COMING IN THE SUNDAY EXPRESS-NEWS 

• The Search fo r 
Nazis in Am erica 
• M elvin Belli: 
M y Life on Trial 
• Coping W ith Life 
A fter Divorce 

San A ntonio’s only Saturday new spaper served by the 
Associated Press 

 w o rld ’s la rg e st n e w sg a th e rin g o rg a n iza tio n 

S.A. HIGH SCHOOL 
SLUE C IF 
G R ID ! in s 
THE COLLEGE CHOICES 

PLUS MUCH. MUCH MORE! 

THE SATURDAY 

• Cher: How Her Baby 
Saved Her M arriag e 
• The M edders Caper 
Surfaces Again 
• W eight W atchers’ 
New Diet Plan 

EXPRESS NEWS 
Snit Antonio. T o x ii* 
S o l i d i T r x a s * l a r g o * ! -c o llin ja i t t a l u r f l n v n o w f c p a p o r 

6 a 
. m 
. 
S P O R T S 
F IN A L 

1 5 ’ 

^ Jon. 15, 1977 ^ 
Claudine found guilty f Spurs lose 

ASSOCIATED PRESS 
ASPEN, Colo. — Claudine 
Longet, the former showgirl who swore that she shot her ski champ lover by accident, was found guilty of criminally neg­ ligent hom icide, a m isd e ­ meanor. 
Tho jury of seven men and five women who brought in the verdict alter only three hours and 4(1 minutes of deliberations, reduced the original charge of reckless m a n sla u g h ter, which was a felony. 
The slim, dark-haired Miss Longet, 
35. composed as the verdict was read in a packed courtroom, told reporters later: “ I am not guilty.” 
“ I have too m uch re s p e c t for human life to bt1 guilty,” she said in her soft. French-accented voice. 
Exhusband 
H it ex-husband, singer Andy Wil­ liams, was in the courtroom as the jury returned. He clasped bis hands to his mouth as the suspense mount­ ed. but, like Miss Longet. showed no reaction when the decision was an­ nounced. 
Mis* Longet’s attorney. C harles 
\\co d m an , who had pleaded with jurors earlier in the day to “ look at the grief in her face” and to have mercy, said he was disappointed. 
“ But thank God the jury did not find her guilty of a felony,” Wood­ man said. 
Ashley Anderson, the young pro­ secutor in the ease, was jubilant. He 

 told reporters: “ We think the jury made a good decision. We think it was a fair trial, a fair jury.” 
The jury's finding of a lesser of­ fense left Miss Longet facing a pos­ sible maximum sentence of two years in prison and a $5,(MMI fine. 

That was much less than the pos­ sible maximum under the original ch a rg e, lf convicted of re c k le s s manslaughter, she could have been imprisoned for IO years and fined 
$3o,ooo. 
The lesser charge is similar to one 

 that m ight be brought a g a in st a driver who, while driving negligent­ ly, kills sorm‘one w ith a ear 
Miss Longet at first would not talk to reporters after the verdict. 
Blit one of the ju ro rs. D aniel 
See CLAUDINE GUILTY, Page ISA 

 to Lakers 

 b v 
I O f t - 1 O 
O 
. D e t a i l s 
. 
1 4 
Ford promises huge pay hike 

CLAUDINE LONGET 
. . . a fte r v e rd ict 

N E W Y O R K TIMES SERVICE 
WASHINGTON — Congressional leaders said P resident Ford told them at a meeting Friday morning he would propose substantial pay in­ creases for the vice president, con­ gressmen, Cabinet members, federal judges and other high-level govern­ ment officials. 

Ford is expected to su b m it the proposed raises to Congress Monday along with his bu d g et pro p o sals. 
They will go into effect automatically 
3d days later unless the House* or 
Senate modifies or rejects them 
For political reasons, me*iribe*rs of 
Congress are generally reluctant to 
Im Kist their own salaries. 
But because the salary sche*dule 

 h a s not changed much in m a n y y e a r s 
‘ a n d bee a use* t h i s is not an election ye*ur, the Ford p r o p o s a l s are n o t li- ke*ly to bo blocked. 
Carter approves 
Pre*Nide*nt-ele*ct (.’arter and his staff have said that they hoped Ford would propose salary inerE*asE*s so that the ne*w administration wemld not have to 
Charter revision now up to voters 

B> j a m e s McCr o r y 
San Antonio voters will decide Sa­ turday whether to enlarge City Coun­ cil and elect council members from districts instE*ad of at large. 
The decision will produce drastic 
TE-sults on the future of city govern­ ment. 
H e a v y campaigning by proponents and o p p o n en ts of the proposed change, a short ballot and a record absentee vote indicate a good turnout at the c ity 's I KB polling places. 
Should Inclement weather develop, it would cut the vote. 
City Clerk Garland Jackson has 45(1 voting m achines m anned by BOO election w orkers deployed at the voting precincts. 
He is prepared to smoothly handle up to I BO.(NHI v otiTs, although most optimistic figures on the vote don't go higher than 8o.ooo, 
Thi* voting potential inside the city is 318.IMM! 
Polling places 
The polls will In* open from 7 a.m.. to 7 p.m. Saturday, and the results will lie tabulated in the City Council chamber in City Hall. 
V oters inside the city will bt* voting 

S a ltillo Im I hft ti ii*l list o f fm lIi u p ft!tiros, l*a p c I 2 A 

 for or against two propositions. 
Tilt* most controversial is the first proposition, calling for election of IO council m embers from as many dis­ tricts. The present system calls for the election of eight council m embers at large. 
Not affecte*d is the direct at-large election of the mayor. 
The second proposition calls for shifting the start of the city's tax year from Aug. I to Jan. I, and the city budget year from Aug. I to Oct. I 
Proponents claim the move will save the city interest paid on bor­ rowed money, but opponents co m ­ plain it will lead to a double tax for one year. lf political support controls, the districting plan for election of council members from districts will c a m 
Mayor 
Lila 
Cockrell and lier most p ro m in en t opponents in Hie 
April city election — John Monfrey. 
Dr. Jose San Martin, and John Steen 
— are for it. 

COOP MOHNING) 

Index 

Action E xp ress............................ WD 
Astrology........................................WD 
Bridge................................................JC 
Business. F in ance.................... IJK 
Church N ew s........................ 14-1 JA 
C om ics....................................WIEHE 
Crossword Puzzles...................... LIE 
Deaths..............................................DE 
Editorials........................................ WA 
Gardening................................. ;; IfD 
M arkets.................................. 
I i 
Newsmakers....................................-A 
Seene 
*.......................... 2-3B 
Sports.......................................... 
T elevision........................................ JJU 
Theaters...................................... 
Want Ads.................... 15-181),l l IE 
W eather.......................................... 

Chuckle 

The cost of living has not af­ fected its popularity. 

F o recast 

Partly cloudy, cool High, near 
Mi. Low. upper 3os. Details, Page 
SC. 

PRIDAY V Ti MF EM AT UR ES 

I o rn. i o rn 
J a m 
4 O ITI. 
J nm 
6 a rn 
J o m 
I a m 

SO 
49 
4948 
4/46 
46 
44 

V a rn. 
1o o m 
11 a m 
Noon 
I p rn 
J o m 
3 pm 
4 p m. 

4? 
4S4a 
SOaa 
5455 

5 pm 
6 pm 
J p m. 
8pm 
9 pm 
1o p rn 
M o m 
M id n ig h t 46 

COLUMNISTS 
Jack Anderson...................... 
Dan took 
........................ 
Dan Klepper.......................... 
Ann Landers.......................... 
Dr. (leo. T hosteson............ 

. 2A 
. 2C 

. K 
. 2B 
WD 

I H T H YEAR 

N O . 3o 
6 8 PAGES 

T E L E P H O N E S : 
Wont Ad* (Mon E n . • 
O rn S 3o pm) IJS 1666, All oth*r depart ment* (Tom 9pm ) in HW; City editor (9 pm Tom) iii 3411 Sport* editor 19 p rn I 
O rn) iii VV or iv /lot 

DID VOL' KNOW: lf you receive home delivery of the Express and Sunday 
Express-News $1 more will bring you the evening News for a month Total 
14 per month Call 225-7411 lor prompt delivery 
------ 

Six of the eight e th e r council members are campaigning for it. 
The majority of the Bexar County legislative delegation is pushing it. with none openly against it. Bexar 
County .Judge B lair R eeves and 
County Com. Albert Bustamante have spoken up for it. 
The San Antonio AKL CIO Council and C o m m u n itie s O rg an ized for 
Public Service are actively s u p p ly ­ ing the proposition. 
Tilt* opposition includes the new 
Alliance for a Be*tU*r City, headed by 
Alfred Beekman; Texans for F re e ­ dom, headed by Curtis Bell, and a 
Republican coterie headed by State 
GOF Committeeman Van Archer. 
Late entry in tin1 lists against is 
County Com. Jeff Wentworth, only elected Republican official in the 
Courthouse. 
Also on ballot 
Both city and county voters also have an o p p o rtu n ity to vote on m em bers of the boards of the San 
Antonio River Authority and the Ed­ wards Underground Water District. 
Inside thi* city, the City ChartE*r, river authority and w ater district elections will be held in the sam e 
(Milling plact*s. 
An ancillary election issue in the c h a r te r ch a n g e to elect council m em bers by district was a U S. Ju s­ tice lk*partment ruling that the city’s 
W72 and W74 annexations involving 
5o.o(1o people should be voided because it dilutE*d the voting strength of Mexican-Americans. 
The Justice Department indicated, however, if the city adopts a district­ ing plan the annexations will Im* ac­ ceptable to the d epartm ent. O ther­ wise. the Justice Department threa- tE*riE*d to block the April city elec­ tions. 

Serenade brings smiles 

 a smile to patient Lucio Guzman Friday at The C 
Tito Guizar, cowboy actor and singer from Mexico City, brines 
Jay at The Cniidren s 
Hospital of Santa Rosa Medical Center. Guizar, described as the “ Gene Autry’’ of Mexico, was a smash hit during his hospital tour. Five-year-old Lucio is the son of Mr. and Mrs. 
Juan Guzman, 3o6 Leroux St. — Photo by Joan Imbimbo 
Mitchell Lake suit eyed 

Bv DAVID HENDRIC KS 

The state attorney general’* office is considering filing suit against San 
Antonio sometime next week to in­ sure cleanup of Mitchell Lake. 
“ We’re considering it, but no de­ cision has yet been m ade.” said Doug 
(’aroon) of the 
E n v i r o n m e n t a l 
Division of the attorney g en eral’s office in Austin 
The suit would penalize the city iii spite of a recent extension of time for cleanup recently grante*d by the Tex­ as W ater Quality Board 
The new deadline is July I. 
The suit could result iii fines from 

$1,oo(1 to $1o,(HH) for E*aeh day the city has not complied with lake standards set by the state legislature 
Also, thi* suit can result in a court order milking the cleanup more en­ forceable than the TWQB order 
Asst. Public Works Dir Me*) Sue!* tenfuss said Friday he had received no weird of a possible lawsuit against thi* city from the attorney general's office. 
S ueltenfuss listed activ itie s on 
Mitchell 1-ake* during the next week whii h may tx* taken as signs the city fully intends to carry out the TWQB cleanup order. 
He said the 'city will take bids 

Thursday tor a sewage lift station and will next week ordi*r metering eE|Uipmi*nl to nu*asure the inflow und outflow of the lake as well as the level of the Minima River. 
Also, digging at the lake site will continue, weather permitting, Suel­ tenfuss said Digging had been hailed during recent rainy weather. 
Mitchell Lake, Located on the SeiuHi 
Side, has been part of the city’s sewage treatment system since the early Hants 
Serious odor problems have caused the lake to lie the subject of com ­ plaints from area residents over the years. 
* 

 bi*ar tin* entire political reNponstbtli- ty for the additional expenditures. 
Ber! L a m e , C’.a rler’s designati*d director of till* off ice* of munage*me*nt and budget, F riday su p p o rts) pay raises for federal executives, judges, and m em bers of ( ongre ss, and sug- ge*ste*d thi* President-e*le*ct will do the same. 
I .a nee* told reporters at a breakfast m eeting ( arter would insist that, in ri'turn for Hie* higher pay, Congress tig h ten its eth ical rules reg a rd in g speechm uking fe*e*s and Either types of outside income. 
C a rte r's aides have e*omplaine*d that the* lewd of fcelerul pay made* it diffie ult at times to persuade* some 
|H*ople* to work for the* ne*w adminis­ tration. and the* President-ele*ct pro- m isi'd to se*e*k higher s a la rie s for ranking offic ials if Ford did not 
In I MBB. President Johnson, just before leaving office, did a sim ilar favor for incoming Preside nt Nixon and included pay increases in his budge*! projmsals 
Those raises went into effec t, and, except for one 5 ( s r cent raise, the sa la rie s have* not been in c reased since. 
Recommended 
A n in e -m e m b e r c o m m issio n on e'\ee*utive\ legislative and judicial s a la r ie s re c o m m e n d e d new pay scale** last month 
The commission, hcudcd by Peter 
G Peterson, the* former secretary of commerce, proposed that the higher salarie** tx* tied to a new e*ode of eth­ ics for m e m b e rs of C ongress and 
See PAY HIKE. Page ISA 
Resuming flu shots is urged 

ATLANTA (AP) - The Center for 
Disease Control’s advisory co m m it­ tee on im m u n izatio n p r a c tic e s recom m ended Friday that the n a ­ tionwide m oratorium on swine flu vaccine be lifte*d. 
The committee received a report earlier in the day of two cases of possible transm ission of swine flu among humans, but a (’DC spokes­ man said the report hud no bearing oil the recommendation. 
Moratorium 

The' committee reciHnmcnded that the m o rato riu m on the sw ine flu vaccine he lifted to allow inoculation of persons in high risk groups, sueh as the elderly and the chronically ill. 
It said the de*eis|on whe the r to offer the vaccine to other adults should Im* left up to individual physicians 
The moratorium was imposed last month afli*r reports of a possible connection between the sw ine flu vaccine and an outbreak e>f Guillain- 
Barre syndrome — a temporary par­ alysis which can bt* fatal but gene­ rally is not. 
Dr David J. Scorer, director of the* 
CDG and chairm an of the advisory committee, told a news conference that he had read the recom m enda­ tions lo the assistant secretary for health, Dr Theodore (’imper, in W a­ shington He said he would “ hand deliver them to him tomorrow. I would certainly recommend that they be accepted.” 

San Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— Saturday January I 5 I 9 77 
No peanuts, please 

Residents of a South Dakota re­ tirem ent home recently encoun­ tered the kind of bureaucratic fou­ lup that’s hard to swallow. 

The January shipment of food commodities from the federal go- vernment to the Kadoka retirement home, near Martin, S D., contained a small surprise amid the normal supplies of milk, m argarine and other foodstuffs. 

. Three pounds of roasted peanuts, to Im1 exact. 

Home administrator Nona Prang sui<l sin1 doesn't know what to do with the goobers. “ So many of our people don’t have teeth and can't eat the things,’’ she said. 

She added that doctors said the peanuts are hard for the elderlv 
Cesidents to digest. 
Gen. Kulikov now marshal 

I Soviet Gen. V iktor Kulikov, 
-named last week to head Warsaw 
Pact forces, was promoted Friday to the rank of marshal, the official 
'Soviet news agency Tass said. 
♦ (ieneral of the 
Army 
Nikolai 
Ogarkov, who replaced Kulikov as 
-chief of staff of the Soviet army, 
I was also promoted to marshal, the 
-agency said 
! 
Kulikov’s promotion had been 
-expected since the chief of Warsaw 
Pact forces traditionally holds the 
-rank of marshal Kulikov replaced 
'Marshal Ivan I. Yakubovsky, who 
'died Nov. IMI. 

The home includes 17 people on welfare who use commodities. The home pays freight on the shipment. 
“ I ll wait to see what we get in the next shipment,’’ Mrs. Prang said. 
“ If we get peanuts again, PU write 
President Carter and tell him to kee|) his peanuts in Georgia.” » 
New Lindy not in air 

Gen. Jam es Doolittle, air hero of 
World War II. says it is unlikely there will he another Charles Lind bergh of the air. but there will be­ smile like him in other fields. 

The general, who led tin1 first air­ raid on Tokyo in 1942, was in Dallas this week promoting a $3 million scholarship fund in m em ory of 
Lindbergh, the famous Lone Fagle who made the first solo Atlantic flight. 

The scholarship fund, he said, will help the “ new Lindberghs’" in other fields, he said. 

The official kickoff of the Charles 
A. Lindbergh Memorial Fund will take place Feb 4. the 59th anniver­ sary of Lindbergh's Atlantic flight. 

Gen. Doolittle said some $4(1(1,(Hill already has been contributed. 

Fellowships will be awarded by the fund in fields in which Lind­ bergh was interested — aviation, space, science technology, explora­ tion and wildlife conservation. 

Paddy Livingston c e le b ra te s his 
97th birthday Friday with memories of his d ay s as a m a jo r le a g u e baseball player with 
Cleveland, 
Cincinnati, Philadelphia and the St. 
Louis Cardinals. He is the last of the original Am erican League players still alive. As a catcher, he caught many balls similar to the one he’s holding. In those days, however, he used only a thin glove or none at all, instead of the padded monsters of today — AP W irephoto 

He finds warm spot 

Charles Johnson walked into a sheriff’s substation in the small town of Ajo. Ariz.. one day last week and said he needed a warm place to stay and would like to know what hr* had to do to get five years in jail. 
He was told that robbing a bank was a possibility, but a detention officer told him that jail was “ not a very nice place” and suggested that he solve his problem some other way. 
The officer even helped Johnson find a part-time job, but five hours after he went to work lie walked into a bank branch and handed a teller a note demanding money. 

The teller tripped an alarm . 
Johnson was arrested, and now he's in a warm jail cell after being arraigned on a robbery charge. 

Ballet star to get award 

Dame Margut Fonteyn, the Bri­ tish ballet star, was named the recipient of the Shakespeare 1977 prize of the Hamburg-based F.V.S. 
Foundation. 

The prize, about $1o,(UMI. lo a dancer. 

 which am ounts to has never before gone 

The foundation, a private organi­ zation devoted to the arts, will present the prize to Dame Margot in ceremonies at Hamburg city hall 
July 23. 

Legal gambling w on’t put end to bookm aking 

WASHINGTON — Just as the repeal of prohibition was supposed to end bootlegging, legalized gambling has now been offered as the best way to suppress illegal bookmaking. 

GOF picks Brock for party chairm an 

Of course, the rum runners of the 
1929s were merely succeeded by a dapper, new breed of gangster, who brought polish and efficiency to or­ ganized crime. 
Areas of influence were carved out, with specific te rrito rie s going to those strong enough to hold them. 
Slush funds were created to over­ come political obstacles, and pro­ mising young racketeers were sent to college to give the mob some class. 
These slick mobsters have now ta­ ken over the rackets, including un­ lawful wagering. 
Legalized 
States that have adopted* legalized gam bling, unfortunately, have not put the underworld lords out of busi­ ness. 
The truth is that legalized g a m ­ bling has helped their business. 
To get the story, we sent our re­ porter Rick Sokolovv to New York, which was the first state this side of 
Nevada to establish Off-Track Bet­ ting parlors. 
At the street level, the mobsters still w ear fjashy clo th es, sq u ire gaudy girls and hang out at bars, bistros and race tracks. 
But the crim e bosses are more li­ kely to be found in suits of conserva­ tive cut and color. They could pass. say. for Madison Avenue advertising executives. 
Under their direction, organized crime has become the nation's big­ gest business, and one of its 
"■ 1 most profitable operations is illegal gambling. 
The underw orld tycoons have their hands in the till of most friendly neighborhood bookies. 

Jack 
Anderson 

He cocked his head toward the bar. 
“ People here know me my whole life,” he said. “There’s not a person here who wouldn’t help me if the po­ lice came in here.” 
Seamy side 
Of course, there is a seamy side to the bookmaking business. Frankie has served time in prison for g a m ­ bling. 
He operates on the fringes of the underworld, whose ruthless leaders aren’t pleasant people to work for. A bookie can get hurt if he m akes a misstep. 
Their customers, too. can get hurt. 
For many, gambling becomes an ad­ diction, and they find them selves deep in hock to the friendly bookie. lf he d o e s n ’t collect, som e 

Business booming 

In .\e w } ark. Sokolow found that 
Itusiness has been boom ing f o r the ho o k ies sin ce the sta te o p e n e d 
Off-Track netting p a rlo rs , which accept law ful bets on the horses 

W IL L IA M S. BROCK 

WASHINGTON POST SERVICE 

WASHINGTON - F o rm er T en ­ nessee Sen William S. Brock, backed by a diverse cbalition of Republicans from all regions of the country, Fri- dav was elected national chairman of the GOB. 
4 Gilmore pleas denied Friday 

The new chairman takes over at a time when the Republican party is at its lowest ebb since the Depression after losing the White House and having its minoritv in Congress and the statehouses further diminished. 
Though Brock spoke of the “ incre­ dible opportunity” facing the GOB, he also warned that the party will sink even lower unless it is able to capture legislatures during the next tour y e a rs and influence congressional reapportionment. 
Reputation 

LVLT LA KL CITY (AB) - Three lodges, including a state Suprem e 
I onrt ju stice , and 
Gov. 
Scott 
Nhitheson turned buck separate at- 
Lvmpt.s Tin Friday to postpone con­ victed killer (jury Gilmore s execu­ tion, scheduled for sunrise Monday. 
By prior a rra n g e m e n t, an o th er niquest for a stay of execution was scheduled to be heard Saturday by 
Uke loth U S. Circuit Court of Appeals 

 i i( Denver. 
After hours 
M atheson denied pleas by two 
I.av .vers who appeared in his office aller regular work hours to ask that ha exercise “ Inherent power” to stay t ill more's execution 
ISlatheson, u ho took office this wick, said he could not intervene because his predecessor, Gov Calvin 
Kempton, had exhausted gubcrna- tifial |H»wers in the case by issuing a shiv that lasted until the state Board of P ardons reaffirm ed G ilm ore s death penalty. 

Another lawyer, one of sev eral fired by Gilmore during Ins battle to lace the firing squad rallier than spend the rest of his life iii prison, tried unsuccessfully to convince Su­ preme Court Justice 1) Frank Wil­ liams to take action in the case, an 
American Civil Liberties Union a t­ torney said. 
The slate s highest court refused to hear the ease after Gilmore appeared before the justices Nov. IO aud said he did not waul his firs t-d e g re e murder conviction or his death sen­ tence appealed. 
Chief Justice Albert Lllett said late 
Friday thai u ny one attem p tin g to slop the execution now may he sub­ net to prosecution under state law that prohibits interference va uh deci­ sions of a court. iii other rulings Friday. U.S. Dis­ trict Court Judge Alden Anderson and Utah 3rd District Court Judge 
Dean Conder refused req u e sts lo delay the execution. 

Brock, whose reputation as a poli­ tical organizer overcame the stigma of being a recently defeated one-term senator, was chosen after three se­ cret ballots of the Republican N a­ tional Committee. He defeated Utah 
State GOB C h airm an R iehard R i­ chards. the runner-up on all three ballots, and three other contestants. 
Brock’s election was a demonstra­ tion of independence by the national com m ittee and in some respects a setback for the country’s two most prominent Republicans. P resident 
Ford and Ronald Reagan. 
Ford’s effort to put over his former campaign chairman, Jam es A Baker 
III of Houston, us the national chair­ man collapsed this week when Baker proved unwilling to battle for the job and withdrew. 
Reagan supported Richards, and this helped prevent the Utah chair­ man from attracting moderate sup- port. 
Avoid conflict 

Maryland GOP Chairman David Rz 
Forward, a Brock supporter, said one of his candidate’s chief attractions was that it enabled the party to avoid 

 any further Ford-Reagan conflict. 
Brock led Richards narrowly on the first ballot Friday. He had 34 votes to 
4H for Richards, with 82 needed for election. The other votes were divid­ ed mong White House deputy assis­ tant A rthur A. F letch er, 22; Ohio 
GOP Chairman Kent B. McGough. 29; and District of Columbia national committeeman Robert S. Carter, IB. 
Two other prospective candidates never made it to the balloting. 
Indiana GOF Chairman Thomas S. 
Milligan withdrew when it became clear he lacked unified Midwestern su p p o rt, and Buehl B eren tso n . a former executive director of the Re­ publican Governors Association, was unable to find a sufficient number of nominators. 
On tin1 second ballot the th re e trailing candidates lost ground, with most of their lost support going to 
Brock. After this ballot Brock led with 79 votes to 48 for Richards. 
The national committee proceeded immediately to a third ballot in the ja m -p ack ed b allroom of the W a­ shington Hilton, and bv this tim e it was apparent that Brock would win. 
His supporters kept the tally as the votes were called out on the rostrum and broke out with a roar of applause when the 82nd vote was reached. 
The final tally, before a motion was accepted to m ake the vote u n a n i­ mous, showed Brock 99, Richards 49, 
McGough 14, Carter ti and Fletcher 5, witll one abstention. 
One of the surprises of the balloting was the relatively strong first-ballot showing of Fletcher, believed to be the first black person ever nominated for Republican national chairman. 
Brock pledged after his election to em bark on a strong campaign lo at­ tract m inority voters, women and young people, and In* said hi* would ask F le tc h e r to play “ a ta n g ib le role,” 

In New York, Sokolow found that business has been booming for the bookies since the state opened Off- 
Track Betting parlors, which accept lawful bets on the horses. But the legal wagering, apparently, attracts new gamblers. 
Many of them wind up placing bets with the neighborhood bookies, who offer other sporting wagers, tax-free payoffs and easy credit. 
Sokolow visited a legal bettin g parlor and u bookie joint two blocks apart in one of New York City’s old ethnic neighborhoods. 
The state-run parlor had no chairs. no food, no beverages. 
A stark light exposed a dirty floor littered with discarded newspapers and tickets. 
The bettors stood in line before bank-style windows and placed their bets with faceless tellers. 
Local bookie 
In contrast, the local bookie oper­ ates out of a neighborhood bar under ail elevated train. 
The atm osphere is cozy and con­ genial; dim lighting softens the harsh realities; the bookie is a likeable, if larcenous, fellow who presides over a corner table. 
Ile agreed to talk to us if we would call him “ Frankie Numbers.’’ which is not his name. 
Bookmaking is the only trade lie has ever known, he said. He got his start at age 13 as an apprentice to his fat lier, who was also a bookie. 
Frankie has a cordial rapport with his customers. He hugged a middle­ aged woman who handed him a piece of paper wrapped around a roll of money. 
He slipped the money to the bar­ tender for a round of drinks for the people at the liar. A "business ex­ pense." Frankie called it. 

 unfriendly characters may do it for him. 
Sokolow talked to other hookies, to their custom ers and to sources on both sides of the law . 
T h ere ’s no doubt about it. Lega­ lized gambling has stimulated illegal gambling us well. 
National study 

This has been confirmed, in fact. by a national study on gambling. It was conducted by the University of 
Michigan Survey Research Center. 
There is a corresponding rise in unlawful gambling, the survey found. iii states that legalize betting. 
A spokesm an for the O ff-Track 
Betting office acknowledged that the state has been unable to com pete with the bookmakers 
The state is pressing for legislative changes, he said, that would permit the legal parlors to compete better with the bookie joints. 
At the White House 
Unlike Riehard Nixon, who left the 
White House under a dark cloud. 
President Ford will leave in the sun­ shine. 
He is cheerful, relaxed, able to laugh at himself. 
At least he won t need to have his face powdered constantly for TY ap­ pearances. he remarked privately. 
His aides used to fuss over his m a­ keup. until he threatend to get a fa­ celift and a wig. 
Not only President Ford, but 73 per cent of his White House stuff received the controversial swine flu shots. 
Dr. W illiam L ukas, the W hite 
House physician, said he didn’t know of a single illness from the shots. 
“ We didn’t even have a sore arm ut the White House.” he said. 
Campaign adviser Rogers Morton caught a touch of the flu. however, after receiving regular flu shots. 
Emergency gas sales approved 

WASHINGTON 
(A P) 
- 
The 
Federal Power Com mission u n a n ­ imously approved on Friday a hid by 
Houston Pipe Line Co. for additional emergency sales of natural gas to two pipelines serving shortage-stricken states on the East and Gulf coasts. 

Houston Vice President Riehard C. 
Aisup said, however, he does not know whether Houston actually has any surplus gas immediately availa­ ble to ease the shortages. 

 lf the decision holds, however, 

 eould clear the way for Houston Pipe 
Line to resum e delivery of e m e r ­ gency gas supplies to Transcontinen­ tal Gas Pipe Line Corp. and United 
Gas Pipe Line Co., which had already purchased one round of emergency gas in November and December. 
Setting it straig 

The Up With People show is Saturday night at 8 p.m. at L aurie A uditorium at 
Trinity University. 
The News erro n eo u sly reported in its Friday edi­ tion that the show would he held Friday night. 
The News regrets the er­ ror. 
, 

EXPRESS-NEWS 

I , IN t 
Nt 

M A U S U B S C R IP T IO N R A U S 

O T H IR STATES 

Ii 4# |i»V> I! 

II I t IM' 

>■ Itt'vOw* * 4 

I 
I 
I■II 

GARRETTS 
APPLIANCE 
2652 Austin Hwy. 
65 5 -2 o 1 o 

AUEN BUU TV ! 
& APPLIANCE 
I 
716 Labor 
533-9411 f 

EXPRESS N I WL CAW tOl *U«EAU 
AUSTIN — Sun Antonio 
Mayor Pro Tem Henry G. 
( ism ros has been named to rhair a subcommittee of the 

 statew ide M edicaid Eva* luation Task Force which convened here Thursday. 
Cisneros is one of five San 
Antonians serving on the 

47-m einber tusk force created by the Texas De­ partment of Welfare. 
The others are Auxiliary 
Bishop P atric k F lo res of the San Antonio A rchdio­ cese, Warren (1. Harding, executive director, Bexar 
County H ospital; R obert 
Pugh, president of the Tex­ as Senior Citizens Associa­ tion; and Jo e Sw eeney, television newsman. 
Nursing homes 

Cisneros will chair the subcom m ittee on Nursing 
Homes and In-Home ( are. 

Harding and Pugh have been named to the subcom­ mittee on Hospitals, Labs and X-ray; Bishop Flores to the panel on R ecipients; and Sweeny to the subcom­ mittee on Pharmacies 

One of the issues to be ex a m in ed by C is n e ro s ’ panel will be how the state 

 can best co n tro l the number of people entering nursing homes. 
O th ers are; “ F or w hat services, that are altern a­ tiv es to n u rs in g h o m es, should the state pay?” and; 
“ How can the s ta te m aintain or im prove the quality of nursing home care without increasing costs?” 
Leading the task force is 
W Marvin Watson of Dain­ gerfield. former U.S. Post­ master General and special a s s is ta n t to 
P re s id e n t 
Johnson. 
Meetings 

Tile v ario u s s u b c o m ­ m itte e s have sc h ed u le d m e etin g s thro u g h o u t tile next three months. 

A final report of its re ­ c o m m e n d a tio n s will be presented at a public hear­ ing in Austin on March 3o 

La w n sB e a u ty, 
NURSERY 
M SO fto n d tra Rood 

St. 
(Corp**) mm mm ^ 
G RASS . . . full Muir 
.............# rn 
LISS THAN A f i l i i H U LIT 
I 7 « 

 r L O R A T A M 
PU U P A L U * .. aaa than * 
* 
** ** 

L I V I O A K T O E K S ...a ln9 l«, double, 
L T riple T ru n k ........................ 
■ T i . I 

•A- id- 

 b oW ory 

S i,, * O '/ 
Barit Mulch 
Potting VMI 

I n d o o r P io n t p r t 
* lo Mr or A .d 
Lory* O ocorotivo^l 

> T M B d t| 1 -7 porn. 

O rtt fiupr 

M OD O C TS 

Tr*»J 
Shrvt ioo^a 
St*M*nf Sronot d t e k a m n ^ t — ia 
Boddtwp Want 
»<,*>«*• tSu-.r, 

 m - i n # 

Ju d g e signs 
B ell ju d gm en t 

A judgment awarding a former Southwestern Bell Telephone Co. executive SI million because his former employers tapped his phones was signed Friday by Dist. Judge Franklin Spears. 

Bell attorneys are now expected to file an appeal of the case with the 
Fourth Court of Civil Appeals within IU days. 

Parlier this week Judge Spears overruled Bell’s motion for a new trial of the suit filed against it by former executive James Ashley. 

Ashley had charged Bell tapped his phones after he filed a $29 million damage suit against the company following his dismissal in 
October 1971. 

Ile was dismissed alter ail in-house investigation produced charges against him of expense account abuse and sexual promiscuity with employes. 

A jury found in favor of Ashley last Dec. 17 and awarded him $1 million. 

The $29 million damage suit is pending in federal court. 

San Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— Saturday January I 5 I 977 H 

TMA supporting bills to rem edy m alpractice crisis 

 today is LAST DAY 

 to save up to 5 o % on our first 

 combined FLOORSAMPLE 

IN-STORE-WAREHOUSE SALE 

11 !<»*> tiro sit! 
IIH.ll 
San ii mint 

C isneros is M edicaid subcommittee chairman 

O ther m e m b ers of the proposed 
First National group include William 
A. Beinhorn. Albert F. Gates, Bruce 
Barker. T hom as J. Power J r. and 
Kent Carter. 

All six own ran ch es iii D im m it 
County. Beinhorn is also chairman of 
Buss Securities Corp. i i i San Antonio. 

The closing of Citizens Slate Bank triggered a massive probe into Texas banking irregularities which has in­ volved s e v e ra l s ta te and fed e ra l authorities. 

Bv DAVID MCLEMORE 
EXPRESS N EW S M EDICAl WRITER 
Texas Medical Assn. officials announced support of legisla­ tion they said will remedy the malpractice insurance crisis in 
Texas during a press confer­ ence Friday. 

TMA P resident L. S. Thom pson said, “ Bills introduced in the state legislature this session will enact re­ com m endations of the g o v e rn o r’s study commission and may help cor­ rect problems which have combined to create the malpractice crisis. 
Dr. T hom pson said TM A’s e n ­ dorsement of the two bills was based on the recently completed Medical 
Professional L iability Study Com ­ mission findings. 
Results 

 i surrey conducted a m o n g doctors last year indicates the m alpractice insurance sit ant ital contin aes to increase m edical a n d Inuilth costs 

Unction in premiums with enactment of the two bills. 
“ But we can expect the legislation to stabilize the malpractice insur­ ance situation. 

“ Texas doctors can no longer con­ tinue to practice in a situation which allows nearly one-third of the state’s physicians to be sued or have claims filed against them .” 

Attending the ceremonies at Martin Luther King Plaza, Hal Raupe, 74, warms his grandson, Mark 
Malesky, 4, son of Mr. and Mrs. Bob Malesky. The ceremonies were Friday, although Dr. King’s 48th 

H opeful bank owners bid highest in Carrizo 

By BILL MINTZ 
A group of investors hoping to open a new national bunk in C arrizo 
Springs submitted the high bid F ri­ day for building, furniture and fix­ tures of the defunct Citizens State 
Bank. 
Hugh A. Fitzsimons submitted a bid of $21.IBR for the Citizens State 
Bank building. 
He also submitted a $32,175 bid for tile furniture and fixtures of the bank. 
Citizens State Bank was closed 
June 2H by State Banking Com. Ro­ bert Stewart. 

The property auction was held by 
Jam es W. Duvall, who is liquidating the bank s assets for the Federal 
Deposit Insurance Corp. 
Hearing 
A hearing is scheduled Thursday in 
Dallas on un application by Fitzsi­ mons and others for a federal charter for the proposed First National Bank of Dimmit County. 
Former Citizens State Bank owner 
Enrique Salinas of Eagle Pass and 
Union State Bank of Carrizo Springs have both filed letters of objection to the proposed bank. 

( mon State is presently the only bank in Carrizo Springs. 

K. Glynn Finite president of Union 
State, said there isn’t enough loan demand in the community to support two profitable banks. 

Salinas’ attorney. Arthur Mitchell of Austin, said Salinas doesn’t want another bank in Carrizo Springs until the S a lin a s ’ la w su it c h a lle n g in g 
S te w a rt’s action is finally d e t e r ­ mined. 

M itchell contended the banking commissioners should have held a hearing on Citizens State Bank’s sol­ vency before closing it 
Officials 

Ile said state officials should not have turned th*' bank's assets over to 
EDIC for liquidation. 

The bids submitted by Fitzsimons and Ins partners will be submitted to the EDIC officials in Washington for approval. 

The bids must also lie approved by 
49th Dist. Court Judge E. Jam es Ka- zen of Laredo, who is supervising liquidation of C itizens S ta te ’s at assets. 

TMA also released initial results of its survey of more than 5,511o Texas doctors conducted last year. 
“ The survey in d ic ates the m a l­ p ra c tic e in su ra n c e situ atio n co n ­ tinues to increase medical and health costs and restricts the services avai­ lable to the public,” Dr. Thompson said. 
Results of the survey included in­ formation that: 
• About 7o per cent of all claims and suits filed against doctors have been filed since Jan. I. 1972. , 
• About 75 per cent of Texas doc­ tors are covered by less than the $1 million liability protection most doc­ tors say is needed. 
• - About 56 per cent of p rivate practice doctors have raised fees due to insurance premium increases. 
• Many family doctors now avoid some types of treatment because they can’t afford insurance converage. 
Two bills 
Two bills introduced in the Texas 
Senate and House implement recom­ mendations of the study commission and make long-term plans for rem e­ dial action, Dr. Thompson said. 
The t\u> companion bills would, in part,: 
• 
Allow filing of eases without specific dollar amounts to eliminate sensational publicity; 
• 
Im plem ent binding voluntary arbitrat ion procedures; 
• Reduce the statute of limitations to within one year from the date a claim ant knew of the d a m ag e s or three years from the time of the al­ leged incident. 
The bills also prov ide for limits of liability, countersuits against c la i­ mants and attorneys bringing “ bad faith” suits and a strengthening of the T ex as B oard of M edical E x ­ aminers disciplinary powers. 
TMA attorney Ace P ickens said. 
"We don’t expect an im m ediate re- 

Parties set after election 

Opponents and proponents of the 
111-1 city districting plan have victory celeb ra tio n s sch ed u led S atu rd ay night. 
The Alliance for a B etter City, which with Texans for Freedom has led the fight against the districting plan, will gather at the Monger Hotel starting at 6:3o p.m. 
The Committee for IO-1, which has master-minded the strategy in sup­ port of the issue, will hold its cele­ bration in El Tropicano Motor Hotel after the polls close at 7 p.m. 

ALBERTO RODRIGUEZ heads out on a 3oo-mile bi­ cycle trip 
3 o o m i l e s f o r 

 l o v e o f S t e p h a n i e 

Alberto Rodriguez and four companions began a 3(NI-mile bicycle trip here Friday, blessed with cool but sunny weather. 
“The break in the weather is good,” Rodriguez said. "Maybe it’s a sign that God likes what we’re doing “ 
Rodriguez, a University of Texas at Sun Antonio police sergeant, is making tile run as part of his preparation for a marathon run iii March from San Antonio to Harlingen to raise money for the mentally retarded. 
His daughter, Stephanie, 4. is mentally retarded. 
Wearing an orange sweatshirt emblazoned with “ The King of Kings 
Loves Stephanie,” Rodriguez said. “ I’m doing tins because of a promise I made to God for my daughter. 
“ But I’m also doing it for other parents wit ii mentally retarded cliilderen. Too often, they feel shame because of their children. 
“ Maybe through this they will take pride in their children despite their condition. I am proud of Stephanie and I love her.” 
Rodriguez will ride his bicycle from here to Harlingen, arriving iii about 26 hours. 
Arturo Vela and Robert Hernandez, San Antonio pollee officers, and 
Jefferson High School students Rick Morello and Marcy Gonzalez will accompany him on bikes. 
State Sen. F rank Lomhardino started the bikers off before a small crowd of friends and family at tin* Institute of Texan Cultures at noon 
Friday. 
Their ride will trait* the route Rodriguez will run on foot iii March 
Ills daughter was born with bruin dam age, a heart condition and a congenital hip disorder. Doctors predicted she would not live past early childhood. 
“ I made a vow to God if Stephanie lived to be 5 years old, I would go to 
San Juan de Ins Lagos, a church of miracles, to give thanks,” Rodriguez said. 
Rodriguez* marathon run is scheduled so lie will arrive at the church near Harlingen on March 2o. Stephanie's fifth birthday. 
His sister, Lydia Rodriguez, will keep Stephanie while her father runs for her benefit. 

Son Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— Saturday January 15 I977 

CALIFORNIA ARMSTRONG ROSE BUSHES! 
NEW CROP . . . JUST ARRIVED 
PLANT N O W FOR BEST RESULTS 

Planted in one gallon cans, each a select rose, plant now for best results. 
Guaranteed. Double your money back if you can find roses of better quality and better root system. 

$ o 1 9 
$ A 5 o 
$ ea. 
W fo r 
CHOOSE FROM: for 
5o 

MIX OR MATCH 

WHITE: 
Blanch* Mallerin 
Frau Kart Druschki 

YELLOW: 
{dipt* 
Lowell Thomas 
Sutter's Gold 

LAVENDER: 
Blue GIH 
Sterling Silver 

TWO-TONE: 
Condesa De Sastago 
Forty-Niner 
Peace 
Pres. Hoover 
RED: 
Chrysler Imperial 
Crimson Glory 
Spartan 
Carrousel 
Mirandy 
Charlotte Armstrong 

PINK: 
Helen Traubel 
TiHony 
First Love 

LOW GROWING: 
Circus-Two-tone 
Chatter-red 
Margo Koster-orang* 
Floradora-red 
Valentin* Red 

FOLIAGE PLANTS 
REG. $3.98 
SCHEFFLERA 

Beautiful indoor foliage approx. 
18" loll .. extra bushy Growing in 
S'/r" containers 
$ | 89 

REG. $3.98 

PHILODENDRON 

SELLOUT 

These are beautiful extra heavy growing in SVS" containers. 

* 
1 
8 
9 

 ea. 

CLIMBERS: 
Cl. Aloha-pink 
Cl. Blaie-everblooming red 
Cl. Charlotte Armstrong-red 
Cl. Crimson Glory-red 
Cl. High Noon-yellow 
Cl. Peace-two-tone 
Cl. Sutter's Gold-yellow 
Cl. Whit* Dawn 
Cl. Chrysler Imperial-red 
Ct. Queen Elixabeth-pink 
ORANGE: 
Mojave 

■ JBMIIBCT. 
BERMUDA ONION SETS 

White 
Red and Yellow . 
8o to IOO sets to package 
69',, 

PLANT GU&IOIS BULBS 
EXTRA LARGE BULBS 
?' diameter up Choose from mixed, red, yellow, pink, lavender and white. 

6 . 
9 9 * 
IDEAL SHRUB 

PLANT N O W 

AZALEAS, loaded with buds; FUOMY 
MOUS VARIGATA, or color contrast, EUO- 
NTHOUS, dwarf, the most comport; PIT- 
TOSPORUM, vangated or green the most beautiful 
YOUR CHOICE 

$ o 9 9 
O 
S O 
X OO. 
A# for 
O 
SO 

OUTDOOR 

FOLIAGE PLANTS 

Wt ho™ (int rtf.ty.d g hoautiful thpm tnt ut 

 p tm t Won Cogit Mort hong IU! 
Thou gig kith 

 htguNLvl tog goofily pignet h i lohoqt UM (hoot* from A t li l l SILIOI DI, WllOOteOEON H U M M , 
KUBA (GoM Butt) MACA th* I HBI VIM 
YOUR CHOICE 

NEW CROP SALE 
WOLFE PECANS ARE HERE! 

$o99 
O 
SO 

Z o o . 
*5 for 
o 
SO 

W ftlfe N u rseries has supplied T exas P ecan needs for m a n y years. 
W e have this y e a r's cro p on h an d now . These o re the m ost b eau tifu l trees I nave ever seen, g o o d , h e a vy grow th roo t system s. 

REG. $22.99 PECAN TREES 
Approx IO ft toll, 4 yr old, grafted Choose from: Stuart, Wichita, Desirable, Success, 
Mohan, Schley and Choctaw 
17” «k»2i*$3o 
OO 

GROUND COVER * 

HEDGE PLANTS 

BOXWOOD well rooted plants 
29* „ 
I Or., *2” 

ALGERIAN IVY 

 well rooted plonts 

1 9 '« ... 1 o * * 1 “ 
ENGLISH IVY 

 well rooted pions 

1 
9 
* 
1 o f . , » 1 » 
FRUIT TREES 
BEARING SIZE 
PLUM TREES 
5 to 6 ft toll, balled ond burtopped Choose from lest varieties 

REG. $19.95 PECAN TREES 
Approx 8 ft. tall, grafted, 4 yr old Choose from Mahan, Stuart, W Schley, Desirable, 
Success, Choctow ond Wichita 
2i«J27So 

CAMELLIAS 
M ANY BLOOMING 
Special group, assorted colors The most beautiful of oil evergreen broadleaf shrubs loaded with buds, ready to bear the most beautiful ond perfect of all flowers Growing in I gallon con. 
$3.99 ea. 
2 f o r $7.5o 
CAMELLIAS SHU LARGER 
THESE ARE BEAUTIFUL. 
*12“ «a . 2ro«‘25 
OO 

%T 
\ 
2 

PEAR TREES 

 for 15 
OO 

5 to 6 ft toll, bolled ond burlopped Choose from Bartlett, Garber. 
Improved kiefftr, Kieffer ond Leconte These or* beormg sue. 
$79\. 
2 
PEACH TREES 

 for 15 
OO 

Approx 6 ft toll, balled ond burlapped Choose from Elberta J H 
Hale. Keystone, Leona, Melba. Polios, Sam Houston, Babcock, 
Early Elberta. Hole Hoven, luttichau, Chilow, Dixie Red ond 
Mayflower 
$1 coo 
♦or 
7 ” « 
2. *15 

PLANT A FAST G RO W IN G HEDGE 

UGUSTRUM JAPONICA well rooted plant 
19*oo IO tor* 1.85 

UGUSTRUM lorget, growing in I gallon con l 1 .4 9 # * 1 o for ’ I 2 .5 o 

CALIFORNIA PRIVET 
_ 

24 to 3o toll 
79 *o. I Ofo» 6.9o 

ARMOUR RIVER PRIVET 
4 to 6 ft toll, bushy t e e n i n 
$ I A r A growing in I gallon can 
* 1 .4 9 # * 
I U for 
1 2 . D U 

PLANT YOUR SPRING BULBS NOW 
FOR BEST RESULTS 

ARMARYLUS BULBS 
7 9 ' •* 

TUBEROSE BULBS 3per pkg 
11.19 pkg. 

DAHUA BULBS All colors individually pkgs 6 9 ' pkg. 

ELEPHANT EAR BULBS 
3 9 ' pkg. 

CANNA BULBS All colors . 3 per pkg ... 
*1.19 pkg. 

PHITZER DWARF CANNA ROOT 
AM colors 2 per pkg.................................1.1 9 pkg. 
CALLA UUY BULBS White, yellow or pink *1 .1 9 .* 

TUBEROSE BEGONIA BULBS 
Cornotion, Novelty hanging .................... 1 .1 9 pkg. 

SHADE TREES 
WE HAVE A BRAND NEW SELECTION 
REG $6 98 I V 98 
Balled 5 Burlapped trees Choose from; 
ARIZONA ASH, COTTONLESS COTTONWOOD. 
MAPLE 
LEAF 
MULBERRY e w e . e t 
. . . . . 
‘6’*™ 2.«*13° 
YO UR CHOICE 

HARDY DECORATIVE PALM 

Ideal y a rd o r c o n ta in e r. 

WINDMILL PALM 3o to 36 toll ond os bushy * 6 . 9 8 
PHOENIX CANARIENSIS 
Ornamental Dot* Palm 
3o to 36 toll 
o.9 8 

PLANTING SANO, approx o bu 
M .4 9 bog 

TOP SOU, ideal for planting, SO lb bog 
* 1 .9 9 m kN 

POTTING SOU, SO lb sock........................... * 2 .9 9 **<k 

COW MANURE. Guaranteed weed ft**, SO lh sock ’ 1.99 seek 

SHEEP MANURE, well rotted. SO lb sock 
* 1 .9 9 sock 

 b t u 

RIO. $2.98 
FRUIT TREES 

Plum or Pooch .. J year old, 3 to 
4 ft toll 

$ I 2 § aa. 
UMIT 4 
(Clip ond bring this coupon) 
(Good Fit, Sot, Sun ond Mon) 

USUAL $2.So 

CHINA DOU ROSE BUSH 

 low growing, p in k blooming, growing m I gallon con 

* I * ° e n . 
UMH 4 

(Clip ond bring this coupon) 
(Good Fn, Sot. Sun ond Mon) 

FORMERLY $3.39 

CHRYSANTHEMUM PUNTS 

All colors, I to 4 plonts to pot 
These ort cut backs 
SOUI. UMIT S pots 
(Clip ond bring this coupon) 
(Good f n, Sat, Sun. end Mon) 

Vance gets approval 

ASSOCIATED pet ss 
W ASHINGTON 
- 
Without a dissenting word, the Senate For­ eign R ela tio n s C om ­ mittee gave its appro­ val F rid ay to Cyrus 
Vance to becom e s e ­ cretary of state when the Carter administra­ tion a s s u m e s pow er next week. 

The vote endorsing the 
59-year-old Wall Street lawyer and foreign and military policy adviser to 
Presidents Kennedy and 
Johnson was unanimous. 

7 will come com pletely clean with you, I f I am inform ed, I will not m islead you * 

Eight senators were pre­ sent when 
Committee 
Chairman John Sparkman, 
D-Ala., turned to Sen. 
Charles H. Percy, R-Ill., and asked if he cared to offer a motion approving the Vance appointment. 
Percy said he’d be happy to but was willing to defer to one of the Democrats. 
“ Well, why don’t we all move,” quipped Sparkman. 
Thus, Vance got off to an amicable start with a com­ mittee that has often feuded 
Blacks are split on 
Bell record 

W ASHINGTON POST SERVICE 
W ASHINGTON 
- 
The Senate Judiciary 
C o m m itte e ’s c o n fir ­ m ation h ea rin g s on 
A ttorney G eneral-de- signate Griffin B. Bell continued Friday with black leaders taking sharply differing posi­ tions on his civil rights record. 
Bell has become the most controversial of President­ elect Jim m y Carter’s ca­ binet choices because of disputes about his role in the South’s desegregation battles when he was an 
Atlanta lawyer and a fe­ deral appeals court judge. 
Committee sources said 
Boll will be recalled for further testimony Monday, and added that they hope to conclude the hearings then 
However. tht»y added, the committee has still not made a decision about when it will vote on Bell. 
‘Not the best’ 
At Friday's fourth day of hearings, Georgia state 
Sen. Julian Bond recalled 
Carter’s slogan. “ Why not the hest?” and added: 
“ Judge Bell is not the best.” 
Although Bond stopped short of saying he opposes 
B e ll’s confirmation, he said. " I think Judge Bell could make a good attorney general. But upon reading the testimony that has gone before, he’s going to have to prove it to me.” 
In 19KH, Bell, then a judge of the Fifth U.S. Circuit 
Court of Appeals, ruled against Bond, who had ap­ pealed the Georgia legisla­ ture's refusal to seat him because of his statements against the Vietnam war. 
The Supreme Court later reversed Bell, and during the hearings. Bell has ad­ mitted that he made the wrong decision. 
Bond said Friday that he 

 bitterly with secretaries of state in Democratic and 
Republican adm inistra­ tions. 
Secretary of State Henry 
A. Kissinger, whom Vance will succeed, once enjoyed the enthusiastic support of the 
Foreign 
Relations 
Committee. But in recent times, committee members have complained that Kis­ singer failed to keep Con­ gress informed and operated with excessive secrecy. 

Won’t mislead 

Obviously aware of the panel’s attitude toward 
Kissinger, Vance told the committee during a full day of testimony on Tuesday that “ I will come comple­ tely clean with you. If I am informed, I will not mislead you.” 
One of the touchiest is­ sues that arose during the 
Vance confirmation hear­ ing was his role as an ad­ viser to Lyndon B. .Johnson during the Vietnam War. 
Vance served as secretary of the 
Army and undersecretary of defense during the Kennedy and 
Johnson administrations. 
During the Johnson ad- 

C Y R U SVANCE 
. . . unanimous OK 

 ministration, members of the 
Foreign 
Relations 
Committee, led by the then-chairman J. William 
Fulbright, D-Ark., became disenchanted with U.S. in­ volvement in Vietnam. The conflict between the com­ mittee and Johnson and his top foreign and m ilitary policy advisers grew in­ creasingly bitter. 
War an error 

When Vance was asked this week about the war, he replied, “ In the light of hindsight, I believe it was a mistake to have intervened in Vietnam.” 

He said the United States had erred in trying to prop up a regime that lacked popular support. He said this nation also had suf­ fered from a mistaken belief that it possessed^ un­ limited military power' 
Looking ahead to the 
Carter administration for­ eign policy, Vance said, 
“ We must stand for human rights, without interven­ tions.” 
He also pledged that in nearly all cases, the Carter administration would deny military and economic aid to nations that violate human rights. 
Arms control 
A view of one of the problems Vance will con­ front when he takes office was presented to the com­ mittee on Friday by Ford administration arms con­ trol official Fred Ikle. 
Ikle testified immediate­ ly after the vote on Vance and he told the committee that Soviet intransigence was the principal reason greater progress had not been made in the Strategic 
Arms 
Limitation 
Talks 
(SALT). 
Ikle warned the incoming administration not to become “ frustrated or overanxious” in pursuit of a disarmament agreement. 
“ We must be careful not to overdramatize SALT.” he 

JULIAN BOND 
. . . ‘Bell’s a turkey’ 

 bore “ no malice” toward 
Bell over the decision. But, he insisted that the case was an important one be­ cause it involved First 
Amendment issues of free speech. 
“ In those troubled days when critics of the war turm'd to the federal courts to protect their right to ex­ press their views, most judges passed the test posed by that litigation,” 
Bond said. “ Judge Bell failed.” 
However. Bell won en­ dorsement from Roy Innis, national director of the 
Congress of Racial Equali­ ty. who said his organiza­ tion does not agree with the attitudes of “ the Washing­ ton-based barons” of older civil rights groups such as the NAACP 
Innis said he believed 
Bell would listen to the opinions of black groups other than the NAACP. 
He added: “ CORE does not intend to live in the past on Bell. We are willing to take a chance on the pre­ sent and the future.” 
Hit Innis 
Bond, who later talked with reporters outside the hearing room, called Innis 
“ an apologist for segregat­ ed schools.” As for Bell, 
Bond said, “ I don’t think he’s a bigot. He’s a tur­ key." 

Three for $143.1o 
R E G U L A R PRICE: T H R E E FO R $159.oo 
REDUCED 1o% during Storehouse Stock-Up 
Sale through Jan. 22 

Com plete three unit group of wall units as shown is regularly 5159. — now on sale for 
5143.1o. Each ready to assem ble unit is 12" deep, 3o" wide, 7 2 ” high and may be pur­ chased separately. Sixteen inch depth, extra shelves, and another m odel ottered at slightly higher prices. Vinyl clad finishes are white, chocolate brown, walnut, light or dark butcher block Finished natural elm veneer wood units are also available. All are reduced 
1o% through January 22nd. Master Charge, BankAm ericard or revolving charge plan. storehouse 

6547 San Pedro at the corner ot Jackson Keller (in V illage Fhaza) lei. 341-2281. 

PYRACANTHA 

[ Bed berried variety, glowing in I 

 i go! con 

9 
o 
' e a . 
LIMIT IO 

(Clip ond bring rim coupon) 
(Good In , lot, Sun ond Mon ) 

LAW N RAKE 

Get* to leos** ... 7o1" metal 
Im**, 4 ft wooden handle 

SO 
UMIT 2 

(Clip and bring thn coupon) 

(Good Fit, Sat, Sun ond Mon) 

RIO. 984 

WIRE HANGING BASKET 

8 ' diameter, with hangar. 

6 
o 
’ . 
UMIT 2 

((bp ond bring thn coupon) 
(Good Fit., Sot, Sun end Mon ) 
» Hsasaaw rn rn ucnaa rn rn vmnsatm 

REO. $2.99 

PAMPAS GRASS 

RIC. $1.49 

MICHIGAN RIAT 

Nigh ccid dork moist peat 
Large H cit. fool bog 

7 8 ! o UMIT 3 bags 

((hp ond bung thn coupon) 

 lorgt plants 
, . , bears while plumes . . growing in I gal con 

* 1 # o » . un,14 

((hp ond bring lim coupon) 
(Good Fn, Sat, Sun ond Mon) 

FORMERLY $3 oo 
QUEEN EUZABETH 
ROSEBUSH 

Grandtfiora pink .. growing in I gal con 

$ I 9 o e a . 
UMH 2 
((bp ond bung this coupon) 
(Good Fit, Sol, Sun end Mon) 
(food lr,, Sal, Sun ond Mon ) 

I 
OPEN: 9:oo a m. to 6:oo p.m. MONDAY THRU SATURDAY - SUNDAY 1o:oo o.m. to 6.-oo p.m. 
| 
E 

WOLFE 
NURSERIES! 

■ . I 5o7 RUIZ 2. 7oo7 SA N PEDRO AVE. 
» 
37oo B R O A D W A Y 4. 6714 SO. FIO RES 
•...ll 34 PAT BOOKER RD . U N IV ER SA L CITY 
81o2 PERRIN B f ITFI oo 

WIDTH 
8 
8 * 
9 
9 V, 
IO 
IO 1. l l 
11**11 

A A A 
X 
X 
X x I 
AA 
X 
X 
X 

B 
X 
X 
X 
X 
X 
X x I 

C 
X 

D 
X 

ANO M ANY OTHER 
HARO TO FIND SIZES 

SAVE FROM 
*22 TO *32 
AT PIX! 

• o 9 4 S . W . M I L I T A R Y D R I V E 
, (sh<w. „ ary Md, Across from Soon) 
9 2 3 - 9 8 3 7 

Carter appoints top aides 

J.B. Todd, left, and H arry F a yo n sk y are show n during their meeting last A ugu st reaching for a bottle of 1 9 3 7 
C alifornia wine. Todd died W e d n e sd a y night, m aking 
Fayonsky, as sole survivor of the W a lh alla, S.C ., Last 
M a n Club the w inner of the bottle. The tw o men were the last of the thirteen W o rld W a r I veterans w ho form ed the club 4 o years ago. — A P W ire p h o to 

San Antonio E X P R E S S -N E W S — 
Saturday January I 5 I 9 7 7 

ONLY ms 
SPECIALS 

W A S H IN G T O N s t a r SERVICE 

WASHINGTON 
— 
President-elect 
J im m y 
Curter, w a itin g la ter than any p resid en t in recent m e m o r y . F rid ay n am ed Kl lo n g tim e associates as his top W hite House aides. 

Must of the appointments had been predicted earlier 

 i i i the press. It ap pears that two of the most influential aides will he Hamilton Ior­ dan. '.YI. Carter's Campaign m a n a g e r , who will be a s ­ s i s t a n t to the P r e s i d e n t a n d . a c c o r d i n g to an i n ­ formed source, se nior ad* visor without specific a d ­ mi nisi ra t ive r e s p o n s i b i ­ lities. and Robert Lipshutz. 
34. c a m p a i g n t r e a s u r e r . who will he counsel to the 
P resid ent and function as chief of staff, although lie will not hold that title 
Powell 
The third influential a d ­ v i s e r will he .Jody Powell whom C a r te r ha s a lr e a d y n a m e d to he p r e s s s e c r e ­ t a r y an d to s u p e r v i s e speochwrittng. 
Among others nam e d by 
C a r te r F r i d a y a r e S tu a r t 
Ei/eiistat. 33. his campaig n issues director, as assistant to the President for policy and planning; F ra nk Moore as s p e c i a l a s s i s t a n t for congressional liaison; T im 
Kraft, his cam pa ig n d ire c ­ tor of field operations and organizer of his Iowa c a m ­ paign, which gave him his initial victory, as appoint­ ments secretary. 
Also. Margaret Costan/a. mavor of Rochester. N Y . 

MAW;ARFT COSTANZA 

 as s p e c i a l a s s i s t a n t for public liaison with public interest groups; .lames B. 
King. cam pa ign trip direc­ tor. as special assistant for 
White House personnel; J o ­ seph VV. Aragon, head of the 197H D em o c ra ts' voter r e g i s t r a t i o n d r i v e , a s 
• W hit e H o u se d o m e s t i c o m b u d s m a n ; " Mrs Leon­ ard Mitchell as special a s ­ sistant to the President for special p rojects , a n d M a ­ deline McKean as assistant to Mrs. Carter. 
Hacking Brown 
(’a r t e r is a ls o b a c k i n g 
Ken B ro w n , 3K, a b la c k 
Georgia state legislator and one of hts e a r l i e s t s u p ­ porters, to be deputy ch air­ man of the Democratic Na­ tional C o m m i t t e e , to r e ­ p la ce B asil P a t e r s o n ol 

New York, another black 
Brown, a graduate of tin 
H o w a r d U n i v e r s i t y Law 
School, has been chairm an of the black cau cu s in tin ti e o r g i a s t a t e leg isla tu re and was vice c h a ir m a n ol the* G eorg ia de lega tion ti th e 
1972 
D e m o c r a t ie 
National Convention. 
C a r t e r had a l r e a d y n o ­ m i n a t e d Z b ig n iew B r / e 
/inski as his as sis tant for n a ti o n a l s e c u r i t y a f f a ir s a n d C h a r l e s S c h u l t z ? a- ehairman of the Council of 
Economic Advisers. 
Brzezinski and Schultz? a r e c a b i n e t level appointees. 
C a rte r has re versed tin p r e v i o u s s e q u e n c e of a p ­ pointm ents i i i n a m in g his cabinet officers before bis 
White House stall 
Richard Nixon appointed his top White House aides 

 i i i mid-November after Ins election in N ovem ber IWN and John F. Kennedy had named most of his by early | 
December. 
Reverse trend 
Powell said this reflected 
C a r t e r ’s d e t e r m i n a t i o n to reverse the recent flow ol power to the White House and return it to the cabinet departments. 
T h e r e w a s s p e c u l a t i o n , however, that the ap poin t­ m e n t s ha d b e e n d e l a y e d s o m e w h a t b e c a u s e a top c a m p a i g n a i d e , 
G r e g 
Schneider*}, who was rn line to be White Houoe appoint­ me nts secreta ry , removed himself from consideration because of personal finan­ cial irregularities 
J o r d a n w a s c a m p a i g n vouth c o o r d i n a t o r in 
C arter’s first gubernatorial cam pa ign i i i I W W 
He m a n a g e d C a r t e r ’s s u c c e s s f u l c a m p a i g n for gove rnor in 197(1 and was 
C arte r’s executive se c re ­ tary. 

I i i 1974 lie was campa ign director for the Democratic 
National C om m ittee while 
Carter was heading D emo­ c r a t i c e l e c t i o n e f f o r t s across the country — and laving groundwork for his campaign for the presiden­ tial nomination. 
Sorensen job periled 

W A SH IN G TO N A O M SAR VICI 
WASHINGTON — Theodore Sorensen's nomina­ tion to be CIA director has been jeopardized by an atlidavit he filed in the Ellsberg case saying he used classified data in writing books. 

A prominent Democrat in the Senate says Re­ publican mem bers of the Intelligence Committee, which opens confirmation hearings on Sorensen 
Munday. "were upset even before this came up and now some Democrats were upset.’’ 

 te x FLAT t e paint 

1/2 Price 
Interior Latex 
Flat Paint 

Regular 
$ 3 .9 9 
I 99 

Gallon 

Interior flat paint dries quickly, tools clean up with soap, water. W hite Only. 
While quantities last. 

• P aint departm ent 

Propane Fuel 
Cylinder 
19 
SPECIAL 
PURCHASE 
I 

Fits Sears torches, most other makes. 
Holds 14.1 ounces by weight. Buy now at this low price. Saturday only! 

• H a rd w a re departm ent 

SATURDAY 
LAST DAY 

 of our JA N U A R Y 

HARDWARE 
SALE! 

SAVE ON: 

• Power Tools • Mowers 
• Garden Tools • Special 
Tool Groups • Paint 
• Paint Sprayers • Fencing 
• Garden Tractors • Heating and Air Conditioning 
Equipment • Water Heaters 

These are just a few of the many sale priced items. 

SAVE 
37% 

Automatic Timers 
Both for Only 
88 
S I 8 . 9 R if 
Purchased 
Separately l l 

A. Automatic timer, plug in appliances, then plug into outlet. 24-hour repeat. 
B. Set on/off times you want, repeats cycle every 24 hours. UL listed, 11o-12o v., AC. Special Purchase. 

• Elertriral department 

1/2 Price 

Light Bulbs 
49° 
Bulbs per 
Package 
Regular 99* pkg. of 2 

C h oose 4o, 6o, 75 or 1oo-w att light bulbs for glare-free lighting. Stock up now at this low price! 
• Electrical departm ent 

SAVE 5o% to 62% 
Boys' Knit Shirts 

$ 2 .9 9 -1 3 .9 9 in I97f> Fall 
Catalog 
I 49 

Crewneck knit shirts o f 5 o ' < polyester and 5 o r L cotton. Short sleeve styles in assorted colors and patterns. Sizes 8-14. 

• Boys* Sh op 

Print tops and Shirts 

SPECIAL 
PURCHASE 288 

C la s s ic ta ilo r e d s h ir ts , sm o ck c u t blouses or fashionable big top. All in colorful, Polyester and cotton prints. 
Sizes 32 to 38. 

• TI om en ’h Budget Sh op 

SAVE 13% to 35% 
Vinyl Shades 

2 
8 8 
Regular $ I. 49 
37'AxO-ft. long 

L in en -look vinyl sh a d es in ivory or white colors. Easy to wipe clean. 
U P A x b -fl., reg. $ 7 . 9 o ........................... o .8 8 
.55'Axb-ft., reg. $1 1 .4 9 ......................... o .88 
O T 'A xO ft., reg. $ 1 4 . o o ....................... 12.88 
7.4'Axb ft., reg. $ 1 8 . o o ......... 
15.88 
• Shade* — D rapery departm ent 

Gold-color Metal 
Picture Frames 
2 J* I 

SPECIAL PURCHASE 
G old-color m etal fram es with trellis design. Hang your favorite photo on the wall or use easel back for desk. 
Assorted sizes. 
• fr a m e * — -Stationery departm ent 

SPECIAL PURCHASE, though not reduced, is an exceptional value. 
CHARGE IT on Searh Revolving Charge 
Sale price* iii effect Saturday, January la only. 

S t AK*, HOEHL') H ANO I O. 
Where America shops 

Satisfaction Guaranteed or Your Money Huck 

U w w n le» ii C ista M ore 
Soledad al Ssvarro 
Mow and 7hur» (N3Q-9 
Ail ol ber day* 1 .3 I H 

M ilit a r y l i m e S to re a l P t e a ^ n io n Kit. 
M o n th ru * a l 
9;3U-9 

I - i i l r al C a rli S to r e 

''a n P e d r o a i l .o o p t i l l 
M o n t h r u * a l. 

9 ; 4 U ‘I 

San Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— Saturday January I 5 I9 7 7 

■ 
H 
M 

A NEW YEAR 
A NEW LOOK 

Cannon's "Tasman Pearl" ensemble $2 to $6 off! 

Twin flat or fitted sheet, Reg. $8 

Full flat/fitte d sheet, $1o ................ 7.99 
Queen fla t/fitte d sheet, $13 ........ 1o.99 
King flat/fitted sheet, $16 ........... 13.99 
Standard cases (pr.), $7 .................. 5.99 
King cases (pr.), $ 8 ........................... 6.99 
Bath towel, $ 6 ................................... 4.99 
Full quilted comforter, $5o, ............ 39.99 
Hand towel, $4 ................................. 2.99 
Queen/king comforter, $6o .......... 49.99 
Washcloth, $4 ................................... 1.39 
Stnd. pillow sham, $ 1 5 ................... 12.99 

From Cannon's Royal Family, an Asian paisley in sandelwood on beige. No-iron percale sheets, 5o% cotton/5o% polyester fiberfill and thread reversible loop terrycloth. All are machine washable/dryable. 

 save up to $15 on 

Wamsutta® draperies! 
19.99 tw in size reg. $3o 

72"x84", reg. $55 ............... 39.99 
96"x84", reg. $65 ............... 49.99 
Patio panel, reg. $7o .......... 54.99 

Wamsutta proudly presents "San Francisco," an open weave casual drapery of heavy ribbed malimo in natural, brick, brown, or charcoal tones with color woven into the fabric. The luxury look with the simple touch to create that warm, comfortable atmosphere you associate with home. Top quality at fabulous price reductions. 
Draperies 

 sunny "D ior Iris" decorator ensemble ... sensational value 
9.99 
Twin flat or fitted 
Sheet, Reg $12 

King flat or fitted, $ 2 4 ............. 
$2o 
Stnd. cases (pr.), $12 ................ 
9.99 
King cases, $16 ......................... 
13.99 
Full comforters, $6o .................. 
49.99 
Queen/king comforters, $8o ... 
69.99 
Stnd. pillow sham, $ 1 3 ............. 
1o.99 
King pillow sham, $15 .............. .... 12.99 
Full flat or fitted, $14 ..................... 11.99 
Queen flat or fitted, $18 ............... 15.99 

Wamsutta's designer sunshine yellow floral on snow white background no-iron supercale plus sheet in 2oo thread count of 5o% Fortrel4, polyester/5o% cotton. Designed by Marc 
Bohan for Christian Dior. 

 something new for your table . . table skirts at great savings! 
U 

G 
O 
7o" round 
# 7 7 
Reg $18 

9o" round, reg. $26 ...................................... 22.99 
Matching napkin, reg. 1.5o............................ 1.39 

Add some decorator magic to any room with table skirts in seven smart patterns! 

 three beautiful design, famous maker towels at low prices! 

Bath towels 
• W w 
Reg $4 

Hand towels, reg. $ 3 ................................ 
1.99 
Washcloths, reg. 1.3o............................ 
99v 

Cannon's "Chalet", "Fern Rose" by Jacquard and 
Fieldcrest's "Fragrance" at the same low prices! 

»%.x 

 i 

’ rn m Nm 

 save on "Ripple" geometric design rugs made by Evan 
2o *33", reg. $8 
U U contour, reg $8 
• * 
" 
26" round, reg. $8 
27"x44", reg. $14 ....................................... 11.99 
Stnd. lid cover, $5 3.99 Jumbo lid cover, $6, 4.99 
Polyester rugs with knotted fringe borders. Skid resistant woffle bocks. Machine woshable/dryable. 

 table— save $15! 
54.95 
Reg. 69.95 

O fficial size (5x9') famous Super Brute Model table with 3/a inch playing surface, 
I inch steel folding legs, casters and one person practice play back feature! 

Table-tennis set, 4 5-ply foam paddles, 2 balls, rules, $13.95..................... 
1o.95 
Men's and ladies warm-up suits, many styles, $28.95 to $45 
22 95 t i * 
All fishing lures, 1.29 to 1.89 .......................................... .............. 

••••;•............................ ................... pa*i,.'for 
$ i 
ADIDAS Olympia all-purpose sport shoe, 24.95 .............. 
18 95 
Basketball backboard and goal, 34.95 .............................. 
24 95 
Basketball hoop and net, 7 .9 5 ...................................................... 
4 os 
I IO# barbell set ............................................................................................. 
19 95 
Junior size warm up suits ...................................................................... 22.5o to 19 95 

Some quantities lim ited. 

Sporting Goods, not at Military Plaza 

SHOP DILLARD'S M O N D A Y THRU SATURDAY IO A .M . to 9 P.M.: NO RTH, CENTRAL PARK; SOUTH, MILITARY PLAZA; NORTHEAST, W IN D S O R PARK 

 rollaway official 

 size table-tennis 

San Antonio E X P R E S S -N E W S — 
Saturday January 15 1977 

GRIMM y o u r com plete p r o fe s s io n a l g a rd e n c e n te r 

NORTHEAST du n baht • jo-a w 
NORTHWEST r * ^ * ^ 

 m n i f 23 Sin Ftdr** 
»To4l«nA #reM . 
[ n . 344 457* 
. i i - 
WI. 434-4 M ! 
J 

DORMANT 
SPRAY 

SUMMER 
OIL 

DO RM AN T SPRAY 
* 

Beautiful • heavy * developed fleet. 5*6 t ft., 7 8 ft large Selective Varieties of; 
I 
Peaches, Peart, Plumt, Apricots, (harriet, 
" 
Figs, Nectarines A Persimmons. 

NOW 

 fe. PECAN TREES 
Fresh Arrival Bast P ap er - Shell I 
V arieties For San A ntonio ond Sur- J rounding A reas. 
C H O O SE F R O M 
★ CHOCTAW A STUART 
* ? * MOHAWK * SUCCESS A CHEROKEE1 

Rudy Says: 

NOW IS THE TIME 

I TO FEED YOUR TREES ferti-lome 

TREE AND SHRUB 

■ 
FOOD! 
\ 
MAKES TREE 

. 
FEED ING EASY! 

NO HOLES TO DIG— 

Has Penetrating Action 

TREE & SHRUB FOOD 
2o-ib. $4 g r 
BAG 
" T * # J r *8.95 

Daffodils, 
Hyacinths, 
Tulips, 

Dutch Iris, Easter Lillies, etc 

BEDDING PLANTS 
★ PANSIES 
• Caleedwtes 
• Aly roe 
• (MffciHuV* 
• Frtwiim 

EXTRA LARGE-BEARING SIZE 

I VV’ Full, Elberta Peaches 
IVV’ Full, Hale Haven Peaches 
I VV* Full Sam Houston Peaches 
I VV’ Full Santa Rosa Plums 
I Vi” Full Bruce Plums. 

YOUR 
CHOICE 

ARE YOUR PLANTS READY FOR FALL 
AND WINTER? 

BUY NOW 
YOUR CHOICE 

^ C O U P O N 
I 
*""!)gf c i N A 
J] MARGINIATA 
It s (Mtome. i«d fottap 
{ 
Ihn,«s oieMtnt hk»oo»\ i M 
S 
*3 " tc______mm t 

BOXWOODS 
J re I im ok* dean to* Im (Hooting I pknte hut 
H Cle w 
3 9 llAAft T 8 t / f l . O e 

PEAT MOSS 
IS* SI Aud teat hi molttttfsg or MfnphotMig 
•*t 
| | (7 
W/COUFON 
* 1 

Dillard: 
SATURDAY 

11 - HOUR 

CARPET 

SALE 

IO 
9 
A 
M 
P M 

BUY 3 YARDS 
GET I YARD FREE 

U.S. jury probes 
Helms for perjury 

NEW YORK TIMES SERVICE 
W A SH IN G T O N - Tho 
Ju stice Department has formally notified an attor­ ney for Richard Helms that the former director of the 
Central 
Intelligence 
Agency and ambassador to 
Iran is a target of a federal grand jury investigation. 
Ju s tice 
Departm ent sources said Friday. 
The grand jury, which is meeting here, reportedly is hearing allegations that 
Helms and officials of the 
International Telephone and Telegraph Corp. were involved in a conspiracy to fabricate and coordinate the statements they made during a 197:1 Senate inves­ tigation into ITT and CIA activities in Chile. 
Perjury 
A Ju s tic e Departm ent source fam ilia r with the case said 
F rid a y that 
Helm s faces possible charge's of perjury and ob­ struction of justice, both of which are felonies. lh' said Edward Bennett 
W illiam s, the Washington attorney who represents 
Helms, was notified within the past week that Helms is a target of the probe 
W illiam s did not return several calls to his office 
Friday, and Helms could not be reached for com ­ ment. 
The formal notification followed a New York Times story which reported on 
Dee. 2J that the grand jury was focusing on the acti- 
\ ities of Helms and two ITT officials, Harold S. Geneen, the corporation’s president, and John A 
McCone, a m em ber of the board of directors who also served as CIA chief from 19H1 to 
1995. 
The story quot'd a high- level source as describing 
Helms as being the “ p ri­ mary target” of the grand jury. 
Preliminary 
A grand jury investiga­ tion is preliminary to any indictment, and does not necessarily result in one. A number of crim in a l law yers, however, said 
Frid ay that in investiga­ tions as extensive as this one has been. it would he unusual to notify a person he was a target if serious thought had not been given to prosecution. 
Two sources fa m ilia r with the case stressed F ri­ day it was not likely any indictment could he handed lip before January 2o, and that the investigation would continue into the C arter administration 

“ It’s been very, very dif­ ficult.” said one person fa­ m ilia r with th(‘ investigation. 
The basic structure of the 
C IA makes it difficult to tract1 the flow of paper or to reconstruct a decision­ making process, he said, and Justice Department in­ vestigators have had groat difficulty in trying to es­ tablish “ just what pieces of paper and just what people he had access to.” 
In short, it has been dif­ ficult to establish that 
Helms know certain facts his subordinates knew, and actually read m aterials prepared for his use. 
Declassify 
One source said tin' investigation also had been slowed by the arduous and time-consuming proce­ dures required to declas­ sify some of the needed do­ cumentary evidence. 
The issue of possible perjury and obstruction of justice centers on a series of hearings in March and 
April, 1973, by the Senate 
Foreign R elation s Com ­ mittee’s subcommittee on 
Multinational (Corporations, 

KU H ARI) H ELM S 
. . . ex-CIA head 

 w hich w as headed by Frank 
Church, D-Idaho. 
O fficials from IT T and the CIA testified repeatedly there had been no ex­ changes of in telligence information or other covert contacts between then con­ cerning Chile, 
In 1975, however, the 
Senate Intelligence Com­ mit tee. which also w ifs headed by Church, obtained information that ITT, after 

 obtaining advice from the 
CIA on how to proceed-, pro\ ided $35o,ooo in cash to a conservative opponent of 
Salvador Allende,* a M arx­ ist whose election as presi­ dent in 197o was opposed both by the United States government and American corporations with business interests in Chile. 
The Senate Intelligence 
Committee investigation also disclosed the CIA had a major*secret operation of its own during that period, and had funneled more than $8 million to help op­ ponents of Allende, who died during a coup dc etat in September 1973. 
Contradict 
This disclosure appeared to contradict testim ony 
Helms had given at another 
Senate hearing, when he responded to a question about whether tile CIA had caused any money to he passed to Allende’s oppon­ ents by saying “ No sir ” 
Helms, who resigned his post in Iran at the end of last year, had been under investigation by the Justice 
Department for nearly two years. 

Happiness is I I hours of 

Dillard’s carpeting savings 

Walk softly and carry a big savings. Listen to your floors when they tell you to cover up for comfort and convenience. Trip lightly through our fantastic savings during Dillard's exciting I I hour carpet bonanza. Select from over 8 o o colors and dozens of distinctive styles, and receive a yard free for every 3 yards you purchase. Prices are good only during these I I hours, so run, don’t walk, for happy feet and contented floors. * Price does not include pad and installation. 

Carpet, not at Military Plaza. 

SHOP DILLARD’S MONDAY THRU SATURDAY, IO ’TIL 9: NORTH, CENTRAL PARK; 

SOUTH, MILITARY PLAZA; AND NORTHEAST, WINDSOR PARK. 

Bill will seek tax relief on property 

MRK! 5b N EW S CAN TOI BUREAU 
A U S T IN - Two state repr (‘sen tat Ives — one from 
San Antonio and the other from New Braunfels — are sponsoring a hill that would allow school districts to re- ducc property taxes. 
Rep. Roil Bird of San 
Antonio and Bennie Bock II of New Braunfels are ex­ pected to file the hill in the 
House Monday. 
Under its provisions one 
(•(•lit of the state sales tax would Im* d e d ic ate d to an 
“ Ad Valorem Tax Relief 
Fund.” 
School year 
Beginning with the 
1977-78 sch(Mil year, the hill proposes each school dis­ trict would he able to re­ ceive money front this fund. 
The money would have to be used exclusively for m aintenance and opera­ tions in the district. 
School districts receiving such funds would I hen Im* required to reduce their ad valorem tax income by an equal amount. 
“ This hill will give the people of Texas relief from their increasingly heavy tax burden,** B ird said 
Friday. 
He said It will he espe- dally helpful to senior citi­ zens who have paul for the education of school c h il­ dren for several genera­ tions with their tax dollars. 
Funds 
“ it would make me happy to he able to take funds from one regressive lax and use them to reduce another regressive tax 
“ In this way we can give taxpayers a break and in­ sure schools have the funds they need to operate — all without the need for new taxes,” Bird concluded. 

Vv v ,W . 
L U M 

Son Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— Saturday January 15 1977 

2 price 
PRINT SCARVES ON-THE-SQUARE 

A fling of scanning for all your costum es. Select group of assorted colors, patterns. 
$ 1 ..* 2 
REG. $2-$4 

We’re clearing out, you clean up. 
MEN’S SPORT SHIRTS 
AT 5o% SAVINGS 
$5to$1o 

R E G . n O - ^ O 
Solids, fancies and prints in an array of popular fabrics. Long sleeves. S- 
M-L-XL. Don’t miss out on these great buys. 

JV-fcrA ' 
A 

 quantities 
Value 
CATALOG OVERSTOCK BEDSPREADS 
Solids, prints, quilted, che­ nille, more! In twin, frilly queen and king sizes. As­ sortment varies in stores.Regular price 
5o%off 

EXERCISER FOR THE FAMILY. 
Exercise almost all your 
o 4 4 muscles in just minutes per day. Instruction book. 
^ 
^ 

AAC 
»( )/VAEKV 

I "A V A I N 
U 
Storewide clearance! 

Lim ited quantities. Be here early for best selections. 

WOMENSWEAR 

1.12 off 
MISSES’ SUPPORT 
PANTYHOSE 
288 
REGULARLY *4 
Nvlon. Awst’d shades. 

25% off 
MISSES’ SHORT 
FASHION JACKETS 

4 3 75to1 1 2 
REG 565-515o 
Genuine leathers. 

5o 

 j 1 5 to3 3 75 
25% OFF! AFTER-5 LONG DRESSES 
Special group. Reg. $2o-$45 ................... 
25% OFF! DRESSES & PANTSUITS 
Misses, half sizes. Select group. 
Reg. $!7-$45 ......................................... 

25% OFF! MISSES’ SPORTSWEAR 
- 75 
75 
Select group. Reg. 9.oo 25.oo .............. 6 
To I O ' 

1 2 7St o 3 3 
75 

MENSWEAR BUYS 

MEN’S 58-512 DRESS SHIRTS 
Long sleeves. Solids, patterns ..................-..... 
* 
»/i PRICE! GROUP MEN SLACKS 
Asst’d. styles, sizes, colors. 
/.so i 
Reg. 13.oo-19.oo ........................- ..............~ O 
JoU 
'/i PRICE! MEN’S SPORT COAT GROUP $<>A 
$~ - 
Many styles, colors, sizes. Reg:- 
7o.oo dbl/To 3 o 

88 

5o 

SAVE ON YARD GOODS 

SPECIAL GROUP OF REMNANTS 
Wide selection. Now reduced............ 
1/2 OFF 

SAVE ON FALL FASHION FABRICS 
Polyester, cotton, blends. 45 6o"w. 
Reg. 1.49 4.99 ......................................... 
122 
o97 
I 
To A h 

 l/2 Price 
MISSES’ BRA 
ASSORTMENT 

 l 75r o 3 5o 
REG 3.5o-$7 
Discontinued st vies. 

Save V2 
MISSES’ SLIP 
ASSORTMENT 

1 75to3 2S 
REG. 3.5o-6.5o 
Full, hall slips. 

CHILDRENSWEAR 

CHILDRENSWEAR CLEARANCE! 
Assorted dresses, tops and slacks. Not all sizes in all styles. Sizes 2-6x....................... 
25-5o% 
OFF 
FAMILY SHOE SALE 

*/2 Price 
SPECIAL GROUP 
WOMEN’S 
SANDALS 

 l - V J 97 
REG. 3.99-516 
Assorted styles, sizes. 

42-5o% off 
WOMEN’S 
DRESSES, 
CASUAL SHOES 

3 97to 7 97 
REG 6.99-516 
Assorted styles, sizes. 

SAVE 3.11 ON MEN S & BOYS’ SKIPS* 
Cotton duck uppers, rubber soles. Reg. 7.99 .... 
4.oti 

GIRLSWEAR BUYS 

5o% OFFI GIRLS’ SPORTSWEAR 
Tops. Hants, sweaters, Girls' sizes 
7-14, Jr. Teens. 
Reg. 2.88-14.oo ................... ............ . 
14V 7 

BOYSWEAR BUYS 

3o% off 
ENTIRE STOCK 
OUTERWEAR 

H F r . l ? 5o 
REG 12.99-525 
Asst’d. styles, sizes. 

Save 25% 
CORDUROY AND 
BRUSHED JEANS 

5 " to 7 49 
REG 7.99-9.99 
Asst’d sizes, colors. 

33% OFF BOYS’ DENIM JACKETS 
Blue. Asst’d. sizes. Reg. H.99-9.99 ...... 
25% OFF! BOYS’ NO-IRON SPORT SHIR 
I Arn# sL prints, western. 1o-2o. Reg. 5.99-7.99 

3o% OFF PULLOVER KNIT SHIRTS 
Long si.; Asst’d sizes, styles. Reg. 7.99 ... 

5 ” t o6 
66 

TS* 
>9o49 _ g99 
Toi 

'59 

CHECK THESE VALUES 

*1o off 
CLASSIC GINGER 
JAR LAMP 

2 4 " 
REG. 34.99 
Colors. Vinyl shade. 

Save 25% 
OUR 9oo-WATT 
CURLING BRUSH 

1 4 " 
REG. 19.99 
Easy styling, drying. 

SAVE 4.11 ON JEWELRY BOX 
Self-rising tray. Regular 8.99 .......... 

KUI O FF 8-DAY CUCKOO CLOCK 
Hand carved. Regular 59.99 ................. 
ALL OTHER JEWELRY BOXES 
Now reduced.............. 
......... 

SAVE ON 14x5o-IN. DOOR MIRROR 
Walnut-look vinyl frame. Reg. 5.99..... 

____4“ 
49“ 

2 5 % OFF 

* 5 

Vt Price 
STERLING SILVER 
ZODIAC JEWELRY 

3 2St. 6 25 
REG. 6.5o-12.5o 
Earrings, necklaces, bre­ cht. 

25% off 
OLD MASTERS 
MINI-PICTURES 

I 49 
REG. 1.99 
Asst’d subjects. 

CURTAINS & DRAPERIES 

Vi Price 
ONE-OF-A-KIND 
CUSTOM DRAPERY 

5 o % off 
REG PRICES 
Also woven woods. 

99c off 
SAVE ON BRIGHT 
CHAIR PADS 

REG. 1.99 
I-inch foam cushion. 

FLOOR COVERING 

49% off 
SOLID VINYL 
FLOOR TILE 

1 6 ‘ e. 
REG 31 
Limited quantity 

Save *2 yd. 
VINYL FOAM- 
CORE FLOOR 
649 aq. yd. 
REG 8.49 
Never needs waxing. 

LII O FF NYLON PILE BATH CARPET 
Rubber hack. 6' width. Reg. 4.99 run. ft. ...... 
188 

FURNITURE VALUES 

Save *8o 
EA. AMERICAN 
RUSSET SOFA 

2 9 9 " 
REG. 379.99 
219.99 chair 
199.88 

*5o off. 
MODERN PLAID 
LOUNGER 

1 2 9 " 
REG 179.99 
Queen-size beds. 

59o OFF! 5-PC. DINETTE SET 
. q q 8 8 
Regularly 289.99. now only.................................. I If*/ 
SAVE 56o ON CORNER BAR 
- q q 8 8 
Bronze. Regularly 249.99, now ............................ 1 8 5 / 
SAVE 52o ON BAR STOOL 
- o88 
Copper stitch. Regular 79.99 .................................. 5 5 / 
517 OFF EARLY AMERICAN CHAIR 
- . 88 
Pine. Regularly 72.5o .................................„......... 5 4 

57o OFF EARLY AMERICAN BAR o a ft88 
Pine. Regular 319.99, now ................................... / 4 5 z 
85.oo Matching bar stool .......................................... 69.88 
51o O FF WALNUT-FINISH TABLES 
- q88 
Cocktail, hex or square. Reg. 69.99 each ........... 55/ 
53o OFF! DROPLEAF COCKTAIL TABLE q q 8 8 
Regularly 119.99, now only..................................... 8 5 / 
119.99 Trestle end table............................................ 89.88 
169.99 Dropleaf bar server table............................ 119.88 
SAVE 52o ON OCCASIONAL TABLES 
/? q 88 
Cocktail, hex, square. Reg 89.99 each ................. \>5/ 

Save *7o 
EA. AMERICAN 
LOVESEAT 

1 2 9 " 
REG 199.99 
Olive. Herndon11 olefin. 

*7o off 
QUEEN-SIZE 
SLEEP-SOFA 

3 9 9 “ 
REG. 469.99 
Chestnut brown. 

FURNITURE VALUES 

SAVE 55o ON MODERN CHAIR 
- . q88 
Chestnut brown. Regularly 199.99 ..................... A 4 5 / 
SAVE 55o ON ROCKER-RECLINER 
- - q88 
Ice blue. Regularly 199.99, now .......................... 1 4 5 / 
53o OFF BLACK SWIVEL ROCKER 
Q q 88 
Regularly 129.99, now reduced to ...................... — 5/5/ 
SAVE 55o ON SWIVEL ROCKER 
- A q88 
Nugget gold. Regularly 199.99 ............................ 1 4 5 / 
SAVE 52o ON SWIVEL ROCKER 
7 q 8 8 
Sea green. Regularly 99.99...................................... 7 5/ 
56o OFF! MODERN SWIVEL ROCKER q q SS 
Green or blue. Regular 159.99 ................................ 5/5/ 

SAVE 599! RIVIERA BEDDING SET 
- Q Q 76 
Full-size. Innerspring or foam. Reg. 299.9o....... I 5/5/ 
349.95 Queen-size set, now ..................................... 259.88 
499.95 King-size set, now ..................................... 389.88 

Save *5o 
TRADITIONAL- 
STYLE RECLINER 

1 9 9 “ 
REG 249.99 
Bark Brown. 

*2o off. 
MODERN VINYL 
SWIVEL ROCKER 

5 9 " 
REG. 79.99 
Diamond tufted back. 

SAVE ON OPEN STOCK BEDROOM 
Dark pine. All pieces reduced .............. 
2o% OFF 

OFFICE SUPPLIES 

SAVE $2oo! EARLY AMERICAN SOFA 
Rust color. Regularly 599.99, now ...................... 3 5 / 9 ^ 
299.99 Matching chair 
.................................. 199.88 

SAVE 518o! MODERN STYLE SOFA m n * * 
Chestnut brown. Regular 779.99 ......................... 5 5 /5 / 
649.99 Matching loveseat.......................................... 499.88 
199.99 Matching ottom an 
........................... 129.88 
Stoo OFF MODERN STYLE SOFA 
o „ 
H8 
Sable-look. Regular 499.99 .................................. J 5 /« / 
399.99 Matching loveseat 
.......................... 329.88 
279.99 Matching chair................................................199.88 

Save *5o 
TRADITIONAL- 
STYLE CHAIR 

1 4 9 “ 
REG 199.99 
Autumn Marigold. 

*4o off 
TR ADI ION AL 
ROCKER/RECLINER 

9 9 “ 
REG. 139.99 
Green vinyl. 

SAVE 57o! COUNTRY FRENCH SOFA 
o _ 
Rust color. Regularly 349.99 ............................... 375/ 
179.99 Matching chair............................................. 119.88 
159.99 Cocktail table ................................................. 99.88 
139.99 Matching end table...................... 
79.88 

SAVE 57o ON TRADITIONAL SOFA 
Q 
Q88 
Green. Regularly 449.99, now.............................. 3 7 5 / 
369.99 Matching loveseat........................................ 299.88 
229.99 Matching chair............................................. 179.88 
SAVE 55o ON ROCKER-RECLINER 
- 
Green. Regularly 249.99, now ....................... .... 1 5/ 5/ 
SAVE 55o! GINGER RUST CHAIR 
- - A88 
Regularly 229.99, now only.................................. 179 ^ 

Save *35 
8mm MOVIE 
PROJECTOR 

6 9 “ 
REG 1o4.99 
Model No. 8o5. 

Vi Price 
SINGLE DRAWER 
PLASTIC FILE 

1 4 " 
REG. 29.99 
Stackable. 

SAVE OVER 5o% ON THERMOMETER 
, K8 
Digital desk type. Reg. 3.99........................................ J 
53o OFF EXECUTIVE SWIVEL CHAIR 
* _ 88 
Regularly 99.99, now only ................................... o 9 

4.11 O FF HANIMEX POCKET CAMERA 
- oH« 
Simple. Takes Bk/wht. pictures. Reg. 16.99 ........ 1 3 
52o OFF Q555 SLIDE PROJECTOR rt88 
With full remote control. Reg. 1o9.99................... 89 
SAVE 99 ON PHOTO ALBUM 
. 
Refillable. Padded cover. Reg. 2.99............... 
2 

HOUSEWARES BUYS 

*/2 Price 
42” WIDE STEEL 
WARDROBE 

4 4 “ 
REG. 89 99 
With shelf. 

Save 5.1 
DELUXE 2- 
TOASTER/ 

3 9 * 
REG. 44 
Chrome pl, 

SAVE ON I-QT. MASON JARS 
Case of 12. Reg. 2.69-2.99 ............. 
_ £ 
SAVE IO.!I ON ELEC. FOOD SLICER 
Regularly 54.99, now only 
...............- .........- 44 

SAVE 1o.11 ON CROCKERY SKILLET 
_ 
„ 
Electric. Regularly 34.99, now 
.............. .... 2 4 

LIMITED QUANTITIES ON SOME ITEMS, SO HURRY! SORRY, NO PHONE OR C.O.D. ORDERS, PLEASE 

WONDERLAND MALL 
Fredericksburg Rd. at Loop 41o 
Open IO AJM. until 9 PJM. daily 

MCCRELESS MALL 
So. New Braunfels at Southcross 
Open IO A.M. until 9 P.M. daily 

M any item s also available at W ards Neighborhood Stores. 

WINDSOR PARK MALL 
IH 35 North at Walzem Road 
Open IO A.M. until 9 P.M. daily 

San Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS-— Saturday January 15 1 9 7 7 

Partially assem bled. 

SAVE *8o 

PO W R -KRAFT® IO'" RADIAL ARM SAW 
E fficien t 2o,ooo-R PM 
^ spindle for routing and 
3* shaping. Rips to 25Vfe in. 
REGULARLY $339.oo 
259 

White vinyl-clad cabinet 

2367 
SAVE *1oo 
CONTEMPORARY CONSOLE STEREO 
AM/FM/FM-stereo, 8-track 
O O recorder/player. Pull-out 
9 J drawer holds auto, changer. 
(M l %9 
REGULARLY 329.95 

D eluxe plastic cabw eL 

SAVE 
'3o 

11657 

DELUXE 16" DIAGONAL TELEVISION 
Big screen viewing, but 
OO portable, too. 1oo% solid 
| 
Jr Q o o state. U HF/V HF antennas. 
Regularly 159.95 

Save 15% to now! 

Look at these amazing bargains! Many more in the store! 

SPORTING GOODS 
BUILDING MATERIALS 
HARDWARE VALUES 
RANGES & OVENS 

Clearance 
ENTIRE STOCK 
TENNIS CLOTHES 
2o% OFF 
REG. PRICES 
Shorts, shirts, more. 

Save 7.11 
BOYS OR GIRLS 
Hl-RISE BIKE 

4 
2 
8 8 

REG. 49.99 
2o-inch models. 

SAVE ON POUR WOOL INSULATION 
IU-lh. hag. Regularly 2.99, now ....................... 

$3o OFF! BEN FRANKLIN FIREPLACE lh-in model. Regular 159.95 .......................... 

SPECIAL GROUP KITCHEN CABINETS 
Damaged, discontinued, now 
2o-5o% off 

...219 
12988 

1o.11 OFF! DELUXE 2o-IN 
Boys or girls model. Reg. 61.1 

4.11 OFF! STAN SMITH TEI1 
Regularly T9.99, now only 

SPECIAL! NCAA TENNIS SI 
Select group, now reduced 

S9o OFF! DELUXE FOOSBA 
Regularly 249.99. now only ... 

41-RISE BIKE 
- . g g 
>9.................... 
5 4 

"JNIS RACKET j g 88 

 rIOES n* 
2o% OFF 

LL I ABLE 
- j» q 88 

Clearance 
DISCONTINUED 
LUGGAGE 

2 o % 
OFF 
REG. PRICES 
Special group. Limited. 

Save 5o% 
RUBBER BAND 
GUN. TARGETS 
J 88 

REG. 15.99 
Use indoors or out. 

AUTOMOTIVE NEEDS 

$3o OFF! PICK-UP TOOL BOX q q 8 8 
Regularly 129.95, now u n iv...................................... 
515/ 

SAVE ON MOBIL 1oW-4o OIL 
Cf%c 
I -quart can. Regular 79* each 
OU 

REMAINUFACTURED AUTO ENGINES 
Installation available. N ow..................... 
5U OFF 

Save 1o.11 
WARDS 1o-AMP 
BATTERY CHARGER 
25“ 
REG. 35.99 
For 6 or 12-volt. 

1.62 off 
WARDS CLASSIC 
AUTO WAX KIT 
8 S8 

REG. 1o.5o 
With polishing cloth 

PAINTING NEEDS 

Save *5o 

1/3 HP TANK 
COMPRESSOR 
*99 
REC. 149.95 
Big 5-gal. tank 

*1o off 
2-GALLON PAIL 
EXTERIOR LATEX 
1598 
REG. 25.98 
Silicone Acrylic. White 

$1o O FP 24-FT. EXTENSION LADDER 
Light Duty.* Regularly 49.99 ....................................... Ow? 
49.99 2o-It. tiled, duty ladder....................................... 39.88 

25% off 
PAPER/PLASTIC 
DROP CLOTH 
I49 
REG. 1.99 
12-square yard*. 

Save ‘IOO 

WARDS AIRLESS 
SPRAY OUTFIT 
*499 
REG. $599.99 with pump, hose, gun. 

BUY NOW. 
ALL STORM 
DOORS IN STOCK 

2 o % 
OFF 
REG. PRICES 
Self-storing type 

I Va PRICE 
GALVANIZED 
IO’ GUTTERS 
I" 
REG. 3.99 
5-Inch box type. 

Save 5.11 
HEAVY-DUTY 
STEEL SHELVING 

1 
4 
8 8 

REG. 19.99 
16 X 36 X 72” high. 

‘3o off 
WARDS CUT 
AND WELD KIT 
3988 
WAS 69.95 
Acetelyn Oxygen 

$15o OFF! GAS RANGE W MICROWAVE OVEN 
Q 
No. 3396. Spark ignition. Reg 999.95............ o 4 5 / 

SAVE $6o on MICROWAVE OVEN 
No. Ho37. Cooks in minutes. Reg. 359.95 
... 

SAVE $6o ON 3o-IN GAS RANGE 
No. 2316. Regularly 299.95, n o w ..................... 

88 

299“ 
23988 

$4o OFF! 295-AMP WELDER 
Regularly 2o9.oo, now o n ly .............. 

$8 OFF! 7' 2-IN. CIRCULAR SAW 
Regularly 17.oo, now only .................... 

$1o OFF! 7-IN. SANDER/POLISHER 
Regularly 54.99, now o n ly ,....................... 

*169 
3988 

’IOO off 
WARDS 3o-IN. 
GAS RANGE 
39988No. 2346 
44 
88 
REG. 499.95 
Cont, clean oven 

PLUMBING & HEATING 
STEREO, CB RADIOS 

Save *1oo 
WARDS MICRO­ 
WAVE OVEN 

O O Q 8 8 
■ ) A < / 
No. 8186 
REG. 429.95 
Gourmet control 

SAVE NOW ON WALL FURNACES 
- - ^ 
Entire stock, now reduced ........................... 1 5 /O OFF 

$6 OFF! DOUBLE LEVER KITCHEN FAUCET 
- q 88 
Chrome plated. Regular 25.95.................................... I *7 
29.95 faucet w/spray 
^.................. 
22.88 

SAVE $25! 3o-GAL. WATER HEATER 
- A ft88 
Cl lass-Ii lied tank. Reg. 134.99 .................................. l v v 
144.99 4o-gal. m od el...................................................... 114.88 
EXPERT INSTALLATION AVAILABLE 

Save $9o 
ROYCE NO. 612 
CB RADIO 
Q Q 88 
UU 
No. 5o5 
WAS 189.95 
23 Channels. 

$9o off 
ROYCE NO 62o 
BASE STATION 

$6o OFF! 3o-in ELECTRIC RANGE 
No. 4316. Regular 3o9.95, now 
................ 

$8o OFF! 3o-In. ELECTRIC RANGE 
No. 4376, Cont, clean oven. Reg. 549.99 .. .... 
249“ 
429“ 

129s8No. 411 
WAS 219.95 
23-channels. 

ELECTRICAL NEEDS 

Save now 
FIREPLACE EN­ 
SEMBLES, ACCESS. 

2 o - 5 o % 
OFF REG. PRICES 
Special Selection 

Clearance 
SPECIAL GROUP 
SWAG FIXTURES 

3o% OFF 
REG. PRICES 
Assorted styles. 

$7o OFF! MIDLAND 83o CB RADIO 
No. 735. 23 channel. Reg. 149.9.5 ...................... 

$5o OFF! AM FM CONSOLE STEREO 
No. 2237 8-track play, record. Reg. 249.95 ..... 

$5o O FP AM /FM CONSOLE STEREO 
NO. 2325 8-track play, record. Reg. 329.95 .... 

7 9 88 
199“ 
279“ 

Save ‘IOO 
OUR 4-CHANNEL 
COMPONENT PKG. 
369 
No. 6423 
REG. 469.95 

1.99 OFF! BENT GLASS CEILING FIXTURE 
Regularly 3.99. Now univ.................................. 

$1oo OFF 
QUADRAPHONIC 
COMPONENT PKG 
O Q 88 
OU 
NO. 6415 
REG. 189.95 
8-track, AM/FM 

LAWN & GARDEN SHOP 

$8o O FP MODERN CONSOLE STEREO n A ft88 
No. 2347 AM/FM Reg. 329.95.................................. Z45J 

$2o OFF! 3-PC PHONO WITH RADIO q o 8 8 
No. 6o47. 2 speakers. Keg. 119.95............................ JJS/ 

$6o off 
WARDS RUGGED 
5-HP TILLER 
23988 
REG. 299.95 
With power reverse. 

Save *2 
TELEVISION BUYS 

14xlo-IN. RED­ 
WOOD PLANTER 

2 « 8 

REG. 4.88 
Brass plated hand 

$2o OFF! 3»/j HP ROTARY MOWER 
Regularly 119.99, now o n ly 
............ 

$2o OFF! REAR DISCHARGE MOWER 
3 1 < hp. Regularly 169.99, now .................... 

$1o OFF! 12-IN. ELEC. CHAIN SAW 
Regularly 59.95, now o n ly ...................... 
139.95 Gas 12-in saw, auto, o iler.............................. 119.88 

$3oo OFF! 16-HP GARDEN TRACTOR 
Regularly 1599.oo. Electric s ta rt ......... 

SPECIAL! 12-6-6 FERTILIZER q88 
4o-lb. bug. Special buy. 
......................... <5 

2.11 O FP CANADIAN PEAT MOSS 
» 88 
4 CU. ft. bag. Regular 8.99 
...................................... O 
5.99 11 i Cu. Kl. Bag, 
3.88 

99“ 
149“ 
49” 

119. 
*1299 

$12o off 
25-IN. DIAGONAL 
COLOR CONSOLE 
549“». im, 
REG. 669.95 
Automatic color 

SAVE $71 
19-IN. DIAGONAL 
COLOR CONSOLE 

$398n c 17196 
REG. 469.95 
Automatic color 

HOO O F P 25-IN. DIAG. COLOR TV 
No. 17437. Console. Reg. 749.95 ......... 
649 
88 

$61 off 
19-IN DIAGONAL 
COLOR PORTABLE 

$ 3 
8 
8 n * 12977 
REG, 459.95 
I IO * Picture tube. 

SAVE *6o 
13-IN DIAGONAL 
COLOR PORTABLE 
9 Q Q 8 8 
£ UU 
No. 12337 
REG. 359 95 
UHF, VHF antenna 

R efrigerators-Freezers 

Save *2o 
16 CUBIC FOOT 
FREEZER 

O O Q 8 8 db OU 
No. 4536 
REG. 259.95 
Upright model. 

‘14o off 
21.8 CUBIC FOOT 
REFRIGERATOR 
52988No. 2276 
REG. 669.95 
3 door nu aiel 

$11o O F P 23.8 CU. FT. REFRIGERATOR 
No. 2496 3 door. Reg. 799.95 .......................... 

$7o OFF! 15 CU. FT. FREEZER 
No. 8565. ('hest model. Reg. 3(19.95 ........... 

$7o OFF! 2o CU. FT. FREEZER 
No. 8935 ( ‘hest model. Reg. 339.95 ..... 

$9o OFF! 23 CU. FT. FREEZER 
No. 8955. Chest model. Reg. .‘(89.95 ........ 

689“ 
239“ 
269“ 
299“ 

WASHERS & DRYERS 

*8o off 
WARDS 2o-LB. 
AUTO. WASHER 

ISS 
319 
No. 6735 
REG. 399.95 
12 Cycles, 4 speeds. 

Save S51 
18-LB. CAPACITY 
AUTO. WASHER 
$248 No. 6225 
REG. 299.95 
6 cycle, 3 speeds. 

$5o OFF! BUILT-IN DISHWASHER 
No. 916. Regularly 249.95 ....................... 

$5o O F P PORTABLE DISHWASHER 
No, !H>6 5 cycles. Reg, 249.95 ................. 
199“ 
199“ 

SEWING MACHINES 

Save *6o 
WARDS PORTABLE 
SEW MACHINE 

‘7o off 
OUR OPEN-ARM 
SEW MACHINE 
79“ No. 1261/1o8 
REG, $14o. 
Cane included. 
129“ No. 132o 
REG. $2oo 
With loot control. 

WHY PASS UP A GOOD BUY WHEN YOU CAN ADD IT TO YOUR WARDS CHARGE-ALL ACCOUNT? NO DOWN PAYMENT IS REQUIRED 
Out to save? Wfe make it easy 

Unassem bled. 

Mode) 4482 
SAVE *7o 
OUR 1oX9' STEEL LAWN BUILDING 
9 ' 7 " x 9 ' 4 " interior with a a ^ a a 
6'I" peak for 5oo cu. ft. 
| y Q o O storage. Galvanized steel. 
JL £ | 
REGULARLY 199.95 

January I 5 I 977 

THE SATURDAY 
EXPRESS-NEWS 
EDITORIALS 

Rupert Murdoch 

C h a irm a n 

W illiam J. Reddell 

E d ito r o f E d ito ria l P a g e 
George Carmack 
Associate Editor 

Charles O . Kilpatrick 

E d ito r a n d Publisher 

Fane I. Burt 

M a n a g in g E d ito r 

Districting, 3 other elections need vote 

V oters in the City of San 
Antonio have four questions to a n s w e r on to d a y ’s ba I lo t. 
Those in the county outside of 
San Antonio have two elections involving three. 
The questions are: 
Shall city council be elected by districts? 
Shall city council have per­ mission to change the c ity ’s fiscal year? 

Who will be elected to the 
San Antonio River Authority and E d w a r d s U n d e rg ro u n d 
District boards of directors? 

We m a k e the following recommendations: 

Vote AGAINST on district­ ing. 
, 

Vote KOK nu perm issive change of the fiscal year. 

For SARA director. Place I, 
CATHY POWELL and Place 
2, WILLIAM E. HAYMAN 

F o r the E d w a r d s U n d e r ­ ground Water District, LANNY 
ALAN SINKIN. 
We oppose d istrictin g for the important reason that the election is being held under a d m in is tra tiv e threat of the 
Department of Justice, which has claimed — wrongfully, we b eliev e — that San Antonio d i s c r im in a t e s a g a in st Mexi- can-American voters. That is a d a m a g in g ch a rg e that t h r e a ­ tens the city-saving policy of annexation. 
T h e d e p a r t m e n t should have to prove its charge. Then citizens can a rra n g e c h a rte r 
•changes in due course. 
We see no reason to rush 
•into the change on the admin­ istrative whim of the D epart­ ment of .Justice. 
FISCAL YEAR change is purely permissive. We a re n ’t unpressed with plans put forth to m a k e the ch a n g e but the time is here to find a way to 

 save money by collecting taxes at the start of the year instead of at the end. £ity Council will have permission to find a way to make the change in a way the taxpayers can accept. 

THERE ARE a number of q u alified c a n d id a te s in the 
SARA and EUWD races. We believe the ones we r e c o m ­ mend will give both agencies m ore ac tiv e roles. 
Both a g e n cie s a re relativ ely u n k ­ nown. In the past, board elec­ tions have been widely ignored. 
Each a g e n c y has im p o rta n t jobs to do and relatively little power or money. 

MRS. POWELL, ll. is a graduate city planner and pro­ fessor in urban studies. Sin* is active in vvater-quality protec­ tion. 

HAYMAN, IM, is on the 
SARA board, has a keen grasp of the job and works hard at it. 
He is a railroad engineer. 

SINKIN, 3o, is an activist with a well-known interest in w a te r d ev elo p m en t and p ro ­ tection. He wants EUWD more active in that phase of its re­ sponsibility. 

Because both boards have a history of low-profile activity, we believe the candidates we s u p p o rt will help give the public better understanding of the agencies they serve. 

Both b o a rd s have 
12 m e m b e r s e lected from the counties in which the districts operate. A new face occasion­ ally is helpful. 

While Pity Council district­ ing attracts most attention, we urge voters to make choices on tin* other matters, too. Polling places art4 listed elsewhere in this p a p e r and polls will be open, as usual, from 7 a.in. to 7 p m . 

Public utility com m ission should control gas utilities 

A proposal to put all regu­ lated phases of the natural gas industry under the Public Uti­ lities Commission, by Rep. Bob 
Yale of San Antonio, is a legis­ lative challenge to the Texas 
Railroad Commission. 

Vale’s bill m erits the s e r ­ ious consideration of the Le­ gislature. 

 ll has been apparent during the past three or four years that the Railroad Commission was u n p re p a re d to accept a ptiblic-interest role that was greater than its accustomed role of re fe re e in g d isp u te s 

“Wasn’t that the Munich assassin, Hans? — I hope you cleaned his windshield . . .we don’t want to offend our source of supply, do we?” 
R eligious beliefs 

 among natural gas producers. 
When the commission rejected the findings of a former staff expert. Walter Wendlandt, in the Coastal States (las Corp. contract failure, it conceded it was unprepared to address the public-interest question. 

As the supply-demand con­ ditions raise the value of gas and restrict its uses as a result, the use of gas as fuel for elec­ tric generating will grow less. 
But gas will be used for home heating for many years and as a utility, PCC supervision ap­ pears natural and logical. 

Sir: It was interesting to note the relationship between two of the Let­ ters to the Editor (Jan. 8). One had reference to televising executions and the other concerned a soap-opera which made uncomplimentary and perhaps insulting rem arks about the 
Christian religion. 
This country was founded by people who wanted respect for their reli­ gious beliefs and by hard-working people who wanted justice done but didn't choose to encourage blood— thirsty public events. Perhaps they were close enough to the past to remember that public violence did not discourage criminal violence 
What it did and will do is to pander to the residual bestiality in human nature. The Rom ans used public executions as a means of entertain­ ment and as punishment for those who transgressed against their re ­ pressive laws concerning religion. 
The Jews and later the Christians were the unwilling victims. Is history about to repeat itself? 
There is nothing to be gained by degrading human life or by degrad­ ing religious beliefs . , . but there is everything to be lost. iVlarv I Travers 

Show warns iii modern way 

Sir 
Robert Cullum’s letter. "TV programming hits new low" (Jan 8). condemned the TV program "One 
Day At A T im e" for its commentary during a recent episode, involving a character’s "religious" experience, on the dubious stewardship of many self ordained servants of the Lord. 
As this viewer interpreted the les­ son of life portrayed by the show, it was illustrative of the warnings of 
The Christ in this m atter, to wit: 
"B ew are of practicing your piety before men i i i order to be seen by them; for then you will have no reward from your Father in heaven.” 
( Matthew 8 I) 
. The ( brist also said: "Thus, when you give alms, sound no trumpet 
Indore you, as the hypocrites do i i i tile synagogue and the streets, that they may In* praised by men. . . . When you give alms, do not let your left hand know what your right hand is doing, so that your alm s may be made in secret, and your Father . . . will reward you." (Matthew (8.2-4) 
Andale also said: "And when you pray, you must not be like the hypo­ crites; for they love to stand and pray in the synagogues, and at the street corners, that they may be seen by men , . . when you pray, go into your room and shut the door and pray to your F ather who is in secret; and your Father who sees in secret will reward you." (Matthew 8:5&8) 
It makes one wonder how Cullum can claim that the show "w as a vicious attack on Christianity and 
The Christ" when it warns in modern ways of the same false approach to the teachings of Uh* Lord which the 
Son of God warned against in the 
Sermon on the Mount. The ways of tin1 good life can only be propagated by way of example, otherwise all the serm onizing in the world is for naught 
Robert Paul Sicurello 

 la tte n to (Sit ne w ipoper should be short and they must be signed Initial, only will be used at writer's request. Correct address and telephone number for identification of letters are needed, letters will be edited for length, good taste ond legal reasons. 
Address: letters to the editor. P.O. Boa 2171, Son 
Antonio, TX 78297. 

Speech indicates d eep-seated hate 

Sir; In Patricia Roberts H arris’ speech to the senators trying to con­ vince them she is qualified to be the next secretary of Housing and Urban 
Development, she shows she is har­ boring a deep-seated hate. 
She said her father was a waiter in a dining ear. She stated this fact as though it was a demeaning occupa­ tion 
What about all w aiters and waitresses who are giving their ser­ vices to the public the same as her father? What about workers carrying bedpans i i i the hospital? Is all this work demeaning? 
Working for a living, no m atter what the vocation, is more honorable than those who are able-bodied liv ing off the taxpayers’ salaries. 
Anyone who carries a chip on her shoulder cannot be unbiased in serv­ ing all the people, black, white, 
M exican-A m erican, A m erican In­ dians, etc. 
But the m ost im p o rta n t qualification in this job of secretary til Housing and Urban Development is experience. No one of any color should he appointed, who is not qua­ lified, to serve the public in any capacity at the taxpayers’ expense. It is apparent that she is not qualified. 
Esther M. Johnson 

$4. 
Richard Boleyn Jr. 

Berry’s 
World 

Brown’s debut will be stormy 

WASHINGTON - In blunt­ ly lining up slights on aet ive and retired military pay and fringe benefits, incoming De­ fense Secretary Harold Brown has guaranteed that Ids debut at the P e n ta g o n will be a stormy one. 
C riticizing m ilitary benefits — pay, allowances, retirem ent, com ­ missary', medicare and all others — 
— us "a very large fraction of the defense budget," Brown has pro­ mised to turn a coldly analytical eye on whether Armed Forces people are getting too much for the "value of their services." 
Steam 
Such a drive to abrogate tra d i­ tional service perquisites (and con­ ceivably even cut pay) would, be­ sides raising a storm of objections from those affected, put the ex-sys­ tem s analyst on direct collision- course with two major issues now before C ongress: ( I) p ossible 
Armed Forces unionization; and (2) 
Hie concept of all-volunteer Armed 
Forces. 

Much of the steam behind current attem pts to unionize the services — a developm ent Congress and, if su rv ey s are to be believed, (Ile public opposes — has come from progressive erosion of longstanding fringe benefits by Pentagon and 
OMB bureaucrats and a Congress n eg lec tfu l, us iii the p ast, of a postwar military. 
Among junior enlisted men and some junior officers, the feeling is undoubtedly taking root th at, if 
Congress and their own leadership in the Pentagon are unwilling to look out for servicemen, then a un­ ion is to be the answer. 
\\ Uh recruiting slack, cutbacks rn benefits and com pensation could strike a deadly blow to the volunteer concept, which has never ceased to received criticism from conscrip­ tion-minded publicists, bureaucrats and politicians. 
• 
Attempts 

(Although Dr Brown has not ex­ pressed himself on this issue, ob­ servers would not be surprised if lie turned out to favor a return to the draft, which of course was the es­ tablished manpower source during 

Brown’s eight years at the righl hand of former Defense Secretary 
Robert S. McNamara. > 
C om parable a tte m p ts to slash military benefits on the part of out­ going Defense S ecretary Donald 
Rumsfeld met with congressional rebuffs. 
In particular, Rumsfeld is known to have told associates — as he may well already have told B ro w n------ that P entagon c a m p a ig n s to do away with c o m is s a ry b en efits proved to be a political h o rn et’s nest. 
By zeroing in on an annual mili­ tary retirement bill in excess of #7 billion, 
Brown has definitely aligned himself with antim ilitary congressmen (such as Les Aspen, 
DM is.) who regard the unfunded 

 retire m en t system as an u n w a r­ ranted burden on the taxpayer. 
While it is true that retired pay remains unfunded, all military pay raises for over two decades have n ev e rth ele ss been unform ly d is ­ counted by 8 per cent, the approxi­ mate bite which would be taken in a contributory system. 

Pensions 

Thus, in effect, individual ser­ vicemen have indirectly been pay­ ing for their pensions ail along, but b u d g e tee r and politicians refused to institutionalize the savings rea­ lized into a fund, preferring to treat them as annual economies. 
Now, how ever, these lOUs are coming due 
In expressing shock at the fact that military retirement costs about 
7 per cent of the defense budget, Dr. 
Brown likewise failed to point out that one main reason the personnel 
Mice of the Soviet Union’s huge de- fense budget ta relatively sm aller than ours, is that military retire­ ment in Russia is funded and paid by their equivalent of social securi­ ty and is not counted against the 
(Kremlin's defense totals 

If th e U nited S tate s w ere to change to similar bookkeeping, the personnel share of our defense costs would diminish by 12-15 per cent and would undoubtedly seem less unreasonable. 
Whether such a change would de­ flect Dr Brown from his announced objectives may, however, be doubt­ ed. 
B roadly s p e ak in g . 
B ro w n ’s predecessors have taken one of two approaches to their job and their relationship to the Armed Forces. 
Some defense se cretaries have seen themselves as representing the national-security constituency and the military, and have done every­ thing to support and foster them. 
Other secretaries (McNamara in p a r tic u la r) d e lib e ra te ly placed themselves in an adversary role 
Inward the services, "keeping the m ilitary in th eir p lace,” sternly punishing dissent and excluding the uniformed leadership from the na­ tional process. 
Based on his expressions to date. 
Harold Brown seems to In* taking up where McNamara left off a decade a g o and that spells had news for the generals and admirals. 

 o r lames 
Reston 
19 

• • 

T ractor pull planning criticized 

Sir: I am writing concerning the recent tractor pull at the Freeman 
Colliseum and I would like to ques­ tion the legitimacy of those responsi­ ble for it. I was told by the colliseum publicity office that on Friday night there would be four classes of trac­ tors pulling beginning at 7:3o. 
I got there to find that the track 
♦was too wet and the ground crew had to spend two hours changing sleds and deciding on the proper amount of weight. After three tractors pulled and only one pulled past I hi* 75-foot line without two tries, they decided to take off some weight. 

The original three-four pulls took one hour or so and the removal of the weight took a half hour. but to make matters worse they started the entire pull over and the only tractor to pull anywhere past the 75-foot mark was outpulled "by one who pulled on power and not skill and so was put out bf the placings by a Tractor who couldn’t prove himself in two previous tries which was all they were supposed to be allowed. The next thing was the sled broke sending all its weight into the back of the tractor and the tractor almost into the wall. 

This took another hour or so. Poor organization and poor equipment re­ sulted in our seeing only two classes pull instead of the four we paid to see. 
When you consider that the average pull lasts about 28 seconds and we only saw 2o tractors pull you come up with the fact we only saw eight min- jutes and 4o seconds of actual pulling and since we were there until I a.m. or later you find that over five hours and 2o minutes were wasted on fixing the track or their faulty equipment. 

We should be refunded $2 out of the 

“You say you want to apply for a job with the Carter administration! Hey, man, are you nuts?” 

Military power of 
U.S. must be strong 

WASHINGTON - In his clo- quent and appealing Farewell 
Address, President Ford e m ­ phasized the importance of maintaining and increasing the military power of the United 
States. 
. 
When President Eisenhower left office 18 years ago, he also called for a strong military establishment but emphasized the dangers of letting it get out of hand. 
The difference is instructive, espe­ cially these days when everybody is giving President-elect Carter advice at the beginning of what promises to be another fundamental debate on what must be spent to maintain the security of the nation. 
Concern 
Eisenhower’s concern as he left of­ fice was that the nation might make too narrow a judgment of what con­ stituted the security of the nation, and go too far in relying on our mili­ tary and industrial power. 
Ford's fear seems to be that we will let our military guard down and not go far enough in building new wea­ pons systems to maintain a military balance with the Soviet Union. 
Though the nation is now spending more on arms than it did when it was fighting in V ietnam . Ford warned against what he called “ the danger­ ous antim ilitary sentim ent” which 
‘’discouraged defense spending." 
"As I leave office,” he said, "I can report that our national defehse is effectively deterring conflict today. 
Our arm ed forces are cap ab le of carrying out the variety of missions assig n ed to th em . P ro g ra m s are under way which will assure that we can deter war in years ahead. 
Warning 

"But I must warn that it will re­ quire a sustained effort over a period of years to m aintain these capabi­ lities. We must have the wisdom, the stamina and the courage to prepare today for the perils of tomorrow, and 
I believe we will . . ." 
Accordingly, he made one last ap­ peal, not only for strengthening con­ ventional forces to deal with nonnu­ clear regional or limited wars (on which there is general agreement in 
Washington), but for building what he called “ three critical strategic p ro g ra m s: the T rid en t m is sile launching submarine; the Bl bomber with its superior capability to pene­ tra te m odern a ir defenses; and a more advanced intercontinental bal­ listic missile that will be better able to survive nuclear attack and deliver a devastating retaliatory strike." 
Dimension 
E isen h o w er’s F arew ell A ddress added an o th e r d im e n sio n to the problem. 
"O u r a rm s m ust be m ig h t,” he said, “ ready for instant action, so that no potential aggressor may be tempted to risk his own destruction 
. . . But each p ro p o sal m u s t he weighed in the light of broader con­ siderations.” 
"The need to maintain balance in and among national programs, ba­ lance between the private and the public econom y, balance between cost and hoped for advantage, ba­ lance between the clearly necessary and the comfortably desirable *. . . balance between the actions of the moment and the national welfare of the fugure . . .” 
It was at this point that Eisenhower issued his warding about the dangers of a growing " m ilita ry -in d u s tria l c o m p le x ,” now in fin itely m ore powerful than it was when he left office in January of 1981. 
"This conjunction of an immense military establishm ent and a large am is industry is new in American experience,” he said. 
"The total influence — economic, political, even spiritual — is felt in every city, every state house, every office of the federal government. We recognize the im perative need for this development. Yet we must not fail to comprehend Us grave impli­ cations . . . . 
Involved 
"Our toil. resources and livelihood are all involved; so is the very struc­ ture of our society. In the councils of government, we must guard against the acquisition of unwarranted in- fluence, whether sought or unsought, by the military-industrial complex 
. . We must never let the right of weight of this combination endanger our lib erties or d e m o c ra tic p ro ­ cesses We should take nothing for granted 

All this sounded new and even sta rtlin g , com ing from a d is t in ­ guished snldier-prcsident, but in fact it was an echo out of President Wa­ shington's farewell address in which lie appealed to his fellow countrymen hi avoid the necessity of those over­ grown m ilitary e s ta b lis h m e n ts which, under any form of gov ern ­ m ent, are inauspicious to liberty 

It should Im* noted that Ford did not talk about a present danger or im ba­ lance between the forces of the Unit­ ed Slates and the gov let Union, or fail to support another arm s limitation agreement with Moscow. 
Bul it is not clear that an arm s limitation agreement can he achieved by following his advice ty build the 
Indent submarine, the Bl bomber and a more advanced intercontinen­ tal ballistic missile system. 

Son Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— Saturday January 15 1977 

Barrow not bitter at loss 

Don Yarbrough calls it God. But, many people call it a shalt that Yarbrough trounced San 
Antonio s esteemed -Judge C harles Barrow in his bid tor the state supreme court. 
J hey (all it a shaft because Y arbrough has several c h il eases pending against him, because the state bar is trying to disbar him and because the 35-year-old never had any experience as a judge until he took the oath of office earlv this month. 
To match that, Barrow was the favorite of 9o per cent or the lawyer respondents in a poll of the Texas State Bar. lie ’s been a judge on San 
Antonio's Fourth Court of Civil 
Appeals IS years. And when he was running for office he liked to point to what he called his broad backing. 
Broad backing 

By that he m e a n t his s u p ­ porters ran the g am u t from labor to the conservative Dal­ las Morning N ew s and from liberal former Sen. Ralph Yarborom to conservative form er Gov. Allan Shi 
Nevertheless, bv the grace of God, it was Don Yarbrough who pulled on the long, black judicial robe tins month and became your honor,” 
And that pulling on the robe made Jud g e Barrow sick. 
A couple ot nights it just m ade me sick thinking about. it. says the ao-yoar-old San Antonian. 
He says he suffered m ore when Y arbrough took office than he did the night last May when the young Houston attorney defeated him at the polls. 
Why ? 
It people lose respect or the courts . . our type of government can ’t survive. 

 rn. m 
Spotlight 

B y 
Vickie 
Davidson 

(no relation to Don) 
Dors. 

 l f p e o p l e lose re sp e c t f o r the courts . . . our type of g o vern m e n t con t su rvive“ 

“ I'd rath er have this job and my reputation than his job and his reputation 
Lanky Ju d g e Barrow , who calls him self an ol’ country boy from Poteet, leans forward and sm iles his lopsided sm ile as he talks. The intense, deep-set eyes under his wrinkled forehead hook your attention. Then he leans back in his chair. 
“ The thing I’m distressed about is that his problem s, obscured the real issue,” says Barrow 
“ I just c a n ’t im agine a young lawyer without any cre­ d e n tials at all even w an tin g that job. It should be so­ m ething you’ve earned for a lifetime of work, not because you’ve got a nam e like Post Toasties or som ething.” 

Names similar 

The general speculation on the election was that Y ar­ brough was elected — not because of his religious con­ nections — but. because bis nam e sounds the sam e as Don 
Yarborough, who ran twice for governor . 
“ I still believe the only issue was qualifications, not 
Harm' identification,” Barrow says again. 
"B ut, you go around and try to talk about qualifications 
— the voters believe ‘T h ey’ w ouldn’t let you run if you w eren't qualified,” Barrow continues stressing the ‘T hey.’ 
And. la te r in the conversation the su b jec t com es up again: “ If we ever find the guys who are n am ed ‘T hey,’ we could correct a lot of things in this country. 
Is Barrow bitter about losing an election the state's legal establishm ent and a good nu m b er of citizens felt he should have won? He says. no. 

"It was a wonderful experience for a country boy.” he laughs. “ I had only one bad day and that w as election day,” hi* says sm iling. 

After tho D em ocratic prim ary w as over in May and he was out of the race. Ju d g e Barrow says he spent som e tim e analyzing how he ran — the platform of qualifications, the 
5o,ooo miles he traveled across the state. 

He says he arrived at the conclusion that he wouldn't have changed anything. Not even his decision to keep quiet the information In* had on Y arbrough —■ all of the litigation facing him. 

“ My philosophy is if you do your best — My God, you ca n ’t do anym ore than th a t.” 

Sounds like when you m ake up your m ind you stick to it? 
T h at’s part of being a judge. B arrow replies. 
Cases tough 

“ I work on a case for a week or Kl days — the eases we get up here are tough. Once I m ake a decision . . . if I second guessed myself. I’d have been gone a long tim e ago.” 
Barrow hasn’t given up on the elective system either, he says. 
Ile does think there are better ways to select judges and lie does think th e d is b a rm e n t suit against Y arb ro u g h should be carried out. 

May run again 

But, he still believes in the system and the court. Iii fact. he still hopes to sit on the sta te ’s high court som e day 
"I got the taste of defeat in m y throat that you c a n ’t swallow or spit out deep down inside m e, I know I c a n ’t get rid of it till I run ag ain .” 
SOME think Judge Charles Barrow g o t shafted* 
STAH PHOIO BV PAT HAMITON 
Daoud: I ’ll return to 
Palestine’s 
’revolution’ 

ASSOCIATED PRESS 
PARIS — The Palestinian loader freed by 
France after his arrest as the suspected organi­ zer of the Munich Olympic* terrorist killings said 
Friday in A lgiers he would soon return to fighting Israelis and Zionists. 
But Ahu Daoud indicated 
- 
■■■— ■*— 
. 
. lie b e lie v e s th e I s r a e lis might assassinate him. 
"If they have good luck.'' 
Ahu Daoud said of a possi­ ble Israeli a ttem p t en his life, "it will lie O K. They will think of som ething.” 
Accusation 
Iii a telephone interv iew with The Associated P re s s 
Irotn the h e a d q u a rte rs in 
A lgiers of Al F a ta h , th e 
P a le s tin ia n g u e r r ill a o r ­ ganization, Daoud asserted: 
"The Israelis are looking lo kill all the Palestinians 
— tile Palestinian people as a whole. And they've tried it sin c e 194K. T h ey a r e killing the Palestinians and they are resuming killing. I am a Palestinian, a revolu­ tionary P alestin ian , not a te rro rist, lf they want to kill me then they want to kill a revolutionary, not a terrorist. 
"I am going to continue my style of life, a revolu­ tionary against the Zionists aud the discrim ination in­ side our occupied te rrito r­ ies 
I am planning to take a sm all vacation here (in 
Algiers) and then I have to go back to re s u m e fig h t­ ing ” 
Released 
Daoud was flown to Al­ giers on Tuesday follow ing ins * w idely c ritic iz e d release from a French p ri­ son where he was held on a 
West 
G e rm a n w a r r a n t identifying him as having a key role in the 1972 Munich terrorist attack that killed ll Israeli athletes. 
P r e m i e r 
R ay m o n d 
Barre, replying to the wide c o n d e m n a tio n s of th e 
French action both at home and abroad, said it did not v m lu te e x tr a d itio n a- g reem en ts with West G er­ many or Israel, that it was bused on law, and did not represent political considerations, 
In Washington a group ol 
A m erican -Jewish lead e rs called al the F ren ch E m ­ bassy and w arned th at a boycott of French goods is growing out of the release 
<if D aoud, who they said 
"now once again is free to commit m ayhem and murder.** 
French Ambassador J a c ­ ques Kosciusko-Mori/et ap­ pealed against a boycott and urged bis liste n e r s , 
“especially the Jewish peo­ ple. not to ov erreact because what is important 

’The Israelis are bathing lo hill all lite P a lestin ia n s 

— the Palestinian fteaple as a whole ’ 

 is our friendship, the com ­ mon fight a g a in s t t e r r o r ­ ism and e s t a b li s h in g peace.” 
Daoud suggested that the attention paid to ins ease w as in p a rt an Is ra e li propaganda effort. The Is­ ra e lis, he s a id , seek “ lo lim it o u r c o n ta c ts w ith other people to win them to our side. bul they will not succeed because we have to move. we have to contact people, we have to explain our just cause.” 
T h e P a le s tin ia n d i s a s ­ sociated him self from the 
Munich a ttac k , sayin g hi* n e v e r a d m itte d in v o l­ vement in it on a Jordanian television program . He also demanded that G erm an of­ ficials furnish proof to back up their allegation he was present al the sam e Munich hotel used by the terrorist group. 
Americans 

Daoud expressed distress ab o u t th e re a c tio n of 
Americans to his release, 
After reading the history of the American people, he 
‘said. “ I was very proud to know they were looking for freedom, not for them only but for all the people iii Hie world ... But I am a s to n ­ ished now b efu re tw o or three days that I h ear of­ ficial A m ericans a re very an g ry for a ju stic e I fling which happened in court ... 
I'm not asto nish ed to see the Israelis angry, but I am astonished that the people living in a land c alled a land of liberty are angry for a justice thing.” 
Asked what he thought of the possibilities for peace betw een P a le s tin ia n s and 
Israelis, lie replied: 
“ I think because of the mentality and the theories of the Zionism which is still going inside the occupied territories, I think it is dif­ ficult. T hey have first to c h a n g e th e i r mentality. 
They have to change their wish of k e e p in g th e o c ­ cupied territories ... They are thinking they can keep the land and keep the peace at the s a m e tim e au d I think it's diflicuit.” 
Education board seeks 2 m em bers 

AUSTIN 
*AP) — The State Board of Education has established a search com m ittee to recom m end successors 
In a hoard m em b er who resigned and another who was declared ineligible 
G e o rg e C. Guthrie of San A n to n io r e s ig n e d an d 
Raymond Alexander of H ouston, a P r a ir ie View ALM instructor, wus declared ineligible at the bo ard ’s Jan. 9 m eeting because he is a state employe. 
Board vice-chairman W. ll. F e tte r of La M arque Alii head the s e a r c h co m m ittee. O th e r m e m b e r s a re Paul 
Mathews of Greenville, F. R. G regg -lr. of Jacksonville. 
Mary Ann Lev fridge of E ast B ernard aud Jan e Wells of 
Austin 

H andy 
A n d y 

HANDY ANDY 
EXTRA VALUE BEEF 
CHUCK 
STEAK 
POUND 

H andy rWj 
A n d y 

CALIFORNIA 
IDEAL FOR SALADS 
FRESH 
AVOCADOS 
LARGE SIZE 6 o ’s 

SHOP THESE SUPER BUYS 

PLAY 

PURCHASE 
NECESSARY. 
DETAILS AT 
A U STORES 

HUNT’S 
TOMATO 
KETCHUP 
32-OZ. BTL. 

HANDY ANDY 
PUMPKIN 
PIE 

8-INCH SIZE........... 

~ * X K 3 H E W !! 
ARM A HAMMER 
LAUNDRY 
DETERGENT 

3o-OZ. BOX 

CD 

VO Su'l*n (nj!..'* 

HEAVY DUTY 
CORONET 
TOWELS 

JUMBO ROLL 

I 2 - O Z . NO RETURN BTL. 
PEARL 

6 PACK 

AD EFFECTIVE THRU 
S A T . , J A N I S 
STORE HOURS: 8:3o A.M .-9 P.M. 

FOLLOWING STORES CLOSE 
AT 8:oo P.M. 
MO V— 1ooo1IU DI RKH SI URG RO 
NO J — H S CINCINNATI 
NO. 1o-4ooo S. KORIS 
NO i t — SOM BROADWAY 
MO 14*oo1 S. ST MARY'S 
OMN SUNDAY IO AJA. TO * RJA H U RT 
STOM NO M CINTRA! RAM (IOSIO SUNDAY 

WI WflCOMI KKH> STAMPS 
WI RfSOVi THI KIGHT TO LIMIT 
QUANTUM!. NOM SOLO TO DtAiiRS. 

Page 
I 2-A 
San Antonio EX P R ESS-N EW S— 
Saturday January 15 1977 
Polling pl aces for today’s election 

SAMPLE BALLOT 
CHARTER REVISION ELECTION 
San Antonio, Bexar County, Texas 

Here are the polling places for Saturday’s ('lec­ tion: 

 p o f c i m c t — a d d i e s s 

1o1 — Tafollo Elem entary Sch ool, 1 3 o 3 W 
D urango 

1o2 — Brackenridge Ele m en tary Sch ool, 1 21 4 
G u a d alu p e 

1o3 —* ton ier H igh Sch ool, 1 5 1 4 W D u ran g o 
1o4 — De Z a v a la Ele m en tary Sch ool, 231 I 
Son tiiis 

1o5 — B a rc la y Ele m en tary Sch ool, I I 12 S 
/or z arnee-* 

1o6 — 
Im m aculate C o n ce p tio n Church, 3 1 4 
M erid a 

1o7 
- 
Briscoe Elem en tary Sch o o l, 2 o 1 5 Sr 
Flores 
1o8 — Burbank High School, IO O ? Edw ards 

1o9 — St Jam es Library, 9 o 7 W Theo 

H O — Collins G a rd e n s Sch ool 
167 H arrim an l l I — Storm Elem en tary Sch ool. 435 Brady 

M 2 — R h o d es Ju n io r H ig h S c h o o l, 3 o o o 
Tampico 

113 — E d g ew o o d Ju n io r H ig h S ch o o l, 5 2 3 
Guppies Rood 

114 — G a rd e n d a le Elem en tary School, 1 7 3 o 
Athel 

I I 5 — Brentw ood Junior H igh School, 1 6 2 6 
Thompson Place 

116 — Brentw ood Junior H igh School, 1626 
Thompson Place 

1 1 7 - Brentw ood Junior High School, 162 6 
Thompson Place 

I J R — K e lly E le m e n t a r y S c h o o l, 1 o 2 6 
Thompson Place 

119 — G ro e b n e r Ele m e n ta ry S ch o o l, 5 3 o 
Hoover 

I 2o — S to n e w a ll E le m e n ta ry Sc h o o l, 8 o 4 
Stonew all 

121 
— N o rla n d o le C ivic C e n te r . I I 5 W 

Soothe ross 

12 7 — Colum bia Heights Elem entary School. 
161o Eitch 

123 — Erfre Station N o 25, 2 24 2 W 
South cross 

124 — C o llier Ele m e n ta ry S ch o o l, 8 3 4 W 
Soothe ro ss 

I 25 
—■ R a y b u rn E le m e n ta r y S c h o o l, 6 3 5 
Rayburn 

126 — S A N Y O , 6 8 1 9 S 7arzam©ro 
1 2 7 — V estal Ele m en tary Sch ool, I 1 I I W 
Vestal Place 

I 28 —~ G ille tte Ele m en tary Sch ool, 6 2 5 Grl lette Blvd 

I 29 — - South Son Antonio High Sch ool, 251 5 
N ovato 

1 3 o — D e Pool Eom ily Center, 7 6 o 3 Som erset 
Road 

131 — S h e p a rd M id d le Sch o o l, 8 7 o 2 R a y 
Ellison D ave 

1 3 ? —- Palo A lto Ele m en tary Sc h o o l, I 7 2 5 

Palo Alto Road 

134 — R o yalg ate Elem en tary Sch o o l, 6 1 o o 
R oyalgote 

I 3 6 — Sa m R a y b u rn Ju n io r H ig h S c h o o l, 
I 4 o o Cedarhurst 

144 ,— V alley High Elem entary Sch ool, 5 7 o 2 

Ray Ellison Drive 

I 46 - 
Indian Creek Elem entary Sch ool, 5 / 8 o 
Pearsall Road 

I 47 — Palo A lto Ele m e n ta ry Sch o o l. I 7 2 5 
Palo Alto Rood 

148 — Antonia O liv a re s Elem en tary Sch o o l, 
145o G illette A ve 

153 — Price Ele m en tary Sch o o l, 2 4 5 Price 
Ave 

2o1 — Marge! Elem entary School, 6o1 N la s 
M oras 

2o2 - 
Bow ie Elem entary School, 451 Arbor 
Place 

2 o 3 — C ro ck e tt Ele m e n ta ry Sch o o l, 2 2 1 5 
M orales 

2o4 — San Ju an Church H all, 3231 El Paso 
2 o 5 — Las Palm as Elem en tary Sch o o l, I 15 la s Palm as 

2o6 —- C entro Park Elem entary School, 2 8 o o 

Arbor Piece 
J O 7 — O g den Elem entary School, 221 5 le a l 
2 o 8 •—• W e s t Fnd Baptist Church, 9 2 5 C ulebra 
2o9 — W o o d la w n Uniter! M ethodist Church, 
17o1 W W o o d la w n 

2 1 o — H o r a c e M a n n Ju n io r H ig h S c h o o l, 
21 23 W H uisache 

211 — Fe n w ic k Flenser to ry S c h o o l, 1 9 3 o 
W a v e rly 

2 1 2 — T ru m an Ju n io r H ig h S c h o o l, 1 o o o 
N W 
34th St 

2 1 3 — E d g e w o o d H igh Sch o o l, 6 o 7 S W 
34th St 

214 — lin coln Elem entary School, 5 6 3 S W 

4oth St 
215 — H oly Fam ily Parish, I 52 flo re n c e 

2 1 6 — H u p p e rlz E le m e n ta ry S c h o o l, 24 7 
Bangor 

2 1 7 — Longfellow Junior H igh Sch ool, 1 13 o 

E Sunshine 
2 1 8 — Jefferso n H igh School, 7 2 3 D onaldson 
219 — W o o d la w n Elem entary School, 171 7 

W M ag n olia 
2 2 o — R e d e e m e r lu th e r a n C h u rch , 2 5 o 7 
Fredericksburg Road 

221 
— Los A n g e le s H e ig h ts P r e s b y te r ia n 
Church, 2 o o 2 W . O lm os Drive 
2 2 2 — M a v e ric k E le m e n ta ry S c h o o l, 1o7 
Raleigh 
223 — Arnold Elem entary School, Fretting and 

Panda 
225 
- 
Berskin Elem entary School, 6 o o Crest view 

2 2 6 ~ 
Sunset Hills Elem en tary Sch o o l, 5 1 9 
Clearview 

2 2 7 — Su i Ross M id d le Sch o o l, 36 3o C a l 

 laqhan Rood 
J J Q — Glenook*. Ele m en tary Sch o o l, 5 1 o 3 

New com b 
2 29 — EHison Industries, 4 8 o o Fredericksburg 

Rood 

2 3 o — D e llv ie w E le m en tary Sc h o o l, 7*235 
Dewhurst 
231 
— W e s t A v e n u e E le m e n ta r y S c h o o l, 
3915 W e s t Avenue 

232 — Colonial Hills Elem entary School, 2 6 2 7 

Kerrybrook 
2 3 3 — C o lo n ies N o rth Ele m e n ta ry Sch o o l, 
991 5 Northam pton 

2 3 4 — S h e n a n d o a h E le m e n t a r y S c h o o l, 

I I 3 5 5 Van ce Jackson 
MISSION 
NURSERIES 

Southside 

2919 

Mission Rd. 

9 2 4 - 3 1 8 1 

PECAN TREES 

Beautiful new crop of straight, strong trees ready to plant. 

Trees w ill be in stock 
Sat., N o v . 2o, I 9 7 6 

Choose from: 
Choctaw, 
Mohawk, 
Wichita, 
Success, 

Desirable, Stuart and Burkett. 

1 2 . 9 5 

2 COMPLETE 

G ARD EN CENTERS 

TO SERVE YO U 

 r e c " S b 

Northside 

12823 
Nacogdoches 

6 5 5 - 8 3 2 3 

5 to 6 feet 

6 to 7 feet 

7 to 9 feet 

1 6 . 9 5 

1 9 . 9 5 

FRUIT TREES 

Arriving Nov. 2o, 1976. 

Choose from the following: 

Winesop Apple 
Elberta Peach 

Hale Haven Peach 
Sam Houston Peach 

Ie Conte Pear 
Bartlett Pear 
Orienta Pear 

Red Delicious Apple 

Yellow Delicious Apple 

Santa Rosa Plum 

Methley Plum 

Bruce Plum 

Early Golden Apricot 

Moorpark Apricot 

$4.98 each 

BERRY PLANTS 

Red 
Raspberry, 
Thornless 

Blackberry, Braios Blackber­ ry-Thornless A Reg. Boysen­ berry, Dewberrys. 

In I G a l. Cans 

* 1 . 1 9 

S T A F F E R S 
DORMANT OII SPRAY 
To be used on all types of dor­ mant trees for prevention ol scale and mite insects living in bark of trees. 

I Q t. Size 

« 

I G a l. Size 

1 . 9 8 

5 . 6 9 

LA W N & GARO EN 

GYPSUM 

 loosens tight cloy soil. 5o lb covers 1ooo sq. ft. 
Reg . 3.19 

S a le Price 
^ 2 * 9 8 

BEST 

TRANSPLANT STARTER 
V itam in B- 1 Pints 

Reg . 1.49 

Sole 
Price 
1.19 

N E W S T O C K 
AZALEAS 
O ne gallon tile . P lant now for Spring bloom s. 

D w a rf V a rie tie s 
Coral Bell (P in k ) 
Red Ruffles 

Sn o w (W h ite ) 

Fashion (S alm o n ) 

Larg e G ro w in g 

V a rie tie s 

Fisher (P in k ) 

Field ers (W h ite ) 

Fo rm osa (L a v e n d e r) 

Ju d g e Solom o n (Salmon) 

P rid e of M o b il (R e d ) 

One Gallon Size * 2 . 7 9 

S Gallon Size 
* 7 . 9 5 

AZALEA TREES 
R ed , Pin k , W h ite . 
5 G a llo n , 5 fe e t ta ll. 

* 1 5 . 9 5 

C IT R U S T R E E S 
(tro w in g in 3 gal. co n ta in e r 
B earing Size 
Hamlin Orangs, Naval Orono*, Morn 
Or oi»9*. Volo non Orangs, Pond* fora lam on, 
Mayor* 
Ionian, 
A ifs nan tan go nos, Fortuna fanyorm*, Moi icon Ikno, Ruby Rod Oropofruit 

* 6 . 9 8 .a c h 
K u m q u a t T r e e s 

* 7 . 9 8 

SHADE TREES 
You just can’t match our tree prices and quality. When you buy a tree look of size and price and shape. It you find any trees in town that compare in size A shope, then you just hove to buy ours because of price. 
Cottonless Cottonwood 

I in. Caliper 
7 .9 5 
I'/« in. Caliper... 9 .9 5 
I Vi in. Caliper... I 3 .4 9 
I Va in. Caliper... I 8 .4 9 
Fruitless Mulberry 

I in. Caliper........ 9 .9 5 
I Vt in. Cal 
15.95 

Arizona Ash 

I in. Caliper........ 7 .4 9 
1 Vt it*. Cal 
14.95 

Chinese Tallow 

IV ?" Caliper ... I 5.95 
2 ” Caliper. . . . 
2 9 .9 5 

2Vi” Col 
5 5 .o o 
3 ” Col.................7 5 .o o 

Fan Tex Ash (Seedless) 

S' to 6 ' ........... 13.95 

Green Ash 

IV*" Col 
1 9 .5 o 

Sweet Gum 

I " Cal.............. 11 .4 9 
IVV’ Col 
16.95 

Umbrella China 

8’ tall-1 Vt" Cal... 12.95 

Mimosa 

I ” Cal................ 9 .2 5 
I V t’ Cal 
2 5 .5 o 

Red Bud 

6' to 8 '............. 9 .7 5 
I '/♦"Cal........... 13 .5 o 
2 ’ Col 
3 3 .5 o 

Silver Maple 

I" Col................ 9 .7 5 
I '/»’* Col........... 14.95 

Weeping Willow 

I ” Cal.............. 1o.25 
I '/V'Cal 
16.5o 

Texas Sycamore 

I" Col................ 8 .49 

Texas Red Oak 

 l ’ Col 
16 .5 o 
I Vt" Cal.............2 5 .5 o 

Hybrid live Oak 

1 V 
Cal 
3 4 .9 5 
2 Cal 
59.95 

MCDONALDS 
ALMANACS 
The complete guide to above and below ground planting dates. 
TF C 4 
" 
3 each 

SEED POTATOES 
Red and W h ite 

I 7 4 Lh. or 

5 Lh. for 7 9 * 

SPECIALTY PLANT 
FOODS 

TREE FOOD-BEST BRAND 

 for Shade, Fruit A Nut Tree 
5 lb. size................. 1.79 
2o lh. size 
4.98 
TREE FO O D -JO BE 

Tree Food Spikes 

Pkg. of 5 ............. 
Fruit or Shade 3.25 

Best-Rose & Flower Food 

5 Lb.......................... 
1.79 

2o lb...................... 
4.98 

Best-Tomato & Vegotable 
Food. 
5 lb.......................... 
1.79 

2o lb...................... 
4.98 

Bone Meal 4 Lh............ 
2.98 
Blood Meal lb. 
1.98 
Rock Phosphate 7Vt lb... 
2.49 
Cottonseed Moo! 4'/< Lb... . 
2.98 
Super Phosphate I lb..... 
I 69 

VAP AM 

Soil Fum igant - K ills 
Nematodes A Soil Diseases 
Qt. Size................... 3.98 
Gal. Size................... 9.49 

Soil Preparation 
S te e r M anure 
. an 

4o lh......................... 
1-89 

S heep M anure 
, _ _ 

4o lb.......................... I-YO 
W e e d fre e Topsoil so ib 
T v . . . 1.89 

C ed ar Bark Mulch 
2 cu. ft........................ 2.98 
L eaf Mulch 
4 _ 

I V* ut. It................... 
3 . 9 8 

6 Plants per tray 

Choose (rom Jumbo Pansies, 
Calendulas, 
Snapdragons, 

Dianthus ond others. 

Frtsh Beautiful Plants 

6 9 * per tray 

6 Trays For * 4 a o o 
SHOP DAILY 

9 : o o to 6 : o o 
INCLUDING SUNDAYS 

Ii 

Excellent Sod for potting ell plants. 4o Ib. bog. 
Suggested Betoil 53.64 

Spacial Misaim Nvnery Rhea 

* 2 . 9 8 per bag 

AU L N E W 
S P R IN G B U L B S 
Gladiolas-11 Varieties 

1 7 ' m oi.... 
6 . . , 9 9 * 
Hanging Bosket Begonios 
5 Colors 
1.19 each 
Fimbriate Begonia Bulbs 
S Colors 
1.19 each 
Double Begonia 'bulbs 
5 Colors 
1.19 each 

Maybell Begonia Bulbs 
Red or Orange 1.19 eoch 

Gloxinia Bulbs 
6 Colors 
1.19 each 
Voodoo Bulbs 
994 
Amorylis Bulbs.. . . 
794 up 

Tuberose Bulbs .. . 354 aa. 
Lilly Collection 
1.19 
Dahlias Bulbs 
2/1.19 
Dinnorplato, Cactus vor. 
Elephant Ears, Jumbo.. 1.19 

Elephant Eors, 
Mammoth............... 1-49 
Canna Tubers.... 
2 for 1.19 

Bearded Iris............. 1.4 9 
Caladium Bulbs 
#1 Size..................... 394 
Jumbo....................... ^94 
Mammoth................... 994 

LOOK 
AT THIS! 
Carl Pool 
Lawn Green 

1o-1o-5 
(oat eta*: 

I O S Nitrogen 

I O S Phosphate 
S S Potosi) 

I 2 S Sylph of 

I 4 S bon 

SO lh la g 

Suggested Retail $1.oo 

(leu Year* Pm* SI79) 
Spacial Mn Mea Nursery Pm* 

* 6 . 9 8 per Bag 

/. 1.1 — 
Station N o 34, 1 53 oo B a lv o v l 

2 36 — fir*. Station N o 34. t 5 3 o o B<*v:ork 
2 3 7 — B o o n e fle m e n t o fy S c h o o l, 6 6 1 5 

Springtim e 
7 3 8 — O x fo r d U n ite d M e th o d ist C h u rch , 

Huebner Rood 
74 3 — M ount O liv e lu th e ran Church, 8 1 3 8 

W e sts hire 
7 4V — Anson Jones Junior High School, I 256 

Pine Rood 
2 5 o — M a ry Mull Elem entary Sch ool, 7 3 2 o 

Remudo 
251 — John Ja y High School, 761 I M arbach 
252 — John Ja y High School, 761 I M arbach 
254 — Oofc Hills Terrace Elem entary School, 

6 7 IO C ory G ran t 
257 — Stafford Elem entary School, 6 ! I S .W 

36th St 
258 
C oronado Elem entary School, 4 35 S 

Son D ona 
259 — M adison Elem entary School. 2 9 o o W 

W o o d law n 
2 6 o — H olm es H igh Sch o o l, 6 5 o o Ingram 

Rood 
761 — 
W o o d la w n H ills Ele m en tary Sch ool. 

I IO W Q uill 
769 
John s U nited M ethodist Church, 

Cloudcroft and Bandera 
263 — Travis Savings ond Loon Association, 

6 6 3 o C allaghan 
264 — St Andrew Presbyterian Church, 823 I 

Callag han Rood 

3o1 — School of Vocational Nursing, 2 37 w 
Travis 

3 o ? — Austin Ele m en tary Sc h o o l, 621 W 

Euclid 
3o3 
- 
Travis Elem en tary Sch ool, 1 915 N 
M ain 

3o4 — Fire Station N o 
I. 8o1 E Houston 

3o5 — C o rver C u ltu ra l Com m unity C en ter, 

226 N H ackberry 
3o6 — John Pershing Elem entary School, 6 oo 

Sondm eyer 
3 o 7 — lam or Elem entary School, 2o1 Fenland 
3o8 — Trinity Baptist Church, 319 F Mulberry 

3o9 — Laurel Heights M ethodist Church, 227 

W W o o d law n 
3 1o — M ark Twain Junior High School, 24 1 I 
San Pedro 
311 — Beacon Hill Presbyterian Church, I IQ I 
W W o o d law n 

3 1 2 — Continental N ational Bank, 13oo W 

H ildebrand 
31 3 —- Los Angeles Heights M ethodist Church, 

8 o ? C atalin a 
314 — Bill M iller s Bar B Q , Blanco and Fresno 

31 5 — Edison High School, 7o1 Santa M onica 
3 1 6 — St 
Joh n s Sch o o l Lib ra ry , 1o2 S 
Audubon 
3 23 —- Terrell Plaza Shopping Center, 12o1 
Austin H w y 

Monfrey 

 reception 

 is Monday 

Invitations have crone out for a 5:3o-7:3o p.m. Monday reception honoring John 
Monfrey, candidate for mayor of San Antonio. 

The reception will be held in Villita Assembly Hall 

The invitations are going out over the signature of 
B ill 
M iller. 
M otifrey’s campaign manager. The tickets describe Monfrey as the “ next mayor of San 
Antonio," and note there is no charge for admission, free food, and beer. 

324 
Eost Terrell Hills Ele m en tary Sch o o l, 

4 41 5 Bloom dale 
3 2 5 — W a lz e m E le m e n ta ry S c h o o l. 4 6 1 8 

W a lz em 

3 26 — St 
Andrew s M ethodist Church, 7 2 2 
Robinhood 

3 2 7 — St 
A n th o n y 's C a th o lic C h u rch , 1o2 
I aren* 

3 28 — Fire Sta tio n N o 
17, 1 5 3 9 S a n d a l 

 wood 
329 — Olm os Park G o lf C ourse C lu b House 
7 od o M cCullough 

33o — Olm os Fle m e n ta ry S ch o o l, I 1o3 Al lena 

331 — A d en a Bap tist C h u rch , 2 3 o 2 Basse 
Road 

3 3 2 — R o b e rt E l e e H ig h S c h o o l, 1 4 o o 
Jackson Keller 

335 — Ridg eview Ele m en tary Sch o o l, 8 2 2 3 
M cCullough 

336 — Century Building, 84 N E. Loop 4 1 o 

337 — N orth w o o d Ele m en tary Sch o o l, 5 1 9 
Pike Rood 

338 — O ok G ro v e Elem en tary Sch ool, 3 2 5 o 
N acogdoches 

339 — Q u ad ran g le Sh o p p in g C en ter, 9 2 o o 
Broadw ay 

34o •— N orth Loop S e rv ic e C e n te r, A irp o rt 
Boulevard 

34 I — H o ly S p irit P a ris h H o d , B la n c o an d 
Ram sey roads 

3 4 ? — E is e n h o w e r M id d le S c h o o l, 8 2 31 
Blanco 
3 43 — lark spu r Ele m en tary Sch o o l, 1 1 3 3 o 
Bel Air 

344 — larkspu r fle m e n ta ry Sch o o l. 1 1 3 3 o 
Bel Air 

3 4 3 — H a rm o n y H ills C a b a n a C lu b , 3 3 9 

Fantasia 

346 — Coker M ethodist Church, 1 2 3 1 5 N orth 
Loop Road 

347 — Coker Flem entary School, H orner Rood 

3 4 8 — C le a r S p rin g s E le m e n ta r y S c h o o l, 
4 3 ! I C le ar Springs 

354 — Bow den Elem en tary Sch ool, 5 1 5 W il­ low 

35-5 — Beacon Hills Elem en tary School, I 4 o o 
W Ashby 

356 — Koehler G ard e n s , 3 2 8 E Josephine 
3 5 7 — P e rs h in g E le m e n ta r y S c h o o l, 6 o o 
Sondm eyer 

358 -— W o o d ro w W ilso n Elem entary Sch ool, 
1421 Clow er 

359 —■- W o o d ro w W ilso n Elem entary School, 
1421 C low er 

3 6 o — M f Sac re d H ea rt G irls Sch ool, 5 8 1 o 
Blanco 

361 
— Sern a Elem en tary School, 2 5 6 9 N E lo o p 4 1 o 

3 6 2 — R e g e n cy P la c e E le m e n ta ry S c h o o l, 
2 6 3 5 Bitters R oad 

3 6 3 — • N o r t h e r n H ills S h o p p in g C e n te r , 
1 23 o3 N acog d oches 

364 — El D orad o Elem en tary Sch ool, I 2 6 3 4 
El Send ero 

1 6 5 — N o r t h e r n H ills S h o p p in g C e n te r , 

I 2 3 o 3 N acog d oches 

3 66 — G on za les Sch ool, 519 E M ag n o lia 
___ 

368 — Thousand O a k s Cou n try C lu b, ? ? 6 3 
4 3 4 — Pecan V a lle y Elem entary Sch ool, 3 9 6 6 
Thousand O a k s D o ve 
E Southcross 

3 7 2 — Terrell Pla z a Sh opp ing Cen ter. 12o1 
* 3 5 —- Rogers Junior H igh School, 3 1 4 G a l 

Austin H w y 

3 / 4 — W ilt ta re fle m » r.)o ry S c h o o l. 6 5 2 3 
C a scad e 

3 2 5 — O a k Port. V.Hoq* M oll. I OO I No*OO rtochet 

3 7 6 — F.re S ta tio n N o 
I 7, I 5 3 9 S a n d a l w ood 

3 7 7 — H a rm o n y H ills E le m e n ta r y S c h o o l, 
1 o7 27 M em ory 

♦OI — Victo ria Court* Rn*m otion C antar, 225 lab o r 

* o 2 — Bonham Elem en tary Sch ool, 9 2 5 S S i 
M ary 's 

* o 3 — W h e a tle y High Sch ool. * o o Temple 
* o * — Poe Junior High Sch ool, 8 1 * Aransas 
* o 5 — St Phillip , Colleg e Auditorium , 2111 
N e v a d a 

* o 6 — Tynon Ele m en tary Sch o o l, 9 2 5 G u lf 
Street 

* o 7 — E m er to n Ju n io r H ig h S c h o o l, * 1 5 
G ab rie l 

4 o 8 — C a m e ro n Ele m e n ta ry Sc h o o l, 3 6 3 5 
Belgium la n e 

* o 9 — 8,ley Ju nior H igh Sch o o l. 3 5o1 N e braska 

< 1 o — Sm ith E le m e n ta r y S c h o o l, 8 2 3 S 
D evers 

♦ l l - H ighland Pork Elem entary School, 6 3 5 
Rigsby 

4 1 2 — H ig h lan d T errace M e th o d ist Ch u rch , 
1918 Steves 

4 1 3 — Eire S ta tio n N o 
2 o . 2 9 o 3 S 
N e w 
Braunfels 

4 14 
Riverside Pork Elem entary Sch ool, 2o2 
School St. 

41 5 — Knox Elem entary Sch ool, 3 o 2 Tipton 
4 16 — M orrill W a r d Sc h o o l A n nex, G re e n w ood and Say e rs 

4 1 7 — Eire Station N o 21. 5 5 3 7 S Flores 
4 1 8 — Japbet Elem entary SC h ool, 314 Astor 
4 19 — Steele Elem entary School, 7 2 2 Hoggin 

4 2 o — M cCreless Shopping C enter. 4 1oo S 
N e w Braunfels 

421 — Connell Junior H igh S c h o o l, 4 o o Hot 
W e lls 

4 2 2 — Eorbes Elem en tary Sch ool, 2 6 3 o Sally 
G ay© 

4 2 3 — Foster Elem en tary School, 6 7 1 8 Pecan 
V alley 

4 2 4 — Schenck Elem entary School, 1o1 Kate 
Sthenck 

4 2 5 — Fire Station N o 
2 9 , 3 o o 2 E 
South cross 

4 2 6 — H ighland H ills Elem entary School, 734 
G lom is 
4 2 7 — H ighlands H igh School, 3 1 1 8 Elgin 

4 2 8 — S te w a r t E le m e n ta ry S c h o o l, 1 9 5 o 
Rigsby 

4 2 9 — Ed W h ite M idd le Sch ool, 5 6 2 3 C astle 
Knight 

4 3 o — O tto Pfeiffer Elem entary School, 4551 
Dietrich Road 

431 — lo n e O a k M all. 1 o1 5 S W W W h ite 
R oad 

4 3 2 
— D ellcrest Sh op p ing C en ter, 1 8 1 6 S 
W W W h ite R oad 

4 3 3 — G la d Tidings Church, 2 1 4 3 S W W 
W h ite Rood 

PROPOSITION O N I 

Shat! Section1. 4 l l 15 and th of the Chati*t of the City si Sow Anton.© bp am. ndrd providing for en increase -n 

SO* 

♦be membership o* *bc Cit* Counci' from f f o l l members, 
IO of -horn shall he elected from d.str.cts or words pro 
••ding residence requirement* providing for estohl'shment of IO daffier* or words provid-ng for a quorum, p-ovidmg 
• hot on aff'"h atirr .ore o» at leos* 8 member* thai! he 

♦ G A IN S. 

 w J I 

 rrqurred to pass an Ord mane* or resolution as an emergency measure end p ro v in g for recall ct o Councrl Member 
I 

PROPOSITION TWO 

Shall the Charter of the City af San Antonio be amended ta prav.de nuthor.by ta rbange the C-ty tot y e t' to the 

.ro » 

ZZ 
...............*-<•«*« - and ta prov.de authority to choaqe the fiscal and budget veal *n »be some manner to the period October I through 
September JO rn enc or more stages and to moke necessary 

AG AIN ST 

- 

 ho.rowing ta. tmonf.ng du-ng transition prrrad'*. and the le*r of a sufficient fa* to pas -nterest thereon ond to pro­ vide th* required stab tnq fund 

Board of Directors 

Sax Antonio R im Authority 

Place I 

(Vote For Oriel 

I'll 

RICHARDSON 

I 

□ 

 nu 

PIZZARO 
□ 

W M T). 

M cAllist er iii 
□ 

M VO W«VN( 

FWING 
□ 

( . ’MV 

PO WE Ll 
[J 

Board ol Directors 

San Antonio River Authority 

Place 2 

 t jU 

CULBERTSON 

 i n t r 

WINDT 
□ 

(Vote For One I m u. 

MIRELES 
□ 

(•NHI 

XING 
□ 

 w iu ia u t 

HAYMAN 
□ 

Board of Director* 

Edward* Underground Water District 

Prom The Belar County Area 

(Vote for One) 

IRISH MIKI 
QUAKY 
□ 

I A NNC Ai Al 
SIMKIN 
□ 

 van k v Alif [2 

V o tin g locations in county 

Below are listed polling places for residents outside the corporate limits of San 
Antonio who will vote in the 
San Antonio River Authori­ ty and Edw ards U n d er­ ground Authority elections only. 

I 3 3 — Sacre d H eart Church, V on O rm y 

135 la c k la n d Elem en tary Sch ool, Lackland 
A EB 

I 3 7 — So u th w e st H ig h Sc h o o l, Farm R o a d 

2 5 3 6 
I 38 — So u th w e st H ig h Sch o o l, Farm R o ad 

2 5 3 6 
I 39 — Sacre d H e a r* Church, Von O rm y 

I 4 o — Thelm a Ele m en tary Sch o o l, M artin ez to y osa Rood 

141 — - Sacre d H ea rd Church, V o n O rm y 
142 
• M eyers Pottery, Pearsa ll R oad 

1 43 — S o u th w e st H ig h S ch o o l, Farm R ood 
2 53 6 

145 — Sacre d H eart Church, Von O rm y 
1 49 — Thelm a Elem en tary Sch o o l, M artin ez 

 to y o ta R oad 
I 5 o — Thelm a Elem en tary Sch ool, M artinez 

 lo y o s a Road 
I 51 ■— Sacred H eart Church, Von O rm y 
152 — M eyers Pottery, Pearsall R oad 

2 2 4 — Balcones Heights City H all, I 23 Altgelt 

2 3 9 — N orthside School District office, 5 9 o o 
Evers Road 

2 4 o — Northside School D istrict office, 5 9 o o 
Evers Rood 
241 — Joh n G le n n Elem en tary Sch ool, 4 o o 
Jam tca 

24 2 — John G le n n Elem en tary Sch ool, 4 o o 
Jam ico 

2 4 4 — John G le n n Ele m en tary Sch o o l, 4 o o 
Jam ico 

2 4 5 — H elotes Elem entary School, Riggs Rood 
2 4 6 — H elotes Elem entary School Riggs Road 
2 47 
Leon Springs Elem entary Sch ool, Leon 
Springs 
248 
Leon Springs Elem entary School, le o n 

Springs 
253 
G ra n g e H all, Leon V alley 

255 
G rang e H all, le o n Volley 

2 5 6 — G ra n g e Hall, le o n V alley 

3 17 — Cam bridge Elem entary School, 1oo1 

Townsend 
3 18 — Cam bridge Elem entary School, IG O I 

Townsend 
3 1 9 — Terrell Hills Bn© Station, 5 1 o N N e w 

Braunfels 
3 2 o — Cam bridge Elem entary School, IG O I 

Townsend 
321 — Terrell Hills Eire Station, S I O N N e w 

Braunfels 
3 2 2 —- Terrell Hills Eire Station, 5 1 o N N e w 

Braunfels 
3 3 3 — - Ja c k s o n K e lle r E le m e n ta ry Sch o o l, 

16o1 Jackson Keller 
3 3 4 — Ja c k s o n K e lle r E le m e n ta ry Sch o o l, 
16o1 Jackson Keller 
3 49 — Selm a City Hall 
3 6 9 —- Sh ava n o Park Fire Station 
3 7o —- Sh ava n o Park Eire Station 
371 —- Selm a City Hall 

373 — Selm a City Hall 
443 —* St A nthony's Church, Elm endorf 

444 
• O ak Crest Junior High School, 9 7 8 7 
Sulphur Springs Road 

445 — Skloss Store, M artinez 

}*,o — Voigt Recreation Bldg , 7o1 El Portal 
351 — Voigt R ecreation Bldg . 7o1 EJ Portal 

352 — Sh avano Park Fire Station 

353 — Sh avan o Park Eire Station 

367 — Voigt Recreation Bldg , 7o1 El Portal 

446 — K irby Junior H igh School. 5441 Seguin 
Road 

448 — W ind crest City H all 
4 5 o — W ind crest C ity Hoi! 

451 — Universal City M u nicip al Building, IO O 
N orthview Drive 

4 52 — Universal City M unicipal Building, IO O 
N orth view Drive 

4 5 3 — Skloss Store, M artinez 

454 — O a k Crest Junior High School, 9 7 8 7 
Sulphur Springs R oad 

4 56 — Kirby hmior H igh School. 5441 Seguin 
Road 

4 5 7 — Universal City M unicipal Building. IO O 
N orth view D ove 

458 
St Anthony's C h urchy Elm endorf 
4 59 — St Anthony s Church, Elm endorf 
4 63 — W ind crest C ity H all 
INVENTORY# 
CLEARANCE SALEWA? 

Some Scratched - Some Dented - All priced to SELL ! 

 r a m a n 
VSHT HOOD 

3o" J 42" NOT ALL COLOGS 
VALVES 6H9J& 

ALOK7 
O W L V 
/ * - * 

K i t c h e n A i c S 

C L o s e -o u T 

D ISH W A SH E R S • COMPACTORS 

SAVe UP TO 
W 

/ 
K i t c h e n A i d 
HOT WATES. DISPOSER $1:o95 
NOW C U S T '' J * 

 stt our DEMONSTRATION 
SATU RD A Y-J A M S * Y A M -S P H 

T a p p a n 
MALLS QUAI/TV 

/ S . / 

TC# TASS SALE OA/Cr 
P O LLIN G S L T / 

M 3 2 1oo6 

 l l 4361 IO 

3o 2266 

33 1o36 OO 

96 ?4 S 4 a ) 

3o“ Slid e in G as Range 
A il porcelain Oven with lift off door IH I top and roll out broiler 

2 7 " Built in electric double oven, sell cleaning, auto clock. with full black glass oven door 

3o“ G as Range, G la ss Back 
Guard with Digital clock 

3o“ Drop in Electric Range. All porcelain oven, Visuatite oven window. Infinite heat elements 

23 6 Cu ft Side by Side 3 Door 
Refrigerator with chilled water dispense! Automatic Ice Maker and Frost free 

CHECK THESE TAPPAN BUYS ll h 

$ 1 9 9 . o o 

Reg 1639 9*) 
$ 4 5 4 . 5 5 

Reg 349 % 
$ 2 5 8 . o o 

Reg 1 2 4 9 % 
$ 2 1 7 . 3 o 

Reg 11o’9 OO 
$ 8 2 8 . o o 

96 IB M 26 
IB CU 
Ft 
Re ve rsib le D o ors 
R e grigerator. N o Frost. W ith 
Tempered glass shelves, Roller wheels tor easy cleaning 

7? 4246 
O ve r-U nder 
G as Range with 
Digital Clock. Both ovens have 
Continuous (deaning feature 

3o 2666 26 
Deluxe 3o“ 
G a s Range with 
Digital clock Timer and Electric 
Ignition on all burners 

76 4886 26 
Over Under 
M icrow ave G as 

Range with Selector Control. 

73 4476 OO 
Over tinder Electric Rang# with 
Digital Clock, One piece smooth 
Cook top 

Reg 1549 oo 
$399.oo 

Rag $569 96 
$369.95 

Reg 1439% 
$328.oo 

Reg $995 OO $777.oo 

Reg 1769 95 $565.oo 

3o ? B % 26 
3o ' O 'Keefe Merritt Gas Range with C o n v e ctio n a l Oven 
Reg 1639 9b 
$ 3 5 o o o 

Light Fixtures 

START A T 
JU S T ^ 8 6 

H O M Y fO / 

2639 MOSSROCK 
PH- 341-7731 

H 
O 
U 
R 
S 
: M o n 
. - F r i . 
8 
- 6 
, 

T h u r f. 8 - 8 , S a t . 9 - 5 

• A v + * <4 -•- 

CLAUDINE GUILTY 

Continued from Page IA 

DeWolfe, a 27-year-old supermarket clerk, did comment and said he hopes 
Miss Longet does not get a prison term. 
" I wouldn't want her to go to pri­ son,” he said. “ Heavens, no. By no means is she the type of person who should be in jail. I don’t think she’s a threat to society.” 
DeWolfe said he originally voted to acquit Miss Longet on all charges but was convinced in talking with other 
.jurors that finding her guilty on the lesser charge was a fair verdict. 
DeWolfe said he believes the entire trial was a waste of taxpayers’ mon­ ey. He said he believes Miss Longet would never have been brought to trial had she not been a celebrity. 
“ I think they should have plea bargained and straightened this out. 
There was no need to make this big fuss about it.” 
The jury's verdict climaxed a trial which involved virtually all residents of this tiny Rocky Mountain ski vil­ lage. The victim. Vladimir “ Spider” 
Sabich. was a local hero, a profes­ sional ski champion and one-time member of the U.S. Olympic team lie was 31 when he died last March 
21, shot through the stomach by a .22 caliber bullet fired from a gun held by Miss Longet. He bled to death on the bathroom floor of the mountain­ side chalet the couple had shared for two years. 
Miss Longet would explain it later 

 as a tragic accident. “ I loved 
Spider,” she wept on the witness stand. “ I loved the man that he was.” 
She told in agonizing detail of her efforts to save his life after the shot fired. “ He called my name three times and sort of slid to the floor,” she recalled. “ I tried to give him mouth-to-mouth resuscitation, but I didn't know how .” 
She said she had been asking 
Sabich for instructions on how to use the German-made imitation Luger which he kept in their chalet. 
A key point of evidence was whether Sabich told her that the gun was inoperable as she held it. She said she asked him if the safety catch was on, and he assured her it was, replying. “ You’ve got it.” 
However, police who arrested her the night of the shooting said the distraught Miss Longet told them she knew the safety was “ off.” 
As it turned out, ballistics experts testified that the safety mechanism was broken and the gun would have fired iii any position. 
Evidence 
Some of the evidence against Miss 
Longet, which could have been severely damaging, was ruled inad­ missable by the Colorado Supreme 
Court. They ruled her rights were violated when officers siezed an in­ timate diary from her dresser and wh('n they insisted on taking blood and urine samples from her. 
Many jurors knew about the items 
PAY HIKE 

Continued from Page IA 

 high officials of the executive branch. 
The commission suggested that such a code require disclosure of fin­ ancial affairs, restrict outside income and place limits on private employ­ ment after government service. 
Conduct link 

Robert C. Byrd of West Virginia, the Senate Democratic leader, told reporters that Ford would also re­ commend that the raises be linked to a code of conduct. 
A special House panel has begun consideration of a code of ethics, hut. under the federal pay.law, the raises could go into effect in 3o days even if the code had* not been approved by then. 
The raises to be proposed by Ford, according to the congressional 

 leaders, were similar but not identi­ cal to those recommended by the sa­ lary commiseion. 
Suggested raises 

• The vice president, from $65,6oo to $75,ooo. 
• 
M em bers of the Senate and 
House, from $44,6oo to $57,5oo. 
• Cabinet members, from $63,ooo to about $67,ooo. 
• 
Appeals Court Judges, from 
$42,6oo to about $57,5oo. and District 
Court Judges from $42,ooo to about 
$55,ooo. 
The leaders said that Ford had also asked for legislation that would pro­ vide Secret Service protection for 
Vice President Rockefeller, Secre­ tary of State Henry A. Kissinger and 
Secretary of the Treasury William F. 
Simon and their fam ilies for six months after they leave office. 

 of evidence from news accounts, but they were never mentioned in the courtroom. 
Weedman's 9o-minute summation. iii which he portrayed the 29-year-old prosecutor, Ashley Anderson, as an insensitive youth, brought an angry response. 
“ It ’s very insulting,” Anderson said of the reference to his age. 
“ Mr. Woodman says to hold onto her hand when you judge her. You don’t judge her!” he shouted at the jury. “ You judge what she did. You don’t judge Claudine Longet.” 
Miss Longet testified in the trial that the gun she held fired acciden­ tally, killing Sabich. 

Devil’s playground 

Woodman, who is from 
Los 
Angeles, reminded the seven men aud five women on the ju ry of 
Aspen's reputation as “ the D evil’s playground.” 
“ If there s any evil in this town,” he said, “ it was the evil of the gossip about tin' relationship between 
Spider and Claudine.” 

 lits voice rising, he said, “ They had this whole town to bring into this courtroom. And not one single loud­ mouthed gossip was able to come here and tell you anything bad about this relationship. 
“ For that, there should be some shame in this community.” 
The prosector in his summation said the French-born singer “ had her finger on the trigger with tin' gun 2\2 feet away from Spider and pointed it right at him.” 

Testimony 

Anderson recalled testimony from two law enforcement officers who said Miss Longet told them the night of the shooting she was joking with 
Sabich when the 22-caliber pistol she was holding went off. 

The two officers agreed Miss Lon­ get told them she playfully raised the gun at Sabich as he was show ing her how to use it. One officer quoted Miss 
Longet as saying she told her lover 
“ boom, boom” before the gun went off. The other used the words “ bang, bang.” 

Miss Longet said Sabich told her the gun’s safety mechanism was on. but ballistics experts testified the safely did not work 

San Antonio EX P R E S S- N E W S — Saturday January 15 1977 

March cf Dimes mothers and fathers will march through San Antonio neighborhoods ringing doorbells and knocking on doors in the 1977 
M others’ M arch Satu rd ay, Sunday and M on­ day. M others’ March Co-chairman Virna Patton finalizes plans with volunteer area leader David 
Robinson and San Antonio Metropolitan Area 
Poster Child Sterling Rich. Robinson is the only man running a mothers’ march. He is responsi­ ble for a 57-block area. 

FTC says dentists are price fixing 

W ASHINGTON (A P ) - 
The Federal Trade finn mission slapped price fix­ ing and other charges against the dental profes­ sion on Friday, an action aimed at allowing Am er­ icans to shop for tooth care as they would a candy bar. 
The commission accused the American Dental As­ sociation, w hose 124,66o members include 95 per cent of t he nut ion’s den­ tists. of \ dilating federal antitrust law through ethics lodes that bar advertising and “ prevent or hinder price competition." 

The case is the latest in a series of commission steps designed to open up competition, and p ar­ ticularly the advertising of prices, in professional ser­ vices Similar moves have 

 been made against lawyers, doctors, opt mans and the drug industry within the last year. 
Denies 
Iii Chicago, the ADA is sued a statement that it 
“ has neither fostered any practices nor engaged in any conduct relating lo its advertising ethics which is 

 i i i \ dilation of the Federal 
Trade ( ommission Act 
The FTC said that, aside from the complaint against the ADA. it is commencing 

. i i i investigation of the en­ tire dental care field 
The probe w ill determ ine 
"whether restrictions im ­ posed by private aud governmental entities on the pro\isioti of dental ser- v ices may be unfair meth­ ods of com petition,” the agency said. 

Car hits and kill 

Senate approves 
Dr. Iv protection 

W ASHINGTON POST S IRVtCf 
, W A SH IN G T O N 
- 
President Ford proposed and the Senate quickly ap­ proved Friday a bill that would make Vice President 
Nelson Rockefeller, Secre­ tary of State Henry K is ­ singer and Treasury Secre­ tary William Simon eligible for 
Secret 
Service protection for six months after leaving office. 
Kissinger is the only one 

 of the three know ii to want such protection. 

A spokesman for Simon said he would refuse con­ tinued protection and 
Rockefeller could not be reached 
He has long em­ ployed private guards. 
Kissinger* is the prime mover behind the unprece­ dented extension of Secret 
Service protection to former Cabinet officers 

 pal r of r i 

Bv C E C I L Cl ll I 
Two young men, whom police said were fighting in the middle of a road, were struck and killed by an on­ coming automobile Friday night. 
Pronounced dead at the 
Green Hospital at 16 46 p m of multiple injuries were Leonard A Mims, 22, of 5535 Middlefield Drive, and Nelson Oliver, 26, of 
5H26 Sandy Valley St 
Police said the accident occurred shortly after Kl p rn. in the 78oo of the New 
Laredo Highway. Accord­ ing to police, the two men 

 gillers 

 apparently stopped their southbound car on the shoulder of the road, got out and began fighting 
Prone 
<Iffier!s reported the two men were apparent Iv prone on the road when struck 
Both were dragged between 
IS aud 26 feet by the force of the impact. officers report ed 
Police Nil iii they were un­ able to determine what tin* two were fighting about 
The dri\er of the south­ bound cur was identified by officers as Francisco Urru- tii). 25. of Atascosa 
Actor Finch collapses, dies 

LOS A N G E L E S (A P ) — Actor Peter 
Finch, who often played dissolute aris­ tocrats and capped a brilliant carcer por­ traying a deranged anchorman in the movie, “ Network,” died Friday. He was 

 r n . 
Finch’s personal publicist, Ned Koen­ igs berg, said the actor collapsed at the 
Beverly Hills Hotel Friday morning as he waited for a breakfast m eeting with 
“ Network" director Sidney Lumet. 
The announcement was delayed more than two hours while authorities tried to notify the actor’s wife. Eletha, who had left the couple’s Bel Air home to take their children to school. 
A UCLA Medical ( enter spokesman confirmed that Finch died at 1o:22 a.in. but the cause of death was not determined. 
A spokesman at the Beverly Hills Hotel said Finch bad suffered an apparent heart attack while sitting in the lobby waiting for Lumet. 
* “ When I walked into the lobby about 9 b elock,” said Lumet, “ I saw Peter start to 
.leave and then fall over. He opened hts eyes once and I think he saw me. but then he went out." 
Looked old 

Finch had appeared on NBC’s “ Tonight 
Show" Thursday night, and a spokesman for the show said, “ He looked old to me, older than I had expected.” 
Finch was stricken at the peak of a long and distinguished career. C ritics had 

 hailed his portrayal of the mad newscaster 
Howard Beale in “ Network” and a posth­ umous Academy nomination for best actor seems certain. The actor had prepared tor the role with customary thoroughness, studying the network anchormen but not copying them. 
Entebbe film 
His most recent role was in the NBG version of the Israeli commando rescue of airline hostages, “ Raid on Enteb be.” 
Finch had recently moved his family to 
Los Angeles to pursue his career. 
• “ I don’t like living in England and my wife doesn’t like the climate,” he told an interviewer. “ I tried living in Paris, but, like New York, it is a lovely place to be — but not for a long time. I lived in Switzer­ land arid found the life orderly there, but dull. Jamaica I loved, but I decided it was a mistake for an actor to be so far away from things. 
4o years 
“ It makes sense for me to live in Hol­ lywood. It is still the center of the movie business.” 
Finch had been in films almost 46 years, starting in Australia in 1938. He was born in London Sept. 28, 1916, of Australian parents, hts father a physicist and member of the Leigh-Mallory expedition to 
Mt. Everest in 1922. 
His parents separated when the boy was 
2 and he lived for eight years with a grandmother near Versailles. 

Ll 

 m ? m w 
Reduced! 
Stratolounger . .inviting comfort 

 innovations in reclining chairs! 

\ i 
V ) 

I 15% to 4o% off 
T selected styles 
I only during 
A January.- 

4225 M cCu l l o u g h — 8 2 2 -o 6 5 3 
S irWUN HILDEBRAND A OLMOS 

A. Save ‘2o.o7! 

Modern/transitional 
Close-Up” 

 sits 4” from the wall yet fully reclines with a deep biscuit-tufted back and cop arms upholstered in a practical, blendabte, beige stripe 
Herculon". 3ox36x43 ”, 

B. Save ‘2o.o7! 

Transitional 
Close-Up” design 

 featuring smart saddle arms and deep diamond tufted back covered in easy-care, long-wearing, gold 
Herculon*. Amazing recliner that really hugs the wall! 36x39x42 

C. Save ‘3o.o7! 

Traditional handle arm XP* Rocker recliner with deep biscuit-tufted back, rolled arms and kick pleat skirt in gold velvet. 
Multi- 

 positional, both rocks and reclines. 
33x36x38 . 

$ 

Reg. $189.95 
169 88 
$ 

Reg. $199.95 
179 88 
$ 

Reg. $269.95 
239 88 

O ur O w n Convenient Credit plus Master Charge * and Bank Amor icard" 
Delivery and set-up at no extra charge within delivery area 

R o o ts*** R arotkin’s 

Broadway 
Downtown 
Big M City 
North Star 
98o3 Broodway 
331 (. C o m m e n t 
S- Now Braunfels A 
San Pedro A loop 
834-94o2 
• 
227-6361 
6 
Seetfccreti $34-6181 
• 
342-2331 
Open 1o-9 Mm , thor* th. 
Open 9-S IO Mon thru Set- 
Open 1o 9 Men., Puhi., Ort. 
Open 1o 9 Man , Then 
Open 1o4 fee*-, 14*4, Set. except then Nile till OJO 
Open 1o-o Tee*., Wed, Jet. 
Open IO O tues. 6x4 

41o 

TXI v»rt »t»t 
The POW ER of FAITH 
BY 
WOOD! ISHMAE 
RELIGION 

PARKHILLS 
BAPTIST 
14o15 Son P e d ro A ve 
D r 
Jo h n B arb ee , Pa sto r 
Sid W 
M tllegan. Ed u catio n 
Llo yd G a rc ia , M usic D irecto r 
Sam Sow der, M in iste r of Youth 
K a ris h a Le e p e r, M usic & Youth 
9 IO A M 
S u n d ay School 
1o IO A M 
W O R S H IP S E R V IC E 
5 45 P M 
C H R IS T IA N T R A IN IN G 
6 45 P M 
E V E N IN G S E R V IC E n o p M W E D N E S D A Y P R A Y E R 
S E R V IC E 
Su p ervised n u rse ry at oil se rvice s 

Saturday January 15 1977 

SAN PEDRO 
CHURCH OF CHRIST 

822-33o5 — Tel 824 2o89 
311 ja ck s o n K e lle r a1 San P e d ro 
G B S T A N L E Y M in ister 
Sunday S e rv ice s 
Bib le Classes 9 3o a rn 
W orship S e rv ice s 1o.3o a m . 6 OO p rn. W e d n e s d a y M id w e ek s e rv ic e 
7:3o p m. 
N u rs e ry open d uring oil se rvice s 
SU N SET RIDGE 
CHURCH OF CHRIST 

B re e s at E m p o ria 
Telephone 824-4548 
M in ister 
Ro y F O sborne 
B ib le C lasses — 9. 15 a m 
W o rsh ip 
S e rvice s — IO 3o a rn and 6 (JO p rn 
W ednesday B ib le Classes — IO a m and 7. 3o p m 
Attended n u rse ry tor all se rvice s 

Community Church 

A SC EN SIO N 
LUTHERAN CHURCH 

V ern o n B rie tk ru e tt, Psto r 
1o4o Donaldson A ve 
(IO blocksp w est of 
F re d e ric k s b u rg R o a d ) 
Sund ay Schedule 
Sunday School, 9 3o A M 
W orship S e rv ice . IO 3o A M 
H oly Com m union first Sunday each month 
Com e and w orship with us 

^TRINITY amini 

875o Fourw ind s D r 
IH 35 at Loop 4)o 
' Inter D enom inational 
C ongregation ol B e lie v e rs ' 
Po sto r A L L E N R A N D O L P H 
W orship 
8 15 A M. 
B ib le Fellow ship 
9 45 A M 
W orship to 
5o A M 
Bod y Life S e rv ice 
6 OO P M 
W ed nesd ay 
C h arism atic Teaching 
7 3o P M 
T hursdoy 
Hom e M in is trie s 
7 3o P M 

CHRIST LUTHERAN 
CHURCH 

47o2 B ro a d w a y in A lam o Mgts. 
The R e v 
A rth u r E 
Rode 
The R e y 
H a ro ld M oench, 
P a s to rs 
E irs! S e rh c e - 8 OO a rn 
Sund ay 
Sunday S c h o o l-9 15 a m 
Second S e rv ic e — IO 3o o m 

CONCO RDIA 
LUTHERAN CHURCH 

1824 B asse Road 
D r G uido M e rk e n s 
Senior P a s to r 
R e v N orm an Abbott, V s! P is to r 
R e v Theodore G ra a lm a n n , Asst 
S U N D A Y S C H E D U L E 
A M 
9 OO E irst servir e 
1o OO Sund ay School, all ages 
11 OO Second S e rv ic e 
P M 
7 OO T hird Ser vie e 
7 OO Sunday School, ages 3 I? 
8 OO Singles open house 
N U R S F R Y P R O V ID E D 

GRACE LUTHERAN 
CHURCH 

5o4 A ven ue E . 

Pho ne: 

 at M cC ullough 

224 9131 

Three B lo ck s N orth of The A lam o 
Po sto r, R o b ert J Adix 

8 OO and IO 45 A M 
W orship 
9.3o A M 
Sund ay School 

T H E B I B L E 

N o. 274. T h e K in g ’s D re am 

During the second year of his reign, King Nebuchadnezzar was troubled by a mysterious, frightening dream; however, when he awoke, he could not recall the dreams He ordered his astrologers, magicians and sorcerers to recall the dream or face destruction. Daniel and his three companions prayed to God and received the dream and the interpretation, and Daniel gave it to the king 
Then the king Nebuchadnezzar fell upon his face, and worshipped Daniel, and commanded that they should offer an oblation and sweet odours unto him." (Daniel 2:46) 
Then the king made Daniel a great man, and gave him many great gifts, and made him ruler over the whole province of Babylon, and chief of the governors over all the wise men of Babylon. Then 
Daniel requested of the king, and he set Shadrach, Meshach, and Abednego, over the affairs of the province of Babylon: but Daniel sat in the gate of the king " (Daniel 2 48-49) 

A P N e w s f c o l u r e s 

A 
S p e c i a l 

I n v i t a t i o n 

T o A t t e n d 

C h u r c h F r o m 

Aggregate Plant 
Products Co. 

N GT try t it M iiitv^rjv v { 
I D J t i n 
Sears, Roebuck and Co. 

Garza Finance Co. 

Bexar County 
National Bank 
V tw tb tf F u I ( 

Jfcll-Craft Punch Poses 

PRIMITIVE BAPTIST 
CHURCH 
4o5 W olton A ve 

M ep ls 1st, jn a and 4fh S u n d ays of 
IO JO A M. t o r in fo rm a tio n co ll 661 7o58 otter 
6 OO P M 

Southed! Baptist 

CASTLE HILLS FIRST 
BAPTIST CHURCH 
222o N W M ilita ry Hw y 
B la n c o exit off Looo 41o 
P ro c la im in g the 
A b und ant Lite in C hrist 
D r G eorg e H H a rris Po sto r 
Jo m e s H En n is 
A ssociate Pasto r 
M alco lm A G rain g er 
M o usier ot M usic 
E d R Hum an t •eld E vonaelist 
Irv in g Cook 
Edu< Olton D irector 
Helen Code 
< hurch Visitor 
Sunday Schools <vt io ll OO a m 
M o rn in g W o rsh ip S e rv ic e s (V M 

 t .erne 
( hr is), 
W cdne 

 g W ar ship Se 
OO p rn 
OO p rn I e 
(7 I 

/ 
Assembl 

Castle Hills 
ASSEMBLY 
214 Roleto 
Mites W est OI C entro l P a rk 
M all on lo o p 41o) 
342 4279 
P a s to r Jo h n H u aee 

 m in g We 
Hung We 

 ol 
IO 

T U E S D A Y 

 ibIe Study A 

N u rse ry p rovid ed a ! all 
•The C hurch Yo u ye B e e n 

Assembly of God 

FIRST ASSEM BLY 
OF G O D 
83o S E M ilita ry Dr 
• B etw een R o osevelt and M o re s) 
R e v D ay Robison P asto r 
Phone 922 7541— 924 1587 
U N D A Y 
S I R V K I 
S u lid o 
(hoot t 45 a m 
W o rs h ip 
IO I rn Ju n io r (h u r c h S e rv ic e s in Au int y Auditor iuni tor C hild ren ol cl iges 
IO 45 a rn yo u th M eetings 
OO 
O rn t VU r> JC l i t ! 

■WL O N I 

OAK M EA D O W 
ASSEMBLY OF G O D 
2/14 H u nters G re e n 
(N W 
5 
A l 
Phone 492 I J H 
R e v 
Jo ck R o b ertson 
Postor 
Sunday S e rv ic e s 
“zundav St bool - 9 45 a rn 
M orn in g W orship 
IO a rn 
R r lase 
R a lly - 
7 OO P m m ea r a in ily night I 3o p rn 
N U R S E R Y P R O V ID E D F O R A L L 
S E R V IC E S 
A C H U R C H O F D E S T IN Y 

GLAD TIDIN GS 
ASSEM BLY OF G O D 
2143 So 
W W 
W hite R d 
(Lo o p I ) 
Ja m e s M 
B ro th e rs . Pasto r 
W Oyoe V e il, A ssistan t P asto r 
San d fly 
Ser v ire s 
S u n d ay 
School 
V 45 a m 
Ic* 
I ? OO noon 
N e w c o n c e p t in 
C h ris tia n 
E d u c a tio n 
M o rn in g W orship IO SO a rn 
Youth 
Spr yn e 
6 OO p m 
E v a n g e lis t ic 
S e r v ile I OO p rn 
W ed nesd ay Ser yjt e 
B ib le Study. I 3o p rn 
R o yal 
R an g e rs cmd M is s io n a ry 7 3o P m 
N u rs e ry attendant on duty at each ser vice 
(Ja y t o r e arid K in d e rg a rte n 
IU tost gro w ing s p iritu a l ch u rch w ith a vision 

CRESTVIEW BAPTIST 
CHURCH 
W a ire m of E o g ie c re s t—OSS 7451 l l M ile E a s t of R o osevelt 
High School) 
L o r r y i 
JO N E S 
Po sto r 
S A M M O O R E , M usic D irecto r 
9 45 a rn 
B ib le Study tor all ages 
11 OO a rn 
W o rsh ip S e rv ice 
6 OO p m 
Sunday night P la c e 
7 OO p rn 
E v e n in g W orship S e rv ic e 
7 OO p rn 
W ed nesd ay P ro v e r 
Ser vice- 
N u rs e ry open tor all se rvice s 
Visitors w elcom e 
Com e G ro w W ith Us 

EISENHAUER ROAD 
BAPTIST 
395o Eisen h au er Road 
R om F e lt am ende Pasto r 
Ph il Je w e tt 
M inister of M usic and 
Youth 
Sundo « 
S' hoc v ii a m M o rn in g 
W ar s h ip 
IO 4 t a m 
, 
C h u r c h 
I i a in rig 
6 OO p m 
E v e n i n g 
W o r s h ip 
7 OO P m 
M is s io n 
O rg a n iz a tio n s 
6 1o p m W e d n e s d a y . 
M i d w e e k 
P l a y e r tv ice - / IS p m , G u id e d C h o irs, 
K in d e r g a r te n ; B u s M im s t iy , N ur sci v p rovid ed 

LACKLAND BAPTIST 
CHURCH 
27 18 F ronlier Dr 
4/4 27o2 
Ja m e s O 
Todd 
Po sto r 
Stephen Heather 
M in ister of Ed u cation 
Jim m y M urdock 
M u s h a Vol th D irector 

FIRST BAPTIST 
CHURCH 
5)5 M cC ullough 
•'Only M inutes A w ay by E x p r e s s w a y " 
D r Jim m y R Allen. Po sto r 
Sun d ay S e rv ice s v JO a rn Sun d ay School ll M a o M o rn in g W orship 
6 OO p rn C h u rch T raining 
7 o5 p rn E venm g W orship 
' S p in 
W e d n e s d a y m id w eek s e r v ic e ( B r o a d c a s t o v e r k k y x 
R adio and K S A T (C hannel 12 ll OO a rn S u n d a y) 

NORTHEAST 
BAPTIST CHURCH 
293o B itte rs R o a d — 824 7235 
W H 
L o n g — P o st or 
Rex Sh an n o n — Ed u ca tio n 
Cliff H a rd e n — M u s ic / Youth 
S U N D A Y S C H E D U L E 
9 JO a m o-bie Stu d y (A il og es) 
IO 5o O m W o rsh ip 
4 3o p rn Yo uth Choir 
6 OO D rn C h ristia n Train in g 
6 OO p rn E le m e n ta ry C h o rs 
7 OO p rn E venm g W orship 
W I DNC S D A Y S C H E D U L E 
6 oo p m M issio n a ry O rganizations 
7 IO p m M id W eek S e rv ice 
8 2o D m Adult Choir 
N U R S f R Y O P E N A l I S t P V H E S 
W t I k D A Y 
K IN D E R G A R T E N 
P R O G R A M 

NORTHRIDGE PARK 
BAPTIST CHURCH 
C h e w Chose and E ise n h au e r R d 
T A4 o539 
Ja m e s M 
Reid, Pasto r 
9 ll a rn 
Sund ay 
St hoot tor all 

 a 
Mc ig 
W arsh ip 
.ice i p rn C h u rch in (raining rung W orship S e rv ice p m 
W ed nesd ay 
P r a y 
N u rs e ry open tor Oh Si tors w elcom e 

 idol 
Ser i rice 

Baptist 
Churches 

EASTSIDE PRIMITIVE 
BAPTIST CHURCH 

13o4 W Hem Rd 
Phone 333 2*1o 
Po sto r E id e r iD r ) J 
P 
Date J r 
S e rv ice s 
2ND S A T U R D A Y N IG H T 7 3o P AA 
/N O Sund ay IO 
U A M 

4 TH Sunday IO id A M 

8 JO a rn F irsl W orship S e ri 
9 IO a rn Sund ay School l l OO a rn Second W roship S e rv ic e 
4 OO p rn. Youth Choir 
5 45 a rn C hurch T raining 
I OO p m t venm g W orship Ser vice 
W ed nesd ay S e rvice s 
6 JO p m 
T e ach e rs s A O fficer s 
M e e tin g A cte e n s 
G ir ls in A ction 
R s A Pre School. Choir 
7 JO p m 
M dWeefc 
P r a y e r 

8 JO p in 
Sane tour y 
C hair 
R e h e arsal 
( N U R S E R Y O H I N E D R 
Al L St P Y K I S I 
G R A D E D ( H O i K S (S e p t e m b e r through A p ili) 
Tuesday 
J oo 4 OO p m 
(G rad e s 
3 4 5) 
W ed nesd ay 
J OO J 45 p rn (G ra d e s 
I 2) 

MANOR BAPTIST 
CHURCH 

M ano r Dr at M ereann 
(2 blocks west of 
Jefferson High School) 
O r N athan L Stone, 
Pastor 
O r P re n le ss F e rre ll 
A ssociate Pastor/ 
C hristian Education 
M r L e e M oresh. 
M in ister of Music 

M iss D ione H a il 
M in ister of Youth A R ecreatio n 

9 JO o rn Sund ay School 
1o 5o a in 
M o rn in g w orship 
Set m an by 
Pastor 
N athan 
I 
Stone 

••» w as afraid 

 h o r n F verona W arship 
Serm on by Po sto r N athan l Stone, 
■ W hat The Lo rd H a te s" r p m 
W ednesday Se rvice 
Sup ervised n u rse ry to all se rvice s 

SHEARER HILLS 
BAPTIST 
CHURCH 
8o2 O B L A T E 
C harles J 
W isdom . 
Pasto r 
Ph illip Sitton 
M inister of M usic ond A d m inistration 

Jo hn M (M a r ty ) 
Brow n, M inister 
S U N D A Y 
Of Youth v (o Bib le study 
IO 45 M o rn in g W orship 
6 oo M e m b e rs in Training 
7 OO I venm g W orship 
W t O N E SD A y 
I IS M id w e e k w o r s h ip S e r y i t e . 
M is s io n A u x ilia r ie s , Y o u b h B ib le 
Study G roups 
8 15 S a n ctu ary Choir R e h e a rs a l 

TRINITY BAPTIST 
CHURCH 
319 E 
M ulb e rry 
Dr 
B u ck n e r Fanning, Pasto r 
R e v 
R F 
(B o b ) W idem on, 
A ssociate Postor 
R e v 
Tom m y Lyons. 
M inister of M usic 
R e y 
Don M cLendon, 
M inister et Ed ucation 
R e v 
D anny M u rra y . 
M inister of Youth 
M r 
Ben Free m a n , 
M inister ot A ctivities 
M rs 
San d ra M osier. D irecte r et 
Sp ecial O utreach M inistries 
M rs 
O artene Rogers, 
P r e School D irector 
M r 
J VV 
Fortner 
Business A d m inistrato r 
S U N D A Y 
9 
JO a m 
S u n d a y 
School 
11 OO o m 
W o rs h ip 
S e rv ic e 
6 OO p m 
- 
C h ris tia n 
Education 
7 OO p m 
- 
W orship 
Ser .ice 
W E O N E S O A K 6 ii e rn 
— P r a y e r 
S e rvice I IS p rn _ Choir P ra c tic e 
Attended n u rse ries open tor ail services 

UNIVERSITY PARK 
BAPTIST CHURCH 
2 3o8. Cincinnati at B a n d e ra tread 
( I block east et 
Gen 
M cM u llen D riv e ) 
Ja m e s M cK ee. Pastor 
T e rry W 
W ilkins 
M inister et M usic A youth 
S U N D A I a m 
W orship S e rvice 

RFVIVAL TFMPIE 
131o Texas Avenue 
Jo hn M Bell Pastor 
M D Beadles. Assistant 
Sunday School. 9.45 a rn 
M orning W orship. 
IO 45 rim 
The 
Bob 
La rs o n 
S in g e rs 
P r e s e rv ic e p ra ye r. 6: JO p rn 
Everting 
W orship 
7 OO p m 
The 
Bob Lorson Singers 1977 M id Term 
M issionary Convention, 
M onduv F rid a y . 
Ja n 
17 21 
Rev. 
Leon ard 
Pox will be the special evening sp eaker in the 7:3o p m services. 
__________________ 
Charismatic Baptist 

CALVARY CHAPEL 
11o7 W 
H ildebrand 
F . Goode F o ste r Po sto r 
Sundov Sch o ol— tOA M 
W o rsh ip — It A M 
Sunday E v e — 7 P M 
W ed 
E v e — 7 lo p m 
N ursery P ro vid e d 

Christian Church 
Disciples of Christ 

ALAM O HEIGHTS 
CHRISTIAN CHURCH 
64oo Block N 
N ew B ra u n fels 
828 5728 
R e v 
E a r l R 
Bissex 
M inister 
P a r k e r t 
Cross. 
A ssociate M inister 
8 3o a rn W arsh ip S e rv ice v b o m C h u rch School 
IO 5o a rn W o rsh ip S e rv ice 
I? OO 
Noon 
Fello w ship 
6 p m . Youth M eetings 
E x fe lle n t N u rs e ry 
Am ple p a rk in g 

CENTRAL CHRISTIAN 
CHURCH 
Mom A venue at R o m ano P la z a 
227 5273 
M in isters 
Dr 
Thom as Youngblood 
R o vc e E 
M akm 
C hurch School 
9 45 a m 
W orship IO 45 u rn 
F a m ily p ro g ram s 
6 p m 
N u rsery a v ailab le 
A Frie n d ly wet com e aw aits you P le n ty of p ark in g 

C O M M U N IS 
CHRISTIAN CHURCH 

(Disciples of Christ) 
C H U R C H S C H O O L 9 45 A M 
W O R S H IP ll Ut) A M 
(N u rs e ry Pro vid e d ! l i v e Oak 
E le m e n ta ry School Old 
Spanish l r 
A W elcom e Dr 
D ean 
E 
R o gers, 
M inister 
O ffice Phone 654 6666 

W O O D LA W N 
CHRISTIAN 
CHURCH 
(D iscip le s of C hrist) 
W est G ra m e rc y at E lm e n d o rf 
(acro ss from W oodlaw n C ir ) 
17oo F re d e rick s b u rg Rd 
R e v 
B L 
Bro w n 
Senior M inister 

The R e v 
Tom w 
Neon A ssociate 
M inister 

S u n d o v S e r v ic e 
C h u r c h S c h o o l 
9 JO M o m m a w orship IO 45 
Serm on 
Subiect 
W H A T 
IS 
A 
C H R IS T IA N ? 

I venmg Youth G roup A OO p rn 
(h u d c o re d u rin g m o rn in g 
V u e 
A m p le p a r k in g 
A t n c i welcom e aw a its you 

Christian Science 

S U B J E C T O F L E S S O N 

L I F E " 

FIRST CHURCH 
SOI North A lam o jndov 
S e rv ile 
V JO IO IO 

 ilidoy Si hoc! 11 OO edm day Eve n in g M eeting 8 OO 
SECOND CHURCH 
M agnolia and Belk nap 

THIRD CHURCH 
27oo S 
N ew B ra u n fe ls 

W ednesday E vening M eeting I OO 
FIRST CHURCH 
(ALAMO HEIGHTS) 
1o4 C L O V E R L E A F 
Sunday S e rv ice ll OO 
Sunda y Sc hoot 11 OO 
W ednesday E venm g M eeting 7 JO 
R E A D IN G R O O M S 
324 N 
St 
M a r y s 
Colonies N orth M alt 
IH IO A W u rib a c h Rd 
27oo S 
N ew B ra u n fe ls 
5o12 B ro a d w a y 

Churches of Christ 

CHRISTCHURCH 
B elk n ap at W est Russell 
Sunday 
8:oo a m. Holy Com m union 
OO o m 
F a m ily S e rv ice and Sun day School 
11: OO a m 
M orning W orship 
(1st and 
3rd 
S u n d ays— H oly 
Com m union) 
Tuesday 
5 OO p m. 
H o ly C o m m u n io n an d 
H ealing S e rv ice 
T h u rsd ay to OO a m 
Holy Com m union 
The 
R e v 
Jo h n 
H 
M acN au q h to n 
R ecto r 
The R e v 
Holher Tom lin 
The R e v 
M e lvin G ro v 
The R e v Sam u el Todd. Jr 
A ssociate Re< tors 
The R e v 
Sam u el O tr C ap ers, D D 
R ecto r E m e ritu s 

NORTHEAST 
THE CHURCH OF 
RECONCILIATION 

S to rcre st at B a rrin g to n in M a ry m o n t 

8 OO a rn 
H oly Com m unio n 
IO 3o a rn 
M orn in g W orship N u rs e ry and 
Sunday School 
R e v 
Jo e L 
B ro w n 
R ecto r — Tel 
655 2731 or 824 221o 

CHURCH OF 
ST. STEPHEN 
SOUTHEAST 

3726 S N ew B ra u n fe ls at tH 37 
4 M inutes from D owntown 
Phone 
534 54o9 
The R e v C h arle s H B e r r y Jr ., 
R e cto r 
S U N D A Y 
S a m Holy C om m union, 
IO a rn 
E u c h a r is t C h u rc h S ch o o l c lasses, nu rse ry 
T U E S D A Y 
7 JO p rn 
Eu ch a ris t H ealing 
W E D N E S D A Y 
IO a m 
Holy 
Com m union 

ST. G EO R G E 
EPISCOPAL CHURCH 
69o4 W est A venue at M ilita ry H w y 
The R e v R Randolph Cooorr 
R e cto r r 
Church Pho ne 
34 2 4 261 
D ay School Pho ne 342 4263 
S U N D A Y 
W o rs h ip S e r v ic e 9 OO 
A M Sunday School IO 13 A M W oi 
■hip S e rv ic e It OO A M 
P r a y e r A 
P ra is e 7 3o P M 

W E D N E S D A Y , H ealing S e rv ice 7 JO 
P M 
T H U R S D A Y 
H oly Com m union 6 3o 
A M 
H e a lin g S e r v ic e IO OO A M 
E vert song 7 OO P M 
S A T U R D A Y , H oly Com m union 8 OO 
A m Bib le Study 
ST. LUKE S 
EPISCOPAL CHURCH in A lam o Heights 
Pho ne 828 6425 
The R e v 
D avid P 
C o n n u vs j r 
R ector 
The 
R e y 
Christop her 
Jo n es, 
J r 
D ay School H ead m aster 
The R e v 
D ouglas E 
Thom os 
A ssistant 
The R e v 
C 
Je ff K ra e m e r 
A ssistant 
The R e y 
Ja m e s K 
Alcorn 
A ssistant 
Sunday 
S e rv ice s 
7 45 
9 OO an a 
11 OO a rn and 6 Off p rn 
Adult and Youth classes V 45 a rn 

ST. M ARK’S 
EPISCOPAL 
CHURCH 
D O W N T O W N 

3o7 E a s t P e ca n at T ra v is P a rk 
Pho ne 
224 2426 
The R e v Stan ley F H auser. R e cto r 
The Hew Jo h n C Ball. J r 
The R e v C Don Bough 
The R e v Jo h n R Roen 
The R I R e v J W ilson H unter 
The R e v E d n a M D ie t! 
Sundov 
I OO a rn H oly Com m union 

S U N D A Y 
8 OO a rn 
H o ly Com munton V JO A M Holy Com m union 
(C h a p e l) 1o.3o A M M o rn in g W or ship & C h u rch School 
M O N D A Y T H R U F R ID A Y 
8 JO 
A M M O R N IN G P r a y e r , (C h ap e l) 
F R I D A Y t i 
45 A M 
H e a lih g 
Se rvice , (C h ap e l) 
I? OO 
Noon 
H oly 
Com m union, 
(C h ap e l). 

ST. PAUL S 
EPISCOPAL CHURCH 
>o18 E 
G ra y s o n St at W illo w 
Phone 
224-o345 
F r 
Jo h n F 
D aniels, R e cto r 

Sunday M asse s — 8 ond IO JO a rn 
1 1928 P r o v e r Book E d itio n ) 
W ed nesd ay M ass — IO o rn 
M o io r F e a s t D a y s - IO a rn . 7 3o p m Confessions 
S a tu rd a y H o r n noon 
W INDCREST 
THE CHURCH OF 
THE RESURRECTION 
5*o9 W a lie m R o ad 455 5484 
The 
R e v 
Ja m e s 
P 
G iddings, 
R ecto r 
Sunday E u c h a ris t 9 OO A 11 OO A M 
Sunday School IO OO A M ail ages 
Licen sed p re school A K in d e rg arten 

KIN G OF K IN G S 
LUTHERAN CHURCH, 
LCMS 

13888 D ream w ood 

Telephone 656-65o8 

H e n ry h 
B ld r, ca s to r 
M S 
E d , 
M 
Div 
Sunday School and B ib le Class 9 IS a rn 
W orship to 3o a rn. 
I om m union on first and third 
Sundays 

LA TRINIDAD UNITED 
METHODIST CHURCH 

3oo San Fern an d o at Pecos 
Phone 
227-o546, 734 9692 
P A S T O R 
R E V A T E D G R O U T <4 

9:3o 
A M 
E s cu e la 
Dom inical en ingles v espanol p ara todas las edodes, (Sund ay School in Enahsh and Spanish for all ages.) 
IO 5o 
A M . 
C U L TO 
D E 
S A N T A 
C O M U N IO N R e v 
Santiago Ib arro 
6 :3o 
P M 
E s t u d io s 
B ib H C O S . 
Jo ve n e s (B ib le Studies in English tor the yourn group) 
6 OO P M. Reunion de Grupos 
7:oo 
P M . 
CUL. TO 
V E S P E R T IN O 
E V A N G E L IST ICO 
M id w e e k 
P r a y e r 
S e r v ic e s 
Thursday at 7:3o P M 

LAUREL HEIGHTS 
UNITED METHODIST 
CHURCH 
227 W est W oodlaw n at Belknap 
733 7154 
M inisters 
R e v. C h arles L. G ie sler 
R e v A lb ert E . Loudon 
R e y R o b ert E . Parso n s 
H e n ry H ollow ay, D irector of m u s ic 
- jo n n i . scnm idt, O rganist 
W orship S e rv ice s 8 :3o and IO: 5o a m. 
Re vere n d 
C harles 
L. 
G iesler 
Pre ach in g 
" A U U A L I I A I I V f c L H A N U f c 
C hurch School for all ages 9.45 a .rn 

ST. JO H N S 
UNITED METHODIST 
CHURCH 

N orthw est San Antonio. t it Cloudcroft ot B a n d e ra Rd 
Telephone 433 7639 
R e v 
A lb ert M eru b ia, Pasto r 

M ethodist M en 8 a.rn for B re ak fast 
Sund ay School classes all ages 9:3o ct.rn. 
M orning W orship S e rv ic e IO. 5o a rn. 
Fello w ship 
A 
C otter in the 
Blue 
Room follow ing 
Yo u th 
A ctivitie s beginning at 5:3o p m 
"Y o u 'arf? cordially'Triv'ited'fo"w orship w ith us 
N U R S E R Y P R O V I D E D 
F O R A L L S E R V IC E S 

ST. M A T T H E W S 
UNITED METHODIST 
CHURCH 
2738 B itte rs Road 
656-125o 
(Be tw e e n 
N acogdoches and 
B ro a d w a y ) 
The R e v M al H ie rh o lie r, M inister 
The R e v. W inn A lley, Intern M in ister 

HOPE LUTHERAN 
CHURCH (ALC) 

57)4 C allag h an Rd 
(3 blocks south of Loop 41o) 
433 7475 — 435 97o1 
R e v 
R o b ert P 
Thronson 
R e v 
O elm os L 
Lued ke 
W orship S e rv ice s 8 IS A IO 45 a rn 
Adult Class ond Sundov School 9 JO 

Nur sery 
Se rvice s 
Holy Com m union and Third Sunda 

(led tor both W orship 

F irs! Su n d ay 

MCARTHUR PARK 
LUTHERAN CHURCH 

The Hom e-Like C hurch 
29o3 N acogdoches Rd 
(7 biks 
No of Loop 41o) 
P h 
824 7)35 
P A S T O R G W S C H W A N E N B E R G 
ASSO C P A S T O R C Z IM M E R M A N 

Sunday W o rsh ip 
8 3o 8, H a m 
Sunday School 
9 JO a rn 
(for an o a t s ) 
(N u rs e ry p rovid ed oil 3 hours) 
M ilitary 
Pe rso n n e l e sp ecially 
• Ic ome 

MT. CALVARY 
EVANGELICAL 
LUTHERAN CHURCH 

(M isso u ri Syno d ) 
3o8 Mount C atvo ry D rive 
824-3748 
A lbert J 
Lo eschm an Pa sto r 
S U N D A Y 
F irst S e rv ice 8 3o A M 
Sunday School and Bib le 
C loss V 45 A M w orship Second S e rv ic e h a m 

S U N D A Y SC H E D U L E 
(N u rse ry A vailab le tor All Sunday 
E v e n ts ) 
8 3o a rn 
E A R L Y S E R V IC E 
9.3o a rn. 
Church 
School 
(A L L 
A G E S ) 
IO. SOO rn. 
P R IN C IP A L S E R V IC E 
4:3o p m 
Youth Choirs P ra c tic e 
5 IO pm 
Snack Supper tor Youth 
6 OO p m 
U M Y F to r y o u th 
7th !?th grades 
7 oo p m 
E V O N IN G 
W O R S H IP 
S E R V IC E 
P E G U L A R 
A C T I V I T I E S 
IN 
CL U D E 
S u n d a y S ch o o l C la s s e s fro m a g e 
2 y r s w ith 6 A d u lt i lasses. 
5 Choirs tor oges S y rs thru A dult, and sp e cial a c tiv itie s tor Youth, Senior Citizens, College 
C are e r, Singles, ond Yo ung Adult groups 
C O M M U N IO N E A C H F R I D A Y at 
6 3o a rn. with b reakfast fellow ship following 

TRAVIS PARK 
UNITED METHODIST 
CHURCH 
73o E 
T r o v n St 
Phone 
226 8341 
M IN IS T E R 
Dr R alp h H Seiler 
W O R S H IP S E R V IC E S at IO SO A M and 7 OO P M. 
Dr 
Jo h n 
T. 
King. 
P re sid en t of 
H u sto n T illo tso n 
C o lle g e , 
G u e s t 
P r e a c h e r se rm o n to p ic 
J E S U S 
C H R IS T 
R E N E W S 
A N D 
R E F R E S H E S ' 
17 OO 
-Holy 
Com m union C hild ers 
Chapel 
9 3o A M Church School C lasses for all ages 
5:oo P M 
Youth A ctivitie s Begin 
7:oo 
P M . 
E v e n in g 
W orship 
The 
Rev. 
Don 
Scroogs, p reaching on 
"T h e Reform ation of 1977" 
W O O D LA W N UNITED 
METHODIST CHURCH 

17o1 W est W oodlaw n A ve 
Senior Pa s to r: R e v . Pout A. G ro ut Q 
A ssociate 
Pa s to r 
D r. 
E lm e r 
J. 
H ie rh o lie r 
L o y P a s t o r a l V is it o r s M r . B o b 
H asbrook, M r. C a rro ll Sigm an 
S U N D A Y S E R V IC E S 
C hurch School -9 IO a rn 
M O R N IN G W O R S H IP S e rv ic e IO 5o a rn. 
HOW Com m union se rve d Firs* Sun day o* eoi h month 
Youth 
M eeting 
IO to 
7 OO p m 
Fellow ship Had 
W oodlaw n U n ited — N orth 
5o84 D e Z a v a io Rd 
M orning W orship S e rv ic e 9 OO A M 
Church School IO OO A M 
Lo ckehill 
E le m e n ta ry 
School 
Cafetorium 

CHRIST PRESBYTERIAN 
CHURCH (unaffiliated) 

544o V a n ce jo ck so n Rd 
P i m iles N orth of Loop 4ie on V a n ce Jack so n 
R ev 
J 
G ran t M cM illa n , P a s to r 
Church School. IO OO a rn 
W orship 
Service. 
It a rn , 
7 OO p m 
M id week Se rvice s W ed nesd ay 7:3o 
We a re co n servative , e va n g e lica l ond autonom ous, havin g no con nection with the N ational or W o rld 
Council of C hurches W e hold to the historic P re s b y te ria n belief that the 
Bible is the inspired W ord on G o d * ond the only infallib le rule of tdith ' and p ractice 
O ur church offers o ' spiritual home to all who d e sire to heor the w ord of 
God withe,ut com prom ise 
FAITH 
CUMBERLAND 
PRESBYTERIAN 
CHURCH 

7815 O akton D r 
(B e sid e Lee High School) 
Phone 342-416o 
R e v 
R 
E o rl W illoughby. M in iste r 
* W HO SO E V E R W IL L M A Y C O M E 
Sundov School 9 45 o m 
W orship Se rvice ll OO o m 
C P Y F 
Youth G ro up 6 3o p m 

FIRST PRESBYTERIAN' 
CHURCH 

North Alam o and Fourth Sis 
M IN IS T E R S : 
Louis H 
Zbinden J r 
R ich a rd G. R ya n 
Robert H 
Bullock, H 
R., Teach in g 
M inister 
George M a u ie 
M inister E m e ritu s 

Dr Bess H ieronym us. 
Orgam st-Choir D irector 
S U N D A Y 
9 a.rn 
W orship in G uin rle-B ryan i Chapel led bv D r. R y a n ; 
9 3o a in. School of tho C hurch, new elective classes; l l a.m . W orship, serm on bv 
D r. 
Zb ind en, 
C offee 
F ello w sh ip 
Hour in 
M cC u llo u g h 
Room : following w orship, 
N u rs e ry and Child C are during w orship and study hours, 
4:3o p.m. C hild ren s 
Choir R ehearsal ll; 6 p m 
Youth supper and m eetings in hom es. 
M p N D A Y : 
12 IS p m. 
Stott Com mitten 
Luncheon, 
6 p.m. 
D inner, program , and business m eetings for elders and deacons 
W E D N E S D A Y 
12:15 p.m. 
M e n s 
Luncheon ond 
Stu d y; 
6:15 p m . 
Fam ily Dinner cmd Study on Pa u l with Dr 
H a rry C aldw ell of T rin ity , 
U n iversity speaking on 
E P H E S U S ,« 
R E V I S I T E D ; 
7 p m . 
Choir s 
Rehearsal t 
T H U R S D A Y 
7:15 a rn. 
M e n 's k, 
P ra y e r B reak fast 
* 

M ADISON SQUARE 
UNITED 
PRESBYTERIAN 
CHURCH U.S.A. 
3)9 Cam den at Lexington 
Phone 276 6255 
W illiam P Lytle D D., Po sto r 
Ed w in Rieke, D M A , 
O rganist 
C ho irm aster 

 v JO a rn ( hurch School. It OO a rn 
W orship Se rvice . N u rse ry p rovid ed 
C hildren's Center 226 197o 
(W eek d ays 6: JO a rn. 6:oo p rn.) 
N O RTH W O O D 
PRESBYTERIAN 
CHURCH 

518 P ik e Pla c e 
824 7238 
W orship S ervice, l l a m 
Church School, 9 45 a rn 
S e rm o n by 
R e v . R a lp h W e e d e r! 
D R Y B O N E S " 
ST. ANDREW 
PRESBYTERIAN 
CHURCH 

823) C allag han Rd 
(N e a r I I® and N W Loop 41o) 
M inister, W illia m C M ounts 

Keith M cC affetv. exec. D irecto r 9:3o ond l l OO A M 7:3o P M. 

Nazarene 
ST. JO H N S 
LUTHERAN CHURCH 

5o2 E 
N u evo St 
Son Antonio. T exas 782o5 

Phone 223-7611 

D O W N T O W N 
— black west of 
H e m ts F A IR 
Roald I 
Bi Oulu x 
A rthur Horn ond 
N orm an H .A lbertson. Posture 
S U N D A Y Ja n u a r y 16, 197 7 
W orship S e rv ice I: I S A M 
A M Sunday School 9 3o A M . 

ST. LUKE’S 
LUTHERAN CHURCH 
"T h e F rie n d ly C h u rch " 
St4 Som a M onica St . 735 o591 t block W of Son Pe d ro 
Postor W J B uck (Chap lain, Cot . 
U S A F , R e t > 
Pasto r E m e ritu s J 
F 
V o rko p er 
W orship S e rv ic e 
IO 45 a rn 
(N o r very p rovid ed ) 
Sunday School 9 IS loll ag es) 
Com plete Religiou s P ro g ra m 

REDEEMER 
LUTHERAN CHURCH 

(M is s o u ri Syno d ) 
75o7 F re d e ric k s b u rg Rd 
Telephone 
732 41 )2 
R ev Ned M Bockeim onn. Pa sto r 
S U N D A Y 
9 is a rn 
S u n d a * 
School A B ib le d o s s e s , IO JO a rn 
D ivine W orship 

Methodist 
Churches 

 agy ' 
'Ship 

 p M 
W ar shi 
A t O N E 
P Vt 
P r a y e r rigor ten tor 
■used nurser la s 

 lr ami 

>DA y 
5*i i v ii 
I 5 i opt-1 

BEACON HILL 
CHURCH OF CHRIST 
937 w 
M agnolia 
Betw een IH t i ond U S 281 
Bdl Wilson. M inister 
Bible Call L ib r a r y 
714 47o8 
Sunday 
S e rv ic e s 
W o rs h ip 
IO 3o a m and 6 p m 
Bib i# Classes. 9 JO a ni 
M idweek 
B ib le 
Stud# 
W ed nesdov 
7 JO p rn 
A c h u rro near to th# heart at Son Antonio 

JEFFERSO N 
CHURCH O F CHRIST 
7o7 D onaldson A ven u e 
712 *1o5 
J D 
Cash, M in ister 
B we < tasses 
V JO o rn 
W orship IO JO A M and 6 OO P M 
Youth 
5 OO o m 
'W ednesday S e rv ic e s 
7 JO p m a * 'tided n u rs e ry tor a ll m eeting s 

W AYSID E CHAPEL 
2*18 V an ce Ja c k s o n 
P h 
344 12o3 
8 3o A M 
E a r ly W o rsh ip 

9 45 A M 
Su n d ay School 
J) (X) A M 
L a fe W orship 
7 OO P M 
E v e n in g S e rv ic e 
P o sto r - Stephen P 
Troxet 

Lutheran 
Churches 

BEITEL LUTHERAN 
CHURCH 

IS IS Austin H w y 
P a s to r, R a lp h A atm 
Sund ay w orship s e rvice s 8 OO and 
IO JO o rn 
A dult ctoss and Sunday school a l 
9 IO o m 
P r o v e ! and 
P r a is e on Sund ov evening s at 6 JO 
N u rs e ry a v a ila b le 

ALAMO HEIGHTS 
METHODIST CHURCH 
Slot B ro a d w a y 824 3215 
M in iste rs 
Dr C o lvin W Fro e h n e r 
The R e v ere n d H arold C P e rd u e 
The R e v ere n d H a r r y C B a m b e rg e r 
The R e v e re n d Ja c k C Bush, Sr 

Three m eaningful hours of w o r­ ship a re ottered each Sund ay, 8 3o, 
9 JO and IO 55 a rn S h a re with us in one of these toyous celebrations 
Beautiful m usic will be presented by our S an ctu a ry Choir, and you will re ce ive a w arm w elcom e tram our host of m em b ers 
D r. 
F ro e h n e r w ill begin a new s e rm o n s e r ie s e n title d 
M V 
F A V O R IT E B I B L E S T O R IE S 
His first m essage in the series w ill be 
G A Z IN G A T O U R O W N P O R T R A IT 
C hurch School classes tor alt ages meet at V. JO a rn 
Child co re is provided d uring all w orship services 
S u n d a y e v e n in g a c t iv it ie s to r 
4th 17th grades begin at 4 3o p rn 

COLONIAL HILLS 
UNITED 
METHODIST CHURCH 

5247 Vance Jackso n Rd 
(N o rth et lo o p 41o) 
34V 24o1 
R e v 
W illiam m 
S a tu rn . Pasto r 
V 45 a rn 
C hurch School 
8 45 a m and it a m 
M o rn in g 
W orship 
6 3o p m 
U M V 
Supper toes 
7 JO p m 
B ib le Study 
6 OO p rn 
W ed 
Youth I hair 

C all 696 SOO? tor in fo rm a tio n sery tor all activities 

HATFIELD CHURCH 
OF THE NAZARENE 

4515 5 
Flo re s 
E E 
Rhodes, Postor 
J W 
C antrell. Associate 
Sund ov 
S e rv ic e s 
S u n d ay 
Sch o ol v i i o rn , 
M orn in g W orship 
IO 5o o m (C h ild 'e n s W orship S e rv ic e - 
4 yrs thru the 4th g ra d e ) 
Youth 
S e rv n e s 6 OO a rn 
Ev e n in g S e rv ic e 
7 OO p m 
W ednesday 
('a iv e r 
M eeting 
7 !o p m 
( M is s io n a r y 
M e e tin g la s t 
W ednesday of m onth) 
N u rse ry is open for all re g u lar ser v« es 
A 
C H U R C H 
W H E R E 
E V E R Y 
B O D Y 
IS W E L C O M E 
NO B IG 
SH O T S 
NO 
U N IM P O R T A N T 
P F O P I t 

Non Denominational 

The Little Church of La VILLITA 
Non-Denominational 

5o8 Villita 51 
R e v 
O avid W 
Ed m u nd s. 
Pasto r 
Sunday W orship S e r v ic e - )! o rn 
Sunday E v e n in g S e rv ic e - 6 p m 
M id w e e k 
H ealing ond 
P r a y e r 
Set vie es 
W ednesday night 7 JO p rn 
Thursday m orning l l OO a m 

Presbyterian 
Churches 

ALAMO HEIGHTS 
PRESBYTERIAN 
CHURCH 

42o) B ro ad w ay 
Phone 
824 o271 
N ewton P 
Cox. J r 
M inister 
Church School 
9 3o A M 
Fello w ship Tim e 
............. to. 3o A M . 
It OO A M M essage by F aith A live witnesses 

Youth M eetings 
N u rse ry P ro vid e d 
6 JO P M 

Religious Science 

CHURCH OF 
TRUTH 
A m em b er 
C h u rch o» 
R e lig io u s 
Science Los Angeles. C alifo rn ia Dr 
Ern e st Holmes. Founder publisher of the Science o* Mm d M agazine 
Sundays 
IO 45 O rn 
S e n ce s 
IO OO a m 
W ord of the Week 
C lasses on m e ta p h y s ic s an d p r a c t ic a l 
C h ris tia n ity to OO a rn 
Ju n io r 
C hurch classes iou school ar acies I 
C h,id c o re fa c ilitie s 
D r 
A u d re y 
H a n g e r. M in is te r (824 745') 
S an 
P e d r o P la y h o u s e , S a n A n to n io 
Park 
I D ial a Blessing, a record ed m editation 828 5581) W A R M W E I 
C O M E 
A W A IT S 
Y O U 
Sund ay m orning 

Seventh-Day Adventist 

LAUREL HEIGHTS 
SEVENTH DAY 
ADVENTIST CHURCH 
7o1 W est Ashby P i 
I opposite Son P e d ro Po rk I 
7 xy 
R obert W ood 
Pasto r 
Sam M iller 
A ssociate Pastor 
Satu rd ay Ser vices 
Sabbath Si bool v JO a m 
D e vin e 
W orship ll Qj 
O rn 
Youth 
M eeting 
I 
Hr belute sunset 
P ro v e r M eeting W ednesday 
’ IO p m 
D orcas W elfare Society 
Tuesday 
IO OO a m 
Sunday 
A M 
V O K E OF P R O P H E C Y 
M i ) 
United Church of Christ 

BETHANY 

611 E 
M yrtle St at N 
K en d all (4 
Blocks 
North of lh 35 between 
M cCullough A St 
M a ry s) 
224 2655 
R e v 
John B 
Culver, pastor 
W orship 
IO I i a m C hurch School 
9 JO a m 
Adult 
Bib le Class 
9 3o o rn 
COMMUNITY 

443 M u n m c u t! D r 
( w W 
W h ite R d 
Loop 13. at IN IO) 
333 1*o3 
R e v 
Thom as N 
W ard 
W orship, IO 3o a rn 

PILGRIM 
CO N GREGATIO NAL 

JOO Pilg rim Dr 
(7 Blo ck s South of 
Loop 41o, t block w e st of V a n ce 
Ja c k s o n ) 
342 6o34 
R e v 
Ar M ur w 
Stork, pastor 

Sunday School, 9 45 D ivin e W o rs h ip ’ 
Service l l OO a rn. 

Affiliated with Unity 
School — Silent Unity — 
D aily W o rd M agazine 
Su n d ay s e r v ic e s l l a m at 1723 
L a w n d a le 
D r 
(W e s t o ft 
8 )o o 
B r o a d w a y ). S u n d a y S ch o o l 9 JO a m , Adult C lass V 3o a m 
M efli tattoo to 35 a m , Youth t lo s s it o m 
T h u rsd ay T ru th Ctoss 
IO 3o a rn O ffice open IO to 4 M onday thru 
Th u rsd ay (824 7351) 
N o rm an OK- son. 
M inister 
(Bu lle tin sent on request I 

BEACON HILL. 
PRESBYTERIAN 
CHURCH 

HOI W est W oodlaw n 
733 7149 
M inister 
R e v Joe M O w en 
Sunday School 9 45 ct rn 
W orship S e rv ic e It OO a rn 

COVENANT 
PRESBYTERIAN 

311 Moieto A N W 
Loop 41o 
(A t H oneysuckle exit) 

Phone 
342 5253 

E D W IN W A L T H A L L , P a s te r 

9 3o a rn 
C h u rch School tor al ages 
IO 45 a rn M o rn in g W orship S e rv ic e 
J P M Pio n eer Fello w sh ip 
5.3o P M Senior H igh Fello w sh ip 

Unitarian 

FIRST UNITARIAN 
CHURCH 
8o/ B e r y l Or 

Phone 
344 46*5 

Chut ch School and nursery 
IO JO a rn 
Mo* fling Set si 
M unster 
R e v e 
IO JO a m 
R o ll* Der hor at. 

P A S S A G E S . P A R T l l " 

Wesleyan (hurch 

W ESLEYAN CHURCH 

3*18 W est Avenue 
344 43*3 
Edword D Angel!! Paster 
Sunday 
C hurch School 9 45 a rn 
W orship S e rv ice ll OO a rn 
I venm g S e rv ice 7 OO p rn 
W ednesday 
B ib le Study and P r a y e r 
/ 3o P rn 

P ro g ra m 
& 

Nur- 

V 
Church Directory 
On Next Page 

San Antonio EX P R E S S- N E W S — S a turday J anuary 15 1977 
Page I 5-A 
Church 

F o r f u r t h e r 
In f o r m a t io n on ch u rch es listed below — see ads oo o earin g on this Doge 

Castle Hills Assembly 
214 Roleto 

F irs t A ssem b ly of God 
83o S E M ilita ry Or 

O ak M eadow A ssem b ly of God 
2714 H u nters G reen 

G lad Tidings A ssem b ly of God 
,2143 So W W W hite Rd 

Eastside Primitive Baptist Church 
12o6 W Hein Rd. 

Primitive Baptist ’Church 
4o4 Walton Ave. 

Castle H ills F irs t B o o b s! 
222o M W M ilita ry H w y 
* 
C re stvie w B o o b s! 
W a lie m at E n g ie cre d s t 

Eis e n h a u e r R d Baotist 
J9So F ise n h a u e r Rd 

F irs t Baotist 
51S M cC ullough 
L a ck la n d Baotist 
2718 F ro n tie r Dr 

N orthridg e P a rk B ao tist 
C hevy Chase and E is e n h a u e r Rd 

M an o r Baotist 
M an o r D r at M ered ith 

N ortheast B ao tist 
293o B itte rs Rd 

P a rk h ills B ao tist 
14o15 San P e d ro A ve 

S h e a re r H ills B ao tist 
8o2 O blate 

U n iv e rs ity P a rk B aotist 
2JOB Cincinnati 

T rin ity Baotist 
319 E M u lb e rry 

G ra c e B o o b s! Tem ole 
1928 B a s s e Rd 

H u isach e A venue B ao tist 
1339 W H u isach e A ve 

R e v iv a l Tem ole 
131o T ex as A ve 

C a lv a ry Chooel 
11o7 W H ild eb rand 

A lam o Heights C hristian 
44oo Block N N ew B ra u n fels 

C e n tra l C hristian tm " A ve rn R o m an o P lo ra 

Community Christian Church live Oak Elementary School 
Old Spanish lr 8 Welcome Dr 

W oodlaw n C hristian 
^7oo F re d e ric k s b u rg Rd 

 first Church of 

'C hrist Scientist 
5o1 N Alam o 

Second Church of 
C hrist Scientist 
M ag nolia — Belk n o o 

■Third C hurch of 
C hrist Scientist 
27oo S N ew B ra u n fels 

F irs t C hurch (A la m o H eigh ts) of C hrist Scientist 
1o4 C lo verleaf 

B eaco n Hill C hurch of C hrist 
V37 W M agnolia 

Son P e d ro C hurch of C hrist 
311 Ja c k s o n K e lle r 

Je ffe rso n C hurch of Christ 
7o2 Donaldson Ave 

Sunset Ridge C h u rch of C hrist 
B re e s OI E m o o rio 

T rim ly C hurch 
875o Fo u rw in d s 

Christ Ep isco p al Church 
Belk n ap at W est R u ssell 

The C hurch oh Re co n ciliatio n 
94o1 S to rcre s l 

C hurch of St Stephen 
3724 S N ew B ra u n fels of IH 37 

St G eorge E p isco p al C hurch 
69o4 W est A ve at M ilita ry H w y 

St Lu k e s Ep isco p al 
Corona A D evine Rd 

St M ark Ep isco p al C hurch 
3o7 E , P e can 

St P a u l s E p isco p al C hurch 
1o18 E G ro vso n 

Church of Resurrection 
59o9 Waliem Rd 

W aysid e Chapel 
2918 Vance Ja c k s o n 

A scension Lu th e ia n 
1o6o Donaldson 

Beitel Lu th e ra n 
2515 Austin H w y 

G ra c e Lu th eran 
A venue E ot M cC ullough 

C hrist Lu th eran 
672o Bro o d w a y 

K in g of Kings Lu th e ra n 
13888 D ream w ood 

C oncordia Lu th e ra n 
1826 Bosse Rd 

Hope Lu th eran 
5714 C allag han Rd 

MacArthur Park Lutheran 

29o3 N acogdoches R d 

VII Calvary Evangelical lutheran Church 
3o8 Mount Calvary Dr 

St Jo h n Lu th e ra n 
3o2 E N uevo St 

St Lu k e's Lu theran 
S U Santa M onica 

Redeemer Lutheran 
23o7 F re d e rick s b u rg Rd 

A lam o Heights M ethdoisl 
51o1 B ro ad w ay 
A lderygote United M ethodist 
K a vio n at Palm etto 

Colonial Hills 
United M ethodist 
5247 Vance Ja c k s o n 

Lo Trim dod United M ethodist 
Son F ern a n d o y Pe co s 

L a u re l H eights United M ethdoist 
227 W est W oodlaw n 

St Jo h n s United M ethodist t it Cloudcroft Or 

St M atthew s United M ethdoist 
2738 B itte rs Rd 

T ro vis P a rk U nited M ethodist 
23o P o st T ro vis 

W oodlaw n u n ited M ethodist 
17o1 W est W oodlaw n 

H atfield C hurch 
Of the H o lo cen e 
4513 S Flo re s 

The L im e C hurch at L a V illita 
5o8 Vilbto 

Alam o Heights P re s b y te ria n 
42o1 B io a d w a v 

Faith C um b erland 
Pre s b y te ria n C hurch 
7815 O akton Or 

F irs t P re s b y te ria n 
North A lam o and F o u rth Sts 

Beaco n H ill P re s b y te ria n 
I (OI W est W oodlaw n 

Covenant P re s b y te ria n 
211 Roleto A N W Loop SIO 

Christ P re s b y te ria n 
54eo Vance Ja c k s o n Rd 

Madison Square United 
P re s b y te ria n l l * Cam den a l Lexington 

Northwood P re s b y te ria n 
518 P ik e P la c e 

St A ndrew Presbyterian 
8211 Callaghan Rd 

L a u re l Heights 
Seventh D ay A d ventist 
7o3 A shby P ( 

B eth an y u n ited C h u rch et Christ el I St M y rtle St 

Com m unity 
United 
C h u rch of 
C hrist 
4443 Hunm cutt Or 

P ilg rim Congregational 
SOO Pilg rim Or 

Unity C hurch 
1721 La w n d ale Dr 

P ire t U n itarian in I* - L oo p 4)o of B e r y l Rd 

Services to stress spirituality theme 

The John Calvin Presbyterian Church held ground-breaking ceremonies recently marking the expansion of the church facilities at 81o2 Midcrown 
St. The addition, estimated to cost $ 2 o o ,o o o , will include five church school classrooms, a parlor, music room, a library and kitchen. The building committee, chaired by Dr. Carl Gunderson, included Mrs. Anne Seldon, Bill 
Morse, Jack Kamansky, Jo e Brooks, Joe Manske and Ashley Cunningham. 

“ Spiritual Renewal” will be the theme of a series of special ser­ vices beginning Sun­ day at 
University 
Christian Church at 
HHH Vance Jackson 
Road. 

For six consecutive even­ ings through Friday, min­ isters from area Christian churches will conduct the services, beginning at 7 p.m. 
The guest speakers will iuclude J R. Dye, associate minister of First Christian 
Church in K e rrv ille , the 
Rev. Bill Brown, minister of Woodlawn Christian 
Church, and 
Dr. 
Tom 
Youngblood, senior minis­ ter of Central C hristian 
Church. 

R O Y E U G E N E D A M S 
. . . to conduct seminars 

Other speakers w i l l in­ clude the Rev. T. E rv in 
V ealc, senir m inister of 
Marbach Christian Church. th»‘ Rev. Earl Bissex, sen- 
A time for nation to pray 

The nation pauses next week to inaugur­ ate a new president. 
Gracefully and in states­ manlike fashion. Gerald R. 
Ford has assisted in the transition of leadership and has spoken to the nation of his own prayers and hopes for the future. 
With equal grace the new 
President, Jim m y Carter, has been structuring the staffing of government and taking up the lines of re­ sponsibility for attempting to fashion the nation after the dream s that he has shared with the American people. 
A nation which has wal­ lowed in the aftermath of 
Watergate seeks to shake itself free to begin its third century aiming to achieve moral leadership as well as m ilitary and political lea­ dership in the family of na­ tions. 
Its problems are many. 
Its pride in its self suffi­ ciency has withered. Its passion for its own ideals 

H arvest is slow ed 

A U ST IN 
(A P ) - 
W inter harvest has been stowed in many areas of 
Texas because of the driz­ zle and cold weather, 
Agriculture Commissioner 
John 
W hite reported 
Friday. 

The same weather may­ be good news for agricul­ ture iii the spring, White said, hut it has curtained work in the fields this winter. 

Some hand harvesting of cabbage is reported in 
South Texas, for example, because heavy machinery cannot move in the muddv fields. 

 has sometimes faltered. 
Its possibilities are as bright as the promises of 
God to a repentant people. 
This week the press will carry and television por­ tray the gala party and fes­ tive atmosphere of a presi­ dential inauguration. There will be pomp and circum ­ stance though not quite as accented as in some other inaugurations. 
There w ill be partying and pleasure portrayed by power-seeking people. 
There w ill be interviews and statements made. 
The most significant events which will be hap­ pening in connection with the inauguration aside from the pledge to the of­ fice itself will likely be un­ noticed by Hie media. 
The sig nificant events which have tilt* potential of determining the destiny of our next decades will be happening as groups of 
Christians gather across the nation Is capital to pray for the power of God to move afresh for a new day 

Bv 
Rev.| 
Jimmy R. Allen 
* Pastor, first Baptist Church 

 for our land. 
Among those praying groups will he the P re s i­ dent and his fam ily in a personal prayer meeting at the First Baptist Church of 
Washington on Thursday morning. 
There will be. in addition lo the various kinds of activities of cultural nature planned by inauguration committees, gatherings of 
C hristians to pray in churches across (he land. 
On Wednesday evening before the inauguration, one of these groups will lie 

 gathered at the same church in which the Presi­ dent and his family will he meeting the next morning. 
The Baptist fellowships across the nation have in­ vited interested persons to join in a meeting to pray. 
At the Lincoln Memorial on Thursday morning, Dr. 
Martin Luther King Sr. will be preaching to those who gather around that historic spot. 
Thousands who throng the capital will be unaware of the significance of these gatherings to call upon God for spiritual awakening in our land. 
If the future holds the fulfillm ent of our hopes, however, those hopes will 

 h»> realized not by political leaders producing master plans for meeting htimnm- 
‘ty's problems. 
They will he realized be­ cause spiritually sensitive people, young aud old, how down in intercession before 
God, calling on Him to for­ give our sins and to heal our land 
Samuel, the judge of Hie 
Jewish nation of old, stated tin- responsibility clearly for intercession when he said, “ God forbid that I sin against the Lord in ceasing to pray for you.” (I Samuel 
12:23). 
The changing of leader­ ship is a time for a nation to pray that God will do ii i our land what lie alone can do. 
Less oil requested 

AU STIN 
(A P ) - 
Major oil buyers are asking for 5,211 barrels less in Fe­ bruary than in Janu ary,the 
Railroad 
Commission reported Friday. 
Field nominations total 
3,151,-799 barrels a day, and 

Is additional demand 
814,o3o barrels a day 

The oil product ion a l­ lowable for January is 98 percent of market demand. 
The February allowable will he set Jail. 18. 

H f l e x i c a n - A m e r i e a n g e t s c o l l e g e p o s t 

DR. DANIEL J. RIV ERA 

. . . to he inaugurated 

Dr. Daniel J . R ivera, third president of the Mexican Baptist 
Bible Institute, will he inaugur­ ated at 2 p.m. Saturday at First 
Baptist Church, 515 McCullough 
Ave. 
Dr Rivera, who succeeds re­ tiring President IL B . Rani sour at the 29-year-old institute, was elected president — the first 
Mexican-American to hold that position — on May 4. 1978. 

Dr. Rivera assumed hts [inst 
Ju ly 
I. two months after receiving hts doctorate degree in junior college adm inistration from the University of Texas at 
Austin. 
I'lie 38-year-old Oklahoman al­ so has a master of arts degree 

I rom tin* U n iversity of New 
Mexico in counseling and a spe­ cial education degree i i i religious education from New 
Orleans seminary 
Organized in 1947 for the training of Span i sit-speak mg pastors and oilier church workers, the institute now offers a diploma in theology, certifi­ cates in religious education an­ d/or music*. iii church secretarial work and in pre­ school education. 
Today, tile 13-acre campus which borders the South Panum 
Expressway, has un enrollment of 125 students and boasts stu­ dents front nine countries. 
The public is invited to attend 
Saturday’s ceremonies. 

 mr m inister of Alam o 
Heights Christian Church, and Marc Sirnie, director of youth at Central Christian 
Church. 

Refreshm ents w ill he served each evening and a nursery will he available for pre-schoolers 
U te public* is invited to attend. 

I M TY CHURCH OE SVN 

ANTONIO 

Ail intensive meditation seminar with Roy Eugeni* 
Davis w ill hi* presented 
Sunday through Tuesday at the church, 1723 Lawndale 
Drive, 
I lie Sunday and Monday sessions will begin at 7:3(1 p.in. Tuesday's session will be from ll) a.in. to noon 
Davis is the director of lite Center for Sp iritu al 
Awareness at Lakem ont, 
Ga. For details on tuition lee and registration call 
824-7351 

REVIVAL TEM PI I; 

The 1977 mid-term M is­ sionary Convention of Re­ vival Temple and Interna­ tional Bible College will he 
Monday through Friday at the church, 131o Texas Ave 
Services conducted by th<* Rev. Leonard Fox of 
San Bernadino, Calif., will start each evening at 7:3o, with pre-service prayer at 

ALLENA BAPTIST 

“ Nagasaki—One Man's Re­ turn,” " winner of the Gold 
Medal Award at the 19th 
International Film Festival of New York, will he shown al 7 p.m. Sunday at the church, 2392 Basse Road. 
The public is im lied. 

P IL G R IM 

CONGREGATIONAL 

John C. Stanton has been elected moderator of the church located ut 5oo P il­ grim Drive. 
Recently elected were the coordinating com m ittee 
‘chair persons of tin* church. 
John Taylor, finance; Miss 
Harriet Young, education­ al: and Larry Bialk, spiri­ tual 

TRINIDAD LUTHERAN 

The new officers of the church will he installed by 
Chaplain Fred VV 
Nier* man ii Sunday at tin* 11 a i i i . worship service at the church. 31o3 Buena Vista 
St. 
O fficers include Ruben 
( ortmas, president; Larry 
River, vice-president; Mrs. 
Edward Teniente Jr ., se­ cretary; Mrs. Verdis Wilke, treasurer; Joe Simmons, elder; and Pedro Espinosa, trustee. 

B E L L V IE W B A P T IST 

The 25th anniversary of the church will he observed 
Sunday with the dedication of the fellowship hall as the 
J. Ray McVoy Hall, in hon­ or of tile Rev Mr. MoVoy 
The dedication ceremony will follow tilt* 1o:45 a.in. w orship se n ice. 
The church is located at 454 
Beryl Drive. 

FIRST PRESBYTERIA N 

The second lecture in a series on Paul will he at 7 p.m. Wednesday at the church, with Dr. Harry 
Caldw ell speaking on 
“ Ephesus Re visited ’’ 
The series is titled “ The 
New Testament World of tin* Apostle Paul.” A family 
(limier will follow the lec­ ture. 

NEW M E E GENTER 

DE SAN ANTONIO 

The Rev Joe Cardol w ill speak on “ Adventure I i i 
Healing” ut the center at the ll a.m. Sunday service 
The Rev Mr. Cardol w ill also conduct a two-day workshop beginning at 7:3(1 p.m. Monday and Tuesday for a fee of $29 
I*or inform ation call 
734-o511 The center is lo- eated i i i the Koger Execu­ tive Center. 4242 Piedras 
East. 

THE CHURCH OF 

CASTIE HILLS 

A .. 
' 

‘I ..J,.! % %%. 

■ r n 
* * 

V 
4 

School of Religion set by council of churches 

■Tj 
West* van Clunch l f IO Wt»t ‘ A k*. 

Tilt* 
San 
Antonio 
Council of Churches has announced plans for its 1977 School of 
Religion. 
Sessions will be held on four Sunday evenings. 
This popular event had more than 5o9 local church members in attendance last year and an even larger at­ tendance is expected as this year's program will feature more courses and a larger faculty. 

Continental gets raise 

AUSTIN — The Public 
Utility Commission granted 
•additional revenues of 
$1,359,537 a year Friday to 
Continental telephone Co. 
The increase ts $3,822,371 less than the company requested. It is only $3o8 above the one recommend­ ed by the PUC staff. 
The commission found the.annual revenue requir­ ement for Continental is 
$33,15o,249, but the com­ pany is taking in unly 
$31,79o,712. 
The increase gives Con­ tinental a 7 98 per cent fair rate of return and 12.7 per cent on invested capital. 

The four consecutive 
Sunday evenings of the 
School of Religion will be­ gin January 3o. 

No conflict 

By holding the school on 
January 3o. and February ti. 13 and 2o, it w ill conclude without conflicting with 
Lent when some churches have Sunday evening Len­ ten Schools of their own. 
Sessions w ill be held from 7 to 9 p.m. with a IO minute coffee break. 
All courses w ill be held in 
F irs t Presb yterian and 
Grace Lutheran churches, which are only one block apart. 
Courses are open to both 

 clergy and lay persons. 
There will be three areas of study —- theology, “ how-to” courses and personal growth courses. 
Teachers include faculty members from arca col­ leges and universities as well as local clergy and lay leaders. 
Topics range from “ The 
Prophets and Existential 
Overtones in Holy W rit” to courses for Sunday school teachers and sessions in marriage enrichment and transactional analysis. 
Brochures with full course descriptions and re gist rat ion forms are aval lable from local churches or from the Council of 
Churches at 229-7284. 

N E H L I F E C E N T E R 
Sunday. Jan u ary 16, l l 1.M. 

Id nut ta rf* In lleulinfi'' 

Guest speaker Rev. Joe Cordot, associated with the 
SEARCH 
FOUNDATION rn 
Tulsa, 
Oklahoma lectures nationally to colleges and universities on healing, clinical hypnosis and reincarnation 

Sunday School 
IO A.M . 
Church l l A.M . 
Nursery Provided 
R e v .Joe Cordot 
KOGER EXECUTIVE CENTER 
(Babcock A Loop 41o) 
4242 Piedras Dr. 
Suite 25o 
Wvmhttr InlernuluMul V-n thought iltim nf 

JO H N H A G EE 

Pastor 

9:3o A.M. 

Deception Types and 

Illustrations 

1o:3o A.M. 

Morning Worship Hour 

SUNDAY EVENING 

6:oo P.M. Evening 

Charismatic Hour 

On lo o n 41o B t (ait IV 

Vt mU» W att of Control Fork 

A NonUonomlnaftonol 

 fellow ship of 

Kvangelical Believers 

 p g g g g t a - 

You Are Cordially Invited To 

THE INAUGURATION OF 
DANIEL JOE RIVERA 
AS THIRD PRESIDENT 

OF 
MEXICAN BAPTIST BIBLE INSTITUTE 

 r n 

LNITSd 

NHY ira 

875o FOURWINDS DR 

IH 35 at loop 41o 

PASTOR ALLEN RANDOLPH 

AN INTfR-OSNOMINADONAI C O N G REG ATIO N 
_______________O f HLItVIRS 

8:15/1o:5o A.M. 
RELEASING GOD S CREATIVE POWER ' 
Gen. I /Johns 
9:45 A.M. 

LEARNING HOUR FOR ALL AGES 

 s a n c t u a r y /p a s t o r M cPherson 
■ FULL COLOR PICTURES’’ 
Hebrews 2 5 18 
6:oo P.M. 
CELEBRATION OF PRAISE 

CHANCEL CHOM/DON STOVER 

‘ WORSHIP , BIRLE PATTERNS FOR 
PRACTICE EXPRESSION 
Tues., Jan. IS, 7:3o P.M. 
Doug Oldham Returning in Music Ministry 

1723 Lawndale Dr. (oft 81oo Broadway) 

M EDITATION SEM INARS w ith 
Roy Eugene Davis 

Director of Center for Spiritual Awareness, internationally known author and lecturer. 

Th em es "TDW ARDS A NKW (ONSdOlSNKSS’ 

Sunday-Monday (Jan. 16-17) 7:3o P.M. 
($ 1o fee bo th sessions) 

Tuesday (Jan. 18) IO A.M. till Noon 
($S fe e , m ini-sem inar) 

I moll by phene rn rtpisltr prior Ie meeting time 
•24-7351. 

THE INAUGURAL PROGRAM 
Saturday, January 15, 1977 at 2;oQ p m , first baptist Church 

PRESIDING luke E, Williams, Jr ., San Antonio, Chairman, Mexican 
Baptist Bible Institute Board of Trustees 

PROCESSIONAL 
INVOCATION 
3t. James H. Landes, Executive Director, Baptist General 
Convention of Texas 

WELCOME AND INTRODUCTIONS 
Luke I. Williams, Jr 

WELCOME TO THE CITY 
Ilia Cockrell, Mayor of the City of Son Antonio 

SPECIAL MUSIC 
Mexican Baptist Bible Institute Choir 

INSTALLATION OF THE PRESIDENT 
Presentation of the President -Charles Lee Williamson, 
Director, Missions Division, Baptist General Convention of Texas 
Investiture of the President — Luke E Williams, Jr. 
Bible Presentation— Dr H B. Rarnsour, Second 
President Mexican Baptist Bible Institute 
Desultory Prayer— Omar Pot he ca no, Former 
Chairman, Board of Trustees, Mexican Baptist Bible 
Institute 

MESSAGE 
Dr Charles P McLaughlin, Director, Stale Missions 
Commission, Baptist General Convention of Texas 

SPECIAL MUSIC 
Mexican Baptist Bible Institute Choir 

INAUGURAL ADDRESS 
Dr Daniel J Rivera, Third President, Mexican Baptist 
Bible Institute g 
BENEDICTION 
Rev. Moves Petals, Piesident, Mesquit Baptist^ 
Convention 

RECESSIONAL 

% 

‘ii 
I 

. . encouraging th* ChrUtian com m uni ty to bacons* what Jgswi Intondod . . . a positive, healing Influence 
In a hurting world.'*' 

Mr. Davis also speaks on topic 
HEALTH, 
H EA LIN G and TOTAL L IV IN G ” at regular 
Sunday morning service, I I a.m., Jan . I 6th. 
.Aa ii Cxi m a w 
VA 

'/ m o m 
RE-ELECT 

WILLIAM E. 

River Authority 
Place 2 

S A TU R D A Y , JA N . 15^ 

QUEEN 
FULL 
TWIN 

$329.95 

$269.9o 

$199.9o 

Mexico official urges 

COMPILED M O M w i r e SERVICES 

M EXICO C ITY - Mexico should stop taking over private businesses. Com­ merce Secretary Fernando 
Solana said in an interview published F rid a y by a 
Mexico City daily. 
Solana could not be reached immediately for comment F rid a y on re ­ marks made to tin' morning daily, Kl Universal. one of tin* most respected of the capital's two dozen dailies. 
A halt iii the government taking over private busin­ e sse s would mark yet an­ other turn toward the right in the new administration of President Jose Lopez 
Portillo. 
Hi' took office Dec. I. 

WORLD 
DIGEST 

 succeeding Luis Echever- ria. The number of govern­ ment-controlled businesses doubled to more than HOH under F c h e v e rria ’s six- year term. 
Solana reportedly said that whilt1 tilt1 government should not take over any more private companies, it should not return any to private enterprise a s has been done in some other 
Latin American countries. 
The commerce secretary 

BEDDING 
BONANZA 

/KING 
$469.95 
Set 

LIMITED 2o YR. W m k a h m i « 
_________ 

W E A LSO CARRY BU N K BED S, A N D SO LID 

O A K 
A N D 
SO LID 
PEC A N 
BED R O O M 

SUITES. LO W EST PRICES IN T O W N — FREE 

DELIVERY IN S A N A N T O N IO . 

THE 
BEDROOM 
CENTER 
155o BANDERA 
433-9o71 

 reportedly said in the in­ terview the government- controlled businesses must become more efficient to try to get the country out of its worst economic diffi­ culties in more than 4o years. 

!Ylt*xi<*o names x ic*tiiii o f crash 

MAZ ATLAX, Mexico - 
The pi lot of a Lockheed 
Lodestar who was killed when the plane crashed near Mexico’s Pacific coast with 2' 2 tons of marijuana was identified by the U.S. 
Consulate Friday as Curtis 
Voorhis of Blossom, Tex. 
C S. consular officer 
Ruth Matthews said the plane crashed Dec 
23 at l.as Tablas, in the western 
Sierra M adre about 5o miles south of Los Modus. 
Post it ive ident ificat ion was made by Voorhis’ wife, who went to Los Modus with dental records. 

Israel arm s sales high 

JE R U S A L E M - Israel's arms industry, which has grown rapidly since the 
Yoni Kippur war of 1o73. has vastly increased its ex­ ports of armaments to for­ eign countries wit Ii total sa le s iii PITH of $32o million compared with pre-w ar sale s averaging about SOH million a year. 
According to military of­ ficials, who provided the sale s figures. Israel hopes to sell $4HH million worth of m ilitary equipment this year. ranging from tents and parachutes to sophisti­ cated electronic devices aud missile boats. 

I . IU d esire 

BANGKOK — Thailand's form er m ilitarv strong­ man. Field Marshal Pra- plias Pharusathien. o5, who returned from three years of political exile less than two weeks ago, met the p ress Friday aud said he was an old man who wanted to live out Ins remaining vears quietly iii Ins home­ land. 

\«‘W 
MI>*11o11 rr 

M \DRID. Spain - The ll 

 month-old search for kid­ naped royal adviser Anton­ io Maria .de Oriel took a new twist Friday with a suggestion by a high go­ vernment official that the abductors were rightists instead of leftists. 

Black eves exile 

S A L I S B U R Y , Rhodesia 
— Rhodesian black nation­ alist leader Joshua Nkomo plans a government iii exile if Geneva peace talks on his white-ruled country col­ lapse, aides to Nkomo said 
Friday. 

Fast to continue 

NEW D ELH I - Canadian 
Marie Andrei* LeClerc, 31. held here iii connection with a m urder inquiry. vowed Friday she would continue until death her hunger strike, now in its 
12th day. 

CLEARANCE 
SAUI 

Johnston & Murphy Shoe Sole 

Special groups of 
Johnston 
& 
Murphy shoes from regular stock now at sale prices. Fine selection of styles, but not every size and width in each one. 

W ASHINGTON (A P ) - 
President Ford s budget proposes to phase out the domestic antipov erty pro­ gram Vista by the fall of 
1978, congressional and agency sources said Friay. 

The Volunteers in Serv ice to America was a part of 
President Lyndon B. John­ son's war on poverty, with persons taking low-paying jobs to help economically and racially disadvantaged communities in a domestic complement to the Peace 
Corps. 

Its current budget is $23 million, with 4,5(1o persons working of 25o projects. 

A companion program, the U niversity Year of 
Action, provides full-time jobs iii poverty programs for college students who 
(>urn college credit for their jobs. There are currently 
2.OOH persons in this pro­ gram at 58 locations, on a budget of $7.3 million. 

Under the Ford budget, the funds for both pro­ grams would be cut to $8 million — enough only to pay salaries and other costs for persons now in tin* pro­ gram for a final phaseout late in 1978. A few univer­ sity contracts would extend into 1979 before being ter­ minated. 

Solveig Falldin, w ife of Sw ed e n ’s new Prime 
Minister Thornjorn Falldin, created a furor Fri­ day when she announced she would join a fast to protest the m iserly all ocation of cultural funds for north Sweden. Mrs. Falldin contends the agency which distributes the funds is an independent agency and not part of the go­ vernment. — AP W irephoto. 

CLEARANCE 

Enjoy substantial savings on quality, famous maker clothing, furnishings and sportswear. 
You’ll find a large assortment of items to choose from. 

Suits were 145.oo to 325.oo now 
99.75 to 249.75 

W E H O N O R THE 

A M ERIC A N EX PRESS 

M O N EY CARD 

Raincoats were 7o.oo now 39.75 

Sport Coats were 79.95 to 225.oo now 
59.75 to 149.75 

Leisure Suits values to I 35.oo now 44.99 

SPECIAL GROUPS 
Men’s 
Furnishings 
& Sportswear reduced 5o% 

Women’s 
Wear 
Outstanding 
Selection of Famous Makes reduced 
Vs and 

Page 
I 6-A 
San Antonio E X P R E S S - N E W S — Saturday January 15 1977 

Halt business takeover 

Ford budget calls for 
Vista phase out by ”78 

 regularly 

6o.oo to 67.5o now 
29.9o to 49.9o 

M EN S SH O ES 
F R A N K B R O S . 

On Alamo Plaza— Central Park M all— Windsor Park Mall 

F R A N K B R O S . 

Featuring Hart Schaffner & Marx and Hickey-Freeman Clothes 

On Alam o Plaza— Central Park M all— Windsor Park Mall 

Son Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— Soturdoy Jonuory 15 1977 
Page 
I B 

R M S SATURDAY SIZZLERS 

HI G alvanized steel 1ox7-ft. building 

Spacious 9,1o”x6’H ” interior with 
97” peak height. Doors open to 
J / I Q & O wide 56x7o”. Red or green. 
X HT ^ 

El Spacious 1ox9-ft. storage building 

Roomy interior with O'G” peak height. Durable galvanized steel construction assures long life. 
I 
Q H 8 
Green with white trim 
X it ^ 

Doc w ill be ST Feb. 111. 
Hut be still raises wheat and cattle and has a little cattle feedlot, lie eels up e a r l y a n d t a k e s p r i d e i i i th e amount of work he still does. There i s nothing of tilt' “ old m a n ’’ about h i s posture, his conversation or h i s atti­ tude. 
“ I was born in infill and c a m e to 
Anson when I was 7.” Doc told us. 
“ We w ere living in the Hillsboro a r e a . B u t m y g r a n d p a r e n t s ha d moved to Anson about 111 y e ars b e ­ fore. My g r a n d f a t h e r had b een a 
Confederate soldier and had fought four years, chiefly in Tennessee 
My father and my uncle decided to move their families to the area where im grandfather lived. 
"We c am e i i i four covered wagons 
My father had two and my uncle two 
We arrived at Abilene i i i D e c em b e r an d w e n t to S m i t h s w a g o n y a r d there. It started snowing and we were 

 at the wagon yard a week 
“ livery town had a wagon yard i i i t h o s e davs 
S m i t h s operated i i i 
\bilene (pule a n u m b e r of years after we stayed there There were rooms i i i which fannies could cook and sleep and sheds for the horses and mules. 
The wagon yard also sold feed. 
“ We did get out of the wagon yard 

 i i i tim e to sp e n d C h r i s t m a s at my g r a n d f a t h e r a n d g r a n d m o t h e r ’s home." 
The Great Pla in s st art at Anson, stretching off to the north to deep i i i 
Canada Once. of course, there were millions of buffalo on the plains 
Buffalo bones 
“ The buffalo were gone when we got h e r e , " Doc said, "H u t buffalo bones and those little sh o rt, s h a r p b u ff a lo h o r n s w e r e all o v e r the prairie. 
“ Hut when we got here, people 

 were still gathering the bones up i i i tug wagons and hauling them to rail­ road points." 
Today tin' Anson area is a land of 
Whiteface Herefords and \ n g u s 
“ Hut there were many Longhorns when we first c a m e , " Doc said 
“ Ii i dry tunes, the g ra ss often was a long way from w ate r 
Hut the Longhorn could step out i n s t like a m u l e 
A 
Longhorn steer could go to gra ss and then get back to w a le r when o th e r cattle couldn't m a k e it 
“ There were a lot o! antelope i i i this country then — not many deer, m o r e now 
T h e r e w e r e ple n ty of w o lv e s a n d c o y o t e s a n d lo ts of la* krabhils fr a m e clous 
There were many prairie dogs — even years later. In IHI I, I w a s run fling a dray line —hauling with team s 

See DOC. Page lit 
SA V E MOO 
1ox7-ft. or 1ox9-ft. barn- style lawn buildings. 

YOUR 
CHOICE 
Reg. 249.95 

'■"■-■■•■■-V v 
V A 
V -. s ^ j g i 
■ . 4 
N 
'' 
< 
' 
”-C, . 

% > * / r ' v 
•V A s ' ' v • 

* 
X ' 
’ 
*'• 
^ 

N 
' 
V 
• -v N 
' N , v 
. V 
S'* 
. 

This house carries no historical plaque. For about 25 years — after many years as a home — it has been used as a hay barn and for storing cattle feed. But what a story it tells of Texas! The lumber for it was hauled I 5 o miles by ox team. And it was paid for with buffalo hides. 

Doc: a P a g e from history 

This is the story of a man called "D oe.” 

And the lu m b e r was paid for with hides from buffalo that ro am ed the broad plains n e a r which the house stands. 
Certainly there must be few houses loft in tho nation that were built from lumber hauled by ox cart — and paid for with buffalo hides. 
The man is R. M “ Doe" Destain! of Anson. 
You may recall Bonnie and I went to Anson to do our Christm as story on 
“ The Cowboys’ C hristm as Ball." 
To get Hie feel of th e s t o r y , we asked Mrs. J e a n Bryant of the Anson 
C h a m b e r of C o m m e r c e to help us m e e t s o m e of th e p eo p le who had been in tin' Anson are a longest. 
One of these was “ Doc” Bestand 
We ha d not ta l k e d with h im long when we realiz ed h ere was a m a n who had a first-hand story of life in an earlier day in Texas. 
Named for doctor 

It is also a chapte r in the story of 
Texas. 
To most people — history is the story of the days of long ago and the m a k e r s of h i s t o r y w e r e g i a n t s in those days of yore. 
The history of Texas had its share of giants in those olden days — Sam 
Houston — Davy Crockett — Stephen 
T 
Austin — and the even earlier 
Spanish explorers, missionaries and priests 
Hut those long ago days a re only the opening chapte rs in the story (if 
Texas T h e r e a r e m a n y c h a p t e r s . 
And one of the most im portant was written by the men. women and chil dren who c a m e to Texas, usually by covered wagon and settled on sinai! 

The real story of Texas is people — thousands of unsung men and women. 
In good times and bad, they kept at it and their fortitude made the state w hat it is tod ay 
Doc H estand o f Anson is a symbol of those unsung thousands. Doc came to Anson in a covered wagon as a boy of 7. That was almost 8 o years ago. He still works hard raising wheat and cattle. And no mon is more respected. 

" D o c " H e s ta n d h a s c a r r i e d the name "D oc” all his life. 
It was not unusual in those days to n a m e a son for the doctor who deli­ v e r e d h i m . T h a t s a y s s o m e t h i n g about the impo rtanee of pioneer doc­ tors and the affection with which they were held. 
The doctor who delivered Hestand was Dr. Robert Manor. So the baby wa s n a m e d Robert Mailer B e sta n d and s o m e o n e s t a r t e d c a l l i n g h im 
“ Doc" at that time. 
He lias always been called “ Doe" ev en by th e s m a l l e s t c h i l d r e n in 
Anson. It is a title of friendship and respect. 

 farms and ranches 

T h e y fought d r o u t h s a n d b lu e 
N orth ers—sandsto rm s and boll wee­ vils — the “ panics" of the lHHHs — to carve out a homoplace for their fa­ milies. And in so doing, these u n h e r ­ alded people had a m a jo r role iii making Texas the state it is today 

Bonnie and I have talked with a man who symbolizes this chapte r in 
Texas history. He is a quiet, modest m a n who w ould he he th e first to laugh at the idea there is any thing symbolic or historic in his life. 
We talked with him for a ti me at a house in which he and his family once lived. 
T h e h o u se w a s b u i l t of l u m b e r hauled from Fort Worth in a wagon pulled by oxen. 
Buffalo hides 

WHETHER IT S FOR YOURSELF, YOUR HOME, YOUR CAR— WARDS CHARG-ALL CREDIT CAN HELP YOU ENJOY IT NOW 
I 
Value. It’s what we’re all about. 

WONDERLAND MALL 

Fredericksburg Rd at Loop 41o 
Open IO A.M. until 9 P.M. daily 
MCCRELESS MALL 
So. New Braunfels at Southcross 
Open IO A.M. until 9 P M daily 

WINDSOR PARK MALL 

IH 35 North at Walzeni Road 
Open IO A.M. until 9 P.M. daily 

LACKLAND PLAZA 

7569 Highway 9o West 
Open IO A.M. until 9 P.M. daily 

RANDOLPH PLAZA 

9oo Pat Booker Road 
Open IO A.M. until 9 P M. daily 

We’re starting the Gnu Year out right with a 
25% OFF SALE 
, on a bunch r 
( of selected 
\ goodies / 

LEATHER 
BELTED 
RABBIT 
SKIN 
COATS 
SALE 
PRICED 
AT 
79.99 

N atural rabbit skins in a 2 9 

 inch coat. A sensational value 

 at $79.99. A lso available in a 
4 3 inch coat at $ 1 I 9.99. 

NORTH STAR 
1o:3o-9:oo 
WOODLAWN 

I A . A A C .O A 

Kellners to observe anniversary 

M r. and 
M rs 
A lb e r t 
Kellner will celebrate their 
5oth wedding an n iv ersary with an open house Sunday in their home. 

Assisting as hosts will be th e ir c h ild r e n : M e s s e r s , and Mines. Fred Kellner of 
Austin. Albert Kellner J r . , 
Eugene Kellner and Gerald 
M a th is and 
C a ro ly n 
Kellner 

T he couple was m arried 
J a n 
IK, 1o27, in S a cr e d 
Heart Catholic Church in 
Floresville. A m ass will be celebrated i i i their honor at 
K a m. Sunday in St. Luke’s 
Catholic Church 

Women made 

T hey have nine children 
'rand* 
MR. AND MRS. A LBERT K E L L N E R 

 llJorwuvJ Strop 

U f t l l MM J I MVMA C ava I m cL i m m # 
Half and Large Size fashions 

January 
CLEARANCE 

Savings V3 to V® 

SIZES 12 
Vt lo 2 6 Mi. ah to 5 2 . 18 and 2 o 

I & 2 PC. 
D RESSES 
16.99 to 44.99 
KEO. #26 lo #7o 

ENTIRE STOCK 
DESIGNER DRESSES 
29.99 to 89.99 
REG. #<>o lo #18o 

ALL-OCCASION, LONG 
RESTAURANT DRESSES 
29.99 to 79.99 
Ii Lip. £ IG in s I (id 

\\ INTER COATS 
37.99 to 69.99 

REC. £58 to £11o 

JEANS & NOVELTY 
PATTERN PANTS 
9.99 
KEG. #17 & #18 

PANTSUITS & 
JI MPS! ITS 
19.99 lo 74.99 

K E G . # 8 o lo #1 l o 

CAF TAN BLOl SKS 
12.99-13.99 

KEG. #2'l 
#21 

SWEATER KNIT 
PONCHOS 
13.99 lo 2o.99 
UM#. £28 t«i £5o 
ONE SIZE HTS M U 

NO M XI N ANE. / N O R T H S T A R VI NEL / MILITARY DR. PLAZA / W O N D E R L A N D 

A l w . i i i C o r t o t * C h r M i a n d l l < > u - i > > n 

Clubs and 
Spades 

Dear Ann Landers: 
Not being an all-out. bra-bu rn­ ing W omen’s Libber, but a young wife who is anxious to see the E R A ratified, I ran across a poem that says it all. Will von please print it? 
Woman was m ade from the rill of man 
She was not created from his head — to top him 
Nor from his feet — lo be stepped on 
She w a# m ade from Ins side — to In* (>qual to him 
From beneath his arm — to be protected l>\ him. 
Near Ills heart — to be loved by him. — I nsigned 
From Saginaw 
Dear I nsigned: 
Lovely. 
T han k you for sh a rin g it with my readers 

Landers 

 bigot 

W EDNESDAY 
9:3o a m. SAN ANTONIO 
(CARDEN ( E N T E R , in the 
Garden ( enter. Mrs. F ran k 
Allen of Mission Nurseries will present “ Happiness is a H an g in g B a s k e t . ” H os­ tess clubs will lie San F e r ­ nando, Woodlawn Hills and 
Shavano. Plant sale is at 9 a in. 
THURSDAY 
9.3o a i i i. W H ISPERIN G 
OAKS GARDEN CLI B, in th e San A ntonio G a r d e n 
Center. Mrs. J . I). Holland will present. 
“ G ardeners 
Love W inning a R ib b o n .” 
Carpool le a v e s th e sw im clu b at 9 a m . M e m b e r s may bring m aterials to p r a c t ic e for th e F lo w e r 
Show. 

Dear Ann: I d like to say a word to “ Irritated in M i­ chigan” w ho accused you of being a bigot because you said, “ No one has to go through life w it ii kinky hair these days unless lie wants to.” 
I am a white, Anglo-Sax­ on, Protestant female, born with very curly hair, which 
I proudly wear in an Afro. 
My white friends call m e 
“ W asp," my black friends call m e “ Soul S iste r." 
We all ag ree it doesn’t m atter what you look like on the outside, but what s on the inside that counts. 
Anyone who reads your column should know what you are like on the inside, it co m e s through loud and clear. You don't need to be defended. 
T h e person who w rote that letter is overly sensi­ tive to his or her “ ethnic” characteristics. 
I believe a little soul-ser- 

 aehing is iii order 
— X our 
Sister — Vim! Yours — \nd 
V ours . . . 
Dear Sis: Thanks for the up front response. Dozens of readers wrote to express the sam e point of view — but you said it best. 
Criticism 

Dear Ann Landers: 
This letter is being written by three 13-year-olds who like your column very much. We get mad when people write in and c r i t i c i z e you r answers. 
A ller all. your read ers want VOCK opinion, which is why they write to you. 
We think your replies are v ery s e n s ib le and hope those m ean readers don't hurt your feelings. Keep up the good work. — For You 
In Augusta. Maine 
D ear F .M .: 
A ctu a lly , critical letters don t bother me. In fact. I learn from my read ers 
S o m e tim e s they are right and I am wrong. 

But thanks for your vote of confidence. Pet 
Concerned 

Dear Ann Landers: Your a n s w e r to “ D eep ly C o n ­ cerned.’’ the woman whoso husband decided to have a sex change operation and wanted to know what their children should call their dad. w asn 't one of your best 
Why d id n ’t you sa y . 
“ D eceased"? He will have ended his pretense of being a man. a father or husband and so far a# Ins family is concerned he is the sam e as dead. 
You can be sure the least of his worries is what his kids will call him. Iii fact, he’d probably prefer that they didn’t call him at ail 
— I pset 
D ear t p: 
I h av e no first-h a n d k n o w led g e of such situations (this is a 
- datively new wrinkle), but as time goes on we ll learn more about what happens to the family relationships of transsexuals. It should be interesting. 
Even if drinking is the 
“ in " thing in your crowd, it n e e d n ’t crow d you out 
Learn the facts from Ann 
Landers’s booklet, “ Booze 
And You *— For Teen-agers 
Only." Send 59 cents in coin and a long, self-addressed, stamped envelope to Ann 
Landers, ca re of Tho E x ­ press, Box 2171. San Anton­ io. Tex.. 78297 

Parent teacher calendar 

TEESD A Y it) a . iii. FDX TEC H HIGH 
SCHOOL 
F T A , in th e te a c h e r s * lo u n g e ro o m . 
Phillip Acosta will speak on the SAISD Bond Election. 
7 p m 
ED ISO N HIGH 
SCHOOL 
F T A . in th e school mall, Kay Coleman will d irect tile d ra m a d e ­ partm ent production of a 
Ja p a n e se fable E xecu tive hoard will meet at 9 39 a . i i i . 

 iii Room 193. 
' 7 p iii 
ESC O BA R .U N­ 
ION IIH.Ii FTA. iii lite c a ­ feteria. 
7 p m . 
B R E N T W O O D 
J I MOR HIGH FTA. ii i the c a fe to r iu m . A v o lle y b a ll gam e, parents and faculty v e rsu s s tu d e n ts , w ill be held at 9 39 p.m. 
7:3o p m . C H I RC ll I LL 
HIGH SCHOOL FTA, in the auditorium. College c o u rse selection and planning will lie d iscu ssed 
C o u n selo rs will include Mines B ernice 
E veritt, W inifred E n g lish and F ra n ces E verett. Roy 
Gubryl and Claude Sui it Ii will p r e s e n t v o c a tio n a l counseling advice 
1 1 
SCI cafetorium 

7:39 p m. H O BBY MID 
DEE SCHOOL FTA. i ii the 
THE BLUE GNU 

55o1 M^Houflh-in The Yard •San Antonio .Texas 78212 •822 oooo 

S a n A n to n io 

E X P R E S S -N E W S 
Sa tu rd a y 
Jan u ary 1 5 1 9 7 7 

'Who’s Who’ going to Inaugural galas 

By BARBARA 
GAMAREKIAN 

N E W YO RK TIM ES N E W S SERVICE 

NEW VORK - “ I’ve been to one before,” said George Plimpton. 
“ F ra n k ly , once is enough to last a life­ tim e.” 
T h e s u b je c t u n d er d is ­ c u s sio n w as 
In a u g u r a l balls. 
It is not for want of an invitation that Plimpton is disdaining all the festivities m a r k in g J i m m y C a r t e r ’s inauguration on Ja n . 2o. He said his wife had received o ne. but he ju s t th o u g h t better of it. 
Who is and who is not heading for Washington for the Inauguration? 
Andy Warhol said he was not, althou g h C h e rry D u ­ rbin thought sh*' was. Lallv 
W eym outh, the w riter, is not but she volunteered, “ I have a good friend who is ." 
Jackie 
Babe Paley is not going, nor is Jacqu eline Onassis, nor Amanda Burden. And 
Gloria Stein em ’s office said that sh e had a p rev io u s com m itm en t. 
P eter Tufo is going, Lee 
Radziwill is thinking about 

 it. and the Pete Petersons 
— he is chairm an of Leh­ man Brothers — said that they “ plan to be there for 
F ritz ’s party.” 
R ich ard F eig en will be s ta y in g with W ashington f r ie n d s , th e 
D avid 
L 
K re e g e rs, because, he e x ­ plained, “ T he Madison is ripping everyone off.” 
He plans to go to the p ar­ ade, several luncheons and the b a ll. “ But even my friend B ill V anderheuvel doesn’t have a ticket to that gala y et.” 

7 don't think m u re going to get the kind of people that used to run do ten to 
Washington when the 
Ken tied vs were in the lf lute House' 

One question is whether 
V a n d e h e u v e l, an e a r ly 
C a rter sup p orter in New 
York, is “ in ” or “ out.” One observer of the New York political scene said. “ Well, lie’s very in with Cy Vance, 

 so that doesn’t make him terribly out. They met over d in n e r at J a c k i e ’s, you know.” 
New Yorkers 

New Yorkers planning to go in c lu d e th e 
R o b e r t 
W agn ers, the Howard S a ­ muelses, the Arthur Krim s and M rs. A lbert L a s k e r , who said that she planned to 
“ go from place to place — it just depends on how much you can survive.” 
Anne Ford I ’zielli will be there to help her father hold a eoektail-buffet at the F 
Street Club. Among their e x p ected g u e sts a re th e 
C arter B u rg e sse s of New 
York City — he is chairm an of the 
Foreign 
Policy 
Association — but no one seems to know whether Go- vernor Carey will be on the scene. 
M arg aret C ostanza, the 
Vice Mayor of R och ester, has I ca sehI Ann B rinkley’s 
Georgetown house for six weeks, giving substance to the rumor that she will re­ ceive a White House staff appointment. 
Pam ela Harriman, who is on 
_t ho 
In a u g u r a l 
Commfttee. lias just re­ turned to Washington from 
Hobe Sound w here the Har- rim ans have been sunning 

 since Christmas. 
“ I haven’t had a chance to dig into my files to see what com m itm ents we have and sort it all out,” she said, 
“ but fra n k ly , I w ouldn’t have thought that many of what we call the B P ’s are com ing.” 
And Y o la n d c F o x , th e former Miss America from 
Louisiana, who is juggling beds and prospective house guests in her Georgetown showplace once owned by 
Mrs. Onassis, summed it up n ic e ly in lier S o u th e rn drawl, “ I don’t think it’s really their kjnd of scene. 
This is a people's inaugur­ a l.” 
One New Yorker, who re­ quested anonymity, said. “ I don't think you're going to get a lot of the kind of peo­ ple that used to run down to 
Washington when the Ken- nedys w ere in the W hite 
House 
“ T h a t ’s not r e a lly 
C arter’s group — most of them are doers rather than beautiful people.” 
Peter Duchin is in charge of the m u sic for the six balls.. The Duchins will be flying in from West V irgin­ ia, where he is playing for the gubernatorial inaugur­ ation of John D. Rockefeller 
IV on Hie 17th, and they will 

Staying home 

GEORGE PLIMPTON 

The Ted Sorensens will take a break from house hunting in W ashington to join 7o9 others the morning of Jan. 21 at an open house at the White House for all th o se who p rovided th e 
C a r te r fam ily with beds during the long campaign. 
“ It was a year ago No­ vember that lie stayed with us.” said Gillian Sorensen. 
“ We now call it the Carter couch.’’ 

GLORIA STEINEM 

ANDY WARHOL he s ta y in g at the H a r r i ­ m an ’s. 
“ We have a perm anent room there, it see m s,” said 
C h e rry D u ch in . T h e D u ­ c h in s will be g o in g to 
“ P h y l l i s ’s l u n c h ,” and 
“ two parties on the 19th.” 

The Smith Bagievs (it is to their home on St. Simon 
Island that Jim m y Carter som etim es re tre a ts ) plan no parties but are expecting family as guests. 

Ther're going 

TED SORENSEN 

ROBERT WAGNER 

ANNE FORD I ZIELLI 

NORTH STAR M A H 
344-6244 

W O O DLAW N CENTER 
732-85o1 

Son Antonio EXPRESS-N EW S— Soturday January 15 19 7 7 

S 
M 
H 
B 
I 

*m c firii& $ :. J j. i 
£ JL 
M 
...Coming Sunday in the Express-News 
Sidewalk crepes for shoppers 

By JANE ULBRICH 

EXPSESS NEWS FOOD EDITOR 
Cafe Marseilles Cs a ser­ endipity of a restaurant. 
Lodged between Orange Julius and F.W. Woolworth in Wonder­ land Mall, the French sidewalk cafe-ty p e p lace is full of s u r ­ prises. 
Not the least of which is FR E E coffee served with breakfast. 
And, the b rea k fa st m enu in ­ cludes a ham and egg crepe with cheese sauce for 75 cents. 
The crepes are a concession. 

 says owner manager Jim De Lu­ ca. to the French them e of tin* restaurant. 

Though De Luca did not mean to go into the crepes business, they have been well received. He offers 
Chicken a la King. Tuna Souffle. 
Spinach Souffle and Cheese. 
They range from 85 cents to $1 for one crepe (a half order) and from $1.75 to $1.95 for two crepes; 
Besides the breakfast crepe, which I consider good nutrition and good taste for the money. I 
■have tasted the chicken, tuna and spinach varieties. 

I like all three, although I think 
‘souffle” is a misnomer, as the consistency of the filling is more like a sauce. 
The crepes themselves are thin and delicate in these hot offerings, but in the cold dessert crepes 
(strawberry or banana) they seem a bit tough and pasty. 
De Luca says, however, that h e1 is working on improving his pro­ duct. He also is experimenting by varying the types of sauces from time to time. 
His strong suit, as a matter of fact, is sandwiches. He is the 
Sewing seminars slated this m onth 

American Fashion Insti­ tute of New York will hold two seven hour sewing se­ minars this month at Oak 
Hills Motor Inn. 
The first class will meet from 9:3o a.m. to I p.m. and 
6:3o to IO p.m. Jan. 24. The- other class will be held the same hours Jan. 25. 

D ire c ted at both a d ­ vanced and novice seam-, stresses, the sem inar will show a basic method for making an individually fit­ 

 ted dress or pants pattern. 
The basic pattern is co­ pied on tracing paper and can be used to style any of the n u m e ro u s d e s ig n s created by the institute. 
This approach elim inates waste of badly cut fabrics and'time consuming altera­ tions. 
Conducting the seminars will be Dusan Mrak. head of the fashion institute. 
A fee will Ik* charged 
Reservations may bd made hy calling 223-6311. r ■"I scene 
'V'.. 
■V* 

Lotus Club to hold meet 

Lotus Club will meet in 
Earl Abel’s at noon Satur­ day for a p ro g ra m on 
‘‘Education Beyond 1976.” 
Mrs. Katherine Abramson is chairman for the day. 
Mines. Marie Waterman. 

T. J. Conway and Isabel 
Zim m erm ann will partici­ pate. Co-hostesses will be 
Mines. Oliver Strieker. M.‘ 
C. Copeland. George Kirby, 
J. M. Landrum and Zim- mermann. 
M ary modeled this pink silk chiffon gown with wine accents at the first Bright Shawl fashion show-luncheon of the new year. Styles were 

 from C arl S. p h o to by tarky iarsik es 

Auxiliary w i l l . meet 

Dine in 

| year 1885 
I “WORTLEY 

| f 
R E S T A U R A N T S 

 i f 
SER V IN G c i W 
P H y 
Ii 
K|>o m 

IN 
Cocktails 
| ) A 1 { 
(CIOSIO MONDAYS) 
^ 
On the plaza IN BOERNE 249-3ooo 

San Antonio Restaurant 
Association Women’s Auxi­ lia ry will m e e t at noon 
Wednesday in the Los P a ­ tios Laurel Room. 

 a p o rtra it d u rin g the program . The program is titled “ P o rtrait of an A r­ tist.” 

Pat Holtzinger w ill paint. 
Guests are welcome 
Lodge sets installation 

Mrs. Willie Dyal will be installed as Noble Grand of 
Army Rebekah Lodge No. 
256 at 8 p.m. Saturday. Jan 
22, in the Crockett Hotel 

Mrs. Agnes Holder, dis­ trict deputy president of 
District No. 75 of Rebekah 
Assembly of Texas of the 
Independent Order of Odd 
Fellows GOOF) will install 
Mrs. Dyal. 

Mrs. Mae Nell Rhymes, deputy m a rsh a l, and the following will assist Mrs. 

January 
Clearance 
SALE 

Storewide Savings of up to 5o%! 

A super storewide clearance. 

Reductions up to 5o% on the finest names in furniture . . . quality you ve come to expect day-to-day at TREND HOUSE. 

Exceptional values. 
O n everything from lamps to sofas, chairs, sleepers, occasional tables, dining and bedroom furniture. 

Master Charge 

BankAmericard 

9o Day Charge open daily IO to 6 thursday til 9 p m. 

Time Payment 
Plan 
TREND 
MOUSE 

Located in Colonies North Shopping Center / 696-3641 

Pl pl 

 owner of a sandwich and fruit smoothie shop in Central P ark 
Mall. 
At Cafe Marseilles, lie offers ham and avocado, ham and cheese, corned beef, salami and cheese, steak and avocado and a 
’combination. 
Sandw iches are served with chips, and prices range from $1 25 to $1.95 for a combination 
‘‘We wanted to be a last food restaurant,” says De Luca, “ but we wanted to be able to make sandw iches to suit the indivi­ dual.” 

'# 4 

(Si >1. f i i 

Even the crepes are prepared quickly, via microwave ovens. 
Other item s on tho menu in­ clude a soup of the day, salads, 
Frito Pie. chili and frozen yogurt. 
Cafe Marseilles opens at 8 a m. 
M onday th ro u g h 
S a tu rd a y . 
Breakfast is served until ll a.m., and crepes and sandwiches are available until the mall crowd thins out, about 6 or 7 p.m. 
“ We want to be open from 8 to 
8,” says De Luca. 
“ We ll be selling wine and beer soon, and we should have enough customers then to stay open until 8 .” 

Speak-off to be held 

Insurance Women of the 
Alamo will meet in Villa 
Espanola for dinner, begin- 
, 
Ming with a social hour at 6 p in . Thursday. A speak- off competition will be held 
P a r tic ip a n ts a r e g r a ­ duates of Operation LACE 
( L e t’s All C o m m u n icate 
Effectively). The w inner will compete in the regional meeting in LaFayette, La,, in March. 
Members of USAA Toast­ m asters Club No 181 w ill be the judges 

DUSAN MRAK SHOWS PATTERN-FITTING 
...sew ing seminars planned at Oak Hills Motor Inn love is ... 

 m urem 

 a heart-to-heart 
Holder: Mines. Johnnie Du­ bose, Guy W. Ennis J r ., 
Luis Burrier, Lynn Gains, 
Doris Rankin, Em m a Mit­ chell, Sam Young and J.L. 
Bland lr 
Other elective officers to 
Im* installed are Mrs Leona 
C ham berlain, M rs 
E.G. 
Bielefeld, Mrs. Annie B. 
Carter. Irma Gesehe, and 
Mrs. O P. llaeeker. 

(.lass of '66 
Iplans reunion 

B ra c k e n rid g e 
High 
School C lass of lHHii is s p o n so rin g a 
R eunion 
Dance for all form er s tu ­ dents and friends. 
The dance will be from 8 p in to midnight, March 2o, in the Banquet Hall of the 
Convention Center. 
Guests will dance to the music of T.C. Revue. 
For ticket inform ation, contact Robert Vargas. 

Musical show is slated 

M em bers of St. L uke’s 
Episcopal Church will pre­ sent a musical production, 
"L ukesapoppin” as a cli­ max to the annual parish s u p p e r and m e e tin g 
W ednesday h i 
A lam o 
Heights High School Audi­ torium. 
The covered dish supper will be held at 6 p.m., the m eetin g at 7:3o and the show will begin at 8 p m. 
“ It is actually a Broadway show,” says the Rev. David 
P. C om egys J r ., recto r. 
“ The high school is located on that fam ous thorough- 
*fare.” 
D ottie (M rs. C h a rle s ) 
Kenuorthey, director of the show, is being assisted by the Rev. and M rs., Co­ megys, Mr. and Mrs. John 
.Cook, Fred B urtner, Col 
(ret.) and Mrs. John Ols son, and < buries Kenworth ey. 
Leo Green, chairm an of the Music D epartm ent at 
St. Mary’s U niversity, is the show ’s musical d irec ­ tor. 
Attention, presidents 

P le a se call for an a p ­ pointm ent, 225-7411, ext. 
392, to have your picture made for the Express-News annual salu te to P aren t- 
Teacher groups. 
Pictures will be made through Tuesday, Feb. L 
Appointments are neces­ sary. 

 ta lk . 

IM (W a U S PM ON - * ■ ite F tt* -M o n a * 
*5 IOTT UM Ango!— Timtm 

BE A BETTER YOU 
Becom e m ore attractive, poised and confident 
Professional instruction in Modeling techniques, Make-Up and Self 
Im provem ent 
G roup o r Individual classes 
VICKI NICHOLS 
MODELING AND FASHION STUDIO 
824-6234 
696-7468 

E le c tio n f o r D ir e c to r s 
Polling P laces and 
V o tin g Precincts 
S atu rd ay, Ja n u a ry 1 5 , 1 9 7 7 
San A n to n io R iv e r A u th o rity and 
Edw ards U n d e rg ro u n d W a te r D istrict 

 bRICINCT NO. 
NOtUNO K A C I 
1o1 
IO) 
1o3 
1o4 
1o3 
IO* 
IOT 
IO* 
IOO 
11o 
4n 
.n? iii 
114 
HS, ll*. 
IIT 

I etoile l lim >wto ry School 
J T. I n i t i o i i i i o Mom. School 
• « n i« High School 
DoZaveria (tomor,tory School 
Saveloy (lovnontory School 
Immcarkifc Conception Church 
Rein oo I lo man ta ry School 
Rwrfksvth Hi uh School 
It. Jw m m I fc n r y 
Coiffes* Ocar dim Vt ho-ol k om i llainafitary School th o d es Junior HI*h School tdgexvRsodf Junia^j^Sf^^ph School 

ADORISS 
I 3 o 3 W oe! Durango 
1314 G uadalupe 
.IS M W ad O u.ongu 
3311 Son U U 
1 113 South Z orlcm orc 
31 4 Marino 
3o1 S South Floral 
1 o o 3 M v a A 
OOT W a d Thao 
147 Harriman 
43S Awdy 
J OOO Tampico 
33 3 Cupola* r 
1 7 3 o Athol 

E le c c io h p a r a D i r e c t o r s 
Parajes d e v o tacio n y 
Precn.tos p a ra V o ta r 
S ab ad o, Enero 15, 1977 
A u to rid a d d el Rio San A n to n io y 
Distrito de las A g u a s S u b te rra n e a s Ed w ard s 

BRICINCT NO 
BOLLING RIAL* 

334 
33o 
331 
333 
333 
IS? ill 

 aapsis* 
I $ 3 4 Va..dal w ood 
OI .no* Parti OoH Coo t m Club Haute 
7 o o o M<Collough 
Crl.no* Ho ma ntory School 
Allana Snptld Church 
R a to n I. lo g High School 
RMgovlow I lo m anta ry School 
Century Building 
Northwood llom antary School 
Ooh CW., va Ila mon tory School 
Ouodrnngjo Shopping Cantor rte i th LoSp S ow leo Cantor 
AA » 
A — «-.W BF ■ j - Ii AO — AA net jf 3fNt Ty ransfi roan 

I 1o3 AHana 
33 o 1 B ou o Rood 
1 4 o o Jocb*un-Koltar Bood 
B 333 McCullough 
M N I lo o p 

Ho manta ry S 
I Civic Cantor 
School 

Columbic Height* (lorn. School tiro Station O IS 
Cantor Homo ata r y School 
Rayburn Ila mon t a-y School 
SANTO 
V eda! Ilomontory School 
G uiana ilom ontory School 
South San Antonio High School 
Do F ail Family Cantor 

School 
1 4 3 4 Thompton blat a 
1o 3 4 Thompton blae a 
SJO Moo vat 
SOA Stonew all 
113 W ad Soothe rote 
1 4 1 o Fitch 
3 3 4 3 W ad Souther et* 
BS* W ad Southern** 
4 3 3 Rayburn 
44IV South I o n o m tr * 
T i l l W att Va* to I MOCO 
4 3 3 O.Motto Blvd- 
U I S N o .a lo 

M I tUanhoarac Middle School 
34 3 , 344 Lorbcpur Op ta a at ary School 
34 3 
Harmony MMU Cabana Club 
3 4 4 
Coli or Mo tho did Church 
347 
Cohoe Ilomont ory Scho o l 
3 4 4 
Clo! 
' 
' 

3 1 4 Mho Bood 
J I SO Nae ag do. ho* 
4t>Oo Brood way 
Airport Bouto yard 
I J b lo .A* north o f Loop 4 IO | 
Bion* a Bood and Bom to y Rood 
B33I blanco l l J JO Bol Ai. 
3 3 4 Fantod s 
I I J I * North I 
Ha Im or Bood or Spring* Mo m or tary School 431 I Cigar Spring* 
—don i lomontory School 
SIS Willow mon MHU Ilom ontory School 
1 4 o o W ed A*hby chlor Q or dc ne 
JIB I Josephine 
33 7 . 3o4 John barching Ilom ontory School AOO Sondmoyor 
JJS l i t W oodhen WO eon iiem o n .o . r Sch ool 1431 Clow a. 

I*' 
ISS 
334 

Ihopard MUM lo School 
4 7 o 3 
I 33. 147 bolo Alto ilom ontory School 

Sam Rayburn Junior% gh School 1 4 o o CodMr&vrd 
Volley High ilom ontory School 
57o3 Roy tMHon Drivo 
Indian Croon Ilom ontory School 
5 7 4 o boo.tuH lo m l 

 behoot 

7 4 o 3 Som e real Rood 
4 7 o 3 la y IMHon Ort.a 
1 7 )3 RoUt Alto Rood 
AUTO 
OO Re yalgate 
OO Cedarhurst 

Antonio OMvoroc Ilom ontory School 
1 4 J o ’o“ 

JAS, SAS North ern MMU Shopping fe n 
J44 
I' Oared*. Ile "— .tor , {.hi,*, 
34 4 
Obw»o>bi Set— 
»?*.... ii—1‘H .r ”* 

$ 4 1 o Stance 
3 3 4 4 N I Loop 4 1 o 
School 
3 4 3 S Autor. Rood 

Club 

 br KC demon*ory 
Mar git " 
Beano B i 
Crock att Clam ant ary School 
So,, loon Church Hon 

W oodlawn United M ethodic! t int in a Mom* Junior High Sch 
Fenwick Ilomo ntory School 

.S ch o o l 
(d gew aod High 
LJrrc 
It I nm# r - Y'y 9fekHoROl| 
Holy Family Borith 
Mu piper** n o m pantry School 

OllloMo A venue 
3 4 S Brice A venue 
4o1 N. Loc Moro* 
Arbor Bloc# f i f e r 
11 $ Leu Balm a . 
3 .o o Bubo. b u ,.. 
H H | Cuhbro 
____ 
Church 
K O I W a d Wc H 
School 3 1 3 3 W ad Muleoch, 
I 9 JO W avacfv 
I OOO N W SAH. S h e e t 
6 o 7 S. W 34th Snoot 
SAS I W 4 9 th S co o t 
ISS vier en* lo 
147 I 
So.— .—a 

 lf? 

 jkMdHor IHI I cth lim m il im limn HMb lek o pi 
W uedlownrHtm entory School 
.. 
Bede am or Lutheran Church 
H O ? Frlderlcfc* 
‘“T i . 
Arnold Ca man lory behoot 
4 4 7 t rolling cd I bad.rn ilom ontory School 
OOO CrodvTpw 
Suncot MMU ilom ontory School 
1 1 4 Clo o w loot 
Sui Bom Middle School 
> 43o CeUe^wm bood 
/~-J 
—.IU — ti* -, i ■> 41 toe ce 8 -A* rn A* I 
51o3 We TBF t4SA*$ A 
* COO Frodortcbcbucg 
'IJ J B e c h e r .. 
3 4 1 $ W ool Avonuo 
N I T R t F M N N * 
I 441 S Flerm ocnet cw 
11 SSS Vam o M ckton 
1SJOO bob*a.* » o u i 
Soon# «Jom *nta r, School 
R O U Rg ifclfTSM 
OcFord UMtod Mo tho d id Church M 
- 
Mount Olive LMOo.ua Church 
S jRapaba JusdeR tSkMh BehnoeHl I 
Rkisry hhdt 
7 
-fn tm g ta 
Core nod# B ein ant ary Sch ool 
4 3 $ $ ..Urn Oe..*> 

3 7 4 
3 7 s l 
3 7 4 

 i r v 
4o1 
4 o } 
4o1 
4 o 4 
4 o 39w 
:;? 
4 1 3 
4 1 3 
4 1 4 
AIS 
414 
4 1 7 a? 
.ai 
433 
.I . 
433 
4 3 4 
4 3 7 
4 3 4 
4 3 4 
AJO 
Ail. . 
4 3 3 
4 J J 
4 3 4 
4 3 3 
ASA arb9 
4 4 o 
4 4 1 

I J JO J N u*ogd»*het Rood 
I 3 4 3 4 ll Sonde re 
SIA I MogneiUt 
3 343 thou cond Ooh • Orlvo 
<3o1 Au*tin Highway 
4 3 3 3 Com ad* 
1*o1 N o.egdoche* Rood 
1*o1 Mat ag doc hoi 
Fire N otion F*o I 7 
I S 34 Sandalw ood 
I Com bin e d add* brocho t 33RJ 
Harmony SMU Mom ent ary Scho ol 
1 o 7 3 7 M emory 
Victoria Cauda Recreation Cantor 
33S Lobar Struct 
Rowboat K mc n ary School 
R JI l l. Mary t 
W heatley Htgh School iOO Tam ple 
Boo Junior High School 
R14 Aroma* 
SC. BhMMp'* Ceile go Auditorium favor 
31 I I N o.od e 
Tynan Sfomuntwr j School 
4 3 3 OuM Sn oot 
I— u n Kin tor High School 
41 I Oubr.e' 
Comoran Ile rn a ti tory School 
3 4 3 3 Belgium Lone 
R ile. Junior High School 
TSOI N eb. ode a 
Smtm Ilom ontory Sch o o l 
4 3 3 South Oeoor* 
- - - - - 
| 
Mri iii gn lp r/ larh nun I 
6 1 5 Riot ti y 
I Terrace M ethodic! Church 
1411 Steve* ton HIO 
3 4 o 3 I N ow 
Bi vee* Ida Borh Ilom ontory Sch o o l 
3o3 School Si 
Knob D em * nee ry School 
JO} Upton 
Morrill Word School Atmo* t h y ScwMon > 3 1 
^ ^ 

 fHVf* relets 
Cente r 
CofviaN h ^ m r nimlh feh pni 

G roonw ood A Sod Soyor* 
SS l r South Flora* 
J14 Actor 
7 3 3 Hogg in 
4 1 o o I flew 

 b I Ie m onte r y S. hee I 
CU 
I 
Nth Sc hee* 

 it hooch I tom e*.-»■ y 
FIW I tot! en 

4 o o Hot W. 
3* JO Sell, 
6 7 1 R P a e a n 

Sc heal id White Mid 41. Sci H 
H 
Otto BtoHto* I Ie in on to ry School 

 lh. ■ u 
Tiding* H L ..t 
. V olley ~ 
H I * 
|HSgh School 

HorimcdoM M ldJo Scheol 
Odd Follow* le d g e * 3 6 

Rrountel* 
WoN* ly Goy* 
M o n V a lle, to t Koto Sc he neb 
1oo3 l a d South*w u 
7 34 O local* 
J i l l Ugh. 
' v i a a (goby 
S 633 Co*ti* Kntght 
ASSI Oievruh Rood 
(O IS I W W Whtto Bood 
IRIS I W W Whtte Reed 
H A S S W W WhMo Bood 
ROAR Roe* South*.ac* 
J I 4 O wlwoy 
ROA 

 i Mompotory I 
KkinlwHb# HfeaN 
6 5 OO IwaMWBWia 
‘jc ^ 
. va Httfb JI# sit*!# ?'»I -me v 
I I o nw MSI 1 
Si. John * Unbod M omodUt Church l l I Clou. 

V life* 
$6pfl| 
B u b ViN og^B oni bni iu-y Sch o o l 

. . H ell 

:toud«wH rn sottd ow 

 behoot or v pc—n o n e* Nu.*! 
S. F, A ic* Mn ItomowCory Sci 
Trovb Ile mon te .» School 

Corr or CuMwwl C cm rn un IT 
3o 4 . 317 John Barching U em en tor. 
3o7 
Lamar jU moOTgry Scheol f *r |ty' ***** CKu'th 
JO* 
SIO 
311 
313 

334 
337 

 fwvM Sovbim and Loon Ae»eel*t<*« 4 4 3 o CdW (^on al 
St, 
^ o cbytprlon Church 4311 Callaghan Rood fib pol OC VbCOtlin o T Huwtng 
337 W. Trovto 
* * 
‘ J I — 
^ M lO n io l 
431 W ad lur lid 
141 S North Main 
RO I l a d H oodoo 
Corr or Cuttuw l Com m ent*, Cantor 
334 N. Mockborry 
' 
OOO Sondmoyor 
1o1 be. land 
J I* I NLwMe.r, 
13 7 W ait W oodlaw n 
Mot* I web! Junior Htgh School 
3411 Son Bodw 
Root on HIN Broch- to Hon Church I I o I W ad W oo diown 
C W rib -H d Notional Sank 
I ROO W ed Hildobrond 
Loc RngoSg* SN* Mo th o did Church 
ROS Calotte# 
RIM M B*. * boc - B O 
Blen to Rood a i Froeno tehee! t o I Som e **.«.«« 

173 llr r ^ B t e M S b o ^ U ^ I o n lo r 
I 
1^ AueHrOhgh w e , fc**. f dipgl 
4 4 1 1 Rloomdofo 
IfaploiH m t Rgfcopl 
ARI 4 Wirftom 
I!- 
•••^OTlNt Church 
T i l Robinhood 
St Anthony * Catholic Church 
1o3 Loran* 

134, 141, U S , ISI 
Soc 
I SS 
IST, 134. IAR 
ICO, l l f . ISO 
143, 111 
314 
134. 34o 
341. 341 344 
34$. 344 
347. IAR 
ISI, 133. ISA ill 111 
H S U 
ISO. 311. 347 l l ® " 
4 4 4 . i i i 
4 4 4 , 4 3 4 
4 4 1 . 4 3 o 443 
4 3 1 , 4 3 3 .4 3 7 

M b W ad HuN i l k 
South Flora* 
143 iu d Amber 
3B 31 Blo oconton Rood 
R i l l Ton 
* 4 o 6 k in d e r - 
•III MMcrown 
3RS4 RoyotHdgc b i t e life Lam b ert 
431 l a d South* re** 
SIR N ebtacke 
1o7 Ltncoim htrg 
Heart Church, Von Ormy. Ta. 
J3R Bucket St LA FR 
Lb.klond How* 
___ 
South w e d HI FM 3 * 3 6 yMiJJU Bd 
Bot* en e t tig t* City HoM 11S AHgoH n ... rh.,de r i o J4 o o (voce Rd. 
Js»Lti 
EiRRtV^ -41oo ICRffJ43f A 43 
He tote* Hem Bigg* Bd 
Leon Springe Btom., Loon Rgttnge, Ta. 
Grongo MMI Loo# Vo N o, 
<iem bridgo H o e I W Townm nd 
I err pH Min* tw o Ste . SICK) N ew Sr e un tu b , Ta, ar I torn . 14o1 Jock con Ko Mer ferret! HIN* Fire S to** cen Keller lh . __ 
_ 
Se lm a City Hell Sa Im a, Ta 
Voigt Bocrootlo n 
She ren o Bit F( 
Ion Bldg 7o1 JI bprtol behew*# I SAO! NW MIHtow 
Church. TM ISI S, llm ood orf 
Ooh Crud J* FN . *7B7 Sukphur Sprgt fk ie u Store W eitine i, Ta. 
Kirby J> HI. SARI Seguin Ad. 
Wtnocrnet city, HoH $6o1 Mid*row # 
Un* tor cai City Muni C dg. IOO N orthview Or. 

Offices O pen for Voter Questions: 
O ficinas A biertas para preguntas de Votantes: 
City Clerk 
225-5661 
County Clerk 
2 2 o -2 2 1 6 
San Antonio River Authority 
2 2 7 -1 3 7 3 
Edwards Underground W ater District 
222-22o4 
Election Center 
22o-2631 

Save tip to $98o. during this spectacular sale! In order to make room for new merchandise, these dining rooms must be cleared off our floor. W h a te v e r your needs, apartment size, banquet size, a country look, M editerranean, traditional, French 
Provincial, or contem porary style, painted 

 or a rich warm wood finish, Fisher's has just what you re looking for! Here is just a sample of the styles and tremendous savings waiting for you. Com e in today for best selection! Immediate delivery from stock. 

Beautiful 
8-pc. 
Early 
American dining room by 
Burlington." 
Includes rectangular trestle extension table, large 4-door lighted china, 6 matching chairs with upholstered backs and seats. Rich pine finish. 

Century 8 pc. dining room from the ‘‘Continental Pine" collection. Includes rectangular extension table with parquet top, six matching cane back chairs, upholstered velvet seats, and large 4-door lighted china. 

Reg. S 3 259...3o% O F F 
SZXT 

Broyhill' 7 pc. Traditional dining room includes large rectangular extension table, three leaves four side chairs and two arm with cane backs, upholstered seats. Warm golden pecan finish. 
Reg. S io 8 o ...4 o % O F F ........... 
Reg. $256o...3o% OFF 

 mmmmm 

Contemporary 9-pc. dining room from the "Om ega I." collection. Parsons style dining table with smoked glass insert, matching 5 door credenza, server with 3 doors 
(not illustrated), six cane back chairs upholstered hatian cotton seats. 
Reg. S1719...3o% O F F 
9 
U 
™ 

"Thomasville’ 8-pc. dining room from the "Allegro ll" collection Includes oval extension table with lighted china, six matching bamboo look chairs (4 side 2 arm), upholstered seats Antique white finish. 

Outstanding 8-pc. dining room from the "Cashmir" collection. Lustrous, dark pecan finish, Far Eastern touches in the bamboo-look mouldings and graceful curves. 
Includes extension table, six chairs with upholstered seats and fretwork backs, and lighted china. 
Reg. $2529...3o% O F F 
OUT #5 
Reg. $111O...3o% OFF 

USE O U R 
R E V O L V IN G 
Massive 9-pc. dining room from the "Accent East" collection by "American of Martinsville." Oriental contemporary styling, glossy black teakwood finish. 
Includes extension table, six cane back chairs (4 side 2 arm) with upholstered seats, 4-door lighted china. 

« 
... 
■ 
\ 
Thomasville 
8-pc. dining room from the "Fontaine" collection. Includes oval pedestal extension table with fruitwood top, lighted china, six matching chairs (4 side 2 arm) with sculptured backs, upholstered seats. Finished in refreshing antique yellow and white. 
. 
Reg. $267o...3o% O F F .......... 

"Thomasville 
8-pc. dining room from the "Commentary’ collection. Includes double pedestal extension table, six cane back chairs with upholstered seats (4 side 2 arm), 3 door lighted china. 
Reg. $269o...3o% OFF ____ 

Reg. $2319...3o% OFF 
'distinctive int me furnishings 

Open Daily 1o-8 Thurs. 1o-9 

(Closed Sunday) o f san antonio 

San Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS-— Saturday January 15 1977 
Doc Hestand, at 87, still farms 

Continued from Page IB 
©ut in Midland. I had a big horse and 
I was riding him fast one day when both of his front feet went into a prairie dog hole What a spill — hut luckily I got out of it with only my foot hurt .” 
But the most tinning part of Doc s story was the rough life people had trying to make a li\ mg 
“ There were bad w inters — it doesn't seem to me we have those blue Northers blowing in so quick the way they did back then." he said. 
“ But worst of all were the drouths. 
Drouths critical 
.. “ The drouths drove many a family out. A lot of them never came back 
But I have seen fam ilies who wouldn’t give up — they carne hack two or three times before they finally made it." 
Then Doe turned e\en quieter than his usual quiet manner — and you could see the old days passing through his mind Ile said something that moved Bonnie and me a great deal 
“ You could tell by looking where the campfires had been whether the people were going or coming If they were coming, you might see empty cans or jars around the campsite. 
“ lf they were going all you would see would be rabbit skins “ 
Bonnie and I went with Doc to the 
, house that had been built by lumber brought bv ox team from Fort Worth 

'The triad was b lo w in g sit h a rd th at it was blowing coals fr o m the w oad fire in the f i r e ­ place out onto the floor . . . I has to keep using the broom to sweep them hock' 

— about 15o miles. People lived in it up to about 25 years ago. Now it is used for hay and cattle feed It has one unusual thing, the fireplace is not at either or both ends of the house but in the center 
“ This was an old house when we came here iii 1897,” Doc said. “ My wife and I were living in it iii 1922. 
Our son was a small baby. 
Norther hits 
“ One of the worst Northers I ever saw hit. My wife was very sick and could not leave her bed. My little boy was so sick that I held him iii my arms and tried to do what I could do for him 
“ The wind was blowing so hard that it was blowing coals from the wood fire iii the fireplace out onto the floor, I had to keep using tile broom to sweep them back in the fireplace. 
“ I ll never forget that night — but we made it.” 
That baby boy is now Jam es C. 
Bestand, executive vice president of the Temple Chamber of Commerce. I talked with him by telephone' and how proud he is —■ and rightfully so — of his father 

“ No person ever had finer parents than my lather and my mother, who died several years ag o ." Jam es 
Hestand said. “ I eau truthfully say that I never heard my father or motlier speak unkindly or even raise their voices at each other. 
Hard worker 
“ How hard my father worked —and how much he likes to work now." 
Iii turn Doe is so proud of his son and of his daughter, Charlene. Char­ lene, now Mrs. Gene Rust, has a wo­ man's wear store iii Breckenridge and is an officer in the Chamber of 
( ommeree then* 
Another thing about the wonderful old house that interested Bonnie and nu' were the lightning rods on it 
They have now fallen down on the roof but they were fine ones in their day — elaborate and with bright-co­ lored glass hulls for decoration. 
Lightning rods are also symbolic of a long ago day —when people wouldn’t think of building a new house without lightning rods on it. 
Lightning was much more on peo­ ple’s minds in the old days. During the first 15 or 2o years of the 19oos, 

 people would not talk on the tele­ phone during a thunderstorm — too much danger of lightning. 

Doe took us across the road to a pasture dotted with mesquite and hackberry bushes — with last year!s dry, empty bird nests giving a touch of the season’s sadness to the scene. 
The site was a low hill looking out over a broad valley 
“ The one-room school I attended as a boy stood here,” Doe said. 

The school had a name long a fa­ vorite iii Texas and in the South — 
Pleasant Hill. 

There was a school there a long time. Jam es Hestand went to school there as had his father before him. In tin' son’s day it had grown to a four- room school 
But in time, it gave way to (he wave of school consolidation and today not a trace of ‘Pleasant Hill School” re­ mains 
Life style 

"But the way people lived changed fairly late in the country outside An­ son,” Doc said. 
We didn’t have electricity in our house until 1948. And we were cook­ ing on a wood stove until 1942.” 
And then Doc showed that sense of humor underneath his quiet manner. 
With a twinkle in his eye, he : lid: 
"And I haven’t had a good biscuit since we got rid of that wood stove.” 

Anson is named for republic president 

Anson was named to honor Anson Jones, last president of the Republic of 
Texas. 

When Jones County — named 
Tor Anson Jones — was organ­ ized in 1881, the site of what is now Anson was chosen for the county seat. The town to be built there was named Jones City. 

But when Jones City applied for a post office, it was told it would have to change its name for there already was a Jones 
City in Texas. 

It was then decided to name the town Anson. 

The Texas Handbook reports an unusual episode in Anson’s early history. Texas then had lo­ cal option for towns — they could 
\ote on whether liquor could he sold in the town. 

Anson voted when its popula­ tion was 14. 

The verdict was “ Dry.” 

RRC orders 

Lo-Vaca tell storage plan 

AUSTIN (A P ) 
— The railroad commission asked Lo-Vaca Gather­ ing Co. on Friday to report its plans to acquire natural gas storage facilities— something the company does not have now . 

The commission said in a s ta ­ tement it was motivated by a desire to determine w hat it could do to les­ sen curtailments of service and take or pay problems. 

Take or pay contracts require 
Lo-Vaca to pay for all the gas it is committed to buy even if it cannot use it. The net result is to force up the price Lo-Vaca's customers pay. 

Commissioners also asked Lo-Vaca to account in detail for the $2.5 m il­ lion per month it is supposed to receive from Coastal States Gas 
Producing Co., its parent, under a commission order. 

The commission also reported that average calendar day oil production allowable as of Jan. 15 is 3,584,551 barrels, compared with 3,57o,25o barrels on Jan. I. 

Kermit * durnit 

Kermit Washington was just in the right place at the right time. It was that sim ­ ple. 

He h ad no m a g ic a l e x ­ p la n a tio n of h is c ru c ia l steal with just 48 seconds left in last n ig h t's g a m e b etw een th e L a k e rs and the Spurs. In fact, he was not even on his man. 
“ I rem em b e r som ebody 

 helped out on (.Tames) Si­ las." W ashington said, "so 
I was free. Silas was try mg to get a pass into (Billy) 
F a u l t / , but he w as not looking for it. So. I just stepped up and took it " 
Tile steal. W ashington's only th e ft of th e n ig h t, c a m e w ith th e L a k e r s leading by inst one point. 
However, his heroics were not complete. 
W ith ll se c o n d s left. 
G e o rg e G e rv in fo rce d a 

 s h o t, m is s e d , and W a ­ shington took the carom. 
“ I was inst fortunate lo be there on that rebound," he stated. "F ather h a re e m 
(Abdul-.Tabbar) or I could have gotten it " W ashing­ ton wound up w itll 14 r e ­ b ou nd s. inst two beh in d 
Jabb er. 
Tin' H S. 23o-pounder be­ gan the gam e In guarding 
Larry Kenon, but IO first- 

See KERM IT. P age 5( 

IB 
KEVIN 
O’K E E FFE 

SPURS’ JAMES SILAS grabs rebound as Larry Kenon, right, Kermit Washington , left, and Lucius Allen watch 
P H O T O BY S T E V E C A M P B E L L 

TH I S A U KOAV 
EXPRESS NEWS SPORTS 

Page 
I -C 
H 
January I 5 I 977 

LA surge too much for Spurs 

Ms. F orde sh atters track m ark 

COLLENE PARK. Md. (AP) — Loma Forth1 of Barbados sol a women's world indoor record in tile 44o-yard run Friday night with a 53.8 second clocking in the loth National Invitational Indoor 
Track Meet. 

Sports on 
Radio-TV 

Oilers j uggle staff 

HOUSTON (AP) - The 
Houston Oilers, among the worst offensive te a m s in the 
National 
Football 
League last season, named 
Detroit assistant Ken Shipp as offensive c o o rd in a to r 
F rid a y , r e p la c in g King 
Hill, who will become re­ ceivers coach. 

The O ilers, who dropped to a 
5*9 re c o r d last s e a s o n , a lso n a m e d J o e B a g e l . w ho a lso coached last season at Detroit, as offensive line couch. 
O ile r C oach o . A 
“ B u m ” 
Phillips last week fired offensive line couch Ken McCullough, re­ ceiver couch F rau Polsfool. and defensive line cout h George Rice 
.md special le a rn s coach W alt 
St hhnkmaii. 
An O iler official said no d e ­ cision has been reached coaching r e p l a c e m e n t s for th e s p e c ia l team s and defensive line. 
Shipp served a> the L ions',of­ fensive coordinator last season. 
The Lions com piled 4.3*3 yards in total offense en route to a H-K season The Oilers finished I Uh 

 i ii AFC total offense with 3.5711 yards. 

Tile 24 year-old Olympian, a junior at b in g island University, deleuted 
Robin ( .implied of tile Florida Track 
C lub, who was timed in 55.1. 
The old record of 54.2 was sci by 
Charlotte Cooke iii I MHH. aud Miss 
Forde held the meet record of 55.1 iii the University of M ary lan d 's Cole 
Field House. 
F.amonn Coghluu of Ireland won the mile run for the second consecu­ tive year. Tin* form er \ illanova star took Hie lead on tin' next belast lap and was limed iii 4 o2.8 while beating 
Phil Kane, a current V illanova ru n­ ner. bv more than 111 yards. 
Still another Wildcat, Murk Belger, won tin* KHO in I 49.4, moving to the front at tile start of the gun lap as coleader Byron Byee of the Florida 
Track Club stum bled and went off the 
Is turds. 
The spilt occurred when the right foot of Byee, on his high hack kick. was struck by Belger s hand. 
Tile meet, which drew a crowd of ti.o27 despite day -long precipitation of snow. sleet and freezing rain, also was m arred by spill in the 5oo 
E d w in 
M o se s, th e 
O ly m p ic loo m eter hurdles champion m aking his debut on an indoor banked track, wcut down on the first turn i i i a collision with Stun Vinson. 
Although it uppeurd that Moses had drifted out. V inson was disqualified after finishing first because of the incident and H erm an F razier of Ari­ zona State was declared the w inner in 
55 3. 
Mike Tully won the pole vault with fewer m isses at 17-ti and J a m e s Bar- rineau from the University of G eor­ gia took the high ju m p defeatin g fellow Olympian Dwight Stones with a leap of 7-3. 
In the final event, Joni Huntley of 
Oregon Slate, failed to break her own world indoor high ju m p record of 
8-25-». She failed three tim es at 8-2:< \ 
In tile earlier events. Larry Shipp edged ageless Willie Davenport iii the 
8o-yard high hurdles and Olympian 
Steve Riddick won the Htl-yurd dash 

TELEVISION 
Saturday 
Noon (Ch. I) - NCAA Basketball. 
West Texas State vs. Tulsa. 
2 p.m. (Ch. It — Southwest Con­ ference Basketball: Texas Tech vs. 
Texas. 
2:3o p.m. (Ch. 12) — Professional 
B ow lers Tour: $75,ooo l ord Open from Mel’s Bowl in Alameda. Calli. 
3:3o p.m . (Ch. 5) — CBS Sports 
Spectacular: Olympic Gold Medalists 
Howard Davis and 1a*ou Spinks make pro boxing debuts: highlights of the 
Vli-Norton figh t; Howard S m ith - llenrv Clark fight. 
I p in. 
(Ch. lf - Official 
All- 
American Football Highlights. 
I p.m. (Ch. I2f — Wide World of 
Sports: International Track and Field 
Championships: Hawaiian M asters 
Surfing Championships. 
Ii p.m. (Ch. II) — Wrestling. 
7:3o p.m . (Ch. Of — The Way It 
Was: ISIK World Series. 
9 p.m. (Ch. ll ) — Boxing. 

Sunday 
1o:3o a .m . 
(Ch. 
I) 
— 
Ara 
Parseghian s Sports World. 
11:15 a.in. (Ch. ll) — Soccer. 
Noon (Ch. I) — Grandstand. 
Noon (Ch. 12) — Colgate Triple 
Crown (Golf tournament. 
12:3o p.m. (Ch. I) - NC AA Basket­ ball: Marquette vs. Notre Dame. 
12:3o p.m. (Ch 5) — Sunday with the Spurs. 
12:15 p in (Ch. 5) - NBA Basket­ ball: New Orleans Jazz vs. Philadel­ phia 78ers; New York K nicks vs. 
(■olden State Warriors. 
1 p.m. (Ch. 12) — The Superstars; 
Second Men s Qualifying Round in baseball, bowling, auto racing, m o­ tocross. soccer and track. 
2 p.in (Ch. II) — Knockout: Box­ ing Highlights. 
2:3o p.m. (Ch. I) — (Grandstand. 
2:3o p.m. (Ch. 12) — I S. Boxing 
( hampionships: 
Six quarterfinals matches aboard U.S. Aircraft Carrier 
Lexington. 

3 p.m . (Ch. I) — Joe (Garagiola 
Tucson Open Golf Tournament: Final 
Hound. 
3:3o p.m. (Ch. 12) — Wide World of 
Sports: The Harlem (Globetrotters celebrate their 5oth Anniversary; In­ ternational Ski Jum ping ( hampion­ ships. 

RADIO 
Saturday 
2 p.iii 
(WOAI. 12oo) — Texas vs. 
Texas Tech Basketball. 
7:2o p m. (KWEI) FM. 1o5.3) - 
Texas Lutheran vs. S o u th w estern 
Basketball. 

Sunday 
12:3o p.m. (WOAI, 12oo) - NBA 
Basketball: San Antonio Spurs vs. 
Indiana Pacers. 

By J E F F GROSSMAN 
O f THI FX PR IS S N fW S STAFF 
Center H areem Abdul-Jab- b a r kept the S p u r s ’ offense front their appointed rounds as 
Los Angeles won its fourth stra ig h t road gam e, 1o9-HIK, before a standing room only crowd of 11.24b at tin* Conven­ tion C en ter A rena 
F rid a y 

A lig h t. 
Ja b b u r scored IS points, grubbed 18 rebounds, blocked seven shots, and was the main reason San Antonio, the 
N B A 's h ig h e st s c o rin g te a m , shot 
37.7 |w r cent. 
W hen J a b b u r is in tin* n e ig h ­ borhood, o p po s­ ing p la y e r s know it. an d they tr y to a d ­ just. 
It w a s th e 
S p u r s ’ fo u r th s t r a i g h t lo s s) th e th i r d ti m e 
San Antonio has 
Grossman 

 com piled a four-gam e losing streak 
L" 
It was also the first tim e they have 
Ins! two iii a row at home this season. 

And the defeat dropjied the S p u rs’ into fourth place iii tin* C entral Di­ vision with a 2o-21 record W ashing­ ton, which defeated Chicago Friday night, moved into sole possession of 

 l^ >jm r turnstile a m u ! 

Last night's a tte n d a n c e ...............ti.218 
2o home g am es (1978-77)......... 178,232 
2o home gam es (1975-78).......... 158.351 

 third, a gam e ahead of the Spurs 
Although the S p u rs’ shooting was off. it was encouraging i i i the sense that San Antonio played with en th u ­ s i a s m . s o m e th i n g th a t h ad been lacking the last three gam es 
“ We p la y e d g o o d .” s a id S p u rs 
Coach Doug Moo. "b ul every call and every bounce at the end went against us Nothing went right 
"If we play that way ail lite time. 

• I p r r v 
H o k I 
| » r o 
­ 

 l l e r s l i t e 

 s i l o * . P o g o 2 T 

Lietzke seizes 
1-stroke m argin 

JENSEN COAXIAL 
STEREO SPEAKERS 

LIST 73.95 pr. 

DISCOUNT PRICE 
SUNDAY ONLY 
PAIR 

TUCSON, A r u . 
( AP) 
- la r d h ittin g B ruce Lietzke cached all the par 5s in two dg bluvvs, came out of the pack vith a six -u n d e r-p a r bb and 
□ok a one-stroke lead Friday 

 i i Hie second round of the 
>2oo.ooo Joe (iaruyiola-Tucson 

Open Golf T ournam ent while Johnny 
Miller and Je rry Pale had to struggle lo m ake th** cut 

✓ si OHMI, Pogo ti 

Lietzke, a th ird -y ea r pro and all­ ot lier of Hie huge c o rp s of fo rm e r 
Houston players now on the tour, put 

 to g e th e r a tw o -ro u n d to tal of 138. eight under par for two trips over the green-dyed fairw ays that m a k e up 
7,3o5-yard 
T ucson 
N ational 
Golf 
Club course. 

Dr. (id Morgan. Lietzke’« playing partner and a nonpracticing optom e­ tris t. sh a re d Hie lead u n til he bo­ geyed the final hole just before d a rk ­ ness settled over lh** d esert layout, 

Both Discount Stereo stores ore closed 
Saturday, 
Open 
Sunday for the 
Biggest Stereo Sale of the Year. SAVE 
ON 
ONE-OF-A-ICINDS, 
DIMOS, 
CLOSEOUTS, Etc. Doors open at IO a.m. Sharp. — DON’T MISS ITI 
OUR FIRST ANNUAL 
FACTORY UN-AUTHORIZED sunday sal 

SUNDAY, JAN. 16, IO a.rn.-6 p.m., Both 
STORES. SEE TOMORROW’S PAPER FOR 
MORE GREAT BARGAINS 

L A Y A W A Y 

6624 SAN PEDRO 
I NI It t o r i I l k HUI) 

8 2 4 - 7 2 9 6 

M A R B A C H P L A Z A 

{M ilitary Dr W a t M ar b a t* I d ) 

6 7 4 - 7 5 2 3 
TERMS 

H San Antonio EXPRESS-N EW S— Saturday January 15 1977 
Snakes on the spot 

The St. Mary's Rattlers begin their fight for survi­ val in the Big State Confer­ ence race Saturday night when they battle the 
IIuston-Tillotsnn Rams at 
TCK) p.m. in Alumni Gym. 
The R attlers dropped their league opener to Tex­ as Lutheran. 75-88, in dou­ ble oxertime Monday night in Seguin. 
The Ralliers base won 111 straight league lilies, but that siring in in early jeopardy. 

Iluston-Tillotson (2-5) will be making its league debut and its first appear­ ance on the floor in more than a month. The Rams last played Dee. IU. 
SI. M a ry ’s (1o-5) has 
Hexer lost to the Rams in 12 prex ions meetings. 

In the latest Big State 
Conference statistics, the 
Rams are the league leader in offense xx Idle St. Mary's is tops in defense. 

Individually, H-T’s Roy 
Blasingame is the confer­ ence's leading scorer and 
Ram MacArthur Richard, a 
St. Philip is grad, is the top rebounder in the league. 

St 
M ary's probable starting lineup xxiii lune 
Roy 
Leggett and 
Leon 
Walls at the guards. Mark 
Ba xx/un and Bobbx Reid on llii' wings and Mike Cun­ ningham at tin* post 

Tigers i A «£/ gain finals 

SRtCIAl IO THC EXPRESS NEWS 

SEGUIN — Trinity and 
Texas A&I notched opening round victories Friday to advance to the finals of the 
Texas Lutheran Women s basketball tournament. 
The teams xxiii meet at I p.m. Saturday in Memorial 
Gym for the championship. 
Trinity, paced by Balli 
McBee’* 25 points, stopped 
Ban American. HU-42, and 
A&I held off the host TLF 
Bulldogs. 
5o-45. iii tilt* nightcap. 

TLL and Bun American will play at IO a.in. for third place. 

F IR S T R O U N D 
T R IN IT Y (6o) 
Po th M c B e e ?S, 
. 
L a u ra Sm ith IO. Jill H u renb eici IO, 
Sham an 7, B ach m a n J Burtoi a iv r J, 
Fucik J I Rodriguez, Luna. B<own, 
LDLobdetl. Stem 

P A N A M E R IC A N (42) 
S h e ry l 
Ja m e s IS, L ia n e s 6. V illa r e a l 6, 
B e n a v id e s 6, 
V e r a 
J, 
B u ilt 
J, 
* 
I revtno 7, De L a Cruz 2. E s co b a r, 
’ 
O u e ita W etog raves 
H alftim e 
Trinity JO. P a n Am er 
* lean 17 

T E X A S A A I (SO) S a n d ia Jim e n e z ' 
* 
IO 
Solo v 
K nap p ii, R a c k le y e 
* 
Lew is 8, W illiam s 6 

T E X A S 
L U T H E R A N 
M S ) 
* 
V a l e r i e 
W a l l e r 
J I , 
I l e m o n 8. 
' 
S c h m id t J, W e b b e r J. A b l* I 

*■ 
E a iH im e a a i iv , U C l l 

BLALOCK BLASTS from sand trap in Friday’s action 

AP WIREPHOTO 
West takes aim at 3-point shot 

By JEFF GROSSMAN 
O f THE I XPRESS NEWS 
Like the lifetime Democrat who won’t cross party lines, .lorry West finds old habits hard to break. 

West. now the coach til the Lakers, xx as conceded to he the purest of pure shooters during his 14-year play ing career in Los 
Angeles. 
And many of tin* NBA s all-time third leading scorer’s 25,1 M2 career points came from way doxxntown. He had no peer from outside. 
Reasonable 
So. it xx nu Id be reasonable to assume, that Je rry West xx nu Id appreciate the three-point shot as much as Stcxe Allen* enjoys a good joke. But that is not the case. 
“ Sure, I xxould ve liked it when xxc were down by two in tile last seconds,” says 
West. “ but the tragedy is that it encourages indiseriminant shots. 
“ I don’t like it 
I suppose the fans would find it exciting, but it would change the strategy 
“ I guess I Ae seen it one xx ay for sn long. 
I'd hate to see a change. Besides, to be fair, it you helped the little man that way, then you should penalize the big guys and make a dunk worth one point. 
"Yes. I guess I am a basketball purist." 
And. In* adds. the only substantive dif­ ference between the leagues xx a s the three-pointer. 
“ I said the last four or five years xxi* xx ere both drafting the same people, and the ABA was signing players. 
“ The main difference was the three-point 

 shot. It made you play looser. In this league, they'll usually give you that shot. 
Coloss your name lumpens to be West. 
West, the player, enjoyed a fast paced sty le. Ntixx his Laker teams run a more 
“ controlled” attack. 
“ I wish we had the players for a wide open style." says West. "Sure, we used a more wide open style when I played, but we had a lot of one-on-one players, and those kind of players don’t need a lot of help. 
“ But I don't want us to get into a belter skelter game now We don't make the con­ version xx«■ 11 from offense to defense in that kind of situation." 
West. coaching for the first time, has made the transition well. Aud one of the reasons is his two-man couching stuff. 
Jack McCluskey. former head coach of 
Cortland, and Stun Al beck a six-year ve- terati of the ABA. gixe West added bench strength. 
Teaching 
“ I feel there’s a lot of teaching to bt* d o n e ." says West. “ And one of them knows the NBA and tin* other knows tin* ABA 

"I'm feeling my way along like a rookie 
Defensiv ely, I knew xx hat I wanted to do. 
Offensively, though, I didn't know. 

' Basically, it s more organizational than anything cist*. But xx hen I hired them. I didn’t hire them to be yes men. LII make tin* final decision, but it's nice to have more than one opinion.” t in* Lakers bud xxon Ll of their last 1H games going into Friday night’s game so, even as a rookie coach. Je rry West's de­ cisions have looked as good as one of his long jumpers. 

Blalock forges to front 

PA LM 
SPR IN G S. 
Calif. (A P) — Defend­ ing champion Jane 
Blalock of Highland 
Beach, Fla., shot an even-par 72 Friday to take the first-round lead in the 3B-hole 
$5(1,ooo Triple Crown 
Golf Tournament, the opening event of the 
1977 LPGA tour. 
The event is being played at Mission Hills Golf Course in Rancho Mirage, a suburb of Palm Springs. 

✓ S C O R E S , P a fee IC 

' 
Miss Blalock, who won the event last year with a birdie putt on the first hole of a sudden death playoff with JoAnne Garner, b ir­ died tin* 17th hole Friday with a 2o-foot putt. She jumped into the lead after trailing or being even with 
Garner throughout the round. 
Second 
It was Mrs. Garner, of 
Lake W orth, F lu ., who again had to be satisified with second. She finished the first round tied with 
Ja n Stephenson of Balm 
Sidings, both at two-over- 
|)ar 74s. Miss Stephenson is the professional at Canyon 
Country Club here. 
Mrs. ( artier and Uhako lliguchi of Tokyo, who were paired ut the teeoff in the 
1o-woman field, led at the turn with par 38s. They were still leading at the 
14th hole with even par rounds, while Blalock — still at the lith hole was one over |>ar. 
But the disaster struck the early leaders on the 
14th when Mrs. Garner hit into the water and wound nj) bogeying the hole. 
Meanwhile. Miss Higuchi double-bogey cd the same hole. 
Trinity rn p r e v a i l s 

SRECIAl TO THE EXPRESS 

LO NGVIEW - The Trin­ ity Tigers gained a split of their two-game road trip xx itll a MH-K2 romp |>ust the 
LeTourncuu Yellow Ja c k ­ ets. 
T rin ity dominated the home team gaining a 15-1.1 lead xxilb 13:54 left in the first half aud never trailing again. llit* Tig ers built the margin to Ik by halftime aud to 24 at 78-52 with 13:3(1 left. Bob Hoebeke bad 23 points. Danny Ivey 21. 
Danny 
M urphy 
IM and 
Bobby Calmer 17 to show tile way. 
Guard Bonnie White tal­ lied 35 points and forward 
Kane FJie chalked up 28 for the 'Jackets (3-1o) before both fouled out iii the last two minutes. 
Now 2-9, Trinity returns home for a Wednesday night dale against Sui Ross. 

Outdoors with 
Dan Klepper 

T R IN IT Y 
EQ 
Eta 
Iv e y 
8 
Hbkc 
IO 
MKs 
J 
Jh n sn 
o 
Sbiloe 
4 
P im r 
6 
M r oily S 
Aigre i 
M c L v 
o 
R e tk o 
I 

S 7 
J 4 ll 
OO 
OO 
SA 
9 9 
o I 
o o 
o I 

L e T O U R N E A U 

(« Et o Ip 
IP 
21 JW h te 
2J Lrsn 
7 Soldo 
o R atma 
8 BW h te I i 
17 P rm ly 
o 
19 Bstn 
o 
7 Cue 
IO 
o Behn) 
I 
2 Noel 
I 

Totals J< 23 IS 99 D yke 

S 7 
OO 
OO 
OO 
9 9 
OO 
OO 
9 9 
o I 
1 J 

The Hawaiian pig stickers 

The wild pig, introduced by early Polynesian explorers and settlers, is one of the primary big game animals in the Hawaiian Islands. But when the pig hunting season rolls around, hunters sharpen knives instead of sighting in rifles. 

The |)igs are hunted un the forested volcanic slopes with the aid of dogs, and most firearms are practically useless in the dense vegetation at close range. 
Some hunters use short-barreled brush guns. A few — those who bunt more open areas — use bows and arrows. 
Most use a knife. 

Once the dogs have the pig al bay and are worrying the animal, the hunter moves in and stabs the pig to death. 

"Once you’ve tried it, it’s not as terrible or dangerous as ii sounds,” says L. Steve Rohrmayr, president of the Pig 
Hunters Association of Oahu. 
Maybe not, but it is dangerous, nonetheless. The feral pigs, like those in South Texas, might weigh 2o9 pounds or more. Tile boars have long, curved tusks which can rip open the belly of a dog or the leg of a hunter. 
Hogs have tremendous crushing strength in their jaws. 
A boar easily could mangle a man’s arm, perhaps even a leg. I have seen a 135-pound feral boar which was roped from horseback and captured alive snap a green mesquite limb two inches in diameter. 
Similar lo Texas hunting 

The hunter, according to Rohrmayr. must approach the pig from the rear or side. But be has no guarantee the hog won’t shake off the dogs and turn on him. 
Texans u s e * dogs to bay both wild boars and javelinas, but I ve never heard of dispatching either animal xx itIi a knife. 
About the closest thing we’ve got to what seems like foolhardy business is the “ art” of pinning a javelina to the ground with a foot ami putting a bullet behind the ear. 

The javelina hunter who wants to try this moves in on the pig as it is being harassed by the dogs, puts a foot just back of the animal's head, shoves it to the ground and administers the coupe de grace. 

It looks easy, and maybe it is. I ve never tried it. I came close once, but I chickened out. One afternoon while hunting javelinas with dogs, I was the first hunter to reach a bayed pig. 
That was an accomplishment in itself, because I usually arrive — huffing, fluffing and snorting — after the action is over. 
I was all alone xx itll tin* dogs and the j)ig, and I decided to try pinning the hog with my foot. I got my foot u|>. but I couldn't get it down. No matter how determined I thought 
I was. it just wouldn’t go down on the back of that snapping javelina s back. 
A method iii madness 

The owner of the dogs arrived about that time and without hesitating an instant slammed his boot on top of the hog. pushed the animal to the ground and shot it behind the ear. And it all looked so easy. 
There is a method in what appears to be sheer madness. 
If the javelina is brought to bay in a shallow cave, the dogs can be pulled off, and the hunter can get a clear shot at the hog. 
If, however, the javelina bays in the open, too often the target is moving and surrounded by dogs. There is a possibility a nervous and unsteady hunter will shoot a dog rather than the hog. 

Although I ve never heard a dog owner insist that a hunter try the old foot-on-the-neck trick, most n i l l insist that the hunter move in as close as possible, then wait until the javelina is clear before shooting. 

Even the waiting is dangerous for the dogs, because the longer the fight progresses, the more opportunity the |>ig has to cut a dog. Seldom have I seen dogs and javelina tangle without one or more dogs being cut. 
Although the feral or European boar has long tusks, weight, size and tremendous crushing power, the little javelina (a big one will weigh 4o pounds) is no slouch in a fight 
The javelina is equipped with a pair of sharp shears, straight tusks, top and bottom, which can slice through hide and flesh like a hot knife through butter. And it seems that most of the time the brush pig xxiii go for the throat of a dog. 
Top netter^ decided 

TIC, 
Pirates collide 

The Texas Lutheran Col­ lege Bulldogs put their Big 
State Conference lead on the line Saturday night in a key road game against 
Southwestern in George­ town. 
The Bulldogs (9-7. 1-o) jumped into the early lead in the loop race Monday night by beating ten-tmie tit list St. Mary's in double overtime, 75-88. 
The game w ill highlight a card of six area college games set for Saturday in addition to the final round of the Texas Lutheran wo­ men’s tournament in Se­ guin. 

The championship game at Seguin will start ut I p.m. 
In a pair of Lone Slur 
Conference tilts Southwest 
Texas and Texas A&l xx ill 
In* on the road. SW T (3-11, 
1-1) will he al Tarleton (5-8. 
o-4) in Stephenville and 
A&I (7-4, l-l) visits Abilene 
Christian (1o-4, 1-1). 

The St. Philip’s College 
Tigers continue their road swing against San Jacinto in Pasadena which Laredo moved on to Baytown to clash against Lee College. 

The 
Ban 
Am erican 
Broncs (8-3) will play on the road for the second straight game against 
Southern M ississippi in 
Hattiesburg. 

Southwestern (8-4) will he making its loop debut against the Bulldogs. The two teams tied for second in the league race last year with 9-3 marks. 
All games will start at 
7:3o p.m. 

SAC edges 
Blinn, 72-7o 

B lin n ’s 
Bob 
Klander missed two free throws, one purposely, xx Uh one second left as San Antonio College hung on for a 72-7o victory 
Friday afternoon ut SAC 
Gym. 

Klander missed a five- footer with two seconds left, got his own rebound, and was fouled by S/\C’s Billy 
Bailey. 
Klander then missed the first free throw. 
He slammed the ball off the rim on the second, hoping for a rebound, but did not get it. 

SAC, 4-o in conference play, held a 1o-point ad­ vantage. 88-58. with 3:43 left, hut squandered the margin. A series of steals by Blinn helped the Buts tie the game, 88-88, with 
1:27 left. 

Totals 28 24-32 82 

4o 
39 
- 
99 
42 
4o 
— 
82 

T rim ly 26. Le T o u rn ea u 

T rin ity . Iv e y , Stoke* 
B 
W hite, 
EHC. 

Trinity 
LeTournnau 

Total lout* 

28 

Fouled out 

LeTournuuu 
B eo ch an v 
Boxing show set tonight 

The Eastside Boys’ Club, 
35o3 Martin Luther King 
Drive, will host an AAU 
Boxing Show ut 7:3o p.m. 
Saturday. 
The show will consist of both Ju n io r and Senior bouts for boxers from the ages of 1o-25. 
Adm ission is 
$2 for adults, $1 for persons 14-17 years of age aud free admission for persons Ll and under. 
For more inform ation call the Eastside Boys’ Club at 224-98o7 or 227-£t>42. 
Keg tourneys 

The combined Southeast- 
/Southwest Classic howling association tournament at 
Sports Palace, and the 
189-und-under meet at All 
Star on the howling agenda this weekend. The SEB- 
(TV/StBA event gets under way at ll am . Saturday, and the finals are set for 
1o:3o a.in. Saturday. The 
189-and-undcr event starts its qualify mg round ut I p in. Saturday and w ill 
■•tart final-round action al 2 p.IU. Sunday. 

F ort Sain ace 

Col, Elwood Camp used a lh rec-wood Friday to sink a holo-in-one on the 178-yurd, sex clit Ii hole of the Fort 
Sam Houston Golf Course. 
It was his second ace ever. 

N E W Y O R K ( A B ) - 
Lurry Loeb of Denver and 
Dana Gilbert of Piedmont. 
Calif., were the men’s aud women's winners Friday of a tournament to determine the top tennis players who will represent the United 
States at the Maccabiah 
Gaines Ju ly 1o-22 at Tel 

Av iv. 
Loeb heat Joel Ross of 
Hartsdale. N Y. 8-4. 7-5 in the men s singles final and 
Miss Gilbert defeated Lin­ da Siegelmun of Roslyn. 
N Y. 5-7. 8-4, 8-1 in the 
Women s final. All four fin­ alists. however, will go lo 
Israel for the Games. 

SAC (72) — 
M ike W o ilm e n 7o, 
B ill B a ile y l l . C lick 8. G riffin 3. 
Etter 8 EAcLelion 6. S a w ye r S. P e ret 2, Liendo 2. 

B L IN N (7o) — 
Anthony B ro w n 
77. Bob K lan d er 16, O liver Le w is IO, 
Fo rsyth e 
9, 
M endel 
4, 
K elso 
2. 
Hightow er 2, Ingram , D orsey. 

H alftim e: 
SA C 4o. B im a JS. 
Wharton axes SAC 

SRECIAl IO THE EXPRESS NEWS 

WHARTON - The Whar­ ton Pioneers blistered the 
San Antonio College Ran- gerettes, 48-4, in the first half Friday night as they rolled to a Texas Junior 
College Athletic Conference victory, 79-23. 

SAC fell to o-1 iii league play and 3-7 for the year. 

W H A R T O N JC W O M E N (7 9 ) 

M ary Jo Spanihe! 32, M o im e M o u th 
2', C h eryl Jo hnson 13, Z u erch e 6. 
Womgnowski 4, B ro w 4. k o iu re k 2. 

SA N A N T O N IO C O L L E G E (23) 

M ic h e le L o tim o r e IO, A e lv o e t 7. 
E v a n s 2. F le e ) 2. H a rre ll 2 
H alftim e 
W hat ton 46, SA C 4 

YOU CAN 
FOR ‘2.49 
Bring fbi* coupon to either Delta Catfish Co. and get all the 
Catfish, chicken or country fried steak, plus hushpuppies, cole slaw, beans, and french fries you can eat for only $2.49. 
That’s 5o cents off the regular price of $2,99 for each adult in your party. 

I fun, Fish, Fowl and Steak Your Family Can Afford 
I f At 
UST DAY, 1-17-77 t"g\„ y S i 
OFF 
Mon.-Thurs. 4:3o pm,-9:oo p.m. j| S i 
Off 
* 
FrL-Sun. 11:oo a.m.-1o:oo p.m. 
I i nm M e a a mm lim ■ hm m 

Dan Cook 

Game officials need som e help 

Those Greek lawmakers work a bit swifter than our politicians. It only took the powers- that-be in Athens three months to m ake it illegal to bite off the ear—or ears—of any soccer referee in Greece. Would that be taking the teeth out or putting teeth into the law? 

Fans in Athens take their soccer a bit more seriously than do folks in. say. San Antonio. Three months ago an eraged fan rushed from the stands after a close game and managed to get Ids hooks on tile referee. Shortly th e re a f te r he got his teeth into tin1 re fs right ea r. ( hewed the thing off. 
It w asn't a total toss, however, because the guy did have sharp teeth and. considering time element and cooperation he got, lie made a rather clean cut. Also, lie wasn't r a ­ bid. 

When the attack ended the referee found his ear on the ground, rushed it to the hospital and had it sew n back on w ithout missing any serious con­ versation. This actually happened. 

More recently, in Saloniea. a group of coconuts d is­ guised as fans. flooded the field after a game and fought wit Ii players and police. They were debating a call by the referee hut they must have been anxiously awaiting just such a decision because they came armed with gasoline cans, carefully smuggled past doormen. 

Before (he fight reached its climax half a dozen or more flaming gas cans were hurled onto (he field. One of the offerings just m issed an official and he dashed to his d ressing room. Ile d id n ’t leave until hours after the gam e—and fight—had ended and only then did he surface after using make-shift equipment to create a disguise that might have fooled Sherlock Holmes. No. it wasn't a Grou­ cho Marx mustache with glasses and eyebrows. 

All that took place just two weeks ago. 
Now we move to Karachi. Pakistan and change sports. 
Now we're talking about cricket, that British gentleman's game that often is played between spots of tea on Lady 
Wellington's lawn. 

Last week they had a heated cricket match in Pakistan and immediately alter the contest there must ha\e been a mad dash tor the tea break. Whatever, nobody was around lo pull three college box** off (he referee. Maybe they just didn t want to get involved. It was a pure cinch the ref wouldn't hate been involved if gi\cn a vote. They killed him. No. that s not a figure of speech, lie's stretched out dead. 

Or. as we journalists say iii this country for protection, it is presumed that the three college kids killed the ref. 
They've been charged but they're still awaiting trial. 
Those in Pakistan as well as in this country might do well to learn something from the Greeks. In their new push to keep spectators in the stands and off the fields they added a footnote, declaring that persons arrested shall he 
“ tried immediately.” Violators won t be placed on ice iii the cooler while legal eagles prepare delays and loopholes. 

T ro u b le ahead 

Things aren't nearly as bad for officials in tins country. 
Net yet, anyway. But we durned well might be working in that direction. 

Manx years ago it was considered to be a cute trick lo heat a coin in the stands, putting matches to a quarter and then tossing it onto the floor of a basketball court. As one of the officials would race bv he'd lean over aud scoop the coin up. to toss it aside so that players wouldn't slip on it. 
Naturally, he'd burn his lingers, prodding the sadistic baboons in the stands with a round of laughter. 

That no longer works because any official who has been around long enough to wear one pair of basket bull shoes thin now knows enough to just kick the coins aside and not try to handle them 
No. ifs not the clever little tricks that deserve much worry It s the wild-eyed, vulgur-mouthcd fans, sometimes sparked and almost encouraged by coaches who protest too much and too long, who are going to cause serious trouble in this country The path will be opened by a total lack of post-game security on the playing fields. 
Now tlicit Darrell Royal no longer will he rushing to the locker room wit Ii his players alter each home game perhaps he ll sta> long enough to witness tin* chaos that occurs .ut Memorial Stadium two minutes after each final gun. Roving hands of kids rush around clipping and hanging into each other, often catching others into into unsuspecting collision. So far, there w* been unix minor injuries but someday the lug boys are going to decide to take oxer 

Sn [HT H o m I security 

It was a pleasant surprise to see how well the Super Bowl 
|H*ople handled that problem last Sunday. 

\houl lixe minutes belute the game ended ti.) fellows wearing xcllow jackets—all marked “Security” on the back—ringed the playing field. The IVX announcer begged fans to stay oil the field, threatening everything from warts to jail sentences. 

Vet. when it ended, no less than 4o or 5o tried to crash 
Hic circle Folks, those weren’t all big fellows wearing those yellow jackets but there weren’t any marshmellows 

 i i i the group. They tossed hack every assault and some nuts wound up with knots on their noggins 
T hat’s the way it should bt*, with the knots going on the most deserved noggins 
Fans must learn—and learn soon—that their tickets entitle them lo seats in the stands and not running room on the fields or courts. The last guy to lump onto a theater stage during a major production w as John Wilkes Booth aud they tracked him down and shot him dead 
(lavs obtain 
B rokaw , Smith 

RICHFIELD, Ohio (AF) 
— The Cleveland Cavaliers, leading the National Bas­ ketball Association's Cen­ tral Division, strengthened themselves Friday with the acquisition of 7-butt center 
Limon* Smith and guard 
Gary Brokaw from the .Mil­ waukee Bucks, 
I ii exchange for the two players, the Cuvs gave tin* 
Bucks forw ard Rowland 
G a rre tt and th e ir first- round picks iii the IH77 and 
IHT* NBA drafts 

Son Antonio EXPRESS-NEW S— Saturday January I 5 I 9 7 7 worn 

C leveland 
Coach and 
G en e ral 
M a n ag e r 
Bill 
F ilch , m a k in g the a n ­ nouncement from Denser where the Cavaliers were to meet the Nuggets Friday night, said. “ The addition of the two people we are receiving is good for tbx* current season aud I look al ll as a great ileal for the future. 

"B oth players are young aud will fit the needs we base." 

EXTRA ! EXTRA 
J m r ^tm m 
SHP 
MW 
WMB i H i > Jmm? Wmm. 
Ji w 
W 
IM I 
VHI 
Daring daylight robbery at both Dyer stores! 

THE notorious Dyer gang has just held the annual robbery of their suppliers and are passing ALL the savings on to you! 

(San A ntonio) . . . "T h e Dyer D ealers have pulled the same job on us for years now", stated one of their suppliers of n am e­ brand merchandise. "Before we knew it thee got all the hest buys and high tailed it back to San A ntonio. We can 't co m p lain too much because they share them all with the whole town.!" 
Led bv Jerry Dyer, a home-town boy. the devilish Dealers are holed-up at two conven­ ient locations. T he one at 4(11 Fredericks­ 

 burg Rd. is manned bv Scott Haugen and 
Brian Hangen (thought bv some to he broth­ ers), and a new member. Henry "High Rock­ ets” Chavez. 
At 6734 San Pedro, long a major hideout for the Dealers, he on the lookout tor Brice 
("Big B ush") H endricks. R ustv T hornell. 
David Dyer and Richard Rodriguez 
The entire Dyer gang is wanted bv every­ one for the biggest stereo bargains anywhere! 

FRIDA Y——Both Stores 
SATURDAY— San Pedro only 
SUNDAY 
Fredericksburg Rd. only 

Be on the Lookout for their 
Gang Leader 

6 - 

56 

S'- 

 f x 

6 - 

5*" 

 r* 

MS 
D Y ED 
* C L C t ' T U U \ l - . 

T h e fin d d f r r o d is c o u n te r ut Sun \ n ic iu . J erry O v er i* k n o w n fo r b r in g to u g h on h o gu n g m e m b e r s 
"lf th ey Hell lo o h i g h —-n u t t h o g o " , s a id liv e r w h en a> h rd a f «nt I h i r e p u ta tio n “ h en it fu m e * lo m a t in g d e a l* (h i* iw th e b e*! g a n g I ve e v e r h a d 
I bt*-a th re e d a y * H ill p ro v e I rn r ig h t 
See one o f these Dyer Dealers and pet your stereo steal o f the year! 

Whereas M y brother?" 
High Pockets 
H — y 
I horny 
Abdominal 
Snowman 
Super 
A ggie lluhlo 
Cheap 
“ Here I am!" 

C.B. Radio 
• Full 23-channel • Large meter 
• Big 4 watt output — Wood grained 

WHILE 
25 
LAST! *4977 

New model Sansui 6o6o 
Stereo Receiver 

# 14) watts per channel • Tape monitors 
77 
HOTTEST 
BUY 
IN TOWN *289 

\ x-ooo 

\AnO Cassette 
Car Stereo with FVI stereo and Auto Reverse 

TOO 
LOW s49 
7 7 
TEAC 
A -23oU S 
Reel-lo 
’ Reel 
I 3 motors 
> 3 heads 
• Separate bias and EQ 

NEW! 

Sound 
Guard 
Protect your records 
NEVER 
BEFORE 
AT .......... s,-j 77 

SS *389 
7 7 

& T D K 
Reel Tape 

12oo tool reel 

 for only 

18oo fool reel 

For only ^ /i 
* j t 

^ K E N W O O D 
KR-56oo 
Stereo Receiver 
• 44) watts per channel • I M Dolby 
Two phono inputs • Two tape monitors 

ROBBERY 
FOR ONLY*249” 

PIONEER 
T S -692 

2 o oz. 
Magnet 
Car Speakers 

 h o t 
S I > ^ 7 7 
BUY ... 
J . « E A . 
9o minute 
8-track 
Blank 
Tapes % 
77C 

K A . 

Belt-drive 
Turntable 

Model 
K l ) - 1 o 3 3 
$ KENWOOD 

Complete with base and hinged cover 

ROR US 
AT ........ *5977 

Garrard 
775-M 

Record Changer silk coM*r. eurlrnlge. 
89” 
ROBBERY S 
AT ........... 
PIONEER 

KP- 
2 5 o 
Cassette 
Car Stereo with IM Stereo 
• I a*l lur • I jt-rl 
• Rewi nd • 
I .qn lig ht ene r 

BEST 
$ Q 
7 7 7 
EVEK 
J I f 

TEAC 

A -43ooSY 
R eel-to 
Reel-to- 

 with Auto 
Reverse 

• I ouie *ol«noid control 

R S-62 

• Lurge 
VU meters 
• Dolby noise reduction system 

• 3 o to 
1 8,o o o response 

• Output controls 

Dokorder M R -5o 
Cassette Deck 
The b e s t value for under S 15o you'll ever find! 
SUPER 
STEREO 
STEA I............. 

 r find!13677 

Technics i)oh„ by Pana souk. 
Cassette Deck 

Bcuk Kieler*. ntii|»iil e o n lro U 

BOH $ 
US .. 19977 

N M - 
5 5 3 
X A -92 
Cassette 
Car Stereo 
Volume, tone and balance control*. East forward and eject. 

RIP US 
OFF AT ........ *1477 

“Your ONLY full service stereo discounter'” 
(dyer electronics warehouse 

«l»t:\ SATURDAYS 
(>734 San Pedro 
828-2221 
OPEN SUNDAYS 
431 I Fredericksburg Bd. 
725-8278 

 r w n u u m b i m u y 
I ll lif jL 
DAYS 
ONLY! 

1.4 VA WAV T AD 
FINANCING A \ XII AHLE 

H San Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— Saturday January 15 1977 

GOLF NOTES 

TUCSON, A ri; 
(A P i — Second round “-corps F rid a y in the $2oo,ooo 
Joe O o ra g io la Tucson Open G olf 
Tournam ent on the 7,3o5 yard. par 
72 
Tucson 
N ational 
Golf 
Ciuo course: 
B ru c e Lietzke 
On M o rg a n 
A nd y B ean 
C o o rie s Coodv 
T om W nlson 
Gene Littler 
B illy C asper 
E d Sopo 
A nd y N o rth 
M o rris H a lp lS k y 
F o rre s t F e /ie r 
Rik M a s s e n g a ie 
M ike M o rle y 
G a ry M c C o rd 
J im G ent 
F re d M a rti 
P h il F e rra n ti 
Tom P u rtz e r 
D a n n y E a w a rd s 
B ill M o tio n 
E d Sneed 
A la n Tapie 
K e ith F e rg u s 
D ave S tockton jn t f H ew es 
Bop L im n 
T o m m y A a ro n 
P ete r O o s trrh u is 
J C 
Snead 
H o m e ro B lanc os 
M a rk H ayes 
A rt W all 

Wooer M a itb ic 
Rid G a rre tt 
C Givin Pee Ie 
B ill K r n t/e r t 
W icharrt F rio d m a n 
Don B ios 
B u tc h B a ird 
M ik e P ro s e r 
G ibOv G ilb e rt 
T any Jack Im 
P C 
B enson jo e In m a n 
P hil B odger s 
T o m m y M c G in n is 
J im K n o ll 
John G e n tile 
D a ve H ill 
Babe Hickey 
G e o rg e Ar ch er 
G ov B re w e r 
L o r ry N elson 
Jo h n n y M ille r 
G o ry K och 
M ik e S u lliv a n 
J i fb W ie ch e i s 
C ra m S tu d ie r 
L a r ry Z ie g le r 
B obby Wadi* m s 
J im C o lb e rt 
D o n Sis es 
B a n d y E rsk m e 
W a lly Ar in s tr orig 

7o A ft- UA 
A7 7 o - U 7 
74 6 4 - 1 18 
7o 68 -1.18 
A 7 71 - UR 
71 6 7 -1 1 8 
72 6 7 -1 3 9 
72 67— 139 
67 72 — U 9 
72 6 7 -1 3 9 
67 73— 14o 
69 71 - 1 4o 
72 68-14o 
67 73— 14o 
69 7 1 -1 4 o 
72 6 9 - 141 
72 6 9 -1 4 1 
71 7 o-14 1 
75 66— 141 
71 7 o-14 1 
71 7 o-14 1 
A? 7 4 -1 4 ! 
71 7 o-14 1 
71 71-142 
7o 7 2 -1 4 2 
72 7 o - 142 
69 7 3 - 142 
7 4 AS - 142 
72 7o - 1 4? 
72 7o 
14? 
7o 7 ? - 14? 
7o 72 - 14? 
74 69 - 14.1 
73 7o - 143 
71 7 2 -1 4 3 
73 7o— 143 
74 69-14.3 
71 7 2 -1 1 3 
71 7?— 13 I 
7? 7 1 -1 4 I 

Ed Froncese 
76 76— 157 
Pat Fltzsim ons 
74 78-15? 
Ken E llsw orth 
75 77-152 
Bob Zender 
77 76-153 
Dave Newquist 
79 74— 153 
V ictor Regalado 
75 78-153 
Ed Dougherty 
7.3 8o-153 
C urtis Sifford 
76 77-153 
Bob M o rris 
8o 75-155 
Rod Funseth 
75 8o— ISS 
L o rry Webb 
8o*85 — 155 
B ill Johnston 
74 82-156 
Joe Kunes 
78 78-156 
Paul Allen 
8o 76 
156 
Jim T hompson 
79 77-156 
M ire Craven 
76 81 -1 5 7 
B ill Brask l l 8o -157 
Gene Counter 
8o 78-158 
Jim F e rrie r 
8o 8o-16o 
Steve Taylor 
8o 8o-16o 
Terry Dear 
81 8o-161 
Jay Haas 
83 79— 16? 

P A L M SPRING S. Caid 
(A P ) - 
Scores ot the IO com petitors in the 
$5o,ooo T rip le C ro w in G od T ou r nam ent at 
Mission 
H ills 
Golf 
Course 
Jane Blalock 
37 35-72 
Jon Stephenson 
39 35-74 
JoAnne Corner 
36-38- 74 
Choko H iouchi 
36 3 9 - 75 
Judy Rankin 
39 37— 76 
Kathy W hitw orth 
38 38 - 76 
Donna Young 
41 35- 76 
Am y Alcoft 
4o 37-77 
Sandra Palm er 
39 39 - 78 
Pot B radley 
4o .38 — 78 

71 7?- 
74 69 
71 72 
69 74 
71 l l 
73 7o 
73 7o 
74 7o 
7o 77 
71 73 
7o 7 1 
75 69 ll l l - 

-111 
111 
143 
1 4 3 
-143 
M3 
- U t 
14 4 
144 

I 44 
114 t i l 
■ 144 
74 7o 
I 44 
IS 69—144 l l 72-144 
/I 73 
111 
68 76-144 
74 7o - ’ 44 
7o 74 
111 
74 7 o - 1 4 4 

A LAM O C ITY GA 
The Alam o City Golf Association w ill have its w eekly sweepstakes at l l a m 
Sunday at the R iv e rs id e 
God Course 

H A LL OF FA M E 
M IL W A U K E E 
( A P I 
- 
B o b 
Strcimpe. D etroit veteran who bos won four A m e ric a n B o w lin g Con press tournam ents, has been elect ed to th e AB C H a ll o f F a m e 
S tra m p e . IS, is to be in d u c te d 
M arch 24 durin g cerem onies c l the 
1977 ABC tournam ent in Helio, Nev 

Miss'A'ippi Volley 7o, Delta St 66 
Mc Master 1o2, Detroit Tech 88 
M e rc y Cot, M ic h 86, D yke Cot 
Ohio 82 
N G eorgia 68, Go. Southw estern 6o • 
N C arolina AAT 44, D elaw are St 41 
Winston Salem 73, St. Paul s 7o 
N. Carolina C entral 81. M d-E ostern 
Shore 79 
T arkio 6o. Wm. Jew ell 53 
B rid g e w a te r, Va. 79, E m o ry & 
H enry 73 
Si 
Law rence 76, Rochester Tech 
62 
Tenn Chattanooga 87, W G eorgia 
66 
Biscayne 91, M anhoM anvllle 77 
Fie Southern 99. Fla M em o rial 68 
E ckerd 82, Aquinas 8o, OT 
Oubuaue 97, Upper Iowa 78 
Augustana 7o, N orthern lowo 68 
M orningside 75, N Dakota St. 72 
Lycom ing 1o8, D rew 85 
Nazarene 84, B a rrin g to n 69 
Coast G uard 99, G ordon 45 
N ebraska Omaha 92, Q uincy 79 
M ankato St 74, S Dakota St. 72 
Bethel, md 78. D ordt 75 
Kansas Weslevan 7V, M id A m erica 
Nazarene 72 
Mo, Southern 95, W ayne St. 87 
Knox Col 82, Savannah St 71 
K ansos M o ry m o u n t 75, B e n e d ic ­ tine 65 
Kearney SI 89. W ashburn 81 
George W illiam s 55, Illin o is Tech 
53 
M onm outh, III 73, C ornell, Iowa 59 
M inikin 99, C a rro ll 82 
Chicago St 84, Spring A rbor 76 
Illinois Col 73, U of South 6o 
S Dakota Tech 59, D akota St 47 
P resbyterian 72, N Car Asheville 
7o 
Coker 95, B ristol Col 69 
C laflin 82, E dw ard W aters 13 
Mesa 74, Southern C olorado 67 
Colorado Mines 68, Regis 65 

 fin , 32-61 

 won 

Trade bait 
Bill Madlock, the NL hatting champion, is up for grabs, accord­ ing to Chicago Cub owner Phil W rigley 
Friday, Wrigley and 
Madlock are at odds over salary . 

TRANSACTIONS 
ALTO RACING 

7 1 7o- 
11 ll ii G rip t 
L OU reborn 
S andy G a lb ra ith 
A rtic M c N ic k le 
Ben C re n s h o w 
Bob C 
S m ith 
L en I Ide r 
I tizzy Z o e lie r 
L v n L o tt 
J e rry P ule 
L o b b y Wodk Ins 

 k e ith G u e rn s e y 
G eo rg e K H udson 
Tony C e rd a 
C esar S anudo 
Don Iv e rs o n 
M ik e D a v is 
D e nn is T i/io n i 
Br uce C ra m p io n 
* T orb Jenk ins 
T e m m y H o rto n 
T e rry W ilc o * 
G eo rg e Johnson 
Don ja n u a ry 
Jonn Sc hr b oder 
A lie n M ille r 
M a rty I let k m a rt 
D ale D o ug la ss 
B rl P e lh a m 
Loo H in k le 

College Basketball 

F rid a y s Results 
TEXAS TEAMS 
T rin ity 9V, LeT oam eau 87 
O klahom a Baptist 72, M idw estern 
65 
W ayland B a p tis t 9o, T exas Wes la y an RI 
Lubbock C hristian 9o, Dalius Bop fist 59 
Lee 74. SI P h ilip s l l 
Son Antonio College l l , Bunn 7o 
S chreiner l l W harton 76 
W h a rto n 79, Son A ntonio C o lle g e 
23, w om e n 
T rin ity 
6o. 
P an 
A m e ric a n 
42, 
I i i 
I 11 en 

Ii l l 
- I J S 
Ii ll 
- 143 

 ll Ii 
US 
Ii ll 
IJS lb 69 - I IS 
74 76 - I S O 
Ii lo - I S O lb Ii-- I S O 
75 75 - ISO 
77 73-- I so 
75 86 - 1 5 1 
81 7o - I S I ll Ii 
ISI 
75 76 - I S I 
75 76 - ISI ll Ii - I S I 
79 t i 
IS? 
Ii 7ft - 152 

Texas AXi SO I m m lu th e ra n 45, w o m e n 
OTHF RS 
Son F ra n c is c o 1o7 P e p p e rd in e l l 
C o lo ra d o St 4V B rig h a m Y o u n a l l 
G e o rg e W a s h in g to n 91. P enn St 88, 
O I 
G e o rg ia Tech 71 st L o u is 59 
U ta h 84. W y o m in g 76 
Ida h o 68, G on za ga 65 
Ida h o SI 73, B o is !' St 6o 
C a rro ll M ont. 81, M o n ta n a Tech 6 ! 
N o rth D a k o ta 78, S outh D o k o to 68 
St 
F ra n c is , P a 
89. D u qu e sne 85, 
OT 
G ra n d C a nyo n 71, San O tego U 6o 
N 
C or 
M e th o d is t 68. C h ris to p h e r 
N e w p o rt 6o 
W ash A Lee 99, E 
M e n n o n ite 78 
L y n c h b u rg 74. C lin c h V ly 69 
St A n d re w s 65, V irg in ia West 63 
Ok la C a m e ro n 74 B e th a n y N a * bl 
W V irg in ia T e rh 69 W L ib e rty 48 
I rsk im 71. C ai of C h a rle s to n 7o 
Si A n se lm s 87. S C o n n e c tic u t 78 
M e d aa r I v e rs 64, C ity C o lle ge 63, 

PRO B A S K E T B A LL 
C L E V E L A N D C A V A LIE R S 
Ac q u ire d center E lm o re S m ith and guard G ary B rokaw from the M il 
Waukee Bucks for fo rw a rd Rowland 
G a rre tt and two fu tu re d ra ft picks. 
M AJOR LE A G U E B A S E B A LL 
C L E V E LA N D IN D IA N S 
Signed pitcher M ike E lliot 
M IL W A U K E E 
B R E W E R S 
Signed th rid baseman Dale LaB ur and pitcher L o rry Edw ards. 
SA N 
F R A N C ISCO G IA N T S 
Signed John M ontefusco, pitche r, to a five year contract 
PRO HO CKEY 
W A S H IN G T O N 
C A P IT A L S 
(N H L )’ 
Assigned rig h t w ing Doug 
Patev to the D ayton Gems of the internatio nal Hockey League 
PRO FO O T B A LL 
G R EE N BAY PACKERS (N F L ) 
E ite n d e d Cooch B a rt S ta rr s con tra ct two m ore years 
TORONTO ARGONAUTS (C E L ) 
Signed assistant cooch 
Jim 
Roundtree 
CO LLEGE B A S K E T B A LL 
CONNECTICUT 
Named W alter 
Nad/ok head coach 

R IV E R S ID E , 
C a lli 
(A P ) 
- 
Q ualifiers F rid a y at R iverside in te r n a tio n a l R a c e w a y to r S u n d a y s 
SISO,OOO Western 5oo NASCAR G rand 
National stock car ra re , with type of cor ond qu a lifyin g average in m iles per h o u r: 
I. 
Cole 
Y arborough, 
It? 686 
I D avid Pearson, M ere, 
3 D a rre ll W aitrtp, Chev 
4 Jim insolo, Chev, 
5. Dave M orels, Chev, 
6 Buddy B aker, Ford, 
I. Sonny Easley, Ford, 

HO 

Chev, 

112.491 
I 12 419 
IU . 64?. 
11o 952 
11o.938 
HO 913 
8 
Bobby 
A llison. 
AMC 
M at, 

HOCKEY 

9 R ichard Petty, Dodge. 
11o 556 
1o Rich Childress, Chev, 
11o 424 
11. G ary Johnson. Chev, 
1o9 2o4 
I? Eddie B radshaw Chev, 1o9 o48 
13. N orm P a lm er, Chev, 
1o9 oo5 
14 James Hylton, Chev. 
15 Jim T hirke ttie, Chev, t6 Roy Sm ith Chev, 
17. D K U lrich . Chev. 
IS Bobby W owak, Chev. 
19 C a rt Joiner, Ford, 
2o. B ill Schm itt, Chev, 
21 F rook W arren, Dodge, 1o7.925 
22 NCU Bonnet!, Dodge, 
1o7,859 
23 Hugh Pearson, Chev, 
1o7 761 
24 Cecil Gordon, Chev, 
1o7 848 
25. Ed Negre. Dodge, 
1o7 821 

1o8 874 
1o8 41o 
1o8 39o toe 35 
1o8 16 
1o8 211 
1o8 211 

N A TIO N A L HO CKEY LE A G U E 
C A M P B E LL CO NFERENC E 
P a trick D ivision 
SHOOTING 

4X8 POOL TABLE — SAVE *5o. 

I 

PIAYMASTER r* 

3oo SERIES 

REG. $695. 

 n ow *645. 
FREE INSTALLATION! 

• Vt inch SLATE 
• 2x6 inch construction 
• Solid wood rails 
• 82o lbs. 

TRAMPOLINES 

C om plete Selection 
*179. 

 j r 
IU- 

■ItUUDiS 
’ 
. 4 CM I 
• M il 

FOOSBALl 
*359. 

FROM 

A v e 
V 
P O O L A B IL L IA R D 
■ T e a supply 
8 o 1 5 WIBBLES 6 5 3 -1 5 6 6 

I Meek West el US et W eliem M 
O P E N D A IL Y 
Mos.-frj. 1o:3o-6:3oS«t 1o:5o-5:oo 

WAI ZUB 

♦ I 
WINDSOt FARK 

W 
L 
T 
PIS 
P hiladelphia 
25 
9 
9 
59 
N Y 
(slanders 
25 
IO 
6 
56 
A tlanta 
21 
16 
7 
49 
N Y 
Rangers 
16 
18 
12 
44 
Sm ythe Division 
Si 
Lotus 
18 
21 
5 
41 
o hiroq o 
15 l l 
6 
36 
Vancouver l l 
29 
4 
3o 
( niorado 
11 
24 
I 
29 
.Min ne so lo 
IO 
22 
9 
29 
WALES CO NFER E N C E 
Norris Division 
M ontreal 
32 
6 
6 
7o 
P ittsburgh 
1/ 
17 
8 
42 
Los 
Angeles 
14 
21 
IO 
38 
D etroit 
13 
25 
5 
31 
W ashington 
12 '25 
6 
3o 
Adams Division 
B uff mo l l l l 
4 
58 
Bos inn l l 
11 
3 bl 
Toronto 
21 l l 
6 
48 
Cleveland 
13 
I i 
I 
33 

C L O V E R L E A F GUN CLUB 
The C loverleaf Gun Club w ilt hold o pistol m atch S aturday ond Sun d ay b e g in n in g a t 8 a rn of th e 
Pershing F irin g Range at F ort Sam 
Houston 

RACING S IM M ARY 

Friday's Game 
A tlanta t St l ouis 2 
Saturday's Games 
M innesota of Boston 
W ashington ut New Y ork Islanders 
Los Angeles at M ontreal 
B uffalo at P ittsburgh 
Chicago at Toronto 
Cleveland of Vancouver 
D etroit at St Louis 

W ORLD HO CKEY ASSOCIATION 
Eastern Division 
W 
L 
Quebec 
25 
15 
C in c in n a ti 
21 
18 in d ia n a p o lis 
? l t8 
M in n e s o ta 
19 
18 
New 
E n g la n d 
17 
25 
B irm in g h a m 
15 
3o 
Western Division 
San 
Diego 
24 
16 
W in n ip e g 
IJ 
IS 
H ouston 
21 
16 
E d m o n to n 
19 
23 
P ho e nix ll 
23 
C a tgu t y 
16 
21 
Friday s Games 
Edmonton S. New E ngland J 
Houston 5, B irm in g h a m 3 
Minnesota 9, Indianapolis 5 
Phoenix 6, C incinnati 5, UT 
W innipeg 5, C algary 3 
Saturday s Games 
M innesota of Quebec 
Edmonton at Indianapolis 
C algary at San Diego 

Pts 
SI 
44 

AQUEDUCT 
$25 ooo High Strung 
P u rse — Due D ilig e n c e ($6 oo). 
G reat Above, N oires 
K night 
One and 1/16 m iles in I 44 1/5. 
KEYSTONE 
F ea ture - Sec-et 
Treasure ($8 oo), Ragtim e Cowboy 
Joe, Happy Tank 
Six fu rlo n g s in 
I IO 2 5 
BOWIE 
Talbot Purse — Runette 
($4 4o), E n th u se d . S d kia d v 
F iv e and one holt furlongs in 1.o6 2 5. 
W ASHING TON 
F eature - F irm 
Shake ($9), Roy Ruler 
Ruler, Sir tadiu Five and one had furlongs in 
1 o9 3 5. 
CALDER 
$59 ooo Soul Snberm an 
Handicap — Proponent ($9 2o). One 
M oment, Strike Me Lucky 
A m ile and t '8 in 1:52 I S. 
S U F F O L K 
F e a tu re 
L a d y 
W ic k e rh a m ($19), Saga s Blue Jay. 
Disbursem ent 
Six furlongs in I 13 
2 5. 
SANTA A N IT A 
F eature - Coo per 6/ e l ($ 2 2 ). M o te o r 
S ta in e d 
Glass A m ile in I 43 

YMCA 

C E N TR A L YMCA 
F rtd o v V A League 
S outhside 
H u s tle rs 46, I d H A 
16 
J u c k ’ s 
Produce 65, Coasters 56. A ll S tars 
IOO, United Auto 63 

H a r i n g 

GRANTVILLE, l’u (AIM 
— Racing will resume Sa­ turday night at the Penn 
National Race Course ult ll 
IU events. r n * 

U N IVER SAL C H Y 

O N LY 
Tic 
CB Relocation Sale1 
WE'RE M O VIN G 
Mf m'd r e t f c o r b o l l It th ma M o v e I t . P r l c o t w i l l n o v o r b o lo w e r - e v e r y f f c l o f l i mw B f 
9 o - m v m ry fhlm g m a t t twit. a t r i p tkw w o lla h e r e . . . 

 ce 

( H O T S 

 e m 

G RANADA 

B I B 

& 
M 
S * . t S 

S A L I 

$ 
3 
9 
9 
3 

<5* * 1 4 t.* 9 
* 3 9 ” 

o* *189.98 
* 3 9 * * 

SNARR 

Ct NI 
W A S 
.*189.98 
*39* 

X-TAL 
X SSS 
W A S 
MOHLE SINGLE , , * o 
SIDE BANO 
889.98 
15995 

YES 
W I NA VC 
4o CHA M M U S 

, « S i 

 turn 

W A S 
•1S9.9S *5995 

H i CLOSE OUR DOORS 

SAT. AT 5:oo 

Everything must be sold 

P r o f o b b I o o o I Y r e o k M o u n t 

W A S rn. « u 
'3 8 .9 5 
ROW f I ! ! 

A D D IT IO N A L S A H M E R C H A N D IS E SA VfMOS NR TO 3o% OSP 

ROBYN 
HY G AIN 
AUDIOVOX 
RADAR 
DETECTORS 
H U STLER A NTENN AS 
SEIDL M OUNTS 

COBRA 
M ID LAN D 
CAR STER EOS 
AUTO BURGLAR SYSTEMS 
M IC R O P H O N ES 
BASE STATIONS 

 t i 

ON PREM ISE INSTALLATIONS 
STORE HOURS 
WHILE-U-WAIT 
9 . 9 or ? i ta I n a r m o o n tm mm • u r n v in s a i c i t y • u i - m u 
I V W 
Y T H f M O M U B T OOI 
M A U M H U MOT a t H I M 
A T W 

SEGU IN (82) — 
Lawrence Sam , pieton 23. M ike Cuetlor 22, Jackson' 
8, 
King 
8, 
Cote 
8, 
Procknow 
7, 
Ranael 
6, 
Rum, 
Bloke. 
D ixon. 
W alker, Adams, Holmes 
C H U R C H IL L 
64) 
— 
Tom 
Heaem ter 23, Ramos 13, Stevenson 
8, C ham bers 8, H am il 6. W iseman 3, 
Gilboux I. Wooster I, Evans. 
H a lftim e 
Seguin 51. C h urch ill 34 

Highlights: year 
M atadors 
23-3 for 

The .John Jay and Sam 
Houston girls’ teams com­ pleted the San /Xntonio ar­ ea’s list of Class AAA A first-round district cham pions with victories Friday 
Jay, beaten only once in 
21 games, broke away from a h alftim e tie to heat 
Holmes, H3-55, and win the 
D is tric t 3o-A A.A A firs t round crown. Jay has in­ flicted half of Holmes' six defeats. 
Sam Houston, now 15-2 overall, ripped Jefferson. 
o9-54, and also swept through unbeaten in its first effort against all loop foes in District 31-AAAA. 
Those teams join top ranked Clemens and Jud­ son, who clinched round titles Thursday night. 
Randolph (2 7 - A A) and 
Lackland (29-A) won key victories in boys’ action that brought each close to first-round titles in their respective districts. 
Randolph won at Boerne, 
5o-49, while Lackland used a fourth-quarter surge and its bench to stop defending champ Blanco. 7o-oo. 
In the n ig h t’s wildest affair, MacArthur outlasted 
Roosevelt. 99-9X, in triple overtim e in a D is tric t 
32-AAAA boys’ game at 
Blossom. 

Hoyt* 

D is tric t 
2 9 : ll 

 llnrlond ale. J 1-52 

H A R L A N D A L E 
(S4) 
— 
E lias 
Villegas 17, Roland De La G arza 
14. Robert A nsae IO, D avid Pena 
IO, P a rra 3. M orin. 
LA R ED O N IXO N ($2) — 
Tony 
C olunga 
15, 
Jorge 
A re ch ig a 
12, 
Idrogo 9, H a rdy 8, 
Boley 6, Es cam illa 2, V illa rre a l, P a rro . 
H a lftim e: 
H a rlandale 26, Nixon 
22. 
H ig h lig h ts. in d ia n s ted 
44 J4 g o in g in to fo u r th p e rio d a n d stretched lead to 5o 38 e a rly rn fin a l fram e. N ixon cut the lead to 52 5o before V illegas hit tw o foul shots with nine seconds telt to ice it. llobcnts, 31-5o 
SOUTH 
SAN 
AN TO NIO 
( l l ) 
Billy Zam ora 24. M ike Flores l l . 
M ark D a vila 14, Robert Serno 8, 
Atonzo 
4 
Sanders 
4. 
B ro ck 
3, 
Saldana 2, Sentmore 
EAST C E N T R A L 
(SO) 
Randy 
Center 18, Jack C hrisney 
12, An derson 
6 
Rovce 
4 
P alacios 
3, 
Kiann 3, Fisher I. Valdez J. Lutz 
H a lftim e 
South 
Son 
42, 
E ast 
C entral I?. 
H ighlights 
South Son blew the gam e open, outscoring East Cen­ tra l, 29 4 in second period. 

D is tric t 3 o -A A A A 

Memorial^ 55-5o 

EA G LE PASS (SO) - Roo) Perez 
. Felloe T orres IO, Robert G arza IO. 
M aldonado 6, Rodriguez 4. C antor 
HIO 4 
Puente 3, G alindo 2, Nova, 
OHphant 
M E M O R IA L (SS) — L o rry G a rry 
17, 
R o b e rt 
A lc o r to 
16. 
M g rk 
Sounders 
IS. 
C oria 
3, 
Brow n 
I. 
(lo u d 2. 
M c K in n e y , G ustam ante 
Dc hon 
H a lttim e 
E o g ie 
P a ss 
32 
M em orial 32 
I 
Records 
Eagle Puss IO IO. I 2, 
M em orial l l 12, JO 

Jays 59-43 
JAY (SY) 
Radon Way ll, G erald 
January IS, L o rin g 2 Stobbietieid ?, 
GHI 2, M erce r 2. D eH art I, Norwood 
1, Trinidad. B racken ridge A vera 
HOLM ES (43): 
Bob k ra f; l l 
B ryant 9, M cGowan 6, 
Brow n 5, 
F elton 
4, 
S im m ons 
4, 
Perez i , 
Johnston I, Olson 
H a lftim e 
Jay, 3o, Holm es 21 
H ighlights 
Holm es started out try in g to control gam e and it was deadlocked at 4 4 ofter a a ua rter 
Then in w ild second period Joy broke it open outscoring Holm es, 
26 17 
G am e was tied 2o 2o before 
7/ustongs ran off IO s tra ig h t points 

Kennedy, ti t-6 7 

K E N N E D Y (14) - 
D a rry l Beth ley 
24 
Dole 
Roberson 
?o, 
Rick 
Leggett 
14, 
Young 8. 
T ristan 
4, 
B ryant 4, 
Escobeao 6, 
W atiey 4, 
Scroagins. W illis 
D E L RIO (67> — 
F ra n k te v e s 
28, Abernathy 9, P lyle r 8 
Wads 6. 
Jackson S, Saunas 3, Jordon 2, P itts 
2. G loria 4 
H a lftim e 
JF K 44, Dei Rio 28 

D is tric t 3 1 - A A A A 
II heat ley, 73-47 

W H E A T LE Y ( 7J) - 
A roid Neal 
16. H e rb e rt Jackson 14. E rnest fcd w ards IO, G allegos 9, M a y b e rry 8. 
W ilke rso n I, O w ens 3. M u rra y 2, 
Shuler 2, Notions I, Lee I, M cO avid 
LA N IE R (47) — 
J e rry G u e rra 
13, G ranada 8, F rie s 8, M edina 5, R 
Torres 4. Charles 4, 
Cisneros 3. 
Villanueva 2. R ivera. Rbdnguez. J 
Torres. 
H alftim e 
Wheatley 34, Lamer 22 

The w in b o o s te d 
W h e a tle y * 
31-AAAA m a rk lo J-) w hile Lontgr dropped to V I in loop play. 

II ou sh ais 51-45 

SAM HOUSTON (S I) — A b rah am 
Davis 19, Reed 9, Bean 8. Jones 6. 
Lynch 5, A llen 4 
, 
JE F F EE SON (4$) — 
Tony An derson 
16 
D a rry t 
H e m p h ill 
13, 
W endell 
H e rm 
IO, 
C a ld e ro n 
6. 
Mendez, Ivy, Bustos, F ord 
H a lftim e 
Houston 29, Jeff 19 
H ighlights 
Jeff outscored C her­ okees in th ird a u a rte r 
17 8. ond took 42 4o lead tate rn the per md before Houston unfrocked to boost d istrict record to 3o and rem ain tied w ith Burbank for lead 

D is tric t 3 2 - A A A A 

Mutes, 54-41 

ALAM O H E IG H TS ($4) - 
Peter 
Sherwood 14, B lair ja c k s o n 14 Tim 
Brosseou 12 Reagan 4, K u ykendall 
41 O C onneii 2. Robinson J, K rause 
I, M ares I, Johnson. Ruooel 
C LEM EN S (41) — Chuck D roper 
IO, Anderson 8. R ehm onn 4. D eitoro 
4, D riscoll 5, Crouch 4. B radley 4, 
Godfrey I, Bice, Wells 
H alftim e; 
Heights 19, Clemens 

H ighlights ja c k s o n scored 
IO points rn th ird Q uarter as M ules outscored Clemens, 18 8 

Mac, 99-96 (3 U T ) 

M acA r t h u r 
(99) 
— 
Keith 
Edmonson 44, Ron Rocher 14, Mike 
Hoiub 
14, 
G ilbert 
Jefferson 
12, 
Bruce 
M em aertsm a 
IO, 
Levy 
3. 
Kaufman 
RO O SEVELT (98) - 
K elly Rid die 33, Murk Tompkins 29. Mike Lee 
1$, David M iller IO. Dovis 5, Treot 
4, C. Lee 2. Bouse 
Halftim e: 
M acA rthur $1, Roo seven 45 
Regulation; 84 84 
First 
Overtim e 
9o 9o Second Overtim e 
92 92 
H ighlights 
Pother stole the boil with seconds left and passed to 
Edmonson tor layup w ith one second left. C layton D a vis two tree throw s gave Roosevelt the lead 

1 3 -A A A Beast Z o n e 
( aero. 53-52 (3 OT) 

CUERO (53) - Ricky Riddle 16, 
Ross 4, Henderson 7, Justin Lew is 
21, Orosco 5, P rather, M cIn tyre 
PLEASAN TON 
(52) 
- 
T e rry 
M onroe 
18, DeSooln 3, Brow n 
I, 
W eisinger 
2, 
H ernandez 
7, 
Joe 
B rym e r 13, E ichm an I. Ricks. 
H a lftim e 
Pleasanton 23. Cuero 
22. 
R egulation: 
47-47. F irst O ve r­ tim e. 5o 5o. Second O vertim e 
SO-5o. 

Highlights: 
Ross hit free throw with seven seconds left to win if 
Gonzales, 5o-46 
GONZALES (5o) — 
E lroy Steen 
24, 
Pete 
W ilkerson 
IO. 
Polk 
8. 
* Newton 6, Munson I. English 
N E W 
B R A U N F E L S 
C A N Y O N 
(46) — 
Steve Stone 17, w e ft 9. 
Bnrm onn 6, Corbeil 6. W illiam s 6, 
Schwab 2 
Halftim e 
Gonzales 32, Canyon 
21 
H ighlights: 
Apaches held IS point lead m idw ay through th ird period, then went 
5 35 w ith o u t s c o rin g while Canyon scored 13 in row to m ake score 38 36 w ith six m inutes let* Canyon 18 19 at line. W ilkerson scored six in fo u rth a u a rte r to spark 
Apaches, now 
15 8 for the year 

Southside. 67-57 
NEW 
BR A U N FE LS (57): 
Hoi 
(Ord 
24. 
Decker 
13, 
Coleman 
12, 
H offm an 
4, 
Tuch 
4, 
Biong, 
Ball, 
Ramsey 
SOUTHSIDE (67): 
Louis B aratas 
24, Joe U riegas 14, Kenneth M oore 
I t , 
R ay 
M a re s 
1o. 
P ie rso n 
4, 
W illiam s 4 C astillo 
H a lftim e 
S o u th sid e 
29, 
New 
B raunfels 26 
Highlights 
Southside is 15 8 and 
New B raunfels 11-14 Both are I I rn zone p la y 
Southside opened up name bv outscoring New Braunfels, 
22 9, in th ird period 

1 3 -A A A lf cst Z o n e 
Blmrf's 51-45 

F R E D E R IC K S B U R G — 
K ill moon 17, Ynelon IO, Alexander 8, 
Loth 7, Wood 5, Kott I 
SOUTH SAN WEST — 
R einhort 
12. Liftle io h n ll , Knowles 9. R ivet 6, 
Rock 4, C a rroll 2, Rich I, Sutton, 
James. 
M a lttim e 
F re d e ric k s b u rg 
21, 
SSW 2o 
Both teams are now 2 2 in 13 AAA 
West Zone action. 

Carrizo, 6o-57 OT 

SOUTHW EST 
(57) 
— 
Charles 
Johnson 
19, C h ristian 8, Muse 6, 
M artinez 6, Cobo 6, W oelnweivK 6, 
V e rsttt 4 
CARRIZO 
SR FR IN G S 
(4o) 
— 
Carlos C astillo 25, T e rry Solanski ll, M ornez 8, Paine 8, 
U ribe 4, 
Cowser 2, Talom antes 2 
R ecords: 
Southwest 
12 8, 
2 3, 
C a rrizo S-13, 14 

T i i v, 49- 43 
K E R R V IL L E TI VY (49) 
G ory 
G riot 12, M alcolm M arch 12, John 
G w vn 
12, H u bble 
9, 
P a rk e r 
4, 
Pierce 
U V A LD E (43) 
B ria n M cLaugh 
Im 
15, 
N u e tze 
8 . 
M c E iro v 
8, 
Z a m o rrip a 6, Nance 4. U nderwood 
1. Ateiandro 
H a lttim e 
2o-2o. 
H ighlights 
Tivv clinched firs t half title tie 
Tivv con win title outrig h t w ith win over C rystal City. 
Tiyy is now 17 6 
Uvalde is 4 1 in firs t half ploy. 

D is tric t 2 7 -A A 

K o -ltu u kss 56-49 
RAND O LPH ($6): 
Lee Lorenzo*) 
13. Theron Chandler 
13. Don Bm ford 12. Carter H arper 8. DeteLco I. 

BO ER NE (49) 
Wade Bass 12, 
Guy Cole 
IO, Adam 7, Fellow s 
4, 
W iley 
4, 
S chw arz 4 d o u s e 
2 
Champion 2, Dixon 2. Robinson 2 
H a lftim e 
Randolph 22. Boerne I6» 

H ighlights 
Randolph rem ained unbeaten atop the league race w ith a 4 o m a rk Boerne slips to 3 2. 

Cole , 4 3 -12 
COLE 1 >8): 
Doug K iel 19, M a rk 
Hagen 7, Joel D endron 12. S Hagen 
2, Tucker 8, Faw eel) 2 
D R IP P IN G 
S P R IN G S 
(4 2 ) 
K e rry Prescott 24, B yers 8, W il­ liam son 3. Reid '3. G odwin 3, Falcon 
I 
H a lftim e 
Cole 26, OS l l 
H ighlights 
Cole outscored D rip ping Springs, 18 IO. rn final period otter gam e was tied atter three 
Quarters. Cole ups league m arK to 
4 I. OS is 2 2 in league play. 

D is tric t 2 9 ’ A 

Ixicklan d , 76-66 

LA CK LAN D 
(76) 
— 
R icardo 
Allen 21, Jim R iley 17, C a rl G riffin 
14, Pete Sands 12, O m er 6, M elville 
2, G ouard 2, G iffo rd I 
BLANCO (64) — 
Keith Schorn horst 34. H arold Calhoun 
12, Jay 
Gtoor 1o, Gage 6, FelDs 2, B a rke r 2. 
Haas 
H ighlights: 
Eagles get back in race as bench won gam e, 
Ken 
O m er, Jim G ouard and Tom Git ford com ing in ond doing outstand mg defensive lob man to m an 
Ea oles got lead tor good at start of last aua rter 
They are now 5 1 in d is tric t firs t round race, same as 
Blanco. For season, Lackland 17 5 ond Blanco 22-3. Lackland can win firs t round w ith win over La Vernia next Tuesday 

D is tric t 3 o -A 

B rackettville , 5 9 -5 2 

BRA C E T T V IL L E (59) — 
Small wood 27, San M igue f 12. V eltm an ll , 
G oodlow 
7, 
O R o u rke 
2, 
Koch, 
Payne, Sweet, C ervonte z. 
JOURDANTON (52) — 
Gonzales 
19, Shumate 16, Dornoc 6. Forrest 
2, 
6/y e rs 
I, 
Wiede 
5, 
Segura 
2, 
Bowen, M cC askiil, Schorsch. 
Holttime: 
Jourdanton 3o, Brack ettviMe 29. 
Highlights: 
B ra c k e ttv ille 3 4 in district, 
Jourdanton 
3 4 and 
7 16 overall. 

S o n -D is tric t 

St. A nthony, 75-6ti 

ST. ANTHONY (75) — 
Donald 
Robert 18, Cedric Hudson 18, M ike 
Ellis ll , Reyes 3, M ancha 6, D. Ellis 
5, H artm an 4, onza es 3, G ro t I 
* 
TM I (68) — 
K a rl Dagel 18, Jeff 
Brown 18, M ike W ard 13, Foley 8. 
Godfather 5, G affney 5, Thorton I, 
Stewart. 
Halftime: 
St, Anthony 75, TM I 19 
Records: 
SI. Anthony 14 4, TMI 
5 14. 

Others 

Hays Consolidated clubbed Ban dera. 
78 39. 
In the lo o p s other game 
Randolph s till leodmg of 4 o, followed by Cole and Hays, both 3 I 

D is tr ic t 2 8 -A A 

Devine, 71 -57 

SOM ERSET (57) — 
K irb y K iltie 
21, 
J o s h 
C o le m a n 
1J, 
A lfr e d 
DeHovos 2 12, Kiem ke 5, Shipman 
4, D o lo ro s o 2. 
D E V IN E (71) — 
Butch Cook 24. 
M ike C ervo IS, Doug Blakem ore 13, 
R icky Stew art l l , Jacobs 4. O utlaw 
2. Hoass 7 
H a lftim e 
Devine 36, Somerset 
19. 
R e c o rd s 
D e v in e 
8 9, 
J I, 
Somerset 15 8, 3 2 

Tear sal I, 71-33 

PEARSALL (71) — 
Leslie Stud dard 3o, L o rry Law ler 18. T aylor 7, 
D- G ro t 4, 
E 
G rot 4, Ga r i a 2. 
Robledo 
2, 
Flow er 
2, 
W rigN t 
2, 
Wilson 
C O TU LLA ( l l ) — 
M ike W hitw ell 
17. M o rris 4, Thompaon urzo 3, 
Tetiex 2, Vela I, O ho 2, Longoria 2 

H a lftim e 
P earsall 34, C aim ito 
14 
H ig h lig h ts . 
M a v e ric k s b roke gam e open m second a u a rte r on tour a tra ig h t steals tor buckets 
M ays now 14-4, 4-o in tooo C otulla 
12 and 117 

Trojans, 9 3 -3 3 

M E A LY -M U R P H Y (98) 
George 
Irvin e 
28, isaac Com 
18, 
James 
Cook 
18, 
M ic h a e l 
C a th e y 17, 
W avm ond 
Ezell 131 
D cLooch 2, 
Jackson 2. 
HOUSTON 
M E M O R IA L 
H A LL 
(33): 
Glenn T aylor 16, Adam s 6, 
Honed 
4, 
L e fla r 4, 
C ra w fo rd 3, 
Kennedy. 
Bowm an, 
Watkins, 
Easton 
H a lftim e 
H e a ly M u rp h y 
54, 
M em orial Hall 21 
H ighlights: 
Irvin e had 24 points in halt ond played only q m inute in second half and odder) his final tour. All five H M sta rte rs scored in doublefigures. T roians upped sea son record to 16 3. 

Crystal City, 6 1 -6 o 
C R YS TAL 
C ITY 
(64): 
Jesse 
G arcia 18, Ray A vo id e r 
14, Luis 
M ala 
14, 
Rudy 
Pam ire? 
IO, 
Ro driguez 3, Alcala. Bocaneqra. 
LAREDO HO LD IN G (6o): 
Hugo 
C haparro 23. 
F e rro n 
Reeves 
13.. 
Sergio G alvian IO, G reg orio G arcia 
12, H orselv 2. 
H alftim e: Laredo 38. C rysta l 27. 
Highlights: 
Valdez Dossed oft tor l l assists in addition to his 14 points for C rystal C ity, which upped its season record lo 18 8 
Girls 

D is tric t 2 9 - A A A A 

Laredo N ixon, 5 o -2 7 

LAREDO N IXO N (SO) — 
Elsa 
Castro 26, Sandra G arcia 17, M olina 
4, Fancile I. G utierrez 
I, V irian, 
Soliz. Poet, Aleman. 
HARLANDALE (27) — 
Pauline 
Gonzales ll , M artinez 8. Hernandez 
4, G utierrez 2, G am cia 7, A rciniego. 
B osw ell, F o rn o s , C a ld w e ll, O ur mon, Garza, Borrego. C uellar. 
Halftime. 
N ixon 24. H a rlandale 
JI. 
South San , 51- 41 

SOUTH 
SAN 
(S I) 
— 
N anry 
V illa rre a l 15, Sylvia V illa rre a l 15, 
Belinda Serna 13, Rendon 6, Brock 
2, 
Y b a rra , P uente. C a s tillo . Es cam illa, Lopez, M a rtin e z 
EAST C E N TR A L (44) — 
Carol 
Burger 
19, 
Deshelle 
W illia m s 
19, 
Lutz 5, Owens, B landford, Shone, 
B ritz, Vosbm der, L a c kla n d , Lam ford 
H aiHim e. 
South San 
JI. 
East 
C entral 17 
Records 
South Son 
2-4 
3 16. 
East C entral I S, o 14. 

D is tric t 3 o -A A A A 

Kennedy, 1o-33 

D EL RIO (181 — 
Tom H unter 16, 
JoAnne G arza 15, G arcia 4, Bur lin g m o m e 
3, 
Solo. 
C a ste lla n o s. 
P a rk e r, 
K e m p, 
S e n try , 
S troud 
B a rre ra 
K E N N E D Y (4o) — 
Brenda Ed w o rd s 
16. 
S y lv ia 
D e H o vo s 
14, 
Salazar 
8. 
C ontreras 
2, 
Gamble, 
W illiam s. Young, Kempei, Sanchez 
Valdez 
H a lftim e: 
Del Rio 17, Kennedy 
TI 
R e cord s 
Dei 
R io 
6 to, 
3 4, 
Kennedy 4 13, 2 5 

Jay, 6 3 -5 5 

JA Y (63) — Angelo C arrington 
21, Eleanor B ilofta J I, V ern A guilar 
16. 
W illegos 5, 
P ointer 
Skinner 
Douglass Rice, Brock 
HOLM ES (55) — 
Regino A rrm g ton 29, Tracie Jensen lo, Cisenors 4, 
Thovn 2, Echols, Zapata, G arrett 
Scott 
H a lftim e 
Jay 33. H olm es 33 
Records: 
Joy 2o-1, 6 o, Holmes 
17 6, 4 I 

M em o rial, 5 6 -3 5 

M EMORIAL 
(56) 
— 
Jeonie 
Romero 29, Lyd ia Oeigado 12. V 
Mooney 
9, 
Ross 
6, 
T 
M ooney, 
Worton, Thompson, Salinas. Ander san, W eanling 
E A G L E 
PASS 
(35) 
— 
Tina 
Nowlm 24 
Romano Vasauez II 
D 
Vasauez 
Soto, C a rrillo , 
Bowman. 
Halekakis, Moncoda. Perez, Yutan uevq 
H a lftim e: 
M e m o ria l 28, 
Eagle 
Pass 25 

D is tric t 3 1 - A A A A 

U t nier, 6 o -5 7 

W H E A TLE Y ($7) - 
Tina Meeks 
39, Jim m ie M itie r IO. Gonzales 4, 
Shuler 4, Burton, E 
N e a l C, Neal, 
W alker. Coleman. Elizondo 
LA N IE R (6o) — G loria A lva ra d o 
29. B ird ie Sanchez 18, Ludia Castillo ll. Vela. Gonzales, B row n, Pantos. 
M a drigal 
H a lftim e 
Lom er 32, W heatley 24 

Houston, 6 9 -5 4 

SAM HOUSTON (69) - 
C heryl 
A sh le y 
28, 
S h irle y 
G r iffin 
24. 
Beverly 
W illiam s 
IO, 
M arsh all 
5, 
Woods 2, Jackson, M onett, J e rre ll. 
H a rd a w a y . 
J o n e s , 
M c C lu re , 
Sawyer, Tyler 
JEFFER SO N ($4) — 
Gwen WU son 21, C orlno G o rd a 18. Rhonda 
H u b b a rd 
>5. 
Solano, 
V e rtu c h e , 
Johnson, E hrtich. 
Halftim e 
Houston 29, Jeff 23. 
Highlights 
H ouston c lin c h e d firs t round title 

D is tric t 3 2 - A A A A 

Alam o Hts., 47-44 

ALAMO HEIG HTS (47) — 
Deb ble Norton 19, E stella Canales 14,. 
Teresa M ackie ll , W allace 3, H or mon, O rtiz, P e d le r, H a rre ll, Redly 

M A C A R T H U R 
(4 4 ) 
— 
L is a 
K a u fm a n 
17, 
Lana 
H o w o rd 
14, 
Chavez 
6, 
Brooks 4, 
H ovorka 
3, 
Killom gh, C h rlm an .F lnk, Trem bley, 
Johnson, 
H alftim e: 
Heights 29, Mac 17 
Highlights 
M artha W allace hit eight footer with 19 seconds lefl to ice Heights firs t d is tric t win. . 

D is tric t 2 8 A 4 

Devine, 39-41 

SO M ERSET 
(41) 
— 
Theresa 
W ille tt 
26, 
E rn s t 
9, 
S p e a r 
3, 
M itc h e ll 
Boubel, M oring, B a lla rd, 
P ra te r, H offm an, D resch, Boatw right, Rogers 
D E V IN E (89) — 
K ris ti Irw in 26, 
M arsha Smith 23, Abby Irw in 18, 
Connie Leal ll . Bean 8, Gobar 3, 
Caldwell, Compsev. Yosko. Roberts, 
Cordova, M urphy 
H o lttim e: 
Devine 48, Somerset 
2o. 
Records: 
Som erset 
3-14, 
2 3. 
Devine 6 o. 

P o te e t, 4 7 - 4 6 

HONDO (46) — 
L a u rie H o lln ig 
23, Debbie Llndberg l l , Helnev 8. 
M artin ez 4, Long, L ig o n , H e m a n dez, Pope, Relnartz 
PO TEE T (47) — 
Ruth Hoffm an 
17. Janna B rasw ell IO. W yrich 8, 
S im m o n s 6, 
L a u rie W a lk e r 
4, 
S c h u m a c h e r 2, L e s lie W a lk e r, 
Ramos, 
W ilkinson. 
Llndaulsl. 
M artinez. 
H a lftim e 
Poteet 31, Hondo 22. 

D is tric t 

Blanco, 6 4-53 

BLANCO 
(64) 
— 
Upshaw 
24, 
Casanova 19. Jones 17, Newman 4, 
Sm ith, 
Coffee, 
Mc M a in . 
M org an, 
Calhoun 
LA C K L A N D 
(53) 
— 
S ta ce y 
Apodaca 
23, 
E la in e 
G riffin 
14. 
Stephanie H a rklero ad 12. Moore 2, 
Wesson 2. T Apodaca, Beck, Jones, 
Rn harrison, Saleh, Stew ard 
H o lttim e: 
Blanco 31, Lockland 
26 
Highlights: 
Lackland now 2 5 in d istrict play, 5 12 o ve ra ll 

N o n -D is tric t 

St. (rerard 'n, 14>42 

ST. G ERARD 'S (46) 
— 
Cindy 
Maddox 29. Woods 6, C ervantes 6. 
Conster 2, Lvssy 2, W hite I, Vestal, 
Ja rzo m b e k. 
R ich a rd so n , 
H u e rta , 
C raw ford, Respondek, Travieso. 
BLESSED SACRAM ENT (42) — 
C indv Romos 17, Eileen Edm unds 
13. B everly Goortz 12, M 
Ramgs, 
G a rcia , M aldonado, S ille r, A rc ln iega, Sanchez 
H a lftim e 
St 
G e ra rd s 26, BSA 
2o. - 
Roosevelt, ti I -3o 
ROOSEVELT (81) 
V ickie Finch 
2o, Pat Low ry 19, D onna Baskette 
15, M ory Ann Spiker 14, Hollis 6, 
Odom 4, Goss 3. D ye r, Bm ll. Coch­ ran, Brace 
M CCOLLUM (JO) 
Tom m y Dow learn 14, Casts 4, G uevara 4, M ixon 
4 Allen 2, Loupe I, W ilkins, W inn, 
H all. S tark, Phenix, Quinonez, San­ chez, Vasauez. 
H a lftim e 
Roosevelt 38, M cColtuni 
2o. 

D is tric t 3 o -A 

Jourdanton, 57-25 

JOURDANTON ($7) — M a rg a re t 
V yyiecka 
78, 
Pam 
M cC oskill 
15, 
G ustam ante 8. Yams 4 
Reyes I. 
Webb, Dornac, W right, Culpepper. 
G a r ia 
BR A C K E TTVILLE 
(25) 
- 
B 
M eyer 
21, 
S m a llw o o d 
4, 
Pena. 
Cardenas, 
Ay Ha, 
Seniles, 
M eyer, 
Flores. G arcia M artinez 
H a lftim e : 
J o u rd a n to n 
24, 
* BreockettviUe ll. 
St. Philip’s tumbles 

SPFCiAi TO th* Drest ss news 

BAYTOWN - The Lee 
College Rebels withstood a desperation charge by the 

S t . Philip’s College Tigers 
Friday night as they held on for a 74-72 TJCAC bas­ ketball victory. 
St, P h ilip ’s closed the gap to two in the final min­ ute but lost a chance at a tie with a critical turnover. 
Lee is now 11-5 on the year and 2-o in league play. 
St. Philip's is 4-7 and o-1. 

LE E COLLEGE (74) 
M cNeal 16. 
H a rris 13. Johnson 1J, Laubach 9 
Tourney 8, W illiam s 6, Penney 4, 
Neat 3, BoBeii 7 
ST. P H IL IP S (72) 
M cVeo 13. 
Robinson 13. Edison 12, Ellison IJ, 
W alford I?, M cCoskill 8. Gordon , 
Young 4, Lopez 4 
Lee 39, St P hilip s 38 

Tribe signs top choice 

CLEVELAND (A P) - 
The Cleveland Indians have signed Mike E lliot, their number one draft choice in the winter player's draft earlier this week. 
Elliot. IS. is a left-handed pitcher from Bishop. Calif. 

Country Style 
DINNER 

IT S A MEAL! 

 i i i 

You get 2 juicy ribs, 

Cole slaw, baked beans and roll. 

SALE ENDS JAN. 16 
Kentucky fried $ hi* ken 

O ffa l <jtroil i i i S a n A n t o n io a m i U n ivw fb a f C ity 

LA nips Spurs 

C ontinued from Page IC 

 we’ll he okay. But we have to keen it up .’’ 
Los Angeles lumped off to an 
11-point lead midway through the first quarter, but the Spurs came hack to lead after one period. 26-24 
The game was close the rest of the way. 
.lames Silas hit a 15-foot turnar­ ound jumper with 1:4o left for a 
1o6-1o4 Spur lead, t oby Dietrich fouled out with 1:33 to go, and .Tabbar closed the margin to one by hitting one of two free throws. 
.labbar then grabbed a rebound, and hit Johnny Neumann with a long baseball pass. Neumann’s hook shot w as blocked by George Gen in, but 
“ Ice" was called for goaltending. 
“ I didn’t see the call because I touched the ball," said Spurs’ center 
Billy Fault/, “ but I thought it was a little shakey.” 

Trailing by one, the Spurs came down the floor, and Silas tried to hit 
Paultz with a pass under the basket. 
Fault/, had his back turned, and 
Kermit Washington picked the pass off. 
“ Billy thought I was going to take the shot," said Silas, “ and I probably should have." 
Neumann missed a reverse layup, and Larry Kenon picked off one of his 
15 rebounds. Gervin. who was nine of 
26 from the field, missed a layup with ll seconds left. 
Washington again made a crucial play, grabbing the rebound. Gervin fouled Lucius Allen with six seconds left, and he sank both free throw* to finish the Spurs. 
“ I got good help from our guards and forwards on Ja b b a r.” said 
Paultz, “ but that left their men open." 
Most open was Cazzie Russell, who sank 17 of 26 shots and was the 
X H A S la n tliiig s 

 game’s leading scorer with 34 points. 
And most of Russell’s shots were from outside. 
“ We played a good game, but we shot terribly, and I did in particu­ lar,” said Paultz. “ Whopper tric'd to burn Jabbar from medium range, but sank only five of 2o shots. 
Only Silas (nine of 17. 24 points) and Mark Olberding (three of five, six points) were over .5oo from the field for the Spurs. 
Moe and the Spurs were generally critical of the officiating. 
“ He (Jabbar) did the same thing five times, backing into the basket," said Dietrick, “ and four times I got called for the foul. They (officials) are favoring strength and size over finesse." 

“ The official told Goby to hold his ground in the first half," said Moe. 
“ That’s what he did. It’s such a dis­ advantage to come down to the wire against a team with a superstar, especially in the middle.” 

LOS A N G E L E S (1o9) 

EA ST ER N C O N FER EN C E 
Atlantic Division 

Philadelphia 
Boston 
New York Knicks 
Buffalo 
New York Nets 

W 
24 
19 
19 
16 
12 

L 
15 
2o 
2o 
25 
27 
Central Division 
Cleveland 
Houston 
Washington 
San Antonio 
New Orleans 
Atlanta 

23 
21 
2o 
2o 
19 
15 

17 
17 
19 
21 
22 
28 

Pct. 
.615 
.487 
.487 
.39o 
.3o8 

.575 
.553 
.513 
.488 
463 
.349 

G B 

5 
5 
9 
12 

51/2 
61 2 ll 

W EST ER N C O N FER EN C E 
Midwest Division 
Denver 
Detroit 
Indiana 
Kansas City 
Chicago 
Milwaukee 

28 
23 
21 
19 
15 
13 

12 
18 
21 
22 
23 
3o 

.7oo 
.561 
.5oo 
463 
.395 
.3o2 

-2 
3* > 
41-2 
912 

512 
8 
912 
12 
1612 

Pacific Division- 
Portland 
29 
13 .69o 
Los Angeles 
26 
14 .65o 
Seattle 
24 
19 .558 
Golden State 
21 
18 .538 
Phoenix 
16 
22 .421 
Friday’s Games 
Portland 1o7, Boston 92 
Atlanta 12o, New York Nets 1o1 
Buffalo 131, New Orleans 1o3 
Philadelphia 111, Kansas City 1o6 
Los Angeles 1o9, San Antonio IOO 
Washington 94, Chicago 89 
Golden State 113, Indiana 1o9 
Houston 111, Milwaukee 84 
Denver 116, Cleveland 96 
Seattle 127. New York Knicks 1o7 
Saturday’s Games 
Portland at Washington 
Kansas City at Atlanta 
Buffalo at Detroit 
Milwaukee at Chicago 
Los Angeles at Houston 
Cleveland at Phoenix 

Min. fg-faa ft MO reb 
Pf 
Pts 
Russell 
4o 
17 76 
oo 
4 
I 
34 
Ford 
21 
2-5 
o o 
5 
4 
4 
Abdul Jabbar 
4o 
7 13 
4 6 
16 
5 
18 
Chaney 
75 
14 
I 7 
I 
4 
3 
Washington 
74 
4 8 
5 7 
14 
4 
13 
Neumann 
23 
3 7 
o o 
2 
3 
6 
Kuuec 
8 
1-4 
I 2 
o 
I 
3 
Abernathy 
9 
2 3 
o o 
o 
o 
4 
Lam ar 
7 
o I 
OO 
o 
I 
o 
Tatum 
7 
o o 
o o 
o 
o 
o 
TOTALS 
24o 44 83 
J I 29 

SAN ANTONIO (1o6) 

45 
26 
1o9 

Min fg-fga ft Mo reb 
Pl 
Pts 
Bristow 
26 
2 9 
3 4 
5 
I 
7 
Kenon 
42 
8 18 
6 6 
15 
2 
22 
Poult/ 
37 
5 7o 
7 2 
8 
7 
12 
Gale 
18 
3 8 
o o 
3 
2 
6 
Gervin 
44 
9 26 
9 IO 
9 
2 
77 
Silas 
79 
9 17 
6 8 
3 
2 
74 
Olberding 
7o 
3 5 
o o 
7 
5 
6 
Dietrick 
19 
I I 
o o 
o 
6 
o 
Calvin 
S 
o 2 
o o 
o 
o 
o 
TO TALS 
24o 
4o-1o6 76 3o 
SO 
22 
1oft 

Los Angeles 
24 
28 
28 
29-•1o9 
San Antonio 
76 
25 
76 
29— 1o6 

A SSIST S: Russell 2, Abdul-Jabbar 7. Cheney 4. 
Allen J. Neumann 3, Lam ar I, Bristow 7. Kenon I, 
Poult/ I, Gale 3. Gervin 5. Silas 6. 
S T E A L S : Russell I. Abdul Jab b ar I. Chanev I. 
Allen I, Washington I, Neumann I. Kenon I, Gale 
7, Silas 2, Dietrick. 
T U R N O V E R S : Los Angeles 21. San Antonio 14 
B L O C K E D SH O TS: Abdul Ja b b a r 7, Allen I, 
Poult/ 2, Gale I, Dietrick I, Gervin I, Kenon I 
A T T EN D A N C E 
11,246 
O F F IC IA L S : Rush and Capers 

Heavy Duty E-3ooo 
DELCO $o1 9 5 
Battery 

Offer good thru Saturday, Jan. 29, 1977 
‘ Prices may vary among AC-Delco outlets. 

 v m o h r o e v 
I 
SHOCK 
BUY 3...Cet 
I 
4th FREE! 
For a smooth, safe ride — and 
SPECIAL SAVINGS — BUY NOW. 

MONROE GRIPPER 
Full one-inch piston bore. 
4th 
FREE 

Offer good thru Saturday, Jan. 29, 1977 

RAIN 
CHECK 

Your 

FU l-llN E ASSOCIATE 

Has in stock 

 availability of part 

 numbers for most cars 

 and trucks, or pick up 

 a "Rain Check" 

 during this special sale. 

M O N R O - M A T T C 

4th 
FREE 
TMONROW 

SUPER 5oo. 
EXTR* HEAVV-DUTV. 
3 at f2o.95 
OO. 
4th 
FREE 

YMQHROfc? 

SALE PRICES AT ANY OF 
THESE PARTICIPATING BULL PARTS FUL-LINE ASSOCIATES: 
SAN ANTONIO: 

AUTO PARTS CENTER 
23o2 S. Zarzamora 
223-9123 

BAUMANN AUTO 
SUPPLY 
'22o1 Cincinnati (#1) 
734-7241 
5311 Jack wo od (#2) 
684-5713 

HANCE AUTO PARTS 
So. Flores at Sussex 
923-4324 

LARRY’S AUTO 
PARTS 
4611 McCullough 
826-9681 

MOTOR MART 
512 So. W.W. White Rd. 
(lost) 
333-7191 
2422 E. Southcross 
333-81o3 

RITTMAN AUTO 
PARTS 
4723 Rittimon Rd. 
653-93oo 

SALINAS AUTO 
PARTS 
1o2o2 Roosevelt 
627-267o 

TEXAS AUTO 
PARTS 
21o8 Broadway 
224-5353 

179o Austin 
Hwy. 
826-32o3 

4o2 Austin St. 
225-2946 

8934 Broadway 
828-5768 

WAYNE BULL CAR PARTS 
4913 Blanco Rd. 
342-5268 

131 El Paso St. 
227-1328 

14o3 Fredericksburg Rd. 
735-5275 

1438 Pat Booker 

Rd. 
658-6355 

3o22 Pleasanton 
Rd. 

924-5591 

1315 So. Presa 
532-7336 

BOERNE: 
CASTROVILLE: 

COOPER AUTO SUPPLY THEIS AUTO PARTS 
136 So. Main 
Highway 9o 
249-2846 
538-2288 

FLORESVILLE: 
NEW BRAUNFELS: 

WILSON COUNTY AUTO WAYNE BULL CAR PARTS 
PARIS 
154 Hwy. 81 W est 

1319 1oth St. (Hwy. 181) 
625-7563 

393-2338 

PLEASANTON; 
SEGUIN: 
PRUETT AUTO PARTS WAYNE BULL CAR PARTS 
1o7 Goodwin 
4o4 W. Kingsbury 
569-2522 
379-4243 

UVALDE: 
VICTORIA: 

UVALDE AUTO PARTS SHIPLEY’S AUTO PARTS 
8o5 I. Rio Grande 

JABBAR SHOOTS over Spurs* Paultz 

PHOTO BY STEVE CAMPBEII 
Kermit put it to Spurs 

315 1. Main 
278-56o9 
575-6466 

( imtinucd from Page IC 

 quarter points bv Mr. K ended that 
“ He (Kenon) was just se quick," Washington said 
‘M erry (Lakers* Coach 
West) decided to switch me to (Allan) Bristow nr 
(M ark) Olberding. B ris ­ tow started to slow down ii bit in the second half.” 
Washington continued the chat, propping his legs up on a nearby chair, 
“ This is the fourth road game that has been excit­ ing like this. Every one of 
'them on this road trip has been down to the wire. 
“ We beat Cleveland in overtime We beat the Nets by three points. Even the 
Detroit game was close throughout (L A won by six). 
“ And you just cannot beat having that big guy.” 
Washington said, looking three lockers over to Jab­ bar, 
L .A .’s towering center "You just have to have that big man to be a winner. 
Washington was not the only Laker in the spotlight. 
Cazzie 
Russell, the club's old man. was an­ ything but decrepit against the Spurs. Shooting like the good old days at M i­ chigan. Russell scored 94 points, one under his sea­ son high. 
“ I think I was getting the open shots because they were sagging back on 
Hareem ,’’ Russell, who was 17 of 26 from the field, said. “ They were dropping back on him, but I was also moving on our offensive patterns. 
" I got a lot of 111 and 
12-footers. Those are good range shots. I really only took one bad shot tonight I tried to get the good percentage shot." 

Russell scored 12 points in the opening quarter and had 16 at the half. He ad­ ded eight more in the third 

S o n ic s , 1 2 7 ’ K I T 
SEATTLE (A P) - Fred 
Brown exploded for 16 points in the third quarter and a 3D-|M»int overall per­ formance Friday night as the Seattle Supersonics ran their winning streak to six games bv demolishing the 
New York Knicks 127*1o7 in 
National Basketball Asso­ ciation action. 
The Knicks controlled the early portion of tin* game, drawing out to a Ri-point lead at the end of the first quarter. 
The Sonics electrified a 
I sellout crowd with a 
4o-pomt third quarter scor­ ing burst and kept their hot shooting alive in the fourth quarter, drawing out to a 
26-point lead at one time. 
N e w V O R K (1o7) 
Mi Million 9 I 7 
19. McAdoo 3 4 6 IO, Stilto n S t i l l . 
F r o it f r I S 6 2t, M om OO J 7-9 21, 
M c M illa n 3 o o 6, H e a rd 7 o 1 4 . 
Bradley 2 I-! 5, Jackson 3 o-o 6. LOV 
Ion o OO o, Burden 1 2 4 4 Totals 43 
21 3o 1o7 
S E A T T L E (127). Weather spoon I 
OO 2, Seals 3 OO 6, Burleson 3 o o 6, 
Brown 14 2 4 JO. Watts J I 2 7, Green 9 
3 J 21, Norwood 2 3 3 7, Bunions 7 2 J 
16, Johnson 4 3 J ll, Olevntcfc 4 o-o t, 
Tolson 4 3 5 ll, W ilkerson I OO 2- 
Torals SS 17 23 127. 
N ew Yo re 
3o 2 7 2 2 2o-1o7 

Soares 
2o 34 42 21-127 
F o u le d out — None fo is t tools —N ew Y o rk i i . S e a ttle 24 
’Technicals -Green A <4,o98 

 quarter, despite falling hard nil his left lout 
“ I really ’thought I broke it when I went down,” 
Russell, th(> ll)-year veter­ an. said. breaking into a relieved smile “ It went numb right *away. Then, I felt some circulation in it. 
Russell’s foot wasn’t the only thing circulating after that, lit' finished off the night by scoring eight points in the final period, six in the last five minutes. 
"W e arc playing Cazzie more and he responded,’ 
West said. “ I am very happy for him.’’ 

B u ild * . 91-8*2 

CHICAGO (AIM - Klein 
Hayes scored seven clutch points and Phil Chenier ad­ ded six, all in the final four minutes, to lead tin* Wa­ shington Bullets to a 94-81) comeback National Basket­ ball Association victory over the Chicago Bulls Fri­ day night 

W A SH IN G T O N (94) 
Hayes IS 
4 7 34, Robin ton 3 6/17, Unseld OOO 
o, Chenier 8 3 3 19, W right 2 o 2 4. 
Bing 4 4 4 17, Kupchak I o o 7, G ray o 
17 1. Weiss S o o IO. G revev o o 7 o 
Tolals 18 18 27 94 
CHICAGO ( l f ) 
Johnson J J 6 11 
Mnv 4 7 7 1o, Gilmore J 7 S 8. Holland 
8 5 6 21, Von Lier I 2 2 6, M arin SOO 
IO, Boer wink Ie 1 o o 2. Pondextpr 4 
3 111, Men welt 4 7 7 IO Totals 34 71 76 
89 
Washington 
2o 27 71 19—94 
Chirogo 
27 7o 77 7o-o9 
F o u le d o u t- U n s e id 
Tom ! fouls 
Washington 75, ( hie ago 24 
Technical -Chicago assistant coach 
Sloan, Kupehak A 
IO ANJ 

K o c k f 't i s 111 -Ii I 

M ILW A U K EE (A P ) - 
The 
Houston 
Rockets, sparked by 
Calvin 
Murphy’s TI points and 
Moses 
Malone’s 
21 rebounds, opened a 22-pomt third-quarter lead and whipped the Milwaukee 
Bucks 111-84 Friday night to break a four-game Na­ tional Basketball Associa­ tion losing streak. 

HO G STO N ( I I I ) 
Malone S S 6 
IS, Tomianovich 9 o 1 16, Fun ned 3 
o o 6, Lucas 4 S S ll, Murphy IO 7 4 77, 
Newltn 4 119. Johnson 6 4 4 16, Jones 
7 GO 4 Ratli ff 1o o 7. Owens I o o 6, 
White o oo o Totals 4/17 71111 
M IL W A U K E E (84) 
Bridgem an 
5 3 1 13, Dandridge 3 3 4 9, Reston) t 
o o 6, Bur kner 4 o o1. Winter s 4 o o I. 
Lloyd 7 7 4 16. Carter 4 o 18. M erer s 
2 4 7 1. Walton 4 o 7 8 Totals 36 12 7> 
84 
Houston 
34 19 26 JI —I I I 
Milwaukee 
F o u le d o u i —Bu touts 
Houston 
19, 
Milwaukee 
24 
A - 1o,879 

Celts lose 

BOSTON (A P ) - 
The Portland Trail 
Blazers, employing a balanced attack, streaked to their sixth straight victory with a 
1o7*92 National Bas­ ketball Association de­ cision over Boston F ri­ day night, spoiling the return of the V eit irs' 
Dave ('owens. 

(Owens, a 6-foot-8 center, who took a leave of absence 
Nov. IO and missed 3o games, came off the bench in each quarter, hut tho 
Celtics were unable to keep pace with the hot-shooting 
Trail 
The Trail Blazers had six players scoring in double figures. Big Bill 
Walton, Maurice Lucas and 
Bob Gross hit for 16 points each. Herm Gilliam and 
Johnny Davis 14 apiece, and Lloyd Neal ll). 
The 28-year-old Cow ens finished with 2o minutes and 32 seconds of playing time, before he fouled out with nine seconds remain­ ing. He had eight points, and helped contain the 
H-foot -11 Walton w hile he was in the game. 
Rowe, Jo Jo White and 
John Havlicek led Boston scorers with 19 points ('ach. 

PO R T LA N D (1o7) 
Lucas 8 O O 
16. Gross S 4 4 14. Walton ft 4 6 16. 
Gilliam 7 o 1 14, Tword/lk 7 2 3 6. 
Steele 4 119, Calhoun o 4 4 4. W alker 
I 22 4, Davis 4 ft / 14 Moo! SOO IO. 
Jones o oo o Totals 47 73 28 1o7 
BO STO N (92) 
W icks .14 6 IO, 
Rowe 9 I I 19, Aid I OO ft, While 7 S 5 
19, Havlicek 6 / 9 19, (. Owens .3 ? 7 B. 
Bosw ell 4 13 9, K uherskl o o o o. 
Stocom o o o o, Saun d ers I O O 7, 
Totals 3ft 7o 79 92 
Portland 
JI 7o l f 79—1o7 
Boston 
21 79 2) 21— 92 
F o u le d oui 
( O w e n s 
Total louts 
C o rtla n d 7ft. B o sto n ll te< Finical 
Boston ( oo< Ii Heinsohn 
A 
15,o4o 

\\ a r r i o r * , I I I i-1o 4) 

INDIANAPOLIS (A P) - 
Charles Johnson hanked in a 22-footer with three se­ conds to go, then Rick 
Barry ad (led two free throws at the buzzer Friday night as tin1 Golden State 
W arriors salvaged a 113 1o9 
National Basketball Asso­ ciation v ietory over the In­ diana Pacers. 
OOI D E N ST A T E O U ) 
B u rly ft 
7 8 19, Wilkes 8 4 5 7o, ROV 6 6 9 IB, 
W illiam s S I I ll. Sm ith IO J J 23, 
Davis I o o 2. G Johnson 5 7 2 17. 
C Johnson 4 o o 8, Dudley o o o o totals 45 73 78 113 
IN D IA N A (1o9) 
Hillman 3 7 2 8. 
Jones I 4 5 18. Roundfield 6 11 1). 
Bose S 8 IO 18, Knight 14 4 S 37. Ben nett 2 17 7. Elm ore OO o o, Flynn 3oo 
6, Robisch J I I 7 Totalt 41 23 ll 1o9 
Golden State 
73 37 7o 21— 113 
Indiana 
78 71 31 79-1o9 to o le d out 
W illia m s 
T o tal louis 
Golden State 79, Indiana 78 
Technical 
Davis. A -It,3o? 

" ( h i s . I I I-IOO 

PHILADELPHIA (A P) - 
Lloyd Fret* scored 24 points anti George McGinnis ad­ ded 23 as the Philadelphia 
76ers beat tin' Kansas City 
Kings 111-196 Friday night despite blowing an early 
16 point lead iii a National 
Baskctbal 
Association game 
KAN SAS C ITY (1oft) 
Lacey 4o o 
8 Wedman 7 OO 14, Washington SOO 
IO, Boone IO 3 J 23. Taylor IO I I 21, 
M cC arter I o o 2. L a k in * 2 4 4 8, 
Johnson 6 7 7 14 Barr 17 7 4, Robm 
/me 1oo 7 totals 47 I? I? 1oft 
P H IL A D E L P H IA ( t i t ) 
I »vma 
/ 9 ll ?J, M< Gloms ll I 7 23, Coli h mas I 3 4 5, F ree IO 4 6 74, Bibby S S S 
IS, Dunleoyy o o o o. Junes 1 1 4 1 , 
Bryant J 2 I 8. Mix 2 6 ft IO totals 4o 
JI 43 III 
Kansas Cliv 
2* 2o 29 31— 3o* 
Philadelphia 
4o l l 74 29— It ) touted out 
F re e , W ashington 
T otals touts 
K a n s a s C ity 
28, 
Philadelphia 7ft Technicals 
Kansas 
City Cooch Johnson A 
11,o12 

B r a v e * , 1 3 1 -1 o 3 

GREAT 

VALUES 

FROM 

BARRY 

MFG. CO. 

BUFFALO (A P) - Bird 
Averill came off the bench in the third quarter anti scored la of his 21 intuits to send the Buffalo Braves to a runaway 131-193 National 
Basketball Association vic­ tory over the New Orleans 
Jazz Friday night. 

N EW O R L E A N S 11o1) 
C oleman 
3 12 7. Jom es 4 O O I. Moore o oo o, 
Boyd S i l l / , M aro vich 9 / 8 75. 
Mc Elroy 4/11 IS. Kelly 2 4 6 8 WK ham s 4 o o 8. B e h og en S O I IO, 
W alker o o o o. Stallw orth 1 o o 2. 
Grittm o I 4 I totals 4o 73 33 IO) 
B U F F A L O o 3 )J 
Glonelh I 4 4 8 
Dantlev 6 17 12 24. Shumate 5 9 13 Iv 
Smith It ft 7 78, W illiam s I o o A 
Adorns o o o o, A veril) 8 S 8 71, Ab dot A /iu 7 S A 9, Terry ? I I S, G e rald 
7 I 7 S, OtGregorto o o o o, Foster 3oo ft totals 44 43 54 131 
New Orleans 
16 36 23 28—1o3 
Buffalo 
26 34 38 33— 131 
Fo u le d ou* 
None 
T o tal fouls - New Orleans 36, Buffalo 76 
A - 9,579 

34 19 16 31 —t i) 
\ r 
7o 19 2o 25- 14 
> l l L Z v e t * r o m p 
: fcner 
T a la i r- c - 
* 

H a w k * , 1 2 U - IO I 

IR O N D A LE . N Y (A P) 
— John Drew scored 31 intuits and Randy Denton added 25 points and 18 re­ bounds as Hit* Atlanta 
Hawks dealt the New York 
Nets their ninth consecu­ tive National Basketball 
Association loss 12o-191 
Friday night. 
The losing streak ties a 
Nets club record set during the 1973-74 season. 

A TLA N T A (12o1 
O rfw 12 7 7 31. 
Menweother 3 9 12 IS. Demon 113 4 
25, Hudson 3 3 49. Henderson 6 5 8 17, 
Charles 4 VS 13. HUI 2 OO 4, Barker 2 
o o 4, Willoughby o OO o, Braw n o 2 2 
2. Howes o O O o. Totals 43 34 42 12o 
N E W Y O R K O O I) van Bred a 
Koitt 4 2 2 IO. Bassett 4 2 3 IO, Hughes 
o OO o, Williamson 1o 3 3 23, Skinner S 
3 6 13, Terry oGoS, Fox 3 2 2 A, Jones 
J f 9 21, Wont 4 2 3 IO, Hawkins 2 2 2 6 
Totals 39 23 3o IQI 
Atlanta l l 19 J I 61-11o 
New York 
» l l IS 33-1o1 
Fouled out-M griw eaiher, Basset*. 
Jones Tmoi touts— Atlanta 3o, New 
Y o rk JO- T e c h n ic a l* — S k in n e r , 
Jones New York Coach cougher y 
A-1.4o4 

DENVER (A P) - Paul 
Silas and Jim Price came tiff the bench ti) spark a second-period rally that er­ ased an early Cleveland lead and led the Denver 
Nuggets to a 116-96 victory over tin* Cavaliers Friday night in National Basket­ ball Association action 
Denver, now 21*1 at home this season, fell behind by ll points during a cold- shooting and error-prone first period. Jim Cleamons and Jim Phones helped the 
( availers to their early lead. 

C LEV ELA N D (96) 
Russell 7 J 4 
17, Brewer 5 OO IO, Chones 4 2 2 IO, 
Corr 5 I t l l , C leam ons S 4ft 14. 
Smith SO O IO. Thurmond SO O IO, 
Snyder 2 2 3 6. Lam bert 2 OO 4, Wtl hams 2 oo 4 Totals 42 <2 16 96 
O C N V E R (116) 
Jones 6 o 112, 
Wise 4 119, Issei 8 J 4 19, McClain 2 
2 2 6. Thompson 9 I I 19. Silas 5 3 4 13, 
Price 7 o o 14, Taylor J O O 4, Webster 
6 OO 12. Beck o o o o. Tow* 3 2 3 8 
Totals 52 12 <6 1)6 
C leveland 
26 21 27 32- 96 
D enver 
24 33 29 3o-116 
F o u le d o u l- N o n e 
T o tal tools—Cleveland 
19, 
Denver 
18 
A - 17,7o9 

VESTED 

SUITS 
1oo% 

POLYESTER 

AND WOOL 

BLEND 

STRIPES 

PLAIDS 

CORDUROY 

THOUSANDS 

TO CHOOSE 
FROM 

ALL SIZES 

MADE TO RETAIL 

AT M Io.oo 
I ACTORY PRICED 

TO YOU 
FROM 
*59.95 

SPECIAL 

BARGAIN 

RACK 

SUITS 
*29.95 

SPORT 

COATS 
*19.95 

EXPERT ALTERATIONS 
AVAILABLE 
BARRY 

MANUFACTURING CO. 

53o6 JACKWOOD 
NEAR LOOP 41o A 
BANDERA RD. 
TUES., WED., FRI. 
1o-7 
MON. and THURS, till 9 
SAT. 9-6 
IF YOU CAN’T FIND US 
CALL US 
684-795o 

San Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— Saturday January 15 1977 

 rn % 
JUr 
Harlequin stages perceptive comedy 

J E A N E T T E M O R N E A U plays child psychologist 

By RON WHITE 
“ You1 vt? got to return to reality.” his brother tells 
Murray Burns. 
M urray slouches in his chair, thrips the arm s and snaps. “ I ll only go as a tourist.” 
Murray's trip to reality is the basis of Harlequin Din­ ner Theater's new show. “ A 
Thousand Clowns” by Herb 
(lordlier, one of the better co m ed ies th at cro p s up freq u en tly at d in n e r theaters. 
M urray is an e s ca p ee 

 from the writing den of a c h ild re n 's 
TV> show, 
‘‘Chuckles the Chipmunk.” 
He lives with his precocious 
12-year-old nephew , who keeps changing his name, from Bill to Toulouse, but has settled rec en tly on 
Nick. 
M urray refu ses to see anything m ore serious in life than climbing to the top of the Statue of Liberty. His co m m u n icatio n w ith the rest of the world is limited to arg u in g with the te le­ phone w eather recording and shouting instructions to the closed windows of his neighbors (“ Rich people, I 

---- 
-....' 

 want to see a better class of g a rb a g e out h ere. M ore champagne bottles!” ). 
He has called it quits with the world, and he’s not go­ ing to let trivialities like responsibility, earning a living, and other people in­ toner with his life and his freedom. 
Not even the fact that the s ta te w elfare board is th re a ten in g to take Nick away from him is enough to make him keep a necktie on 

 all day and to submit to the asininity of Chuckles to get his job back. 
Eventually the req u ire­ m ents of a happy ending force Murray to surrender m aking both M urray and 
“ A Thousand Clowns” a cop-out. It s an endearing cop-out, how ever — d eli­ berately endearing. We get to enjoy the free com ic spirit embodied in Murray at the same time we’re able to see the r e q u ire m e n ts m et in our P u ritan work ethic. Freedom is fun, but let’s not take it too serious­ ly 
Whether one thinks Mur­ ray capitulates to conven­ tionality or simply faces his responsibilities. “ A Thou­ sand Clowns” has the ad­ 

 vantages of characters and problems that are real en­ ough to involve a viewer s em o tio n s and th o u g h ts. 
H a rle q u in ’s p roduction m a k e s the m ost of the issues although it is trou­ bled by a M urray that is more inconsistent than the script calls for. 

Laughter 
Tim L aughter’s M urray changes from act to act. 
When the play opens, he is barely a character at all. 
He is an actor reciting lines he doesn’t seem to believe in. 
A fter the first intermission the nature of the lines haven’t changed, but Murray has. Ile is on the attack. His lines cut 

 others and throw a defen­ sive wall around himself. 
By the third act Murray has hints of genuine paranoid insanity. lie has progressed from sim ply a lazy c h a r­ acter (and actor) to a fas­ cinatingly confused m an g rasp in g desperately for some true vision of life. 

His r e l a t i o n a l ^ w itll 
Nick has progressed from the trivial to an emotional peak that justifies Murray giving up his freedom. 
It is an uneven p e rfo r­ m ance that luckily g ets b etter as the play p ro ­ gresses. But if “ A Thou­ sand Clowns” finally seems* un certain as to w here it stands concerning Murray, it may be because Laughter 

I 
R NOW! Et; 

Lf, lf only they knew she had the power. 

Even more incredible... even more shocking 

. 
RIC H A R D HARRIS 
> THE RETURN 
' 
~ 
O f A M A N C A L L E D H O R SE’ 

1H IO «l Im ? 41o off (aHoqHm fait 
149-4714 
12:oo-2.-oo-4:oo-6:oo-4:oo-1o:oo 
1:3o-3:25-5:2o-;. 15-9: IO 

. o i l * Mifilwrl 
1:3o-3:25-5:oo-7:15-9:1o 

HHK 

I HAW 
I I I JO J 7 5 
I 
S 25 * 3o 

NO BAR. MAT. 
OR RASHS 
‘SIX* 
12 55-3 55- 
6 55-1o oo 

NOW! 
EXCLUSIVE 
SHOWING! 

TOGETHER IN77 

441 J CALLA OM A N ID . 
41 JO N A C O H M I N 
7 4 2 2 I. M IIIT A IY 
4 2 4 -4 6 1 1 
6 1 6 145* 
6 7 4 -1 1 7 1 

Lee 
. 
Oliver . 
Robert . Elizabeth . 
Sylvia 
ARVIN * REED 
CULP 
ASHLEY 
MIL! 

No Bargain Matinee • No Posses • No Special Admission Tickets 

 and director Rolla Muckles are unsure. 
With the other characters both acting and direction generally are m ore stable and co n sisten tly b e tte r even if they don’t reach the eventual high of Laughter’s role. 
Contrast 
Jeanette Morncau is ex- cellent as Sandra, a child psychologist sent to cheek on Nick. and who winds up sp en d in g the night with 
Murray. Morneau’s Sandra is a fine contrast to M ur­ ray. She is shy and uncer­ tain of herself. Not the least of Morneau’s attributes is the ability to laugh and to cry both convincingly and comically. 
Ja c k Brown m a k e s a perfect Albert, the social worker sent with S andra 
(and engaged to her). He is uptight, prim to the point of being painful. M u r ra y ’s hom e is so obviously healthy for an 12-year-old that Albert must be an exaggerated prig to make his disapproval of Nick s hom elife convincing. 
Brown m a k e s the exagger­ ation believable. 
As Chuckles, it would be difficult lo conceive of an­ yone more properly obnox­ ious, whining and insincere than 
Dick 
G o rm an . 
G o rm a n ’s eg o istical, u n ­ funny clown gives a good perspective to what m ade 
Murray drop out. 
Backy Gorman as Nick is one of those rare child ac­ tors who a re n ’t self-cons- eious on stage. He seem s everything that Nick should be: likeable, intelligent and more of a responsible adult than Murray. 
Director N uckles takes the role of 
M u rra y 's brother and agent, a man dedicated to being a yes m an . It is not a p e r f o r ­ mance that Nuckies, usual­ ly an in te re s tin g a c to r, could count as first-rate. 
Paul Baker discusses theater 

A three-part get-together on the dramatic views of 
Trinity University’s Haul 
B ak er opens at I p .iii. 
Monday in the Ruth Taylor 
Theater. 
B a k er is c h a irm a n of 
Trinity’s speech and dram a department, and managing d ire c to r of the D allas 
Theater Center. i 
He will give the first program on Monday . 
J e a r n in e W ag n er and 
Eugene McKinney conduct the second session on Jan. 
24. 
B a k er aud M ary Sue 
Jones will lead the final session on Jan. JI. 
Fee for the series is $15. 
For details call 824-823o or 
822-1232. 

o i m t l««4 titf 
111 lid 
1:15-3:4o-5:25-7:3© 6:35 

. A super-porno tribute to the ‘ Way We Were' 
X rated answer to American Graffiti! ’’ s w i m ,i m 
-an 

Do you remember your first time “GOING ALL THE WAY”? 

NOW!...YOU CAN SEE BOTH 
TOGETHER FOR THE FIRST TIME! 

THE TEXAS CHAINSAW 
MASSACRE" - ~ j 

Am ericas most bizarre and brutal crimes 

NOW SHOWING! ONB WBBK i n n 
CAPITAN ? ou> Mw* « i* * t )« 
o4 n e 

$125 TIU 2 OO P M 
|| 
TORSO ll OO 2 1o-5 25 8 35 D 
TEXAS 
* 
12 JO-J 45-7 OO-IO IO P M 

TEXAS ' 
7 oo-1o OO V M 

“TORSO 
8 3o P M 

 i 
Where anything i can happen.. 
$ and usually does! 

$ 
WITH; i 
KIMI VKI) PUTON 

 ti Arums 
I 2 :3 3 -3 :o o -5 :o 5 
7 ; 1 o - * t l5 

DO THIS! CREATURES EXIST? 

N ow you con g o on on expedition to solve o n * of tho w orld 's m ost intriguing m ysteries! 

SEE. . . 

THE ALL-NEW 
ADVENTURES 
OF THE 
WORLD'S MOST 
BUMSIING 
DETECTIVE 

PANAVISION’ COLOR by Deluxe 

“SASQUATCH’J 

CO LO R 
[ O ] J 

NO W SHOW ING 
. 11:3o-1:35-3:4o- 
5:45-8xoo-HMX) 
M e A cra ein M o lin o * . 

O rJ £ o 4 » * l 
NEW LAUREL 
2 3 1 o S A N P E D R O • 7 3 6 - 4 5 5 1 
W EEK ! 

Mexican dance taught at SAC 

University of Mexico professor Alura Flores de Angeles will teach a Monday through Feb. 5 workshop in Mexican dance at San Antonio College. 
There will be intermediate and advanced workshops, with tuition at $2o each. 
The classes intermediate classes meet on Tuesdays and 
Thursdays, and the advanced classes on Mondays and 
Wednesdays. 
Times are 7-9 p.m. The classes will he in SAC’s Loftin 
Student Center. 
Mrs. Alngeles conducts the workshops through the 
Universidad Autonoma de Mexico and the San Antonio 
College Dance Club. 
For details, call Nelda Drury at 734-7311, extension 358, or Mrs. Magdelaena Saldana at 734-7311, extension 425. 
D ram a a u d itio n s M o n d a y 

The Melodrama Theater 
Actors will be paid for the has 7 p.m. Monday audi- play which opens March 4. lions. 
Call 224-4464 for details. 

San Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— Saturday January I 5 I 977 

T rinity trio ld a y s on Paseo 

Twohig's bar and restaurant con­ tinues featuring live entertainm ent on weekends. 
Pianist Joe K err w ill play Saturday night in the River Walk business. 
Kerr will be joined by bass player 

R io R am b lin g s 

David C ataealos and sin g er Nela 
Wells. 

They will play jazz beginning at 9 p.m. 

The trio is currently m usic stu ­ dents at Trinity University. 

Twohig’s is at 162 R iver Walk. 
Craft Center offers calligraphy, printing 

Metalsmith Bob Ebendorf opened his two-day workshop in working with metals Friday at the 
Southwest Craft Center. His Saturday session will be about design and technique in jewelry making. 
The Craft Center is in the Old Ursuline Convent on 
Augusta Street. 
STAFF PHOTO BY JOSE BARRERA 

 abc) INTERSTATE *7^r<2/>A/ 

7:35 

9:4o 

“...N o th in g l« ,s th an the m ost e x h ila ra tin g en tertain m en t of the film year to date " 
1-,^-Cj-h, NI U/ VORK r/MFS 

THE SEVEN-PER-CENT SOLUTION 
I ’urn the Bf He»r Selfing Vote! 
WARM, VANESA HMX,KAW MW) IM VAH ..A NR OI WI! HAMSON 
•ti IHI MVIS PIM i int n«mi Ti rn Hisn omit* 
IOfl 
I HAW fSt.RAX tit CMG! A BROWN Hit,INF am 
TION 
SAMANTHA fcC»GAR 
TI HI MV KIMP 

P X 1 . * J T T I 1 1 h i 
7 t i t i h t t t C 

* N O W SHO W ING * 
ZERO MOSTEL • GENE WILDER 
DICK SHAWN 
IN MEL BROOK’S 
“THE PRODUCERS” 
FRI. A M O N . AT 7 :2 o -9 :o o 
SAT.-SUN. 11oo- 2 :3 o -4 :1 o - 3 :5 o -7 :2 o -9 :o o 

T he 
S outhw est 
C raft techniques. 
C enter is beginning new courses in art/design and 
H elen R a sp lic k a lo in s calligraphy, as well as ad- 
Kitty M aguire to teach two ding workshops »ti printing new courses in calligraphy 

H e ’s r u n n i n g f o r o f f i c e . 

 beginning Wednesday and w orkshops in ad v a n c e d 
T h u rsd ay . M ag u ire w ill calligraphy and p rin tin g co n d u ct new w eekend techniques. 

ONAIX 
FOURS! 

JO N E S m CONWAY 
M V ftflM MAMI MHM lev i W 
F P P rn*. VAW NAT TTH 

\ - T TECHNICOLOR' Wi­ 

 tty O w De LaurWillis 
Ccw potation 
Att Rights Reserved 

[>• I <» titrate ptvsenfs a .Win ( iuiikimin Ulm 

Jeff Bridges 

CENTURY 
12:oo-2:oo-4:oo-4:oo4:oo-1o:oo 
NORTH STAR 
1:oo-3:oo-5:3o-7:3o-9 3o 

 sLimiv.} 
JSN 
Hm m limit 

S.W M il Dr at IN J ) Sa 
934-4511 
I 2 : o o - 2 : 3 o - 5 :o o - 7 :3 o - 1 o :o o 

C E N T U R Y * ; 
I tv ti I H 
9 J 

“ K i n g K o n g 
» Chark’suiodin h m x iu ai 

NO BAR. MAT. 
NO PASSES 
NO SPEC ADM. htroduonq Jessica Lango 

UNTO AL PARK 

1 2 :1 o 2 :3 o - 5 : o o - 7 :1 5 - 9 :4 o 

KTFM MIDNIGHT 

SHOW AT 
NORTHWEST SIX 
TONIGHT 

LISTEN TO KTFM 
FOR DETAILS. 

D O N ’T M IS S I TI 

ROD/TOUART 
FACE/ 
Mu.*? NEITH M O W A D 
©od ROO LUOOO 

TODAY- “WST TANGO IN PARIS” 1:oo-5:25-9:45 
"LENNY” 3:3o-7:45 

Sun., Jon. 16 “ TUNNY U D Y ” plus “ FUNNY GIRL’ 

Mon., Jon. 17 “HARRY A TONTO’’ plus “HEARTBREAK KID’ 

N O R I H W K I I 
H K 

IM IO al Ua» 41o aft Cattabu* lilt 
J4t SIM 

12:oo-2:oo-4:oo-6:oo-8:oo-1o:oo 
{be /orig / 
(he legend the movie 

Today 

 r . k - a I i 

Tu«s„ Jan. 18 “MURDER ON THE ORIENT EXPRESS’ 

 mm plus “CHINATOWN’ vmm mmmmt 

C heck d is p la y a d 
♦or tim e s 4 p o lic ie s 

‘FORBIDDEN DESIRE’ 

“ NICKELO D EO N ” 

“ S H A G G Y D .A .” 

‘KIN G K O N G ’ 

 rn IO al ta— 41o att Call.at!a. Im 
M f AIM 
Check display ad for times S t policies 

“ FORBIDDEN DESIRE” 

“ ROD STEW ART 
A N D FACES” 

“ R O M EO A N D JULIET” 
__ P»U4 “ FRIENDS” 

“ IN SEARCH OF 
N O A H ’S A R K ” 

Wed., Jon. 19 “ THE GODFATHER, Port IT 

Jhufs., Jon. 2o ’’SLEUTH” plus ’THE PAPER CHASE R 
|No Bargain Matinee!] 

— IIF*1* 
12:35-3:oo-5:25 ■"n,M 
7:5o-1o:15 

Today at 
Son Fedro 

“FORBIDDEN DESIRE 
“LUCKY LADY" 

San Pedro of I i Hark Id 
494 
“ ROD STEWART 
AND FACES” 
“ PHANTOM OF 
THE PARADISE" 

"TWO MINUTE 
WARNING” 
“ THE EIGER 
SANCTION' 

12 : 3 o - 2 : o 5 - 3 ; 4 o l i m n : NO BARGAIN 
5:1 $44o-o:25 
MATINEE 
1o4o rn Hart—>41o aw Canap., tm 
M44IM 

VINCENT PRICE AND CHARIES BRONSON TOGETHER IN 

ACTUALLY kilPS FROM THE 5CRtii U | T | U 1 * p DC Al IC U I 
ORTOYOURiAP! 
... HU IM Al I RtALIoM! 
STEREOVISIOH 

 s a 

V y 

( K N f l J R l r 
S O I I M 
U 
_____________________ 
:lty tar (Int 
S.W. MU. Or. mf IN SS Se. 
9M - 4 I 11 ra rta m a m . only. 

R Y A N 
T A T U M O ’N E A L 
O ’N E A L 
B U R T R E Y N O L D S 

Ii I A N V I D R O 
TRIFLE SCREEN O U T D O O R lim 

San Fadro at »tr*.r, Bd 

R O O 7 :3 o - 1 o : 4 o 
PH A N T O M 9 :o 5 

"Rod Stewart it fetching, fantastic, flamboyant.. a toyons (film) of sandbox innocence and wickedy sex."AFTER OARS 

 f e a t u r in g H 
O 
T H 
R 
K 
H 
M 
D 

 a n d n o n W O O D 
Plus at 

 san Pedro “ PHANTOM OF THE PARADISE 

BSi 
M P B ! H W U I I j lj l C K N I U R V f X 
H K 
ES H 
I O U A H 
I 
:m; 

 m IO at tao* 41o att 

12:45-3:oo-5:15 
7:3o-9:45 

MO o1M 
S.W. M il Or at IH SS So 
934 *531 
(••I tu n ism: m u ll 
Son R«*4f<i of littnri BH 
494-3416 

7 :3 o - 1 1 :3 5 
LUCKY LADY 9 :3 5 

S A N V I D R O 
TRIFLE SCREEN O U T D O O R 
12:4O-3dXL5.2o 
7:4o1o oo 

Foul 
Williams 
(FO) . 

N O R I H W E I I 
H K ip::: tmtti 

1935 

D N R V I V S A L 
(■ ■ V I W IN 

HELL OF A GOOD TIME. 
- Ut Smith Cosmopolitan Magame 

---------- S ee — ------------------- 

1 2 :4 o - 5 : o o - 9 :4 o 
“ P O M B O ” 1 2 :5 o - 3 : 1 5 - 9 :4 o 
1 * * 3 :1 5 -7 :5 5 
“ H OBN OB** 3 :1 o - 7 :3 5 
BARGAIN MATlNff DABY FOR TMfATil CAFAGTY KM FIRS! FfRfORMANCf OMIT. 
TW O OF THE M OST BEAUTIFUL LOVE STORIES EVER M A D S 
—- TOGETHER FOR ALL AGES TO SN J O Y I 

 tv 
F W kx) Ze f fir e lli 

 r d 

H K C T . o i w r 

DON’T 

COME 

ALONE! 

 th' # 
' * 
V * 

 e * Ie V & 

 st r n IE IA I 
T O O N T W I N 
OUTDOOR THEATER 
I S3 I Houlton Sr 
TIT 2145 
VMW* ai * * tttttuif I I 41o 
441 411* 
DEVIL’S 11:3o-2:15-5:oo-7:45 
DEVIL’S 7:3o-1o:45 
DEATH 1:oo-3:45-6:3o-9:15 
DEATH 9:2o 

George 
G Scott 

Academy 
Award 
Winner tor his 
(Mn lr aval in 
"P A T T O N ", who tuts distinguished himself in such pictures as 
" THE 
H U S T L E R " and 
“ D A Y 
O F 
THC D O LPHINS" now 

 in tile must demanding role of his iar»*w , 
■ r 
■ 
^ ||f 

FC)I<BI I )I ) l i \ 
DUSI 

•Alone in a vtvugu parartise. three people are forced to confront their primitive (Missions 

The ending may shock you, hut you wilt never target ll 
...... 
„ 
■MI aor marly (iliad " TH* M V 4Q1 IS I OOM" 

2ND FEATURE AT SAN Pf OR O ONLT: 
V “ L U C K Y LADY** i^> liz a m in n e lli b u rt R eyn o ld s J 

N O R T H W E S T 
W f C I N I D V W * ; 
S I X 
BEU 
SO U E H 
X 

Romeo 
^ J U L I E T 

5o,ooo years of 
Death 
Devils Express 

 p l u s 

FRED WILLIAMSON in 
“ DEATH JOURNEY” ^, 
(«) 

Kl IO al tao, 41o att (all—Aa. (.ti 
M f 4IM 

1:3o-3:3o-5:3o-7:3o-9.3o 

E W M il Or a i IM 15 ta 
934 
12 oo-2:oo-4:oo-6:oo-1rOO 1o 

• 5 J ti 
OO I 
IF YOGVE GOT 
A TASTE FOR TERROR.. 
TAKE CARRIE 
TO THE PROM. 

PLUS 
"friends^ 

QUVMHUSSfY / IH)NMV)MNIIM6 / 

? , ■***. "I 
J 

SEAN BURY 
A N IC H A LV IN A 
MUSIC BY ELTON JOHN 

IF 
YOU’VE 
GOT A 
TASTE 
FOR 
TERROR... 

TAKE 
CARRIE 
TO THE 
PROM. 

M i l l i o n 
TWIN OUTDOOR IMI AII • 
V A L L I ! H H 
OUTDOOR TH*ATRI 
JI OO la a w r d t lim : 
41o 6 Madina Bas* Rd 

V A N V I D V O 
TRIPLI SCRUM OUTDOOR 
‘SII 
V A W 
R I Y 
OUTDOOR TMIATIR 
•MtaraRd. 
494-5434 lTSjTTCT 

“ T W O ” 7x3 o-11 :5o 
“ H O M ” 9 i4 3 
!S*:r„TWC MINUTE 

One Sniper... 

CHARLTON HESTO 
JO H N CASSAVETES 
‘’ T H U M INUTE WARNING 

ING •■> 

“ CAR” 7:3o-11:3o 

Where anything can happen... and usually does! 

M n* Intl Cut) 

Im lim kitnn flips 

 lm kl|i k |i|i it ii ie h i Iii 

“ FAMILY” 9:25 

UNIVERSAL 
W O O D L A W N 
12:oo-1:4o-3:2o 5:oo-6:4o4.2o-1o:oo 

T O W N TW IN 
MISTY 7:3o-1o:35 SOMETIME 9:15-12:oo 
TRAIL 
MISTY 7:3o-1o:35 PAMELA 9:15-12:o5 

 linwdMMjjPjta ilium list p G 

 ruMf 
THE EIGER 

EA STW O O D SANCTON 
IN 
__________ 

P LUS davtoua mind OI 
KARIN BLACK 
Attrap MRcOcock. 
BR U C I O f R N 

M isty 
Beethoven 

(X) 

 f a m i l y P l o t 

P g l 
*e*U tu-icn' J 

2nd Feature at Trail only! 
“ THE PRIVATE 
AFTERNOONS OF 
PAMELA MANN 

PLUS 

2nd feature at 

Town Twin only! 
>F ±!)Ometkne 

 y(xi 5 f a E C t Q U 6 O o 

CARRIE” 

V SISSY SPACEK 
• 
PIPER LAURI! (») J 

1.4o-4.45 3.5o 
119 W Jai.d U M 
EiRilieRRe 
® Nicole 
I w 

Bor prim 
M a tin * a 

SOME WAYS OF LOVE 
AKE 
TOO SENSUAL FOR WORDS 
PLUS 

Y<h \<| I polit 
!annv Hill * 

M R S S H O N 
TWIN OUTDOOR THIATIR 

M 2.4o-2:39-4:2o 
■ 6 1o4.4o 9 5o 
NO BARGAIN 
MAUNU 

^ e o o v a 
* 
^ 

T I h s ^ I I fci<;ki«; 

 t h e p u u t h o f t y o n ! 

X 

W O O D L A W N 
I A l l 
193o tr.d a ru k tW t Id 
735-131 1 

1245-1:45 3: 
5:o5-6 45-6 IS 
1o.o5 
NO BARGAIN 
MAUNU 

PLUS 
“SWINGING 
STEWARDESSES" 

(*) 

“ THROUGH THE 
LOOKING GLASS” 

S 
W O SS OF A S T . . . film beyond space and lime where nothing is forbidden and everything is permitted * 
Ptnikntisr 

S W I N O I FRO 
9 :2 o 

DfVH S 7:3o-1o:35 
MUKAI 9:o5-11.55 
PlusI rn S o w , 
KUNG Ell 
IRKbMm. 
HONG KONG 
Anode! *4 mal practical 

.** ■& % 
, -tfy 
*; 

Page 
San Antonio EX P R ESS-N EW S— Saturday January 15 I 97 7 
More new shows keep schedules everchanging 

“ H ow lu cky C an I G e t ? ” chortles G u y H ovis this week on the Lawrence W e lk Program , when he announces that, due to a tem porary throat ailment, his pretty wife Ralna, has been ordered to absolute silence for a w hole week by her doctor, 6 p.m., Ch. I 2 

HOLLYWOOD 
- 
The ever-changing television schedule is in for m ore of the same. 
R e m e m b e r w hen th e r e was one season of shows? 
Then a fall season and a mid-season? 
T h a t is a th i n g of th e past 
Show s a re c ro p p in g up so fast now, it is hardly worth trying to m em orize a schedule. 
Out in Hollywood now. we a re g e ttin g a pre v iew of another group of new series to be in t r o d u c e d to th e viewing public in the next few weeks. 
T he t h r e e n e tw o r k s — 
ABC, NBO and CBS - are showing their w ares. 
ABC had the first crack th is w e e k . A d i n n e r at 
G a t s b y ’s w ith 
B a r b a r a 
W a lte r s a n d 
H a rry 
R e a s o n e r s t a r t e d it off. 
B arbara is ABC's new m il­ lion dollar baby. 

I 
I had met B a rb a ra on two 

ON THE 
AIR 
By Leona Pappas 
TV Editor 

 other occasions, both som e tim e ago. O n c e , s e v e r a l years ago, in her office at 
NBC in New York At that tim e she was a part of the 
NBG T o d a y Show n e w s tea m T he o th e r occasion was at a N atio n a l B ro a d ­ casters Assn convention in 
Houston. 
A lot has passed u n d e r the bridge since those two visits. I have been ask ed several tim es if I thought 

Miss W alters had changed s in c e h e r new s t a t u s in b ro a d c a s tin g . F r a n k l y , I d id n ’t know. Until the din­ ner at G atsby’s. 
Hasn't change 
I found she has not. I was p lea san tly s u r p ris e d , and pleased, when I introduced m y s e lf to h e r a g a in an d m e n tio n e d it h ad be en a while since we last met. 
S he r e p l ie d , “ M y y e s, that w as n early six y e a rs ago. My little girl was only two." 
During the evening. Miss 
W alters said she had never expected all the furor she g e n e ra te d b e c a u se of her move to ABC. 
Slit* also said she had re ­ ceived culls from both the 
C a r t e r s a n d th e F o r d s a b o u t h e r r e c e n t s p e c ia l reports. 
P resident Ford, she said has requested a cassette of the p ro g ra m on th e F o rd family to go to the U niver­ sity of M ich igan w ith his papers. 
Television highlights 
TV LISTINGS 

Pr^fom Jut**?* (emptied rn th is lot) o f t fu rn ish e d b y th e f t t tv i u e n v to titfik o n e o f f su b je c t to lay! minute cnonqey. 
The newspaper is no* respon­ sible when hstmqs ort in error 

KMOl-TV 
O 
- nbc 
7 

OO 
15 
3 o 
4 5 

9 a rn 
(Uh. 9) - O N C E 
UPON A CLASSIC - D a v i d 
Copperfield." Bill Bixby is host of the story of a boy w hose co u rag e and spirit help him surv ive a series of d e s p e r a t e e v e n ts . ( P a r t 
(hie> 

11:3o (Ch. 12) - AMERICAN 
BANDSTAND - Dick Clark w e lc o m e s 
L TD , 
M ary 
M a c G re g o r and R o d n ey , tilt' computerized puppet. 

Noon (Ch. I) - COLLEGE 
BASK ETBALL 
77 - T he 
B u ffalo es of W est T e x a s 
State take on Tulsa and the 
T exas T ech Red R a id e rs play the Longhorns of Tex­ as 

Noon (Ch. >) 
THE CBS 
< MILDREN S FILM F E S ­ 
TIVAL - “ On Snowline" is tin' story of a sensitive girl named Kafka, who likes to im agine herself in a fairy­ tale land. 

1:3o (Ch 5) - S A H R D W 
M \TINEE “ T a r / a n ’s New 
York A dv entu re.” Johnny 
W e is m u l le r , 
M a m e e n 
O 'S u lliv a n an d C h a r le s 
Bickford sta r K idnappers ta k e Boy to th e U n ite d 
States as a circus attraction and Tarzan goes after him 
(R) 

DeSoto respond to an acci­ dent call and find Dr. Kelly 
B rackett is the victim . A little girl is left fatherless because of the crashup and th e d o c to r fe e ls g u ilty . 
O th e r in c id e n ts in c lu d e rescuing a bum in a b u rn ­ ing b o x c ar, and both the param edics and a heart at­ tack victim being caught in the middle of a shoot out. 

7 (Ch. 12) • WONDER WO­ 
MAN - “ J u d g m e n t fro m 
O uter Space." (P a rt One) 
W onder Woman befriends a rep re sen tativ e from other planets whose leaders fear that E arth may m isuse its atomic power and become a threat to other planets. 

7 (Ch. 9) ■ LOWELL THO- 
MAS 
R E M E M B E R S 
- 
“ 1964 ” Film highlights in­ clude L B J's speech on po­ verty and his signing of the 
Civ ii R ights Bill; riots in the U.S. and South A m eri­ ca; th e 
P r e s id e n ti a l election; and the Beatles. 

7:38 I Ch. 5) - THE BOB 
NEW HART SHOW 
- Bob goes to lecture at a presti­ gious sex se m in a r, and is m ore than disturbed when he discovers that the entire au dien ce at his le ctu re is nude. 

8 

OO 
15 
3 o 
4 5 
9 

oo 
1 
5 

3 o 
4 5 
IO 

OO 

15 
3 o 
4 5 ll 

OO 
15 
3 o 
4 5 
12 
I 

OO 
15 
3 o 
4 5 
2 

OO 
I S 
3 o 
4 5 

The w o o d y 

W oodpecker Show 
The Pink Ponther lough A ' : 

Hoof & '? 

S p e e d B u g gy 

M o n ste r S q u a d 

S p a ce G h o st ' 

Frank eastern Jr. 
Brg John, little John 

KENS-TV 
9 
C B S 

Sylvester & 
Tweety 

C lue C lub 

KLRN-TV 
O l d 

B u g s Bunny 
R oadrunner Hour 

Tarzan, lo rd of the Jungle 

Sh a z a m Isis H our 

Villa Alegre 

M ister Rogers' 
N e igh b o rh o o d 

Se sam e Sh e e t 

O n c e Upon 
A C lassic 
Zoom 

Ark ll 

 la n d of the 
Lost 
M u g g sy 

Fat Albert a n d 

 the C o sb y R id s 
W a y O u t G a m e s 

C ollege 
Basketball 77 
W e st Texas 

 vs Tulsa 

C B S C h ild re n 's 
Film Festival 

Am erica The 
Y o u n g Experience 

S atu rd ay M atinee 
T a rz a n s 

Texas Tech 

 vs Texas 

3 

oo 
1 
5 
3 o 
4 5 
4 

OO 

1 5 
3 o 
45 
5 

OO 
15 
3 o 
4 5 

2:39 (Ch. 12) • P R O F E S ­ 
SIONAL BOWLERS TOI R 
* Today’s show will be the live cov erage of the F ord 
O pen, com ing from M el’s 
Bowl m Alameda, Calif. 

3:38 (Ch. 5) • CBS SPORTS 
SPECTACULAR • Olympic geld m edalist H oward D a­ v is J r . and f o r m e r AAU c h a m p io n 
Leon 
S p in k s m a k e th e i r p ro f e s s io n a l boxing debuts, along with tile 1o-round heavyw eight c la s h b e tw e e n v e te r a n s 
H oward Sm ith and Henry 
( lurk. In another segm ent, highlights cf the controver­ sial All-Norton fight will bt* featured. 

4 (Ch. 12) - ARC S WIDE 
WORLD OF SPORTS - To­ d ay ’s shew will feature live, exclu siv e c o v era g e of the 
I n t e r n a t io n a l T r a c k an d 
Field Cham pionships from th e Los A n g e le s S p o rts 
Arena iii Dis Angeles, and th** 
H a w a iia n 
M a s te r s 
S u r f in g 
C h a m p io n s h ip from the Banzai Pipeline iii 
Oahu. Hawaii. 
7 (Ch. 5) - THE MARY 
TYLER MOORE SHOW • 
Leu G rant is iii the middle to n ig h t. 
An old 
Arm y buddy, xx tin kepi Lou out of th e s to c k a d e , h as finally thought of a way Leu can r e p a y h im . He w a n ts to luke Mary out and Mary is willing. But Lou, knowing his friend’s Casanova repu ­ tation, is against it. 

7 (Ch. 4) - EMERGENCY! - 
“ Loose E n d s ," G age and 

8 (( h. .») - ALL IN THE 
FAMILY • A rchie su ffe rs trau m a and outrage at the disappearance of his chair. 

8 (Ch. I) NHC SATURDAY 
NIGHT AT THE MOV IES - 
"T h e Deadly T o w er.” (R ) 
K u rt 
R u s s e ll s t a r s a s 
C harles W hitman, a college student who created havoc at the University of Texas. 
W hitman sat in the univer­ sity’s tower and fired shots on the p anic-strick en peo­ ple below , k illin g 13 and wounding 33 people before he was killed by un Austin p o lic e m a n . R ic h a rd Y'ni- guez play s th e cop. Jo h n 
F o rsy th e and P e rn e ll Ro­ berts are featured. 

8 (Ch. 12) • ST ARSKY AND 
HUTCH - “ T he Psychic.*1 
The daughter of the owner of a p ro fessio n al football team is kidnapped, and the only h o pe S ta r s k y an d 
Hutch have of g ettin g her b ack s a fe is th r o u g h a questionable psychic. Allan 
M iller, H erb V oland and 
Cliff F tnm ick are guests 

8:39 (Cb. &) • ALICE - Alice is thkillcd when her young v isitin g cou sin is aid e to work tem porarily as a wai­ t r e s s at M e l’s c a f e , bu t when Mel falls head over heels in love with the girl, trouble starts. 
9 (C h. 4) • THE CAROL 
B l R N FTT SHOW - G len 
C am pbell is C aro l’s guest tonight, and he joins her in song and slap stick , jiurti- culurly C aro l’s version of 
"A Star Is Born."__________ 

6 

OO 
15 
3 o 
45 
7 

OO 
15 
.3o 
45 
8 

OO 
15 
3o 
45 
9 

OO 
15 
3o 
45 
IO ll 

OO l l 
■ 3o 
45 

All Arnut icon 

Football H ilitei 

C ircu i 

M u sic H all 
America 

TV 4 B ig N e w s 

W ild W ild 
W o rld of Anim als 

E m e rge n cy1 
Kevin Ttgbe 
Randolph 
M o n to o lh 

N B C Saturd ay 
N igh t al tire 

M o vie s 
The D e a d ly 

Infinity Factory 

R e b o p 

C a rra sco le n d a s 

Crockett s Victory 
G a rd e n 

Five String 
B reakd ow n 

C hust for 

Fancy 

W o r d on W o rd s 

G u p p ie s to 
G ro u p e rs 

N e w York 
Adventure" 
Johnny 
W eissm u ller 

B y-lin e 

M D 
Peptic Ulcers 

That G o o d O le 
N ashville M usic 

C B S Sports 
Sepctocular 

The G a rd e n S h o w 

C in e m a S h o w c a se 
Edith H e ad 

Eyew itness N e w s 
S y lva n Rodriguez 
C B S Evening 
N e w s 

H e e H a w with frosts 
Buck O w e n s a n d Roy Clark 

The M a ry Tyler 

M o o re Sh ow 
The Bob N e w harf 
S h o w 

Tower 
Kurt Russell 

Richard Y m g u e f 

TV 4 Big N e w s 
D a vid C ruz 
N B C s Satu rd ay 
Ntqht 

(1 2 o o ) la te S h o w 
The B o rgia 
Stick ’ 
D o n M u rra y 

All in The 
Fam ily 

Alice lin d a le vin 

The C oral 
Burnett S h o w 

Eyew itness N e w s 
S Rodriguez 
Star Trek 
W illiam Strainer 

 le o n a rd N im o y 
D e Forest Kelly 
Big Sh o w 

KSAT-TV 
© -A B C 

The Tom & Jerry/ 
R u m b ly S h o w 
Jabber(ow 

Scooby Doo/ 
DynomutJ Shaw 

The K/offt 
Su p e rsh o w 

Super Friends 

The O d d b a ll 
C o u p le 

Am erican 

B andstand 

KWK 
Q I —I-TV 
—Ind. 

C o n c e r n in g th e r e c e n t news ru m o r that Secretary of S ta te H e n ry K is s in g e r m ay be rep lacin g retirin g 
W illia m P a le y at CBS, 
“ ABC has not m ade him an o ffer,” 
Miss 
W alters quipped. 
ABC changes 
S o m e of th e s c h e d u le d 
ABC c h a n g es tak in g place within the next few w eeks in c lu d e “ F i s h . ” s t a r r i n g 
Abe V igoda and F lo re n c e 
Stanley. 
V igoda. who is now a p ­ pearing in “ B arney M iller" us D etectiv e F ish , m oves tilt' c h a ra c te r into his own vehicle. 
H o w e v e r,, he w ill n o t leave 
" B M " for good. 
T here will still be episodes in which he appears. 
Iii “ F i s h , ” V igoda a n d 
M iss S tanley tak e on five problem children in a fos­ te r home situation. 
Nancy Walker 
Nancy W alker began tins television season on ABC in the “ Nancy W alker Show.” 
It w as c a n c e le d by th e n e tw o r k a n d b e g in n i n g eh. 12, she return s in a n ­ o th e r s e r i e s . 
“ M rs. 
B lan sk y ’s B e a u tie s." T his is a h a lf - h o u r c o m e d y s e r ie s a b o u t L a s V e g a s showgirls. 
“ The F e a th e r and F ath er 
G a n g " is a n o th e r new co­ m ed y . B e g in n in g M ar. 7, he sh o w s t a r s S te fa n ie 
'ew ers and Harold Gould 
Gould s most recent s e r­ ges was CBS’ “ R hoda.” in w hich he p lay ed R h o d a ’s fath er. (M iss W a lk e r w as a ls o a m e m b e r of th e 
“ R h o d a ” c a st, a p p e a rin g as R hoda’s m other.) 
T hen th ere is “ Dog and 
C at,” with Loll Antonio and 
K im 
B r a s i n g e r ; 
“ T h e 
N an cy D re w /H a r d y Boys 
M y s t e r i e s ” a n d 
“ T h e 
B r a d y 
B u n c h 
V a r ie ty 
H our.” 

B A R B A R A W A L T E R S te a m s up w ith 
H arry R easoner on ABC 

Y ou’ll be re a d in g m o re a b o u t all of th e s e new s e r i e s l a t e r , a s w ell a s those from NBG and CBS. 

Meet the Press 
Charles L. Schultze, P re ­ sident-elect C a rte r’s choice for C hairm an of the Council of Economic Advisers, will be the guest on "M eet the 
P re s s” 
Sunday, Jan. 
16, when the p rog ram will re ­ 

 tu r n to its r e g u l a r ti m e p e r io d , 11:3o to 12 a . m . 
CST. 
Bill M o n ro e, e x e c u tiv e p r o d u c e r of “ M eet th e 
P re s s,” will be the m o d er­ ator. 
R e p o rte r s in te rv ie w in g 
S c h u ltz e w ill b e H o b a r t 
Rowen of T he W ashington 
P ost, G eorge F . Will, syn­ dicated colum nist, and Irv­ ing R. Levine of NBG News. 

O p in io n 

Com m unity Report 

Insight 

W ildlife 

Pro Bow lers 

Tour 

EL ( HARI LIN 
COLOR VIK) 
7:3o p.m., 
Ch. ll 

 l o V o z del 
Evo n ge lio 
El Sh o w 

 d e Cornuto 

Cornuto Jim enez 

C m e del 
S a b o d o 

N O V A 

The 
H o* Blooded 
Dinosaurs 

People and Id e a s 

Sch o o l Talk 

Firing line 
W illiam F 

Buckley, Jr 

Low ell Thom as 
Rem em bers 

The W a y It W a s 

Tom W o lfe s 

Los A ngeles 

P B S M ovie 
Theatre 
O c to b e r" 

So u n d s loge 

The W orld 

 o f John 
Hammond 
Monty Python s 
N e ve r on Su n d a y j Flying Circus 

A B C % W id e 
W o rld of Sp orts 

A B C Evening 

N e w s 

The law re n ce 
W e lk S h o w 

W o n d e r W o m a n ly n d a Carter 
Lyle W a g g o n e r 

(Part O n e ) 

Starsky & Hutch 

D a vid So u l 
P M G la se r 

M ost W a n te d 
Robert Stack 
Shelly N o y a c k 
Jo A n n H arris 

N e w sW a tc h 
G ra h a m Sm ith 
Superstar Cinem a 

Career 

•Iv h 
: 3o) 

Jornada de 
Terror" 

Enrique liza ld e 
Regina Tom e 

Squawk box 

I have stated that Jackie 
Gleason was the first actor to p lay R iley in the TV show, “ Life of Riley.” Ani I correct? —George 

* * ★ 

You a r e a b so lu te ly c o r ­ rect. Gleason played Riley in 1949. The series was re ­ vived in 1953 with the late 
William Bendix playing Ri­ ley. 

★ ★ ★ 

What was the name of the series Lee Marvin starred 
The Aces 
On Brid] 
Bv IRA c. coir 

Fanfarria 
Falcon 

S a l y 
Pim iento 
O sc a r Z am ora 

I uch a lib re 
(W restling) 

Las A ventu ras de Capultna 
Chesp irito 

Roberto Bolanos 

Lo Me|or de 

 los P d iv o ce s 

E d u a rd o M a n z a n o 
Enrique C u e n ca 

Box de M e x ic o 

1 2 .3 o ) Late M o v 

Y o u W e re 

M e an t for M e 

 ovie bas Invencibles 

(1 2 ) S ig n O H 

Hill rules vocational schools data is public 

AUSTIN 
(A P) 
- 
A 
Texas Rehabilitation Com ­ m issio n in v e s tig a tiv e repo rt on several private v o c a tio n a l scho ols is an open re c o rd u n d e r s ta te law, Atty. Gen. John Hill ruled Friday. 
Ile s a id , h o w ev e r, the co m m ission m u st cut out n am es and other in fo rm a­ tion th a t w ould id e n tify clients of the agency. 
Hill c h a s tis e d th e c o m ­ mission for taking too long 

 i i i follow ing p ro c e d u r e s laid dow n by th e open records act. 

Commissioner Jess Irwin requested Hill’s opinion un 
Oct. 2o hut did not enclose the letter from the person seeking the docum ent nor other inform ation needed by the attorney general to make a decision. Hill said. 

"We notified you of these deficiencies, and then more than a m onth and a half elapsed before we received your re s p o n s e ,” he said. 
"It is our view that this was a failure to request a deci­ sion w ithin a rea s o n a b le tune as reouired ” 

9 
(C h. 
12) 
• 
MOST 
WANTED • " T h e P ir a te .” with guest s ta rs ( hris Ro­ binson and C h ristin e B el­ ford. A g a n g d e a lin g in d ru g tr a ffic k in g tu r n s to p iracy , c a p tu r in g > ach ts, setting the victim s adrift at sea, and using the boats to transport their drugs. 

9 (C h. 9) . P B S MOY IE 
T H E A T R E - " O c t o b e r ” 
Sergei E ise n ste in ^ film is a dram atic account of “ Ten 
D ay s th a t 
S hook th e 
World.” the Russian Revo­ lution of 1917. T he histori­ cal d ra m a w as film ed on location in L eningrad and uses no professional actors, 

.18:31 (C h 
I) - NBC’S SA­ 
TU R D A Y 
NIGHT 
C onsum er advocate Ralph* 
Nader is the guest host and guitarist George Benson is the m usical guest. 

18:38 vCb. 12) • S U P E R 
STAR CINEMA 
"C a re e r,” sta rrin g Shirley Mac La I ne and Anthony K ranctosa. A man seeking to find him self and his career, learns that tragedy, frustration, disap­ pointm ent and soul-search­ ing a r e n e c e s s a r y to achieve success. (H) 

11:38 (Ch. 3) - BIG SHOW - 
“ N e v e r on 
S u n d a y ," sta rrin g M elina M ercouri and 
J u l e s 
D a ssin . 
An 
A m erican tourist attem p ts c u lt u r a l e d u c a tio n of a 
Greek prostitute. (R) 

“The more reasonable we are in our expectations, the fewer disappointm ents we will have in life.’’ — A. 
Nielen. 
Today’s West had to be very reasonable about his expec­ tations. The opposing bidding made it clear that partner d idn t have much. So, not only did he have to find the killing opening lead, he also had to stay alert to press the advantage 
This interesting no trump game was played twice in a recent team match and both 
Souths reached the no trump game with South showing a very strong hand. 
The first West led the unbid suit hoping to find partner w ith s o m e l e n g t h a n d strength in hearts. Declarer won the king, led a club to dummy s queen and made the contract easily and without even drawing a deep breath 
W h e n t h e han*d w a s replayed, the bidding told 
West that it was unreasona­ ble to expect East to con­ t r i b u t e an y h ig h c a r d s towards the common defense 
So instead of high cards, West played tor East to have a lit­ tle something in spades and he chose the lead of the spade king as the best chance for 
Ins side 
Declarer won the spade king with the ace (East play­ ing the nine) and declarer immediately led a low club to dummy. Now it was time for 
West to stay alert. Had he ducked the club ace. dum­ my’s queen would have won and declarer would quickly wrap up seven more tricks in the red suits to score a game. 
However. West had not hosen lo attack spades with­ out a good reason West knew who had the club king and 
East s nine of spades kept him on the right track, Up went (he club ace and down 

MOUTH 
M SA 
4 1o 7 85 
: 
8 7 3 
K QU 
4 Q 96 
WEST 
EAST 
♦ K Q 
J 
4 J 9 I 4 2 
J 
Q 9 5 
4 J IO 6 4 
8 5 2 
4 7 3 
4 A IO 7 3 
4 I 2 
SOUTH 
4 A 
A K 2 
A J IO 6 4 
4 K 8 5 4 
: 

V ulnerable: 
E ast-W est. 
Dealer. South, The bidding. 

South 
IO 
34 
3 N T 

West 
Pass 
Pass 
Pass 

North 
I * 
3 4 
Pass 

East 
Pass 
Pass 
Pass 
Opening spades. lead: King of 

 came the spade queen. When declarer discarded, the show was over and another spade lead gave East three spade tricks and the gam e was down one. 
Sometimes it pays to lead a suit bid by the opponents To determ ine when it s best. listen to the bidding and be reasonable in your expecta­ tions and occasionally your sweetest dreams will come true. 
Bid with Corn 
South holds: 

 in? What was the character 
Ben Alexander played in a popular TV sh o w ? Who sta rred in the s e r i e s , 
“ Wanted, Dead or Alive” ? 
- M r s . V B. 

M a r v in w a s in 
“ M 
S q u a d .” A lexander played 
F rank Smith in “ D rag n et.” 
And Steve McQueen was an unknown w hen he s ta rre d in 
“ W a n te d , 
D ead o r 
Alive.” 

* i t i t 

Is D em on d W ilson of 
“ Sanford and 
S o n " married? —C.G. 

Yes, Demond is m a rrie d and he and his wife Cicely have a 2-year-old d au gh ter. 
Nicole. 

When did the series "Get 
Smart” first appear on TV? 
How can I write stars Don 
A d a m s and 
B arb ara 
Feldon? —Jennifer 

The popular series began on NBG in 1965. Y our best b et is to w r it e D on a n d 
B a r b a r a in c a r e of th e 
Screen A ctors G uild, 775o 
Sunset Blvd., Los Angeles, 
Calif. 9oo46. 

 i t i t ir 

What y ear did M arilyn 
Monroe die and what was her final picture? —Barry 

Marilyn died on August 5, 
1962. H er fin al film w a s 
"T h e M isfits,” released th e. y e a r before. Iro n ically , it was also C lark G able’s final film. He died of a h eart at­ tack shortly a fter co m plet­ ing it. 

 i t i t i t 

Is M argaret Rutherford still a liv e ? If so , w here could I write her? —Lance 

M iss R u t h e r f o r d , th e m a r v e lo u s B r it is h c h a r ­ acter actress, died several years ago. 

4 J 98 4 2 
I 15 B 
: 

J 1o 6 4 
73 
4J2 

North South 
2* 
? 
Answer: Four spades Th** direct jump to game over a demand two bid shows four or more trumps and no aces. kings or single!ons. 

C harles Dickens’ favorite child, David Copper­ field ( Jonathan Kahn), begins his fam ous a d ­ ventures on Once Upon a Classic, 9 a.m., Ch. 9 

New ferry plans told 

AUSTIN (A P ) - Plans to loosen the su m m e rtim e tra f­ fic bottlenecks at the Port 
A r a n s a s fe rry w e re a n ­ n o u n c ed F r id a y by th e 
Texas D epartm ent of High­ ways and Public T ran spo r­ tation. 

It said it will lake bids 
Ja n 2o to build the hull for a new ferry bo at an d on 
J a n . 26 to c o n s tr u c t two additional ferry landings. 

The departm ent e stim a t­ ed the two landings will be fin ish e d w ith in 6o d a y s after the contract is award-* cd. It said it e x a c t s to have the new ferry in operation by late sum m er. 

Addition of the new ferry sh o u ld 
" s i g n i f i c a n t l y reduce waiting time, which often has been as much us 
6o 9o minutes, and will im ­ prove the overall efficiency of the ferry operation,” the d e p a r t m e n t s a id . 

WORDS OF 
CHAMPIONS 

Spelling Bee practice bookie lh are now available lo student* planning lo participate in the San Antonio 
News Spelling Bee on April 3o 
These are typical words used in the Bee all over the country 

Private public and parochial schools rn Bexar, 
Kendall, Comal. Kerr, 
(Bandera, Medina. Frio, 
Atascosa, Wilson Guadalupe. 
McMullen, Zavala, Dimmit and1 
Val Verde counties are eligible 
Information can be obtained by writing Spelling Bee Editor vSan 
Antonio News. PO Box 2171, 
San Antonio Texas 78297 

Pleute .en d int the Spelling Bee practice bookie* Word* al 
Champions 
Enclosed ut bo cento in cash, money order or check 

ZIP 
., I, 

Mail this coupon today lo Spelling Bee Son Antonio New* P O. Box 2171 
San Antonio, Texas 78297 

Nitrites in foods defended 

San Antonio EXPRESS-NSWS—-Saturday January 15 1977 

C O M P IL E D F R O M w i r e SER V IC E S 

W ASHINGTON - Fond additives known as nitrites, which have been linked to 

 cancer, have not been re­ moved from the market because people might got botulism without the use of 

4'apital l*unit«hm«»nl 
B allot 

I . Capitol punishment should be: 

ABOLISHED: □ 
RESTORED . □ 

I 
2. 
Executions should be televised and photographs should also run in the newspapers: 

YES: □ 
N O : 
□ 

3. COM M ENTS: 

 i . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . i 
I 
Please complete this ballot and mail to EXECUTIO NS, 
C /O San Antonio Express-News, P.O . Box 2171, . ii 
San Antonio, TX 78297, before midnight Feb. I, i 
I 
1977. 

 nitrites, the 
Apiculture 
Department said Friday 
However, a leading cancer researcher eriti vim ] the government for not acting against nitrites in other testimony to the 
Senate Sm all 
Business 
Committee 
Tile dispute concerns a group of good additives used to color and preserve cured meat, including ba con and ham. 
Harry C. Mussman. a de­ partment official, said the major benefit to use of iii trites is that they inhibit growth of the bacteria that cause botulism, a severe and often fatal of food poisoning 

New d eco n tro l bill in tro duced 

WASHINGTON - Sens 
Lloyd Bentsen, D-Tev, and 
James B. Pearson, H-Kan . launched a new try Friday at deregulating the price of natural gas. 
The two senators, leaders in last year's unsuccessful effort in Congress to lift the price controls, introduced a bill that would deregulate all onshore gas produced since the first of the year 
The new Bentsen-Pear son measure would also 

 i 
*< vv 
NATIONAL 
DIGEST 

 gradually remove price controls from newly pro­ duced gas from off-shore wells And it would allow emergency sales between pipelines to offset severe shortages in gas-short re­ gions of the country 
Pact reached iii lin tel s trik e 

M IAM I BEAC H , Flu - 
Union workers at nine re­ sort hotels unanimously approved a contract late 
Friday, ending a walkout that began Christmas Day at the peak of the South 
Florida tourist season. 
The contract provides for increased pay, better bene­ fits and guaranteed tips It also allows all strikers to return to work. 
J ii r> lieu rh com plete 

TUCSON. Ari/ - What should be the final day of jury selection in the trial for a man charged with 

 killing newspaper reporter 
Don Holies is scheduled 
Saturday after a one-da.v delay 
Superior Court Judge 
Ben C Birdsall ended the selection process early 
Thursday and announced he had a fever Later, after seeing a doctor. Birdsall said he had a cold and would take Friday off 
JVI I* accused iii *lu>iiig* 

FT 
LEO N A RD WOOD 
Mo. — An Army mtlttarv policeman was accused 
F rid a y in the midnight m assacre of two high school boys and a girl who were shot to death and buried under a snowdrift in a desolate corner of Ft 
Leonard Wood. 
Spec 
4 
Johnny 
Lee 
Thornton, ‘ill. of Russell 
Ville, Ark . was arraigned before the U S' magistrate at Springfield. Mo., on a federal charge of murder on a government reserva 
Hon. 
The F B I said agents ob tamed directions to the scene of the killings from a survivor of the slayings. 
19-year-old Juanita Deck ant, who had been wounded and left for dead by the slayer. 

 v , * 
........... J w H 
H ' v lf I ■>-..> 
' v - M 
,,V 
. 

Hg H v y 
WENDY YOSHIMURA waiting 
CIA mail openers go free 

W ASHINGTON (At*) - rile Ju stice Department said Friday it will not pro­ secute CIA employes who took part in a secret pro­ gram of opening overseas mail from 1953 to 1973. 
The department said that after a lengthy investiga­ tion it concluded that it is unlikely convictions could be obtained if charges were brought. 

Yoshimura jury quits for weekend 

OAKLAND. Calif (Al*) - Wendy Yosbim ura’s jury spent nearly an hour Friday listening to tile rereading of testimony about tin' day she rented a g a ra g e where police later found an arsenal of illegal weapons and explosives. 
Tile eight-woman, four-man jury. i i i its second day ol deliberations, asked to rehear tho testimony of Michael 
Grabianowski the apartment manager who rented tin* 
Berkeley garage in 1971 as a place to store personal belongings l'he jurors made the request after reviewing for several hours a huge stuck of evidence including a diary Miss 
Yoshimura kepi while hiding out with Patricia Hears!. 
Jurors also asked to rehear portions of the final i i i st ructions from Alameda County Superior Court Judge 
Martin Bultell dealing with circumstantial evidence and the legal definition of conspiracy 
The jury deliberated Ii12 hours Friday, ordering lunch brought in. without reaching a verdict At midafternoon the panel adjourned until Mondav 
Miss Yoshimura. 33. was charged with possessing an explosive a machine gun. materials with tile intent to make a destructive device, and an explosive w itll intent to harm people or destroy property The stiffest sentence she could receive if convicted is five years to life in prison 
Tile panel s request for Grabianowski’s testimony was considered unusual because It was not in dispute. The witness never identified Miss Yoshimura, but said sin* looked “ similar" to the woman who rented tho garage. 

Cold 
Worm 

Shower* Stationary Occluded 
;«««<« 

I r* m p p r o t u r n s 

 o r e o v e r a g e 

 tor ar ca 

Data from 
NATIONAL WI ATHER SfRVICE 
NO AA U S Dept of Commerce 

SAN ANTO NIO AND V IC IN IT Y — 
Portly cloudy with cold nights and cool afternoons through Sunday 
Low temperatures In the upper 3os 
High-, neor 6o Northerly winds 5 to 
IO mph Sun rises at 7.3o and sets at 5:57 Moon is in the lost quarter 
Moon rises ol 3 76 o rn. and sets of 
2:76 p.m. T em p eratu re s f r id a y ranged from 42 to 55 degrees (Na tiongl Weather Service forecast ) 
R E L A T IV E H U M ID IT Y - 65 per cent as Of 6 p rn. f ridgy 
P R E C IP IT A T IO N - Total rainfall tor the 24 hour period ending al 6 p.m. frid a y. .o3 of an inch. for the month. 
1.17 inches, tor the veor 
I 17 inches. Accumulated departure 
♦rom normal tor the month, plus .5o of an inch; tor the year plus .5o of on inch 
NORTH T E X A S * fa ir with cool nights and mild afternoons through 
Sunday 
SOUTH T E X A S — Portly cloudy with a chonce of light drizzle or rain through Sunday. 
W EST T E X A S — Clear grid cool through Sunday. 
NATIO NAL — Snow will tall from 
New England through the lower 
Great Lakes, the Ohio Valley and the central Appalachians. Ruin will cover the Carolinas and the coastal plains of V irg in ia through New 
Jersey. Snow flurries will dot the upper Great Lakes and snow will reo ch fro m n o rth e rn C o lo ra d o across the northern Rockies god idaho Rain or showers will dampen 
Washington 
Elsewhere. except tor cloudy skies In the mid Mississippi 
Valley and the southern Appola 
Chians and sunny skies iii the 
Southwest, partly cloudy conditions will dominate 
It wilt tie very cold from the upper Great Lases across the northern Plains. It wilt Pe cold iii Maine. Seasonable temperatures will dominate elsewhere. 
M A R IN E 
W IN D S — Northerly winds 12 lo 
17 mph 
Seas two to tour (cpl in creasing Saturday night 
T ID ES — Port Aransas tor Sun day 
Highs ut I o9 p m and IO 13 p.m. Lows at 5:47 a m and 6 32 p m Port Isabel tor Sunday 
Highs at 3 o3 p m and 11:12 p.m. Lows al 
6 46 a rn. and 7:71 p m. 
T E M P E R A T U R E E X T R E M E S 
Low. 77 degrees below ztno at 
Houlton, Maine. 
High. 8o degrees at Ft 
Myers, 
Eta 
G R E A T E R SAN ANTONIO 
Sun Antonio 
4? 
SS 
.WI 
SO UTH T E X A S 

Clearing to continue 

ASSOCIATED PRESS 
A slow clearing trend continued to move across 't exas 
Friday with northerly winds lifting the fog that had moved 
Into tile eastern part of tin* slate. 
Cloudy skies still extended from near Wichita Falls to 
Sail Angelo to the Lower Rio Grande Valley. 
The dry northerly winds were bringing some coolness to the southern portions. 
Temperatures ranged from 37 at Abilene to 5H at Del 
Rio. 
The National Weather Service said clouds would con­ tinue to clear over the eastern part of the state with clear to partly cloudy skies expected Saturday over most of 
Texas 

SAN ANTO NIO 
P R E C IP IT A T IO N 
1977 
1974 
Ave 
R«c 
JOI) 
I IT 
o 56 
’ .7* 
8 .3? 
|976 
1*7$ 
Avo. 
Rec 
Feb 
o 13 
J 3o 
'.64 
7.88 
Mar 
I 7o 
o 5? 
1.67 
4.19 
Apr 
5 67 
7.39 i n ti 64 
7/ay 
5 8o 
6 91 
3 45 
14 o7 
JUD 
1.61 
4,6o 
2 95 
IO 44 
Ju ly 
5 39 
o 44 t 69 
B 18 
Aug. 
2o9 
1.2 2 
236 
I).14 
Sept. 
3.79 
o.51 
4.59 
15.78 
Oct 
838 
2.25 
2.3o 
9 56 
Nay 
? 46 
OOI 
1 37 
6 79 
Din 
I 93 
I 48 
I 75 
6 l l 

Buffalo 
19 
26 
.o8 
Cleveland 
19 
78 
12 
Columbus 
74 
3o 
.78 
Nev* York City 
19 
77 
.13 
Philadelphia 
19 
78 
.31 
Pittsburgh 
18 
3o 
.16 
Portland, Me 
OI 
13 
OS 
Washington 
25 
33 
21 

SO U TH EA ST 

Austin 
Btownsvtile 
Corpus Christi 
Cotulla 
Del Rio 
Junction 
Vie IQI IO 

Abilene 
Alpine 
Amarillo 
11 Paso 
E ort Worth 
Houston 
Lubbock 
I alk in 
Son Angelo 
Waco 

33 
54 
3o 
41 
J* 
JS 
44 

T E X A S 

34 
79 
7o 
28 

31 
39 
SO U TH W EST 
I/ 

49 

44 
Denver 
Honolulu 
Los Angeles 
Los Vegas 
Phoenix bult I uke City bun Diego 
49 
63 
SO UTH C E N T R A L 
Kansas City 
2o 
74 
Louisville it 
3o 
Memphis 
33 
4o 
Oklahoma City 
37 
47 bt. Louis 
? ' 
31 
W ic tiita id_____ 44 

25 

OI 
OU 
o3 
OO 
OO 
OO 
o7 

OO 
OO 
OO 
OO 
OO 
OO 
OOit 
OO 
OO 

OO 

'3o 
OO 
OO 
OO 
OO 

oo 
o1 
o? 
OO 

Atlanta 
JO 
37 
Birmingham 
4o 
47 
Charleston 
JO 
35 
Jacksonville 
48 
Ii 
New Or leans 
54 
63 
Roleiuh n 
33 
Rn hmonU 
IO 
33 
T umpu 
59 
74 
N O R T H W EST 
Bismarck lo 
o8 
Boise 
21 
39 
Casper 
14 
33 
Helena 
13 
35 
Portland. Ore 
33 i i 
Rapid Lily 
1/ 
'79 
San francisco 
44 
54 p a ttie 
41 
51 
Spokane 
24 
31 
NO RTH C E N T R A L 
Chicago 
13 
JI 
Detroit 
19 
78 
Duluth 
1/ 
o7 
Indianapolis 
24 
79 
Milwaukee 
o3 
14 
Minn St Pool 
14 
o6 
Omaha 
16 
35 
Sit Ste Marie 
o5 ll 
N O R T H EA ST 
Boston 
16 
76 

57 
79 
3o 
58 
1.49 
.49 
49 
OO 

o7 
OO 
OO 
OO 
OO 
o3oo 
.o6 
.o3 
o1 
,o2 
o4 
OI 
OO 
o4 
.oo 
.o3 

T E X A S W E A T H E R 
F O R E C A ST 

C ITY 
T E M P E R A T U R E 

Sat. 
Sun 

Amorino 
18 43 18 37 
Cteur. CUO* 
Austin 
46 3V 36 57 
Poi tty c loudv. cool 
Lui eau 
42 63 3' 63 
Portly i loud v, coal 
Coroa* Christi 
44 39 4159 
Partly cloudy, cool 
Victoria 
48 36 37 38 
Partly cloudy, cool 
Dollus Ft Worth 
2/ 52 28 4/ fa ir . cool 
McAllen Brownsville 
46 67 43 63 
Cloudy, cool 
Houston 
37 37 37 38 
Portly cloudy, cool 

F O R E IG N 
Based on observations compiled ut 6 a m. Friday bun Antonio time. 
Tem peratures ore in Fahren heit 
(left) and Centigrade (right). 
Aberdeen 
Amsterdam 
Ankara 
Antigua 
Athens 
Auckland 
Bertin 
Beirut 
Birmingham 
Bonn 
Brussels 
( airo 
Cosh bianco 
( openhugen 
Dublin 
Geneva 
Mona Kong 
I isbon 
London 
Mudr id 
Mulla 
Manila 
Most ow 
New Delhi 
Nice 
Oslo 
P an s 
Peking 
Rome 
Saigon 
Seoul 
Sot iu 
Sloe s holm 
Sydney 
Taipei 
Teheran 
T il Aylv 
Tokyo 
Tunis 
Vienna 
Warsaw 
SO UTH A M ER IC A 
Asuncion 
Buenos Arras 
L ima 
Mont** video 
Rio De Juneio 

M EX IC O 
(Mexican temperatures appeal in buhl Fahrenheit and Centigrade or 
Celsius Fuhrer each colum n.) 
Acapulco 
Guadoiaiur a 
Mu/atfan 
Mexico City 
Monterrey 

36 
o2 
3/ 
o3 
3o 
OI 
77 
75 
59 
IS 
61 
16 
32 
OO 
63 
17 
36 
o7 
11 
o3 i9 
o4 
61 
16 
61 
16 
32 
OO 
36 
o7 
36 
o7 
57 
It bt t I 
36 
o7 
57 
It 
59 
15 ti 
25 
18 
o8 
64 
18 
41 
o5 
78 
o7 
41 
o5 
23 
o5 
5o to 
79 
26 
19 
o/ 
34 ut 
78 o } 
75 
74 
55 
13 
JO 
OI 
66 
19 
36 
o2 bt 
14 
36 
OI 
36 
o2 

Si l l 
75 
74 
73 
73 
75 
74 

IS hsieii first in 

75 74 
91 13 
46 o8 t i 
73 
5V IS l l 
25 
54 'I? 
68 7o 
44 o7 
59 15 

Country Style 

IT S A MEAL! 
•I" 

You get 2 juicy ribs. 

Cole slaw, baked beans and roll. 

SALE ENDS JAN 16 
K«ntuAij fried (JkicktH 

Oiler (l')U(t i<> bun Antonio .mil UnivtMb.ll Lily 

VOTE NO 

VOTE NO 

VOTE NO 

VOTE NO 

TO 1o-1 DISTRICTING. (Proposition#!) 
1o-1 Districting, with a councilman elected by voters in each of IO districts plus a mayor elected at large, will tear our city apart. Ten councilmen working independently for the good of their own neighborhoods, and accountable only to their own constituents, can only lead to chaos. “Trade­ offs” on pet projects will be the rule rather than the exception with nobody working for the betterment of San Antonio as a whole. 

TO C.O.P.S. CONTROL 
OF SAN ANTONIO 
According to an article in a recent issue of “ Texas Observer,” the C.O.P.S. organization hopes to take over at least six, and as many as eight of the ten districts. Is C.O.P.S. the kind of representation you want to control the city council? 

TO WARD POLITICS 
Cities like Newark, Gary, and East St. Louis now face economic disaster because of ward politics — the kind of politics Proposition I will bring to 
San Antonio. Our city had its own ward system prior to 1952 when voters decided to turn decay into progress with the present form of city government. Why take a giant step backwards to I 952? 

TO JUSTICE DEPARTMENT 
BUREAUCRATS 
The 1o-1 Districting plan was designed to appease Justice Department bureaucrats who arbitrarily felt that San Antonio was discriminating by elec­ ting its council members at-large. It was devised by a group of easterners for an eastern foundation, none of whom have a stake in San Antonio or its future. Two years ago, San Antonio turned down a similar districting plan. 
Should we allow outsiders to threaten us into adopting such a plan now? 
We think notl 

TO TAXATION 
WITHOUT REPRESENTATION 
Under the districting or ward system, costs of city government soar. Tax monies are spent largely in each councilman’s special district with little left over for the benefit of the city as a whole. There would be ten councilmen instead of eight; and with the present trend toward full-time participation, members will be asking for full-time salaries, or at least increases. Included will be offices and staffs and larger expense accounts. Districting pro­ ponents say that, under the plan, any person of modest means con become a council member. This could only be true at the expense of the member’s present employer, of being but a part-time member, or by receiving a full­ time city salary at great expense to the taxpayers 

TO THE CITY HALL "BOONDOGGLE” 
(Proposition # 2 ) asks that you pay two years's city taxes in 1977: your 
1976 taxes as usual, plus your 1977 taxes, lf you’re making mortgage payments on your home with taxes included, this means your monthly pay­ ments will rise to take care of the additional burden, lf you rent, your landlord will be forced to increase your payments in order to pay his doubl­ ed taxes. In 1978, and thereafter, you will be paying your city taxes in ad­ vance. 

VOTE NO TO PROPOSITIONS I AND 2, SATURDAY, JANUARY I 5 

Paid for by Texans for Freedom , 9 1 o San Pedro Ave.* San Antonio, Texas 7 8 2 1 2 . O felia Trujillo* 
Chairman; Curtis Bell, Treasurer; M uriel Lamb, Secretary. 

VOTE NO 

VOTE NO 

San Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— Saturday January 15 1977 

D O W JONES INDUSTRIAL AVERAGE; N Y S E INDEX 
JU 
N.Y.S.E. INOEX 
IX ru/ 
WI 
V 
SC Al I ON LCFJ 
Ar* 
A 
.. \ 
/ 
V. 
----_/Li.------ 

\ / \ A 
* r 
V 
....AkImM 
™V\J 

■ J 
- 
■ 
M arket hesitant over m oney, credit figures 

EXPRESS-NEWS ANALYSIS 

MONDAY — The market opened with a modest Main, fell to about even by noon and then moved ahead to close at its best reading of the day. The Dow Jones 
In d u s tria l A verage rose 
3.74. Best gainers were m otor and paper stocks, w ith some retails, movies, oil and rubber stocks also im proving, while coppers, electronics and savings and loans fell back. 
TUESDAY 
- A fter a modest opening gain, the 
Dow had fallen to a loss of about fo u r points when news came that Foreign 
M inister Fuhmi said Egypt is ready to go to war if 
Geneva peace talks w ith 
Is ra e l fa il. 
T h e re a fte r selling broadened and the 
IIJ I A closed off 1(1.22, with 
2R of its components losing against tw o g a in e rs 
(American Can and Dillon 
Carbide, each up 1/8 of a point). The market ignored a Commerce Department e s tim a te that business spending in 1977 w ould jum p ll 3 per cent over 
1976. 

WEDNESDAY 
- Good news of a drop in unem­ ployment to 7.9 per cent in 
Decem ber from 8.1 per cent in N ovem ber was outweighed by the in fla ­ tionary Im plications of a jum p of o.9 per cent in wholesale prices. The re­ sult was a broad decline in the general m arket, where about 
1,1oo issues fe ll against about 4oo advances. 
The D.IIA closed off 8.4o. 

THURSDAY 
- A fter a drop (tf 18 62 in the DJIA iii two days, the m a rke t turned upward on bargain hunting The Dow closed up 
7 9o. Domestic oil stocks dominated trading on both the New York and A m eri­ can Exchanges. On the 
NYSE, six of the 15 most actives were oils, all up, and on tin* AM EX 9 out of the III most actives were also oils, all up. A fter the close, the Federal Reserve re p o rte d m oney su p p ly rose $2 b illio n and New 
York loan demand was off 
1.26 billion 

FRIDAY 
- The Dow 
Industrials, down through­ out the session, closed off 
3 99 The general m arket, however, performed much better, with the NYSE in­ dex of all common stocks off only o.o3 and with ad­ vances leading declines by about four to three Allied 
Chemical, one of the com­ ponents of the Dow. posted a new yearly high of 46 %. 

SUMMARY - Moves in both directions brought a net decline on the week, and the Dow showed a loss of 32 % points for the first two weeks of 1977. Buying emphasis turned from the blue chips to secondary issues, w ith domestic oil and gas stocks showing gains in heavy trading. 

RANGE 
— 
High was made Tuesday at 991 ll 
Low was made Wednesday at 
962.52. 
('lose, 
Friday, 
972 16 
Loss on the week, 
16 97. Volume, all shares traded on the NYSE, 116.56 m illion shares. 

ANALYSIS BY CHABLIS E CARDIN 
Potatoes advance; coffee is erratic 

An imbalance of potato p ro d u c tio n betw een the 
W est, w here the ch ie f grow ing states of Idaho. 
W ashington and Oregon have expanded th e ir out­ put, and the Eastern Sea­ board. where progressively less has been produced during the last few years, has created a dual market w ith significant price d if­ ferentials. 

By way of illustration, the inventory in Maine was re­ cently reported by the De­ partment of A griculture at its lowest level in recent history due to the effects of decreased p la n tin g and poor weather e a rlie r this year and a trem endous upswing in sales to other nations 

Meanwhile, the national stocks level was indicated at record due to the bumper harvests of the western ar- 

COMMODITY 
REPORT burnished bv Gerald S. 
Cohn, vice president. sales division. San An­ tonio offiee. Bache Hat- sev Stuart lur. 

(■as and those figures have kept a lid on prices there while EGB quotations for 
Maine spuds have been ris ­ ing steadily over the last three weeks and were quot­ ed this week ut 5.54) per KH) 
I MIU lids 

The price structure for futu re d e live ry has also rise n , re a c h in g alm ost 
IM M) per BMI pounds for 
May shipment. 

The extremely low level of supplies is expected to give that m arket a firm undertone durin g the ba­ lance of the winter. 

The effects of the boycott threat on coffee prices were sharp but short-lived, and 

 iii e rra tic d ealing s th is vv(‘ck prices recovered dra­ m a tic a lly in the futures m arket as quotations re­ bounded over fifteen cents per pound to about 2.24 for 
May delivery. 

NEW YORK 
(AFO 
- 
Prices were m ixed in the stock m arket F rid a y, g iv ­ ing a hesitant response to the latest money-andcredit figures from the Federal 
Reserve. 
The Dow Jones average of 3o in d u s tria l stocks slipped 
3.99 to 972.16, stretching its loss for the week to 1o.97 points. 
The w id e ly recognized average has fallen 32.49 in the twit weeks since New 
Year's. 
G ainers led losers by about a 4-3 m argin at the dose of the New York Stock 
Exchange. 
B ig 
Board volum e reached 
24.48 m illio n shares, against 24.78 m il­ lion on Thursday. 
Weekly statistics issued after Thursday’s close by the 
F ederal 
Reserve showed a sharp rise in the nation’s money supply. 
Analysts 

A nalysts said some in ­ vestors were concerned that that trend m ight con­ tinue. possibly discourag­ ing the Fed from staying w ith the re la tiv e ly easy credit policy it has pursued of late. 
F orecasting in te re s t rates has proved to lie a chancy p ro p o sitio n . The decline in rates late last year caught many analysts by surprise. 
N evertheless, the Fed figures seemed to lie en­ ough to cool down the buy­ ing interest that sparked 
Thursday’s technical rally, in which the Dow gained 
7.9o jioints. 
Oil and gas stocks, the b rig h te s t p e rfo rm e rs on 
Thursday, remained active 
Friday, hut some of them ran into profit taking. 
At the NYSE close O c­ cidental Petroleum showed a gain of % to 25*4 and 
Amerada Mess was up % at 
34%, but Texas In te rn a ­ tional was off % to 1o% and 
A tla n tic 
R ic h fie ld was unchanged at 55% 
Leader 
D im out, the B ig Board volume leader, climbed 1% to 16% in trading marked by a 45o.2oo-share block at 
15%. 
Late iii the day the com­ pany, a producer of p rin t­ ing inks and che m ica l coatings, said the block had been bought by Esmark. 
E sm a rk. the fo rm e r 
Swift & Go., eased a frae- 

The Fed figures seem ed In he enough to cool down the buying interest that sp arked Thursday's technical rally 

 tion. 
IBM was uunchanged al 
27o%. A n a lysts said the company’s report that its fo u rth q u a rte r earnings, rose to $4.47 a share from 
$3.94 in the year earlier' period jibed with advance 
Wall Street estimates. 

B oeing, w hich got a 
$273.2 m illio n Navy con­ tra ct for h ydrofoil patrol ships, gained 1% to 41%. 
Gainers 

Pacific Tin Consolidated led 
NYSE percentage gainers fo r the second 

 straight day, jum ping 2% to 15 after a surge in tin prices in London. 
Grand Union vaulted 3% to 19%. The American sub­ sidiary of B rita in ’s Caven- ham Ltd. said it was con­ sidering a merger with the company. 
_____ 

Standard & Poor's index of 4oo industrials lost .28 to 
115.42, and S&P’s 5oo-stock composite index was down 
.19 at 1o4.o1. 
The N YSE’s com posite index eased .o3 to 56.36. 
The American Stock Ex­ change market value index, on the other hand, rose .55 to 11.15. and the NASDAQ com posite index fo r the over-the-cou nter m a rk e t picked up .36 to 97.2o.______ 

 r 
LOCAL STOCKS 

O II 
14i*i W el k 
I Iii* Week 

.........../ 

M i 
Hid 
UK 
Itirl 
V-k 
( bullae 
A mer Sec L ife ............. 
•»l , 
3' i 
Bexar (J*. Bk.............. ___ :u 
— 
34 
__ 

<iafclcria* I n c ............. . . 1o% 
2o' .* 
2o% 
21% 
Up 1% 
D u tu p o in t.................... . . 2o1 > 
JO1 I 
28% 
2o dn 1% 
Fore*! O i l .................... . . 22% 
23% 
22% 
22% 
(111 % 
Fro*! Hunk < u»rp . . . . . . 
2o 
•vt 
2o 
22 
(m il Eliergv ............... . . . O' i 
III' I 
11% 
12% up 2 
Mere of Tx ( t m iiiii . . .. 25' * 
2o' i 
2o% 
2o% up % 
M en of I x Bld 
. . 
o3 
(ll 
o3% 
o1% up I 

I llx nipiu Bren . . . . . . .. r»o' j 
51 % 
52' i 
53% up 2 
N IM of I (‘XU *............. . . . :r> 
37 
T i 
.37 
S ignor < o r p ............... 
12 
12% 
I I Ti 
12' M du % 
NX in n * ........................... . . |H% 
IO' > 
18% 
19% 

B O A 
141.1 lilt* 
Net 
VV eek 
W eek 
I ilcillU* 
Gonrov h ie................... 
. . 
1% 
1% up % r o \-M a n le \ Photo . . 
. . IO H 
o% dn 1% 
Howell ( orp................ 
. IK' * 
18% up % 
IJJ M o to r l im * .......... 
o% 
o ii up % 

 x w ; 

(J ill re b * < h ic k .......... 
33' i 
.In 1% 
H u rte -llu n k i*................ 
. . 
2o 
28' i 
(Iii % 
TeM iro P et...................... 
. . K i'i 
17% up I 

MI ll VI M M i' 

I S \ \ ( up Growth .. 
. H.O’j 
7.'Hi du .OO 
I ’SA A In c o m e .............. 
. 11.o7 
11 .OO 
(iii .o1 
United Service*. 
. . I 42 
1.4o dn .o2 

Pound shows advance 

LONDON (A P ) - The pound im proved against the d o lla r in 
London 
F rid a y , hut the d o lla r edged up in other European cu rre n cy m arke ts. Gold prices eased at London and 
Zurich. Europe's main bul­ lion centers. 

The pound closed in Lon­ don at $1.7112, up from 
T h ursday’s $1.71o5 am id continuing sentiment that sterling now is in a health­ ier position than for some time. 
The dollar went ahead at 
P aris to 4 986o fra n cs, against Thursday's 4 98o5 francs It advanced at Zu­ rich to 2 4917 Swiss francs, from T h u rs d a y ’s 2 485o 
Swiss Francs. The dollar closed in A m sterdam at 
2.511o g u ild e rs , against 
2 4995 Thursday. The Milan rate was 878 lire to the dol­ la r, up from T hursday's 
876 3o. 
Gold prices eased in Lon­ don to $13! 625 an ounce, against 
T h u rs d a y ’s 
$132 125, and in Zurich to 
$131 375 against Thursday’s 
$132,375 

Stock-Up 
Sale 
1o% to 5o% Off 
Selected Items 

Our January Stock-up Sale features big price reductions on selected merchandise. Stock up on black finished bent­ wood, lighting, baskets, contemporary seating, wall units and more. It s the time for big savings on many groups of merchandise as well as one-of-a-kind floor samples. Quan­ tities are limited. 

Sale Ends Jan uary 22 
M aster Charge, BankA m ericard or Revolving Charge Plan 
D elivery fee on a ll sale m erchandise — S to .o o storehouse 

6547 San Pedro at the corner of Jackson Keller (in Village Plaza) tel. 341-2281. 

V O TE 
SATURDAY, JANUARY 15TH 
Walter W. McAllister, III 

SAN ANTONIO RIVER AUTHORITY PLACE I 

ALL BEXAR COUNTY RESIDENTS ELIGIBLE TO VOTE 

The San A n to n io River 
Authority is becoming more and more a critical area of local government. It controls the whole Can Antonio River from Brackenridge Park to the Gulf. It is vitally con­ cerned with conservation, pollution control and the beauty of this water r e ­ source. The proper manage­ ment of this beautiful asset can have a significant effect on our local economy. 

QUALIFICATIONS 

Age 3 4 —Married, 
2 Children —Grad­ uate University of 
Texas 1963, B.B.A, cum laude, Presi­ dent of San Anto­ nio Savings Asso­ c ia tio n , M e m b e r 
First Presbyterian 
Church. 

Ho I i I h.«I advert la m e n t paid (or | )V lix m d i cit W ul.Hr VV M l A lis ie r , III 
H I S»oleu id 

 f-faaVm...... 
San Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— Saturday January 15 1 9 7 7 
3 S T R I C T L Y 
B U S I N E S S 
M e F e a r e r s 

 aSSm- 
Craqrieto nationwide enm pm lte prices 

Kxrlm lve In San Antonio 

 e S 
— • *> wa. 

Y eoH y 
Sa ta t 
H a t 
H igh Low p .f 
(bds.) 
H ig h Low ( a t t C hg 

3 * ' i 
JEU AGE Ind 
I OO 
B 
IVO 
.UJ4 34+% 
JAH— 
V* 
A H 
I ’ a A J In d u s ! 
8 3o3 
4 "? 
41% 
4 1 , 
2 4 'n 
IT ”. A M P Inc 
I 24 IO 652 
21' a 
2o+% 21 
U H 
12”. A P L Corp 
I 
5 
125 K U 
14 
14'/%+ 
1* 
X U 
44'% A RA Sv 
I 2o 13 
849 M '% 
48"? 
49>%-+ 
1% 
33 
W H A S A L td 
8o 
989 21'4 
19’/* 
2o’'%--- 
'% 
I P * 
7’ * A T O lnc 
28 
6 63o 
1o'+ 
95% 
9 *4 
55 s 
371+ A b b tL a b 
1 15*3127 475% 
45 u 
4 6 
— |+? 
12 
8 ' s A cm eC lv 
5o IS 43o 
12 
11'% 11’%+ 
”r 
4’ ? 
2 H A d m b q 
o4 
5 115 
3"? 
3'% 
3'% 
I V * 
9'% A d m E x 
91e 
29o 13'* 
125* 
1 3 '+ + 
'.* 
5+* 
3 5 , 
A d m s M illls 
8 
36 45* 
4 '3 
A'a— 
'/* 
14'b 
7’ * A ddrssa 
1o% 18 1564 137% 
13 
13'/*— 
1 
3 6 '* 
22'7 A e tn a L f 1 2o 
9 3376 33'% 
32’ % 
32’/%— 
U 
S3 1 
36' * A etna L l p* J 
27 5o5% 
48'J 
49"?— 
"• l l * * 
4>% A q u trre Co 
14 
17 I I H 
I T * 
U H - 
U 
17 
A H A b m an s 
22 
6 
68o 16 
IS H 
16 
+ 
U 
A U 
IV? A ileen 
Inc 
63 
364 3 H 
3 
3'/%— 
M 
39'* 
295% 
A ir Prod 
2o 14 1179 33'/* 
32 
32’/*+ 
>4 
15'% ll 
A irb n F r! 
6o 
13 
327 
14’/% 14 
14H + 
'» 
17'* A irc o lne 
I IS 6 
327 
IJ H A k ro n a 
I 2o 13 
43o 
13'a A laG as 
I 28 
8 
35 
1o4'/3 A la P w p i l l 
89 
A la p pf9 44 
77V* A la p p f8 28 l l ' e A la s k ln 
6oc 
7 
14 
A lb a n y ln 
72 
8 
SH A lbertoC 
36 17 
17’% A lb e rtin 
72 IO 
19 'n A ira n A lo 
4o 53 
14'% A lcoStd 
8oa 
6 ie 'a AlcO nLb 
28 Ii 
S’% A lexd rs 
36e i 
V 1 A lleg C p 
9op 16 
23’ * A llg L u d n 
6 
33' * A llq L u d pf 3 
16’ * A llg P w 
I 68 
8 
9>* A lle n G rp 
6o 
7 

71ooo 115 

33'% 
A lldC h 
I 9o l l 3544 
A U 
Al Id M n ! 
64 
7 
99 
V’ * 
A lld P ro d 
6o 24 
9 7 
4 o '* 
A lld S fr 
1 8o 
6 
552 
2 '* 
A lld S u p m k t 
12! l l ’ s 
A llisC bal 
9o 
6 
768 
6 ’ * 
A lin Au! 
6o 
9 
4o 
6 ' 1 
Alpha P rt 
25e 6 
7? 
38'% 
A lcoa 
I 4o 18 3164 
3o 
A m alS u q 
3a 6 
*49 
47 
A m a * 
I 75 13 
115 
A m a * p f 5 25 
52'3 
A m a * p f BS l l ' * 
A M B A C 
I 8 
16'* 
A m e rc e I 2o 7 
29' I 
A m rc p l2 6o 
16'% 
A Hess 
6o 9 
45H A H es p l 3 5o 
13’ /* A A ir F ilt 
56 
9 
8 '% A m A lrlln 
8 
4 '8 
A m co rd 
38 
8 
7o8 IO U l l ’ * 
A m B a k e r 
I 
5 
212 14’% 
38'% 
A Brnds 2 8o 
9 
638 455% 
21 
A B rnd p l I 7o 
IO 255% 
19'% 
A m B d cst 
I 16 1286 
39’ » 
8 ’ * 
Am B ld M 
5o 7 
*4 2 1o’ s 
JOH 
A m C an 
2 4o 8 
64 4 39'% 
21 
A C an pl I 75 
12 24 
T h 
A m C en M ig 
147 
25% 
1213 
A m C red 
S2e 5 
3o4 175% 
23'-3 
A C yan 
I 5o IO 2224 29 
7’ * 
Am D is till l l 
1o7 IOV3 
19’ * 
A D iS ITel 
84 ll 
278 27 
A U ’ A m D u a lV t 
34 
8 
12’ ■» 
A D bl pf 
84a 
33 
14'% 
2o’ n 
A m p IPW 2 o6 IO 33S5 25'? 

285% 
? *+ *_ 
14"? 
K H 
16'/* 
16’ % - 
112 
112 
- 
715oo 1o3'3 1oo'% 1o3'? + 
754o 
93'3 
92 
92 
+ 
13o7 
19' * 
17V* 
185% 4 
67 
IS H 
W U 
18'? + 
55 
7’/* 
75% 
75% 
119 
22'% 
72' a 
22’ %-- 
854 
?4H 
23+. 
23’ *— 
374 
19'% 
18’ '3 
195% + 
*464 
22’ % 
2 1H 
2 1 V 
*413 
7V* 
7 V* 
7 V*— 
768 
13’% 
175% 
13H + 
?49 
74 H 
23’/* 
2 4 '.+ 
23 
4o >e 
39H 
4o V - 
742 
2 2 '* 
21+4 
22 
135* 
135* 
13'/,+ 
4 6 H 
42'? 
4 6 H + 
125% 
12'/* 
12H 
12 
I I H 
11’ /* + 
4 4 '9 
42'/* 
43 V - 
3V« 
3 
3' % 
26 
24'% 
25 V - 
9 
8’% 
8 ’% 
15H 
15'% 
15'* 
55’% 
54' 3 
555* 
36 
34 
34 
- 
WO 
57 V* 
55 
55 
- 
31 137 
134'% 134' 3— 
123 
5 8 '* 
56'? 
56 V 
499 
24 
22’% 
23H + 
31 
19’ % 
19 
19 
- 
13 
37 
JAH 
36' ? + 
72o7 
34 T i 
31' a 
34+* + 
* 14o2 77'? 
72’ % 
77'? + 
7o1 
18’% 
185% 
IS H + 

657 
7124o l l ’ * 
89 
3 ’ + 
*271 
25'? 
113 
18’% 
I 1o94 
2o’ * 
566 
28’ % 
98 
21 
49o 
18 
I 
17 5517 
3o'% 
4o 
18 3496 
2 9 H 
2o 
3o 127 
SH 
24 
9 819 
U H 
6*132o ion 
6 1634 
4'/* 
8*471 
43'? 

8' ? A F a m ily 
3? 
7'% A m F in S y pl 
2 '* A m F ln S y s 
2?’ h A G IB d 
I 96r 
15 
A G en C v I 32 
I? 'a A m G n ln s 
68 
21 '< A m G In pf I 8o 
13'* A m G ln p! 9o 
13 
A m H o is t 
8o 
2 8 '* Am H o m e 
28 
A m H osp 
7’ . Am In VSI 
5'% A M e d ic l 
S' ? A M e d ic p 
3'% A m 
M otors 
3 2 '* A N O tR 
2 64 
S H A m Seat 
4o 
7 
78 
B U A Ship 
37r 
7 
174 
16'* A m Sind I 3o 
7 
544 
54' ? A S td p l 4 75 
68 
6 
A m S tflr" 
3o 12 
767 
26'* Am S irs 
I 9o 
6 
122 
6o’% A m T JtT 3 8o l l 7977 
55 
A m T & T p t 
4 
383 
43’ * A T T pf A3 64 
1525 
45 
A T T p lB 3 74 
946 
B H A W a lWk 
TO 
6 
28 
IS' 1 A W 4 lpf I 43 
7 5oo 
12' 8 A W p rf I 25 
778o 
I4 ’ % A m ero n 
I 
7 
75 
5 ’ ? A m e s D 
,18e 
5 
94 
IV '* A m e ie k I 4o IO 
574 
13 
A m id e Inc 
I 
8 
196 
76 
A M Pine 
41 24 1987 
8' 1 A m pco 
6o 
9 
28 
4 '* A m p e * Corp 14 2o48 
I ' * A m re p Corp 
734 
19 
Am star 
I 35 
5 
245 
TH A m s tr pf 
X 
7 
34 
Am sled 
2 
8 
9o 
4' ? A m tel 
36 l l U o6 
22*8 Ant h rH I 4o 
7 
3 26 
35'* A n d C ly 
2 
9 
142 
23'% A ndC lay w i 
IO 
5 
A n g elica 
16 IO 
269 
S '* Ani *te r 
2o 
7 
IOO 
7 
A nsulCo 
53t 
75 
HT * A pache 
5ob 
7 1425 
2 3 'b Aped O il 
34 
286 
I'n Apeco Corp 
KO I 
68 
A p P w pf 7 4o 7162o 
7’ ? 
A pplid M ag l l 
95 
9 ’ * A rc a la N 
X 
8 
2o9 
7 2 'j A rc d lN pf 2 
13 
17 
A reb D an 
2o 
8 1o31 
3 '* A rctic E n tr 
8 
138 
1’ % A ristae 
191 
IS 
A rn P S v I 48 
9 2o55 
1o3'* A ri Pp! IO TO 
7126o 
6 
A rk Bes! 
44b 
7o 
71’ ? A rk L G s I 8o 
9 
831 
2 
A rlen R lly O 
515 
4 '* A rm a d a Co 
9 
75 
76'* A rm co 
I 8o 
9 
614 
77 
A rm pf 7 IO 
8o 
4 1 '* A rm r p f4 75 
724o 
Z3H A rm s fC k 
I 12 1o33 
4 6 '* A rm ( p l3 75 
76o1o 
IS 
A rm Bu 
85 
5 
234 
17’ % Arn Corp l h 
7 
78 
9'% A rv in 
57e 
5 
64o 
25’ * A rv in ln pt2 
141 
13' % A saree 
8o 
IS 1755 
19 ’ n Asb IOO 
I 9o 
7 1195 
27' 3 A sd O rG I 5o ll 
469 
8 ' . A fbione 
6o 
6 
328 
I H A IK O M fg 
76o 
IT * . A IIC y E I I 67 
8 
413 
64 
A tlC c pts 87 
I 
4 V * A u B icb 
I <o l l 9193 
54 
A ll Rich wi 
3 
137 
A tlR ch pl 
3 
6 
44' 1 A ll Re pl 3 75 
7596o 
5 4 '* ATRC p l2 8o 
557 
1 6 '. A tla s C p 
15 
562 i 
25 
A u to D la 
24 2o 
43o 
4 ' . A u tm ln d 
24 
6 
232 
4' I Avon 
Corp 
,2 732o 
1 ? A vcoC p wf 
281 
M<’ % A vcoC p p l 
1o8 
17' ? A ver yfn t 
36 2o 
156 
7' 1 A vis In t 1op 
7 2o57 
IO '. A v n e lIn t 
4o 
7 1994 
3 2 '* A vonPd 
2 IT 2412 
I ' * BT M ig 
3oe 
111 
18 ’ « Babe k Wil 
I 2o 
8 73? 
4’ * B a th e 
I'n B a k e r In 
4o'a B a k rln tl 
8' 1 Bald OH 
1 6 '. Ba 11 Cd l l ' . B ally M i 
o2e 73 4468 
7 7 '. B a ilG E 
2 o8 
9 272o 
5o 
B all p !B 4 5o 
727o 
17’ . B a n c a 
6o 12o ITO 
12’ . B a n d a r 
2o l l 1781 
4 '3 B angr Punt 
4 
237 
9 
B a a r p l! 25 
7 
12' 1 B an g P pf 7 
IS 
2 8 '. B k o /N Y 2 37 
7 132 l l ' . B k o fVa 
88 
6 
3o8 
2 4 '. Bank Am 
8o I? 5o18 
S U B m k T r 
3 
9 
855 
7 5 '. Bn k l pl 2 5o 
TIO 
2 5 '* B .fb O 'l I 4o 
221 l l ' . B a rd e R 24 13*554 
1 6 '. B arnsG p 
8o 
7 
71 
7 '. Besit Inc 
8o 
5 
47 
26' 7 Basic pf 2 SO 
721o 
2 7 '. B a U s M f 
8o 3o 
119 
25 
BauschL 
I 
I? 898o 
33 
B a .fT r v 
24 72 26o4 
17’ . B a y S lG I 88 
I 
46 
4 ' . B a rk Cig 
24 244 
9 
IT 
B e a r in g 
5o 
12 
TI 
?1> ? B eat Fits 
84 11 2432 
111'* B e a lf d pf 4 
2 7'* Bet km n 
12 16 
SSS 
I? '* B e t'D ic k 
4o IS 
STS 
14 
BeechA 
I 
I 
I } * 
7>* ic k e r 
28 
*1$ l l ' . 
Bel c o p 
7oe 
I 1729 
15’ . 
Balden 
I 37 
8 
41 
7 
B eldnH e 
34b 4 
SI 
15 
B d I How 
44 
184 
4* 
B c 'C d a 3 72 
7 
14? 
13 '. Bern % 
I 2o 
I 
4o 
3 7 '. B k v i u 
2 
4 
898 
66 
Bend' * pf 
I 
2 
17’ . B endC p I «o 
5 1o85 
46' 1 Benet pf 4 3o l l 
45 
Benet pf4 SO 
8 5 '* Benet pf5 SO 
25' 1 in t l 5pf 2 SO 
I ' * B e n tStd M fg av 
I * . 
B en g 'B 
o7e 
7 414 
7 ’ * B erkey Pbo 
574 
U H Bes! Prod 
I? 
9o9 
» 
B e to il! 
2 
8 2466 
27'% 
Big Three 4o l l 
119 
IS H 
B lat k D r 
4o 19 28o2 
5 
B’a irJ n 
64 
7 eel 
12'% B i'ks La u 
I OB 4 
1o2 
U H B lo tk H R 
I l l 
89o 
2 o '. B lueBed 
IO 
4 1247 
) H feiyebird 
Ole I 
125 
2 H B obbie Brks 
395 
24 H 
BOC'na 
1a IO 1942 
8 
' 4 
Bo seCas 4o l l 2714 
17'% Bk M oth 1 8 
IO 
Ti 
26 
Bor deb 
I 4o 
IO 1964 
W H 
Bor W ar 14o 
« 445 
2 H B o rm a n * 
4 
141 
I I H B f.6 c l 
2 44 IO 
316 i t » a© * I pf « a a 
7 ?7o 
(OH B o s t pf I IT 
152 
I I H BosE pf I 44 
273 
I U Br a m il 
24 IO 2271 
IS’ * 
Br au n e F 
4o 
I 794 
2 4 '* 
B rig Str 
92 IS 374 
4 1 '* 
Br 1 s tV v I IO l l 1217 
) » '* B rls tM pf 
I 
34 
4 ' j B r" P e ! 
B e 34 1344 
2 5 '. 
B rkw G l 
I 4o 
4 145 
14' • 
Bk I yU G 17? 
I 245 
2SH B k 'U G pf? 47 
49 
S H B w nShrp 
2o 
71 
V H B row nC 
Tie 

74o I K H 1(4*4 I K H 
71o4o 
29 H 
79 
29 
- 

B w nG p I 4o 
SU BrwnFer 4o ll iru n s w k 
5o l l 
Bruke W 
I ie 
But,Cr 
44 
4 H Budd Co I IO 
49 
BuddCo pts 
5 fiudC a pf 4o 
4 H B u dqlnd 
(Or 
2o' 1 B u t ! r f I 4oa 
4 
B u lo v a 
IO '. B u n d ,C P 
9o 
J 
W H Bunk HU I 14 
I T . B u n k rR pH SO 
4 H fu n k R em o 
S U B ur I Ind I 4o 
I 
I I H B u ri No I D e 
4 
4 . B ur 1 Nu pf 55 
IM H iu rrtd y 
H I? 
Bl . B u rrg h s 
44 19 
K H B yttesG O il 
I 
4 4 ‘* CB S 
2 ( I 
I n C C I 
Corp 
1, C IM ig G p 
? V C IR " tov 
2 8 '. C I 7 F in 
2 4o 
• 
74H C IT pfC 5 5o 
7 14 C L A ssets 
' L Ass! p f! 14k 
L C Am 
24 
$ 
M I (ny Cp 
IO 
N A 
F in l l( 
N A pf A1 IO 
N A I 
I OM 
BC In t 
2 IO 
4 
TSCp 
4o 
7 a d C a c For 
C abotC 
I 4o 
4 c a d en ce md 
I 
C aesars W rl 

 l l 1529 
4 K74 
I 
172 
13 12o1 

59o 44H 
29o 19H 

$ r 
111 AU 
ISS 
4 H 
A H A 

Y early 
H ig h Low 
Sales 
N e t 
P-E 
(bds I 
H ig h loup, la s t C hg 
8*% 
I 
C al F i n a n l H 
H 
H 
2o 
IS H C a lP U ! 
I 6o 
8 
66 2o 
17’ ? 
H3H C adatin 
3or 
17 
132 U '% 
I ’ -* l ’% C a m m 
B m 
171 
2 
27' ? 
16'% C m p R L 
4oa 16 
255 
24'% 
19H 
29’ * Cam Sp 
I 48 12 
712 
34 wL 
? T " S « rni'T g 
1.1? IO 
93 
32 
19'? l l 
C dnP ac 
86e 7 
285 
K U l f * 
7'% C a n a lR 
64 12 
29 
A U 
57 
42’/* C a p o n s 
2o i i 
499 5 5 V* 
24’ % 
17’% C apH old 
<o l l 
SU 2 2 ’+ 
J , 
S 3 !51* 
117 
I H 
35’% 
29H Carbor 
I 12 
9 
493 35 
4 ', 
2'? C arlin g O K e 
19 
36 
3 '/* 
1 7 '* 
IO U C arlis le 
88 
8 
386 17'* 
71' ? 
53'? C a ro C 8 o b 5 z 72o 
6 9 H 
7 
5'% C a ro F rg 
2o 39 
4 7 
6'/* 
24'? 
17H C aro P w I 72 8 2225 
23 

 a?;1* 9 a rP P* 7 47 
58 3 o H 
35’-% 
21’ ? C ar Tee 
I 8o 
8 
91 
35 
7o'% 
I I H C arrC p 
64 13 1241 
19 
3o 
C a rr pf 2 25 
?7o 3o iff® 
C a rrG n 
89e 
46 
1 4V* 
S i® i??* C a rtH a w 
9o l l 1276 
21*4 
42’ * 
31'% C a rfH w pf2 
69 3 7 H 
S H 
6 
C a rtW a ll 
4o 3o 
241 
T U i i . 
,? 
Case N G 
SOr 8 
*89 
S U 
’ i'% 
15 
C astlC k 
8ob 7 
3o4 
IS 1? w * C a trp T r 
I 5o 12*3o69 56’% 
3? 
I f , CecoCp 
I IS 12 
31 
17H 
58 
41*4 
Celanse 2 8o 
8 
5o8 4 9 ’% 
®f,’ 4 S e,n pfA 4 * 
'o 52U 
I i , 
, v% Centex 
12 
11 
5o4 I I H 
K H 
13’ * Cen Sow 
I 2o IO 3275 
K ’% 
21 
17’ % Cen Hud 
I 72 
8 
9o 2o'% 
19 
IS H C e n lllL I 
I 6o 12 
296 
19 
55' * 
45 
C d L l pf 4 5o 
? IOO 
55’+ 
32’ . 
27’ ? O ’ I Lf pf? 87 ?37oo 
32U 
29'? 
25’ ? C ol Lf pf? 6? 7629o 
28’% 
IS H 
12’ % Cent I PS 
1 28 IO 1o29 IS H 
2 9 '. 
18 
C en L aE 
1 4o IO 2119 28 
K H 
14 
C e M P w 
1 4o IO 
175 16’ % 
IS 
U H Cen Soya 
TO 
7 
23o 15’ . 
25’ % 
19’ . Cen Tel 
I 36 l l 
999 25’ i 
36'% 
1 9 '. C e n frD a t 
8o 
12 
77 2 2 6H 
72'% 
IS 
C ert teed 
45 ll 
34o 2oH 
3o’ b 
2T% CessnA ir I 2o 
8 1o65 29’ * 
28'? 
18 
C b am p ln ! 
I 
9 1237 76V. 
IOO 
55 
Chm I pts 5o 
7 47o 91 
2 8 H 
18’% C b m l pf I 2o 
99 26'% 
13’% l l 
Cham Sp 
68 
IO 18o9 13 
5’ % 
7 H C h artrC o 
o8 
34 58o 
4 
2 9 'n 
71'% C h artr N Y J 
6 
348 29’ % 
8’% 
7 
C haseFd 
6oe 
2o3 
I U 
32’/* 
26’ % O ia s e M 2 2o 
13 3762 3 1 H 
4 
2 
C baseT 
83e 
173 
3 ' . ll 
S H Chelsea 
4o 
39 
6o 
TV* 
5? 
2 5 '* C h em in 1 5o 
7 
264 3 2 H 
■UU 
3o’ 8 Chm N Y 2 88 
7 1836 4 4H 
3 2 '. 
2 5 '* ChesVa 
I 36 
7 
42 3 1 H 
IO 
22' ? ChesePn 
76 
15 229 7 26’% 
4 2 
34'% Chessie 2 32 
7 
659 4o'% 
9 ’ * 
4' * C h iM ilw CP 
21o 
7 ’% 
U H 
B' a C h iM ilw pf 
6 13' ? 
35’ * 
24’ * C h.P neuT 
2 
17 
166 3o' % 
4 H 
2 
C h k F u ll 
68 
3'% 
9 ’ % 
4' ? C hris 
C ra ft 
8 484 
7 
1o’% 
8 
C hrsC ft pf I 
3 IO U 
21 
IT ? ChCft cvpf 
2 18' * 
IS H 
9 '* C h ro m al 
84 
6 
25o I5 U 
7o 
53 
C hrom a pf 5 
4 7o 
22’ % 
1o’% C hrysler 
3oe 
6 4318 2 oH 
IS H 
32'? C h u rO ik 
6oh 
1o*451 3 4H 
2 4 '* 
19'% C inB ell 
1 6o 
9 
127 73’% 
23'? 
IT 
C innG E 
1 64 
15*13o6 22’% 
51 
43'? 
C inG E pf 4 7156o 
49** 
59 H 
5o C inG pf4 75 
735o S IN 
1o7’ ? 
97 
C inG pf9 3o 
715o 1o6 
91’ % 
76'% C inG pf7 44 
7 5o 
9o 
1 o 8 ', 
9 9 U 
C inG pf9 52 
35’ % 
18’% Cm M i la I 4o 
17 
7o 
3 7 H 
27’ * C itico rp 
96 l l 57o4 34 
32’ % 
59’ % 
38H C itiesSv 2 8o 
8 12o8 59’% 
57' ? 
5 
I ' . 
Clt?SR 
3oe 
131 I U 
I H 
U U 
7 C ity Invst 
66 
7 
2o83 13 
12'% 
15 16 5 16 C ity ln v w i 
73 7 16 
H 
2 6'* 
16'% C ity In p fB ? 
217 2 5 '* 
2 4 H 
U H 
IO C 'tyh pf I IO 
3o8 11’% 
I I H 
16'? 
25'% C la rk e I 6oa 
13 
455 4 2H 
4 1H 
K H 
9 C la rk O il 
SO 
9 
714 K H 
15'% 
73 U 
47 Civ Cliff 18oa l l 
97 
6 9 U 
6 7 H 
34’% 
26' ? 
C tv E lllt 2 64 ll 1721 34’% 
33H 
89U 
77’ * Clem p *7 4o 
186 89’ s 
88 
97 
78 
C IE ! II pf 7 56 
129 92 
8 9 'I 
128 ll? ’ ? C levE I p f 12 
736o 
128 126 
1 3 '* 
I I H C le v e p k 6o 6 *1 6 9 
12 
I I H 
U H 
1o'% C lo ro *Co 
52 IO 1995 12'7 
12 
U H 
7 H Cl vet Pea 
4o 6 
415 9 U 
9 H 
13 u 
IO U C lu ettP p l I 
61o 12 
H U 
U H 
7 ’ * C oast SI Gas 5 
3579 14"? 
13'% 
25 
17’ % CStSG pf I t i 
144 25 
24 
19U 
13’ . CstSG p f l 19 
83 19'% 
IS H 
9 H 
6 ". Coca Btl 
4oa 13 2133 8 U 
8'% 
9 5 '* 
73H CocaCol 2 65 17 2o12 77 
74’% 
IT H 
S H C oldw Bk 
5o 
8 
151 
15’ . 
U U 
14 e n C eleN at 6o 
7 
19o 
12U 11’% 
6 ’ % 
2 '. Coleco Ind 
16 
471 
5 H 
5'? 
3 1 '* 
B H C olgPal 88 13 467o 
26 H 24’ ? 
ST? 
46 U Cola P pf 3 5o 
75o 49 
49 
15'% 
9 H Co! Mn A ik 
44 7 
697 13 
12"? 
9 H 
4 H Coll in F 
o5e 
7 
384 
9 H 
9'% 
34'% 
18 
Col Penn 
TO 
9 
535 27'? 
76U 
25 
W H Colonist I 45 
8 
91 24 
23H 
56H 
28' 1 Col! Ind 
2 5o 
6 
283 5 3 H 
SOH 
79 * 
18H Colt pf I 6o 
15 28 
27U 
7 9 '* 
47'? 
CO" pf 4 25 
4 71*% 
7 1 '* 
31 
2 7 '* ColGas 
2 14 
9 
1176 3o’% 
28H 
6 4 
56' % Col Gs pf 5 62 
TO 63 
62 % 
6? 
54H CoIGs pf 5 48 
37 61' ? 
6 oU 
9 U 
4' ? Col urn 
P iet 
4 61o5 9 H 
7'? 
TSH 
T I'? ColSOn 
2 2o 8 
544 2 7 
76’ * 
I U 
1o1 
CoSO pf IO 52 y77o 112'? 11o 
73 16 
9 16 Col w et M tq 
5o 
I U 
I U 
17H C om hCom 
(He 
9*16921 
W H 

715oo 1o8"? 1o7'% KMT ? + 
“ 
35’ * 
34"? 
34 V 

37U C om bE ng 
2 IO 
578 
25 H 
13 
C om b E q 
IOT 13 
78' 
32‘ * 
26'* C om w E 2 4o 
9 2o71 
22•« 
IT"? C o m E p fl 42 
63 
73'? 
TOU C om E p fl 9o 
89 
2 4 U 
?1U C o m w E pf 2 
17 
78 
25H C om E pf2 37 
144 
33' * 
29 * C om E pf? 87 
81 
1o2 
89 
C om E p ie 4o 
3 1 
H U 
6 U Com WO 
2638 
2 2'* 
K H C om o p fl 72 
61 
33’ I 
M U Com sat 
! 
7 9o2 
38 U 
IS H Com pgr 
2o 
9 
522 
8 H 
4 
C om pot 
Sci 
I t 2o25 
IJ H 
81 i Con Agr 
75 
3 
1o4 
TSU 
W U C o n e M ilft 
1 
4 
164 
W H 
12 
Congolm 
SO 
8 26o 
2 o '* 
131 > C onoM 
16o 
IS 
318 
2 6 '. 
W H Conrae 
SOB 
8 
65 
2 1 ’ * 
15 
C onEd 
I 6o 
6 1686 
7 4 5 5 ' / ConEd p f 6 
16 
S IU 
39’ 1 CnE p fC4 65 
139o 
SS'* 
44 
C onEd pf 5 
28 
2 7 ', 
W H ConFds 
I 4o 
8 1994 
71' ? 
56’ ? ConF pf 4 SO 
26 
28 
18' ? ConF rg I 
8o 
8 244 
37 
24' 7 Con NGS 2 SO 9*538 
119 
1o8’ * 
CnG pf IO 96 723o 
23' ? 
19 
Consu Pow 2 
J 1456 
46 ? 
37 
C n P w pf 4 K 
71oo 
51 
4o 
C nP w p f4 5o 
177o 
79 
6 3 U C nP w pf 7 45 
1 332o 
82' ? 
6 6 '. C nPw pf 7 7? 
ISO 
83’ 1 
66 
C nP w pf7 76 
71o4o 
82 
67' ? C nPw pf? 68 
7358o 
2 6 H 
» 
C nPw pf? 43 l l 
74' ? 
6 o H CnPw pf5 5o 
22 
93’ * 
75'? Con Pow pf 6 
5 
9 '* 
S U ContAir Cm 
13 *53 
SH 
4 U Com Cop so n e 
13'* 
I I H CtCop p fl » 1 19o 
57’ ? 
41H C onlfCp 2 8o W 7oo 
6 ? '. 
4 5 '* CHC pf A? 5o 
4 
35'% 
2 6 '* C n flG rp 
2 
9 2o85 
6o 
1 5 '* 
Con I ICP 2 4o 
9 1o25 
IT H 
V U C o d U P I 2ft 
I 356 
3 
IU C onfll R tty 
67 
4 o H 
» 
Conf O il I 2o 
I 2758 
1o9 
S IU Contem pt 
2 
3 
IT H 
1 2 '. C ontTel 
I OS l l 3152 
27 * 
IT H C ontrol O at 
IO 1654 
48 
4o’ * C o o t pf 4 SO 
,4o9o 
3 6H 
2 6 '* Conwd 
7 2o 
8 
I? 
6 
? H Cook Un 
JOI 
6 2o5 
4 2 ’. 
79 
Cooper In 
84 l l 723 
145 
B2U Copt p fB 2 5o 
IT ? 
4' % Coopt L ab 
2o 
16*324 
17 9 H CoopTR 
7o 
4 
87 
18 
1? 
C o p t p i 1 2 5 i t 
? o u to n to p e m d rn lo 163 
TSU 
1 7U C o p p R g 
35o 
! 
S3 
IA U Coppw 2 4ob 
8 
13 
J ’ * 
I 1 ? C ordura lOe *531 
HO 
4JH COrnG I 52a 
16 92o 
4 
IU Cousins M ig 
78 
U U A U Cowles 
56 K 
84 
37 U 
77‘ 1 Co* Bde! 
55 1o 117 
IS H 
S U C ra g 
JO 
] *71 
3 9 '. 2 3 '. C rane 
1 2o 
5 657 
6 U 3 ’ . C re d itF 
24 l l 2o6 
79 
21H 
C ro rk N 1 66 
9 557 
4 7 '. 
M U C rockN pf3 
36 
IS '. 
IO U C ro m p K 
8o 
8 
7* 
3 3 't 
W H C rouH i 
I 
12 
1o5 
88 
51’ . Crow, pf3 35 
8 
22U 
K H Crow n Cork 
7 743 
49 
IS H C rw Zet 
I 8o l l 2155 
6 2 '* 
53 
C m 2 pf4 2o 
737o 
23% 
IJ H C U bro 
1 32 
7 ll? l l 
T H C ullm an 
44 
9 243 
5o 
W H C u m tn g 
I 2o l l 9o7 
IJS 
79 
C u m E p fT S O 7*4oo 
9 H 
AU C unnD rg 
25 
8 
14 
12’ . ll 
Cum Inc 
IO * 
233 
W H 
IO 
C u rtisW r 
6o 
IO 714 
28 ? 
22% C u rtis W rA 2 
24 
4 o '* 
2 6 '* C uherM I 8o 
8 
9 7 
78' ? 
IS H Cyclops I 2oa 
6 1o75 
J IH 
JC , C yprus 
I 4o 25 
4o9 
I)—K—I 

I U 
4 H P P F Inc l l 262 
I I H 
* H D am on 
2o 
53 67* 
U U 
I 
D anR iv 
48 
5 422 
29U 
W H D ana Cp 
9? 
9 *49 
41 
7 7U D a rt m d 
8ob 
9 544 
4 T 1 
3 2 '* O a rtln d p f 
2 
?77 
6 o ’* 
3 7H D ata 
Gen! 
2o 1737 
IT H 
(O H D a y CO 
5ob 
5 
91 
*8 
SO 
D ayc pf 4 TS 
?5o 
J IH 
26 . D a y tH u d I 2o IO AA? 
TOH 
(7 
D e y tP L I A* ( I 
SJO 
85' > 
69 
D P L p l 
7 48 
7(2o 
81 
7?' 7 D P L p f 
7 TO iJOO u t m u B b l p u t so 
7 3 *o 1 
J 4 U 
29 
D eere 
( IO 
8 3159 
29 ? 
72’ . D eiM on 
I SO 
*>Jo? 
U U 
U U Del rn a P I JO 9 
654 
45 U 
34U D elta A ir 
TO 9 8o9 
TU 
J U Del le t m il 
(J 
752 
7 H 
J U D eltona C rp 
153 
24’ . 
W 
D ennsM f 
I * 
I 
94 
25’ * 
W H Dennys 
44 
I? 15o8 
14H 
77' j B er,!sply 
MO 
14 IS* 
I i 
S H Dr Soto In 
AO 
9 194 
IS H 
13 
D e !Edis I 45 
IO 1*13 
AA' ? 
55 
O etE pf 5 5o 
12 
9 8 '. 
82'% D e l i pf 9 32 
7 74o 
IO U 
AA 
D etE pf 7 *1 
,558o 
79 
A4 
D e f t pf 7 AS 
,1*7o 
77' ? 
64 
D etE pf 7 3* 
774*o 
? *U 
2 4 H D e tE pf 2 75 
79 
TSU 
24’ . DeE p fB 2 Ti 
71 
TAU 
U U D exter 
8o IO 
27o 
TU 
4 'a D G'Org 
6Se 1o*479 
1$ 
W H o 'o 'O r pf 88 711o 
IJ H 
9 
D 'A lP tnl 
TO 
7 
59 
4? U 
S H D ia m Int 
J 
9 238 
22U 
U 
D 'A m M I 72t 
5 254 
J I ' . 
32 
C u rris h 
I IO 
IO 28o1 
IA U 
24' i D u ptO I 2o 
11AI 
I I H 
A U O 'C kA B 
X 
I i 2J7 
U U 
S U O ictaphn 
A* 
I? *24 
IS 
(O' ? D ebold 
44 
IO 21J 
STH 
AAU b iy i'a lK t 
24 45ot 
U U 
T H D 'flin g m 
AA 
5 JAI 
TAU 
2 2 '* P 'H n g m p f 2 
9 
37' J 
I ' l Dillon 
I OHO l l 
7? 
A3 
A IU Disney 
12b 
19 2729 
7 ‘ * 
I 
D iv e r std in lls 
J U 13 I * O 'verso 
M fg 
189 
U U l l 
D rp e p p r 
44 l l jig 
AA 
37 ? D o m eM 
8oa 
U 
9o 
AH 
}'% DonLuJ 
(oe 
I 243 
TAH 
17H Dunn Ally 
AA l( t i l 
19' ) 
I I H D o rO iiy 
2oe 
A 
AT 
(J U 
A H Dorsey 
4o 
$ 
45 
AO'* 
B ’% Dover Cp 
9o l l 5)7 
SAU Sn pow Ch 
I l l 7)*4 
J 4 u 
M U pow Jon l l * 
19 1*o 
2* 
Dr avo 
95 
I 
Ti 
II* 
»'* 
*> W IKJ 
I I H 
I * 
Dr e * Bd 
144 x*2 
A U O r iy f ia 
V 
7 i t 

49 
45H 
25 H BH 

 duP ont 5 25e 12 1479 I ) } ' ? 127'% l i t ' * 
AAU d u P d p f) SO 
59 d uP nt pf 4 SO 
W H D ukeP I AO 
7* 
D uke pf A 75- 
88 
Duke pf | TO 
79' i D uke pf I X 
7 5 '. Duke pf 7 IC 
TAH Duke pf 2 A* 
26 H D /nB 'Q 
I Ok lf 

IO 
SC ? I 
194 
AA". 
9 4W J 
J I H 

• J K X 
,oii a 
3o 29'% 

J I f c 
IOO 
2314 

^ 
o ^ 
^ 

M 
( M > .) 
H ig h Lew lo » t Chg 
Duqn pf 7 IO 
743o 
M '% 
88'% 
M N * 
7'% D yrn o ln 
44 
7 
111 
13"? E G B G 
18 
IS 
827 
IO 
E L T 
.14 
13 
AA 
2’% E M IL ! 
We 
12 
229 
T IU ESyst 
I 6ob 
IO 
23o 
25U E a g le P 
I 16 
9 
171 
K U EasooCp 
75 
7 
199 
AU East A ir Lin 67 USO 
22". E a s tG s F 
8o 
8 2176 
U H East Ut! 
TSO 
8 l a 
81' ? EastCd I 6oa 21 4o86 
29' ? Eaton 
2 
9 
326 
21 
E chlln 
48 13 
953 
2JH E c k rd J k 
48 
15 1516 
45' ? E d isB ro 2 2o 
9 
71 
9 '* E d w rd s 
SO 
4 
29 
1 IV* E l Paso 
I IO 
7 2657 
2 
E lect Assoc 
182 
U U E D S 
6o 17x 5o1 
IU El M em 
M g 
5 1531 

3o’ % 

5 
E IM M p tlk 
32 
15H E la in N a t 
I IO 
176 
4 H E lix ir 
Ind 
9 
456 
24"? E ltra C p 1.16 
8 132 
33' ? E m e rE i 
I 
17 1794 
31’% E m e ry 
I 2o 
21 2o2 
8 U E m e ry ln 
44 l l 92 
2 6U E m h a rt I 8o 
7 371 
13"? E m p D E I 36 l l 47 
4' i E m 4 7pf 
47 
717o 
5 
E m D 5pf 
5o 7163o 
9 H E m p D iS pf 92 
,137o i i " , l l 
E m p G as 
2o 
9 276 
2o"? 
22H E n g lh d M I X 
9 1173 34’% 
S U E nnlsB 
.32 5*135 
6 H 
21 U Enserch I 72 
IO TU 
JOH 

 ion 
17’% 
13 
4 
49 
3 9 H 
2V ? 
9 ’ * 
2 5H 
K U 
SAH 
42’% 
26 
27V* 
6o H 
15 
15U 
3". 
K H 
A H 
IO' ? 
24 H 
SH 
31'% 
34’ * 
37V* 
12"? 
35'% 
16'% 
6'* 
6'% 

H A U 1o5' ? Ens pf 1o 32 y 2o5o U 4 U 

236 
24 
1o75 

21V. E n fe * 
I 2o ll 
461 
U H E n v rte c 
3oe 
11*192 
71U E q u ifa x 
2a 
IO 
43 
9 U E q u im rk 
88 
8 
151 
29’ ? E q u ite s 2 84 
7 
8o 
U H E q u fL t 2 o9e 
12*259 
X U E s m a rk I 76 
7 
571 
4' ? E s q u ire 
24 
616 
5 ’ % EsterM ne 
36 
8 
157 
79' ? Ethyl 
I 6o 
39". Ethyl of? 4o 
5 
E van sP d 
4o 
14 
E v a n p p f l 4o 
U U E xC elO I 25 
18 
E xclsr 
I 76e 
4 7 '* E xxon 
I 4o' 
W U F M C 
I l l 1461 
3 1 '* F M C pf2 25 
US 
5"? F a b rg e 
4o 
9 
43o 
6 U T a h r iC lr 
12 
6 
IO? 
5 
Facet E n trp 12 
241 
36’ % F a lrC a m 
BO 25 1613 
6 U F a irin g 
3o IO 
267 
IO U F a irm tF 
68 
12' ? F a irm tp f 
( 
5 H F a rW s t Fnl 
5 
F a ra h M fg 
4 
Fedders Cp 
72' ? F ed rlC o I 6o 
U U FdM ogl I 2oa 
13". F e d N M t 
88 
16"? F e d P a B d 
9o 
16' ? F P a p p fl » 
IO ". F Sign I 
I 
.. 
___ 
*2 
F e d b S t 
I 46 14 1778 
21H F e rro 
I JS 
8 
6o 
8 U F ib reb d 
Cp 
3 'a F id F in 
2oe 
26 
F id el Un 2 4o 
15 
F ie ld c rM II la 
7 
F iltro l Cp 
9'% F in S an B 
48 
9"? Finl Fed 
SO 
21’ * F irestn 
I IO 14 2378 
U U FSI O la r 
8o! 
7 
926 
K U FstC hic 
.96 
8 1113 
3? 
F t B nTex 
I 1o 
276 
36' a F s tln B n I 2o 12 
53o 
8"? F stM iss 
36 l l 1o44 
7 2 H FstN Bo I 88 
9 
418 
W H F stN S tB n 
2 
9 
U 
F stP a 
I 3? 52 
I"? F stP a M fg 
9 H FSI Un RI 
I 
U 
4 U FSI V a Bk 
45 ll 
U H FW isC p I 76 
8 
B U Fisch M 
1 IO 
9 
S U F ish F d s 
4o 
6 
9 H FiShrSci 
28 
7 u 
F le e tE n t 
4o 15 
13'% F le m in g 
8o 
8 
8 '* F le x lV a n 
2o 18 * 386 

33’ 
33'% 
2 9H 
U U 
39 
26 
35 H 
IO U 
8 '* 
AAH 
57 V* 
13". 
14o6 U H 
4o2 
26’ % 
37 
8 8594 

27 
J 
8 
ITO 
7oo 
9o8 
5 
63 
7 277 
6 3192 
5 
898 
329 
8 
226 

497 
6 
13o 
8 
63 
6 122 
5 
134 
5 
226 
6 
282 

99 
773 
89 
93 
196 
6o 
286 
41o 
1o3 
SVA 
ITO 

16 
F lin tk o t I 16 IO 
187 
SOH F lin pf AA 5o 
55 
F lin pfB ? a 
K U F U E 
Coast 
13H f laG as 
I 
2o’ * F la P w L I 56 a u F la P o w 2 28 
19' ? F laS tl 
I 2o 
13 
X 
F lu o r Cp 
I 
9 
72’ * F lu o rp fB 
3 
A U F d F a lr 
.2o 13 
IO U FooteC B 
I 
7 
4 3 H F o rd M 
3 » 
13' i For M c K 
I 
72’ * F M R pf I 8o 
13H F tD e a r 
I 24 
TBH F tH o w P 
64 17 
21U F o 'W h 11oa 
8 
27"? Foxboro 
I 
IO 
B U F m k ln M 
TO l l 
21U F re e p M I AO I? 
7 ’ * F riq trn c lOe 27 
18 U Fru eh t 
I SO 
8 
4' i Fuqua 
(Be 

AO 
7 
I 2o 
I 8o I? 

723o 
15 
14 
63 
9 
317 
9 3199 
9 IK J 
7o2 
898 
3 
292 
7 
7o 
A 4o76 
7 
429 
A9 
IOO 
948 
416 
25? 
636 
395 
776 
722 
8 IK ? 

21 
53 H 
25+* 
36". 
9 ". 
9 
6 U 
38’% 
IO U 
12 H 
13' I 
9 H 
S H 
7 
24' ? 
25 H 
K ' ? 
18’% 
T i' ? 
19’ * 
47 H 
32 
IO U 
6 U 
33’% 
W U 
IO U 
18 
18". 
23’ * 
K H 
J IH 
35’ * 
43V. 
U H 
X U 
26 
17' » 
21* 
12' ? 
7 U 
2 3U 
W H 
U U 
U H 
U H 
16+. 
12U 
21V* 
64 V* 
31V. 
2 6H 
71’% 
77’% 
31' * 
24"? 
37’ . 
8 6 '. 
6 ’ a 
15H 
61 
16 
26". 
15U 
3 6 '* 
4o 
4 7 '. 
29". 
29 U 
K H 
78 H 
U H 

9 ’% 
K H 
U H 
3 H 
4 6 H 
3»’% 
2o 
S U 
74 
18", 
82' * 
4o'% 
25 
26"? 
S9H 
U H 
14 
T U 
17 
4 
IO’ * 
U H 
8 a u 
3 3U 
36 
U H 
U H 
16 
6 
5’% ion 
K ’% 
34 
AU 
29U 
HO 
29H 
31V* 
29", 
12' ? 
38 
TAU 
33U 
8 ’% 
7 U 
42H 
55 U 
U H 
14", a n 
21 
52'% 
24’ % 
35 
S H 
SU 
6’ a 
36+* 
9 H 
U H 
U U 
» U 
S H 
6 H 
24’ * 
24’% 
K H 
K U 
73 
18". 
4 6 H 
31 ion 

3?H 
W U 
IO U 
IT H 
U U 
22H 
15V? 
2oV. 
34H 
42"* 
U H 
79’ . 
24' ? 
K U 
7 U 
12 
6 U 
22H 
3o 
12 
U H 
17 
K U 
H U 
X " . 
64 
31 a u 
X U 
26'% 
X " ? 
22'% 
35 U 
8 6 * 
A U 
IA U to 
15U a u 
K H 
35 
M'% 
AS 
21 
X 
16' ? 
27U 
IO1/* 

T H 

I 

3"; 

1 o '% - 
17 V - 
12 V — 
3 U — 
47'%— 
X '% + 
X 
- 
S U — 
25 
— 
K U 
8 3 '* ~ 
4 o V 
25’% + 
2 6 V 
5 9 V - 
14U— 
U 
1 5 U + v , 
IV — 
'% 
18’% + I 
4+«+ 
'« 
1 o H + 
U 
2 3 V - I 
I U — 
H 
X 
- 2’% 
34 
— 
’ % 
37 V* + I 
H U — v* 
3 5 '* + I U 
16 
- 
"a 
6 
+ 
'% 
6 U + 
H 
11'%+ 
V* 
TOH + 
34U + 
6'%— 
'% 
X U 
111'%— 
H 
33"? + J U 
32’ e — 
'? 
X "? 
13’%+ IU 
38 
- 
U 
25 
- 
H 
33'?— I U 
9 ’%— 
' . 
7’%— 
"» 
44'? + 
H 
5 7H + 
H 
U H - 
+% 
U U - 
' % 
26V* + I 
21U 
U H — 
U 
24’ ii— 
'% 
35 
— I 
8 ’% 
"* 
S U + 
'* 
6 U 
U 
3 8 U + IU 
IO 
+ 
U 
1 2 H + 
U 
U '% — 
"j 
9 H + 
U 
S H - u 
6 " ? - 
"? 
2 4 V 
'% 
25 
— 
U 
K U - 
' a l e v - h 
2 3 U - 
H 
19 
+ 
H 
47 
— 
'% 
31’%+ 
H 
1o+%— a v 
» 
3 2 V 
' 
1 9 U + 
'. 
IO U 
17’% i 
' 
1 7 '% - 
J 
23'% + 
' 
16 
- 
» 
T IU — 
1 
35 
+ 
J 
42 V 
> 
14 
— 
I/ 
X ’%+ 
' 
24"?— U 
17’%— 
I. 
2'%— 
I 
U " ? + 
+ 
7 
23'%+ 
I 
JOU 4 
I 
U H - ' 
U H + 
' 
17'%— 
' 
I AV?— 
I. 
1 2 V - 
' 
TOU— 
’ 
AA 
+ 
< 
31'/* I 
2 5 V 
21’% + I H 
26"?— I 
X V - I"? 
24'% + 2 
JA 
- I U 
8 6 " .- 
AU 
6 H 
15 
- 
U 
6o+* r 
H 
15’% + 
"a 
2A'% + 
'% 
15'? 
M ’%+ 
U 
3 8 V - IU 
46'a 
’% 
29 
+ 
H 
X U - 
1 ? 
K H I I U 
28"?+ 
I U n u — u 

 u 

 u 
I U 

IO". G A F Cp 
IS H G A Fpf a u G A T S 
K ’ % G A T X pf? 5o 
4 
G C A Corp 
28 
A U G F B u sn 
.3? 84 a h G ab le m d 
71** G a m S k 
I 4o 
W+* G a m s p f l AO 
X U G a m s p f! 75 
32’ < G an n ett 
I W 
551 
6"? G ap S trs 
15e l l 
622 
K U G a rd D e n 
76 18 1987 
U U C a rf ink 
I o4 
7 
41 
12U G a sSvc 
H O l l 
4 ’ * G a te w a y In 
4 
18 
G e a rh rt 
28 
( I 
9 U G em in i 
Cap 
U U G em In I 2oa 
9 U G A In v 
I 22e 

 l l — I 
893 
UA 
38o 
4 
BOA 
1o7 
SO 
5x1o8 x2 
*1 

153 
121 
565 
Hi 
24 
*343 

I I H 
W H 
3 3H 
441* 
I U 
5 ’% 
6 
2 4 '. 
73 
24". 
X U l l ’ * 
W U 
1 5 V 
U H 

35’% Go Amo lb K 
8 "* Gen Banc 
8o U 
31 
9"? G n C ab le 
U IO 
917 
17 
G C in m a 
68 
9 
214 
3 U Gen D evelpt 
5 
126 
37"* Gen D yn a m 
6 
874 
46 
G e n E I 
I 8o 14 698o 
TAU Go Food I X 
9 4939 
15>* G nG th 
I i»e 
19 111 
8 ’ * Gen Host 
AO 
95 
S U Gen Inst 
271 
14 1321 
77’ * Go in str pf3 
77 
(3"? Gen M ed 
3o ll 
426 
2*W Gen M ills 
76 IS M 3* 
57’ . G nM ot 5 55e 
8 796o 
49". GMO! pf3 75 
2 U 
AS 
G n M o t pf 5 
43 
5 
Gen P o rt inc 14 
343 
K U G P U 
I 68 
IO 16A9 
A U G e n R e fr 
X 
8 
US 
K U G nSionl I o4 I ) 
248 
3 "* Gen steel 
2 3U G T e lE i 
7 
J IH G T lE l P U X 
76"? G T lE l pf ? 48 
14 
G T F I pf I 25 
U U G I F I pf I X 
18 
G T Ire 
I Kb 
4 ’% Geneseo int 
K H G enstar I to 
X U Genu P ts 
76 
3o 
G a P a c if 
X 
17 3o45 
TAU G a P w pf 2 52 
73 
?A 
G a P w pf 2 Ti 
69 
G a P w pf 7 X 
AA-* G aP w pf7 77 
19' ? G erb er 
I X 
8 
IS? 
G e ftv O 2 X a 
IS 
W U G etfO p f l X 
B H G ian t PC 
6o 
9 
43 
7 U G ib r F in 
6 1o64 
S H G id d L e w to 12 
AA? 
9 U G itfd H d l 
X 
7 
WO 
TAH G ille tte 
I X IO K95 

A53 
X 3626 
W 
257 
741o 
7*3o 
A 
91$ 
8 
537 
5 
K l l 
553 

HA 
352 
,245o 

74 
19' ? 
IA U 
U U 
A IU 
I I H 
U U 
7 5 U 
5"? 
5 2’ % 
54' ? 
31V* 
21'% u u 
W U 
37 
M ’% 
SAH 
76U 
55 
7? 
7 U 
19"? 
9 " . 
5 2H 
7 v* 
3 1", 
K H 
T i’ a 
I I N 
IA U 
26 U iv * 
22’ * 
37 H 
J 5U 
M j e u 
BA 
M U 
11$ 
TSU aba r n 
42 
K 

491 
65 
722 
355 
352 
1*1 
927 

Gm os Inc 
A U G le e s W 
79e 
A1 1 G lobal 
M er 
K U G lobe Un 
I 
7 
IT I G oldW t Fin i 
U U G oldW p f 78 
IS 
G oodrh 
12 
77 
C d r ch pf 7 85 
X ’ * Good y r 
I IO W 3 X 8 
9 H Got J w lA 
X 
6 
214 
22 
G ould 
I IO I7A3 
W U G ould p f l IS 
JA 
TAU G race 
I 7o 
IO MAU 
TAH G ra in g e r 
JA 16 
2oo 
1 2V G rancnJn 
I 
W * G re m tv l 
9o 
U U G ra y D rg 
K 
IO’ > Of Ai I Pac 
K H G tL k D I 2oa 
U U G t N d r I SQe 
T IU G tN o N k H O 
IJ H G tW n F m 
X 
9 
•A1» O f t e s t U nit 
A 
K H G IW " pf I X 
K U G rG 'a n t I o* 23 
23U G ro t p fl 76 
13 
G reyh 
I (Ua 
8 
I U G reyh n d WI 
I U G ro v e r in t 
14 
G ru m m 
8o 
4 
9 H G u ard In 
X 
I 
I 
G u ard M fg 
U U G ulfW stn 
X 
I U GU W in d wf 
74 
G lfW p f 
3 o7 
K 
Q lfM f pf 2 X 
7' ? G ltL fM ld 
*D 
I U G u lfM tg H it 
X + * G u ifO 'i 
I X 
U U G u ifR e v t 
I 
M U GUR pf A 
X 
M 
G ift pf B l X 
W U G U R ptC I 6o 
H U o " $ t U f 
I I I 
AB' I $ l t | U pf 4 to 

IO 
1o 
IO"* 
U H 
T IU 
9 ? 
11 
S H 
77'% 
K U 
V , 
TAH 
/ I M 
9o 
73 H 
U H 
2 * U 
29’ % 
JOHh 
IS 
7 
73o 
5 
A1 
5 
153 
X 18*9 
A 
IO 
IS 
Al 
7 
SJO 
9 IM T 
A 
59 

M G itS u pts o8 
J' > G u lto ^ m d ■ 

257 
3 
• 1o55 
2oo 
397 
4 
973 
I 
1o7 
•2 
4 347| 
1749 
6 

H i 
9 1977 
Al 
7 T M I a i9«7 
5 
« X 
■ K S 

• S 
8 
>37o 
I t i t 
1o 
WA 
I 
I 
13.14o 
4 
27 
K a IT ASI? ADH 

9 

M V w ind 
77-» M a c k * 
2 » 
U U H e llF B 
AA 
U U Mal I P rf 
X a 
4 8 '. M aln b rtn 
IA U H e m rtP I X 
J U H am m o n d 
K U Hen J SIK 
I 
W H H a n J ln y 
I 
3 U H an d lm n 
X U 
I n 
W H H andy H e r 
V 
7 
89 
U H H anesC p I JA 
A I X 
43 U H anna 
I IO 
T IU H er Br J I 32 
A H H ardees 
IA U H a rm a n 
5ob 
14 
M arm sn f 
X ll 
Herr#* J E ■ 
J IH H e rr Bk I X 
A 
J U 
JAH H a rris 
I ) U K 
W H Harsco 
I 4ob 
7 a|3 

,V% 
??'Y 
2o’ a 
J IH 
M 
TOU 
K H 
W H 
28 IS", 
2'* 
I V 
W U 
KU 
I U 
K 
J U 

U H 
T H 
29 
K U 
M'Y 
TTH 
2 3 H 
IA H 
XX 
5 
J U 
JA f l u 
J IH 

ATI 
IA H 
SI 
7 H 
.17311'% 
9o l l U 

TOH n<%k4H 
»H 
K 
: im 

 t 

H H 
H H 
32 
4 3U 
I 
SH 
S U 
23'% 
7 2U 
24' 4 
39U 
9 ’% 
K H 
IS 
14 
A V l f 
K U 
K H 
IO U 
X " ? 
H H n u 
74 
S U 
49 
53 X 
TIU 
11U 
K ? 
JAH 
K U 
33 
74"* 
SJH 
7 1HI 
W H 
I U 
X U 
AH 
M V 
351 * 
X U 
15"? 
K U 
7AU 
S U 
77U 
M U 
) ) V 
27'% 
29 
IS H 
UU 
TAH 
W I 
17"? 
9 U 
9 H 
O U 
IJ H 
77 
9 
IO U 
7’% 
25' * 
U H 
I I 
25', 
9o 
TTH 
U U 
X U 
29 
X U 
X ’% 
K U 
IA H 
U U 
U U 
TSU 
TOV 
X U 
JOH 
W U 
K U i i " , 
77", 

' II 
I H 
IT H 
M U 
I U 
IA U 
T U 
U H ii', 
I V 
7* 
17'% 
25 
2 1H 
22 
14 
SAU 
A IU 
AH 
J Uh 
I I Hr 
I v 
IT H nu 
AU 
W U 
B 'S 
W U 
32U 
9 ". 
JO'% 

 n»/% 
1 7 V 
32 
- 
4 3 U + 
I U + 
$’%♦ 
A 
23’ % + 
23 
+ 
1% 
24'% + 
'.« 
JA H 
I U 
11’% + 
I 7 
19'-* + 
'% 
K U u 
K H + u 
T U C 
H 
2 3 V 
V 
W H + 
H 
IS H ­ 
'% 
I I 
♦ 
U 
SAU— 
'% 
U U 
12 
2 5 '* + u 
5 "*— u 
5?"*— t% 

— H 

U 
H'% 
Uu 
V 
I U 
I Uu 
5 ". 

SAH + I 
3 o H + 
H 
2 1 H r 
U l l 
- 
U 
K ’%— 
’% 
MU 
U 
M ’ »— 
U 
3 4 H + I" , 
T S U - 
'% 
SAH 
T IU — 
U 
T U 
W U + 
'% 
I V - 
$1 
7 U + 
JI 
- 
K U . 
X U 
15'% - 
K - 
TAH 
S H + nu 
37 
- 
K U - 
27’% + 
29 
- 
OSU 
•S U + 
7 4 V 
197H + 
IO 
+ 
IO 
W k 
1o 
+ 
1 4 ',. 
2 7U + 
4 
- 
11 
+ 
•UA 
76 + 
IO '* 
K V + 
2 5 V 
W nu— 
1 IV + 
X '% — 
X U * 
X x 
- 
W H » 
IA H 
I I H ♦ 
U '% — 
X U * 
X U 
X U 
2 
J l V 
H 
W H — 
U 
M V + 
H 
W H + 
V n u 
K U — 
U 
I U!'/,+ u 
K U + 
'% 
IA H . 
'% 
T h - u 
I A N - 
’% 
J 
- u 
I T U — A' I 
X U — 
H 
U H + 
H 

IO 
+ 
V 
IT V A 
'% 
IS 
A 
U 
BNA I 
B k t 
U 
I A U - 
U 
X U - IU 

I 

3U 
H 
U 
H 

63 
A V 

I 

7"i 
4 ♦ 

B H ♦ 
KH 
A*'%— 
TA- 
% 

I U 

JI 
- 
K H ­ 
U U 

O’ * H a rtS M a 
1 7 '. M art#t4k 
X 
K U H at'S e 
I 44a 
B 
H e w i t t I M 
H U H a y ts A ib lb 
IU H a re "me 
AU H ecks 
I I 
(O H Hee U M 
M i 
I 
H e ilm B r 

 r 
IS H 
B V 

UA 

• J 
325 
JAI 
S B 
A 2A7 
H e m tH J 
I t 
IO 642 
25' ? H e m , p tl TO 
5 
H elen# Cur* 
M< ? Hefter int 
92 
JOU H e lm e rP 
X 
I U H em lap Cap 
A H H em m c 
Me 

•I 
H7 
AOI 
X I22 
*27 
H trc u ie k 
I U 15o1 l l , H er sh yF 
I H A 
3 K kton 
241 
X 
99) 

I i iUT 
X I 
% \l ASS VZ 
M e 
I 
I i i 
T U 

S t S I S • I S S J 
E 
' 
» 
' 
JBU- 

7 U H e s s to n 
U U Hestn p tl X 
M U H ep bl rn I » 13 
79' , H e w !IP k 
IO » 
AU H ah VO" a x X l f ' i H nlanbd 
X 
9 
15 
H ilto n *411 
92 l l 
W U H o b art 
14+* Hoe rn W ■ 
SH H o " EIA 
IM 
| 
IC H H o lid a y 
JO U 
14 
H lid y A I IQI 
24 
H o ilyS 
I X 
J H 
M V H otnestk la l l I X 
37U h o p y e ll I X 
IO IOU 
M U HoovBB I T i 
I it 
I U tAoriion Cd 
I I H M O A P A " 
I? 
X U h o sp C cA 
X 
J U H o r in ti 
« 

4 
A ll 
U U 
, 

*25 a 5? f e l l * i t 
♦ 

1 5 
1 1 V 
IT V 
JJU 
X '% 
A H nvT 
I U 
77’% 
TIU ll 
W U 
42’ . 
O IH 
B U nu f l u 
7 3H 

 i i . 

 i t n u 
U U 

 i i - . 
2*H 
45b 
27X ll 

V t 
X U 

V 
H 
VIV 

U H A 
U 
^ * — 
H 
„ I A 
•% 
TAH ♦ 
H 
TOV A 
U 
IO U + 
H 

I I U — 
’ 
IT H 
32'% - 
2IU itv— 
• f e 
I 
A 
77H 
B u ­ k h -& 

AM 
IU 
T IK 
P u 
IA3 

5A3 
I 
KT 
IO 
491 
■ 
W 
M 
H o n d a " 
B a 
I IM A 

U H 
It:: 
K U 
A IU 

I R 
J I * L 

I I H 
I V 
I I H 
2 )U 
M V 
K U 
ASH nu 

14V 

 f l u 
I U 
- 

 r 
M V i 
I I H * - 

 i ^ r a . 
S a le , 
Net* 
►-• _(h d » I 
H ig h Lew la s t C hg 

What at*>ui this prrposihon you ne emtii%i lh* sem riKr wiih’’' 

Y early 
H ig h Low 

T IU 
23 l l " . 
13H 
2 2 '. 
A IU 
X 
3 4 H 
K H 
17H 
(A V 
22’ % 
22 
8' ? 
52"? 
18' ? 
K U 
7 5 H 
IT V 
IS 
73' ? 
45U 
1o3 
5 H 

N et 
H ig h Lew Lott Chg 

Hoodpf 
2 25 ll" ? H o u g M if 
72 
TU H ouSFab 
28 
K U HouShF I X 
35’ ? HOUF pf 2 37 
X U HOUF pf? SO 
X '% HCKJSLP I 76 
25 
H ousN G 
7o 
9 H How John 

47’ 
19”. n u 
35 
J I ' . 
73'% 
99 
9 H 
28 
26' I 
27'% 
3o 
52' ? 
49U 
54’ * 
3o 
18’ a 
37 
7 H 
IO U 
Bl 
8 8 '* 
119' ? 
28’ * 
75' ? 
9 4 '. 
17' ? 
K U 
95 ‘ ? 
57U 
34 
5 8 V 
16' ? 
15 l l ’ I 
3 T . 
2' ? 
9 H 
48 1H 
8’ * 
42' ? 
JBR' ? 
28'% 
33' * 
42' * 
14’% 
19' ? 
7 9 '* 
8 
34’ * 
1o2 U 
6 3 '* 
W U 
S IU 
65 
A IU 
62 ? 
3o’ % 
ST ? 
3 IH 
15’ % 
17H 
27". 
7 
TSU 
17'% 
72 U 
2 8 '* 
26 
21+4 
6' ? 
K H 
15 

 l l 
H ubbrd 
I X 12 
14 
HudsnA 
X 67 
1o2 
14’* HudSnB 
8o 
66 
2 
4"? Hugh H at 
+o 
6 
54 i t 
HughsTI 
5o 13 X 37 
H+s H u m an a 
X l l 
314 
IO U H u n tO i 
34 14 
359 
13+. H d tn E F 
X 
5 
233 
IO’ * H o yck 
X 14 
523 
B+. H y d ro m l 
5? 
5 
164 
K U IC Inds 
I X 
7 
676 
33H IC In d pf3 5o 
48 
75 
IC Inds pf 6 
I? 
3 
IC N P h a rm 
7 1445 
34' ? IN A C p 
2 IO 
14*8o9 
16’ * IN A ln 
159a 
84 
9 H IU Intl 
9o l l 
99o 
26". I Clint A 
IT 
26 
Id ah o P 
2 16 l l 
352 
U U Ideal Ba I X 
9 
594 
58 
Ideal pf4 75 
4 
6 U Idea Toy 
32b 
5 
212 
22’ I IllP o w r 2 X IO 
749 
22' ? "P o w pf2 o4 
, 6oo 
22U "P o w pf2 IO 
74oo 
25' i " P o w pf? 15 
7)oo 
AA’ ? " P o w pf4 12 
181 
Al 
11 Pow pf 3 78 
712oo 
5o 
11 Pow pt4 47 
,42oo 
21 
IT W 
56 16 
I U 
'O U Im p lC p A 
24 
6 1411 
25’ * (N C O 
I 4oa 14 7464 
AU In cC ap 
B8e 
X 
R’% Inc CCU 
8oe 
SA 
66 
In d iM pf7 OB 
,867o 
67"? tn d 'M pf 7 76 
725o 
1o2 
In d iM pf 
12 
,1o7o 
19+% Ind I Gas 2 12 
9 
35 
X 
In d p lP C I 82 IO 
388 
77 
In P L pf6 25 
I 
12’ i In d lN a l 
1 X 
9 79 
6 H Inexco 
O il 
X 3658 
M '% In g e rR 
7 6o 
12 
987 
AAU IngR pf? I i 
116 
24 m ind Con 
I 
7 374 
A1 m in d s " I IO l l 
55? 
7+« In m o n t 
X 
I 664o 
B H In s ileo 
ROe 
8 336 
U U Ins" pf A l 25 
34 
X U InspCop 
5oe 
6o 
I 
Instil 
In v T r 
85 
7 
Inlegon 
36 
6 123 
■ISH in te rro 
I 66 
8 377 
3 ”. m te rc " 
D iv 3) 
25+* In te rla k 
2 X 
6 88 
223+* I B M 
9 
19 
In tF la v F 
44 
W a In tH a rv I 85 
32+4 In tM in C 2 X 
6'% In tM n q 
4oe 
K H In tM u ftl 
85 
57H Int P ap er 
2 
5'% In tR e c tif 
X 
72' * In tT T 
I 76 
9 
71 
In tT T p*E A aa 
In tT T p fH 4 
471 ? In tT T pf J 
A 
A IU In tT T pf IC 4 
47 
In tT T ptO 5 
77’ a IT T p fN 2 25 
45’ a IT T p fl 4 X 
O U In frp c e 
I 45 
7 
64 
In trp c e p f 
5 
K ’ % In trp G p I X 
7 
IO’ * In tra B rd 
56 
8 
14’ % In trs P w 1.45 
9 
24 
In trP w pf? » 
AU m trsfL m 
24 21 
W H iow a Bf 
3 
U U lo w a E I 
I X 
9 
IT H Iow a I IG 
I 84 ll 
24". lo w " ! pf2 JI 

K 4715 773 
23 3311 
2 1H 
5 W X 
3 2 H 
6 15o6 
X H 
6 
1o1 
14". 
7 
773 
19'? l l X A I 
66+% 
183 
6 H 
9 7783 
34 

21 
1?’ % 
23H 
IOU 
37'% 
45’ 3 
1o3 
9? 
9 1 '* 
89' i 
13o 
113 
24' * 
B U 
35”. 
96 ? 
I TU 
» '% 
5o"? 
19’ * 
56' I 
71V 
W H 
X U 
AV, 
52 * 
AO't 
44'* 

76"? 
1o 
K U 
X U 
IJ'% 
7 9 V 
X 
45' * 
5? 
57 
31 n u 
21”. 
??' ? 
TOH 
29 
BH 
73 
I T * 
M +* 
11 n u 
1o+. 
X U 
17”, 
28' ? 
M ’% 
21+. 
7? 
I7 + . 
77'% 
33'a 
5 3U 
5 ) 
47’ » 
U H 
JOU 
39H 
K H 
I i 
2 * ’a 
S5U 
8 
47' ? 
A IU 
K U i i 
14+4 
S U 
A’ ? 
17+* 

V 
SAU 
T IU 
W H 
K U l l V 
M U 
M U 
34 
J9 
W H 
W H 
7 
K n u 
I H 
TAU 
IO U 
U U n + . 
79 U 
• u 
J 7 U 
77' > 
W H 
3 ’ # 
AH 
K U 
9o l l 
X 
K U 
73' a 
W 
AU 
IT H 
44 
I I H 
U U 
W U 
K U n u 
17' ? 
T IU 
N 
M U 
S IU 

92’ a l i t ' I 
2o 

K U 
J IH 
K U 
W U 
W H 
AAU 
17", 
A 
TAH 
JAH 
47 i tv 

5 H 
TOU 
17 
22U 
.............. „ 27 U 
21”* lo w a P L t 2 IO IO UA 25' ? 
IT H lo w a P S I » l l 695 T IU 
3 U IpcoH osp o5e 
9 1o95 
6"? 
S U link 
Corp 
31 
281 K U 
5+* 
Mel C orp 
X 
7 2611 IA U 

J — K — I * 

U U ja m e s F 
8o l l 
279 71 
U+% 
Jam esF w i 
I U H 
IA U Jant?en 
X 
6 *61 
17’% 
TU JapanF 
Ale 
336 
24H J e ftP ilo ! 
X l l 
TSI 
36 
JerCen pf 
4 
82 
JerC e pfA 36 
7T ? JerC e p tt I? 
72 
JerC en pf 
8 
X " ? JerC e pf? 88 
11o". JeC pf 13 X 
IOO1 i JerC en p l ll 
W U je w e lC 
I X 
3 ’ * J e w e lc o r 
23 
Jh n M a n I X IO 1582 
31 
TI"? JonnsonJn la 21 17o3 77 
IJ H J o h n sE F 
X 
5 
315 
IS 
U H John Con 
1 X 9 
2M 
28 
26U JhnC ont pf? 
I 
X 
12’ ? Jon Logo 
. » 
5 
471 
K 
5) 
Jo n Laopf 
5 
I X 
53 
X U Jorgen n 

A U 
AV 
31", 
29 + 
71o 
4SU 
45' 
723oo 1o3 
1o1 
7 i X 
9) 
AO 
{IO 
RA 
89 
73ooo 
87 
87 
/A X 12oU 127 
713oo 112 
11o 
8 
61o 
7 3 H 
22+ 
9 
136 
AH 
4", 

16 
Josfens 
3 7 H Jo yM tg 
X IO 
178 
K U 
1 3o 11.1962 45 V* 

U u 
U h 
IAH IIU- 

 u 
IS H 
X + « 
'% I 
3 V u 
• I I " , 
V 
4 
" 
S V 
Mi 
I 
I", 
V 
! f a u 
J 
JO > 
H 
* P 
H 
U'% 
I V 
A V 
I 
I X U u 
I J IH 
I U 
7 7 V 
V 
V 
I 
A IV 
V 
AAU 
V 
1 
K 
V 
X U 
V 
Tiv i ' 
IJ H 
' 
M U it! 
VZ 
> J 
A IUIit 

I U Justice M fg 
79 
U L M A iriin 
$ 
29 
27’ ? K aisr Al 
I X 13 
793 
39’ . < i 4 7ip f? 37 
{ I X 
X U tea;A pl 
4 12 
4 
$7' ? a a . w p f4 75 
3 
55' ? k a i 66pf4 75 
36 
S U K alsC em 
X 29 
356 
17+. K aiC e pf I 37 
36 
24 
K aiC e p f? X 
14 
A U K ane M il 24 
4 
1 37 
19". K anab 
I IO 
364 
25 
K C fy P L 2 36 
9 
3o6 
A I U K C P L p f J X 
I M 
X 
K C P L p l4 35 t x 
49 
K C P L p it X 
{4oo 
11 
K C S ouln lr 
A 
1o4 
A U KC io u pf I 
14oo ft 
K a n G E I I 7A t 
791 
IA U K an N b 
I 32B t 2523 
It 
K an P i t I X 
8 
I X 
25' i K a P L pf2 32 
13 
3 
K a ty Ind 
633 l l " . K ty p fB I 46 
I U 
A U K auf Bcd 
o6% 241398 
IA U K ai/f p tl X 
14 
I U K a w ecki B rl 16 
8o 
4 ”% Keene Cp 
X 
8 
753 
5 H K eller 
X 
8 
WA 
X 
Kellogg 
I IO M IA43 
12 
K et IwuOd 
X 
5 
AO 
M U K en n m tl 
96 l l 
U 
25"% K ennel 
TOP Al 3664 
X 
K y U til 
I 84 
8 
3oo 
13 
K e rrG ls 
X 
S 
57? 
X H K e rrM c I 25 14 K IA 
IA U Keys!C on la 
A 
22 
IA U K iddeW I X 
A 
272 
Al 
K id d e p tB 
4 
43 
K iddepfC 
4 
U 
K U K im b c i 
I X 
8 
6o8 
BH K ing DSI 
X 
8 
ASA 
U H K .rv rh C o 
AO 17 
52 
X U K m g tR ld 
7? 12 
145 
R U K o eh n n g 
SO* 
J 1333 
28 
Koan pf? 75 
38 
X 
K oppers 
9o 
9 1849 
X 
K opprpf 
4 
{ 2 X 
J U K o ra c rp md 
5 
127 
X H K ra ft 
2 IT 
9 
VIJ 
31U k resgeS 
32 19 7442 
IO 
K roehter M f IS 
A3 
IT H K roger 
I 44 
8 
525 
71 +* K ubota 
1 o6 24 
X 
A"? Kyyor 
X l l 
X 
I U LF E CP 
2o 
56 
A U L F E pf 
X 
J 
IO 
L T V Corp 
A 3o63 
U U L T V A 
351 
7 
4JU L t V C p pt 
5 a 17 
17' ? L ac G as U t IO 
47 
17 
L Am Sea I IO IT 
IIT l l " . L a n e B ry 
X 
7 
179 
8' ? la w tr C h 
34 I t 
157 
A"* l e a r S>eg 
X 
I 7 7 X 
Z I’ . LearS pf2 25 
7A 
JA’ . L easw y I tOb 
I J?) 
K H LeedsN 
X b I ) 1275 
I? 
Lee son* 
75 
5 
93 
X U L eh P C f 
I 
12 
AS 
U I eh V al m d 
145 
M ’% L V In p f! X 
I 
IO U L ahm n 
94e 
731 
A"? L e n n a r Crp 
AA 
18 
L e n o * 
I IO 
M 
AU LA +Fay 
4ob 
A 
93 
A U L e v F d Cap 
81 
17 
LevF In 
75a 
W 
M V L e v S tr a 
X 
7 IAT! 
4 
L fv J U F y rn 
71 159A 
AOB 
U 
UT 
KA 
45 
„ 
I B 
9 P<7 
HOO 
74U L a g o pf5 25 
.7 
43 
L 'liy E " I X 
17 1348 
24 
L m c N # t 1 X 1 ) 
855 
AA 
L in e N ip ! 
J 
14 
K+« L m cP i 
I 72 , 
79 
I U Lionel Corp 
9 
261 
A U L 'tfo n ln 
M f 
I ) 1541 
77 
L 'ttfK Y P f 
J 
4 
IA U L'HOn pfB ? 
49 
A H LO tkhd A irt 
3 
958 
K U Loct te l f 
IS 
171 
21 
Loew s 
I X s I M I 
A 
Come PNI 
X IO i l l 
U U L o rn V 
84> 
16 AOS 
14 
Lone it e r I IO 
9 735 
W 
LoneS pf4 X 
2 
K U Log ISL! I 56 
8 
AAA 
42 
L H .p t 
4 35 
115oo 
TO 
C l i p t 
5 75 
A 
7* 
L IL pt 
I U 
14o- 
I U 
D L p ts 
I ) 
{TOO 
K H L IL P IO J 47 l l 
27’ . L o n g D rg 
IM l l 424 
I U L o ra l Cp 
X 
I 
295 
22 
LAL and I X l f 297) 
I? 
L a P a i it 
X b U 3o8) 
T IV Lout SGS I 9J 
9 
UA 
H U I ow W S I 
*u 23 l l f l u L u b rn p i I IO 14 
X 5 
I ) 
L u c k y , 
M b 
14 111) 
A ". L u d lo w 
X 
111 
X 
L u ken S t I X 
7 
295 
U U LvkesC p 
X 
4 
482 
M U ty k e s pf? X 
155 
4 
LyflC S ys 
X I? 
2o7 

M 
- N 
- 4 

IO U M 
I F * 4oa 
4 .5 8 
25 U M C A mc lb 
7 
U C 
I " , M i l c p a 
Tm 
IG V M G lC ln 
IO 
TAU 
I U M a c A F x a 
7 
)v 
T U M ac Dan a I 
5 
155 
A u M a c k e 
K 
A 
K l 
4 ". M e e m e " 
X 
I 2354 
I I H M e m i p t l JO 
IO 
TAH M a r y 
I X 
o 
AAA 
47' , M A cypf 4 25 
(OO 
O U M e d is F d 
72a 
425 
4 
M a d Sci 
G a r 
A 
47 
A H M a g K C I t i I I K W 
J IH M a llo ry 
I l f 
149 
B 
M a t H yd e 
M l f 
1o2 
A V M e n h ir 
X 
A 
72 
» 
M tf H en I *» 
9 2649 
J IH M A P C O 
9o 
15 1244 
I ' . M a r a IM I 
Ile 
1.671 
A T , M e r a 'h n O 2 
9 1251 
U H M a r A m i 
X 
7 
47o 
I U M a r M id 
IO 
1321 
H U M a r ionC .52 14 
» 7 
M a r ley 
I 
7 
157 
M e rrig t 

T IV LO + 
I B e 
SS". LO F p l 4 75 
9 '? L 'b rty Cp 52 
T ? L 'p rty Loan 
J H L 'b r'y u n et 
79' 4 L ig g tQ p 2 X 
82 
I O g'G p * 

Ii 

IT 
M aso n ite 
X 14 
525 
23". 
9 U M a s M 
T ile 13 
94 
IA U 
K U M a s s y Fer la 3 2oo4 
7 IU 
14’ . M asC p 
I to ll) 
KH 
IO U M as Inc 
9oe 
244 
H U 
W U M a tsuE 
28e 12 
697 
TAH 
A U M a tte l inc 
6 2147 
6"* 
X U M a y D S tr I 12 IO 116 
M U 
24H M ayrO sc 
I X 
1o.1o4 3 3 V 
2+* M ays 
JW 
I X 
8o 
3 H 
M U M a v tg I 5oa 
14 
2o9 
13 
M cC o rd 
84 
6 
227 
3 7 U M c D er m ot I 
4 1747 
48+* Mc O m a 
(He 2o 4757 
IA U M c D onD 
44 
8 IMO 
13 +* Mc Don h 
9o 
5 
46 
21U M c G E d I X IO 
279 
U U M cG rw M 
64 IO 
A ll 
2o+. M G H pf I » ll 
2 4H M c In ty r 
I JO? <66o 
U U M c K e e 
9o 
6 
IOO 
19+% M cL ean 
46 
9 
98 
K U M c Lout I X 12 
249 
9 U M c N e il 
X 
7 
115 
16+. M eadC p 
92 
6 IA X 
35’ . M ea pfA 2 X 
’ 8 
K U M ea pf BJ X 
184 
17 
M edusa 1 X 
7 
61 
17H M e Ville 
X 
12 UTO 
V U Mc<nasc 
X 
7 
188 

265 
IM 
{IOO 
1)ooo 
1219o 
{HJO 
,369o 

42’ % M e re s tr 
X 
9 
51o 
62's M e rc k 
1 5o 19 229o 
IOU M e re d ith 
TO 
5 
114 
14’ ? Mer rL y n 
X 
8 1937 
19 
M esa Pet to 74 2827 
24' 7 M esP p tl X 
618 
6 
M esabi I Ida- 
9 
965 
K U M esta M I 45 
8 
39 
12”. M G M lr 
7 164o 
15 
M e tro m I IO 
35"? M e tE pf J 9o 
73"? M e tE pts I? 
TO 
M e tE pf? to 
73’ ? M IE pf J8 32 
71’ . M e E pf 18 I? 
73 
M tE pfHR 32 l l ' ? M iChG s I 1o 
17' ? M ic h T b e I » 
26+% M h W i pf 2 67 
25 
M h W i pf2 12 
13+* M ic ro w v 
4o 
U U M id Cfi 
1 )6 
I3 H M id S U t 
I 38 
I 
M ldlnc! M tq 
W H M id lR o 
I X 
2o' 1 M lle s L b I 28 
15 
M ilg o Elect 
9 H M ilfB ra d 
X 
71' 7 M ih n G s I 77 
52 
M in M M I AS 
IS1 4 M in n P L I 66 
H U M irro A l 
96 
8 
M issn E q 
36 
??+% M P a c C 
I X 
17+. M o P acR p fl 
X ' a M o P tC e I X 
9 U M oP S v lb 
24H MOPS pf? 44 
47’ 1 M obil 
J X 
3 U M o b ile Horn 
1 5 '. M ohasco 
9o 
3 
M ohk D ata 
K U M ohk R 
I JO 
18 
M o lyco rp la 
28 
M o ly pf T X 
16 
M onrh 
I 2oa 
6+* M onogr 
28 
7V. M o n rE q 
2o 
76 
M onsan 2 X 
8 4 '* Mons pl 2 75 
26’ H M on D U 2 to 
77' * M o n p w I X 
2 IU M o n is t I 8oa 
7+% M O N Y 
96.' 
29 U M o o reM cC I 
X 
M o rg an 
2 
18 
M o rris K n u I 
IO U M orse Sh 
X 
T U M tg e T r Am 
1 3 'b M er Nor 
88 
A T * M o to ro la 
84 
M + * M f Fuel 
2 
19 
MtstTe 1 rn 
7 
M u n fo rd 
4o 
5' » M u n fd pf 
X 
141* M unsng I OB 
K U M o rp h C I » 

J J U 
14 
45'% 
SOU 
23U 
23 
W H 
K H 
26H 
32U 
17U 
2 $H 
K H 
12 
2 oH 
53 
52 H 
29U 
27’ % 
17' ? 
45+* 
6 7 H 
19". 
24+. 
38 
39' 9 
9 H 
2 9H 
19 

X 
X 12 
X 72 n i ­ si 
5 

16’ % M u rp O il 
X 
U U M u rry O h I X 
J 
12 
IAU M u tlO m I 32 
85 
6 ’ * M y e rs L to 
665 
2 3 '* N C R C p 
72 14 1599 
U U N I Inc 
I X 
9 357o 
K H N I TCP 
64 
7 1o37 
6 H N V F 
7 Ait 
7 
278 
35' 1 Nabisco 2 AO IO 
7o3 
29' ? N a lro C h 
»6 16 1191 
IO' % N a rc o S c i^ B 
IO"* NashuaC ll 
N a! Air! 
H U N A v ia 
IO' 1 N atC an 
21 
N C an p f! 5o 
IR 
N H O ’ em to 13 
S H N tC ity L n 
3oe 
25 
N a tD e tr 1 52 
7 
K H N a tD 'S l I X 
7 
21 
N a tF u e 2 16 
8 
24' 1 N a tF u e ! pf2 X 
H U N a tG y p I o5 IO 
3 U N at 
Hom es 
S U N a tln d 
JO 
4 
11’% N I Ind p fl 25 
14 
N M ctC are 
o4e 
7 ". N M e d E 
36 
6 
15". N M In eS v 
X II 
K 
N a tP ts to 
2 
6 
24'% N et Sem lcn 
9 U N SVC m d 
8? 
12"h N S ta n " 
VA 
AAU N S tarch 
88 
37'% N a tlS " 
2 5o 
J U N at 
Tea 
72' 1 N a to m a I X 
K H N eptune 
X 
17' 1 N e v P w I 6o 6 . 17o] 
K U N e v P p fl to 
K U N e v P pf I 74 
2) U N e v P pf7 *1 
TOH N e v P pl I 95 
19 
N E n q El I 86 
12+. N E n G E I TA 

26U N E n P 

28 
43’ 
91 
88 
88' » 
9o 
93 U 
14+% 
23' ? 
291* 
25"? 
T IU 
IS H 
K U 
I U 
31U 
23 U 
21H 
IA H 
23’ . 
56’ * 
J IH 
13 +* 
I7 H 
*4 
33U 
27H 
K H 
27’ * 
64+* 
4 
K U 
7". 

 l l39". 
X U 
25 U 
IA U u u 
8 7 ', 
VA' , 
36 
28U 
23’ ? l l 
4 7 '. 
SHU 
73 
U U 
AU 
T IU 
53+* 
46' . 
25+* 
9 U 
AU 
K U 
JO’ ? 
27 V 
W H 
17 
IO U 
37' 1 
TOU 
23’% 
9 H 
X H 
J JU 
IA U 
IT H 
U U 
16+a 
U U 
24+, 
2 2H 
9 U 
78’ % 
2 4U 
29". 
27+% 
I6+* 
$"* 
7 H 
14'% 
318+* n u 
J JU 
49 H 
27", 
IA U 
K H 
49", 
AS", 
A H 
3 9 H 
19 
TA H 
?4oo 
19 
V391o TO". 
{434o 
25'% 
.2 6 
22 
542 
23 
I 
383 
K U 
281o 1o6' 

I 
31 
I 7 n o at 
K l l l 
WA 
IO 
159 
1o1WoI 
312 
I 
BOI 
8 
355 
14 
44o 
( 
217 
8 
5) 
18 
8 
4973 
266 
IO 
9o 
8 
143 
7 11o8 
16 
8 
125 
8 
WA 
13 
7 23 W 
228 
7 
122 
26 
1537 
3 
39 
9 
296 
15 
5 
58 
6 
155 
26 
IR K 
8 
126o 
7 
7 
Al l l 
373 
193 
1) 
458 
5 
3 X 
1? 
1463 
5 
IOO 
5 
3)8 
94 
ATV 
3o 
1633 
12 
STB 
9 
KT 
5 
WA 
X 
IO 
127 
8 
139 
7 17(16 

VIM 
336 
331 
74 366? 
8 
49o 
8 
I U 
3 
146 
o 
415 sa 
8 2841 
76 

27U 
U U 
X U 
K U n u 
2 3H 

 i t 
J JU 
J U 
34' % 
K H 
43 H 
$2 
22 H 
22’ % 
29U 
IS H 

R S 
K H 
23H 
IT H 
I I H 
W U 
51 
5o' , 
28U 
26 
K U 
45 
64"? 
K U 
23’ a 
34U 
35 U 
S U 
28 U 
17U 
27U 
43 
9o 
88 
88U 
88 U 
86’ 3 
14 
27U 
29' 3 
25 V 
X " . 
W U 
K U 
I V 
29’ . 
22 
X U 
13U 
JJU 
52 x v 
13 
K U 
4o+. 
31+* 
27' a 
K U 
26+, 
62 
3+* 
U U 
6+* 
JI 
3 *’ % 
X 
24+. 
T IV 
IO U 
SAU 
94' 1 
35 V 
2 7 '. 
23H 
IO U 
ASH 
SJH 
2 2 V 
U U 
4 
W U 
X U 
AAU 
24’ . 
8' > 
6 V 
U U 
W U 
2 5 V 
19 
K U 
9' » 
3SH 
W U 
73 
9 U 
4 8 '. 
33 n u 
17V 
12' I 
K U 
I ) 
2 4 '* 
21' • 
9 U 
77 U 
2 3 V 
27'* 
26U 
K H 
A U 
T I 
IA U 
U'% n u 
21 
46 U 
25", 
14 
K 
ABU 
AW* 
A U 
3 5 V 
K U 
TAU 
K U 
W H 
74' , 
21 
22'% 
15 

2?U 
U U — 
U 
X " e ~ IU 
K ' a - 
V 
H H 
2 3 V - 
I 
6"a + 
V 
3o'-*+ 
'» 
13 V 
+* 
3 " . - 
' . 
» 
- 
'% 
15+%— 
'. 
4 4 H + I U 
52 
- 
I a 
% s» 
M U 
3 o V * i i 
K U * 
'1 
26V 
32' 3 + 
IU 
17 
2 3 H 
IU 
U H — h 
U 
+ 
U 
19+. 
M 
SI 
- 1+. s i u u 
78' ? 
IU 
2 7 U t 1+. 
U H 
45+* 
64”% 
K U 
24+% * 
JR 
* 
39'a * 
9’ 
79 V 
18+* * 
27’ ? 
43' I 
9o 
88 
— 
8 8 '. 
X 
- 
X 
14 V 
2 2 V — 
29' ? 
25+t* • 
2 1 V ♦ 
K U * 
K H * 
I U 
X U * 
27U 
21' * * 
IA H 
73 
57U 
X U 
13+* * 
U U 
4 3 U ♦ 
32’ . * 
2 7 ', 
K U 
27 
62' * 
J U 
17V 
7U J 
? )U 
3 9 U . 
X ”. ♦ 
TSU • 
14 +% ♦ n u 
85 >. 
94' ? 
35 V 
2 7 V 
2 3 V * ll 
4 5 '. 
56 f 
22U t n u 
AU 
X U ♦ 
W U 
44’ % 
25 V . 
o V 
6 ' ? 
18 t 
X U t 
27"* I 
W U * 
K V 
IO U t 
37". 
X U 
73 V ♦ 
9 U 
48‘ , 
33 V 
13”. * 
W V 
13 
K U 
13 
74’ 3 
2 1 ', 
9'% 4 
2 8 V 
JAH 
2 8 V 
26*4 
K U I 
A”. 
7 V 
IA H 
U U uu 
71 
47 H I 
26U * 
IA H 
KU t 
X U 
45 V I 
A U 
38 ’ . 4 
18' r f 
T A H 
19 t 
W H * 
24+4 
T IU 
T I' » 
K U I 

I 

 v| 
In b an kru p tcy o rre c e lv e rs h lp o rb e in g re o rg a n lie d 
W ider the B an kru p tcy Act. or secu rities assum ed bv soc** com panies 
. 
W here a split or stock d ivid en d am o u n tin g to 25 per k e n t or m o re has been p aid the yea’ s high low ra n g e 

 r p 
— m 

Stock Symbols 

Sate* fig u re s s r# u n o fficial. 
U n less o th e rw is e n o te d r a te s o fd lv id e n d s ln th e fo r e lOing fab le a re annual d isbursem ents based on thelast 
'arte r I y or sem i an n u al d e c la ra tio n 
Special or a n tra ' 
" / dencfs or p aym ents not d esignated as re g u la r a rc o eotified in the follow ing footnotes a 
Also e * tr a or e *tra s b 
Annual ra te plus stock 
‘ v'dend c -L iq u id a tin g divid en d e 
D e c la re d or paid 
! preceding 
12 m onths i 
D ecla re d o r p a ld a fte rtto c k iv ld e n d o s p lltu p I 
P a id th ls y e a r d lv ld e n d o m ifte d , leferred or no action taken at last d ividend m eetin g 
D eclared or paid this year an a c c u m u la tiv e issue w ith dkvidendsm arre a rs n 
N ew issue r 
D e c la re d or a id in p r e c e d in g !7 m o n th s p iu s s to c k o lv ld e n d t 
P a id stock In preceding I? m onths e s tim a te d cash valu e rn e * d ivid en d or ex d is trib u tio n d ate 
% 
E s divid en d or e * rig h ts y 
E * divid en d and les in full 
I 
Sales in full cid -C a lle d wd 
W hen d istrib u ted w i 
W hen issued 
W ith w a rra n ts 
* w 
W ithout w a rra n ts 
.d is 
E * sfrlbut'On 

49 
JI 
(OSU 1o6 

N E n g T 
2 X 
IO 
97 36+% 
24 
N Y S E O 
2 4o 9% 796 
S IU 
19 
N Y S E pf3 75 i m 
45 
65 
N Y S E pts X 
{SIO 1o3' ? 
21 
N Y S E p f7 12 
IB TSH l l 
N e w h a ll 
46 l l 144 18+% 
23 
N e w m l 
I X 
IS 127o 
78' 1 
73"? N w m t pf4 X 
A 
86 
17"? N .a M P 
I 24 
9 1542 
IS 
1 3 ". N ia M p f 3 X 
1 2 X 
Al 
36 
N ia M p f I X 
154o 
46 
4o 
N ia M p f 4 IO 
{49o 4o"? 
AAU N ia M p f 4 85 I WOO 
SS'* 
X 
N ia M p f 5 25 
{ I X 
59 
56"? N ia M p f 6 IO ?3o'o 
X U 
1o4 
N IV pf l l 75 
{ASO 118' ? 
9 5 U Ni M f it 
IO X 
72 
N ia M pf 7 72 
151 l l 
N iag S h r 
95e 
63 
M U N ic o r 
? 17 
8 217 
M U N icor [ R I X 
6 
771. N o rfW h i 
I 76 
8 IA X 
14 ? N or I In 
I 25 
5 o9 
27'% N o rris 
I X 
7 I X 
33 
NoA C oal 
X 
V 45 
2 V No Am M I 
6oe 
719 
W U N oA P hl t x 
8 226 
2 H N oC A ir 
We 
J SH 
U N o t» 'A ir wi 
131 
T i Noes! Ut I o2 
8 3 9 X 
16 
N ln d P S I 44 
8 
8o7 
U H N or NGS 7 o8 
7 1o41 
79 
NONG pf5 IO 
{ I X 
76 
NONG pf6 X 
{355o 
74"? NONG pf6 84 
{ X 
23", N o S tP w I 94 IO 127) 
X 
N SPW pf 3 X 
I X 
44 
NSPW PIA OB 
I JO 
45 U N SPW pf4 IO 
(IQ 
ASH N S P w pf4 16 
I X 
SO1 ? N S P w pf4 56 
IOC 1 NSP pf IO 36 
95"? N S P w pf8 X 
25' I N or Tel 
64 
12 
J U N o rth g a te Bt 
65 
22U N o rth rp I X 
IO 7o1 
23 
N w st A irt 
45 
17 9o8 
43 * NwtBnc 
I ac l l x a 
TAU N W IE n rg y 7 
7 552 
74H N w tE n r ct 2 
7 X 
» '% NW I Iud 
2 25 
4 1426 
34", N w st Ind w i 
8o 
73 
N w tm pf 4 X 
7 
24 U N w tP pf2 X 
X 
9 " , N w S M u tL Ie 
18 I X 
77'? N w tS tW I X 
I ) 745 
B U N orton 
I X 
7 87 
U H Nor Sim 
X b 
IO ITW 
39"? NOMS of I X 
K l 
14", Nucor CP 
37 
7 X 
9 H ORCC© 
I 
6 246 
7'% O ak Ind 
X 
9 97 
U U O a k ite P 
1 
9 es 
13' ? Dc cid Pet 
I 1417)17 
I V O ccid P ef wf 
7V64 
3 c d P pf2 16 
111 
Sec 1 P p ! I X 
1o23 
S c a d Pl pf A 
2o6 l e o * pf? X 
173 ade,. 
I X 
5 1o77 
Bde pf I 87 
88 
I 7o 
IO 1397 

{AO m u m u m u 
HO 1o6 , 1o6"% IO*' , 

 l f 

5 37 J 37 Ok U G I 
IO* 1717 K H 
Ii " * 
18312 5 J I 3 3? J I? 

.T a u 

IO 
Ok I GE Pf rn 
M u O U a N G I X 
JOU O im C p 
I X 
U U O h n k rft I IO 
»'% O m a rk 
7? 
O neida 
84 
O p elika I I? 
H a n R k 
I 36 ran g e 
2ob 
) u 'M ar 
I 4o jtle fC o 
X 
3 verm IT 
X 
JverSh 
X b 

H 
’ - U 
H 

P N B M R to W 
1o1 
P P & ln d 7 X 
8 1o21 
5 , PSA 
Inc 
219 
12' 7 P acA S 
I 24 
o9 
X 
Pec G E 
I X 
9 571o 
K U P e e l tg 
I X 
8.75J 
26H Pac L f 
1 X 17 
267 
JA' 4 Pac P e tri 
86 
9 
X 7 
X 
Pac P w 
I X 
9 1467 n u P a c t T 
1 4o v 
X I 
TI"? P a c T T pf 6 
{M O i v P a c T m x 14 
595 
I ' . P a in e W 
V5e 
4 
487 
K H P a iW iii I I 
JO* 
4+« P a lm 4 
X 
5 
$17 
J”. P a m ,cia 
I? 
I 
3 X 
A H Pan Am 
A ir 
IMA 
29H P a n E P 
2 X 
9 1o27 
I 
P apr cfi 
6*b 
I 
1o3 lf'% P a rg a s m c 
I 12 1732 
IT H P a rk , Dr 
)Qe 9 
65o 
21U P ar Men I JO 
9 
AU 
M U P e rk Pen m 
8 
315 
7 ". P air kP I J$t K 7793 
K 1 P eylsn w 
X 
9 
69 
IA H Peabody 
16 13 
366 
4 ". Pen O '* 
24b 
149 
ATU Penney 
I 28 1J 1*93 
19 % P e P w L * I X 
9 
AAU P a P l p lA X 
47 
Pe PL PM 5o 
87 
P /.P l p l 8 X 
X u P a P i p l* to 
P a P i 
PIV it 
P a p I.' p in 
P e P L t pf 13 
77 
P a P I pf 
8 
| 7 B 92 
« 
P e P L 
P f* X 
*55o X 
B U Penn w it I X 
« 
447 
13 
A l" , P «nw i pf2 5o 
A X U 
Ti 
Pan wi pf I AO 
31 M U 
IV a P en n /o ' 
I X IO K 7 ) 
33 V 
M U P a n e l p fl 33 
I 
Al 
16 
P e n n i p f BA v 78oo 94 
5 'a P aopO rg 
X 
9 
3(4 
H U 
JAU PeopGs I X 
8 
AW 
X U 
X U P e p *'Go 
7 K 
95o 
79H 
K U P e r*E m 
J I i i U45 
X H 
7 3 V P e n n c l l 
I l i t 
J IH n u F e lin e pf X 
I 
17 
IJ H F elin e pf I 
?1 
I I 
X V F e!ar Pl 
X a IO 
X 
1 2 U 
U U P a ir est I X K 
54 
75 lti'% P e irq ia n 
7? 

I X 5 
{45o 
IM O 

H i i ] 'o* 
( M u ta i 
% 
149o 1 I4 U ITS' * 114 f 

I t s ’[ P '1 % X r n ( f V 
# % 
3 1 V 
J I'? * 

A IU P a ir O' pfl_J7 

I : 
K S W 
S 1 
8 
I f i t 
& 
J 
K H M a r f M a I X i 
(13 
24 
245% ti 
U H M a r ,k e y 
X 13 
2(2 
1 9 V 
W H 
. lf 
M rld C u p 
44b 
H I U 
M ’% 2 »%* 
S H * I U i t 
M e u p Cp 
7* 14 im ; B u b v f i 
- 
I Vv i . m u ’ 

„ 
F x r lm } Ste 
15o » 
25U Ff% ar 
M 
I ] U M M U 
M V P h alp D 
2 X l f IS M X 
U H W u la d 
I 44 
IO 2143 IS 
B 
P h i l f pf4 M 
39 . P f , " I pt4 X 
A l' , P f ,iii p it th 
63 4 P h tia E l pf7 
74 
P n l l f p f | 75 
7o 
P h il? pl7 X a * 
P m , a ca9 4% 
'I ¥ i m m u 
1429o 
BTU 
{VAX 
B f’/* i i o x i i 
,s x o 'Sa * IA T 

1o4 u 
89 
86' ? 
14' ? 
63' 4 
BU 

1?'% 
J3U 
17+4 
BH 
45 
3 7 '. 
U H 
IR 
23+* 
48 
JI >8 

YeoHy 
Mtgh Lew 

84' . P h ilE p!9 5o 
1758o 1o4 
X U P h ilE pf 7 X 
1127o 
89 
66’ 
P h ilE pf7 75 
IX O 
8$' 
12+. PhilaS ub 
X 
8 
877 
K V 
4 9 '. PhiiM O f 
I X 14 44S9 
59M 
3 U 
P h ilip * m d 
24 
239 
7’ , 
6' 1 
Pf?," b in d pf 
17 13’ 1 
49’ ■ 
P h i" Pet I X 12 1R64 64 
7+% 
P h i" V n H 
X 
8 
75 
IO’ , 
14’ , 
P ic k w ic k 
32 9 
271 U G 
IS 
P ied N G I 44 
8 
55 
17 
A' I 
Pi CY I 
Im p rt 
8 
13o 
6 ’ 
JJU 
P ills b ry I 16 14 2o42 45 
27 V 
Pion Pf 
I 44 IO 
545 37 L 
15 U P i on p i E l 
13 
157 
) A '. 
13' ? P ltn p yR 
68 
13 24o9 
17". 
U H P ittF rq 
X h 
7 
38 
19' 
P itfs tn rn a 384) 
35' 
P ilia H t 
o9% 17 
584 
76 
P lan R% vch 
7 
4o2 
A’ l 
P layb o y 
I? 15 1885 
8 ’ , 
Pl essey 
861’ 
7 
2o5 
1o+' 
Ph%umo 
I 
5 
5oo U G 
P o laro id 
X 
K 3929 37G 
6 
PondCYosa 
38 1o97 
7G 
K U 
PopoTal 
7o 15 
JA 19V 
U U f+orlac sn IO 
146 J?’ , 
Petri GE 
I 64 
9 
552 2oV 
K !G p f l l » /WSO ll? ' 
P ot to pf 2 X 
52 f’o lltch n l l 
288 
P o tm E I 
I 16 
9 1425 
PotEI pf? aa 
I 
P o l El pf 4 5o 
711)o 
P otE I pf4 o4 
,85o 
P o tE I pf5 46 
,99o 
Po! El pts X 
136o 
P ram ier th 
8 
75 
P re m r pf 9o 
14 
Proc IrG 2 X 17 1937 
ProdR Mi 
48 
9 
778 
ProlcY 
1 X 8 
23 
PSvCol 
I 46 IO IU ? 
_ . PSCol pf? IO 
57o 
IJ H PSve In 
I 92 l l 
895 
.19 
P S Ind [if 3 X 
74o 
8o 
PSlnd pf7 15 
, 3ooo 
1 o 3 '. PS Ind pf9 44 
,15o 
I X ' * PS Ind pfB 57 
7 I X 
18U P S vN H 
I X 
9 
459 
25’ i P S N !! pf? 75 

S a le . 
N a ! 
P l 
I b d . ) 
H ig h Lew l o . I C hg 

17 '. 
5o' ? 
W H 
26 'n 

31 
TO’ . 
3 
J U 
BU 
I U . 
J IH 

16 V 
1o2 
J6g 
32 ll +4 l l 
X 
4o 
57 V 
53' , 
1o V 
14 V 
S IV 

2? ' 
14' 
25 > 

I U 

34’ . 

O ’ . 
2 4 '. 
2.1'n 
17' 8 
5o 
54 
61 
6.1U 
25’ % 
R7U 
JR1 7 
177' , 
9 4 '. 
94' 7 
96 
91 
W U 
1o9' , 
6 '. 
4' 4 
5' 7 
1 4 '. 
JR’ . 
39' 7 
6 U 

44'% + 
'% 
6+4 
77 
- 
IU 
X U 
IT 
A 
V 
IS 
ID V u 
X 
K U + 
V l ) U 
2 5 * 
'% 
4 2 V 
( I V 
V 
D U 
X '% u 
K G i i 
- 
2 H 
AH 
K U ­ 
TU 
W +. 
TT 
IS 
34' l f 
?’% l l 
37U + 
JU 
I D * 
TO V - 
X u 
44% 
I I H 
44'% 
W H 
S IU 
I U 
14 
X 
I 
4' 7 
M u ­ u 
AH f f 
- 
1 
H U 
95 
+ u 
K H ll? 
'/* 
IS l i i u ♦ 
I V 
D U 
M U + 
'■? 
TOU tv 
+ 
Mi 
B U 
14 
2 
W H 
129 
- 
I 
X U 
129’% 
U 
24 
A IV 
I V 
W I 
8 7 V 
I U 
6 V * 
K U 
V 
IA U 

28' 
7o 
IU 
J I’ 
7' ? 
3oU 
47 
71U 
H U 
SAU 
6 H 
IS H 
8 '. 
26 
31 
35 ' 4 
JJU 
67+. 
73 
5+4 
K U 
7 IU 
19 'n l l 
35 
98 
63 
TOH 
38 
27 U 
?7H 
9J. 
1 9 '. 
IU 
X U 
34'* 
X " . 
26’ . l l 

A l' ? 
K U 
IJ H 
27U 
22U 
J IH 
JAH 
I J '* 
TOU 
JJU 
2 7 '. l l 1 > 
2o% 
118 
16 V 
I] ' 1 
J IH 
83 
3o 

77 +a 
6 
74 U 
25 
J I' , 
K U 
K ' 4 
JJU 
54’ . 
U U 
2 9 +% 
JJU 
K H 
15' i 

25' 
P S N H pf? 75 
/KOO 
U U P S v N M I 52 l l 
47o 
U U P S v E G 
I X 
9 1599 
14' ? PSE C pf I X 
23 
W U PSEC. pf4 OR 
,794o 
Al 
PSEC, pf 4 MI 
I X X 
X ’ 7 PSEC, pts o5 
/BIO 
52 
P S E G pf5 28 
/K O 
2 4 '* P S E C p f ! U 
5? 
66 
PSEC. p t 6 X 
76o6o 
25 
PSEC, pf? Al 
49 
I I T ? PSC lit I? 25 
/JOO 
75 
P S E G pf 7 7o 
137 
76 
P S E G pf 7 X 
7963o 
76' ? P S E G p f 8 o8 
74oo 
7T 3 P S E G pf7 5? 
269 
X U P S E G pf I 4o 
IST 
94' 7 P S E G pf9 62 
4 
Pubic kr Inct 
WO 
5+f 
2 '. 
Pueblo In! 
JBR 
3 ’ i 
J U 
P u p* R I Cern 
2o 
H . 
25'« P ugS P t 
J X 
1o . 7o6 
JA'. 
77’ . P u ilm n 
I 12 IO 
AOS 
U U 
K U P u re .C p I OR V 
S66 
K G 
2' 
P u rim Eash 
5 
K l 
I V 
T IU 
P u ro ltr I W 
9 
W I 77 +. 
3 o '. Q u akO al 
92 IO l? 4 j 
25N 
54U U ukO at id I 
3 
64'1 
IO) 
Q uaO iifv 56 
/ W X 117' 
16 
Q u a * SIO 
78 16 KOO 
J IG 
SU Questor 
OS? 
IO 
69 
7U 
K U R T A 
I 
1.1 
4716 26G 
W U RC Apl 
H O 
/JOO 
45'; 
52 
R I Ai vpl 
4 
16 
/O' * 
4+. R T I 
TO IS 
369 
46' 
3" 
R alslo n P I 'TO IS 1o68 S JH 
Rem ade! 
Ole 
__ 
7 
R ani d in 
64 
7 
1o7 
3 
R apid 
Am 
11X 
18' 7 H ap lr pf 2 25 
8 
7 4 '. R ap A m p f l 
4 
26+1. H ayhst I SOI) 
6 
16 
IS ". R a y m ln t 
X 
8 1X 4 
441 * R ayth n 
I 2o l l 2164 
K U R ead Bat 
X 
4 W I) 
3' 7 R ed m an Ind 
J U 
9 ’ . Reec rC p 
74 IO 
114 
IS H R eevesB I 44 5 
BJ 
I I H R eichC h 
74 
8 
216 
J 
Ret 1 ah St 
X 
6 .4 6 
18 
R e lia n E I 
I IO 
11*667 s i'3 R edan pf 3 
36 
R e lia pf I X 
4 
6 
R edan G rp 
61 
144 
12 
R e lG rp p f 65k 
118 
A"? R e lG rp pf 66k 
789 
25' ? R et In pf2 X 
JW 
6' 7 Republic 
Cp IO 
137 
IO 
R e p f m s 
M a *76 
I 
R e p M tg lev 
X 
2 7U R epS tl 
I X 
8 
AVI 
27”. Rep I e * 
I 3o 
9 
IIT 
7 H R e s rv O " 
2o 17 4769 
1 7 '. R r'vc n HS 
24 17 
4)4 
7”. R aver COPP 
KV6 
J9H Revlon 
9o 
17 UVA 
3 ’ » H e *d a rn 
X 
8 
953 
2o' 4 R e *n rd 
I 37 
6 
697 
3 7 U R e in pf 2 16 
3 
« 
R e y n ln 
J 19 
9 2814 
Al 
R ey In pf? 76 
73 
T IU Hey AA et 
I JO 
8 IWB 
56' 7 R e y M p f4 X 
19 
36' . ReyAA pf? 37 
I 
o+4 R eynSe 
4oa 
7 
144 
9+* R ich erd sn 
I 
9 
126 
T IU R ic tiM e r 
IO l l 
619 
IO’ j H lchinnd 
X 
9 1X 1 
K U R ie u e iT I k l 
5 
74J 
IS 
H io & r an 
TO 
8 
456 
9' ? H inG r p f X 
491 
13' 7 H d e A id 
24 
I t a X t 
U U Robsbaw I IO 
9 2*1 
21 
H nbrtsn 1 X 
6 
63 
9 ' 4 R obins 
M a l l X 1 o 
13' 7 RochG 
I 28b 
9*157 
1o7 
R ochG p i l l 
{JOO I 
W U R o th Tel 
M a 
8*457 
9 U Roc to w r 
76 
5 
IJJ 
23 >• Rcxfcwi In t 2 
9 I ABV 
57 
Rk Int pf 4 75 
JO 
JOH R k ln t pf I J5 
38 
44 7 Rotter 1 ti 
I 28 W 
195 
4 
R ohr Ind 
I X 
2o 
R ollins 
M 
I ) 
65o 
J U Ranson CP 
Al 
K U R o p e r 
I 4o 7» 1o9 
3 
17 
R o re rA 
94 l l IWB 
K U R o sario 
4ob IO 
153 
22U R ow an 
2o 
5 
91o 
K U R ow an W I 
86 
W U Roy CCOI 
X 
9 
AM 
A IU R oy ID 
3 2Ae 
5 3461 
4+4 R b y lin e 
JOI* IO 
1J7 
22' •> R u n b rm ta IS 
259 
IA U R ucker 
28,. 
8 22V6 
V U Puss lo g 
76 
( 
47 1 
9 
R yder Sys 
OSr 
8966 

J U 
72’ . l l 1 
69 
27 H 

SCA 
SVC 
14 
SC MC p 
X A 
SOS Con 
X 
■ t 

 atune 
I 
A atune w i 
S efg d ln 
Q6e to 
S afew ay 7 2o IO 
*>4KjaC p l 6 l 
St Jct M in t JO I i st jot if it? u 
7 x IO 

N I 

 l u 
29+* 
21 
24 • 
IO U 
I ) '? 
54I 
9 U 
Sh 
AH 
J IH 
8% 
K U 
I I 
TV". 
BH 
M U 
IJ H 
AU 
K U 
IOU 
TOU 
IJ H 
7 9 ? 
JJU 
K H 
T IU 
TOU 
43 t 
71 
K '% 
27 
25 
X 
A?'. 
9 U 
74' > 
JJU 
26 
45 H 
21 
12o' 1 n utt: 
4 ) . 
12' 1 
W U 
2o 
12% 
6 . 
IO' • 
X U 
W I l f 

 ii. 
9 
J IH 
K U 
« 'VVt von 
$7 
M n 
*7'% 
#' I 
43 . ti) > 
27H 
43'% 
24*. 
IJ H 
25U 
K U 
14 '. 
UH 
K * 
J9 

73 U Ste S at 
W H St P a u l s ___ 
U U StRecjF 
I AA * IO X 
5 '* Sal ant 
Jap 4 
152 
U U Sambos th 9 162? 
H U SanOGs 
I 2o 7 
7oo 
7 '* V JuanR 
W ! 5 
61 
A U S a n d e rs 
I? 
144 
JO+% S F e m o 
2 
1.1259 i u SF rin d pf X t i l 
ID U S a n fe m f 
X l l 4434 
9 H Sara! We! 
X 
I 
1o4 
7’ . Saul R l | « 
IM 
)'% Say A 
Slop 
25 
19? 
S U S a , Cm Dr 
2o 
I 
189 
8 
S ave iP 
AS. 
6 t K 
U U S a v n f A I JA 
Al ll 
S avE I pf I I i 
54 
4 U S a , B M lOe l l 
X 5 
J+« S a.o n tnd 
9 
6*1 
I 
V c a n ta r Cp 
159 
X 
Sr her g Pl 
I IV 345? 
K U Sr h i l l / * 
48 
» 1K7 
TO 
Schlqm b 
1 » W U U 
59 
V h lu m b w i 
IJS 
I I H STOA in 
X 
5 
KA 
S U ScoU ad 
JA JI 
U J 
K 
Scot Eel I X 
9 
J29 
U U Scott Foe 
84 
I 
796 
K U V o lt Pap 
16 
9 7764 
7 
SCOtty* 
IO 13 
26) 
M U ScO V iiM t 
I JU 
985 
J8’ 7 Scovil pf? X 
24 
AU S< cid Duo V t 
IS 
I?? 
7+4 Sc odd pf 8Je 
X 
18U SeaCont 
25 
7 
SJT 
2o I s e a te d 
7 
6 1145 
J U SeebWlA 
TTI 
775 
W H S eagram 
X 
9 
244 
A U Sa l ar y 
___ 
U U S eaiP w 
X 
7 
K U Sear le o 
5? 
9 
4 T > ( a e r * 
I X a IT 
T H S eatrain I m l l 
22 
Sedco Inc 
JO 
I l l ' / Sedge t ( 1 Job 
« 
J U S v c c p ln f 
3o 
4 
IT ? S te ,o m t 
9o 
7 
5 . St a * .p r e 
X 
4 ll U Sr,aped 
IO 
4 
AU S h e a rM 
2oe 
J 
ATH S h e d O I 
J 
I 
T I' 1 Shad T 
I Ole 
6 
1o+4 Shat lr GI 
X a 
$ 
I i ’ . ShllG l p fl 35 
K U ShllG l pf 1 to 
JJU Sh ar w W 3 3o l l 
X 7 Shew pf 4 4o 
V U S tarr Pac 
I t a 
K H Signal 
I IO U 
IS 
Signal pf 
I 
JA 
Signal pf? 2o 
J I 
L g n o d e I JO IT 
5 y m P r e e 
14 
4 
IT H Si m m 
M a l l 
I I H S 'm p P a f 
X K 
(+ 4 Singer 
KW 
24'% Srngr pf J X 
W +. Skagos 
X ll 
66 
Skcdy 
I 6oa 13 
T H S ki1 
Corp 
9 
K U fk y f m f _ 
32 21 

SO1, fc n ith k im a J l f 
U 
S m ifh T r 
X 
6 
134 
K H i m uc hor 
9o 
6 
24 
IO U Sol a S a t th 8 .2 2 1 
T H Sanest a m f 
I* 
*3 

 k 
E s t 
% 
K H s e e r E G I 33 IO 
774 
K U lo Jar In 
I i t 
I 
V U Sou'd e n 
X 
$ 
21 +« Sdwn p f I to 
V U Soest Ak 
4ob »» 
5 
SoeasFS I ITI 
K H S o C a lf 
I AO nu ie u fh 
J I" . S o ln O E 2 57 
4*+ . Sonic es 
I 86 
M V Son w En Ti J 
A l 4 M N E p f) 82 
SIU SONE pf4 42 
JO 
Soc? Pac 
2 24 

3 ) ' * SouRy p fA J lUnCO ISA 
(th m o sot r-u R o y l 
6t 
)w t B kih 
I 
M r*' I o* 
2o 
S X F I p f! X 
.. . iw P b S v I IO 
4 U S p rtn F d 
4 U Spar ton 
X 
IO m r t y H u t 
I 
JI fp r r y H o t 

 ii* Ii 

SKS 
« f » 
> k i t w k i t 
J I a 
S IU 
K U Spar ’ ye 
92 9 
1427 A lif 
JAH 
X U 
I 
* 
I ■SU 
. 
1__ T r i * U + * / R R 
I 
C o n i i n u t - d u n 

 t 

C om plete nationw ide com posite prices 
American stocks 
E xclusive In San Antonio 

 a b c 
; 
NEW YORK <a £* 
Trading for the"week in Am erican 
Stock Exchange issues 
Yeorly 
Soles 
Net 
High lo w 
(bds.) H igh lo w lo s t Chg 

229 
AU 
53k 
« 
+ 
'4 
14 
U h 
IO '. 
IOU™ se 
7o 
S i* 
47 s 
47'*— u 
26 
877* 
8 ’ 1 
8 ’ — 
U 
78 l l 1 j 
1o7« 
H U Y 
U 
7*11 1611 16— 3 16 

4 
A i t Pl ast 
P 4 
7 
A A P CP 
36 8 
4 -*8 AA VOOS 
32 4 
67* APSlnc 
75 8 
8-8 A SPRO 
56 6 
'n A T I 
Inc 
16 ‘ * 
B 
A VCCp 
4o 
3 
71 
1o" . 
IO 
1oU - t 4 
)V ? 
4 's AVXCp 
25e 
A brdM f 
4ob 
8 
32 
W U n u 
11U y 
' n 
8*8 
5'» 
13 
14 
6 ' . 
6' N 
AH » 
V. 
? 
I 
Acme Ham! 
39 
IU 
V . 
IU * v. 
?*-« i VB A cmn Prec 
5 
21 
2' I 
JU 
2U — i . 
8'n 
4 'a Action 
24 
A 
53 
7 '. 
7 >8 
7U 
A 
VB ActonCp 
12 
162 
4 
JU 
378 Y 
’ n 
7 
Adam Russl 
8 
6o 
4 
3 '. 
3''a * 
' n 
16 ; 
9U AdoboOH 
16 IS 1o52 
16’ 3 
U U 
16' a * 
V. 
? 
I 
Ar-qis Corp 
I 
37o 
IU 
V . 
IU i 
'8 
V '4 
4*1* Aero FIO 
(Sn 
5 
X 
9 ’ . 
9’ , 
9 U — 
"a 
3* t 
I ^ A pf on ca Inc 
65 i n 
2 
I'n * 
'"8 
A ) 
)’ J M ffiiCap 
1op 
4 *58 
4' 4 
4 
4 
- v. 
/ 16 
16 Af fit Ca p wt 
17 
7, 5 16 5 16 - 1 It 
9 j 
4 ; o Aft if HSP 
74 
6 
45 
9 
BH 
SU * lr* 
IO '* 
6*4 Attn Pub 
4o 
6 
4 
IOU 
IOU 
1o7-4 
6' 4 
3' a A fterS ix 
2o 
5 
14 
6' N 
6 
6U t 
'k 
16'* 
6' 4 Alan wood 
43 
8 
7'B 
7U 
7. 
6 1 
4s n Alaska 
Airt 
2 
133 
5 
4 '. 
4 ". 
'N 
I' ; Al ba Wa 
OSP 13 
78 
2' 8 
2 
2 
U 
9U 
5 .1 Al col ar 
32p 
6 
23 
6>n 
6 
6 
— 
I 4 
IO 
4' a AlloqCp wt 
74 
9' 4 
o7. 
9U < u 
/ ’ n 
4’ a Allpqhy Air! 
9 
367 
5’ n 
5 
5’ . 
3 'h 
!*•« A IIpqA wtO 
2o 
I'n 
IU 
1"» 
I J 
2 / 
U AllPCiA wfN 
3 
I 
’n 
I,- u 
2 6 . 
BU 
2o ’ 4 
5 

 l l 
< < 

4 
I 
48 
76 
5' 3 it 
SU 
26 
SU 
2 
7h A lld A rt 
Ind 
127o 
V 3 
1 
I'/, Y i/j 
17 *4 
13sh Abd Thrm 88 6 
17 
15 
H U 
U U t ,, 
7’ b 
I 
Alpha lnd 
IO 
33 
7 'n 
I >8 
27. * 
' i 
6 ’ « 
3*4 Al fem ii lOe 
5 
48 
6U 
6' 4 t ’ n • i, 
7 
M 16 A lte c Corp 
6o4 
I H IS 16 
V . r 
I 4 
IS 16 3 16 A lte r Cp wf 
4o 7 I* 
I . 
7. 
/'n 
4 
A ltecC rp pf 
17 
6 ‘8 
5 sn . 
| 8 
IS ». 
8’ H Al tor Yds 
5o 12 
184 
U U 
W H 
14 
.19 
43 / Alcoa pf 3 TS 
169 
1o'n 
47U 
48U 
' i 
I t . , 
I U 
A M AY w’ 
115 io u 
9 
9 
VU t>4 
V? Am Agroncs 
16 
7 'b 
I H 
U n i ■ 
8 z 
6 
Am B 'ltrt 
SO 
6 
32 
BU r n 
BU * 
I, 
18 '4 
IS ’ 4 A m B rd WI 
328 
17' 3 
IG 'n 
177, 
1o'* H 
6 b Am B.isP 7S IO 
24 
8'« 
I *4 
7>4 
■ 
I 16 A C e nM fg wt 
76 3 16 
1 8 3 16 y 
It 
4s it 
I 
Am f letch 
45 
U n 
IU l"8 r 
' i r> 16 
16 A m f Itch w t 
18 3 16 
. a 
I ll l r 4 
5’ > A G m Pd 
14 
1/4 
6’ N 
SU 
AU • i f 
6' H 
V h A m le t 
Piet 
4 
111 
5’ N 
4 '. 
4 >4 
1 4 
AU 
7 
A Israel 
Hr 
6 
6o i n 
2'8 
JU 
16 H r 
A M aireA 4o 
5 
65 
9 ’ n 
9’ 4 
9V. 
'N 
IS '. 
V y A M a./eB 4o 
5 
9 
9 ' n 
9 ’ n 
9 ' n v. 
36 
A m M * 
2 We 
S 
5 
52' n 
5o' n 
SO'n 
3,4 
6 . 
3''» Am Mot Inns l l 
744 
5H 
5' N 
5' I 
34 '4 
78’ 4 Am Pet rot 12o 
8 SI 
3 4'. 
33’ n 
33’ n 
’ ■I 
V 
4 * 4 A Precs 
28a 
6 ll 
8 1 N 
8 
BU 
JU 
3 J8 ASaf Eg 
3 
119 
SU 
SU 
SU lf 
IS' 4 
/ 1 H Art i V 1E 
o4e IS 
IIT 
IV 8 
9 U 
9 '. 
V . 
4* 4 
7*8 Am Tee 
IS.? 3o 
59 
4'/. 
4 
4 '. • 
11 
I?'n 
8 'b Am UtlS 
R2e 
7o 
W U w u 
I 7 ' b * 
\HU 
V 
A M IC Corp OSe 
8X2 
17 ' n 
16 i 
IAU 
Vt 
V z 
2 
AndreR 
U 
3 
2U i n 
7U * 
I 4 
7>» 
2 
AnqloC lie 
6 
767 
7 'N 
I 
2 'n 
;**» 
3’ / 
A rken 
X 
7 
74 
7 'b 
Va 
7 Hr i f 
V 
4'*b Anthony 
19t 
4 
67 
7 ' n t n 
A U v . 
6 H 
1 ^ Apphd Data 
A p ld D 'v 
8 
223 
6H 
SH 
SU 
7< 
4* * 
I' 
1177 
BU i'n 
4U ♦ 
I ’-. 
24' , 
\A 
A qttilC a 
3o 
12 
111 
I7’ b 
16'. 
I6 'b 
/ ’ M 
VB Ar i/C l 
1ot> 12 
94 
5 U 
SU 
5' N 
I 
J 
AU A r/Col pf 48 
36 
7 i n 
6 ' . 
' .4 
18 / 
A rm tnC p 
12 
3 
76o 
7 ' n 
A1 3 
AU 
S 'h 
3 ’ h A rro w Elect 
22 
111 
5' N i H 
5 
*9 
6 'n 
4 
A ru n d e l 
13 
6 ' n 
AU 
AU * 
'/» 
16’ 4 
JU A<,am»r.) IS 11 ass l l ' 3 
IO '. 
WU t 
’N 
I 2 ' H 
B ''b AshtOC 
2oa 
IO its 
U U i o u 
1 
U U * 
I; 
7 * 
*4 Asktn Svc 
9 
IU 
IU 
AU 
7* 8 A '.tre . 
Inc lOe 
8 23 
4 'N 
4’ N 
4' 4 
6’ 4 
3’ b A t,llam a 
X e 3 ll in 
SU 
5". iy 
I' / va Alco md 
91 
Vt 15 16 
IU I 
1/4 
I ’ )i 
> d A hcoM tq wt 
IO 
' a 7 I * 
I >4 
3 
A ll a s t M B o 8 c 
8 7 3 8 t 
3 '. 
4 
I 
14 l l '* 
6 
AdasCp w i 
151 
U H io u 
H U I 
’ f 
18’ 8 
II^B 
A u q a tln f 
3C 
IS 
.4 4 
U ' 4 
13 ’n 
U U • t ; 
I6 'h 
I I ’ B A ustral Oil 
21 
715 
16’ N 
15 
IAU f 
'l 
V s A u lo i rn 
7ot 
' 1 
I' 1 Auto Bldg 
6 
V s 7U Animal Rad 
3 
44 h 76 8 AutoSw 
88 
17 
IU 7 
AVEM C 
TO 
7 
77 > 
17' 
Avondal I 2o 
IO 
8 ’a 
3H Ay/dm 
CP 
9 
■I 
I ’ n BA T m d 
I-., 9 16 BR TRI 
3oe 
J 16 I 37 BR TRH wt 
?U 
I* 1 BTU 
Eng 
IO 
6 
B.idgr V t 
5o 
9 
6'« 
I 
B.tkerW 
IO*- 
7 
13 
VU B uldorE I 
24 
6 
7’ 1 
6 
B.tldwS 
3?.t 
18 4 
12’ " B.tnEd I 15e 
BrirKj Pun wt 

6o 
5’ 
16 
5 1 l l 
41 > 

45 
25*4 
7? 
7’ * 

61 8 
6 1 8 
4"a 
4*4 
4 V, 
4 >-4 
4o*4 
A P . I 
4'4 
AU I 
74' > 
747, 
7*8 
71* 

15 

 i t 

27 

B.m !strC tl 
2oe 
3'h Bcinnpr 
OB 
6 
T 1 B arclay 
o4 
17 
2’ 4 B a rm ie ! 
17 
7 
I'm Barnes Eng 
6 
B am w ! 
15.. 31 
141 
4'4 B arryR 
o9e 
6 
SH B urry Wr 
44 
8 
7' 
B arth Sp 
TO 12 
I '* Bartons Cdy 
I 4 Baruch to s t 
B irw .c k ET 

6 I 32 I 37 I 3? 
I 
I 
7 i 
9 ‘ . 
8 '. 
BU < 
4V, 
41, . 
IO7, 
111* I 
6*4 
6 *'4 1 
17' • 
17', 
I 
T i 
I '* 
I ’ a 4 
5 225o11 *4 
9' 1 
IO7* . 

82 l i t , 
14 
6-8 
37 
17*8 

2' 1 

9U 
47 
161 ll 

B ehind 
OBA 
6 1351 
Bulse IR 
o61 
6 l l 

3 ‘. 
7 
? '. 
2 '. 
5H 
2 

5H 
7'a 
?’ • 
3'4 
I ’ v 
5U 
IO 
3*8 
I *8 
1*4 

57*. 
?' J • 
3' 4 I 
3* a < 
9 
I 
5V, 
1o*4 
3H . 
7 
* 
?s, . 
2'4 
5'4 I 
2 
* 
’n 
Ben St Mg wt 
35 5 16 3 16 3 16 
I H 
Bt-nrus <rp 
5 
183 
3 3 
JU 
JU 
6 
I' » Berg 
Em 
X 
59 
7 '. 
JU 
2H 
1/ U 
4s. 
Bt re Brims 
X st i 
TU 
AU 
AU 
X ' n 
1? 
BrqB pf I IS 
1o1 
IAU 
15'* 
35’ / 
4 
I ' n B t'rnrO m a 
18 
2 '. 
JU i n 
6 1 
4 
B trfe a 
IL 
9 
It 
6 
5U 
SU 
AU 
3 
Bi-rvenC 
o6 91 
53 
3H 
J U 
J '. 
4 ■ 
2U 
HctnCp 
Ilk* 
35 
378 
JU 
JU 
IU 
IU 
Beverly Em 
485 
JU 
2’ . 
3 't 
H U 
9 1 
B it Pen 
48 9« 133 
1 3 '. 
1 3 ', 
W U 
9U 
4 
B'qD.fd 
7 
18 
SU 
AH 
7 ' b 
4 >4 BiqVSup It 
4 
I i n 
TU 
TU 
17 4 ll 
B rtk M f la 
I l l 
IAU 
IS '. 
16 
IH 
I V . 
Binny Srn HO 
6 
19 
IAU 
ISH 
15'. 
AU 
4’ 3 Blessnq 
IO 
A 
X 
AU 
SH 
A U 
IV . 
8 . Blo un! 
IO 
5 
64 
IIH 
IOU 
IOU 
9i 4 
IU 
Bod'hAp 
4o 
77 
73 
JU 
AU 
SU 
MJH 
A' 
Bol I Ber 
» 
53 
I 
7'a 
8 
X U 
IS 
B ow Vall 
IO 186 AOI 
27 U 
X 7. 
22 U 
IS'H 
9' i 
Bowne 
3ob 
6 
5 
IIH l l * . 
U U 
IVN 
A b Br adldN 
IO IO 
75o 
9 Va 
8' 3 
B U 
5 ’ n fir inch 
X 
5 
27 
4 >4 
4 '. 
AU 
I IU 
V j Br an 11 Ar wt 
18 
9 ‘8 
o ", 
AH 
I IU 
9 ’ t. Br ase an A 
I 
I 
444 l l ’ . 
I I H n u l l 
IS 
BraonE n 
HO 
6 
6 
J IH 
IV 3 
2 V , 
7 . 
Breeze Corp 
6 
SU 
4 >4 
SU 
18 ’ n 
9' „ 
B re w erC 
186 l l 
IOU l l 
B roD art 
IO* 
6 
U 
3*8 
JU 
JU 
I 
Brody Seat 
18 
5 
?' 7 
JU 
2' 3 
14 B 
8' 4 BrooksP 
4o 
6 
36 
IV 3 ll 
U U 

■J 

Yoorly 
High lo w 
Soles 
Not 
(bds ) High lo w lo s t Chg. 

4 7* 
15 
15’ 4 
5*4 
5'J 
13 
5 
5*4 
14 4 
I? 
12’ 4 
79' 3 
I' 8 
9 1 H 

77/4 
2* T 
2H 
U U 
W U W U — 
6o 
14’ a 
W U 137*— 
5**4 
S' a 
5*7* + 
4V, 

2**4 B row nco wt 
35 
11*4 B rnFA 
6o IO 
9 
IO7* BrnE B 
6o 
1o 
4' 3 BrwnE pl 4o 
5 
J 
Buehler 
Cp 
8 
16o 
AU B uellInd 
4ob 5 
“ 
3 
Buildex Inc 
5 
2' e Burgess Ind 
9 
52 
11*4 BurinqE d 
82e 
5 49 14 
8’ . B urnslnf 
6o 
8 
261 IO’ v 
IO’ 
8*4 B utler Int 5o 
5 
71 IO3 

5o 
13 
IS 
3*4 
3*4 

47/»-i 
12*4 
13 
Y 
3V, 
3*4 
3V, 
3v* 
13'» 
13’ a— 

. - 
1o'/4 
8 74 CKPet 
2oe 19 4167 
29' 3 
24 
2’ * 
7U 

4V, 
3' ? 
9 ', 
12 ’ •» 
11*4 
9 
6 ', 

17 

3 4 
37s 

IO' J Y 
IOV4-- 
28’ a < 
7 
J't < 
6V, • 

7 
7 
7 
6*4 
’ a 3 32 
IO 
3V, 3U 
9 
JU I 7/* 
5o 
77, 7 
36 
IV j 
IO’ » 
IO3 
2 
11*4 
11V* 
1174 
6V, 
6 

3’ j - 
2'4 < 
7V, < 

3V« 
86 
23 
IO 
139 14 
547 
5*8 
5 
46 
4' • 
9 
159 16' 1 
97 
7V, 
78 

6' V 
3v, 
3'T~ 
13’ j 
13H 
47/, 
3*4 
5*- 
374 

1 
CDI 
Corp 
29 
6*8 CHB 
Food 
4 
34 
4'8 CHCCp o8r 
7x1o3 
I 16 C lW tg w t A 
57 
2*8 CWI Corp 
7 71o 
I 1! CW TIn Inc 
45 
9 
6 
CRSDes 
15 
5 15o 
6'4 CSECp 
52 
5 
6*8 CW Tran 
5o 
6 
4'4 Cableom Gn 
6 
3 
CagleA 
IS 
3 
IAU 
12*8 Caldor 
6*4 
3’ 8 Calcomp 
4 . 
2* 7 C allate 
16*8 
1o'/4 Cal P rtC m 
I 
6*4 
5 Cameo Inc 
413 16211 
16CaChbA 
25e 
78 
3 *, 
3*435 16 
I 
6 
7% CdnExp o5e 
12 
866 
6*x 
6’ 4 
6’, * 
7*8411 !6C<1n 
Hom std 
16 
153 
6*» 
57, 
A H ’ 
IO'« 
5*8 CdnHydr 
25 
7 
5 
7*4 
7U 
7*/. 
4 
C dlnP A 1 5o 
6 
142 167* 
16’ 7 
16V, 
3*4 C dnW arc 
2o IO 
344! 16315 
16 
5'4 Cdn W e rrlll 
97« CdnOcct 
5o 
A 
Cdn SuprOH 
'4 C apetian Cp 
V 7 Capital Res 
7' 8 C apitlE d 
2o 
46*» 
I?’ -4 Carbon 
8oa 
8*h 
AU Caress* 
3o 
8o' 4 
64 C arnat I 4o* 
15*4 
I P . CaroP.pl 
1b 
6o' ? 
53 C aroP Lpf 
5 
,44o 
2 
Carrots Dev 
178 
14’ * CastlpAW 
1 
6 
IO 
13' / CasFd I 2oa 

13 
32 
WU 
WU 
7 
7 
I5 'n 
ISH 
IO 
116 
4o'8 
X U 
196 
IU 
I 
244 
3U 
2’a 
5 
4o 
JU 
3 
16 
67) 
4 6 '. 
45' I 
I 
91 
5 
4>. 
14 
334 
77' 4 
75U 
8 
51 
U U 
WU 

S’* 
27'4 
18 'n 
7*8 
17’ / 
?' 

15*8 
161,4 
6V, 
7*7-4 

39*4 
IV, , 
3* 4 ■ 
37*1 
46’ 4 
5 
* 
76 
IS7* 
58*4 
6o'4 
4' 7 
5 
‘ 
16*4 
16*4 

’n CebtfCratt 
41v, 34’,4 CenW p f] SO 
51 
44 
C e n P l.p t 
4 
6 1 
4' 4 CentSec 
4oe 
7. 
14 '4 CenS pf I 25 
J' 4 
2 
Century F a t 
13 
14 
4 
C envill 
45e 
23''8 
18*8 C erw pf2 25 
7'8 
T« C ertitied Cp 
I 'n 
*8 C.ertron Cp 
7*4 
V 4 Cetec Corp 
5-8 
3’* Ch ad W ill 
4o 
6*s 
3 
Cham p Horn 
7 
3' 7 O ia rtr Wed 
4' * 
7*8 Chem Exp 
78'4 
IS’ * C hiR ivt 16oa 
9 
27 
28' 
12'8 
-m u C h in in 
Dev 
13 
667 
12' 

4o 
ISH 
IT7. le u 
8 
1o2 
2U 
2 
2 
1 8 
IO 
127 
1o' 3 
9 U 
IOU Y 
I , 
8 
37 
17 a 
I' 3 
I 7. 
{WO 
4o'n 
4o'8 
4o' 8 4 
' „ 
V 75 
5o 
49 
5o 
87 
AU 
AU 
AU 
1 8 
{3oo 
TO 
19', 
W HY 
U 
W 
51 
IU 
2’ ? 
3' N r 
I. 
84 
14 
W U 
WH ♦ v. 
58 
23' ? 
23 
23' N 
'N 
41 
IU 
IU 
IU 
94 
I 
13 16 
I 
Y 
’a l l 
75 
2 
I 7 8 
2 
8 ll 
5 7b 
5' I 
5 ' n . 
’ n 
2498 
3U 
3 ’8 
3 '* 
U 
7 
347 
67. 
6 ‘ b 
6H 
5 
4 
3’ . 
3 '* 
3 1 re- 
'n 

18' 
Child W orld 
7 
85 
17' 
C hristiana 
1oe 
5 61 
118 
Cinema F iv l l 

27' 7 
77' , 
1 !'s 
12 

?*'4 
I *8 C in e ra m a l l 'n 
5 4 C ircleK 
6o 
9*4 
4 ', C itation 
4ob 
9*4 
7'4 CifyGsEI 
68 
JU 
1*8 C larke lop 
IO ’n 
6 14 Clarkson 
TO 
1*4 
3’ x Clarostat 
17 * •» 
7 
Clausing 
64 
9 
4 1* Clopay 
17e 
I V . 
I?*. Coachmn 
I '* 15 16 Cohen 
Hatfd 
3V., 
7 
Cob nine 
!7t 19 
19' 1 
12*, Coleman 
68 8 
47', 
7' 1 Coton 
Coml 
8 
37* ColwellC 
12 6 
I 
I 16 C olw W lq w* 
4?'a 
33 *4 Com ,nm 
? 
13 
I 1. 
I v, ComGrp 
14 
11*8 
8 >8 Com Al I 
3o,1 
7 
17 
1o*8 ComW tl 
Nib IO 
3 "4 C om odrjnt 
5 

IV . 
3 '* 
13 tv. 
4V* 
85 
2’ . 
2 
78o 
I I I * 
1o*9 
16 
9 
8V* 
87* 
2*'7 
5 
2V» 
123 
IO7* 
IO'4 
41* 
3V. 

IV 1— 
Va 
4V, 
11,4 a 
IV * a 
8W 
9'4 t 
2' 7— 
IO' 7 * 
4V, I 
56 
17*8 l l 7* 
12'4 
IS 
7*8 
7*4 
7*4 
167. 
19'* • 
IV , v * 
2 '* 

8 
95o 
19' 
■ 
H H 
43 
2' T 
, 
249 
16*, 
15V, 
IS*. 
73 
3*4 
3'» 
I 3. 
21 
7*. 
7V, 
77, r 
18 
'n I 16 I 16 
9 
35' 7 
34 
35 
2 '* 
2 '. 
9*4 
IO 
12V, 
17v» 
5 '* 
5 * * - 
9 
1 
9V*- 

15o 
IO1* 
19 
13', 

S’ , CoPsycC 2oa 
7 
37 
IO 
16’ 4 ComPS 
I 62 
8 
43 
19*. 19*, 
19 
S7* 
S ', 
57, 
5'4 
V 7 
V * 
7 

S’ * 
O ’ * 
IO 'n 

Comp ac 
Cp 
5 177 
4 
Compo Ina 
22 
27 
5*4 
V * CompuDyo 
7 
323 
! ’ » ll 
16 Compot inst 
9 
V * 
'* Comp ut ln v 3 
71 
2' a 
6’ * Conch.-m 
5o 5 
IS IO '* 
IO' 
4 '. Conerd Fab 
5 
2o6 
6** 
5 '* 
5 '* Condue Crp 
4 
46> l l '4 
3*» Connlly Con 
9 
6 
4** 
8>'7 C onrotk 
6o I 
J l l 
2*8 Conroy 
Ioe 8 
6o 
4*. 
ConOil 
Gas 12 
836 IV 7 
IO'7 
IV * t 

SUY 
I 7* * 
V a t 
2 
— 
1oV.4 
5't r ­ io '8 
11*74 
4*8 
4*8 l l l l 
4 
4*8 
47.4 

8'J 

12o 
47 
17 

I** 

7'a ConsRef 
6o IO 
4-8 
3' 7 Consyne Cp 13 
67 
I' 7 
’ 8 
Cont 
Water 
17 163 
I '. 
Cont Tai wt 
2518 
14' 7 Cook Ind 
4o IO 
IS’* 
IV 8 CookPV 4oa 7 
6 
?' 7 Cooper Jar lop 
6 SI 
J U Cordon 
Intl 
IS 
371 
3' 7 
18 

I ' 
8 vs 
I iv * 
16’ s 
IS 
I5v, 
IS'7 
I Vt 
3 

BV, 
TJ* 4 
PBY 
I v. 
17 
— 
IS” , 4 
6 
4 
3 'J I 
9 
Core Labs !oe 1o11o 
17’ a 
16** 
1 6 ', 
I 
13’ * 
Kl' 7 Coranto 
8o 
IO 13' 
6’ a Cornelius 48 IO 
36 ll* 
13’ in t r 
28‘ n 
19 4 Corr Blk 14o IO 
111 
28'« 
77v» 
28 
IO 
?’ • 
25 
2V, 
2' 7 
27 
' 7 5 16 
I 
IV» iv , 
9o 
'4 
'* 
86 
17V 

2' 7 
2 U 
1*. iv , , 

2o n» 

34’ * 
Va 

7' > 
2V» 
16 
IO’ * 
71'* 
7V. 
8' 7 
31*4 

Casco inc 
I ’n Cot! Corp 
83 
' 4 CoMCorp wt 
V * C ourtld toe 
' * Cousins wt 
13 
CoxCbt Com 18 
3'a C ram rE 
13t 438 76 
V , Crest Foam 
17 
Crompton 
5oe 6 34 
19' 
3o 
CrossAT I JO 13 
371 
39’ 
6 '* C row !W 
5oa 42 
19 
7*» 
IS' 7 CwnCPI 
6or 
4 19o 
34' . 28* 
5 'J C ro w n e r 
6 
3o 
6'7 
6 '. 
6 '. 
4 
O Own In 
2o l l 
21 
4 *. 
4' 7 
4 *. t 
5 '. CrutcR 
16 27 22o4 
15V, 
13. , IS' 3 1 
7*8 C rystlO 
4oe 
.473 IS l l '7 
U U * 
6'a Cube CP 
28 
6 
129 
14** l l '7 
13*. 
I I ’ * Curt ice B 
8o 
5 x 48 
13’ t l l '7 
13'7 
T i C u rtisM a l 
ISP 5 16 
5'7 
S' 4 
SU-• 

D - K - l 
* 

** DCI. Inc 
7 
1o615 16 
't i s I* • 
PWC. Cp sot 
5 1471 5*8 
4 '. 
5*4 4 
Damon e re 
4 
2 3 
3 
3 4 
Damson OH 
27 
1851 9 '. 
7’* 
9 ',4 
Daniel 
18b 
9 227 
24*. 
I I H 2 4 'j — 
Dataprod 
9 9o8 
12*. l l 7. 12'1 
~ 
“ 
‘ 
1J4 l l 

16' 7 
17V» ■ 
I 7* 
4*8 I 
I ■ 7 iv * * ie>* is *. 
17'. 
38’ 4 
7' 7 
7V» , 
33*4 * 

2’* 
7' 1 
3 7* 
12'. 
4v» 
5' 7 
4’ . 
I 

 iv * 
13’ . 

DayW m 
3oe IS 
De Jut A 
We 
D r Rom Ind 
D e ll abs 
3?b 7 
D e n ia l E r 
IO 
Pepsi lr 
I 52 
6 
Designer Jw 
Dev Cp Am 
8 
De von G rp 
18; 

7*4 
2*7 
6 
I** 
24 
IS' 

TU 
I'7 4 
I V* 4 
14’ . 
1 4 '* - 

7*. 
7’ < 

TV 
9' 8 o *. 
IS 
21*8 
2o4. 
21*4 4 
I * . 
6 
V . 
SH 
V, 
57* 
I I H . 

Veorty 
High le w 
Sole, 
Net 
(bd,.) High lo w le s t Chg 

7*4 
3*4 Diebold VC 
BH 
31* D’Qicon Inc 
TO 
15'* D ifiardS t 
4o 
6 
I* 4 l l 16 Diodes inc 
3’ a 
1H D isFab 
IO 
9 
16 ll'/? D iversey 
56 
8 l l * . 
6 *. D ix ily n 
4oe 
5 
32 
Dome Petri 
8 
I I H D om tar 
oo 16 
S' 7 Donkeny 
24 4 
87* Downey 
2oe 5 
16 
D rexU tl I 32 
6 '. D riv e r H arr 
9H D rq F a ir 
4ob 4 
113 16 I 
D u nlop 
o6e 4 
237. 
12'7 D uplxPd 
8o 6 
5 "* D urTst 
3ob 8 
2' 7 D ynlctn 
o6e l l 
3*8 D ynA m er 
6 
6' 7 D y n e ll El 
I * . EAC 
In 
6 
16’4 E D G Inc 25c 
4 
’n Eagle Cloth 
13'4 E arth Res 
I 
9 
3o*. EasonO 
X b 15 
17 
E strnC I 
4oa 7 
3*4 E arorE 
24 4 x ii 
6 
Ecodyne lOe 7 
19o 
1'4 Edm os Cp 
57 
7!* EDO Corp lOe 
7 46 
3 *. EganW 
.4o 5 
2 
47* E nrnhP h 
2oa 
4 *. E lcorC p 
12 
4' 7 E IH ose lOr 
1’ i Et Aud D 
211 
9’ / E lectroq 
8o 
7’ / ElecEng 
28 7 
IV . Elect Resch 
12*8 E le c trn ic A I IO 
4' 1 E n rg y R e s 
9 
6’ 7 E rnst EC 
64 
V * Ero Ind 
4 *4 Espey Wtq 
4 */. Esq Rad 
3oe 
6*8 Essex Ch 
1*7 E t/L a v 
7' / E vanA r 
3 1* Executn 
2 
F D I Inc 
3 
EPA Corp 
4 
Fablnd lOe 4 
3*8 Fabian 
4o 27 
>4 F a irte x WH 
I 7* F a irfld Nob 
2’ / Fa lrm C 
14e 
8 
2o'* Falcons 
6o IO 
4'? Fam D o lr 
16 
6 
1*8 F a m ily Rec 
5 
8*4 Fanny F 
SOe 
7 
I 
Fash Fabric 
77* Fa yD rg lOe 13 
12*7 F edM art 
6o 
5 ll 
FedR lty 1 24 13 
4 
Fed Resrces 
8 
Felm nt 
,12e 21 
5 
Felsway 
36 
6 v . F ibrebrd w t 
I* * Fidel co Gth 
V s Film C p Am 
4 
S '. F ilm w y 
8St 
8 
5' 7 FinGen 
36b 
7 
5v* FinG nA .36b . 
8 ' n 
5' 7 FtCOnn 
25e l l 
2**15 16 Fst H a rtfrd 
4*4 
3 *. F stH rt p l 5o 
S7* FstSLSh 
12 33 
2** F sfm rk 
17*4 
974 F isch rP 
481 
6 
17*8 
13*7 FitchbG I 44 
8 
2*4 
1*4 f laqq Ind 
6*8 
2* j F lagstaff 
6 
8** 
4*4 F lavorland 

46 
26*8 
7*4 
S37 a 
IS' 7 
11*8 
14 

9 *8 
AU 
8' 7 
I V . 
3*. 
42'. 
2 '. 
19’ * 
15*4 
25 
6 
11*8 
4 *4 l l 
7*8 

12*4 
3’ 4 
ISH 
7 H ll ‘a 
2’ 7 
J i n . 
8’* 
3 
13*8 
7H 
5' 7 
■I*,. 
7 *8 
6*4 
3 
5'* 
4 'a 
387 s 
8 ' n 
3". l l 
Va 
16’ a 
16'. 
14 1 a 
6 '. 
18'. 
9 '. 
3' 7 
SH 
5*4 
IO’ . io n 

11 * a 
4H 

32 

111 
149 
6 
36 
23 
157 
191 
284 
16o 
45 
3o 
8 
I 
38 
16 
9 
69 
956 
388 
27x1o7 
2o 
26 
67 
575 
68 

62 
7 
61 
X4 I 
IO 
3o3 
S 
23 
7 
46 
1 
32 
171 
169 
3 
2 
SI 
244 
4o 
176 
67 

13 
6 
5 
6 
3 lOr IO 
27t 16 
Ole 1o4 

WU 
8 
Fhgh'S* 
o9e IO 
IU 
9 16 F lo c k 
Ind 
4 ' n 
I " , 
Fla Capital 
6 
JU 
2 '. 
FlaR ck 
14 
IU 
I 7 8 F low G en 
5 
19 U 
9 'b Flow ers 
54 
6 
IAU 
W U 
F lu k e J 
IO 
23 *, n u 
F lyD .a Oil 
o 
SU 
JU 
Foodrm 
4o 
5 
I I >4 
TU 
F n od w ys 
I 
9 ’ N 
7 
FooleM 
25e 
U 
32 
28 
Foote pf2 X 
93 
727. FordCan 
Sa 
5 
9’ a 
4 
Forest C ity o5e 
4 ' n 
7’ I 
Forest Labs 
7 
W H 
8 ' N FoxStaP 
5o 
9 
4 
IU 
F ra n klin RI 
IOU 
67„ F rankN u 36 
6 
IMH 
IO 
F ra n t; 
8oa 
6 
71' ii 
157, Fresntbo 
4o 86 
6 
JU 
FriPdm 
24b 
6 
3 
IU 
Friend Frst 
13 
IO’ 3 
AH 
F n q tm p 
5St 
6 
U H 
7 
Frtschs 
3ob 
8 
BU 
SU 
F ro n tier Air 
6 
37. 
17. Front A ir wt 

5o8 
5 
6 
156 
9 
238 
16 
46 
96 
9o 
2o3 
41 
o 14o3 
‘ 
41 
1o3 
35 
IS 
5 ;5So 
9 26 
5) 
177 
57 
52 
15 
34 
12 
IO 
229 
15 
172 

AU 
BU 
A' ? 
4U 
3U 
A H Y 
U 
15*. 
U U 
ISH 
IU 
V . 
I U Y u 
2U 
JU i n — 
' • 
TSU 
W H 
15'/. Y 
IU 
U U 
IOU l l 
4o 
38' i 
AO 
15U 
IS 
15'!— 
I . 
77/. 
TH 
7 'lY 
' a 
W H 
U H 
W U — 
1o' I 
18' I 
18' IT 
U 
8' i 
8' 1 
8' 1 n u n u 
I l u ­ 
'n 
7 16 
I U l u 
15’ a 
14' I 
IAU— 
”, 
7’ I 
TV, 
7’ I Y 
5' a 
AV, 
J U T v j 
6' 8 
SU 
SU T v, 
BU 
87, 
S U - 
Va 
3 
27/a 
3 
T u 
17'a 
16", 
17'/,+ 
Va 
IU 
V AY 
I a 
19", 
IB'-. 
1 9'I Y 
I 
44' 3 
42U 
AA 
Y v t 
2 3 'i 
23V. 
23’ a 
Va 
57. 
5 
5Va— 
'n n u 
IO3. 
1o"6- n 
VU 
2U 
2U - - 
14 
IO3, 
IO 
IO' . Y u 
6’ 1 
6' 8 
AU 
AU 
57, 
5 "8 
7 
6U 
AU - 
14 
S ', 
5 
5 
— 
H 
4 
3' I 
3U Y 
U 
14' 8 
W i 
137/a e 
IO 
9' > 
II,,..- 
14 
IU 
IU 
I U 
'n 
ISH 
177/. 
17U— 
TU 
67, 
67/. 
U 
IP B 
IOU 
H U Y 
IU 
IU 
V 1— 
'n 
5 ‘8 
SU 
5 U — 
'n 
97» 
o7. 
9 U - 
Va 
87, 
I ’n 
8 
T 
' 8 
2'/, i n 
P > - 
U 
W ll 
1 2"^ 
' 8 
5*8 t n 
5 U y u 
31, i n 
JU 
4U 
A 
AU e 
14 
5 U 
5 
5 ". Y 
'n 
AU 
37» 
A 
Pa 
IU 
V t — 
' 8 
2’ 3 
2' e 
2’ I T 
'A 
J 7'k 
3' i 
3U y 
' a 
38 ’ n 
3AU 
M U * 
IU 
AH 
A' 8 
6' 1 i n 
JU 
27/4* 
I 4 io u io u 
IO' u 
IU 
IU 
V/k 
16''a 
15'8 
16V. Y 
I' 3 
14’ a 
137/. 
14 r u 
U U 
W U 
1 3",+ 
' 8 
S i, 
AU 
SU Y le u 
IT 
1o7, Y 
9 i n 
87. r n 
V 3 
IU 
IU — u 
2U 
JU 
2 7 ,r. 
I 4 
I 7, 
17, 
IU — 
' 8 
9U 
o 8 
9'n* u 
IOU 
9 
1o7,+ 
9 U 
SU 
97,41 u 
7 
7 
I 
Y 

A' 8 
3U 
J' 
I 4 
IOU 
IO1, 
IO' i- u 
2U 
2U 
2 'i— 
' 8 
U U 
U U 
13",- u 
IT H 
ITV. 
177,4 
' 8 
I Vi 
Pa 
I U v. 
4"8 
AU 
A' I— 
'■* 
TU 
7 
7 
127/a l l Va 
127,4 
1 8 
I 
13 16 
U Y 
16 
A’ I 
AU 
A' I 
3'T 
37. 
3' I 1 
H 
J U 
37. 
J U 
17', 
16 
167-4 
'/, 
15 T 
15 
15 
— 
23 U 
21U u n * 
IU 
57. 
511 
5' 3 
IO U 
9' 2 
IO 
7. 
TU 
TU j u ­ 
' a 
3 Pa 
3V a j u . + 
I 
87’ I 
86' 1 
8 7 'i — 
14 
9' i 
9 
9 
- 
3' 8 
3 
3 ', Y 
IO7. 
87. 
9' a— 
Pa 
3' i 
3’ 8 
JU — 
14 
SH 
8 
8 tau 
17U 
18' 4 Y 
14 
17'a 
IAU 
17'a Y 
7.4 
5' I 
SU 
5U Y 
1 8 
2 
Pa 
2 
Y 
9' i 
BU 
9 
— v. 
8 t ’n i n — 
J 8 
TU 
I 
7 
— 
3 i n 
2H - 
I 4 

G 
H 
I 

8' 8 
V 7 

13'. 
7' J ti 'a 
J '* 
5 '* l l >. 
5 '. 
7H 
3 '. 
IO'* 
I ' . 
2 '. 
I* . 
2 
6' 4 
4 *8 
6 
18' a 
8'a 
IO '. 
5'a 
38 
6’ J 
13’ 7 

5 
16*8 
12 ' n 
1*8 
4*8 
HH 
6 
23 V, 
4'a 

IS 16 G IT Ind 
2 
GR ICP 
16 
24 3 iv . 

256 
14o 
23 
2o 
49 
113 
9 

DSC En 
42c IO 
J. G TI Corp 
5 ** G abriel 
4o 
5 
4 
G alaxy Cpl 
8 
7 
Gar an 
44a 
5 
V ? Garcia Corp 
7’ b G arland Cp 
4 
8** G atesU rjel 
4 
I '* G aylord lop 
3 
64 
' 7 G a yn o r 
S tat v 
1*8 G nE m n 
!6r 
6 
3 *. Gem E xplor 14 4141 
V . G House w ar 
4 
14o 
I . Gen R ecrai 
V j Genoe inc 
8 
V * Genisco Tch 
7 
SU G en o vD r 
7 
V . Geon Ind 
2' a Gerber Sci 
6 
13*. G iant Fd la 
5 
3H G ia n t Yet 
81 
16o 
2' / G ladding cp 
94 
2' 1 G lasrock Pr ma 
26s a O la ttttr 
I 8o 6 
94 
I * . G lenGer 
16 6 
93 
6*4 GI en Dis 
44t I 
37 
W U G lobelnd 6oa 
5 
58 
9' 1 Glosser 
32 6 
3 
8 '. G loucsfr 
En $ is 
2*. G lover lop 
7 
3 'a G ld b la ft 
28 11 
79 
7 '. Golden Cycl 61 
51 
47« GoldnW 
Me 
6x146 
U G oldfield Cp 
235 
1H Good CS 
o7r 
J* 
2H G oodrich wt 
196 
3 '. G orinSt lOe 6 
13 
IS 
G orm R 
9oa 9 
51 
2*8 Gould IT 
24e 188 
22 
5 *. G randAu 
2o 6 
69 
67* C m d Ct) 
3o 6 
56 

V * 
2 '* 

V . 
3 H 
1 
I '* 
2 
12*4 
I7H 
127.- 
5’ 8 
4*4 
4V4 
IO7* 
1o7*- 
2 7* 
3H 

IV 
3 
37, 

2 '. 
IO' a 
2H 
1*4 
3U 
1*7 
6 ' 4 
I 7 8 
S’ 7 

Vn 
Va 
I I H * 
7, 
47*+ 
1, 
7*13 1613 16— 1 16 

117-4 
IO’ 
5’ * 
47-4 

2’* 
2 '. 
7V, 
2H 
I 
2H 
I ’, 
57* 
1H 
4*4 
17’ * 
17H 
17H 
6 ’ a 
6' 7 
6' 7 

2H 

I 7-« + 
5‘* f 

4*7 
47* 
4*. 
4*8- 
374 
35*4 
33’ ? 347*- 
6'4 
5’* 
5’ *- 
12*4 
II H 12'• + 
17 
16*4 I6H l l ’* 
IIH I I H - 
14' a 
13’* 14 
3 H 
3 't 
3 '* - 
4 H l l 7* 
IO 
IO7. 
1o*4 
H 
2*4 
7 '* 
4* 7 

H 
2 '* 
6V* 

4V,, 
11*7 4 
1o*14- 
’ 4 * 
2’ 4 
6* a— 
4' 14- 
23 H 
19’ , 
2 3 '*4 3 H ' 
374 
3 H 
3H4- 
7 
774 
7H - 
7 ". l o m p te te nationw ide eom podite priees 
New York stocks 
K selusive In San Antonio 

( i t n l t n i m i I r o m l* a n e I I C 

S 
T 
I ! 

Y eaity 
High lo w 
Solo* 
I bd* ) High law 

IOU Spt.ngW 
IS 
8 
121 
2o*. SquatQ I IO 
IS 461 
26'. Sqiebh 
96 I? IH I 
IN a SI al ey Wig I 
5 
6o4 
71 'n SI Poor 1 92a 
ITI 
77 
5* Br and I 28 l l 1352 
*6 
StdBr pf 3 5o 
; IM 2o 
3 4'. SHIP,im* 
4o 2o.4o8 
29' a 
SldO lCI J 2o 
8 49o 2 
4o’ a 
SIO,Hod 
2 JO 9 J6I9 
61' . 
StOilOh I 16 
22 85o 
48 
SOOt’ pf 3 75 
/ 27o 
5 ’ « StdPress 
4o 
.174 
S'. StdPrud 
66 14 
284 
914 Stand. * 
HO 
6 
63 
71 
StanWk I 17a 
9 128 
6 ‘» slant ay 
8o 
13*287 
16 . 
Starr .at I 12 7 
19 
IOH 
Slaw >e I OS 
273 
41 siautCh 144 IO 
983 
6 ', S le rih i 
18 
7 
J/ 
15 
Sh* Drug TO l l 2298 
4'a 
Sh* I Pre (De 6 
JI9 
8 a S lerm lnl 4o 
9 391 
I7*a Steven J 
I 2o 5 341 
2 3'. Slew Wa 
I 96 8 2o6 
18 • blok V I 
I TO IS 
JIO 
H) . Sh)kVC p l I 
/6 » m 4 Stone A 
2 5o 7 
198 
17 
Sion C on 
56 
5 
86 
13' 4 StOpShop 
I 
6 
59 
9 
Sior tee 
67* 
7 
447 
71 ** SlOf ta B 
I 
7 
141 
1o . S lrid H 'te Kl 
6 
19 
*6 . StuA o r 
I 12 
5 WSH 
JO . 
S IA pf A I 4o 
46 
64 
S tuffy pi Bs 
16 
JU SuavSho 
Ole 5 
12o 
14'. SubP'G I l k f 
H I 
11 . SunChm 
4o 
9 
J4| 
2*7, sonCo 
7 
{ IIH 
JI . SunCn pl7 25 
1 
192 
TOH Sunbm 
I OB 
IO 
297 
17 
Sundslr 
I 
8 
25 J 
JS *. SunOS pf J SO 
34 
9 
S un ■. Wg 
J I 
J I! 
16 » Sujiet Val 
66 11 j69 
148 
SuprOil I 8o 2o 
223 
5'« SupmkG 
JO 
7*743 
14' . Supm pH JO 
* 39 
16 
Super SC fie 
6 
331 
4 
Sutro W ig 
TO 
IO *. Swank la 7*225 
<6 4 Svbron 
84 f 
219 
13' 1 Sat vn p«2 4o 
21 
4' 4 Systron 
SI 
12’ a T-cor 
I 9 
258 
6 *. TRF 
Corp 
14 
792 
TR A ln 
I 4o IO 1193 

US iv 4 iv . 
17'* 
I N '* 
W H 
31*6 
28 ‘ 4 

129*4 
I I H 
29 y 
JOH 
M U 
J?** 
»-*. 
31'* 
J7H a*’* 
2o*4 
43 
IJ H l l ' t 
« * 
W H 
W t 
39*. 
23*« 
S t** 
IIH 
6 I 
14 
76 i 
IV 4 
* U 
14*4 
3*7, 

63*. TRW pf4 4o 
58 
TRW p(4 SO 
M U Tai*B ra 
8o 
9 
225 
JU TOlcott 
Net 
58 
6H T alley 
*o 
6 
389 
I U Talleyed B 
I 
13o 
15' / Tamp El I 12 
8 
SJI 
26 I Tandy Corp l l 1916 
37*. Tandy wd ll 
I I H T a n d y c rlt 
7 
235 
SH Tappan 
2o IO 
231 
IS 
Techn.cr 
2o IO 2HJ 
4*e Techm coir 
I MF 
9 
Tethm con 
IJ 
464 
I U T e kiro n* 
3o 17 
412 
SU te lw o r 
IO 
5 
165 
22' a Teiedn 
I 451 
6 1o21 
42 
Tel ad y r pf 4 
J 
5*4 Teleprm pl 
2922 
IU Tete* Cp 
12 
397 
24 
Tenoco 
I 88 
9 2o17 
97' . Tennc pf5 5o 
14 
13 U T esnro Pe* I 
9 6o94 
25' < Tesor pf 2 16 
887 
2J*i Texaco 
7 
9 7797 
I i ' , Tex Com I IO l l 
471 
7* I Tex ESI 
I 15 
9 7182 
24*. TxET pl2 4o 
99 
77 ’. T .E T 
87 
1o9 
29 
T e x G v f 
2 
9 
8*1 
28 , TxQs pf I 5o 
I 
117 x Texlnd 
1b 14 
St 
VI a t p. inst I » 24 7156 
S n Texlnt 
I* 9787 
IJ H TexO O v 2o I2x 1359 
17 
TxP cLd 
35e l f 
‘ 
17 
Tex Uh! I 
27* 1 Texsgif 
J 
3 
Texf. 
Ind 
1)o 
JOH Textron I 2o 
9 1o44 
28' x Textr pl2 o8 
* 
114o 

4U UU I , ST 
ISe l l 
I i 
32 IO 2548 
I X IO 
921 

IJH 
78 7 
28-x 
I t ' 7 
74*4 l l 
52' / 
41 
IOU 
SIU 
78‘ x 
59 
I 
7 Vt 
17' j 
32'4 
II 
22H 
I2*« 
49'. 
8*4 ll * . 
6>x 
11*4 
19 'x 
37 H 
23 
13 J 
55' 1 
ISH 
H U 
IV t 
TIU 
13 
25 so 
IGI 
SU 
24' I a 
47H 
49'» 
74** 
34*. 
52 
12'* 
74 
221 
I ' 7 
11*4 
TOH 
7V. 
11*4 
I* 
39 
6U l l 7 
9*4 
37 H 
85 I 
77’ j 
J IH 
I* * 
IOU 
ITH 
19U 
427. 
42*4 l l ll 

• 2H 
65H 
I 
64 
IOO 
IV , 
3' * 
37 
138 
17H 
JO7* 
27’ . 
39** 
» *» 
TSH 
J IH 
47H 
45H 
IS t77 , 
U H 
2 tn 
JOH 

IJ H 
24*. 
27H l l ' I 
24V* 
29* 7 
SO17 
39' 4 
39 
$8*7 
71' > 
58*. 
TH 
IU 
I I H 
JI 
Ta 
22 H 
1 2 * 
47 I 
8*6 
ISH 
5*4 
3o*7 
18*4 
JOH 
21>, t i ss 
14>* 
15V* 
IO7* is 
12*4 
4JH 
49 
99*4 
5 
22H 
29*4 
45*4 
47 v* 
• 21*4 
33H 
SIU l l >4 
22H 
221 
7H 
I7H 
I I H a 
37H 
W H 
I U 
I 
IT74 
9H 
34' 1 i i 1. ai 
M 
5*. 
I U 
12'* 
11*4 
41H i t ' I 
IS H 
IO 
JSH 
J7H 
SU 
IIH 
OIH i' 
I: 
JI 
IJS' J 
IS*. 
21'. 
M ' j 
J77, 
38*, 
S 
JO' 7 
45 u 
45 H 
U H 
94'* 
9H 
27V, 
4V-4 
29 ' J 
J IH 
2o 
29H JIH 

 it ' 7 Textr p f! 
12** Thiokof 
33 
Thom Bet 
7H Thorn In 
7U Thorn J ff 
IU T h riftp a 
1 aar 

IM 
7 
4? IS 
S it 

% 
I 

53 
15 
667 
367 
3o3Hi 
354 

61 

ISH V o w ’ I 
IO '* T.gerInt l l ' 7 T.m elnc I IS 12 
WU T im eM ir 
4o 12 
36*. T.m kn 2 Mkt 
9 
O 'I Ti»h 
B lty 
S3 
27o 
4 H Tobm P 
15* 
ST 
7 / Todd Snipyd 
294 
27*. TotEdiv 5 12 
9 
334 
IO 
TonkaCp 
48 
4 
132 
6 'x Tool Ro! 
4ob IO 
IS 
47* T ra c t* 
2o 
I 
524 
I t ’ 7 Trane Co I QI IO WO 

4UBS 

S h 
39' 4 
12 tau t u 
W U n u 

 a Y * 
55 4 
W H 
6H 
12'*n* 
7H n u a 

JU 
24'* 
32U 
24' • 
W U 
J7U 
I I H 
W H 
IH 
J * , n u ja i, 
22't 
S IU 
W U 
SU t u 

 n u aw 
W H 
M 

 lo * ! C hg 

W W . 
>. 
27'. 
7 * '. t 
'. 
I I H 
24H at >. 
> 7 
5o*4 
1*4 
3 9 'j 
IU 
4o‘* • 
*. 
S 7H . 
IU 
75 
H 
58’ . 
IU 
I t v, 
I ’ l l i. 
17*4. 
Va 
J IH 
II 
* 
U 
JJU * 
*7 
WU u 
48*4* 
*4 
I U — 
I , 
W a 
57a 
14 ll 
*4 
19 
37't ♦ 
Va 
72*. 
U 
W H . 
’ . 
SS1 1 * 
* J u t 7 - 
*. 
ISH 
». it u 
25' 7 
' a l l 
♦ 
'a 
43*. 
' i 
49 
— 
* j 
9 9 * .. 
>. 
5 
7 4 *.. 1*7 
32 
♦ 2 
45* 4- I n 
47*. 
V . 
23 H 
*4 
34'a 
’ • s i n n i i * . 
>. 
737» . V , 
227 
. J 
I U * 
7, 
W H a I 
19 
— 
' 1 a 
— 
* I 
W H 
IU 
W H 
>. 

W 
9H ja u 
85' . f 
7au ♦ 
JI 
♦ 
5*. 
1o 
♦ u n 
W7e - 
47’ . 
42 t i n 
W H 
32*. 
I n t 
11 7* 
87 . 
7H 

IOO* 
9 
4 
77. 
36H 
1)5' 7 a 
W H . 
IO*. > 
27*4 t 
JI 
M U 

JOH 
44 
~ 
457a 
IS 
4 
94H-- tOH r 
J in 4 
,29 *... 
21 *8 4 
M U ­ 

S H — 
2 4 '-*- 
2o 
4 
M H — 
I I H 
I I H 
I U ti* a 
IJH— 
ISH 
» i - 
5 2 . 4 
WU.r: ns- a u - 
IJ H 4 

Y e a rly 
H ig h la w 
Sole. 
(h d t I High la w 

I 4V, 
IO* n u i i 17w 

7?'n 
32*. 
2' 1 
IS* 
H H 
73 
32 

73>a 
W H 
2V’ 7 

64 14 n 
25' 4 
13 
37 
SOU 
IJH 
*7 ’ . 
7*' * 
9 'a 
1o*4 l l ' 7 
41 
53 
SI*» 
7 * '. 
I I 
17' , 

92 
25' J 
« '. 
I * ’ . 

 l l 
1o7 
37H 
7* 1174 
17’ 1 
W 
W U 
9 2*64 
14*8 
IO 1o4’ 7 
IJS 
73' » 
I 1o86 
19 
94 
II H 
I SSO 77 
74o 
97 
*181 28' 4 
71 ll 
358 

79 
Tranun I 76 
7* j TransW Air l l ' . T A A pl 
J 
I U Transam 6* 
65 
Trans p!4 SO 
TO*. Tranlnc I 9J 
»' 7 Transto 
9o 
I 
8 
T ransm 
57 
I 
TrC.PL pl 6 65 
Ti G P I PW 64 
TrG P l pl2 5o 
TranOhE 
» 
5 
T r THI * y I to 
« 
T ra virs I QI 
Travelr pl? 
TnCon I 5*> 
Tr.Cn pl7 5o 
Tri SPU V tge 
T r an Ind 
TnangPc acle 311*7 
T rin ty ln 
8o 
5.672 
Tropic,tn 
» 19 
241 
Tut son G I o8 9 UTI 
T wmC en 
5o IO 1199 
T vt OL at. 
4o 13 USV 
Ty lie Corp 
SO 
* 
UAL Inc 
6o 
UAL pf 
4o 
UG ICp 
I 4o 
UGI pf 
2 75 
IOU UMC Ind 
I 
’ • UMC T Tr 
IO 
UOP 
72e 
W H UVtnd 
I 5o 
5 6 ', U V In pi 
; 5o 
74 
UV in pf 
I 76 l f . UARCO I JO 
7 '. U n arm 
4o 
71 ’ n U n til* I o6*' 
39'a UniNV I l k 
S' . U nB,wiCp 84 
SB 1 UCamp I «o 
SSU UnCart) 2 5o 
6 

 l l 1o79 
42 
834 
TI 
735 
14o 

7 SJO 
7454 
4 
I 
H I 
;719o 
9 
745 
WI 
537 
4 
352 
I 

I 
’ 2 
I 
117 
I 
J 
6 
I J9 
II 
SU 
W 
927 x 
. _ 
9 2167 
Un Com m rc 
322 
Union Corp 
IJ 
265 
12'. UnE'ec 
1 16 I 1139 
33 
U n it pf J » 
12oo 
44 
UnE ' pf 4 so 
|19o 
45 
U*’ E 1 pl 4 5* 
ITO , 
61 
UnE I p f* 4o y 177o 76*. 
76' 4 U n E i P IJ 7’ 
.«« 
JI 
72 
UnEl pf > u 
I 86 
76 
Uric 17lpl 
I 
I 91'1 
J '* Un f 'Op!tty 
I 
96 
SU 
4oU Un OCal 2 IO 
I 1)91 
5«' 7 
52' 1 UOCit p»J 5o 
SI 
75 

4’ « 

21*. 
36 
42 
77 V. 
37'4 
I* , 
IOU 
W*4 
2o’ . 
TOH 
ISH 
H H 
2o’ x 
7JH 
26H 
75 
WU 
JI 
IS' J 
TU 
ISH 
37'. 
64 
37 
27’ . 
U 
J IH 
SOH 
U H 
63' > 
*o 
I ' > 
* H 
16'. 
4o 
53 
5V j 

1o7 . 
- 
______ _ . _ 
17V, 
IJ H UnPac pl 47 
1 
«11 1* iM ig n a mw 
, 
M i 
IO’ 1 
7' , u n .ro ya i 
SO 1*5775* 
8* 
71 
U n ify** p f* 
I V . 
SH 
Unit B ra nd , ll 
U H 
* H 
U riBm d pfA 
IOU 
7 '* 
UnitCp 
»7e 
28 
4 
14 U n friR , I JJ 5 
IJH 
SU UF inc ai 
24 
6 
U U 
7’ 4 Un G uarnfy 
IS 
77' > 
22H U htum 7 44 
IO 
25 
1 
74 UIMum p*2 JO 
24' a 
* H Urn 1 ind 
4oo 
14*4 
6>n U m lin pf «J 
7U 
4H Unit Inn 
IO 
IJH 
9 ’ . U te. Bk I o4 l l a 
V a U n i'M M 
4o 
41H 
ISH Un 
Nuclr 
4 
I >» 
Unit Pa Min 
O '. IOU Un iR e ty 
56 
I* 
IS 
USE OS T Ole 
37’ . USE.dG 2 64 
.. 
WH USG.ps I 6o 
17 89. ti* 1 USGv p f! IO 
25 
SU USMom 
I . 
9 591 
)*x UStna 
4o l l **79 
* ’ • USL* asg 
32 
. 47. 
IH US R lty tn v 
338 

36U 
I U , 
17V. 
W H 
1o2 
77’ a l l 
U H t v . 
92 
27' 4 
IOU 
JJU 
J4H 
4 IH 
J IH 
J I ’ . 
U t 
VU 
15'» 
WU 
7*U 
ISH 
IOU 
W H 
M 
TSU 
25 
WH j t n u n 
Wa 
W U 
I I H 
63' I ja 
J O . 
I Wa 
J I- a 
49'4 
IJ 
St s i u 

* u 
1* 
4oIU t i 
79' 1 
86 
91 
SU 
S IH rf’ 1 
76 
U P .. Cp J 4o 13 13*9 1o1 
99 

Net loaf Chg 

J7H» 
H 
I I H v, 
W U * 
’ n 
WU 
' a 
1o4 
— 3 
73’ 4 
WH t 
H 
I I H 
' a ri 
92 
77’ J 4 
’ a n u t v, 
72' 4— 
*a 
35 
42 
J J U . 
’ a 
32 
U 
I H . 
U 
IOU * 
’ a 
WU 
' a 
18’ . 
IU 
W H 
’ a 
IS' • - 
’ a 
I I H * 
H 
7o7, 4 
>4 
22'4 
7. 
2* 
H 
TSU 
7, 
W H 4 v, 
31 
IS 
4 
' a 
7 
U 
1SU4 
•. 
I I H 
’n 
*3 ' r 
IU 
37 
- 
H 
71H 
U 
I) 
4 Wa 
J IH 
IU 
49V,- 
1, 
IJ H 
«o’ . 
IH 
SI’ J - 
’ a 
I 
— 
H 
* H — 
’ a 
WU 
’ a 
4o 
- I 
S i t 
'a 
S IH I IU 

17V, 
I* 

 iii 

55 
26 >. 
» ; 
IOU 
I 1 I 
W U 
JU 

17’ ; 
26 I 
JIH 
OSU 
IM ' I 
JOH 
I ’* 
79' 4 
24’ , 
9H 
ISH 
J IH 
4* I 
IB’ a 
WH 
45», 
U H 

28*. 
2o i 
9 a tau n u 
* H a is j i u h 
8 
ISH 
48U 
49 a it tit 
I t tov. 

W I 
124 
JI 
324 
1o15m 
144 
27 
7241o 25 
7.117 
72 
4 
1 so 
9 
1o6 
546 
I) 7115 
63 
476 
1o 
It* 
144 
12 1156 

IOU 
I* 
IU 
IJH 
IOU 
27 
WU 
U H 

WH 
SU 
IJ H 
W H 
WU 

W U 
U t 
53’ j 
TSH 
77 V. 
7H 
I ’ 1 
U H 

ISH 
47U 
WH 
USfhoe I X 
7 1o*9 
4 5 '. 
U l.te e * 2 2o 
I 7VJ7 
W H 
USTobac 
I l l 1o4 
JOH 
U> Tech I JO 
I JJU 
J IH 
IM H Un Tech p f* 
IJ* 172 
1o4 
LkvTCh pf7 J2 
I I M '; 
Un.TW 
I m IO 3975 
WW 
IU Un i f el *< 
21 v. UnTW p f! 5o 
H U Un TI Je ll SO 
4>» Urn trod 
IO IO 
9' 1 Urn var l l ' 3 U ni rat it . Upionn 
I IH U S U E E 
VU Us. *e4 
27H U’ anPL 3 12 
W H U lP L p l 7 K 

437 
4 
27 
215 wa 
I** 

Ha 

5* 
7 
I it » 
I o8 14 
124o 
«o I 2o)5 i i i 
’ & 

V - V \ 
\ 
MW VECp 
I IO I 
24& 47 
• IU VSICorp 
4a 7 
77 W H 
* 
Valley In 
4o I 
459 
I U 
W 
Vartan 
JI 12x149* 
W - 

1 1 1 
J IH 
24 aw lowh 
WH 
WH 
45U 
J37* 

 t a u 
1 
9H 
I7 U 
IU 
Ijv, 
M 
JSH 
U U 
U H 
26H 
24V* 
WW 
W U 
SH 
W H 
U H 
J IH¥ 
177, 
SJH 
M U 
27 
7H 
7U 
IO71 
JU 
74U tS’n 
J4U 
JSH w in i i * 
M U 
Ox 
28 a 
JJU 
7 ion 
JO . 
MU 
W 
IIH 
44' a 
33 

Va 
9*a 
82’ I— 
I H 
W H I 
1o 
- 
V 
* 
U H li t * 
77’ § e as 
I* 7, 
W H * 
S’ a 
IJH - l i s t 
M n 
I ' , 
W H I 
11 
— 
53 H I 
23H- 
2 a 
- a h 
IH T 
IV I - 
JU 6 
%£ 
24 V. 
W H 
164 
- 
H IH ♦ 
WU 
JU 
JIH 
24 b 

Yearly dtgh la w 

VQ 
77’ a 
67U 
72’ 4 
4 v. 

1o8 3 
J IH 
87' » 
85' 3 
SH 
WU 
53 
23 
6o' • 
$’ 
17 'a 
I V ; 
O H 
IJ H 
24 
18'* 
U H 

 w 7. 
S h 
4o 
IO '. 
» |’ 7 
77H 
IOU 
77 ‘a 
96U 
ST 
- 
IO '. 
I ’ 

31 
SU 
S’ I is 
W' a 
O ' » 
63' i s 

38' p i , 
27H 
I* 
TO’, ion 

V aEP PIV 75 
V aEP PIT 9o v a E P pf 7 2o 
V aE P pi7 45 
VOrnado Inc IO 
Vulcan M f 
1 
IO 
WabR p l 4 5o 
Wachova 
SO IO 
A ach nil JO 
Wach felly 
A a l M a rt 
IO l l 
A a lg rn 
I IO 
7 
A lk r A I 4o.1 
9 
A a l I Bus 
Mi 
9 
A a l IMH 
I 
8 
A al I Jim I JO 9 
A a ll J pf 
I 
A al IJ pf I 4o 
A a ro F d 
47t 
A a m a c o 
A m e pf I 5o 
A arnS 
I JO 17 
A rnC om 
4o 
A rnC pf4 75 
A rn C pf I » 
Arnee Co 4o 
9 
54 
A a rn e rL 
I 14 3469 

Sole* 
(b d , ) H igh la w 

115IO HOH 1o5 
1o7 
J IH 
I I H 

Net 
Io n Chg 

14*3o 
{14o 
417 
56 
{7o 
1o9 
7 
2o1 
ISI 
187 
166 
1o8 
97 
711 
(15o 
514 
144 
194 
I 
24) 
8x894 x33 

35U 
I ' a 

IO’ . 
27’ . 
JBN 
IO'. 

21 - 
I2’ a 
W ; 
I ’ . 
14 
4 ’ a 
14' 3 
4 
W U 
S' > 
JU 
I t ' 

 ll w 
32 14 a 

IS ', 
SH 
56 ti' I 
42 ' n M U 
It' i 21 
I ’ . 
17>. 
W H 
IM 
IS '. 
6 
W H 
17’ 
X U 
IS’ 
5) 
44 
57' ; 
45 
65 
54 
77 . 

37 

I 
4)' I 
24H 
25 . 
WH 
49U 
J7 
4 6 . 
SSU 
TSU 
M 
23 ’n it 
*1 
53 

W U 
22 
77’ • l l 
I t 
IS 
31 
14 
I ' 6 

AashG s I 88 it 
AaShN-V 
8o 
I 
AasN pf 7 5o 
AashSII 
I 
A a s A a t I 76 
A asieM 
2o 
A a lk .n J 
A ayG o , 
A ayG pf I 6o 
A nan Unit 
A ea pl2 2ok 
A ea thrd 
5o 
A ebb Del 
E 
A et SMM 
72 
A ei.sF rgo I 
A e llF M 
S4e 72 
1o7 
A1PP p l4 SO 
/JIO 
A * Pl Pep 2 4o 
7 
71 
A s lc tT r I 94 
9 
5 
A n A -rc 
4oa l l 
574 
A n Bn. 
I 4o 
9 
' 
A n Nor A 
4ob 5 
A nP ac Ind 
7 
A n P i.b i 
8ob 
6 
A Union I to l l 
A n Un pf 4 6o 
A n Un p f 4 9o 
A nU n pf 
6 
A n Un p f! 56 
A estg E i 
97 
A eslg p f) IO 
A st vaco I IO 
A eyb rg I 36 
A eyerhr 
IO 
Aeyr pf 2 *o 
Wheel Fr ally 
Wheel Pit SH IO 
7J 
A bel Pit pf 6 
{)ao 
A be l PH pf 5 
{HOO 
A h irlp o l 
8o W 1177 

117 
72 l l l l 
W I 
‘>46 
257 
39 
5 
9 
4) 
6 
1 
14 1295 
9 l l 
8 7o*1 

1o94 
217 
274 
211 
687 
I) 

77 a SJW i m 
I 
4o3 
J u 
24 3746 
Ct* 
W 425 

25*a 
WH 
I 7. 
J u h 
IO 
J* 
IOU 

9' a 
4 
2o a , 
I '* s h 
46'4 
J IH ti 
4 1 'a t* J , 4 'a w - 1 w r 

1 
27’ll 
371 
56o 
543 

32 
W ' 1 
97 1 

2 4'. 

I i i . 
17 
TSH 
WU 

ST 
» 
M U 
W H 
I I H - 
44H 
MW ­ 

IV . Vero inc ase 
IU Van (lo Co 
3H Venice 
» 
WU ve sts* 1 lie 
W '; vetco toe r* 3 Viacom 
Int 
JU Victor C OS* 
WU Va E P * I 24 
39 
VaEP pf4 12 
41'i VaEP pf4 TO 
VaEP pf4 8o 
VaEP p i 
5 
VaEP p f7 77 
VaEP p f* 84 

Ii 
WI 
WE 
IO 2391 
IS 4239 
79 
9 3317 
{14o 
{7oo 
{H 
IMO 
Uo5o 
U U 
{JOO IOU/* 

OH 
SU 
4H 
14U 
23 
W H a n 
IS11 t v > 
49' 43 

1/ ' i 
’ii: 

Sh u h a v , t w a is 
48U 
47' ; 

 iS tu 

M W 
W H * f u ­ l l 
- aw 
IH 
J U 
W H* 
22 
WW ♦ aw i i 
- 
46U 
4; ' , -3 
M U T IU 
IOT'U T I 

X 

JI . 
JO 
72U ll 
X 
3 * 9 
Ti . 
J IH 
IO 
OW 
J7 a ti' 1 iou 
IOU 
5 '; 
25H 
15’ * 
27H X 
39' 
6U 

? v ‘, n u 
I 7 a 

J IH 
JU 

W U 
T h 

Ahdt-Cons I IO 
Ah, Ch pf A 3 
A h tC pica 
White Mot 
A h ting I JO 
6 
W h itta k e r 
9 
Wickes 
Hr 
IO; 
A ebdtSt 
32 IO 
A itlm sC os I IO 1682 
A tllm s pf IO 
A iis h rO 
12e IO 2564 
A inn Dx 
I 56 13. 327 
Winn D ix B 
4 
Winnebago 
A im e r J 
(Rd 
A V t Pv. J 
Wise pl 8 9o 
A SE pl 7 75 
A isG as I IO 
A SG pl I 55 
A iv P l 
I 4o IO 
A i v P l I 46 
9 
A lic e , 
I tO 
7 
A lic e pf 1 tS 
A iftrO 
6o 
5 
A o lv rA lOe 
6 
A om etco 48 
7 
AObdCp 
KW 
Si . . . 
AoodPet 
2o W JOisl 
AOIadh 
9ae 
7 22o3 
AOI A of 2 X 
62 
A o rld A .r 
» 135 
A r,a ly J am 
9 *37 
A u riu a r 
4o 
5 43 
A yla m 
*o 
12 142 
A | ly Corp 
1955 
Xerox Cp I M 133*45 
X lr aine 
(Be 12 13*1 

S7. 
It 
53 
X 
SS’ . 
4’ J 
I4 7a t a u 
28 U 
2 IH 
21 
M ’ x 
IV J 
4o’ * 
6 
V I 
WU 
X U 
27H 
9 6 . 
SS 
IOU 
31 >4 
27H 
1o 
11 
21 
25V, 
W H 
27H av. 
W H 
4 ’ a 
I* 
9' I 
(OH 
77’ 1 
78 U 
I U 
55 U 
4o a 
77 H 
1o 
3o' a 
15 
IIH 
W H 
X 
53 
IJ H 
11 i v . 
W H 
4|>a 
» • * 
73' I 
44'a 
82H 
IS H 
W H 
6oW 
I I H 
J IH 
28'a 
39 
3* 
I H 
22 3 
IU 
I M 
IO 
25 
43 
OU 

 l l 

6*4 
W I 
111 

189 
47 
248 
223 
117 
I 
237 
17o 
23o 
14/ 

JI 
79' » 
83' ; 
SH 
J IH 
57’ ; 
WU 
SSU 
4 
M U 
17 
28'a 
X ’ . 
X U 
35'. 
IV ? 
M U 
SH 
6H 
U U 
79’ . 
2 * '; 
97 
54 
IOU 
29’ . 
21H 
WU 
34' ; 
X V , 
25 
12 
J IH 
7H 
WV, 
4H 
ISH 
9W 
9 H 
2* ' I 
2 7', 
9H 
54' ; 
I I H i v * 
9' I 
29' 1 
M U 
MV, 
17H 
WU 
57U 
54' a 
63 
W U u n i t ' . 
X 
77v. 
42' J 
IOU 
24’ , 
WH 
IO 
5o 
M U 
TSU 
X 
37' , 
7H 
IV * 
SU 
W H 
7'a 
24' a 
43 
7H 
41H ton 
SU 
17H 
X U 

IU v, 
IU a 

JU 

’ a 

I 

' a 

6CU 
4*» 
19 a 
U H 
{IWO Io7U 1o*k 
/ t x 97' 1 ta 
T I'* 
)VU 
H H 
X U 
29 u 
71 
U U 
5 w u 
I U 
ISH 
It'-n 
JOU 
I 
73 
U H 

T h s a n n u 

TOU 
2* 
J IH 
JOU 
21 ; aT 
WU 
4' 3 
I I H 

WU 
S'* 
4U 
If* 
IO 
2W 
SSW 

1o6 
31' a l l 
’ 
• J 'm 
SU > 
J*7, 
527. . 
I 9 'r - 
5 5'. 

WH-— ta - 
» u 
21’/, 4. 
X V . 
35 U 
U U i f — i» > - f H — 
M U t 
3 o '•— fa t 
♦ 4 — 
4 
T 
(Oh 
1o’* - 
22 
+ 
W H 
31 i 
X ’ , 
21'* - - 
W 'e — at**— a n i 
W H 
4 W 
W i f l y — 
IOU T 
Taut- 
IV 3 * 
9 U - 
55*. t 
3 9 H 
7V. t 
I U 
I9 H — 
IS 
♦ u l i ' i T 
H 
M U T 
' a 
W U - u 
53 
♦ 
H 
M U T 3 
43 
77 l f 
- 
4 2 U - 
U 
W H - IH 
23W T 
U 
4 
- i u 
# 
1- “ as 
M H T 
M H T 
SI 
— 
M H T 
21H — 
I * 
T 
M H T 
I 
- 
J IH — t 
— 
W 
• U t l f 
« 
- f * T 
M U - 
4o'a 
O ',— 
17H- 
3o'-1— 
1oa t ta> 1 
Jo7^ a* 
- 
J IH — 
M i r - 
2#’ » * 
71 
_ 
U H 
I 
T 
’ I 
— * 
O H i i 
* I 
M U 
SS*»— 
I 
T ai t h u t 
1o6, 
I H T 

M 'u - 
I I U t 

Wa 

IU 
H 
U 

IU 

17 6 
H 
7 
Ma 
I , 
IU 

I 

Y - Z 
WH 
TS I 
X a 
W 
* ' 1 
4oH 
IS 

 ion 
W U i i n u 
1 
26'* 
I i 

IOU 
UH 
W a 
W U 
7Wss 

 f a Y ah» m d 
* 
* j 
H U id le C orp 
88 a 
4*9 l l 
Zot*pf A 
8o 
9 
IOU 2 a pa t a 3ob t * t t s 
I*a la y re Corp 
* 
53$ 
U h Zen thRad I W 31o7 
9 U Zurnlnd t i 
IO i i ) 
„ 
IfeEEXLV NY 1TOCK lA L B i 
Total for areek 
Aeek ego 
Year ago 
Taro years ago 
Jan I to date 
197* lo dale 
1975 to date 

1oH 
W H Y 
H 
I 4 H i 
H 
UH i 
I 
T 
'/a 
24W 
H 
144, 
'a 

I I6 8Vo ooC 
1l4.87o.oot l i t 484,67a 
84 1417 Jt 
731 56o OW 
247 55171 
3. WO 797 8oc 

San Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS^— Saturday January 15 1977 

Yearly 
High low 
Sale, 
(bds ) High law 
Net last Chg. 

678 
6U 
37 ’ a 
6U 

2 ’ . G tAm Ind 
4 
75 i'-n Gt Basin Pet 6o Xo2 
2SH G tLkCh 
28 14 
224 
47. G tLakR 
22r IO 
6 
56 
4 
6 
6 .41 
8 
9 
7 
58 

618 
TH Greenman 
A' ; 
4 * G re e rH / 
12 
7U 
4 H G R E W 
4o 
14'* 
IO 
G rossTlc 
I 
IO '; 
6H G rowC 
32b 
'8 I 32 G u a rd M f wt 
9W 
4 U GuardCh 
4ob 
7 '. 
4 ; G uilford 
X 
U I 32 G u H M R It 
A t 
X 7. G ltO i'C an 
I 
4U G u lfRnp Fin 
5 
8 
3'a G lfs trm LD 
43 
IH 9 I* H a lco P rod 
51 
14 
* 1. HallsMOt 
5o 6 1o8 
6*4 
3 H Ham pD 
15e 14 871 
378 Ham ptn 
Ind 3 
37 
IO’ . H annfrd 
AO 
5 
X 
SU HanvrSh 
AO 
5 
9 
2 '. HanvrSq RU 
22 
1A 
H arland 48a IO 
1o6 
3' 3 M artfd Zdy 
77o 
IO 
H a rtrM 
72e 12 
123 
7. H a rv e y G rp 
5 
4o 
3' 3 Hasbro 
Ind 5 
52 
6’ * Hasting 
4oa * 
79 
J 
H aw aiA 
,1or 4 
2o 
5 
Health Chm 
9 
74 
3 '* H ealthM 
3o 5 
53 
V * H einick lOe 
9 x91 
1 
H eitm n M fg 
23o 
BU Her M a j 
72 
6 
79 
2U H iG lnc 
IST 
75 se 
5 
Hi Shear 
65o 
7 
3 '* H ighlnd Cap 
2 
37. H illha vn 
32 6 
5o 
5’ 3 H ip trn ic 
X l l 
46 
I ’ . Hotm n md 
2o 
32 
25U H olngA 
18o 
1o 
3 
2 
H o lly Corp l l 2512 
23’ I HorneOA 75 
8 l l 
16*. H orm elG I 12 
8 34 
4 'n Horn H a rdrt 
12 
5"a HospM 
6oe 23 

6 7. 
6’ * 
34U 
6 

34’ . 
IO '. 
TH 

8’ n 
13 
W a 
5’ ; 
2 1'. 
7W 
14*8 
Va 
8 ’ . 
IOU 
4*4 
12 
7'4 
3’ 4 
2 '. 
ISH 
4U 
BU 
7>. 
7' ; 
WU 
7’ 8 
39'. 
*»-. 
34*. 
26U 
BH 
8’ 

6H 
SU 
J IH 
A 
3H 
5U 
6 ' 3 
W H 
9H 
2A I 16 I 16 I 16 
12 
9'5 
9’ . 
9 H Y 
49 
5 
5 
5 
4o I 32 I 32 I 37 
19 
25V. 
24*. 
25 
IO '* 
‘ 
5' 8 

5H 
67. 
W H 
IO 

A ',— 
A 
T 
34'a a- 
A 
— 
3 7*~ 
S '-a - 
6 H T 
M H T 
IO 

IOU 
SH 
I 
W H 
6*4 
A' » 
12' ? 
IO3. 
5 
X 
5 
W UL 
SU 
9H 
47, 

1oU + 
SU 
I v 
U U Y 
AUY 
5 U - 
12’ *- 
IO’ . t 
4 H - 
191.- 
4 V ,- 
137. 

13’ 8 
4 
5 U 
12 
IOU 
47. 
193. 
4H 
123/a i l l 1611-16— 
7H 
97, 

5 16 I 16 H o s p M tg wt 
14 *8 
SU 
7 7. 
II 'N 
5SH 
2 7'. 
7V. 
37'4 
37 
SH 
47. 
4 1 '. 
WH 
3 'b 
23' 8 
5 ". 
4 '. 
IOU 
87-4 
4*4 
1*8 
8 
4' 8 
26' n 
TOU 
5o 
77-4 
3' n 
6H 

 l l ' 
Hotel In I 37e 13 
4'» HousRon 
3o 
5 
4 
HouseVi 
32 11 
6U HospAAtr In 
26 
32' ; HouO 'IM 
8o 35 7741 
IT's HowelC 
4oe 
9 
3'a Howell 
I Se 
3 
77"; Hubei IA I 5o IO 
28H H ubellB I.SO IO 
3H H uckM fq 
X 13 
17* Hudson Gen 
31 
Hud BO 
I 52 
9 
6 
H uffm an 
5o 
2 
H untH lt 
o5r 
16'; HuskyO 
8o 
7 
3 
Hycel Inc 
17 
J U ICHCp 
32t 
7 
3 ', IC M R 
5 
IM CM q 
X 
6 
2U ISCEinl 
3o 27 
H IT I Corp 
43 16 im p C b 
3oe 
6 

84 
49 
7 
23 
1o 
IO 
I 
22 
5x243 

6 7* 
6H 
I 7* 
Pa 
18V. 
3 
6' J 
5 
7U 
6H 
2i» 
79 
4 U 
76’ a 
23H 
6*. 
7 
63 3 32 I 16 I 16 
46 
127s 
12H 
177# 
5 
47. 
8 '. 
49 V, 
17*. 
4' 4 
347. 
347, 
4>b 
4H 
347, 
W U 
3'T 
18 U 
3 '; 

7’ a 
2'8 
2 
ISH 
JU 
6 H 
5 
7H 
TH 
2U 
29 
67. 
277. 
74 H 
7’ a 
7H 

9' 3 
47*— 
7 
— 
7 
T 
17. 
17 a— 
18HT 
3 
- 
6 ’ ( * 
5 t 
7 H h 
TU 
2 H - 
29 
6U v 
277/4 *- 
247.4 
6 H — 
7 

5’ * 
SH 
VU 
55H 
IB3. 
4H 
35 
35 
4H 
4 *4 
34’ a 
W H jv . 
2o 
37, 
4*8 
A’ s 
I 
3 

S 
A7, 

37, 
57. 
AH 
27a 

Pa Im per 
Ind 
ISH ImpOMA 
BA ll 
8’ 1 Incoterm A 
12 
41 
In d p lP l p f4 
I 
In flig h t Svc 
IU Inolex Corp 
3U Instron 
X 
2U11 IA In s fru m Sys 
24 
3’ s 
7 
12U 
JU 
23 
3' 8 
2 '. 
W H 
5 t ’ n 
4' a 
3A 
I' 3 
I 7'b 
U H 
J'3 
ISH 
4’ a 
A 
18'4 
9 ’ . 
1A 
A’ J 
8 

I P , 
W H 
IOU 
W 3 
SH 
X 'B 
4 N 
AH 
BH 
IAU 
o7. 
54’ 3 
7 ', 
51* 
7H 
77x 
3AH 
3 Va 
9 ’ a 

 ll 
HH 
377. 
57, 
AU 
IOU 
79' 3 
35'4 

2i» 
4H 
A7a 
A' 3 
IOU 
U U 
2*4 
2H 
4' 3 
2H 
WH 
I P * 
26 
TH 
5'n 

7H 
IO 
V . t ’ n 
4*8 
IV 3 
] 
19'. 
SU 
BH 
3H 
72’ 3 

V t InsSy pf 25e 
IU Inte grf Res 
I 'a Intrm odco 
5' a In tlA lu m 
5o 
Va Intl Banknot 
IV 3 IntCour 
28 
Va Int FoodSVC 
V 3 InFuneralS 
8 
IntG enln 
7o 
P's Int Proteins 
4H IntSeaw 
25e 
IU Int Stretch 
15'a IntSyCon 
25 
U Interphoto 
9 78 In te rp o o l 
IO 

25 l l 
647 
1o1 
{21o 
96 
IO 
152 
1324 
Al 
5 
34 
9 1182 
7 
IOO 
8 4263 

3511 16 9 16 

5 
Inte rw a y Cp 16 
I 
Investm Fla 
9 '. in v o lv e rs 
A 2oe 
2H In v o lv e rs 
B o5e 
27, investRI* Tr 
13 
Ionics Inc 
6H iroq B rrl 
7o 
13’ * IroqB rnd 
3 '* Irv in ind 
6’ 8 Is ra e lD 

12 

6 
JU 
21*8 
U U 
SO 
P a 
2’ a 
AH 
IH 
127*4 
IU 
7 
W U 
3' * 
W H 
P i 
2 U 
W U 
47 8 
67*8 
2 
U U 
V 3 
17H 
M U 
44 
IS, 
5 4818’ 4 
5 41 tv, 
143 
A 

48 
33 
454 
35 
I 
76 
53 
74 
199 
2o6 
188 
342 

 f&l tie 

15'j 
7' b 
15*8 
AU 
6*4 

J 
K 
L 

AH Jaclyn 
4oa 
7’ 4 Jacobs 
7oe 
4 '; Jam swy o5r 
8 *. Jeannet 
X 
2 
Jetrom c Ind 
TH JOhnPd 
36 
7' a Juniper Pet 
2 H Jupiter 
Ind 
3H K T elln 
4Se 
8 
K a is rln d 
26 IO 
IU KaneM .II wt 
45 
KnGE pf 4 5o 
4' 3 KapokT 
X t 
9 
27, KayCp 
o7e X 
4 H KenwlnS 
34 
5 
4H Ketchm lOr 
5 
127n Kewanee 72 
9 
IU Key Co 
5 H K eystlnd 
X 
5 
I . Kidde wt 
V . Kin Ark Crp 
9 
IU King Opt lei 
6' h K ingR d 
X e IO 
47, K ingstip 
2o 
5 
87* K irb y E x p 14 3162 

 ll 

IU 
K it M ig 
M 
IU 
KleerVu Ind 4 
4' . 
K teinerts 
6 
W H K nickToy 
15 IO 
18H K ollm or 
5o l l 
6H KuhnSfr 
IO 
4 
2'a LSBInd lOr 
5 
' n I. T V Corp w t 
2'8 LaB arqe 
o6 13 
3H LaM an r 
7o 
8 
5 
LaP oint 
2oe IO 
5 '. 
LaQ um laM 
7 
AH LafyR ad 
26 
I U L a k e Snore 
IU L n d m rk Ld 
2' 3 Laneco 
o8e 
V e LaTour Bek 
AH LeaRon 
Ma t ’ n LeathCo 
.5o 
8 
15 
LeeE nfr 
52 M 
V 3 Lee Natl 
3 
Lee Pharm 
I t 
3 
Lehigh Pres 
5 
A's Leigh Pr 
6o 
6 
Va le is u re Tee 
6' / L e v i P in 24 
5 
SH Lew isB F 
74 
4 *. L ib e rty Fab 
4 lig b to lr 
16 
4 
LiMiAnn ll 
TH Lincoln Am 
4 
Lloyds Elec 
IU Lodges 
I2e 
W H lo h m n 
8oa 
47-4 LoewThe wt 
4 ’ n L o g ic o n 
VU Logistic 
Ole 
9 
LaGenSv 8o 
3'a Lundy Elec 
I 
Lynch Corp 
I ly n n w e a r 

38 
35 
25 
361 
48 
7o 
IO 
287 
IX 
42 
19 
98 
7x118 
I 
1oo2. 
71 
IO 
I 
6o 
W 
335 
3o 
48 
7 

7'a 
W H 
9H 
W H 
3H 
87, 
4U 
AU 
5H 
ISH 
5 
54 
SH 
47, 
7' a 
AU 
367. 
7H 
BH 
1 
Pa 
2 
7H 
I H 
V ’ n 

SH 
7’ a 
21 v* 
12' 8 
49 
Va 
Pa 
5' 4 
IU 
I I H 
I ' . 
578 n u 
2H 
13’ a 
I H 
2' j 
127. 
4U 
6' 3 
IU 
17'4 
7. 
16' 3 
14 
P . 
17' i 
4U 
5*8 
M U 
6H 
14’ 3 
5' 3 
6' 3 

V , 
W H 
8 7* 
IO7 8 
3' a 
SH 
3’ . 
AU 
5 
15 
4 7* 
54 
5'/4 
4' a 
AU 
6 
33H 
2H 
7U 
2 
IU 
IU 
7 'j 
AU 
27H 
4'*a 
3' a 
7 
ISH 

54 U i 5 
IB3. . 
4' a— 
35 t- 
35 
4U + 
47-a V 
34'a H 
13' a V I 
3' a— 
197-4 
3H- 
47,1 
AU — 
7 
T 
3 
U . 
6 t- 
2’ , * 
7 P » - 
17UT 
49 
- I 
Pe 
I 
AU t l u ­ l l ' j — I 
P i— 
678 l lP '.v 
2H + 
W a - 
P .v 
27.4 
13 
- 
4 k ,- 
67i 
IU — 
17H 
V IT 
167'8- 
1 i n ­ i ’ i 
18UT 
4' 1 sn 
15 
- 
7 
— m u ­ s h y 
67 a 

7' J—- 
W i— 
9 
— 
1 o H - 
3H — 
8 '! — 
J U T 
6' a— 
5 
- 
1 SU y 
47-8 
54 
5U + 
4 H - 
7 '* + 
AUY 
35'a— 
2 H 
8 ', — 
2 
I M T 
2 
T 
7’*i— 
7 
— 
3 4U Y ; 
4H 
4H y 
7H y 
29'/ 

 l l 

33'a 
32 
33 y t a 
67, 
AU 
A U . 
' 8 
3 
Va i n — v. 
U 
9 16 9 16 
3 
27. 
3 
♦ 
' 8 
A' i 
AU 
A’ IT 
5'a 
5'/, 
57.4 u 
IO ', 
9 N 
978 + 
14 
9 
BU 
87,4 
I 4 
3 16 
2 
2 
— 
I 4 
IU 
IU 
I U u 
3U 
3H 
JU T 
' * 
2'8 
2' a 
2'a 
9 U 
Bv. 
9 
T u 
IO '. 
IOU 
IOU— u 
26 
23'a 
25U + 
2U 
I " , 
P a 
Pa 
A' I 
A7 8 
AU 
57. 
SU 
5U 
W U 
W U 
I J U ­ 
'N 
J ', 
2 ', 
JU 
7' 3 
7 
TU + u 
AU 
57. 
A H T 
' n 
TU 
AU 
T U T 
14 
AU 
A' 3 
47'a— 
U 
AV* 
AU 
AU 
A 
3U 
3 U u 
7 
6'a 
I 
T 
I , 
77. 
27, 
J 7 'a Y v. 
17' 3 
17 
W i ­ 
I 4 
8 ', 
TU s h y 
I 4 
TU 
7» b 
TU — 
U 
2U 
2H 
J U T 
I 4 
27’ i 
X 7 . 
T IU — 
U 
AU 
A'-, 
AU r u 
37. 
JU 
3 'a — 
IU 
IV. 
IU — u 

V 
I N 
O 
7’ n 
5 
I U 
V a 
16'8 
S'* 

IU MDC Corp 
J U MPO Video 
7 
M W A 
4ob 
' 3 M acron md 
W a MePbS 
I 4o 
7’ n M am m M rl 
9' 3 
J' ; M naood t ’ n 
3 H M a rm ite m 
SH 
3 '. MansfT 
o2r 
I 
13 16 M a rm d u q B» 
27U l l 
M ark Cfi 
X 
4"a M arlene md 
3U M arshall FU 
4 v, M arshal md 
M U M ar I Pr 
« c 
6 H Maslnd 
4oa 
23H M asneilh X 
P * M asters Inc 
4ia M a*erRe 
X 
4 
M aul Bro 
Mb 
U Mc Crowt n 
2 H M cC ulO 
AH Mc Infsh 
7o 
V a Mc Keen On 
IO’ 3 M eans! 
I o8 
SU Medals* 
44 
IS 16 M e o aln G rp 

IOU 
6 
I 1 3 
32’ a 
IOU 
39 H 
4 
W a 
7*8 
IU 
SU 
27'a 
4U 
W 3 

 a 
5 
7U 
H 
IAU 
4U 

7 
4H 
7H 

4U 
9H 
SU 
X U 
17 l l 
W a 
7' 3 
I U 
4H 
M 1 1 i n n u 
I 
ISH 
A7* 
JJU 
TSH 
J’ > 
* a 
35 Va 
48 a 
IU 
77, 
25'a 
6 i i 
W a 
I U 
7'a 
AU 
2V 3 
I ’ n 
JU 
IU 
I ’ a 
SU 
21 
77. a 
2H 
JUw 
4' a 
4V, 
IU 
39'a 
IOU 
JU 
JU 
I n 
34 1 
M U 
IU 
X U 
U H 
I7U 
IO a 
24 U 
I U 
I 
I IH 
I 
I 
W U 
SU 

Pa Medco Jwly 
S7a Medenco 
X 
2’ 3 M edfield 
M edia On 
7U M egolnl 
IV 3 M F M Co 
I 
SU M ete* 
X 
U M e lro c a re 
U M etro G rtg 
V a M ich Gen! 
9 U M ichS tigar I 
3 
M.ChS pf 
24 
SU M tc k lb ry l l 
J' / M did Co 
IO 
9 U M idi GIS 24b 
37a M ille r H 
WU M ille rffo X 
12'a Mi I Roy 
TS 
U M ission IT 
I 64 M is s io n l w t 
17V. M oPtcR I 3o 

X 
I 
163 l l 
31 
55 
19 
42 
56 
3 
79 4914 
I 
8 1587 
65 
25 ii 
6o 
17 
IU 
13 
191 
ISA 
78 
718 
45 
97 
331 
1o6 

^ | 4 U 
64 
4'a 
3115 16 
X I 
27<X 

 a n 
4'a 
4 '• 
7* 
JA7. 
7’ » 
4' 1 
AU 
21U 
9' J 
3 6 ', 
J U 
IU 
4U u 
33* 
P U 
4'a 
W U 
I U 
I U 
IU 
•Vt 
SH 
19 
W 
P H 
97, 
V .IS 16 
Va 

2 
4‘a I 
7H< 

IAU ' 
4*1 
4 U 
4U t n . 

7U 
IU 
7U 
22' ? 

JAH 
4 
87. 
SU u 
4' a 
27' i 
4' i 
W 
SH 
J 
Pa 
I U 
6 ', 
X 
W U 
P H n u 

I 16 
2 

14 w 
98 l l 
211 
IO 
1o7 

4' a 
W H 
JU 
1 
SU 
W H 
I ’ * 
27 U 
ISH 
2 

3 i n u i n 
SH 
I U n u 
4U 
X U 
147, 
I U 

4' 3— 
7 '* Y 
21 Ve­ i n ♦ 
38' a— 

$ 
- 
U 
C m 
2o' a 
4 U 
17 7'a- 
I U 
IU 
I **-■- 
I H T 
I 
19 
— 
W '»— 
P u t 
H U Y 
I 
_ 
IH T 
4 ', Y 
P U ­ 
SHY 
S H — 
SH 
I l l i ­ c i t 
X "*~ 
15'a— 
IH 
79 I 14 I 32 I 32 

24 U M itc h lE 
17 7113 
48 
J U M teCp 
X 
7 
694 
I 
4 
Modern Md 
4 
4 
6'a M o iycrp WI 
195 
4V, Mon Mg! 
4o 
5 
W 
44 
M onP pf 4 X 
{7o 
I U Mood 
AO 
I 
18 
J U M igG th 
48r 
X 
4U M ortons 
32 
4 
31 
3 3 MottsSup M f 
32 
I4U M tV M .I I X 12 
U M ov Si ar 
I 
M ovieiao 
J' 3 M u lt'A m 
J U Napco 
J H N ardaM u n N it c s s 
5 
NO.Str 

5 
I 
X IO 
M 
I 
X 4J 
X IO 
U 
It l l N aiM lth 
Em 
IO 
Nat md wt 
V t N Kinney Cp 
I 
Na* 
Par ago 4o 6332 t n Nat Patent it 725* 
J7* Nat Silver lie 
7 41 

 it U 
SU 
SO*. n u 
* 
AH 
4 . 
U H 
IU 
IU 
5 
I U 
J U 
247. 
I U 
I 7, 

32 

2 '. Na! Spmng 
IU Nat System 
IOU NatwMo 
32 
3U Ne.sner Bro 
I ' . N elly Don iv , Nelson l B 
IU N e s tL M 
2 1'. N E N u cir 
SO l l 44 
»oU NM#mp 
4oa 
9 
I 
' 3 New id n a U4e 
6211 
IS7, N M e. A rn 
48 41 
I U NProc 
63* 
A 244 
I I H N Y Tim es 
AO W 1*2 
* v , NewbEn 
» 
4.1o1 
14 
N e w co r lb 5 *23 

71 
X 
7 
W U 
IOU t u 
JU 
I 
W U 
AU 
IU t i 

32 
42' 3 
77. iv , 
21V* 
SH 
5o 
W a 
SU 
57, 
4 
IS H 
7H 
P , 
AH 
7H 
3 
24U 
SH 
IU 

357. . 
4 7 ', » l a * 
6 
. 
24U» 

5o 
- n u 
SU 
AHY 
4' a 
16 
SHY 

I T 
H 
• U Y 
'n 
J U 
2 4 U - 
SH 
I U - 
' a u n M U IA i n a y ll* UT 
V* 
8 ' f ■ I 
IOU 
I U 

 u p 
X U 
W U 
I'-a 
JAH 
IOU 
17 
9U 
I I H 
AU 
1%, 
ISH an 
I 
I H i* 

JU 
4U n u 
4U 
IU 
JU 
I ' I 
27 U 
T ; 
24'* 
*7 . 
W U 

U U 
IV* 
IU 
IS 
4U 
JH 
SU 
J 

J U T 
4 U n u — 
4 U 
IU 
V T 
79 
T 
I2U 
V , 
25 
- 
X 
- if - 
I U Y 
U U 
AU i 
IU 
1 1 H - 
4 U y 
3 
SU 
J 11 

3U Newt a 'kRs 
7 968 
V t Nexus 
U t 
A 
12 
I I H NiagESv 
56 
5 
X 
JU N id m is SE 77t 
4 P 
2 
Noel mdust 
S 
14 
■JU Note* Cp 
J* p a 
JVS Nor lek 
o4 
13 
57 
I ) 16 3 16 No Am M i w t 
13 5 16 5 16 I 16 
U U 
I 
Nor Am R 
IO 
IO 667 U U 
' 
9 *.43 16 N or Cdn O ils l l 442 
I U 
53U 
45 NIPS pf 4 25 
{4o S3U 
I U 
JU Novo Corp 
X 
JU 
AH 
J N uclear Oat 
JO 
245 
I U ljv . i n Numac O 
Os 19 
63 IOU 
AU 
J U O EA Inc 
TD l l 
4 
4U 
JJU 
A7* OakwdMom 
Oat 
J JI 9 H 
JI 
13' 1 Offshore Co 4 
85 l l 
*V. 
47* O hioA rt 
24a 
7 
.6 
A a 
.4 
X U Oh .OB 
2a 
4 
32 44 
U U 
4H Oh Sealy 4* A a l ) 
I U tov. 
4'a O ttalnd 
2oe I 
44 
| 
23U 
M U 
Q nLme Sys I i 
IO) IV 1 
$1 
31 OOk 1 ep Cop 22/ISM 
3 7 ', 
JU 
I 
O rig in a l* 
* 
V-a 
J U 
I 
O rm and md 
23 
X iv * l f 
IO7* OSuhvn 
6o * 
1o4 l l ' , 
7U 
JU O ui Or Sport toe l l 
41 AU 
W H 
AU O verhDr so 
I 
179 W H 
I H 
I 
O xford ESI 
147 
2U 
TH 
J U O /a rk A 
Ioe 
5 
177 
4U 

2U 

M U 
7 U 
52 > 
Sh 
SU 
IO 
A 
9’ * 
U U 
A 
43 
I U 
7H 
2o*i 
JAH 
Va 
IU 
W U 
6 U nu 
IU 
4 '* 

 u 
I s in y 
J't * t u t 
IOU 
AU I 
9 '* 
P U * 
C m 
43 
- 
• U t 
A 
T 
X ' 3 ~ 
ITH 
Va - 
J U T 
U U Y 
4’ 3 n u - 
I 
Y 
4 H — 

I 14 
IU 

‘ P - Q - lO 

JU 
7 u 
IU 
U U 
P U 
WU 
W H 
ISH 
U H 
JOU 
JOU 
WU 
X 
25U 

26V. 
B U 
27 H 
W U 

Va PBE Indust 
I a PN BM R wt 
’ a P S A Inc wt 
U U P G E Ip f I SO 
U U POE pf I 17 
W U P O E Sp! I 25 
WU PGfed p f! 25 
I I 
PGptA 
I 25 
W a PG 4 apt I X 
M U P IO u p ! 2 54 
26U P X 46pf 2 4J n u PG 4 Sot) 17 
JA'/* PG 9 Apt 2 J7 
T IU PG I Jot J OS 
X U PGE8pf 
J 
JOU PG 7 Bpt I 84 
22U PGE 9pf J TS 
2 IU PG I 1 p f, Qa a n PG * X U la n u p o 4 jo t 1 ot 

IU it u 
84 
15 
I 
23 
I 
’ 
71 
228 
IOO 
9 
’B 
X 
27 
7 

IUU u 
U U 
U U 
W H 
W H 
WU 
U U 
X U 
IOU 
W U 
X U 
XU u n t i ’ * 
J IH 
TA7, i t ’ * 
W H 

I U 
IU 

 l l 
U U 
W H 
UV-, 
U U 
U H 
BS w 
IU 
XU 
23 
261. 
24Usi: 

5 U Y I 14 
I C I 
U U 
H 
W H Y v« 
W 
T 
V* 
IS 
. . .. u n a u 
X U u 
29 H y v, lJVa t 
U 

24UEt 
U H 
XU 
U U Y 

Yearly 
High law 
12 
SOU 
517. 
5 2'. 
S5H 
92 
2o7, 
631 3 
33' a 
2’ 3 
V , 
5 
8U n u 
3U 
26’ a 
4 U 
5 
7'a 
7 
7 
2H 
9H 
3 7 'j 
7 
14 7. 
SU 
V 3 
75' 3 
17’ 4 
8 '. 
8' 3 
U H 
SU 
■IU n u 
4*8 

4'a PHoldg 
16 
43 
Pac L f pf 4 36 i f 3 P acL f pf 4 4o 
44 
Pac Lf pf 4 5o 
4 5'. P acLf pf 4 75 
7374 Pac Lf pf 7 64 
14’ 3 PNwTel I 32 
57 
P acP Lpf 
5 
227. PatlC orp 
4o 13 
257 
’ n P alom r Finl 15o 195 

I X 
799o 
{5 X 
{23o 
{218o 
9 
X 
{1o75 

37. Pandl Brad) 
3 
Pantast 
3o 
A 
4U P araP k 
Wa 
5 
7H Park Ch 
48a 
8 
IU P arkE I 
)oe 
18' j ParsonsR 
8o A 
2 's Pat Fashion 
4 
3'a Patagonia 
3’ i PatoCG 
3 
4 
PeerTu 
X a 
8 
4’ 3 Pem cor 
X 
5 
Va Penn DU wt 
A U PenEnM 6oa 
: 
19 
PenTr I 2ob 
A 
37, PECp 
681 
5 
97. PenRIE I IS 
8 
2 '* PenobS 
2oe 
4 
’•n Pentron Ind 
A 
177. PepBoys 
1b 
A l l 
PepCom 
6o 
4 
47e P eriniC p 3oa 
■ 
3H PertecCm p 
9 
6 '. Petro Lewis X 
57s P hilLO 
34e 
3 
258 Phoenix Stl 
7’ / P icN P ay 
X 
7 i n Piedm ont In 

Soles 
(3kU .i High la w 
6o 
H U 
I I H 
48U 
51Ji 
52 
S4H 
89' 3 
19’ 4 
6 3 '3 
32 
V t 
57, 
4H 
57. 
I l l * 
3H 
24’ 3 
3' 8 
47. 
A's 
6’-a 
7 
V 3 
9 U 
3 V . 
4' 3 
147. 
47. 
IU 
23H 
W a 
SH 

43 
X 
X 
5 
9 
145 
42 
37 
66 
4 
55 l f 
26 
12 
148 
8 
5 
28 

48' 
5o' 
5 V-a 
52U 
88’ a 
U H 
59 
79H 
' I 
5'a 
47, 
47. n u 
3H 
22H 
2 ', 
4' 3 
A' 1 
6 
A' 3 
IU 
9 U 
3o 

2' 311 16 P io ne er Sys 
87b 
6' 3 
24'N 
42’ 3 
26’ 4 
IV 3 
26 
12H 
478 
2’ . 
U H 
4' 3 
7’ n 
I I H 
15J 4 
33 
6' 3 
8 
76U 
4 
4H 
X U 
18' 3 
5 ’. 
17’ 8 ion 
7’ 3 
5 
47 . 
7’ 3 
5 
7H s n 
TU 
2U 
45' 3 
5 
3 
2’ 3 
II H 
SH 
W H 
27'4 
21 
16’ 3 
I ' n 
4 ', 
25 
2' 3 
18 
IV 3 
2o 
J U 
2U 
7 
IO7. 
I 7 8 
15 
7’ n 

6o 
87 
759 
793 as 
152 
4o 
12 
33 
145 
12 

8’ 3 
U U 
7'8 
3' 3 
IOU 
2 
2'8 

2 
175 
227 
2 
7 
27 
I 
7/11oo 
1o5 

PionTex 
8o 
5 
SU PitW V a 
56a 1o 
M U P itD eM I 2oa 
5 <26 Ti’ . 
2 8 '. P tlw a y I X 12 
74 
39 
15'. P lacrD v 
8o 18 
6 ’ . Plant md 
W H P lantrnc 
12 14 
127. P lantrnc wi 
7H PlyG em 
Sit 
I 
V 3 P lym R ub A 
IO 
PneuSca 
8o 
I ' . Poloron 
Pa 
SH Pol ycbr 
291 8 
3' 3 P ra irie Oil 
18 
IO 
P ra ttL m b 
I 
7 
241s P ra te pf2 25 
4'8 P ra tt Rd 
3o 
7 
A's P rattR pf 66 
19H PrenHa I IT 12 
2'4 PresRealt A 
I ’ n PresRealt B 
A 
Presley Cos IO 1511 
13 
Preston 
7o IO 
35 
TU 
P rim M I lit IO 
5 
SU PrpCT I 2oe IO 
78 
8U ProvGas 
8o 8 
A 
Va 
P rd R IE 
16 
47 
2H Pr od Bdq 
24 6 ll 
TU 
Prud Group 
8 
2'a 
Putte Hmes 

46 
261 
126 
6 
49 
17 
121 
I 

2' r P untaG rd Is l l 
4' 7 Purepac Lb Q3e 12 
4 
4’ a R B 
Ind 
IU RE DM Cp 
V a RE Tine 
Fd 
3 5 '. RET pf 438 
I ' . RHM ed Svc 
IU RPS Prod 
I H RSO Indust 
5 
RLO Corp o6e 
3' a Racon 
X a 
5 
6’ e RaqanB 
15e 
5 
13' 3 Ranchrs Ex X 
W U R angrO Can 58 
IO '. Ransbrg 
8o 
5 
'* R a pd A m w t 
77b Rath Pack 
W H R aym P r 
4o 21 
Reading Ind 

5o 
31 
65 
43 
31 
5 
31 
5 314 
18 
1o3 
797 
351 
146 
468 
98 
6 
12 

14 
4 H 
IU 
23’ a 
16H 
7U 
7’ * 
W U 
6 ’n 
3 
9 7 * 
I '* 
I 7 8 
7H 
AU 
X 
36’ a 
IS I, 
8 
24'« 
127. 
4H 
2U 
II 
2U 
AU 
9 7 . 
W 
33 
AH 
7H 
X U 
2 '. 
2H 
9' 3 
M U 
J U n u 
97. 
I 7, 
4 7 . 
3'/a 
A's 
2U 
S ', 
6 7 . iv . 
2U 
45 
4U l l , 
Wa 
1 o 'i 
4 
3 'b 
9 '8 
9 
U U 
16’ i 
21 
177. 
W H 
127, 
I 
13 16 
47. 
4' 8 

U 'N 
B U 
ISH 
12'8 
47. 
2H n u 
3 
77, n u is 1. 
33 
A’ 3 

Net la s t Chg. n u — u 
48'a . . . 
51 U y 
I U 
52 
T 
7, 
5 4U Y 
'a 
89' I — 7' 3 
H T V - 
' 7 to 
32 
T IU 
IH T 
H 
5'-i— 
' a 
4 H 
5U n u - 
'a 
3' * 
2 3 '* - 
H 
I ' M 
>, 
4 U T 
1 • t n 
6 — 
'n 
A7 s t 
U 
IU — 
' a 
9 U 
3o'a— 
7. 
4' 3 
14 
— 
7, 
47. 
I U — 
'* 
X U - 
H 
167. y 
' 7 
8 
— 
’ * 
SUY 
M IB * I 
V S Y 
'8 
JU 
IO 
— 
7S 
174 - 'n 
7 
~ 
'n 
8 
Y 
7, 
A1*— 
'8 
237-4 Y 
I 4 
38U - 
’n 
U U - 
I U 
8' • Y 
' 8 
25' 3 Y 3. 
W H 
43. Y 
' 8 
2' I 
' 8 
H H T 
U 
2H 
A3. - 
' a 

23'a 
27. 
2H 
W H 
M U 
2's 
W U 
97, 
2 
4H 
J U 
7’ a 
2'a 
5H 
7H 
I U 
71 a 
45' 7 
5 
Wa 
IU l l 7. 

M u Real Est 
I 4o 13x116 
SH R ltln c T 
9oe 
5 
WH R ltR ef 2. lOe 
9 
I ’’n Redlaw E nt 33 
IU Reeves Tete 
3 'i R efrta Trns 
8 
8' 7 Regal B 
52 9 is R elG rp wt 
I V , Rem Ar 
8oa 
I 
’n Rep Housng 

29 
19’ , 
24’ 4 
W H 
22’ 3 
7 ’ n 
7' 7 
5' 4 
77. 
77’ 4 
37’ 3 
21U 
7 9 '. 
4H 
13 
4’ 4 
W 8 
3 H 
5 'b 
I 
5 
6>. 
21 7 
IO 
IO 
25'a 

U H RepN Y 
88 
5 
33 
W U ReschCtl 
o8 13 
359 
14 
R esisttlx 
AO 
7 x78 
2 
R e srtsln tl A 72 
823 
2' b R e srtsln tl B 4o/165o 

IU 3 32 R e p M tln w* 

21U 
I U w u i i w u 
2H 
I U 
AH 
IO 
I 7, 
15 
2U 

 av 
1 
M U 
IOU 
19 U 
2 'i 
IU 
6' a 
9 H 
IU 
14 
2 

 i m 
W H Y 
33 
6 U y i n 
Ti' 3 - m 
2' 1- 
1oU— 
14' a— 
278 Y 
12 
— 
9U — 
I 7 N 
47. 
3’ a 
7 
Y a u ­ s u Y 
6 7 .- 
1 ’ a— 
2' a 
457, Y 
4 U - 
17 a Y 
I ’ n v 
H U Y 
4 
9' a— 
17'a Y 
2o’ 8 f : 
12U- 
1 
T 
4 U Y 
21U t 
17,+ 
IS 
- l l 
I9U 
2H y 
P a - 
67/. Y 
9 U 
P/a 
. 
M H Y 
2 
7 32 3 16 7 32T 132 
26’ 8 
25'a 
25' 

I 
Rest Assoc 
’n Rex Noreco 
J U R iblet Prod l l 
3'a Richton 
26e 
3 
IO’ 3 Riley Co 
6 
25' 3 R ioA lqm 
I 12 
A’ 3 RisdonM 
4o l l 
H U R o binte ch 
2 'i Roblin md 
4 
BU Rockway 96 
I 
2 
Rocor 
Intl 
BU Rogers Corp 
I H Ronco Telep 
6 
2'7 Rossmor Cp l l 
U R oyB usn Fd 
3 
Ruddick Cp I2e 
4' 3 R udick pf 56 
I 
Rusco Ind 
7 
Russell Cp 4o 
5 
SU RUSICH 
4o 
A 
W U RyanH 
5o l l 

X 
IS 
169 
556 
38o 
23 
434 
163 
91 
12 
3 
18 
9o 
71 
65 
5 41 
5 
68 
179 
6 
445 

19’, 
W U 
IOU 
U H 
IU 
7'a 
SU 
7H 
21 'a 
28 U 
2Pa 
15 
47. 
13 
3U 
W 
2 U 
5'a 

5 
6 U 
2 
87. 
9'8 
U U 

18' 3 
U U 
9'-a 
U H 
IU 
2' 8 
47/. 
6U 
W U 
28 
W U 
14 
P a 
127. 
J U 
I P . 
2' a 
4H 
9 16 
4’ a 
6' 7 
Pa 
SH 
BU 
17' 3 

U U - IU 
19'/. Y I 
IO 
Y 
U 
U U Y 
’ n 
V i— 
'a 
JU . 
5 
Y 
U 
T U T 
7. 
21 H Y 
'a 
28U y 
U 
X U Y 
' a 
14' a— IU 
4 U Y 
' a 
1 2',— 
1 a 
3 U Y 
U 
W 
U 
U 
JU 
5"a Y 
1 a 
U Y I 16 
5 
AU Y 
Va 
I ’ n - 
' n 
S U Y 
Va 
8’ a - 
U 
18 Va— 
Va 

S - T - U 
9 I 
5'8 SGL In 
I6r 
J1 a 
V * SO Sec 
5 Ie 
WU 
W H SGSe pf I 7o 
3'a 
IU SMD ind 
AU 
4 's SSPInd 
33e 
M U 
7 'i STPCp 
8o 
8*8 
3' 1 SaftranSy A 
W H 
SU Salem 
89t 
1o 
6 
SCarlo I ?6e 
IOU 
SU SO'PG pf 
88 
I V . 
9' a SOieG pf W 
W H 
IOU SDieGpf 
I 
1o7' a 
88 
SOgo pf 9 84 
87 
71 
SDgo pf 7 8o 
81 
69 
SDgo pf 7 TO 
79>. 
It 
SDgo pf 2 6o 
12' a 
3' ? SanFr 
RE 
’ a 
VY c e p a uu 1 
4 o '. 
M U S a n jff 
2 6o 
3"a 
I U Sargent md 
IOU 
5'a SaundrL 
M 
9'a 
AU ScheibE 
56 
9 'a 
AU Schenuit 
6oa 
6 
2' i S chiller md 
IOU 
AU School P 
4o 
878 
5’ a Schrader 
M 
J U 
Va SciM gt 
o9e 
2 V a 
IOU Sc I A tlanta 
26’ a 
X U Scope In 
5oe 
17 
IO'a Scribner 
TO 
7V 8 
W 's S curry Ram 
»** 
6' 3 SbdAlM .I 
4o 
5’ a 
2U S ea le ctr Cp 
Va 
' a Seaport Cp 
4'a 
I'a Sears md 
W H 
7'3 SeasnAII 
TO 
2U13 16 S ecM tg ln v 
5 16 3 32 S e c M tln w f 
SU 
4' a SelasCp 
3o 
I l l 16 S eligm Asso 
AU 
33. Semtcb 
Ut 
A '. 
J U Servisco 
X 
7 
SU 
2 '. Servo Corp 
5 
SH 
SU SetonCo 
45 
8 
4'a 
7U ShaerS 
I5e 
7 
M U 
X U SharonSfl I 
7 
WU t n Shawm 
5ob 
9 
4 '. 
I U Sheller Res e n 
374 Shod Cp 
24t 
5 
33 
X ' 7 Shnandh Oil 35 
I U 
P * Shopwell 
In 14 
19' 3 
12’ / Showbof 
I J 
S' 7 
Pa S huim Tr En 
SU 
SH S ierrcin 
2o 
I 
M i u S ifoolnd 
5o 
5 
7H 
5 H Sigma lOe 
A 
4' a 
2 '* SikesCp 
A 
87-4 
317 Silo Inc 
6 
3 'h 
27, SimeoS 
75b 12 
IOU 
A 
Sim kins 
AO 
5 
JU 
IU Simplex 
Ind X 
2H 
I U SU kin SmRt 
W U r n iky O H aor 
I t n 
17-4 Solitron 
IAU 
A7. Son der 
Brdc We 
AU 
J U Sorq Paper 
17 
So undsn toe 
6 
AU SoestCap AO X 
IO "a SC4 Opt 
I o2 n u s c * jp t 
1 qa 
117. SC4 jp f 
I oe 
12’ 3 SC f tpi 
I W 
U U SCEO p l! 6o 
W H SC5 8pf 
I 45 
14’ a S C ilp l 
‘ 
24 . SC9 2pf 
2 3', see op* 
BW. SCE pf 

T“ 
39 
9 U 
BU 
9 't T u 
A3 
V 3 
IU 
I U Y u 
36 
ITV. 
IG’ a 
W k T n 
A 
IO 
2 U 
2 Va 
2 Va 
27 
93 
5' a 
AU 
SUY 
’ n 
13 
364 
IA U 
W'T 
U U Y 
IU 
6 
43 
SU 
SU 
B U - 
I 4 
5 
225 
W a 
U U 
U U Y 
H 
72 
TU t n 
7 U Y 
Va 
26 
IO' I 
IOU 
IOU 
71 
IO' i 
IOU 
IO '!— 
' I 
6 l l '/ l l l V. 
H U T 
'■a 
{4oo 
o6 
1o3’ I 
1o5 
- 
I 
{ASO 
86U 
SSU 
86 
Y I 
{1o5o 
79' , 
It 
79' 1 + 
JU 
37 
X U 
X 
X 
- l l 
1o4 
WU 
I V , 
12'/. Y v. 
59 v a il 16 
H 
8 
X 
AO7 8 
JS1, 
AO 
T 
Va 
9 
383 
37. 
J U 
3 ',+ 
U 
A 4 u 
97. 
9'/. 
9 U + 
14 
9 * 97 
77. 
7'a 
TU— 
•a 
5 l l 
87. 
BU 
I U u 
36 
19 
2 H 
JU 
2 ' , y 
'/, 
I 
A 
7 
AU 
A7* — 
'* 
8 
8o 
TU 
7 
TU ­ u 
19 
46 
JU 
2U 
TU Y v . 
14 
153 
X 7 . 
1 9 ', 
X 
- 
V. 
AZ XCO 
26 
247. 
25'a T 
7 . 
5 
22 
13V. 
U U 
W HY u 
IO 
A l l 
17'k 
W a — 
Vi 
3 
5 
I U 
8 ", 
• u . 
2o 
19 
J 
J ', 
3U 
A 
42 
H W I* 
U — 
16 
IO 
2U 
27, 
2V.+ 
U 
I l l iou 
IO 
IoU Y u t i l in 
2 Va 
2 U T 
11 
146 7 32 5 32 I l l 
6 
SI 
SH 
SU 
SUY u 
15 
IU 
IU 
I U — 
U 

WU 
SU 
WU 
W U 
M 
W U 
73 
I i i 
17 
78' 4 
27' a 
96 
1oJ7, 
1o5 
75 
SU 
IO 
AH 
OU 
AU 
77» a 
OU 
97, 
V . 
HU 
17' a i n 
IV j 
4H 
IAH 
IOU 
TAU 
I 

9V 4 SCE pf 
96U SCE pf 
9 
SwstAir 
J U SwtGFin 
5 
Spar tex 

1 3o 
7 M 
2 21 
7 se 
8 X 
8 96 
o6e 
1o 
4o 

, 
5 t it IS 
Ind 
Ole 
I 
32 6 
48 
6 
5 
5 

4'4 Speedy Rest 
SU Spec tor 
IO, 
JU Spftctro 
ITT 
IU SpedOP H 
9 16 S p e i/m n 
JU Spencer 
5'4 S pe n crf 
4U Spientex 
_ 
4 '. St at td Lowd 
17 a StdAlhanc I 
4 U StdCont 
15r 
IJ 13 StaCuosa 9o 
4 
7H S 'dM etl 
5ot W 
9 
StdMO'A IO 
I 
JU StdPac Corp 
5 
IS* a StdProd I X 
4 
StdPrud wt 
StdShrs aor 
8 7* S'ange 
W 21 
S '. St an Ay 
7on 
Star Sup 
76 
4 
Stardust Inc 
IV a S la m Mo 
IO 
I 
V t Steelmt 
24b 

552 a23 
227 
33 a’ 
U M 
44 
71 
88 
58o 
241 
2 
6 
375 
727 
17 

 iVi 
35 
32 

5U 
A' a 
SH 
77. i n it 
94. 
JU i n 
28 U i n i i 
JU i n ion v . 
J U i n 
J U 
* 
2 
Wa 
W U 
J U 
5 2115' a M U 
4 ', 
W U 
I U 
IJ H 
W U 
W U 
W U 
J IH 
W a 
U U 
X U 
2 7 ', 
W U 
1o1 
1o4 
X 
5'-a 
♦ * i 
SH 
V a 
4U 
JU 

5U 
AU 
4H i n 
JVI 
U U 
I U 
JU 
V t 
26 >8 
JU 
171a 
2U 
6 
IOU 
TU 
J 
7U 
27a iv , 
IU 
IU 
W a 
7U 

13'/ 
I 
12'a 
127. 
I J I. 
U U 
71 ll''a 
U U 
27'a 
JAH 
92 a 
1oo 
1o1 
23'/. 
4U 
I U 
SU i n 
4U 
2U 

J I' 

 i«) 

 x ii 
13 
4o 
81 
1 j a 
Al a 
» 7 
43 
5 
34 
1o8 
2 
I 
It 
4 
26 
5 x i i 

1213 IA H 16 

77 U 
I i IH 
W U 
7'x 
19 
17 > 
19v. 
1J 
SlepnCh 
AO 
2UW U Stet I 
E lectr 
14 
JU 
I'a Star I E xt 
IO U 
AH 
JU Stevcoknit 
4 
A U S tru tff 
3ob 
8 
4’ a So. Ann 
24 
I 
H S u m m it O ro 
5 
J U SunCityl 
75 
5 
13' a SuoElec 
48 
9 
SU Sunair fie 
I t ’ n Mundane 
JOO ti SIO 
5-x Sunsh i f 
24o 
4 
A 
I U SupEdSv 32o IO 
M 
7'a Suparcr 
1oe 
4 
I 
4 
S uplndl 
12b 
7 
U 
J U SupSurg 
M i 
9 
71 
I 7* Susquhana 
W2 
AU Susqiman pf 
.36 v» S utrM tg wt 
4 
4U Synaloy 
2ob 
$ 
91 
TO 
Syntax 
M IO 1664 
127. Sysco Cp 
28 I 
M2 
47, System Eng it 
UT 
IU TE ICO inc 
I 
SI 
JU T alley In wt 
M 
IOU Tandy Brnd 
5 
26 
U 'x 
U U Tasty 
I Ka 
I 
I 
19'. 
U Tech Syrn 
471s 14 
J U Techcl Oper 
J7 
2H 
IU Techcl Tape 
4 
166 
J U Techtrl 
16 
4 
94 
14U TeionR 
» a JI 
37 
J U TeleCm 
22e 
A 
727 
I U Teleflex 
32t l l 
4 
U TelexC p w t 
ITA 
T n Teona Corp 
A 
1o9 
4'« Tenneco wt 
IU 

IO t n 
I 7. 
4' > l f ' I 
IO '. le v. 
9' a 
W U 
4'a 
I 
SU 
JU 
I I H 

36 . 
U U 
IOU 
JU 
4 
1574 x u 
V a i 
JU 
SU 

TU 
AU 
AU 
W U 
AU 
U U 
J U 
U U 
9 ', 
JJU 

JAH 
M U 
57a 
W U 
Va 

I u 
17' i 
IU 
J U 
4’ a 
IV , 
SU 
I 
4 
IT' a 
IOU 
I I H 
AU 
WU 
37, i 
5’ a 
JU 
I I H 
1 a 
AV. 
24 a 
U U t n i n 

J7# 
AU 
SU 
SU 
W U 
* 
IS H 
3 
M U 
I U 
2J7. 

SU 
A13 
S 
T 
' 
T U — i 
JU — 
' 
W H Y i 
I U - 
' 
2*8— 
7'a a 
♦ 
2 H - 
17U— 
JU — 
1 
BU y 
1 
IO1 a— 
7 'a Y 
' 
J 
. . . . 
7 H 
3 
- 
|» B ~ 
J 
T 
I 3-. T 
' 
W a 
2 'a f 
U H — 
4U 
U U Y 2 
I 
T 
W H Y 
IJ 1. Y 
W i T 
WU 
JI* J - 
1 IU T 
1*7',- 
X U y 
26U— 
91't— J 
IOO 
- J 
1 o 4 — 1 as t 
I — 
9'a 
SU * 
Tu t 
A'-* T 
JU T 

* u - 
4 a 
* 
- 
I SIV 
4 
U U 
J U » 
IAU * 
• H » 
72U 

24V* 
U a 
SU w 
IU 
U U 
I U 
M 's 
W , 
2H 
4 
TU 
SU 

 u 
I M 
U H * 
'n l f * 3— 
U 
S'-e— 
H l f 
Iv . ta u - 
I a 
I 1» T 
"a 
IT 
T u 
J U T u 
IU-.- u 
41, t n 
I H T 
U 
SU 
. ■ 
'a is U t I M 
J U 
V>*~ 
'n 
U U - iv , 
1oUT 
U 
I T H - 
’n 
I 11 
IT ', a 
’* 
J U T u t 
I ; u t u 
J 8 Y 
U 
I1 U T 
’n 
• »— I It 
6 h » - u t i n - 1 
B u — I iu - u 
T u t u 
J U T 
U 
14"a 
W a 

BU 
I* u 
V * 
I U i 
I n av 3 
W U si 

JU s 
IT H 
I U 
WU 

16' 
IO' u 
* u 
17 
J'a sn 
S'a 
27a 
IOU 

* 
27’ a 
IS 
A' a 
IU 
JU 
U U i t 
'ais Mf 
2U 
J U 
JU 
4H 
M U 
7U 
IT 
U S U 
J U 
J' 

 s 
214 
I I I 
{JM 
441 
I 

24 

Tenney Eng 19 
Tensor 
Cp 
IJS 
Teradyn Inc IO 
T e rra l 
AO* 
T .P L p lf i t 
Texsiar 
o7e 
Textron wf 
T hor Cp 
Thorgf M kt 
T h rD D p l 
T h riftim * A 
J 
Tid w e ll 
Ind 
SU Tlita n y I 
X 
3 
T im pte Ind 
111 a Tokheim 
IO 
13 
TOI Ed pf 4 25 
12 
Tot Ed p tl 32 
>9 
TOI B d # 
IO 
AU Topos Gu 
X 
I U TonnCp 
AC 
I 
A 
AU Total PII NA 
IO 1o7o 
UT 
111 

Vi 
5 
* 

7W 

I 
IU 
Va 
U 7* w 
ST 
AU 
M u 

JU 
JU 
9 
4' a ll 
AH 
TIU 
49 4 
96’ . 
1o9 
VU 
W U 
■ 
■ 
■ 
■ 
I 
IS U IS 16 T o ta l P f! WI 
IAU 
IOU Total pf 
7o 
3U 
IU Town e ntry 
J** 
IU Trans L u * 
AU 
JU Treadway 
OSr 
IS'a 
I U T riS fM tr 
IO 
I 
I H 
3V. Trice md OS* I 
A U 
I H T ubosM 
I7e 
*7 , 
J 
Tuff co 
Joe 
4 
24 
U U TgrnrC 
144 
J i'a 
J 
T w m E a ir t i ' a 
W U UBI 
I s u j u ip c p 
B i 
JU 
Wa U N A Corp 
AU 
I U URSCp 
Me 
I i Ja 
J U U V Ina wf 
. 
I H 
J7, U nim ax G rp I i 
5 
Wa U nim axG pf 
$ 
2'a Un Invest l l 
IOU 
SU U nA irP d 
SA 
* 
SU 
J U Un 
Asbestos 
I 1 a 
U U nB r arid wt 
IAU 
I I H UnCosEn 
SO 
I 
I n 
I 
Unit Foods 

U l l 
JO 
B 
1 
I m 
(625 
/ X 
{19o 1o9 
I MA* 
7' 

IU 
J U 
* 7X 
2U 
TU 
* '/. 
JJU 
49 4 
92 

TU 
IU 
IU 
W H 
W U 
54 
AU 
U H 
I I* 
J U 
J U 

IJ H 
TU 
J U 
I * 1, 
JU 
I U 
J U 
IOU 
TU 

J U T 
$ 
T 
17U~ 
I U T 
IT U — 
U 
JU 
TU 
V r— l u x 
M U Y 
12 
4 
- 
*7 . 
U U 

J U 
JU* 
♦ U T 
2"* 
AU 
A U * lO 'u - 
4 | U y 
92 
- 
1o9 
T 
7 
— 
I] 

JU 
AU 
SU 
19U 
A IU 
92 
,o1 
T is: u 
2 ,2 7 l l EJ I* 
U U 
U H t IU 
Ju t u 
2'a 
. . .. 
J 'a T 
Va i6*/{ 
AUY I 

JU 
JU 
JU 
IOU 
SU 
23123 1621 M J I U t I U 

A 
142 
J 
H 
N 
I 

JJU 
JU u 
M 
I U 
JA 
4 
MS 
AU ti 
AU 
IS 
AU 
X 
AU l l 
W a 
M43W U 
1o2 9 I t 
4 
W a 
35 
I U 

IAU 
J** 
IU 
JU 
AU 
AU 
AU 
AU to 
JU u w 
IU f 
J U ­ 
MA 
. 
4 
AU— 
A', 
. 
AUY 
AU 
'Si* 

WI t 

12-C 

Yearly 
High la w 

I "a 

4’ a i n en 
137a 

5H 
JU 
WU 
34 
157. 
JU 
3H 
16’ a 
IOU 
M U 

' a 'J n N a t C o rp 
I 32 U n N a tw t n 
1 
UNatCp pf 
83 
3'a UPiece Dv m 
5'a USBan Trst 
38 
SH U S E iltr 
24 
9 
749 
5'a U n R 'fT 
83e 14x426 
I 16 UnRVT wf 
561 
3’ 3 USNat Rsrc 
5 
5o7 
Mn US Radium 
169 139 
7 
USRbR la 8 
26 
18 
Un.fek 
3o 15 
22 
7' a U nityB uy 
S A 
45 
2 
Univ Cig 
o5 4 
24 
7. u n iv Confnr 
31 
A '. UnivRs 
o8a 15 1o65 
6 '. U oivR un 
44 5 
83 
SH UnvSav 
48 5 
AO 

 l y - w 
- x 

(M s I H igh la w lo s t Chg. 

V e l) 16 
Vet - 
U 
I I 16 I I* I 16— 1 ii 
3 U t 

31 

9U 
AH vanesSt t v 
I 
W H 
I U V alm ac 
7o 
2 
SU 
3’ a Valspar 
X 
IO 
2U lU V L D v C 
o2e 
IO1. 
5 ’ a Van Dom 
44 
4 
13v. 
AU Veecotns 32a 
J 
5 
IU Vim it md 
A 
2 5 '. 
24'n V erm n tA 32 
9 
7H 
2 '. V ernitron 
7 
2'b 
’ n V e rtip il Inc 
19 
SH i n Vesely Co 
16 
27, 
TH Viatech Inc 
?’ . 
H V iking Gent 
47n 
2 
V intage Em 
AU 
J U ViShay Intr* 
S 
3 H 
2’, V is u a lG r 
I 
3H 
2 vo l Mer 
5 
13 
77. Voplex 
72a 
59 
5’ a 
I U Vulcan Corp 
2 
H U 
AH V ulclnc 
SO 
4 
U U l l 
V ulclncp t 
I 
A 
2H WTC Inc IO 
24H 
IS1 1 W U IInc 
8o 
H U 
3 'b Wabash 
25e 
9». 
SU W acknhf 
4o 
4U i n W adeiEg 
1o 
8'a 
2'-. W ainoco Oil 
X M U 
247 a 

19 
1o6 
SB 
139 
73 
59 
A 
IO 
9 
31 
7 
115 
9 
58 
A 
4 
15 
V 
14 
5 
12 r 
72 
S ll 
.9 
35 
2 
It t 
137 
1o 
X 3 
8 1o1o 
7 
222 
I 
IV 
33 

M U WalcoN 
5ob 
7 
2"a W atlacS X e 
7 
IOU Wang Lb 
12 l l 
97. W a n q lB 
22 
9 
U W a rd F d s w t 
2 
W ards Co 
4 
3 
W are pfC OS 
J IH W asPstB 36 l l 
M U W R IT 
I 76 IS 
2 
Wat sco 
X ll 
Wa W eim an Co 
8 
5' 3 WeldT 13 Am 
5 
3'4 Wetlco 
25 ll 
7 '. WestChP 4o 
A 
47’ . WTex p it to 
9'a W esfafs Pf! 
X 
8’ /AIS lAW stDcal 
IO 12 
AU W sfFinl 
15a 
A 
A 
W hippny 
AO l l 
4' 1 W hitaker 
4o 
6 
IU W hitehal Cp 
6 
’ h W h ifta k r wt 
I'n W ichita Ind 
IO 
6' a WmhOus 
36 
8 
I U Wilson Br 3o 
5 
7 '. W inklm n 
4o 
5 
V 1 Winston M il 
8 
48 
W'SP pf 4 5o 
Wk W olf HowB 32 
3 
Wood 
Ind 
'n W o o ltt 
O6o 
12 
5’ a W orcest Cfi 
23 
AU W orkW r 
AO 
A 
3’ 8 W rather o5e 13 
'n W right Har 
9 
3 U W yleLab 
28 
7 
W ynnln 
15e 
9' a W ym Bn 
SA 
12 
Xonics Inc 

X 
ISH 
I ' a 
SU 
7 U 
IS'. 
25 

A' l l 7 
53’ 
II H 

9H 
7 
3U 
IU 
378 
97. 
47. l l 
4'4 
54' 3 
3' a 
5H 
I ' . 
I I H 
I2U 
A’ 3 
IU 
AU n u 
13 
X U 

26 
91 
169 
3o 
48 
37 
AO 
215 
IO 
49 
7 
5 x l3 
7o 
;36o 
151 
12 
439 
17 
14 
44 
9 
733 
56 
97 
IO 
14 
{9o 
13 
19 

92 
8o 
7o 
86 
5x134 
A 
15o 
9 
68 
12x436 

Y - Z 

7H ZeroCo 
4' 3 Zim m er 
28 
A 
OAe IO 

3U 
JU 
3Ja 
3U 
8' ? / Va 
W U 
U H 
9 
8' i 
' I 
U 
AH 
AU 
37, 
3’ a 
15 . 
15 
3V 3 
3o7. 
IOU 
97* 
JU 
3 
2U 
P a 
16' . 
W U 
9’ e 
9VB 
137. 
W U 

AU 
A '. 
IV 3 
1o’ 7 
5 
AU 
2' I 
Ta 
A7* 
9'n 
W 7 
I P * 
J U 
2'a 
25 U 
25 
AU 
AU 
IU 
IU 
4 
A 
278 
2U 
7 
I 
IS 16 
2J4 
2H 
3 
VU 
3 
2H 
2 'b 
2'a 
13 
W U 
. 37, 
3 
9' 3 
BU 
14 
W U 
3U 
3 ', 
74’ a 
2o’ i n u 
I V , 
TU 
I 
2U 
7'* 
SU 
AV* 
23' 3 
23U 
AU 
AU 
U U 
W U 
U U n u 
9 16 
7* 
AU 
3 7b 
A ", 
A1 3 
24 U 
74 
25 
2AU 
3U 
JU 
2 's 
2’ a 
6V. 
AU 
A’ s 
A' I 
9’ 8 
8’ i 
S3' I 
53 
IO 
9U 
8' i 
T7, 
8’a 
77k i n 
TU 
6 
5'a i n 
JU 
A 9 16 I 16 
37. 
27. 
SU 
7/'a 
AU 
A 
BU 
SU 
Pa 
Pa 
53 
52", 
2U 
2'a 
378 
3 ', 
OIS 1615 16 
77. 
7 v. 
12 
H U 
S’ 8 t n 
’ n 
7 . 
AU 
5U 
IO3. 
IOU 
13 
W U 
17’a 
16U 

IO 
8' 3 
77« 
TU 

3 U — 
8' ?y 
13 
— 
o 7 . Y 
' a y 
47.*. j v , - 
1SU— 
31' 1+ 
IO 
- 
3H-,- 
1 ’ »— 
IAU x 
9 7 '4 Y 
137,— 

A'e 
IO' 4— 
5 f 
2' 4— 
9U — 
12'4 
2 7,y 
25 
— 
4 H -- 
IH T 
4 
Y i n — 
I 
T i 
27. 
3 
Y 
3 
2’ 4— 
12’ . x 
3 
- 
9 U — 
1378 
JU 
23' . x 
I1 U x 
7U x 
2’ a x 
8U Y 
23' a * 
4’ a v la 
_ n u 
'a 
37a— 
4 '. 
24' a y 
247 a * 
37. x 
2U y 
6 U — 
4'a Y 
9 
Y 
5 3 'IT 
9'a 
7’ a— 
I U * 
7 7 .- 
6 
- 
2 'a— 
1 a 
3 '* * 
8 V ax—. 
41 a 
o'a x 
Wax 
53 
- 
2’ a 
37a * 
S U Y I 
V 3 w h y 
5 
Y 
'4 
1 
5j 4— 
IO’ a— 
12"*— 
16Va— 

7y 
I 16 

9 7a Y 
TV, Y 

W E E K L Y A M E R IC A N STOCK SALES 
Total tor week 
Week aqo 
Year ago 
Jan I to date 
I97A to date . 

17.o7o.ooo 
15.32o.ooo 
14,781,OX 
32.39o.ooo 
-21262,265 

Feb45 
Feb 5o 

Option 
A bb! L 
Abbi L 
A bb! L FebAO 
Ah bt L May45 
Abbt I May5o 
A bbt L M aytO 
Abbt L Aug45 
Abb! L Auq5o 
Abd C Jan 35 
Abd C Jan4o 
Abd C Jan4S 
Abd C A p r35 
Abd C A p r4o 
Abd C Apr 45 
. 
Abd C Jul35 
Abd C Jut 4o 
Abd C Ju t45 
AllisC J a n X a i I isC Jan25 
A n is e J a n 3o 
AllisC Apr X 
AllisC A p r25 
AllisC A p r * 
AllisC Jol25 
AllisC J u l» 
A Hess F e bX 
A Hess Feb25 
A Hess F e bX 
A Mess Feb35 
A Mess Feb24'a 
A Hess M a y X 
A Hess Stasis 
A Hess M a y X 
A Hess M a y 35 
A Hess A ug X 
A Hess Aug 25 
A Hess A ug X 
A Hess Aug 35 
Ashl o J a r x 
Ash I O Jan 35 
Ashl o A pr 25 
Ashl O Apr X 
Ashl O Apr J5 
Ashl O J u lJO 
Ashl O J u l35 
Bois C Feb25 
. 
Bois C Feb3o 
Bois C Feb3S 
Bois C stasis 
Bois C May35 
Bois C Aug35 
Br a nil Jan IO 
B ra m f ja m s 
Br a ni* A pr IO 
Brand Apr IS 
B ra nt* Jul IO 
B ra n if Jut 15 
C*y In Jan IO 
C ly In A pr IO 
C ly In A pr 15 
Cly In Judo 
Cly In 
Jul IS 
Clorox 
Jan IO 
C lorox 
Jan 15 
C lorox A p r IO 
C lorox A pr 15 
Clorox JullO 
Clorox Jot IS 
Comsat J an 25 
C om sat Jan 3o 
C om sat Jan35 
Comsat Apr 25 
Com sat A pr 3o 
Comsat Apr 35 
Comsat Jul 2$ 
Comsat Jul 3o 
Com sat Jul35 
Coni O Jan lS 
Cont O Jan4o 
Cont D Apr 35 
Conf D Apr 4o 
Cont O J u l35 
Com O Juno 
Dressr Jan 35 
D ressr Jan4o 
D ressr 
Jan45 
D ressr A p r 4o 
Dressr Apr 45 
Dressr Jul 35 
Dressr Ju'tO 
Dressr Jut45 
Ook Pw Apr X 
Duk Pw Apr25 
Duk Pw J u lX 
Duk Pw Jul25 
Eas Gs Jan25 
Eas Gs A p r25 
Eas Os A pr JO 
Eas Gs Jul25 
Eas GS JullO 
Engl M Jan25 
Engl M Ja nX 
Engl M Jan35 
Engl M A p rX 
Engl M Apr35 
Engl SA Ju l35 
Firstn F e bX 
F irstn Feb25 
F irsln M a y X 
F irstn M a y25 
Firstn A ug X 
F irs tn A ug 25 
G A F Jan IO 
S 
A F Apr IO 
A F A p r 15 
G A F Ju llO 
G A F Jut IS 
G eoPat Jan35 
GeoPac A p rX 
GeoPac Apr 35 
GeoPac A p rX 
G eoPac Jul 35 
G eoPac Jul4o 
How Jn Jan IO 
How Jn A pr IO 
How Jn A pr IS 
How Jn JullO 
Mow Jn 
Jut IS 
Joy Feb45 
Joy May4o 
Joy M ay 45 
Joy M a yM 
La In d Feft25 
La in d F e b X 
La In d M ay25 
L a Lnd M ay3o 
La in d Aug25 
La Lnd A u g X 
M ario* FetolO 
M a rio t Feb 15 
M a rio t Feb2o 
M ariot May IO 
M ariot M a xis 
M ario* Aug IO 
M a rio t A uqlS 
Mc Der Feo45 
Mr Der FebX 
Mc Der M a,45 
M f Der May SO 
Mc Der M*y6o 
Mc Der AugaS 
Mc Der Aug SO 
P P G Feb SO 
P P G FebSS 
P P G MaySS 
P P G May AO 
P P G Aug 55 
Pf istn F eh la '4 
P tls tn F e b 3 9 u 
PM stn F e o 4 4 '* 
P lts tn M ay 15 
P tlstn SAaytO 
P ttstn M ay 34 u 
Pttstn M a y 38 U 
P tts tn M « y 4 4 H 
P ttsln 
Aug 15 
P ttstn A ug X 
P ttsln A u g l4 U 
P tts tn A u g l9 U 
Scot P JonlS 
V o l P J a n X 
V o l P Apr 15 
H o i P A p rX 
&COI P Jut IS 
V o l P J u t* 
Sun Co Fen4o 
Sun Co Fee.5 
Son Co SAaytO 
Sun Co May45 
Sun Co MarSO 
Son Co Aug ae 
Sun Co Aug 45 
Sun Co Aug5C 
Twdyn Jan 45 
Teldyn Jan5o 
Tetdyn JantO 
T e ld yn J*n7o 
T e ld yn Jan IO 
Teldyn Apf AO 
Teldyn Apr 7o 
Teldyn A pr8o 
Teldyn JullO 
Teldyn Jul TO 
Tm sem Feb IO 
Trnsam Feb IS 
Tm sam M ay IO 
Trnsam M ay IS 
Trnsam Aug IO 
Trnsam 
Aug IS 
Va E P Jan 15 v a E P A pr 15 v a E P Jot IS 
Wst Un Jan 15 
WW Un Jan 2o 
Wst Un Apr IS 
Wst Un A pr 2o 
Wst Un J o lts 
WSI U t 
Jo'2o 
W lw rth F a b * 
W lw rth Fab25 
W lw rth 
Fab IO 
' W lw rth M a y X 

Sales Open 
Net N Y. 
(1oos) 
Int H ighLow Last Chg Close 
38 
89 3V.J1 1627 16— 11 1646 l l * 
572 I 
U U I i 5 16 
46 
3 
2o9 
H i 161 16 
J I* 
46 
26 
25 5 47. 
4V,— 2' 1 
4A 
89 
223 
2 
Va 
IU u 
6 
82 
’ :3 163 16 
5 16 
I . 
A 
A 
A 
2o 
SI 
3' 3 i n 
2’ a— 2 
24 
I i l l 
SU IO3. Y 
P , 
447 tot 
AU 
2U 
6 f 
2 
786 
191 
IU 
U 
I U * 
’n 
71 
8) I Va 
8'-a H U Y 
2'/. 
448 
743 
7 
37, 
7 
Y 2 
216 
162 
37. 
7'k 
374 
26 
141 l l 
9 l l 
Y 
I 
IU 
348 i n 
5 
7U + 
J 
63 
59 
AU 
27. 
AU 
3 
19 
SU 
57. 
S U 
' i 
479 1o4315 163 16 t ._ 
' a 
3 14o71 I i i IAI 16 
5 
AO 5U 5 'i 5' J— 
3o6 
2o31 2' y13 16 IU - 
619 178o11 16 
U 
1,- 
95 1132 
7’ B 2 
? 'I— 
33 1411 16 
Va 
I 
98 14' 
425 1536 
9'3 
824 17o2 
5 
75o 
743 iv . l l 
31 
9 H i i 
ITB 14 
135 
838 
97, 
65o 1496 
AU 
869 
465 
31* 
A 
45 
783 
5oo 
71 
31 
16 
IS its 
1o 
342 

14'a U U Y 2H 
6 H 
9UY 7U 
IU 
5 
*25 16 
'k 
I U * IU 
9'8 
9 ' * t IU 
11 n i t 
Y i u 
A's 
9 '6 t 2’ I 
3 "i 
A U * JU 
IU 
JU Y 21 16 
X 147. U U U U 
X 7 IOU 
V t 1oHT 
74o 
261 
19o 
1o1 
62 
252 
67o 
248 
556 

4'k 
Pa 
3U 

8Vk 
4'a 
V , 
47'a 

AU 
JVA 
4' a f 
3 4 
U —3 16 
9'/*— 
U 
4 'I— 
' I 
Wa— 
' . 
S T ' 
, 
2 23 I* — I I* 
A' 8 
AU— I a 
1H19 14— 11 16 
U 
5 16 
AU 
AU 
IU 
U 
'Ie - 
U 
I U 
I U - 
Uu 

6 
767 
6' 
16 3o31 
IU 
35 1o265 16 
5 
5oo 
6U 
X 1193 
I 
6 
S62 
IU 
BIA 3o48 
IU 
25 53931 IAI IAI I* 
845 5358111 IA U 1*1'4 - U 
467 4234 
Va U U 
U 
655 352o21 1*13 I 6 1 U - U 
415 1783 
US 165 IG— 3 16 
2oo 
75 
I H i ’ n i ’n— 
9 
X I 
3U 2 H i n — 
Va 
268 17297 16 
US 16 
I 16 
X 
444 3U 
J U 3UY 
U 
2 X 196713 16 
N I I 16-1 i t 
243 
766 
2',115 162UY5 I* 
21 53141 IA I IA I 14 
Si 
595 
2 H 2 7 I A 2 U * 
'a 
393 5o24 
'a U3 16— 
U 
71 
319 3 
2U 3 
T 
Va 
259 25329 16 
U 
U 
1o4 
346 
AU SU $'/*— I 
457 1266 l'* 5 165 14— 19 16 
AO 
3311 IAI 161 1 6 -1 16 
2 
W I AU 
AU AU— 
7. 
746 1238 
3U I1S 1*115 1 6 - 
89 
552 I 
H 
H 
25 
54 AU 
AU AU 
118 
384 J U 
2U J U 
69 
31o l u l l IA U 1 6 - 
122 
494 1U8 16 
VA­ 
IA 19o7 
',1 IA I I* 
72o t i t 
3 
I'.211 I*- I 14 
115 1171 
U9 16 
U 
I 16 
37 
IS* 
3 H29 16 3 "l Y 
"a 
2’ 9 
725 I U 
7 .U IG— 3 16 
I 
2 SU 
SU S U - 3U 
21 
177 U7 I* 
U — I . 
IO 
2711 IAI 161 I* 
SI 
17271] 162U 2U 

46 
46 
46’ a 
4 6 . 
46'a 
46' a 
46'a 
46'/. 
4* Va 
46 'a 
46' a 
7 5 'i 
2 5 ', 
25’ . 
75U 
25U 
25U 
25U 
ISH 
34’ , 
34U 
34U 
34U 
3 4'* 
34H 
34’ , 
34U 
34U 
34U 
34'* 
34U 
34'* 
34'-* 
34' 8 
34' a 
34'* 
34' a 
34’ a 
34' a 
31'/. 
3 1 ', 
S IU 
31U 
J IH 
3V a 
IOU 
IO ', 
IO U 
1oV* 
IO U 
IO U w u 
177, 
12'a 
W a 
W U 
W U 
W U 
12V, 
W U 
W U 
12V. 
» v , 
29 U 
79 U 
7, 
29 U 
17 1629U 
5 16 
2 9 ', iv , 
X U 
IU 
X U l l 1679 V, u 
357, 
35H 
35", 
357, 
JS7, 
JJU 
4o' I 

33 
2 
I 
21 
13 
22 
5 
79 
I 

3o4 
*7 , 
3U 
IU 
U . 

I 16 
IU 
17, 
U 
U 

U U 16- 
*7% A'/#— 
JU l u ­ l l , l u ­ l u 
1*4— 
943 IAI 1*1 14- I 16 
23 
IU 
IU 
V i - Va 
US 14 
U i v - J I, 
IU 
I , 

7185 16 
I 
' 
95 
2'- 
IO 
337 
' 
4o 
86715 162 
37 
3o* 
IU 
I 
5 
5 9 U 
BU 
44 
AA 47, 
4'a 
S3 
256 
U 
' , 
38 tO 4U 
4' I 
76 
IX 
2 l l 16 
9 ll IH iv , 
2 
52 J 
J 
58 
867 
12 
HO I U 
3 
47 
ISI 
U 
' 

I U - 17, 

X 
1o3 
6 
IS 

2 4 - 2 
IU Y I 16 
9 U t P , 
4 7 , y I 
U t 
' t 
4' I 
7 t 
7, 
7H ‘ 13 14 
J 
- 
U 
' , 
I I* 
JJG - 
U 
;9 14 
27 
3>. iv , 3 4 
X S D IA U 1415 1 4 - U 
19 
2U P . 14 
1 4 
SI 
I U 2», I U - 
IU 
I 14 
HO 17*9 
U 
US 14 
19 
215 
JU 
IU 2 9 IG 
324 137711 16 7 
14 '> 
131 
27o 
I 
U U - 
W 
34 AU 47, 
4 'e 
IIT 
747 2'a IU 
7U 
1o1 
5o7 4 
U 
U 
53 
42 3 U 
2U215 1 4 - 
73 
782 
V a il 1813 IB - 
78] 128371 16 I a 
IU 
I** 
X X 2H IU 
IU u 
188 33815 163 183 18 
I 18 
2*5 
HIT 3 
2 
7'k - 
U 
1o9 I7J7 
UT 
18 1»- 
U 
16 
71o75 14 I 
13 IG- IS I* 
IO 
2 AU 4'a 
* '. 
IU 
IS 
36 J' 
7 
45 
IU 
JU 1o17 
AU 
ISHO 4o17 
IU 
98 
48o 
TU 
1316 3318 
3 
75 
X 8 tv. 
4oo 
118 
I 
SS 

JU 
I 
JU 

AU 

BOU iou 
BOU 
2 P , 
217, 
J IH 
2 1 ", 
25 
25 
25 
75 
25 
JBJ. 
3 4 '. 
347. 
34J. 
347. 
147. 
73’ , 
7 3 ', 
JJU 
7 JU 
7 3 ', 
23’ , l l " , l l " , 
I P , 
IS 18 I P . 
3 18 
II H 
U 
347. 
2' i 
3 4'. 
347. 
I 18 
34V. i l l 18347. 
9 16 
14'a 
Va 
U U n u n u n u n u 
45U 
ASH 
4 5 ', 
4 5 ', 
K L 
JOU iou 

9 
1 
- i i * 
6 
T Pa 
Pa Y 1) I* 
B U T I U l U l l J 14* 13 1*3o7. 
AU 
7 
Y IU 
3o7. 
IU 
J U T I 
I U 
JU- 
H 
J 14 

3*. 
7", 
16o 23475 I* 
21 
1991 IAI 1*1 14 
9 
83 4 
J' a 
J' r— 
\. 
119 2o9913 18 9 18 
U l t * 
24 
25 4 ', J U 
J7, - 
'4 
2o5 
17513 I* 
U U 18- 
U 
IX 
114 P , IU 
P a y 
WA IOU 
U 
UT. IG- I 14 
[253 
542 AU J 
J U T 
U 
155 IOX 
53 
IM 
IU 
IV,u 
AU 
IU 
IU u 
JU 

M fe l u 
AU­ 
TH T 
S H ­ 
IU 
J U - 

4U- 

95 
1o4 SU 
183 
328 TH 
2 n in 
X 
IO 7U 
19 
54 3U 
87 
57 IU 
* 
I? 4'/, AU 
13*1o15 
IU 
1 1 1 1 4 5 14 
4* 1*71 
'. J 1*3 14 
76 
8341 111 IBI 14 
111 
7521 1 IBI U 2 U ti 
1*15 U 
U 
U 
IT) 1o47 
JU 
2 
JU * J 16 
X 1495 
I 
U 
U 
J 4 
9 
31791* 
’ ,9 1 * 
*3 
53 
IU 
2' .211 I* 
31 
9 I " , V , 
IU 
I* 
4o1 4 
JU 
J U , 

KH 
W U 
17 7 a 
W U 
W a ljv . 
177, 
127. 
AAU 
447, 
AAU 
AA7, 
4 4 ', 
44 71 
44'* 
SAH 
SAU 
SAU 
547, 
547, 
U Up 
JJU 
JJU 

 t e 
JJU 
I? 
M 
, h l n j * n l > > * ' U 3 l u 
1 
* iu iu j u 
2u ii' < 
•41 IAI I * 
- 
* 
AU 
AU 
A1; 
78o 172* 
I 
IT 
189 1X5 l l * l l 
74 
27 
IX l l ) 
IX 
171 
27 
87 
1) 
IJS 

BV 
21o 
232 
MT 
198 
ITS 

I M 
J 
IU 
TU 
) ', 
TU 
JU 
■ IU 

H - 
47. 
47, 
I 
I 
F F in ju 
V a lll l l 

5 l l 
IU 
U 
I ' , 
5 16 
¥ l i u i l u t : 
Ai Va 
4 5 '. 
4$7. 

HO 
TH 
T 
T 
- 
I , l j u 
246 
A7, 
4'a 
4 'r 
U 45‘ . 
’J . ') ’. I . ' * ! ' * l* » l* 16- 7.45*. 
I P U i o u - IU 
I J 'l IJ H — I U 
47Va 
JU 
BJV. 

* , 

U J I * * . W H t * U 
I ' , 
* 77. 
5o4 I* 
I I H W H 
- 
9 *2 1X7 
AU 
JU Yi_ 

St 59521 IBI IBI 14 
183 1341 
9U 
7262 5537 
JU 
135o ttH 
IU 
17] 1oo4 IO*/, 
562 25*9 
5 ", 
133 
I U 
AV. 
TOI IOSSX 16 
35 
579 
AU 
X I 7643 
H 
X 
IQT 
AU 

JU 
H 
I U 
4 
JU 
H 
AUu 
AU 

I 
I U - 
H 
IU ■ 
AH— 

U - J IG 
AU 
. 
H 
2 

 j^jM r x t t i p t 

V S M i l 
I H I 5 |‘„ n V 
J )J 
143 
775 
BU 
AU 
I 
’ * 
921 *94417 )4 
H I J I* 
TS 
W I 
U t 14 
U 
184 
445 BU 
I U * 
I I* 

BIV 

42 U f lu 
*2 Va 
U H 
IA1', 
U U 
U U 
U U 
U U 
5 
IS 
IS 
IIH 
187. 
II H 
187. 
19*. 
19H gt: 
257,. 
25 v,* 

P a g e 
1 3 - C 
S o n A n t o n i o E X P R 
E S S - N 
E W 
S — 
S a t u r d 

N F W Y O R K (A P ) — W eekly Investor 
C o m p a n ie s g iv in g the h . g h i o w a n * 2 ? p ric e * tor the week w ith the net c h a n g e 
»r,<?m 
P rev|o u s w e e k 's last p ric e 
Ail q u o ta tio n s s u p p lie r ny the N a tio n a l 
A sso c ia tio n ot 
S e c u ritie s 
D e a le rs, inc reflect net a sse t v a lu e s, at w hich se c u ritie s c o u ld h a v e been so ld 
H ig h t o w L a st C ha 
5 52 
5 31 
5 
4 7 - (ff 
U S O 
14 36 
1o 87 
1o 69 
I 77 
7 65 
13 o1 
17 99 
9 44 
9 31 
A P A m e r 
P o n d u n a v a il 

A G E P u n d 
A co rn F u n d 
A d v a n ln v n 
A e tn a P u n d 
A rt n a In c o m S h r 
A tu tu re F d n 

A llsta te S t k F d 
A lp h a F u n d 
A 'n J 3 lrth rq h t T r 
A m E q u it y F d 
A m e ric a n F u n d s 
A rr B a la n c e 
A m c a p F u n d 
A m M u tu a t F d 
B c n d F d A m 
C a p F d A m 
G r o w t h F d A m 
In c o m e F d A m 
In VCO A 
N e w P e r s p F d 
W a $ h M u !) in v 
A rte r G e n e ra l 
A G e n C a p B d 
A G e n C a p Gth 
A G e n 
In c o m e 
AG ett v e n t u r e 
F a u lt y O rth 
F u n d o ! A m 
P ro v id e n t F d 
A m G ro w th F d 
A m 
In s A lad 
A m In v e sto r n 
A m N a t G ro w th 
A n c h o r G ro u p 
D a ily In c o m e 
O ro w th F u n d 
In c o m e 
S p " ( lr urn f u n d m In v e st 
W a s h in g Nat 
A n d a * F u n d 
A » n H o u g h to n f und B 
In c m F n d 
Stock F u n d 
B L C G r o w t h F d 
B a b so n In c o m n 
B a b s o n In v m t n 
H “a c o n H illA M n 
B e a c o n ln v n 
B o rg e r Ct ro u p 
UXI F und 
IO! I und 
Bi r k s h lr o C a p 
Bondstoc k Cp 
B o s iF o u n d F d 
B r w n F d H a w a ii 
C a lv in 
B u llo c k 
B u llo c k F u n d 
C a n a d ia n F n d 
D iv id e n d Stirs 
M o n th ly In c m 
N a tio n W ides 
N Y 
V e n tu re 
C G 
I und 
C G in c o m e F d 
( a p d P r e s r v 
F d 
C e n tu ry S h r T r 
C h a lle n g e r In v 
C h arle t F d Inc 
C h a se O r Bos f iu d 
F n u ttie r 
C a p 
Sh aret!old 
Sp e cial 
C h e a p sid e D o llr 
C h e m ic a l F u n d 
C N A M g e m l F d s 
I ib e rty F u n d 
M a n h a tta n F d 
S c h u s le r f ti 
C aionial 
C o n v o rtib le 
I und 
G rw ih Sh r 
Inc nine 
( o lu m b G rth n 
C outwit) Tr A H B 
C om w ith Tr C 
C o m p o site B H S 
( o m y o site f d 
C o n c o rd F d o 
( o n so lid a l In v 
C o n x fn lin G th n r o n lM u lln v n 
C o u tttfy C a p In 
D a v d q e F und n d o V e g h lM u t n 
D e law .tre G ro u p 
D<“c a t u r Inc 
Del a w a re 
F d 
C o lc h e s te r B d 
D e lla 
T re n d 
D ir e c t o r s C a p 
I'( r ig C o * 
B a l 
D o d g e r Stk n 
O re * el 
B u rn h m 
D re y fu s G rp 
D r i'y tu s 
F q u lt y 
I o v e ra g e 
I iq u id A s se ts 
S p e cia l In co m 
T a « F r e m p i 
T h ird C e n tu ry 
J a g le O rth Shr 
I aion 4 How ard 
B a la n c e f und f o u rs q u a r f d 
G ro w th F u n d 
In c o m e F u n d 
Slie r tai F und 
Slot k f und 
F (tic Spic. th n t g ro t t und 
F H u n T r u s N i a irfie ld t und 
I a rm B u r M U I t federated f n o d s 
Aru L e a d e r s t m p ire f d 
F o u rth E m p t r 
I n 
I r e f 
F id e h ty G ro u p 
B u n d D e b 
C a p l la) 
C ontrafund 
D a ily In c o m e 
I 
D e s t in y 
E q u it y In c o m 
M a g e lla n 
M u n i B o n d 
F idol tty 
P ut ita n 
Sa le m 
T h rift 
T rust 

9 33 ll 25 
9 75 
5 19 

8 24 
5 6o 
9 94 
15 24 
6 6o 
4 62 
16 54 
14 38 
16 3o 
7 2o 

• 9 o7 
4 26 
6 63 ll 29 
6 86 
6 77 
3 96 
5 53 
4 94 
5 43 
2 82 

I OO 
6 85 
7 48 
4 81 
7 o4 
IO 38 
8 o5 

7 94 
5 o2 
6 27 
IO 79 
I 81 
9 79 
8 72 
9 62 

7 45 
9 Y I 
8 32 
4 98 
9 6o 
3 SO 

13 38 
7 82 
3 IV 
14 92 
1o 25 
11 4o 
1o 31 
8 73 
1 OO 
11 29 
1o 36 
14 51 

6 5o 
3 74 
7 56 

11 75 
7 87 

4 57 
2 71 
7 37 

9 2? 
9 8o 
4 99 
8 BS 
15 71 
I o2 
I 51 
9 IO 
7 97 
17 79 
1o 62 
6 17 
6 71 
12 o? 
7 62 
32 o6 

12 36 
11 SS 
9 38 
4 9o 
4 16 
72 5o 
16 64 
9 98 

17 76 
5 54 
IS 79 
1o o2 
7 28 
15 5o 
17 75 
9 74 

8 61 
8 5? 
8 87 
6 o7 
5 96 
9 43 
16 94 
1o 95 
I t 67 
IO 19 
8 62 

9 14 
19 73 
18 IS 
12 97 

8 96 ll o8 
9 66 
5 IO 

8 IS 
5 54 
9.79 
15 22 
6 49 
4 53 
16 36 
14 o9 
16 o5 
7 IO 

9 o4 
4 19 
6 56 ll OO 
6 75 
6 63 
3 93 
5 44 
4 84 
5 25 
2 77 

I OO 
6 77 
7 41 
4 66 
6 93 
1o 23 
7 89 

7 85 
5 OO 
6 14 
IO 6o 
I 8o 
9 62 
8 6o 
9 5o 

7 41 
9 14 
8 2o 
4 94 
9 52 
3 43 

13 14 
7 76 
3 U 
14 89 
1o 12 
11 IS 
1o 16 
8 69 
I OO 
11 15 
1o 22 
14 13 

6 4o 
3 66 
7 48 
5 49 ti 58 
I 75 

4 5o 
7 65 
7 27 

9 17 
9 74 
4 96 
8 83 
15 44 
I oo 
I 49 
8 99 
7 86 
12 IO 
1o 5o 
6 o2 
6 62 
It 84 
7 52 
31 51 

12 23 
11 37 
9 36 
4 83 
4 o9 
22 53 
16 39 
9 83 

11 96 
5.46 
15 OO 
111 o2 
7 26 
15 46 
12 39 
9 56 

8 51 
8 19 
8 74 
6 o5 
5 81 
9 26 
16 65 
1o 77 
14 44 
IO OI 

9 o2 
IV o2 
17 91 
12 as 

T re n d f inane tai p ro g 
D y n a m f d n 
Iu d u s tF d n 
Inc o m e P d n 
F st in v e s t o rs 
Disc e v e ry f u n d G ro w th 
8 |( O fwr 
Slo t k, F und f st M ptt A n i n 
I x tM O H O ly t ort yp o u r W U r» 
I (Hind G ro w th t m in d e rs G ro u p 
G ro w ft’ 
Incom e' 
M u tu a l 
S p e cial t c a n k h n G ro u p 
D N H 
C> row th 
U tilitie s 
In c o m e SIK 
U S G itvl Sec 
R e x rc h C a p it 
K c s r c h I q u ly 
I ra n M ill I E q t y 
I dt rn -M u tD n t un.lp m k 
I cinct mc G rp 
( o n n n e r c e F d 
Im p a c t 
J und bedust 
T re n d 
Pilot f und 
G e n t iS G S P r F d la f iS e c u r it n 
G ro w th m d n 
H a m ilto n f u n d H O A 
G ro w th f und 
Im o m e 
M a rtw e tlG rth n 
I'a r tw ill e ve r n 
H e rita g e F u n d 
H o ld in g 
T ry st 
M o ra c i-M a n n F d 
(SI G ro u p 
G ro w th 
Inc once 
I ru st S h a re s 
T rust U n its tm In a tai C a p F d 
Im p e ria ) G r in iciusti y f und 

8 89 
8 77 
12 39 
I OO 
9 4o 
15 78 
72 TI 
1o 4o 
16 46 
16 2o l l o6 
IO 96 
4 87 
4 75 
11 47 

8 86 
6 63 
12 18 
I OO 
9 71 
15 57 

S 
S 

IN T I g b n 

71 8o 

4 ll 
4 39 
7 91 

5 97 
6 9o 
« rn 
8 6o 
8 39 
1o oo 
16 25 
4 o4 

4 6o 
17 82 
9 27 
8 TO 

6 9 o 
5 69 
4 RI 
I 8o 
9 85 
7 37 
3 15 
8 97 
8 55 
8 SO 

» 16 
8 21 
1o 97 
8 49 
77 76 
9 49 
18 S I 

4 41 
6 9o 
7 86 
11 4o 
7 48 
I 37 
I OO 
15 87 

4 Al 
3 53 
1o 5o 
7 84 
I 47 
7 56 
I ll 

 v ia t o r s 
In V C'StG uiI n b ivc<sI In d ic a to r 
In ve st T r 
B o s 
In v C OO rise I 
C a p a m e rica 
C a p o Stirs Im 
In v e s to rs G ro u p 
ID S B an d 
• O S G ro w th 
I D s N e w D im 
M u tu a l 
Inc 
P ro g re ss ! va 
Stock 
Selec liv e 
V a ria b le P a y b iv**sI R e s e a rc h 
Is te iF u n d In t iv y F und n 
I P G r o w t h F d 
■anusF u n d n 
John Hah toe k 
B a la n t e 
Bond 
G ro w th to h n xfn M u f n 
» av s ig n * t a n d s 
A p o llo F und in v est | M 81 
M e o G B d 
6 2 
D ip B d Ba 
Inc o m F d K I 
G ro w m f d k 2 
H iQ r C p m S t to corr, Stk S2 
Growth S 3 
I a p r C o m S4 
P o la r is la n d m a r k G th 
I e x n g t a n G rp 
C o rp le a d e r s le x in g f n G fth 
I n * m r 
In c o m 
I c * m g in B s h 
I ite ln s 
In v lin c o ln N atl 
Sifter! A m n 
Select Spat n lo o n ie s sa y las 
C a p ita l n 
M u tu a l n l o r d A b b e tl 
A tfil.p ie d F d 
B o n d D a b 
In c o m e lu t h e r a n B ro 
I uno tm cyme 
M y n a LMI 
U S G o v t Sec 
M a s s a c h u s e ii 
<u 
1 1ecaom F d k 'd e p e n d r d 
M a s s F d 
M a s s F m ane) 
M IT 
M IG 
M I D 
M F D 
M C O 
M C B 
M a t h e r s F n d n 
M i 
C a p 
M i 
Rely A s 
M id A m er 
M o n e y M k M g ! n 
M O N Y f und 
M S B F u n d 
M u tu a l 
Banat 11 
M IF F u n o 
M IF G ro w th 
M u io a io t O m a h a 
A m a r n a 
G ro w th 
Inc o m e 
M u t u a iS n r s n 
N I A M u t u a l 
N u 'lln d u A i n 
N a ! sac o r Sac 
* 
B a la n t ad 
M M I 
D iv id e n d 
G ro w th 
P ra te r red tnt e rn e 
Sto rk 
N F L d e F und 
F g u l ly 
G ro w th 

G rw t u n a v a il 
7 43 
8 75 
I 58 
1o 63 

8 86 
6 18 

5 95 
5 48 
4 79 
9 32 
3 17 
19 SO 
9 59 
6 67 
5 21 
TO 47 
6 71 
11 28 
17 94 

9 *L 
19 59 
6 13 
71 74 

4 CU 
18 o6 tv 48 
8 47 
7 81 
5 18 
19 o7 
9 72 
7 OS 
I 74 
3 31 
7 16 

14 5? 
8 73 
1o 64 
15 87 
7 14 

7 72 
13 55 

1o 6o 
13 65 

I 38 
11 57 
3 55 

 to 79 
9 26 
1o o6 
9 9 1 

I 27 
1 42 
IO 82 

IO 96 
8 94 
14 73 

 n 
15 94 
13 54 
'3 * L i OO 
5 24 
I OO 

. T O 
9 45 
8 19 
3 95 

11 44 
71 49 

4 6M 
4 33 
7 83 

5 83 
6 79 
9 15 
8 44 
8 78 
1o OO 
15 72 
3 98 

4 63 
12 67 
9 IO 
8 SA 

6 77 
5 69 
4 74 
I 79 
9 87 
I ll 
3 29 a no 
8 4o 
8 3o 

8 96 
8 o9 
1o 78 
8 » 
76 78 
9 31 
18 18 

4 35 
6 77 
7 76 
11 18 
7 32 
I T 
I OO 
15 61 

4 49 
3 5o 
1o 45 
7 81 
8 29 
7 18 
I o6 

7 I i 
8 65 
I 56 
1o 46 

8 77 
598 

5 93 
5 47 
4 71 
9 71 

I ” 
19 19 
9 56 
9 57 
V 16 
2o o4 
* 45 
11 OS 
17 71 

9 U 
19 51 
* GI 
2o 46 

3 93 
18 o7 
19 46 
8 4o 
7 ll 
$ 17 
18 73 
9 59 
7 SI 
3 66 
3 23 
I o6 

14 3? 
I 68 
1o 61 
16 67 
7 26 

I 14 
I ) 77 

IO 38 
13 48 

8 26 
I I 76 
I 52 

IO 64 
9 21 

V I to a 

1o 79 
9 79 
14 61 

1J77 
15 91 
13 38 
II 46 
I OO 
5 lf 
I OO 
9 52 
14 75 
9 IO 
8 76 
11 7 

14 6o 
1o 76— 
1 71 — 
13 OO- 
9 46— 

8 9 6 - 
11 16- 
9 72— 
5 18- 

8 19- 
5 59 
♦ . f r - 
15 24 
6 54- 
4 58— 
16 43 
14 2 4 - 
16 13- 
7 1 5 - 

9 o4 - 
4 23- 
6 58 - ll 29 + 
6 8 1 - 
6 71 
3 96 
5 53 * 
4 94 * 
5 43 * 
2 81 

I OO 
6 76- 
7 48 F 
4 71 
6 9o- 
1o 3o- 
8 o5 + 

7 92— 
5 o2 
6 21- 
1o 68 
I SO 
9 64 
8 63 
9 57 

7 4 o 
9 I S - 
8 25 
4 9 7 - 
9 59— 
3 49 

13 2 8 - 
7 7o - 
3 16- 
14 9o 
1o t i ­ ll 31 
1o IS — 
6 69 
1 OO 
11 26- 
1o 3 1 - 
14 S I + 

6 44 
3 74 + 
7 54 
5 56- 
11 6o 
7 79 

4 54 
2 6 7 - 
7 17 

9 1 8 - 
9 78 
4 98 
8 84 
15 * J - 
1 OI 
I 5o - 
9 o5 
7 86- 
12 15 
1o 5o- 
6 ll 
6 66 
11 9 1 
7 62 + 
31 58 

12 33 ll 49 
9 37 
4 8 9 - 
4 l l 
22 69 
16 5o 
9 9 o 

11 98 
5 54 t 
15 29 + 
1o o2 
I 28 
15 46 
12 75 t 
9 71 

8 5 1 
I 52 + 
8 8 6 
6 o7 
5 96 
9 3 4 - 
16 78 
1o 9 o - 
14 53 
IO 16 
8 SO 

9 o9 
19 17 
18 o7 
12 88 

8 89 - 
8 68 
12 3o 
I oo 
9 4o ♦ 
15 78 * 
22 77 + 
1o 39 
16 31 l l o2 
4 81 
11 45 
21 71 - 

4 77 ♦ 
4 37 
7 89 

5 9 7 4 
6 86 
9 16 
8 SS 
8 39 - 
ID oo 
16 25 ♦ 
4 OI 

4 SS 
12 72 
9 18 
8 TO I 

6 85 
6 8 o 
4 77 
I 8o 
9 82 
7 36 
J P - 
8 83 
o 47 - 
8 5o t 

9 OI * 
1 U 
1o 17 » 
8 49 
76 88 
9 47 + 
11 29 

4 36 
6 86 
I l l ll 16 
7 45 
I 12 + 
I OO 
15 7 1 - 

4 63 
1 52 
1o 48 
2 84 

I f i - 
7 5o 
3 o9 

7 IS 
I T S* 
I 57 
1o 49 

8 86 + 
6 11 + 

5 95— 
5 41 
4 78 
9 27 
3 18- 
19 32 
9 5 6 
6 61 
5 21 r 
2o 18 
6 47 - 
11 17 
17 94 + 

 ll 76 ll 71 
4 29 
4 JI 
9 SA 
9 41 
27 65 ll 48 

L l i s * 

9 19 

' i i 
2o 4 * ~ 

4 o3 * ll o2 
19 4 7 - 
* 4 2 - 
7 79 
5 19 l l 13 
9 « « 
7 i i 
3 74 + 
3 31 ♦ 
I 1o + 

14 41 a Ii to 61 
15 H 
I 34 + 

7 17 - 
I I 16 

1o SP ti 5 3 - 

• » 
11 27 
J 64 

 s s 
9 9 1 - 

 f t 
IO i i 

1o 89 
8 IS 
14 69 
IJ o9 
H O A 
15 13 t i 5 4 * 
11 i i 
I OO 
5 23 
I OO 
9 63 
14 8* 
9 JI 
1 1 1 
I IO 

 l l 7 4 - 

4 £ v S e 

 ot 

 i i i7o 

9 82 
4 St 
4 IO 
I 71 
1 4 
6 SO 
I 14 

17 83 
17 l l 
I N 
• h 

9 74 

 i n 

 t o i ss 
I 45 

¥ 6 3 
UV 

I 
I 
7 4o i * * 
I 31 

I 4o 
I IS 

In co m e 
Side- 
N e u b e rg e r B e rm 
E n e r g y n 
G u a rd ia n M n 
P a rtn e rs n 
N e u w ir f h F d n 
N e w W o rld F d 
N e w to n F u n d 
N e w to n tnvst F d 
N t c h o la s F d ln n 
N o m u r a C a p F d 
N o re a s tln v n 
O m e g a 
F u n d 
O n e W illia m n 
N u v e e n F d 
G p p e n h e lm e r 
F d 
O o p e n h m 
F d 
O p p Inc B o s 
M o n y 
B r 
T a x f r e e Bd 
A IM 
T im e 
O v e rC o u n t Sec 
P a r a m t M u tu a l 
P a u l R e v e re 
P e n n S q u a re n 
P e n n M u t u a l n 
P h i la F u n d 
P h o e n ix C a p F d 
P h o e n i* F d 
P ilg r im G it) 
P ilg r im F o rm 
P ilg r im 
F d 
M a g n a C a p n 
M a g n a In c o m 
P in e Street n 
P io n e e r 
F und 
F und ll 
P la n n e d In v e st 
P lig ro w th f nd 
P lifre n d Fn d 
P ric e F und s 
G r o w t h F d n 
In c o m e n 
N w E b i n 
N w v H o ri/ n n 
T a v F r e t 
P ro F u n d n 
P ro v id e r G r lh 
P r o S IP 
P u tn a m 
F u n d s 
C on ve rt 
E quit 
G e o rg e 
O ro w th 
In c o m e 
In ve st 
V ista 
V o y a g e 
P a m b o w F d n 
R e s e rv e F d n 
R e v e re F u n d 
S a fe c o E q u it F d 
Sa fe co G ro w th 
Sc u d d e r F u n d s 
Intl F u n d 
M M u r o B d 
Spec tai n 
B a la n c e d n 
C o m m o n S t n 
M a n a g e R e s n 
S e c u rity F u n d s 
E q u it y 
Invest 
U ltra 
Sen tinel G ro u p 
A p e * 
F u n d 
B a la n c e d F d 
C o m m o n Stk 
Sen tinel G ro w th 
S e n try F u n d 
S h a re h o ld e rs G p 
C o m sto c k F d 
E n te rp rise F d 
F le tch e r 
F d 
H a rb o r r u nd 
L e g a l 
List 
P a c e F u n d 
S h e a rso n F u n d s 
Apprec ia lio n 
In c o m e 
In vest 
S ie rra G in n 
S h rim n D e a n n 
S ig m a F u n d s 
C a p ila l 
In ve st 
T ru st Sh 
V e n tu re Sh r 
S is k e m p e r 
K e m p In c o m e 
K ce n p M o n M k 
K e m p M u n B d 
S o p G ro w th 
S u p In c o m e 
Su p S u m m it 
T e c h n o lo g y 
S u i th B a r E g ! ti 
Sin th B a r IA G n 
SO G (YI Int 
So u th w stn 
In v 
S o u th w n ln v Gth 
S o v e re ig n In v 
Sp e ctra + d n 
Sla te B o n riG r 
C o m m o n f d 
D iv e rs ifie d F 
P r o g r e s s F d 
S la b a rm G th n 
Sla t r at i ,, B al 
S ta le st In v 
S te a d m a n F u n d s 
A m e r in d n 
A s s o F T ru st n 
In ve st n 
O c e a n o g ra n 
Sta in R o c t d s 
B a la n c e n 
C a p O p n 
S lo ck n 
S u rv e y o r F d 
T e m p G th 
C a n 
T e m p ln v F d n 
T r a n s o m C a p 
T r a n s a m In v e st t r a v e le r s E g F d 

14 49 
28 51 
9 25 
8 5o ll 37 
11 72 
1o 41 
14 32 
9 65 
15 o6 
1o 21 
14 64 
9 56 

6 46 
8 64 
I OO 
1o 38 
9 44 
7 25 
11 8o 
8 75 
6 o7 
8 22 
3 67 
7 16 
8 45 
9 74 

13 2o a 41 
3 54 
9 26 
11 36 

14 26 
28 16 
V 12 
8 37 ll 21 ll 54 
IO 25 
14 87 
9 55 
15 o4 
1o o5 
14 39 
9 56 

6 35 
8 59 
I OO 
1o 34 
9 3o 
7 o6 
11 73 
8 57 
6 oo 
8 o9 
3 63 
6 98 
8 33 
9 56 

12 93 
I 24 
3 48 
9 23 
I I 23 

14 45 
14.27 
14 78 
14 57 ll 38 l l 27 ll 33 ll 21 
7 77 
7 64 

1o 73 
9 89 
11 17 
7 o6 
IO 16 
5 91 
7 92 
1o ll 

11 98 
1o 17 
14 ll 
IO 55 
8 OO 
7 95 
IO 47 
12 12 
I 92 
I OO 
5 42 
8 98 
8 69 

13 52 
IO 3o 
73 95 
15 26 
9 67 
1o o4 

4 o7 
7 41 
IO 71 

3 87 
8 o7 

'I I I 
17 64 

5 87 
5 44 
5 33 
1 76 
6 83 
IO 17 

17 27 
18 99 
IO 45 
8 Bl 
17 74 

8 73 
IO 96 
8 85 
IO 7o 

IO 94 
I OO 
1o 6o 
7 13 
9 97 
1o 31 
7 38 
9 89 
12 88 
11 3o 
8 o5 
4 94 
12 28 
4 72 

4 51 
5 28 
4 o4 
6 o5 
9 52 
43 34 

2 33 
I IO 
I 45 
6 79 

1o 52 
9 85 
11 o2 
6 97 
1o 14 
5 82 
7 79 
9 94 

11 86 
9 95 
I] se 
1o 39 
I 99 
I ll 
1o 24 
I I 89 
I 87 
I OO 
5 35 
8 82 
8 5o 

13 32 
IO 26 
23 49 
15 o4 
9 51 
1o o4 

4 OO 
I 33 
9 84 

3 78 
8 o3 
12 42 
8 38 
12 4o 

5 79 
5 36 
5 17 
8 68 
6 72 
9 87 

16 81 
18 82 
1o 29 
8 67 
16 91 

8 61 
IO 81 
I 78 
1o o6 

IO 97 
I OO 
IO 56 
1 OS 
9 89 
1o 12 
7 26 
9 U 
12 78 
11 19 
7 99 
4 87 
17 o8 
4 62 

4 42 
5 it 
3 97 
5 94 
9 44 
47 86 

2 31 
I IO 
I 47 
6 23 

14 49 + 
28 46- 
9 25 + 
8 49- 
11 27— ll 6 6 - 
1o 3 1 - 
14 32 - 
9 6 2 - 
15 (to­ to 15 + 
14 52 
9 56 

6 39- 
8 62 
I OO 
1o 34 
9 42— 
7 25 + 
11 8o + 
8 62 
6 o7+- 
8 19 
3 67 
7 o9 - 
| 42- 
9 69- 

13 o9 
8 41 + 

 iI S A ­ 
H M 

14 42 
14 78 + 
TI 34* ll 31- 
774 

1o 57 - 
9 89 - 
11 1 1 - 
7 o4 - 
1o 15 
5 88 + 
7 ST­ 
IO OO- 

11 s i­ lo 13- 
13 96- 

7 84- 
1o 42 
12 12 
I 92 + 
I OO 
5 41 
8 9 2 - 
8 63 

3 3 6 - 
o 26- 
23 79 
13 
15 ll 
15 
9*57— .IO 
IO o4 

4 o7 + 
7 41 + 
IO 21 + 

3 82 
.o2 a (to - 
o2 
12 s i — .o1 a 42 io 
12 52 - .15 

T u d o rH e d g e n 
JO th fon l G rlh 
TOtiiCenl Inc 
U S A A C a p G t h n 
U S A A inc F d 
U S G o v t 
Secur 
U n it M u tu a l 
Int fund 
U n io n Svc G r p 
B ro a d S t 
In v 
N a l In ve st 
U n io n C a p ito l 
U n ton Inc F d 
U n ite d I u n d s 
Acc u rn Uhiv 
B o n d 
C ont G ro w th 
Cont In c o m e 
In c o m e 
Sc lence 
V a n g u a r d 
U n it S v c s f d n v a lu e L in e 
F d 
V a lu e L h e 
In c o m e 
L e v rg e d G rth 
S p e d Sd 
Vane e S a n d e rs 
In c o m e 
In v e st 
C o m m o n 
Spec tai 
Vflnderbclt G r in 
V,ender till Inc en 
V a n g u a r d G ro u p 
E vplorcY t nd f si In d e * 
Iv est t und 
M o r g a n F u nd 
T ru ste e s C a 
W e lle sle y Inc 
W e ib n g lo n I d 
W e stm in 
Bd 
W in d so r t und 
V a r ie d In d u si 
W all St G ro w th 
W eingrtnfc q n 
I field G rw th 
W is c o n sin In c m 
N o load fund 

IS 31 
8 79 
17 9? 
8 99 
12 14 
I OO 
7 59 
9 59 
1o 34 
14 o9 
4 42 
5 69 
8 o6 l l 96 
9 85 
8 73 
9 59 

17 84 
6 74 
11 IO 
13 52 

6 57 
I ll 
9 78 
9 47 
1o 82 
5 79 
5 31 
I 43 

I 12 
5 28 
8 92 
4 17 

13 57 
7 43 
6 47 
J 95 
4 o4 
4 o4 

17 95 
14 47 
I 78 
11 44 
9 73 
17 13 
1o o4 
9 71 
IO 57 
3 59 
6 W 
IO 95 
7 37 
5 46 

18 o9 
8 63 
I? 72 
8 87 ll 96 
I OO 
I ti 
9 51 
1o 13 
13 76 
4 28 
5 61 
7 92 l l 93 
9 81 
8 6o 
9 48 

11 87 
6 41 
IO 97 
12 67 

6 47 
I J9 
9 14 
9 43 
1o 7o 
5 69 
5 23 
I 35 

6 95 
5 22 a Ii 
4 OI 

13 5o 
7 32 
6 33 
7 TO 
3 98 
3 99 

17 76 
14 IS 
7 67 
11 26 
9 58 
12 o5 
9 95 
9 69 
1o 38 
3 52 
6 39 
1o 71 
I ll 
5 38 

5 82 
5 4 1 - 
5 33 + a t i— 
6 78 
IO 17 + 

17 27 + ie os­ lo 34 a 75 - 
17 74 + 

 a 73 
1o 9o- 
8 85 + 
IO 23 

1o 94 
I OO 
IO 57 
I 12- 
9 97 + 
1o JO 
I 3 4 - 
9 8o 
12 84 
11 23— 
8 o4 
4 93 + 
12 19 
4 72 + 

4 46- 
5 24 
3 98 
6 o5 + 
9 52 
43 la 

7 37 
I IO 
I 45 + 
6 79 + 

18 71 - 
8 78 
17 83 
8 96- 
12 14 + 
I OO 
I SI 
9 54 
1o 1 6 - 
14 o7 
4 47 * 
5 69 t 
7 9 o l l 96 
9 85 
8 67 
9 57+- 

11 93 
6 47 
11 1o + 
12 77 

6 5 1 
I 41 
9 IS 
9 46- 
1o 75 
5 71 
5 3o- 
1 4 o 

7 o6 
5 78 * 
8 87 
4 17 ♦ 

13 56- 
7 36 
6 41 
7 95 * 
4 OO 
4 OO 

17 95 + 
14 26 
7 72 
11 34 
9 62 
12 ll 
9 99 - 
9 69 
1o 49 
3 55 
6 » 
1o 9 1 * 
I IS 
5 4o- 

T r e a s u r y 
B o n d s 

N E W Y O R k ( A P I 
O v e r the C o u n te r 
U S G o v e r n m in t T r e a s u r y b o n d s, w e e k ly h ig h lo w a n d c lo s in g a s k e d p ric e s the net c h a n g e fro m the p re v io u s w e e k 's d o s in g a sk e d p ric e an d yield 
R a le M a t u r i t y M ig h l o w 
L a s t C h g Y < e ld 
F e b l l n IOO (o1o o 8 
IOO 8 
F eb 77 n IOO I IOO 6 
IOO 6 
M a r ll n IOO la IOO 131oo 13 
/ i, A p r 77 n IOO 751oo 2 4 IOO 24 
. M a y 77 n IOO 231oo 221oo i i 
M a y ll n 1o1 131o1 121o1 12 
6 * . M a y l l n IOO 731oo 221oo 23 
6 1 j J o n ll n IOO 25 1 oo 23 1oo 23 
Jut ll n 
1o1 141o1 171o1 12 
(*4 A u g 77 n 1o1 711o1 IR TO I 19 
A u g ll n 1o2 I 1o1 311o1 31 iS e p l l n 1o2 8 1o7 6 
1o7 6 
O d l l it 1o7 261o1 241o1 24 
N o v ll n 1o2 3 1o2 I 
1o7 I 
N O V l l n 1o1 8 1o1 5 
1o1 5 
D e c 77 n 1o 1 3o1o1 761o1 It - 
.Ja n 
78 n IQ I 6 1o1 I 1o1 I 
F e b 71 n 1o1 2 IOO 281oo 28 
F e b 78 n 1o2 3o1o2 261o2 26 
6 1 .M a r 78 n 1o1 2o1o1 151o1 IS 
A p r 78 n ID I 111o1 6 IQ I 6 - 
. M a y 78 n 1o7 3 1o1 M i d i 2 8 - 
7 '. M a y 78 n 1o2 6 1o1 791o1 29 
7 *s M a y 78 n 1o3 I 1o2 271o2 27 
6 ’ k J u n 78 n 1o1 271o1 7o1o1 2o 
■ Jut 
78 I! 1o 1 281o 1 2o1o 1 2o - 
6 ' * A uu 
78 n 1o1 171o1 81o1 8 • 
• A u g 
78 n 1o2 3o1o2 241o2 24 
( A u g 78 n 1o4 211o4 151o4 IS 
• S e p 78 n 
IOO 3oIOO 221oo 72 
• O d 
78 n 
IOO 171oo 
IOO 
•N OV 78 ll IOO 2 
99 M IOO 2 
N o v 
7 8 n 1oo 171oo *1 o o 6 k • D e c 
78 n 1o4 1o1o4 7 1o4 9 
- 8 
5 7| 
5’ 4 D e c 
78 n 99 699 3 
99 6 
1oo 
6 
5 7o 
7 f a b 
79 n 1o2 ll 1o2 7 1o2 l l - 5 
5 79 
7 '* M a y 
79 n 
1o4 1o1o4 
1o4 
Ie 
6 OI 
. Ju n 
79 n 
1o4 8 1o3 1o1o3 JO I * 
5 99 c A u g 
79 n 
IOO 241oo 1o1oo IO 
216 17 
(9 ll 
1o2 21o1 721o1 22 
2o 
6 16 
79 n 1o6 2 1o2 I 1o5 14 
3o 
6 25 
79 n 
IOO 191oo 41oo 4 - 24 
6 TO 
79 n 
IQ I 17 IO I 41o1 4 - 26 
4 18 
It n 
1o2 141o2 21o2 2 - 24 
4 19 
It n 1o5 221o1 1o1o1 IO l l 
* IS 
94 2o 9 4 6 
94 2o 
2 
5 94 
IQ I 211o3 131o3 I ) 
19 
4 31 
1o1 211o1 141o1 14 

4 
I 6 
5 
4 
4 
4 
8 
7 
5 
,1 
9 
9 
9 
9 
11 5 74 
12 5 8o 
1o5 ll t 
5 75 i4 s ai 
14 5 87 
I 
5 89 
14 5 89 
8 

• A u g 
• Se *> 
.N O V 
6 '- N O V 
NOV 
7 1 > o *c t e b 8o 
M a r IO 
A '. M a y 8 
Jon 8o ll 
1o3 1o1o2 311o1 i i 
A u g 
KO n 
IO ! 141o8 21o8 2 - 
6 7 . S e p 
8o n 1o1 241o1 141o1 14 
N O V 
8o t i 
91 18 92 
~i 
D e c 
IO n 
91 2o 98 4 
98 8 - 
I 
( H i 81 n 1o2 7 IQ I 2o1o1 2 * - 
7 G F e b 81 n 1o1 121o2 241o3 I 
M a y 81 n 
1o1 1o1o7 221o1 
A u g 
B i n 
1o4 
1o1 61o3 24 
■ A u g 81 
1o1 2 *1 o 2 241o2 24 
7 
N o v 81 n 1o1 2 *1o 1 121o1 l l 
*» N o v 81 n 1o4 721o4 1o1o4 1 o - 
1 »F e b 
82 n 98 l l 97 19 
98 2 
• ( l e o 
82 
* 9 I * 99 IO 
99 14 
M a y 82 n IQ S 2 H o S 4 1o5 2o 
‘ • A u g 8 ? n 
IO * 1o1o5 2 *1 o 6 4 
'• N O V 
82 a 
1o5 *1 o 4 2 *1 o 5 
F e n K l n 
1o5 2*1o 5 8 1o5 Ie 
'. J o n 7k 8J 84 IO l l 16 81 74 
N o v 
83 n 1o1 2 IOO 
IOO 
18 
, . A u g 
84 
99 
9 * 26 
98 26 
J I . M a y 85 
17 17 l l * l l 12 
4 1 . M a y 75 *5 I S l l I S 14 85 TO 
M . M a y 84 n IOT 
1o4 
4 1o4 l l 
8 
A u g 8 * n 1o5 7 *1 o 5 I 1o5 7 
6 ' .N O V 
8 * 
97 24 97 t i 24 
) ' cf a b 9o 
82 JO i i 4 l l 4 
8 ' . M a y 9o 
1o8 76 1 o8 7 
4 '. A u g 1 7 9 ? l l 14 
4 
F a b ------- 
8 '. F a b 
7! . A u g 88 93 1o3 61o2 1*1o 2 I * 
P 
H 
I ' . M a y *9 94 
17 24 *1 
|2 
I 14 5 7* 
J 
F a b 95 l l l l l l 2 l l I - 1 
IO 4 53 
7 
M a y 93 t i 91 I 19 I 
98 I 
- IQ 7 I * 
I ' /NOV 98 l l 12 l l 4 l l 4 
I JO 4 93 
I ' .M a y 
94 99 
H O 281o8 261oo 2 o 2 2 
I Si 
77, F a b 
95 OO 1o5 21o3 141o1 I * 
I l l 
7 52 
. A u g 
95 OO 1o9 241o1 1o1o8 12 I 147 
S I 
A u g 
96 o1 IO * 41o4 2o1o4 2o 
I I * 
I 54 
. M a y 
oo o5 1o* 4 1o7 3o1o7 JO- I * 
7 51 n 
T re a s u ry N o te s 
'ic e s quoted in d o lla rs a d th irty crc o n o s 
S u b le t! to 
F e d e ra l la v a s b u l not to 
State in c o m e la k e s 

1o8 7 t i t i l l 14 I 
26 12 2 * n 

 i l l l IO l l l l 82 12 
I 
98 IO t i JO 91 

K C Live sto ck 

K A N S A S C IT Y ( A P I 
H o g * Duo 
B ar 
3 

^ 
.*!"& t i 
J * 1# ' * 
> I JIO 2J5 lb 
75 41 OOI 1 I 2oo 245 lb A) 25 4o S i 
So w s sted y lo m o stly SO lo w e r; 
1 3 31o 475 lb 
12 OO 
475 4oo ib 34 OO 
° 
C a ttle MIO 
T r a d in g lim ite d 
R a n t e r to the w eek; S la u g h te r ste e rs lu g e r a g M m oatiy ch o ice 
*oo i JOU lo i s ic i • *- 
S la u g h te r b a ite rs < h o <C * USO *75 lb IS OO 
17 oo 
W a u g h tar c o w s h ig h cu tte r, uN lfty e n d so m e OQm m a rc i i i Ti OO H at) h ig h e r d r e s s in g utility J 
I s l ‘rn ale* tor 
Monday: n o g s I JOO snoop IOO 

 higher 

 c o ttlo 
1 o o o 

 b y J a n u a r y 1 5 1 9 7 7 

" P 
P 
11 
«!> TiiflsTiTTiii im Mil iii i* P 

Leaders 
N E W Y O R K ( A P ) W e e k 's tw e n ty m o st a c tive sto c k s 
Y e a r ly 
I igh 
Low 

IO1' 
17*8 l is t ft)' I 
39’ . 
5 6 ’ s 
78’ » 
64 J. 
281. 
4 3 '. 
54'8 
3 4 '. 
3 4 '. 
57' , 
T V '. 
5 8 '. 
13' / 
8' 3 
16' , 

13’ i 
T U 
13's 
5 '. 
49’ . 
75 
4 7 '. 
ST *. 
5o’» 
23*8 
31'Ct 
38’ b 
2 2 '. 
16'8 
4 5 'n 
2 o '» 
46 
9 ' z 
3 H 
7*. 

O c r i den Pet 
So n y C o rp 
M id S o u U t 
T e x a s Intl 
A t l R ’Chfl 
B a u s c h 
L b 
E x x o n 
G e n 
M o to rs 
A m T el& T e l 
T e x a c o Inc 
K r e s g e S S 
D o w 
Cb in t T e l T el 
A irie r HOSS 
U S Steel 
G ulf 
O d 
Gen Elec 
R o b in s A H 
U S In d u st 
In m o n t Cp 

W e e k 's 
S ic s 
1,713.7o2 
I 296 6oo 
1,17o,1oo 
978.7oo 
919 3oo 
8o8 OOO 
859 4oo 
796.ooo 
792 7oo 
779./OO 
744 2oo 
729,4oo 
778,3oo 
72o.7oo 
713 'OO 
7o5,2oo 
696 OOO 
683.ooo 
667 OOO 
664 OOO 

H igh 
25+. 
L o w 
235* 
L a s t C h a 
2 5 '. to 
9 
8' 3 
8 t o ­ to 
16’ . 
I i ' 3 to ’. * t B 
ITV, 
9to 
1o+9 + lto 
56+4 
53+* 
55' j ~ 
1 '. 
J I ' , 
32’ . 
36' x t- 
3+* 
53to 
5 2 '. 
52to 
76to 
74' • 
75'4 to 
63 to 
6 2 '. 
62 to — 
+. 
27 to 
27' ; 
27+. f 
+. 
39' 3 
38+k 
38 t o 
41 to 
4o 
4 o $ . - to 
34 
33 
33+. 
34 + . 
31 to 
3 4 + . . 
3 
4 7 ’ , 
45’ . 
47’ 4— i j it 
28 
29 
4- to 
54' j 
53 
54to+- 
I 
1 3 'J 
12 
13+*+• lto 
8 ' 3 
7+» 
8to-+- to 
16' 3 
14 to 
16'.+• lto 
N F W Y O R K ( A P I 
Y e a r ly 
H ig h 
L o w 
5 5 '* 
32 
2 
5 5 '* 
5’ a 
3' * 
29'/ 
IO 's 
37’ . 
* '» 
6 ’. 
6 '* 
13 

W e e k 's A m e r ic a n le a d e rs 
, 
W e e k s 

H o u O ilM 
J?j inn 
M c C o ll 
O il 
491 4oo 
I ' . 
Intl 
Bn knot jqo 
S i * 
P e tro l 
416,(oo 
S 6*?1 E x p lo r 
J U )oo 
V 
316,7oo 
7 'a 
G IB a s Pet jgo jqq 

I 
C 2 f° 
251 2oo 
3 
Ctia m p H o 
349 goo 
65/. 
N a t P ate n t 
225,6oo 

A v e r a g e s 

H igh 
LO' 
55to 
49to 
4' a 
Jto 
3+. 
7to 
79' / 
24 
IO ’ . 
7to 
37’ . 
27+, 
6 '« 
5* 3 
6 + < 
4to 
Jto 
3+» 
I O 'j 
87, 

L a s t C h o 
54A* + S'/* 
4>«+- 
'n 
2 ’ * + i. 
28’ # + U s 
* 'k + 
1» 
3 4 '. + 7 '* 
6 
+ 
I-. 
6 '. + TV* 
3 + * - 
V. 
* F » - I 

WHAT T H E STOCK M A R K E T DID 
Two 
ThisPrev. Year Years 
* w eek a go ago 
. 
989 
1479 TOSI 
1o73 
919 
412 
741 
248 
221 
175 
2o5 
21o3 
2129 
2o66 1997 
317 
461 
517 
35 
14 
3 
4 
12 

A d v a n c e s 
D f d ln e e s 
U n ch a n g e d 
Total issu e s 
N e w Y e a r ly h ig h s 
N e w Y e a r ly lo w s 

W E E K L Y SALES 
This Weak 

N Y Sto c k s 
N Y B o n d s 
A m e ric a n Sto c k s 
A m e r ic a n B o n d s 
M id w e st Sto c k s 

T h H W e e k 
A Y e a r A g o 
116,89o,ooo 159,696,674 
5114.o7o,ooo $141,347,ooo 
17,o7o,ooo 14,781,o5o 
$8,31o,ooo $7,952,DOC 
5,245,ooo 7,3o5,ooo 

W a e k ly N u m b e r of T ra d e d is s u a t 
N Y 
S to c k s 
21o3 
N Y 
B o n d s 
1646 
A m e ric a n S lo c k s 
1156 
A m e ric a n B o n d s 
137 

W E E K IN - S T O C K S - A N D - R O N O S 
F o llo w in g g iv e s the r a n g e of D o w Jo n e s c lo sin g a v e r acies for the w eek 
S T O C K A V E R A G E S 

«f/lr. V J ! ' ' h t o w 
L » » * 
C h g 
In d s 
986 87 986 87 968 25 972 I * IO 97 
T r a n s 
236 8o 236 8o 233 12 233 66 
2 47 u t ils 
1o8 IO 1o8 22 1o6 56 1o8 22 + 
6 5 S t k s 
321 91 321 91 316 36 318 IO 
B O N D A V E R A G E S 
TO B o n d s 
92 98 92 98 
92 48 92 57 u rn s 
98 51 98 51 
97 71 97.98 
- 
In d u st 
87 46 87 46 
87 16 87 16 
C O M M O D I T Y F U T U R E S I N O E X 
367 OI 375 95 367 OI 375 95 + 4 77 

2 73 

o 79 
1 12 
o 46 

N E W 
Y O R K 
( A P ) 
- 
S ta n d a rd 
P o o r 's W e e k ly 5oo Stock in d e x : 
H ig h 
L o w 
C lo se 
4oo In d u s t ria ls 116 83 
114 83 
115 4 2 
2o T r a n s p o r t in g 17 
------- 
4o 
U tilitie s 
53 75 to 
F in a n c ia l 
12 47 
5oo 
S to c k s 
1o5 2o 

14 89 
52 9o 
12 73 
1o3 4o 

14 97 
S I 63 
12 37 
1o4 OI 

 an d 

Chg. 
I 12 
o 21 
o 22 
o 15 
1 OO 

N E W Y O R K ( A P ) - T he fo llo w in g list sh o w s the 
N e w 
Y o r k 
Stoclr 
E x c h a n g e sto c k s an d w a r r a n ts that h a v e go n e up the m o st a n d d ow n the m ost b a se d on percent of c h a n g e re g a rd le s s of v o lu m e 
N o se c u ritie s t ra d in g below $2 a re in ch uded 
Net an d p e rc e n ta g e c h a n g e sa re th e d iffe re n ce b etw een last w e e k s c lo s in g p rice an d th is w e e k 's c lo s in g p rice 
U P S 
L a s t 
C h g 
P c t. 
15 
+ S '3 
U p 
57 9 
7’ a 
1 3 '* 
17 
7 ’ . 
? * . 
+ 
'n i ' i 
+ 
' j 
25 
+ 5 
12 
+ 2 J» 
1 9 *. 
+ 3 ’ * 
2 5 '4 
+ 
4 ’ * 
6 '7 
+ 
IV . 
9 ' j 
+ 
H . 
19*» + 
3 '. 
4o' ? 
+ 
6*« 
17’e 
+ 
7’ * 
6 ' 4 
+ 
I 
2*8 
+ 
I . 
77' 7 
+ 
4 ' . 
98 
+ 1 3 'a 
9 '. 
+ 
I '. l l ’* 
+ 
I '7 
7+» 
+ 
I 
27V4 
+ 
3 ' 7 
22'3 
+ 
2’ a 
D O W N S 

U p s a n d D o w n s 

 n a m e 
P a c Tin 
Deltec Int 
V ia c o m 
Int ilo d d S h lp y d 
A p e c o C o r p 
L 'b t y L o a n 
H o riz o n 
C p 
W o o d s P o l I 
P r o d R s r t h 
B u n k R rn pf 
O x fo r d Iud 
R a o id Artier 
W ie b old t Str 
G ra n d U n 
B a lly M f g 
R e v e re 
C o p 
L ib r t y L n pf 
A m rp p C o rp 
C y c lo p s C p 
C IT ‘T 5 o p fC 
C o lu m 
P lct 
P e o p le s 
D r g 
P la y b o y E n 
G r t lk D r e d 
B k M o n th 

C h g 
' J '» 
' J '. 
■ 3 '. 
■ 2 ’ a 

Up 

 f t 
% 
Up 
U p 
U p 
% 

 f t 
Up 
Up 
Up 
U p 
Up 
U p 
% 

U p 

 f t 

46 2 
37 o 
31 5 
IO 8 
29 4 
25 o 
25 o 
74 7 
74 4 
23 9 
23 8 
22 6 
2o 7 
TO o 
I* 8 
19 o is a 
18 3 
16 5 
15 6 
IS 6 
14 8 
14 7 
14 6 

N a m e 
Atico 
M f g 
G lf M lg R lt y 
A C e n f M i g 
T e c h n ic a r e 
V e n ic e In d 
U M E T 
T r 
W a c h o v i R It 
A ile e n In c 
S a x o n ind 
W a r n a c o 
A p p td M a g 
S a n d e r s 
F idol tty 
F in 
P la n 
R e s r c h 
S c o tt P a p e r 
W a rd F oo ds 
M a d S q 
G a r 
Sa n Ju a n 
R a 
C u l lig a n 
U m t F in l 
C a l 
U n il In d u s t 
E le c t A s s o c 
Telex 
C o rp 
C o n e M i ll s c - A F C o r p 

L a s t 
2'a 
2 
7 '. 
37*. 
3 'a 
7 

• >« 
31. 
IO 
6* a 
3’ a 
IB 1 7 
S ' 3 
S 's 
8 *« 
9 ’ a 
IH a 
19’ a 
2 ’ a 
7’a 
2 3 ’. 
11'a 

-C\ 
- 
'a 
- i , 
- 4 H 

P c t 
O ff i i I 
O ft 15 8 
O ff 14 3 
O ff 12 4 
O ff l l 4 
O ff ll I 
O ft 1 1 1 
O ft IO 7 
Off IO 5 
O ff IO o 
Off 
9 1 
O ff 
Oft 
O ff 
O ff 
8!i 
O ff 
O ff 
Oft 
O ff 
O ft 
Off 
O ft 
I p i t 
D o th 

9 1 
8 9 
8 8 
8 6 
8 3 
8 2 
8 2 
o I 
8 I 
8 1 
8 o 
8 o 
7 9 
7 8 a r 

N E W Y O R K 
N E W Y O R K ( A P ) 
The fo llo w in g is a si ct the m o st a c tiv e sto c k s b a s e d on the d o lla r v o lu m e 
T he total is b a se d on the m e d ia n p ric e the ytock tra d e d m u ltip lie d b y the sh a re s tra d e d 
N a m e 
Tot($1ooo) S a le s (b d s IL a s t 
IM W 
$ 1 2 7,o694 715 27C 1 7 
G en M o t o r s 
$59 899 
796o 
7 5 '. 
A IIR ic h fl 
15o 561 
9193 
55' I 
A m Tel A Tel 
549 741 
7927 6 2 H xon 
$45 44o 
8594 
5 7 V 
O r c d e n Pet 
542 199 
17137 2Ji/a 
H a lb b u rtn 
$38,574 
6552 6 o 'a 
Int P a p e r 
538 133 
6o41 6 1 'a 
G e n E le c 
$37,517 
6*8 o 54+* 
E a st k o d a k ___________ 
534,o67 4o86 8 3 'a 

N E W Y O R K ( A P ) - T h e fo llo w in g list sh o w s the 
A m e r ic a n 
S to c k 
E x c h a n g e sto c k s a n d w a rra n ts that h a v e go n e up the m ost an d d o w n the m o st b a se d on perce n t of c h a n g e r e g a rd le s s of v o lu m e 
N o se c u ritie s tra d in g b elow $2 a re inc! uded 
N e t a n d p e rc e n ta g e c h a n g e sa re th e d iffe re n ce betw een last w e e k ’s c lo sin g p rice a n d th is w e e k ’s c lo s in g p rice 
U P * 
L a s t 
C h g 
P c t 
6 V 
+. 2 >/a “ 
T V 
+ V 
4 V 
+ I V 
2 
+ '7 
I ' a 
+ V 
3>. 
+ V 
2 +x 
+ 
V 
34'-. 
+ 7 V 
4 + * 
+ 
V 
6 ' 4 
+ IV . i v . 
+ V 
2’ a 
+ V7 
2’a 
+ 
I, 
I V 
+- V 
S ' a 
+ *a 

 f t 
"ft 

 f t 

 f t 

 ft p 
U p 
Up 

 f t 
Up 

 f t 
U p 

 f t 
Up 
Up 
Up 
U p 
Up 

ZI 
37 o 
33 3 
31 6 
3 o o 
29 4 
78 6 
25 o 
25 o 
23 8 
7) I 
21 I 
2o 8 
TO 6 
2o o 
2o o 
2o o 
19 8 
19 7 
19 2 
17 9 
17 9 
17 9 
17 6 

 n a m e 
1 
H a m p sh D e 
2 
B a r u c h F o st 
3 
A p l d D e v c s 
4 
O k fo rd F S I 
5 
C e n tu ry P a c 
6 
C a p ita l 
R e s 
7 
W a d e d E q 
8 
K i r b y E x p 
9 
C la r o s t a f 
1o 
H o lly C o rp 
11 
G e n g e 
In t l l 
A lp h a In d 
13 
S e c M t g In v 
14 
W ic h ita 
In d 
15 
S S P ind 
16 
D ig ic o n In c 
. 
. 
. 
17 
O r m a n d In d 
2 '4 
+ 
*a 
IS 
W ainoc O il 
8 '. 
+ 
I V 
19 
D e v o n G r p 
31». 
+ 51. 
2o 
Beth 
C o rp 
3 ’ a 
+ 
V 
71 
S a rg e n t Ind 
3 ’ a 
+ 
V i i 
K l per V u In 
4 'a 
+ 
V 
73 
M c C u ll 
O il 
4 ' a 
+ 
V 
24 
M ie n G ent 
4 ' a 
+ 
'a 
25 
B a rc la y In 
7' j 
4 
+a 
D O W N S 
N a m e C a s t 
C h g 
P c t 
1 
F s t H a r t p f 
I '7 — 
*. 
O ff 17 6 
2 
A M A X wt 
9 l l . 
O f* 1 * 3 
3 
F o x S ta 
P h o t 
9 'a 
I * . 
O ft 16 1 
4 
S h e lt e r R e s 
2 '* 
— 
'a 
O ff 15 o 
5 
A u t o R a d io 
4 + . 
+-. 
O ff 13 6 
6 
A m S c i E n g 
9 1 . 
I ' , 
O ff 13 3 
J 
N e w c o r In c 
1 8 V 
? V 
O ft I ? 4 
8 
C o n c r d F a b 
5 ‘* 
>. 
O ff 12 7 
9 
A p p t d D e l 
5 ’ a 
+. 
O H 1 1 3 
1o 
L a k e s h o r e 
2 
'< 
O H l l I 
11 
V u lc a n 
C o rp 
3 
V 
O H l l I 
12 
N a t n w d H o l l 'a 
— 
I V 
O ff 1o 8 
13 
G lo v e r In c 
J 'a 
- 
'a 
O H IO I 
14 
G o o d r ic h w l 
6 ' 3 
V 
O ff 1o 3 
15 
R H M e d S v 
4 'n 
— 
'7 
O ff 1o 3 
16 
A c m e P r o c 
7 '. 
- 
'< 
O ff IO 6 
17 
M c In t o s h 
2 o '. — 
7 '. 
O ff IO O 
IB 
N e lso n 
L B 
2 '. 
O ff IO O 
19 
N a l P a te n t 
9 'a 
I 
O H 9 9 
7o 
K e y s l In d 
8 ' * 
’a 
O ff 
9 7 
71 
G le n G e r y 
5 ’ a 
— 
V 
O H 
9 6 
77 
A la n W o o d 
7 '* 
+. 
O ff 
9 5 
73 
F d m o s 
C o rp 
2 'n 
'. 
O ft 
9 5 
74 
A A V 
COS 
4 ’ a 
— 
1 ? 
O ff 
9 3 
25 f a t L it e , 
3». 
'a 
O ff 
9 I e a u e rs 

A M E R IC A N 
N E W Y O R K ( A P I 
T h e fo llo w in g is a list of the m ost a c tiv e s to c k s b a se d on the d o lla r v o lu m e 
T he total is b a se d on the m e d ia n p rice ot the sto c k tra d e d m u ltip lie d b y the sh a re s trad e d 
T o t($ )o o o ) S a le s ( h d s ) L a s t 
54o.737 
7741 
5 4 V 
$11,146 
4167 
2 8 a 
$1o,31* 
3162 
34>/« 
$9,587 
2113 t i ' 3 
$6,o27 
1772 
35+4 
$3,848 
1664 
2 2 '. 
$3,675 
4141 
Q V 
$ 3,193 
1587 
2 o '. t i, I M 
22o4 
1$ '7 
$3,121 
14o3 
72*. 

N a m e 
H o u O ’tM 
C K 
P e tro l 
K ir b y E «p 
M i t c h l E O 
K e w a n e e 
In 
S y n le x 
C o rp 
Gent 
F xplor 
M c In to sn 
C ru tc h r 
Rev 
F ly D ia 
OH 

( c h i c a g o 
O p t i o n 

O p tio n 
& 
F r id a y , Ja n 
U p ric e 
Ja n 
A p r 
Ju l C lo se 
A lco a 
45 
IO' 3 b b 
55+4 
A lco a 
5o 
5to 
7 '. a 
55 to 
A lcoa 
$5 lto b b 
55+x 
A lco a 
6(1 a 
1+4 
7 * . 
55+. 
A m T ri 
$5 
7 + . 
8 a 
62*4 
A m Tee 
6o 
2 ’. 
3 '. 
3 + 4 
6 2 '4 
A m T r i 
65 b to to 
62+. 
All R 
45 
IO ' 3 ll'* . b 
55’ ; 
All R 
W 
S' 3 
7 'J 
9 
55' J 
A ll R 
6o 
I 16111 16215 to 
SS'3 
A vo n 
4o 
7+e 
I '* 
7+4 
46’. 
A x o n 
45 71 to 
IU 
4+4 
4 6 ’, 
A v o n 
SO 
I to 15 to 
2 ' 1 
4 6 ’ . 
B a n k A m 
75 
2 '. 
V * 
3 to 
2 8 'h 
B a n k A m 
3o a 
*to lto 
28’ i 
Bofh S 
35 
4 
4 ’ 3 a 
38 to 
B r in S 
4o 
I to IS to 
2 
38 to 
B e th S 
45 
I to 
1 4 b 
38to 
Br a n s 
IO 
S ' 3 b b toto 
B r u n s 
15 l l 16 lto 
21 to t o '. 
Br u n * 
2o i to t4 to toto 
B u rl N 
4o 
J ’ . 
4 ’ » 
5 ' J 
4 3 ‘. 
B u rl N 
45 
14 
2+4 
4 3 '. 
B u r l N 
5o a 
9 to b 
43 . 
C it ic p 
IS a a 
8 ' 4 
3 2 '. 
O l i i p 
3o 
7 ’. 
3 + 4 
4to 
3 2 '. 
C die p 
3$ 
I I i 
I ito 
32+4 
C it ic p 
4o a 
3 to b 
32+. 
D e lla 
35 
2to 
3 ' 3 
4to 
37’. 
O r 't a 
4o a 
I 
2 
3 7 '. 
D e lt a 
4$ a t 4 b 
3 7 '. 
D o w C h 
4o 
'. 7 1 5 to 
* 
4Qto 
D o w C h 
45 
1 to l l to lt o 
4o to 
D o w C h 
5o 
I to a b 
JO to t a * KO 
IO 
3 'x 
«to 
I ’ . 
83 . 
I a s K d 
9o 
I 16115 to 
3to 
• 3 '. 
E a s k d 
IOO a to b 
8 3 '. 
B a s K d 
HO a 
* a b 
13 to 
E * * o n 
45 
7 ' a 
7+4 
It o 
5 7 'i 
E x . o n 
5o 29 to 
J ; 
4 
5 2 '; 
E * i o n 
55 
I to is to b 
57 ' 3 
E x x o n 
6o 
I to a 
, 4 s r 3 
F N M i r 
D x 19 to 
1+4 i t * * f N M 
IO a 
3 to 
5 to i« + . 
F lu o r 
3o 
5 ’ * 
7 a 
3* 
Flu or 
35 
I '. 
3 'x 
4 ’ 4 
34 
F lu o r 
4o a 15 to lto 
3* 
Flo o r 
45 a b 
34 
F Ord 
SO 
IO '. 
T O '.* 
1 ito 
6o+4 
F o r d 
6o I 5 16215 I* 
4 * 
6o-4 
G H I E l 
SO 
4+t 
5to 
6to 
5 4 '. 
G e n l l 
55 
5 to 
7 '. 
It o 
5 4 '. 
G e n E l 
6o a l l to lto 
5 4 '. 
G M 
6o 
15+x toto b 
75'4 
G M 
7o 
5 ' 4 
6 4 
7*4 
75’. 
G M 
8o to 
I ' 3 
2 ' t 
7 $ '. 
C l W S I 
15 
6+, a a 
71 to 
O ' W k! to 
) H 
7to lto l l ’ . 
G I W xl 
75 a 
9 1* 
13 to 
21 to 
G U W n 
15115 to 
7' I 
3 '. toto 
G II W n 
7o 
I to 
7 I * i , to ’ . 
G I W n O to 
I b b b 
H atbfn 
IO '. to b 
* o '. 
M alh tn 
55 
5>. b b 
4o to 
N a lb ln 
6o t . 
3+4 
5 ' v 
6oto 
M a n it o 
IO 
I to u to 
1+4 
4o to 
M om xtk 
JO 
5+4 
6 
7+ a 
IS R . 
M o m s t k 
35 13 to 
2 '. 
4 
35to 
H o rn s i k 
JO 
I to to 1*115 to 
35to 
HOU G M 
JO 
2 4 '. 
23+4 
25 
54 to 
H ou O M 
35 
1 9 '. 
2oto 
2o+4 
54to 
Hot) O M 
4o 
14’. 
IS G 
17 
S4to 
H o g O M 
45 
o 
I I H l l ' • 
54to 
HOU O M 
5o 
9 
I 
9to 
54to 
MOU O M 
6o to 
3 '. 
4 ’ . 
S J H 
I N A 
4o 
4 '. a 
5+4 
44 
I N A 
,4o 
I# toe r 3 
44 
I B M 
74o j r . b b r n 
I B M 
76o l l ' / 
2oto 
75’ . 
I B M tao 
4 . 
I ' . 
13 • HU'* lh M a r 
IS 
6 ’. a a 
* ? 
In H e r 
3o 
I ’. 
7 '» 
3 to 
H lh M a r 
35 to to 
I 1. 
32 
Rf M m 
35 
5 * 
5*4 
4 4 
4o to 
In M in 
4o t o i l s 1*711 to 
4 o '. 
In P a p to 
1+4 
3’ x 
5 ' / 
61' 4 lh P o p 
IO to ta lto 
4 1 'i 
I T T is 
I S 
8+4 to 
3 3 '. 
I T T 
JO 
3+4 
4 '4 it o 
31+4 
I T T 
35 
I I * to to 
17 to 
33+4 
John J 
7o b 
* ' 4 
It o 
73*4 
John J to 
• lto 
J to 
71+4 
John J 
9o 
J 
'a to 
71*. 
Kitten f 
Ti 
4to 
) c 
Sto 
2* to 
K e n o C 
3o to 
V a lto 
J * > 
K e n o C 
35 to 
1 • 
I 
79' / 
K e rr M 
*o toto b b 
7o to 
K e r r M 
TO 
I ’ a 
4to 
* '4 
Tgto 
K e r r M to 
I * 
IU 
K re sge 
3i 
3 + 4 
4+4 
5*4 
3oto 
K re sg e 
4o 
' . 
I 'J lto 
H t o 
K r e s g e 
45 a 
+» 
I 
3o to lo a w s toto 
IO I 
1o+4 
35to 
L o e w s 
3o 
S H 
* 
4 . 
I S H 
I ockyy* 
IS b 11 to 
3 . 
3 5 H 
M i 
D ot' 
SO 
7 '. 
4+1 
Sto 
52 
M c D o n to 
I to 
+4113 I * 
52 
M e re S rn to 
*+4 
I 
44+4 
M e r c k 
TO a 
5 to 
2to 
64 1. 
M e re k to 
I to 
1 * 
I i to 
44+. 
M 
M 
M 
5o 
2+4 t ' l 
Sto 
S I '. 
M 
M 
M 
*o 
• 
I, 
1*4 
S I to 
M 
M 
M 
7o a 
I I * b 
5 2 . 
IS * . 
V o n sa n 
IO 
S ' < 
7 
* 
M o n s a n 
9o 
+* 
* r » lto 
J 'j 
S i * . 
N C R 
3o 
I 
•to 
37’ . 
N C R 
IS 
2 '4 
I ' 1 
4to 
3 7 '. 
N C R to to 
5 I * 
7 . 
1 7 '. 
N w A ir 
25 
3 'I a 
Sto 
9 ' * 
N w A ir 
N w A ir 
IO 
35 a 
’ to 
2 to b 
28’ . 
28 to 
Pe n n i 
2$ 
7+e 
I +4 a 
33to 
P e n n / 
JO 
3 '. 
4'4 
5+4 
33to 
Pe n n I 
35 
' . lto 
I 1. 
3) to 
Pe p si 
TO 
•to a 
I O 'i 
77 to 
P e p si 
IO 
29 I* 
4 ' 3 
IIH 
P e p s i 
P o la r to 
• 
7 to lto 
IIH 
JO 
5 + 4 b b 
35 to 
P o la r 
IS 
1) I* 
4to 
35 to 
Poi ar to 
I I* 
(to 
7to 
IS H 
P o la r 
45 
I 1* 
I I * b 
JSto 
R O A 
TO 
6 . 
*to 
*to 
24to 
R 
C 
* 
IS 
13 I * 
73 1*213 I * 
34 to 
B C A 
3o a t b 
2*to 
Sear s 
4o 
*+» nm 
1*4 
* 5 * . 
S e a rs 
§ P *K fy 
7o 
4o 
“ t lto 
3 
2+4 
4 '« 
*3 to 
*o I 
Sp e r r y 
45 
I to l a 
I 
4 o ' I 
S p e r r y 
SO 
I to 
5 I * b 
4 o ' / 
S y n / p e 
75 
I lf ti 
I b 
S y rtZ o a 
JO 
I to 
I 
I b 
Syntax 
2o lto 
3*4 
4 . 
12+4 
S y n t a x 
J I 
I I * 
I 
'N . 
IIH ta k o rg 
IO 
* ’ « a 
I 
17 >4 
T e » o ro 
T i 
73 to 29 1*213 I * 
17+4 
T e s o r o 
2o 
I I * 
* I * 
o 
17 '4 
Tan in 
9o to 
9to a 
94 to 
T a * in 
IOO 
J I* 
4to 
7 
944, 
Tea in 
11o 
I I* 
I * * 
3 ' 1 
9 4 *. 

T e x In 
T e x In 
U p io h n 
U p jo h n 
U p tohn w e y e rh 
W e y e r h 
W e ye rh 
X e ro x re x 
X e r o x 

E P 
E P 
Am N o s 
A m H o s 
M P 
A M 
P 
Baw ler 
Ba x te r 
Baw ter 
B lk D k 
B lk O k 
B lk O k 
B o e in g 
B oe m g 
B o e in g 
B on, f 
Bot 
C 
C B S 
Coke 
Coke 
C o k e 
Coigat 
C o lg a t 
C m w E d 
C i r * l l ) 
D a ta 
D a ta 
O n D y n 
O n D y n 
G n D y n 
G E U ta h 
U ta h 
, 
Utah 53’a 
D e n F d 
G e n F d 
G e n F d 
Hewlet 
H o w le t 
H e w le t 
H e w 'e t 
In n s h in n s 
H o n w ll 
H on WH 
H o n w ll 

Pi 

12o a 
7 I * b 
13o a to b 
35 
I to 
3to 
4 ' 3 
4o 
I 16 
I ' a 
I 
45 
I I * 
3 I * b 
4o 
3 
4+4 
5*4 
45 
I 36 l t o 
I to 
5o a to 
I 
5o 
*+ . 
I ' . 
9to 
6o 
I 16 21 I * 
3*4 
7o 
I 16 
•a b 
F e b 
TO 
Sto 
M a y 
5 
75 
/ 16 to to w 
J 16 lto lto 
35 a a 
*4 
25 a a 
1+4 
3o 
I 16 a 
7 
35 lto 
5 a 
4o l l It 
7 '. 
I ' i 
45 a to a 
IS 
J * . 
4 to 
5+4 
7o 
9 16 
I ' 7 11J I * 
75 a to b 
35 
7to b b 
4o 
3 
4+» 
5 ' * 
45 l l 16 lto 
29 I * 
3o 
1**2 1 1 16 a 
3$ 
+» 
+ 4 lto 
*J 
7 ', a 
TO 
7 i + i a to 
IS 16 
2to 
4 ' 4 to a to b a 
>4 
Ito 
2+» 
3o 
I 16 
14 
9 16 
3o 
I 
1+4 a 
33 
4 
3 I * 
5 It 
2o 
5 't 
6 
6+4 
25 
17 14 r 1 
I ' 4 
45 
7+4 
9 b 
SO 
4' 4 
4*4 
IU 
6o to 
71 I * 
I 
J* I 
16 a b 
46 to 
• t o 
9 
9+4 
K A 
75 
6 
3o 
I ' . l l 
I 16 
8o 4 'a 
9o 
9 16 
IOO 
I 16 
IIC 
I 16 
IO 
3 '. 
3 16 
* V 
7' 
4o 

F ly to F ly 
M a n y 
M a n x 
M G I C 
M G IC 
M o b il 
M o b il 
M o b il 
N S e m i 
N S e m i 
N Sem i 
N Seen 1 
N S e m i 

SO 
2o 
25 
1o 
35 
11 
TO 
$5 
6o 

7 5 ^ 7 
3o 

9 16 
Hi 

4*7 
V 
7 H 
I b 
16 

 l l * t ' l 
I V 
I 
I V 
V 
2113 16 l l 16 

2 ’ / 
V 
9 'a 
4*1 
1 +. b 
J 17 

I V 

9 I * 
J I . 

UCCI 
R a y t h n 
R a y th n 
R a y in n 
R y h 'd s 
R ynldS urn # u m b um l) 
5 • / 'n 
S o u lh n 
V m a 
St m a st m a 
Ta G it 
T a G U 
U A L 
U A L 
U A L 
U T ech 
U Tech 
U Tech 
J W alt 
J W alt 
J W alt 
W it lm s 
W iit m * 
Total vo lu m e 

 a Wot tra d e d 

15 to to b 
4o 
1 14 
14 b 
45 
I I * 
P b l l 
IO a 
IO 
IO '. 
2o 
5 ' a 
J to 
* 
75 l l It 
2H 
I 
5o 
9 to 
9+4 a to 
17 I * lto 
Sto 
7o a 
' > b 
4 
4to 
7to 
7o to 
Ito 
IO 
IO *. b b 
9o lto 
S ' 3 
7'4 
IOO 
5 It lto 
3 
2o to I 3 >4 
17 I * 
IS 
I Aw 11 I 14113 It - 
SO 
55 
• 
3+e 
8 + 4 
4< 1 
9 l 
4o 
1 1 lto 
7 H 
25 a a 
• to 
3o 
IS It 
1+4 l l I * 
TO 
4 
•to a 
25 
1+4 lto lt o 
3o 
I 16 13 1* l t o 
IO 
6 ’ . 
• 
• 
35 
? * * 
JC . 
4to 
4o 
5 14 
I * . 
7 ' * 
IO 
6 
6to b 
15 lto 
? '• 
4 
4o 
I it 
(to lto 
2o 
5 '. a a 
25 t o n s 14 
27 I * 

9 4 V 
9 4 V 
36*. 
3 6 '. 
J * '. 
43 
43 
4] 
5 * 'a 
5 * V 
5 6 V 

25’ . 
2 5 '. 
’Ii 
77 V 
38 / 
3 ' 1 i i 1 3 
1 * V 
I * V 
19 V 
4 1+. 
4 l+ . 
41 I. 
3 1 V l l ' . 
5 * ’ 3h 
7 1 ' 3 
IS 

JJ $ V 
3o V 
25'1 
25'7 
12’ . s i ’ . 
5 2 ’. b b 
D t o v 
M V 
3o V l l ’ . 
8 1 V 
8 1 ’ . 
B I V 
1 2 V 
17’ a 
46 J 
46 3 
4 * / 
71V 
21 +* 
3 1 V l l V 
I * ’. 
1 9 V 
62 V 
*2 . 
* 7 ’ . 
7 6 V 
2 * V 
7 6 V 
? * V r 

 o p e n interest 
1,5*5 b N o o p tio n uttered 

 f: 

59 
5* p 
* o ‘. 
9o+. 
17+. 
14+* 

TV 
7V 
76 
26 
.6 i6 V 
M V t o v 
I S M 
IS * 
15+ 
2 4 ’ 
24 V 

■ to* 

T IV 
M arket c 
Analysis 

M 
I I M E S 

 i i M u s l i m s 
I n l l - I n . 1 4 

C h ic ago G ra in 

C H IC A G O ( A P ) 
So y b e a n fu tu re s de d in e d a g a in on the 
C h ic a g o 
B o a rd 
Of 
T ra d e F r i d a y . c lo sin g w ith a lo ss of 7 ce n ts a b ushel 
M o st other c o m m o d itie s d o s e d low 
So y b e a n m e a l lost m o re th a n S I OO a ion a n d so y b e a n oil w a s d ow n 25 (joints or t. cent a p o u n d 
W heat fu tu re s de d in e d n e a r ly 3 c e n ts a b u sh e l w h ile o a ts lost I a n d c o rn fu tu re s clo se d on an une ye n tone 
Iced b ro ile rs tell b a c k m o re than V cent a sxjund. re fle c tin g lo sse s in red m e at fu tu re s 
All c o m m o d itie s op e n e d on re la tiv e ly w e a k le v e ls 
T h e re w a s so m e fa irly goo d c o m m e ric a l d e m a n d , bot an a c cu 
•nutation of cell o r d e rs fro m the p re vio u s se ssio n an d an a b u n d a n c e of sell ors p re ve n te d m u c h of an u p w a rd turn 
The d a c iln in g p attern w a s sat in the m a lo r p its m in u te s after the o p e n in g an d r a i n e d th ro u g h to • • close 
T h e re a p p e a re d to b e m e o u tsid e b e a rish n e w s 
L iq u ld a Hon w a s tpe n a m e of the trad e a lth o u g h so m e ot the llq u id a 
Hon w a s of a sp e c u la tiv e n a tu re 
T h p t r a d e w a s m il d l y d is a p p o in te d the e x p o rt c o m m ltm e n t tig u re s is su e d b y the g o v e rn m e n t but it ap n e a r e d th a t th e c o n t in u in g c o ld a n d new sn o w w o u ld offset th is fe e lin g 
It tailed 
T h e re w a s so m e fa ir ly goo d o v e rn ig h t e xp o rt b u s in e s s but even th is co u ld not su sta in an u p w a rd d riv e in p rice s 
At the clo se «4jybeans w ere I to 7 c e n ts a b u sh e l low er 
Jan 
7 o6 w hea t w a s 1+. to 7+. low er, M a r c h 2 76’ 7 , o a ts w ere 1 3 to I low e r. M a r c h 1.77*. a n d c o rn w a s I low er to 1>« h iq h e r, M a r c h 2.61 V 
O p e n 
H ig h L o w C lo s e P r e v 
W H E A T (5.ooo bu) 
M a r 
2 78 
2 78' / 2 75 
2 7 *' 7 2 79 
M a y 
2 84 . 7 85 
2 8 ) '. 
2 o 2 V 7 85 
Ju l 
7 8 9 
2 8 9 1? 2 o6 
2 , 8 7 '7 
2 8 9 '7 
Sen 
7 9 3 '. 2 9 3 '. 2 *2 
2 93+. 2 9 5 V 
Dec 
3 o4' » 3 o4' 3 I OI V J o 2 V 3 OS 
M a r 
3 
1o 3 IO 
3 o9 
3 o9' / 3 l l '7 
C O R N (5,ooo bu) 
M a t 
2 61 
2 62 
M a y 
2 67 
7 67 
Ju l 
7 7 1 
2 71+7 
Sop 
J TO 
2 71 
D e c 
7 69 
7 71 
M a r 
7 75 
7 76' 3 2 74+ 
O A T S (5.ooo bu) 
M a r 
I 73 
I 73*. I 7 )' 
3 I 7 2 V I 72+. 
M a y 
W O 
I TO’ . 1 68 
I 7o 
I 7o*. 
Ju l 
I 65 
I 6 5 '/ I * 4 ’ / I 6 5 'J I 4 4 ’ . 
Scil 
I 59' / 
I 61 
I 59' 1 
I 61 
I 61’ / 
Dec 
I 6 1 *. I AT'7 I A I V 
I 62'7 
I 63 
S O Y B E A N S (5,ooo bu) 

7 6o 
2 
A I V 7 62 
J A 5 V 
2 6 6 '. I 67’ , 
2 69 ’. 2 7 o *. 2 7 1' 
2 68' 7 
2 71 
7 7) 
7 67' j 
2 71 
2 69>, 
2 76' 7 2 It 

 tit OO 456 2o 453 5o 454 
+8 5o 459 5o 458 OO 459 7o 46o IO 
464 5o 465 OO 463 OO 464 OO 465 OO 
469 5o 47o OO 468 OO 46* OO 47o OO 
Spot Commodity Prices (Wholesale) 
P r e y 
Y e a r 

A lu m in u m lh ,N Y 
TO,* * V4 ? * V48 
* ^ ° 
A n tim o n y , A m e ric a n 
I 78 
I 78 
2 75 
C opper 
E le c tro ly tic 
_ 
65 63 
65 63 
64 25 
G o ld troy o7 N Y 131 go 
133 » 132 6o 
S ilv e r, troy o7 
N Y 
C J B 
4 
34o 4 12o 
Le ad , lh 
26 5o 
26 OO 
24 SO 
P ig Iron 
I o b fd ry 
Buffalo . G rss tn 2 1 o 19 
21o 
19 213 97 
P la t in u m .t r y z N Y 162 OO 
162 oo 
155 oo 
Q u ick si yr F Isk N Y 134 5o 
134 5o 
12o oo 
Steel sc ra p , q ro s s ton, 
P h il* C h i 
P it ts 
72 17 
72 17 
76 83 
Tin. lb 
N Y 
4 6118 
4 45o3 
3 /I 
/'P F lb 
37 
37 
39 V 
H e re is the g o ld fu tu re s tra d in g tor r-n d ay 
? P * n 
Ltigh L o w C lo te 
P r y 
C h ic a g o M e r c a n t ile E x c h a n g e 
IOO T ro y o u n ce c o n tra c ts 

Jan 
M a r 
M a y 
Jul 
A u q 
Soil 
N o v 
Jan 
M a 

Jan 
M a r 
M a y 
Jul 
A u g 
Sep 
O d 
Dec 
Jan 
M a t 

I 13 
7 V V 1 Ot 
I Ob 
7 13 
7 18'7 7 21’ J 7 ll 
7 15 
7 19 
7 22 
7 24 V 7 14' J 7 17 
7 22' J 
I 
2 3 '/ 7 25 
7 16 
J 1o 
7 74 
7,17+7 I I* 7 1 2 'j 7 I * 
7 2o 
6 91 
6 91 
6 87 
6 89 
6 9o 
6 74 
6 75 
6 6 9 ' j 6 71+j 6 76 
6 78 
6 78 
6 73 
6 75 
6 8o' J 
6.8o' J 6 85 6 8o' I 6 83 
6 85+1 
S O Y B E A N O I L (6o.ooo lbs) 
7o 8o 
2o 95 
21 29 
71 45 
71 45 
71 55 
71 IO 
71 AO 
21 6o 
71 7o 

IO 8o 
21 o7 
21 35 
21 53 
71 55 
21 55 
71 58 
21 6o 
21 6o 
21 IO 

2o 5o 
2o 6 * 
2o 94 
71 IB 
21 23 
71 25 
21 25 
21 35 
21 35 
71 5o 
S O Y B E A N M E A L (IOO tons) 

2o 55 
2o 73 
21 o2 
21 23 
21 25 
71 25 
21 31 
2) 45 
71 45 
71 55 

7o 18 
2o 73 
21 21 
21 43 
71 45 
21 46 
71 45 
71 55 
21 55 
71 65 

Jan 
211 oo 211 oo 2o* 4o 2*o oo 212 oo 
M a r 
214 OO 214 5o 212 2o 217 5o 214 OO 
M a x 
715 5o 216 oo 213 2o 713 9o 215 oo 
Jul 
714 AO 216 OO 213 5o 71A 5o 214 5o 
A u g 
2 )4 5o 215 OO 213 OO 214 oo 215 OO 
SH ) 
2o5 5o 2o8 OO 2o5 5o 2o8 OO 2o* 5o 
O d 
195 oo 197 oo 195 oo 197 oo 194 oo 
DCX: 
194 OO 19 5 7o 
194 OO 194 5o 194 OO 
Jan 
194 OO 194 OO 194 OO 194 oob 194 5o 
M a t 
195 OO 195 oo 194 5o 194 5ob 194 oo 

M a rk e t Future! 

C H IC A G O ( A P ) 
F u tu re s tra d in g on the 
C h ic a g o 
M e r c a n t ile 
E x c h a n g e 
F r d a y . 
O p e n 
H ig h L o w d e n * 
P r y 
L I V E B E E P C A T T L E (4o,ooo lbs) 
F e b 
A p r 
Jun 

Dec 
F e h 
Sales 

36 6o 
37 6o 
■IO 77 
4) 66 
47 5o 
42 BO 

3* to 
23 
41 66 
62 SO 
4? 8o 

3* 2o 
36 35 to OO 
V 36 
37 55 
V I S 
39 92 39 9 2 4o AO 
41 OS 41 
12 41 77 
41 to 
41 
VT o42 7o 
42 5o 4 2 5o 43 o5 
43 5o 
43 5o 
43 75 
43 35 a 4 j 75 
F e b 4774; A p ril 77848 
Ju n e 18oo 
A u g 478 
O ct 116, D e c 45 
F a b 21 
O p e n interest 
F o b 
16445 
A p ril 
14o2o 
June 7*55 
A u g 3193, O d 941; D e c 386 
Fe b 121 
F E E D E R C A T T L E (42,ooo lb s) 
M a r 
Apr 
M a y 
A u g 
St 5+ 
O d 
N o v 
Sa les 
A u g 18 

39 55 
4o 5o 
4o 35 
4o 4o 
4o 5o 
M a r c h 
Sap 4: O d I; 

38 IO 
38 AO 
39 55 
4o 5o 
4o 35 
4o 4o 
4o 6o 
19o; 

866 
NOV 

Jan 
F eb 
M a r 
A p r 
M a x 
Sa les 

G ash G ra in 

F O R T W O R T H I A P ) 
W heat a . p ort 
93 ; 3 42' i 
Y e llo w c o rn 
2 71 7 1 ) 
O a ts 
2 OI 7 o4’ j 
Y e llo w s o r g h u m 4 TS 4 43 

 s o r g h u m N o 
2 yet 
4 3o 

2 .e tto w e x p o rt 2 13 7 84. ra il 
2 / ?*. I 74+«. tru c k d o m e stic 

H O U S T O N ( A P I low e xp o rt 4 4o 4 45 
4 35 t ru e * d o m e stic 4 35 4 4o 
C orn NO 
' 
? 

)m est 11 
■ B T M 

C H IC A G O ( A P ) — W h e a t N o 2 t o t ' rad w in ie r 
2 73+4o, 
N o 
I h a r d re d w inte r 
?6 6 '4 h c o rn N o 
2 ye llo w I J I 'a h 
(hop oar J, 
2 4*+«n 
(b o x ); o a ts 
N o 
2 e x tra e e r y 
I On s o y b e a n s 
N o 
I y e llo w 
7 Cr? yn 
No 2 yellow corn Thursday was Quoted 
I 7 52n (ho pper ), i 5o (b ox) 

G r a m fu tu re * 
C ity 
B o a / d 
o6 
X A N S A S C I T Y 
( A P ) 
P r id a y cm 
Rte 
K a n s a s 
T ra d e 
W H E A 
(5,688 bu) 
( * t e n 
H ig h 
L a w 
M a r 
2 ™ 
2 74T. 
I T i 
M a y 
2 79' 1 
2 M V 
2 6|*. 
Jul i 8 J V i t s 
J 1 7 V im 
1 n 
2 9 7 V i 8* 
Dec 
J at*. 
? es 
7 bv , 

 r n i T I V 
I 14 
IS 
2 92 V 
I o7 

B u l t e r a n t i 
L g g 
* 

N K W Y O R K 
( A P ) 
- ( U S O A ; 
W h o le sate e gg o f fe rin g s ste a d y , p r ic e * un l*j»B R B B 
C H IC A G O 
( A # ) 
- ( U S D A ) 
- B utt ac s te a d y ^ b u y in g ligh t 
F r id a y 
G r a d # 
A 
9o 12 G ra d e A A a f 34 
E g g s h ig h e r sa le s d e liv e re d sto re d o o r I 
6 or c a rto n s irre g u la r 
A e x tra ig r g a 7$ H T a 1 
I la rg e 7a It 
A m e d iu m s s i l l f t * , J. 

J I o5 
38 IO ll tD l f 8o 
31 12 
38 45 3 8 *o 
3 8 3 o 
3 8 3 o 
38 SS 
3* 25 
3 * 25 
39 57 
4o 2o 
4o 25 a4o SC 
4o 25 a4o 25 to SO 
4o 2o a 4o 25 
4o AO 
4o JO cl 4o 3o 
4o 45 
A p r il 
54, 
M a y 
58 
/s 
I w 
5 * 9 } 
O p e n in te re st 
M a r c h 
*71 
A p ril 
M 6 y KSS. A u g 279. Sep 3oo. O d 13o 

L I V E H O G S o o .o o o lbs) 
F e n 
3/ 
17 
37 45 to 5o 
A p r 
33 « 
34 TO 
33 4o 
Ju n 
U f i U n M T O 
Jul 
37 IS 
37 IO to 25 
A u g 
35 IO 35 75 
34 8o 
O 
' 
J I 35 
33 47 
37 8o 
D e- 
34 JO 
34 SO 
34 OS 
F i b 
3 5 4o 
15 4o 
35 25 d e s 
F a b 1*52 
A p ril 
1121 
Ju ly 142 
A u g 38 
O d 45, Dec 
O p e n in te re st 
F e n 
5453; 
June 1599 
J u ly 1o79 
A u g 877, 
D er 186 
F e h +* 
ID A H O P O T A T O E S <8o,ooo lb s) 
NO op e n c o n tra c ts 

36 SC 
37 IS 
33 41 
34 OO 
35 QI 
36 65 
36 JC 
37 US 
14 lf 
35 45 
32 « l l 42 
34 o5 
34 45 
35 25 
35 22 
Ju n e 312 
12, r e b 6 
A p r il 
294o 

S H E L L R O O S (22,SOO d o ll 
67 to b t * 95 
5 *9 o 
57 25 
52 2o 
48 8o 
A p ril 

6* OO 
*8 5o *7 IO 
SI OO 
57 S St 4o 
5 * 9o 
57 3o 
57 SO S t 95 
57 1o 
St 95 
SI 95 S I 95 
S i 95 
48 M r 
J a n 6« 
Fe® 154 
M a r c h 4; 
M a y o 
O pen interest 
J a n 3* 4 , F a b TRF; M a r c h 
1o5 A p ril r n 
M a x M 

P O R K B E L L I E S (to ,OOO lb s) 
F a b 
53 OO 53 75 S I 2o 
S I 2o 52 OO 
M a r 
S I 
15 U IO 51 SO 
S I *o 52 7o 
M a y 
54 oo 54 15 52 5o 
52 5o 5) 5o 
Jul 
54 6o 54 *o S I o5 
53 o5 54 IS 
A u g 
53 oo 
53 oo 
51 25 
S I M 
$2 1o 
57 55 
57 55 57 4o 
57 4o 
57 IS 
M a r 
5 * 7Jn 57 IS 
Sale-. 
F a b 
OOO 
M a r c h HOO M a y 2*5 
Ju ly l l * A u g vs 
F a b I 
M a r c h o 
Open .m eres) f Bb 
I 6o6 
M a r c h 2,127, 
M a x I l i t 
Ju ly L O IS 
A u g S I I 
F a b IU 
M a rc h 
Bid 
A sk e d 
N o m in a l 

Jrtn ll eg r V x 
/Ape 
/ M a y 
I JHP 
I Jut 
I A u g 

K E D B R O I L E R S (7o.ooo lbs) 
■ 
V a l 
17 IO 
18 45 to 45 
J* lf to HO 
41 o5 
41 OO 

37 8 5 
V IO 
It 45 
Ut 45 
JO *o 
4o OO 
41 AS I 
4 1 OO 

37 OO I 
37 OO to Kl to o5 
19 4$ 
4o 45 

37 IO 
V IS to 15 
Z°tl 
4o 45 

I n e w co n tr ac I 
3o ,ooo lb s 

41 JO 
41 JO 
4o *o 
4o * o 

37 TO v to to 55 sn 
4o 9o 
41 *o 
41 IO 

F o r e i g n 
E x c h a n g e 

N F W Y O R K ( A P ) 
F o re ig n E x c h a n g e d o lla rs a n d d e c im a ls of a d o lla r 
N e w 
Y o rk p ric e s 

The Market In Brief 

N Y S t o c k b e h a n g ? I s s u e s 

 fr t fa r . i i i 
14 

 rn US! 
I w tu t 

 s u i t s 

■ c h a n g e * 

I S I 

I S S U E S 

T M I C I 

D o t l o t o s I i i 
9 7 2 I S - 3 9 9 

NYSE Mn 
V 31- 113 i i J (i«p 
IN i i - I IS 

M e ta ls 

N E W Y O R K ( A P ) 
- 
P itts b u rg h sc ra p steel N o 
I h e a v y w a s quo ted F r id a y by 
Iron A g e at 572 OO 73 oo 

N E W Y O R K ( A P ) - Sliv e r fu tu re s FTI d a y on the N e w 
Y o r k 
C o m m o d ity 
E x ch a n g e 
O p e n 
H ig h 
L o w C l o s * 
P r a y 
N Y 
S I L V E R (5.ooo tro y OI) 
Jan 
M a r 
M a y 
Jul 

Dec 
Jan 
M a r 

433 8o 
434 oo 
435 OO 
43* 5o 
439 1o 
44o 4o 

432 5o 
434 3o 
439 OO 
443 1o 
447 JC 
443 8o 
444 2o 
347 7o 
449 OO 
454 m 
455 IO 
457 OO 
457 5o 
462 3o 
4*7 3o 
Sale*, e stim a te d 
18,ooo 
5 se ttlin g 

S I L V E R ( 5.ooo trey a i) 

454 to 
1457 OO 
462 OO 

433 2or. 434 3o 
435 2os 4to 4o 
439 5o- 44o 7o 
443 8os 445 IO 
448 1ok. 449 4o 
455 7os 456 5o 
457 6 o 458 9o 
442 3os 4*3 AC 

Jan 

 f eh 
A p r 
Ju n 
A u g 
Oct 
D e r eb 
A p r 
Jun 

433 OO 434 OO 4 3 2 oo4 4J3°?o 4 34 OO 
437 OO 438 5o 435 56 4to 8o 437 IC 
44o 5o 442 » 44o OO 441 OO 441 5o 
444 5S J.46 oo 444 SO 445 3o 444 SO 
■ 
'4 ( OO 45o 5o 449 OO 449 to 45o SU to t i s 2o 

M a r 
Jun 
Sep 
Dec 
M a r 
Sa le s 

132 TO 
132 3o 131 SO 132 2o 
132 8o 
133 *o 
133 7o 132 8o 133 4o 
134 2o 
134 6o 
1)5 IO 134 3o 134 7o 
135 4o 
136 9o 
137 OO LIA 4o 1.16 6o 
137 JO 
138 6o 139 SO 139 5o 
M a r c h 
78o. 
June 
22o. 
Sep 65, 

M e r 
A p r 
Ju n 
A u g 
O c t 
D e c 
F a b 

Dec 18, M a r c h 

N e w Y o rk C o m m o d ity E x c h a n g e loo iro y o u n ce c o n tra c ts 
F e b 
111 7o 
132 OO 
131 2o 131 6os 
132 3o 
132 IO 
137 IO 
137 1o 132 1os 
132 BO 
132 6o 
137 8o 132 2o 137 4os 
133 2o 
133 6o 
133 AO 
IJ J OO 133 4os 
134 7o 
1)4 5o 134 SO 134 OO 134 5os 135 JO 
135 7o 
135 7o 
1)5 SO 135 6os 
136 4o 
136 BO 
137 7o 
U A AO 136 9os 
137 7o 
138 IO 
D I IO 
IJT 7o 1 )8 7os 
1)9 OO 
Sale-, e stim a te d I 667 s se ttlin g 

Selected w o rld g o ld p ric e s F r id a y 
I ond on 
M o r n in g f l. m g 
$1)1 25, 
Oft 
$o 4o afte rn o o n fix in g $131 45, up $1 2o 
P a r is a fte rn o o n g o ld tin in g $134 o4, oil 
$o it 
F r a n k fu rt g o ld d o s e $136 o4 up $4 It 
/U rich 
$ 1 )1 o o bid up $ 1 o 1 
$132 oo a ske d 
H a n d y 8. H a r m a n b a se p ric e N e w Y o rk 
$131 8o o d $o 4o 
E n g e lh a r d se llin g p ric e s , N e w 
Y o r k l l 31 95 oft $o TS 

L O N D O N 
( A P ) 
C lo sin g m e ta ls in p o u n d s ste rlin g per m e tric Ion 
Spot 
Futures 
Bid 
Asked 
B id Asked 
795 SO 
796 5o 
829 OO 
829 SO 
552o OO 
5535 OO 
551o OO 5515 OO 
32o OO 
371 OO 
373 OO 
373 5o 
399 5o 
4o1 oo 
416 5o 
417 oo 

C o p p le 

L e a d 

117 
1o7 
IO * '. 
1o7 f l t o 
7o to 
» *+* 
$ * ' j 
14 
84 
U t o 
11+4- +4 
1o7+4 
Io7to 
1o7+4 f '4 
2o 
64' 4 
64 a 
6 4 ', 
6 
4/ 
47 ti to 
It 
72+4 
7 7 '. 
7 7 to - to 
13’ 
98 V l l ' j l l 1 J 
■ t i ' I t i ' 3 
38 1 o 2 V 1 o 1 V 1 o 1 V 
7o4 
48 
4 6 V 
48 I 
I M O V IOO'» 
9 
97 V 9 7 '. 
75 IOO' ( IOO 
6o 1o4 
I M ' 3 
I 
55+x S 
48 
M V 8 5 '. 
M V SS', 
BO' i 
8o 
67 
67 
9 9 V 
99' j 
96 
95 V 
IOO 
73 

IOO' I 
9 7 '. 
IOO 
1 o J V - 
5 5 V 

2o 
79 
7 ll 
76 
I U 1o1' 
S I 
74 
4J 1 o 3 V 1 o 3 V IO )1 

M ' > 
8 o '. 
+ 
67 
4 I 
9 9 ’ j 
9 5 V 
I- 
IOO 
7 4 V + ' 

IS' r 

$ 
61 
3 5 * 
57 
V I ', 
9 
4 6 H 
28 IG I V t i 
It'3 
5 
83 
6 1o4 
35 1 o 6 '. 
21 113*. 
34 
94 
173 
6 o *. 
4 7 
49 ' 3 
74 
79 
2 a 
1o1oo 
47 ll i 
SS 
1o 
54' 3 
16 
5 4 V 
St t i 3 
78 
91 
$ 
* V 
4o2 1 7 **. 
11 
54 

7 5 '» 
51+. 
4 7 '. 
9o' 3 
4 6 V 
1 o P . 
78 V 
83 
1o4 
1o5' i 
137’ . 
97 
59+. 
49' a 
Sv 

75' x 
52 
4 4 V i 
9o' r- 
46 *» i 
1o1 V I 
78’ . 
o3 
1o4 
1o5' / 
137 V i 
92 
AO 
I 
4 9 V < 

A ) * . 
* 3 V 
* 3 * . 

| i '7 to ' I 
M ' r 
OO1. IOC'. IOO'/. 
I * ' 
5 4 . 
5 4 '. 
54' I 
M 
9 7 H 
A V 
IT S ' J 
54 

IOO' 
It 
♦ I 
55 
♦ * 
54+. 
S4 W 
' 
*6 
97 Se t 
* 
A V + I 
12* '. 
54 
IO 
V S' ; 
* $ ' 3 
M U 
2o U S V 175’. I W V t I 

F n 
Thew 
A rg e n tin a 
'p e s o ) 
A u s tr a lia 
(d o n e r 1 
'JU 3* 
I Otis 
oo34 
I OQ/5 
A u * t n a 
(a c h ill**® ) 
B e lg iu m 
(fra n c 1 
o589 
o 2 ’ IOC 
o59) 
o2721o 
B r a ; I 
(c ru z e iro ) 
OBIS 
o*15 
B rita in 
( p o u n d ' 
I 71IJ 
I 7115 
V D a y fu tu re s 
I 4*65 
I IM O 
*o d a y fu tu re * 
I *8 2 * 
I 
9o D a y fu tu re * 
I *71o 
I *72o 
C a n a d a 
( H o n a n 
o 9*71 
o 9*34 
Chile* 
'p e s o ) 
o635 
o*35 
C o lo m b ia 
(peso I 
D e n m a rk rS.ron a ) 
o285 
o285 
1695 
1*92 
E g y p t 
(p o u n d ) 
I 5*oo 
I 5*oo 
E c u a d o r 
( lu c r e ) 
(D/5 
o3/5 
F ra n c # d r a m ) 
7oo6 
K IO 
G re e ce 
(d ra c h m a ) 
OHS 
o2/5 
H o lla n d 
(g u t(Oar 1 
19oo 
3995 
H o n g K a n g (dulle r I 
7132 
I I M lie n t ria l) 
o U 1 I 
o1411 isra e l 
(p o u n d ) 
115o 
115o 
Italy 
(lira ) 
oo1139 OOI 14! 
Japan (ve n t 
Jorda n 1 din t i ) 
oo)47 
OO H JO 
33oo 
TWO k j w a*I 
(d in a r 1 
146/4 s a 1 
1 enactor) 
( p o u id f 
34*4 
M e x ic o (peso ■ 
N o rw a y 
(k ro n e ) 
o5o1 
o5o2 
I M * 
1*92 
P e ru 'W I ) 
o147 
O U I 
Em ,I,p o m e s ( p e w 
13*1 
U S I 
P o t t ugat 
I ase u d u 1 
C i l l n u 
Sa n d 
A r a b ia t ria l; n u 
7o79 
S o u k ' A h ce tre n d ) 
I K U 
I IS M 
S p a m 
' p e s e t a I 
o14$ 
OI 459 
Sw na en 
. r o n e t n t t 
2171 
S w itze rla n d 
'b e n n 
4o14 
*o21 
3o D a y fu tu re s 
o toto 
o 4o41 
6o d a y fu tu re . 
o 4o43 
o 4o5/ 
9o D a y fu tu re s 
o tost 
o 4o66 
U r u g u a y 
(p e w 
249o 
749o v e n e zu e la 
(b o ' iv ar I 
2329 
2529 
W G e r m a n y ( d c h m e r k I 
4173 
419o 
V D a y fu tu re . 
o 4177 
o 4192 tt) d a y fu tu re . 
o 4179 
o 4194 
9o D a y fu tu re . 
o 41o1 
o 4194 

IN .Y. B o n d s 

N e w Y o r k ( A P ) 
F r id a y ’s se le cte d 
N e w Y o r k Stock E x c h a n g e bon d p ric e s 
Sa le s 
$1ooo H ig h L o w Cl O M C h g 
C O R P O R A T I O N B O N D S 
A lco a c v S v s V I 
A A ir l c v 4 .s92 
A T & T 
4 V s 8 5 
A T T 
8 8o+7oo5 
A t c h T & S F * 9 5 
C a n P e c 4 sp e rp 
C h a s B c v 4 ’ »93 
C M S l P P Ss tot 
C iticp cvS+.sOO 
C o n e d 9 V 7 o o o 
C o n A ir c v J ' »92 
C o n tlH C p 7x89 
C ra n e C o 8<-85 
Croc N 
* 356 94 d o p a n t USBI 
E a s t A L ev5 *9 7 
E v a n s C V A '.9 4 
I e d d e rx cv 5 s9 6 
F o r d C r C v 4 ‘ ;96 
G e n In st ev5s92 
A l M o t A cc SS 77 
O n M o t Acc to 8o 
G n M o t A c c *693 
G n T lE l rv to 9 2 
G ra c e c v * ' <x94 
O r a n il c v 4 U 9 4 
Grew tar 
9 ' /s9l 
G u a rd M I 7' ,79 
O H W n C V S ' /YI 
G u ltM O 5- SAI 
H e n In i v * 1 , V9 
H e u d tn cv4> /ti 
H iltn M C V S 1 ,v5 
In t M in c y 4 sV l 
Int P a p 8 85x95 
IntT t cvB Vx O O 
II el C p CV 7s 95 
L T v C p 
1*86 
I n rk h c v 4 ’ .s92 
L o e w s * '» 93 
M G IC CVP,93 
M a r co r A 1 * 8 8 
M c C o r 
7 + .s*5 
M e a n N I 5 956*9 
M K I in c 5 ' /33I 
M o P e 4 'v . 71o5 
M o P a c to B u s t 
M o + ik D C V S' -94 
N C a s h R r v * s 9 S 
N D it l CV 4 /ll 
V IN Y N H 4' iTTf 
O f I 'd p cv I' rn 
P A Ac v 
4 ' rt*6 
P e n n jl c v S /VA 
P e p si c v 4 '. 9 6 
Pti/e r c vb .97 
R f A c y 
4 ' rtt2 
R a p id A m 4688 
R e e v e s c v 4 s9 l 
R e y M C v 4 ' *9 1 
. F l int c v * Mil 
Sear S R 
4+46*3 
Sear x R 
7».xBS 
S e a trn L rv « 6 *4 
Sine lr < v4 '« x B 6 
Seif a ll c v3 .to) 
SlO tl In 6 4ox89 
Ste ve n c v * 9o 
Sta re r C v 4 ' y s lt l e i e d y 
K b o4 la n C p c v * ' .92 
T V A I OSS99 
T e xa co 71.2oo1 
T W A * ' >»/8* 
U V In d CVS+.93 
U n P a c 8+4*85 
U A . r L t v 4 .92 
U S Steel 4+4*96 
W U C p i v * 1.97 
W es Id E l 8 H r 95 
W h ite n c y 5 .n 
K erf). Cvt*,95 
F O R 
I f 
* 
♦ ) '* f l y 
D iv id e n d s 

F R I D A Y S D I V I D E N D S D E C L A R E D 
F e n a b 
H a le 
I R R E G U L A R 
J o h n sto n M utt 
AS 
F S I K a n s a s F u e l 
Sr agr a v e C o rp 
>o 
S T O C K 
Intl K in g s C a lv e 
* 
« 2 tor I stoc k v p i't, s u b le t ! to a p p ro v e 
R e c o rd a n d P a y a b le d a te s urw m nounced 
S P E C I A I 
H a m p ste a d B a n k ll 
R E O U I A K 
A m G a rd e n 
A m Gent t v Sat 
A m a r on Inc 
B e d in A p p a re l 
C a n a d ia n U tilitie s 
C o m m Sa te llite 
F id e l U n L f m s 
F irst C h ic a g o 
F o o d To w n Sir* 
F o re st CNI 
F o rth F in d 
F o u rth f u e l 
F r a n k lin Elec 
G A F C o rp 
O r arid U n io n 
Hem pstead B a n k 
H o m e B e r e t - n a ' k ro g e rx Co 
M o o re TW C o r m c k 
P m k e rK m s Inc 
SIL O u is SAIS F r H W 
S f h n N a i R e s o u rc e s 
Teton R a n c h 

26 ll' 3 
79to i t '. to 
14 
/Qto 
TO 
IO 
- to 
164 
44 
47 to 
46 
2 
o 4 '. 
•4 ■/» 
•4' c f ito 
154 
75+e 
171 179 
75 
75 to 
174' 4 
175 to 4 ito 
25 
QO+k 
9 o 'I 
9 o ' y- 
IO 3o2 '> 
1o2+4 
1o} '1 
IOO 
5 9 '> 
5* 
59 '» 4 i 4 
7 154 
156 
154 
4 
19 
M 
IOO*. f f ' + 
* # 
62 IOO / loOto to 
5 
HH 
7f+. 
76 to 
I 
8 5 * 
B ito l f ' . * to l l 1o1 to i o n . 
1o1+4 to 
33 1 7 5 'j 
124 to 
125+4 t to 
12 IQJto 
•o3 to 
1o3to 
' • 
TO 
98to 
Otto 
99 Fe­ to 
144 1o5'J lOSto t e s ', t 
16 
87 
B ito i i 
2 1 o 6 '. 
1o6' ; 
1o*to f 1+4 
21 
6tto 
6o' > 
41 to t to 
IS 
7 7 >4 
77 
7 7 'x 
4 
JO 
57 lo t ‘ 
56*. 
4 
oo IO ) '4 lo tto t to 
241o1'1 rn lo t t o * 2 
44 
9 * 1 
99*. 
■ IO N B O N D S 
9 * t o F to 

H a of P a y 
• c a rd a b l. 

 ii' ill 

So u rce 
B a n k ot A m e r ic a N e w Y g rk 

M o n e y K a le j 

N E A V O R K 
( A P ) 
M o n e y ra te s tor 
F r id a y 
P r im e ra te * * '. 
D isc o u n t r a t * § '. 
F e d e ra l fu n d s m a rk e t r a t * att I * h igh . 
■»» I* tow, a ll I * close 
D * a ia r 's c o m m e rc ia l p a p e r to i m d a y s 
4+S 4 ’ » 
C o m m e rc ia l pap er p la c e d b v 
(m a n e * o m p e n y I t PO d a y s 46* 5 
B a n k e rs a c c e u ta r u * ra te s d e a le r rn d ic a tio n *. JO 59 d a y ., * 86 a 75 
«o 89 d a y *. tit) t i s , 
9o U 9 d a y s 
4 BS 4 *o 
12o 179 d a y s 4 « o 4 t » i8o T 'o d a y s 
5 Os 5 OC 
C e rtific a te * of d e p o sit 
Jo 59 d a y s. a * * 
*+», turn g a y s 
*+» 4 H 
9o 139 d a y s t i 
4+» 
12o rn d a y * a w a s. tao r n d a y s, 
46* $+. 
Tatar ate money market index 
4 * 4 down 
OI from Thursday up o * for the 

" 'E u r o d o lla r ra t a * o v e rn ig h t 
111 I * It * 
J m o n th s SI I * S i 
I re a r 515 i * * _ 

( 

N E W Y O R K ( A P ) 
U S T re a s u ry B ills for 
F r id a y 

I m o n th $ * i * S M , : 
♦ m o n th s *9 T* » ** 

H i l l 

A m e x 

O p t i o n ? 

O p tio n 
& 
A e t n a 
A etna 
A e tn a 
A m C y a 
A m C y a 
Tim H orn 
A m H o rn 
A m H o rn 
A s a rc o 
A s a r c o 
B e a t F 
B e a t F 
B u rrg h 
B tirrg h 
B u r r q h 
B u r r g h 
C h a se 
C h a se 
C h a s e 
C Tel 
C Tel 
D e e r e 
D e e re 
D ig E q 
D ig F q 
D ig E q 
P 'O E q 
D ig E q 
D ig E q 
D isn e y 
D isn e y 
D isn e y 
D isn e y 
D ' sn e y 
D is n e y du Put du P m d u P n t d u P n t 
,t Ch t C h 
F S I C h 
F st C h 
F s i Ch f s t C h 
O l e ! 
G Tel 
G iller 
O H let 
G ood y r 
G o o d y r 
G re v h d ir e y h d 
J u t! O 
G u lf O 
Here ul 
H e n ut 
H I 
C 
M F C l il l y l il l y 
L illy 
M e re ii 
M e rril 
M e r r ll 
M e s a P 
M e sa P 
M e s a P 
M e sa P 
M r s a P 
M o t rla 
M o trla 
M o t rla 
P t i / e r 
P i n e r 
P h e lp s 
P h e lp s 
P h M o r 
P h M o r 
P r o c G 
Proc G 
P ro c G 
R ile A 
R i l e A 
51 C al 
St Cal 
T R W 
T R W 
T R W 
T a n d y 
T a n d y 
T and y 
T a n d y 
T e x a co 
T e x ac o 
I) C a rn ll C a rli 
(J Cart) 
U 5 
U 
U 
____ 
U S S IO 
W rn I rn 
W rn (.rn 
W e stn g 
W e s ln g 

A M 
T 
A M I 
A S A 
A S A 
A S A 
A yn e ! 
A yn e ! 
C a le rp 
C a le r p 
C on E d 
Con E d 
Of P e p 
1 1 P a s 
I I P a x 
F In e t w f Iw t w 
G ra c e 
G r a i e 
L a P a l 
I a Pac 
L a P a c 
M G IC 
M G I C 
N D is! 
N D ix l 
N o r! S 
N o rl S 
P e n n e y 
P e n n e y 
P e n n *' y 
P e n n e y 
P h il P 
P h il P 
Re x U G 
R e x O O 
R e . O O 
S n a rl* 
S e a rle r 

 im e p im p P 
S im p P 
V n r l g 
S t e r lg leone o 
T e n n c o 
I e n n c o 
T ig e r 
T i ger 
/ e n i th 
/(•ruth 

F rid a y . p rice 
25 

Jan 
14 
Jan 

J 
J I. 
I I * It 16115 16 
3 ' I 
3 ’ « 
4 a 
’ . t i I * 
I e l ls I* 

3o 
35 
25 
JO 
3o 
35 
4o 
15 
2o 
25 
3o 
8o 
9o 
IOO 
I n o 
75 
AG 
3o 
I 
35 
15115 16 
2o t 
3o l l 16115 16 
35 a 
7 16 

Jut C lo se b 
4 % 

I 16 
I 16 
2'. 

5+» 

5 I * 
I '6 
7 H 
7 14 

7’ 3 r * 
H 
J 16 
6 '. 
!+. 
5 16 
7 

H b 
2 ’e 

IO 
4 ’. b b 

75 16 b i 

2 to 

45 
I 

5 6 '* 
6o t o ’* 
4 3 '. 
45 
+8 
5o 
5o ’. 
12o 

5to 
4 b 

4 6 '* 
3 
5o 
13 I * 
4 
5 3 '. I I * 75 I * 
I 16 13 16 a 
+ .11 3 16 
7 *. 
o’ . 
7+. 
4+. b 
3+» 
21 16 
I) 17 16 a 
»* 
8 '. 

I 16 

IO’ . 
5 '. 
I ' * 

5 ’e 
5 
3+S 
7 '. h 
13 

32 to 
32 to 
3 2 ’ . 
2 8 '* 
28 to 
7o1. 
2 8 '. 
28’ . 
1 7 '. 
17’ . 
7 7 ’ . 
2 7 '. 
84 to 
8 4 '. 
8 4 '* 
84 to 

U n 
3 1 ’ . 
16 to 
16’ * 
3o to 
3o >* 
49' . 
4 9 ', 
49’ J 
4 9 ' I 
4 9 ’ , 
4 9 ' J 
46 , 
16' 3 i e ' i 
4 *' V 
4 6 '> 
4 6 ' > 
128 

St 

16o 
I 16 b 
4 '. 
I 1 ; 
A 
IS 
13 16113 16 
19 
I 16 b 
15 b b 
19 
I) 
' ■/ 
7o a a 
6 '. a 
IO 
I ] 16 
I H I 
75 
7 ’ . 
3 '. 
.3o a l l 16 
JO 
7' 3 
] ' . 
25 
I 16 
+» 
IS 
I , 
)4 
2o 
A to 
75 
J ’ . 
4 
3o 
I 16 l l 16 
25 
7 '* 
3 '. 
3o a 
I I 16 
2o 
5. 
Ito 
25 b a 
45 a a 
SO a 
I ' . 
6o a a 
7o 
41. 
5 
75 
3 16 
I '. 
3o 
I 16 to 
7o 
17' j b 
25 
17 ‘4 
17'» 
3o 
7$. 
o$, 
35 
7 ’ . 
4)4 
4o b 
73 16 
45 
6*4 a 
5o 
7*4 
4 '. 
(SO a 
+« 
25 
3 4 
Jto 
.IO 
I 16 to 
35 a a 
4o a 
I ' . 
5o 
8 a 
6o 
1. 
7 '. 
oo 
9 to b 
9o 
I J 
3*4 
IOO a 
5, 
IS l l 16113 16 
7o 
I 16 
I 4 
35 
5 '. 
5 to 
4o 
7 16111 16 
3o 
7 '. a 
35 
2 
7’ . 
IO a 
13 16 
3o l l ' * 
1 2 ', 
35 
7 
7 n 
4o 25 16 
3 ’ x 
45 
'.1 1 1 16 
75 
3o 
7 ’. 
I 16 
3 
+* 
5o a 
9 to 
MI 
J 16 
?+ , 
7o a i* 
45 
TV 16 
4 
SO 
I 16 
IS 16 
SS a a 
S 3 '* 
I 16 b 
IO t o l l ! 16 
35 
I 16 
I* 
15715 16 
V 4 
... - 
. 
Jto 
2o 
I 16 l l 16 l l 16 
F e h 
M a y 
7o 13 16 t i* 
75 a 
' 
15 
5 '. 
6 + 
TO IS 16 
7 ' i 
3 16 13 16 
• to 
4 '. 
IS 
2o 
55 
65 
15 
2o 
15 
1o 
15 to 
15 i t 16 

I to 

1 + . 
5 16 
5 to 

6 + 

2o 
75 
TO 
1 4 '. 
15 
JO 
15 
7o 
JO 
75 
IV / 
2o 
45 

3 16 

I 17 16 
3+» 
4 '. a 15 16 
» 
6to 
I 
7 '* 
* p . 
5 a 
I 13 16 

>. 
I '. 
5to 
5 ’ . 
17 16113 16 

I ’ . 
?+» a 
9 16 
4 to 
5 
9 161 l l 16 
4 '. a 
5 16 to 

- - 
- 
5 to 
5o l l 167 1) 16 
55 
'. 1 5 16 
6o 
NI 
7o 
IO 
15 
IO* 

2o113 16 
IO 
15 

I ’ . 

I ) 16 i 
1o+k 
A '* 
7 to 
3 '. 
■ 
I 16 
A ' / 
7 'I b 

7to I M '. t i i n ' . b 128+4 b 
16 b 
16 
16 
16 
16 
16 
31 
31 
2 7 '. 
27 to 
22'. 
7 7 '* 
1 5 '. 
15’ . 
79 
29 
27to 
2 7 to$: 
45to 
" t o 
45to i t '* 
74’ . 
2 4 '. 
38 
38 
38 
31 
38 
5 2 '. 
S i'. 
5 2 '. 
2’ to 
27to 
1o to 
1 8 '. 
38 
58 
o 9 *. 
o9 to 
o 9 '. 
I ‘.to 
I X '* 
4o to 
4 o '. 
1 7 '. 
3 7 '. 
3 7 '. 
42' . 
4 7 '. 
42’ . 
4 2 '. 
27to 
2 7 ’ , 
5o / 
58’ / 
58’ / 
47’ . 
4 + . 
47 to 
4 7 '. 
3o 
3o 
I7to 
I 7 to 

71 
71 
TO ’ ii 
TO’* 
7 o '. toto toto 
56 to 

2* +‘. 
71 to 
14 toto t o '* 
17 
17 
3o 
1o toto toto t o '* 
IV ' 
19 
74' 
24' 
TO 
2o 
48' 
48 
48 to 
4Hto 
63' 
A) 
TO' 
TO' 
7o 1 
17' 
I7+. 
I* to to t o '. 
16 toto toto 
365* 
12 
17 
24 
24 

79 16 b to 

3 to 

15 I * b 

1 to to 
4to 
7 to t i 
5 *. 
2 to b b b 
IO 
3to 
Jto l l 
5 *. lto 
4 
13 16 
4+. 
21 16 

9 16 
5to 

Jto 
I ' * 

8 ' / 
5 
?to 
I ’ , l l 16 
IO ' 7 
Jto 

2 to 

17 14 h 

3 ’. 
I ’ . 

3+« 
J 1 / to 
6+4 
2 to b 
7 ’ . 
2o 
15 f l l S 16 
2o a 
J I * 
+, 
JO 
«to 
6 to 
A t* i s lto 
7 l f I * 
4o 
<• 
J I * I ) I * 
IO 
2+4 
J 1* a 
15 ' . V 
I * a* 
75 
1115 
1 *21 3 I * 
JO 
3 16 to l l I * 
Total v o lu m e 49,7o4 
O p e n in te re st t,oo9,4)2 a Not tra d e d b N o op tion o ffe re d 

W e e k ly G ro u p A v e r a g e s 
N F W Y O R K ( A P I 
The fo llo w in g list 
...vex the w e e k ly a v e r a g e net c h a n g e tor fbi- c o m m o n s to c k s tra d e d in e a c h g ro u p 
A e ro sp a c e 
A irc ra ft 
< 
A ir T r a n sp o rt i 4 
A uto, t r u c k y to 
A u to P a r t s K A c c e s s o r ie s u n ch 
B a n k s 
S a v in g s & L o a n 
- to 
B e v e ra g e 5fltT D r in k s 
B re w in g , D istillin g to 
6 in I d in g un ch 
C h e m ic a ls 
— to 
C o m m u n ic a tio n 
- 
•. 
C o n g lo m e ra te s 
D iv e rs ifie d unch 
C o fflB H M rs. P a c k a g in g 
D ru g s. M e d ic a l Su p p lie s to 
E le c tro n ic s, E le ctric 
P ro d u i tx to fin a n c e 
I * 
I ondx 
C o m m o d itie s i . 
Fo od M a r k e t s & V e n d o rs unch 
G old. 
S ilv e r 
M otels. M o te .. 
T o u ris m 
>. use’ F u r n is h in g s u nch 
In s u ra n i e u nch 
In v e stm e n t C o m p a n ie s u n ch 
M a c h in e T o o ls A A c c e s s o rie s 
- 
I , 
M a c ro n e r y r m r 
M e ta l f a b r ic a t in g 
4 to 
M in in g (no n m e ta llic I 
M otor T ra n sp o rt l i e 
N o n fe rro u s M e ta ls 
O ffice E q u ip m e n t A S e rv ic e s 
P a p e r 
P u lp 
P e tro le u m 
P h o to P ro d u c t s & S e rv ic e s 
P re c is io n In s tru m e n ts , W a tch e s 
P rin tin g , P u b lis h in g 
R a ilro a d s. R a il E q u ip m e n t 
R e a l 
E s ta te 
R e c re a tio n le is u r e 
R e s t a u r a n t s 
R e ta il 
Tra de 
R u b b e r 
T ire s 
S h ip p in g , S h ip b u ild in g 
Shows, t e e t h e r P ro d u c ts 
M b p s , C o sm e tics, T o ile trie s 
Ste#! iro n 
T e xtile s 
A i.,a re t 
T o b a c co 
U tilitie s E lac t n t 
U tilitie s G a s 

 m g 

(lotion 

N E W Y O R K 
( A P ) 
Cotton N o 
I k tora'. F r id a y bn R n N e w Y o rk C otton E > 

67 AO 
It Mi 

I h e n g e 
O p e n 
C O T T O RE N o 
H ig h 
J (JO 
I ow 
JOO ' t m 
M a r th IS 
6o 4o ti 6o 
M a y 
69 15 
69 33 
Mf MI 
Jut 
69 JO 
69 75 t i os 
Ot I 
67 IS ti r> 
66 SO 
Der 
64 IO 
64 49 t i to 
M a r 

69 l l b * * >o 

< h n u l i ; i I . i v « * * t « M * k 

O M A H A 
N e b 
( A P ) 
IU S D A ) 
L iv e sto rk q u o ta tio n s 
F r id a y 
H o g s 
7 TOC b a rro w s a n d g ilt s fa ir ly a c tive , 
SO to m oetly IS h ig n e r. U S 
I i 2ob JJG lb 4o i i 
4o IS so w s u n e v e n 
Vt) 45o lb ste a d y to 
I Off lo w e r 
45o Att) lb ste a d y to 25 h ig h e r 
JOo #oo lb 13 9o 'Ii TS 
C attie a n d c a lv e * 
I JOO lim ite d t ra d * on la w s , ste a d y fe e d e rs c o n sig n e d tor au ctio n utility a n d l o m m t n et cow * 
22 5o 24 OO c a n n e r a n d cutter 19 oo 73 oo 
Sheep 
N o n e 

* Amarillo Livestock 

A M A R I L L O 
Tex 
( A P ) 
T e x a s P a n handle* a n d W e ste rn O k la h o m a feed lot re port 
So uth w est cotton p ric e s w e re u n c h a n g e d on F rid a y . L u b b o c k c lo se d u n c h a n g e d at 
55 SO cents per p o u n d for stric t low m id d lin g th irty o n e th irty se co n d s inch 
Strict low m id d lin g o n e a n d o n e sixte e n th in ch e s at h o u sto n w a s 
M O O c e n ts per pou nd, u n c h a n g e d , a n d D a lla s d o s e d un c h a n g e d at 57 OO ce n ts tor stric t low m id d lin g inch 

S.A. Livestock t E D F R A I 5 I A I t* 
M A R X F I N E W S SE R V I l t 

( A T T L E . A N D C A I VE S 
R e c e ip ts t h is w e e k e s t im a t e d a t t 5xo a m t c o m p a re s w ith 3.785 last w eek a n d 
7.924 tor the s a m e p e rio d lox! yea r 
C O M P A R E D T O L A S T W E E K 
Sla u g h te r c a lv e s a n d y e a r lin g s $7 4 tow el a n d in lig h t d e m a n d a l m id w eek 
S la u g h te r c o w s v in y u n e v e n , d o s in g abo ut ste a d y after r e g a in in g t h e e d d y w e e k x d o w n t u r n 
S to u g h to n b u tts w e a k to St to w e r 
F eedor ste e rs a n d butts v e ry u n e v e n , w e a k to St to w e l in s t a n c e s St xii low er w ith d e c lin e m a in ly on h io h 
G o a d a n d C h o ic e k in d s that a re on the fle sh y o rd e r I ceder h e ife rs St 2 low er o s d e m a n d tor k iltin g c u lx t s s l a c k e n e d f r o m r e c e n t w e e k 
S lo u g h ie r c o w s m o d * up ab o u t IO p er c e n t o f t h is w e e k s s u p p l y a n d sla u g h te r calve*, a n d y e a r lin g s c o m pt toed a b o u t 8 p e r c e n t 
G o o d to low C h o ic e J75 55o IO feed er c a ille m o d e u p th e m o t o r s h o r e ot th e t a m o in d e r but th e re w e re .e v e io l lots ste e rs o n d b u lls w e ig h in g 55o HOO lbs noted In this week S ru n 
S L A U G H T E R 
I A t V I S 
A N D v I A R I . ( N G S 
G o o d a n d C h o l i e 
JOO 55o lb s eat Iv $17 .” > l l Is. tew h igh d r e s s in g up to $14 m o stly G o o d 
38o 6oo lbs $.’6 75 ,12 w ith tole so li . 
$76 75 ’9 75 S o m e G o o d 5Xo 6 ’ 5 Iii y e a rlin g s S I I 5o 14 few up to S IS eat Iv 
S I A U G H H R C C W S 
U tility 7 J 
S« 3 ,o 26 SO, fe w h i g h d r e s s i n g 
576 5o 76 75 o c c a s io n a l h e a d S.’ 7 
I utter 17o 75 75 ?5, m o stly S.*I 25 a n d a b o v e tote c o d f antler o n d low C ut lei $15 21 75 
S t A U G H T F R 
H U U S 
Y le id or ad e I 7 I o5o I JOO Mrs S ’B 75 l l J , so m e I 7 )s j o tx lh y ie ld g r u d e I 
SJI 75 ll .SO, tew $34 SO 35 
F E L D E R S t i r R S A N D B U L L S 
« h o ise 3oo 4oo lb s 
$16 IS 39 IS. few 
SJO JO IS e a r ly 
4oo 5oo lb s 
$36 IV tew n e a r JOO H is e a r Iv $39 75 4o, 
5oo 6oo It'S S t I SO 36 5o tow $36 75 JI 
G o o d o n d C h o ic e .1oo 4oo Ib5 
S J I ,17 o n d 4oo 6oo lb s 
$.13 5o FA 5o w ith so m e thin JOO SOO th * e a r ly 13? .38 
6oo 835 lb s 
$32 5o 34 
M o s t ly G o o d 
3oo 6oo lbs S I I 75 14 75, m o stly S IJ J4 will) so m e thin otter In g s S IJ 5o 35 25 
2oo too lb s $28 25 J I 25 o n d 6oo 8oo lb s SIO 7'> 13 7x S t a n d a r d a n d tow 
G o o d 
$78 75.11 75 a n d 
S t a n d a r d 
$24 25 7o 75 
M 
E D E K 
H i l l I 8 5 
C h o ic e 
JOO 55o lb s $7o so JO SO. 75o 4oo ll)-. 
$77 IS 79 7X, G o o d a n d I boti e IOO 4oo lbs $25 ’5 2* SO late $25 /$ ll IS unit 
4oo 6oo lb s $77 75 29 25. m o stly G o o d 
4oo 6oo lb s $24 75 7o 25 tote m o stly 
$ 15 IS 76 IS o n d 
75o JOO lb s 
524 75 ll IS 
S t a n d a rd a n d low G o o d 
$.’.’ .'5 75 75 
H O G S 
R et e lb ts th is w e e k I OOO lust week 61.1 o n d lost v e a l ll I 
< U M P A R I D F O I A S ! W E ! k 
B u t to w s o n d g ilts w e re v e ry u n e v e n ab o u t ste a d y ofter lo xin g Ttiexdnv s a d v a n c e or* b a h t r e c e ip t* W e d n e s d a y 
S o w s w e re (fem but not tested atter M o o d ily 
H A R R O W S A N D CUI T S 
U S 
1 2 
71o I JA lb s SIO 18 5o 
I I 2oo 74o lbs 
S D 17 so. fe w la te $36 5o 17 
; i 
21o " C lb s $16 5o 17 on M o n d a y 
‘.D W X 
U S I ! IOO 4oo lb s $77 78 
4(o) 6oo lbs $21 

A N l i o l « ‘ t o u l < ‘ 

I t I I I R A I S t A l l 
M A R X I 1 N I W X S t R V IC E 

W H O ! - E S A I I 
M I A l 
I R A D E 
(le s s them c a r lo t) VVI t x E N D I N G 
J A N l l 
I U M P A R E Cl T O I A S T VVI I k 
C h o li e steel a n d be d e l tree! ste a d y to S I h ig h e r 
G o o d ste a d y t ow tie et s t e a d y 
H u ll b e e t St h ig h e r 
C u lt s t e a d y 
G a u d n o d ( h o n e b r e t 
P r im a l', 
H in d a u a i le i ii w e u k to $7 to w e r t n c e rtiia r t o r s w e u k to S t low er 
S q u a re n it ( h u c k s ste a d y ta 
S I h ig h e r 
A r m ( h u c k s S I l a w n 
R o u n d s w euk to $7 low er 
R 1U5 $4 14 tow er t r im m e r ! lo in s w e a k to SS low er B o n e le s s r ow a n d b ull b eet 9o per cent le an S I h igh e r 
S I I E R A N I ) M E It I R H I E t 
I h o n i- JIH) 7oo lh 
$64 t i S lu m lo r d l im y .nod I I 
15o 611o 1b-, 
$6 164 
( O W B l I I 
B i r a k in g U tility l l 
$47 
H u llin g u tility 
I J, SSO c iin n rr a n d C u t in $57 
U U U 
Y ie ld g ru d e I 7, 6oo lb s a n d 
UP SAI JOO 6oo lbs 
S5V 
I A L f 
G o o d u n d c h o ic e 
ISO IOO 
Hi* . $61 
B t I I P R I M A L S 
Y ie ld I 4 
M IN O O U A K 11 R S - 115 18o lb s 
( h o u r l i t t i (rood, $74 8 J 
F I I R F Q U A R I f R S 
178 19o lb s 
Goort (Hid I h o n tx $53 56 
S O U A R I 
C U T ( H U I k S - 5o oo lb s 
G o o d a n d ( hole r, $69 6 J 
A R M C H U C K S 
- 
5o 9 o (b x 
C h o le r $55 59 
R O U N D S 
5o 85 lb s 
( N o l i . 
, 
$ 7 * 9 ? G o o d S/7 91 
R I B S - IS IX lb s 
(b o r e e $ o X 9 o 
G o o d $81 94 
I R I M M ! U I D I N S 
4o IO lb s 
I hoi« e $1oo I IO G o o d Sv5 1oo 
B o n e le s s (o w b re t 
VO p e r c e n t leon 1/6 
B o n e le s s b o b beef 9o p er cent Ir a n 
SMI 

S . \ . 
I 
« * c l i o i 

F F D ! R A I S t A f t 
M A R K E T N I W S SE R V IC E 

D I R E C T S A I I s I U R S O U T M 
A N O S O U I M I A S I T L K A S W I L F 
E N D I N G J A R l l 
( O N I I R M ! D 
I. IOO 
T r a d e i n 
S o u t h a n d S o u t h e a s t T e x o x p ra t tie o ily nt a sta n d still .H H # lo b ' lin t we ex 
D e m a n d lig h t cm d f e e d lo t s c a p u l i x i i y lit t le I n q u i r y 
V e r y lim ite d v o lu m e i r in g ' c in e o l* b r m u 
. put talc k on trr-d d o r to th r e . f r r m e iv p o o r c o n d it io n ', p l th e f e e d lo t s 
,* cU oxed b y l o id m u e d c o in y w eather 
( u t i l e t o r ttie m u s t p u r l a c e r # 
It c o ld ly m u d d y d u d uclditionol she in . tx tieing a p p lie d lo m o st c o m p le te d scil#* 
In a le w * la u g h te r ste re s sole) ta Ic ?si t r a d e 
S l o u g h i e r h e i f e r * ste a d y lo xii c e rris tower a n d w euk a l lh # d o w n t u r n 
A ll ■ a ttle a r # f U M feedlot rim) u s u a lly slit o a k 4 p e r c e ld pone ll u n d tor d e b y e i y w ith in 
IO d a y s 
S t A U C H T t R S I I I R S 
A p o u t IJ S he a d (ro o d a n d ( h o u r 7 J ne a r I OOO tbs 
S U so ie i cmd s t a n d a r d u n d 
G o o d I 7 IOU lb s S ic 
S i A U C H t i R H i l t I R S 
G o o d a n d ( h o n e 7 I /SO *5o It)* S M IS ll 
Kite I ibm it ISO h e a d ut l l * Is M e e tly 
G o o d IUD IIS lb 
$15 SO 16, lu te 
S IS SO, tow s h o d lo a d s S t a n d a rd curd 
G o o d I 2 4 to 65o lb s S IS SO I * SO tole last w ee. 

(,M < T H I ( K S 

I 
W I i r f I 
D r i v e . 
S h o r t 
I i 
I oru* W hpfl Bust* V an d u ru s 

I * S u b u r b a n s 
11 N I» \ I I. k SO N 

P o n t i a c . ( i M i . 

M e stim a te d re c e ip t* a u to an d c a lv e * 
J OOO, h o g e 
$ ooo hej|m 

O 
V 
E 
R 
T 
H 
E 

C 
O 
U 
N 
T 
E 
R 

Q oototoo n* fro m the M A S O a r e 
■ ( to e s * " lo lly # in fe r d e a le r p m * * o s of a p p r o x im a te ly l p m in fe r d enier m a r k e t * c h a n g e th ro u g h o u t 
(he d o * P u c e * do emf in clu d e recoil m a c * up m a r * d o w n or 

J o n 
I*. I t ll 

D b * u nii? 
I 
1 IC 
2 17h 
2 to 
I 17 
3 24 
3 31 
4 S 
* I 
4 U 
4 71 
4 a*1 

B J A s k y i d 

4 se 4 J I 4 
4 56 4 32 4 „ 
4 55 4 39 4 4/ I 
4 5 * 4 4o 4 4o 
4 57 4 37 4 44 
4 Si 4 1 / 4 44 I 
4 54 4 4o 4 49 
4 54 4 44 4 SJ 
4 55 J 43 4 52 
4 54 4 44 4 ST I 
4 54 4 42 4 
4 56 4 48 4 
4 
« 
: 
* 
4 
„ 
4 59 4 51 4 62 I 
4 AU 4 54 4 65 
4 61 4 59 4 TI 
4 o* 4 5o 4 TO 
4 *2 4 4* 4 JI 

4„.i,..4-a L ,.4l , u 

31IS 

4 7o 4 62 4 75 
I ( I 4 o ) I It 
4 74 I 66 4 IC t i s t t i t a t It t St t l l 
4 TV 4 71 4 $6 
4 IC 4 72 4 f i 
4 *o 4 74 4 *o 
. ./ 
4 o2 4 74 4 91 
6 2o 
4 
I i 4 71 4 9o 
6 JC 
4 I ) 4 77 4 94 
4 *5 4 79 4 97 
4 o5 4 o3 5 DV 
4 89 4 KS 5 oa 
4 96 4 oo 5 IG 
14 

7 14 
' a 
I 23 
9 a 

11 3 
12 13 

T O 

4 9 * 4 93 . 
M M I 
5 I 
( R 
M 
I V r 
5 o2 I 9« 5 23 

o2 5 OO 5 2/ 
Sub.re I to I 'ajee at 
< • *• * bat not to 
V tcM atnscnrieiaxa* 
— 
— 
— 
1- 
. 

W o o l 

A lo m a S d xii 
Arnee 9 d r * 
A m m # *t 

B e x a r ( i tu te la r nt 
C om en P fo p 
D u ta p o m t 
D o rc h e s te r G a s 
Ct P a s o Clee 
Foe est U n 

 thor 

N B W Y O R K ( A P ) 
WOP! fu tu re s d ig not tr ade tod ay on the N e w Y o r k Cotton 
E x ^ - S R U * 

F f S o t " B k 
F ro st Bx 
G o d i n r r g y 
H u n g * D a n 
H e n r y S M 'tt. 
K e lly F ie id N I l o o # Star H ie 
M e re of T • Ct 
M ete ut l< P l 
M e r c b o n !* 

 n b i gf I # * 
.O ly m p ia B le w 
R id to 
R o sh i 

Shat) Pts 

S t o g y & M r 
T e x a s intl A 
T poe t at x 
1 1 (u n sp e n t L U 
(W e a th e rfo rd Intl 
I W in n * 

 so n 

19 i 
U t 

)+ , 
I t » 

] SE 
C U B I | 
■ ? 
NOW 

In d it** e a s y * J t t t l c a ll a i 

 t o d a y a n d w a ll p u t y o u r l o w c u * t a d in p u n t . 

F o r a n t r a c a t h , s a il 
I ho** Bott clu b *, , , now! 

Coll 225-1666 

A 

Page 
I 4-C 
San Antonie EXPRESS-NEWS— Saturday January I 5 I 9 7 7 

Mickey Gilley signs to perform af rodeo 

Mickey tiilley. currently one of the hottest country and western artists in the nation. Friday was signed as a special guest performer at the San 
Antonio Livestock Show and Rodeo. 

He will appear at performances Feb. 
It through Feb. 17. E l I’iporro also will 

 be a guest star the same nights. 

“ Don’t the Girls Git Prettier After 
Closing Tim e” and “ bawdy, Miss 
Clawdy” are two of Gilley’s recent re­ cordings which took the No. I spot on country and western ( harts in San An­ tonio. 

Interchange accidents eyed 

The State Department of Highways and Pub­ lic Transportation is investigating the high traffic accident rate at the THIO and IH41o interchange near Wonderland. 
Mal Steinberg of the department said up to 
IHI).(Hid vehicles puss through the interchange each day. 
Recent figures compiled by the department show there are as many as .'133 accidents per KIO million vehicle miles traveled through the interchange. 
“ Above 3IMI accidents is considered high and when you hit that number you want to look around for something to do,” he added. 

Public m yeling tit solicit ideas has been s c h e d u le d by hi fib w a x d e ­ fat r t m e a t in M u n d e r f u n d Shttft- f ti tiff (. i Iv at 7:3o p.m . Feb. 2 

Although engineers have come up with some suggestions, a public meeting will be held at 
7:3o p.m. Feb. 2 to solicit additional ideas. 
The meeting will be held in Wonderland 
Shopping City. 

Steinberg said there are two major problems with the area. 
The entry of traffic onto 11141o eastbound directly east of Fredericksburg Road is in direct conflict with traffic moving from IH41o eastbound onto HUO southbound, he said. 

Also, the official said, traffic flowing from 
1H41o w estbound onto 111 IO southbound must cross several lanes of traffic within a half-mile stretch in order to exit at Wonderland Drive. 
Although Steinberg said most accidents in the interchange are minor fender benders, two fatal accidents have occured in the last two years. 
STERLING 
SOUND. 

I— 

I 

_______ 
, 
° V t h V o 
^ 
^ 
E ST " 

717 N.W. LOOP 41o 
341-8111 

3 
J 
% 

AKAI AS 1o7o 

AM/FM STEREO RECEIVER 

5 o W A TT S PER CHANNEL 
MINIMUM RMS AT 8 OHMS 
FROM 2o TO 2o. OOO HZ WITH 
NO MORE THAN o.3% TOTAL 
HARMONIC DISTORTION. 

REG. 695.oo 

PIONEER 

PL 112D 

BELT DRIVE TURNTABLE 

REG. 
1oo oo 
A 
^ 
, 4 
A 
^ 

Y r V V f y m' 

% 

TECHNICS by Panasonic 

SL 23 

FREQUENCY SERVO 
BELT-DRIVE TURNTABLE 

 with AUDIO TECHNICA 
13ooE CARTRIDGE 
REG. 199.9o 

1 
*> 
, 
A 

TECHNICS by Panasonic 
SA-85ooX 

SUPER POWERFUL 
AM/FM RECEIVER 

ONLY 

STR-7o45 
Famous Sot .id 
AM -FM STEREO RECEIVERQuality 

Produces 3o watts RMS per channel, minimum at 8 ohms from 2o to 
2o,oo Hz with no more than o.2% total harmonic distortion. Drives two sets of speakers, accepts 4- 
WAS 37o.oo channel decoders, two auxiliary sources, and has numerous super- 
- lative. features. 

ELECTRO VOICE 
EVS-16B 
THREE WAY 

SPEAKER 

12” WOOFER, 
5” MIDRANGE, 
CONE TW EETER 

REG. 
139.9b 

ELITE 
MODEL 45 

THREE 
WAY 
SPEAKER 

12" WOOFER, 
6 MIDRANGE. 
4” TWEETER 

REG. 99 95 

CLASSIC 

L —65o 

THREE-WAY SPEAKER 
12" WOOFER. COMP. HORN 
MIDRANGE. WIDE DISPERSION 
TW EETER 

SWB SX 1o1D 

CASSETTE TAPE 
RECORD/PLAY DECK 
WITH DOLBY 
NOISE REDUCTION 

REG. 179.95 

BSR 2oo BAX 
DELUXE 
BELT-DRIVE 
CHANGER 

WITH 
CART 

REG. 
139.95 

MARK 
BSR 

COMPLETE CHANGER 
WITH BASE. DUST COVER 
AND CARTRIDGE 

REG. 
69 95 

MECCA IN DASH STEREO 

8 TRACK TAPE PLAYER 
WITH AM/FM RADIO 

CRAIG 3513B 

IN-DASH AM/FM STEREO 
RADIO WITH CASSETTE 
PLAYER 

FACTORY R EFU R BISH ED ­ 
LIKE NEW!! 

REG. 99 95 
. e a . i A ▲ a , r n 
- * * » - t m 

CRAIG 3145B 

IN-DASH AM/FM STEREO 
RADIO WITH 8 TRACK 
TAPE PLAYER 

FACTORY R EFU R BISH ED ­ 

LIKE NEW!! 

AM/FM/CB RADIO ALL IN ONE 
IN DASH UNIT FOR LESS THAN 
THE COST OF A GOOD CAR 

STEREO ALONE!! 

SANYO RP 8o2o 
CRAIG 41o2 

 rn 
GSS.. 

EIGHT TRACK 
RECORD/PLAY DEC! 

REG. 
99.95 

• it ay 

23-CHANNEL 
CB MOBILE UNIT 

ONLY 

AUDIOVOX 
COSC 2o 

CAR STEREO SPEAKERS 
WITH 2o-OZ. MAGNETS 

RECEIVERS 
TURNTABLES 
SPEAKERS 
CB UNITS 
CAR STEREO 
ACCESSORIES 

WAS 
NOW 
Dual MOD 2D 
WAS 
NOW 
Pioneer SX45o 
AM EM Stereo 
2oo oo 
149 95 
Complete Changer 199 95 
159 95 
Technics SA5o6o 
BSR Mark IV 
99 95 
79 95 
Demo* Only 
169 95 
134 95 
Technic* S12o 
Sony STR7o45 
AM FM -Stereo 
37o oo 
249 95 
AT I 1ooE cart 
I 39 95 
99 95 

Craig H5oo 
Only 
99 95 
BSR 262o 
I 19 95 
79 95 tRC 146o 
189 95 
I 19 95 
Dual 51 Ow B 

Technics SA535o 
DC&AM3ooE 
291 8o 
199 95 
AM EM Stereo 
349 95 
229 95 
Sterling Elect. 

Akut AA 8 1o 
46 15oo 
89 95 
59 95 
AM EM Stereo 
199 95 
139 95 
Garrard 125S8 
1o9 95 
75 OO 
Kenwood KR 34oo 
AM EM Stereo 
259 95 
179 95 
Technics SA 8 IOO 2 4 CEiannel, 
I 
TAPE DECKS 
299 95 
■____________ 
A/w im Aiel mo o«r.Tj 
Kenwood K l ! 3ooG AM Em 
Akoi GXC 39o 
Stereo Toner 
139 95 
1o9 95 
Dolby Cassette 
275 oo 
219 95 
Sony STR7o55 
Akoi 4oooDS 
AM EM Stereo 
45o oo 
329 95 
Reel to Reel 
299 95 
239 95 
Sony STR/o65 
Teat A 17o 
(Demo | 
55o oo 
429 95 
Dolby Cassette 
249 95 
199 95 
Kenwood KR 14oo 
Teac A234o 
AM EM Stereo 
179 95 
139 95 
(Demo) 
849 95 
639 95 
Kenwood KR 884o AM EM, 
Tear A45o 
2 4 CEionnel 
(Demo) 
499 95 
399 95 
Stereo (Demo) 
699 95 
499 95 
Teoc A2JOoS 
Sony STR7o25 AM EM Stereo 
Reel to Reel 
629 95 
479 95 
(Demo) 
26o oo 
199 95 

WAS 
HOW 
WAS 
NOW 
Eler trovoice 
Andi TM5oo 
EVS I 38 
79 95 
49 95 
CB Antenna 
29 95 
19 95 
Classic I 25o 
69 95 
39 95 
Andi SWR 9 
Electrovoice 
Meter 
19 95 
12 95 
CVS MB 
1o9 95 
79 95 
SWB Slide 
Pioneer HPM4o 
15o OO 
119 95 
Moon! 
7 95 
4 95 

Craig 9431 (pr ) 
59 95 
39 95 
Knket KC35 
14 95 
IO 95 

Wold AX 8 
59 95 
24 95 
And) MMC 1o1 
Mag Moent 
24 95 
19 95 
Pioneer CS99A (Demos) 
4 Way 
25o OO 
189 95 
Royce I 658 
Only 
129 95 

Classic I 23o 
E F Johnson 
Two Way 
59 95 
29 95 
132 
259 95 
199 95 

Elite A 3o 
Poce DX23ooB 
T wo Way 
59 95 pr 
39 95 pr. 
23 Ch. Base 
249 95 
129 95 

Wold A 2o 
Poce CB 1ooo8 23 Ch , 
Two Way 
39 95 
19 95 
S S 8 Base 
449 95 
269 95 

 fisher XP 5 
Shakespear C B. 
Two Way 
69 95 
39 95 
Antennas 
All Models 25% OH 

Classic I 35o 
Royce I 6538 
Three Way 
99 95 
69 95 
23 Ch. Mobile 
159 95 
1o9 95 

Elite A 4o 
Craig 41o4 
Two Woy 
89 95 pr 69 95 pf 
23 Ch. Mobile 
169 95 
79 95 

Classic I 45o 
Johnson 25o 23 CH Bose 
Three Woy 
149 95 
89 95 
(Demo) 
244 95 
169 95 

Altec 
Johnson I 3o 
Model Five 
169 OO 
129 95 
23 Ch, Mobile 
199 95 
139 95 

WAS 
NOW 
• JIL 848 In-dash 
AM/FM 8 trk, 
179 95 
119 95 
'Craig 31 46 in­ dash AM FM 
149 95 
119 95 iCratg 9414 
Speakers 
19 95 
12 95 
SWS FCM91 I 
EM Converter 
29 95 
19 95 
Audiovoi MSS IO 
Car Specters 
14 95 
9 95 
Mara CASS Cos* to 8 trk. conv 
39 95 
31 95 
Audiovoi. 
ID 4oo 
I 19 95 
89 95 

Sanyo FT 4o2 
Mini Cassette 
49 95 
39 95 
Sanyo FT 1oo1 
8 frock 
79.95 
63 95 

Rom Ko727B 
Headphone* 
Recoton ST 16 
Headphone* 
Maid) UDO 9o + storage cove 

3M HC6o 2 pal. cassettes 
On Guard Smoke 
Alarm 

Fu//bu*ter 

Sharp £18o16R 
Coley ta tor 

WAS 
NOW 

34 95 
19 95 

14 95 
9 95 

14 95 
1o 95 

Only 
I 19 

39 25 
29 95* 

1o9 95 
87 95 

I I 95 
7 88 

Craig 94o5 
Speaker* (Pair) 17 95 pf 12 95 pr 
Craig 3511 
Cassette 
69 95 
54 95 
Craig 3517 Cassette, 
W T M 
79 95 
63 95 
Sanyo FT 875 AM FM, 
8 Track 
139 95 
1o9 95 
Sanyo FT 4 14 
AM FM Cassette 129 95 
99 95 

MISCELLANEOUS 

WAS 
NOW 
Sony HP 169 Compact 
Stereo 
3oo oo 239 95 

Panasonic RE 8176 Compact 
Stereo 
199 95 
159 95 
Adversary T V. Pong 
Game 
99 95 
79 95 

Panasonic RS 862 2 4 Channel 
Stereo 
449 95 299 95 

HURRY! QUANTITIES LIM ITED! SHOP EA R LY FOR THE BEST SELECTION! H URRY! 

S h o p p e * 
Lhciiq* j 

FOR PARTICULAR PEOPLE 

DESIGN HOMES, one of the prominent building firms showing homes this w eekend in Son Pedro Hills, will hold an open house on Shadow Cliff 
Design homes shown in San Pedro Hills 

Particular people. They're the ones who make everybody work a little harder. 
They always expect and require thai extra effort. 
If you’re among these very particular, then enter the world of 
Design Homes in San Pedro Hills and find just what you’ve been looking for in a new home. 
Especially developed 
For starters. San Pedro Hills is a very special residential community. It s especially developed for natural living. 
Sun Pedro Hills offers peaceful, easy living in the beautiful woods of northern San Antonio. 

San Pedro Hills means light-hearted times in the excitement and relaxation of the outdoors, with the finest swimming and tennis facilities and a special, unexpected convenience of a city park and future school site centrally located — plus a shopping center at the entrance. 
Design homes of San Pedro Hills also are very special. 
Created in a variety of architectural moods, from the tradi­ tional to vibrant contemporary, the new Design homes blend with the forest. 
Each design emphasizes the natural setting, taking advan­ tage of wide open areas, courtyards and dram atic window 

 placement to flood the home with light and complement the entire floor plan. 
Three and four bedrooms, spacious living areas, double hearthed fireplaces, creative kitchens, custom paneling with built-in bookcases are all included in Design homes in San 
Pedro Hills. 
Come out this weekend to inspect the model. Drive north on 
San Pedro Avenue from N.W. Loop 41(1 four miles to Brookhol- low to San Pedro Hills. Turn right on Brookhollow, turn left on 
Heimer and follow Heimer to Shadow (Tiff. Turn right on 
Shadow Cliff and go three blocks to the model home. 

NEW HOMES 
TOWNHOMES 
APARTMENTS f i l l l l zl/dT 
San Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS- •Saturday January 15 197/ 
Page 

COMMUNITIES 
FOR ALL KINDS 
OF LIFESTYLES 

LARGEST CLASSIFIED AWD REAL ESTATE SECTION IN SOUTH TEXAS FOR MORE THAN IOO TEARS <> I 

 eiA SSi#«o DUAiAT 
CLASSIFIED DI SALAT 
CLASSIFIED DI SALAT 
CLASSIFIED DISALAT 

TREES ARE NICE. 
BUT 
IN 
YOUR, 

 q ) ild in )o o J 

■ R E A D Y * 

A ti 

BACKYARD, 
THEY’RE GREAT! 

Everyone loves trees. And next to owning a home, having your own special trees is probably most desirable. In The Great Northwest, you can have b o th .. .a new home and all the beautiful trees that surround it. 
The Great Northwest is great living. . .with gently rolling hills covered with beautiful native trees. . . a community clubhouse with swimming pool. . . lighted tennis and basketball courts, and great new homes by top notch builders. See The Great North­ west today. . .furnished models are open until dusk. 

I ofV fiirM iN T of 

FEDDERS y magic c h g 

• NO CITY TAXIS 
• M A T U S IK SCHOOLS 

BURNS 
COMPANY 
884 8791 
CORTIS 
DEVELOPMENT CO. 
884*1128 
ROYAL 
CREST 
884 8198 

Move in Right Away! 

Includes complete carpeting • Fireplace • 
, f 
Built-in electric kitchen with self-cleaning 
^ 
— >% range, vent, dishwasher, disposer • Energy- 
<. 
V* V 
• saving features • Finished double garage • 
A 
2 full tile baths • Patio and fencing. 
- 

T 

NO DOWN & NO CLOSING 
COSTS, VA 
NO CITY TAXES MEANS 
LOWER MONTHLY 
PAYMENTS 
'* 

Cash price: $35,55o. No down payment and no c l o s i n g c o s t s . VA m o r tg a g e 
$35,55o. 36o equal monthly principal and interest payments of $261 OO for 3o years at 8% Annual Percentage Rate. 
Principal & Interest 
..............$261.OO 
Taxes (County, State. School) . .. 
6o.25 
(No!) City Taxes .......................... 
o- 
Insurance 
. 
17.75 
TOTAL MONTHLY P A Y M E N T 
$339 oo* 
Ray Ellison 
Homes 

Near UTSA. USAA, Medical Cen­ ter • Northside Schools • Easy access to expressways 

Furnished models open daily until 
8 p.m. Take Bandera Rd. 3 l/z mi. north of N.W. Loop 41o and turn right at the Wildwood sign. 
Ph. 681-3o2o 

San Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— Saturday January 15 I9 7 7 

* 
5*- 

FRANK CORTE 
SA A A title to Corte 

Realtors can come to your aid 

Tho presidency /of tho 
San Antonio A partm ent 
Association for 1977 w ill he occupied by a man fam iliar with every aspect of the apartment business. 
Frank 
J. 
Corte, co ntractor, b u ild e r, de- 
\ eloper and apartm ent twiner, w ill be sworn into 
Office by Attorney General 
.h)hn H ill during formal 
«JbrOmonies Tuesday, Jan. 
'Jo. at 
T u rtle 
Creek 
{$>iortry Club. 
In accepting the role of trader for one of the na­ tion's largest and fastest 
Rowing apartment organi- 
^iitions, Corte looks for 1977 be a banner year for his 
Industry. 
•J*'Tho market situation 
Jar San Antonio owners has fin a lly brightened more 
(hon it has iii four years. 
Our efforts in 1977 should 
J*- aimed at keeping our 
♦Market firm and giving 
Additional information to 
<$>ch owner so he may lnake educated judgments regarding his operation.” 
I*Corte, born in Hearne, fenced to San Antonio iii 
1*o1 
He served two years nj itll* United States Marine 
CHyps and received his for- rual education iii Alameda. 
C^ilif Presently he is pre­ sident of both Quest Homes 
Inc. and Pioneer Home 
B uilders Inc. 
He is a 
R uiner iii Corte-Johnson 
Heal 
Estate w ith 
Ben 
Stimson. 
F rank 
Corte. 
49, is iiia irm a n of the Bexar tenuity Housing Authority. 
J^silrd member of the Bexar 
Goimty Water Control His 
JfU’t (No. 18) and past firm ber of Hie Board of 
I ,lr, % . n 
M edian 
»;tbe median price of new heroes actually sold so far 
QjitAeur is $4;$.7511, up from pi (J *1975 median price of fcJii.fNMI. The sharp rise iii 
Br^ees so far this year, fejiwt'ver, may be more a 
{vfleetion of what is selling 
Father than un accurate 
{ auge of housing prices. 
*ppcr and middle-income families were the first to isom er both financially 
|nd psychologically from fbe recession 
When you hove this type of market, 
{^pensive homes are going pi sell faster than inexpen- i\w models and the median 
Brice is going to go up. bi 

Adjustments, City of San 
Antonio. He served during the past year as a board m em ber for the Texas 
Apartment Association and has served on the board of directors of the SAAA. 
The past five years have been a transition period for 
Quest Homes and Pioneer 
Home Builders. Corte suc­ cessfully guided his com­ panies out of the single-fa­ m ily business into apart­ ment construction. The firms now own 7o2 rental units. 
The 
In sta lla tio n and 
Award banquet will honor to rte with a cocktail re­ ception beginning at 6:3o p in. in the Grand B all­ room at 
T u rtle Creek 
Country Club. 

Real estate department commenced 
Ken N ietenhoefer, president of KUN Co., lias announced the for­ mation of the new KUN 
Uo. Heal E state De­ partment. 
Heading up the new operation is Sid Bernhard. a 1973 graduate of Churchill 
High School. Bernhard, al­ so experienced in general construction, has logged two years in d istribu tive education at San Antonio 
College and has completed 
99 hours of real estate edu­ cation In his new capacity at KUN Co., he w ill list and sell new and pre-owned homes, farms and ranches and suburban acreage. 
Also joining KGN Co. as its p resident’s assistant and secretary is Cindy Bu­ chanan. A 1975 graduate of 
Boerne High School. Ms. 
Buchanan was chosen as a member of the N ational 
Honor Society and won the outstanding business stu­ dent award during her sen­ ior year. Before coming to 
KUN Co., she was employed at the University of Texas 
Health Science Center. 
KUN Co., of course, is al­ so engaged til custom home building in the northwes­ tern Bexar County - Boerne areas. Its offices are on 
N AV. Ill 19 at Leon Springs. eufprarwm iT--------- 

 iPfCIAL TO m f GOLDfN TWINS 
The Board of Real­ tors can be your 
“ helper" at one of the most critical times of your life. 
A home is almost always the moat expensive item a family buys, and the steps involved in buying or selling it make this process one of t In* most complicated and emotionally draining experiences in one s life. 
Wise plan 
It is wise to have a pro­ fessional real ('state helper when the tim e comes to make that purchase or sale of an existing single-family home. It is especially wise to find this helper through a local board of Realtors, says National Association of Realtors President Phi­ lip C. Smaby. 
Recent changes in mortgage rates for Federal 
Housing A dm inistration and Veterans Administra­ tion home loans make it even wiser to seek profes­ sional help before buying, 
Smaby says. ciA U in tb oiikA V 

The only real estate brokers or salespersons who may call themselves 
Realtors or Rea Hor-Asso­ ciates are the nearly 5oo,ooo members of the National 
Association of Realtors, its state associations and its local boards, he said. 
Smaby said the staff peo­ ple of the nearly 1,7oo local boards across America d ir­ ect general public inquiries to the nearly 15o,o99 Real­ tor members of the Nation­ al Association. 
A Board of Realtors meets frequently, has com­ m ittees to keep up w ith various real estate deve­ lopments, keeps in touch with the public’s needs and can easily provide answers to home-seeking or home- buying families, he said. 
Realtors or the nearly 
359,o99 Realtor-Associates can answer all questions from buyers or sellers and steer them around prob­ lems, Smaby said. He pointed out that many fa­ m ilies know very little about selling or buying a home. Realtors can help cut down the anxiety and unea- 
------------- tUMUM SU HAV------- 

Board of Realtors 

 to install officers 

PHILIP C. SMABY sinews. 
Their training and years of experience enable Real­ tors to answer questions on mortgages, how to arrange money to but the best home possible, how to prepare a home so it can lie sold at a better price and all other real estate topics. 
The pride of being a m em ber of the nation’s largest trade and profes­ sional group and strict dis­ cip lin e w ith in the local 
^boards work to guarantee that a R ealtor and the 
Realtor-Associate will treat clients fairly, Smaby said. 
Nearly all Realtors and 
Realtor-Associates are members of a local board. 
In turn, these boards are the building blocks on which the 5o state, District of Colum bia and 'three territorial associations and boards are built. All this forms the Chicago-based, 
68-year-old National Asso­ ciation of Realtors. 

--------------------- S S flifflD M in o r ------------ 

The San Antonio Board of 
Realtors’ annual installa­ tion of officers and direc­ tors will be held at 7 p.m. 
Saturday at the A lza far 
Shrine Temple, NAV. IU 19 at Huebner Road. 

The incoming officers are 
Ray R agsdill, president; 
Loyd Wakefield, first vice president; Bernard Host, treasurer; Carl Nentwich, second vice president; and 

~ C L A S S IC O O IS H I* r 
“ BESS!------ 
EASY TO GET TO ... EASY TO LIVE IN. 

Maurine Alexander, secre­ tary. 

D irectors for 1977 are 
Clara Belle Gather, S. J. 
Davis, George Flood. Max­ ine Hammond, Don John­ son. Bob Jones. Richard 
Keoughan, 
George 
A. 
Leeah, E laine Ludw ig, 
Barbara MacManus, V ir­ ginia M cD aniel. Jim m y 
Rice, Howard Tate. Sue 
Weems. Kost, Nentwich. 
CLASSIFIED DISPLAY 

R agsdill, W akefield and 
Ms. Alexander. 

R e tirin g d irectors arc 
Richard ( arlyon. M arvin 
Kline and Ray Teal. 

O utgoing officers are 
Leeah. president; Ragsdill, first vice president; Wake­ fie ld . second vice p re s i­ dent; and 
N entw ich, treasurer. Ms. Alexander was re-elected as secretary. 

CLASSIFIED D liK A V 

$33,ooo to i4o,ooo 
8% V A - FHA 
Conventional 
Loans Available 

...the kind of community people stay in. 

• 3 & 4 bedroom homes • Frigidaire appliances e Friedrich central heat & air 
• Finished 2 car garages 

...and much, much more 

LACKLAND. ANO 

Sales Off 

684 1386 • 

6oo2 Morning Star 

Open IO Til Dark All Week Long 

EXCLUSIVELY MARKETED BT 
W A L T C O R N E L IU S 
4 4 I 2 R IT T !M A N RD. 
O F F .: 8 2 8 6 3 4 3 
RES.: 6 5 5 2 6 4 o 

Enjoy 
Hill Country 
Living ... 

/umte lei &e 

 in Northwest San Antonio in beautiful 
Oak 
Creek. 
Our premium homes range from 
$55,ooo to 
$9o,ooo on large wooded homesites. 
Customized homes available for immediate move-in. Please visit our professionally decor­ ated models today! 

Furnished 
Models Open 
Daily 
684-3 l l 2 

1^44*1(1 *J/\4 i4 4 fl We Have six newly completed luxury homes available on Copperfield 
Road in Oak Creek. Professional landscaping has been used to accent the exterior designs of these homes. Each home is placed on an over-sized, Vs acre homesite with trees. Several selections of the following model homes are available on Copperfield Roadl! 

II 
M i 

 r n 

«444444 

I * 
£ 1 

* 
4 

*• 

1946 NJ. LOOP 41o just off marry wurzbach 
FEATURES 
8562355 
ONE BEDROOM 
WITH A 
BONUS ROOM 

I Bedroom, I Both, Bonus Room 
First I Socond Level.................. $1 9 o . per month 
Penthouse level........................ $ 2 o o . per month 

Thor*'« something extra rn tins apartment A bonus room— with all sorts of interesting possi­ bilities. Make it a sewing loom, game room den or nursery This plan is big on storage, too. No­ tice the double walk in closet in the bedroom, the pantry, and extra storage cd the deck The kitchen with frost hee refrigerator has a serving bai And on the penthouse level fireplace, built-in book­ shelves and a vaulted beamed ceiling create a dramatic atmopshere for entertaining 

o CHE Style bg LIFE INVESTORS 

Son Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— Soturday January 15 1977 

Easy finance terms made in Woodstone 

Easy financing term s on Homecraft Corp. houses in Woodstone will be among the build­ ing-developing fir m ’s highlights for home hunters this weekend. 
The northeastern San Antonio community is where the interest rate for VA home loans is as low as 8 per cent. 
Other advantageous VA terms here include a total move-in cost of only $1 to veterans who qualify. 
Models showing 
Five fully furnished, professionally decorated model homes are shown by Homecraft in Woodstone as excellent representatives of the quality housing the firm offers. 
Homecraft takes great pride especially in innovating a series of new homes priced so low that a sharp contrast to prices of other building firm’s houses in Woodstone is at once noticeable. 
Some of the other builders’ homes in this prestigious community fall within a price range starting at about 
$4o,ooo, but Homecraft’s houses even include a series of all-masonry homes priced from as low as $3o,95o. 
The two most recent models in Wnodstope reDresent the affordable series Homecraft introduced here as a mile- 

C U & I F K D D ISPLAY 

 stone in modern housing for today’s families. 
Named the Americana and the California, they have attracted many visitors of whom much more than a few7 became permanent residents of a Homecraft house in 
Woodstone. 
Homecraft opened the Americana as the first two-story model in W'oodstone. The home features three bedrooms, including its enormous master suite, and a fourth be­ droom, which, of course, can be put to a number of dif­ ferent uses such as a study or parlor. The plans also includes lVfc baths and a large two-car garage. 
The California, boasting a touch of Old Mexico, belongs to the new housing series Homecraft premiered about IV2 years ago. Featuring two bedrooms and two baths, its ingenious floor plan includes a master suite with a huge ualk-in closet, a kitchen with a serving bar to the family / living room and sliding glass doors leading to the sundeck in the backyard. 
These two models, though, are only part of the large model home park Homecraft features in Woodstone. 
Luxury features of Homecraft houses are displayed in the other three models, too. They include appointments like woodburning fireplaces, boxed windows, wooden cabinets, fine carpeting, color-coordinated wall coverings 

CLASSIFIED D IS K A V 
CLASSIFIED D ISPLAY 
CLASSIFIED D ISPLAY 

W O O D STO N E m o d e ls re p re se n t kind and all-electric kitchens with dishwashers, disposers and 
Magic Chef ranges with continous-clean ovens. 
Conventional financing terms on Homecraft houses in 
Woodstone also are offered for non-veterans or veterans who don’t wish to use their VA home loan privileges at this time. 
The community of Woodstone is exciting in a number of different ways. Homes are built on oversized lots with many trees. All lots front on paved streets with concrete 

"CULSSIFIEO iw t ft A Y r o w 
—PDW 

 of H o m e cra ft q u a lity unique to a re a curbs. Underground utility lines eliminate unsightly poles and lines that would mar the natural beauty of the serenity and rolling terrain. 
Woodstone, near numerous destination points and within the highly rated North Fast School District, is most easily reached by exiting from N.F. Ill 35 to Judson Road, proceeding west toward Nacogdoches Road and following signs which lead the way to the community’s Homecraft houses. 
... 
CLASSIFIED P IM H A V 

PLAN N O . 239 

H i ATING 
COO LING 

I \iiiin- t im I im I r r i I m ufti/tnt,Ii- ll u h 

PLAN NO. 231 

Stone fireplace with mantle 

3 bedroom, 2 full baths 
Box window in master bedroom & kitchen 

Sliding glass doors to patio 

Furniture finished kitchen cabinets 

Extra large pantry 

2 car garage 

Central entry foyer 

1oo% brick 

*34,95o 

PLAN N O . 238 

Master bedroom plus guest bedroom 
Dressing area and sliding glass doors from master bedroom 
1oo% masonry 
Handcrafted stone fireplace and decorator mantle 
Dual sliding glass doors from family room. 
Spacious storage in garage. 
Furniture finished kitchen cabinets 
Raised car stop in garage. 

$31,95o 

ENERGY SAVING PACKAGE 
MCRAFJ 

ALL ARE “ SNUG HOMES’’ FEATURING SOLAR GREY TINTED 
GLASS, REFLECTIVE THERMOPLY INSULATION, SHEATHING, SOLID 
CORE, 
INSULATED 
EXTERIOR 
METAL 
CLAD 
DOORS 
WITH 
MAGNETIC GASKET FOR PERFECT SEAL, FULL WALL INSULATION 
AND THICK CEILING INSULATION. 

OUR MOST 

AFFORDABLE HOMES 

MEAN TOP QUALITY 

FOR YOUR MONEY. 

★ Large lots with trees! 
★ Swim Club & Community 
School (under construction) 

★ 1oo% Brick Homes With 
Handcrafted Fireplaces 
★ Each available in several exterior designs. 

• 3 bedrooms plus sitting 

 room off master bedroom 

• Full both upstairs, guest 

 bath downstairs with mirrored wall 

• Dual access to upstairs 

• Lower story 1oo% 

 masonry 

• Big double garage with 

 ample storage and car stop 

• Over sized kitchen pantry 

• Sliding doors to patio and 

 backyard. 

• Central heat and air. 

$33,95o 

L O O P 4 1 o 

N EW 
SCHOOL 

L O O P I 

JUDSON RD. 

San Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— Saturday January 15 I977 
Clearance sale by Royal Crest 

This weekend Royal 

Crest Hornes is clear­ ing its 1976 inventory if four select a re a s of four: B ristol P la ce , 
B riarw ick , 
F o rre st 

Glen and The G reat 
Northwest. 

T h o s e a r e now h o m o s , hut the floor p la n s have boon d i s c o n ti n u e d . Tile prices will never bo lower. 
High grade 
Royal Crest homos e m ­ phasize quality with high g r a d e m a t e r i a l s , s u p e r b c r a f t s m a n s h i p and a t t e n ­ tion to detail Spaciousness with high priority placed on luxuries and convenience is 
------------c i«»iTmiDnwm-------- 

 another c h a r a c t e r i s t i c o f 
Royal Crest homes. 

Codders central air and heat and^excellent Magic 
Chef appliances in the kit­ chen provide m axim u m ef­ ficiency. Luxuries include the finest c a r p e t i n g with, extra padding, fireplaces, b e a m e d and c a t h e d r a l c e i l i n g s , ind oor utility rooms, sunken living areas and huge master suites. 

The Great Northwest is a new community filled with b e a u t if u l t r e e s . A c o m ­ munity clubhouse provides h o m e o w n e r s with s w i m ­ ming pool, tennis and bas­ ketball courts. North side 
District schools and no city taxes are more reasons so 
--------------------Ct l W I W D DII W I T -------------- 

 m a n y have c h ose n their new h o m es here already. 
Take Culebra Road north of 
N.W. Loop 41o and follow the s i g n s to Th e G r e a t 
Northwest. 

F o r r e s t G len, a l so out 
C u leb r a R o a d , b o a s t s a community club as well as the benefits of North side 
District schools and no city ta x e s . 
E n e r g y - s a v i n g homes make this a popular northwestern community. 

Bria rw ic k is located in northeastern Bexar County overlooking the Northern 
Hills Country Club. All-ma­ sonry. e n e r g y - s a v i n g ho m es m a k e the se new homes a real value, plus preferred North East Dis- 

ROYAL CREST HOMES presents a wide variety of floor plans in rare close-out sale of new homes 

 tr i d sc hoo ls and no city left and you’ll locate Briar- p r a c t i c a l l y next do or to 
Windsor P a r k M all, p r o ­ taxes. Drive north of N E. wick on your right. 
Fort .Sam Houston and just viding even more convell 
Loop 41o on Wetmore Road. 
Bristol P la ce , off Ritti- then follow the curve to the man Road via N E. HI 35. is tiM sm n OMAtAY 

 a short distance to down­ town. Nearb y is the new 

C lA t s ib f D DISPLAY 

 lence. Homes here start at 
$26,4oo, perfect for young 
-------- — ciiVsWDDi^iAY-------- 

 families on a budget. 
Visit one of these are as today. New homes arc open until dark daily. 

---------------CLASSICO O M iO r 
CLASSIFIED DISPLAY 
CIA SMY WD W SAULT 

I. 

2 

3, 

4. 

 rjgjpyQ| 
LM home crest lorries 
1»7C HOMB INVBNTOKY SALB 

The Great Northwest 
684-9198 

ADDRESS: 
PRICE: 
87o3 TIMBERSTONE 
$38,925 

AREA INFORMATION: 
New homes carved into a forest of trees! 
COMMUNITY CLUB...swimming, tennis and basketball. 

SPECIAL NOTES: 
Loaded with extras...Family room with fireplace beneath beamed, cathedral ceiling...Master suite with sitting area 
...covered patio...much more. 

Forrest Glen 
684-7o47 

ADDRESS: 
PRICE: 
7527 PIPERS WAY 
$34,225 

AREA INFORMATION: 
Excellent Northside Schools 
No City Taxes 

SPECIAL NOTES: 
Beamed, cathedral ceiling over family room with fireplace. 

Briarwick 
494-62o2 

ADDRESS: 
PRICE: 
14423 BRIARBRANCH 
$33,925 
$31o* mo. 

‘ Based on purchase price ol $33,925, 

N O down payment, 36o equal m onthly 

 payment!, at 8% V A financing. 

AREA INFORMATION: 
Preferred North East Schools 
No City Taxes 

Bristol Place 
661-6266 

ADDRESS: 
5243 WOODBROOK 
PRICE: 
$29,o25 
$286* mo. 

•Based on purchase price o f $29,o25, 

N O down payment, 36o equal m onthly 

 payments at 8% V A financing. 

 v a .* ffc-ss ■ 
-r i' E T T E fr ijliBifMflMriL'' ~ 

AREA INFORMATION: 
Close to Fort Sam Houston, downtown and 
Windsor Park Mall 

(^Copyright Advertising By Shirley 

Son Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— Saturday January 15 1977 

Twin Creek community acquires a large popuius 

Professional planning by Homecraft Corp. has made Twin Creek one of the fastest growing communities in the San Antonio area. 
The northwestern Bexar County development offers the kind of homes modern fam ilies are looking for today and can afford. 
Now established 

Tw in Creek, now considered one of the established neighborhoods for San Antonians, has acquired a large popuius since its opening in the Fall of 1973. 
Streets in the neighborhood necessitate slow traffic, and house exteriors along each create an impressive blending of both colors and styles. It was all planned that way. 
The community also features its own private clubhouse, already enjoyed by Twin Creek residents. It offers green, fenced tennis courts well lighted at nights. Other recrea­ tional facilities include a sw im m ing pool, wading pool, clubhouse w it Ii equipped kitchen and a playground for youngsters. 
Although surrounded by nature. Twin Creek also has a location of utmost convenience. Here deer are seen run­ ning or feeding and city noises never are heard, but the thoroughfare Bandera Road is just a m ile away; NAV. Loop 
41ft. one m ile more. 

'c t A iS I F H D D ISPLAY 
CLA SSIFIED D I S M A Y 

Of course, no city taxes apply to home payments made by Twin Creek residents. 
Located in the preferred Northsidc School District. Twin 
Creek is also close to UTSA, USAA. South Texas Medical 
C enter. Southwest Research In s titu te and K e lly and 
Lackland AFBs. 
Twin Creek homes can be purchased by VA financing which requires only a $1 total move-in cost and an annual interest rate of only 8 per cent. 
Homecraft houses in Twin Creek, which are priced from as low as $31.95(1. have either three of four bedrooms, two baths and two-car garages. All for sale this weekend also have IOO per cent masonry exteriors as just one energy- saving feature. 
Other Homecraft house features which help save energy include full insulation in w alls, ft^-in ch insulation in ceilings, over-engineered air conditioning and heat sys­ tems requiring m inim al use and doors and windows w hich shut tightly. 
Homemakers are overjoyed with kitchens of these new 
Homecraft houses. W ork-saving features include the an­ electric deluxe Magic Chef range and eontinous-eleaning oven, built-in dishwasher designed for double loads, plus plenty of cabinet space planned for working convenience. 
Other fine features of Homecraft houses are handcrafted fireplaces, patios, room -finished tw o-car garages w ith 

CLASSIFIED D ISPLAY 

C\ Mi joi na 

TW IN CREEK fe a tu re s six fu lly furnished, p ro fe ssio n a lly d e co ra te d m odels 

CLASSIFIED D ISPLAY 

 overhead doors, accent paneling and soul pl ti red front doors. 
Luxury appointments of the homes include a choice of shag or sculptured nylon carpeting in all b e d r o o m s and formal living and dining areas. Two full ceramic tile baths have m arble dressing vanities with m irrored w a lls , ca­ 

 a m i n g W i n a v 
CLASSIFIED D ISPLAY ' 

 binels. vinyl flooring and choice of M i n i flooring. 
Twin Creek is most easily reached by driving north of 
NAV 
Loop lift on Bandera Road and turning west onto 
Grissom Road (F M 471). following signs w hich lead to the marked entranceway. More signs lead to the community's six fully furnished, professionally decorated model homes. 

---------------- <fLJkfil»l»B W IW I Y ------------------------------------ CLASSIFIED DISpT a y 

*1.oo 

TOTAL MOVE IN 
V.A. 
Twin 

 ar 
5% DOWN 
CONVENTIONAL 
FINANCED 
AT 

8 % % 

Northw est San A ntonio’s Finest Community 

I rn jiff 

I 

I 

.. I 
Hi 
4 I I1 i. f 

EAAFAS1 

 prTCMOi, 
FAMILY 
P O O N 

O W IN G 
L IVIN G 

■WMW 

S YONAS! 

G A N AGI 

L l 
PLAN NO. 2o5 c\ 
:i 

I 
\ 

4 Bedroom 

Boy windows in kitchen and living room 

Terrozo tile entry 

Compartmented guest both 

Q uality carpet throughout 

Formal dining and living plus Family Room 

Massive rounded fireplace to vaulted ceiling 

Utility room with room for freezer 

Over-engineered air conditioning 

1 o o % brick exterior 

Full energy saving features 

*42,95o 

 s a e e e s E s e s a e a e e i 

-remr 

L. J 
BEDROOM 
^jl 

- 
* ttT) 
I \ M ASTER 
B E D R O O M 

LIVING 

N J 
J 
4 
£‘, f 
■* F-W 
>£==« ^ - L 

I 
■: 
\ 
• laus. 3 f ' 
I 
J 
L - 

C A R A O t 

PLAN NO. 229 

* 
Large bedrooms eoch with triple closet 

* 
Large family room with rounded fireplace 

* 
Box window in family room 
* 
Breakfast bor and serve-through in kitchen 

* 
Eight cabinet drawers in kitchen 

+ 
Inside utility room 

* 
Double garage with ample raised storage 

* 
Big formal dining room or pool room 

* 
1 o o % brick exterior 

* 
Full energy saving features 
* 
Over-engineered air conditioning 

*4o,5oo 

J U ii 

PLAN NO. 
2o4 

Extra spacious living - family area 

Twin sliding doors to w rap around patio 

Serve-thru kitchen 

Box window at dinette 
Master bedroom with dressing room and sliding 

 gloss doors 
Two full ceramic tile baths 

Furniture finished cabinetry 

1 o o % brick exterior 

Full energy saving features 
O v e r-engineering air conditioning 

*4o,5oo 

TWIN 

AIL 
ARE 
"S N U G 
HO M ES" 
FEATURING 
SOLAR 
GREY 
TINTED 
GLASS, 
REFLECTIVE 
THERMOPLY 
INSULATION, 
SHEATHING 
SOLID CORE, INSULATED EXTERIOR METAL 
CLAD 
DOORS 
WITH 
MAGNETIC 
GASKET 
FOR PERFECT SEAL, FULL WALL INSULATION 
AND THICK CEILING INSULATION. 
SOMECRAFt 

OPEN 9 to 9 Daily 
6 8 1 - 1 1 1 1 r 

To save energy at home? Tips can help efforts 

I 

By FRAN K M A N W E L L ! 
President, Greater Son Antonio Budders Assn 
With winter upon us, the Greater San An­ tonio Builders Asso­ ciation has prepared a list of energy-saving tips to help home owners reduce their monthly utility hills and save energy (lur­ ing the heating season. 
Heating system: 
About 
BO per cent of the energy consumed in homes is used for heating and cooling systems. 
(le a n heat exchanger surface in the furnace regularly Dust and products of combustion ac­ cumulate on surfaces and interfere wit Ii good heat transfer. 
Air adjustment should he checked periodically by a service professional With- put sufficient air. fuel will not burn com pletely. An 
'expert should also clean and adjust the entire heat­ ing system once a year. Air filters should he cleaned or 
Replaced on a regular basis 

I Thermostat setting: Set the therm ostat hack at hight. Each one degree re­ duction sax es about one per cent in fuel, lint do not lower the temperature so much that your system must work overly long to reheat your home i i i the morning. 
^ While away from home for an extended period, you should set your thermostat ut 55 degrees. But don’t turn off heat completely because the pipes might freeze. During the daytime close dampers in bedrooms and other rooms you don't use. (lo a n therm ostats once a year to remove dust 

Registers: obstacles such as furniture, drapes or pictures in front of beating units or registers block path of hot air and reduce efficiency of heating sys­ tem. 
Humidity letch A p ro ­ perly humidified home is as comfortbablc at HH degrees as a dry one at 72 degrees because our bodies retain heat in high humidity. 
Dry air, on the other hand, absorbs moisture from skin ut a rapid rate and produces a chilling ef­ fect which can only be off­ set by increasing air tem­ perature. 
Thus, a humidifier is a wise investment because you can reduce the house tem perature aud save energy. A pan of water strategically located near a heating ointlct will mois­ turize the air if a humidi­ fier is not available. House plants also gixe off mois­ ture. 
Fireplaces: Fireplaces as a heating source are very deceptive. A large flow of a ir is generated through the hearth aud lip the chimney by a burning fire. 
Much of tins air already has been heated by the fur­ nace. which means that, 
^thought tile fireplace is heating the immediate air. it is also cooling the rest of the house by expelling warm air up the chimney. 
Tins energy loss can be reduced by lowering the thermostat and closing doors to the rest of the house while the fireplace is til use. 
, 
Fireplace damper: ( lose the fireplace dumper when 

*“ 
CLAiSIFKO D U P U Y 

FRAN K M A N W E L L ! 

 not ii i us(‘. lf the damper is left open, a good deal of hot air escapes up tho chimney aud tin1 heating system is forced to work overtime. 
Hot waler heater: The hot water heater is the se­ cond largest user of energy in the home. It should be sized to meet needs. 
Maintaining too much hot water wastes energy. 
Insulating hot water pipes from the source to the point of use will decrease energy loss. Set your hot water thermostat no higher than 14o degrees 

When awa.v from home for extended periods, the water heater should he turned down or off. It the gas pilot light is turned oil', it should be done according lo the m anufacturer’s in­ structions. 

Window shades: Closed drapes, blinds and shades over large glass areas can reduce heat loss through windows during winter. On sunny winter days, how­ ever. drapes, blinds and shades should be opened to let the sun warm the house. 
Draperies should be insu­ lated or lilied. 
Caulking and weather stripping: Cracks can form around a window and door frames and where wood meets metal or masonry. 
Air leakage creates cold drafts. 
A standard exterior door which has a 1/K crack ar­ ound it loses heat through a total area of JIO square inches. This is equipvalent to having a 51/2-inch by 
51/2ineh hole in your wall. 
Keep weather stripping and caulking around win­ dows and doors iii good re­ pair to reduce air leakage. 
Storm windows: 
Heat hiss through doors aud windows can he cut by more than 5o per cent through installation of storm doors and windows. 

I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 

Break A Bad Habit- 
STOP RENTING! 

WITH 

I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 

Utility costs at Woodbury 
Place paid 

Tin* English colin* tr y side- is- quick!), brought to mind by 
Woodbury 
Place 
Apartments, a project playing host to an open house this weekend. 
Located here, at 2854 
Woodbury, arc1 52 units by 
Conn-Sherrod Commercial and Industrial Developers. 
Additional units under way will be completed in about 
3o days. Woodbury Place is willing to reserve one of these choice units for you to move into later. 
Bills paid 
Conn-Sherrod em pha­ sizes that Woodbury Place 
Apartments are leased with monthly rental rates that include all utility costs to help residents keep to their monthly budgeting. 
(hie-bedmom apartments are available with l*a baths and a loft or xx itll one hath. 
Txvo-bedroom, toxxnhouse* stxh* apartments .ire axai- lable wit ti or without a fireplace. Monthly rental rates start as low as $199. 
Exteriors feature brick and stucco accents of rough cedar. Interiors continue tile black, brown and white color schemes i i i luxurious shag carpeting. 
Each apartment features an all-electric kitchen, walk-in closets and p ri­ vacy-fenced courtyards. All units are provided with 
24-hour security guards. 
A clubhouse, txxo swim­ ming pools which complete the oak-studded landscape and two laundry rooms xx hu ll add to the conven­ 

 ience of the groupings make this project even mofe desirable to ap art­ ment dwellers. 
W ithin the preferred 
North East School District and easy access of Loop 41o, 
Woodbury Place is near numerous shopping malls, in easy driving distances of both Randolph and Brooks 
A E B s and about only 15 minutes from downtown. 
Woodbury 
Place is reached most easily by exiting off N E. Loop 41o onto Nacogdoches Road and proceeding north to Wood­ bury. xx here a w est turn leads to the apartments. 

By Morton/Southwest 

F R E E D O M 

FIV>F. 

*29,975 

A r m s t r o n g flooring 

I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 

C lA tSW ItO O U T LA Y 

O W N YO U R O W N HOME. 

Stop making your 
Land­ lord rich and start building your own nest egg. PLUS 
Freedom Homes offer a long list of 
Standard 
Features other builders can only offer as optional, like 
3 
& 
4 bedrooms, 2 full baths, 2 car garages, appliances 
— dishwasher, disposal, Magic Chef range, patios, fireplaces (in most designs). Central heat and air. 
NO PAYMENT ’TIL MAY 
NOTHING DOWN VA. miMum 
658-4793 

LA K ESID E 
648-3491 
VALLEY FORGE 
655-5931 

*Pricts of homes may vary according to neighborhood and location. 

Freedom Homes are in Valley 
Forge, Lakeside, and Cimmorron. 
These are great Morton/Southwest neighborhoods strategically located and professionally planned so that your home is most likely to ap­ preciate in value. 
Quiet en­ vironments, close to where you work and shop, and each is in a quality school district. 

 m q rtp n s o u th w e s t 

(O ut o f tow n call Collect) 
W rites P.O. B O X 1 8 4 2 8 
San Antonio, T e xas 7 8 2 8 6 

MODELS OPEN 
DAILY ’TIL DUSK 

 txpress-News Want Ads 225-1666; 

CIA S I H A b S T iF iA Y 

OPEN HOUSE 
Thunderbird Hills 
N e w Y e a r Features: 
6 2 1 4 F arra gu t— *$ 4 7 ,o o o * 
6231 F a rra gu t— -$ 4 3 ,o 2 5 * 
O ther H o m e s A v a ila b le 
Deer Skin 
$43,l25-$49,ooo* little Fawn 
$37,4oo-$43,ooo* 
James Bonham 
$25,7So-$27,6Oo 
Forest Oaks Estates 
Crow n P ie c e -$ 4 5 ,o o o -$ 5 3 ,o o o * 
M a n y O th ers U nder Construction 

V A , FH A 
C on ven tion al 
Financing 
A v a ila b le 
Construction Company 
Open IO ’Til Dusk 

6 8 4 - o 8 1 o t i ) 
EQUAL HOUSING orrot TUNITY 

ALL UTILITIES 
PAID 

A L S O — Additional units under construction will be completed in 3 o days. W e will reserve one for you for the N e w Year! 
$ 5 o Deposit 
Club House lau n d ry Room 
Full-Time Security G u a rd 
I 5 Min. from Dow ntow n via Expressw ay, 
Convenient to Randolph, B rooks and Ft. Sam . 
N e a r major Shop ping Centers. 

Unfurnished-Furn. 

I Bedroom $199-5229 

1 Bedroom (loft) S229-S2S9 

2 Bedroom (Townhouse) S27o-S295 

2 Bedroom (Town-Fireplace) $28o $3o5 

2 8 3 4 W o o d b u ry Lane 
8 2 4 -8 6 2 1 

Managed lls 
Mr. & Mrs. Hodges 

WOODBURY H U I 
£ 
WOODBURY 
X 

— 

CONN, SHERROD & CO., INC. 
COMMERCIAL A INDUSTRIAL DEVELOPERS 

‘Models galore’showing 

San Antonio EXP R ESS-N EW S— Saturday January 15 I 9 7 7 

Each of Homecraft 
Corp.’s houses in its two northeastern Bex­ ar County c o m m u n ­ ities is a “ complete home.” 

I lie building/developing firm 's G re enrid ge N orth and Meadow O aks will he the two sites for this parade of hom es, w hich w ill he high lighted by fully fu r­ nished. professionally de­ corated models in each ar­ ea. 
All masonry 
Most recent in Meadow 
Oaks are the com m unity’s new homes of IOO per cent m asonry exteriors. T hey lune caught the interest of m any a hom e hunter lo o kin g for a fine house nestled am ong trees in a neighborhood near all the conveniences of the city. 
M eadow O a k s fits that 
COGBiFiiDBisFaT-------- 

 description to the fullest. 
Its serenity, combined with its convenience, has a t­ tracted m any sin ce its opening. The market-tested floor plans and designs Ho­ mecraft uses for the com ­ munity make up even more reasons for its surge in po­ pularity. 
It is in Meadow Oaks that 
H om ecraft p ro u d ly d is ­ plays Renaissance, British 
Colonial, Am erican Colon­ ial and 
M e d ite rra n e a n style s to represent only some of what’s available to buyers. 
Meadow Oaks homes are situated on amply sized lots and are designed for fa­ m ilies of today who want tin* most in a new home, 
.lust some of their features art' all-electric d e c o ra t o r kitchens, fine carpeting, handcrafted W oo dburning f i r e p l a c e s w ith g a s log lighters and optimal insu­ lation. 

C LA SSIF IED D ISP L A Y 

H om e craft houses in 
Meadow O aks are easy to own. For instance, the total move-in cost of only $1 is available to veterans taking advantage of their V A home loan privileges. An annual interest rate as low as 8 per cent applies to this financ­ ing. too. These are the kind of te rm s that cannot be made any easier for buyers. 
The choice location of 
Meadow O aks is still an­ other reason for so m any fam ilies’ mov ing there. 
The com m un ity is con­ venient to Randolph A F B v ia N .E. F M I HIM (Outer 
Loop). It is also near the sh o p p in g and e n te rta in ­ ment facilities in Universal 
City. 
Complete city serv ices, of co u rse , are in M eadow 
O aks, despite its serene setting. It is not in the San 
Antonio City Limits, which c a lls for low er property taxes. It is in the progres­ 

 sive Judson School District, with good proxim ity to an elem entary school and a junior high school. 
Also, an am en ity area called The Oaks Swim and 
Tennis Club will be exclu­ sively for the enjoyment of 
Meadow Oaks residents. 
Greenridge North 
Greenridge North will be the parade site for seven fully furnished, profession­ ally decorated models this weekend. The H om ecraft com m unity is m aking spe­ cial offers on som e of the more popular floor plans. 
Veterans’ financing calling for only a SI total move-in and conventional financing with only 5 per cent of a hom e's adjusted purchase price as a down payment are among terms offered. 
P resent Iv 
H om ecraft offers new homes on some of the most desirable lots in the hilly community. This weekend buyers can choose 

C LA SSIFIED D ISP L A Y 
C LA SSIFIED D ISP L A Y 

 from among many of these. 
The lots are situated on the higher part of a hill in the p ro fe ssio n a lly planned neighborhood. 
H om es in G re e n rid g e 
North are well represented by its seven m odels, de­ picting tin* Castilian C on­ tem porary, R enaissance, 
Mediterranean. Californian 
F la ir. S p a n ish M od ern, 
French Lodge and T ra d i­ tional styles 
Greenridge North homes, three- and four-bedroom in designs drawn from m a r­ ket-tested floor plans, fea­ ture. along w ith H o m e ­ craft’s items for saving en­ ergy. fine carpeting, hand­ crafted vvoodhurning fire­ places, m asonry exteriors, patios, boxed w indow s, ample closet space. Deluxe 
M agic Chef appliances in kitchens and finished two- car garages. Both baths in each home feature marble vanities, cushion vinyl and 

CLASSIE lEDOIS P LAY 

FU RN ISH ED m o d e ls in G re e n rid g e N o rth , M e a d o w O a k s 

 buyers’ choices of decora­ tor vinyl wall coverings. 

The peak point of Green­ ridge North features tilt' am enity area, boasting a junior olym pic size sw im ­ m ing pool, wading pool and clubhouse with equipped kitchen. 

A lth o u gh 
G re e n rid g e 
North is slightly outside the 

C l a s s i f i e d d i s p l a y 

 city limits, the community is near North Fast District schools. R a n d o lp h A F B , 
W in d so r P a rk M a ll, the 
O uter Loop, N .F . Ill 35. 
I ’T S A, C S A A and other major destination points. 
Meadow Oaks is most ea­ sily reached bv e xitin g from N.F. 111 35 to N.E. I'M 
I HIM and proceeding ('ast to the com m unity's grand en 

C LA SSIF IES D ISP L A Y 

 trancevv ay. 
H om ecraft signs lead tin' way. 
Greenridge North also is easily reached from N.F. 
Ill 35 by exiting onto Ju d ­ son Road, which leads to a two-way service road, in turn leading to Toepper- wein Road. A west turn on­ to Toopporwoin Road leads to 
G re e n rid g e 
N o rt h 's marked entrancewav. 

MEADOW OAKS 

% 
■AP" 

 for the tremendous response you gave to our homes in I 976. 

€jMECRA!£ 

QUALITY • INTEGRITY 
PRICE 

M i. * 

A 
. 

I 
. ...II ■■ . 
F 
GjiswihidqsL 7loiih. 

■FU 1 . Pl'>■ 

*31,95o'*45,75o 
'Cc 

'Cc. 

☆ 

'Cc 

'Cc t i 

'CC ti 

3 & 4 Bedroom a ll Brick Homes 
Handcrafted, 
All 
Masonry, 
W ood- burning Fireplace w /G a s Starter 
Color-coordinated All-electric kitchen 
Full landscaping Package 
Huge Room Finished 2-car G arage 
Reflecting 
Insulated 
Sheathing 
Fall 4 ” W all Insulation And Full 6 ” 
Ceiling Insulation 
New 
Tinted 
W indow 
G lass 
Metal Encased, Insulated, Weather 
Proof Doors— Front & Back 
Your 
Choice 
O f 
Plush 
Carpeting 
Throughout 
Full I — Year Home W arranty 
Vaulted 
Ceilings 
Family— size 
Patios 
Your 
Choice of 
Decorator 
W all 
Coverings 
Marble 
Vanities in 
Both 
Baths 
Fabulous 
Tennis and 
Swim 
Club 
Meadow 
O aks now 
Features 
2 
Bedroom Homes 

$35,ooo *45,5oo 

*mwmm v t 

PLAN 214 

$ 1oo 
8% 
5% 
8%% 

/ p p ^ r ^ 

 t - M mAsti. I rntmoot 
I f 
I 
M D H O O W I 
T 
^ 
T ba’IT 
I iLr— 

H T Z 

FAT IO 
, ^ 

TOTAL VA 
MOVE-IN 

FINANCING 
FOR VETERANS 

DOWN 
CONVENTIONAL 

CONVENTIONAL 
FINANCING 

I 
11 VINO 
OOH 
* 
, • 
M X N * 

 f * 

PLAN 2o9 

MEADOW OAKS 

• 
UNIVERSAL CITY TAXES 

* 
FABULOUS TENNIS AN O 
S W IM CLUB 

6 BEAUTIFULLY FURNISHED MODELS 

O P E N D A IL Y 9 TO 9 
658-7461 

QhswihidqsLTltfdh. 

• 
N O CITY TAXES 

• 
FABULOUS S W IM CLUB 

7 BEAUTIFULLY FURNISHED MODELS 

O P E N D A IL Y 9 TO 9 
656-323o 

FAIRWAYS APARTMENTS overlook golf course site 

Units a t Fairw ays by g o lf site 

An elegant environ­ ment overlooking the rolling hills of the 
Turtle Creek Country 
Club golf course sets the pace for The Fair­ ways Apartments. 
C nder the new 

 professional management. 
The Fairways is set in the m idst of lush natural and landscaped foliage, includ­ ing flo w e rin g sh ru b b e ry. 

C lA S iir ilD DISPLAY 
CLASSIFIED DISPLAY 

REAL ESTATE LICENSE 

February 1977 

3o1 Practice of RT. 

2o1 Principles of R.E. 

3o1 Practice of R E. 

1o1 Basic Fundamentals 

2o1 Principles of R.E. 

1o1 Basic Fundamentals 

3o1 Practice of R.E. 
For Free Catalog Calf 7 3 6 -2 o 7 5 
American C ollege 

 l i t I FINI* / SFA iMOPIfl f i l i S I I J I ) 
(SUI I U iv % 

San Antonio Schedule 

Feb. 7-11 
5 Oay 

Feb. 7 22 
8 Night 

Feb. 12 2o 
Weekend 

Feb. 14-18 
S Oay 

Feb. 21 25 
5 Day 

Feb. 26-Mor. 6 
Weekend 

Feb. 28 Mar. 4 
S Day 

 majestic trees and ground cover of every type. 
The units include a var­ iety of unique and spacious floor plans w ith such spe­ c ia l fe a tu re s as covered parking, outside individual storage, inside accent walls and huge private patios or balconies. F ive pools dot the com m unity, and social mem bership in the T urtle 
Creek Country Club is iti- e I tided with residency. 
E ve ry u n it o ffe rs spa­ cious. elegant liv in g , in ­ c lu d in g huge w a lk-in clo ­ sets and room a rra n g e ­ ments that speak of custom home q u a lity . P riv a c y is enhanced by ju ttin g walls in some areas, recessed w a lls in o th e rs and en ­ closed outdoor areas fo r each apartment resident to entertain friends as if in a private home. 
M odel a p a rtm e n ts are being demonstrated at The 
Fairways daily. 

CLASSIFIED D ISPLAY 

P re s tig e L o c a tio n 

Country Club Apartments provide everything to make your life easier better and truly enjoyable. 

 located right next to Turtle Creek Golf Course, the beauty and atmosphere surrounding 
Country 
Club 
Apartments makes it the ideal location for any living style. 

Come see all of the things Country Club Apartments offers for your living pleasure ... that costs no more than some ordinary places. 

Enjoy AU o f this: 

• Washer and Dryer Connections 

• Ceiling to floor mirrored closet doors. 

• Imported Spanish furniture available 

• All-electric kitchens and appliances. 

• Swimming pool 

• 2 Bd 2 ba — Ideal for roommates. 

COUNTRY CLUB 
APARTMENTS 

863o FAIR H AVEN DRIVE 
OFFICE HOI KS 
MUMMS THKl SATl KOAY 
9-Si.lO I'M 
SI NO AY 1-5:3o I'M 
6 9 6 -7 o 4 8 

I 

Ifs the going nina 

THE NEU' YEAR IS HERE 

Anri that mantis you'll be thinking about the coming year — When considering your neiv apartment home, the apartments listed in this ad will allow you a variety o f lifestyles. THE FEATURES m any of these apartments offer will show you how comfortable apartment living can be. All the properties are staffed with competant. reliable* arui concerned management. 
Fairways. London House, Green 
House, Carlton Arms, and several other properties are m anaged by 
C.P.M. Management Corp., a division o f llpf more and Associates. 

1 1 7 2 1 
P a rlia m e n t 
LONDON HOI SE 
Located at 
Blanco and 
West 
Avenue. 
Standard features in­ clude: All electric kitchens, three swimming pools, and (saunas* — 
Call 349-3149. ttfe carltoti apartments 

WITH 
ELEVEN 
POPULAR 
STALES 
AND 
SIZES 
TO 
CHOOSE FROM. LOCATED 
AT BABCOCK & CALLAG­ 
HAN. 
696-329o 

1-2-&-3 
BEDROOM 
APARTMENTS 
& 
TOWNHOUSES. 
SEPARATE 
ADULT 
AND 
FAMILY SECTIONS. FIREPLACES, 5 POOLS. 
TENNIS COURTS, GOLF, AND RACQUETBALL. 
3 8 1 5 P A R K D A L E 
6 9 6 -3 4 9 9 

■ H T ' 
Our high vaulted skylight ceilings & airy floor plans make your plants feel as comfortable as our happy management staff makes you feel! 
Un^u* I it 1-Sadmem 
U u 4 m a p a rtm e n t* w ith pool A d v h h a u M 
GREENHOUSE 
APARTMENTS 
72oo S. Pre* 
532-7389 
I 
CIDM to 

Express-News Want Ads 225-1666 

E 
W here Quality end Value 
M eet 

A Better New 
Place to Live 
From 
M orton/Southwest 

VALLEY FOEGE 

Professionally planned — to include an olymprc-size swimming pool and lighted tennis courts. Quiet . . . yet convenient to 1-35, down­ town, major shopping and recreation centers. 

■ 
.. i .i . , rn i e f bl ay i i 

 a 

2 cor garage 

• Three and four bedroom 
• 2 car finished garage 
• 2 full hand-set ceramic tile baths 
• Rich shag carpeting 
• A p p lia n c e s-d ish - washer, disposal. 
Magic Chef range 
• Wood-burning fireplaces (in most designs) 
• Patios 
• Energy efficient 
Friedrich Central heat & air. 

 cM e d a lis t 

' 37,625 
1 

COMPARE 

 your moneysworth in a new home 

 means getting standard features 

 included in the sales price! 

N O TH IN G D O W N V A . 
N O PAYM ENT 
’TIL APRIL 

FHA A CONV. FINANCING 
MODELS OPEN DAILY 
’TIL DUSK 

 fam ily ilo p .d c lin g 

 brk'fst 

 br 2 

 d 

 livingo> dining; i i i 
H S 

« 

A rm strong flooring 

655-5931 

Out of Town Call Collect 
W rite: P.O. Box 1 8 4 2 8 , 
San Antonio, Texas 
7 8 2 8 6 

 r * 

S u cce ss 
Homes by Morton/Southwest 

*3 4 ,o o o TO *4 5 ,o o o 

 v. . 
Of* .. 
- "VOW. 
■V.W 
VALLEY FOEGE 

Country club to at Northcliffe in 

San Antonio E X P R ESS- N EW S — Saturday Janu ary 15 1977 
Page 

Homecrait Corp. — the leading home builder-developer in San Antonio — has made good progress on construction of the new North- cliffe Golf Course, an 18-hole tournament-quality1 course part of a $2 million golf, tennis and swim club amenity program in Northcliffe, a $15o million residential community on N.E. IH 35. 
Homecraft has chosen a superb piece of property for their golt course,” according to its world-famous designer, 
•Joseph S. Finger of Joseph S. Finger & Associates, Golf nurse Architects and Engineers. “ There s just enough of the Hill C ountry's rolling terrain to make the Northcliffe course look and play beautifully.” 
Work well underway 
< oust ruction of the Northcliffe championship golf com­ menced witll the back nine holes planted and the front nine 
Hung planted. The course will be open for plav in Spring 
Uh/. 
* 
More than Tat) trees — *24 different varieties — will be 
I 
CLASSIFIED O H K A Y 
T lA S W .fD D iSPlAV 

 open 
Spring 

 planted this fall. They will be carefully positioned so that. in a few years, the trees will have a marked effect on the appearance and play of the course. 
In addition to the trees, the course will have four lakes, several traps and hazards so that “ it will be challenging for the average golfer, yet still competitive from the back trees for the very fine golfer," remarked Finger. 
The first and 1oth tees are adjacent to the Northcliffe 
Country Clubhouse, and the golf course is laid out in a returning nine, figure 8 formation, with the golf course lots located inside the two loops. An underground golf cart croseing will enable the golfer to quickly and safely cross to the 1oth tee located across Country Club Boulevard. 
The Northcliffe Golf Course is part of a unique amenity program pioneered by Homecraft in San Antonio to pro­ vide the residents with an exciting selection of tennis, golf, swimming and country club living. 
The focal point of the residential community and the 
Northcliffe Golf Course will be the three-storv, 6,ooo-sq. ft. clubhouse located on Country Club Drive. The clubhouse contains a restaurant, bar. pro shop and locker rooms with the food and drink services open to the public as well as to 

 c l a s s e d d ispla y------------------------------ cLA ftm io M U L A Y -------------- 

NORTHCLIFFE’S country club to open in 

 members. 
Thirteen furnished models in three separate subdi­ visions, ranging from $27,45o in Northcliffe East to $93,5oo in Northcliffe Country Club Estates, presently are open for 
-------cummin m m ?--------- 

 viewing 
To reach N orthcliff!', 
Cibolo-Hubertus Road exit community. 
-------FiAsSiHioWfruft------ 

 course 

 take N E and follow 
111 35 to the the signs lo the 

T I iT iftrto diT pT aT 

 m r n r n 

> I 

 m u 

' T ' ~ 

That Has It All 

OVA 

J ? * 

' I ~ ****** 

S E * 
4 
^ p 
: ...v 

•r*— / 
1^**%^ 
I f =; lr t 
I 
I- if;- 

‘ 
N O R T H C L I F F E 

SH 

$ rn 

N O R T H C L I F F E 

■ 
' ■ 
. s . ? 
- 
""‘I* J 
* 
• y * fifa* r>. 

•MS"ll'! 

N. v.-w -.g "*»- 
* I 
*^¥|I[ liioli ftliifM rfiiC r*‘ I- 
- 

W L - m iii * S P R A T T t 
? s r 
> 
-Sr 

W 
• am* -r ' Ujr “* 
-;P - 
’ 
> \ 
— 
' J-.. • 
- 
S 
I vai .•. ^ 
, 

N O R T H C LIFFE 
CouloiryOubEs talcs 

NEW ALL BRICK THREE, FOUR, AND FIVE BEDROOM HOMES 
SURROUNDED 
BY 
A 
UNIQUE, EIGHTEEN HOLE CHAMPIONSHIP 
GOLF COURSE ADJACENT TO A FABULOUS TRI-LEVEL COUNTRY 
CLUB 
WHICH 
FEATURES 
AN 
ARRAY 
OF 
LIGHTED 
TENNIS 
COURTS. 
* 6 o ,7 5 o TO * 1 o 3 ,o o o 

*1.oo 
TOTAL VA 
MOVC-IN 

AVAILABLE ON MOST HOMES 
1o% 

DOWN 
CONVENTIONAL 
LOW Ct OSINO 

DRIVE IM 35 NORTH 6.5 MILES PAST LOOP 16o4 
TO EXIT 11o3, AND FOLLOW THE SIGNS. 

. . .WE SPOIL YOU FOR 
ANYTHING ELSE. 

CALL TODAY FOR COMPLETE INFORMATION 
659-1261 OR 625-9175 

NO PAYMENT 
’TIL APRIL! 

GREAT OPPORTUNITY! 

ASK ABOUT TRADING IN YOUR OLD 
HOME FOR A NEW ALL BRICK 
COUNTRY CLUB HOME. 

QUALITY • INTEGRITY • PRICE 

San Antonio E X P R E S S -N E W S — 
Saturday January 15 I 9 7 7Country Club honors name 

The bevSt of the good life can be enjoyed at the 
Country 
Club 
Apartments in the 
Turtle Creek vicinity. 
There are'plenty of rea­ sons that this a p a rtm e n t project offers that kind of lifestyle — and more. 
Good address 
Located at H94o F a i r h a ­ v e n Dr. n e a r the T u rt le 
( reek Country Club, these fine a p a r t m e n t h om e s overlook the golf course on fairway number five. Resi­ dents of Country Club 

A p a r t m e n t s a re g ra n te d automatic m embership at 
Turtle Creek, with full use of all facilities — golf course, clubhouse, tennis courts, olympic pool and other recre ational a m e n ­ ities. 
This area also is one of 
San Antonio’s most presti­ gious recen t h o m e s ite s , with many fine schools, churches, banks, re s ta u r­ ants and stores close by. 
Country Club’s large GE all-electric units feature several decor arrange­ ments, with shag carpet and decorator bath and 

TIMBER RIDGE homes featured by three leading builders 
Timber Ridge homes boast extras 

A highlight til 
Timber 
Ridge this weekend will be the northwestern Bexar 
County neighborhood's tennis and swim club. 
"The junior olympic pool and twin tennis facilities are a real asset to the 
T im b e r Ridge c o m m u n i ­ ty.” stated .lim Kowalik of 
Trans Texas Homes. Rough cedar construction is fea­ tured in the picnic and dressing areas. Shaded a r­ ea s are provided as well. and the e n tire are a is fenced and well lighted for safety and beauty. 
Opportunity rills weekend is every-, o n e s opportunity to see one of tin* most beautiful co m m u n ity - rec re atio n centers in Bexar County 
Ronnie Jaros/ewski. Hid­ den Value Homes builder, says, “ Timber Ridge is an ex c itin g c o m m u n ity b e ­ cause of its convenience to 
CTS A. I ’SAA and the Med­ ical 
Center.” 
Timber 
Ridge is just three minutes north of Loop 41(1 on Cule- bra Road and only 2o from downtown. 
Buy, sell advice written 

Guidelines fur suc­ cessfully investing in land with maximal safety are spelled out in a new book by Rene 
A. Henry .lr., ‘‘How To 
Profitably Buy and 
Sell Land.” 
"The time is Bast when you can buy land and sit back to wait for immediate appreciation." Henry says. 
“ The o p p o rtunities a re there, but proceed with caution." 
Mistakes 
Explaining how to follow this advice, he shows would-be land buyers how to avoid the four most common m istakes of u n ­ successful land investors: poor timing, inadequate financing, choosing land without good investment potential or failure to recognize a p r o p e r t y ’s development possibilities. 
Henry , Who is e x e c u t e e 
OFFICER OF H TR, Los 
Angeles-headquartered in­ ternational public relations firm, draws on the exper­ ience of St) of the nation s leading real estate profes­ sionals to outline proven methods for surmounting investment problems. Us­ ing numerous case histor­ ies and p la n n in g c h e c k ­ lists, he gives detailed recommendations on: 
•Valuation and acquisi­ tion techniques 
•Funding sources, 
•increasing the value of raw land 
• Buying land already packaged for development. 
•Living with government regulations. 
•Recognizing when not to take advantage of un ap­ parently attractive investment. 
Henry has been profes­ sionally involved in hous­ ing, construction and real estate since Hi!)# He has counseled leading residen­ tial, co m m ercial and iiindustriul developers anil has been honored by 
"House & Home" and "A r­ chitectural Record." Since l%H he bas been executive secretary of tin* Council of 
Housing Producers. 

A member of the National 
Association of Real Estate 
Editors, Henry has served as a consultant to numerous 
Congressional committees on housing and to President 
Ford’s economic summit conference on housing and construction, 

"How To Profitably Buy and Sell Land" consists of 
2o4 pages and is listed al 
$14.95 with a publishing date of Feb. 4, 1977 Inquir- 
* les may be sent lo lls pub­ lisher, John Wiley & Sons 
Inc., 9o5 Third Ave., New 
York City, NY 1oo19. 

Another plus for Timber 
Ridge, in addition to its re­ creational facilities, are the advantages of fine North- side District schools, city ut lilt it's but no city taxes (a real sav ings to homeowners iii the area). 
City convenience, good schools and the like arc fine. blit Timber Ridge also1 offers fresh air. space, good n e ighbors and b e a u t iful rolling countryside. 
Priced from $4o,ooo, the three- and four-bedroom hom es in T i m b e r Ridge offer many energy-saving features, extra insulation, electric attic exhaust and double glass w indows, lo mention a few. Central beat 

C L A S S IF IC D IS M A Y 

 and air, self-c lea n in g ovens, d is h w a s h e r s , fin­ ished garages and patios also are featured 
F r a n k Corte of Quest 
Homes sta te s, “ T im b e r. 
Ridge is the community of the future ready for you to li\(* in today."* 
Model hom es arc open daily from noon until dark. 
F in an c in g is availa b le through FUA. VA or con­ vent lanai means, each with minimal interest rates. 
C om pleted ho m es arc now being ahown by Trails 
T ex a s 
Homes, 
Hidden 
Value H om es and Q u e st 
Homes — three of San An­ tonio's m ost re sp e cte d builders. 

THE T ELEM IN E S Y S T E M is com pact and takes up very little room. Films are on video tape, and the automatic timer on the left maintains the schedule. TeleMine providea a minimum of eight different films per month, plus bonus showings, each played several times in differ­ ent slots to give each subscriber m any oppor­ tunities to see each film. The system is being used in office buildings, apartment groupings and the like. It is based at 8 8 8 Seventh Ave., 
N ew York, N.Y. 
( 1oo 1 9 . 

C LA SSIFIED D IS M A Y 
C LA SSIFIED D IS M A Y cuKismco D IS M A Y 

 kitchen fixtures; dishwash­ ers, disposers and large refrigerators; individually controlled air conditioning and h e a t i n g -/convenient laundry and mail facilities; and washer-dryer connec­ tions in two- and three-be­ droom plans. 
In some units, there are beautiful vvoodburning fire­ places and vaulted beamed ceilings. 
Each unit at Country 
Club A p a r t m e n t s is d e ­ signed with your privacy and quiet in mind, featur­ ing individual e n tra n c e s and p riv a t e balcony or fenced patio. 
You can choose from either flat or stu dio floor plans, f u r ­ nished or unfurnished. The grounds are professionally l andsca ped and m a i n ­ ta ined, with ab u n d a n t parking for residents and their guests. 
Country Club boasts of a m e n it ie s such as a 
------------- C lA & t f lf D BUHAY-------- 

 sw im m ing pool with club facilities. 
An a p a r t m e n t homo at 
Country Club provides easy access to Northside District schools and, via NAV. IU IO, to other freeways leading to either downtown San An- to nio’are the scenic Hill 

Country. 
The complex, comparati­ vely small and personally managed, is reached most easily by exiting onto 
Wurzbach Road, proceed­ ing west to Data Poin t 
Drive and on to Fairhaven 
Drive. 

CLASSIFIED D IS M A Y 
C LA SSIFIED D IS M A Y 

Quality Homes in a Country 
Com munity 
Fro ttI 

* 55,ooo 
651-6237 

Ladshaw - M iller 
D w lo p n w n ^ J n t^ y 

R O S A N O UVE,* 

C h a t e a u x 
828-2291 

8o38 BROADWAY 
Is * 

Murray Management Corporation 

LOOK WHO* ON TOP 
OF SAN ANTONIO'S 
BEAL ESTATE 
MARKET 

Deanie Owens Company, Realtors. Always on top of San Antonio’s everchanging real estate market... providing you with the knowledge, experience and expertise to make the real estate decisions that are best for you. Being ou top means that we have our hand on the pulse beat of the city. We look for trends - financial,economic and general business directions to better determine what real estate moves can be positive for you. 
We offer full service real estate guidance on home buying and selling, rentals, farm and ranch property, commercial investments, recreational property, new home sales, and nationwide relocation and referral service. 
And we back It up with over 35o agents in 
22 offices all over the city. Stay on top with the real estate company that knows San Antonio and Texas. 
Deanie Owens Company, Realtors - the real estate professionals in the red coats. 
There’s a neighborhood Deanie Owens office near you 
Call us today. 
Mism 
Cit At to o * 

 f j VE AME OWENS CO. 

REALTORS 

\ 

1977 said to be ‘good year’ for S.A. housing 

San Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— Saturday January 15 1977 

If a1 of the economic indiciiors are pointing dow n,does that mean the Inusing market is h e a d ily downward, too? 
More specifically, what type of /ear w ill 1977 be for the potential home buyers 

 lA SS iF’tD DISMAY 

 in San Antonio? 
“ A Mood one — no ques­ tion about that,” says 
Jackson W. Goss, chairman and chief executive officer of Investors Mortgage In­ su ran ce Co. in Boston, a su b s id ia ry of Investors 
Mortgage Group, Inc. 
I MIC, a leader in the pri- vate m ortgage insurance 
CLASSIFIC!} D ISPLA Y 

 in d u stry , works with le n d ers, such as savings and loan associations, m u­ tu a l sav in g s banks and com m ercial banks, to in­ sure the top 2o-25 per cent of high-ratio conventional mortgage loans. 
In fact, says Goss, 
“ IMIC’s studies show that hom e buying will surge 
---------eu i m tp Don*!------ ~ 

WE JUST LOVE OUR BRICK 
FIREPLACE 
At La Ria za Apartments same o f our standard amenities in­ d ole separate family and single section • tennis courts • free membership to Racquetball (dub • large, walk-in ( Insets • two pods, sauna and health club • security service • and covered assigned parking • come live with us at I,a Plaza, you 'll enjoy the lifestyle ice offer. 

X A 
PLA 

115 NORTHWEST LOOP flIO 
I 
ACROSS FROM NORTH STAR M A U 
-J. 

3 4 1 - 4 6 2 1 

 forward in San Antonio next year.” 
Goss lists these h ig h ­ lights lo watch for: 

•R e c o rd num bers of young couples continue to e n te r the home buying market. “ They want their own home now; the word 
‘later’ is not in their voca­ bulary,” he emphasizes. 

•Availability of mortgage money growing, as savings increase. 
•The number of two — or m ore — income fam ilies continues to grow, as more and more women enter the labor force. 
•Home buying by singles 
— both male and female — will show an increase. 
• 197ti saw' a tremendous surge in demand for older, existing homes; 1977 will co n tin u e that trend. 
“ Prospective homeowners seem w illing to stretch their budgets for what they consider a good value,” he points out. 
•continued strong inter­ est in the “ extras,” such as dishw ashers, screened or glassed-in porches and patios, extra bedrooms and the like. 
We at IMIG think this ad d s up to a prom ising outlook for next y e a r ,” 
Goss concludes. “ Home seekers in San Antonio are going to m ake their own economic news by putting th e ir hopes — and th eir dollars — into their ‘dream house.’ 
“ And, that is not, by any m e an s, the ‘im possible’ dream .” 

CL ASSIM tD DISPLAY* 

LA PLAZA APARTMENTS fe a tu re 1o d iffe re n t flo o r plans to suit lifestyles 
La Plaza Apartments surrounded by amenities that include clubhouse 

La Plaza, an apart­ m ent co m p lex in the heart of northern San 
Antonio, will be show­ ing this weekend. 

This immense, tree-stud 

Cl A SLIFKO DISPLAY- 

 in 
San Pedro H ills 
I 

XA 

 ii 

J T U 

 ma-ack 
DIO*. C o m 

IU o*OOmI 

LfVIKCi 

CNI 

oo*1 YAKO 

CCM IW D 
(-AUO 

LM NII*'j 

 ohm a 

__ SIO* t- 
L 

GAM AOL 

22o7 Tory H.ll 

Particular people. They’re the ones that make everybody work a little harder. 
They’re always exact and require that extra effort, lf you're among these very particular, then enter the world of Design Homes in San 
Pedro Hills and find just what you ve been looking for. 

For starters, San Pedro Hills is a very special residential community. Especially developed for natural living. 
San Pedro Hills offers peaceful easy living in the beautiful forests of north San Antonio. San Pedro Hills means lighthearted times in the excitment and relax­ ation of the outdoors with the finest swim­ ming and Tennis facilities. 
And a special unexpected convenience of a city park and future school site centrally located plus a shopping center at the entrance. 

Design Homes of San Pedro Hills are also very special. Created in a variety of architec­ tural moods, from the traditional to the vibrant contemporary, the new Design Homes blend with the forest. Each Design Home em­ phasizes the natural setting taking advantage of wide open areas, courtyards, and dramatic window placement to flood the home with light and compliment the entire floor plan. 

Three and four bedrooms, spacious living areas, double hearthed fireplaces, creative kitchens, custom paneling with built-in bookcases . . . all are included in Design 
Homes in San Pedro Hills, 

It may sound unbelievable; but these homes start at only $47,5oo. 
O f course this includes full energy saving package with each home 

For information call 494-1 6 6 6 . 

S a n p e d r o 
Hi l l s 

 modal ^ |» ! 

S h a d .C M M 

\8rookhollow o\A 
CM 

L O O P 4 1 o 

 dod complex boasts both a com m unity spirit and an advantageous location in north central San Antonio at 115 NAV. Loop -111) 
A wide variety of a p a rt­ ment sizes and styles is el 
I'ered at the complex, where residents can choose from am ong IU different floor plans to suit their likings and lifestyles 
A cco rd in g ly , the rig h t kind of apartment is there for residents, ranging from single adults to young cou­ ples or large families. 
Also appropos is that the v arious a p a r tm e n ts a re grouped to separate the fa­ milies from tin' singles and couples, assuring the kind of privacy each desires. 
The location puts tin* complex right across the 

So it is, th en , that La 
Plaza has risen iii popular­ ity sine** its opening several years ago. But a choice lo­ cation certainly is not all it has to offer its residents. 
Its tree-studded setting would make it hard to think tiiat it actually is iii tile heart of all this activity. 
Meticulous landscaping at 
La Plaza is such that all trees are fully grown They certainly are not “ twigs” of nothing but promises. 
How well the trees shade the courtyard and pool a r ­ eas behind the tw o-story clu b h o u se is p ro b ab ly among the first things no­ ticed at La Plaza. 
M ore tre e s along the walkways lead to the green tennis co u rts, lighted at nights This is one ol the 
U»UP.Jrim..Nv.rlh V.-nvaud.. .VIVS.I.a., Phiz a.* Juts, heroine- 
I (‘litrat Park Malls, two ol the finer indoor shopping facilities in the city. 
Of co u rse , a location right off Loop JIO m akes m any m a jo r d e s t i n a t ion points readily accessible, including the northeastern in d u stria l p a rk s, office co m p lex es. South T ex as 
M edical ( ’e n te r . 
I SAA com plex, dow ntow n San 
Antonio and several North 
Past District schools. 

 the net set s favorite. Tin complex even offers tennis lessons taught by a profes­ sional. and to u rn a m e n ts are scheduled regularly. 
T h e g ran d c lu b h o u se p rese n ts a n o th e r way iii which La Plaza is ideal for those who enjoy lifestyles full of social (‘vents and g e ttin g to know th e ir neighborhood 
Tile Lu Plaza clubhouse is the p r o j e c t s site for 

CIA SSK IIO DISM AY 

 many scheduled activities. 
Some of the (‘vents sp o n ­ sored by resid en ts t he I ii - selves include c h a rte re d bus trip s they ta k e to ­ gether 

The clubhouse, of course, is more than inst a meeting place. It o ffe rs a p arty room, com plete w it Ii k it­ chen facilities, that o v er­ looks t he (>Ix m p ic -size swimming pool A carp et­ ed. relaxing conversation area is featured, too 
The lower level also is where “ exercise” is the key word The fully equipped ex e rcise ro o m , b o a s tin g full carpeting, wall mirrors and only the la te s t iii vveight-lift mg eq u ip m en t, is for men and women re ­ sidents at different hours 
. *‘>ClLu;atv ba I IU. nu lilies. for them adjoin the e x er­ cise room, with sauna and whirlpool b ath s for th e ir exclusive use. 
“ R e creatio n ’’ also is a key word. U p s ta irs is a game room featuring pool tables and ping-pong as on­ ly some of the am usem ents at La Plaza. 
“ Relaxation” enters the scene, too, with the balcony o verlooking th e ou td o o r amenities. 

C T A S SintD DIHHAY 

Here’s our new address 

> 

San Antonio EX P R ESS-N EW S— 
Saturday January 15 I 977Country Club honors name 

The best of the good life can be enjoyed at the 
Country 
Club 
A p a r tm e n ts in the 
Turtle Creek vicinity. 
There are plenty of rea­ sons that this a p a r tm e n t project offers that kind of lifestyle — and more. 
Good address 
Located at 863o F a i r h a ­ v e n Dr. n e a r the T u rt le 
( reek Country Club, these fine a p a r t m e n t h om e s overlook the golf course on fairway number five. Resi­ dents of Country Club 

A p a r tm e n ts a r e g r a n te d automatic m e m bership at 
Turtle Creek, with full use of all facilities — golf course, clubhouse, tennis courts, olympic pool and other recreational a m e n ­ ities. 
This urea also is one of 
San Antonin's most presti­ gious rec en t h o m e site s, with many fine schools, churches, banks, r e s ta u r ­ ants and stores close by. 
Country Club's large GE all-electric units fea ture several decor arrange­ ments, with shag carpet and decorator bath and 

TIMBER RIDGE hom es featured by three leading builders 
Timber Ridge homes boast extras 

A h ig h lig h t at 
T im b e r 
R id ge this w eekend will bt* the north w estern 
B ex a r 
County neighborhood’s tennis and sw im club. 
“ The junior olympic pool and twin tennis facilities are a real asset to the 
T im b e r Ridge c o m m u n i ­ ty," stated Jim Kowalik of 
Trans Texas Homes. Rough cedar construction is fea­ tured i i i the picnic and dressing areas. Shaded a r ­ eas are provided as well, and tin1 e n t ir e ar e a is fenced and well lighted for safety and beauty. 
Opportunity f lus weekend is every-, one's opportunity to see one of the most beautiful co m m u n ity - re c re a tio n centers in Bexar County. 
Ronnie Jaroszewski. Hid­ den Value Homes builder, says, “ Timber Ridge is an exciting c o m m u n ity b e ­ cause of its convenience to 
CTS A. CSA A and the Med­ ical 
Center.” 
Timber 
Ridge is just three minutes north of Loop 41o on Cule- bra Road and only 2o from downtown. 
Buy, sell 

Another plus for Timber 
Ridge, in addition to its re­ creational facilities, are the advantages of fine North- side District schools, city utilities but no city taxes (a real sav ings to homeowners 

 i i i the area). 
City convenience, good schools and the like are fine, but Timber Ridge also* offers fresh air. space, good n eig h b o rs and beautiful rolling countryside. 
Priced from $3o,ooo, the three- and four-bedroom homes in T i m b e r Ridge offer many energy-saving features, extra insulation, electric attic exhaust and double glass windows, to mention a few Central heat 

CLASSICO WSM.AY 

 and air. self-c lea n in g ovens, d is h w a s h e r s , fin ­ ished garages and patios also are featured. 
F r a n k Corte of Quest 
Homes s ta te s , “ T im b e r. 
Ridge is the community of the future ready for you to live in today.” ' 
Model homes are open daily from noon until dark 
F in a n c in g is availa b le through FUA. VA or con­ ventional means, each with minimal interest rates. 
C om pleted hom es a re now being allow i i by Trails 
T exas 
Homes. 
Hidden 
Value Homes and Quest 
Homes — three of San An­ tonio's most resp ected builders. 

C LA SSIFIED D ISP L A Y 

THE TELEMINE SYSTEM is compact and takes up very little room. Films are on video tape, and the automatic timer on the left maintains the schedule. TeleMine providea a minimum of eight different films per month, plus bonus showings, each played several times in differ­ ent slots to give each subscriber many oppor­ tunities to see each film. The system is being used in office buildings, apartment groupings and the like. It is based at 888 Seventh Ave., 
New York, N.Y. 
( 1oo19. 

 c l a s s if ie d D ISP L A Y 
C LASSIFIED D ISP LA Y 

 kitchen fixtures; dishwash­ ers, disposers and large refrigerators; individually controlled air conditioning and h e a t i n g ; #eonvenient laundry and mail facilities; and washer-dryer connec­ tions in two- and three-be­ droom plans. 
In some units, there are beautiful woodburning fire­ places and vaulted beamed ceilings. 
E ach unit at Country 
Club A p a r t m e n t s is d e ­ signed with your privacy and quiet in mind, featur­ ing individual e n tra n c e s and priv a te balcony or fenced patio. 
You can choose from either flat or studio floor plans, f u r ­ nished or unfurnished. The grounds are professionally la ndsca ped and m a i n ­ tain ed, with ab u n d a n t parking for residents and their guests. 
Country Club boasts of am e n it ie s such as a 
------------- C LA SSiFit o D U M A Y 

 swimming pool with club facilities. 
An a p a rtm e n t home at 
Country Club provides easy access to Northside District schools and. via N.W. Ill IO, to other freeways leading to either downtown San An- tonio ’are the scenic* Hill 

Country 
The complex, comparati­ vely small and personally managed, is reached most easily by exiting onto 
Wurzbach Road. proceed­ ing west to Data Point 
Drive and on to Fairhaven 
Drive. 

CLASSIFIED D lfP L A Y 
C LA SSIF IED D ISP L A Y 

Q uality H om es in a C ountry 
C om m unity 
From 

‘ 55,ooo 
651-6237 

Lodshaw - Miller 
Development Co., Inc. 

, o > t 

Chateaux 
828-2291 

8o38 BROADWAY 

M urray M a n age m e n t Corporation 

 written 

G uidelines for s u c ­ cessfully investing in land with m axim al safety are spelled out in a new book by Rent* 
A. Henry Jr., “How To 
Profitably Buy and 
Sell Land.” 
“The time is Past when you eau buy land aud sit back to wait for immediate appreciation,” Henry says. 
“ The oppo rtu n ities are there, hut proceed with caution.” 
Mistakes 
Explaining how to follow this advice, he shows would-be land buyers how to avoid the four most com mon m istake s of u n ­ successful land investors poor tim ing, inadequate financing, choosing land without good investment potential or failure to recognize a p ro p e rty 's development possibilities. 
Henry, who is executive 
OFFICER OF K PH. Los 
Angeles-headquartered in­ ternational public relations firm, draws on the exper­ ience of 5(1 of the nation s leading real estate profes­ sionals to outline proven methods for surmounting investment problems. Us­ ing numerous ease histor­ ies and p la n n in g c h e c k ­ lists, he gives detailed recommendations on: 
•Valuation and acquisi­ tion techniques 
•Funding sources. 
• Increasing the value of raw land. 
• Buying land already packaged for development. 
•Living with government regulations, 
•Recognizing when not lo take advantage of an a p ­ parently attractive investment. 
Henry has been profes­ sionally involved in hous­ ing, construction and real estate since 1856. He has counseled leading residen­ tial. c o m m ercial and mnduMrial developers and has been honored by 
“ House & Home” and “ Ar­ chitectural Record.” Since 
1868 he has Imh-ii executive secretary of the Council of 
Housing Producers 

A member of the National 
Association of Real Estate 
Editors, Henry has served as a consultant lo numerous 
Congressional committees on housing and to President 
Ford s economic summit conference on housing and construction. 

“ How To Profitably Buy and Sell Land” consists of 
263 pages and is listed at 
$14.85 with a publishing date of Feb. 4, 1877. Inquir- 
. les may be sent to its pub 
Usher, John Wiley & Sons 
Inc., 665 Third Ave., New 
York City, NY 16o16 

LOOK WHtfti ON TOP 
OF SAK ANTONIO'S 
BEAL ESTATE w i p v n n 
MLb P J ia I JL< 

Deanie Owens Company, Realtors. Always on top of San Antonio’s everchanging real estate market... providing you with the knowledge, experience and expertise to make the real estate decisions that are best for you. Being on top means that we have our hand on the pulse beat of the city. We look for trends - financial,economic and general business directions to better determine what real estate moves can be positive for you. 
We offer full service real estate guidance on home buying and selling, rentals, farm and ranch property, commercial investments, recreational property, new home sales, and nationwide relocation and referral service 
And we back It up with over 35o agents in 
22 offices all over the city. Stay on top with the real estate company that knows San Antonio and Texas. 
Deanie Owens Company, Realtors - the real estate professionals in the red coats. 
There’s a neighborhood Deanie Owens office near you 
Call us today. 

MtsQ3 
SuTtoe* 
♦ a a Beanie Ow ens co. 
R E A LT O R S 

1977 said to be ‘good year’ for S.A. housing 

San Antonio EXPRESS-NEW S— Saturday January T S I 977 
Page 

 lf all of tho economic indicators are pointing dovH, does that mean tho ' ousing market is heading downward, too" 
More specifically, what type of year will 1977 be for the potential home buyers 

7 
CLASAtflfD O ISK A y' 

 hi San Antonio? 
“ A good one — no ques­ tion about that.” says 
Jackson W. Goss, chairman and chief executive officer of Investors Mortgage In­ surance Co. in Boston, a su b sid ia ry of Investors 
Mortgage Group, Inc. 
1MIC, a leader in the pri- vate m ortgage insurance 

 in d u s try , works with len d ers, such as savings and loan associations, m u­ tu a l sav in g s banks and com m ercial banks, to in­ sure the top 2o-25 per cent of high-ratio conventional mortgage loans. 
“ In fa c t,” says Goss, 
“ IMIC’s studies show that hom e buying will surge 

WE JUST LOVE OUR BRICK 
FIREPLACE 

A t La Via zn A partm ents some of imr standard amenities in­ clude separate fam ily a n d single section • tennis ((tarts • free membership to R acquetball Club • large walk-in closets • two pods, sauna an d health club • security sendee • an d covered assigned pa rk in g • come lire with us ut I ai P laza . you'll enjoy the lifestyle ice offer. 
LA PLAZA 

115 NORTHWEST LOOP 41o 
ACROSS FROM NORTH STAR MAU 

3 4 1 -4 6 2 1 

 forward in San Antonio next year,” 
Goss lists these h ig h ­ lights to watch for: 

• Record num bers of young couples continue to e n te r the home buying m arket. “ They want their own home now; the word 
‘later’ is not in their voca­ bulary,” he emphasizes. 

•Availability of mortgage money growing, as savings increase. 
•The number of two — or m ore — income fam ilies continues to grow, as more and more women enter the labor force. 
•Home buying by singles 
— both male and female — will show an increase. 
•1976 saw' a tremendous surge in demand for older, existing homes; 1977 will con tin u e that trend. 
‘‘ Prospect ive homeowners seem w illing to stretch their budgets for what they consider a good value,” he points out. 
•Continued strong inter­ est in the “extras,” such as dishw ashers, screened or glassed-in porches and patios, extra bedrooms arid the like. 
We at IMIC think this ad d s up to a prom ising outlook for next y e a r ,” 
Goss concludes. “ Home seekers in San Antonio are going to m ake their own economic news by putting th e ir hopes — and th e ir dollars — into their ‘dream house.* 
“ And, that is not, by any m e an s, the ‘im possible’ dream .” 

 i n * ! ilflp itl i M 

'' * 
* 
; it 

‘•^TSiaMmit ■ ii 
LA PLA ZA A PA RTM EN TS feature 1o different floor plans to suit lifestyles 
La Plaza Apartments surrounded by amenities that include clubhouse 

Lu Plaza, an apart­ m ent com p lex in the heart of northern San 
Antonio, will be show­ ing this weekend. 

This immense, tree-stml- 

CLASSIFN D DISPLAY 
C lA SS IM ID DISPLAY 

 in 
San Pedro H ills 

EJ 

M A ilC K 
JC DAGO** 

 tux 

. M KROO* 

OC OMX** 

 s m 

LIVING 

 cur 

POACH 

 corno *ard 

 covf sen 
RAIO 

LUNING 

S IC A 

 r 
"I 
BRR f sr 
J 
J 
I 

I 
J 

22o7 Tory Hill 

Particular people. They re the ones that make everybody work a little harder. 
They re alw ays exact and require that extra effort, lf you’re am ong these very particular, then enter the world of Design Hom es in San 
Pedro Hills and find just what you ve been looking for. 

For starters, San Pedro Hills is a very special residential community. Especially developed for natural living. 
San Pedro Hills offers peaceful easy living in the beautiful forests of north San Antonio. San Pedro Hills means lighthearted times in the excitment and relax­ ation of the outdoors with the finest swim ­ ming and tennis facilities. 
And a special unexpected convenience of a city park and future school site centrally located plus a shopping center at the entrance. 

Design Homes of San Pedro Hills are also very special. Created in a variety of architec­ tural moods, from the traditional to the vibrant contemporary, the new Design Hom es blend with the forest. Each Design Hom e em ­ phasizes the natural setting taking advantage of wide open areas, courtyards, and dramatic window placement to flood the home with light and compliment the entire floor plan. 

Three and four bedroom s, spacious living areas, double hearthed fireplaces, creative kitchens, custom paneling with built-in bookcases . . . all are included in Design 
Hom es in San Pedro Hills. 

It may sound unbelievable; but these homes start at only $47,5oo. 
O f course this includes full energy saving package with each home. 

For information call 494-1 6 6 6 . 

S a n p e d r o 
Wi l l s 

 model 
* 

Shad a m 

 lied complex boasts both a com m unity spirit and an advantageous location in north central San Antonio at I la N AV. Loop Ain 
A wide variety of ap a rt­ ment sizes and styles is of­ fered at the complex, where residents can choose from am ong IO d ifferen t floor plans to suit their likings and lifestyles. 
A cco rd in g ly , tho right kind of apartm ent is there for residents, ranging from single adults to young cou­ ples or large families. 
Also appropos is that the v ario u s a p a r tm e n ts a re grouped to separate the fa­ milies from the singles and couples, assuring the kind of privacy each desires. 
The location puts the complex right across the 
Loop from North Star and 
< Vip raj Lark Malls two «»| tile liner liidooi ’shopping" facilities iii the city. 
Of co u rse , a location right off Loop 416 m akes m any m a jo r dost m at iou points readily accessible, including the northeastern in d u stria l p ark s, office co m p lex es. South T ex as 
M edical 
( e n te r, 
I SAA com plex, dow ntow n San 
Antonio and several North 
Lust District schools. cia I si mow rn ay 

So it is. then. that La 
Plaza has risen i i i popular­ ity since its opening several years ago. But a choice lo­ cation certainly is not all it has to oiler its residents lls I retest lidded setting would make it hard to think that it actually is iii the heart of all this aet iv Hv 
Meticulous landscaping at 
La Plaza is such that all trees are fully grown They certainly are not “ twigs” of nothing hut promises. 
How well tilt' trees shade the courtyard and pool a r­ eas behind the tw o-story clubhouse is p ro b ab ly among the first things no­ ticed at La Plaza. 
More tre e s along the walkways lead to the green tennis co u rts, lighted at nights This is one of the ways La Plaza has become the net sot’s favorite. The v uuVplC'V ovOTv offers tennis * lessons taught by a profes­ sional, and to u rn a m e n ts are scheduled regularly. 
The g ra n d c lu b h o u se p rese n ts an o th er way iii which La Plaza is ideal for those who enjoy lifestyles loll of social ev en ts and g e ttin g to know th e ir neighborhood 
The La Plaza clubhouse is tin* p r o je c t’s site for eu si miD MINAY 

 many scheduled activities. 
Some of the events spon­ sored by resid e n ts th e m ­ selves include c h a rte re d bus trip s they ta k e to ­ gether, 
The clubhouse, ut course, is more than just a meeting place, ll o ffers a p a rty room. com plete w it Ii k it­ chen faeilitios, that over- looks the O ly m p ie-size swimm ing pool A carp et­ ed, relaxing conversation area is featured, too 
The lower level also is where “ exercise” is the key word The fully equipped e x e rcise room , b o a s tin g full carpeting, wall m irrors and only rtrr la tes t i i i w eight-lift lug eq u ip m en t, is for men and women re- sideiits at different hours. 
S eparate hath facilities for them adjoin the exer- room .with .sauna and whirlpool b aths for th e ir exclusive use. 
“ H eereution” also is a key word. U p s ta irs is a gam e room featuring pool tables and ping-pong as on­ ly some of the am usem ents at La Plaza 
“ Relaxation” enters the scene. too. with the balcony o verlooking th e o u td o o r amenities. 

 cl A m m o a i m * t 

Here’s our 

 new 

 address 

San Antonio E X P R E S S- N E W S — Saturday January 15 1977 
Third Friday of 
Texas ‘Arbor Day’ recognized next week 
Dpurn to Earth 

Gardeners’ Q u e stio n s— Answers 

Bv TERRY WILBOURN 
COUNTY EXTENSION HOBTICUIUJRIST 
I have Ii\t*cl iii San Antonin for about a year. My neighbors spread top soil on their lawn each year, and they toll me I should, too. Is this a good practice? 

No. It is not a good prac­ tice. Somehow, this proce­ dure has becom e fa irly w id esp read . A little too thick a layer of soil w ill smother the g r a s s beside' 

 the possibility of bringing in weed seed, nematodes, grubs and other insects. 
It s a heap of work for nothing. 

Something is causing small spiral holes in a fashion around the trunk of my pecan tree. What could this be? 

Many think this is caused 

 by borers, but it is only a little yellow b elly s a p ­ sucker. Really! A cousin lo the woodpecker, this bird 

 drills the hole and revisits many times to feed on the sap. No ap p reciab le d a ­ mage is done. 

Small, yellow dots are appearing on my Areca Palm. 
What could be the cause? 

Sounds like spider mites 

 are feeding on the leases. 
S p ra y with kellh an e for control. 

Question* on venom aspects of lawn, garden or plant care, at well at landscaping, can ba answered in the Down to forth column. Please addrest any correspondence to the columnist himself and not this newspaper. Correct mailing address it Down to 
Earth, t/o Terry Wilbourn, County Extension Horticulturist, Texas Agricultural 
Extension Service, 2o3 W. Nuevo St., Room 31o, San Antonio, TX 282o7. 

Outlook bright 

The outlook for housing is brighter today than it has been iii three years. But there are many weak links 
Despite record inflows to thrift institutions, m ort­ gage interest rates remain at about 9 per cent — too high for millions of buyers. 
Although single-fam ily homes are being built at near record rates, there are signs thai the market for today’s median priced 

 home of $45,111o is drying up The basic problem is that housing prices and oc­ cupancy costs have gone up much faster than family income in recent years. As a result, the opportunity to own a home has slipped away from m illions of 
American families, includ­ ing the young, the elderly. 
Hie working poor and e\on middle income families iii metropolitan areas 

Occupancy cost 

, I :i ,i lo . Pl.'; '.' 75 (.'Cl led . mortgage interest rates in­ creased from 4.9 per cent in 
1955 to 9 per cent or higher in 1975, real estate taxes increased 541 pe r cent; ha­ zard induranee climbed 321 per cent, maintenance and repairs shot up ?H9 per cent and utility costs rose* 199 per cent 
Altogether, an­ nual housing expenses for a 

!VpJ‘...il,fin;jJv pi four .IU-., creased from $1,219 i i i 1955 to $4,954 in 1975 — an in- cre*ase of 5o4 pe*r cent. Cal­ culated another way. that comes to $411 a month to cove*r expense's in 1975‘s median priced home. as compared with $1o1 a month to cover the* mort­ gage* and other expenses of 
1955 s $15,4oo home 

ClASSIFIfO OI S P I AY 
C lA S ilH IO DISPLAY 

By T E R R Y W IL B O U R N 

COUNTY EXTENSION 
HORT ICUI TUBIST 

Arbor Day in Texas this year will be ob­ served on Jan. 21,the third Friday of the month. What better way to aid in preserv­ ing our environment than by planting a tree adapted to our area of 
Texas? 

You and your family e au plan on planting one or more tree's in your lands­ cape* for shade and beauty in the* years to come*. Fruit troe*s will provide delicious fruit for tho family. Maybe* you belong to a civie or garden club; what better way to beautify your com­ munity than to have a trc'e-planting project? 
Special event 
Arbor Day was once a special event in the* h\e*s of the citizens of this stale* In many communitie*s, Hie* tree's, so admired today, arc the* direct result of the* labor and attention gi\en sn readily In the* children and mte*re*s|i*<l adults of bygone* generations 
Iii recent \ c a r s . much has bern written about tin* 
\ al ne of t recs tor ot her purpose's I hail to pro\ ide* lumber and shade*. R e­ search reports indicate* tree* barriers can reduce noise levels as much a s 511 per cent 
They also se*rve* as giant air cleaners. filtering out the* d u s t a s we* 11 as utilizing the* carbon dioxide* iii the* air to produce* the* lumber and shade we* ne*e*el 
Too often, we* take* the* majestic beauty of our tre*e*s for granted, forgetting be*nefits thew give* us As a gift tee I ii I n re* generations. we should initiate* pro­ grams in our community to plant trce*s in our home* yards, parks, public grounds and many ut tlie- so-called wastelands. 
(live some* thought iii selecting varieties and specie's sn ii ce] to Hie area 
Too fre'.eiue-nH^vye arc im patient anet 'w a n t im ­ mediate re-siilis; so. weak. last-growlug varieties are* used. All too often, the silver maple*, cottonwood. 
Siberian elm and othe r rapidly growing tre*e*s grow, mature* and die out in erne* or two generations. For permanent plantings. select the oak. pecan. 

C lA SSm tD DISPLAY 

Put yourself in our p !d C 6 *e* 
Ten W est apartments you’ll never be 
. 

Iletiuliful a p a r I n t e n t s A 
I n n n h o u s e h I a n t i J h e t l r t n n n s m artin g 

/ n u n 
* 1 7 1 1 
I l n h h t m s e a m i 
/ d o / , i n t l i t h e n 
H e r e n n n p l e l e l x 

 f i m s h e t l . 
\ n u l l r e t i t l e l i e g I n t l y o u r e i n 
I l u r P l a c e . " T alk i i i t l l 

 n u t l e a s i n g a g e n t f u r f u l l 
/ M i r t h i i l t i r s a b o u t 
’O u r 
P l a t e " , 

 l i t e s r e o n t h e p r e m i s e s i l a i l s . 

Bt Js 

Bagroom 

T I 
(Open to Living 
Room Balow) 

UPf*fR 

It’s Your Life 
Live it up, or downstairs, or both. 

We have one bedroom studios and flats designed to make it easy for you to live just the way you like. Our glamorous studios feature a living area downstairs with a woodburnlng fireplace for chilly nights, and a loft bedroom overlooking all. The flats give equal importance to living and sleeping rooms, plus a separate dining room and a large walk-in closet 
Whichever you choose, you’ll enjoy the unique Woodbin lifestyle — a way to get away without leaving home There s lots of fresh air . . . quiet nights, three pools, tennis courts, and two clubhouses 
Plus. Woodhull localion makes n easily accessible to almost anywhere it s only one minute from 1-1o, three to neighborhood shopping at Colonies 
North, five to malls like 
Northstar. and 3o from 
Medina and Canyon lakes 

 flail t m Studies $223 
AU 
° P « n 1,1 ^ S k 

 extra tewviweete well beld year apartment ‘ lia r 3o days- 
WOODHill 
APARTMENTS 
49o9 Woodstone Drive 69o-17oo 

 cedar, bald cypress. 
Deodar cedar and similar species. 
Lists of recommended shade and fruit trees can be obtained by calling or writ­ ing the Texas Agricultural 
Extension Service office. 
2o5 VV. Nueva St.. Room 
31o, San Antonio. TX 782o7. 
Arbor Day is not exclu­ sive to Texas. AII 5o states, plus Guam, Puerto Rico and the V irg in Islands, recognize Arbor Day. The designated date for Arbor 
Day also varies from state to state, depending on the best planting season. Tex­ as, because of its southern location, has one of the earlier dates. The Texas 
State Legislature, in 1949, adopted a resolution desig­ nating the third Friday in 
January as Arbor Day. 
When planting a bare- root tree, the planting hole should he at least 12 inches wider and six inches deeper than the spread and depth tof the root system. When digging hole, set aside the top six inches of soil in one pile and most of the subsoil 

 iii another. The last few shovelfuls should he placed 

 iii still another pile for building a dike around wa­ tering basin later. 
VV itll the top soil pile. mix up a “ root zone’’ soil by mixing equal j>arts of or­ ganic matter, such a s moistened peat moss and top soil I sing the “ root zone” soil, make a cone- shaped mount Set the root crown at same depth it originally grew, as deter­ mined by the soil-stained ring at the has** of the trunk Work soil mix under and around the roots to eliminate air pockets. 
Before adding more soil, drive a 2 by 2 inch stake, about six to eight feet long. six inches from the trunk on the side toward tho prevailing wind 
F ill remainder of hole aud build a watering wind 
F ill remainder of hole and build a watering basin bv placing a ridge or dike lour to five inches high iii a circle two to three feet away from trunk 
. 
..Yuj>iTJC> >.cj| 
■ containers of various ma­ terials and shapes 
Straight-sided cans should be cut at the nursery if you are going to plant the tree the same day. lf you are going to plant at a later date, don’t have the can cut; a cut can is almost impossible to keep watered 

C IA SSIN ID DI SALAY 

CLASSIFIED d is p l a y 
T O Y s M I d W p l a y 
CLASSIFIED DISPLAY 
CX ASSI m o DISPLAY 

JU }t Cl little b e t t e r 

S U P E R B H O M ES has a tradition of taking extra time with details and of using the finest craftsmen which makes their product "JU S T A L IT T L E B E T T E R " and sets them apart from others. This can be seen dramatically in the home located at 14315 Citation in C H U R C H IL L E S T A T E S . Featuring four bedrooms, two baths and a huge family room with fireplace, this is one you will want to see this weekend. Other features include an old-fashioned country kitchen; lots of trees and an energy-saving package unequalled in the industry. It's priced at $61,6oo. See this home and another model at 
14714 Churchill Estates Blvd. between 1o and 6 Saturday or 1 and 6 Sunday. 
For further information call 492 2521. 

1 University Oaks 
2 Woods of Shavano 
3 Churchill Estates 
4 Hunters Creek 

.. 
. Jrjo m S 4Q.ooo. 
. from $5.o.ooQ 
. from $6o,ooo 
_from $7o,ooo 
492 1o43 
492-1o43 
492 2521 
492 2521 

 by Jesse and Bruce Baker 

I M 
V E R S A L C IT Y 'S F IN E S T 

N o maintenance chores.Plenty of shopping! 

 hurtle Cne1{ 
Located off the fairways of Turtle Creek Country 
Club in northwest San Antonio, Turtle Creek offers large rooms, fireplaces, full service kitchens, and many other features. Efficiencies, townhouses, 1 and 2 bedrooms. 
696-451o/8631 Fairhaven Drive lim n houses. 
TI B T U ; CHEEK 
APARTMENTS 
8631 PAIK HAN EIX IIH. 
696-131o 

2 
Bedroom two bath one bedroom townhouse with fireplace. 

HWU OAK MEADOW DK. 638-3319 

2 Bedroom & 2 baths and only one bedroom apartment left. f 

' Y ’our own clubhouse, tennis courts and private pool, too. 
Court Yards 

N ear Historical Parks. 
4 h 
I ll I O \HDE ND VEE 
696-1892 

""Vou’re close to schools. ^ J^ p d ie rs anil dryer fa«-iliti»* 

OASIS 
APARTMENTS 

1o387 SAVARD 
311-211 I 

2 Bedroom & 2 bath from $25o and 
3 bedroom-2 bath from 
$285. 

The properties listed in this ad are several of San Antonio's finest and are professionally managed by GPM Corp. A di vision o f Vptmore and 
Associates. 

Uptmore and Associates 

We’re building more into living 

• 6 9 6 - 1 4 1 2 • 6 9 6 - 2 5 2 2 

I':,. 
.lr.. itlfe 
THE PIER APARTMENTS, 1946 N.E. Loop 41o, built by ‘w aterside’ 

San Antonio E X P R E S S -N E W S — 
Saturday January 15 I 9 7 7 
Page I 3-D 
Oak Meadow homes built by Sitterle, offered by Chipman 

CLASSIFIED D ISP L A Y 
C LA SSIFIED D tS P llY ~ 

WHERE YOU LIVE 
IS YOUR BUSINESS. . • 
HOW YOU LIVE IS OURS. 
• I Bdr. $183-$195 
• Adult living 
• 2 Bdr. $233-$243 gfii W 
• Vt Block off 
• 3 Pools 
W 
M 
41o Near f f l B 
North Star Mall 

THE BRITTANY 

86o7 JONIS MALTSBERGER 
341-3126 

‘Waterside’ at The Pier 
At The P ie r , you d o n ’t “ live in a fis h ­ bowl.” T h e re ’s an in­ ner circle of privacy. 
Curs en nu* and go only on the outer per imeter, giving t e n a n t s a n d g u e s t s e a s y a cce ss to the apartments. 

This leaves the luxurious 

CLASSIFIED D ISP L A Y 

Give your family the home they deserve at a price you can live with. 

 from$32,ooo 

Timber Ridge offers exciting new homes in the growing 
Northwest. San Antonio's finest builders dre represented Model horner are open IO am tut dark. So drive out today and took us over Just 3 minutes north of loop 41o at the Culebra Road exit 

• City utilities 
• No city taxes 
• Northside schools 
• 1oo% Brick homes 
• 3 & 4 Bedroom homes 
• Tennis & swim club 
• Central heat & air 

TIMBER 
RIDGE 
~ V L tBf?A 

^TUMBER RIDGE 
The place where you belong. 

 b e a u t y of the s w e e p i n g , central groun ds and tin’ a t ­ tractive recreational offer­ ings of The Pier u n m a rr e d by traffic disturbances. 
S w i m m i n g and s u n b a t h ­ i ng. o r p a r t y i n g in the pavilion, have the feeling of privacy. Residen ts m a y e n ­ tertain or .just plain re la x outdoors in a truly peaceful setting. 
I t ’ s a p a r k - l i k e a t m o s ­ phere, com plete with little l a k e s a n d m o a t s , law n chairs and tables, trees and pretty plantings. The scene from the fun a r e a at T h e 
Pie r d o e s n ’t include p a s s ­ in g t r a f f i c . But p a s s i n g du ck s? Ye s! 
L i v i n g i n d o o r s is a l s o great at The P ie r Many of its a p a r t m e n t s a r e w a t e r ­ side; all are luxurious All have deck or patio 
V a r i o u s o n e* a n d two-bedroom units be co m e a v a i l a b l e f r o m t i m e to t im e , both f u r n i s h e d an d unfurnished. 
Th ere are particular plans favored by sha rin g singles or students. 
So m e are most suitable for the m a r r i e d c o u p l e — f a ­ mily living designs. Certain p l a n s i n c l u d e a “ b o n u s ro om .” ideal for an office at h o m e , a s m a l l den or l i ­ brary. The carpeting in all a p a r t m e n t s is h a n d s o m e . 
Ce rtain of the a p a r t m e n t s boast special features, such 
..... as, a up! ice . \ aul ted. ceilings, a wet liar or book­ shelves or a combination of all of these 
The two-bed­ room, two-bath units in­ clude their own utility room with w a sh er -d ry e r con nec­ tion. lf w h a t you w a n t is a l u x u r i o u s . a f f o r d a b l e a p a r t m e n t in a w ell- m a in­ t a i n e d c o m p l e x that a s ­ s u r e s you p r i v a t e e n j o y ­ ment. find yours tins w ee k­ end at The Pier. T a k e the 
Harry Wurzbuch Road exit from NTC. Loop 4111, follow the a c c e s s road to 1948 NTC. 
Loop 41o. 

Savings, loans 

A drop in m a rket interest rates paid by other sav in g s institutions led to a record 
J u l y saving s flow into s a v ­ ings and loan associations of $3.3 billion, reports the 
Feder al Home Loan Bank 
Board. The exc ess of depo ­ sits over withdrawals was more than double the $1.35 billion iii J u n e of 1o7o. 

CLAiHniD&liAUY 

Ju st Com pleted 

NEW HOMES 

3-4-5-BEDROOMS 

OKE A M J THO STORY 
*58,9oo to '77,9oo 

• B L I S S O M 
C h i l l s 
E J 
NEW GARDEN HOMES 

 r 
O SE 
TH O STOK Y SOME 

 ll IIH ll ET ll ARS, 2 t* 3 HEI) ROOMS 

$46,9oo to $52,9oo 
(NO MOM IIL) ASSESSMENT) 

13315 CASSIA WAY 
5 B E D R O O M S , A R A T H S 
Blossom llills. Rolling wooded Uhs located in un enchanting country atmosphere. Just off Sun Pedro at Hitters Rd. He rf vc- lion trafted homes in a captivating country st eno. 

V/;. SCHOOL HIST. 
(OKER ELEMENT IR) 
AT EN TRA NCC 

OPES 

SAT. -SI V. 

HIAR) TIL IH SR 
DAIL) TIL IH sh 
494-2977 

Although the Oak 
Meadow r e sid e n tia l area already is e stab ­ lished iii recent Bexar 
County history, the c o m m u n ity m o re r e ­ cently has b e c o m e a s e ttin g for 
S itte r le 
Properties homes. 
Oak M e a d o w . the “ quiet c o m m u n i t y ” l o c a t e d off 
N YV. 
M i l i t a r y H i g h w a y n or t h of L o c k h i l l - S e l m a 
R o a d , h a s been g iv e n an e n t i r e l y new look bv S i t ­ terle Properties, which lias extensively landsca ped the area, added am enitie s and built i m p r e s s i v e hom es to c o m p l e m e n t t h e i r s u r ­ roundings. 
Model shown 
A furnished model w ill be a h i g h l i g h t a m o n g O a k 
M e a d o w h o m e s t h is w e e k e n d . (Iny ( ’ h il l m a n 
Co., R e a l t o r s , will be on hand to d i s p l a y the new 
Sitterle homes, ra n g in g iii size from three to five b e ­ d r o o m s iii o n e or two s t o r i e s ; in p r i c e , f r o m under $5o,11o(1. 
B e s i d e s t he f u r n i s h e d model, other homey can tic inspected t h i s weekend 
A s well, v isitors can lour the area and take a good look at the h o m esit es t hem selv es. 
A l t e r a l l , S i t t e r l e 
P r o ­ perties welcomes plans for custom building, too 
Included in the S i t t e r l e h o m e s ’ i m p r e s s i v e e x t e r ­ iors of 75 per cent m a so nr y a r e c e d a r r o o f s for the h o m e s on l a r g e l o t s with pebble-fimsh walks, dr iv es and patios. 
T h e i r s t r i k i n g i n t e r i o r s c o n t a i n l u x u r y a p p o i n t ­ ments such as fully c a r p e t ­ ed living, dining and s l e e p ­ ing a r e a , re a l b r i c k f i r e ­ p la ces . tiled e n tr ie s, c u s ­ tom c a b i n e t s f in i s h e d on the job, full c e r a m ic baths and showers and decorator kitchens with top-oi-the- line appliances. 
T h e m o r e 
“ h i d d e n ” v a lu e s c o n t a in ed in t h e s e home include excellent in­ sul at io n all a r o u n d , ev en styrofoam sheathing. 
Oak Meadow really lives nj) to its nam e, as visitors wilt s e e d u r i n g the op e n house Homes are built in a real “ m e a d o w ” a r e a , and there a r e h o m e s it e s iii an 
“ o a k s ” area, too. 
The com mun it y is within tin1 North F a s t School D is ­ trict and slightly re mo ved from the San Antonio City 
L i m i t s , which m e a n s , of c o u r s e , no c ity t a x e s f i ­ g u r e d into mo nt hly h o m e payments. Schools s e r v i n g the a r e a a r e C h u r c h i l l 
High. J a c k s o n Middle and 
C a s t l e Hi lls E l e m e n t a r y . 
U n i t i e s are provided, and, as one would expect for a community of this caliber, they are underground 

Oak Mea dow 's location is a s a d v a n t a g e o u s us it is s e r e n e , b e i n g n e a r the t h o r o u g h f a r e s NAV. M i l i ­ t a r y H i g h w a y a n d L o c k ­ h i l l - S e l m a 
R o a d . 
J u s t s l i g h t l y f a r t h e r f r o m the entranceway are N YV. F M 
18o4 a n d N YV. L o o p 41(1, m a k in g m a n y more m a j o r d e s t i n a t i o n po in ts e a s i l y accessible. 

O a k M e a d o w r e s i d e n t s enjoy their own e x c lu s iv e 

-----------------c l a U W W w t r o n r 

KSW Sjjo 

O AK M EADO W homes marketed by Guy Chipman Co., Realtors 

 r e c r e a t Iona I a m e n i t i e s 
T h e y a r e to i n c l u d e a sw i m m i n g pool, two tennis c o u r t s , c l u b h o u s e , s p o r t s courts an d even a p ic n ic 

 a r e a . T h e s ite is l o c a t e d s t r a t e g i c a l l y w it h in the c o m m u n i t y ’ s s o m e 
22o acres 
Open house horn s for Oak 

M ea d o w w ill he f r o m ll) a iii lo 7 p rn daily except 
S u n d a y s a n d 
M o n d a y s , when they are from noon to 
7 p.m. 
Homes in 
B built to save energy 

Imagine a new home for the holidays, the w arm th of a wood- burning fireplace and facilitated VA financ­ ing! 
Yo u 'd find all of this now in Briarwick. 
Latest designs 
Energy-economizing hom es by Royal ( rest are p r i c e d f r o m 
$.11,85o to 
$17,ooo. They offer not onLy th e l a t e s t c o n s t r u c t i o n technique s hut als o the la ­ test d esig ns 
T h e e x c lu s iv e TotalYVall 
Insulation Sy ste m protects each home from the outside e l e m e n t s and i n s u l a t e s it most efficiently. 
F e d d e r s Rotary Air Con­ diti on in g is the m o s t effi ­ cient for this particular size home. A power attic vent e l i m i n a t e s e x c e s s h ea t from the attic au to m a ti cal ­ ly. 
All the windows are dou ­ b l e g l a z e d , p r e v e n t i n g un necessary energy e sc a p e and reflecting e x c e s s heat. 
AH B r i a r w i c k h o m e s a r e 
IOO p e r c e n t m a s o n r y , me a n in g not only better in­ sulation but l e s s m a i n t e n ­ ance a s well. 
B e s i d e s t h e s e e n e r g y - economizing features, each 
Br ia rw ic k home has all Hie lu x u r ies you look for in a new h om e. E x q u i s i t e c a r ­ p e t in g , p r o f e s s i o n a l l y d e ­ c o r a t e d i n t e r i o r s a n d k it ­ c h e n s w ith d i s h w a s h e r s , di spo sers, r a n g e s and vent hoods. 
Many h a v e fireplaces, in­ door utility rooms, sunken 

C LA SSIFIED D ISP L A Y 

 l i v i n g a r e a s a n d g a r d e n kitchens. 
T h e s e t t in g is be au t if u l a n d s e r e n e , a t o p a lull overlooking Northern Hills 
Country Club. Briarwi ck is a w a y f ro m the noi se an d c o n g e s t io n of city liv in g, yet l e ss than two m i n u t e s a w a y , s h o p p i n g c e n t e r s provide eve ry convenience 

 and no city taxes 
T h e ch ildr en at ten d the pr e fe r r e d North F a s t D i s ­ trict schools Regency E l e ­ mentary , the new Madison 
M i d d l e a n d 
M a c A r t h u r 
High 
Se c w h a t 's new iii h o u s ­ ing today. Se e the energy e c o n o m i z e r s t o d a y in 
B r ia r w ic k . 

C LA SSIFIED D U M A Y 

EL MADRID 
APARTMENTS 

A v a ila b le N o w 

I Bedroom 

$ 1 8 o 

I Bedroom W ith Fireplace 
$19o 

- A ll Bills Paid! 

2 B e d ro o m 2 Bath w / Fireplace 
$235 
2 B e d ro o m 2 Bath w / Fireplace 
$23o 

Office Hours 
Weekdays — 9 to 5 
Sunday — I to 5 
Superb location 
696-2846 
Quiet, friendly atmosphere 
6111 Vance Jackson 

■c t *. TTTtTt'T t T g m 
T i ’e t t s . t t t t t f i * TTP 

San Antonio EXPRESS-N EW S— Saturday January 15 1977 

Rome price increase has several reasons 

 s, 

■ s. TSI 
/ -v 

, '4 y<-‘" ' 

By FRAN K M A N U PELLI 
P P E S I D E N T , G R E A T E R 
S A . B U I L D E R S A S S O C I A T I O N 
The median price of new homes sold so far this year, nationally, is about $43,ooo. 
When this is added to record mortgage, utility, insurance and tax rates, as well as other costs of home ownership, less than one in five American families can afford today's median priced home. 
Studies sought 
Why have housing prices gone up about 111 per cent annually for the past five 
\ears? Recognizing certain inflationary pressu res, when1 can costs be cut? 
In an effort to get to the answers, National Associa­ tion ot Home Builders 
(N A B B ) stall experts, in recent months, have sorted through a number of hous­ ing costs studies conducted in various parts of the country. 
As a result. N A BB has accumulated a vast assort­ ment of facts and figures on 
(he pressures that are forc­ ing housing costs up iii every stage of the con­ struction process — from the day a builder first draws up lits plans to the day he sells tile home. 
Land costs 
While it is impossible to draw conclusions \abd na- t ioiiw id** since stat Isl ies vary from one commumtv to the next, definite trends and patterns have emerged. 
The ma jor problem areas for builders who attempt to hold down costs are cited in almost all the studies as: 
•Sharp increases in the price of land; 
•Federal, state, county and local regulations, par­ ticularly lees and requir­ ements iii the land de\ clopment process; 
•High construction fin­ ancing costs caused by forced delays, with high in­ terest rates taking their loll. 
Although no single factor can be blamed entirely, land costs' have 'increased more than any item in building a home. The cost of a finished lot iii many a r e a s (aday accounts for nearly IM per cent of the sales price. 
N A IIB ’s 
Bionom ics 
Department recently took a look at what has happened to land, material, labor and fmancmg costs in the past 
IIH y ears. 
In DMH. m a major me­ tropolitan area, materials and on-site labor costs ac­ tually needed to build a home accounted lor HH per cent of the SH.THU sales price. Land and financing costs accounted for only bi lier cent of the sales price. while the builder s over­ head and profit look up the remaining la per cent. 
By IHT.-), the cost break­ down had shifted dram a­ tically. Material and on-site labor costs accounted for only Th per cent of the sales price of a S IH. jim home Tile big drop here was iii the reduction of man hours needed to build a home because of technological advances, including use of components. But this de­ cline iii labor costs was more than off.ser by sharp increases iii land, site development anil financing costs, which, by 1H75. ac­ counted for HH per cent of the s a l e s price. Overhead and profit, meanwhile, de­ clined to I? per cent of the sales price 
Iii other words, less than alf cents of each do llar in­ vested by a consum er iii a new home today goes to pay lur the m aterials aud labor actually needed to erect a home iii some areas of the country. 
Regulations 
Other studies have revealed the same trend 
The 
Florida 
Home 
Builders Association, iii a 
HO-mmute film called 
"N ice, But Not Neces­ sary . " identified H4 un­ necessary construction and land use requirements that, it eliminated, could reduce housing prices by several thousand dollars iii 
Florida. 
A re|M»rt, prepared by the 
< obtrude Association of 
Bousing and 
Building, showed that site develop­ ment costs for a typical single-family home iii 
< (dorado increased 84 per cent in five years, from 
$3.4M to taunt! in 1H75. Al­ most half of this increase was caused by new regula­ tions, int lulling a jump 
I rom $4(M) to Iii .SINI in w ater and sewer tap fees, an ad­ ditional $|jt) for under­ ground storm drainage, un increase of 
$;jn in engineering arid planning lees and another 12o11 to cover new regulations So, iii a five-year period, new regulations governing land development alone have 

 added $1,3oo to the price of a Colorado home. 
“ At tin* same time, there has been a tendency for local governmental entities to insist upon new develop­ ment paying its own way,” the Colorado study said. 
"Hence, there have been pressures on builders to provide more help in fin­ ancing schools, parks, water and sewer lines, streets, etc.” 
Besides sewer tap fees, required land donations for schools, parks and open space often account for 15 per cent of the total sub- division land, the study showed. 
In effect, communities arc shifting the tax burden. 
Instead of levying taxes against all community re­ sidents tu pay for new municipal services and facilities, local officials arc forcing new homebuyefs to pay the full cost of sewer linos, roads, schools • od other facilities required by a new development. 
Sewer fees 
In northern Virginia, the problem is more acute because sewer m orator­ iums and other no-growth policies have caused a r­ tificial shortages of land. 
Raw land prices for a typical single-family home increased I IO per cent to 
$8.(1o11 m IHT.) from $3,8oo i i i 
1HHH. Lot development costs increased 74 per cent to 
Sidon in I HTN from $B,oH3 iii I HHH. 
N A BB researchers are finding that not only do these lot development requirements cost more but take months, even years sometimes, to process the scores of applications and forms through federal, stati1, county and local bur­ eaucracies While it is im­ possible to calculate the exact costs of red tape, the amount of time and money spent of paperwork today iii increasing at an alarming pace. 
Iii Colorado, for instance, it takes six to nine months for FU A approval; about three* for VA approval lit a subdivision of more than 
5oo lots. it takes a m in­ imum of one year to process an Environmental impact Statement ( E IS ) through MI D 
At the state level, it takes at least 18o days to obtain an effluent discharge per­ mit required by clean water legislation. 
At the county or city level, it takes from three' mouths to two years to get a zoning plan approved through the various zoning and planning agencies. 
Clean air 
At a location near 
Denver, the owner of an idle 15-acre site was or­ dered by the county, which enforces the clean air stan­ dards. to apply a soil stabilizer and seed to reduce dust levels 
Tile cost of the applica­ tion was $4.(UMI or $27 per dwelling unit for a proposed density of lh units per acre. When construc­ tion begins, the developer estimates it will cost $3o(1 a day for labor, equipment and water to comply with 
(lie dust control standards. 
In Arapahoe County, Col., processing time for single-family zoning ap­ plications averaged HIH days in 1H7o Five years later, Hie average was up lo 
I H3 days. 
Subdivision processing iii 
Boulder 
County rose, from three months in IHTil, to seven months iii 1975. 

“ I he most measurable effect of delay was the cost of carry ing charges.” in­ cluding taxes, insurance, payroll and construction financing costs, the Color­ ado study concluded. “ Of greater concern, however, is Bu' increase iii uncer­ tainty us to whether a proposed subdivision will receive all the necessary approvals.” 

In California, the average delay in processing an E IS through the state is about four months. The cost of this delay, the Construction 
Industry Research Board of 
Southern California cs- 
Minutes, is about 1211-a-day oil a $4H,(MHI home, or $2.3o(1 tor the four-month period 

The risks are even higher for developers who want to build homes or subdivi­ sions along C alifornia's 
1,1oo-mile coast, an area which falls under the juris­ diction of one of the tough­ est zoning laws in the country. 

For example. 
AVCO 
Community 
Developers 
Inc. was denied a building permit for a proposed sub­ division along the coast, even though the firm had spent $2 million to grade* the land before the 1973 state coastal zoning law was ever enacted. 
Ender the coastal zoning law, all proposed develop­ ments along the California coast which had not started 
“ substantial construction” as of February, 1973 had to be approved by the state 
Coastal Zone Management 
Commission. 
This ruling was recently upheld by the California 
Supreme 
Court, which ruled that rough grading — even $2 m illion worth — didn't qualify as “ substan­ tial construction.” 
Asphalt Jungle' 
Road and grading requirements are another point of controversy. The 
Northern Virginia Builders 
Association (N V BA ), in a slide show entitled "T h e 
Asphalt Jungle . . . Today ’s 
Subdivisions,” documents the growing number of requirements mandated in this arca over the last two decades. 
In the 195(1 subdivision, 
Hie main entrance was 

CLAI5IFIED DISPLAY 

 required to be 36-feet wide, gradually tapering down to a 22-foot roadway with shoulder parking. Homes were built on the natural terrain, perserving the rolling hillsides and an abundance of mature trees and shrubs. To compensate for the narrow’ streets and rolling terrain, speed limits were reduced to 15 miles per hour in some areas as a safety measure. 

The main entrance to tho 
I RHO subdivision, on the other hand, was required to be 7o feet wide. Most of the mature trees had to be cut down to meet grading and street slope requirements. 
In place of trees, there were several water inlets, more asphalt, more parking space, curbs and gutters, as well as sidewalks, on both sides of the street. 
The study also compared 
195o standards to today’s road requirements. If the 
195o subdivision road were constructed today, it would cost an additional $17.19 per linear foot to build. That is un increase of about $92,ooo per mile. That comes to an additional $1,ooo per home. 
"Today’s ‘asphalt jungle’ is wider, sturdier, faster, hotter and costlier, with fewer trees than ever before," NVBA President 
John Pflug says. “ Perhaps, several of these so-called amenities are found desir­ able by the . '('luent, but, for tile l)tiIk of \ i:^niuns. these costly add-ons are playing a substantial role in driv ing the price of housing far beyond their moans." 

THUNDERBIRD HILLS, found off Ingram and 

Callaghan Roads inside 
Loop 41o, will feature this frill-filled home at 
6231 Farragut in the 

 northwestern San An­ tonio community. 

Homes here are built by the reputable, estab­ lished building firm of 
W .R. Craig. This home includes three be­ drooms, two w allp a­ pered baths, two-car aerage, rock exterior, 
Formal rooms, full car­ peting, utility room and kitchen with modern appliances. 

ClASSinCO D U K A T 
CLASSIFIED OI SALAT 
C LA SS IF IC D ISPLAY 
CLASSIFIED DISALAT 

CLASSIFIED DISPLAY 

WE START WITH A PATIO AND 
BB 
U N I Q U E ... 
. 

 is the word for [.’Atrium 
Apartments. Spacious grounds give a feeling of freedom. 

D E S I G N .. . 

 provides for a privacy seldom found in apartment living regardless of floor plan. 

F L O O R P L A N S 

 with enough room to accommodate oversized furniture. 

 r a 

* !o 

 e tsoso 
§ 
Pl 

SA­ 
SOo 

A few minutes drive from 
South Texas Medical Cen­ ter, the University of Texas at San Antonio campus, the 
Wonderland Shopping Cen­ ter, and only 15 minutes from downtown. 

N A T R IU M S O F 

 r ' I N N A M © N l £ ) / " 'R E E K o 

 lf) 
Os9214 DARTBROOK DR. 696-o146 

 mamma 

TUCKED AWAY 
AMONG THE TREES 
YET ONLY ONE 
MINUTE FROM IH IO 
ADULT & FAMILY 
SECTIONS 

69o-17oo 
49o9 WOODSTOCK 

Impact 

- / A ry l '/J- 

Sundance 
4615 GARDENDALE 

6 9 o -8 3 2 o 

CHANGING CONCEPTS IN 
ADULT LIVING 

I 

APARTMENTS O N THIS PAGE ARE 
SH O W N IN THEIR APPR O X. LOCATIONS 

 rd 
P 
C t o n i a n 

732-9611 

3939 Fredericksburg Rd. 

1-2-3 
Bedrooms 

I * Sty*, by 
G ufewvestors 

APARTM INIS. 

9525 LORENE 
344-9888 

’/^VJONPOIHT 

HOMESTYLE APARMENT 
LIVING 
451 5 Gardendale 

691-1o44 

APARTMENTS 

Separate Adult and 
Family Sections 
Washer & Dryer 
Connections 

Unfurnished 

344-9771 

35o1 Pin O ak Drive 

9 EL MADRID 
APARTMENTS 

• Fireplaces 
• 'Complete 
All electric kitchens 

• Washer-Dryer 
Connections 
• All Bills Paid 

696-2846 
6111 Vance Jackson 

O COUNTRY CLUB 
APARTMENTS 

\n ideal location 

N e x t In I a r t ic ( re e k 
< .nil ('.our-** 

6 9 6 - 7 o I K lUi.tO I anlia* ell I kris r 

The Heritage 

Apartments 
I I different floor plans — 
All with patios 
Priced from $215 — All Bills Paid 

1543 Babcock 
341-2228 

I & 2 Bd. Apts. 

From '165 

T er r a 

A lta 

F U R N IL U N F U R N 

IDEAL F O R C O U P L E S 

A N O S T U D E N T S 

411 EVEREST 
8 2 8-53 3 o 

New housing production has a vast ripple effect on the U S. economy. For example, production of an additional BN),(NNI housing units would create 185,IMM) jobs for skilled and uns­ killed workers in the con­ struction industry where the unemployment rate is now 17 per cent. more than double the national jobless rate in addition, this new production would generate 
$*MM) million iii federal tax revenues and $15(1 million 

 iii stale income and local real estate taxes. 

NOB 
HIU 
AMRTMENTS 

Nob Hill Apartments oft IH IO 

7626 Callaghan Road/349-1217 

O FRENCH CHALET 
165o JACKSON KELLER 

T H I ULTI M ATI APARTMENT 
COMMUNITY 

3 4 4 - 4 6 1 6 

I# LA PLAZA APTS. 
“TENNIS W O R LD " 
I * **fooiYBAu, KeAirn, and iJiiecisi club 
• ADULT AHO FAMILY IIC T lO N i t I r a f S f t A S P U N IU.N ISM IO APARTMENTS 

I • 
“ 
M o ots BUS MB VICI 
\ » NORTH STAR ANO CENTRAL PARK M A U A RIA 

115 N.W. LOOP 41o 
' 341 -4621 
©LINDA APTS. 
235 HO W ARD off H O O N. M A IN 
I & 2 BEDROOMS 
I blk. Main Bonk, Lubys, Expressway, 
Hospitals, Adults Only 

2 2 6 - 8 4 9 2 

M M T M B IT UMINA 

With M eal Locations to 
FU Your Needs 

 o 
TARA 

AN APARTMENT HOME 
UNFORGETTABLE AS ITS NAME 
CONVENIENr LOCATION ANO UTILITIES PAID 

8oS I BROADWAY 

824-oo61 
8 2 8-73 9 3 

 a 

\\ e s l e l i e s t e r S q u a r e 

Apartm ent* 

I , 2 . .‘I b e d r o o m a p is .. 
( unscniinl Im Furl Ham ami M.iii<ImI|iIi 

I I I I \ ti*>lin 11 vt v . 
11211-1 1o5 

© vt \ I I it 
*« \I'F It 
\I'\HI MFM* 

E E E S t u b b y 
Q u f e n v e st o k s 

 t t h e 

 l i f t e r 

1946 N. E . Loop 41o 

(Harry Wunbach Exit) 

826-2355 
© 
$brb Colline 
A p a rtm e n t C o m m u n i t y 

T V MONITORED SECURITY— GARDEN PATIOS 

LUXURIOUS CLUB R O O M -G Y M I SAUNAS 
I 2 3 BDR 
I & 2 BAIM 
‘17o 27o (Four Add) UTILITIES Pd 
2o11 BANDIRA RD. 
434-4191 
Between Hillcrest A Callaghen 

A Bels tees A p e r ie n t Commoney 

- 
........... 
C ountry \ ii luge 

\|»urtm<‘iil* 

I. 2 . 3 b e d r o o m * 
*i n-ilil* Ii* iii” lo* (anilin - vt lit. nml. r-laml saint* 

 f r o m s | 1 5 

8 I l(» ( o u i i l r x \ i l l a g r 
K 2 H - 3 7 2 I 

© The BRITTA MY 

A SOPHISTICATED ADULT COMMU­ 
NITY WITH A POOL IN EACH COURT­ 
YARD. HALF BLOCK OFF LOOP 41o 
NEAR NORTH STAR MALL. 
86o7 JONES-MALTSBERGER 
3 4 1 -3 1 2 6 

^ v l’c s t 

APARTMENTS 

O 
V\ in d u r u H t A p a r t m e n t * 

656-o182 

88.35 \\ ill!mini \\ ax 

I .n j:* (iris a ir p a tio -. I o ils e n n u i In VV iin l- n r 

 l*a rL M a ll. K a in lo lp li a n il I o rt *a in . 

I . u v u r x F i x i n g iii V K , S a n \ n t o i i i o 

All Bills Paid 

1o7o7 IH lOWest 
69o-ooo1 

© 
L’ATRIUMS OF 
/ K I N N A M O N 

 f c g R E O f c 

9214 Dartbrook Drive 
696-o146 

© 
NORTHEAST A R IA 

Herrin <?laza 
I 4 2 BDR. 4 TOW NHOUSES 

G a rd e n apt* with clean well kepi spacious grounds, patios, balconies, pool, walk To shop ping, features plus. 

Perrin-Beitel Rd. 
655-7122 
© NORTHGATE 

539 ELEANOR 
824-oo19 
WESTGATE 

AN ADULT APARTMENT COMMUNITY 

A ll AMENITIES • ON BUS LINE • ONE 
BLOCK PROM ST MARY S e ONE BLOCK 
FROM SHOPPING • FURN ADDI t, 2 4 3 BDR. 
UTILITIES PD 

33o1 W . W O O D LA W N 
434-9394 

A BOR ROSS ATAX I MT NT COMMUNITY 
© POPLAR ST. APTS. 
324 POPLAR 

MID-TOWN CONVENIENCE 

226-8492 

© 

For the truth, 
Compare 

1o362 Sahara Drive, lust east of San Pedro, north 
349-2617 
Of Loop 41o y 
. 

 m&Bi 

S a n A n t o n i o E X P R E S S - N F W 
S — 
S a t u r d a y J a n u a r y 1 5 
1 9 
P a g e 
1 5 - D 
?B8 APRBTWEWTS DtlPLEXFS 
CLASSIFIED 
Better Living 
Section 

Looking for. a new hom e? 

 t o d a y s y o u r L U C K Y D A Y 
OVER 4 ACRES 

Private well accommodates several income units. 
A p proximately 2 acres of unus­ ed land. G ross income over 
$ 1 9 o o monthly. 
Evenings call Cathy 8 2 6 8 7 3 4 

Century 21 
Delaney Realty 
653-o55o 

 r 
FOR THI CHOOSEY 
^ 
S»« th*s# beautiful ho rim with the popular Dakota floor plan, one in 
Valencia ani) one in Eldorado. 3 2 7. large fireplace, patio, cr fro dean ana point tike new Mites 822 9438. 

2-STORY HOMES 
NORTHERN HILLS 

In beautiful Northern (Wk. 

 new 2 story with uniqt)» 

 design, 
4 bedrooms, 
I 'A 

 baths up ond SS both down. 
2 cor garage, excellent view. 

536.45o. 
ROYAL RIDGE 

English Tudor, new 2 story 

 with churm, 4 bedrooms, I 'S 

 baths up, IS bath down. Pick 

 your interior colors. >49,1 SO. 
DAY OR NITE 
6 5 5 -6 8 4 8 

High Country Estates 
656*4471 

$39",95o to $ 5 5 ,o o Q 
N a c o gd o c h e s at Judson 
M e ad o w W oo d North 
49 4 *6 1 6 3 

$29,95o to 54o,ooo 
Jones-Maltsbgr of Thous. Oaks 

The Great Northw est 
684-1 I 23 

$ 3 7 ,9 o o to $ 5 o ,o o o 
PM 471 at C ulebra 

• V A , 
FHA, Conventional 
• Fireplaces 
• Double 

G a ra g e s • North East or Northside Schools 
O 
Coates Development Co. 
Courtesy to Brokers 

 for young couple, or the young of 

 heart* 3 bedrooms, artistic decor, 

 fully carpeted, and immaculate 
Ideal location. Assumable and af­ fordable low monthly payments 
A U NU W Nit.) 826 7668 
THIS IS ITI 
YOUNG EXECUTIVE Reoutlfully kept, spacious 4 bedroom. 2 bath home, custom drapes, lofted ceilings, extras quinin1 Immediate move in. 
Nites 658 1428 
MOVING ON UPI 
Super condition. 3 barit aam 2 bath, double garage home 
Established 

 neighborhood plus extros 
Im mediate occupancy Terms open or assum e 6% VA 529,5oo Nites 658 
1428 
MEADOW WOOD NORTH 
This lovely 3 2 2, is ready for your 

 octupancy, spotless, nkely cavated, wood burning fireplace 
Tastefully landscaped with large oak trees 
Assume PHA at 8 ' ? % Owner will 

(onsidei second lien Niles 6 S6 8218 
VALENCIA 
Nearly 
21oo sg ii beautifully landscaped Colonial 4 bedrooms on 

 cul de soc. neoi pool, club, tennis and El Dotodc Elementary in bettei than new condition Nit*! 34 1 28o3 
VALLEY FORGE 
S2Soo equity, immediate or cupancy. 6 month new 3 bedroom, 2 hath, double gaiage. lots ol taipei 
S7/4 monthly payments Nites 341 
28o3 
UVE OAK ESTATES 

Owner transferred ond eager for offeis on low equity, I SOO sq f t . 3 bedroom with fntploie Niles 341- 
28o3 
UNDER $3o,ooo 
End of the hunt! 3 bedrooms, 2 baths, separate living loom, dining and tuniily room, spit! bedroom or rungement, m ony extras, consider 
VA CAII NOW! Niles B 267 668 
WILSHIRE TERRACE 

 looking loc investment property good equity buy, low monthly payments, neat It 5am, trees, bus lines, don I wait Niles 826 2668 
OAT OW MITI 
^ 
^ 
6 * 3 - 6 8 4 8 

M u i r K H 
I 

I I l f 1 | | n . I1 8 I| I» V » 7 « * » » 

I I 
I J 
1 « * r t i « n 

• Real Estate 
• Mobile Hom es • Rentals 

IN D E X 

25o— Office 5pme Wanted 

252— Real Estate Sell or Exchange 
254— Real Estate Wonted 
2S6--Reol Estote loons— Notes 
258— Real Estote loons Wonted 

NATALEN TERRACE 

I bedroom ond bath eoch side plus liv­ 

 ing room, breakfast area ond kitchen. 

Range and refrigerator included. 

Nights 656 758o 
NAYLOR REALTY 
GALLERY OF HOMES 

RIA L ESTATE 

2o1 - Real Estote Notices 

2o2— Houses Open for Inspection 
2o4— Property Out of Town 

2o6,— Condominiums • Townhouses 
2o8 -Apartments, Duplexes 
2IO— Houses- Noitheosl 
212-Mouses— Northwest 
214— Houses— Southeast 
216— Houses-South west 

218— Houses Moved and Wrecked 
22o— Houses for Trode 
222 
Miscellaneous Reol Estote 
224— Houses, Sole or Rent 
226— Suburban Property 
Acreage 
228— Resort Properties 
23o— lots 
232— forms ond Ranches 
234— forms ond Ranches foi Rent 

236— Commercial Property— Sale 
238— Commercial Property (lease) 
24o— Commercial Property (Wonted) 
242— Industrial Property foi Sale 
244— Industrial Property for lease 
2 4 6 - Industrial Property Wonted 
248— Office Spore for lease 

11 m r t o n southwest r e n l t i i 

3o2 — Mobile Homes for Rent 

6S6-552o 691-1121 341-9191 
In 
Terrell 
Hills we oHer this spacious family borne, consisting of 3 2 and 3 carport Alamo Hgts 
Schools. 
“PRESTIGE AREA" 
Add pride of ownership to this spacious 4 bedroom, 3 bath home in Terrell Hills New kitchen, don't m iss this one Coll office 
8 2 2 -3 3 o 1 
HARTMAN REALTORS 

4o1 — Apartments furnished 
4o2- Housekeeping Apt furn 
4o4 — Apartments, Unfurnished 
4o6— Houses, Duplexes 

— furnished 

4o8 - Houses, Duplexes 

— Unfurnished 
4IO - Houses. Rent o1 Sell 
412— Rooms, furnished 
414— Rooms, Unfurnished 
416— Rooms with Bnnrd 

418- Wont to Rent or leose 

PARK NORTH 
4 bedroom, 
2 bath, intercom, storage shed. w ork area in garage, lovely comer fenced yard. 533,5oo Nites 653 2798. 

EAST TERRELL HILLS 
3 -1 V* with living dining and fam ily roams. In mint condition. 
Burglar ban. 
I 
Mock to bus. 
$23,95o. Nites 653-2/98 

PARK VILLAGE 
Immaculate 3 bedroom. I both home, living and family rooms, large kitchen, covered brick patio. Only $23,ooo. Nites 653- 
2798, 
N AYLO R REALTY 
GALLERY OF HOMES 

F o r b u sy p eop le 
On D o n a ld s o n 
P erfect corner 
Jeff V illooe just 2 b locks. T h is 2 sto ry stone dup lex h a s 2 b ed roo m s each. L iv e in one a p a rtm e n t a n d let tho other pay vour notes. Im m ediate possession. 
344-8348 
Grace Arnold 
R F A I. T O R S M L S _________ 

A cre Int plus lovely custom built ! bedroom I bath hom e w d h m a n y e v il a p e d a l fe a tu re s f o r o p p t coll V irgin ia I oilier 
G a rd e n R idge 
Realty. 
Inc 
651 64o4. 
651-6871, cd til .'(I_______________ 
Got a h o rse ? v o n can keep it iii the b a c ky a rd . K ir b y c u re fenced c ro sse d tens en sp a c io u s older, I bedroom 
I bath. F a n n y f a r m e r kitchen e osv te rm s 47/ SOO total 
Will ti atte 
B O B D e P A O L O 
341 31141___________________ WL A L TO R 
N A S E V E R V 3 M IN G 
M cinv extro s including 4 b e d roo m s 
7 baths, double g a ia g e . fire p la ce pool, m in! c o n d itio n SJH 8oo A s sum obl. 
R E A L T O R S . 656 7/1/ 

N ear C ou n try Club, it s old, needs so m e re p a irs , but the lo catio n is g r e a t . U p p e r a p a r t m e n t h a s 3 bedroom s. 2 baths, s e p a ra te living d ining and kitchen 
Rents tor 4)8o 
Studio apartm ent b rin g s 47o. Low er apartm ent b rin g s 4)2o. 344 8348 
Grace Arnold 
R E A L T O R S M L S __________ 

MONTE VISTA 
123 W. LULLWOOD 

• Spacious Rock Homo • 

• 2 Bedrooms — I Bath • 

• Den — All Carpeting • 

• Detached Servants Quarters • 

• Excellent Condition a 

Century 21 
JA M E S G L A S C O C K % A S S O C 

H A V I N G P R O B L E M S ? 
Fin d in g a new hom e you lik e ’ Cali us we kn o w the m a rk e t a n d the in v e n to ry 
It you w ant to c u sto m b u ild w e i cur h e lp y o u a ls o ream d lcss ut vour p rice ran ge 
874 O I/I 

5 12 units. For into call G in ge r Wat son West Realty 225-4368 

P lu s 4 a d d itio n a l units, can be a b eautiful h o m e with a d d itio n a l in come. 1)27 1)31 W French. O w ner will C o r r y financing. 344-3471, nites 
341 >9o1 
B O B B R E N N E R R E A L T O R S 
R E D C A R P E T 
M IL L C O O N T R V E S T A T E S 
Over 
I a c ie s with fencing a nd stalls tor h o r s e s 1 C o m f o r t a b le 2 b e d ro o m hom e with la rge hobby room tire placed livin g room , form at din in g r aam 
4619oo 
R E A L T O R S 
648 7oo7 

A R F A l B A R G A IN J bebloom -, 
> baths, carpet, built-ins and e x p o s 
4J,OOO eauitv 428.) mo. Coll 
IN T E R S T A T E 828-o755 til 8 pm 
SOUTHEAST 
H O M E S 
D uplex w ithin w a lk in g d ista n ce to shopp ing, bonk, and re sta u ra n t 7 bed room s, I bath each with la rg e living are a and form al din in g Ideal tax shelter..435,9oo 681-3222 nites. 
828 7357. f 
B IL L S O U T H E R N R E A L T O R 

V o u r lite will be c om p le te ly com furlable in tins sp a cio u s 162o sa tt h o m e 
L o t s ot c a r p e t , d r a p e s , beam ed ceilings, and fire p lace add s to this beauty. C all tor on appoint m ent to see this one 
6 5 3 -4 3 5 o 

O W N E R A N X IO U S 
L o v e ly 4 U n it A p a r t m e n t h o u se 
O nly 8 y rs old H o n dv to Se a rs and 
B ro o k s A F B Incom e $56o m o A s s o m e 6 4 in t n o te w ith 
4342 p aym en ts or refinance V A , F U A or 
Conventional 349-65o3, 494-2o4o 

C h a rm in g I story in A la m o H e ights schools. I la rge b ed room s, sun ke n rteo with D e H a u ls tile a nd Iii enlace se p a r a te d in in g ro o m , b e a u tifu l kidney shaped pool I ow 7o s 
826 o6o6 
N ile s 822 1646 
S U E W E E M S A A SS O C 

EASY STREIT 
M ovin g m o d o 
#a » y , 
H ill J b o x ro o m , 2 b o th h o rn * lo c a t­ ed In $ i» n o N orth Ko* b o o n 
»o w oll ta b on ta r o o# you w o n ’t no od to d o a HHnf. All dr'B(MB§ an d k ltcbo n op - p lian t o t o r# inclwdod for 
H 8 .9 U O 
M any 
©thor fo a to ro * 
N U M B E R SENSE 
I 
3 b ed ro o m , 7 b a th w ith 
$ 3 3 o o dqu tty 
7 . 
It h o t o flro p la to , Witch#© a p p lia n t o b* cat p ot ond m o ro 
3 
H n g - ponti ta b la nogoH ablo 
4 . 
C all fo r tu rth or In fo rm atio n 
O U R LITTLE SECRET tx o u i, 
W e h a v e e 
3 b ed ro o m , 
I b a th h e m e 
In 
V illag e 
N orth w ith o p en te rm * tor 
6 3 1 . SOO 
A b e e v tth rl la rg e rh oMo tr e e a , re n te d th e yerd , krtrh en appllrrm ex ca rp e t. 

CAII 653-6364 AN TTIM II 

I LOOF- 4 

492-1o68 ♦ 494-5249 • 492 2272 
REAL ESTATE 

R E A L T O R S W A L L E M O F F IC E 
A W E L L K E P T 3 bedroom , 2 bath home, great den, N E schools. $22oo down, $285 m o Call 
IN T E R S T A T E 828 o755 til 8 pm 

25 U N IT A P T B U I L D I N G w ith la u n d r y r o o m , s w im m in g p oo l, c o v e r e d p a r k in g . A ll b r ic k con struction. IOO o occupied. Excellent in c o m e a n d r e a s o n a b ly p r ic e d 
Located off F re d e ric k sb u rg Rd 

W H Y P A Y R E N T * O w n yo u r own home, no dow n paym ent to anyone! 
P aym en ts less than rent. 
Lloyd M ontgom ery________ 658-18o6 

MAF RISER 6 5 3 - 6 1 8 2 A nytim e a 

ALAMO HEIGHTS 
MANSION fverytfnng you evei dreamed of— PIUS Over 5ooo sq ft in this beautiful 2 story home on 
I 6 

 acres rn Al AMO W IGHTS Quarters, wether. sprinkler system, basement and so, so moth more1 
Coil for appointment toddy 

Historical A re a ! B oul Inflation and still h ave g rin Iou* livin g rn spin inns duplex or use a s office a nd hom e 
/oiled O I L a rg e lot $63 4oo9 
Ftom the boltony of this teoutiful 

 condominium. 2 bedrooms, 2 baths, 

 fully equipped 
Pool ond tennis. 

Fireplace Nights 656 758o. 
WOODSTONE 

Spacious tastefully appointed tow n­ 

 houses in a quiet beautifully wooded 

 oteo. 2-3 bedrooms, 2-2V? baths 

N o d ow n p a y m e n t to u n y o n e 
3 4 bedroom s, 2 bath, so m e with a ir a nd all appliances. 
F irst p aym en t in 
A p ril 
B O B D e P A O L O 
344-3o91 
R E A L T O R 

Tower View Inc. 732 6157 

S U N IT S 
N ear Kelly, I bedroom each, sep or ate meters. 54oo m o Incom e paten bal. Ow ner a nxio u s Will finance ut 
54o.ooo 
H IG H L A N D H IL L S lo v e ly 2 b e d ro o m h om e p in s fur 
P ish e d g a r a g e apt 
N o d ow n V A 
Coll today 
P A L M H E IG H T S 
H u g e 2 sto ry d u p le x toe in g park 
E x c e lle n t in v e stm e n t at $22,ooo. 
Call now. 
532 3242 
N ile s 433-8446 

IM M E D I A T E P O S S E S S I O N ' f > 
(op tion ally nice, better than new b ed roo m s 2 b aths with all e xtra ' 
A ss u m e low e q u ity or retlncm ci 
Call )41 1666 N O W ' N ile s i 14 7o 16 

O P EN 2 TO 6 
43o3 MUIRHEID 
IN 
THE 
VILLA G I 
IN 
OAK 
HILLS. 
A ttra ctiv e n ew , 
3 b ed ro o m s. 2 b a th e x e c u tiv e g a rd e n h o m e. All th e e x tra s , 
2 com m un ity p o o ls on d club h o u se 
$ 7 3 ,5 o o . 
A lso. a n o th e r sm ashin g h o m o fo r 
$ 7 8 ,5 o o . 

B E A U T I! U L 3 2 2 IN C A M E L O T 
H u ge fenced v o id . a pp liances, cai pet. and Firep lace O n ly 41 SUO lo gr 

G r eat A m erica R o p ily. 69o 98o2 
4 B E D R O O M S 
Just right tor the g io w in q (a m ity . sin g le Irv in g co n ce p t w ith la r g e stone fireplace excellent condition, oil P errin Better R d Open term s 
Only 44o,9oo 
S P A N IS H B E A U T Y 
3 2 2 w ith m o d e r n h ig h v a u lte d ce ilin gs, liv in g a r c a plu s fo rm a l dining, Holly wood kite hen lo ca te d in Old F a rm 
Only 434,9oo 
O pen term s 

NAYLOR REALTY 
G ALLER YOE HOMES 
8o8 MCGINNIS J 
REALTORS « 
3 4 9 -6 2 1 I 

C lean I b ed room 
I b o lti im p o r t new i not Built in elm tnt kitchen lr 
A la n in H g ls G a rd e n E H A or V A 
Jim L o n q w o rlh 344 2)4t. 333 2743 
HOH J O N E S, R E A L T O R S 
Century 21 
IN 
TMI 
VILLAO! 
IN 
OAK 
HILLS, 
An e x ce p tio n a lly b e a u tifu l 
2 b ed ro o m s 
2V» b u lb co n tem p o ra ry ho m o w ith study. 
W e t b ar. g a r b a g e co m p acto r, m o in - isn w K S p ravid ec'. 
Club h o u se , 
2 com m un ity p o ols. 
$ 8 9 ,o o o . 3 4 4 - 3 o 7 R 

W A K E F I E L D R E A L T O R S 
8 Units near SW T U , G ood income, 
Below A p p ra isa l 
S A N T E N CO. R E A L T O R S 653-o46o 

H om o* 
South * ast 

2 1 4 

H om es 
Southw est 

2 1 6 

656-552o 
691-1121 
341-9191 
Century 21 
A re von looking lot u S p a n ish stone 
2 b e d ro o m 
2 truth h o m e w ith 7 iw {-oldie', ‘ This urn I to* ii c athe d ra l 
(C iiin g a nd beautiful stained g lo s s w indow s Call C a ro l Cu»e, 822 S278 or 828 567t 
Stroudar Nol*on, Roof I state 

 i m DAZZLER 
W H IT E H E A D H O L ID A Y 
H S 
M E A L TO P 
'jo m e o iii* w h o car© ** h a s b vt*a in this u b s o iu h W. im ro a r a la i© J b e d r o o m 
2 b a t h h o m o f e a t u r e s f o r m a r o o m s , f a m i ly r o o m 
< a r n e t m w clra r11»v w a fv r s o ften ? ! e te < tt 11 a a i a y e d o o r o p e n e r, 9 p f in k ie r s y s tom , (.oven<nf p a tio w ith S a ltillo tile, sto ra g e sh e d . a n d w o rt h e v e r y hit of only VK) WW) Nites 8?8 B W 

LOW EQUITY 
NORTHWEST 

$5,5oo moves you rn. I- 7Vi-2 off 
Verne* Jackson 
WOODBRIDGE 
BEAUTY 
NORTHEAST 

3 bedroom, 3VJ bath plus 24x17 
Irving room with fireplace 

Nites 655-9536 
CENTURY 21 
HAP RESER 653-6182 
1o6o8 Perrin Beitel 

M L S 
A A A B U Y IN K IR B Y 
I 7 u ' ii pliances. $35o total m o ve in cost 
696-742o W A Y N E S L A T E R 344 o936 
A A A H O M E W IT H F I R E P L A C E 
I 2 2, appliances, air, c a rp e ls 4325 m ove in cost N o p aym ent til April 
696-7426 W A Y N E S L A T E R 674 6126 

B rick, Cuiciiricil I bedroom . 2 bum. study la rge livin g ro om se p ara te d ining fam ily room with lire o lo te 
N E Schools. Im m ed iate p o sse ssio n 
$57,5oo 
F R A Z IE R R E A L E S T A T E 
___________ 
826 2393___________ 

2o1 REAL ESTATE NOTICES 
2o1 REAL ESTATE NOTICES 
WIAUQMS 
You have r right 
" to be choosy, 

OPEN DAILY FOR YOUR CONVENIENCE 

• 7 o Floor plans to choose from 

• Low monthly paym ents 

 e High quality homes in Y O U R price range 

 e Y O U R choice of several school districts 

• Energy conditioned to save Y O U R m oney 

Century 21 
3 bedroom , den, tented yard, la m e frees. N orth e a st Sc h o o ls F H A up p raise d $17,SCIO 
21 hr Se rvile, 6S5-5UI 
V IR G IN IA C E R V E N K A R E A L T O R 

M O N E Y S A V E R S R E A L T Y 
656 242o A N Y T IM E 
O P EN H OUSE 

N O O N TO DU SK 

Come see our umbelrevabfe prices 

 of new homes. 

5633 CREEKWOOD 
In W oodstock* 

141o3 SWALLOW 
In Et Chaparral 

 trices range from 529.9oo ond up Three ond Tour bedrooms, off 
Nacogdoches Rd 

6 6 6 - 3 o o o 

Alm ost 13oo sa ft of livin g a re a in this 3 bedroom , I both. C entral arr, fam ily room and sep arated m aster bedroom Convenient location. Open term s O nly $2) 45o. 342-4177, nites, 
344 5371 
B IL L S O U T H E R N R E A L T O R 
A B E A U T IF U L B U Y IN K IR B Y 
3 2 2, appliances, nothing down, on 
Iv 4275 c lo s i n g to a n y o n e 
1st paym ent in M a rc h 
696-742o W A Y N E S L A T E R 474 4174 
AM S C H O O L S T E R R E L L M IL L S ' 
A TO U CH O F C L A S S A m agnificent b ric k w d h G U E S T H O U S E w d h f ir e p la c e , h e a te d p o o l 
T h is spacious hom e h a s separate form al d im ig w ith f ir e p la c e a n d it en tranced b y h a n d s o m e m illw o rk , parquet fluors 3 3 plus q u a rte rs or 
4th b e d ro o m 
Im m e d ia te p o s s e s sion 826 2439, R E A L T O R S 

B t TTfcR T H A N N E W ' 
Big. big 3 2 2 den. office fireplace atrium H o n d v to e v e ryth in g Opci term s 349 44o3. 822 16o1 

C O R N E R 
O F 
O B L A T E 
M c C u l l o u g h L a rg e i bede 
I bath, den fenced Id eal loco 
N o down to V etera n s 
341 8134 
A B D O 
494 

A th a r five I b ed room 7 Im th hom e w ith s in g le g u r a g e 
R a n g e ie trig e ra lo r, d is h w a s h e r a n d d isp u sal A ssu m e low interest V A note ai refinance Fa r details a n d view ing, cull 651 o5/o A N Y I IM I 
Grace Arnold 
COTT A G E C H A R M u room y 37 2 fin ish e d qui ut irfcbench, ink c o v ete d patio n, p riv a cy fenced, ti pit hoc** 
M A C R E A L E S T A T E 128U l t 

B IG C O U N T R Y K I T C H E N 
I t dr co m s, ? b ath s, fire p la ce , equity SJ I5 mo, C oll 
IN T E R S T A T E 878 p m til 8 p m 

J U S T L I S T E D r e a d y tor im m e diate1 o c c u p a n c y 
I rn rn c r ut cite 
J } ? in lovely n eighbor hood M a n y outrun int tutting fully equipped I* it i hen. tow JO \ 

OLD CAMFLOT tlegant townhouse. 3 bedrooms, 2 '/i batta, beautifully decoiated, everyth 

 mg brand new $35,95o. kites 653 

M U S T S E L L A T A L O S I less than I year aid ideal retirem ent hom e or b ache lo r p od Out rn the cou ntry, nea r C a n y o n l u k e ( W h is p e r in g 
M itts) 
O v e r a n a c r e H o r se s per untie d S u p e r p lu sh c u sto m h o m e w d h e v e r y e x t r a i m a g i n a l , I, 
442, SOO, 46,661 daw n, a ssu m e s a n 8 , m o r t g a g e 
A B a r g a i n p lu s 
Iii c r e a s e d r o s l rin d o th e r im p r o v e m e n t s to the p r o p e r ly , m a k e s this o n e ti r e p lu re a h te tor 
41o,ooo m ore than a sk in g price 25 m inutes lo L o g o 41o. H B G. R I A l f bt A TP. 822 12JR__________________ 

B Y O W N E R (le an lough, livin g d in in g chon lovely yard, co 
5 . 
824 o i/8 t he ah u Owens ttAlTO*S-«RtS 

Cute I 2, forge cheerful kite he 
Srhools. V A a nd F H A term s 
824 4571 n ci , C o r o n a d o V ill, bedroom s, other 
, 
147 31 1 1 
R E A L T O R S 
494 1o58 
In J I INC OC N S M IR E 
N o dow n p aym en t to V ets C ho ice loc ation sm a ll 2 b e d ro o m h om e , c o m p le t e ly r e m o d e le d 
SIO . .ii 341 8114 
A B D O 
494 J279 

L IV E O A K V IL L A G E 
S A N D R I K I R 
J 2 2. w ith fam ily roam , b eam ed ceiling and 

THE GLEN 
2 bedrooms, I club both, ond double carport Completely equipped kitchen, 

 cathedral ceiling in living room. 
$19,95o Niles 653 2798 
NAYLOR REALTY 
GALLERY OF HOM ES 

B Y O W N E R E l D orado 4 bedroom 
2 bath, c o v e r e d p a tio in e rc o m , p rivate vo id , could use 4th bedroom a s 25o sq tt ga m e room , cut de sue 
M o v in g m ust sell in IO d a y s 
Well below a p p ra isa l a i 418.995 
B u y e r tniunced 48o2 L u S o lid o 65) 5oo5 utter 4pm 
By Owner, 4 i85o equity. 4292 m o , no q ualifying, Im m ed iate p o sse ssio n , 

O L M O S P A R K , 3-2 3, 2ooo' liv in g area, big freed lot Low 5 o 's 
O A K P A R K A R E A , 5 5 4. 5ooo Icy m g area 
Better thon 
N E W condition! 

CAMELOT (Northeast).. ............... 655-4123 

HERITAGE FARM (Northwest) 
673-4143 

TANGLEWOOD/BABCOCK(Northwest)696-817o 

VALLEY-HI (Southwest)................. 674-3575 

WILDWOOD (Northwest) 
....................681-3o2(8 

OPEN 2 TO 5 

14222 MESQUITE SMOKE 

In Northern Kilk. Just luted lovely 

3 bedroom (orpet, drapes, all ap 

 pile nee) including refrigerator, self 

 cleaning rong*. washer ond dryer 

 remain large fomily room with 

 fireplace, under $35,ooo 
6 5 6 -3 o o o 

L IV E T H E G O O D L I F E h o rn t?, la r g e J J 2, I liy i 
•24-7334, Anytim e 
— ALAMO M EiGHtS SCh 6oLS" 
P riced reduced on clean 2 bedroom house 4)6 5oo 735-5243, 696 2o54 

By Ow ner t 
Sheurc form al dntinu room , < sp aciou s room s. Im gc- 

C O M P A S S R F A L T V 
494 U P I 494 JOH 
R O S S I R I A L T Y 

B Y O W N E R I (ira. i I b ath . p r iv a c y fe n c e p r iv a t e te n n is c o u rt 
4 B e d ro o m s in C h a rie r O a k s v i l ­ lage 77oo Sq ti M a ste r b ed roo m and both. d o w n sta irs W alk in clo sets, 3 b ed roo m s u p sta irs with bath, ail paneled den with fireplace, liv ­ in g d in in g , a ll e le c t r ic k it c h e n separate breakfast room , ail beau tit ult v d rap ed in gold and while, wall to woll gold carpet A vailab le A p ril 
Isl B v owner. 69o o892_____________ 

O w n e r c a r r y s a v e 44 on c lo s in g costs. S p a c io u s 3 bedroom . 2 bath hom e in Old A la m o Heignts. L iv in g ro om with fireplace, se p a ra te din m g ro o m . L a r g e k it c h e n a n d b re a k fa st ro o m 
C o r n e r lot with pecan trees 828 5671 
Strouder Nel$on, Reol Estote 

 f lu s o u t s t a n d in g h o m e is in in m aculate condition fe a t u re s (ai a fam ily ro om with m o ck fireplace 
I IC client cnrj/eting O n ly t i l IMH 
N iles 656 8464 
(29 8741 
D O N JO H N SO N . R E A L T O R S 

B Y O W N E R Off NOCo P p h o n ie s , c arp e t, d rop , and a ssu m e 429 9oo 65 
IL L IRICK I belTraimTrn>5?Fr~ 
H O M E B U IL T ON Y O U R LO T 
416,95o IOU G o rd ina oft Weot Ave 
S P E C iA B U IL D E R S In t 
349 1491 
E S T A T E S A L E . 414 N 6 L A N room home, good condition. Best 
Otter 
O pen 2 to 6 P M. Sunday 
M y e r s Realty t o 349 6715 
O PEN MOUSE Sun i'm rn 
7527 P ip e r » G lade Out C ulebra. I m ile west ot 41o. 3 2 2, low equity, no down 'TA 
M A R T IN E Z R E A L T O R S 
7)5-7657 
435-4145 
484 o75) 

M A C A R T H U R H IG H 
I belli hom e h as 2 lull b ath s I lying 
Ray Ellison 
H om es__ 

I lem enlry school only b locks ow from sp a ciou s, custom built hoi on corner 
L a r g e separate dam living, fa m ily ro om with ta epiai 
3 2' J, ond 2 patios. 
S C H O O L S N O D O W N A N 
I 4 b edroom s, a p p lia nces 
• N I 
V O N E 
F R E E R e fe r ra ls ta other ho m e s 
For Sale By Owner 
M2 939) 
Son Antonio H om eow ners Assoc 
Nelson Cory, RIAI IORS m a h o g a n y p a n e l i n g 
But d you a re concerned with a wise investm ent, then let u s show you a 
I 1 . 2 or 3 b ed room tow nhouse un 
B ro o k hoi low D r 442 9oo lo SS I.6oo 
No C ard w ork either 
Call 349-14)6 Anytim e 

A lom a H g ts School D is! 12) Ook leat, 429,5oo J I I 
F H A V A or A s su m e 
R o h m e r 
Realty. 
344 424! 
VA SALES LISTINGS 

(quel Hooting Opportunity 

7o59 
47o H u g 
$12 975 

A l 
1 1 5 o 
1 1 1 

Statement required 
VA mokes ne 

 rip e n s of ony kind Ie anything in ­ 

 cluding electrical ond plumbing 

1/33$ 
5526 Indian Desert 
$19,975 

A l 
1 15o 
3 2 1 

SA U FAIliO TO M A TIKIA llZf 

Statement required 
Operability of 

 window an conditioners unknown 

19734 
7414 Gentle Valley Or $17,475 

A l 
U S O 
3 IV , IIF 

Statement required 
Operability af 

 window an conditioners unknown 

Su b le t to change rn price, pew safe ac witbdmwof at ony time without notice ONers to purchase 
Witt not be accepted where the 

 broker has toiled ta submit la VA a siqn*d copy af VA farm 26-1131 
Joint HUO VA nan discrimination certitKaticn 
Hie bas! qualified 

 oHai will be accepted tram those ieee .cd within 5 wack days af lh public oppeofome of the in iba! or revised k s'm g Sales coin 

 mission on 5 % af tales, payable 

 on closing 

OW K S A llu v io 

|»f*f us fti a lie o C A S M ofter for your hom e or equity. C all now! 
The 
Hom e 
M ort 
655 12Q1 patio with borbi jse. t t o r u y e si 
WE A l TOM S 
613 7341 
OO* to M i % % Mi f i H ill s fo r tr q u a rt too ta ye a nd le ss m oue nd 4 b e d roo m s h om es ut limit 
HJO ond teat or e s P ric e d in the 
ASH H J S A n y tim e 
C A S H for H O M E S 
A e B o y H O M E S a n d E Q U I T I E 
Honest Efficient, and E ast bervie 
We pay all C lo sin g Costs. C all Tot or Ber mce, 341 6136 
5 P E C IA , R E A L T O R S 

O P E N S A T U R D A Y 2— 4 
S o m o n y o o o d f e a t u r e s rnodei ately priced hom e oil appliances, G ropes, carpet, room with B en F ra n k lin F ir 
3 bedroom s, 2 bam s, 2 cor , covered patio and Trees C 
Randolph 
. 
658 3535 A n y t im e 

IN C. R E A L T O R t 

O a k H ills T e rra c e 
W u r ib a c h ti 
M e r k m s to C a ry G ra n t On a hill crest with p anoram ic V IE W V eri inviting ram bler. 3 2 2 den <26X15 
FP . h igh beam ed ceiling b egorah din in g room , electric thruout M in ates to U T S A 
M e d ic o ! C o m p le x 
U SA A , Lockland , Kelly D o n t m is this! Realtors. $26 2347 

Stu c co . 3 b e d ro o m , m a ste r su ite 
17x12. 2 h o rn s, t a r g e t th ru out 
Grove, d ishw ashe r and etc E n d un it O nly S26 OOO C all June tor appt , 
R E A L T O R 349-1121 nites 341 7573 
494 7428 W A Y N E S t A t t R 149 9778 
M a te C h a u v in ists - B e w a re ! 
D o n I let your wife this c»*citing 

T O R Y O U R H O M E O R E Q U IT Y 
W E P A V A L L C L O S IN G C O S T S 
974-4)11 
H U G H E S A B R IS C O E 
Cosh tor your N orthside eguily coil 
L u rry B gru e b e y 
JXI 4455, 684 29o9 

 b uilt new ho m e u nd e * $6o,ooo. triKiuhfut h orn #* a v aila b le tor un d r 
$$o,ooo in the San (Pedro N O H cif r g 
C O M P A S S H i A t T V 
__________4»4 16»t 4o4 I t l l ________ 
COM 344 1434 Anytim e 
L U x u R i 5 u f t o W n h o m H .I • p le le ly f u r n is h e d w ith a le g a r!! 
F r e n c h a n d C o n t e m p o ra ry fu rn i lure SU O OOO N ile s 342 81 IO 
M e r Pretty Face, 
Beautiful Inside Too! 

I m m e d i a t e c i s t ? ------------ 
F o r Yo ur H o m e We pay oil clo sing c o stsi We o i*o take trad e s Coll 
494 4571 
4)5 1474 
5)7 )252 

INC, R I A L T O R S a te I s t o r y 
M o s ie r I 
o bolti down, I bedrug up A ll ta rg e te d O ui id univ SIO VOO 824 41/1 

That s how you will be In front of this huge rock tirepluce 
This new 
Soonish style hom e in the W oods of 
S h a v a n o is re a d y tor im m e d ia te o c c u p a n c y . 3 2 7. w ith sc r e e n e d b u lk p o rc h a nd front court y a rd 
O pen S a tu rd a y a nd S u n d a y 
4 6 ') 
Sh ava n o W oods F irst street to the 

Century 21 
A bsolutely nam ing to do but moi into tnis fla w le ssly dec O rab d I 2 with lo v e ly c u sto m w in dow tree m ents Sh ort sh a g in liv in g root lo n gly room and m uster bedroom 
U p p e r 42o s w ith a s s u m a b le 7 
Century 21 this ane Sr,4 /OO Niles. 4V2 2811 
444 7711 
D O N JO H N SO N . R E A L T O R S 

TR ICO, R wailers 349 4441 
M o ry m o n t A m o G ro m u llc t o w n house J 2 ‘ 7. m u ster suite dow n c a r g a r u g e 
469 OOO 
826 2439 
Jones K in g R e a lto rs________________ 

W A K E F I E L D R E A L T O R S 
----------------n s s s t s s IT s l i s 's---------- 
•I NEED IO HOUSES* 
Son Antonio R e al E state p a y s i tor y o u rs in 72 h o u r*. I pay ail I m g cgs! 319 6511 
________ 4444154*****5***11____ 

N O D O W N TO A N V O N E 

R O S S I R E A L T Y 

C U S T O M H O M E B U IL D E R S 
491 2445 

A n y o n e con bu y, V e ts don I ase their e lig ib ility 
3 4 b e d ro o m s. 2 b ath s, so m e with air an d o il ap nuances, paym ents less m an rent. 
B O B D e P A O L O 
344-1o91 
R E A L T O R 
PR o ^ 1 ii W o w k ft Ms 
We will sell your hom e tor only *3oo. 
W h y pay m o r e ? 7)2 2911 C h a rle s 
Watts Real Estate 
Rfc'N T A T 'a ' l N A O t M i N T ------- 
Le av in g town t e m p o r a r ily ? W ant to rent your hom e but don I want the m o n agm g he adaches? Let us hon die your hom e tor you the p ro le s ytonal way. Call M ark P iaste rs of 
824 o171 
R E D C A R P E T 
R t i l U L M A ti A d ! M E NT 
H ave our professional staff handle you rental property Coil tor detoils today 
4)4-8824 
N itet 494 148) 

 e r t i s i n g 

291787/Slater Meter ludwig 
M W IU5WIS5 

2619*7 fps tem 
32o5317 De Paola 

846o1 Motte 
321969 fputti) 
3o2956 Slater 
25/o1o Staler 

23555o/MiVty 

2487/2/ Dtfaolo Inlet pi tit) 

Johnson Do foots 

W H Y P A Y R E N T you con own tnis beautiful I o w n iio m , unil gain uh int tax a d v a n t a g e s 
3 b e d ro o m s. 2 baths, plenty ot closet o n d storage 
Tastefully decor oleo 
R E D C A R P E T 
} 4 2 )IM 
R E A L T O R * 
484 o643 
— H o b b M T o S e T ^ T h o m T T - tn Town Location $gper Am enities 
31o2 Eisenhouei___________ 824 4)o1 

Open Monday thru Friday 8 A M. to $:3o P.M. 
DEADLINES: 
M o n d a y thru Thursday 
5 :o o P M lot Follow ing D ay 
Friday 1:3o lot Saturday 
Friday 5 P M for Sunday 
Friday 5 3o P M Fat M o n d a y 
CLOSED SATURDAY A N D SU N D A Y 

C ancullation* ond Correction* can be m ade 

M on d ay thru Friday 8 A M t.l 5 3o P M 

I 
The fx p re s » N e w s C oif) accepts re sp o n sib ility 
X for errors the first (Joy of p u b h 'a fio n only a 

♦OO - Al J (24 ft fro n ta ge ) S id n e y 
B aker It. Kerrville, Tx, L ots 6,7 8 ond 9, block L B F C a g e Addition 
P le a s e c o n ta c t C h a * S c h r e in e r 
B o n k T r u s t D e p t 
512 896 31 ft, 
K errville, tx 78o28 
L ^ A t t D IN ' T H E H I A It f 6 It 
B A N D E R A C O O N I ¥ New m odem , 
1278 sa It h o m e 
2 b a t h s 
2 be d ro o m s, la r g e liv in g a re a , ro c k f ir e p la c e c e n tr a l h e a t a n d a ir, located on 2 a c re s with la rge live ook trees and 5oo tt. live creek Not in sub d ivision F in a n c in g a vailable 
Show n by appointm ent 698 21ft et 
I 796-1757 
* TWI k o A lT T O T X “ sT/ftT— pere. I 996 3*o 9______________________ 

A very low equity p aym ent will put you in this com fortable J b ed roo m hom e Lots at c ai pet, cen tra l a ir heal N ortheast schools, convenient to Ft 
S a m o n d R a n d o lp h 
F o r viewing, con 673 von) a n r t i m e 
Obi squid listing as of I 14-/7; 
3o9582 lobo 
M W 8U5MISS 
3o9852 lobo 
OFF Ut* Riff CTFO 
124o Tomtit 
222o85 OiFouls 
COMO FO* it OK UR OMIT 

% h e r e find this turn in g tlrepioc ty in g sp a ce , c h a g carp et, ai 
KHa kitchen ta 

A Y o u n g r e s p o n s ib le in v e s t o r want* t* buy M I elder units from retiring owner 
C all 
Patrick 
H t - u n 
D U P L E X P L U i G A R A G E A P T 
Perfect shope 
Incom e *4.o 3 car u t " n y Se parate m eter* Att rem ed G o od n e igh o o rn o o d . C lo se to bus Ow ners liquidating 
7)6-42)* 
G race L a ird 
716 oo97 

 n, 2 b a m hom e lim g den. beau 
■, triage sem i en i A .un a b le im sch oo ls 
O n ly 
Century 21 
A T T E N T IO N ' G O V '! 6 W H I o u * ail over town. down paym ents. *2o a n d u p 
C all G R E A T E R V A L U E 
R EA LTY 6*1 414) 
_ 
Befur t Yog buy or tell. Colt i l l t 
We o fte r the b e st s e r v ic e s a n d prices in town Bell R E 222 9495 

•OS 
N ile* 824-*964 
* U E W E E M S A A SSO C 
W A X E F It I P R F A l T O R $ c o s t i i * * t h a n 
Forest, sate by aw n 
J story 4 2 . 2 
I ii fireplace dining rot break t ss! nook ten, rot nor tat 4v4 )JI8 

O W N E R SE Z, 
S E L L I " Beautiful J bedroom , z bath, air. a p p lia n c e s 
*81)o equity, paym ents *272 M ove in ionite 
674-8881 
* 
JB J 
674-448« 

Duple*. I each sidi only 8251 
D a vid Po 

 laremont. 2 bedroom s 
" t a c t condition 
VA 
S in g , P ric e d to Sell 
49 4195 e v e s 344 5o61 

For COH) Fast Service Writ trace 
B O B D e P A O L O 
344 )o91 
R E A L T O R 

C O M P A S ! R E A L T Y 
494 16o1 494 IO 12 

o43o765o 

133o7o59 

San Antonio EX PRESS-N EW S— Saturday January 15 

21B HOUSES NORTHEAST 

AFFORDABLE 
LARGE 
FAMILY 
ROOM with fireplace is the center of attraction in this spacious 4 bedroom, corner lot home. 
Amenities include cathedral ceiling, water softener, and private patio off master suite. 
538,ooo 
EAST TERRELL HILLS large shade trees surround this 3 bedroom, 2 both home with central heat and air. 532,5oo Evenings call Cathy 
826 8734 
SPLIT-BEDROOM arrangement in a quiet neighborhood 3 -2-2 with central heat air Move in today. 
531,5oo. 
Evenings coll 
Virginia 
655 3675. 

C e n tu ry 21 
Delaney Realty 
. 
653-o55o 

‘BUY TODAY” 

 fo r tomorrow s happiness see this 
4 bedroom, Th baths, plus large guest house, abundance of closets and storage Alamo Hgts 

School 
“ALAMO HGTS” 

Walk to (otnhridge School, call to see this 4 bedroom, while stucco home Appro* 23oo sq. ft Call us 

 for details 
8 2 2 -3 3 o 1 
HARTMAN REALTORS 

N E W L IS T IN G S 
3-2-2 C o ro n ad o m odel built in a or d o n $ "e lle n wilts cill a n o I *o iii c s 
C ara ct anet d r o o ls I a rg o cove red 
Hobo, water rottener a nd m o ny t v tree 
( all tor appl 

 i i I in I tu rin Id lo rn , c o rp , ted liv in g ro om with separate fa,silly room 
I xtra n ile law n with k iry t 

OM 81C e n t u r y 21 
131 Bill Porte mss RM V 65 
655 5226 

21o HOUSES NORTHEAST 

R E D U C E D TO $49,9oo in A L A M O 
H E IG H T S ! 3 b e d ro o m hom e h a s g a rd e n ro om , b ase m e n t, 3 b e th s fireplace in ,S3 tong livin g -oom ! 
Dining and fam ily room s. 
R E A L T O R S 
824-9631 
Guy Chipman Co. 

R E M I N I S C E N T O F T A R A 
This detiqtitful first o ffe rin g is a p le a su re to sh o w . L u x u r io u s ap ooln tm e n ts, low m a in te n a n c e 
A sw im m in g pool. deep e n o u g h for diving, fo rm al cmd info rm al livin g tor e v e ry m e m b e r of the fa m ily 
Please call us for details. 824 32.13, 
82? 5973, 326 1/o49. 822 91o3, 826-7414 
Marie Sale Hill, Realtors 
R E T IR IN G OR 
Just wont a sm a ll ya rd :' W a d to the god c o u rse (ro m this lu x u rio u s 2 b ed room patio home* 
The b uild e r built Uses one u s it he w ere go in g to live m it 824 o1/1 
R E D C A R P E T 

R O C K F I R E P L A C E 
A c c e n t s t h is lo v e ly 4 2 2 w ith popular single living area. p riv a cy fence and la rge landscaped lot. Coli now 
G R E E N R IO G E N O R T H 
75 b ric k J ? 2 w ith fire p la c e in large single living are a All electric kitchen, central heat air,. 
Coll today. 
R E N T W IT H O P T IO N lo b u y 3 2-2 with fireplace central u n , built in kitchen, split b ed roo m floor plan. Call 
494 5571 
349 4836 
341 8398 
Century 21 

W A k L i l t L D P l A L T O R S 

•San Pfidro Hills* 
No E q u ity! U nd r? $M),ooo 
Lovely 4 7 I, colonial brick, with bay 
Amidows, all built in kitchen! 
No I d o w n ' I si amt mot ii l f 
H u rry ' National Prober ties (24 h rs I 
U t o623. 

SEE IT FIRST 
The b rst “ti7,5oo a rts this lovely 7 bedroom hom e on N N ew B ra u n fe ls n ear Ft 
Sa m H ouston, it c a n be p u r c h a se d V A 
T H A , or C o n v e n bona! loon T or view ing call j42 4115 
A N Y T IM F 
WORLD WIDE REALTY 

N E W Y E A R S S P E C IA L f J o r t h r 'd y e icjryi b e d r o o m s tqm ily size d pen, living din in g ion ! bo ave/ ,i/eri dbl o a ra g e on sh a dy co/nor tot 828 6191 
CLINT LEAKE _ 

NO BUU 
A n d I won t y iv v you a hum .terr t it hor We h a w a < hat met on Btsor rn MHI Count? v ; brei1 nom s. I bath . fir. a lo I » o s r V at n «, a n d c bt o u td o * vie w i i Oft QUO C a n f u l 

828 6391 A n y t im e 
Deanie Owens Co 
IOo3 N C Looo 4to offic•* 

NORTHEAST PURK 
I u p loc a kro n a n d s c h o o ls 
I m p o r t a n t ’ t h i n ib is 
< le o n so c k tai is 4 b edroom lu m p y home is 
'I ' Ic 'lim , 
I,util livin g (lining 

 kitchen ^ 't 
? " U " ' 
,U" V 1 "u m p e d 

I abu lou s storage ( " A s s u m e s ■* V A ne,I or ref MKH I • 
M id SIO !. N I T E S 
824 446o 

 north loop inc. 
R E A L T O R S M L S __________§2b_5636 

NORTHERN HILLS 
Th/s sh a rp J I > w on im / door pion ho 
Peen n o . ('id ly ii dei. cif 
I I I , spacious ond m excellent condition a splendid b a rg a in at s s /sou N o e s tv J IH o 
828 8241 
D O N J O H N S O N . R E A L T O R S 
KEY GROUP 

SINGLE LIVING ABEA 
Beautiful on placet s e n o r a " k it c h e n w ith c o u n Ie i spcn 

 a ai fit with ti my, magnifico e c a b m e t a y o u c a n th tm ogH'i 
J 2 2, vet V I O W F. Q U I I Y 
B eryl W eiuand 344 2341, 342 6546 
H O B J O N E S . R E A L T O R S 
KEY GROUP 

SKYLIGHTS rim in g 
7 baths le d tate 

Nelson Cory, REALTORS 

N O R T M N I D O L 
P A R K 
M r m b ts v h o o ts 
B e a u t ifu l 

N -w paint insid e a n d out C b ro t. tor ac tot 
P r ic e d to? sat* 
C ad now to s r r 
44 
826 527t 

NORTHWOOD AREA 

Skyline P k 432J Redstone, lovely 7 b e d ro o m hom e. 513,SUO N o dow n pym t V A. Jesse Gee 532 6758 
S P A C I O U S 
L I V I N G ' v a u lt e d cathedral ceding rn h uge Itreptai ed den H o v e both a J a nd ■; b em oon) i o sv to own N u p a y m e n ts til A p ril 
G A S E B A K E R R E A L T Y C O 
69o 899o I ye s 696 88o5, 142-771J 
KEY GROUP 

21o HOUSESNORTHEAST 

18oo SOFT 

M a rn e H orton 344 234), 653 5936 
B O B J O N E S . B t AL T O R S 
KEY GROUP 

R E G N IE R R L AL TY. IN C 
5 o ' 
S T O N E 

 bi iii inuns. 2 both I)/ // b u ilt m s, i a r pet heat a n , daub 

BUDDY UECKER 

 n 6 t h i n g t o D O 

H ey m W ilshire J49-653I 
S A N A N T O N IO R E A L E S T A T E 

536.5oo 
R E A T O R S 
658 7oo7 
Guy Chipman Co. 
2 STORY 

 a m elet H 

 fam ily roo?’ 

O r F N A C O G D O C M E S R O 
I. 

696 742o W A Y N E S L A T E R 684 6169 
O F F N A C O G D O C H E S 

G re a t A m e ric a R e a lto rs 69o 98o2 

658-3535 Anytim e 
Deanie Owens Co 
R E A L T O R S R A N D O L P H O F F 

418 SUMNER 

L E S E D G A R 734 4733 
••• S U N K E N L IV IN G • •• 

o4 F N E W W O R L D 
Sunken livin g room with h i enlace. 
Only $425 down, p aym en ts SJW 
6/4 54o1_________674 888 I_________J K J 
O F F S A N P f O H O 
4 b ed roo m 2 Doth, d in , fireplace, til// ii / h i pet 
. o b u en al c edit/ti m u rn w a ve oven. electric kitchen p ig KH 34V 65o1 824 69o3 
Mwtta Worley Realtors 

ONLY $25oo CASH 

J 2 . with (lf aptote ill ll linden by beautiful solidi 

656-3ooo Anytim e 
Deanie Owens Co 

OWNER ANXIOUS 

656-3ooo Anytim e 
Deanie Owens Co 

Superb Homo Corner Lot 
Trinity U. Area 

TENNIS HEAVEN 

Coll 349 1436 A nytim e 
BASSE WEILBACHER 
IN C , R E A L T O R S 

3-2 UNDER $23,ooo 
S ie r r c i N o r t h S u b d i v is io n , oft 
N o c o g d o c h e s R d 
C lo s e to new sh o p p in g c en te rs con tro l heat air. m odern brick front. $22,9oo V A or 
K H A financing 344 3471 
B O B B R E N N E R R E A L T O R S 
V A C A N T 
J b e d ro o m , I bath, re fr ig e r a t o r , stove, g a rb a g e disposal. In Starlight 
T errace inst of! IH 15 North North east schools. Only $15,5oo F U A VA, 
Conventional 349-65o3. 826-69o3 
Manila Worley Realtors 

VA WINDCREST l b e d ro o m s, 2 b aths, IOO brick hom e, beautiful e sta b lish e d area. n ea r W in d c re st E le m e n t a r y and 
Roovvelt Hi Ow ner a nxiou s to sell. 
V A app raisal, $39,5oo. 
Reese Henry 

977 

212 HOMES NORTHWEST 

JEFFERSON AREA 
2 3 4 7 W . H U I S A C H I 

Im m e d ia te O c c u p a n c y ' 

Owners must sell ond hove reduc­ 

 ed their lovely home to only 
$31,5oo 
Assume appro* 
$43oo 

 with $275 mo payments for this spacious 3-2 2 with super large 

 family or game room On corner 

 lot! Coll us today lot more in formation on this super bargain! 
341-6136 or 494-1148 

 t p c c i a 
R E A L T O R S 

655-3584 
R e a lto r 
N ite s 
655-2754 

4335 WAIKIKI 
5o b r il l home, 3 bedroom , 2bath, plush carpet, central heat a r N ea r sh o p p in g , sc h o o ls, b a s e s 
U n d e r 
$27,ooo V A FH A -e tC . R E A L T O R 
.149 1121 nites 34) 7523. 
Arthur E. BIARD 

W A L K TO 
O A K G R O V E E L E M E N T R Y 
( an you im a g in e a ! b e d roo m , 2 balli hom e in N E School district in low 7 o s ? Lots ol extra-, p riv a c y h nee, built m s. g a ra g e , sto ra ge , and a shed on slut). 
349-5111 ar 319 4343 A n ytim e 
Deanie Owens Co 
R E A L T O R S N O R T H C E N T R A L 
W I N D C R E S T c u sto m b u m tor tam tfv livin g and h a p p y entertain lu g ) P r o f e s s io n a l la n d s c a p in g , hi-ufod pooh cove red polio with g a s 
B B O . IOO rock hom e with living, a m m u ro o m s ..f a m ily t o om w ith stone fireplace! 
J b edroom s, I . baths. 
$83,5oo. 
R E A L T O R S 
653-7341 
Guy Chipman Co. 

6 
Over the recent holiday 
I season, due to an influx a? 
I buyers, we sold oui many of f our Northwest listings. We can 
» sell YOUR home quickly. Call 
J us today (or a tree market 
■ aaalysis on your home. 

 f8oB MCGINNIS ! k R E A L T O R S !9 B SffS,A 
3 4 9 -6 2 1 1 
W 
| 

FOR SALE 
BY OWNER 
► 4 Bedroom, 2 VV Bath 
► Beautifully appointed 
Garden Home 
» Would Consider 
Renting 
► Northside 

F o r A p p o in t m e n t C o ll 
6 9 o - o 1 6 6 

212 - HOMES NORTHWEST 
212 HOMES NORTHWEST 

BUY NOW AND SAVE $1,2oo 
Appraised at 
$35,8oo, priced at 
$34,6oo until Feb. 1st. 62o2 Pow Wow in northwest 
San 
Antonio, northside schools, 3 bedroom, 2 bath, separate din­ ing and living rooms, plus family room. 
Price includes dishwasher, range, disposal, carpet, and remote control garage opener. 
FHA-VA or conventional financing. Contact 
Townview 
Sales 
Office, 
Farragut at 
Marilyn Kay. 684-3661. 

O T E C R A B e 

$1 M O V E IN 
NO PAYMENT TILL APRIL 77 
This offer good only thru Jon. 16, 
1977 on 
12 or our 3 and 4 bedroom pions All homes feature energy saving package, central hest sir, carpet and handcrafted woodbuining fireplaces, deluxe 
Magic Chef all electric kitchen, and 2 cor guiuye' 
6 FURNISHED MODELS 
OPEN DAILY 9-9 
TW IN CREEK 
681-11 11 

NEW IN FOREST GLEN 

Just listed! 
A 
3 bedroom home with a large living room and 
H U G E family room. 
Y ou'd love the floor plan beginning with the entry-had. 
Priced to sell with a low equity, the owner will con­ sider V A or FHA. $3 1,9oo. 
NAYLOR REALTY 
GALLERY OF HOMES 

691-1121,341-9191, 
656-552o 

212 HQHFS-NOKTHWEST 
212 BBMESNQKTHWEST 

B y o w n e r . T o w n v ie w I st a t e s , alt-brick 3-2-2 "r e p la n livin g arid lo u s ily r o o m s , b r e a k f a s t b o y . covered patio, soft waler self clean oven, dbl door refrig , " need ya rd with g a rd e n , b e a utiful la n d sc a p e 
A ssu m e VA. 7 v equity 684 
Iii, 

WINTER SIZZLER 
To wen rn your lie-art Super attrac­ tive 3 bedroom , 7 bath ham.- P ea tore- liv in g ro o m w ith fire p la ce , la r g e f a m ily r o o m , c a r p e l't / g th ro u g h o u t e le c tric garotte doot opener, p riv a cy fence, and best al all a price ot only $36.too 
Nites 
826-729) 
Century 21 
M O N E V S A V E R S R E A L T Y 
656 742o A N Y T IM E 

2o14 W. RIDGEWOOD 
/arte d c o m m e r c ia l, u se o s re 
• idem i rn busine'.'- ar both ut tho go o d location off I re d e ric k sb u rc 
R d 
O p e n t r i m s 
L u r lite 
B ierschw alc 114-7341 344 5549 
H O B J O N E S . R E A L T O R S 
KEY GROUP 

ZZ Z Z Z Z Z Z Z Z Z Z Z Z Z IZ Z Z Z Z Z 
D O N I Si ( r i p t (,N i It., until von see this l i e u b ea uty SJW down p aym en ts $185 
6/5 1691 
674 372o, 
674 1777 
P O IN T E R R E A L E S T A T E 

212 HOMES NORTHWEST 

JUST LISTED 
Snuggle up to the ftreplote in this warm, comfortable, luflv carpet ed 4 bedroom beauty this, home has cabinets and cupboards 
Galore rn the kitchen and den, plus o formal dining room. Con v e n irrt'y located on a corner lot, with side entry garage? and fen­ ced goto » for a boat camper. etc. You'll be sorry if you don't uct out to see this one TODAY! 
Coll us for even more e afros and details. 
344-62o7 
684-433o 
* Beanie Owens 
•Rte. 
W A irO R V M LS 

W HERE ELSE? 
• N ew Brick Hom es on Acr­ eage 
• Breathtaking View , 
• W ooded Sites tor PftlVAC f 
• 4 Choice North Communities 
(Including N ew Braunfels) 
• lo w taxes M ake easy Pur­ chase Terms 
• I roo Sa. *t. Living - I Cur 
G arage $37,5oo 
• 3 6 8o Sa Ft. livin g - I Cor 
G arage $4 9 7 5o. 
Search The Home M arket O ver 
THIN Call USI 

\ 
S w i n n e y C o . 

' m ' 
492-1o72 
658-o29o 

Beautiful 3 7 2 brick on corner lot. 
$45,ooo 
A se u m e p r e s e n t lo o n at 
$32,ooo. It n e c e s sa ry , o w n er will lake port of dow n paym en t on 2nd leon note Will show house on Sun d ay at o*67 H A N D S O M E L a k e Im m ediate occupancy. 684-1135 
B E A U T I F U L 
4 2 2 in 
T W IN 
C R E E K 
B d s a p p lia n t us. / u ip e t thru out 
F I R E P L A C E 
L e s s than 
$18oo to get in h u r r y 1 
G reat A m e rica R e a lto rs 69o 98o2 
4 5 B E D R O O M H O M E S 
H ollyw ood P a rk H e m Creek 
G ene 
Flan/ 
C ustom 
B u ild e rs 
21-o261 
3 B l D R O O M S $18,5oo t b aths any term s, near bus 
W A T S O N IS SO N R E A L T O R S 
736 1766 
818 o665 
695 31o2 

4 BEDROOMS -2 BATHS 
(alo C R O S E T T I v a ca n t open til sunset Central heat and a ir built in stove, d ish w a sh e r. N ew p ain t a n d t o r p id s 
R a n i it/d d e n , tile d en trance A ssu m e V A or te rm s to suit 
2 blot i » oft bus 
732 7987 S T E V E M A R T IN 735 o875 

SUN VALLEY 
NEW HOMES 
OH leers and $ene«a 
I RADI I IONA! 
- 
All huck 
3 bedroom yntls tkepkKed I (nut) ot«« Gourmet kitchen includes trnrro wove oven. 
$52,75o 
SPANISH Courtyard entry 
I bedroom oil bark, with divided bedroom pion Super kitchen in this one too1 $47,ooo 
691-13oo 
REALTORS 

CKNTURY l l 

(LAINE LUDWIG A ASSOC 

A A A A A A A A A A A A A A A A A A A A A A A A 
(dow n p ay m e n ts 52oU J / Oden 

P O IN T E R R E A L E S T A T E 

23 9o4 
Ar o in t ne R e alty 
9}3 51o6 

OWNER IS GONE! 

B i t i S O U T H E R N W E A L TOW 
Owner mutt wsli """vacant Love:iv i b e d r o o m 
2 b o th , la m My ro o m heat a ir , M ove, re frig e ra to r, d» »h w asher, e a sy ter m s N o dow n V A 
S m a ll d ow n F H A of a v *a m e kl86 per m o $2xooo Iota! NVH) trade 
B O B D E P A O L O 
J44-JoVI 
R f A L TOP 
’^ S T n S W W ^ S fT N ^ k ^ r a g a i n 

-j*? 

TERREL HILLS 
F IR S T O F F E R IN G 

826o6o6 
N ile s 824-91o9 
S U E W E E M S A A S S O C 
KEY GROUP 

T H M BIUS p u t t i M fc D U C L U 
A uniq ue fa m ily h om e w ith rn y? eat feature, 4 b e d ro o m s 2 b 
23 m aster b ed room Large '.ai trie floored den wifh fireplace sq ti in the SO *4 
826 o4o4 
N ile s i i i 5964 
S U E W E E M S A A S S O C 
KEY GROUP 

Prepare For Summer Now! 

24 hr Service, 655 5131 
V IR G IN IA C E R V E N K A R E A L T O R 
KEY GROUP n R k e i j R IG H T a l $■■ 
7 
T ~ 

REAVIS REALTY CO. 

PRICE REDUCED 

WORLD WIOE REALTY 

REAOY TO ENJOY 
191o O A K U M S 
/On P ed ro H ills I t rear old (pc 

Jeon M artin 144 2241. 494 2o27 
B O B J O N E S R E A L T O R S 
KEY GROUP 
H IT T S ! ------------------- OTTO? 
EDYTHE B. COOPER 

’ r e d u c e d s s . W 
I Ike new big 4 bear oom I bath, den h uge fire p la ce , on cut de lo c and hill u rg e c o v e ie d sc re e n e d pomp with built S B O N ortheast Schools 
O w ne r o n# iou * fcusy a ssu m p tio n 
C&nstder V A P H A 349 *$o3, i i i I Abt 
Marilla Worley Realtors 

TERRELL HILLS 

Turner Realty 

TERRELL HILLS 

141-91*6 A N Y T IM E 
C e n t u r y 21 
H O W A R D T A T E R E A L T O R S 

TERRELL HILLS 

341-9166 A N Y T IM E 
C e n t u r y 21 

H O W A R D T A T E R E A L T O R S 
The Glen, bi 

54 3 BEDROOMS! 
3-4 BATHS! 
S79,5oo TO S115,ooo! 
8V?% INTEREST AVAILABLE! 
OAK VALLEY-OAKCREEK MW! 

C H A R M b r u in s rig h t Cit the front dour in lin s la rg e one liv in g a re a 
■Aith (in p la it', fo rm a l d in in g, kit i lien h a s C o rn in g rook top, m icro 
//ave oven b rea kfa st a re a w indow liers built rn planter. 3 b ed room ,. 2 baths, don t wad 
R E D C A R P E T 
-42-JI 11 
R E A L T O R S 
696 SOW 
C L O S E TO S A N P E D R O i n It. dream s, living room. heat-air. 545oo eau/tv Si 18 m o Coll 
IN T E R S T A T E 828 o755 til 8 pm 
C O L O N IA L O A K S 
L u x u rio u sly appointed on huge tree sh a d e d lot. ., b e d r o o m s , 2 b ath , 
• (Kiron, fa m ily o n d liv in g o rc a s, 
'arg/ heated : w im m in g pool. M u c h 
Mort* 674 J5S2 
H O O S O O N A A S S O C 
R E A L T O R S 
KEY GROUP 

I a i iq u s Hvi til trad e O 

 a d v , s rg m ia l 

MIKE KINDER BLDR. 696 833o 

A A A A D O L L H O U S E 

696 742o W A Y N E S L A T E R 674-6126 
A A A O P P O R T U N I T Y 
I J T rat p ets In e n la c e , b ric k 
$j/ 5 total 

696 717o W A Y N E S L A T E R 684 61*9 

A L L B R IC K hug i»pio all budtins. E x t r a la rge lot 
N 
M ed < enter 
D o n t m iss nils. Call 
P u p p , 
684 6444 
N ites 684-o135 
TERRILL REALTY 
R E A L T O R S 
M C S 

ALL BRICK 

M a rn e Horton 344 2341 653 5936 
B O B J O N E S R E A L T O R S 
KEY GROUP 

LLL BRICK 
J# ff#*r »on, 3 7 de n. central bec)! air beautiful d ra p e * ya rd i« o *r to but 
M o 11it Horton 344 2341, o$3 593* 
B O B J O N E S R E A C T O R S 
KEY GROUP 

A ll IN THE FAMILY 

349 4343 349-SI I) A nytim e 
Deanie Owens en. 

B IG C O R N E R 
I bedroom , I both. den. tug kitchen, ill corb e le d O n H a llyrld g t* F H A 
7A ar a is u m i 349 6SoJ, 656 6796 
Manila Worley Realtors 

B U Y M E I I m a i l all brick, with 
J large car tier ti/ - p lace d den. Fu lly 
.aru . ted. lu xu ry liv in g in till- grs>at 
N orth w e st Im m e d iate o cc u p a n c y. 
Qnlv $29oo equity 
G A S E B A K E R R E A L T Y C O 
69o 899o E v e s 496 88o5, 342 7712 
KEY GROUP 
B Y O W N E R 
-.M S H IL L 4 ? 2 52.13 m onthly faulty and a ssu m e or refin an ce iduble now 6/4 IS M 
B y Ow ner $9,ooo and a ssu m e 3 2 2. rn U nive rsity Oaks, U I s a M ed ica l 
< on i ii . mm aw ay 
Not a cry m a dune less 69o 1o58 
B y O w ner 3 bedroom . I bath, walk to n o rt h e a st sc h o o ls, n ew a a m !. 
>21,5oo 479 7o49 r 
J bed i i-yohgble 
B Y O W N E R H ollyw ood P ork la rge oar C O K red lot ga rd e n our m od R e d u c e d rn s it) oui lr orn-i I .J l/ l JZH) ar lvl6/U.i 
B y Ow ner 
16# I em u* s i s so erfroom and in sid e an 
N o A gent 

B Y O W N E R 
/rn U T SA , J b ik s E 

 ir u d u p 

B Y O W N E R Open H ouse Sat and 
Sun 9 to $, 
Bedroom , 2 oath, ti 

3126 T U R H E C R E E K D B 
O W N ! R 
So o n ish Ruck He 
. M id 5o » 192 19/4 atter >, 

A L M O S T A N A C R E . 

$64,ooo 
R E A L T O R S 
694-4811 
Guy Chipman Co. 

B Y O W N E R 
2 sto ry cottage. J I i in li pl A H p o tto 349 6786____ 

BY OWNER 
THE SUMMIT COLONY NORTH 
6 i. bf udv di? ti with fireplace- Ii vt rig dlftm grocm i co m bo . kite hen wit* eating urea, 2 ca? g a ra g e $A9,$oO by appt Ofriy *9QQ4bV 
C A S H SH O R T A G E * 
$5f% is all «t takes to get into th** bedroom Haiti© *it h air, app liance* a??d cur pet * ir st p aym en t rn A p ril 
O rca! A m e rica Realty *9o v*U? 

A LO T O F H O U S E ini th mo/" . 
4 

 central heat air, g a ra g e converted 

R E D C A R P E T 
342 J il l 
R E A L T O R S 
492 957) 
A L O W E Q U I T Y 
J 
3o5 I 
- m g ♦ J bedroom #, 2 baths carpet custom d rup es la it 
IN T E R S T A T E 82o o755 til 8 pm 

C A S H f M IL L S 
C A S T L E P A R K 
Take you- pick .R / gr eat h om es rn 2 g r e a t u r e a s 
4 b e d ro o m 
I b a th hom e on ocre, in so % J J both home on large corner lo! in 4o s Call tor dr tads 
349 s i l l or 349-4342 A n ytim e 

ATTENTION VETERANS 

'I I HOW 484 72oo 
C E N T U R Y 21 Schneider R e a d , 
B A B C O C K N O R T H 

T O W N H O U S E A T 5842 M ID C R O W N 
D R IV E iii l a s t Village a cozy J 

 b u ilt /Hi O n a b r e a k f a s t a r e g 

ROSOW & KLINE 
Rfc A L 

Tyrol Hills, 8y Owner 
R e a d y g re a t 4 7 . 2 , pool patio, se p a ra te liv in g -a m m a den with ta co late a la rm system sp rinkle rs m ony m a n y 
© A irai 
$©y SOQ 
S2A9S29 

C e n t u r y 21 

BABCOCK KLAC! 
4 Dear corm 2 b aths central m r ond he of ideated near M edic at (enter 

Reese Henry 
Realtor 
6 5 S 3 S N 4 
N il e s 
o S 3 8 $ h 

BANG ON YOUR PIANO 

 o o m * 
2 bath w ith n r © plat 
I City $ 
H i 

B it t S O U T H E R N R E A L T O R 
B E A U T IF U L ' J be JrggrrT T om e "'nas study ia r g * utility, ro om , sto ra ge ro om 1 For m al livin g room kitchen 
2 »*9: Great trtc-s! 
522,9o8 
R E A L T O R S 
344-3o41 
Guy Chipman Co. 

 k § J * i I r H 1 1 N T R A 
C A S T L E 
H I L L S E S T A T i S t "'A 
B eautifu l N am e i B e d ro o m *, 3 hath*/ iow tiy Q yin g room , fo rm a dtnmy, ai; ©iecfric go or met kitchen paneled fam ily room w?th fireplace wet ba? 
Q uarter^ H e a te d sw im m in g pool co ve re d patio, la n d * 

ROSOW & KLINE 

CASTLE HILLS 
REAL COZY 
LOWER TAXES 

FRANCES LEVENSON 
225 2J96 
A N Y T IM E 
732 4951 
C A S T L E H IL L S 
Ail brick 4 bedroom , 2 both on tarot 
1/5*16o lot D ra p e s new oven, DW 
G D rem ain M a n y other ext'a-. Jus! 

FAMILY REALTY 

CHAMPAGNE TASTE 
Then this iv the hoove, Cavite H ills 
4 V den with fireplace, lovely pool b e a u tifu lly kinase a p e d y a rd iii a sec la d e d a re a 
I O O M A N Y t * 
I R A S T D I IST C all for details 
M a rn e Horton 344-1)41, *54 594* 
B O B J O N E S , R E A L T O R S 
KEY GROUP 

COLONIES NORTH 
(U ST I IS I I- IT b ed !oom 2 both with lo rm al livniii a n d d in in g f a m ily ro a n / a n d 
COVI i bd patio (.Ol’ip h dc built in kitch e n fenced y a rd G re a t Io ta lion 
54o OOO 
681 3222, tide , 
69n o6th 
B IL L S O U T H E R N R E A L T O R 
C O L O N IE S N O R T H ti .'slily point cd hom e ho- m a ste r suite dow n fa irv -t bedroom!,, 2 bath upstairs! 
M a u l. p allet* d fu m iiv ro o m arid stu d y f o 'in a l d a tin g ro o m ..big, brick fireplace' 
559,9o(1 
R E A L T O R S 
696 481 1 
Guy Chipman Co, 

C o n ve n ie n t to K e lly o n d S e c u rity 
S e r v ic e s , L o v e ly J b e d r o o m s , h g th s , ia r g , fe n c e d y a r d e a s y t e rm s no d ow n V A . s m a ll d o w n 
F M A SIH.)OO total wilt trade 
B O B O e P A O L O 
244 Jo91 
R E A L T O R 

F U L L Y R E D E C O R A T E D ; br dr ann i b e a u ty ' Q uiet sh a d y street n e a r L a c k la n d , O n ly $7oo dow n, 
5 1 m onthly 
N o c re d it9 
N o problem ! 
927 17o6 
P A T M C V E Y 
674 2523 

GIANT RANCH STYLE 
Rock H om e on 
. acre, corner, 3 or 
I t)/ broom , fireplace, giant den. 
341-4)55 
N IT E S 433 1859 
LAUREN R. B A R T O 

GKN OAKS 
Bt st buy rn r b o k o N A/ a re a L a r g e sw.’t 
, i hi tis hi nu teati i i /".' 

COWBOYS ONLY! 
L o v this j bedroom hom e on t ?u i u. rev rn Verde Hills. P ric e d to sell bv sundow n 
824 2391 (A n y tim e ) 
Beanie Owens Co 
R E A ! T O R S, lit / A U S T IN H W Y 

COZY FIREPLACE 
B v O w ne i 
, r , u l lu r i . t a x i n g 
J 2 . fire p la c e wet b a r , sw im 
Hung pup! / s)u , y p.un t i t ,1)8o 

CRAZY SHIRLEY 
MISSING 
W h en sh e cf fir st w a lk e d Into our o ffice a u d w o o fe d to b u y o 3 7 2 hom e fam ily room with a fireplace, g a rd e n kitchen, ga m e ro orn , la rg e m u ste r b e d e c o m w ith a b e a m e d ceiling shade tree- like new and in o N orthw est n eigh borhood with high i e sa u valu e we coiled her cra /v. esp ecially when she w onted it ail tor under $4o ooo Weft. C ra z y Sh irle y t so c ra zy b ecause we found a 
H o m e w ith oil that a n d it s o n ly 
$3/,VOO bure w ish we could find b a r le y 
Century 21 
Sch n e id e r Realty 
684 72oo 

DON’T BRING MONEY 
B r in y yo u r paint b ru s h no d o w n p aym en t to anvont 
4 b ed roo m s, 2 b a th s so m e w ith cur a n d a ll a p phonet$, p aym en ts le v than rent 
B O B O e P A O L O , 
344-3o91 
R E A L T O R 
E A S Y O N Y O U R P O C K E T B O O K 
O u r R a h nu d ow n low C lo sim costs choise al bedroom . I b a th e 
) b edrow n, 2 born 
349 1479 
H ector J Her beck inc 
R e alto rs 
7oo e qu ity, 3 bi di o om hom e o ady tot, con ven ie n t lo L ou p 4/ id IH Hi 
I rn rn e d a c c u p , ti lent ■ Att 
3o 533 3297 or ,4v 46, 
E Q U IT Y R E D U C E D 
J in t $ I SOC1 equity will buy this spot iv- - bedroom . ,' batt* hom e with i Quail y kit* hen 456 1234 
R E D C A R P E T 

FANTASTIC VIEW 
C o u n try livin g pl it s hest! A J 2 7 h om e in poi feet c o n d itio n on a p p roxim ate ly ] UCf* 
494 J44&. A N V T IM E 
GALE REAL ESTATE 

""f T r V t O F f t R T f i i r N r S C H O O L ? 
W a lk to m id d le o n d e le m e n ta ry . 
C h a rm in g Hi location with h uge oak trees, b e d roo m s 2 b ath s sep arate liv in g d in in g ro o m s c e n tra l heat 

Marie Sate Hill. Realtors 

F I R S T T IM E F O R S A L E 
PERFECT HOME 
F O R I H E Y O U N G ! » EC U T I V t 
H A R M IN G C U N T t M R C JR A R V 
• in o om ? b a t h vet v la rge dc vitb 11r . p io i e, c a r p e t in g , raft of 
Alky Wilt sell V A or F H A 
U t At, 

JOHN FLOURNOY INC 

F IR S T T IM E F O R S A L E 
HARMONY KILLS AREA 
ID E R N A N D S M A R T 
Attica 

JOHN FLOURNOY INC 
F IR S T T IM E O N M A R K E T 
• SPACE WITH GRACE • 

 btOJ 

 m g d in in g b? ©u* ta >t f o m ih 
?o o m y 
D u o ! fir fp la t © 
C o m p lin g o u rm e t k itc h e n M o n y built in * 
Capite H ill* £ *tcitu*. tijt, ZJ4/ 
Thelma B. Preissman 

(DREST OAKS 
M R S C L E A N sr ii m g h i • bom i 

 beautiful drapes an d trees to enter 
*84 77oo 
C E N T U R Y 21 St hrn-dici Bepity 
F O R E S ? O A K S 
JU ST L IS T E D brick j bedroom, 2 oath with "re p la c e d sin gle liv in g u '«u 
S o l""© fit*.* covered patio 

R E A L T O R 
691-13oo 
Century 21 
E L A I N E L U O W IO A A S S O C 

 f o r e s t ' o a k s , C a r p e t e d 4 be dr OOH i. 2 bath. double g q ro g c hom e tor m a t d in in g s e p a ra t e d e n , p r iv a c y fe n c e d w " h trees 
75 . m a so n ry Low 4o s O pen fin a n c in g 
R E D C A R P E T 

F R E S H A S A D A IS Y 
A la rge go /den kitchen is featured in (hic ..-arkling clean 3 2 2 There $ ii " r e r u n e, grid the *,Po( IOU', (JdUbn door r d master suite h a s a full watt et r lasets I 132,9oo 
R E A L T O R 
*91 13oo 
Century 21 
< 
E L A I N E L U D W IG A A S S O C 

 livin g roam fo rm al d ining, fam ily room with "r.-ulace, ro ve>od patio p riv a c y "m e e d y a r d a n d electric g a ra g e d oo r' t a ll 
'o d a y for appointm ent 
684-433o 344-62o7 
Deanie Owens Co 
R E A L T O R S NVY O F F IC E 
G R E Y F O R E S T 
Hide aw ay in this quiet lovely are a in H e lo te s 
H u g e lot c o m p le te ly m o d e rn kitch e n , liv in g a re a h a s cedar wall, unusual, m id 2o's. 
Century 21 
W H IT E H E A D H O C L ID A Y 
481 o3oo 
R E A L T O R S 
Happiness Beqins At $63,5oo 
R R L S T IG IO U S H I D D E N C R E E K 
N E A R M E D I C A L C O M P L E X 
O ve r 22oo feet ol lu x u r y liv in g, 4 large b ed roo m s (divid e d), se p ara te livin g and din in g h uge fa m ily room with vaulted ceilings a nd fireplace im m e d ia t e p o s s e s s io n 
R E A L 
T O R S 341 72o1 
JOHN FLOURNOY INC 

HARMONY HIUS 
6/ m g b o o m e m o rie s in this la rge 3 bed roam , 2 both, fo rm al livin g and d in in g a re a , f a m ily ro o m , d ee p purple wail to wall, doublt* attached p a ra ge p riv a c y fence, central heat a n d air 
5)7 ,5 o o 
R o b e r t a W hite' 
5)3 7163. I i i 876; 
B O B J O N E S . R E A L T O R S 

H A R M O N Y H IL L5 
I b ed ro am , 2 bath, I slot v a 
I a m in 
Clo*,, lo sc h o o l 
L u r u ­ 
V in t ii sa c k y a rd with pool anc l'd 
(IO 
W ii 
.ell 
V A - f HA. 
Dr tonal 
736 42J5 
G ra c e L a ird 
- 736 ooo7 
H E R I T A G E F A R M 
N o r t h sid e 

Sp a a rst' style carp eted 674 4 " I 
H I L L S 
D E A N D S C E N I C V I K W . 

 d ou b le g a r a g e h o m e tor the b ig fa m ily 
•ink un liv in g r a v e d d ia s dm inu paneled den with "r e p ac ( 

 b tn 'orSj 
I hom e condition M id 
5o s 
R E D C A R P E T 
H O L L Y W O O D P A R K 
It s h a rd to fin d a h o m e in th is neighbor hood u nd e r SSO.CHIO, but we have- it L o ro e fenced lot with lots of tre e s 
V A 
F H A o r C o n v e n t io n a l financing 
P ho n e 
8/4 o)71 
A N 1 t IM E 
R E D C A R P E T 
H O L L Y W O O D 
P A R K 
L u s u r y 
H o m e B v O w n e r 
4 b ed roo m , 2’ both',, pool. la rg e lot, n ice n e igh bor hood for r o ilin g child ren 

HOLLYWOOD PARK 

G R E A T F A M I L Y P L A N , O ver 76<U sa it , m a Ter bdr rn and study dow n could have 5 btl/rn up. im m ed ia te occup ancy G ood a ssu m p tio n 

P O O L P L U S H U G E G A M E R O O M 
" u a ns tun tor a " 
I b d rm lots of 
Storage- se p arate shop, 
Sp a n ish 

A N A C R E O F P R I V A C Y tor g a r tie rin g, poof or te n nis 
3 bdr in 
3 b a t h p iu s s t u d y 
B e a u t y a n d w arm th throughout 

IM M A C U L A T E A N D S P A C IO U S . I 
O w n e r , < u st o m 3 2 . 2 h o m e on o v e rtire d c o rn e r lot Fir la d e s dou tate carp ort a nd detached shop 

J U S T L I S T E D , /goo so it of el g a n t e C u s to m a p p o in tm e n ts in elude built m b o o kc a se s ana china 
E P rn m a ste r b drm . C o u n try kit the n with center aisle 
C A L L 494-S227 
Armstrong Co. 
H o lly w o o d P a r k B v o w n e r, J J 2 wit" study. 2o*3o cathe d ral ceiling den, h uge gar d en kitchen. L u r g e 
VO rope fenced. 551,5oo Iv ) 6o42 
H O L L Y W O O D 
P A R K 
O w n e r transfer, lag ga d p,., b'-OUtiful whit. brick S p a n ish dc-'-ign hom e on pre! tv tot (m an/ tree,) cai ae y o u rs u un excellent buy 3 large b ed roo m s se p ara te Irv in g o -e u s, fire p la ce w alk III c lo u t ", Utility ro o m Side e n t r y 2 c o r g a r a g e 
B .ia u trfu ltv d ecora te d , s q u e a k y cl. u n a n d ii m ini condition Vee before you b a y 1 
824 o121 A N Y T IM E 
ROSOW i KUNE 
TO 
OTT I 

SEEING IS BELIEVING 

This 5 -2-2 with balcony overtook- ing 
2-story family room. 
In prestigious Enchanted forest, pro- fessionoHy landscaped and large pecan trees. 

SHAVANO PARK 

Newly an ocre of wooded Innd in prime location. I de til 'or building or os an investment 
LOOKING FOR MORE 
ROOM? 

Take a dose look at this beautifully kept 4 bedroom, 2 both home, located near UTSA ond USAA, this is a perfect home- bose for o young ond active family. 

CAU 494-5221 ANYTIME 

 r i d c a r p e t , 

1 R 
E 
A 
L 
T 
O 
R 
S 
* 

T O W N H O M E 

Priced to sell at $ 3 5 ,o o o . 
3 bedroom s, 2 baths with 

 all appliances including 

 washer and dryer, new 

 carpet, excellent location, 

 immaculate ond immed­ 

 iate possession. 
O P E N 

TE R M S. N ite s 8 2 6 7 6 6 8 

D A Y O R NITE 
655-6848 
• i n t r t u n 

| s o u t f » w « » N , t 

 r t » a l l t| 

J U S T L IS T E D Beautiful ? story, 3 bedroom , 2 b ain hom e with double fn ep lace d ivid in g fa m ily room and liv in g r o o m , lo ts of o a k s o n d i ountry' living. 4)4 2(41. 
R E D C A R P E T 
J U S T L IS T E D . Love ly J J 2 hom e in 
B r e r /ewood com plete with fenced d o g ru n in b a c k y a r d a p p lia n c e s. patio, a n d w alt to w all c a rp e tin g throughout. 434 2341. 
R E D C A R P E T 

LARGE IOT 
I n iu v th is la r g e 3 b e d ro o m , a ll 
"r ic k hom e in F o re st O a k s C ou r tya rd e ntry rn la rg e fa rn iiv room . 
P ric e reduc ed 
Century 21 
Schneider R e alty 
684-72oo 
L A R G E R O O M Y 
2 B E D R O O M , priced to sell i l l Y A i E, off !H lo 
O w ner c a rry note. Coll M r. Perez. 
732 oV61 or 734 o77? 
NORTHSIDE REALTY 
L E O N V A L L E Y , I a rp e te d J be d r o o p cottage in im m aculate con adion . S c e n ic v ie w a ss u m e $183 month. 681 o66o. 
R E D C A R P E T 
Leon Volley Area, 3 b edroom s, (ill kitchen a pp lia nces S4.Qoo equity or r e f in a n c e , 
7234 
M o s s 
C r e e k . 
68) 8737 or 227 >9o9. 
L I K E N E W 
C a r p e t e d , 3 2 cp f r e s h ly p o in te d in s id e o n d out 
Sto v e r e f r ig e r a t o r o n d w a s h e r 
C e n trally located M u st see to op predate. Call M r. Perez. 732-o96) or 
734-o772 
NORTHSIDE REALTY 
L IT E S P A N IS H T O U C H 
L u x u ry hom e near M e d ica l Center, 
3 2-2. h uge m aster b e d ro o m suite, cathe d ral ceiling o nd sin gle livinn u re a with fire p la ce Su n n y b reo k fast room p rivate patio 
LO W M A IN T E N A N C E 
O pens the d oo rs lo this 4 b ed room 2 both sp a rk lin g fam ily ro om built ins, high rn G len O aks. O n ly $45,9oo. 
Call now 
Century 21 
W H IT E H E A D H O C L ID A Y 
681 o3oo 
R E A L T O R S 
Locuted IV46 Te<u-.-. 3 ? I den, in g d in in g c o m b , c e n tra l H A carpeted s/6.SOO V A or 
P H A 
7j4 7386 

LOCATION so im portant t " is lovely nom e is 
Convenient to the M e d ica l Com plex 
(md L o o p HO O w n e rs tronster red 
I paving rtii*- alm ost new J bedroom hom e in Seneca Estates, H a s ever 
/thing including B IG F I R E P L A C t 
3 49,73o 
Im m ediate p osse ssion 
344-8348 
Grace Arnold 
R E A L T O P S M L S _________ 
L O O K IN G F O R A S H O W P L A C E I 
V e r y u n u s u a l s p a c i o u s h o m e 
M a n y e x c itin g fe a tu re s, b e o m e d c e ilin g, " r e p la c e 
3 b e d ro o m s, baths, oak treed lot L ow SOS 
R E D C A R P E T 
342 31)1 
R E A L T O R S 
494 1o58 
L O S A N G E L E S H E I G H T S hom e new root point. / bedroom , g a ra g e lo rgt den, rugs. d rap es, cookstove, a ir c o n d h ea t p atio , ro ck t rim , pet s49 

L O S A N G I E S H G T S. clean pretty 
2 l l hom e a n d adracent lot Central beat a ir m any et " o s m u vt see lo a p p re c ia te 
H o lm e s R e a l E sta te , 
224 9o76, 735 9722 

L O V E L Y S U B U R B A N H O M E 
N e s t le d on 
I a c r e s , w o rm sp a ciou s den with "re p la c e la rge fam ily kitchen. 4 2*2. cove red patio 
See and m ove in 
Century 21 
W H IT E H E A D H O L L ID A Y 
641-o3oo___________ 
R E A L T O R S 

H O R S E S A R t W E I C O M E on th/ 
! 4 ut r e site J b ed room Stone hom e flus trem end ous potential Alt h ard w ood "o o r s. L a r g e g r e e n h o u s e 
S p r in k le r *,y .le n i 
L o v e ly tre e s 
$6/ DOU C all 4o4 7651 A N Y T I M E 
ROSOW & KLINE 

I N D I A N C M C S K 
3 br-di < o m 
'■ b oth . ra n g e , frid g e , a n d fe n c e d b a c k y a r d 
I q u it * a n d a s s u m e p a y m e n ts of S I8 i po* n o 
Se le ct from twu 
Century 21 
M R R A N S O M R E A L T Y *73 77o1 

$23/SOO 
Is the appt arsed pi ice Of this town h o u se 
M in t c o n d it io n 
H o m e is equipped with pit app liances, bu g tar " a r s P a y m e n ts of $165 or refm 
R E D C A R P E T 
J E F F E R S O N A R C A 
1 b e d ro o m horn# lu r 
4 P lu s b a n u s ro o m l/x lQ th bus 5 baths! L iv in g d ining m o m and fam ily roam. 
144,5oo 
R E A L T O R S 
696 4111 
Guy Chipman Co. 

JEFFERSON 
J bedroom bi i k nam e on over sized lot N ew carpet inside paint doable oar age A ssu m e SI 74 m a 
S A N D IS O N R E A L T Y 
699 92o1 
J E F F E R S O N 
N ear b u t a n d Jett Hi sp a c io u s I bedroom , J both a nd fam ily room 
P lus living and dtm ng room *. Cen trot h e a l a n d o n 
D o u b le g a r a g e w ith f u r n is h e d e ffit tent y a p ril t 

C M, FURR CD. 
H N IA Y H IG H SC H O O l 
J O H N IA Y H IG H S C H O O L . 3 be d r oom I . bom , central H A N m / 1 
N o credit needed o n ly S7SU dow n 
922 17o6 
P A T M C V E Y 
674 7523 
J O H N M A R S H A L L H IG H S C H O O L 
J b e d ro o m s c a rp e l re d e c o ra te d 
L ik e N e w U n iv i SUO dow n. $249 m onthly, H U R R 1 1 
923 17o* 
P A T M C V E Y 
*74 2523 
J U ST L IS T E D j 2 ? br it k hom e in 
F o re st Hill*, h a s a p p lia n c e s t a m e d rat c e ilin g th fa m ily ro om , sid e e ntran ce g a rage , a n d on a la rge tot 
4j 4 2341 
R E D C A R P E T 

LUXURY AND ECONOMY 
T h is 3 b e d ro o m , 2 b a " ' lo ve ly I* 
/paciouslv a d o rne d with rath ed ra! c e ilin g that o v e rt o o k * o "r e p la c e o n d h on ey c o lo re d c a rp e t 
M o n y am enities such a * central air heat covered patio area, 2 c a r finished garage, m urals, c eram ic foyer, ap phone es and m u ch m ore V e ry low equity No down V A M id )Q'S 
M A R T IN E Z R E A L T O R S 
735-7657 
435 4845 
644-o753 
R.E. AMERICA 

M A N S IO N IN T O W N 
E m o v 4/oo sa ti of lovei/ hom e on treed studded acre, 5 bedroom , tor m a l d in in g , la r a e r e c r o o m u n n k le r sy ste m , b o n u s -.eporati in com e p ro p e rty , a ll in e xce lle n t condition. R3 zoning 
Century 21 
W H IT E H E A D H O L L ID A Y 
*81 o3oo 
R E A L T O R S 
N E A R B L A N C O A T H I L D E B R A N D 
Near b u se s arid schools Com pletely redecorated in and out 3 bear d om s large den, detached g a ra g e One or 
Nor wood, one 
Oh 
Santo 
A n na 
149 6531. 
S A N A N T O N IO R E A L E S T A T E 

STO P! 
T H IS IS IT! 

Convenient to schools, moth, 

 churches, REDECORATED. 3 bedroom, 

 one tnrge both. Owner must re­ 

 locate. Niles 658-1428. 

T O W N H O M E 

Priced to sell ot $35,ooo. 3 bed­ rooms, 2 baths with oil appliances including washer and dryer, new 

 carpet, excellent location, im- 

 motulr1 ond immediate posses­ 

 sion OTEN TERMS Nites 826-7668 

DAY OR NITE 
655-6848 

2-1 I. new point and d rive w ay. Yru it trees, all appliances, heaters, rugs, c a n o p y b e d ro o m su ite -m a t c h in g d rap es 
$15,75o. 
Sally, 
735-8111. 
732-61o7 
________________ 

NEAR JEFFERSON 
Sp ac io u s, im m ac u late 2 S T O R Y bedroom 3 bath Bi-autdui castor d rap e* and car pefing, 2 "re p la c e 
I ta r g a ra g e (hom e ond incom e 
A ssu m e V A Loa n 
WEST MAGNOLIA ling with 
O nly $23,5o 

 bedroom din ii ting. lo v e ly fir 

WEST ASHBY 

 double g a ra g e 
Century 21 
D O U G L A S R E A L E S T A T E 

N E A R U 'U a 
//eTy.' oll rock n om , w ith liv in g , d in in g a n d f o m ily room s, built rn kitchen! J b ed room s 
(H U G E m aster suite!), 
$42 344 
R E A L T O R S 
344 3441 
Guy Chipman Co. 

NOW IS THE TIME to consider tho! beautiful su b urb a n home. 6 c h a rm in g w ooded a cre s, m a k e s the id e al se ttin g tor this 
Sp anish style hom e 4 bedroom s. 3 baths, spacious den with fireplace form al living room, separate dining room , go u rm e t kitchen. T h is c u s tom designed hom e h as e veryth in g you w anted in c lu d in g stables and corrals. 
Hill 
C ountry 
Village. 
344-3348 
Grace Arnold 
R E A L T O R S M L S _________ 

H O R S E S O . K . 
The pate has been DRASTICALLY 
REDUCED on our country home, nestled high on a tree covered 3 acre home' site, overlooking USAA. 
$69,9oo 
Ar $28,9oo Ar 
A fully equipped garden kitchen high lights this welt cored for 3 bedroom, 2 both home with a dou blo garage. Nothing down to veter- 

Bm 
699-1ooo rVEJUOEOwm 
REALTORS-AM S 

S H A V A N O P A R K 
Prestige area, lotsa house tor only 
*61,ooo 4-2-2, office, living and din ing, huge den with fireplace, ** acre ' of trees, quiet street, 
V A C A N T A N D D E S P A R A T E 
L a rg e repainted, fu lly carpe ted, corner home in Glen Oaks, orr-oss fo rm M e d ic a l C e nte r. 2 or 3 be droom s, or den, 2 baths, lotso of trees, under $3o,ooo. A ssu m e or new loan. 
L E T S T R A D E 
Oak H ills beauty am o n g 52oo,ooo home but only $47,5oo 3-2-2, den, covered patio, assu m e and we will take your hom e tor the eauity. Call quick. 
Century 21 

W hitehead-Holiday 
684-3711 
R E A L T O R S 
1735 sq.ft. 3 2 . 2 two story insulated hom e in Su n V a lie v 
F ir e p la c e , 
W hirlpool d ishw ashe r, ga rb a ge d b poser, double oven, intercom V A or 
Conventional. 
$46,5oo 
684 26o1. 
696 1685. 

NO Y A R D W O R K 
Re lax and em ov this lovely 3 be droom, 2' i bath, large dining, m any extras, assu m e low interest nots, close to base and medico! com plex. 
M id 3o's. 
B R A U N S T A T IO N 
Assum e low eauity on this one year old, 3-2-2, with large single living, low 3o s. Also have large selection of new homes in sam e location. Call today 
O A K H IL L S T E R R A C E 
High on hill In M edical Com plex ond schools, spanish, 4 year old, 3-2-2, big fireplace, fully carpeted, large oak trees. $4o,9oo 
Century 21 

Whitehead-Holiday 
684-3711 
R E A L T O R S 

OAK HILLS 
3 bedroom rock hom e with w atch tower study L a rg e kitchen, form al d in in g and c irc u la r den. S p a c io u s 
"re p la c e d living. $82,ooo. 
S A N D IS O N R E A L T Y 
699 92o) 

OAK HIUS TERRACE 
Beautiful 3 bedroom , 2 bath hom e w ith 2 c a r a a r a g c . la ra e fa m ily room w it" fireplace, su n ke n "v ln q ro o m w ith b ric k a cc e n t w a " and co ve re d patio for outdoor livin g 
I block from e lem entary school. Fo r 
V iew ing call 342 41 15 A N Y T IM E , but h urry, this one will go tost! 
WORLD WIDE REALTY 
O A K H IL L S T E R R A C E 
C H A R M 
C O M F O R T 
V A L U E 
N E A R M E D IC A L C E N T E R 
5635 Charlie Chan, sp a ciou s 4 2 ? b ig lairdly room F o rm a l living dining 
Quick Possession 
IN T H E $4o’S, 
736-oo15, 696-o437, 699-oo13 
B E U L A H M A E K E L L E R , Realtor 

Oak Hills 
Tri level hom e with 4 Dedroom s, 3 baths, heated pool and ga m e room 
L u x u r y h o m e c lo s e to M e d ic o ! 
C om p lex 
Su p e rb value at $76,9oo. 
328 6343. eves 655-3791 
Cornelius & Associates 

OAKIE SMOKE! 
) b ed room on oak studded c o rn e r lot B allro om size den with m a ssiv e b r ic k " r e p la c e . F o r m a l liv in g , seoul ate m aster A b sum e $3o3 mo. 
S A N D IS O N R E A L T Y 
699-92o1 

OFF BLANCO 
I bath house. 
Clean 2 bedroom 
V A F H A 
P L A T T R E A L E S T A T E 735 4764 

Oft Blanco Rd. 
14o6 W E L M O N T E 
C le a n fre sh ly p ain te d 3 I IC P in established n hborhood C onvenient lo bus, schools and shopping. F H A a p p r a ise d at $1 7,ooo 
Im m e d ia te o ccup a ncy! Call 34) 6)3*. 494-1148 
SPECIA REALTORS 

S T O R Y B O O K S E T T IN G 
S u n lite filters thru tall n ative trees 
T h is p rick hom e h a s h uge b ac ky ard , 3 bedroom , 2 bath, carpeted, beam ed ceiling, all im m aculate! 
R E D C A R P E T 
342-311) 
R E A L T O R S 
696-5o77 
S U N N Y 
E n c lo se d p orch tor w inter plants, complete cozy 2 b ed room off IH IO 
M A C R E A L E S T A T E 828-2521 
25)6 T E X A S 
N ear St. M a r y 's U. Coll to see this nice 3 b e d ro o m on o c o r n e r lot 
L iv in g and d in in g ro om 
P a n e le d room tor o d ic * or e xtra bedroom 
V A o r 
F H A t e r m s . 
73 3 -7 )4 1 , 
344 1633, 735 555o 
C.M. FURR CO 

T I M B E R C R E E K ..im m a c u la te , tuMv carpeted. 4 bed room . 2 bath hom e h as living, d ining and fam ily rooms.. 22 lovely tre e s' 
$54,5oo 
R E A L T O R S 
344-3o41 
Guy Chipman Co. 

O P E R A T E in or ti pm this im m a c u la te beau titullv d ecorate d 4 b e d ro o m h om e with cozy stone fireplace C on ve n tent to tne M edical Center and U T ­ 
SA. Priced at a low. low $5o,ooo 
824 Ol/i 
R E D C A R P E T 

O U T S T A N D IN G V A L U E 
Y o u ll love this welt kept hom e near M ed 
Center, 4 b edroom s, 2bath*, kitchen b os bay eating area, c o n r e d patio, 
R E D C A R P E T 
342-3111 
R E A L T O R S 
*96 5o77 
O W N E R A N X IO U S 
2 bedroom . I bath, I g a ra g e 
W A T SO N A SO N R E A L T O R S 
732 2435 
O W N t R SfcZ. 
S E L L " I lively J .’ , rn P o re -,! H i l l * 
$1 oo o e a u it y . 
P a y m e n ts $2o2. M o v e rn n o w 1 
674-54o1 
JA J 
674-4443 

PLACE IN THE VALLEY 
SU N V A L L E Y , TH AT IS ' 
W e huve 5 h om es iii this neighbor hood ran gin g from *35.9oo to 539 JOO with p aym en ts b o m $22o to $32o. A " a re e x c e p tio n a lly d e a n b r ic k or ro c k h o y le s w ith " r e p la c e $ a n d fences. These h o m e s can be seen daily by stooping at 6233 E v e r * R d or catling today 
Century 21 
Schneider Realty__________644-72o8 

POOL TENNIS COURT 
Located on 2 o cre s su rro u n d in g this e bedroom , 4 both executive nom e 
Q u a lit y p o i" t h r o u g h o u t 2 fire places M u ch interior wood d esign 
T ruly o m ust to see! $177,ooo Niles, 
491 2163 
494 77ti 
D O N JO H N SO N , R E A L T O R * 
KEY GROUP 

PREFERRED PROPERTIES 

 c a s t l e h i l l s e s t a t e s , l u x 
U R Y 
T H R O U G H O U T 
J s t o r y colonial. $ or 6 b ed roo m s, form at liv in g a n d d in in g - F P in fa m ily room c au rale a borters, o versized heated pool 

E X E C U T I V E H O M E on 2 a c r e s o v e r lo o k in g C a n y o n c r e e * G o lf 
C o u rse $ 3 lu r g e fam ily room , wetbar, separate dining, gourm et kitchen 

S A U N A A N D L A R G E P O O L . Cus tom Sp a n ish 5 4. study, living, dm my, fam ily room with F P , cove red patio, iundeck, rock patio on 2 lots, centrally located 

H E L O T E S . R e s t o r e d IOO yr old hom e on I x a cre s I bedroom , "v mg, d ining M o d e rn k ill hen bain. arid d re ssin g a re a 
Secluded with view 
C A L L 494 5227 
Armstrong Co, 
P riv a c y is pric» ess ii esh oil ihe m a rk e t is th is c o m fo rta b le J be d room N S school >, on lorgi tot new in 71, $25oo equity 7 
* of $ t*l m o 
T il 94V5 Bel! Rfc 

NEAR MED CENTER, 
U S A A 
U T S A , R e d u c e d for at suit at i i i i i 1 per sa tt! L ike ne bi d ro o m s 
2 b a th s su n k e n iii room and d in in g room F it eplac tomrly room cove red patio, prix fence, corn er lot. 
Im m ediate 

824 2391 (A nytim e) 
Deanie Owens Co 
R E A L T O R S , " 4 2 A U S T IN H W Y 
N I * r m e d i c a l C e n t e r , U 4 a A 
L u x u rio u s sp a iou * tow nhouse in excellent N W lo a "o n J bedroom s, 
J large com partm ented baths, plus born B ig b righ t ele ct*ic kitchen with i-u "n g ar eg and trench d oors to p a tio O v e r lo o k in g s c e n ic p o n d 
M a n y la rge re s e t s , wood D u rnin g fire p la ce c o v e re d p a r k in g M in t condition 424 o121 a n y H M E 
ROSOW & KLINE 
R E A L T O R S 5o Y e a rs ot I R u b I 
N ear SA<f, horn© incam©, no down joking lo b©< am $4^4 6i>i 3133 

REGRETFULLY FOR SALE 
The ow ner u n t c r iu n o "v h a s been tr a n s f e r re d le a v in g th is c u sto m built J bedroom nom e H u ge fam ily ro o m with fire o la ce , oil e le ctric k it c h e n im m e d ia te p o s s e s s io n 
* 5 j OOO 
344-4348 
Grace Arnold 
Rfc A L TO R 5 M L 5 

"IiiE W L IS T IN G 
4 2 2 in B ab co ck N orth with ga rde n kitchen, 2 patios, office area and sp a rklin g c le a n 1 P ric e d at $31,5oo 
*99 1133 
R E A L T O R S 
3417134 
R E D C A R P E T 

SEE NOW! lf w an t be a v a ila b le to m o rro w ! t xtrq clean a nd neat 2 bedroom , I bath hom e o f B lanco R d Beautiful hardw ood floors 
P riced rn m id teens 
349 s i l l o r )49 4 343 Anytim e 
Deanie Owens Co 
R E A L T O R * N O R T H C E N T R A L 

 b e ttlin g e sta te 
E x c e lle n t v a lu e 
N ea r N orthside. G ood to m m e ric a i potential 3 b e d roo m * or 2 b ed roo m a n d d en 
3o' liv in g d in in g a re a 
Beautiful hard w ood floors W u ikin g distance to sh o pp ing center 
. blk from b u slin e N ee d s so m e rep a ir 
C a s h or c o n v e n t io n a l lo a n o n ly 
$11,5oo H i 7595 tor appt 

T r y in g to s t a r t s o m e t h in g 
A fa m ily p e r h a p s ? H e re s y o u r home. 2 bedroom , fam ily room , bv m g and d in in g area, lu rge fenced b a c k y a rd $1,5,5oo. R o b e rta W hite 
533 7163, 333 3763 
B O B J O N E S . R E A L T O R S 
KEY GROUP 

STATELY COLONIAL 
W o n d e rfu l for e n t e r t a in in g a n d ra isin g a tuzriilv 
O v e r s ite a liv in g room, sepal a le dining, gigantic den com plete with b o r, 4 b e d ro o m s , 
W a lk to L e e s c h o o ls a ste a l at 
$54.5(1o A ss tor Beth Tuft 
441-9166 A N Y T IM E 
Century 21 

'H O W A R D T A T S R E A L T O R S 

T W IN C R E E K H O M E B Y O W N E R . 
4 2 7. Central air, oil carpet, $33,5oo 
684 4986 

UNDER $2o,ooo 
3 bedroom s, I 1 . baths, den in Detl- view area. V acant O w ner anxious. 
V era M ille r 344-2341. 344-8843 
B O B J O N E S , R E A L T O R S 
KEY GROUP 

U N D E R 53o,ooo 
Hom e ond incom e, I blk from jet te rson Hi 
D u p le x on c o rn e r lot, close lo bus, school, shopping. 
699 1133 
R E A L T O R S 
341 7838 
R E D C A R P E T 

UNUSUAL? YOU BET! 
3 bedroom s, and 2 holt b ed room s, believe it or not in E n c h a n te d Po rest Walk lo all N E. schools. 
Coll 349-1436 A n ytim e 
BASSE WEILBACHER 
IN C , R E A L T O R S 
W A N T A C R E A G E ? L iv e In H IL L 
C O U N T R Y V I L L A G E Love ly i be­ droom , 2 bath hom e on app roxtm o tely 2 a cres w here peace and auiet a b o u n d 
P o o l, b ath h o u se w o rk sh o o a re a a n d ro o m fo r h o rse s. 
N I. Schools, (C hu rch ill a re a ) Call 
494 ?e$t A N Y T IM E 
ROSOW 6 KLINE 
R E A L T O R S 5o Y e a rs ut T R U S T 

WHISPERING OAKS 
B y owner 3o35 W h isp er Fern. 4-3-2. beautiful home. Tastefully d e c o ra ' ed, custom d ra p e s large den w it" f ir e p la c e 
$8 8 ,o o o 
F o r a p p t 
492 237o No agen ts pieusc 
W H I S P E R I N G 
O A K S 1 
P r ic e 
Reduced to *72.9oo Tri level Beau tiful I b e d ro o m s, 3 b a th s liv in g room , bio se p a ra te fo rm o! d in in g room , p a n e le d fa m ily ro o m with fire p la c e a n d c a th e d ra l c e ilin g s 
G ou rm et kitchen, la rg e b re a kfa st room , su n d e c k Q uick p o sse ssio n 
Call 342 3211 A N Y T IM E 
ROSOW 6 KLINE 
R E A L T O R S 5o Ye a r s al T R U S T 
W IL L S H O W A N Y T I M E , c a " for appointm ent, by owner, W fndw ood 
Estate*. B oe rne area, H i" country liv in g ot its b e st 
I 2 
2 on 
2' A cre s,w ith lots of trees, law n*, a n d g a rd e n s , w ell a n d sp r in k le r sy ste m 
S p a c io u s s u n k e n fa m ily ro o m w ith b e a m e d c a t h e d r a l c e ilin g "r e p la c e , d o u b le o v e n s, form al dining, sp a ciou s patio. P rice 
572.5oo I 755 4274 

W IN O W O O D E S T A T E S 
Fa n ta stic value, la rg e 4-2' i h om e situated on 2.5 o cre s, n o s i f s own private well, o h IH IO near U T S A 
J u s! to m in u te s fro m town. O n ly 
$74,SOO Open term s 
V A L U E P L U S 
L a rg e 3-2-2, S p a n ish cu sto m built h o m e on n e a r ly 2 o c r e s , la r g e cathedral ceilings, m a ster bedroom with sitting room , additional 2 car g a ra g e p lu s w o rk sh o p , ve ge tab le garden and fruit trees. A n excellent value tor this one near Helotes ond 
U T $ A U S A A o n d M e d ic o ! C enter, all for $37,ooo 
Century 21 

W H I TL H E A D H O L ID A Y 
341 7115 
R E A L T O R S 

SWISHES it peace, com fort, ond location ort- im o p o r lo n t , se e th is G A R D E " 
H O M E 
2 b e d ro o m s, 2 baths, a nd p igs fed!iii cs 
124-2391 (A n ytim e ) 
Deanie Owens Co 
R E A L T O R S . 1142 A U S T IN H W Y 
16o7 W M A R I P O S l ' (""I- 
' droom rn L o s A n geles heights Naw carpet Only 1)4,ooo V A *5*12 34 
R E D C A R P E T 

WOODLAWN Dills 
This c n a rm ing older rock hom e h a s 
2 bedroom s, I bath. living and d in ­ ing area*, h uge screened porch on alm ost 
I a cre 
824 4521. nile', 
674 o744 
Turner Realty 

•WDDOLAWN HILLS® ” 
A f©a» buy on this I bed? oom, only 
SI/ OOO S©© ot 4/4 Continental B E 
T H I L U C K Y O N E ' 346 3471, nile* 
341 19o1 
B O B B R E N N E R R E A L T O R S 
W o o d * o f S h a v a n o i b ed room 
2 burh hom e h a s se p a ra te living, d in in g ro o m *., tg m d v ro o m w ith 
"re p la c e ! ( u r g e " / * 1 
551,5oo 
R E A L T O R S 
344-3o41 
Guy Chipman Co. 

• y 6 U N G C O U P L E S N O N v Y T $ 
L O O K ? t OU tog con buy no dow n 
M ost cir ©u^, £ I Qualify 
222»*U 34 Hr% ffcW R A R E A L T Y 

214 BITO SCIUTO 

 a a a L i i ? 1 
D r , 3 b e d r o o m x, g a r a g e , $2 m ove rn cosh $16o mo 
496-742o W A Y N E S L A T E R 344-o9 
A L L B R IC K IN H IG H L A N D S " 
E xtra la rge 2 b e d ro o m fire p iu t se p ara te d in in g d etached g u ru and tented y a rd Jut re painted side o n d o n ly *21,5oo v a 
F h 
C onv 349 4531 
5A N A N T O N IO R E A L E S T 

T e n d 3 B E D R O O M H O M E S ------ 
All right nit© horn#* that ar© priced lo Sell Call and we will * h o * you how e asy if lo gu y on© of th©*© fine horner 

. . . 
B IL L A R E A L ( S T A T E 
534 88o8 
333-1448 
333 1744 
Z T T T O e n 
A U T H * t i l 
5 
B E D R O O M * . i bulb s fa m ily room , with large kitchen grid d ining room , detached apt in rear, with g a ra g e and woi > shop, tow equity, d o se tit, lust a " f i eso 
. K U ^ M E * * B R IS C O E 
924-4131 
R E A L T O R S 
333-9368 

BARGAIN HUNTERS STEC! 
N o dow n p a y m e n t lo a n yo n e b edroom *. I both*, so rn© xedF and all app liances F ir*! p ay rn© 
A p ril 

 xxx. . * ° * o *»*a o l o 
512 4251 « 
R E A L 

^ 

San Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS—-Saturday January 15 1977 
Page I 7-o 

LAS VEGAS 
ACAPULCO 
HAWAII 

 l/IN- T H I VA'I A ' ION (.rf YOUR 
THE INCR-EOtfli F PROPERTY v 

U H .JIN '. ' n ' . TO SM 
'M i i i i AU IIF Ut 
OAK" S' T U D D f .o P P O P tH I I IN 
R lV iH M uN I i IN IME ULTA D A I UHE NIV EH. 
Save Thousands of Dollars N ow ! 
WINTER SALE! 
7 \ % F IN A N C IN G IS S T IL L A V A IL A B L E 

I HE MI VERMONT O f HCF IS NOH.T Ti ON MWV 281. SAKI PEDRO 1b MILSs] 
FROM LOOP 41o 
, 
/ 

2 LINES $ 

O days 

2 
2 
5 
- 
1 
6 
6 
6 
QUICK RESULTS! 

NON COMMERCIAL! 
CANCELLABLE 
WITHOUT 
RATE CHANGE 

216 HOUSES SOUTHWEST 
M E D IN A C O U N T Y 
1,ooo a t t . w o r k in g ra n c h 
O v e r 4oo a c re s irrig a te d . Several sections w ilt) im 
D roved grasses 8 la rg e stock tanks 
Dias M inning i i eek s ta r m s 227 1333 

W ANT C O A STA L P R O P E R T Y 
A ransas Pass o r P ort A ra n s a s a reo 
D O UG LAS A N D E R S O N 
8o3 Gordino______________ 733 1367 
W E E K E N D HO M E 
San A n to n io s id e of C a n y o n la k e 
L a k e , b e a u tifu l v ie w ot b ills a nd va lle y 7 b edroom s. I bath, c e n tra l o lr-heat. w a she r d ry e r cone 864 sa. ft 
N e a r b o a t r a m p 
B v O w n e r 
A g e n t, a t 822,5oo. a s s u m e 8 '« » loan. I 964 3328 eves and w eekends 
W IL L IN G TO T R A D E OR S E L L 
: l a k e -fro n t C a b in on L a k e M e re d ith Coacted 7o m in. fro m B o rg e r and 4o m in fro m A m a rillo . B e a u ­ tifu l un o b s tru c te d vie w lo cate d in 
Lake M e re d ith H a rb o r on I - lots. 
F u lly fu rn is h e d . Ilre p la c e . O w n e r bas m oved to San A n to n io W ould lik e to tro d e fo r s im ila r p ro p e rty a ro u n d S on A n to n io o r A u s tin . 
V alued at 825,OOO Call 517 673 4628 
Mon I nu' v L illy .___________________ 

MEDINA COUNTY 
97 ACRES, RIO MEDINA— U rn field. Old house. Good well S mi. from 
Medina lake 

HO 
ACRES, 
RIO 
MEDINA— All lecture. Fronts Medina toke Rd 4 int. rom Medina lake 

143 ACRES, CASTRO V illi— 25 rn field I tank, rest posture Good deer hunting. 

143 
ACRES. 
CASTROVILLE— All pasture Great vtew Deer & quail 

1*2 
ACRES. 
CASTRO V illi— All pasture. 7 tonks Rood frontage View 

I GS ACRES. CASTRO VUU— 75 or in fields Old house and born. I tank 4o ac gross. S3 ac mesquite All potential form lond. 

I AS ACRES, CASTROVUU-14? ac improved posture, coastal 25 ne tries quite with a IS ac lake Excellent buss fishing & duck hunting 

18o ACRES. CASTROVILLE - All inspire Ook trees I lank Good deer looting 

28* ACRES, CASTROVIUE - 2S ar field, 261 ac. posture Good land I tank. Good hunting 

335 ACRES, CASTROVIUE - IVO rn 
In fields — improved posture I4S ac mesquite posture Old house A born. 
IS at lake. Excellent bass fishinq A duck hunting 

59o ACRES, RIO MEDINA - MI. 
FROM 
Medina lake fronting on 
Medina Lake Rd. J houses, I well Pipe pens Fishing tank Good fences Good hunting. Grout view 

UVALDE COUNTY 
35o ACRF5, UVAIDI— 7 ml. W. U S 
Hwy VO frontage Pnrt of o larger ran th. All pasture Good deer A bird hun ting 

1,1o9 ACRfS. UVAIDI— 7 mi W IJS 
Hwy VO frontage, 2oo ck bottomland cleared I tank Ook A Mesquite court try Excellent deer A quail hunting 
Bottlers much lorger tomb 

1,624 ACRES, SABINAl-US Hwy 
VO frontage 2 tonks, 2 lakes Some farmland 
Several wells lirellenl hunting 

These listings are oil with assumption loans A all ownei boomed with low down payments We have other ex elusive listings in Medina A Uvalde 
Counties (all us 
DEL BAKER, JR. 
& ASSOCIATES 
5152 BROADWAY 
P.O. BOX 674 8 
SAN ANTONIO, 
T E X .7 82o 9 
5 1 2 -8 2 6 -3 2 8 1 
MEMBER T.F.R.A. 
5 1 2 - 8 2 6 - 2 1 2 4 

418 PICKWELl 
Assume or refinance this lovely 
3 bedroom home. 
Carpet, paneling, large screened bock porch. 
TERMS. 
HIGHLANDS 
Near 
Highlands 
High 
School, 3 bedroom, 2 bath, 
2 car garage 
Built-in k it­ chen, central heat and air, carpet. Terms available. 
5 3 2 - 5 2 4 5 n it e s , 3 3 3 - 3 9 8 8 

Spanish ( o n to m p o ra rv I s to ry m a ­ sonry* e xce lle n t lo catio n tine pion 
5,ooo sa tt 
A m ple p a rk in g C all t 
W a tkin s .Ut 9191, N iles B.M <s4/8 

Realtor s T a rm & Ranch 

P R IM E 21 A C R E S in lr u n s h o rn lio n s m a ll b usiness in d u s tria l com p ie * of I 
San A ntonio, Inside I pop 
41o j a ll u t ll 111 v s a v a il a hie. cl e a r e ct and re a dy to develop into In d u s tria l, w arehouse, m u lti fa m ily 
J M C U L L IN A N R E A LT O R 
144 2341 

Lmxw4 w»t w k H 
N m H m abr bwiti On yxxsX u n til. 
City wWw. 
P R IC E : $ 3 9 , 8 o o . o o 
HAVERLAH RIAL ESTATE 
Comer Highway 281 A Goodwin St. 
Pleasanton, Texas 
Telephone 
San Antonie: 
*26-2111 
Pleasanton: 
5*9-2527 
5*9-2o28 
5*9-2487 

N e w 
B r a u n fe ls - H ill 
C o u n tr y 
P ro p e rty 
Sc heel & Assoc 
Rectify 
64 ' 5 Sequin N Bi auu fels 
5 8o TH 

 t 
He a m e Ow e m s 
^ 
REALTORS-AMS 
!? So H ir e lie u t 
L e a k e y A rc 
H e avily wooded Good h u n tin g 8, d o w n 
51o9 87 m o n th ly 
L in o 
Jones 
*14 1627__________________ 
S m a ll P k g lo t. d o w n to w n i or hi location con lisso m e 
734 5434 C P K O S U B 342 o343 
SOU THW EST M H H A R Y DR ~ 
, b lk s c o s t o l l i t 15 in la r g e 
S outhside s h o p p in g te n te r 
A ll i p o rt C'ver 47 OOO sci ll ut lo nd hie fo r b u s in e s s or o tto e 
927 4 IK 
Ais 4(139. 923 8693 M ik e A ustin 

PRICE REDUCED 
.18 2 o c re s n ea r F lo re s v ille . 7 l> droom hom e, > out b u ild in g s , tre e i n il lo r deta ils 
_ 
B r i g h a m r e a l t y 673 h oi 
P R O P E R T Y E X C H A N G E S 
R EG IO NAL A N D NA T IO N W IO I 
D E V A U L T A ASSOC 349 2677 

A M E R IC A N A Just south of K e lly . 
L ovely 3 b edroom 2 b ath , re d e c o r­ ated. O nly 825o down. 8199 m o n th . 
No c re d it needed. H u rry ! 
97? 17o6 
P AT M C V E Y 
674-2523 
A m e ric a n o 3 7 I on la rg e , fe n c e d lot, e x c e lle n t c o n d itio n . V e ry low e qu ity and assum e 82o6 T IT ! 
W ill take vehicle as p a rt or a ll of e qu ity 
623 4764___________________________ _ 
A m e ric q n o I 2 I on terro r, fe n c e d lot e x c e lle n t c o n d itio n 
V e rv low e qu ity and assum e 52o6 T IT ! 
W ill take vehicle as p o rt or a ll of e q u ity 
/■?.'. 4/64.___________________ 
____ 

J t it A H II OW ENS k l Ai I OTTS-M IS 
E ast c e n tra l a re a, on 2' ? acres 
648 333o L G R IP PS R L T Y 648 o448 
194 A c re s w e ll w in d m ill b a rn - hunting cabin, b lin ds 885o a cre . Jim 
A shley Real Estate- 684 42.’ 6________ 
NO CASH DOWN 
TRADE IN 

YOUR CAR, ROAT, WIFE, 
HUSBAND 

Or Atty Ola tiling for the down payment en these:. . . 

Porcel 69 . R4ooo Nice hill side view, Oak Trees, Access to river, recreation, park facilities, tennis and fishing. 

PARO! IS * 
53*oo, Own this nice large tract for as little as your trode in and 53o or 535 per month at 8% simple interest and 12 years to pay. In Hill Country North 

PARCEL 295 • $73oo, Fish out your hack door on beautiful spring fed lake. Tremendous view Access to Guadalupe 

W ill TAKE ANYTHING IN TRADE 
FOR DOWN PAYMENT, 

ANYTHING!) 
HBG REAL ESTATE 
733-13o9 

BUILD YOUR OWN HOME 
On th is 75x13o It. lo t o ft S o lp h c r 
S prings Rd 
Fenced on 7 sides, a ll u tilitie s a v a ila b le 57,ooo. E ast Cen tro t 
Schools 
532-5245 o r nites 
333 9o99 
D EANIE OWENS CO. 
R eplier 
M I S________ 

R A NCH ES Near P oteet 517 ac res, I irrig a te d w e lls , m o s tly co a s ta l, houses, 595o o n a ir e 
IOO ac J c's 
, o a s toi g ro s s , la rg e la n k house 
59oo on a c re . IOO a i re s c o a s ta l grass, b a rn w in d m ill, sm a ll pin u nit loading shutes. 895o on o n e T et m s 
*o down owner fin a n c e 7o a cre s. d itched Irr m ated, new m o b ile hom e, 
845,ooo. 58 ooo dow n, 535o m o W ill toke some tra d e inc lu d ln a an plan e 
Call 6 >3 6583. Mites c o lle c t o l l . 1 id 17 

4359 BOB BULA 

3 bedrooms, I Vt bath, terms open. Ready to move into. 
1132 MARCH AVE. 

3 bedroom, I both, terms open. 

344-6268 
923-5844 

CONNALLY 
REAL ESTATE INC. „ 

I ' 687 sa tt BJ, 9oi MI ti 
’n OOO sq ti ll. s . 'so sa it 
I i, ton Mi tt ll S I SII it 
73 OOH SU ft 
8 2 SI .'ll s a It 
7 14 54 14 C P KOSUB 142 o.141 

This 7 a cre s of good soil is only m in 
(ro m C a la v a r e s , a n d a p e r fe c t h o m e s ite . 82.T2o, 81oo d o w n , 12 ye ars to pay Coll and ask for John. 
92/ 7441 H B P R E A L E STA TE 
For sale bv ow ne r, IO 5o a cres od 
16o4 SW on B enton C ity Rd. O w ner w ill fin an ce w ith re asonable dow n 
Coll 684 1683._______________________ 
G onzales County near H a rw o o d 24 acre s 815.ooo paw er 828 2117_______ 

A ssu m e $185 V A 
M u s t se ll 3 l l carpeted, lanced, p od io 6 / i o96/. 
B M M M U h in t m 6 -le vel 
H illtop € w it t n o o r afy o ver­ looking beautiful 
Now 
Brovw&ls. 1,4oo to- »*. All tho luxuries yow could im ag­ ine. 3 w e t bar*. I t k cpto c u , his cmd hor bathroom *, lo t* o f atoM, wood, 
M exkon brick and Soft! bo ti to. Hor w a lk -in closet I* lorgor than tho av o ro g* bedroom. 
$ 12 4,o oo . 
Call 
Arnold 

L ots in Thousand O aks. H o llyw o o d 
P o rk , unit IO 4 a cre s o ui Sun P edro, off H w y 46. C oll fo r d etolls. 
Coll 349 1436 A n y tim e 

- RANCH L A N D S — 
Lan d For A ll P ut pose 
No 7 F lintston e , 78213 

35 U N IT M O T H in oil boom I, lo r y 
R u n n in g n e a r ly IOO i u p riiit v 727 1 133 

Invest in th is sm a ll 2 b ed ro om hom e w h ile fa m ily is sm a ll, sell la te r and use e qu ity to buy la rg e r hom e. Good n e ig h b o rh o o d , H a rlo n d a le a re a . 
R E A LT O R 349 1121 Hiles 341 7514, 

145 A c re s . 2 b e d ro o m bouse a n d b a rn . 63o ft 
E d w a rd s w e ll. P ro n lo ge on o il w e a th e r ro a d , 4,ooo tt 
L e s s th a n 5 m i. (r o m L o o p 41o 
O ther tra c ts . IO a cre s and up, B exar and W ilson Co. 
344 6268, 
341 6566, 
684 5768 

INC. R E A LT O R S 
6U4 86oo t ru m s 
R anches' 492-2796 
BY O W N E R : 
Toff A re a Lot .-oiled to r duplex or single resid en ce Six blocks, o il schools. D r. B re nn an , 
224 723/_____________________________ 

2 CHOICE L ake T ra v is R esort lots, 
Coll 512-968-8533._________ 

SHO W PLACE near New IG a im fu l 
J yr old 6 b ed ro om , i at k 
75 acre- lu n k , cross lone mu. paved : aud 
734 5434 C P KOSUB J42 o14.1 
B E A U T IF U L 3-1 co 
In A m e ric a n a 
A ir , a p p lia n c e s , fenced, $175 down, p a ym e n ts $174 
J ftJ________ 674-8863________ 674 54o1 
BY O W N E R 3 I I, 3ox15 s c re e n e d p o rc h , la rg e fe n c e d lo t, c lo s e to schools and bases. $18,5oo F IR M 
922 3335.____________________________ 
C O L L IN S G A R D E N 
E x tra n ice 3 b e d ro o m , 2 b a th , d e n , $1 7,5oo. 
V23 4327 921 1835 
Ronald Williamson 

N e a t 2 b e d ro o m on C ut De S ac. 
L arge paneled den. nice ca rp e tin g . 
O ver 12oo sq.ft.. Fenced y a rd . O nly 
$17,95o.F H A VA. 
John 
G ra y, 
696 533o. 
Office — Yard 
Airport Area 
2 Blocks ftoni loop 41o 

 lot Krill — RSO sg ft office spin ii central air and heal 1S,ooo cq ll of yard up|iei T ryiione feme 
Zoned I induct! m’ Suitable for ton 
Tmh tot, wlmlmale. light mnnufnr luring 
$ 2 5 o M o n th 
822 9368 

C h o ic e o ak c o v e re d a c re p ric e d u n d e r m a r k e t 
F o r d e ta ils a n d view ing, c a ll 34? 4115 AN Y T IM E . 
25-35 A C R E S iii C o m a l C o u n ty 
Close iii S m a ll r o s tr li ted s u b d lv i s io n n e a r B u lv e r d e 
B e a u tifu l ro llin g h ills u n it p a v e d ro a d tro p lo ge 
2oo AC R E S C lose in. C om a l 
County nea r 281 N o rth P aved road fro n ta g e , la rg e s to c k ta n k tre e co vered ro llin g to le vel g ra ssla n d . 
B ea u tifu l su b u rb a n ra n c h la tid . E « cedent te rm s 
Bv O w n er 
C all A rt 
Selden 341 VIV!, lutes 655-5oo4 

 th r o u g h t h is l l 
4- A c re s v e o r ro u n d 
It is n o rth , lu s t s o u th of 
B la n c o . P r ic e d to s e ll. H B G .. 
B R O K E R , 82? 1236_________________ land locators ot Texas 
3334 BOB B IL L A DR. 
W ith little p o in t th is 3 b e d ro o m , 2 bath hom e w ill be lik e new, m a n y e x it as and the p ric e is righ t. 
SWT F A R M <1 R A N C H Real E state 
P O Box 563, C o tulla. Tx 78o1 1 
A pprox 26oo o r r e » N E L A S A L L I 
CO 
W ith t I in R iv e r fro n ta g e 
7 nic e m o b ile h o m e s 
G a ra g e , h u n tin g stands, n u m e ro u s s m a ll Ile itis 
I « cedent h u n tin g cmd fis h in g 
S m a ll p o rtio n ut m in e ra ls 5 lr-5 p er a c re w ith good le i m s 
Lee P eters, I 879 27 59 

L A R G E C H O IC E C O R N E R (of in 
H ollyw ood P o rk , o p o ro x im o te ly 2oo ti. deep, o ver 5o oak tre e s , m a n y la rg e Lot m o stly co vered w ith ca r pet g iass. 511 OOO Call 494 2315. 
---------------- LOT FOR SALE----------------- 
'? A c re o ne b lk (ro m S o u th s id e 
Centeno 53.5oo. 537 4/6? 
O ak H ills, hi level o v e rlo o k in g city. 
529,ooo. 735 7683 341 7811____________ 
On C a s tro v ille Rd, 5 lo ts c o rn e r, a sking $21,ooo, m a ke an o tte r m a y consider L E. R o d rig u e /. 227 7855 
P ric e d to r Q uick Sale B y O w n e r 
L o t 1oox213 a t 22o8 S toves, /o ile d re s id e n tia l o r d u p le x , c a sh p ric e 
$7ooo. C o rn er lo! 1oox2oo at G reen 
G len and P u rp le Sage. (n e a r UT 
SA), cash p ric e 
$7ooo 
227 62/1 
674 15o3 
" T6T4' ?3 w h o u STO n"1 ooTTTs~ 
ISI P ic k fo rd . c o rn e r 5ox15o 
151 A lic ia St, 5ox125 
1425 B a rn e y St, 1oox114 
Ben F rie d m a n 732-8o16 

TIME REALLY FLYS 
BOB B IL L A R E A L E S TA TE 
534 88o8 
333 1468 
333 1764 
548oo CASH, la rg e older hom e near 
Lius and sh o p p in g , go bv 411 B el m ont and co ll us 
H UG HES ft BRISCOE 
924-4331 
R E A LT O R S 
333-9358 
3-1-6 1*, 147 G a lw a y in H ig h la n d 
H ills. $35oo e qu ity and assum e VA 
$155 m onth. B ill G oodw in 826 3/15; 
Leo na rd R ealty. 734 6/56.__________ xeee 819 D elew are. N othing dow n lo anyone! 
$1o.9/5 
H ablum os 
Espanol. 
923 19o4 A rc in ie g o R e olty 923 52o6 
O eH cre st new dom e, b ric k , 3-2 2, fire u lu c c , ce n tra l heat and air 
33 o64oL E O N A R D . R e olto r6 6 l 1322 

Make- y o u r p la n s n ow if you a re th in k in g of C o u n try L iv in g . R u ra l p ro p e rty w ill c e rta in ly be h ig h e r this sp rin g. Her e is a lu x u ry hom e on 25 acres, of O aks and w ild gam e 
J u s t 28 m ile s fro m W o n d e rla n d 
There is a guest house, e x tra stor age b u ild in g and a deep w ell W ell la nce d a nd cro ss fe n c e d . C all fo r fu ll d etails. $159,ooo. 344-«348 
Grace Arnold 
_________ R E A LTO R S M LS_________ 
I to IO acres, east c e n tra l, u tilitie s . 
648-333o L G R IP PS R L T Y 648 o448 

B rin g your p a in t b ru s h , no d ow n p aym en t to anyone. 3 4 b ed ro om s, 2 b a th s , so m e w ith a ir a n d a ll a p pliances P aym en ts less than re n t 
BOB D cP A O LO 
532 5251__________________R E A L T O R 
E D G E W O O D A R E A 
N ice cle an , c o m fo rta b le house, 2 bedroom , I bath O nly 512.5oo Open term s 349 14/9 
H ector J. H e rb eck Inc., R e a lto rs 

3 + ACRES HILLSIDE 
Near C anyon L ake ru q u e d B ea u ty. 
Trees and view. 5/95 per a c re L ow d o w n a n d t e r m s 
B ill H u g h e s , 
B ro k e r. 312 18o8.___________________ 
3o A c re s , m a ie s tic o a k s , f e r tile g ra s s la n d , m o u n ta in a nd v a lle y v ie w , n o rth ol B o e rn e , $1,2oo p e r a c re t SI? 479 J726________________ 
5 
A C R E S 
M E D IN A 
R IV E R 
RAN C H low down o w ner fin an ced 
684 4211 or Z51 9V43 
________P IO N E E R R E A L T Y _______ 

15 IR R IG A T E D A C R E S -L Y T L E 
2o d ow n , 8 '/Jii, c o a s ta l g ra s s y 
W ATSON ft SON R E A LT O R S 
/36-1766 
828-o465 
333 1143 
A t ASCOSA C O UNTY 
4o6 A C R E R A N C H paved in - - 
2oo a cre s i u lttv a h ib ie bullule e ii bru sh 
23*3 AC R E S ut pm fla tly im p ro v e ! i n m b la n d , g o o d a c t ess a n d im p ro vem e n ts, A llu s io n w ell 
B E X A R C O U N T Y 
72 a c re s in s id e I M m o i, n o rth o 
Thousand 
O aks on lorn- 
M a ltsb ei aer 
112 A CRES g e n tly slo p p in g b rith land w ith 2 houses 
B LA N C O C O U N TY 
1o74 A C R E S ty p ic a l h ill c o u n t!1 w ith hom es, shed, p e r 
W ILSO N C O U N TY 
A P P R O X 
2o A C H E S cit t e r l l l sandy loam , old house 
7 hand din well*., 1 1 eel- ta i in rood ti o utage 
O VE R 18 ACRES, deep sandy loan w ith im ae house, w ell, o u tb u ild in g lu nks a n ti h igh w a y fro n ta g e 
J M C U L L IN A N , R E A LT O R 
512 344 2)41 

Ju st u n d e r 5 a c re s In W o o d rid g e 
P ork 
M etered w a te r. Can assum e loon. 9?4 81 16, 622 372? 
H Y A T T R E A L E S TA TE 
LA R G E B U IL D IN G SITE 
I m ile n orth (rom Loop N.W. d esired location, deep soil and wooded a re o. 
W a te r , e le c t r ic it y , a n d p h o n e 
P a y m e n ts of 542 79 a t 7 s im p le in terest a tte r sm a ll dow n p aym ent. 
Call I es F e lle r. 6/9 7229____________ 

N e w d u p le x in s u b d iv is io n n e a r 
W ilfo rd H a ll a n d L a c k la n d A F B 
O ne u n it h as 3 b e d ro o m s a n d ? b u lb s th e o th e r u n it h a s 2 be d ro om s and I both. B ed ro om s and liv in g are as a re fu lly ca rp ete d. K it th e n s o re e q u ip p e d w ith ra n g e dishw ash e r disposal and re trig e ra 
(o r 
G ood in c o m e p o te n tia l 
F o r 
/tew ing , ta ll 6/3 5o83 AN Y T IM E 

15 m inutes out IH IO fro m W onder la n d . 2.9 A c re s on a h ig h h ill c o vered w ith tre es and a v ie w to r miles. 
Up to 
IS v e o r te rm s BY 
O W NER 

N E A R B O E R N E on pave d road. a ll in g ra s s w ith s p r e a d in g o a k s 
Fenced, stock la n k , stable and w ell 
74 x 6o I b e d ro o m , 2 b ath m o b ile hom e tu rn . C hoice b u ild in g s ig h t. 
E x c e lle n t assum ption. 

Southeast Sail A nto nio: 2o 52 a cre s w ith 3 b e d ro o m hom e, h om e and 
9.36 a cres can be bought se pa ra tely 
O nw er w ill c a rry note, fo r d eta ils call 
Reese Henry 
Realtor 
655-3584 
Nife$ 
6S3-8S92 
H A R L A N D A L E A R E A 
N e w ly p o in te d 2 b e d ro o m h om e, la rg e pecan tre e s , g a ra g e , ra n g e . only 51/.5oo 
B R IG H A M R E A L T Y 673 14o1 
H IG H L A N D H IL L S . 3 b ed ro om , I baths, se p a ra te d in in g , new p a in t inside and out. O nly 517,5oo. Open term s. 

A l A M O H E IG H T S 
5154 B R O A D W A Y 
A p p tu x im a te ly 5Soo s I at s p a c i­ n g s Peen C ali- for I / vt*. New k ii 
Chon 
P le n ty at p a r k in g In n -m 
A v a ila b le ta re sp on sib le p a rty 
AL AM O H E IG H T S C E N T E R . INC 
822 9451 

J IM THO M AS 698 2261 
TWO ACRES OF R IV E R 
N o rth on G uadalupe Scenic woods a n d to p s o il 
H ig h a b o v e a c le a r clean g ra v e l bottom riv e r $12,9oo. 
O wner w ill fin an ce. R o b e rt S m ith, 
69ft2o61, it no a nsw e r, 494 6777. 
W IN D W O O D E S T A T E S . I « OC re s to r sole bv ow ne r, 249 2819 
2 ye ar old 3 bedroom , I 1: bath, on 2 a c re s o ff R anch Rd 112o b etw e en 
Leakey and Rio F rio , occess lo F rio 
R ive r. I 232 6634________________ 

Custom built 1-3 Acres. Oak trees, hill co u n try. N orth- 
Northwest. Homes ready to move into. Financed. We cus­ tom build. Have 1-3-5 acre tracts available. We consider trades. Sawyer Const. Co. 
733-o4o9 
494-2743 
M o to r H ighw ay F rcn ta g e -B n e rn e 
IS or 25 a tri-s , good land, no sub d iv is io n , a ro re fin d in th is a re o 
O wner. 494 3332. 
M E D IN A R IV E R R A N C H P ro p e rly to r sa le. 4 9 a c re s , fe n ce d h o rs e pen, w a te r fa c ilitie s . 
A tte r 
6, 
141 4561_____________________________ 

JOA A C R e T T a N D E R a C O U N T Y 
R A N C H 
L e v e l 2 ro llin g w ith liv e o ak c o v e re d te r r a in , p e rm a n e n t lake stocked w ith fish . 2 sm a ll stock tonks and cre e k L ic c lie n t h u n tin g , ideal place to r ru n n in g a few head at c a ttle o r c n io y in g lite . S how n by a p p o in tm e n t 
O w n e r f in a n c in g 
698 2111 o r I 796-3/57________________ 
4? a c re liv e ook h ills 
Jo in s hug e rn c h , d ee r tu rk e y 
5395 p e r u c re . 
L ib e ra l te rm s 1896 244o 
36.88 a c re s o d lo ln * C ity lim it s ot 
D e v in e . N e a r s c h o o ls , on p o v o d ro a d, good p o te n tia l d e v e lo p m e n t 
O w n e r f in a n c e 
B ill G o o d w in , 
8263715: L e o n a rd R e alty, 714 6756 
1ooo ACRES a1 i l / 5 on a c re . I m ile creek fro n ta g e , te rm s 135o A C R E S at $265 an acre , h ig h w a y fro n ta g e , te rm s 
Sam 
C a m p be ll, 
B ro k e r, 
656-7667.____________________________ 

H U D A c q u ire d H om es o ft S 
I ar 
/a m o ra a nd P o te e t H ig h w a y . C a ll os tor service. 
924 42o9 
A L L R E A L T Y 
$33-7987 
K ennedy H i y o u 'll be p ro u d to liv e iii th is c o m p le te ly re m o d e le d I be­ d ro om house. C a rp et F e a re d W alk to schools $15,5oo VA 222 9495 B ell 
RE_________________________________ 
L A C K L A N D T E R R A C E . R o o m y olde r 3 b e d ro o m 2 b ath , w ith g a r age c e n tra l a ir a n d h e a t, lo v e ly lo c a tio n a n d flo o r p la n 
B U Y NO 
DOWN VA o r assum e 5' 4 note w ith m odest e qu ity 674 3552 
HO DSDON ft ASSOC., R E A L T O R S 

A T T E N T IO N V E T E R A N S 
N E , a d ja c e n t to R andolph A t I) 
3 a p p ro x . I? a n e ti a rts 
W ATSO N ft SON R E A LT O R S 
628 1262 

N E A R K £ N D A L IA 
Fenced, w e ll 
2o acre s in c u ltiv a tio n . 
C A L L 
494 5227 
E ve n in g s 494 3789 

5 A C R E S N E A R S E G U IN . *48oo 
S m all down, Iona te rm fin a n c in g , bv ow ner 53-1 8876.____________________ 
TEXAS VETS 

B e o u titu l tra c t on paved road See a nd you w ill buy 
C a ll Ray W ood 
Iv / .751 
I v e ilin g s 82? 9155________ 
16 AC R E S N O R TH t i title B la nco A re o ) i bed ro om s/ 2 baths, fra m e house 
P riv a te welter w e ll, fenced tilla b le soil. Ideal tor sm a ll horse or g ard e n fa rm S ituated Iii h e a v ily populated 
(le e r c o u n try 
T e rm s a v a ila b le 
O w ner 
C o n v e n tio n a l or V A 
For a p p o in tm e n t or in fo rm a tio n , c a ll 
Jim H a rd in 497-353o or I 885 44o6 
A L BACON R E A L E S T A T E 
16 ACRES N O R TH 
(L ittle B la nco A re a ) 
4 bedroom s, I baths, b a rd e house 
P riv a te w ater w ell, fenced tilla b le soil Ideal tor s m a ll horse or g ard e n fa rm S ituated Iii h e a v ily pop ulate d d e e r c o u n try 
T e rm s a v a ila b le . 
O w ner 
C o n v e n tio n a l or V A 
For a p p o in tm e n t or in fo rm a tio n , c a ll 
Jim H a rd in 497-353o o r I 885 44o6 
A L BACON R E A L E S TA TE 

B A N D E R A C O U N T Y 24 ACRES 
U pper S abinal C anyon L iv e W a ter 
J K L E IG H T O N , R I A LTO R S 
V an d erp o ot, Tx_________512 966 34oo 

H IG H L A N D H IL L S re d e c o ra te d J b e d ro o m s , 2 b a th b e a u ty ' Q u ie t, ile a n s tre e t O nly $2oo dow n, $189 m onth No c re d it? No p ro b le m ! 
922-17o6 
P A T M C V E Y 
674 2523 
H IG H L A N D P A R K 
L a r g e I be d ro o m , I b a th , s e p a ra te d in in g double detached garage. C om plete ly renovated F H A a p p ra is e d C all 
♦odav. 

OUT OF COUNTY ^ 
MEDINA LAKE AREA 

UKE Hills, TIXAS - this 3-2 '/,- 
7, older home, mony dosets, nice cnrpetmg, huge wood burning fireplace, patio* 4 room guest cot­ tage plus 2 bedroom, mobile home 
Storage building and boat shed All situated on 2.5 ones plus hee studded fenced lot ond paved mod' 
Assume at 
Nites 65* 8218 

DAVOR NITE 6S5-6848 
| 

« 
^ j | n i u r f u i i 

 l l & a u t l i w s 

( I r t ? a l i t | 

• I AC O N ( IR C L E E A S T if le ase o b it ii w ith s m a ll w 
35 a c re s b e a u tifu l 3 b e d ro o m , 2 b a th , b ric k h o m e w ith fire p la c e , la rg e m e ta l b a rn , e x c e lle n t w r ll, fe n c e d , p a v e d ro a d , c lo s e iii to 
Seguin. Rual w a te r system a v a ile r hie 
M 
O 
E Y E H L E Y ft ASSOC. 
6562678____________________________ 

B u s in e s s , g au d to t lo u n g e , b o d y shop, etc 
R ent of lease S75o m o 
C ol net S 
F lo re s 
B y a p p o in tm e n t only 534 4) 16 
________ 

L ittle or No C r e d it ' $1oo D o w n , 
P a y m e n ts s to r t a t $15o 
' a n d I b dl rn hom es A nyone con buy L ft 
A Real E stote 433 899o, 927-5129 t o w F O U 'T Y a n d cm I,, s i l o a m onth tor th is ' b e d ro o m , I b ath , c a rp o rt hom e fre s h ly p a in te d in s id e a n d o u t c a rp e tin g in liv in g ro o m h all a nd I b e d ro om , in clu de s ra n ge 675 2152. 

IOO 335 A C R E S B A N D E R A a m id lo catio n , good h u n tin g . O w n er tin a ne eel S IM M O N S R E A L E S T A T E , 
Poteet. 
1 742 3368 
1 742-8655, 
342-4o53_____________________________ 
SO A n e s , b e a u tifu l oaks, deer and tu r k e y , 5 m ilo s S outh of M e d in a la k e 515oo per g e n 
I 5 18/o75 

WE CAN SE L l YOUR 
R A N C H f A R M OR HUM L 
IN THE H IL L C O U N T R Y 
H U U S TON R A N C H R E A L T Y 
B oerne. Tx 78UU* 
249 2114 Or 749 J J U 
________ 

35 M I 
N OF SAN A N T O N IO , Oil 
U S in t e r s ta t e 281 is th e w e ll p la n n e d d e v e lo p m e n t of C y p re s s 
Cove sub d iv is io n 
C y p re s s C ove has its' own p riv a te boat ra m p to r 
Canyon L ake . p a rk , ten n is c o u rts , s w im m in g pool, and a m e nitie s. Now a v a il, in th is p re s tig io u s sub d iv e sion is a 4 bed ro om , 2 bath. 2 s to ry hom e. The b e d ro o m s o re lo c a te d u p s ta irs and o la rq e liv in g a re a is d o w n s ta irs . F o r f u ll in fo r m a tio n and a pp t, to in spe ct, c o ll now ond eniov the su m m e r a w a y fro m the 
Cdy. 
FO R T H E B E S T c o u n tr y liv in g aro un d, see this 25 a c re estate. 6 nu fro m the in te rs e c tio n at U S. 281 and 
I M 1863. less than JO m in. d riv in g tim e n o r th o f S an A n to n io . T h e a c re a g e is v e ry m u c h im p ro v e d w ith the 3 b e d ro o m , 2 b o th b ric k veneer hom e, J5o It w a te r w e ll, 5oo aal. septic tan k, b ro o d e r house ond pens, ro ck BBD p it, 2 s to ra g e out b u ild in g and m ore. The hom e has a wood b u rn in g fire p la c e in the fa m ily room , c e n tra l heat and a ir, e le c tric ra n ge , ond m ore. Use o u r conven lent Son A ntonio phone no. to set up on appt 
B R A U N T E X R E A L T Y INC. 
NEW B R A U N F E L S 
I 6268554 
Son A ntonio D ire c t lin e 658-8o24 

4 B edroom Rock, H ill C o u n try , nu in nos studded a i res, co i n er ut 
I 

( (IN V E RS ION 
734 5434 C P K O SUB 342 o343 

W hat type R anch do you w o nt? 
RAN C H M A R K E T 65$ 42o6, 226 5184 
R I J Box 271. Son A ntonio. 78718 
B etw een Son A n to n io o n d S eguin 
I o ro e tre e s le ft sta n d in g , coastal, b e a u t if u l b u ild in g s ig h t , la n k , fenced, ow ner anxio u s 

I b e d ro o m hom e on 7 p lu s a riv e r ti on! w ith p a rk lik e bottu p ave m e nt, o nly 15 m in u te s et 
San A ntonio 5.17.51)o 

- ro o m s h e a tin g u n it, a i pets, d ru pe s lust 
Low on Cash? No c re d it? Don t dis o a ir we sell you a re c o n d itio n e d house 22? 9495 B ell R E _______ 
IO X R I N I 
O F F IC E SPACE 
IC) H im I III I I i-rb-r ll k s h ill ii I 
N O R M A 
RO G ER S 
537 2197 land locators of Texas 
N e a r L a c k la n d , J b e d ro o m 
> baths 516oo e q u ity 5152 m o p ym h 
923 VI57. 923 6693______ 
_______ land locators of Texas 

H IG H L A N D P AR K t- older 2 bed ro om w ith den a nd ate d in in g 
D etached garag e. tut VA 
FH A Cony 518,ooo 

Assoc 
N E A R L A C K L A N D . C h -o n a n d m o d em 4 bed ro om . I b ath hom e w ith g a ra g e , c e n tra l a ir h eu l. n ice tu rn e d y a rd . 5 /o 5oo 
No dow n on 
V A lo o n 
T o ta l p a y m e n ts b e lo w 
-.'(Kl 674 5411 

165 acres. D uval C o . b ig d ue t, aas ro y a lly 
648 333o L O R IP P S R L T Y 648 o448 
IO 8 ACRES out /HI N o rth in B la nco 
C o un ty. O nly 512.5oo. L ots of o ak, ce da r, and elm tre es 74 1552. 
_______ H O DSDO N ft ASSOC 
45 A cre s 
Rio M e d ina , ro llin g hilts good grass, b e a u tifu l b u ild in g site. 
SI OOO A cre 534 6711_______________ 
• 7 A CRES SOUTH • w Uh nice br lek hom e N eur 1518 and 
IH 1/ 
P L A T T R E A L E S T A T E 735 4768 

C E N T U R Y O L D . (ink a n d c e d a r lin e s e n c h a in e th e n a tu r a l s tir ro u n d in g s ut the VV iii re-, o l la nd now a v a il , n isi ll) n il. west ol A n ti trei iv G el a lu m p nit next to ll's deer h un ting try pure h osing Oils nm tin ily fenced a cre ag e E le c tric ity crosses un- property making building no p ro b le m 
L o c a te d on a ll w e a th e r g ra v e l M I S harp Rd ( u lt now tor a p ili fur ii p riv a te show ing 
B U IL D A H O M E yon h ic . a lw a ys w anted ort these 11 i i i i es ot wouded lu ll m in i b y o ft H w y 
IU6. a p p ro x 
IG n il b o m S A 
Im a g in e y o u r hom e s iftin g a tap the deep a rro y o on the p ro p e rty , g iv in g you a spec leu a la r v ie w u t the s u rro u n d in g c o u n try side C oll now and m a ke un a fte r 
You m ig h t be b u ild in g sooner thou you think. 
IOO YR O LO FA R M H O U S E on SH a cre s near New B ra u n te ls House is oil a kn oll w ith e x c e lle n t v ie w in ult d ire c tio n s L a rg e slock tank a na I barns a r c some of th e im p ro ve m e n ls P ric e d at only $79,ooo 
B R A U N T E X R E A L T Y INC 
N I W B R A U N F E L S 
1 625 8554 
Son A nto nio d ire c t lin e 658 8o74 

23 ACRES H ILL COUNTRY 
G ood h u n tin g c o u n try , $!>/o dow n p a y m e n t, SBB /9 p e r m o n th . F in a n te d bv o w ner Coll 734 7964 
CANYON LAKE 
5 ACRE TRACTS lake facilities and boat romps neor by. Panoramic views, many larqe oak trees. $18oo per age ond up Sell 3o% below market value. Up to IS years to pay at 
8% . 
F o r a p p o in t m e n t C a ll 
4 9 7 -3 5 7 1 
1 -8 9 9 -2 1 8 1 

H IG H L A N D S H A N D S O M E i t b ric k 3 ? I w ith c e n tra l heat- ca 'P e t stove, re frig e ra to r OO und tuts ut e x tra s M id 2o s C all 
4o ACRES HILL COUNTY 
M a n y d e e r, t u r k e y , $99o d o w n p a y m e n t, $154 43 p e r m o O w n e r 
(m um cd Call / 14 936 I______________ 

N E W S O U T H S AN W E S T H IG H 
SC H O O L lu s t d o w n th e s t r e it . j b ed ro om b e a u ty ! O nly SISO dow n, 
51 iv m onth No c re d it needed 
922 17o6 
P AT M C V E Y 
674 2523 
No D ow n. No C lo s in g , la rg e be­ d ro o m s 
7 b o th hom e w ith double g ara g e ca rp e t c e n tra l a ir, appliances 
B R IG H A M R E A L T Y 673 14o1 
P A T T O N H E IG H T S 
No dow n p a y m e n t to a nyo ne 
: be dro om s 7 baths, O nly $18,5oo O nly 
8/oo closing. C all 349 6531 
SAN A N T O N IO R E A L E S TA TE 

P R IC E R E D U C E D TO $17,ooo 
H igh lurid park 
S pacious 4 2-2 w ith ttjm ily ro o m fire p la c e a nd m a n y e x tra * on la rg e c o rrn e r lot Needs re p a ir* 
H IG H L A N D P A R K 
P re tty i b e d ro o m w ith fo rm a ' iv mg d ining , den fire p la c e a nd 14oo a ft ut h y ln a a re a O nly $18,ooo 
T et m s or tra d e Cull 
532 3254 
N ile s 337-4823 

9 ACRES W ATERFRONT 
O n s p r in g te d la k e , 5855 d o * p a y m e n t, 5131 37 p e r m o. O w n bncincerl Cull 7 >1 9598___________ 
Iii B exor C ounty, tro u ts H ig h w a y 16, about 4 m ile s (ro m New San A ntonio 
Ranch Town. $165o per a cre , good ter ms 
E D W A R D S RANCH R E A L T Y 
495 848o 
1 5J5 4555 
1 535 4594 
1o2 ACRES 9 m iles out of B a n d era 
A c ie s s ib le b u t secluded In on or chi of la rg e ranches 56oo per a cre 
P IP E C R E E K R E A L T Y 
695 324? 
T /sO A cres 4 i m iles out iii U va ld e 
I m iles riv e rfro n t 
Bv ow ner 
517 278 5466 
TTaT fesT IedT T rih e rn ia . M ontage on 
H w y 87 
$9oo per a c re 
924 81 16, 
137 492/ 
H Y A T T REAL E S TA TE 
4148-4 a c re s n e u r L a r d o 
G a s pro du ction , uood im p ro v e m e n t, im pro ved p a s tu ra g e , e x c e lle n t c a ttle o p e ra tio n , n u m e ro u s ta n k s , good well $384 p er a c re . B ill G o o d w in , 
826 3715 L e n tto td R ealty 714 67V, e T R b T T near NI io n i u m s la rg e 
I a n i h w ith g re a t h u n tin g , o o o d m in e ra l a re a, good ro a d b o u l cmd trees ('ric e only $45o per ac re w ith 
/5 down, hat in IO y e a rs at H 
C a ll 
W O L F 
R E A L 
E S T A T E 
I 564 2651 or I 564 14S2.__________ 

F R F F R I N I IO MARC M 15 » 
21oo sa ft w ith a ir c o n d . o ffic e 
17o26 C o lw lr k , B e a c o n C irc le In d a s tria l 
P a rk 
C ull 
Jo5 45J 122o. collect 

 w ith > b edroom hom e, 5 
I of S om erset on FM 1518 
A R T H U R 
V E L T M A N N 

D iscount on 3 cu sto m hom es, load ed. D eveloper m u st deplete this in ve n to ry before s ta rtin g new m odels 
F e b u o ry t. Save o ver $5o m o n th on ta x e s 
N e w la k e , b e a u tifu l H ill 
C ountry. B oerne a re a C ibolo O aks 
Sub d iv is io n 
J u s t o ft IH IO. C a ll collect 249 2764. 249 2J82 or rates SA 
735 3634_____________________________ 

3 7 A C R E S , w ith fro n ta g e on San 
A n to n io R iv e r, ju s t south o f Loo p 
41o, fro n ta g e on V illc m m Rd 5 My mg units. T e rm s, o w ner fin an ced 
HU G H E S ft BRISCOE 
974 4331 
R E A L T O R S 
I 463 5597 
Century 21 

Historic Kino Wm. Areo 
The dow ntow n re s id e n t c o m m u n ity 
Smqle and M u lti F a m ily 
R E S TO R A TIO N S Inc R e a lto rs 
______________ 224-4475______________ 

H IM 
LOT • A ll U tilitie s nea r lake boot ra m p 
$11oo or $too dow n, $15 59 m onth fo r 84 m onths. 8 * in te re st 
LOT 
L a rg e l ake and sw im m in g pool arid boat ra m p neo r by. tre es 
816oo easy term s 
LOT - H igh on a h ill b e a u tifu l view 
Large site lake neor by 
514oo or 
51oo down. 518 38 fo r 96 m onths 8 interest 
LOT • W a te rfro n t neur sw im m in g pool and boat ru m p . B e u u fitu l easy term s. 
CAPT. E. JONES 
_________ 923-6211__________ 
B E A U T IF U L M E D IN A R IV E R 
FR O N T lots 
Low . low down 
F o r detoils. 
684-4211 o r 741 9943 
P IO N E E R R E A L T Y ________ 

)n this > c l, hom e w ith c e n tra ! a ir m d h eat s e p a ra te fa m ily ro o m * auge d ishw asher and side bv side e ftig t*ro to r. V acant, quick posses ion Assum e / . 
$21o m o n th wtft tJMlQ equity 
675 285o 

A sp ecta cula r view , o b s tru c te d only bv la rg e oat*s. G arde n soil* fenced, good w ell, o ver / a c re s O w ner w ill fin an ce 
R obert S m ith, 698 7o9! or 
IV4 6/77_________ __________________ 

•m IN W ILLO W O O D • • • m y d o w n to an y o n e ’ 4 be ns 
2 b ath c o n tro l an neat 
A s ta g g e r in g v ie w f o r m ile s , covered w ith oaks, $94oo, 698 2o93, 
494 6/77 
M O U N T A IN T O P HW 
51 A c re s nea r L eon S p rin g s , w ill su b d iv id e a n d s e ll IS a c re s , 7o a c re s , JI a c re s or a ll O w n e r tin once Cecil O rric k 
735 8ooo Don S m ith B ro k e r 477 8oo4 

MAC R E A L E S T A T E 878 7521 

9?) 19o4 A rtm ie q o R e olty 923 57o6 
I OOP 41o AT BAN U E H A R O A D 
W A R ! HO USES OF F ICE $ STOM I 
1/44 C O LO N Y D R IV E R I tA IL 
O W N ) R D M 2J24 D I? / I l l 
S m all tw o bed ro om 8ox16o Lot Go ra g e , lu r p o r t, s to ra g e b u ild in g 
G ood B uy a t S it,(HIU C all A lic e a t 

42o TOTAL TO M O VE IN 
Cleon , bedroom s, I . baths. H u rry * 
496 742o W A Y N E S LA T E R 674 6126 
V A L L E Y H I 
I b e d ro o m , I b u ffi, a e ru g o c o n v e rte d to den w ith w et bar ond fire p la c e P ric e re d uce d tu 

349 4 34 3 349 S ill A n y tim e 

B ea u tifu l H ill C o u n try b u ild in g site, p aved ro a ds a nd w o te r system iii th is e x c lu s iv e a re o C a ll 497 3752, 
824 2o13 ra tes_______________________ 

O ut MI N orth, near B ulverde C b u ild in g site. w a te r, ole, Ii Ic By p a ve d toa d s 
C oll 
497 375/ 

IS A C R E S 
I m ile s o u t o f C ity 
L im it s on 181 S o u th 
U t ili t i e s a v a ila b le We fin an ce E asy te rm s 
924 4666. 471 19)7 4o a tle r 6 , 

C M W A H L R E A L T Y 
Good selection F a rm s R anches 
1 )79 5493 1 379 5/1o 
Seguin. T 
C H W A H L RL A L T Y 
Good selection F a u n s R anches 
I 17V 569) 1 )79 571o 
Seguin f 

5o A C R F S N e a r P le a s a n to n on paved ro o d Good ow ner lin u m m g. 
$6/5 ( a ll T E X M AC R E A L T Y , San 
Antonio 224 OOH, rates I 549 3759 
7756 a cre s near S tonew all 
Pa f ly g ra ss a nd o aks 
2 w e lls . I ta n k s , good fe n c e s O w n e r fin a n i e 
B ill 
G oodwin, 876 J/15, L rn n a rd R e a lly , 
734 6756 
5 ACRE S N E A R S E G U IN , s u m " 
Sm all down, lo g ter in lin u m mg. by ow ner 534 #8 7f 
)9 ACRE $ on waved road w ith deep irrig a tio n w ell ond la nk 
Ide a l fo r fis h o r v e g e ta b le f a r m in g 
A ls u d om estic w ell o nd d a ir y b o rn 
SO 
M iles to San A ntonio. G ood o w ner tm uncina Call T E X M AC R E A L T Y . 
San A ntonio, 224 oo81, rates 43) 28o1 
I 148 ACRES paved ro o d betw een 
F lo re sville and Son A ntono $55o per acre C all T E X MAC R E A L T Y . Son 
A ntonio 224 oo81, rales 63) 28o1 

■ olde r burnt clean, c u m to rtu 
Jooble g a ra g e , fenced, pecan 
519.ooo V?I 81 16, 337 4V?7 
HYATT REAL ESTATE 

DON 
SM I I H 
CO 
458 1 191. 
N ill 
I 475 8)71 
5 Beoutitul hiqh I acre hom e site-, nea r Leon V a lle y , th is la nd w o rth m in im u m 174 OOO w ill s a c rific e tor m u ch less M a ke o ile r 7 irs SO 37 
B E A U T IF U L R iv e r fr o n t 2 a c re s w ith nice 7 bed ro om , 2 b ath hom e 
Century 21 
C A N YO N LA K E 
M O B IL E LOT 
1o,ooo sa. ft fa n ta s tic v ie w P ool. b o a t r a m p n e a r b y 
$14oo. HOO down, 78 m onths ot $21 43 A PR 8 
M E L M IL L E R _______ 2262324 
CANYON LAKE — BY OWNER 
5 o cre s on paved road o v e rlo o k in g la k e , n e a r b o a t la u n c h . L o ts of fre e s , w a te r a n d e le c tr ic ity , w ill d iv id e and fin an ce 
494 7727, 
341 2*83___________________________ _ 

HW I ’M IM I S H O PP IN G I I N I I HS 
West H ild e b ia n d 
V ance Jackson 
R easonably P itie d ! 
___735 o941 or 694 7777 
G illie W arehouse, a ll a r h a lt, 4ooo 

I and 7 u c re (ro d s , b e a u tifu l oaks, h w y fr o n ta g e . 15o d o w n , s m o ll m o n th ly. 
B ill 
H a rp e r 
4o4 7412, 
344 2514 
NEEO UNIQUE TAX SHELTER? 
728 A c re s n e a r L a k e C a la v e ra s 
$95o p er a cre O w ner fin an ce R eply a t I xp re ss N ew s. Box No 
193o o r i all 714 369 5784, 214 826 .’85o 

 n 6 n i x f A ^ f e s ' ? a cres w dh se eluded 4 bedroom hom e N E I S D. 
P ric e d rg td w ith e x c e lle n t fin o n c mg 349 4276, 347 5o18 

 d d itiu n . lo v e ly 2 b d r m y room , d in in g a re a. 
A ow ner 
$14 5oo 
R H RAN5QM R E A LT Y 473 77o1 
7119 W E IT L VN. I bed ro om s. Iivm o nd d in in g , c e n tra l h e a t a ir 
$8o le a l* B ra n d b e d ro o m s ? m itr a l h e a t 
PIPE CREEK R E ALTY 
495 3242 
V e r y g o o d ra n c h la n d toe 
15o m other la w s 7 large- tem et) fields. 
8 w ell and H ondo C leek 
I cr e lle n ! h u n tin g M/8 5 6 /1 
Str a u d e r N e ls o n . R e a l E s ta te 
D E V IN E A R E A , b e a u tifu l b ric k rat 
2 5 acres, J b e d ro om , 2 b ath , double c a i b o rt, 18x77 Hying u re a w ith Ben 
F ra n k lin fire p la c e , la rg e w o rksh op , good well, ond paved ro a ds 
H UG HES ft BRISCOE 
V24 4331 
R E A LT O R S 
I 661 5597 
E D W A R D S R A N Z )) R E A L T Y 
B uy yo ur la nd fro m the n a tive s 
P IP E C R E E K , TX 695 848o 
F o rm and R anch lis tin g s W anted 
5o Ai res or la rg e r w ith in 65 m ile s of 
San A ntonio W rite fu ll d e ta ils and 

533 1oo9 
R espondek R lty 
656 5667 
18 A C R E S 
R a ilr o a d fr o n t a g e 
Close in, I nu n ut e l C ity lim it s 
W ill sell a ll a i p a rt No re s tric tio n s 
Good lo cutio n IH 37 So ond Donop 
R d 
W ill lin u n c e , e a s y t e r m s 
924 6664, 433 1932 

3 B E D R O O M ROCK HOM E 
• • • • I $33 W 
G e ra ld , D u p le x , om e r 
N o thin g dow n V A 
W ill go 
FH A H a blam os F sp on o l 
923 19o4 A rtinieqo Realty 923 52o6 
WHY RENT WHEN YOU CAN BUY g b e a u tifu l i o r J b e d ro o m hom e w ith a tta c h e d g a ra g e , so m e w ith appliances No down to anyone 
HUGHES ft BRISCOE 
924 4331 
REALTORS 
333 9351 

BLANCO TEXAS 
Love ly 2-2-2. custom b u ilt home, cocy fam ily room with tirelace on oak covered lot A must to see 
OFF PEAR SALL ROAD 
14 3o acres, slock tank plus 5 be­ droom. 2 bath, central air and heat, also sm all second house w ith one bedroom , bath and liv in g room 
Completely fenced All this to r only 
865,8oo 

*33-31o2 
R e a lto r la rg e olden ndition, i bed, s i/u k l i t hen 
N o rth v ille , ? m iles n o rth of Loop 41o, clo se to a irp o r t, u n its w ith . 1188, 
156o. I o8o SU ft 
ASTRO INVESTM ENTS 
• • • 144 838NXXX 

7 4 4 acres. I l l South 
A tt r a c t iv e to k e v ie w h o m e w ith b ea utifu l vie w 2 la rg e b ed ro om s, J oaths, beam ed c e ilin g and fire p la c e in fa m ily room L iv in g d in in g r-o m co m b ina tio n $54,9oo N iles. 696 o866 
346 3878 
DON JOHNSON. REALTORS 

 eek. Jim A shley R ealty 
S32 3)o7 
R e a lto r 
648 33o7 
Office Warehouse 
And Yard Space 
Century 21 m uch gam e, $65oo. u n u s u a lly good term s 
EDWARDS RANCH REALTY 
695 8488 
1 5154555 
1 131-4596 
192 ACRES PO tY e 'T. 
I. - ' hom e, ta r rn e q u ip ., g o o d p e a n u t incom e, good h u n tin g O w n e r tin anend SIMMONS REAL ESTATE. 
Poteet, t 242 3168, 342 6*53_________ 

 t i u t 5 to lense w ith n il" fro n t on C ib o lo f re e k 
N o rth e a s t 
B exar Co. on TM 186J 1o.ooo sa tf 

D e v in e , T e x a s 

E D G O Z A . R E A L T O R 
Coriyon Springs Resort, 2 lots for sale 16853123. 
------------ U k K tv iE W HOME------------- 
N ear Canyon Lake D a m A p p ro x 32 tm f r o rn S A 
N e w , 21o ) sa 
I t ., s p lit le v e l 7 b e d ro o m , 7 ’ i b a th s . la rg e d in in g room , in sulate d g loss, h e a t p u m p 
F o r s o le b y O w n e r 
A gent at $65,ooo. I 964 3328 eves and weekends__________________________ 

P ic k u p p aym en ts on 6 A cre s $5/ o8 m o S w im m in g , h u n tin g , v ie w fo r m ile s Jim A shley R ealty 276 7774 

JI AC, Lots at GAME, N tit Boerne-, gaud buy a t o nly $7oo a a c re 
732 66o7 H Castle Reolty <97 9414 
ACREAGE HOME SITES 
MW of San A nto nio bl B e x a r Com al, 
K endall Co s I 18 a c re s or M a re 

*33-31o7 
R e a lto r 
F R IO C O U N T Y f a r m 
H u h b tu 
N ew fan tastic sp lit le vel Ut b e a u tifu l 
H ill C o un try 3 7 plus, loaded Save a p p l ox $6o a m o n th in ta x e s Wu te rtro n t, live o u ts g o lo rv 
In te re s t 
PU , B lent due F c-O I D csp or ult- tor c o n tra c t 
W ill d is c o u n t to r g u n k g ie a r la k e tra d e 
C o ll c o lle c t 

 on th is b e a u tifu l woaded a c re o u t 
IS I N o rth , on G u a d a lu p e R iv e r , 
Benny 
M u fti n e t, 
49/ 3753 or 
8/4 o85o____________________________ 
ACRE* 

*3 3 31o7 
R e a lto r 
*4 8 33o7 

7 GOOD O N E S H I R L I 
3 A cre s ta r $23oo 
5 aces to r $45oo 
T t i m s to S u it 
L a k e s r a f t R e a l 
E state, 347 1661 
R I V E R I N E U d R E S is m in u te s tra m San A n to n ia A lt u tilitie s on paved road oood trees fis h in g c a n o e in g 
$57oo to $65oo. G o o d te rm s Coll Steve H a n /e l. 494 5237 or 828 1o92__________________________ 

UPPER LAKE PLACID 
SEGUIN 
MCQUEENY AREA 
IJS Ft Beautiful W aterfront 
B ig F a m ily h om e o n d 
Of h o m e a nd in c o m e H ig h lo c a tio n , m o n y e x tro s P riv a te a re a Low $4o S 
7J4 b o ti, 494 o4J7, 699-8*1 J 
BEULAH MAE K E LLE R . Rennet 

 ta i a nd k lin e g ra s good fa rm la n d . 
25o A C R E *. 41) in i cu ltiv a tio n , good UU 
IO* A C R E S som e c u ltiv a tio n , som e 
House and w a ter w 
144 A CRES w aler 

NICE 3 BEDROOM P 

 i per m u W ill tra d e 
BOB D cP A O LO 
H u n tin g C o u n t r y IOO A C R E * 
M A D E FO R H O R S E L O V E R S b e d ro o m s fire p la c e la rg e p u t ne w b urn w ith ‘dobies m ony tree a r w» wooded h o m e s ite 
I ’ f o rth at 16o4 L ots OF (urge Ire d tid ie s low taxe s. T E R M S ny lur 
IVI 5237 or id? 858? 
I 7oo Sg It o ffic e and W a rehouse 
11927 R a dium . 5 )/5 m o 224 5191___ 
PEBBLE BEACH SI69b 
5 ACRE TR A C T o n d lith e r trees. 
A d le r system I , 

K A R N E S C O U N TY 
M e d in a L ake , w in te r s p e cia l, cen tro t w aler elec p riv a te p a rk s and launches, 
$18 m o 
B ill 
Essex 
341 5941 
R E T IR E M E N T h 6 m ! on" A la m o 
Beach. J tie droo m s, 2 baths, d in in g ro o rn, liv in g ro o m , fa m ily ro o m . 
? a ir ie r OO rn . k it c h e n 
C a r p e te d th ro u g h o u t, c e n t r a l u ir - h e a t , paneled By ow ner. I 535 4121 

I ACRE WH $4,495 
Irs t i T (. A 
A A xx x-4 i c, rt I , i ■ 
J 
Dick Young Real Estate 
K a rn e s C ity, T e xos 
O w ner m ust sell this b e a u tifu l a c re 
N -.iiii ut fown Loads ol Oak Trees, has w a te r a n d e le c tr ic ity 
M a k e o tte r, m ust sell b efo re Jan, 2o. C olt 
497 3751 evenings 872 9355 is i s i a n d s m m i c r 
— 
IU down, o w ner c a rry , b e a u tifu l trees, level 
W ATSON A SON R E A LT O R S 
_________________ 
628-1142 

9764575 
H A S K IN S R E A L T Y 
T ir'-ci ut S m all room s, then see this tarot- 3 t hom e on I a c re 
SAN TER CO 
R E A LT O R S 653 o46o 
Et Sam Houston Area 
W e stern G oo d oiu p e w ater line, W ill go T on m a rk e t. 
P riv a te s to c k e d la k e , e l e c t r i f y , h orses OK 
15 m in n o rth ut W on d e rlg n d . no m o b ile s , S22 m o B d l t ssex 341 5 
9 
4 
1 
_________ 

B Y O W N E R H ill C o u n try L iv in 
W ind w ood E s ta te s , B o e rn e a re t 
SIVER RUBIA! 
AAAA BARGAIN BUY i bedroom -., 
2 baths, no c ity tuxes 
N o rthside land locators ot Texas i ,« u voilublc I 
Ask lot I d 
SUNCO 
R E A LT Y (512) 44) 3971. P o rtla n d 
Tx_________________________________ 
M ILES OF GUADALUPE RIVER 
Fish or sw im east of Seguin, Scenic tre e shaded, sloping w a te rfro n t lot, n ic e m o d e rn I b e fo a m , I * * b o th h o m e . s c re e n e d p o r c h , fire p la c e 
MORE 
A ll tor 5?) SOO 
CARLOS BRAWNER R E ALTY 
379 5*47 
SEGUIN. TEX 
SEI C 
Kingsbury 
P O Box I t l l 

C O U N T R Y L IV IN G . 2o a c re s riga teU la nd w ith nice ra ck bom i la rg e sw im m in g pool, 6 m iles h o i c ity lim its , tor sale by ow ne 
SEE THESE HOMES 
ID E A L D A Y CARE IO C AT ION 
«o,ooo o t f e w of p l ftq h um T H yon d fis h in g ra n c h L a k e A n tis ta t! Va 
Verde Co. 
U va ld e A re a. 6oo ac re-. 
12oo A cre s, und 4.ooo a c re s George 
G ra v e s R e a lto r, U v a ld e T e x a s 
788o1. 778 9462 

A A A ID E A L A AA 
A ssum e p a y m e n ts o t 1175, 3-1 cp, e q u ity S3Ooo B a la n ic 8)3,ooo A p a ttu n e es, u l t , c a r p e t 
675 1691 

Lot ut- wooded site Jct Full C o u n try 
N o rth 
$196 d o w n , o n d a s s u m e p a y m e n ts ot $42 11 a l 8 G 
S w im , bsh, ta m p , on G u a d a lu p e R iv e ' 
B e o u titu l H o m e s ite 
Tom T a y lo r, 
494 5237 or 347 >583 
17 A cres a l 16i>5 a c re a tt 28Ii W retly oaks, e xcellen t h u n tin g J im A shley 
Real Estelle IM I 42/6 l l v A C R E * B a n d e ra H w y b e a u - titu i m o u nta in view . deer S85oa c re 
43/ 4681 
H acres comm or restd, 4 m l N 
16o1 on TMI. Sip OOO o5l 629o 
S acres 87 C, highw a y fro n ta g e 
$12,5oo, 649 ITO* 

18 Acres E of B lo nco sm a ll house, good to o soil. nice tre e s Jim A s h ley Real Estate 6*4 4276 

U n d e r c o n s trc c tin o n n o w . fro m 
55o OO O , in S A s. m o s t r a p id ly d e v e lo p in g N W a re a 
L a n d ta r c u s to m b u ild in g , o r to h o ld tra m 
55.5oo I a c re o r la rg e r O utside c ity on 16U4 H B G INC 47* /IS * 
------------------- f f l T I iT m -------------------- 
5 R oom house on '* a c re , fe n ce d . n ic e tre e s , s e llin g to s e ttle iu d g em ent 
H O ,9oo 
G ua ra n te e d title 
6/6 7174 

T o k e u p p a y m e n ts en a c r e 
N o r th w e s t to r h u m * b u ild in g 
Water, city utilities 
M r 
F e tte r, 
67* 7229 t m i v k T t Mick your owe U h * new A t Vet a e e ra is e l IT a c re s end up Blance Area Jim A shley Realty 
226777* 

 c o u n t r y l i v i n g * 
4 3 7 den, huge fire p la c e , ant ars old On 5 tre e studded u c r ack lo p ro a d on J sid e s 
Fen ass lensed 14* 45o). 494 2o4o 

POINTER REAL ESTATE 
ALL" BR IC S r la rg e 3 b e d ro o m . 2 b u lh d o u b le fin is h e d g a ra g e , to r m u) liv in g a nd d in in g u re as, fa m ily room wrth fire p la c e , c e n tra l a ir and heat 
16 x 17' co vered p o lio , hobby ro o m n e w c a rp e t 
O pe n T e rm s ij/,9 5 o 6 /5 7157 

Why leave your old un needed stuff under cover? 
We can turn them into cash!" 

43 57 A cres, lu st 14 m r 5 ut 4)o, 4 i, den w ith fire p la c e , 2 w e lls , sw im m ing, h u n tin g , fis h in g E acy lin u m mg JE R R V BACO N R E A LT O R 
422 3)21. 422 27)5, 422 3295 

ATASCOSA COUNTY, 8oo a c re s ut b ig trees, p ro d u c tiv e sa il a n d excel lent h u n tin g 45 m ile s fro m Son An to n io S45o p e r a c re . p a y in te re s t only 4 y e a rs E x c e lle n t te rm s Ask 
•o r E d . SUNCO R E A L T Y ( S t ! ) 
644-3921 P o rtlan d Tx 

Century 21 
Martha Worley Realtors 
SIOQ DOWN?? 
445 a c re s betw een 
B andera 
E d w a rd m in e ra ls , e x c e lh hun ting , $55o an dc 

INCOME HOME 
Im possible, you -,oy 
We ll do it for a lim ited tim e* H ill C o u n try H om e s ite s or w e e k end v o c a tio n s ite 
Tennis, riv e r lakes, c re e k s p a rk fa c ilitie s , fish in g , c a n o e in g R u n lu ng 
W ild 
L A K E C R O F T 
INC 
142 18o8 

AM ERICANA 
* 
HOO d o w n . p a y m e n ts Si 7o i c e d room s. no p a ym e n ts u n til M a rc h 
6 / i - 1691, 6/4 1 ///, 673 5/7o 
POINTER REAL ESTATE 

M AC REAL E STATE 878 2521 
7 LOTS 
OUT Austin Hwy. near 16*4 
AFTER A *862244 

24 ■ SO BU ILDING . < leu! tor anti 
Lind locators ut Texas 

1868o484 

San Antonio EXPRESS-NEW 5- 

242 INDUSTBIAl PROPERTY m m 

IN D U S T R IA L LOTS ' j A c re and up. 
Zoned I I ; fu lly d e v e lo p e d . V .l P 
P a r . Easy te rm ,. 4J3 1489 

244 WDflSTfim PROPERTY 

HOO to .It. w a re h o u s e , d o w n to w n lo ca tio n , a lso o ffic e s e rv ic e ce nte r sooce, n o rth sid e , any s ite , R ic h a rd 
H a rris o n H e n ry S. M ille r Co. R e a l­ tors, 82* 3251 

248 OFFICE SPACE WH LEASE 

A U D IT O R IU M 
A ir c o n d itio n e d f o r w e d d in g s , receptions, dances, etc. Holds up lo 
45o p eo ple. G re a te r S A 
B u ild e r 
Assot 
8925 N W IH IO 596 38oo 

• ALAMO H6TS • 
2 lo ra n room s, 55o sa ft., o nly 36c per s a lt 
F re e p a rk in g etc. C a ll 
P l 
S tew art, 
828 1221 
514o 
B roodw ay 
Choice office w ith am p le fre e p ork m g, 48oo B roadw ay 828-2o2o 
F u rn ishe d office, lo rg e, plush. 
A vailab le fu ll or p o rt tim e 
Ideal fo r m o o nligh ters 
NE Loop 41o. 828-5227 
I u rn is h e d ISO sa ft o ffic e space near a irp o rt, otf N o rth San P edro, r e c e p tio n is t a n s w e rin g s e rv ic e a v a ila b le re a s o n a b le ro te s , 2 of flees a va ila b le 349 1426 
O ffice or business for lease 3oo sq. ti fo r o ffic e or b u s in e s s In S trip 
C enter 
5 b lo c k s S outh of C e n tra l 
P ark 
736 4461 Or 733 8861 
P rim e o ffic e space on new n o rth expressw ay nea r a irp o rt Reasona hie rates, co vered pkg, a ll convert lences 344-3456 w eekdays_________ 

2S2 SEU OR EXCHANGE 

H A V E CASH B U Y E R S fo r o ld e r h o m e s , a p ts , n e e d in g re p a irs John B E ccell B ro k e r. 6o8 

254 REAL ESTATE WANTED 

FR O M O W NER I bed ro om , 2 bath, den near Lee Hi School W ill pay cash L o rg e e qu ity OK It you re a lly w ant to sell, ca ll 732 8o18 
W A N T TO L E A S E 15o 2oo A cres for 

256 REAL ESTATE LOAMS 

M A K E R C. LO ANS 8% • lr st liens 
W ell secured M ax 8 y rs B uy notes less than 8 - w ith discount 
^ ^ ^ ^ o d jd £ o e iJ B r o k e r jl2 ^ 9 8 o 

3o1 MOBILE HOMES SALE 

 t4*64. 2 B edroom , I'? bath, p o rtly fu rn is h e d , a d u lt se ction C o nside r trow el tra ile r 337 4195 

3o2 MOBILE HOMES RENT 

R E N T A L S 

• S a tu rd a y J a n u a r y 1 5 1 9 7 7 

T oT apartments-onrirn 

- • f f f w r n m 

 tenting Dotty 9 4 , W wkiy 14 
1 Bedroom $145 
2 Bedroom $21o 

FURN.-UNFURN. 
Ill Utilities Putti Into* playgrounds 
Basketball 
Cool. 
Shuttle beaut, lighted tennis loud, ] 'arar swim mmq pools 
Hem Bonks I f 8 
Stale Hospiiol, Pecan Volley boll 
Louise 
TV uly t h * b ose re ft Pol volsee in to w n . 
271S loss** 
3U-S339 

• LINDA APTS. • 

233 HOWARD 

I bib 
M etropolitan 
Has pital, M edical Professional 
Bldg , Baptist Hospital and 
M ain 
Bank, efficiency 
) ond 2 bedroom apts Start ing at S i 75 
Adults 
No pets. 

2 2 6 - 8 4 9 2 

5133 fu r n is h e d t B e d ro o m A p ts , 
A ir, C a ll A ny D a y or E v e s 
7:3o 
A M 
9 P JA 333 1851 
_____ 
116 G ould, 7 room s tu rn , bdls paid, sm a ll deposit 736 4o78 
K eldL ac 87o7 L anding, c e n tra l a ir, 
3? 
52oo b ills paid 
674 6887, 
'J l l 4113 
K e lly V iew Apts L a rg e 2 bedroom a pl $135 N ear K o ily , Lac k land, and 
S ecurity 674 6649 
L a ke w o o d 17o6 ( In c ln n a ti. K A L B 
L H B 
82o7 L a n d in g 
I 7 I be droom s. a ir. b ills paid 
4175 
341 4113 
L a rq e 7 bedroom , a ll b ills paid, SAC a rea 735 2446 
____ 
L A R G E 
3 b e d ro o m , no p e ts 
D E W B Y $155 737 7738, 732 1o82 

2 BEDROOM FURN. 
M OBILE HOMES 
A ir ro n d itio n e r, w a te r pm d , p la y g ro un d, c e n tra lly located lo LAC K 
L A N D a n d 
K E L L Y 
C o n ta c t 
924 8759; 924 48o1 
I B e d ro o m T ra ile r h om e, u rifu rn n ea r U T s A and U 5 A A a nd h osp l to ts 
$15o m o 
C o ll a tte r 7pm on w eekdays, o il dew Sun 698 2534 
17*6o, 2 B d rm , p a rtia lly fu rn is h e d 
Sl$o m o 435 194o o tf 7_____________ ll« 7 o . . B edroom , 2 both F utly fu r ru sh ed w a te r in c lu d e d 
H e lo te s , 
MTSC. USA A ac co 681 7o7 3________ 

481 APARTMENTS FURN 

FURNISHED 
APARTMENTS 

 n o 
* 

* 4 
6 
. Weekly 

* 1 5 2 e Monthly 

N O LEASE 

TENNIS COURT 
ADULT LIVING— NO PfJS 

 warren house 

3 2 2 2 H W . l o o p 4 1 o 
••pf irrt«r$4i<tion o f DRw hunt 
•n«H cm**** road 4 1 o " 
342-4o29 

O '* A H * (T T M I N T * V * 1 * 

• Hued Dunk dub 
IOC lilt ICS e Gy"» god lr * * litre is* dosses 

• Scouty Shop 
• Sauna Rhiitpoot 
• tennis Courts ) pools 
• dost t i* * r\Mng*rotOM 

• IO Minutes to 
Downtown 

4o32 E. Sowthcross 

3 3 7 - 5 2 4 2 

LIV E B E T T E R FOR LE S S 1 
G R O U N D L E V E L D U P L E X E S 
FU R N OR U N F U R N 
E X C E L L E N T M A IN T E N A N C E 
H IG H L A N D H IL L S APTS 
2931 E 
SOUTHCROSS 
534 88o8 

M E TR O HOUSE DO W N TO W N 
M O D E R N E F F IC IE N C Y F U R N 
$12o lo $1 35 21 3 4TH ST 226 7333 
M O R R IS DO W N TO W N APTS 
A P re stige A d d re s s " 
I tlic ie n c v o n d I b d r m , c e n tr a heal ob 
178 
E 
M a in 
P laza 
227 288o 
M O TE L E ffic ie n c y A p a rtm e n ts and 
R oom s 
B y D a y , W eek o r M o n th 
D I 2 v t I? . P L 4 6767. L I 2 OI 52 
CA7 17o2, Neoc Ft Sam TA2 U77 

Near Brackenridge Park 
I urn ishe d e ffic ie n c y opt B ills paid 
715 4768 
N E A R FT SAM nice I bedroom , o lr, ca rp e t, w a te r gas od $115 874 8369___________ 
Near L ive Oak, pd 657 3o33 fu rn is h e d a p l B ill 

N e a r SAC , D o w n to w n , 3 ro o m s hath, b ills pd A du lts $8o 494 2764 
N e a r St 
M a r y s. 3 ro o m g u e s t h o u s e , c a rp e te d , c o u p le o r ba chelor, $16$ B ills pd 433 7877 
N E A R T R IN IT Y U 
Spat iou , liv in g d in in g , I b ed ro om tile b a th . c h a r m in g ro c k a p t, pets $15o m o $5o Pep 732 9271 
N ic e la rq e 2 ro o m o p t a nd b a th 
P riv a te e ntra n ce P o ckin g B ills pd 
$21.25 Wk 
A ls o co z y I ro o m e t f ic ie n c y . $17 wk 
A c ro s s fr o m 
H a nd y A nd y a n d Y M C A , 2o7 Le m gton, 226 686o_____ 
N icely fu rn ish e d , couple ca rp e te d a ir, no c h ild re n pets 733 158o 
NO L E A S E R E Q U IR E D 
N ear m sum a nd d ow n tow n t i m 
A p ts 
B ills P a id 
$89 p e r m o 
277 17o2 1954 E H ouston 
N o rth C e n tra l L oca tion . E lm ira and 
M c C u llo u g h a n d IH3S 
N e o r bus a d u lts o n ly 
No p ets 
F u rn is h e d bedroom , u p s ta irs . W a ter pd $11$ w ith dep 6 M o Lease 226 $3o1 a tte r 
6 ond w eekends. 696 o73o 

NORTHEAST NO LEASE 
A ttra c tiv e I b e d ro o m d ish w a sh e r shag pool B ills pd $16o a nd up $25 
Dep to M in F t Sam 371o E IS E N 
H A U E R o ff 
H o rry 
W u rib o c h 
822 9195 

N O R T H E A S T 
C O N V E N IE N C E 

I B e d ro o m A p a rtm e n t* 
145 □ *1 6 5 □ * 1 7 o 
U tilitie s Paid 
□ C a rd e n S e ttin p i 
□ P riv a te I ’ atioH 
[J Pools and Party Room 
□ E ffic ie n c ie s , I a n d 2 
B e d ro o m s 
□ D is h w a s h e r, D ra p e s a n d 
T V Antennas 
□ IL alk to Northeast 
School* 
D Close to Fort Sam 
□ 3 M in u te s to IL incisor 
Park Mal) 
□ F u rn itu re 
Av Mila hie 

P o l k 
V illa g e 

A p a r tm e n ts 
W 

4 1o / *A iZIM RD 

A 

# WINDSOR 
PAM MALI 

EISENHAUER 
I * 
♦ 
PARK 
VILLA OI 

4 8 3 o Ray Bon D riv e 

6 5 3 - 7 3 o o 

I m in ute to IH-1o. 
Private adult and family soc ti on. 
6 9 o -1 7 o o 
'9o9 Woodstono Drivt 

Th© 
Courtyard/ 

2 Bdrm. and 
3 Bdrm. Apts. 

Family A Adult Areas All 
Electric Kitchens. Laundry rm» in eech Building. Out aide Storage 
Northside 
School District Buses to All 
Schools 
441 I Gardendale 

 fa s t 696-4892 

 itll 
( S e l e c t o r 

W e ’ll fin d y o u rs, fre e . 

O M N 7 DATS A W W o m e n THROUGHOUT TEXAS 
3121 N.W. LOOP 41o 
349-1737 

D IRIO T C O R H S R O N D W C i TO 
4123 H. CG O RAL IX F W T 
DALLAS, TIX. 782o4 

Q u ie t Hom e 
Style Living 

E ff ic . to 3 b d r m . 
Townhouse with Fire­ p l a c e s . 
12 F l o o r plans Adult & Family 
Areas. 

£ 

6623 Callaghan Rd 

6 9 6 - 3 2 9 o 

GREENBRIER APTS. 
8535 GREENBRIER 
(Just ®H Ii ambury awl Barth loop 41o) 
(Clm# to Gown Ta»yt Kfctq ) 

8 2 8 - 4 2 o o 
• Adults only 

• Home like otmosphere 
• Large I bedroom opts. 
• 2 Bedroom opts. 
• Large spacious rooms 
• Covered parking 

 g Pool • Party House 
• Laundry G Bus Line 
• All utilities paid. 

LA P L A Z A S 

3 4 1 - 4 6 2 1 

• 1-2-3 Bedroom ! 

• Single ond Fondly 
Sections 

• Fireplaces e Tennis 

115 MW LOOP 41o 
Across From 
North Star Mall 

A A A A ID E A 
W hy re n t* P ut re n t m oney in to yo u r own hom e We bove b e a u tifu l 3 be d ro em b o m *! a ll o v e r S A to r $2oo to ta l m ove in P a ym e n ts less than re n t NO C R E D IT * NO P R O B L E M ' 
67$ 1691, 623 $72o, 676 1777 
P O IN T E R R E A L E S TA TE 
A lle n o V illa g e 1 4 ro o m s, stove tu g Singles, Couple S8o 342 5957 re 

I ANO 2 B e d ro o m s , tu rn o nd un t u r n . a ll b ills p d d is h w a s h e r , s e c u rity g u a rd , 
M a rig o ld apts 
333 938o 
A p is for R ent, u n fu rn 
J e ffe rs o n 
A re n 
1911 D o na ld so n 
2 b e d ro o m 
Townhouse, c e n tra l a lf, ra n g e , re frig e ra to r, w a ter pd 
SI85 m o 
44 t n t 

NS e d it lency. b ills paid, SSO m onth no deposit l i t 4o78 
O F F B R O A D W A Y re d e c o ra te d 2 plus $75 u tilitie s 
I , nm i i J 
^ 
P AN A M A P A R T M E N T S 
$6o2 B IE N V IL L E OR a ll W e id ne r rd M o d ern I B ed ro om , 6S3 2663 

ADULTS ONLY 226 3S47 
I b d rm 17o, la rg e ro o m s and high 
< lutings K in g W illia m A re o 
I 
I ond 7 B e d ro o m s , tu rn . u n fu rn b ills pd d is h w a s h e r , s e c u r it y g u a rd M A R IG O L D A pt 333 938o 

APTS. FUR N ISH ED 

$ 1 4 5 . 
»A and E V E ! 
B A N D E R A and E V E R S RD 
H ID D EN MEADOW 
S9S9 WURZBACH 
684-3311 

APTS. FU R N ISH ED 

$ 1 4 o . 
MAN RO 4 
R IT T IM & N RD AT IH3S 
THE FAIRDA LE 
66oo FAIRDA LE 6S6 IOO! 
Astoria 
1o363 S AH AR A 344 6191 
F U R N IS H E D U N F U R N IS H E D 
Sunshine 
342 E S U N S H IN E 734 44)2 
A t 6o7 E L ocu st I b d rm re d e c o ra t 
*d shag S IH 822 o6oo 735 4458 
■AUSTIN HW Y E F F IC IE N C IE S * billy PO $3$ H 7 w k 824 19o8 65$ 2537 
A very nice I b edroom , co nvenient 
"O rth a p te r pp S lip 712 1877 
I B E D R O O M C e tto g e s . a n d e t b o rn e es a ir b ills pd $3$ wk $9$ me up $34 7461 or 434 9 6 4 $ ___ 
I b rd c o o m e ttir te m ^ 
H ig h lo n g 
F u rs A reg. near pus line and store , 
Deposit 'c q u 're d 277 5179. 715 >7o7 

PECAN VALLEY 
GOH Club Apts. 
3 45 o 1 SOUTHCROSS 

3 3 3 9 8 2 o _ _ _ _ 
Q u in ta $731 B lo n c e . to w n h o u s e s apts. I 7 b d rm . 7 b ath see c o m p are ve ry re asonable 341-4111 
R oom m ate A p a rtm e n t M o te t 
We hove s e veral people lo osing for a c o m p a tib le p e rs o n (s a m e se 
U n iv ) 
Colt 
M a tc h m a k e r 
Im 
144 1175 
SAC T R IN IT Y A R E A 
I B lk ! M e tro p o lita n H o spita l ’ j Blk bus. 3 room s, fre sh p ain t, b ills pd 
N o p e ts , c h ild r e n . $12o 
$21 E 
C o urtlan d 4$I 448o 
Sm all opts near tow n and SAC 
$8 p lus deposit 
No c h ild re n or pets 
735 1638 
SO U TH I b e d ro o m , p a n e le d , con ventenl to e v e ry th in g , w a ter clos od 
$115 9?! 7 16/ 

SOUTH CENTRAL 
I B E D R O O M U N F U R N $12$ 
I B E D R O O M F U R N $14o 
7 B ED R O O M . U N F U R N USO 
7 B E D R O O M . F U R N $17o e n tra i heat a ir e .tr a la rg e re,on ear South side G lobe 927 592o 

SOUTHSIDE SINGLES 
$127. MO. TURN 
B ra nd new elegant e fficien ces. pool 
•h a g c a rp e t b ig clo sets, fa n ta s tic kitc h e n 
R o bins N est A p t 
SJI H ot 
W ells B lvd S31 OS I T 
SOUTH 4o1 T E R R E L L , I bedroom 
HOO 62* ITO) 678 I ?T9 

I B E D R O O M , ru e r a re a lu rg , c le a n w ith g o o d f u r n it u r e 
SI 5 m onth bitty p aid 435 2oo9 
I Bedroom , w all to w all ca rp e t up 
^tq n v SUO A lso rttic le n t y IVO UUU. id Ole I 
Q u in ty v?2 7 t jl 
I Blk off B ro a d w a y, near Br a c* en 
I r Ip g r Pk 
I b droo m 19o 534 1832 
Clean la rg e I b e d ro o m , gas w a te i od 
IH A 
494 1441 
416 
E 
Locust o p t 
I. 

Cleon 3 room s, near center no pets no c h ild re n, leo m o 134 7868 _ 
T$34 
C O U N TO U R 
D R - 
N O R TH S ID E 
4 room lo w e r 
I bedroom , o du lt, no 
Rots, b ills paid S lip 824 4I66G 
Q u o in $1oo m o B ills pd W o rkin g couple i ,i ' V22 v s / f t ____________ o r son 

2 1 i & L 

 b ills od Dep pay 

 gen I Ie pace of Hie B ou rd walk 
Spend yo u r a fte rn o o n s c h a t tin g w ith frie n d s d u rin g a gam e of b rid g e C lo s e to W o n d e r lo 
( e n lro l P ark M a li 
C atch a bas to a n y w h e re 
J o in o u r c o m m u n ity w tie re git ages share the good Ute 
3534 w est A venue 149 47o3 
—_ * o f f 7 O illin g w o te r Co 
E X T R A LA R G E I bedroom . I Unfit, la rg e patio, outsid e storag e , fu r lu r * a va ila b le 
THE H E R IT A G E 
I M3 B abcock at NW Loop 411 
M I H H 
________ 
£ * tr a ta rp * I bedroom , o lr. co r poi, aor age $12$ 7)4 225* or 347 13o1 
F E M A L E mg h i w o rk e r has a p l lo snare w ith F E M A L E day w o rk e r or stud e nt who w ill b a b y s it o f m a u t 
TE R M S N E OO TIA E LE 716 o145 
Fem a le w o nte d to share on BPO rf m en! C oli A nn a 777 839$, 461 $163 o tte r I R M ___________________ 

F R E E S E R V IC E 
~ 
APARTMENT FINDERS 

K 
I M 
I 
... 

FRIE SOIIIHSIOf 

LOCATOR SERVICE 
E ffic ie n c e s , 17 a n d J b e d ro o m s , fu rn is h e d or u n fu rn is h e d 533 )3oo 
$91 St F u rn is h e d I B e d ro o m A p l 
A ir. I E lks K e lly . C all Any D ay O r 
N ig h t I a rn. 
IO b rn VZZ o634 

S pacious 2 a n d 3 b e d ro o m s Id e a l to r yo un g m a rrie d *, w ith a s m a ll c h ild 
The B o a rd w a lk o ffe rs 3 b< d ro o m s u n fu rn to r $79o 
2 pool 
< lu b ro o m and lo u n d ry 
( lo s e to 
W onderland and ( e n lr o l P ark 
3$16 W est A venue 349 42o3 
B a rry G ulp w a te r Co 

TALLYHO 

MOBILE HOME INC. 
31o3 N O R TH P A N A M 
221 3218 
MO N F R I 9 6 

TENOER LOVING CARE 
.O vered walk way fro m cor to apt u o n a ry a nd m a ilb o x a re a so vo van I qet (Irene tied. la rg e r ro o m s s ro o w on I b a rk y o u r s h in s 
Co 
142 911 1 826 1594 ond see 
THE K IN G S TO N APTS 
2262 V once Jackson For TLC t bree ta n share a I b ed ro om opt of the B oardw alk foe HOO each Poe c lu b ro o m a nd la u n d ry 
(J o s e I 
(e n tr a i P ark and W onderland 
ISM West A venue 349 42o1 
B p rry G illin g o u i,lr Co 
TV M O N IT O R E D S E C U R IT Y - 
G A R D E N PATIO S 
C LU B ROOMS 
G Y M ANO SAUNAS l l 3 BED RO O M S. I 7 BATH S 
$17$ Ie $27o B IL L S P A ID 
P A R K TOWNE APTS 
434 4191 
TOH B A N D E R A ROAO 
B etween H illc re s t o nd C aligation 
ISIS W 
C o n to u r. In e o r $7o6 Son 
P e d ro l, 2 bedroom tu rn o pt $16o w oter poid o74 791) 

• 1132 t FRENCH e 
I B edroom s la rg e am m a and liv in g kitchen g arage heat a ir, near bu center, 341 194 3 735 695! 

WHY SETTLE FOR LESS er o v e r pay 
W IL S H IR E APTS 
H o c k of P l Sam N o rth O gle 
826 t i f f , o24 1196 
Afb W Lynw ood u nusually nice opt 
.pavem ent T rim ly SAC 733 1864 

A l 1773 A g a n ie r. I b e d ro o m , o ir, 
11o 822 o6oo or 737 $697 
B E A U T IF U L Tree H ouse A p ts in q a rd e n C o m b le * , n e a r B ra c k e n rid g e Pk T rin ity U and D ow ntow n 
V ie w o f C liv . P o o l 
I a u n d r y 
M odern and c o m to rto b le M a n a g e r. 
M U L B E R R Y T E R R A C E A P T S 
U H E M u lb e rry , 877 $634 b e d ro o m , c e n tro ! a ir h e a l, com p late k itc h e n pool. c a rp e te d , u llli es p a id SI6o m o n th 
.141 33 78 or r,84 27)8 o tte r 6PM 
T H U N D E R B IR D A P T S 6222 NW 
I opp 41o neor In g ra m Rd 
3 B e d ro o m , lo v e ly y a rd . P l 
Sam area, ca ll c o lle c t I 397 849J A lte r 4 
B edroom . $2oo m onth I bed ro om , 
$16o m o n th 
A ll b ills p a id 
D eposit re q u ire d 
TH E T IM B E R S A P T S , 
462 U topia 333-6ooo 
B IL L S P A ID $19$ to $27$ 
T e rre ll H ills A rea 
824 28$1 
S EITZ A ASSOC. R E A LT O R S 

BRITTANY APTS. 
66o7 Jones M o lts b e rg g r. IS I 3126 
C A S TLE H IL LS A R E A 
OH lo c k h ill Selm a and W est Ave 
B ea u tifu l 2 bedroom , ca rp ete d, bill* od 1735 4V4 3229 

CASTLE HILLS AREA f o r q u ie t m a tu re re s id e n ts . 2 be d ro o m . 2 b a th , $215 
I B e d ro o m 
5 F ree u tilitie s P ool. c a rp o rts 
Ask for L ennle Thom as, M I S ill or 
344 9314 eves and w eekends 
CONTESSA TO W NH O U SES I . roms. S2oo S225. new ly d eco ra ted , 
Is p a id , no p e ts c h ild r e n 
>67o7 
824 4 7oo 

CONVENIENCE 
Loop 416-Vonce Jackson Rd 
P A R K L IK E G R O U N D S 
2 B E D R O O M $72$ B IL L S PO 
P A R K D A L E APTS 347 o191 
N E A R U TSA 
C O U N TR Y d M e d ic a l C o m p te *. I b e d m a n and huge 2 b edroom a p is in four 
• te n n is c o u r t r id in g tr a its h o rs e s ta lls , on 45 a c re h illto p a va ila b le M a rc h $15o m o a nd S25o b ills p d p lu s $15o d e p o s it 
6V8 27 )2 for opp) No C h id re n 
1712 C U L E B R A sm a ll re a r aph bedroom , 
I b oth 
$6o 
W ater 
349 1479 
H ector J H erbeck Inc 
R e alto rs 

 bd 

EC O N O M Y ECO LO G Y m o rt d riv e to college shops, or r i he bus I bedroom , d in in g too 
THE GOLDEN K EY 
A p a rtm e n t L o ca to rs 828 $739 le q u n t 2 b e d ro o m o p t nee wood Good tenants 824 b h o o t 
68o6 ru cleon I b edroom w ith liv 
In g c o m b in a tio n , h a r d w o o d cs a p p lia n c e s . N o rth of S 
> m onth 732 5244 
732 TOo1 
F A IR F A X APTS Near Sac 
( en! a ir pool A dults 732 77' b d' 

GREENWICH VILLAGE 
IDEAL LOCATION 
2 B ED R O O M S. P orn $77$ 
U T ILIT IE S PAID 
21$ Jackson K e lle r 
H iifiZ J _ _ _ _ 
IF YOU Q U A LIFY 

1 B ed ro om I B ath $142 $199 
2 B edroom I B ant I t $9 $221 
J B edroom 7 B oth $179 $246 
A il U tilitie s . C entro! A ir and H eal 
R e fr ig e r a to r 
R u n g e 
D is p o s a l 
D ra p e rie s . TV A n te n n a , S to ro u 
U nits and M ore 
A p p ro x im a te ly I 
M inutes fro m M ilita ry Bases 
924 o41o 
2914 R oosevelt Ave 

I rn m ot tenant > a la te I b e d ro o m a p t, good 
O lm os D r 828 68o6 
J e ff a re a . 7 b e d im liv in g dining son l oom, a d u lt! $121 736 7976 

M il W M a g no lia $166 2 bedroom s 
$6$ > I b edroom w a le r pd A ppoint m erit, 878 $*TJ7 824 5VIo 

M 7 W W ARE 
O ft S F lo re ! end S E M ilita ry D r I 
B e d ro o m a ir , c a rp e t, w o te r po 

M L M M E P M G A P T TURN 

 im m e d ia te o c cu p a n cy, i i fenced c lo s e to s c h o o l! a n d s h o p p in g 

4W 4P6HIMtgfS UhlURh 

A AA A DE AL BUY DON f R E N T 
J a r 4 b e d ro o m 
M o v e in s ta r t paym ents in M a rc h (m a n deposit 
P aym en ts less than re n t L ittle or no c re d it necessary 
494 7436 W A Y N ! (L A T E R 474 4124 

LA B A N D E R A APTS 
L U X U R Y I god 2 bedroom opts 
1171 B A N D E R A RD 433 3214 
L A C K L A N D A R E A M o d e rn , c a r buteo, la rg e I bedroom , 4 p ies, cen t r a i h e a l a ir . a p p lia n c e s d w arner disposal SISO U tilitie s pd 
674 1o32 a tte r 4 JO 
T T I AR 6 # IV v im and dining 
W alk in clo se ts, c o v e re d p a r k in g a nd o utsid e s to ra g e , w a lk in g d is lance a ll shopping 
THE H E R IT A G E 
I M I B abcock at HW Leap 416 
M IH M 
L IV E B E T T E R FOR L E S S ' 
G R O U N O L E V E L D U P L E X E S 
FU R N OR U N F U R N 
E X C E L L E N T M A IN T E N A N C E 
R IG H I ANO H IL L S APTS 
2931 E 
SOUTHCROSS 
$14 88o8 
LO O KING FOR THE ID E A L A P T 9 
W k H A V E IT 
‘ B ed ro om s. J bams, (O vered balconies fo r pion) g od b or b c u e in g , s ta r cig * ro o m 
Spacious room s, lots at p a n try gin slur out- space 
THE H E R IT A G E 
I$44 Babcock at NW Loop 416 
______________ M i m s 

V a i W a a rS n iiiSYI 

Efficiencies, 1-2 3 
Bedroom Flats To 
3 Bedroom Town houses 
3815 Parkdale 

6 9 6 - 3 4 9 9 

TM ■ HMHlXtltt-IWBIW 

FURN 6 r UNFURN. 
I , 2 and 3 BEDROOMS 

 f f i r 

APTS. 
_ 
11721 Parliam«nt Square 
3 4 9 -3 1 4 9 

 let us find yours— 
24 Hr. 
TOWNHOUSf-APARTMENT 
LOCATORS 
8 2 8 -OB81 
FREE— N o charge to you 

“ The ProTeuToneli in apt. im ating “ 

U t f i j t u M 

M f 

WINDCREST 

APARTMENTS 

 cUKury liv in g in N o rth e a s t 

San A n to n io 

FROM $215 
656-o182 
8835 WILLMON WAY 

WAKEFIELD-STARDUST • 

APARTMENTS 
{ 

Ideally located on buslint. I, 2, ond 3 bedrooms. SI8o ... to ... 
$35o. On Rector caws from 
North Star Moll 

85o6 WAKEFIELD 
344-4558 
• I 

I 

THE TAHITIAN 
7 B ed ro om , I bath, $72o 
3-Bedroom , 2 bath, I SOO sa ft $79o 
The lo c a tio n is so c o n v e n ie n tly located, a second co r is not needed 
A L L U T IL IT IE S P A ID 
One B lock To N o rth S tar M o ll 
2o2 B IR C H L E A F , 342 o785 

THE TARA APTS 
8o51 BROADWAY 
AM A P A R T M E N T 
U n fo rg e tta b le os ifs nam e 
1 B E D R O O M . $155 
2 B E D R O O M . $21o. 
U T IL IT IE S PAID 
824-oo61, 828-7393 

 p m x m S e jm m ^ 

488 ROMES, DUPLEXES, 

UNFURNISHED 

T IM E TO M O VE 
The H e rita g e has la rq e room s. e» 
Ira closets, la rg e co ve re d p olio ond pork mg A ll b ills DCI 
TH E H E R IT A G E 
1543 B abcock a l NW Loop 41o 
MI-2228 
3 2 TO W NHOUSE 
F o rm a l d in in g , patio, outsid e s lo r a g e , 2 c o v e re d p a r k in g a l y o u r door P oolside 
TH E H E R IT A G E 
1543 B abcock at NW Loop 41o 
___ 
341 2228 
V IL L A G E OAKS APTS i-2 B edroom s, ond E ffic ie n c e s 
U T IL IT IE S P A ID e on N. N ew B ra u n fe ls 828 4242 

CHOICE RENTALS 
UNFURNISHED HOMES 
15(o7 MG TUR > 4 bedroom, 
2 VS both, 2 cor oarage, carpet, privacy fence In Hidden forest MSO. 
♦J SUTTON FUD - 2 bedroom!, 
2 Vt bath, condominium with all the extras $43o flus condominium fee im 
WOO DG*UN 
- 
3 bedroom!, 2 bath, I car garage, cen 
Ural heat ft oh, convenient to Ron dolph ft Ft. Sam $225 
o 4 2 
CASTU 
AMU 
- 
3 bedrooms, I bath, fenced yard, two patios. Convenient to landofph ft Ft. 
W it. SKS. 
IKM ft PATRA NCO - 2 bedroom, 
1 both on 9 aces, Southwest SIBS. 
2423 ONONNATI-OUPUX 
- 2 bedroom, I both, ah condition, gorag*. Convenient to St. Rory'* U. 
SHS. Mo pots. 
(234 ONUS—3 bedroom, 2 bath!, 
2 cor garage. Central heat oh. Fen­ ced. Tnundeibhd Hills J27S. 
APARTMENTS 
485 MMR 4oAD -Hic* I bedroom, 
I both furnhhed garage apartment, 
Convenient to DAMI 517o. Water paid 
Uvoral I bedroom, I bath, apart­ ment available in Kirby, Teias. 
Furnished ft Unfurnished. SITO, to 
SHS. Central Heat ft Air 
221 NAT AUN - I bedroom. I bath, furnished, I car garage, water ft lawn car* paid Convenient to Ft. 
Sam. 511o. No pets. 

K O S O urJbkfiiniu 

IIAITORS - SO Y U K Of TRUST 

E X E C U T IV E 4 B E D R O O M 
2 bath. Ranch hom e, o v e r 23oo sa It 
In p re stigio u s San P ed ro H ills aren 
F a nta stic wooded a c re lot, walk 
C o c k e r E le m e n ta r y 
T o k e o v e r sh ort 5 m onth lease at $425 per mo 
C o u n try C lu b m e m b e r s h ip a ls o a va ila b le Coll ava 1879 
E x e c u tiv e D u p le x, L a u re l H gts bedroom s, 2 tile baths w ith va nitie s 
L iv in g ro o m , d in in g ro o m , fu lly e q u ip p e d k itc h e n w ith b re a k fa s t space, sun p orch, 2 car g arag e, lots of s to ra g e 
L u x u r io u s c a rp e ts drapes and c u rta in s . N ice location nea r S A J C. a nt T U. C h u rc h e s , shopping and tra n s p o ra tio n , W ater tu rn 
Ne y a rd 
M a im . 
31o 
W 
M istletoe 
F a m ily sired I b d rm , ne leose, low deposit, fenced. $85. 
U nited, 735-9171, tee (723-3) 
19 F la ir, 3 bdrm house, ra n ge o lr 
ISO. 344 8oo8. sec 8 Ok 

3o1 o9 IS W M a g no lia 
A p a rtm e n ts fro m $1oo and up N eor 
S AC , c o n v e n ie n t s h o p p in g , b u s lines Coll 733 9857 

4o6 HOUSES, DUPlfXES 

FURNISHED 

7 b e d ro o m house, $1oo 326 R iv e r side Dr South I c h ild OK 648-265o 
Close to F I Sam. 7 b d rm , ca rp ete d, fenced (or kids. pets. $1*o 
U nited, 735 9121. fee (72o 1) 
E m p loye J la dy to share hom e w ith fem ale ow ne r, NW a re a , pool, sh are b ills plus re n t. 732-86o5. 
614 K aren Lone, (N E ), 3 2, c e n tra l o ir, (once, $225 826-79) 3. 
L o rg e I b d rm d u p le x o n ly SITO fenced fo r kids 
U nited, 735-9)2), tee (7)9 )) 
M e d C e n te r, B a b c o c k . H u e b n e r 
A re a , on lo v e ly '.a c r e , la rg e lik e new p e rm a n e n t m o b ile hom e, cen trcil a ir, ca rp et, a pp lia n ces, w asher included $17o 82 7761 
N ice I I duplex Hie bath, a d u lt cou pie no pets M M u rry 821 4778 
Q uaint I b d rm house, fenced pets o k,only $7$ 
U nited, 735 912), tee (74o-3) 

 kids. 

FOR LE A S E la ig e 2 b ed ro om , 2 b a th T o w n h o m e 
L iv in g , d in in g fa m ily and u tility room s, 2 co r g a r age. fire p la c e 
B ra n d n ew , y a rd o r c fu r n is h e d 
P r e s tig e g o lf course, s u t d iv is io n 
In N o rth e a s t 
Son A n to n io . C a ll P A 
Y o rh e m days 824 75.12, lutes and w eekends 
826-6872 
-----------------F- OR R E N T b e d ro o m hom e in E a s t T e rre ll 
H ills. I'd bath and c a rp o rt. E x tra s to ra g e 
$175 p e r m o. A v a ila b le now 824 o)7) 
R E P C A R P E T 

H ig h la n d ! 2 b d rm , c a rp e te d la rg e fenced y a rd , u tility room . $17$. 
U nited, 735 9121. tee (722-2) 
H o rs e s O K , 3 b d rm h o u s e on IO a c re s w ith stove , b a rn . m a n y ex t ra v $3oo. 
U nited, 73S-912). t a t (72o-3) 
Huge 5 b d rm w ith app l on >• acres, fenced, storag e and c o rra l 
United, 73$ 9)2), tee (721 2) 
In d ia n C re e k , 3 b d r m w ith c o p ), carpeted, fenced y a rd , kid s O K. 
$17o. 
U nited, 735-912), tee ( 729 I) n goo d n e ig h b o rh o o d ; 

166 Rock v o lle y (L a c k la n d . K e lly ) 
3 1, a ir, lance. $1*o CT6-7913 
SAC I b d rm , g arag e a p l. o nly s ilo 
H u rry ! 
U nited, 735-9121, fee (72o 2) 
Southside, H ig h la n d P o rk , 6 room , duplex, n e o r schools, bus 826 2233 

4o8 HONES, DUPLEXES. 

A A A A A A Hom e OI yo ur own can be yo urs fo r as little as S7oo dow n ond paym en ts less than re n t No c re d it? 
No p ro b le m ' 
JB J 
674 54o1 
A N Y T IM E 
A A A A D E A L B U Y DON T R E N T 
3 o r 4 b e d ro o m 
M o v e in , s f a r l p aym en ts in M a rc h S m all deposit. 
P a ym e n ts less than re n t 
L ittle or no c re d it necessary 
*96 742o W A Y N E S LA T E R 674-612* 

L U X U R Y P LU S 
L a rg e 2 b e d ro o m lo w e r a nd 2 be d ro o m to w n h o u se . W a s h e r D r ye' luded. e xclu sive u re a 
A ction A pt L o c a to rs . *24 2J l l 
L U X U R Y TO W NH O U SE 
B e d ro o m , I o a th 
P L U S D E N ovely fire p la c e N o rth C e n tra l. UDO 
•a ti SJV5 b ills pd 
A P A R T M E N T S U N L IM IT E D 
828-o681 
••IO m in lo d o w n to w n 
N e a r tre ew oy ond bus $78 223 285o 

NEAR SAC 
I a n d 2 b e d ro o m s 
S Ioo to $12* 
U tilitie s P aid 6V6 9V?o 
H o h e n be rg cr-C o ltin s Co 
NO C O M P L A IN T S 
About the ‘ to roge in o 2 bedroom hath m a ster b ed ro o m su ife W alk in p a n try 
THE H E R IT A G E 
I$43 B abcock of NW LOOP 41o 
_______ 
M I 2228 

A A A A ID E A 
W hy re n t? P ut re n t m oney into y o u r own hom e We have b e a u tifu l 3 be­ dro om hom es a ll o ve r S A fo r $2oo to ta l m ove in P a y m e n ts less tha n re n t NO C R E D IT ’ NO P R O B L E M ) 
675-1*91, 623 $72o, *74 1777 
P O IN T E R R E A L E S TA TE 
A A A 3 b e d ro o m , I b o th , c a rp o rt fenced y a rd . between V o lle y H i M a ll and V alley Hi P ork SIoo. Dep. $165 
M o 6/3 32o1 
A Choice of 3 4 b ed ro om hom es to re n t. Lease w ith option to boy O wn your hom e N O W ' $ I VO to $$oo m o 
GASE B A K E R R E A L T Y CO 
69o 899o Eves 696 88o$. M2 7712 

A G re a t tim e to re n t le a s e w ith o p tio n to b u y . or o w n y o u r o w n hom e w here we g u a ra n te e to buy it back a n y tim e w ith in 3 y rs . 3 c r b edroom s, SIVO $5oo m o C all 
IN T E R S T A T E 828 o7SS til 8 pm 
A L A M O H E IG H T S 
Niue I bed ro om , I •• h ath hom e w ith w a s h e r d ry e r a n d r e fr ig e r a to r 
Fenced rn b a lk y a rd , single Ily in a a re o 
S4oo p e r m o n th 
144 3o76 
N iles. 6V6 o866 
Don Johnson, Realtor 
A nice 2 b d rm d uplex, a pp lia n ces, at 
NW C n tr 235 R enner, SISO 344 3113 
A rock m ansion on 7 a cre s re m in is cen! of C iv il W ar T o ro A a ? e office to r b u s in e s s 
38oo va lf , 6 fir e places, can p a s tu re h orses 24 m l 
N o rth of 16o4 $5oo m o 695 VISK 
AT 1923 W t i a vis a t P into. I large b edroom dup le x, close to J buslines ond school 344 7995 
A v a il im m e d ia te ly tor R eal Lease n ea r St 
M o ry s U n iv 
2 b e d ro o m w ith la rg e fa m ily ro o m , a ll ele k itc h e n , c e n tra l h e a t a ir . w a ll to w a n c a r p e t in g , la r g e c y c lo n e fenced y a rd w ith pecan tre es and 
• a r p o rt Bv O w ner, shown by a ppt 
$25o m o 342 4228 9 5. 342 1o1o u tte r 

B a r g in t A 3 a n d 4 b d r m r e n t to g e th e r to r only $2$o In q u ire 
U nited, 73$ 9121. tee (724 1) 
B e d ro o m . 2 b ath . 2 ca r g a ra g e fire p la c e , 129o sa ft c a rp e t 
NE schools 
V o lle y F o rg e a re a S32 
$26 7844 D ays 826 8J12 mtes 

N O R TH E A S T L U X U R Y lovely I bedroom pius study 
TEN 
N I5 COUR TS. oh bals pd S21o mo 
A P A R T M E N T S U N L IM IT E D 
828-o681 
' iK ' * 

 o a k h i l l s v i l l a g e 
A p a rtm e n ts and Townhouses 
FR O M $16$ 1847 B obcock 366 973* 
P LA N T NUTS 
D o n 't m is s the H e rita g e if you re lo o k in g to r the id e a l o p t to keep p lan ts 
I Or J co v e re d p o lio s , tor e very a p a rtm e n t 
THE H E R IT A G E 
($43 BABCO CK at HW LOOP 416 
___________ 
M I 2216 
S u h o ra 
A p ts 
1611$ 
S a h a ra 
364 9471 
3 b ed ro om $26$ A ll e le* 
In c kitch en B ills paid 

SECURITY 
PLU S 
Apts of Distinction 
I (flu e n c ie s 
I and 2 bedroom s f u rn ish e d ond U n fu rn ish e d 
THE VILLA FONTANA 
12) B R A C K E N R ID G E AVE 
(O F F 27oo B R O A D W A Y ) 

8 2 8 I I V I ____________ 

SUNSET RIDGE APTS 
L a rg e I and 2 B edroom s 
FR O M $1)7 IO (F U R N $11$ ) l l * V A N D E R H E I 636-2369 
O FF N NEW B R A U N F E L S 
THE B E L K N A P AR M S APTS 
3o7 W M istletoe 
71$ 92*6 
73$ 4191 
BY A P P O IN T M E N T O N LY 
I b e d ro o m $22$, 2 b e d ro o m tow n house 
122o sa ft , fire p la c e 
U t bath. $314, 2 b ed ro om tow nhouse. no >g It . I 1} bath $32$ 

IKR TOWNHOUSE 
2 B edroom s, a ir. heat $13o W ater pit 
P atio 
ISH C l M ig 468 ir a 
No pets 341 844* 494 y /R k?4 6277 

THE HABITAT APTS. 
? BEDROOMS 
ALL U T IL IT IE S PD. 
3815 W EST A V E . 
________ 344 772o________ 

 l i p 
I B E D R O O M I B ATH 
ALL B IL L S P A ID 
MIO MCULLOUGH 7)2-2611 
B v A P P O IN T M E N T o n l y 

J B edroom , 7 b ath house, lo rg e den w ith f ir e p la c e , d o u b le g a r o o t w o s h e r - d r y e r h o o k u p 
P h o n e 
494 1311. 16411 L edge R ock, Thou cond O aks 
J B e d ro o m , 2 c a r g a ro g e , c e n tra l a ir heal, c a rp e t though out, 4$J $91$ a tte r SPM 

HASE WITH OPTION 

TO IHT, We hove got 2 of them One 
Is 6 lovely 4 bedroom home in 
VALLET FORM for only 13(o month. or SOT,95o. 

The other is a super contemporary dream heme with 4 bedrooms in 
THOUSAND OAKS fix SSSO month or 
$(7,ooo. Call for details 
828-6391, ANYTIME 

IOO] NX loos 41o 

CHOICE RENTALS 

$31 Queen Anne 1-1___ $115 
7626 Glenside J I . . ’. . ... J IM 
4311 Rockwood 3 2 2 
USS 
12521 Sandpiper 3-2 2____$3oo 
221 Drtftwind 3-2^2...........$325 

MANY MONI TO CHOOSE FROM 
C oll 8 2 8 -5 7 o 4 

CENTURY 21 

ROR RODGERS, REALTORS 

W itY R E N T ’ 6 U Y I J b e d ro o m s , ce ntra l heat a ir , only $2o to m ove in 
$17o mo. 
696-742o W A Y N E S LA T E R 684 6169 
3 Y r. 3 1 I, c e n tra l a ir heat, close to 
R A FB , W indsor M a ll, and Ft Sam 
$2o3. 658 426o 

4 1 o -HOUSES, RENT OR SEU 

5 w f ^ T J o T o w n ^ T 'r ^ o ? e ? , , NoHh 
S o u th , a ir , c a r p e t, a p p lia n c e s 
E A S Y C R E D IT ! 
N o p y m t 
1st m onth 
F E D E R A L P R O P E R T IE S 
714-6616 

412- ROOMS, FURNISHED 

IC F AL B A C H E LO R 5 QUARTS P>. 
NS ro o m , b a th , d re s s in g ro o m 
733 8384 w eekdays a tte r 5PM 
L a u re l H a ts a re o , c a rp e te d , em ployed odult $4o m onth 743 18o8 
N e w ly tu r n I b e d ro o m , k itc h e n p rlvle g es if d iesire d, D e llvie w . I blk super m a rk e t 349 7398 342 6o57 
P riv a te e n tra n c e , b ath , re friq e ro a tte r 2, $75. 533 5885 tor, clean, 
• K' 

416 ROOMS WITH BOARD 

^ m m " w u IT T jo a r T ,7 o r ? d e r T r g oo d m e a ls , re a s o n a b le ra te s la un d ry done, 533 184o or 661-3275 

 in good n e ig h b o rh o o d ; N E i SD 
3 2 1. c e n tra l h e a t, fe n c e d y a rd 
$175.; 1o26 Sum ner D r in W ils h ire . 
144 4856 or 828 6997 
9oo IV Y , 3 I ). den. a ir, fenced, fire place. $795 826 5137; 828 799 ) ju s t N E . S A L E O R T I: A $ E . 3 2 carport, re frig erato r, range, drapes and fenced y a rd . $17o M o 
$1oo 
Deposit. Randy M atthew s Realty 
651 1)22. 
LEASE O P T IO N TO P U R C H A SE lo v e ly 3 b e d ro o m , 2 b o th Tow n home, e xcellen t location. 
R E D C A R P E T 
347 3)1) 
R E A LTO R S 
684 o663 
Like new, ; 2 J, lo rg e (u n p la c e d den, ca rp et b u ilt ins, p riv a c y fence. 
Cam elot ll aren, $385 m onth, $1oo 
Dep I 336 244? C O LLE C T B oerne 
M ed student try this I bdrm with appl, carpeted, only $13$ 
United, 735 9121, fee (743 I) 

MONTE VISTA 
A ttra c tiv e 2 bedroom . 7 bath hom e in e x c e lle n t n e ig h b o rh o o d , ta m ly room could be 3rd bed ro om , c e n tra l heat a ir, e lect ro nge. re frig . dish w asher, y a rd m a in ta in e d No sm a ll ch ild re n, no dogs $.1oo m o pius dep 
M O N TE V IS TA R E A L T Y 
71S-o48S R E A LT O R S M LS 122 oo7$ 

MOVE IN TO DAY 
3 bedroom house, fenced b a c k y a rd , w a lk to N o rth s id e s c h o o ls , n e a r shopping ce nte r, SI SS mo. 
R E D C A R P E T 

$1oo 
N e o r K e lly ' l l R ic a r d o , droom s, c a rp o rt, fenced 
655 3224 
N e a r L a c k la n d . } b e d ro o m , I . baths, S165 m onth 923 9157 , 923 669; 
N E A R Y A C K L A N O ! " a i " 4 d ro o m . 2 b a th , d o u b le g a r a g e c e n tra l a ir heal all a pp lia n ces. S2So p er m onth 676-M U 
R E D C A R P E T 
Handm oh, L arge , c o m fo rta b le 
3 b ed ro om . 2 b oth hom e, c o v e re d p atio , fen ce d y a rd , 2 c o r g o ro g e 
S325 m o 653 9633, 494 7S4Q 
| 
NL i t, cir rn, oil built ms. carpeted, privacy fenced yard. $2o$ 
U nited, 7)5-9121, tee (72S-3) 
N E W N E V E R O C C U P IE D 
T T I c a rp e te d w ith d is h w a s h e r and dis nosal $315 per m o 655 6848 MOR 
TON SO U THW EST R E A L T Y 
NICE 2 B E D R O O M house, io* v> ' ed. a ir, fence 344 68o4 
N O T R E D ir N E E D E D '---------- 
Why not own you ow n hom e? Just! 
$2oo dow n! F ro m SI59 per m o n th ) 
922 17o4 
P AT M C V E Y 
474-252) 
------------ N O R TH E A S T A R IA ------------ 
4 -1 'i I, $24$ m o n th 451-4)13 r e f r a i n r J bed ro om , ? baths fenced and trees. $24o m o 655 9798 o ile r 5 p rn 

O okh illS , I - I - ) , p o o l. c o u p le , ( i i i 

2 B e d ro o m , liv in g ro o m , d in in g room , kitch en . I bath, y a rd $9o 
I 
Child 224 5338 M rs N e n 
3 B E D R O O M S " c a rp e ts , a ir 
$1/5 mo N ear L a c k la n d K e lly *96-742o 
W A Y N E S LA T E R R E A LT O R S 
14o$ Benton. N gate of F t Sam . 2 bedroom . $11$ $6o Dep 736 212$ 
Big ra n c h s ty le 2 b e d ro o m hom e a ith b ig y a rd . g a ra g e , w ith b ath . 
• 're p la c e , stove, re b ig e ra to r. a n d 
: o 'pets, $15o m o $75 deposit 5o14 
; o iiu g n o n Rd 4 '2 5474 

$13o SI55. 
B LA N C O RO and BASSE RD. 
I 2 B ed ro om s Gas W oter Pd 
6811 B A S S W O O D 342 17 o7 

C A M E L O T I) 
I b edroom . 2 bath, double g ara g e fire p la c e , k itc h e n com plete 
N iles 
654 57o7. 
Century 21 
H A P R E S E R 653-4112 A n y h m * 

 i c, c a rp e te d , c e n tro ! a ir h e a t. 
$175 653 8o49 before 2pm f f f A i M i H g - r i t T ir e o N r- T h c iii,' cent a ir heat, ra nge, ca rp et, trees 
$235 m onth 
654 I2$4 
R E D C A R P E T 

Choice fie n io lv H a rm o n y k ills 
3 ond 4 bedroom hom os $27$ - up 
LOU F O R K * 341 OH# 
?l#gn 3 bedroom , I . b oth . den w llK fire p la c e *775 m o A v a ila b le Fee I o r IS OH P e n n B edel 686-8466 
I lose lo oil J'b d rm , has stov*. f o r - oge fenced, kid s w e lc o m e ) SIS# 
U ntied, 735-9121, fog (73* l l 
C lo **' tg'T i m 
- g nd J a o f T e n U r , 
4-2 1 w ith opp), car poled, m ony e x ­ tras $258 
U nited, 735-912), fee (72»-2) 
C O U N T R Y N E A * I i T i A 
H u ge R u s tic C e d a r a n d S p a n is h 
Tile Neat 3 bedroom . 2 bath on top of 45 a c re wooded h ill. tennis c o u ri, rid in g tra ils OH I H 
IO West SISO , m o p lu s $i5<7 d e p o s it, elec and w o te r p a id , 698 2742 to r a p p t 
No 
Sm all C h ild re n 
^ 
* a M » u ^ 
H eV tT l---------- 
O ft N a cog d och e s R oad, has 4 be droom s, la rg e den, se p u ra ie d in in g ro o m 
NE Schools, in c lu d in g New 
M adison H ig h Call 822 58o8 
ED G IL B E R T R E A LTO R S 

 b i n 
R u m u w ) . i n 
; 
1. . phone es fenced, c a rp e te d , c e n tra l a ir B ea l, d ra p e s 
$2»o m onth 
M A $693 

 mo L e o .e 732 84o5 
O ff NuvOudoi bes ti l , 2 bedroom , oath stove re fn g , g arag e, c y c lo n e fence 
SISO mo. 
12814 
S kylin e 
2256o1o 
One bedroom u nit n eo r i i P o frlc k s 
$4$ m g 824-4551 
5 n 
^ l t o6 fo r } b d rrn w ith a p p l fenced y a rd , bids OK 
U nited, 735-911), fee (735-3) 
O nly hom e fur lease in U n iv e rs ity 
Oaks, 3-2-2. 3 M in lo M e d ical Com p le x , o r U T S A , w o lk to g ra d e school $35o m o plus Dep e ta -1o58 
(av. Pea. 
On q u ie t Cut de soc, c a rp e l, b u ilt ins. p riv a c y fence, nice v o rd , $29$ m onth, $1oo dep C ollect I 334-2442 
Boerne 

 o n T T T T W 
T 4 room house furnish 534 4116 
"p a B k T T T a o T T rT a " 
V ocont 
3 I CP. slave, fenced 
$17o 824 o213 
COOK CO R E A LT O R S 
R egency P lO ie D u p le x 
3 2 1, cen tro t a ir h e a t, c a rp e t, e le c tric k it th e n . lo u n d ry conn, p riv a c y fence w ater pd $29o 653 4511 

R E N T A L M A N A G E M E N T 
Have our p ro fe ssio na l staH m anage your re n ta l p ro p e rty We have te n ! ants a v a ila b le 87? 1552. A n y t im e ^ 
NORTHEAST REALTY 
R E N T A L S 
WE M A N D LE 
Choice N E R e n ta l* 
C a m * (a e Us 

BUDDY UECKER 
■ B N lo ' q» 
824 7 341, 1314 A u *h n H w y 
IT I. 
B eni or b u T Y T l. on la rg e ” feTTo“d lo t, 8643 E lk R u n n e r 
See to o p j p r e d a t e I 
R e n t $22o m o 
$171 dom age deposit. Sell 1125o equit| and assum e $2o6 TI YI *23 4764 ■ 
$ r o 6 m A n d i r 6 6 U "Houses on# lot S uitable fo r o H ite s and o r I t h u d c o re r e n te r 
H O L C O M B 
R E A L T Y , 
$37 *9 8 7 
C e ll 
C o l 
M c D u vitt, 344 5$IS 

S m all h o m ily ? I b d rm w ith e x ira 

Th? 

I o«p. ne le a s * $18o 
U nited, 73$ 911), fee (721 I) 
St M a r y 's U n iv , §-1 -1, c o u p le 
$14o611*o deposit 731 549$ i i M a ry 's i t Y w ith opal. c o rp *!*'? fenced, o nly $168 
U nited, 735-9111, fee (714 3) 
S Y O * L O O K I NG I C u ll now TTT, forge selection of I and 4 bedroom hom es lo re n t, lease w ith option to buy or own P ric e d fro m $2oo 56oo mo Coit Iii $ P M 
E xecu tive Real E sta te 124 $34$ 
T C g i w '. 
" b e a T o o m r^ S n R T T ro r g o ro g e , fe n c e d y a rd . $2*5 
W ill lease w ith option lo buy 
653 9633 
496354o. m 
M I 
T O W N H O U II, (u p l. o n ly ) (V T I n il sole. L a ckla n d K elly a re a option lo buy w ith re n t a p p lie d lo e a u it 
3 7 ?, 15oo liv in g a re a , p riv a c y po ho covered p a rk in g , 341 IVV I 
5TJsr 
TOWNIE 
3 2 2, goroge, has welder fireplace garden patio off breakfast room 
Huge closets Pool, club, tennis 

T H E G O L D E N K E Y a t* 
TT 
A p a rtm e n t L o ca to rs (2 8 $719 
T B rm rg g rr 
MO U I E . 
1 5 f i t t n t 
6 $6 8579 Eves a na Sat and Sun rtS 'W A g i t I t A-------- 
3 bedroom. I bath. $15o 
1264511 T U N N E R H E A L Y Y 342 4849 

Fastest 
Results 

•in 
Town 

Expiess-News 
Merchandise 
Mart 
Quality 
Items at 
Discount 
Prices 

Call 

2 2 5 - 1 6 6 6 

Regular Classified 
Rates 
(open or contract) 

Need 
Extra 
Cash? 
Sell! 
Sell! 
Sell! 

 in the 
Merchandise 
Mart 

Call 

2 2 5 - 1 6 6 6 
Express/News 

~ \ 

Sell no longer needed household item s in the 

 i x p r e t s - N e w t 

MERCHANDISE 
MART 

Call 
225-1666 

J w ( t ( a y " C h a r g e I t " 

V a 
UW 

Placing Your Ad In 
The Northside Sun Is Easy. 

The Only Thing You Need 

Is A Pencil And A Little 
Imagination In Creating 

Your Very O w n 

Classified Ad. 

W hen You’ve Finished— 
The Ad Blank Tells You 
How Much Your Ad 
W ill Cost. 

Publicity and Busine5S 
News Releases Can be 

Deposited In These Stands. 

Shown Is Ramon Hernandez, 

Westwood Furniture And Appliance, 

South Park Mall 

The Average 15-W o rd , 
3-Ljne Ad 
W ill Cost You O nly 

$1.65 

Or Call 2 2 5 -1 6 6 6 
And Just Say 
Charge I f ! 

Northside 
Sun 

Published Every 
W ednesday. 
Deadline For Your Copy 
Is Friday, I o A .M . 

5o,ooo 
Newspapers 
Home D elivered 

Northside Sun Ad Blank Stands Are Con­ veniently 
Placed 
For 
You 
At 
These locations; 

SKAG G S A IM R IS O N 
Bandera Rd. at 4 1 o 

HANDY ANDY 
Central Fork Moll 

HANDY ANDY 
W e lt Avenue at Blunco 

HANDY ANDY 
San Pedro at O blate 

HANDY ANDY 
Naco Perrin (Battel) 

HEB 
North Star Mull 

HFB 
Blanco at Basse 

HFB 
G atew ay Center 
Pat Booker Rd 

P IG G lV W IG G IY 
San Pedro at O b la te 

P tG G lY W IG G LY 
Randolph Plazo 
Pat Booker Rd 

DELUXE SUPERMARKET 
2 3 o 7 Vonce Jackson 

DELUXE SUPERMARKET 
4 1 o 7 Bionco Rd 

^ 

San Antonio E X P R E S S - N E W S — Sotu rd oy Ja n u a ry 

To hove your problem solved or a ques­ tion answered* write A ction-Express, PAE 
Box 2 1 7 1 , San A ntonio. TA 7112*17. 

Alamo f l a t s ? 

My god. I just went downtown and looked at the “ new" 
Alamo Plaza. 
It has been butchered. It looks barren and bald like someone gave it a bad crew cut. 
What is the idea behind all of this anyway? 
I have heard about how terrible Milam Park looks, but it looks like a subtropical paradise compared to the barren, flats which are in front of the Alamo 
Is that it ? 
The city spent almost half a million dollars to strip the 
Plaza bare. 
Where are the trees? Where is the grass? W here are the benches for the people? Even the pigeons don't seem to like it. 
It's simply awful. Can anything be done? *■ 
MKS. G. G. 

W H A T 'S 
T H A T 
V A S E D O IN G IN 
T H E M ID D L E 

 y-—, 
O F TH E f l o o r ? 

I T H IN K 
IT 
IM P R O V E S 
T H E RO O MI 
H O W D O E S IT 
IM P R O V E 
T H E 
RO O M ? 
. 

Well, the one thing that can he done is you can wait a hit. 
Even though the plaza has been rededicated, the work is not yet finished be­ cause of the almost con staid rain we have had this winter. 
One of the main aims of the plaza redevelopment was to open the vista to the 
Alamo from Alamo Street. 
The rem oval of all ob­ structions, including the gazebo, was part of that development. 
Hut one thing people must remember about Ala­ mo Plaza is that it is just that — a plaza. It is not intended to he a park. lf voii look at all the great plazas of the world you will notice most of them are 

 paved over in m arble, cobblestones, slate or whatever. 
At Alamo Plaza the a r­ chitects have come up with a unique compromise. Bv spacing the large stone tiles several inches apart, green grass can grow up between them. 
From street level, the viewer sees a sea of green 
— or will once the grass grows in and the work is finished. 
We think you ought to give the new plaza plan a chance to develop fully. It already looks much more coherent than the plaza plan it replaced. And there are more trees now than before. Bet's wait a while longer before we give the final reviews. Okay? 

Acid stuff 

I was dri\ big down the street the ether day following this truck. 

It had several large black barrels inside of the rear. It was an open stake truck and vapors were rising into the air from these large tanks 

I got closer and the tanks said: “ Danger Muriatic Acid" and several other nice things which made the rising vapors look quite ominous, to say the least. 

I stopped at a safe distance behind the truck when we came to a traffic signal and noticed that another of the barrels said Pearl Brewery on it 

Is this the secret of Pearl Beer or is the acid something they use to process the aluminum cans at their recycling center? 
JE S T W ONDERING 

No, the uuriatic acid is not used in either the pro­ cessing of the beer or in the alum inum can recycling center. 
Nuriatic acid is used to clean lime deposits out of the pipes and equipment used in the brewery. 
Some people use other kinds of acid which sound even more frightening, but nuriatic is a standard acid base for removing lime de­ posits. 

Pearl officials stressed, of course, that the equip­ ment is thoroughly flushed and rinsed of all acid and lime and that no traces of either show up iii the brewery’s products. 

Bv the way, those vapors were not dangerous to you in your car. That is why there is no warning to stay hack a certain distance. 
It probably did look pret­ ty spooky , however. 

Illegal phone tap? 

On Channel 5 Eyewitness News earlier this week, they showed a telev ision report boasting about listening in on telephone conversations to calls to City Hall. 

 t'nder what law is it permissible for television reporters 
(or newspaper reporters for that matter) to listen in on telephone conv ersat ions? 

It would appear to me that this is a gross invasion of privacy bv a TV reporter eavesdropping. 
O. B G. 

We saw the same seg­ ment by reporter Sylvia 
Green and also wondered the same thing. 
But we talked this matter over with Channel i News 
Dir Bob Rogers. 
He said his reporter had obtained permission from the city attorney's office to monitor one end of the con­ versations. 
“ All she heard was the part of the conversations said by the operators. She did not hear the incoming part of the conversation," 
Rogers said. 
The story was about tele­ phone calls being made to 

( tty H all for telephone numbers of government agencies. The flood of calls had been prompted by the new rates approved for 
Southwestern 
Bell 
Tele­ phone Co. which permits the company to charge 2o cents for all directory as­ sistance calls above IO per month, 
Rogers said his reporter used a headset to listen to the inform ation about numbers being given out by the operators. Since she could not hear the other part of the conversation it was not considered eaves­ dropping, Rogers said. 

P ean u t recipes 

Sometime ago one of your readers wanted to know why no one from Floresville had put out a peanut cookbook. 

I have about 3o recipes for peanuts in daily cooking which I will be glad to share with your reader. Some of the recipes are almost HO years old. I now use modern ingredients, but other than that, they are the same. A few years ago I put them all iii book form 

Some of the peanut recipes I have include fresh apple-peanut pie, peanut stew, baked peanut fritters, jackass yams, peanut hash and peanut macaroni and cheese. 

If your reader will write me I still have a copy of the recipes left. 
W ILM A DE RST 

IT C O N E R S 
U P 
\ 
TH E J A M I S P IL L E D ) 
O N T H E R U G 

FRED BASSET 

Sounds like a real find lo us. Thank you for writing. 
Any readers who would like to communicate with 

 our peanut recipe expert can contact Wilma Durst at 
THOI Goldfield, No. 133, San 
Antonio, 78218. 

I 
V 
\ 
~ 
T 
~ 
' / 
O/NN E P 'S 
EADY/ 
FRED/ 

MOMMA 

PIC AN C IS , YO U 
\ 
T H A T '* r C X Q O T t o 
I 
I G O CH EZ? I 
61'C P AT 
THE S T C Z Z 
I em r eve / 

B U X I G u e s s V C U Z E S T U C K 

W I T H y D U F P O P E V 6 C h i 

B E C A U S E Y O W G A V E 

o 
I K T M 
IO 
M I M , 

FOB TWO DAYS AWD NIGHTS 
AA ACK RAGES TO GET PACTS 
FOC COLDFIELD'S PLANE 

STEVE ROPER 

Polyps can becom e malignant 

Dear Dr. Thosteson: Throe times in the last six years I have had to have polyps removed from my bowel. What are polyps? Do they grow quickly? Do they become cancerous? Must they be removed? W ill they affect my bowel movements? I am RO years old. — K C. 
\ polyp is u tissue growth i i i any mucous membrane 
This is tho kind of membrane found in the lining of the stomach, larynx, genitalia or intestines 
It m ay be a simple enlargement of tissue, or it may contain fibrous material er tiny glands. 
The cause of poly ps is not known, but single ones iii the colon (la rg e infest m o) are quite common 
I Ilave read estimates of their oeenrring i i i up to la per eent of the adult population Colon polyps eau become malignant, and if they grow rapidly, m alignancy is suspected. 
TLT 
Because of this it is adviso 
V hie to remove them, especially 
A " 1 1 1 those within reach of bistro motifs used re c ta lly . Those higher up in the colon can be watched to d eterm in e th eir n atu re and o b serve any change in size 
There are spe cia! viewing instrum ents for tills. 
’ l l a p o l y p high i i i the colon shows an increase i i i size o causes bleeding, then it should be removed. Tins requires an abdominal incision 
Chief symptoms 

Bleeding and cramping are the chief symptoms of po­ lyps. along with a change i i i bowel habits ~ cither d ia rr­ hea or constipation 
Colon p o l y p s may be inhertied One problem with them is that new ones tend to form following surgery However, surgical advances have reduced the dangers of removal, whether rectally o r abdom inally 
My booklet on colitis may help you understand the general problem you have, lf you'd like a copy, send 2a cents and a stamped, self ad* dressed envelope l o me i i i c a r e o f lins newspaper 
Dear Dr Thosteson I am till and do not take medication, but a friend s a v s all older people should lake water p i l l s 
- N N Y. 
That's a very dangerous bit of misinformation, which I hope is nut gaining any believers 
OI course you don’t need w aler pills (diuretics) nisi because you are getting older, anymore than you need laxatives or any other medication tor that reason alone 
You (or your friend) may require them individually if you have to rid your system of excess fluids Otherwise they can lie dangerous They should always Ik* prescribed by a physician, and their effects noted to be sure the levels of vital body m inerals are not becoming dangerously low because of use. 
Homogenizing 

Dear Dr 
Thosteson I have heard that homogenizing milk destroys certain enzymes that help the body use the calcium Do we get calcium i i i homogenized m il? — Mrs. 
( D 
Homogenizing m ilk merely disperses the fat particles uniformly throughout the m ilk The calcium and enzyme content is not changed 
My younger readers will not remember win o milk was delivered daily in glass bottles, each topped with heavy layer of rich cream. The way it was “ homogenized ’ was to shake the bottle upside down a few times until the fatty cream was dispersed throughout it ll dad got up curly enough in those days he might enjoy a hit of top cream with his coffee. 

Are you bothered with ringing in the e a rs? ll so, write to Dr thosteson, in care of this newspaper, (or his booklet, ' Ear N oises — Their Causes and 
Cures " Enclose a long, self addressed, stam ped envelope and 25 cents 

Health 
B y 
George C. Thosteson, 
MD. 

WORST 
I6URDTI 

Every w o r d y (iC ro y answ er is ii rhyming pair of words (like t nic*Blue, 
Plain la n e, and llum ptv I tem pts I 
Read the dc m ilton, then think of two re Vining WO lls th.it will tit i i i tin* letter 

 st s t h e n m bc*i aliet the definition 
Ie. ou how v syllables in cash 

B Y T R I C K Y R I C K Y w old of the th ng pub 

I f a m o u s t»la< k re v e re n d s 2 w h e e le r* 11) 
ZEETMIEEED 
2. N o . A m . In d ia n c o v e re d w ith sud s (2 ) 
TI I T B T 

V. M u st have p it* ( I ) 

I l l I I 
I Very < ratty (-) 
El 

TTTT1 

 i lunks...,.Min— goes to Mike 
I libelant of Chicago. 
II for o S. Mend your entry to this new m it e r .___________ 

5. A r a r u io u s A lk a b e ll/ e t k id I 

 r r n 
TETT! 

 h I rte od o f I o ik - H a n g e r's n e w P o la ro id s (2 ) 

I I T M I I I I T T 
7. l'n d rrssin g w hile lig h tly drinking ('.’ I 
TEXT 
ITTTX 

A/5* 

’ *NW4IS IMM** IN t SUJM»«4 MHM*! 
MUUS OI t i l l % 

V IIVI V IM' 'IM I Mi d 4% WI I IN I MOH 
I NIWI9 MMI f vMw.uy 

JEANE DIXON S 
HOROSCOPE 

Your birthday Sunday: 

Brings tin a Mibsiutned run of tentative planning to meet both obvious and not- fcQ-v isible contingencies. 
Learn to think on your feet tilts year — the past is an in­ sufficient basis for even routine future babi s a s ex­ ternal conditions ( bange greatly. Relationships arc intense, delicately poised 
Today's natives huv »• un­ even tempers, arc fond of sports, fads, novelties, 
Those born this year will need help in managing some theoretica1 or intangible metier 

A R I S * I M o n h l l A o r ii I t ) 

 le a v e hoed Iu d s , Injure-, a sid e 
< oui e n tr a in on h u m u n , s p ir itu a l possibilities I may relation ships (ur wtujt the/ ore, not lur how you tu n use them 

T A U R O * (A p ril JO M o * 
IO ) 
D e vo ir today lo hom e lite H a ve lh* to ur out' to let chips tail w here they m ay, Hut m ake no lin ol der is tuns f m a tte s defy the ties! lod g m ent need co rrection later 

O E m i n i <Mav l l Ju n e IO ! 

Helping with others co m p te i p roc 
(em s, you lose vi«ht ot your he st in terests 
No e lim in a tio n satisfie s criticism at unusual things you try 
Oo ontud a n y w a y 

C A N C E R D o n e l l Ju ly 111: 
(fie n d s decide lo do w hat they promised, then drop the bail 
The 

•ess said the pelter 
Proceed on 

 your own keiinau'sh com m erctat 
(shiertire s until tomorrow 

LAO (Ju ly H A U P 
111 
Nothing turns oui OS planned, no harm done 
Soliludr lends strength lo intuition, relieves long buried stress Going lo unfamiliar places adds cest to lite 

V IRG O (AUO l l Sept l l ) 
Your keen r y e to r d is r r e p u n c v ts 

 matt h id now tty sim ilar traits in ottiei s, not so tactfully e « p re s s e d le t reality deli nil Used, you re hat the tai aet 
LID R A (Sept spite m isg ivin g , sinrs. put them w h o w a n t a d v d ilem m as 
M oiu 

 l l Oct 
111 
Oe apout money, bu 
;iside Help lr tends ce un e m o tio n al 

| e no promises, see 

 how you lee! tomorrow 

S C O R P IO (O c t l l N e v. l l I 

Those who VQloC your opinion will ask, others d o n t wont guidance 
Today bus ail me uneasiness of final rehearsal 
The snow goes on 

 me rood tomorrow morning s a g i t t a r i u s (Nos n o t e . i i i instructions ore sim plistic! old 

 hands tell only had the story fte 

 dis, re e l among contusing altitudes 
Think tor your sell. leave conclu stuns tentative 

C A PRIC O RN (Dec l l Jon lf ) 
Sd this one out 
O thers w ant lo tu rin n impetus lot to d a y s adion . a 
W here you see e rro r, 

 lodgment Ofter correction 

 le t th 

 rem 
.st 
A Q U A R IU S (Ja n 
IO keg l l ) 
The line difference between ace en 
Ignce and to leran ce betorn#-* d e a r a . you co p t w ith m o l d s ig n a ls 
Vou please nobody, so do what you pteter without apology 
P IS C E S (F e b 
I* M arch le i 

Solitude is best ii you run oui ut 
(•netav there s no chance of tukmg b lam e tor any thing 
Skip or kegu 

 business al minimum 
Take no am 

 native on soles 

Creation theory pushed 

By LIZ SWEET 
When all scientific evidence is considered, the theory of creation offers a more convinc­ ing explanation for the earth’s origin than 
(I<(es evolution. 
That is what Dr. Henry 
Morris, director of the In­ stitute for Creation R e ­ search, and Dr. Duane T. 
Dish, associate director, 

 w i l l tell San Antonians i i i sem inars continuing through Saturday at Trinity 
I Diversity and T rin ity 
Baptist Church. 
As creation scientists. 
Dr M orris and Dr. Dish have traveled throughout the 
United 
States and 
Canada presenting the case for their theory which states the universe and all 

 life forms were created by an external creator. 
Dr. Dish, who holds a 
Ph.D. from th<' University of California with a major iii biochemistry, said F r i­ day night hr believes the theory of evolution is not substantiated scientifically. 
Fossil records 
Fossil records, Dr. Dish said, support predictions based on creation 
“ Fossils of many com­ plex anim als appear abruptly in the fossil record and no evolutionary ances­ tors for them can be found anywhere on the face of the earth,’’ he said 
Dr. Dish also noted tran­ sitional forms of life fe ­ ll i i ired by the theory of evolution are non-existent because gaps between the higher categories of plants 

 and animals are systema­ tic. 
“ The abrupt appearance of all basically different kinds of plants and animals without transitional forms support directly the pre-1 dictions based on creation, but contradict evolution.” he said. 
If the evolution theory is true, the scientist said, matter must have the in­ herent ab ility to self-organize itself into higher and higher levels of complexity. 
That, however, is not the case and there is a natural tendency for matter to be­ come disorganized, he said. 
Evolution. Dr. Dish ad­ ded. is impossible in tin' face of the laws of probability 
“ It is im possible that complex structures such as 
Novem ber crash takes 2nd life 

 eyes could have been formed by chance or mis­ takes,” he stressed. 
Many of these contradic­ tions, Dr. Dish said, are admitted by supporters of 
Darwin’s theory. 
They are now trying to revise their theory to ac­ commodate these facts, and account for the many gaps, he said. 
Despite their efforts, Dr. 
Dish said, he believes the evolutionists are losing ground and the theory of creation is gaining accep­ tance'. 
Alternative 
Slowly, he said, educa­ tors are coming to accept the' theory at least as a possible' alternative to evo­ lution and some state's are requiring textbooks to in- edude a discussion of its teachings. 
“ In a recent poll, 85 per cent of parents with school age children want both theories to be taught in the. classrooms,” he said. 
Dr. Dish also noted the' creationists’ talks over the country's college campuses 

Mrs. Edward C. Duncan lays a wreath to Dr. 
M artin Luther King Friday cerem onies spon­ sored by the Black Unity Coordinating Council. 
City Councilm an G len H artm an was among community leaders attending. Also Friday, a program honoring Dr. King was held at Kelly 
AFB Chapel No. I and a memorial service was held at the Carver Cultural Community Center. 

Firem en w on’t walk o ff jobs 

A message to San 
Antonians: The c i t y ’s fire fighters will live up lo their obligations 
— there is no talk of strike. 
Howeycr i i i exchange. vile fit\ should live up lo slate laws Frank Columbo, 
Internal omul Firelighters 
Assn secretary -treasurer. said Friday night 
Polum bo h re* i Fly ad ­ dressed more than 1 * h i city firemen after swearing i i i the new officers for the Sun 
Antonio Firefighters Assn . 
Local Hit 
Sick pay law 
Polumbo was referring to the controversial sick pay law which requires the city to pax unlimited, accumu­ lated sick pay to retiring firemen 

The city had filed suit against the state challeng­ ing the constitutionality of the new law 
“ All we want is a fair shake,” Polum bo said 
We will not deny the law neither should the city 

President 
Curtiz Franz rem ains president for the fire lighter s local union. 
( liber officers to serve for a year include .lames \ les- cu. first vice president; 
Ronnie Adams, second vice president; 
Leonard 
Rodriguez, financial secre­ tary . and Alex McLeod, re­ cording secretary 
Additional officers arc 
Tony Pedrotti. trustee; Ed 
Wtlborn and Jim m y Wong, sergeants of arms; Moses 
D avila and Carlos Re* sendee, trustees 

A young San Antonio man lust a two-month fight to live Friday following a fiery head-on collision that also claimed the life of a Cedar Creek man. 
A Bexar County Hospital spokesman told police Dil- berto Darza. 22. of Route I 
Box HJJ. died Iii tin' inten­ sive care ward of the ho­ spital at 7:3(1 a.in 
D arza’s death occurred less than eight hours after ail elderly woman pedes­ trian died during emergency surgery at the same hospital after being struck by a car 
Tile victim. Patricia Mo­ seley, 77, of B427 Wur/baeh 
Road, was pronounced dead at Bexar < aunty Hospital at 
7 HH p.m. Thursday 

Pedestrian 

 o fficers said sin* was struck by an automobile earlier in the evening as she walked along Wur/baeh 
Road near Evers Road. 
Driver of the northbound cur was identified by im dice 

 as Stuart Conley, 21, of 5B1H 
Ben Casey Drive. 
Darza died as a result of a Nov. 12 two-car crash on 
C S HU near Acme Road. 
A witness told police a car traveling eastbound at a high rate of speed struck a center median guard rail. 

 flew over a fence dividing cast and westbound lanes aud struck a small foreign car. 
Officers said Larry Colin. 
32. of Cedar Creek, near 
Austin died after being pinned inside the flaming wreckage of his ear. 

 have draw n large crowds. 
Many scientists who now regard themselves as crea­ tionists. started out as evolutionists. Dr. Dish not­ ed. 
Textbooks 
Coder the direction of Dr. 
Morris and Dr. Dish, the institue which is located in 
San Diego, Calif., engages in research and the deve­ lopment of textbooks writ­ ten within a framework of scientific creationism. 
The institute also formu­ lates educational programs and literature in tho field of scientific creationism and 
Christian apologetics. 
Dr. Morris received his 
Ph.D. from the University of Minnesota in hydrology and served as chairman of the Civil Engineering De­ partment of Virginia Poly­ technic Institute before joining the staff at the in­ stitute. 
Saturday's program be­ gins at S JO a m. in Trinity 
Baptist Church with a lec­ ture by Dr. Dish on the 
Theories on the origin of life. 

DR. HENRY MORRIS 
. . . gaps in theory 

DR. DUANE T. GISH 
. . .giving seminar 

Health plan group granted certificate 

San 
Antonio’s health maintenance organization 
I BM O ), the seeond char­ tered in the state, has been granted its certificate of authority. 
The BMO. Alamo Health 
Care Plan, Inc., was oper­ ating under temporary re­ gulations 

A joint effort of the Bexar 
County Medical Foundation and Blue Cross and Blue 
Shield of Texas. Alamo 
Health Care Plan has 32 enrolled groups. 
More than H.inn partici­ pants receive benefits from j more than .Till participating 
I physicians. 
_____________ 

'The TIMO concept pro­ vides alternative means of delivering comprehensive health services and con­ tro llin g costs of health care. 
Members pay a predeter­ mined amount for desig­ nated medical services, in- cluding physicians, hospi­ talization and outpatient services aud preventive medicine. 
A member can visit his doctor as often as necessary with little or no additional ct ist. 
Officers of the new BMO are Ray ll. Pace of Dallas president, and Christine 
Boesz, secretary 
Roberto Muniz gets 

CORPUS 
CHRISTI 
(AP) — Roberto Muniz, the brother of twice unsiieess* fill gubernatorial candidate 
Ramsey Muniz, was sen­ tenced to four years i i i pri­ son Friday on a marijuana smuggling charge. 

U.S. District Court Judge 
Owen Cox assessed the sentence on Roberto, who had pleaded guilty Nov. 22 to one count of conspiring 

 to smuggle JKJ pounds of marijuana into the Corpus 
Christi area 

Roberlo was placed i i i the custody of C S. Marshals. who returned him to the 
Nueces County jail where his brother is being held i i i lieu of $2 million bond on two separate federal in­ dictments accusing him of participating in marijuana smuggling schemes. 

Four years 
J 
The rem aining counts against 
Roberto were dropped after he entered a guilty plea to the one count for which he was sentenced. 
Ramsey, who ran twice for governor on the Raga 
Cnida party ticket, is slated to be tried Jan. JI on the charges growing out of the 
San Antonio indictm ent while trial on the Corpus 
Christi indictment is set for 
March. 

WIN THIS 

1S34 MODEL “S. J.** TOWN CAR 
Miniature Replica Finished In Pew ter 
A n d Brass 

DEPOSIT THIS ENTRY BLANK AT 
THE CLASSIC CAR DISPLAY 
EAST COURT — NORTH STAR MALL 

CLASSIC CAR CONTEST ENTRY FORM 
NAME.__ 
ADDRESS 
ZIP_____ 
PHONE 
__________________________ 

N O EN TRIES C A N BE ACCRED IT BY MAIL 
You must be at least 18 years of age to enter this contest. Stamped or mechanically reproduced entries are invalid. Employees of North Star Mall or stores located in the mall and their immediate families are not eligible for this contest. No purchose necessary,'you n ee c^ ro H x ^resen t to win. 

DRAW ING WILL BE HELD SAT., JAN. I STH AT 1:3o P.M. 
AFTER FROST BROS. FASHION SHOW 

INSIDE THIS SECTION: 
Want Ads 

• E M P L O Y M E N T • A N N O U N C E M E N T S 
• BUSINESS D IR ECTO R Y 
• F IN A N C IA L 
• BU SIN ESS O P P O R T U N I T Y 
• E D U C A T IO N 
• M E R C H A N D IS E 
• L IV EST O C K 
• PUBLIC A L E G A L N O TICE 

• A U T O M O T IV E 
• R E C R E A T IO N A L 

SEE THE “ G O L D E N T W IN S ” FO R A LL R EAL 
ESTATE, R E N T A L A N D M O B ILE H O M E A D S 

EXPRESS-NEWS 
Page 
I -E 

World x 

Saturday January I 5 I 9ll 

There’s a Fiesta in your future 

By JIM ABBOTT 
AUTO EDITOR 

LONDON — The w eather in 
London had been exceptionally good, no foggy day, no snow, no rain, but did it ever get cold. 
On tho morning alter tho coldest day of our stay, my wife and I bun­ dled up In our w armies, braved the icy blasts to the nearest underground 
(subway) station. 
U. D. Calion, m a n a g e r of public relations f o r 'F o rd of E u ro p e, had called to confirm our d ate to test drive tin* new F ord F iesta. He out­ lined directions for us to arrive at the 
Gunnersbury station at 9:3(1. 
I asked how I would know him. 
‘Now don't worry,” he said. “ I’ll be d r iv in g the only F o r d F i e s t a around.” 

We arrived a bit early and while we were shivering outside the station, the headline in the “ Sun” caught my eye. BR-BR-1T1AN. it proclaimed 
The first p a ra g ra p h of the story said, “ The sea froze on the South- 
East coast of Britain yesterday . . . and it was even colder here than in 
Iceland. ’ 
Warm shelter 
Shortly after we read the headline, 
Calion popped by in the Fiesta. With hardly a how-do-you-do. we sought 

THE AM ERICAN ve rsio n of the Fiesta w ill h a v e the steering w h eel on the le ft hand side 

 the warm shelter of the interior. 
Tin* F ie sta’s heater and de-misters were going full blast, and we were very quickly thawed-out. 
It was only a short drive to the Ford press garage. Calion explained that 
Walter Hayes, vice president of pub­ lic affairs, was waiting at the garage to say hello. 
I had met Walter on two previous occasions when he attended the na­ tional news conferences for Ford in 
Dearborn, Midi. 
Last Septem ber I had mentioned the possibility of taking a vacation in 
London, and he sa id it w ould be possible to drive the F ie sta during my stay. 
Country drive 
It w as su g g e ste d that we take a drive in the country and meet about mid-morning for coffee and refresh­ m ents. T h is se e m ed like a g ran d idea, and as long as Colton was going along as driving instructor and local guide I thought we could m ake it. 
If you have never driven English sty le , it is nerve- s h a t t e r i n g experience— everyone drives on the wrong side of the road. 
The c a r ’s steering wheel is on the right side. Foo t co n tro ls, clu tch , b ra k e and a c c e le r a t o r a r e in the proper position. 
The shift lever is on your left side, a situation that c au sed m e to con­ stantly bang the right hand door as I tried to shift with my right hand. 
I m ust say ( ’altun had nerves of steel, he only flinched visibly on two occasions, far fewer than I did 
My wife rode com fortably iii the back seat and enjoyed. I was told la te r , a s u p e r b view of the very beautiful English countryside. 
11OOcc engine 

After a few blocks of driving I be­ gan to settle down som ew hat and started to enjoy the ear. The engine w as an 11 (Mice m odel. Colton said 

JIM ABBOTT p re p a re s to ta k e the Ford Fiesta for a test d riv e in the English country- 

 when the Fiesta is introduced iii tin' 
United States it will have the lBOtlce engine, but because of federal regu­ lations, perform ance would closely match the notice English version. 
Tin* engine is mounted transverse­ ly. with a four-speed gearb o x s u p ­ plying power to the front wheels. 
The box shifts cleanly enough, the only problem I found w as with the habit-ridden driver, who could not make the mental change from right to left hand shifting. 
Let m e h asten to point out that when the F ie s t a a r r iv e s on these shores, it will be built with left-hand drive, and the shifting will be done wuh the right hand 
Best suspension 
Suspension proved to be excellent for a car of these dim ensions. The front is MacPlieison struts, inciden­ tally invented by a Ford en gin eer 
Earl MacPherson. probably the best suspension for a car this size. 
S e v e r a l m in i-c a r b u ild e r s have chosen to use independent rear su ­ spensions, but Ford elected to stick with a solid rear axle, I c an ’t quarrel with their choice. The axle is located with two trailing a r m s, a l’anhard rod. with two coil springs. 
A heavy duty suspension package is available and includes an anti-sway bar. stiffer springs and dam pers. 
There was a light rain falling dur­ ing most of our drive and the som e­ what slick streets did not allow for any hard driving. The fooling on Mi- ehelin radials was alw ays secure; I never had tin* feeling that the ear was g o in g an y w h e re ex ce p t w h e re I 

AUTOMOTIVE DISPLAY 
AUTOMOTIVE o4SPLAY 
AUTOMOTIVE •M T V r f 

INSIDE the wanted it to. 
Braking is from fine tuned discs up front and self-adjusting drum s witll leading and trailing shoes in the rear. 
The hydraulic circuits an* split ilia gonally with a tandem m a st e r c y ­ linder 
Steering is rack and pinion, with 
3.4 turns from lock to lock turning radius is 3o.fi feet 
There is hardly any torque pull on the steering wheel 
(‘veil under lull (lyottle 
P a s s e n g e r com fort is really im ­ pressive. The reason for the minicar 

SH tm vm um m 3HT----------- ----------- 

Ford Fiesta concept is to provide m a x im u m in- lerior room with m inim um outside dimensions. 
The front seats provide five angles of adjustment on the backrest, a po­ sitive locking m echan ism prevents forward tipping The release lever is 
Inch on the side of the seal. 

Back and forth travel of the front scats is several inches hut even vvtlh tin* front seal all the way back, the 
Sci* A SSEM B LY, Page a this section 

AWTOMOtTv * DI VRTA* 

NORTH PARK UNCOLN-MERCURY ll 

77 MERCURY MONARCH 
AIR CONDITIONED 
Monarch standard features include: 

• 2 ”>o (» t v lim ier • Autom atic 
• Power Steering • Power Brake* 
• lute Sidewall Radial lines 

• 
Air C.omlitioiied • 
I lilted <»la« 

• Left H am ! Remote M irro r 

‘ RI DF - ENG IN E F. RL D ‘- S 
? 

499o 

NEW 1977 COMET 
2 DOOR 

 it 25o 6 cylinder 
* White sidewall tires 

* Tinted gloss 
* Deluxe wheel covers. 

SPIRES DOUGLAS BUICK’S. 
FIRST 1977 
DEMONSTRATOR SALE 

AT THESE REDUCTIONS, WHY BUY A LEFTOVER 76? 

’ 7 7 
REGAL 

4-DR. 

ALL FULLY EQUIPPED 

Z IT T E L ! 
G O O D SELECTION 

STK. # A3423 
REDUCED 
$ 1 1 2 6 

$399o 

’ 76 Canel 

NEW 1977 COUGAR it 3o2 V8 A Automatic it Power 
Steering it Power Brokes it Steel 
Belted Radials Tires it Opera Windows dr Vinyl Bench Seats it Bumper Guards it Tinted Glass dr Air Conditioned it Left Hand Remote M irror 
$5o75 

E W J P R J f i * 

YOUR PRICE $6377 

’ 7 7 
SKYLARK 
Loudon Coupe 
*«. exoeoe twcj p oiser 
REDUCED 

YOUR PRICE $4866 
>77 w to- 

E L E C T R A 4* 
^ 
V 
COUPE 
*T* •C6458 
NEU P W let 
REDUCED 

 aT zS l T 
$ 1 7 7 1 
S 
T 
A 
A 
B y o u r p rice rn lr lr 9 

* 7 7 
ELECTRA 
4 -D O O R 

M t lP K J t f 
7 
YOUR PRICE 
’ 7 7 
REGAL 
COUPE 

 r ^ P l 

YOUR PRICE 
’ 7 7 
REGAL 

COUPE 
M U P R p c 

$7 
o 
2 t 
YOUR PRICE 

L M k 
^ 

STK. Cl 239 
R ED U CED 
$ 1 9 3 9 
*8288 

STK. A 2113 
REDUCED 
$ 1 1 7 7 
*6o57 

STK. Ao222 
REDUCED 
* 1 1 2 6 
*5894 

 sell Buicks e v e ry d a y to p e o p le w ho thought th ey could only buy a Ford or C h e v ro le t. 

I 

ZZ 

 dr 2.3 litre Engine it 4 speed transm ission it Steel b elted ra d ia l tires it P ow er front disc b ra k e s it Reclining bucket seats dr Body side m oldings dr Style steel w h eels 
* Full instrum entation 
NORTH PARK 

L I N C O L N - M E R C U R Y 

OPEL SALE STILL IN PROGRESS! 

 i i y e s 
“ JU/ U C I ” 
AMNttAJU* 
UU AU/ UJtg 

$35991 

92o7 SAN PEDRO 
341-8841 

•“ INVOICE AM O U N T’ 
AS DESCRIBED ON 
FACTORY INVOICE. 

!>>Xi JU U t CJS 
„ 
PIUS. . . 
$4 o o °° 
FACTORY REBATE 
THRU 
JANUARY 3$ 
SPIRES DOUGLAS BUICK 
C a 5 3 (feat old l Ute!It a «eu> Jphit 

5o1 BROADW AY ..RIGHI DOWNTOWN 
226J361 

San Antonio EXPRESS-NEW S— Saturday January I 5 1977 

AUTOMOTIVE 
D G D 

7o2-726 FOREIGN SPORTSCARS 
7o2 726 FOREIGN SPORTSCARS 
7o2 726 FOREIGN SPORTSCARS 
7o2 726-FoREI8NSPoRTSoARS 

VW RABBIT 
A J u m p A h e a d of th e A u to 
In d u stry! 
*3 4 9 9 * 

Volkswagen 

M o del 17o1 

’ Suggeited 1976 retell price t a il Coart P O I Troniportatien, tpxei and dealer delivery charges additional. x\\ 
’7 3 4 4 

M odel No. P22 
WITH 
Campmobile. ~ 
J,?P 
Optional Cost. 
Loo© Sta r V O L K S W A G E N 
33o3 BROADWAY 
824-7311 
Sales Open 9-9— Service 7-6 
Parts Open All Day Sat. 

CHOOSE FROM ' 
OVER IOO CARS! 

Bank Rate Financing 

A vailable Up To 48 Mos. 

3 yr. or 5o,ooo mil© service 
Contract 

///J> iiiii\ 

, N\ 
\ ^ 

 r n 
# 
' " 

7o1 ANTIQUES COLLECTORS 

A L A M O A U T O A U C T IO N 
Public Auction 1 P M Jan IStts 
33oo S. W M tlltory D r 924-6469 
A Rr>al A n tiq u e ! 5o Y r old 1977 
C he vy J door, extra enqlne. fr o m m ission, go od body 51,ooo *79 7o97 
'56 B U IC K S P E C IA L N ee d s repair, g ood body 923 o976_________________ 
52 C A D I L L A C L im o u s in e fro m 
Colorado Fu n e ra l H om e E xce llen t cond 
535oo. 
Will take trade 
658 1235_____________________________ 
1929 C h e v ro le t C om p lete tor res tai Qtioii 58oo 53? 1788______________ 
195o C H E V R O L E T ton p ic ku p 
6o". restored, custom cob9 Coll 
532 839o 
'52 C H E V Y F A S ! B A C K 
G ood con rill ion 
Best Otter 
/Ti 9Voft (iller 4 pm. 
Ss C H E V Y 
35o V U m ags, sta n d , sec lo a p p re cia te 1 655 8391_________ 
C lassic Ivdv Plym ou th 
5 MOO o rig lilie s Good condition 733 8o78 
74 J E N S E N Interceptor IM 
__________ 5 I 9 9 o 63 i YOO1)__________ 
6*5 M U S I A N G O e lu re /HY VS, unto , leu tory air, oil pow er Still like n e w 1 i'/OO ill ?9J3 
~47 P L Y M O U T H , 4 door, excellent c o n d itio n , o r ig in a l o r r e s t o r e d 
61 OOO M i 333-6276_________________ 
64 S T U D E B A K E R Pickup . v8 stan flat d with overd rive, will run. needs restoring, e xtra engine, tr a n sm it so n o v e r d r iv e 51.ooo tor all. 371 
Langford, 922 1914__________________ 
T B U C K E T B od y. (rom e. so /pe n non com ponents, wheels and tires 
A sk in g SB75 671 4786 after 4 3o pm hoi product used iii m ost new hom e c onstr ui hon today 
V e ry little 

7o2 726 FoREI6N SPORTSCARS 
7o4 AUDI 

74 A udi IOO outo a ir stereo, a nd sunroof 684 oo68, 494 2396 
A U O ! Ioo -LS 74 2 dr std , loaded 
Like new. orig. 575oo, for quick sale. 
538oo B e a u tifu l to d r iv e 1 R u b e n 
925 7191 8 to 4, eves, 694 8441___ 
‘ N O R T H W O O D P O R S C H E A U D I 
1236 N E L O O P 4<o 
_______________ 824 3714 

7o5 AUSTIN 

75 J E N S E N H E A L E Y S p o rts c ar convertible, air. tope deck. 15,ooo r n ^ S S m j C e r r v J M e M U m 

7o6 BMW 

73 B M W 7oo2, Air, auto . carefully m a in ta in e d e .c e lle n t c o n d itio n . 
»5, 195 D r 
Y o u n g. ftVSV/.’t e v e s. 
I? 32o3 d ays 
73 B M W 7oo2, air, auto carefu lly m a in ta in e d e x c e lle n t c o n d itio n . 
SS.IV', D r 
Y o u n g . 6V5 91.U e v e s ll ? 32o7 (Joy 
1974 B M W 7oo7. E X C E L L E N T 
C O N D IT IO N 
A ir. A M F M , 555oo 
C A L L 878 8967_______________________ 
BMW 32oi. 53oi, 63oCS1 
Coll 
D a v id W einberg, 732 7171 

7o7 CAPRI 

19/4 C A P R I 7 door 57695 
_______ A sh F o r O V 433 1465______ 
•74 
L a u d e d ' s.'/V u iso 67 
VW S4V5 6VQ l l ? ) 
____________ 
1974 C a p ri L o a d e d 
L ow m ile a g e 
Exce llen t condition 655 2335 
__ 
74 C A P R I 2 OL, auto, air, low mi 
Best otter 658 M IS 
'7? C A P R I ru ns ve ry good 
661 3oo4 641 4741 
72 C A P R I R u n s v e ry qood 5695 
661 3oo4 661 4741 
7} C A P R I V 6 4 speed. 41)oo C ash 
Auto Fo ir 435 1641 

7o8 CORVETTE 

74 C O R V I; TTfc, 
A u la , whit* Aith f CKI interior P ow er w indow s 8,ooo 
'7 2 1 2 
73 C O R B E T T ? . luw nu»*oo© T too 
Mivb. auto om tm ro d to, tot. ii. tilt i k 'r r l i i o , o rigin a l low m ileage, t** 
( client < a nd it ion O w n e r 
A lo n zo 
17? eves 

 t at pi 
U H VT T TI 
Lik e New ' t (MiSr Agio. 

'74 C O R V t TTF w ell t a i cit for 
^ u st soti ib/jQ hBi QVZS att o 
75 OOO VU I I 
' t ( or v«*M. 
| s»vi 7) 

7o9 DATSUN 

74 D A T S U N 61o 
A ir , A M F M 
4 speed E xcellent. P riv a te ow ner 
Take up p o y m e n ls 684 8335 
77 Dill ut 
I *oo 
IJH 
I . > Lu n e ■U n iv e rsa l City T X 
D A T S U N 
B R Y S O N A U T O C E N T E R 
143o P A T B O O K E R 
U N IV E R S A L C IT Y 658 6771 
1977 D a tsu n 12oo Cue 4oo m iles on 
• •■built e n g in e 
E x c e ll e n t 
5 15oo 6*o 8517 atter 6 p m 
T97o D A T S U N ‘lip . Ilu c i 
/til 

72 Out un SIO I Ut Station A u g u r 
51 TVs I J?o TWH. V2.I 2575 
7o Out sun 7 dr will sue r d u e m ust til Coll G o u t 971 7 jyI 
74 D A I S U N Station W a go n 
I is < 
"• w 
A uto. u n 
33 8oo im 
4/6oo it.' ’ utter 1 p M on w eekday . 

74 D A T S U N 76o? m a g s ste re i 
'clue d is k law nu utter 5 OSS OS?/ 
76 D A T S U N TTHI 
7 ♦ / 
S ilv e r 
Block 
L united 
L B 
655 77o3 
O 

71 D A I S U N 
I M 
C B 
C o s 
’ IU I 
I 

Be st Oriel 

'4 D A T S U N 26o I 4 sp e e d a ir 
A M F M stereo, low m ile a g e 
P e r t e d c o n d itio n G o o d b u y a n d in vestm ent* 549oo 826 53o1; 696 53o4 
M u st sa c rific e T r a n s fe r r e d o v e r se a s 
1976, 7*o I E x ce lle n t, m a n u al. a ir 
A M F m 8 t r a c k low m ilegge 342 1o67 

Z I im 

F IA T 
178 
I . n u 

1974 FIAT 124 Spoil Cpi 
5 speed transm ission, With am con cottoning 28 8(1o m iles 
42994 
J A M IS O N M il s Seguin. 723 43oIB 

 l l Plymouth Fury III 
4 door 
V I. auto a ir aria p o w e r l 
42,ooo m iles 
41694 
J A M IS O N M t r i Seguin 273 >3o1 
Toe* 84o s p i d e r "f i a t " n e T o s 
W O R K C A L L 826 8598 
H 

T IL * JAGUAR 

64 J a g u a r C o u p e 
S ilv e r , w ir i wheels beautiful! 54oUQ. 34? 5764 
1S74 JAGUAR XJ1?l 
Low m ileage, like newt B y owner 
M r E ld e r 
494 34o1 
71 
J A G U A R 
X J s t 6 a N 
H in d e rs, lo a d e d E x c e p t io n a lly w m n e um utter '41 hi ive i v y f'llT"" 
V't I 
!... '"UJw 
FO N K Of A 
I N O 1 It J a gu a r X 'J?. door h a rd to p 
IO c o a ts of H a n d 
1 jilted c a n d y fire re d A c c e n te d 
Witti I undy auld Fully loaded E x tra lean! 
UOrttpti p igs t o r 
417,SOU 

--------------------------------- 

714 
B W P 

'V QUO nu 5165 
_____ 
71 M A Z D A C O U P E 
Autom atic Ira n tm. titan, radio, a ir conditioned .......... 
51*o1 
T O M B E N S O N IM P O R T S 
76oo S A N P E D R O 
341 

 o o t o ^ u T T g p e , 
38 *74 
I 
J U L 

I. a ir 
S IM S 

H W 

N O R T H W O O D P O R S C H E -A U D I 
A N N O U N C E S THE F IN A L 
CLEA RAN CE OF I O R E M A IN IN G 
1 9 7 6 A U D I F O X E S IN ST O C K 

Are 

Presently 
Installed Accessor! 
FREE 

7o? 726 H U B G *SPBBTSCWIS 
7o2 72G-HIKIG8 S W IM I I S 
7o27?6 f ORf iCRSPOBTSCARS 

ROD EAST VOLKSWAGEN ® 

N O BETTER CAR.. N O BETTER PLACE TO BUY... 

14 o2 N E L O O P 4 1 o exit a m ia COfcDOC us IO I 
8 / 8-12o1 

• NEW CAR • 

W hen You Buy a N ew 
V W From Rod East You 
Get More. . . 

*Ask About the 3 Year or 
5o,ooo 
Mile w ar­ ranty * 

MODEL 17o1 
A SUPER 
BUY AT ’3684 

 e USED CAR e 

,67VW 3r‘"*r, ..$ 695 
’72 VW automatic.. . . ....’1795 
’75 VW S 
E 
‘2795 

* 1 A W IA / Convertible, 
A M - 
/ ■f Y 
WW 
IM radio, extra ‘2995 

’73 VW radio, standard... ‘2395 

* T C L A A ! Sdrroco, oir, AM - 
/ J V l f FM radio, stan- 
‘3995 

’ 7 i i I A 
H 
A**' automatic, 
74 ™ 
..ft ..I***4295 
’74 VW sxqoc and oioctric refrigerator 
“ 7 7 J 

Each Car Is Equipped Differently, But 
Ail Are Air Conditioned. 
NORTHWOOD PORSCHE-AUDI 
1326 N.E. Loop 41o 
824-3214 

1977 VO LKSW AGENS 
& HONDAS 
O N SALE AT 

OFF P.O.E. 
PRICE* 

•All VW t A Hondas rn stock, or ordorod before 
January 26, 1977 
(exclueing the 
Hondo Accord and 17o1 
VW Rabbit). 

All 1977 VW s hove fuel injection engine, run on regular gas and have no catalytic converter. Choose from a large selection of all models. 

WWWW U SED C A R S P E C IA L S WWWW 

I? MONTH O I 17,ooo MIU MECHANICAL INSUIANU ATAIIAIU ON MOST USED 
(A IS HO M M oToIS I NS UK ANC I COIF 

74 PORSCHE 914 condition, AM-IM slarea *5595 

 r e x m o n Ma**m k Grabber rod and white, VI, 
» “ * V K I / automan*, ait conditioned, power Deer mg. power brokes, dean 
’76 CMC VAN 
... 
77 MONTI CARIO LANDAU 5S!S. 
»myl lop, V-A, automatic trontam iren, power iteenno, pewee brakes, air conditioned, radio, white iidewoNi. 8ooo nu le i ....................................... 
76 VW VAN u K S X 
* 
75 SCIROCCO COUPf J.,’ tionod, AM/fM stereo, low mileage ......................... 
75 (A GRANDE BUG I X r J J u T dig, still in w a rranty.......................................................... 
74 TOYOTA COROILA S S V S x 4 
74 (OVE BUG LTnK2,.’ST .4'T“ * 
73 VW CAMPMOBIU S U X * , 5i 
(I in tto c b ).................... ....................................... 
72 SQUAREBACK VW X 
“S; rock, $2,ooo anlet ............................................ 
.7 . 

*2995 
*4195 

*6295 
*5295 

*3895 

*2795 
*2295 
‘2595 

*3995 

‘ 1995 

A U T O l l A I S V W 
DOO $.f. Military Or. (Neat to Mission Chevrolet) 
« . > ! %« r n 
% \ i I m 
. t i l t I ’S N I H 
S M 
I n j i - t s . T i t s 

I JANUARY SPECIALS I 

J I ' M V V 
' 

$ 4 o o 
CASH FACTORY 
REBATE 
On ALL NEW 
OPELS 
In Stock 
GM’s Top performer with top economy 

SPIRES-DOUGLAS BUICK 
5o1 BROADWAY 
CHARLES ORSINGER BUICK 
45oo SAN PEDRO 

Mag Wheats 

74 TR-6 
*235 

I ' ’ <£^„ . . '4395 

J 7 5 “ GE r i4395 

■ 7 4 J J S 8 
‘ 3 4 9 5 
■ 71 VW rn. ‘ 1295 
I 72 Spitfire. *1595 
I Alamo Sports 
I 
Cars 
I 
3111 Broadway 
I 
828-5511 
I 

, 
.................... s 

714 MAZDA 

71 M A Z D A R X J new engine, Mi- c h e lm s 
L e t s th a n 39.ooo m i en 
•rome 227*1o1 
73 M A Z D A 4-ipeed. va ry nice, 54*5 
226 o291 
74 M A Z D A S P O R T C ou p e R isto n engine HOM) 69o I IJJ 
74 M A Z D A 
Statio n W a go n P u t o n engine, a u ­ tomatic tran sm issio n, radio 
525*5 
T O M B E N S O N IM P O R T S 
*4oo S A N P E D R O 
341 1354 
/ S R X 4 
>33*4 
4-door. 4 sp e e d rad io, a ir c o n d i­ tioned Blue velour interior 
T O M B E N S O N IM P O R T S 
94oo S A N P E D R O 
341 1356 

715 MERCEDES BINZ 

 rex* M t R C f c D E S B E N Z 
25o S L 
Coupe white with red oftener, air. standard, excellent condition thru- nut V?4 1111 or 364 3352 E v e 
7? M E R C E D E S B E N I 31o S E 4.5 t u l ip d ea n, coll 736 2243 
M E R C E D E S B E N Z 45o $ L C oup e 
Roadster 
IV / 1 M eiotic beige b o m i boo It-aWker interior 
All optio n s l| owner all re c o rd s a v a ila b le canadian. Cpi p u s C hi i>ti, I 85/ 13I i 
4/ M t r c t d e s 2ooD All o rigin a l. 2 motor v 2 fcnockv 12i4 A u stin Hw y 

77 M E R C E D E * 3oo CT L o o d e d 'l 
SIOOO Oft LISI SI/ 367 437] 
71 M I H i I I n ' 
O w n e r e x c e lle n t c o n d itio r 
M ilea ge 
4V4 6541 after c w eekends 
M e rc e d e s 72 , 38o S t 
I 6 Lboded 
M int c on ation S6V5Q Z?6 1/o) 
M E R C E D E S 71 25o, 4 speed 
Air, o m tm im m aculate. 451 44o* 
M IS S IO N C IT Y IM P O R T S 
M E R C E D E S B E N Z Sates Se rvice 
342o S A N P E D R O 
734 2243 

716-MG 

B Y O W N E R 
7 $ M O B . Im m a c u la t e , c u s t o m 
H a r d to p 
L o w m ile a g e 
S4 4 9 S ge H a y s 2?5 2»?6 ftVft 8488 
8 6 
M O B 7o E x tra i leon, all ext 
714 7Q51 ask tor Steve 
1*7} M C M id g e t E x c e lle n t condi hon Sloop o24 157o, 823 IJ H 
75 M G M id e o t 
L ik o new , sacrifice 474 8o43 

717 OPEL 

68 O P E L C A D E T G ood condition 
56oo Coll 644-6676 
'76 O P E L e x tru low m ile a g e a ir auto loaded E x tra mea. M u st soil 
658 6*91 

71 O P E L G T a u to, n ew pginT, louped 53ooo 344 SUHY B i 
1*73 Ooei M anta, ru n s or eof, 

718 PORSCHE 

74 P O R S C H E *14, (2 OI 
A M F M , 
C B 8 track 
2 OOO m i on new eng a n d tro n s , low o rig m ile s 
N e w point Call 824 2845 Otter 4 p m 

 m TOYOTA 

Cetica 72, air mog6, P M cosset*. 
M o n y e x t r a s 
N e e d s m in o r B o d y w ork P u c e negutiubix 344 o*18 

E X C E L L E N T V A L U E ! 
/ T t o y o t a c o r o n a d e l u x e 
34,ooo actual m ile s G oo d ru b b e r 
C o m p le te s e r v ic e h is to ry 
R a d io , a ir SISCO 656 1797 

V ; 

I 

 mw* 

.MUST SELL 
THIS w e e k to m a k e 
FOR LAROE 
H v m 
Wmmek W W mm a SOME ’76’s LEFT WITH A 
INVENTORY OF ’77 MODELS 
CHANCE OF A LIFETIME 
FOR GREAT 
ALAMO 

T lO lY lO lT lA 
514 N.E. LOOP 41o 
828-o723 

1976 HONDA 
STATION WAGON 

$ 3 , 4 9 9 * 

*Plus tax, title and license 
• Limited Availability • 

EPA MILEAGE 
ESTIMATE 

HWY: 37 

CITY: 26 

RUNS ON 

REGULAR 

GAS 

’72 DODGE COLT 

Wotjon, outo ait .. $1275. 

74 CEIICA 

Air Conditioned 
$235o. 

75 COROLLA WAGON, air, 4-speed, AM-FM stereo with tope ^ 

 deck 
$245o. 

73 CORONA 

Station wagon 
$195o. 

TOYOTA 
OF SEGUIN 
224-4183 

7o2 726-fOREIGN-SPORTSCARS 
7o2 726-FoRE1GNSPQRTSCABS 

W I 
WON THE SUPER 
B O W L ! 

SAN A N TO N IO ’S LARGEST 
VOLUME IMPORT DEALER 
DREYER TOYOTA 
SOLD OVER 1,ooo 
NEW TOYOTAS IN 1976 
SUPER BOWL 
SELL-O UT 
SALE 
-E X T E N D E D - 
THRU 
SATURDAY, JANUARY 15 
COROLLAS 
CORONAS 
CELICAS 
PICK-UPS 
LAND CRUISES 
CHINOOKS 
SALE LIMITED TO OVER 13o 
NEW *77 UNITS IN STOCKI 

'l f D K E V E R Bi 
TOYOTA 
3834 FREDERICKSBURG 
736-4471 

722 TOYOTA 

 i r s A SM ALL CAR W O RLD AT 
TOM BENSON 
IMPORTS 
95oo SAN PEDRO 
341-1356 

•72 Toyota Celled G ood condition. 
B orooin. 828 o249 
______________ 
'72 T O Y O T A C E L IC A 
R e a l clean 
5185o 695 3291___________________ 

7 4 T O Y O T A C O R O N A 
2 door 
H A R D T O P autom atic tra n sm issio n 
42595 
T O M B E N S O N IM P O R T S 
»4PP S A N P E D R O ________ 341 1356 
'7 4 T o y o t a C o r o lla J dt 
M u s t 
Sacrifice, toke over p aym en t*, call 
I so o t 924 /351 
79 T O Y O T A C o ro n a 
R a d io , a ir, sta n d , g o o d l i r a s 
N a a d s s o m a re p a ir 55oo or bast ottar 684-o317 ofter 5 JO 
7 4 T O Y O T A C o ro n o A ir. A M P M stereo, auto , 4-dr V in y l roof, now tues 526oo 49o-1294 

WE W O N THE 
SUPER 
\ 
BOWL 

’74 DATSUN 26o-Z Air, AM-FM radio, only 34,ooo miles, ilk# new. .*5395 
'73 FORD LTD Brougham hardtop, automatic, air, pewter steering, stereo, eely IS,OOO miles . . 2795 
'73 PONTIAC Greed Frix, automatic, air, pewter «tao rieg. ria roe, eke................. 2895 
’66 PONTIAC Automatic, oir, liko now * 495 
'65 VW 
* 495 
’73 V W tus, 7-passenger, only . . . . .*2793 
'76 COROLLA Only 11,ooo miles 
*2695 
*69 RAMBLER American, only ........* 195 
‘65 VO LKSW AG EN.....................* 493 
'7o IMPALA Hardtop................... * 495 
’71 PONTIAC LoMens Caupo....................* 895 
’72 DUSTER............................... * 993 
'72 COROLLA Caupo................... *1o95 
’72 CORONA 2-door................... *1393 
•74 SUBARU Coupe....................................*1 593 
'72 COROLLA Wagon................. *1 595 
’71 CORONA Caupo, mea.............*1595 
’75 PINTO 
W a g o n ...................................... *1895 

'St Toyota Coroner 54 OOO ml., 58oo or bast otter n/1 9 , ii_______________ 
72 T O Y O T A C O R O L L A 16oo Soort 
Coupe Std , factory arr, below book 
SI SOO firm. 
494 5964 e ves and w eekends 
•75 T O Y O T A C oroun D e lu xe 2 door outo, radio 52/oo IJJ 6388 
’73 T O Y O T A 2 dr hi 
F a c to ry air am tm stereo 5)495 / 14 2o54 
"/I T o V o f A v a n B r u i s e r Con v o rtib te H a rd to p 
4 w h e el d riv e , 
W a r r e n H u b s. W r e n c h . C u s t o m 
R o ck 52895 828 ??5 I or 822 526/ 
T i T O Y O T A with 74 engine. SSVS 
SSI 3oo4 661 4741 

723 TRIUMPH 

'75 T rium p h Spitfire. 436oo 
696-5911 e ven in gs 
'74 T riu m p h TR 7 Air. stereo tape, low m ile s 
V a r y m e at B e fo re 5 
IIT o267 ofter 4 822 TOH 
1964 T R IU M P H TR4. 4375 OO C A H 
653 1o19 or 656 SO IO 
'7o TR 6 New radials, h ea d e rs ex haust syste m 36,ooo m l needs eng 

724 Vo1KSWA6EW 

C u sto m D u n * B u g g y w ith c a n o o v top and m a g s I of a kin d 724 6956 
I SELL VWS BMWs Subarus 
C A L L 
P A T _______________ 732 7121 
K A R M A N G H IA , 72 new point, low mi 517oo firm, 673-1713 e ves 
It / l K o r m o n n G h ia 
N e e d s b o d y w ork Stoa 69o 8517 atter 4 

M N 4 M 
- O W 

W a g o n . 
S LAW ,ESI 

M E T R IC M A S T E R , 124 7427 
VW Engine Overhaul VW 

KST M IU MK IMPORT DK M K H ] 
$185. lilt I V U t 

6 M o n Hr 
6,ooo AAi. W a rra n ty 
■ S E R V IC E A N D E E P A i R ■ 
N O R T H L O O P V O L K S W A G E N 
732-7121 
4623 F re d e ric k sb u rg R d 

 a i h o l . 

‘7 i S u p e r b e e t l e seooo m ites ra d io , a ir 
418oo o r b e s t o tte r 
6/5 2816 att Ip rn 
71 S U P E R B E E T L E C u slom iie d . oir. radials, A M F M stereo, radio 
673 114o 

Ss P O R S C H E t i l E 
>3714 ceti 9 M /7BI 
72 P O R S C H E t i l T A R 6 A new en 
< tuned Futellent <on<ji tit,*;’ r ' * - leave fun ne ut id number 

• T T T T T 7 T 7 7 T T 7 T T 
- 
— Bim r. 
- w 
— x x x 
* 

I 

 a 

I 

L U 
N 
* w 
I M 
" B 
P 
I C 
I A 
L 5 " 
7 3 KARMANN GHIA $ » . * 3 n k / 1 r . 1 6 7 7 
7 3 TOYOTA 
. • * ‘2 4 M 
7 2 M A V ttia 2 £ T ^ S i.t s S S * " : *. «i 795 
7 5 NOVA 
7 5 PACW f T T : .*•* .. 
74 VOiKSWAGfN 

- 
. 'U K 
71 VOiKSWAGfN 
7 3 VW HJG i X r * ’** ^ 
'7o VOiKSWAGfN 

7 6 v w 
7 4 VOiKSWAGfN 
74 
74 vw •osLasTX'^*-4 
7 4 VOiKSWAGfN 

*2*95 
•2995 
T I I I 

‘2195 
*1495 
*3795 
*2577 
.*2488 
*3995 
*2888 

Toke over paym ents on 74 VW No equity Coll 
824 o911 osk tor Prod after 7 -m 
7757 
I 
76 V o lk s w a g e n , a ir 
A M F M I frock Fuel injection >374o 658-9845 
VOLKSWAGEN 
P u r ls Ser vice Curs 
455 I IJ I 
71 V olksw agen. 4vvi 
141 ?o i9 
71 VW 4H 
Air good cond Save s gas! 515oo 432 5733, 735 o4)1 
74 VW, air, radio iqcJiuis, vt m ast sell 433 3487 
I t l l V W B E E T L E 
F A I R C O N t)i 
TJON, 58oo I 772 Jo79 
J JO/ 
71 V W B B B T L E 
L l b lu t, H IW tires, dual exlroclert, 
11ooo a im 
74 V W B E E l i 6 
N ic e 1 "Vinyl lop 
> g s l Offer 337 415o 
'61 VW Beetle, sunroof 
~ 
56oo or best Offer 434 4464 
*49 V W B U G - air autom ate 
494 5896 otter Sp.in 
69 VW B U G Air. ladle. *■ sod 4495 
344 1958 after / p m 

74 Cetic a G T A M F M oir, 5 speed, lug rack 
Low m ile age E x ce lle n t cond >1ooo 344 17/7 otter 6 p rn 
Lone Star Vo l k s w a g e n * 

722 H W A 

•76 C E L I C A L if t b e c k 
L o a d e d tra n sfe rre d , m ust seHt 
111 72*7; 
34*68o8 

8?4-73 I I 

722 TIVfTA 

IF YO U C A N B U Y A B E T T E R 
B U IL T S M A L L C A N TlpAN A T 

48 VW B U G . redie. healer, 5445 
F inancing o voilubi r 214-441o 
7 1 V W B U G * r u n * g r e e t 47*5 eel M IM , eel 4741 

7 * V W 
C am p e r P u p Top. rebuilt engine, C A L L 494 5896 tit! 5 
71 VW C am p e r Van 
E x t ra nice 
L o a d e d 
52275, c o n s id e r t r o d * 
816-6788, 4*4 1724 

D R E Y E R T O Y O T A 
B U Y IT 

7 # V W C am p m otM le go o d m otor lair body m ony e xtra s 658 5163 
61 V W , c h ro m e w h e e ls 
A M F M 
Holley c u rb 73V-328J 

FIRST OF THE YEAR SALI 

1 1972 PANTERA 
..". *1o#5oo | 

72 PLYMOUTH pwxeoc, air, xiikxneSc^lT'. *1795 
72 FORD rrr:. *: 
’•:°°° *2695 
76 PORSCHE 914 IT S;«UE^u3*r: lfiloc 
W A * ... *6 *o 8 ... N O W ................................ 
*81 95 
7 i 
S£.r:.»i895 
73 BUICK W.'.-V^-Kow 
* .. *2195 

•TA n i n e CwHoxx Sxyramx. xxtW M tk, power 
/ *8 U U / ) and 
(dr, stereo, becket teat,. 
3 ^ o o o ixHxi ... W A S ... *3 66 9 ... * 3 3 9 5 

75 FORD 
—Hem eHe, paw er 1 
1 tape, only 13,ooo 
.. 8 66*9 ... N O W . . 
76 LINCOLN 
I CB ... W A * ... 9 *495 
73 AUD! 57*,* 
WAS 
. NOW. 

*42951 

*7795 
*2895! 

© USED CARS 
• SPECIALS • 
’7 o O M L CT, 36,ooo Mile*................................ 
’73 SUBARU, dean........................................ 
’7 o AUDI, 4-deer taken.................................... 
’71 V W VAN , 9-gei anger.............................. 
7 4 SUPER BEETLE........................................ 
’71 V W B U G ............................................... 
’76 SUBARU, still in warranty........................ 
’7 3 RABBIT, 2-doer yeNew................................ 
’75 RABBIT, 2S/Joo mile*, air, AM-fM................. . 
’75 V W DASHER Station wagon........................ 
’76 RABBIT, automatic, air, tike new, 1o,ooo miles___ 
•74 B M W 2oo2, air, AM-FM stereo ................... 
’73 V W BUS, 9-passanger, air, radio.................... 

— lf you d o n 't s t * us be fo re you buy... 
Y ou C ou ld P a y Too M uch 

.. $1 SBB 
.$1 78 8 
.$ 1 8 7 o 
.$ 1 88 8 
.$ 2 1 6 7 
..$ 1 3 9 $ 
,.$2577 
..$2862 
..$318$ 

■ • $3794. 
.. $ 398© 
.. $6o44* 
.$ 3 2 B t 
O 

N O R T H L O O P V O L K S W A G E N 
A<ro$$ From W o n d e r fu n d a t f t e d e r i t k s b u rq Rd * 
7 3 2 - 7 1 21 S a le * A S e rv ic e 

 kMAA J j s I o o o oo„*; 

O N A N Y 
F IA T M O D E L 1 3 1 

•MANUFACTURER’S REBATE * 4 o o 
DEALER DISCOUNT 
* 6 o o 

TOTAL DISCOUNT TO YOU . *1 O O O o* 
ALSO . . . 

7 6 LANGAS & FIAT 128’S 

A T 
I N V E N T O R Y CO ST! 
•THE M U B OB SMOOTS CAR A C T IV IT Y ” 
M O T O R IM P O R T S 
1 8 2 o B R O A D W A Y 
2 2 2 -9 1 2 1 

 r 

^ 
DODGE COLTS ^ 

• 3 1 5 o 
% 

E X P R E S S -M E W S M M I S X B S 

73t-7U -U TM M ILiS 

• • • 

2 LINES $ 

I O 
DAYS 
7 

2 
2 
5 
- 1 
6 
6 
6 
WITHOUT 
RATE CHANGE 
QUICK RESULTS! 

/3o-743-AUToMoBILES 
73o74348TBM9BIIES 
73o-743-AKTOMOBiltS 
73o^743 AUTOMOBILES 
73o 743 AUTOMOBILES 
73o^743 AUTOMOBILES 
73o-7434lfTQMoBILES 

NEW—ALSO AN ADDITIONAL REBATE OF $2oo 
ON LUV TRUCKS AND MONZA TOWNE COUPES. 
1977 CHEVETTE 

EXAMPLE OF 
OUR LOW 
PRICES. 

 rn rn rn 

 rn rn rn 

 rn rn rn rn rn rn rn rn rn rn rn rn 

E.P.A. 
31 MPG-Cit'y/"43 MPG-Hwy. tinted glass, body side molding, 
1.6 Litre engine, automatic transmission, wheel trim rings, Whiteside wall tires, radio. 

STK. # 9 7 2 
$3636 
$ 2 o o REBATE 
1977 MONZA 
Towne Coupe 
E.P.A. 
24 MPG— City/33 MPG— Hwy. 

»*★★★★★★★★★★★★★★★★★★* RARA 

 it You will receive a check for $2oo from Chevrolet, lf * 
J you wish, this can be applied toward your down J 
* payment. So hurry in and take advantage of this * 
* money-saving opportunity while our selection is * 

* good. 
* 

1977 VEGA 
E.P.A. 
24 MPG— City/33 MPG— Hwy. 

E.P.A. 
23 MPG— City/33 M P G -H w y. 

Chevrolet 

SAVE SSI'’ I OOO 
ON OUR 
QUALITY USED CARS 

’72 CUTLASS was$2595.,.. now *2195 
I 72 PONTIAC # 7 9 5 9 a!X,WAS $ 2 7 9 5 .... now $21951 

73 VEGA it89ooA, WAS $1995. now *1595 
|7 3 LEMANS #86o2A , WAS $3195........ NOW *23951 

73 MAVERICK « 8 8 4 ia , was $2795 n o w *2195 

I 73 CAPRICE #P1o6Ay WAS $2995 n o w *22951 

73 OPEL «8724A , WAS $1995 n o w *1695 
173 MAVERICK # 8 8 5 8 , was $2795 
NOW *19951 

74 TORINO » 7 9251A, 
WAS $3195 n o w *2395 
(7 4 CAPRICE #71o3A , WAS $ 3 9 9 5 .... 
NOW *29951 

75 VALIANT #7o35A, 
WAS $3695 ... n o w *2995 

 j 75 FURY #6679A , WAS $4o95................. now *3395 j 

75 VEGA 3TP1o9, WAS $ 2 6 9 5 ..:.,;.!... n o w *2195 
175 CHEVROLET #pVop was $4795 now *42951 

75 DATSUN w a s $3395 
.. now *2695 
I 75 VOLVO #1o74AA , WAS $5495s. . . . n o w *51951 

75 CHEYENNE #uS; was$4795 now *4395 

[ 74 LUV #87ooA , WAS $299S ................... . n o w *23951 

J 73 NOVA 2tP1o3, 
WAS $2955............... n o w *2195 

You can buy Mechanical Insurance Coverage which protects against tho cost (subject to a $25 deductible) of repair and replacement of specified major parts for 12 months or 12,ooo milos, whichever cames first. In addition, car rental reimhursamant coverage can be included, a prevision you'll appreciate in tho event your vehicle is laid up at least ana night for repairs of parts covered by the policy. So coma in and lot us show you how you can sign away the cost (subject to $25 deductible) af most major mechanical repairs on a quality used carl Motors Insurance Corporation New 
Talk, I'Now York. 

SERVICE SPECIALS 

* 
' » 
■ 
A N C I R A W I N T O 

BUY, RENT OR LEASE 
N. FLORES AT MARTIN e 225 5333 

REPLACE POINTS, 
PLUGS, SET TIM IN G , 
AND ADJUST 
CARBURETOR 
CHEVROLET CARS 
ONLY 

REG. 3 9 .9 5 
NOW ONLY 

2 
4 
9 
5 

OFFER GOOD ONLY AT N. FLORES AT MARTIN 

•VALUABLE COUPON- 
-VALUABLE COUPON’ 

6 rn rn 
TUNE UP 
SPECIAL I: 

• rn rn 
# rn 

 r n 

 r n 

 r n 

 r n 

 rn rn rn rn 
• 
TUNE 
AUTOMATIC 
TRANSMISSION 

INSPECT FOR 
LEAKS, CHANGE 
FLUID, CLEAN 
FILTER, AND 
GASKETS 
CHEVROLET CARS 
ONLY. 
REG. 2 4 .9 5 
NOW ONLY 

1 
4 
” 

‘Keep That G reat GM Feeling W ith 
Genuine GM Parts” 
I ^ 

 rn 
6 

6 

 rn 

WE’RE 
DEALING 
LIKE 
CRAZY! 

Our new car inventory consists of over 3oo new 1977 cars to be sold at once. 
SPECIAL 
DISCOUNTS O N EACH AND 
EVERY CAR to be sold during the month of January to meet our factory sales objective. This incentive program will mean 
TREMENDOUS SAVINGS for you on any new car in our stock. We are fortunate to have the very latest models in all body styles. Act now 
- Any new car buyer - See us at once - Don’t be misled. 
New Plymouth Volares, Chrysler Cordobas, Plymouth 
Furys and many others! 

No Monthly INSTALLMENT UNTIL MARCH, 1977 
o. R. MITCHELL CHRYSLER-PLYMOUTH 

“ The D ealer That Tells It Like It Is” 
2 8 o o BROADW AY 
ACROSS FROM BRACKENRIDGE PARK 

L & 'O K f L O O K / L O O K / 
BARGAINS * BARGAINS * BARGAINS 
SAVE *3oo TO $8 o o DURING THIS SALE 
D E A LE R S W E L C O M E D — B R IN G Y O U R T A X N U M B E R ! 
R E M E M B E R : lf you don’t buy your car from TINDALL’S you’ll pay too much! 

LOW MILEAGE/ALMOST NEW 
'76 GRAND PRIX Arivoo only 13,ooo m tt*. . . . H i l l 
*4888 
’76 MONTI CARLO 
1,o o o m il.. 
. . JUS! ** *4888 

I "9 JL 
/*■ I Y I A ( C d 
8up«**vt«, fo lly le ttd k d , AAA/FAA B t r m h »t»r»6, 
A 
Q 
Q 
/ O 
V 
U 
I L 
A 
9 
9 v in y l to p dlrtvwA o n ly 9 OOO mH«» 
.. J U S T 
‘ ♦ 
O O O 

 t « i A T D A B B C 
JL AA fully ioad td with AM 'M A i» *r*o ta p *, tilt 
S C O O O 
/ o I K A N G M IY ! who*!, driw#** o n ly 14,ooo m ilng . , . JU ST 
D O O O 
'76 VENTURA X T . J 
S i 
‘3488 
'76 GRAND PRIX 
5ft S T L-iT-iS ." p 
. . . Hoar 
M i> , 
(r u n . tantra! 
Nit w h a .I , K a n . y - t . m 6 w k . . I«. r .lo v > 
* o / 4 o M a w 
»•«•» 
( C 
O 
A 
R driven only 1o.ooo ender PttCID E t . . . ........................ NOW J T O ° 

 l o 
, 
E I E D D A 
CJw w 
W ton 
Pickup rotlio. h a u l., p a w .) 

 o n 
. onl y I 3 .o o o £ 8 m 
’ *'*’ |USIi ^ tm ,o y .tr » * o — 
L ^ g g 

 t w o 
B 
A 
D 
R 
C e e r ie r P irfcue, r e d le , h e a te r , e h re n d W te n e d . 
9 o * 7 o o f D 
4 - i f . t i , d r iv e n o n ly 3 o ,o o o m ile . 
. . JU S T 
A f OO 
'T A r U C U D A I B T Cwtwn VS tenPkhup, r«4.. 
*3688 

*2588 

I rn HL r i l C 
U 
D 
A 
I C T 
Cuttem Vs ten Pickup. re4io, 
/ O C n t V 
K 
U 
L t l hooter, standard ISO engine yaw w n a n e Swinger, 3-doer horn top, out em otic pow er n tr r t n | 
/ H W 
A K I power broke. driven only 11,ooo m ile* . . 
LUH 

*73 GRAND PRIX 
. . N 
« 
*2988 
I V A t a n 4 | J | k D D I V 
Toby leo4oH wtth AM IM .term , 8 -trerk, 
/ *o i J 
K 
M n i l r 
K l A p o w e r w in d o w ., p o w e r m o i . p o w e r l O 
H 
O 
O 
Moor lo ch ., p e rfe c t c e n J K te e . . iU t T 
O 
O t f O 
’74 MAVERICK o r 
^ 
Ip or t Coopo. p M t M io n o w , . . JU S T 
*2288 
’74 MALIBU 
“IS .*" 
-3988 
’74 CAPRICE k M id td , (M irtgcf te n d ttie n 
. . JUST 
*2688 
’74 GREMLIN J E S S E S - ..suit 
*1388 
*3388 o o 4 , 
N A D A 
B o o k P ric e 8 1 *3 3 

’68 GRAND PRIX £ *£ *? & 
*1o88 
’71 GRAND SAFARI £ 
£ 
! 
!75ufT *1 588 
’71 LEMANS 
’72 LU XU R Y_____________ 

 i o n M 
A 
B 
I T t f t A 
4-deer, iwMy leaded. low 
/ A m w n 
I B U U 
• k t . r t c o renddien 
. 
K ilt 
’72 MONTE CARLO 

>74 CUTLASS 
S u p re m o , 3 M oor ha* A top . 
* ^ 
V 
U 
1 
M i y le a d e d . |u.) Ilha n o w . . . JUST l l T H I 
A l I F \ I 
C / * > V r e d id . h o o te r, 
I OC t o . y otr. 
A M /T M , 
4 . p o . 4 . 
/ 
M L I 1 / 1 
I 
U 
A lo w m H o o p o , N A D A B oo b P H c . * 1 1 3 1 . . . 
. 
. 
. 
. 
. 
S A V I * 9 o o . . 
N it ? 
A D OO 

I T B 
O 
R 
A 
N 
D 
P 
R 
I X 
Tully le a d e d w ith A M / f M it e r e e , p t w o r w in d o w s , p o w e r m o t ., cruise co n tro l 
1 4 o o 
o 
W I T 
........................ 
4 
4 
o 
o 
’75 TRANS AM •why le a d e d d r iv e n o n ly 3 8 .o o o a rd e r . . 
M i l t *4488 
*75 CUTLASS 
Su p r e m o V i.to C .u t te r S ta tio n W o p .w , hrlty lo o p o d w H K A M / I M tto r o o , tilt w h e e l, ( w h o co n tro l, 
. . . 
. 
. 
Hr I von o n ly 3 8 OOO m ilo t 
, , M M T ....................................................................... 
4 
Z O 
O 

 l y e 
C 
U 
T I A 
S 
S 
S u p re m e , 
3 -B o o r h o r .t o p fu lly le a d e d w ith . _ . . 
. 
' J 
V 
U 
I 
A M / f M c t . v a . t o p . p la y e r , tut* " S e n o w . . . IU»T 
4 
1 
o 
o 
I V C 
E I D 
C f t l D n f o rm u la 
I S O . ra d io , h o o te r, p o w e r 
.t e e r ln y , f W r i p e B O I K W p o w e r b ro b OC, lo tte ry a ir. io p o p io y o r . w hH • o n 
| g g 
’75 GRANADA 
*3588 
’75 GRANDVILLE 
'T£X. 
*4688 m o t., HH w h e e l, rru ice co n tro l, p o w e r d o o r lock■, c o ld n o w h y we 
M S T 

3 -d o o r ha r d t o p , to b y lo a d e d , d r iv e n o n ly 4 8 ,o o o a r d e r . . . M S T 

L e M o n t. 4 - d o o r h a r d to p , to b y 
IqmdMbdi dfmwYPSMFn enndffrinn * . . JU S I 
*1888 
*2188 
*1688 
*1888 
’72 BONNEVILLE 
‘ 1o88 ’75 SIERRA m 

 l y e 
I C M A K I L 
♦ C o u p . tuMy lo a d e d 

 f J h c n w n i th o w r o o m c o n d itio n 
. 
M S I 
’73 CHEVROLET 
S a p o r C b a y a n o . H io n P ick u p , fu b y lo a d e d 

T A O f t B i r " to n P ick u p ra d io , h e c to r, .te n d e r4 8 -c y lin d o r . e s - 
® 
U f e V l ^ c o b .n l te n d M ie n 
, , M S T 

I V 
* 
I C E D t# e g a n e a r. IwMy lo a d a d w ith 4 - w h e e l d r iv e , d r iv e n o n ly 
/ # 
J C 
C r 4 o ,o o o m ite . 
M S T 
Ty ^ FOR D to n C r o w C o b P ick u p , p e r fe c t c o n d itio n . . , 

Mb 4 S 4 e n g in e 

*3688 
*2588 
*1288 
*3588 
*3488 
*4188 
Doha 8o Coeval b b l., tally loaded, 
’73 OLDSMOBILE* 
* mirk.n o w ., mst 

T y rn A D A B u m A N I 
4-door, lady loaded with A M f M . t o r ... 

 f t i w 
H 
M r l l f P L I7 1 pp wh e al, thowroom condition . . . MST 
’73 FIREBIRD h * y loaded . . . MST ................................. .. .. 

 m n n n 
I V 
* 
Miy^ S ie rra I* to n Pichw p. to b y le a d e d w ith 4 S 4 e n g in e . i 
. n a o 
*2888 
75 '♦Wit jeer late MW... MOT 
*4288 
•2588 ’73 V IN TU«A 
- S I— 
~ 
-1988 
•2588 ’75 M ONTi CA» l <> 
’*■-*41 88 
M A N Y , M A N Y MORE FINE CARS TO CHOOSE FROM 
TINDALL and SON PONTIAC—GMC 
3 9 1 5 SAN PEDRO 
7 3 6 -1 5 6 5 

724 VBUBWAttW 

VIM ENGINES S179-5o 
ME B U U T A G U A R A N T E E D 
IN S T A L L E D 
S M O N TH S or 4 ooo M IL E S 
LAR G E STOCK U SED PARTS 
A M E R IC A N RUG C E N T E R 

W BK ____ 
71 Vt# Fiberglass Roto kit Clean, nm m a w aw s_____________ 
*41 V # G o o d C o n d itio n , S7So 
6 SO UCH Utter 'J bk Vt# Good condition $4oo cull 
*7 S IO K 
_ 
44 t/W yuod tne ch on icu l Lonclition new llegl rodtols, S62S t i / o1/S 
’7S Vt# 
L o # m , , e k C file n t cond 
RodM. OIC. S W S 1 179 *747 
S 

724 VOUBWJtfBI 

■7S Vt# R A B B IT Auto . 2 door am tm , I i . OOO m i, L ik e new 
S295o 
648 16oi w eekends, ii6 J i l t week 
P o w O^k tor I ony_______________ 
197$ V # Rubbit Deioke 
A lf 
A M 
I M cassette 
S7V6o 628 18o4 Otter 
SPM 
49 V t# S a u o re b o c k , a u to c le a n 
S9S8 699 t* 4V 
73 V t# S a u o re b o c k 
E c c e lle n t cond . aute , a ir, IS.OOO mites $259o 
I28 4SSS otter 4 
__________ 
71 V # S au o reb o ck 
S tand , a ir , 
SI JVS Co" 481 >977___________ 
48 Vt# S a o a r tn o tk good shape 
1/9$ 
Atter i JO and weekends. 
664 2o6o i i Vt#, standard Air am tm , sun root, fuel infection 82SOO 4*4 2 4 lf eves, weekends 

IU WKIWMER 

1*74 Vt# S U P E R B f F T I F AM EM 
Stereo, 8 tra c k , S tan d ard , a ir, 
D e lu x e in te rio r 
3o ooo m ites S25So 
696 3477 
71 Vt# Super Beebe O rono*. Auto stick. Bood cond 496 8833 
74 Vt# T H IN G 
Under IS,99o m i. rot) bar, w ired for wench 
Radio, new tire s , n e ve r used o il ro a d t249S 434 841 

48 Vt# w agon 
C le a n io n s te a l good' SS9$ i i i ) Cu'ep) o 

7?S VOLVO 

44 V O L V O 
A l consition, stand 
I*SO C oll 
4S4 3937 
1973 Volvo 141 J door, auto and air 
E k c e lle n t lo n e 
Low n il 
A skin g 
13.19$. but must se" this weekend 
Ca" W ayne. 494 S884 

725 VOLVO 

S7oo 
78 VO LVO 4 spa , runs good or bds! Otter 341 USO I______________ 
•7 4 V 6 L V o ..................... . 
142 S ta n d ard , a ir , a m P M rad io 
$8.ooo ml SjSOO 49? I TOSj 
7? VO LVO t#agon Eccellent c o n j, a u te , a ir low m iie a a e 
I owner 
SHOO 4S4 oS84 rn MISCH LMKOUS MIIOS 

BAD CREDIT? 
I G U A R A N T E E there is a way 
I CAN sell you a CAR 
CALL PRA N K 
PJWTS Used Cars 
39o2 S F L O R E S 
$32 $421 

726 kHSCEiUURHS AUTOS 

OVERSTOCKED!! 
7S NAT IM , bb, stereo 
75 IMUMFN 11-4, Overdrive 
74 MHK IDU TRO (m r# real 
74 MRCn»i5 4SOR-trad 
71 « H K tM 5 TSO, 4-deer 
74'/» (ROO GI m . iteree 
74 RAI IT4 Vayder • (ll 
7 1 IMNMFN OIA, Overdrive 
7$ m Mtdyet, stama 
74 RAI I i * tfarts caaM, aa 
Muny adlet makes moo.Ii cheese hem 
ROMNSON'! Sports U n i f r n - 1 
U K B O A M A I r n 

SS C O R V A IR , Rebuilt B nftne S43S 
CALL 
323 *431 
_______________ 

J A V E L IN . 
73 
B ro w n too a ir , radial tires, low m ileage Very good cond $24SU 226 oo4# 

'74 LOTUS Euroga Special am Im 
$ speed, rodio. oir, 734 9slV 
I97e N O V A 
4 door aula AM I M 
$3*oo 734 1221 or 733 VI6/ 
P A N T E R A , 1*71 
S H ,o9o 
C A L I 
824 3228. M IW Ie Spm____________ 
43 P O R S C H ! 
I $6 C 
B lo c . good anddion air Atter 6, 14? 71 IO 
VO R E N A U L T RIO Sedan anom al 
S49S 732 344?_______________________ 
7S V E G A H a tc h b a c k 
AfrV A M . 
Stand 4 speed 12399 M I 2*89 uflvr sp rn 

T i l - M B 
121o*. 

71 AMO Am bassador tNaean 
VS. power, a ir, CR. AM radio, towing p a c k a g e 
P L U S 197$ S cotty IS' 
Travel Trader 
Sleeps 4, carpeted, perto polly. electric bra ke s Both in excellent condition Will consider soiling sopor ole! y s*4 3781 
7$ AMC P A CER 
E x ira low miles, e x c e lle n t c o n d itio n . a ir 
$299$ 
223 l474; eA 4-4M f 
I TS A M C P A C E R X , s ta n d a r d ii ansmissien. a ir 
S24oo 
Jim 
PPI 4511 

73 G R I M i IN. a ir, 3 speed, excel lent m echanically, $149$ 21* o2*1 
G R E M L IN . '74 4 au to m a tic, a ir, 
Clean SIS9S 344 3/29 

I i o ca m I mi sacrifice this 
I 227 /S II 

6 c y T7 repo s ld , 
C ull m u s t 
K eith 

'74 G r e m lin , 4 c y t, sic!, m u s t soc rib t e 
Ibis repa 
Co" 
Keith 
SLffl'. 

?3I HMC 

[ - o* R A M B l I R A m e n u n 
G< 
I conokbon 
S4oo 
Must sell Movn 
661 ',42V 
'74 h o rn e t 4 dr a u la . 6 > yi 
Sot ritice, toke aver paym ent* 
John 227 /S I I 
74 M atador Stcjtionwugon a n d cur 
V e ry taw m ile a g 
Jerry 
227 7S II 
Most sal 
Sac rib ie 

24 MO 
O L D G ra y it) OOO nu 
^4 
A M C V 8 D I. Spot I uooul 
P a w e r steering ana brakes un cond 
2? gal tank ht-eiyy duty conk und * ail go lifts, ait cooter Perelin. C D Ign 
C ibm ms, S2SUo Fomtiyiess a Jon 
D ivorce com pltfes Hotrod la te 
Jon Atter lpm e.-6 /#«/ 

 i* 4 * R A M S T f R A M M ASS A D cTr 
ST A TIO N A A o O N 
AutuinuMci o*r, ( 
I MO 6W J /v; 

732 BUICK 

74 B U IC K C E N TU M V 
LO A D E D * 
3319$ 
I 
TOM B ENSO N IM P O R TS 
94o9 SAN P E D R O 
141 I3S4 
73 d u i7 K C E N H JR y f « c lic it r audition Only •« OOO nines Must 
Sen' 9 6p in IT I 2/o6 

7$ BUICK E L E C T R A 77$ L IM ! r f O 
4 DR M T Am bn sun eo tap* ch . » cruise control OO 4o power cai', tnt wheel, vinyl low radials, etc 
Only 
27,o(1o actual m iles' This C ar is ab solute'V like newt Must Sell' SSsjO 
8249o$ I. 

San Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— Saturday January 15 1977 
7$-743-AUTOMOBILES 
73B743IOTPIE8 

738-743 AtrT81UIo8ILES m i w m r n m m m m m m 
73o-743-AUTOW8MS 

T h e C u r t a i n s A r e O p e n 
FOR ALL THE NEW 1977 MODELS IN STOCK 

B O T H S H O W R O O M S ! 
UPPER AND LOWER LEVELS . . . 

'77 COMET 
4 Or., autom atic, air 
& m o r e 
S t o c k 
# 2 7 o o 5 
*4595 

'77 COUGAR 
*5295 
Air, automatic, pow ­ er, »tk. • 37o4o. 

M 
R 
* 

Stock 
# 1 6 o o 4 

' 7 7 JVIO N ARCH 
*4195 

4 Dr. 
Stock # 8 7 o 2 7 

I 
'77 MARK V 
The Largest 
, 
4BfSelection 
I in the Southwest... 

'77 LINCOLN 
Take a 
Test Drive! 

NORTH PARK 
USED CAR 
SPECIALS 
4 

4 3 ,9 2 2 W lt lS 
’7 5 M ERCU RY 

G ra n d 
M arq uis, 
2 -d o or, w h ite on w h ite, all p o w e r, stereo tape.. 

'76 
C A PR I 

* 4 8 9 o 

39,278 miles 
*75 MERCURY 
M ontego 
M X , 
4-door, automatic, pow er steer­ ing, power Drakes, air. 

* 2 9 9 o 

,1 
7,1 5 4 m ile s 
< 
’7 6 M ER C U R Y 
C o m e t, 4 -d o p r, 6 -c y lin d ­ er, autom atic, p o w e r stee rin g , p o w e r brake*, 
* a ir, M uck v in yl ro o f 

: 
* 3 6 9 o 

26,742 milos 
*76 CAPRI 

2-door, 
4-speed, 
V-6,| air, A M /F M tape. 

 r ” 
T n a r a s r — 
*76 MERCURY 
Marquis 
Station 
Wayan, 
IO- passenger, automatic, pawn 
I stowing, p a s t kraitas, ait, 
I AM/fMtope. 

* 5 2 9 o 

49,1 o4 m iles 
# 
’7 3 M ERCU RY 

M a rq u is, 
4 -d o o r, b lue, 
* a u tom a tic, p o w e r ste e r- 
* ing, p o w e r b rak es, air 
* 

* 2 9 9 o 

3 1 ,8 2 3 m iles 
’7 5 LINCOLN 
Continental, 4-door, loather in terior, medium biwa matallic, 

 dark biwa vinyl top, dark biwa in- tariar, excellent condition 

2 2 9 o 

7,416 miles 
*76 MERCURY 
C oaist, 4 door, white, doric biwa vinyl root, V4, automatic, pawer stooting, power brab as, air. 

* 3 8 5 o 

3 5 ,4 9 6 m iles 
’7 6 LINCOLN 
• , 

Continental, 
2 doc, 
Coupe, on* 

 ownar highway driven lincoln, parlort running condition, loaded, * dark biwa metallic, silvar 
Mw* 
* 

 vinyl r o o l . ( . e e e 
- a 
* 6 9 9 o 

33,452 miles 
*75 MARK VI 
Black with black leather interior, ane owner, freshly traded. 

T h e S t a n d a r d b y W h ic h 
Luxury Cars Are Judged! 

■v a i* 
■ 

■■■■ - ■ 
- 
!V> 
H ;"- 
, '' > ' 
- 
,,, 
, . 

* 6 9 9 o 

24,514 miles 
*75 FORD 
I 
Ranger 
LXT 
Pickup, white, 
V-8, automatic, 
B orer steering, pow er ikes, air. 

* 4 1 5 o 

, 
I 3 ,3 3 7 m iles 
’7 6 FORD 
. (lits, burgundy, burgundy vinyl roof and interim, A M /fM storaa, automatic, po war Wearing, powtr 
* brokes, air. 

* 7 9 9 o 

22,391 m iles 
| 
’75 FORD 

P in to , a u t o m a t ic , p o w e r 

 s t e e r in g , a ir. 

2 3 9 o 

7,45o miles 
*76 CHEVROLET 
I Manta Coria, this is a ow ownar, 

* 4 9 9 o 

62,958 miles 
*73 OLDSMORILE 
Vista traitor Station Woyea, 9- passangar, automatic, p a n steering, pawar brokes, ok, this 

The 

Sp o tligh t'^ 

On . 7~i 

GILLESPIE FORD 
DEM O NSTRATO R SALE 
EXTENDED FORD FACTORY NEW VEHICLE W ARRANTY 

T m i t e d s u p p l y . 

TALKING 
PRICE. 
$ 3 9 5 3 * 

* 2 7 8 o 

, 
41,774 miles * 
’7 5 CHRYSLER 

* C o rd o b a , 
2 -d o o r, b lack, 
* a u to m a tic, p o w e r steer- 
* ing, p o w e r b ra k e s, air. 

S 
* 4 2 8 o 

67,322 miles 
*73 FORD 
Galax!#, 4-door, white, automatic, pow er steer­ ing, power brakes, air. 

, 
39,521 miles 
. 
’7 5 CHEVROLET 
( Manta 
I + I bright aranga, t automatic 
^cylinder. 
..power 
I tearing, power krona*, real 

 jade wdmrnd Bam tm, Yffiyi top, 

* 4 8 9 o 

2 8 , 7 1 5 m ile s 
’7 5 PONTIAC 
Grand 
Prix, 
2 door, medium brown matallic, automat!!, power itaaring, power brakes, AM PM tape, ax (allant condition 

* 4 5 9 o 

35,7o2 miles 
*74 CHEVROLET 
LUV 
Pickup, gold, 
4-speed, air, excellent condition. 

* 2 3 9 o 

^HUNDREDS! 

O F D O L L A R S I 
___________ 
M 
§r 
SAVE ON 
^ f s DEPRECIATION^ gfriiiALLWftS 

’ 7 6 T - B I R D 
’ 7 6 L T D 

P IN T O S - M A V E R IC K S - G R A N A D A S 
L ID S - T O R IN O S - T R U C K S 
T H U N D E R B IR D S - M U S T A N G S - ELITES 
T 

£ 
A C T T O D A Y ^ 

O N L Y 

£ 3 7 D E M O S L E F T S 

S a c r i f i c e p r i c e r 

’ 7 6 M 
A V E R I C K I 
’ 7 6 T O R I N O 
LTD loaded, leather trim, 
J iroughom, 2-door, bait vinyl | 4-door, automatic, 25o CU, I Hardtop, 2-door, 351 V - i, ? lanJou' 
2-door luxury 
AM/FM stereo with Quod J r®®*. «' nndttlinir. 351 
V I, • air conditioner, AM radio, [ outomatk, ok conditioner 
I C°uP*r 46o V-8, automatic, 
------- 1 wtmwhc. no war . w m tinted glass, vinyl trim, I AM radio, half vinyl roof. 
I Pow#r 
*taaring, 
AM/FM , white sidewalls, etc. Stock [lim ite d 
Edition 
Pockog* 
} (fe w , speed control, ate. ] tape, automatic, air con- I ••teraetk, power slotting, pawer droner, ail power, many I ,r*"| state#, extras. Stock #9o66. 
I 
^ 

$1o,819 I List Price 
5 8,296 I Sale Price 
SAVE *2 5 2 3 } SAVE *1 3 6 2 

 list Price 
SA U PR IC I 
5716o 
55798 

#8982. 

List Price 
Sale Price 
SAVE 

 j etc. Stock #486. 
I List PrUe 

 r Sale Price 
55529 
54375 

Stock #9173. 

List Price 
Sale Price 
$8541 
5 6 7 8 6 
7 5 5 

{ 
"Y O U CAN AFFORD A FORD FROM GILLESPIE” 

G 
I L 
L 
I S 
P 
I E 
® 

2 3 o o B ro a d w a y a 2 2 7 - 1 4 1 1 
2 3 1 1 B ro a d w a y • 2 2 7 - 1 4 1 5 
2 4 1 1 B ro a d w a y • 2 2 7 - 1 4 1 9 
2 7 S S S.W . M ilita ry a 9 2 3 - 4 5 4 1 
2 o 1 4 G o lia d R o o d 6 3 3 3 - 6 7 2 o 
1 7 2 2 A u stin H w y. • 5 2 6 - 3 2 8 7 

" SAVE ' 

I O HAY SALE 

 ive Ptymouth 
7 3 Du,lev 
XNuwnrd. S . . 

\ 

 d c J l l s C J 

5 8 9 5 

• SOFT RAY GLASS 
• 3o1 VB ENGINE 

• AUTOMATIC TRANSMISSION 
• FACTORY AIR CONDITIONING 
• RALL YI ll WHEELS 
_ w 
• AM FM STEREO 6 - j ~ 
• 8 TRACK TAPE PLAYER 
• BODY SIDE MOLDINGS 
• SPORT MIRRORS - REMOTE CONTROL 
• POWER STEERING AND BRAKES 
• STK 9 5 2 9 

*1967 
*1468 
*1888 
7 3 * 2 3 8 8 
I I ive SUICX 
Lo Sabra, 
4 
2288 
> V I ll, 
/ 4 •uVmmMs, so t o o i m r vinyl Im 
4 / o o 1 i J r Pinto Runabout, 
/ 3 tlendord, 
|i 
■ 

75 

*2388 

’I X X Z S T M 
U llO ^ Uneev 
I dept adv. po w ar eMdowi. 
(JLL.” '438* 

I* SUPERIOR * PONTI AC *j 
W h ere Arite Sells C o n and 
Serviee K e e p * C u tto m e n 
1 11 B R O A D W A Y 
227-5o41 

• yx CaunarXt/SuMy 

Y 
‘ 

>J 

C A U OC LA ROSA 
3 4 1 - 9 4 3 3 
9 8 o o S A N P tD R O 
OPfN SUNDAY 

732 BUICK 

DEMO SALE 
ANY Rf ASONABU OFFER ACCEPTED 
O N 23 NEW 77 DEM O S 
T O D A Y 
4 COUGARS KR, *54oo 
13 MONARCH’S ‘“"*4198 
5 MARQUIS St?.’.. *5987 
9 USED UNCo1NS - MUST SEU 

M U ST A SK FO R 
• O B STAHL OO D O N HOLTZ 
225-63o1 

Express-Hews Wont Ads 223-1666 

RIEGER’s “RITE PRICES' 

STATION W A G O N S 
............. 
SI SVS 
■ad sewer. 
.................S IM S dr and pew**, abatic soots sad windows, ra ck....... ......................... 
M I M 
74 WH TO Magna, air, ovlnmetk, reck (bon 
............. 
H H S 
Ti r n m o uth (usibm Suburban, aw end pewat, red, (ben.. 
S H M 
74 PLYMOUTH Cast mr Suburban eh end pa war, re d , (ben. 
U S M 
7 } UNCK blate Wages, ell extras, super eke all the way, beal car............................. .......................... . . . I H M 

 l l Buick Century Lulus watson 
Like new HS 43)) otter 7 sn o141 

7#*Rui4'k 4-door a a tam aile. air. 
SWS MI KXM. MI 4741 

73 PINTO, W HOTIK, IVW-, ■■■ —. . . . . . . . . . 
71 toto Conakry Squire, Uhs., eh end pawer. 
71 KW TUC Grand lated, 

TRUCKS 
Ti POOCH '/i Ma Custom, baa had, Mea taal pet (aver, 111 V4, eutemdtu, vary (bae, I4,f. I mibs 
$3493 

IMM 

. vary (baa, 
7 J HOOCH j tan Cullom, 6'/t b st had, H id (shader. traasmsMoa, air, was raguk r gas, 8,732 Rubs, (the mw 

M O A N S A N O HA8oTOP5 

7* VAUAHI. 4daat^sCat?,'has dr lllld mHamaht!^T9.ooo 
(ruins HOW 
............ 
..... 
71 KUiTAHO (I), I it 4-syib dot, ak, 4-sp end 
I u 362 V-l, arr aod pawar, bur now stoa! radials....... 
71 OtPldOdll Cutlass lobe, 4-daar, air and pawa r ........ 
71 OUHMOMU Cutlass l y o n , 1-dnet, ov.jptwat, tsar ae ta 

Come I ooh I Our Prices Are At wa ye Rf 

.. $4141 

73 IW C! lagai, J dam, 

' ~ - » U i g y " S I 
It « t*r o d e t x I 
SMS-HIT Cubero_____________ _ h u i i X L s l o t j / e , 7 $ .4 door, l l ,614 mi SIMS 4S4-tS7t i r ir t W L h i g r a I (Mer L M d e T 
Extra nice it,SOS miles SU SS con­ sider trade 1744711.494 2714 i t /7 Bi,leis I rS o O 't, 7-door looded. lope ownnr »IQVx feSi 4ft4*> 
74 B -in.l Le iob re . L u *u * door" tully equipped, immaculate, owner osxinu SJbSli IYJ 2534 s i P o i C k L e lo b r e 
A ir, p o w e r 
SM S Very eleon* see IS IS _________ f l lluick Lim ited Blue, white lap. norted Star aa, electric teats, win dows 
47,OOO lender m iles 
S149S 
SSS SI It 
;*4 K uick, low m lle e se L o e d s d 1 
S99S I22-17M coli anytime ofter 4 
L 
■ii A-,if k 4oP(li| mfl’es wood fire* ole 
So95 o49 2452 
T W A u k I" kewui sunroof, all dec trtr AAA P M stereo, I track, evcel lent condition, low mil#*, 1575o I S 
ISI 1445 Atter 5 124 *57o 
1 
*4# Puli I Mviero 
927 4o94 r r - k '^ 'viovr— tr-yif, vs. auio". air, power SIMO 144 1114 r m n m w s i Y ---------- 
Wooed, l i m (led Ii 
.............. tie ** 
TO M B E N S O N IM P O R T S vees SAN P E D R O 
141-1)54 

'i r t m w r w fC B C A T . g ^ p t ^ a . 
Condition I Owner, SHOO 534 o872 w buick W !idcal, excellent cond, paw ar ste e rin g brakes, windows, soot Now liras |I,*N. 4) )-S9)4 

Dodge is talking your language with the 
A spen w agon a ll 
A m erica's talking about. 

’Manufacturer's suggested retail price for base six-cylinder Aspen wagon, exrli’Jing options, destination charge, taxes, and title fees. Wheel covers ($32) and white sidewall tires ($39) extra. 
DODGE IS 
TALKING 
YOUR 
LANGUAGE. 
O.R. MITCHELL 
DODGE 
113o B R O A D W A Y 
2 27 -2 2 8 1 

O P E N E V E N I N G S 

2 5 9 o 

55,879 miles 
*72 MPBCUKY 
Mdfrmis iro*gfcom, 4^Ih meldlif wakiSe --L- ■ __, 
■iiRiHiiy “ """im im p ig V 

5 9 .8 8 8 m iles 

’ 7 2 C A P R I 

Y e llo w , 
4 spend 

FM , air. 

5 8 ,7 3 9 m ile* 
* 
’ 7 5 C H R Y S L E R 
C o rd o b a , a u to m a tic, 
* p o w e r 
(tea ring , p o w e r 
* 
D rakes, e ir, d a rk b ro w n t m eta llic. 

* 3 9 9 o 

46,846 miles 
*74 CHEVROLET 
Assisa Coria, 2-dear, burgundy I 
.mabeek!ie mrrbmI i« I mtTWH, “wyi w9TRIffloy tit" j 

^ 
^ 
5 
9 
o 

1 6 , 1 5 3 m ile * 
’ 7 1 
F O R D 
T-8ird, 2 dom baht M u* with * while vinyl top, tsMs i* prnbnbiy * our bolt mod car, yo* tho auto* » erv (erred, non nwnnr 
• 

1 9 o o 

6o^63 miles 
*71 CONTINENTAL 
Meek III, leather seem, power window^ loaded, stereo. 

1 6 5 o 
* 2 9 9 o 

38,8oo milos 
’75 COUGAR XR-7 
I Automatic, pow er steering, pow er brokes, air. split seats, yellow with 
[brown vinyl top, ono owner. 
*• # | 9 o 

Our Goal: "No 
Unhappy Owner*" 
92o7 SAN PEDRO 
(I BM. North af loop 41o) 
3414841 

North Central Ford 
Specials OI The Week 

'47 (.A W C! 7 dost..........$ 4 8 8 
•4 9 FU8Y 1 8 ................... $ 4M 
'45 IMPALA 2 dost, sutra ebon 
............... I T M 
71 A IK Matador......... $ 888 
71 Po N !M ( I co o t........$1188 
71118 I U h 
.........11288 
72 A L fK U ir M 
.. .$1488 

A l PONTUC Catohna ... .$ 484 
49 K H O 
Custom MX) 
4 d o o r.................... $ J U 
71 MAIDA......................$718 
7o CHEVY impoio, 4 door $1o81 
71 GRANO PRIX ..........$1188 
71 M K I Skylark, 4 door $1288 i dom. 
74 CHfVEUf ! 
$2488 

M ast CM Those Cars Ara Automatic And Air. 
NORTH CENTRAL FORD 
9 8 o o S A N P E D R O 
3 4 1 - S 5 7 1 E x t . 3 o 3 
• O p e n S u n d la y s • 

732 SMICK 

St Electro lim ite d , loaded, v a ry ane, SU SS M I JoS4, MT 4741 i \ Skylark 4 deal, aute V -L real 
Clean' t m )S27 Culebro 

 s x y l a S I T radio Prater V22 >591_____________ 

733 UOIIUC 
B e i n 'w ^Fn?Sup?T5e^B^Tul^ eaptpperl w in power window*. AO 4fl power seats, am tm stereo tope dec* power antenna tnt wheel, vinyl top radials, etc Absolutely immaculate! 
Sacrifice 
Sd 7 SO 
*24 oo51 
T sT A E i l U c Coupe b e f ile ~ 
Block beauty, very Met, $49ti 
H U > W M IL IT A R V 
914 IS M le o th i f) C.ldiiiat f Dupe WH inter ior, loaded 1)1 2M7 
- ■ -74 Ma d i l l A t T ii rp e ^ V i i i , .. 
SH U in w a rra n ty , a ll C a d illa c 
« « u la a a d (e xce p t s u n re o fi Pi remist green, tan leather interior 
Lite new 1*95o call Jim, M I ASI I 
’T T tT d iilS : ' <" OUL>« B 'S W T # 1, Vt f f cfeon, I ovbfiRr Burr ng 1-249 1481 

74 CADILLAC CPE BEVILLE 
21,oo6 mite*, warranty I?# CMU/ 
■f f T T g Tf L I / f V m h U A t cep fionally clean 
R eg ular g a *. lowing ooc*uue S2.oV5 SWS 12/2 
, m g wacs age 
_ 
T r r f p TC L-rr g r b a B A ftrt .„“w cor, req! bargain at 43/96 C A L L 
921 ll*!! tor Detail* h 

733 CADILLAC 

73 Cadillac El Dorado fully loaded, excellent condition S47So 422 1'93 
7F c ADI L L A f r b-.TTid,” VmyT’top pawer everything, g. ,d condition 
1149) *1)1474 *14 4119 

S9/5 M 2 6175 
■yre i B TL L L f’LEAAg-------- 
12.65o 651 MOO t a61 L"L"A"f"T T 'b*? 
I V it r r 
I Owner, 1975, 1 7,(IOU mite*. M m condition. F u lly e q u ip p e d utter 7p rn 7)5-)/iJ2 

Mm t 
C A L L 

 ti C A 'b U lA fc Sedan Now todiols, recent work SI97S #*4 414* 
‘i f P A R I L L T C L e d o n S e v i l l e 
Snow rsum condition, d riv e * like new D am oaed rear bum per and trunk Sacrifice $75o cash, or will accept guns, trod*- 699 o251 d ia m o n d s , g o ld In 
E l , . 
. 

C f lU F I B eY IB ^ a new vSity! top. 
Clean. $795 of*er 4 681 OO'9 i i 4 b ^ ” 
B ? .n ie cleo'n i m 
658-SM! 
I 
___ 

75 El Dorado ConveKibls 
Stew tiros fully looded Collector's 
•tem Must sell I SS SSS Call 7 3 M 9 M sr SU IH I 
T T T T ^ elw ood B ro u g h o m Blue, w niie vinyl root Low m r, excellent cond. $44)o 492 2895 

★ NORTH STAR SPECIALS ★ 
197o OLDL CiRbts 
Supreme 2 dour hardtop, wr v v i v j automatic, power titering, power boke*, factory air, groan, white tap, # 4t 4A 
1 4 9 5 
1972 PLYMOUTH E C IS S .V S 
>1888 
1974 PLYMOUTH 
„iT, bet ary Mr, vinyl roof, 
# l 238A .... .Tt. *2672 
1974 CHIVY Wovo' * bftif, automaik, 
.. poatar stoerieg, factory air, # 8311. 
•*........................*2957 
1975 PLYMOUTH — --’..fT u n - , w, x r m r T T r . r r r . a m 
. * 3 1 4 7 
1974 DODfif automatic, pawer 
I T / M V V f U U C steering, power bokos, on cpu- . . . . . 
6 bon, 
AM TM Stereo, 
# S 2 8 3 A ............. 3444 
1974 DODGE Obsrytr 
II, outomatK, poorer 

6 .bn, ymy|,!S "3 i3 ^ J^ A • , . 
*3288 

1 9 7 3 n i n e Vi* " 
Guispr stptbn wagon, b..., "T lix r ss ? . . r r *32/5 
1974 DODGE m tm wagon, power tteorba, hm m . . . . . brakes, automatic, ok cons Hon. 
Cr837) A 
3333 

NORTH STAR D O D G E 

7 2 4 2 S a n P e d r o 
3 4 1 - 2 2 5 7 

733 CADILLAC 

’TI F L E E T W O O D , 72 C O U P R 
O E V IL L E D o r is 72o 2417 

 w n 
1 F-oTTT; " T" "^ -J a o I speed 
E x c e lle n t tra n sp o rta tio n . P riv a te o w n e r. S a c r ific e $ 7 )o c o s h W in a c c e p t g u n s, d ia m o n d * , g o ld in trace o v9u 2)l 
734 drain 

• " ■ J T I O T T O T a AU^TIEsU . 
P U B L IC AUCTIO N, I P M JAN lith 
3389 $ W M ilitary D r 92# *4*9 
'41 h k lA I'f t f c 
Jcfr . gaud cond I2So r n A5i>. 
"To tom ura. on' cond'I.un«-1 powv> 
»leering 
Like new l l s 9M ) ar 
681)917 

U L W M 

'74 C A M A R O , e s iiim i paym ents, coll 9)4 MT* 

W C o m o r o , auto air, vinyl roof 
T A K E T R A D E 2)4 495* 

•7) Comoro. li7odeJ.“"Extro clean 
•24-9565, or 681-29)7 
T i C A M A R O L T *4195 
C A L L 141)9)1 
W F A’WAhft. slew palm ! tkjndc 
Good condition $*)o 6/4 im ; 
'd T A W A h fi ro risfjS R e T ■ T O T ? clean1 $145o 144 1254 ro o m e rs 4porl with all acce lo* Will toke trode 124 49)4 
T F C A M A R O liV v / l, aute “ clean, $1)oo 47) o)99 $■• p rn r r m r . n x 11! ... i- ,,.. ,, r ... r v r r m x w w M ^!rW m o*i momfoid, Honey 2 bbl carburet oato. dean H4Uu firm, 144 D ie t T u n n r T F 
$1,oo8 COH IU 1924 m 
'CTTTf l" 6a**,c ujnvt'r TETT 
One et a kind A ve rag e mi, mint condition $7o8o F IR M . 341 284o 
Copr U t E lio t* x o p r 7 4 Cl 
<Qty loaded New cewmtion M 
“of fpprTcel ro4lie. otr 194 V I 
Good cond $1o9) or repse utter Florsville (1)391 *72o 
47 CH E V I I L E . to rodio, heater. available 224 4414 

T r e w iw w c i r r dr L o a d ed ) I H 
714 2o)4 
■7(l"^t4lV I L L I U ollku auto W power low mi *I4V> est o481 tv i'll ( iH E V E L L E WuMtru SS i i i unddion $'•*$. 824 9V5o. 
44"di*feijE L L E . M U 

■YR* y k 

41$ 34)17 
I 

San Antonio EXPRESS-NEW S— Saturday January 15 1977 

FORD FIESTA 

{ ontinurd from Page I this section 

 back seat passenger has comfortable leg room. 
Access to the rear baggage area is 
■ 

 through a large rear door, hinged at top, and extending down to the r for easy loading and unloading. 
The parcel area is hidden from out­ side view by a rear shelf that goes up and down with the door. It can be removed, with little trouble, to carry tall objects. 
The spare tire is placed under the rear floor, covered by a lid and car­ pet. Alongside the spare is a com­ partment for valuables with it’s own lock. 
The fuel tank is under the floor beneath the rear seat well clear of the load space and safe from impact in a rear-end crash. 

C o n c e p t s 

After about an hour of driving we arrived at a beautiful En g lish country house that had been convert­ ed into a wayside inn. It is called 
Great Fosters, and was built in 155o. 
During our coffee break we had the chance to chat about the concepts and construction of the Fiesta. 
The car is the first effort of Ford to produce a tru ly w orldwide auto­ mobile, and that effort will carry a billion dollar price tag — a stagger- 
--------------- - lUHHMMfrMHJLV— 

 ing bill even for a company like Ford. 
The minicar is a European concept with several makes already on the scene. Fiat has the 127, VVV the Polo, 
Audi the 5o and Renault the 5. There are a few others, so Ford is really last on the market. 
Being last has some advantages. 
Ford was able to examine the other cars, find their weak and strong points, and hopefully build a better car at competitive prices. 
The European motoring press has been lavish in their praise of the 
Fiesta, flatly predicting it has a good chance of taking the num ber one sales spot in its class. 
Ford plants at Saarlous in G e r­ many and Dagenham in England were retooled to build Fiesta. A new transaxle factory was built at Bo r­ deaux. The largest effort went into an entirely new complex in Spain. 
Walter Hayes expressed confidence the Europeans would take to Fiesta in large numbers, but Ford is not over­ estimating the reception the car will receive in this country, in light of last y e a r’s custom er preference for larger cars. 
Som etim e about the m iddle of summer we'll get our first look at the federalized Fiesta. It should provide worthy competition for the current crop of minis, both foreign and do­ mestic. 
~ 
Al IT Am ATTY ■ DISMAY 
-,:r r ■STVtfZS— ■■Ll 

Mobile home firm is open 

-fc 

REGENCY MOBILE HOMES is owned by George Gori- bay, loft, and Lloyd Booth m i -- - "i" :z:z..zzr n 

Lloyd Booth and George 
Garibay have announced I he opening of Regency Mobile 
Homes at 2331 S.VV. Military 
Dr., across from Sooth Park 
Mall. 
“ Our large selection of the latest mobile home models includes ’Way­ side,’ the number one seller in Texas, 
‘Nu Way’ and ‘Great Lakes,*“ Garb bay explained. 
Regency Mobile Homes is one of the few such companies that has their own mobile home transporter This truck enables the firm to give faster, better sen ice. 
"Because we provide this service with our own equipment the customer is assured that his mobile home will be delivered as quickly as possible and with the greatest care. 
And we’ll deliver anywhere within a 
185o-mile radius," said Garibay. 
Variety 
There is a wide variety el mobile home styles available at Regency and they range in size from 1*2x18 feet to as iarge as 28x78 feet. These are two, 

 three and even some four-bedroom models. Some have living room fire­ places and all are furnished 
Booth, a partner in tho firm, is one of San Antonio’s most best known home builders and developers Ho was named 1875 Builder of the Year by the Greater San Antonio Builders 
Association He builds the w ell­ known Prestige Homes and lins de­ veloped the northside residential communities of Whispering Oaks. 
Countryside and Hunter1® Creek 
Garibay, a native of San Antonio, has been in the mobile home business for almost six years lbs sales record proves him to bt' a leader in tins field. 
Good deal 
NS partner and on location manager for Regency Mobile Homes, he sass, “ We want people who are interested in a mobile home to come see what we have here and what a good deal we eon make. We really feel that we can give the buyer the home he wants — at the right price ’* 
Regency Mobile Homes is open 
Monday through Saturday from 8 a in to 7 p.m. anti on Sunday from 12 noon lo 8 p m 
^uTOM2m8Iyi.*T 
AUf OM OTIV, WWAY 

I — '77 CATALINA 
TO CHOOSE FROM 
TIME 
ONLY 5 % 

OVER 

INVOICE 

TOTAL 

ON 

PONTIACS 

2-/77 SUNBIRDS 
TO CHOOSE FROM 

5—-'77 GMC TRUCKS 

TO CHOOSE FROM 

IN V O IC E A M O U N T O N T R U C K S 

4 
D A Y S 
O N L Y 

19 CARS AND 
TRUCKS ONLY 

2 —'77 BONNEVILLES 

TO CHOOSE FROM 

TINDALL and SON PONTIAC-GMC 
39oo SAN PEDRO 
736-1561 

TOM BENSON USED CAR AND TRUCK SPECIALS! 
We Have Reduced Prices To Reduce Our Inventory 
ALL UNITS SALE PRICED! 

O M e t l T I W R A T H E R e t * o f M — I A L L < S 8 1 - o » o O 
& Today's Best Offers 

.Hr m! a t * ™ 

WE ARE READY TO 
DEAL WHEN YOU ARE! 

Outstanding Fuel Economy 
. mumm,.,-. 
With High Performance V-6 Engine 
L A N D A U C O U P E 
Plush Velour Or Oxen Grain Vinyl Interiors— Landau Top 
Ample Head Room And Leg Room For The Big Person 
Load It Up With Equipment And You'll Still Like The Prices 
We Are Ready And Willing To Pay Top PRICK For Your Trode-in 
We Are Ready To Deliver Buick s 
All Around Groat Cars. See Us Todaylllll 

WAS 
’74 GREMLIN STJ.,SS? .* 
*1895 
Iva lire a Hatchback, orange, AM radio, low $| ynr 
74 VEGA miles. #o234 ....................... 
I /“ d yym siAys Hatchback Super Sport, beige, 4- SOfiOC 
/4 N U V A speed, leaded, AM-FM. #o972 ...... AOtD 
’75 HORNET 
'*od,d/ M\*3495 
75 VOLKSWAGEN heater, runs good. #o996. ’2695 
74 VENTURA #1o23 v*" 
‘2595 
76 GREMLIN miles. #o958 y a r e l f A l I A A I T 4-door, silver, 6 cylinder, loaded, 
E J V A L I A N I low miles. # 1 1 2 4 ......................... J . J T D 
ITO fit UC Vista Cruiser Wagon, yellow, 9 $o1 OC 
Jo U L U ) passenger, leaded. #1139.......... . OlY) ry e AA a t A ft A D 4‘door' 
*om,,y 
,or' SOfiOC 
/ J m A I A I / U K leaded, low miles. #117o --- /CYD 
72 OLDS 98 it™ T*!’*:./?!'. 
*1995 
73 LEMANS the Tot. #1399 I""**. 
*2495 
75 El CAMINO M ats. #o355-A 
*4295 
72 MALIBU fZ U T '.T T 4'.l°‘,.°'.‘.” k'~‘ .’2495 

MECHANICS SPECIALS 

73 GREMLIN SSAflSSr: 
.7^. .T M 495 
I T I A A A I I D I I 2-doer, roMwood, 
V i , radio, a,r S T O A T 
/ I MALIBU conditioned. #13o4-A............. U Y) 
74 MONTEGO 
73 DELTA 88 raikul #1*389 .‘r -’-'. ■"!* ~’T- *2195 
73 BEL AIR #1695 

REDUCED 
TO 
*1595 
*1495 
*2695 
‘2995 
*2295 
*2o95 
*2295 
*2995 
*2795 
*2395 
*1595 
*1795 
*3495 
*2195 

*1195 
* 995 
‘1995 
*1495 
*1295 

-s cooees TI MTT OOO TIV! •OSI O' 

LOOP 41o A SAN PEDRO 
341-3314 

NVENTORY CLEARANCI 
LATI MODELS— LOW MILEAGE 
OFF LEASE AUTOMOBILES 

* 7 5 P L Y M O U T H 
. . * 2 7 7 5 

7 5 F O R D 
JS 
T 
J i r ..................................................* 2 8 5 o 

• 7 5 S U B A R U H 
Z ' * " ~ f c 
* 
...........* 2 9 7 5 iy r MCI ens VOIee Weew, S seen, lee*#. sen ae I 
J> BIL AIR umAmt 777........................... 3675 

7 
5 I M P A I A S 
S l T r . ’ . - r . T 
" : .............* 3 7 7 5 

1 4 7 8 5 

‘ 5 6 4 5 1 

7 6 c a p r ic ! # y a 6 W r . . * 5 . S - M i 9 i 

I « , / S i f t # 
Ouitu l l te ye l M e n . Beautiful ttghl . r 

7 6 O L D ) 
Nm, Wirt reel. Leeds! .................... 
* 4 9 7 5 1 i t ! U A U A Csepe, eeiewefH, reiie, heeler, sh tee- s a r a a l 
7 6 N O V A aum. it,#*miti................*3588| 
TRUCKS 

7 
6 
F O R D 
................... ‘ 2 9 7 5 1 

• T A P U B V t i M S CerNeNs (ta p e , iH n t aith kef- 
7 6 CHK T ilt K (wmI, ,.« l„ 
76 GRAND PRIX l, M° 

76 CHEVROLET 
.‘685o1 
76 MAZDA 
(story. Pewter brakes, air, 4-speed 
’3475 
TOWNE and COUNTRY 
LEASING 
4o1 Isom Rd. 
349-3981 

 r n c i v h u t 

196* C H IV . IM P A L A 4 dr best otter 
653 5o6o 

7$ i Nev M im io V * 
Auto, a ir lour m iles M ust sell *76*5 494 7377 
TITH EV BOL E T, i G I >lBHc 
*o9oo woo r n )64i, 77i n u 

 i»7o < tie v r o ie t Im p a la 6 o o 4 me- chonicQl condition **oo 623 356? 

7 i C h e v ro le t im o o io C u s to m v -4, automatic, sewer, factorv air. Lib# 
UU* *179* Wist lr ort. *7 I 7»*J 
76 C hevrolet M alibu Classic l a n daw Coup*, 11,o6o m iles P o t t e r y w arranty 
*4*9* 328-4351 atter 

7 6*641o1 
76 Chevrolet M ania Coria Landau; very clean »>* *»” 9 n * r 1 H 6 -8KI 
TY C hoer ole!' ftoBEu 
Cleon SSS t u t arter 7 o+64*43 

'I T '£ he v r ole I M o n t . " f C r l a 'F C T pow er, fa cto ry a ir. m ea w heals 
Hew radial tiros V ary taw mileage 
U S O n ow S U * * WHH fr e d * 921-2841 

C H E V R O L E T s p e c i a l s 

73 Monte Carte L endow ......... »|7#o 
•71 M alibu M id 4-door 
...........*1297 
73 I rn ixj lo Custom Cooee 
.. ■ H I M 
71 Monte Coria, nice ........ *t|9S 
64 Nomad Wooer) 
.......... tit* 
74 V e to Hatchback only 
.511o6 

Aute F a ir U l t Celebre *35-1641 

7 
3 S U B A R U 
* 1 2 9 5 

' 7 3 F I A T 1 2 8 S 
T 
* w ” 
* 
’ 
9 9 5 

7 
3 
T O Y O T A S S f S T * 
‘ 1 3 9 5 

7 
4 T O Y O T A 5 
> 1 7 9 5 

* A 
W 
A 
* i (ototta Deluxe, station wogon, air ten 
. , n n . 
7 4 TOYOTA ditioned. automatic 
1 9 9 5 

7 
4 B L A Z E R C H E Y E N N E auto,, air conditioned 
* 4 5 9 5 

7 
2 C A P R I C E att conditioned r r 
:,r m * . 
‘ t a d s 

7 
5 G M C V a T O N S 
S 
M 
" : 
‘ 4 2 9 5 

• 7 2 C H E V R O L E T P I C K U P 
‘ 1 5 9 5 

7 
2 L E M A N S ' Z 
Z 
X 
X 
" m - ' “ 
••■.«— 
"• 
> 2 2 9 5 

’ 7 4 M O N T E C A R L O S 
U 
” 
" ' r T : . ” 
‘ 3 4 9 5 

' 7 3 P O N T I A C mo he, air conddKmtd . ■. 
PO*, owe 
M 9 9 5 

>74 CTL AA CT A‘yl'itdti, sedan, 2 dooi standout, mc con 
SO O O C 
/ 4 L U i t r l l l dihorted t J T 
J 
' I t U A I I D I I V8 hardtop, coupe, power, automatic, otr 
. . . . . 
7 6 M A LIBU undittontd 
........... 3 7 9 5 

7 3 P I N T O 
Station wagon, standard, a a ............................ * 1 6 9 5 

’ 7 4 M A L I B U t S S i U 
'm ^ 
. m r - . r - 4m t * . . ‘ 2 4 9 5 

' 7 
5 M A L I B U 
5 
‘ 3 2 9 5 

' 7 2 I M P A L A 
2 ‘. S 
T 
• * “ 
* 1 3 9 5 

• 7 3 I M P A L A 
* 2 3 9 5 

• 7 3 N O V A S a & 
J r * * - * “ 
• " “ ™ “ 
‘ 2 2 9 5 

• 7 2 M O N T E C A R L O conditioned f*. WW. - .2 )9 5 

• 7 3 B U I C K 
S S Z ’Z 
Z 
S i * : ' “ "*■■ “ ‘ 2 9 9 5 

7 
4 M A L I B U L S T : * “ 
• 
, r . 
‘ 2 2 9 5 

7 
5 M E R C U R Y S T 
I “ * 
* 3 5 9 5 

7 
4 P L Y M O U T H 
‘ 2 1 9 5 

7 
4 G R A N D P R I X S J 
S t f * 
. 
‘ 3 7 9 5 

7 
5 
N O V A 
‘ 3 1 9 5 

11,ooo 
MCU 
OO t i 
MONTH 
“ MOTO#* 
IN K llA N C l 
COOP.-' 
MIC HANKAL tNSUOANCI COVERAOt A VAH. A OU ON MANT OF OUR 
’PA OB NEW !! MOML6 

I 

734 CHEVROUET 

73 C H E V Y Coprice 
Toee o ve r p aym en ts, no e q u ity. 
John sump, 349-o94* 

111 men n j 

1973 dhevy Caprice J door hardtop 
31495 Ash tor Q.V 433-1465 
72 Chevy Coupe Clean runs ooodl 
599o-1127 Culebra 

62 f H F V Y 4 door 
G o o d transput lotion After 6 pm, 653-5554 

 i i C H E V Y (memo! need* repairs. 
52oo 6734732 
69 C t4 iV V Im pala I dooi hardtop, 
VS, outo. Goad transportation 5495 financing ovoitopio 224 441o 
£ h E V Y K in e tw o o d W ag o n , 
72 

Loaded, 4o,ooo m l., o rig ow ner 
I I H ! Days 424 2o45, I 549-4427 
75 CME V Y Malibu Classic 

Cleon, taadad i n t o 453 o446 

C H E V Y 1 M O N T I I A R l 6. 75 AM 
P M stereo tape, cruise. 
5434o 

6544o77 

75 t h a w M a n ta I plus 2, 7,ooo miles One owner Loaded S26 9545. 
681-2937 
75 Chevy M onia, outo power, air 
12645 Ash tor Woody 433 1644 

‘ lied O ie v y i/ o v S fllM --------- 
977 4o96 
T I 
T F T F vv 
RSTO A V " pi ck aa 

 paymonts, call 924-5424 

 t T E h E V V V E I*. A ii* ,.)----- 
341 *o72. a n y tim e 
71 t bevy v'euo Mfchbh 
Stan d a rd rod ic. air 59oo 432 5336 otter 4 

 i L E A N 74 Nova, auto runs areel. 
534-6173 

73 F l C A M IN O , a u to . "o lF p o w e rT a i r , c la a n o r ig in a l c o n d it io n 
I ow ner 53ooo 696 5454 

7 4 I IC a m in o C la s s ic , C e n te n n ia l 
P*o e x tra s 57*oo I 43* 796o a tte r 6 

7 1 E l C o m in o S u p e r S p o r t 
D r s seco n d c a r 
L o w m ile s , b lu e booh pr ic e 1 533 OSO* ar 533 *534 

F O B TJ'-\ 1 6 * C h e v v im p ala . Air". 
A u to m atic C a ll; 656-7164 
Fg > r S A i l— 69T h T ' v V 
. fnn-n si 
B e d 5*95 Colt tor oopt b etw een 3 IO 
D rn 655 3*64 
536*5 
1974 IM P A L A 6deer 
ABk tor U rea. *33 146. 

 tw i w i l a ra ff jim 
Ash tor O rca, 433 1664 

B U a g i n 
D o o r Loden i d * ! ! 

Ash tor David. 413-1467 
•n-IMPALl-aF^o^ioa. loaded' 
E *< .ll.n l $1995 455 *674 
[d i IM P A L A , loaded, 'run! perfaci, needs point, 336 o291 
74 im pala P o w tr 'oir, must se . Ie oppreciote1 S2375 64*o645 
69 iM P A i A 3 speed, leeks beau btu!, good motor 5695 326 o291 

12oo BLOCH BPOADWAv • 223-428 

• tittie or No Oedn • 

IP YO U H A V E A JO B AN O 12oo 

W E CAN S E L L YO U A CA UM 

C L A N K * A U T O B A L I S 

IA U W IS T A V B 
734-7949 

"VIV run #9 1# V V is se * a 
»w-« ■ 
■•TTTiieVdfil I r i \ *V'w“ 
F u lly eauipp ea. low m iie aae 
736 19o9 N ile s w e e *e n d s, 6*4 o1*4 
■ ii t n e b o l I T T " 
4 cylinder standard, radio ... 115*1 

TOM B E N S O N IM P O R T * 

W M SAM PED RO 
H I 13*6 t i l l ^kevreiel i-wheel drive ai ckap 
H ten Custom O ti use }** V *. eu to , a ir, power ste eriaa, power brakes IH M 661 4241—j, 

 body tm 931-1334 oft i 
W cUfW Eel Jflr’H,'auto i'dSoT 
64oo 922-2334 CMI 5 

I i M oiibu 
K i t "A M I m '12oo6 or 

 best ewer Call 4*4 IM I attar I 

PRICE 
CUTS AT 

73 AUDI 
*"“• 
‘2895 
76 FORD S j j i " * 
^ 
‘4895 r i m r i# I* ’rob*• Custom convttltbii mup* low i j m n r 
/ 4 D U iV .IV imi.ua*. automatic, an, power, beautiful cai 
H A T J 
75 PONTIAC X L T r : ” *"• “ '4295 i e . is . i i v u LeSobr* cwstttn 4 doge, a ital ma im, * O T O C 
73 BUICK autanwtic, on. powst good (Hoi U A49o9A 2/Y3 l e i D I u n / 
4 horftog, canipHtely 4tuu«f> 
/ q D U I v K ped, auiematK, att, po**4' Nett, windows, w i n e biHQfittfut vakiuf uoboiitif* i i i i x U I J 
•74 PONTIAC 
*■ ^ '3995 
71 DODGE 
* tiw hfll * T *2o95 
75 OPEL 
!" 
*335o 

1 7 A D 
A 
U 
T 
K f 
U M am automotM. en power, m i n t 
/A rUNIIAv geedcetor shews Best et (ort 
.. 
A^T3 ta t n n n n r Bart sedan scenemuai shim 6 t B in r 
I S U L H H f l uutemetM. ae, *« ti« deed #A*J*2* 
J I Y # 
75 OLDS 
*4395 
SPIRES-DOUGLAS BUICK 

SOt 8 8 O A D W A Y A O P iN iV fN IW G S R t i 

 rl4 M A L IB U aute. J deer horn 1 dp 
*7*o U27 Culebra 
‘74 M a lib u C l a s s i c , a i r p o w r r s trr r m o new fire s , * ?* 9 ‘ 
533 JJJ6 mo, 1 

’h M A I 1 fin 2 deer hardtop, outo 
V-8 Beo l nice1 1996 1527 Culebra 

• / T H in W l i i o r ' 

Hardtop *199* caw le i 39 3 3 
‘i i Moitbu 2 dr ” \ou, I ho7t)t6i) 
Con moke paym ents 2144954 

 new' point A y ow ner *I7oQ or best o ttri 6*1 l?97 
MSN fire ATO 74 Bim I PM bija 
OOOd condition *24 o659 

 i i U onie Charlo Landau tee Perfect condition 
(have o th e r c a r) 
135oo454 I H I 
■mXSflf M t i R L ® Landau, e ^ d condition most set! 525o9 734 69M 
391 6374 

 i r a w r r ci i i y i H i r 

C A L L 
M I 1913 

 i i U 6 N f « Y A R ’L 6 / i i . o . "in t-ow nor, axe ellen t 664 t»95 eye* 

 i i m 
U m s / F t 4 p ern e t , a i r , ■zn 
T M lie r no *425o 735 139* arter 4 
T T m o -n T E d A R lo . aalaT jtb w ar factory air, extro (teen, 52381 H S 
Financing ovo.iuele 13. 4416 

76 MONTE CARLO S4795 

4763 SANDoyle Motif Co 

N F E O RO 
I U 4131 
• 974 Monte if or to M ust'sall of leo von OM* once Ash tor o V 4)1 1664 

' n ’H B H Y E 7 A ,* l o Leo st sell ibsTT 
C a ll 
144 4444 
T5'M6kT| fAfcL6 tbew'r'eem condition lo c rifle *' 344 o2*4 

I 
| D D n 
16 1H9 

74 NOVA 
4 Door 6#don A rncjl economy coe 
CVI, SlonOurd 
M L M IH I L L M C C O M B * 
FO N D 5 o u I M S ID F 
1*o1 S. IN M ilita ry 922 6 JI7 

* t i m 

WE'RE LOADED WITH 

76 FLEET BUY BACKS 

.CHOICE AT *3595 

•76 VENTURA 
SFSAtt3?ac ImSSSWTx' 
Ivaiwy A tcow wiy, SH I U I iDf 

' 7 6 
V E N T U R A * * " 
¥r* 
“ “ 
• * « Hdywd. ...*i»P m n ., 
I O 
W C l r I UKA I M H iteel Mired NMM whrt.weki terne). lennU nwnw. eulamehr. paw* , 

S S E s S L V m B ^ 1^ 
13ooo '* * " rse t temdy sedan with ecenemy A 

' 7 A 
V y C k J T I I D A 1 korfundy with net ural ten nnyi mtener. twin tau mntrs. y - f i 

/ o 
V E N I U K A nuddng) nag wheel), Heel baited whitewall mdwh M* #1o 1o1o 

' T A 
V F N T I I D A * * ' ‘r 
* 
. 
9 * " - ®9‘*r*wi (en wnyt M trw , 6 d v n kndywde nteidmn), i 

/ O 
V C I T I U K A twin aim Sered ipart mewl, .ady. n m wheel) with nim .met exile wwrt wNfi mock ecenemy, tvW m tx pew*) iteennf A SxeSm. tortary ae nnly I* OOO dSm. it* /UL 

YOUR 
CHOICE AT9 3 
8 
9 
5 

A Wad*), Hi dad au d NM mf ipmty iamSiy .rn, eniyTi OOO mdat n* « IO * |r 
^ 

' 7 6 
I 4. A A A K K ? * T w T7* h— * - ’rt’ *• " Y •***. reOya whaei) twin rota merars. 

76 UM ans k* g; 
-ZZ. rn bemmfulb-dyrndm. wdy 1/ooo mdm r ^ J I O O O 
^ 
^ * 

' J A l d | / U I A N ^ i ^ _ . k^ 
,* ' " h* * , * f ' brrdwkin e l wnxt urtwrn neat baked redmi whnewOi. rteermgpewe. Am krakm^AM .Jim euNnraN. mwii VI, bndysMt matd- 

 mfi. Irak. A eaanomy parieiflemdy cm only 12 ooo md*). MS | l I IO U 

CHOICE AT *4895 

76 GRAND HUX tide mAA^a twie rara, 

IVX 71o A U D DDIV 
" "d web wha. b Nxdx. vinyl r t o 
U K A t t U r K I A meN. pew* iNmm, pmnw Aw hmdei rwdheb. m6y 17,8oo mim - knmddwi a i 
■* f T t j l 

«^ e w * . Am knife, nbye wd*. tm 
SUPERIOR PONTIAC 
711 BROADW AY 
• 
92o BROADWAY 
227-5o41 
• 
OPEN EVENINGS 

P o g e 
6 - E 
S a n A n t o n i o E X P R E S S - N E W S — 
S a t u r d a y J a n u a r y 1 5 

It s the talk of the town...TALK OF SAVINGS! 

B R O U G H A M 

B « lo w F e a tu re s A re A ll S ta n d a rd E q u ip m e n t. 

Fu lly e q u ip p e d w ith 4 o o o r 4 4 o V 8 e n g in e , u n d e rc o a tin g , b ig 1 2 4 inch w h e e l b o s e , 

 p o w e r stee ring , p o w e r fro n t disc b ro k e s , stee l b e lte d w h ite w a ll tire s , p o w e r w in d o w s , 

 d ig ita l c lo c k , 
5 o - 5 o fro n t seats, a u to m a tic tra n s ­ 

 m ission . e le ctro n ic ig n itio n , lo n g -life b a tte ry , d a y 

 a n d n ig h t m irro r, c ig a re tte lig h te r, p lus m o n y 

 o th e r fin e a p p o in tm e n ts 

5 8 o o S A N P E D R O 

7 3 2 - 8 2 1 1 
JACK RIEGER 
C H R Y S L E R - F L Y M O U T H 

9 7 7 

’ 73o 74^AUTW(I«»IUS 

C 
A 
V 
E 
N 
D 
E 
R 
’ S 

“ 
S P 
E C 
I A 
L S ” 

 i s i a i A f Futloss "I", coupe, rectory air, I 
/ O U LU ) and titres, 15,ooo milos. Spocial 
'lh FORD 
1oUF* fodory cir, oil pows 

72 OLDS 

 l e i r u c v / v 
Comino d u s k Pick up, foctory oir, t w i n e 
/O U l t VT eH power and extras................................... 
46V5. 

7 5 T o R o N A D O 
’~ " > 5 9 9 5 i o n m r \ C Cutlass 4 door, factory air, all power and . . . . . 
/ J U LU ) extras As is special ............................... 
Z IV ) 
’ 7 C D I U C I/ 
Pogoi coupe, foctory air, all power and 
/ > DUU.IV oxfros Was *4885 N ow ............................ 4 2 9 5 

7 5 MERCURY £ 
X 
^ 
£ 
£ 
T 
‘.',‘^ 
>4495 

7 5 PONTIAC S S ,b S S 7 J 5 d l’ , " ' ~ < *3 9 9 5 

7 4 CHRYSIER r X S a J . S . i X " ’ *2 8 9 5 
»7 w r u c i f V **«"»• Coda, factory oir, all pawat and . . . . . f J V U E V T extras, vinyl tap, spacial..................................J O 
? ) 
’ 7 9 n i n e v,‘ to (,w'Mr batlan waaon, (actory 
/ Z U L U ) oh pawer and extras, roof rack. Cloan 

 factory air, all paw er a d a t.................. pow er and n i ­ tros, Nke now . . . I 
Delta M , 4-door, (actory air, ah pow er 
• id extras, new tiros, Spacial......................... 

*4 9 9 5 

*5 3 9 5 

M 8 9 5 

 oaon, facto ry a ir, J O x o c a f rack. Clean . . . *2695 

’7 2 OLDS 
Custom Cruiser W ayon, foctory air, pawer A extras, tanks t runs goad all >2195 

7 2 MERCURY 
>2195 fw x A i n e Cutlass 442 caupo, (actory air, all pawer <r i n r 
/ o U L U ) and extras.......................................................... J I 9 5 

12,ooo MIU OR 12 MONTH MOTORS INSURANCE CORP. 
MECHANICAL INSURANCE AVAILABLE ON MANY OF OUR 
74 OR NEWER MODELS. 

“ C O N F ID E N C E IS CAVENDER” 

Cavender Oldsmobile Co. 
1 o o 1 B ro a d w a y • 2 2 6 - 7 3 3 7 • 2 2 6 - 8 7 7 2 

737 FOBB 

73 L inco ln M a rk IV 
47 OOO m i S52So co ll 923-77o1 
75 LTO 2-door, a m -fm ra d io tap., loaded e x c e lle n t c o n d itio n 24,ooo m i 3385o 3444739 

71 L TD 2-door H A R D T O P Looded 
51495 Ask to r W eedy, 433-1448 

R I M A 

C A D IL L A C 

3 1 7 LEXINGTON 
226-7221 

1 2 ,o o o M I . / 12 M O . 

CADILLAC VALUE 

PROTECTION PLAN 

SERVICE AGREEMENT 

ON MOST 7 7 , 7 6 , 

7 5 , a n d 7 4 MODELS 

C A D I L L A C S 

>7 T c o lin OeYIUE t m e s r i * l l Stiver Silver 
I o 9 5 o 
, 7 i HDORAOO 
7 6 Red 
*9 9 5 o 
COUR! De YUH 

7 8 S M M U 

7 4 O ld s C u tla s s S u p re m e , one ow ner 
*3595 
838-4355 ofter 
7 
494-43o3 
73 OLDS CUTLASS '442’ Rad wtfh w hite swivel buckets. AM-FM tape radio, vinyl tap 33,o49 mites. Stoat at 3383o 441-4341 weekdays TiH 3 3o 
Ti i Olds Cuflass Suprem o V -l, automatic, pawer, factory air. Like now S lo ts Wit) trade. 923-2o*3 
* r $ L O i C T E m iedon' A-1 con# hon. Auto., air. 1795. 459-3937 
T r s r r m 
^ T i OSS S o lo n . F u lly I equipped. new tire s , A M PM stereo. e x tra cieon. 
S3475. 
224 4315 
223 8988 
• i i A ld * C u tla s s S u p re m e 4 doo r 
Or atop. 322oo 484-2723 
‘49 OLDS DeHo. 4-door vd , 455 cu. in. good cond. 
58oo. 
223-4291. 
735-5522________________ 
7} 6ids Delta 88' 4-doer c a r. Ho m oney dawn. 
222-o984 

7 8 
IW W I C8DBCIM 7 8 - TIK IS t OMNFXCUU 
M f l M C B 
____________________m a m a 

FLASH.. .NORTH STAR DODGE 
CUTS PRICES ON ALI BRAND 
NEW 1977 TRUCKS... 

7 o - S E M I MTB KM iB 
7g ■ RRHMl MTH IRMIIB 

K f ’ P P T H c l T G 
N 
W 
( A l U N H I H G 

W I T H G l R f l l l l l H 1 G M I M I I S 

A STEAL: 
$ 
3 
9 
9 
3 

74 L TD FO R D 4 D oor, fu lly loaded 
W ill help finance. Coll John 222-o984 

734 CHEVROLET 

■73 N O V A . 
H a tc h ’ B a c k . t o w 
M ileage $2795 923 1831 O' 924 JV9o 
■73 U b V t. H A fC H B A ^ K A ir 
P ow er 52395 226 4o21 
•75 h f l J jT s S I ow m ile a g e , m u s t se ll! Can 444 3421 
•73 NftVA iuper L o o rt-V i - auto, r a d io , h e a te r 
C le o n 
51493 tO S tln o n c in g a v a ila b le 224-441o 
Toke over p aym en ts on 
74 NOVA 
N a a c u ity . C a ll 124-oo1o a s k fo r 
F re d , o tte r 7- 922-7757 
T T T E c T T a u te , a ir , ta k e o v e r paym ents. 481 387) 
‘ 7( V F 6 a CT W uuon 
A ir, 4 speed. 
4o,ooo m i 32ooo 333 4o93 
‘Ix ^ e a o ^ T a n T io o u rT C o tiT T jT ^ ^ ^ new 595o 649 28o6 a fte r 4 
72 VCO A H a tc h b a c k 
O . a n l A M 
F M tO p v U .c k 833 4499 
72 V tfc A hatchbacC Tauto a ir, re a l low rn* 5993 342 oo42 r T T r r T V . Y ; 11;:;.;,.. 
.. 
--- 

737 FORD 

RED M AC LEASES 

NOW SHUNG 1976 
RENT CARS 
AT DISCOUNT PRICES 
• MAVERICKS 
• GRANADA* 
• PINTOS 

5 1 5 W . P A R K 

2 2 2 - 8 6 1 1 

J S T 
'71 
V t? V . 
4 S S S 
I 
674 1 35o_______ _________________ 
71 V E G A W A G O N 
L ow rn! aas s a v o r1 5113oo C all 455 684/ a fte r 3 w eekdays, a ll day weekends 

735 CHRYSLER 
BOERNE MOTORS INC 
CMP V IL E R 
P LY M O U T H S 
VO LA K I S 
D O D O * VANS 
DO DOK ANO OMC P IC K U P S lls No M ain. io e rn e 249 3544 
D IR E C T L IN * 
226 5513 
Joy G a rre tt Soles M oneyer t i C h ry s le r C o rd ob a fu ll p o w e r. 
Hickory a ir, ane ow ne r, low m ileage 
I ike new 54493 W ill tro d e 923 2883 
“* ♦ ''{ M R / ilE R 4 d oo r ‘ a uto 
5795 call 224 441o 

 cW IJ V l e r 
■ 
O rig in a l o w n e r lo a d e d le a th e r 
(rg is e control, tilt wneei Other tea lu re s P R IC E D tO SE L L I 342 o242 | 
■Tr r n r r iT V L’ -ner.r. , J-*. , fe llo w ond w hite, L O A D E D F U L L 
HUW ER W hite le ath er u ph olste ry. 
< ru ts * C ontrol, new tire s 44 OOO m i 

C ^ T 7 5 iV r NE WPOR f " W 
Supe, 

7 T 

 clean like new 
o2o- ID J 
T T C T i 

11o5o by owner 

’ i T It ^ lo * or j r 
3 seats lu ll 
B etty, 347 1731 

736 
oooGE 
I T T , 

E X E C U T IV E D E M O 
1977 f o r d M ustang ll C obra Load 
•d 
14oo m ite s 
S till in w a rra n ty 
53o94 C all 
D a v id 641 4121. nights and weekends 333-344o 

72 M A R K IV , lo a d e d , e x c e lle n t condition 334 887] 
JO M A V E R IC K 
A fte r 6 pm , 63 i-o/71 

7 6 GreenBhite 
’ T A COUKO*v|Ui 
/ O Green -Green. 
, 7 i SEDAR DeVtUE 
/O White Blue . 
, 7 , CALAIS SEDAN 
/ O GoW Brown iy p BROUGHAM 
/ J Blue Blue 
, 7 C ll DORADO 
/ J Silver Silver 
, 7 e COUPE De VUU 
/ > Hack White... 
, 7 e CALAIS COUPE 
/ > Gray Block 
,W C SEDAN De VUU 
/ J White White 
, 7 1 COUPE DeVIUE 
/ I White Black 

*8 4 5 o 

*9 9 7 5 

*7 8 9 o 

*8 1 5 o 

*8 4 9 o 

*8 6 5 o 

*7 9 9 o 

*7 6 9 o 

*7 2 9 o 

*2 9 9 o 

M A V E R IC K 2 door, 1974 6 c y l o u i to, p ow e r s te e rin g , a ir, no e q u ity , toke up payments R andy 481 3492 
73 M a v e ric k 2 d oo r B uckets L ux a ry in te rio r 
C oll 
J A 
G a riq , fo r n lo rm o tlo n , 222-8411 
73 M a v e ric k Sedan 
3o2. V J v t 
S ta n d a rd 
N e w p a in ! 
S a c r ific e below book 59oo cosh 3313 C ulebra 
73 M a v e ric k .1o2 V8. 3dr 
Pyyr Str 
A C., Lux D ecor 671 76o3 oft lp m . 
72 M A V E R IC K , v e ry clean, loaded 
A ir, outo, low m i M o n o . 222 841 1 
73 M u stan q . a ir. a u to m a tic , v e ry cie o n ' 828 6333 o fte r 7 696 o3o3 
44 M U STA N G 2oo Cu in outo. c o ll 
698-24o1 eves, weekends 
45 M U S TA N G 
Coli 
34 9 o4 6 3 
6 c y l . a u to , 555o 

47 M U STA N G D eluxe 289 V8 A uto . fo cto ry a ir, a ll p ow er im m a c u la te ' 
>1895 341 2933 

O T H E R M A K E S , 

*5 9 9 o 
MERCURY marquis 
/ O Green Green 

63 M ustang £ » c e lie n f 
P rince. 6>4 14IQ o ft 3. 
71 M u stan g , e x tra c le a n ! <i26 o r 481 2937 

63 M U STA N G , good ru n n in g cond! tion, replaced tra n s m is s io n , b ra k e s 
595o 826 4715 eves 
74 M U STA N G ll 
S269S 
Ask F o r W oody 433-1468 
’74 MUSTANG ll 
CO UPEn 
4 c y lin d e r auto a ir, power 
52995 
JA M ISO N MHS Seguin 223 32o1 
•75 M ustang ll O hio Auto, a ir, ve t lean 5295o 49?-2?47 
M U S T A N G l l M P G , 
76 
4 s p d , 
A M F M . $34oo firm 
Bob 
436 4394 a tt 6 
74 M U STA N G M ach I 4 speed, a ir. onri lm s te re o No e q u ity to k e up p aym ents, co ll R ondy 681 3692 
71 M U S T A N G 
P o w e r, a ir , good condition SHOO 149 7893 

7 S M U S T A N G J + 2 
Take a ver p a y m e n t*, no e qu tv John 
Shrug J l9 > 9 IB 
J I M U S T A N G VS A ir. a u to ,, cus to m e x te rio r, in te r io r 
46.ooo m i 
33ooo o r best Otter 684 8238 
M U S T A N G 
J 
VS a u to p o w e r steer Ina. a ir M u st sell A fte r 6 pm 
6o6 5o6/ 
NEW and used ca rs w ith no m oney down Ask fo r W oody, 433-1448 
71 P into auto, ah 
3743 623 4343 4o i 
3895; ti CB 
TO T o volo 

CHEV MALIBU 
/ O Silver 
, 7 . CHEV MONTI CARIO 
/ O Maroon White 
I fORD GRANADO GHIA 
/ O Gtay lurgundy 
I , 7 - MGI CONVfRTIBlE 
/ O Brome Block 
MARK IV 
/ J White-White 
I , , _ MARU IV r J White White i iw C LINCOLN CONTINENTAL 
/ > White Buigundy 
O / 5 o 

1 7 4 •£tctoIS4 c *1 4 3 9 o 
,W . LINCOLN CONTINENT AL - - . 
/ 4 Bion;. Brown 
5 6 5 o 
■,7 w BUICK ELECTRA 
. . . . . 
/ 4 Green Green 
4 4 5 o 

7 4 E S T 
*3 9 9 o 

’7 1 E S . ™ o" 
*2 1 9 o 

*4 2 9 o 

*5 2 9 o 

*4 6 7 5 

*4 9 4 5 

*8 7 9 5 

*8 6 9 o 

F O R R I A T A ’ S 
S P E C IA L 
O F T H E D A Y — 
DIAL 
2 2 M A TA 

 o r 2 2 7 - 4 2 8 2 

75 A LB S L d o A r ’ 
541o8. C A L L : M l- M t l 
66 OLDS 4 door7D eiio 88 New white o o ln t, ra d ia l tir e * a lec w in d o w s . a ir, p ow er b ra k e s , s te e rin g , Good cond High m iieoge 
333-3151. nites 344-7213 
'A* O LD S 98 
E x c e lle n t c o n d itio n 
Totoilv looded. 595o or bes! reason­ able o tte r 
A tte r 
6. weekends 
496 1397 
__________________ l f b L 6 $ 91 L u x u ry sedan, e xcel- lent cora. $995 824-3971 eves. 
•74 6 lds 9 passenger wagon, loaded 
53993 732-/161 o r 344-9773 o L b i 
----------- 
73 Olds D elta Royale 
...............$1558 
73 Delta M h ardto p 
.................11458 
72 Olds C o nve rtib le , re d 
. . . . 521o8 
72 C u tlas* 4-doar .........................$1358 
Auto F a ir 3313 C ulebra 433-1641 
72 O lds T o ro no do , L oa de d ! 31758. 
122-3734 c o ll o n ytim e o fte r A: p.m . i i 6 l K 
6Clod cond . fu lly e o u ip p e d 
$145o o r a s s u m e 
$125o bai and older c o r tor eauftv. 
661-3261_____________________________ 
6 l 6 s T DRO N A b o ,H 
6 o o d c o n j. 
383o or t r ode fo r Van. 696-o38o 
Take o v e r p a y m e n t* on l l Cutlass 
S uprem e. No e q u ity . C a ll 824 o911 a fte r 7- 922-7757 
T A K E O V E R P A Y M E N T S . 
72 
OLDS C u tta ts, 924 5626 
74 TOR A n A b o 3342s 
__________C A L L ; 341 9412 
73 TO RO NADO ^u ’ iv loaded M ust 

— 1977 DODGE PICKUP— 
#8336 
★ H#ovy Duty a u f t h , ★ 225 6 Cylinder, ★ Tinttd 
Gloss, ★ Heavy Duty Radiator it Direct Reading 
Gauges, # (5 ) H78X15 Black Wall Tires, # 6 1 o o 
GYW Pkg. # Uses Regular Gas, ★ Power Brakes, it Excellent Vehicle for Commercial and Personal 
Transportation. 

 sa crifice . 349 552o. 

741 - P IY M W ITH 

W f t U & T I B T T ^ o T T o w e ^ n T w tire s , g o o d c o r. M u s t s e ll! 5o34 
Round Toole, 656-5o98 
1978 b u S T E R sla nt 4 
37o8-498-8317 o tte r 6; 
74 G old D u ster S port 2^4-4934 
A ll e x tra *, ♦ goad an aas 
•6i P ly . B e lv e d e re in in t Cond 
M oving M ust Sell! 684-5429 
'48 P ly m o u t h B elvedere, 4-door, nice c a r SSYS. 441-3o84 ; 441-4741 

 r64 P l ^ m S u T h te i' v e ^e re ------- 
L ike new ! 341-9412 
1975 P L Y M O U tH D U S TE R t i m 
12,oo8 m ite *. Ask tor G reg, 433-1444 
71 P lV M O u Y h D U S tE R 348 
4-speed, ra c in g c a m , h ta d a r t in ­ stalled. W ill (w o p cam ta s u it b u y e r. 
Body s lig h tly rough 51888 Del R io; 
1-775-6252.__________________________ 
1 9 /i P lym o u th F u ry ...................51895 
Ask to r D a vid 43S-1447 

A Good Selection of 1977 4 Wheel Drive 
Ramchargers and Pickups. Also a good 
Selection of 
Sportsman 
Wagons and 
Vans. 

S E R V IC E S P E C IA L 

T H E N T U N E - U P N O W A T 
TOM BENSON 
CHEVROLET 

I " tu n e- u p SPECIAL 

| 
4 -c y l. 
6 -c y l. 
8 -c y l. 
I n o w o n ly n o w o n ly n o w o n ly 

$ 2 
6 
2 5 
$3 2 *® 
$ 3 
8 
6 4 

A pp lie s to m ost C h e v ro le t cars. Price in clu d e s p o rts a nd n o rm a l lo b o r. 

Get That Great Feeling 
Parts 

I 

Hfl| With Genuine GM Pari 

NORTH STAR DODGE 
7 2 4 2 S a n P e d r o 
3 4 1 - 2 2 5 1 

T i 

SCOUT lls 
OUT 

• SERVICE H O U R S • 
M O N D A Y -S A T U R D A Y 7 A .M .-7 P .M . 
O f FIR EXPIRES JA N . 3 1 . 1 o 7 7 

"A COMPLETE AU TO M O TIVE W ORLD 

L O O P 4 1 o N O R T H e t S A N P E D R O 
341-3311 

72 Plymaudi Fury III 
4-door, V -l. a u to o lr. o nd c o w e r. 
42 8o8 m iles 
................................... $1495 
JA M IS O N M trs 223-3281. Seguin 
71 P ly m o u th F u ry 111 
A ir, uuto . e xcellent cond 5183o 481-2185. 

74 PLYMOUTH FURY III 
2-dr V I, aute., air, power Under 
18.o8o mi ............................. 
52814. 
By owner Call 494-7193. 

7 5 P IN T O 2 do o r iO< rifle e ' $’ 95o 533 3 
A u to 
76 

NEW and PRE-OWNED 
CAR SALES 
SHOWROOMS 
Open Mon.-Frf. • A.M. 
To 6 P.M. 
Sat. 8 A.M. to 4 P.M. 
SHOP INDOORS 

74 PINTO RUNABOUT 
Auto air, 31993 349 2674 

49 Plymouth Pury III 4-dear Sedan. auto. 5445-1527 Culebra 
T m V k A b O fH ie’ie llite i i i . air, aute. 59oo 494-8144 
T m jV W b U T iV iA T E L L lffe W 
Ina + a ir, pow er ste e rin g vin yl roof, bucket seats, console 633 8336 
/ } P ly m o u th Su'ulHte i d o o r hard top. 
A uto t o o l s h a rp ! 
596o-3527 
Culebr a 
________________________ 
'48 P L Y M d litH , very good 5295 
441-1oo4; 441-4741 
•4f htym outli Vs good m otor, needs some work 52oo 696 23S6 
71 R oadrunner Wide tire s, 3*1. sidepipes 4 on-floor, M allory, Hoi try, 224-562o 

NEW 7 6 SCOUT Pick up TERRA 
* I SASS *5 8 2 9 

NEW 77 SCOUT ll #1539S ...........................*5 7 5 9 

NEW 7 7 SCOUT ll 4*4, *i5 6 9 S ....................*6 6 o 5 

M A N Y MODELS TO CHOOSE FROM ! 

+ 
WE ARE SCOUT SPECIALISTS 
^ 
M 
TEST DRIVE ONE TO D A Y ! w 

Plu K I i n Volvo l h Scout D e a le r 

Awheel eM Peeler ker Parve, tmhrn, (a rv tce 
I 3 2 B ALC O N IE S N O R T H 
7 3 2 - 3 1 4 3 
U lt IM-1o ae WeeedgHand 

746 • \m i I COMMERCIAL 
TMIiHB-KHES 

DUAL WHEEL 
■74 C H E V R O L E T S IL V E R A D O . 
Gooseneck connection, e le c tric , 
17,ooo actual miles. Uke new! 5785o. 
313-2ooo or 512-5596. ir g A M I M b dios.lc, ait power, fa c to ry a ir, co m p a r top. E x tra clean 52985.9o% financing available 
224-441o 
•75 t i domino. Loaded. Low miles. 
Like new. 5393o. 19? 2247. n I (Camino. Loaded qoud cond 
684-8526. 
Loa ded, 

746 • TRUCKS I CGtAMFRCIAl 
TMHHB-MSES 

74 JERP Wogoneer. 4-wheel drive, paw er equ ip p e d , a s k in g 55,oo6 muet sell. 49o 1942 leave m esse ae tw fn p le x , 

743 - 

74? PONTIAC_ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ 

■ll B O N N E r a T T T a o r twiupe 
Priced to sell. Still under w arranty. 
Jim Maiden 824-o41! 
T r E’ f t L & I BTT 
% 

BIG LUXURY 
74 Cadillac D eville 
............... 542oo 
73 Grand P rix, many tx tra s 52495 
Auto Fair 1515 Culeb ra 415-1441 
68 Chevelle waaon 4 

746 • TRUCKS I 
TRAILERS BUSES 

 only 
o897 
Air heal! 
8 27-77 547oo or best otter | u tte r ft pm 
73 f i r e b i r d . o*ou!>»u' o • »ondv^ 
H oneycom b w heals, v a ry clean 
5M7I. 224-o291____________________ 

74 PINTO RunaboutAuto 
OU 

1974 P l o u to . (J ra d io ' 

Runabout H g lch p g ck, vinyl roof. jteet betted e lle n ! c o n d itio n iv.449. 
1 titte r 6 and w eekends 

69 Fair lone 3oo, 2-dr. 224 4954 
Just moke payments Yoke trode 
O T T O 1 ON n v w lo * tiileage, economical 
824 48o4 of 
■ 7446 t i Ford R u a n try S quire Wagon 
51843 Ask tor O V 43J 1443_______ 
66 FORD Coupe, runs very uooZ, 
*493 641 36o4 641 4741 
75 FORD Custom sedan 
52)93 
73 
MERCURY 
Montego sedon 
............................ 
51993 
GOOD CARS' 48o) $ FLORES 
T iS T T o T ir r js t T r r n e e T r re p a ir 515o 437 7611 atte 
I 
,6 T S K 17 4 doer ' o u ta i'r u n i g re a t 
5495 224-o291 k 6 *F « T ,T, " l f 73 F xcellent ig n d ’ tiaw. must sell 828 113o 
67 kerd bo to n e 3o4 4-doar Clean ra n * good' 
F b f c D 'U it t e r p o # ! 
' 
■ e . 
£ CSLI tty I1? / f it ! 

5)95-3527 Culebra y r 
,tvi power brakes, a ir. auto 
Over pox merits No 

TTTTTTcTrTTTTT 
Wafa iwooon 
Power gnd a ir, must soc 'lice, toke 
Over payments Con Bud 
924 7151 to o t, vinyl top r , ra d io power steering 
349 7614 

74 PINTO S2289 
S id o n wagon Auto an ra d io 
H E 6 4P H ILL MCCOMBS 
FO N D SOU THSID E 
I9Q1 S W M ilita ry 922 4317 

73 P in to w a g o n o n e o w n e r m ile a g e 824 9343, 681 79)7 ■ 
Low 

74 J BIRD Gold w ith geld leather interior Every o ption except sun ro o t 
14 OOO m ile s , o r ig a w n e r 
$55oo 653 187o 

7o T B I R D , n o t a u t l y , to k e u p p a y m e n ts , R o n d y 481 3692 

67 
T H U N D E R B I R D h a r d t o p . 
2 d o o r, fu lly e q u ip p e d , r e a l c le a n , 
$895 
141 o294 

7 4 T H U N D E R B IR D toke over payments, no equity c 
Ighn S lim g jJ9 6948 

69 T M U N D t R b lH D , la u d e d 

739 
MERCURY 

7 4 M E R C U R Y C o u g a r X R T , lo a d ad, a ll p o w e r, a m tm ta p e , $58oo 
431-7494 

7 3 M e r c u r y b r a n d M a r q u is , t u li p a w e r, fa c to r y a ir . a n e o w n e r L o w m ile a g e 
M ic h e lin tir e s 
L ik e n e w . 
53493 W ill tro d e , 921-1881 

73 M E R C U R Y G r a n d M o r g u e . 
L o o d e d la w m ile a g e 
B a rg a in I 
484-4187. 
_________________ 
77 M E R C U R Y M a r q u is W a g o n 
448, a ir . p o w e r , r a d io , lu g r a c k 
R a d ia ls , M id la n d C B , e x c e lle n t co n d 51795 434-2o74 A tte r 3pm i \ W r ^ - u & v M ,i7 ” j T T S w r r a ir, s te re o 8145o D riv e to a p precQie B -g L o ' tee' 8/8 7/iH 

'43 M e r c u r y V I. a u to m a tic , p o w e r, f o c t o r y a ir , e x c e p t io n a lly c le a n i/9 5 W ill tr a d e 911-3883 

M U S T1 
L l " " Fi '^ 'e r c i i r Y 'T X orgiTis 
4 d o o r 
A ll p a w e r, a ir 
O w n e r. W ill h e lp h n a n c e 344-o1o) 

N ic e 579 3 274 6291 

74 F O R D L T D 2 d o o r 
I o v e r p a y m e n ts , no e g u itr 

ITTTTT ' dT " 1 1 5 } J o rn 
I $24(K) 4V4 1o?^ 

• t r T S B T J T 'E , io u .. 
TTM ii ti et 

? y r 
V8, cur, power brakes, slue 
I s e u tv 
A M k M tape Jv.uuii 
^iVkacitftetfc. th o .p ' 
C a ll 341 39)3 

7 4 d M A l C E N G C R $995 ” 
C A LL 34t 19)3________ 
'/1 fh o ll* n q « 'r S p o rts , a u to air"! li'i x n Moke tiq ym e nU 734 4934 a cond 
T 
6« fcJS 8 / jy or 6 i> 

7 7 7 K S 7 a o r i i . a u to p o w e r, i 
F rn s te re o 349 8795 
TH Tiocger Special Editiun 
M A K E P a y m e n ts 224 *954 a e a 'W 
M 
'j : t, :ir'nV'< r i 'sio. 

T T S C T T ' good aas i o ile r 4 pn 
72 M A F Swinger l-4 r . itgPdBrE, eery clean 51495 m T P T T T 
T 
T m u gnuin. duals, new fire s , lim ite d f-dition SL395 J44 HOO o ft 4 j \ b e ic e Challenger- 51 i f F i l i 4IV 5 o tte r J 
B H o3o3 
74 b o d y 
I R 
I 
B d T o T T r Von Al tro tk , ice box, P lu sh, c a rp e te d 
Beautiful HXM) 6/4 28o? 
DO&<eC 
' t i C o ro n e l a ir, p o w e r 
S te e rin g b ra k e s , 4 dr exc tire s jib Cibolo fr a il, U n iv e rs a l City 

 k l 6 5 b b f I o r e n e l, a u t e ' r u n t 
R i a l 18*5 214-429) 

‘48 burlge Lpronel J <Juor loaded f i j i C jfo n , ftHjvon(jj>u A/6 o9i i 

 i i b d b d # Kickup, sloni i. i lf T . 
* * i 3o44, 441-4741 
• tT T O P e r v’ M t 
B IM lee p in g lp p rtm e n t) 3o,6oo m ile s. • u«o, pow er stee ring C A L L 822 5k14 

717 FOW_ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ 
A lX U b alJto alJc t io n " 
P u b lic A u c tio n IR M , J o n 18th 
3188 8 W M ilit a r y D r 934-4449 

 i i w g 
- m b s 
4 r u -, T 
»“ r m m o d e l! 
N e < iv w n p a y m e n t w it h m ,m ." r a c r e d it 
A s k ta r 
W e e d y , 
481-1448_______________________ 

• 
I l f *47 M u s lu n g C o n v e r tib le in t e n A n t g n ig i A ll p a w e r a n d a i r , 
4 8 ,88o n u 
$1468 
414 4986 O tte r 7 p_rn m i UU, VU, 
BIG COUNTRY FORD b a n A n to n io 
C a ll: 
I V OHO 
'y jY W W T B V 5 P 5 A K wogoii h fe| new, s u p e r clean H to s h J35 /o/1 
45.8Co mi 825oo 

 i i f u n 
, ta k e u p p a y m e n t* , c e il 

1974 F p r d G r a n d * . L O A D E D I 4748 n u t * * S till m w a r r a n ty 84995 C a ll: 
O a v id i 4 4 1 -4 1 1 1 , n ig h t s a n d w e e - 
B e n d s J U J44o 

 re FO R D L T O 
E x c e lle n t lo nd T , m ust set!' te s t o tte r 454 4271 

73 t O rd i t p 
V - l, a u to m a tic , pawer, ta c te ry a ir, e xcellen t condi lion 5)4*3 WHI tro d e 911 3841 
7 4 F o rd M a v e r ic t ' one o w n e r 
28 OOO m iles >28 4333 otte r J 494 OJO) 

F O N D M U S T A N G i spd , 4 c y l C lean! spd r s s F - l i i i 

43 
S ta n d 
432 423o inTe-'H un 

 f l 'l AB'fl K;7iT'.'V"l ", y I " I n Jy Her 
M ust sell 
G oing ave) spas. 
S2SoQ 734 6/72 
'73 I O R b F IN T O W oaon Lu« <u<T a ir, re b u ilt e n * w ith a p p ro x 
5ooo m i A sking |I o M S II 1417 na 818o4 
~ r m rB T f T i n --------------- 
*74 O rand T o rin o t m V - j 
524*8 
‘73 M a v p ric k Ste s h in 
...............595o 
71 Cpu f o r New h r# * 
. . . ____ s ilt # 
Aute F p tr 1515 Culebra 415 1441 e r n r a r e i u i ion woaon a ulu uO'-rt h p n s o o 'tU lig n , V45U 644-8372 
73 FORD T Bird t o k e o v e r p a y m e n i* . no e q u ity 
John Slump. 349 6948 

Y T f i 7 T ua rm # b ro u g h a m 2 d e a r hardtop Real nice F a tly eg, ope4 . 
824-9545. 481-2917 
FTTb’Sb To R1H6 BF 
"Sports roof. 2 door n il I ru n s a r e a l 
SMSC ti owner 6VV PJM 
FCT U i. f 

3o2 V 8. sld rn 
P riv a te 

- T T iP ' l. 'T At B l A M P r s to h o n w u g o n , la ud e d! ye ra c k , r u n * g oo d lo o k s 
8 / Owl m ile s m echanic od by 
Gillespie 38oo OO 344 4836 i9>7tfA LA X "ti 

■ 
4 dc lu g a o good 

J W i 
Ask Far © re g 4)3 1444 t W 'ggTgxi; rH |TiU H Is k Ur 
Crag. 43)14*4 m 

 f USI 
7 8 G R A N A D A 2 d o o r pOynienttB, no t^ y H V r 
John Shmp, i4V 6V4I 

TT '& IA W A b A lo o d .d f a k . S , pavm entsN o dawn call 
M ona, 
2 2 3 - 8 6 1 1 ________ 

 lf / 4 O ra n f a r in a S ta tio n W a g on 
32893 Ask ta r U a.M l, 411 I H I 

T J T n n W t o l l N o B ra w g k a m , original awner 
19,888 m i. R egular gas, g a w tr s te e rin g , seats, w in ­ dow*. disc brakes, a ir. autom atic, am tm s ta r*# , split septs, 4 * *o 8 c e n t r a l♦ 9 a th a r a x t r g * . 51788. 
818-4111; 149 19o1 f’4 G R A N T 6 B I n S ~ T *Joe"" ou lo o lr , g a w a r s te e rin g , ne m o n e y down, toke up paym ents call Randy. 
481 1491 
TT C T a H T 6 B IN o i i ii.; auto, air, mops, all pawar tll9 3 s » o278 iron tonne id io t 41993 Ask 
T ? 7 e 
For O V 43s 14*3 ■ 

 r y r g f i r r s g m b ■ am 51998 Ask tar Wpagy, 488-l44i 
Brough rn 

75 CHUI TORINO SQUIRE wagon with third soot. Luggage rack Extra clean, law miiaoaa 84189 

W A N I AO H S I * * * 

T h u n d e rb ird 197o A ll O ptions Good condition 
M ust liq u id a te 
5938 ra sh 433 164)_____________ _________ 

7! T h u n d e rb ird F u ll p o w e r fa c to ry a ir e x c e lle n t c o n d itio n 51795 W ill tro de 921 2881 
74 THUNDERBIRD 
A ir outu OH power 
A M F M slu r cc 

H 
H i M P M IL l M C CO M BS 
» O RD SOU t H S ID E 
I VU' S A M a llo ry 972-631/ 
1975 TORINO 4 door 82995 

74o OLDSMOBILE 

Ask For O V 4)3 1443 

/3 8 
LINCOLN 

7o B lack L in c o ln Coe 81,45o 323o S 
W M ilita ry 92) 4744-421 8911 

 i t C o n tin e n ta l M a rk IV 
48.o68 m iles S3 9o6 >14 9386 
__________ 

C O N T IN E N T A L M A R Y 'iV ." 7) 
F u lly touuert 53384 434 *o77 
L f A V IN ti IO A N 
J N f I 
4 13 
I t i c Dc r C iro n , Ii 
See to u 

1976 L in c o ln C a n '.n e n ta i 4 d o o r 
L oa de d 
W ilt s a r.ritic * 51288. Cot) 
Clyde R a w * 224 >411 or n j t i n i i I mteln Continentqi w hile int J d r , I ow nc w ith oh e x tra s See of 
O orogu 4o« >. u iJoil $ 

B la ck, w ith 
. sect. br der 
M ila m Bldg 

73 MANK IV 
All e x t r a * , low m ile o ye srsoo *9 * 7*41 
91 MARK IV e xce lle n t thregahoui}, not e x o a a e ra te d 535o6 828 4258 
Canyon L ake 1118»4 2663 
MARK IV 75 lr 

 tape leo tin 

 lie aud itio n tm stereo e r s e a ts v in y l top. ll' 
$785o 

71 M A R K IV . Loaded, m u s t S ell! 
3439$ CA L L 349 o247________ 

71 M A R K 'tv 13 DOO m iles, e xce lle n t cond 51775 458 1854 
74 M A R K IV 
O w n e r, la w m ilage 
E x ira m c * jib . HIO 344 8211 
455 *323 
____ 
I i MARS la d e ii t adio n a d 
L o a 

1972 MARK m n o M v iv I MC E I L f NT CON 

/31 • HHCUHv 

1971 C O M ET 
I 
Ask ter P ovid <33 144/ 
81293 

64 COMET 
Cleun VIVO 694 
4) C O M E T 
R uns. *1 to r p 
(Falcon in te rc h o n y y ) 734 6841 
J I CO UG AR A ir, p a w e r, o u tu m u l i t 81868 4>t 2o81 o tte r 4 
1972 (iouG A R 
81493 Call 341 9412 
T i" td U G A R * I d o o r h a rd to p , Vs outo clean H I K >4* 3464 

74 C O U G A R 
F u lly lo u t 
^ r 
, 
. .. loaded, m u s t sell im m e d ia te ly I 5326o 4 39 14o? 
78 COUGAR, vtry good. 415o 
641 - ju pe M I 4741 
________ ____ 
7'. COUGAR x R J E xce lle nt con ditlon 4)3oo or bes) otter 633 48o: gftgr 3 _______ 
• I i COUGAR XIi i r n 
Casette Quad. 
$3993. att 6 736 

^ J ) T a m T m mo w a rro n ty l i i i >16/ 

49 MARQUIS Wagon, Olr, am tm stereo, pow er, brakes, w indow s steering 
Make o ffe r 
22a *1o6, 
241 S i# 

7 5 OLDSMOBILE 
DELTA KOY ALLI 
4-DOORS 

CHOOSE FROM 2 
OMIT 

$ 2 8 o o . E a c h 
Sa*; JAMIS DUDS 
WINN S STOKES INC. m s ©IMBUS to. 1114224 

C UTLASS 197J. L ie * new M u st se lll 
W ill hteo hnance C a ll John 221 8986 
75 (.U T L J is l'la la a Z JU lF U steieu e scellent cond 696 4733 a tte r 5 

'7 T '{ J T L A » ta lo n M o ;) ' o v o ,le b U ephons in c lu d in g A M -F M . 4 tra c k 
S5295 314-87)3 a tte r 
T T 'u 't L ASS SUium"■ T T « rrn 7 7 a r i n t otter 
•auipped 
3)4 3151 
------------- 71 fu Tloss S H 6 *» 5 4 ------------ 
Just 'hoke p aym en ts toke trade 
7 t C u tlass S uprem e V in y l rToP. 
F M Stereo Tope, A ir, 52o3o 636 o2J6, otter J. 
I fYUn Ast I'JFTEiWr 'WCU '• 
4 bur r el, new tra n s m is sio n , new shock*, power bran** steering a ir, 
8 ’ rack slerwo 481 P IX Ask tor Bot; 

7o CulfOkS Supreme 224 4954 
M A K E P A Y M E N T S Take trode 
•VI c k l f l i l t Suprem e CecaMaal cand inside ond out. 81284 812-99)7 atter 5 

T T O ! V l A i t Suprem e Aula , air, 
AM te a t 
V tr y clean, m u tt s tilt 
341-1971, 496 8113 
Tn r n 'AtvtJPftftft! au t?u air Like new 5JS95 732 4454 otter 5 

 m S A n 'T 'TS i t L L IT '----------- 
71 Cutlass priced air Oulu 5673 494 money myself 

 r lam 
)13? 
Need money m ysflt. '74 OLDS 98 
D eluxe 2 d o o r, nqrdtQP- loaded] 
426oo or best otter IJJ 3837 
| 
‘I i O I O ', i i f A ll p o w e r and a ir 
Radials 42995 J44 9VI8 
T T C b t ^ u n a b l e Cxcelldnl condition SI 73o Call Mike, 828 6764 
Or 8147184 
1/4 b L D S C u stom c ru is e r w agon, 
E x c e lle n t cand 
51593 
144-4111 
Ts'. m f u r l ' A t t iU P B F W r hoi atop v t. apio, an 
CALL 349 1*43 ■ power, 41893 r n >i3s‘ fanj»; talon i u.bii m ile s O ne o w n e r 
84393 828-4145 u tte r 7 494 U M I 

1974 F ire b ird E so irit, pow er, a ir. im m aculate. $4ooo firm . 691 1215. 
Atter 5 
74 (MRETB'fib Loaded, lo^s of e x ­ tras plus LB Must sell 332 8214 
71 f ir e b ir d P ow er and a ir A M -F M 
I tra c k . 51995-9H-M68______________ 
6V I IR I HIRD, S H A R P ! 
I 
C oll 141-9412 
71 G ra n d ^ r ix . A ssum e b a la n c e . sm all fa u lty 
F o r in fo rm a tio n ca ll 
Pan W agner. 122-8411 
75 G rand P rix LJ p ackage Super 
L o a d e d ' E x c e lle n t c o n d itio n F o r in fo rm a tio n ca ll 
J A 
C o ria . 
1211-8411 
74 t R A ND T-RlX LJ 
Loaded A sh 
224 4241, n ite s to r S onny 
Wo< k o tte r5 p m 6 S ^ 3 9 7 J ^ H H H H B H H P 
176 Grand b r . n w ml excellent cond . 
AM FM s te re o 
P o w e r 

' I i C R A N FR i k , e x t r a c le a n , a n p o w e r , f o c t o r y a i r . 
$ 2 1 8 3 . 
9 o % tin o n c in g a v o ilo b le 224-441o 
7o G R A N u p Tx 
F o lly e a u ip u c ii" 
N e w tir e s , b r a k e s , s h a c k s iv ,OOO m l. s u e s 
M r 
M ille r : 7144111, S S weak d ay*.__________________________ 

 t i G R A N P R IX , lik e n e w , 28 8oo im 
E m i ly to k e u p p a y m e n ts , *o4-1882 i i O RAN p A I) 1 SJ. o i r , p o w e r s te e r in g , b r o k e t , b e s t o t t e r o v e r 
>1,89'. 912 8o21______________________I 

I * 6 r A I > F f t l k I i ! C liv e r B lu e , p a w e r w in d o w s , A M F M s t e r e * , ta p e d e c k 
A s k in g 4 3 288 o r b e s t o tte r. A tte r 4 ‘ f'O »oo6 

11*9 L f M A N S a u to , a n , A M f b i s te re o I t r a c k , IVOO 492 1684 
■/I i F W A F; r ~ oT ~ ’ U O ' ■ J 1 T H T T 
24 V634 B ito re 4PM 
____________ 
I i le M o n s Lu«ur"yToupe 
Super clean' Call Flores, 224 3316 
41 LeM ans 3 spd . VS, air, AM FM cassette 5*6o Att S 434 o2o4 

OO 
B T 
LE 
S A B R E 
'V64 
5, 
OW NE R CALL 927 129* 
JI L U X U R Y L E M A N S , s ilv e r block V ery nice 51938. 214-o191 
*7 # o n tid c. blue, c le a n , looUrd. 
4-dr 8793 4)1-7974 dtter * 16 H 
F O N f l A f 76 B o n n 'e vilU 4 door 
B ro u g h a m , 7ooo m c C o m pletely e le c tric , fully loaded Cost 586oo, sell 
565oo 49? 74 U M 
7) Pontiac Catalina V I automatic po war, a factory air, E x c tlle n l con 
BOM* >1493 Will trod# 9162881 
JI Pontiac Catalina 2 door nut mop 
Goad looking, goad transportation 
No m onty down Call John, 222-8984 
•*> Pondu. r , ; i » ^ w v n . i . T ja 
Sir Bks, A C 674 76o3 att 4pm 
4 l' » 6lT hA C "C P clebnTo'upe. Tit 
5495 711 3824 rn 
• 7 r p b N f r A ’f~ G H A N D ~ s A ^ AFT 
Wagon. outo. air, power, very deonl one owner, 81,13o J44-9326 atter J 

1 
B6 MT i Ad L tM A M i--------- 
J door h a r d t o p , Leaded! I 
>149>~ 
TO M BENSON IM P O R TS 
■ 
OOM SAN P E D R O 
M I I I M 
' n ' B b W T T T r T p ic k u p nWo poyments, cpl! 924 M I* 
# Pp*tigc LeMons id o g r hardtop 
V I outometic, power, (ectory air 
Exceptioneily cieon HIO S W ill trade 
P H I M ) 
■ 
Pan hoc Le M ens W agon, '71, A l l ru d 'U ls c ru is e . 
A M F M 
CB rtc iev g r, I O w ner, o k te lle n l cond I 
82,4oo N II U IS 

4 Door, brakes 
*74 Pontiac isMaits uuto, a ir, pow er stearin 
E Mire clean 
. $2719 
H E M P H IL L MCCOMBS 
FO R D S O U TH S ID E 
19o1 S A M ilita ry 822-6111 

71 P ontiac LeM ans Sedan 3 dear hardtop 5458 3517 C u le b ra _________ 
197? Pontiac Luxury L e U u n i, on* owner Excellent condition 8214145 otter J i i i o1o1 
_________ 
Pu'itigc W o r i Wugon luuiied] 
H See at T u c k e d 
Nut ou'l'" " U 
! HW n o r. S.- )V5 
T i* UCH 
I IUJ 
653 6o9V 
’i i F 6 H T IA C i i 6 A M T t gnsporT? 
I,,,ii ,ue< iq> ' SIV1, 34V VI 
U I oufo' 

Air mi 
1-318-1841, 

Y TB IC TD IY E R B w..on heeler, tapedeck, radio. 2$,Sa 
Gag* 
(4*8 silos t * d r * » i * . _______________ 

U g rc u ry Cegrt 71 V ery g*#d. V T ilandord Excellent Econgrtiy A m 
•ngS IJM -413 1641 

S e ll n o lo n g e r n e e d e d h o u s e h o ld ite m s in th e 

E x p r e » s - N e w s 

Call 

2 2 5 - 1 6 6 6 

Just to y “ Charge Ii" 

 e o * t r , o»r4 sac cond >44 i n t uTT SklTVA'f Wogen,' euio'stlcl' air, new tire*, battery, power br Me*, rely clean 51, eg* *94-4817 
T o k * o v e r p a y m e n t* en ‘74 Kl* rebtrg Ne enuity. CPK 824 o918 o tk tor Fred, p tttr J i l l JJU 
-T,i-'P -L sV LM Loo de d UndeT w a rra n ty til July O nly 4.4oo m i 
85795 673 o31o 
■ i m n im h i m power steer m e. b ra k e *, w indow *. a ir, 4 speed 
H oneycom b w heel*. 
22,8o8 m ile* *4158 Br rn 
HIO S W 
M ilitary D r ^ ^ 9 l ^ * M 
T r i b a n i a u ~ ^ ' ' r v u ' d n r 
Sacrifice tor 531oo 4V4 3149 

743 MISCtUARtm AUTOS 
— m x I v ! i f u r m r 
1973 CARS FOR SALE 
M I 7211 
Corner A irdPrt Blvd and Holm Rd 
^ ■ X r . v O 
T T ? 5 T T 

78 Trom e 2 dr. 
IO Ambassador * »ld ........ 771 
*7 Ford wagon ........................... 
72 Ford wogon 
..................... 
*9 Chevy needs work 
............. 
49 Buick 4 d r.............................. 
SMITH'S Usa© Cars 
7o'.' V A L AMO 
226 9144 

Cleon ip )* Used Cars iii: 
B U D G E T R E N T A CAR MT 4443 
111 N E Load 416 et A irport Blvd. 

5795* 
UPS. 
5495. 
5495. 
8495. 
8195 
SIPS, 

Hertz Is StHtag Quality 
Used C a rt Prom Our Rental Pleat 
(1973 U S E D ) t i l l SOUTH T E R M IN A L 
For inform ation Call 8269**3 
MECHANICS s p e c ia l s 
*7 Ford 6door ................................$164 
61 Ford Folrlone 
..................... s il l 
Aute F a ir ISIS Culebra 413-1441 
N E E D f R i Tkr c » 6 * t A t l & N ’ > I hove NEW and U S E D . Various sties end models ie cheese from 
I w ill handle your financing and sm all down p a y m e n t*, and little c red it 
Cow 
Bob Puente. 222-8411 
S E L L IN G YO U R CAR » 
H i -p r ic e t p a id to r c le a n C a r t . 
Trucks etc 222 IM I 

73 C H E V Y D E L U X E P IC K U P , 6 cyl., standard. > J Ion, I' bed, 19,ooo m iles. A ir, rad io , p e rfe c t! $31oo. 
Marshall, 534-5418. Eves. 225 7o64 
" '•»4 E M b'v V 'L u 9 ---------------- 
M ake otter 8 2 6 M *4 
74 C H E V Y L uv M ik a d o , ex fro leon, low m l. M2-2881; M9-1o42 

/T C T f V V lU V liU o d o T 
» p « C B E ow m ileage Beautiful cond $1993. 
436o113. 
-T T C H l^ V L 'u i'A Ic tu o ----------- 
I -owner, low mi 828 1*o2 
H C H E V Y LU V pickuo. New tire * md b attery 
Redie, heater, stand 
1*oo Atter I p.m .: 451-9412. l l " H E W I W shell cove*', moos h a rp 1 $32oo 675o71Q d a y* or gve< 
1971 CHE-V V Wickiup 31745 
Ask tor G reg. 411-1446 

CE r r r w m b -A u " — 

SOM! REPOSSESSIONS 
AVAILABLE 
BANK RATE FINANCING 
SUPERIOR PONTIAC 
92o BROADWAY 
227-5o41 r n ADEWtNDS AUTO SALES 
*WE FINA N C E* 
3oo1 SW M ILITA R Y 
922 I/Oil r e m b A K t-------------------- credit 
Application* accepted by phone 
MI-9412 
. 
I i i i Volkswagen S q u a re b a c k ' 
7 
*9 Chevy im pala hardtop 
79 M ercu ry B roufhem . loaded like 

C E N T E R A UTO SALES 
2917 R O O S E V E L T 9163139 
WE B U Y S E LL 
USED CARS A N D TRUCKS 

K I N N E Y M O T O R S 
13928 BROADWAY 
828 22U 

744 - ClttTOMUEO CUI. SPUD 
RACING CASS 

 m om 
C h evy b a la n c e d and b lu e p rin te d A cce ll ign., cyclone header*, chrome Turbo 4oo 14 x 1o, 
13x7 An tens M and M Rocemasler 
Everything new 316 4797 

WK k c a r ’ Late model Sportsman 
Celt 419-6169, 

746 • HUCKS I COMMERCIAL 

ADAMS TRUCK Cli 
NE W ond U SED 
TR U C K P A R TS 
I 
1914 R O O S E V E LT 
3115161 
« TI W r i U t 6 A u W . okl— 
I 
Public Auctmn. I p m , Jan lith 
II M S W M ilita ry D r 9266469 
S T » m 5 w m Tt e t r u c k s 
• 16 P R O B A N D T 
2262111 i f B lo t e ~ 'cTr 
•O.JOW) S, / Jj I eye n n e clean o r 
_______ day*. 227 2o68. mghfs 
>261441__________ 
P O A # 1 M avine. must sell 'f l 
DODGE V A N 4* ta il. SIMO A l* * 78 
DATSUN W AGO N, a ir. PM . rectm mg scots, to mpg a Honey at SSM! 
MI-8427 
T I e a i V K f l L t f E lfo m ln a AM 
FM 6 tr*c k . auto power, vinyl rapt 
Tonneau cover, m pg*, ra d ia l*, ax good 
By owner 
524o4 caption atty 
*11 1137 cnifvRdifT IU,,-.lira 
Deiux*. New oamt, I speed. 281 very good 
SS95 cash 
341 48*2 
611 o382. 
' i i Chevralel pickup. Must se* to believe Just Ilk * new. Cam per cover. Call for inform ation Only 
J), MO miles 
Jo* 
Edgehout* 
222-8411____________ 
*fj C MC V RQ I ET pickup w 'lh'H D springs and compar shell Excellent shape Atter 6 pm 65/119o 

■ T i7 H F ; » a t P r ^ T u r i / / B v i auto , power 
*!**( mg. 
4121o 
648-8o21 iW A Chevrolet Silverado, pickup loaded Cat) 681 o242, 
'i i cTievr'olel ' . Cpn' new V-i, *lAn 
<iuip transmission, Power 
M fd *r. New tire* *5*3 
921 IM I 
T r m r V T C T T T T o T 

Will trad* 

B M C T c T e v T c ffl 
D ual w h ee l* w ith ca m p e r lo a d e d 
Ask for Sonny, work. 224 4241, r^M a tte r 5 pm 633-3973. i r c W l W 
T O i T T T d d a a ^ mac Ute ta I 872M Colt M9-I641. 
T I T h f W 
T ^ . I uer i o e c ^ n ; ten. 
VI Oulu air. power 524M 7)3 6)21 
< f| --------------- 

Custom delux*, pawer, air, law mi 
IM M 117 *131 
W 
I h I v V £ l f Custom D xTTm large 
6. standard, air. 
SHM 
J49 2*74 

COMMEBCIAL 

^ B v ^ T /T a g tirevwheels. Extro nice. 3795 See to oopreclate 734-o515. 
■Vi 
»' f. / - pickup. 4 wheel dr 
548oo Also Camper shell tor LWB, 
*125 Flat bed to tit 75 Ford I ton ptckuo 
82oo. 
R o ckport. 
TX 
|1 729-1538 or 729 64o1. 
'i i Cnevy pickup. 6 stand, stcpside. ww tire*. 5393 434 7446 no call* 
O ffe r 9PM 
73 
C H E V Y 
S ilv e r a d o 
S w i. tfe n d o rd v8. a ir 926 3424 
H Chevy 6. stu n d a rd 5WB 
31973 
JI C h e w <> ten loaded LWB 82o73 
'49 F o rd V an 4 stan d ard 
____11o75 
2o2 New Ldredo Hwy 9262211 
44 M I W l i b con aition, 8793 116 Blue Star 723 5236 
K T C T m i T C T W 
T ton .'-good 
. ..inning condition 5493 7M-2351 or 
712 4896 

32)5o 498-24o4; oft. 6 
'76 E x p lo re r v* to sacriticg. $45oo . 431-2497 ; 5162418. 
F L g m 
~ y "SkAAl t f t 'ATTl ’TfT. reconditioned, new paint and floor*. 
Kerrville, 
Tx.: 
1-257-8533 or 
I 696-421o. 
,’ 4 Ford bronco. 6wheei drive. Au- tomatic. very clean! 34195- 828-6355 ofter 7‘.-49681o1 
7'; > 6 r O 6 R < W 6 looked, im maculate call 924-5624 
F C T y C T C T e .j- ^ int condition with many extras. 534oo. 693-3291 
74 FORO Choteau Van. Auto., Vs. power, pop out tinted w indow*. 
Captain * chairs, AM -FM 8-track stereo. 559M. 433-4876 atter 5. 

 i i AA A g R R6&? screw. 927-4361 
•'74 O U b T V T H U * ------------ 
6»peed Witt) radio ................... 42495 
TOM BENSON IMPORTS 
96M SAN PEORO 
MI-1134 

New and Used B u m p er*. Light weight to heavy duty. For all sites 
o1 pickup trucks 924-4SSI-2o1 New 
Loredo Hwy. 
One IIM iAevy 'i ton pickup, one 
19*9 Chevy *« ten pickup, and one 
1972 Ford U ton pickup will be sold to the highest bidder (s) en January 
(7, 1977. Call 127-1171 tor iitterma- hon ond bid form*. 

P E R F O R M A N C E 
V A N S 
Of 
A m e ric a 
Custom A ccesso ries to r V a n s . 
P icku p s, 
M in i 
T ru c k s , ond 
R V s 
1o722 P E R R IN G E (T E L 6 S 6 -8 6 ' 
2 hC K U f^i with < oaring bodies. 
I C H E V Y , % ton. $16oo: '72 FO R D 
. ton, S2ooo. P ric e d fo r quick sole! 
349 3626, Mike D w ye r 
RANCHERO 73 Good pas m ileage 
$1198. 

7 3 F O R D C o u r ie r 
Take over payment*, no faulty, coil 
John Slimp, 349 6948 
‘74 FORD d b u R IE A 'picku V AIT red with black interior. Sacrifice 
521o6-39,ooo miles. 441-4241 week day* till 5:1o 
________________ 
74 FORD C6URIER ' i ton, 6speed very clean 26,8oo mi. 422M. or be»t o tte r; ‘51 FO RD 19o H i-p e rfe r- monce engine, recent overhaul, needs body work. 83oo. 684-o782 eve*. 
73 FORD COURIER 
PICKUP 
41o89 

HEM PHILL MCCOMBS 
FORD SOUTHSIDE 
19o1 S W. Military 922 6317 
U 'l FORD Custom cob pickup, OU- te. vs, redip, heater, clean $2295. 
9o°«Financing available 226441o 
T iT f t A 'b fee' onolin'e Van, all cor- 

 d gas rn 
3o2 VS, out*., mag wheat* 
146*954. 
________ 
SCHOOL-Mlg^woy Diesel Buses 
21o1 NOOALITOS 
53667) I 
/ T 'ir n r f r A b b lh 6 w n # n ^ 
FM stereo, tapedeck, air, pawer. 
Like new! 8S3M. MM684. s L E E > E B t J 'a M f T r o i i p r . i j y r 
CALL Nice end C Look I 111-S431. 
Toke ever payments on T S T h e T v pickup No equity. Call 8264911 ask 
(or Fred, Atter 7: 921-77S7 to Toyota H iL u x w ith cam p e r cover. 5161*58. tT 'tb Y 'd f A 'tii-Lux pickup ' IT T rear bumper low mileage. Excel­ lent cond 82495. M2-4185. f g y y f TH T t - i $ 

 oetcd. fu lly equipped. 
822-o947 822-3166 
T i> 6 R 6 ^ IST 

$65oo 

Leaded, call 541-9411 
FORD F ISO, 1974 
Loaded Call 341-9412 

Chevy C IO 1978 '> ten. standard, radio, 58oo 
Fold F-15o 1971 ** ton. fender tool boxes, automatic VS. 42.MO 
Ford F-25o 1971 % ton, ten d er boxes, standard VS, 81,OM 
Cut Tom McCabe 911-4151 Mon-Fri 
65 Oir Ord Machinery A Supply M il 
Roosevelt Ave 

'64 FORD F-1oo 
Nice' 59oo M6812o, *95-3244 
74 FORD F-15o pickup. LWB. MO. all power, auto 
Coll 496 87IO 
Duel pas tank*. 

75 FORD F-25o pickup. Fu lly Ipaded. Auto a ir, power stpermg. power broke*. Ex 
Ira tank ................................... 5399* 
HEM PHILL MCCOMBS 
FORD SOUTHSIDE 
19o1 3 W Military 922 4317 
74 tu rd F 75o Ranger. EH power, oir, still in Warranty, ostre Moon 
Tok* over bel. $5927. Bv owner 
4866832. 

. 
T y i M ' m iiT T stereo, air, tool chest, $3493 344 3lQo att 5 
76 ^ 6 V o f A Long Bed t>lex lI p ' p T . auto. AM -FM radio. 8 track, CB. new cond 826 1438 tr 
V H A N rfT A fc , good shopg-oTl t-quipmont 
Priced right 824-2777; 
4569538__________________________ 
1o6 USEO TRUCKS and 
TRAILERS IN STOCK 
CHARLIE'S TRUCK FARTS 
4261o14 
Ahi, '49 FORO ^lub Wagon vVin dows, small V I, auto.. S1SM hrm 
341-oo25 
V AN 
’ t l u d o fe d b tJ O U N f c?45 bove money with leaded aas! Under 
17oo mi 
S till under w a rra n ty 
Decided not to go into business 
P rice negotiable Coll 341 255o. 
After 6, 499 o8o3 

73 F O R D F 1 o o 
Takeover payments, no eau it, cod 
John Slimp. 349 6948 
| 
73 to rd F 3So with i i ’ Von body 
83193 Ask tor Woody, 411-1448 
71 FORD PICKUP 
4 cylinder standard 
.................S1S95 
TOM BENSON IMPORTS U t 
HOO SAN PEORO 
M1-I1S4 
T T fC T F pT^k u P------------- 
V * Standard 
$2193 
TOM BENSON IMPORTS H 
94oo SAN PEORO 
3411136 
74 c h e v t super Cheyenne, load 
Id Call M I 9411 
T J C rlg V V ^ iT o r^ p m u u auto., power, Oir. $2-25o 714 7211 
43' T i4tv7Y I, ten U s Low tim * m e, very clean Oood point, tires* 
$1338 hrm M I 8*o$ 

1974 Chevy 
. ton von $JkV5. Ile 
Blue star 2263736 i i 
Tractor with i i i i pm tonk troller. Devine. *41-2321 t U k VV TftUCk 
, /A fc b DUMP 
18)ooo CALL 628 1199 
^ £ H I W gan.’ a u t r W stll or trad* 491 ISM 
74 CHEVY V a n Looded. 136 VI. 

Ford pickup -67 V I, autom atic. 
Mechanically good Dependable drive 
Needs body w ork 
$588 cosh 131$ Celebre 
»ll FOR D V (Sup *4 ton V I 4.rS««.H) 
S9oo Jim, 441-4311 
<i> " i* is t b k b p u ll UPS, trode, 484 8o26_______ ______ 
'74 Ford pickup, lo 

ToTT or 

 id e d 

 auto, custom int. excellent or bos! otter 4311*83 
M 'C H E V /V A W W 
I w heel brise fully carpeted custom interior. VS. 
Standard ET Mags. Radial Tire* 
Craig AM FM, Strack, Sunroof. CB 
Radio. Chrome Trim Ask tor Jim 
684 4oo4 
49 lU E V V 'V o n , 4, stondo rd 
Punt-led, carpeted SI SOC 674-76o4 
't i Cheyenne 'i ton pickup Must 
IsgBI Flores 226 3314 
Custom IO Chevy '74. Long w oe. 
13o. V -l. Auto air, pawer. Cloan condition Drives perfect! 81158 full erne 415 1641 
7 5 DA TSU N Long Bed pickup 
Ppcfory air. mags. clean! SHM 
659 IMS b l t i u N 
- .•— 
I r gloss radio, low 
Condition 
Cover, four-speed a ir mileage 
Excellent 
6863oo? 
’Kl budge d u o Cob P u t Up. One 
Owner, 27,ooo miles, H I. AT, AC P$, 
PB 47 Gat Aux Tank. Air Shocks, 
E le c tric B rakes, c a v e r, R a ile r 
Moos New Tire*. Excellent Condi nun 34J3U i i i * 91$. 

’ T i 6 o d g ^ £ lu b f o b , p ic k u p , i- p w n e r , 17,888 ml 
M o n y e x t r a * 
M IM 6764925 ftoJg'o cHJ^Pob. ton,- S B ? power, air. must sacrifce' o84 2165 or Call Linda *868223 u l Sd t e t C U m U M a x to n . \\ p a ss VI. a u te a ir, pawer 
S4488 
73 FORD Window V a n . 5 p a s s VS. aute. p a w e r, a ir 
................. 
$195o 
M il ( FLORES 
9264111 o b D d F 
5 i W 
I ' 
LWB. lo m a fic 
684-3oo'/. 
■W B uJg. <Aci. 

H p K B n B 
I9M F G 
81495 

 stand up carr 
TT/T B S b b # 

^^TtnTTunTeT TS3HS 
Inper, S J. 5oo 655 1/*/ 
H f ilc E d g 
81798 
Ask tar David 4)1 14*7 re^5CTT^mS7TTT5TB5Br ceti M l-9411 
_____ 
>4 bbDCE Fichugr1»ten, auto o‘?, lap* 
ISOM 
Smith. urn tm 
MI-4811 
''>"4 b d s v i ' n u n n r v w r 
4 wheel dr. 4,888 mi. L ik t new. lUOded *49o4 4366)48 
'*1 bodge ’ a ion p ic k up ' W hile, gooli cond Coil 1-318 J IM cond____________ ________ bo DGK ^AN L W i. air, auto . mwpr Hoer me t i s i l l * f r g o o a t Von’-’i -q-y . , h .e u ; 1, carpet, bed* 924-8116 
5-g'WWfbWN i o t a BKF’Air 

Across From Airport 816o/2. 
I M N * LO O F 418 

74 Cbevy Custom M loud** 
74 Chow Custom ll, out* ... s i/uo 
Aute Foil, M il Culobro 4 1 6 IM I 
74 £ h EVV'C usIp»h iS.itlon p tell up. 
LWB. 4 speed 4 wheal dr. rddig, hodtgr Cipgp H IM . M Siinancing araiigpie 216441o 

 crPdMrd l i t facilitio* tar com mer cig! and in d u iiriai fito i memlan anc* and repair pf ait cars and trucks, 226/111, Ab* E lr im gen mgr. 
- b' Riv r W YI H r H U I V a K I 
PICKUP TRUCK FARTS 
2o7 I ar *<1o Hwy *266351. 924 *352 i r c s r whvel riie w i in i Cull J4? 3337 otter 5pm 

74 BL CAMINO CLASSIC 
Loaded extra cieon I -awner 
$2675. 2268226 ; 8161911 

 cemptr, 53,4oo or best otter, must soli 611*991 eyes, ond wkend* 
71 ^ord R a n te r ^ ton pickup, loaded 
Like now. 
8M-9343 or 
MI-2917 

|74 FORO RANGER ALT. loaded 
LWR 926 3426 
W ' T b & b o7\ 
MNK 
.f! I 
■ i__________ 
1*9 FO RD ' I ton 6 c v f steel servlcel b o d y 
R u n * g o o d g o o d t ir e * , ll ow ner. F irs ! $325 tokes ii Com# by 
|» M T e x a s B rin g cosh, a in t toke it! 

 t i F o rd i io n p ic k u p 
L W i. »ta n 
Oui U 
B y pw nor. 
SIMS 
2264737. 
65681*5 
■ 
■ 
T s’V o RD V A fj B 
IMM. 
714-6M2I 

75 F O R D V A N . 4 c y l p o w e r s te e r 
M 
M a M w w lm 8 t r a c k , m a n 
I 9 2 ) 4)85 

I W i y io u d e j £ p « i 
89)86 h o * o n ly I , OM m i 
S a c r ltlc * 
154954 N o Ira d e s , 346 749o 
M 

\m 
6 h o H W . f t p y e l c a h a ,, p a r la p o tty , d e u b la b e d 
L o ts of now] 
I P o rts R u n s g o o d ! 5/9 3 *1 1 1 9 3 3 M B 
1974 V* k lo n iT 

 int, brakes, am ti 
3717 S R Military 
74 FftRO V/JL H /i 

P it! 8 n r 
82458 G *#ij 
FORD v a n 
52*3o 4 cyl stand cond 512 7 1 7 9 ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ H 
74 FORD WINDOW VAN Bicaudal condition IM M 9211185 
'7T T 6 r o x i 'f U 'W l - p u IA. power 
M M hR f, 
441 4511 rsrr-;: 
6 ,4 5'2 5 

 brakes 
81958. 
Jim 

7 i bodge Mo* f Vim CAn 

P. 
Call Jim. M I 4511 
------------JTGMC Pickup H ic 
CALL JIM, M I 4511 
' i t S A A f’ P lc l UP, s lq n d a rd . goud m otor, good tire s, new p ain t, 53751 
TOI H olly 
T T u W 
J on, 
J5* t a r n pe a ll m les o nly 
1oPM . 6/7 48V9 t r m t ■>, ion 
LWB 
VS. 

Spec lot. L O A D E D . 
TI 

 power 4 te *rin g . b rakes 
_ guard , low m i 
84838 
Boerne 
(1)149 M74, 1*9 1877 

 uT fr ill* 

•T jn F W T f1 T r o r k w ith C u b o v # com per 563oo 922 3 4 2 6 ^ M ^ M a u r i n , v t 
»*,, 
Ponoled camper. 
8/61913 

Ktandord 
On* owner 

 m m truck ce 
I 798 3234 
INTERNATIONAL TRU CK 
SALES A N D S ER VIC E 
PO BOX 4)1 H uiiefsvM ie, Tex. ( I I 

" " " K i l l ! * ? 
Wreckers 
/so SOO SOO m Diesel and gasoline 
338 54QJ. 
Dongs 
Ie .a - 
M 
'42 thief notional Ti et (or' 
G asoline u r n CALL BOB 7 3643*9 U 6 H 39 
•VI lnl*rhq<i#n*l 4 ■Tr »*| drive crow 
COB 
Priced 
Id 
IMI 
826H 46 
M f »r>7 _____ 
_____ f i i In te r n a tio n u r ‘ 'a c le i w ith' I * 
Tulsa w inch Real h g ip - Needs ongmd work 917-1211 or 611 3818 
111/ Owmtena i r i^ T t T i A r - . / N A r y f f l J T itgerm g, 
I brokes, air Must sen 684 4463 

I l i t . 
J 
Wheel drive , power .fe e lin g ond b ra **!, air Mux* sell 684 6463 
' 71"m T W I t e m 
4 wheel S l f Bad. m agi, many e x tra i 812*3 
<268918 atter < weekday* 

V A N S W A N T E D ! 
6811 S.FLORES 
92) 42)1 
61 VW Bus, Oaod Condition New tires 5725 CALL 7M 135o s i'W flV K ' J t i n wheal ! wheel drive, ramavoble 
*95-8264. hardtop $1895 

748 MOTORCYCLES S(m R S m r w m r S S C T X SylhT lo m m e r, b a c k r e s t 
L o w m ile e g * 
$1895 M 6S 9M . 
T i’ I m 
Very el, 57T5TO T 
Can be soon al IOU Rigsby Cat) 
*261141 otter 4. t o r i B u tt* ' I> M otocross ro c e r c , 
Good t h q p o . 
J u s t o v e rh o a id d 
5*46349-4891 o tte r 4: 657 2586 
74 b u lto c o W P u rs o n g AjoJoTraxf] clean, great condition, 35oo I pay mu for school, most soil! 342 6467 
342 7395, 
I V a w l! 1 1 U 6 N B A i ? r ^ c r ' ~ bier. I yr. old 13oo miles 395o- or best otter PSJ 292). 
FAA S IL ’F 'W S I U A fct v D A V ib 
SON P AN HEAD. Excellonl gr iglngi 
Cond $19oo. C A LL 654-69oo a tt 
7p rn or Sundoy__________________ 

W a 1 Ic y D o , id s o n S p u n k ie r W alifr 
Corbs, etc 8173o 321 Lyons, Fled 
S antan, T x 
I Sd* M S I 
■ 
T T h ’AA. I■ B T T T b s o N s l h ! toil dress 7oo m i 53495. will toke trode 
227 o938 ; 734 353J 
Wa F C IV B iv l6 5 6 k i i m . I I T 
Chopper call 921-8/M i r n w r r c w n ties 
J i l t r W 
IL ike new 
B est o tte r. 
HOWARD Apl J3 >?«, 7691_______ 
I ! h o n d a £ l- t a . Mugi 5*(i! iH k or bos! otter 7I67M 1 otter 3 r r r - R A N o A d i - n i r f i i M 
T 
6367713 A F T B R S P M 
_____ 
|'7t scut.1 c " 
I ellen) condition 712 /o2o ■ 
I it cond it 
TTBTTTTTi lf? , 
34oo 
Ask 
E x c e 11 * n • fur 
Stave 
TT i rn. 1 1,. 
|?24 8396^CT 
M WONDA DO FOUR F un, load 
Od, wlndiomm er, air horns, -.oddlr nog. helmet 4133o FIR M 696 o764 otter 3 
HANDA H4. Id o d cond iii#*, 'to n 
M 6 3 9I1 o tte r l p m 
H o n 6A OF SAN ANTONIS 
3768 Mobud 686)682 
WCToA' S Z i i Buns ’*oii ,'U nV & lo little work 53o 653 1436 l/ iH h N b A >s6 ^ w ith winJToW 
|m#r Bargain! Like new 436 6157 
H ts a r i B w o n a a B r g w 
I, pood core 83)8 6514867 
T T WSri'bA 7 36 { up. iT . oiT- 466-^: lh WOK am , H IM 6568669 
V n C T r o iT x lS o . good lOiHj.iio'J] 
$395 342 7729 

 j o e " h A r r i LAN NAU AA-------- 
Sale* $*rvic# P o rn 
IM I EROADWAY_________ 874 948* 
74 K uwosoil VO dirt bike I ,jwn*( clean, low mi $23o cash 494 2172 

T I T A A A U g l f i U l f W P I.Ib U V 
[low m ile* Excellent Fitted raver 
Ona helmet 5)25 828 o2M 
T r k A A / A U k i W 
» o i m iig s .’ i 
- ---- - ^JS I. w 
Jilil; matching helmets crash bar. tup ra c k , cu sto m te a t. i i i i T F ro dricksburp, 512 *97 32*8 r n 
, 
- _ Je c, $938 potishod a f ported bv T C 

•s b u i g s n -* 

B T 
I l i f t I I L H flW V K i U T T c, $858 1*76, 238cc, |*3« Eprpd. I shod ond porn 
4381977 otter 6 • I 
4TT) Morton til, inierstet*: IIM 
117-8111, M69837 ewer 4 3o p rn 
M I I M f W t i l T U ports, I S d 
■ 8265151 
• Il'm Sloe __ -- 
RogulaHpn 4 'iV t Brunswick Feel 
1o8Ie sue* or trod* tar Metercv eta 458-72*1. 
~ W J W t A M ( 6 £V<*i s t l i t l 
•‘ AWASAK! S e t., service, F o rt. 

 m i r u f t u 
Eu s r s s T i m * 
LIK E NEW! 76 XR75, 76 C19o, 75 
,5oC B 4 under 6oo m iles t o b< )t 
Otter 
C A LI 34 1 s/g, o, 635 4U‘,2 

 t A u r iNA & o d d W ^ ff!^ R s K o w (r 
TflhiW Oi i u s j42 lag/ 

'78 Triumph Bonneville 75o like n e* only OOO miles m u ll sell COH utter 6 
923 8884. 

T T O A tU m e lo n -cl*- h u V .h is e V 
Sun M urco* Inventory 845 CHM). Sn nous inouines only I 392 n i b 
V A W A H A M A T W Vi* i e \ i t y 
HP. excellent condition 34rn) wan 
H e lm e t 
221 51 74 b e fo re sp.rn 
633 1196 utter So.rn. 
7 ? 'V X W T w a ’ ED m V E .c .n e h i 
Cjwd SMS. 9182478 

/ 

San Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— Saturday January 15 1 9 7 7 

SUNSET MOBILE HOMES 

2 6 7 2 S.W . M ILIT A R Y D R . 
9 2 2 - o 5 4 o 

Largest Inventory of Late Model, USED & 

REPO D MOBILE HOMES in rhe Area 

I 2 to 1 4 W id e s — 2 - 3 - 4 B e d ro o m s 

Prices to fit e v e r y B u d g e t 

ORIN I DAYS A WEEK lOW-LOW Monthly Payments 
PRICES START AT $ 3 9 9 5 . 

C t T a r t in b o*, 
38o G a rc ia box, SI IO; Mod. 29 44 M ag in box. 
N icke l, $295. Mod. 66 in box $?6S; 
Mod. 66 in box used, $235, N ic k e l colt 444o in box, S425; W a lth e r P P K box, $35o, S a nd W m od 28 6 ", 
$185; S a nd W m o d IO n ic k e l 4” , 
S and W m od 19 B ig T rig g e r, 
Col* C om bat C o m m a n d e r sa fin is h new in b o x , SISO; C o lt 
C om m ander blue new in box. $175; 
C o lt 322o. $225; C o lt P y th o n 4 nickel in box, $295; S and W m od 48 scope, B u e h ie r m o u n t Rose wood g rip , $265, C olt 45 sin gle OC tlon in box. $335; S and W m od 29 6 blue in box, $375; S and W m od m box, $35o. Colt 22 Peace M a k e r, 
Colt 45 a uto n ic k e l, $185. F o r sole or tro d e 341 OI 19. 
M c G re g o r T o m m y A rm o u r Iro n s a nd SW, e x c e lle n t c o n d itio n , o p e l N O . 2 s h a ft, D 2 s w in g w e ig h t. San M a rc o s 512-392-2677 a fte r 8pm 

o8 - HUNTING I FISHING 

4o A C R E S H I L L C O U N T R Y 
M a n y d e e r, t u r k e y 
$99o d o w n p a y m e n t, $154.43 p e r roo O w n e r financed. Call 734 9363 

TW - MOnHtCYCtfi-SCOIinjtS 

•74 Y A M A H A TX-5oUA. 45oo m iles, needs w o rk. Best o tte r. 5)2-379-7773. 
‘V i Y7 V A M A H A 125 M oto X. M any extra s. E x c e lle n t $645. 655-275o. 
75o • WANTED AUTOS, TRUCKS, 
TRAILERS. MOTORCYCLES 

8o1 CAMPERS TRAILERS 

B E A U T I F U L 2o A C R E S x a s H ill C o u n tr y , $595 d o w n p a y m e n t, $92.81 p e r m o. 7 4 „ in terest, fin an ced bv ow ner. 
C all 
734 9598 

1971 8x25 T ra v e l T ra ile r, fu lly self contained w ith a ir. Can be see any tim e of 6537 R a nd o lp h B lv d ., W hi sperlng W inds T ra ile r Court. 

B R E A K S M Y H E A R T B ut m ust sell m y P ointers. M a m a dog 4 y rs Best b u s in e s s 
H e r IO m o p u p noes w ith her. G ua ra n te e d p e rfo rm a n c e 
$35o. 654 6458. 

BHV Junk Caps-lron Etc 
A orco A uto 92/ 3211 633 2o3o 
C osh fo r c le a n c a rs a n d tru c k s . 
L a rry Cannon A uto Sales 
563o San P ed ro 
828 6355 
C H R IS T IA N S Need T ru c k F or Go sp e l W o rk in T o rre o n , M e x ic o . 
648 2635 o r 661 3723._________________ 
C iM E T 14 HR. TOW S E R V IC E 
We b uy lu n k c a rs , p a y top c a s h ! 
433-56o1; 6o7 S. Gen. M cM ullen 
'63 £ o rv a lr P ick Up Good C ondition 
$5So, 648 3o47 a fte r 6pm. 

M 6 R E CASH FOR JU N K CARS 
TRU CKS E T C : 
923-4422 
B A X T E R S A L V A G E , 1223 Q uinto ng 

PAY TOP PRICES to r w re c k e d ca rs , and tru c k s . A-1 
Auto P a rts, 222-1o11 
TOP D O L L A R ' FO R JU N K CARS, 
T R U C K S . 
S C R A P , 
125 
M IL E 
R A D IU S SAN A N TO N IO . 342-51o1. 

USED CARS-CLEAN 

SMITH CHEVROLET 
1221 B R O A D W A Y 
223 4283 
W A N T E D 
72 FO R D , <!h E V Y , or 
G M C p ic k u p s . C le a n , lo w m ile s , good cond. Stand. Iro n s ., LW B By p riv a te p a rty . no d e a le rs ! 
512 274 3273. 
__________________ 
W A N T E D 62 66 th u m b -'tu rd Need not run. 
R easonably p rice d . 
534 4767 

8o2 MOTOR HOMES SALES RENT 

T M E 5 R T ? M 7 7 f!n !7 T 5 n !o n ta !n e d 
$985o; 
72 O P E N RO AO . 19‘ . 44,ooo m l $745o. co ll 923-77o1 __________ 
C H A M P IO N and t i t AN 
R A H M B E R G RV C E N T E R 
655-o251 
2271 A U S T IN H W Y . 
75 E X P L O R E R M in i M o to r Hom e, self contained, only 25,ooo m i. $685o. 
661-3oo4, 661-4741___________________ 
75 E X P L O R E R M in i M o to r Hom e, self contained, only 25,ooo m i. 5685o. 
661 3oo4, 661-4741 

F a m ily h u n tin g fis h in g , c a m p in g . open y e arou nd 826 823o 
W A N T E D h u n tin g lease G ro u p of 
San A n to n io , b usin e ss a nd P ro fe s ­ sional m en seek y e a r ro u nd h u n tin g lease in South Texas. P ete r P lu m b, 
227-9181 

GMC Motor Home Rental 
D a ily and W eekv Rates 
P H O N E ____________________661 7212 
GMC MO TO R H O M E FOR R E N Y 

15 m inu tes N o rth of N o rth S tar M a ll 
Oak tre es, good soil. H ill C o u n try 
U t ilitie s a v a ila b le 
$2,195, $195 dowrc $4o 56 per m onth to r 5 ye ars, 
8 o ilfc e re s ! 
491 3419 o r 34? 18o8 
L A K E C S O F T R E A L E S T A T E 
A D D A -R O O M . C u s to m b u ilt o n y size, d e liv e re d , te rm s 923 4346 

349-4311 
699-o129 
734 9389 
"H om e” 2?r "MutT 
Fuel, E ngine $15,5oo 53? 17o5. 
L U X U R Y M o to r H o m e , '76 W in n e b a g o . 21' c o m p le te ly s e lf con tam ed, only 45oo In i. 696-47*8 eves weekends 
L U X U R Y M O T O R H O M E S F o r 
Rent LOW R ales 658-7661, 656 7119 

F u rn is h e d 12 X 6 5 ', 3 -B e d ro o m s , 
B aths 
A ssum e 
P aym en ts 
924 4226 

•69 M otoi hom e, TF Dodge T ro v to , new 318 D odge e ng in e, new fu rn i lu re , etc $6,5oo 699 o469___________ 
M o to r H o m e R e n ta ls . F u lly s e lf contained. Rotes bv dov o r w eek, 
653 61o8 
M 
'76 Tito n 23' m otor hom e, 36o bodge, sleeps 4. re a r bath, fu lly loaded. 7 a irs , p ow er plant, stereo tope deck 
7,6oo m i. P erfe ct co nd itio n, liste d tor 
$17,ooo w ill s a c rific e fo r $13,ooo 
C onsider t r y ; * g y lrg d e in 736-5o37 

L ik e new 14x7o Schul* 
2-I ,. new 
35 p a tio c o v e r, s to ra g e shed p o r c h e s l i e d o w n s , s k ir t , fu r lushed, u n tu rn . $12,9oo 656 7/V2 
72 M A T A D O R 11x65 M o b ile Hom e b e d ro o m s , I . b o th , e x c e lle n t condition 
633-??7o o r 
633 o5o9 
$75oo 

W a n t T o B u y M o to r H o m e . A n y 
M ake Any M odel 658 7661, 656-7119 

754 TIRES PARTS ACCESSORIES I 

 holes. $125. or best o tte r. 691 1297. 
1957 C H E V Y N O M A D P A R T S 
C A L L 
735-7248 
I 
GOOD USED E N G IN E S P AR TS 
B A X T E R S S A L V A G E 
1227 Q uinto ng 923 4422 
M o ra u e tte E n g in e A n a ly z e r w ith scope and ro lle r ca bin e t $45o. Jim - znev steam c le a n e r p e rfe c t co nd i lio n 4 m onth old. $8oo. 226-4126 or 
656-42o3_____________________________ 
4 M -t'^A a o s and tire s. $175 - I Shelby m oos and tire s , $15o; 
67 M ustang fib e rg la ss hood, $95. 432 3o42. 
P f R KlVtS D ie se l used, 4 354 co ni p le te 
G u a ra n te e d r e b u ilt. $975. 
684 5oo2, 496 3o99________________ 
71 P L Y M O U T H PARTS 
R E A S O N A B L E ! 532 5586 
SNOW f IPT S 8 .’5 x H w ith studs 
•i en 684 6371 
M 
5 Too of the L in e F ire s to n e tire s .! 
G eneral M o tors Spec TPC LR78 IS, w h ite s id e w a lls P re s e n tly on 7 6 
C a d illa c w ith 5,ooo m ile s 
S p a re . 
1,ooo m iles New cost $58o. W ill take. I 
$38o. 655 
7o7 or 655 8828 

'73 W IN N E B A G E O IN D IA N , I F , sleeps 8, 17,ooo m r $895o 494 2575 
72 W IN N E B A G O ?? Ft 
'Jeeps H fu lly looded, $1o,7oo. 223 5836 

8o4 BOATS. MOTORS 

758 
• 
AIRCRAFT 
SUPPLIES 
SERVICES,! 

AVIATION INSURANCE 
P R O M P T Q U O TE S 
736 1623 

 b 6 T a T it no. ??6| 
A ll e x tra s tio co n s tru c tio n done M o v in g to A la s ka C heap1 Del R io 
1-775 6253. 
71 C H tb O K E E 6 
F u n IT R u lus 
DM E 
M in t c o nd itio n 
New annual 
$35,9oo A rt M c K in le y , 512 278 669 
F L IG H T IN S T R U C T O R A a n te d . 
W estside A ir P a rk , 433 7751. 
I o d T I R O N I MO APAC1 H i: NT” in te rio r, new ra d io s , new fa c to ry engines, heavy d uty bra kes. $24,5oo 
A it M c K in le y 51? 278 6691_________ 
1977 I AN(*V 
New dem on strato r 
A fa n ta s tic 6 p la c e 19o M P H p la n e w ith lo ts o f b a g g a g e s p a c e 
A r t 
M cK in le y, 51? 278 6691, 

M U ST S E L L ! 
19*4 C E S SN A 31o W e ll e q u ip p e d , | b a s e d S an A n to n io s in c e n e w 
O w ner, G e rry P o rk e r 
517 7 36 19o9 1 days. 
512-684-o184 rates and I weekends___________________________ 
USEO T T I S ^ T ^ ^ v e T v U iin u Y r o itt I 
M K 17 s to R a d a rs 
N o r t h w e s t ! 
R a m p on S tin s o n M u n ic ip a l 
UN lY F R S A L 
E L E C T R O N IC S ,! 
924 4x57.__________________________ 
XC R E N T A LS 
V IK IN G 38o IFR 
C A R D IN A L R G IF R 
M O O N E Y 2o1 
CESSNA 172 IF R 
AU-new w ith auto p ilo t 
M E T R IC A IR M O T IV E 
Stinson Field 
924-7375 

RUI CAMPERS TRAILERS 

AVION 
T ra ve l T ro lle rs M otor H om es 
TRAVELER’S WORLD 
7617 R O O SE V E LT 
537 6o61 
C am per shell to r 76 or 77 long bed 
Toyota 
I m onth old SUS; 226-4126 or 656-42o3 
C A S TO F F W e L L ' ve ry good c W d 
$175 534 932? 333 5679 
_______ t i ' d A M P E R T ra v e l T ro lle r Sleeps 
4. e xcellent c o nd itio n M u st sell. w ill sell reasonably M ay bo seen at 4S6o 
H a c k b e rry 732-oo6o 
7$ m w ton p ic k u p w iH T fTTs 
C o a c h m a n C a m p e r. C o il 423-4724 o tte r 5 p m 
£ l 6 s * a u f SALI. 1*76- 
C A M P IN G T R A V E L T R A IL E R S 
K C. T R A IL E R S 
71o W EST AV 
735-3931 
>1 'F b R b T T D W a g o n fT o T e t tra ile r equipped 525oo 734 4334 
Lit st le a n 

LUCKY TEXANS 
* 
BOATING 
YEAR 
ROUND 
* 
Well, nearly 
Hoy today or layaway Mastercharge small deposit cinches price for vpnng vocation delivery Best selection's NOW at mfgrs MAX discounts. All OUR boats paid in full, NOT factory floor planned that YOU absorb AU are 1oo% hondlayup fiberglass cross-grained laminated layers, NOT (HOPPtD like brands we DROPPED. 
* We olways stock pknn ar plush, 
NOW see SUPfR-UJXURIOUS w'ex­ clusive romfortable, convenient features by COMA, GUSSMASTER, 
PIGATT A, LANCIA See 7 to 2?ft IN or outbords, opens or CABINS. Arrives this month; COMA 24ft Caribbean stromlmed 
CAPIN 
3SIV8 ford 
OMCflvintude-Jobnson) A 22ft 2oohp 
Ivinrude VA 
* Meet or beat tVINBUDf deals 
* Used owner 72 IMF 21 Oaycrutser 
35oV8-oMC gohr tandem troller SASSO 
CUAN; others $595 up. BANK rotes 
IBARBERA SPORTS 
323 Broadway at Afb FARK IRIE 
SO moans yews in S A. 127-211? 
^9 6 p m Thurs Nite 9 p m. Closed Sot J 

• RU Boat Trailer 
• H U I Accessories 

• H i l t R e m o te C o n tro ls 
Plus tow Hundreds of Donors now al, 
BA HOOL K A R I M 
*76 M od el Closeout 
Beat Ria Sole 
( A N IX X 
M A B B * sells mon- johnson outboards than anyone else rn (he San Antonio area t AMCXX M AB M f is dw only johnson outboard Deale, that is 
AAA rated rn 
Service rn the 
Southwest' 
A A A SBB VICI end m I to Sales 
Yew Can't Boat the Best! 
So gel lh* best deal you con then shoo P A M X X M ABIN I rind save on boots motors and holers 
W e Bay and Sail Used 
Boats, Motors, trollers ta, Don't Gamble 
SHO# • ANOCX 
You've Tried the Bast 
N ow Try rho BISTI!! 

Iotas A Service 
I 2 o 7 W . H ild e b r a n d 
7 3 2 - 8 2 3 3 

B A IS Boat. 4o hp E v in ru d e m o tor w ith g en erato r, $6oo 923 oo74 e ves! 
Clean 1964 U tt p la s tro n Boat wM 
■IShp M e rc u ry $595 675-24i f 
■ ~ ~ T > i < S l c b o a t fl9 G ia s tro n HO H p 
M e rc r u is e r o v e rd riv e Lots ro o m to r p a rty in g fish ing or skiin g . Stereo tope dock system In good shape New tro lle r w ith b ra k e 
$289$ o r b a s t o t t » | 
349 4o91 Otter 6 657 2186 

JI F T A irs fre o m 
R enovated wiThJ or w ith o u t C a d iiio i 
E q u ip p e d to | tow 
19 1 5896 a tt 5 
M 
1*FJ F u n tim e U N cabovec a lm p c ^ sleeps 6 fu lly se ll co nta ine d F it s H or I ton wide bed tru c k 
$265o Bv own*?f S i / $421, 
HEIM ER CAMPER i A l i A 
Io n A ntonio v C xclu stvo C oachm en d e a le r 
H e im e r m o k e s C o ach m e n a ffo r d a b le ! 924 1334; 3329 I W 
M ilita ry Or 
Just West of Somerset Rd t i J A YCO pop up Tent fra ile r 
Pe rfe c t cond $17o6 669 2164_______ 
I f f 5 JE E P A lC K U # 7 lo w m ile a g e !] nos ca m p er witn sieve, re frig etc 
Mr in aaa ABBA 
■fl fully self conia icier! w ith a ir 
$2,295 
8?2 o472 o tte r ■ weekdays, or a ll day bot , Sun J 

PICKUP COVERS 
?I7I AUSTI N HW r | 
Pop U p~TeriTT7oM b u ilt in bible a u d iie b o l condition $6 ,o ■ 
-H I I 
,T ~ 

DON’S MARINE 
2931 R oosevelt 924 7185 
1976 E lite E x e c u fiv e in vocior l l 1. ids hp 
M e re . C r u is e r, IO d r iv e on 
C lam tr a ile r , 4o h r on e n g in e 
A sking $6 41o 1935 77o6 
E V IN h U D C I hp m o tor e x c e lle n t cond . t i 5o In rn 628 1235 atte r 
IS' F ib e rg la ss boat w ith m o toi and tra ile r $675 922 3476 

 tT T T T T^■sFIEoaT-biliTr TnT tank, dr ive on tra ile r H 
ITT 

 gauges 

U l t d in n e r T C e p V " w ii'h"'H ^ 
M e rc u ry O utb oa rd Custom tra ile r 
A ll 1976 m odels S till in w a rra n ty 
4 le s s th a n 5o h r s 
$56oo a fte r 5pm 
74 GI AS^dOhl iAh Swinger LH 
E v in ru d e outb oa rd , com ptetetv equipped. $565o 492 U IL 
■ii H B lS g y f f t U f B"oc w a lk th o r w in d s h ie ld , E v in r i 
7oHP m o to r enc cond ski s and equipm ent in clu de d $28oo 644 o9o2 
>23 3271 

 ceps 7 $475o 656 4276 

653 o885 
. it c p s 6 
E x c e lle n t 
I 1915 used I'd e iv 

HOLIDAY MARINA 
Lake Mc Queenev 512 55/ 6622 
E v e ry d a y E x c e p t M onday 
Jet C oastal T ri h u ll a lu m 
" l o 

 o ir. 

SH AST A*P ROW LER 
S TA H M A N N F R A IL E R S ALE S 
IH IO, 3 M i N o rth of Boerne 
RT 7 BOX 127, S A Phone 274 74/f ii TfTTT" Y Y ro v e i tro lle r Self con tinned $76oo 673 2773 lo T ra v e r 
C o m m o d e no s n o w ! 
Donaho T ra ile r R epair 633 o214 
W T IA V B 'l T f c A i l I R " F u ii T sei r c o n ta in e d f u lle r y a ir 
S le ep s 4 
MPI us m in e r re p a irs , w ill sell te a u n a b le M a y be seen a l 456o H a c k ­ b e rry 7 32 oo6o 
Used ii tfeftftVTmSCT 
H a rp er M ater Ca C am per lo ud 
24o1 $ W M u lle r y 924 5514 r w i Used i t l l W heal T ra lW T 
H o iy n K o iu r Ce C am per lurid 
24o1 S W M ilita ry 934- 5514 

'74 l f k o d ia k B a ss B o o t 
B5tJ 
M e rc u ry w ith p o w e r tr im , s u p e r m o to r guide tro llin g m o to r, dep th 
? im*• Kited live w ells m a n y lo r ie s 
C u s to m d r iv e trader 
I 278 7813, U valde i7' i r r e r r r r n m u i 
C h ry s le r custom tra d e r, tro ll m otor and tin d e r $4985 
T E X A L L B O A T , 222 9o21 ft ANG E A fv i iJ "B ool . .HP jo h n w ith trim n tilt GST p ro p b ig wheel tra d e r 
24Y, sd y o r tr o ll B a tte rie s b ilg e pum p, depth tin d e r, etc $295o 
344 9165 
W t f f A 
W 
U g 
I U t i t r ib a l ! drive on trader, IM hp 1-o Power trim and hit interior worn but ser vnabiv Hull, motor, steering, etc all perfect. Tap, side curtains, baw caver, boarding ladder, skis chor. rapes, life and ski lockets 
35ooo firm Del Ria: 1 775-4253 i f t V M f t l f l A f f ---------------- 
Tri-Hull I BH and I7N 
3 Bass Bout D e m o n s tra to rs $2295 
6618 Randolph Blvd 
654-o36# 
DISCO UNT BO A T SALES 

o MOBILE HOMES SALE 

 ft ACRE 

S S U M E P A Y M E N T S 14 X 6 5 ' b edroom s F U R N IS H E D 924 4226 
B e ry l's M obile H om e C enter 
NE W and U S E D 651 6961 
16513 rn 35 N O R TH (S e lm o E x it) 

J A R MOBILE HOMES 
New Used. 114oo IH35N 655 o47! 

M OBILE HOME Owners 
Need a little e x tra cash 5 we buy M O B IL E H O M E 
TIRES and W HEELS 
$1o. EACH 
B rin g lh or we p ic k u p 1 
S U N S E T M O B I L E H O M E S 
276? S W M IL IT A R Y DR 
922-o54o 
M O B ILE H O M E TO W IN G 
R E A S O N A B L E ' 922 7221 
M O B IL E O F F IC E T R A IL E R 
1971 
Bn Rose, I? x44 . 3 ro o m s and b ath ith c e n tra l a ir c o n d itio n in g a nd butane tonk $45oo. E x c e lle n t conch lion. 655 2361. 
________ 
TOP D O L L A R P A ID 
FOR U SED M O B IL E HO M E S 
824-324o 
924-4424 
TOW N 8, C O U N T R Y 14x65 o n fu r shed. pay tra M e i rin g tee, tok over p aym en ts 658 1o61 
W A N T E D ' Used M obile H om es 
CASH and FA ST S E R V IC E 
C A L L 
MR M IL E S . 924 4231 
WE T A K E T R A D E INS, WE 
B U Y U SED M O B IL E HO M E S 
C A L L 
M A X 
924 4225 
8x45 2 bed ro om , e x tra clean, fu lly furnishe d, c a rp ete d th ro u g h out has a ir, w ill sell cheap 6537 R a ndolph 
B lvd 
W h is p e rin g 
W inds 
T ro lle r 
C ourt 
. 
_ 
12*5o, 2 B E D R O O M M o b ile H om e, fu rn is h e d ca rp e te d , e x c e lle n t con d ition 655 1998 or 655 5816 
12 X6o 3 B E D R O O M S 
F U R N IS H E D _______________924 4226 
61 x l4 ? b ed ro om s] 7 fu ll baths New s c u tp to r e d c a r p e t, la r q e p o lio co ver 661 6847, 661 4o37 
14’ x7o' w ith w o od b urm n g fire p la c e 
New 
$11,985 
14 x52 . J b ed ro om Was 579oo NOW 
Year E nd S pecial $46oo 658 2811 

12 • Mobile Home Parks Spaces 

CANYON LAKE fro la rg e m o b ile hom e lot $1475 
$75 dow n 84 m o n th s a t $21 83 A PR 

Call A Jones, 226 23o3 

FREE 
E v e ry other m onth fre e to r I w hole y e a r. B u c k in g h a m V illa g e M o b ile 
H om e P a r k 658 2811 
MOBILE HOME PARK LOTS 
Rent $45 Mo EHA approved 
Judson Ind Schools 658-oo22 
NE 
Shady A cres T r a ile r Pk fenced, store room. trees. 537 5o 
Neat Windsor Pk Moll 824-8764 

TEACHERS 
T he best tim e to buv lo ud is b e tw it- h ris tm a s a n d N ew Y e a rs 
T h is lose in tra c t is o nly 15 m u tate s oat 
San P e d ro 
Y ou ca n liv e in y o n i m obile hom e o r b u ild co n v e n tio n a l 
Is a la rg e w ooded site on easy te rn , 
J C. 
H O R TO N 
Broken 
IYJ 3419 

1o6 PERSONALS ’ abt .'wrrrcgrr iv 
Married5 Between the Ages ct 18 and 8o’ Meet your Ideal Mate 
Through SURBURBAN SINGLE 
DATING SERVICE For Details alt, 654 1271 or Write 8451 Michelle 
Way Son Antonio lexas 78239 
Dates Goiore1 f/eet ioiai single 
Call Dateline toll tree (8oo) 451 3245 
FOR H E i'P with an unwed preg nancy, call Edna Gladney Home, 
Ft Worth, TX I 8oo 792 11o4 
JO.NA r 6 m r 5 B 6 U ft> for men and women who want more success and happiness. 732 5758, 73J«8??3 
Matchmaker Inc "singles IS BO Yrs 
Introductions. 344 1115, 344 1125 
Miguel ivolcizcu Vet iA^WH Uc,‘>6eo 
A Custer, please contact the Family ot Leon F Booth Write Express 
Bo* 4814, Son Antonio, TX 78297. 
NEW MASSAGE LOCATtON 
Outside city Professional mas senses 12238 IH35 North, O'Connor and Judson Rds 
O verw e igh t^■Wecohheip No exer 
■lye diets, meetings drugs. 1oo 5, 
Natural NoturSlim 661 6449 
SSivES E ARN Th 5 u SANDS It r~; suspect ever being cheated (cards dice etc I or if you intend to engage n games of chance Coll Blvd Game 
Consultants tar Pvt appt 369 9286 
1o8 LUST AND FOUND 

P W n c m n o P e rM 
IhovOHO P a rk R e w a rd 4V2 in 

Today’s Lucky 
License winner 

Deadline: 5 p.m. Mon., Jan. I 7, 1977 

—-— (Claims not honored on w eekends)__ 

Found block Fox Terrier with whit* spots on chest ond paws Wonder^ land area Red collar 344 2981 
I ound I-II-TT set at keys. near NSC 
Sidy 727 9272. Ext 68, or 734 9353 
FOUNb sheftond sheep dog. male 
Windcrest Camelot orea 655 7864 
TS r n ? KTSuTTTW XT P I T O between 23oo blk Oft W Mistletoe ond Wilson 2 Turquoise necklace bracieiet, ring It found please coli 
736 5359 
UTT EIP' * J' CIV blink I btl', .iou' no collar Lakeside area 655 1887 
REWARD1 
KOKO" Brown Male tXInToSSel 
Blue, Gold Sweater Lost Near 
Clovis. 
Commercial 
REWARD 
923 
TTPT 
T o ? area block icotty mole 
1-6 77 rn Lockland Terraci 
RewarcF 6 7 4 ^ 2 ^ i [ ® L ^ " ' 
I 65T female greyNoTwegian 
Elkhound, red collor. name 
Mis ty". Harry Wurzbach 41o 349 6469 anytim 
T T J 
VO rd S lip p y 
.’34 6518 

USED 
TRAVEL 
TRAILERS 
73 HOLIDAY, it 
7? AIRS TRf AM it 
AV TWILIGHT, TU 
76 BONANZA, 16 
TRAVELER'S WORLD INC 
2*1/ ROOSEVELT 
532 6o*1 

 tV. BUV A l L T i * 
Traders Call MSL. 924 4514 
7! JOU iTA'i/ 'Tc ft a F f "7T""TJTT*: 
.ti* contained Sleeps 6. air. carpet ed 92-1-1*78 1133 SW Military Dr 

TRADE 
I owner *9 Coupe Deville Cadillac tor Ski Boot *84-7242 

= E x p r * * * - N e w s 
=W ont Ads: 

= C a ll 2 2 5 - 1 6 * * = 

German shoph 
Woodlawn 
Lake 
A 
REWARD ir e n 
Sn 6 gi'oiT o'nd Wlnlfc lered Mate Cot ai Dairy Queen at 
West Ave and Bianco Rd. inter sec lion Please Call 494 J/19 ibST large DOO Holt Irish Setter 
Halt Airedale Red Hair Brown Col tar Animal Defense League Tog and Vet Tag Needs Doily Medico lion Lost Seen In Terrell Hills. Ft 
Sam Houston Area Please Call 
82*4795 or 82* 7o51 
Lf^T Mole feritto itv of Castle Hills ond 
White 
REWARD 
227 *353 m r 

 you can win $5o cash! 
EXPRESS-NEWS 
CLASSI FED JUTS LUCKY UCEHSI 

Pick up bumper stickers at fhe Express-News lobby, Avenue E and Third St. or at any 
San Antonio Lone Star — Circle K — U-Tote-M — Mr. M store. 

 lucky license Rules and How to Claim Prize: 

I 
Slick Lucky License bum per sticker on re a r bium per o f veh icle as close to 

 license p la te as possible. Be sure bu m p er is clean as bu m p er sticker w ill not a d h e re to d irty surface. 

 ense plates w hich w ill be pu blish ed e v e ry d a y . 

3 . W in n e r m ust claim p rize b y d e a d lin e s ta te d in the a d 

 i . 
Bring S ta te a u to m o b ile reg is tra tio n slip to Lucky License Editor a t the 

E xpress-N ew s. C laim s w ill not b e h o n o re d o n S a tu rd a y or S u n d ay. 

5 . E m ployees o f the E x p re ss -N ew s or d istrib utors a n d their fam ilie s a re not 

 elig ib le, lf such a license is in a d v e rte n tly p u b lish ed , it w ill not be h o nored. 

6 . O n ly vehicles w ith E x p re ss -N ew s re a r b u m p er sticker a tta c h e d w ill be elig ib le fo r p h o to w in n e r. 

7 . W inners w ill b e a w a rd e d $ 5 o cash if th e p riz e is c la im e d b e fo re the 

 stated d e a d lin e , lf it is n o t, the p riz e is fo rfe ite d . 

8 . N o purchase is necessary. B um per stickers a re a v a ila b le fre e a t the 

Express N e w s L o b b y , Lone S ta r, C ircle K o r U Tote M or M r. M 
, 

 stores. C opies o f the Express a n d N e w s a re a v a ila b le for inspection a t the 

 front counter horn 8 3 o a m. to 5 : 3 o p rn. M o n d a y F rid ay or a t public libraries d u rin g o p en hours. 

 ny Spaniel Vie In 
Reddish Brown 
341 2979 

'Weir lever 
Reward Of 
Mal** (joltier 
Culo'odo tugs 
I en tered 494 1o74 
- TrrY - '- k 'i — T . m r r ^ r ^ . g - f t V T 
I6lh REWARD 695 3659 
■ 
■ 
LOST medium sized mixed breed mole. Nutty Block ond silver, red loather collar Last seen in Herr in I 
Belle! Old Farm areg 653 3o141 M 

DOUBLE BONUS AUS* 
(MERCHANDISE ADS ONLY-CLASS 928) 
SAVE YOU 6o% 

WRITE YOUR OWN AD 

A New low Rote for private party Merchandise Advertising called 
Double Bonus Ads will deliver results of Texos Sized Savings of 6o% These ods are exposed to 293,ooo potential buyers Doily in the San Antonio Wont Ad Supermarket (33,ooo more than the light) 
The Double Bonus Special is designed to provide o reduced rate for individuals who wish to sell things they no longer need The special rote of 2 lines. 6*4oys $3 mokes it profitable lo advertise low cgs* items such os baby furniture or used appliances 
The only requirements ore; 
1 
Only private individuals are eligible for this 6o% money saving rate 
2 
The od must be placed tor si* days lf the item is sold before the si* days are up, you may cancel further running days of the od bu* the full rate will be charged (lo other words, no refund Or rote od|ustment tor unused days ond no copy substitutions) 
2 LINES • 6 DAYS • *3 
(ADDITIONAL LINES EXTRA) 
SAVE AN ADDITIONAL 1o% BY 
MAILING PAYMENT WITH YOUR AD 

..— 
I I I I T T T I I 
I I I I I I I I I I 
I I I I T T . . . . . . . . . . . . . 

2 i 1 1 " m r 1 
1 1 1 i 11 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 r n ' r n n 

3 
1 1 1 r 1 1" 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 r n i i i i i 11 i i 1 1 1 1 1 n 

4 
1 1 1 1 ' 11 ' 1 1 1 1 ' ' ' n 11 1 
11 1 i t 1 1 1 1 1 r n 
5 1 1 1 n m - 1 1 1 1 1 1 
1 1 1 i i 1 
11 1 1 1 1 1 1 n u n 

Figure the cost of your od from these low rates Deduct 1o% lor 
2 linU S . . . S 3 .OO payment with your order These rotes ore tor private porty want ads 
3 lin e s . . . 
4 . 5 o ond apply to six consecutive day insertions 2 lines minimum Ap 
4 lin e s . . . 
6 . o o proximately 31 spores per line 
S lin e s . . . 
7 .S O 
Please check your od the Inst day it appears NO ADJUSTMENTS 6 lin e s . . . 
9 . o o 
FO* ERROR CAN BE MADE AFTER THE FIRST RUNNING DAY 
J lin e s . . . 1 o .5 o 

NAJML 
PHONE NO. 

ADDRESS 

CITY____ 
STATE 

START DATE 
CLASS. 

ZIP 

MAIL COUPON TO 

EXPRESS-NEWS DOUBLE BONUS ADS 
Ave. E at Third St./P .O . Box 2171 
San Antonio, Texos 78297 
----------- 

Call J am for in fo rm a tio n on th le r fam ous 
Mode 
M assage. 
P A R IS 
H U B B 
492 2994 
__________________________ t M f e R Y t 'S N e w Y e a r S p e c ia l m ogle M assage. 734-8253. 
F ine ^o r to tin g , 7o Iii B oxes C hick en Necks. $1o 5o. W ith This Ad $9 OO 
P e r 
B o x 
F O B C h e r r y 
S tr e e t 
P o u lt!v 5o1 N C h e rry St 724 73m 

FOR RENT 
H o u rly o r d a ily A u d ito riu m a n d 
P a rty ro o m b e a u tifu l N o rth Side 
L o c a tio n , g re a t fo r m u s ic , c lu b s , p artie s, w e dd in g re ce olloiiN m eet jogs at a ll kinds Cat) 344 4539 N ear 
N o rth S tar and C e ntral P o rk M all. 

HAPPY HOUR 
VzPRICE 
I nm to 9 pm on m ost m assages No w a itin g 
I? G ir ls to s e rv e y o u 
P AR IS R U B B 497 2994 
_ 
J iffy P ress Insta nt P rin tin g 
A fu ll s e rvice p rin t shop nea r you 
16o6 M cC ullough 
6211 San P edro 
17o1 SW M ilita ry Di 
42o9 F re d e ric k s b u rg Rd 
226 E R hapsody at San P edi o 
By 
L e g m a s s a g e s o ui s p e c ia lty 
M iss E x o tic 1 492 2994 
M A S S A fcE 
’G ra d u a te P h y s ic o 
Therapist. F o r A ppt. Coll 674 1283 
M A S S A G E T H E R A P Y , t r e a t in g p hysica l and e m o tion al tension Ms 
Valenzuela, 736-o41) 

OUTSIDE CITY LIMITS 
S ta rt the Now Y ea r out r ig id 1 G et the g re ate st 1977 m assage tor your b attered (ro m e at 1973 P R K F S I! I 
Com e see oui a ttra c tiv e m e ch an ics at the 
THE 
BODY 
SHOP PL 
19? 2oo1 
Q u ic k a nd L a s tin g W e ig h ! L oss. 
Through 
73? 5757 
S om atization. 
344 2284 

Ski New Mexico Colorado 
C h a rte r yo ur own (lig h t 
$ 17 s pet person ro u nd tr ip (par Iv Of 6) 
I'm details, c a ll (51?) 866 3471 

SPECIAL 
FEEL BETTER EAST! 
Sun Tan R oom , ste a m b oth m in i massage, bv b e a u tifu l g irls A ll tot 
$1o C all to r a p p o in tm e n t 
P A R IS 
H U B B 
Open IO 3o am to 3 am 
492 2994__________________ 
W A N T E D lo a d , le a v in g S 
A to r c e n tra l O hio, m id Ion w ith .’ ton ro v e r od va n, h o u se h o ld goods iim lla r load w anted 
Term s negoti blo 684 o381 a tte r 6 PM 
W A N iE D * to r ent se cure storag e tor 
3 
S A household goods, fro m m id Ii lo 4 m o a pp ro x.. 1.ooo IU ti a re a 684 o381 a tte r 6PM 

118 1oo61 NQI I CFS 

 south SAfi1 Anto nio chaptt r 
No 691. o . fc. 5 C oiled M e e ting Sa tu rd a v , J a n u a ry 15 a t J OO P M for 
In itia tio n 
M e m b e rs a n d v is ito rs w e lc o m e 
D o ttle H e w itt, W 
674 699o; 
D o ro th y 
T o m se tt, 
Sec 
474 1136 

12o BIOS I PROPOSALS 

 o r c a ll . . . 2 2 5 - 1 6 6 6 to d a y 
BONUS ADS BRING RESULTS! 
$ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ 

Sealed bid proposals oddiessed to the Owners will be reteived in the Ad mimstrotive Offne of the Noith fast 
Independent School District, 1o333 
Broadway. Son Antonio. Texas until 
7 3o PM february I, 1977, then will be publicly opened ond lead tor 
(huirhill, tee, Roosevelt ond MiArthui 
High Sihools ond iuckson Middle 
School. DRAINAGE ANO TENNIS COURIS 
IMPROVEMENTS 
Work consists at connote paving, asphalt paving at 4 tennis courts com pleies along with related fence repair ond dminioge improvements at the above mentioned schools, also in eluded is replacement at sidewalks, building new retaining woll ond rein! td chainage wack ot lackson Middle 
School 
Plans and specifications may be oh touted upon deposit of $?S at the of 
•ice of the consulting engineers A 5% 
Bid Bond or Cashiers Check and 1oo% 
Performance and Payment Bonds re- quned 
North tost Independent School 
District, 1o333 Bcoodway. Son An 
Ionia, lexas, OWNERS 
Pope Dawson. 87oS Blood wiry Son 
Antonio, Texos 78717, Consulting 
Engineers 

CONTRACTORS' NOTICE OF 
TEXAS HIGHWAY CONSTRUCTION 
Seultd proposals for constructing 
87 71* miles of Seal Coot Various lim its in Distill! IS on Highway No US 
781 US 8/ US S7, SH 71, IM 471, IM 
ISSI. TM 13o3 8 IM 1/84, coveted by 
C 73 13 I, C 143 S 17, C 776 7 17, ( 
483 7 13, t 483 S S, C 849 1 11, C 
849 7 12. C 1499 I ll, C IS48 I A A C 
1737 3 A in Atascosa, Wilson 
Trio, 
McMullen. LaSalle, 8exm A Medina 
County, will be received at the State 
Department of Highways ond Public transportation, Austin, until 9 OO A M , january 27. 1977, and then publicly opened ond lead Pions and specific lions including minimum wage rotes as piovtded by law ole available at the office of Altied o Hilgeis, Resident 
I ngmeei. Pleasanton, lexas. and Stole 
Department of Highways and Public liansportotion, Austin 
Usual rights reserved 

S e a le d b id p r o p o s a ls w il l be re ce ived bv the B oa rd al Trustees o f th e N o rth B a s t In d e p e n d e n t 
S chool D is tr ic t to r th e fo llo w in g item s at the tim e s shown 
F A B R IC A T E D M E A T 
2 OO p m , 
Tuesday. F e b ru a ry I. 
1977 
Q uotation 
R E C H A R G IN G OF 
F IR E E X T IN G U IS H * RS 
2 OO p rn , Tuesday. Jan. 2o. 1977 
Bid fo rm s m ay be p ic k e d up p rio r to bid opening in the oH ice of the Di re c to r et P u rch o sin a . N E I S H 
1o333 
B ro o d w o v . 
Son 
A ntonio. 
Texos 
________________ 

124 • IBM. MUCH 

OTY or SAN ANTONIO 
N O T K f or PO SIK 
HEARING 

A Public Mooring wtU bo hold by (bo City Council of (bo City of Awn Aurorae ow (bo 25th Boy of lonoory. 1477 at 7 OO PM rn tho Mission loom pf tho 
Henry I Genieiei Convention 
Hot! on (be proposal lo create a 
Rapid Transit Authority, the in­ itial boundary o4 which shod in dude Hie entire area of lexer 
County, Texos 
Interested persons Oro in- cited lo bo present 
G V. JACKSON, JR. 
City Clrarlc 

NOTICE OF PUBLIC HEARING 

JUDSON INDEPENDENT SCHOOL DISTRICT 

TAKE NOTICF that the Board of Trustees of Judson In dppendont School District of Eh-xat County, Texas, in view of tho 
Federal Voting Rights Act, os amended, will convene ond hold o public hearing at o regular mooting on January 19, 1977, in the 
Board Room in the Administrative Offices of said School District at 9327 Schaefer Road, Converse, Texos, commencing of 7;3o 
P M , at which mooting after the holding of said hearing sold 
Board of Trustees will pass and odopt an order incorporating such changes as may be determined at such hearing which will provide for the holding of an election on the first Saturday in 
April, 1977, being Apili 2, 1977, for the purpose of electing 

 three (3) Trustees of said District os required by law A pro posed order has been prepared calling said election which designates the trustees and thou terms of office to be voted upon at said election, establishes the school election precincts, designates the polling places tor the purpose of holding scud electron and contains other matters incident ond pertinent to the purpose of holding said election. 

Each qualified resident voter of said School District or other interested person is HEREBY GIVEN NOTICF ot his right to be present ond be heard at the aforesaid time and pine e either rn person or by and through hrs representative or attorney as to any matter contained in or as may properly relate in any man nor to the proposed ordei to bn passed by sold Board of 
Trustees calling said election 

TAKE FURTHER NOTICE that the proposed order to be priss ed by the Board of Trustees of said District, at the time ond place stated aforesaid, shows the school election precincts which will be established tot the purpose of holding scud elm bon (consisting of the grouping of those county election proc nits or ports thereof that liq within the Distr re t) and also designates the polling places wheie said election shall be held in each of said school election precincts to be established A <a|>y of said proposed order is an file in the ataiesoid School Distort s Arf inmistrabve Office where same may be inspected by anyone in terested in said trustee election 

G. Sirianni 
President, Board of Trustees 
Judson Independent School District of Bexar County, 

Texas 

NOTICIA DE AUDIENCIA PUBLICA 

JUDSON INDEPENDENT SCHOOL DISTRICT 

TOME NOTICIA que la Mesa Directive del Distrito Escolor de 
Judson del Condodo de Be sat, en vista del A lto Federal de 
Derechos de Votor, enmendado, se convocaro y tundra lino audiencia publico en una sesion especial el 19 de enero, 19/7, 

 en la solo de la Mesa Dnertiva cm las Oticinas Adminis ti Olivos de dtcho district ubicado en 9327 Schaefer Road, Converse, 
Texas, empesando a las J 3o de la (aide fir esta |unta las 
Miombtos de la Mesa Directiva nprobnian y adpataran lino orden mcorporondo die has ccimbios que set determiner an en dirhci lento y que proporc lonaron crier clones el primer cabildo de abri), 1977, siendo el 2 de abr ll, 1977, pain el propnsitio de elegtr a (3) Miembros de lo Mesa Directiva de dicho Distnto segun (os lequisitos de la ley Una orden propuesta ha ludo preparado para convocar de ha election que designate! a los miembios y sus termini 
|p rifle inn y caules se penetrate a vota c ion en die ha electro* establec lendo conns est oldies do tiler 
Clones designondo las cassias de votai para el piuposita de die ha election, contemendo olios asuntos im identities y pertinenles de de ha election 

N O TICE .$ H E R E B Y G IV E N , m a t 
Bexar C ounty Vavm us A ssociatio n w ill h o ld its a n n u a l m o m b o rs h ip m a ttin s a t I p rn 
F e b r u a ry FO 
1977. ut th * A ssociatio n's q u a rte rs 
13o8 M tC ro i.s s Shoppm p C ity, Eon 
Antonio, Toxos T h * o u tp o s t ot this m outm p w ill bo to o loct tho B oa rd ot 
D e a ctors tor lh . on sum p m o i 
A ll 
S tockholders ond S avina s A ccou n t m o m b o is o r* in v ite d to o tt.n d 

1o8 LOST ANO FOUND 

LOST 
I M edium b o ll n Paperer To ro ll H ills a re a 828 1923 i AST 
6 (> V 'T o M h u s h U o o m 
Tie C h ain WKlh 29 D ia m o n d s A nd 
O p tim is t C lub P ost P ro s id e n t P in 
W ith D iam ond G old B or F n a ra v e d 
A r# Y o u a L if t e r B u b ? 
HOO 
R E W A R D 
P P 
82? 9o82 6S6 7o1o 
I 6 iT 
Porn cr anion m ate, I?' Ion#] 
A hipn W eighs 3-4 lbs Lost W u rf b a c h F r e d e r ic k s b u r g R d o rc a 
M issed very m uch 658 8887 
. W b d M a fe ’ W in D a c h s h u n d 
I W e in e r D a g ) N E o f S o m m e rs e t 
(S e n io r Rd A re a ) A q u a C o lla r . 
922 638/ 624 2753 a tt 5 R E W A R D m r — 
B e w r a p 1 
A i o l i i a n 
M a la m u te Fem ale G ra y Looks L ik e u Wolf w ith o C u rle d Tan 85 IOO lbs 
494 o967 ljB S T "S o H and1 P epper Schnauzer v ic in ity o f W 
N o rw o o d 733 1487 
A nsw ers to 
M U O SV 
I (JST 
^ ib e ria n H u s k # B la ck uiiel 
W hite W ith B la ck M a rk in g s No col to r, G le n E c h o A re o , R e W A R D 
Bus 652 4985 Hom e 653 9349 rW ^1 3 B r8 5 3 M f!o l!T 3 K q 1 3 !r 
A re a 
N o c o y d o i h«s Rd outw ear* 
Loop 41o and B itte rs Rd 826 o/4$ 
“T55T--------------------- 
W hite M u le M m iu tu i« T‘ die 18 m o old As to 
B oB u in V olley 
H i, 
M e d in a 
B a s e 
R d 
A re a 
R E W A R D (M o n e ta ry or P u p p y I 
6/5 1937 A tt 5 

IDI LOT AM FOOM 

N o rtb s id e P ot D e te c tiv e A g e n c y . 
We find lest Pets 734-8511 
$2o REWARD 
F o i a lte re d m a le S IA M E S E CAT 
D istig u ishe d by the inside toe of the fro n t le ft toot bem a W H ITE tuto r m otion c o n fid e n tia l 
P lease ca ll 
534-6255 
__________________ 

Reword tor information loading lo the return of our gray 4' > yoor old fem ale 
W eim o ra n o r nom ad 
Dulce". 735 8886 

Y EW A B'F H T T (J E T V T TJ ’ b la d 
Lab na m e d T n e ia lo s t A la m o 
Heights urea Call M ickey Moore. 
494 6/6? or 276 136/ l l A* R E W A R D " E m R e tu rn of l l limns R R W atch w ith cham and gold piece 
No questions asked 
533 5969 ffEW A ftb 'T 'osf ii.'T 'enuc-dTHiah 
School orea, 3 yr old Red Chow 
Chow A nsw ers to L m T in g Has shots, no collar 43 2 o 2 28 , 349 o 2 7 5. 
B E W A B B t W T ir - t J u r t h e o s l 
Park Village Area Large Aum es stye Fem ale Dog Needs M edico lion Please Call; 656 o92J g O A 'E T . nu cottar 
675 o69* 

 os! large male husky have one eye only 

 in LUST Mi HUMM) 

REWARD O FFER ED For the Re turn of A ll Black M ale Labrador 
R e trie ve r M issin g Since I I I / / 
Between Olmos Pork ond Kenwood od North Mc Cuilough Area Please 
Call 877 3189 before 9PM 

118 SPECIAL WHIMS 
A u M A ftlu ij-------------- 
A ir c o n d itio n e d fo r w e d d in g s receptions, nonces elf Holds up to 
45o people G rea ter S A B u ild er 
Assoc 8925 N W in IO 696 36oo 
A Aouger cleans clogged drains and sewers best plum bing repair too One c o il does it o il, p ric e s before we start Seven days a week 
Cull anytim e 341 *124 or the white pages for A Aouger 

 a f Y E I x ' m a S i H 
E T K 
" ja n u a ry O nly 
Free 
Sauna 
732 33*1. 
TQK VO 
M a s s a g e 
YO 
HOUSE. 

AFTER X MAS SPECIAL! Jcinuor v 
Only price Massage- Free wold bed 
Garden 
Bath in 
Pearsall, 
I 334 4391 
A lm ost F re e f r u it spot lo tio n 
Te D e tro it, San F ra n cisco , D o nvo r 
St Louis 224 2221 
Anyone witnessing tho occident al 
IH I t and O Con hoc Rd Thursday. 
Jan 4, a1 appro* I 45 p rn Contact 
457 *227 

SOI BUSINESS OPPORTUNITIES 

 l A T O n T g W Y U A & r " ' 
HPS hying auortors 
Term s By owner Call 828 2121 after SPM ar 
I 557 99B4 hi 6PM 
BE YOUR OWN BOSS Nome brand 
Service Station with adlumine 2 be choom home on a corner lot on Bu smoss 133 in Seguin 
Im m ediate possession ot station Only 537, SB* 
GERONIMO R E ALTY, P O Box 54 
Geronimo. Tx 379-4315 Or 372*945 i t ho'tr I A R I e T T Ii? 6 P 'T o ik land Kelly area Good price lo soil 
COH 474*974 
(d in Laundry 
P ickup pa'yrm 
Small equity lets you in 824 46U 
C O N S U L TA TIO N : 
Pay what you think it s 
684 59o9 

A coda residonte votrm h 

 citrus personas mteresrjdos 

 co lifico d o , de dicho d is tn to o a 

I In oslo dnndo rn itll la de SU 

 dereeho d« astor p rom ote a la hora y al lugar yo mrrnr ionados 

 para dor SU v a / en persona, o pot su reprnsentrinto a abo gado 

 en (alquier asunto conrerninntc a la resolu tion propuesta p o i 

 lo Mesa D irectiva para convocai d ith a ele ctio n 

Dicho propuesta que sera aptobodci pot (os M iem bros de la 

M esa Directiva senolara los distritos elector oles est olor es que 

 se establec elan para el proposito de tenet d irh ti e le ctio n con 

 sistmndo de un giu p o de dlstfitos electorates del condodo o ser 

Clones que estrin derrtro de los lim ites del D istn to, desiqnando 

 tom bieri, legates de w otanon donde clit ho e le ctio n tern fin lugoi 

Una copia de die ha propuesta esta in los O tic mas 
Ad 

 m im strativas para personas interesodas 

Ok Sirianni 

PrpsidantB, Meta Directive Distrito Escolar de Judson del 

Condodo de Bexar, Toxos 

CITY Of SAN ANTONIO 

NOTKf Of MEETING Of ZONING COMMISSION 

THC ZO N IN G C O M M IS S IO N OF TH I CITY OF SAN 
A N T O N IO WILL HOLD 
THEIR 
REGULAR 
MEETING OF 
JANUARY 2S, 1 9 7 7 , AT SOUTH SAN A N T O N IO H IG H 
SCHOOL, 2 5 1 5 N A V A J O , O N TUESDAY, JAN U AR Y 2S , 
1 9 7 7 , AT 7 :o o P.M . 

THE PURPOSE OF THIS MEETING IS TO CONSIDER 
CHANGES IN Z O N IN G O N PROPERTY LYIN G BETWEEN 
S W . 
MILITARY 
DRIVE, 
KELLY 
AFB, 
CENTENNIAL 
BOULEVARD, S. Z AMR ZA M O R A A N D KYLE STREETS. 

LARGE SCALE M APS S H O W IN G THE A BO V E-M E N T­ 
IONED 
PROPERTIES 
AND 
THE 
Z O N IN G 
BEING 
PR O ­ 
POSED, M A Y BE VIEW ED IN THE OFFICE OF THE BUILO- 
IN G 
AND 
Z O N IN G 
DEPARTMENT, 
SOO 
DOLOROSA 
STREET. YOU M A V ALSO CALL 2 2 S -4 o 5 1 , EXTENSION 
2 7 o FOR MORE IN FO R M A TIO N . 

 rata 

G V JACKSON, JR 

CHV CURR 

M I BUSIWISS DPPQHIUUITItS 

* 
* 
* 
* 
* 
* 
* 
* 
* 
MAKE M ONEY! 
[Tull or part tune rat.ring to th. troxeling public Own 6 upend. 
VOu« own mup .endma mach int butine*; Iou be the bevil ho 
I yen hrgti tanttngv can b. yow ii ar r ut ding to your lor.ugkt and ability tub dttuili Jgrmchod upon logo*vt 
U t WINDING 
SAUS CO 
Surto TOI 
Arthur Fiend Beta! 
1933 Mara St, Daitui lo.av 
Atta dee Thornet 

 drivf ii* dRoetby Ln6 4U4 
P MKI Winton i Mop wu«? tot cill you# tMMM&r ClfttpM? p<j> It tug rte*! to big highway SIMMONS U t A l tS 
TAYE, H o le * I /42 IASS, JA J 4o*3 

FA N TA S TIC LO C A TIO N 

 ktaui 

 d6KfR A*T6*FER E6 

WORMS 
Worm growers needed We buy a you ran raise Contact K Bee War 
Form 696 o8/2 c 6 h i4 lii' 6» WTST av/I 
AUb 
AL AM E tO $ 
Good NS lo- anon zoned retail lots ut space $7oo mo 
342 o933 or 341 i i 14 i K 't r z v n r n a b * growing bu 
-.mess brock (rum Baylor. Wu*o 
Betail custom leather goods indian lew eiry Many repeal custom ers. heavy walk in lr attic treasonable price Lev V irg il (817)753 2641, Bo* 
6151, Woco Tx 7*7o6 

Fhie Jewiery and Gift itore 
Prime Northeast location 
2,o*6 5q FI $4o (WO Coll 633 9515 
Fur.st Northeast Children Apparel 
Shop tor inventory and fixtures cest Well established over 2 years with cherie clientele 
*5$ 2544, 
455 IH I 
F lTwTT 
B rh b P ^ I lion good lease 
655 118o 
For .on* or leo*4- 
Rd . m etal fluor owner 923 2216 l f you'dr 
Hr int li.iJ fi r linum 
IJJ >o(1 

 r r j i u . i i lo." need to si 

15% fVosariioi 
.et b u ild in g , 

 lu re sled 

SOI BUSINESS OPWRIUIIlliS 

IN TE R E S TE D , 

 ip O'; 

INT fc HNAT IONA! 
DIS TR I ti ll TOH SH IPS AVAILABLE 
Less than SIO* rn vestment 
•Proven Business 
.Complete Ii amnia 
.Unlimited income 
•Success Guuronteed 
Cob 341 7o4s between 4 7PM 
L A ftd f GROZeftY STORE 
> > 

Dick Young Real Estate 
Kames City Texas 
I 78o 26*o 
M edium 
78o 2397 
H i t A lin a n T 
H 
H t n t 
■rowing WO OCK) yr All equipment 
Mutt ceil For opp I, call 923 9)47 
1,(56 metal Social Security plates. 
I 445 cases Machine and display 
532 7434, 933 5986 

M e x ic a n R e s ta u ra n t 
* H I S LA U R A N f A P R O P E H I 

 inly, 
National Post Food Chain slops For 

 o ilw a y w ith a u pf m o d u la r bu 
I rn A m e ric a s ti narked w rite c 
S te v e n s o n . H 
T h ru , 1729 fc 

12 NIQHYCLUBS and leunaes for sui. mid lease rn various parts et the c ity , terne tg lly equipped 
654 7478 or 714 INF 
""NBTf'fli'io 'fe" 16 6b m aRkET- fcstubhshed 38 ye ors 
G ood m o n e y m a k e r to r so m eone who w ants to w o rk n in e s ' tu te e s sa le ' C oli 736 31*1 tor ra ter m o tio n 
N7,nr,Tf e“ o. ?'T" wnTT’ 
I ''H, 
B ia n co Rd iipei ultnri fiesfeunji 
TTI 

4 
I 
« 

San Antonio E X P R E SS-N E W S— Saturday January 15 1 9 7 7 
6o2-SALES 
6o2 SALES 
BUSINESS 
OPPORTUNITIES 

YOUR OPPORTUNITY 

MHYGMPtffMG I WVESTIGATION 
Top account! 
W W tench now ow ner. N e t* STO,OOO yr. $ 1 5 ,o o o 
On. 
TAPES, RECORDS, JEWELRY 
K odak Healer nice N atu re*, gras* 
S I SO.OOO, net* $ 2 5 ,o o o , SOO,OOO. 
ORY CLEANING I LAUNDRY 
Shirt unit. Top equip, w /p ro p e rty . 
Nets SSS.OOO yr., $ ( 5 ,o o o de. 
EAST FOOD OPERATION 
A lto to go. O w ner IS y r*. A lw a y * busy N e t* $ 1 4 ,o o o yr., $ 1 2 ,o o o . 
1 
PLUSH RESTAURANT NORTHEAST w ith m iser! drink lounge, grossing 
$4o,OOO mo. short hr*., good lease, seats $ 2 3 o , $ 6 5 ,o o o do. 
TINE MEXICAN RESTAURANT 
Seats 6o. G oad lease. Lot* of food to go. Nets $ I OOO mo. $ 7 5 o o . 
CLEAN DAIRY KREEM 
(■cedent parking. Loads of e q p t., m oneym aker. $ 8 5 o o . Terms, 

FINEST MIXED DRINK CIU* 
W ith food. N X U P N a tu re *. N ets o v e r $ 3 ,5 o o m e. $ 2 o ,o o o de. 

BUSY WORTNSJM RESTAURANT 
Mim ed drink*. 
Soot* 
12o. 
O ro ** 
$ 1 8 o ,o o o . 
N o t* 
$ 4 o ,o o o yr. 
$ 2 5 ,o o o dn. 

URGE BUSY WASHATERIA 
Close to bose. Grossing $ 3 5 ,o o o A nets $ 1 5 ,o o o yr. $ 9 5 o o dn. 

BUSY POOL HAU 
Mimed drink*. 
N e t* 
$ 2 o o o m e. 
$1 5 ,o o o dn. N e com petition. 

CHILDRENS APPAREL SHOP 
O w n er ill. 
Clean 
N a tu re *, g re w 
$ 4 o ,o o o yr. e t Invoice. $ 2 4 ,o o o . 

SEVERAL MIXED DRINK CLUBS 
NK, real m oney m akers, clean Nm. turns, goad parking, leases, term s. 

NORTHSIDF FOOD MARKET 
O w n e r 38 y r*., HI. O ro**. $ 2 3 o ,o o o yr. Top N atu re*. $ 2 o ,o o o . Term *. 
(UL (Jm uyfaAn Co: 

735-9458 
2oo3 N. Main 
735-8611 

C 
EMPLOYMENT 
D 
O 
D 

6o1 PROFESSIONAL 
6o1 PROFESSIONAL 

Aircraft 

N 
O 
R 
T 
H 
R 
O 
P 

Worldwide Aircraf tServicesJnc. | 

Overseas Employment 
Tehran, Iron 

Immediate requirements to fill following vacancies: 

F-14 Airframe Planner 

TF-3o Engine Planner 

Material Planner 

Applicants must have 2 S years experience and be 

 available within 4 to 6 weeks. 

Provides excellent snlory (based on experience and 

 proven performance), family trove! and the following 

 benefits: • Overseas allowance • Bonus • Housing 

 ond utilities allowance • Settling Allowance • Com­ 

 pany paid tuition for dependent children 
• 

Transportation to and from work • Insurance plans 

(life, disability and medical) • Storage of household 

 goods • Etc 

Qualified applicants should forward 

 resumes to: 

P.O. Box 1o8 
Lawton, OK 735o2 

 no p h o n e call p le a se ! 

 an equal opportunity employer 

5o1 BUSINESS OPPOBTllNr,IFS 
5o4 MONEY IO LENO 

* u 

O w n Y o u r O w n B u t in e * * 
A n n e to M ores IV IO Field Rd 
W ichita 
Colt (817) 69? 141o 
Plan! ond (lift shoo northeast, stock aud fn t u r * * under SS,OOO. take over lease on 9oo sa tt ass SAHI ASS 482? 

S M A L L H O N O R L O A N S 
J U S T P R O M IS E TO PAS 
A A A C R E D IT _______________ 223_*24# 

 s to rtin g , e x p a n d in g in ta n g ib le ac- c o u n t* re c e iv a b le c a th a v a ila b le fo r these ond o th e r m o n e y n e e d * 
COH 473 8857 now 
PRICE REDUCED!! 
Due lo illness ow ner m ust sell Go mu busine-** in good MW location 
E x c e lle n t o p p o r tu n ity to r r ig h t b a r e r 
C a ll O w e n * . R E A L TOR 
14V 11?1 n ile * 82A S4A1 

Arthur E. BIARD 
PROFIT OPPORTUNITY 
D u n n A H r o d s tr e e t s o y s 
C o in 
O perated L a u n d ry and D ry Clean mg Stores are one ot tw o in du strie s with the least fa ilu re ftg u re v 
K W IC K 
W A S H c o in o p e ra te d kjundr y and dr y cle an in g te d store* tor .HO­ 
W E H A V E I h a il e la u n d ry ta, uturns ie t-vei y p a rt of Son A ntonio 'e od y to build now 
B A N K R A T E F IN A N C IN G 
I-ar in fo rm a tio n call t i ) F loyd s i.' 684 1 /71 o r v i m ! o a r warehouse show room at m o i Joe* wood, bun Antonio. T • 
78218 
F o rd C o m m e rc ia l S a le * Inc 
The W o rld * L a rg e *! 
Speed Queen D is trib u to r 

R E C O R D S T O R R I 
N ortheast I (ce d en t location, good tease P rice d to sell Call ASS ASlO 

R E D W O R M S , c o m p o rt p r u e s before you buy Buy back co n tra ct tim e paym ents plan on a I ped 8*1 ti 
SO OOO w o rm * to a A Ped opera hon. also n u rs e d m a ch ine * avada pie Thom as A rn old 64o/ O riska n y, 
‘.OII Antonio, T i 78247, SIJ ASA oo16 d o u r an! 

 yst Bt to r mom 

Can 

-tile busy shopping h ig h w a y in n o rth p ro x m v ty of UTSA town, ow ner t a r r y re m a in d e r otter 6pm 141 642' 

 r e s t a u r a n t ' f 6 N 'sALK. ti- Im" loc af ion on f reeler 
» oura Woad aer ak** from M edical Center Com p it * iOOO >a ft of in d o o r k« ottng and 4ooo ft of o utd oo r d in in g 
L otye , tufty ^Q uipped kitch e n 45 * 
'it ‘ afer m y equipm ent included la lease 165,ooo Phone 4V4 14oV 

R iv e r R e s ta u r a n t le a s e fo r s a le 
Cull 221 741} bg to re noon 

• s H T o r ' l e a ^ 
----------- 
Lounge. 419o *q ti tor lease p o rt ut 
J iff# M a rt s trip cent c r a t 1oo2 b lu r {a m o ra to ta l p ro p e rty a vou e bk- tai investm ent v?4 42o9 
A L L R E A L T Y 
S II 7*87 hat) 'o r rent to n tie used to lis t e r , o r b o d y s h o p 
IO x-r ie . sh arp Rd 

W H E N T H E B A N K S A Y S N O * 
W E S A Y GO 
______ SSO OOO up 149 6421 

5D6 FINANCIAL INVESTMENTS 

 jtm m erce house ice s ta tio n , and forge bldg . ad under good leose I » per m o on in vestm en t. 
VJV SOO 
176o sos - on fnoPOSinoKS 

We hove R o yalties in the P e a rs a ll 
O il Field to r sale 
G ill and Hugo. D ille y. TX 
I WO .'or! I or I i.’n SS4s 

51? INSTRUCTIONS 

K E Y 
PUNCH 
4 Short Weeks 

O w * To D o m orsel— 
N ow enrolling lo r 
A fte rn o o n C ia eve * 

O th e r T ra in in g int 
Computer Operations 
Computer Programming 
Morhra! Assistant 
Medical Secretory 
Nurse s Auk Orderly 

Call 224*9286 
CBM 
Education Center 
1121 Navarro 

6o2 SALES 
6o2 SALES 

U N U S U A L O P P O N T U N IT Y 
T^iOs heiled compony is seek mg m a rrie d coupon, no ch ild rem. to 
'earAttent and kelt product* at $tafe fa ir %how% M a s ! h a v e c o v e re d pick 
UP ar large* covered truck Must Pc a * a Habit? to travel up to 6o d a w 
(Jan# O ctober) Send resum e and i ccunt photo Wr itten! ttiquines cutty 
The Wooden Flower Mnnutoctunny 
Co 8Q2i HobPta O ft/e. i>an Antonio 

U & ed c o in la u n d r y e q u ip m e n t 
WOktHK Se. LO and IO IP dr york. HW h ta te r b O tttn e r, yocio d it* D enver, dry (..leaning mac Pint** F aid my ta 
DttfV W/4 66oS 

 ip o rfo b ii* oJfick T e rm * 

--------------------w f ' i u V --------------------- 
Businesses and In v e ile r ie * 
J KAHN A ASSOC M I 48X1 

WORMS 
We buy w o rm * under c o n tra c t 
W arm g ro w e rs needed i t I ASI SUO 
W O R M E N T E R P R IS E S 
V A U A ki A n-uiori ylTSrTTTm ii.s i in 
Son M a rc o * In v e n to ry $45,ooo Se nous in q u irie s only I j»2 1 8 /6 

6o2 BUSINESS OPPORTUNITIES 
WANTED 

 mr concept 444 1*o* m MONEY TO UNO 

EQUITABLE 
TRUST COMPANY 
W e spec lo lu e in the p u rc h a s e e t: 
•C h a tte l bt M eat Estate Notes 
• F in a n c ia l Leo sing 
• F o i ta rin g A c c o u n t* R e c e iv a b le 
IN Q U IR E A T 2 H -8 J I4 
•BIB H B C B ld g 
San A n to n io m C H rA N o T A R K S T A T * BAN K th e bank w ith m o re lim o for you! 
H ighland at H o c k b o r ry t i l J i l t 
T i i m r n m 
B U T H A V ! N O C B B O IT T T T 
C a * U n io n F in a n c e 225-4871 a r n i Tm a c a p it a l ntun fin a n c in g , b u s in e * * a n d fin a n c ia l p la n n in g a v a ila b le 
B ro k e r * p ro- le tte d 
C oil 
W A Y N * 
S L A T E R 
4*8-1428 

HALLMARK 
AMO-THU ^ 

• ( C O M I A U C IN S ID a v i a t i o n t i c m n i c i a n 

 p Approved lot Veteran* 

• Ainedilefl MATIS kiitituhea 
P 144 Appt o« xii 
P Courses in Airborne a n i Toe.'plant p Quality for I AA AA* Ixenve 
O Course Duration 12 Month* 

• lo t Not erne rn Assistance 

Pe pinni ng Awn. 3 1 (4 

VISIT on C A II 
H A LLM A R K A IR O TECH 
113o N th St 
Stinson field 
Sen Antonie, loin* 71214 
9 2 4 -E S S I 

 f 

ENROLL NOW 
CLASSIS MOW LOAMING 

• M ale Ov A e .I* 
• M e Ak el A m i . 
• U A A u l 
• Annie vee I v 
11 lo W e Veteran. 
• UigW e Ie , b u 

Job F to ie m e n f A tt it ha nim 
•o r Information toll 
S.W. School of 
Modicai Assistants 
3 2 4 . 3 2 9 6 
I I S B roadw ay 

|«$s»$m$ss*mt5$s$$$$s$sssF«nsss| ■ SA L E SP E R SO N W A N T E D 

T ELEPH O N E S O L IC IT O R S t 
* 
5 
I S 
$ 
$ 
$ 
5 
T 
% 
I 

 ssm s*$s$»t$s»sss$ss$$$st$s$$$sscs! 

Experienced 

Needed Immediately For evening work, 
5-9 p.m. Make over 
$3oo weekly, salary plus bonus. 

Apply In Person 8:3o a.m.-IO a.m. 

1 1 5 1 4 Jo n e s M a lts b e r g e r 

NO. I FORD DEALER IS EXPANDING 
WE HAVE OPENINGS FOR 8 PEOPLE 
Some Solos Experience Helpful, bul not necessary 

COMPANY BENEFITS: 
* NEW CAR FURNISHED + HOSPITALIZATION-INSURANCE 
A GOOD HOURS * EVERY OTHER WEEKEND OFF 
★ BEST PAY PUN IN TEXAS 
ONLY QUALIFIED, NEAT APPEARING PEOPLE NEED APPLY 

CAU: DAVE GAVIN 222-8611 

IO A.M. ’til 12 NOON ONLY 

HEMPHILL MCCOMBS FORD 

FULL TIME TELEPHONE SALES 

We can train you to earn up to $4.oo per making calls from our office, we are on the Bus line and we have free parking. 

 lf you are 18 or over and need o steady job with a chance for advancement please call 
Mr. Brown 

2 
2 
5 
- 2 
8 
1 
8 
An Equal Opportunity Employer 

ROUTE SALESMAN 

BUTANE GAS 

MUST Bf ENERGETIC— WILLING TO WORK 

 it GOOD PAY it VACATION 

♦ UNIFORMS AND HOSPITALIZATION 

M C D O U G A L D H Y D R O G A S 
1955 S.E. MILITARY DR. 
533-71o3 

 s i 

512 INSTRUCflONS 

ENROLL TODAY! 
Classes Begin 
January 31, uory . 
1977 
Mp4. L u te 
(Jinxal/Clerical 

(tent*! Asst (tent 

 foe Qgyc FdtitfffffPFkyI 
Opportunity Grout* 
San Antonio Coling# of Modicai I Dental Assis. 
224-o756 
5o5 L Travis 

F in is h H ig h School o f H o m e 
D ip lo m a a w a rd e d 
F o r fre e b ro ch o re , cad A m e ric a n School, fool fre e 
I 8oo 621 8118 
Veteran Inauiri** Welcome 
Texas Vocational School 
, I - V " 
. 
. 

6o1 PROFESSIONAL 

HOSPITALITY 
EXECUTIVE 

Pana 
•Town 
A ggressive. em brtteus 

 m an ag em en t o riente d Individual 
♦a join an a a f W a m oat dynam ic m otor inn m onagem ont ro o m . In rho industry 

I (co tto n , bo no hr . , and a g re a t opportunity fa r advan cem en t far m a w ha quality. 
M u m be p ro , und y in m an ag em en t or nova a m inim um of 4 y o u r* In a g en eral m anagem ent position o n d /o r restaurant m an ag em en t position 
College background 
R re fe rre d . 
Please m ail con - d en tial resum e tot 
Gary Porteous 
34oo1-1o at Causeway Blvd. 
Natoma. LA 7ooo1 

6o1 - PROFESSIONAL 

NOTICi TO 
JOB APPLICANTS 
Advancement* rn these column* art o.cepter! on the premise that |ob* el 
It red «mII be tiled on the bo*!* al merit without discrimination bemuse of sos unless the 
|ob is o bonoftd* OC cupalionol qualification 
EMPLOYMENT 
AGENCIES 
The Son Antonio Frivol* Imployment 
Association ho* a rigid Cod* of (th in to which oil its pnvot* employment ogtncy members subscribe fo i in foi motion about private employment oaencies, or ochon on complaints, coll 
174 78o7 al the 
Setter 
Business 
Buieau 

MEXICO SECURITY 

Position tor o highly qualified security expert who is fluent in Spanish to do industrial security surveys h* M o x k o loc U.S. firm. Pleose sand resume to: 

Express/Hows Box 7697 

Son Antonio, 78297 

D A Y A N IT E C L A S S E S 
K eypunch S e c re ta ria l, A ccou n ting . 
D ra ttin g a n d A ll O ther 
B usine ** 
C ourse* 
BAGIN JANUARY JI, 1*71 
Vet A p p ro ve d E n ro ll Now 
D U R H A M C O L L E G E 
IQS VAN P E D R O 
TVS-SJO I 

LEWIS BARBER COLLEGE 
I a F lo r e * 
" W I M M 

Security Offictr In n in g 
N t h cloy eros* fo rm in g now C ia * * b e g lu e * IS Jon C o ll fo r in fo rm a tio n 
A m erican A cadem y of P riv a te 
Police IJS-1838 

OUTSTANDING 
OPPORTUNITY 
Ixocubv* ability 
Successful background 
Active contort with 
Pernio nenl position 

 it stoa 

M othy* compony over 69 year* old 
Ho ,CMM anon Start at pre** 
I trying Potential rnco bvo figures 
Bn Ie 

 ion, tipenonc* ond 

 notion Stan al 

 deid of into fry* education, exponent* requirement* 
AM letter* kepi confidential Wnle 
Caprate lo x 4 1 1 1 
San Antonio, TX 7 * 2 9 7 

 slating income wiM be 

CITY OF KIRBY 
CITY SECRETARY 
Pa quieti en 4ooo— 3o aa players*o City system * l*i~ l i p i rls r n . 
I.trun on 
Mr 
PubiK 
Adnimhkv- eaemerrt. Accounting ar arhar 
-•to te d 
M A . lm m od rota 

Sand resume lo: 
City of Kirby 

U 2 B o u m o n 
Son Antonio, TX 78219 
• quai apportion!** employer 

DRAFTSMAN 
P e r m o o t q t p o s itio n in c iv il e n d s tr u ttu rrjl e n g in e e rm g o ffic e In S A 
M in im u m 2 y r * e s p 
S a la ry com m e n sal ate w ith a b ility SVA 7147 for opp! 
_______ 

E N G IN E E R c o m fo r ta b le w ith de sign of re in fo rc e d a n d o r p r t t t r e * * c o n c r e te 
M in im u m J y r * a s p e r 
•once w ith c o n s u lta n t o r c o n tra c to r d e s ire d 
G ro w th o p p o rtu n ity , som e t r a v e l 
S e n d r e s u m e lo ( s p r e e * 
N e w * Bos 481o 

E x e c u tiv e D ire c to r H o u se P a r e n t* 
M a rrie d couple 58oo a ith Reciurre* 
BA w ith ; y rs exp O' M a s te r* Also, w eekend h ou se p a re n t* needed Ba c h t-lo rs re a w ith 2 y r * e sp 
54oo m tb 27o 2757 
E s p e n e n c e d P re S c h o o l le a c h e r needed a fte rn o o n * o nly. 5 day week 
A p p ly 422? Sun S ha d ow (JIO a n d 
P e rrin B e lte ll 

E X P 
M A N A G E R fo r c h ild c a r t c e n te r F or a p p l to il **4-5477 

IN S T R U C T O R 
A ir c r a f t m o m te n a n te M u tt A P lic e n s e 
T e ach in g e sp e n e n ce p re fe rre d C oll 924 8S5I 

J O B H U N T I N G 1 512 545 OOO 
B e r n a r d H a l d a n « A 
A s s o c 
( 5 1 2 ) 
142 3 1 4 4 
S in c e 
1 *4 7 
N o t a p la c e m e n t o p e n e r 

P ro fe ssio na l E s e c u tiv e 
C o n su lta n t* In t I 
P ersonnel C onsultants 
o741 IM IO. Suite 44o 
$17 73* 224} 
SP ASSOCIATES Professional 
Employment Consultant* 
828 >57} 
18oo Plq/o W 

TEACHERS! 
Spec lancing u t 'f e a t h e r p la c e m e n t 
SPEARS Personnel Service___ i i i Jackso n K e lle t 
128 12*1 
6o2 SALLS 

AVON 

ADJUSTER 
P rim a rily p ro p e rty 
F u tu re lim ite d o nly by kn ow led g e a b ility a nd de­ s ir e 
M u s t be es o e r te n c e d a n d lir e n s e a C o rp u s C h r is t i 
R e tir em c-nt p la n , b tu in s u ra n c e , 1 o m pony car p ro fit sh a rin g and other b e n e fit* DOE 
Send resum e and re q u ire m e n t* in c o n fid e n te ta 
E spry** Bos 4812 
______ Son Antonio TX 7*2*7 

ISME. 
L ite m fg hi speed, e le c tro m e ch 
( X know h o w l 516 518k tee paid 
C ull John Vest 
82A *471 
J44A C ee gee 
( octet E M P L O Y M E N T S E R V IC E 

CAREER WOMAN 
Houston based firm ha* opening in 
Sari A ntonio E x c e lle n t o p p o rtu n ity 
C o lle g e d e g re e p r e fe r r e d 
U p to 
SIO. JOO lo stort C oll E L M a rtin on 
J a n u a ry 17 a nd I*, vo m 4pm to r a p p o tn tm e n t 
/im JVA/ E q u a l O o p grturuty E m p loye r 
M F 
C ASK W OR K E R i i i to w o rk “ wiTh m e n to lly re ta rd e d p e rs o n * . M o * ter * Degree fro m a c c re d ite d school 
Ot socrot w o rk 
J y e a r * fo lt- tim e 
• s p e r ie n c e 
In s o c ia l s e r v ic e agency, tra v e l re q u ire d $1219 per m o n ih A p p lic a tio n * a v a ila b le cit 
A ustin State School. WOS W lit h st 
A ustin TX 51V 4S4 4731, E s t JOI. un ennui o p p o rtu n ity em p lo yer 

CHEMISTS 
We ore seeking chemists tor I post bons which will be available soon in our organic chem istry laboratory 
One re q u ire s a BS d e g re e In chem istry w ith little or no csper le n t* The second reaoires a MS in o rg a n ic c h e m is try or a BS w ith considerable experience rn organic systhevs 
P le a s e c o ll P e rs o n n e l M g r af 
474-1418 fo r further inform ation 
Southwest F o undation tor R esearch and E du ca tion 
E qu a l o p p o rtu n ity employer 

GET BACK INTO THE SWING OF 
THINGS Be on A von R e prese n ta fiv e M eet people, hove tun, fin d out h o w p r o f it a b le s e llin g i* w h e n you ve g o t b e a u tifu l fra g r a n c e * . 
C a * rn v 111 s ■ ie w e t i v a n d f a m ily p ro d u c ts too 
I ll kh ow y o u how 
Please Call 
224 o*41 

C A R E E R S A L E S 
It you have d ire c t sa le * a b ility ond the d esire, lo t* ot it, you w ill m a * m o n ey w ith us We ye got o good th in g g o in g 
E v e n in e s p e rie n c e d sales p arson * ra n do well w ith our o rg a n iz a tio n 
We a re lo o k in g tor komeone w ith that e s tro e ffo rt Do you hove it 7 lu k e a few m inutes to ted us a b o u t y o u rs e lf 
S a tu rd a y 
Sunday, and M onday o nly 
14V I I I / fro m 9 lo noon and J to 5 c a ll M r 
Bell 

C a s h ie r a n d a u to p o r t * c o o n te soles M u st h ave e x p e rie n c e Vok 
•toy 
' . 8 
C O M M ISSIO N C O N C tS bs 
Re<"> 
E s la te 
S a le * 
U n h a p p y w ith e a r n in g s 7 O p p !y 7 F u tu r e * C o ll 
T es Vet R eqtty 413 484o 

C o n T ro c T D r a p e s B e d s p re a d s 
Sales person to sell c o m m e rc ia lly , d ra pe s a nd b edspreads to lo ca l ho te l o n d a p a rtm e n t m a r k e t w il l tra m Send resum e lo 
Post O ffice 
Bos IQ/42, P o ilu s TX /SVQ? 

DEANIE OWENS CO. 
JEFFERSON OFFICE 
H o * o p e ning * tor m oney m o ll va led a g e n ts 
F lo o r d u ty a v a ila b le a n d p lenty of clie n ts lo w ork 
Fast inov I m g a re o . lf you o re g e ttin g your! license or th in k in g of m o v in g in to al fed coot c o ll lo pp y Tim 442A. 

ENCYCLOPAEDIA 
BRITANNICA 
S alespeople o re a m ong the highest p aid iii the w o rld 
I im m e d ia te o aen m g s 
I W e w ill tro m 
J Must hove car 
4 We work leads a p p l basis 
Fgr p erson al in te rv ie w 

7 3 2 -2 1 o 5 

One of The leading new car Sales Dealership in San AnTonio, are benefiTs, are Demo Plan, 
PoTenTial earnings of over $ 2 o ,o o o a year by commission, 
IO day paid 
Training 
Plan, 
HospiTal and Insurance Plan, and Many OTher 
BenefiTs. 
Qualifications: v 
• Good Family Person 
• Neat Appearance 
• Present Goad W ork Record 

SOME SELLING EXPERIENCE HELPFUL BUT 
NOT NECESSARY AND A GOOD ATTITUDE 
AND WILLINGNESS TO WORK HARD. 

 lf you are looking for a good career and are willing To work hard 

Apply In Person Only At 

CHRYSLER-PIYMOUTH CITY between 9 A.M. to 5 P.M. 
7ooo NW Loop 4 1 o 

PART TIME 

TELEPHONE 

SALES 

5 p.m. to 9 p.m. 

College, High School, MiliTary 

 or Retired persons can earn up 

To 54.oo per hour making calls 

 from our office. 

NO EXPERIENCE NEEDED 

FREE PARKING 

CAU MR. GREEN 

225-281o 

Aff fquol Opportunity Employer 

REAL ESTATE SALES 
Our expansion program has opanad ta v tra l residential talcs positions or c a re t.-oriented persons w ith or 
WITHOUT ex­ perience. Tour suscoss p otential is thoroughly oxplorod in our CON- 
FIDENTIAl interview program , lf you ure accepted, yeu benefit from our ostensive in-house tra in ing program and our proven success patterns. 
Call 
Jerry 
Seagrove, 824-o12), al our San 
Pedro 
Office ar f remit 
W ith e rb e e 
342-321), et eur 
Fredericksburg Rd. Of*ice, ar Bill 
McGinnis, 
494-7651, 
* t eur 
B rookhollow 
Office, 
I SI 3o Sen 
Pedro, 

 k o s o u r & k C i T W ^ 

R E A L T O R S - 5 o Y R S OF TRUST 

I 
NEED 
DISTRIBUTORS 

I wont to talk to people who want to moke money I don t care who! you hove worked at before but a soles background would help 

 lf you want to advance in o hurry give us a try 

(all my answering service anytime ond I will coil bock a* soon as possible 
Pat Wood 

EXPERIENCED 
SALESPERSON 

For 
Furniture and 
Ap­ pliances. 
Bilingual 
Top 
Salary or 
Commission. 
Reference required 

Apply in person or call for appt. 

PLAZA 
FURNITURE 
; 223 W. Commerce (downtown) 

: 225-2963 
So* Mr. Marvin . 

SPECIAL 
REPRESENTATIVE 
Htgh Co lib ra hereon 
. 
. neiva tealnlna p ro g ram f lvan. 
StwHfwg ascoma to 
1 o ,3 o o p ar yoar. 
TW . Is a c a ro a , position w ith m ew aga- m ont o p p o rtu n ity .. 
N o a x - partanco n e te .i a ry . 
O u tstan ­ ding group bieuronca am t r a tli .rn .n t banaftts o V o I lab ia 
Bv location o f hom o not nae- assary. 
All liW arviaw . strictly conttd ao rtal. 
Far personal 
In­ tarsias- coH 
C O N N U 
M Y iR S 
(9 1 3 ) 
4 3 1 -3 6 6 5 
C O U fC T or w rBot 
CONNIE MYERS 
P.O. BOX 1 5 1 o 2 
AUSTIN. TX. 7 8 7 6 1 

LOCAL REAL ESTATE FIRM HAS 
OPENINGS 
FOR 
LICENSED 
REAL ESTATE AGENTS, lf you are willing to work you will have The opportunity To earn a lot of money. 
All inquires will be held in strict confidence. 
Please reply to 
E/N Box 2844 

OUR EMPLOYEES KHOW OF THIS ADI 

NEW 
SKILLERN’* DRUG STORE 
2 3 1 5 LOCK HILL-SC LM A laking opphcotrom for drug, to* moth, photo-agar 
A candy deportment* See Store Manager 
Jerry Thompson 
Twos., January I SH* 
Excellent B en efit* 

JM H oinfr 
Wore T h in a Drug Store tonal Opp.racH) 
M i 

 t 
3 4 9 -6 o 7 5 t 

* + 
+ 
+ 
+ 
* + 
+ 
+ 
+ 
* < 

LICENSED 
LAND SALES PEOPLE 
UNI SALES 
PARTY SAUS 
Ct OHIO SAUS PEOPLE 

■tunny 
To 
Moke 
Up 
To 
o.ooo per vee Qualtfiea pro sped* furnished 
Heed 2 good vale* people immediately. 
822-7451 

 s a m 
3 i % e n e 

HJ G., INC., BROKER 
AH EQUAL OPPORTUNITY EMPLOYER 

SALES 
TRAINEES 

Immediate opening* loc mature salesperson* to sell quality jewelry m Cor the Diamond Salons Previous exponent rn jewelry wiles de uroble Training salary will be S37S monthly 
Off ta position also avodoble 
C A | > L 

654-1 8 71 

For A p p o in tm e n t 

E stablishe d Com pony hood* celt m o tiv a te d ba le s p e o p le 
M a ke 
VOO t weekly Coll for appointment 
M r-C allins 224 2o41 
Even it you hove never suld o.-tore, you can earn up to 52o8 to 5Joo a week to k to rt 
We fro m y o u ! 
Q uabtied leads fu rn is h e d Local urea Coll Richard P o rno , 141 1422 
CHEAT CHANCE 
To expand into many real estate fields with progressive group 
MAC HEAL ESTATE 828 2521 
HOME PARTY SALES 
Unique new product 333 5828 in d u s tria l Chem ical Sales, Local area light trove! Call on Food ond 
T ranspo rtation businesses Draw mg account, potential 51o.ooo year 
Red Top Products Call Carl Dor mon 
ITS 3)58, 225 J149 would like to m eet a man who would like to 4>c earning 5j OOO per month in the next VO days Coll M r 
Doxstater 149 6241 

NEW IDEA 
U nusual opporTuritFv tor m en or women Heed car We will train you la earn S2oo 5 IOO per week 
Call 
Tom or B a rt 349 4847, 14V 4497; 
S?8 >o7) eves 

 j u n e L e w i s a a s s o c i a t e s 
Sale* Placem ent Service, me N E lo op 41o, Suite 2o6. 828 9o6/ 
ING FC ~ 
-------- 
I OOH IN G FOR A GOOD C A P L E R 
Have opening* in Son Antonio office to r tw o re p re s e n ta tiv e s w ith 
P referred Risk M utual Am erica * hrs! and la rge st nan d rin k e r * m s u ra n tc com pany 
For a p p o in t merit io n Ted Well* at 824 7491 

MATERIALS HANDLING 
EQUIPMNT 
The most established progressive d is trib u to r of m a te ria l h a n d lin g equipm ent rn the Southwest seeks ca re e r salesm a n to r the A u stin a reu Transportation and expenses fur ii i shed Commission basis with protected te rrito ry E xp erienced o u tsid e sa le sp e rso n o n ly bend short resume to 

RJI Tayloe Co., Inc. 
M I Bfuodwgy 
SU jy e 

M EDICA L SUPPLY 
SAESMAN 
Experienced m edical supply sales man to call on established doctor and clin ic accounts in the D allas am u Dr ow * commission Forw ard resume in confidence to 
T E XA S H OS P I T A L S U P P L Y a t t n c l i f f b o b lk t s n th SATSUMA 
PALLAS, f fc x AS /Sizy l a s , r 
M t k O k WOAAeTW 
R e sponsible opening with large national argon izahon Some m echanical aptitude helpful USO per week starting Cull 
W o1*o 

CAPABLE 
STORE MANAGER 

Abl* to w o trM Customers os well as train athel employ*** lodies sportswear shop in north side moll Top salary ond 
(ting* benefits 
* 

Writ# lot interview perienc* and backatoc press-Hews lox 777o, San An- 

 giving ex ii ourio Ex­ 

 ton* 7J2H7 

8 SALIS PERSONS to sd! fallow pages advertising 
Wb will train 
ExptriBncB not necessary 
Salary + commission 
Apair MI Si la Moxa Ar n. anytime Jan. IS thru Jan. 25 

TFCHMICAl 
R f - W 
L 

SYSTEMS ANALYST PROGRAMMER 
Immediate opening available for ex­ perienced Systems Analyst Programmer. A minimum o f 2 years experience in A N S , 
COBOL programming is required. ALC, 
C IC S/V S, 
D L /1/V S , or 
IM S /V S pro­ gramming experience also helpful. 
Ex­ cellent working conditions and employee benefits. 
IBM 
3 7 o 
M odel 
145 with 
D O S /V S , 
C IC S/V S, 
D L / 1 /V S , and 
S P M /ll operations environment. 
Salary open commensurate with experience. 
A pply in person, or mail resume to: 

PERSONNEL OFFICE 
SANTA ROSA MEDICAL CENTER 
P.O. Box 733o, Station A 
San Antonio, Tx 78285 
An Equal O p p o rtu n ity Em ployer 

ADMINISTRATIVE 
FINANCIAL 

EXPERIENCED 
COLLECTOR 
Good Salary 
Must Be Bilingual 
Apply in Person 

1o3 L Commerce 
See AAr. Sanchex 
BILL 
FURNITURE CO. 

CREDIT 
COLLECTOR 

Ho edu ctions 

SISBO MONTHLY 
Starting income for ? executive type vale* oc-rsons to reorekenl largo lite in s u ra n c e co m p a n y 
No tra v e l 
Sole* e x p e rie n ce and a b ility de­ sired Established resident capable of a ssu m in g re s p o n s ib ilitie s In requesting interview please Include brief pet sonoi history. All replies ro n ltd e n tio l M utual of New York 
68oo Park Ten Blvd Suite I JOE bon 
Antonio 782U 

S3 PTR NOUR THIS commission to start, cOlMng an agr customer*. Car necessary Must be neat ond ileal) cut 494-581 
PEST CONTROL AND TE R M ITE 1 b A L k b M A N W A N T E D . S A LE S 
EXP NECESSARY 
ALL MAJOR 
BENEFITS GIVEN Call 144 o28! or nom e to 122 B W Rhapsody 
Physically h/Midii upped 18 yrs or o lder h a y * tra n s p o rta tio n . C o ll 
|J 4 ^ 7 ^ ^ ^ V o n ^ n l^ p r uput 
Position open tor aggressive heavy c o n s tru c tio n e q u ip m e n t sa le s representative Experience desire blo but not n e ce ssa ry 
S a la ry , commission, expenses paid, vaca­ tion, insurance, and profit shoring 
Resume desired Contact Don Far rington. Swering, Cos* Equipm ent 
Corporation, 
OSJ Ot 11 tor 
QPixwrttfwezit 
___________ 

 e j u m m . i t . 
F ra n k 
G e ro m ita a t 
D E A N I E 
OWENS CO 
REALTORS 532 5245 
Reputable Sales Company looking for experience fence Installer F irst 
Slate Fence Compony 924 189o 
* I SALES Need J licensed as sonatas w illin g lo enter an eden sive training program , designed to tu rn you in to a m illio n d o lla r producer m less than 6o days Full time only. Coll 681 o66o 

R £ Q 
- £ A S P E I 

Local attice at national organization entering ban Antonio m arket need* full tim e or p a rt tim e rep*. High i ommissions on pre qualified leads 
A challenging future with leader in it* fie ld 
M iss E llis . S a tu rd a y , 
Sunday and Monday only from 9 ta noon pud i 5pm J49 ll la pfcjlesman lr * lewelry sales, must be wilting to trave l; long hour*, high 
POV- . position* open, couple* ac- 
Lfptobic For appt call 149 64?jj 

SAUSMAN w anted lo seD m ed lcal su p p lie s b a ip r rtiu m m'ss'C") 224 6241 uA l E SM AN W ANTED for central heating and on conditioning Must hove experience Will be w orking in established te rrito ry tor a d istrib u ­ to r at o m a io r n a m e b ra n d . 
Opportunity unlim ited For word re ­ turn® Ittdirm education, buck ground and e*p#n®nc«? AH inqpir ie* it fie f 
Iv confidential Campbell Inc® D i* trtbutino T m N * Loop 41o bon Ari tanto /8?3o 
___________ 

SALESMEN 
I need 2 salesmen who really think they are good! You con realistically e a rn $3o.OOO P LU S p e r y e a r in 
R iverm onl. lf you ore am bitious. and want tg make a lot at money k#Htne RNyprrtiont call nit? tar fin uppointmeni Turn Taylor. 494 5237 

TEST MANAGER 

5 -1 o years experience in electronic testing. 

Manufacturing background helpful. Electrical 

 engineering degree or equivalent. W est Texas 

 location. Send resume to: 
Manager of Industrial Relations 
P.O. Box 2o1o 
Lubbock, Texas 794 o8 

Better Yoar Mary 
Profit Sharin g 
BBmRRM Atkwa v i^ w eewerm 
Apply In Renan Only 
PENNERS QOTHING 
STOB! m w . 

H IU CHARGE 
BOOKKEEPER 

• Aaeunts payable 
• Payroll 
• General ledger 
Salary commensurate with ability 
- Southwest So. location - All compony benefits lasso Western Wear 
6 6231Z anam# re 

CASH REGISTER TECHNICIAN 

Ability to inspect, adjust, repair, clean and service Anker, NCR, Sweda and Salestronic registers 

Salary commensurate with experience. 

Excellent company benefits. 

 apply in person 
Em ploym ent O ffice 3rd Floor 
Joske’s Downtown 

 equal op,sortu n ity em ployer 

6o6 ADMINISTRATIVE 
FINANCIAL 
(i lefway "civ 
6o6 ADMINISTRATIVE 
FINANCIAL 

S A N Y O I N C . 
Ha* Opening Far: 
CHIEF JkCCOUNTANT 

Salary: 5983 to 51o82 per month. Responsible for all finan­ cial record keeping operations of non-profit corporation in­ volved in youtn program. Duties include financial and pro­ perty management, preparation of budgets ond contract proposals, forecasts and spending levels. Requires financial and statistical reports, contract close out packages, provide management with analytical data to insure the proper and efficient execution of each contract. Must have a BBA degree in accounting with 4-5 years experience, preferrably in governmental accounting. Applications are being ac­ cepted Monday-Thursday, 8-5 ending on January 2oth. 
Apply Personnel Office. 

6819 South Zarzam ora 
923-5411 
An Equal Opportunity Em ployer 

ACCOUNTS RECEIVABLE 

BOOKKEEPER 

With experience in credit extension. 5 day 

 week. Fringe benefits. Call Sarah Devlin 

2 2 7 - 5 o 4 1 

„ • 
APT MANAGER 
Must be permanent Lite bookkeep 
Ing. 58oo fee pa 
826-9671 
2446 C e egee 
LOCKE EM PLO YM EN T SERVICE 

F U L L CHARGE B O O K K E E P E R tor retail clothing store Perm«n#nl. 
Good pay and benefit*. Both manual bookkeeping and ntim -com pufer experience desired. Send written resume to PO Box 12467 San Anton io 78212 

 t - 8EC8ETMUI 

THE CITY OF 
SAN ANTONIO 
Has opening tori 

Department Head 
Secretary 

S a la ry $ 8 o 7 9 y o a r 

High School graduate, plus 3 years stenographic experience. 
Type 6 o wpm - 
Shorthand 8 o wpm 
Apply Personnel 
Department 
7 :45 to 4 :3 o p.m. 
Monday-Friday 
Main Plaza Bldg. 
I I 4 West Commerce 
(directly aero** from city hoi!) equal opprofunify employer 

SECRETARY 
TYPE 6o WPM 
3 years full time secretarial experience required. Short­ hand helpful. 
KB ZACHRY CO. 
527 LOGWOOD 
CAU 
922-1213 Ext 357 

6o2 SALES 

SALES MDR 
Female or male with 2-4 y r* retort exp rn w o m e n *' fa s h io n s 
To 
[SHK F bonus Call Vie Salim 
826-9671 
2446 C eegee 
LOCKE EM PLOYM EN T SERVICE 
SALESPERSO N W A N TED f/u” hove sortie experience Fun and Girt 
Shop ISO Wonder land 7J2 8oo7 
SALES REPR ESENTATIVE 
For Established m ateial handling 
E a u ip m e n t firm in San A n to n io 
M echanical aptitude needed, car necessary, d raw to w a rd com m is sion. high school plus some college preferred Will tram Send resume to P 
G 
Box 7684 
San Antonio, 
78297 
Umaue grow th opp ortunity w ith a 
52oo,OOO.OOO company tor those who qualmy , car. salary, and commis- sion 828 33o) 
Wanted meat sales people, male or female, start im m ediately. Vehicle 

 rararawMMraira£wiwawraSwii^&w^w 
SM TECHNICAL 

J 
EXPERIENCED 
• 
BENCH 
^ TECHNICIAN 

W 
Salary dependent on a *. per ie nee 

# 
Excellent company bane- fit*. 

^ 
Colt 7 3 6 -4 6 o 3 

• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 

AUDIO TECHNICIAN 
Soundcom Electronics 

/36 4417______ 

Electronic Technician 
Son Antonio based m anufacturer of com p u te rize d co m puter c o n tro l* needs a tech n ica l! to In sta ll and se rvice e q u ipm ent on a natio n a l level IK F lo s ta rt L ib e ra l over tim e- tra v e l expenses paid. C all 
Tom Burney 661 JIH 
Estimator Trompe Person familiar with construction u*ons mechanic OI ann or e le c tric a l equ ip take oft 
Com prehensive tra in in g p rogram w ill com plete your take oft s k ills and fit you to be m anager til San 
Antonio office of expanding take oft 
->eryice Send qualifications now to 
Donno Reeve. Mosca Survey Co . 
1417 G eorgia St. Lo* Angeles, Ca 
VOQ15 (?14J 746 IQI ' rn 
E X P E R IE N C E D F IE L D E N O lV - 
EER needed Ie handle survey mg. held inspection and concrete testing duties on h eavy ce n s tru c lig n protect loc oleo near Tgylar, Texas 
Contact: 
CLEARWATER CONSTRUCTORS 
P O Box 83o Taylor, Tx. 

We are an tm plover 
~ 7 r a 

112-3I2-7458 
Ennui 
Opportunity 

RAINING PROGRAM 
IN MAPPING 
Need a m b itio n *, d e p e n d a b le in d iv id u a l to r p e rm a n e n t em paym ent M ust have at east I year 
Of college with em phasis on math 
Must also be tree lo work ktnrts 4o hour week 
E x c e lle n t c o m p a n y benefits Apply Mon Fri. I 4 at IU 
(a m p St E uoal O pportun ity Em player KA F 

TRAMSMinER OPERATOR 
Fun power VHF T y Station need* one full tim e transm itter operator 
F irst phone and reliable tram ,poi lo tio n re q u ire d F rin g e b e n e fit* 
Send resum e and s a la ry r e q u ir ­ em ent* to Chief Engineer ■ KONS 
TV, P o BOX 2829. I a re n a Tx 
78o41 Equal opportunity em ployer 

B U M B A 

B urglar alarm installer needed im mediately. 
Experienced only lib lib !_________________________ 
IV MAINTENANCE 
Full power VHF TV Station 
Needs one to ll tim e m aintenance engineer w ith c o lo r e xp e rie n ce , p re fe ra b ly on TK 27 s. A m p e r 
112oo s. 
PC 7o s, g ra s s v a lle y s w itc h e rs ond v a rio u s te rm in a l equipm ent F irs t phone re a u ire d 
Send resum e and s a la ry re a u ir em ents to Chief Engineer. KGNS 
TV. P o Bo* 2829 Laredo, Tx 78o41 
Equal Opportunity employer 
TV Technician, full or part time. top 
Coll Vom 12 noon 822 1516 

6oS RESUMES 
RELIABLE RESUMES 
W RITTEN REASONABLY 
489-1o15 
RESUME SERVICE tor retiring career military or compony grade officer* 341 8188 

6o6 ADMINISTRATIVE 
FINANCIAL 

SENIOR BOOKKEEPER 

Must have training and ex­ po nance in bookkeeping procedure* and ability to project budget and expand ituras. apply In parson 
Inman Christian Center 
1 2 1 4 Colim a 

2 2 2 - 9 o 4 1 , Kx*. 4 8 

SAN ANTONIO 

C P X FIRM NEEDS 

C 
. P 
. A 
. 

FOR THUR 

LAREDO OFFICE 

828-6281 

H 
E M 
P 
CHARTERED BANK 
It you are presently employed rn a ban* and are lo oking tor a c h a l­ lenge aud would like to supervise a te lle r o p e ra tio n , c a ll 6Vo-94oO, t (Cum til 4prn 

LEGAL SECRETARY 

Intelligent, mature person witk rn- ittotivc Ie work aith experienced attorney Must Hoy# at bast 34 experience as legal lecrehiry. 
11 esp. necessary lenefrt* m- profit chunnia bonus nioup insurance, paid vacation 
Salary open commensurate aith tip. 

Call 2 2 5 -3 1 2 1 
M rs. H em an d ei 

L T c l i 

PART TIME EVENING 
SECRETARY 

 to work 3-4 firs. after 5 p m. 2-3 yrs. (agal expen 

 e rn e including M ag I. Ford parking and escort ta car by guard a l 
NSC 
Bldg. garage. Hourly rate open. 

Coll 2 2 5 -3 1 2 1 
Mrs. 

Challenging position tor experience secretary with initiative and sooer visor v Quality, good telephone per sonaiity. accurate 6o WPM. good shorthand, know ledge of hun ting ond fish in g , p re fe rre d S ta rtin g salary $5oo. neoo according lo ex p e n a n c e A m e ric a n S p o rtsm a n 
[Club P o llu tio n 
73? 9991 d o w n to w n law firm need* le g a l s e c re ta ry re c e p tio n is t M ust be proficient typist Legal expenencv not required if applicant I* w illing to 
•earn and looking for career Must be b rig h t, w e ll o rg a n iz e d , and dedicated S a lary com m ensurate with experience ond a b ility Park mg provided Ask tor Corol week cloys 8 IO to 5 226 1461 
Downtown law firm has ooeninc competent legal secretory w it leos! 2 years experience ond * bookkeeping 225 c.261 
EXEC U TIVE s it t R f TARY 
M inim um at 5 years experience, or college degree with I years exper le n t# M ag C o rd e xp e rie n ce . VO words a minute, bookkeeping light, salary open, north central location paid vacation and health insurance 
826 4241 
■ 
LEGAL SECRETARY w it* SB and and M o* Cord ll expert* 
22* 42*1 
SECRETARY REREPTIONIST 
We otter on excellent salary to on energetic individual with a pleasing telephone voice lo tom our company us Secretary Receptionist The in dtvidoul filling this position most be copable al typ in g vOwpm w ithout a p p re cia b le e rro r, be art occom poshed .latistical typist, and skilled iii the use of dic tating eauipment it you are an unflappable person with the organizational o bility to product top q u a lity w ork under lo n s to n t pressure, oiease co ll 69o MSO or send your resume including salary history tu 
Texan industries. Inc 
82o4 Gardendale. Suite 3o5 
_ 
Son An terne, Tx 712o# 

$7B»V N * 
“ ,9 F“ * " • * * 
Century Placement Service 

618 omen mum 

BOOKKEEPER 
Some general ledger ex per lei required Typing, IO key odd I 
CA 224 27/7, 227 5221 
Clerk Receptionist, answer peones. billing, lit# typing, general attice. 
8 5. 5 doys Cull 441 8)69 

CLERK TYPIST 
Minor insurance company requires respo nsib le u id iv id u a l tor diversified clerk typist responsibrli ties 5o wpm on electric typewriter with dictaphone experience Growth potential, excellent bedebt* Call 
449 1441 ext 44 tor appointment An eqool upuuitonity employer, 'e * 1. 

CREDIT POSITION le a d in g com pony needs e x p e r­ ienced phone collector with good telephone voice Solory plus month 
Iv bonus Permanent position with advancement Call 442-4196. 

San Antonio E X P R E S S -N E W S — 
Saturday January 15 I 9 7 7 

2 LINES 
Jr-Sa.- nPt 
YS 

N O N COMMERCIAL! 
C A N C E L L A B L E 
W IT H O U T 
R A T E C H A N G E 
2 2 5 - 1 6 6 6 

Q U IC K R ESU LTS! 

BRANCH TELLER 

• 
I Year minimum teller experience in savings and loan or bank 

• Northside and Southside area offices 

• Type 35 W P M 

Applications Accepted 9 A M to 3 P M D aily 

(EXCEPT TUESDAY: JAN. 18TH) 

FIRST FEDERAL 

SAVINGS AND LOAN ASSOCIATION 

8 o o N a v a r r o 

An tquol Opportunity Employer 

612 • MEDICAL 
612 • MEDICAL 

Metropolitan General Hospital is accepting applications for 
REGISTERED NURSES and 
LVN’s 
• Full T im e 
• A ll S h if t s 

G eneral staff duty and M IC U , S IC U , O B N ursery and Labor 
Delivery specialty areas. 
Excellent working conditions and em ployee benefits 
N ew im proved ..alary program 
Contact Personnel Office 
J 23o Brooklyn Ave./ San Antonio 7 8 2 1 2 ' 
•qual opportunity employer 

^ 
IN-SERVICE TRAINING DIRECTOR ■ RN 
^ 

 to assume full responsibility for assisting, implementing and coordinating our in-service program. The individual we ore seeking must possess a minimum of 2 yrs. exp. in clinical teaching or hospital in-service, a minimum of 5 yrs. clinical exp., C.P.R. certified, coronary core certificate desired. 

Excellent working conditions ond employee benefits Excellent starting salary commensurate with exp. 

Submit resume for interview appt, to 

P e rso n n e l D ire ctor 

M e tro p o lita n G e n e ra l H o sp ita l 

123o B ro o k ly n Ave., Sa n A n to n io 7 8 2 1 2 

•qual opportunity employer 

RADIATION THERAPY TECH 

Immediate opening for a Radiation Therapy Tech. Prefer ex­ perience in this field or as a Radiologic Tech. Must be register­ ed (RT). Excellent salary ond benefits. Good working con­ ditions. Be a pqrt of a superior organizotionl Contact: 
SPOHN HOSPITAL 

1 436 3 R D ST. 

C orpu s C h risti, TX 

(5 1 2 ) 8 8 4 *2o41, Ext. 126 or 127 

An (qual Opportunity Im plore* 

SKILLS TRADES 
614 SKILLS TRADES 

H O OFFICE I CLERICAL 

CREDIT CLERK 

Person Hired Must 

Feesenelity 
• I t Exttiwpi Typist e Know 1o-Koy by touch 

We pitter experience in 
Foiling woi hinr 

 e GooU Income e Excellent ItnefiH 

CALL: 661 *6737 

SN A P O N TOOLS 
S H I BUSINESS 
PARK DR. 

SECRETARY 
To Club Managor 

Ko shorthand Houri I t p.m„ A doyi per week. Mondtyi eft Geed calory ond working conditions Must 
Se neat ond congemol 

Call for appt. J. Hayes 
824-8865 

S a n A n t o n io 

C o u n t r y C lu b 

SECRETARY/ 

BIUING CLERK 

(lampitt Paper Co. 

3455 Steen Drive 

In perten only, J-JPM 

See PAUL 

SID OFFICE ( CLERICAL 

CLERK/ 
RECEPTIONIST 

Pretor previous experience 

Answ er phone, billing, lite typing, general office 
Salary commensurate with experience. 
Kaufman, Inc. 

926 Fredericksburg Rd. 

* 
PART TIME 
* 
RECEPTIONIST * 

Need to bo attractive ond enioy meeting people Work Sot. and l f 
Sun 
(ad Phyllis between I g l l } rn. ond i p m. et 
. £ 

* 
8 2 8 -6 3 8 8 
2 

T E L E P H O N E C O LLE C T O R 
C ollection a g e n c y needs e xo e r 
•enter! telephone collector No out hide to lls M a n y benettle good work mo conditions, excellent salary cmd bonos Coll 734-71/1 ACCO UNT 
SERVICES____________________________ 

MEDICAL 

CASHIER/ 
PAYROLL CLERK for cor dealership 
M o n Sri 
Porn 7pm with alternating Saturdays 

Apply Monday et 9am 
Tom Benson 
Imports 

95oo San Pedro 

6 irk H I LL T e B ld fT R irT iW Ic T 
ISO N W Loop 418, 464 G P M South. 
348-1744 t con o Be sources international n o s re lo c a te d to 
42o4 O ui d u iid o le , b u d e IO/ coil r n tots 
P e rs o n n e l C o n s o n a n ts s o # itu li/m o 
In 
T e e P a id positions M any g o o d 
Kiln _nuw open i u i i n o i f i l i u s , p a y r o ll , g e n e r a l l e d g e r , b o o s S e e p in g , ty p in g cmd g o v e rn m e n l fo rm s M u st h o v e w ork e x p e r ie n c e B rg o d w o y near Coop 
41o lo ca tio n 
874 7471 tor inter v iew 
CHH/! 
______________ _ 

NURSES 
Join the nation'* leader 
We hove offices ut over 21J cities ond have employed more than 52,ooo health core workers at the tost year 
We ort tho notion» leoder because we otter 
Competitive wag** 

G e n e ra l O ffice 
6 lima. type- 5o W P M handle Cos tow er phone ord er 
E x p e rie n ce 
' euuned salary open Root Candle 
Co. 224 794o 

IrRSRSRfte. dermaiieht position fur u Receptionist bec retary with J yrs experience USO a month, attractive northside location 8 IO 5, 5 days 
T ve in y 65W PM . ase dictaphone 
Too position tor well groomed, en ergetic person Send resum e and picture to E xpress News Box 7773 la d y tot allice w ork, good with figures only Apply in person 116 
Blue 
P A Y R O L L C L E R K arson nee San Antonio I S D 
O p p o rtu n ity 
Coll Personnel. 
227 iv■»8 fcQuoi 
Em p loyer____________ i t Y m » t i 6 H I i f n I T d c d for 
Real Estate office on Northside Job regoires ty^in 
Hima ond answer 
- A i l l t A N Y T IM t c> n o no 
ShBR- ym plo.ee. limited v ip e r 
•once. som e bookkeeping bolarv ope*i Norttis du 44V 272* 

Intereslinq aswan™ 
• flexible scheduling 
• Supervised workmy conditions find out for yourself why we re * I 
Interview now ond we d you quality 
Mony interesting assignments ort now available rn stoning home toro and private duty fee a personal interview tall 224-2341 
Work with M id i ond respect ,. work tor Ko ma mak ers Upfehn 
^ ^M | iifl^ p p 6 rh riiltjp w ip k m ^ ^ 

R N .'s and new g ra d u a te s F o T T lions available in M ed Su ra ond 
IC U -C C U 
F u ll se rvice , 244 bed 
JC A H accredited hespital Attroc five salary ond banatite O nenta lion. Ineorvice ond Contmumo Sd bond B x s lo: D.rector at Kure mo Services. St.P atrick Hospital, 
324 So Ryan, Lobo Charles. Lout steno 78481 

H O N D A 
MOTORCYCLE MECHANICS 

On February 13, 1977, Jo* Harrison Honda, San A n­ tonio's newest Honda motorcycle dealor, will be m oving Into one of tho Southw est'* m ost m odern new dealership facilities. 
W e ore now holding job interview s for 2 Motorcycle 
Mechanics who are Interested in earning top m oney and want permanent em ploym ent with one of tho best dealerships In Texas. 

Basic qualifications for em ploym ent are that you be 
18 years old or older, have a High School diplom a, be bondable and possess a valid Texas operators license for both auto and motorcycle. Your driving record will be checked by our insurance com pany and must be good! 

Tho people we are looking for must have h eavy ox* parlance in diagnosis and repair of 4 -cycle engines, electrical systems and chassis with Honda a n d /o r 
B M W background preferred. This is an opportunity for top wrenches only who must bo able to pass a rigid exam on their know ledge or motorcycle repair before employment, lf it sounds tough, if s because we want only the best people available w orking with us. 

The mechanics w e hire can look forw ard to w orking in a new, m odem facility located in a high income, high traffic section of San Antonio.^ They will be paid on o generous commission program and will also receive all com pany benefits including insurance, paid vacation, motorcycle, ports and accessory buy­ ing program, and a 5-day work week. 

 lf you are w anting a change and think you're the best, let’s talk! 

W e ’!! be holding interviews on M onday, January 
17th, from 9 A.M. until 5 P.M. 

Apply in person only to Mr. Thomas Stooffel at 36o1 
Broadway, San Antonio, Texas. 

All inquiries will be held in strict confidence. 

IVR 3*11 
Apply ill perron I U uewi* 
IVN ii f Aul ri.il* c u n ~ " ,: r - 
7192 Oak M ono, p f 344 833/ 
Not: de ii RetJ.jitffd kAeclitoi Teih noiosist f ull lim e ond port lim e 
, poi it tons 69o toto 
MTTZM---------- 
C O o F 5 i M A f 5 T “ tor noihtside periodontal off it e with iron of ll Typing, dictaphone col tee lion, staff activities Experience n e c e s s a ry d e n to I b o c k g ro u n d preferred Permanent position with benefits 444 Jim 
-----------RtdtPYi6WlsY------- 
Soper ate, perfect lob $3oo 6 
OR P E R S O N N E L 
Oak Hills Medical Bldg 
69o 9VIo 
Medico! Denial t mpluymynt U-, . 

HR IVN 
A L L S H IF T S 
All Fringe Benefits 

NEEDED DUE TO INCREASE 
IN BUSINESS 

BODY MEN AND 
LINE MECHANICS 

• Paid Vacations • Hospitalization* 

• Insurance • 5 D ay work week 

SEE IN PERSON: TO M M Y CARLOCK 

OR MR. DON FAULMAN 

NORTH CENTRAL 
FORD 
98oo SAN PEDRO 

Swearingen Aviation 

Golden Manor 
Hula 

M IS 
LVNS 7-3 • 3-11 
Non sm o k e rs please apply IO 17 
Hillside M anor 83 to Goon Lune 

PANTOGRAPH OPERATOR 

Swearingen Aviation Cory. hat on immediate requirement for en ex­ perienced Pantograph Operator. This position require* experience in the setup and operation af the Pantograph Machina 
Praviaut engraving axparianct is praftrrtd. Fashion afters permanent employment, goad starling salary ond excoUont company honofltt 
Compony paid benefits indude: Retirement program, group (Ho and medical insurance, insured sick pay, vacation nnd 9 holidays each yaar. 

Interested applicants should apply In parson at tho Impiaymant Of­ fice. Jo eariiigen Aviation Corp., International Airport, tan Antonia, 
T I (coma last an Utters Road past Blossom Athletic Cantar, turn right an Northeast entrance road). 

SWEARINGEN JU 

A Sub sidiary O f Fairchild InduBtriaB 

Equal Opportunity Employer 

TRUCK DRIVERS 

Lotol service compony nedds txperienied heavy doty frock drivers Most be dependable with good work ond driving tecords Local only MUST Bl HIGH SCHOOL GRADUATE lf yoo meet thes* qualifications we offer the following: 

• Top salary 
• Paid va ca tio n 
• Paid sick le a v e 
* U niform s furnished e Life Insurance 
• H o sp ita lisa tio n e Christm as bon us b e tw e en 8 a m -3 p m call C a rlo s G lo ria 
2 2 4 - 4 6 5 1 i employ*. 

612 MEDICAL 

CLINICAL 
MA NAOUM NT SPIOAUST 
To svokmtt sr guess end provide 
Imlimed assistance rn the orea of medical management 
Qual rf ic attern At least J years ««- pehence. preferraWy rn a health 
• elated field Willing Ie have! tx tenuvfly Appheattorn ara due by 
January 23rd. 1977 Salary from 
JU,JOO ta SU,OOO yearly for additional information, contact 
Manuel M n . 
TAsa Bhtxk flA^bxaaetsakes 
VHQ Haw 
^w^HFewftwee 
Of Keel th Centers 

B M »tt leap 4IO, Jane 292 
828-3367 
Ax tqxxf nyym xeey IxypH,.. 

LVN 
I PM to 9 PM 

Apply 
CARRIAGE SQUARE 
NURSING HOME 

8o2o Blanco Rd. 

("'Urinal refer erne' laboratory ho immediate opening rn evening shift for 
L A B O R A T O R V 
T E C H 
H O L D O U T w ith au to m a te d chem istry (S M A 12 *o or 8 M A C I b a c k g ro u n d M in im u m 4 y rs of clinical tab exp required S a la ry com m ensurate with training and exo Contact M s Hickey *9o 122o touoi oouortunity employer 

 ten ' Anie nte H ealth S e rv ic e s 
Placements, le t , 84 N S Ltep 418. 
Aerie m f , *49-4311 

SA N A N T O N IO I.S.D. bos openings fo r: 
HEATING TECHNICIAN 
7 yxxn xifsAsxa rn San. f i n *x rxx4 Mw xrXMt wk rfcxy WxxJrj. txMry $7118 WUST*! 
LEA D ER IV 
AIR CONDITIONING 
6 yxxn xxpwtyexx skscft inly Dr * 
•xliT2i 
CRAFTSMAN HILFER IV 
(PtomtoMl nviinxxy I 
I yxxr xxgxnxxM • exdx, n nSxm m i aid Mwpwxn kxtxn U 1 tx $8168 
IW W KI xMXfWd xl P 
o*^ 1118 SM* a. Sn 

M 

614 - SKILLS TRAMS 

 near Son A n to n io C o lle g e 
FULL TIME NIGHTS 
JANITOR/GENERAL MAINTENANCE 
M ost be mature and responsible person Job requires hard work duties- toking core of landscape, clean, lot walls, windows, din mg area, kitchen, etc Requires mechanically inclined person for general maintenance 

W e offer a good secure job with life and health insurance, paid vacation ana other benefits 
W ork 2 A M 
IO A M 
Mon.-Fri and some weekends 
Apply 2-6pm at 721 San Padre this Sunday thru Sat. 

U t - iM H IIU M I tflW ICB 
6 1 1 -B M -M IIM SEW ICK 

W A R E H O U S E a n d C O U N T E R 
M A N Must have flood p en m an ship a n d e xperien ce In all p h a s e s of w a re h o u se w o rk 
P e rm a n e n t lob 
Fringe benefits 
Call 141 71*1 for opp! 
W arehouse Janitor Truck Drive" 
City OU delivery Must know City. 
S .- day week. pernm anent, hard worker, stort SOSS per month Local references All Applications to A J. 
Floe Ii OO Co *>747 Dietrich Rd tor interview 
4 5pm 
No phone calls pieose 
_________ 
We have o p e n in gs lot expel ienced workers rn bindery and pressroom 
G o rd o n P rin tin g C o m p a n y 
717 
North Alamo, 226 7625 
W Il 8 6 n 'IN T E R N A T iO N A l' - 
84 N E LO O P 41o Suite HOE 

616 FQOO DRINK SERVICES 

MECHANICS 

E x p erien ced m e c h a n ­ ics n ae dad. Plenty of w o rk , g o o d w o rk in g c o n d itio n s . E x cellen t fringe b en efits. 

APPLY TO 
EMIL M EN A R D 
Service Mar. 

N O R T H S T A R 

7342 Son Pedro 

DISHWASHERS 
■ GRAVEYARD SHIFT 
■ APPLY IN PERSON. 

 fe fe © 
C-' 
L—^ Revisor #ntv int a fam ily restaurant dedicated to q uality 
2o7 NE Loop 41o 
Sun Antonio, loxx* 78216 
Equal Opportunity Employer M i 

614 SKILLS TRADES 

DIESEL TRUCK 
DRIVERS 

6 Com m ercial license required 

A Experienced only 

A M ust be 25 yrs. or older 

614 SKILLS TRADES 

C U ST O M H O M E 

SU PERINTENDENT 
Minimum 3 years experience in planning, estimating, ond construction of custom homes. 
828-o636 

NOW ACCEPTING 
APPLICATIONS 
FOR 

• BUSBOY/BUSGIRl 

HOST AND HOSTESS 

Must be 18 

 or older 

Apply In Person 

2:3o to 

4:3o Daily 

TOWER OF 
THE AMERICAS 
RESTAURANT 

EXPERIENCED 
WAITERS 
Fluming and gourmet. evening service. 
Trans p otation needed. 

 t a l l M r*. N e lm o n 

4 9 2 - 1 o 6 3 

CANYON CREEK 
COUNTRY CLUB 

FOOD SERVICE 
MANAGERS 
Supervisors must be strong leader, able lo com municate arni m anage people. 
Prefer retired military E7 or abave 
A n ­ nual salary $ 1 1 ,o o o f 
Send resume to: 
WORLD WIDE SERVICES 
P.O. Box 1285 
Wichita Falls, Tx 763o5 

628 - RELF WANTED 
62o 
HELP WANTED 
MISCELLANEOUS 

BOYS AND GIRLS— 1 1 - 1 6 ^ 
YEARS OF AGE 
I 
TURTLE CREEK CLUB AREA 
Mi 
* I 

★ 

 dr 

* 

★ 

DATA POINT 
WOODSTONE 
GARDENDALE 

Parttim e earnings afternoons M o n d a y Friday— any 
4 5 minute period between 3 :3 o p.rn 5 p m. ond 
Saturday & Sunday m ornings . . . any 4 5 minute period between 5>3o a rn. 7 :o o a rn. $ 4 o -5 o m on­ thly. Plus, win prizes, cash, trips, m ovie passes, and tickets to local events 

 lf you are close to one of the above locations call 

M A R K TACKETT 

2 2 5 -7 4 1 1 , Ext. 124 

B e fo re 5iO O p.m . 

A ft e r 5 :o o p.m . C a ll 

6 9 o - 8 9 4 5 

An Equal Opportunity 
Employer 

ELECTRICIAN 

8 I to 2 Years 
Industrial Experience. 
* Top Pay 
* Growth Opportunity 
* Company Benefits 

RJR FOODS, 
INC. 
Subsidiary et BJ. Reynolds lend* I ■ Buda rn Im# 
8-WqFqrBxWfwBy txf%-. 

2 6 o o S . W . 
Military iffiiol Opportunity imp lo yer 

LONE STAR 
VW 
NEEDS A MECHANIC 

PEuDt EtovO UpOftOIKO 
SEE: BOB DABNEY 
33o3 

" " " " T S n i A T I o ! ^ ^ 
OPERATOR 
Counter H«lp 

N o r t h s id e A r e a 

H fseM isetion, 
Insurance, fay week 
IXPfPMHCt P P M IX 
MO 

PILGRIM 
Laundry A C leaners 
8311 McCullough 

BRAKE MECHANIC 
Must hove ut least t yr* experience 
Con 732 81o1 
Cameram an for Hunting tnduVir tie* 
T ray developing ond baste stripping experience o must, full tune posi lion, must be dependable all fringes and flood salary Eowoi Opportunity 
Employer 144 127o 
■ 
I 

* JysesMi xx* it M ea i73M 

 excellent opportunity tor career minded individuals interested in becoming qualified S C A LO T A C H 
NIC I A N S lie r trie ol, mechanical or pneum atic backgro u n d Helpful 
Relocation to Freeport required 
CPN collect <711) 2113481 ar Nous ten line (711) m-114) 
E X P "~s 6 6 V g lt J apply in person 
- 
F a in t 2 
A sso ciate d Body 
> '» -d < i- Ii' 61»> ,-ill __ 
Pxperienceacorpet sheet vinyl ond 
♦••e m echanic helpers M ust hove own toots Good pay Coll Central 
FlaorCoyerhsg^63Jr443lB|W^a|Ba 
Experienced F ib e rg la ss Duel In sto n e rs needed 
Top co m p a n y mony benefits Atomo Heating & Air 
Cond 494 J33S 
■ ■ 
— ■ r"xp (WM (im p o se r operator lo'r prin tin g pion! benefits, wuges commeneurote ability 227 9183 M r M X I ^ H 

D a y shift, In n mentor 
Fowler 

 flue with 

I BANBfc Et ond I Monte u n it neeoeo at North Star M an Barber Sh© 
Apply of 
264 North Stor 
142 34/t, 
________ 

Shop 
M ail 

Bur be if sun 821 
•BEAUTICIAN* 
Coit 6JJ « ISI OI 8264)814 

Fiberglass 
DUCT 
HELPERS experienced Only Steady work 
Cali 777 6187___________ 
^oXJTniopTrPSPT/onornTT'neWs full or part time designei Apply ai 
4217 lia rs Ave 
H L i4 6 6 E tK g 
1131 Bredtieray 

H A IR S T Y L IS T 
Guarantee paid vocation e*« work mu condition* 6318858 
63$ / til 

 attent 
C v| 

HAIRSTYLIST with tottowma. mu** tm ubw to bio: dry, *h u m p o o i*t fu rn n h e d 55 comrni**ion and vocoftoti M ar*hotl 
Muir Fo*hton* 142 o496_______ 
Holr*tyl!*f with Inllowlho work your own hour*, exceltent com m ittion 
A*k tar Nancy 148 4811 
H i l v v 16JiT a r»;r 
M B C H A N IC preterrooiy with experience on en ame* ond ti an*m i»*ion*, product* ore Coke G 'uduli tlgin ond Bro* 
-un Obuu 921 4134 ■ 
,national Hon Dxv.un bp* en eeentna tar a noir ttvlttt 
F lee Sd cfh DtWete Jena* at I I I J 341 tm an interview 
__ 
Large biesel Anoine Dlyt/lbutCH in 
Sun Antonio nepa* skilled M ee n o n ic, lop pay and Innge benefit*. For interview col 
IJ J O IH d a y s pf 
47} 1318 otter 3 ond weekend* Ask for Dee Dietrich fcuuui Opportumt, fcmotover 

Sfxxi xffxrtmHy I* xfvxxo •> x i.xtlMMX I xx xx* Ixxrx IX xfxn tx ikx n x e i I xx4 I Mix, rxl if txrxn x m m x i SxxX xx, •■■xk.xl 

HEAVY 
CONSTRUCTION 
FOREMAN 

 i Speak Spanish fipenxinxd Hi 

[ conuste and undxiyiound Poi rn 

 dtornag* 

828-9166 days 

828*7375 Brewings 

• MECHANICS* ll WANTED ii 
G E N E R A L L IN E M E C H A N IC 
W ith A u to m a tic T r a n s m is s io n E x p e r ie n c e p r e f e r r e d W illin e to P o y 
S U A B L E 
G U A M A N T E E to q u alified m e c h a n ic 
C o n ta c t C h a rlie D ick ey 
BM Country Ford Sales 
B o e rn e D ire c t S A L in e 727 o86o d B m W I 7 WIIK ow n loon ------------ 
A T T E N D A N T , e x p e r i e n c e p r e f e r r e d F u ll tim e p e titio n * Ap 
P ly S t e r r e t t F h illio t 6*. 2187 N I lo o p tip ___________________ 

B A R M A ID W A N T E D A P P L Y 1*41 
W H IL D E B M A N D 
A B I TW W 
R m i n i le n t e’T 
N o rth sid e C all 826 6961 no o n 7» m fliarfen d re* * W o n te d , e x p e rie n c e d 

•BUS HELP* t x P F WlFNC L D UNL v 
^ R i'o l i o Ko o m . M en u n r H otel 
I 
C A S H IE R H our-, jf>m H u m 
BU SBO Y S OM G IR L S 5p m I lp m 
C L E A N IN G LA D Y ro m 1/n o o n 
I 
C O C K TA IL 
W A IT H E * * 
E von m g 
Shift 
M a tu re L o d y f »> t i ii m o m b et I 
|tm g a nd S u p er v isio n 
A pply rn P e rs o n 
Oily O ften* N ow SW ISS C H A L E T 
IOU N E L O O P 41o 
■ o r tin tl W a itre s s e s a p p ly in p e rs o n b e tw e e n 6 8p m J a n 16th u t 1o 177 o u cn iio h t H a lle lu ia h H o tly w o o d M 
D O O R M A N w a n te d o f t h e N U T 
C R A C K E R C L U B 71*1 S an P e d ro , ap p ly I lp m M on t ti 
U ix p 
C o u t f o r n u r s i n g h o m e 
B ro o d w o y L u d u r $77 oJ 9 1 . 8/4 5176 f V r . F E TE W P S B o f t e n . l r . 5S oS n 
Cot k toll W a itre s s n e e d e d tm lia r In 
U n iv e rsa l 
C ity 
C all 
658-o8o8 to r I rJI ll * * 
EX P E R I l i t e E D F U L L Y lM E 

MOBIL HOME SVC 
C o m m lie e x p in d e l v - t e f u p re p a ir n ee C on I* M oi tin , 824-o516 
Mud L o a u m ’roTneeToT"south Tex oil field p re fe r I y r* co lleg e s c ie n c e a n d sin g le 
M o n a rc h L o g g in g 
344-8991 
H e ed K andy m a n h i w o rt on m o to r h o m e s a n d t r a v e l t r a i l e r * fth o m b e rg RV C en te r 635 o751 
O p e n in g fo r o n e ' o d o d c h a m 

 t tim e s e r v ic e stoH on a n c o d o n t r i p e r ten c u d A pply in p f r*rm N or lh 
Ti wn* P la z a T e x a c o *9>o Son P e d ro a t O b late k 'U m iM 6 g t f i jy X T b T ^ m m e d i u m c o m m e r c i a l 
T e x a s 
P tu m b in e C o in c U t TIU 
PbrTOAAN want;.: 'Im se t 4 d a y w ork w eek A pply in p et so n M o n d ay t h u r s d a y 
7o8 F ru d e r ic k s b u ru R d 

 m i c i f W A f g B ’ n T F B r v g o " 
N e e d s m a tu r e m o n (IO or o v e r ) u s f o r e m a n M u s t h a v e a r a d e ( c e i l 
M lco t* or b e 11*1 Hill C o u rttr v W a led 
W o r k s C o m p o n y 
4 9 4 6 2 6 
M •( 
G a rre tt pf Mr 
B pi Hell 
R e s id e n tia l a n d C o m m e r cfg i P c nd trig e ra tio n s e r v ic e te c h n ic to r e s u m e to 
C o m p to n * of K e n vine 
P O B ox 1 8 2, K e rrv ille TX 78o28 
M a c h in e M ee n o n be wmc leo * ! t y e a r e x p e r ie n c e 
Co 

 r w ith o l 
A p p ly in 
19o/ $ St p e rs o n M a d c a p M io 
M al v t 

L H g v i r a n B A T d * I*"' ; lo t , u s E r i e 8 8B s h o v e l 
R N 
A d a m s 
C o n t r a c t i o n C e 
J u n c t i o n , 
T x 
9 I 3-4 68*I4<F. B O E __________ 
TRUCK DRIVERS 
NEEDED 
M ust h a v e 4 y o u rs e x p e l le n e e m o m g h o u s e h o ld g o o d s w ith o g t-n ' ut m o t o r c a r r i e r 
L e a s e t r a i t o r s a v a ila b le E x c e iie n i o p p o rtu n ity to> r i g h t p e r s o n 
S H E R W O O D V A N l i n e s m n i * 

T Y P E W R I T S R B B H V IC E 
T E C H N I C I A N 

M u st n a v e e x p e l lone e $ 192 75 p e r w ee* to s k irt All c o m p a n , b e n e fits A pply u t n e a r e s t fe * a s 
E m p lo y rn c n t 
C o m m issio n 
O Hice 

WAHTf g-------------- 

H E A V Y D I E S E L A N D 
G A S O L IN E M EC H A N IC 
TEX A S L E A S E SC B V IC E S 
C A R R IC O S P R IN G S t E X A S 
_ _ _ _ _ 
I 8 7 4 2 * 8 8 

• Ranted WbHUbo • 
|Be8y SIMS foreman r le n c e d T p k # c o m p le te < 
I s e # tro t e t b o d y a n d p a in t sn a p 
S A L A R Y ♦ C O M M IS S IO N 
Ce n t a c t : C h a rlie D ick e y , a r T 
S ta rr ta Ciwtry lir i Skiis 
B O I M N E Direct S A hne 227-88 

W ont to b e o R ro fe s s io n u i^ jK m tKu 
V olvo Tear*) n ew sh o p o a u ip m e n t, u h ito rm s , I n s u r u n c e . sc h o o l* , o n d to p p ay 
I y e a r s e x p o r t e r # o n l m | p a r ts R hom r 742 2144 

JACK-IN-THE-BOX 

F a m ily R E s f a u r a n t s 
Abound with opportunity tor iharp individual, exiting lull or time peiittem 
Flexible 
OO starting pay, 
Ii* 
C orf ours, good performome raises 
(ompony paid benefits include, hospitalize lien ond vacation Great growth potenhol 
Apply In Forsan; B-1o a.m. 
3oo6 Broadw ay 
Na Phone Cxrits, Please 

655 *5 5 3 
BILLY R S NO 88 
B K F W A IT R E S S a p p ly P ts N. M ain A ve 

Waiter or Nitres! 
M O R N IN G 5 M tf t 
M R S T U D H O P E , 44 1 4oH 
- E X # tf'IT C'H l h H i C V 
14o7 W 
Pupler 
JRtSl rn Hmm Food WiRsr ut le a st I y rs e x p e rie n c e re q u ir e d 
IPotio R oom , M e n d e r H otel 
FU LL T IM E 
P A R T TIM E 
I 
H E L F W A N T E D 
A pply in p e rs o n IIT $ WW W hite R d 
B ILL M IL L E R B A R BO 
G O GO D a n c e r s n ee d r <1 N o rth w e st 
B lub 8/4 161o or 878 444o 
H u n g ry F o rm e r 5 te a k h o u se 
W a itre s s e s a n d S a la d G irls a p p ly 4318 S an P e d ro 
ITA LIA N G A R D E N S 
W a itre s s 4 IOpm, 5 d a y s 
/ H I S outh W W W hite Rn iii th e 6 ox 
Jo ck in th e fso* h o m ily b e s t u u r a n i s n e e d s n ig h t p e o p le 
F u ll o r 
P o r t tim e p o s itio n s 
M a t u r e a n d s ta b le i n d iv id u a ls G ro w w ith a n 
In d u s try I ro d e , w in ch of l e i s p a id v at utioii* a n d h o s p ita liz a tio n lf Vflu a le r t, r e s p o n s ib le u n d a n ig h t 
OWL a p p ly in p e r s o n , 8 AM 6 P M 
124oo N o r o g d o r h t s E q u a l O p p o r 
I^u^G_J_njutu/e>_ 

MANAGER TRAINEES 

S A L A R Y S 6 2 S 

MANAGERS 
Salary $625+Comm 

N eed u u a tih e d p eo p le a g e i i o r o v er tor m a n a g e m e n t p o sitio n s 
CALL FOH IN T E R V IE W 
W ED T H U R S I IR M 
H o rn b y D a iry Q u e e n s 

3 4 1 - 3 1 1 6 

P o rt tim e B a rm a id 
732-82S8 
R esponsible tgr 

/P M /P M , 5 I U S P r e s a 
'.LU1 « 
■ 
Prs per son. 

B2o KEIF WMKTFD 
MISCLUAMUMt! 
M m m w TTfflnrcdff 

SECURITY OFFICERS 

Piuswntly Intwrviewlny for Ttrmporoiy Jobs N « o d 5 o Security 

O fficers (Mole & Female) 
FRINGE PRO G RAM 

Pay $ 2 4 3 per w e e k 
Uniforms furnished 
Excellent training program 

REQUIREMENTS 

M ust 1st- in excellent physical condition and able lo woik long hours M ust be 21 or over 
High school education or equivalent. M ust have im maculate background 
M ust hove security experience. 
CAN YOU QUALIFY? 
Interviewing Afon.-Frf. 8-6 (no phone calls) 

S M IT H 
STANLEY SMITH 
SECURITY, INC. 
I W . O lm o s 

 on equal opp oilu nily em ployer 

NATALIA ☆ LYTLE ☆ DEVINE AREA RESIDENTS 

Express N e w s deale r wanted in N atalia if you need extra c ash, p le a se coll Dovld I ann collect at 2 2 5 74 I I ext 
I I 4 or 1 1 5 
(9 :o o to 4 :oo) of 6 7 4 1 9 3 5 after 5>oo 

You will be a dealer representing the Express N ew t, servicing 
Hom e Delivery and N ew s Slum ! custom ers In the m orning and afternoon. 

• EXCELLENT INCOME SUPPLIMENT FOR 
SOMEONE LIVING IN THIS AREA. 
• NO EXPERIENCE NECESSARY. 
• GOOD TRANSPORTATION REQUIRED. 
• NET 55o.oo MONTHLY. 
This is o good opportunity for a w orking family, rehrud persons, housewives, or high school students 
An (qual Opportunity Employer 

$ EXTRA CASH $ 
Deliver Evening New s Routes 

1-2 hrs. each evening— 
Sat. and Sun. m orn­ ings. Som e small routes for boys or girls. Som e motor routes for adult*. 
Carriers needed in following areas; 

 e Broadway 
• N. St. M a ry 's 

 e Ashby 
• W oodlaw n 
• Summit 

2 2 5 - 7 4 1 I , Ext. 1 2 1 

A n s q u a l o p p o r t u n it y e m p lo y e r 

FEMALE 
EXERCISE INSTRUCTORS 

Prefer women over 25 to train as 

 physical fitness instructors. 

W ork for the South's largest health spa 

Contact Larry B e e m e r 
TRIM it SW IM HEALTH SPA 
1335 NE Loop 4 1 o 

Convenience Store Management 

Choice of career plans and locations 
Shift a rra n g e m e n t or contract for sa la ry an d com m ission 

 a p a id v a c a t i o n 

 a FREE IN S U R A N C E 
* B O N U S P LA N 
Bookkeeping, Office & Clerical help o h o needed 
Lone Star Ice & Food Stores 
3 o o W. Jones Ave. 
Intm rvit w i 1-4 p.m. w e e k d a y * 

 tu tti O f w o m a n rieeckefj u n le t H u la Neat a p p e a r a n t . , fun!, a n d lit to w n r u l e i c n i t y 
L it. in s u r a n c e a n d h o s p ita liz a tio n auld in full vt.-ar end burly* A pply n p arson C on n y (stand Sa n d w ich 
Shop 275 N bl 
M a r y S H e D o n 
Hudspkth only_______________________ 
W a itre ss 
A u rm u n i nutxJc-d in u its 
Town P o in t 3113 S eg u in lid 
K irb y 
P h o n e 661 9o42 

WAITRESSES tor plush n«w club b eaning gro u n d 
F a b 
I on bon A n to n io * .© stsid e 
M u si ba attractive ond o ver 18 t x agr rente not n e c e ssa ry U n ifo rm s f u r n is h e d , s a l a r y 4 tips A p p ly noun Spm al A rc h ie * M u sic P iu s. 
4o6o t 
C o n im e n e ar coll 224 7o/o 
Wa if i e sse s 

• • • • f i l i i 
- $275 WEEK • 
Possible 
£ 

Turn OH Housework e 

Turn ba MONEY e 

A New Slant On e 

 living loving I e 

Working e 

J 
Call 735-6152 
J 

o 
Susan 9 o.m -9 p.m. g | e e e e e e e e l 

“ 
I 
C A N Y ou 
B 
Turn O n 
A Tape Recorder 

| $3oo Weak possible 

Take my order for 

Exciting Safety Product* 

WAITRESS 
» l N larram e ra 

 lf you toke Sen Aniente, you N lev. 
Austin! Send re tu rn * and refer xnce I to F A B AG O N F B O F K R T Ii t. 
IM# Cliv Natl Bank Bldg. Austin. tx 78781. Ne .nan* coil* pie©** 
Apo^t'olion* nee b .in g fated fur sch o o l b g * d r i v e r * 
G o o d supulemenl tor r ^ n sd pgr sun* Coit 
Mf Simpson 924 93o1 

I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
Call 7 3 3 -6 )3 1 
I 

| 
J a c k K x ll y 
| 

MtKTMT UFI B u m f 
Couple over 4o lo be assistant” wha* training tor apts m anager* Salary plus apartment. 
Apply Pl eHice 
M U MW LO O F 418. o « *r lf 88AM t n w i 
Beeline 
226-23o3 

H E R C U L E S : 
STRENGTH 
YOU CAN 
COUNT ON 

 a© * part of th# N asa ny© teem that ku np* lh© ruKKucJ C 13o 
Hart aid s in th© mr, 
It '* a chdlt«ngiri|| job th a i will de m end th© bast you ce n qlvu 
In return you will 
©em en trg in tu rn , for th© kind of life you want 
A n d d*v©lor» sk ill* the! co u ld sarva you wall in th© civilian w orld Tho benefits ar© m any. You Carl count on that Join the team that keep s them Hym n. The 
Air Fore© W eservu 

O P I N I N G * N O W ) 
Ak Cerao Vpecialitts 
Medttai Tedmkion* 
Gvil Engineers 
Plumber* 
Heavy Equipment Operator* 
Carpenter* 

IAU (til) 924 S I U 
TO: 4U IAW/B5 
(•By AM, lese* 7*241 

HAMB: 

A D D R ESS_______ 

CITY:_____________ 

BTATC:. 
PHONE 

Prior Bervtca— 
(Yoe) 
(N o) 
Pete of B i* * 
AIR FORCE RESERVE 
Your Local Air force 

E N. 124 C 

________ ZIP:. 

San Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS-~Saturday January 15 1977 

82o - HELP WANTED 
MISCELLANEOUS 

C o n e e is io n G ir l* , C a s h ie r s , a n d 
U s h e r s 
W o n te d . 
T h e 
O lm o s 
Theatre A p p ly In p e rson A sk for 
Jock Levitt, M a n a ge r 
D ^ L I s/ E R Y P E R S O N , 5 d a y s a week M u st know city A p p ly 15o2 
W H ild e brand 

62o HELP WANTED 
MISCELLANEOUS 

FASHION TWQ TWENTY 
C osm e tics port tim e a vailable M a lure w om an only. Coll 344 1891, 
F i n n i c V a a s s 6 c ;a t e s 
P e rso nn el C on sultan ts 
5835 C allagh an , N o 325. 684-848o 
F L I G H T I N S T R U C T O R W a n t e d 
W estside A ir P o rk , 433-7751 

(ti 
HELP WANTED 
M ISC E lU K jyS 

FULL OB PART TIME 

S7S-S1Jo P E R W A E K 

CALL 341-22o5 

62o 
HELP HANTEN 
MISCELLANEOUS 

H O U S E W IV E S 
W o rk in y o u r own neighborhood, full o r p ort lime. 
U H J M . 
I M M E D IA T E E m p lo y m e n t tor *x - pertenced Apt. M a n a g e r JJ7-J277 
J O o o 'j o A s loo C M d i c f s — 
■ 
Q uality now, e arn and le arn 
G O A R M Y 2 2 2 -M U o r 6S3-68F2 
MERCHANDISEMART 
225-1666 
THERE FIRST! 

o" QUALITY ITEMS 
G? DISCOUNT PRICES 
ET LOW CLASSIFIED RATES 

921 ■ MEBCHWIWI8E M H T 

A d m ir a l H I F id e lity con so le 
195o m odel, com p le tely c h ro m e plated, a m p lifie r c h a ssis, a nd ? w ay d ua l sp e ak cr system <555 €313 otter 5 3o 
A ll M u st G o 1 N ic e B e d ro o m Set 
SI25. Trundle Bed a n d D re sse r $19 
D e sk and Chest S29 en Coffee and 
E n d T a bles S25 Too M u c h to M e n don 17o5 W est A ve 732 6595 
A M P , U nlvo x U B25o head, K ustom 
I5ln speaker, SH O 826 2295 
A s s o r t e d A lo s k a n J e w e lr y 
F o r n a g s . b ra c e le t s n e c k la c e s p en 
P a n t s r in q s etc 
A ll of u n iq u e b eauty m ade bv A la sk a n n ativ e s 
S e llin g at C O S T 
R e t a ile r s W e i c o m e 
M m u m u m P u r c h a s e * of 
$75 OO required. Coll 657 26o7______ 
A utom atic W a sh e r $65 D ry e r JOO 
Built in D ish w a sh e r J/5, 221 5o75 
B A B Y C r ib b a s s in e t p la y p e n w alkei cot seat c a rrie r strollei 
2 bar sto ols p o la ro id X 7o m o d e l I c o m e ra 115 W ake Forest. 132 55o1 
B a r with 2 b arsto o ls J45 C om plete b athroom com m od e $.15 4 sectional co u c h, e xce l cond , $125 921 o496 
B E A U T IF U L M E X I C A N C a rv e d 8 d in in g table 6 leather u ph o lste red h igh b o tk c h o irs 142 6694 
B eautiful w rought iron fence gates $3ooo 
O I* 
822 9o82 
B e d roo m suite 5 pc $15o E n d table coffee table $25 ea 653 8719 
B e d ’$ T w in s 
F u ll a n d X in q s u e 
W a ln u t B e d ro o m Se!, C ook Sto ve 
D in e tte B e a u t if u l S p a n is h So fa , 
C h a i r s 
T a b le s 
D in in g Set 
G a s 
H e a te rs (Som e D e a r B o rn ) L o v e seat. L o n g Chest JJ7 7135__________ 
B E D , Tw in, kitch e n c h a ir s w ood with black vin yl 492 23o8___ 
B E D Twin, Se o rso p e d if co nice $45 736 1259 
B E D twin sire with h eadb oard m ost new 648 o874 
A l 

B o n d C opier, S a v in 75o. I m o old, m a k e s 2 sid e d c o p ie s 
M u s t sell a ssu m e p ym ts tor inspection and d em onstration coll 696 99?o 
B u n k B e d V e r y H e a v y 
W astrel 
D r y e r 
D e sk 
B e d ro o m Set. N ic e 
Soto Com plete H o u se F un 656 8111 
C A N E C H A IR S , ra re A u stria n 
716 5o27 with lenses, pl 
«c e lle n ! c o n d itio n 
C a n o n FT O O I a c c e s s o r ie s e 
C all 149 1655 
C A P E H A R T C o n so le Ste re o w ith 
A M F M ra d io , r e c o r d c a s e a n d 
Stereo, $17o or best otter 826 871 1 
C a r p e t in g 11x17 
R e d S h o o W ith 
P o d $75 6o sa y d s O r a n g e S h a g 
W ith P o d $1oo 
Bolti In E x c e lle n t 
C ondition 68 1 2oo9_____________ 
C A R P E T w hile they last, SO i pets at $15 eg 633 26oo 
C A R P O R T S A I E 
S a t S u n 
9 6 
S n a r e d r u m so m e old tu rn itu r b o o ks etc 
147 
M a a n o lla 
D 
736 1622 
C B C O B R A N o 
132 best otter 491 1797 
S S S $175 o r 

23 C h a n n e l L a fa y e tte C o m P h o n e 
23 6SJ 4o8} 
C L O S E O U T S A L E ' 
O ffic e f u r n it u r e o n d e q p t .sh o p e q u ip m e n t o nd tools, w ork tab le s ond m etol sh e lve s 824 2381, Ro o m 
24o 
_______________________ 
C L O S I N G B O U T ( O u t le a n s 
Sh irts specialty item s ex< b ay on total 661 4882 15o2 A ck e rm a n 
C lo thing, lr size s 5 a nd 7 i car seat 65584oo 
T tiddler 

CoH ee toblr $m studio couch $15 w ooden desk $75 desk c h o ir $5o twin bed fra m e s $1o c am e l b oc k trunk $25 sta in le ss steel fla tw a re 
$8. qolf clubs with leatbei ting $6o electric g r o s s sh e a rs $1o, 192 9526 
C o lle c to r w an ts G e rm a n M ilitn r items W W I and W W ll 655 18ti 
Color, B W T V s W a sh er O ryer, be d room suite endtables. Hide ct Bed ste re o B a b y G r a n d P ia n o sm a ll antique desk m isc 656 1311 
C o lo r T y 
$15o 
B u n k b e d s 
$76 
D i e s s e i w ith m ir r o r $65 
Iw h e a d b o ard s 
$76 
Y outh bed 
149 o8TO 
C O L O R T V e x c e lle n t c o n d it io n 
$115 922 4226 
C O L O R T v 
7) 
M o to ro la 
$ 
” 
•urge blue so lo $126 larq e c h a n 
$75 9J2 3426 
_____________ 
C olor TV 19 $14o Stereo M ultiplex 
$8!) I sp e a k e rs $75 923 7oo7________ 
C o m p lo t* IO ga l a q u a r iu m set up 
$55 Diatom F dipt $2o 149 7 797 alfet i and w eekends______________ 
C O U C H A N D C o rn e t T able go o d cond 
$15o A b e l 6 1oPM 876 5544 
Couch. 8 ft long with m atchin g 6 It o v e se a t 
, e nd ta b le s 
I cen te t 
•able ( s m o k e d g l a s s ' 
K e n m o r e w a sh *! o nd d rye r la rge capoc its 7 jnfinished d re s se rs C all 6VV o329 

PALLETS 
44X33 FOUR WAY 
WOOD PALLETS 
FAIR TO GOOD COND. 
5o4 EACH. 
MINIMUM 25 PALLETS 
CALL 223-6877 

 or so* a1 

422 LEAL STREET 
I t 

V A U i M - O O / / e 

 or S M at 
I 

422 LEAL STREET I 
C u s to m w ater bed, w ith h e a te r never used $125 824 3135 

D ictaphone 61o A n sw e rin g M ac bine 
6 m o old $125 688 37oo 
O " K e y b o a r d o rg a n $15o 
B a s s G uitar 
$1oo or best 
681 o668 

E lee otter, 

• 
FREIGHT 
SALVAGE 
B ent S te el Pip e 
F ib e rg la s s Tube A 
» 

Show er* 
• 
W a te r H e a te rs m 
S te e l Tube 
™ 
A 
C oct Iron Tube 
A 
_ t Sinks la v a to r ie e 
9 
M a n y O th e r item s 

£ 
2 2 -1 -o 6 7 2 f 
• • • • • • • • • 

H e a te rs, g a s e xce lle n t con d itio n v a rio us sizes. 492 2414. 
Hide A Bed Couch, excellent condi lion, $65 Call 413 4187 

D u a l turn table, 1719, $6o G a r r a r d 
96B needs w ork, $2o 874 3135 
E a r ly A m e ric a n C o u c h good can dltlon, $6o 333 18o1 
E n t e r t a in m e n t c o n so le 
75 
T V . 
R a d io and stereo, 
$776, cash 
824 3455 
F e d d e r s 8,ooo B T U w in d o w unit, less than I ye ar old. 11o volt, 4 ye ar w a rra n ty 226 7762. 
Fe n de r Twin Reverb, A n d A A R IA 
Copy of L o s P al Both New, 684 295o 
F ire p la c e Set I B r a s s H o rse h e a d ) 
Stale Collector P late s 624 7117 
F L U O R E S C E N T 
F I X T U R E S 
878 1786 
F O O S B A L L Table, D y n a m o e sc cond Cost $435 Best ofter 826 7521 
F o r Sale 
R e g Site M a ttre s s Set, 
$6o Call 656 3832 ofter 5 
F O R Y O U T E N N IS L O V F R S 
WM son A d v a n ta g e With Im p e ria l G ut 
Strin g $75 Racket tor only $5o U se d 
I or 4 tim es b ran d new call B ob b y at 
736 1661 or 822 9718 

FREIGHT SALVAGE 
Bent Steel P ipe 

F ib e rg la ss Tubs & Sh o w e rs 
Water H eaters 
Steel Tubs 
Cast Iron Tubs 
S»nFs I (w ar a tories 
AA any Othei Item s 
224-o672 
F re n c h P r o v in c ia l t o u c h ( h a ir , 
Tell ( My M o p lr D in in g Set 
H utch 
B e d r o o m 
S u it e . 
S e c r e t a r y , 
M a h o g a n y D e s k 
L o z v B o y R e 
( lin e r 
B u ffe t, M a h o g a n y ( b i n o 
C a b in e t 
B u n k B e d s. C offe e E n d 
Tables 
Twin 
Beds, 
Dinette 
648 769? 
F u r n a c e , IS H o r se p o w e i J O H N 
SON, 1913 Stevenson 22, 653 642o 
Fu rn itu re A p p lia n ce s.Jew elry 
A ll A p p lic a t io n s a p p r o v e d w ith re q u ire d d ow n p a y m e n t C o ll Im p e n a l F u rn 771 7717 616 B ro d y 
F u rn itu re tor sa le 
S im m o n s e ns tom m a d e hide a bed sofa o p e n s into , twin beds, or assign at chair lom p fixtu res or assign at tables and other household item s ( ii 2856 
5oo a a a P ro p a n e G a s Tank aood shape, $1oo 826 1568. 674 7o81 
25o gal 
149 694 7 p rop ane tank 
$2o(1 
Call 

G a r a g e S a le 
2 F a n n iv 
I iv m g 
R oam 
Set. 
Sat Su n 
IO 5 
4518 
E isenhauer 
G A R A G E S A L E 
Sat Jon 16 8 6. 46o 
Sp rin g wood 822 U 89 
G A R A G E S A L t 
M isc 
Sun, 12226 Son M ig u e l 
Ite m s Sat 
? 651 o617 

C ro tg SOOD a m F M stereo receiver 
TO watts R M S per chann e l tw o w ay 
8 s p e a k e r s w o o d g r a m c a b in e t 
S u p e r s c o p e c a s s e t t e d e c k w ith 
D a lb y 
M u st sell Still u nd e r wut cooty 226-776? 
C U S T O M O R A P F S m ate b in g eof m c© * iv o ry antiq u e satin Aft win d ow s 
C H U R C H IL L 
( S T A T E S 
19? 189J 

DESKS! DESKS! DESKS! 
O o k 
W a ln u t 
M e t o l 
E xe< u ftv e 
Se cre to ry Student la rge seiec lion 
$69 SO a cid up t i l l B a s s e R d 
’11 7167 711 V48'1 714 4o81 

G A R A G E S A L E 
Dinette set with 4 c h a ir s s h o r t w a v e r a d io fo o t lo c k e r s w a ll lo c k e r e x e r c is e r croquet set a nd m a ny other things 
S A T U R D A Y B A M 1471 S W W W hite 
R d 133 7767, 337 5o49_______________ 
G A R A G E S A L E 
Sat and Son O nly 
615 S c o t t y 
F i x t u r e s to r m e n * clothing store 
C o sh register, copy m ochtne m a n ik in s r a c k s sh e lv e s eh 
M ist a rtic le s o n d so m e fu rn i tore 674 ?16o 

J H igh intensity b u sh le ss siqns, 4X 8 ' 
$6o each 824 3136 
H o tp o in t r e fr ig , u se d , I ? cu 
828 2291 
874 1356 
IN S ID E S A L E 
I h o rs Sat Ro cke 
W o o d h e a te r. T r e a d le M a c h in e . baby bed, clothes, m isc 661 814o ■ 
K E N M O R E C O R P E R T O N E G A S 
S T O V E , $35, 142 o6o4 
K E N M O R E w a s h e r a n d d r y e r 
G ood condition $1oo tor both Coll 
696 3214 
K E N M O R E W a s h e r $.3 5, C a s c o 
B a b y c a r r ie r , $4 
B a b y C ir c u la r 
W alker. $6 684 2919 
K IN G S I Z E bed, n eve r used, still packaged extra firm (W orth $48o1 com plete $178 Inclu d es 2o yr gu a r a m e r and d elive ry 
U su a lly hom e 
681 8234, 
L ad ie s B ow ling Ball and B n a Lik e 
New A lso A r g u s M o vie C a m e ro 
341 7829. 
L A D I E S 14K G o ld W e d d in g a n d 
E n ga ge m e n t R in g Se! Size 8' j.$loo 
C a h collect, San M a rc o s, 392 2311 
L a d y K e n m o r e w a s h e r d r y e r , portable O rigin a l w a rra n ty 
E v e s 
W o18o 
L a rg e B ro w n Sofa, *15o S p a n ish 
Sw ag Lam a, $7$ Se w ing M a c h in e in 
Cobmct, $1oo -**4 3778 
M a s siv e M o v in g Sa le S y e a r s oc cum ulation, p lu s 4 other fa m ilie s 
T Intr T r i 
In n l l 14 9 A M ’ 
7839 
Suntorest, C am elot ll 
M A T T R E S S , K IN G S IZ E S E T 
491 7635 
$9o 

M E D IT A T IO N P R Y A M I D S 
714 9o51 
M e ta l k dr hen c a b in e t w ith sin k good condition $176, 435 1524 
M is c e lla n e o u s B rie a B ra e 
P o r celom Iv o r y b ro n ze g lo s s flo u r cines, pointings, etc 69o o677______ 
M O V IN G M U S T SE I L 1 H o u se ho ld furniture 
344 1221 
684 8o45, utter 
6 P M 
M o v in g So le 
1 m ilita ry fa m ilie s, 
159 Am ber V alley F r i Sot 675 oo18 
N ew 18 ft F ro st F re e G E R e friq er 
Qtor $34o 8 2 2 7228 , 6 5 5 566 5 
N ew sp e a k e rs 
I ? ' W oofer 
T weetcrs, 657 2439 att 7pm 

N ew sta in le ss steel flatw are c r y s lot, lam p sh a d e s a nd other K nlck 
K n a c k s C all 8?H 3275 
O ak W a sh Stan d W icker R o ck e r 
Oak D r e s s e r , 344 4539 
O F F IC E C alculators, m ust sell, a s is best ofter o ye r 54o 658 24*o 

OFFICE CHAIRS t creative, S e c re ta ry , O c c a sio n a l 
U p h o ls te r e d , v in y l o n d g e n u in e le a th e r 
A ll b e a u t itu l 
O y e r JOO c h a irs to choose ti nm P ric e d from 
$8 so a n d u p 
I I H B a s s e R d 
731 7367. 714 3o81 
O ffice F u r n it u re d oe s not til new q u a rte rs C onference table 86 x45 
B la c k e x e c u tiv e c h o ir 
2 m o d e rn c h o irs loble lam p, floor la m p All reosonoplc coil 
73? ?I8 S ___________ 

G a ra g e Sale 
Battery L u in 
Sot 
Io n 22, V S 6218 
V alley Fo rge 
G A R A G E S A L F 
3 couches, tables clothes misc Sot Su n 41? 1o42 
G A R A G E S A L E 
M a n y It e m s h om e b e in g re fu rn is h e d F r i Su n 
JOI W eathercock 655 o615 
G A R A G E S A L F 
Flokott rags. peer steins c ry stal p ain tin gs w ig s a n d c a se s travel bar d ish e s and g la s s w ore e le ctra b ro o m typ e w rite r candies, b ra ssw a re 828 4 341 
5 G lo ss 35X93 
SIO ea 7 R o lls p los fir 
IO X 5o 
$5 t a 
4 R o ll s 
N au ga h y d e 
G F d ish w a sh e r 
$15 
874 ll 15 
Gold pine butch C hip pendale china c a b in e ts 4 oak c h a ir s to r e p a ir . 
L o n e bedroom , 5JJ 7411 
G R A N D F A T H E R C L O C K tor sale b y o w n e r 
D u n c a n 
P h y t e m a h o g a n y t e m p ts fu g it w o r k s , 
W estm inister c h im e s 
$48o firm 
P E I 12o9 
______________________ 
G U IT A R . Y a m a h a I? sir in g H a rd case L ik e new $1oo 696 8o24 
H a ir D rye r 
G E F a sh io n M ist 
L<4 5746 aliet 4p m ______________ 
H a m m o n d O tg a n L ik e N ew U se d 
V ery little 
Exce llen t 
Condition 
141 7*79 

O L D I c u s h io n s o lo p lu s s lip cove rs $4o chest of d ra w e rs $24, I tiered pie cru st table 
I oalt triple d rap es old floor lo m p $12 5o sm a ll kith c e n tab le p o r c e la in top $5 linens IJJ 94o1 
O L D 
K it c h e n 
C a b in e t 
P a i n t stripped, stained truitw ood, I c o a l of v a rn ish 
$ u $ 
C astroville, 
I 538 2841 

Old ra d io chair bed trun d le twin bunk b ed s ru p s 735 7683 
O N E p a il IOO M A R A N T Z L E N S 
Im perial / M ode l $185 612 6636 
P A System , undec w a rra n ts 
531 9881 Off 6 ond w eekends 
$75o 

P e t r i I S H m m c o u p le d R a n g * fin d er 
C a m e r a w ith a c c e s s o r ie s a n d t r ip o d s 
R e b u ilt , e x c e lle n t b egin ne rs c o m e ro s I i i 77*1_______ 
P h i ll lp i n o C aon S h e ll L a m p s 
H a n g in g tram celling 6 ft long 
927 6165 

3 p ie c e S a m s o n it e L u g g a g e S IS 
M a tc h in g C oflee a nd Two E n d Ta h ie s SIO , K in g S iz e H e a d b o a r d 
N eed s R e c o v e n n g $7o. 4 Sta n d a rd 
Size D o o r s $1o 
Table Too Sto ve 
$25. I W h ee l S c h w in n B ik e $ I2 S 
M a li h m g L a m p s $3 e a c h 
S m a ll 
M a h o g a n y B ook C a se $8 2 lig h t 
F ix tu re s I s e och 
( d d a y After 6 
Satu rd ay ond 
Su nd a y 
All 
D a y 
6V6 4 4oo 
P L A N T C A P T lf 5 
149 5829 
Pool T Able I ut stole 
494 75S7 

 cue s ond a c c e sso rie s 
Lik e new $42S 
Coll 
B O N U S A M T 
(MERCHANDISE ADS ONLY - CLASS 928) 
SAVE YOU 6 o % 
WRITE YOUR OWN AD 
A N e w lo w Rote for priva te p otty M e rc h a n d ise A d v e r s in g c o lle d 
D o u b le B o n u s A d s will dc liver results ut t e x a s S iz e d S a v in g s a l 6 o % th e se o d s o re e x p o se d to 2 9 3 , o o o p otential b u y e rs D o ily rn the S o n A n to n io W o n t A d S u p e im o iL e t ( 3 3 , o o o m o le them the lig h tl 

 the D ouble B on u s Spec tai is d e sig n e d to p io v id e a le d u c e d rote lot ind iv id u a ls w h o w ish to sell things they n o longer n ee d th e sp e cial rote o l 2 lines, 6 d a y s S 3 m o lies it p rofitab le lo adve rtise lo w cost item s so *ct o s b a b y furniture OI u se d a p p lia n c e s 

 th e only lequirc-m enls ore 

1 
O i l y private ind ivid uals arr' e ligib le Io i this 6 o % m o n e y sa v in g rote 

2 the o d m ost be- pie iced lot six d a y s ll the item is so ld tie lot e the six d a y s o re up, yo u m ay c (HU el further tu n n in g d a y s o f the- o d but the lull ro le will be c h o l ge l! (In other w ords, n o refu n d or rote adjustm ent lot u n u se d cloys o n d n o c o p y s u b s t a t io n s ) 
2 LINES • 6 DAYS • *3 
(ADDITIONAL LINES EXTRA) 
SAVE AN ADDITIONAL 1o% BY 
M AILING PAYMENT WITH YOUR AD ii-.il I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I l l I I I I I I I s n i rn i 1111 i 11 i i n t rn 111 i 111111 a m j j - i 11111 i 1111 11 i 11111 ....... . 
4m n 111111 i 111 1111 1111 r n 111111 
5 n T T T T T I I f I I I I I l l I I l l 
I I I FT I ft I I I 

I HHH i the to st of your chI from these low ro te s 
D e d u c t 1 o % lor 

 puynieo t with your order th e se totes ore lot p n v o le p o tty w ont o d s 

 cmd ripply to six c on se cu tive dciy in se rtio n s 
2 lines m inim um 
A p p ruxim otely 31 spCKes (H'l Inn 

P leose I In -I k your c k! tin In s! cloy it ii( i|m i h s N O A O J U S I M i N i b 
> O R I KRC IR C A N B l M A D I A f U R I H I H R S ! R U N N I N G D A Y 

I lines . . . $3 OO 
3 lines . . . 
4.5o 
4 lines . . . 
6.oo 
3 lines . . . 
7.5o 
6 lines . . . 
9.oo 
7 lines . . . 1o.5o 

NAME ______ 

ADDRESS 

CITY_________ 

START DATE 

PHONE NO 

STATE 
Z I P 

CLASS. 

---------------MAIL COURON TO--------------- 
EXPftiSS-NEW S DOUBLE BONUS ADS 
Ave. E at Third St./P O. Bo* 2171 
Sort Antonio, Texas 78297 --------- 

 o r c a l l ... 2 2 5 - 1 6 6 6 t o d a y 
BONUS ADS BRING RESULTS! 
> $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ S S $ $ $ $ $ $ $ S $ $ $ $ $ S S S S S S S 

INDUSTRIAL 
SEWING MACHINES 
SINGH 241 Single Needle 
SINGER ISI Waking feet, Mind iHtdi, RI mold! tew-tergen, but- 

All complete with motors and stands 
512— 226-5526 
CMT CORPORATION 
227 Long Star Blvd. 

P O O L 
T A B L E 
G o ld e n 
W ee 
N e v a d o 6 m os., old, m u st se c to b e lie v e 
$1,ooo f ir m in c lu d e s delivery a nd set up 661 6376 

82o HELP I W T B 

 m is c h u u k o b s sa — BTE 

D R U G C L E R K . H a r d w o r k in g healthy p e rso n M u st be 21 A p p ly atter 6 P M M on ond W ed afternoons only USO H igh la nd .____ 
ENGINE ROOM 
Janitorial Maintenance 
C le an ing and rough pointing 
M U S T B E A G IL E 
W EDGEWOOD APTS. 
67o1 BLANCO ROAD 
A P P L Y IN P E R S O N 
E X E C U T IV E needs p ert time m a r ­ ried m ilita n t. 828-4o74 

G a s and E o f T ruck Stop-rellef shift 
3:3o to 12 OO p erm anent (ob 5-dav w eek, m a tu re , lo c a l re fe re n c e s, sta rt $416 mo. A ll a p p lic a tio n s to j 
A.J. P lo ch OII C o 5747 D ietrich R d 
4 Sp ar N o ohone calls please. 
Handlcappetf Only 
Ste o d y E m p lo y m e n t , $2 on h o u r stort 533 8881 
HOMEMAKERS! 
M o rk e t re s e o r c h re p re se n t o t iv e h a s o p e n in g s to r s u r v e y w o r k , p o rt tim e. G e ttin g a ttitu d e s a n d opinions of p roducts ond Ideas N o se llin g 
V a r io u s h o u rs, e v e n in g s and w e e k e n d s, h o u rly p ay. M u st h a v e p r iv a t e line. R e p ly in o w n h a n d w r itin g , In c lu d e y o u r tele p h o n e n u m b e r to 
M o r k e t R e se a rc h , B o x 29146, In d ia n a p o lis 
Indiana, 46229 

P O O L T A B L E , re g u la t io n , $3oo 
P in b a ll m a c h in e , $3oo 
E le c t r ic typ ew riter, $275. 696 o38o 
P O R T A B L E D I S P L A Y C A S E S 
At N W Fle a M a rk e t Sat - Sun. table 
7 2 735 7934 

L A D IE S , a re you in need of m ore m o n e y? Y o u can earn e xtra Incom e 
In y o u r o w n n e ig h b o rh o o d lf yo u w ish , s e llin g A M W A Y P r o d u c t s 
C o ll 656 8719 b e tw e e n 6 7 P M for appt., no phone Interview s. 
3 L A D IE S N E E D E D , 3 h o u rs doily. 
5 d a y w e e k , $75 
S t a n le y H o m e 
P rod u cts Inc., 533 36oo. 
L a d le ! to w e a r a n d se ll S a r a h 
C o v e n try tew elrv. N o in v e stm e n t required. 735-7112 __________________ 
M A I N T E N A N C E M A N fo r la r g e apl com plex. P lu m b in g, electrical ond h ea tin g e x o e rle n c e e sse n tial 
A p t t u r n 
L o c a l 
R e f e r e n c e s required. A p ply 116 V ander heck. 

COUPLE NEEDED 
FOR RANCH 

Man Must be willing to work on a 
16oo 
Acre 
Ranch and the Woman to 

 do House Work and some 
Cooking. Call Between 9 and 5 daily at: 

C d f 
494-7548 ^ 

P r e s s u r e c o o k e r , c u r t a i n s a n d d ra p e rie s artificial flow ers, a sso rt rd tody s clothes size 14, m o n s suit 
18 4o 824 1832______________ ________ 
P R O J E C T O R , 16mm so u nd $.1oo I feature length, 2 sh o rt, To m N ix, 
W illiam S H ort film $15o 661 4882 
15o2 A ck e rm a n 
R a n c h S a le v e r y o ld u se d fu rn . orientol ru gs, c h a n d e lie rs I 438 2173 
R A N G E : M a g ic C hef C ha tea u JO" g a s. U p -lo w e r o v e n s , e x c e lle n t cond. $325 342 263o 

M A N A G E M E N T T R A I N E E S 
C oll M r C ollins tor appt. 224-2o41 
IM A N A G E R T R A I N E E a n d C A R 
W A SH A T T E N D A N T S needed Full lur part time. A pply 1611 B ro a d w a y 
M a n n e e d e d fo r w o rk In c u sto m c e ra m ic sh o p, will c o n sid e r p o rt time lf experienced potter Coll M r | 
M ood anytim e 822 9435. 

R E A L I S T I C 
S T A 77 
A M F M r e c e iv e ! 
$1oo 
B S R 48.ooo B X r e c o rd c h a n g e r 
$4o. 2 R e a lis tic 
O p tlm p us IB sp e akers. 
$15o 
H I 2678 
R e a listic T R C 24 A a n d L a fa y e tte 
Com phone will sell or trode for sin qi* side band W h ite 's M etol Detcc tor cost $15o will trode for rifte 
674 4768 
R E D W O O D 7x6x18 D E C k IN G . 48c 
A B O A R D E Q Q T , 42o 2786 
R e fr ig e r a t o r, a u to m a tic w a sh e r, fre e ze r 
A ll In p e rfe c t c o n d itio n 
R e ason able 226 1959 
R e frige ra to r I? cu ft yellow, J m os 
Old $1oo, 684 4425 
R e frig e ra to r-F re e ze r, sid e by side 
G E TI co in H a rv e st G old 5 yrs. old V e ry Cleon 
F ro st F re e $25o 
658 85o5 
R e friq e ra to r W e stin g h o u se , frost tree, ice m aker, 16 C u It 92? 9995 
R E F R I G E R A T O R G E , exc cond less bio n yr old. $295 699 o727 
S a n s u i A M F M t u n e r r e c d v e t , 
G a rra rd turn table. A k a l tope deck, 
2 J e n se n flo o r s p e a k e r s . 2 A R sp e ak e rs, $15o Com plete E le ctra 3 otiose gu lto r with case, a m p lifie r 
$15o o r b est ofter 
658 o4o1 o fte r 
5 P M w eekdays, oil d ay Sot 
S A T O N L Y G a r a g e Sa le , se w in g m a ch in e , b lo ck w h ite T v d in in g table c h o irs Etc 
342 5926, 231 E d uevole D riv e 
Se a rs W ash er and D ry e r, a ll c ycles 
$15o tor pair 655 712? 
Soto and Loveseot excellent condi lion. $185 7 pieta dinette set, excel lent condition, $75 Coffee table and e n d ta b le s, $45 
C r a f t s m a n G a s 
W elder used 2 H R S $85 G irls bike, like new, $35 3o? F o rd engine ports 
6?J 4764 
S O F A A N D L O V E S E A T fair cond eosQnable 681 3665. Atter J P M 
S P E C I A L ! D o m o g e d 1ox1o p ort bldg Fre e del., te rm s 541 6188 
3-speed bicycle good condition $5o 
696 2826 
S T A IN E D G L A S S , u n u su a l design, very old 453 7694 
Stereo, I m onths old, E lee trophonic o n so le 8 fro c k p lo y a n d r e c o rd 
$1oo, 671 4887 
STEREO QUAD SET 
L ik e new C D 4 n zrn tob le 8 Trac p la y e r t e c o r d e t 
A M F M , sp e a k e rs $375 firm c o sh 656 7951 
S t e re o r e c o r d c h a n g e r s w ith sp e a k e rs t L lo y d s 
I C op yhold 
824 5757 
Stove tor sole $55 good condition 
434 621)____________ 
8 strin g b a ss H o o stro m e xcellent onditron 737 28)2 

Studio P ia n o com pletely refinished 
$7oo 149 7776 

Sunn B o s s A m p C olise u m 88o J B I 
IS h a r d sh e ll r o s e 
$7oo 73? 281? s a c rif ic e for 

Super scope cassette deck, So ny car cassette plover. IS popular cassette lopes P k g deal m u st sell 226 77>2 
To Settle E state P i n e d to sell, 
[rooms of furniture 
C o sh only 
658 8S28 
T rum pet Getzen Doc Se v e rso n P ro 
M odel Lik e New S35o 149 8796 
TV , b la ck and white c on so le A M 
F M rpdto, stereo $75 924 o496 

J T V S S25 o nd JJS, w o r k in g ond batteries 
$8 each, coll atter 
Jj 
648 146o 
M K 

 w o t w i n B e d s . M a t t r e s s a nti 
H e a db o ard 
Includ ed 
$3o ea. 
826 2993 
-u n i t e s 'f r e ig h t s a L e s — 
N o I 
. 
.............. 164 E. L A M A R 
N o I ... 
1o41o P E R R I N B E I T E L 
Fine Fu rn itu re ■ Fra ctio n of retail 

62o HELP WANTED 
MISCELLANEOUS 

M o ld lo c le a n h o u se 2 week M r K elly 731 o6o1 

Mature Person 
W onted to cleon ond se rv ic e c a r s 
M u st be reliab le o nd d ep e nd ab le 
Only m atu re need apply. 342 9566 
M e rc h a n d isin g and d e live ry C om m e r c la l lic e n s e d r e q u ir e d . F o r 
Appt C all N eum on D is! Co 225 4» . 
M id d le o ge d or retire d couple, limited Incom e, wonted to care for eld erly w o m a n o n d y a rd m ointen once Se parate fu rn ish e d q u a rte rs p rovid e d , u tilities p aid, p lu s $1oo month sa lo rv W rite P O Box 5214 
Son Antonio, T X 782o1 
R e ferences required. 
~ N E E b~ S l c U R IT Y G U A R D S 
Full a nd part tim e Inte rnatio nal 
Security 227 2777 
6 n M o n d a y J a n 
16th, H a lle lu ia h 
H o llyw o o d w ill he ta k in g o p o llc a tlons tor R e co rd Sp in n e rs A p ply In p e rso n to L y d ia b etw een 17 3pm 
Will train 1o127 C oochllght 
O p e nings E xist for C o o k s and Yourn 
C ou n se lo rs to w ork d u rin g su m m e r m onths at Youth C a m p P e rso n ap p ly in g a s Cook, m u st h a v e e xpe r ience. T h o se a p p ly in g tor Y o u th 
Counselor m ust be between 18 and 
24 y e a rs of age, h a v e som e exper lence in h andling h o rse s o r p h y sica l e ducation in v o rlo u s sp o rts o ctlv i ties, lf In te re ste d w rite C o m o D i rsctor, P O Box 1941 Sa n A n ton io 
78297. 

T I A R A E X C L U S I V E S , M a n a g e r s and C ou n se lo rs needed im m ediate ly 
E x c it in g n ew p ro d u o t 
E a r ly 
A m e ric a n a nd c o n te m p o ra ry gifts in q la ss. E x c e lle n t c o m m is s io n s paid Im m ediately otter each p arty 
N o d e l iv e r y fu ll o r p a r t tim e 
T rain in g provided 654 o966 
T R U C K E R 'S H E L P E R No d riv in g n ecessary Single ond able to be out on the rood a week at o tim e 
654 6o88_____________________________ 
T r u c k S to p a s s is t a n t m a n a g e r night shift 5 d ay w eek 
Tex M a rt num ber S self se rv e truck stop. IH 
IO W e st o n d F r e d e r ic k s b u r g R d 
M a t u r e lo c al re fe re n c e s, re tire d 
M il it a r y w e lc o m e s t a r t s $697 m o n th 
AM a p p lic a t io n s lo 
A .J 
Ploch O II Co 
Inc 5747 D ietrich R d 
4 to 5 pm No phone colls, pleose 
W ant H u s k y L o c a l P a rt or F u lltim e 
College Student truck d riv e r C om m e rclal n e o n s* N o Sm o king. G ood 
Poy. F I S H E R S 145o N E Loop 41o 

M o nth b a b y n e e d s T L O w hile m other w o rk s 5-day week 661 4793 ofter 9pm K irb y 

622 DOMESTIC 

Babysitter w anted w e ekd ays 
684 6934 eves 
D e p e n d a b le w o m a n w a n te d fo r ge ne ral hou se w o rk, 3-4 d ay w eek 
M u t t h a v e o w n r e f e r e n c e s o n d tra n sp ortation. 341-2814 
D e p e n d a b le liv e in h o u se k e e p e r c o rn of 2 sm a ll c h ild re n , p riv a te ro o m o n d b o a r d - ? s a l a r y 
M u s t have local references 492 266.1 
D e p en d a b le lady for h o u se w o rk I day o week Ret 34? 1432. 
E n g lish sp e a k in g live in w onted to do housew ork, la u n d ry Iro n in g and b a b y s it t in g 
Top s a la r y p r iv a t e q ua rte rs refe ren ce s req u ire d 
651 4141. 
F a m ily needs live in m o ld P riv a te room and bath 49? 2669 

P A R T T IM E C A S H I E R S 5? IO an hr 6pm 12pm 2o IO h r s a week N o exp n e c e ssa ry M in a o c 18 A p ply rn person. V 3, M o n F r i 
Stop N G o 
M arkets, 2o4 E R h a p so d y__________ 
P A R T T IM E P E R S O N req uired for su p p ly d r iv e r p o sitio n No e xp e r ience n e c e ssa ry 
M u st h o ve va lid 
T e x a s d r iv e r 's lic e n se o n d g o o d d r iv in g r e c o r d 
C o l ’ M s H ic k e y 
69o 172o 
E q u a l opportunity e m ployer 
_____________________ 

G randm other tor 2 school a ge kids, light d u tie s live In C a ll 696 7991 after lp m ___________________________ 
Help 
Me 
Go on my 
Honeymoon 
B a b y s it 'e r n e e d e d fo r i w e e k live In 349 5819 
_____ 

P h o n e S o lic it o r f u ll tim e 
827 1516 from I 5pm___________ 
C o l 

H O U S E K E E P E R W A N T E D 
Dependable w om an tor p erm a ne nt lob. g e n e r a l h o u s e w o r k S d a y s . sh c o o l a g e d c h ild re n 
M u s t h o v e references a nd tran sp o rta tion 
344 9o58 

SECURITY OFFICERS 
N o w t o k in g a p p lic a t io n s tot im m ediate h irin g M u st a p p ly in per son 419 S M o in Ro o m 116 A m e rica n 
Security P otful 

H ousekeeper Cook 7 adu lts ge ne r oui s a la r y d e p e n d in g on a b ility ret good health o nd dependability 
826 OIS! 

S e m i r e t ir e d c o u p le to m a n a g e m obile hom e p o rk 
S o la r y ? liv in g a ir s a n d utilities 
F o r m o re infor m otion contact L o c k la n d P la za Inr 
9am 4pm 
M o n E n 
674 2181 
674 2171 

Lad y to C ore for 7 C hild re n A g e s 5 and 7 A d orn s H ill M u st H o v e ow n 
T r a n s p o r t a t io n 
R e f e r e n c e s 
675 114o atter 5 

S h a k lo e N a t u r a l V it a m in s, sp a r e time sa le s b u sin e ss 484-4s«o 

L ive in dom estic wonted on ran c h in 
Com fort. Tx G e n e ra l h ou se w ork g a r d e n in g c o o k in g c a n n in g , sc h o o l a g e d b o y s w ill c o n s id e r couple 
225-3178 ask tor D o ro th y 
Keck 
_____ 

Southwest Air Systems 
N E E D S 
23 TRAINEES to sta rt w o rk im m ed ia te ly it d is p lay m e rc h a n d isin g positions 
•N o e xperience n e c e ssa ry 
•R ap id A d van ce m en t 
M u st be at least 18 y e a r s old a nd have lived In San A ntonio tor I year 
Call tor interview 
AM-533o 

Live in dom estic. 2 c h ild ren $5o wk 
R eferences 826 6251 
L IV E IN H O U S E K E E P E R 
D e sire m o th erly re sp o n sib le E n g 
In n s p e a k in g la d y w ith d r iv e r s license tor C astle H ills fom llv with 
- h ild r e n IO. ’ a n d 4 
E x c e lle n t sa la ry P riv a te room Coll 144 984? 
Live-in Maid 
F o r o d u lt in O lm o s P o r k m c * room- with Ty, and telephone near b us som e 
E n g lis h req u ire d 
824-8942 

Supplem ent your incom e you set the limit tor interview roll 653 1o75 

L ive in to core for elderly m other good w o rkin g conditions m in im u m housekeeping R e fere nces 826 o417 
TELEPHONE 
T e le p h o n e s o lic it o r n e e d e d im m ediate ly hom e Im p ro v e m e n t ex perienct- helpful S a la ry -4- c o m m is sion C oll from m y office on south side M r s Sm ith 726 1374 

M a id m u st sp e a k S p a n ish A p p ly attei 2pm a nd no phone call 1126 E 
M ira 
M a id I or 2 d a y s per week lite hog sekeeping. m ust h ave ow n tro n sp 
Coll 69o 1197 

M i re iB K B B H g r wi ra g s ; a sw a n 

PRINTING & MAILING FIRM 
Gt&SG OUT OF BUSINESS 

SELL RENT TRADE - GIVE-AWAY 

EVERYTHING MUST BE REMOVED 

I 7 x 2 2 Baum 
I 7 x 2 2 Chief O ffset - Papercutter 
Cam era 
Headliner w / 3 3 Fonts * Varityper 
Inserters 
Postage Meter Machines- 
And Much M ore 

I O a . m . - 6 : o o p .m . M o n d a y th ru F r id a y 
922 Brooklyn 

WITTIG’S 
WAREHOUSE SALE 

New Desk from............... $99 

New lites hem ..............$56 

New steno chairs (rem ... $34 
New Exec chairs (rem . $69SO 
Als* Used Furniture 
126 ion Ann Street or 
W IO et Celebre, 736-559o 
All Soles Cosh ond Carry 

Saw Antonie, lex. 

W ID E C a rria g e Office Typ e w rite r 
M a n u a l but e a sy touch, like new 
S75. 661 814o,_________________________ 
«3 blawn annum 

Needed Im m e d io te iy' L iv e in b ab y sitter, S25 a week to start 714 5543. 
N e e d e d Im m e d ia t e ly , m a t u r e dependable live in for care of 5 yr o ld g ir l a n d lite h o u s e k e e p in g room, board, so lo rv o nd other ben e ld s 653 5144 

A D D R E S S - O - G R A P H - c l a s s 19oo w ith a tt a c h m e n ts , g r a p h o -ty p e plate cabinet with tra ys. H o ld s 3o trays. All I $75o All in good w o rkin g o rd e r 
N o tio n a l b illin g m a c h in e , mod 
4? 
$15oo 
677 8151 
M o n Fri, 
9 4. 
A n tiq u e to b ie s a n d c h o ir s , go o d sound pieces 
D a u g h try A n tiq ue s 
,684 o344___________________________ 

N E E D L iv e in C o m p a n io n for el derlv lodv In sm all 2 bedroom opt in 
A lam o H ots R e fere nces 22 1586 
Reliab le lady to live In H ou sto n children Refs. 684-9o96 
Re sp o nsib le lady to live in, m a n a ge household and help care tor I school age children, large priva te o ccom m odotlons, p lus solory. 826 6572. 
R e tire d m a n w a n te d 
R u m a n ia n wom an, sp e a k s E n g lish R u m a n ia n ond H u n g a ria n nee ds c o m p a n io n 
M u st d riv e car and speak E n g lis h 
Write 
Rf. 3 B ox 799, B ro w nsville , 
TX 7852o or coll I 811 4843 
W anted Im m ed iately 
L iv e in h ou ­ se k e e p e r 
L ig h t h o u se w o r k p lu s h ildcore A good lob for a resp on siblc p erson Room ond b o a rd color 
TV, plus sa la ry 492-1o37. 

624 SITUATIONS WANTED 

A T T O R N E Y 
14 year old mole, I y r s reol estate developm ent experience E xce llen t presentation N ew Y o rk B o r Seek m g c h a lle n gin g e m ploym ent Re p ly to 
E x p r e s s B ox 7774, So n Antonio 
T X 78297 
B a b ysittin g done m y hom e H a r r y 
W u rzb ach Rlttim an a re a 822 o761 
C are of sick-elderly, housekeeom q, will live in 224-71*5 
C hild care In m y hom e Full or port time B ro a d w a y 8. TIO 822 o369 
C hild core in m y licensed hom e oft 
W est A ve nu e 344 6779______________ 
Child core m y hom e C lose to Con ve rse E le m School. 658 785o 
C hild care w hile you w ork or shop 
In fa n ts, p re s c h o o l n e a r m a lls 
341 o961 M r s Taylor. 
______ 
C O L O R E D L A D Y w ants day w ork 
References. 222 8586 
C O U P L E d e s ir e s h o u s e w o r k cle an in g ya rd m aint lite h a u lin g 
337 4818 
_______ 
D o you need a se c re to ry bul not on o ffic e * B u s in e s s O ffic e S e r v ic e leoal re su m e steno etc 494 1o95 
E xp w om an w onts w ork in H ospital or N u rsin g H om e d oin g h ousekeep 
Ina or se a m stre ss duties 736-o856, no live I n ^ B 
Ironing, w a sh m a done In m y hom e 
B y M 'S . Sp ears. 736 3967___________ 
L ic e n s e d c h ild c a r e n o r t h s id e w e ekd ays or nights 494 39o4 
M ain te na n ce M a n s needs apt H a v e kn o w le d ge of p ainting, p lu m b in g elec. Coli E C Rom lre z, 534 7734 
M ature, a ccounts receivab le clerk som e credit exp needs iob9 333 2926 
M A T U R E Y O U N G M o n se e k s em p lo v m e n t a s h e a v y e q u ip m e n t o p e r a t o r t r a in e e 
D o z e r m o to r gro de r cro n e Coll 51? 735 591 1 
M U S IC IA N steel gu ita rs w onts lob w ith e s t a b lish e d , w o r k in g C A W bond. 673 2oo6 oter 4pm 
P o rt tim e N N W 9 3o I 3o 5 d a y s 
T y p e 9o S H 8o b k p g 
E x c e lle n t refe ren ce s A v ailab le n o w 1 $5 SO an h r 144 8265 
P o r t tim e se c re t a r y c o m p e te n t m a tu re e xce lle n t S H o n d ty p in g skills, a v a il 2 d a y s pet wk ot flex h rs tem p ot perm N E 824 4695 or 
828 2oo7 
_________________ 
P ra c tica l n urse d e sire s priva te do tv tor sick ond elderly R e fere nces 
N o live in 824 5843 

*2 Y R O L D M A N W onts a lob E p e r 'e n c ed in b a n k in g s a v in g s A home, aud iting, a c c o u n tin g office m anagem e n t W rite P O B ox 12134, 
78212. 

4 C A S H R E G I S T E R S g r o c e r y c h e c k o u t m o d e l, N C R c io s s 5. 3 y e a rs old. Contact S a m S h e o rre r 
I 569 4864, Ple asan ton or 225-5781 
Son Antonio 
C a s h r e g is t e r , *2o o. o f t r o c t lv e check out counter. 5)5o 824 6531 
C O L D I N r o m m c r i c a l Ic e B o x 
4 door 8x6 434 o881 
C O M M E R IC A L W A S H E R A N D 
D R Y E R S 
19o8 
P le asan ton 
Rd 
924 3o12 
Com plete g ro u p s of office furniture 
Call 8-4, 22S-S746. 
D R A S T IC R E D U C T IO N S O N 
U se d R e stau ran t E q u ip m e n t 
4 b u r n e r st o v e 
C h e e s e m e lte r. 
Deeptat frye r, ste am e r droft beer cooler, dishes, g la ssw a re , cigarette v e n d in g m a c h in e , c a s h r e g is te r 
M a n y other T h in g s 1131 B a sse Rd., 
T il 7367. 734 3o81 
F o r A L L N E W and U S E D K itch en 
Eq u ip m e n t and Supplies. See 
L e v in so n R e stau ran t Supp ly Co. 
19oo Son P e d ro 
733-o*31 
F re sh M ea t D isp la y B o x 24 ft tot 
B u tch e r Sh o p G oo d cond At p re sent location $745, Installed at you r location $995 695-1447 

G E S T E T N E R M e m e o g ra o h , Olde, 
.jut aood cond 
$1oo tiling cabinet 
$1o. 661 814o 
I B M E x e c u t iv e t y p e w r it e r new, $195. 534 349o___________ 
IB M S E L E C T R I C T yp e w rite r. E x cellent cond , you c a n 't rep lace at 
$4251 341-425o eves 
IC E 
C R E A M 
P A R L O R 
E Q U IP M E N T 
In c lu d e s S h e e te r d ip cab in et, d is 
Olay c ases, ice cube m a k e r, c a sh register, m ixer, so d a fountain, deep fryer, table and chairs. C all ASB-t il t arter 5 P M 

• LEASING • 
Sp ecia lizin g In B u sin e ss and P ro fe ssio n a l E q u ip m e n t 
Sa v e T o x-C o n se rv e C ap ital 
GLENN FOSTER, INC 
26o3 B ro a d w a y 
227-*181 
J-M Copier, 1o7 M o d e l SISO 
344 3o61 
M odel 75o R e x ro ta ry m im e o grap h o n a e le ctron ic ste n c il m a k e r o n d som e su p p lies $75o w hole set V e ry good condition 512 438 248? or w rite 
Voice Of Tru th 
B ox l l 
B u lv e rd e 
78163 
_ 
M O N E Y S A F E 
Store, 834-111o. 
J u d y 's G e n e r a l 

M u st sell M in i C o m p u te r. Sa v e 4o o 
341 6641. b us 691 1629 hom e 
N C R C a sh R e g iste r s, 4 6 8 l l To 
(als 534 349o 
O F F IC E C H A IR S . 7, like new R e tail al o ver S3oo eoch. sell at $2oo 
341 42S4 eves. 
Olivetti P6o3 M in i C om p u te r Ideal for sm all b u sin e ss with routes 72? 
P a rk rid a e 341 4472 

R E C O R D O F O N E 
A u to m a tic T e le p h o n e A n s w e r in g 
R e c o r d in g , c a ll d iv e r t in g e g p 
Com petitive prices. C all a n ytim e | 
R a lp h 's E le ctron ics. 67S-2245 
R E F R I G E R A T E D 
B O X 
$1oo 732 o687 

S A N D W IC H 

R estaurant Equipm ent F o r Sale 
S ta in le ss steel IO x 2 ii 
* ? st e a m e r c o u n t e r d e e p f r y e r burner stove 
V e ry re a so n ab le 
684 6195 
U S E D O F F I C E E q u ip m e n t ce n v o n tio n o l a n d s e c r e t a r ie s d e s k s and c h a irs C o k u lo to r s ond m iscel 
Ign eou s supplies. 454-6454 
W a ih e r t e r t a 
E q u ip m e n t 
W a sh e rs 6 d rye rs, hotw ater heater ond portable p lu m b in g fixtu res Fo r inform ation colt I 392-46IS 

CASH 
AND 
CARRY 
Lum ber 

2*4x6 Mo. 3 btr. YP.48 ea. 

2*4x8 Na. 3 YP . J i h i. 

2*4x14 Mo. 3 YP U l to. 

Pressure Treated 
POSTS 

4 ” x 6 '/ y..... 

6”x8’ ......... 

4"x14’ ___ 

1.37 ta. 
1.75 eg. 
5.69 m . 
7.45 to. 

4*8 CO SHOP PLYWOOD 

% " 

Vi" 

W 

W 

$3.99 
$5.52 
$6.98 
$7.98 
SOUTH 
LOOP 
LUMBER 
COMPANY 

3 5 1 o l O O S I V f l T 

( 5 1 2 ) 9 2 2 - 6 3 o 6 
Deliver At tx fro Cast 

DITTMAR LUMBER 
SOO OGUIN • 2364141 

Genuine Strong Ram Corrug Iren lengths to 2o........ $24.95 sq 

1x12 lough cedar lumber ............ 
S5< Im. (I 

Railroad ties 
.. 
$4.9$ M 

Asbestos Siding 
$24.95 sq. 

Oak Whiskey battels 
$15.95 ta 
24o lh S/D ifg., colors .11.95 sr. 

IS Ms. felt, 4-sq rod 
$4.49 roll 

Insulation 3' 
. 94 sg. (I. 

Insulation 6 ' 
..... 
154 sg. ft. 
THE MONEY SAVER 

MeeterCherge 
Whore f o h Buy* a* Wha lo an la 

 f i i m m 
K 
I A 
H l l 

LUMBER BARGAINS la id Woll Point 
$3.5o 
2x4-1' precut No 3 select 
794 
24o lb Sealdown shinges $13.95 
4.8 ' i (DX Plywood 
$4.49 
( i i H plywood 
$1o.2$ 
24i24 Aluminum Window $1o.3o 

ALUM INUM RATIO DOORS 
6 loot 
$o9 
U S M AND CARRY " 
BARN O LU M BI* CO. 
12o7 L Durango 
533-5115 

A C M E L U M B E R A S U P P L Y 
1oo1 A u stin S t . 226-1437 
U n iv e rsa l City. 658-6331 
A L A M O E N T E R P R I S E S 
H A S E V E R Y T H IN G 
TO B U IL D A N Y T H IN G 

C lo se out prices, year end sate o r 
1ox2o 1ox1? wood port b ld g Fre e delivery, term s 653 8111___________ 

•LEPPARD LUMBER© 
N e w s o lid c o r # d o o r s 
$21 SO 
C olonial panel D o o r s $35 oo, new screen d o o rs $12 5o, new a n d inert w indow s and d o o rs 
H O I 
W 
C om m e rce 

Used Office Furniture desks, c h a irs typ ew riters, a d d in g im othm es M o re l 349 2674 
■ 
U S E D R E F R l i s k A T O R S 
C E N T R A L S E R V IC E CO. 
7o7 W E S T A V E ., 734-4237 
U se d f r u m p * ! E xcellent C oiiditiofl 
I y rs old Coll Tim 494 6o45 oft 4 
I I e e h 'T ig h t Plant 
In c lu d e s I s h P engine, aliernator Pottery. 6 lights 
Ready to use 494 61o1 
W A N + E D 
E a r ly City D irecto rie s. 
D u n n or B ro d stree ts 69* 2236 
W A N T E D h ec'!7'olu« V a c u u m with power nozzle 73S7512. 
W A N T E D office lu rn iiu re desks. tile cabinets, etc 226 1ooo 
8 B R I E K en m ore A u lo m aT IcT m good condition, SSS Ele ctric D ry e r, 
$65 431 457o 
W hir pool w asher a nd dr y e r , older model $1oo 494 5825 zenith y r color console new picture lube $19o 654 6874 

93o MLRCHABo1SE WARTED 

T t n M r r t M a r e ^ o d e l^ n n g T n S h H T 
( r e in * * no Bdl ng re y y r. M i 1845 
CAMERA EXCHANGE 
Buy. Soil, T ro d *. Re pair 
$322 S A N P E O R O __________828-2327 
C A iH for you r U se d P iano 
224 7111 or 224-11o2 

C D. rodios, ontenos. linear*, m ikes, etc M o b il* or base C A S M I A sk (or 
Sonny. *22 1786 or 474 2523 
'D IA M O N D S 
W illiam s 227 87o2. IS * E Houston 
TU BUY ANYTHING 
T H A T D O E S N 'T E A T It l 
C A L L J IM L IS T E R 
433-26oo or 433-6348 o f r e P A 'V f { A i h . 
F o r used furniture a nd w o rkin g ap pl tone OS 923 8942, 92 7 4o45 
OM Records before 63 
TS s. 45 *. I P '* . 341 o978 w T H T F B — r r W T T T P T T - l T w n m ower, good condition and reaso n 
(joie 6*4 1384. 
I 
W onted to buy rep airable color and tiia rk a n d w h it* p o r t a b le T V S cosh 733 o762 

W e b uy Furniture, A p plian ce s 
E sta te s Antiques G la ssw a re etc 
BEST PRICES PAID 
532-6641 
*53 1714 anytim e, 4SS-4434 eves 
J O H N A R O W L A N D S A R N E S 
Licen se d and Bonded B u y e rs 

----------------wfc P A V m u ----------- 
P o r G ood U sed F u rn itu re 
FAWCETT FUILNITBRE 
S U D o lo r esp 
227 451J 
We Pay Men Cash 

For That G ood P ia n o 
That you ere not u sin g P le ase ceti 
M r Leon at I I ) 4151 
WE PAY IMRE re, A p p lia n c e s. A n lia 
„ A n y t h in g pf V a lu e ti 
« I* houseful. CBM . 

 k u rn itu ri t slates one p s c i H 
>474754 Anytim e 

U CI rp m 

E lf 
1*4* 

YOUR GUIDE TO DEPENDABLE SERVICE 
. 
EXPRESS-NEW ! 
SERVICE DIRECTORY 

TO PLACE ADS IN THIS DIRECTORY CALL 225-1666 

Additions 

J A L C o n stru c tio n G e n e ra l C o n lr oc tor s patios, c a rp o rts o a ra o e s d r iv e w a y s , s id e w a lk s p o r c h e s ro o m a d d it io n * a n d fo u n d a t io n s lic e n se d no 1464 l l ) san? 
REMODELING 
: O M P l E T E F IN A N C IN( 
F R E E E S T I M A T E S 
C 6 S LUMRER 
4447 R O O S E V E L T 
*24 IS M , *14 8SS7 

Asphalt-Concrete Work 

A I C o n c re te F o u n d a tio n p a tio s asphalt d riv e w a y s IK bonded Joe 
534166o 
AN Types of Concrete Work 
JR o 'o -i. *24 74*1 
A S P H A L T P A V IN G . S E A L C O A T 
IN G A N D P A T **‘4 IN o Coll 657 2699 
A sp h a lt re p a u m g a n d p atch w o rk 
W e d o d r iv e w a y s g r a v e l w o rk co n cre te w o rk te n n is c o u rts a n d seal coating N o lob too b ig or too sm ell 
F re e estim ate s Coll J A P 
A S P H A L T C O 674 7266_____________ 
C A I L V C O N S T R U C T IO N F o r Con cre te S la b s fo u n d a t io n s p atio s, p orch e s d riv e w a y s sid e w a lks a nd ion S IJ o (2 9 
^ a 't 

 usphglt 
I O N I 
W O R K 
[s id e w a lk s d r iv e w a y s 
F r e e # * timote J o e G u e rre o *24 7777 
C O N C E E T K ' W O R K ' P A T I O S 
5-Oewalks D o . * - o , i i ) 114) 
J A L C onstruction Concrete w ork of oil k in d * H o u se p ainting a nd root m g 
B est price in town ’ Lice n se e 

Auto Services 

A U T O M O T I V E 
R E P A I R 
L o w 
Ovei head Specialty B ra k e R e pa ir. 

B o o k k e e p in g A T o k S e r v i c e 

A c c o u n t a n t w ill k e e p b o o k s tot sm oll b u sin e sse s 494 6*45 ofter 7pm 
P R O B L E M W ITH T A X E S * return p rep aration 
■ 
121 IJ/ i 

C a r p e n t r y 

A C arpenter in N eed pf Jobs from 
Rooting to Fo u nd atio n N o Job Too 
S m a lh Fre e E st 
AN W ork G u a r 
91I 5o24 
A C om p lete H o m e ftepair Se rvic e a rg e n try L e v e lin g 
R e m o d e lin g 
Velm a, 
657 4ITO rind P ainting 
A l l T V P E S C A R P E N T R V W O R k 
A L S O R O O F IN G , P A IN T IN G , S A 
T IS F A C T IO N G U A R A N T E E D N O 
JO B TO O S M A L L 636 5573 in sid e at O u tsid e p a in tin g , both ro om floor re p a irs, a lso a n y car gentry work, 
F re e estim ates 
659 1679 

Carpentry 

R O O M A D D I T I O N S . G a r a g e s 
Com plete With C oncrete Slob Root m g P a n e l in g E t c 
R e a s o n a b l e 
Licen se d N L. P ere z 434 9644 

Carpet Sales A Service 

A i C le an ing Sp ecial L iv in g Room . 
D in in g R o o m . $27 SO *x 1 2 L e o s * 
R u g s JIO 5o 127 1*84. 225 *3o3 

Childcare 

D a y t a r e a ge o IO M o n F it 
Lie hom e su p e rv ise d c a re V a le n c ia 
Betty C o rr 655 7291 
____ 
I oviiig child cate nutr itm us m e als 
D ia p e rs turn W ind sor M o ll $25 wk 
651 7o65 
R e gistere d H o m e N i - 
Hot M e a ls P le nty L o v e Attention 
STO 4o hr W eek S e c o n d C h ild SIO 

Custom Lettering A Printing 

W ant to G iv e a v e ry spec to! git t> 
How about a P o e m 1 C o m p o se d to your order 658 4558 

Dirt-Sand-Gravel-Fili-Topsoil 

A C T IO N D E L I V E R S F O R L E S S 
M O N E Y . 534 794/anytim e 9216*64 
B E L G IA N C A R D E N TO P S O IL 
Best quality a lso sa n d top soil m u 
435*228, 433 1489. 
D 1 R T - G R A V E L S A N D O R L O A M 

D irt Topsoil Sa n d G ra v e l L o a m 
Rn v H e n drix D e live re d 141 7449 
N O W L O A D I N G R ic h T o p S o il 
Loom , 
3598 
S W W 
White 
R d 
661 2321 
' 
T op Sot!,' g r a v e l D e liv e r and Sp re a d 
N W and N E 434 1 1o4 411 4 2 1 5 M ■ 
S A N D 
T O P 
977 I 
S O I L , i Y S a t S u n 
G R A V E I 

Firs A B S Q Wood 

F IR E W O O D M S A L O A D 
D E L I V E R E D I 663-262S 
S PLI T O K K E N M E S Q U I T E 
( Ofd Stacked 653 4316________ 

Foundations 

 a c e c o n s t r u e ! io n 
Honest n ard w o rk in g F o r a better lob. COM us, 349- 22*1. 224 o*38 

 a l a m o f o u f i b a t i o n 
T o 
I evelum ( odor a nd C oncrete p ie rs 
Fr ee Inspection 43? 5o5o 
A L L P H A S E S O F F O U N D A T I O N 
R E P A I R S 
A ls o S m a ll C a r p e n t r y 
W ork 
All W ork G u a r 
F re e E st 
W W W 
A L L T Y iF f S F O U N D A T IO N 
AN H e m * R e p a irs 
AH W ork G ua ran te e d 34 y r s E x p 
822 111* a nytim e S M 41 ie 
H O U SE L E V E L IN G 
T H E IR IS H M A N 
IO Y E A R S E X P E R I E N C E 
Note 
N eve r take th# first price 
333 8o51 ar 
734 7111 

Foundations 

R E L I A B L E M A N T O D O F O U N ­ 
D A T IO N R E P A I R S A N D H O U S E 
L E V E L I N G Sa tisfa c tio n g u a r a n teed N o loo in .m ail Coll 656 5573 

Gardening 

W ill trim trees o nd cut h ed ge s req 

Health A Physical Therapy 

M A S S A G E T H E R A P Y 
M S V A L K N Z U L A 
736-o411 
O v e rw e ig h t’ We con H elp N o E x e re i s * 
D ie t * 
M e e t in g s 
D r u g s 
IOO 
N atu ral N a tu rSllm 661 6449 

Handyman 

H A N D Y M A N 

Hauling A Moving 

C O T 
A n y t h in g 494 SOUS 

H A U L IN G A N O D U M P IN G 
H ove 2 1 j ton tru c ks 5)3 114 ? 
M O V IN G ? Let U s H e lp W e M o v e 
O n * Item cr H o u se Full. C o n A n y time tit 1879 C o n v e rse 

Home Improvements 
Maintenance 

C o p a b le T r in it y S t u d e n t N e e d s 
P A I N T 
R E P A I R W O R K 
E x p e r le n se d 
R e fe r e n c e s P R A C T I C A L 
L O W E S T Tony 714 246? 
ZZutTT a n d D o w n s p o u ts R e p a ir 

Landscaping 

 w e h a v e P l e n t y o f l i v e o a k 
T E E E S F O R S A L B 
I-I7 S 9428 or 
I 3*2 S M I _______________________ 

Lumber Yards 

Phil Echavarria 
Stanley Helmke 

S A Y 
C A L L O R S E E M E A T 
.W W Kfcc 
"Dependable Since ISIS 
^ J W T J ^ Z o i u o m o i ^ ^ U ^ I I ^ 

Mildew Removing 

R A V C O P A I N T I N G A N D H O U S E 
W A S H IN G We Re m ove M id e w and 
Dirt Before P oin tin g 144 7S72. F re e 
F st (m ate* 

Painting, Papering 
Plastering 

A n th o ny G a r c ia P a in tin g C on troc tor, F re e E st Int E x t 734 7846 
G el hor d is 
R e liab le E stim a te s on 
P a in tin g P a p e rh a n g in g . Sheetrock. 
W in d o w G la s s R e p a i r s 
B u d g e t 
T e rm s 1412 S H a c k b e rry $33-7149 
P a in t in g o n d c e p o u s 
B o n d e d , licensed, work gu a ra n te e d 675 o219 
P A I N T I N G H a n d y m a n P o in t C o 
517o B io o d w a y 828 8o5o 
R e fe r ences, in s ________ 
P a in t in g , m f a n d e x! a ll w o rk guar Col) for free es! 656 665o 
P o in tin g In fe rio r E x t e r io r 
A ls o 
P aper h an gin g Fret- E st 715 /IQI 
P A IN T IN G P ap e r H a n g in g V in yl 
TO y r s exp 333 425/ Arter 5 P M 

 rn. P o i 
G u a r a n t e e d 
R e f e r e n c e s F u r n ish e d C o m m e rc ia l a n d R e sid e n bal 
R e ason a ble lock 
W illia m s ii9 r m 
P a p e rin g Painting. P a n e lin g Sheet 
Rock Repair L o n d ty 715 651U 
P L A S T E R I N G P a t c h in g s t u c c o work F re e E st M r L op «l. 4JJ 9787 

Painting 

A com plete P a in tin g o n d D e c o ra t mg 
Se rvice 
City 
W ide 
Se rvic e 
657 UTO 

R o o f in g a n d 
P o i n t i n g 
F r # « 
E stim a te s 224-2921 o r 972 7J/9 

P l u m b i n g 

 a l l p l u m b i n g j o b s t d o week F rec est Low p rices 4,5 1,16 
D O v 6 u N E E D A P L U M B E R ’ 
Reliable B on d ed 8?< o791 
M A S T E R P L U M B E R W IT H L O W 
O V E R H E AO, SIO 5o H r lic e n se d ! 
B unged 651 14?7v 
We answ er your coll fa st' Se w e rs le aky faucets water neuters, a n y typ e r e p a ir o r new in s ta lla t io n 
T e x a s P lu m b in g C o 
In c 
41o & 
B ro a d w ay C all anytim e 826 958? 

Remodeling 

F I R E P L A C E D E S I G N a n d iN 
B a l l a t IQ N 8/6 9584 
Special acoustical sp ra y e d c e ilin gs 
$35 p *i l?x 15 room size, 673 1657 
S A T Co C ustom R e m o d e lin g D e 
Signer Se rvice 824 7688 or 8?6 o794 

Rooting 

C A H R O O F iN G C O W e do the lob u gh ! th# first tim # N ew roots, roof re p a irs of otl typ es 
F re e est 

R O 5 ? 7 n g 
P a in t in g . # r G e n e r a l 
C o n t r a c tin g 
S m a ll o r la r g e lob 
Fre e E st im ates ii I loos 

IS Y r ! E xp e rie n c e on Cem eesttien 
G ra v e l 
H I ' I i i , 
Reef 
R A M IR E Z 

Sewing Machine 
Repairs-Service 

G u a r a n i* ? * ) R e p a ir S e r v ic e 
A ll 
M o k e s Fre e re sh op estim ates 
M ZJ W est A v * . 344 9471 

S H E E T R O C K 

 p ? h e e ^ ^ O u n ^ ™ T o p ir T T o a 7 T T h 
A co u stic a l C eilin g M o n te rre y Tex 
Io n * 7351841 
(T a p in g F l o a t in g T e x t o n e a n d 
A u > y s b £ a ^ ^ e ()y o n u b lJ ^ U 4 ^ )o 2 4 _ 

Tree Service 

A I T R E E T R I M M I N G 
T R E E S 
C U T - T R IM M E D H A U L E D A W A Y 
F ie * E st 
Reliable M en 
53? 8687 
532 1847 J 

IO O ld g ra fte d p e c a n tre e s tu be t r im m e d o n d p r e p a ir e d 
I r o n s planted gu ara nte ed only lr the m o of Ja n a n d Fe b w ithin B e x o r C o 
$2495 OO ond up $6oo oo dow n bai or dei 435 oo81 

T R E E S Cut T rim m e d Hooted Fre e 
E st J E S S IE 41? 7758 417 8o76 
T R E E S C U T T R I M M E D H a u le d 
F re e 
E st 
I7 3 A 3 o 6 2 H 
Reliable 
696 o4o8 

T R E E S . H E D G E S Cut T rim H a u l 

T V R e p a ir s -R e n ta ls 

F re e est T V R e p a ir 7 d a y s 

Upholstery Refinishing 

C o l li n s ( j p h o i s i e ^ ^ j f f e ^ A f i T a 
TO 
D isc o u n t on A ll F u b n c s a nd 
V in yls 
Coll F o r Fre e E stim a te s 
2216*21 . 

Y A R D W ORK 

 mg. housing 
9 7 3 J j l 5 ^ ^ H trees tr lim ned 

D e p e n d a b le Y a rd m a n , I l a * * * 
Beds. Light Haul. Genera* deanino 
726 646 1_________ 
L a w n *! Cut t r im m e d E d g e d 
Leaves Vacuumed 
Call Anytime 
5 3 1 * 6 1 $ _________________ _________ 
LAW NS, T r e e s LO TS ( I E ANF fj 
C O L LE G E 
S T U D E N T 
C A LL 
611 o567 
__________ 
Trees Law ns H edges nd Hauled Reasonable 
Yr im mea 

^ ^ H V W 
' T g T 

532 574S, B 
H 
I 
Y A R D W O R K T R E E T R I M M I N G 
F E R T I L I Z I N G S p r a y in g fa r in ­ sects R e ason able p ric e * ( E l 1142 

For extre cash, tell that mower . . , now I 

Coll 2 2 5-1 666 

 m m i 

& SLUMBER 
COMPANY 
F A t M K S SPICIAIS 
6 '/ i ’* 4 V ," pasta 

 s« h ; . . . ' -------- $2.3o sa. r * 4 n " pasts 
R M ts 
$2.45 aa. 
I t t a aa. barb w k # 
$16.9$ ro ll 
Corr, iro n 
$19.95 sa. 
12* g al*, stool 
» o t « 
$27.95 aa. 
14' p a ir, stool p o t # 
$32.95 aa. 
BUILDERS SPECIALS 
2x4 proc ut No. 3 V t . . 794 aa. 
2x4 precut f ir 
894 sa. 
2x4 IO' thru 16' fir . . 114 ft. 
2x4 IO' am i 12' YE . . . 94 ft 
4 x t 7 /1 6 rough textured I " OC $7.95 aa. 
12x16' lap sdg. rouah textured 2 o ta 4 ft. 
4xo ta " BC plyw ood, smooth 2 sides . 
$11.95 
4 x $ % mm 
*— ■/ 

ANTIQUES 

914 ism 

 smooth 2 sides $12.95 aa. 
4 x lt a ” CD s h o p .. . $5.45 aa. 
A U TOP QUAUTY STOCK 
ONI STOP CENTI! 
CAS 
LUMBER CO. 
4 6 4 7 R O O S E V E L T 

( 5 1 2 ) 9 2 4 - 8 5 5 6 

Superior Antique Show 

1st Anatta! Southwest Heritage 
BENEFIT 
ANTIQUE 
SHOW SALE 
Jo n u o ry 14 th ru IO rn. a S a t., Noon-9 P.M. 
S u n d a y , M o a n -o P .M . 
A d m issio n $ 1 ; C h ild re n SOC 
C O N V E N T IO N CENTER ta re # selection a# furniture, 
«*f», p rim itiv e s, f la t s , c h in a , silv e r, je w e lry , b ro n co s , d o lls a n d co lle c ta b le s. 

I 

Phil Echevarria 
Stanley Helmke 
Raul Perales 
SAY 
C all O r See Me A l 

W H O L E S A L E - R E T A IL 
"D e p e n d a b le Since 1935" 
4o7 N. Z a rz a m o ra . 432 7881 

R E D U C E D d is p la y m od 12* 16 p o rt bldg F re e del., te rm s. 311 6188 
R e p o s s e s s e d 8 x 1 6 H o ld o ft it 7 
Term s, tre e d e liv e ry 924 5oo3 

 a 
Rough Yellow Pine a 

HIMBER 
•G O O D L U M B E R 
•G O O D L E N G T H S 
2 * 6 
......................................1 9 'J C L F 
2 * 8 
............................................. 2 /c L F 

DITTMAR LUMBER 
• 
5oo S e g u in R d , 226-3141 
• 

9B5 PBHTA8U BUILDINGS 

D om a ae d d iscou n te d 1ox16. )o*?o, 
12x?( O ffices F re e del., 92-t o.12o 
D o m fre e d 8x h eavy duty v .'i 4x4* 

, 8x1o, flo o rs 
1ox1o, 1ox12 
F re e del 

F a c to ry 2nd reduced 12x1o slo ro o e b ldg F re e del te rm s . 684 1236 
N e w , S h in c y p e r fe c t 8x8 to r d am ag ed p ric e 
T e rm s tre e del 
9 >4 5oo3 •______________________ 

PORTABLE BUILDINGS 
6 X 8 ...$ 2 9 5 
8 x 1 o .$ 3 9 6 
O th e r s ir e s a v a ila b le 
Q U A L I T Y C O N S T R U C T IO N 
H e ovv-O utv F lo o r Includ ed 

DITTMAR LUMBER 
5oo S e g u in R d .________226-3141 
P o rta b le B u ild in g s m o ve d bv M o r non B onded 653-8111. 
S P E C IA L I Used 12x24 p o rt offices 
Term s, free d e riv e ry 7.12 ii7 1 

Used D am a ge d 12x24, 12x4o bldgs y r. end clo s e o u t p ric e s 
T e rm s , d e liv e ry . 653 81 11__________________ 
T F X TO M E T A L P O R T A B L E B ldg 
In s id e p a n e le d v in y l flo o r fu lly w ired . I lig h t llx tu re 341 6726 
1ox1* Soles O ffic e 
F in is h e d , w ith 

A N T IQ U E A U C TIO N 
C om ing S unday. Ja n 9, I JO 
G a ry 's A n tiq u e A uctio n House 
L ock h a rt, Tx - C oll 398-37o1 
A N T IQ U E R ockola Ju keb ox, 
78 re co rds 736 o695 

T w in, F u ll, Queen, K ingsize 
S O LID BRASS H E A D B O A R D S 
824-492$ 
3123 B ro a d w a y 

BESS’ ANTIQUES 
MSO Old Seguin Rd , *6! 55*4. 
B U K H A R A RUG , J 4 'X 6 'l' 
Call o tte r 
-,. 426-4538 
$ 1,2 o o . 

 g u y S E L L A P P R A IS E 
Best P rice s P aid fo r A ntiques 
P H IL W IL L B O R N 
TOWN A C O U N T R Y A N T IQ U E S 
824-2749 
36o9 B ro a d w a y 
735 2414 

CHOPPING BLOCK 
P ro b e A ntiques, 2934 A ustin H w y 
E n g lis h H u tc h s ta in e d g lass pan cts, beveled m irro rs 828-3944 
It y o u h a v e A n tiq u e s , J e w e lr y , 
D iam onds, S te rling . G old or O rlen tai Rugs to sell, y o u 'll get the Best 
P ric e fro m San A n to n io ’s Finest 
Shop 
Regency Antiques 
M rs. B re n n e r, 822-544o. 342-5o7o 
Im p o rte d a u th e n tic su it ot a rm o r, life s iz e , 2 m e te rs ta ll. E n g ra v e d w ith fu n c tio n a l m o v in o p arts. Com p le te w ith s ta n d , m o u n tin g a n d sw ord. P ric e $12oo F u rth e r details w rite P.O. Box 562, In g ra m , Texas, 
78o25, or coll 367 2357, 

M IR R O R R E S IL V E R IN G 
TH E M IR R O R SHO PPE 
112o P a rk rid g e , 349 3489 
N F W A N D O LD Shop 4o5 W Ashby 
M o n y H e m s In c lu d in g P o in tin g s and P la n ta tio n Bells 

O ld D ic t io n a r y s ta n d , C h e r r y 
H o lltre e , D ru m T a b le . S h e ffie ld 
B iscu it Boxes, V ic to ria n Canes 
Pagenknjpt Antiques 
• 5 3 1 7 B r o a d w a y , 826 8222 • 

9o7 • FURNITURE 

K oroffcins D o w n to w n T h rift 
B asem ent, New a nd used fu rn itu re 
231 E C o m m e rc e, 227 6341 
LA C K S D IS C O U N T W A R E H O U S E 
Used F u rn itu re and A pp lia n ces 
943 C O L IS E U M DR 
225 7444 
M A H O G O N Y D rop L en t tab le . S8‘,, 
L a te 4o's RGA C O N S O L E ra d io phono, $75. E m b osse d le a th e r fop side table. 5 IO. 8,'8 7178 
5-ptece L iv in g Room . $119 95 Com p le te b e d ro o m s u ite 
$199 95 h idea bed. 5129 95 

FAWCETT FURNITURE 
414 D olorosa 
227-6512 

9o9-PAWN BROKERS 

SOUTHERN JEWELRY CO. 

E S T A B L I S H E D 19o4 
VYE B U Y & S E L L 
D IA M O N D S 
P L A T I N U M 
G O LD 
S IL V E R 
A P P R A IS A L S 
M A D I 
ON 
J E W E L B Y F O R 
IN S U R A N C E 
P U R P O SE S A N D E S T A T E S 
125 A LA M O P LA Z A 
??6 i4?4 

912 FLEA MARKETS 

SAN A N TO N IO 'S 
L a r g e s t I n d o o r 
FLEAMARKET 
E v e ry S a tu rd a y Sunday 
N o rth W est S tinppina Center 
<4oo B lo ca F re d e ric k s b u rg Rd 
B ock Side Of C enter 
FOR IN F O or RESE R V A T IO N S 
341-7337 

OPA’S ANTIQUES 
22o3 S. H a c k b e rry 
O R IE N T A L tilt top table b lack lac briered w ith M o the r of P e a rl inlay 
G E R M A N sid eb o ard, long leo! vet lo w p in e . b e v e le d g lo s s d o o rs . 
D a u g h try A ntiques. 4*4 o344 
O R TH O P H O N IC V IC T R O L A Beau tifu l case, p la y s p e rfe c tly ! A skin g 
535o cash 733 o9o7 

P H IL M O R A N , 734-5668 
A P P R A IS E B U Y S E L L 
L IC E N S E D E S TA TE 
L IQ U ID A T O R R E F E R E N C E S 
4 piece b ed ro om su ite, m a h og an y 
O rie n ta l ru g s 
I v o r y h o n d in la id s ilv e r boo ken d s. F u rs M is c e llo n eous a n tiq u e B rie A B ra r 
319 W 
E lsm ere. 8?8 3375 

Q U E E N ’S ANTIQUES 
28o9 F i O dem k s b urq 
H ours 
9 5 
R are K ew pie D oll and 
P re W ar P o rc e la in Dolls 
JU D Y S G E N E R A L STORE 
528 E x e te r 

 r e s t a t e " ! 

SA LE 

A Jc 
A M 

Complete contents of home and 

 garage. 43 years accumulation and 

 collecting. Sofa, chairs, marble top 

 bibles, leaded glass music cabinet, dining table, 6 chairs French Vie toriqn dining chairs, oval china 

 cabinet, Gone With the Wind lamp, hanging brass Victorian chandelier, cranberry 
Hobnail shade, 

Grandfather chime clock, round oak table, 4 chairs, Early pine k it­ chen cabinet, MUCH MOUE) 3 gold 

 coins, glass, china, brie-a brae. No 

Children please. 831 Rigsby. Sun 

Jan. 16, 1-6. Daily 1o-5 till sold. 
Maxine Gray in charge. J 

R a il Top D e sk 4 
5, C h a ir $135, 
W n i iq D r - 1 ; j, 924 9186 

R olltop Desk. (4o D ra w e rs ) 
Oak T able, (44 Inches) 
A N T IQ U E C O TTA G E , 5o8 D allas 
San M a rco s A ntiq u e A uctio n House 
N ext A uctio n W E D ., Jan 26,7 .3o 
For D e tails: 398-37o1, L o c k h a rt 
G a ry F in g lem on , TxGS-77 o386 
See 18th C e n tu ry p o rc e la in s to be d isplaye d bv leading W illia m s b u rg d e a le r d u rin g A n tiq u e s F o ru m in 
Feb In d u c e d a re C hinese E x p o rt 
S evres, W h ie ld o n W e d gw o o d 
Dr 
W all W orcester 
D e rb y , and Leeds 
Also cle a ra n ce of ch in a o fte r 183o. 
L ib e ra l d e a le rs d is c o u n ts 
N e a r 
A u s tin M u n ic ip a l A u d ito riu m 
R 
Clousen, 512 441 3974. 
Set of 12 o rn a te ly c a rv e d d in in g ro o m c h a irs . C a rv e d d in in g ta b le w ith six 14" le ove s - m a y be sold s e p a ra te ly . P a ir o f b ra s s s in g le beds. B ro ss a nd Iro n ca no py bed, orn ate . R ound oak d ining tables. 
Iceboxes 
H A R T 'S A N T IQ U E S 
S abinal, 988-2733,- open w e ekd a ys, o il day S at.; Sunday a fte rn oo n 

SUNSHINE 
Resilvering & Beveling 
947 A shby 
___________ 735 3196 
T A IL E N D A N T IQ U E S 
In Colonies M o ll 
MCCOY C O O KIE JA R S 

8 th A n n u a l 
ANTIQUES SHOW 

J A N U A R Y 22-23 
M U N I C I P A L A U D I T O R I U M 

H ours S atu rd ay 1oAM 8PM 
S unday 12NOON 6PM 

A superb A ntiques Show of tw o 
C e ntu rie s ot the D e c o ra tiv e A its 
Q u a lity D ealers 

1713-249-3163 

Different Drummer 
A ntiques-A ccessor ie s-C ollectables 
1o2o TO W N S E N D , 826-3764 
________ A L A M O H E IG H T S 
To Sell y o u r A ntiq u es 
O NE A N D A L L 
H ere s the n u m b e r tor you to c a ll' 
633 26oo, 633-o34o (cash p a id ) 
___________ J IM L IS T E R 
W a ln u t A n tiq u e E x e c u tiv e d esk 
((7x66) w ith c h a ir E x c e lle n t condi hon 4495. Coll 4vq 6o3o 
W A N T E D 
'76 R e e d & B a r to n 
C h ris tm a s c ro s s 
W ill p a y a b o v e re ta il value 494-2o72 

922 ■ MUSICAL IRSTROMtWtS 
922 MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS 

DACBERT’S 
INVENTORY CLEARANCE 
N e w a n d U s e d O r g a n s 

U se d o rg a n s fa m o u s b ra n d s : lo w r e y , H a m m o n d , K im b a ll, 

W u rlitz e r as lo w a t ................................................................ 
$ 1 4 9 . 5 o - 
N e w Thom as K o m b o O rg a n Reg $ 9 9 8 — C lo s e o u t a t $ 5 9 $ 

N e w K im b a ll 8 o , Reg. $ 1 o 2 - / — S ale $ 8 6 3 
N e w S p in e t P ianos fro m $ 6 9 8 . 

A fe w used U p rig h t a t $ 2 9 8 as is. Plus m a n y o th e r p ia n o 

 a n d o rg a n values. 
DACBERT’S M u s ic P l a z a 
NORTH— 8 3 3 $ W alsem Rd. 
6 5 4 - AAA I 
8oUTM — 1 4 o o Magalitos , 
3 3 3 -o 1 8 1 

916 MTS. CRAFTS. IMPORTS 

O R IG IN A L O il a n d G o ld L e a l 
P o in tin g s , fro m S pa in A la b a s te r 

918- COINS I JEWELRY 

D o ctor * In ve stm e n t G ro u p is in ter ested in bu Vina coins, stom ps, ro lls , 
4d, F ra n k lin M in ts , t is 
Vogt, 736 7o79 p ro o fs , pele 
C ontact Dr 
L a d y 's W h ite G o ld w a tc h 

— i i - 
92o CAMERA PHOTO EQUIP 

/e t 

Korn O m ty a R apid IOO w ith <W)mm 
F j.S terr* C o m p le te ly equ ip pe d w ith till oc ce$ Bor ie * SS SO V23 27o1 

922 MUSICAL HftTRMttMT! 

— : ORGANS 
PIANOS 
9 
S i HAMMOND 
EVENT! 
~ SS 
S S 
RODGERS 
KAWAI 
S S 
SS 
CABL I NEESON ; 2 

= 
H e w F r o m $ 4 9 5 j s j 

 s 
U $ * d F r o m $ 1 9 5 
S S 

Z I 
425 N M a in 
224-5526 
“ 
W end#dead. 
7324259 : S S jjjj 
North S tar 
344-o248 

= H H H II IN H U M U S 

NAVARRO PIANO CO. 
N e w K o h le r a n d 
C a m p b e ll S p in e ts 
$ 7 9 5 
Cheese from liadtiionoi, 
Holton fronncioJ french frovuuw! ami 
Soonish 
Oak 
DUO MT 
Floy## 
Fie not Knobby Rosewood sguoit 
Grand bkt nee Spinel style Fionas 
Hit* Na* horn $ 4 9 $ 
N K W V is c o u n t 
I l e c h ro n ic O r g a n a 
S h o p w it h i m a n d l a v a l a w O v e r h e a d 
N A V A R R O 
PIANO CO. 
1 7 o 2 N . C O L C H A D O 
73 4 -6 4 6 3 

932 AUCTtOR SAU 

A L L A N T I Q U E A U C T I O N 
Sunday - January 1 6 - 1 :3o PM 
26o1 S. HACKBERRY 
A Supe# Mica Ovalit y Antique fu rn itu re Auction Sa te ll 
Sex w l p a t- al (meta (tau Man baa* (Wa taw ii Sa* t w o Oatkt STAINED alas* 
Aaa* tack** 'atonal Aba t a m amt Aawrvaa I M N 'atonal N a tali# ami aa* 
■att af (W it. rn tam lexeta Hatton lop -a t* iran to Sftat* laylnk ta4*aaai tai 
Sa.moi (tau a# to amari 4 ai earn aaa taunt Si tonal natal I natal aaa aam -at Si 
Iota eta andia* a h Mata (rata ta——a nick tan 6 a* man aionial deck) I -allot ttam Oat ta(at taaktam Saaaral at atar a* Sn. oil wane at OKaraMf labial fta mail want aal pnaatiaa tarnal tot* aw tam aaa*. 4 labial it atlanta Snail at (la ii a at a aaa I'm A 4*at I a* man wall katatia *cto*t fica to*#* MU Naatoiaab aaltW eta 

^ IN S P E C T IO N : I O A M S u n d a y u n t il S a le T im e 
John it Rowland Barnes 
5 3 2 -6 6 4 1 or 6 5 5 -3 4 4 1 

W e a c c e p t M e r c h a n d it e o n C o n s ig n m e n t ] 

T X O C - 7 7 - o 2 9 3 

 c 
D O G S — PETS DCE) 

938 • WSS-CATR-BifflS PETS 
936 Bo68 CATS BIRDS PETS 

FOR FAST 
RESULTS .. 
Place Your 
Pet Ad Today! 

(AN 
Miss Moore 
2 2 5 -1 6 6 6 

A A A KC S M IN TZU PUPS 
M oles, Fem ales, Shots. 342-7o3o. 
A F R IC A N G R A Y P A R R O T , young, ta lk s , to m e , p e rfe c t p e t 
S e rio u s in q u irie s only, $65o 342 5847 
A F T E R C H R IS TM A S S ALE I! 
P O O D LE S 545-UP 
Jones Poodel Shop Seguin I 379 oo12 
A KC A D O R A B L E S A M O Y E D 
P uppies, re d uce d 923-2438 
A KC A fghan, ch. s k e d B lack M ask 
G old A du lt m ole. 684 4654______ 
A K C A fg h a n H ound p u p p ie s 
O fter 5:3o, 927 696o. 
•A K C A F G H A N S * 
S everal C olors, 344-728o oft. 6 p. rn. 
AKC A F G H A N S . C ham p Lines 

A KC B AS S ET H O U N D S, W o rm ed , 
575-51oo. I 379-2o44 Seguin 
A KC B lack Lab R e trie v e r P uppies, 
Reg *48 o835. ____ 

A K C Trl-C oH ie P uppies, re g is te re d 
SSO a piece D ays 78o 74 78 E ven in gs 
5*3-3o8? 
K enedy. 6o m ile s S 
San 
Antonio. 
• K C W e tm a ra n e r Pups. 5125 2 year m ole, 575. C hom p s ired 696 8S?J 
A KC Y O R K IE PUPS, Stud S ervice 
_________ 735 6851, 734-273o 
B e a u tifu l B la ck G re o t D ane Pups, 
AKC Reg 494 2525, 653 3775 
B e a u tifu l B lo c k C o c k e r S p a n ie l puppies 7 w ks, P u re b re d 333 5o23 
BEST IN SHOW L IN E S 
W IR E FO X T E R R IE R P U PS 
CH STUD S E R V IC E 655-9244 
B la ck Toy Poodle 6 w ks, A KC Reg 
69o 9336 dites 494 1621 days 
B o s to n T e r r ie r s We re H a p p y . 
H e a lth y , a n d L o o k in g fo r a B est 
F rie n d 653-6736. 

C h am pion S ired W e im a ra n e r Pup pies E le m e n d o rf 1-393-6754 
Ch. S ired W e im a ra n e r Pups 
344 3733 
C O CKER G R O O M IN G , o v e r 2o y rs expe rie n ce. Reasonable. 494-5651 
D a c h s h u n d P up p y 
B ro w n 734 8319. 
3 m os , m a le 

*» D oberm an ’ * G erm a n S hepherd 
P uppies $5o. 622 3359 

AKC PIO*', : 
'.gel- 
Si u tile! P ups. 5 w ks, M aies, fem ales 653-86o5 o ft 6 p m ._____________________________ 
AKC BOSTON T E R R IE R PUPS 
Stud S ervice, 344-8ooo 
A K C B r it t a n y S p a n ie l P u p p ie s . 
G re a t as pets or h un ting $75 m oles 
$5o tem ples. I 379 84o8. 
A KC C ham pion s ired W e im a rn n e r 
P uppies $75. 653 74o9. 
A K C C H A M P IO N 
I r is h 
Puppies, $75. 661 814o. 
AKC Cocker B uff m ale, IO mos. $65. 
532 13o4. 
AKC C O CKER PUPS 
633 2729 

A K C D o b e rm a n , te rn a te , 8 w k s . 
1125, 674-5678 
A K C D o b e rm a n p u p s , t a ils c u t w o rm e d SIPP 333 75o3 
A K C E n g lis h C o c k e r S p a n ie ls , 9 w eeks Pet, show. $85 673 o894. 
AKC G erm a n Shepherd P uppies Ch. 
B loodlines 8-5 227-8911 o r 1-625-3458 
A K C G e rm a n S h e p h e rd , 3 y r s 
Obed. T ro ln e d . $15o, 433 o665. 
A K C G o ld e n R e tr ie v e r P u p p ie s 
$1oo, w o rm e d , shots, 658-2539. 
AKC G O LD E N R E T R IE V E R S 
______________ 684-3778_____________ 
A KC H A R L E Q U IN G R E A T D A N E 
P U P P IE S 641 1263 
A K C Iris h S e tte r P u p s , fie ld and 
Show, 655 9192. 
AKC Iris h S etter, shots, w o rm e d , 9 m os $1oo 224 9736 
AKC Lob P u ps, 3 m ales, 4 fem ales, 
736-o225 
AKC M ale Iris h Setter $1oo, I y r Ch bloodline, b efore 5 69o 8872. 
AKC M ale S ib erias husky, re d and w h ite , b lu e e y e s , 69o o799, FO R 
STUD S E R V IC E 
A K C M in. S c h n a u z e r, m a le , $1oo 
W orm ed D iste m p er series s ta rte d 
675 o397. 
AKC M in Schnauzers 
681 3693 o fte r 6 w e ekd a ys 
A KC Pug 6 w ks 
653 3339 a tte r 5 
AKC Reg. C a irn T e rrie r P uppies 
658 7168 
AKC Reg fe m a le D o be rm an P uppy 
5 mos. A ll shots, e ars cro p pe d ta ll d ocked 5175 534 9751. 
A K C 
R e g G o ld e n 
698 2214 o fte r 6 p.m . 
R e t r ie v e r s 

A K C Reg. L a b R e trie v e r s 
4PM 349 1o6o 

A KC Req Sable qnd W hite C o llie *. 2 m o s o ld . 
C o il N e w B r a u n f e ls 
625 1123 o fte r 6 

A K C S h e ltie P u p , m o le , w e ll m a rk e d shots, $1oo 342 2994 
AKC S ib erian H u sky F o r Stud Ser vice B la ck and W hite B lue E v e is 
681 2oo9 
A KC S ilve r G re y W e im a ra n e r Pup pies 
Ch 
B lo od lin es 
655 64o4; 
735 5842 

A KC ST B E R N A R D Pups $125 and up 494 27*3___________ 
A k £ St B e rn a rd P u p p ie s , P re tty m a r k in g s , 
8 w e e k s . 
SI? 392 74oo A tte r 5.3o PM 
5125 

D o b e rm a n P in s c h e r M a le 
G ood w atch dog M u st Sen, 337-767o 
E n g lis h F 
- s - r , J y r n k i te m .ii. 
1 re- '■ .mod hom e A tte r 5. 673 t r R E E 
M ale Iris h S e tte r. O re 5 ca t 
Old Coll 654 o953 

S o n A n t o n io E X P R E S S - N E W S — 
S a t u r d a y J a n u a r y 1 5 1 9 7 7 
★ 
P a g e I 1 -E 

D e a t h N o t ic e s ! 

1o1 DEATHS 

IQI 
DEATHS 

BAKER 
M rs. Ida M ae B a ke r, age 89, passed aw ay T h u rs d a y , Jon. 13, 1977. B orn in T e m p le. Texas, M rs. B alker re ­ sided in Son A ntonio 64 ye ars. She Is s u rv iv e d by one g ra n d s o n . B ru c e 
B a in o f L u fk in , T e x a s ; I g r a n d ­ d a u g h te r , 
B a r b a r a 
B a in o f 
B eaum ont; son-in-law , A E. B ain of 
San A nto n io ; to u r g re a t g ra n d c h il­ dren. S ervices; I t OO a m . S atu rd ay at Southside F u n e ra l H om e Chapel w ith M r. W o lfe r R ow e o ffic ia tin g . 
In te r m e n t, R o s e la w n M e m o r ia l 
P ark. D ire c tio n ot 
6boutf)*ibe 

A S O ! S F lo r e . 

F R E E TO G ood H o m e - F e m a le d og, 6 m o., g ood w ith kids. 681 2691 
F R E E lo good hom e, sm a ll m ixed breed dog, I y r 656-6266 a tte r 6 3o or 656 oo61. 
F u ll b loo d ed G e rm a n S h e p h e rd s, 
M ates, $5o. fem ales, $45. ph i U6., 
G olden R e trie v e r Pup 8 mos 
648 1529 
G o ld e n R e tr ie v e r P u p p ie s A K C 
Reg 
C h am pion ship b loodlines 
6/3-o286. 
_____________ 
G ood H om e fo r Tw o H ouse b oo s, 
C h ih u o h u a 
F e m a le H a s B e e n 
S p a y e d 2 y r s o ld . M a le H o lt 
C hihuahua, H o lt T e rrie r 5 y rs old. 
D o g H o u s e G oe s W ith 
T h e m 
223 2981 Day 661 54o? N ig h t W ill Not 
S eparate 
G re a t D ane P uppies, re g 
Faw n. 6 w k s , m a le a n d fe m a le $2oo. a nd 
$25o. I 991 2122 or I 939 3661, (w o rk ) 

GREAT DANES 
C ham pion sired 1-755 4696 
GSA O w ner H a n d le r Club Classes. 
P uppy Obed. 8 I? w ks B asic In te r m ediate. S ta rts Jan. !9th 673-46o3; 
34? 8o88. 
J A P A N E S E A k ita P u p p ie s 
A K C . 
$2oo Up. 674 4129.__________ 
L IK E S P O TS ??? D a lm a tia n P up pies. 661-7ooo __________ 
M ale M in Poodle F o r Stud S ervice in 
E xcha n ge of 
P ick of 
L itte r 
923 2515. 
__________________ 
M o le Reg, E n g lis h B u lld o g , F a w n a n d W h ite , IO m o s o ld , $25o. 
826 3173 a tte r 6pm. 
M u s t sell Redbone doon H ound, $75. to good hom e only C all 655-4o58 to r in fo rm a tio n 

O B E D IE N C E CL ASSES by C ity 's o n ly A K C lic e n s e d G e rm a n She p h e r d D o g C lu b 
R e g is tr a t io n 
T h u rs Jo n 6th. 1977, 7 
IO p rn. 
T h u r s . J a n . 13, 6 
7 p m 
J o e 
F re e m a n C o lis e u m 
F o r in fo 
922 2197; 923 9354 

BARNES 
Jesse H a rro l B a rn e s . 65, o f 771o 
M a d on a, passed a w n y T h u rs d a y , 
Jon. 13, 1977 in tho V e te ra n 's h osp i­ tal in K e rrv ille , n a tiv e of C h ristin a , 
T e x a s a nd s e rv e d th e A rm y A ir 
F orce fo r 14 ye ors. a m e m b e r of the 
F irs t B ap tist C h urch in Son A ntonio. 
S u rv iv o rs : T h re e s iste rs, M rs . A. L. 
(L o re n a ) M a l. o a r , San A n to n i" 
M rs. C R (C o p to!o! B a rre tt, F re s ­ no, C a lif. and M rs. N elite M a this of 
A lic e , T e x a s ; one b ro th e r, K. A 
(Ik e ) B arnes, of S om erset, n u m e r­ ous nieces and nephew s. S ervices 
S aturday. Jon. 1$ af IO: OO a.m . fro m 
H u rle y F u n e ra l H om e in P le a s a n ­ ton, b u ria l w ill fo llo w at C h ris tin e , 
T e x a s w ith 
B ro . 
L e s 
M a r t in o ffic ia tin g . A rra n g e m e n ts by 
H U R L E Y F U N E R A L H O M E 
P leasanton, Texas 

BASSET 
H a rry S tephen B asset, J r., of SOO 
G entlem an Road, A pt. 3o7, passed a w a y J a n u a ry l l , 1977 a t a lo c a l hospital a t the age of 86 ye ars S u r­ v iv e d bv w ife, M rs . Helen B osset; sons, 
John 
P h illip 
B asset of 
E l paso, te x a s and R ic h a rd S herwood 
B a s s e t o f 
N e w 
H o lt, 
C a lif . ; dau gh ter, M rs. Susan B asset A bb o tt o f P o o le , E n g la n d ; a ls o e ig h t g ra n d c h ild r e n . F u n e ra l s e rv ic e s w ill be held i t a m . S a tu rd a y a t Oak 
H ills C h a p e l. G ra v e s id e s e rv ic e * w ill be h e ld a t l l a rn. M o n d a y , 
J a n u a r y 17, 1977, a t F o r t S am 
Houston N a tion a l C e m e tery. A rro n . gem ents w ith 

Walt 9 M b 
U t * 8ro4cw tokxW g 
BBB-T111 

O LD E N G LIS H S H E EP D O G S 
AKC 434 7864 

P A R R O T 3 4 4 -2 o o 8 
P ure G e rm a n S hepherd P u p s, Va- rious ages o n d price s. 673-887o. 
R eg. Iris h S e tte r o n d c o m p a n io n 
$135 344 9773 
R E G . 6 M o old G olden R e trie v e r, ternate $3oo. 734 77o6 ask to r Chuck. 
S cotty pups, no papers. $45 a nd $5o 
AKC poodle (C hocolate m o le ) $75, 
699 o353. 
S iberian H usky, fem ale, 8 m os, $75 papers I 569 2Q51 
S ta n da rd Fox T e r r itr s . T in y UKC 
Toy Fox T e rrie rs Ch b re d 461-38o7 
TA TTO O dogs $3, I p rn Sun, Jan 
16 J o s k e 's NS C o v e re d p a r k in g 
B rin g AKC o r SS No. Into. 494 OPIO 
T o goo d h om e 
* P o o d le fe m a le pup- 
7 
Weeks, tails docked 
826 288? 
T rue M in 
D a chsh u nd P ups A KC 
Stud S ervice 696 158o 
W ANT AN AKC D O G 1 
5 A, Dog B re ed ers R e fe rra l S ervice w ill p ut you In touch w ith re p u ta b le b reeders 494 5945, 673 46o3 
W ant to B uy . C ock-a-poo P up C oll 
CoHect 1 995 3575 OVOi. 

 i t i t i t i t i f i t i i i t i t 6 i t i t i t i r i r 
4 
* 

RACE HORSES 
* 

922 MUSICAL IHSTRUMEWTS 

L a rg o S election of A ntia u e 
PLA YER PIANOS 
E D G A ID A S 
A U T O M A T IC M U SIC CO 
28o# N F lo re s 
733 1546 
M UST S E L L ' 
G ra nd P ia no 
K N A B E , R osew ood 
•at cond 734 5281 
P IANO S R E N T E D O ption to Buy 
NO L IM IT E D T IM E 
DACBERT s Music Plaza 
U T O N O G A in O S 
2216151 
5? 15 W A L /t M RD 
651 6661 
Rentals 
B und 
Both E a 

S ilve r P lo 'e d C oronet t" oh wood ( ton n e! e lle n! Cond 9?7 6365 

 sho Pud P e d a l stee l g u ita rs 
P ro 
111 and Single Ten m o a n s a v a ilo tilt' 681 o967 o fter 6 pm w e e k d a y 
V io lin , O ver IM y e a r* old m ode In 
1-4 i I* 

924 M i n i s, UBD!II 

D A M A G E D 8> 

925 MACHINERY TOOLS 

A IR C R A F T t A N D IN G 
48o2 RCLOSE V E L T 9? 
M A T ! 
! 5441 
1969 C hicago P nu e m atic 125 
A IR C O M P R E bS O R WH s id e m o u n te d to o lb o x e s , 
I 775 9 *7* Of w rite IOO I Aye 
Rio Texas 788)o 
C ra w le r dr 

D ie s e l t no der 
>hn D e e re F r o r u B ut k hoi m 7**5 

FORKLIFTS 
AH Sizes 

BAKV G R A N O P IA N O 
$5oo 6/1 781/______ 
O R G AN GOOL) CC 
W ill d e lly # ! C o lt: 
JN DI o ile d 
T 1o; 
D evin e o-**,* <»**. 
______ ____ 
• l L B w i * r c n r ^ ~ a T D ; o n “ 
. enc cond For tea ch er or a dva nce d student. 7?4 5526 
C la rin e t w ith case. J e a n K a r tie r , 
$5o 344 5746 O ffer 4pm 
C R IT C H !TT F IA N O So 
Ne Tim e L im it en R e nta ls 
K un io l P m i nu sa P lan 
I>o7 W W oodlaw n 
714 4*17 

K o iw a i Piano and 8«<Hh, 2o volume in s tru c tio n m u sic 
N ew $16o6 w it! sell tor WSO Com even in gs a tte r e 
656 o6o* 

BR A U S ACH E g u ip m e n l 736-1659 
H E IN W E R N E R C i f tra c k hoe i i I oo8, B a rb e r G reen 
T A IS elite h m g m a c h in e 
$16,ooo g o d v e n ee k e qu ip m e n t t f o iif r 
3 p i Ie, $18oo 
3 
Cl*It b u m p e r tro tte r SSOo ta i pgt an w h e e ls 
$5oo flo e k p o r t, 
I X 
) r?9 85,8 Of 7?9 64o) 
Line Mipe J ana 4 tile men* wound t ib e r g iu ^ im ,e g o , t U F I ro u n d threads. JO k»e.q*hs toe tor y re ifc H 
2?c ond 13c to RO Box 
IJJ, T n vtar* 
TX 76574. SI? JS) 6*2$ 
N S M m r ron.preS S O ri, tans" m oo nl- eel u n it w ith m o tor itlp $595 
Jhp 
M f4 . 5hp $795 
/ jh p 
$1o5o, )ohp 
$125o, IShp I SVS, JWip $2195, L a rg e r 
'note C all 494 IM I 

Ire s 
9 N FO R D TR A C TO R . SI 
A ll M , 5 995, F a rm A ll o v e rh a u l, n ew J p o in t lif t a tto rn m e n !, $ 1 3 *5 . M F *5 d ie s e l, n ew t ir e s , $2275, O liv e r 18o d ie s e l. 
$2375, l - l w ay p low s C a ll t o ile d 
$69 ?4??, b ites 74? JU ? 

I S J K w I l L u " M ein- L ath e w ith a cce s s o rie s 
4 y rs e ld good cond 
369 ?98o Of 349 "'49 
1*65 8o S e rie s C h e v ro le t T r a d a r w ith J jet D ove Tail. tow boy. an new tire s, ra m p s, sin gle axle ru n s good 
54ooQ 42o ?U46. M a rio n Te m 
. 

274 1741 

 s P ip e T h re a d ! 
Of rig ta 
I 997 SWI 
U sed P ig m b e i 
M a ch ine Qste 
RflRr tam - 
.. 
W s ilte d 
I RUCK SC AL i s 
6o feet 
5* ten CRH MS ie 5 417* 

W h itn ey A H A Q u o in a t e f !71o ten 
« 

 unch w ith to o lin g SJI OOO CMA1 tee) M fg Co 226 8171 

942 
• FARM 
SUPPLIES 
EQUIPMENT I 

F o r m a n C u b 197o M o d e l w ith m ow er and disc A 1 Cond *48 3o7? 
197* F o rd 3*oo Diesel T ra c to r, used about 14o h o u rs 1695o * ft * m Disc 
H a rro w , used a bout 3o h o u rs $45o 
337 8o32 O rn____________________ _ 
GOOO S E L E C T IO N 9N and 8N F o rd 
T fa c to r 
Fori 
, w ith new im ple m e nts. 3?o* 

4o1o 4o7o JO HN D E E R E 
D iesel 514 671 1 
1968 K W Cab o ver Tondem T ro c to r, 75o C u m m in * IO speed R o ad 
Ranger 651 8711____________ 

19*7 O liv e r 77o Diesel T ra c to r v 
3 pf hook up 
Good cond 
$3< 
AIS *765 
R O C * P IC K E R , h y d ra u lic C ttntrol lilt 73o1 NOttOhtOS 534 6 ? It 

THE TORGERSON CO 
739 Steves 
533 5145 
U S E D D IE S E L T R A C T O R S FO R 
SALE 
F o rd 671. F o rd 3ooo, F o rd 
5ooo, J D 3o1o. M F 18o, I H 5o4 w ith 4 ro w e q u ip m e n t 
E W A L D 
F O R D T R A C T O R 
IH IO H w y 44 
Seguin Tx 379 4591 
W o n t ti 
’g a to r 
7*o c a ttie t r a c e r iff 6 

"W hy leave your old un-needed stuff under cover? 
We can turn them into cash!" 

Coll 
225-1666 

R o d e o T it t ie 

IQI-DEATHS 

HENRY 
M r. G u y H e n r y , o f 7o3 D a n ie l, passed aw ay Jan. 13, 1977 In a lo cal hospital at the age of o7 ye ars. S u r­ v iv o rs : w ife , M rs. F a n n ie H e n ry , s is te r-in -la w , M r * . A n n ie T a tu m ; a ls o , n u m e ro u s n ie c e s a n d n e ­ p he w s. F u n e ra l s e rv ic e s w ill be held I OO p m . M onday at B ro o k e h iil 
C hapel w ith R ev. M a c B o rt* # of flc ia tin g . In te rm e n t w ill fo llo w in 
F o rt Sam Houston N a tio n a l Ceme­ tery. A rra n g e m e n ts w ith 

9 r a a k r b i U 
711 S. S. M ilita ry O r. 
923-7$7j 

H ILL 
C h a rle s W 
H ill, a g e 5o. o f je t * 
V ie w e d * D r iv e , p a s s e d a w a y 
T h u rs d a y , Ja n 
13, 197? 
F u n e ra l services IO 45 a m . M onday in M i* slon P a rk F u n e ra l C h a p e l, in t e r ­ m ent to fo llo w in F o rt Sam Houston 
N ational C em etery bv 

METCALF 
M r Hugh E d w a rd M etcatf Sr., 57 a1 
H o u s to n T e x a s d ie d in th a t c ity 
J a n u a ry 17th. F o rm e r re s id e n t of 
San A ntonio S u rv iv o rs 
Wife, M rs 
L u c ille M e tc a lf 
H o u s to n , Tex sons, Hugh E. M etcotf J r., Houston, 
T e x ., M ic h a e l M 
M e tc a lf, C le a r 
Loke, Tex d aughters, M rs M icky 
(P h illis A nn e ) K e r r, C le a r L a k e , 
T e x., M iss M a ry M e tc a lt 
A u s tin , 
Tex., M iss L y d ia M e tcalt. Houston 
Tex , m other, M rs N in e L M e tcalf 
H ouston. T e x .; 4 g ra n d s o n s Ser v ic e s IO a rn. S a tu rd a y J a n u a ry 
15th 
S u n s e t 
F u n e r a l 
H o m e 
In te rm e n t Sunset M e m o ria l P o rk 

 s u n s e t s ; i n e t t i l 

H o m e 
17o1 Austin Hwy 828 2811 

(ii 

B ER TETTI 
M r. Gus A. B arre tt!, l i t Siesta Lane. d ie d F r id a y , J a n 
14, 1977. S u r­ v iv o rs : W ife, M rs. R e fua la B e rte tti; tw o la u g h te rs , M rs . R o s e m a ry B 
D o y le , M rs . L u c ille B. S m ith , I t g ra n d c h ild re n . R o ta r y S un d ay a t 
H o ly S p irit C a th o lic C h u rc h , 7 3o p rn. R equiem M ass M o n da y, H oly 
S p irit C atholic C h urch a t IO OO a rn. in te rm e n t in San F e rn a n d o C lin e to ry No 2. A rra n g e m e n ts by 
A N G E LU S F U N E R A L H O M E 
6o7 W 
Houston 
277 1461 

CLARKSON 
H e rb e rt Kelso C larkson, 4o, passed aw ay F rld o y in S ug a rla nd , Texas. 
F o rm e r re s id e n t of H o u s to n o n d 
Snn A ntonio, S ug a rla nd re s id e n t 9 veors. He was associated w ith the law firm o f P o lla n a nd N ich o lson , 
R osenberg, Texas M e m b e r of The 
F o rt B end B o r A s s o c ia tio n . S U R ­ 
V IV O R S : W ife , M rs 
F lo re n c e V 
C la r k s o n , 
S u g a r la n d , 
T e x .; d a u g h te rs . R u th L y n n C la rk s o n , 
M rs 
M a rg e ry C 
M ille r , b o th of 
H o u s to n ; s o n . E d w a r d S la y d e n 
C la r k t o n . H o u s to n ; g r a n d s o n , 
J im m y M ille r ; g r a n d d a u g h te r . 
C h ris ty M ille r , b o th o t H o u s to n . 
S E R V IC E S 
3:oo p m 
S a tu rd a y , 
F o re s t P o rk W e tth e lm e r F u n e ra l 
Chapel w ith The R ev 
M a u ric e M. 
B en ite z o tflc la tin a . In te rm e n t F o ­ rest P a rk W e sthe im er C e m e tery. 
FO R E ST P A R K 
W E S T H E IM E R F U N E R A L H O M E 
12*oo W estheim er at D a iry A sh fo rd 
Rd 
497-233o_______________ 

GONZALES 
M r 
B e rn a d ln o G o n z a le s , o f 923 
M c C a u le y , passe d a w a y J a n . 13. 
1977 In a local h o sp ita l a t th * a « * e l 
79 y e a rs 
S u r v iv o r s : W it* . M rs . 
M a rtin o G o n z a le s ; to n s . J o h n n y , 
Jesse, J o * a nd A r th u r G o n z a le s , d a u g h te rs , M rs . J o v ito C a s tllle ia , 
M rs . M a ry R o m ir tz , M rs . J u lio 
Cannon, M rs . C onnie P e lle tie r and 
M r s . C a rm e n V a ld e z . A lt o , 3o g ra n d c h ild re n ond St g re o t g ra n d ­ c h ild re n R o sa ry w as re c ite d I OO p m F rid a y a t B ro o k o h ili C hapel 
F u n e ra l p ro c e s s io n w ill d e p o r t 
B ro o k e h iil C hapel a t 9.3o a rn Sa­ tu rd a y fo r a to OO a rn. M ass at St 
J o to p h 't C a th o lic C h u rc h , S outh 
San 
In fo rm a n t w ill fo llo w in San 
Jose B u ria l P o rk 
A rra n g e m e n t* w ith 

B r u a k i b t l l tot OO S i fU re t 
9 2 3 -7 5 3 3 

LAZO 
M r. Justo Laze, to ts N B razos St., born In Laredo, M ex., Fen. 25, 19o4, entered re st T h u rsd a y, Jan l l , 1977 at the age of 72 years. M r Lazo had been a re sid en t of San A nto nio to r 55 ye ars. R o ta ry w as re c ite d In the 
M ax M a rtin e z Chapel F rid a y . Jan 
14. at 7:oo p rn. R equiem Moss w ill be o tte re d S a tu rd a y , J a n . 15. a t 
1o:oo a.rn tra m St. A gnes C atholic 
C h u rc h . 8o4 R u iz St . w ith R e v . 
H enry P lanlnsek. CSSP o ffic ia tin g 
C o nclud in g s e rv le ts w ill fo llo w in 
C h ap e l H ill M e m o ria l P a rk . S u r­ viv o rs 
W ile. M rs. A ta n a rta L azo ; d au gh ters, M iss E v a n g e lin o Lazo. 
M a rla G o n za le s of San A n to n to ; sons. John M anuel Lazo, Juan B or- rientes. both of H ouston, Tex., A n ­ to n io B a r r ie n te s o f W is c o n s in ; b ro th e r, J u lia n Lazo, 15 g ra n d c h il­ d re n, 14 g re a t g ra n d c h ild re n . S er­ vices u nd er the d ire c tio n of 
JR ttx J tta r ttn w 
3 o 1 S 1 N 
M a r t in 
7 3 7 - 6 1 * ’ 

MANGHAM 
M r B en ia m in F ra n k lin M a n gh am , 
Sr., age 66, of 221 E ast P v ro n , San 
A ntonio, Texas, p a s te d a w a y Jan. 
13, 1977, in K e n e d y , T e x a s 
M r . 
M a n g h a m , c n a tiv e o f T e x a s ond re s id e n t of San A n to n io 4o y e a rs , w as o m e m b e r of t h * M e th o d is t 
F aith M r. M a ngham , a re tire d d is ­ p a tc h e r a t th * C ity W a te r B o a rd , was a s e c u rity o ffic e r fo r P u ro la fo r 
S ecurity, Inc. S u rv iv o rs : W ife, M rs . 
M a ry L u c ille M a n g h a m ; to n , M r. 
Ben F 
M a n g h a m , d a u g h te r. M rs . 
R ondel B enner, a ll of San A n to n io ; m o th e r, M rs 
N a n c y M a n g h a m ; sisters, M rs . R o b e rt A n d ru s , M rs . 
Jones B y rd ond M rs C asey HOI land; b ro th e rs , J C M a n gh am and 
Jam es A M a n g h a m 
F u n e ra l s e r­ vices, I OO p m M onday, Southside 
F u n e ra l H om e C h a p e l, w ith R ev. 
John F lu th o ffic ia tin g In te rm e n t, 
M ission B u ria l P a rk . D ire c tio n of doutbeffte 

MOSELEY 
M rs. P a tric io L. M oselev of 4477 
W u rtb o rh « t! passed a w a y Ja n 
13, !?77 In a lot a l h osp ital a t the age of 77 y e a rs S u rv iv o rs 
D a u g h te r, 
M rs. M ild re d P auline L ittle to n , San 
A ntonio; s iste rs, M rs . L lo y d W est brook and M rs Sara C raig , both ot 
P in * B lu ff , A r k . , M r * 
G e o rg e 
At ra lig n m e n ts I W o o len M o d e ra , C a lif.; b ro th e rs , 
E dgar and T 
H. H a n k in s , both of 
! P ine B lu ff, A rk ; g ra n d c h ild r e n , 
M rs. L ind a P. F le tc h e r. F o rt W orth, 
Tex., M rs . L v n n e tt# jo h n s o n , San 
A n to n io o n d T. L e s lie L ittle to n 
L o n g v ie w , T e x .; g ro a t g ra n d c h it dren. Angel F rie d a and T ra c y L y le 
L ittle to n . L o n g v ie w , Tex 
F u n e ra l s e rv ic e s w ill be h e ld IO OO a rn 
M onday at O ak H ills C h ap e l w ith 
Rev. N a th a n Stone o ffic ia tin g In ferm e nt w ill follow in M ission B u ria l 
P ark N o rth A rra n g e m e n ts w ith 

MISMON P \K k 
FUNERAL CHAPELS 
I 7 oo S I M ilita ry Dr 

TO PLACE YOUR AD CAII Ms. MOORE 225 1666 

94o-LIVESTOCK FEED SEEDS 
94o IMSTOCK FEED SEEDS 

Newsj 

Want Ads— 

2 2 5 - 1 6 6 6 = 

F la m in g Jo# y e a r lin g Wily ou t a l T ina B ar 
W a n * , 
S I 
B S 
S to k e s 
P tta a d 
W in n e r e t e v e r 
$ * * OO 
T ina 
W a tc h 
A B A T . 
A O M A 
C h a m p io n 
It toro o f Wear t o n • Ton to Bara 
OUI i i toro o f aocanto d a m , b o ta ch a m p io n ru n n e r ! 
$ ? S O O 
Jot S m oo th tta llia n I y r tad in r a ta reclining 
R an 
2nU In g tay ra ce ta d a ta 
1st 
U a m is rn 
A A A 
Throe io ta 
M o ra . 
O n a d 
Stud h a w e d 
$ 5 o o o 
J a i talon. 3 yr. tad m elding, n e a r < 6 hand * o a t 
Of 
A A 
C a k to m ia 
K id 
TS 
M a r e , 
Itta d a m is a 
A A A 

M o re , w in ner a t o v e r 
P raxantoy In tra in in g 5 4 ) ___ b r. * a k e it J E B o th y . Son A n ­ to n io 6 9 4 -3 4 7 1 

C b o ro io i* C attle. Pure- B re d , B u "* . 
Cows. H e ifers, Calves I HT 2457 
3o6 C oncrete re in fo rc e d feed bunks, 
IO ft long 
SlO ea P icke d up ot fo rm in B ate sville , Tx. I 376-4327 
DUM G E L D IN G , ro p in g a nd gentle, 
'OO lbs. $7oo 649 I? I 7 
_________ 
E g y p tia n B re d A ra b at Stud $25o 
A ra bs 51oo o thers 656 oo3o 
E ne e lle n ! H a y . 
Buies 474 7o/1 no r a in , la r g e 

F A R M A N D RANCH S U P P L IE S 
Can D a ry l F lo w e rs 
FLO W E R S LS R CO . 333 4171 

F E LP S HORSE STOCK 
A NO G O O S E N E C K T R A IL E R S oles S ervice R e pa irs and T ra ile r 
!er.lois 
443o M w ; 9o E ast ( ( W W 
Vhite Rd ) 333 1*1 1 

F E R T I L I Z E D C O A S T A L H A Y , 
S to re d in s h e d 
S t OO a b a le 
S33-5145 A tter 4 end w eekends c a ll 
677 117o 
F e rtiliz e d C o a sta l o r Red Topped 
H ay. L a rg e bales $1 7$. IOO or m o r* 
SI *5 a bole I 42o 7858 

F E R T IL IZ E D JO H N S O N G RASS 
H A Y , in L orn $1 ?5 hoi# 8?6 114* 
Good gentle d a rk P a lo m in o gain mg w ith blaze taco Good noturec) 6 years old W ith tack. SOSA W estei o rp le a * u re 4*3 2?8I 

Good Sudan Hay F o r Sale 
431 o641 
M o le OC t a n d i h u lle r 69o 1258 c o v e r e d s to c k 

H A Y D e liv e re d 
I 6 *5 334) 1 997 3747 
MAY fo r sale 
Me g a r I, 4ooo bules 
1-669 4271, I 649 5771, I *49 4251 
H A Y to r sale h y b rid sudan No ra m 
Si 35 b a l* in b e r n 
N e a r 1*o4 n o rth w e st of San A nto nio 494-361* or 
874 o847 
H IG G IN S GRASS P AR M S 
M ixed B lu este m H ay $1 75 a b a t* 
Ne. I Red Top C a n * St OO a bale 
I 947 137o, t 947 3379 
H O R S E S 
B o a rd e d . 
B ro k e n 
T ra in e d E x t fa c ilitie s 
R e aso n 
Rates R igspy A ye 9?) OS73 o ft 5 
4 MORSE I B i 
FR 
2 a x le Si?® 
R o ckpo rt TX I - i n 153* ar 77* 64o 
JOHNSON GRASS MAY a t t t u t 
. t A SE'- H o rs e d w a te r 649 le s * 

L ike New B o rre l Saddle l l ) 1966 

Macdona Auction Sale 
E v e ry Sol 12 Noon, a ll kin ds ca ttle . sheep, g o a ts, h o rs e s 
13 m i 
5 W 
S A fo r m Rn ?173. M n rd o u a T» 
M o d e l 152 N e w H o lla n d p o rta b le g rin d e r m ix e r, $1175 I 37* 55 34 o ft dark 

New Year Specials 
P ento Posts 
I af Cree P ost* 
4x8 P e rla Posts 
6ft dom estic t posts 
I? ga b a rb w ire , a 
42 tw is t stays p e r C 

 s i 
Si6 so 
Si6 SO 
BARKER SUPPLY 
3143 SE M ilita ry D r SJI 6o11 
P A IN T G E L D IN G nu e ond gentle 
921 274o 
P o in t Shetland Pony. G entle SSO 

Phil Echavarria 
Stanley Helmke 
Raul Perales 
SAY "C A L L OR SEE M E A T ' 
Monett Lumber Co. 
W H O LE S A LE - R E T A IL 
"D e p e nd ab le Since iV IS " 
4*7 N. l o t /a m o ra , 437 78*1 
I Pontes, I P o in t S ht-hand stun 
R oan G eldin g 575 p a ir or b e t! atte 
I J 7*-5*51 

Q U A L IT Y H A Y - Sudan i i 4o bale lr b a m I 589 2491 
_____________ 

R A B B IT S F o r .ult' sum# p t-d'g re t 
Coll o tte r 5 3Q 333 6/o2 
T R E G IS T E R E D Longhorn b u ll* 
1-4J6 

R O B E R T E L l * 1 ME A L T M ~ 5 7 - 
C U P A TIO N S HORSE SHOW Jan 14 
OI A lz a ta r S hrine A re na Reg begins a t 9 a rn im to a t H u e b n e r I n t 
Into Call 344 o41] 
S addle, n e v e r used 
H a nd Tooled 
M o d e in F t 
W g rth s i l l c a s h 
*94 749* Of 174 4164 

SHALLOT ONION 
G lo w e r s W o n te d 
T n * y M u ltip ly p ro d u c in g a c re w o r th $6ooo to 
SI5.OoQ Should ptont now 7)3 113/ 

$1 IS- $1 SO 
SUDAN H A Y 
*11 4947 
T ro d e o r S e ll. 4 H o rs e T r a ile r 
D eluxe Type AOM A R o llw a y M o r# t i y r old E x t size a nd c o n tirm a lio n 494 71*o 
1 47* 27*5 
T R A IL R ID E R S 
Lady s 2 y r old 
Appaloosa Gelding w in saddle 5(oo 
Man * J yr old A ppaloosa G eldin g w ith saddle 52*o Child * pony w ith saddle $75 S I) 5 *H 
W a n t to b u y cow a nd c a ll p o i reasonable 47o 2/vQ A tt • 
9 ye ar old re g iste re d q u a rte r m a re to p w e s te rn p le a s u re h o rs e na foults $1ooo Coli UH 2187 
IS, I y r eld B eefalo Cows fro m the 
R a n c h e t the B e d o lt, D e v e lo p e r 
B re d t* B e e fa lo and e th e r B iso n h y b rid b ulls. 12 good young B ra h m a 
Cross cows b re d I* B eefalo B ulls 
C e lv ts a t sld# I. J w a y p a cka g e 
Ranch, Johnson C ity I 66* 7794 San 
A nien te 341 1939 V is ite r* w elcom e 
Ie view Bison Cress A n im a l* at the ra n ch 
J y r aid Mote-, ge n tle , pleas*. h o r eg. $3o8 *49 I ft 7 
J Y r O 'n Welsh G eldin g 5125 
* 5 1 2 t iL 
_ _ ----------------JLS Lizz:------------- 
4 y r p u re b re d ' j F re n ch ( n or a lai 5 b u ll 
Ur lb 655 7*2o 4*4 544? 

 jGregt cAmebean 

. b a r g a i n 
WANT ADSI ' 

1o3 FLORISTS * FLOWERS 
LITTLE FLOWER SHOP 
N ew L o ca tio n 1oo5 N 
Z o rra m o ra 
Open S undays, 73M 221 
711 1114 
S prays SS up Casket S prays $7o up 
Rose* A rra n g e m e n t $1$ Dozen 

$9o1 I Floret 
* 2 3 6 1 3 * 

Wok m b 
M I * Frederickxburg gge t o l l 

1o4 FUNERAL DIRECTUM 

K iy h t n o w is a ye 

 to O il fo r OU' b 

It s ite e 
Just (>hoi 

2 2 7 - 3 1 3 6 

<J tim e 

 ok Idt 

MCDONNOLD 
M rs M e rle M( H o m in id aa# 66, at 
6o6 M a n da la y Dr■ , E , died T h u rs day. She was a m e m b e r ot A lom o 
H eights U n ited M e th o d is t C h u rc h , the D A R , and the C olonial D am e*. 
S u rv iv o rs 
H u s b a n d , M u c k le ro v 
M c D o n n o ld . to n , M 
M u c k le ro v 
M cD onnold. J r., M id la n d . T e x.; sis­ te rs , M rs . M a rio n D a n ie ls . San 
B e n ito , T e x ., M rs G la d y s O rie l, 
P en sa cola , F lo , th re e g ra n d e s t d ren S ervice S atu rd ay at I o'clo ck in the G eorem n Chapel of the P o rte r 
L o rin g M o rtu a ry , the R ev 
H a rry 
B a m b e r g e r o f f ic ia t in g 
A r r o n gem ents w ith 
FWter Loring 

 i t o i M c C u llo u g h l i / t i n 

MEDOLA 
M r. S abatino D. M edela, 74. 77o RUIZ 
S t, died F rid a y . Jan 
14, 1977 s u r­ v iv e rs : W ife, M rs 
R osa M e d o la ; son, M r B e rn a rd G. M e d o la . sis ters, M rs M a ry M C ostello, M rs 
Josephine M B assi! atm gro nO ch lt d re n , one g re a t g ra n d c h ild 
M r 
M edola was a m e m b er of St F la n c it D> P aolo C atholic C hurch. H e r m oon Sons Anton W enrel Ledge No 
174, R osary Sunday 7 IO p m at St 
F ra n cis Di P aola C h urch R equiem 
66dts M onday 9 a m a t St. F ra n c is 
Di Paola C hurch w ith Rev G eorge 
S turm , C M F. In te rm e n t in San F e r n a n d o C e m e te ry N o . 2 
A r r a n ­ gem ents by 
THE A N G E LU S F U N E R A L HO ME 
H e nry G u e rre 
22? 14*1 

MILLS 
M r*. M a ry M a y n a rd M itts, age SS, ta 126o7 M idd le Lane, passed aw ay 
T h u rs d a y , Jo n t i , 1977. B o rn in 
P ho e nix C ity , A la , M rs . M ills re sided in San A ntonio I'q y e a rs , was a m em ber of the E p iscop alian tenth. th * W omen s Moose Lodge and the 
U S O S u rv iv o rs : H u s b a n d , H a r­ b e rt M M ills ; d a u g h te r*, M rs Jock 
"C o ro l 
W illis of W e tm o re , M rs 
Donno M illin g * of N a shville . Tenn , parents, M r ond M rs Bob D unham ta C arson C ity, N e y .; six g ra n d c h il­ d re n ; I o u r g re a t g ra n d c h ild r e n 
M e m o ria l se rvice s w ill be held 4 OO 
. p m 
S a tu rd a y a l th e S o u th s id e 
F u n e ra l H o m e C h a p e l w ith R ev 
C liffo rd S W alle r o tttc ia tin e In lieu e l flo w e rs fa m ily re q ue sts m e m o r lots to B e x a r C o un ty H o s p ita l Ot- rectum of fto u tltfilie 
61o 1 S M ara* 
o 3 1 -A ) l f 
Merchandise 
Mart 

Cell 

Call 2 2 5 -1 6 6 6 

IM HMM! OUKCIOIt 

RICHARDS 
Jam es K. R ic h a rd *, age 7o, of 922 
V ance Ja ckson , d ie d W ednesday 
He w a s a m e m b e r o f SI 
M a rk s 
U n ite d M e th o d is t C h u rc h , th e O f­ fic ia l B o a rd of St. M a rk 's U n ite d 
M ethodist C hurch, and the B oard of 
D ire c to rs to r San A ntonio A ssoclu lio n for the B lin d He w as a re tire d m e rch an d ise m a n a g e r foi Joske's of T e x a s 
S u r v iv o r s 
W ife , M rs . 
R obbie R ic h a rd s S ervice M ondav o f I o 'c lo c k a l St 
M a rk 's U n ite d 
M ethodist C hurch, the Rev. Seaborn h ik e r and the R ev M e rle W a te rs o ffic ia tin g 
In te r m e n t in S u n s e t 
M e m o ria l P a rk A rra n g e m e n ts w ith 
R uler Loring not McCullough i i ? m i 

SAVAGE 
EWQ A nion ic (G o )*) S avage, long tim e San A n to n io R e a lto r, passed a w a y M o n d a y , J a n u a ry to, >977 
F u n e ro l services w e re held T h urs d a y . J a n u a ry l l , 1977 a t M is s io n 
B u ria l P ork 
__________________ 

SHOVLIN 
M rs. M o * I S hovlin, age 79. of 1o4$ 
S ho o k, d ie d F r id a y 
She w a s m em ber of the A lta r Society of O ur 
1-ody of G ra ce C atholic C h urch and a re a lto r w ith A rth u r B a ird Com pony for o ver 19 ye ars S u rv iv o rs 
Son, P at S ho vlin , g ra n d d a u g h te rs 
M rs M a ry E tira b e th M cC all, M rs 
C h ristin e E llis , M iss V ic to ria Shov 
Im . g ra n d s o n , M ic h a e l S h o v lin , b ro th e r, W illia m V on H o o a e n h u yie a ll of San A nto nio; sister. M rs . M v to B rq y s h a v , D a lla s , Tex 
R o sa ry 
Sunday evening at 7 o 'clo ck in the 
G e o ig la n Chapel of the P o rte r L o r 
Ina M o rtu a ry M ass M onday at 9 3o a t O u r l a d y o t G ra c e C a th o lic 
C h u r c h . I n t e r m e n t in F t 
S a m 
Houston N a tio n a l C e m e tery A rro n gem ents w ith 
R ider Leering 
I tot M c C u llo u g h i i ? * 221 

WANECK 
Joseph A W a n erk, of 1oo8 San An o slo B lv d , passed a w a y J a n u a ry 
13, 1977 a t a lo cal h o sp ita l a l the oae of 8o years S u rvive d bv W it*, M»s 
G e rtrud e W a n e tk , d au gh ters, M rs 
B ernice R abel, M rs. O le *? K assner and M rs Josie M ae W in le k , son, 
I eonard Wan#* x a ll of San A ntonio th ir te e n a i o n e r h ild r e n a n d s ix g re a t g rn n d r h iid re n 
R o s o ry w ill he re cite d 7 p.m . 
F rid a y of St 
M a ry M o a d a le n C a th o lic C h u rc h 
Mass w ill be otter eel at IO a rn Sa tu rd a v at St M a ry M ag da le n Cath otic C hurch, w ith M e w John I 
M a tocha o fh i lu tin g E n to m b m e n t w ill follow in H oly C ross M a u sole u m 
A rra n g e m e n ts w ith 

(Otth f i l l * 
•O S * fra u *H e kcburg gee F l i t 

W EATHERFO RD 
M r 
Rev A W e a th e rfo rd 43, al 132 
E 
G ra yso n S t, d ied Jan 
14 L ife re sid en t of (e n A ntonio, m em b er of 
T r a v is P a r k U n ite d M e th o d is t 
C hurch M e m b er of V FW Post No 
74 F u n e ro l s e rv ic e s a re p e n d in g w ith Roy A k e rs F u n e ro l Chapels 

5 1 5 N o M a in 
? ? 6 72o1 

W RIGHT 
M rs 
B la n c h e M 
W rig h t, a ga 8o ye ars, ta 143 M o n tc la ir, died Jon 13, 
1977 in a lo cal h osp ital She was a m e m b e r e l lh * C e n tro ! C h ris tia n 
C h u rc h a nd an a c tiv e m e m b er of 
B e y s v ille A u x ilia r y 
S u r v iv o r s 
H ii ch n n it 
M a r k 
J 
W r la h i dau gh ters, M r* 
A 
C lesfce. J r ond M rs W illia m B B e lla m y , sen 
M a rk W rig h t, J r., sister, M rs L et t i* H o rn ie r, a ll at San A n to n io , 7 g ra n d c h ild re n ; 5 g re a t g ra n d c h il­ d ren S ervices S atu rd ay IO lo a rn at B le b * S ou n de r* Chapels w ith Dr 
I J 
Y o u n g b lo o d o ffir lo tio n in te r m eal in M ission B u ria l P ork 
These d e s irin g m a y m a ke m e m o ria l co n ­ t r ib u t io n s ta B o v s v iH e 
A r r a n gem ents w ith 

K i l n , 
Hu NOUS 

U W N it TWh v ^ U <Jt Bran* tyh 

1o4 FUNERAL DIRECIORS 

 a n g e l u s P U N t m iL B o m i 
H B N K Y O U t BRA 
6*7 W. Houston 
IIT I M I 

Riche Saunders 
Chapels 
M. £ f oomoutz 

F U N E R A L H O M B 

P r » N tro d A rra n g B F Q B n t* 
511 O v rtcrtupB St. 
226-6111 

SUNSET 
F u n e ra l Hom e 
Lessens your cares, your costs. 

Q: How many 
Strikeouts 

Bird in’76? 

A: Detroit's rookie pitching sensation, 
Mark "The Bird" 
Fidrych, talked to quite a few baseballs uuring the 1976 season and got results. You can find strikeouts, E R A , win/loan and more on 
The Bird or any other hurler in The 1977 
World Almanac and 
Book of Pacts. It’s the place to look for fascinating facts on siKirtH of any sort, whether it’b team or individual hatting records, NIM . or CPL championships, or complete coverage of the Montreal 
Olympics you seek 
Priced at just $3.25, 
I he World Almanac is your lx$ok. 

Q:When was I^ 
Bogey born? 

A Humphrey Bogart was horn in 1H99, 
More farts on thousands of stars of the past and present. 
Academy Awald winners and other celebrities may be found in The 1977 
World Almanac — the 
Knik that’s a dozen books in one. (Jet your star studded 
World Almanac and 
Book of Fads today at out public service counter, bookstore, newsstands, super­ markets or wherever quality reading is sold, Also available by mail w ill! the coupon Indow. Mail orders add 6o cents for postage and handling. 

Q : W hat is 

Nadia (3 
Com anecis nationality9 

A: Tbs young gymnastic (a nsation of th. Montreal 
Olympics is 
Kl imam an 
I or fascinating facts on amateur and professional athletics 
— or details on cities and nations around the glolx get \our copy of H it 1977 
World Almanac. It's a do/am i (rooks in one. 

& o u t t t f ib c 
FUNERAL HOME 
63o1 S. FLORIS 
922-6 339 
Job* M Grimes, Off ariot 

A V I N Y SPIC IAI 
W A R M T H . 

P o r t e r L o r in g 
MORTUARY not McCullough 22 7 s22i 

 iB r i i a k i h U l rn s e Minto#/ 
^237*73, 
(dak f ill * 
• $ 4 F re d e ric k s b u rg Rd f*9 6 7 l t t 
^ fitfllrr rft 
R j * s w w w h a * Rd ’ n / 4**7 

P a lm f r i g h t s 

U f o Se X a rid m e ra ) 
!»14^$6* 

AM ERICA’S FINEST FU N ER AL FACILITIES 

W n A l a m o 

- i ) f j A f u n e r a l h o m e 

211 Brooklyn at N. Alam o 

Trnm M 
M 
H I rnmm m um m ** 
%mm W 
W 
I 

 jLlL vi O ui* \h w id tt 

«i;ilv■ Wih ■ s-'i .r n 

The Express-News Circulation 
Story in Two Words: 
FANTASTIC GROW TH! 

Latest circulation averages for March, 1976, show that in 3o months, the Express-News combined daily circulation INCREASED by 

H 
J 
■ 
Irn 

" 
» 
*■ 
■ w 
>> 
-'c f.' * 
! 3I 
4 
, « i v% s 

The Daily Light decreased by 

_ ■ ft. 
NS* 
^ 
■: r. b k t 
_ _ 
------ 
Hi' 
J I 

„> \ rf 
>' . vf '>!'», f 
, v vi- » v ' * 
'«(> $ s ’w Bm® ?v,»v BM^SSpk 
^ ,» 'a is§K Swi y » 8 s l > s\ w i tsssl '' 

The 

 when compared to averages of September, 1973. bottom line? The Express-News goes to 3o,3o3 more families than the Light! That's a lead of 

JOIN THE SWITCH 
TO SAN ANTONIO'S EXCITING 
NEWSPAPERS ON-THE-GROW! 
THE SAN ANTONIO 
EXPRESS NEWS 
To Subscribe to the Newspapers 
San Antonians Prefer, Call 225-7411 

EXPRESS N E W S - 
^ > ^ d a v January 15 1 9 7 7 

I KNOW -iOtUESER THAT 
HOU PON' T l ik e to et 
U)lTH ME 5 o I'M EATING 
A CANOS 3AR INSTEAD 

^ 
--------------- 

EATING A LANCY SAR IS 
THE TENTH 2E5T THING 
TO BEING lOiTH SOMEONE... 

D O N T Y O U W A N T 

T O H E A R W H A T T H E 

O T H E R N I N E A R E ? 

M U T T _______ 

J THIS is t h e TH WD TIM E 
V C X /V I BERK HS HE FOO 
SAEEDI Kl© J WHAT HAVE 
YOU TO SAY FOR YOURSELF? 

WINNIE WINKLE 
J o 3 U . . . l T g y 

I c ;c c u/iMM ir- 1 1 
I • PONT you SEE. WINNIE 
WE CAN'T QUIT NOW I 
TOO m uch OF US is tie d up in th is 
I v 
PLACE I 

LD WE OO A T 
OUR AGES ? WHO'D 

STAN HAS A POINT/ EVEN 
THOUGH I'M SORT OF 
"RETIRED"I'D HATE TO 

PONT YOU THINK THAT WOULD 
TEAR MV HEART OUT. TOO ? 
BUT WHAT CAN WE DO ? 
:m s t ill p a v in g o f f 
NOTES ON MV 
- 7 ORIGINAL 
DEBT/ 

GIL THORPE 

W-HAT'S to t 
OVER ? I DC 
WANNA PLAV 
'■HE TEAM J 

R v J- 

ANDY CAPP 

 r n 

■ t h a t FLIPPIN* M A n \ 
E*S M IN K IN * US 
. 
AN* OME 

WHEN IT COMPS ID PRiACHIN' 
ECONOMY TD *1M,NOU MIGHT 
V— 7 AS W ELL START BY ^ 
( SAVIN* NOUR BREATH 

 r 
; 

ON STAGE 

VOD HEARD ^ 
COACH THORP 
ASK FENTON J 
AN'PEAN TO 
JOIN THE TEAM? 
V , 

...A N D IE 
W M E 
^ 
THEY COME... M TOO.r 

 i © o r 

JUDGE PARKER 

/ YOUR FRIEND'S \ f THEY DON'T CALL HIM 
/ A FAST W O R K E R /) '^5WI FTY FOR NOTHIN'/ 

 rf/ 

RED EYE 

...I'VE \ 5*847/ WHERE 
PEO PEP KXJ'RC RIGHT I PO YOU HAVE 
PUP/ WEIL MAKE 
J THE MONEY 
OUR MOVE NON! y STASHED# HOW 
PO WE GO ABOUT 
SETTINO IT ?! I 

 i f r 

W H O !) t h e 
HE. AD DUCK. 
AROUND 
HERE V 

V 

* / ♦ 

** 
*--M i 

KIOT ONLY OOtS TWAT 
MAKS YOU LOOK U6LY, 
SLOPPY AND REPULSIVE/ 
IT CAU ACTUALLY 

 c a u s e 
P S A T H / 

 t o o l £ s s 

O N 7VAE O TW EC 
M A N O , I A U G H T 
L IV E 

OKAY BUD. I M H O N E Y 
ISLAND, THE RENEGADE 
CHICKEN, AND I ’M 
TAKIN G OVER THIS 
HERD OF DOCKS 

-S- 4? L 

THE FAMILY CIRCUS 
DENNIS THE MENACE 

A SABER 
TOOTHED 
D U C A C ? 

•j Vi, ll 

I R I S Y & a r i r e s o l v e , t o 
INVENT SOMETHING MORE 

B O O R O M - T D M A N IC IN D .T R aN . 

 that roono th in g * 
OVER THERE. 

/7# 

1*15 

 n o o n 

 s s 

THE WIZARD OF ID 

»• r ~ 

 r 
“ ...23, 24, 25, 2 6 ..." 
"Daddy said he wanted to take 4o winks. We're counting/” 
TODAY'S CROSSWORD PUZZLE 
UNITED Feature Syndicate 
Friday s Puzzle Solved 

'I’m home early cui Margaret's mother decided to postpone the rest of her birthday party 'til next year.” 

 g t f ? 
' r n I 
•ii HERE ARE THE 

* 
* X 
SNOAE'COHtOW 
IIL -* -' 
^ 
.V Y WITH KOUR HANDS UP - OR 

VERA VALIANT 

AFTER A ll, WE'RE GO NG TO BE THE EXACT 
O P P O SITE O f STRANGER*?, /DRENT W E? 

V ^ / T l SUPPOSE GO--AHART ( N j 

. V 

ACROSS 

I Sir” , In In­ dia 
6 Particle 
I I Retort center 
I 4 Unique 
I 5 Auto 
16 Favorite 
I 7 Mum and 
Douglas 
18 S Amar country 
2o Roman god 
22 Adding machine product 
23 Ball of yarn 
25 Exudes odors 
28 Water source 
29 Interjection 
3o Moderately slow Music 
32 Scents 
34 Drainage system piece 2 words 
39 Makes a choice 
42 Team otti- ciai 
4 3 Made beloved 
45 Home aquarium fish 
46 Fit to drink 
49 Gradually slowing 
Music 
5o Exclusive 
Slang lf 

54 Shelve 
55 Perform alone 
56 Did some­ thing 
58 Exhausted 
6o Sell in large quantity 
63 Develop 
66 Stumble 
67 Did an oHice job 
68 Alaska 
Highway, once 
69 Opposite of 
"Rep ” 
7o lo ck ot hair 
71 Comes upon 

DOWN 

1 Essential fluid 
2 • -• mode 
3 Menage 
4 Relative by marriage 
5 Surpass 
6 Frightened 
7 Parts OI eyes 
8 Floor cover­ ing piece 
9 Mim'c 
1o Numerical prefix 
1 I Malicious ill will 
I 2 Legally punishable 
I 3 costs 
19 Pull along behind 

□□on 
□ u n c i 

21 Ash recep­ tacle 
23 Picked out 
24 Burdened 
26 Sailor s specialty 
2 7 Disarrange 
3o Musical group 
Abbr 
3 1 Fill with pride 
33 Sandpiper 
35 Pastry item 
36 Bring into use 
31 Fill with pride 
33 Sandpiper 
35 Pastry item 
36 Bring into use 
3 7 Danger 
38 Helicon name 
4o Proceed rapidly 

41 Rigid hair 
44 Works super­ ficially 
4 7 "My heart tor you” 
4 8 Went first 
5o Fondled clumsily 
51 Color 
52 Violent out* burst 
53 Airline for 
Helsinki 
55 Move laterally 
57 Nimble 
59 Enlarge a hole 
61 little - 
Echo” 
62 Pub staple 
64 Persian 
65 Naval of­ ficer 

ACROSS 

I Haggard novel 
4 Thessaly mountain 
7 Not forward 
IO Snapless land j 12 Apple canter 
14 Fruit pastry 
■ 15 Gusto 
16 Fish roe 
I 7 These (Fr) 
18 Mailed 
2o Gold plated statuette 
22 Turns 
24 Smoother 
26 I ight 
3o Engage in winter sport 
31 Cooled lava 
32 Witness 
33 Dry as wine 
34 College degree (abbr) 
36 Enjoy a meal 
37 First garden 
39 Closet 
42 Odious 
45 City in 
Alabama 

4 7 More banal 
51 Put 
52 Behold Hat) 
54 One (Gar) 
55 Caspian 
56 Quaffs 
57 Acquires 
58 Explosive 
(abbr) 
59 Make sn edging 
6o Period 

DOWN 

1 leak out 
2 Hawaiian town 
3 Epochs 
4 Summer drink 
5 Hound 
6 Slang 
7 Animal society (abbr) 
8 Yesterday (Fr) 
9 Uh huh 
11 Between (Fr) 
13 E xistence 
(let) 
19 long time 
2 I Confederate 
States Army 
(abbr) 

Answer to Previous Puzzle 

XI 
> T 17 H 

 f) i 
* 
O 
J- 
* 
S i - i 
A k 

23 Capable of cultivation 
24 Squeezed out 
25 Corruption 
27 Phrase of un­ derstanding (2 ” wds) 
28 Back end 
29 However 
3o Compass point 

4 I Motion picture light 
43 low# college town 
44 Silent 

46 State (Fr) 
48 Bound 
49 Inside (pre! 
5o depose 
35 Most cushiony St fast aircraft 
38 Hockey 
(«bbr J league (abbr) 53 Accountant 
4o Stray dog 
(abbr) 

I" 

IT t i... 

I 
2 
4 
4 
5 
8 
7 
8 
9 

 to 
11 
12 
<3 
14 

15 
16 
17 

18 
19 
!■ 
2o 
21 

22 
23 

24 
25 r . 
27 
28 
29 

3o 
I 
■ I 
32 

33 
| 
■ 
35 
36 

37 

' 
4o 
41 

42 
43 
44 

45 
46 
■ I4 ' 

48 
49 
5o * 

51 
52 
53 
54 

55 
56 
57 

58 
59 
6o 

-M S 

Express-News Want Ads 225*1666 

N E W L O C A T IO N AT 
3 9 2 5 
FREDERICKSBURG R O A D 

Page i 4-E 
San Antonio EXPRESS-NEW S— Saturday January 15 1977 
Anthony1 
Eden dies at age 79 

WE NEVER 
LOSE A SALE 
BEC AUSE or PRICE 

AIA FD1STON. 
England 
(A P) — F o r m e r P r i m e Min­ ister 
Anthony 
Eden, re ­ m e m b e re d for bis stand a g a in s t the Nazis and for the 1956 Suez invasion bas­ on. died Friday. He was 79 
Eden died peacefully in his s l e e p at his c o u n tr y home in southern England, his doctor said. 
“ To those who grew up in the '3os, Anthony Eden wall alw ays he rem embered as a s t a u n c h opponent of f a s ­ cism and the Fascist dicta­ tors,'" the British gove rn­ m e n t said in an official statement following Eden's death. 
It noted that Eden, then serving as Britain's foreign minis te r, “ enhanced that reputation by his res ig n a ­ tion from the government in 1938 as a stand against appeasement. 
“ We mourn the passing of a d i s t i n g u i s h e d p a r ­ liamentarian and a st ates­ man of exceptional e xpe r­ ience and deter mination,” said the statement issued by No. IO Downing St., of­ ficial , csidence of P r i m e 
Minister .lames C allaghan. 
C a l l a g h a n ' s s t a ff a n ­ nounced the prime minister will pay personal tribute to 
Eden in the Mouse of Com­ mons on Monday, and the 
Mouse will then adjourn as a mark of respect. 

Ford message 

Tilt' White Mouse issued a s t a t e m e n t F r i d a y n ig h t saying President Ford sent m e s s a g e s to 
Q ueen 
E li zabeth II and to Lady 
Axon expressing the “ s y m ­ pathy and sorrow over the death of Lord Avon," the ti tl e 
E d e n took w hen elevated to the peerage. 
" T h e President a ssure d them that Lord Avon's long and distinguished career iii government would form un important part of the his­ tory of this c e n tu r y ," the statem ent said. 
Handsome, suave and aristocratic, clad in impec­ c a b l y t a i l o r e d p i n s t r i p e 
■'lilts and a black Homburg, 
Eden in his day becam e a m odel for d i p l o m a t s and w a s m u c h a d m i r e d by women 
T h e B r i t i s h P r e s s A s ­ sociation c o m m e n te d that the tragedy of Eden 's poli­ ti ca l c a r e e r w a s th a t it remains identified with the failure of the 195H Suez ad­ ve ntu re, in which Britis h and French forces tried to t a k e c o n t r o l of t h e Suez 
Canal after it was nati on­ alized by Egypt. 
Secretary of State Henry 
A. K is s in g e r said: “ It is with great sorrow that we learned of the death of Lord 
Avon." Eden was granted the title Lord Avon in 1961 
Failing health 

In failing health for many years. Eden had been suf­ f e r i n g p r o g r e s s i v e liv e r failure, his doctor reported. 
O ne London n e w s p a p e r said he had had lung and bone cancer for a year and that the disease had spread lo the liver. 
E d e n w as flown h o m e last w e e k e n d a b o a r d a specially eq u ip p e d Royal 
Air F o r c e plane a ft e r he became gravely ill while i i i 
Florida He had been visit­ ing the Palm Beach home 
Of s e n i o r A m e r i c a n d i ­ p lo m a t \%, Avere ll H a r ­ riman a amg-tinie friend. 
He is is survived by his se c ond wife. C l a r i s s a , a niece of Sir Winston Chur­ c h ill, whom he married i ii 
I Half, and one son by his first m a r r i a g e . Viscount 
Eden, 46, who succeeds lo the e a r l s title of Lord 
Avon. 

REGISTER FOR FREE 
TRIP TO 
GUADALAJARA 
FOLLOW THE 
SEARCH LIGHTS 

 cr d e c k 
* 
• DOLBY 
> 
•OUTPOUT CONTtOl i 
• WOOD CABINET 

• AM-FM STERIO 
• BASS, MID, TREBLE 
• TWIN TAPE MONITOR 

• 3-way 
• 15” woofer 

PIONEER RECEIVER 
• MODEL SX434 o AM-FM STEREO 
• WOOD CABINET 
BIC TURNTABLE 
• MODEL 92o *‘E” 
• Automatic or Manual 
• Bo m , Dust Cover, Shure Cart. 
ECI SPEAKER 
• MODEL SUPER 8 
• 2 way spookor 
• 8” woofer 

MARANTZ RECEIVER 
• MODEL 223o 
• 3 Way Tone Control 
• AM-FM Stereo 

ERC RECEIVER 
• MODEL 14o5 
• AM-FM STEREO 
SANSUI RECEIVER 
• MODEL 5o5o 
• WOOD CABINET 
• AM-FM Stereo 

PIONEER TURNTABLE 
• MODEL PL-P45D 
• Belt-Drive 
• Automatic 

EC11253V SPEAKERS 
• 3-way 
• 12” woofer 

BSR TURNTABLE 
• MODEL 226oBX 
• Automatic 
• Magnetic Cartridge Indu 

• MODEL 45D 
• BELT DRIVE 
• SHURE CARTRIDGE 
ECI SPEAKERS 
• Model Trend IV 
• 3-way 
• 12” woofer 

AMPEX SPEAKERS 
*499 

*1Z 44fA 
" 
• Integrated 
4 
Amplifier a Tape Monitor 

 e AM-FM Stereo 
• Wood Cabinet 
• Twin Tape Monitors 

• 3-wcy 
• I? " woofer 
• Best Ref lr* 

ODDS AND ENDS AND DEMO UNITS— WHILE THEY LAST 

SAN PEDRO STORE ONLY 

MARANTZ QUAD RECEIVER ■ MODEL 422o i omit 

MARANTZ QUAD RECEIVER-MODEL 423o t o u r 

MARANTZ QUAD RECEIVER-MODEL 432oP 
I o u r 

DoKoRDER FOUR CHANNEL REEL-214o i omit 

OOKORDER FOUR CHANNEL REEL-114o io m r 

TEAC CASSETTE RECORDER-MODEL A 45o i omit 

TEACH FOUR CHANNEL REEL-AUTO REVERSE-234oR 
I omit 

PE TURNTABLE-3o44 COMPLETE i omit 

PE TURNTABLE-3o46 COMPLETE i omr 

PE TURNTABLE-CHANGER oNLY-3o48 
I omit 

DUAL TURNTABLE-1225 COMPLETE 
I omr 

DUAL TURNABLE -1226 CHANGER ONLY i omit 

DUAL TURNTABLE-1228 CHANGER ONLY 
I emir 

DUAL TURNTABLE-1249 COMPLETE/VI Sill s o w 

PIONEER SPEAKER-HPM6o-4 WAY 
4 omr 

PIoNER REEL RTIo2oL 
J OMIT 

PIONEER REEL-RT2o22- HALF TRACK 
> omr 

HW Y 9o STORE ONLY 
TEAC CASSETTE-A16o 
I omr 
179.95 
TEAC CASSETTE-A-4So i omr 
359.95 
TEAC REEL-33ooS i omr 
439.95 
SANSUI RECEIVER-661 i omr 
219.95 
OOKORDER REEL-714o i omr 
399.95 
BSR TURNTABLE-252o som r 
49.95 
BSR TURNTABLE-226oX i omr 
34.95 
BIC SPEAKERS-FORM VI j omr 189.95 m . 
MARANTZ SPEAKERS-IMP. 7 i omr 119.95 
OUAL TURNTABLE 122S COMPLETE 
129.95 
DUAL TURNABLE 1226 COMPLETE 
149.95 
DUAL TURNTABLE 1228 COMPLETE 
179.95 
GIBBS EM 8 TRACK • MODEL 6S7 4 omr 
49.95 

FREDERICKSBURG STORE ONLY 

MARANTZ RECEIVER 2215B 
.... 179.95 

MARANTZ RECEIVER 224oB 
« Mo 349.95 

MARANTZ RECEIVER 225o 
.mo 389.95 

PIONEER RECEIVER SXS3S 
. omr 184.95 

MARANTZ CASSETTE DECK-5o2o iomr 219.95 

TEAC REEL-A23ooS 
.... 439.95 

TEAC REEI-A43oo 
oMS 529.95 

AKAI REEL-23oo 
. m o 369.95 

SANSUI RECEIVER-9o9o 
<«. 484.95 

VOTE 

TELEVISIONS 
DIRECTOR EDWARDS 
UNDERGROUND KATER 
MSTRCT 
SATURDAY 
JAN. 15,KOT