mm nip Spurs, 
1o7-1o2 
Details, Page IC 

Enter Today! YOU/ leo* Cen Win in Our Gigas! 
M ® AKES' 

LOTS MORE PRIZES TO COME . . . 
■NCUHHNO A TRIP TO MEXICO CITY! 

- 

II5« 

^ April %, 1977 j 

THE SATURDAY 
EXPRESS NEWS 
^ian A n to n io . Tox«>» 
South Texas" largest-selling Saturday new spaper 
Exclusive Associated Press news and photo coverage 
Vale: Part o f UT SA fund cut to be restored 

 rn 

 the university to continue the college work study program. 

Gov. Dnlph B riscoe had recom ­ mended UTSA receive approximately 
$1o.9 million less than the university’s 
$411 million requested in operating funds for the next two years. 

Proposed budget cuts by Briscoe 

By LIZ SWEET tXPRESS-NEWS EDUCATION WRITER 
State Rep. Bob Vale Friday said the 
House Appropriations Com m ittee's final bill will restore $2.7 million previously cut from the University of 
Texas at San Antonio’s budget. 
Vale, a m em ber of the powerful committee which determines funding priorities, said the bill also will allow 
Dodd’s name cleared 
^ 

 would have eliminated $125,ooo for* next year and $15o,ooo for the following year in work study funds alloted by the 
Legislative Budget Board. 
State funding, in turn, will generate 
$8oo,ooo in matching federal funds. 
More than 8oo students at the univer­ sity are involved in the program which allows students to work while they attend school. 

The bill. Vale said, also restores 
$292,ooo to provide funds for the es­ tablishment of a downtown center as requested by the university. 

The committee also approved a $2.1 million contingency appropriation to allow for increased enrollment and give the university flexibility in plan­ ning purposes, Vale said. 

“ The problem the University of 
Texas at San Antonio has is that it is a new institution just getting off the ground. The formula system (for allo­ cating funds) does not work very well and that is why we included the con-' tingency funds,” Vale said. 
Vale said he had talked to Dr. Peter 
Flawn, UTSA president in Washington, 
D.C., earlier. 

Dr. Flawn. he said, was pleased with f the committee’s work toward provid- SR ing a university committed to excel- lence in teaching and scholarship. 

The bill still must be approved by rn* the Senate, however. 
HH 
“We hope to continue working to keep the amounts in the bill during the entire legislative process,” Vale said. piI 
‘-ii iii 

 at last 

By DAVID MCLEMORE 
The most important v ictory in 
Brig. Gen. Francis T. Dodd’s life came nearly four years after he died. 
The reinstatement of Dodd’s general rank by the Army came in January, after 24 years of. official censure, pub­ lic disgrace and an almost unendura­ ble struggle against government bu­ reaucrats. 
Dodd’s punishm ent by the Army sprang from a long-forgotten Korean 
War incident which revealed — beyond 
Dodd’s control — U.S. treatm ent of prisoners of war. 
The only recipients of Dodd’s victory are his daughters, Margaret Joyce and 
Betty Dodd, both of San Antonio, and a handful of career Army officers Who were Dodd's friends. 
Unending fight 

Foremost of those friends is one fel­ low general most responsible for the unending fight to clear Dodd’s name following his reduction to colonel “ for failure to display judgment required of a general officer.” 
The general, now retired and liv ing in San Antonio, doesn’t — for his own reasons — want his name used. In telling Dodd’s story, he will be called the General. 
Dodd’s battle with the Army began in 1952 while he com m anded the prisoner of war cam p at Koje-Do, 
Korea. Dodd, a 1923 West Point grad­ uate. had received his first star Hie year before. 
Unofficial policy and standing mili­ tary orders during this period of the 
Korean W ar called for the forcible screening of North Korean POWS for repatriation. Official U.S. policy .said no such forcible acts on POWs should occur. 
The cam p at Koje-Do contained 
89,ooo POWs. Peace negotiations at 
Panmunjom were bogged down over the issue of returning all POWs to the 
N orth, or voluntarily rep atriatin g those POWs who wished to go to the 
South Korean side. 
The forcible repatriation sparked several POW riots at the camp. Dodd, as commandant, personally met with 
POW leaders in the compound May 7, 

See DODD VINDICATED, Page ISA 

Custom ers due 
Lo-Vaca profits 

I rn 

GEN. FRANCIS T. DODD 
. . • name cleared 

By DICK MERKEL 
CHIEF, EXPRESS NEW S CAPITOL BUREAU 
AUSTIN — The R ailroad 
C om m ission Friday stripped away most of the money Lo-Va- ca Gathering Co. expected Ur realize from the interstate sale: of surplus natural gas. 
Instead, the RRC ordered the money. 
— some $2.6 million a month — passed along to the company's customers, in­ 

 cluding San Antonio, in the form of credits on natural gas purchases from 
Lo-Vaea. 
Lo-Vaea officials im m ediately served notice they would appeal the 
RRC’s order in state district court,, probably by Tuesday. 
The commission split its vote on the order. Judge Jim Langdon abstained after his attempt to have some of the money earm arked for a gas storage project was rejected. 
The motion was made by Commis­ 

 sioner Jon Newton of Beeville, sup­ ported by RRC Chairman Mack Wal­ lace of Athens. 
The action brought a heated end to nearly four hours of hearings in which 
Lo-Vaca sought to recover some $1.1 million already in escrow from a pre­ vious sale. 
Also at stake was an estim ated 
$16,ooo a day the company expects to realize from a four-month interstate gas sale to Transcontinental Gas Pipe 
Line Corp. w hich began last week. 
Record vote is forecast 

By JAMES MCCRORY 
Voters in record numbers are expected to flood the polls Saturday to pick their City Council members from a record 78 candidates. 
Polling places will be open from 7 a.m. to 7 p.m., and the results will be tabulated at City Hall, 
Officials estimate as many as 13o,ooo people will vote in the city election, well above the record of 113,826 in 1971, 
Potential vote in the city is 329,577 also a record pool. 
2 choices 
Although there are a record number of candidates in the race, each voter will be able to cast his ballot on only two — the mayor and a candidate from his district. 
A c h a rte r revision approved by voters earlier this year returns the city to a ward system similar to the one the city operated under until 65 years ago. 

Voters prior to this election selected nine council members from the city at large. 
Now they will select the mayor at large and IO council members from IO districts, or wards. 
The Saturday vote actually is a pre­ liminary to the city runoffs set for 
April 16. 
No more than two or three candi­ dates are expected to be elected ou- 

GOOD MORNING 

Index 
Chuckle 

Action E xpress.......................... IID 
Astrology...................... 
HD 
Bridge........................................... MA 
Business, Finance ......................8C 
Church N ew s..........................12,13D 
Com ics.......................................14,15D 
Crossword Puzzles..................... 15D 
Deaths............................................. 4E 
Editorials..................................... 12A 
Gardening..................................... 6D 
M arkets.......................................8-IIC 
Newsmakers................................. 2A 
Scene................................... 
2,3B 
Sports........................................ 1-5C 
Television 
...................... MA 
Theaters.........................................6,7C 
Want Ads..........................7-liD,l-12F 
W eather......................................... 6A 

COLUMNISTS 
Jack Anderson.............................. 2A 
Dan Cook.................... 
2C 
Dan Klepper.................................... 3C 
Ann Landers................................. 3B 
Dr. Geo. Thosteson................... MD 

Baseball is almost the only place in life where a sacrifice is really appreciated. 

Forecast 
Partly cloudy, cool. High, near 8o. 
Low, mid-5os. Details, Page SA. 

FR ID A Y ’S T EM P E R A T U R E S 

T c m. 
2 a.m. 
3 a.m. 
J a m. 
5 a m. 
6 a.m. 
7 a.m. 
8 a.m. 

9 a m . 
1o a m. 
11 a m . 
N oon 
1 p.m. 
2 p.m. 
3 p.m. 
4 p.m. 

54 
55 
56 
52 
58 
59 
61 
61 

5 p.m. 
6 p.m. 
7 p.m. 
8 p.m. 
9 p.m. 
1o p.m. 
11 p.m. 
M id night 62 

 l l I TH YEAR 
NO. 52 
64 PAGES 

T E L E P H O N E S: 
Want A d s (Mon.-Fri 
8 a m, 5:3o p.m .) 225-1666; A ll other d e p a rt­ m ents (Fo.rn.-9 p m .) 225 7411; City editor (9 o rn 7 a rn.) 225-7411. Sp o rts editor (9 p.m .-? 
P.m .) 227-3721 or 227-77o1. 

DID YOU KNOW: If you receive home delivery of the Express and Sunday 
Express-News $1 more will bring you the evening News for a month. Total 
$4.35 per month. Call 225-7411 for prompt delivery. 

Some editions o f the Sun­ day 
Ex press-News may be delayed slightly in order to bring readers the most complete election results 

 tright Saturday, with eight or nine races thrown into runoffs. 
The voting pool in the d istricts ranges from a low of 25,863 in District 
I, where Councilman Henry Cisneros appears headed for an easy win, to a high of 44,541 in District 8. 
• 
The District 8 race is one of the two hottest races of the campaign, and is the only district pitting one council­ man against another. The incumbent antagonists are Phil Pyndus and D. 
Ford Nielsen. 
Saturday’s election and the runoffs will change the ethnic makeup of the council, bringing it into closer proxi­ mity with the ethnic makeup of the city. 
The present council features six 
Anglo-Americans, two Mexican-Amer- icans and one black. 
Ethnic makeup 
The new council taking over May I could have as many as five, or even six, Mexican-Americans, along with one black council member. 
Saturday’s spotlight will be centered on the race for mayor, where nine candidates are shooting for the only cityw ide slot on the council.* 
Frontrunners are Mayor Lila Cock­ rell, John Monfrey and Dr. Jose San 

The money in escrow, as well as that from TRANSCO, represents Lo-Vaca’s transportation charges for carrying the gas on its system into the TRANS­ 
CO pipeline. 
It also includes a 6-cent per thousand cubic feet (mcf) charge to cover the money Lo-Vaca would have made from liquids extracted from the gas had it been processed through the company’s plants before sale. 
Newton’s motion called for Lo-Vaca to retain only that portion of revenue representing actual out-of-pocket cost for transporting the gas, not to exceed 
I-cent per mcf. 
Lo-Vaca is allowed 5-eents per mcf under an interim order of 1973 for transportation costs of gas shipped in­ side Texas. 
Customers 
In addition, Lo-Vaca was ordered to credit customers the cost differential between its weighted average cost for the gas it buys and the price it is charging TRANSCO. 
Lo-Vaca was allowed to retain its 
6-cent margin on the liquid processing loss. 
The net effect of the board order is to reduce Lo-V aca's tran sp o rtatio n charge by 4 cents, and its return on the Bm gas sale by some 13 cents per mcf. 
“This is the most shortsighted action sjg 
I have ever seen the Railroad Com­ mission take,” Lo-Vaca Pres. William 
E. Greehey said immediately after the hearing adjourned. 
Service charge 
Greehey said it was doubtful Lo-Va- ca could now meet its $9 million debt service charge due in April and would have to try to borrow from its parent company, Coastal States Gas Corp. 
“ If we lose our appeal, and if we 
See LO-VACA, Page ISA 
DUTCH journalist W illem Oltm ans talks with assassina­ tion committee chairman Richardson Preyer Friday 
Dutch journalist tells ab outf JFK conspiracy 

NEW YORK TIMES SERVICE 
WASHINGTON - A Dutch journalist told the House Assassinations Com­ mittee Friday that the mysterious potential witness who allegedly com­ mitted suicide Tuesday had claimed to him that Texas oilmen and anti- 
Castro Cubans conspired with Lee 
Harvey Oswald to kill President John 
F. Kennedy. 
Willem Oltmans, a television news­ man, was called before the panel after he had said in various morning press. 
Mrs. Zachry dies after long illness 

Mrs. Marjorie Zachry, wife of con­ struction magnate H. B. Zachry, died at 6:15 p.m. Friday after a long illness. 

Mrs. Zachry, of 4of Toreido Place, died at Metropolitan General Hospital. 
She had been admitted March 25. 

Funeral services for Mrs. Zachry are at 3 p.m. Saturday at Laurel Heights 
United Methodist Church. Burial will be at Sunset Memorial Park. 

Mrs. Zachry was a member of Laur­ el Heights United Methodist Church. 

She is survived by her husband, H. 
B. Zachry; two sons, H. Bartell Zachry and Jam es Powell Zachry; three daughters, Mrs. Louis (Mary Pat) 
Stumberg, Mrs. David (Emma Leigh) 
Carter and Mrs. Tim D. (Suzanne) 
Word, all of San Antonio; a sister, Mrs. 
Rosa Cudd of Ontario, Ore., and 17 grandchildren. 

'and television interviews that the con­ spiracy to assassinate President Ken­ nedy involved not only Oswald but 
George de Mohrenschildt, who appar­ ently shot himself in Palm Beach, 
Fla.; the Federal Bureau of Investiga­ tion; the Central Intelligence Agency; the late Texas oil millionaire ILL.. 
Hunt and Oswald’s assassin, Jack 
Ruby. 
$5o,ooo contract 

O ilm ans also gave hearsay testi­ mony that there may have been a 
$5o,ooo contract out to kill President 
Kennedy. He said he met an oil worker who claimed to have been offered the contract. 
The assassinations committee met two weeks ago to discuss ways of win­ ning enough congressional and public support of its inquiry to keep the com­ mittee alive. 
Some of the methods discussed were public hearings featuring truculent witnesses and secret briefings which could generate publicity. 
Friday’s session with Oltmans, fol­ lowing his public statements, seemed to be filled with enough spectacular charges to gain the public's attention, 
O ltm ans, who testified for three hours in closed session, later declined to tell newsmen what evidence he had to support his claim. 

IP 
R I 
III ft! 

But he said that he and de Mohrens- ■ childt had been friends for about IO j l | years and that de Mohrenschildt had sB claimed to have been the middleman J || between Oswald and Hunt. 
He said that de Mohrenschildt told |ff| him that Cubans shot at Kennedy at the same time Oswald did. 
Reply to charge 

A spokesman for Mrs. Ruth Hunt, BK 
H.L. Hunt’s widow. Hunt’s youngest §Jf son. Ray Hunt and the Hunt estate, said that “ any allegations by Willem 
Oltmans that H.L. Hunt was involved 
'with Mr. de Mohrenschildt or Oswald 
'in any way are figments of a strained and distorted im agination. It is lu- ggg dicrous to state that H.L. Hunt had I n anything to do with the assassination of ipT 
President Kennedy,” 

An FBI spokesm an said de Mob- mf rensehildt had been “ interviewed ex- | | | tensively by the FBI and testified be- m§ fore the Warren Commission and all gjl of h)N information was not pertinent to the assassination. All the information 1^1 coming from Oltmans about de Moh- |% rensehildt is all new to us and probably I all new lo reality.” 
An FBI source said de M ohrens- I ch iidt had attem pted suicide four jkf tim es in the past six months before 
See ASS ASSI N ATION, Page UA c l 

J 
EXERCISE YOUR RIGHT TO VOTE TODAY - POLLING PLACES, PAGE 1oA 
EU 

J, . * 
... 
* irwiritftfnnwmiwT^ri apical#: 

4 
A 
I 

Son Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— Saturday April 2 1977 

Popcorn man quits in huff 

Popcorn peddler Ben 
Cooper of Walla Walla, 
Wash., says he is going out of business. 
“I'm not agonna buy a license and Pm agon­ na shut her down,” said the 82-year-old proprie­ tor of B en 's Popcorn 
Stand. 

“ It s just something to take up my tim e and 
I'm not agonna pay the city $13 to e n te rta in m yself,” said Cooper. 

Cooper has operated his small booth off an alley for three years. 

“ I give a lot of it to the kids coming by,” lie said. ‘'Usually the kids come back and give me the money.” 

Cooper said he start­ ed his sm all business at h is p h y s ic ia n 's suggestion after suffer­ ing a stroke. And his wife “ gets tired of see­ ing m e sitting around the house and I get tired of sittin g around the house." he said. 

The city's new busi­ ness license ordinance becam e law Thursday. 

Duke’s land fight settled 

An e x p e c te d show* dow n betw een actor 
John Wayne and Okla­ hom a City a p p a re n tly isn t going to come off. 
Wayne s attorney an­ nounced Friday that the 
D uke h a s r e a c h e d a te n ta tiv e o u t-o f-c o u rt settlement with city of­ ficials who w ere fixing to g r a b p a r t of his spread across from the 
Cowboy Hall of F a m e here. 
T he a t to r n e y . W il­ liam 
F. 
Collins 
Jr., said the verbal a g re e ­ ment calls for city offi­ cials to pay the original 
$27,ooo for a little less th a n six a c r e s of 
W ayne’s 46-acre tract. 
He said no money has 

 changed hands yet. 
An Oklahoma County 
D istrict Court h earin g had been set for April 
12 to resolve the city’s year-old condem nation p ro c e e d in g and th e re w as s p e c u la tio n th a t 
W ayne m ig h t show up 
,111 person to fight th e action. 
City officials said the land w as' req u ired for construction of sewage storage lagoons as part of a new sewage tre a t­ m ent plant. 

W eliding bells 

Cathy 
Theimer and her fiance, V yacheslav N e pc nyashchy, are show n in 
F e b ru a ry o f this ye ar after being reunited in 
N e w York follow ing se­ ven years of separation. 
He popped the question five years a g o when she w as a student in the S o ­ viet Union. 
The cou­ ple will be wed April 3o. 
— A P W irephoto 

Barnard says arthritis gives him constant pain 

South A fric a n h e a r t s u rg e o n 
Christian Barnard arrived in Perth, 
Australia. Friday as a patient. 
“ As I stand here I feel pain,” he said at Perth Airport. “ It is w ith me constantly.” lie said he has arthritis through­ out his body and needs medication 

 whenever he perform s long opera­ tions. 
Barnard, accom panies by his wife Barbara did not say where he will seek trea tm e n t but said he would give a speech Friday at the opening of the world rheum atism year. 

The Duke 

Stapleton not jealous 

Bob Stapleton says he isn’t troubled by the success of his wife. 
Ruth Carter Stapleton, or the m ore spectacular success of his brother- in-law, Jim m y Carter. 
“ I am R u t h ’s h u s ­ band,” he says. “ I’ve p r a c tic e d v e t e r in a r y medicine for 31 years; I have four lovely ch il­ dren and two beautiful son-in-laws, so R uth's ca re e r d o esn ’t bother m e.” 
Stapleton was in Fort 
L a u d e rd a le , F la ., a c ­ companying his wife for one of h e r 
“ in n e r healing” sem inars. 

Turncoats of prison track down escapees 

WASHINGTON — The turncoats of society are a de­ spised breed. In the closed world of a prison, for example, they are .the untouchables who volunteer to work against their cellmates. 

U.S. will still push 

ASSOCIATED PRESS 

WASHINGTON — Zbigniew 
Brzezinski, President Carter’s national security adviser, said 
Friday that the administration had made “ to damndest effort" to offer reasonable arms propo­ sals to the Soviet Union. 

He says he hopes to find out what troubles the Russians about them. 
B rzezinski’s co m m en ts and other rem arks by Defense Secretary Harold 
Brown cam e a day after So\ jet Foreign 
Minister Andrei Gromyko blasted the 
Carter adm inistration’s disa rm am e n t p ro p o sals as a “ ch e ap an d sh a d y maneuver” intended to give the United 
States the edge over the Soviet Union. 
Outline 
O u tlin in g the U.S. a r m s - c o n tro l p a c k ag e in c o n s id e r a b le d e ta il, 
Brzezinski told newsmen that “ we did nut expect the Soviets to accept this total fra m e w o rk ” d u rin g th e th re e days of talks that ended ea rlier this week without any sign of progress. 
H owever, he said “ we a re in the early, educational part of this process” and the Russians may be repeating a pattern of the early 196os when they initially rejected lim itations on an ti­ ballistic missile systems but later ac­ cepted the curbs. 
Meanwhile. Secretary of State Cyrus 

Vance said in P aris that the Soviets suggested on the last day of the talks that the U.S. liquidate its bases in E u ­ rope as part of any agreement. 
Vance said he indicated lo the Rus­ sians that “ if they should raise that idt'a, it would change the entire basis” of the disarm am ent talks. 
Although Brzezinski struck a mostly co n ciliato ry s ta n c e in a n s w e rin g r e p o rte rs ' q u e s tio n s in th e W hite 
House. Brown said the Pentagon would have to revise a r m s p la n n in g if it became clear over coming months that the Russians were not interested in a 
"rough equivalence” in strategic nu­ clear weapons. 
Brown estim ated that spending on new strategic weapons, such as the big 
MX intercontinental ballistic m issile and the cruise drones, m ig h t be in­ creased by about $2 billion a year if 
P resident C arter b ecam e convinced the Russians were not bargaining in good faith. 
On Wednesday, following the Soviet rejectio n , C a rte r said he would be 
“ forced to consider” acceleration of 
American weapons development if the 
Soviet Union failed to negotiate “ in good faith” at the next round of dis­ cussion in May between Secretary of 
State Cyrus Vance and Gromyko. 
Brzezinski said the U.S. arm s-lim i- tation proposals would e s ta b lis h a general equity in the two superpow ers’ weapons systems while reducing their arsenals considerably and halting the 

 development of new strategic systems. 
Brzezinski said there would be other diplomatic exchanges with the Soviets as the administration tries to find out 
“ what troubles them ” about the U.S. arm s presentation. He described it as 
“ the first truly, disarm am ent-oriented proposal introduced in the stra te g ic arm s limitation talks” which began in 
1969. lf the “ very finely c r a f te d ” U.S. p ackage is accep te d , he sa id , “ we would both take a giant step forw ard.” 
He said Vance in the negotiations at the Krem lin had offered to sc ra p a range of American weapons that could threaten Soviet land-based m issiles. 
T his would m e an a b a n d o n in g th e planned MX missile as well as lim iting the jet-powered cruise m issile to its tactical version. 
Gromyko, in a sta te m e n t touched with anger and sarcasm , accused the 
C arter ad m in istra tio n T h u rs d a y of having m ad e false and u n r e a lis tic arm s control proposals that would give u n ilate ral a d v a n ta g e to th e U nited 
States. 
Sciicitc 

ZBIG N IEW BRZEZINSKI 

. . ‘reasonable proposals 

 code adopts of ethics 

They can be found, isolated and lone­ ly, in th e m id d le of M is s is s ip p i’s sprawling P archm an prison camp. 
They live in the b e s t available quarters, a ram shackle assortm ent of houses, som e with their own private shacks. 
They are a mostly motley collection of inm ates whose mission, under the guidance of officers, is to track down and capture any prisoner who tries to escape from Parchm an. 
Bloodhounds 
They live with a pack of pedigreed bloodhounds who can follow the scent of a m an for days across the fields, bayous and thick m ud gum bo of the northern Mississippi delta. 
These privileged inm ates, skilled at hot pursuit, are known appropriately as the “ dog boys.” 
O ur roving re p o rte r, Hal B erntso 
Bernton, lived and worked briefly with the dog boys. They were the pariahs of the p riso n , e n jo y in g little lu x u rie s from th e a u t h o r i tie s in r e tu r n for chasing down escaped prisoners. 
T h e c h a s e ca n be s tr e n u o u s , a rugged rac e acro ss th e countryside som etim es for 13 or 2o miles 
_____ at a stretch. 
E xcept for extra c re a tu re comforts, they receive no pay for their m anhunts. A day is reduced from their sentence, h o w e v e r, for e a ch day of work. 
Yet the dog boys pay a price 
______ for their sm all privileges. 
A sm oldering hatred has grown up between the inm ates who run the dogs and the rest of the prison populace. 
Their lives could be in danger if they trip p e d o v er so m e priso n ru le and 
•wound up back in the inm ate cages. 
They are m arked men. One actually has a price on his head. Other convicts have offered $73o for his m urder. 
The only convicts he can trust are his fellow dog boys. He d ared not walk alone outside his unit. 
L ate one n ig h t, ou r r e p o r te r w as rousted out of bed and sent on a m an ­ hunt. 
A convicted m urderer, locked up for life, had broken out. He had set his clothes on fire to divert the guards. 
Then he had raced across the d a r ­ kened prison yard, scaled the barbed- wire chain fence and vanished into the thick fog w hich enshrouds the wet del­ ta farmland. 
Hercules 

But within 15 m inutes, a hefty fellow named Hercules was in swift pursuit. 
He strained to hold back his running dog Buck as they sloshed through tile thick mud. The mud clung to his feet, m aking it extrem ely difficult to run. 
Ju st ahead sprinted the escaping in­ m a te , c r a s h i n g th ro u g h b r a m b l e p a tc h e s an d s p la s h in g a c r o s s th e bayous. 

DOW NTOW N 9:3o TO 5.3o M O N THRU SAT 
PARKING BEHIND DOW NTOW N STORE. 

SUBURBAN?.3o TO 6:oo M O N THRU SAT 

ALL MAJOR CREDIT CARDS HONORED 

N EW YORK TIMES SERVICE 

WASHINGTON - The 
Senate adopted Friday a stringent code of ethics, more rigorous than the one approved earlier this month by the House of 
R e p resen tativ es, in an effort to restore public confidence in Congress. 
The vote was 86 to 9 and it followed two weeks of debate, com pared with a six-hour debate in the 
House. 
Both su p p o rte rs and opponents of the legisla­ tion agreed that F rid ay ’s vote r e fle c te d p u b lic concern over Watergate, re c e n t c o n g re s s io n a l sc a n d a ls, and the pay r a is e fro m $44,6oo to 
$37,5oo. 
Absurd 

“ It is absurd that the 
Senate has to dem ean it­ self by enacting a code of conduct, but in a clim ate of public distrust it is a necessity,” said Senator 
Robert C. Byrd, DAV.Va., the m ajority leader and m a jo r ch am p io n of the legislation. 
The Senate earlier d e­ feated. 63-31, a “ sunset” proposal by Sen. Howard 
Baker of Tennessee, the m in o rity le a d e r, th a t provided that the code of eth ics would a u t o m a t i­ cally e x p ire in M a rc h , 
1981. 
Sen. Ja c o b K. Ja v its , 
R -N .Y ., joined W eicker in voting ag ain st a m o ­ tion to table the “ sunset" am endm ent. 
“ We will not be sun- setting ethics, but co m ­ m ittin g o u rs e lv e s to a periodic examination of a code of conduct,” B aker said. 
H ow ever, Sen. S tro m 
T h u rm o n d , R -S.C ., r e ­ plied th a t “ T h e r e ’s no sunset am endm ent on the pay increase, and there sh o u ld be no s u n s e t am endm ent on the code of ethics." 
Like the House code, the Senate code provides for an $8,625 limitation on outside earn ed incom e, pro h ib its acce p tan ce of gifts totaling m ore than 
$1oo from anyone with an in te r e s t in le g isla tio n , and p ro v id es for e x te n ­ 

 sive financial disclosure of sources and am ount of incom e, holdings, gifts, real p ro p erty , personal th codes also e lim in a te 
“ slush funds,” or unoffi­ cial office accounts, and restrict travel and frank­ in g p r iv ile g e s . 
Both codes ap p ly to sp o u ses an d top c o n g re s s io n a l aides. 
Unlike the House code, however, the Senate code p ro v id e s for p e rio d ic a u d its by th e G e n e ra l 
A cc o u n tin g O ffice, th e in v e stig ativ e b ra n c h of 
Congress. 
The S enate code also r e s t r i c t s p ro fe s s io n a l p r a c tic e s to th o se th a t a re c a r r ie d out in d iv i­ dually, and not by a firm, to elim inate exploitation by a firm of the fact that a firm m em ber is also a s e n a to r or s e n a to r ia l aide. 
T he S en ate code, u n ­ like the House code, also pro h ib its m e m b e rs and their aides from serving on corporate boards u n ­ less they had served on those boards for at least two y e a r s b e fo re they held th e ir S en ate p o si­ tions. 
Both codes were adopt­ ed us changes in the rules th a t g o v ern th e House and S enate, over which each body has com plete control. The m a x im u m p e n a lty for n o n -c o m ­ p lia n ce is c e n s u re and expulsion. 
H owever, both bodies will now seek to codify th e ir s ta n d a r d s of co n ­ duct as p art of national le g is la tio n th a t could provide penal sanctions, su ch as fine an d i m p ­ risonment. 
Regional jails OK 

AUSTIN (A P ) - Le- gislalion allowing two or m o re p o litic a l s u b d i ­ visions to jointly build and operate a jail would be constitutional, Atty. 
Gen. John Hill ruled F ri­ day. 
His opinion w ent to 
Rep. Ben Z. G ra n t, D- 
M arsh all, c h a irm a n of th e 
H ouse 
J u d i c i a r y 
Committee. 

Explosions rocked Saigon during visit o f W oodcock 

N 
LO S AN GELES TIMES 
BANGKOK — Starting late in the day on Saturday M arch 19, the city of 
Saigon was rocked by a series of explosions which continued for four hours. 
Refugees claim the blasts were the most spectacular display by anti-Com- m unist resistance forces since South 
Vietnam collapsed two years ago. 
R efu g ees said th a t w ord sp read through the city the following day that former South Vietnamese soldiers had sa b o tag e d one and possibly m o re 
Com munist am m unition dum ps on the outskirts of Saigon. 
The display was tim ed to coincide with the arrival in Hanoi of Leonard 
Woodcock, President C arter’s special envoy on Am ericans m issing in action in the Vietnamese war. 
One woman who was in Saigon’s downtown m ark et district when the blasts started said that initially people were stunned and some ran for cover thinking the city was under some kind of attack. 
Then, she said, the war-wise resi­ dents of the city realized from past experience that it was an am m unition dum p blowing up somewhere. 
Some of the people in the m ark et­ place then began to sm ile and some actually applauded as a sign of their approval that some Communist instal­ lation was being blown up. 
Don’t know why 

W e s te rn d ip lo m a tic s o u r c e s in 
Bangkok confirm ed that Saigon was shaken by a long series of explosions on the afternoon of M arch 19. These sources said they did not know whether the explosions were the result of some accident or whether they were set off by resistance forces in South Vietnam. 
Refugees who arrived in Bangkok anoura a Red Cross flight Wednesday 
^gave the first accounts of their exper­ iences. 
They told their versions on the pro­ mise that their identity would not be revealed. One woman who lives near the R o m a n C a th o lic c a th e d r a l in downtown Saigon said the initial blasts 
“ shook the walls and rattled all the windows in my house.” 
Another refugee said the continuing explosions appeared to come from the direction of Long Binh — the spraw ling base about 15 m iles east of the city. 

Jack 
Anderson 

A n o th e r c re w of dog b o y s .' m e a n w h ile , w as tru c k e d -d o w n th e ' road, w here they tried to cut off his escape route. 
Using high-powered flashlights, they sent stabs of light into the dense fog. 
Finally, the dogs picked up his trail on the other side of the highway. 
The trail led into the middle of a vast field of shriveled cotton plants. But the fog m ad e it im possible to see m ore than 4 feet ahead. They groped through the fog all night. 

They live with a pack o f p e ­ d ig re ed bloodhounds who can follow the scent o f a man fo r days across the fields 

Bernton’s unit checked out a desert­ ed cotton gin. Then th e dogs began leading them in circles. The escaped prisoner, disoriented by the fog. had lost his se n se of d irec tio n . “ H e ll.” g ru m p e d one dog boy. “ w e ’re ju st tracking each other now .” 
But a few minutes later, they spotted against the breaking gray dawn a lone figure in the middle of a cotton field. 
He d i d n ’t r e s is t as th e dog boys quickly handcuffed him. “ If it w asn't for the m u d .” he m uttered, “ I’d have made it.” 
Coal goal 

President Carter has concluded that the nation m ust use m ore coal; its most a b u n d a n t en erg y re so u rc e , to o v er­ come the energy crisis. 
Yet he m ay find coal m ore difficult to extract from the bureaucracy than from the ground. 

The Federal Energy Administration sym pathizes with the cap tain s of in­ d u stry , who sh u d d e r at the cost of converting their plants to coal. 
It m a y be m o re th a n id le c o in c id e n c e , th e r e f o r e , th a t th e 
.agency’s m ost celebrated obstruction­ ist has been placed in charge of the coal office. 

Destroyed papers 

He is Jim Rubin, who distinguished himself last year by destroying docu­ m e n ts s o u g h t by a 
H ouse su b co m m ittee. The en erg y a d m in is ­ trators concluded he was the right man to handle the changeover to coal. 
During their three-year effort to re ­ duce oil co n su m p tio n , they h a v e n ’t compelled a single private company to switch to coal. 

The reason for this, according to an internal memo, is that the agency has spent too much tim e analyzing instead of acting. 
T h e ag e n cy is su p p o se d to o rd e r certain oilburning facilities to convert to coal. B ut the effo rt h as beco m e bogged down in technical legal a n a ­ lyses. 
The m em o, written by stuff expert 
Jerry P arker, contends: “ Many of our time-consuming technical gyrations go beyond the sensitivities and tolerance of the data being m a n ip u la te d .” In o th e r w o rd s, the b u r e a u c r a ts have been spinning their wheels. 
The regulatory attorneys have ab an ­ doned ‘‘simplicity, reasonableness and timely pro g ram re s u lts ," the m em o charges. 
Rubin blam ed the law yers for the delays. “ I f s p art of my job,” he ex­ plained, “ to follow Ie ca I orders.” 

Setting it straig h t 

The Express incorrectly reported in its F rid a y editions that City Council had eliminated the 1o-eent fare on El 
Centro, the downtown m inibus line. 
T he m a t t e r w as p u lled from the council’s agenda T h u rsd ay and has been te n ta tiv e ly re s c h e d u le d for a council vote next Thursday. 
City Council m em bers Thursday said they wanted a report from downtown m e rc h a n ts first before stopping the dime fare for the buses. 
Council will want to know how tho downtown . m erchanta intend to raise 
$45,ooo in return fo city’s dropping the fare, and how that money will be spent in promoting the free bus service. 

★ it it 

In a story in Friday editions of the 
E xpress on a federal grand jury in­ dictm ent of nine people allegedly in-. 
Yoked in bookmaking, Charles Duane 
G ra n t’s ad d ress was erroneously re* ported. 
, 
The report vvas'based on informatioif received from federal au thorities in* vestigating the case. 
Grant resides at 3463 E. Southcross 
Blvd., Apt. 34, investigators said Fri» day. 

A 
J 

By RICHARD 
ERICKSON 

EXPRESS NEW S BUSINESS WRITER 
A call for city support for a proposed San An­ tonio International Trade 
Center was made Friday bv the project originator. 
R ealtor 
Theodore 
McAlister told reporters . 

 the creation of a viable, p erm an en t world m a r ­ ketplace out of the his­ toric National Guard a r­ senal property near the downtown area needed the help of all of San An­ tonio. 
“ We have It) pull to­ gether,” he said. “There 

 is a part for everyone in 
San Antonio to play even if it is .just raising a hand in support.” 
M cA lister heads a group of local business­ men who, in February, purchased tin1 8.33 acres of land, including 24 buildings, for $827,ooo. outbidding both Bexar 
County and the San An­ tonio Conservation Socie­ ty for the site. 
Facilities 
The location, if the estimated 
$6.5 million financing is found, would include p e rm a n e n t facilities for foreign tradi' missions as well as an ongoing series of trade fairs. 
M cA lister noted the needed support had to come from a wide spec­ trum of the city. One he emphasized was the lack of local businessmen who m ight becom e foreign m anufacture r re presen - latices at the proposed trade center. 
“ I think there are bu­ siness owners in San An­ 

865o Bandera Rood 

St. Augustine (C orpet) a wm { 
GRASS. . .F U ll PALLET 
V 
# sq. yd. 
LESS THAN A FULL PALLET 
I . I 7 *q. yd. 
FLOKATAM .. . f u u p a u i t ..........J 
** Vd 
USS THAN A FUU PAUST................. 
I * 8 9 sq. yd. 
(W e a th e r P e rm ittin g ) 

COMPLETE Iii HIW.1,ff PRODUCTS AVAILABLE. 
TREES 
PLANTS 
SHRUBS 
SEEDS 

Come Visit O ur Complete 6 
Acre 
Garden 
Center with everyday “ FARM TO Y O U " 
PRICES And SAVE!! 

OPEN Daily 8-7 P.M. 
684-211o 

San Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— Saturday April 2 I 9 7 7 
H 

Court plans shuffle to give new judges space 

By DEBORAH WESER 
Commissioners Court Friday aired the possibility of relocating the county tax assessor-collector’s office in an­ other building. 
Assessor-Collector Ben Shaw ’s move would be to help provide more space for courts in the Bexar County Court­ house. 
Shaw ’s present first-floor space would be occupied by Bist. Clerk Elton 
R. Cude. Cude’s existing third-floor 

 offices would be converted for court, use. 

Six architectural groups were asked by Commissioners Court to* submit proposals for planning the new facil­ ities. 

The six will. within the next IO days, make half-hour oral presentations to 
Commissioners Court on the subject. 
Com. Jeff Wentworth, said. 
County Judge Blair Reeves urged the 

 court to look for about 1o,ooo square feet of near-by space to relocate the tax assessor-collector’s office while new facilities are built. 

( oui. Albert Bustamante is charged with finding several alternative sites. 

Currently 175th Bist. Judge Preston 
Dial is splitting time between the 
Bexar County Courthouse and the former federal courthouse on Alamo 
Plaza. 

Dial holds some court functions in 
Commissioners Court Mondays and 
Thursdays. The rest of the week lie holds court in the old federal c u rt- room. 
That split arrangement is only a temporary situation and will have to be remedied in the near future, Reeves said. 

The space planning is to be aecom-. plished May 27 and will be reviewed by 

 the Joint City-County Coordination 
Committee. 
A final recommendation — which may suggest city and county joining forces in a single new building — should go to Commissioners Court in early July, Wentworth explained. 

Wentworth said this marks the first time Commissioners Court has. in effect, sought competitive approaches to the space problem. 

Ultimately, however, it is likely the team selected for the space planning will get the final project, Wentworth added. 

Whatever approach is taken must include plans for a full-scale garage as part of the office building, he noted. ^ 
Funds for that garage are to be raised by the sale of revenue bonds once legislation allowing Bexar County to do so is approved by the legislature. 
Clark asks more manpower to fight drugs, bookmakers 

Backing urged for trade center 

 denhome 

6951 San Pedro, residential 344-2338, commercial 341-1691 

JUDGE BUTLER gives oath to Dis*. A tty. Bill W hite 

STAPF PH O TO S BY JOSE BARRERA' 

By BILL MINTZ 
U.S. Atty. John E. Clark has asked for m ore m anpower for the federal fight against big- tim e drug pushers and white collar criminals. 
Clark said Friday lie has submitted fiscal year 1979 budget requests for four additional attorneys in his San 
Antonio office. 
Clark now has authorizations for 22 assistant U.S. attorneys, 18 of whom are in San Antonio. 
The remaining four are stationed in 
El Paso, Clark said. 

Clark has announced his resignation as chief federal prosecutor here, but he said the budget re co m m en d atio n deadline is approaching. 
P re sid e n t C arter has not nam ed 
Clark’s successor, but 
Washington sources have indicated he will nomin­ ate El Paso U.S. Magistrate Jam ie C. 
Boyd. 
Bookmakers 

He said he is asking for one more attorney each for the Special Crimes 
Unit and the Controlled Substance 
Unit. 
The Special Crimes Unit, now head­ ed by Asst. U.S. Atty. T hom as E. 
District judges sworn in 

**/ do so lem n ly sw ear that I will faithfully execute the duties o f the office o f judge . . . a n d will to the hest iff my ability presence, protect and defend the con­ stitution and laws o f th 
I niter! States and this state anil I furtherm ore do so­ lemnly swear that I have * not directly nor indirectly poi th o ff era! or promised lit p a w c o n trib u te d nor promised to contribute any money or valuable thing or promised any public office ar employment as a reward to secure m y appointment or the confirmation there­ o f sit help me God!'" 

That venerable oath — used in 
IVxas since 1845, give or take a few words — was administered 
Friday to a quartet of new state district court .judges at Bexar 
County Courthouse. 

Former Bist. Atty., now 226th Bist. 
Judge Ted Butler — after induction — promptly executed his first official act: lie swore in bis successor as district attorney Bill White. 
With Butler as focus for the cere­ monies were 227th Bist. Judge Mike 
Machado, 225th Bist. Judge Alfonso 
[’hapa and 223rd Bist. Judge Al Klein. 
Robes 
Topping off the actual swearing in is the donning of the black judicial robes. 
As each man finished his oath and was congratulated by the incumbent judge who swore him in, bis wife stepped to the lectern c a rry in g the robe and helped put on his new cloak of office. 
“ I still can’t believe it.” remarked 
Judge Machado, straightening the un­ familiar drape of the heavy robe. 
A pplause was frequent and even laughter dotted the proceedings, cour­ tesy of the two “ hosts:” P residing 
Judge Peter Michael Curry of the 166th 
District Court and attorney Solomon 
( asseb, a former district judge. 

NEW district judges from le ft, Klein, M achado, Chapa and Butler don judicial robes and hold gavels symbolic of their authority 

At one point, ( asseb explained back in the 193os, the oath was altered slightly, deleting that portion requir­ ing public officials to disavow all in­ terest or participtation in the ancient art of dueling. 
Bright spring flowers banked the lectern as the audience of at least 4oo heard Chief U.S. Bist. Judge Adrian A. 
Spears administer the oath to Butler. 
T exas S up rem e Court A ssociate 
Ju stic e Ja c k Pope swore in Klein, 
Curry swore in Machado and Fourth 
Court of Civil Appeals Associate Ju s­ tice Carlos Cadena administered the 

 oath for Chapa. 
Only Judge I). W. Suttle was unable to attend with the other m embers of the federal judiciary present from this region. 
Surprise 

AU members of the state district and. county courts at law bench were pre­ sent as were a host of well-wishers, families, politicos, attorneys and state le g isla to rs, in cluding State Sens. 
Frank Lombardino, John Traeger and 
Glenn Kothmann. 

L om bardino la te r s u rp rise d the judges with ornate carved gavels as' special gifts and awarded new Bist. 
Atty. White a special “ deputy” badge. 
Also th ere were State Reps. Hon 
Bird, Matt Garcia and Frank Madia, 
County Judge Blair Reeves and other 
Commissioners Court m em bers and 
City Councilman Bob Billa attended. 
San Antonio Bar Assn. President 
Charles Smith opened the ceremonies and SABA Bir. Jim m y Allison and staff were credited for the smooth of­ ficial proceedings and the informal reception that followed. 

Rickhoff. concentrates on white collar crime and sophisticated criminal acti­ vity. 
The unit has spearheaded an ongoing federal campaign against South and 
Central Texas bookmaking which has netted guilty pleas from seven people and led to the indictment of nine more people Thursday. 
The unit also was credited with the 
Monday conviction of Br. Haul E. 
Gaona for making false statements on an application for Medicare payments. 
The Controlled Substance Unit has led the federal effort here and in El 
Paso against large-scale heroin smug­ gling operations. 
The drug unit is headed by Asst. U.S. 
Attys. Jam es Kerr and Robert S. Ben­ nett. 
Wiretaps 

Both units, ( lark explained, give in­ vestigators the resources to conduct court-authorized wiretaps in investi­ gations of sophisticated activity. 
Clark said he also sought authoriza­ tion for an appellate attorney and an attorney to handle work in U.S. Ma­ gistrate Court. 
During fiscal 1976, which ended in 
September, the U.S. attorney's office here spent $1.1 million, Clark said. 
The budget proposals were submit­ ted to the Executive Office for U.S. attorneys at the U.S. Justice Depart­ ment in Washington,Vlark said. 
They will be incorporated into the complete Justice Department budget and submitted to Congress, he said. 
Anticrime fund hike requested 

Texas Atty. Gen. John Hill Friday called for increased spending for po­ lice. courts and probation systems around the state. 
“ We need better training, better equipment, better education and better salaries for our police,” Hill said. 
“ We have never made that commit­ ment.” 
He also said Texas must make a commitment to a viable public de­ fender system and to efficient, profes­ sional prosecution. 
Hill was in San Antonio to address the state convention of the Texas Jun­ ior College Teachers’ Assn. at the 
Convention Center. 
Hill also advocated increasing the m embership of the Texas Court of 
Criminal Appeals to increase it capa­ city and creation of a statewide adult probation system. 
The attorney general, who called for federal prosecution of fo rm er 
Castroville Police Chief Frank Hayes after Hayes was convicted by a state court jury of aggravated assault, said he does not favor state civil rights laws. 

U.S. ATTY. JOHN E. CLARK 
. . . b eef up force 
Hill says 
Council could pick 
CPS board 

City Council selection of City 
Public Service trustees would be constitutional, Atty. Gen. John 
Hill said Friday. 

Hill sent an advisory letter on the proposal to State Rep. Gib Lewis, chairm an of the House Intergovern­ mental Relations Committee. 
He said the proposal, written by 
Stale Rep. Joe Hernandez, would be upheld if challenged in the courts 
Presently, CPS Board members vote on nominees to fill vacancies. 
That method is included in the uti­ lity's trust indenture. 
Responsive 
But Hernandez said the board would be more responsive if it were appoint­ ed by City Council. 
Any challenge to the law could come from CPS bond holders who loaned money to the utility based on the self- perpetuating board system. 
Hill said his advice was the same he sent the House two years ago when a similar bill was introduced. 
He said he was not asked and did not offer and opinion on the present meth­ od of selection. 
That method has been upheld iii federal court here, but the case is on appeal to the 5th U.S. Circuit Court of 
Appeals. 
Botulism 

I is suspected 

PONTIAC. Mich. (AP) - At least 17 persons rem ained hospitalized late 
Friday — three in critical condition — after suffering what health officials think might be attacks of botulism food poisoning. 
Health officials say the outbreak, which apparently stemmed from food in a Pontiac restaurant, is one of the worst food poisoning eases in U.S. his­ tory. 
The victims were being treated in three hospitals after suffering from a combination of nausea, vomiting, dou­ ble vision and sore, tight throats. Bo­ tulism, which is caused by eating im­ properly preserved food, was not con­ firmed, a spokesman for the county said. 

 timeless design 
From Norway 

 tonio who know the trad­ ing companies, can find 
(foreign) lines (of m er­ chandise) to represent and have offices here where the country is go­ ing to come.” 
He explained this had been a c ritic a l lack in recent M exican tra d e fairs in San Antonio. 
The city can help Mc­ 
Alister said, by a con­ cent ration of effort on projects for the arsenal area, bounded by South 
Main Avenue, Durango 
Boulevard, East Arsenal 
Street and the San An­ tonio River. 
Potential 

“ We want to discuss with the city what is go­ ing to happen on the river,” he said, adding a flood control project was needed at that location. 
One build ing , a projected office-restaur- ant complex, fronts 1,ooo feet of the river. 
The fact l l of the ex­ isting buildings at the 
£>ite w ere, a fte r some 

 renovation, excellent for tra d e c e n te r purpo ses was one of the prim ary reasons for the Selection of the arsenal property, 
McAlister explained. 
“This is what makes it much m ore feasible. It would be double or triple 
(the estim ated $6.5 m il­ lion) to build it from scratch.” 
The two historic struc­ tures on the property, an ammunition building and a stone stable, would lie- come a museum and inform ation center, re ­ spectively. 
He also called for local businessmen and resi­ dents to develop a spirit 
“ of genuine support and a good c lim ate to w el­ com e foreign g o v e rn ­ ments to come into the area.” 
Hard work 
Express-N ew s E ditor and Publisher Charles (J. 
Kilpatrick, chairman of the Greater San Antonio 
C ham ber of C om m erce 
T ra d e 
C enter 
T ask 
F o rc e , listed a dozen 

 chamber efforts and pro­ jects over the p ast 5 years to promote such a climate. 
They included a UTSA trade center study, trade missions to Mexico and 
Central America and an invitation to Monterrey, 
Mexico, industrialists to come to the Alamo City to d iscu ss in te rn a tio n a l trade center possibilities. 
M cA lister also r e ­ vealed he hopes to have something ready to show 
Mexican b u sin essm en when they arrive in San 
Antonio in 
September for M ex Fair '77. 
“ It's my gut feeling we have to be ready bv Sep­ tember.’’ he said, “ for the benefit of people coming up here so that they could see what we have planned.” 
A rchitect F ra n k Val­ dez expanded on those plans. “ We are going to try to la n d sc ap e the grounds and hope to have the restaurant in opera­ tion by that tim e ,” he said, 

 oak frame. brown leather. 
$395. 

I 
I 
BLEDSOE 
■ r i r FURNITURE 
FIESTA SELL-A-BRATION 
STARTS SUNDAY 

FROM 
IO A.M. TO 8 P.M. 
SO WE WILL BE CLOSED 
SA TU RD A Y 

FURNITURE AND APPLIANCES 
AT SPECTACULAR SAVINGS... 

SEE YOUR SUNDAY N E W SP A P E R S FOR WORE DETAILS 

EASY 
CREDIT 
TERMS 315 E. COMMERCE parking 

Cabinet member, GOF senator differ on right- to-work statutes 

NEW 
BRAUNFELS 
(,.\P 
— 
U.S. 
Labor 
Secretary Ray Marshall and Sen. John Tower took opposite stands Friday on whether congress should repeal federal labor law provisions per­ mitting so-called 
“ right-to-work” statutes. 
The audience at the lith annual Texas Legis­ lative Conference here stood and applauded 
Tower, a conservative 
Texas Republican, as he promised to do everyth­ ing possible to prevent repeal of Section 14-B of the Taft-Hartley Act. 
That section allows states to enact “ right-to-work- 
“ laws. 
The same audience, a few hours later, groaned loudly when Marshall said he didn’t think the 

 right-to-work law had done anything to strengthen Texas’ econ­ omy. 
The law makes it il­ legal for employers to agree to collective bar­ gaining contracts which require workers to join unions. 
Marshall said workers cannot be forced to join unions, anyway. He said, however, that under an 
“ agency shop’’ all workers would have to pay union dues whether they joined the union or not. 
Tower said the right- to-work states have lower unemployment rates than others. He said he hoped the 4o senators from the 2o right-to-work states would team up, with some help, to block 

 any effort to repeal sec­ tion 14-B. 
Tow'er was the morning speaker at the conference while 
Marshall, a 
University of 
Texas professor until his ap­ pointment to the Carter cabinet, addressed the afternoon session. 
Blasted 

Tower, in his remarks, also blasted the Carter administration’s propo­ sal to increase the fed­ eral minimum wage. 

He said this would in­ crease unemployment and drive up energy con­ sumption. 
Tower said employers would be forced to cut the size of their work forces if the wage minimum goes up. And he said these workers would be replaced with energy-us­ ing machines. 

Tower said organized labor is working from behind “ a wall of statu­ tory protection.” 

Marshall, in an inter­ view, said the minimum wage should be raised to provide more incentive to work. He said the current minimum wage is so low that a person can receive nearly as much money on welfare or unem­ ployment. 

Marshall said a higher wage would put more people back to work and would force business to manage its labor force more efficiently. 

Tower said he was 
“ gratified” by the U.S. 
House defeat recently of the “ Common Situs” picketing bill, which was supported by organized labor. He said approval of the measure would have crippled the na­ tion’s construction in­ dustry. 
Marshall, on the other hand, said the measure would have been a posi­ tive one and might have reduced union influence in some cases. 

BOSTONIAN 

 o m C IMPORT BOOTS 

SAVE FROM 
*15 TO *18 
AT PIX! 

 shot Stotts 
PIX NEWEST GRAND OPENING! 
AT 4917 W A LZE M R O A D 
(a c r o s s f r o m w in d s o r p a r k m a l l ) 

WITH A STOCK OF THOUSANDS OF MEN S & W O M EN 'S FAMOUS BRAND SHOES 

349-6634 • 73oo SAN PEDRO (2 bias. so. of n.w. loop 4ic) 

923-9837 • 694 S.W. MILITARY DR. (SHOPPERS CITY MAU) 

656-9881 • 4917 WALZEM ROAD (across from w inoosr park mau) 

S.A. called future center for Spanish broadcasts 

By M ARK VILLANUEVA 
OF THE EXPRESS NEWS STAFF 
AUSTIN — San Antonio is expected to become the major U.S. broadcasting center for Spanish lan­ guage programs, a tele­ vision executive said 
Friday. 
“ San Antonio will be­ come the most important center in the United 
States for Mexican, Latin and Chicano programs because we w ill be beaming to 4o stations from San Antonio,” said 
Emilio Nicholas, general manager of San Anton­ io’s KWEX-TV. 
Nicholas spoke to about 
5o Mexican-American media professionals and journalism students at a 

Chicano media confer­ ence on the University of 
Texas at Austin campus. 
Sponsors 
The university’s school of communications and 
Mexican-American studies and IBM of Aus­ tin sponsored che confer­ ence. 
Nicholas said plans call for Spanish language soap operas, variety shows and other tele­ vision programs to be edited in San Antonio and broadcast via satellite on about 4o Spanish lan­ guage TV stations. 
The conference gathered media profes­ sionals and journalism students to discuss prob­ lems faced by Mexican- 

Americans in the news media. 
Panelists also dis­ cussed how Mexican- 
American related events are reported by the press. 
Difficult task 
Nicholas said Spanish language stations are faced with a difficult task in competing against “ the major TV networks and affiliates. 
However, Nicholas said 
KW EX-TV broadcasts 
“ at least twice as much 
(live news and public af­ fairs programming) as required by the FCC.” 
The stations news shows and public affairs programs account for about IO hours per week 

 of the 6o hours broadcast per week, he said. 
David Cruz, news co­ anchorman on KMOL-TV in San Antonio, said re­ porters are limited by a time factor in presenting indepth reporting on news shows. 
“ We don’t always have the opportunity or time to report indepth,” Cruz said. 
The two-day confer­ ence will be concluded 
Saturday. 
Saturday’s speakers include Fernando Pinon, 
Laredo Times editor, and 
Tony Castro, a former reporter for the Houston 
Post. Castro now is a 
Harvard University Nie- man Fellow . 
Bexar joins fight to bar split aquifer pollution rule 

Bexar County Friday officially jumped into the court battle to bar the 
Texas Water Quality 
Board from splitting the 
Edwards aquifer into se­ ven separate pollution control sections. 
The move came in the form of a petition to in­ tervene in a suit a filed last month by Texas At­ ty. Gen. John L. Hill in 
126th District Court in 
Austin. 
Bexar County Dist. At­ ty. Bill White filed the petition for Bexar County following orders iseued by Commissioners Court last month. 
Stiff protest 
TWQB earlier this year and in the face of stiff public protest replaced its uniform pollution control order for the se­ ven-county sensitive re­ charge zone of the aquifer with separate orders for each county. 
Those orders vary in strength and require­ ments and are. according to White’s petition, in­ tended “ to destroy the 

 effective enforcement of pollution control” in both 
Uvalde and 
Kinney 
Counties. 
A porous limestone un­ derground formation that retains water, the aquifer provideole source of water for all seven counties, among them 
Bexar. They are Medina, 
Comal, Kendall, Hays, 
Kinney, Uvalde and Bex­ ar. 
Surface area 
The recharge zone is the surface area where 

 rain water reenters the underground formation. 
Pollution of the aquifer in Kinney or Uvalde could endanger the water used by people in the other counties, the suit claims. 
White sent Asst. Dist. 
Atty. Rogers Storey to 
Austin late Friday to file the petition. 
The TWQB move to fragment pollution con­ trol for the aquifer — although it is a single formation threading from Uvalde to San 

Marcos — is termed ar­ bitrary, capWlcious, un­ reasonable and a denial of equal legal protection to some who use that un­ derground water supply. 
No opportunity 
The petition points out that people in Bexar 
County were never given the opportunity to make their feelings about the changed order know n in • a public hearing. A pub­ lic hearing was held in 
Uvalde, however, the suit charges. 

EXPRESS-NEWS 

Published 
S a t or do y, Sunday labor 
Day. 
Thanksgiving 
Day, and on 
July 
4, 
Christmas Day. New Vear's Day, when they occur Monday through friday Also published on o Monday, when July 4, CHm tm oi Day, 
New Year's Day falls on a preceding Sunday 
By The tx p re s v N e w s Corporation 
P <5 Bor 2171 
Son Antonio. Teros 78297 
Second Ooss Postage Paid at 
San Antonio, Texas 
Regis»rado corno acicula de 2do close el 
29 de Enero 1922, en lo Admin*Stratton 

Correos en Nuevo Laredo, Tamps . Mexico 

Alt communications should be addressed to 
Son Antonio Express, or San Antonio News. 
This newspaper will not be responsible foe manuscripts or photographs not solicited, for publication. 

M AIL SUBSCRIPTION RATES 

Inside Texas 
I Mo. 
6 Mos 
I Yr 

Morning & Sunday 
. SS 49 $28 
I I $54 74 
Morning Only 
$4 65 $23 9o $46 I I 
Evening & Sunday 
. $5 o7 $26 
13 $5o 56 
Evening O rth 
$4 41 $23 o5 $44 54 
Sunday Only 
. $3 21 $16 15 $3o 85 

(Prices above include sales tax.) 

OTHER STATES 

Morning & Sunday 
$5 51 $31 34 
$61 17 
Morning Only 
. . 
$5 2o $27 47 
$53 75 
Evening^ Sunday , 
$5 45 $3o 25 
$58 99 
Evening Only 
$4 79 $26 5o 
$51 43 
Sunday Only 
. 
$3 48 $16 95 $32 74 

{SubsmpiuMw outside Trios or* not sublet to ta* I 

Home delivery monthly rotes in San An­ tonio Morning cmd Sunday, $3 4o per month 
(includes tosh 6 day Morning only, $2 7o per 

 month (includes tax) Sunday only — 4 Sunday 
— $1 47 per month (mcl jdes to*) 5 Sunday 
— $ 1.84 per month (includes tax}. 
C O M BIN A T IO N RATE, Morning, Evening, 
Saturday and Sunday, $4 35 per month. 

1o47 M.K. LOOT 4lo • S38-2Io7 iMtaPMNi SPMMhMtf m l ItflMfpRriMlMMI 

1ft EDIT ERR AH EAN ELEGANCE 
AT PRICES NEVER 
» 
REFORE POSSIBLE FOR 
FERN ITC RE OF SECH QE ALITY. 

AREN'T YOU . 
GLAD WE 
HAVE 

DRASTIC I 
REDUCTIONS! 

We must make room for new stock. 
Rag. V 
$332.5o 

1o47 N.E. LOOP 41o • 828-28o7 
(Between Broadway & Nacogdoches) 

RRC eyes lid for gas losses 

By R O B E R T O CHOA 

EXPRESS NEWS CAPITOL BUREAU 
NEW BRAUNFELS - 
The state Railroad Com­ mission will soon issue an order designed to clamp down on extra gas costs caused by lost and unaccounted for gas. 
Railroad Com. Jon New­ ton said Friday. 
Newton was one of five energy panel members who addressed the lith annual Texas Legislative 
Conference held each year in New Braunfels. 
Other energy panelists speaking to the problems and solutions of the na­ tion’s energy’ crisis were. 
Congressman 
Bob 
Krueger, State Sen. Max 
Sherman, Lower Colora­ 

 do River Authority Gen. 
Mgr. Charles Herring and Frank M. Pool, vice president of Enserch 
Energy, Inc. 
Charged extra 
Newton said many uti­ lity ratepayers in Texas are being charged extra for gas which pipeline companies report each year as lost and unac­ counted for. 
“ We’ve had for years an unexplainable loss of gas,” Newton said. “ One small gas company in 
West Texas claimed it. lost BB per cent of its gas. 
“ Either they have bad meters or their pipelines are made of dirt.” 
Newton said the com- 

Newton says utility ratepayers are being charged extra fo r gas reported lost by pipeline companies 

 mission’s order, expect­ ed to be issued within the next 3o days, would limit ratepayer passthroughs for lost gas to a mixi- mum of 5 per cent. 
Under the proposed order, gas transportation companies would be al­ lowed losses of 5 per cent and gas distribution companies to 3 per cent. 
The railroad commis­ sioner said San Antonio’s gas supplier, Lo-Vaca 
Gathering Co., has a gas loss factor already within the 5 per cent limit. 
But Lo-Vaca’s parent 

 company. Coastal States 
Gas Corp., is reporting gas losses of 12 per cent from its system, Newton noted. 
Another area Newton said would affect Lo-Va­ ca as well as the entire 
Texas gas and oil market will be the Carter ad­ ministration’s soon-to- be-announced national energy policy. 
Krueger said he antici­ pates Carter will call for a phased gas deregula­ tion program where prices on new gas will be allowed to gradually go 

 up on the interstate mar­ ket. 
Both 
Krueger and 
Newton said they believe competition from other states for 
Texas gas would drive up the price of gas for 
Texas consumers, but not by much. 
Newton pointed out the financially weak Lo-Vaca system could benefit by- deregulation through long-term interstate gas sales contracts. 
On the Carter energy policy, Krueger said he strongly believes Carter 

 will mandate a change from natural gas to other fuels used in the produc­ tion of electricity. 
Phaseout 
The Railroad Commis­ sion has already ordered a phase-out by 1985 of all gas-fired boilers used by- power companies in the generation of electricity. 

Newton said the phase-out will save 5oo billion cubic feet of gas by the early 198os. 
Overall, the energy panelists said the na­ tion's energy crisis is very much a reality. 
“ We’re fast running out of gas and its cost is rising so rapidly ifs put- 

San Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— Saturday April 2 1977 

 ting electricity out of the market place,” said 
LORA Gen. Mgr. Charles 
Herring. 
“ The cost of electrical energy is not going to go down,” Herring said. 
“ The best we could ask for is to stabilize prices where they are now.” 
Frank Pool, vice presi­ dent of an international gas and oil resource operation, said drilling activity for the fuels is running at maximum ca­ pacity. 

Pool said the industry needs more pricing and tax reform incentives in order to continue explor­ ation and production of oil and gas. 

U.S. SECRETARY of Labor Ray Mar­ shall talks with Dr. Lorene Rogers, president of the University of Tex­ as at Austin 
PHOTO BY FRANCES BRIDGES , 

Weekend fest opens 
'77 silly chili season 

SonAntonioEXPRESS-NEWS— Saturday April 2 1977 
Page 
-5-A 

• K 
V'6 

G R A N D 
P R A I R I E 
I A P ) — I f s s ill y c h ili time in Texa s again. 
Chili c h e f s and t h e i r fun ny f o l l o w e r s f r o m 
T e x a s , 
A r k a n s a s and 
Louisiana will asse m ble this weekend at a giant flea m a r k e t for a breath-taking cook off. 
Why? 
“ Why n o t?” sniffed a m e m b e r of the Motleys, the t e a m 
“ s h o w m a n ­ s h i p ' ’ c h a m p i o n l a s t year. 
The occasion is the 2nd annual Prairie Dog Chili 
Cookoff & Pickl ed Quail 

E g g 
E a t i n g 
W o r ld 
Championship. 
Spons ors say pe rh ap s 
15.ooo pe rsons , most of t h e m g r o w n m e n and women, will show up for th e e v e n t . Gov . D olp h 
Brisc oe most likely will not be among them, they said. 
Nor will Fa r a h Faw cett 
Majors. 
T h e s i t e , c a l l e d 
Traders Village, is on the s o u t h e r n e d g e of t h i s 
Dallas suburb and, says c o c o o r d i n a t o r 
A ll an 
Hughes, “ it is the only one of these things ever 

 built on purpose.” 
Admission is free. B ee r is not. But most everyone brings his own anyway. 
Sanctioned 

H u g h e s and h is co- c oo r d in a tin g c o l l e a g u e , 
Dong Beich, proudly an ­ nounced that the cookoff is sanctioned by the Chili 
Appreciation Society I n ­ ternational (CASI). 
T h a t ’s the group that b r o u g h t the wo rld th e 
Worl d 
C h a m p i o n s h i p 
Chili Cookoff at T e r l i n ­ gua. the dusty, forsaken little ghost town in the 

Genuine stone necklaces 

Genuine stones are the perfect compliment to today's natural look in fashion. 
Choose from our complete selection of jade, black jade, amethyst, coral, garnet, ivory, malachite, tiger eye and lapis. Priced from 29.95. The Dia­ mond Salon, Downtown, 
North Star and Windsor 
Park. Charge it! 

Illustration enlarged to show detail 

Big Bend country. 
“ T h u s , ” s a id B e i c h , 
“ m o st of the big b oy s, the r e a l c h i li c o o k e r s , w ill he here.” 
The biggies include the 
B o t t o m of t h e B a r r e l 
Gang, the Outhouse Six 
Plu s One, the W h o p p er 
B o p p e r Chili S t o p p e r s , the Malfuction Ju n c t i o n and Carry Nation and the 
Hot Line. 
F o r the u n i n i t i a t e d , chili, by definition, is a 
S p a n i s h - A m e r i c a n dish of b e a n s a nd m e a t , f l a v o r e d w ith c h i li po w d e r, p e p p e r s and mysterious spices. 
It bears only sca nt r e ­ semblance to what, they’ll be b r e w in g h e r e : dea d armadillo chili, cow pas­ ture disaster, S a m Hous­ ton’s revenge, crankcas e sludge, G o d z ill a ’s m o n ­ s t e r m u s h , r a t t l e r ’s d e l i g h t and d u s t bowl, beefalo, hurricane, bush­ whacker and red flannel chili. 
Contests 

Va r io u s c o n t e s t s and diversion s will pr e c e d e 
Su n d ay ’s chili ju dg in g, pickled quail egg eating and unofficial state beer drinking contest. 
They include the Cuzin 
Homer P a g e invitational eatand-run stewed prune pit spitting contest. 
A Saturday night dance 
($2) will be punctuated by a wet T-shirt contest, a n t l e r r a t t l i n ’ and belt buckle polishing, plus the a l w a y s p o p u l a r 
“ f a b u l o u s f in e fa n n y contest.” 
A m y s t e r y g u e s t will bend beer can s with his forehead. 
“ I g u e ss i t ’s r e a l ly a s il l y kind of t h i n g , ’ ’ philosophied Beich. “ But it w ent o v e r b i g l a s t y e a r . ’ ’ 

THE 
1977 
WORLD 
ALMANAC 
&BOOK 
OF FACTS 
$3.25 

» 
_ 3 o S 5 f t 
IT cr 
- 
Lr 
I L- 
-ill i iI I 
J « 

Off KEF ll'n? OS appl* I 
IJH I I 

N i l g 
I s l * 
5 oS J I 

Visit Us nd Save $144.oo 

At the International Spa and Fitness Center we have over nine years of qualified, professional experience in helping thousands of men and women attain better health. 

Our Spa, located at 8757 W urzbach Road, will soon open with over $1 million in professional exercise equipment. This equipment will be the most modern of its type. We have just purchased on an exclusive basis, the unique 
Sports Trainer™ fifteen exercise muscle build m g m ach in e with p ro g ressiv e variable resistance. 
All our equipment is designed to help you with the aid of our professionally trained counselors to better health and a better shape. 

Our facilities include: 
Fully carpeted physical fitness area 
' n 

Large heated swimming pool 

Hydro swirl pool 
^ 
S 
S e r V e d 
Join International Spa 
Fitness Center Now and Save! 

You can save $144 CX) on our get acquainted introductory offer loin now and take advantage of over a million dollars worth of facilities — the most modern in San Antonio. 

And, More Features Like 

Finnish Sauna • Nutritional Center • Turkish steam room • Figure contour salon • Sun Ray booth for year-round tanning 

Win a 1977 Dune Buggy! 
During our get*acquainted offer, you have a chance to win a 1977 Dune Buggy, or a Color T. V. and 2 — 1o Speed Bicycles. 

INTERNATIONAL 
SPA FITNESS CENTERS 

8757 WURZBACH RD./699-3o3o 

SATURDAY! OHE 
'IAT F OF CHINA 
L / JTjL JLI J U 
A 
JLA A l l Jl Tl J 
GLASSWARE 
OTT T FDD IAF It D I? 
DJLJLiV H ill VV A J l iIL 

SAVE 2o% TO 5o% 

Save now on 
Joske's own stoneware sets 
SAVE 
3o% 

Save on Joske's imported oversize wine goblets 
SAVE 
3o% 

Select group of china teacups and saucers 
SAVE 
4o% 

Selected stainless flatware sets in popular patterns 
SAVE 
2o% 

Selected group of silverplated holloware items 
SAVE 
2o-5o% 

Save now on cake stand and cover sets 
SAVE 
2o% 

'American' pattern fine glassware from Fostoria 
SAVE 
3o% 

Selected group of quality sterling silver jewelry 
SAVE 
3o-5o% 

Select group of decanters in popular styles 
SAVE 
5o% 

Selected crystal giftware in several styles 
SAVE 
2o-5o% 

Entire stock of pewter, Armetale holloware items 
SAVE 
2o-5o% 

Ruby-colored imported glass dinnerware items 
SAVE 
5o% 

Selected sets of dinnerware, many patterns 
SAVE 
2o% 

Assorted mugs and jumbo cup and saucer sets 
SAVE 
2o-3o% 

• Not all items at all stores 
• Some limited quantities. 
• Special orders accepted on selected items only 
• No C.O.D.'s 
• No holds 
• No lay-aways 

Plus, save IO % on the following open stock 
Save 15% on place settings. Save 2o% on sets. 
• Lenox china 
• Oxford china 
» Lenox cystal 
• Lenox Temperware* 
• Noritake china 
• Wedgwood china 
• Midwinter stoneware 
• Denby stoneware* 
• Denby glassware 
• Franciscan earthenware and glassware1 

• Mikasa dinnerware 
• Fostoria glassware 
• Imperial glassware 
• Doulton china* 
• Minton china 
• Lambeth stoneware* 
• Lyons stainless* rn Oneida Community stainless 
• Oneida Deluxe stainless* 
• Oneida Heirloom stainless* 

‘These products have a manufacturer's warranty. For a tree copy of the warranty, write Joske's of Texas, San Antonio, Texas 
782o6 
China/Glassware, Silverware, Downtown, North Star, Windsor Park and Austin. 
Downtown only! Save 5o% on these items: 
• Selected group of famous make china patterns 
• Selected group of famous make crystal patterns 
• Selected group of sterling silver and silverplate flatware patterns 
• Gorham Ameralloy flatware patterns 
• Selected hostess serving sets 
• Openstock "Jardin" china 
• Selected group of imported stemware patterns 
• Open stock Independence pattern dinnerware 
JOSKE’S 

A UNIT O F ALLIED STORES 

San Antonio EXPRESS-NEW S— Saturday April 2 1977 
3 currencies are devalued 

COMPILED FROM WIRE SERVICES 
BONN - The West 
German Finance M in­ istry announced Friday that currencies of 
Sweden, Norway and 
Denmark will be deva­ lued against those of 
West Germany, Holland, 
Belgium and Luxem­ bourg starting Monday. 

The move does not dir­ ectly affect exchange rates among the seven countries 
<vr among tithers such as the United 
States. 

Sweden was under­ stood to have requested devaluation to bolster its weakening currency by making exports cheaper and raising prices of im­ ports. 

Sweden’s krona will be devalued by 6 per cent and that of Norway and 
Denmark by J per cent each. 

World price plan scrapped 

G EN EV A 
- 
The world's industrialized nations refused to com­ mit themselves to a mul­ tibillion dollar fund for price stabilization of commodities as U.N.- s pun sored negotiations drew to a close. 

“ An utter failure." said an African delegate commenting on the four-week, 
1o7-nation conference. It was the second unsuccessful ef­ fort by developing na­ tions to obtain an agree­ ment for a common fund involving about $3 bil­ lion. 
The fund would have financed buffer stocks of food and raw materials with the goal of keeping prices within a 2o per cent band. 

DIGEST 

Integration in Rhodesia 

SALISBURY. Rhodesia 
— The official color ban was lifted from Rhode­ sia’s hotels, restaurants, bars and nightclubs, but few blacks rushed out to socialize with whites. 
Some blacks said they preferred their ow n bars or didn't have enough money to visit integrated facilities. 
Reaction among whites was mixed. 
Soviet I Ilion prices change 

MOSCOW — Russians will be paying more for taxi rides and train tick­ ets but less for shoes, television sets and some items of clothing. 
The official retail price list released by the state price commission boost­ ed the cost of a train ticket from Moscow to 
Leningrad by 33 per cent , but dropped the price of women's synthetic leather shoes by IO per cent and the cost of TV sets by 18 per cent. 
Chad says ii halted coup 

N’DJAMENA, Chad - 
The government of ('had says it repulsed an at­ tempted coup against 
President Felix Malloum 
Friday in a five-hour gunbattle that left one senior officer dead and 11 soldiers wounded. 
The government made no mention of casualties among the attackers, said to number about HO and supported by ar­ mored cars. 

Congress shul down in Brazil 

B R A S IL IA - Presi­ dent 
Ernesto 
Geisel closed Brazil’s Congress for an indefinite period following the defeat by opposition congressmen of a government-pro­ posed constitutional amendment to reform the judicial system. 

Geisel’s move possibly heralds a new hardline attitude by the 
13-year-old military go­ vernment which is at odds with the United 
States over a human rights issue. A 1968 con­ stitutional amendment empowers the president to recess congress and to pass laws by decree. 

Trudeaus9 may have hit black eye stage 

Pipe-smoking Egyptian President Anwar Sadat raises a cloud of smoke during a joint news conference in Bonn with W est Germ an Chancellor Helmut Schmidt. The leaders held two days of talks on political and economic matters in W est Germany. Sadat is due in Paris Satur­ day and in the United States Sunday. — AP Wirephoto. 

TORONTO. 
Canada 
(A P) — Canadian new­ spapers and a radio sta­ tion have reported this week that 
Margaret 
Trudeau, wife of the prime minister, told a number of people her husband gave her a black eye when she came home from a trip to New York two weeks ago. 
Mrs. Trudeau, who vi­ sited in Toronto before going on to New York, spent time in both cities with members of the 
Rolling 
Stones rock group and gave several well publicized inter­ views. 
Prime Minister Pierre 

Elliott Trudeau and his office have declined comment about the 
Trudeaus' personal rela­ tions. Mrs. Trudeau was reported in New York, working on a photo as­ signment and staying with her friend. Princess 
Yasmin 
Khan, the daughter of 
Rita 
Hayworth and Aly Khan. 
Syndicated 
Ottawa columnist 
Douglas 
Fisher, a former New 
Democratic- party member of Parliament, wrote that Margaret told five reporters, two young aides to ministers and an academic there had been an argument with her 

Chinese city still iii ruins 

LONDON - The Daily 
Telegraph, in a dispatch from Peking, reports the 
Chinese city of Tangshan is still a heap of rubble with little sign of re­ building eight months after one of the most destructive earthquakes in history hit it. 

A casualty toll has never been announced by the Chinese, but the city is believed to have con­ tained about 7oo,ooo peo­ ple. 

Actor jailed 

ATHEN S 
- 
Mikis 
Pithis. 28, a Greek actor, has been sentenced to 22 months in jail for burn­ ing cars of Americans living in Greece. Four students got lesser terms. 

Carter holds up shoe action 

WASHINGTON (AP) — President Carter, reject­ ing recommendations that he impose strict quotas and tariffs, said Friday he first wants to try nego­ tiations to decrease cheap shoe imports. 
If foreign suppliers don’t agree within 9o days to cut their shoe shipments, "the President can put into effect just about anything he wants to,” subject to congressional approval, Carter’s trade represen­ tative said. 
The American shoe industry says the imports have contributed to the loss of 7o,ooo to 165,-ooo jobs in the last eight years. 
If Carter had imposed the strict quotas and tariffs, it would have cost U.S. consumers $19o million in higher shoe costs, according to estimates by the staff of the U.S. Trade Commission. 
The decision was the first test of Carter’s position. on import protection, which is being sought for televisions, sugar, watches and a wide variety of other products and commodities. 
Reaction from a shoe industy association was predictable. The head of the American Footwear 
Industries Association called the decision a “ cruel blow.” 
The association’s Mark E. Richardson said Carter had “ ignored” labor and management. 
Meanwhile, spokesmen for two AFL-CIO affiliated unions urged Congress to override the President’s 
“ disastrous decision” on footwear imports. 
In a joint statement, John E. Mara, president of the Boot and Shoeworkers Union, and George O. 
Fecteau, president of the United Shoe Workers of 
America, said some 25o,ooo jobs are threatened by shoe imports. 
They reminded Carter that he campaigned and won the presidency “ largely on the issue of jobs.” 
BANKRUPTCY 

C 
A 
I E l 
SATURDAY 1o-7 
9 
# % I b E * 
SUNDAY 12-6 

THOMPSON’S PAW N AND 
JEWELRY STORE 

3 1 o 6 
Fredericksburg Rd. 

★ ALL SALES FINAL ★ CASH ONLY 

2o%-75% OFF! 

TURQUOISE AND SILVER 
JEWELRY 
• NECKLACES • BRACELETS • PINS 

★ ANTIQUE JEWELRY 

 it SILVER CIGARETTE CASES 

• TV SETS, STEREOS! 
• M U SICAL INSTRUMENTS 
• M A N Y GUITARS • DRU M S 

LARGE CHOICE OF GUNS! 

• RIFLES • SHOTGUNS • PISTOLS 
• SCOPES 

★ 24” GOLD-FILLED CHAINS 

 ic WEDDING RING SETS 

• A M -F M RADIO S 
• TAPES 
• TAPE RECORDERS 
• CAM ERAS 
• BINO CULARS 

 ic GOLF EQUIPMENT ic WATER SKIS it LUGGAGE 
★ SEWING MACHINES it TYPEWRITERS ic BICYCLES it KNIVES 

JEWELRY! JEWELRY! A N D M O RE JEWELRY! 
• M e n ’s and W om en’s W atches 
• Birthstone Rings 

• 14K Gold Rope Coin Bezels e Pocket W atches 

 e Costume Rings 
• Sem i-Precious Stone Rings________________ 

COSTUME JEWELRY, REG. $2.oo-$8.oo, now 86' to ’3.26 

CAT HOUSE CO INS, REG. $2.95, now 96' 
AND MORE! MUCH, MUCH MORE! l l HERE SATURDAY 1o— 7, SUNDAY 12— 6 . . . No phone calls, please! 

FORECAST 
(or Saturday 

Sh ow ers mm 

 i 
Stationary Occluded 

 temperatures loc area 

N A T IO N AL WEATHER SERVICE 
N O A A U S Dept ol C om m cn e 

 husband “ over her ex­ cursion to Toronto and the 
Rolling 
Stones’ recording session and then to New York.’’ 
The column, which ap­ peared in a number of n ew s pa pc r s. co n t i n u cd, 
“ The climax of the ar­ gument was a punch iii the eye, husband to wife. 
In several face-to-face encounters. 
Mrs. 
Trudeau, in recounting the episode said ‘See. pointing to bruises around her eye. The proof of the punch.” 

The Toronto Globe and 
Mail said in a news page story Thursday. “ Mar­ garet Trudeau has told at least eight people that her husband, the prime minister, gave her a black eye in a fight after she returned from a trip to Toronto and New York two weeks ago.” 

SAN ANTONIO AND V IC IN I 
TY — Decreasing cloudiness end warmer Saturday with rain end­ ing. Portly cloudy and cool Sa­ tu rd ay night. 
C o n sid erab le cloudiness with mild tem pera tores Sunday with a chance of rain. High temperatures Satur­ day near 8o. Low in the mid-5os. 
Southeasterly winos 5 to IO mph. 
Sun rises at 6:23 and sets at 
6:53. Moon is in the first quarter. 
Moon rises at 5:37 p.m. and sets at 5:11 a.m . T e m p e ra tu re s 
Frid ay ranged from 51 to 62’ degrees. (National Weather Ser­ vice forecast.) 
R E L A T IV E H U M ID IT Y - 97 per cent as of 6 p.m. Friday. 
P R E C IP IT A T IO N 
Total rainfall for the 24-hour period ending at 6 p.m. Friday, .o6 of an inch; for the month, 
o6 of on inch; tor the year 4.95 inches. 
Accum ulated d ep artu re from normal for the month, zero; for the year, minus .37 of an inch. 
NORTH T EX A S — Decreasing cloudiness Saturday becoming partly cloudy Sunday. 
SOUTH T EXA S - Decreasing cloudiness Satu rd ay with in­ creasing cloudiness Saturd ay night and Sunday. 
W EST T EXA S - Partly cloudy and cooler through Sunday. 
NATIO N AL — Rain showers and thunderstorms will be scat­ tered from e aste rn 
Texas through the mid and southern 
Atlantic Coast states. Snow will stretch from the upper Missis­ sippi Valley across the northern 
Plains and Rockies into the cen­ tral Rockies. Elsewhere sunny or mostly sunny skies will be seen. Cold tem peratures will continue o ver the n o rth ern 
Rockies and northern Plains. It will be cooler over the central 
Plains Mild conditions will con­ tinue over the southern Atlantic 
Coast states and the Gulf Coast region. Else w h e re , seasonal temperatures will prevail. 

T E M P E R A T U R E E X T R E M E S 
Low: 7 degrees at Gillete, Wvo. 
High: 91 degrees at Ocala, Fla. 

M A R IN E 
W INDS — Southeasterly winds 
17 to 22 mph through Sunday. 
Seas three to five feet. 
T ID E S — Port Aransas for 
Sunday: Highs at 1:22 a.m. and 
1:34 p.m. Lows at 8:11 a.m. and 
8 p.m. Port Isabel for Sunday: 
Highs at 2:21 a m. and 2:33 p.m. 
Lows at 9 o.m. ond 8.49 p.m. 

G R E A T E R SAN ANTO N IO 
San Antonio 
51 
62 
.o6 
SOUTH T E X A S 
Austin 
51 
66 
OO 
Brownsville 
68 
33 
.oo 

Milwaukee 
33 
5o 
.oo 
SAN ANTO NIO 
Minn-St. Paul 3o 
41 
.oo 
P R E C IP IT A T IO N 
Omaha 
44 
6o 
.o4 i m rn * 
Ave. 
Rec.. 
Sit. Ste. Marie 17 
37 
.oo 
Jon. 
3.1o 
o.56 
1.76 
8.32 
N O R T H EA ST 
Feb. 
o.91 
o.13 
1.65 
7.8o 
Boston 
39 
55 
.oo 
Mar. 
o.88 
1.2o 
.167 
4.19 
Buffalo 
28 
48 
.oo 
Apr. 
o.o6 
5.67 
2.28 
It. 64 
Cleveland 
35 
52 
.oo 
1976 
1975 
Ave. 
Rec. 
Columbus 
3o 
6o 
.oo 
M ay 
5 8o 
6.91 
3.45 
14.o7 
New York City 39 
58 
.oo 
Jun 
I 61 
4.6o 
2 95 
1o.44 
Philadelphia 
43 
62 
.oo 
July 
5.39 
o.44 
I 69 
8.18 
Pittsburgh 
35 
55 
.oo 
Aug 
2 o9 
1.22 
2 36 
11.14 
Portland, Me. 32 
48 
.oo 
Soot 
3.79 
o.51 
4.59 
15 71 
Washington 
46 
64 
.oo 
Oct 
8 48 
2 25 
2.3o 
9 56. 
A JO 
Nov. 
2 46 
o.o3 
1.37 
o t v 
Dec 
1.95 
1.48 
1.75 
6.22 
T E X A S W E A T H E R 

 s 

Sporty deck moccasin tie in soft, natural 
Canadian leathers. 
Designed for barefoot comfort in both men's and women’s styles. 
Now with a brand new sole that makes the comfort of Roots one of the nicest feelings on two feet. 
Roots. Sold only at 
Roots shops. 
S37.oo 

Corpus Christi 54 
Cotulla 
Del Rio 
Junction 
Victoria 

Abilene 
Alpine 
Amarillo 
Dallas 
El Paso 
Fort Worth 
Houston 
Lubbock 
Lufkin 
San Angelo 
Waco 

52 
51 
52 
54 
T E X A S 
46 
53 
37 
525o 
51 
53 
39 
51 
47 
52 

71 
66 
76 
8o 
72 

81 
8o 
75 
59 
56 
61 
78 
78 
79 
87 
64 
SO UTH W EST 
Denver 
Honolulu 
Los Angeles 
Las Vegas 
Phoenix 

27 
71 
48 
39 
48 

47 
81 
62 
62 
7o 
4o 
71 
Salt Lake City 33 
San Diego 
51 
SOUTH C E N T R A L 
Kansas City 
44 
64 
Louisville 
38 
71 
Memphis 
47 
62 
Oklahoma City 45 
58 
St. Louis 
37 
65 
Wichita 
41 
61 
SO U TH EAST 
Atlanta 
Birmingham 
Charleston 
Jacksonville 
New Orleans 
Raleigh 
Richmond 
Tampa 

5o 
53 
32 
63 
63 
44 
34 
66 

65 
6o 
61 
84 
82 
73 
7o 
83 
N O RTH W EST 
Bismarck 
Boise 
Casper 
Helena 

49 
48 
39 
39 
57 
38 
58 
55 
5o 

Portland, Ore. 46 
Rapid City 
21 
San Francisco 48 
Seattle 
44 
Spokane 
28 
NORTH C E N T R A L 
Chicago 
35 
59 
Detroit 
32 
SI 
Duluth 
27 
35 
Indianapolis 
32 
63 

.oo 
.oo 
.oo 
OO 
.o5 

.oo 
OO 
.oo 
OO 
OO 
OO 
.oo 
.oo 
.42 
.oo 
.oo 

.o2 
.15 
.oo 
.o1 
.oo 
.o6 
.oo 

.31 
.oo 
.o1 
.oo 
OO 
.oo 
.o2 
.25 
OO 
OO 
OO 
OO 
.oo 
OO 

OO 
.24 
OO 
.oo 
OO 
OO 
OO 
o4 
.oo 

.oo 
.oo 
OO 
OO 

Forecast 

City 
Temproture 

Sot. 
Sun. 

32-51 
Amarillo 
35-55 
Partly cloudy, cool 
Austin 
57-79 
55-75 
Cloudy, cool 
Laredo 
62-79 
57-75 
Cloudy, mild 
Corpus Christi 
65-79 
59-73 
Cloudy, mild 
Victoria 
63-78 
57-75 
Cloudy, mild 
Dollas-Fort Worth 
55-75 49-69 
Cloudy, warm 
McAllen-Brownsville 67-85 65-82 
Cloudy, mild 
Houston 
57-79 55-75 
Cloudy, cool 

F O R E IG N 
(Based on observations taken at 6 a m. Friday San Antonio time. 
Temperatures are in Fahrenheit 
(left! ond Centigrade.) 

Citv .................. Par. 
Cent. 

Aberdeen 
5o IO 
Amsterdam 
48 o9 
Ankara 
77 25 
Antigua 
79 26 
Athens 
64 18 
Auckland 
64 18 
Berlin 
39 o4 
Beirut 
7o 21 
Birmingham 
SO IO 
Bonn 
46 o8 
Brussels 
5o IO 
Cairo 
88 31 
Casablanca 
63 17 

M EXIC O 
(M exican tem peratures ap pear in both Fahrenheit and 
Centigrade or Celsius. Fahren heil is listed first in each column.) 
Acapulco ........... 71/21 
84/29 
Guodalaiara 
. 52n;11 
88/31 
Mazotlan .......... 55/13 
82/28 
Mexico Citv ....61/16 
88/31 
Monterrey ........ 63/17 
75/24 

Roots 
ROOTS NATURAL FOOTWEAR t22T> McCullough 

822-o653 

25oo BROADWAY 
1218 S.W. MILITARY DR. 
SPECIAL PURCHASE 
NORELCO MICRO-WAVE 

R-4ooo 
Electronic Rapid Range 
Microwave Oven with Dial-A-Meal.® 
• Biol A Gcaf~ indicates Hie exact cooking times for almost anything you want to maiio. 
• Automatic dual power— law 245 Watt far Automatic Defrost and delicate foods and 6oo Watt for full microwave pawer. 
• Bell signals end pf cooking time end the even shuts off automatically. 
• large capacity easy ta dean stainless steel even. 
• Oven light stays an during cooking cycle. 
• Attractive woodgrain and chrome design will compliment any kitchen decor. 
• Comprehensive 143 page full solar illustrated recipe book included. 

Sugg. Ret. $429 

9 9 

IO S ANGELES TIMES SERVICE 

TANGIER. Morocco — At lunchtime 
Thursday the pleasant, beige-carpeted dining room aboard the SS Golden 
Odyssey, customarily jam m ed with passengers, was less than one-third lull. 
The diners were clustered together iii one corner on the starboard side of the sparkling esc liner. And the empty tables were a grim reminder to the voyage of the fate of the passengers on the Pan Am 747 destroyed in a collision with a ELM jumbo jet in aviation's greatest disaster. 
En route 
The passengers aboard the Pan Am je tlin e r, alm o st all from the Los 
Angeles area, were en route to Las 
Palmas in the Canary Islands to board the Golden Odyssey for a 12-day cruise to the Mediterranean. 
The ship was scheduled to embark with some 45o passengers. Now only 73 remain aboard. 
“ This has been kind of like a ghost ship," said Mrs. Lorraine Jeffreys, of 
Tacoma, Wash. “ It has been pretty eerie. And we all sort of stick together on the ship." 
Her husband, Alfred, 55. a retired 
Air Force officer added: “ We are be­ ginning to come out of it. It doesn’t quite feel like a haunted house or haunted cruise ship anymore. This was a terrible thing to happen but it has left those of us on board with a certain camaraderie. 
- “ Almost all of us originally planned ti) take the Pan Ani jumbo but couldn’t get on it. or decided to come earlier. . 
Nj a ny had friends killed. We were a shocked bunch of people.’’ 
Earlier Thursday, the big white Greek liner with blue trim m in g cut through the glassy, sun-flecked waters of the Strait of Gibraltar to dock here under the whitewashed buildings marching up the old 
Medina Quarter. 
The sky was cerulean blue. a perfect day for a cruise port of call. 
Bul the debarking passengers, what was left of them, were less than jaunty. 
However, during the day in Tangier, the warbling Mediterranean sun, and the time and distance from last Sun­ day's calamity, seemed to take some of the edge off the ghostlike quality of wjhat was supposed to be tile great pleasure cruise for the passengers, mostly retired persons. 
•The passengers all* paid high com ­ pliments to sliij) ( apt. Yannis Katras, 
C hief Purser Michael Katzourakis, and 
Cruise Director Jon-Jon Dennis for lifting their spirits even though the vessel's chef and a ssista n t pliers' bride-to-be were believed to be killed in the crash. 

 ship had to function and we could not show the passengers we were upset ll would have only upset them more. 
“ I think last night after Casablanca the mood began to change for the bet­ ter. During dinner, most of the pas­ sengers came out of their cocoons. One of the bottles of wine was gift from a victim and we drank a memorial toast. 
For Royal Cruises, which operates the 2oo-crew ship, there was no choice but to go ahead. The passages were paid for and the ship, which has oper­ ated at capacity since it went into ser­ vice two years ago, had to maintain its schedule. 
So the ship continued from Las Pal­ mas. to Madeira, to Casablanca and 
Tangier, continuing to Gibraltar, Ma­ jorca, Malta, Messina, Crete and Pir­ aeus. 
Waiting 
Last Sunday afternoon, most of the remaining passengers had embarked on the Golden Odyssey, waiting for the main party aboard the Pan Am jumbo flying in from New York. 
The first evening aboard was to be a joyous occasion, and a m eetin g of friends. Bottles of wine ordered in ad­ vance were on the tables, the linen and silver were fresh and sparkling, notes of welcome from friends were in the stateroo of expected guests. 
“ During the afternoon, we realized that something was going wrong,” said 
Jam es Dryden, a land developer from 
Anchorage, Alaska. 
“ There was some kind of trouble. 
First we was that there was a bomb at the airportnd the plane was delayed, then it was at Tenerife, then more de- 

Keep going 
“ We were all crying at first.” said purser Katzourakis. Cruise director 
Dennis added: “ It was a great tragedy, but once we decided to keep going, we had to be professional about it. The 

"Almost a ll o f us o rig in a lly p la n n ed to take the Pan Am jum bo but couldn't get on it9 or decided to come earlier. Many had friends killed. We were a shocked bunch o f people" 

 lay. We got worried.” 
At IO p.m., cruise director Dennis broke the ghastly news over the public ad d re ss sv stem . “ TN H AT NIGHT 
WAS TERRIBLE,” SAID Dryden. “ It was hard to find out the details. Things just went to hell for a couple of days. 
But the crew was good about letting us get cables off to relatives back home. 
Empty tables 
His wife, Eleanor, said it was really pitiful looking at all those empty ta­ bles. And Mrs. Alfred Jeffreys added, 
“ as a military wife you get used to emergencies. Every time we heard so­ mething new over the P.A. system we would run to the public rooms to see what we could do, but there wasn't anything to do. 
In trying to maintain a normal rou­ tine, cruise director Dennis said that the keys to the outside doors of stater­ ooms were all removed and people were shifted to be oil one floor. “ We didrf't want to remind people about the 
Three for $169. 

Wall units priced unbelievably right. Complete three unit group as shown is $169. Each ready to assemble unit is 12" deep, 3o" wide. 72" high, and may be purchased separately. 
Sixteen inch depth, extra shelves, and another model offered at slightly higher prices. 
Vinyl clad finishes are white, chocolate brown, walnut, light or dark butcher block. Fin­ ished natural elm veneer wood units are also available. Master Charge, BankAmericard or revolving charge plan. storehouse 

6547 San Pedro at the corner of Jackson Keller (in Village Plaza) tel. 341 -2281. 

 empty cabins. 
Dryden said, however, that he didn't want to move to an upgraded cabin because it was like taking a dead per­ son's room. 
"We have been trying to concentrate on the 7o-odd people left-” said Dennis. ii e n eel. 
“ Now we have. in 
2oo crew 

 m em bers looking after only 7o pas­ sengers.” 
“ We usually have two sittings for meals,” added Dennis, “ but with only one sitting now , the fact that five- sixths of the passenger list is missing doesn't appear so noticeable.” 
One passenger, Harry Marshall, a 

Seattle engineer about to retire, ,*aid 
“ We were thinking of trying to get off the ship and maybe some time later picking up where we left off. But it was just too complicated, and there would have been problem s with im m ig ra­ tions along the way. So we decided to stay on and make the best of it.” 

The 12 burn patients and two ambu­ latory patients at Brooke are all survi­ vors of the collision of two 747 airliners at Tenerife last Sunday which killed 
578 people. 
They were airlifted to Kelly AFB 
Wednesday and transferred to Brooke for treatment. 

SIMMONS save 21.9o to 1oo.95 a set! 
Simmons, maker of quality bedding, introduces 
_r_—k new Glamour Rest 

Dillard’s is headquarters famous Beautyrest1® mattresses 

See our display in our bedding department 

Twin size, reg. 89.95 ea. pc. 

 ea. pc. 

Full size, reg. 1o9.95 ea. pc 
*89 ea. pc. 
Queen size 2-pc. set, reg. 299.95 . *219 set 
King size 3-pc. set, reg. 399.95 . . . *299 set 

Fine cushioning materials over an extra firm innerspring mattress with matching box spring are top quality features of this superb new line of top quality bedding from Simmons, the maker of Beautyrest”. Available in twin, full pieces or king and queen sets to suit your bedding requirements, this introductory offer is one at savings you won’t want to miss. 

Bedding 

Allow 7-1o days for delivery. 

SHOP MONDAY THRU SATURDAY 1o ’Tit 9 

Son Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— Saturday April 2 1977 

I crash survivor develops infection 

Only three patients re­ main on the very criti- cal list. "We have those who can move walking arou nd the w ard and have started them on physical therapy activi­ ty'*____________ 

 treatm en t was b eg u n ,’’ Maj. T reat said. “ All we can say is this does wor­ sen the patient s condition.” 
Maj. Treat said burn center doctors could not determine whether the in­ fection resulted during the patient's flight from Tenerife, Canary Islands, or since the patient’s arrival at Kelly 
AFB Wednesday. 
“ Due to the nature of the patient s burns, the infection entered the bod.' victims 

 and into the blood stream, spreading widely through the body,” he said. 
Maj. Treat cited the federal privacy act in refusing to identify the patient by name, age or degree of burn injury. 
Stable 
He also stated all other burned sur­ vivors’ conditions rem ained stable durin g the 24-hour period ending 
Friday morning. 
“ One patient was tranferred out of intensive care into the regular burn ward,” he said. “ All are up and around and coherent.” 
He said only three patients remain on the very critical list. “ We have those who can move walking around the ward and have started them on physical therapy activity,” he said. 

“ Those who can’t walk are put in wheelchairs so they don’t have to stay confined to bed for too long a period of time.” 
All 12 burn patients are receiving visitors, Maj. Treat said. All 14 survi­ vors hospitalized at Brooke now have family members in San Antonio. 

Collision 
Cruise continues without crash 

Bodies of some of the Dutch victims of Sunday’s jumbo jet collision in Tenerife are unloaded from a truck for transfer to a KLM jet and a trip back to The Netherlands. All 249 passengers and crewmembers on the KLM 
7 4 7 died in the fiery crash with a Pan Am 7 4 7 — AP Wirephoto 

By D AVID MCLEMORE 
EXPRESS N EW S MEDICAL WRITER 
One of the 12 severely burned survivors of the Tenerife air crash has developed a wide­ spread infection, Brooke Army 
Medical Center burn specialists said Friday. 
Maj*'Richard Treat, a physician at the Army’s Institute for Surgical Re­ search burn center at Brooke, said the infection is being treated but it has worsened the patient's condition. 
The patient, one of three survivors still in intensive care because of their m ore sev e re bu rns, has not been placed in isolation, but extra precau­ tions are being taken in all contact with the patient, Maj. Treat said. 
Detected early 
“ The patient’s infection was detect­ ed early W edneday and intensified 

San Antonio EXPRESS-N EW S— Saturday April 2 1977 
Saccharin defended 

SARASOTA, Fla. (A P) 
— There is no evidence that saccharin, which the federal government has proposed banning, causes human cancer, the president of the 
American Cancer Society said Friday. 
Dr. R. Lee Clark said, however, that the society will investigate the pos­ sibility that saccharin could cause cancer in humans, and will also urge a study of saccharin 
“ by independent scien­ tists.” 
Review 

“ We believe that sac­ charin also requires special congressional review, to determine if it should be exempted from the 
Delaney 
Clause because of its importance in medical treatments” 
Of diabetics and the obese. 
The Delaney Clause, part of the federal laws on control of foods and drugs, forbids adding to human foods any chemicals that produce cancer in test animals no matter what amount is fed them. 
The Food and Drug 
Administration is in the process of banning the artificial sweetener because 
Canadian studies found that large doses produced bladder cancer in some rats. The 
FDA said a person would have to drink 8oo glasses of saccbarin-sweetcnod soft drinks a day for his lifetime to take in the amount of the chemical given to the animals in a short time. 
Clark said that under law the F D A had no choice but to ban sac­ charin. But “ we would hope in the future to see dosage studies” more like the amounts actually consumed by humans when suspected cancer agents are tested in an­ imals. 
Sophisticated 

He said testing had become more sophis­ ticated now, and it is time to re-evaluate such things as dosage, cost- versus risk ratios and how validly animal re­ sults apply to humans. 
Speaking at the open­ ing of the cancer socie­ ty’s 19th annual science writers seminar, Clark dec I ami that the FDA in the past year or so “ in effect impeded the clinical investigations of just about every new 

 prom ising compound country. 

 anticancer in this 

“ They did so by apply­ ing another mandate — by demanding that all drugs be proved safe as well as effective.” 

But he said safety is a relative thing for people , who likely will otherwise die if not given a new drug. He said specialists of the National Cancer 
Institute have accepted 
“ that a certain degree of risk of potential side ef­ fects is acceptable, providing there is the probability of benefit to the treated patient.” 

A disagreement between researchers and some 
FDA officials 
“ brought new drug in­ vestigations to a halt in the United States for a period of months, but currently both agencies are reaching a more realistic compromise about this problem.” 

Clark said the overall cancer death rate in this country in 1975 declined by seven-tenths of one per cent. 

TTT? 

The presidential yacht, Sequoia, is up for sale because President Carter found it costs taxpayers $8oo,ooo a year and he never uses it. In fact, Carter has never even seen it. A White House spokesman said the boat might bring the government 
$2oo,ooo to $4oo,ooo 
- AP W ire­ photo 
Unemployment goes down after winter 

WASHINGTON (A P ) 
— 
Unemployment dropped to 7..‘I per cent in 
March as a half million more Americans found jobs — a sign the econ­ omy is growing again after the harsh w inter. 
The decline in the un­ employment rate, reported Friday by the 
Labor 
Department, marked a return to the level in January before weather-related energy shortages began to affect the economy. The jobless rate in February was 7.5 per cent. 

The government said all of the reduction in unemployment took place among adult men, including . thousands recalled from layoffs when the weather im­ proved. 
Total employment also grew for the fifth straight month, rising by 513,9oo in March to 89.5 million. 
About 57 per cent of the population was working, the highest percentage in 
29 months. 

Terrific furniture showroom, in Today’s 
Want Ads 

Turn to the Classified section and 

 check over the large selection of 

 good buys right now. 
Express/News 

Classified Ads 

PHONE 
225-1666 

Government econ­ omists. noting the im ­ provement, expressed confidence that the ad­ ministration would be able to reduce jobless­ ness below 7 per cent by the end of the year. 
“ The March data are encouraging in the sense that they show em­ ployment and production has resumed after the winter interruption,” said Courtenay Slater, the Commerce Depart­ ment’s chief economist. 
Prospects 
“ The prospects for the remainder of the year are pretty favorable,” as­ suming Congress ap­ proves 
President 
Carter’s economic stimulus program, she said. The proposal for a 
$59 tax rebate for all 
Americans has encoun­ tered stiff opposition from some senators who contend the economy would bt* better off with a permanent tax cut. 
Jack Carlson, chief economist of the 
Chamber of Commerce, said the improvement in employment and unem­ ployment “ reveals the strength of the economy” and makes the $5o rebate unnecessary. 
But 
AFL-C1o 
P re ­ sident George Meany disagreed and said the latest new figures “ only show the horrible winter is over.” 
“ Despite all the talk in 
Washington about ‘econ­ omic stimulus,’ nothing concrete has been ac­ complished and the need for governmental action remains acute,” Meany said. 
The total number of unemployed workers in 
March dropped about 
199,99o, to 7.1 million. 

San Antonio EXPRESS-N EW S— Saturday April 2 I 977 

Most of the decline oc­ curred among workers w ho had lost or were laid off their last job. 
The civilian labor force, which includes those employed and those looking for work, rose by 
49o.999 last month to a total of 99.9 million. The work force has grown by 
2.7 million over the past year. 
Since reaching a recession high of 9 per cent in May 1975, the un­ employment rate had gradually fallen, drop­ ping to 8 per cent last 
November. It fell to a post-recession low of 7.3 per cent in January before weather problems affected the recovery. 

Declined 

Total unemployment has declined by nearly 
99o.999 - 5o9.999 men and 1o9.o9o women — since November. 
The improvement in unemployment among adult men last month caused their jobless rate to decline from 5.9 to 5.4 , per cent. Declines also were reported among male household heads, married men, full-time workers and manufac­ turing and construction workers. 
Jobless rates for other groups — for example, teen-agers at 
18.8 per cent, and adult women at 
7.2 per cent — showed little change in March. 
The average length of u employment/ declined for the second straight month, dropping from 
14.7 to 14.9 weeks, the lowest point in nearly two years, the government said. The number of workers on the job part­ time declined by 199.o99 lo 3.3 million. 
BILL MILLER BARBQ U E COUPON 

Bar-B-Q Beef Poorboy& Potato Sala 

'A lb. Juicy BBQ Beef on a twisted poppy­ seed bun with pickle and onion and V« lb. portion of potato salad...regularly $1.45 
TO GO ONLY 

SPECIALS EFFECTIVE THRU W EDNESDAY, APRIL 6, 1677 

FRESH BAKED 
BROWNIES,io< 

SWEET ICED 
TEA 
79*plus dep. 

PEOPLE WHO 
REALLYKHOW 
SELECT/ON, 
__........ 
LOVE/PAZ. 

SIS* I WO 

COAST TO COAST 

 upon sale 

SAVE *2o 

72" SOF A 

Special Lou Prices! Special Coupon Discounts! You 

Couldn't Pick A Better Time To Come To Lev itz And 

Enjoy Giant Sa\ings On Our Entire Showroom Of 

 f jmous Brand Furniture! 

■■■■ mmmwm 

 r n 
' - 
-A I 

/ 
I 
"I h ’ A-, 
— 
I 
V , 
* 

 f fxC'TA jl fc 
(K . r\ < . 
' 
* immmmmmm 

; k.s 
\ 
. I —r 

Transform Your Room For Less 
Than You Dreamed Possible! 

Discover the new breed of furniture: easy to assemble, 

 easy to live and move with ... extra easy to afford! Rich 

 frames ot natural Ponderosa Pine have a Walnut tone 

 finish, comfortable tufted padding covered in durable 

Herculon* olefin, high pressure laminated table tops. 

Save On Dining Pieces Crafted 
With An Heirloom Look By Singer! 

Start a tradition of gracious dining with this superb set 

 featuring a 4o".\6o"-96" oval table and I arm and 3 side 

 chairs with velvety 2" seat cushions. You'll prize the 

Traditional sty ling in a deep, rich Pecan tone finish on se­ 

 lected hardwoods, wood products, and simulated wood. 

REG. $249-5o" wide lighted, glass shelved china.. $197 
SAVE 
*52 

T A BLE & 4 C H A IR S REG . $3?9 

REG. $189 

REG. SI69-49” Loveseat 

RLO. SI 19-Chair......... 

RIC). $5o-Ottoman — 

REG . S59-Cocktail Table 

REG . $59-1 amp Table. - 

THIS COUPON WORTH 
*2oo 

On!> One Coupon PerCustomeE Per Purchase On Any Purchase 

Regularly Priced SI6oo to SI9oo Applies, To Everything In Stock 

Except Advertised Items Oiler Good I brough April I! rn mm mm mm mm wmm mmm mm mm 
THIS COUPON WORTH 

$15o 

- 
I 

I 

_ _ 
^ 
A > 

' J®*.' 
,1 

W W ! WWWW 

 i r * £ rn "t! t i w ww rn % 

 m m m - rn 

I se This 9-Pc. Comer 
Group Round The Clock! 

Seat’n sleep group in­ 

 cludes 2 mattresses. 2 

 foundations on casters. 2 

 bolsters, Herculon®' ole- 

 tin covers, corner table of 

Pine tone wood pro­ 

 ducts, simulated wood. 

CLIP ’N’ 
SAVE 
*3o 

Save O 
Table*' 
Spanish Sty Ie 
M I Low Price! 

2-PC. S L I 

ALLo Prs 

REG . $219 

 m u 

Full Size Simmons Bedding features a 

 luxury firm innerspring mattress with 

 unique fabric covering, multi-needle quilted 

 to lavers of thick cotton felt. I he matching 

 box spring provides long-lasting support. 
REG . $198 

“ 
X X X 
CLIP ’N’ 
SAVE 
*6o 

IM F P I I I I ll) 

REG . $229 

Rock And Recline In 
This Super Relaxer! 

I here's welcome comfort 

 in e\crv inch of its fine 

 construction. Enjoy this 

 rocker recliner in rich 

 unvl and Hcrculbn* ole­ 

 fin, with 3 positions and 

 gentle rocking case. 

WWWW M 
S I 

Look! Clk tone lattice­ 

 work do!tv have lu^li cold 

 velvet nserts. Choose 

6(1x24 Cocktail Table. 

26x24 Hexagon or 2s” 

Sq. Coni node. . . all with 

 mar-pi L f plastic tops. 

A O I RC H O K L 

EA CH PIECE 

REG . $89 

CLIP ’N’ 
SAVE 
*4o 

CLIP ’N’ 
SAVE 
$3o 

REG. $99 

If You’ve Got Kids, This Colonial 
Stvle Bunk Bed Is A Must-See Value! 

Find out todav why this bunk bed is a constant best seller! 

It’s built to give rugged serv ice ... with rich Colonial sty ling. 

 ladder and guard rail. I se ll now to save space and give the 

 kids bunk bed sleeping tun. Later convert it to twin beds! En- 

 iov unbeatable versatility ... at a super value price todav! wwww — wm mm p w m m x h 

Show■Dp This Rich 
J acquit Look Sofa! 

Enjoy w a y s right” Tra- 

 ditiona Styling in a richly 

 w ove- * ra y o n /c o t - 

 ton/atftate jacquard. 

 with matching arm 

 bolster and soft, comfor­ 

 table Naiflex* cushions! 

REG . $499 

Onlv One Coupon Per Customer Per Purchase On Any Purchase 

Regularly Priced SI2oo to SI599. Applies To Everything In Stock 

Except Advertised Items. Otter Good Through April 11 nm mm wa f 
THIS COUPON WORTH 

$IOO 

Only One Coupon Per Customer E’er Purchase On Any Purchase 

Regularly Priced $9oo to SI 199 Applies To Everything In Stock 

Except Advertised Items. Offer Good Ihrough April ll rn wmm wmm-- m m i w f mom wmm m m wm 
THIS COUPON WORTH 

 v .■I 

SAVE *1o2 
Match Your Modem Lifestyle With 
This Striking Bedroom By Barker! 

I! you like the pure. clean lines of contemporary design. 

 this is the bedroom for you! It includes a 9-drawer triple 

 dresser. 2 mirrors, night stand, and tull/queen size head­ 

 board. I he elegant simplicity of its lines is enhanced by 

 rich Pecan graining on engraved wood products and se­ 

 lected hardwoods, accented by sleek Brass tone pulls. 

Make it a must-see now! 

REG. $169-Chest.................................................... $147 

 m om H 
WWWW M M I 

Al I 5 PCS. 

 rcLi 
’N 
SAAH 
(E J 
L*1oioj 

REG. $449 

 n i l mm MiG rn 

- * 3 4 

REG. $229 

5-D RAW ER C H E S T ...5199 

 iA> 

Onlv One Coupon Per Customer Per Purchase ( ’*. Any Purchase 

Regularly Priced SMM) to $899 Applies To I vcl>thing In Stock 
| 

Except Advertised Items. Oiler Good Ihrough April Ii rn mm mm mm mm mm warn mw mm g 
THIS COUPON WORTH 
*5o 
I 

Onlv One Coupon Per C ustomer Per Purchase On Any Purchase 

Regularly Priced $5oo to $699 Applies lo I very thing In Stock 
I 

Except Advertised items. Oiler Good Ihrough April ll 

W MMR .M .. MHH M S M V M M I N M I H E 8 

THIS COUPON WORTH 

Add This Colonial Pub 
Style Sofa By Kroehler! 

It’s perfect for your care- 

 trec lifestyle in durable 

H ercules olefin plaid. 

 with expensive looking 

 nailhead trim. deep 

 seated comfort and resi­ 

 lient spring base 

Only One Coupon Per C ustomer E’er Purchase On Any Purchase 

RcguTuTly Priced $25o to $499. Applies To Everything In Stock 

I xcept Advertised Items. Oiler Good Ihrough April ll 

W k * * 
THIS COUPON WORTH 

R EG $469 
Only One Coupon E’er Customer Per Purchase On Any Purchase 

Regularly Priced SUH) to $249 \pplies To I v cry thing In Stock 

I xcept Advertised Items Oiler Good Ihrough April ll hmi M i mm mmm wmm mm 

REG. $599 

A L L 4 PCS. 

Thomasville 4-Pc. Bedroom includes a 

Mediterranean 9-drawer dresser, mirror, 

 night stand and tull/queen size headboard in 

 rich Oak veneers. Oak solids, engraved 

 wood products and simulated wood. 

 today 

IO A.M. TO 9 P.M. I 

SUNDAY I TO S PM BROW SING I 

THIS COUPON WORTH 

$ 

Only One Coupon Per Customer E’er Purchase On Any Purchase 

Regularly Priced $5o to $99 Applie' To E vervthing In Stock Ex­ 

 cept Advertised Items. Offer Good Ihrough April ll 
JOIN THE PEOPLE WHO REALLY KNOW... ANDYOU’LL LOVE IT AT LEVITZ TOO! 

H W W S H S I m w 

543o GREAT FARE ROAD loop (41o) and 1-35 at Rittiman Rd. Exit 
San Antonio, Texas w h il e su pply 
(512) 661 5331 

PRICES GOOD THROlOH APRIL ll 

All merchandise is priced for pickup al our dock in the anginal factory 

 container Or. it you wish. we'll deliver for an additional charge 

ASIS 

D urand hawesn 

R E T A IL E R 
O F T H E Y E A R 

KEEP-YOUR COOL 

 lf aou have a problem your local store manager doesn't solve. 

Call Miami, Fla. Headquarters 
Toll Free 1-8oo-327-7645 

 a 

San Antonio E X P R E S S -N E W S — 
Saturday April 2 I 9 7 7 

J ' 

 i?P- 
:^»s 
§ 

.... % 

A 

Residents in the Ellsworth A FB housing coiViplex at Rapid City^ S.D., were not joking when they said they couldn't find their cars after an end-of-M arch storm dum ped more than two feet of snow and 45 miles per hour winds created drifts. — A P W irephoto. 

 v t 

' 
' 
" 
" 
O 
T 
25oo B roadw ay I 21 8 S. W . M ilitary Drive 

NEW HOURS 
W O N .-SAT. 1o-7 
FRI. 1o-9 
DIGITAL ALARM 
SUGG. RETAIL 15.5o f ^ o 9 

WHILE THEY LAST 

176-oo1 

DELUXE DIGITAL ALARM CLOCK. Large lighted leaf-type numerals are easy to see in any light. 24 hour alarm system, with 

AM ppd PM armings, tan be set a1 1o-minute intervals Revolving seconds indicator Whisper-quiet operation. Modern 

 brown case with black/sliver outline front. High impact styrene. 3 % x7 % x4’/j, 12oV, 6o Hz. 
L.E.D. ALARM 
SUGG. RET. 28.5o 

# 1 
4 
" i *i ft Q 
I c 1. ( J 

WHILE THEY LAST 
1 7 6 -o 1 3 

1 o o % SOLID STATE ELECTRONIC ALARM CLOCK, long life, completely silent operation. Computer-type 7/1o” LED display. 
Electronic 24-hour (beep tone) alarm memory. Lighted alarm set and PM indicators. “Fast' and “Slow ' scanning con trois and "seconds set" for accurate time setting. Touch 'n Drowse repeat alarm. Simulated wood walnut-groined finished 

 high impact styrene cabinet. 2 V ix 6 % ", 
L.E.D. AM/FM CLOCK RADIO 
SUGG. RET. 54.oo 

* 29 " 

WHILE THEY LAST 

1 7 6 -o 1 6 

1 o o % SOLID STATE ELECTRONIC CLOCK and FULL-FEATURE AM/FM RADIO. Computer-type 9/1o” LED Display. Wake to music, sleep to music wake to music. Fast/Slow scanning controls, "seconds set” for easy time settings. 24-hr. memory alarm with automatic shut-off and recall. Touch n Drowse. Power failure indicator. Rotary drum direct tuning dial. Alarm set indicator. Simulated wood wolnut-groin finish high impact styrene cabinet. 3x1 VSx8". 12oV, 6o Hz. 

 a m T f m s t e r e o r a d i o , 
8 TRA CK TAPE 
PIUS STEREO RECORD CHANGER 

 lighted dial wet. and IM star*, indicator 
PuchfcultOM for po war and A K 
Rotary control! for velum., balonea, bose, tr.bl. 
H rock ploy.r wrtfi auto or manual program twinning fw . 5 " foil rang. batt r«ft»* tpaak.r tyrants 
Dnm ntioitt: 

R m .rv m — M V ,'W .< U V, "D.»14 I J / 1 6 H 

S p ^ k .n - I S * /," H .* 1 o '/." W .« « V i" D . 
• M i m e BS* rtf Ord thongor • flayt 3-tp.tds (33, 
45, 7*). locking Ion. orm, Flip-ev.r ttylui • Potch rordt and tmokad acrylic dull co n f a Dim.ntiont: 

I S ' / , " H . . 1 4 ' , V O 

Sugg. Retail 
$195.do 

Hurry-Quontities 

ARE LIMITED 

SOtRY HO LAYAWAY! 9 9 
9 
9 

HOOVER 
SALE 
THE DIAL-A-MATIC, HOOVER'S 
MOST POWERFUL UPRIGHT CLEANER 

U prigh t efficiency w ith all the v e r ­ satility of a can iste r clean er. C o n ­ ve rts in se co n d s fo r a ttach m e n ts. 
R igid b a g h o u sin g h o ld s e x tra la rg e th ro w -a w a y b a g - e a s y to c* 
. g e in seconds! T im e -T o -E m p ty sig, 
1 tells w hen b a g is full. 

SORRY - 
NO CHARGE CARDS 
OR LAYAWAYS 
AT THESE 
PRICES 

TWO r CLEANERS IN 
ONE WITH 
OPTIONAL 
DELUXE TOOLS 

Sugg. Retail $124.95 

* 7 
9 
,ltt 

EXTRA PACKAGE 

OE BAGS » 9 < 

EXTRA PACKAGE 
Of BUIS 
9 
7 
* 

3-PO SITION 
RUG ADJUSTMENT 

(Jp-front T-Bor shift lever lets you 

 adjust instantly for m axim um 

 cleaning efficiency on all carpets 

. . . low Pile to Deep Shag. 

MEN’S L.E.D. WATCHES 

ALL METAL 
CASE AND 
BRACELET 

White or Yellow 

Not exactly as shown 

6 FUNCTION 
• HOUR 

• MINUTE 
• SECOND 
• DATE 
• DAY 

• MONTH 

SPECIAL s i 5 * 9 9 
PURCHASE 
! - « 

Tim e to vote 

Polling places will be open from 7 a.m. to 7 p.m. Saturday 

 for City Council, area municipal 

 and school elections. 

S. A. polling places 

Pct. 
A d d re ss 
1o1 — Tafolla School, 13o3 W 
D u ra n g o 
1o2 
— 
B ra c k e n rid g e 
School, 
1214 
G u ad alu p e 
1o3 — La n ie r H igh, 1514 W est D u ra n g o 
1o4 — D e Z a v a la School, 2311 S a n L u is 
1o5 — B a rc la y School, 1112 S. Z a rz a m o r a 
1o6 — Im m acu late Conception, 314 M e r id a 
1o7 — B risc o e School, 2o15 S 
F lo re s 
1o8 — B u rb a n k H igh, 1oo2 E d w a r d s 
1o9 — St. Ja m e s L ib ra ry , 9o7 W est T h eo 
11o — C ollins G a rd e n s Sch., 167 H a r rim a n 
Live Oak tops suburb balloting 

Live Oak’s City Council election appears to be the most heated am ong 21 
San Antonio area com ­ munities holding m un ­ icipal elections Saturday. 

V o te rs in L iv e O ak will c h o o s e f r o m a m o n g l l candidates for four council posts. 
In t e re s t in L iv e O a k 's election h a s been whetted bv c o n t r o v e r s ie s o v e r a local w ater district and the new city charter. 
M u n ic ip a lit ie s a n d c a n ­ didates are: 
L IV E O A K 
Soul Z a la z n ic k , ru n n in g a g a in st In c u m b e n t K a r e n 
M c In t y r e to r 
P la c e 
I. 
J a m e s R. T e m p le ton and 
L in d a R. B la c k m a n a r e w in g for the P la ce 2 slot. 
J a m e s H o f f m a n fa c e s three ca n d id ate s, O lg a R. 
B o ld u c, W illia m E. L o n g and T h a d e u s Siw e cki, for 
Place 5. 
V e rn W. H onan, John W. 
P r e n t is s a n d W illia m G. 
L a v are all ru n n in g for the 
Place 3 position. 
C a n d id a t e s fr o m o th e r s u b u r b a n c itie s w h o w ill face voters A p ril 2 are: 
A L A M O H E IG H T S 
T w o c u r r e n t c o u n c il m em b ers seek the m a y o r 's slot vacated bv L u kin G il­ lia n d . 
T h e y a r e : 
E ld in 
M c G a u g h y and C lyd e Kyle. 
In c u m b e n t W illia m D. 
Balthrope is u n opp ose d in 
P la c e I. T w o c a n d id a te s, 
D r. W illia m S tro z ie r a n d 
R ob ert Faw cett, how ever, seek the P la ce 2 slot. 
V oting will be held at the 
A lam o 
H e igh ts 
F ire 
Station. 
B A L C O N E S H E IG H T S 
T h re e in c u m b e n ts filed tor their c u rre n t positions on the city co u n cil. T h ey are : John C. Staew en, in 
P la c e 
5; 
V e r n o n 
V . 
L a B a u v e , 
P la c e 
4 a n d 
V iv ia n Lane, P la ce 3. 
Voting will be held at the 
B alcones 
H e igh ts 
F ire 
Station. 
C A S T L E H IL L S 
M a y o r H .P. L u n d b la d e is unopp osed for re-election. 
In c u m b e n t 
C o u n c ilm a n 
N ig a l A. T im m o n s , h ow ever faces 
Bill 
J. 
Cobb a n d In c u m b e n t C u rtis N. 
Cox faces N ell G re e n for at-large council positions. 
C H IN A G R O V E 
S ix c a n d id a te s filed for the five at-large a ld e rm a n positions open. F o u r of the six are incum b ents R ob erto 
A g u ila r, D o r o th y Bettlce, 
Ja m e s F u rlo n g and B u rie n 
H orton. A ls o ru n n in g are 
C h a rle s K e lly and D w a y n e 
P a rke r. 
A ld e rm a n Jo h n P a ss a n o is u n o p p o s e d fo r the m a y o r 's slo t v a c a te d by 
H a ro ld M y e r s, w ho is not seeking re-election. 
C IB O L O 
T h r e e c a n d id a t e s a r e ru n n in g for at-large council posts. T h e y a re : Jo h n A. 
Sippel, m a y o r ; S ig S w e n ­ son, P la c e 2 and W illia m 
W ierderstein, P lace 3. 
C O N V E R S E 
T h ree office-seekers a re v y in g for the two at-large positions. Incum bent N o rris 
H a m ilt o n f a c e s 
D e n v e r 
W ood and 
Rob ert 
Richerson. 
Incum bent M a y o r Joseph 
J. Staudt is unopposed. 

 m i na * ii 
C 

Classic sun sandal for men and worrier in soft Canadian lea then 
Fully leather lined with foam-padded insole and three adjustable straps for jierfeet lit. 
Now with a brand new 
Sole that makes the comfort of Hoots one of the nicest feelings on two feet. 
Roots. Sold only at 
Roots shops. 

S 28 

(Hill' 

ROCrib NATURAL FOOTWE AR 

1225 M cC u llo u gh 
822-o653 

E L M E N D O R F 
Tw o incum b ents face op­ p o sitio n for tow n c o u n c il positions. In c u m b e n t S ta n ­ ley L a m b e rt, in P la c e I, fa c e s D a rio G u e rr a w hile in c u m b e n t M ic h a e l B a ll v ie w w ith 
S e v r ia n o 
Sauced a in P la ce 2. 
G R E Y F O R E S T 
It s a race of incum b ents with M o ro n H eister ru n n in g in P la c e I, R u th M o r r i s s e e k in g a n o th e r te rm in 
P la c e 3 a n d in c u m b e n t 
C laude Y a e g e r ru n n in g for 
Place 5. 
AM are unopposed. 
K I L L C O U N T R Y V I L L A G E 
P la c e 3 in c u m b e n t E d ­ w ard R. M c N a b b Jr. faces 
M rs. Editt) Z a u d e r in the o n ly c o n t e st e d e le c tio n . 
Place I incum bent D oro th y 
R . C o le m e re a n d P la c e 5 in c u m b e n t H. G. V in c e n t are unopposed in their races. 
H O L L Y W O O D P A R K 
T h re e in c u m b e n t s fac e opposition for city council positions. 
R o b e rt N o u rie s e e k s r e ­ election in P la c e I a g a in st 
C h a rle s Skid m ore. 
T h ree ca ndid ates a re v y ­ ing for P la c e 3, in clu d in g 
R eginald Kidw ell, Sa m W. 
V a n der W eide and 
N.B. 
H a rriso n and Steve Spaugh. 
K I R B Y 
T h r e e c a n d id a t e s a r e r u n n in g fo r the m a y o r ’s slot, in c lu d in g in c u m b e n t 
M ilton J. H oeneke He faces 
R.D. "B o b " M ille r and L.W. 
" R o y " Sweet. 
In c u m b e n t C o u n c ilm a n 
J e rry K n e u p p e r fa c e s o p ­ p o sitio n in P la c e 4 fro m 
A rn old J. Johnson. In c u m ­ bents V e ra F y e r, P la ce I, and Cliff B u n d ick , P lace 3, are unopposed. 
L E O N V A L L E Y 
Place 3 in cu m b e n t Ja k e 
A n d re w s fa c e s o p p o sitio n from M a rg a re t R e a v e s in the only race in v o lv in g an incum bent. 
Oleo 
Y a rn e ll and 
Abe 
B ald rid ge face each other for the P lace 5 slot w hile 
M ichael R. M a rtin and Ron 
L a m m e rt battle it out for 
P lace I. 

O L M O S P A R K 
O lm os P a rk vote rs have only unopposed choices for three at-large council posts this year. 
In c u m b e n t s M r s . M a r ­ shall B. M ille r and W illiam 
B. C a ve n d e r both filed for re-election. A lso ru n n in g is 
W oodrow Altgelt Jr. 

S C H E R T Z 
T w o in c u m b e n t s a r e a m o n g six c a n d id a te s for three council slots. 
In c u m b e n t 
W a lt e r 
W. 
S c h n e id e r fa c e s S h e r m a n 
E. D a v is in P la c e 3, while incum bent L. S h a rp e ru n s a g a in s t E a r l S a w y e r fo r 
Place 4. 
E d g a r E. Jo h n so n faces 
Tom De K u n d e r for P la c e 
5. 
S E L M A 
T h re e c a n d id a t e s se e k three council positions. In ­ c u m b e n t s 
J u liu s 
C e ile , 
P la c e 5, a n d E lg in F r ie - senhan, Place 4, an d A lv in 
F re y, 
Place 
6, a re all unopposed. 
S H A V A N O P A R K 
F iv e p e rso n s, in c lu d in g one incum bent, filed for the tw o a t -la r g e c o n c il p o s i­ tions. C o u n c ilm a n F r a n k 
G ru e n , h o w e v e r, is u n o p ­ posed for the m a y o r s race. 
See kin g the council p o si­ t io n s a r e : in c u m b e n t 
C h a rle s 
Joseph, 
Elliott 
Floyd , M ic h a e l S a u d e r, R i­ c h a rd P o w e ll a n d R u s s e ll 
H oaster and E d T h om as. 
T E R R E L L H IL L S 
P la c e 
3 in c u m b e n t 
A m a n d a O c h se fa c e s Joe 
C. C h a p m a n , w hile in c u m ­ bent Rob ert T ra v is, P la ce 
4, f a c e s tw o o p p o n e n t s . 
T h e y a re D a v id W. N e w ­ m an and B a rb a r a Alden. 
S O M E R S E T 
S ix o f f ic e - s e e k e r s a r e v y in g fo r th re e a t - la r g e positions on the town co u n ­ c il. 
T h r e e in c u m b e n t s , 
A d o lp h H o ffm a n , T .P . Al- co rta and G la d y s J a m e s, filed for re-election. 
A ls o s e e k in g the th re e p o sitio n s a re D o ily J a c k ­ so n , M ik e M u s h a l la a n d 
P re sto n M iller. 
U N IV E R S A L C IT Y 
Fo u r candid ates a re ru n ­ ning for the three at-large town council positions. T h e c o n t e s t a n t s a r e 
C ly d e 
Hales, Robert E. Pace, A n n 
Strother and 
Jo se p h 
D. 
M a rk s. 
W IN D C R E S T 
T h r e e c o n t e s t a n t s a r e r u n n in g fo r m a y o r w h ile two office se e k e rs a re try ­ ing for at-large council positions. 
M a y o r a l c a n d id a te s a re 
R o b e rt O. W h itm o re , W il­ liam H am ilton an d D on a ld 
H. M erten. 
H a r r y 
L. 
G a n s , 
J o h n 
M e le k y and J a m e s S. N o w a re the contestants tor the two at la rge council positions. 

111 — Storm School, 435 B ra d y 
112 — R h od e s Ju n io r H igh, 3ooo T a m p ic o 
113 — E d g e w o o d J u n io r H igh , 523 C u p p ie s 
Roa d 
114 — G a rd e n d a le School, 173o Athel 
115 — G a rd e n d a le School, 173o Athel 
116 — G a rd e n d a le School, 173o Athel 
117 
— 
B rentw ood 
J u n io r 
H igh , 
1626 
T h om p so n 
118 — K e lly School, 1o26 T h o m p so n 
119 — G ra e b n e r School, 53o H o o ve r 
12o — Stonew all School, 8o4 Stonew all 
121 — H a rla n d a le C ivic C enter, T IS W 
S o u th c ro ss 
122 — C o lu m b ia Hts. School, 161o Fitch 
123 
— 
F ire 
Station 
No. 
25, 
2242 
W 
S o u th c ro ss 
124 — Collier School, 834 W. S o u th c ro ss 
125 — R a y b u rn School, 635 R a y b u rn 
126 — S A N Y O , 6819 S. Z a rz a m o ra 
127 — V esta l School, T ill W. V e sta l P la c e 
128 — Gillette School, 625 G illette Blvd. 
129 — K in d re d School, 7811 K in d re d 
13o — D e P a u l 
F a m i l y 
C e n t e r , 
76o3 
S om e rse t Road 
131 — S h e p a rd M id d le School, 87o2 E lliso n 
D riv e 
132 — B ob H ope School, 3o14 R e fo rm e 
134 — R o y a lg a te School, 61oo R o y a lg a te 
136 
— 
R a y b u rn 
J u n io r 
H igh , 
14oo 
C e d a rh u rst 
144 —-V a lle v -H i School, 57o2 E lliso n D riv e 
146 — In d ian C re e k School, 578o P e a rsa ll 
Roa d 
147 — Bob H ope School, 3o14 R e fo rm e 
148 — O liv a re s School, 145o Gillette Ave. 
153 — P ric e School, 245 P ric e Ave. 
2o1 — M a rg il School, 6o1 N. L a s M o r a s 
2o2 — Bow ie School, 451 A rb o r P la c e 
2o3 — C rockett School, 2215 M o r a le s 
2o4 — S a n Ju a n C h u rc h H all, 3231 E l P a so 
2o5 — L a s P a lm a s School, 115 L a s P a lm a s 
2o6 — C enizo P a rk School, 28oo A rb o r 
P la ce 
2o7 — O gden School, 2215 Le al 
2o8 — W est E n d B aptist Ch., 925 C u le b ra 
2o9 — W ood law n M e th od ist Ch., 17o1 W. 
W ood law n 
21o 
— 
M a n n 
J u n io r 
H igh , 
2123 
W. 
H u isa c h e 
211 — Fe n w ick School, 193o W a v e rly 
212 — T ru m a n J u n io r H igh, 1ooo N. W. 
34th St. 
213 — E d ge w o od H igh, 6o7 S. W. 34th St. 
214 — Lin coln School, 563 S. W. 4oth St. 
215 — H oly F a m ily P a rish , 152 F lo re n c ia 
216 — H uppertz School, 247 B a n g o r 
217 — Longfellow J u n io r H igh , 
113o E. 
Su n sh in e 
218 — G ra c e P re sb y te ria n Ch., B o y Scout 
H all; 131 Se n isa D riv e 
219 — W ood law n C h ristia n C h u rc h , 1744 
W. G ra m e rc y 
22o — R e d e e m e r L u th e ra n C h u rc h , 25o7 
F re d e ric k sb u rg 
221 — L o s A n g e le s Hts. P re sb y te ria n Ch., 
2oo2 W est O lm o s D riv e 
222 — C e re b ra l P a ls y Center, N o rth W est 
Center, 36oo F r e d e ric k sb u rg 
223 — A rn o ld School, F re ilin g at P a n d a 
225 — B a sk in School, 6oo C re stv ie w 
226 — Sunset H ills School, 519 C le a rv ie w 
227 — F o re st Hill School, 29o2 W hite T a il 
228 — G le n o a k s School, 51o3 N e w co m e 
229 
— 
E lliso n 
In d u strie s, 
48oo 
F re d e ric k sb u rg 
23o — D e llvie w School, 7235 D e w h u rst 
231 
— W est A ve n u e School, 3915 W est 
A ve n u e 
232 
— 
Colonial 
H ills 
School, 
2627 
K e rry b ro o k 
233 — C olonies N orth M a ll, 37oo C o lo n y 
D riv e 
234 — Sh en a n do ah School, 
11355 V a n c e 
Ja c k so n 
235 — F ire Station No. 34, 153oo B a b c o c k 
Road 
236 — F ire Station No. 34, 153oo B a b c o c k 
Road 
. 237 — Boone School, 6615 S p rin g tim e 
238 — O xfo rd M ethod ist C h u rc h , H u e b n e r 
Road 
243 — W estw ood 
T e rra c e 
Sch o ol, 6515 
B ro n c o 
249 — Jon e s Ju n io r H igh, 1256 P io n R o a d 
25o — M a r y H ull School, 732o R e m u d a 
251 — M e a d o w V il la g e S c h o o l, 14o6 
M e a d o w W a y 
252 — M e a d o w V i l l a g e S c h o o l, 
14o6 
M e a d o w W a y 
2 5 4 _ O ak H ills T e rra c e School, 671o C a r y 
G ra n t 

School districts’ elections today 

Voters in 12 San An­ tonio a re a school d is­ tricts go to the polls Sa­ turday to elect trustees. 
The districts are* whol­ ly or partially in Bexar 
County. 
Bist r i cts c o n d u c t i n g voting and those seeking spots on the boards of trustees are as follows. 
Comal: Place I - Mil­ ton Sellars and VV. L. 
Steubing. Place 2 — Mrs. 
Alan Pouts, E. L. Eof!- 
J r ., J a s p e r B arto and 
Hazel Henshaw. Place 3 
— Raymond Soechting, 
Ray S terling , R andall 
Scholl and Freda Walker. 
Place 5 — Jack Boyer, 
Carl Marion, Edwin No­ lan and Mike Cantu. 
East Central: Chester 
E astin , R obert Hoag, 
Mary K rw aw iez, . Ste­ phen Maldonado, Em il 
Delgado and John P a s­ sano are seeking three seats. 
Harlandale: Place H — 
Cire Rodriguez and Aga- pito Garcia. 
Judson: 
P lace 5 — 
Leroy Eisenhower and R. 
D. Miller. 
Medina Valley: Place 3 
— Caroli T. Keller and 
Irvin Keefer. Place 4 — 
Sue Coates and Helene 
Boe Ii me. 
North East: Pat Shaw. 
Arthur G arza, Maxwell 
H igginbotham , Tom T. 
Winn and Don Harris are seeking three seats. 
Northside: 
Place 3 — 
Eugene 
Reynolds and 
Leslie McNelis. 

Somerset: Place I — 
VV. G. Morton and Ken­ neth Trapp. Place 2 — 
Bill R einhart and N or­ man Slaughter. Place 6 
— Hugo Briseno, Frances 
Harris and Barbara Bo- gert. 
South San Antonio: 
John Leal, Eugene John­ son, John Saldana, Pedro 
H ernandez, Nick Mon- real, Frederick Fulcher, 

Alda Loflin and Narciso 
Mendoza are seeking three seats. 
Schertz-Cibolo-L niversa 
City: 
C h arles Sh arp , 
T e rry B ra n h a m , Bob 
B irdw ell, Nell Funk, 
Paul Cecil and Richard 
Kruetler are seeking two seats. 
Southside: 
Place I — 
Dennis Laird, Jerry Am­ elia and D elm ar W ind­ horst. Place 2 — Mack 
S tallcup and M rs. Jo 
Quinney. 
Southwest: Phil Ael- voet, Nick Constanzo, 
Leonard Crawford, Mario 
Ramirez and R. C. Lopez are seeking two seats. 

257 — Stafford School, 611 S.W. 36th St. 
258 — C o ro n a d o School, 435 S. S a n D a rio 
259 — F ir s t Sta te S a v i n g s A s s n . , 7o7 
B a n d e ra R oa d 
26o — H o lm e s H igh, 65oo In g r a m R o a d 
261 — W ood law n H ills School, HO W est 
Quill 
262 — St. J o h n ’s M e t h o d is t C h u r c h , 
C loudcroft at B a n d e ra 
263 — T r a v is S a v in g s & L o a n A ssn ., C a l­ la gh an at B a b c o c k 
264 — St. A n d re w P re sb y te ria n C h u rc h , 
8231 C a lla g h a n R oa d 
265 — T h u n d e rb ird H ills F re e M e th od ist, 
44o2 S p e a r H ead 
266 — H ic k o r y r id g e S m o k e h o u s e , 57o3 
E v e r s R oa d 
267 — Sh en a n d o ah School, 11355 V a n c e 
J a c kso n 
3o1 — School of V o ca tio n al N u r sin g , 237 
W. T r a v is 
3o2 — S. F. A ustin School, 621 W est E u c lid 
3o3 — T ra v is School, 1915 N o rth M a in 
3o4 — M u n ic ip a l A u d ito riu m , A u d ito riu m 
C ircle 
3o5 — C a rv e r C o m m u n ity C enter, 226 N. 
H a c k b e rry 
3o6 — F ire Station No. 5, IO U M a so n St. 
3o7 — L a m a r School, 2o1 P o rte n d 
3o8 
— 
T rin ity 
Baptist 
C h u rc h , 
319 
E. 
M u lb e rry 
3o9 — L a u re l Hts. M e th od ist C h u rc h , 227 
W est W oodlaw n 
31o — M a rk T w a in J u n io r H igh , 2411 S a n 
P e d ro 
311 — Beacon Hill P re sb y te ria n Ch., H O I 
W est W oodlaw n 
312 — C on tin e n ta l N a tio n a l B a n k , 13oo 
W est H ild e b ra n d 
313 — L o s A n ge le s H ts M e th o d ist Ch., 8o2 
C atalina 
314 — Bill M ille r s B a r-B -Q , 
B la n c o at 
F re sn o 
315 — E d iso n H igh, 7o1 San ta M o n ic a 
316 — K enw ood C o m m u n ity Center, 351o 
N. M a in 
323 — Te rre ll P la z a Sh op p in g Center, 12o1 
A u stin Hw y. 
234 — 
E a st 
T e rre ll 
H ills 
School, 
4415 
B loom d ale 
325 — W alzem School, 4618 W alze m 
326 — St. A n d re w ’s M e th od ist C h u rc h , 722 
Rob inhood 
327 — St. A n th o n y 's C atholic C h u rc h , 1o2 
Lorenz 
328 
— 
F ire 
Station 
No. 
17, 
1539 
Sanda lw ood 

329 — O lm o s P a r k G o lf C o u r s e C lu b 
House, 7ooo M c C u llo u g h 
33o — O lm o s School. 11o3 A lie n a 
- 
331 — A liena Baptist C h u rc h , 23o2 B a sse 
Road 
332 — Robert E. Lee H igh, 14oo J a c k so n . 
K eller R oa d 
3 3 5 _ R id ge vie w School, 8223 M c C u llo u g h 
336 — C entury B u ilding, 84 N. E. IH 41o 
3 3 7 _ N orthw ood School, 519 P ik e R o a d 
338 
— 
O ak 
G ro v e 
School, 
325o 
N a c og d o ch e s 
339 — Q u a d ra n g le S h o p p in g Center, 92oo 
B ro a d w a y 
34o — North Loop S e rv ic e Center, A irp o rt 
B ou le va rd , 2 b lo c ks north of IH41o. 
341 — H oly Spirit P a ris h Hall, B la n c o and 
R a m se y R o a d s 
342 — E ise n h o w e r 
M id d le 
School, 8231 
B la n c o 
343 — L a r k s p u r School, 1133o Bel A ir 
344 — L a r k s p u r School, 1133o Bel A ir 
3 4 5 _ H a rm o n y H ills C a b a n a Club, 339 
F a n ta sia 
346 — C o k e r M e th o d ist C h u r c h , 12315 
N orth L o o p R oa d 
347 — C oke r School, H e im e r R o a d 
348 — C lear S p rin g s School, 4311 C le a r 
S p rin g s 
354 — Bow den School, 515 W illow 
355 
— B eacon 
Hill 
School, 
14oo 
W est 
A sh b y 
356 — B o e h le r's G arde n , 328 E. Jo se p h in e 
3 5 7 _ F ire Station No. 5, IO U M a so n 
3 5 8 
_ W oodrow 
W ilson 
School, 
1421 
C low er 
3 5 9 
_ W ood row 
W ilson 
School, 
1421 
Clow er 
36o 
— Mf. 
S a cre d 
H e a rt School, 
581o- 
B la n c o 
361 — S e rn a School, 2569 N .E. IH 41o 
362 — R e ge n cy P la c e School, 2635 B itte rs 
R oa d 
363 — N o rth e rn H ills S h o p p in g C e n te r, 
123o3 N a c o g d o c h e s R oa d 
364 — E l D o ra d o School, 12634 E l S e n d e ro 
365 — N o rth e rn H ills S h o p p in g C e nter, 
123o3 N a c o g d o c h e s R o a d 
366 — G on za le s School, 519 E. M a g n o lia 
368 — T h ou sa n d O a k s C o u n try Club, 2263 
T h o u sa n d O a k s 
372 — T errell P la za S h o p p in g C enter, 12o1 
A ustin Hw y. 
3 7 4 _ W ilsh ire E le m e n ta ry School, 6523 
C a sca d e 
3 7 5 _ o a k 
P a r k 
V il la g e M a ll. 
19o1 
N a c og d o ch e s R oa d 
376 
— 
F ire 
Station 
No. 
17, 
1539 
S anda lw ood 
377 
— 
H a rm o n y 
H ills 
School, 
1o727 
M e m o ry 
4o1 — V icto ria C o u rts Center, 225 L a b o r 
St. 
4o2 — B on h a m School, 925 S. St. M a r y 's 
4o3 — W heatley H igh, 4oo T e m p le 
4o4 — Poe Ju n io r H igh, 814 A r a n s a s 
4o5 — St. P h ilip ’s C o lle g e A u d it o r iu m 
Fo ye r, 2111 N e va d a 
4o6 — T y n a n School, 925 G ulf St. 
4o7 — E m e rso n J u n io r H igh, 415 G a b rie l 
4o8 
— 
C a m e ro n 
School, 
3635 
B e lg iu m 
Lan e 
4o9 — Riley J u n io r H igh, 35o1 N e b r a s k a 
41o — Sm ith School, 823 South G e v e rs 
411 — H igh la n d P a rk School, 635 R ig sb y 
412 
— 
H ig h l a n d 
T e r r a c e 
M e t h o d is t 
C h u rch , 1918 Steves 
4 1 3 _ F ire Station No. 2o, 29o3 S. N ew 
B ra u n fels 
414 — R ive rsid e P a rk School, 2o2 School 
Street 
415 — K n o x School, 3o2 Tipton 
416 — M o rrill School A n n e x, G re e n w o o d at S a v e rs 
417 — F ire Station 
No. 
21, 5537 South 
F lo re s 
418 — Japhet School, 314 A sto r 
4*9 — Steele School, 722 H a g g in 
42o — M c C re le ss Sh o p p in g City, 41oo S. 
New B ra u n fe ls 
421 — Connell Ju n io r H igh, 4oo Hot W ells 
422 — F o rb e s School, 263o S a lly G a y e 
423 — Foste r School, 6718 P e c a n V a lie v 
424 — Schenck School, 1o1 K ate S c h e n c k 
425 
— 
F ire 
Station 
No. 
29, 
3oo2 
E. 
S ou th cro ss 
426 — H igh la n d H ills School, 734 G la m is 
427 — H ig h la n d s H igh, 3118 E lg in 
428 — Stew art School, 195o R ig s b y 
429 — E d W hite M id d le School, 5623 C astle 
K night 
43o — Otto Pfeiffer School, 4551 D ie trich 
Road 
431 — Lone O a k 'M a ll, 1o15 S. W. W. W hite 
R oad 
432 — D e llcre st Sh op p in g Center, 1816 S. 
W. W. W hite R oa d 
433 — G la d T id in g s C h u rch , 2143 S. W. W. 
W hite R oa d 
434 — P e c an V a lle y School, 3966 E a st 
S o u th cro ss 
435 — R o g e rs J u n io r H igh, 314 G a lw a y 
436 — Scheh School, 9o6 M a rc h 
437 — H a rla n d a le M id d le School, 3oo W est 
Huff 
438 — O dd F e llo w s L o d g e No. 26, 672o 
South F lo re s 
439 — B ellaire School, 142 E a s t A m b e r 
44o — G oodw ill In d u strie s, 3822 P le a s a n ­ ton Road 
441 — Schulze School, 9131 Yett 
442 — V illa C o ro n a d o C o m m u n ity H all, 
98o6 R u id o so 
447 — P a rk V illa g e School, 5855 M id c ro w n 
449 — R o y a l r id g e C lu b H o u s e , 5859 
R o v a lrid g e D riv e 
455 — St. P h illip 's Hall. 138 L a m b e rt 
46o — M issio n School, 931 E a s t S o u th c ro ss 
461 — D o u g la s School, 318 N e b r a s k a 
462 
— 
D orie 
M ille r 
School, 
2o7 
L in c o ln sh ire 
464 - Lone O ak M a ll, 1o15 S. W. W. W hite 
R oad 
Need 
Extra 
Gash? 
Express-News 
Want Ads 

2 2 5 - 1 6 6 6 

Q : What Is 
Nadia ^ 
Comaneci’s nationality* 

A: The young gym nastic sensation of the Montreal 
Olympics is 
Romanian. 
For fascinating facts on am ateur and professional athletics 
—or details on cities and nations around the globe —get your copy of The 1977 
World Almanac. It’s a dozen books in one. 

2o% Off Bentwood 
Prices 

Sale ends April 9. 
All bentwood furniture at Storehouse is reduced 2o% now 
Master Charge, BankAmericard or revolving charge plan. 
Limited quantities on some models. 
Highback, S S S SO 

7 9 . 6 o 

Hall tree. SSS. 
$47.2o 
Rocker, §429. 
$1o3.2o 

Stool, $3o. $24. 

Classic,$39. $31.2o Hairpin,$37( $29.6o storehouse 

6547 San Pedro at.the corner ot Jackson Keller (in Village Plaza) tel. 341 -2281. 

M A Y O R COCKRELL, left, Mrs. Grier tour nation’s latest national trail 
Officials laud trail's national designation 

Bv SARA MARTINEZ 
The path used by 
Spanish m issionary padres and their Indian friends as they traveled from one of the four his­ toric missions of South­ east San Antonio Friday was designated the 1o5th com ponent on the N a­ tional Trails System. 
“ This designation por­ tends so much for San 
Antonio.*’ Mayor Lila 
Cockrell said at the dedi­ cation ceremony near the historic Espada clam in 
Espada Park. 
“ It brings us one step closer to our goal of gaining National Historic 
Park sta tu s for our jewels — the missions. 
“ I am thrilled to be able to accept this desig­ nation and certificate. It will focus San Antonio more clearly as a destin­ ation point for visitors. " 

I'he Hghl-niile trail follows the San 
Antonio River from Roosevelt Park to Mission Espada 

The San Antonio trail is only the fourth in Texas to receive national r e ­ cognition under the Na­ tional Trails System Act of 1968. 
The eig h t-m ile hike and bike trail extends from Roosevelt Park to 
Mission Espada, gener­ ally following the m ean­ d ering 
San 
Antonio 
River. 
"It is an exciting occa­ sion for all of San Anton­ io." said Mrs. Mary Lou drier, acting director of the Bureau of Outdoor 
Recreation. 
“ Many times we forget the tremendous resource we have available 
We have to get everyone to 
Carter ear available to businessm en 

A University of Texas at San Antonio professor said Friday she is encouraged by the White House's new open-door policy toward small businesses. 
Dr. Pat Burr, who attended hearings on small business Tuesday and Wednesday in Washington, said this marks the first time a President has given an audience to small businessmen. 
President Carter invited Dr. Burr, a I ISA m ar­ keting professor and member of the Carter-Mondale transition team, to the hearings as an observer for the Small Business Administration. 
Although Dr. Burr said President Carter made no commitments, he said he was willing to listen and to work to relieve unreasonable pressure from the government. 
“ This is the first time the White House has made suggestions on its own for wavs the small business­ man can improve himself," Dr. Burr said. 

M onthly m eetings 

Dr. Burr also said the special assistant tor do­ mestic policy and the assistant secretary of labor in charge of business health and safety regulations both offered to create executive councils to meet, with SBA representatives on a monthly basis. 
/ ‘That was something no one had even dared to suggest.” Dr. Burr said. 
Major issues concerning participants in the hear­ ings included an overload of federal paperwork required of small businessmen and unreasonable tax measures. 
•Dr. Burr said some participants requested the government provide more support for small busin­ esses owned by minorities, including women. 
Representatives from the Black Manuiacturers 
Assn. and the Assn. of Women Business Owners attending the hearings both pointed out only 4 per cent of small businesses are owned by members ol a minority. 

 enjoy w hat we have done to preserve this resource. 

“ T his facility for healthy outdoor re c re a ­ tion will offer short strolls for city dwellers, weekends of wilderness for backpackers, outdoor enrichm ent for the han­ dicapped and a c ro s s ­ country system for c a m p e r s ,” Mrs. G rier said. 

The hike and bike trail has been m odified for w bedchairs. 

Mrs 
G rier said the tra il, which com bines both scenic and historic legacies, will offer areas for nature studies, pic­ nicking and fishing. 

. Holland Handley, re ­ gional d ire c to r of the 
Bureau of Outdoor Re­ creation, said the desig­ 

 nation was outstanding and noteworthy because it re p re se n te d a c o m ­ munity effort. 

E f f o r t 

“ It is one great tribute to the local people who have joined together and put th eir hearts to the wheel to get it going,” 
Handley said. 
"Working together for the quality of life for fu­ ture g en eratio n helps create a national heritage we all can be proud of.” 
C onstruction of the trail was made possible by an Econom ic D eve­ lopment Administration grant. 
Design and b uilding superv ision was the work of San Antonio’s Traffic and Transportation and 
Public W orks D e p a rt­ ments. 
Right of way involves the State of Texas, Bexar 
County, 
San 
Antonio 
River A uthority, the 
Archdiocese of San An­ tonio and the City of San 
Antonio. 
Soviet energy position told 

\ 

By DAVID HENDRICKS 
Because of large in­ vestments for energy re­ source development, the 
Sov iet Union’s future en­ ergy picture is bright, a 
Southwest Research In­ stitute engineer said Fri­ day night. 
“ The Soviet 
Union feels they are in very good shape in energy go­ ing into the next ce n ­ tury,” said Dr. Philip IL 
Francis, the institute’s m a n a g e r of solid m e ­ chanics in the d e p a rt­ m ent of m a te ria ls sciences. 
Dr. Francis recently re tu rn e d from a tw o-and-one-half week visit to four U.S.S.R. cities where he studied techn ical and e x p e ri­ mental laboratories and e x p erim e n tal m ethod management. 

Sem inar 
He ad d re sse d an e n ­ g in e e rin g c lass at St. 
Mary's University as the fourth of five scheduled guest lecturers in the an­ nual engineering sem in­ ar sponsored by the Di­ vision of Engineering. 
LFD 
BLEDSOE 
FURNITURE 

FIESTA SELL-A-BRATION 

STARTS SUNDAY 
FROM 
IO A.M. TO 8 P.M. 

SO WE WILL BE CLOSED 
SATURDAY 

FURNITURE AND APPLIANCES 
AT SPECTACULAR SAVINGS... 

SEE YOUR SUNDAY NEWSPAPERS FOR MORE DETAILS 

EASY tMSIs 315 E. COMMERCE faming 

Army KOs gold hunts 

WHITE t 
SANDS 
MISSILE RANGE. N M. 
(AP) — After the failure of the third gild hunt in 
16 years, the U.S. Army has declared that its res­ tricted m isfile range here will be closed to fu­ ture hunts for a legen­ dary treasure. 
The announcem ent came Friday after Nor­ man Scott, leader of the latest unsuccessful search, told a news con­ ference thai his firm ’s expedition turned up no trace of go4d, silver or other artifacts. 
The expedition also turned up no evidence of recent or old m ining operations within Victor- io Peak on the missile range, he said. 
But Scott would not say w hether the legend of stacks of gold bullion, coins and artifacts deep in a cavern inside the mountain is true or false. 
H esaid the existence of a cavern is factually docum ented, but 

“ w hether it contains gold. I have no idea.” 
Scott said the expedi­ tion by his firm. Expedi­ tions Unlimited of Pom­ pano Beach, Fla., cost an estimated $83,ooo, 
He said he would not request perm ission to re-enter the range, but, asked if he would be willing to lead another search if hired by claimants, he said, “ I’m in the business of leading expeditions.” 
Army information of­ ficer Maj. Kenneth Abel told reporters that the 
Scott hunt, in conjunction with an Army-sponsored hunt in 1961 and a Mu­ seum of New Mexico search in 1963, “ indicates no treasure, gold or oth­ erwise, exists in the area of Hembrillo Basin or within Vietorio Peak. 
“ White Sands Missile 
Range is now closed to further search,” he said. 
The search was called off 
Thursday, a day before the A rm y’s deadline. 

 after workers could not get into a passage lead­ ing into the peak. 
The tre a su re hunt began March 19. but bad w eather last weekend delayed the search for two days. 
Then the Army extend­ ed the permit to Friday 

 on the strength of Scott’s predictions that workers could break through 3o feet of rubble in the bot­ tom of a mining shaft at the top of the peak. 
The shaft was built by the late Milton “ Doc” 
Noss, the man who claimed to have found the gold, and was reportedly 

 the way into the fabled cavern. 

Hopes crumbled Wed­ nesday when workers ex- cavated undisturbed earth and not fill dirt from a cave-in. Scott an­ nounced on T hursday that his firm was aban­ doning the search. 
Carter to name counsel 

WASHINGTON (AP) 
— President Carter said 
Friday he will nominate 
Deanne C. S iem er of 
Stry kersville. N Y , to be general counsel for the 
Defense Department. 

If confirm ed by the 
Senate, she would be the first woman to hold the post as the Pentagon’s top lawyer. 

Jill Wine Veiner was named e a rlie r to be general counsel of the 
Army. 

Carter also announced 

 he will nominate Russell 
Murray II, a systems an­ alyst for the Navy, to be assistan t se cre ta ry of defense for planning an­ alysis and evaluation. 

Murray, 51, a former employe of the Grumman 
A ircraft 
E ngineering 
Corp. in Bethpage, N Y., served as deputy assis­ tant secretary of defense for system s analysis from 1962 to 1969. Murray is presently a member of the Chief of Naval Oper­ ations Executive Panel at the 
(’enter for Naval 

Dr. F ra n c is said tile 
Sov iets are putting most of their money into oil. gas, coal, nuclear energy and hydroelectric energy production. 
Estimates indicate the 
Soviet Union has 4o per cent of the world's crude oil and 3o per cent of the w orld's natural gas re ­ serves still underground. 
However, 7o per cent of its natural gas and much of the crude oil is near the A rtic Circle and under ice, making it ex­ pensive to recover, Dr. 
Francis said. 
However, the Soviet 
Union is re se a rc h in g better recovery methods and is now relying on in­ jectin g w ater u n d e r­ ground to force oil and gas into pipelines. 
L arger * 
The country also relies on a num ber of hydroe­ lectric power plan ts, some of which are larger than any in the United 
States. Dr. Francis said. 
“ They have a g re a t deal m ore river-pow er than we d o ,’’ he e x ­ plained. 
The Soviets also are interested in solar energy but feel there is less po­ tential for its use than in the United States because the U.S.S.R. is further north. 
Crude oil production recently surpassed the 
United States in quantity and natural gas produc­ tion is expected to do the 
->ame in the late I98o’s, he said. 
A lthough the energy picture in the Soviot 
Union is good, the Soviets th em selv es are m ore conservation-minded than Americans, he ob­ served. 
That is because Soviets are less con sum er o r­ iented than Americans, he said, adding, “ They don't buy things in plas­ tic bags and then throw them away. Things they buy are durable, not ex­ pendable.” 
Ton priority 
Dr. F ra n c is said in­ vestments in energy de­ velopment is the Soviet 
Union’s top priority. 
“ lf they use their re­ sources wisely, I think the Soviet Union will continue to be a stronger and stronger force in the worldwide economic and social scene,” he said. 

 frbuAnelHM! 
■ N il ta- 

Analyses. 

C arter also said he would nominate Edward 
Hidalgo, former general counsel for the U.S. In­ formation Agency, to he assistant secretary of the navy for manpower and logistics. 

Jordan 
J. 
Baruch, professor of business ad- m inistration at D a rt­ mouth College, is to be nom inated a ssista n t secretary of com m erce for science and te c h ­ nology. 

FOR YOUR BEST 
DEAL O N 
COLOR TV 
AIR 
CONDITIONER 
RENTAL 
CHECK WITH US 
I 
FIRST! 

 ioathoff's Southside! 
8o7 S.W. MILITARY DR.! I uQ rr 
Frigidaire 
1 
1H 
“EXCLUSIVE 
JET ACTION” 
2-SPEED WASHER 
WITH AU OUR 

GREAT FEATURES! 

DOOR* 
2o.3 eu. ft. 

While 5 last-Avocado 
Only-Deal of a Lifetime! 

 h rn m m rn 
Frigidaire 

We’re “Frigidaire 
Proud”— we get clothes 
CLEANER! 
COME BY FOR A 
FREE DEMO! 

LIMITED 
SELECTION! HURRY 

 limited Selection/Colors $ A Q Q 9 5 
18 lb. Electric-Auto Dryer .... JLJLw 

Gas Dryer- 
%*) C Q 9 S 
Automatic Cycle................ A 
T 

Super Deluxe 
17 cu. ft. Ref. Glass Shelves... ^ V # 

Frigidaire Micro wave 
— Top of the Line— 
S A o o 9 5 
Reg $649.95 NOW....... 

Skinny Mini 
S A o o 9 5 
(2 only in AVOCADO).......... T T T 

3o-36” Gas Ranges 
$ | O OOO 
(While They lost)............... IOO 

18 cu. ft. G.E. 
SO OC OO 
(I only)...................... OOD 

GE Washers— Close Outs.. $252 oo 
SI OOoo 
GE Hee. Dryer— I only— 
I T T 

FPC-2o3V3-1 

 lf Frigdioire Makes 

It.. .Saathoff’s 

Has it! 
Air 
Conditioners on SALE! 
Frigidaire 
12,ooo BTU 

PIONEER 
STEREO SYSTEM 
199.95 

AM-FM MPX, BSR TURNTABLE 
2 SPEAKERS, 8 TRACK, 2 YR, LT D WARRANTY 

Hurry! 
Limited 
Supply! 

15ooo 
• 7.7 EIR 
• REG. $39.95 
BTU 

HI-EFFICIENCY 

I 34 H I L D E B R A N D 
73*4-5o56 

(A T IH - TLO ! 
8o7 S.W M I L I T A R Y DR. 
9 2 4 - 8 3 o 1 
(NEXT TO H EB. I 

* 

April 2 1977 

THE SATURDAY 
EXPRESS NEWS 
EDITORIALS 

W illiam J. Reddell 

E d ito r o f E d it o r ia l P a g e 

Charles O . Kilpatrick 

E d ito r a n d P u b lis h e r 

George Carmack 
Associate Ed ito r 

P an e I. Burt 

M a n a g in g E d ito r 

Now is voters’ turn for a good election 

With polls show ing a close mayoral race and neighborhood gatherings showing keen inter­ est in San A ntonio’s council races, the way is clea red for 
394,635 registered voters to call the results. 
' 
Registered voters are 71 per cent of all persons qualified otherwise to vote. 
With sharply-drawn issues holding the campaign spotlight, it would be logical to expect a large voter turnout Saturday. 
Whether interest is holding over from the January 1976 referen­ dum on zoning of a superman over the aquifer will be seen at the polls. Unquestionably, that referen d u m vote has strong echoes in the election for council places. 
That issue is reflected in the campaign in terms of being for or against a m aster plan. The council majority has pushed for the plan. Candidates challeng­ ing in cu m b en ts on the water issue call proposals for the plan a no-growth policy. 
On the utility cost issue, vo­ ters who oppose present coun­ cil m em bers on that point ex­ press frustration and tend to take out their frustration on city council. In fairness, council is almost totally without power to do anything about utility costs. 
Also in fairness to the current council, it rejected an unsatis­ factory settlement proposal with 
Coastal States and, after more 

 hard bargaining, significantly improved the settlement plan. 
On downtown renewal, coun­ cil has done virtually all it can do or has been requested to do to assist with major revitalization projects. It cleared the way for potential investors only to find investors were only speculators who couldn’t attract capital. It has given downtown frequent and inexpensive bus service. It has created the Centro 21 ad­ visory com m ittee of key com ­ munity leaders, to give council advantage of highly-experienced and responsible people dealing 
With the tough problem s of downtown redevelopment. Cen­ tro 21 has been encouragingly effective. 
These things have been de­ bated an$ it is our hope that people understand the issues. 

Just as important, we hope they understand what aren’t the issues. Council power is li­ mited. Funds for sundry grand projects are likewise limited by what voters are w illing to tax them selves to provide. We be­ lieve voters understand these things. 

We aren’t as encouraged as we would like to be about voter response to the campaign. If 71 per cent of the registered voters will vote, we should have a good election. 
We ask San Antonians to try to make it a good election. 

Saccharin points 

Half-time congressional jobs? 
Depends on use o f other half 

Leadership in the ll. S. Sen­ ate offered interesting contrasts this week during debate on eth­ ics. 
Majority Leader Robert Byrd is pressing for limits on outside in co m e but M inority Leader 
Howard Baker wants that part of the bill to self destruct in 198o. 
Byrd quipped, “ Our raise won't self destruct in 198o.“ 
The ethics bill was designed as the companion c hange when congressional pay was raised. 
Baker did offer one intrigu­ ing su g g estio n , how ever, and that was for Congress to finish its work in half a year so the m embers could go back to their d istricts and m ingle with the people the other half year. We 

 doubt a half-year schedule would result in better work in the Congress but we suspect too m uch tim e in session tem pts more legislating than we ought to have. 
It m ight be useful for the members to spend specific time on assignm ents requiring con­ g ressio n a l review — on the scene — of the results of their legislating. 

There is nothing quite as ef­ fective as the author of a set of rules to have to put them into practice. If the people who wrote the rules can give them practi­ cal effect, time away from Wa­ shington for that purpose could be time well spent. 

'Let them drink champagne’ 

“ Let them drink c h a m ­ pagne’’ is the battle cry of a New 
York restaurant, Monsignore II. 
Any diner ordering a cup of co ffee is offered a g la ss of ch a m p a g n e, the p ro p rieto r’s way of pointing out the ridiculous price of coffee. 
Somehow this is a reminder of one of the longest-lived foot­ notes in history. 
Marie Antoinette was Queen of F ra n ce during the French 
Revolution. She became a sym ­ 

 bol of the resen tm en t of the 
French people to the monarchy. 
One reason was that when the populace cried out that there was no bread, she supposedly said: 

“ Let them eat cake.” 

In tim e, M arie Antoinette lost her head to the guillotine. 
But we suppose all that will happen to the Brazilian coffee tycoons is that they will laugh all the way to the bank. 

Sir: Travis Budlong’s thoughts on the saccharin ban were worthy of our consideration: he made some very good points. 
As he said, a hard sh ip will be worked on diabetics. We read that they will be allowed to obtain saccharin by prescription. Imagine all the extra expense of going to doctors, most of whom are overworked already and do not need the bother, and then the exoense at the pharmacy. 
Now, I am not diabetic and could easily give up the three or four tablets 
I use daily in my very weak tea. As I do not drink alcohol, smoke cigarettes, can’t stand coffee and rarely drink cola and such, I think I would just like to take my chances on those few sac­ charin tablets. r I have written my legislators and the 
FDA that until they can protect me from tobacco smoke (to which I am highly allergic), keep the drunks and narcotics addicts off the public high­ ways, and reduce crime, I would thank them to let me take my chances with my few saccharin tablets. 
Gwen Arnold 
Open route for on-job training 

Sir: “ Buchanan’s views are criti­ cized’’ (Delfino A. Herrera, Letters, 
March 23) Buchanan is quoted: “ He argues that if the minimum wages were raised . . . thousands would be eliminated from jobs.” Isn’t it amaz­ ing that in 1954 minimum wage was 75 cents an hour and unem ploym ent among black teen-agers w as 16 5 per cent? By 1968 minimum wage had risen to $1.6o and the unemployment to 25 per cent, and today the rate is at $2.3o 
Un hour and the unemployment among black teen-agers is above 4o per cent. 
Unions generally oppose reduction of the minimum wage, contending that a lower minimum wage would lead to a substitution of teen-agers for adult labor. The octogenarian businessman refers to this as on-the-job training for teen-age workers but union officials refer to it as child-labor. 
■ Milton Friedman has a statement to his credit: “ I am convinced that the minimum wage law is the most anti- 
Negro law on our statute books — in its. effect, not in its intent.” This state­ ment smells more of the 197os than does the discriminating statements of the 4os and 5os. 
I wonder what would be wrong with trying a two-tier system of wages which would open a route for on-the- job training (supported by industry rather than the government) yet avoid higher unemployment among older and more skilled workers. 
Robert Sheppard 

 inchoate? Not people testifying 

Sir: In reply to Robert Franklin's letter “ Baptist blitz” (March 25):’You ask “ if Jesus is real why can’Lyou see him?” What do you need a burning bush that speaks or a mixed up, inse­ cure, troubled life now full of hope and direction? 

When you said Jesus existed only as 

U H f r « 
*♦,», n e w .p o p * r s h o u ld b e » h o r» and th ey m u tt be signed. Initials only will b e u sed a t w riter's req u est. C orrect ad d ress a n d telep h o n e n u m b er to r id en tlfk atto n o f letter* o re n eed ed - le tte r* will b e | e d ite d fo r len g th , g o o d to * te a n d logo) re a so n s. , 
Addr#**: le tte r* to th e e d ito r, 8 .o . b o e 1 1 7 1 , Io n 
A ntonio. TX 7 8 7 9 7 . 
> 

 an inchoate idea in the muddled minds of confused Christians, I had to look up inchoate . . . I. Just begun, in early stages, rudimentary. 2. Not yet clearly or completely formed or organized. 3. 
Not yet completed or made effective. 
Inchoate? Not people testifying for 
Christ! 
When Christ turns a life around you know where you are going and you want to talk about it. How else can you do it but just get up and say it? 
Christ changed my life and he can change yours, too, Robert Franklin. 
That’s God’s promise. 
Kathleen Haringa 

Jesus living in hearts, minds 

Sir: I am replying to Robert Frank­ lin’s letter (March 25) in which he 
“ categorically” states that, “ Jesus has no ‘real’ substantial and empirically verifiable existence except as an in­ choate idea in the muddled minds of confused Christians.” 
Berry' 
World 

Germans protest arms policies 

WASHINGTON - Two sen­ ior West German officials have executed an all-out blitzkrieg against U.S. weapons-procure- ment policies. 
They are particularly attacking re­ cent Army decisions favoring the new 
NMI main battle tank over the com­ peting German Leopard II 
On a visit to Washington. Manfred 
Woerner, chairman of the Bundestag 
Defense Committee and likely Bonn’s future defense minister, accused the 
U.S. Army of “ distorting the results” of competitive tests run this year at 
Aberdeen Arsenal between U.S. and 
West German tanks. 
Same protest 

At the same time, Georg Leber, the c u rre n t West G erm a n defense minister, made the same protest to 
Defense Secretary Harold Brown — also in Washington but in private — that the Bundestag m em ber empha­ tically voiced to a group of Washing­ ton correspondents. 
Protesting that European nations 

“ have a righ t to a fair s h a r e ,” 
Woerner demanded that NATO arms sta n d a rd iz a tio n “ be a two-way street.” 

He also suggested strongly that 
NATO procurement of the highly so­ phisticated U.S. airborne air-warning and control aircraft, AWACS, would, in effect, become hostage to U.S. willingness to accept West German components in the final production model of the NMI tank. 

$1o8 million 
The $1o8 million Boeing AWACS, with Westinghouse electronics, is de­ signed to overfly and overlook large battle areas while providing means to control all related air operations. The 
United States hopes NATO will pro­ cure 24 AWACS. 
The Leopard II was a third entrant into the com petition, in winch 
Chrysler won over General Motors last sum m er, for the design of the next generation of U.S. battle tanks and a large family of related battle­ field vehicles such as self-propelled 

Col. 
Robert D. 
Heinl Jr. 

 guns, bridging tanks and arm ored mobile command posts. 
The Leopard II, arriving late, was tested against the Chrysler winner, 

Called fair 
Well informed Army sources insist the tests were fair, but m a n y NATO and West German observers m ain­ tain, or voice suspicions, that the re­ sults were rigged in favor of the U.S. model. 
Even Woerner conceded that, at working level, the tests “ were very objective,” but went on to score the 
Army for failing to release its de­ tailed test criteria to W'est German representatives. 
To soften the impact of the adverse decision, outgoing Defense Secretary 

Donald Rum sfeld agreed that tne eventual U.S. production m odel would have some common compon­ ents with the highly efficient Leopard ll, thus harking back to the aban­ doned U.S.-West German project of the 196os to produce a jointly d e­ signed, jointly built battle tank. 
Not in writing 
Though never apparently commit­ ted in writing, it was widely under­ stood th at the deal un d erly in g 
Rumsfeld’s concession was that, ii 
West Germany accepted Chrysler’? highly advanced AVCO-Lycoming 
15oo gas-turbine*engine, the United 
States would arm the NMI with a so-called “ hybrid” turret capable oi, mounting either the U.S. 1o5tnm gun or the new u ltra-h ig h velocity, smooth-bore West Germ an 12omm gun. 
In this agreement, while early mo­ dels of the NMI would probably mount the U.S. gun, the ultim ate weapons would be the 12omm. 
U.S. officials disavow any such agreement, at least in the form of a straight tradeoff between a Detroit 

 engine and a Krupp gun, and say the final decision on the tank gun will not be m ade until a fte r a D ecem ber shoot-out between the U.S. and Ger­ man weapons and a British rifled 
12omm gun. 
U.S. gun 
The lower-caliber U.S. gun, though smaller and lighter than its rivals, relies on a revolutionary design of projectile, a so-called “ kinetic-en- ergy round” made of depleted uran­ ium, which has shown spectacular killing performance against captured 
Russian battle tanks obtained from 
Israel by the United States. 
Demanding that the United States stand by what Bonn apparently re­ gards as a firm if sublim inal b a r­ gain, Woerner said that if the two countries could not get together on the tank component, he doubted the 
Bundestag would be inclined to ac­ cept any more major U.S. weapons. 
“ Standardization,” Woerner said, 
“ is a visible symbol of the cohesion of the NATO alliance. It is a political question too im portant to leave to industrial interests.” 

Reston 

Jesus is real, he exists empirically in his Resurrected Body. When he ap­ peared to his disciples after the Re­ surrection, he requested fish to eat, to show that he was no ghost, no figment of someone’s imagination. Jesus does live in the minds and hearts of mi.lions of believers. The quality of those minds range from ignorant and unsta­ ble to integrated, mature and, in some cases, genius. Who has a right to lump the minds of millions of Christians into one particular mold, and judge the spiritual life of those people by the quality of their minds? 
I ask all believers who read Frank­ lin’s letter to pray for bis conversion. 
Perhaps the day will come when he writes to the editor: “ Jesus is real. I’m living proof!” 
Evan Wittig 

Bell’s opinion isn’t surprising 

Sir: It came as no surprise that Atty. 
Gen. Griffin Bell, chosen by pro-ERA 
President Carter, would proclaim that a state’s “ ratification of the Equal 
Rights A m endm ent c a n ’t be w ith­ drawn.” 
However, his opinion is only that and not binding upon the states. 
The Supreme Court has ruled in 
Coleman V. Miller (2o7US433-1939) 
“ the amending process is a political question not subject to judicial gui­ dance, control or interference at any point.” 
Carolyn Buggies 

‘Poor devil! His mind blew trying to absorb too many tax tips!’ 

"1L__ 
Reasons 
Moscow accords elusive 

WASHINGTON - There are several reasons why the U.S.- 
Soviet m ilitary arm s control talks in 
M oscow failed to reach an agreement — almost had to fail — and why it is probably a good idea that they did fail at this particular time. 
It was too early in the new Carter administration in Washington and too late in the Brezhnev regime in Moscow to expect that President Carter’s bold disarm ament proposals would be ac­ cepted by the Soviet leaders in the Po­ litburo, who didn’t quite know what 
Carter meant, or how long General 
Secretary Brezhnev would last. Brezh­ nev’s health may be a critical factor. 
Personal point 
Before Secretary of State Vance went to Moscow, Carter suggested that he make a personal point to Brezhnev and 
Gromyko. 
Namely, that there was a limited time in the early months of a new ad­ ministration in Washington, when a new President could take bold intitia- tives on fundamental questions like disarm am ent and get the support of the Senate. 
But later on, it might be more diffi­ cult to get the confirm ation of the 
Senate by a two-thirds vote, for any dramatic arms-control treaty. 
Timing critical 
Tim ing was critical, according to this thesis. 
After the President put his energy program before Congress — with high penalties on big cars and maybe a 25 cent tax on every gallon of gas — his popularity and authority would de­ cline, so the time to act on arm s con­ trol was now. 
No doubt Vance delivered Carter's message, but the Soviets said “ Nyet” to everything, and agreed only to set up com m ittees to study the various, arms control problems and talk about them later in May at Geneva. 
There is one view that they rejected 
C a rte r’s proposals and d id n ’t even come back with any new proposals of their own because they wanted to re­ buke him for criticizing their violation of human rights, but they probably had more important reasons. 
Revolutionary 
Carter put forward in his first few weeks in office the most revolutionary arms proposal since the beginning of the Cold War. 
As he defined it after the Moscow talks, “ It was to have substantial re­ ductions in the level of deployment of m issile la u n c h e rs and the MIRV missiles below the 2,4oo level and the 
1.32o level, that were established under the Vladivostok agreements. 
“ Secondly,” the President said, it was “ to stop the development and de­ ployment of any new weapons systems. 
A third point was to freeze at the pre­ sent level about 55o intercontinental ballistic missiles, our Minuteman and their missiles known as the SS17, 18 and 19 . . ." 
There was much more than this — banning Soviet mobile missiles, and strict limits on our Cfuise missile and their Backfire bomber — all of which would have taken weeks to define let alone se ttle in the th re e day s of 
Vance’s visit to Moscow. 
Fails to explain 

The C arter ad m inistratio n d id p 't even get its own folks together on what it wanted to suggest to the Soviets until a couple of weeks ago, or explain its policy adequately to the Senate leaders who would have to approve any artus treaty by a two-thirds vote. 
So ifs no wonder that Vance didn’t get an instant agreement in Moscow, and a good thing, too. 
“ We have proposed to the Soviet leaders in the last two days,” Carter said after Vance left Moscow, “ a com­ prehensive package of ag reem en ts which, if concluded, will lay a p e r­ manent groundwork for a more peace­ ful world . . . ” 
You have to admire his determina­ tion to stop fiddling with phony disar­ mament agreements that merely con­ tinue the arm s race and start cutting the atomic monsters down to size, but this is not the sort of thing you settle between suspicious strangers in a cou­ ple of days. 
Moscow waits 
Moscow waited a long time to see how the United States was going to pass pow er from one p re sid e n t to another, and Washington is also pro­ bably going to have to wait a while now to see what happens after Brezhnev. 
The historical record is not reassur­ ing. Every successor to Lenin, or Sta­ lin, or Malenkov, or Khrushchev had to have the approval of the armed forces in the Soviet Union, and their enthu­ siasm for disarmament has never been excessive. 
So the so-called “ failu re” of the 
Vance mission to Moscow is a little complicated. It is not lo be explained by Jim m y C arter’s evangelical ser­ mons on “ human rights” — though these have n e ith e r converted nor am used the Politburo — or by the ailing Brezhnev, though this makes them wonder about the future. 
P robably the m ain thing is that 
Carter put forth a really revolutionary arm s reduction program before his own country, let alone the Soviets, knew what he was doing, so they have agreed to think about it later, which is probably not a bad idea. 

Young laley has new pride in past 

Bill Haley says people benefit when they dig into their roots and find out about their ances­ tors. It’s benefited him finding out about Kunta Kinte. 
•‘You don’t need those unattainable heroes like Booker T. Washington. You can look back in your own family and find attainable heroes,” said Haley in a 
Friday interview. 
Haley — son of “ Roots” author Alex 
Haley — is in San Antonio for several reasons, including a 7 p.m. Sunday speech at the Carver Cultural Center. 
Animated 
The young Haley, a race relations and equal opportunity specialist for the 
Army, smiles frequently and confi­ dently. His conversation is animated and dotted with Transactional Analysis jargon. 
He’s really into TA, he says. He’s also into “ Roots” — though at one time he didn’t like to talk about it. 
“ I was too wrapped up in it.” 
“ Roots dram atized slavery. Some people b ecam e an gry , d isg u ste d , ashamed . . . ” 
“ Roots brought a lot of awareness. 
But, people need to deal with the feelings it brought out," Haley said 
Friday. 
“ If a white feels ashamed because of something his ancestors did. he should talk about it, express his feelings.” 
Black people, he says, got angry be- 

BILL HALEY 
. . . talks about “ Roots 

 cause of the physical abuse of their ancestors which “ Roots” depicted. 
Wrong thing 

Haley says that’s the wrong thing to be anerv shout “ It was certainly bad 

 at the time. but it went, away. 
“The thing is it (slavery) took away people’s right to determine their own destiny. Be angry about that.” 
Haley says individuals should ex­ plore the attitudes and feelings which 
“ Roots” evoked in therm 
B esides racial aw aren ess, Haley says there are many other m essages1 people got from “ Roots.” 
“ Some people say ‘Hey, I really saw the hand of God in that bonk. It made me want to drive on and make it in this life.’” 
“ I think Roots w as im p o rta n t historically, not because it was a his­ tory book but because black people contributed so much by living.” 
Appearances 
Like his father, the 31-year-old Haley got caught in the wave of public ap­ pearances since “ Roots” took hold. 
He says it’s meant a lack of privacy for him and a bigger one for his father, who’s now working on “ Search.” The new- book is supposed to take up where 
“ Roots” left off. 
“ I think the success of “ Roots” is great for my Dad. It’s great for me. I like the story. I like the book. I’m proud of my Dad,” he says. 
Does the young Haley write himself? 
“That’s not my talent,” he says. 
He does have his talents though. He smiles one of his frequent smiles and says, “ I always tell my Dad I'm pret­ tier and I speak better. 

Law D ay ceremonies of the St. M ary’s University School of Law saw the St. Thomas M ore Award given to A. Kenneth Pye, left, president of the American Assn. of Law Schools, and the Rosewood 
Gavel Aw ard to Judge Ted Z. Robertson, center, associate justice of the Fifth Court of Civil Appeals in Dallas. Law school Dean Ernest 
Raba makes the awards. — Staff Photo by Steve Campbell 

The President’s home town, which was so quiet it was once said a dog could sleep in the m iddle of Main 
Street, now is flooded with more than 
2,ooo tourists per day. 
Men and women who used to go about th e ir b usin ess in the sm all farming community now wear mock country clothes and promote tours. 

And 
Billy, 
P la in s ’ secondmost-famous citizen, has h a d ’t. 
H eis moving 19 miles out to avoid the tourists. 
ELECTIONS TODAY 

Martin. That race appears headed for a runoff. Mrs. Cockrell and Monfrey were in the 1975 runoffs, which she won. 
The District 9 race, with a field of four, has attracted a share of the spot­ light. There, incumbent Councilman 
Glen H artm an is hoping for a win without a runoff, while Van Henry 
Archer and Jim Dement are battling for a runoff berth. 
9 candidates 

D istrict 2. with a field of nine, pears headed for a runoff to select t? black member of the council, pos­ hly between Charles Williams and e Webb. 
Conducting the liveliest District 3 mpaign are Councilman Bob Billa id Mrs. Helen Dutmer. There are nong nine candidates in that race. 
Districts 4 and 5 feature a lot of new ees on the political scene, and a few d ones who have run before but have it ever been elected. There are nine 

 candidates in District 4 and eight in 
District 5. 
Nine candidates are battling it out in 
District 6, where Councilman Al Rohde moved and set up residence to make the race. 
Teniente 

In District 7, Councilman Richard 
Teniente is seeking to turn back a de­ termined bid by Mike Fernandez and 
Joe Alderete Jr. to unseat him. There are sev'en candidates in the race. 
D istrict IO candidate John Steen, former chairman of the Good Govern­ ment League and lone active in the city’s business, civic and social life, appears to have clear sailing in the race. There are five candidates run­ ning in that district. 
Candidates, and the order in which they are listed on the ballot, are: 

M a y o r — Rev. L. C. G lasco, G e o r g e A. 
Bigley, Susan G a r r y , Dr. Jose San M a r ­ t in , J a m e s C. W i l l i n g h a m , 
R a u l 
Ro- dreguez, Soul E d w a rd Ja sso , Joh n M o n ­ frey and Lllq Cockrell. 
District I — H e n ry G. C isn ero s, R o berto 
G. Rodriguez and Victo r V. G o n za le z. 

D is t ric t 2 — M u r r e n e G i l f o r d , 
E f f ie 
Pope Blandin, G eorge R. N o rm a n , V ictor 
L. Dupree, C h a rles E. W illia m s Sr., Joe 
Webb, Alfredo Coy, Rev. C. C. Houston and P. G. (Jeff) Ja ckso n . 
District 3 — S. A. (Stan) F u lc h e r , John 
Druskin, Glen Horton, Leo H a h n , G a r y W. 
Woltena, Bob Billa, Bonnie B. Sunvision, 
Ja m e s 
M. 
(Jim ) 
Lister an d 
Helen 
Dutmer. 
D i s t r ic t 4 — J o h n n y M a t e , M a n u e l 
Flores, Raul 
P erez, M rs . W illie M e y e r , 
J i m m y R. 
F lo r e s S r., J o h n 
M a c h a d o , 
F ra n k Wing and Bill Leffler. 
D is trict S — D o u g la s O z u n a , G i lb e r t 
Nieto, B e r n a r d o E u re s te , D a r io C h a p a , 
M a n u el M u n oz J r . , L u B e ta n c o u r t and 
Manuel A. Rodriguez. 
Distrct District 6 — Rudy C. Ortiz, Jose 
E s t a la , Al 
R o h d e , 
R o b e rt M . 
L o z a n o , 
Robert S. Th o m pso n , J a m e s J. K elly, K ay 
Brown, 
Jesse 
R. 
Diaz and 
L e o n a rd 
Medina. 
District 7 — Joe Alderete J r ., R ic h a rd 
Teniente 
N a n c y O liv a r e s , A n d r e s G o n ­ zalez, M ik e F e rn a n d e z , R o b ert D. Ta te and R icha rd J. K opsky. 
District 8 — F re d B a rric k lo w , Steven R. 
Wo'fson, D. F o r d Nielsen, P hil P y n d u s , 
David C. Brow n J r . and W inifred Vetter. 
District 9 — J im Dem ent, Roy A. Bened 
Bendele 
Jr., 
Glen 
H a rtm a n and 
V a n 
A rch e r. 
D is t r ic t IO — 
B ill 
H e a l e y , P a u l 
M . 
Foley, John Steen, A rt Phillips an d Helen 
R. Walter. 
As an example, he talks about lo\e. 

ASSASSINATION 

PLAINS, Ga- (AP) - Now that Billy 
Carter is leaving town, his discarded beer cans have become hot souvenir items. 
The cans, which are b rin g in g a quarter apiece, are another sign that the town is being overwhelmed by a wave of tourists. 

“ Don’t quote me by name, now, but ifs done got too much out of propor­ tion,” said one resident. “ We’ll never get it back now . we’ll never get rid of the resentment we feel.” 

FOLLOWERS say Swami Satchidananda is a holy man. 
Hindu monk preaches love, meditation, diet 

 succeeding last Tuesday. 
Oltmans said that he gave the as­ sassination committee “ the name of an 
FBI official, not (former Director J. 
Edgar) Hoover, who might be impor­ tant,” and that he gave the committee a taped interview in which a Cuban exile named Loran Hall claims he was offered $5o,ooo in the office of Dallas oilman Lester Logue to kill President 
Kennedy. 

Logue called the allegation ridicu­ lous and said he would meet with his lawyers to discuss suing Oltmans for libel. Logue called Oltmans a “ publi­ city psychopath,” and said “ this just demonstrates the absolute power that the media has to destroy somebody without recourse.” 
After O ltm ans testified. Rep. R i­ chardson Preyer, D-N.C.. and chair­ man of the subcommittee investigating the Kennedy assassination, was asked if he believed Oltman’s story. 
Very specific 

. “Ask me that question again in a few m onths," P reyer replied. “ Mr. Olt­ mans was very specific on some things which can be corroborated, but not as clear on others.” 
The theory of Hunt’s involvement has been advanced before but has never been corroborated. A spokesman font he Hunt family and estate said that they “ have finally had about enough of sfjch charges.” 

“ It has been publicly recorded that 
Mr. De Mohrenschildt had a history of m ental p ro b le m s ," the spokesm an said.’“ If in fact Mr. de Mohrenschildt ever claimed to have had any relation­ ship with H. L. Hunt, those claim s must be viewed accordingly.” 
The Warren Commission that inves­ tigated President Kennedy’s 1963 as­ sassination concluded that Oswald was the lone assassin. 
Blood debt 

Earlier Friday, Oltmans said in a 
National Broadcasting Company radio interview that the reason the Cubans wanted to kill President Kennedy was that “ they thought they had a blood debt to settle — they thought that P re­ sident Kennedy had betrayed them at the Bay of Pigs (invasion). 
He said that de Mohrenschildt told him he never knew, in fact, who killed 
President Kennedy because an unspe­ cified number of Cubans were sup­ posed to be shooting at the same time 
Oswald did. 
De Mohrenschildt, who was born in 
Russia, reportedly befriended Oswald and his wife. Maria, before the assas­ sination. Mrs. Oswald also was Rus­ sian born. 
Oltmans said that de Mohrenschildt told him that Oswald had acted at his 
(M ohrenschildt’s) guidance and in­ structions. 
“ Mr. de Mohrenschildt indicated to me very strongly that his ties upwards were towards H. L. Hunt and down­ s ta irs to Lee H arvey O sw a ld ," 

O ltm ans said durin g an A m erican 
Broadcasting Company television in­ terview. 
Oswald wrote a letter to someone named “ Mr. Hunt” asking for advice on some unspecified plan-shortly be­ fore the assassination but former as­ sassinations com m ittee counsel Ri­ chard A. Sprague once said publicly that he saw no evidence the letter was to H. L. Hunt. 
The Dallas bureau of the FBI said 
Friday that the letter was under in­ vestigation but that the bureau cannot say who was the intended recipient. 
L et’s have your $2 bills 

NEW YORK (AP) - It was a modest demand, as bank robberies go. 
“This is a holdup. Give me all your 
$2 bills,” said the note passed to a woman teller Friday at the Long Island 
Savings Bank branch in Queens. 
An apparently nervous teller gave the holdup man only $1 bills — 16 in all 
— before he fled the bank and ran two blocks to a subway station, where he was caught by police. 
Police identified the man as John 
Ford, 27. Police said that when he was nabbed he had $14 in his pocket, ap­ parently having dropped nearly 13 per cent of his haul while on the run. 
Ford, who told police he lives in the streets, was charged with robbery. 

Don t look fo r the fruit . . . because expecting someth­ ing in return will affect your mind'' 

It seems the wise often talk in rid­ dles, parables. 
L ater Swam i S atch id a n a n d a e x ­ plains to the interview er why h e ’s stayed in the U.S. He stayed partially because of his following. That follow­ ing includes artist Peter Max and jazz musician Alice Coltrane. 
Swami Satchidananda is an advocate of yoga, proper breathing, meditation and a careful diet 
A vegetarian diet? If possible, he says. “ I recom m end going without m eat.” 
Meat, he explains, is filled with tox­ ins. “ If you want to see what I mean go to the zoo and watch the animals . . . the meat-eating animals smell foul.” 

Businessman 

The Swami, who left a prosperous business career in South India at age 
28 for full-time spiritual search, also has something to s a y about sin. 
“ The basic sin is forgetting our na­ ture. Our nature is to be peaceful and happy all the tim e.” 
How does one find peace and happiness? 
“ By giving and sharing,” he says — even if you get hatred. You should give expecting nothing in return. 
“You are used to expecting and you are used to getting in trouble. Just act. but don’t look for the fruit. Why? Be­ cause expecting something in return will affect your m ind." 

ALL SUNGLASSES IN STOCK . . . your choice . . . 2o% OFF*. These are Dietz- 
McLean’s “ prescription quality” glasses in famous- name fashion frames. Sale includes glass and - plastic lenses in gradient, Photo-gray or Photo-sun. 
This sunshine season, have the sunglasses you’ve been waiting for! Sale prices through Saturday, 
April 9. 

* For your prescription 

 glasses, 2o% off applies 

 to frames only. 

Use your BankAmericard 

 or Master Charge, 

 the glasses people 

8 CONVENIENT LOCATIONS 

Park North Professional Bldg. 12o6 Nix Professional Bldg. 

Lobby, Medical Arts Bldg. 
7o59 San Pedro 

Lobby, M A S Tower Bldg. 
I 223 S.W. M ilitary Dr. 

Lobby, Rosa Verde Tower 
O ak Hills Medical Bldg. 

IN VICTORIA 

Town Plaza Mall 

 xBilly’s b eer cans hot item in Plains 

Your nerves register the quieting of the crowd when this bizarre-looking man with his long gray-black hair and his long cantaloupe-colored robe walks in the room. 
The lecture hall at Trinity University falls as silently as fresh snow. No twitterings. No traces of sound. Si­ lence. 
He sits down. His long, brown fingers dovetail on his lap. They’re incredibly still, Not tense or frozen still. Controlled — like a cat. 
His followers call him “ Swatniji” — a name of reverence for a guru. 
Swami Satchidananda laughs confi­ dently and calls himself, “jack of all, but master of none." 
Swami Satchidananda is a Hindu monk with a following of more than 
3oo,ooo in the U.S. After moving to the 

 v . u . i i w i n 
A n v i l e d 
L u j v a i o ct o ' * v a ' tablished his ashram (pace of religious instruction) in Connecticut. 
He also established 25 Integral Yoga 
Institutes across the country — in­ cluding one in San Antonio where yoga instruction and information on medi­ tation is available. 
Holy man 
His followers say he’s a holy man. 
They bring him flowers and plants and smiles of reverence. 
Is he holy? 
“ I just leave it to the people to decide what I am. I know what I am ,” ex­ plains the 62-year-old man. 
Then he te a se s, “ Holy? I d o n ’t know.” He pulls out the sleeves of his 

“ By love. I don’t mean this ordinary love — ‘Honey, I love you. Do you love me? No. Okay, then I go to Mexico.’ 
“ You call that love?” says Swami. 
“ In my eyes that’s only business. Love is one-way traffic. It gives and shares expecting nothing.” 
He talks about renouncing the world. 

 too. But by that does he mean leaving home and family? 
Not at all, he says. “ We should be of the world to do our duties. . . what you renounce is possession, the attachment of ‘mine.’ 
“ I can say my bungalow, but I can’t take it with m e." he explains. He’s enjoying himself. 
“ Life will be easier if we are not possessing.’’ 
“ Everybody — everything in the un­ iverse — seeks happiness," says the 
Swami. In seeking they look every­ w here but w here they should — to themselves. 
“ I t ’s like you a re w earin g your necklace and you forget you are wear­ ing it.” explains the Swami. “ So you look everywhere for it and all the time it was around your neck.” 

 robe. “ Do my clothes have holes?" His eyes twinkle. 
“ I’m not'a minister in the regular sense,” he’s telling the Trinity group. 
‘‘I’m just here to tell you if you want it.” T here’s a lilt to his foreign-ac­ cented voice. “ It's up to you to tune to the proper station and get what you want.” 

Riddles 
SUNGLASSES SALE 

Poge 
14 - A _______San Antonio EXPRESS-NEW5— Saturday April 2 1977 

JERSEY JOE WALCOTT, left, and Joe Louis reminisce on their 1948 bout, low er photo, in “ The W a y It W a s,” scheduled for showing on April 12 at 7:3o p.m. over 
KLRN-TV, Channel 9 
TW highlights err 

1o:3o a.rn. (Ch. 9) - RE­ 
BOP - T his m o rn in g ’s program stops in Provi­ dence, Rhode Island, to m eet a 15-year-old girl who works in a restaur­ ant on weekends; in Bos­ ton, where a 13-year-old girl p a r tic ip a te s in a three-day Puerto Rican festiv al; and H arlem , where two best friends are p art of the Yoruba religion. 

Noon (C h. 4) - TV-4 JOBS 
- ( P a r t One) “ Solar 
E n e rg y ” e x p lain s the basic principles used in 
Solar E nerg y. F ilm of 
T rinity U niversity’s So­ lar Energy Project will depict how research is being applied locaaly. 
G uests are Dr. Gene 
('lark, chairm an of the 
Solar C urriculum Com­ m ittee at T rin ity ; g r a ­ duate student Bill Lende; and Howard Decker, vice p re sid e n t of a local p lu m b in g and h eatin g company. 

12:3o p.m. (Ch. 5) - CBS 
CHILDREN’S 
FILM 
FESTIVAL - (Ii) “ Cold 
P iz z a ” d eals with two e n te rp r is in g young 
G re e k boys try in g to raise enough money to leave w in try M ontreal and visit their homeland. 

3:3o 
(Ch. 
5) 
- 
CBS 
SPORTS 
SPECTACU­ 
LAR - Today’s program takes a look at the world famous M asters Tourna­ ment; and live auto rac­ ing action at the Texas 
2oo, at T exas W orld 
Speedway in College Sta­ tion. 

3:3o (Ch. 12) - ABC’S 
WIDE 
WORLD 
OF 
SPORTS - The Phoenix 
15o 
In d ian ap o lis-C ar 
Race and the World Re­ 

 cord High Diving Cham­ pionship are featured. 

5p( 12)Co1GATE-Dinah Shore 
•Winners Circle 
Richest Woman’s Golf 
Championship(Adv.) 

6 (Ch. 12) - THE LAW­ 
RENCE WELK SHOW - 
The cities and fam ous sites of A m erica are highlighted. 

7 (Ch. 5) - THE MARY 
TYLER MOORE SHOW - 
(R) Sue Ann Nivens, the 
Happy Homemaker, has some real com petition, and it comes from her own family. Pat Priest guest stars as Sue Ann’s younger, charm ing and beautiful kid sister who proves too much for Sue 
Ann. 

7 
(Ch. 
4) 
- 
EM ER­ 
GENCY! - “ Upward and 
O n w a rd .” Leon Ames guest stars as an actor who is stricken just be­ fore going on the air. He is rushed to R a m p a rt 
H ospital, and his p ro ­ ducer wants to broadcast right from his bedside. A faulty elevator furlh *r com plicates the confu­ sion. 

7 (Ch. 
12) - NEWS­ 
WATCH 
ELECTION 
SPECIAL AND MOVIE - 
Channel 12’s coverage of 
San Antonio’s M ayoral and city council elections will a lte rn a te with the 
Academy award-winning m ovie “ The Last H u r­ ra h .” Anchors Don Col­ son and K aren Wilson will be su pp o rted by 
KSAT-TV news reporters at several locations throughout San Antonio. 

7 (Ch. 9) - LOWELL 

Actor says playing role as Jesus tough 

NEW YORK (AP) - It was an overw helm ing task, a singularly tough role to play. British actor 
R obert Powell says it shook him , personally. 
He isn't certain what it did to him, but he says it did something. 
“ W hether i f s a su b ­ jective thing involving my role as an actor or whether it’s an objective occurence in me, I’m still not su re ,” he says. “ It will take time, perhaps more than a year, to re­ late to what happened to me, to know what it means.” 
Powell plays the title role in “ Jesus of Nazar­ e th ,” an extraordinary and powerfully moving portrayal of the life of 
C hrist being shown on 
NBC-TV in two, three- hour seg m e n ts on the 
Sunday nights of Easter week, April 3 and IO. 
$18-million film 

• The cast of the 
$18-million film is packed with a score of luminaries of the movie world, including L aw ­ rence Olivier, Anne Ban­ croft, E rnest Borgnine, 
Anthony 
Quinn, 
Rod 
Steiger, P e te r Ustinov, 

A luxury is something you don’t need but cannot do without. 
In the 1976 World Bridge 
Olympics, Lionel Da Silva of the 
Philliptnes could not resist the luxury of playing in game in spite of meager values. And to justly the optimism. Da Silva found a way through the maze so that he would not do without 
West fortunately led hearts in­ stead of the jack of spades and declarer was able to time the play nicely to end play Exist for two tricks rn the spade suit 
West’s heart ten was covered by dummy and East and declarer took the ace. A club was led to dummy’s ten and when East ducked, another club went to 
Exist s ace, declarer unblocking the queen 
E ast led hearts, dum m y ducked, and a third round cleared the suit with dummy winning the trick. A low dia­ mond was led and East wisely put up his king - he knew that if he didn t he could later be given the lead in diamonds and be forced to lead from the spade king Declarer won Exist’s king with his ace and ran the rest of the clubs After the last club was played East, having been forced to hold the guarded spade king and the diamond jack. had only one high heart left And when declarer played a diamond from dum m y to East's jack, the defease was in truly bad shape lf West overtook the diamond ja ck to attack the spades, declarer would score his ninth trick in diamonds So East was allowed to win the diamond jack. The high heart was castled while declarer discarded the diamond ten. Down to two cards. 
E asts painful spade lead gave 

WEST 

NORTH 
A Q5 
▼ Q J 7 
♦ 8 6 3 
♦ K IO 8 7 6 
EAST 

"I haven’t been able lo separate what it is iii me from having been living the p a rt of this astonishing indivi­ dual, Jesus' 

4 J IO 9 8 6 2 
4 K 3 
▼ IO 4 
, 
▼ K 9 8 6 3 2 
♦ Q 5 4 2 
( K J 
♦ 2 
♦ A 9 3 
SOETH 
♦ A 7 4 
▼ a s 
♦ A IO 9 7 
♦ Q J 54 

V u ln era b le§ N orth -S ou th , 
Dealer South, The bidding: 

South 
West North 
East 
! ♦ 
Pass 2 * 
2* 
2 NT 
Pass 3 NT 
All pass 

Opening lead Ten of hearts 

J a m e s M ason and a marvelously convincing 
Virgin Mary, Olivia Hus­ sey. 
On the basis of p re ­ view s, it has been p raised by m any r e li­ gious le a d e rs. P ro te s ­ tant, Roman Catholic and 
Jew ish , as the m ost gripping, historically ac­ c u ra te and B iblically sound film re p re s e n ta ­ tion yet of the life, death and resurrection of J e ­ sus. 

“The greatest religious film I’ve ever seen,” says the Rev. Dr. Paul M. 
Stevens, radio-television executive of the Southern 
Baptist Convention. 
The film has “ a spiri­ tual dim ension that is uncommon in most such w o rk s,” says the U.S. 
Catholic 
Conference communications depart­ ment. 

“ A m a jo r b re a k th ­ rough,” says Rabbi Marc 
T a n e n b a u m , in te r r e li­ gious affairs director of 

 the A m erican Jew ish 
Committee. 
The film will enable 
“ many people to discover for themselves who Jesus is and why this figure has claimed the allegiance of so many millions through the ages.” says the Rev. 
Sebastian Charles of the 
B ritish 
Council of 
Churches. 

“ The word, ‘outstand­ ing,’ only begins to de­ scribe it,” says Wendell 
J. Ashton of the Church of Jesu s C hrist of L a t­ ter-Day Saints (M or­ mon ). 

E vangelist Billy G ra­ ham says, “ People are going to be glued to their sets.” 
Sensitive actor 

A Jew ish histo rian , 
Rabbi 
A lbert 
F ried - lander, after w atching the six-hour film several times, says, “ The impact continues to amaze and astound me.” 

That’s also what it ap­ parently did to Powell, a lean, sensitive actor of 32 who played the part of 
Je su s in his stran g ely gentle yet mighty m in­ istry of teaching, m ira ­ culous healings and fin­ ally his crucifixion and victory over death. 

“ C ertainly it had an effect on m e,” he says. 
“ I ’ve had a sense of a profound effect. But just, what it is, I haven’t been able to separate what it is in mc from having been living the part of this as­ tonishing individual, J e ­ sus.” 
Powell grew up in the 
Agliean faith but he says that it was an inherited background and he had not been personally con­ vinced of Jesus’ divinity. that Jesus possessed both full hum anity and God­ hood. 

But now, he told a news conference following a preview of the film, he’s not sure what to make of it, not until h e ’s done m ore p riv a te th in k in g and study of the gospels to disentangle his own convictions from the role in which he has been immersed. 
TV LISTINGS 

P rogram listing* com piled in this log o re furn ished by the te ­ levision sta tio n s and a re subject to la st m inute changes. 
The n e w sp a p er is not resp o n ­ sible w hen listings a re in e rro r. 

 declarer a free finesse and the gam e was scored 
Well played and in line with the old rubber bridge philosophy 
-- “lf you overbid to aggressive games, you’ve got to find a way to make them' 

B id W ith C orn 
South holds 

♦ K 3 
4 ZU 
▼ K 9 8 6 3 2 
♦ K J 
♦ A 9 3 

South 
North 
I V 
I* 
2V 
3V 

THOMAS REMEMBERS 
- Film highlights of 1974 include the evacuation of 
South V ietnam ; th re e 
W atergate d efen dants found guilty; the death of 
FE RANGO: AND THE 
RE O PE N IN G OF THE 
Suez canal. 

7:3o (Ch. 5) - THE BOB 
NEWHART SHOW - (R) 
I f s all out war as the usually quiet Bob and his wife Emily do battle with the landlord. 
T heir a p a rtm e n t becom es a hot-and-cold battlefield. 

8 (Ch. 9) - NATIONAL 
GEOGRAPHIC SPECIAL 
- “ The Incredib le M a­ c h in e ” exam ines new techniques in m edicine aud photography explor­ ing the in n erm o st r e ­ cesses of the hum an body. 

8 (Ch. 5) - ALL IN THE 
FAMILY - (P a rt One) 
(R) Archie has to under­ go an operation and he’s far from happy about the idea. But what little opti­ mism he lias goes out the window when he comes face to face with the sur­ geon. 

8 (Ch. 4) - NHC SATUR­ 
DAY NIGHT AT THE 
MOVIES - “The Outfit.” 
Two brothers rob a gam ­ bling den, not knowing the games are run by the mob. One b ro th e r is killed by a hit man and his brother sets out to avenge his death. He also plans to get an other 
$25o,ooo from the syndi­ cate. Robert Duvall, Ro­ bert Ryan, Karen Black, 
Joe 
Don 
B aker and 
Sheree North star. 

8:3op(5)CAROl BURNETT 1oth 
•Anni. Show/9o-minute reprise of HigHlights(Adv.) 

8:3o (Ch. 5) - THE CAR 
OL BURNETT SHOW - 
Carol c e le b ra te s the completion of her tenth 
TV season w ith a 
9o-minute special. The re g u la r east m e m b e rs recall favorite com edy sk its and m usical numbers of the 2oo shows taped over the IO years. 
Sixteen guests, including 
M arth a Rave, G loria 
Swanson, Lily Tom lin, 
Mickey Rooney and Lu­ cille Ball, will be seen. 

1o:3o (Ch. 4) - W EE­ 
KEND - Tonight’s edition includes reports on the plutocracy in Poland w here c a p ita lism is a daily, flourishing reality for a few rich entrepren­ eurs; a look at the boom­ ing art business of “ in­ stant originals” ; and a segment on a Tennessean who went tp Canada to avoid the draft and be­ came a Canadian citizen. 

1o:3o (Ch. 12) - SUPER- 
STAR CINEMA - “ T u l­ sa.” Susan Hayward and 
Robert Preston star. A fiery redh ead , m ade wealthy by oil, is too im­ pressed with her own power. She soon changes her outlook before losing the man she loves. 

 kM oL-!V o 
-NUC 
KENS-TV 
o 
— CBS 
KLR N-TV a 
Ed 
KSAT-TV 
(B 
ABC 
KW EX-TV 
CD -Ind. 

The Woody 

Woodpecker Show 

The Pink Panlher 

 laugh & '/? 

Hour & Vj 

Speed Buggy 

Monster Squad 

Spoce Ghost/ 

Frankenstein Jr. 

Big John, 

Little John 

Aro Porseghion s 

Sports 

Outdoors 

TV 4 Jobs 

Outdoors With 

Ken Callaway 

Astros Baseball 

Houston Astros 

 vs. 

Texas Rangers 

Sylvester & 

Tweety 

Clue Club 

Bugs Bunny/ 

Roadrunner Hour 

Tarzan, lord 

 of the Jungle 

New Adventures 

 of Batman 

Villa Alegre 

Mister Rogers' 

Neighborhood 

Sesame Street 

Shozam/ 

Isis Hour 

Fat Albert and 

 the Cosby Kids 
Ark ll 

Way Out Games 

CBS Children's 

Film Festival 

Rawhide 

Clint Eastwood 

Kidsworld 

Saturday Matinee 

‘ Pardon My 

Sarong 

Bud Abbott 

Iou Costello 

Music Hall 
America 

Charlie Pride 

 is host 

TV-4 Big News 

Nancy Runnels 

Wild, Wild World 

 of Animals 

Emergency! 

Kevin Tighe 

Randy Montooth 
Robert Fuller 

NBC Saturday Night 

 at the Movies 

The Outfit1' 

Robert Duvall 

Karen Black 

TV-4 Big News 

Nancy Runnels 

Weekend 

Lloyd Dobyns 

 is host 

(12) Lafe Show 

"Paranoiac” 

That Good Ole 

Nashville Music 

CBS Sports 
Spectacular 

Eyewitness News 

Sylvan Rodriguez 
CBS Evening 

News 

Hee Haw 

 with hosts 

Buck Owens 

 and Roy Clark 

The Mary Tyler 

Moore Show 

The Bob Newhart 

Show 

All In The Family 

Carroll O'Connor 

The Carol 
Burnett Show 

Eyewitness News 

Sylvan Rodriguez 

Star Trek 

William Shatner 

(11:3o) Big Show 

"The First 

 to Fight' 

Chat Everett 

Once Upon 
A Classic 

Infinity Factory 

Carroscolendas 

To Be 

Announced 

Five String 

Bongo 

Chust for 

Fancy 

Word on 
Words 

Guppies to 
Groupers 

By Line 

MD. 

The Garden 

Show 
Cinema 

Showcase 

NOVA 

'The Human 

Animal" 

People and 

Ideas 

School Talk 

Firing Line 

William F. 

Buckley, Jr. 

 is host 

Lowell Thomas 

Remembers 

The Way it Was 

Nat l Geographic 

Special 

' The Incredible 

Machine" 

PBS Movie 

Theatre 

 la Strode" 

Anthony Quinn 

Guilietta Masina 

Richard Basehor 

Soundstage 

(12) Monty Pyth on 

The Tom & Jerry/ 

Mumbly Show 

Jabberjaw 

Scooby Doc/ 

Dynomutt Show 

The Kroffts 

Supershow 

Super Friends 

The Oddball 
Couple 

American 

Bandstand 

Dick Clark 

 is host 

Opinion 

El Chaplin 
Colorado 
7:3o p.m., 
Ch. 41 

Community 

Report 

Sportsman's 

Friend 

Pro Bowlers 

Tour 

ABC s Wide 

World of Sports 

Dinah Shore 

Winners Circle 
Championship 

The Lawrence 

Welk Show 

NewsWatch Flection 

Special. . . ond . . . 

Movie "The Last 

Hurrah" 

Spencer Tracy 

Jeffrey Hunter 

James Gleason 

NewsWatch 

Graham Smith 
Superstar Cinema 

"Tulsa" 

Susan,Jfayward 
(12:3o)Late Movie 

"Bonjour Tristesse" 

Deborah Kerr 

La Voz del 

Evangelic 

El Show 

 de Carmita 

Carmita Jiminez 

Cine del Sabado 

'Desperado , 

 de Soltera" 

Arturo de 

Cordova 

Fanfarria 

Falcon 

Sal y 

Pimiento 
Oscar Zamora 

 is host 

Lucha Libre 

(Wrestling) 

 las Aventuras 

 de Capulina 

Chespirito 
Roberto Rolanos 

Arriba el Teton 

Musical variety 

Box de Mexico 

Las Invencibles 

(12) Sign Off 

BRITISH actor Robert Powell play* the title role in “ Jesus of N a z a r­ e th ,” to be show n on N B C -TV in two segments Easter w eek 

“ I've got to get away from it and take some time,” he saki. “ I don't want to describe just a surface impression from being involved so closely in the life of Christ.” 
Unspeakable task 

Franco Zeffirelli, the gifted Italian director of 

 the film and a Rom art 
Catholic, said, “ I was imploring, praying and hoping a hand was guid­ ing me not to m ake a m istake. It was an u n ­ speakable task to portray the inter working of Gad and man, this incredible figure of Jesus. I think we did. I think we we{e guided.” 

Capulina 
7 p.m., Ch. 41 

JESSE WINCHESTER, on A m erican c o m p o s e r-g u ita ris t w ho fle d to 
Canada and becam e a Canadian ci­ tizen a fte r refusing m ilitary se r­ vice, is subject of a report Saturday from 1o:3o a.m . until noon o v e r 
KM OL-TV, Channel 4 
Squawk box 

 cle a ra n ce 

PARSON $ i | - 
END TABLE I O 

LAMPS 
* 
PARSON $ 
C/T 

How can we do it? 
McDonald's is the clearance center for \ one of 
America's ' largest furniture leas- 1 ing companies. 

‘.‘THEY RENT IT FIRST SO 
MCDONALD'S CAN SELL 
IT FOR LESS!’’ 

This is a very impor­ tant question as there is a dinner involved in the answer. 
Was 
Dan 
Rowan’s daughter mar­ ried to Dick Martin or 
Peter Lawford? -J .G . 

Dan was 
P e t e r ’s father-in-law. He’s just 
Dick's partner. 

Jim m y is Miss Hayes adopted son. 

★ ★ ★ 

Did John Denver move to Anchorage, Alaska? 
—A Fan 

No, John is still a re­ sident of his beloved Co­ lorado. 

A nsw er: Four hearts. North’s 
11*3o (Ch. 5 ) - THE BIG raise is a game invitation and 
SHOW - “ The F irs t to 
Souths extra values leave little 
, 
, , r h 
, 
4 choice but to accept b ig h t, 
(h a d E v e re tt 

 and Marilyn Devin star. 
A young M arine, Con­ gressional Medal of Hon­ or winner becomes rest­ less when his wife insists he must accept only safe tours of duty. 

Midnight (Ch. 4) - THE 
LATE SHOW - “ P a ra n ­ oiac.” Janette Scott and 
Oliver Reed star. A yung girl becomes victim of a plot by her p aran oiac brother and aunt to have her declared insane. 

12:3o a.m. (Ch. 12) - THE 
LATE MOVIE - “ Bonjour 
Tristesse.” David Niven and Deborah Kerr star. A young girl, living with her widowed father and his female companion on the French Riviera, plots to get rid of the god­ mother who has disrupt­ ed their lives. 

I a m. (Ch. 5) - NIGIIT- 
FLIGHT ’77 - “ The Mil lionaire: The Story of 
Dan M ulcahy.” A good- hearted and big-voiced co nstru ctio n w orker finds himself bucking his wife’s nouveau riche ten­ dencies when he receives a $1 m illion ta x f r e e 

 windfall from an anony­ mous multi-millionaire. 
“ Wild Wild West: The 
Night of Sudden Death.” 
Secret agents West and 
Gordon take on a band of counterfeiters who have robbed the mint of plates used to print money. 

Approx. 3:3o a.m. (Ch. 5) 
- NIGHTFLIGIIT MOVIE 
- “ The Magic Box.” Ro­ bert Donat, Sir Laurence 
Olivier, Glynis Johns and 
Michael Redgrave star in the story of W illiam 
Friese-Green, who devot­ ed his life to the inven­ 

 tion of a motion picture c a m e ra , and who r e ­ ceived recognition only after his death. 

★ ★ ★ 

I would appreciate it greatly if you would tell me if James MacArthur of Hawaii Five-o is the real or adopted son of 
Helen Hayes. —Jane 

A 

ATTRACT 

WAVES 

OF BOAT 

BUYERS. 
225-1666 

TERMITES 
2o% OFF 

UNIQUE PEST CONTROL 
734-43o8 • 333-2982 

UPH. 
$ o o 
CHAIR 
OO 
6 DRAWER $ r £ 
DRESSERS 
O O 

TWIN SIZE 
BEDDING $ ^ ^ 

3-PC. 
$ o < j 
DINETTES OO 

HEADBOARDS^ IO 

MIRRORS $1o 

SOFAS 
*55 

5 
* • 
* 9 7 
•J 
DINETTES 
# # 

DRAWER $ 4 J 
CHEST 
4 4 

 j 

 p 

San Antonio EXPRESS-NEW S— Saturday April 2 I 977 

DODD VINDICATED AT LAST 

Continued from PageJA 

1952. to arrange for peaceful negotia­ tions of the matter. 
Dodd tra v ele d to the com pound without weapons and without a body­ guard. According to testimony of fel­ low o ffice rs, it was not an unusual action. 
Dodd had done so before, leading a 
DVN. delegation through the compound 

 several days before. U N. policy for­ bade ca rry in g weapons in the c o m ­ pound. Dodd obeyed regulations. 
As Dodd began to turn back to his h e a d q u a rte rs , the PO W s suddenly rushed fo rw ard , seized him and dragged him inside. 
The POWs. armed with knives and handmade weapons, threatened to kill 
’todd and sw a rm p ast th e flim sy 
$5o(ooo 
SW EEPSTAKES 
77 

NUMBERS 

I 
5 
P 
I Deadline 
M o n . 
4- 
. M. 
4 - 7 7 
J 
*5o°82- o 5 - 6 7 1 7 

IN GIFT CERTIFICATE 
* 1 o 4 5 3 - 1 1 - 5 3 3 7 

IN GIFT CERTIFICATE 
*25 4 6 7 - 3 6 - 7 5 o o 

IN GIFT CERTIFICATE 
* 1 o 4 4 9 - 8 8 - 8 5 o 7 

IN GIFT CERTIFICATE 
*25 4 6 1 - 1 9 - 4 9 4 1 

IN GIFT CERTIFICATE 
*1o 2 5 5 - 4 6 - 2 6 o 5 

IN GIFT CERTIFICATE 
*1o o 3 9 - o 9 - 1 7 21 

IN GIFT CERTIFICATE 
*1o 1 3 1 - o 5 - 6 7 o 7 

IN GIFT CERTIFICATE 
*1o 1 3 8 - o 1 - 6 - 7 6 2 

IN GIFT CERTIFICATE 
*1o 4 7 4 - 4 6 - 4 3 6 5 

IN GIFT CERTIFICATE 
*^o 2 5 2 - o 3 - 4 1 7 5 

IN GIFT CERTIFICATE 
1*1o 4 3 o - 2 7 - 1 6 9 1 

IN GIFT CERTIFICATE 

* 1 
o 
3 8 1 ' 1 o ' 4 5 o 3 
IN G IF T C E R T JF IC A T ^^ 

Claim s not honored on Sat. or Sun.r 

Winners must bring their Social Security card and another form of iden­ 

 tification to the SW EEPSTAKES EDITOR at the Express-News building, 

Ave. E and Third St. by the deadline indicated above. Prizes will be 

 forfeited otherwise. ALL PRIZES ARE IN THE FO RM O F GIFT CERTI­ 

FICATES FOR THE A M O U N T W O N REDEEM ABLE AT ST O RES W H IC H 

H AVE ADVERTISED IN THE S A N A N T O N IO EXPRESS, THE N E W S, 

O R W EEK END EXPRESS-N EW S THIS W EEK. Winners of Spurs tickets 

 will receive ticket claim letters with which they may claim their two free 

 tickets to the home game of their choice. 
A BONUS NUMBER 
WORTH $1 ,o o o OR MORE 
IN PRIZES 
EACH SUNDAY 

PLUS A SUBSCRIBER BONUS 
THAT CAN W IN YOU UP TO 
$5oo EXTRA IN PRIZES! lf you’re the winner of our big $1,ooo Bonus Number, and you’re a present subscriber to the daily San Antonio 
Express and The News, you'll be awarded an A D D I­ 
TIONAL $5oo IN PRIZES! lf you win the Bonus Number, and you are a present subscriber to the daily Express or 
The News, you’ll claim an additional $25o in prizes! 

SEND IN YOUR ENTRY TODAY 
The earlier you get it in, the more drawings you ’ll be eligible for! 

N O PURCHASE N EC ESSA RY. Entry cords also available at the Ex­ press-News upon request. W inning numbers may be viewed at the newspaper offices from 8:3o a.m. to 5 :3 o p.m. M onday - Friday or at public libraries during open hours. 

1. TO ENTER 
Simply WI In th # nntry coupon w'.tti all ropuofitad in lorm otlo" and your Soc lo) Socurlty Numfcoi end marl lf to SW H KSTA M S. IX - 
PRISS 
AHO 
N IW S, 
P.O. 
ROX 
I S I ] , S a t Antonio, To«a» 7 R 3 9 7 . 
THo on try coupon m u tt bo adhoc. ad to a pottcard, o d d ratto d . ond than m atted. No purchase It re ­ quired to en ter. Sntry cordt alto a v ailab le e t tho 
(a p r o n ond 
N ew t. Avo. I and Third S t., Ir o n 
• :S o a.m . to SiSO p.m . w eek days. Ro toro to chock tho " T I S ” bo a H you w ith to tu btcribo to th o (a p ro n or N ew t or both or H you w ith to odd on tho oth er p ap er. Or HH In tho "N O " boa lf you do not w ith to subscribe, lith e r w ay. you o re eligible for th o prises if you ten d in tho com - p lated entry cord. 

2. PRIZES 
N i r i will Imi o ff» r# 4 dally. M on­ day through M d a y , In Hi# San 
Antonio l i p r t n and Tho Now* and Saturday and Sunday In tho 
£■ pro**-N ow *, b ased on a draw - ta g conducted daily and an Tri­ day* for tho w oob ond* and 
M onday*. W inner* will he a w a r­ ded gift cortiftcafo* entitling them to their th aice of retail m e rc h a n t*# from firm * wha ho ve ad vertised in th e San An­ ton ia («p re**, Tho N ow *, or S a t­ urday o r Sunday ix p re s i-N e w * during th at wool*. 

SUNDAY 
ARIZES 
WILL 
CONSIST 
O f 
BONUS 
NUMBERS 
WORTH 
$ 1 ,o o o OR MORE EACH WIEK. 
PIUS IO SPURS BS TICKETS EACH 
SUNDAY. lf tho winner a f th e 
Sunday 

Tho Rules: 

 bonus 
Number it o p ro to n ! tub scriber ta tho doily io n A n. tonio (S p ro tt end Tho N ow s, ho or tho w ill bo a w a r d e d an ad* dltionot $ 5 o o In p riia t. lf tho 
Sunday bonus Num ber w inner it a pre en! subscriber lo tho daily 
(■ p rest OR The N ew t, he or she will be aw arded an additional 
$ 2 5 o in prises. 

SATURDAY PRIZCi W IU CONSIST 
O f. 
$ 5 o (I) 
25 (2) 
IO (5) 
2 SPURS $ 5 TICKITS (S PAIR) 

DAILY PR U IS IN ROTH THI IX . 
PRISS ANO TNI N IW S: 
$5o(1) 
TS (2) 
IO (S) 
2 SPURS $ 3 TICKITS (2 PAIR) 

A 
TOTAL 
O f 
$ 5 o o 
IN 
P R U IS 
DAILY PIUS t SS SPURS TICKITSI 
3. HOW YOU CAN 
W IN: 
A draw ing will b e held delly to d eterm ine the follow ing d o y 't w inners. Saturday. Sunday, ond 
M onday w inner, will bo drow n tho preceding Friday. Tho earlier you send In your entry, tho m ore w eeks you wHI bo elig ib le to win prises! 
4. DEADLINE TO CLAIM 
PRIZES 
W inning num ber* wilt he pwhhih- ed each day in th * San A ntonia 
I «gra*». The N ew *, ond Saturd ay and Sunday fcp ro**-N ow ». 
I s - p re** w inner* will h av e until noon the follow ing d ay to claim p m # *. N ew t winner* will h av e 

 until S p*m. th e follow ing day to cloff* prise*. W a winning num ber is published en Friday, Saturday. or Sunday, th e p rise* m ust he 
Maimed by S p.m . th e fellow ing 
Monday or th ey will h e fo rfeited 
W inner* m ay com # to the Cir­ culation Dept, o f th # 
E xp ress- 
N ew* budding, Ava. f and Third 
St. t© claim their p rice*. They must hove p roof o f their Social 
Security num ber, p referab ly a 
Social Security cord, pius o th er identification. W inner* m ust con­ tact the im prest and N ew * by th e appropriate d ead lin e ar p rise* will be fo rfaited . 

5. W HO M A Y ENTER 

The SSO ,OOO Sw ee p stak es '7 7 I* open to any resident o f any a re a w here th e San A ntonia Empress and Use N ew * a ra distributed. 
The onfy requ irem ent ii th at he or she h ave a Social Secu rity number. Em ployee* and im m edi­ a te fam ilies e l 
Ix p ro st-N ew s 
Corp, and W orld 
Printing Co., their ag en t* and distributor* ore not r is ib le 
NO 
PURCHASE 
IS 
NECESSARY TO INTER OR CLAIM 
A PRIZE. An en try card will be furnished upon req u est from Hie 
San 
Antonio 
Express and 
The 
New* Iron: 8 :3 o a rn. 
?o 
5 3o p.m . w eek d ay *. W inning num­ b er* m ay b e view ed a t tho I * - press-N ew * building from 8 :3 o a.m . to 5 .3 o p.m . M onday-Fri­ day, o r a f public libraries during open hour*. 
YOU 
NEED 
NOT 
SUBSCRIBE 
OR 
MAKE 
ANY 
PURCHASE, But you m u*t e n ter to be eligible to yrbi. THIS OTTER IS 
VOID 
WHERE • RESTRICTED 
RY 
LAW. 

•ences holding them if force was used lo rescue their captive. 
Brig. Gen. Charles F. Colson, named temporary com mandant, began care­ ful negotiations for Dodd’s safe return. 
This was accomplished May IO. with­ out bloodshed. 
The Army ordered Dodd to make no comment to the press concerning his capture. The U.S. and foreign press heavily criticiz e d the U .S. general captured by his POWs. 
Dodd appeared before an 8th Army board of inquiry, which found he and 
Colson had acted coolly in handling the situation and found Dodd blameless for the incident. 
Clark 

Gen. Mark Clark, newly named Far 
East commander on May 12, was not pleased with the verdict. “ Frank Dodd had em barrassed a lot of officials and generals,” the General said. 
“ We weren’t supposed to be forcibly screening POWs to stay in the south, but we were. F ra n k ’s capture revealed that fact to the world. A lot of people never forgave him for that.” 
Clark reconvened his own board, re­ fused to allow Dodd to testify in his defense and recommended Colson and 
Dodd be reduced in rank to colonel. 
Washington officials approved the re­ commendations. 
Dodd was demoted May 24, 1952, and transferred to a desk job at 4th Army 
Headquarters at FT. Sam Houston. A year later he was involuntarily placed on the retirement list. 
He attempted to fight back, within the muzzle the Army had placed on him. He wrote the adjutant general of the Arm y, requesting a copy of the report issued by Clark’s board. 
Top secret 

A few weeks later, he received an incredible answer. “ The material re­ quested ... is classified ‘Top S e cret’ and therefore not available.” 
Dodd was stunned. Arm y doctors told him to forget Koje-Do and forget the Army or he faced certain emotional breakdown. 
Dodd tried to forget. But the Army had been his life for 3o y ea rs. How could he wipe out 3o years overnight? 
“ He couldn’t , ” the G eneral said. 
“ Im agine what it was like for him. disgraced for something beyond his control. Im agine how he walked the floor, night after night.” 
His d aughters related Dodd w ith­ drew into him self, losing him self in furniture and cabinetmaking. 
“ That's the way Daddy w as,” Mrs. 
Joyce said. “ He didn't want his friends to fight his battles for him and he had tried to fight back, hut ran into a wall marked ‘Top Secret.” ’ 
F o r IO y e a rs , Dodd fought all a t­ tempts by friends and family to clear his name. “ The thought of facing more inquiries and reliving the nightmare chilled him .” the General said. 

Defense 

A letter in his defense in “ A rm y” magazine by former West Point class­ mate A. S. Newman prompted Dodd's friends to renew their effort and urge 

I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
IJ 
I 

ADHERE TO POSTCARD, PLEASE! ■ ■ ■ ■ ■ 

San Antonio Express 
^ I 
The News *5o,ooo SWEEPSTAKES 771 

 vj SWEEPSTAKES 

M a il lo 
Express ond Nev 
P O Bo* 2585 
Son Antonio, Texai 78297 
A T IEN CIRCULATIO N DEPT 

MY SOCIAS M O M TTT MUMAU Mi 
□ 
Y ES 
□ 
NO 

Pleose enter me rn the 
SW EEPSTAK ES and I would like to enter o subscription as indicated below for the next 
9 o day*. 

Pied ie enter me in the 
SW EEPSTAK ES but I prefer not to order a subscription to the papers a* this time 

Dodd to try for reinstatement. 
“ That letter really seemed to make an impression on h im .” the General said. “ It showed him he wasn’t alone. 
Other people cared about how shabbily he had been treated.” 
Dodd consented to let the General and Other friends work on his behalf. 
There was one qualification: lie would never relive his e xp e rien ces before another Army board. 
M iss Dodd said , “ I d on't think 
Daddy ever thought there was any chance. He knew the Army. He had fought b ack , but they fought back harder." 
His d a u g h te rs re m e m b e r how fo rm e r c o lle a g u e s turned a g a in st 
Dodd. Many people offered their con­ dolences, but few — precious few — said he had received a raw deal. 
Miss Dodd went to a movie in the late 
195os, “ The Manchurian Candidate." 
It told the tale of a GI brainwashed by the Chinese Communists during the 
Korean War. 
“ There was one scene showing three posters with the faces of Mao, Stalin and Daddy. There was no reason for it. 
Daddy blew up. but we never could find out why it was done.” 
Friends 

The General and other friends wrote the secretary of the Army numerous times in Dodd's behalf during 197o. 
“ There seemed very little concern about the case,” the General said. “ It was old stuff, history. But we kept trying. Dodd was my friend.” 
The G eneral petitioned the Army adjutant general for a new hearing in the case in August 1973. It was denied for lack of new evidence. 
During the confining, battle sin his n a m e , Dodd died M arch 1974. A friendly stonecutter at Ft. Sam Hous­ ton National Cemetery placed “ Brig. 
Gen.” on his headstone. But it was still not official. 
In 1974, the General requested tran­ scripts of the Clark board under the 
Freedom of Information Aet. 
Faceless bureaucrats informed the 
General the records lie wishes were now in Army archives in St. Louis. 
Repeated attempts to find them proved futile. 
. 
Finally, on Feb. 12, 1975. St. Louis sen t the board tr a n s c r ip t, which showed Dodd had been denied an op­ portunity to defend h im self. Then- 
Army Secretary Bo Calloway was i>e- titioned for help by the General. 

Case heard 

The Army Board for Correction of 
Records heard the Dodd case finally on 
Ju ly 2, 1975. A month later, the Gen­ eral was informed the report was ready. That's the lust he heard from them for nearly two years. 
Then, in Ja n u a ry , the General re­ ceived official word from the hoard it had found in Dodd’s favor. Dodd’s rank was restored, effective Aug, I, 1953 — his retirement date. 
“ Dodd could have re a lly hit the 
Army hard over the secret policy of forced repatriation by going public," 

 the General said. “ But he didn't, he wasn't that kind of man. 
“ He loved the Army and had played by their rules. The Army felt no com ­ punction to repay the favor.” 
Dodd's daughters also voiced their approval of the reinstatement decision. 
The long delay and bureaucratic inac­ tion, however, leaves a b ittersw eet taste to the victory. 
“ The heart-breaking thing is Daddy didn't live long enough to see it. It was a hard thing on him and Mama, but they stood strong through it all.” Mrs. 
Joyce said. 

Her sister nodded her head in assent 
“ It was terrible to watch the whole time and know it gnawed at him con­ stantly. 

“ You wanted to shout nut to the world. ‘He’s innocent.' but no one was listening.” 

Dodd's d aughters and rem ain in g friends don’t feel the victory is hollow. 
That “ Brig. Gen.” carved on Dodd’s headstone now has validity. It’s offi­ cial. 
They hope maybe, just maybe. Gen. 
Dodd got the word 
LO-VACA 

Continued from Page IA 

 can’t borrow from Coastal, we’ll lose all kinds of natural gas sources. That means curtailment and more cost to our customers. Make a note of that.” 
G re e h e y said , “ m ore cost to the custom ers.” 
“ I f s an illegal order and we’ll be in the courthouse Tuesday or W ednes­ day,” Greehey said. 
By the nature of its order, the RRC appeared to accept the argum ent of 
Austin on what should be done with the money, over the recommendations of 
San Antonio, Central Power & Light of 
C orpus C h r is ti, and U nited T e x a s 
Transmission Co. 
Polled 

After hearing testim ony for some two h o u rs. 
Newton polled the representatives of the four customers who had asked to intervene in the hearing. 
Don B u tle r, u tilities attorney for 
Austin, told the commission the money represented “ extraordinary benefits to 
Lo-Vaea. The only appropriate way to handle them is to pass them through to the customers in the form of a reduc­ tion in the cost of gas on their bills.” he said. 
Butler said the interim order of the 
RRC when the company was placed under court-appointed m anagem ent 
“ co n te m p la te d only a b reak -ev en situation for the company. Anything above th is should go to the custom ers.” 
Atty. Jo n Wood, representing San 
Antonio, said it was the opinion of most 
“ the court-appointed management of 

Lo-Vaca has done a good job. It has maintained break-even and now. as a result of good m an ag em en t, shown some profit. 
“ I don’t think we should penalize 
Lo-Vaca for doing a good job.” 

Leeway 

Wood said he felt the court appointed m anagem ent of Lo-Vaca “ should be given some leeway in the use of these funds, for example in the gas storage project." 
Clem McLelland, attorney for UTT* 
CO said “ the R R C ’s own action has assured Coastal can’t get its hands on any of these profits Lo-Vaca is now- m aking b ecau se of sound m a n a g e ­ ment. 
“ Lo-Vaca should be allowed to keep the spread and use it for the benefit of the customers. 
“ The Lo-Vaca m an ag em en t m ust maintain some incentive to keep doing the good job it has done so fur. Take away all the money and there’s no in­ centive.” 
Ja m es A. Wilson, court-appointed manager-supervisor for Lo-Vaca, also w arned the c o m m is s io n not to be shortsighted. 
“ Storage,” Wilson said, “ is an inte g ral p art of any p ipeline com panv operation. It is vital Lo-Vaca has mon c.v to proceed with this program ." 
However, in his final motion, Newton said “ in the past when Lo-Vaca lost money it was the customers who con­ tributed to making it up. 
“ It s e e m s only l a ir now, when 
L o -V a ca is m a k in g a profit the customers should share in that profit 

Woman dies in collision 

AU STIN (A P) - Pa- triciu Moore, 25, an ad­ ministrative secretary of the General Land Office, was killed early Friday when her ear struck a railing of the Colorado 
River bridge in southeast 
Austin, then plunged into the river. 

BEDDING PLANTS by Scientific Farms Greenhouses 
See real quality at good prices! 
SPECIALS: 
• All Bedding Plants at 45< Per Tray 
• Large Tutura Im patiers at 5o4 each 
• Q uality G eranium * at $1.25 

OPEN 7 DAYS 

1o418 Perrin-Beitel Rd. 
(Turn at $ign next to Longhorn Cem ent; next door to United Discount Furniture) 

N AM E. t e le p h o n e . 

A D D R E SS- 

C ITY-------- 

APT 

ST*T£- 
ZIP. 

□ 
Please Cart delivery o* (he N ew s & Sunday D Plea»e Kart delivery of the Express & Sunday 

□ 
Pteose (tort delivery of both Express and New s 

□ 
I am already o subscriber to the Express, please odd the N ew s M ondoy friday to my su b je ctio n 

I 11 pm already a subscriber to the New j, please add the Express Mondoy-friday. to my subscription 

I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I iJ 

2 sue 

T A 
I 
Duval 
County 

BR O W N SV ILLE (A P) 
— Two H arlin gen m en have filed suit in federal court claiming $75,ooo in d am ag es as a result of their “ m istaken” arrest in Duval County. 
Don 
L ee and 
T im 
G re e n , both H arlingen in s u ra n c e e x e c u tiv e s , said they were stopped 
Jan. 26 by Duval County sh eriff deputies Jo sep h 
Cortez and Arnoldo Cantu while traveling through 
F r e e r en route to San 
Antonio. 
The suit names Cantu, 
Cortez and Duval County 
Sheriff Haul Serna as de­ fendants. 
A fter an a lleg ed IOO miles per hr ride to the 
Duval County c o u r th ­ ou se, a d e p a rtm e n t of p u b lic s a fe ty o ffic e r 
"who, upon seeing seeing the paint if fs, announced that a mistake had b e e ^ m a d e .’ ’ Lee and G recrf were then released, ap­ p ro xim a tely two hours after their arrest. 
Claims 

The suit, filed Feb. 22. c la im s Lee and G reen asked the deputies why they were being stopped but w ere told “ to be quite” and one deputy, 
“ holding a shotg u n, slipped a round into the shotgun to emphasize his instructions.” 
The Harlingen men al­ so claim they were “ vi­ ciously handcuffed” and told they “ were under arrest for conspiracy to transport marijuana. 
“ Im m e d ia te ly th e r ­ eafter, they were taken to 
San Diego, Tex., along a farm -to-market. road at speeds of up to IOO miles an hour. The other depu ty was driving Lee’s vc* hide, and while en route at a high rate of speed, they almost collided with a station wagon and both vehicles had to leave tin highway to avoid a ser ious co llisio n ,” alleges the suit. 
E a c h m an is uskin 
$1o,ooo in dam ages and 
$25,ooo in punititive da­ mages. 

Save $ 1o.o7 to $ 1o.o7! 

Smart, versatile 

 occasional tables 

Reg. $49.95 to $59.95 

YOUR 
$ 
CHOICE 

The beautiful simplicity of the parson’s design in light hickbry color finish makes these tables look right at home in almost any surroundings. 

Cocktail table, 4 8 x2 o x1 5 ” 
End table, 28x2ox19” 
Square cocktail, 3 6 x3 6 x1 5 ” 
Sofa table, 5 4 x16x26” 

J m 
* 

M i 

 yy .JF, 
- 

Our Own Convenient Credit plus Master 
Charge" and BankAmericard" 

Broadw ay 
9 8 o 3 Broadw ay 

Downtown 
2 3 i E. Commerce 
8 2 4 9 4 o 2 
• 
2 2 7 -6 3 6 1 
Open 1o-9 Men, Thun., Tri. 
Op™ 1o-6 Mon. thru Sot 
Open 1o-6 Tues., Wed, Sot except Thun. Kite till 9 oo 

Big M City 
N orth Star 
S N ew Braunfels & 
San Pedro & Loop 4 1 o 
E. Southcross 5 3 4 -6 1 81 
# 
3 4 2 -2 3 3 1 
Open 1o-9 Mon., Thun., Tri. 
Open IO 9 Mon., Thun , Tri. 
Open IO 6 Tues., Wed, Sot. 
Open 1o-6 Tues., Wed, Sot. R a ro tk in s 

Handy @ Andy 

ROEGELEIN BONELESS 
FULLY COOKED 
PORK SHOULDER 

Handy 
/\nc/i/ 

CALIF. N^#. I 
LGF. 2 DOZ. SIZE 
ICEBERG 
LETTUCE 

__ 
L 
Handy @ Andy 

12-OZ. CANS 
COORS 

6 PACK 

HANDY ANDY REG. OR DIP TWIN PACK 
POTATO CHIPS . . . .49* 

Handy Andy 

“ PRE-EASTER” 

Ad effective Sot., April 2,1977 
San Antonio Stores Only 
We reserve the right to limit quantities 

SHADY FARM-FRESH WHITE 

IN THE NEW THREE DOZEN PACKAGE 

GRADE A 
SMALL 

3 DOZ. PACK 

( 
BUY 3 DOZEN AND \ 
YOU SAVE 18* J 

GRADE A 
MEDIUM 

3 DOZ. PACK 

( 
BUY 3 DOZEN 
\ 
YOU SAVE RO* J 

GRADE A 
LARGE 
3 DOZ. PACK 

( 
BUY 3 DOZ. 
\ 
YOU SAVE 12 * J 

HANDY ANDY HAS A SUPER EASTER NEST FILLED WITH 
EASTER GOODIES. YOU’LL FIND EVERYTHING THE EASTER 
BUNNY NEEDS TO CREATE THE MOST EXCITING HAPPENING 
FOR EASTER MORNING. COME SEE OUR DISPLAYS AND DO 
YOUR OWN THING. 

PAAS EASTER EGG 
PURE FOOD 
COLOR KITS 

HANDY ANDY EGGS 
“ A” EXTRA LGE..............................DOZ. 75 * 
“A” LARGE.... DOZ. 6o * 
“A” SMALL.... DOZ. 49 * 
“AA” LARGE .. DOZ. 75 * 
"A” MEDIUM.. DOZ. 63 * 

Handy @ Andy 
Handy ^ Andy i. j 

6 PACK 32-OZ. 
RETURNABLE 
COCA-COLA 
PLUS DEPOSIT 

BORDEN’S 
ASSORTED FLAVORS 
ICE CREAM 

V t GALLON CTN. 

Handy ® Andy 

DELICIOUS 
GERMAN CHOCOLATE 
LAYER CAKE 
7 INCH 2 LAYER 

EASTER ICED BUTTER COOKIES 
* I 39 

MOiVTGO/W ERY 

San Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— Saturday April 2 1977 e, pines jt JL 
Little camper 

Tranquil setting 

By 
G eorge earm ark 
(Hun** Iv 
B onnie C srnM eb 

The beauty of faraway places cannot surpass the beauty of home. This is not a remote river deep in the 

Canadian Northwoods. This is a pine-bordered lake in Texas — - an arm of Sam Rayburn lake in the 

Angelina National Forest 

SATURDAY SIZZLERS 

It’s “TAX TIME” and 
Wards is here to help with memory calculators 

Special buy 

[a] 8-digit calculator 
Need a little help with tax figures? 
Wards 8-digit calculator with 4-key memory has square root and percent keys. Floating decimal, automatic constant. Battery extra. Why not pick up one today! 
W ARDS 
PRICE 

GO 1o-digit calculator 
Here’s the calculator you’ve been waiting for. Print outs are clean and crisp. Features a buffered keyboard with two-key rollover, to keep up with the fastest operator. Keys are carefully contoured and weighted for convenient, error-free operation. 
W ARDS 
PRICE 

Compare. 

6-DIGIT POCKET 
CALCULATOR 
LED display. £ 4 9 
Floating deci- mal; 4 functions. Ward* 
9V batt, extra, price 
4.97 Novu* cal. 
. 4.44 

Slide-rule calculator 

8-digit, 2-digit expo­ nent. Scientific no­ tation, sq. root, more. 

Wards 8-digit memory calculator 

Handy calculator 
—v Q Q has the 
4 basic mat lima tic tune- tions. Percent key. Reg. 39.95 

Financial calculator— accumulating memory. 
Figures future, j \ 88 present values,sd&TT loan payments, Reg. 32.99 depreciations. 
Model 
8662 
Model 
8663 
“Model 
4J85o 
Battery extra. 
TO ENJOY WHAT YOU NEED NOW— FOR YOURSELF, YOUR HOME. YOUR CAR. COME APPLY FOR A WARDS CHARG-ALL ACCOUNT 

I * 
% 
V ^ 
• 
Value. It’s what w e’re all about. 
■4 
Tv 
..'V-, ■' 
■ ■ ■’* 
VjFV 
;* 
, 
J 

AAC) NT G O AA E RY 
HA’AVN l l 

: WONDERLAND MALL 
Fredericksburg Road at Loop 41o 
Open IO a.m. until 9 p.m. daily 
WINDSOR PARK MALL 
IH 35 North at W alzem Road 
Open IO a.m. until 9 p.m. daily 
MCCRELESS MALL 
South New Braunfels at Southcross 
Open IO a.m. until 9 p.m. daily 

EXPRESS NEWS 
EXPRESS NEWS 
Scene 

 to wild side of eating out 

MR. AND MRS. IKE WEST 

Couple teed 5o years 

Mr. and Mrs. Ike West will celebrate their gol­ den wedding anniversary with a reception from 2 to 
5 p m. Saturday at Town 
E a st B a p tist Church. 

The couple's children will be hosts: Mr. and 
Mrs. Dale West and Mr. and Mrs. Norman West of Houston; and the Rev. and Mrs. Joe West. 
^.GEORGE tSP&V' 
52 o i 
Springtime at the 
House o f George 

A Hyson w ears Trevi Court 's 3 piece ensem ­ ble in beige linen bold p in k flowers ore 
Q uilted a n d stitch ed on the d irn d ell skirt a n d 
Bolero. Pink satin ribbon ed g in g a n d sash are the fin a l touches. 

J he strate h at 
— b v A sb u ry 
— is a f fine mesh with a halo of silk a n d linen flowers 
— fabulous! 

Teddy Roosevelt and his 
Rough Riders never had it so good. 
“ It was in San Antonio that the ro­ mance of my life began." he is to have said in 1898. 
And in 1977, he would fall in love with a restaurant dedicated to his legend—Bull Moose Kitchen and Ta­ vern at 65o1 Blanco Rd. 
The idea was conceived by Bob Ra­ gan who has been a T.R. buff since he was knee-high to his first Teddy Bear. 
He's spent the last four years bring­ ing together the 
2,4oo-pound bull moose that decorates a log wall, the grizzly bear (he revolves!) in the center of the circular bar, and a whole kingdom of wild (but unendangered) animal trophies. 
The building which houses this veri­ table museum of Boone and Crockett 
(written by-laws for respectful, regu­ lated, conservation-minded hunting) wildlife is designed like a turn-of-the- century hunting lodge. 

Where to go 
What to eat 

Bv Mite Ulbrich 

Camouflage 

Idolise of G eorge 

W in d s o r Park M a ll 
So. Entrance Upper level 
654-1121 
(1o-9) 

Master Charge & BankAmericard 

Besides animal mounts, the restaur­ ant gets its atmosphere from a huge fireplace with life-size portrait of T.R., service personnel in camouflage or bush suits and wildlife recordings played between tapes of background music. 
But you're going there for the food, aren’t you? 
I started my safari there with a few misgivings, wanting to order the 
“ w ild est" thing on the menu but thinking I wouldn’t like it. 
My husband volunteered to have the 
African Lion ($1o.5o), however, and I selected the Elk Brochette ($8.95)—the 
“ recommendation of the house." 
Both were outstanding—and full of surprises. 
The lion, which I expected to be a red m eat, tu rn ed out to be white—somewhat like veal in color and texture, a little like the dark meat of turkey in flavor. 

The elk, which I expected to be gam ey like venison, was actually 
“sweet” and beefy. And it is so tender that it does not even have to be m arin­ ated before broiling. 

“ The only thing I do.” says Chef 
David Reasoner, “ is brush it with 
Worcestershire sauce and butter as it cooks.” 

Reasoner is a graduate of the Culin­ ary Institue of America in New York and personally supervises each dish as it is cooked to order (allow 2o minutes for preparation, he advises). 

Each entree is served with green salad (leaf lettuce), assorted biscuits 
(butterm ilk and whole wheat) and muffins (pumpkin and blueberry) and a choice of vegetable or potato. 

All but a couple of the vegetables are fresh produce which has been steamed, cooled and then microwaved as orders 

 are filled. (That's about the only thing the microwave oven is used for.) 
We selected asparagus broiled with cheese, which tasted great but looked a little shriveled from the broiling, and the potato pancakes. 

The African Lion is sauteed with mushrooms, peppers and tomatoes and served with a wine sauce. 
But there’s more to the process than that menu description. 

Chef Reasoner says the first thing he does is boil the leg of lion (much as you would a chicken) and then cut the meat into julienne strips. The meat is cooked in combination with other ingredients, as it has very little marbling and would be dry if served alone. 

For our next visit. Reasoner suggests the Long Island Duck ($8.75), which is cooked in 
Amoretto 
(an almond/ apricot liqueur) and served almondine,, and the Tenderloin of Pork ($6.5o), which is medallions of filet, coated in 
Dijon mustard then sauteed with bur­ gundy. Applesauce and potato pan ­ cakes are served on the side. 
Frog legs 

Other eye-catchers on the menu are frog legs (Reasoner’s recipe—sauteed and in wine sauce, not fried), a vege­ tarian platter and two combination plates. 
And Reasoner says his steaks (yes, they have the usual beet cuts) are get­ ting rave reviews. 
The “ Americana” aspect of the 
Theodore Roosevelt theme wouldn’t be complete without Deep-Dish Hot Apple 
Pie ($1.5o) for dessert. (Ifs the first restaurant apple pie I've tasted lately that really tastes homemade.) 
Perhaps the real novelty item is the* 
Thanksgiving Dinner served every 
Sunday of the year from ll a.m. to 4 p.m.. Call ahead for reservations. 
Regular hours are 5:3o to 11:3o p.m. in the restaurant and 3 p.m. to 2 a.m. in the bar. 
Lunch —with a unique m e n u —will be served w ithin the month. There is a dance floor, and eventually it will be used for live en­ tertainment. 
Parents are encouraged to bring their children— for a “ half pint” din­ ner and for the learning experience. 
As Ragan points out, education was one of Roosevelt’s purposes in record­ ing the size and shape of the animals in the Boone and Crockett Book. 

“ So my children's children's chil­ dren will know the history and glory of the wildlife before them.” 

FRANCINE ROMPS IN GARDENS OF SOUTHWEST CRAFT CENTER 
...in Saint Laurent dress to be .modeled in Sunday show 

PH O TO BY JOSE BARRERA 
Ball to open festival 

 oman!) Skip 

NMM I m VMA C l f A I f i r Li AM 
Half and large Size fashions 

Pre-Easter 
Spring Fashion 
CLEARANCE 

 ave 1/3 & more! 

SIZES 12'/2 to 2 1 ‘/j. 38 to 32. 18 & 2o 

 love is 

...the warmth you feel as ye »u step through the door. 

TM (tog U S Pal Off — Jilt right* 

/> 1877 Los A ngela* I ‘m s* 

The gala Festival 
Weekend at South­ west. Craft Center begins Saturday. 

At 7:3o p.m . the g lit­ tering chandeliers in the newly restored Ursuline 
Academy Chapel on the center grounds will be turned on for the first time. This will mark the start of the Grand Ball and gourmet dinner. 

Tickets for the ball are 
$5o per person, proceeds to ben efit the C raft 
Center, housed in the old. 
Ursuline property. 
The m enu for toe, gourmet dinner was se­ lected by television chef 
Julia Child at the request of her friend (and Craft 
C enter co m m ittee member) Margaret Cou­ sins. 
G uests will dine on 
G aieties au F ro m a g e , 
Mayonnaise de Crabbe, 
Chateaubriand with Ber- naise Sauce and C ham ­ pignons, G ratin Dau- phinois, P e tit Pois au 
Buerre M aitre d ’Hotel, and 
B av aro is aux 
Praises. Three wines w ill be served. 

. Music for dancing will be by Mike Capetta. Mrs. 
Daniel Foley is in charge of the attendance prize committee. 

Picnic 
Miss Helen Hogan is general chairman of the 
Festival Weekend which continues Sunday with a 

 picnic and F re n ch fa ­ shion show' in the Center g ard en s at 12:3o p.m . 
Tickets are $15. 
Frost’s models will present the spring-sum- m er Rive Gauche collec­ tion of Yves Saint Laur­ ent as well as fashions from Givenchy and Dior. 
Luncheon will be served in wicker picnic baskets. 
At each of the benefit events, special thanks w ill be given to Mrs. Jack 
Frost,* who gave the money for the purchase of the chapel, and Mrs. 
Sam M addux J r . who provided funds for the 

 restoration. 
Monday and Tuesday at 
8:15 p.m., the Collegium 
Musicum of Trinity Uni­ versity will present the 
M oliere-Lully comedy ballet Le Bourgeois Gen- tilhomme in the chapel. 
The public is invited without charge, but re ­ servations must be made by callin g the Craft 

Center. 
Says 
M rs. 
T hom as 
Berg, Center president, 
“ San Antonio is getting one of the most magnifi- cant room s in the country. The chapel can be used for sem in a rs, m eetin gs, pa rtie s and weddings. It is a wonder­ ful addition to the culture of our city.” 

New Shipment! 
Country french Furniture 

733-9297 
Antiques, Inc. 

'2o15 A. Main 

Clubs and spades 

For late-day femininity, capture the mood of romanticism. 
Both styles in sizes 5-13. 

White cotton eyelet with panel front nautical collar, inset waist and flounce hem. 

Black and multi-color­ ed border print in poly/cotton voile with smocked bodice and flutter sleeves. 
*4o 

On a safari 

SUNDAY 
9 a.rn. 
GREEN 
FINGER 
GARDEN 
CLUB, will depart at 9 a.m. to follow the Blue 
Bonnet trail to M arble 
Falls. A sandwich and salad luncheon will be held in the lake home of 
Mrs. Marje Bregg. 
MONDAY 
9:3o a.m. WINDCREST 
GARDEN CLUB, in the 
Windcrest City Park and 
Recreation Center. John 
Howell will p re se n t a slid e -le c tu re on T exas wild flowers. 
WEDNESDAY 
9:3o a.m. SAN ANTON­ 
IO GARDEN CENTER, at the ce n te r. G eorge 
Carmack, associate edi­ tor of the San Antonio 
Express-News, will speak on “ Happiness is 
Texas, Fact versus Fic­ tion.’’ Plant sale is at 9 a.rn. Hostess clubs are 
B raun 
Station 
E a st, 
Huisache and Riverside. 

THURSDAY 
9:45 a.m. COSMOPO­ 
LITAN GARDEN CLUB, w ill tour Black Sun Herb 
Farm in Helotes leaving at 9:45 a .m . H ostesses will be Betty Nuttall and 
Helen Chollar. 

1o a m. GOOD EARTH 
GARDEN CLUB, in the home of M rs. W alter 
P a rk with Mines. W. 

M cCrory and 
M rs. 
F ra n c es J. Je h l as co­ hostesses. Mrs. Merrill 
Patton will speak on 
“ The Search for Plants 
That Heal.” 
I p.m. HARLANDALE 
GARDEN CLUB, in the 
Chatham.Senior Citizens 
Building.* Mrs, 
George 
Schrim psher will speak on "Grooming Plants for 
Show ." 
M m es, 
John 
Boling and 
E.O. 
Mumme will .be hos­ tesses. 

 calendar 

TUESDAY 
3 p.m. WASHINGTON 
IRVING 
JUNIOR 
SCHOOL FTA, in the a u d ito riu m . 
N ational 
Junior Honor Society ini­ tiation wiil be held. 
7 p.iii. EL DORADO 
ELEMENTARY 
SCHO 
OL PTA, in the cafe­ teria. New officers will be elected. 
7 p.in. 
JACKSON 
KELLER 
ELEMEN 
TARY SCHOOL PTA, in the school. New officers will be elected and a ta lent show presented. Ta­ lent Show will be repeat­ ed at 2 p.m. Wednesday for students. 

ALL SALES FINAL. PLEASE! 
NO MAIN A VE./M ILITA RY DR. PLAZA/NORTH STAR MALL/WONDERLAND 
Also in ( am us Christi and Houston 

Use your Lenny's 
Charge, Shoppers 
Charge, Master 
Charge or 
BankAmericard. 

Star Mall • North Towne Plaza 

Hillcrest • Dellcrest • McCreless 

San Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— Saturday April 2 1977 

Jimmy cracks ’em up at Gridiron Club 

Rosa lyon C arter gave her husband a sharp sidelong glance at one point during the recent 
Gridiron Club dinner. 
She had a polite smile on her lips hut a clear message in her eyes. 
It was when a club member por­ traying Hamilton Jordan, the (’arter assistant with the clout to propose or 
(tppose appointees, sang: “ The girl who gets the prize must be smarter than me and have baby-blue eyes . . . this fair flower — she'won’t get much power from me.” 
It was apparent that Rosalynn has been telling her husband the same tiling. 
Vice President Mondale’s speech really pointed up the deliberate acts of symbolism this President has gone in for. hut he got away with it. which shows how well he and Carter get along. 
“ In the inaugural parade.” he said, 
“ I rode from the Capitol to the White 
House in a chauffeur-driven limousine; the President had to walk. When I take a trip an aide carries my luggage; the 
President has to carry his own. 
“ When I went to England I stayed with the Queen in Buckingham Palace; the President stayed with a beer dis­ tributor in Clinton. Mass.” 
He had them in the aisles, too. when he said, “ There used to he a daily foreign policy briefing. Now there is a daily foreign policy.” 
Double bed 
Cracked the President, topping his 
V FC, “ I want to thank the Acting Vice 
President for his generous remarks.” 
Departing from former Presidents’ usual written scripts by gag men. 
Carter had only some cryptic scribbled notes on a third of a page of yellow paper. 
Yet British Ambassador Sir Peter 
Ramsbotham was chuckling later over how funny he was. Said Sir Peter, the 
President has the timing of a professional comedian. 

Although the Jimmy Carters didn't hesitate to tell Barbara Walters in her network interview that they slept in a double bed, Joan Mondale will absolu­ tely not reveal the size or number of beds that replace the famous $35,ooo 
Ernst bed Nelson Rockefeller had in the Vice President’s residence. 
Only the first floor was seen at Joan 
Mondale’s unveiling of the first occu­ pation of the first officiel V.P. digs. 
But it looks better even than when the 
Rockefellers showed it off with some of their own and borrowed works of art. 
And art expert Nelson has never given such a flowing, scholarly ex­ planation about a painting as did the articulate, smiling Mrs. Mondale while showing off the products of Edward 
Hopper, Georgia O’Keefe, Willem De- 
Kooning, Robert Rauschenberg, Josef 
Albers, Steven Sorman. etc. 
Said the art-loving Second Lady, “ I have a million ideas and several pro­ jects in mind, 
A confident, poised, more socially - sure-than-ever-before Joan Mondale presided over the unveiling of the 
SHUI),not) house. It suits lier to a T. 
She understands and adores modern art but there’s something old-fashioned about her. The house is Victorian hut it is decorated in off-whites and beiges — an ideal background for bold modern paintings and sculpture. 
Jerry Ford 

She loves living there (the children’s table manners have improved, she said, just from eating at the massive 
Empire dining room table that once belonged to John D. Rockefeller Sr.) 

 hut she still doesn’t have any money for entertaining. Additional operating funds have been requested from Con­ gress. 

They called it “ The We-Miss-You- 
Club” when the Jerry Fords’ intimate group of 3o friends dined at the 1925 F 
St. Club during the Fords* visit here. 
Both looked wonderful, the former 
First Lady in a bright blue, sequined, long shirtwaist dress. Betty Ford said that despite all the pictures and stories about their Palm Springs house, they haven’t even broken ground yet. 
She’s starting out from scratch to decorate it and can hardly wait to buy all new furniture. 
As for that rumor that Betty Ford was offered more money than her hus­ band for her memoirs, she said it wasn’t true. “ We were offered the same amount. Mine’s going to be very light. 

Stop nagging waiting mom 

Dear Ann Landers: I am expecting a baby any minute. In fact I ’ve been pregnant for what seems like ll months. My cou­ sin’s due date was the, same as mine and she delivered last week. 
I ’m writing about my dumb friends and rela­ tives w ho keep calling up and asking, “ Are you still home?” Don’t they realize if I answer the phone I H AVE to be home? 
Why don’t they know I am a lot more anxious to get this over with than they are? 
I don’t mind that my cousin delivered before I did. but I do wish you would publish my letter. 
It will make every preg­ nant woman who reads it feel better and maybe it wo1 educate some of t bos e d u rn b be ll s vv Ii o have been pestering me 
Birl two weeks. Thanks, 
Alin. 16o Pounds and 
Holding 
Dear Holding: Here’s your letter, dear. I hope you read it in the hos­ pital. 
Dear Ann Landers: My husband was horn with an eye problem that pre­ vented him from driving a car. Last year, when he was 3o, he heard of an operation that might cor­ rect the condition. 
We traveled many miles for the surgery but it certainly was worth it. 
The operation was a big success. 
The problem I’m writ- 

Ann 

Landers 

 mg about is his night driving. He goes much too fast and we have had many close calls because of his inability to judge distances. 
He_has run up over curbs"into billboards and buildings and has nar­ rowly missed other cars as well as pedestrians. 
I ’ve decided on three alternatives: 
(1) Refuse to ride with him at night. 
(2) Insist that I do the driving after sundown. 
(3) Report him to the police and let them catch him. (This last one is very much out of char­ acter, for me and I ’d feel rotten doing it, but it might save some lives.) 
Please help me decide. 
Love Him And Worried ried 
Dear Love: There’s a fourth alternative. Phone your husband’s eye doc­ tor. inform him of the problem and ask HIM to call your husband and order him not to drive at night. 
Dear Ann Landers: 
I need some information 

DAR plans observance 

San Antonio de Bexar 
Chapter, Daughters of the American Revolution will meet at 1:3o p.m. 
Thursday iii Alamo Hall fop a program on Junior 

CONFUSED 
““CARE 
2 2 6 -4 4 4 3 

American 
Citizens’ 
Week ending Thursday. 
The Abraham Lincoln 
Club from De Zavala 
School will sing patriotic songs directed by Miss 
Mary F. Vela. Reports on the State Conference held in the St. Anthony Hotel will he given. 
Hostesses will be 
Mines. A. C. Engle, 
Anthony Nicholas, R. A. 
Hartness and VV. 
E. 
Younger. 

 and I believe you can give it to me. People have told me that a woman can sell her fingernails. 
Mine grow so fast. I have to cut them off every two weeks. I ’ve saved some nails that are one inch long. 
If you know who buys 
I strong, healthy fingernail clippings, please inform the public. Other women who read your column may want to sell theirs. 
I ’ll be looking for your answer in the paper. 
Claws 
Dear Claws: 
Many beauty salons use parts of human and artificial fin­ gernails, but so far as I know the human nail clippings are donated by patrons. 
Why not phone a few beauty salons and ask if they are interested? 
C O N FID EN T IA L To 
What’s the Solution, 
Maven? Thanks for the compliment but I ’m not that smart. True, thou­ sands of passengers with confirmed reservations were bumped off planes last year — hut how many seats were empty be­ cause people who didn’t make the trip failed to cancel their reservations? One does not justify the other, but it might explain a few things. 
Do you feel awkward, self-conscious 
— lonely? Welcome to the club. There’s help for you in Ann Landers’s booklet, 
“ The Key to Popularity.” 
Send 5o cents in coin with your request and long, stamped, self-ad; dressed envelope to Ann 
Landers, care of The Ex­ press, Box 2171, San An tonio, Tex., 78297. 

School events 

FRI-SAT & SUN, APRIL, 1-2-3, 1977 

MORE THAN 8o DEALERS FROM 
ALL PARTS OF THE UNITED STATES 

This Antique Show is produced and directed by 
Irving Wayne who also produces the Zonta (Pub 
Antique Show. 
Doors Open 12 Noon • Admission $1.5o 

Antonian 
A Spring Festival, fea­ turing an entertainment program and a variety of foods, beverages and games, will he held from noon until 8 p.m. Sunday at Antonian High School. 
“ A Day in Old Anton­ ian” will feature enter­ tainment from 4 to 6 p.m. in the auditorium. 
Chairmen are Robert 
Engberg, Mr. and Mrs. 
Ed. Huth and Mr. Jay 
Dewitt. 
James Madison 
Jam as Madison E le ­ mentary School PTA will hold its annual spring carnival from 3 to 7 p.m. 
Thursday on the school grounds. 
Games, rides and an assortment of foods will be served. 
Chairman is Mrs. liar vey Ward. 

Funny things 

“ It's going to be on — whoops!” She caught herself lest she give something away. 
But hers w ill he a behind-the-scenes story. “ All the funny things that happened. I didn’t keep notes but every time I think of so­ mething I talk into a tape recorder.” 
It will be the story of her life hut she won’t start from birth. “ That would be too boring. I think I will start in the middle. 
“ I want to start with a bang and then have flashbacks. I have started making notes hut I haven’t started yet with the writer, Chris Chase. 
“ Rosalind Russell used her and I liked her book.” Said Mrs. Ford, “ My hook will come out first.” Said Jerry 
Ford. “ That means I get the last word.” 
— Rattlesnake chili, with the snake curled up in the kettle, was one of Rep. 
Jake Pickle’s contributions to the First 
Annual Chili Cookoff at the Congres­ sional Club. 
Some of the ambassadorial judges balked at tasting it, but all of it was 

REP. JAMES WRIGHT AND REP. LINDY BOGGS 
...sample chili with Rep. Jake Pickle 

 consumed before the 25o guests fin­ ished supper. 
The rattlesnake variety was off in a corner where it couldn’t affect delicate appetites, but another Pickle chili on the dining room table won first prize. 
Twelve congressional chefs from 
Rep. Lindy Boggs to House leader Jim 
Wright, won second prize, had their concoctions judged by the ambassa­ dors of Iran, Germany, Pakistan, Great 
Britain and the Netherlands.. 
— Lome Greene is the nicest kind of house guest to have, reports Jayne 

I 

Ikard. When the Greenes recently visited the Ikards who were tossing a bash at their house, Jayne suddenly noticed that the floor needed sweeping. 
‘‘PII do it,” said Lome promptly grab­ bing a broom and going to work. 
— Two titled types who are trying to do something about the scary leftist political trend in Europe blew into town the same day. 
Both were at Charles Mayer’s party along with former CIA boss Dick 
Helms and his Cynthia, and the beau­ teous Rep. Shirley Pettis (R.-Cal). 

American-horn Aileen Marquesa de 
Romanones, went back to Spain after seeing American women work in our campaign and began organizing Spa­ nish women to influence the coming parliamentary elections in Spain. 

She started by inviting 15 women to her house, today there are 15,ooo in her organization. 
Lord de Elsie, cousin of Queen E li­ zabeth, founded the National Associa­ tion for Freedom 18 months ago to take up the cause of the little businessman who is oppressed by taxes in England where Communist-tinged unions are calling the shots. Now he has 3o,ooo members. 
Farewell 

— South African Ambassador Roelof 
Botha, who has returned home to be­ come foreign minister, gave a farewell party that drew hundreds including the president of the NAACP, Dr. Montague 
Cobb, Washington’s leading black lawyer. Hobart Taylor, and Henry 
Kissinger. 
At Botha’s invitation, the NAACP is sending a task force to South Africa where they will visit American fac­ tories to see whether or not their em­ ploye policies lend support to the apartheid. You’d never guess from the warm atmosphere at the embassy that race was a problem over there. 

— The Virginia hunt country has been all atwitter lately. Down there where the star of “ National Velvet’* now resides, Paramount has been screen-testing for the other great horse classic for women, “ The Black Stal­ lion.” 

They’re looking for a lad from ll to early teens who can ride like mad. 
Up from Richmond with CwTo of her sons to try for the part went Mary 
Ballou Ballantine, widow of Sargeant 
Reynolds, and Joey and Teddy Stettin- ius, sons of her first husband and grandsons of FD R’s last Secretary of 
State. 

Do your walls work for you 

. . . or do they just stand there holding up the ceiling? 

When space is tight, make your walls stack up to your expecta­ 

 tions and perform the functions you want of them. Functions they will 

 perform beautifully when stacked with these versatile Bennington Pine 

 wall units. 

These beautifully crafted solid pine pieces recapture the craftsman­ 

 ship and robust beauty of Early American cabinetry. Use them individu­ 

 ally, in pairs, or grouped— like custom built-ins. Picture your walls be­ 

 coming perhaps a stereo center with speakers perfectly placed; tuner, 

 amplifier, and turntable beautifully protected . . . a desk where paper 

 work is accomplished efficiently . . . a handsomely shelved area where 

 books, decorative items, T.V. and radio are arranged . . . a serving bar 

. . . even a storage chest. All these and more are created easily with 

Bennington's matching pieces that are available immediately. 

Let us help you make your idle walls work for you. We'll design a 

 system to fit your needs and your budget perfectly. 

BOOKSTACKS 

Now 299 • EACH 

Save $51. SOLID PINE 
THRU 'N' THRU, WITH 
THICK END PANELS AND 
SHELVES,(3 ARE ADJUSTABLE). 
EACH UNIT IS 34 ” x 151/ 2, ' x 8o ' . 

COLLECTOR’S CABINETS 

Now 299 • EACH. 

SAVE $51. SLIDE-OUT TABLET, 
REMOVABLE MIDDLE SHELVES, 
STORAGE COMPARTMENT. 
EACH UNIT IS 31''x15VY'x8o'\ 

LEADED GLASS-DOOR 
BOOKSTACK 

Now 439 
EACH 

SAVE $5o. PLATE-GROOVED 
GLASS SHELVES. MAY BE 
USED AS A CHINA. DISPLAY 
INTERIOR LIGHT. 34''x15'/2''x8o’'. 

D e l iv e r y a n d s e t - u p in c l u d e d ? 

P a y a l it t l e, G a in a l o t? 

USE YOUR CREDIT TODAY! 

Leonard’s Colonial Shoppe 

SHOWCASE OF AMERICAN TRADITION 

TO11 COACHUGHT— ONE MILE NORTH OF LOOP 4 1 o -3 4 1 -2 2 2 5 
OPEN DAILY 'TIL 5:3o— THURSDAY TIL 9:oo 
ALSO V IS IT T U E W O R LD FA M O U S 
S T A R V IN G A R T IS T SH O W IN 
LA V IL L IT A - S U N D A Y A P R IL 3RD 

San Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— Saturday April 2 1977 
PINEY WONDERLAND 

( ontinued from Page IB given her name. 
At Zavalla, we left U S. 
69 anti cut northeast on 
T exas 147. Soon Sum 
Rayburn Reservoir was in front of us. 
The highway crosses the lake — almost at the lake’s mid-point — on a bridge three miles long. 
From the bridge you can see both up and down the lake for miles. 
In size and in feel of strength, the lake is an a p p ro p ria te m em orial for “ Mr. Sam.” 
Soon after crossing the bridge, we turned into 
Jackson Hill Park, one of the major campsites ar­ ound the lake. 
Campsites 
The U.S. Corps of En­ gineers, which developed and has charge of Sam 
Rayburn Reservoir, has a c a m p site here. It is a sim ple but beautiful c a m p site with tables, outdoor grills and tent or cam per sites along the lake and back in the pines. 
The Corps of Engineers then has a consessionaire operating a major camp­ ing installation about a quarter of a mile away on the lake. 
Here there are cabins 
— p e rm a n e n t mobile homes that sleep six — campsites with hook-ups 
— and tent pitching a r­ eas. H ere are also a sm all sto re and boat ramps. 
“ The Corps of E ngin­ eers has 1o9 cam psites around Sam R ayburn 
R e s e rv o ir.” R obert S. 
Eaves, su perviso r- ranger, told us. 
“ Eleven are fully de­ veloped, four partly so and four in their natural state. We have conces­ sionaires at five of these areas.. 
Launches 
“ We have 68 ‘lanes’ in which b o ats, can be launched.” 
The weekend we were there, we had no sense of being crowded. The lake is so large and there are so many bays and inlets that hundreds of fisher­ men can be on the lake and except at m arinas, only two or three boats are seen. 
We were told that, as at all outdoor recreation ar­ eas, there was crowding on the big three-day holi­ days. 
F ish in g is the m ost important recreation at 

Girls put femininity into forestry work 

Who said forestry is a man’s job? 

The Angelina National Forest has a Youth Conservation Corps group working in the forest each summer. 

The unit has 3o members girls. ail 

Only those under 18 are eligible. 

“They build trails and do similar work,” Richard Lindell of the For­ est Service reports. “And they have done a fine job. Last year’s group built their own camp in which they lived.” 

Under this federal program those hired work seven houra eacU day and are given one hour of environ­ mental education. 

Sam Rayburn lake. Sur­ veys show about 5o per cent of the people who come to the lake do some fishing. 
Black bass, white and black c ra p p ie , b ream , channel catfish and yel­ low catfish are the com­ mon varieties caught. 
Then the Texas Parks and Wildlife Department has stocked 
1oo,ooo striped bass. More than 
7oo,ooo w alleyed pike have also been put into the lake. 

Recreation 

The Angelina National 
Forest also has a major recreation program. 
“The forest service has eight campgrounds,” Ri­ chard Lindell, the public information officer, told us. 
“ Five are on the lake and three are inland. But there is a creek or other w ater at the inland cam p s. At one of the woodland camps, Boykin 
Springs, the parks and w ildlife d e p a rtm e n t is stocking rainbow trout. 
“ It’s sort of ‘put and ta k e ’ o p eratio n . The rainbows are put in the stream and then caught bv the fishermen. They will not live the y e ar round and multiply in the stream ,” 
At the forest service improved campgrounds, there is a concrete pad for tent or camper with a picnic table aud a b a r­ becue grill. Then there’s a special touch — a post on which to hang a lan­ tern. 
The national forest has 
4,465 individual c a m p ­ sites, picnic facilities or other installations. 
“ But the thrust of our p ro g ra m now is d is­ persed recreation,” Lin­ dell continued. “ We en­ cou rag e people to put packs on their back and hike into the forest to camp.” 

 cooking at m any cam p ­ sites and pots w ere boiling over wood fires in the grills. 
Baby 
Bonnie and I were at­ tracted by the prettiest little baby in sweater and hood — sittin g in her high ch a ir nibbling on c ra c k e rs while her m oth er and an o th e r young woman took time out from cooking a big pot of stew to hav e a cup of coffee. 
You never saw a more poised baby than 
11-month-old 
J a m ie 
D ecker. And why not? 
J a m ie is a v e te ra n c a m p e r. H er p a re n ts. 

Hunting 

Dennis and Cathy Becker of Houston, took her on her first c a m p in g trip w hen she w as four weeks old. 
The Corps of Engineers rep orts m ore than two and a half million v isi­ tors come to Sam Ray­ burn 
R eserv o ir each year. More than a third of them camp. 
Most of the c a m p e rs’ v ehicles had T exas li­ cen ses. But we saw a n u m b e r of “ fo re ig n ” ta g s — chiefly from northern states. 
T hese are “ W inter 
T e x a n s” 
— h eadin g home after spending the winter in the Valley. 

“ A lot of Valley winter visitors stop here for a few days on th eir way down in the fall and then come back for a few days in the spring on their way back home,” Eaves told us. 
At Jackson Hill Park, there was a sight Ronnie and I will never forget. 
We got out of our c a m p e r on a ridge up from the camp. Through an opening in the trees we looked out across the lake. 
The far sh ore was maybe a mile away and the d a rk green of the pines came down to the water. 
Vista 
We w ere sligh tly higher then the far shore and behind these dark pines, the tree to p s formed a lighter green band of the b udding handwoods. 
On and on it went — an uneven, often curving, dark green band and then a lighter one, at tim es almost yellow in the sun. 
Low ridg e a fte r low ridge — unbroken forests until the woods were lost in the blue of the fur horizon. 
This is East Texas in the spring! 

Hunting is a part of the forest p ro g ra m — for deer, squirrel, quail and dove s ta te p a rk s and wildlife sets seasons and regulations. 
B onnie and I awoke 
Sunday m o rning to wonderful m usic — the caw ing of four or five fussy crows over across a narrow inlet of the lake. 
We had put fallen pine lim bs and cones and chunks of dead hardwood into the concrete grill the night before. To knock off the early m orn ing chill, I put a match to the wood as soon as we got up. 
Is there anything that matches warming by an outdoor fire? 
We cooked breakfast — that is Bonnie did — fea­ turing eggs scram bled with green chili. Then we broke camp for a trip to several places around the lake. We visited th ree campgrounds. 

Tour 

Our first stop was at the big concession area there at Jac k so n Hill 
P ark . Scattered under the pines and down a r ­ ound the little inlets of the lake w ere m otor hom es, tra ile rs and campers. 

T here were ten ts of every size and color — often two or th ree fa ­ m ilies of friends with their tents in a cluster. 

Dow n by the w ater, in a lonely spot up the lake from the camping area, there was a pretty little red pup tent. It reminded 
Bonnie and me of the first tent we ever owned 
— the sam e size and shape. 

O urs was a perky, bright yellow little tent that Bonnie prom ptly named “ Buttercup.” 

Camping is family re­ creation 
— is there anything that binds a family closer together? 

When we arrived ut the 
Jackson Hill concessions area that morning, most of the fishermen had long been out on the lake. 

But b re a k fa st was 

FISHER'S has sofas that do more for you than just look good,. 

Not only are these elegant sofas attractive, but they are quality pieces that are among the most comfortable sofas you’ll ever sit down on. And to top it off, they are all economically priced to fit your budget! Choose from a wide selection of styles, fabrics and colors; only a few are illustrated here. Beauty, quality, comfort, variety and value are all waiting for you at Fisher’s! Now! 

Attractive tuxedo style sofa with subtle sloping arms. Upholstered in unique geometric stitchery; on rollers. 
$ 
£% £% 
Reg. $499 ... Save $1oo . . . 
W 
T T e 
Treasures of the Orient 
SENSATIONAL “ object d’ art” from Chinar personally selected by Herb & Lucille Fisher. un 

$5. 

7 ” round “ Four Seasons” plaque I s. Imitqtion jade behind glass in lovely frames, solid brass hangers. Usual U.S. Price . . . 
$ 1 2 .5 o . 
Fisher’s direct 
Import p ric e ............. 

I F X 14” hand made “ Four 
Seasons” plagues. Imitation jade in lovely frames behind glass, solid brass hangers. Usual U. S. price . . . 
$32 .5o. 
Fisher’s direct 
$ 1 o ^ 
I Import p ric e 
I AL 

Open Daily 1o-6 Thurs. 1o-9 
(Closed Sundays) 

Phone 824-o575 

Beautiful loose pillow back tuxedo style sofa with colorful nubby weave upholstery. %JE *■ I 
\ 
Reg. $519 ... Save $1oo . . . 
HP I T i 

Exquisite traditional sofa upholstered in colorful, plush velvet. Gently rolled arms, kick pleat skirt, arm bolsters. 
$ JR 4% f t 
Reg. $539...Save $11o 
" f Jm # # 

"distinctive home furnishings 

 o f san antonio 
145o N.E. Loop 41o 

15% 

ON 
E 
V 
E 
RY 
T 
H 
I 
NG 

Sat .Only 
April 2 

SAN ANTONIO 
JR. WHIRL A CASUAL 
MANOR 
N fW BRAUNFELS 
L 
SAN MARCOS 
UNIVERSAL CITY 

Lakers break 
Sp 

I-------- 
Saturday 
E x p r e s s - X c w s 
SPORTS 

Page 
I -C 
H 
April 2 1977 

 urs 

By JIM HUTTON 
OF THE EXPRESS-NEWS STAFF 

LOS ANGELES — Los Angeles held off a fourth-quarter San 
Antonio rally and beat the Spurs, 1o7-1o2. Friday night at The 
Forum. 
The Spurs scored ll consecutive points at the beginning of the fourth- quarter to wipe out a 13-point Laker lead, but two s tr a ig h t b a sk e ts by 
Cazzie Russell stopped the S.A. surge. 
Bye, 
Joe 

 a s s o c i a t e d p r e s s 

NEW YORK 
- Joe 
Namath’s career with the 
New York Jets officially ended Friday when the Na­ tional Football League team announced that it would not pick up his $45o,ooo contract for another season. 

The announcement that Namath was being placed on waivers was m ade by Al W ard, g e n e ra l m anager the club, who was in 
Phoenix for the NFL ow ners meetings. 
“ We have taken this action to permit Joe the complete freedom to negotiate a contract after the 
New York Jets' unsuccessful ef­ forts to make a special trade for 

4. 
■ 
Kft- 
HUTTON with 28 points. 

East beats 
West 

By CLIFFORD BROYLES 
O f THE e x p r e s s n e w s s t a f f 

 iWm 

The East fast break finally broke the VYest Friday night in the 3rd Annual Alamo Area 
Optimist Classic. 

Slithery guard Russell Saunders of 
Pensacola, Fla., dropped in a decisive three-point play off the break that lift­ ed the East to a 121-114 v ictory before an announced crowd of 3,1oo at Convention 
Center Arena. 
Saunders’ layup and free throw with 45 se­ conds left gave the 
E ast a 119-114 lead and just about insured the win which snapped the W e st’s two-game dominance in the young series. 
Saunders, the shor­ test man on the floor at 5-11 and on this night voted Most 
Valuable, also led a balanced, six- doubleligu re attack for the with 19 points. 
“ Saunders played super,” said East 
Coach Dan Wall of Independence, Kau. 
“ He ran the fast break like we wanted it run. 
“ I thought the fast break was the difference for us," he continued. “ We got som e cheap baskets off it that really helped us. 
Until Saunders’ three-point play, the 
E ast could not put the West away, although they never tra ile d afte r 
Rennie Kelley of Independence sank two free throws 64 seconds deep in the second period to put the East in iront, 
31-3o. 
The East led by as much as ll in the 

BROYLES 

For the Spurs, it was their second straight loss, and it cut their lead over 
Cleveland to one game in the battle for third place in the Central 
Division. The Spurs now are 43-35 while 
Cleveland is 41-35. 
Los 
A ngeles, m ean w h ile, won its sixth consecutive gam e. The L akers, who lead the Pacific 
Division, are 5o-27. 
R ussell was the g a m e ’s high sc o re r 
Rookie Earl Tatum , starting in place of the injured Lucius 
Allen, added 18 for the Lakers, who beat the Spurs for the third tim e in four games this season. 
Larry Kenon and George Gervin led the Spurs with 26 and 23 points, re­ spectively. The other Spurs to score in double figures were Mike Gale with ll and Mark Olberding with IO. 
Los Angeles led by as many as 15 points in the third period and humbled 
San Antonio by the score of 88-75 en­ tering the final quarter. 
The Spurs were down by only five. 
63-58. before the Lakers doubled that advantage and started to dominate the quarter on the sreboard. 
Los Angeles struck for five unans­ wered points with Russell. Tatum and 
Ford contributing. 
That m ade the tally 68-58. The 
Lakers hit 55 per cent from the floor in the third period while the Spurs were hitting for 5o per cent. 
Russell was the leading point man with IO tallies for the Lakers. The 
Spurs were .sparked by Gervin with seven and Gale with six. 
The Spurs trailed 53-48 at halftime but could have been closer had their late scoring trend had more time to develop. 
The Spu rs scored the last eight points of the first half to wipe out a 
13-point Laker lead. 
Allan Bristow ignited the rally by hitting a jumper from the right corner. 
Then Gervin responded with back-to, back field goals. Goby Dietrich added the final two points of the spree. 
The Lakers shot 51 per cent from the field in the first half while the Spurs hit 48 per cent. 
Jabbar and Cazzie Russell led Los 
Angeles with 17 and IO points, respec­ tively. Gervin scored all nine of his first-half points in the second period. 
Bristow and Kenon each had eight at the half. 
The Spurs had 16 turnovers in the first half, good for 15 Laker points. 
L.A. had nine turnovers, which led to five Spur points: 
The Lakers led the Spurs by as many as IO points in the first period. 
Los Angeles center Hareem Abdul- 
Jabbar led the Lakers with 15 points in that opening 12 minutes. The Spurs suffered offensively as George Gervin tailed to collect a single point in the period. 
Gervin was being m arked by the 
Lakers’ Don Chaney. 
The Spurs opened the gam e with their overp lay defense and la te r switched to the run-and-jum p in an effort to stymie the accurate Lakers. 
Ens Angeles led, 1o-9, before they went on a scoring spree which helped 

Salinas falls 

SPECIAL TO THE EXPRESS-NEWS 

PITTSBURGH, Pa. - The Pennsyl­ vania High School All-Stars beat the' 
U.S. High School All-Stars 98-92 Friday in the Dapper Dan Classic. 
Wes Matthews of Connecticut was high point man for the U.S. with 29 points while Eugene Benley hit 2o points for Philadelphia. 
Gilbert Salinas went 1-3 from the field on the U.S. squad and collected six rebounds. 
N u m e r o U n o w i n s 

HOT SPRINGS, Ark. ( AP) — S©> Numero I no. the 8-5 favorite, scored an easy 41 * length victory over Romeo Friday in the $1oo,ooo added Oaklawn 
Handicap. 

Soy Numero I no, ridden by Ray Broussard, earned $8o,61o for owners 
J.R. Straus, Sr.*and Izzie Proler. 

The 4-year-old Damascus colt covered the I 1/16 mile race in 1:42 2/5, four-fifths off the track record. Despite a slight drizzle, the track was rated fast. 

On Saturday, Straus’ C’lev Er Tell, rated among the top three-year-old contenders in the country, will be a favorite in the Arkansas Derby. 

JESUS PIMENTEL, right, squares off with opponent Jose Gailito at Friday's workouts 
PHOTO BY STEVE CAMPBELL 
Ready, aim, swing 

By MIKE BRUTON 
OF THE EXPRESS-S1 AFF 

Some may consider it a blessing, a.nd some may think of it as distressing, but 
Sugar Ray Leonard's second pro bout, which was scheduled for Saturday in Balti­ more, has been postponed. 

That means San Antonio will have Howard Cosell as a visitor for the second consecutive weekend. 
Cosell, along with former world heavyweight champion George Foreman will man the micro­ phones for ABC Sports when Don 
King Productions presents the first semifinal round of the United States 
Boxing Championships Saturday at 
1:3o p.m. in the Convention Center 
Arena. 
ABC Sports’ voice of boxing, who was scheduled to do commentary on the Leonard bout in Baltimore, will go on the air nationally at approxi­ mately 2:15 p.m. 
At that time the first of three se­ m ifinal m atches, which features four world-ranked boxers, will be- 
BRUTON gin. 
Saul Mamby, a junior welterweight from New 
York who is known more for ring strategy than a knockout punch, will put his No. 8 world ranking on the line against ninth-ranked Mike Everett of Phi­ ladelphia. 
E v e re tt, the b ro th e r of top world junior lightweight contender Tyrone, is 21-2-1 with ll knockouts and Mamby is 19-1o-5 and has never been knocked out. 
King Productions reported that Tyrone would be present Saturday, either in his brother’s corner or in the audience. 
In another feature bout, the world’s third-ranked1 featherweight Walter Seeley of Sayville, Long Island will tangle with undefeated (22-o), fourth-ranked 
Ruben Castillo. 
Seeley (27-4-3) has only four knockouts to his credit while Bakersfield, Calif., native Castillo has disposed of ll opponents via knockout. One veteran matchmaker said of Castillo, “ He’s the best looking featherweight prospect to come out of the West Coast since Bobby Chacon.” 
The third sem ifinal bout will put Ruby Ortiz against Johnny Sullivan in a lightweight scuffle. 
Ortiz, of Salinas. Puerto Rico, now residing in 

T aylor champ 

By KEVIN O’KEEFFE 
OF THB EXPRESS-NEWS STAFF 

Besides receiving the $4ooo first prize in tilt1 American Golf Tournament at Pecan 
Valley Country Club, Steve Taylor of Sa­ cramento, Calif., may also get a citation from the U.S. Postal Service. 

Because, like the proverbial mailman, he did not let rain, wind or cold stop him from his appointed round. And Friday, his “ appointed round” was a three-under-par 68, good for a three-day total of 21o. 
However, Taylor had to go two extra holes against San 
Antonian 
Frank Conner and John Cutshal! of 
Phoenix, who also had 54-hole totals of 21o, before claiming his first AGT title. Taylor did finish first in an­ other AGT stop in Jacksonville, but lost in a playoff there. 
Conner, who had a two-under-par 
69 Friday, and Cutshall, who scored a 68, each received $17oo. Lee 
Carter Jr. of Dallas, the leader after 

( V K F F F F F 
3o-holes, slipped to a four-over-par 
75 and finished fourth. He took home $1125. 
Taylor, 27, sank a two-foot putt for a par on the second playoff hole to clinch the tourney. All three men had pars on the first extra hole. 
Cunner, a former Trinity tennis star in the late 
‘6os, was three-under for the day until he three-put­ ted the 16th hole for a bogey. 
Taylor, a 5-11, 155-pounder, turned pro in 1967, but did not begin play on the tour until 1975. He became a professional to work as an assistant golf pro. He has played on the PGA tour and still holds a PGA card. He finished 19th in last year’s Texas Open. 
” 1 am going to play the next stop on this tour in 
Austin,” Taylor reported. “ Then, I am going back to 

TELEVISION 
Saturday ll a.m. (Ch. 4) — Ara Parseghian's Sports. 
1 p.m . (Ch. 4) — Houston A stros vs. Texas 
Rangers. 
2 p.m. (Ch. 12) — Pro Bowlers’ Tour: $1oo,ooo 
Burger King Open from Don Carter's Kendall Lanes in Miami. 
3:3o p.m. (Ch. 5) — CBS Sports Spectacular. The 
Texas 15o USAC Auto Race from Texas World 
Speedway; Masters Golf Tournament Preview. 
3:3o p.m. (Ch. 12) - ABC’s Wide World of Sports: 
Phoenix 15o Indianapolis-type Car Race; World Re­ cord High Diving Championships. 
5 p.m. (Ch. 12) — Dinah Shore Winners Circle 
Championships: Third Round from Mission Hills 
Country Club in Palm Springs, Calif. 
6 p.m. (Ch. 41) — Wrestling. 
7:3o p.m. (Ch. 9) - The Way It Was: Joe Louis- 
Jersey Joe Walcott Fight. 
9 p.m. (Ch. 41) — Box de Mexico. 

Sunday 
11:45 a.m. (Ch. 41) — Soccer. 
12:3o p.m. (Ch. 5) — Sunday with the Spurs. 
12:3o p.m. (Ch. 9) — Silver Broom World Curling 
Championships from Sweden. 
12:45 p.m. (Ch. 5) — NBA Basketball: Philadel­ 

 phia ‘76ers vs. Boston Celtics. 
1 p.m. (Ch. 4) — Houston Astros vs. Texas 
Rangers. 
1:3o p.m. (Ch. 12) — Jack Nickiaus and Friends: 
Jack Nickiaus, Tom Weiskopf, Hubert Greene and 
Ben Crenshaw play a round of golf for high stakes near Tokyo. 
2 p.m. (Ch. ll) — Knockout: Boxing Highlights. 
2:3o p.m. (Ch. 12) - ABC's Wide World of Sports: 
21st Annual Rebel 5oo Stock Car Race; !32nd Run­ ning of the Grand National Steeplechase in Aintree, 
England. 
3 p.m. (Ch. 9) — NCAA-Japan International Vol­ leyball Championship. 
4 p.m. (Ch. 12) — Dinah Shore Winners Circle Golf 
Championships: Final Round. 

RADIO 
Saturday 
12:5o p.m. (WOAl. 12oo) — Houston Astros \s. 
Texas Rangers. 
3.15 p.m. (WOAI, 12oo) - Texas Grand Prix 

Sunday 
12:5o p.m. (WOAI, 12oo) — Houston Astros \s. 
Texas Rangers. 
7 p.m. (WGA!, 12oo) — San Antonio Spurs \s. 
Atlanta Hawks. 
■DISCOUNT STEREO HAS GONE 
Ii£UR M 4Z< 
M H M S U P E R CAR STEREO SAVINGS! 

CRAIG’S FABULOUS 
SPEAKERS 

^PIONEER 
■ 25.88 

W tH 
M m iiii 
PAIR 
• MODEL TS-16o 
• GREAT SOUND, 
ECONOMICAL PRICE 

KAR KRAZY DEAL 
22 77 

27-OZ. MAGNET, DUAL 
COME SPEAKERS, 6Xo c r e A iG . 

CRAIG 
“POWER PLAY" 
6’% 2o-OZ. 
MAGNET 
27.66 
_____ PR,_____ 
COAXIAL 
— 
36.77 
THIS SOUND 
PAIR 
TO ANY ON THE MARKETI 
• 6X9 W DUAL CONE 
• DYNAMIC TONES 

^ S A N Y O KAR KRAZY PEAL 
• SUDEMOUNT IN C LU D E D lH | ^ H H | 

STEREO EM 
WITH CASSETTE 
PLAYER 

• IN DASH EZ-INSTALL | 
^ 
■ 
9 9 883 

STEREO CASSETTE 
WITH AM-FM 
RADIO 

..'n' 

SPM* 

^ P I O N E E R 
KAR KRAZY 

MODEL KP-212 
CASSETTE £ f } 7 7 
STEREO 

MODEL KP2SO 
• IN DASH 
CASSETTE 
• FM 
STEREO 9999 

MODEL 3515 UNDER DASH 
W /LOCKING FAST FORWARD 
51.77 

 mm 
C L R L A IG 

“ 
I C A D 
KRAZY" 
IF YOU’RE SERIOUS 
ABOUT MUSIC. 

MODEL 3 S13 AM-FM 
MPX IN-DASH CASSETTE 
118.88 

PEDRO 
OPEN 
SATURDAY 
9A.M.-6P.M. 
I O-MONT 
LAYAWAY 

6624 SAN PEDRO 

I NEXT TO PIZZA HUT) 
8 2 4 - 7 2 9 6 

MARBACH PtAZA 

Military Dr W at Marbach Rd 
6 7 4 - 7 5 2 3 

% MARBACH | 
[open SUNDAY 
IO A.M.-6 P.Mj 
TERMS 

H ♦ Son Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— Saturday April 2 1977 

¥ 
1 
. - 
L a s t 
Cars 

NEW O RLEA NS (A P ) — A ustin 
( arr and Elm ore Smith combined for 
23 points in the fourth quarter to lead the Cleveland Cavaliers to a 113-1 (it) victory over the New Orleans .Jai i in a 
National Basketball Association gam e 
Friday night 
The gam e was tied at 98 with 4:37 left when ( a r r tossed in five s tra ig h t points, fed Smith for a layup and then scored on a layup him self to give 
Cleveland a 1o7-1oo lead during the next two minutes. 

C L E V E L A N D (11S): B Sm ith 7 7 8 21. B re w e r 8 
o 2 16. C hones 3 t i IO. W a lle r 6 1-2 13, C a rr 12 1 3 25. 
Sn yd e r 2 2 2 6. B ro k a w 3 2 3 8, E. Sm ith 6 o 4 12, 
Lam b e rt o o 2 o, R u sse ll o 4 4 4. Totals 47 21 34 H S. 
N E W O R L E A N S (1o6): C olem an 4 4 4 12, G riffin 6 
2 2 14. K elly 7 I 2 15, M a ra v tc h 17 7-7 41, M e E lr o v 9 
4 7 22. M o o re o O O o. W illia m s I o-o 2, H o w a rd o O O o. 
Totals 44 18 22 1o6. 
Cleveland 
25 25 27 38— 115 
New Orleans 
29 21 27 29— 1o6 
P o o le d o u t — B r o k a w , 
M c E t r o v . 
T o t a l to u ts — C le v e l a n d 
23, 
N e w 
O r l e a n s 
24 
T e ch n ica ls— M o ra v ith . A — 7,754. 
Rockets soar 

LAND O V ER. Md. (A P ) - Mike 
New Un cam e off the bench to score all of his 13 points in the fourth quarter 
F rid a y night to lead Houston to a eome-from-behind 91-85 National Bas­ ketball Association victory over the 
Washington Bullets. 
The victory snapped the Rockets th r e e - g a m e lo sin g s tr e a k and stren g th en ed their Central Division lead to 2x2 gam es over the Bullets with just four to play. 

H O U ST O N (91): Jones 3 O O 6. T o m ia n o v ich I o o 
2, M a lo n e 8 4 5 2o, L u c a s 9 I 2 19, M u r p h y 4 5 7 13, 
Joh n son 2 o o 4, K u n n e rt 6 o o 12. N ew lin 5 5 6 IS. 
Totals 38 IS 2o 91. 
W A S H IN G T O N (85): G re v e v 2 I 2 5, H a y e s 2 12 5, 
U nsold 4 O O 8, Chenier 8 l l 17, H e n d e rso n 9 2 2 2o, 
K u o ch ak 7 4 6 18, W right 2 O O 4, B in g 3 2-2 8. G ra y o 
o o o Totals 37 11-15 85. 
Houston 
18 17 23 33— 91 
W ashington 
16 28 24 17— 85 
Pouted o u t— K u n n e rt. Total fo u ls — H o u sto n 18. 
W ashington 21. T echn ical— T o m ian o vich . A — 17,768. 

Busy sports day 

St. M a ry ’s e n t e r ta i n s St. E d ­ w ard's in a Big State Conference doubleheader, starting at I p.m. at 
Y.J. Keefe F ield, and A labam a visits Trinity in a men’s dual tennis m atch at 2 p.m. to highlight Satur­ day's schedule. In other features. 
Trinity's baseball team meets Pan 
American at 3 and Cornell at 7 at 
Steves Field, and action gets under way at Pan American Speedway. with tim e trials at 7 and races at 8. 
All local gam es were postponed because of rain Friday. 
Other sports activities: 

S A T U R D A Y 
Pro B o x in g 
U S. B o x in g C h o m p io n s h ip s , 
Arena, 2:3o p.m. 
Auto R a c in g : T e x a s G ra n d P rix . T e x a s W o rld 
Speedw ay. College Station, q u alifyin g b e gin s of 
12: 3o p.m., roce starts at 3 3o p m. 
Stock car racing. P a n A m e ric a n Sp e e d w a y, time trials begin of 7 p.m., ra cin g sta rts at 8 p.m. 
College Tennis: T rin ity m en vs. A la b a m a , 
Trinity Tennis Stadium , 2 P.m.; T rin ity w om en. 
T e x a s ASO w o m e n of T e x a s in te r c o lle g ia te 
Tournam ent, Austin; Son Antonio C ollege m en and w om en at Central T e xa s T ourney, K illeen, 
College B a se b all: T rip le h e a d e r at T rin ity : 
P an A m erican vs. Cornell, noon; P a n A m e ric a n vs. Trinity, 3 o.m .; Cornell vs. Trinity, 7 p.m. 
St. E d w a r d s at St. M a r y 's (2), V .J. K e e fe 
Field. I p m., T exas Luth e ran vs. So u thw estern 
(2), Georgetow n. I p.m. 
San Antonio C o lle ge — Tem ple (2), O lm o s field. 
1:3o 
College T rack: Southw est Texas, T e x a s A8.I at Texas R elays, Austin. 
H ig h S c h o o l B a s e b a ll: S e e p a g e 4C fo r schedule and results 
Shooting: P o lic e C o m b a t R e g io n a l M a tc h , 
King Rifle and Pistol Range. 8:3o a m .; T u rk e y 
Shoot, A Place to Shoot — Lakeside, 9 a m. 
R u g b y : S a m H o u sto n St. vs. S a n A n to n io 
R ugb y Club, 2 p.m., O lm os Basin. 
Bow ling; T e x a s T e n p in m eet at H ig h la n d s 
Social Club, 9 a m. 
C o lu m b ia 3oo A T A m e e t at S o u t h s i d e 
Q ualifying tim es are 12:3o, 2, 4 and 6 p m. 
D rag R acin g 
R a c e s start at 7 p.m. 
Trinity tough 

AUSTIN — The Trinity University women’s tennis team held the lead of Division I and was a close second in Division ll in th e T ex as W o m en ’s 
Intercollegiate Tournam ent after 
F riday’s play here. 

In Division I Sandy Stap defeated Jo Ann Kurz uf 
Texas 8-4, 8-3. while Susie Smith of Texas got by- 
Carrie Flem ing 5-7, 7-6, 8-2. 

In Division ll semifinals OUBLES ACTION. Shelly 
Hudson and Kerry Sterling whipped Janie 4 Bowen and 
Ifs 
SC H O O rim G raham of TX L .b-4. b-2. 
‘re,are Friday s Trinity du Ie: results and Saturday's 

F r id a y s R e su lts 
Division I: Sin g le s Q u a rte rfin a ls - 
S a n d y Stop dei. A n n e B ro yle s, 
S M U 6 2, 6 1; S ta c v B o w m a n . T R IN , del. S h e r r y P u n k in , N E. 
Lo u isia n a 6-2, 6 3; C a rn e F le m in g, T R IN , del. V ic k y R o b in so n , UT, 
6 2, 6 1. Singles Sem i finals — Stop del. Jo A n n K u rz. U T, 6 4, 6*3; Su sie 
Sm ith. UT. dec C a rn e Fle m in g, T R IN , 5 7,7 6. 6 2. Doubles Q u arte r­ finals — K im Stienm eti and W endv Hitt, S M U . del B o w m a n and A n n 
Schroeder, T R IN , 7 6 6-o; Stap and F lem m a, T R IN , det. L in d a M itch e ll and K a re n M e a re s. UT P e rm ia n B a sin . 6-3, 6 2. Te am Points: T rin ity 
19, UT- A ustin 14, S M U 13. 

D ivisio n ll: 
Singles. T h ird R ou n d — - Sh e lly H u d son , T R IN , del. 
Elizabeth P alfre y, L S U , 6-1, 6 2; K e r r y Ste rlin g , T R IN , del. K a re n 
Castle. T e x a s W esleyan. 6-o, 6 4. S in g le s Q u a rte rfin a ls — H u d so n , 
T R IN , del. Ja c kie B u rrow , T C U . 6-o, 6-1; K e r r y Sterling, T R IN , del. 
- K a re n M cC arter, L S U , 6-1, 6-4. Doubles Q uarte rfin als — H u d so n and 
Sterling, T R IN . det. Ja n a n T rim b le and S u sa n Stephenson, A R K , 6 o, 
6 1. Sem ifinals — H u d so n and Sterling, T R IN . det. Ja n ie B ow en and 
M e rlin G raham , T C U , 6-4, 6 2. Team Points: S M U 16, T rin ity 14, L S U and T e x a s Tech 13. T C U 9. 

Saturday s Schedule 
Division I: Sin g le s F in a ls — Sa n d v jSta p vs. Su sie Sm ith U T , 1oa.m. 
D o u b le s S e m ifin a ls — S lo p a n d F le m in g vs. A n n E ll is a n d K a v 
M c D an ie l. L S U , atter sin g le s finals m atch. 
D ivision ll; 
Sin g le s E M I F I N A L S - S H E L L Y H U D S O N vs. V ick i 
Sa ra ga , S M U . 9 a.m.; K e r r y Ste rlin g vs. Sue Stilting. S . after firs! match. D oubles F in a ls — H u d so n and Ste rlin g vs. w inner of B e a v e rs an d C u m m ings, T exas Tech Castle and Hood, T e xo W e sle y a n m atch. 

P a c e rs rally 

U N IO N D A L E . 
N Y . 
(AP) — John Williamson and 
D ave 
R o b isch teamed for 13 points in the last quarter to lead the Indiana P acers to an 
89-88 National Basketball 
Association victory over 
New York that extended the Nets' losing streak to ll gam es Friday night. 
The Nets lost a chance to pull out the gam e at the end when Al Skinner missed a shot with two seconds left. 

IN D IA N A (89): Jo n e s 1 o o 2. 
Knight 6 1-2 13, Robisch 12 o o Ii, 
B use 4 6 7 14. W illiam son 9 5 9 23. 
H illm a n 4 1-2 9, F lv n n o o o o, 
A nderson I 2-2 4. Totals 37 15-22 
89 
N E W Y O R K (88): v a n B re d a 
Kolff 5 2-2 12, B an to m 7 5-8 19, 
Bassett 9 o o 18, H a w k in s 9 3 4 21. 
S k in n e r S 2 2 12. W o h l I 2-6 4, 
H ughes I O O 2, D a v is o o-o o, F ox o 
O O o. Totals 37 14-22 88. 
Indiana 
17 33 2o 19— 89 
New York 
24 23 24 17— 88 
F o u le d o u t — H a w k in s . T o tal fouls— Indiano 21, New Y o rk 23. 
A — 8,782. 

PECAN VALLEY GOLF CLUB 
SPRING GOLF SPECIAL ti | goo 

INCLUDES 
INITIATION, 
ALL 
GREEN 
FEES 
AND 

COMPLETE CLUB PRIVILEGES FOR YOU AND YOUR 

FAMILY FOR A TWO MONTHS TRIAL MEMBERSHIP. 

M EMBERSHIP MAY BE CONTINUED THEREAFTER FOR 

$37.5o MONTHLY. 

OFFER EXPIRES MAY 31 

PECAN VALLEY DR. AT E. SOUTHCROSS 
333-7121 
333-9o18 

K nicks alive 

MILWAUKEE (AP) - 
The New York Knieks, s p a rk e d by 
E a rl 
Monroe's 28 points and 
Walt F razier's 2o. kept alive their slim National 
B ask etb all A ssociation playoffs hope Friday by b e a tin g 
M ilw a u k ee 
118-1o9. 

N E W Y O R K K N I C K S (1 1 6 ): 
M c M illa n 2 o-o 4, Shelton 9 13 19. 
M c A d o o 4 3 6 ll. F ra zie r 9 2-2 2o. 
M onroe 12 4 4 28, M c M ille n 4 o-o 8. 
B e ard 6 O O 12, B ra d le y 7 O O 14, 
Jackson o o o o. Totals 53 IO-15 116. 
M I L W A U K E E 
(1 o 9 ): 
D o n urld ge 8 7 7 23, M e y e rs 3 6 9 12, 
N oter 2 O O 4, B u c k n e r 4 O O 8, 
W inters IS 4-5 34, Reston! 4 O O 8, 
Brid ge m an 3 o 16, C arter I 2 2 4, 
Walton I O O 2, Lloyd 3 O O 6. G a r­ rett I O O 2. Totals 45 19 24 1o9. 
New York 
31 32 3o 23— 116 
Milw aukee 
34 26 28 21— 1o9 
F o u le d ou t — n o n e . 
T o ta l fo u ls— N ew Y o rk 19, M ilw a u k e e 
2o. A — 8,671. 
DITTMAR LUMBER 
5oo 
SEGUIN 
ROAD 

OPEN 
MON.-SAT. 
7:3o TO 5 

W I P Mg A U K V C M U C O Yak* N o * Braunfels Av*. rn nm JVI triter J A r CJT Exit O ff 1-35 N. Follow 
WHERE CASH BUYS 
AT WHOLESALE 

Across Road To A ARCO 
Sign. Turn Right to Se­ guin Rd. Then Loft To Our 
Gate. 

1o s p o o l s ' 
FO R 
GOOD 
B A M M WIRE $1 A C I 
W 
W 
W 
First Quality 
L Z 3 I USED RAIL ROAD TIES 
• IS 95 SPOOL 

 s p o o i s » 4 5 ^ ic ALL-AMERICAN * 
CORRUGATED IRON 
MADE Of AMERICAN STEIL IN THE U.S. FIRST GRADE (NOT SECONDS) 
NOT IMPORTED— IST GRADE GALVANIZED 8-1o-12-14-16 FOOT LENGTHS 
.. S1 9 95 Sq. 
(IO O sa. FT.) 

 beats 
West 

Continued from Page IC second half, reaching that zenith twice in the fourth period. 
But the West, behind guard Minnie 
Jo h n so n of M cL en n an (W aco) and postman Daryl Smith of Western Tex­ as (Snyder) kept com ing back. 
Stormed back 

Down. 1oo-89, the West stormed back w ithin two at 112-11o w ith 3:19 left when Johnson banked in a shot after rebounding his own miss. 
At th at point, the W est had th ree opportunities to pull even but failed to convert, and the E ast resum ed com ­ mand by four on a layup by All-Amer­ ican S a m m y D ru m m e r of D eK alb- 
South. Ga. 
The West had a three-on-one break at one point when the score was 112-11o but D rum m er stole the ball from be­ hind from Ken Logan of San Jacinto to stop the West. 
Seconds later Phillip Stroud of Hen­ derson County, who won the slam dunk c o n te st at h a lftim e , m is s e d a one-and-one that could have tied it. and then on their next chance to tie it at 
112-112. a lob pass from Johnson went out of bounds uncaptured. 
Postman 
Chester Giles, the 8-1o postman from 
Independence, and MVP in the recent 
National Junior College Tournam ent, had 18 points for the East while Mark 
G raeb e of F a r m in g d a le . N .Y ., and 
Johnny High of Lawson St., Ala., con­ tributed 18 each. D ru m m er who was honored at the g a m e as the J u n io r 
College player of the year by the De­ 
Kalb. Ga., Cham ber of Commerce, had 
15 points and was impressive down the stretch. 
Sm ith led the West with 23 points while Johnson added 22. Stroud and 
Logan had 14 each and Him Goetz of 
Southern Idaho contributed ll. 
“ They may have scored 114 points but I thought we played som e good defense down the stretch.” said Wall.” 
West Coach Wayne Ballard of San 
Jacinto complained early in the gam e that the East was using a full court press, although both sides had agreed not to press in the first half. 
Wall said no such ag re e m e n t was made. He said that an agreem ent was m ade to “ press only one half of the game. I don't think we did it m ore than that.” 

E A S T (121): 
D ru m m e r 7 13 15. K n ig h t o O O o, 
Cow an 3 o o 6, G raebe 4 8 9 16, G ile s 7 4 5 18. A b n e y 5 
4-7 14. H igh 7 2-5 16, Sa u n d e rs 8 3-3 19, G r a y 4 O O 8, 
Kelly 4 I ! 9. Totals; 49 23-33 121. 
W E S T (114): G un n 2 2 2 6, Stroud 7 o 2 14, H o lm e s 
4 o o 8, Lo ga n 6 2 2 14, Sm ith ll 16, 23, D r in k s OO OO. 
Butler 4 O O 8, Goetz 4 3-4 ll, Joh n son IO 2-4 22, M a c k 
J o 2 8. Totals: 52 IO 22 114. 
Halflim e: E a st 63, W est 61. Total Fouls: E a st 26, 
West 27. Att. 3,1oo. 
Suns hot 

P H O E N IX . A riz. (A P ) - P au l 
Westphal, with a carcer high 4o points, helped the Phoenix Suns crush the 
Detroit Pistons 133-118 in National 
Basketball Association play F rid ay night. 
YVestphal’s total included 18 in a big 
4o-point fourth quarter for Phoenix. 
Ricky Sobers had ll in the final period for the Suns. R ookie Ira T e r r e ll equalled his career high with 22 points as did fellow starting rookie Butch 
F'eher with 17. 

D E T R O IT (116): C o rr 8 O O 16, H. P o rte r 8 l l 17, 
D o u g la s 7 2-4 16, F o rd 15 3-5 33, M o n e y 4 2-2 IO. 
Brow n o O O o, E b e rlia rd 2 6-6 IO. K. P o rle r 4 O O £(, 
Sim pson o o-o o, T raoD o o-o o, Sellers 2 2-3 6. Totals 
5o 16-21 116. 
P H O E N IX (133): Fe h e r 6 5 7 17, T e rre ll 9 4 7 22. 
A d a m s 6 7-7 i9. Lee I 2-2 4, W estphal 16 8 8 4o, S o b e rs 
7 9-1o 23, E ric kso n 2 o o 4, Schiueter I o o 2, T. V an 
A rsd a le oo-o o, D. V on A rsd a le I o-o 2. Totals 49 35-41 
133. 
Detroit 
32 24 31 29— 116 
Phoenix 
26 37 3o 4o— 133 
F o u le d out — D o u g la s . T o tal fo u ls — D e t ro it 32, 
P h o e n ix 17. T e c h n ic a l f o u ls — C a r r 2 (e je c te d ), 
Terrell. A-8.5o6. 
B a s k e tb a ll 

C A T H O L IC A C A D E M IC L E A G U E 
St. M a rtin s H all 43, St. G e ra rd s 32 

C E N T R A L Y M C A 
Friday 2-A League: 
Q uality P ro d u c e 75, M a x x 
74; D in g o s 67, A la m o Y 27; A la m o C a n d y 72, 
V D R L S 55. 

 lowost Price Anywhere 

ROUGH CEDAR 
LUMBER 
1x1o— Lap & Gap 
.42 LF 
1x12— R/L .55 LF 

FULL ROUGH 
GCNUINI 
CYPRESS 

 i n - 2 1 * 
LF. 

24o# 
SoaWown Roofing 

1 4 . 9 5 
SQUARE 

You Can't Buy Better Quality Roofing 
Than Our Tamko Brand— Period 
Colors same price as white 
IOO# Ctn. 

3o# OR 15# FELT 
9o# ROOFING 
STE® A!P^ 
LT 

7 2 9 
7 . 2 9 
5 * 9 9 
J S T i 
Rad Mist, Green Mist, Cedar Wood Blend, Brown Mist. White. 

EXCELLENT FENCING 
TREATED 
YELLOW PINE 
PANELS— 6'x6'— M 7.95 ea. 

POSTS— 5" (Did. Pointed- 8 - ‘4.89 « 
(FIGURES $3.81/FOOT) 

PRICES 6 o o o THRU APRIL 7th. 
S DITTMAR LUMBER * 
5oo SEGUIN ROAD 
226-3141 

EAST’S JOHNNY HIGH (22) battles Ken Logan for rebound during Friday night action 
PHOTO BY K.M. DEAN, JR. 
Spurs 

 them to establish their 31-23 advantage after one period. 
The Lakers outscored the Spurs. 9-2, over a three-m inute span with forward 
Don F o rd c o lle c tin g four of th o se points via a dunk and layup off the fast break. 
Only Larry Kenon managed to score for the Spurs as the Lakers climbed to a 19-11 advantage. 
Los A n g ele s a c h ie v e d its firs t 
I Ii-point spread of the period with 1:59 rem aining as Ja b b a r struck for a hook off the right baseline. 
The Spurs ended up turning the ball over tw ice as m a n y tim e s as Los 
Angeles. 8-4. 
After F rid ay ’s gam e, the Spurs left 
Los A ngeles at 3 a.m . for a re tu rn flight to San Antonio. The Spurs’ next gam e is 7:3o p.m. Sunday against At­ lanta in Convention Center Arena. . 

Dan Cook 

SA N A N T O N IO (1o2) 
Plover 
Min fg-fga ft-fta reb pf pts 
O lberding 
2o 
4-8 
2-3 
2 
I 
IO 
Kenon 
41 
13-2o 
OO 
13 
I 
26 
Paultz 
24 
3-1o 
2 2 
7 
4 
8 
Gale 
27 
5 7 l l 
6 
o ll 
G ervin 
42 
9-16 
5 6 
6 
4 
23 
Bristow 
31 
3-8 
2 2 
9 
3 
8 
Dietrick 
24 
3-8 
OO 
I 
4 
6 
Word 
4 
13 
OO 
I 
o 
2 
Silos 
5 
o o 
OO 
I 
o 
o 
D u m pier 
22 
4 9 
OO 
I 
o 
8 
Totals 
24o 
45-89 
12-14 
47 
17 1o2 
LO S A N G E L E S (1o7) 
Plover 
Min fg-fga ft-ffa reb pf pts 
Fo rd 
39 
6 IO 
1-2 
13 
3 
13 
Russell 
38 
13-29 
2 5 
7 
2 
28 
Jab o ar 
3o 
I M S 
1-2 
IO 
o 
23 
Chanev 
38 
1-6 
2-2 
2 
3 
4 
Tatum 
35 
9-18 
OO 
6 
4 
18 
Abernathy 
19 
1-6 
OO 
4 
I 
2 
Neum ann 
U 
o 4 
OO 
I 
2 
o 
Lam a r 
1? 
5 IO 
OO 
2 
o 
IO 
Kupec 
18 
4 7 
1-2 
I 
2 
9 
Totals 
24o 
5o-1o5 
7-13 
46 
17 1o7 

Some ring history for the visitors 

The meeting of the clan is about to come to order. Questions will be asked. Quick now, what is it that Don King, Harry Kabakoff and 
St. Bernardine all have in common? 
Yes, at one time or another they’ve all taken up collections. But that's not the answer we’re looking for today. Give up? Okay, the common denominator for the unlikely trio mentioned above is the promotion of boxing. Strange as it seems, a young priest in 
Sienna. Italy did more than anyone else to revive pugilism in the world long after the gladiators of Rome and Greece went to their just—or unjust—rewards. 

Son Antonio 
Los Angeles 
23 25 27 27 — 1o2 
31 22 35 19 
1o7 , 
A S S IS T S : Kenon 3. O lb e rd in g 2, Paultz I, G a le 2, 
G ervin 5, Bristow 6, G a m b ie r 2, D ie trlck 2, S ila s I, 
Fo rd 4, R ussell I, J a b b a r 5, C h e n e y ll, T atum 2, 
Abernathy I, N e u m an n I, L a m a r I. 
S T E A L S : G e rvin 4, Bristow 4, F o rd 3. R u sse ll 3, 
Jabb ar 2, C haney 4, T atum 3, L a m a r I. 
T U R N O V E R S : San Antonio 24, L o s A n g e le s 13. 
B L O C K E D SH O T S: Kenon 2, O lb e rd in g I, P aultz 
I, Gale I, Ja b b a r 4. 
T E C H N IC A L S : 
Ja b b a r 
(elected for slu g g in g 
Dietrick). 
O F F IC IA L S : G u sh u e and Nunez. 
Pitcher fans 
26, loses 

Eli Nativ blad of Del Rio struck out 28 
Jay batters in 13 innings but lost a 4-3 gam e to the M ustangs in a District 
3o-AAAA gam e on the border Friday afternoon. 
The Mustangs struck suddenly with two out in the 13th. as Robert H urlburt singled and Woody Woodruff doubled for the victory. 

BURGLAR ALARM SYSTEM $ O f } 9 5 | 

IN S T A L L E D ! (ON MOST CARS) 
^ . ( n u s u j u l 

R G A VHF/UHF „ 
8 CH ANNEL 
$ I 
BASE MOBILE SCANNER I16995 
I f f t C / 1 4 CHANNEL , 
I POCKET SCANNING 
> I 
J M O N IT O R S f r o m 
I 29oo| 

R o y o * 

51 i i W A 

51 

R a y s * 

MOD. 1-655 W A S $179.95 

CB 

MOO. 1-653$ W A S $159.95 

I O N L Y * 1 o 9 

I O N L Y 
* 9 9 

95 

9 5 

CO BRA BASE 
^ — 
^ n r 
MOD. CAM89 
M y Q 
V j 

W AS $ 279.95 
I O N L Y 
■ 

C R A IG A M / F M * 
8-TRACK STEREO 
$ 
IN-DASH 
1 o 9 
95 

D ire c tio n s : 

41o West 

A ccess Road 

Bandera Road E x it o f f 
Loop 41o W est, tu rn r ig h t on 1s t s t r e e t . 
NORTH 

S & P COMMUNICATIONS 
NO INTEREST 9o DAY 
5724 MoBUD FINANCING AVAILABLE 684-o196 

B ulls b ite 

CHICAGO (AP) - Re­ serve Cliff P ondexter's three baskets in the first two minutes of the fourth quarter sparked an 18-4 
Chicago outburst Friday night as the Bulls defeat­ ed D enver 1o7-97 in a 
National B asketball As­ sociation game. 

D E N V E R (97): Jones 5 1-1 ll, 
T hom p son 8 6 7 22, Isse i 2 2 2 6, 
M c C la in 5 3-3 13, P ric e o 2-2 2. 
Silas 4 6 6 14, C alvin 2 5-5 9, W ise 5 
1-2 ll, W ebster 2 3-5 7. T aylor I O O 
2. Totals 34 29 33 97. 
’ 
C H IC A G O (1o7): Joh n son 5 4 4 
14, M a y 2 3-4 7, G ilm o re 5 ll 13 21, 
H olland 6 8 8 2o. V an L ie r 7 5 6 19, 
M e lg e lt 2 o-o 4, M a r in 6 2-4 14. 
B oerw inkle I O O 2, H ic k s o o o o, 
Pondexter 3 O O 6. Totals 37 33-39 
1o7. 
Denver 
28 26 31 12— 97 
Chicago 
3o 28 27 22-1o7 
Fouled out— Jones, Issei, Price. 
Total fo u ls— D e n ve r 34, C h ic a g o 
24. A-2o,o31. 

Even he m ight find the comparison with St. Bernardine rather ridiculous but now, c e n tu rie s la ter. Don King parallels the plight of the priest as he pioneers a fresh revival in the ancient sport. 

Other stories in this section today will detail this afternoon's ring card at the Convention Center Arena. Howard 
Cosell and his national television crew will, no doubt, m erit am ple mention, as will the talents of Vicente Saldivar, one of the headliners on the card. 

So today w e’ll shoot in another d ir­ ection, offering a brief history on box­ ing in honor of the rare visit from so many of the g am e’s high lords. 
No, we’re not going back to the b ar­ eknuckle days of John L. Sullivan. 
Everyone knows that he could “ whip any man in the house.” Especially if 
Jam es J. Corbett w eren’t in the house. 

We’re going back to the real revival, back to Sienna around 12o1 A.D. That's where and when the gentle priest, a fierce foe of violence, introduced fist- fighting to his parishioners. It wasn’t a m oney-m aking proposition, a substi­ tute for Saturday night B ingo, but rather, the lesser of two evils. 

Seems that in those days each time a m an ’s honor was assailed that honor had to be avenged. Sienna w asn’t too big to sta rt with and it was growing s m a lle r each w ee k en d . T h e p rie st c o u ld n ’t k eep up w ith his ro u tin e duties for all the funerals that followed all the duels. 

The boxing era 

The priest, who years after his death was canonized St. Bernardine, taught m en and boys how to s trik e blows w ithout b usting their hands. He de­ monstrated how arm s could be used to block punches and. most importantly, he e m p h a siz ed the point that such com bat required m ore courage than th e w h a c k in g of an en e m y w ith a four-by-four. 

Besides, under the priest's idea to 
“ box u p ” for se ttle m e n t even the lo se rs could return som ed ay and defend more honor, if necessary. 

HOLD IT 
TOPK&Y, 
LET'5 BOX 

 in s t e a d / 

6 e rs ro ll 

PHILADELPHIA (AP) 
— Doug Collins scored six of his 26 points in overtime Friday night as the P h ilad e lp h ia 76ers defeated the Kansas City 
Kings 111-1o5 in National 
B a sk etb all A ssociation action. 
K A N S A S C IT Y (1o5): W edm an 
7 2 2 16, Robinzine 1 2 2 4, L ac e y 2 
2-2 6. Boone 12 2 3 26, B a rr 6 2-2 14, 
M c C a rte r 3 2-2 8. E a k in s 4 4-4 12. 
W ashington 7 O O 14, Joh n son 2 1-2 
5. Totals 44 17-19 1o5. 
P H IL A D E L P H IA (111): t r y in g 
13 6-8 32, M c G in n is 5 l l ll, Jones 
3 O O 6, Bibby o S A 5, C ollins IO 6-6 
26, F re e 7 l l IS, M ix 2 O O 4, 
D a w k in s 3 O O 6 B ry a n t 2 2 2 6. 
Totals 45 21 24 111. 
K an sas City 
7b 26 3o 19 4— 1o5 
Philadelphia 
26 27 19 29 1o-111 
F o u le d o u i— B o o n e , W a s h in g ton. Totals fou ls— K a n s a s City 32, 
Philadelphia, 27. T e c h n ica ls— K C 
C o a c h P h il J o h n s o n , B o o n e , 
Lacey, 2. A — 12,649. 

History fails to report whether or not the priest ever charged admission for any of his duels but it m ust be assumed that he did not since he m ade sainth-. ood, not boxing’s hall of fame. And from that assumption we come to the conclusion that none of H arry Kaba*. koff's ancestors were in the neighbor­ hood at the time. Harry would have at least pitched for the concessions. 

At any rate, during and for years after the lifetim e of the priest Sienna enjoyed “ the boxing era” and its po­ pulation climbed. 

It was m any years later that men in 
England began to settle grudges with th e ir fists an d , in tim e , b eg a n to indulge in fistic combat just for the fun of it all. T h at’s why even today E ng­ land. not Italy, is known as the “ cradle of pugilism .” 
You see, they were serious about it in 

Sienna. No fun attached. Boxing w asn’t a sport then. 
Moving right along with our history lesson, let’s bring the ladies into the act. 

It wasn't until 1916 that women, in any numbers, attended a boxing match in this country. But Tex Ri&kard, the forerunner to Don King, wisely decided that he was m issing out on a whole bunch of box office. He put on a potent drive to get the ladies to attend his 
Jess W illard-Frank Morgan bout in 
Madison Square Garden. Only about 
3oo made the scene but at least half that number were well-dressed'society chicks and, somehow, that set the pat­ tern for all major fights that followed. 

You might not be aware of this but right now in this country alone there are over 5o professional women boxers. 
They don’t work too often because the dem and isn’t yet too great but some ct the fighting females average IO or 12 bouts a year. 

There is interest, however. Always has been. On June 15 in 1722 this ad­ v ertisem en t appeared in a London newspaper: “ Challenge—I, Elizabeth 
Wilkinson of Clerkenwell, having had some words with Hanna Hyfield and requiring satisfaction, do invite her to meet me upon the stage and to box for three g u in ea s ($15), each w om an holding half a crown in each hand and the first woman to drop the money to lose the battle.” 

Folks, that little ad mushroomed in­ to a packed th eater five days later. 
Police, however, had also read the ad aud heard the ensuing rum ors. The fuzz folded the show before the first punch was thrown. 
Ah well, enough history for today. 
Now it’s over to the Arena for m ore cu rren t affairs, to see if K a b a k o ffs newest tiger, Saldivar, is, indeed, of championship caliber. 
Harry has been hunting rainbows all his life but he never has located the pot of gold. He might now be close—again. 

Outdoors with Dan K lepper 

Fishermen sympathy 

A story out of Philadelphia says that at 8 a.m. on April 16 a legion of fishermen will flick flies and spoons into the streams of 
P ennsylvania “ in search of the elu sive trout.” 

That's the opening day of the trout season in that northeastern state. P erhaps you’ve seen photo­ graphs of earlier opening days: wader-clad fisher­ men standing elbow-to-elbow. 
I'll bet that when one hooks a line-tangling lunker, he and his neighbor look like a couple of overweight teenagers wrestling in a rumble seat. 
The very thought of opening day on an eastern trout stream makes me glad I live in a climate where fishing is available year around . . . and where the trout is not the most important game fish. 

Many — perhaps a majority — of those Pennsyl­ vania trout are not too elusive. They are hatchery-1 raised fish stocked catchable size. Pennsylvania ranks fourth in the nation in the number of legal­ sized trout stocked each year. 

California is first, followed by Colorado and Wa­ shington. Idaho is fifth. 
It costs a bundle to raise trout to legal size for stocking. Pennsylvania is stocking 2Vfe million of the fish before the season opens, and each nine-inch fish represents an investment of 53 cents. 
Why they are there 

There are some elusive fish in the stream s, of course. Fish that survive the cold winters become much more wary than the newly stocked fish. They also become bigger. 
But those Pennsylvania anglers aren't out there solely because there’s a possibility they will catch a 
2o-inch trout. There’s more to fishing than that. 

They are there for the cam araderie. They are there to sate the hungry anticipation that precedes opening day. They are there because it gives them a reason to get off the concrete and away from the city, no matter how crowded the stream becomes. 

And if I lived in Pennsylvania, at 8 a.m. on April 
16. you’d find me on the stream with them, leaky waders and all even though the freshwater trout is not one of my favorite fish. 
The kind of fish being caught is not all that im­ portant to the inveterate fisherman. For him. one of the most beautiful sights in the world is the ring on the water where the cork disappeared. 
•A ★ ★ 
Personnel with the Parks and Wildlife Depart­ ment have recommended doubling the length of the aoudad sheep season — from one to two weeks — in eight counties of the Panhandle. The bag limit for the hunt, which would precede the deer season, would remain the same, one sheep. 

1,598 wanted a permit 

C ompetition was stiff this spring for the IOO spring turkey hunt permits on the state-owned Kerr Wild­ life Management Area in Kerr County. 
A total of 1,598 Texans submitted their names for the April 23-May I hunt. 

The IOO selected in a drawing will be notified by mail of their two-day hunt dates. Winning hunters must submit a $5 fee to help cover the cost of run­ ning the hunt. 

Although there is no spring turkey season in Kerr 
County this year, state law permits the Parks and 
Wildlife Department to hold hunts on wildlife man­ agement areas whenever there is a surplus of game. 
★ ★ ★ 
Members of the San Antonio Bass Club will hold a tournament on Falcon Lake April 16 and 17. Weigh station will be at the fish cleaning house in Falcon 
State Park. 
The April tournament of the Alamo Bass Club will be held 
April 
23-24 on 
Lake 
Som erville. 
Headquarters will be at Rocky Creek Park. 
The April meeting of ABC will be at 7:3o p.m. 
Tuesday at Comanche Corral. 

Fight 

Continued from Page IC 

Brooklyn, N.Y., is ranked fifth in the United States and holds a 14-2 record with six knockouts. Sullivan. of Kearny, N.J., is 14-3-2 with seven knockouts and holds the nation's fourth-ranking. 
There will be three feature bouts, besides the semifinals* to fill out a six-match show. 
Well known local boxing figure and former North 
American Bantamweight Champion Jesus Pimentel will go against Jose Gailito in one exhibition fea­ ture. 
A new heavyweight sensation Randy Cobb will battle Trenda Escamilla in a six-rounder in another feature. 
Cobb, a former football player at Abilene Chris­ tian University, was called a strong prospect for the world title by King. 
In Monday’s press conference, King jested, “ He's back in Philadelphia chopping down trees and hunting bears,’’ when reporters asked where Cobb was. 
King also said the Amarillo native, who has had only three pro fights, floored title contender Duane 
Bobick recently in a sparring session. 
In, perhaps, the biggest of all the non-tournament bouts, the No. I lightweight in the world Vicente 
Saldivar will go IO rounds against Acapulco’s Canelo 
Salinas in a non-title match. 
ABC Sports plans to feature the Mamby-Everett and Castillo-Seeley bouts in their entirety, while airing highlights of the Sullivan-Ortiz match. 

Stockton advances to semis 

L O N D O N (A P ) - 
Dick Stockton of Dal­ las, winner of three 
World Championship 
Tennis titles this year, reached the sem ifin­ als of the WCT tennis tournament at Earl’s 
Court, London, F ri­ day. 

The 
26-y*>ar-old 
Stockton defeated 
Harold Solomon of Ft. 
Lauderdale, Fla., 6-3, 
6-4, in 7o minutes to win the first of the night's quarter-finals. 

The victory guaran­ teed the top-seeded 
Stockton $7,5oo and put him in line for his fourth WCT title in the past IO weeks. 

The 24-year-old So­ lomon scored a ser­ vice break and led 3-2 in the first set for his only real challenge. 

San Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS-— Saturday April 2 197/ 
H 

US AC stars duel 

COLLEGE STATION (AP) — The United States 
Auto Club reacted Friday to a post-race fight between Gordon Johncock and Johnny Rutherford by fining Johncock $1,5oo and threatening both drivers with suspension if such an incident occurs again. 
Rutherford and Johncock came to blows in the press room in Phoenix last week after Rutherford 

T F, Channel .5, 3:3o p.in. 
✓ RADIO, WO AU 3:15 p.m. 

 had won the 15o-mile USAC-sponsored championship car race. 
Johncock accused Rutherford of running him off the track during the race. Johncock lost four laps after spinning onto the infield when his right rear tire nicked Rutherford's left front tire. 
The announcement came after a two-hour meeting at Texas World Speedway, where the 2oo-mile Texas 
Grand Prix championship car race is scheduled 
Saturday. 
“The drivers have been warned that any occur­ ence of the situation we experienced at Phoenix will result in their suspension,” said USAT President 
Nick King. “ I feel the problems at Phoenix are settled. They shook hands and that part of it is over. 
“Gordie was lined $1,5oo for fighting and we feel that incident is closed too unless there is a recur­ rence.” 
Rutherford, reigning Indianapolis 5oo champion 

 and winner of the Texas 5oo here last year, said the incident is closed as far as he is concerned. 
“ We're too close a family in racing to carry grudges,” Rutherford said! "We knew that 2o minutes later last week but tem pers were just getting out of hand. We shook hands and had a laugh about it.” 

I 

W O R M S W O R M S 

ONCE Y O U LEARN THE FACTS 
Y O U ’LL A L W A Y S SPELL 
W O R M S W ITH $. 

ROSING DOMESTICATED EARTHWORMS HAS BEEN NOTED AS 
THE FASTEST GROWING SEGMENT OF THE AGRICULTURAL 
BUSINESS. VERMICUUURE IS A BUSINESS WHICH LENDS 
ITSELF TO BACKYARDS, BARNS, AND ATTRACTIVE PROFITS 
SEE TO IT THAT YOU LOOK INTO THE INVESTMENT ASPECTS 
OF BEING A REGISTERED GROWER WITH ONE OF THE 
WORLDS LARGEST WORM COMPANY 

A CATTLEMEN — Secondary crop profit 
★ IN D IV ID U A L S — Part-time income 
★ B U SIN E SS — Ta* & profit advantages 

A It EMCEES & STUDEN TS — Incomes. 

WE BUY UNDER CONTRACT 1oo% Of YOUR PRODUCTION. A IIMITEo 
NUM8ER Of GROWERS ARE NEEDED THROUGHOUT THE COUNTRY, SO 
... CALL OR WRITE TODAY FOR FREE INFORMATION ON HOW YOU TOO 
CAN GET STARTED 
WORM ENTERPRISES INC. 
13498 IH35N. 
(512) 653-514o 
San Antonio, Texas 78233 

OIGGfS 
D A N " the 
E a rth w o rm 
Man” 

Grid coach hired 
SAN 
MARCOS 
- 
F o rm e r T exas Aggie football player 
Ja c k 
Hawthorn was hired as head football coach and athletic director of San 
Marcos High School. 
The San Marcos school board voted to grant a two-year contract to the 
39-year-old Hawthorn. 
Hawthorn has spent the last six years coaching in the Class AA ranks at 
Canadian in the Texas 
Panhandle. San Marcos com petes in 
D istrict 
32-AAA A. 
A native of Nederland, where he played high school ball for Houston 
Oiler coach Bum Phil­ lips, Hawthorn played guard for coach Bear 
Bryant at Texas A&M. 
Ags nip Rice 

HOUSTON (AP) — Texas A&M’s Mark Ross, with ninth inning relief help from John Pockrus, won his seventh game of the season Friday as the Aggies edged Rice, 4-3, in a Southwest Conference baseball game. 
With A&M leading 4-2 in the ninth. Rice scored one run on a double by Don Lewis and a single by Bob 
Burnell. With two out, Robert deLeeuw' singled 
Burnell to second. 
A&M Coach Tom Chandler then called on Pockrus who responed with a game-ending fly-out by R ic r catcher Stan Hinson. 
The Aggies took the lead with two runs in the third on back to back singles by Winston Whiddon and 
Shelton McMath, an error and a sacrifice fly. They added single runs in the fifth and sixth. 
Rice picked up a second inning run and scored again in the sixth on singles by Jeff Hays and Steve 
Buckley and an RBI groundout by Lewis. 
The victory hiked the Aggies’ season m ark to 3o-1o and their conference record to 13-3. Rice now is 12-19 for the season and 5-8 in SWC play. 

Tides and times 

T ID E S 
Port Aransas 
April 2 
April 3 
Lo 
/:2o a.m. 
Lo 
8:11a.m. 
Hi 12:16a.m. 
Hi 
1:22a.m. 
Lo 
/:21p.m. 
Lo 8:oo p.m. 
Hi 
1:o6 p.m. 
Hi 1:34 p.m. 

Pori Isabel 
April 2 
April 3 
Lo 
8:22 a m. 
Lo 9; ll a.m. 
Hi 
3:4o a.m. 
Hi 4:4o a m. 
Lo 
8:2/p m. 
Lo 9:o6 p.m. 
Hi 
4:12 p.m. 
Hi 4:33 p.m. 

SU N R IS E -SU N SE T 
April 2 
April 3 
Rise 6:23 a m. 
Rise 6:21 a.m. 
Set 6:53 p.m. 
Set 6:53 p.m. 

M M O N R IS E M O O N S E T 
April 2 
April 3 
Rise 5:3/p.m. 
Rise 6: 42 p.m. 
Set 5: ll a m. 
Set 5:52 a m. 

MOON P H A SE S 
New mlon: April 18 
F irs! quarter: April 26 
Tull moon: April 4 
Last auarter: April IO 

He replaces Pat Bless­ ing, \\ ho resigned after a four-year stint which in eluded seasons of 1-8-1, 
5-5, 8-2 and a district co­ championship, and 1-8-1 last season. 

Dyer Electronics is celebrating the Grand Opening of their new store at 49o7 Walzem Rd. Come by for extra-special discounts on everything in the store! 
UKralinear m o b 
Three-way Speaker with 12-inch woofer 
• Crossover Controls 
• Circuit-breoker 

Walzem Rd. and San Pedro 
Open Today! 
Fredericksburg Rd. closed today! 

Garrard 
775-M 
Automatic 
Changer 
Anti-skate, cueing base, cover, cartridge 

COMPLETE 

9o Minute 
8-track 
Blank 
Tapes 

NO LIMIT 

Car Stereo 
Slide 
Mounts 

CB. Radio 
Slide 
Mounts w/coaxial connections 

o H IT A C H I 
Cassette Deck with Dolby e Complete Dolby system a Locking pause a Tape Counter e Tape Selector e Model 233o a Permalloy heads 
Register for $2,ooo of stereo equipment to be given aw ay 
W i g g f rn m m MS BS rn 

CB-5o1 
4o ch. C.B. Radio w / Digital Readout 

All the most-wantei features 

San sui 

SR-222 
Belt. drive 
Turntable w/hinged cover and base. 
Cart, extra 

> 1 1 9 ” 

SA-C9o Super Avilyn 
Blank Cassettes 

S J M for State of th# Art 
Recordings 

221 
Stereo Receiver bannat, 

*98” 

Full 8 watts per channel, tope monitor, loudness 

2 yr. warranty 

HITACHI 

TRQ-276 
Portable 
Cassette Recorder 
Auto Level control, AC or DC. 
Built-in ink. 

 c r e A i G 
Powerplay 
A M /M Wreck 

Complete with Pioneer TS-16o 
Speakers and 
$ 

 c r e A J C s 
A M /F M Cassette 
Car Stereo 

Model 
3513 

6o min. 
Blank 
Cassettes 

Locking fast forward and 

Garrard 

Model 44o-M 
Fully Automatic 
Record Changer 

Complot# with base, dust cover, and Pickering magnetic cartridge 

D O K O R D E R 
Model 814o 
2/4 Channel 
ReeLtoJteel with Multi-Sync 

 e P ro fe ssio n a l m u lti-tra c k re c o rd in g s 

# S o u n d -o n -S o u n d 

# Echo 
# P erfect for stereo or fo u r-c h a n n e l 

# M o ly b d e n u m h e a d s w ith Life­ 

 tim e g u a r a n t e e 

$ 4 9 77 

COMPLETE 

_____ Your full service stereo discounter" 
{dyerjBteptyonfcstvaretn>uf^ 

LAYAW AY 
AVAILABLE O N 
ALL SALE ITEMS! 

6734 San Pedro 
828-2231 
OPEN SATURDAYS 

49o7 Walzem Rd. 
654-7222 
OPEN SATURDAYS 

4311 Fredericksburg 
733-9276 
OPEN SUNDAYS 

Page 
San Antonio EXPRESS-N EW S— Saturday April 2 1977 

B aske *! bail! 
Handball 

E A S T E R N C O N F E R E N C E 
Atlantic Division 
W v Philadelphia 
48 
Boston 
4o 
New York Knicks 
36 
Buffalo 
New York Nets 

Houston 
Washington 
San Antonio 
Cleveland 
New Orleans 
Atlanta 

Central Division 

28 
21 
I 
47 
44 
43 
41 
34 
3o 

35 
35 
43 
47 
W E S T E R N C O N F E R E N C E 
Midwest Division 
Denver 
47 3o 
D droit 
42 35 
Chicago 
4o 37 
Kansas Cliv 
4o 37 
Indiana 
33 45 
Milwaukee 
27 51 
Pacific Division 
Los Angeles 
5o 27 
Portland 
45 33 
Golden State 
43 35 
Seattle 
38 39 
Pnoemx 
31 46 
V-clinched division title 
Thursday s Gam es 
Atlanta 95, New York Nets 81 
Golden State 125, San Antonio 116 
New York Knicks 135, Indiana 131 
Denver 11o, Buffalo 95 
Friday's Gam es 
Indiana 8V, New York Nets 88 
Philadelphia 111, K an sas City 1o5, OT 
Cleveland 115, New Orleans 1o6 
Houston 91. Washington 85 
Chicago 1o7, Denver 97 
New York Knicks 116, Milw aukee 1o9 
Los Angeles 1o7, San Antonio 1o2 
Phoenix 133, Detroit 116 
Portland 1o9, Golden State 98 
Saturday's Gam es 
Milwaukee at Buffalo 
Indiana at Atlanta 
Cleveland at Houston 
Seattle at Golden State 

Pct 
.632 
.526 
.468 
.373 
.273 

.6o3 
571 
.551 
.539 
.442 
.39o 

GB 

2'. 
4 
5 
12' . 
16 

Results of the handball cham pionships played at the Central Y M C A ; Class B, city doubles — Alan 
Ferguson and Tom Crystal; Vincent P. Doherty, and Patrick C. M c C o rm ic k ; Joe M u rp h y and 
Robert Baldwin; Woody Lee and John Ktlnk Open 
Class Doubles Cham pionship — Tom W orrell and 
Dave Greathouse; Phil Trovato and Jim Roberts; 
George Ortiz and John K otem oneburger; R ay 
Gonzalez and Stan Alien. 

.61o 
.545 
.519 
.519 
.423 
.346 

.649 
.577 
.551 
.494 
.4o3 

5 
7 
7 
14' j 
IO 'i 

N A T IO N A L H O C K EY L E A G U E 
C A M P B E L L C O N F E R E N C E 
Patrick division 
W 
L 
T 
Pts 
G F 
GA 
Philadelphia 
47 
16 
IS 
1o9 
316 2o9 
N Y.Islanders 
46 
2o 12 
1o4 
28o 
186 
Ailanto 
34 
34 ll 
79 
261 
262 
N Y . 
Rangers 
29 
35 
14 
72 
269 
3o1 
Smythe Division 
St. Louis 
31 
38 
9 
W 
227 
267 
Minnesota 
23 
37 
18 
64 
235 
297 
Chicago 
26 
42 ll 
63 
238 
294 
Vancouver 
24 
41 
13 
61 
226 
285 
Colorado 
19 
45 
14 
52 
216 
298 
W A LE S C O N F E R E N C E 
Norris Division v Montreal 
58 
8 
12 
128 
374 
17o 
Los 
Angeles 
32 
31 
15 
79 
258 
235 
Pittsburgh 
32 
33 
13 
77 
232 
247 
Washington 
24 
4o 
14 
62 
22o 
294 
Detroit 
16 
53 
9 
41 
178 
3o1 
Adorns Division 
Boston 
47 
23 
8 1o2 
3oo 
233 
Buffalo 
47 
24 
7 
1o1 
293 
216 
Toronto 
33 
31 
14 
8o 
296 
277 
Cleveland 
24 
41 
13 
61 
234 
281 v-clinched division title 
Thursday’s Gam es 
Minnesota 3, Detroit I 
Los Angeles 7, Colorado 5 
Friday s Gam es 
Atlanta 6, Chicago 4 
Colorado at Vancouver 
Saturday s Gam es 
New York Ranger^ at Philadelphia, afternoon 
Boston at New York Islanders, afternoon 
Washington at Montreal 
Pittsburgh at Detroit 
Jones grabs lead 

N E W D E L H I , In d i a 
(A P) — Brian Jo n es of 
A u s t r a l i a he ld a one- stroke lead F riday atter the second round of the 
Indian Open golf tourna­ ment. 

BLL AUTO PARTS— 3 D AY 
OPENING SALE 
— 
FRI. SAT. SUN. 
APR. I -2 -3 

Minnesota at Los Angeles 
Cleveland at St. Louis 
Buffalo at Toronto 
W O R LD H O C K E Y A SSO C IA T IO N 
Eastern Division 
W 
L 
T Pts 
G F 
GA v Quebec 
45 3o 
2 
92 338 
279 
Cincinnati 
39 36 
4 
82 349 
3o5 
Indianapolis 
35 35 
8 
78 264 
292 
New 
England 
34 
39 
6 
74 27o 
281 
Birm ingham 
31 44 
3 
63 277 
293 x Minnesota 
19 18 
5 
43 136 
129 
Western Division 
Houston 
48 23 
6 
1o2 3o9 
23o 
Winnipeg 
33 3! 
2 
88 346 
272 
San 
Diego 
38 35 
4 
8o 267 
272 
Edmonton 
32 43 
3 
67 227 
294 
Calgary 
31 41 
5 
67 236 
276 
Phoenix 
27 
47 4 
58 
269 
374 x-franchise disbanded v-clinched division title 
Thursday's Gom es 
New England 6, Phoenix 2 
San Diego 4, Winnipeg 3 
Friday's Games 
Houston 5, Cincinnati 4 
Calgary 3. Edmonton I 
Saturday's Games 
Edmonton at Caloary 
New England at Indianapolis 
Quebec at Phoenix 
Cincinnati at San Diego 
Winnipeg ai Birm ingham 
Horse Hairing 

AQ UEDUCT: 
$25,ooo Mtz Clementine Handicap 
— - A ll's Trace (S3.4o), Melody M aid, Picture 
Tube. Six furlongs in 1:12. 
G A R D E N S T A T E : 
F e a tu re — G o d o lp h in 
($15.8o), Patrick’s Cham rock, Bold Legion. Six furlongs in 1:11 25. 
H IA LEA H : 
Feature — Seven Valleys (S9.8o), 
Be Victorious, P rin c e ss B la c kb ird . F iv e and one-half furlongs in 1:o2 25. 
SU N LA N D P A R K : 
Feature — P ay Toll (55.2o), 
Misty Matilda, Henna Ruler. Five ond 1-2 furlongs in 1:o6 2/5. 
Baseball 
District 29-AAA A 

L A R E D O M A R T IN I, M C C O L L U M o 
(Eight Innings) 
McCollum 
OOO OOO OO — o 
I 
2 
Martin 
OOO OOO o 1 — 
1 
4 
I 
(one out when winning run scored) 
Rolev and McDougle; 
Valdez and Gonzalez. 
W — Valdez (5 2). L — Raley (3-2). Tigers scored on two infield errors wrapped around sacrifice and passed ball before Ranchito Farias singled home 
Antonio Garibav with the run that won the game. 
Lowell W arnhoffs single only Cowboy safety. 

L A R E D O N IX O N 2, EA ST C E N T R A L I 
(Nine Innings) 
E. Central 
OOO IOO ooo — 1 
4 
2 
L. Nixon 
OOO IOO oo1 — 2 
4 
I 
Hill, Piniaczek (6) and West; Cham berlain and 
Nicholson. W — Cham berlain (4-1). L — Piniaczek 
(o-1). M ustangs scored winning run when M ike 
Luna doubled, took third on a wild pitch ond tallied when second baseman dropped pitcher Pat 
Cham berlain's snallow fly boti. 

R A IN O U T 
Horlandale at 
Judson, rescheduled 
3 p.m. 
Saturday. 
C U R R E N T ST A N D IN G S 
Laredo Nixon 4 o, Laredo" Martin and South San 
2-1, Harlandale 1-2, McCollum 1-2-1. Judson o-2, East 
Central o-2-1. 

District 3o-AAAA 
JOHN JAY 4, D E L RIO 3 
(13 Innings) 
Jay 
oo3 OOO OOO OOO I - 4 
5 
2 
DR 
OOI oo2 OOO OOO o — 3 ll 
2 
Casarez, Cordick (6) and Kearney; Natividad ond Hernandez. W -C o rd ic k (3-1). L -N a t iv id a d 
(o-1 in district). With two out in 13th, Robert 
Hurlburt singled and Woody Woodruff doubled him 
In to win game. Losing hurler Eli Natividad fanned 
26 batters. Dean David belted two-run double in third tor Jay. but D R. rallied in sixth on run- producing singles bv Louis Flores and Bill Conroy. 

K E N N E D Y 5, E A G L E PA SS 2 
Kennedy 
OOO 23o o — 5 
3 
I 
Eagle Pass 
IOO o1o o — 2 
4 
5 . 
Sanchez and Ortiz. Santova, G arcia (5). M a r ­ tinez (6) and Mancada. W — Sanchez (4-3). L — 
Santova (3-3). Sanchez had nine strikeouts for the 
Rockets. Kennedy scored its five runs in the fourth and fifth innings without the benefit of a kit. Eagle 
Pass committed four of its five errors in these innings. Rodriguez of Eagle Pass went 2-4. 

R A IN O U T S 
Holmes at 
Edgewood, rescheduled 
I p.m. 
Saturday. 
M arshall vs. Mem orial, Inselm ann Field, re s­ cheduled I p.m. Saturday. 

C U R R E N T ST A N D IN G S 
Holmes and M arshall 3-o; Del Rio, Eagle Pass, 
Jay, Kennedy, all 2-2; Edgewood and M em orial 
o-3. 

District 31-AAAA 
A LL G A M E S R A IN E D OUT 
Edison of 
Burbank, rescheduled 
I p.m. 
Saturday. 
Jefferson at Wheatley, rescheduled 1:15 p.m. 
Saturday at Jefferson. 
Lanier at 
Highlands, rescheduled 
3 p.m. 
Saturday. 
Fox Tech at Sam Houston, rescheduled 4:15 p.m. Nonday. 

District 32-AAAA 
SAN M A R CO S 3, C L E M E N S 2 
Clemens 
2oo OOO o — 2 
4 
7 
San M arcos 
IOO OOO 2 - 3 
I 
2 
(One out when winning run scored) 
Mohanev and Corbett. Quintero and Jackson". W 
— Quintero (2-1). L — M ohan ev (2-3). H R — 
Clemens, Roy Corbett, one on rn the first. Son 
M arcos scored its winning run when Ed Jackson was safe on an error, Robert Quintero was safe on on err or, Jackson scored on a two base error on the catcher when he tried to nail Jackson stealing third, and Quintero scored on a wild pitch atter advancing to third on the bod throw that scored 
Jackson. Quintero struck out IO. Scott Young got the Rattlers only hit in the sixth. 

R AIN O U T S 
Lee vs. Alam o Heights, BAC, rescheduled 4:15 p.m. Saturday. 
Roosevelt vs. Churchill, BAC, rescheduled 7:3o p.m. Saturday. 
M acArthur at Seguin, rescheduled 4:15 p.m. 
Saturday. 

13-AAA West Zone 

SOUTH SAN W EST 6, C R Y S T A L C IT Y 
I 
South San E ST 
14o OOO 
I — 6 
6 o 
Crystal City 
OOO IOO o — I 
3 5 
La Fosse, Hitchcock (7) and Rm ehard. Martinez and Trevino. W — La Fosse (5-1). L — Martinez. 
For South San West Rudv Martinez went 2-4 with I 
R B I and Art O 'N eal went 13 with I R B I. For 
Crystal City Alfonso Santos went 1-2 and knocked in the only Crystal City run. O 'Neal knocked in the first run in the second inning tor all South San 
West needed 

TIVY 8, F R E D R IC K S B U R G 5 
Kerrville Tivv 
IOO 31o 3 
— 8 
IO 
5 
Fredericksburg 
OOO 3o2 o — 5 
6 
6 
Smith, K e yse r (3), Robinson (7) and W ay. 
Kuhlmann, Grona (4) and Williams. W — Robin­ son (4-3). L — Kihlam nn (1-7). K eyser singled in the winning run in the seventh inning for Kerrville 
Tivy. 

U V A L D E 12, C A R R IZ O S P E IN G S 2 
(Six Innings, 1o-Eun Rte) 
Carrizo 
DIO o1o — 2 
2 
6 
Uvalde 
oo2 442 — 12 
8 
I 
Lozano. Marlnez (4) ond Talam antez; Sansom , 
F lo re s (6) an d N eutze. W — S a n s o m 
(6-o). 
L — Lozano (o-1 in district). H R — Carrizo Springe: 
D. Ochoo, 2nd, solo. Joe Sansom strikes out ll in 
5 
' innings. Steve Cargil 2-3 and O scar Alejandro a double as the Coyotes win their 17th straight. 

C U R R E N T ST A N D IN G S 
Uvalde 4 o, Kerrville and Southweat 3-1, South 
San West 3-2, Crystal City 2-3, Carrizo Springs and 
Fredericksburg o-4. 

St. Anthony Tourney 

 f i r s t r o u n d 
ST. A N TH O N Y 15, M A R IO N 4 

(Five Innings, 1o-Run Eule) 
Morton 
2o1 IO — 4 
o 
5 
St. Anthony 
61o 8x — IS 
IO 
2 
Aguerros ond Weirowski, Suarez (3); Colley, 
R u a n e (4) an d H e rre ra . W — C o lle y 
(1-o). 
L — Agm erros. H R — St. Anthony; D ay Villarreal 
(I), first, grand slam , Erie Grot (I), first, solo. 
Villarreal 3 4 and 5 R B Is; Henry Gonzales 3-3 and one R B I; Grot 3 R B Is and Julio G arcia 2-3 and one R B L David Colley and John Ruane combined for no hitter. Three Marion runs scored on errors and the other was walked in. 

T M I IO, C O M FO RT 9 
(Six Innings, Time Limit) 
Comfort 
2o2 oo5 - 9 
TM I 
13o 42x - IO 
W P — Foley. 
L P — Reyno. 
H R — T M I: 
David 
Anderson. Win breaks 23-game T M I losing streak going back to 1975. 
ST. ST E P H E N 12, B L A N C O ll 
Blanco 
o22 221 2 - ll 
St. Stephen 
1o2 332 I — 12 
W P — Wright. LR — Nelendez. 

SA T U R D A Y S S C H E D U L E 
(All ot St. Anthony Field) 
Comfort vs. Blanco, consolation sem is, 8:3o a m. 
Si. Anthony vs. TM I, winners' sem is, ll a m. 
Comfort Blanco winner vs. M arion consolation finals. 1:3o p.m. 
St. Anthonv-TMI winner vs. Austin St. Stephen, championship, 4 p.m. 

RA IN O U T S 
Hondo at Cole, ppd. indefinitely. 
Southside al South San JV, cancelod. 
Track 

Non-District 
G O N Z A L E S 9, K E N E m Y 8 
(Eight Innings) 
Kenedy 
o2o 4o1 1o - 8 
13 
4 
Gonzales 
oo3 113 OI — 9 
13 
I 
Kiesling, Pullin (7) and Dum ont; B ru n s and 
Wilkerson. W — B run s (22). L — Pullin. H R — K e n ­ edy: Gustafson, 2nd, one on. Gustafson 4 5 and hit for cycle, while to/ Gonzales Kenny LeP o ri also 
4-5, including two doubles. W inning run scored with two out on error by second baseman. 

JUDSON BO YS T R A C K M M E E T 
R O C K E T R E L A Y S 
High Jump: 
I. Burney Allen, Sam Houston, 6 2; 
2. Clint Sim ler, Roosevelt, 6-o; 3. Tim P ayne, 
Edgewood, 5-1o. 
Shot Put: 
I. Mortin Guerrero, Judson, 53-7; 2. 
Leroy Seidel, McCollum, 47 7 3 . Sam uel Lopez, 
Fox Tech 47 6'4. 
Discus: I. M ark Gierreri, Judson, 14o 2; 2. (tie) 
Stephen Robertson, M acArthur, and M ark Ricks, 
Roosevelt, both 137 8. 
Long Jump: 
I Joe Smith, M acArthur, 21-213, 2. 
Darnell Grant, MacArthur, 21-o; 3. David Teddor, 
MacArthur, 2o-111 v. 
Pole Vault: 
I. Robert McKee, Judson. 12-9, 2. 
Randy Fertitta, Judson, 12-6; 3. Joe V asauez, 
McCollum, 12-6. 
44o Relay: 
I. Highlands (Bradshaw , Thorton, 
Drlsdale. Dupont), 42.7; 2. Sam Houston, 42,.9; 3. 
Edgewood, 43.o. 
88o Dash: 
I. Leon Banks, Fox Tech, 1:58.1; 2. 
Robert Juarez, Judson, 1:59.5; 3. Manuel Gutier­ rez, South San, 1:59.7. 
12o Hurdles: 
I. Elm o Thorton. Highlands, 14.7; 
2. Burney Allen, Sam Houston, 14.8; 3. Lance 
Cone, MacArthur, 15.3. Joe Morrison, Sam H ous­ ton. 1o.1 ; 3. Eddie Jackson, Sam Houston, 1o.2. 
44o Dash: 
I. Walter Jam es, Fox Tech, 5o.o; 2. 
O sm undo Salas, M cCollum , 5o.o ; 3. P a u l R o ­ driguez. Jefferson, 51.o. 
33o Hurdles: 
I. Randy Middlebrooks, Judson, 
4o.5; 2. M ark H orm sbv, Sam Houston, 41.1; 3. 
Eddie Dupont, Highlands. 42.o. 
22o Dash: 
I. Ricky Tucker, Edgewood. 22.8; 2. 
Tom Vera, McCollum , 22.8 ; 3. B ruce Godley, 
Edgewood, 22.8 .. 
* 
Mile Run: 
I. D avid Collier, Sam Houston, 
4:28.9; 2. Vidal Carvaial, Judson, 4:29.7; 3. Robert 
Garcia, Fox Tech, 4:34.7. 
Mile Relay: 
I. Highlands (D. Smith, E: Dupont, 
E. Thorton, R. D rlsd ale ), 3:23.8; 2. Jetferson, 
3:26.2; 3. MacArthur, 3:29.3. 
Team Totals: 
I. Sam Houston 95, 2. Judson 73, 
3. Highlands 72' ?, 4. M acArthur 55' j, 5. Jefferson 
42, 6. McCollum 39, 7. Edgewood 38, 8. Fox Tech 
36, 9. Roosevelt 31, IO. South San 14, ll. East 
Central o. 

F IE ST A R E L A Y S 
At Alamo Stadium 
Team results: 
M acArthur 112, Roosevelt 1o2, 
Houston 95, Austin, S. F. Austin 44, East Central 
35' .’, Wheatley 3o, Judson 24, Austin Johnston 2o, 
Jetferson and McCollum (tie) 14, Lanier 8, B u r­ bank 6. Edison and South Son West (tie) 4, Corpus 
Christi Moody 3, Highlands 2, Edgewood V». 
Triple Jump — 
I. Vicky Finch, Roosevelt 33-2; 
2. Beverly Porter, M acArthur 33-o'z; 3. L 'A n n a 
Howard, M acArthur 32 ll. 
Discus — I. Gwen Wilson, Jefferson 1oo-2 (new record, old record of 98 ll set by Diana Reyes. 
South San, 1976); 2. Terry Monett, Houston 93-1; 3. 
Jacaue Odom, Roosevelt 89-11. 
Long Jump — 
I. Finch, Roosevelt 17 I; 2. 
Howard, M acArthur 16-7'2; 3. Beverly Matthews, 
Austin, S. F. Austin 16 7. 
Shot Put — 
I Odem, Roosevelt 35 7’ 2; 2. Pat 
Thom as, Houston 3 4 -6 '2 ! 3. Sheree R obinson, 
MacArthur 33-9. 
High Jump — I. (three-wav tie) Benito Cam pos, 
M cC ollum 4 8; H ow ard. M a c A rth u r 4-8; L isa 
McGarity, Houston 4-8. 
44o Relay — I. East Central (Lisa Bvrd, Alayne 
Eddington, Letticia Williams, Sheron Tibbs) 5o.o 
(ties record set bv Houston in 1976); 2. 2. Austin, 
S. F. Austin 5o.6; 3. Judson 51.1. 
44o Dash — 
I. Porter, M acA rthu r 1:o1.o; 2. 
Phyllis Davis, Houston 1:o3.o; 3. B everly C ra w ­ ford, Wheatley 1:o3.o. 
8o Hurdles — I. Sherine Taylor, Houston 11.3; 2. 
Darla Dundas, M acArthur 11.4; 3. Shirley O 'Neal, 
Houston 12.1. 
IOO Dash — 
I 
Howard, M acArthur 114 (ties record set bv Charlotte Baldwin, Houston 1976); 2. 
Tibbs, East Central 11.5; 3. Matthews, Austin, S. 
F. Austin 11.8. 
88o Dash — I. Carolyn Loper, M acA rthu r 2:29.o 
(new record, old record of 2:35.o set bv Karla 
Roben,MacArthur in 1976); 2. M iriam Ham m erle. 
Roosevelt 2:3o.o; 3. Shirley W illiam s, Houston 
2:33.5. 
22o Dash — 
I. Finch, Roosevelt 25.8; 2. Debra 
Pinnix, Houston 25.8.; 3. Letticia Williams, East 
Central 26.5. 
88o Relay — 
I. Houston (Betty Pinnix, Shirley 
O'Neal, Lisa M cGarity, Sherine Taylor) 1:48.o; 2. 
Roosevelt 1:48.3; 3. Austin, S. F. Austin 1:48.9. 
Mile Run — I. B arbara Coy, M acA rthu r 6:o1.4; 
2. Mickle Jacobo, Lanier 6:o2.o; 3. L aura A lv a r­ ado, Burbank 6:o8.1. 
Mile Relay — I. M acArthur (Beverly Porter. Lisa 
Simmons, Carolyn Loper, Darla Dundas) 4:12.9; 2. 
Roosevelt 4:17.2; 3. Austin Johnston 4:2o.3. 

A U ST IN (A P ) — Sum m aries of Frid ay s com pe­ tition in the Texas Relays 
C O L L E G E -U N IV E R S IIT Y 
Javelin— Richard George, Brigham Young, 27o-3. 
2, Scott Sorchik; Nebraska, 253-6. 3, Dennis M orris, 
McNeese, 233-11. 4, P orky Lyons, Texas, 229-9. 5, 
Robert M o uld e r, B ish o p State, 226-9. 6, B ria n 
McConnell, LSU, 224-1. 
Discus— I. Svein Walvik, Texas-EI Paso, 191-9. 2, 
Kent Gardenkrans, Brigh am Young, 191-4. 3, Art 
B u rn s, C o lo ra d o , 183-1o. 4, M a r k B a u g h m a n , 
Houston, 179-3. 5, Newt Bryson, Eastern New M e x­ ico, 176. 6, Steve Stewart, Texas A A M , 175-6. 
Sp rin t M edley R e la y — I, C k ia h o m a (W illia m 
Snoddy, John Garrison, D yrk Dahl, Randy Wilson), 
3:16.6; 2, Texas Southern 3:16.69; 3. Baylor 3:17.24; 
4, Kansas 3:19.62; 5, Howard University 3:2o.29; 6, 
Southern 3:2o.73. 
5,ooo-Meter R un — I, Stan Vernon, O klah o m a, 
14.oo.57; 2, Kip Sirm a, U T E P , 14:o1.78 3, M ik e 
Novelli, Rice, 14:o8.o4 4, Pat O Callaghan, M cNeese, 
4:o9.66 5, Lionel Orgega, New Mexico, 14:11.28 6, 
Peter Butler, New Mexico, 14:11.99. 
88o-Yard R e lay— I, A rizona Slate (G a r/ Burl, 
Tony D ard e n, G e ra ld B u rl, H e rm a n F r a z ie r ) 
1:21.66 (New R elays R ecord— old record, 1:22.1, 
Texas A & M , 197o 2, O klahom a 1:23.22 3, T e xas 
1:23.83 4. Kan sas 1:24.o2; 5, G ram bling 1:25.51 6, 
Southern 1:26.66. 
Junior College Division 
Distance Medley Relay— I. New M exico JC (Paul 
Uwadibie, Jim m y Bellah, Terry Johnson Ben Mo- kua), 1o:o8.84 2, Odess JC 1o:17.89; 3, San Jacinto 
JC IO: 19.21 4, Eastern Oklahoma State JC IO: 19.44; 
5, South Plains JC 1o:28.99 6, Bishop State JC 
1o:43.24. 

Dilley Relays 
BO YS 
Team Scoring — 
Dilley 112, Sabinal 96, St. 
Anthony 81, Poteet 73, San M arcos Academ y 57, 
Stockdale 44, Charlotte 36, Brackettville 35, N a­ talia ll. Lackland 6, T M I 6, Asherton o, Knippa o, 
Lytle o. 
Pole Vault — 
I. Tony Mendez, Dilley, 12-6, 2. 
Jordan, Poteet, 1o-6; 3. (tie) Hasseltield, SM A , and 
Peeples, St. Anthony, 1o-3. 
Discus — t. M. H aw ks, Sab inal, 138-4; 2. 
Watkins, Sabinal, 135-1; 3. Shuede, Sabinal, 133-7. 
Shot Put — 
I. W atkins, Sabinal, 48-2J<i; 2. 
Hudson, St. Anthony, 46-6J4,- 3. Horton, Sabinal, 
46 O '4. 
High Jump — I. Fuller, St. Anthony, 6 o; 2. Ken 
Mossev, Dilley, 5-1o; 3. Jordan, Poteet, 5-8. 
Long Jump — I. Tony Mendez, Dilley, 2o 7'4,- 2. 
D. Bryant, Brackettville, 19-3; 3. J. T revino, 
Dilley, 19 1 *4 . 
44o Relay — I. Dilley (J. Trevino, J. Garcia, T. 
Mendez, R. Ram irez), 45.3; 2. Sabinal, 46.3; 3. 
Stockdale, 46.7. 
88o Dash — 
I. Hastings, Stockdale, 2:o6.3; 2. 
Goodwin, SM A, 2:o6.5; 3. Briones, Poteet, 2:o8.o. 
12o High Hurdles — 
I. Jones, Brackettville, 
15.3; (record, old record 15.4 bv R. G entry, 
Jourdanton, 1972); 2. Jordan, Poteet, 16.1; 3. Wier. 
St. Anthony, 16.6. 
IOO Dash — 
I. W illiam s, Stockdale, 1o.6; 2. 
Watkins, Sabinal, 1o.7; 3. Rodriguez, Sabinal, 1o.8. 

44o Dash — 
I. Cordova, Charlotte, 51.4; 2. 
Bryant, Brackettville, 51.8; 3. Garcia, Dilley, 52.3. 

33o Intermediates — 
I. Jordan, Poteet, 41.o, 2. 
Wier, St. Anthony, 41.o plus; 3. Ram irez, millev, 
42.1. 
22o Dash — 
I. Cordova, Charlotte, 23.2; 2. 
Mendez, Dilley, 23.4; 3. Bryant, Brackettville, 23.6. 

Mile Run — 
I. Wilson, SM A, 4:36.o; 2. Clary, 
Sabinal, 4:47.4; 3. Montes. St Anthony, 4:5o.o. 
Mile Relay — I. Dilley <R Ram irez, T. Mendez, 
L. Bentencourt, Garcia), 3:36.3; 2. Poteet, 3:36.3 plus; 3. St. Anthony, 3:43.o. 
' , s 
Two-Mile Relay — 
I. San M ar cos Academ y, 
8:24.4 (record, old record 8:26.7 by Dilley, 1972); 
2. Dilley, 8:42.8; 3. Sabinal, 8:55.6. 

G IR L S 
Team Scoring — Sabinal 132, Pearsall 9o, Poteet 
8o 
Bandera 58, Natalia 34, Lackland 27, Charlotte 
24, Dilley 19' 3, Three Rivers 18, Lytle 17, Stockdale 
9, Brackettville 8, S M A 6, St. M ary s 6, T X I o. 
Discus — I. N. Farr, Sabinal, 98 IO; 2. T. Neal, 
Pearsall, 96-7; 3. Naegelin, Lytle, 93 6. 
Long Jum p — 
I. Pue nte , S a b in a l, 16 3; 2. 
Neyland. Natalia, 15-8' /; 3. Moore, Bandera, 15 7. 
High Jump — L B . Wieding, Three R ivers, 4-11; 2. 
P. Griffin, Sabinal, 4-9; 3. C. Puente, Sabinal, 4-7. 
Triple Jump — I. Nann, Charlotte, 34 7'z; 2. P. 
Griffin, Sabinal, 33-1oJ4; 3. Neyland, Natalia, 33-3' j. 

Shot Put — I. S. Sale, Lackland, 33-6'3 ; 2. Nogelin, 
Lytle, 33-4; 3. (tic) L. Eobbins, Bandera, and J. 
Goodail, both 32-2' ?. 
44o Relay — 1. Sabinal, 52.1; 2. Pearsall, 52.5; 3. 
Natalia, 54.9. 
88o Dash — 
I. M a n n , C h a rlo tte , 2:32.o; 2. 
Schaefer, Sabinal, 2:33.o; 3. Wever, Sabinal, 2:34.o. 
88o Relay— 1. Sabinal, 1:49.3; 2. Poteet, 1:52.o; 3. 
Pearsall, 1:52.3. 
IOO Dash — I. Simmons, Poteet, 12.1; 2. R ich ard ­ son, Pearsall, 12.2; 3. Gulley, Pearsall, 12.2 plus. 
44o Dash — 1. Trevino, Pearsall, 63.4; 2. Ram os, 
Poteet, 64.7, 3. Bracewell, Poteet, 66.1. 
8o H urdles — 
1. P rik ry l. P e a r s a ll! 11.4; 2. 
Flemming, Bandera, 11.5; 3. Griffin, Sabinal, 11.7. , 
22o Dash — 1. Eam os, Poteet, 27.5; 2. Gonzales, 
Dilley, 28.o; 3. Mondaaue, Bandera, 28.4. 
Mile Run — I. Long, Pearsall, 5:4o.4; 2. Walker, 
Poteet, 5:41.5; 3. Breezinski, Sabinal, 5:52 4. 
Mile Relay — I. Sabinal, 4:16.3; 2. Poteet, 4:17.2; 
3. Bandera, 4:29.2. 

Irwin leads 

ASSOCIATED PRESS 

G REENSBO RO , N.C. — Hale Irwin, one of the gam e ’s most feared competitors, birdied the final hole for a six-under-par HH that put him in a three-way tie for the lead Friday in the second round of the $235,ooo Greater Greensboro Open Golf Tournament. 

“ I think I’m starting to get tho hang of things,” said Irwin, a former U.S. 
Open ch a m pion who. at one time or another, has been in the title hunt in e a c h of his l a st two starts. 
He shared the top spot with a p a i r of r a p id ly - i m p r ovin g non-winners, 
D a n n y 
E d w a r d s a n d 
Larr y Nelson. All were at 
136. eight under p ar for two trips over the hilly, 
6.984-yard F o r e s t O a k s 
Country Club course. 
T h e s l i g h t l y - b u i l t , b a l d i n g 
N e l s o n , who didn’t take up golf until he was 22, also had a 66 that c o u l d h a v e bee n much, much better. E d ­ wards, who has finished 
2oth or better in all but one start this year, shot another 68 in the warm , sunny weather. 
It was two strokes back to Itik M a s s e n g a l e , the 
Bob H o p e w in n e r, who had a 67 for 138, and two m o r e to b i g 
G e o r g e 
Burns, 72-14o, 
And y B e a n , the first- r o un d l e a d e r , s l i p p e d from an opening 67 to 76 and fell seven shots back at 143. 
S l u m p - r i d d e n J o h n n y 
Miller, who has finished only two tournaments all y e a r , s t r a i n e d his left w r i s t c o m i n g out of a bunker on the ninth hole a nd w i t h d r e w a f t e r a h o r r e n d o u s 42 on that side. 

DANNY EDWARDS trap Friday blasts from sand 

AP WIREPHOTO 

Halelrwin 
Danny Edwards 
LarryNelson 
R ik Massengale 
GeorgeBurns 
EdSneed 
GilMorgan 
AndvNorth 
Grier Jones 
KenStiH 
RogerMaltbie 
Peter Jacobsen 
BillKratzert 
GeorgeCadle 
AndyBean 
Miller Barber 
JohnLister 
JohnSchlee 
AIGeiberger 
BobbvWalzel a-GaryHallberg 
BobGildcr 
MikeHill 
RayFlovd 
EdDoughertv 
MikeMor lev 
Randy Ersk me 
BobZender 
JohnGentile 
PeterOosterhuis 
JimSimons 
JimMasserio 
BillMallon 
RodCurl 
GaryPlaver 
GeneLittler 
GrahamMarsh 
LeonardThomoson 
Bob Dickson 
TomJenkins 
Terry Diehl 
DaveEichelberger 
BillvCasDer 
FuzzyZoeller 
BobGoalbv 
MikeMcCullough 

7o-66— 136 
63-68-136 
7o-66-136 
7’ 67— 138 
68 72— 14o 
73 68— 141 
71 7o-141 
77-69— 141 
72-7o— 142 
74-68— 142 
72-7o— 142 
72-7o-142 
72-71 — 143 
7469— 143 
67 76-143 
72-71-143 
75-68-143 
71 72-143 
71-72— 143 
73-7o-143 
73-71-144 
72-72-144 
73-71 — 144 
73-71 — 144 
7569— 144 
5-7o— 145 
75 7o-145 
72-73-145 
72 73-145 
71 74— 145 
73-72-145 
74-71 — 145 
69-76-145 
74 71-145 
71 74-145 
78-67— 145 
77-68-145 
74 71 — 145 
73-72-145 
73-72— 145 
74 71-145 
75-71-146 
73-73-146 
72 74-146 
75-71-146 
7? 74— 146 

Vincente Fernandez 
73-73— 146 
MarkAlwin 
72-74— 146 
BillRogers 
73-73— 146 
DaleDouglass 
72- 74— 146 
SteveMelnyk 
75-71— 146 
TommyAaron 
74 72— 146 
J im De nt 
74-72— 146 
LeeElder 
74 72— 146 
JerryMcGee 
73-73— 146 
J im Knoll 
73-74— 147 
BobWynn 
72-75— 147 
GayBrewer 
74-73— 147 
ButchBaird 
7o77— 147 
VicRegalado 
74-73— 147 
JimJamieson 
73-74— 147 
JavHaas 
76-71 — 147 
GeorgeJohnson 
7869— 147 
JimColbert 
74 73— 147 
GeorgeArcher 
75-72— 147 
BobE.Smith 
74-73— 147 
Tom Kile 
7671-147 
KermitZarlev 
7968— 147 
HowardTwitty 
74 73— 147 
EdSabo 
75-72-147 

Failed to Quality 
OrvilleMoodv 
7672— 148 
MikeReid 
74 74— 148 
Mark Lye 
73 75— 148 
TomPurtzer 
76 72— 148 
GarvGroh 
73-75— 148 
CaivlnPeete 
74-74— 148 
Chichi Rodriguez 
77-71— 148 
TommvMcGinms 
74 74— 148 
PhilHancock 
78 7o— 148 
MikeWalters 
7672-148 
ForrestFezler 
74-74— 148 
TomWeiskoof 
74 74— 148 
MarkPfeil 
74 75-149 
FredMorti 
7671— 149 
AlanTaoie 
76 73— 149 
MorrisHatalskv 
74-75— 149 
Carlton While 
7574— 149 
DonBies 
74 75— 149 
GibbvGilbert 
7674— 149 
JC. Snead 
74-75— 149 
Johnny Jacobs 
7574— 149 
FrankBeard 
78-71 — 149 
DaveHill 
78-71— 149 

/★converse' 
ALLSTAR 

THE $i9,5 
SHOE 

 f 

L E IS l R E S P O R T 

 now s t o w s 
J U V S I. M ARY'S 
TREE PA HK I S C ll I I H Pl RCII ISE 

Bolt 

T O U R N E Y P O ST P O N E D 
The second annual Irene Hoffman Tourney at 
B ra c k e n rid g e w as postponed F r id a y by the weather and has been rescheduled M a y 6. 
A LA M O CITY G A. 
The Alam o City Golf Association will hold its weekly tournam ent at ll a.m. Su n d a y at the 
Brackenridge Course. 

KRACO CB 

 with AM/FM STEREO RADIO 
MOUNTS IN DASH 

The KC8-237o CB with AM/FM/Stereo Radio. Convertible for In-dash and Under dash use, other features include: CB 
Features: Solid state design; 23 channel Phase-lock Loop 
Integrated Circuit Controlled Synthesizing Circuit; Built-in automatic modulation control circuit; Detachable Dynamic 
Microphone; Squelch Control; CB/Rodio selector switch; 
Transmit indicator lamp. Radio Features: AM/FM Multiplex stereo radio; Integrated Circuitry; 4 watts per channel oudio output; 12 volt DC negative ground; Full range Tone 
Control; AM/FM selector switch; FM Stereo indicator lamp; 
Antenna trimmer. 

23 CHANNEL 

Sugg. Ret. 339.95 

$99» » 

WHILE THEY LAST 
IDLAND 

Sugg. Ret. 231.95 f99" 
WHILE THEY LAST 

23-CHANNEL, FULL-POWER CB BASE STATION IN SLIM-LINE FULL-MOLDED 
CABINET. Full legal 4 .o watt output pow er transmitter. D ual conversion receiver with tuned 
RF stage, A G C , variable squelch/PA. Instrument style S / R F O meter, TX light. Hi-filter, and e x ­ ternal C B switches. O perates on 115-volt A C or 12-volt D C, positive or negative ground, 
4 3/4” h. x I I 'A ’ w. x 8 V z " d. W ith mic., pow er cords. 

MIDLAND 
MODEL 
IDLAND 

SUGG. RETAIL $259.95 

NO W 

9 9 

WHILE THEY LAST 

23-CHANNEL REMOTE FULL-POWER CB MOBILE. M o du lar design puts C B circuit black b o x " out of sight in trunk, under seat or on firewall. Com pact control heat with 23-channel selector dial, S / R F O meter, pow er and PA/est. CB switches is easily rem ovable. Mic. holds volume and variable squelch controls. Full legal pow er transmitter. Dual conversion receiver with built-in A N L . "O m n i-P o w er.” Includes 2o-ft. aircraft-quality cable. 

A 

Taylor champ 

Continued from Page IC 
California to play in the Northern Cal Medal Plav 
Tournament. I won that last year.” 
I ay lor, who has played in four AGT tourneys, had six birdies and three bogeys in Friday’s final round. 
He birdied the fourth sixth, eighth, ninth. 13th and 
15th holes. He bogeyed the third. 1oth and 16th. 
“ I sank a 12-foot putt on four, a 2o-footer on eight and a two-footer on nine,” Taylor explained. “ I sank a shortie on 13and made a 15-footer on 15. My bo­ geys, well, I missed a three-foot putt on the third hole, came up short on the 1oth and missed another three-footer on 16. 
Taylor, who was one of the co-leaders after the first round with a 68, shot a 74 Thursday. 
“ I just did not hit the ball very well,” Taylor said, trying to explain his problems Thursday. “ I had four bogeys and did not get a birdie until the last hole. 
"I really don’t know what the problem was. I just did not hit the ball. But I knew I was close enough to stay in the race.” 
Taylor, who plans to go back oh the PCA tour next month, said Friday’s wet conditions did not bather his game. 
“ I like it much better when the greens are soft,” he said. “ Thursday, nothing was sticking on the greens at all.” 
Carter, a 23-year-old from Dallas who shared the lead after the opening round and was alone on top after two rounds, blamed a faulty driver and some errant putts for his demise. 
“ I just did not hit the ball too well today.” Carter said. “ I must have missed IO greens. Then, I missed a bunch of short putts. That will mess you un every time. 
“ Funny, I made a 45-footer on the eighth hole and eagled the ninth, but I did not see another bird after that.” 
The AGT tour moves to Lakeway next week. 

A M E R IC A N G O L F T O U R 
Final Scores and M o n e v-W in n in g s 
21o 
— Steve T aylor, 68-74-68; 
F ra n k C onner, 7o-71-69; Jo h n 
Cutshall, 73 69-68. Taylor won playoff on second hole for S4,ooo first prize; Conner and Cutshall each won $1,7oo. 
Lee C arter Jr ., 68-71-75; Arnold Salinas, 71-69-74, $1,125 

San Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS-— Saturday April 2 1977 
H 

214 each. 
215 
216 
217 

$2o°° 

Bucks 
OFF 

 m Exclusive SAFE-T-TIP1M prevents kickback, keeps you m control 
• Powerful 1 9 cu in engine 

 m Lightweight — 7.3 lbs * 
,1 4 Power Tip B a r,M 
■ Deluxe cushioned handle bar 

 m Two triggers — one for big jobs like firewood, one for little jobs like pruning 

-AND 

WITH EACH SAW 
RECEIVE A h o m e l it e 

* 1 ? 
Huck 

IftMMlciitterk 
Kit FREE 
SALE ENDS WED., APRIL 6TH 

 a c m e r e n t r it e a a a r e n t -r it e 
8331 B RO AD W AY 
2 6 14 M OSS ROCK 
8 2 8 o 6 76 
341-6224 

RENTALS • SALES • WARRANTY SERVICE 

— Ken C o d y 72-75-68, $94o. 
— Bobby Clark, 72-74 7o; Steve Sh ive rs, 71-73-72, $83o each. 
- M ick Soli, 73-72-72; Bob H oyt, 68-79-7o; D uke B u tle r, 
69-75-73; Rocky Thompson, 7o-73-74, Don Johnson, 69-77-71, $64o each. 
218 
— Bill Schwenneker, 72-75-71; D e ray Sim on, 7o-75-73; Tom 
Sargent, 73-75-7o; Kurt Cox, 73-71-74: G a ry V an ier, 69-78-71, $482 each. 
219 — Lan e Fow ler. 69-76-74, $42o. 
22o — Lars Jacobsen, 75 73-72; Bob Betlev, 74-72-74; Je ff Thom as, 
73-72-75; Ken Ellsw orth, 71-76-73; Jim Zim m erm an , 7o-73-77; Bubba 
W alker, 74-74-72. $35o each. 
221 
— Johnny Dill. 72-72 77: Jim m y Pow ell, 72-76 73, $285 each. 
222 — D ave Shipley. 72-81 69; Chuck M oran, 76-71-75; Bob Risch, 
76 73-73. S26o each. 
223 
— Jim M undell, 72-74 77; Bob Klein Jr ., 74-77 72, $235 each. 
224 
— R ay 
C a rrasco , 73-78-73; A m e D okka, 79 73-72; 
Rusty 
Whigham, 75-78 71 ; Ja c k Spradlin, 79-72 73; G uv Cullins, 77-73-74; 
Jim Barker, 7o 76-78; L a rry Turner. 7o-79-75, $19o each. 
225 
— Tom Tatum , 71-76-78; M ick ey Pie rso n , 
77-75-73; Jo h n 
Fidler, 77-72-76; Doug Higgins, 79-75-71 ; John Adam s, 7o 8o-75, $15o each. 
226 — Phil Haltom Jr ., 75-72 79; Rick Cole, 71-77-78; M ike Boonev, 
76 77-73; C esar Sanudo, 72-78 76. $125 each. 
227 
— G reg Donna, 74-77 76; Ron C ham berlain, 
77-79-71, Andy 
Boyd, 75 77-75; M ark Aebli, 71 82-74; Sale Om ohundro, 74-76-77, $4o each. 
228 
— Dean M ay. 74 81-73; G e rry Goss. 77-79 72; 
Ben Lanlz, 
75-78-75; P a u l W ise , 76-76-76; Jim M c A n a llv , 73-79-76; 
L y n n 
M cSh errv, 77-77-74; Pat O 'Donnell, 76-69 73; 
Dick O rr, 77-74-77; 
D ave Brownlee, 75 79-74; Rusty K irsh n e r, 75-76-77. 
229 — Jim M ackak, 81-7o-78. 
23o — John Jodlow ski, 75-79-76; M ills Brow n, 72-82-76; E d Sm ith, 
77 78-75; Kim W ilbrecht, 78-76 76 
231 
— J e r r y M oody, 79-74-78; Doug R ig h te r, 8o-75-76; H a r r y 
Spencer, 75-81-75; G reg Antunes- 78-79 74; B ill Fo il, 73-82-76; B ill 
Teosdall, 82-78-71; Stanley Venezia, 74-83-74; Lee W illiam s, 75-81-75; 
Jim Placek, 75-76-8o. 
232 — Bill Butler, 78-75-79. 
233 — Andy Sheen, 78 8o 75; Dan Pro cto r, 79-77-77; Scott W hitm an, 
77-8o-76; Dale William son, 77 82-74; Van G illen, 79-75-79. 
234 
— Roy Strate, 76 79 79; Dan Sm ith, 75 78-81; D avid Vincent. 
77-79-78; Scott G re e r, 76 84-74; L a r r y Box, 79-8o 75; .Jo h n C hu rch, 
76-77 81. 
235 
— Allen G re g o ry, 81-79-75, Bob L an e, 79-73-83; M ik e Zinni, 
73-/9*83 
236 — Donald Blanks, 81-79 76; Jo h n F e rra ra , 79 8o 77. 
237 — G ary Jacobson, 82-76-79; Bob W alk er, 82-78-77; M ax Tenorio. 
78 77-82; M ike W inter, 74-81 82. 
238 
— Don Hawken, 81-75-82; Bobby D ay. 86-81-71; P a u l C arlile, 
79-81-78; Jesus Ram irez, 75-78 85. 
239 — Bob M ayer, 83-77-79; Conrad N ilm eier, 81-78-8o. 
24o 
— R an d y W e a v e r. 81-8o 79; Ira F a ir , 8o-82-78; Ron P itts , 
81-81-78 
241 — Scott Cain, 79-85 77; Scott H a rrig e r, 83-77-81. 
242 — Dan Taylor, 77-84 81. 
243 — G ary Henson, 78-83-82; Pete K rause. 81-8o-82. 
246 — Bucky Avers, 82-/9-85; Je r r y H all, 75-87 84. 
26o — Dave Feld. 9o 82 88. 
262 — Doug Fitch, 9o 89-83; Jim Sharp, 89-85-88 
269 — Pat Callahan, 89-89-91. 
D isqualified 
— L e s M ac k e v. 7o 78; B ill B a m b a n , 79 84; B ru c e 
Jacobson, 81 8o; Ken B a n k e r, 78 82; Doug B ro w n , 8o-79; R ob e rt 
George, 79-82; Chip Slavin, 86-74; Nick Hahn, 8o-77; Bob H a rw e ll, 
79 77; Jodv Richardson, 78 78; Robert Sn yder, 78 79; Scott Spence, 
79 79; Pat M cC leary, 79 79; M arsh Sh u m ak er, 81-82; Thom as San- derlin, 83 89; Jim Lubv, 79-78; Tim Little, 77-81. 

Bears romp 

WACO (A P) - Mike 
Czimskey and Shane No­ len, who had two home runs apiece, each belted roundtrippers in the eighth inning Friday to pace Baylor to a 15-8 
Southwest Conference baseball victory over 
Houston. 
Baylor hitters belted four home runs in the eighth to break an 8-8 tie to give the Bears a 2o-8 season record and a 5-5 conference tally. 
Burl Coker. 4-3, was credited with the victory while Mark Billingsley, 
1-1, was tagged with the loss. 
Gary Weiss had a homer and a double and drove in five runs for the 
Cougars whose season slate is now 2o-7-1 while their SWC record is 7-5-1. 

Houston 
oo2 1oo 14o— 8 11 2 
Baylor 
o1o 42o 17x— IS 19 I 
Lukish. B illin g s le y (6 ), Rupp 
(8) and A b en d ro th . B ic k h a m , 
C o k e r 
(7 ) an d 
C z im s k e y . 
W —Coker, 4-3. L —Billingsley, 1-1. 
H R — H ou ston , W e is s ; B a v lo r , 
Czimskey (2), Nolen (2). M acko, 
Connolly. 
Frogs hop 

KORT WORTH (AP) - 
.Jimmy Lassiter drove in two of Texas Christian's four fourth inning runs 
Friday as the Horned 
Frogs downed Arkansas 
5-2 in a Southwest Con­ ference baseball game. 
TCC is 16-17-1 for the season and 6-9-1 in con­ ference action. 

A rk a n sas 
OOI OOO o1o— 2 3 I 
TCU 
OOO o41 OOx— 5 8 2 
A n d e rs o n , 
A s b lll 
(6 ) an d 
Hem m . Be n ed ict and Rosellim . 
W P —Benedict, 6-3. LP-Anderson, 
4-2. 
H R —Lollar, 
Arkansas. 
A — IOO. 

B y e, 
•Joe 
Continued from Page IC 

 him.” Ward said. 
“ The owners of the Jets are deeply grateful to Joe for his out­ standing and unmatched contributions to the New York Jets football team. Joe has been a great asset and inspiration to all of us, to the fans and to the city of 
New York. We wish him the best of everything in his future endea­ vors.” 
Walt Michaels, new head coach of the Jets said: 
“ Joe Namath is one of the finest quarterbacks to play the game and I ’ve been around some 26 years and seen a lot of them in­ cluding playing with Otto Gra­ ham. Joe has one of the best arms ever seen in the game. I wish him only the best.” 
The move clears the way for 
Namath to join the Los Angeles 
Rams and ends an ll-year run in 
New York for the charismatic quarterback. Namath’s business representative, attorney .Jimmy 
Walsh, has held lengthy talks with the Rams, a team his client has 
Often expressed a desire to join. 
For Namath, the road to the 
Rams starts with the NFL waiver list. The 33-year-old quarterback can be claimed by any other NFL club with the selection rotation order based on last year’s final standings. As a veteran, however, 
Namath can reject any claim and thereby become a free agent, signing with the team of his choice. 
That team will be Los Angeles and there have been reports that he already has agreed to a $156,(11)1) contract to play for the Rams. 
He led the Jets to the A FL championship and into Super 
Bowl III against Baltimore. 

A yala steals show 

S P EC IA L T O TH E EXPR ES S 
HONOLULU — San Antonian s 
Sammy Ayala and Albert Favella both won matches in the National Golden 
Gloves tournament here Friday. 
Ayala won a decision over Danny 
Trusel of Detriot. Mich., to advance to the semifinals in the light welter­ weight elasi-N. Ayala had beaten Crhis 
Linson of Santa Fe. N.M., and Kcun 
Wages of Washington LUU. Thursday 
Favella moved into the quarterfinal round with a decision over Oscar De­ 
Leon of Grand Rapids, NJich., in a bantamweight match Favella won a decision over Eddie Romero of Utah 
Thursday. 
B ase b all 

S O U T H W E S T 
U M P I R E S 
B A S E B A L L 
A S S O C IA T IO N 
The S W B U A will have a m eeting a l M cCollum 
High School Sunday of 7; 3o a m. All m em bers a re urged to attend. 
S A A L L S T A R S 
The San Antonio Ail Star team, com posed of 13 and 14 year old boy met a M exico O lm eca Leagu e team in Mexico City F rid a y and lost 4 3 The team win rem ain in M exico City tor the next six days, 
Liq the Mexico City team each day piaVt^g 
Shooting 

C L O V E R L E A F G U N C L U B 
The Cloverleaf Gun Club will host the biggest turnout of the year at Pershing F irin g R an ge with a register 27oo N R A 9oo H ardball on Sa tu rd ay ond 
Sundov starting at 8:3o a .rn 
Auto Hoeing 

MHM,FT ( LUB RACE 
The Lone Star Quarter M idget Club will sponsor the Invitational Easter R ace at Com anche P a rk . 
Time trials and heats will be held Satu rd ay from 8 a m. to 8 p.m. The moms will be held on Sundov at 
9 am. There io no charge for adm ission. 
Horse H aring 

L O U IS IA N A D O W N S : 
Featu re — M r. G enius 
($7), Roaring Star, Furnished Hopes. 6 furlonge in 
1:12.4. 

**> imp 
4CT 
- 
>-vr iMHWlr #*• mg 

. 
, . *\? 
' 
. 
*■ 8 •„ i»v.4gfp 
■iii rn 
FRAN K CO N N ER lines up putt Friday 

PHOTO BY TARKY TARSIKES 
Astros slip by Rangers 

COLUMBUS, Ga. (A£) — .Joaquin Andujar and 
Dong Konieczny combined to pitch a four-hitter as the Houston Astros defeated the Texas Rangers 1-o 
Friday in exhibition baseball. 
Andujar permitted one infield single the first five innings and Konieczny allowed three hits in the last four innings. 
Wilbur Howard’s infield hit scored Roger Metzger from third base with the game’s only run in the sixth inning. Metzger opened the inning with a triple. 
Losing pitcher Tommy Boggs threw a no hitter for five innings but allowed three hits in the sixth. Paul 
Lindblad and Bobby Cuellar held the Astros without a run the final three innings. 
Friday's contest opened a five-game exhibition series between the two clubs. Other games are scheduled in Baton Rouge, La., Tulsa, Okla., 
Oklahoma City and San Antonio. 
Reds ax White Sox 
SARASOTA, Fla. (AP) — .Jack Billingham stopped the Chicago White Sox on three hits in the first six innings he worked Friday and home runs by 
Ray Knight and Bill Plummer enabled the Cincin­ nati Reds to score a 5-2 exhibition baseball victory. 
Billingham, the winner, gave up two Chicago runs in the seventh on three singles and a walk. 
The Reds jumped on loser Steve Stone for four of their five runs. .Joe Morgan's sacrifice fly knocked in the first, Plummer smashed a solo homer in the third, Knight hit another homer with a man on in the fourth, and Cesar Geronimo’s second double set up a run off Bruce Oui Canton in the eighth. 
Brian Downing singled in one Chicago run in the seventh and the other scored while Bob Coluccio bounced into a double play. 
Linescores 

Muldowney d rag time 

Top fuel dragster driver Shirley Muldowney will take on funny car champion Raymond Beadle in three heads-up duels Saturday night at Alamo 
Dragway. 
The first, fastest and only wonjan dragster driver challenges the Blue Max to the best two of three runs, beginning at 8:3o p.m. 
Muldowney, winner of many national events, recently won the 1977 National P.R O. race with an elapsed time of 5.79 seconds at 252.1o mph. on the quarter-mile strip. 
The grudge match is the first of three sponoored in the Amalie Pro Challenge ‘77 to determine which one is the top quarter-mile driver. Eliminations begin at 
7 p.m. at the dragway, which is located fives miles south of Interstate 416 on the Poteet Highway. 

COMPLETE 
CB RADIO SERVICE 

WF SERVICE ALL M A K IS 
CB RADIOS A ACCtSSORieS ■ 

• Warranty Station— Most Major trands 

• First Class K C licensed Technicians 

• Latest 23 I 4o chn!. AM SSB/Mobile Test 
Equipment 

• 24 hr. Repairs in Most Cases 

Visit Any Store 

• or Coll... 
3 4 9 - 4 4 6 5 
Communications,Etc. 

At Daytona Beach, Fla. 
M innesota (A ) 
o2o o11 2oo— 6 9 1 
M ontreal (N ) 
OOO OOI 3oo— 4 12 o 
Paz ik . Sc h u e le r (5 ), M a y (8) and B o rg m a n n , W v n e g a r (8 ); 
Bro w n , K e rrig a n (6), A tkinson 
(8 ), C a r r o ll (9 ) an d F o o te . 
W —S c h u e le r . 
L — B r o w n . 
H R s —M innesota, B isie, K u sick ; 
Montreal, Parrish . 

At Sarasota, Fla. 
Cincinnati (N ) 
1o1 2oo o1o— 5 8 2 
Chicago (A ) 
» OOO OOO 2oo— 2 8 I 
Billin g h am . C ald w ell (SS ana 
Plum m er . Stone, Dal Canton (6), 
M a r tin e z 
(9 ) an d D o w n in g , 
W —B illin g h a m . 
L — S to n e . 
H R s —Cincinnati, 
Plum m er, 
Knight. 
TOKYO 
HOUSE 
SPECIAL 

Vt PRICE 
MASSAGE 

FREE SAUNA 

ESCORT . 
AVAILABLE 
732-3361 
4218 BLANCO 

At Colum bus, Ga. 
Houston 
OOO IOO ooo— 1 5 o 
Texas 
OOO OOO ooo— o 4 o 
A n d u ia r, K o n ie cz n y (6) and 
H e rro n n ; B o g g s, L in b lo d (7 ), 
Cuellar (9) and Sundberg, Fahey 
(9). 
W-—Anduiar. 
L —Boggs. 
A —1,o25 

At Bradenton, Fla. 
K an sas City 
o51 2oo 13o— 12 12 2 
Pittsburgh 
111 12o 3oo— 9 13 2 
Colborn, Litten (7). G u ra (8) and M artinez, Patchin (8 ); C an­ d e laria, Jo n e s (4 ), F o rs te r (8) and D y e r, O tt (8 ). W - L it t e ll. 
L — F o r s te r . H R S — M a y b e r r y , 
Parker, Zdeb. 

At W est P alm Beach Fla. 
Richm ond ( IL ) OOI OOI o1o— 3 13 3 
Atlanta (N ) 
11o 2oo o4x— 8 12 2 
Davev, M ahler (5), M cW illiam s 
(8) ano B e n e d ic t;M e s s e rs m ith , 
C a p ra 
(9 ) an d 
C o r r e l! 
W —M essersmith. L —D avev. 

At St. Petersburg, Fla. l l In nin gs 
Philadelphia <N) OOO OOO OOI o1— 2 
5 I 
St. Louis (N ) OOO OOO IOO oo— 1 5 I 
Lerch, M cG raw (7), Reed (8), 
B ru s s ta r (9 ), G a rb e r ( I ) and 
Boone; Falcone, D Acauisto (6), 
Hroboskv (8), C a rro ll ( l l ) and 
Sim m o n s , 
R a d e r 
(7 ). 
W —Brusstar. L —Carroll. 

Swim meet set 

Masters 
Swimming 
Meet, for men and wo­ men over 25 years old, will be held this weekend at the Alamo Heights pool. Action starta at 2 p.m. Saturday and re- sumee at 16 a.m. Sunday. 

SIZES ARE BROKEN, BUT INCLUDES 

OUR FAMOUS RANGE, FROM 38-6o IN 
REGULARS, LONGS, EXTRA-LONGS, 
PORTLY, SHORT PORTLY,LONG PORTLY. 
SLACKS 
1/2 

 selected groups price 
JACKETS 
Viprice 

LIMITED QUANTITIES all-weather types. 
17.99-2889 
Were 35.oo up 

OUTERWEAR 

JACKETS 

 famous make 
SUITS some w/vests 
$59 
Were 1oo.oo - 12o.oo 
W 
W 
$69 
Were 125.oo- 14o OO 
W 
W 
.’79 
‘89 

Were 145. Qo_ 16o.oo. 

Were 16 5 oo-175.oo 

Were 185.oo up 
$99 
LEISURE 
SUITS 

Were 59.5o to 25o.oo $29479 

LONG SLEEVE DRESS 
& SPORT 
SHIRTS v2 *789 

• NO ALTERATIONS 

• ALL SALES FINAL 

• SHOP THURSDAYS 1o-8 
OTHER W EEKDAYS&SATURDAYS 
1o:oo to 5:3o 

4515 FREDERICKSBURG ROAD-MAJOR CREDIT CARDS- 734-72o9 - 

P a g e 
6 - 
San Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— Saturday April 2 1977 
Businesses remodel 

Wintertime remodel- 
Walk are coming to corn­ ing projects for busi- pletion in time for the nesses on the 
River peak visitor season. 

2222 IM. ALAM O at BRO ADW AY r 

KM AC - K ISS present 

* C B O B 

S t ll £ and the 
^ Y 
S IL V I ^ Bd l i j j 
\ 

TSOTT 

11:15-1:o5-2:5o-4:35 
6:25-8.1o-1o:oo 

 bus KINS 
- cotnplrrmnl 
STARZ 

Xii'.; ti)‘ mtiu iii 

( lid vt\ n '.iiiiK 

 wr* 

AM 18 WHEEL TRUCKER 
...he’s got a CB radio and a hundred friends twho just might get mad! 

“ LEGS 
DIAMOND” 

E R I I ) A V , Apt 11 (Sill 
7: 3o PJP. 1 

San Antonio 
Municipal Auditorium 

Tickets: Joske’s .lielow the Belt, 
Record Hole .Recotdland 
San Marcos: Discovery Records 
• 
Austin: Inner Sanctum 

COM ING! 

GARY WRIGHT----- 
STARCASTLE 

APRIL 24th, Municipal Auditorium 

In 1943, sixteen German paratroopers landed in England. 

In three days they almost won the War. 

SM tf« £MI> fM USa&«HB SHIHWl MIMS fOttHfTS IJK! KMM MM WHI .ID ’MNC1W* ar. MICHAEL CAINE BONAID SUTHERLAND ROBERT DUVALL 
"THE EAGLE HAS LANDED"* w M 'W IH awm Pl IMMC! u r w e n u JUkHtMP SH8M8IR IMH 
I id d v u a n u m a wMuwacp ^smsimpw iwHMUJtiH m UWnT nRblVIRtV bm* 
■B.UMsmui awhiMHMMifwc; 
1*1, Wftfk ..mu awol a ■; 
MM HWU JU ton.. JIM SIMIS iu n * m ' I 
*M 
BM** " J J 

N O R T H S T AR 

1 2 :2 o -2 :4 o -5 : o o 

7 :2 o -9 : 4 o 

C E N T U R Y S O H U 

1 2 :o o -2 :3 o -5 : o o 

7 :3 o - 1 o : o o 

Express-News Want Ads 225-1666 

(H B P 
"CAMI!" 
I W O Q K M 4 -6 :3O -1 o t 1Q 

12 *4 5 -4 s3 o -4 :2 o 
IF YOO ATE GOT 
A TASTE FOR TERROR 

Most extensive of the renovations was at Tra- veLodge at Courthouse 
Square. Sales Manager 
Ronnie Wagner calls the results “ Our New Look.” 
The motif is still Span­ ish, hut from the res­ taurant to the guest rooms there have been major changes. 

The restaurant has a new menu accenting 
Mexican foods, and co­ lorful papier madre flower arrangements now adorn the walls and hang from the ceiling. 

Additional merchan­ dise, in the form of arts and crafts items, has been added to the hotel’s 
El Mercado gift shop. 
For several months the 
Kangaroo Court has been carrying on a total re­ modeling program. 
While the finishing touches are yet to come, the transformation is nearly complete. 
Most apparent changes include the addition of booths inside, and a massive wooden bar in the center of the restaur­ ant. 

 ftatwt • Ast** o*hr—I I 
F—Hmm • €■»»— 
CHARLES 
BRONSON 
CHINO 

 m r m l i d ; 

:oo P.M.I 
ST 

 n u mip.N. 
• v a ll OM IS-} 3o4 45 

" M M M " 13 3o-3457 oo-1o1o 
APU AN sr 
HWY WVK AT So 
434*7)51 

 a « O M T : 1 5 l « : 3 4 ane t uMtr 

 ft VI ,1 V Kit \ t ill iv (.',171 17 

NO HA..T MOU* 
IT COULD BE TOMORROW. 
“Black Sunday” 

 i*INP»OW FAH* MALI 
1:5o-4:25 
7:oo-9:35 

HILD OVER — FINAL WEIK 

ACADEMY 
AW ARD 
TOR 
BEST 

ORIGINAL SONG. 
“A STAR 

\ tx Vt /I M KU Al HI l> GSL It \l I 

JULIE CHRISTIE CARRIES THE 

I tV .n S W killM IS Pi 
•».»» LU I 

H E L D O V E R — 
F I N A L W E E K ! 

COMEDY & SUSPENSE! pc 
"DEMON SEED". 

F E A R F O R H E R . 
/ 
P i T i I 
. i • J K 
I ■ ■ T i u a o i ^ rn 

“M M S I” 12:45-4:15-7:45 
“WINNIK" 2:45-6:15-9:45 

WALT DISNEY 
PRODUCTIONS n u t t i e s t 
H o r s e 
T L u e w s 

— 
P L U S — 

W IN N IE t h e POOH* 

F E A T U R E S 1:2o-3:l 5-5:1o 7:o5-9:oo 
EXCLUSIVE! 

A B R A V E Y O 
U 
N 
G 
L I O 
N 

F A C E S A S T R A N G E 

N 
E W 
W 
O 
R L D 
. . . 

A N D T H E S C R E E N 

I S F I L L E D W 
I T H 

E X C I T E M 
E N T 

A N D A D V E N T U R E . 

 w h o s o * *«»* 
F E A T U R E S 12:45-2:3o-4:15-6:oo-7:45-9:3o i**lheld EXCLUSIVE 
A Al /I M KIA Ii IM 
O 
V 
E R 
! 
An epic (antas? of peace and magic 

V G HUCK (MUM 

I N 

W 
O 
N 
D 
R O 
U S 

C O L O R 

: .MIMI JM T KY TUA P H U ***7' 
X KAI PH BX RSH I KUM 
WEARE 

& 

IAN 
THE LION 
Stdrrng BILL TRAVERS •VIRGINIA MCKENNA 
With GEORGE ADAMSON JOHN RE NDALL 
ANTHONY BOURKE TERENCE ADAMSON 
Ana hw UOrtbQUISTIAN 8oVKAIAMA MOfJA USA HWA JESSIA jndSUPtHCUB 
Produced and Directed by B IL TRAVERS and JAMES WLL 

 in COLOR scon* 
* * « * * » * • G GENERAL AUDIENCES 
.,V 
"Ii* i t j j 

San Antonio 
Symphony 
Update ... 
Music for the City I 
FREE CONCERTS 
In cooperation with the 
Parks and Recreation Dept. 
City of San Antonio 
■ Saturday, April 2 ■ 
7 :3 o p m — C a rv e r C en ter 
2 2 6 N . H a c k b e rry 
“Jazz in the Spring" 
HARVEY GARBER 
Conducting 
DON ALBERT 
Jazz Trumpet Soloist 
WM Sunday, April 3 WM 
7 :3 o p m — 
B ra c k e n rid ge P a rk 
Su n ke n G a rd e n T h eate r 
“ A Spring Symphony” 
HARVEY GARBER 
Conducting 

The nicest,, warmest, funniest and most touching movie you’ll ever see about blackmail, mystery and murder. 

★ EXCLUSIVE ★ 

ART CARNEY.,, LILY TOMLIN 
.“THE LATE SHOW” 

Ab© awrong BILL MACY, , EUGENE KOCHE 
ROBERT ALTMAN Directed by ROBERT BENTON 

PGjPftBBiTAl 6U$lltC£ SUCSESIHfl UiM^huifdbv WAKNEROMOS Q AWAKNLKCOMIWUNILATlO*4t.OMKANY 

 m y**** IHI 

 p Q ^ a N T R A l PARK $ 

■ 
■ h i J*i* V? in mmmm 

S A T .-S U N . A T 
1 : o o -2 :4 o -4 :2 5 
6 : 1 o - 7 : 4 5 - o : 4 o 

GENERAL CINEMA THCATUKS 
NORTH STAR EVERY DAY TIL I 3o PM -SLSol 

SIH LEW ijRflDE exerts tor Moated ‘Jsm& FO*© 

Ut wlh MARTIN STAEGER 

STANLEY KRAMER <**», 
GENE HACKMAN 
CANDICE BERGEN 
“THE DOMINO PRINCIPLE” 
RICHARD WIDMARK 
MICKEY RODNEY’ EDWARD ALBERT 
«,ELI WALLACH p u jii *■«■■*■ 
12:3o-2:25-4:15 
EXCLUSIVE 6,1o-8:oo-1o:oo 
NORTH STAR 
342-93o4 
EAGLEHAS LANDI! 
I 2:2o-2:4o -5 :o o -7 :2 o -9 :4 o (PGI 

TWO MINUTE WARNING 
1:1o-3:2o-5:3o-7:4o-9:5o (R) 
MCCRELESS 
533-o431 
CAR WASH ( P G ) 

12:45-2:35 
4:25-6:1$ 
• OS 9:5o 

I M CCRELESS $1.oo ALL S H O W S AT ALL T IM E S ! 
:i"T<"7"Tr~“l”rl 
''''VTTiu i''"I wTj,|"Tri*n”7nii- i.i..... 

Ball lures 
Oscar star 

% * 

Y 

JOAN FONTAINE 

. . “ Suspicion” star 

Oscar-vfinning actress 
.loan Fontaine will be in 
San Antonio Saturday to attend the Southwest 
Craft Center's grand ball. 

Miss Fontaine will be the guest of Robert To­ bin. 
Miss Fontaine won an 
Academy Award for her role in “ Suspicion.” 
The craft center is holding the ball to cele­ brate the opening of the 

 center’s newly restored chapel in the former Ur- suline Convent. 
Fashion display 
Sunday 

“ Fun and Fashion” is theme of the Black Texas 
Disco Fashion Show, to be presented 6:3o p.m. 
Sunday at Lil’ Hut., 3o52 
E. Commerce St. 
Show proceeds will benefit the Black Texas 
Beauty Pageant, slated dune 6 at Carver Com­ munity Center, 226 N. 
Hackberry St. 
' Special guest at the fashion show will be 
Denise Brooks, current 
Miss Black Texas. 
Barbara Niles will be the show’s fashion coor­ dinator. Marvelous Mel will provide the disco sound. 
Fashions are being provided by Margo’s La 
Mode and Joseph’s Men 
Shop. 
Advance tickets, priced $1.5o, may be purchased from David 
Sterling 226-6666. 

 abc (INTERSTATE "**•'*■ 

WONDER 2 

9lsnd«rlonrf Shopping City 
73? H O I 

GENE WILDER 
JILL CLAYBURG!! 
RICHARD PRYOR 
“SILVER 
STREAK” 
(PG) 

1:15-3:2o-5:25 

. 
7:3o-9:35 

I I TT t ri rrnU-LxxiI la-aaP 

Samplings of delicious oysters on the half-shell, special crab stuffed mushrooms, Brandy Alexanders, tempting chicken-broccoli casserole, bits of filet mignon with a delightful Royal Oaks sauce, pan dulce, champagne, strawberry daiquiris, mouth-watering barbecued ribs and barbecued sausage on a stick, 
Margaritas, special flaquitos and flautas, assorted plates of hors d’oeuvres, pizza of all varieties, chili, 
Pina Caiados, special chicken, delicious wine, 
Tequila Sunrises, and much, much more ... all part of the annual 

TASTES OF THE TOWN 
Presented by 
SAN ANTONIO RESTAURANT ASSOCIATION 

April 5 — Banquet Hall — Convention Center 

Food Tasting 
7 - 9:3o pm 
Dancing 
9 - Midnight 

Tickets: $12.5o per person at Participating Restaurants 
Joske’s, Sears 
Major Ticket Headquarters throughout the city. 

$* 

ACADEMY AWARD WINNER 
BEST PICTURE 

BEST DIRECTOR 
JOHN G AVILDSEN 

BEST FILM EDITING 

ROCKY 

NOW SHOWING! 

[JOCK 
E x c lu s iy g L 
NEW LAUREL 

UU M IF 
A1* MlOlY 
I IEC UI 'VI PMOOV1' t» MubiC 8 * 
Kl! 

231o SAN PEDRO • 736-4551 

Y 
UmtBfl Artists 
„ TODAY TIME? 1 ’ 
12:4o-3:oo-5:2o*7:4o-1o:oo P.M. 
MON./THUR 
5:3o-7:4o-1o:oo P.M. 

♦ 

 sm*4hMf&Vln*4*? JWBSAI4M 

Lipscomb fund established 

SPECIAL TO EXPRESS NEWS 
WASHINGTON, 
Tex. 
— A fund to aid the widow of Texas blues musician 
Malice 
Lips­ comb has been estab­ lished. 
Elnora Lipscomb, 8o, was recently taken to the 
Navasota Nursing Home. 

She requires constant medical attention. 

But Mrs. Lipscomb wishes to return to her home. Friends of the 
Lipscomb family have established the Lipscomb 
Fund to receive dona­ tions toward the hiring of 

DONT MUCK AROUND WITH 
AN 18 WHEEL TRUCKER 

...h e ’s g ot a C B ra d io and a hundred friend s, 

The battle cry of 
The G reat Trucker’s W ar 

BREAKER! BREAKER! starring CHUCK NORRIS 

 with GEORGE MURDOCK • TERRY O’CONNOR 
EXECUTIVE PRODUCERS - SAM UEL SCHULMAN AND BERNARD TABAKIN 
MUSIC COMPOSED BT DON HULETTE • SCREENPLAY BT TERRY C H A M BERS 
PRODUCED ANODIRLCTLDBT DON HULETTE 
COIOP PRINTS BV M O VIELA B-A PARAGON FILM S PRODUCTION 

AN AMERICAN IN TERNATIONALR EL EA S E 
P G PARENTAL GUIDANCE SUGCESIED 

2nd feature at Drive int 
Only 
<R) 

SHES SHOWIN’EM HOW TO 

MAKE GOOD....BEIN’ BAD! 
"SIX PACK ANNIE" 

AZTECA 11:15-1:oo-2:5o-4:35-6:25-8:1o-1o:oo 

UA MOVIES 4 12:3o-2:15-4:o5-5:55-7:45-9:35 

SAN PEDRO 

MISSION 

VALLEY HI 

“ BREAKER! BREAKER!" 
7:3o- 1o:45 

“ SIX PACK ANNIE" 
9:2o- 12:2o 

 a professional live-in nurse. 
Those wishing to con­ tribute to the fund may address their donations to The Lipscomb Fund, 
F. o. Box 233, Washing­ ton, Texas, 7788o. 
Groups and individuals interested in obtaining additional information or in helping may contact 
Kurt Van Sickel, IOU 
Avondale Road, Austin, 
Texas 787o4. 
Landing to open 
7 nights 

The Riverwalk night club The Landing will begin staying open seven nights a week starting 
Sunday. 
Previously the night club, featuring music by 
Jim Cullum ’s Happy 
Jazz Band, closed on 
Sunday and 
Monday nights. 
Now on Sundays, be­ ginning at 9 p.m., there will be a jam session featuring musicians who stop by the club. 

On Monday evenings the Allan Vache Quartet will entertain beginning at 9 p.m. Vache is a clarinetist with the 
Happy Jazz Band. 

The Happy Jazz Band will play 
Tuesday through Saturday nights. 
Mobile show due at park 

A production of “ El 
Borracho” (“ The Drun­ kard") will be presented on the Showmobile at 3 p.m. Sunday in Bracken­ ridge Park. 

Sponsored by the de­ partment of parks and recreation, the show is presented by the San 
Anonio 
Vicory 
Out­ reach Program for drug and alcohol rehabilita­ tion. 
. 

Steve Solis, a rehabili­ tated alcoholic, wrote the show'. 

The performance is free. The Showmobile will be located in the grassy area across from the train station on N. St. 
Mary’s Street. 
Festival at church 

The Unitarian Church will begin its third an­ nual film festival Sun­ day. 

The church will pre­ sent films at 6:3o p.m. each Sunday during April followed by discussions. 
The first film is the science fiction movie 
“ Zardoz.” 

Cost of the film series is $1o. For further infor­ mation telephone 
344-4695. 
Art show to start 

Trinity Baptist Church will sponsor an exhibit by 
3o local artists on the theme “ Resurrection and 
Life” beginning Sunday. 

Included in the exhibit are works by John Squire 
Adams, Bill Bristow, 
Margaret Pace, Alex Ya- min, B ill Blackburn, 
Florient Baecke, Walter 
Bower, Betty Saenger and Ed Strain. 

The exhibit will be open to the public IO a.r n . -2 p.m. and 7-9 p.m. through Easter Sunday. 

MANN THCATRCS 
I I I IdSvCENTRaSSrI^ 
I——A. * ■ * 
NANN SKOPP!HG film. 

WINNER OF 4 ACADEMY AWARDS! 
“ ACTOR” PETER FINCH “ ACTRESS” FAYE DUNAW AY 
“ NETWORK” 
1:1 5 -3 :2 o - 5:3 5 - 7 :3 5 -9 :4 5 
(R) 
JULIE CHRISTIE 
CARRIES THE 
"DEMON SEED" 
Lear for her. 

 eHHWOtWWN MW* fawn A 
-WH PRODUCT®! juue Christie "DEMON SEED" Fritz weaver 
Vwws,Ro8XI?:jALHo-«POG(9 oH|l>SO* Dora P. OONAOCMMRU 
• : rn 
96 IMH. 
Mu*. JHWrHtlDINO “ —I '■•WMS**- MfTROCOLOO 
R 
M GM P G J United Artists 

NORTHWEST SIX 

T O D A Y : 4 : o o 
6:oo-8:oo-1o:oo 
CENTURY 
12:oo-2:oo-4:oo 
6:oo-8:oo-1o:oo 

CINE CINCO 
I ^o5-3:o5-5:o5-7:o5-9:o5 

THREE DARING ADVENTURERS! 

 to a town p. 
4 tn n u g frf 

W A LT D ISN EY 

1 tL - 
’ « n u s A , MUB 
^ T h ie w e s 

 r 
' 
_ 
• t 
••• v « 
» r:> H N U o to n . G 

T o w a 
PO O H H A V ! 

TRKAT? f r -.fmmm 
-J,. 
^ 
^ 

CD 
V m h w 
F Q X C l n t w a i ^ * 3 1 mmymmm 
V:.' wmmmm j 

“ P O O N " 12.3o 3 4o 7 1o IO 2o 
“ T H IfV fS 
145-5:oo4.2o 

 f 
T o d a y a f 
\ 

N O R T H W 
E S T S I X 

C h « k d ltflfiY ad to- H u t : cmd p cllciat 
“AIRPORT 77” 

“THE SUPPER 
AND THE ROSE’ 

“ DEMON SEED' 

“MR. BILLION’ 

FREAKY FRIDAY” 
“PINK PANTHER 
K STRIKES AGAIN” 
, 

T R U — mmm in — 
— ii rn— r ir '^ ^ 

^"""""""""Today of 

C t N T U R V S O U T H f i 
S W Oil Dr Cl m IS So 
PIC 4111 

Chack di»s>loy od fo r tim es and p o ik ia i. 
“BLACK SUNDAY' 

‘‘AIRPORT I T 

“THE EAGLE 
HAS LANDED” 

DEMON SEED' 

“FREAKY FRIDAY’ 

‘MR. BILLION’ 

^"^Teda^rt 
San Pedro 

‘‘OBSESSION” * ‘WEAKER, BREAKER’ 

“SHAMPOO” 
'SIX PACK ANNIE’ 

Check display t ad for times. 

I 
“MISTY BEETHOVEN" 
"EXPOSE Mf tOVflY" 
“SOMETIMf SWIET SUSAN ' 

KTFM MIDNIGHT SHOW AT THE 
NORTHWEST SIX TONIGHT 

JkNEFpNdA B ar^ reUa 

11:5o 2:2o 
4:5o 7:2o 
9:5o 

N O R I t f W E S I t i t 

IN IO of leap 41o off Cohocton f lit 

NORA*. 
MAT. 
NO PASSES 

T iir f lip p e r and t lif |\ iw 
(GI 

T h e S to r y of C in d e re lla 

Richard Chamberlain Gemma Craven i, Hie PtUKr 
« Gidrtrllj 
Annette Crosbie Edith Evans 

A* Th* Idiry Godmother 
IS Thf Oo*4g*r Qufen 

A BEAUTIFUL MUSICAL RETELLING OF 
THE WORLD S FAVORITE FAIRY TALE! 

OLMOS 
|:::idl 

42o5 Ion Pedro 

JAMES DEAN STAES 
East of Eden 
, Rebel Without A Cause 
“ EAST” 1:55-6:oo-1o^)o 
“ REBEL” 12:o44:o54:o5 

S t a r t in g S u n d a y 

“ CHILDREN OE PARADISE” 

 s t o r t i n ^ Y A K ^ H M S o N i ^ n u W 
[Wednesday “ W HAT'S UP, H O ER U l t ? ” 

C O I O N R I I 
N O S I M 
JAWS 

ROY SCHEIDER e ROBERT SHAW 
P G 
Today 5:3o-9:5o 
PlusI 

U m n q U A K f 

CHARITON 
J 
HESTON 
. today 7:4o (PG). 

( I N l l i l Y f ; 
I O ! I M 
N J i g e m rr r n t t 

IM IO et Ieee 41o elf Cefteffiee It'* 
3444J14 
S W. Mil Or. at fH i i So 
934-6531! 

12:oo 2:oo 4:oo 6:oo 8:oo 1o:oo 
12:1o 2:1o 4:1o 6:1o 8:1o 1o:1o 
NO BAR. MAT. 
A great new COMEDY SWITCH 

Ie sLVi! ■! i l l "I ITT 

 m IO et I M e 41o eft CeMeoP tw U lt 
M 9-41J4 
4 W M il O r a t IM 3 3 So. 
9 1 4 - 6 4 3 1 
11:5o-1:5o-3:5o-5:5o-7:5o-9:5o 
12:oo-2:oo-4:oo 6Mo4MM-1oMO 
Bargain matinee daily for theatre capadty for first 
COMEDY! 
ADVENTURE! 
ROMANCE! 
M IL 
M 
M 
EST 

TERENCE HRL 

JACKIE GIEA5oN 
VALERIE PERRINE 

Now you can see 
BLACK SUNDAY at these theatres at these times: 

 m s 
S l U r m . 
S W Mil. Dr a t IM 3 S S c 
9 1 4 6 5 3 i 
11:45-2:2o-4:55 
7:3o-1o:o5 

[ - * u i- to ti " JI 
6»i H JJ 
1:45-4:25 
7:o5-9:45 

 i n I e r f l a t e s 
WONDER 2 
Robe] 
Oh..,Ch. rn no; 
2:1o-4 :5 o-7 :3 o-1 o:1o 
NO BARGAIN MATINEE 

PETER 
>’i 

 t m in t 
.-.- J 

/ u n iv e r s a l 
12:oo 2:oo 4:oo 6:oo 8:oo 1o:oo 

WOODLAWN 
“ CARRIE” 11:5o-3:5o-7:55 
“ BURNT” HJS 5.4o 9 15 
TOWN TWIN 
“ CARRIE” 7:3o-11:25 

VARSITY 
“ BURNT OFFERINGS” 9:25 

 f 
I li£ 
SCREAMING 
| S | 
12:3o 5:15 1o:oo 
153 I. Houston St. 
TTTTT 

 i t l l 3 3 8 

Kiu.ce 
2:2o 7:o5 matter 
3:45 S:3o 

TRIPLE CHOP ’EM UP TIME! 

'SCREAMING "SHANGHAI 
"DEEP 
TIGER” ., 
KILLER’;.) 
THRUST”.) 

IF 
YO U’VE 
GOT A 
TASTE 
FOR 
TERROR... 

% 
* 

TAKE 
, 
CARRIE 
TO THE 
PROM. 

SISSY SPACEK 
PIPER LAURIE 
CARRIE” 

2ND FEATURE AT WOODLAWN AND DRIVE INS ONLY: 
BVRNTOFFERINGS 

I 
KAREN BLACK OLIVER REED (PG) 

 i r n u a 
Son Pedro of Bittor* Ad. 

TAXI 7:3o 

 a* im * * * mm 
A m t 
M o v ie s 

4 o 4 3 4 2 6 
J I O O I o o m w H 
* 1 2 - 3 2 5 7 

OBSESSION fc4o 
SHAMPOO 11:2o 

TAXI DRIVER NOMINATED 
FOR 4 ACADEMY AWARDS 

BEST PICTURE BEST ACTOR 
BEST SUPPORTING ACTRESS 

ORIGINAL SCORE 

ROBERT DENIRO 
TAXI DRIVER 
CYB! LLSH EPH ER D 
Hoot! fq sterI 
(R) 

Plus! 
CUFF ROBERTSON 
GENEVIEVE BUJOLD P*-US 

WARREN BEATTY 

JUUE CHRISTIE 
GOLDIE HAWN 

(R) 

/U:3o 1:2o 3:o5 
4:5o 6:35 8:2o Ii 
1o:1o 
"SO HOT 
IT HURTS!" 

W O O D L A W N 
I A l l 
SAT -SUN: l l : 3o-1:35-3:4o- | t 
5:45-7:5o-9:55 
192o fradari«liiburg Rd 
DEPRAVED 
DECADENT 
DUmHED 
NAZI GEMTM11Y1939 

SEX IS n o r OHLY dll ART 
BUT dUIEdPO H WITH 

 fllftd A fn 
K it t y 

 starring 
HELMUT BERGER INQRID THULIN 

JI 

\ 

 m s 

 fRITZ 7:3o I ___ 
12i45 
I u 1 nu 1 111 i i 
9 liv e s 
JM B m e e e *« e d h m 
J o.o5 
D»efr«k af W W Wfuft I E 41o 

H EA VY 
11:25 
Plus 
“FRITZ 
THE 
CAT’i 

 w 

“ 9 LIVES 
OF FRITZ k 
THE CAT” 
(K) 

PLUS 
“ HEAVY 
TRAFFIC* 
(t) 

MISTY 
7:3o 11:5o 
U M 
SOMEYSMi 
Seen Pedro «p Sittere Rd. 
494-3424 
1o:3o 

“M isty 
Beethoven’ 

PLUS 
“ EXPOSE ME 
LOVELY’7 (X) 

P I U S 
“ SOMETIME 
SWEET SUSAN” b t ) j 

^ gums- 
Iii;!”! 
12:3o-3:3o 
I:::: J! 
6:3o-9:3o w 'o«epH 

SCHOOL GIRLS^N 
1:5o-4:5o- 
7:5o 
O uarcm toedtofotijoii bock Into tho motor 

• x 

 r t m m 

A class-A p aro d y of JA W S 
Sid e splitting absurdity ab o u n d s 
5^ 
Hustite 

Se* c r a r e d m erm aid Tern Hall gives the best d e e p throat e v e r ' 
■ 9 V -X*- 
• 
V ' X 
PLAVROV 

Stoning WTW HAU 6 WOTHfP TMtODORt 

MHU. 

P L U S 
“ SCHOOL OIRLS REPORT ’77“ (X) 

-H^iBi 

FORBIDOIN E j I 
7:3o 11:o5 
B 
7 I 7o 
I A C R I A M B o u T o o o e THI A rm 
SWINGING 1:55 

ERIKAS KMM 

“ FORBIDDEN PLEASURE” (X) 
“ SWINGING SKI GIRLS” (X) 
“ ERIKAS HOT SUMMER” (X) 

PEND THE NIGHT f a U l i A U M 
W ITH RUSS M EYER’S O IR tS P 

Irtd «d-So af loop 4>O 
734-7193 mM 
«<UP” 
7:3o (X) i 
PLUS 
“ SUPERVIXENS” 

 sisja_______ 

PLUS 
“ FINDER KEEPERS” 
1o:55 (X) 
“ LORNA” 
12:1o (X) 

* 

San Antonio E X P R E SS -N E W S— Saturday April 2 1 9 7 7 
Favorable news Business and Finance 
Grain prospects better 

 aids mart rally 

D O W TONES IN D U STR IA L A V ER A G E: N Y S E 

NEW YORK (A P) - 
The stock market, cele­ brating the end of a gen­ erally dism al first quarter, recovered some of its recent lasses with a broad rally Friday. 
Tile Dow Jones average of 3o industrial stocks. which hit 14-month lows on 
Wednesday and 
Thursday, rebounded 
8.28 Ut 927.36. 
That reduced the aver­ age’s loss for the week to 
1.5o points. 
Advances outnum ­ bered declines by better than a 2-1 margin on the 
New York Stock E x ­ change. 

Trading light 

Trading remained light. Big Board volume totalled 17.o3 million shares against 16.51 mil­ lion Thursday. 
The upswing cam e 

 against a generally favorable news back­ ground. The government reported a drop in the unemployment rate from 
7.5 to 7.3 per cent last month. 
And 
Com merce 
Department figures showed that construction spending jumped 9.8 per cent in February after a weather-induced* January slump. 
But analysts said the main force behind the upturn might well have stemmed from the calen­ dar. They noted hopes that selling pressure from investing institu­ tions might ease with the end of the first quarter. 
Belief 
It was widely believed that the market’s weak­ ness in late March was partly the result of selling of depressed 

Local stocks 

P M A lo t S W EEK LAST W EEK 

 o r c 
% 
Birl 
\sk i 
Birl 
Ask 
NEI 
Chang** 

Viner St'c Life............ . 3% 
4% 
4 
4% lip Va 

Bexar Co B k .............. . 34 
— 
34 
— 
__ 
Cafeterias, inc............ 
18% 19% 
18 
19 dn Va 

Data po in t ................ 
22’ i 
23 
22 22% dn Va 

Forest O il................ 
18% 18% 
18 18% du % 
Frost Bunk Corp. . . . .2o% 22% 
2o% 22% 
— 
Gulf E n e rg y .............. . II 
11% 
11% 12% up % tin % 
Mere of Tx Comm .. 23/8 26% 
23% 23% 
Mere of Tx P h i......... .64% 63% 
64 
63 dn % 
< Ms mpia Brew............ .26% 27% 
23% 
21 dn 3% 
\ B( I of T ex................ .36% 38% 
36% 38% 
— 

Signior C o rp .............. .13% 13 >« 
12% 12% du 1 
W in n s.......................... 22% 23% 
22% 23% dn % 

VVI FA 
BREV lot s 
EAST 
Nil 

I otiroy. Inc................. v\ EEK 
V\ EEK 
Change 
. . . . 4% 
4% 
— 

Kox-Stanley Photo .. ............8 
8 
_ 

Howell C o rp .............. . . . 13% 
14% dn l 
I J,) Motor In n s......... ___ 9*8 
9% up % 

M S F 
Cli a roll's Chick......... ___ 3o% 
3o% up % 
Harte H anks.............. . . . 28% 
26% dn I *8 

Tesoro Pet.............. 
. . . 
13% 
13% dn % 
Ill TI Ll, t i MH 
I SA A Cap Grow th .. . . . 7.48 
,7.13 dn .o3 
I SAA Income........... .. 11.77 
I 1.83 up .o6 
I nited Ser\ ices......... ___ 1.6-1 
1.37 dn .o7 

 stocks by institutions preparing their portfolios for end-of-quarter reports. ' 
Supporting such a view were broad gains Friday in many of the big-name glamor issues that took a pounding in the first quarter. 
Merck, for exam ple, was up I at 56% as of the 
4 p.m. close of the NYSE. 
Xerox added % to 48*4; 
McDonald's I Vi to 41; 
Burroughs Vi to 61 Vi. and 
Eastm an Kodak % to 
68% 
Auto stocks also snapped back from recent w eakness, with 
General Motors up I at 
67%; Ford Motor ahead 
I Vi at 55%, and Chrysler ahead % at 18%. 
Estimates 

There were published estim ates that som e popular car models might be in tight supply during the spring selling season despite industry plans to step up produc­ tion in the second quarter. 
Gulf & Western Indus­ tries, the most active 
NYSE issue, slipped Vi to 
13Va in trading that in­ cluded a 113,9oo-share block at 13. 

A Wall Street Journal article reported on a continuing Securities and 
Exchange Com mission inquiry focusing on the company. 
Electronic Data S y s­ tems, profiled by a fin­ ancial magazine, gained 
D/2 to 171/4. 
Standard & Poor’s in­ dex of 4oo industrials climbed .94 to 11o.29, and 
S&P’s 5oo-stock compo­ site index was up .79 at 
99.21. 
The NYSE’s composite index gained .41 to 53.94. 
The American Stock 
Exchange market value index picked up .8o to 
111.97. In the over-the- counter m arket, the 
NASDAQ composite in­ dex closed at 94.54, up 
.41. 

By GERALD S. COHN 

VICE PRESIDENT. S A OFFICE 
BACHE HALSEY STUART INC. 

Beneficial rains blanketed the corn and wheat belt this week improving prospects for the new crop prepara­ tions which are still behind last year’s pace. 
More precipitation should be in the offing if official forecasts are correct and the National Weather Service, in its most recent 3o-day outlook, indi­ cated that for the month of April rainfall should be above normal levels in the corn and w heat areas. 
As the probability of adequate mois­ ture for planting has improved, the futures market has come under some pressure, with corn yielding about 

 seven cents and wheat easing about twelve cents this week. 
Precious metals also fell bai k aniliid fears that sales from U.S. stocks of gold might be made over the coming months. 
House Banking Committee ( barn­ man Reuss, D-Wisc. suggested the 
T reasu ry 
D epartm en t’s gold inventories be reduced through sales and this information sent shock waves through gold markets all over the world since this country is such a large holder (275 million ounces) of the yellow metal. 
In New York, yellow metal futures dropped by up to $6 per ounce atter establishing 18-month highs in last week’s trading. 

Express-New s analysis 

S .A. Livestock 

F E D E R A L S T A T E 
M A R K E T N E W S S E R V IC E 

C A T T L E 
A N D 
C A L V E S : 
Receipts this week estim ated at 
4,1oo, last w eek 3,448 and last year 5.o59. 
C O M P A R E D TO L A S T W E E K : 
Not enough slaughte r calve s and y e a r lin g s s o ld th is w e e k to a de q u ate ly test trade, lim ited s a le s s t e a d y to 
S I lo w e r. 
Slau gh te r co w s firm e arly but closing SI -1.5o lower. Slaugh te r bulls m ostly S I higher for the week. Feeder steers and bulls firm to S I h ig h e r a n d feeder heifers Si-1.5o higher, instances 
S2 higher. Slau gh te r « ?w s co m ­ prised about 12 per cent of this w eek's supply, slaughter bulls 3 per cent an d slau g h te r c a lv e s a n d y e a rlin g s le ss than 5 per cent. Good and Choice 3oo-55o lb. fe e d e r s t e e r s a n d b u lls a n d 
3oo-5oo lb. feeder heifers m ade 

 l i d the bulk of this week s supply with num erous lots m ostly Good 
6oo /OO lb. fe e d e r ste e r s an d bulls noted in the run. 
S L A U G H T E R C A L V E S A N D 
Y E A R L IN G S : M ostly Good, oc­ c a s io n a l C h o ic e 45o-7oo lbs. 
S31.5o-34, few 4oo-4/5 lbs. early 
$34.25-34.75. 
S L A U G H T E R C O W S : U t ilit y 
2-3 a n d s o m e 4 $26-3o. late 
$26-28.75. with som e high d re ss­ in g a n d h e ife re tte s e a r ly to 
$3o 25. C u tter $23.25 27.25 late with high d re ssin g e a rly up to 
$29.25. C a n n e r an d low Cutter ra n g e d d u r in g the w eek from 
$2o-25 with so m e in w eake ne d condition down to $17. 
S L A U G H T E R B U L L S : 
Y ie ld g r a d e 
1 2 
1,25o-2,15o tbs. 
$34 25-37.25, n u m e r o u s s a le s 
96o 1,3oo ib s . $31.5o 34, few indicating a low -boning p ercen ­ tage $28.25-3o.5o. 
F E E D E R 
S T E E R S 
A N D 
B U L L S : la te s a le s , 
C h o ic e 
2oo-3oo Ibs. $44.5o-47.25; 3oo-4oo lb s 
$42.5o 46; 
4oo-55o lb s 
$41.5o-44 a n d so m e 6oo-825 lbs 
$35.75-38.5o. G o o d a n d C h o ic e 
2oo-3oo Ibs. $4o.5o-44.25, 3oo-5oo 
Ibs. $38.25-42.25, m ostly $4o and a b o v e , fe w th in k in d s 
$42.5o 44.25, 
5 o o 6 o o lb s 
$37.75-39.5o a n d 6oo-75o Ib s 
535.25-38.5o. M ostly Good 2oo 3oo 
Ib s. $37.5o-4o.5o, 3oo-4oo Ib s. 
$36.25-39.25, few $39.5o-4o.5o, 
4oo 6oo Ib s. $35.25-38 25, thin k in d s $38.5o-4o.5o; 6oo-7oo lbs. 
$34.75-36.75, few 7oo-85o lbs. 
$32.25-34,75 
S ta n d a rd a n d low- 
G o o d $3o 25-35.25 w ith s o m e 
53o-5/5 lb. H olsteins $29.25-31. 
F E E D E R 
H E I F E R S : la te sales. M ostly Choice 275-5oo Ibs. 
534.25-35.5o; G o o d a n d C h oice 
275-5oo Ib s. $33.5o-34.75 a n d 
5oo 6oo Ibs. $33.25-34.5o. M o stly 
G o o d 3o 
-5oo Ibs. $32.25 34.25, fe w th in k in d s $34.25 -3 4.7 5; 
5oo-6oo Ibs. $3o 25-34, largely 32 a n d a b o v e . G o o d a n d C h o ic e 
21o 4oo Ib s . s u it a b le to r r e ­ p la c e m e n t $33.25-35.5o, few 
Ch oice 235-26o Ibs. 536.25-37.75, few lots m ostly Good 5oo-6oo lb. yearling heifers $32.75-35. 
O T H E R S : 
F e w 
G o o d a n d 
C h o ic e c o w a n d c o lt p a ir s 
$282 342 per pair, few Standard and Good $2oo-255. 
H O G S : Receipts this week 85o, last week 755, and last ye ar 934. 
C O M P A R E D TO L A S T W E E K : 
B arro w s and gilts m ostly steady. 
Sow s firm, 
B A R R O W S A N D G IL T S : U.S. 
1-3 2oo-24o Ibs. $36.25-36.5o. U.S. 
2 3 18o-25o Ibs. $35.5o-36. 
S O W S : 
U S. 1-3 3oo-4oo lbs. 
$31-33. 4oo-6oo lbs. $3o-31. 

Year’s Highs 
And Lows 

N Y Stocks new high low s 
N E W H IG H S — 34 
Ah m an H F 
AlldStrs wi 
Arm our pf 
Asarco Inc 
"Basic Inc 
BrushW elt n 
ColuSoOh pf 
Cowles Com 
Crompt Kn 
E n ge lh M in 
Fox boro 
Gerber Pd 
Gul ton Ind 
H a rrisC p 
Hoi lem an 
Joraensn 
Jos tens 

N E W L O W S — 
A irP rod 
A m H o spit 
A m e sD e p St 
A m I el Inc 
A rm coStl pf 
Arvin Ind 
Bandag Inc 
Benet 4 3opf 
C N A Finl 
C astle C ke 
ChesebgP 
Cin G 9 3opf 
C le v E I P IA 
C stStG s p fB 
Colon Str 
C m E 7 24pf 
C o nEd Spf 
Contin CP 
Den tsp ly Int 
Desoto Inc 
D iam Int 
Fe d e rD Str 
Fst Int Bosh 
Fleetw Ent 
G iant PCem 
G ray D ru g 
GulfW stn 
GlfW n pfC 
GlfW npf D 
Gulf StaUt 
In t T& Tpf E 
IntrsPw pf lo w a E lL tP 
Japan Fnd 
Kaisr A lu w d 

LehP rt Cern 
M cD e rm o t 
P h ila E le c 
Rich m n d CP 
Rockower 
Seatrain L in 
Sones! a 
Sterchi Bro 
Storer Brd 
T e xE astn 
Te xPac Ld 
Unit Inns 
W ash G a sL t 
Westgh El 
Wheel Frye 
W hiten pfC 
W rialev 

Kane M ill 
Keene Corp 
K id de p fA 
Lionel Corp 
LoctiteCp 
Lo n q lLt pfO 
M a g ic Chef 
M arath n Oil 
Nat Indust 
Newmont 
N ia g ra Shre 
N wst SH W 
P a P L 8 4opt 
Pennzoil pf 
Peoples D r g 
PH E! 7.75pf 
PioneerEI 
Pope Talb 
P S In d 3.5opf 
Rd g Bates 
Roper Corp 
Saul RI Est 
SeabW ld A ir 
SealdPow 
Sm ith Int 
Sou R y pf A 
SouthldCp 
SpartnF d 
Stevens J P 
Tracor Inc 
Un G uarnty 
Unit M 8.M 
V a E P 9 75pf 
W nUn 4 9opf 

( I 
Il r - r, 

Place Your Ad in the 

E x p r e s s - H a w s 
MERCHANDISE 
MART 

Gall 
225-1666 

Am erican new high lows 
N E W H IG H S — 26 
A V C Corp 
A cm e H am 
Al I lane T R 
A m Sci E n g 
Baldor E le c 
Banner Ind 
Butlerlnt 
Cavitron 
Com pac Cp 
Fab Ind 
Gould Inv T r 
G u ltO ilC an 
H alco Prod 

M artin P roc 
Nuclear D at 
Pac Holding 
P acH old pf 
PittW V Stirs 
R aym P roc 
SeasonAII 
Seton Co 
Susquehan 
U nim ax G rp 
U n im ax G pf 
Vernitron 
W o rc e ste r 

W holesale Meat 

F E D E R A L - S T A T E 
M A R K E T N E W S S E R V IC E 

W H O L E S A L E M E A T T R A D E 
(less thon carlo t) W E E K E N D ­ 
IN G M A R C H 31. 
C O M P A R E D TO L A S T W E E K : 
Choice steer and heifer beef SI higher. Good steady. Cow beet ste a d y . B u ll $2 h ig h e r . C a lf steady, but insufficient volum e to- test trade. Good and Choice Beef 
Prim als: H indquarters steady to 
SI lower. Fore quarters steady to 
SI lower. Square cut ch u cks $3 h ig h e r. A r m c h u c k s s t e a d y . 
Rounds steady to $3 lower. R ib s 
$1-3 higher. T rim m ed loins firm to $6 higher. Boneless cow beef 
9o per cent le an ste a d y a n d boneless bull beef 9o per cent lean $1-2 higher. 

S T E E R A N D H E IF E R B E E F : 
Choice, 4oo-7oo lbs., S61-62. Stan­ dard and Good 1-3, 35o-6oo lbs., 
$6o-61. 
CO W B E E F : Bre ak in g Utility, 
2 4, $5o. Boning Utility, 1-3, $52. 
Canner and Cutter, 1-2, $57. 
B U L L : Yield gra d e 1-2, 6oo Ibs. and up, $66. 4oo-6oo lbs., $63-65. 
C A L F : 
G o o d a n d 
C h o ic e , 
I$o-3oo lbs., $63. 

B E E F P R IM A L S : Yield grad e 
2-4. 
H I N D Q U A R T E R S - 115-18o lbs.: Choice, $72 76. Good, $7o 75. 
F O R E Q U A R T E R S - 12o-19o lbs.: Good and Choice, $5o-52. 
S Q U A R E C U T C H U C K S - 
5o 8o tbs.: 
Good and 
Choice, 
$5o-52. 

S Q U A R E C U T C H U C K S - 
5o-8o lbs.: Good and Choice, $63. 
A R M C H U C K S — 5o 9o lbs.: 
Good and Choice, $52 56. 
R O U N D S — 5o-85 lbs.: Choice, 
$76 78. Good, $75. 
R IB S — 25-35 lb s.: C h o ice , 
$85-94. Good, $85-88. 

T R I M M E D L O I N S — 4o-7o lbs.: 
Choice, 
$1o4-1o8. 
Good, 
$96-1oo.. 
B o n e le ss C o w Be e f: 9o per cent lean, $8o. 
Boneless Bull Beef: 9o per cent lean, $88. 

N E W L O W S — 24 
Action Ind 
Arm in Cp 
Auget Inc 
B ra n A ir wt 
Buehler Cp 
Burns Intl 
Cook Ind 
Cook P t& V 
CrnCen Pet 
Hotel Invest 
IT IC p 
Johnson P d 

M arkC ti I 
M ason eiln 
Milton Roy 
Peerls T ube 
Pen ob Shoe 
Plantron 
Rest Assoc 
R ossm oor 
SDie 4.5opf 
SD ie 5pf 
SonderBrd 
System E n g 

S.A* Feedlot 

 f e d e r a l -s t a t e 
M A R K E T N E W S S E R V IC E 

D IR E C T S A L E S F O R S O U T H 
A N D 
S O U T H E A S T 
T E X A S 
W E E K E N D IN G M A R C H 31. 
C O N F IR M E D ; 5,5oo. Trode in 
S o u th a n d S o u t h e a s t T e x a s practically at a standstiH since late last week when the m ajo r share of this w eek's volum e w as sold. Feedlots reporting little if any in au iry through T h u rsd a y noon. F e w s la u g h t e r s t e e r s steady. Slau gh te r heifers w eak to 5o cents lower, but not well tested throughout this week. All cattle F O B feedlot with 4 per ce n t p e n c il s h r in k a n d fo r delivery within IO days. 
S L A U G H T E R S T E E R S : G ood with 4o 6o per cent C h oice 2-3 
9oo-1,ooo ibs. $37.75-38. L o o d mostly G O O D W a? L B S . B b l. 
S L A U G H T E R 
H E I F E R S : 
About 1,4oo head Good with 3o-5o per cent Choice 2-3 few 4 8oo-9oo 
Ibs. $35.75-36. M ostly Good som e lo ad s w ith end of C h o ic e 2-3 
*675-825 Ibs. $35-35.5o, few lo ad s 
$35.6o 35.7o. Good 1-2 46o-65o Ibs. 
$35-36. 
C A R C A S S B A S IS : A b ou t 6oo head estim ated live w eight 75o 
Ibs. $58.5o on a hot weight car* cass basis. 

CLASSIFIED DISPLAY 

MONDAY - The Dow 
Jones Industrial Average stretched out its string of declines to eight days — the most consecutive number of days since the middle of August 1974. 
Loss on the day was 2.75. 
During most of the ses­ sion the attention of technicians was focused on the November 1976 low close of 924.o4 (possible support level). F u n d a­ mental investors were concerned and wonder­ ing over contents and proposals that will be contained in President 
Carter’s energy program to be announced in late 
April. 

TU ESD A Y 
- The 
“ magic 924“ support le­ vel posted last November on the B JI A chart held. 
Timid buying came in al the opening as short co­ vering and short term traders sought out over­ sold bargains. The tech­ nical rally netted 5.9o on the day. The uptick was without vigor, as volume totaled a puny 17,o3o.ooo shares. The Dow indus­ trials have tumbled 41.89 points in the last eight sessions. Economic news to influence buying was lacking. Gold lost its gain of the previous week. 

WEDNESDAY - Tile rally which started on 
Tuesday lasted one day. 
Prices turned downward soon after the opening. 
The average broke through the much d is­ cussed 924 area, closing at 921.21 for a loss of 
1o.8o. This takes the Dow back to its lowest level in 

14 months, since Jan. 13, 
1976. News items includ­ ed: The Commerce De­ partment reported econ­ omic indicators rose o.4 per cent in February vs. 
1.2 per cent drop in Jan ­ uary. Although U.S. pro­ posals to the Soviet Union were not accepted, SALT talks will be held in 
Geneva in the first part of May. 

THURSDAY 
- The first quarter ended with the Dow Jones Industrial 
Average posting a loss of 
85.52 points, w iping out all the gain in 1976 except that of the first two weeks in January. The 
NYSE index of all com­ mon stocks continued to hold above its November low. The market dawdled along and the DUA closed off 2.o8 points. 
Volume was at a reduced tempo. 

FRIDAY - The U.S. 
Labor Departm ent re ­ ported the unem ploy­ ment rate fell to 7.3 per 

 cent in March versus 7.5 per cent in F ebru ary . 
This stimulated buying. 
The 
Dow 
Indu strials gained 8.23 points, how ever, trading volume totaled only 17,o5o,ooo shares. 

SUMMARY 
- 
A mid-zeek selloff took the 
Dow Jo n e s Industrial 
A verage back to its lowest level in 14 months. 
A rally developed on the final day that cut the loss on the week to a modest 
1.5o. Weekly volume was the sm alle st for any five-day week since mid-November 1976. 

RANGE — High was m ade on T uesday at 
936.67. Low was made on 
Thursday at 
914.15. 
Close, F riday , 927.36. 
Loss on the week, 1.5o. 
Volume, all shares trad­ ed on the N YSE, 86.11 million shares. 

ANALYSIS BY CHARLES E CARDEN 

Governor likes vote 

AUSTIN (AP) - Gov. 
Dolph Briscoe said Fri­ day he was pleased by a 
Senate committee vote in favor of allowing new industrial development in areas that exceed na­ tional clean air sta n ­ dards. 
The 
Senate 
Public 
Works Committee voted 
7-6 for the amendment by 
Sen. Lloyd Bentsen, li- 
Tex. 

Briscoe in the past had expressed concern over stan d ard s that would have blocked new in­ dustry. 
He said the Bentsen amendment allows flexi bilify while it also strengthens existing na tional clean air policy by assuring that annual re* ductions in air pollution will occur at a specified rate. 

Ik-. 

& rn**. 
NEWSWATCH 

. 
* w 
'N ' 
... / 
V * i 
• 
5*4 . 
V . 
,. 
/ .J 
.. 
■ *•**.*• ■*' ■ * ■ 
1 
V K 
SAN ANTONIO’S MOST COMPLETE 

ELECTION NIGHT COVERAGE! 

EFFECTIVE APRIL I, 

1977 
John Clay & Co. has been i purchased by the Hondo 
Livestock Auction, Inc. 
We will be operating as the John Clay & Co., S. A. I daily. Hondo Sales will I continue on Saturday at > 
12:3o. Let us serve your* needs at either Market * 
P lace. G en eral M g r .! 
Lloyd Ilardt, Assist Mgr. 
B ill M oos, Y ard M gr. j 
Harvey Haby. 
John Clay & Co. S.A. 
I 

227-2477 

Hondo Livestock Auction 

Hondo 1-426-3383 

Don Colson and 
Karen Wilson report on races for mayo] and ten distric] seats. 

Coastal Sprigs .7o bu 
Sutherland Springs 
1-947-337o; 1-947-3379 

ALMAC Const. Co. 
AU Types of Steel Bldgs 

656-o881 

Lone Star Livestock 

Commission Co. 

623-52oo 

GMC TRUCKS 

4 Wheel Drive, Short & 
Long Wheel B ase Van* duras & Suburbans. 

TINDALL & SON 

Pontiac, GMC 

★ NEWS AND 
ENTERTAINMENT remote reports, ralternate with 
“The Last Hurrah” starring Spencer 
Tracy. 

S / 
A \ 

GET IT RIGHT ON TWELVE! 

2 5 o o B r o a d w a y 1 2 1 8 S. W . M ilita ry D rive 

RIVAL 3'A QT. 
CROCK POT 
$ 
A 
9 
9 

GREAT 
AMERICAN 
FOOD 
PROCESSOR 
Turns a Cook into a Chef 

W H IL E TH EY LA ST 

The Gourmet’s Basic Tool. 

Its the revolutionary new processor th ot everyone's talking obout! A pow erful countertop m iracle. . . it cuts, chops, pares, slices, blends. It grinds m eat. And ice. It will turn peanuts into fresh, oozy peanut butter. See w hat it does for vegetables . . . and sauces. 
It also greates cheese. It shreds. And purees. The Food Pro­ sser has rapidly become the indispensable ourm et machine . . . versatile, w ork-saving, 

 reliable, compact, fun! Truly, it turns a cook into 

 o chef (baker? see w hat you can do w ith dough!) Sturdily constructed of General Electric 

Lexan . . . it comes complete w ith 4 blades (3 of 

 stainless steel). 
'A . DON’T PAY 
$225 FOR d b O O 

BRAND 

GREAT AMERICAN 
BURGER MACHINE 
AND SANDWICH MAKER 

CO O KS 
H AM BU R GER S, 
S M A LL 
S TEAK , 
H O T 
D O GS: 
GRILL 

SAN DW IC HES: TO ASTS B A G ELS, M UFFIN S : H EA T PIES. LOCKING 

H A N D LE 
FO R 
MO S PLATTER C O O K IN G . 
EAS Y TO CLEAN 
N O N 

STICKING C O O K IN G S UR FAC E, A N D DRIP 
TR AY. D ETACH AB LE 

CORD 
« 
Q 
» 
» 

1o4-oo3 
Sugg. Ret. 15.95 
GREAT AMERICAN FRYING 
MACHINE 

FRENCH FRIED 
FOOD FOR 1,2, or3 PEOPLE... 

STORE COOKING OIL IN UNIT. 
TEFLON LINED FOR NON-STICK 
NON-STAIN COOKING. 
Fry B asket 
Included 

SUPER BUY 

Osier “HYDROLAX” Fool 
Massager 

• Refresh your tired Feet and aching legs 

• Provides soothing, relaxing water-in- motion" massage 

• Use, with or without water 

• Stand up in unit for full body massage 

• Use for arm and wrist massage 

Sugg. Retail $22.95 

SPECIAL 999 
M-751 
2o6-o63 
WHILE THEY LAST 

135o WATT 
BLOW DRYER 
• PROFESSIONAL DRYER WITH 
VENTURI VELOCITY ATTACHMENT 
• SINGLE THUMB CONTROL SW ITCH 
WITH 3 HEAT SETTINCS/2 AIR 
SPEEDS 
• EACH SETTING AUTOMATICALLY 
ADJUSTS AIR SPEED TO ASSURE 
PROPER RESULTS. 
• QUALITY G.E. LEXAN' 
CONSTRUCTIO N 

I IOO WATT 
BLOW DRYER 

• 3 HEAT SELECTIONS/2 AIR SPEEDS 
• PERFECT BALANCE AND LIGHTWEIGHT DESIGN FOR EFFORTLESS 
STYLING 
• QUALITY G.E. LEXAN CONSTRUCTION 
• TEXAS INSTRUMENTS THERMOSTAT g* 
A 
A 
CONTROLLED HEAT 
C F CJT 
1o4-oo1 
Sugg. Ret. 14.95 

1o4-oo5 
Sugg. Reg. 19.95 
81 199 

Son Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS—Soturdov Aoril 2 1977 

C o m p le t e n a t i o n w i d e c o m p o s i t e p r i c e s 

N e w 
I f o p i 
B t o e k s e x c l u s i v e In S a n A n t o n io 

A — B — C 

,or ,hp we«* 'n New York 

Y early 
High 
Low 
J /'r 
32' b AC h in d 
18o 8 
4% 
4% A J tnd 
7 
224 
23’ J 
7o's AM P 
1.24 IO 1339 
15% 
13% A PL Cp 
I 
5 
5o'I 
38' ? ARASv 
1.32 IO 
23% 
17' i A S A Ltd 
8o 
1oJ4 
9 's A TO lnc 
4o 
6 
49'b 
42'a ADbtLab 
I 
13 
13’ 4 
9’ ? Acm eC lv .5o 22 
31 / 
2->4 AdrnDq 
.o4 
5 
13’ 4 
11*8 A dm E x I 15e 
5 
3% A d m M il ,o5e 
7 
14’ 8 
1o% Addrssg 
1oe 17 
35% 
29 A otnaLf 1.2o 8 
19o3 
51 
44’ 4 A etnaLf pl 2 
4 
IO’ ? A q u irre 
416 
15’ ’8 Ahmans 
.4o 6 
953 
3 
Aileen 
63 
173 

16o 
447 
677 
22o 
793 
132 
51 
2o5 
48 
434 

14’ 7 
18 7 8 
3^8 I 
_____ 
J ® . , . , 
* 
3578 
26’ 7 A ir Prod 
2ob 12x2386 29 
15’ 7 
12% A trb n F rt 
6o 
12 
HO 14 
32'a 
28’ 4 Ai roo 
1.15 
6 
161 3o 
19’ a 
16 
Akzona 
1.2o 
41 
199 18 
16% 
15 
AlaGas 
1.28 
8 
44 15 
116’ 7 112 
A laP pf l l z37o 114 
1o5 
93 
A laP pf9.44 z67o 1 o3 
943a 
9o 
A la p pf8 16 zlO 9o 
89’ 7 A laP pf8 28 
15 
A laskln 
61e 
7 
17’ 4 A lbanyln ,72 
7 

1o5 
94 ’ 8 
93' r 
21’ 7 
2 o ’ a 
K — 

2 3 ’ j 
27-' a 
22’ a 
23'a 
8 ’ a 
14 
25’ a 
43’ a 
2 2 ’’ a 
14' 7 
47% 
14'- a 
12’ 7 
46% 
21 ’ 4 
56 
3’ 7 
3o 
O' 7 
18% 
59 > a 
3 6 '4 
59 ’ 4 
111 
5 9 ’ 4 
26’ 7 
2o’ 7 
37’ 7 
36’ 4 
3o’ 4 
22’ a 
14 ’ 4 
2 % 
22’ a 
13’ a 
15 
45 7 a 
26 
4?’ a 
11 'a 
4o’ 4. 
24 
2’ 4 
17% 
29’ 4 
13’ 4 
27 'a 
8 
14’ 4 
25% 
15’ 4 
3 ’ 4 
1 I >4 
75’ 8 
19 
21’ 4 
3o 
2 2 ’ 4 
23’ a 
32’ a 
14o 
31 
5 % 
14 >4 
1 o % 
5 ’ 4 
46 
12*8 
163 a 
3o’ 4 
84 ’ 4 
1o 
34 ’ 4 
65’ 4 
68’ a 
5o’ 4 
51’ 8 
13’ 7 
19’ 4 l l ’ a 
IS ’ 7 
19’ a 
12 >8 
3o '4 
17’ 4 
18>« 
28’ J 
13’ 4 
9’ a 
7’ a 
26>4 
8 % 
5 7 ’ a 
8 ’ a 
3o >4 
26’ a 
7’ 7 
8 
87b 
2 Ha 
3 7 % 
2’ 8 
92 >4 
83’ 7 
14’ 4 
32 
4 ’ a 
17’ 4 
31 
21’ 8 
5 ’ a 
3’ 7 
7o 
118 
17 
33’ 4 
3’ ? 
6 
32’ a 
3 o ’ 4 
56’ .. 
27 >4 
53’ a 
7 6 ’ a 
2o 
19’ 4 
31% 
73’ a 
37 >o 
33’ a 
15’ 4 
3 ’ a 
7 4 ’ a 
82 
58’ 4 
197 
52’ 7 
72’ ? 
2 4 ’ 4 
3o 
8 ’ 4 
16 ’ 8 
I ’ 4 
49’ .. 
73’ a 
15’ a 
1 9’ a 
49’ 7 
2 ’ 4 
4 o ’ 4 
9 ’ a 
13 
47 7 a 
14’ a 
71’ a 
7 9 ’ a 
77’ 2 
61 
26 
18 >4 
18’ a 
72’ 2 
79 ’ 4 
38 
15’ 7 
3o’ a 
42 
797a 
38’ 4 
14% 
197b 
19’ a 
4 3 ’4 
34’ 7 
39" 7 
4o78 
23’ 4 
5 ’ a 
32 
28 ’ a 
138 
77 7 a 
3 4 7a 
24 7 a 
9 ’ a 
79 ' 4 
26’ 4 
8 ’ 7 
71 
48 
727 a 
47 
95 
77 
6 o ’ a 
54 
117 
3o 
? ’ a 
3’ a 
6 ’ 4 
24 
4o’ a 
34’ b 
7o’ a 
16’ a 
7o’ 4 
23’ a 
31’ a 
6 % 
3’ 4 
44 7 a 
3 3 ’ 4 
? 7 ’ 4 
35’ 7 
33’ a 
5 
77’ 7 
9 8 ’ 7 l l 
16 l l ’ a 
41 *4 
33’ 4 
687h 
, 
44 
16 ’ a 
357e 
27’ a 
7 /’ 7 
9 ’ s 
IO’ 7 
23’ 7 
97b 
1 7 % 
?27b 
27 % 
22’ a 
6 ’ 4 
1o’ s 
3 2 ’ 4 
8 ’ a 
12' 2 

 a 
6 
A lb e rto C .36 15 
74 

19’ b 
23’ a 
18’ 8 
18’ 4 
6 ’ a 
1 1 % 
21' 4 
39> 4 
2o’ b 
13’ o 
3 8 ’ 4 
12’ 4 
IO’ * 
41 
21'4 
53' 7 
2 ’ 4 
23' ? 
8’ a 
15 
5o' ? 
32’ a 
•16’ a 
115 
18 '4 
21’ b 
17’ 7 
33 ’ 4 
79’ 7 
66' 7 
18’ a 
IO 
2 % 
2? 
IO’ 8 
13'a 
43 
23 >4 
37 
IO” ? 
38' 4 
2 2 '7 
2 ' 8 
16 
25’ a 
9 '7 
25'a 
7 
13’ 74 
23’ a 
12*8 
3' B 
IO’ 4 
23’ ? 
17 
18’ a 
25’ a 
18% 
17 
27'a 
1 2 2 ' 7 
25’ n 
4' a 
IO ’ a 
8 
4 
4 o '8 
9 % 
IO’ 4 
25 >4 
73% 
6 '4 
3o' ? 
61 ’ 4 
65'a 
48’ a 
49” ? 
I H a 
18 
13% 
14'4 
16 l l ’/a 
27 
14’ a 
13’ a 
74’ 4 
1 o % 
7’ a 
I ” ? 
2 2 ’ 4 
8 
44 
5 * 8 
26' '7 
2 2 >4 
6’ a 
6’ ? 
7’ a 
16’ 4 
32% 
H a 
89' 4 
81 >4 
IO’ a 
23'a 
2 'a 
14 
28’ ? 
16' V 
3 % 
27b 
18'a 
114 
IO1 7 
287 a 
2 ” ? 
4 *4 
28 
28' 8 
51' ? 
2 2 ’ a 
5o 
21 
17' 4 
1 6'a 
27’ 4 
16’ 4 
32 
2 8 'a 
13 
2 
2 1 ’ a 
81 
5o 
171' s 
4 9 ’ 4 
63’ 4 
19 Va 
2 1 ” ? 
7’ a 
13 
3 4 
41’ a 
19 ’ a 
113 4 
16 
43' 7 
1 % 
28’ 4 
6% 
IO '? 
42’ ? 
13 
16% 
21 ’ 4 
24’ 4 
53% 
15 ’ a 
13*8 l l ’ a 
15 
71” ? 
34 
13’ 4 
247 a 
36 
28’ a 
33% 
1 2 ’ 4 
16’ 4 
14 ’ a 
34 7a 
26 >4 
28’ 4 
31'4 
21 
4 ’ 4 
2 5 3 4 
23’ a 
177 
27’ 4 
79’ ? 
2 o ’ 4 
7 7a 
23 ' 4 
71’ a 
7’ a 
17 ’ 4 
4 5 ’ 4 
2o 
4o7 a 
85’ ? 
2 2 ’ 4 
SOH 
51 
1o4% 
28’ 4 
H a 
I ’ 7 
4 ’ 4 
19 
3334 
29 
16' a l l ' a 
17 
18% 
27 
5 ’/4 
3 
37’ ? 
28” ? 
19” ? 
31’ 4 
29’ 4 
3 34 
2 5 3 4 
9? 
12’ a 
15 fi7a 
33’ e 
26’ 4 
6o 'a 
39’ a 
131 a 
?9 
19' 7 
26 
8 ’ a 
8 ’a 
21' a 
7” ? 
15 
22 
2 2 ’ a 
18' 7 
57s 
8 'a 
25'a 
7 lt '4 

A lbertsn 
8o 
9 
133 
22'? 
Alcan Alo .8o 23 1635 
27 
AlcoStd 
.96 
7 
156 
21’ a 
A lconLb 
32 14 
31o 
19% 
A lexdrs ,36e 
7 
168 
63b 
AlleqCp 9oe 
7 
1o7 
137e 
A llq L u d I 28 
7 
167 
24’A 
A llqL ud pf 3 
39 
42*/4 
A llg P w 
I 68 
8 1396 
21’ a 
A llenG rp .7o 
7 
127 
137a 
AlldCh 
I 8o IO 119o 
43'4 
A lld M n t .64 
8 
23 
13'? 
A lld P ro d .6o 21 
22 
1o3a 
A lldS tr 
2 
7 
25o 
433a 
A lld S tr wi 
4 
21+4 
A lldS tr pf 
4 
222o 
557a 
AlldSup 
97 
3V4 
AllisChal .9o 
6 1798 
29 
Al Irt Auf 
.6o 
8 
14 
87a 
A lp h P rt 
.72 
4 
65 
IS3 a 
Alcoa 
I 4o 14 1888 
58'a 
Am lSug 
3 
8 
41 
35*8 
Am ax 
1 75 l l ax: 
4934 
A m a* pf 5.25 
12 12o'? 
Am ax pf 
3 . 
116 
52 
A M B A C 
I 
8 
294 
25% 
Am erce 1.2o 
6 
83 
18 
A m rc pf 2 6o 
3 
35'? 
AHess 
.6o 
8 3491 
31 
AH es pf 3.5o 
449 
7o% 
A A irF ilt 
56 IO 
482 
72 
Am A ir 
5 1671 IO’ ? 
A m A ir wt 
22o 
2% 
Am A ir pf2.18 
95 
22’ a 
Am cord 
.6o 
8 
152 
1 2'a 
Am Baker 
I 
5 
38 
13*6 
AB rnds 2.92 IO 
496 
44 
A B rn d pf I 7o 
28 
24 
ABdcst 
I IO 2155 
42% 
Am BldM 5o 
6 
49 
IO7. 
Am Can 
2 4o 8 
577 
39’ a 
ACan pf 1.75 
15 
23’ 4 
A C entry 
61 
2' ? 
AmCred 81e 
5 
15o 
16% 
ACyan 
1.5o IO 1992 
27’ 4 
Am Dish l l 
52 IO’ 4 
AD IsfTel 
84 l l 
36o 
26’ a 
A D u a lV t 
55 
7’ 4 
ADul pf ,84a 
36 
14' b 
A E IP w 2.o6 
9 1895 
24'a 
A F a m ily .4o 
7 
291 14 
Am Fn Sys 
8 
87 
3' ? 
A m FinS y pf z52o 
11'a 
AGI Be) I 96o 
173 
24U 
AGenCv I 32 . 
99 
17’ ? 
AG enlns .68 
6 
312 
19’ j 
AG nln pf I 8o 
28o 
27' ? 
A G nln pl.9o . 
2 
19'j 
A m H oist 
1 
6 
572 
22” ? 
Am Horn 1.1o 17 4875 
3o34 
A Homepf 2 
5 136 
Am Hosp .4o 15 1717 
27'4 
A m ln vst .2o 
8 
148 
AM edicl 
.74 
AM edcp 
IO 
A m M otrs 
AN afR 
2.8o 

4*8 
7 
4oo 
123/4 
5 
695 
712222 
8% 
5” 
8 
563 
42*a 
Am Seat 
.4o 13 
56 12'a 
ASh ip 
. lOi 
8 
222 147a 
Am Stnd 
1.5o 
7 
539 267a 
AStd pf 4.75 
346 75'74 
Am Stern 
3o 
16 
927 
9'? 
A m S trs 
1 9o 
5 
112 32 
ATT 
4 2o IO 68o1 63* b 
ATT pf 
4 
AT T pf 
3 64 
ATT pf 
3.74 

25*4 
73*4 
8*4 
31'/- 

AW atW k .76 
A w a t pf 1.43 
A w at pf 1.25 
A W tr 5pf 1.25 
Am eron 
I 
Am esD 
.18e 

383 
66'4 
56 
49 
133 
49*4 
6 
16 12*a 
295o 
18+4 
231o 
14” ? 
. 235o IS '7? 
7 
64 17*a 
4 
79 
12 
Am etek 
1.4o IO 
431 3o” ? 
Am fac 
I 9 
225 
1 7 
A M IC 
,o8o 6 
121 
14*e 
A M P Inc 
,48 18 1765 26’ a 
Ampco 
.6o 9 
33 
11 ” 4 
Am pexCp l l 574 
83a 
Am repCp 
38 
2’ a 
A m star 
1.35 6 
193 25 
Am st pf 
.68 
22 
8+e 
Am ated 
2 8 
849 5o' ? 
Am tel 
.36 13 
495 
6*8 
A nchrH 
1.5o 7 
156 28% 
And Cl ay 
I 8 1386 25” ? 
Angelica 
.24 8 
363 
6*4 
A n ixter 
.2o 8 
242 
7” ? 
Ansu I Co .53t 
69 
7’ a 
Apache 
.7o 8 
161 
18*4 
A p co O il 
9 
3o6 36'? 
ApecoCp 
179 
2 
ApPw of8.12 
2 IOO 91’ ? 
ApPw pf7.4o 
247o 83'2 
A pldD ig 
9 539 ll* a 
ApldD iq pf I 
.. x235 26” 4 
A p pl Md 
1 1 
62 
3'a 
A rcataN .6o 
8 264 
163a 
Areal N pf 2 
2 3o*4 
Arch Dan 
2o 
8 1939 18'* 
A rc tic E n t 
8 
161 
4*6 
A rista r 
76 
3' a 
Ari?PSv I 48 
7 
64o 19 

27*4 
24 
6’ a 
7 
7** 

A ri Pp! 1o 7o 
A rkBest .52b 
A rkLG s 1.8o 
A rle nR ty 
Arm ada 
A rm co 
I 8o 
A rm pf 2 IO 
A rm r pf4.75 

286o 117 
6 
39 
1o*4 
9 
415 
3o% 
316 
86 
3'a 
5' ? 
474 
29’ 2 
125 
29*a 
729o 
56'4 
Arm stC k 
I l l 
556 
23”4 
Arm C pf3.75 
265o 
53*a 
A rm Ro 
I 4 
112 2oV* 
AroCorp lb 7 
31 19 
A rvin 
64 5 
191 17’ a 
A rv in ln pf 2 
51 
28’ a 
Asarco 
8o 15 5674 23*a 
AshlO il 
1 9o 7 
743 33 
AsdDrG 
1.5o IO 
383 31% 
Athlone 
.8o 6 
239 15’ 4 
AticoM tg 
69 
2’ 4 
AtlC yE I 1 62 
8 
148 22 
AtlCE pf5 87 
2 81 
A tlR icb 1 6o 1o 4276 53*4 
AtlRc. pf 
3 
IO 181 
A tl Re pf3.75 y 15o 
5o*4 
At! Re pf2 8o . 
341 
66’ 4 
A tla sC p l l 
5o5 22 7a 
AutoDta 
24 18 
794 
25*8 
A u tm lnd .24 
6 
22o 
8*s 
AvcoCp 
2 1256 
14’ a 
AvcoCp wt 
19o 
7a 
AvcoCp pf 
135 
49’ 4 
A ve ry Int 
36 13 
317 22” ? 
Avis Inc 
.4o 6 1488 !234 
A vneflnc 6o 
6 
552 17'? 
AvonPd 
2 16 2o71 47*8 
BT M ig 
149 
2” ? 
BabckW 
I 2o 9 2525 4o% 
Bache 
.4o 5 
29 1 
7 
B akerln 
.36 9 
696 12*8 
Bakr Intl 
.42 13 
647 47’ 7 
BaldDH 
.68 6 
49 14*8 
BallCp 
.8o 6 
53 17*8 
B a lly M f 
28 3341 
293s 
BaltGE 2 o8 
8 
837 
25’ 4 
D alt pf B4.5o 
217o 
55 
Banca 
6o 28 
48o 21 
Bandag 
.3o 9 
BangPht 
BanP pf 1.25 
BanP pf 
2 
BkofN Y 2 32 
BkofVa 

362 
14’ e 
2o8 
16” ? 
5 
22 
14 287 a 
213 
367a 
116 
14*4 
Bank Am .8o l l 3583 
26 
BankTr 
3 8 
4o3 37*a 
BnkT pf 2 5o 
69 
28*a 
BarbOil I 6o 16 
753 
38*4 
B ardC R .24 12x622 
13374 
BarnsGp .8o 
7 
55 
19 
Basic I ne 
I 6 5o5 19% 
Basic pf2 5o 
7229o 
43*4 
BatesMf 
.8o 6o 
84 3o*4 
BauschL 
I IO 
732 35*e 
B a xtT rv 
24 18 2342 
34 
BayStG 1.96 
7 x18 
22'/? 
BaykCig 
.24 21 
3 
5 
Bearing 
.5o IO 
121 28' ? 
BeatPds 
96 12 1836 
25'a 
Beat Pel pf 4 
I 127 
Beckmn 
.32 14 
274 
23’ ? 
Beet Dick 6o 14 1614 
313a 
BeechA 
I 7 
194 2o7a 
Beker 
.28 
Bel COP 
I 
Selden 
132 
BeldnH 
36b 

517 
8” ? 
297 
25’ a 
75 
22” ? 
8 
58 
7’ ? 
Bel I How 
84 77 
227 
2o 
BellCda 4 o8 
7 
639 
47’ a 
7 
37 
2o7 a 
9 1349 
42’ ? 
2 
5 
85’ 7 
668 
24% 
57 
53 
78o 
51’ ? 
I IOO 1o734 
239o 
28'? 
43 
1*8 
3*a 
4*8 

Semis 
I 2o 
Bendix 
2 
Bendix pf 
3 
Bent ICP I 6o 
Benef pf 4.3o 
Benet pf4 5o 
Benef pf5.5o 
Benef pf2 5o 
Bnf SIM 
Beng tB 
o7e 18 3996 
Ber key P 
213 
Best Rd 
7 412 217a 
Beth SII 
2 
9 2698 
36’ 4 
Big Three .4o 17 459 32’ a 
Bl ack Dr 
48 
15 217o 
16% 
B la irjn 
64 
6 
1 56 157a 
B li5s ta u 
I o8 7 
6o 19*8 
BIOckHR 
I 
282 765 2o’ a 
Blue Bell 
I 
6 869 28*4 
Bluebrd .o5e 
6 
131 
53a 
Bobbie Br 
95 
33a 
Boeing 
I 4o 
9 1633 
44' 4 
BoiseCs I. IO IO 1621 
323« 
BkMnth I 2o l l 
13o 
25% 
Borden 
I 4o 
9 
752 
33*a 
Bor War I 6o 
7 
458 
31*a 
B orm ans 
5 
11o 
4'? 
BosEd 
2 44 IO 
19o 
27 
BosE pf 8 88 
25oo 
95” ? 
BosE pr 1.17 
153 
12*8 
Bose pr I 46 
83 
153e 
Braniff 
24 
7 1427 
9% 
BraunCP 
6o 
7 
319 36’ a 
Briq Sir 
.92 13 
398 29% 
Brist My 2 2o 13x1441 64 
BristM pf 
2 
79 43*4 
B rit Pet 
33e 17x1544 14 
BrkwGI 
I 4o 7 935 35% 
BklyUG 1 8o 
9x185 
2o7a 
Bk UG pf 2 47 
23 
27'a 
BwnShrp 
2o 21 
27 
9'a 
BrownC 
22e l l x63 
9'a 
BwriGp 
1 4o 7 
19o 22’ 4 
Brwn Per .4o 
12 8oo 
9*a 
Brunswk 
.6o 
7x1337 16” a 
BruShW n I 7 
6o 227a 
BucyEr 
64 13 913 25% 
BucMCo 
I 2o 5 6o7 19*a 
BudCa pf 6o l l ■ 6% 
Budglnd lOr 
7 
32 
9 
BuffPo I 
4oa 8 
98 31'4 
B u lova 
1o7 
7’ 4 
BundyCp 8o 
6 
43 12 

1*4 
2 *4 
4*4 

8*8 
33*a 
34 

21*8 
22 
+ 
9 
9*6 f 
15*8 
15% + 
22 
22% 
25’ a 
25” ? f 
18'? 
19 

Y early la w 

Sale* 
Net 
(h d v ) H igh Low last Chg 
196 ’ 357a 
34’ a 
35*8 + 
% 
4 7a 
4*4 
4 * 4. 
21”? 2o'4 
2o*4 + 
14 
13*s 
13*4 
42 
38” ? 
39*8— . 
2 1 'a 2o”4 
2o”?— I 
IO’ a 
9 *4 IO ........... 
44*a 43% 
43*4 
*8 
12’ a 11*8 
12 
+ 
'4 
3 
2*4 
3 
+ 
” 4 
12' 8 
12 
12< a 
4’ a 
37 a 
4 
...... ll '? 1o*4 
IO7 a— 
’ ? 
3o’ a 29 
29*a— 
*4 
46 
45 
45 — 
”? 
14 
13” ? 14 4- 
*8 
187’a 18 
18*8 + 
*8 
3’/4 
3 
3% ” ” e 
26’ ? 26*4— 1*4 
11o 14'4 
13*4 
14’* + 
14 
161 3o’ a 29” ? 
3o 
199 18*4 17*a 
18*8 f 
7a 
15*a IS 
15% + 
’ a 
237o 114” ? 113 V* 
114” ?— ” ? 
267o 1o37a 
1o3 
1o37a f ” ? 
21o 9o 
9o 
9o 
— 
’.? 
26o 9o’ ? 9o'? 
9o’ ?— I ’ ? 
361 
17 
16 
16” ?— 
’ ? 
44 177'a 17*8 
17T8+- 
’ j 
6 Ta 

*8 
’ 4 
2*8 

*4 

6*8 
6*4— 

21” ? 
22 
+ 
*8 
26'a 
26*4.......... 
2o7a 
21 
+ 
>8 
19'a 
19' ? 4- 
3a 
6'a 
6l7a— 
'a 
13*8 
13” ?— 
3 a 
23'a 
23*8— 
*4 
42'4 
42’ ?. 
2o* a 
21’4 + 
3 a 
13V4 
13*4+ 
'a 
42’ a 
43 ”4 f 
13*8 
13*a. 
1o'4 
1o’4— Va 
42” 4 
43*8+ I Va 
21’4 
21*4.......... 
54” ? 
55”'?— 
” ? 
3 
3” a+ 
Va 
27*5 
27*8— I ’ a 
8*o 
87/a + 
’ a 
17*4 
18 
+ 
’ 4 
56” i 
5 6 *4 - I ’ a 
34 
35*8 f l 7 s 
48 ” 4 
49*4+ I 
118 
118 
— 2 
51*8 
51*4.......... 
23*a 
25 
— 
*a 
17’ ? 
1778.......... 
35’ a 
35’4 + 
” 4 
295a 
3o*8 f 
*4 
68’ ? 
7o’4 + 17'a 
2o7 a 
21 
— I 
1o 
IO’ 4— 
>4 
2*4 
277a.......... 
22 
22 
11*4 
IIT * 
13’ a 
13’4 — 
”4 
43’ ? 
43*4— 
’4 
23*4 
23*4— 
” 4 
4o*4 
41” ?— *8 
1o*8 
1o*8-— 
’ a 
387a 
39” ?+ 
Va 
227a 227a — 
” 4 
2v< 
2*a 
. 
16 
163a— 
’ 4 
25” a 
26’4 — 
’ ? 
97a 
97a + 
’ a 
25*8 
257'a— 
” ? 
7 
7 
— 
*a 
14 
14 V a * 
Va 
73’ ? 
24 
+ 
*a 
13*a 
13*8+ 
’ a 
3” a 
3>4........... 
11 l l Vb........ 
23” ? 
24’ 'a + 
’ a 
17 
17’4 + 
’ a 
18’ a 
19 
— 
V4 
26*4 
27” ? + 1V4 
19’4 
1914— 
*4 
21*8 
21*8— 
*8 
29’ a 
29*4— 
7 a 
135’ 4 135’4 — 3*4 
25*8 
25*8— I ’ 4 
4” B 
4” ?+ 
Va 
12’4 
12*a— 
V? 
8” ? 
8*8 
4> a 
4*4 f 
’ ? 
413a 
4176+ 
’4 
1 l 7a 
12 
. . . . 
13*8 
14’4 + 
”8 
26*s........ 
75 
.......... 
9V?+ i/4 
31” ?— 
*4 
61*4 
63” b+ 
*4 
65’ a 
66’7e + 
*8 
48*8 
49 
+ 
*a 
49” ? 
49*4+ 
’ a 
12*8 
12 *8 - 
’ a 
18’ a 
18’/e.......... 
14 
14 
— 
” ? 
15 
15 
16*8 
1 6 *8 - 
7a 
11’ a l l ” ?— 
*8 
29 ” 4 
29>4— 
” ? 
16'? 
167/a— 
Va 
13*8 
13*4— 
25’4 
25” ? + 
1o78 
11Va + 
8’ a 
8*4.......... 
17a 
178 
.. 
24 
24 
— *8 
8 
8 
— ’ a 
48’ a 
5o*8 + I 
5*8 
6 
— 
*4 
28 
— 
*4 
24*8— I ”8 
6*8— 
*8 
718— 
Va 
7*6.......... 
17*8 
17*4— 
*8 
35 
35*8— I ’4 
1*4 
1*4— 
” e 
9o 
9o 
— 2*4 
81 ”4 
81’4— 
Va l l ’ a l l Va........ 
25’4 
25'? + 
78 
3 
3” B— 
Va 
15' a 
15*4— 
Vt 
3o ” 4 
3o>4— 
Vt 
16’ ? 
17'8— Ta 
4 
4 '4 ...... 
3 
3 
- 'a 
18' ? 
1878 f 
’4 
H6” 4 117 
— 
” ? 
IO” ? 
IO” ?— 
Vt 
29*8 
29*4 - 
7 a 
2*4 
278— 
Va 
5”4 
5*8...... 
28*4 
29 
28” a 
28*a— I ”4 
54’ ? 
55 h 
V? 
22” ? 
22*8— 
’ a 
53” ? 
53” ?+ 
V? 
25 
25 
- I 
18’ a 
18' a— 
*4 
16'a 
16’ a— 
7 a 
27*4 
27*4— 
*8 
21*e 23*8 f Ta 
32 
32*8 f 
*8 
31*8 
31*8— 
3 a 
14*8 
15’4 + 
*8 
2 
2” a...... 
21*8 
217/a+ 
*8 
81 
81 
— 
” ? 
51*6 
52*4+ 1*8 
18o 
18o 
+ 8” ? 
5o’4 
5o’4 + I 
64 
66 
+ 2 
21*8 
22” ?+ I ” ? 
25 ” e 
25'4— 
*a 
8 
8>4+ 
’ a 
13 
13” ? - 
*4 
*4 
* 4— I 16 
48*6 
48’ a- 
*6 
2o*8 
2 o *8 - 17/a 
11 *8 
12*4+ 
*8 
16*4- 167-8— 
*8 
46*a 
47’4 + 
” ? 
2 Va 
2V?+ 
” 4 
34 
4o 
+ 5*4 
678 
6*8— 
’ a l l ’ ? 
11*4— 
’ ? 
46” ? 
46*4...... 
14*8 
14*8+ 
” 6 
17’ a 
I7*a— va 
27*8 
28*a+ 
*8 
24*a 
24*8— 
VB 
54’4 
55 
.......... 
19’ a 
2o*8 + 
*8 
13*8 
1 3 *8 - 
” ? 
16 
16” a + 
Va 
22 
27 
28’4 
283a + 
’-a 
36’ a 
36*8+ 
3 a 
14*a 
14*4 + 
*a 
24 *e 
25’4 — 
*a 
36 
3 6 *8 - 
*8 
28 VB 
28’ 8 - 
’ 4 
37 
38” ? + 
*a 
12*4 
13’ b— 
*» 
18”'a 
18’4 — 
*a 
17” ? 
19” a + 1*8 
4o 
43*4 + 4<4 
29” ? 
3o*4+ 
*4 
33*8 
34*8+ 
*8 
31*8 
32’/?— 
’ ? 
217'a 
22 
— 
’ a 
5 
5 
... . 
77’ '4 
27’ 4— 
” ? 
24V? 24*a + 
Va 
127 
127 
— 6 
22”a 
2 2 *4 - 
*a 
3o” ? 
3o*«— 
Vt 
2o’ ? 
2o'?.......... 
8 
8 
Va 
23*4 
24'8— I 
21 ’ J 
22” ?+ 
3 8 
7'a 
7” ? + 
’ a 
19*4 
19*8— 
'a 
46” ? 
47 
+ 
'4 
2o 
2o '4 — 
*8 
4o*8 
41'?— 
'a 
85” ? 
85” ?— 
V? 
23*8 
24 
. . . . . . 
5o*4 
51” ? - I 
51V? 
51'?+ 
'? 
1o6 
1o7 *a - 
'? 
28’ 4 
28’ a - 
*4 
1*8.......... 
2 7 8 - 
Vt 
4V?.......... 
19'? 
2o”7a— I ” ? 
33*4 
3 5 *8 - I ” ? 
31’ a 
3 1 *4 - 
4 a 
16' b 
16*»— 
'a 
14*a 
15 
— 
** 
19” a 
19*8+ 
” a 
19*8 
1 9 *4 - 
'.t 
2734 28*a + 
' a 
5’ 4 
53s ... 
3 ”a 
3*a..... 
42*a 
43” ?.......... 
31'? 
32” a........ 
23’ a 
25*4+ 2’ ? 
32 4a 
33'a + 
H 
3o*8 
31’ ?+ 
'? 
4 ’ a 
4 ” 4 — 
'a 
26” ? 
26*4 — 
'a 
95 
95” ?+ I 
12’ a 
12”i + 
’ 8 
15'a 
15’ a.......... 
9Va+ 
'a 
1*4 
27*a 
28 
— 
617a 
62+ 8- I 
41 
4 1 — 2 
13’ ? 
13*a+ 
'a 
33*a 
35*4+ Ta 
2o 
2o 
26*a 
27 
8*a 
8*8 

High 
72" a 
12” 4 
TO’ 4 
3o3a 
48 ”4 
8 
2o” ? 
913 
23' 
59’ 4 
4o'a 
5*4 
I ’ 4 
5*a 
4o’ 4 
15 16 
7’ a 
5” ? 
197a 
11' 4 
9 ’ 4 
16 
13’ 4 
49H 
TO^a 
3*4 
49’ a 
4*6 
5’ a 
8*a 
2o’ 4 
18 
7 
3o4-a 
39'1 a 
344<a 
17 
9*8 
57 
23 
I ” ? 
364a 
3’ i 
18’ 4 
7o' ? 
6’ a 
233a 
3o7 a 
397 a 
2o'4 
32 
IS 
22 
38 
8 
IO’ 8 
16’ ? 
58 
17'a 
51’ a 
53 U 
1234 
17’ e 
'* a’ a 

21 ’ a BunkHil I 86 
8 
B u nkR a 
12 
272 
1534 BnkR pf 1.5o 
9 
23*4 B u rlin g I 4o 
7 
417 
41’ a Burl No 
1.6o 
8 1195 
/ ’ a B u r!No pf .55 
52 
17’ 4 Burndy 
66 11 
IQI 
4 
6o 
B u rrg h s BO 13x5169 633 
5 
642 
IO 1259 
I 
13 

18” ? ButtesGO 
55 
CBS 
2 
37’ 4 CBS pf 
I 
3*a CCI 
Corp 
*4 C I M fg G p 
4” ? O R B Inv 
36 
C IT F in 
2 4o 
4a CLASSI 
6’ a CLAS pf. 12k 
44a CLCAm 
.24 
16 
C M IInv 
1o*8 CM I In v w i 
6H CNA Finl 
13’ 7 CNA pf A1. IO 
12 
CNAI 
I o8a 
44’ 7 CPCInf 2.5o 
9 
18’ 4 CTSCp 
.7o 
7 
2’ ? CabCabF 
42’ ? CabotC 
1.4o 
7 
3*a Cadence 
4 
4 
C aesars 
8 
Cal Finl 
7 
18’ 4 CalPUt 
1.64 
7 
12*4 Callahn 
35b 21 
1va CamernBr 
23 
Cm pRL 
6oa 29 
36’ a CamSp I 48 12 
3o4a CampT 
I 32 IO 
15*4 CdnPac 
86e 
6 
8 
Canal R 
.64 l l 
45 
Cap O tis 
.7o 1ox719 
2o’ i CapHold 
6o IO 1157 
T a CapitM tg 
21 
32 
Carbor 
1.12 
8 
6o5 
24a C a rlin g O 
16 
4o 
15’ a C arlisle 
.88 
7 
61 
65 
CaroCO 
5 y22o 

Soles 
N et 
(h d t.) H igh Low la s t Chg. 
46 
21V? 
21V6 
21’ ?+ 
” 3 
IO’ ? 
1 o *8 - 
V? 
18 
18 • — 
V« 
24 
24” ?+ 
*8 
44 
44” ?— 3 
7*4 
7*4— 
1/4 
17” ? 
17’/?— 
” 8 
6o 
61’ ?+ 
Vt 
19’8 
19*6+ 
+8 
56’ 4 
57*4+ 
*8 
3856 38*8— 1*8 
5 Va 
5 ” 6. 
. 
Vs 

 l l 
18 ” 8 
24” ? 
47’ a 
8 
1 7 *4 

8 

IO 

2o” 6 
58 
384a 
232 
5*6 
11215 16 
8o 
5*8 
388 
37*4 
36 
3 4 
25 
2o1 
84 
3 
872 
82 
168 
483 
162 
63 
16o 
198 
8o 
4o1 
125 
31o 
6o 
197 
5o7 
37 
552 
6 

*413 I 
5*8 
5*4 

6*8 
5” a 
16*6 l l ’ * 
7’ 4 
13*8 
12*8 
48+b 
19*4 
3’ 8 
46 
4*4 
4*4 
8 * 4 
1 8 *4 
17’ a 
1 *4 
28*4 
37*4 
33 ” 4 
16*8 
8’ ? 
4634 
21” ? 
I ’/* 
33*8 
2*8 
18 
67’ ? 
5*4 C aroFrg 
.2o 12 
36 
6 
21’ 7 CaroPw 1.72 
8x1743 22*8 
29 
C a rp pf 2 67 
47 29*a 
34 
CarTec 
2 7 
186 
15*8 CarrCp 
64 l l 1152 

71 
19’ a 
56 
32*4 
2934 
16’ a 
79’ a 
16*a 
15' a 
254a 
777a 
26 ” b 
3o’ a 
77’ a 
77’ ? 
144a 
5 
3o*a 
I 
9 
I 334a 
3’ 4 
, 
7 ” 4 
34 
45*8 
* 31*8 
I 26*8 
1 41’ ? 
I 
8*4 i 153a j 3o*8 
[ 
4 ’ a 
7*6 
183a 
1734 
75 
22 
35*a 
76 
23” ? 
51 
59’ a 
1o8’ ? 1o5 
91*8 
HO 
387a 
34 
61*4 
IS’ a 

29 
Carr pf 2.25 
13 
C arrGn 
88e 
18 
C artH aw .9o 
9 
33” ? C artH w pf2 
7 
C artW all .4o IO 
8’ a CascNG ,5or IO 
147a CasflCk 
8ob 
4834 C a trpT r 1.51 
15 
CecoCp 
45’ a Celanse 2 8o IO 
51 
Celan p f4 .so 
IO’ 7 Centex 
. 12 
9 
15” ? Cen Sow 
15*4 
15*e— 

1.5o 12 
H S 12 

24o 
28 
58o 
32 
177 
56 
322 
297o 
74 
636 
4 
423 
o*4 

39 
17” ? 
32 
13’ ? 
19*4 
34 3 4 
7” ? 
8*8 
153 * 
553a 
15*8 
49 
51*4 
12 

36 
*8 
67a 
4*6 
16’ 4 
11 ” 4 
6*4 
13V? 
12*8 
46*4 
19 
2*8 
44*4 
4*8 
4Vb 
8>? 
18*8 
16” 4 
1*8 
27*4 
36*a 
32 ” 4 
16’ a 
8*8 
45 
2o*8 
I ” 8 
33 
2*8 
17V? 
66 
5*4 
2 1 * 4 
29 ” 4 
37 
16” ? 
32 
13 
18” b 
33” ? 
7” a 
8” ? 
14*8 
54” a 
15 
48 ”4 
51’ ? l l ” ? 

19’ a Cen Hud 1 
17*4 C e n lllL t 1.6o 
52 
Cn I Ll pf 4.5o 
3o’ ? C n lLt pf2.87 
28’ 4 C nlLt pf2.62 
14’ ,, Conli PS 1.28 l l 
234a CenLaE 1.4o 
9 
15” ? CeMPw 1.4o 
13’ a CenSoya .7o 
23*4 Cen Tel 
1.5o 
23'a C enfrDat 
I 
19*b Crt teed 
.7o 
26*a CessAir 1.2o 
22” b Cham pln 
I 
22’ 4 Chml pf 1.2o l l ” ? Cham Sp 
.68 IO 

7x296 
9 
188 
714o 
7222o 
785o 
3oo 
449 
9x195 
8 
479 
1o 
7o7 
11 
288 
IO 1657 
7 
343 
8 177o 
154 

3*4 ChartCo 
.o8 
28 
C h rtNY 2.12 
8’ 4 ChasFd 
6oe 
29*a Ch aseM 2.2o 
2” ? Ch aseT 
5*4 Chelsea 
.4o 
29’ a Chemtn 1.5o 
4o 
Chm NY 288 
28 
Ch es Va 1.36 
21*4 Chese Pn 
84 13 1414 

768 
4o4 
6 
321 
19o 
8 115o 
189 
27 
9 
255 
6 
421 
35 

35 
Chessie 2.32 
6*6 C hiM lw 
12’ ? C hiM tw pf 
25*a Chi PneT 
2 
3’ a C h k F ult 
4*a ChrisCft 
13’ 2 ChrCft p f 
14” ? Chroma! 
84 
68 
Chroma pf 5 

889 
115 
12 
7 
327 
155 
5 
199 
15 
7x283 x9 

2o” a 
18 
54 
32 
29’ 4 
14*8 
24*8 
16' ? 
13*8 
25” ? 
24” 6 
25*a 
27 7 a 
24” 6 
24*a 
12” a 
4*4 
294a 
8*a 
3o” 6 
27a 
6 
31*8 
41” , 
31” ? 
22*8 
4o’ 4 
8’ a 
15 
26 

18’ a C hrysler 
45e 3 3o98 
294a C hurch 
6ob 
23’ 4 CinBell 
1.6o 
9 
21*e CinnGE 1.64 12 
47” ? CinG pf 
4 .. 
55” ? CinG pf4.75 
“ 
CinG pf9 3o 
BB 
CinG pf7 44 
1o5'4 CinG pf9 52 
34’ 4 C ir M i I a I 4o 14 

6*4 + 
9 
6’ ? 
8 * 4 
29*« 
31 ” 4 + 
7 
7 l l ’/* 
11 Vs 

2 8’ 4 
12 
4 3 ’ 4 
197a 
71 
34 > 4 
9o ” 4 
92 
129 
13 
1 2 *4 
IO3 a 
1 3 ” 4 
18 
2 6 ’ a 
22> ? 
9 *8 
8o ” 4 
16’ ? 
127 a 
8 
27*a 
51’ 4 
13 
9*a 
29 'a 
24’ 4 
547 a 
2 87 a 
7 5 3 4 
31 
64 
62 
11 *4 
2734 
116 
2 8 ’ a 
23*4 
55 
48 
287a 
3134 
1o’ a 
2 1 7 a 
23’ ? 
24-* 4 
28 
33’ 4 
1o2 
8 9 ’ 4 
8 34 
197a 
37’ 4 
3 7’ a 
8*a 
14’ a 
25*a 
17' 4 
2o’ a 
26’ 7 
2 3’ 4 
7434 
52’ ? 
5 6 ’ 4 
27 
71’ 7 
26’ ? 
3 9 ’ a 
121 
23’ ? 
47 
52 
53 
82 
8 4 ’ 4 
86’ 4 
8 4 ’ a 
2 6 *4 
74’ 7 
9 3 ’ 4 
7*8 
6” b 
5 4 7 a 
37”+ 
6o*a 
17’ a 
V t 
38 
IOT? 
1 7 *8 
26*a 
5 2 *4 
39 
4*8 
43’ 4 
12” ? 
18*8 
18+4 
2o’ a 
24 
ST ? 
3*4 
71’ ? 
2 
137b 
33*a 
15*e 
33’ 4 
6 ” 4 
29 
47’ 4 
15” ? 
.3 2 
85 
2 1 * 8 
45*8 
32*4 
23’ 4 
13*a 
52*4 
141 
9 ’ a 
12*4 
18*a 
2 8 ” ? 
44’ a 
28” ? 
26+4 

8’4 
8 ” 4 
9 * 4 
2 9 *4 
35’ ? 
39 
46’ 4 
19’ 4 
77 
38’ a 
2o'a 
1 2 9*4 
3 1 *4 
29*a 
1 4 ’ a 
39*a 
8’ ? 
5’ 4 
2 6 *4 
247a 

2776 C iticorp I o6 
57 
CitiesSv 
3 
12” ? C ityln vst 
8o 
+'4 C ity In v w t 
243a Cif yin pf 
2 l l ’ a C ilyh p f 1.1o 
36V? C larkE 1.6oa 
8 
14 
C larkO il 
.5o 12 
62’ a Cl VCI if I 8oa ll 
32 
ClevEI 
2.64 
9 
85*4 ClvEI pf7 4o 
87 
ClvEI pf7 56 . 
124 
ClvEI pf 12 
1o*8 Clevepk .6o 
IO' 4 Clorox 
52 
87a Clue!Pea .5o 
11*8 C luettP pf I 
13”6 C stStG s 
5 
22” ? Cst SO pf I 83 
17*8 CstSG pf 1.19 

5 ” 4 
14 ” 4 
1 7 ” 4 
74” ? 
18*4 
3o7 a 
25” ? 
22*8 
49” ? 
57*8 
28o 1o5’ ? 1o5 
Z2oo 
88’ ? 
88 
22o 1o8 
54 
38” 

236 
52 
414 
242o z6oo 

19*8 
17*4 
52” ? 
3o’ ? 
28*8 
14+8 
23*8 
15*8 
13’74 
24” ? 
23*6 
2437< 
27” 6 
2338 
23*4 l l ” ? 
4’ 4 
28 Va 
8 ” 4 
29*8 
2’ ? 
5*8 
29’ a 
4o 
28*a 
21*4 
39 ” 4 
7*a 
14’ ? 
25*8 
3*8 
5 
1 3 *4 
15*8 
73*4 
18’ a 
29*8 
25’ a 
22’ a 
48” ? 
57*8 

36+«— 
’ 4 
*8— I 16 
6*a— 
’ a 
5’ 8 + 
Va 
16*4.......... 
11 Vt + 
*a 
6*4-- 
*a 
13*4.......... 
12” ?+ 
’ a 
47” 4— 1*8 
19 
— 
*8 
2 *t— 
Va 
45 
— 
4*8+ 
4*8 
8” ?— 
18” ? . 
16*4— 
1*8. 
28 
— 
37*4 + 
32*8— 
16*8— 
8*8. . 
45’/?— 
21 
— 
Iva— 
3378 + 
278 + 
17*4. . 
67” ? + 
5*4— 
22 
+ 
29*8 
37”8— 
17’/4 + 
32 
. 
13” ? + 
18'/4— 
34 
- 
7’/4— 
” 4 
8*4+ 
”'4 
15 
— 
*a 
55’ s + 
*8 
IS’ a.......... 
48*4— 
” ? 
51’/?— 
>8 
11*4.......... 
& Vt— 

*4 

I 

1*8 
*8 

*4 

1*8 

1*8 
’4 

19*8 + 
177/*— 
52” ?— 
3o” ?— 
28*8— 
1 4 *8 + 
24*4. . 
1 5 * 8 - 
13*8........ 
25” ? + I 
24 
25*4+ 
*4 
27” ? + 
Vt 
2 3*6 + 
V4 
24’8 ......... 
11*4............ 
4” ?— 
Va 
2877a— 
*4 
8’ ? + 
” a 
2 9 * 4 — 
Vt 
2 * 4 + 
>/4 
6 
........ 
29” ?— 2 
41 ” 4 + 
” 4 
31” ? + 2*8 
22” ? + 
Va 
391/4— s, 
*8 

1 * 4 
I ” ? 
*8 

Vt 

9 3454 
28*a 
7 1368 
6o*4 
8x1524 13*e 
12 5 16 xl4o 
24*a 
259 
8 
878 
533 
85 
461 
239o 
735o 
.2447o 126” ? 
6 
213 
12 Va 
9 
871 
5 
386 
29 
987 
73 
31 

11*8 
38 ”4 
17’/? 
66 
33*8 
86” ? 

7*4 Coca Btl 
4oa 14 1673 
73 
Coca Col 3 o8 16 182o 
7 
47 
5 
66 
9 
251 
13 2672 
72oo 
6 1279 
2o9 

8 

8 
185 l l 
962 
2 
13 
4o9 
9 2567 
3 
24 
32 
133 
146 
59 
2o 
I 
321 
45 
1343 
248 
568 
1o1 
344 
7o3 
227 
62 
117o 
13 y3oo x24 
I 1154 
41 
7 
4o1 
553 

14*4 ColdwBk l l 
ColeNat 
6o 
5”a Coleco 
23+a ColgPal 
.88 
48*6 ColaP pf3.5o 
11 
Coll in Aik .64 
7*8 Col I in F 
.2o 
24+4 Col Penn 
.7o 
21V? Colonist I 45 
49 
C oltlnd 
2.5o 
26” ? Colt pf I 6o 
7o 
Colt pf 4.25 
28 
Col Gas 2.24 
59” ? ColGs pf5.62 
58'? ColGs pf5.48 
7*a ColuPicf 
25' 4 Col SOh 
2 2o 
HO 
Co SO pf IO.52 
27 
Co SO pf 2 .42 
19 
Combe 
-o5e 
45*8 CombEng 
2 
43 
Cm E pf 1 .7o 
22*4 CmbEq 
1or 
28' ? ComwE 2 4o 
9*8 Com Ed B wt 
197 a ComE pf I 42 
217 a ComE pf 1.9o 
23' 2 ComE pf 
2 
27 
ComE pf2 37 
31 ” 4 ComE pf2 87 
97*8 Com e pf8.4o 
87 
ComE pf?.24 
4*8 ComwO 
117 a Como pf 1.72 
?9*a Comsat 
I 
31 
Compar .2o 
7 
CompSci 
11*4 Con A gr 
.75 
21*4 ConeMI I 2o 
13'4 Congolm .6o 
16*8 ConnM 1.6o 
2334 Conrac 
8ob 
2o*4 Con Ed 
2 
72'4 ConE pf 
6 
49 
ConE pf 4.65 
52'4 ConE pf 
5 
22*a ConFds 1.4o 
64 
ConF pf 4 SO 
22 
Con F rat 
8o 
34s a Con NGS 2.5o 
117' 2 CnG pf 1o.96 
2o7e ConsPw 
2 
43’ 2 CnPw p f4 .16 
48 
CnPw pf4.5o 
SO” 4 CnPw pf4.52 
77'2 CnPw pf7 45 
79' b CnPw pf?.72 
8o' v CnPw pf7,76 
8o 
CnPw pf7 68 
25'a CnPw pf2 43 
67’ 4 CnPw pts.5o 
84 
CnPw pf 
6 
6 
C ontA ir 
5'4 Con I Cop 
5o 
47*4 ContICp 2 8o 13 
33' 2 C ntlG rp 
2 
9 
53'4 Con 11 Cd 2 4o 
7 
15*a Conti IP 
I 28 
I' ? Cont ll Rt 
33”? Cont Oil 1.2o 
9o’ 7 ContOilpf 
2 
15 
Cont Tel I o8 IO 2186 
21 ”4 ContDta 
15e 
8 1246 
46' 2 CnDt pf4.5o 
. 231o 
353a Conwd 
2 2o 
8 
17 
3*a Cook Un 
3ot 
7 
122 
38’ a Cooprln I o8 l l 
262 
1o 
CoopLab .2o 
8x 5o3 
15’ a CoopTR 
.7o 
167u COPT pf I 25 
17 
Copelnd 
68 
19’ 4 CoppRg 
45 
Coppw 2 4ob 
3 'a C o rd u ra lOe 14x92o 
59’ a CornG 1.52a 13 1436 
I ' 4 Cousins 
75 
12 
Cowles 
.64 
17 
33o 
28 
Cox Bde! 
.55 9 
289 
11 
Craig 
3o 
3 
163 
267a Crane 
1.2ob 
7 
4o6 
4*4 C re d itF 
24b 
6 
53 
25*4 CrockN I 66 
7 
429 
42'4 CrockN pf3 
17 
13' 2 C rom pK 
.9o 8 
157 
287a CrouHi 
I 11x112 
77 
CroHi pl3 35 x l3 
19*4 C rw nC k 
7 1941 
39' 2 CrwZel 
I 8o IO 
556 
26'4 C rum Fo 1.56 
9 
19+4 Culbro 
1.32 
7 
9*a Culligan 
.44 l l 
45' 4 Cum Eng I 4o 6 
124*4 CumE pf 7.SO 
8 
CunnDrg 
25 
11*6 C u rrlnc I o8 
IS'4 C urfisW r 6o 
25*4 C u rtW A 2 . 
37j3 cutlerH I 8o 
23 
Cyclop I 2oa 
23+a Cyprus 1.4o 63 

1o*8 
9” ? 
12*4 
15+6 
2 3*8 
19*8 
9 
78 
15** 
11*8 
6*8 
25*8 
51 
11V? 
7*8 
25” ? 
22’4 
5o*8 
27 Vt 
72' ? 
29” ? 
61+8 
6o 
1o*8 
26+? 
Z1o8o 116 
49 
27*8 

1o8 
37+4 
28+6 
59 
13*8 
Vt 
24” ? 
11*8 
36*4 
16*8 
65 
32” a 
85*4 
88” ? 

IOV4 
9 
12”i 
14” ? 

8 ” 4 
76” a 
15 ”'4 
11 ” 4 
5*8 
24” ? 
51 l l 
7 * 4 
24” ? 
21'/? 
49 
26” ? 
71 
28*a 
61 
59” ? 
9*8 
25*8 

1*8 

' ' Va 
*8 
” 8 
*8 
Vt 
” 6 
2 
I 

*6 
*8 
Ta 
” 4 
I 16 

IV 

V? 

22* 
55 
48 
28 
29’ a 
9*8 
2o'4 
22*8 
24 
27*8 
31*a 
98” ? 
87 
5*8 
12'4 
3 6 *4 
34 ” 4 
7*4 
13*8 
22*6 
15*8 
18*8 
24*a 
22*8 
73’ ? 
52” ? 
54 ” 4 
24*^8 
66 
22*a 
39*8 
212oo 12o*6 12o 
6 14o6 
21*8 
21 

IO 

Z17o 
241o n o 
2 82o z32o 
241o 
2162o 
81 
16 
4 
342 
7o 
745 
1784 
7 
627 
8x196 
117 
8 39o1 
I 

1o6 
15 
8 
132 
519 
7 
9 

358 
59 
27o 
31o 

232 
8 1516 
IO 
9 
4o7 
5 
56 
313 

15 
25*8. . 
4 
. . 
5” s. . 
14’/4 + 
16 — 
73*4. . 
18” ?+ 
3o*b+ 
25' a— 
22'74— 
49 
+ 
57*8— 
1o5 
— 
88 
— 
1o8 
37’ ?— 
28+6— 
59' ?— 
13*8 
5 16 
24*e........ l l ” ?.......... 
38” b f- I 
1 6 % - I ” 4 
65*8+ 
% 
33” b+ 
*8 
8 5 *4 - 
Vt 
88” ?— 
V? 
124” ? 126” ?+ TA 
11*4 
12” 8 + 
” 4 
IO’7?— 
Vt 
9*8 + 
3,e 
12*8.......... 
15 
+ 
22”?. 22”?— 
19” s 
19*8— 
” 4 
8* 1+ 
*8 
77” ?— 
Vs 
15’/?+ 
Vt 
11 Vt— v7 
6 — 
*8 
25”6 + 
*8 
51 
— 
Vt 
11 Vt.......... 
7*4.......... 
25,7?+ 
*8 
21V?— 
*a 
49*4— I Va 
26' 3— I 
71” ?+ 
Vt 
29” ?+ 
*8 
61’6 + 
Vs 
8o 
.......... 
9*8 + 
26*6 + 
114'k 116 
+ .1 ” ? 
27*6 
27” ?.......... 
22” s— 
*4 
53*8 + 
*4 
4 8 + 3 
27 
— 
Vt 
29*6+ 
'4 
9*8— 
Va 
2OV4— 
'6 
22” 4 f 
+8 
23” ? - 
” i 
27*8 + 
Vs 
31” ?.......... 
97*8— 
'/a 
87 
— 
'6 
5'/b— 
'/a 
12 
— 
Vs 
35*8— I ” ? 
34 
— 
Vt 
7*8 
13*8— 
22*8— 
14*8— 
18”4. . 
24'6— 
22” 4 + 
73” ? + 
5 o *4 - 
53 
.. 
23'?— 
64*4— 
22*4 . 
39*8+ 1*6 
12o*8+ 
*8 
21*4 + 
44 
— I ” ? 
49 
........ 
52” s........ 
8o 
+ I ” 
82+?— 
I 
82 
— I 
81” ?........ 
25*8........ 
69*4 + 
*8 
85*6— 
6+b. . 
5*8— 
48 
— 
36*4 + 
53 Vt— 
16 
2*8— 
35*6.. 
95 
- 2” ? 
16 
+ 
*8 
2 1 * 4 . .. 
51'?+ I 
3o” ? + 
*8 
3 *4 .... 
42*4 ... 
1o*8— I 
15*4— 
18 
— 
17*8— 
19*4— 2 
47*4— 
3 '? + 
61*8— 1*8 
1” 4— 
13*8 + 
29*8+ 
11”4— 
32”4 + 
5 
.. 
26” ?— 
” ? 
42*8 - I ” 8 
15'4 + 
31” ? + 
82+?— 
21 Vs. . 
4o” ? + 
28+4- 
2o’ 4— 
13’6 + 

21*4 
52*8 
46' ? 
26 
28” ? 
9*8 
19*8 
22'8 
23'? 
27'a 
31 ”4 
97*8 
87 
5 Va 
12 
35 
33” ? 
7*8 
13’ it 
21*4 
14*8 
17*4 
24' a 
22 
73” i 
5o*4 
52” 4 
23+4 
64’ ? 
22*8 
38” ? 

45' ? 
44 
5o'4 
48*4 
52” 8 
52'a 
8o 
78 
83 
82” ? 
83 
81” ? 
83'? 
8o” ? 
25'? 
25'a 
69*4 
69 
85*8 
85 
6” 4 
6 
5*4 
5*8 
48+b 
47*4 
37'4 
36'a 
54*4 
53”4 
16*8 
15*8 
2*8 
2*8 
35*8 
34*8 
95 
95 
16 
15 
2 2*8 
21” ? 
52 
5o” ? 
38'? 
38'4 
3*8 
3*8 
43 
42 
11*8 
1o*8 
I 6V4 
15*4 
18 
18 
17*4 
17*8 
21*8 
19*4 
48'4 
47*4 
3*4 
3Vt 
65 ” 4 
61*8 
I ” ? 
I ” 4 
1376 
13 
29% 
29% 
11*4 l l 
32*4 
31” ? 
5% 
4% 
27% 
26*s 
43' 7 
42*8 
15” ? 
13% 
31% 
31*6 
84 
82” ? 
2114 
2o” ? 
4o*6 
4o 
29*6 
28*8 
2o'? 
19*4 
13*8 
12*4 
5o% 
47% 48” ?— 1*8 
Z182o 1 35' 4 
13o’ 4 132” ?— 2 ” 4 
8 
51 
8' 4 
8% 8 '8 — 
12*8 
11% 
1 2 % .... 
18% 
17 
18*8+ I 
27*4 
27 
27*4 + I 
43% 
41% 42*6— 1% 
24*4 
24” ? 
24*8 
25*6 
24” ? 25*4+ 1*6 

6’ ? 
6% 
8”4 
24' 7 
3o >t 
33% 
4o% 
15% 
66” ? 
33% 
18% 
125 
26% 
26*4 
13 
3o 
4% 
4' a 
23 

DRF Inc 
Damon 
DanRiv 
DanaCp 
D a rtln d 
D art pf 
DataG en 
17 
Da yco 
.5ob 
Dayc pf 4.25 
D aytH d I 2o 
Day! PL 1.66 
DPL pf 12 5o 
Deere 
I IO 
DelAAon I SO 
Delm aP 1.2o 
Del ta A ir .7o 
Del tee 
Deltona 
DennM f I 24 
K% & 
Dennys 
.44 

D 
- L — I 
IO 
184 
.2o 53 12o2 
48 
6 
255 
I 
8 
427 
1b 
8x457 
2 
.. 
126 
791 
5x1o9 z5o 
9 
3o7 
1o 
524 
2 25o 126% 
8 5755 
3o78 
7 
393 
28*4 
9x4272 13*4 
8 1443 
31% 
13 
237 
8’ ? 
95 
4*8 
7 
1o2 
26% 
9 1774 

7*8 
7*4 
9% 
26 
32% 
36*8 
43'a 
19 
74% 
35*4 
2o 

6*8 
7*8 
8V? 
25 
31” ? 
35% 
4o*8 
17 
74 
34% 
19” ? 
125 
29% 
28 
13 
3o 
8% 
4' 8 
25*4 
2o% 

7 
— 
Vt 
7*8.......... 
9 
+ 
*8 
25” ?+ 
*4 
32% + 
” ? 
3 5 *4 - 
*4 
41% — I 
17*6 h 
% 
74%— 
% 
35' V - 
Vt 
19*8— 
*6 
126%+ 
” 4 
3o% + 1% 
28*6+ 
% 
13%+ 
% 
3o%— I 
8 * 6 - 
”6 
4 '4 + 
% 
25%.......... 
9 
19*8- 

3o% 
25 
Den'sDly 
8o l l 
142 
26*4 
25 
25”6— 11/4 
14% 
12'? 
D esoto 
6o 
8x177 
14 
12’ ? 
13 
— 
% 
' a 
16% 
15% D etEdis I 45 
9 1o85 
15% 
15 ”4 
15” ?+ va 
* 8 
68 
63’ ? DetE pf 5.5o 
6 
65 
64” ? 
65 
. 
% 
1o1 
95% 
DetE pf 9 32 
Z16o 
99 
98 
98 
— '% 
'/4 
83 
78 
DetE pf 7 68 z26o 
81 
8o+4 
81 
81' ? 
76 
DetE pf 7 45 
144o 
8o 
78 
78 
— 
1 
” 4 
8o 
75 
D etE pf 7.36 . 
Z12o 
79' ? 
78 
78 
— I ” ? 
” 4 
29 
27% DetE pf 2 75 
49 
78% 
27*4 
28 
Va 
28% 
27*b DeE p fB2.7S 
52 
28% 
27% 
28 
.. 
26’ ? 
22% 
D e x te r 
SO 
9 
154 
25 
24' ? 
24% 
” b 
8% 
6’ ? DiG iorg o5e 
8 
575 
7 
6” ? 
6% + 
” 8 
% 
13'? 
12% Dial Finl 
.7o 
6 
3o 
12% 
12% 
1 2 *8 - 
V? 
*8 
39% 
35% Diam Int 
2 
8x186 
36*8 
35” ? 
35V*.. 

Yeorly 
H igh 
Low 
22% 
38% 
34% 
8% 
13+s 
14% eboid 
54 
12% 
2 9% 
33% 
47% 
2 
1*4 
14*4 
5 2 % 
4 % 
24% 
18% 
12*4 
41” ? 
43’ ? 
34% 
28 
42% 
18’ 4 
8 * 4 
135 
52 
66% 
22+4 
9 1*4 
1o3% 
99 
95 
31” ? 
3o” ? 
2o*4 
23% 
25 
26 
26 
27 ” 4 
31 
89 
13% 
12% 
2o% 
4 
52% 
41 % 
2o*4 
21% 
9+8 
29% 
19% 
86% 
44 ”4 
27% 
29% 
6o% 
15% 
17 
3% 
.19% 
4 % l l 
29 
8 % 
31% 
36 
3 8 % 
12% 
39% 
5 2% 
16” ? 
6% 
6 % 
11% 
26% 
36% 
6*4 
32” ? 
115 
34' 4 
37’ ? 
29% 
14% 
39 
2 6% 
35% 
1 o % 
8+s 
45+4 
59+4 
14 
15 + 8 
29 
21% 
55% 
26% 
38 
9 % 
9*8 
6+4 
41% 
11% 
13% 
14% 
9 % 
6 % 
7+4 
27% 
25' ? 
17% 
19% 
24 
14% 
49+8 
3 4% 
1o*4 
7 % 
35% 
2o+4 
14*4 
1 9 *4 
21% 
23% 
17's 
22% 
37% 
43% 
17 
3o+a 
76% 
17” ? 
2 % 
12*4 
7 V t 
2 4% 
31 
13% 
14% 
1 9 *8 
17% 
14 
23% 
81 
4o*4 
36% 
24 
28 
32+6 
24+? 
38% 
91” ? 
7 % 
16% 
61% 
17% 
28 
15*4 
37+4 
23 ” 4 
5o% 
29’ ? 
31% 
23” ? 
31*4 
13 

13% 
1 9 *4 
34' a 
45 
9% 
6 
6% 
3o*4 
27’ ? 
4o*4 
13 
21’ ? 
15*4 
15% 
8*8 
27% 
19% 
17% 
12'? 
62'? 
14' a 
12% 
26% 
6 
61 
55% 
33 
23+4 
12+8 
22 ”4 
38+? 
2o*8 
347 a 
78” ? 
55 
72*4 
8*4 
19% 
9% 
53% 
8% 
317 a 
36% 
29 
16’ 7 
28% 
6% 
23% 
37” ? 
38” ? 
28% 
3o% 
89 
86*4 
31*4 
212 
18% 
1o*8 
11% 
11*8 
16+4 
2878 
9% 
14+8 
9% 
33” ? 
19% 
19” ? 
31% 
23% 
12% 
33% 
32*4 
31% 
3o ” 4 
21% 
15% 
18% 
14 + 4 
32% 
29” ? 
32*4 
24% 
K % 7 
23% 
2o% 
15% 
2% 
2% 
IO” ? 
19% 
16% 
18% 
3% 
74% 
87 
4o% 
13% 
3% 
3o% 
2o+4 
29' 2 
25% 
25 
14% 
58” ? 

17 
D iam M 1.72t 
7 
33*4 Diam Sh I IO 
9 
3o% Dia ofD 1.2o 
7% Dick AB 
.2o 13 
11% Dicfaphn .64 12 
Q*4 %L 
5o 
9 

Sates 
(bds.) H igh Low 
139 
1814 
644 
95 
2o7 

3o2 

21 
35% 
32% 
7” ? 
12*8 

12 
44% l l ” ? 
27*4 
32 
36% 
1*6 
I % 
12*6 
5o'4 
3% 
23% 
17% 
12 
39 
38” ? 
32 
27*6 
41*8 
17 
7*4 

4o+4 D igital Eq 
19 6396 
8% DIMingm .52 
5 
434 
25 
D illngm pf 2 
4 
3o 
Dillon 
I o8b 12 
41 
33% Disney 
,16 15 3469 
1% D lvrsfd ln 
93 
IV* D ivrsM tg 
.. lie l l 
Dr Peppr 
44 15 1126 
42% Dom eM 
.8o 16 
231 
2% Don Lu J .l?e 
6 
621 
22 
Donnelly 
68 IO 
596 
1 6 ' DorO liv .18e 
5 x55 
1o% Dorsey 
.4o 
5 
231 
34% OoverCp .9o l l 
88 
36+a Dow Ch 
I l l 4434 
29+4 Dow Jon I 16 16 
471 
22*8 Dr avo 
I o5 
9 
199 
37% Dresser 
.8o IO 129o 
16+it DrexBd I 44 
7o 
7” ? Dreyfus 55e 
6 
15 
125 ” 4 duPont 
5 
49% duPnt pf3.5o .. 
115 
52 
63 duPnt pf4.5o x!4 
65 
2o% DukeP 
1 6o 
8 4217 
2o” ? 
84 
Duke pf 6.75 
6 
86” ? 
99% Duke pf 8.7o ..z lllO 1o2 
93% Duke pf 8.2o z 25o 
96*4 
9o 
Duke pf 7 8o z424o 
29 
Duke pf 2 69 
75 
26% Dun Brd 1.o6 16 
351 
19 Vs DuqLtg 1.72 IO 
635 
22 
Duq pf I 87 zl7o 
23” ? Duq pf 
2 z55o 
23” ? Duq pf 2.o5 z2o 
24% Duq pfG2. IO 
26 
Duq pf 2.31 
29 ” 4 Duq pf 2.75 
84% Duq pf 7.2o l l ” 4 Dutch By .14 l l 
9% D ym oln .44 
7 
16” ? EG&G 
.36 14 

TO”? 
34% 
31 
7% 
12 

11” ? 
41 
1o% 
27” ? 
31% 
34 ” 4 
I ” 4 
1% l l ” ? 
48% 
2% 
23 
1 6 *4 
11% 
37% 
37% 
31” ? 
26% 
4o 
1 6 *4 
7 Vt 

STRICTLY BUSINESS 
McFeatters 

3*8 E M IL ! 
12e 
7 
4o*4 ESyst 
1.6ob 
8 
38% EagleP 
1.36 9 
2o% EagleP wi 
18's EascoCp .75 
7 
7” 8 East A ir 
4 
24 
E-astGsF .8o 
9 
17% E astU tl I 6o 
9 
67% EasKd I 6oa 17 6561 
39% Eaton 
2 
8 
479 
22” . E chiin 
.6o 11x213 
22+4 E ckrdJk 
48 
12 467 
58% EdisBro 2.2o 
8 52 
12’ a Edwrcts ,95a 
1 46 
14% El Paso 
1.1o 
52 1178 
2% ElecAssc 
62 
15” ? EDS 
.6o 15 
132 
3” ? EIM eM g 
4 
839 
9’ ? EIM M p flk 
. 
7o 
19’ ? E lgin N at la 
9x244 
6 
E lix irln d 
6 
489 
27’ ? E ltraC p 1.16 
8 
112 
31% E m erE I 
I 16 1189 
32*4 E m ery 
1.2o 17 
284 
IO 
E m eryln .44 
9 
32% E m hart I 8o 
7 
44 
E m hart pf 
15 
E m pD E 1.36 IO 
5' 7 Em pD pf.47 
5% Em pD pf .5o 
IO 
Em pD pf.92 
18% EmpGas 
4o 
33% EnglM C 1.2o 
5*4 EnnisB 
.32 
5 
27% En sered 1.72 
8 
HO 
Ens pf IO 32 
27 
En tex 
1.2o 
7 
31” ? Envrtec 3oe IO 
25% E quifax 
2a 
9 
12 
E q u im rk 
88 
7 
35% EquifG s *2,84 
6 
22*4 E q u flf 2.o9e ll 
29% E sm ark 1.76 
7 
8% E s q u ire 
15 

14 3371 129” ? 125% 
5o” ? 
63 
2o% 
84% 
IOO 
95” ? 
92% 
29 Vt 
27 
19% 
22 
24 Vt 
25 
24% 
26% 
29” ? 
87 
11% 
IO” ? 
18” ? 
3” ? 
42” ? 
4o” ? 
2o+4 
19 
7% 
26% 
17*6 
67 ” 4 
41% 
22*8 
23% 
59% 
12% 
14*4 
2% 
15% 
4% 
1o% 
23% 
6% 
29% 
33'It 
32*4 
IO 
38% 
51 
15% 
5% 
5% 
1o% 
24 ” 4 
35*4 
6% 
27*b 

 z 25o 
Z72o 
2288o z35o 
162 
122 
927 
2o9 
143 
39 
5 
2o7 
8o2 
2249 
77 

7 
E sterline .36 
41 
E thyl 
1.6o 
53% Ethyl pf2.4o 
12% EvansPd .6o 
14' a Evans p fl .4o 
25 
ExCel O I 25 
19% E xclsr 1.73e 
49% Exxon 
3 
24 
FMC 
35 
FMC pf2.2S 
7% Fabrge 
4o 
8 
7 
F a b riC tr .2o 
6 
5% FacetEnt l l 
32% FairC am 8o 15 
9% F a irln d 
.3o 
11% F a irm tF .68 
12” . F a irm tp f 
I 
8% F rW s tF n 
4' 7 F a ra h M f 
5'/? Fedders 
24 
FedrlCo I 6o 
21 % FdMog 
1.4o 
15% FedN M t 
I 
16% Fed Pa Bd 9o 
21 
FPap pf 1.2o 
13” ? FdSignl n.8o 
39’ 8 FedDSt 
3o’ a F erro 
1.25 
8*6 F ib re b rd 
6 
F id F in 
.3o 
32 +8 Fidel Un 2 4o 
19 
Fielders! la 
9% F iltro l 
16% FinSanB .48 
17 
Finl Fed .5o 
19% Firestn 
13% FstCh ar 

92% 
29% 
28% 
19*8 
22% 
25 
25 
25” ? 
26' 7 
3o 
87 
12 
11% 
19+8 
3% 
43% 
41’ a 
2o% 
19*8 
7% 
27 V? 
18 
7o% 
42% 
22*4 
23% 
6o 
13” ? 
15 
2*8 
17% 
4+4 l l 
24% 
6% 
3o” ? 
34% 
35 
1o% 
39% 
52*8 
15% 
6 
6 
1o*4 
25% 
36% 
6+b 
28*a 
Z18o 114% 114” ? 
582 
3o% 
29+4 
36% 
27”? 
12” ? 
36 
24*6 
31% 
9% 
7 Vt 
43% 
56 
12% 
IS 
29 
2o% 
51% 
25*4 
36% 
8” ? 
8% 
6 
35% 
9% 
12% 
13% 
9% 
5 ” 4 
6% 
26*8 
22’ 1 
15% 
18% 
23% 
14% 

152 
1o88 
22 
7o 
222o 
Z57o 
Z4oo 
7x212 
9 
H I 
5 
15o 
883 

517 
53 
28 
43 
283 
467 
44 
75 
93 
21 
775 

9 
759 
63 
9 6335 
I l l 1368 
34 
196 
72 
66 
684 
9 
142 
7 
65 
3 
83 
391 
17 
626 
7 
41 
6 
16o 
6 2193 
5 
51 
1o3 
8 
56 
I 46 11x2217 42% 
121 
32 
185 
66 
29 
83 
198 
9o 
375 
I IO 11x1922 2o*8 
15r 
7 3oo9 
16% 

9% 
6% 
35 
2o% 
14% 
19% 
2o% 

19” 4 Psi Ch ic 
.96 
7 
717 
31% Ft Bn Tex 
I IO 
67 
37% Psf In Bn I 2o IO 
267 
12'J FstMiSS .36 l l 1658 
26*8 F s fNBO 1.88 
24” ? FtNStBn 
2 
15” ? Fst Pa 
I 32 
1% F t Pa M fg 
11% FstUnRI 
I 
6% Fst Va Bk 
45 
21 
FW IsCp 1.76 
27*4 FisctiM 1.2o l l 
FishFds 
.6o 
12’ ? FlsnrSci 
.28 
12% Fleet E nt 
4o 
16% Flem ing 
.8o 
1o% FlexiV an 
19% F lin tko t 1.16 17 
374 
63 
F lin t pf 4.5o Z63oo 
3o 
Flint pf2.25 
2 
23% FlaEC st 
19 
5 
2o 
FlaGas 
1.2o 
8 
4o5 
23*6 F la P w L I 56 l l 1564 
28% Fla Pow 2 28 
9 467 
2o% FlaStl 
1.2o 
33% FluorCp 
I 
8o 
F luorpf 
3 

347 
6o 
494 
69 
83 
121 
66 
64 
363 
168 

2o% 
34 
38% 
14% 
27” ? 
25” ? 
17 
2% 
12% 
6*8 
23 ” 4 
29% 
11 ” 4 
13% 
1ox2291 13*4 

.2o l l 
12o 
788 

8 
371 
5 
85 
34 
4443 
376 
56 
52 

5% F d F a ir 
.2o 
8 
14% FooteC B 
I 
8 
54% FordM 
3.2o 
5 
15% ForM cK 
I 
7 
25% FM K pf 18o 
14% Ft Dear 
1.24 . 
34’ ? FtH ow P 
.72 12x394 
19” ? FosW h 
9 
784 
42% Foxboro 1.2o IO 
58o 
21 ” 4 F rn k ln M .74 
8 
574 
26% FreepM I 6o 
9 
4o2 
(6% F rig trn lOe 31 1471 
27% Fruehf 
I 8o 
7x389 
9% Fuaua 
.36 6 1843 

16% 
11% 
2o 
78% 
39% 
32% 
23 
25% 
3o” ? 
2o% 
34% 
82” ? 
6% 
16% 
56” ? 
16% 
27% 
15*8 
36% 
23 ” 4 
5o% 
24% 
28% 
23 ” 4 
3o*8 
1o% 

34% 
26% 
12% 
35% 
23*6 
29% 
9 
7% 
42*8 
54” ? 
12% 
14% 
27 
19% 
4 9% 
25 
36 
8% 
8 
5% 
33% 
9' ? l l ” ? 
13% 
9% 
5 
5% 
25” ? 
21% 
15” ? 
18 
22% 
13” ? 
3 9*8 
31% 
8% 
6*8 
34*6 
2o% 
13% 
18% 
2o% 
19% 
16% 
19% 
33% 
37% 
12% 
26% 
25 
16” ? 
2 
11% 
6% 
22% 
29 ”8 l l 
12% 
12% 
16” ? 
11% 
19% 
77 % 
39% 
32% 
22’% 
23+4 
29% 
2o” ? 
33% 
81” ? 
6% 
16% 
54% 
16 
27 
15 
35% 
21 
48% 
22% 
26% 
2o” ? 
28% 
9% 

 la st Chg. 
21 
.......... 
35% - 
Vt 
31’ ?— 
” 4 
7%— % 
12%.......... 

11*4+ 
% 
43 
— 
% 
1o%— 
% 
27” ?— % 
31%— 
% 
35% + 1% 
1%.......... 
1% ........ 
11%— 
*8 
49%— 2% 
3 
— 
% 
23% + 
Vt 
17 
— 
” 8 
11*4— 
Vt 
37%— % 
37% + 
Vs 
31%.......... 
27 ” 4 .......... 
4o''?— 
” ? 
17 
7% + 
+8 
126” ?— 1% 
5o” ?— 
% 
63” ?+ 
Vs 
2o%— 
% 
86” ?+ 1*4 
1oo”'?+ 
” 4 
96% + 
% 
92% + 
% 
29% + 
% 
28 
+ I 
19%+ 
” e 
22%— 
” 4 
25 
+ 
% 
25 — 
' t 
25% + I 
26%.......... 
3o 
+ 
% 
87 
12 
+ 
Vt 
11%.......... 
19%+ 
Vt 
3” ?— 
% 
43’V - 
% 
4o%— 
% 
2o% + 
% 
19%+ 
% 
7*8— 
” 4 
27*8+ 
*8 
18 
+ 
% 
68% + 
*s 
42%+ 
*8 
22%+ 
” 4 
23*8— 
Vt 
59%.......... 
13” ? - 
’ 6 
15 
+ 
Vs 
2% .......... 
17%+ I 
4%— 
*8 
1o% f 
% 
24%+ 
Vt 
6%— 
% 
3o% + 
*8 
33% + 
% 
34 
+ 
Vt 
1o%+ 
% 
39% + 
% 
51” ? - 
Vs 
15%.......... 
6 
+ 
% 
5% + 
% 
1o*4+ 
% 
24*6— T/b 
36%.......... 
6% .......... 
27*4— 
% 
114” ?— *8 
3o% + 
” 4 
35%— 
% 
27% + 
% 
12” ?+ 
*S 
36 
+ 
% 
24% + 
% 
3o” ?.......... 
9% — 
% 
7%— 
% 
42%— 
% 
54%— 1% 
12%— 
*8 
15 
+ 
”8 
28%+ 1% 
2o — 
% 
51 
+ 
% 
25%— 
% 
36% + 
” 4 
8% + 
” 4 
8%— 
% 
6 
+ 
” 4 
33%— 
% 
9” ?— 
” 4 
12%+ 
Vt 
13%.......... 
9% — 
% 
5%— 
Vs 
5%— 
*6 
26% + 
% 
22%— 
% 
15%— % 
18%+ 
% 
23%.......... 
14%+ 
% 
39*6— I ” 4 
31*6+ 
% 
9 % + 
% 
6% + 
Vs 
34% 
2o%+ 
Vs 
13*6— 
18%— 
2o*6— 
19*6+ 
% 
16%+ 
Vt 
2o 
33% 
37% 
14% 
27%+ 
Vt 
25%— 
17 
+ 
2 
— 
U 
.. 
6Vt— 
23% + 
29%— l l 
— 
12*8— 
% 
12” ?— 1% 
16%.......... 
1 1 % - 
*8 
19%— 
*8 
78%— 
% 
39%.......... 
3 2 *6 - 
% 
22*8— 
” 4 
25% + 1*8 
29% 
2o*6 - 
% 
34% + 
Va 
81” ?— 1% 
6%— 
% 
16%— % 
55%— 
% 
16%+ 
% 
27 
— 
” 4 
15Va- 
% 
35*6— 
% 
22% + 
% 
5o*8+ 2 
23% + 
% 
26%— 1% 
21%— 2 
29%— 
% 
9*e— 
% 

I % 

6o 1o 
384 
11% 
65 
772 
I 2o 
1.8o 12 

149 
98 
186 
592 
5 
5o8 
124 
746 
52 
H I 
225 
154 
141 
23 
213 
286 

 l l ” ? GAF Cp 
17% G AFpf 
28% G A TX 
39% G ATX pf2 5o 
7% GCACp 
o5e 19 
5 ” 4 GFBusn 
.3 2 .. 
4% G ablelnd 
22% GamSk 
I 4o 
7 
24 
G am s pf I 75 .. 
32% Gannett 
I 15 
9 
G apStrs 2oe 
7 
17% GardDen .76 2o 
137a G a rfin k I o4 
7 
13% GasSvc 
1.2o 9 
6”« G alew y .15e 
4 
22 
G earhrt 
28 
12 
17% Gem Cap 
14% Gem In 1.2oa 
1o 
G AInv 1.22e . 
52% GnAmO 
1b 15 
11% 
Gen Banc 8o 
8x115 
1o*8 GnCable .72 
9 
432 
22% G C in m a 68 7x149 
S’/a Gen Devi 
6 
96 
49 
G enD yn 
6 711 
49 
Gen El 
I 8o 12 5457 
29 
Gn Food 1.64 
9 181o 
21*8 GnGth 
1.38e 2o x65 
11 
Gen Host .6o .. 
131 
18” ? Gen Inst .221 15 
645 
36 
Gn In str pf 3 .. 
6 
17V? GenMed 
.3o IO 
152 
26*4 Gen M ills 
88 12x2oo6 28% 
66*8 GnMot 5.8oe 
7 8963 
69% 
52 
GMot pf 3.75 
. x i i 
69 V? G Mot Pf 
5 x43 
6% Gen Port 
375 264 
18 
GPU 
I 68 
9 146’ 
7% Gen Ref r .1oe 43 
12o 
49% 
GnSignl I o4 13 
681 
6 
G enSteel 
6 
52 
28’ ? G TelEI 
2 
9 3324 
32% GTI El pf 2 5o .. 
6 
27% GTI El pf 2 48 
IS ” 4 GT Pl pf I 3o 
25% G Tire 1.2ob 
4% Geneseo 
21 
Gens! ar I 4o 
31 
Genu Pts .9o 15 
639 
31% Ga Pac 
8ob 
15 3o67 
26% GaPw pf2.52 .. 
59 
28% G aPw pf2.75 
68 
85 
Ga Pw pf 7 8o ..Z195o 
83 
GaPw pf7.72 zl7o 
24*8 G erber 
I 3o IO 
528 
181 ” 4 G ettyO 2.7oe 13 
17’ 2 GettO p f! 2o 
9 
G iantPC ,6o 19 
8% G ibr F in .lOr 
6 
8% G iddLew 
4o 13 
355 
13% G iffd H ill 
8o 
6 
53 

17% 
3o% 
41 
8*8 
5% 
5% 
29% 
27 Vt 
34% 
IO 
21% 
15% 
13% 
8% 
26*8 
18% 
15” ? 
1o% 
56% 
14 
11% 
23% 
5% 
57 ” ? 
5o*8 
31% 
22% 
12” e 
21*8 
36*4 
19% 

53% 
7o% 
V t 
19 va 
7% 
51% 
6% 
29% 
33% 
28% 
16 
26% 
6 
22 
32% 
34% 
27% 
29% 
86 ” 4 
83 
31% 
446 187 
6 
18 
54 
9% 
1662 l l ” 4 

8o 
.2191o 
6 
789 
21 4454 
5 
18 

25% G ille tte 
I 5o 11 11o3 
7% G in o s ln c 
7 
1o% GleasW ,29e l l 
7 
G lo b M a r 
24*8 Globe Un I 2o 6 
16% G ldW Fn , 12e 
4 
17% GoldW pf .78 
25% Goodrh 
1.12 33 1267 
19% Goodyr 
1.1o 12 4453 
11*8 G orJw lA 4o 
6 
25 
27% Gould 
1.12 
9 
951 
27% Gould pf 1.35 
247 
28 
G race 
1.7o 
8 1222 
26” ? G rainger .36 15 
166 
16 
G randU n 
I 
7 
13*8 G ra n itvl 
,9o 5 
16% G rayD rg 
8o 
5 
1o% Gt Atl Pac 
19 
22% G tL kD 1.2oa 
7 
19*4 G tN o lr I 5oe 19 
27% G tN oNk 1.1o 
8 
2o% G tW nFlri 5o 
8 2261 
1*8 
19% G tW stUtd 2 
41 
18’ ? GtWn pf 1.88 
18% G rG iant I o8 17 
14 
Greyh 
I o4a 
8 
1% Greyhnd wt 
I 
G rolier 
8% GrowC .32b 
6 
17% G rum m 
,3o 
5 
14*8 G uardln 
.3o 
7 
12% GulfW stn 66 
3 
% G it W in d w t .. 
72% G lfW pf5 75 
63 
G lfW pf 3 87 
33’ 7 G lfW pf2 5o 
1o% G lfL fH ld 
6o 
1% G ulfM tg 
27’ ? G ulfO il 
18o 
16*8 GulfRes 
I IO 
22% G ulfR pf.2o 
2o% G ulfR p fl 3o .. 
2o% G ulfR p fl 6o . 
12% GlfSt Ut 1.12 
9 
55% GlfSU P14 4o 

178 
64 
233 
251 
141 
39 

1o4 
61 
4o 
377 
188 
18 
287 

23 
13o 
969 
. 
133 
43o 
6 
82 
5 
IOO 
7 
4o 
3 684o 
3816 
4 
37 
92 
13x744 
87 
7 3168 
829 
I 
6 
1o2 
14oo 
ZUO 

11% 
15% 
27% 
7% 
13 
7% 
3o% 
18*4 
19 
31% 
2o% 
12 
31% 
31 
29*8 
28% 
2o% 
14 
17 
12% 
32% 
26% 
3o*8 
23*4 
22% 
2o” ? 
19% 
14’ ? 
1% 
1% 
9% 
17% 
14% 
14*4 
I ’ 8 
73 
68% 
35” ? 
13% 
3% 
2878 
19% 
27% 
2 4 % 
? 4 *s 
13*8 
56% 

 l l ” ? 
11%.......... 
17% 
17% 
% 
29% 
3o 
+ 
Vt 
39% 
39” ?— IV? 
V t 
8% + 
% 
5% 
5 % + 
% 
5 
5 V i---------- 
28’/4 
29 
+ 
*4 
25V? 
27’/?+ 2 
32% 
34 
+ I 
9% 
9*4— 
*8 
2o% 
2o*4 f 
Vs 
15 
15 
— 
% 
13” ? 
13*4+ va 
7” ? 
8*8+ 
% 
25% 
26%.......... 
17% 
18%+ 
Vt 
15% 
15 V i.......... 
IO 
1o% + 
” 8 
52*4 
56 
+ 2% 
13” ? 
13*4+ 
% 
1o% 
11 
— va 
22% 
22%— I 
5% 
5% + va 
55*4 
57’/? + 
7 8 
49 
49” ?— 
% 
31% 
31” ?.......... 
22 
22%+ 
% 
11% 
12 
+ 
>i 
2o% 
2o%+ 
Va 
36” ? 36*4- 
*8 
18% 
18*4— 
Vi 
26*4 
28% + I 
66% 67 * i— I 
52 
52 
— 1 
69’ ? 
69%— I . 
7% 
7V?+ 
*8 
18 
19%+ 
Vt 
7% 
7%— 
’ a 
5o” ? 51” ?+ 
*8 
6 
6 % + 
% 
29% 
29*4 + 
Vi 
32*4 
33” ?+ 
% 
27% 
28%+ 
% 
15% 
15*4.......... 
26 
26” ?— 
% 
5 ” 4 
5*4+ 
*8 
21% 
21%— Vt 
32 Vt 
32% + 
% 
32% 
33’a— Iva 
26% 
27%.......... 
29 
29V i.......... 
85% 
86 
+ 
% 
83 
83 
........ 
3o% 
31% + 1% 
182% 183%+ 
% 
18 
18 
. ... 
9 
9% ........... 
IO” ? 
11%+ 
% 
1o% ll 
.......... 
14% 
14%— 
% 
26% 
27% + 
Vt 
7% 
7% — 
% 
12% 
12%+ 
Vi 
7’a 
7% + 
% 
28% 
28%— 
V? 
18” ? 
18%+ 
Vt 
18% 
18%+ 
Va 
29% 3o% + T a 
19% 
1 9 * r- 
% l l ” ? 
11%— 
” ? 
3o% 
3o%— 
’ a 
3o% 3 o % - 
% 
28% 
28%— 
»? 
28% 
28” ?— 
% 
2o% 
2o%— 
Vt 
13% 
13%.......... 
16*8 
16% — va 
11% 
12 
........ 
3o 
31% + 1% 
25% 
25%— 
’ ? 
28% 
3o 
+ 
% 
22% 
23 
— 
” ? 
21% 
21*8— 
% 
2o% 
2o%— 
’ ? 
19*8— 
Vt 
14*8+ 
% 
1 % - 
% 
T i ........ 
8%— 
% 
17%+ 
% 
14” ? 
14%+ 
’ 8 
12% 
13” ?— 
% 
%13 16— 5 16 
72% 
72%— 
” 4 
63 
65 
— 5 
33” ? 34’ a — Ta 
12’ ? 
12%— 
” s 
2% 
3 
— 
% 
27% 
28*6+ 
% 
18% 
19 
— 
’ ? 
27%— 2% 
24 
- I 

19 
14 
1% 
T a 
8% 
17’? 

I i 
- 
, 
- 

You can format your transition program to succeed inc as 
President, Farnsworth. I ve decided to stay.' 

Y early 
Sales 
N et 
H igh la w 
(bds ) H igh lo w 
Last Chg. 
6% 
4'? GUI ton 
o5e l l 
8oo 
6% 
6 
6% + 
” ?, 
3% 
3% HMW 
57 
3*8 
3% 
3% + 
Va 
37 
35 HackW 
2.8o 
8 
15 36 
35” ? 35% f 
% 
21” ? 
17 H a llF B 
.76 IO 1815 17% 
17 
17%— 
% 
23 
2o H a llP rt 
8oa 
6 
17 2o% 
2o 
2o 
— 
” 4 
64% 
54’ 7 H a llib rt 
I l l 2438 56% 55'a 
56%— 
” ? 
25% 
2o% H a m rlP 1.3o 
8 232 24” ? 24 
24%— 
% 
18% 
16% HanJSe 1.49e 
152 17% 
17% 
17” 6— 
% 
23% 
21*b Han Jin 1.88e 
. 
82 22 
21% 22 
+ 
% 
6 
4” 4 Handlm n 
2o 13 
34 7 
6 
5% 
5% + 
*8 
23% 
19% Handy Ha .8o 7 
57 22*4 21% 
21%— 
% 
29 
23% Hanes 
1.36 
6 
158 24% 
23% 
24% + 1% 
54’ ? 
47' ? Hanna 
1.8o 
8 274 49 
48% 48’/?— 
% 
34% 
32 H arB r J 
1.44 
8 396 33% 
33 
33 
— 
% 
IO 
8 
Hardees 
16 6 
8o 
8% 
8” ? 
8” ?— 
” ? 
35% 
23% Harm an 5ob 9 4o3 34'? 33% 
34% + 
'a 
21% 
16’ a H arnishf 
8o 
8 589 2o% 
19% 
2o 
+ 
*8 
16*8 
13’ 8 Harrah 
.4o 
8 
49 15*a 
14% 
15 
+ 
Vt 
39% 
34” ? H a rrB k 
1.5o 7 15o 35% 
34% 34%— I 
35% 
28 
H a rris 
8o 14 495 35% 
33% 34*8+ 
I 
26'? 
24% Harsco I 4ob 6 494 25 
24% 
25 
+ 
% 

19 
12% 
9*8 

14’ ? 
12*8 HartSM x 
.72 8 
145 13 
29’ a 
26' 2 HarteHK 
6o l l 
43 28 
18'? 
17 
H aft Se I 44a 12 
25% 
23% H aw liE I 1.88 
8 
16 
Hayes Alb lb 
5 
9% Hazel*n ,o5e 
6 
8 
Hecks 
.12 
7 
15% 
11% HeclaM ,3ot .. 
19*8 
15% He!Im B 
.64 6 
34 
29' ? HeinzH 
12o 9 
31% 
28% Heinz pf 1.7o 
6’ a 
4% HeleneC 
6 
22% 
17” ? Heller Int .92 
7 
91 
79 
H ller pf4.o7 
33% 
3o'? H elm erP .28 13 
154 
32 
8 
” ? 
K 
— 
H e m l n c 
21 
8 % 
8% 
8% . 
28' ? 
23 
Hercules 
I IO 
22*8 
19” ? Hershey 1.12 
6 
12 
8% Hesston 
16% Hestn p fl 6o 

12% 12% + 
26” ? 26” ?— 1% 
61 
17% 17V6 
17%+ 
” ? 
37 
24” ? 24 
24%— % 
63 
17% 16” ? 
16%— ” ? 
145 
IO” ? 9% 
1o%— 
”a 
268 
8*s 8% 
8%— 
% 
539 
14% 14% 
14’a — % 
217 
19% 18 
19%+ 1% 
4o6 
3o% 29” ? 
3o 
+ 
” 4 
21 
29’ ? 29% 
29%— % 
354 
5’ ? 5 
5%............. 
455 
18% 17’ ? 
17%— 
I 
3 
8o 
79 
79 — 3 
3o” ? 32 
+ 
I 
. 6 6 e 

42% 
26 
Heublin 1.32 
9 

23% 
2o% Hillenbd 
.82 9 
22% 
2o 
H ilto n Htl .92 
9 
25% 
2o% Hobart 
.92 IO 
8'? 
6 
H oftE le 
.24 
7 
13% 
I lia Holiday 
.46 
9 
24% 
22% H lid yA 1.7o1 . 
32% 
28 
HollyS 
2.4o 
8 
437a 
34” ? Homestk 
I 22 
25% 
22% Honda 
15r 21 
51% 
43’ 7 Honywll I 6o 9 
24*8 
2o% HoovBB 1.12 
7 
2” ? 
178 Horizon 

11% 
9% 
Host Intl .4o 6 
18% 
15% Houdail 9oa 6 
3o% 
26% Houdpf 
2 .2 5 .. 
18% 
16% HougM lf .84 8 
9% 
7% 
HousFab 32 7 

47% 
43 
38% 
35 
HOUF pf2.37 
HOUF pf2 5o 

35% 
12” ? 

9o5 
23% 
23 
23*»— 
% 
192 
2o' ? 
19% 
2o% V 
% 
29 
8’ ? 
8% 
8%. . 
17 
16% 
16% 
1 6 **- 
’* 
865 
27% 
26 ” 4 
26%+ 
Vt 
1454 
77% 
73” ? 
74%— 
Vt 
292 
7% 
6% 
6% ~ 
Vt 
78 
21% 
2o% 
21*8 + 
% 
27o 
2o% 
2o 
2o% + 
% 
212 
21 
2o” ? 
2o” ?— 
% 
159 
6% 
6% 
6” ?— 
Vt 
1439 
11% 
I T * 
11*8 + 
Vt 
8 
22+8 
22 ” 4 
22%— 
Vt 
79 
3o 
29” ? 
297* , 
975 
42% 
4o% 
41*8- i% 
396 
23*8 
22% 
23*8 I 
'* 
2338 
49'* 
46% 
48 
+ 
'% 
214 
24 
22% 
23%— 
Vt 
88 
2'8 
2 
2 — 
Vt 
126 
17% 
16% 
16%— 
'8 
35o 
23 
21% 
22*8— 
^8 
148 
1o% 
9% 
9%— 
Vt 
772 
16% 
15% 
16 — 
% 
6 
27% 
27 
27 
— 
*8 
36 
17% 
17” ? 
17% + 
”8 
133 
8'? 
8 
8 
— 
Vt 
2119 
2o% 
19*8 
2o'* + 
Vt 
13 
45% 
43 
45% + 
Vt 
56 
35% 
35 
35 — 
Vt 
165o 
33% 
31% 
33*8 + 
Vt 
9o7 
32% 
31% 
3178— 
% 
9% How John 
32 
7x289o IO 
9% 
9* 4+ va 
17*8 
15% Hubbrd I 2o 12 
122 
16% 
15” ? 
16%+ 1% 
19% 
18% 
17% HudsnA .8o 67 
17% HudsnB .8o 65 
12 
18% 
18% 
18%+ 
Vt 

7% 
6*4 HughHat 
4o 
6 x34 
42’ 7 
34 
HughsTI 
“ 
18% 
IS’ a Humana 
16 
17% 
14% 
24% 

11% HuntCh 
13*8 H uttnE F 
6o 
12% Huyck 
21% iC lnds 
I 4o 
45% 
42'? ICInd pf3.SO 
11o 
IOO 
ICInd pf 
6 
6% 
4’a IC N Pha 

18’ ft 18% 
18% 
7% 
7 
5o 
12 2218 36% 
34 
5o 
9 229 17” ? 
16% 
16% f 
34 
13 627 1 5*8 
1 4% 
14% 
■ 342 
14 

7 
— ’a 
35’a — I ” ? 
’a 
% 
13% 
13%— 
% 
6o l l 
368 
14% 
13% 
14 
6 832 
24 
23 
23%- 
% 
H I 
43% 
43*8 43*8— 
% 
3 1o5% 1o5 
1o5 
— I 
9 
444 
5% 
5% 
5 v t— 
47% 
4o” e IN ACP 
2 3o l l 
384 
41% 
4o% 41%— 
2o% 
18*4 IN A In 
1.59a 
. x54 
19% 
19’ a 19%+ 
13% l l Vt IU Intl 
36’ ? 
33 IU Int A 
2o% 
18’ ? lU ln t pf 
I 25 
31% 
26’ ? IdahoP 2 16 
23* 

9o IO 
737 
12% 
11% 
12’a + 
% 
Vt v? 
3 
33 
33 
33 
IO 
19% 
19 
19 
36o 
26% 
26% 
26*8+ 
*8 
V? 

7% 
1o% 
81 
89 
99 
123 
29 
K 

 z71o 
25% 25 
25% + 
. z35o 26” ? 25” ? 26’ ?+ 
I 
21oo 
28” ? 28” ? 28” ?— I 
. 
24oo 29” ? 28*4 29” ?— 
’a 
. 
28O 5o 
5o 
5o 
— 1 
387 
47” ? 47 
,25ooo 
55 
55 
47’,4 + 
55 
.. 
23 
- 

27% 
24 
23% 
23%- 
12% 
13% ... 
. 
56% 
56% 4- 11/4 

17 
7 
6% 
6% 
21 
1o% 
1o i o’a + vt 
21o 
79 
79 
79 — 1 
ZlO 
82V? 
82V? 
82” ?— 4*4 
ZlO 
96 
96 
96 
— 1 
Z242o 12o 
I I 8V4 12o 
+ IV? 
24 
25% 
25 
25% + 
Va 
I n d p I 
P L 
1 
9 
o 

I 
88% 
88 <i 
88%- 

19% Ideal Ba I 2o 
8 215 
2o% 19% 2o” b+ 
8% 
7” ? Idea Toy 32b 
5 128 
7% 
7” ? 
7%— % 
27% 
25% MIPowr 2 2o l l 1o39 
26” ? 25’a 26” ?+ Va 
27 
24% 11 Pow pf 2.o4 
27 
25 ll Pow pf2.13 
29” ? 
26% ll Pow pf2.21 
3o 
28 ll Pow pf 2.35 
52” ? 
5o 
IIPow p f4 .12 
49% 
45 
IIPow pf3.78 
56 
52% IIPow pf4.47 
28 
23 
ITW 
.56 13 
145 23*8 
23 
17% 
15 
Im plC pA .24 
6 1277 17 
16” ? 16%— 
” 4 
34 
29% INCO 
1.4oa 12 1126 31% 
29% 31% f 1% 
6 % Inc Cap 
9% IncCCu 
,88e 
77” ? IndiM pf7 o8 
82V? IndiM pf7.76 
94 
IndiM p f8 68 
117 
In d iM pf 
12 
24% IndiG as 2.12 
7 
% Vt % 
2 3 
9 
352 
24 
23 % 
23% 
9o 
87 
InPL pf6.25 
I 88% 
88% 
88Vi— 
1% 
18 
16 
IndlN at 1 2o 
7 
87 16% 
16% 
16%+ % 
22% 
11% InexcoO 
24 13o4 2o% 
19% 2o%— 
Vt 
76 
65 
IngerR 2 8o 
14 
358 75*8 74 
74% + 
Vt 
5o% 
45 
IngR pf2.35 
67 46 
46% 47” ?— 
*8 
3o% 
25*8 InlndCon 
I 
8 
137 29 
28% 
28% + % 
52% 
45*8 InlndStl 2.6o 
9 
997 48% 45*6 
46%— I ” ? 
23% 
M fa Inmonf 
.8o 
8 
564 21% 2o% 
2 o % - % 
16% 
13% Insilco 
88 
8 
381 16’/b 15% 
15%— Vt 
19’ ? 
18 
Insil pf Al.25 
, 
17 18% 
18% 
18%— % 
3o’ ? 
24% InspC op 
656 
13 
26” ? 
26% 
26’i — 
Vt 
1% 
1% In s tln v T r 
24 1% 
1% 1*6........ 
IO” ? 
8% Inteqon 
.36 
6 
155 9% 
9% 9” ?— 
% 
‘ 
8 
452 39% 38” ? 39% + 
I ” ? 
7 
1o8 8% 
7 Vt 8% + 
% 
5 
129 35% 34% 
35% + % 
286% 266 
IB M 
IO 
I? 4489 2 8 T i 275% 278 
+ 
% 
22’ ? 
18’ ? In tF la vF 
44 
19 
74o 2o% 19% 
19%— % 
34” ? 
29% IntH arv I 85 
6 15o4 34% 33% 
33%— *8 
44% 
37% IntM inC 2 4o 
6 2oo5 41% 4o 
48’ ? 
44” ? In fM in r pf4 
12 46 
19% 
13% IntM ng 
2o% 
17 
Int M ufti 
69% 
51 % IntP aper 
2 IO 1987 
57% 
55” ? 
56% 
6% 
5% Int Reel if 
2o 
75 6% 
5*8 6 
+ 
34% 
31% IntTT 
I 76 
8 2761 32% 31% 32 
1o3% 
97Vi IntTT p fE 4 
.. Z44o 99 

46 
36% Interco 
I. 
9” ? 
5% In te rctD iv 
39% 
33% In fe rla k 2 2o 

4 o % - 2% 
44V? 
46 — I 
2o 
9 1385 
19% 
16% 
19 
+ 1% 
.85 
7 
84 
17% 
17 
17’/?— 
Vt 

63% 
59 
IntTT pfH 4 
59’ ? 
55” ? IntTT pf J 
4 
58% 
53” ? IntTT pfK 4 
65% 
62 
IntT T pfO 5 
41% 
38 
IntTT pf2 25 
63 
59% IntTT pf4.5o 
32 
28% Intrpce 
1.65 
83% 
76% Intrpcepf 
5 
34% 
28” ? IntrpG p I 6o 
18 
16% IntrsP w 1.45 

97% 99 
— 
V? l l 
6o% 59” ? 59” ?— 
Vt 
16 
56% 55V? 55’/?— 
*« 
292 
56 
55 
5 5 % - 
” ? 
32 
63% 62 
62 
— 1% 
155 
39% 38V? 38V?— 
” ? 
28 
6o'/? 6o 
6o — 
Vt 
61 
3o% 
3o 
3o*8.......... 
21 
79% 78” ? 78*4— 
T i 
8o 
34” ? 32% 33V6— 
% 
79 
17% 17 
17%— 
% 
27% 
24” ? InPw pf 2 28 . Z24oo 
25% 
24” ? 
25” ?+ 
% 
6% 
IntrstU n 
24 22 
145 
6% 
6% - 
'a 
26’ ? 
19% lo w a B f 
5o 4x236 
25% 
24% 
24*a+ 
% 
17% 

6% 
18 
15% 
12’ ? ItelCp 

17” ? 

1o3” ? 
99 
92% 
87 
93 
87 
91 
83 

15% lOwaEI 
I 4o 
8 
113 
16% 
15% 16 
23% 
2o” ? lO wallG I 84 
9 15o 22% 
21” ? 22% I- 
% 
28 
26% low ll I pf 2 31 . .Z88oo 
27” ? 27 
27'a— 
% 
25% 
24% low aP L 2 IO 8 x97 25V? 24*a 25% + 
'a 
22% 
2o% Iowa PS 18o IO 135 21% 21% 21% . .. 
4% IpcoHsp ,o5e 
9 
112 
5% 
47a 5 
— 
Vt 
14% ifekCp 
21 
153 
14% 
14% 14” ?— 'a 
— 
“ 
.3o 
6 
997 
14% 
13'/? 
14'/s— 
% 
J — K — L ja m e sF .8o 
IO 
HO 16'? 
16% 
16'a— 
% 
17% 
14% 
Jantzen 8o 
6 
113 157a 
15% 
15” ?— 
% 
1o% 
8% JapanF 
,98e 
191 
8% 
8% 8% .......... 
32% 
27 Jeff Pilot 
8o 
IO 
457 27% 
27 
27%— 
” , 
J e re pf 9.36 zl23o 1o3” ? 1o1% 1o1%— 
Vt 
JerC pf 8 12 z5o 86 
88 
88 — 1 
JerC pf 
8 . . x 118 93 
89% 
89% — 
% 
JerC pf 7.83 .. z5o 88% 
88V? 8 8 't— 2” ? 
132 
125” ? JerC pf 13 5o y454o132 
128 
129 
+ 2% 
114 
1o9% J e rC p f f l y 
15o 113% 111'? 111'/?+ I 
26” ? 
22% Jewel C 
I 3o 8 
38o 24Vs 
23” ? 
23%— ” ? 
4% 
3% Je w e lco r 
8 
42 
4 
3% 
3%— % 
33” ? 
27*8 JhnMan I 4o 13 2162 33 % 
31% 
33% + % 
78% 
65% JohnsJn la 19 
1813 69% 
66% 67%— 1% 
17 
9% 
JohnsEF 
9o 
1o4 296 
IO” ? 
1o% 
1o%— % 
4o% 
26% John Cn 1.4o IO 
694 4o% 
37% 38%— 
% 
15% 
13 JonLogn 
6ob 
6 
1o6 13% 
13 
13'a— 
'a 
58'? 
53'? JonLaupf 
5 . zl5o 57 
56 
57 
.......... 
24% 
19% Jorgen 
I I 
49 24% 
23% 24%+- 
% 
22'? 
18% Jostens 
8o l l 564 
22” ? 
21 
22” ?+ I 
49 
4o” ? JoyM fg 
I 3o 12x798 48 
4 
% 4 7 'i— 
% 
2*4 
1% J u s tic e M 
12 
1% 
1% 
1%— % 
4o% 
34 K L M A ir 
8 
32 37 
35% 
36%— H i 
39% 
32” ? Kaisr Al I 2o 17 
1969 37% 
35% 3 5 % - 2% 
36 
34” ? 
Kaisr Al wd 
2o82 36 
34% 35 
........... 
73% 
66% Kai 66pf4.75 . 
I 72 
72 
72 
+ 
V? 
117o 
9% KaisCem 
5o 
9x 256 
1o% 
IOV4 
1o%.......... 
17% 
15” ? KaiCe pf I 37 . x32 16% 
15% 
16%+ % x3 31 
92 
9' ? 
32% 
29 
KaiCe pf2.5o 
1o% 
9 
KaneM il 
28 
38 
27% 
Kaneb 
I l l 
32o 38 
3o% 
28% K C lyP L 2 46 9 
125 3o 
28% 
26*4 KCPL pf2 33 
35 
27% 
KC Sou rn 
, 
12V? 
11% KCSou pf I 
22 
19*a 
KanGEl I 76 
KanNb 
1.48 

3o% 
3o% 
9 
9 
— 
Vi 
35” ? 
3 6 — 2 
29% 
29% + 
% 
22 
?7% 26% 27 
+ 1/4 
39 
33’ ? 33% 
3 3 'i— % 
ZUO 
12 
11% 
11% + 'a 
7 
235 
2o” ? 19% 
2 o % - Vs 
8 
219 
23*4 
22 
22 
— 
K% % ” ? 
2o v a 
21 
19% 
K anP Lt I 7o 8 
2o4 
2o% 
2oV* 
2o” ?— 
28% 
27% KaPL pf2.32 
16 
28 
27” ? 
28 
+ 
9>a 
7'a K a tylnd 
4 
147 
7% 
7'/4 
7% 
2o% Katy pf I 46 
24 
8% 
7*8 K a ufB r 
o6e 12 
471 
8 
47 
21% 
2o*8 
2o% + 
% 
7% 
7%- 
18 
Vt 
18% 
17% Kauf p f l.SO l l 
18% 
18 
2o% 
15% Kawecki l l 
51 18% 
)7>/4 
18% f 1% 
11% 
9% 
Keene 
.3o 
7 
1o4 9% 
9% 
9%— *b 
12 
9% 
K eller 
.2o 
9 
253 12 
11% 
11% f % 
27% 
23% Kellogg I 
IO 14 869 24'a 
23% 
2 4 'i+ Ta 
15*8 
14 
K ellw d 
.92 
5 
56 
14% 14 
14%+ 
% 
28 
23% Kennm tl 
96 l l 
388 27” ? 26 
26%+ 
% 
3o7a 
25% Kennel 
6oe 1o41287 
28% 27',i 
28% + 
% 
23% 
22 
K yU fil 
1 84 
8 
12o 22% 22 
22% + 
% 
16*4 
12% K errG Is 
4o 
5 
3oo 
13% 12% 
13 
74% 
62% K err Mc 1.25 
12 2817 
7o% 62% 63 
— 4% 
217a 
18% KeystCon la 
6 
35 
18% 18% 
18% 
3o% 
26' ? KiddeW I 2o 
63% 
55% Kidde pf2.2o 
ST ? 
47’ ? Kidde pf B 4 
5o” ? 
46*4 Kidde pfC 4 

268 
27*b 26*4 
27%— ’ 1 
2 
55% 55% 
5 5 '? - 2% 
3 
48” ? 48 
48% + ”4 
IS 
48% 47” ? 
48% + Vt 

Y*«(4y 
Setts 
High 
71% 
19% 
3% 
7% 
35% 
BO 
48’ 4 
36's 
72 >4 
19% 
3 
15% 
21% 
41% 
21% l l 
19' 7 
37% 
11% 
16% 
23% 
19% 
51*8 
89 
131% 
28 
26% 
L IL p fP 2 43 
. 28 27% 
28 
26% 
L IL pfO 2 47 x 43 27% 
33% 
25% Long Dr 48 
16 
316 27% 
17% 
13'? 
LoralCp 4o 
7 
Bl 
14% 
31*4 
26% LaLand 12o IO 
1o93 27*4 
18% 
14% LaP acif 
2ob 
IO 872 16 
27% 
24% Loth SGS I 92 
9 114 25% 
15 l l 4* Lowenst 
6o 5 
161 
13 
37’a 
3o% Lubrizol 1 IO 
13 1166 32% 
16% 
15% LuckyS 
68b 13 
49o 
15” ? 
8% 
7*8 
Ludlow 
4o 9 
282 
8'4 
34 
25% LukenSt I 6o 
7 
82 31% 
14 l l 
Lykes 
4o l l 
632 12% 
35% 
29% Lykes pf2 5o 
2o3 31% 
9 
6% 
LvnCSys 
3o l l 
114 
8” ? 

Na* ta w 
(bds.) High la w lo s t Chg. 
64 
LOP pf 4 75 l l 
65% 
64” ? 
65” ? + 
I 
18 
L.bH yC p 
52 
6 
375 
1o% 
18% 
18'*. 
2% 
L ib rty L n 
1o2 
3% 
2% 
3% + 
” 4 
4>4 L ib rty L n pf 
LiggfG o 2 5o 
5 
7% 
7% 
7% + 
% 
31% 
8 
399 
32% 
31% 
32 
— 
% 
76' 2 Liggf pf 5 25 
L illy E li I 42 
I 
76” ? 
76’ ? 
76' ?- 
2 
4o 
15 IIH 
43% 
42% 
43% + 
’ 8 
31 7$ LlncNa* 
I 6o 
8*395 
33% 
32% 
32% + 
% 
65 
Lin cN tp f 
3 
18 
66 ” 4 
65’ ? 
66% + 
I 4 
18% Line Pl 1.72a 
54 
19 
18% 
18%- 
% 
2*8 Uonel 
6 
2)1 
2% 
2% 
2% — 
Va 
12% Litto n In 
18! 
13 311o 
15% 
14% 
15*8 * 
% 
17” ? L ittp tc pf 
Litton pf 
3 
33 
21% 
2o7* 
21% + 
% 
36’ 7 
2 
4o”* 
4o' ? 
4o” ?— 
% 
2o% Litton pf 
2 
Lockhd 
21 
21% 
2o’ ? 
21% + 
’ 7 
9 ” 4 
3 
759 
9% 
9% 
9*8 + 
% 
16% Loctife 
,16 
13 
445 
17% 
1o7* 
17 ' — 
’ * 
32 
Loews 
I 2o 
6 
562 
34% 
32% 
33% + 
% 
8’ ? Loma Fin 5o 
9 
355 
9% 
9% 
9” '?— 
”8 
14 
Lom M 
,71e 
17 
149 
15% 
15% 
IS” ? .. 
19*8 LonStar I. IO 
9 
455 
217* 
2o% 
21”* — 
% 
17% L n g lsL f I 63 
7x1o4o 19% 
18% 
18% + 
*8 
49% C IL p fE 4 35 z 2oo 
5o% 
5o% 
5o% - 
% 
85 
L IL p fl 5.75 x2 
88” ? 
87% 
87% + 
% 
125’ ? L IL pfN 
13 z85o 127” ? 126 
127” ?+ 
IV? 
26% 
26% 
26' ? 
14% 
26% 
15% 
24% 
12 
3o*4 
15% 
• 
3o% 
11*8 
29% 
8 

I 

M 
- N 
- o 

45*4 
4o% Kim bCI 
2 2o 8 
693 44 % 
42% 
43 
— 
13* s 
11 * b KingDSt 
6o 
8 
236 1 2 *i 
12% 
12%.. 
2o% 
13*4 Kirsch 
.9o 15 
35 15 
14V? 
14% + 
38% 
32 KnigfR d 
72 1ox232 
33 
32 
32'/4— 
19' ? 
14*8 Koehrin 
5oe 
6 
188 16% 
15% 
15*i— 
36% 
32' 7 Koeh pf2.75 
.. 
6 34 
33” ? 
34 
+ 
26% 
21*8 Koppers .9o 9 
‘ 
7% 
6’ 7 K oracrp 
4 
722 
24' ? 
23% 
237t 
58 
6*4 
6” ? 
6% . 
47% 
43% K ra ft 
2 32 9 421 
45% 44% 
45% + 
4o% 
31% KresgeS 
32 15 4843 
33*4 32% 
3 2 V - % 
14% 
W a K roehlr 25e 13 
121 
14% 14 
27% 
23% Kroger 
1.44 7 
25% 
23 
Kubota 
42r 22 531 23% 
23 
17% 
12% Kysor 
8o 
9 
27 16% 
16 
5*8 
4*8 L F E Cp 
2o 
13o 
5 
4% 
....................... 
5 
“ 
13% 
1o% L T V C p 
18 
15% LTV A 
35t 
54' j 
5o 
LTV C p pf 
5 
24% 
2o 
LacGas 166 
22% 
18% LamSes I IO 
14% 
12 
LaneB ry 
8o 

14% 
278 
25% 
24% 
25% 
— 
- 

16 
- 
5 
626 
11 Vt 
1o% 
1o*4— 
% 
I 15*a 
15*8 15%— 
% 
8 5o*8 
SO 
5o*8+ 
*8 
8 
45 2o% 
2o 
2o% + 
% 
8 
195 22” ? 
22% 22% + 
% 
' 
239 13 
12 
13 
9% 
9% 
9*4 
11% 
9' 1 Law trC h 
4o 15 
594 
......................... 
15% 
13% LearSieg 
5o 
7 1o73 14*8 
14% 
14% 
4o 
37% LearS pf 2 25 
. 
188 38+4 
37% 
38 
. . . 
31 % 
27 
Leasw 
I 2o 
8 
8o 28% 
27 
27*4+ 
% 
28% 
23% LeedsN 
6ob 9x129 
24% 
23*4 
24 
— 
*4 
23% 
17 
Leesona 
.75 
6 
111 21% 2o76 
21*+ 
.. 
18 
15% LehPCt 
I 1o 
92o 18 
17% 
18 
+ 
% 
P i 
1% C o n v a lly 
IO 
133 
IS7s 
13% L V in p fl 5o 
. 
I 
13 
1o% Lehmn I 25e 
54« Lennar 
21% Lenox 
I 
6% LesFay 
4ob 
13% 
11% L e vF dC 
14% 
13 
LevF In 75a 

1% 
1% 
VA 
15” ? 15% 
IS” ?— 
* 8 
823 l l 
1o% 
1o% - 
*8 
66 
135 6% 
6% 
6%......... 
9 
262 23*8 
22% 
23*4+ 
*8 
7 
58 6% 
6” ? 
6*4+ 
” 4 
46 
11% 
11% 
11% + 
Vs 
„ 
.. 
32 14*6 
14 
14%............ 
3o% 
2534 L eviS lra 
8o 
5 2o21 26% 
25*4 
26*8+ 
V. 

7% 
24 
7% 

6% 
4% L evitzF 
13 1622 5 
.37% 
31 
LOP 
I 8oa 
6 
455 
33 
4% 
47»+ 
% 
31*4 
31% + 
% 

13% 
42% 
5% 
21’ 7 
9% 
6% 
6% 
IO' a 
18% 
37 
55 
13% 
1o% 
11% 
37*4 
25' ? 
8% 
41*8 
46 
14*i 
59 
2o 
13% 
15*8 
54% 
14 
6o% 
23 
26% 
2o% 
28% 
26*8 
24' 7 
14% 
22% 
18*4 
11% 
26'4 

3 $ 
26 
3% 
35 7 6 
16 
523+ 
53% 
24% 
23 
33 
17% 
29 
33 
18% 
26% 
18% 
12% 
23 
6o% 
6o% 
3o*8 
27% 
23*4 
46 
68% 
2o% 
25% 
39% 
4o’ 7 
11% 
29% 
2o% 
31*4 
44’ 7 
91% 
88* + 
92% 
93*i 
17' ? 
3o 
26 
25 
18% 
17% 
1% 
31% 
26% 
14% 
23*4 
57 
22% 
13” ? 
19% 
48 
29 
16 *4 
273 8 
71 
4*8 
19 Vt 
7*4 
22% 
48% 
56*4 
27% 
15% 
12 ”4 
88% 
4o% 
28 Vt 
23% 
11% 
47% 
56*4 
27 
13% 
4% 
22’i 
56% 
48% 
28 
9% 
6% 
18” ? 
2o' 7 
3o% 
23% 
17 
12% 
38% 
23*4 
24% 
9% 
51% 
34% 
14% 
19 
13% 
16% 
14% 
25% 
22% 
11% 
29 
25% 
72” ? 
29% 
27% 
17% 
5” ? 
7% 
IT ? 
14% 
26% 
15% 
25 
57% 
28% 
15’ 7 
2 o 'i 
SI 
45% 
4% 
45% 
16 
75 
19 

,4oa lb 

.2o 
6ob 

.36 
.5o 

4 
31 
7 
363 
5 
157 
13 131o 
26 x59 
6 
627 

IO 
.4o 7 
I 14 
.68 l l 
2o 
4 

1o% M B P X 
36' 7 MCA 
4% M E I 
14” ? M GIC 
7% Mac AF 
4% Mac Don 
5% Macke 
8% M a cm ill 
17% M cm i p fl.2o 
31% Macy 
1.3o 
51 
M acy pf 
4 25 
11% M adsFd 77e 
5 
MadSqG 
9 
M agicC f 
33 
M allo ry 
22% Ma Ion H 
7*8 M anhln 
36% M fr Hen 1.92 
8 1o42 
4o% MAPCO 1.1o 15 
669 
12% M arat M 
.5o 3 
51% M aratO 2.2o 
8 
16% M are m t 
6o 
6 
1o 
M arM id 
8o 12 
13% M arionL .52 12 
45% M arley 
I 2o 
7 
9% M a rrio t 
25t l l 2727 
53% M rs h M 2 .4o 17x639 
18 
M arshF 1.24 l l 
288 
23% M a rtM a 1 4o 
7 1396 
14% M a ryK 
.4o 12 
1o3 
24' 7 M rldC u 
66b 
8 
13o 
19' ? MascoCp .28 l l 1235 
19% M asonit 
6o 12 
575 
12'i MasM 
T ile 12 
17*4 Massy F la 
4 
17 
MasCp 
1.6o 
. 
11% M aslnc 
96e 
22% M atsu E 
29e IO 

6o 
538 
2 
389 y21o 
271 
2o8 
549 
182 
49 
11o 

195 
947 
357 
619 
215 
248 

5 
M attel 
25' 7 May DSt 1.12 
2 4 'e M a ye rO 
8o 
3 
MaysJW 
28% M aytg 1.5oa 
IS 
M cCord 
84 
43% Mc Der 
1.6o 
39% Mc Dnld 
IO 
19*8 Mc Don D .5o 
18' ; Mc Donh 
.9o 
28% M cG Ed 1.6o 

1o5 
337 
76 
211 
219 
735 
12o4 
1o1 
38 
392 
1o1 
1684 
15 4239 
7 2o58 
6 
44 
9 
211 
15% M cG rw H .8o l l 1789 
14 
6 z38o 
26” ? MGH pf 1.2o 
28% M c tn ty r 
I 
15% McKee 
.9o 
2o% McLean 
46 
15% M cLout 1.2o 
11*4 M cN eil 
.8o 
18% MeadCp 
.92 
49% Mea pf A2.8o 
49*+ Mea pfB2 8o 
27% Medusa 1.6o 
22% M e lv ille .96 
16' 7 Menasc 
8o 
38% Mere S ir 
.8o 
55 
M erck 
1.5o 
17 3o6o 
17Vi M eredith 8o 
4 2o 
18 
M e rrL yn .8o 
6 1856 
31 
Mesa Pet .1o 
16 1873 

1o6 
7 
3o5 
8 
1o6 
6 
92 
6 918 
.. 
139 
361 
6 
21 
IO 1721 
8 
281 
61 

33% MesP pf I 6o 
8% Mesabi I 33e 
22% Mesta l.SOe 
16 
M G M lr 
27Vs M etrom 1.1o 
42 
M IE pfC3 9o 
86 
M IE pfF8.12 
M tE pfG7 68 
87% M IE p fl 8.12 
86' ; M tE pfH8 32 
137 8 MchGs I 2ob 
8 
28' ? MhW i pf2 67 . . 
25 
MhW i pf2.12 
2o” + M icrow v 
4o IO 
16% M id Cfi 
1.16 
9 
15% M idSUt I 38 
9 
1% M id ln d M 
28% M idlR o 
1.6o 
7 
22 
M ilesLb 1.28 
8 
IP B M ilt Brad 6o 
6 
21% M innGs I 72 

853 
588 
14 
5o1 
265 
ZlO z16o 
Z35oo z22o z2oo 
I 
22 
24 
54 
126 
1o3 
189o 
71 
178 
96 
76 
23 
48' ? M inM M 1.7o 17 2623 
113 
12 
5o 
6x152 
6 
784 
8 
38 
8 
243 
13 
7 2534 
84 
135 
578 
34 
617 
13 
22 
236 
394 
1378 
133 

2o% M innP L I 76 
117b M irro A I 
.96 
16% M issnEq .48 
39% M PacC 
I 8o 
27' a A/to Pf Ce I 6o 
15% MoPSv lb 
25% AMPS pf2.44 
62 
M obil 
3 8o 
2% AAooileH 
14% Mohasco 
9o 
5% M ohkDta 
21% M ohkR 
I 2o 
36” ? Moi yep 
I 2o 
49% M oly pf2 5o 
24% Monrh 1.2oa 
12% M onoqr 
.28 
9% M onrEq 
.2o 21 
73% Monsan 2.8o 
7 
35% Mon DU 2.4o 
8 
24 ” 6 Mon Pw 
I 8o 1ox 699 
22 
Mon (St 1.8oa 
.xl3 9 
IO 
M O N Y 
96e 
12 
369 
41% M ooreM 
I U 
49% M organ 
2 
21% Mer Knu I. IO 
9% MorseSh .5o 
4 
3% M tg T rA m 
.. 
18% M er Nor 
.88 
. 
43% M otorola .84 IS 
38% M f Fuel 
2 l l 
24% M tStTel I 88 
8 
7% M unford 
4o 
6 
5% M unfd pf .4o 
16% Munsng 1.o8 12 
17% M urphC I 2o 
7 
22% M urpO il 
8o 
7 
18*8 M urryO I 2o 
8 
15*8 M utton* 1.32 
9 
M yersL 
33% NCR 
19% NL Ind 
2o% NLT 
7’ Cs NVE 
2.45t 
I 
45” 4 Nabisco 2.52 IO 

85 
227 
1o8 
191 
874 
312 
427 
12o 
3o 
2o 
55 
9o9 
25 
65 
.4o 34 
4o8 
.8o IO 241o 
I 2o 
9 42o2 
.76 
6 1o74 
555 
416 

IO 

.96 13 2o28 
65 
83 
315 
142 
121 
62 
723 
114 
2o7 
892 z2o 
126 
7 
462 
143 
173 
2 
IO 
4o7 
338 
32o 
IOO 

137 
262 
235 
47 
864 
1o7 
175 
14oo z2o 
1191o 
35 
1 
337 
119 

28 
N alco Ch 
12 
NarcoSci 6o 
8 
16'4 NashuaC .68 
9 
1o% N a tA irl 
.5o 19 
14” ? NAvia 
77e 
12Vt NatCan 
57 
5 
23 
NCan p fl 5o 
16'4 NtChem 
48 IO 
8% N tC ityL 45e 
9 
25% N atD elr 1.52 
6 
23% NatDis I 6o 
7 
71% NDiSt pf4.25 
25% NafFG 2.16 
6 
26 
N tFG pf 2.3o 
15% NatGyp 1.o5 
4% Nat Horn 
6*6 Nat Ind 
.3o 
4 
1o% N tlnd pf .6o 
13% N tlnd p fl.25 
17% NMdCr 
.24 l l 
'2% NMedE 
.4o 
6 
2o 
NMineSv .5o 13 
46'4 N atPrsto 
2 6 
16% NtSemic 
23 4419 
13% NSvc Ind .82 
8 
275 
16 
N Stand 
1o4 
7 
46% N Starch I OB 13 
41% NatlStl 2.5o 
9 
3% Nat Tea 
33% Natoma I 4o 
4 
13” ? Neptune 
.5o IO 
22% Nev Pw 
I 6o 
7 
17% NevP pf I 6o .. 
2o%% 19 
NevP pf 1 .74 
25% 
23% NevP pf2 3o 
23 
21 
NevP p fl 95 
23% 
21” ? N Eng El I 86 
9 
16% 
15% NEnGE I 36 
8 
1o7” ? 1o4’ 7 NEG pf9 8o . 
31 ” 4 
29% NEnP pf2 76 
•36% 
33 
NEngT 
2 6o 
9 
31% 
27% NYSEG 2 4o 
8 
46% 
42% NYSE pf3 75 
1o4 
98% NYSE pf8 8o 
2o% 
15 
Newhall 
56 IO 
3o 
26*e Newmt 
I 6o 14 
92% 
83 
Nw m f pf4 5o 
15% 
14 
N iaM P I 24 
9 
42 
38% N iaM pf 3 6o 
46 
42 
NtaM pf 3 9o 
56 
53 
NiaAApf 4 85 
59% 
57% N iaM pf 5.25 
69% 
66 
NiaM pf 6 1o 
121 
115” ? NiaM pf l l 75 
114 
1o9% N iaM pf 1o 6o 
87% 
84 
N iaM pf7 72 
13 
1o% NiaqShr 97e 
31% 
27% Nicor 
2 32 
31 
27” ? Nicor p fl 9o 
33% 28 
NorfW n I 76 
19% 
17% NOH in 
1.25 
5o% 
45'a N orris 
2 
25 
24 
N orris w i 
55% 
43 
NoACoal 
9o 
5 
33b NoAMtg 
36 
32% NoAPhf 1.5o 
4'e 
3” ? NoCAir 
12 
I” ? 
I 
NoCeAir wt 
11% 
1o% Noes! Ut I o2 
2o% 
17% NindPS I 44 
48% 
44’ a Nor NGS 2 o8 
83 
NONG pts 6o 
85” ? NONG pf6 84 
99% NONG pf8 48 
26*8 No St Pw I 94 
42% NSPw pf3 6o 
49' 7 NSPw pf4 16 
54% NSPw pf 4 56 
115 
NSP pf IO 36 
27% Nor Tel 
64 
4 'a N o rth g a te 83 
41% N orthrp 
2 
8 
22' 7 Nw stA ir! 

 l l ’ a 
38 
4% 
15% 
9 % 
6% 
6 
9 
17% 
33% 
54 
12% 
1o% 
9 % 
3678 
23% 
8% 
38% 
45% 
13% 
54 
17” ? 
12% 
14V6 
54 
1o% 
58% 
18% 
24% 
15% 
26% 
2o% 
2o”8 
13% 
19% 
17” ? 
11% 
22% 
5% 
26% 
?5% 
3*6 
29% 
15% 
52% 
42” ? 
21% 
19% 
31% 
17% 
28% 
31” ? 
17 
22% 
16% 
11% 
22% 
6o% 
6o% 
28% 
23*8 
23 
39% 
57” ? 
17% 
18% 
32% 
35 Vi 
11% 
25% 
19% 
3o% 
43 
87% 
86% 
92” ? 
91' ? 
15% 
28% 
25% 
23 
16% 
16% 
I ” ? 
29% 
25% 
11% 
22 
5 T i 
21% 
12% 
17% 
45” ? 
28% 
16% 
26% 
68' 4 
3 
17 
5% 
22% 
47% 
56 
26% 
14% 
9% 
77% 
39% 
24% 
22% 
1o% 
45% 
5o% 
24% 
1o% 
4 
19V? 
46' ? 
4 1% 
2 4% 
8% 
5% 
16% 
19' a 
28 <4 
22% 
15% 
11% 
37% 
22% 
21% 
7% 
48% 
31*8 
12% 
17 
11 va 
15% 
13' 7 
?5*a 
17*8 l l 
27% 
25*8 
71% 
26% 
26% 
16% 
4% 
6% 
1o% 
14 
21*8 
14% 
24% 
5o 
21% 
14% 
18 
48 ' 7 
42% 
43a 
37 
15% 
22% 
18 
19% 
25 
22 
22% 
16% z5oo 1o4' 7 1o4’ ? 
33 
3o% 
3o 
33% 
28% 
46' 7 
98% 
17 
27% 
84*4 
15 
39' ? 
43% 
54% 
58 
6o% 

5 
223 
IO 1265 

1o% 
37% 
4 % 
14% 
9 
5% 
5% 
8% 
17% 
32% 
52% 
12% 
1o”» 
9 
35% 
23% 
8% 
37% 
43% 
12*8 
51% 
16% 
12” 8 
13% 
53 
9% 
56% 
18 
2 3 'i 
14% 
24” ? 
19”? 
19% 
12% 
18% 
17% 
11% 
22% 
5% 
25% 
24*8 
3% 
28% 
15V? 
5o 
39% 
19% 
18% 
3o% 
17% 
28’i 
3o 
16% 
TO” ? 
16 va l l V? 
22% 
59% 
59% 
28 
22% 
22 
38% 
55 
17'/? 
18 
31 
33% 
11% 
24” ? 
18% 
29 
43 
87% 
86% 
92”? 
9o 
15”? 
28”? 
25% 
22 
16% 
15% 
1% 
29% 
24” ? 
11% 
21% 
5o 
21% 
12% 
16% 
43 
27*8 
16% 
26% 
65% 
2% 
16% 
5% 
22 
45 
54% 
26% 
13% 
9 'i 
75 
39 
24 % 
22 
1o*8 
44% 
SO 
23% 
I ova 
3% 
18% 
45% 
4o% 
24% 
8 V i 
5% 
16% 
18% 
27% 
22 
15% 
II Vs 
36% 
2o% 
2o*8 
7 va 
47% 
28 
12% 
16% 
1o% 
14% 
13% 
25 
16% 
1o% 
26% 
24% 
71% 
75% 
26 
16 
4” ? 
6% 
1o% 
13% 
2o% 
14% 
2318 
48% 
2o 
14 
16% 
47% 
41% 
4 
34% 
14% 
22% 
17'/? 
19% 
24% 
21”? 
21% 
16 

27”* + 
'* 
26%— 
% 
26' ?— 
% 
14” ?— 
% 
27%— 
V? 
15% 
25% 
13 
31*8 
1 5 % - 
% 
8 
+ 
% 
31% — 
*» 
H 18— v? 
?97a— 1% 
8’ ?+ 
Va 

11%+ 
'a 
37” ?.......... 
4%— 
Va 
14'/?— 
% 
9 
— 
*8 
6 
+ 
% 
6 
9 
+ 
Va 
17%+ 
% 
32”?— I ”? 
54 
+ I' a 
12” ?.......... 
1o% ........ 
9%— 
% 
36% + 
% 
23%— 
% 
8% + 
% 
38’ 6— 
% 
4 4 *4 — 
% 
12%+- 
% 
52'?— 1*a 
16%— 
% 
12%— 
' ? 
1 3 % - 
Vt 
53% + 
'? 
9 % - 
1/4 
56%— I 
18%+ 
% 
23%— 
% 
1 4 % - va 
25%— I 
2o — 
” ? 
19%— 
% 
13%.......... 
19*8+ 
% 
17%— 
” 8 
11” ?+ 
% 
22% 

Stock Symbols 

Sates figures are unofficial. 
Unless o th e rw is e n o te d ,ra te s o fd iv id e n d s in fh e fo re going table are n.mual disbursem ents based on thetas' qua rte rly or semi annual declaration 
Special or extra dividends or paym ents ro t designated as regular are identified lr the following footnotes a 
Also extra or extras b 
Annua! ra ’ e pius stock dividend c 
Liqu id a tin g dividend f 
Declared or paid in preceding 17 months 
1- Decleredor paidafters'ock d iv id e n d o spl it up. j — P a id th is y e a r .d iv id e n d o m it'e d . deferred or no action taken at last dividend m eeting k 
Declared or pa'd th is year, an accum ulative issue w ith dividendsm arrears n - New issue r 
Declared or p a id in p re c e d in g 1 2 m o n th s p lu s s to c k d iv id e n d ,t 
P aid in stock in preceding 12 months, estim ated cash value on ex dividend or ex d is trib u tio n date x 
Ex dividend or ex rig h ts y —E x d iv id e rid and sales in fu ll. z- Saies in full c id —Called wd 
When distribu ted w i- When issued ww 
W ith w a rra n ts xw — W ithout w a rrants, xdis—Ex distribu tion v j 
In bankruptcy orreceivershiporbeingreorqanized under the B ankruptcy Act, or securities assumed by such companies 
Where a split or stock dividend am ounting to 25 per cent or m ore has been paid ihe ye a r’s high low range a ru dividend are shown for the new stock only. 

Sales 
Y early 
High 
Low 
131” ? 128 
OPw pf A 14 
H I ”+ 127 
OPw p fF 14 
94% 
91% DPW pf ES 48 
9o 
84% OPw pf D7 76 
18 
O klaG E 
148 
1o% OklGE pf 8o 
34% OklaN G 
2 
38% OlinCp 
I SO 
34% O lin krft I IO 
12% O m ark 
72 
17” ? Oneida 
84 
13 
Opelika 
84 
14% O ranRk I 36 
7% Orange 
2ob 
23% OutAAar I 4o 
17% Outlet Co 
8o 
18% O vern i'T 9o 
22 
Over Sh 
3ob 
58 
OwenCn 
I 14x978 
51 
O w enlll 2.12 
8 562 
27 
O w enlll w i 
.. 
4 
85' ? Own 11 pf 4.75 
IO 
2o 
O xfrd ln d .76 
7 
76 

I * — Q - R 
4o 
17 547 

19% 
11% 
42% 
42% 
37'?. 
16' A 
2o*4 
14 
16’ ? 
1o% 
27% 
24% 
23% 
29' ? 
69 
56% 
27% 
91% 
28 

(h d t ) H igh Low 
Last Chg 

Z12oo 129 
. 
ZSo 
93 
Z1ooo 
86% 
1ox1634 18% z25o l l 
215 
27o 
147 
1S2 
8o 
9o 
12o 
149 
289 
174 
133 
197 

V? 

% 

88 
468 
Z35o 
ZlO 
86 
335 
25 
1124 zlOO 
Z 27o zllOO 
ZlOO z36o 
Z293oH8 z7o1IO 
Z3o9o 
87*8 

86% 
1o3'? 
3o 
47' 7 
55 
58 
12o 
32 
5% 
49% 
3o% 
57% 
38 
37% 
54’* u 3o% f*12o 
16o 
28 
13% 
3o% 
39 
35% 
2o'8 
44' 8 
28% 
18% 
2o% 
44’ 8 
17% 
27% 
15% 
45 
89 
87 
28% 
28% 
43” ? 
21 
47% 
54’ ? 
54 
57+4 
84” ? 
86% 
95% 
99' ? 
I I 

1o6 l l 
8 
286 
28% 
14 
28 
8 1369 
33 
5 
78 
18% 
6 
156 
49% 
13 
24% 
IO 
47 
53” ? 
174 
4% 
7 
2o1 
33% 
6 
22o 
4 
71 
1% 
8 1727 l l ’* 
7 152o 
18 
7 11o2 
47 
Z12o 
86 z5o 
86 z5o IOO 
9 
5o2 
27*8 
. z!5o 
43% 
Z289o 
52 
Z83oo 
56% 
ZI2o 119 l l 
146 
31% 
92 
591 
5o IO 1885 
21o 
125 
51 
1698 
84 

17 
12o 
12 x l5 
7 
524 
16 
9 114o 
31 
7 
521 
6 
92 
739 
27 
26 

497a NwtBnc I 92 IO 
32% N w tE nr 
2 
6 
32% N w tE nr ct 2 
6 
43% N w tlnd 
2 25 
7 
21% N w stlnd wt 
98 
N w tln pf4 2o 
146 
N w tln pf 
5 .. 
26' ? NwtP pf2 5o 
12% N w M lfe Ie 
26*4 NwtStW 1 2o 
32” ? Norton 
I 8o 
7 
33 
Norton w i 
17% Nor Sim 
6ob 
9 
38% NortS p it 6o 
22' ? Nucor 
36 
7 
15” ? OKC 
12o 
6 
9% Oak Ind 
SO 13 
27 
Oak pf I 75 
15% O akiteP 
11o 
23% OccidPet 
I 
9 6498 
11*8 OccidPet w t 
639 
38 
OcciP pf2 16 
7 
74% OcciP pf3 6o 
289 
73% OcciP pf 
4 
75 
26% OcciP pf2 5o 
13o 
21% Ogden 
I 2o 6x368 
33' 7 Ogdn pf I 
87 
19 
18% OhioEd 
I 7o 9 345o 
43' ? Oh Ed pf 3 9o z23o 
52 
OhEd pf4 4o z27o 
5o% OhEd pf4 44 z2o 
51% OhEd pf4 56 z 12o 
8o' ? OhEd pf? 24 
Z4oo 
81 
OhEd pf7 36 zlOO 
91% OhEd pf8 2o 
Z521o 
98 
OhEd pf8 64 z24oo 
% 
K % % ? 
O h z25o HT’ ? I l l 
112 
+ 
% 
117 
113 
OhEd pf IO 76 
2224o117 
87% 83' a OPw pf B7 6o 
Z4oo 87% 
87 
83’ ? OPw pfC7 6o z55o 86' 7 

33 
28 
46” ? 
98” ? 
16% 
26% 
83 
14% 
39% 
42” ? 
54 ” 4 
58 
68% 
116 
1o9” ? 
85 
1o% 
28% 
27% 
31% 
17” ? 
47% 
24 
51” ? 
3% 
32% 
3% 
I 
1o% 
17*8 
45% 
85” ? 
86 
IOO 
26% 
42+4 
51% 
54% 
118% 
3o% 
5 
45 ” 4 
22” ? 
51 
32% 
32 ” 4 
5o% 
27% 

5” ; 
47% 
23% 
52*8 
337 e 
33% 
52% 
29” ? 
8 116’ ,■ 113% 
I 152% 152% 
71 
26% 
26” ? 
13 
27% 
34% 
34 
18% 
41% 
26*4 
18 
19 
4o 
16’ ? 
26% 
14% 
42% 
86” 4 
84 
267 s 
28% 
42’ ? 
19% 
45 
53 
52 
52 
8o” ? 
82’ ? 
95 
98' ? 
E d 

12% 
26% 
32” ? 
33 
18 
4o% 
25% 
17” ? 
17% 
3 9 '* 
16% 
25” ? 
13% 
47 
82” ? 
8o% 
26” ? 
27% 
42% 
18% 
43'? 
52 
52 
51” ? 
8o” ? 
82” ? 
93 
98*8 
P * 

115 
85’ ? 
86” ? 

5 '? + 
% 
25%— I 
25% + 
” ? 
3% + 
% 
2 9 '? - 
% 
15%+ 
'a 
52%+ 2% 
41 
— 
% 
2 o% - 
% 
19 
— 
'6 
3o7%— 
% 
17%.......... 
28%.......... 
31” ?+ I ” ? 
16” ?— 
% 
2o” ?— 2 
16” ?— 
Va 
11'/?+ 
% 
22” ?— 
” 4 
59’ a— 
4* 
59%— 
% 
28” ?+ 
% 
23% + 
% 
22%— 
Va 
39*4+ T a 
56'%— 1% 
17%+ 
Va 
18%— % 
32 
— 
Va 
34% + 
% 
11%+ 
Vs 
25 
+ 
% 
18’ a— 
Va 
3o%........ 
43 
+ 
V? 
87” ?— I 
86% + I % 
92” ?.......... 
91' a.......... 
15' a— 
” 4 
28% + va 
25” 
22' 
16' 
16%+ 
Va 
I % .......... 
29%.......... 
24%— 
Va 
11%+ 
% 
21%— 
% 
5 o % - 
% 
21%— 
% 
12*4+ 
Vt 
17 
— 
Vs 
43” ?— 2 
78 
+ 
Vt 
16%.......... 
26*8 . . 
67% + 1% 
3 
........ 
167%— va 
SVt— 
% 
22*%— 
% 
45%— % 
541 
26% + 
% 
14% + 
9*%— 
% 
75%— 2% 
39% + 
24%+ 
% 
22” ?+ 
% 
IO” ?— 
% 
45% + 
7% 
5o% + 
Va 
24*%+ 
Va 
1o*%— 
Vt 
3*8 + 
'% 
19 
.......... 
46” ? + 
Vt 
41 
— % 
24%— 
Vt 
OVA 
5% 
16*%— 
Vs 
18%.......... 
28% + 
% 
22 
— 
% 
IS H — 
Va 
11*% - 
% 
37 
+ 
% 
21*%— 
*8 
21 
— 
*% 
7*%— 
” 8 
48 
+ 
% 
28%— 2% 
127% + 
Va 
16% + 
Vt 
II 
.......... 
15 
+ 
% 
13%— 
% 
25 
— 
% 
16%— 
% 
!o7% + 
Vt 
26%.......... 
25’% 
71% 
26*%— 
> 
26”%— 
% 
167%+ 
% 
4” ?.......... 
6” ?.......... 
1o% - 
% 
13*%- 
*8 
2o” ?— 
% 
14%+ 
Vt 
23” ? - 
7% 
49%.......... 
2o7% + I 
14%— Va 
17 Vt— 
% 
47*%- 
Vt 
42 — 
Vt 
4 
— 
*8 
37 
+ 2*8 
15 
+ 
'% 
22% — 
Vt 
17” ?— 
Vt 
197% 
.. 
24% 
21’ a— 
'% 
22* 8+ 
% 
16%+ 
% 
1o4'7?— 
” ? 
3o 
— 
'a 
33%— 
” ? 
28 7% F 
V? 
46” ?.......... 
98’'a - 
V? 
1 6 % ........ 
26” ?— 
7% 
83 — av? 
14%.......... 
39% — 
” ? 
42” ? + 
’ ? 
54% + 1% 
58 
........ 
68'? + 
” ? 
118 
— 
Vt 
1o9'?— IV? 
87*8+ 1*8 
1o*%— 
*8 
28” ?+ 
’% 
28 
+ 
1 a 
32% + 1% 
18’%— 
” 4 
48%— 
% 
24%— 
% 
51*%— 1% 
4 
3 3 % - 
” a 
37%— 
Va 
I 
.......... l l 
+ 
’* 
17%— 
'% 
46%— 
% 
86 
— 
% 
86 
+ 
” 4 
IOO 
+ 
% 
27'%— 
'% 
42%— I 
52 f I' ? 
56 ” 4 + I ” ? 
119 
+ 1% 
31” ? - 
Vt 
5 
— 
% 
47 
+ 
% 
23%— 
'n 
51” ?— I 
3 3 % - 
% 
33%— I 
52’ a— 
% 
79 ”4— I 
116 
— 3% 
152%— 6% 
26% + 
Vt 
12% + 
'% 
26*4— 
'% 
33'%— 
% 
33 
— 1% 
18” ?+ 
% 
41 
— 
'% 
26% + 
% 
18 
+ 
% 
18%+ I 
4o 
+ 2 % 
16%+ 
% 
26 
+ 
% 
13% + 
Vt 
42% 
84 
+ 
*4 
81’ ?— 
% 
26%+ 
” 4 
28 
+ 
% 
42% - 
’ t 
19’%— 
*4 
43 ? - I ” ? 
53 
+ I 
52 
— I 
ST ?— 2' 7 
8o' ? - 2* 
82’ ?+ I'? 
94% + 2% 
98? 
1 o . 4 8 

115 
87' 4 + 
3 4 
86” ?+ 
7» 

Vt 

9'? 
58'? 
9% 
14% 
24*8 
2o 
39% 
79 a 
24% 
183 4 
82 
16% 
8% 
15% 
12’ ? 
4% 
5% 
49% 
16 >b 
21% 
37*8 
36'? 
16% 
16' 7 
22% 
25 78 
6 
52% 
22 ” 2 
55 
56 
1o2” ? 
97 
1o8 
116 
133’ ? 
92'? 
99” ? 
347 a 
52 
26% 
3S% 
44% 
98 
11% 
5o’ ? 
8o' 4 
21% 
32” ? 
17’ ? 
17’ 4 
13% 
77” ? 
28% 
29 
29% 
11% 
19 

8 
PN B 
49' 7 PPG 
7' 4 PSA 
14% PacAS 
22% PacGE 
18% PacLtg 
32 
PacLm 
257 a Pac Pet 
21 % PacPw 
17% PacTT 
76% PacTT 
9' b PacTin 
6% PaineW 

2 2o 
7 
759 
. 
17o 
. 
184 
8 2522 
8 
5o3 

I 24 
2 
I 68 
I 4o 14 
86 
9 
I 8o 
9 
I 4o 
8 pf 6 
8o 
9 
45e 

191 
194 
8o4 
71o z8o 
62 
291 
238 
176 
7o4 
2715 
552 l l ) 
175 
353 
311 
248 

 z28o 
Z82o z3o 
Z34o 

 z59o 113 

13” ? PaiW pf 1.3o 
9” ? Palm Be 
SO 
3% Pamida 
.12 
4 
PanAm 
41% PanEP 
2.3o 
13% Paprcft 
8ob 
16% Pargas lb 
29% P arkD r lOe 
33*4 ParHan 1.2o 
14' ? ParkPen .48 
11 
P a trkP I 25t 29 1677 
18” ? Paylsnw 
5o 
7 
1o4 
21 
Peabody 
2o 13 
6o2 
4'? PenDix 
,18r x2o9 
38% Penney 
I 48 l l 2421 
7o% Pa Pw Lt I 8o 
8 
879 
SI 
Pa P L pf 4.4o 
51% Pa PL pf 4.5o 
97'? PaPL pf8 6o 
92” ? PaPL pf 8 4o 
1o4” ? PaPL pf9 24 
111 
PaPL pf l l 
128 
PaPL pf 13 
87” ? PaPL pf 
8 
95” ? PaPL pf8 7o 
31% Penn w it V BO 
48 
Penwl pf2.5o 
25 
Penwl pf I 6o 
29” ? Pennzol 1.4o 
39 
Penn? p fl 33 
93 
Pennz pfB8 
8% PeopDrg 
2o 
44% PeopGs 3 4o 
7 
68 
PepsiCo 2.4o 13 
173a Perk El rn 
32 15 
3o % Pet Inc 
I oo 
8 
1o’ 7 Petlnc pf 8o . 
4 
1o% Pet Inc pf I 
13 
11% Peter Pl ,8oa 
8 
53 
69 
Petrie 
2a 15 
52 
25” ? Petrolan 
72 
8 
451 
24% P etrlm 2.61e 
87 
76% Pfizer 
96 12 266o 
33’ a PhelpD 
2 2o 16 
749 
17% PhilaEI I 8o IO 4896 

38% 
41% 
36% 
15*4 
18% 
14 
15% 
7% 
24% 
23 
19% 
25% 
66 
55*8 
27*8 
89 
27 

8' I 
56% 
8% 
14% 
23' ? 
19% 
33 
26% 
22 
18 
78'? 
13% 
I Vt 
13% 
12% 
4% 
4% 
43 
IS” ? 
18% 
34% 
36' ? 
15’ ? 
15% 
19% 
25% 
4% 
39% 
71% 
52 
53 
99 
95 

.. z3!o 
ZI SO 
1ox1o2 
4 
6 
7 
92o 
4 
Z91oo 
8 
26 
367 
786 
792 
198 

89 
97 
34 
49% 
76 
31*8 
4o 
95 
9% 
46% 
72% 
18% 
31% 
1 o *4 
16*4 
12% 
76” ? 
27% 
25 
28” ? 
34% 
19 
42*4 
49 
51 
78 

44 
41 
P h ilE pf3 8o 
. Z48o 
51 
47% PhilE pf4 4o zl3o 
53” ? 5o 
P h ilE pf4.68 z2o 
84 
76 
P hilE pf 
7 z3o 
1o4” ? 94 
P h ilE pf8.75 
Z31o 1o4” ? 
9o+4 
847a P hilE pf? 85 
1o2 89*4 
1o7*4 1o3” ? P h ilE pf9 52 z!5o 1o5 
1o5 
1o1 
P hilE pf9 5o 
113 1o3 
83% P h ilE pf7 8o 
Z578o 
89”8 
83” ? P hilE p»7 75 
Z23o 
15% PhitaSub 88 
8 
587 
52% PhilM or I 3o 12 2952 
6 
Phil Ind 
o5e 
9 
2o8 
11*4 P hillnd pf 
15 
54% P h iilP et 
2 1o 289o 
1o% P hillV nH 6o 
8 
117 
16% P ickw ick 32 IO 
94o 
16% PiedNG I 44 
6 
24 
6% P ie r I 
,o5e 8 
231 
35” ? P illsb ry 1.16 l l 17o8 
32% Pi oner 
1.44 
8 
175 
14'a P io n e rE l l l 
141 
I i ” ? P itn e yB 
SO 12 1o12 

89% 
87’ ? 
17% 
61% 
8% 
13% 
' 66% 
11% 
22'.'4 
18’ ? 
7% 
45 
39 % 
17% 
2o 
24 
37% 
27 7b 
4% 
9% 
12 
19% 
38% 
7% 
19% 
25 Va 
75” ? 
21% 

54 
1685 
784 
211 
17o 
64 
134 

91 
365 z3o 
569 

18% P ittF rg ,8ob 
7 
31” ? P ittstn la 
9 
19” ? PizzaHt .4o 
8 
3” ? PlanRsc 
7 
5*8 Playboy 
12 13 
1o% Plessey 
77e 
7 
15% Pneuma 
I 
5 
32% Polaroid .5o 14 2361 
6 
Pondrosa 
9 
352 
17% PopeTal 
8o 16 
2o” ? Portec 
.8o IO 
72 
P o rtr pf 5.5o 
19% PortG E 1.7o 
9 
116” ? 11o% PorG pf 11.5o 
. 
29% 
28% PorG pf 2.6o 
37” ? 
32 Pofltch 
84 l l 
16 
14”6 Potrn El 1.28 
9 
44 
4o 
Pot El pf 2.44 
53 
5o” ? Pot El pf4.5o 
49” ? 
46 ” 4 Pot El Of 4.o4 
61% 
57 PotEI pts 46 
62% 
58 
PotEI pts 5o 
13% 
12 
P rem ier 
48 
17Vt 
16% P re m r pf 9o 
93% 
78% P rocfrG 2 6o 
15 183o 
12% 
9” ? ProdRsh 
48 
9 
83 
32% 
29 
Proler 
1 4o 
7 
7o 
19 
17 
PS vC ol I 46 9x1481 

85% 
17% 
54% 
6'? 
12% 
56% 
1o% 
19% 
1o% 
7 ” 4 
37% 
33% 
15 
18% 
23” ? 
34% 
2o*8 
3% 
8% 
11% 
17 
34% 
o * 4 
18% 
22” ? 
74” ? 
2o% 

128 V? 129%+ 
% 
178 
128” ? + 
” ? 
93 
93 
+ 
I 
86% 
86% + 
% 
18 
18% 
1o” ? 
1 o '* - 
1% 
36 
38 
+ 
1% 
4o% 
4o” ?— 
7% 
35% 
36% + 
I* 
15% 
15 »*■- 
” ? 
18” ? 
18% 
13% 
13% 
15% 
15%+ 
% 
7% 
7%- - 
% 
73*8 
24 
— 
% 
21 
72% + 
” ? 
18% 
19 
— 
Vt 
74% 
25% + 
% 
63% 
65 Vt— 
'•A 
54 
54% + 
Vt 
27 
27% + 
' a 
88 
88 
— 
Vt 
26 
27 
+ 
% 

8’8 
8%— 
% 
537* 
54 
— 7 't 
7*8 
7%— 
% 
14% 
14'*— 
'* 
22% 
23% + 
% 
IS7* 
19% + 
Va 
32 
32% 
257* 
26’ ? 
21% 
22 
+ 
17% 
17% 
78 
78 
- 
'•% 
11% 
12 
— I 
6% 
7%— 
% 
13” ? 
13%— 
% l l ”? 
11%— 
% 
4 
4 '* + 
% 
4 
4%. 
41% 
42%- 
% 
14% 
17% 
15% + 
18 
% 

33 
34 
< ' Vt 
35% 
357* + 
V t 
15 
15'%— 
Vt 
13% 
147*— 
1 8 
18’ ? 
18%— 
% 
23% 
24%- 
*8 
4” ? 
4% 
38% 
39% + 
I 
21% 
21% + 
Vt 
5) 
52 
51% 
53 
+ 
Vt 
99 
99 
— 
' t 
92” ? 
92'%— I ” 4 
1o6 
1o6 — 
% 
112 
112 
— 
% 
128 
129 
— 
” ? 
88 
89 
+ 
I 
9o” ? 
97 
+ 
I 
33” ? 
34 
+ 
I 
49” ? 
49” ?— 
' t 
25% 
25% 
3o 
31%+ i% 
39 
39 
- 
1 
94% 
94% + 
% 
8% 
8% — 
Vt 
45 
45% + 
1% 
71% 
71%— 
% 
17% 
177*+ 
% 
3o% 
3o7* f 
% 
16” ? 
1o%— 
” 4 
1o’ ? 
1o% + 
” 4 
1)7* 
117/*- 
% 
74 
74 
— 3 
26% 
27 
— 
Vt 
24'* 
25 
+ 
% 
277* 
28%— 
I* 
33% 
34 
+ 
% 
17% 
187*+ 
1% 
41 
42% + 
1% 
48 
49 
+ 
1% 
51 
51 
+ 
I 
78 
78 
— 
% 
94% 
94” ,— 2 
86 
87 
+ 
I ” 4 
1o5 
1o5 
- 
% 
1o1% 1o1%— IV* 
83” ? 
85 
83” ? 
83” ?— 
% 
16' ? 
52% 
6 
12 
54% 
1o% 
18% 
16% 
7 
35” ? 
33 
14 Vt 
17% 
22% 
33% 
19” ? 
3”? 
8 
11% 
16% 
33% 
6% 
17% 
2o% 
74'? 
19% 

16%— 
54” ? + 
o%— 
12 
— 
55'? + 
1o% + 
19” ?— 
16' ? .. 
7 Vt. 
37 
33*8 + 
14% — 
18% h 
22% - 
34%— 
19%— 
3%— 
3 
- 
11%— 
16% + 
34? + 
6 ?— 
18% + 
21*8— 
74%— 
2o% + 

T a 
% 
T i 

Z96o 113% 113% 113” 
26 
37o 
1o2o 
3 
Z94o 
Zo34O 
736o 
Z39o 
8 
52 
IO 

82” ? PSCol pf7 15 
24% PSCol pf2 IO 
26 
PSvcln 
192 
42 
PSInd pf3 5o 
12” ? PSInd p fl o4 
11o% 1o8 
PSInd pf9 44 
1o6 
IQI 
PSInd pf8 52 
19% PSvNH 
I 88 
28” ? PSNH pf2.75 
21% PSvN/Vl I 56 
21” ? PSv EG 
I 8o 
16’ :• PSEG p f! 4o 
45” ? PSEG pf4 o8 
48 
PSEG pf4.18 
5o 
PSEG pf4,3o 
6o 
PSEG pf5 28 
24% PSEG pf2 17 
79 
PSEG pf 6 8o 
26% PSEG pf2 43 

26% 
31 % 
46 
13% 

21% 
3o% 
74 
24’ ? 
17*8 
5o 
5o 
54 
63% 
25% 
82% 
28’ 
13o% 124% PSE pf 12 25 

28% 
36*6 
15% 
42% 
52% 
47” ? 
58% 
59” ? 
13% 
17 % 
81% 
12% 
31% 
18% 
65 
25% 
27% 
43” ? 
13” ? 
. _ 
Z135o 11o% 1o9% HO zSO 1o6 
1o6 
1o6 
8 
28 1 
2o% z75o 
29” ? 
21% 
22” ? 
16% 
47” ? 
49 
5o% 
62 
25 ” 4 
8o 
27% 

 z5o 
2o 
9 
511 
ZlOO zlOO 

94% 
94”? 
96 
91 
9o% 
11o 
6 'a 
4 % 
3% 
35*8 
35% 
19”? 
25% 
• 3”? 
28' ? 
26% 
o5'? 
1 ? 
114 
21% 
76 
7% 
26 
3o 
47 
72% 
11% 
17% 
4' ? 
22 
7% 
26' a 
33% 
33% 
21% 
6o ” 4 
2o% 
3% 
12% 
22% 
19% 
9% 
34”? 
61 
21% 
39”? 
3o 
28% 
8 % 
19% 
2 
34% 
34% 
21 
26% 
21% 
44' 7 l l 7! 
39% 
58 
7o 
82 
43 ”4 
94' ? 
11% 
IS” ? 
76% 
24% 
21% 
29 
16' a 
17% 
24% 
25% 
14% 
2o*8 
119 
16% 
I- 13% 
34% 
85% 
31 
48' ? 
6% 
24 ” 4 
4 % 
23% 
2o*b 
29+a 
18% 
19% 
55% 
27% 
11% 
15 

4 
22% 
15% 
29 
6% 
5o% 
13% 
43% 
14’ 8 
44% 
13% 
38% 

88 
PSEG pf7.7o 
89% PSEG pf7 8o 
89 
PSEG pf8 o8 
86 
PSEG pf / 52 
83 
PSEG pf7 4o 
1o5*8 PSER pf9.62 
4 % P u bic aer 
2% P ueblo 
3*8 P R Cern 
31 
PugSPL 2 6o 
7 
31% Pud m n 
I 32 12 
16’ ? Pur ex 
I o8 
9 
23 
Purex pf 1.35 ,. 
2% P u ritn F a 
5 
2o% P u ro ltr 
1.12 
8 
21% QuakOat 
92 
7 
X % ’ a’ ? Q u a d pf 
3 

516 
719 
. 
17 
Z15o 
26oo z24o 
Z62o 
54 
Z12o 
31 
Z2o4o 1281 
.Z4o1o 
9o” ? 
. 
1o5 
Z9o 
Z12oo 
Z149o 

28' 
36 ” 4 
IS 
42 
51” ? 
47 ” 4 
58 
58 
12% 
17 
78% 
12” . 
29*8 
17% 
85 
24% 
26% 
42 
13*8 

2o 
28% 
21% 
22' a 
1o% 
47” ? 
49 
5o 
6o 
25 
79 
26% 

28% 
36% 
15% + 
42%— 
52” ? + 
47 ” 4 + 
58% + 
V 
59% e I 
13*a 
17 
— 
” 
78%— I* 
12**+ 
” , 
29*8 - 2 
17 V? e 
”, 
85 
25% 
27V? + 
47 
— 
13*8— 

I'? 

T i 

2o*8— 
28%— 
21%— 
22%— 
16% + 
47” ? - 
49 
— 
5o 
— 
o1 
+ 
25% . 
. 
8o 
+ 
26% - 
127 V4 128% + I 

91” 
93 ”4 
89 
86 z22o 1o6 
258 
5% 

88 
9o% 
93 
86 
85'i 

85 
8 
178 
244 
1198 
I 
164 
213 
727 

3 
3% 
33*8 
33% 
18% 
24 
3 
21% 
22” ? 
4 
63 

9o” ? + 
9o%.......... 
93 
— 
% 
86 
— Ha 
86 
1o5*8 1o5% - I'a 
4 % 
5 
+ 
% 
3 
- 
% 
3% 
33% + 
32' ? - 
18 
+ 
24 
+ 
3 
+ 
2o%— 
21%— 
63 

3 
3% 
32% 
32+» 
16” ? 
24 
2% 
2o% 
21*8 

% 

63 

1o9' ? QuaO pf9.56 
Z 4oo 112 
18 
QuakStO .78 13 
393 
18* 
22 
Quanex 1 2o 
8 
169 
6'6 Questor lOr 
IO x67 
22” ? Q uestrpfA 2 
8 
25*8 RCA 
1.2o 13 2625 
43 
RCApf 
3 5o 
Z16o 
69 
RCA pf 
4 
2o 
9% R TE 
.28 12 
47 
14% RalsPur 
4o 12 2255 

1o9” ? 1o9' 3 

.74 

888 
232 
23o 
5 
7 
63 
163 
IO 1142 

3*6 Ram ada ,o6e 
13% Rancoln 
64 
4% R apidAm 
2o 
RapA pf2 25 
28 
RapA pf 
3 
29% Ray bsf I 5ob 
19 
R aym nd .8o 
54 
R aythn 
2 
16% Read Bai 
2*8 Redman l l 3* ReeceCp 
2o% ReevsB 1.44 
16*8 ReichCh 
74 
8% ReliabSt 
68 
29% RelnEI 
1.1o 
53 
RelEI p fl 6Q 
18’ ? ReltnGp 
35 
RelGp pf 55k 
26 
RelGp pf 65k 
26*8 Rel In pf 2 68 
7*8 RepubC p 
15% RepFinS 
I 
I ” ? Rep M fg 
32 
RepStl 
I 6o 
3o*4 RepTex I 2o 
15% ResrvOd 
2o 14 1156 
19” ? RevcoDS 24 IS 
384 
9% Revere 
54 12o8 
3o 8 Revlon 
.9o 
14 1479 
1o% Rexham 
4o 
32 
Rexnrd 
I 44 
48 
Rexn pf 2 36 
63% R eynln 
3 28 
73 
R eyln p<2 25 
36% Rey M el I 2o IO 1o24 
81 
ReyM pf4 5o x ii 
93a Reyn Se 
4oa 
6 
358 
12% Rich Co 
I 
7 
53 
23% Rich After .7o 
9 
282 
19*8 Richm nd 
I IO 3657 

236 
223 
4 
9 131o 
42 

18% RlegelT I 3o 
2o' ? RioGran 
7o 
9 
12' 7 RioGr pf 8o 
13% R iteA id 
.24 IO 
187 a Robshw I IO IO 
21% Robrtsn I 5o 
6 l l '4 Robin 
32 
17% RochG I ?8b 
RochG p m 
RochTI 
I 
Rockowr 
76 
Rockwel 7 2o 
R ktnt pf4 75 
R kln t p fl 35 
41 'a RohmH I 28 
5' ? Rohr Ind 
17 
Rollins 
36 
3*8 Ronson 
21% R oper 
18 
Rorer A 
21 % Rosario 
14% Rowan 
15% Roy CCOI 

116’ 
14* 
IO3 
SO7 
753 
78 

ISI 
33o 
3o8 
484 
317 
1o5 
IO 13o5 
124 

297 
453 lh 
I tea 
15o 
373 
43 
I 4o 5x164 
94 l l 
754 
4oD 13 
12 
6 
8o 
7 

25% 
6% 
23% 
28 + 4 
47 
72 
1o 
15” ? 
3*8 
2o*8 
7 *. 
26 
33” ? 
31 
21 
57*8 
17% 
3% 
11% 
77' 1 
19*8 
9” ? 
34% 
6o 
2o” ? 
39 
3o 
27% 
8% 
17 
1% 
33 s 
32’ ? 
16% 
21 % 
IS 
38 V* 
11 
3o” ? 
54” ? 
65% 
75% 
4o+8 
97 
9% 
14% 
24 <8 
24% 
19 
77% 
15” ? 
14% 
23 
23% 
12 
18% 
Z6o 117% 
83 
15% 

336 
263 
73 
42 
482 
39 
437 
I 
6 1166 
65 
2o76 
285 
I 
72 
6 
52 
46 
8 1o12 
8 
256 

IO 

273 
412 
249 
1698 
81 x99 
828 

13” 
33% 
81% 
29% 
44% 
6% 
18% 
3% 
22% 
19*8 
27% 
1o+8 
16% 
55 
23% l l 
13% 

18 
24% 
6+4 
22'? 
28 
46 
71 
9*8 
15 
3% 
19% 
6+4 
25% 
32” ? 
3o% 
19% 
55% 
16+8 
2% 
11% 
21% 
17% 
9% 
32% 
6o 
19% 
38 
28% 
27% 
8 % 
16% 
1% 
32*8 
32% 
15% 
7 1 % 
13% 
37 
1o% 
35 
54’ ? 
63'? 
73 
3 8 * 4 
89 
9'n 
13% 
23’ > 
23 
18” a 
25% 
14'? 
13% 
22 
22% 
11% 
18 
117’ 7 
15% 
12% 
33 et 
2 9 % 
44% 
6'« 
17 
3% 
21% 
18'? 
2o + 8 
15% 
15+» 
5 4 % 
22+4 
1o% 
12% 

1 8 % - 
% 
25% + 1% 
6% + 
% 
73% + 
% 
78% 1- 
% 
46 
72 
- 
’ ? 
9 % + - 
’ 4 
15+4+ 
”• 
3' ?.......... 
19%— 
% 
I 
- 
*8 
25%— 
' ? 
33'? + I 
31 
+ 
% 
2o% — 
+8 
57’ 8 + I ”4 
17 
— 
% 
3 l l * * — 
% 
21%— 
% 
19’* ► 1% 
9 % - 
% 
33%— 
% 
6o 
— I 
2o% + 
*4 
3 8 + 4 - 
H 
29% * 
% 
27'?— 
% 
8% + 
>8 
16% 
1% 
32%— 
' ? 
32' a - 
* ? 
16' j 

51% R oylD 3 
26e 5 
21% R ubbrm 
48 13 
IO’ . RussTog 
76 ( 
12% RyderS 
?5r 7 

S 
2% SCA Svc 
% 
243 
3% 
3 
19% SCMCp 
8o 5x416 
21 
19% 
13% SOSCon 
5o 7 
72 IS 
14% 
24 
Sabine 
SO 12 
165 25% 
24 
4% Safgdln 
o9e 8 313 5% 
5+6 
44% Safeway 
7 2o l l 2o79 46*s 
44% l l 
SagaCp 
36 7 
1o1 l l ' ? l l 
36” ? S'JoM in 
I 3o 13 
496 42*8 
4o% 
12’ ? St JoLtP 
I 12 9 
SO 17% 
12’ ? 
41 
StLSaF 
2 SO 9 
56 42% 
41% 
11% StPaulS 
Ie 
168 12” ? 
12% 
32% StReqP 
I 64 9 1o63 3o 
34 

21% + 
% 
IS 
*■ 
% 
3 7 % - 
1o%— 
” 4 
36 ? * 
% 
54' ?— 
1*4 
64 
73 
— 
3' ? 
4o 
89 
- 
H a 
9*4 
14 
23% - 
% 
? *' 7 + 
% 
18% - 
*8 
<6% - 
IV* 
14+4— 
7* 
1 4 % * 
*6 
23 
+ 
*8 
23 
- i i va­ 
' 8 ts 
— 
’ 6 
117'?— 
I , 
15% + 
'4 
13% + 
*8 
33’ 4 - 
' » 
8 1 ' * - 
% 
29% — 
VA 
44*4 + 
’ , 
6*4 + 
% 
17’ 4 — 
*4 
3% 
21% * 
% 
! 9 ; » — 
*6 
26% 
I 
'6 % * 
” ? 
1 5 * 4 - 
*4 
5 4 % - , 1 • 
23*8 * 
1% 
1o% ► 
% 
13% 
” 4 

I ' * — 
’ 8 
2 o'4— 
*4 
14' 7 — 
41 
25% * 
I * 
5 '4 ~ 
% 
4 6 ' . * 
11 u % 
41% 
12% 
42 
12% 
36 

Continued on toe 

Com plete nationw ide com posite prices 

A n i t r i c 
* a i i i t o e k s 
Exclusive la San Antonio 

A-B-C 
N E W Y O R K (A P ) 
T ra d in g fo r the w eek in A m e ric a n 
Stock E x c h a n g e issues: 

Y e a rly 
Sales 
N e t 
H ig h ta w 
(b d s .) H ig h Lew to s t C h g. 
7 's 
5 A A 
E P Is 
4 
123 
6 'A 
5*o 
6 
— 
*8 
I I H 
V ' j A A RCD 
36 
7 
35 IO 
9*8 
IO 
S r* 
4*8 A A V COS 32 
4 x ! 4 SIB 
SVA 
S H — 
’ 8 
9 '8 
7 '8 A P S In c .3o 
6 
X 49 T U 
7+b 
7V4 + 
H 
12’ 3 
IO U A S P R O 
.56 
6 
34 12+8 i m 
H U — 
XA l u l l 16 A T I 
In c 
45 
I 
I 
V a ............ 
I? 
9 ’a A V C C p 
4o 
5 
71 12 lls * 
11X4- 
'ii 
12’ J 
111 a A V X C p 
32 
7x178 12*s 
I IX . 
12 
+ 
'* 
7 
6 
A b rd M f 
.4o 
12 
IS 
6'A 
6 
6' A— 
U 
I ’ . v » A c m e H m 
.. 
194 
1*4 
CA 
1*4+- 
'? 
2’ J 
2 'a A c m e P r 
5 
24 
2V4 
2’ . 
2’ . ......... 
9 'i. 
6-8 A ctio n 
28b 
5 
52 
7'A 
6H 
6*4 - 
* 8 
4J . 
3 ‘ a A c to n C p 
13 
9o 
4+x 
3+8 
4V4 + 
Va 
5+. 
34. Ad am Rs ,p4e 9 
251 
5 'i 
4*4 
5 
+ 
A 
16H 
13* e A do b eO il .16 
15 
183 14' . 
13' ? U H 
' ? 
I ’ n 
I ’ -. A egisC p 
7 3o4 
I U 
I ' j 
IV ,............ 
1o+a 
8 ’ ? A e ro F lo 
15e 
5 
9 8+8 
8 '3 
8+ A - 
'n 
2 '. 
U s A eron ca 
19 
T a iv . 
1'% + 
A 
4+e 
3’ a A tt ii Cap .1oe 4 
93 
4+s 4'3 
4 ' r - 
U 
9 A 
8' a A ttilH s p 
24 
7 
12 8+a 
8'3 
B' s— 
12's IO1* A ffilP u b 
.56 
7 
22 11*s l l ' ? 
11'%+ V. 
7 
5 + a A tte r Six 
24 
6 
T4 6*8 
6*4 
6+4 
8 1. 
6 ' 3 A la n W d S 
6 
7 H 7*8 
71* - 
"3 
5 ' 8 
4 ' 2 A la s k A ir 
4 
91 
4 H 4'3 
4 U + 
Vs 
2+e 
1*8 A lb a W a 
o5e 
67 
26 2 
1*8 
2 
+ 
'.A 
6*s 
5*8 A lco !a c 
32e 
6 
7 S' 3 
5*8 
5’ > - 
<a 
IO 
8 ’ . A lle g C p w t 
25 V a 
9 U 
9' 3- 
V. 
6’ s 
4*8 A lle q A ir 
7 
169 5>. 
5 
5 
— 
Va 
2*8 r e A H egA w tO 
I 
2’ 2 
2' 2 2' ?............. 
I ' j J I 16 A lle q A w tN .. 
7 
4.11 16 
*4 ........... 
28' 2 254. A lle q A p fC 3 
.. 
I 
25*4 
2 5*. 2 5 V .- 
V. 
6 '2 
S 'e A llia n t ,36e 
4 
1o2 6'2 
5*8 
6'? + 
*8 
1*8 
I 
A lld A r t 
. 
473 
IV . 
I 
V s ......... 
2o’ .’ 
H H A lld T h r 
88 9 
48 2o' 3 
19' 3 
2o 
+ > 3 
3 'a 
2 
A ip h a ln d 
8 
17 2*8 
2+? 
2*8*- 
'a 
7 'a 
5*8 Al ta m ii lOe 
4 
32 6*8 
5*8 
6*8 f 
U 
P e 
*« A lte c C p 
44 
C b 
I 
I 
7 16 3 16 A lte c C p w t 
57 
' . 3 16 3 1 6 - 1 1 6 
6*a 
5’i A lte c C rp pf 
4 5*4 
S’/2 
5 *4 + 
1. 
1 5'b l l ' . A lte rF d S 
5o 9 
35 13*4 
1 3 '. 
13’ * . - A 
4 9 '. 
47’ . A lco a pf3.75 .. 23oo 
49 
49 
49 
........... 
12*8 
4 A AAAAX WI 
.. 
134 5 
4*8 
5 
. 
4 
1*8 A m A g ro 
. 
1o5 3*8 
3V4 
3*8— 
Va 
8 ’ . 
6 ’ h A m B iltrt .5o 
6 
52 7V. 
6*8 
7 
. . . . 
21 
16*b 
A m B rd w t 
. 
195 21 
19'2 
19*8— U 
B 's 
6*8 A m Bus P .28 
9 
2o9 7 
6*8 
6*4— 
Vs 
3 16 I 16 A C e n M tg w t .. 
3 1 16 I 16 I 16.. 
7 '8 
6*8 A C o ntr! 
48 
6 
2 6*8 
6*8 
6 *8 -- 
’ 8 
2 iv . A m F le tc h 
.. 
1o7 IV? 
I * . 
I '/ . — Va 
3 16 I 16 A m F ilc h w t 
4 3 32 1 16 3 3 2 - 1 32 
9 ’ « 
5 * . 
A G a rP d 
.34 
25 
7*8 
7 H 7+A— 
'a 
5’ a 
3' 1 A ln tP ic t 
4 
37 4 '8 
3 * . 
4 A + 
' . 
?’ e 
2 '. A Is ra e l 
H r 
5 
SO 2*8 
2*8 
2*8 
1o*8 
8' 3 A M a iz e A .4o 
5 
72 9 A 
8*8 
8 *. 
IO '? 
8 j ? A M a iz e B 
4o 
5 
27 8*8 
8 ’ 2 
8’ 2— 
Va 
52'a 
49 
A m M f 
2.8oe 5 
14 51*8 
51 
51*8+ 
*8 
5 *. 
4 'V A M o tln n s 
6 
44 
4*4 
4*8 4*4.............. 
37*8 
32*4 A m P e lf 2 2o 8 
31 35'/. 
33V. 
3 4 * .+ 
*8 
9 '8 
7*8 A P re c s 
.28 
6 
23 8*8 
8*8 
8 *8 + 
A 
6 
4' V A S a fE q 
4 
185 5*4 
5 
5 '. + 
>. 
U H 
9 '4 A m S c iE .o4e 25 
526 14*8 
12*8 
1 4 'B f 
1*8 
5 '. 
3*4 A m Tee 
25e 6 x23 
5 '8 
4 *. 
5 
....... 
12*e l l 
A m U tlS 
63e 
4o 11*8 l l 
1 1 *8 f 
3 '. 
2' . 
A n d re R 
o7e 13 f l4 
3+b 
3 
3 
— +e 
3*8 
2 
A ng lo C 
,13e 
7 
444 3'/? 
3 '.4 
3 '/i— 
'4 
8>s 
6* b An ken 
28 
6 
44 7*s 
6* b 
7 
— 
' b 
7*8 
5 '. A n th o n y .321 
3 
56 5*2 
5*4 
5 '2+ 
'4 
6 7 a 
5 'a A pptd O la 
7 
56 5*8 
SVA 
5 *4 + 
' a 
6 U 
3 
A p ld D e v 
14 
175 4 '. 
3*8 
4+e + 
' . 
17*8 
14'8 A q u itC a 
3o 9 
46 15' b 
14+b 
15*8+ 
*s 
5*4 
4 
A riz C L 
.1oe 14 
37 4*8 
4*8 4V .............. 
7 
5*4 A rzC ol p f 48 l l 6*8 
6 V. 6 *b ............. 
7>2 
5 ’ 8 A rm in C p .12 
6 
155 5*4 
5’ a SVA— 
*8 
6 ’ ? 
4 Vj A r r o w E 
13 
233 6 '2 
5*8 6 
+ 
'a 
8*4 
5*8 A ru n d e l 
8 
76 8*4 
7*4 7 * 8 - 
Va 
13' 4 
9*8 Asa rn e ra 
.3o 12x3157 12’ 2 
11*8 
1 1*8 + *8 
11*4 
9 ' 1 A shlO C 
.2o 9 
155 l l 
9*8 
1o*8+ I '8 
I ' . 
*8 
A s k in S v c 
9 
Vs 
78 
*8 ........... 
5' a 
4' b A s tre x 
15e 8 
5o 
4 * . 
4 H 4 * . .............. 
5 ’ s 
4*e A ta la n ta 
2oe 3 
2 
4*a 
4*8 
4 *8 + '8 
1*413 16 A tc o 
In d 
. 
B l 
15 1615 16.......... 
4*8 
3*8 A tla s C M 
. lie 
12x415 
4*8 
4*8 
4 V .+ 
>2 l l ’ . 
9 
A tla s C p w t 
177 l l ' a 
9*8 
1o*8+ 
78 
IS ’ j 
13'J A u q a t 
3o 12 x26 13*8 
1 3'/. 
1 3 '4 — 
Va 
23*8 
14*4 
A u s tra tO 
25 192o 23*8 
21*8 
22 
— 
'a 
7 
5*8 A uto T m 
7ot 
79 
6V2 
6 'a 
6*8— V. 
5'2 
4' a. A u tm B ld 
6 
26 
4*8 
4 ’ 2 
4 '2 .............. 
5*8 
4 
A u tm R ad 
3 
64 
4'4 
4 
4 
......... 
44'? 
39*4 A uto S w 1 2o 12 
2 
44*8 
44+A 44'a 
4*8 
3 ’ n A V E M C 
.2o 6 
31 
4*8 
4 '8 
4 *a + A 
2 9 '. 
23*8 A v o n d a l 1.2o 
9 x l2 25V. 
25 
25 
— 
*s 
BU 
7 
A y d in C p 
7 
67 
I U 
7’8 
7V .............. 
5 '. 
4*8 B A T In d 
5 
4*8 
4*8 
478 f 
V. 
1 'b 13 16 B R T 
,3oe 
9 
+A13 16 
* 8 + 1 1 6 
I 16 I 32 B R T w t 
IO I 32 I 32 I 32........... 
2*a 
I * . B T U 
E ng l l 
IV . 
IV . 
1*4— 'a 
1 2 '. 
8' ti B fld q rM t 
.5o 9 
SO 
12'/. 
11*4 
11*4— '8 
6*a 
4 • a B a k e rM ,15e 
6 l l 
5 
4*8 
4*/e+ 
Va 

7 *. 
2 '2 
5 'a 
3*4 
IO 
5’ a 
12’ * 
3*8 
2’ a 
3’ a 
2*8 
6’ a 
2' . 

3'2 
7*4 
16*8 
3’ . 
6 '2 
3*8 
4 '. 
3 '. 
13*8 
5’ . 
8 

7 l l ' . 
-.5*8 
8 
24*. 
I 11*8 
' 
9*8 
5 
9*a 
12’ . 
24*. 
7’ 8 l l * . 
3*2 
2* 

15' r 
14*9 
5 V. 
5' i 
1 4 '. 

439 
21 
64 
149 
267 
739 
53 
2 l l 
19 
28 

12'a 
7 *. 
1*4 
3*8 
3* 2 
9*8 
5 
54 
12 
21 
3*8 
1*8 
2' 2 
2 
5’ 2 
2 '8 

8o 
17 
28 
69 
38 
5 n o 
.48 9 x75 

2* . 
2*8 
5*8 

Y e a rly 
H ig h 
Lew 

IS 
1o*8 B a id a r E l 
.24 7 
7 'b 
6*8 
B aldw S 
32a 
MC . 
16'a B anF d I 15e 
2 
IS 16 B anqP un w t 
14*8 9 '* 
B anister 
4o 6 
4*4 B anner 
CW 7 
1’ 8 B a rc la y 
o4 35 
2*8 B arcoC a 
12 9 
3’ a B arnes E 
7*8 B a rn w l 
2oe 34 
4*8 B a r ry R 
12 6 
IO 
B a rry W r 
44 8 
3 
B a rth Sp 
2o 9 
1*8 B a rto n s 
19 
I * . B a r u c h F 
12 
1*8 B a rw ic k 
8 
4*8 Bel I Ind 
o8a 6 
174 
17a B elsctR 
o6t 6 
12 
7 16 5 32 B e n S tM q w t 
2 
3*8 
2'8 B e n ru s 
17 
66 
2*8 B erq 
E n t 
138 
28 
5 
B ergen S 
13'? B rg B p f I 15 
2 'a BernzO 
5 
B erte a 
14 
2*8 B ervenC 
o6 
3 
Beth Cd 
IOC 
2*a B e v e rly E 
11*4 B ic P e n 
4 
B iq D ad 
6 
7 
B igV S up 
26 4 
I 6’ a 
1 5 '. B ink M f la 
7 
18*8 
147% B in n y Sm 
8o 7 
5*8 B lessng 
3o 5 
8 V4 B lo un t 
3o 4 
4*8 B od in A p 
4o 2o 
6 * . B oll B er 
2o 17 
16' ? B ow V a ll 
IO 1o4 2o7 
9' ? B ow ne 
3o 5 
3o 
7*8 B racftdN 
.2o IO 212 
4 
B ra nch 
.2o 5 
12 
7 ' b B ra n ifA r w t 
47 
11' a B ra s c a n A I 3x3o3 
21’ . B ra un E n 
4*8 B reezeCo 
9*8 B re w e rC 
2’ a B ro O a rt 
.2o 6 
2 '. B rody Se 
17 
12'2 
IO 'a B ro o k s P 
.4o 5 
2*a 
2 
B row nC o w t 
13*8 B m F A 
.6o 9 
13'? B m F B 
.6o 9 
4*a B rw n F pf.4o 
4 's B u e h le r 
5 
12's B u e ltln d 
4ob 5 
3 ’ a B uilde x 
5 
2 * . B u rg e s s 
7 
1o8 
13’ 8 B u rih g 
1.1o 6 
33 
B 's B u rn s in 
6o 7 182 
IO’ a 
9*8 B u tle r In 
.5o 6 195 
13*8 

Soles 
N e t 
(bds I H ig h lo w 
Last C hg. 
15 
13*. 
7 
6* . 
17’ ? 
17’ 8 
1’ 2 
IV . 
11V. 
5*8 
I*? 
3v. 
3 Mi 
9 '8 
478 
11V. 
3'4 
1*8 
2*8 
1*8 
5’8 
2*8 
Va 

1 4 *8 * 
6*8— 
17*8 f l u ­ l l U — 
7’ 8 + 
I * . 
37-8 f 
3V?. 
9 U - - 
4+A - 
12 
+ 
3’A . ■ 
IX .— 
2 '? + 
I U ­ 
K A — 
2 A - 

2*4 
2V. 
K /2- 

1 
6 
14 

16*8 
18*. 
6* . 
8* . 
5 
7*8 
18 
9*4 
8*8 
4*8 
7 V. l l * . 
26 
231. 
9 
5*4 
58 
1o*4 
9 
3*8 

2*8 
2*8 
S'A 
14*8 
14*8 
14*8 + 
2*. 
2*8 
2*. + 
5+4 
2+4 
3*8 
2*8 
13*8 
4*8 
7 '? 

6’ ? 
3 
3 'a 
2*8 
1 3*. 
4*4 

14 
18 
38 
9 
223 
14*. 

6*8 
8*8 
4 *. 
6* . 
16' ? 
9*8 
7*8 
4*8 
7*8 l l ’ . 
22 
5*2 
IO '/. 
3’8 
2*8 
2*8 
11*4 
1o*4 
2*8 
2 
14*2 
14'8 

6’ ? + 
3 f 
"* 
3*8— 
*8 
2 *8 + 
*8 
13’A + 
'8 
4 *8 _____ 
7 XA........... 
15*8 
1578— 
*8 
1 6 '. 
I 6+ 
- I U 
6V .+ 
*8 
8 * 2- 
*8 
478. . . . . 
7 
— 
'8 
17*8+ I 
9*8— 
'8 
7 * 8 - 
Va 
4*8+ 
'A 
7 * 8 - v . 
11'/ I ........... 
2 3 '? + 1*8 
5*2— 
Va 
1o*8 + 
’ 8 
3 *8 + 
V. 
TV?— 
’ a 
1 o * 4 - 
Va 
2 
........... 
14’ 8 

3*4 
15*. l l 
13*. 
38 
31 2 
7'A 
9*8 

2o 
31 

8 

13*8 
14 
— 
5 
5 

21*8 CK Pet 
I * . C D IC p 
5*8 C H B F d 
6 
C H C C p . 
3 16 3 32 C IM tg w t 
3*8 
2*8 C M I CP 
2’ ? 
IM C M T Ind 
8*8 
6*8 CRSDes 
13’ . 
IO*? CSECp 
IO 
57 s Ca bl com 
4*8 
3 ** C agleA 
14’ a l l * . C aidor 
5*8 
3 
C a lco m p 
4’ j 
3 'b C a lL ife 
18 
15*8 C a lP rtC 
8 ' . 
6 
C a m e o 
315 16 3 
C a C h b A 
5*8 
4* b C a m p ln 
6*8 
5*8 C dnE xp 
8 
5 78 Cdn H o m o 
17 
8 * . 
7*8 C d nH ydr 
IS 
8 
2o'? 
16*8 C d ln P A 1.5o 
9 
41 16 
3V4 C d n M a rc 
2o l l 
14'? 
12'? C d n M e rr l l 
14'? C dnO cci 
.54 
6 
3778 C d nS u pO 
9 

5*8 
4*8 
4*8 
13*8 
13*8 
3*4 
3'2 
3 
2*4 
14*8 
13+a 
13+A— 
8*8 
8X4 
12' 

4Mb— 
*8 
13*8— 
'8 
3 '? — 
'8 
2 XA— 
Va 
*8 l ’A 
13’ ? + I 
2oe 29 
215 
36*8 
327 s 
36*8 + 
2o 
25 
3 l l 
24r 
12x5o8 
16 
6 
163 
IO 
2o 
5 
54 
64 
5 
8 
69 
IS 
4 
I 
25 
8 
73 
167 
5 
14 
I 
8 
63 
34 
97 
15 
o5e 
7 
IO 

3*8 
5 * . 
9*8 

3 
5*8 
9*4 
* ft 
2+A 
2'? 
7*8 

3 
7 '? 
I 
£ l l' 8 
13’ 8 
IO 
3’ 2 
13 
3 
3'? 

3*2 

3’ 8 
3>2 

16*8 
42' ? 
2*4 
3*8 
3*4 
5 * 4 
78 X. 

2* . 
19'8 
2' 2 
41 
51 
6*4 
3*8 

I 
C a p e tia n 
413 
2’ a 
2 ' b C a pitIR s 
8 
JO 
3 
2'a C a p itlF d 
.2o 
4 
18 
3 
4'a Caressa 
3o 
13 
+9 
4+2 
67 
C a rn a l t OO 
13 
31o 
71V. 
13'a C a ro P ip l lh 
8 
17 
14 
57 
C a ro P L p l 
5 
ZUO 
59'4 
4 * b C a rro lDv 
4o 
4*4 
17'a C asFd 
I 2oa x74 
18 
H a C astletn 
IO 
124 
7 
9*4 C a v itrn l?e is 
591 
19+A iv ? C e llu C ft 
7 
13 
7 + 8 
38'a C enM pf 3 5o 
ZITO 
39*4 
47'? C e nP L pf 
4 
Z17.5 
49' ? 
57a Cent Sec. 
SIV, 
74 
6+a 
2'a C e n trv F 
13 
24 
3’ 8 

6 7b 
6*8 
3*4 
3 ’ 2 
5 
4*8 
6 
5+8 
92 
6*8 
57% 
6o 
7V. 
7*8 
617 
2o*8 
2o 
7 
3*? 
3*? 
24 
14'A 13*4 
26 
15*8 1478 
15o 
4 o '? 38'2 
4 o '? + I '? 
IV . 
2 '8 + 
*8 
2*4 
3 
........... 
278 
278— 
*8 
4'A 
4 *? + 
'8 
7o 
7 o * 8 - 

3 *8 + 
V. 
5*4 
... 
9*4 
' 8 - 1 16 
2 *8 ......... 
2 '? ........... 
7'-2— 
*8 
13’ 8 ........... 
IO 
3 '? - 
'A 
13'8 
3 
. . . . . . 
3 '? — 
'8 
16*4— 
Va 
6*4 
3 *4 ........... 
4 * 8 - 
' . 
6 
+ 
'8 
578— 
' A 
7'» — 
*8 
2o' 8 . 
. 
3 *? + 
'8 
1 4 '/.+ 
Va 
15'/e+ 

1378 
13+a — 
5 9 'e + 
4*8 
17*8 
IV . 
16*8 
2 

’8 
4*8— 
18 
+ 
*8 
IV .— 
I a 
19 
+ CA 
2 
— 
’ 8 
39’ a — 
*? 
49V? + 2 
6 
— 
*8 
3V8+ 
>8 

Y eo rty 
H ig h 
Low 

22*4 
12’ ? C e n v lll 
I 19 
73*8 
22' ? C e rM p f2 25 
I * . 
IV . C e rt it c j 
I * . 
*< 
C e rtro n 
7'8 
1 *. 
CetecCp 
7V. 
3*8 O ia d M l 
4oa 
4 
2 7a C h am pH O 
6 7* 
4 '? C h a r lM d 
7 *. 
7 
C h rtM p f .75 
4’ 1 
J' a Chem E x 
28’ . 
2 4's C h iR iv I 6oa l l 
127a 
1o’ s Chi et Dev 
1: 
12*8 
9 ’ ? C h iid W ld 
7 
3 
C h ris tn a 
1oe I 
3 '? C in e F iv e 
13 
I XA O n e r am 
IO '. C irc le K 
.7o 
I 
7*4 C ita tio n 
4ob 
! 
8*8 C ity G s F I 
68 
I 
6 
C la rm n t 
2’ i C la rk e 
1oe 
1 
9’ a C la rkso n .2o 
I 
3*? C la ro s ta t 
’ 
I C . C la u sing 
I 
I 
6 78 C io p ay 
16 
1 
13 
C oachm 
.25 
: 

4 *8 
478 
2*8 
17 *8 
9 *. l l * . 
67b 
7 *. 
13*8 
5*4 
14*8 
8 
19’ 8 
3*. 
18*8 
4*8 
8 '. 
37 
2* . 
12’ « 
13'a 
6' . 
IC ? 
19*4 
11*8 
12*8 
27e 
178 
2'b 
IO '. 
6*b 
17*2 
4 78 
13 
4*4 
12*b 
9*8 
1*8 
1*8 
17*8 
15*8 
7*2 

1 5 '. C olem an 
68 
3*2 C olonC m l 
6' 2 Col w e! IC 
.4o 5 
119 
34 
C o m in co 
2 14 
4 
I * . C o m G rp 
14 
14 
9 ' 1 C o m A II 
3oa 
8 
471 
IO' ? Com M il 
6ob 17 
4' ? C om d In t 
4 
9'8 CoPsyc 
.3o 7 
18*8 C om P S 
I 62 
7 

Soles 
N e t 
(b d s.) H ig h Low lo s t C h g. 
1o7 
19 
17*4 
19 
— 
'A 
R3 
73 
72 H 
23 
+ 
*4 
7 l'A iv , 
IM H 
'A 
76 
I 
+A 
I 
+ 
' a 
44 
JVA 
2’ A 
2’ s l l 
5+A 
5*4 
5 X 4 - 
' a 
373o 
3 Va 
2 + 8 
2 + A - 
H 
I 
4*4 
4*4 
4*4. 
13 
7+8 
7 
7 
2oo 
4' ? 
4'A 
4+2 + 
'A 
18 
25+A 
25H 
25H 
8o l l io n l l 
19 
9+A 
9*4 
9 * 4 - 
'A 
65 
3*A 
3+. 
3 H V 
'A 
V 
3*4 
3' ? 
3*4. 
13 
2 
1+A 
2 
+ 
’ ’ A 
212 
I I H io n 
1o+A— 
H 
31 
8 
7+A 
8 
29 
IO 
9*4 
9*4— 
'A 
41 
6' ? 
6+4 
6' ? F 
*4 
6 x21 
2*4 
7*4 
W*4 ♦ 
H 
8 
44 
12*. 
IT A 
12+4— 
Va 
33 
SVA 
4*A 
5+. F 
'? 
8 
16 
13+A 
13H 
13**— 
H b 
39 
8 
7+2 
7*4 + 
'A 
5 
78o 
14*4 
13 
1 3 H - 
+A 
2o 
2*4 
2'? 
7*4 
B 
777 
17+. 
16+. 
1 6 *4 - l ’ A 
57 
4*4 
4+4 
4+4. 

17 
1o7/s 
25 
5*8 
IS 
IO *. 
38 
19 
4*8 C o m p a c 
8 
634 
11*8 

7’8 
6’ 2 
36’ ? 
35’ ? 
2 
2 
12*8 
IC ? 
1o*4 

5 
Com po In 
32 19 
4o 
I ’ ? C o m p uD 
7 1o8 
I 
C o m p ln s t 
3 
C b C o m p tn v 
27 
9*8 C onchm 
SO 
5 
48 
4*8 C oncrdF 
.. 
88 
9*8 Condec 
3 
78 
3*8 C o n n lly C 
11 
4 
IO** C o nrock 
6o 
8 
5 
4 
C onroy 
.14 
7 
42 
9 77b C o nsO G 
18 
375 
77b ConsR ef 
.6o 
IO 
4 
7‘b C o n tM tl 
113 
97 
CA Cont Tel w t 
2o 
13’ ? Cook Ind 2oe 
12 162 
13’ . C ookP V 
4oa 
8 
5 
5 
CciopJar lOe 
5 
18 i U 
3 
C o rd o n 
13 
58 
19 
15' 2 C o re L b 
2oe 
8 
1 6 '. I I * . Corenoo 
.8o 
8 
127,s 
11*8 C o rn elius 48 9 
31*. 
76*8 C o rr B lk 14o l l 
27/b 
2*8 C o s c o ln c 
2'8 C ottC p 
4 
'8 C o u s in s w t 
28 

7 
— 
’ 
36 
2 
......... 
12’A f 
' 
1o*4......... 
5 
5 
IO'A 
IO'A— 
* 
18*4 
19 
— 
' 
9 tb 
11*4+ 
I 
IO '? 
1C /4 + 
2' a 
2*4- 
11* 
? '? 
1*8 
T A 
IO 
5 
9*4 
3*4 
13 
4*4 ll* ? 
1o7A 
IC 
87A 
8*8 
87A + 
CA 
IV . 
13’ ? 
13*. 
6*2 
3*8 

IV. 
CA 
9*8 
4*8 
9*8 
3*8 
13 
4' ? 

CA c a — 
97A— 
5 
+ 
9*8 + 
3 * 4 + 
13 
4'/?. . 

2* 
5 16 
22*4 
5*8 
19' ? 
4o 
7*4 
3 4 '. 
6 * . 
5 '. 
15 7A 

1*8 
1*4 
15 
13*. 
6*4 
3*8 
53 
16 
14 
IS*? 
28 l l * . 
39 
29*8 
29 
8 
2 *8 
2*8 
2' i 

16' 2 CoxCC 
21 
481 
22 
4 * 8 
15*4 
3 7b C ra m rE 
13t 66 
56 
IS' ? C ro m p t 
,75e 5 
15 
3 5 '. C rosA T 
I 2o l l 
33 36*4 36’ A 
6*8 C rc w lM 
5oa 37 
14 
6*4 
6*8 
76 
C w nC P t 
6or 4 
51 
78*8 
26 
4 * . C r o w n e r 
6 
1o3 
6 ’ . 
5*? 
4 '? C ro w n ln 
2o 8 
25 
4?4 
4X. l l * . C ru tc R .3636x312 
12' a l l ' ? 
15' 2 
12*8 C ry s tlO 
4or 14 l l ' . 
IO 'e C ubic n 
,4o 6 
14*. 
13 
C u rtic e B 
8o 5 
5*a 
4 * . C u rtis M . 15e 
4 

C A - 
1*8+ 
'A 
13' a— C-? 
13'A— 
*8 
6' '2— 
Va 
3 'A — 
Va 
15' ? 
15*8— 
*8 
14*. 
1 5 '? + 
*8 l l ' ? 
11V .+ 
*8 
2 9 'A - 
'? 
2 *8 + 
Va 
2*8 
7*8............ 
3 16 3 1 6 - 
'« 
21*. 
22 
- 
'A 
4*8 
4 *8............ 
15'? 
IS '? — 
* . 
36'8— 
'A 
6 * 8 - 
Va 
26 
— V A 
6*8 + 
*8 
4*/.— 
'A 
12 + 
*8 
14* 
14*8 
14V. 
3o l l * . 
1o*4 IO’ ? .. 
32 
13*8 
13*4 13’ 2 
27 
S'A 
47A 
5 
- 

IV . 
4*4 
2*8 
7 

1o*4 
7*» 
C a 
18 
14*. 
6 
6*4 

13 

D-E-F 
7 
13 16 DC C 
13 
225 
1*8 
6 '? 
3 7s DW G 
.49* 
4 
117 
478 
3'? 
2*8 D am onC 
4 
38 
3 
9' ? 
7 
D am son 
23 
251 
7*8 
28 
2o 74 D a niel 
18b 8 
7 $2*8 
21*4 
13'» 
1o*8 D a tap d lOe 
8 
452 l l 
11*8 
7*8 
D a y M in ,2oe 19 385 
7' ? 
7*4 
De J u r A 1oe 148 
I 
C ? 
C a DeRose 
15*4 
14 
Del Labs 
.36 
7 
7*b 
6*4 
D e llw d F .54 l l l l 
8 '? D e n T a lE 
9 
54 
22*8 
19*4 
D e p s itr 1.52 
6 
3 
7 'a iv . 
D e s g n J w 
43 
77s 
5*8 
D e v c p A 
7 
149 
4*s 
3'? 
D ig ic o n 
47 
157 8 
13'? D illa rd St .4o 5 l l 
IV . 15 16 D io d e s 
41 
2*b 
T A D is F a b ,1oe 13 
12 
18*8 
13'? 
D iv e rs e v 56 9 
1o6 
IT A 
1o*8 D ix ily n 
4oe 6 
91 
4 T a 
3 7 '. D o m e P t 
9 
594 
41 
38*4 
IS7 a 
1 3 '. Dom ta r 
8o 23 x i i 
15*8 
15 
8* . 
6 7a 
D onkeny 
28 4 
19 
7’ ? 
7 'a 

1*8 - 
4*8 
2*4— 
7 * 2 — 
22 
— 
1o*8 
1o*4— 
9 '? 
1 o * 8 - 
7*8 
7*8 

*8 

9 * 8 
22 
2 
6*8 
3*8 

I 'A — 
14*. + 
6 * 8 - 
9 * 8 - 

Ta 
14 
6*8 
9 Va 
21V. 
22 
T A 
T A 
6*8 
6*8 
. 
3*2 
3 '? .. 
13*4 
13' ? 
13*4— 
1*a 
I 
1'8 + 
2' A 
1*b 
2'8 + 
17*8 
16*8 
17 x 
11*2 
11*8 
11’ ? + 
4 o *8 + 
15*8 + 
7 '8 - 

*8 

Complete nationw ide com posite prices 
. stocks 
Exclusive in San Antonio 

Continued from Pg. 9C 
S - T - t ' 
Y e a rly 
Sales 
N e t 
High 
Low 
(b d s.) High lo w 
Last Chg. 

IU 
6 '. S alant 
24b 
5 
7o 7*8 
7*8 7 'A . . . . . . 
177a 
14' i Sam bos 
48 
8 2965 IS '/. 
14*4 1514+ 
1/. 
1 5 '. 
13*. 
S D ie G E I 2o 
6 
611 14 
13*4 W e - 
’A 
9*8 
7*8 
S JuanR 
99t 
6 
146 8’ 8 
7*8 7 * 8 - 
*2 
1 7 '. 
9*o S a n d e rs 
.. 
2o3 1o*8 
9*8 1 o '/.+ 
*8 
39» ? 
36 
S Fe I rid 
2 
8 
788 
37 
3 6 'e 
37 
+ 
V. 
1o7b 
9 * . S F e ln d p f.SO 
43 IO '/. 
IO 
IO 
............. 
53’ . 
42'? San Fe In t .3o IO 
164o 49 
46 
48 
— 
I 
16*8 
13*8 S aratW e! .6o 
8 
4 
15V. W A 
IS '/.— 
' + 
41. 
3*8 SauTRE 
.. 27o 
3*4 3*8 
3' ?— Va 
37b 
3' a 
S avA S tp 28 53 3 * . 3'A 
3' a ........... 
7'? 
6 
S avO n D r .2o 
7 
99 
6V. 
6 
6 '8 — ' a 
IC A 
9*8 S a v E IP 
8o 
6 
43 
9 7A 
9*8 
9V?— *8 
15*8 
14'8 S a v n E A I 34 
.. 
7 
14*8 
14'» 
14V.— * 8 
137 a 
13 
S avE I p f I 28 
35 
1 3'A 
13'A 
13V?— 'A 
247a 
18*. S avB M 
.3o 
9 277 21*a 
2o*? 21 
........... 
5 * . 
4 
S a x o n 
8 
321 4X8 
4Ve 
4Vb— 
'A 
7'a 
5*8 S chaefer 
2o 
6o 
6 '/. 57/e 
6 
— *8 
44>. 
36 
S che rg P I 
I 13 25o7 37*8 36 
3 7*8 + *8 
18'? 
14 
S c h litz B r 
68 
9 1363 
147A 14 
147A + 'A 
6 5 '. 
56 
S c h lu m b 
8o 
18 2624 
6o*/. 58*8 
6o>/4+ 1*8 
14*. 
13 
S CO AIn 
.8o 
5 
61 
14'A 13*/. 
14'8— '/. 
67s 
5 * . S cotL ad 
.36 4o 
1o1 
6 '? 
6V. 
6 *8 + 'A 
28 
24*8 Scot Fet 1 2o 
8 
72 
26*A 
26*8 26'2 ............ 
25’ . 
2 1 '. S cott F o r 
84 
8 
289 
24'/. 
22'? 23'A— 
*4 
2o*. 
1678 Scot I P ap 
76 
9 242 
18'A 
17'A 
17*8— 
*a 
V ? 
8 
S cottys 
2o 
1o 
116 
8*8 8*8 
8 *? + 'A 
23'? 
2o’’ a S c o v ill 
1.2o 
8 
449 2 T A 2o*8 
21’/ . — *8 
8 
6 * . S c u d d e r 
13 
163 7'A 
678 
67A— 
'A 
9 2 
8 7e Scudd pf.83e 
52 
9*8 
9 '/. 
9V.— 'A 
287a 
24' a SoaCont 
.25 7 
3o3 
27*4 
2 6*. 
27V .+ *2 
36*8 
33 
SeabCL 
2 
6 1286 
357A 
347a 
35*.-+- V. 
37s 
2 * . SeabW A 
22t 
. 
42o 
3'A 
2 * . 
2*a — *8 
74 
21*8 
S ea g ram 
BO 
8 255 
23*8 
22*? 
22'/?— 'A 
9’ . 
7 'a 
S eaqrv 
16e 
6 
35 
8*8 
8*8 
8 *8 + Va 
17*. 
15’A S eaiP w 
8o 
6 
27 
15*8 
15'A 
15'a — 'a 
1 3 '. l l 
S ea rle G 
.52 
IO 
1548 11*8 
11V. l l ’ ? ............ 
69*. 
6o’ A Sears 
I 8oa 14 
2598 6V/2 
6o’A 
6o7s x 
'? 
IO *. 
7*A S e a tra in 
13 22o9 1o*a 
8*8 
1o*8+ 1*8 
36'a 
277s 
Sedco Inc 
3o 7x 27 8 
34*8 
3 3'? 
3 4 '/.+ 'A 
1 9 '. 
16' e S e la L tz 12ob 
6 
93 
16*8 
16V4 
16*2— 'A 
7 '. 
4 ' b 
Svc Cp In t 
2o 
6 
371 7'A 
67a 
7 
........... 
I V . 
15' 9 
Servant 
9o 6 
1 2o 
15'/. 
15'A 
15'A— 'A l l ' ? 
8' ? S ha ksp re .4o 6 x 73 
9*a 
8*8 
9 'A + 
'? 
19 
16*8 
Sh a pet I 
IO 
6 
91 
18V. 
17*? 
17'?— *4 
V . 
7 *. S h e a rH 
22e 
3 
144 
77a 
7V. 
77a + 
'/. 
8o 
6 7 *. Shell O il 3 2o 
7 
756 7oV. 
6 8 *. 
7o 
+ I 
35*? 
31 
S hell T 
93e 6 
31 33*4 
33 
33'a— 
1*8 
15'a 
IT A 
S h e llrG I 6oa 
4 
29o 
W e 
IT A 12'/.— 
*8 
237s 
19' ? St*MGI p f 1.35 .. 
15 
21 
IK A 19*4— 
1*. 
2o’ ? 
17' 2 SHI IGI pf I 4o l l 18 
18 
18 
— 'A 
54 
47 
Shi I GI pf 
3 
I 47 
47 
47 
— I'A 
4 C ? 
34 
S herw W 2.2o 
21 
211 35'/. 
34 
3 5 '4 + 
V. 
71 
6o 
ShrW p l 4.4o 
. z13o 61 
6o*? 
61 
+ I 
1 4 '. 
12*b S ie rrP a c 
I 
8 
14o 13'A 
12V. 
127A + 
'A 
28 a 
24 
S'qna l 
1 1o 
8 519 25*? 
24V? 
2 5*8 + 
*a 
63 
5 3 '. 
S ignal p f2 2o 
6 57'/. 
57 
57 
— 2 
4o 
37--a 
Signode I 2o l l 
179 39 
38*4 
39 
+ 
'/. 
7 's 
6 '. 
S im P re c 
18 
8 
83 6*4 
6V». 
6*»— 
’ a 
19'a 
16*a 
S im m 
I 12 12 
88o I 8V4 
16*A 
18 
+ 
Va 
16*8 l l * . S im p P a t 
5o 12 2747 12V. 
11*4 W A ............ 
23' • 
19'? S inger 
,1oe 
7 
825 22*8 21'A 
21V?— 
Va 
45 
4 3 *. 
S in gr pf 3 5o 
44 
44 
4 3 *. 44 
........... 
23'8 
1 7 '. Skaggs 
5o 
8 444 18'A 
17V. 
18 
— Vs 
1 3 *. 
IO’ ? S k it Cp 
13 
69 13'A 
12'A 1 2 * 8 - 
'A 
1 9 '. 
14*8 S k y lin e 
.32 
16 
874 15'/. 
14'A 
14*8— 
*8 
17*e 
14*? S m ith AO 
6o 
4 
96 147A 
14'? 
14*8— 
'A 
4o 
33 
S m ith ln t .52 
9 1396 37V. 
33 
34 
— 3 
79*8 
72 
S m ith k ln 
2 
15 
5o6 74'/. 
73 
73*2— 
X. 
2o’ a 
17*8 S m ith T r 
.6o 
5 
1o9 18 
17V. 
18 
+ H 
197a 
17 
Sm u c k e r 
9o 
7 
32 197A 
19'? 
19*8-- 
'A 
.14 l l ' j Sola Bas 
.6o 
9 
199 14 
13V. 
13V........ 
3*b 
27s Sonesta 
8 
916 3*8 
3*4 
3 *8 + 
*8 
IO* a 
8 'a S onyCp 
o6e 181228o 
1oV. 
9*4 9'A — 
*8 
4o*8 37 
S ooLin 
3c 
6 
75 4o 
38’A 
4o 
+ IV . 
19*8 
18’ . S C a rEG I 56 
9 
566 18*/. 
18*8 
18'/?— 
'a 
32 
28' ? SC E G p f 2 5o 
2 29 
29 
29 
+ 
' 2 
1 9 '. 
17*e S o J e rln 
1.56 
8 
64 18 
17V. 
177A ............ 
16 
13 
S outdw n 
.6o 
67 15*8 
14*4 
15'A— 
'A 
2 8 '. 
26 
Sdwn pf 1 8o 
13 27V? 
27’/. 
27V.— 
'4 
12V. 
9 7a Soest Bk 
4ob 
9 
455 
1oV. 
9 7a 
IO 
— 'A 
9 ’ s 
7 
Soest PS 1.37t 
8 
3! 
S'A 
8*8 
8 '/? + *8 
2 4 *. 
21' b S oC alE 
2 
7x333o 24V. 
23*8 
2 3 'A + 
'4 
17*. 
16 
South Co 
I 46 IO 3o56 
16*4 
16'/. 
16'A + 
Va 
2o*8 
197a S o ln G E 
8 
52 2o*4 
W a 
2o*8+ V. 
58'? 
SO1 ? SoN Res 
1 85 
7 
631 54'/. 
5T A 
527A + 
»A 
■IO*. 
36’ a SONE Tel 
3 
9 
81 37*a 36'a 
37*8+ 
Vt 
5 o '. 
48 
SONE p f3 82 
3 48*s 
48*8 
48*8— 
’ . 
37 
32*b SOU Pac 
2 24 
8 
863 33(4 33’A 
33'/?+ 
'A 
6 2 '. 55 
SouRy 
2 32 
IO 
864 58*. 
57 
57 
— 
I '/ . 
674 
6 * . 
SouRy p f .5o 
16o9 
6*8 
6’A 6 *8 ............... 
63’ . 
58 
SouRy pf 
3 
23 59 
58 
58 
— 
IV? 
38 'a 
3o' 2 SoU nCo 
I 84 12 
1o9 31'/. 
3o’A 
3o'/?— I 
2 7's 
21*a S outtnd 
5ob IO 
415 22*8 
21*8 2 T / r - 
'A 
47 
36 
S ouR oyl 
68 
17 
335 
39*? 
37*8 
39V .+ 'a 
2 5 'e 
2o' 1 S w 'B ksh 
I 
8 
IOO 
247a 
24'A 
24'A— ' ? 
IO *. 
8 
S w s tF o r 
.2o 
7 
199 
9 'a 
9'a 
9'A — '/. 
22*. 
2o7a S w tF I p f I 5o x 51 22*? 
21*8 2 1 * 8 - 
'? 
W ? 
13'-. S w P bS v CIO 
9 1141 13V. 
W a 
13V*+ 
'/. 
14'a 
IT A S p rtn F d 
.28 
5 
161 12*8 
IT A 
IT A — 
'A 
13*8 
9 7a S parton 
.4o 
7 
63 11*8 
1o'A 
11'/?+ 
I 
17*8 
15*o S p e rry H 
I 
7 
315 !7 'A 
16*8 
16*8— 
*8 
/ 3 9 '. 
36 
S p rry H p f 
3 
.. 
9 367A 
36'A 
367b.......... 
43’ e 35 
S p e rryR 
.92 
8x3774 37 
35 
35Xi+- 
* . 
14*. 
127a S p rin g M 
9o 
8 
58 137A 
13*8 
W e — 
'A 
28 * 8 
24 
S q u a rD 
I 2o 15 1o68 287A 
2674 
27'/?— 
'•? 
3 o'? 
2 7 '. S quibb 
96 12 
877 29*8 
27*4 
28'/.— 1*8 
22’ ? 
18'? S taley 
I 
7 
337 21'a 
W A 
2o'a— 
>4 
24 *. 
23 
St Poor 1.92a 
119 237A 
23*8 
237/»— 
'A 
31'A 
27'? St Br and 
1 28 
12 583 28*+ 
28'A 
28V.— 
' a 
52' 1 
48 
S td B r p f3 5o z 29o 
49 
48 
48 
— x . 
42*. 
34' a S tB P a in t .4o 17 
293 35*8 
34>4 
34V?— 
X. 
43>. 
383a S tdO ilC I 2 2o 
8 2611 397A 
387A 397A + 
*8 
59'a 
4 9 *. S tO illn d 2 6o 
9 25o 1 52’/. 
49*4 
52V .+ 
2*8 
85*« 
73’ ? S tO ilO h 
I 36 23 
635 81 
79*8 8o>A+ l'A 
6o'? 
5 8 ’ . SOOh pf3.75 z 2o 6o*? 
6oV? 6 o'/?+ 
I 
8 'a 
7 
S tdP ress .4o 17 
58 
7 '4 
7 
7 'A + 
'/? 
7 'a 
6 'a S td P ru d 
.66 l l 
68 
67A 
6V. 
6+8............ 
17'? 
16' a S tandex 
8o 
6 
49 16V? 
16*4 
16'A— 
Va 
33 
2 8 '. StanW 
1.12 
9 
22o 32 
31*8 31V.— 
* . 
19’ . 
17 
S ta n ra y 
8o 
8 
138 19'A 
19*8 
1 9 'A .. .. . 
24'a 
22'a S ta rre tt 
1.12 
7 
9 23'/. 
227A 23 
+ 
's 
13 l l * . StaM Se 1.o5 
164 12 
11V. 
IT A — 
'a 
497a 
45'2 S tautC h 
1 44 
9 
259 48 
4 6'a 46V.— 
(A 
9*a 
77a S te rch i 
.56 7 
14o 
9*8 
8V. 
9 *8 + I 
17 la >. S te rD rug 
7o l l 1642 15'A 
147/a 
15 
— 'a 
6*8 
4 7a S te rlP re .12 
6x13o 
5 
474 
5 
+ 
'-. 
I T e 
9 * . S te rn d n t 
4o 
2o2 11*8 
IOX. 
1 1 * .+ 
* 8 
W a 
16*. S teven J 
I 2o 5x561 
17*8 
16V. 
1 7 '/.+ 
V. 
37*8 
33*. StewW a I 96 8 
67 34*8 
33'/. 
3 3 (8 + 
*8 
23*8 
2o'a StOkVC I 2o IS 
18o 23 
22 
22 
— 
*8 
13'? l l ' . S tokV C pf I .. 
Z72o 12 
IT A 
12 
61 
54’ ? StoneW 
2 5o 
7 x67 55*8 
54' 2 
547A + 
Va 
15'a 
12'? Stoa Con 
.6o 
5 
35 13V. 
127/s 
13 
— 's 
16 2 
15*b StopShop 
I 
6 
39 16V. 
16 
1 6'/............... 
12'? 
IO1. StorTee 
,67t 
6 
2o7 1o7A 
1o'A 
1o*4 . 
277a 
23*8 
S to re rB 
I 
6 
5o6 2774 
24V. 
2 7 '/.+ 
2*8 
14/. 
12*8 S trid R ite .92 
7 
88 , 14*/. 
14'A 
14',? 
, 
4 5 
3 8 '. S tuW or 
I 68 
5 
389 3974 
38*-. 
39V.— 
* . 
5o 
43' ? StuW p f 1.4o 
.. 
6 44'4 
43’A 
437A— l'e 
IDI 
88 
S tuW pf 
5 
2 91' a 
88 
88 
— 
5 *. 
5 '. 
3' ? SuavSho 
2o 
4 
434 
4*8 
3'A 
4 
— V. 
24*8 
2o*2 S ub P rG I o8 
7 
2o5 22*8 
2 C a 
21 *A— Va 
IO '. 
8 'a SuC rest 
5o 
3 
1o6 9V. 
87A 
8’A — V. 
25 
19 
S unC hm 
4o 
6 
183 21'A 
19*4 
2o7A + 
1*8 
49 
4 o '. Sun Co 
2 
6 
696 43*8 
4o'/. 
43 
+ 
2'/. 
51 
417S SunCo p f? 25 
447 
45'4 
41'A 
44X4+ 2*8 
25 
2 o'a 
Sun b m 
I o8 
9 
617 22 
2C 4 
2 T A + Va 
3 6 '. 
33'a S u n d str I 2o 
8 
398 35*4 
34* b 
35*8+ Vs 
53 
43 Sunds p f3 5o .. 
17 5C A 49 
5 C A + 27A 
16' a l l 
S unsM g 
I4r 9o 1633. 
157A 
14*4 
15*8— 
*8 
24 a 
21*8 S up e rV al 
.66 IO 
129 22*8 
22'A 
2 2 'A + 
'c 
258 
185 
S u p rO il 
1.8o 
15 5o7 2o9 
185 
188'a - 2 C A 
8 ! ? 
6 7b S upm K G 
.3o 
6 
185 JVj 
7 
I 
— 
Xs 

Yearly 
High Lew 

19’ 2 
17' 2 Supm p t l 3o 
22*a 
17 
S uprscp 
25e 
5 
7*8 
6’4 S u tro M tg 
33 
15*8 Swank la 
6 
16*4 S ybron 
84 
8 
37 
S ybm pf2.4o 
1o*8 Sycor 

19’ a 
19*8 
41*. 
14*. 
6 ’ . ’ 
5*8 S ystron 
22*8 
177a T lc o r 
11o 

Soles 
Net 
(hdv) High Low 
Last Chg. 

I 
18’a W A 
18’A— V. 
342 
18*b 
17 
17’A — l ’A 
79 
67A 6*8 
6*8— 
Va 
17o 
16*8 W e 
16’/ . + Va 
114 
17’ 8 167 i 
167/»— 
Va 
21 
38 
37 
37’/?— 
’ a 
149 
W A IO* A 
1o*A— 
’ ? 
69 
5*4 5*8 
5 *4 .......... 
342 
19'? 18'? 
19 V.— 
*8 
9 '8 T R E C p 
14 
373 
9*2 
9*8 
9*? 
34*. TR W in 
I 4o 
9 
821 
35*4 
3 4 '. 
35'4 + 
3 83'? 
83 
19 
77V. 
76 
158 31 
29 
15 
5*4 
5 
14o 
9'A 
8*4 
56 12*8 
12 

IO 
39 
89 
83 
T R W pf4 4o 
79'? 
737a 
TR W pf4.5o 
33 7'8 
287a 
T a ftB rd 
.8o 9 
6*a 
4*8 T a lc o tt 
25 
IO1? 
8*4 T a lle y 
6o 
5 
13'a 
12 
T a lle y pf 
I 
2 o '. 
17*/. T a m p E I 1 12 
IO 
741 18'A 
17V. 
427s 
36 
T a n d y 
8 
1o3o 37*4 
36 
16 
11V. T a n d y c ft 
6 
437 12*? 
11*8 
9*8 Ta pp a n 
.24 
9 
244 1o'A 
9V. 
32' ? T e c h n ic r .4o 
IO 
58o 39' e 
36*4 38*8— 
5 * . T e c h n ic s 
3o 
795 
8 '4 
7*8 
7 *. 
1o*8 T e c h n ic n 
IO 
266 l l 
1o*8 
IO X .— 
'A 
56'? T e k tro n x .6o 
16 
85o 6o 
58' a 59*/.+ 
*8 
6 
T e lc o r n .3o 
5 
234 
67A 6 
6*8— 
Va 
56*8 Teledn 
1.45! 
5 
694 6o 
57V? 58X»— 
V. 
1o2' ? 
92 
T e le dyn p f 6 
8 96 
95 
96 
+ 1 
3*8 
2 '? T e le x l l 
231 
2V. 
2 'a 
2*8+ 
'A 
3 7 '. 
32'e T ennco 
I 88 7 2696 
33'8 3 2 *. 
32*?— 
'n 
138 
121 
Tennc pt5.5o 
2 121 
121 
121 
- 3 
17'? 
13*. Tesoro 
1 
IO 114o W e 
1 3*. 1 3 * 4 - 
*8 
25*8 Tesor pf 2. Id 
29o 26 
25*8 
Z 5 *A - 
'4 
26 
Texaco 
2 
8 6889 27 
26 
267A + 
*8 
34*. TexC om I.IO 
IO 
18o 34X4 
34*4 
34x4— 
'e 
38'4 Tex E st 
I 85 IO 1o37 42 
4o 
4T a + 1*4 
26*. T x E T p f 2 4o 
121 
27*4 27 
27*/.+ 
*? 
3o 
T x E T pf2.87 
79 
3o7s 3oV. 
3 o *.— 
*e 
41*4 Tex GST 
2 
7 
3o9 
43*8 4 T A 
42X.— 
V* 
42 
T xG s p f 1.5o 
I 42' b 
4 2'6 
42'A 

12'? 
39*. 
8 * . 
13 
68’ 2 
6 7e 
7o 

31 

83 
— I 
76'?— 1*4 
29'/.— 
"a 
SVA.......... 
9 
+ 
*8 
12 
— 
Va 
18' A + 
' 8 
36'4— 1*8 
!2 * a + 
'4 
IO '/.— 
'a 
*A 

Yeorly 
High low 
Sales 
Net 
(bds.) High law last Chg. 

3 9 '. 
42 
2 8*. 
31*. 
49 
49 
16'8 
1o2 '. 
11*4 
33 
33*4 
22 

14'? Tex Ind lb 15 
73 15'/. 14V. 
15 
+ 
'A 
8 o 'B Tex Inst 
1.32 2ox 2oo9 8 7 
84 
8 5 '/.+ C e 
8*s Tex In t 
14 
437 9 
8*8 
8*6— 
'4 
25*8 T e x O G s .2o 1ox114o 27 
26 
27 
+ 
'? 
2 8 '. T x P c L d 
35e 21 
55 33*4 32'A 
33V .+ I * . 
19' a T e x U til 
1 4o 9 2147 2o 
W A 
19V .+ 
'? 
3 T A 
28*4 T e x s g lf 
1.2o 15 
384 
3o*. 
29V. 
5 5 '. 
51'? T e x g lf pf 
3 
5*4 
3’A T e x filn d 
27*4 
25 
T e x tro n I 4o 
34' b 
31*4 T e x tr pf2 o8 
25*? 
227s T e x tr pf I 4o 
237a 
W e T h io k o l 
84 

29 V .- 
71 52*4 
5C a 52 
— 
9o 
4'A 
4 
4 'A .. 
8 
821 27 
26'4 
2674+ 
'A 
28 32*8 
31*4 32 
— 
*4 
51o 25 
24*4 
24X4+ 
*4 
6 
4o1 21 
19*4 
2 o * 4 - 
'A 
4o*8 
33 
T hom Bet 
I 16 
4o2 34*4 
33 
34' 4 — 
XA 
12X4 
1o' e Thorn In 
44 
8 
183 1o'A 
1o’A 
IC A — 
'A 
18' ? 
15'a Thom J W .8o 
8 
38 17 
16*4 
16*8— 
Va 
974 
8*a T h rifty 
.48 l l 
221 9 '. 
8*a 
87A — *4 
2o*b 
16*4 T id w tM r 
.6o 7 
248 2o+8 
19*4 
19V.— *4 
13'? 
IO '. T ig e r In t 
5o 7 
352 l l 
IO*/. 
1o*4— *a 
38'a 
33 
T im e ln c 
I 15 IO 
434 34*b 
33 
33'?— 
*2 
23 
TO 
T im e M ir 
8o IO 
1161 21'? 
2o'2 
2 C A + *8 
547a 5o 
T im k n 
2 2o 
9 
162 52'A 
51 
51' a— 
Va 
17*. 
16 
T is h m a n 
24 
186 17' b 
16*4 
17 
+ 
V. 
5' 2 T o b in P 
. 15e . 
8o 
6+A 
8*2 T o dd S hip 
98 
12'A 
24*8 T o lE d is 
2.12 
9x285 
26 
24 
25'4 

*A 

7 
147a 
26 
26'a 
12'a 
7*4 

24' ? TOI Ed pf 2 21 
9 +b T o n k a c p 
48 
6*4 Toot Rot 
4ob 
13+b l l ' b T ra co r 
.2o 

6*4 
6 '? + 
11*8 
12 + 
25 
25 
- 
25 
25'a + 
6 
75 l l 
IO '? 1o*4— 
9 
31 7 
6 * . 
6*4— 
6 
59 11+e 
IC A 11*4— 
156 
34*? 
33*4 
34'? 
37*4 
31'a T ra n e 
I o8 
IO 
. . 
39'a 
34' ? T ra n U n 1 76 9 
217 38'? 36'2 
36*8— 
12'? 
9 '2 T W A 
4 
617 
974 
9’ 2 
97A + 
'4 
19' a 
17 
T W A p f 
2 
24 
18'? 18 
18+?+ 
*? 
15*a 
13*8 T ra n sam 
66 8x2449 14*8 
13*8 
137a+ 
+4 
111 
IOO 
T ra n s pt4.5o . 
2 1o4 
1o4 
1o4 
— 2 
24'a 
22+? T ra n ln c I 92 
51 23'? 
23' a 
23'A— '< 
W e 
17 
T ra n sco 
I 
8 
8o5 18V. 
17 
17+A+ 
V, 
1 T b 
9 * . T ra n sen 
.52 
6 
112 W e 
IO 
IO 
— 
* i 
74'? 
71V. 
T rG P p f 6 65 .. Z1oo 74 
74 
74 
1o7 
1o1 
T rG P p f 1o 32 . Z46o 1o3' ? 1o3'/? 1o3'? 
991? 
91+a 
T rG P p f8 
64 .. z6IO 
97'/. 97 
97 
28'? 
26'a T rG P pf2 5o 
. 
35 
27*8 26+a 
27 
+ 
M l l ' . 
9*4 T ra n O h F 
28 
4 
34o IC A 
W a 
IC A .......... 
23*8 
21 
T ra n w y 1 4o 
7 
359 2TA 
21 
2 1 *8 - 
' i 
37 
3o 
T ra v lrs 1 o8 
9 1o77 3TA 
31'a 
31X8— 
43 
37+8 
T ra v e lr p f2 
22*8 
2o+b 
T riC on 
111 
33'a 
31+2 T riC n pf2.5o 
I'a 
IV . T ri SOM 
IO '? 
9 
T r ia n ln d 
18' a 
14' 1 T ria P a c 52e 
26'b 
17+b T rin ty ln 
.8o 

28 
39 
37*4 
37*4— Ce 
434 
2CA 21*8 
2 T A + 
+8 
5 
33'4 32V. 
33+8+ 
'a 
32 
1*8 
1 + 2 
1*8+ 
*8 
2o 
9*4 
9 '? 
9*8— 
*8 
8o 
17V? 
16*8 
1 6 *8 - 
' a 
363 
23*8 22*4 2 3 'A - 
31's 
26'a T ro p ica n 
5o 18 
239 29*a 
28*8 
29'A— 
*8 
15*s 14 
TucsnG 1.o8 
8 2226 IS' 2 
14+A 15'A— 
Va 
12'A 
97e T wen Cen 
5o 
7 
261 IO' 2 
9+a 
1 o 'A + 
'A 
17’ a 15*4 T w in D s 
.8o 
7 
25 16 
15 V. 
24' ? 17+8 T y c o L a b 
4o 12 
423 2o*a 
19'a 
24 +a 
2o's T y le r Cp 
6o 
7 
361 24 

16 w a ­ ive 
. 
. 
- 
_ 
22*8 
23 
— 
, 
27'? 
2o 
U A L Inc 6o 
25 1659 2o*4 2o 
2o'A— 
Va 
2o'8 
17+b U G IC p 
I 4o 
7 
5o 18*4 W a 
W a — 
3C ? 
287A 
UG I pf 2.75 z187o 
3o*8 29*4 
15'? 
13*4 U M C In d 
I 
9 
149 14*/. 
2*8 
IV . U M E T T r 
133 
W a 
14 
UO P 
39 
31V. U Y Ind 
3 
45' ? 
36'a U V In p f I 26 
22*. 
2o 
U A R C O 1.3o 
13*8 l l 
U n arco 
6o 
33 
28'a U n ilL t 
.76e 
51'8 
47'a U n iN V 3.33e 
13+8 
11*8 U nB ancp 

3o 
13*4 
14*4 + 
'A 
1*8 
1X8 
1*8........... 
35e 
IO 3oo 15'A 
14'A 
14V.— 
*8 
2 5x397 
38*. 
3 4'? 
35+8— 2'A 
43'? 42 
42 
— 3+8 
44 
2o'A 
2o'b 
2o'a— 
Va 
39 
12*8 
12'A 
12'A— 
Xe 
32 
32 
32 
- 1 
5o+8+ 
+A 
12+8 + 
'A 

7 
4 
6 
6 
55 51'. 8 SO 
IO 
322 
12'8 
11*4 
66*8 
57*8 U C am p I 
8o 12 617 
63' e 
61*4 
62 — 
62*8 
56+e U n C a rb 2 8o 
8 374o 
59' a 
56+b 
57 — 2' 
8'4 
7 '. U n C m rce 
2o 155 
6 
U nionC p 
12 1o2 
7X4 
16'? 
42 
47 
53 
31 
87 
93 
S7A 
59' 

6*8 
V a 
6 
8 '? + 
■ 
6 
— 
15 
U nE lec 
1.36 
8 112o 15*8 
15'A 15'A— 
38' ? Un El pf 3. 5o 
Z2o 38*. 
38*4 
38*4— Va 
Z1o 
46 
44' ? Un El p f 
4 
SO 
U nE I pf 4,5o 
29'a U nE I p f 2 72 
83'a U nE I pf 7 44 
87+? UnEI p f 
8 
4 * b U n F id e l 

46 
46 
— I 
ZUO 
5 CA 
51 
5 1 + 1 
42 
29*4 29'A 
2 9 *4 + Va 
52 
87 
86*4 
87 
+ I 
2 
887s 88 
88 
— 7a 
26 
5+e 
4*4 
5 
— Va 
55'e 
55'A— *8 
X4 
52 
+ 
'A 
18'4— 
'A 
9+8 
9*a z25o 
86+4 85 
146 
8X4 
8 * . 
12*8 
IO '/. 
576 
27+8 25'A 
27V« + 
1 
4o3 13 
12* . 
13 
. 
184 
12' 'A 11*8 
11*4— 
1 
IOO 26*8 25+A 
26*? + 
Z197o 
24*8 24 
2 4*8+ *8 
9o 
24 ? 23*8 
23*4— *8 
" 
16 
15'? 
15’/?— 'A 
6 
' 
S'A 
6 
+ 
*8 
12*8 
1 2 * 8 - V. 
1o' e 
1 o 'A - I 
12 
2565 37*. 3 4'? 
3 7 '/.+ 3'A 
3 
2V. 
2V.— 'a 
75 
12*a I IV . 
11V4— 'A 
29 
16*a 15+A 
16*8 + 

26 
13 
4o5 
1o*4 

9%,_ 

8 6+ .+ l'A 
8 * 8 - 
*8 
13 
+ 
’ e 
IC A — 
'A 
*8 

XS 

7 
7 
176 
8x 1o5 
13'A 
532 
IC A 

53*8 UnO Cal 2 2o 
7 1633 56 
7 6 'b 
7o*a UOCa pf2S o 
14 71V. 
71Xe 
71*4— 
55 
48 
U Pac Cp I 7o 
13 1972 52' ? 
51*8 
19*8 
16+e UnPar. p f 47 
9 18V. 
18 
1o's 
9 'a U n iro y a l 
5o 
1 6 1358 
89*? 
82'A U n iry a l pt8 
IO 'a 
8+8 Un B ra n d 
14 + 8 
12’ ? U n B rn d p f A 
C b 
IO 
U nitC p 
,8oe 
3o'? 
25' ? U n E nR s I 72 
13'? l l 
U F in C a l 
4o 
1 4'b 
11*8 U n G rn ty 
27*8 
25*b U lllu m 
2 44 
25'a 
23'a U n lllu pf2 2o 
24'2 
19'a U n itin g 
.7o 
16 
13*8 U n it In pf .42 
6 
4*a U n ifln n .14 
13+s 
12". U J e rB k 1.o4 
13'B 
IO' a U n itM M 
39*8 
31'A U n N u c lr 
4 +b 
2*4 U n P k M n 
. 
18o 
13*8 l l * . U nR efg 
56 
8 
18'8 
I5 ’ e USFoS I 26e 
. 
54+8 
47'a U S F id G 2.76 1ox899 
SU? 49'A 
49*2— IX i 
2 6 'b 
23'a USG ypr, 
1 6o 12 
395 25 
24*8 
2 4*4 + 
>4 
28+8 
26 
USG y p f I 8o 
4 26*4 
26'A 
2 6 '? ............ 
8 'a 
6*a U S H om 
.16 
8 
981 7X. 
7 'A 7 *8 + 
*8 
6 '? U S Ind 
.4o 
9 
943 7 
6*4 6V4.............. 
9*8 
U S Leasg .32 
5 
268 
1o*8 IO 
1o+8............ 
4 
2*8 U S R ty 
8o 
3V. 3*A 
3 * 8 - 
'A 
27 
22'a USShoe I 2o 
7 
288 24'/. 
23*8 23*8— 
' ? 
SO 43 + 8 USSteel 
2.2o 
9 1889 46'/. 
45'A 46V .+ 
*8 
29*8 
24*. U S Tobc 
I 4o 12 
84 27' 2 
27 
2 7 '? + 
*8 
39 
34Ve U n T e ch 
I 2o 
7 256o 35*8 
34'A 
34*A............ 

174 
155' a 
U n tc h p f 
8 
139 16o 
156 
1 5 9 '.+ 1*4 
121*. 112+A U nTch pt7.32 
9114V. 113 
113 
— I 
W e 
W a 
U niT e l 
I 
2o 9 2589 19 
18*8 
19 
+ 
’ 2 
2V.15 16 
U n iT e l w t 
. 
2oo1 2 '8 
1*8 
2 * 8 + 
*8 
29 
26*8 
Uni TI pf I 5o . 
7 28'4 
2 7*. 
2 8 * .+ 
*8 
24'? 
22*. 
U ni TI 2pf 1.5o 
89 23'A 
22*4 
23+? + 
7+e 
6*8 
U n itro d 
IO 
9 
1o5 
7*8 
7 *. 
7*8 + l l 
9 
U n iv a r 
.56 
6 
99 IO'? 
IO 
1 o 'S - 
22*8 
19 + s 
U n iv F d s 
1 8 
82 21 
2o'? 
2o*4 + 
33+e 
29'e U n Le a f 
1 88 
8x163 33 
32+b 
32+b + 
38 + s 
34 
U p jo h n 1.o813x1o21 35*8 3 4'? 
34+/»— 
18' 8 
14*. U S L IF E 
4o 
6 
797 15’A 
14*4 
15 
- 
12'? l l ' e 
U s life F 
.9 6 .. 12o 12+8 
11*8 
12+8 + 
45*b 
3 9 'b U ta h P L 3.12 8 1186 *o+8 
39*8 
4 o*.— 
3 4 'b ' 31*8 U1PL p f 2 8o 
— 68 32+. 
31*8 
32 v-w-x 

22’ 8 
18*» V F C p 
I. IO 
9 
178 
2o' 8 19'2 
2o 
+ 
2Ca 
17' 1 VS I C orp 
8o 7 
98 
21+A 2o'2 
2 1 '/.+ 
67b 
7 
■ V a lle y In 
4o 13 
511 
I * . V a 
8*b + 
19*« 
14*. V a ria n 
.28 12 658 
8+a 
7'a V a ro ln c 
2o 
4 36o 
5+8 
4 7b Vee do 
92 
4 'b 
3*8 V enice 
2o 13 
35 
147e 
14' b VestSe 
1.31e 
23 
15V. 
V etco 
2oe 

17+8 
8’ b 
5 *. 

15*8 ll* - . 
15*8 
14 
48' ? 
46 
49 
45 
57 
53 
6o 
55' 

16'A 
16+8 
7*4 . 8 '/.+ 
5 
5+8 + 
3X/. 
4 
X85 
14*8 
14+8 
14V. 
547 
17*. 
16 
17*8 + 
9 '? V ia co m 
13 
684 13+8 
12'? 13 
— 
7 
V ic to r C 
.2o 12 
273 l l 
1o+A l l 
V a E P w I 24 
8 2246 
14'? 14 
14* b + 'A z24o 47 
47 
47 
+ 1 z IOO 
47V? 47*2 
47+2+ *4 
Z2o 
54+A 54+8 54+A+ 
+A 
ZUO 56 
56 
56 
+ 
*4 
Z1o4o 1o1 
98+2 1o1 
+ 1*8 
Z7oo 1o4 
1o2*/. 1o2*/.— l'A 
1o3 
3 CA 3o'? 3o*8— 
'A 
Z25o 87 
87 
87 
— 
IV . 
Z35o 
79 
79 
79 
........... 
Z79o 83 
8C A 82 
— 
V. 
9 
5o 
S'A 5 
5 + 8 - Va 
8 
84 
25+A 24',? 25*4 + 
IV . 
I IOO 
5o 
5o 
5o 
............. 
9 
141 
17*4 17*8 
17*8+ ’ a 
IS 48 
47X 
6o 
4+8 
4 

V a E P pf4.o4 
V a E P p f4 12 
V a E P p f4 8o 
V a E P p f 
5 
IOC? 
97' J V a E P p ts 84 
1o8*a 1 o 2 '. V a E P p f? 75 
3 l*a 
3o’ a V a E P p f2 9o 
89 
85 V aE p fJ 7 72 
82'? 
79 V a E P p f7 2o 
85’ ? 
8C a V a E P pf7 45 
6*8 
5 V o rna do 
27*8 
24'a V u lc n M 1.1o 
56 
49'? W abR p f4 5o 
21 
17 
W achov a 
54 
56*4 
47’ 2 W ach pf2.2o 
4 '? 
4 W a ch R ty 
48 
— IM 
, 
4 
— 
' I 
15*8 
13+e W alAAarf 
IO l l 
286 14 
13+? 13*A— 
V 
17+8 
147b W a lq rn 
1.1o 
7 
126 15Va 
14+s 15* b— 
*8 
287b 
25*a W lk rA 1.4oa 
8 
62 27V. 
27*8 27*a - 
2 1 'b 
18' a W a ll Bus 
66 
8 
15 18*4 
18'/. 18' . - 
26’ fl 
2o’ ? W a ll M u 1.2o 
4 
69 25'? 
24*8 24*8 + 
3 9 'b 
3 3 's W a lt J im 
1.2o 8 
498 
35 
33*4 
33*4— l'e 
12’ ? l l ' ? W a lt J p f 
I .. z55o 
IT A 
19o 
38 
49 
6 *. 
34o 
9 '2 

IC ? 
IC A — 
37'A 
3 7'/.— 
6 
— 
9 'A — 
5+A 
8*8 
3 
21*8 
21'? 
21'A— 
76 
3o+8 
3o’ ? 
3 o'? + 
541 
28*8 
27V. 
27+a . 

42*b 
36'a 
W a lt J pf I 6o 
6*8 
5 
W a rd F d 
47t 
. 
9*4 
6' 2 W a rn a c o 
22 
17V. W rn c p f. I 5o . 
31*4 
28' ? 
W a rn s 
I 2o l l 
29*. 
26+a W m C o m 
8o 
7 
1o+A 
9 * b W rne rC o 
.6o 
IO x69 IO 
9v* 
9' 
31*4 
25+8 W a rn e r L 
I 13 2973 
27+8 
25+A 26*A— 
23's 
21 
W ashGs 2 o8 
8 
2o3 23*8 
21 
2o*4 
16*4 W a sh N at 
8o 
6 
95 17 
16*4 
35 
33*» W asN pt2.5o 
26 34 
33*4 
22+4 
18' ? W ash St I 
1 
7 
76 22 
21'A 
25*8 
2o' ? 
Was W at I 76 
7 
15o 22'2 
22 
15 
12 
W a ste M 
2o 
12 
571 14*8 
13* 
18'a W a tk in J 
.32 
15 586 
23 
6+4 W ayG os 
48 
IO 
46 
6*8 
18 
W ayG pf I 6o 
4*8 W eanU n 
o5e 9 
15 
Wea p f 2 2ok 
.. 
8*4 W e a th rd 
5o 
6 
W e b b D e l 
15 

13 
19 
56 
6*8 
12 
15 
44 
9*8 
714 
9*4 

*A 
23*8 + 2+e 
16+ e- 
'A 
34 
+ 
V 
21'A— 
V 
22'A— 
V 
1 4'A ......... 
21*8 
23 
4 
IX b 
6X8 
6+ 
18'? 
19 
+ 
*8 
6*A+ 
15 
9V4+ 
*8 
9M 

6V. 
15 
9 
8*-. 

24'? 
7*4 
19' 2 
6*4 
18'e 
1o+8 
1o*4 
27'? 
2 4 *. W e is M k t 
.82 
9 
36 26 
25'2 
25*4+ 
'? 
28 + 8 
26 
Wei Is Fa 
I 12 
9 
5o7 27'A 
26*8 27+8 + l l * . 
9' 
2 W e llF M 
,54e 16 
113 IC A 
IO' 
54 
W fP P p f4 5o 
Z 35o 
56 
. .. 
? 
36 

8 
14 
26*4 
8 
3oo 
8*2 
7 
614 28 
6 
196 
16 

57 
41 
27' 2 
1o*8 

34 
W I P l Pe 2 4o 
26'a W s tc lT r 194 
8 
W n A irL 
4oa 
3o’ ? 
26' ? W n B nc 
1.5o 
18*4 
14’ 8 W n N o A 
4ob 
18+e 
14 
W n P a c ln 
19 
17 
W n P ub l 
88 
TO' 2 
17*» W U nion I 4o 
53' ? 
5o' i W nU n pf 4 6o 
57’ a 
54 
W nU n p f4 9o 
12’ 2 
12*8 W nU n d e p p f 
65 
61' ? W U TI p f 
6 
27+4 
25 + s W U TI p f2 56 
18*4 
16'a W estgE I 
* " 
IV . 13 16 W e s tm o r 

IC A — 
'A 
55V. 
56 
+ 
* . 
36 
+ CA 
2 6 '? + 
'4 
8* 4 — 
'A 

Yeorly 

34 
26+. 
B's 
26*8 
2 7 '/.+ 
15 
15X4— 
6 
413 17+A 
16*8 17*8 + 
7 
194 18'4 
17*8 
17+A— 
* b 
8 
533 18*8 
17*8 17*8— 
'a 
7 51 
5o'2 5o*2— 
Va 
2 54' ? 
54 
54 
— 
1 
173 
12'A 
12*8 
12*8 
8 62+? 
62*4 62'A — 
'A 
77 
26'A 
25+a 
26 
........... 
97 
711o96 
18*4 
16V. 
18*8+ C e 
11o 
I 
13 1615 16 + 

W h e elF 
.72 12 
584 
26+A 
25' 2 
2 6 *'.+ IM 
W h e e l P it 
33o 
35 
17 
16*a 
16+2— 
+ 

32*8 
26 
W stva co I IO 
9 
498 32’ a 
31*8 
32 
— 
23'? 
2o'a W e yb rg 1 36 
5 
18 21'? 
2o*4 
21+? + 
46'? 
38’ s W e y e rh r .8o 
17 4182 4o'e 
38*a 
3 9 'a — 
64' 1 
54 + 2 W e yr pf 2 8o 
245 56*8 
56 
56V4- 
26+8 
24 
............. 

62 
6o 
W h e lP it p f 6 
. z25o 61’ ? 
6o'a 
6 o'a + 
53 
5o 
W het P it pf 5 z9o 51 
5o+. 
5o+4— 
27'? 
23*a W h irl pol 
I l l 
993 24*4 
23*8 
24 
— 
27 
23*8 W h itC o n I IO 
6 12o5 26*. 
25+? 
2 6'? + 
41'? 
38'a W h ite p f A3 
. 
I 
41V 
................. 
39*8 
37*8 W h ite pfC 3 
21 
8*e 
6'a W h ite M t 
4 
47o 
27+a 
21’ 8 W h itin g 
I 5o 7 x79 
27>4 
26*8 2 7 '/.+ 
6*8 
5+8 W h itta k r 
8 
4o4 
5*4 
5+s 
5*a 
14+a 
13 
W ickes 
72b 
8 443 
IO 
6' ? W iebdtS t .32 
8 
59 
26’ s 
22+A W illia m s 
1 1o 2258 
24+a 
22+a 
23Vs— CA 
9*8 
6' 1 W ils h rO 
.12 
9 
231 
8'A 
7*4 
7+a+ 'a 
4o 
W inn D x 1.56 
13 
178 
56' ? W inn D ix B 
9 
4 * . W inn bg o 
19 1388 

41*4 
41*4. 
39*8 
39 
39'A + 
7*8 
7'A 
7*8 + 

13*8 
13 
7'/2 
13+8— 
IV-. 

45+2 
6o' a 
6+A 
19'1 

41*8 
41+b 
41+2. 
57 
S'A 
56+2 
5 6 '. 
4 Va 
5 
5 x53 
15'a 
15'a 
15*8- 

Z9o 
95'a 
8o 
2o'A 
95'4 
95+4— 
19*4 
2 o '/.+ 
28*8 28*8 
28*8 + 
181 
2o+a 
19*4 
2o*4 + 
151 
19*8 
19*. 
19*8— 
Va 

I 
78 
5x 134 
13 i 'b 
IC A 
7*8 

78 
13 
+ 
+A 
4 + e — 
’ A 
1o+/8— 
'A 
7'A + 

8 * . 
12*8 

11+8 
2*8 
58*. 
24*8 
15+8 X tra 

78 
12*8 
4 + 8 
1o*4 
6+a 
23*8 
2 1*. 
2 2'? + 
25+A + 
37 
+ 
S le­ 

 w s 
IO *. 
I I 
1*8 
1*8 
V a . 

14' 1 W in te r J .8oa 
3 2 *. 
27*. W ise E P 
2 
9 97o 
28+a 
27*4 
28*8— 
'A 
97'? 
93 
W isE p f 7.75 
21*a 
19*8 W tsG as 1.7o 
2 9*. 
28 
W isG p f 2.55 
22*8 
19+2 W iS cP L 
I 6o 
21*. 
1 8*. W ise PS 
I 46 
33*8 
28 
W itc o 
1 4o 
8 
291 
32*8 
3o*8 31V. 
79 
71 
W itc o p f2 65 
15*4 
12*e W ittrD 
.6o 
5 'b 
4 
W o lv rW .12 5x115 
12*. 
IO *. W o m e tco 
48 
6 137 
I 
8 + e 
6' 1 W ood Cp 
4o 
5 1 23 
29+? 
19' i 
W ood P et 3o 1 2 221 
I 26*4 
24*8 W o lw th 
1.4o 7 1769 
257« 25 
39+7 
36 
W o lw p f 2 2o 
19 
37'2 36+4 
6 
4 'a W o rid A ir 
24 
118 
5*8 
5'A 
SC ? 
7o*8 W rig ly 2 4oa 
IO 
138 
8C ? 
79*2 81*8 + 1*8 
9' i 
9 'a W u rltz e r n 4o 
6 
63 
9'2 
9*4 
9*s 
9 * b W y la in 
.6o IO 251 
1*8 W y ly C p 
939 
46'a X erox 
1.2o l l 533o 
48'a 
46+A 
48+4+ I 
OBe 
7 
363 
19+A 
18*4 
19+?— 
1 

Y - Z — 

High 
13' ? 
18’ a 
IO* a 
IC ? 
1+8 
17*. 
8’ b 
5 Va 
6+8 
9+8 
3*4 
17'4 
1*8 
19+8 
52 
3o*8 
7’ 8 
17+'a 
2'A 
IC ? 
6' 2 
7 
7'a 
6*8 
5 '4 
16*4 
IO 
2 '? 
21+? 
7*8 
12'a 
2 
6+? 
1o*8 
1o+8 
3+A 
16’ a 
13*» 
5*8 
3 '8 
6' a 
6'8 
4 'a 
2 
2’ ? 

Sales 
(bds ) High Lew last Chg. 
*4 x66 
13’ A 
12+. 
12*4+ 
% 

 ta w 

 l l ' « D o w n y 37e 
16'a Dr e l U t! 1.32 
17 17's 
8' i D riv H a rr l l IQ *. 
Kl 
O rq F a ir 
4(lb 
4 
44 l l 
I * * D u n lo p o6e 
5 
23113 16 
13*. D u p lx P d 
I 
6 
76 17 
6*8 D u rT s t 
3ob 
8 125 
7 
3 7’s D v n lc tn 
o6 
13 333 
4+A 
5 
D y n A m 
J 
853 
5*8 
5+8 D y n e llE I 
26 
57 
7»A 
2*8 E AC 
In 
6 
53 
3*4 
16'? E D G ln c 25c 
IO 
16'? 
16'? 
16'A 
C b E agleC 
1o1 
C ? 
IV . 
VA 
17 
E a rth R e s 
I 
IO 279 ig 
41*8 E asonO 
7ob 
17 
77 57 
73+4 E s trn C 
I 6o 
9 
73 79 
5 
E a z o rE 
24 
5 
3 
5+/„ 
. „ 
1o*4 E cod yn 
1oe 
IO 52o 17+A 
14*8 

San Antonio EXPR 

16+ 
9Xa 

16*. 
6*8 
4'? 
5 
7 
3 

16+A + 
IO *. + 
Va 
1o*8 
1 o * 8 - 
*8 
P a 
1 * 4 - 1 1 6 
16+A— 
'8 
6 * 4 - v . 
4*8 
. . . . 
5*8 f- 
*8 
7'a .......... 
3’A 4 
'8 

17*4 
17*8 
5o 
5 T a t 
28'? 
28' a— 
5+A 
5+8 

2 
E d m o s 
56 
2 '? 
9*4 E D O lOe 
7 
21 I C . 
5 
E g a o M 
.4o 
6 
9 
5V. 
4*4 E h re n P 
2oa 
6 x53 
5* b 
5+4 E lc o rC p 
.12 
6 
83 
5+8 
4' ? El Hose 
18 
4*8 
3' a E 'A u d D 
T it 
7 
41 
414 
13+s E le c tro g 
I 
6 
15 14*4 
7*8 E lse E ng ,28 
6 
31 
8*4 
I '? E le c tR e s 
3 
1*8 
17'e E lf* A m 
1.2o 
4+s E n g y R s 
9 
1o 
E rn s ! EC .64 
5 
88 
I IV , 
P a E ro Ind 
IS 
42 
1V. 
4+8 E s p e y M f 
5 
32 
5 
8+a E sq R a d 
39e 
4 
11 
S'A 
7 'a Essex Ch .4o 
7 
278 
1o*8 
T a E tz L a v 
138 
IO 
2 *. 
11 
E van A r ,2or IO 
22 
13'? 
8 'a E xec in d 
3 
852 
IO 
4+4 E x e c u tn .271 12 
21 
4'? 
2+? F D I In c 
Ole IO 
35 
3+A F P A C orp 
I 
4 * . Fab In a 
.25e 
4 
55 
2+4 F a bien 
,o5j 19 
2 
C a F a irT e x 
. 
17 
1+8 F a ir!N o b 
38 
45+8 
34*8 F a lc o n s 
I 
IO 633 44V. 
6+* 
5 ' b F a m D o lr 
2o 
6 
32 
6+a 
2 
F a m lR e c 
15e 
4 
I 
9 ’ b F a n n y F 
5oe 
6 
I 
F a s h F a b 
83 
V A 
8*8 F a y D g n 
IO 
766 
9+a 
13'A F e d M a rt 
6o 
4 
13 13*4 
13'a F e d R lty I 24 
13 
29 14’ ? 
4*8 FedR es 
22o4 
6'8 
16'-i F e lm n t 
2oe 18 x74 

2’ . 
IV A 
5 
4 * . 
5’ a 
4' 2 
3 * . 
14’ a 
8*8 
1*8 

15'A— IV . 
2*8 + 
IV A — 
5 — 
5 
5*8— 
. 4’A— 
3 v .— 
14’/ . — 
8*4 + 
1*8 + 
8 X 42 , 2o+? 
19'A 
19'a — 
59 
6+8 
5*8 
5+8 + 
1o+A 
I V a + 
1*4 
IV . . 
4+8 
8 
5 
8+4— 
9+8 
1o*8— 
2*8 
2 *4 .. 
13'4— 
9*4— 

2+8 
I V . 
Ca 
IO '. 
14*. 
15'a 
6+8 
21*8 
1o*8 
CA 
3 
2 'a 
11*8 l l 
1o + 8 
7 + 8 
C s 
4’ a 
11+8 
? 's 
15'a 
17*4 
1*8 
5'a 
15’ a 
1 
5 
4' a 
5+8 
2o 
17+8 
24'a 
6*4 
13*4 
8’ ? 
9o 
9+a 
3' A 
IC ? 
4 
9 *a 
22'a 
5+A 
2 + 8 
9*8 
8+8 
7 's 
3'A 
32 

2*8 
5*8 
6 '8 
2+8 
I ’ a 
2M 

2+4 

13 
8 '8 
4+a 
2’ ? 
5*8 
5*8 
2+8 
1*8 
2’ a 

4*A— 
2 *8 - 
5 * 8 - 
6+8 4 
?+'(— 
1*4. . 
2+1 
42’ I 
43 
— 
+8 
6 
— 
2+/. 
IO 
IC A 
1o'? 
IO'? 
I 
8*» 

18+4 
9+4 
1+4 
2*8 
1*8 
1o+8 

13*8 
1 3 * 8 - 
14+8 
14*8 
5*a 
6'A 4 
17' ? 
17XA— 
9+4 + 
9M 
Ca 
2’ ? 
I"? 
9 ' a 

C l 
2'/»— 
1*8 
9*4 4 
IO’ ? 
1o+2— 
9+A 
IO1 .' • 
7 * 4 - 

7+a F e ls w a y 
.36 5 l l 
+A F ib re b rd w t 
15 
2’ a F id e lc o 
33 
1*8 F ilm C p A 
. 
31 
7+4 F itm w y 
o5r 8 929 
8+a F in G en 
4o 6 
17o l l 
8*8 F in G n A 
4o 
7o 
1o+A 
6 ’ 2 F t Conn 
5o l l 
2 
7*s 
+s F s t H a r tfd 
115 1615 1615 16. 
3+. F s tH rt pf.5o 
27 
4'8 
9*8 FstS LS h 
15 
4o 
1o+? 
VA F s tm rk 
35 
2'A 
1 3 '. F is c h rP 
4Rf 6 
HO 15+. 
16'a F itc h b G 
I 44 8 
6 
16'A 
I '8 F la g g 
31 
1+4 iv . 
3 ’ a F la g s ta ff .12 
6 
1o2 
4 '? 
4 
11*8 F lig h t St 
o9e 9 
83 12*8 
11*8 
*8 F lo ck 
8 
+8 
. 
*a 
4'A F la C a p 
5 
18 
4'A 
3 'a F la R c k 
15 
56 
4 
3*8 F to w G e n 
8 
4o5 
5+A 
15' 2 F lo w e rs 
6o 7 
46 19V? 
15 
F lu k e J 
.731 IO 

1o+4 
2 

4 
1oM 
2 
14*8 
14*4. 
. 
16+. 
16+? + 
H A — 
4 
— 
12 
— 

158 
16+- 
219 
24 
37 
6*4 
89 
13'4 
15 
7+8 

2o*b F ly D ia O 
5' ? F o o d rm 
IO 
9' ? Foodw s 
2oa 
7+. F o o te M 
25e 
85 
F ord Can 
5a 
6z242o 
87 
7+b F o re stC 
o5e 
8 
24 
8 
2 's F o re s lL a b 
7 
26 
7 'x F o xS ta P 
SO 
9 
36 
8 
3 'a F ra n k ln R * 
33 
3+8 
8 
F ra n k N u 
36 
5 l l 
8+a 
16'? F re s n illo 
4o 
51 
43 21'? 
4+s 
F rie d m 
28b 6 x 3o 
5+A 
1*8 F rie n d F r 
17 
4 
2?. 
7*4 F rig tm p 
55t 
6 275 
8+2 
6 * . 
F ris c h s 
3ob 9 x l6 
7*8 
6 
F ro n * A ir 
191 
4 
65 
6' b 
2*e 
F ro n t A ir w t 
IS 
2' a 
2 8*. 
F ro n tr A ir pf 
I 

4+a 
4*8— 
+ 
3 * . 
4 
+• 
+ 
5+8 
5 *8 + 
I 
19'8 
19’ 8 - 
+ 
15’ a 
15V.— I 
22’ ? 
22’ A - I ’ 
6’ ? 
6 * . I 
+ 
1 2 'A - 1 + 
7+?......... 
I* 

3+8 

12' a 
7*a 
86'? 
87 
7 * . 
7+A 
3 
7 *. 
3 * . 
8 * . 
2o 
5*8 
2 '? 
8 
7' a 
6 
2*8 

3 'a 
8 
3 + 8 - 
'A 
8*4 - 
+. 
2o’ a— C ? 
5 ’ A - 
Va 
2 'A - 
+8 
*A 
*8 
'A 
7*8 - 
6 
— 
2’ a — 
28*. 
28*. 
28*4— 2’4 

2*8 
3+A 
1*8 
2 's 
13' B 
5+4 
IC A 
3 
4 7b ll+ 8 
5’ b 

G H I 
Ca G I I 
Ind 
" 
2 ’ ? G R I C p 
22o 
I 
GSC E n 
,42c 
8 
41 
13 

1*8 
2*4 
IV . 
27 
J 
23 
13+4 
28 
4+8 
38 
1o*» 
224 
2*e 

1*8 
2’A 
1+8 t a 

1*8 
2+2- 
1+8- 
2 
12*8 
12*4- 
4*4 
4+A 

V A 

IV . G T I 
12'a G a b rie l 
,4o 6 
4*a G a la x y 
6 
9 
G a ra n 
6o 5 
2 
G a r c ia 
3'a G a rla n d 
4 
8*8 G a te s L rje * 
3 
3+s G a y lo rd 
,15e 4 
P a l l 16 G a y n o r 
2+a 
1*4 G n E m p ,19r 
14' ? 
5+A G en E x p 
2*a 
P a G n H o u s 
CA13 16 G n R e c re 
3*8 
2 
G enge 
6 
£ iv . iv . G e n i SCO 
9 
73 
6*8 
5 'a G e n o v D r 
6 
35 
2 '/. 
P e Geon Ind 
186 
9 
4’ e G e rb e r 
7 
67 
18’ e 
16*8 G ia n tF d 
1a 
5 
21 
8 ’ b 
6 'a G 'a n fY e l 
211 
7+A 
7*8 
7' ?— 
5 '. 
3 * b G la s ro c k 
31 
5' a 
5 
5 
33'a G la tfltr 
I SO 6 
35 
37+A 
36'? 
37+a + P a 
4*8 G le nG e r 
.16 1o8 
31 
5*8 
5*8 
5*8 
11*8 GI en D is 
.44t 
7 119 
15*8 
14’ s 
15+8+ 
*4 

3+2 
9 '? 
4*8 
P a 
2+8 
25 1o37 
14' b 
3 
194 
2 V 

9+8 
2+8 
3 '/. 
9 
3+A 
IV . 
2 
12*8 
2 
8615 1613 1615 16 + 
2+s 
2'A 
2+e 
IV . 
5*8 
P a 
7 'a 

P a 
5*8 
1*8 
8 ' a 
17 
7+A 
5 'A 

9+A— 
2 '/., 
3 '? + 
9 
— 
4+. 
. 
1 + .+ 
2 
14 
+ 
2*4 

IM 
5 * 8 - 
1*8. 
7*8 — 
16*8 
16*4 + 

6’ j 
17 
19*. 
ITM 
15*8 G lo be tn 
7o 
6 
9*8 G losser 
32 
5 
14*8 
I P . G lo u c s tE 
4 
3*8 
3 
G lo v e r 
1oe 
3*4 G ld b la tf 
28 IO 
4 * 8 
13*8 
13 
I ' J 
2*8 
8 '8 
41 J 

IO 
G oldnC yc 
9 'a G o ld n w 
.45 
*8 G o ld fie ld 
1+A G oodLS .o7r 
6'a G oo d rich w t 
4+a G o rin S t Toe 

ISO 
1838 
4 
212 
14 

27 
19 +4 
13 
9+8 
44 
12'a 
IO 
3+A 
32 
3+A 
46 
12 
12+8 

19 
9*8 
19 
9*a— 
11*4 ll* / . 
3 
3 

IM 
1+A 
7 *. 
4*8 

3 '. 
IC A 
12 
I 
1+A 
7 '/. 
4M 

3*4— 
'A 
11+ 2— 
*8 
12+4 + 
'A 
I 
— 
'A t a ........... 
7+2........... 
41/.— 
2 3 'b 
19' 2 G o rm R ,9oa 
8 l l 
2o*8 
19+4 
19+4— 
H 
5+2 
3 'a 
G o u ld lT ,24e 32 
49 
5 '? 
4+A 
5V?+ 
*4 
8 '? 
6 
G ra n d A u 
3o 
5 
31 
6 'a 
6 
6 '/.— 
'A 
8’ . 
7+8 G rn d C tl 
3o 
5 
25 
7*8 
7+8 
7+8— 
+8 
6+8 
5*8 G tA m ln d 
4 
52 
6+8 
5X4 
5+4— 
'4 
7+A 
5+a G tB a s in P 
35 1251 
6’ ? 
6 
6 '4 — 
'A 
37 + s 
31*8 G tL k C h 
28 
14x13o 
37*8 
36*8 
3 6 '? - 
Va 
4+8 
3'A G re en m n 
4 
38 
3 H 
3 + 8 
3>4. . 
6 
5'a 
G re e rH y .12 
5 
I 
SH 
5*4 
5 H - 
' 8 
7*8 
6 
GR E IT 
.4o IO 
24 
6+4 
6+4 
6 '/.. . 
15+A 
13*8 G ross Tic 
I 
8 
27 
15'? 
15 
15'A— 
’ +8 
1o*8 
8+? G ua rd C 
.5o 
8 
15 
V t 
9+4 
9 + .— 
Va 
5*8 
4 * b G u ilfo rd 
.2o 
4 
31 
5 
4+8 
4+4— 
*8 
28'a 
24 V4 G lfO C an 
I o8 
8 
8o 
78'a 
27+b 
27+4 f 
*4 
IO’ ? 
9*4 G it R e p F n 
4 
23 
IO 
9*4 
9*4. 
6 + o 
5 'a 
G u lfs lr m 
12 
5 'a 
5+4 
S H ­ 
'A 
? 
*-. H alcn Pd 
8 
736 
7 
I 
IV . V 
*4 
14>. 
17' ? H a lls M o t 
7J 
5 
55 
13*8 
13'A 
13 + 2. 
7 
3+a H a m p D 
15e 
13 
37 
7 
6+A 
6+4— 
'Va 
6' a 
4 H H a m p tn 
3 
2o 
5+8 
5 'a 
5 + 4 ... 
13*8 
H H 
H a n n frd 
.77 
5 
16 
12*4 
12+8 
12VA— 
+8 
1o*4 
IO'e H a nvrS h 
6o 
5 
IO io u 
1o*8 io n +- 
'A 
S '. 
4 
H a n S q R t 
33 
4*4 
4 
4 H + 
*4 
21 
18*8 H a rla n d 
6o IO 
181 
19+. 
19 
19'/.— 
'A 
5*8 
4 
H a rttd Z d 
1o9 
4*4 
4 
B H V 
' A 
13+A l l ' 2 H a rtz M 
.3o 
IO 
45o 
12'A 
I I H 
11*4— 
*4 
I ’ a 11 16 H a rv e y 
5 
2oo 
'A l l 16 ag— 
16 
9 ’ A 
7+? 
H a s b ro 
7o 
4 
*53 
8*4 
7+4 
8 H F 
Va 
IC 2 
9’ 8 H a s tin g .4oa 
I 
48 
9*4 
9'A 
9 H - 
'4 
4' 7 
3*4 H a w a iA ,1or 
3 
45 
4'/. 
4 
4 
— 
Va 
9’ 2 
6*4 H eal th Ch l l 
62 
8 '4 
7*8 
7+/»— 
Va 
7+e 
6' 8 H e a lttiM .3o 
5 
39 
7*4 
7 V. 
7 + 2 . 
2+4 
I J . H e in ic k 
1oe 
8 
7o 
2 
IV . 
1 + 4 - 
Va 
2 
1+2 
2 + 8 
H e itm M tg 
78 
1*4 
1 + 2 
1+2— 
Va 
4 
H iG ln c 
38 
12 
3 * . 
3 H 
3*4— 
+8 
5’ A 
4*8 
H ig h la n d 
3 
5*8 
S H 
5*4 
8 
S + 8 H illh a v n 
32 
5 
IO 
6 'a 
6 ". 
6'/. 
7*8 
5*4 H ip trm c 
2o 15 
1o5 
6*4 
5*4 
6 
- 
Va 
J ' " 
2'a 
H o fm a n 
5 
64 
3 
2 H 
2 * 4 - 
1,. 
29*8 
77 
H o ln g A 
1.8o to 
7 
79' ? 
28U 
2 9 + ? - 
'a 
7 
4 *4 H o i ly C p 
H o m e O A .75 
8 
269 
5+4 
5 
5 
- 
's 
3o 
26’ a 
8 
17 
78 
26' 2 
28 f 
V. 
267 a 
23'a 
H o m e O B .75 
7 
I 
25 
25 
25 
V c . 
28'a 
23 
H o rn ie l 
1.12 
6 
26 
24+e 
23+A 
24 H F 
V. 
T U 
4*8 H o rn H a r 
61 
5 
4*8 
4+e— 
' 8 
8 >4 
6*a H ospM 
6oe 
28 
41 
8 'a 
8’ . 
8 H F 
+8 
13*8 
12’ ? H o te l In 1.37e 
12 
16 
12+A 
12+7 
12+2— 
H 
S' 8 
4 'a 
H ousR on 
3o 
5 
18 
4*4 
4*8 
4*4— 
+8 
5' e 
4' 8 H ouseV i 
.32 13 
13 
4V. 
4' 2 
4V. f 
*8 
9*8 
7 ’ ? H o s M ln n 
2o 
29 
7X4 
T U 
7 H 
6o7b 
42*8 H o u O ilM .8o 
22 2411 
47+2 
45*8 
4 6 + .+ 
Vt 
19'a 
14*8 H ow elC 
.4o 
9 
55 
15+2 
U H 
U U — 
I 
5 
3+b H o w e ll 
15e 
3 
17 
4+. 
4 
4+4 + 
+8 
36*8 
33+b H ubei IA I 5o 
IO 
IO 
36*4 
35+8 
35+4 + 
*4 
36*8 
33+? H ubei IB I 5o 
IO 
92 
36*8 
35*. 
36+a + 
*4 
53*b 
5o'a 
H ub pf A1.75 
14 
53*4 
53 
5 3 H + 
2 H 
4’ a 
4 
H u e k M fg 
2o 
8 
12 
4'? 
4+4 
4' ?. . 
57a 
4+4 HudsoG n 
41 
5+4 
5+8 
5X4 + 
'*4 
37+a 
31’ ? Hud BO 
152 
8 
62 
32+8 
32'a 
3 2H + 
H 
13** 
11’? 
H u ffm a n .5o 
4 
91 
12+2 
11+A 
UVA— 
Va 
4 
3+a H u n tH lt ,15e 
5 
33 
3'4 
3 H 
3*4 + 
V. 
25’ a 
18 + b H u skyO 
.8o 
8 
6o7 
23' i 
22’ ? 
2 3 H + v . 
4*8 
3 '; 
H y c e lln c 
IC HCp 
32t 
7 
135 
4 
3*4 
3+A — 
14 
4*8 
3'? 
5 
2 
4 
4 
4 
+ 
’A 
6' ? 
4 ’ 2 IC M R 
339 
5 
4+2 
5 
+ 
+8 
7+A 
6 '8 IM C M g 
2o 
6 
28 
7+e 
6*8 
6 H - 
H 
3+4 
7 
IS C F in l 
1o6 H I 
JVA 
J 
2'A + 
+8 
I 
*4 
IT ICP 
39 
'A 
*8 
H — 
Va 
6'a 
5*8 Im p Ch 
,3oe 
6 
6 
6 
6 
6 l'A 
3 
C e Im p G r p 
o7e 
2 
Im p e rln d 
23*. 
2o' 1 Im p O ilA .86 IO 
513 
22 

2215 1613 1615 16 
8 
2*8 
2*8 
2*8 
2o*8 
21V. + 
T a 
2 
+ 
13 
47*. 
IV . 
1*8 
6+A 

IO 
2 
32 
14 V. 
Z18o 
5o 
52 
I *8 
V a 
6+8 

13 
16*8 
15 
14*. 
8*8 
28 
16 

IO '8 Y ate s 
7 
857 13 
11*8 J 2 V . + 
14'2 ZaleC p 
88 
6 
271 
15' ? 14'? 
15' . + 
13 
Z a le p f A 
8o 
3 
13'2 13'4 
13*. 
IO 
Za pa ta 
3ob 3 
1264 
IC ? IO 
7 
Z a y re C p 
4 
331 8*8 
7+A 
23 
Z enith R 
I 12 
742 
25+. 
24 
13 
Z u r n ln d 48 9x183 
14*o 
13+a 

 v . 
IO *.— 
8 
+ 
24*8— 
1 3 + A - 

W E E K L Y N Y STOCK SALES 
T o ta l fo r w eek 
86,11o,ooo 
W eek ago 
....................................................................... 92,26o.ooo 
Y e a r ago 
....................................................................... 86,538,45o 
Tw o y e a rs ago ..................................................................... 74,399,79o 
Jan I. to d a te 
1,351,8oo,ooo 
1976 lo d a te ........................................ 
1,736,573,459 
1975 to d a t e ..................................................................... 1,335,565,48o 

2*8 
C b In a rc o 
14+8 
12'a In c o trm 
13 
5o 
47 
In P L p f 
4 . 
I ' ? 
C b I n flig h tS v 
. 
2' B 
1*8 In d e x 
.. 
25 
7*4 
4*8 In s tro n 
2o 
5 
1*811 16 In s trS y s 
787 
13+. 
7+e 
InsS y pf 25e 
138 8 
2 
1*8 
I n f e g Res 
5 
27 
IV . 
14’ ? 
1o+A in tlA lu m 
5o 8 
59 
14 
4 'a 
2 '? In t B n k n f 
16 
5o8 
3*8 
13+A 
11*4 In lC o u r 
28 9 
113 1 2*8 
P a 
Ca In tF d S v c 
. 
2o3 
I '? 
3'A 
TV. in tF u n rl o5e 6 
1o1 
2'2 
15'e 
12*4 In tG e n ln 9o 5 
56 14*'a 
7'? 
4+a 
In t P ro f n 
5 
24o 
6+8 
9 ' ? 
6+2 In tS e a w .6o 4 x8o 
8 5s 
2 
V a In tS tr tc h 
18 l ’A 
29*b 
17’ b I n t SyCon .25 IO 
327 29+? 
26'? 
28 
I '? 
*a In te rp h o t 
37 
+A13 1613 16— 
17*8 
14*8 In te rp o o l 
8 
149 16* p 
15'? 
15+A + 
18+8 
12' 1 In trw a y 
15e 
7x157 
16+? 
15*8 
16+8 + 
? *. 
P e In v e s t Fie 
19' ? 
17' ? In v D v A 2oe 5 
4+8 
4+a 
In v D v B o5e 5 
7'4 
4*8 
In v R tT r 
2 1 'a 
14*4 Io n ic s 
14 

*8 

1 3 * 8 - 
*8 
5o 
+ 2V. 
IV .— 
'8 t*4 — 
'A 
6+A— 
'A 
*413 16 
7 V. 
7+A + 
' a 
1*8 
IV . 4- 
+8 
13 V. 
14 
+ 
V? 
3 '4 
3*A........ 
12+? 
1 2V ? - 
'A 
P a 
1 'a + 
*8 
TV. 
2 *8 ......... 
14*8 
1 4 *8 — 
'8 
5*8 
6*8 + 
+A 
8 '/. 
8 * 8 + 
+. 
1+2 
IV ? ........... 

116 
4o 
59 

16 
6+8 
7*8 

6*» Iro q B rd 
2o 
14+a Iro q B rn d pf 
5 'a Irv in ln d o2r 
6*8 is ra e lD ,75e 

 l - K 

1+A 
I * . 
1 8 'e 
17*4 
4 '? 
4*8 
6+A 
6*8 
36 
2o 
19’A 
25 
V ? 
7+1 
26 
15'? 
32 
5*8 
29 
7*8 

L 

ISM 
5*? 
7*2 

1*4- 
18*8 + 
4 * A - 
6 * . - 
19+2— 
7 '4 — 
15+? + 
5 * .— 
7*?+- 

116 
*8 
*8 

ESS-NEWS— Saturday April 2 1977 

TU 
6+2 
14+8 l l 
11*8 
8 +e 
17H 
1o*8 
3*b 
2*4 
8+8 
6+8 
4V. 
3 
7 
4 + 8 
5+A 
5 
18+2 
14*4 
5 
3*8 
S H 
4'a 
JVA 
4 +. 
VU 
6'a 
8 
5' 2 
43’ 2 
3o'? 
9*4 
6 * . 
2 '? 
I U 
1+A 
IV? 
J Va 
1+2 
8+a 
7 
37+A 
2o'a 
6*8 
3+A 
4*8 
3+a 
7*4 
6 
17'a 
13'? 
18 
15+2 
7*4 
6*8 
3*4 
7*4 l l 16 3 16 
31 8 
2*8 
4+A 
3+a 
5*4 
4 H ion 
8 +a 
9+a 
7'a 
7*A 
J 
4 + 8 
3 H 
7+2 
J 
1o’ A 
BU 
IT A 
9' a 
28+9 
23' a 
2*8 
1*8 
4+8 
3*4 
6*8 
5 H 
14' a 
IC ? 
7 H 
I U 
7H 
6+2 
7+4 
5 *. 
9*8 
6+2 
7+4 
6' 8 
4 
3 + 8 
9 
6 '8 
2+8 
JVA 
19' ? 
17 l l ' . 
7+8 
15 + 8 
7 V. 
3' 2 
2 H 
23*4 
18*8 

J e c iy n 
4o 
J a c o b s i 
J a m s w y o5r 
Jeannet 
.4o 
J e tro n ic 
J o hn P d 
.36 
J u n ip e r P 
J u p ite r 
K Tel In 
,45e 

K a n e M ill w t . 
K ap o kT ,1or 
7 
K ayC p 
2o 14 
K e n w in 
34a 
5 
K e tc h m 
1or 
6 
K ew anee 
71 l l 15o1 
K eys! Ind 
.3o 
K id de w t 
K in A rk 
K in gO p t 
K in g R d 
2oe 
K irb y E x 
K it M fg 
K le e rV u 
K le in e rts 
K n ic k T o y 
K o llm r 
.36 
K u h n S tr 
IO 
L S B In d 
IOT 
L T V C o rD w f 
La B arge 
o6 13 
L a M a u r 
.2o 
8 
L a P o in t 
2oe 
8 
L a Q u in ta 
7 
L a fy R a d 
26 
7 
L a k e S h o r 
13 
L an eco 
.12 
5 
L a T o u rB 
9 
Lea Ron 
4oa 
6 
L ea thC o 
.5o 
£ 
L e e E n tr 
.6o 12 

6o 

.24 
5 
.3o 
8 
4 
16 
6 

L o d g e s 
,12e 
L o h m n 
8oa 

YeoHy 
Sale* 
Net 
High law 
(bds.) High low lo*! Chg 
28*. 
27 
L ouisC e I 12 
7 
19 
27+a 
27 
27 
— i , 
4+a 
V a L u n d v E l 
14 
3o 
4*a 
4’ A 
4 *a + 
Va 
2+8 L v n c h C p 
3 
45 
3 ’ A 
2+A 
2 + A - 
'a 
H a L y n n w e a r jq 
IV . 
IV . i v . — ia 
CA 

M 
- N - O 
2 
P a M D C C orp 
J 
I* 
9 
4 
M PO 
4 
23 
7 *i 
77« 
7’ a M W A 
4o 12 x l5 
7’ 
I 
1 1 1 6 M a c ro d 

P a 
I Va 
7+? 

1*A— 
7*8 + 
7+? + 
3 
77 
+A13 1613 16— I 16 
17 
15’ ? M eP bS 
I 4o 
7 
13 
16*. 
15*8 
16+4+ 
*8 
5*4 
4 *. M a m o th 
3o 
7 x 73 
4*8 
4*8 
4+A— 
’A 
4+a M a n h L fe 
28 
8 l l 
5+8 
5’ a 
5+a + 
6 
81 
5+A 
5*8 
5+A + 
781116 
I 
1116 
5 
248 
16*. 15+ 
7*8 
5*4 
7*8 

28 

47 
4*8 

5+ 
6+> 
4t,a M a n s! T 
o2r 
I * A13 6 M a rin d q 
18** 
IS *. M a rk C tl 
28 
6* b M a rle n e 
4' ? M a rs h Fd 
6*8 M a rs h In 
4 
23'? 
18' s M a rtP r 
4o 
8 
IO 
8+A M a s ln d 
4oa 
5 
38' a 
357A M a s n e iln .6o 
6 
4 * . 
3*s M a s te r s 
6 
IT A 
8 '? M a te r Re 
TS 
8 
5+4 
4 'a M a u l Br ,14b 
6 
4 '4 
2+s M c C u lO 
21 1 178 
3 ’A 
2 
2 
’ ? 
1 6 
M c l n t s h 
7 
2 
3 3 3 
I 8 ’ A 
K 
’ A + A Va 
3*8 M c Kaon 
135 4 
12** M e a ns F I o8 
8 
5 
7’ e M e d a ls ! 
.44 
7 
25 l+? M e d a in G o 
33 
C ? M e d c o J w 
13 2o7 
8' A M edenco 
2o 
6 
84 
5Va M e d fie ld 
4 
54 
16 
M e d ia G n 
4o 
1o*8 M e g o ln t 
.2o 
16'A M E M C o 
I 
C a M e rc n tile 

*8 

15’4 — CA 
7 V. + 
'4 
4 * 4 - 
V4 
6+A— 
*8 

7*8 
6 * . 
4 
4*4 
4*4 
62 
7X8 
6+A 
362 
23+? 
21’ ? 2 3 '? + 2 
56 
IO 
9'A 
9*8— 
' 
21 
37V. 35+8 35+A— IX 
4 
4*8 
4V4 
4 ' b....... 
8 
1oV. IO 
4+2 
2+A 

4+2 
14*. 
9*7 
2’ 4 
2+4 
9*8 
6'2 
2o 
15’ . 
19*. 
3 
1 2 '. 
19' B 

I 8 *8 +- 
3*4 
4 
+ 

IO 
— 
*A 
4 '? ........... 
3 
- 
'A 
. 8 
4 
*8 

12+A 
12*4 
9 '8 
8*8 
I Vi 
CA 
8+? 
5*8 

12+A + 
8*8— 
1*4— l'A — 
8*8 
5 * .+ 
16’ 8 - 
17o 
16+A 
16 
3o2 
11*8 
1o*8 
IO * 
36 
19 
18+? 
18**— 
IO 
IV . 
1*4 
IV .— 
8*8 M e te x 
3o 
4 x38 
9+A 
9*8 
9 * 8 * 
16*8 M e tp th 
16 
69 
1 7'e 
16*8 
1 6 * .— 
' . 
1*815 16 M e tr o c a r 
7 
2 *. 
I 
M e fro G rt 
117 
4+a 
3 'a M ic h G e n 
4 
1o9 
127b 
IO’'* M ichS uq 
I 
7 
3 '4 
2+A 
M ic h S p f 24 
5 '? M ic K lb ry 
16 
4 
4*8 M id ld C o 
.1o 
8 
1o*8 M id lG Is 
28 
5 
6*8 M ille r 
H 
IO 
26+a 
19*8 
M ille r WO .6o 9 
16*a 
13+7 
M il Roy 
25 
7 
2 
VA M is s n iT 
31'? M o P f CR I 46 
8 

6' ? 
5+8 
12*. 
7X4 

1'4 
2*4 
3+A 
75 
11*4 
2 
3’A 
22 
6+a 
5 

I ' 
2’ s 
3 '? 
IO *. 
11+8 

I'/ 
2*8+ 
*8 
3 *4 ........... 

3 
6'A 
4+A 

3 
— 
6'A + 
4+A— 
11*8— 
6+A + 
9 
IV A 11V 
5 
6+A 6+A 
172 
25*8 24'? 25 
88 
14'? 13'A 
13+A— 
*4 
1*4 
1*8 
1*4 + 
41 
16 
45 
43 
4 VA— 1*8 
49'? 
37’ a M itc h IE 
.12 
IO 
592 41*8 
37*4 
39’a — 1*b 
IO ’ . 
7*8 M ite C p 
2o 6x114 
8 ' a 
7*8 
7*4 
5 +a M od M a id .1or 
4 
6 
4+a M o n M g t 
4o 
5 
IS 
6 *. 
5 '? 
5+A 
6 '/.+ 
'a 
5 Va 
5 *8 + 
'A 
7’ 
5+A 
5? 
5o 
M o n P p f4 4o z2o SCA 
51’A 51’ A 
12'A 
IO'a M oog 
6o 
7 
26 11 
IO '? l l 
+ 
5 ’ s M fg G th 
48e 31 x37 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
14 
6 
6 'a 
4*8 M o rto n s 
32 
5 
17*8 
14*a M tV M il I 2o 23 
11’ a 
7+4 M o v St a r 
44 
6 
2 
Ca M o v ie la b 
6 
5 
4 'a M u lti A m 2o 
8 
8 '. 
7'a N apco lOe 
7 
3*8 
3 
N a rd a M 
.2o 
44 
24 +a 
19' B N at CSS .2o 
8 

5*4 
5’A 
IO 
15 
18 
IO 
1*8 
4*8 
V a 
3*8 

5+A 
1+A 
'A 
7+8 
12’ ? 
12’ ? 
4’ ? 

5’ ? N D is fr 
16 
C b N a tH lth E 
’ a N at Ind w t 
1+8 N K In n e y 
7’ ? N tP a ra g 
4o 

12 
28 
SI 
6 
48 
7o 

5*8 
5’ > - 
5 
5’A + 
14’ a 
14*4— 
IO 
IO 

'A 

CA. 
4*8 
7+A. 
3 '? . 

5’ A 
87 
IV . 
42 7 16 
84 
2*8 
27 
B’ s 

1 + 2 
4'A 
7 *. 
3 '? 
19'A 
IV *. 
5’ ? 
5 '?. 
CA 
*8 
2'A 

8 * . N t P a te n t 
24 
85o 
9 P a 
IO* 
3 * . N I S ilv e r 
15e 
3+A 
3*4 

I Vi 4 
* B ~ ' 
2*8. . . 
8’A 
1o+2— 
3+A 
4*8 
J U 
N tS pinn g 
N a tS yst 
138 
14 
4'A 
4 
4+8 
5 'a 
3 + 8 lOe 
7 
72 
5 
4*a 
4+8 
13*8 
IO 
N a tw H o 
36 
6 
15 io n 
IO U 
1o+.— 
'A 
4 H 
3 ’ a N e isn er 
J 
4 
4 
4 
I ' . 
H a N e lly D o n 
3 
1 H 
H a 
H a — 
'A 
2*4 
1+2 Nelson 
L B 
14 
17 
2’ ? 
7*4 
2 H — 
'A 
1+8 
I ' 2 N e s tL M 
13 
H a 
1+7 
1*4 V 
'A 
3 I U 
77*8 N E N u c lr 
5o l l 
3o 
28 Va 
JJU 
78*4— 
'? 
17' 
17'8 N H a m p 
4oa l l 
73 
16 
14+8 
16 
+ l'e 
1+8 
I 
N ld ria 
o4e 
7 
217 
Ha 
C ? 
1+2— 
36' . 
24 +8 NAAex A r 
93 
47 
32 
3o’ a 
3o’ 4 - f 
H 
1o+4 
9' 2 N P ro c 
63e 
9 
83 
9* a 
9+2 
9 H 
17*8 
IS '? 
N Y T im e s 
6o 
9 
1o68 
17*8 
15+8 
17+. 4 
H a 
18*8 
9 
N e w b E n 
7ob 
5 
737 
17*8 
IS H 
17 V. 4 
I U 
21'? 
18 
N e w co r lb 
6 
J 
19+8 
19*8 
19' 84- 
Va 
7 ’ ? 
4+A N e w p rk 
6 
174 
5*4 
5+2 
5 H 
T A 
I '? 
N exus 
U t 
6 
16 
1H 
1 + 2 
1H 
15+A 
13' ? N ia q F S v 
56 
4 
18 
13+a 
13+2 
13+2— 
'? 
H a 
4 
N ic h o ls 
27t 
4 
IO 
4+a 
4’ A 
4' a 4 
'A 
3+A 
2’ a 
N o e l Ind 
5 
13 
2 U 
2 H 
2 H . 
6 ' b i 
N olex 
36 
91 
4 '? 
4 
4 
— 
Va 
3 H 
J U 
N or le k 
.o4 l l 
13 
3 
2 + 8 
2+A 
'A 
16 
+8 No A m M f w t 
J 
V. 
Va 
U + 1 16 
16 + 8 
I2’ a N or A m R 
.1o 
8 
116 
U H 
12H 
13 
- 
*-. 
8' ? 
7 Va N o r Cdn O 
6 
324 
7+A 
7 H 
7V.— 
+8 
5 6 '. 
57 
N IP S p f 4 25 
Z7o 
53 
52+? 
57’ A - 
V. 
3X4 
2*8 N ovoC p 
IO 
2 H 
2 H 
2 H . 
12*8 
4 
N u c lD ta 
2o 
27o 
12*8 
IO 
12 
4 i+A 
U H 
IO 
N u m a cO 
22 
88 
12U 
I I H 
12 
+ 
H 
4 H 
3' ? O E A In c 
2o 
7 
8 
3 H 
3’ ? 
3*4"— 
Va 
I I H 
9 
O a k w d H 
o9r 
4 
2o 
IOU 
IO 
IO 
— 
'a 
19 
IS H O ffs h o re 
4 
7 
15*4 
15*8 
15*4— 
H 
7+8 
5*4 Oh io A rt 
24a 
6 
3 
6*8 
6*4 
6*4 — 
' a 
45’ B 
37’ 8 O bioB 
2 
4 
32 
4o 
38+s 
3 9 * 4 - 
*4 
8 'a 
7 ’ a Oh Sealy 
48 
7 
IO 
OVA 
8+8 
8+o 
1o’ A 
7*8 OI I a Ind 
4oe 
5 
21 
BU 
8*8 
8’ 2—— H 
22’ a 
18' a O nL in eS 
12 
25 
18*4 
18+a 
18+.— 
+7 
39 
33 
O O kinp 
13 785o 
38 
36* a 
36X4— 
*4 
C ? 
Ca O rig in a la 
I 
1+B 
C s 
Ca — 
'A 
7+8 
6 
O r io lu r io 
18 
18 
6+8 
6*8 
6*4 4 
'A 
2 7b 
Ha 
O rm a n d 
25 
85 
2'? 
2’ 8 
2 '? 4 
Va 
16’ ? 
12+a O S u llvn 
6o 
5 
J 
14*4 
U H 
1 4 * 4 - 
*8 
8' ? 
6*e O u ld rS p lOe 
5 
42 
8 
7 ’ 2 
7 * 4 - 
I 4 
12 + 8 
1o'a 
O v e rh D r 
SO 
7 
54 
IT A 
IC '. 
11*8— 
VS 
2*8 
H a O x fo rd Ft 
29 
2 
TA 
7 
4- 
' 8 
4 H 
3 H O z a rk A lOe. 
4 
77 
3 + 8 
3 H 
3 V.— 
VA 
P-Q-R 

J 
H a 
P F In d 
1o4 
1+? 
1*4 
I U — 
'A 
*8 
+8 P N B M R w t 
' ? 
'a P S A Inc w t 
18+8 
I * 7o P G E p f A I 5o 
17+4 
15*8 P G E p fB I 37 
16 
14*8 P G E p fC I 25 
157e 
14'8 P G E p fD I 25 
15’ ? 
14+b P G E p f E I 25 
1478 
13' ? P G E o fG I 2o 
3o’ a 
27V. P G E p fT 2.54 
31 
28' a P G E p fS 2.67 
13 + 8 
12*8 P G E p fH 1.12 

115 3 16 3 16 3 16 
IID 5 16 
28 
17+A 
18 
16+A 
16 

Va. 
W a 
W a 
16*8 + 
6 
14*4 
14*8 14V.— 
'a 
55 
15*. 
14+. 15’/.+ 
’ a 
19 
15+8 
14+8 1 5'A + 
+8 
I 
14 
14 
122 
79*? 
28*8 28+a 
137 
3 o '. 
29+a 29+8+ 
*A 
12 
13*8 
12*4 13*8+ 
*8 
213 
2 8 '. 
27’ ? 28 

14 
— 
>B 

29 
26’ a P G E p fR 2.37 
25*8 
73*8 P G E p fP 2.o5 
25 
23 
P G E p fO 
2 
24' a 
27 
P G E p fM 1.96 
26*4 
25 
P G E p fL 2.25 
25'a 
73 
P G E p f K 2 o4 
277B 
25*4 P G E p lJ 2 32 
13's 
12' ? P G E p f I I o9 
16*8 
H ' b P H o ld g 
.16 
7o*8 
15' ? P H o ld p f I 2o 
52' a 
48'a P a c L t pf4.36 
52*8 
48 
P a c L f pf4,4o 
54+b 
5o'a Pac L f pf 4 5o 
57*8 
52'a P a c L t pf4.75 
92 
845» P a c L t pf7 64 z1o5o 89'2 
66 
86 
19+a 
18+a P N w T e l I 32 
9 
34 
18*4 
18+4 
18' 
63'? 
57 
P a c P L p f 
5 z 125 58 
57 
57 

2o 
74+-8 24’A 
24+A+ I 
9 
24 
23's 
23*8— 'a 
48 
23*8 22*4 
23+8+ I 
6 
26*8 25*8 
2 6*8 + I 
52 
24'? 23’ ? 
24 
9 
27'? 26'? 
26*?— '? 
1o6 
13 
12+8 
12+/8- VA 
' 
11o 
16*8 14+8 
16sA+- IV? 
6 
2o'A 2o'A 
2o+?+ ’ 8 
Z1o5o 
5 VA 51 
SCA— +2 
Z24o 
SCA 5o 
51+/S+- 3 
Z3oo 
52*4 51*8 
5 1 * 8 - 1*8 
Z6o9o 
55*8 53’a 
53'A— '? 

35 

J4 
6 + 8 
6' 2 
6*4 F 
VA 
88 
12 Va 
11+2 
I H i ­ 
H 
122 
1o+A 
IO U lo * . — 
'A 
21 l l ’ ? l l 
11H +- 
'A l l 
3 'b 
3 
3 
.. . 
376 
7’ ? 
6*8 
6* 8— iXA 
161 
3 * . 
3+2 
3*4 
8 
6 
5'4 
5 * 4 - 
'A 
15 
5 Vt 
5'8 
S'A— 
'/. 
1365 
18'A 
17+2 
17*4— 
+8 
78 
3+A 
3*8 
3 H — 
H 
14 
4 H 
4 U 
4 H — 
'A 
94 
7+4 
6 '2 
7 U + 
V. 
21 
8*4 
8 * i 
8*4 + 
*A 
72 
7 + 2 
7 's 
7 'a — 
Va 
15o1 
41 + 8 
39*4 
4o+'?— 
' 2 x l4 
7 H 
7 
7*4-1- 
H 
19 
I U 
H a 
1* 8— 
Va 
116 
IV . 
I U 
I Va.. . 
7 
IV . 
1*4 
1*4— va 
34 
8*8 
7 H 
8'4-F 
H 
272 
27 H 
25 
2 5 H F 
+8 
46 
6 
5V4 
5 U — 
X/. 
IO 
3*8 
3 *. 
3 * 4 - 
+8 
8 
6' ? 
6+2 
6' ? .. . 
558 
15*. 
14+2 
15'A— 
* . 
228 
17'2 
16U 
17H F 
1+8 
48 
7'A 
6* . 
6+'a— 
+4 
18 
3 H 
3*4 
3 H . 
446 
V 
3 16 3 16— 1 16 
34 
2 + 8 ' 2*4 
2* .. 
45 
4+4 
3+A 
4 U . . 
3 
J U 
4’ 2 
4 + 2 - 
+8 
39 
9*4 
9 1/? 
9*4 + 
'A 
127 
TU 
7 H 
7*4— 
Va 
13729 16 
2+4 
2 * 4 - 3 16 
45 
4+8 
4*4 
4*4. . 
16 
J U 
J U 
2 V .— 
'A 
6 
V t 
9*8 
9*4— 
'a x7o 
11V. 
9+a 
11*4 + 
C/2 
55 
24+a 
23’ ? 
23’ ? - 
1+8 
IO 
1X4 
I U 
1H - 
'A 
17 
4', 8 
4 
4>A + 
+8 l l 
6+4 
5+A 
6 
— 
H 
6 
12*8 
12 
12 
43 
2's 
2 
2’A 
15 
6+A 
6+2 
6+A + 
’ ’A 
65 
7+A 
7 H 
7+A + 
’A 
25 
7 H 
7 U 
7Xa— 
Va 
41 
7 'b 
6H 
6 +2— 
H 
99 
3 H 
3 H 
3 H + 
Vi 
22 
6*4 
6 Vi 
4 U — 
H 
62 
2V? 
2 H 
2*4— 
Va 
IO 
17+/S 
17*4 
UVA— 
Va 
365 
8+2 
8 
8 
- 
•A 
41o 
15*4 
14+2 
15V. + va 
49 
3 U 
3'A 
3 U . .. 
32 
2C/4 
2o VA 
21 
— 
’A 

1X4 
+ 8 P a lo m r F 
125 
29 
5*4 
3*4 
P an d el B 
4 
14 
6 
4*9 P a n ta s t 
.3o 
7 
21 
5*4 
4' 2 P a ra P k 
2o 
8 
23 
I? 
1o+a P a rk C h 
48a 
6 
4 
3+4 
2*8 P a rk E I 
1oe 
13 
24’ ? 
21*8 P arson s 
8o 
5 
73 
3+8 
2 *a 
P a fF a sh 
5 l l 
5’ e 
4 
P ata go n 
8 
31 
9 H 
6+2 P atoC 
I 2oe 
4 
299 
14' ? 
13+a P e b b lB 
6o 
6 
16 
6+4 
5’A P e e rT u 
2oa 
8 
5 
1o’ a 
6' 2 P em cor 
.2o 
5 
74 
I +. 
I U 
P enn D ix w t 
14 
IO U 
9+8 Pen E M 
6oa 
6 
2o 

C a 
1*8 
4'A 
5+8 
4*4 l l 
2' 2 
73 
23*8 
22'a 
23's 

5 '? 
4'A 

32V.— 
*/. 
C/4— 
'A 
4+8+ 
Vi 
5 */.......... 
4*8 + 
'A 
1o+8 l l 
7*8 
2 * 8 - 

2+8 
4*4 
8 + 8 

2 V. 
4 *8 
7": 

2+a— 
4V. + 
8*8 
. 
16 
13'A 
13+4 
13+4 
5+a 
IO 'a 
1*8 
7o 
1o+4 
IO 
I 4o 
7 x 3o 
3 3 '. 
32 
151 

5*8 
9+8 
IV . 

3*8 
6 
13*8 
13' a 
1 3 *8 1 
14 
4+s 
3+A 
3+8 - 
I 
I 
21 
41 
C s 
6 
21' 

3*s 
IO' ? 
2*8 
V a 
IO’ a 
6*4 
32 
4 o '. 
22 
8*8 

2 *. 

17 
15'a 
14 + b 
15’ 8 - 
'A 

33+8 
27*4 P e n T r 
5+8 
3*8 P E C p 
4ot 
14*e 
13 
Pen RI E 
1.15 8 
, 5’ a 
3+A PenobS 
2oe 6 
1*8 
I 
P e n lro n 
7 
74'a 
71 
Pep Boys 
1b 5 
17+a 
14+b P op co rn 
6o 4 
8*4 
7’ a P e rin i 
3oa 
4 
172 
8*8 
8+A 
6*8 P er tee 
8 
267 
7V. 
18*b 
14'A P e tro L e 
12 
17o 
17’ 2 
16V 
7*s 
6+a P h ilL D 
.63e 
3 
53 
7*8 
7'2 
2*4 P h o e n ix 
8*8 P ie N P ay 
2o 
6 
1+8 P ie d m n f l l iv . P io n e e r s 
7' ? Pion Tex 
.8o 6 
6 '8 P itW V a 
56a l l 
23 
P it D M 1.2oa 
5 
35V. P ittw a y 
1.2o IO 
18*8 Pl a c rD v 
8o 14 
6 
P la n t Ind 
13+s 
IO *. P la n trn 
o8 
7 
468 l l * . 
1o*4 
1o+ 
5*8 
4+4 P ly G e m 
S it 6 
2 'a P ly m R A 
26 

5*8— 
VA 
9+2— 
*8 
IV ............ 
IO '8 — 
+8 
32*8— 
Vt 
3*4— 
'a 

2 + 8 
8+a 
2 's 
I ’ ? 
8-‘ a 
6 *. 

7*8 
6+A 

2*4 
8*8 
7'A 
I Va 

6*8 
24 
36V. 
37 
I 
21' 2 
21V* 
21’ ? 
6*8 

58 
26 
58 
38 

79 
6*/. 

SVA— 
*. 
7 V .+ v 
17’ ? + I 
V i .............. 
2 + 8 
8+a 
2'a 
. . . . 
I +8 + 
' 8 
8 'A - 
+8 
6*4 + 
'A 
2 4 'A — I +a 

6*8 + 
'A 

5+8 
2*8 
14’ I 
1o+a P neuSca 
8o 
8 z7oo 
14 
3'a 
2*8 P oloro n 
V a 
6*8 P o l ye h r 
8 
IC ? 
8*4 P ra irie O 
2 
15+8 
17*8 P ra ttL m b 
I 
7 
6 '? 
5' ? P ra ttR d 
3o 
6 
24'a 
21'a P re n H a 1.12 12 
2*4 
1+8 P re s R tB 
12*b 
9 '2 P re s le y 
14'a 
17** P re sto n 
2+8 
2+a P rim M t 
ITI 
9 
12*8 
11'4 P rp C T 1.2oe IO 
1o*8 
9 ** P ro v G a s 
8o 
8 
T b P rd R IE 
.2o 88 
3+s P ru d B d g 
24 
5 
3+a P ru d G p 
48’ 2 PSCol p f4 25 

4+a 
7'A 
13 

5'A + 
' 
2 * 8 - 
' 
13 
3*8 
3*8 
7 
8 *. 

2+ 
4+8 
5 ' 1 
53 
7' 2 
M i 
6 ' a 
6+7 
7+A 
T a 
2 

6 
16 
IO 
17 

2'A 

JU 
11*8 
I C . 
9*8 
2 '? 
3+8 
5 

7 
- 
*8 
8+A— 
+8 
13*8 
1 3 * 8 - 
Vt 
5 * . 
5+A. ... 
22'/. + 
Va 
2*8 

89 
3*8 
28 
7*8 
16 
9 
35 
14*4 
27 
6 
92 
22*8 22 
18 
2*8 l l 
294 
11*8 
1o+A 11*8 + 
7o 
9 25 
13*8 
13+. 13*8 
17 
7Va 
7 
9+8 
2*8 
4'A 
5 + 8 

V. 

'/. 

2>4. 
11*8 t 
9 * 8 - 
2*8 + 
4 
+ 
5*8 + 
*8 
Z1325 
S C . 
48'? 
4 8 '? - IV . 
6 ' b P u lte H 
6 
2o6 
7 
6 '? 
6V. 
J * a P u n ta G 
13 
35 
3’A 
2+A 
2 + a 
4+e P u re p a r 
o6e l l l l 
6'A 
5+A 
5 + A - 
'4 
5' ? Q uebecor 
5 
5 
6' a 
6'A 
6 'A ............ 
6' a R B Ind 
o8e 
5 
89 
6*a 
6 's 
6'7 
I '4 R E D M 
6 
18 
1*8 
1*4 
I *a — 
Va 
I ’ . R E T 
59 
T a 
1*4 
IV ........... 
45' 2 
4 3 '. R E T pf 4.38 
5+4 
4+. R H M ed 
5 
I ' 2 R P S P d 
1*8 
R S C in d 
8 
1o*4 
R LC C p 
12a 5 
3+s 
R acon 
2oa 5 
IO 
4*8 
6 * b 
R a g a n B ,15e 6 
172 
8’ a 
15*8 
R a n c h E x 
26 533 
1 9 '. 
17*8 
18+A+ l'A 
17*. R a n g rO 
57 
144 
21' s 
2 o '. 
2 o * 8 - 
*8 
13’ b 
11*8 P a n s b rg 
8o 
6 
83 
13'a 
12*4 
12+A— 
’ a 
Ca 
*4 R a p d A m w t 
179 
C a 
CA 
I V . ..... 
6’ a 
4 
R a th P 
62 
5 
35’ 2 
21+a R a y m P r ,57e 22 x76 
35’ 2 31 
3 
I 
R e ad in g 
1 6 'b 
14*8 R eal E st I 2o 14 

1+A 
2 
13 
4’ 8 
9 + 8 
19'a 
24 

13 
44*8 44'a 44+4+ '4 
5 
4*s 
4'A 
4 *8 + 
Va 
) 
1+2 
CA 
I '? ............ 
1*4 
1*8 
1 * 8 - 
’ 
68 
12*8 
11*8 
1 2 '/.— 
'a 
4V? 
4 'A — 
*8 
7 
7+A + 

4+8 

 l l 
21 
2 *. 
3 
6 + 8 
IO 
2 
19 
2 * . 

9' ? R f In c T I 15e 
7 
18*8 
R ltR e f 2 .15e IO 
7'a 
R e d la w 
21 
1*4 
R eevesT 
18 
6 
R e f r ig T r 
6 
8+e R egal B 
52 
8 
15 16 R e lG rp w t 

4+A......... 
34 
+ 2'4 
38 
2+a 
2 '? 2*a - 
38 
14*4 14*. 14*/............. 
6 
IO' . 1o+a IO '. 
44 
2o+A 2o*8 2o*b— 
Va 
5 
2’ ? 
2 '? 2+?............ 
2+2 
6 V. 
9 V. 
I 

2+A 
31 
6 ' 2 
24 
9*8 
[96 l'A 
69 
18’ . 
17X 
36 
2*8 
2 '? 

2+8 + 
*A 
6 V .— 
*8 
9 *8 ........... 
1 
17+a — 
*8 
2 + 7— 
'8 
13*. R e m A r 
8oa 
I +e R e p H o u s 
Va 
' b R e p M tIn w t 
. 
I 3 16 3 16 3 16 
. 
27 
24*4 
R e p N Y 
88 5 
28 25'a 24*. 2 5 '4 + 
' . 
22 
17*a 
R e schC tl o8 13 
49o 21+a 19*4 2o 
— I 
23+8 
18' i R e s is tflx 6o 7 
29 19*4 19 
1 9 * 8 - 
*8 
1o + 8 
8 ’ 8 R e s rts A 
13 
23o 
9*8 9 '4 
9 * b ............ 
23 Z35o 
17*8 
1 7 's 
17+4........... 
34 
CA C a 
IV .— 
A 
16 
2 Vt 2*8 
2 'A ........... 
5 
35 
4 
3V. 
3+#............. 
3o 
4 x 49 
7 
6*/. 
7 
+ 
'A 
8 
432 
27+A 
25*8 
2 6'A + 
+A 

1 9 's 
17 
R e s rts B 
2 
C a Rest Asse 
2 's R e x N o re 
3 " . R ib le tP d 
8 
6’ b R ich to n 
27 + a 
15+A R ile y C o 

3 * . 
5+A 

287b 
24*e R io A lg m 
I l l 
9 
26+a 
26'a 
2 6 '/.- 
16'8 
R isdoh 
.4o 
IO 
15*b 
11+8 R obntch 
4+a 
3+s R o blin 

36 
15' 2 
14V. 
14*/.- 
146 
13 + 8 
12+a 
1 3 's - 

3'a 
15 
2'? 
5*8 

2 'a R o c c r 
11’ a R o g e rs 
1 + b RonvoT 
4' 7 R ossm r 
*8 7 16 R o y B u s F 
6 'a 
4 * . R u dd ick 
7*8 
2'a 
8 *. 
12'? 
2o 

 iv ? RUSCO 
7*a R ussell 
8' ? R ustC ft 

4 
64 
4 '? 
4+8 
4 U + 
VA 
I 
8 
51 
16*4 
16 
1 6 + 8 - 
Va 
8 
2*8 
2 H 
2 H . . 
7 
22 
13+4 
12*4 
12*4— 
*4 
6 
7 
JVA 
2+e 
2+ s ... 
4o 
4+8 
4’ 2 
41 j — 
' 2 
9 
+2 7 16 
'2 + 1 16 
! 2e 
6 
24 
6+2 
611 
6+2— 
'8 
56 
16 
7 H 
7+2 
7 + 2. 
. 
64o 
2+4 
H i 
2+4 + 
*8 
4o 
5 
1o8 
8*8 
8 
B U 
. 
4o 
8 
21 
11+8 
I I H 
11*4— 
+8 
SO 
IO 
198 
17*4 
17 
17 
— 
V? 
S-T-U 
9 + 8 
1*4 
17’_a 
4*8 
I4 'a 
' 7*4 
1o+8 
11 
11+8 
1o7*4 
89' ? 
, 81'? 
29*8 
14+8 
1*8 
4 1*. 
3 + 8 
2 7 '? 
1o+a 
7*4 
12 
3*8 
7*8 
I .7 + 8 

8 ’ a SGL 
. I6r o 
H e SGSec 
16 
SGSe p f I 7o 
'V a S M D 
5 
1o's S alem 
,89t 
62 
6 ' b S C arlo 
63e 
9' ? SDgo pf 
88 
1o 
SDgo p f 
9o 
11 
SDgo p f 
I 
1o3 
SDgo p f 9 84 
84'? SDgo pf 7 8o 
76 
SDgo p f 7 2o 
28’ b SDgo pf 2 68 l l 
S F rR E 
15e 83 
*8 S F R E w f 
35*8 SanJW 
2 8o 
7 
3' a S arge nt 
7 
27 
S argt p f 2.25 
8+e S a u n d rL 
6 * . S cheibE 
8*8 S che n uit 
2*8 S c h ille r 
6 *a School P 
5 * . S c h ra d e r 

8*8 
1*8 

3o 
.56 IO 
6oa 6 
31 
4o 
6 
3o 
B 

13 
16*8 
17 
2*8 
1297 144*8 
' 
29 
6*8 
2o 
IO '8 
3 
1o 
IO l l ' / . z5o 1o3 
145o 
86 
Z4oo 
8o 
14 
28+b 
69 
13+a 
18 
C . 
7 
36+A 
56 
3'A 
Z 35o 
27'? 
37 
9*8 
67 
7 
14 
IC A 
14 
3*8 
42 
7'A 
27 
6'a 

8 *b 
8*8 
I '? 
CA. 
16*8 
16*8 +• 
*8 
2' 2 
2 'A + 
+8 
1J2+A 13*88+ H a 
6*8 
6+2— 
*8 
1o+8 
IO '8 + 
*8 
1o 
IO 
— 
Va 
11 l l 
— 
'A 
1o3 
1o3 
+ 
' ? 
85 
85V?— 
'A 
77 
8o 
+ T a 
28*8 
28+A+ 
'A 
1 3 '. 
13'4— 
*8 
T i 
C A — 
'A 
3 6'? 
3 6'?— 
+8 
3 '4 
3 'A ........... 
27’ ? 
2 7 '? ........... 
8+A 
8+A— 
*8 
6*4 
6+A+ 
"A 
IC A 
11'A........... 
3' 8 
3' b— 
1 a 
6V. 
6 V i— 
Xe 
5+A 
6 'A + 
Va 

Y e a rly 
H ig h 
Low 
Sales 
(bds.) High Lew 
Lo*! Chg 

2+a 
P i Sr I M g t 
o9e 
13 
IS 
2+* 
7 
* 
21' b 
16 
Sc 'A C a 
17 11 
134 18 
16'? 
17' ? + t x 
36’ b 
? 4 i. Scope In 
5oo 
5 135o 31 *> 
3H a 
31*8— 
? 
14+s 
13 +8 S c rfv n e r 
7o 
5 
IS 14'A 
13+A 
14'A 4- 
A 
7 o 's 
17+a S c u rrv R 
IO 
I ’ 8 
18 
'5, — 
,« 
IO 
B 's S bd A IM tl 
.4o 
4 
IO IO 
* 
4 
3 
S e a lc tro 
21 
4 
3*8 
3' ? 
3*8. 
CA 
'a S eaport 
9 
39 C a 
CA 
I A. 
6>» 
3 ’ ? S eaprt pf *6 
Z25o 
6+A 
5+A 
5+8+ 
*8 
4 ’ a 
2+a S e a rs ln d 
IO 2*8 
2*8 
3’ * - , , 
7o*8 
IO 
S easnAII 
26 
13 
3o4 2o*8 
17+A 7o*a 4 7*8 
3 ' b 
2'., Sec M fg in 
91 
2’ ? 
7+. 
2+?+ 
'A 
5 16 5 37 S e c M tln w f 
7 7 32 3 16 7 32 + I 37 
.. 
* e 
C l. 
CU 
I lk -- o 
6 
1*8 
5*8 
6*8 
8 + 8 
9 
. 
4" 8 
14+a 
9+A 
7*8 
7’ i 

5’ a SeiasCp 
3o 
7 
I 
Set ig Asse 
4 *. S em fch le t 
8 
5' ? S e rvisco 
3o 
5 
4 
S ervo 
8 
7’ s SetonCo 
45 
8 
3' n ShaerS 
.25c 
7 
12'a S haron 
1 
7 
8' ; S h a w ln 
5ob 
8 
T a S h e ik R 
6’a S hndCp 
24t 

5*4 
1*8 
4*8 
5’ a 
4' 2 
9 
3*8 l l 
14 

SU 
S H ­ 
'A 
I U 
I H — 
'8 
4*4 
4 *4 ... 
SH 
5*4. 
4+8 
4*8 + 
' ' a 
8’ 'a 
JU 
9 
+ 
3*8 
H 

13+8 
13+8 * 
+8 

78'2 
24'a ShenanO 
3 
19 
3 
8’ a 
1o+a 
8 '8 
3’ a 
9 'a 
3+A l l 
2 + a 
2 
2’ a 
1o7« 
5' ? 
15* a 
8 ’ a 
13’ . 
13* a 

SO 
2oe 

2+? S h o p w e ll 
IO 
15*4 S how hot 
I 
6 
T a S h irim T r 
5*4 S ie rra n 
7o 
9' i S ifc o ln d 
6 's S igm a 
7*8 SiKesCp A 
6+a S ilo Inc 
* 
2+b S im coS 
25h 17 
8*8 S im k in s 
8o 
1+A S im p le x 
1 H SHkinSR 
1+A Sol I Iro n 
9 'a S on d erB r .32 
4 
4 's Sorq 
Paper 
IH A Soandso 
.4o 
5 
8 
SoesfCap 6o 48 
12+A SCEd pf I o6 
12' a SCEd pl I OR 

9 '? 
8*4 
73 
7'A. 
T a 
6 
69 
7' ? 
TU 
17 
172 25’ « 
24' a 
8 
2*8 
2 '? 

9' ? 4 
2 
7*8 A 
74*4— 
2 '? — 
I I 
16'? 
16*8 
16’ A 

 l l 

7*4 
3 
8 
3’ ? 
1o*4 
7’A 
2 
2'A 
9*'a 
5 

34 
3o 
. 
15 
IO’ ? 
IO’ A 
IO'? 
38 
13 
35 
2 
4 
36 
6 
113 
34 
13 

T a 
T A — 
'A * 
7*8 
7*A— 
*8 

7*8 
2*4 
3 
* 
7V. 
8 
4 
3’ 2 
3' ?— 
1o*8 
1o*A - 
2 '. 
2*8 4 
P i 
2'A 4 
9 ’ a - 
5 
1 2 *8 - 
8*8. 

*A 

15' 2 
13+2 SCEd p f I 19 
73 
2o' ? SCEd pf I 6R 
19'a 
16+A SCEd p f I 45 
17'a 
16 
SCEd p f 13o 
78'a 
26’ a SCEd pf7.3o 
27'? 
25'a SCEd pf 2 21 
95 
88V? SCEd p f 7 58 
1o4’ a IOO 
SCEd pf8 7o 
1o7 
1o1 
S C E d p f8 96 
71+ s 19 
Swst A irn 
28 6 
5 '? 
4'a 
S w tG F in 
2o j 
IC B 
9 'a 
S pa rfe k 
4o 
( 
5+A 
S'A S p e c lty R 
5 
8’ a 
6' ? S pector 
1oe 35 
5 
3+b S pectro 
ITI 
4 
7*8 
T a SpedOP t i t 12 
1 + 8 ti-1 6 S p e irm n 
4 * . 
3*8 S pencer 
o8e 
7 
7*a 
4+a S p e n crF 
,o8j f 
6*A 
5+a S plen tex 
.48 
8 
6*8 
4*8 S ta ftrd L 
5 
18’ ? 
15's S td A lln 
I 
5 
6+4 
16'-.. 
47A 
IC B 
11+8 
75 

P i 
T a 
9'A 
5 
IOT 13 
1 7 'i 
IO 
8’ a 
8’ a 
52 
13+e 
17+A' 
12+A+ ’ A 
67 
13’ ? 
12*8 
12+A— 'A 
13 
14 
13+? 
13+A— ’ A z65o 23 
22*a 
23 
43 
17+A 
17*8 
17+A 4 'a x54 17 
16’ A 
1 6 *4 * *8 
19 
27'a 
76'A 
26*44- 

5+a StdC ont 
15r 
14 
Std Coosa 
9o 
5 
3 
S td M e tl 
5ot 
17 
9 'a S td M o tA 
8*a Std P ac Cp 
2o*8 Std P rod 
I 4o 
*8 S td P ru d w t 
74'a Std S tirs 
4or 
7 'a S tange 

+A 
27 
14 + 8 
1 2 'b t i '8 S ta r Sup 
76 
4 
Ca t 
S ta rd u st 
17' ? 
14*8 S ta rrtH o 
36 
6 
8 '? 
7’ p S te e lm t 
24b 
5 
15*8 StepnC h 
6o 
7 
HA S te r lE I 
IO 
3 ’ a S te v c o k n it 
5 
7+s S tru tW 
.3o 
7 
4’ a Sue Ann 
24 
8 
H A 13 16 S u m m it 
6 
4 'a 
3 'a S u n C ity I 
.25 
6 
I * . 
16'a S unE lec 
O’ . 
8*8 S un a ir 
45e 
6 

2o 
H a 
5 ’ a 
12*8 
5’ ? 

7' ? 
6+a S un sh Jr 
.28 
6 
17'? 
16 
S upFdS 
.4o IO 
3*8 S u p e rcr lOe 
4 
5*8 S u p ln d l 
12b 
7 
5 
SupS urq 
.14 
7 
2+A Susqueh 
161 
12*» 
IO 'a Susqhn p f 25k . 
+? S u trM tq w t 
5+A S yna lo y 
3ob 
5 

4 '? 

*8 
7 'a 
74*8 
17*. S vntex 
16' 2 
13+A S yscoC p 
.4o 
7*8 
5'A Sys* Eng 
1+B 
1*8 T F I 
4*8 
3 'a T a i le y In w t 
15 
13+a T a n d y B r 
2o'a 
18+a T asty. 
I 2oa 
I ' s 11 16 T e c h S y m 
3*8 
2' ? TechO p 
3 'a 
3 
T e chT a p 
5+a 
4 
T e c h trl 
16 
17+a 
14' ? T e jo n R 
,2oa 
8 'a 
7+b TefeC m 
.36 
18 
14+b T e le fle x 
321 
7 16 
'a T e le x C p w t 
4' b 
3 
Tenna 
o8a 
8 '? 
5+? Tenneco w t 
T a 
C ? T e n n e y En 
T a 
11 b T e n s o r 
15' 7 l l 1? T e ra d y n 
13*8 
1o+8 T e rra C 
8o 
58'? 
56 
T x P L pf4.56 
7+A 
6 
T e x s l a r 
o7e 
K ' 8*8 t ' 8 ’-a 'A 's 4 'A Va TI 
16— 1 16 
4 +b 
2*8 T h o r o fa r 
3 
T h re e D 
6'/? T h rittim t 
2 
T id w e ll 
6 'a T iC a n y l 
.2o 
5*8 T im p te 
18' ? T o k h e im .8o 
47 
TOI E d pf 4.25 
6+4 ToppsG u 
2R 
12*8 T o rin C p 
.8o 
S U T o fa lP e t 

4 *. 
8*8 
7+A 
8 'a 
9*8 
27 
49*4 
8*4 
14 
8 >8 
213 16 H a T o t P e t w t 
17 
13+8 T o ta l p f 
7o 
2+a 
2+? T o w n C fry 
2*8 
7 
T ra n s L u x 
IS 
3' i 
2*b T re d w y ,o5r 
3 
IH a 
IO' b T riS fM tr 
8o 6 
7*8 
5*8 
T ric o lOe 8 
311 16 H a TubO S M .17e 
8+a 
5 1 ? T u ttc o 
4o 
6 
76'? 
22*a T u rn rC 
144 7 
3 
T w in F a ir 
9 

.2o 
5 
31 
24 
8 

3+A 
15*8 
13+7 U & l 
3*a 
3X8 U IP C p 
7'a 
C b U N A C p 
4*8 
3*8 U R S C p 
6' a 
4 
U V In d w t 
IO 
6 'B U n im a x 
33 
5 'a 
4 'a U n im a x pf 
9 'a 
8*8 U n G asA 
.69 
8 
6*8 
4-'a L m io n in v 
2o 
1o'a 
9 
U n A irP d 
56 
6 
'a 
*8 Un B ra nd w t 
12*8 
11*8 U nC osF 
5ob 
7 
I ' ? 
H e U n F o od s 
2 
*8 U N a fC p 
5 32 I 16 U N a tC p w t 
6 
3'A U N a tC p pf k * 6 J '4 U P ie ce D 
7+8 U S B c p T r 
“ 
U S F iltr 
,28 
IO 

4' J 
9*8 
15+8 
12 
9 

5 '? 
3+a 

+a U n R ltT w f 
3+A U S N * Rs 
3 'a U S R d iu m 
17 
15'a 
13+e U S R bR la 
8 
34 
3o'a U n ite k l l ' s 
9 '? U n ity B u y 
7+A U n ivC iq 
o5 
C ? U n ivC o n t 

1o'a 
8 'a U n iv R u n 
52 
15*4 
11’ a U n vS av 
48 

 x 18 
27+a 
25’ . 
25'?— 
*8 x291 
92+2 
88+? 
89 
6 1o1H 
1o1’ a 1o1’ A— 
'+? 
4 1o4U 
1o4'/. 
1 o 4 'iv 
'A 
131 
2o+? 
19 
2o'3 F 
*8 
68 
4 ’ a 
4’ ? 
4' >— 
'8 
) x5 l l l l l l f 
VA 
23 
S H 
5 H 
S H 
13 
7 
6+8 
7 
5 
4* a 
4’ ? 
4' A— 
H 
2o 
2+8 
T a 
2+8 + 
'» 
2 
I 
I 
I 
+ 
'A 
59 
3*4 
3*8 
3' * ■ 
14 
54 
5+a 
5 
5+8— 
' a 
79 
6*8 
5+8 
6 H + 
'a 
69 
5 
4 *. 
4*4— 
+8 
7 
16+2 
16+4 
16+2— 
'a 
12 
5*8 
SVA 
5 H + 
'A 
19 
U H 
14’ ? 
14+2 + 
U 
48 
4 *. 
4’ 2 
4+?— 
'A 
86 
IO 
9' I 
IO 
184 
IC 3 
1o*8 
1o'a— 
'? 
I x37 
24*8 
23 
23 
— 
Ca 
3 
H 
H 
H . . 
ST 
26* a 
26 
26' a — ' XA 
3726 
8+a 
7*8 
7+8. - 
9 
I I H 
11*8 
11*8— 
'+ . 
4 
I ’ 8 
I 
I 
J 
16*8 
16’ A 
1 6 + 8 - 
+8 
5 
7+8 
7+A 
7 + A - 
+8 
65 
2o 
18+2 
2o 
V 
1*8 
ST 
H a 
C a l ’A — 
' B 
29 
5 
4 H 
5 
+ 
+8 
457 
I I H 
9*4 
IO’ A — I 
35 
4+e 
4 H 
4 'a 
12 
I 
15 16 
I 
+ I 
16 
J 
4 
4 
4 
156 
2oH 
7o+8 
2 o 'i— 
' 'a 
36 
S H 
8 H 
8+2 + 
+8 
? 197 
U H 
12*8 
13+7— 
V? 
6 
6*8 
6+i 
6*8 
3 
16+8 
16H 
1 6 H — 
'A 
13 
3+e 
3*8 
3+a . .. 
2o 
7*4 
7 Vt 
7' 2— 
Va 
4o 
6*4 
6 H 
6*4 - 
<8 
+ 7o3 
5 
4+8 
5 
+ u 
34 
12*8 
IT A 
12H + 
V. 
36 
’ ? 
1 2 
'? 
73 
6+a 
5+a 
5+8— 
*8 
252o 
18*4 
17+A 
18*8 + 
*8 
26o 
14+S 
14 
14’ . + 
' B 
223 
6 
5+8 
S H ­ 
Vt 
45 
H i 
I U 
I H + 
+8 
J 
3*4 
3*4 
3 * 4 - 
+8 
95 
15 
14H 
15 
+ 
U 
8 
19*4 
19+3 
19*. + 
Vi 
1o913 1611 16 
J 
2 H 
2+2 
2 H + 
+8 
183 
3’ a 
3 
3'A — 
+4 
I x66 
4 H 
4’ . 
4' 2. . . 
61 
15 
14+2 
14+2— 
'2 
58 
7+8 
7’ ? 
7+2— 
'A l l 
15+2 
15’ a 
1 5 '.— 
'A 
2o 3 16 
+8 
> 8 -1 
16 tx 169 
3+4 
3 
3+4 + 
H 
134 
6 
5*4 
5 * . 
2o 
1+A 
1+A 
1+A. 
. 
13 
I U 
I U 
I ' 3 . . . 
89 
13+8 
12*4 
1 2 * '.- 
+. 
321 
12 
1o+a 
11’/.— 
+8 z3o 
58’ ? 
58’ ? 
58+? + 
+3 
251 
7+2 
7 H 
7 * 8 - 
'C P 
513 1613 1613 

22 
3+4 
3Va 
3 + 4 - 
'8 
IB 
4 + 2 
4 U 
4 XA— 
I 4 
9 
8 H 
8+A 
8+A— 
'? 
3o 
2’ a 
J 
J 
— 
'A l l 
6+8 
6 H 
6 H — 
+8 
17 
9 
9 
9 
211 
22+3 
21 
22*8— 
' u zlOO 
48 
48 
48 
+ v? 
63 
6*4 
6+4 
6 H + 
' 8 
9 
14 
13*. 
13*4 + 
'A 
668 
6 H 
5+A 
6’ 2— 
' 8 
175115 16 
I U 
H e 
37 
14+a 
13+A 
14 
— 
VA 
72 
2 H 
2+3 
2 H 
19 
2*8 
2+8 
2+8 
4o 
2+s 
2 H 
2 H — 
*8 
J l l l l l l 
+ 
'A 
68 
7 
6 ’ # 
6' 2. . 
I 
296 
3 
2+Y211 16— 5 16 
14 
7’ ? 
7+8 
7 + 2 .. . 
IO 
26 
2 5H 
2 5 * 8 - 
’ 2 
314 
3+a 
3+4 
3 * . + 
' a 
I x 13 
14 V. 
14+s 
14*8— 
+8 
22 
3+2 
3' 2 
3 '? - 
'A 
4o 
2 l+A 
1+A— 
'8 
79 
4 H 
4'A 
4+4 — 
'8 
39o 
5+A 
4+2 
4*4— 
1+8 
524 
IO 
8+4 
IO 
+ 
I U 
99 
5’/. 
4 H 
5+4 + 
V. 
I 
8 ’i 
8*4 
8 '. 
91 
6 H 
6+8 
6+2 + 
H 
21 
9+4 
9 
9 
- 
Va 
258 
*8 
H 
H . 
5 
11V. 
11*4 
11*4 + 
' 8 
9o 
1+2 
1+4 
1+4 — 
Va 
46 
J 
H i 
I V .— v . 
29 
>8 1 1 6 
I 16 
7 
SU 
5’ a 
S'A— 
'A 
8 
3+8 
3+8 
3 + 8 .. . 
25 
S H 
8 'a 
8+4— 
'a 
1777 
15+A 
14+A 
IS '/.— 
XA 
113 
8' ? 
8+8 
8 H . . 
8 i 4 
+4 
'A . . . 
152 
5*8 
4+A 
4 ’A — 
'/. 
27 
3*8 
3+a 
3 H + 
+ 8 
16 
15 
U H 
14+8 + 
H 
X U 
3 2H 
3 Ha 
3 1 * 4 - 
*8 
35 
9 * . 
9 '? 
9 'A — 
VA 
I 
2 + 8 
2 + 8 
2+e. . . 
27 
I U 
1' 2 
I U . . 
153 
H H 
13*4 
14 
74 
IO U 
9 '? 
9 H — 
' u 
21 
IS 'a 
15 v-W -X 

6 7a 
6 
V a lle s S t 
67f 
7 l l 
6’ ? 
6*8 
6 ' 2. 
. 
12'8 
1o+3 V a lm a c 
.7o 
4 
61 
H H l l 
11+2 + 
+ 8 
5'8 
4' ? V a ls p a r 
28 
IO x7 
4 + 8 
4'2 
4+8 + 
*8 
2’ a 
J U 
V a lL D v 
o2e 
4o 
2*8 
2 'i 
2 + 4 
IO *8 
B U 
V an D o m 
5o 
6 
HO 
9 + 8 
9 
9 H — v . 
15 
11*8 V eeco 
32a 
7 
22 
14*8 
13'? 
H U F 
Va 
2*8 
J 
V e n t 
6 
I 
J 
2 
J 
25’ a 
21' 2 V e rm n tA 
.32 
8 
45 
22’.? 
21H 
21*8— 
' . 
9 
4 + 8 V e rn itro n 
14 2492 
9 
8 '. 
9 
+ 
Va 
1*8 
C s 
V e r tip le l l 
I 
I U 
1+8 
I U . .. 
4+8 
3' a V ese ly l l 
5 
3 H 
3+8 
3+8. .. 
4*8 
1*8 V ia te c h 
81 
IS 
3*8 
3 U 
3 H - 
+8 
I 
7 a V tk in g G 
2o15 16 
VA 
+A— I 
16 
2 *. 
V a 
V in ta g e E 
78 
2’ a 
J 
2 H 
6 *. 
SU 
V ire o 
IO 
4 
25 
5 *. 
S U 
5 H + 
Vi 
3*8 
2’ ? V is h a y 
5 
63 
3 VA 
J U 
2 * 4 - 
' 2 
3'8 
2’ ? V is u a lG 
o5r 
6 
43 
J U 
J U 
2*4 F 
' 8 
2’ ? 
2 's 
V ol M e r 
5 
7 
J U 
2 'i 
2’ . 
16 "a 
12 
V o p le x 
72a 
5 
22 
15' 2 
15 
IS H + 
' 8 
4 ' b 
3 
V u lc n C p 
7 
2o 
3 *. 
3 H 
3 *. 
IO U 
8 7s V u lc ln c 
5o 
4 
21 
9 H 
9’ 8 
9 U + 
' 8 
15’ ? 
137b V u lc Inept 
I 
14 
H H 
14 
14 
- 
* . 
3 H 
J U 
W TC 
Inc .1o 
12 
39 
3+4 
3+8 
3'A. 
26’ 1 
19'a 
W U I Inc 
8o 
8 
H I 
23*» 
JJU 
23*8 + u 
13*. 
IO U 
W abash 
25e 
8 
117 
U H 
12'? 
12 ?— 
+ 8 
S H 
6 H 
W a ckn ht 
4o 
8 
271 
S H 
TH 
8 H 
3'a 
2 
W a d elE q 
.1o 
13 
2 H 
2 'i 
2 H + 
*A 
9 ‘ a 
6 'a 
W am oco 
21 
JST 
8' 2 
T U 
8+e. 
. 
23 "a 
2o+8 W alcoN 
5oh 
6 
14 
23' a 
JJU 
23+8 
6' a 
4' a W all aes 
2oe 
IO 
55 
5+s 
SU 
5 '? — 
H 
18' a 
13'a W a n g L b 
12 
12 
168 
1 7 '. 
15 + 8 
16'A— 
H 
17+a 
IC ? 
W ang I B 
W a rd s Co 
.22 l l 
35 
16H 
15*4 
15+8— 
' 2 
4+A 
3 + 8 
4 
18 
4 H 
4 H 
4+8 — 
A 
5+a 
4' 
W arnC p .o5 
18 
478 s A 
4*4— 
' 8 
25'8 
J V i W as Psi 6 
.36 
9 
383 
23+A 
2 3U 
23V. + 
V. 
25’ b 
2 3H 
W R IT 
1.76 
IS 
17 
24*. 
24' a 
24' 2 
5 
3+2 W atsco 
.2o 
12 
14 
4 
3+S 
4 
+ 
XA 
2’ s 
7 'e W ei rn an 
9 
14 
2 H 
2*8 
2+2 . . 
7 
6 
W e ld T u A 
4 
21 
6>. 
6 
, 6 
— 
'A 
47s 
4 
Wet I co 
25 
IO 
19 
4*8 
4V. » 4 H + 
' 8 
2o' a 
19' ? W escoF 
.86 
9 
7 
2o 
19H 
2o . + 
Vi 
9' 2 
T U 
W est Ch P 
.4o 
7 
14 
8 '8 
7+8 
8'A + 
' 8 
8+A 
7 
W s tF in l 
15a 
1o5 
5o 
7’ ? 
7+8 
7 * 8 - 
' a 
B 's 
S U 
W h ip p n y 
W h ita k e r 
.2o 
39 
6 
S'? 
5 '? 
5' 2 + 
'A 
6 '8 
5*8 
4o 
5 
15 
5+2 
5 H 
5 '2 
3 
2'8 
W h ite h a ll t 
41 
2 H 
2 '? 
2 H + 
'A 
H 
'a W h itta k r w t 
551 
U 
*8 
H 
6 'a 
2 * . 
W ic h ita 
17 
85 
4 
3 H 
4 
+ 
*8 
9 
7 Vt W m hous 
36 
8 
31 
7 H 
7 '? 
7 '? — 
+. 
4' 2 
4 
W ilson Br 
.3o 
5 
27 
4*8 
4' a 
4'A— 
' 8 
9 
T H 
W in k lm n 
.4o 
6 
63 
9 
8 *. 
8 * . - 
'A 
2 'b 
I ' a. W in s tn M 
8 
5 
1 *. 
1*4 
1X4 + 
A 
54 
5 1 *. W is p p f 4 5o z5o 
54 
53*4 
53+e + 
A 
2*4 
2'a 
W o lfH B 
36 
IS 
2’ 1 
2' 2 
2+2— 
' 8 
4*8 
3'a 
W ood 
Ind 
29 
3 H 
3+4 
3 V i— 
+8 
9 * . 
6' a W orcstC 
33 
169 
9 * . 
8*4 
9+2 + 
' ? 
12’ s 
1o*8 W o rk W r 
6o 
5 
9 
IO1 ? 
IO U 
IO' 2. 
. 
6’ 2 
4' ? W ra th er 
OSe 
9 
53 
5*4 
5 '? 
5 *. + 
' A 
1+8 
*4 
W r ig h tH 
12 
7o 
I 
+ b 15 16— I 
16 
7 + 2 
5’ s W y le L a b 
.32 
6 
278 
7+4 
6 H 
7 
— 
1. 
12' 2 
IO U 
W ynn In 
.3o 
5 
ST 
IO '? 
IO U 
IO U — 
' 8 
13 + 8 
12'a 
W ym Bn 
56 
8 
6o 
13’ ? 
13+8 
1 3 * 8 - 
A 
IS H 
15 
X on ics l l 

- Y 

78 

- z 

16 
15+8 
1 5+A - 
+ 8 

IO 
8' 
Zero CO 
.36 
6 
41 
V U 
9*8 
9 *8 — 
' a 
TU 
SU 
Z im m e r 
24 
8 
41 
6' 8 
5*4 
5*4— 
*8 

W EE K LY A M ER IC A N STOCK SALES 
T o ta l fo r w eek 
W eek ago 
Y e a r a g o 
........................... 
Jan I to d a t e ................. 
1976 to d ate 
W E E K L Y A M E R IC A N 
T o ta l fo r w eek 
W eek ago 
Y ea r ago .......................... 

. 11,34o,ooo 
13,91o,ooo 
.13,5o9,775 
183,84o,ooo 
233,364,4oo 
B O N D S ALE S 
..................$5,22o,ooo 
$5,7oo,ooo 
$4,819,ooo 

C a sh G ra in 

C H IC A G O (A P ) — W heat w as o o m i n a lly h ig h e r 
F rid a y ; b asis u nch an g ed , c o rn was n o m in a lly h ig h e r; basis un ch an ge d , r a il c a r re c e ip ts 38,291 b ush els, o ats w e re n o m in a lly h ig h e r; b asis lo w e r; soybeans w e re n o m in a lly h ig h e r, basis low r-r , r a il ca r re c e ip ts 46.868 bushels 
T ru c k re c e ip ts w h ea t 22,586 b ush els. c o rn 
1o4,745 b u s h e ls ; soybeans 
67,561 b ushels. 
W heat N o 2 h a rd red w in te r 7 6o*«n; No 
2 so ft re d w in te r 2 6 o '*n 
Corn No 7 yet lo w 2 52'an (h o p p e r) 2 43' an (b o x ). O ats 
No 2 h e a v y I +8n 
Soybeans No I y e llo w 
9 o7' ?n. 
No 2 y e llo w c o rn T h u rs d a y w a s quoted at 2 49*ai (h o p p e r) 2 41V.n (b o x ). 

H O U S TO N (A P ) — S orgh um No. 2 vet 
)«■ e x P?r * 4.19 4 24, ra if d o m e s tic 4 2o 
4.25, tru c k d o m e s tic 4.25 4 3o 
Corn No. 7 y e llo w : e x p o rt 2.66'a 2 68'a 

2 65 2C% meS,iC 
2 9 i 2 97- ,ru c k d o m e s tic 

K A N S A S C IT Y (A P ) — W h e at 136 ca rs up *a to 4+a. No. 2 h a rd 2 57 2 75; No 
: 
7.53 2 96' ?n . No. 2 red w h e a t 2 46 2.57' ?n, 
No. 3 2.44 2.56' ?n. 

S o n A n t o n i o E X P R E S S - N E W S — 
S o h j r d o v A p r i l 2 1 9 7 ? 

W E A K LY IN VE STIN G COM PANIES 
NEW YO RK (A p t - W t4 kly I n S n r 
Companies giving the high, low and las) pri(f*s (or the week with (he net change irom th? previous week's last prTce 
All guotalions. supplied bv the National 
Association ot Securities Dealers 
Inc re tie d net asset values, at which securities could have been sold 
* 
High Low Last 
C.i4 
S I* 
SO* 
' 
^ 
U *4 
PW 
I \7 
I? 91 
8 89 
8 38 
IO SO 
9 n 

 a g e fu n d 
A tornF d n 
Advaninv n 
Aetna Fund 
A elnolncom Shr 
A tutureFdn 
A llstateS tkn 
Alpha F und 
A m B lrth rg h t Tr 
A rnE quity Ed 
A m erican Funds; 
Am Balance 
Ame ap Fund 
A m M ulua l Fd 
BonciFd Am 
CapFd Am 
G row th Fd Am 
Income Fd Am 
In v COA 
NewPorsp Fd 
W ashM utl Inv 
Amor G e n e ra l: 
AGetiCap Bd 
AOenCap Oth 
AGen Income 
AGon Venlure 
E g uity O rth 
FunclOi Am 
P rovident Fd 
A m C rov'tti Fd 
Am Ins& lnd 
Ani Investor n 
A m lnvlnc F d n 
Am Na! Grov/th 
AnchorGroup 
D ailylncom n 
Growth Fund 
Income 
Spectrum 
Fundm Invest 
Washing Na! 
Auda* Fund 
Axc'Houghfon 
Fund B 
Incm Fnd 
Stock Fund 
BLC G row th Fd 
Babson Incom n 
B abscnlnvm fn 
Beacon HI ll M f n 
Beacon Invn 
Berger G ro u p : lOOFund n lOIFund n 
Berkshire Cap atndslock Q j 
B(>s'Found Fd 
Calvin Bullock 
Bullock Fund 
Canadian Fnd 
» 
Dividend Shrs 
M onthly Incm 
Nation W ides 
NY V enture 
CG Fund 
CG Income Fd 
C apProsvFd n 
CenluryShr l r 
Challenger Inv 
Charter Fd Inc 
Chase Or Bos 
Fund 
Frontier Cap 
Sharehold 
Special 
ChpSideOollr n 
Chemical Fund 
C N A M gem lFds 
L ib e rty Fund 
M anhattan Fd 
Schuster Fd 
C olonial: 
Convertible 
Fund 
G rw thS hr 
Income 
Colum bGrth n 
Com w thTr A & 8 
C om w llhTrC 
Composite B&S 
Composite Fd 
ConcordFdn 
Consolidal 'n v 
ConslellnGth n 
C o nlM uilnv n 
CounlryCap In 
DavidaoF undn ileV eghlM ul n 
Delaware Group 
Decatur Inc 
De|,?ware Fd 
Delchesler Bd 
Della Trend 
D irectors Cap 
Dock)Coy Bain 
DodgCxSlk n 
D rcvlB urnhm n 
Dreytus G rp; 
O roylus 
E q uity n 
Leverage 
LiquidAsset n 
Sped Incom n 
T a *E xem pt n 
Third Century 
FaqleG rth Shr 
Ea'on&H ow ard 
Balance Fund 
Foursquaren 
Growth Fund 
Income Fund 
Special Fund 
Slock F und fd ieS plG lh n 
EdsonGld n v 
Egret Fund 
F hun Trusts 
F a irlic ld Fund f a rm B u rM u tn 
I ederated Funds 
Am Leaders 
E m pire Fd 
Fourth E m p lr 
T ax F rep n 
F id e l'tv G roup; 
Bood Deb 
Capital 
C ontralund n 
D a ilylncom n 
Destiny 
E q u ily ln c m n 
M agellan 
Muni Bond n lid e lily 
Puritan 
Salem 
T h rillT ru s t n 
Trend 
Financial P ro g ; 
DynamF d n 
IndusiFd n 
Income Fd n 
Fst Investors: 
Discovery 
F und G row th 
Income 
Stock Fund t slM u lt Am o 
F s lM u llD ly n 
I ortyF our W it n 
FuundGrowth t ounders G roup; 
Growth 
Income 
M utual 
Special 
F ra n klin Group 
Brown F ti 
ONTC 
G row th 
U tilitie s 
Income Slk 
USOovl Sec 
R esrth Capit 
Resrch E quty 
I ra n kln L I E q ty 
FclForM ufD n 
F undpack 
Fund Inc G rp; 
Commerce Fd 
Im pact Fund 
IncTust Trc»nd 
Pilot Fund 
G enEIS& SPrFd 
GenSecunt n 
G row th Ind n 
H am ilton ■ t und HOA 
Growth Fund 
Income 
H a rlw e llC rth n 
H a rtw llL e ve rn 
H eritage Fund 
Holding Trust n 
H orateM ann Fd 
ISI G roup: 
Growth 
Income 
Trust Shares 
Trust Units 
Industry Fund 
Int Investors 
InveslG uiln 
Invst In d icfr n 
Invest Tr Bos 
Inv Counsel 
Capam erica 
Capri Shrs Inc tnvestorsG roup: 
I OSBond 
IDS Growth 
IDS NewDim 
M utual Inc 
Progressive 
T a xE xe irp t 
Sloe* 
Selective 
VariabJoPay 
Invest Research 
Istel Fund Inc 
Ivy F und n 
)P G rowth Fd 
JitnusFund n 
John Hancock 
Balance 
Bond 
Growth lohnstnM ut n 
Kemper F unds 
GrovvthFd 
Income 
M oneyM kt n 
M utiicpBnd 
Sum m ilFd 
Technology 
Tot Return 
Keystone Funds 
Apollo Fund 
Invest Bd B l 
MedGBd B2 
Disc Bd 84 
Incom Fd K I 
G row thFdK 2 
MiCSrComSI 
Incom Stk S2 
Growth S 3 
Lo Pr Coms 4 
Polaris 
Lexington G rp. 
Corp Leaders 
Lexingfn Grth 
Lex mg Incom 
LexingtnRsh 
Lifelns Inv 
Lincoln N a tl; 
Select Amn 
Select Spec n 
Loomis Sayles 
Capital n 
M utual n 
LorcJ Abbelt 
A lfilia te d Fd 
Bond Deb 
Income 
Lutheran Bro 
Fond 
Inc me 
M unicipal 
USGovl Sec 
Massdchusett Co 
Freedom Fd 
Indepeid Fd 
Mass Fd 
Mass Finand ; 
M IT 
M IG 
M ID 
M FD 
MCD 
M F B - 

7 9S 
5 19 
971 
14 88 
6 23 
4 49 
I* 24 
13 *6 
I* o3 
6 98 

8 9* 
4 o6 
* 51 
IO 91 
6.5o 
* 55 
3 9o 
5 U 
4,86 
5 49 
12 32 
275 

1 OO 
* 41 
7 34 
4 54 
6 *4 
9.91 
7 71 

7.8* 
4,96 
5 93 
1o 38 
179 
9.24 
B 36 
9 36 

7.o9 
9 o2 
7 81 
4 81 
9.44 

12 8o 
7.57 
3 o8 
1476 
9 91 
11 o9 
9 49 
8 SO 
1.oo 
1o.5o 
IO. 12 
13.83 

6 21 
3 4o 
7.38 
5 13 l l 38 
7.16 

4.44 
2 52 
7 36 

887 
9 43 
4 67 
8.73 
14 8o 
LOI 
I 49 
8 93 
7 56 
12.17 
WOO 
5 59 
6.44 l l S3 
7.43 
3o 8o 

12.11 l l 13 
9 27 
4,72 
4 o3 
22.11 
15 89 
9 69 

 l l 65 
5.33 
15 o9 
IGOI 
7 23 
15 52 
I? 68 
9 91 

8 37 
8 29 
8 3o 
6 13 
5 94 
9 o2 
16 1/ 
8.75 
1o 68 
14 2o 
9 48 
8 OB 

8 85 
18 86 
17.75 
12.93 

8 6o 
8 3o 
1o 6b 
1.oo 
9 4o 
15.54 
2272 
IO 41 
15 83 
-no 99 
479 
IO 43 
2o 99 

472 
4.31 
7,84 

5 24 
6 32 
8 62 
8 25 
8.o3 
WOO 
15 52 
3 9o 

4 -IO 
12 21 
8.99 
8.57 

3 37 
6 49 
5.25 
4 58 
1.74 
9 75 
2 54 
3,21 
8 18 
7.94 
8.'25 

8 53 
8.14 
1o 57 
8.o7 
25 93 
9 37 
17.19 

4 18 
6 69 
7 65 
1o 8o 
7 IS 
I 32 
I OO 
14.93 

4 59 
3 48 
1o.31 
2.78 
3 o2 
8 36 
8 63 
1 5o 
IO o5 

8.17 
5 97 

5,91 
5.24 
4 53 
8 97 
2 98 
4 93 
18 57 
9 48 
6 28 
5 o1 
19.39 
6,o5 
1o A3 
17 o6 

8.97 
19 34 
5 64 
19,48 

6 88 
IO 83 
I OO 
IO 61 
IO 12 
7 15 
9 82 

3 o9 
17 87 
19 93 
8 37 
7 68 
5 o2 
17 59 
9 4o 
7 SI 
3 58 
3 2o 

14 15 
8.42 
1o 62 
14 91 
6 79 

7 o3 
12 47 

1o.14 
12 86 

8 14 
11 79 
3 51 

14 53 
9.71 
7.o7 
12 83 
8 79 
8 25 
IO 39 
9 67 
4 83 

7 89 
5 35 
9 6o 
14 86 
6 16 
4 43 
15 98 
13 52 
15,93 
6 92 

8 94 
4 o2 
6 49 
1o TO 
6 42 
6.5o 
3 89 
5.38 
4 82 
5 41 
12 o3 
2 72 

I OO 
6 33 
7.31 
4 46 
6 56 
9 81 
7 59 

7 74 
4.96 
5 82 
1o 2o 
I 78 
9.11 
8 25 
9.27 

7 o3 
8 95 
7 73 
4 76 
9 38 

12 64 
7.55 
3.o4 
14 75 
9.85 
11 OO 
9 37 
8,48 
1 OO 
1o.37 
9 96 
13.65 

6.11 
3 37 
7.32 
5 o6 
11 22 
7 o8 

4 4o 
2 47 
7 22 

8 82 
9 36 
4 61 
8 73 
14 62 
.99 
I 48 
8 89 
7.45 
12.o7 
9 87 
5 47 
6 IO 
II 39 
7.36 
3o 34 

12 o2 
II o4 
9.'26 
4 66 
3 97 
21 9o 
15.68 
9 59 

11,51 
5 24 
14 89 
1o OI 
7.2o 
15 51 
12.55 
9 83 

8 25 
8.17 
o.18 
6 o2 
583 
3.88 
16 o2 
8.56 
1o 56 
14 o3 
9 37 
7.96 

8 74 
18 68 
IT 59 
12.92 

8 78 
8.13 
1o 55 
I OO 
9 '26 
15 41 
22 36 
IO 41 
IS 68 
1o.91 
4.74 
IO 42 
2o 7o 

4.67 
4.28 
7 72 

5 16 
14 61 f 
9 82 - 
7 13 
12 83 
8 84 
8 3 o - 
1o.45-* 
9 ,73 ‘ 
4 8 7 - 

7 93 
5 3 5 - .17 
9.6o- 
14 87 
6 2 1 - 
4 46 - 
15 98 
13 62 
16 o1 
6 96 

8 95 - 
4 o 4 - 
6 5o ■ 
IO 7 9- 
6 47 - 
6 54-t 
3 9o- 
5 44 ♦ 
4 8 6 - 
5 47 - 
12 o 3 - 
2 7 4 - 

1 OO 
6 37 - 
7 34 ‘ 
4 49 - 
6 62 ♦ 
9.9o * 
7 6 6 - 

7.74 - .12 
4 96 
5 86 
OS 
IO 24 
o4 
I 79* .OI 
9.17 - .o5 
8.31 
. 
9 3 3 - .OI 

7,o7- 
9 .o2 t 
7.78 
4.79 
9 3 9 - 
OS 

12 74 
o3 
7.57-I- .o2 
3.o6 
14,76*- ,o2 
9 89 ‘ 
.o2 
11o6- .o3 
9 42 - .o4 
8.sot .o3 
I OO 
. 
1o 4 2 - .17 
1o o2 - .o7 
13.71- .16 

* 2o * 
3.4o 
7 .38 t 
5 13 * 
11.32— 
7.11 - 

4 43 
. 
2 4 9 - .o2 
7.3(F- .o6 

8 87 
9 43 t 
465 * 
8 73-E 
14 7 4 - 
.9 9 - 
1.48- 
8.91 t 
7 .4 9 - 

.o3 
OI 
OI 
.o4 
.OI 
OI 
.OI 
.OI 
12 12 - .o5 
WOO 
.. 
5 52 - .o6 
6 4o-- ,o5 ll 49 F .OS 
/ 42 * .o2 
3 o .54- .o6 

12.o9 
1113* .o5 
9 2 7 - ,18 
472 * .o3 
3 .9 7 - ,o7 
21 9 3 - .o4 
IS 7 4 - .13 
9 69 * 
o5 

11.61 - .OI 
5 28 - .o3 
15 o 5 - .o3 
1o.o1 , 
. 
7 2 o - OI 
15.52 - OI 
12.59 - .o9 
9.9o* .o6 

8 2 5 - .IO 
8 .2 2 - .o8 
8 2 3 - .o7 
6 .o 2 - IO 
5 8 8 - .o9 
8 88 - ,1o 
16 o 4 - .25 
6 ,6 7 - .OI 
IO 6 4 - .o2 
14.15— .OI 
9 46 * .o2 
8 o3— OI 

8.78 - .o5 
18.74- . ll 
17.7o- OS 
12 93 

8 8o * .o2 
8.19— ,o7 
1o.61 - OI 
I OO . . . 
9 34........ 
15.45- .o7 
22 5 4 - .12 
1o 4 1 - OI 
15.79 * 
1o.98 * 
4.78 
IO 42 
2o.87 - .OI 

5,o6 
6 23 
8 52 
8 18 
7 97 
IO OO 
15 21 
3.88 

4 33 
12 o8 
8 87 
8 51 

3 33 
6 45 
5.17 
4 55 
1,74 
9 59 
2 SO 
3.18 e o6 
7.83 
8.12 

8 45 
6 o6 
1o.45 
7 93 
25 57 
9 29 
16.99 

4 13 
664 
7 61 
1o 64 
7 OI 
1 31 
1.oo 
14,72 

4 52 
3 47 
IO 26 
2 77 
2 99 
8 22 
8 57 
1 49 
9 93 

 a 15 
5 88 

5 9o 
5.18 
4 45 
8.92 
2 93 
4.91 
18 36 
9 45 
6.18 
4 95 
19.o8 
5 95 
1o.27 
16 88 

8.93 
19 JO 
5 53 
19 22 

6 81 
1o 81 
I OO 
IO 6o 
IO OO 
7 o6 
9.77 

3 84 
17 78 
19.34 
8 36 
7 65 
4 97 
17 38 
9 29 
7.43 
3 53 
3 16 

14 OO 
8 32 
1o 55 
14 8o 
6 72 

6 91 
12 33 

9 99 
12 75 

8 o6 
11 26 
3 48 

4 7 1 - 
4 3o 
7 74— 

5 .1 o - .13 
6 28 - ,o5 
8 5 2 - .13 
8 24 * .o2 
8 .o o - .o4 
WOO 
15 4 5 - .22 
3 8 8 - .o3 

4 37 - 
12.18- 
8 95 * ,o3 
8 .5 7 - .o6 

3 36 
6 4 8 - o2 
5 7 o - .o2 
4 58 * .o4 
I 7 4 - OI 
9 59 - .13 
2. SIF- .o9 
3 2o * 
OI 
8 13 * 
7 8 7 - 
8 2o— 

8 53 * 
8. 1o- 
1o.52* 
8.o6 
25.76- .IO 
9 3 5 - .o3 
17.o4- .13 

4.16— .o4 
6 69 
7 6 5 - .o6 
1o 78 - .o9 
7.18 * .o3 
I 32 
1.oo 
14 91 + 
o7 

4 5 7 - 
3 4 8 - 
ID 2 8 - 
2 7 7 - 
3 o o - 
6 2 2 - 
8 6 2 - .o6 
I 5 o - OI 
1o o2 * .o3 

8 .1 7 - 
5 9 3 - 

5.91 * 
5.21 - 
4 49— ,o5 
8 .9 7 - ,1o 
2 96 - OI 
4.93 * 
o2 
18 5 o - .OI 
9 48 * .o3 
6 2 2 - .o4 
5 OI ‘ 
.o2 
19.21- .o2 
6 OI 
1o.37- .o2 
16 95— .16 

8,97 ‘ 
19 34 * 
5 5 9 - 
19.36— 

 a there Fnd n 
ML Cap 
MLRdyA? n 
Mid An>er 
M onevM kMqt n 
MONY Fund 
MSP Fund n 
M utual Benefit 
•MI F Fund 
M IFG row th 
■Mutualol Omaha 
Am erica 
Growth 
Income 
MutoalShrsn 
NEAA/utunl n lf I indostn 
Na! Secor Ser 
Balanced 
Bond 
Dividend 
Growth 
Preferred 
Income 
Stock 
N E LifeFond- i 
Equity 
Growth 
Income 
Side 
Neuberqer B e rm : 
Energyn 
G uardianM n 
Partnorsn 
N eow irlhFd n 
NewW rldFd n 
Newton Fund n 
Newton Inv Fdn 
NicholasFdinn 
NomuraCapFU 
NOreasMnv n 
NuveenFd 
Omega Fund 
OneW illtam n 
Oppenheimer Fd 
ODpenhm Fd 
Opp Inc Bos 
Mony Br n 
TaxFrecB dn 
A IM n 
Time 
OverCbunt Sec 
P a ra m lM u lo a l. 
Paul Revere 
PennSquarc n 
Penn M utual n 
Phila Fund 
PhoenixCapFd 
Phoenix Fd 
P ilg rim G rp . 
W lgrirn Form 
P ilgrim Fd 
MagnaCap n 
Magna Incom 
PineSlrcHtln 
Pioneer Fund 
Fund ll 
Planned Invest 
Pliqrow th Fnd 
Plifrend Fnd 
Price Funds. 
Growth Ed n 
Incomen 
NowEra n 
NewHorUn n 
Ta»Ereen 
Prop undn 
Provider G rth 
Pro SIP 
Putnam Funds; 
Convert 
Equit 
George 
Growth 
Income 
Invest 
Tax Exem pt 
Vista 
Voyage 
RainbowFdn 
Reserve Fd n 
RevereFundn 
SatecoEquitFd 
Safeco Growth 
Si Paul Cap 
SI Paul Gwth 
Sc udder Funds: 
Incomcn 
IntlFund n 
M Muni Bd n 
Special n 
CommonSt n 
ManageRes n 
Security Funds 
Equity 
Invest 
U ltra 
Serlinel G roup. 
Ape* Fund 
Balanced r d 
Common Stk 
Sentinel G row th 
Sentry F und 
Shari'holder^ O ft: 
Comstock Fd 
Enterprise Fd 
Fletcher Fd 
Harbor Fund 
Legal List 
Pace bund 
Shearson Funds: 
Appreciation 
Income 
Invest 
SierraG lh n 
ShrmnDcan n 
Siq^^Tia F unds: 
Capital 
Invest 
TrustSh 
Venlure Shr 
S m thB arE qln 
Sm lhB arl& G n 
SoGen Int 
Southwstn Inv 
Soothwnlnv Gth 
Sovereign Inv 
SpectraFdn blate BoncJGr: 
Common Fd 
D iversified F 
Progress Fd 
Stat Farm Gth n 
Stat Farm Bal n stalest Inv 
Steadman Funds 
Am erind n 
Asse F Trust n 
Invest n 
Oceanogra n 
Stein Roe Fds: 
Balance n 
CdpOpn 
Sloe kit 
Surveyor Fd 
Tempe h Can 
Tcm pln /F d n 
Transam Cap 
Transam Invest 
Travelers EqFd 
TudorHedqe n 
2othCenlGlh n 
TOthCentlnc n 
USAACapGlhn 
US AA Inc Fd n 
USGovl Secor 
U n ilM u lu a ln 

o t i ­ ll 26- 
3 51 * 

9 33 
1o.13 
9.86 

8 o8 
7 o9 
IO 51 

1o 53 
8 34 
14.51 
11 81 
12 91 
TS. T i 

9 15 
IO. IT 
9 85 

8 o2 
6 99 
1o 44 

1o 27 
8 17 
14 27 
11 54 
12 71 
15 68 

13 U 
12.9o 
T OD 
5.18 
I OO 
9 IO 
13 94 
8 93 
8 58 
3.78 

11.77 
3 98 
9 33 
28 33 
8 OS 
1o 79 

9 47 
4 65 
4 13 
5.45 
7 64 
5 43 
8.18 

16.77 
8 69 
14 o4 
13 o9 

14 46 
27 86 
9 27 
8.12 
1o 75 
11.23 
9 91 
13 83 
9 52 
14 84 
9.61 
1o 31 
13 52 

6.2o 
8.55 
I no 
1o 32 
9 19 
7 OI 
12 33 
8.64 
5.86 
7 99 
3 64 
6 97 
7.98 
9 49 

12 66 
8 OS 
3 39 
9 14 
1o 97 

13 9o 
15 24 
11.37 
1o.94 
7.86 

9.99 
1o o7 to 86 
6 81 
IO 18 
5.92 
7.57 
9 4o 

11.73 
9 63 
13 55 
1o.24 
8 OS 
7 33 
23 92 
9 87 
II 65 
1.86 
1.oo 
5 4o 
884 
8.72 
8 o2 
7,11 

14 59 
13 o5 
1o.24 
22 78 
9 22 
1o o4 

3.87 
7.32 
9 4o 

3.48 
7.88 
12.13 
8 OI 
11 78 

5.78 
5 28 
5,18 
8.53 
6.52 
1o o6 

16.49 
18 61 
IO 16 
8.79 
19.58 

8 46 
1o.24 
o 65 
IO 16 
9.75 
12.51 
1o 84 
7 9o 
4.71 
11 85 
4 58 

4 24 
4.88 
3.79 
5 87 
9 43 
42 26 

2.25 
1.o8 
1 4o 
6,15 

17,46 
8 56 
12.14 
8 62 
12 o9 
I OO 
7 18 
9 32 
1o o3 
13 38 
3 95 
5 69 
7 5o 
11 83 
9.76 
8 31 

13 OO 
12,68 
I OC 
5 13 
1.oo 
8 93 
13 76 
8 85 
8 48 
3,73 

II 61 
3 92 
9 21 
28 ll 
7 9o 
IO 62 

OI 

13 o 9 - 
12 77 - 
I OO 
5 ifr 
I OO 
8 99 - 
o6 
13 8 4 - OI 
8'H )* .o1 
8 56 * .o3 
3.74— .o2 

 l l 62 - 
3 95- 
9 26-- 
28 3 3 - 
7.97* 
1o.73— 

9 23 
4 54 
4o4 
5.37 
7.59 
5 39 
8.12 

16 55 
8 61 
14 o4 
12.94 

14 31 
27 6o 
9.17 
8,oo 
1o 52 
11 12 
9 8o 
13 71 
9 44 
14 81 
9 59 
1o.15 
13 3o 

6.13 
8.53 
I OO 
1o 3o 
9 o8 
6 91 
12 3o 
8.54 
5.83 
7.92 
3 AO 
6.91 
7.89 
9,43 

12.51 
8 oo 
3 35 
9 13 
1o 87 

9 29— ,13 
4 5 4 - .11 
4 o5— .o8 
5 4o - .o3 
7 61........ 
5.41 - .OI 
8 16 
... 

16 68 a 66 * 
14 o4 
.OI 
OI 
13,o3- .o6 

Chicago Options 

185* - 
6754- 
26'« t 
13' 7 - 
63'n*- 
68'« * 
26 
+ 
43 
- 
51 
J a 
3o’ a+ I ’ 7 
23»sE Pa 
49': 
48*4 E 
A1''7* 
18’ a * 
264A-- 
32*a— 
278 
* 

F riday, 
A p r. 
Option & price 
Apr 
6 'j 
Jul 
O d 
Close 
Alcoa 
5o 
71* a 
56+4 
Alcoa 
6o 
I 16 
1’ # a 
56'* 
Am TH 
55 
8'# a b 
63 # 
Am T pl 
AO 
V t 
3+x 
4 
63’ (I 
Am Ti-I 
65 
I 16 
' / l l 16 
63'# 
A ll R 
SO 
2'# 
4’ # 
5 '. 
53*4 
A ll R 
6o 
I 16 
' 7 
1’ # 
52 >k 
Avon 
4o 
7',# 
71# b 
47’ a 
Avon 
45 
2+b 
3’ 7 
4'# 
47’ # 
Avon 
.5o 
’ # 
I l'« 
47'# 
BankAm 
TO 
S’ # 
5’ * b 
25’ * 
Bant. Am 
25 
’ # 
1’ » i»# 
25’ k 
Bank Am 
3o 
I 16 
3 16 
'•4 
25'* 
Beth S 
35 
I ’ / 
2’ * 
35'# 
Beth S 
4o 
I 16 
5 16 
J4 
35+# 
B rin s 
15 
I l'7 llS 16 
15"# 
B runs 
7o a 
3 .16 
7 16 
1 5 'r 
Burl N 
4o 
5’ * 
5'# 
6 ’* 
44'# 
Burl N 
45 
5 16 
I ' . 
3 
44+s 
B o ri N so a 
’ / 
13 16 
44'# flurrq h 
6o b 
4+* 
6’ 7 
61’ 7 
B u rrq h 
7o a l l 16 
2+# 
61’ / 

OVER THE 
COUNTER 

O uotqtions from the MASO ore re p ro se n tg tive In tc r deolec p ric e s os of od proxim otelv. ; D rn in fe r deoter m o rke ls change throughout the dov. P rlto t do not include re ta il m ork up. m ork down or commission 
A p ril I, 1977 

13.57 
15.17 l l 3o 
IO 82 
7.8o 

9 85 
1o o3 
1o.73 
6 75 
1o 16 
5 86 
7 48 
9 26 

11 65 
9 47 
13 44 
W 13 
8.o5 
7.22 
23 89 
9 TO 
11 47 
I.84 
1,oo 
5.32 
8 8o 
8 64 
7.91 
7.o2 

14,51 
12 94 
1o 23 
22 51 
9 l l 
1oo3 

3 83 
7.18 
9.2o 

3 41 
7 83 
12 OI 
7 94 
II.59 

5 73 
5 22 
5.13 
8 49 
6 47 
9 99 

16.18 
18 48 
1o o2 
8 67 
18.73 

8 37 
1o.15 
8 61 
1o o4 
9 64 
12 44 
1o 75 
7.8o 
4 67 
11 74 
4 51 

4 19 
4.o4 
3 77 
5 82 
9 37 
41.52 

2.23 
I o8 
1,38 
6.12 

17.24 
8.47 
11.95 
8.51 
11 97 
I OO 
7.o8 
9.27 
9 89 
13.24 

14.42 * 
OI 
27.78 t .o3 
9 23 - .o3 
8 o7 . . . 
1o 6C- l l 
11.19 E .o4 
9 89 * ,o2 
13 7 7 - .16 
9 44 - .o3 
14 8 1 - .o2 
9 6o * 
OI 
1o 23- 
.o6 
13 4 1 - .o5 

6.17 - OI 
8,54— .OI 
1.oo 
. 
1o 32 f .o2 
9 14 - .o4 
6 97 - 
IO 
12 3 o- .o3 
8.61 * 
o4 
5 86 
7,93— ,o3 
3 6 4 - .OI 
6 97 F .o4 
7 95 * .o2 
9 49 E .o8 

12.57- .1o 
8.o5- .o4 
3 3 8 - 
OI 
9 1 4 - .o2 
1o 92— .o4 

13.57- .31 
15.24- .o5 
11.33- .o6 
1o.93 
.o3 
7.86*- ,o5 

NEW YORK (A P ) — Week's A m erican lead-'rs. 
Y early 
High 
Low 
4 
2'a 
7'4 
9-» 
17’ ^ 
4'a 
421b 

I4 'b 
13' 4 
? 4 'b 
9 
6o'a 
22' / 
6'a 
23’ a 
I'J 

16 
4’ b 
14*4 
4a 

Champ Ho 
StangeCo 
Asamera O 
SyntP.xCorp 
V ernitron 
HouOllM 
M cIntosh 
Fed Resrcs 
A u S lrs lO il 
G oldtield CP 

Week's 
Sale 
373.oW) 
372.6oo 
315.7oo 
252.ooo 
. 
249.2oo 
241,1oo 
233.3oo 
22o 4oo 
192.ooo 
183,8oo 

High 
Low 
3'4 
8*4 
12’ V 
18*'4 
9 
47'? 
W B 
6' 8 
23’ a 
I' J 

2 ' 
74s 
111b 
17’ 8 
8'4 
45 B 
1 7 ' 4 
544 
21H 
I 

Last Chg 
2’ a - h 
7’ s.......... u s a * 
S'S 
18’ b * 
4b 
9 
* 
’ a 
46'4 * 
'J 
184b * 
6' B * 
' 8 
22 
- 
'a 
I 
- 
'a 
Averages 

9 91— .o4 
IO o7 * 
.o4 
1o 79 
.o7 
6,77- .o6 
1o IBE 
OI 
5 91 * 
OI 
7 .5 4 - .o2 
9 3 4 - o2 

11 6 9 - .o3 
9 5 3 - o9 
13.51- .o2 
1o.2o- .o4 
8.o5 . . 
7 28— .o3 
23.92 * .o3 
9 76— .o9 
11.57- ,o9 
1.86+ .o3 
1,oo , 
5 37— .o4 
8.84* .OI 
8 6 8 - o7 
7.97— .o3 
7 o7— .o3 

14 5 9* .o8 
13 o4 * .o6 
1o.24 * .OI 
22.7o— .21 
9,2o 
1o.o4 * 

3 86 * 
7.22 - 
9 33- 

3 4 5 - OI 
7 87 * .o2 
12 o9 * .o3 
7 9 9 - .OI 
1 1 7 2 - OI 

5 7 7 - 
5 .2 5 - 
5 .1 8 - 
8 52 + 
6 5o 
IO o6— .o8 

16 26— 
18 
18 61 * 
IO 
IO IO— OI 
3.7 5 + .OI 
18 73— 1.35 

8 42 - .o3 
1o.19* 
OI 
8 65+ .OI 
WOS— .18 
9 74— OI 
12 5o* .o5 
IO 81— .o4 
7 .8 5 - .o4 
4 7 o - ,o1 
1182* .o2 
4 55 + .o3 

4 2 2 - .OI 
4.88* .OI 
3 7 7 - .o3 
5.87 * .OI 
9 3 9 - .OI 
41 97— .14 

2 .25 * 
I o8. 
I 4o * 
6.14 + 

.o2 

17.34- ,o7 
8 5 o - .o5 
12 o 4 - ,o6 
8 5 5 - .o5 
12 o 3 - .o2 
I OO 
7.12 
9 29 * 
OI 
9 99— .o3 
13 3 8 - .o4 
3 86^ 3 .9 1 - ,o4 
5 61 
5 6 5 - .OI 
7 43— .o5 
11.83* .o6 
9 76 * .o3 
8.28* .o2 

7.38 l l 77 
9 74 
8 23 
Uni fund unavail 
Union SVC G rp: 
Broads! Inv l l 76 l l 59 
11.65— 
N allnvest 
6 15 
6.o3 
6 o 9 - 
Union Capitol 
1o.71 
1o 56 
1o 6 6 - 
Union Inc Fd 
12 63 
12 56 
12 6 o - 
United F un ds: 
A ic u m u lllv 
6 25 
6.18 
6 21 - 
Bond 
7.37 
7 33 
7 .37 * 
Cont Growth 
8 85 
8 77 
8 82 - 
Cont Income 
9 36 
9,32 
9 36 * 
Income 
1o o5 
9 97 
1o.o2 
Science 
5 44 
5 35 
5 39 - 
Vanguard 
5 o2 
4 94 
5 oo— 
UnilSvcsFcin 
I 6o 
I 57 
1.57— 
•Value Line Fd: 
Value Line 
6 91 
6 81 
6 83— 
Income 
5 14 
5 o9 
5 13* 
; Levrqed O rth 
9.2o 
8.97 
9 1 1 - 
Sped Sit 
4.11 
4 o6 
4.1o. 
Vance S anders; 
Income 
13 6o 
13.37 
13 3 7 - 
Invest 
7,1o 
7 o6 
7 1o + 
Common 
6.19 
6.13 
6 .1 7 - 
Special 
7.9o 
7 81 
7 8 5 - 
V andrbltO thn 
3 77 
3.74 
3 76 + 

WHAT TH E STOCK M A R K E T DID 
Two 
ThisPrev. Year Years weekweehago ago 
Advances 
782 533 
736 
478 
Declined 
1oo4 13o2 
Unch anqed 
299 264 
Total issues 
2o85 2o99 
New yearly highs 
88 175 
Now yearly lows 
379 3o3 
W E E K LY SALES 
ThlsWeek 

1o76 
252 
2o64 
145 
46 

1327 
2o2 
2oo7 
153 
34 

NY Sloe KS 
NY Bonds 
Am erican Stocks . 
Am erican Bonds 
Midwest Stocks. 

ThlsWeek 
AY earAgo 
86,11o,ooo 86.538,45o 
$86,45o,ooo $98,178,ooo 
.11,34o,ooo 13,5o9,775 
$5,22o,ooo $4,819,ooo 
, . 4.775,ooo 4,575.ooo 

Weekly Num ber et Traded Issues 
N Y Stocks 
2o85 
N Y Bonds 
1556 
Am erican Stocks 
1124 
Am erican Bonds 
116 

NEW YO RK (A P ) - Dow Jones range of prices tor the week ended OO. 
STOCK AVERAG ES 
Open 
H igh Low C lose Cha. 
Indus 
926.11 932 
o1 919 13 927.36 - I 5o 
Trans 
225.3T 226 
24 222 97 223.61 —2 68 
U tils 
1o5 32 1o6 88 1o5 32 1o6 88 * 1 66 
65 Stks 3o5.oo 3o6 69 3o3.24 3o5.46 —o 34 
BOND AVER AG ES 
TO Bonds 91 o5 
91 OS 
9o,75 
9o 84 —o 29 
U tils 
96.28 
96.28 
95.83 
95 86 —o.5o 
Indus 
85 83 
85.83 
85.57 
85.83 —o.o7 
CO M M O DITY FU TU R ES IN O E X 
425 64 425 64 41o.35 415.58 * 9 22 

NEW YO RK 
(AP? - Standard and 
.Poor's W eekly 5oo Stock Index 
High 
Low 
Close 
Ch 
4oo Indust 
11o 83 
1o9 35 
2o Trans 
14.11 
13.89 
4o U flls 
52 26 
51 74 
4o Financial l l 45 l l 27 
5oo Stocks 
99 69 
98.42 

 n o 29+ o.1: 
13 9 5 -o l l 
52.26+o.66 
11.32-o.17 
99.21 +o.15 

NEW YORK (A P ) - The follow ing list shows tho New 
York Stock Exchange stocks and w a rrants that have gone up the most and down the most in the past week based on percent of change regardtessof volum e blo securities trading below $2 arc Inc! uded 
Net and percentagechangesarethc difierence between last week’ s closing price and this week's closing price 
UPS nam e 
L a st 
Chg 
P ct. 
Uni Tel WI 
2 'b 
Babcok Wit 
4o 
Seatrain Lin 
1o*8 
Am M otors 
4** 
Interctl D iv 
8 >b 
Sterchl Bro 
9*8 
Sonesla 
3ti> 
Westgh El 
ISH 
BTMIg Inv 
2' ? 
Int M ining 
19 
Basic Inc pf 
43++ 
Bk Month 
25+4 
S torerBrd 
27'4 
Rohr Ind 
6*4 
C haseM Tr 
2+4 
Wash G asLt 
23+b 
Sparton Cp 
1 1 'j 
Phila Blee 
1o'# 
Basic Inc 
19'4 
Reich Chem 
19+b 
Un Nuclear 
37'4 
Adams Drg 
3 
ChesapkVa 
31'3 
Emp 4.75pf 
6 
Purex Corp 
18 
DOWNS 
Name 
Last 
Benguel B 
2' b 
SeabWid A ir 
2+4 
Am tel Inc 
6 
FSI Pa M ig 
2 
Superior OII 
188' ? 
Copper Rqe 
1914 
O klaG E pl 
IO' 3 
8 
Coleco 
Ind 
6 
9 
E lix ir Ind 
6’ a 
1o 
Fleelw En! 
12'3 
11 
Unit M S M 
IO’ # 
12 
AAC Lean Tr 
2o'3 
13 
Cooper Lab 
IO’ # 
14 
F rlg itro n c 
2 I'4 
15 
N a lT e a 
4 
16 
Avery Inter 
2o+# 
17 
Smith Int 
34 
18 
C hrom ally 
16 
19 
EIM em M g 
41# 
Pac Tin 
12 
21 
GlfRes pfA 
27'4 
22 
PioneerEI 
14'# 
23 
Nalco Chem 
28+4 
24 
Beker Ind 
25 
Clark Oil 

Ups and Downs 

Chg 

. 53^ 
► P b 

I 
+ # 
I'# 
' 4 
I"# 
4 ' 4 
2'3 
2+8 
+8 
'4 
2'b 
I 
1+8 
1+8 
1+8 
3'8 
'4 
2+8 
' 3 
) ' 3 

Chg 

Up 
Up 
Up 
Up 
Up 
Up 
Up 
Up 
Up 
Up 
Up 
Up up up 
Up 
Up 
Up 
Up 
Up 
Up 
Up 
Up 
Up 
Up 
Up 

4).7 
16.8 
15 a 
11,8 
11.7 
II 6 n .5 
11.2 
I I I 
1o 9 
1o.8 
1o 8 
1o.7 
1o.2 
1o.C 
1o.C 
9.5 
9 4 
9 2 
9.2 
9 2 
9 I 
9 1 
9.1 
9.1 

NEW YORK (A P ) - The follow ing list shows the Am erican Stock 
Exchange stocks and v/arranfs thai have gone up 
'he most and down the most in the past week based on percent of change regardlessct volume 
No securities trading below $7 are Incl uded. Net and percentagechangesarethc difference between last week's closing price and this week's closing price. 
UPS nam e 
Last 
Chg 
Pct 
1 
Tenna Corp 
3'4 
+ 
+8 
Up 23 8 
2 
Capeharf Cp 
2' b 
+ 
+8 
Up 21 4 
3 
Susquetian 
5 
+ 
'a 
Up 21.2 
4 
RUSCO Ind 
2''4 
+ 
+'# 
Up 2o C 
5 
Unim ax Grp IO 
+ 1+8 
Up 19 4 
6 
Nuclear Oat 12 
* I's 
Up 18 5 
7 
M etro G rig 
2*8 
+ 
*8 
Up 16.7 
8 
Wadell Eg 
2+b 
+ 
+b 
Up 16 7 
9 
Clark Cons 
2+4 
+ 
+8 
Up 15.8 
1o 
Int Proteins 
6+8 
+ 
''s 
Up 15.2 
11 
Hudson Gen 
5+4 
+ 
+4 
Up ISC 
12 
Reeves Tel 
2’ a 
+ 
+s 
Up 15 C 
13 
Leath Co 
11+b 
+ V'3 
Up 
14.8 
14 
SeasonAII 
2o+« 
+ 2+8 
Up 14 8 
15 
Solitron 
2' b 
+ 
'4 
Up 13.3 
16 
Bertea Corp 
6' 2 
+ 
+4 
Up 13 C 
17 
A lfa m llC p 
6+8 
+ 
+'4 
Up 
12.6, 
IS 
G ouldlnv Tr 
5'3 
+ 
+8 
Up 12.f 
19 
OynaCp Am 
5+8 
+ 
+8 
Up 12 5 
2o 
Ragan Brad 
7's 
+ 
'# 
Up 12.5 
21 
Gent E xplor 14 
+ T 7 
Up 
12 C 
22 
AtlasCM B 
4+4 
+ 
'3 
Up 118 
23 
Banner Ind 
7'a 
+ 
+4 
Up 11.8 
24 
Cisco Inc 
2+8 
+ 
'4 
Up l l 8 
25 
AshldOCan 
IO'# 
* I ’ # 
Up 
11.5 

- 2 1 ' 3 
- 2'# 
- I'# 

Pc) 
Oft 2o.7 
Off 12 c 
Off l l I 
Oft l l I 
Oft 1o.2 

+8 
+8 
I'4 
1 
2 
I 

16'# 

Oft 
Oft 
Oft 
O ft 
Oft 
Oft 
O tf 
Oft 
O ft 
Oft 
Oft 
Off 
Off 
Off 
Off 
Off 
Off 
Oft 
Oft 
Oft 
Dollar 

- 2 
- 
+# 
- I'# 
- 3 
- 1 + B 
- 
3# 
- I 
- 
2 ' 4 
- I'# 
- 2’ 4 
- i# 
- I'.. 

Name 
U V lnd WI 
Johnson Pd 
Visttay Intr) 
Burns Intl 
K itM fq Co 
Treadwy Co 
ElecAud Dy 
Champ Ho 
A rm in Cp 
Ecodyne 
Tubes Mex 211 16 

IU'# 
DOWNS 
Last 
4 + 4 
6 '# 
— 
2+4 
— 
8+4 
- 
5'4 
- 
2+8 
3+4 
2'b 
5'# 
IS'# 

I'# 

Chg 
■ I'# 
I 'a 

- 
<7 
- 
>B 
- 
+8 
- 
1+4 
- 5 16 
- 
+8 
- 
'4 
- I ’ 3 
- 
+B 
- 
'3 
- 
1 ' 4 
- 
1 ' 3 
- 
+8 
— I 
- 
+8 
- 
'-4 
_ 
I 4 

Pct 
O ft 19 I 
O ff 17 7 
O ft 15 4 
Oft 12 5 
O ft 12 5 
O ft 12 5 
Oft l l 6 
OH It s 
O ft 1o 9 
Otf 1o.4 
O ft IO 4 
O ff 1o 2 
O ff IOO 
Of) IOO 
Oft 1o.o 
O ft IOO 
O ft 
9.3 

Borrgh 
C itlcp 
Citlcp 
C itic p 
Della 
Dona 
Delta 
Dig Eg 
Dig Eg 
Dig Eg 
Diq Eg 
Dig Eg 
D g Eg 
Disney 
(Disney 
Disney 
Disney 
Disney 
Disney 
Dow Ch 
Dow Ch 
Dow Ch du Pm do Pnt du Pnl 
Eas Kd 
Bas Kd 
Ea*. Kd 
Eas Kd 
Exxon 
Exxon 
Exxon 
Exxon 
F N M 
F N M 
Fluor 
'Fluor 
Fluor 
Ford 
Ford 
Gen El 
Gen El 
G M 
G M 
G M 
GI WSI 
GI WSI 
GI WSI 
G it Wn 
G it Wn 
Halbtn 
* 
Hat btu 
■ 
Halbtn 
Homstk 
Horn slk 
Homstk 
Horn bt k 
HOU OM 
HOO GM 
HOU OM 
HOU OM 
HOU OM 
HOU OM 
N A 
I N A 
B M 
I B M 
In Her 
In Hor 
In Mar 
In M in 
In M in 
In M in 
In Pap 
In Pap 
T T 
T T 
T T 
John J 
John J 
Keno C 
Kenn C 
Kenn C 
K err M 
Kerr M 
Kresqe 
Kresge 
K resge 
Loews , 
Loews 
Loews 
M i C)on 
M c Don 
Mc Don 
Mc Don 
M erck 
M e rck 
M e rc k 
AAorril 
M e rrll 
M M M 
M M M 

8o 
25 
3o 
35 
3o 
35 
4o 
4o 
45 
46+a 
5o 
53'8 
6o 
35 
38'a 
4o 
4 3 ' 4 
45 
48 ' V 
35 
4o 
45 
12o 
13o 

 b 
7 16 

'a 
+8 
4 b 
+ 4 
)>3 
3 16 
5 16 
I"# 29 16 
+8 IS 16 a 
+k 
5' a 
6'a 
2'4 
3'3 
1+s b 
*'4 ) 1 1 16 

 a 
I 16 
'a 29 16 

 a 
3 16 

I 16 
6+8 

3+4 
I 

9+4 
4' 

61'3 
28’ # 
28+-a 
28 B 
3o'4 
3o'-4 
3o’ 4 
43 
43 
43 
43 
43 
43 
35'a 
35'# 
35'a 
35'# 
35'a 
35'a 
38 
38 
38 
12'4 126':- 
6'4 126’ / 

3+a b 
1*3 b 
+8 b 
4+a 
1+4 

O ft 
Oft 
Oft 
OH o tf 
O ft 
O ft 
Oft 

NEW YOEK 
NEW YORK (A P ) - T h e follow ing is a list OI the most active stocks based on me dollar volume. 
The total is based on the median price 
JI the slock traded m u ltip lie d by the shares traded 
Name 
Tot($1ooo) Sal es (bds) Last 
I B M ...................................$125,o184489 278 
Gen M otors 
$6o,836 
8963 67+/* 
East Kodak 
, 
$45,188 
6561 68'a 
-duPont 
, 
. 
$42,938 
3371 126'7 
Am TT 
$42,5o6 
6oo1 63'a 
Exxon 
......... 
$31,991 
6335 51 
B u r r q h s ........................ $31,983x5169 
61'3 
D igital Eg 
. 
$27,342 
6396 
43 
G enElec 
. 
$27,o8o 
5457 
49'3 
XeroxCp 
$25,45o 
533o 48>4 

W allac Sam 
5' 3 
Compo Dyn 
2' 4 
Cook Ind 
13' 3 
KaneM ill w f 
3'# 
Rossmoor 
4' 3 
FoodwyNtl 
12'# 
M a rk C lrl 
15'4 
IMC Mag 
6+8 
Strum Well 
IO'4 
L ig h lo lie r 
6' 3 
Hotm 
Ind 
2+8 
Reading Ind 
2+a 
F la g s ta ff 
4 
System Eng 
5+a 

 l e a d e r s 

AMERICAN 
NEW YO RK (A P ) -T h e follow ing is a list of the most active stocks based on the ciollar volum e 
The total is based on the median price of tho stock traded m ultip lie d by the shares traded. 
Name 
ToKSIOOO) Sales(hds)Lasl 
HooOilM 
.................. 
$11,181 
2411 46'4 
Kewanee In 
. 
$6,o6o 
15o1 4o' 3 
Syntex Corp 
$4,599 
252o 18+b 
Austral O d.................... 
$4,368 
192o 22 
M cIn to sh 
$4 199 
2333 
18+8 
Asamera O 
$3 74ox3157 
H+s 
StanqeCo 
. 
$2,887 
3726 
7"e 
Falcon Sbd 
$2,745 
633 43 
US F ille r 
..................... $2,732 
1777 15'-4 
SCE7 58 of 
$2,633 *291 
89 

MO 
I 16 
I 
2H 
126’ , 
7o 
"# 
3+# 
5’ # 
68'# 
8o 
I 16 
H U I 16 
68"# 
9o 
I 16 
’ 8 
’ 2 
68'b 
IOO 
I 16 b b 
68'# 
45 
6 
5+k b 
SI 
.5o IS 16 23 16 
2'# 
SI 
55 a 
’ / l l 16 
51 
6o a 
I 16 a 
51 
15 
+* 
I 13 16 
15+k 
2o a 
I 16 
’ # 
15+k 
3o a 
4’ 7 b 
34+# 
35 
+# 19 16 
2+» 
34+8 
4o a 
7 16 
'a 
34-# 
5o 
5’ * 
5+k 
6+k 
55’ k 
6o 
I 16 
"a 
I "a 
S5’ k 
5o 
’ ',113 16213 16 
49’ , 
55 
I 16 
IS 16 
4 9 ', 
6o 
7 "a b b 
67+/* 
7o 
’ *111 16 
2+k 
67+'* 
SO 
I 16 
’ * 
H 
67+* 
IS 
8’ * 
8+» b 
23 
2o 
3’ k 
3"# 
4’* 
23 
25 
I 16 
'# 
IS 16 
23 
.15 
I 16 
7 16 
+* 
13’ , 
2o 
I 16 
'# 
'# 
13’ , 
SO 
5'# 
7 a 
56’* 
6o 
’ # 
I'k 
2’ k 
56' I 
.7o a a 
'J 
56’ 4 
3o 
11 + 4 a b 
41H 
35 
6+4 
7+a a 
41H 
4o 
2 
3H 
4'# 
41H 
45 b 17 16 
2+# 
41H 
3o 
16+# a b 
46'* 
.35 
11’ a 
12’ B b 
46’ k 
4o 
6+8 
8’ # b 
46’ k 
45 21 16 
4H 
6+# 
46’ k 
SO 
5 14 
2+b 
3"# 
46<* 
6o 
I 16 
'J 
1H 
46'* 
4o 
1+k a 
3+8 
41+8 
.« a 
+4 
I'/k 
41H 
26o 
18’ / 
24 
28"# 278 
28o 21 16 
9+8 
14'/, 27o 
25 
8+» 
BH b 
33H 
3o 
3+k 
4’ k 
4+4 
33H 
35 a 
I 
1H 
33+8 
35 
6 
6’'# a 
4o+# 
4o in s 16213 16 
4oH 
. .45 b 
15 16 
4oH 
5o 
A ', 
7H a 
56’ k 
6o 
I 16 13 16 a 
56’k 
25 
7 b b 
32’ # 
...3o 
2’ #211 16 
3’ k 
32’# 
35 
I 16 
+ # 
'# 
32’ # 
7o 
+# 
2’ 7 
3H 
67H 
8o a a 
+'k 
67H 
25 
3’ # 
3"# 
4+* 
28’ # 
3o 
1J 
1’ # 
1+k 
28'# 
. 
35 
I 16 
3 16 
'J 
28’ a 
7o 
I 16 
I ’ a 
2+8 
63 
8o a 
I 16 
J# 
63 
. 3o b 
3+k 
4H 
32'# 
35 
'a 
15 16 
I'a 
32'# 
4o 
I 16 a 
7 16 
32'a 
3o 
3’ k 
4 
4H 
33’ k 
35 
'# 
15 16 
2 
33’ 4 
. 
4o a 
5 16 l l 16 
33’ k 
4o b 
3 
4 
41 
5o 
I 16 
3 16 
9 16 
41 
.6o aI 
I 16 b 
41 

A lam o Savings 
Bld 
I ' 
Asked 
IS . 
Am er Fdrs 
15 
16' 
Ammest 
3+* 
4 
Am er. Sec LD 
3 * 
4 
B cxof Co Bk 
34 
— 
C ofelerlot Inc 
18 
19 
Comm Prop 
4' ■ 
5’ * 
Cullen 
14* 
IS-. 
OataDomt 
22 
22’ * 
Dorchester Gas 
IO : 
IO’# 
El Paso Eiec 
I I'# 
I V j 
Fores) OII 
18 
18# 
Frank 
22'# 
22' 2 
Ft Som Bk Shal es 
32 
34 
Frost Bk 
2o’ / 
22' 1 
G ulf Energy 
IV , 
12' k 
Handy Don 
13 
14 
Henry S. M ille r 
9 
IO 
Kelly Field NII 
2o 
21’ / 
M ere of Tx Comm 
25 a 
25’ 
M ere of TX Ptd 
64 
65 
M erchants 
18 * 
19 < 
NBC Of Tex 
36' . 
38 . 
O lvm plo B rew 
23'k 
21 
Peninsula 
14 * 
15 
Plato 
7 
I 
Pogo 
12 k 
13 
Shop Comm 
2' 
3' I 
Shop Ptd 
9 / 
— 
Slgmor 
12'# 
12 ». 
Sfwort & Stvnson 
12', 
13 t 
Texos Intl A ir 
4'* 
■I ll 
Tipperary 
19 . 
IV-* 
Transport Lit 
6 '* 
6''f : 
W eatherford Intl l r # 
12'., ■ 
Winns 
22’ , 
23' - 

Amex 
Options 

Metali 

Treasury Bonds 

NEW YO RK (A P ) — O ver the Counter 
U S, Governm ent T reasury bonds, weekly high, low and closing asked prices, the net change from the previous week's closing asked price and yield 
Rate M a tu rity High Low 
LastChgYlold 
6' 3M ar 77n IOO.) IOO I IOO.) ........ 2 62 
7+BApr 77n IOO 8 IOO 7 1oo.7 — .1 
4 o7 
6 'a M a y 77n IOO 9 1oo 8 1oo 8 - .1 
9 
M ay 77n IOO. 181oo, 161oo 16 
.3 
6+-4M8y 77n 1oo.111oo.111oo.11 
6 '3Ju n77n 1oo,161oo 151oo.16+ .1 
7 '3 JuI 77n 1oo 311oo.3o1oo,3o— .1 
7J'4Aog 77n 
1o1,51o1.5 1o15 ........ 
8 'jA u q 77n 1o1.141o1 131o1.13— .I 
8+aSep 77n 1o1.231o1.231o1.23 .. 
7' 3oct 
77n IDI 141o1.141o1.14 
7+'4Nov 
77n IQI 211o1.2o1o1.21 + I 
6+»Nov 77n 1o1.11oo 3o1o1 1 * 
3 
7'4D ec77n1o1 171o1 151o1 17 + ,2 
6+,Jan 78n IOO 291oo.271oo.29 * .2 
6>4Feb78n IOO 261oo 241oo.26+ .2 
8 
Feb 
78n 1o2 121o2.1o1o2 12. 
. 
6++.Mar78n IQI 111o1.9 1o1.11— .8 
6' Apr 78n IDI 4 1o1 I 1o1.4 * .3 
;'B M a y7 8 n 1o1.741o1.211o1 24 + ,3 
7'sM av78n 1o3.151o2 1 5 )o 2 .1 7 - .3o 5 5o 
7'8M ny78n 1o1.251o1 221o1.25+ .2 
5.51 
6'»Ju n 78n IQI 171o1.131o1.17+ .3 
6’ bJuI 78n IQI 181o1 141o1 18 + .3 
7'*BAuq 78n 1o2 161o1 51o2.16 + .2 
8+4Aog 7Bn 1o4 
1o3.291o3.31 + 2 
6'aAuQ 78n IO' 181o1.51o1.18 + .13 5 69 
6'4Sep 
78n 
1o1.231oo 2o1o1.23 + 1 3 
5.74 

NEW YORK (A P ) — Spot nonferrous m etal prices F rida y: 
Copper 74+» cents a pound. U S. destl m a tio rs. lead 31 cents a pound, zinc 37 ants a pound, delivered, tin $4 8865 a pound. New Y o rk, gold $148 3o per troy ixjnce. New Y o rk. silver $4 845 per troy ounce. New 
Y ork, quicksilver 
$174 (XI nom inal per fla sk. New Y ork 
NEW YO RK (A P ) — Pittsburgh scrap clee! No I heavy was quoted Friday by 
Iron Aye af $76 OO 77 OO 

4.48 
4.3o 
4 4o 
4.3o 
4.5o 
4 so 
4 65 
4.76 
4 91 
4 97 
5.o1 
5.11 
5 24 
5.28 
5 27 
5.34 
5 4o 
5 48 

5 58 
5 63 
5.7o 
5.69 

NEW YORK (A P ) prices (W holesale): 

A lum inum .Ib.N Y 
Antim ony, Am erican 

— Spot com m odil 
Prev. Yea 
Toda^ 
A^^o 

I 78 
I 78 
I 6o 
Copper, E le ctro lytic 
74+b 
74+8 
Gold, troy oz N Y 148 3o 
148 9o 
S ilver, troy oz N Y 4 845 
4 79o 

63+b 
129.25 
4 ISO 
31 
21 

213 92 
155 OO 
13o OO 

9o 83 
4.48o3 
37 
.31 

45 
5o 
6o 
7o 
2o 
25 
SO 
6o 

I 16 IS 16 b 
6'fl 
7+8 
I 16 13 16 23 16 a 
I 16 
7 16 
+8 
I 16 
I ’ # 
3 

1+8 

4' J l l 16 

41 
56'# 
56'# 
56' a 
18'* 
18' + 
5o+8 
5o+b 

VandrbHlncm n 
'V anguard G roup: 
Explorer Fnd n 
F'jilndex n 
Ives! Fund n 
M organ End n 
TrusteesEqn 
W ellesleyn 
W ellinqtonn 
W cstm inBdn 
Windsor Fnd n 
Varied Indus! 
WallSt G row th 
W eingrlnEq n 
W ifStfii+dOrwlh 
Wisconsin Incm n —No load I und 

3.81 
3.78 
3.81 * 

18.46 
13 7o 
7,54 
11 o4 
8.96 
12 13 
9.72 
9 65 
1o 17 
3 43 
6.19 
IO 78 
7.o9 
5 28 

18.28 
13 49 
7 44 
IO 89 
8 83 
I) 91 
9 64 
96o lo os 
3 39 
6.16 
1o 69 
6 98 
5 25 

18 29 +.o5 
13 6o-- l l 
7 48 - o4 
1o 9 4 - ,o7 
8 8 6 - .o4 
11 9 3 - .21 
9 6 7 - .o5 
9 61 - .o5 
1o l l — .o2 
3 4 1 - .o2 
6.19 + .o3 
1o 78 * .o2 
7 .o 4 - .o6 
5 78 

6 o 8 - .o3 
IO 83 * .o2 
I OO . 
IO 61 + 
OI 
1o.12— .o2 
7 1 2 - .o2 
9 .8 2 - .o) 

3 8 7 - .o4 
17.78 - o9 
19.34- .43 
837 
7 6 6 - 
o2 
SOO- o3 
17 53 + .o3 
9 2 9 - .o9 
7 47 - .o6 
3 5 7 - .o2 
3 1 8 - .o4 

14 o o - 
13 
o 4o - .o9 
1o 42 * .o7 
14.9o t .o3 
6.74— .o7 

6 94 - .o7 
12 4o— Os 

1o o7 - o7 
12 82 
. 

1o.44 
1o.31 
1o 3 6 - o5 

9 1 5 - .16 
1o 13* 
OI 
9 86 + .o2 

8 o6+ .o2 
7 o7 
1o 4 9 * .OI 

IO 36- .12 
8 2 5 - o6 
14 3 1 - .2o 
1165- .o9 
12 8 2 - .19 
15 72+ .o5 

A M A R IL LO 
Tex (AP) — Texas Panhandle and West 
I'm Oklahoma feedlot report: 
Trade opened m oderate throughout the 
Panhandle area early Friday 
Slaughter steers and heifers steady. AAosf feedlots reported good interest and in q u iry w ith several buyers in the teedyards late in me day. Sales on 35oo slaughter steers, 
41oo slaughter heifers. 
All live ca ttle prices based on net weights lob the teedlot atter 4 percent shrink 
Slaughler steers 2 loads choice 2 3 1125 lbs J8 SO 
Good and m ostly choice 7o 85 percent choice 2 4 1o25 USO lbs 37.75 38.25. 
Mixed gooiJ and choice 2 4 1o25 115o lbs 
36 '>o 37.5o 
3 
Loads m ixed good and choice 2 3 9oo tbs 36 OO. 
Slaughler heifers 2 loads choice 2 3 95o lbs 37 WI Good and m ostly choice 2 4 85o 
975 lbs 35 5o 36 25. M ixed good and choice 
2 4 85o 975 lbs 35.oo 35.5o. 

W eekly Group Averages 
NEW YORK (A P ) - The follow ing list gives the w eekly average net change tor the common stocks traded in each group: 
Aerospace.A irc ra ft 
* '# 
Air Transport 
................................. — U 
Auto. Truck 
.............. 
.... 
Auto Parts & Accessories 
Banks Savings 8. Loan 
Beverage Sot( Drinks 
Brewing, D istillin g 
Building 
. 
. .......... 
Chemicals 
................................. 
Comm unication 
.......... 
Conglomerates, D iversified 
Containers, Packaging .............. 
Drugs. M edical Supplies 
Electronics. E lectric Products f mance 
..................................... 
Foods. C o m m o d ifie s ............... .. 
.Food M arke ts & V e n d o rs ............ 
Gold, Silver 
..................... 
Hotels. M otels, Tourism 
........... 
House Furnishings 
................... 
Insurance 
Inveslm enl C om panies................ 
Macbme Tools & Accessories 
M achinery 
.................. 
Metal F a b ric a tin g ......................... 
Mining (non m e la n ic) 
............ 
Motor Transport & Leasing 
Non lerroos M etals 
. 
Office Equipm ent 8. Services 
Paper, Pulp 
....................... 
Petroleum 
................. ............. 
Photo Products & Services 
Precision Instrum ents, Watches 
Printing. P ublishing 
Railroads R ail Equipm ent 
Real Esta'e 
Rexreation Leisure 
Restaur ants 
Retail Trade 
Rubber, Tires 
Shipping, Shipbuilding 
............. 
Shoes. Leather Products 
Soaps, Cosmetics, Toiletries 
Steel, Iron 
............... 
Textiles, A p p a re l......................... 
Tobacco 
U tilities E le c tric ............................ 
L'hlities G a s ............................... 

Chicago Grain 

CHICAGO (A P ) — Soybean futures ad vanced the allow able lim it of 3o cents a bushel on the Chicago Board of Trade f Dday as old crop soybean futures set new highs tor the season 
The lim it move was posted only in the 
July option, most active ly traded in the pit. Soybean m eal closed w ith a gain of 
$9 a ton and oil futures rose 75 points, or 
'J cent a pound 
Several meal and oil contracK set new season highs 
The demand tor com m odities in the 
•ovbean co'tipiex strongly influenced buy inq of wheat, corn, oafs and iced bro ile r tulures 
W heat was up I** w ith corn, while oats gained 2'3 cents. Iced broiler prices rose I cen) a pound in very active trade. 
The belief thai soybean stocks m ay d ry up before the next crop Is harvested starting in 
September gained more converts, it appeared, as a wldz m ixture of buyers flooded pits in the soybean complex. Prices moved 2S cents higher in beans then retreated under pro fit taking and trade then settled into a range en about 6 cents W itt' about one m inute to 
CJO, the July option hit the lim it 
China's purchase of 2oG.ooo m etric tons of soybeans for delivery before Septem ber was a m a jo r factor in the demand 
Soybean crush figures for last week and exports this season also figured in the buying 
G rain futures had been weak tor two days because of ra in fa ll over m arginal areas in the central portion of the country, bul the strong demand tor other com modities brought buyers into grains 
Trade was considerably lighter in wheat, corn end oats but prices ended on firm levels. 
A! the close, soybeans were 7' 3 to 3C cents a bushel higher, M ay 9 23; wheal was unchanged to 1*4 higher, M ay 2 73, corn was I to I+4 higher. May 2.53 and oats weije 2 lo 2' 3 higher, M ay I 68. 

Open 
H ig h L o w C lo se P re v 
W HEAT (Loco bu) 
May 2 74'3 2 75 
2 73 
2 73 
2 73 
Jul 
2 82 
2 82 
2 8o'* 2 
81 
2.79+4 
Sep 
2 9o 
2 9o 
2 87 
2 88 
2 86'3 
Dec 
2 99 
2 99'4 2 97 
„^.98 
2 96'4 
M ar 
3 o8'3 3 o8'3 3.o6 
3 o7'4 3.o5'3 
May 
3.12'J 3 14 
3.12'3 3.13 
3.11* 
CORN (5.ooo bu) 
2 54 
2 57*4 2.53 
2 52 
2 61 
2 59 
2 S9'4 
2 58 
2 63'? 2 61'3 2 62'3 
2 61 
2 68' 
3 2 64' 
2 71 
2 74 

May 
2 53 
Jul 
2 6o 
Sop 
2 62+ 
Dec 
2 66 
M ar 
2 72 
2 74 
May 
2.75 
2 76 
OATS (5,ooo bu) 
May 
I 66'3 I 68'3 I 66'J lul 
I 6o 
I 67 
I 6o 
Sup 
I 56*4 I 58'4 I 56+4 
Dec 
I 6o 
I 62 
I 6o 
M ar 
163 
I 63'3 1.63 
SOYBEANS (5,ooo bu) 

2 65’ ; 
2.71 
2 75 

2 63+4 
2 69+4 
2 73'4 

 unch 
- ''a 
— ' a 

 unch 
- '• unch 
, - 1% unch 
. - '■# unch 
. — '« 
. - 5# 
+ >'4 unch 
. - '4 unch 
I* 

 unch unch 
— 1'4 

 unch 

I 68 
I 61 
I 58 
I 61 
1,63' 

I 65'3 
I 59 
1.55'3’ 
I 58 
16) 

May 
Jul 
Aug 
Sep 
NOV 
Jan 
M ar 
May 
S 
May 
Jul 
Aug 
Sep 
Oct 
Dec 
Jan 
Mar 
May 

9 12 
9 IS 
9 12 
8 'I 
7.31 
7 3o 
7 37 
7 39 

9 23 
9 o8 
9 26'4 9 ll 
9 17 
9 o6 
8 15*4 8 o6 
7 33' ; 7 .26'3 7 31 
7 36 
7 3o 
7 31 
7 4o 
7 35 
7 39 
7 41 
7 38 
7 41 

9 23 
8 95 
9 26'4 8 98 
917 
8 9o 
8 12 

SOYBEAN O IL (6o,ooo lbs) 
28 8o 
29 15 
29 25 
28 6o 
27.5o 
26 9o 
26.95 
26 75 
26 7o 

29 IO 
29 25 
79 3o 
78 75 
27 SO 
27 OO 
26 95 
26 8o 
26 7o 

28 6o 
28 8o 
28 85 
28 3o 
27 OO 
26 55 
26 45 
26 45 
26 4o 

28 9o 
29 o5 
29 o5 
28 SO 
27 3o 
26 75 
26 SS 
26 5o 
26 4o 

May 
Jut 
Aug 
Sep 
Oct 
Dec 
Jan 
M ar 
May 

SOYBEAN M E A L I IOO tons) 

7 96+4 
7 .22' 3 
7 26 
7 3)'3 
7 33> 3 

28 3o 
'28.4o 
28 35 
27 9o 
26 85 
26 4o 
26 25 
26 2o 
26 o5 

The Market In Brief 

MY Stock h c tia n je Issues 

 fnMay. 
A pril I 

Vo1UM( 

NY S t iRdei 
53 Sd ♦o 41 

S t P ioRip 
89 21 ♦o29 

Dow lodes Ind 
922 38 

/Annsan 
7o a 
7’ / 
8 
75'/k 
Mon san 
BO 
' B r-8 
3 
75’ k 
AAonsan 
9o a 
5 16 
H 
75’ k 
N C R 
3o 
6’ # 
7 b 
37 
N C R 
35 
2 
3’ k 
4 
37 
N C R 
4o 
I 16 
I 
1+* 
37 
Nw A ir 
25 
I 16 
+* 
I ’ , 
23’ k 
Nw A ir 
3o 
I 16 
’ # 
+# 
23’ k 
Penn, 
3o113 16 29 16 
3’', 
31H 
Penn, 
35 
I 16 
I ’ k 
3)»# 
Pepsi 
7o 
2 
4’# a 
7)3* 
Pepsi 
Polar 
8o a 
I 
1"» 
71+* 
3o 
4H 
SH 
6+# 
34'-, 
Polar 
35 
H 25 16 
3+8 
34’ , 
Polar 
4o 
I 16 l l 16 
I ’ J 
3 4 ', 
R C A 
2o 
8+'* a b 
28+k 
R C A 
25 
3+* 
4’ # 
4H 
28+/* 
R C A 
3o 
'# 
I 
19 16 
28+* 
Sears 
6o 13 16 
3’ * 
4H 
6o"# 
Sears 
7o 
I 16 
’ # l l 16 
6o/B 
Sperry 
35 
I 
2’* 
3H 
35+/* 
Sperry • 
4o a 
’ / 
I ’ * 
35'k 
S|3errv 
15 a 
’/# b 
35+'* 
Syntex 
2o 
15 16 
V , 
18+f 
Synlex 
25 
1 16 
'# 
18+s 
Tandy 
3o 
6' 9 b b 
36’ 4 
Tandy 
. 
35 
1+8 
2H 
3+k 
36''k 
Tandy 
4o 
I 16 l l 16 
1H 
36’ * 
Tandy 
. . .45 a a 
9 16 
36'k 
Teldyn 
53+8 
5 a 
8+8 
58H 
Teldyn 
55 b 
5’ , 
7+k 
58+1 
Teldyn 
58'* 
Vs 
3H a 
58+B 
Teldyn 
6o b 
2H 
4H 
58+b 
Teldyn 
68 
I 16 
+ * 
1"# 
58+a 
T eldyn 
7o b 
7 16 17 16 
58+# 
Tesoro 
IO 
3+8 
3’ , b 
13+b 
Tesoro 
15 
I 16 
+1 
H 
131# 
Tex In 
8o 
5’ k 
8’ , 
9+* 
85’* 
Tex In 
9o 
5 16 
3’ # 
4'# 
85’ * 
Tex In 
IOO a l l 16 
2'k 
85’ * 
Tex In 
HO a 
’ » b 
85’ * 
U pjohn 
U piohn 
'W cyerh 

35 
9 161)1 16 27 16 
34'g 
4o a 
5 16 
"# 
34'# 
4o 
17 16 25 16 
3 9 '* 
Weyerh 
45 a 
’ * 
+/* 
39'* 
Xerox 
45 b 
5 
6'# 
48’ * 
Xerox 
5o 
5 16 21 16 
3’* 
48'* 
Xerox 
6o 
I 16 
'* 
»/* 
48’ * 
May 
Aug 
NOV 
A E P 
TO a 
4 
4 
23'a 
A F P 
25 
•a 
’ * 
+S 
23"# 
Am HOS 
25 
)'» 
2’ # 
2+# 
25+. 
Am HOS 
3o. 
'a . 
' , 
"a 
25+'* 
A M P 
JO 
’ # 
H a 
25’ , 
Bally 
2o 
9 a 
IO 
28+k 
Bally 
25 
4 ’ # 
5+# 
6+8 
28'k 
Bally 
3o '15 16 
2+1 
3+k 
28+# 
Baxter 
.3o 
3 
3+k a 
3 2 ', 
Baxter 
35 
+# 17 16 
2 
3 2 ', 
Baxter 
4o 
I 16 a 
+* 
32’., 
Blk Ok 
IS 
1+k 
I'# 
2’ k 
16+# 
Blk Ok 
2o 
I 16 
5 16 
H 
16’ # 
B lk Ok 
25 
I 16 b b 
16 + 8 
Boeing 
35 
8+# 
8 ', b 
43’ / 
Boeing 
4o 
3+k 
4’ , 
5+» 
43’ , 
Boeing 
Bois C 
45 11)16 
I'a 
2+* 
43’ , 
25 
7’ * a a 
32'# 
Bois C 
3o 
2+* 
3’ # 
4 
32’'* 
Bois C 
35 
5 16 13 16 17 16 
32’ * 
C B S 
SO 
8'# a 
8’ , 
57** 
C B S 
6o 
. l l . 
2+# 
57+* 
Coke 
7o 
7 ', 
8+8 a 
77’ , 
Coke 
8o l l 16 
2'/k 
3H 
7 7 ', 
Colgat 
25 
9 16 
I 
V , 
25'# 
Colgat 
3o 
I 16 
'# 
1,4 
25’ # 
Cmw Ed 
25 
4<# a a 
29+8 
Cmw Ed 
3o 
’* 
3,4 
29+b 
C Data 
.2 o 
2+1 
3’ k 
3 ". 
21+* 
C Data 
. .25 
’/* 
+k 
I ’ * 
21+'* 
On Dyn 
SO 
7 ', 
8+k a 
57' 
Gn Dyn 
. 6o 
I '* 
2'# 
4 '* 
57’ , 
GE Ut 
.3o'/ l l ’ / b b 
49' . 
GE Ut 
46'# 
4<# 
4+* b 
49’ , 
GE Ut 
53"# 
'* 
I b 
49' V 
Gen Fd 
25 a 
6+k b 
3 1 ', 
Gen Fd 
3o r * I a a 
31' , 
Gen Fd 
35 
<I a 
9 16 
3 1 ', 
Hewlet 
7o 
S’ # 
6>* a 
74+8 

5'aO cl 
78n 1oo 4 IOO 
1oo 4 + .4 
5 79 
NOV 78n 1oo,91oo.5 1oo.9 + .5 
5 o1 
5+4NOV 78n 99 29 9 9 24 99.29 + .5 
5 81 
S 'iD c c 
78n 
99 
98.26 99 
+ .6 
5.86 
8 '#Dec 78n 1o3 221o3 171o3.21 + .4 
5 88 
S'aJan 79n 99 31 99 25 99 31+ .7 
5.89 
Feb 79n TOT 291o1 241o1 29 + .6 
5 91 
5'eF eb 79n 99,28 99.22 99 28+ .6 
5 95 
M a r 79n 1oo,2 
99.271oo.1 . . . . 
5.99 
7''#M ay79n1o3 2o1o3 161o3.19+ .3 
6 o4 
7 '4 ju n 79n 1o3.141o3.11)o3.14+ .4 
6.o8 
6 '4A uq 79n IOO 61oo 3 1oo.5 + .1 
6 17 
' Aug 79n TOI 161o1.121o1 16 * 3 
6 18 
8’ /Sep 79nIo5 8 1o5 3 1o5.7 + ,4 
6 21 
6'4N ov 79n 1oo 2 
99 281oo 1 + .5 
6 24 
6+aNov 79n 1oo.261oo.241oo 28 + .5 
6.26 
NOV 79n 1o1 231o1 161o1.22 + .6 
6 29 
7>'3Dec79n 1o2 
311o2 
281o2 31 + .3 6.3o 
4 
Feb 8o 
94 16 94 
12 94 16 + .2 6 17 
6 '7 F eb8on 1oo 151oo 
9 IOO 13+ .5 6.34 
7 '/M a r son 1o3 2 1o3 
1 1o3.2 * .1 6 36 
6’ 8May8on1o1 151o1 6 1o1.15+ .5 
6.35 
7'aJun son 1o3 121o3 6 1o3 l l * .3 6.46 
9 
Aug eon 1o7 161o7 111o7 14 * 6 
6.5o 
6’ #Scp son 1o1 2 1oo.291o1 2 + .4 .6.53 
3 '3 N ov 8o 
91 14 91 12 91.14 + .4 6 18 
5'aDec son 97.21 97.14 97.19 * 
4 6 61 
7 
Feb a in 1o1 7 IDI 2 IQI 7 + .5 6 64 
7»BFeb Sin 1o2 111o2 6 1o2 IO * .2 6 69 
6 '# M a r8 1 n IOO 181oo.8 IOO 16+ .4 
6.74, 
7+#May81n 1o2 111o2 6 1o2.1o * .4 
6.72 
7 
Aug 81 
1o2.121o2 51o2 12+ 
1o 6 36 

Foreign Exchange 

NEW YO RK (A P )-F o re ig n fcxc+.ange. 
New York prices. 
Fgn.currency 
D ollar In 

255 oo 
259 4o 254 5o 258 5o 25o.oo 
259 OO 
263 OO 258 OO 262 OO 253 oo 
258 OO 
26o,oo 256 OO 259 OO 251 OO 
229 oo 
233.oo 229 oo 232 5o 226 5o 
2o1 OO 
2o3 OO 2oo SO 2o2 5o 199 OO 
195 5o 
198 OO 194 5o 196 5o 194 OO 
"197 OO 
197 OO 195.oo 195 OO 193 OO 
198 oo 
198 5o 197,5o 198 oo 195 5o 
198 oo 199.oo 198 OO 199.oo 196.oo 

Cotton 

NEW YORK (A P ) — Cotton futures No. 
2 were h'gher in m idday trad ing 
The average price (or s trict low m id . dung l l 16 inch spot cotton advanced 48 points lo 75 25 cents a pound Thursday tor the IO leading m arkets, according to the New Y ork Cotton Exchange 
M idday prices were $3 9o lo $4.5o a bale higher than the previous close. M ay 79.68, 
Jul 79.51 and O d 75.15. 

NEW YO RK (A P ) 
- 'a 
— 
C otton 
No. 
2 tu 
+ ’ * tores F rida y on the New 
Y ork 
Cotton 
. unch 
E xchange 
— ’ * 
Open 
Hla^h 
COTTON, No. 2 (Tio, 
Low 
Close 
P rey. 
— '# 
OOO lbs) 
— ’ 8 
May 
79 4o 
8o 25 
79.35 
79 8o 
78.9o 
+ J* jut 
79 8o 
79 95 
79,2o 
79 8o 
78 68 
F '# 
Dc) 
74 9o 
75.4o 
74 35 
75.1o 
74.25 unch 
Dec 
7o SO 
7o .7o 
7o.22 
7o 4o 
69 95 
— ' a 
Mar 
7o.6o 
7o 9o 
7o 6o b71 OS 
7o.3o 
. +- ’ « 
May 
— - 
— - 
— b7l o5 
7o 6o unch 
Jul 
— 
----- 
--- b71 o5 
• 7o.6o k ’ # 
Sales; 4,5oo. unch a asked, b b'd. n nom inal. 

 in dollars tan. currency 
Frl. 
Thu. 
Fri. 
Tho. 
Argentina 
oo3oo3 oo3oo3 
333.oo 33o.oo 
A u stralia 
I 1o4o I 1o45 
9o57 
.9o53 
Austria 
o591 
o591 
16 92 
16 9? 
Belgium 
.o273 
.o273 
36 58 
36 58 c Brazil 
o77o 
o77o 
VZ 98 
12.98 
B ritain 
I 7196 I 72o2 
58)5 
5813 
3odaytul 
I 7136 1.7146 
5835 
5837 
<Oclaytui 
I 7o76 I 7o51 
5856 
5845 
9odayfuf 
I 7o24 1,7o29 
5874 
.5872 
Canada 
9595 
.9473 
I o531 1.o556 
Chile 
o562 
o562 
17 77 
17 77 
Colombia 
o285 
.o285 
35 o8 
35 o8 
Denmark 
17o5 
17o9 
5 8525 5 8495 
Egypt 
I 56 
I S6 
641o 
641o 
Ecuador 
o4oo 
.o4oo 
25 OO 
25 OO 
France 
2o12 
TOH 
4 969o 4 972o 
Greece 
o274 
.o274 
36 49 
36 49 
Holland 
4o32 
.4o16 
2.48oo 2 49oo 
HongKong 
2157 
21S8 
4.634o 2 6325 
Iran 
o14oo 
o14oo 
71.1o 
71 IO 
Israel 
.1o61 
1o6) 
9 425o 9 425o 
Italy 
oo1127 oo1127 
887 IO 887.4o 
Japan 
.o33624 oo36o4 
27 4 9o 277, .45 
Jordan 
332o . 332o 
3 o12o 3 o12o 
.K uw .’it 
3467 
3.467 
28853 
28853 
'L Pbanon 
33o3 
3297 
3 o3oo 3 o325 
M exico 
.o44o 
o442 
22 66 
22 6o 
Norw ay 
.19o5 
.19o9 
5 249o 5 2375 
Peru 
o134 
o134 
74.(6 
74 24 
Philippines 
1361 
1351 
7.4o19 7 4o19 
Portugal 
o259 
o259 
38 6o 
38 57 
SaudiArab 
2829 
.7829 
3 5347 3 534/ 
So A frica 
I 1525 I 1525 
8676 
8676 
Spain 
,o145 
.o145 
68 7o 
68 65 
Sweden 
.2378 
2381 
4.2o45 4.1998 
Switzerland 
.3951 
3931 
2 531o 2.5435, 
JOdayfut. 
.3957 
.3938 
2.5271 2.5493 
, 6odaytut. 
3965 
3945 
2 522o 2 5348 
9odaytut. 
3972 
3951 
2 516o 2 531o 
Uruguay 
2341 
2341 
4 2716 4 2716 
Venezuela 
2328 
2328 
4 2955 4 2955 
W .Germ any 
4199 
.4184 
2 3815 2 3897 
SOdayfuf. 
42o2 
.4166 
2.3798 2.3889 fiOrtaytut 
42o7 
.419o 
2 3769 7 3866 
9odaytut. 
42o9 
4192 
2 3/58 2 3354 
Source Bank of A m erica. New York. 

BO 13 16 
9o 
I 16 
1o113 16 
15 
I 16 

2+4 

.4o 
45 
SO 
2o 
25 
25 
3o 
35 
15 

3'e 
I '4 27 16 
I 
I *4 

7*4 
4' # 
17 16 

4's b 
2’ ? 
7 16 b 
6 
3'3 

B 
3+# b 
4'3 
I'# 

Treasurv billsi 

NEW YO RK (A P ) 
U S. Treasury 8 ills tor Friday. 
Due 
Bld Ask Y id 
1977 
4 5 
4 63 4 37 o 26 
4 7 
4.59 4.35 4,41 
4 14 
4.57 4.31 4 38 
4 21 
4 64 4.38 4 45 
4 28 
4 57 4 35 4 42 
5 3 
4 56 4 38 4 46 
5 5 
4 SS 4 39 4 47 
5 12 
4 55 4.43 4 SI 
5 19 
4 56 4 44 4 53 
5 26 
4.56 4.14 4 53 
531 
4.57 4.43 453 
6 2 
4.56 4.44 454 
6 9 
4 56 4 46 4 56 
6 16 
4.57 4,47 4,57 
6 23 
4 57 4 49 4.6o 
6 28 
4 58 4 SO 4 61 
63o 
4 54 4.52 4 64 
7 7 
4 63 4 55 4 67 
J 14 
4,65 4.57 4 69 
7 2) 
468 4.6o 4.73 

7 26 
4.71 4 63 4 76 
7 28 
4.71 4 63 4.77 
8 4 
4 71 4 65 4 79 
8 ll 
4 73 4 67 4 82 
8 ie 
4 75 4 69 4.84 
o 23 
4 76 4 68 4 83 
8 25 
4 76 4 7o 4 86 
9 I 
4.78 4 72 4.88 
9 8 
4 78 4 72 4 89 
9 15 
4 78 4 72 4.89 
9 2o 
4 SO 4 74 4 92 
9 22 
4.8o 4 74 4 92 
9 '29 
4 8o 4.78 4 96 
IO IB 
4 86 4 78 4.9; l l 15 
4 92 4 84 5 o4 
12 13 
4 98 4 9o 5.11 
1978 
I IO 
5o6 5 oo 523 
2 7 
5.1o 5o6 5 31 
3 7 
5.14 5.o8 5 34 
4 4 
S M 
5.12 5 4o 
Sub]lect lo Federal taxes bul not lo 
S t a lle im c o m e laxes. 

Hewlet 
Hewlel 
H Inns 
H Inns 
Honwll 
Honwll 
Honwll 
In Flu 
In Flu 
J Manv 
J Manv 
J Manv 
MGIC 
MGIC 
M obil 
Mobil 
Mobil 
M obil 
Mobil 
N Semi 
N Semi 
N Semi 
N Semi 
Occi 
Occi 
Gcci 
Raythn 
Raylhn 
Rynlds 
R ynlds 
Slumbn 
Slumb 
Skylin 
S kylin 
Soulhn 
SI Ind 
'SI Ind 
SI Ind 
Tx G II 
■ U A L 
U A L 
U A L 
U Tech 
U Tech 
U Tech 
J Walt 
J W all 
W lllm s 
W illm s 
Total volume 7o,389 
Open interest 2,o22,747 a Not traded b No option ottered 
Money Rales 
NEW YO RK (AP'l — Money rates tor 
Friday 
Prim e rate : 6'4 
D iscouiii rate 5 '* 
Federal funds m arket rate 
4'4 high. 411 16 low. 4)1 16 close. 
Dealer s com m et d a l p a p e r; 
3o 18o days 4-*» 5. 
Com m ercial paper by finance co m p a n y. 
3o 2/o days 4';»5'4 
Bankers acceptances dealer indications: 
3o 59 days. 4 7o 4 65 
6o 89 clays. 4 73 4 68 
9o 119 days 4 75 4 7o 
ITO 179 days 4 8o 4.75 
18o 27o days 4 95 1 9o 
C ortiticates of deposit 
3o 59 day . 4'#1|4 
6o 89 days. 4' 3 4'-# 
9o 119 days, 4+» 4 '4 
12o 179 days, 4+. 4+4 
18o 36o days, 5 S' 4 
Telerale money m arket index: 
4 71, oft OI fro m Thursday and off CIS tor the week, 
E urodollar rates 
O vernight 21 16 2'# 
1 m o n *h 4 l5 16 5 
3 months S3 16 5*4 
6 months 5' / 59 16 
I year 6 61 16 

H 17 16115 16 

 b b a 
4'# 
2'3 
7 
31# 
1* 3 b 
Ai# 
3' + 
1 ' 4 
8+4 
3' 3 

T'1 
41,4 b 
1+8 a a 
4 
1+4 
'3 
2 '4 
29 16 
H b b 
2 + 4 
I 16 
2+8 
+4 

2o a 
J# 
SO 
18’ # a 
55 
13 b 
6o 
8’ k 
8+b 
65 
3’* 
4 
7o ll 16 
I ’ J 

15 
6 
6+# 
2o 
1'« 
2'# 
25 
I J IS 16 
. 3o 
I 16 
5 16 
2o 
6’ * 
6 '* 
25 
14*711 16 
3o 
3 16 13 16 
5o 
7’* a 
6o 
+* 
2’ b 

6o 
5 
SH 
7o 
5 16 
+* 
6o 
2’ a a 
66H 
I J a 
15 
7 16 l l 16 
2o 
I 16 
3 16 
15 
V , 
19 16 
5o 
2'# 
3’ , 
SS 
+. 
I 
6o a 
5 16 
.3o l l 16 17 16 
2o 
I 
1'# 
25 
’ • 
+« 
3o 
I 16 a 
3o 
43* a 
35 
I 21 16 
4o a 
9 16 
35 l l 16111 16 
4o 
I 16 
'* 
2o 
3 + * 
4’ k 
25 
’ 2 IS 16 

74*8 
74+b 
11+# 
11+# 
48 
48 
48 
19'b 
19'# 
33'8 
33’ B 
33’ # 
14’ 3 
14' , 
67*4 
6 7 ‘ 4 
66 
6 7 ' 4 
67+4 
2o''# 
2o'# 
2o'e 
2o'# 
26 
26 
26 
57’-# 
57'# 
64 
64 
6 o ’ -4 
6o<4 
14+# 
14''# 
16+# 
52’ # 
52’ » 
52’ # 
29 + 
2o’ 4 
2o’ 4 
2o’ 4 
34*4 
34*. 
34*-. 
34 
34 
23'I 
23"# 

75»Auq Bin 1o3.31o2 3o1o3 I f 
I 
7 
NOV Sin IOO 211oo.161oo 21 + . I 
7*4N ov em 1o3 2o1o3.141o3,2o + .4 
6’ #Feb 82n 
97 I 
96.26 97 
+ .5 
5* Feb 82 
98 22 98 18 98 22+ .4 
B 
M a y8 2 n lo 4 2o1o4 161o4.16— .6 
7 
M ay 82n 1oo.9 1oo.8 IOO 9 
., 
8’ #Aug 
82n 
1o5.21o5 
1o5 
— .2 
7'#N ov 
82n 
1o4 
1o3.311o4 
—.1 
8 
Feb 83n 1o4.181o4.171o4.18 
3’ 4Jun 78 83 
83 16 83 8 
83 16 * 
7 
NOV 83n 99 18 99.15 99 18 + 
7’ 4Feb84n IOO 141oo 1o1oo.13 + 
2 
6+»Aug 84 
97.16 97 
97.8 + 
3’ 4May 85 
78 16 78 8 
78.16 + 
4’ 4AAav 75 85 
84.4 
83.26 84,4 + 
7'»M ay8A n 1o3 141o3 2 1o3.13 * 
8 
Aug 86n 1o4.71o3.281o4 6 + 
6 'bN ov 86 
95 26 95.24 9 5 .2 4 - 
3’ /F e b VO 
73 8 
73.4 
73 8 + 
8’ /M ay 9o 
1o6.121o6.2 1o6.12 + 
.1'4 Aug 87 92 75 12 75 4 
75 12 + 
4 
Feb 88 93 74.8 
74 
74 8 * 
6 **Feb 93 
96 24 96 18 96 24 + 
71 Aug 
88 93 
IOO 741oo.181oo 24 + .4 
1’ »May 89 94 
73.22 73.12 73.72 + .4 
3 
Feb 95 
72,18 72.14 72 18 * 

Lad. lb 
31 
Pig Iron. I o b tdry 
Buffalo, G rsstn2lo 19 
21o 19 
P lalinum ,tryzN Y 162 OO 
162 oo 
OuiCkslvrFlskNY174 OO 
174 oo 
Steel scrap, gross ton. 
Phila. Chi P itts 
74 5o 
74 5o 
Tin, lb N Y 
4 8865 
4 7349 
Zinc, lb 
37 

SILVE R ($,ooo troy oz) 
Apr 
483 OO 49o OO 482 SO 489 OO 482 5o 
77iay 
487 OO 492 OO 487.oo 492 OO 485 OO 
Jon 
488 SO 495 SO 487 OO 495.oo 487 TO 
Aug 
493 OO 5oo 5o 493 OO 499 OO 493 OO 
O d 
498 OO 
5o5 SO 498 OO 5o4 5o 498 5o 
Dec 
5o4 OO 51o 5o 5o4 OO 5o9 OO 5o2.5o fo b 
5o7 5o 
514 5o 5o7 5o 514 oo 5o7 5o 
Apr 
515 oo 5 2o 5o 515 oo 519 oo 512 5o 
Jun 
517 8o 
524 OO 517 8o 524 OO 517 SO 
Aug 
523 OO 529 OO 523,oo 529 OO 522 oo 
O d 
528 2o 
534 OO 528 2o 534 OO 527 4o 
NEW Y O R K (A P I — Silver futures F rl day on the 
New 
Y o rk 
C om m odity 
Exchange. 
Open 
H igh 
Low Close 
Prew . 
N.Y, S ILV E R (5,ooo troy ox) 
Apr 
485 
2o 
«5.3o 
485 2o 489.2os 48o 9o 
May 
48^oo 
491 9o 
485 5o 491 SOS 483.2o 
JOI 
49o 
2o 
497 oo 
49o 2o 496 5ob 488.2o 
Sep 
495 
oo 
5o2 oo 
495 oo 5o1 4os 493.1o 
Dec 
5o3 
oo 
5o9 oo 
5o3-oo 5o8 9os 5oo 6o 
Jan 
5o5 
5o 
51o 5o 
5o5 5o 511 4os 5o3 IO 
M ar 
512 
oo 
515 oo 
511.5o 516 4os 5o8 IO 
May 
515 2o 518 2o 
515 2o 
521.4os 513 IO 
Jul 
52o 
TO 
523 4o 
52o 2o 526.4os SIB OO 
Sales estim ated 7,5oo s settling 

LONDON (A P ) - Closing m etals In pounds sterling per m e tric ton 
Futures 
Asked 
911 OC 
571o OO 
39o oo 
4o7 OO 

Copper 
I in 
Lead 
Zinc 

Bld 
885 OO 
556o oo 
378 OO 
393 OO 

Spot 
Asked 
686 oo 
557o oo 
379 OO 
394.oo 

Bld 
91o SO 
S7o5 oo 
389 oo 
4o6 OO 

6.82 
6.83 
6 87 
6.96 
6 7o 
6.94 
6 93 
6 99 
7 OO 
7.o4 
IO 6 53 
2 
7 OB 
7 17 
6.86 
8 6.73 
.8 
6.83 
.14 7 35 
,11 7 38 
.6 
6.73 
.4 
6 62 
.8 
7 48 
.8 
6.87 
.12 6 65 
6 
7 o9 
7.42 
6.74 
5 41 
7 
May 93 98 
98,24 98 6 98 24+ .14 7 12 
3'}N O v 98 
72.12 72 8 
72 12 + 
6 
5 75 
«’ /M ay 94 99 1o7.1o1o7.2 1o7.1o+ .6 7.72 
7'#Feb95 oo1o1.2o1o1.1o1o1.2o + .8 
7.72 
8'BAuq9S oo 1o6 81o6.2 1o6 8 + .6 
7.73 
8 
Aug 
96 o1 
1o2.3o1o2.181o2.3o+ 1o 7.71 
8’ *May oo o5 1o5.121o5 4 1o5 12 + 
6 
7 75 
7+#Febo2 o798 24 98 14 98 24 + 
IO 7 74 n - Treasury Notes 
.Prices quoted in dollars ad th irty seconds. A b je c t to Federal taxes but not to 
Stale income taxes___________ 

• 3 o 
Option 
’ * 
I t« I I 
& p ri 
1 5 - 1 ce 
A pr 
6 
2 4 H 
Aetri.) 
35 
I 16 
516 
' , 
2 9 # 
Am -lya 
25 
V# 
1H 
1'# 
26'* 
A., 
Cy.? 
. 
M 
I 16 
'* 
7 16 
26'* 
- .lf H-nm 
25 a 
5 
SH 
29’ * 
Arr, Horn 
. 3o 
5 16 13 1611ll 16 
29’ * 
A n Horn 
35 a 
' a b 
29’ * 
Asxirco 
IS 
8' 
8' / 
8'# 
23H 
Asarco 
TO 
3+# 
4 
4 ', 
23H 
Asarco 
25 b IS 16 
1"# 
23'# 
Beat F 
.. 25 
•# a 
I '* 
24’ # 
Burrqh 
. 6o b 
S 
6H 
6V , 
B o rrg h 
. 7o a l l I 16 
2+* 
6 1 '', 
B u rrg h 
. CO a 
:I t« 
+» 
6 1 ', 
Chase 
. 
25 
5 a b 
29’ * 
o>av> 
3o 
H n 16 
V , 
29‘ * 
Ci'ase 
. .. 35 a a 
+» 
29 >* 
C T el 
...IS 13 16 
T'» 
IS 16 
16 
C TPI 
2o a 
’ # 
'» 
16 
Opp ’ ■ 
. . . 2 5 a 
5 '# a 
3o'# 
Deere 
....3 o 
I 
1+* 25 16 
3o'# 
D e ere 
. 3 5 a 
5 16 b 
3o’ # 
OK* Eg 
. 4o b 
5’ * 
6 '* 
4} 
Dig Eg 
45 
7 16 73 I* 
3’ 
43 
Dig Eg 
46H 
’#1 l l 16 b 
43 
Dig Eg 
SO 
I 16 
H i l l 16 
43 
D ig E g 
S31# 
1 16 
5 16 b 
43 
Dig Eg 
6o 
I 16 a 
'a 
43 
Disney 
35 
'# 
2H 
3H 
Disney 
38'# 
I 16 
I b as'# 
Disney 
4o 
I 16 
+* 19 16 
35'# 
D isn e y 
43 + * a 
5 16 to 
35'# 
Disney 
45 a 
3 16 
H 
35’ # 
Disney 
48’ , 
1 16 
'# b 
35’ # 
Disney 
SO a b 
35'» du Pnt 
..ITO 
6 ', 
9H 
12'* 
126' , du Pnt 
,13o 
’/, a’ s 
6’* 
126' I do Pnt 
14o a I15 16211 16 126’ , 
Fst Ch 
..1 4 '* 
2H b b 
16’ , 
Fst O’ 
IS in n s 16 
2’ * 
1 6 ', ts t Ch 
2o 
1 16 
'* 
7 16 
16’ , 
G TH 
25 
4+* a to 
29‘ # 
G Tel 
. 
3o 
•t 
H 
I 
29H 
G illet 
25 
2 a 
2'# 
27'# 
G illet 
... 3o 
I 16 
’ * 
H 
2 7 '. 
G illet as 
116 b b 
27'# 
Goodyr . ...2 o 
I 
I ’ , 
19'# 
Goodyr 
25 
I 16 
316 
’* 
19'# 
G rcyh d 
IS 
I 16 
5 16 
/ 16 
14 + s 
Gulf o . 
23 
3’ , 
3 ’ * 
3’ * 
28'a 
G olf o 
. . . 3o 
I 16 
2 8 ? 
Here OI 
. 
75 a l l 16 
V# 
23'# 
Here ut 
3o a 
316 a 
23H 
H F C 
. ... IS 
5'# a b 
2o’ h 
H t C 
2o 
5 16 
+* l l 16 
TO'# 
H F C 
25 
I 16 a 
3 16 
2o’ I. 
L illy 
. . . .. 
4o a 
3H 
4'-* 
43 '* 
L illy 
45 
’ '< 
I ’ * 
2’ * 
43’ * 
L illy 
. so a 
•# 
’ * 
43 '* 
M e rn l 
2o 
’# 
13 16 
I ’ # 
18'* 
M e rrll 
. .. 2 5 
I 16 
+1 
18'* 
M e rrll 
. . 
3o 
I 16 b to 
18'* 
Mesa P 
25 
7 b to 
32 
Mesa P 
.. .3o 
2’ # 
3’# 
4’ * 
32 
Mesa P 
.. 35 
'» 
I 
I'# 
37 
Mesa P 
.4o 
I 16 
H l l 16 
32 
M otrla 
. ...4 5 
1+* 
3 '* 
4’ 7 
4 6 ', 
M o irla 
SO 
'# 
I 21 16 
46' / 
Moi ria 
6o a 
3 16 a 
4 6 ', 
Pfizer 
.25 
3’ * 
3H 
3H 
28’ # 
Pfizer 
.... 
3o 
I 16 
'# 
28’ # 
Phelps 
35 
' * a 
1'# 
34 
Phelps 
.. 
45 
I 16 b b 
34 
Ph M ot 
. . .5o 
3+* 
5’ , 
6 ', 
5 4 ', 
Ph M ot 
6o 
I 16 
I ' 4 
5 4 ', 
Pitney 
...1 5 a 
3+* 
4 
18'# 
P itn e y 
........2o 
I 16 l l 16 IS 16 
1 8 + b 
Proc G 
. . . 8o 
+* 27 16 
4'# 
78’ # 
Proc G 
.. 
'TO 
I 16 
’ #I l l 16 
78"# 
P roc G 
-IO O a 
3 16 b 
78'# 
R ile A 
. 
IS 
3 16 
I 4 
I ’ # 
14s# 
SI Cal 
. 
35 
4'# 
5 '* b 
39 i* 
SI Cal 
....... IO 
19 16 
2 '* 
39’ * 
SI Cal 
.. . 
45 
I 16 
’.* 
H 
39+* 
T R W 
...3 o 
5’ * 
5+# b 
35’ * 
T R W 
. 35 l l 16 
1+* 
2H 
3 5 '« 
T R W 
.. 4o a 
7 16 
'# 
3 5 '* 
Tandy 
. .. 3o 
6’# b b 
36’ * 
Tandy 
........35 
1H211 16 
3"* 
36’ * 
Tandy 
. . . . 4o 
I 16 
H l+» 
36’ * 
Tandy 
.. 
45 a 
316 
H 
36’ * 
Texaco 
. 25 
1'# 
2 '* 
2+# 
26"# 
Texaco 
...3 o a 
'* 
«, 
26'# 
U Carb . ...SO 
6'# 
8 
9 
57 
U Carb . .. 6o 
'# 
I’ , 
TH 
57 
U S SI 
. . . 4 5 
1516 
2+# 
3H 
46'* 
U S S ) 
. . . 5o 
I 16 
9 16 I t 16 
4 6 '* 

M ay 
Aug 
Nov 
2o 
H # in 16T1516 
I 16 
'* 
+• 
5+« a 
6’ # 
25 
IS 
2o 17 16 
2’ +215 16 
.25 
'* IT 16 
I'# 
. IS 23 16 25 16 
2''1» 
2o 
’ » 
7 16 l l 16 

Here Is the gold futures trading tor F rl day. A p ril I, 1977: 
Open 
High LowClose 
Prv 
Chicago M erca ntile Exchange 
1oo-Troy ounce contracts dun 
15o 6o 
152 7o 15o oo 152 3o T51.3o 
^pp 
152 9o 
155 1o 152 2o 154 2o 153.3o 
Dec 
155 2o 
157 4o 154 7o 157 IO ISS TO 
M ar 
157 9o 
16o 1o 157 4o 16o oo 158 4o 
Jun 
16o 3o 
162 4o 159 7o 162 4o 16o 7o 
SPO 
163,3o 163.3o sales 
June 198o 
Sep 285; 
Dec 31o, 
M arch 6; Jun 7,- Sep o 

New Y ork C om m odity E xchange 
IOO tro yo u n ce contracts 
A pr 
149 4o 15o 7o 
149 IO 15o 8os 149 5o 
Jun 
15o 5o 152 6o 
15o oo 152 2os 151oo 
Aug 
ISI 
6o 154,2o 151 6o 153 7os 152 5o 
O d 
153 
2o 155 6o 153 2o 155.3os 154.1o 
Der 
155 oo 157.4o 154 9o 156 9os 155.7o 
A pr 
158 IO 159 IO 
158 IO 16o 3os 159 IO 
Jun 
16o 4o 161 TO 
16o 4o 162 OQs 16o 8o 
Sales estim ated 3,oo2 s settling. 
Butter and Eggs 

CHICAGO (A P ) — (USD A) — B u tler steady, wholesale buying prices F rid a y unchanged 
93 score AA I OO; 92 A 99.5o. iTO B unquoted 
Eggs gen era lly steady F rida y i sales de livered store door, cartons unchanged; A extra large 66 73; A la rge 65 7o; A me dium s 55 6o 

NEW YORK (A P ) - (U S D A )-W h O le sale egg oH erings steady, prices un 
■hanged 

2o 
8'# 
9+# 
25 
4’ I 
5 ># 
3o 
1+H211 16 
5o 
5’ * 
6’ * 
SS 15 16 
2+# 
65 a 
3 16 
2o 23 16 23 16 25 16 
25 
I 16 a 3 16 
1o115 16 
2’ # 
2’ ? 
15 
I 16 
’ « 7 16 
+# l l 16 15 16 

9’ , 
6*» 
3+1 a 
3'# 
D 

,1 5 
, 2o 
..IO 
. 
IS 
, 2o 
.25 

>*11 
3’ ? 
13-16 

I 16 b 
3 
116 
’ 
116 a a 
4 
4<« 
4*'« 
Xxi 13 16 13 16 
,15 1516 
I'-# 
2’ * 
.2o a 
5 16 
9 16 
15 
+» 
1**11116 
2o 
I 16 
5 16 
9 16 

2o* « 
2o'* 
2o’ z 
2 o 'z 
2o’ J 
16'# 
16'# 
28+* 
28** 
28 + * 
5 4 'b 
5 4 '. 
54’ # 
22’ * 
22’ * l l '# l l '# 
,15 
15 
12+# 
12+# 
12+# 
28'# 
28'# 
15+* 
15+* 
14'» 
14’ > 

A M E 
A M E 
A S A 
. 
A S A 
A S A 
Avnef 
Avne! 
B ally 
Bally 
B ally 
C alerp 
Caterp 
Caterp 
Con Ed 
Con Ed 
Dr Pep 
Dr Pep 
FI Pas 
E l Pas 
Fieetw 
Fleefw 
F ie e tw 
Grace . 
Grace 
La Pac 
La Pac 
MGIC 
M G IC 
N D ls t 
N Semi 
N Semi 
N Semi 
Non S 
Penney 
Penney 
Phil P 
Phil P 
Phil P 
Re-. OO 
RCS DG 
Res GG 
Searie .. 
Searlc 
Simp P 
S im p P 
Sterlg 
Sterly 
Tennco 
Tennco 
Tennco 
Tiger . . . 
T iger 
Zenith 
Zenith 
Total volum e 31,562 
Open interest 1,179,123 a Not traded, b No option oHered 

.25 
7 16 13 16 
I ' * 
25'# 
.15 
6'# 
6+k a 
27 
.2o11516 
2"# 
3+# 
27 
25 
’ * 13 16 
I'., 
27 
.2o 
>» 
9 16 a 
1 8 ', 
.4o a 
2’ k 
3 '* 
39+* 
. .45 
316 
+'* IS 16 
39 J* 
. 5511316 
2"# 
4i'« 
SS'/, 
. 6o 
H 
I'k 115-16 
55’ , 
...TO a 
5 16 a 
55’ , 
. IO 
6'# b b 
16’ , 
.15 
I '■I# 29 16215 16 
16’ , 
TO 
'* 
+k It 16 
16’ , 
IO 
1+k 
2 
2H 
I V , 
IS 
I 16 
3 16 
+• l l ’ . to 
2H 
2H 
2'# 
12'* 
.15 
3 16 
' / 
13 16 
12’ # 
.. 15 
’ 1I 13 16 13 16 
IS 
2o 
I 16 a 
'* 
IS 
3o 
2H a 
3 ', 
3 2 ', 
.35 
3 1 6 
9 16 
'# 
3 2 ', 
4o a 
3 16 b 
32’ , 
IO 
I 
1H 
IH 
IO '* 
15 
I 16 
3 16 
5 16 
1o+* 
25 1316 
I ’ , 21 16 
24 + i 
. 3o 
’/• 
516 a 
24+# 

Fhiladelpiua ilption^ 

 optio n 
A bb) L M ay45 
Abb! L MaySO 
Abb) L Aug 45 
Abb) L Aug5o 
Add C Apr35 
Add C Apr4o 
A d d C Apr45 
Add C J u l35 
Add C Jul4o 
Add C Jul45 
Add C Jul5o 
Add C Ocl4o 
Add C Ocl45 
Add C OctSO 
AdlsC Apr2o 
Ai ll SC Apr 25 
A nise Apr3o 
AllisC Jul 2o 
AlltsC Jul'25 
AdisC Jul3o 
. 
AllisC Ocl25 
A llisC o o 3 o 
. 
A Hess Mav2o 
A Hess May25 
. 
A Hess M av3o-. . 
A Hess M ay 35 
. 
A Mess Aug 25 
A Hess A ug3o 
A Hess Aug35 
A Hess Nov3o 
A Ness Nov35 
Ashl o Apr3o 
Ash! o Apr35 
Ashl O J u n o 
. 
Ashl o 
JUI35 . 
Ashl O O ct3o 
Ashl o Oct35 
BlueW Jul 25 
Bluebl Jul3o 
Bluebl Gel25 
Bluebl Dc 13o 
Bois C Mav25 
Bois C May3o 
Bois C M ay35 
Bois C Aug 3o 
Bois C Auq3S 
Bois C NovM 
Bois C Nov35 
B ra n if A p r IO 
B ra n it 
A pr 15 
B ra n it Jut IO 
B ra n d Jul 15 
Brand Get IO 
Cly In Apr IO 
C ly In A p rlS 
Cly In Juno 
C ly In J u llS 
Cly In OcMO 
C ly In Oct 15 
Clorox 
Apr IO 
C lorox 
A p r 15 
Clorox Jot IO 
Clorox Jut 15 
C lorox O d IO 
Clorox D ens 
Comsa' 7^r25 
Comsat A p r3o 
Comsat Apr 35 
C?msat J ut 3o 
Comsat Jut 35 
Comsat Juno 
Comsot O d 3o 
Comsat Get35 
Comsat o o 4 o 
Cont o Apr 35 
Cont o A p r4o 
Conf o Jul 35 
Cont O Jul 4o 
Conf O o o 3 5 
Cont O o o 4 o 
Dressr Apr 35 
Oressr Apr#o 
Dressr Jut 4o 
Dressr Jul 45 
Dressr oo.4o 
D ressr D el 45 
Duk PW Apr 2o 
Dok PW JOI 2o 
Duk PwOcf'ZO . 
Duk PW O d 2 5 
Eas GS Apr 25 
Eas Os A p r3o 
Eas GS Jul 25 
Eas GS J u n o 
Eas GS Ocl25 
Eas Os o o 3 o 
Engl M AprSO 
Engl M Apr35 
Engl M J ut 35 
Engt M o o 3 5 
+ irstn M a yJO 
F lrs ln M a y 75 
. t irsin Aug2o 
F irs ln Auy25 
Firstn Nov2o 
F irs tn Nov25 
G A F A p r IO 
G A F Juno 
O A F J u llS 
G A F o o 1 o 
C A F 
D ens 
GeoPac A p r35 
G eoPat A p r3 4 '# 
GeoPac A p r3 9 i* 
GeoPac Jul3o 
GeoPai JoI35 
C eoPac Jul4o 
GeoPac Jui29*e 
GeoPac JuI34+b 
GeoPac Jul 39’ * 
GeoPac o o 3o 
GeoPat o o 3 5 
Oc-oPjc o o 4 o 
GeoPac oO34+# 
How Jn Tkpr IO 
How Jn Jul IO 

4 
426 
’# 
’ • 
’#. . . 
45 
226 
2’ k 
1’/# 
!'/» - 
21 
311 
16 
’ ,. . 
I 
23 
;+/* 
7H 
7 + k - 
218 
479 
3'# 
2’ , 
3’ #F 
156 
8695 161 16 
’ # - 
I 
96 
8<* 
8’ k 
8’ k— 
43 
32o 
4+* 
3+k 
4 ', ¥ 
83 
499 
V ', 
I 
1’ ,-F 
7 
111 
H 
H 
H .. 
5 
13 
4’ , 
4+8 
4+»- 
36 
244 
2’ , 
2 
2H + 
15 
176 
+* 
+ k 
+k 
IO 
12 
8+-k 
7+* 
7+/*- 
231 
549 
4 
2+8 
2 + a - 
236 18355 16 
’ » 
’# - 
7 
26 
8’ J 8’ 
152 1232 
4’ 'J 3’; 
1o8 
88617 16 I 
37 
366 
5’ 4 3' 
81 557115 
161 
7 
86 
I ’ ? 
81 
564 
5'# 
3o2 18o4 
7 
443 4855 
’ 
15 
683 
6+: 

8’* - 
+# 
3’ * - I ’ * 
I 
- 
'J 
3 + # - 2 
/ I ’ J - 
»# 
I ’ J 
1’/»— IO*# 
5’ # 
5 '# + 
+* ll# 
I ’ 7 . 
, 
’ *516 + 116 
6’# 
6’/* + 

Sales Open 
Net N Y 
(1oob) 
Int H lghLowLast Chg.Close 
52 
34817 1613 1617 16+ 1 16431'* 
43+* 
43+/* 
43+* 
43’'* 
43'* 
43'* 
43’ * 
43’/* 
43’ * 
43’.* 
43'-* 
43’ * 
43'/* 
271# 
27+# 
27+# 
27+# 
27*# 
27*8 
27+# 
27+s 
3o>» 
3o’ # 
3o+# 
3o+# 
3o+# 
3o+# 
3o+» 
M+# 
3o+# 
32'# 
32'# 
32'e 
32'# 
32'# 
32'/# 
28+1 
28+# 
28H 
28+# 
32’ * 
32'* 
32’ * 
32'* 
32’ * 
32’;* 
32'* 
9'.* 
9 ’ * 
9’ * 
9 '* 
9’ * 
13'# 
13'/# 
13'/# 
13'/# 
13'# 
13"# 
IO** 
IO*# 
1o+i 
IO*# 

182 1276 
3’ #25 16 2+# + I 16 
44o 3219 
I '* 
+4 
'/ # - M 6 
158 
781 3'# 
3 
3+#+ 
’ * 
234 
842 ll * ll# 
1’'3........... 
61 
125 3 
2’ / 
3 
+ I* 
JO 
8933 161 161 1 6 -1 16 
17 
168 
3’ »215 163'# + ’ # 
43 1o47 
I/*)) 16)1 16— I 16 
29 
4 
542 
I ’ I l l 
4'a 
2215 16 
2 
4'* 
3o 
Ilk 
358 
7’ # 
16 2742 
3 185o 

3’ 7 
3+» 
I l ' j + I# 
31* 
4’ #.......... 
+•15 16 + 9 16 
4’ * 
4’ *— ’ * 
I 
Ilk + 9 16 
7’ a 
7’ a - +» 
2’ 727 16 2 'j- 
'k 
'#5 165 1 6 -1 16 
19 
996 3'k 
3 
3’ k - 
2o 152913 1613 1613 1 6 - ’ • 
15 
2o2 4 
3'# 3's 
. 
7o 
63o I ’ J 
Va 
T’ >—I 
16 
3o5 6865 
’ #1 16 
’-# 
15 45381 161 161 16 
6336787916 
+# 
’ 7 + I 16 
IO 23271 161 161 16 
634 4317 
I 
+# 
'» * 
’ • 
5o 
112 3+k 
31# 3 + * - 
'• 
134 34191 161 161 1 6 - 
' • 
18 
439 4 
3+» 4 
313 53277 165 167 16 + 1 16 
3 
54 4 
4 
4 
— 
1# 
3o6 212113 1611 16 +k 
45 
51o15 16 9 169 16-5 16 
14 53371 161 161 16 
. 
9o 
459 
1’ k 
I l l 16 
o4 3593 
'• 
' • 
’ # * T 16 
251 
46o19 1615 1615 1 6 -5 I 6 IO1* 
99 13o7 
’ * 
’ #3 16 
23 
59 in # 1o’ 7 IO’ 
2o8 
77o 
6+* r # 
7 
3’ k 

316 13o2 
6o 
.43 
347 15o8 
43 
7 
IOO 
135 
248 
SSI 

1+» 
5'# 
S’ k— 1+» 
’ #15 16-15 16 

7’-j 
4’'* 

5 ’ 
2+# 
+» 
6+k 
31# 

51* - T’ k 
21 # - 
I* 
+* 
6 '# - 
3 H - 
)’/k 
'# 
63 
4115 16 I ’ # 
43o 1274 
I'# 
'713 16+-1 16 
28 23)51 161 161 16 
163 
755 
79 1737 
255 
53o 
69 

33 

511 
13 
25o 
2o7 
177 

1’ 7 
H 
2’ # 

2’ k 
'7 
3 '* 
I 
+k 
6 
6 
I '* 
+k 
2+# 
2’ * 
+*9 16 

)» » - 
I# 
I # - I 16 
21#- 
I* 
'•a + 3 16 
6 - 1 # 
I ’ . - 
’ 7 
2 1 # - 
'# 
+#-3 16 
3’# - 
36 
78 3 '* 
3'# 
176 
11117 16 I 13 1 6 -5 16 
5 
15 I* I# 
I#— +# 
2 
49 
+» 
+# 
+»— '• 
IO 
5215 1615 1615 1 6 -5 16 
5 
321 161 161 16 
68 
559 2’ k 
11/4 
2’;k 
7 16 
38 
6463 161 16 
'• - I 16 
27 
23o 3+» 3 
3’/ k - '7 
52 
924 I 13 16 
'# - 1 
16 
26 
44 4’'# 
31# 
31# - I ’ # 
76 
423 
1'7 
I 17 16-1 16 
*6 
TS 6’ 4 6 
6’ * + Ik 
152 
317 I ’ 7 
'•» 
I ’ 7 
38 
799 2'7 I'# 
2’ k - *« 
9 
85 2'# 
2'7 2+* 
125 
18413 16 
’ /9 16— 
1# 
22 
6781 161 161 16 
. 
42 
1o7 ll# 
I 
I 
............ 
43 
6273 16 
'#3 16 
67 
1o1 1+# I ’ # 
1+*— 'k 
31 
228 
*#5 165 16 o 16 
» 
66 
1'#113 161'e - 
31 
294 2'# 2 2'#+ 116 
23 21o73 16 
'#3 16........ 
7 
59 2 '* 2’ k 
2’ * - ’ • 
73 
8275 16 
'k 
’ * -1 1 6 
13 
13; 
'*1 16 
'a - 
'■* 
21 
423 
' j3 163 16— 
+» 
3 
5o71 161 161 16 ........ 
5 
14 4-7 4’ 7 
4’ 7— 1’ i 
46 
3o2 
I '* 
’ * 
'7 
3 
291 161 161 1 6 - 
’ « 
I 
39 4’ 7 4’ 7 
4’ / 
18 
ISI l ’-7 
I IS 16-7 16 
372 
6 
1o3 
84 
1o3 

I# 
31* 
2 
I# 
2 

I# 
31* ll# 
I# 
2 
137 238o5 16 
215 2231 
+*9-16 

31* - 2+* 
1’ '+ - 
'7 
H a - 
I# 
2 
- 
+» 
'# 
+ # - 
’-# 

IQI# 
35’ # 
35’ # 
35’ # 
35’ # 
35’ . 
35’ # 
35'# 
35’ # 
35’ # 
35+# 
35+# 
351# 
35+# 
351# 
351# 
4o'7 
4o’ 7 
4o’ 7 
4o'7 
4o'7 
4o'7 
2o’ * 
2o'* 
2o'* 
2o’ * 
271# 
27+# 
27+# 
271# 
271# 
27+# 
36’ # 
36># 
36'# 
36’ # 
1 9 'i 
19'b 
19'# 
19'# 
19'# 
19'# 
11+* i n * 
11+/* l l ’ * 
11+* 
33<« 
33 • 
33’ . 
33’ . 
33'# 
33'# 
33'# 
33'# 
33'# 
33'# 
33 # 
33’ # 
33'# 
9** 
9- 

How Jn JgllS 
How Jn 
o o 1 o 
How Jn Get 15 
Inexco M ayiS 
Inexco 
M ay2o....... 
Inexco M a y 25 
Inexco Aug 15. 
Inexco Aug2o 
Inexco Aug2S 
Inexco NOVIS 
Inexco NOV 2o 
Inexco Nov25 
Joy AAay45 . 
Joy MaySO 
Joy Aug 45 
Joy AugSO 
• ... 
Joy Nov45. 
. . . 
Joy NowSO 
La Lnd May25 
La Lnd M ay3o 
La Lnd Aug25. 
La Lnd Aug 3o 
La Lnd NOV 25 
. 
La L n d Nov3o 
M ariot M ay IO 
M a rio t M a y 15 
M ariot 
M a y 9 i* 
M a rio t M a y 14+#.. 
M a rio tA u g lO 
M a rio t Aug IS 
M a rio t Aug9+k 
M ariot Aug 14+#. . 
M ariot NOV IO. 
.. 
M a rio t NOV IS 
M a rio t Nov9+< 
. 
M a rio t N o vl4+ # . 
Mc Der AAay45 
Mc Der M aySO... 
Mc Der Aug 45— 
Mc Der AugSO 
.. 
Mc Der NOV 45 
Mc Der NOvSO 
.. 
NL Ind May2o 
NL ln d M ay25 
NL Ind AugzO 
NL Ind Aug25 
NL Ind NOV2o 
., 
NL Ind Nov25 
P P G MaySS. 
P G M ay6o 
P G AugSO 
P G Aug55 
P G Aug6o 
P G NovSO 
P G NovSS 
P C NOV6O 
Pttsln May3o 
... 
Pitstn AAay35 
. 
Pttsln May4o 
PHstn M av34‘ # p tts ln M a y 3 9 '* 
PHsln AAav44’ # 
Fhlsfn AugJO 
P tts ln A u g 35 
PHstn Aog4o 
PHstn Auq34j3 
Pitbtn 
Aug39’ * 
Ptfstn NOV*) 
. 
P ftstn NOV 35 
Ptlstn NOV 4o 
Scot P Apr IS 
Scot P A p r 2o 
Scot P JullS 
Scot P Ju l 2o 
Scot P D e lis 
Scot P o o 2 o 
S eabC LJul3S 
SeabCL Jut 4o 
SeabCL o o 3 5 
SeabCL o o 4 o 
Sun Co May4o 
Sun Co May45 
Sun Co MavSO 
Sun Co Aug 35 
Sun Co Aug4o 
Sun Co Aug45. 
Sun Co AugSO 
ScMi Co Nov45 
Sun Co NovSO . 
T e ld yn A p r 68 
Tel dyn A pr 53+# 
Teldyn Apr SS’ * 
T e ld yn Apr77+#. 
Teldyn Jul 55 
Teldyn Jul6o 
Teldyn 
JoI68 
Teldyn Jul 7o 
Teldyn Jul53+#. 
Teldyn Jut58'* 
Teldyn DOSS 
Teldyn OctSO 
T e ld yn O ct6 8 
Teldyn o o 7 o 
Teldyn o o 5 3 '# 
Teldyn OOS8’ * 
Trnsam M ay IO 
T rn sa m M a y lS 
Trnsam AugiO 
T rn sa m A u glS 
Trnsam Nev IO 
Trnsam 
NOVIS 
Un Pac May45 
Un Pac MavSO 
Un Pat 
MaySS 
Un Pac AugSS 
Un Pac NovSO 
Un Pac NovSS 
V a E P A p rlS 
Va E P J u llS 
Va E P o o 1 o 
Va E P GOIS 
WSI Un #,pr1S 
WSI Un A p r 2o 
WSI Un JullS 
WSI Un Jul 2o 
Wst Un o o 1 5 
WSI Un Oct 2o 
T o ta l v o lu m e 

28 2787 
'/«1 16 
'# + 116 
4o4 252511 16 
'#15^16-1 16 
114 1134 
’ *3 16 
»/*+116 
44 482 
5'# 
4''# 
5 '* — I 
8o6 442921 16 l'/*17 1 6 -7 16 
32o 23285 163 16 
'4 — 
'# 
14 
5o6 
6’ * 
5’ * 
5’/* - I 
425 4o66 
3’# 
486 3125 
I 
12 
233 
6'/# 
28o 1596 
3+# 

2+# 2 + # - 
I * i/*13 1 6 - ' * 
5+* 6’ #— 
+# 
3 
3’/*- 
482 2255111 161’ k l7 16—3 16 
3o 
235 
3'/* 
21/* 
3’; 
73 
2o 
85 
16 
25 
42 

293 
2o3 
79 
63 
5o 
467 

I 
41'* 
21# 
6’ * 
3 

4 
41# - 
>'* 
I'# 2 
- 
I# 
51* SUI 
21# 
2'/#— I 16 
3 25 16 2’/t— 
I# 
31o 62o1 
+#3 165 16--------- 
69 
415 
3 '# 2^* 3 
— 
'7 
257 2882 
'#11 16 
+*.................. 
37 
Bl 
3+« 
3'# 
31# - 
I# 
144 
68917 T6T1 T61'#— '# 
T25 
IOO l/« 
1#9 16.......... 
21 
251 161 161 16 .. 
23 691 
I l l 16 
I # - 1 16 
174 3141 
V .) 161 1 6 -1 -1 6 
87 
7713 16 +• 
'/# -3 16 
16 
2o 
’ * 
’ #3 16— I 16 
121373 
1 '*1 3 1613 16 . .. 
22 2678 
'/<3 16 
'/*.................... 
231 
23o 
I ’# I ll# — 
' • 
42 
327 16 
’/* 
’ * — 3 
16 
17 
654111 1619 T611T 16. 
2o 
392 
+#5 165 16— 116 
361 
614 
46o 1963 
42 
324 
255 
25 
95 
IO 

961 
19 
225 
311 

8 
3’ * 
7+* 
4+* 
8+7 
5+# 
I 

SI# ll * 
6V* 
3’ 7 
8” ! 
4 
I 

8 + 2 
3 
+ I '* 
71-4 + I '* 
41-4+ I ’ k 
8’ 7+ 
' 7 
51#+ 
’# 
I ’#— 1’/7 
25 
SOOS 161 161 16^- I 16 
46 
82 3 l ' 7 
2 
— I ’ * 
151 
723 
' 7I 16 
+ *-1 16 
17 
43 3’/* 
I'# 
71#-- 
I 
67 
342 
+» 
+1)9 1 6 -3 16 
7 
1 25 2’,/* 
IK i 1+* - 
I# 
13 
182 +#3 163 1 6 -9 
16 
25 J 
6’ s 6’ # - 
I'# 
8o 
3'7 
2+* 2 + » - 
'# 
45 I '* 
I 
I ’ 
7 + 4 
4 '* 
2’ * 
41# 
I'k 

71* 
3’ k 
IV# 
4 
Kl 
»’ #— 
' 4 
»kl 16 
- - ' • 
1'#15 16- M 16 
1«1 161 16— J 16 

7+4 
- 
3 '» - 
1*4 — 
4+#~ 

24 
IO 
193 
281 2382 
32 
743 
95 99o 
2 
215 1672 
2 
249 
' • 
' • 
' • 
I) 
97 
5'/7 
5 
5 
- 3 
238 1341211 1619 162 
— 5 16 
193 1o64 
'# 
'7 9 1 6 - 
'4 
14 
4oo 
3 
2'# 
3 
— 
’ / 
SI 
611 
I 
9 1615 16— 1 16 
6'# 
6 '# - 
I# 
J I , 
2 + k - 
’/* 
'# 
I 
- 5 16 
2 ', 
2', 7— 
'7 
• I 161 16 
. 
TO 
3 
2+4 
2+4— '7 
985 i» 5 165 1 6 -1 16 
28 
3>'4 21# 
21k— I 
35o11 16 H 
+#-1 16 
35 
2' 7l9 16 2 
+7 16 
27 
+#5 
16 I # . . 
2; 
3’# 2 
2+4+ T# 
I* 
+4 + '# 
I ' , 
3’ 7 + 1+» 
>7h 1 6 'I 16 
'# 
'# - 1 16 
6’ 4 
6’ 7— 31* 
3 
41k+ I '* l ’-4 
1'#+ H 
',“77 167 16— I 16 
2'# I'7 
2+#+ +• 

2o 
17 
7 
89 
446 
3<# 
77 
432 
1+» 
3 l l 
21* 
12 1846 
3 
37 
8 
2o 
76 
48 
56 
5 
64 
135 
3o 
7 
154 
188 
141 
123 
- 
17 
1231516 
'#15 16 
118 7oo2 
'# 1 1 6 1 1 6 —116 
14 
451 6'k 4 ', 
4+ *- 
2 
449 2932 
21*13 16 I 
— I 
4 69481 161 161 16 
36 
537 6’ 7 5 
5+#— 2’ * 
235 
678 4 
2'., 
2 1 k - I 
143 438o11 16 
1*13 16- 3 14 
1o2 118113 16 7 16 
7 
433 8 
61* 
71 
196o 4 '# 3+# 
8'# 

3o 
375 
841 
766 
12 
183 
747 
724 
14o 

+« 
3'7 
I* 
’ * 
6’ t 
4+* 
2 

5+. 
2’ 7 
2 
9'# 
6+» 
3'# 

7’ ; 
4’ '7 
3 
222 
45 
274 
69 2165 
81 
78o 
12 
296 
26 
695 
IO 
4o2 
349)1452 
S 
313 
4 
4 
4o6 65139 167 16 
I 
8 
4>* 
4’ * 

1+4 
3 + * - I '* 
7 ' * - 2*4 
4+* 
I 4 
1+*111 16— H 
11*17 1 6 -9 16 
8+» 8+ » - 1+# 
51# — 
+4 
3'# + 
S’/7 
3'# 
’# 
'c 
- 
4 
— 

4 > 4 - 

9+4 
9 * * 
9+4 
2o’ * 
2o'* 
2o’ * 
2o'* 
2o’ * 
2o’* 
2o'* 
2o'* 
2o<4 
47'* 
47’ 4 
47’ 4 
47'* 
47’* 
47’-* 
27'# 
27’ # 
27’ # 
27’ . 
27’ # 
27’ . 
9 " # 
9 ' # 
9 ' # 
9 " . 
9 ' # 
9 '# 
9 ' . 
9 ' # 
9 ' # 
9 ' # 
9 ' # 
9 ' . 
52+* 
52** 
52+* 
52+* 
52+4 
52+* 
211# 
21*# 
211# 
211# 
211# 
21*# 
54 
54 
54 
54 
54 
54 
54 
54 
34"* 
34’ * 
3 4 * 
34’ k 
34'* 
34'* 
34’ * 
3 4 '* 
34’,'* 
34'* 
34’* 
34’ * 
34'* 
34'* 
17i» 
17*# 
17H 
17+1. 
171# 
17't, 
35+. 
35+* 
35+* 
35+* 
43 
43 
43 
43 
43 
43 
43 
43 
43 
58+t 
58*t 
58‘ I 
58H 
58’ . 
58+t 
58’ s 
58+1 
58+t 
58 lf 
58+t 
58+t 
58+» 
58H 
58’ . 
58+1 
13*. 

I - 3 
6 
SA 7’ * 7 '* 
17 
248 2+* 2+» 
2+* 
23 
1 27 V# 
25 
58115 161’ * 1 » * - 
57 se 4+* 4 
4’ * - 
64 
53 2’ # I 'J 
2 
- I 
5 46621 161 161 16 
73 47483 16 
’#3-15+-1 
1 
14 4 ', 4’ , 
4’# . .. 
’ 561388516 
'* 
’ * . . 
2 
1o3 2+» 2+# 
2+« .. 
25 6o1o1 161 161 16 . . 
4 
48 3’ # 3 
3 
. . . 
94 2988 
'*3 16 
'* - . . 
I 
27 3’ * 3 '* 
3 '* .. 
161 1173 i#7 16. 
24.482 ~ 
Open In te re s t 

13+i 
'a 
13+. 
13+4 
H 
13>. 
16 
13+. 
I 
52 
52 
>'k 
52 
•* 
52 
H 
52 
I 
52 
14’> 
16 
U +t 
14+, 
14+» 
.. 
T7+* 
. 
17+# 
.. 
17’'t 
.. 
T7+# 
. . 
ITS# 
. 
T7+. 
27o.374 

P a g e 
I 2 * C 
San Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— Saturday April 2 1977 

 r « 
# f I # 

. 
• ■** dsfnRit' 
_ t . 
; 
'* ' 
' 
■ 
- 
-A* 
- '■ 
' 
.. 

MONEY SAVING BARGAINS GALORE!! EVERY SATURDAY! 

- 
• 
' I 
- l 
7" 

$ 
7 
9 
5 m 
Sq.Yl s u m 
Hi-Lo Sculptured Shag 

Indoor-Outdoor by Ozite 

Nome Brand VINYL 
9 A oz. 
A ft o z a k 
Congoleom, Antico, Armstrong, etc. 
NOW O U /Of® O U /O W l l 
In Stock Itoms O nly 

Sq. Yd. 
Installed 
Cash 'n C arry Special 

$ 
I 
O 
S 
*1 YI. 
■ Sq. Yd. 

 a 
? 
D o w n to w n 
WE C AN ’T BE BEAT 

S. A l a m o 
* 

VY rn 

■ i 

D i s c o u n t 
C a rp e t 

 e d u 

J . 5 . 9 o 

C e v a llo s y * 
. ct* 

I H IO 

DISCOUNT CARPET 
WAREHOUSE 
225-44o1 125 W. CEVALLOS 

Turn East from IH-35 on So. Laredo Ext. 

■ ■ ■ ■ ■ ■ ■ ■ ■ ■ ■ ■ ■ ■ ■ ■ ■ ■ ■ ■ ■ ■ ■ ■ ■ H H H 

PRESENT THIS 
COUPON FOIL. 

WE GIVE r 
WE GIVE 
GOLD BOND 
STAMPS 

BRING 
IT IN AND 
SAVE! 

F S L R . ---------------- 

V 
* > 
. 

•*" S S fe £ % = ; 

I 
I 
I 
I 

I 
\ 
I 
\ 
\ 
\ 
\ 
\ 

 s * P W - 
____________ 
^ 
Choose Prom 
36 ” Pans to 5 2 ” Pans; 
MANY DECORATOR STYLES 
APPLIANCE & TV WORLD 

7 1 2 3 S A N P E D R O • 3 4 2 - 4 5 6 6 • 3 4 2 - 1 9 5 1 

ORTHOPEDIC SETS 
MATTRESS A BOX SPRINGS 

TW IN SIZE 
L IS T ... 
$ 1 9 9 .9 o 
OUR 
PRICE 
5 1 o 3 
OO 

FULL SIZE 
LIST. . . 
$ 2 6 9 .o o 
OUR 
PRICE 
* 1 2 5 ° ° 

QUEEN SIZE 
LIST . . . $ 3 2 9 .9 5 

OUR 
M A S C O 
PRICE 
" O S " 

KING SIZE 
LIST . . . $ 4 6 9 .9 5 
OUR 
_ _ _ _ - . p r ic e 
* 3 1 4 ° ° 
2o-YR. LIMITED 
WARRANTY 
QUILTED TOP 
Looking for Dining Room or Living Room furniture? 
Consult w ith us fo r cost plus 1o% deal! 
THE BEDROOM CENTER 

Hours: Mon. Thru friday, IO a.m. to 8 p.m. 

1 5 5 o B a n d e r a 
Saturday 9 a.m. to 6 p.m. 
4 3 3 - 9 o 7 1 

2-PC LIVING ROOM 
BOTH SOFA A CHAIR 

SAVE $13o.oo ON THIS BEAUTIFUL 
IOO” 
DEEP-TUFTED 
ROLL 
ARM 
■ 
J I i LOVESE AT 
SOPA & CHAIR. YOUR CHOICE OF 
I m f M loPTIONAl 
VELVET OR HERCULON. 
R E G , $ 2 8 9 * o o 
FURNITURE DISCOUNT 
1321 BANDERA RD. (G ib s o n c e n t e r) 

D f LIVERY 
4 
3 
4 
- 
4 
1 
4 
9 
TERMS 
EASY 
TERMS 

AAA TIRE & WHEEL 
B 
WAREHOUSE 

B .F . G O O D R I C H — 
B E S T S T E E L B E L T E D 

M 
R A D I A L S . 4 o , o o o M I L E G U A R A N T E E D 
G R 7 8X 1 4 
_ 
„ 
_ . . 
Other Sizes also 
G R 78X 15 
ONLY 4 6 . 9 o + F.E.T. 
Discounted 

B . F . G O O D R I C H O N - O F F R O A D T IR E S P E C IA L S 

1 2 R - 1 5 A l l T e r r a i n R a d i a l T Z A 
9 7 . 9 o + 5 . 2 o 

L 6 o - 1 5 A l l T e r r a i n 
4 5 . 9 o + F .E .T . 3 . 5 8 

1 1 X 1 5 6 P L Y O N - O F F R O A D T IR E S 
ONLY 
5 2 .9 o + F.E.T. 

BUY W ITH 
AM ERICAN 
EXPRESS 
OR 
INSTANT 
CREDIT 

1 6 o 2 S . W . M I L I T A R Y D R . 

5 4 o 5 B R O A D W A Y at a u s t in h w y . 

1 8 4 9 F R E D E R IC K S B U R G a t Do n a l d s o n 

9 3 o 7 S . P A D R E I S L A N D D R . c o r p u s Ch r is ti 

2 7 5 3 S . P A D R E I S L A N D D R . 

9 2 4 - 7 3 2 1 

8 2 8 - 6 1 8 1 

7 3 2 - 6 1 1 8 

9 3 7 - 3 1 8 5 

8 5 5 - 3 o o 1 

* 

FOR INFORMATION 

REGARDING ADVERTISING 

ON THIS PAGE 

CALL 225-7411 

RETAIL ADVERTISING 

CLOCK SALE 
SATURDAY. APRIL 2 
SAVE *2oo°° 

Or more on al! Grandfather Clocks in stock. Free 
Delivery and Set-Up in San Antonio. 

Specializing in watch and clock repairs and restoration. All work guaranteed I year. 

4 8 4 2 R i t t i m a n 
6 6 1 - 6 4 4 8 
Mon.-Tri. 9 to 5 - Sat. 9 -2 

ZETA 4D PR-6 

 iiuionvAi d °UBLE STEEL BELTED RADIAL 
INIKuYAL 
“ BLEMS” IN SETS OF 4 WHILE 
QUANTITY LASTS 
$34 
95 

1 9 5 / 7 o / 1 3 
BLACKWALL TUBELESS 
PIUS 2.3! F.E.T. 
AND TIRE OFF YOUR CAR 

1 9 o /7 o /1 3 
Black 
34.95 
2.31 

DR78X14 
Black 
39.95 
2 .3 8 

FR 78X14 
Black 
39.95 
2 .4 7 

FR78X14 
Black 
39.95 
2 .6 5 

ER78X15 
R.W.L. 
39.95 
2 .7 9 

G R 78X 15 
Black 
39.95 
2 .9 o 

G R 78X 15 
W hite 
39.95 
2 .9 o 

H R 7oX I 5 
Black 
39.95 
3 .2 7 
WHEELER TIRE SERVICE 
8 2 4 -4 5 1 7 
4 3 o 2 BRO ADW AY AT HILDEBRAND 

TUNE UP 
SP; C. A ■ 
; 

Includes plugs, points, condenser and labor. 
Special good for most 
American four cylinder 

 c a rs ' 
6 - C y l $ 2 9 . 9 9 

8 - C y l $ 3 4 . 9 9 

W I T H T H I S C O U P O N 
GILLESPIE FORD 
ALL PARTS AND LABOR GUARANTEED 
EXPIRES 4 -1 5 -7 7 
23 o o BRO ADW AY 
PHONE 2 2 7 - 1 4 1 I 

RENT NO W — O W N LATER 
*9.95 WEEK 
Any Color T.V. 

• RENT • RENT • RENT • RENT • RENT • RENT • RENT • RENT • 

' VALUABLE COUPON 
THIS COUPON GOOD FOR I 
$9.95 1st WEIK > 
Any Color T.V- 
| 
EL CHARRO TV 
I 
RENTAL 
CLIP A SAVE 
I 
I 
I 

★ OPTION TO BUY * 

• S T E R E O ’ S 
• H I - F I ’ S 

• C O L O R T V ’ S 
• C O M B I N A T I O N S 

El Charro Rental Co. 
4oo2 W. Commerce-SAN ANTONIO 
Phone 435-o572 

LAST 
DAY 
TO 
SAVE 

TIRE 
MART 

SAVINGS ON 
ALL TIRES 
IN STOCK 

Glass Belted 
- 
The Genera! JUMBO 78o 
WHITEWALLS 

G eneral Jet A ir III 
* 
WHITEWALLS! 
95 

 sire 6 5 o 13 

 ply* $1.75 
Federal Excise Tax 

A real value tor today s economy! The 
Jet-Air III features rugged four-ply con­ struction, Duragen” Tread Rubber, ai; 
[famous twin-tread design. 
*24 
95 

Size A 7 8 -1 3 tubeless whitewall 

 plus S I .7 7 Federal Excise Tax 

OPEN TONIGHT 
TIL WE RUN OUT 
OF TIRES 
Free Mounting 

W-l-D-E 
LETTERWHITES 

T h e G e n e r a l G r a b b e r 
*95 

WM me A 6o I tubeless 
* letter white. 

Bice A 6 o -) 3 

 plus $2 12 Federal Excise Tax 
Larger sizes comparably priced. 

Ca 
BahkAmericako hi 

155 
4626 
6881 
S. W.W. WHITE FREDRSBG. RD. MILITARY DR. W. 
333-298o 
735-7764 
674-1666 

I U . S . I N S P E C T E D 
WHOLE FRYERS *43' 

R O E G E L E I N ’ S O L D F A S H I O N 
SMOKED BONELESS HAM 

GRADE A MED. 
EGGS 

LB. 

DOZ. 

59 

59 

18o2 W . COMMERCE * 3 1 9 CASTROVILLE • 1419 COMMERCIAL 
• 3481 FREDERICKSBURG • 511 FAIR 

RIGHTS RESERVED TO LIMIT QUANTITIES • PAY YOUR, GAS, WATER, AND 
PHONE BILLS HERE • WE SELL AMERICAN EXPRESS MONEY ORDERS 

FOR INFORMATION 

REGARDING ADVERTISING 

ON THIS PAGE 

CALL 225-7411 

RETAIL ADVERTISING 

BERNINA CLEARANCE 
SALE 

TREMENDOUS SAVINGS 
O N ALL 1 9 7 6 MODELS 

— 
L IM I T E D S U P P L Y — 
NOW! 

I 

SEW 

YOUR OWN 

LINGERIE 

CAU NOW FOR 

INFORMATION 

..aoWM 

J 

* 
UP TO 
Th 
* 1 5 9 ” 
' 

OFF REG. PRICE 
Must make room for the new 
1977 Nova 9oo & 83oE equipped with 
ELECTRONIC NEEDLE POWER 
BERNINA SEWING CENTER 
114o9 WEST AVE. 
3 4 4 -3 7 6 6 

 m l 

4$ i y 

Second opening for addition to Valenica 

Morton / Southwest this wee­ kend will hold another grand opening of Valencia, actually a recent addition to one of the leading building-developing firm’s more established com ­ munities. 
Located north of the intersection of 
Nacogdoches and P e rrin - Beitel 
Roads, which meet north of N.E. Loop 
41o, Valencia his been chosen by Mor­ ton/Southwest as a unique setting for its ever popular Success Homes. 

Moderately priced 
Success Homes comprise the most recent housing series designed by 
Morton / Southw est. The firm r e ­ searched a large number of floor plans before introducing the series as an in­ novation to more affordable, modera­ tely priced housing in the San Antonio area. 
At the sam e tim e, the Success 
Homes series is drawn from plans both practical and luxurious, boasting all the extras modern families need — and want — in new homes of today and for tomorrow. 
Taking all these important items in­ to consideration, Morton / Southwest offers these Success Homes in the new addition to Valencia with a price range starting as low as $38,ooo upward to only $48,ooo. 

F urth erm o re, to prove that these homes are not minimal just because they are more easily affordable, Mor­ ton / Southwest has added a number of extras in each plan. The square footage for this particular series ranges from as many as 1,5oo sq. ft. all the way up to 2,ooo aq. ft. Each plan makes the most out of its “ furnishable,” useful space and allows more room for stor­ age. In some plans, there is even a 
“ bonus” room for the owners’ optional uses. 

Features most wanted in new homes are theirs, too. Attic-installed central air conditioning and heat system s, 
Magic Chef appliances in color-coor­ dinated kitchens, choices in carpeting and wallcoverings, large living and family areas, oversized m aster bed­ rooms and two full baths tastefully decorated. 
These homes are named “ Success” since, for many San Antonio families. 

SUCCESS HOMES modeled in M orton/Southw est^ recent cddition to Valencia, an established northeastern S. A. area 

 they have meant a personal success story for each. 
And these are the families that have 
.wade the Morton / Southwest one of the m ost su ccessfu l b u ild e r - d e ­ 

 velopers in the San Antonio area. 
Valencia will be welcomed readily by San Antonians who want a choice, prestigious location for their Success 
Homes. 

The northeastern neighborhood is ideal for a new’ home environm ent from Morton / Southwest. It yields great proximity to a number of major destination points in the Alamo City. 

They include N.E. Loop 41o, N.E. III 
35, Randolph AFB and shopping and e n te rta in m e n t c e n te rs even in its immediate vicinity. The school district is North East, another favorite. 

Valencia also offers wholesome re­ creation for the exclusive enjoyment of its residents. The community offers its own clubhouse, swimming pools and tennis courts. 
J 

NEW HOMES 
TOW NHOMES 
APARTMENTS 
San Antonio EXPRESS-NEW S— Saturday April 2 1 9 7 7 

J 
COMMUNITIES 
FOR ALL KINDS 
OF LIFESTYLES 

H ° LARGEST CLASSIFIED AWD REAL ESTATE SECTION IN SOUTH TEXAS FOF MORE THAN IOO YEARS ° TZZJr 

CLASSIFIED DISPLAY 
CLASSIFIED DISPLAY 
CLASSIFIED DISPLAY 
CLASSIFIED DISPLAY 
CLASSIFIED DISPLAY 
CLASSIFIED DISPLAY 
CLASSIFIED DISPLAY 
CLASSIFIED DISPLAY 
CLASSIFIED DISPLAY 

 r-. 

I 
I 
\ v t 

M - 

V A 
. / A 

 pnnnnrn 
□□□□□□□[ 
] □ □ □ □ □ □ [ 
L 
QXM: 
'S O L D ' 
There are a lot of "SU L L )” signs in 
Briarwick these days! So many that the selection of lovely new homes is 
D IM IN IS H IN G D A IL Y More and more homebuyers are discovering their 
IN V E S T M E N T O F A L IF E T IM E in 
Briarwick! 
WHAT’S THE 
HURRY?! lf you want your children to be able to start school at San Antonio's newest and finest next fall, YO U 
M U ST C O M E TO 

Bedroom 2 

 s n 

Break fest 
F T 

Master I 
Bedroom 

Bedroom 3 
Dining 

I 

385o Briarcrest 
$38,2oo 

B R IA R W IC K T O D A Y ! S38: ^ r d„7r„“ r 
" o:d 
36o equal monthly payments at 
8% annually. 

Still j Available 

Gar age/ $352 mo. 

STANDARD! . 

[BUTTON I\. 

'T h is Royal Crest home includes a Litton M icro­ wave Oven. Conventional cooking and the con­ venience of microwave in one self-cleaning unit. 

Principal and Interest 
$28o.38 j Taxes 
$52.62 
(N O ) City Taxes 
$o.oo 
Insurance 
$19.oo 

T O T A L M O N T H L Y P A Y M E N T 
$352.oo 
Briarwick 

Camelot s269/mo.*! m windsor 

MANY EXCITING FEATURES STANDARD! 
Carpeting • Built-in electric kitchen with range, vent, dishwasher, disposer • Central heat and air conditioning • Energy-saving features • Patio 
• 2-car garage. 

NORTHEAST SCHOOL DISTRICT • NO CITY 
TAXES MEANS LOWER MONTHLY 
PAYMENTS • NO DOWN AND NO CLOSING 
COSTS, VA! 

THE PERFECT LOCATION, TOO! 
Walk to elementary school • Minutes to Windsor 
Park Mall • Convenient to Ft. Sam Houston and 
Randolph AFB • Easy access to expressways. 

Furnished models open daily until 8 p.m. at the 
Camelot Sales Office. Take IH-35 to the Walzem exit, drive east on Walzem and follow the signs. 
655-4123 

811o GLEN LARK 

Open Daily 9 AM to 8 PM 

Briarwick 
Loop 16o4 

Th 
Oaks 

I — T 

494*19X6 royal crest homes 

’ Cash pries: $28,9oo. No down payment and no closing costs. VA m ortgage $28,9oo 
36o equal m on th ly p rin cip al and interest p aym e n ts of 
$211.86 for 3o years at 8 % Annual Percentage 
Rate 
Principal and Interest 
......................... $21186 
Taxes (County, State, School) 
................ 
42.64 
(No!) City Taxes 
.................................... 
-O- 
Insurance 
.......................................... 
14.5o 
TOTAL M ONTHLY P A Y M E N T .............. $269.oo 

11 w w i w 
^ i i i i.i i.iw . i I l l 1 1 1 1 . l l I . l l I W 

Ray Ellison 
Homes 

Poge 
2-D 
San Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— Saturday April 2 1977 
TAR members seeking to slow traffic fatalities 

1^5^—--- 
A 
I’ATRIUMS OF CINNAMON CREEK based on ancient designs 
L’Atriums designed from ancient styles that look ‘new’ now 

CLASSI FUD DISPLAY 
CLASSIFIED DISPLAY 

REAL ESTATE LICENSE 

I f y o u held a salespersonV license on 
Mav 19. 1975 y o u max be eligible for a broker s license with only 9o hours of approved education. W e have special classes for y o u providing 3o hours in onlv five {5) davs. or two weekends. 
The opportunity of a lifetim e, but tim e is short! Call for inform ation, catalog and schedule. 
American College 

 of Real Estate. Inc 

JI O I ASH BY 
SAN ANTONIO l f J A S 78212 l 5 ! 2 ! 736 2oJ S 

Striking it may be, but the design used for L ’A­ triums of Cinnamon 
Creek is not at all so­ mething new. 

It just looks that way because no other apart­ ment project in San An­ tonio resembles it. The architecture here goes as far back as ancient 
Greece and Rome. 

Two words 

The name “ L ’Atrium” is derived from two words: “ L-shaped” and 
“ atrium,” each repre­ senting architectural de­ sign draw n from antiqui­ ty. 
Put the two words to­ gether and you have 

CLASSIFIED DISPLAY spring opening in 
Forest Oak Estates 

Y , ^ „• 

3 bd., 2 bath 
Fireplace 
Covered Patio 

7327 Crownpiece 
$4 9,3 oo 
Ail Masonry 
All Appliances 

Also in... 

VA, FHA, 

CONV. 

Financing 

Available 

Thunderbird Hills 
Under $3o,ooo. on James Bonham... 
Under $45,ooo on Little Fawn... 

Open IO ’Til Dusk 
6 8 4 -o 8 1 o 

EQUAL HOUSING 
OffORTUNITY 

“ L’Atrium.” So much for the game of the name. 

A community just north of the intersection of Fredericksburg and 
Hamilton-Wolfe Roads. 
Cinnamon Creek, almost directly across the street from USAA headquarters and close to the South 
Texas Medical Center, allots as many as 25 acres for L ’Atriums out of the recent residential area’s 247 acres. 
The seemingly new de­ sign applied to these apartments works as well as it always has. In fact, ifs one way of overcom­ ing the sacrifices of pri­ vacy and space in apartment living today. 

For instance, no L ’A­ trium resident lives either above or below another. Each atrium is screened with a six-foot privacy fence, and, as added touches of privacy, there are doorbells on both the front gates and front doors. 

Sliding glass walls open to the enclosed patio in the living areas for an extra dimension of space and accent on the in­ door-outdoor living style of these apartments. 

Added conveniences are washer - dryer con­ nections in two- and three-bedroom plans with separate utility ar­ eas off the kitchens. 

Master bedrooms can easily accommodate ex­ tra large furniture with­ out crowding. Separate dressing vanities are an­ other luxury feature of jsome plans, also with jlarge refrigerators, 
^freezers, ranges, dish­ washers and disposers. 

Some plans have the ountry kitchens with se- arate breakfast areas, thers have pass- hrough windows to a serving bar on the atrium. Eight different plans are offered among the one-, two- and three- bedroom apartments. 

 j All have individually controlled heat and air conditioning, shag car­ peting and assigned co­ vered parking space. 

Amenities include a swimming pool and ca­ bana right on the pro­ ject’s premises. 

 gg s M H tb DitRLAY 

Several hundred com­ munity-concerned mem­ bers of the Texas As­ sociation of 
Realtors, called Make America 
Better workers, are heading up a serious statewide effort to cut down on the number'of lives lost annually on 
Texas highways. 
Under the direction of the state chairman, Ray 
Lewis of Abilene, MAB members are asking for citizen participation in their campaign. 
I a year 
“ We are encouraging the 116 TAR boards to schedule at least one traffic safety program during this year, and we are enthusiastic about the sponsorship of defen­ sive driving courses in communities across the state,” Lewis said. 
“ The Texas Depart­ ment of Public Safety education officers are being called upon to show special films and to give traffic safety talks. As a professional, the Realtor probably drives as many miles as many others; therefore, we see this campaign as one that should concern us close­ ly;!’ Lewis explains. 
•TAR has developed special traffic safety kits which are being used in cities; towns and com­ munity centers to alert residents to the impor­ tance of developing good driving habits and keep­ ing within the legal speed limit r 
Lewis, who is joined in this effort; by Alice Bon- sigrrore of San Antonio, vice-chairman, said, "It is very advantageous to the driver to take the de­ fensive driving course, for not only will he or she become a better driver but an insurance saving is realized.” 
" I am glad to report that the TAR workers are being encouraged by Col. 
Wilso Speir. DPS direc­ tor, who has voiced his appreciation for this campaign. The DPS has speakers available in their education depart ment who are glad to schedule talks and films. 
In Abilene, we kicked off the local effort with 
Trooper Wendell Rehm from the DPS.” 

Rehm is 17-year veter­ an of the department. In his recent talk in Abi­ lene. he said, “ Many motorists are using every means available to break the law. What kind of ex­ ample,. or atmosphere, are we creatine for our children? It is very pos­ sible that those same parents will be spending many sleepless nights when their, children get their drivers’ licenses, if 
> DISMAY 

 they have not been taught by their parents to drive with care and to obey the law.” 

Lewis said that 3,31o persons died in Texas traffic accidents last year. This was a de­ 

 crease over 1975, but an 
“ I arb very proud of the increase over 1974, the cooperative reception first year of the 55 m.p.h. that our MAB effort is speed limit. achieving. 

MORE THAN YOU EXPECT 
UNLESS YOU PAY 
MUCH MORE 

K F tfe MS** 

(L 

F H I MIF **» •*,*■** 
, wa/ f 
* 
. W 
I 

Enjoy Hill Country Living 

 in Northw est San A nton io in beautifu l O a k Creek. O u r prem ium homes ra n g e from $ 4 8 ,5 o o to $ 9 o ,o o o on large w ooded homesites. C ustom ized homes a v a ila b le for immediate move-in. Please visit our p ro fe ssio n a lly d e co rate d m odels today! 

FURNISHED MODELS 
OPEN DAILY 
( o A if c m l 

Call Mr. Thomas Hotman for Appointment 684-311 2 
JWKEU}) 

A Ius-Home I COMMUNITY 

MAIS THIS TOUS, SHAND 

 mm m ■ ■ ■ ■ H H A l 
Grab a piece of the land that's yours, and settle down to 
V T T T T W n a brand of living that everyone dreams of... at Fair Oaks. 
I I J T 
I i i l f I 111 I T 
5,ooo acres of rolling countryside, with running creeks, 
■■ K 
■ ■ ■ lf ■ ■■ BH grassy meadows, wooded acreage, spectacular hilltop vistas 

^m m 
^ m m v m m 
... providing rustic hill country homesites of 1 to 15 acres for the person who wants to build now, or at a later time. 
Fair Oaks offers a brand of life that features the advantages of miles of riding trails, 8 tennis courts, a swim club and the exciting golf course designed by professional golfer Gary Player, of Kirby/Player Architects, now under struction. Fair Oaks ... a brand of living you've got to see to believe! 

D ietz Elkh orn Rd. 

FA IR O A K S 

4? 
T railw ood 

Camp Stanley 

Leon Springs 

Loop 16o4 

UTSA air 
Oaks 

• Near IH 1o,15 miles north of Wonderland 
• Choice hilltop sites 
• Situated in 3 counties: 
Bexar, Kendall, Comal 
• Central water system on most tracts 
• Open daily for inspection 

Visit the Fair Oaks booth and slide presentation upper level. Central Park Mall. 
Don Smith Company 
698-244o • 698-2832 

O b tain from developer H U D Property R ep ort and read before signing anything. H U D neither approves the m erits of the offering, nor the value, if any, o f the property. 

Buyers seek more, find it in Wildwood 

San Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— Saturday April 2 1977 
Page 
’3-D 

People who are looking for a new home these days are look­ ing for more than a roof over their heads and protection against the elements. 
At today s prices, home buyers are looking for quality construction, econ- 
*omy, aesthetic appeal and location that 
•promises a lifestyle consistent with family hopes and aspirations for the 
‘good life. 
Unique combination 

- hay 
E lliso n ’s 
Wildwood in 
-northwestern San Antonio offers a un­ iq u e combination of price, style, qua­ l i t y and com m un ity en v iro n m e n t 
Mhjell not only gives Wildwood resi- 

CLASSI?IFO DISPLAY 

 dents their money’s worth but throws in m any luxurious ex tras for good measure. 
A weekend visit to Wildwood, out 
Bandera Road, offers the home-seeker a rooftop skyline of chim neys s u r ­ rounded, on all sides, by rolling coun­ tryside and tree-laded horizons. Most 
Wildwood hom es fe a tu re beautiful w oodburning fireplaces that b rin g w arm th and cheery co m fo rt to spacious, paneled family rooms with arched ceilings. 

If that isn’t enough of an energy- saving incentive, each home in Wild­ wood features the renowned Ellison energy-saving package designed to save % or more on utility costs. The energy package consists of extra insu'- 

 lation; double-paned window^; special caulking around windows and doors; power attic ventilators; and unusually efficient air conditioning and heating systems. 
Although energy conservation means a lot today in te rm s of econom y, construction standards in an Ellison home p e rm it no com p rom ise with quality and pay off in long-term econ­ omies for the home builder. 
Long-term quality construction fea­ tures include trusses fabricated for extra strength and durability; the best structural lumber available; top quali­ ty paint that resists chipping, peeling and c h alk in ess for y e a rs; a sp h a lt seal-tab roof shingles for added wind protection; brick chosen for its low 

A wide variety of homes by Ray Ellison is avai- with easy access to shopping centers, schools and lable in W ildw ood. The homes in this desirable recreational facilities, northwestern location are near key expressways, 

 m o istu re re ten tion and chip re s is ­ tance; aheet vinyl flooring and tile; durable, colorful decorator carpet; and solid wood doors with dead-bolt locks. 

All of that quality and more are set in a location with quick access to ma­ jor work centers such as UTSA, USAA and the South Texas Medical Center. 
Despite the proximity to northwest ac­ tion, Wildwood homes are outside the city limits, providing lower monthly 

 payments on new home investments that range from the low $3o$ to the mid-$4os. 
The Wildwood lifestyle includes ex­ cellent educational facilities of the 
Northside School District, featuring top-notch academic programs and sti­ mulating extracurricular activities. 
Wildwood kitchens offer practical convenience and luxury. All are fully equipped with dishwashers, disposers, ranges with self-cleaning ovens and 

CLASSIFIED 

 range vents, along with fine wood ca­ binets which exemplify the exquisite craftsmanship found throughout a Ray 
Ellison home. 

To reach Wildwood, drive out Ban­ dera Road w est un til you see the beautiful Wildwood en tran ce* ay on your right. Professions andcourteous 
Ray Ellison represen tativ es will be delighted to show you W ildw ood’s beautifully furnished model homes. 

CLASSIFIED DISPLAY 
CLASSIFIED DISPLAY 
CLASSIFIED DISPLAY 
CLASSIFIED DISMAY 
CLASSIFIED DISPLAY 
CLASSIFIED DISPLAY 
DISPLAY 
CLASSIFIED DISPLAY 

The Great Success Story in the Northwest! 

COME BE A PART OF THIS HAPPY AND 
THRIVING NEIGHBORHOOD! WE HAVE 
SEVERAL NEW HOMES READY FOR 
IMMEDIATE OCCUPANCY, AND MORE ARE 
UNDER CONSTRUCTION TO MEET THE 
DEMAND FOR NEW HOMES IN WILDWOOD! 

THE FEATURES YOU’RE LOOKING FOR! 

Exclusive Energy Package • Complete carpeting • 
Two full tile baths • Fireplace • Cathedral ceilings 
• Split bedroom plan for privacy • Privacy fencing 
• Patio and landscaping • Built-in electric kitchen 
3/4 masonry exterior. 

HERE’S WHY FAMILIES FLOCK TO THIS 
NORTHWEST LOCATION! 

Northside School District • Minutes to UTSA, USAA, and South Texas Medical Center • Convenient to northwest area shopping centers, recreation, enter­ tainment, and the beautiful Hill Country • Easy access to expressways. 

Furnished models open daily until 8 p.m. take Ban­ dera Rd. 31/2 miles north of N.W. Loop 41o and turn right at the Wildwood sign. 
681-3o2o 

-ll..mm!......ll.! I r v 

 ySSSQR. 

 formal dine 

““Cash price: $38,75o. No down pay­ ment and no closing costs. VA mort­ gage $38,75o. 36o equal monthly prin­ cipal and interest payments of $284.oo for 3o years at 8 % Annual Percentage 
Rate. 
Principal and Interest 
$284.oo 
Taxes (County, State, School) . 
64.oo 
(No!) City Taxes 
-o- 
Insurance 
................ 
19.oo 
TOTAL MONTHLY PAYMENT 
$367.oo 

NO CITY TAXES MEANS 
LOWER MONTHLY PAYMENTS 

NO DOWN AND 
NO CLOSING COSTS, VA 

V 

 m 
| 
| 
I 
<■ sn 
WW 
Ray Ellison Homes 

Air of rusticity kept at Woodhill Apartments 

Built under beautiful oak trees, 
Woodhill 
A partm ents offer r e s i ­ dents the seelusio of country living yet are near the expressway and quick access to the city. 
Not far from USAA and 
UTS A, Woodhill A p a rt­ ments are located at 49o9 
Woodstone Dr., a truly gracious address just off 
NAY. IU IO north of its 
Huebner Road exit. 
On the top and side of a quiet, wooded hill for which it is n a m e d , 
Woodhill provides its re­ sidents with a beautiful unspoiled view of gently rolling hillsides. 
A rustic, contemporary redwood e x terio r and bright, cheerful interiors give the apartment com­ munity a most appealing appearance. 

Se p a ra te a re a s for adults and families are provided at Woodhill. 
A swimming pool, bik­ ing and hiking area and tennis courts are located in a setting resembling a park. The recreational facilities are more than ample for both families and adults. As well, a beautiful clubhouse is now available to r e s i ­ dents. 
Wondhill’s Phase ll is 

W OODHILL APARTMENTS capture rusticity of their wooded hillside 

 designed for young a two-bedroom flat as the schemes, all-electric kit- closets, sto rag e and ad u lts with a one-be- plans offered. Each unit 
(hen with butcher block p a n trie s and enclosed droom flat or studio and contains a choice of color counters, large walk-in patios. 
Project in Windcrest now run by Murray firm 

C L A SSIFY DISMAY 
CLASSIFIED DISPLAY 

Quality Homes in a Country 
Community 
From 

* 55,ooo 
651-6237 

LADSHAW - M ILLER 

Development Co., inc. 

The professional m a n ­ ag e m e n t of W indcrest 
Apartments is now by the reputable Murray Man­ agement Co. 
The project is designed for a p a r tm e n t seekers who want to enjoy the advantages of living in a co m m u n ity of luxury homes. They choose cor­ rectly when they lease an apartment at Windcrest. 
Unique locale 
Located on Willmon 
Way in the suburban city of Windcrest near the in­ terchange of N E. Loop 
41o and N E. IU 35. this complex is unique in that 

C L A S S E D D IS M A Y 

I 

AT WOODHILL YOU 
GET AWAY 
BY GOING HOME 

We have one bedroom flats designed to make it easy for you to 

 live just the way you like. When private moments mean more, our 

 one bedroom offers extra large living and sleeping rooms, plus o 

 separate dining room and a large walk i i closet. 

You’ll enjoy the unique Woodhill Lifestyle — o get away without 

 leaving home. There s lots of fresh a ir . . . quiet nights, three pools, 

 tennis court and two club houses. 

- J ] 
.ii 

.“I — n- 

DININ G KITCHEN 
I 

BEDROOM 
LIVING ROOM 
I J 
69o-17oo 

WOOD 

 it is the tow n's only apartm ent project. The prestigious community will never take in another apartment grouping. 
It is a sizable complex that takes in 15o apart­ ments of various sizes. 
The variety is found in plans of one- or two-be­ droom flats and two choices of townhouses, each with a patio. 
There is plenty of re­ creational activity for those who live at Wind­ c rest 
A p artm en ts. 
Amenities here include an outdoor play area especially for children and picnic grounds with 

Roosevelt High, for in­ stance. is across from 
W indcrest and within walking distance of the complex itself. 

Thermostats 

If you must constantly! raise the setting on your room thermostat to stay com fortable in cold weather, the chances are you have a line-voltage thermostat. These usual­ ly are installed with electric baseb o ard heaters and have the un­ fortunate characteristic 

TOL CANT BLV « 
PCA 
(But You Can Lease It) 
ACC OC MIND | 

I'i'fr 
V 
1 1 
I o n 
F o o c o 
O ' 

TOTT S q . Ft. 

LIVING 

D IN IN G 

 i mm vs 

I§ 
Bt D°OOM 
1 1 iii 

BEDROOM 

 the 
4-Pier 
2 Bedroom 2 Bath 

A couple will find this plan perfectly suited to their growing needs. The master bedroom has on extra large 9 foot walk-in closet, private dressing room and bath. While the huge wall-to- wall closet in the second bedroom, linen closet and pantry provide an enormous amount of storage space. There s formal dining, and a kit­ chen that’s big enough for a snack table. It has a frost free refrigerator, too. The washer-dryer connections are located off the deck. And the penthouse level has a fireplace, bookshelves and beamed and vaulted ceiling. 

First & Second level..........$217. per month 

Third Floor W/Fireploce 
$238. per month 

UFS Style by Q LIFE INVESTORS 
1946 N E ^°p 41o the people you can live with 
826-2355 
I T S 
CUCKOO 
TO WAIT 
ANY 
LONGER. 
To Buy a Home in Oak Meadow 

 barbecue pits. A swim- of “ droop.” ming pool and communi­ ty room also are provided 
That's a problem in­ ter residents’ enjoyment, herent in some of these 
Children living in thermostats, and the best 
Vt indcrest A p artm en ts remedy is to install a attend schools of the pre- low-voltage thermostat ferred North East School advice th* Rot 
District. All grade levels lnstead’ aduses the Bet* a re readily accessible from the p rem ises: ter 
Heating-Cooling 
Council. 

CLASSIFIED DISPLAY 
CLASSIFIED DISPLAY 

■ Building costs are rising. 
A $6o,ooo hom e today will cost m uch more by the end o f 1977. 

■ Sitterlc 
Properties, builders in Oak 
Meadow jre well known for quality construction in San Antonio. 

■ Choose front the greatest selection of luxury-si/e properties “in the trees" 
. . . while they last! 

 really an Oak Meadowlark 

Oak Meadow’s prime location, just 6 m inutes north o f Loop 4 1 o , makes it a j popular choice for living. 

Marketed by Guv Chipman Company whose G UARANTEED SALES PLAN helps you sell your present home while you make the move to OAK 
MEADOW! 

 eadotu 
492-227o 

3, 4 and 5 Bedroom Homes from $54,6oo *V A , Conventional 
Financing*No City Taxes*N E. Schools • Complete Recrea­ tional Facilities • Energy Saving Insulation • Cedar Roofs • Large, 
Wooded, Landscaped Lots • Models Open Daily 

Great bathroom, 
Carol McClannahanf 
Don't be surprised if someone tells you how great your Great America home looks. Because at 
Great America, we believe you can see the difference.quality makes. 
In our garden kitchens, with handfinished cabinets and top quality appliances. In our roomy living areas, with vaulted cathedral ceilings, built-in bookcases and woodburn- ing fireplaces. In our lavish ceramic tile baths, with marble vanities and decorator appointments. 
Even in our generous m as­ ter suites, with private baths and walk-in closets. 
Everywhere you look, there is careful attention to design, styling, practi­ cality and energy-effi- ciency. 
But that's only the in­ side story. Outside, Great 
America homes are strik­ ingly individualistic. Each home is designed for its particular homesite. Some are traditional, others reflect the informality of 
California styling. Some have soaring rooflines, 

 cedar trim and second- story balconies. Others are simple, yet elegant. 
But all are equally suited to entertaining and day- to-day family living. 
You'll find these really great homes in San 
Antonio's finest com ­ munities. In N orthw est 
San Antonio, we have new homes in Park Forest, 
Hidden Creek, Forest Oak 
Estates, and now, 
Elm Creek. In North 
San Antonio, we have new homes in Thousand 
Oaks, The Oaks in 
San Pedro Hills, and 
Hidden Forest. Each com m unity is m inutes from excellent schools, near major shopping and employment centers. 
Prices range from the upper-4o's to $1oo,ooo. 
Visit these fine com ­ m unities today and look for our new red, white and blue signs. For additional information on a particu­ lar community, call 
69o-o3oo. The really great homes in San Antonio are 
Great America homes. 
Just ask any of our hom e­ owners. m GREAT AMERICA 
The really great homes In San Antonia 

42o4 Gardendale, Suite 3o3, 69o-o3oo, Headquarters for Great America Construction Co. 

* 

San A nton io E X P R E S S-N E W S— Saturday A p ril 2 1 9 7 7 
CLASSIFIED DISPLAY 

El 
M a d r id 
A p a r t ­ ments, 6 1 1 1 V ance 
Jackson Rd. in near northwestern San A n ­ tonio, are a project designed for sophisti­ cated, spacious and a ll-a d u lt a p a rtm e n t living. Apartm ents at 
El M ad rid are a v a ila ­ ble in one- and two- b e d ro o m , one- and tw o -bath plans and tw o -b e d ro o m , tw o - bath and den plans. 

New homes at Churchill High School an Patricia Drive. 
Call the Guy Chipman Company at 
344-3951 or contact your Realtor. 

A choice of floor plans from $52,ooo 

C LA SLI rf TO D ISPLAY 

El M a d rid Apartm ents m anaged by G ill Cos. 

PHONE: 696-2846 
9-5:3o Weekdays 
1o-5 Saturday 
1-5 Sunday 

DIRECTIONS: 
From loop 41o Drive North 2'. 
Miles Ort Vance Jackson 
6111 VAMCX JACKSON 

Gracious, Spacious, 
All-Adult Apartment 
Living... garden areas; quiet ser- North Mall and South enity of a heavily wood- Texas Medical Center. cd. established resider!- 
El Madrid is reached tiai neighborhood; and a most easily by exiting locution convenient to the from NAV. Ill Kl onto 
San Antonio Internation* Wurzbach Road, p ro ­ fit Airport and onlv three reeding east, then turn- m in u te s to North Star m g south onto Vance and Central Park Mulls. Jackson Road and eon- 
USA A. 
Wonderland tinning to the project at 
Shopping City. Colonies till! Vance Jackson Rd. 

Sophisticated, s p a ­ cious. all-adult a p a r t ­ ment jiving-can be disco­ vered this weekend at El 
Madrid, 
Hill 
Vance 
Jackson Rd. 
Quiet. convenient apartment living is also offered by El Madrid in e n v i roil men t a 11 y bea u t i - fill surroundings in San 
Antonio's close-in north­ western sector. 
Management 

The personal, profes­ sional management at El 
Madrid is provided by the reputable Gill Cos. firm 
El Madrid offers ideal floor plans, convenient apartment amenities and secu rity in a location sought by many. 
Outstanding features of 
El Madrid include fire­ places in m ost units! decorator wall coverings; washer - dryer connec­ tions; all - electric kit­ chens by GE. with dish­ washers. disposers and frost - free refrigerators in all units two-bedroom in size or larger; and su­ perb color coordination in decoration throughout. 

Apartments at El Ma­ drid arc available in one- and two-bedroom, one- and two-bath and two-be­ droom. two-bath and den plans. R oom m ate a r ­ r a ng em en t floor plans are available. 

El Madrid also offers beautifully landscaped 

ELMAfiRD 

Bedroom 

Service starting as White-Wyatt 

White - W yatt Asso- vision promotion, ciates is a local San Ail- 
Glenn Wyatt is a Bryan tonio real e state and native who attended building firm specialize Texas A&M University, ing in the sales, market- He has been in construe- ing, design and con- Mon since 1953, having struction of residential vast knowledge and ex­ p ro p erties and perience in all phases of commercial facilities of commercial and residen- all sizes. tial building. 
Before 
White - Wyatt Asso- moving to Sun Antonio in eiates is a member of the 1973 to become project. 
G re a te r San 
Antonio manager of the multi-fa- 
B uibiers Association, mily division of a major 
San Antonio Board of new home builder, Glenn 
Realtors and the San An- was associated with K. tonio Multiple Listing B. Butler Inc. of Bryan 
Service. for 15 years and was 
The White - Wyatt As- project manager of the socrates firm is not only design and building di­ active in residential pro-. . . . . ________ , 
, , perties but also in co rn-^ 
“ Assmio o.irtXV" mercial real estate, as well as land and ranches. 
In commercial real es­ tate. land and ranches, the firm will give its ut­ most attention, effort and research to finding and qualifying investm ent opportunities. 
The firm gives person­ al. professional real es­ tate - related services through a limited number of highly quali­ fied Realtors, Realtor - 
Associates and building contractors. 
Jim White is a g r a ­ duate of Abilene Chris­ tian University who has been involved in the real estate industry since 1969 and has held top execu­ tive positions with var­ ious corporations in the marketing and education fields throughout the 
Southwest, including 
Dallas and San Antonio, and in the Southeast including Nashville. 
In San Antonio, White has consulted with and has been associated with three m ajo r h om e­ builders and was r e ­ sponsible for the total marketing program of single-family homes, townhomes and subdi- 

““ 
CLASSIFIED D IS P L A Y _________ 

 vision from 1968 to 1973. 
Three of the many Texas facilities Wyatt directed the building of while with 
Butler were in San An­ tonio: Mission Chevrolet. 
Gunn Oldsmobile and 
North Central Ford. 
The c o rp o rate firm headquarters is located at 3211 Nacogdoches Rd. just I Vi blocks beyond 
Bitters Road. One may call 655-7641 for an ap­ pointment or come by, and the firm will assist you. your friends or bu­ siness associates in any, and all of your real es­ tate needs. 

Bedroom 

2 Bedroom 2 Bath 

Look At These Outstanding Features: 
*• I, 2, 3 Bedroom Floor Plans ★ Fireplaces in most units A 
Decorator wall coverings * All electric kitchens ★ Beautifully landscaped garden areas ★ ALL BILLS PAID 

CLASSIFIED DISPLAY 

CLASSIFIED D IS PLA Y 
Hey, Kid, we’re playing this one just for you.” 

Say, kid, talk to your mom and dad about this deal from the cla y iest outfit in town. These guys from M orton/Southw est were really thinking about your future when they cooked this one up. 
They call it the "Bonus* R oom ” , and you get it from their top o f line 
Success Hom es series. 

Tell ’em you eau buy three and get one free. See! Like for when your new brother and sister com e along and start crowding the joint up. Or for when your pals com e over, and you need to take it oil the lamb. 

And you’ll get a new neighborhood w ith lots o f pizza/. Like a clubhouse, swimming pools, and even tennis courts. 

o 
T 
4 
It’s the classiest neighborhood since 
JI JIjL 
Casablanca. 
STANDARD FEATURES 
J— — —— — 
NOT OPTIONS 
1 3 & 4 Bedrooms 
LJL,* Z \ 

I 2 hand-crafted ceramic 
„' i ^ 
^ 
^ 
^ 
^ 

" ^ch^iT^onditioninfill 
TOP OF THE LINE ALL THE WAY attic to give you more space & quiet 
■ Privaev fence 
„ 
Furnished Models Open 
C H O O 
The Regent 
Daily ’Til Dunk 
O 
O 
D 
' D y o i 

Located right next to Turtle Creek 
G o lf 
Course, the beauty and at­ m osphere surrounding Country Club apartm ents makes it the ideal lo ca­ tion for any living style. 

• All elect. Kitchens 
• Ceiling to floor 

 mirrored closet doors 

• I, 2,3 Bedrooms 
• Imported Spanish furniture 
• Washer & dryer connections 

• Membership to Turtle Creek 

Country Club available 

H63o F A I R H A V E N D R I V E 
696-7o48 m a ste r suite 

Bonus 
Room! 

 brk’fst 

! iv / f n i ri 
-.Wed 

 d in in g 
2 cor g arage 

INSTALLED BY 
GEORGE SMITH. INC. 
OF SAN ANTONIO 
CENTRAL AU CONPmONNG 

^ MOMt 
INHUMATION. 
CINTI* A 
NO PAYMENT ’TIL JULY. NOTHING DOWN 
VA. 8% 
VA FINANCING. EHA & CONV. 
AVAILABLE. 

VALI I Y 
F o*o1 
OLYMPIA 

VALINO* 

N I I O O A 4 IO 
CIMARRON^ ft SAM 
Mom TON martan southwest 

OO w* row* 

(OLT OF TOW N CALL COLL ECT) 
W RITE: P.O. BOX 18128 
SAN ANTONIO, TEXAS 7828o 
Murray Management Corporation 
Subiijiory of Murray favrfKiai Corporation 

Son Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— Soturdoy April 2 1977 
Shade areas add beauty by planting 

Down to Earth 

■%— ................. 
NOW IS THE TIME 
TO BUY A NEW HOME 

By TERRY WILBOURN 
COUNTY EXTENSION MORTICUlTUPIST 
Just because some areas ar­ ound your house are shady be­ cause of trees and the like, don’t think you can’t grow shrubs. 
Many shrubs do well in shady areas. Once established, they don’t require a lot of care 
Here are some suggestions for growing shrubs in shady ureas. First step is to start with nursery stuck adapted to this area. You can piunt any time except during the hottest part (if mid-Summer. When planting shrubs, apply a good mulch around them. Then water regularly. 
Shade ‘classified' 
Most shrubs can use some shade; a few must have it. However, different types of shrubs will tolerate different kinds of shade. 
Shade is classified into four groups; full shade, open shade, half shade and light shade. Let's examine each: 
FELL SHADE - Areas of full shade occur under low-branching trees with heavy foliage. Shrubs in these areas get practically no direct sunlight dur­ ing the growing season. Also, these areas may be unfavorable for shrub growth because the shrub roots are constantly competing with the tree roots for available soil moisture. 

OPEN SHADE - This kind of shade can he found in areas next to the north side of high walls, buildings or trees. 
These areas are in full shade but are open to the sky. 
HALE SHADE — Areas of half shade get direct sunlight either in the morn­ ing or afternoon. This kind of shade is similar to open shade and is caused by a high wall or building facing east or west. 
LIGHT SHADE - Areas of light shade get a broken flow of sunlight. 
This is caused by sunlight filtering through the leaves of high-branching trees. 
Here are descriptions of several shrubs which will grow in various types of shade; 

Japanese andromeda — An ever­ green shrub used as a background or specimen plant, it grows five to eight feet under cultivation. It is valued for its shiny, dark-green foliage and early flowers similar to lily of the valley. 
Young foliage is a rich reddish bronze. 
Plant in light shade. 

Japanese aucuba — An evergreen shrub, used as a specimen plant, it grows as high as 15 feet but generally five to seven feet in cultivation. It is valued for its thick, shiny foliage. 
There are male and female plants. 
Only the female bears bright red berries, but both sexes must be in the same vicinity before these berries are produced. Japanese aucuba, a vigor­ ous shrub, grows in light to full shade. 

Common camellia — Used mainly us a specimen shrub, it is an evergreen that grows 15 to JO feet, six to 12 feet in cultivation. It is valued for its early single or double flowers that ranee from white to deep red and its shiny dark-green foliage. Plant iii light to open shade; ii will not flower in dense shade. The common camellia doesn t do extremely well in some areas of San 
Antonio because of caliche soil. 

Sasangua camellia — It grows from eight to 15 feet and valued for its single 

Crossing located handily 

W hat kind of residence 
(mid In* built at a loca- i ii ti as convenient as 
\ W 
111 lh and NAV 
Loop 41o? 
It s right there that apartment seekers can find The Crossing Apart­ ments. 
This apartment com­ munity offers seven dis­ tinctively different floor plans. Furnished models are open for inspection this weekend 
The Crossing Apart­ ments range rn size from spacious plans, with one bedroom, to immense three-bedroom plans. 
Among standard fea­ tures of The Crossing 
Apartments are totally electric, time-saving kit­ chens with decorator co­ lors. Air conditioning is individually controlled. 
The 
Crossing also offers luxurious items such as fireplaces in larger apartments. 
Apartment groupings at The Crossing are ar­ ranged in well defined, distinct adult and family sections, as well as contemporary designs. 
The family section fea­ tures “ tot lots" as fully equipped play areas for children where they can he watched easily from apartments. As well, the youngsters have their own pool. 
Two large heated pools are on the grounds of The 
Crossing s adult section. 

 and semi-double flowers that range from white to pink and bloom in Au­ tumn Sasanque camellia is used as a specimen plant, in shrub borders, as flowering hedges or. after training, to grow on a trellis. Plant in light to open shade; little flowering will occur in dense shade. 
Coralberry — Also called Indian currant, it is a deciduous shrub that grows three to six feet. It is valued for its clusters of red berries and its abi­ lity to grow in dry, shady places. Cor­ alberry spreads easily, ll is an excellent shrub for slopes and banks. 
Plant in half shade. 
English ivy and Algerian ivy — 
Creeping, trailing evergreen vines that will grow almost anywhere, they are used us ground covers and for clinging to walls and tree trunks. Plant in any shade. 
Drooping leucothoe — An evergreen shrub that grows four to six feet, it is valued for its white flowers in early 
Spring and for its shiny dark-green foliage, which turns bronze in Winter sun. Drooping leucothoe is used in shrub borders or is mixed in with other evergreens. 
Prune away older branches to keep the shrub in vigorous condition. Plant in moist peaty soil in any shade. 
Leatherleaf Mahonia and Cluster 
Mahonia — Upright growing evergreen shrubs. Leatherleaf has yellow flowers in early Spring and grows to five to six feet. The Cluster has large clusters of yellow flowers in early Spring and grows to four to five feet. Plant both in areas protected from winds and in light to half shade. 

Nandina — An evergreen shrub that grows six to eight feet, it is noted for its large clusters of white flowers in mid-Summer. its fine textured foliage and its red berries in Autumn and 
W inter. Nandina is used in shrub borders and as an ornamental in front of taller evergreen plants. Plant in light to open shade. 

Fragrant sarcococca — An ever­ green shrub that grows to U 2 feet, it is valued for its glossy foliage. Fragrant sarcococca is used as a tall spreading ground cover, as a foreground for evergreen shrubs or as a low edging. 
Plant in almost any shade. 

Winterereeper — An evergreen shrub that grows eight to IO inches, the variety gracilis is valued for its varie­ gated leaves. Winterereeper is used chiefly as a ground cover. Plant in any shade. 
Asiatic jasmine — A low-grow ing (IO to 12 inches), dark-green evergreen vine used principally as a ground cover. It is somewhat slow to cover on initial planting but will make a dense cover. Plant in any shade. 
Japanese pittosporum — Ari ever­ green shrub that grows six to IO feet, it is valued for its white flowers in late 
Spring and its shiny dark-green fo­ liage. Japanese pittosporum is used as a specimen plant or as a hedge. Plant in light shade. 
Fatsia — A leathery leaf evergreen of approximately six to eight feet in height. The glossy seven to nine lobed leaves occasionally grow 12 inches across. The flowers are small but ap­ pear in large, showy branched clusters in the Fall, followed by light blue berries. 
This by no means is a complete list of shade-loving plants, but it should give you some insight into shade ver­ sus sun-loving plants. 
CLASSIFIED DISPLAY 

Gardeners' Questions-Answers 

By TERRY WILBOURN 
COUNTY EXTENSION MOffTICUlTUSlST 

Are there any native trees in this area that will make large shade treeso 

Sure. Texas Red Oak. pecan. 
Cedar Elm, Live Oak and 

Are there going to be any other programs in con­ junction with the two grafting workshops coming up on April ii and 7? 

 fj 

Yes. there are. On 
Monday, April 4, at 7:3o p.m. at the Town Hall at 
Wonderland Shopping 
City, there will he a meeting on home fruit production. Then, on 
Tuesday. April 3, at 7:3o p.m.. again at the Town 

CLASSIFIED DISPLAY 
M GOq© 
Crossing 

SWS 

Family & Adultj 

S e c t io n s ^ - " '" " 

( . h i b h oust* y 

I, 2 & 3 Bedrooms from $16o 

THE CROSSING 
3431 Oakdale 

3 4 9 - 2 7 2 6 

Hall in Wonderland, there will be a meeting on pecan production. 
Then, of course, there will he the workshops on 
Wednesday* and Thurs­ day. April 5 and 6. that were mentioned in last week s column. 

... .. . 
---- _ 
..... 
. 
. 
. 
_______....... ... 
AMOURBOP UtftJan cuuainco wseuiY 
Classified otSPiAr wm 

Is there anything unusual about finding white bluebonnets? 

Unusual, yes. hut not found around San Anton- rare. The most common io does occasionally pro­ specie of bluebonnet duce white flowers. 

Questions on various aspects of law n, garden or plant 

 care, as well as landscaping, can be answ ered in this 

 column 
Please address any correspondence to the columnist himself and not to this new spaper. Correct mailing address is: Down to Earth, c / o Terry Wil- bourn. County Extension Horticulturist, Texas A gricul­ 

 tural Extension Service, 2o3 VV. N uevo St., Room 

31o. San Antonio, TX 7 8 2 o 7 . 

UaM «t 41o md M IO 
■tress frere WmdRrtand 

CLASSIFIED D ISPLAY 
CLASSIFIES D ISPLAY 

A P A R T M E N T 
M E A N T F O R 
SHARING 

Identically sized b ed ­ rooms make this two- bedroom, townhouse-style apartment perfect for sha­ ring! 
Each has a large walk-in closet and full bath. 

The kitchen is spacious and by a walk-in utility room with washer-dryer connections. 

You'll find the dining and living areas comfortable and the atrium an asset for parties, cookouts, or private sunbathing. 

L'Atriums are secluded from the rush of town by an area of native oaks that form a setting perfect for its large swimming pool. 

W E S T A R T W IT H A P A T IO A N D 

1 9 

ONE. TWO. and THREE BEDROOMS 

UNFURNISHED. ALL BILLS PAID. 

L’ATRIUMS OF 

 r M 
N 
N 
A 
M 
o 
N 

92 ll DARTBROOK DR. 6%-oU6 

^ e a l Locating 

Fit Your Needs 
TUCKED AWAY 
AMONG THI TREES jir g 
YET ONLY ONE 

MINUTE FROM IH IO 

ADULT & FAMILY 
SECTIONS 
. 
69o-17oo 
49o9 WOOOSTOflf 

F O R QUICK 
RESULTS A N D 
EXTRA VALUE 

C A L L 2 2 5 - 7 4 1 1 

*- --Affy n 

3243 

, 
A v 1 
I ^ rf^\ £\ 
Sundance 
4615 GARDENDALE 
69o-832o 
CHANGING CONCEPTS IN. 
ADULT LIVING 

A N A PA R T M EN T H O M E 

U N FO R G E T T A B L E A S ITS N A M E 
CONV! NII NY iOCAriON ANO OntlTlfS PAID 
8o51 BROADWAY 
824-oo61 
828-7393 

 fifty 

 mol***1*"* mmmmrn 

L U 
I 

/ 

.1 

12 3 
Bedrooms 

UR: Sty!* by 
Q urwvestors 

APARTMENTS. 

9525 LORENE 
3 4 4-98 8 8 

HOMESTYLE APARMENT 
LIVING 
451 5 Gardendale 
691-1o44 

B b M A O R IS a p a r t m en t s 

• Fwepioces 
• "Complete All electric kitchens 

• W asher Dryer 
Connections 
• All Brits Paid 

696-2846 
6111 Vance Jackson 

O C O U N T R Y C L U B 
A P A R T M E N T S 

\ » id e a l 

N e x t lo T o rii# - 
I .ob I uurff 

KOLO |jg r lu > r « l l m r 

/st 

® The Heritage 
Apartments 
11 different floor plows — 
AH with pedRtw 
Priced from $ 2 1 5 — AB (U K P o d 
1543 Babcock 
341-2228 

^OUTHcaoss 
A IM T M B IT UMINA 

T e r r a 

411 EVEREST 

EURN& UNfURN 

IDEAL FOR COUPLES 

■ ANO SIUOENTS 

828-533o 

© 
IDarfc Cdnnt 
Aport uncut C— W My 
TV MONI! (MFD SHIMMY-UKKR PATIOS 
LUXURIOUS CLUB K X M -CYM t SAMAS 
I 2 3 BOP 
‘ i t Bath 
SI 85 S2/5 (turn Add I UEIttDfS. PO 
7o11 BANDERA ID. 
4M-4I 91 
Between HAkml A CaBogkw 
A lek Oma Ap—tnt mt Ce 

I 82 Bd. 
From SITO 

AN BHK Paid 

1o7o7 IN IO West 

->V ‘Bi* 
© 

NOB 
HIU 
’APARTMENTS 

Nob Hill Apartments off IH IO 
7626 Callaghan Road/349-1217 

SOUTH SEA 
APARTM ENTS 

LEISURE LIVING 
SUPER LOCATION 

BLANCO AT JACKSON KHUOT 
*543 SOUTH SEA IM I 
341-6251 

©FRENCH CHALET 
165o JACKSON KELLER 

THE ULTIMATE APARTMENT 
COMMUNITY 
344-4616 

© LA PLAZA APTS* 
“ T E N N IS W O R L D ' 
• RACQUETBALL. HEALTH. AN C EXERCISE O M 
• ADULT AND FAM ILY SECTIONS 
• (URNISHO ANO UNTURNISMfD A A A ! T W IN tx 
UTH 11 HS RAID 
• NORTHEAST SCHOOLS 'M IS W B V K E 
• MOUTH IT A * ANO CENTRAL R A B * M ALL ARRA 
MS N.W. LOOP 41o 
341-4621 t:. 

© 

O b a b c o c k 
$ n o r t h 

APARTMENTS 
C o u n try liv in g in the C ity 

H m B tR RM 
AptV 
MRO 

Unfirm shed 
4 wries narrii Rf Imp 4M on BabcRtk, tem lift o 
5 po rajitme 

6S42 Iprmq trend) 
69o-146o 

'A r*tcht%*lrr Stuart* 
\|Mrtaii4'iit' 
I. 2, 3 apl*. 
I ■—'< rn, «t t« I ort ami Kami.. tpk 

I t l l w a i n t u % . 
K2K-nor> 

© w W ATER 
SC A R ED 
APA RTM EN TS 

 t h e 
[Pier 

1946 N t troop 41o 
W I Stubby 
(Harry Wurzbach Exit) 
QUFEWV6TOIS 
826-2355 

• k l BR!*!ABBR 

NOtlNEAST 

Q k i v * 1 e r n a c e 

^ p p a n t m a n t s 

T h e c a ll o f n tw ain ! iii* I 
Y e w vie* 
12221 Homo Rood 
492-2171 

SH FU R1IGR 

Y ou o w e it lo yourself to see our apartm ents 
2554 Northeast loop 41o 656-1222 

C o u n try V M a g e 

\|»a r l i i n i i l - 

I . ll. 3 hi ilriMHii- 
-* lf'Id- (MHI. I .* I ll*, ll. \ I. nu.I. 1 .1,111.1 .lilt, from SIGO 
H I lf» < ..K ith s I ' l l .. . l«:*U.r>7 2 l 
__________A MAC Managed Property _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ 
© 
The Aristocrat Apts. 
Modem I Bd. Apts. 
$175 Unfurnished - $19o trashed 
Convenient to AM Southside locations 
SSS Hutchins 
927-4141 
A M A C * * 
* ©hw^re^redM* 
4m sMMNm 
^HQmmqpOMm ^W 
■■ *.. 
© 

T e s t 
APARTMENTS 

69o-ooo1 

© The BRITTANY 

A S O P H IS T IC A T E D ADULT C O M M U ­ 
N ITY W IT H A P O O L IN E A C H C O U R T 

Y A RD 
H A LF B L O C K O F F L O O P 4 1 o 

N E A R N O R T H STA R M A LL. 

86o7 JONfS-MALTSBEtGH 
3 4 1 - 3 1 2 6 I 

© 
NORTHEAST LL REA 

 cPerrin (Plaza 
I & 2 BDR. A TOWNHOUSES 
Golden apis with clean wed Sept spacious grounds, patios, balconies p o o l w ok So ska* ping, features plus 

P e rr in - B e ite l R d . 
A S S - 7 1 2 2 

 lr 

• Tm* faro. * utrtiir nsned 
• Pool A loundry 
BeRseems 
• level, Private Path 
656-2116 
IIM GB* lettRRR Close lo Rot.3 ,iu> ->*’ 
Pork 
Village: 
V furl nu iii- W 

• RMtrilVOt PMM MAU 
• kBOBTts! AST xCMOQti etURMAMiaafe 

• pmd unum 
PRN Att Mint 
POOH A PARTY BOOM 
CAJA B*y fee* Bt** 
6 5 3 - 7 3 o o 

NORTHGATE 
539 ELEANOR 
824-oo19 
WESTGATE 

/aum )(oo4/ 
AN ADU1T APARTMENT COMMUNITY 
All AML Mints • ON BUS UNL e ONI 
BIOCX FROM ST MARY s e CNC BIOCX 
FROM SHOPPING • f URN ADO* 

I 2 4 3 BDR 
SISO to $24 5 
UTH l l lf S P A ID 
33o1 Mi. WOOOUWN 4M-B3N 
4 Aa ©* ©CSV 
•ufctWt f lYlflniJtAlt > 

The jtatnruan 

W it Ii ■ iu id ti mil ©6 

71 34 *11 Q u r e iS S k s 
' 

San Antonio EXPRESS-NEW S— Saturday April 2 I 977 

CLASSIFIED 
Better Living 
Section 

“EL DORADO” 

A pleosont surprise awaits 

 you when you see how much home this cottage gives you for so little 

 down, assume. 

"WINDSOR SQUARE” 

Brick I story, 3-2-2. Wired for stereo and intercom, beautiful entry. 
Assume 
7% loan. Call for details. 
822-33o1 
H A R T M A N R E A LT O R S 

PRE-OWNED HOMES 
TO RELL HILLS 
A sweeping circular drive, leods to this 4 bedroom, 3 both home with 3 fireplaces. Nestled among giant trees on over an acre of land with room for swimming pool and tennis court. Elegant location for the very discrim inating. Nites 826-7668. 
NEAT 3 BED RO O M 
3-1 to-I, nice trees, stove and refrigerator remain, lorge pan­ try, priced to sell. Nites 826- 

Looking for a new hom e? 

TODAY S YOUR LUCKY DAY. . . 
| 

High Country Estates 
656-4471 

$41,15o to $53,4oo 
Nacogdoches at Judson 
M eadow W ood North 
4 9 4 -6 1 6 3 

$34,ooo to $41,45o 
Jones-Maltsbgr at Thous. Oaks 
The Great Northw est 
684-11 23 

$38,5oo to $55,1oo 
FM 471 at Culebra 

• VA, 
FHA, 
Conventional 
• Fireplaces 
• Double 
Garages 

• North East or Northside Schools. 

“ALAMO HGTS” 

G iv e your youngsters o break, buy this hom e near 
C am brid ge 
School and playground, priced in 
3 o s. 
Call 
8 2 8 -3 3 o 1 . 
N ites 8 2 8 4 5 o o . 
“TERRELL HILLS” 

C harm ing 4 bedroom , 3 bath home, brand new kit­ chen, ideal hom e for grow ing family. 
Price reduced. 
O ffice 
8 2 8 
3 3 o 1 . N ites 7 3 5 6 6 3 8 . 

H A R T M A N R E A LT O R S 

WE’RE HERE FOR YOU 
LUXURY LIVING 
ALAMO HGTS SCHOOLS 

ROYAL OAKS-flRST Off {RING. 
Magnificent Contemporary 4 S bdrm, 4to baths, all rooms have glass view of courtyard with htd, pool 

TERRILL HILLS - Elegant ? story brick 
High ceilings, handsome millwork. 4-3, qtrs., 
3-car garage 
9-hole putting green. 
CONTEMPORARY 
MASTER­ 
PIECE - On acre setting. 4-3 to, htd pool 

TERRELL HILLS - Sophisticated 
3-2. Garden room opens to brick terrace 2ox2o master suite. 

TERREII HH IS - Old World 
Chorm. Completely renovated two years ago 4-4to plus qtrs. 
Master suite with dual dressing rms. 
TERREII HILLS — overlooking golf course. 2-story brick, 3-4 odrms, 2 to baths, fireplace in living room, formal dining, qtrs. 
Central heat-air, sprinkler system. 

COUNTRY U N I - luxurious 
4-5 bedrooms, on over on acre. 
Large pool with space for tennis court. 4 toepieces. Guest house, qtrs. 

3 B E D R O O M 
B R IC K C O L O N IA L 
Enjoy this superb area in high location. Large shade trees. 
2ox17 covered patio and other energy saving features. 
531,9oo 
Open 
Terms. 
Evenings, Cathy 826-8734 
CENTURY 21 
Delaney Realty 
653-o55o 

D U A L FIR EPLA CE 
Separates sunken, formal living room from the fomity room, formal dining area and lafge utility room, 3 bedroom, 2 bath dbl. gorage, nicely landscaped yard with many frees. CENTURY 21 - James 
Glascock A Associates 656-7717 

• R e a l E s t a t e 

• M o b i l e H o m e s • R e n t a l s 

IN D EX 

25o— Office Spore Wonted 

752— Real blate Sell oi f (change 

254— Reel Estate Wonted 

256— Seal Estate loons - Notes 

.258— Real Estate loans Wonted 

R IAL ISTATt 

CUL-DE-SAC 
I 
A cathedral beamed ceiling | lends spaciousness to this lovely I 
3-2-2 home, located on a quiet I cul-de-sac. 
Available in late | 
June. Nites 656-4781. 
I 
EXTRA NICE 
S 
Newly painted on a quiet cut- I de-sac. 4-2-1 has split bedroom I plan, double gate to backyard I 
Nites 494 2191. 
I 
COME AND TALK 
Owned by Morton Southwest I 
Realty, we will cut this price to I the minimum to sell. Move in I now, 3-2-2, with formal living I and dining rooms plus separate I family room. 
Privacy fenced I yard. Nites 824-9818. 
A BEST BUY 
This immaculate 
3-2-2 with many extras has been REDUCED and is ready for immediate oc­ cupancy. Nice lawn, privacy fen­ ced and oak trees. Nites 656- 
8218. 
U VE O A K BEAUTY 
3-2-2 has much TIC. Walk to elementary. Quick occupancy. 
Under $3o,ooo. Nites 658-1428. 
YOU N C FAMILY 
Assume 7 % loan on this 3-1-1, fully equipped kitchen, high on hill, fenced yard. Extra clean. 
Nites 494-2191. 
CORNER LOT 
Well landscaped, 4-2-2 with fireplace will thrill you. Excellent design and so appealing! 
Refrigerator and dryer stay. 2 patios. Nites 658-1428. 

I 
CAMELOT ll 
I 
UNDER $4,ooo equity moves you into this SUPER CLEAN 3-2-2 with 
SPACE GALORE, huge master bedroom, custom drapes, corner lot. Move ini Nites 658-1428. 

I 
PICTURE PRETTY 
You'll find it hard to resist this 
Californion with custom drapes. 
Freshly painted inside and out 
I 4-2-2, in excellent condition. 
Nites 658-1428. 

COM E A N D TALK 
I Assume low equity on this extra 
I clean, 4-2-2. Hos everything. 
I Must see now! Nites 494-2191. 

S P A R K U N C JEWEL 
I 3-2-2, fully carpeted, garden 
I kitchen, covered patio. SUNKEN 
I conversation area, fireplace, 
I professionally landscaped. Im- 
I mediate occupancy. 
Randolph 
I area. Nites 658-1428. 

REMODELED 
J-l, •»•* J,OOO ft <ft lf*me i m 
. 
Suit:,* kitfft** wrtfc ft n& m nt. lemty few* 14x2o xxi* Mfaxrt* 
Off VMI WHI, tare* '"f** '• * " '•*•? 
Hew* » twe»t»d and 
(uftern dimn thmwrt 
H ill telonwe wilL pel Beer. bft*nei ximeWMi rtdeweted Swiwwmf peel mJ ttimn ceint ie wee. 
PU ltd »e si Kfteeft weft 
*• *ft- prvcwt* dill veep** Iwe* SM.SOffa- 
CtNIUtV 71 • WI Nrtrim Realty esj-em, ft.t.»»ss im 

2o1 - Real {stole Notices 

2 o ?— Houses Open for Inspection. 
2o4— Property Out of Town 

2o6— Condominiums • Townhouses 
2o8-Rpoitments, Duplexes 

21o— Mouses - Noftheest 

212 - Mouses - Northwest 
214— Houses— Southeast 

216— Houses— Southwest 
218—Houses Moved and Wrecked 

22o— Houses loc Trode 

222— Miscellaneous Reol blote 

224— Houses. Sole or Rent 

226 - Suburban Property— far tog* 

228 -Resort Properties 
23 o -lo ts 

232— farms and Ranches 

234— forms ond Ronrhes for Rent 

236— (ommertral Property -Sole 

238— Commercial Property (Lease) 

24o -(om m ernol Property (Wanted) 
242— Industrial Property for Sole 

2 4 4 - Industrial Property for Lease 

2 4 6 - Industrial Property Wonted 

?48— Office Space lot tease 

SUTTON PLACE 

175o Sq. ft., 2 targe bedroom with 2 to baths. End unit with fireplace Maintenance fee in­ cluded All utilities. TOP CON 
OTHON. ONLY $44,ooo 
CEN 
TURY 21, Moneysovers Realty. 

656-242o 

Coates Development Co 
Courtesy to Brokers 
F IR S T O F F E R IN G 
S b e d ro o m e x e c u tiv e h om e worthy of House Beautiful! Over 
43oo sa. ft of com fortable fam ily liv in g in p re s tig io u s n e ig h b o r­ hood. Call tor details. 824-o213 
COOK CO R E A L T O R S 

TRADE IN 
3o? - Mobile Homes lot Rent 

 your old house for o new oil brick home. 

E A S Y T O D O : 

You pick one of our new hom es ond we fake your old house in trode. N o bother, no double p a y ­ ments. 

Rf AD THIS OR DIE!! from the embarrassment of having missed the sweetest home buying bargain of your lite Super Sharp, modern, 3 bedroom, 2 both, 2 car garage home 
Kitchen complete. 
Carpeted Privacy fenced Ap praised, $32,ooo. Super buy. 
CENTURY 21 
HAP RESER 653- 
6182. Anytime 

O L D C A M E L O T lovely 
Spanish 
Style 
3 bedroom, ? both ond finished double gofoge, king site master suite, huge den ond separate formal dining. Tree shaded lorge yord with sculptured yard. >37,9oo on open terms. 
Coll 828-57o4. 
CENTURY 71 
BOB RODGERS, REALTORS 

4o1 - Aportments f urnnhvd 

4o2— Housekeeping Apt furn 

4o4 - Apartments, Unfurnished 

4o6— Houses, Duplexes 

— furnished 

4o8— Houses, Duplexes 

— Unfurnished 

41o— Houses, Rent or Sell 

412— Rooms, furnished 

414— Rooms, Unfurnished 
416— Rooms with Bonrd 

418— Wont to Rent or leose 

Litre new. 4 bedroom s, on auiet cul de sac tor only $36,ooo. N.E. schools, fireplace, E a sy assu m p ­ tion. Quick M ove in. A lot of house tor the price. Nites, 492-1668. 
349-4343 or 349-3535 Anytim e 

C oll today on how to trade in your old house o n a new ail brick home. 
R E A L T O R S-B la n c o Rd. Ofc 
A R E A L S T E A L in M a c A rt h u r 
T e rra c e . 4-2to-2, 2 sto ry . 22oo sa.ft. living. $49,9oo. 656-1234 
659-o471 
C O U N T R Y 
I SID E 
S U N G A T E 

7-Story, 4 large bedrooms, 2 bath, covered polio, carpeted. 
Convenient to 
-Loop 
41o, schools, Windsor Park Moll and future 
Post 
Offke. 
Large privacy fenced yord with big beautiful tree. 
CENTURY 21 
Wayne fagus Realty 
654 6555 

T W O S U M M E R H IL L 

G A R D E N H O M E S 
SAN AN TO N IO 
REAL ESTATE SECTIONS 

3-1-1, A ssum e $2ooo equity and 7 % 
V A loan. $141 per mo. paym ents. 
653-7439________________ _________ 
F L E X IB L E USE 
H o m e , a p ts, or o ffic e s, i s spacious rooms, 4 baths on large lot in beatfful L a u re l H e ig h ts. 
Good condition thruout. $63,5oo. 

Fireplaces, all electric kitchens, 

 vaulted ceilings, 3 bedrooms, 2 

 baths. One you ton choose 

 your own colors. Neat Churchill 

High 
School. 

CENTURY 21 
Stevens-Rohde 828-5544 

LOOF3 41o 
B A R G A IN H U N T IN G ? $375 is all it tokes to get into this 3 bedroom hom e with air, a p p lia n c e s and carpet. Don't pass it up! 696-o974 
Fortuna Associates, 696-1412 

Thinking of Spring... 
.. .ami swimming? And want to onioy the EASY UFI? ... 
Then see this luxury garden home! Exceptionally appointed property. Small yard tor the lacy living mid a beautiful swim pool for exercise and en­ tertainment. 
$65,ooo. 
EASY 
ASSUMPTION! 828-6343, eves 
655-264o. 

 r n c o r n u s I 

 nun* 
F O R F A S T title service with no u n n e c e ssa ry delay let A L A M O 
T IT L E 
CO. handle the 
Oeal. 
227-o231.__________________________ 
Bargain Haulers Special 
No down paym ent to anyone. 3-4 bedroom s, 2 baths, som e with air and appliances, first paym ent in 
June. 
B O B D e P A O LO 
344-3o91________________R E A L T O R 
B A R G A IN P R IC E D — M u st sell. 3 bedrooms, 2 bathe, patio, carpet, built-in*. $26,ooo Call 
IN T E R S T A T E 828-o755 til 8 pm 
B E A U T IF U L L Y landscaped 3-2-2, carpet- b u iltin *, p riv a c y fence, extras. $37,ooo. See now. 
IN T E R S T A T E 828-o755 til 8 pm 
B E D R O O M furniture, bunk beds, 
Tressle table, $75. full size bed, dining set. $1oo. 654-6263__________ 

OPEN IO AM TIL DARK 
HOLLYWOOD PARK 
2 CUSTOM HOMES 
BUILT BY 
MELTON GEORGE ENT- 
RON EUBANK BUILDER 

137 
RIDGETRAIL 
- 
3 bedroom, 2 bath, living and dining room, and large den with corner fireplace. 

IO! 
SHADEY TRAIL 
- 
4 bedroom, 2 both, I large liv­ ing area, formol dining room. 

Both homes feature plush quality carpet, cedar shake roofs, microwave ovens, to acre lofs, low low taxes. 

Take San Pedro North to 
16o4, West to Trailcrest en­ trance, follow open house signs. 

COMPASS REALTY 
494-16o1 494-3o12 

W OODSTONE , 
4 9 4 8 W O O D S T O N E 
Country and carefree living con be yours today. See these ex­ citing new townhomes with gorgeous hill country view 
Northwest area near UTSA and 
USAA. $38,7oo to $48,4oo. Only 
5 % down with one yeor buy back plan. For details, call 69o 
1192. 
Naylor Realty Inc. 

F o r Sale B v Ow ner, 3-1 to-!, full carpet, stove , re frig ., c e n tra l heat-air, fenced yard, 661-5281. 
F O R S A L E B Y O W N E R 
C am elot I. 3 2 2. W alk to 3 N E schools and W indsor M all H uge m aster suite, cathedral ceilings, all kitchen aopls, water softener, e x t ra c lo se ts, p r o f e s s io n a lly la n d s c a p e d , c o v e r e d p a tio , 
539,DOO Call far appt. No agents. 
653-8291___________________________ 

4 ASSOCIATES 

Each office independently o w n e d 

4-2-2 F O R $31,95o. Will go 1oo% V A or FH A . JVS year old property In very neat condition, N E Schools. 
Q U IC K O C C U P A N C Y ! Ju st list­ ed see quick! 
<28-6343, eves 
653-9596 

4-2-2 Townhouse ----- 
. . . for $49,5oo! Loaded in prestigious WINDCREST. Near 2ooo sq. ft. of luxury living of this outstanding price and location. 
LOW, LOW TAXESI No Condo fee! 
Prite on this property hos been drastically reduced for a now 

 purchase! 
828-6343, eves. 653-9596 
["^CO RNELIUS I 

L H & ASSOCIATES I 

“A DAILY DIP’r 
Can now become your routine-ins- tead of >j dream. This 4ox2o heat­ ed pool is NOT the only extra here. 
Spacious oil brick, 
4 bedrooms plus 16x12 study, 3 baths, automatic sprinkler system. 
Many other extras. 
$76,5oo Call Frank Roland) 341- 
9191, Niles 344-1932. 
NAYLOR REALTY 
GALLERY OF HOMES 
341-9191 691-1121 656-552o 

4 B E D R O O M S $26,5oo 
R e a d y tor la rg e fam ily. All a p ­ p liances rem ain. L a rg e fenced yard for pets. 824-o171 

A must see 3 bedroom s, 2 baths, central heat-air, fenced yard, no down paym ent to anyone. C o ll 
824-4521, nites 674-o744 
New innovation in townhom es to be seen in the San P e d ro H ills 
Tow nhom es on Brookhollow Dr. 
Feel free to drive out or call, and w e'll meet you and exp lain the layout, since they are still under conetruction. C hoose yo u r own decor now! 
Call 349-1436 Anytim e 

REAL ESTATE 

2 baths in a split bedroom plan. 
E n jo y y o u r s u m m e r u n d e r a lovely covered patio with stone bar b a pit. All this can be yours, for $24,ooo, at $168 month. 
656-3ooo A n ytim e 

B E T T E R T H A N R E N T IN G . New hom e in N o rth e a st on V A with buy-back. Som e w ith d e fe rre d payments. Call 653-6364 NOW. 

O L D ' A L A M 6 H E I G H T S ! A prim e location for a 2 story home with that 'F a rm h o u s e Feeling*. 
Big, front porch, pine floors and a fireplace... 4 bedroom s (2 are en­ ormous, 2 only huge!) 
$58,5oo 
R E A L T O R S 
824-9631 
INC, R E A L T O R S 
Townhome, Rolling Ridge Village, 
3-2, large living area, cathedral ceilings, balcony, sundeck, fenced patio, pool, club house. A ssu m e new interest loan, or refinance. 
By appt. 684-3359._________________ 

B E T T E R T H A N N EW , This 3-2-1 in P a rk N orth has ran ge , d ish ­ w a sh e r, d isp o s a l a n d d ra p e s. 
P ric e d al only $26,9oo on open terms. No down to V A purchaser. 
Better hurry 
828-8195. 
R E A L T O R S 

R oom y 4 bedroom, 2to bath home situated on a quiet cul-d e-sac. 
Fully carpeted, 2 living areas with fireplace in fam ily room . V e ry clean. Northeast schools. A v a ila ­ ble now. For viewing, call 654-1844 
A N Y T IM E 

N e ar shop p ing center, schools, 
$3o,ooo. A ssum e 5J«% note, 3-1-1, range, w asher, custom drapes. 
Quiet, private, excellent condi- hon. 82o6 Campobello. 655 5174. 

Convenient to N E M ilitary bases, sc h o o ls, o n d s h o p p in g 
T h is spacious ram bler is com plim ent­ ed bv complete land scap ing and sw im m ing pool. Otters 4 bedroom, separate living and dining room s, fam ily room with fireplace, eat-in kitchen ond co ve re d patio. A s ­ s u m e (e q u ity n e g o t ia b le ) o r refinance. $59,8oo. 653-2981 Open house Sot-Sun. Ipm -5pm__________ 

O N E O F T H E L A R G E S T hom es in Live Oak, 4-2 2, cornet, drapes, covered patio oft garden kitchen and fireplace. A ssu m e with re a ­ sonable equity or refinance. Im ­ mediate occupancy. Call 828-8195 
Now. R E A L T O R S 

S H A V A N O P A R K 
ONN SUN. I TO 5 
156o8 N.W. MILITARY DR. 
Contemporary retirement home surrounds large brick court yard 
Massive fireplace, high windows for sunlite. All on 2 beautifully treed otres. Easy to buy. Come 

<824-2391, Anytime 

 rnw m 
DEAN,E 
R J A 
OWENS co 
REALTORS— MLS 
Austin Hwy- of<- 

£ COMMERCE ST 
L O V I IS HUKE 
I 
3-2 2 with fireplace ... Low equi- I ty ond move in now. Close to I elementory ond super clean. I 
Nites 826-7668. 
I 

REAL CHARMER 
I 
3-2-2, Volley Forge home. Cow I equity, nicely arranged, quick I possession. Nites 822-9438. 
I 

D A M E R O O M 
I 
Fresh os spring. 3-2 with finish- I ed game room. OPEN living con- I cep! 
Master bedroom, 18x1o I 
1oo% brick. Nites 658 1428. 
' I 

LA ROSITA 
I 
3-2-2 bonus room for game I room or formal dining. Fireplace I and redwood covered polio 
I 
Nites, 824-9818. 
J 

DAY OR NIGHT I 

6 5 5 - 6 8 4 8 
J 
« H o rto n j l s u u t l n v e ^ 
JU r e a l t y J 

P riva te 12x26 pool, no m ain ten­ ance fees. 18oo sq. ft. 2 2-2, super nice. 
N E SC H O O LS 
I s p a c io u s liv in g a re a , 3-3-2, drapes, covered patio, ingrou nd pool, privacy fence. $35,5oo 
R O SSI R E A L T Y _________ 494-7781 
B IG D E A L for today Is this lovely 3 bdrm, 2 bath, 2-car g a ra g e hom e In the 
Northeast. Only $29,95o. 824-o171 

C H A R M IN G , 3 bdrm , 2 bath, for- mal liv-din, big den, 656-4827. 
W O O D B R ID G E T O W N H O M E S 
In town Loc. Super Am enities 
31o2 Eisenhauer_________ 826-63o 

3-2-2, <2) Open living areas, dining orea, utility area, screened patio, p riva cy fence, $35,5oo. $246 per mo. 655-8842._______ ____________ 
O W N E R L E A V IN G . M u s t sell 
A ssu m p tio n $55,9oo. S p a c io u s 
4-2-2, m any extras. 242o sq tt. liv- tng area. N E. Schools 494 1433 

C H A R M O F T H E O L D in elegant area. 3 bedroom s, 2 baths, fire- placed den. $58,ooo. Call 
IN T E R S T A T E 828-o755 hi 8 pm 

C H U R C H IL L H IG H SC H O O L 
4 bedroom, 2 bath, den, fireplace, plush carpet, cathedral celling, m ic ro w a ve oven, e le c tric k it­ chen, big lot. 349-65o3, 826-69o3 

G A R D E N R ID G E... approx. % of an acre... the site of an ail rock hom e with a 2ox4o d ivin g pool! 
Pe b b le d d e c k in g a n d an e n o r­ mous, cowered patio! Open living room with an atrium, entry and I fireplace... another fireplace is In the m aster suite! 5 bedroom s in oil, 3 d e c o ra to r baths. L a v is h country living! Ottered at 
$11o,ooo. 
R E A L T O R S 
653-7341 

H orn** 
S o u t h e a s t 

2 1 4 

H o m e s 
S o u t h w e s t 
216 

Oak Hollow Estates is a fast ap pre ciatln g area. L iv in g in San 
Pedro Hills with the m any trees will be yours in this immediately a v a ila b le 3 b e d ro o m s, 2 bath home. O w ner's change of pion is your gain. Niles, 433-6658. 
349-4343 or 349-3535 Anytim e 

R E A L T O R S 
B ra ck e n rid ge P ark. B ric k 3-2-2, large corner lot, fenced, fireplace, hardwood. 3o s. 732-o7S7 aft 6 No agents.____________________________ 
Owner, S ie rra N. 3-2-1, a ssu m e 
$181 mo. Avoil July 653-4187. 
O W N E R S L O S S Y O U R G A IN 
Hospitalized owner m ust sell hts 
4-2-2 in V a lle y F o rg e . C a rp e t thruout. fireplace, som e d rap e s and garden kitchen. A ssum e V A loan. M ake ofter to cover seller's expenses and m ove right in. Call now 828-8195. R E A L T O R S 

2 story 4-2V*-2. Carpeted. Livin g and dining area. F a m ily room . 
Fireplace. P ro fe ssio n a lly la n d s­ caped. $53,ooo. 
C U N H A R E A L T Y ________653-4111 

R E A L T O R S -Blanco Rd. Ole 
NEW ON M A R K E T 
4 bedrooms, fireplace in paneled den, living and dining. Located in popular Eldorado All appliances including refrigerator. 824-o171 

A fam ily place with gracious liv­ ing if you're looking tor a better than new 5 bedroom home. This 2 story home has form al living, ca­ sual comfort, and lots of luxuries. 

 rOPEN HOUSE!!!! 
O P E N S U N D A Y : 
I 
F R O M : 2 TO 5 P.M . : 
1 4 3 1 4 CLEAR CR EEK1 
(Near Brookhollow) 
3-2-2, nestled in to acre of oak trees. 
Huge den, fireplace, 
2,2oo sq. ft. 
$54,5oo TOTAL PRICE 
H ALLMARK 
PROPERTIES 
1684-3334 681-o153J 

86o7 G L E N E C H O - 4-2-2, cul-de- sac , c e n tra l a ir-h e a t, a fte r 5, 
656-1338, no agents____________ _ 

•HOME FOR SALE* 
13819 K IN G S B U R Y H IL L 
N O R T H E R N H IL L S , extra clean, 
3-2-2, fully carpeted, I living area with cathedral ceilings and fire­ p lace. C o v e re d p a tio , p riv a te fe n ce d y a rd 
D r a p e s re m a in 
$42,ooo. F o r o p p ’t call 653-8558 otter 5 pm. 
IM A G IN E 
Just *t9,9oo for fully carpeted 3 bedroom home, garden kitchen, fenced yard. 
R O S S I R E A L T Y _________ 494-7781 

V A SALES LISTINGS 
Equal Housing Opportunity 
2868 
3114 Holton 
$16,975 
A l 
R 85o 
3 I ICP 

Statement required, ownership of metal storage shed unknown. 
2o457 
4255 Bysart 
$2o,975 
A l 
R 85o 
3-2-1 

Statement required, ownership and operability of window air conditioner ond range and oven unknown. 
2o713 
1318 W. Villaret 
$2o,275 
A l 
R-85o 
3-lto-1CP 
21317 
5938 Kim Valley 
$24,775 
A l 
R-85o 
4-2-1 

Statement required, VA will not replace defective garbage disposal. 
21781 
7418 Brook Volley 
$23,575 
A l 
R-85o 
4-1-1 
221323 7334 Timbercreek 
$25,5oo 
A l 
R 85o 
4 2-2 
292935 
162 Hillsdale 
$17,475 
A1 
R-85o 
3-1-ICP 

Statement required, ownership and operability of window air conditioner and range and oven unknown. 
299o64 86o7 falling Timber $22,5oo 
A l 
R-85o 
3-1-1 

Statement required, ownership and operability of refrigerator and range ond oven unknown. 
3o9322 
8215 Glen Boro 
$24,5oo 
A l 
R-85o 
4-lto-l 

Statement required, ownership and operability of range and oven unknown. 
3243o8 
5114 Pettus 
$16,975 
A l 
R -85o 
3-1 - ICP 
21492 
123 Ethel 
$16,975 
A l 
R 85o 
3-1 - ICP 

Statement required, ownership and operability of water cooler and range and oven unknown. 
3456o6 
14426 Briarknoll $32,475 
A l 
R-85o 
4-2-1 

Statement required, 12 ft. easement at tear of property. 
Subject to change in price, prior sole or withdrawal at any time without notice. 
Offers to purchase will not be accepted where the broker bas failed to submit to VA a signed copy of VA forms 26 8183 Joint HUD - VA non-discrimination certification. 
The best qualified offer will be accepted from those received within 5 work days of the public appearance of the initial or revised listing. Sales commission on 5% of sales, payable on closing. 
OFFERS RECEIVED 
344791‘Mena 
312379/Denison 
2oo61 RAE 
2o881/McVey 
.324118. McCormick 
328846-McVey 3o1344/J8J 
OFFERS ACCEPTED 
3o3o46 Slater 
34996o*DePaoio 
268432/Epstein 
21o6o/Epstein 
3o9861/McVey 
27o482/Herbeck 
COOED FOR BROKERS ONLY 

B U ST IN G O UT A L L O V E R ? Then i we’ve cot the home for you. This 
I spacious 3 bedroom, 2 bath home 
! located neor W indsor P a rk M oll is 
I perfect for fam ily living. L a rg e 
I fenced-in ya rd is ideal for chil- 
I dren. $24,ooo Call 653 6364 NOW 
P IL L O W T A L K 
This cute starter hom e is a beau­ ty. 3 bedroom, built in oven, TV room and neat as a pm. Low 2o’s. 
Evenings, M a rg e 653-315o. 

Im m a cu la te 4 bedroom , 2 bath with large fireplace, 17 tt. m aster bedroom , beautiful land scap ing, privacy fence and excellent neighborhood. 
R E A L T O R 
Coll 349-4373 

NO D O W N P A Y M E N T 
To o n y o n e ! A n d ju st $3oo for closing costs. 3 B ed room s, N E schools, dishw asher, central air ca rp e t. N e e d s in s id e p a in t. 
P a ym e n ts about $2o5. C all and see if! 822-58o8. 8to% A P R , 36o pm is., $2o,975 total 
E D G IL B E R T R E A L T O R S 
NO DO W N to anyone, new list of 
Governm ent approved - financed hom es. 3-4 bedroom s. Som e a p ­ pliances. First paym ent June, 
222-9616TERRA R E A L T Y 2 4 H R S 
N O D<5w N TO A N Y O N E 
4-2-1, la rg e d in in g a re a, h u g e b ric k 
BSQ. privacy fenced. $24o mo 
R O SSI R E A L T Y _________ 494-7781 
N O R T H E A S T P A R K 
Pleasant 3 bedroom, 2 bath, hom e on corner lot, carpet, fence, m ony extras. 
By owner, 824-4943 or 
822-367S. 
_ 
N O R T H E A S T P A R K 
N ic e 
3 b e d ro o m h o m e off 
Nacogdoches Rd Good condition, convenient to e ve ryth in g, only 
$24,5oo. Assum e Conventional. 
S IE R R A N O R T H 
Cute, clean 3 bedroom home with r e fr ig e ra t o r , fe n ce d a n d paym ents under *15o mo. Low assum ption, will consider trade. 
Only $23,5oo. O P E N T E R M S 

F O R Y O U R H O M E O R E Q U IT Y 
W E P A Y A L L C L O S IN G C O ST S 
924-4331 
H U G H E S & B R IS C O E 
Century 21 
D E L A N E Y R E A L T Y 653-o55o 

B U Y NOW A N D S A V E ! No down payment, low closing cost, 3 and 4 
B R aval. Som e with a ir and ap­ p lia n c e s . 
V A e lig ib ilit y not required. 
Call 
653-6364 
(A N Y T IM E ). 

O E L A N E Y R E A L T 7 653-o55o 
4o2 P IN E W O O D , oft M cCullough. 
3-1-1, central heat-air, re frig e ra ­ tor, g a s ra n g e , c a r p e t s a n d drapes Very cleqn. $24,5oo. Conv. or assum e only. Balance approx. 
$12,6oo at 6J»%w ith >139 m o pmt. 
824-1226.__________________________ 

B Y O W N E R , 3-2-2, n e a r R a n dolph, fireplace, assu m e $321.5o mo. pmts. or refinance. 656-671o. 
B Y O W N E R : 3-2-2, newly painted, 
N E schools, $33,ooo. 7% , $234 mo. 
656-3382 a fte r 
5. a n y t im e weekends. No agents_____________ 

C H U R C H IL L HI 
Price iust reduced on lovely 4-2-2 split level home, on corner with m any lovely oak trees. Hom e has everything plus parking space tor boat or trailer, and gam e room also a large covered patio. All this for only *49,9oo 

B Y O W N E R H ig h la n d P a r k , i L a rg e 1-2 bedroom duplex with 
I double garage on large corner lot 
! V e ry g o o d con d ition. 532-6786 
I before I I OO, Sat. & Sun atter 3 :oo 

R E A L T O R S 
Fro m the cul-de-sac approach to the terrazp entry to the p riva c y fenced yard, this home is perfec­ tion. 3-2, d in in g room . F a m ily room, (F P , high beam ed ceiling) plus G A M E R O O M . Sprinkler sys. 
$59,75o. 826-2347. 

OPEN TILL DARK 
133o3-o7-11-19 
LARKBROOK 
IN LARKSPUR SUB­ 
DIVISION 
OFF O’CONNER RD. immaculate 3 and 4 bedrooms, quality built. Ail built-in kitchens, carpeted, fireplaces. 
COMPARE OUR QUALITY 
HOMES OF PRIDE 
654-1155 Eddie Irvin 

D on 't wait till interest rates and costs go down. Costs will never be this low again. S A V E by letting us build your custom home. Lots of pions available. Regency Homes, 
I ne. 341-7o57, 824-2381.____________ 

B U Y O U R S ... 
O u r Se lle r-P a rticip a tio n Option s a v e s m o n e y fo r b u y e r s a n d s e lle rs . 
F o r d e ta ils , ca ll 
Hom eowner M arketing 
Service 
349-4373._______________________ 

D U P L E X , 2-1 -carp o rt, fe n ce d yard, clean insid e and out, a p ­ pliances. One side available for im m ediate occ u p a n cy. $26,5oo. 
Open Term s. 

Sum m er fun for the fam ily in this 
4 b ed room , 2 b ath h o m e w ith large p rivacy fenced backyard. 
Northeast Schools. 7 % V A loan, 
*235 monthly. O w ner wants quick sell. $36,5oo 
Reese Henry 
R ealto r 
655-3584 
Nites 
653-859? 

N O R T H E R N H IL L S 
23oo sq.ft. 2 story custom home. 4 large bedroom s, all with lighted walk-in closets. A D T fire alarm system, custom drapes, gas BBQ , w ater softener. M u ch m ore! A s ­ sume or refinance conv. $62,5oo. 
Call 655-o593.______________________ 
Cantua,I i 
IM M E D IA T E C A SH 
For Your Home. We pay all clos­ ing costs! We also take trades. 
Call 
494-5571 
635-8474 
532-3252 

B Y OW N E R -A G E N T , Redecorat­ ed 2-1-den, 335 T eakw ood, new root, central air. $29,9oo. 822-3o41 
IN V A L L E Y F O R G E 
Corner Nothing down to anyone 
4-2-2, fireplace, central air-heat. 
$42,975 
923 19o4 
A R C IN IE G A R E A L T Y 
IN V IL L A G E N O R T H 
Off Perrin Beitel Rd. 3-2-2, sunken living, central air-heat. No down to anyone. $36,97S 
923-19o4 
A R C IN IE G A R E A L T Y 

R E A L T O R S 
Century 21 
B Y O W N E R , A Live Oak Home, 
3-2-2, fam ily room -fireplace, din­ ing room, parlor, utility room with pantry, extras 653-1552___________ 
B Y O W N E R , 3-2-2. assum e 7to % 
Conventional, low equity, la rge corner lot, p riva cy fence, large den with fireplace, ail kitchen appliances. 656 3258.______________ 

Century 21 
B y O w n e r: Old F a rm ll, 4 2-2, fireplace, carpet, p rivac y fence and patio, utility room, cornices ond drapes. $41,ooo. 656-4385 

Red brick 3 bedroom home In M ac 
A rth u r T errace. Beautiful built­ in * and lovely fire p lace in the 
25x13 ft fa m ily room . F re s h ly painted and im maculate. Profes­ sionally landscaped yard. $51,5oo. 
344-8348 
Grace Arnold 
R E A L T O R S M L S ________ 
C o n v e n ie n t to P e r r in P la z a . 
L o ve ly 3-2-2, fam ily room , fire­ place, no dow n paym ent to on yone. $36,975 total. Paym ent! less than rent. 
B O B D e P A O LO 
344-3o91________________R E A L T O R 
C O R O N A D O 
V IL L A G E , 
B y 
Ow ner, 4-2-2, 22oo sq.ft. J story home, fireplace, eat in kitchen, m ony extras. $55,3oo 684-6454 
C O R O N A D O V IL L A G E .. . S W IM in you own pool! 4 bedroom home has living dining room plus fam ily room, open to patio! 
$49,ooo. 
R E A L T O R S 
658-7oo7 

W A K E F IE L D R E A L T O R S 
P R IC E D R IG H T ! 
Need To Sell Your Hom e N ow ? 
For F A S T S E R V IC E — Call 
344-5564 Hart M cCorm ick Realtor 
B Y O W N E R , Old F a rm ll, 4-2-2, fireplace, utility room , covered patio, intercom , p riv a c y fence, 
$39,5oo 653-4915__________________ and lust north of Loop 41o. Com pletely redecorated interior and e x te rio r. 3-2-2, d e n 
E le c t r ic thruout. Lot 11o X 2oo. So conven­ ient $48,9oo 826-2347. 

B y ow ner, beautiful 3-1-1 hom e near R egency Elem . N .E .I.S D. 
C arp eted , d ra p e s, fenced and la n d sc a p e d , ce n tra l h e a t-a ir. 
$26,5oo. 824-1741___________________ 

B y O w ner. O ld F a rm ll. 3-2-2, fireplace, carpeted, covered pa tio, 7L«% VA. 1519 so ft. Equity. 
655-8o9o__________________________ 

W ant the Best for yo u r fa m ily ? 
Then see our hom es in Windcrest. 
3 and 4 bed room s, N E Sch oo ls 
District. *47,ooo Up. 
655-5131 R E A L T O R S Anytim e 
V IR G IN IA C E R V E N K A 
Century 21 
Anyone can buy. Vets don't use their eligbilitiv. 3-4 bedroom s, 2 
1 baths, som e with air and all ap- 
! piiances. 
Paym ents less than 
! rent. 
B O B D e P A O L O 
344-3o91 
R E A L T O R 
R E N T A L M A N A G E M E N T 
■ Have our professional staff han- i die you rental property. Coll for 
I details today. 
; 534-8826 
Nites 494-14o4 

Hom e plus income. On corner lot. 
I bedroom each side plus 4 room 
I cottage on Piedm ont. Call now 
I 824-4521, nites 674-o744 

W H IT E H E A D - H O L ID A Y 
341 7115______________ R E A L T O R S 
N O R T H E A S T SC H O O L S 
3 bedroom, 2 bath, double garage, m a n y e x tra s in c lu d in g ra n g e , disnw asher, storage shed, clean and neat, nice landscape. Open terms. M id 3o's. 656-7717 

B y O w n e r, O L Y M P I A , 4-2-2, 
21ooSq.Ft , Im m aculate, form al living-dining room, large paneled fam ily room , W W carpet, priv. fence. Fire p lace , drapes, bullt- ins, Extras. Refinance or assum e 
VA, 658-9986 aff 5pm______________ 

B Y O W N E R 4 bedroom. I bath, pool M idw ay between San Anton­ io and New Braunfels on ,4 ocre, 
I to y e a rs old, studio, den with fire p la c e , c o u n try k itc h e n , 3 o v e n s, 16x52 ft p a tio . 1 o o % 
Tropical landscape. $72,5oo. New 
Braunfels 1-625-4946 after 6 or weekends_________________________ 

P R IC E R D U C E D 
3-2-2, single living area with fire­ place, builtin kitchen, intercom . 
Call today 
N E A R FT. S A M 
*4 brick, 3 bedroom . 2 bath, cen trot heat and air, builtin kitchen with breakfast bar, fam ily room, covered patio, freshly remodeled 
Call today 
S H A D Y O A K S 
Approx. 2 acres with rock home, * bedroom, 3 bath, living and dining co m b in atio n , kn otty pin e w ood p aneling thruout, la rg e fam ily room with fireplace, builtin kit­ chen. M ust see lo appreciate. 
494-5571 
N IT E S 349-4836 

B y ow ner, 3-2-2, on W o o d lak e 
Cul-de-sac, fenced yard, covered patio, a d ja c e n t g a rd e n patio, large den, low equity-assum e $269 mo. 661 7658.______________________ 
Century 21 
Jam es Glascock * Assoc 

Fully carpeted 3 bedroom, 2 bath home in convenient Valley Forge. 
This is a super buy! On a high lot with o privacy fence, refrigerator included. T h is w o n 't be on the market long! Nites, 433 6658. 
349-4343 or 349-3535 Anytim e 

B Y O W N E R , 3 bedroom, 2 both, carpet, cent.-air, Ridgeview area. aft. 5pm 826-4447._________________ 
Century 21 
Jam es Glascock € Assoc 
N O R T H G ATE.'.'.beautiful, T rad i- tional home with a fireplace in the liv in g room , a fo rm a l d in in g room... 4 bedroom s, 3 baths and an u p s ta irs stu d y ! C h a rm in g decor! B ric k B B Q on scre e n e d patio porch. Huge kitchen! 
$81,5oo. 
R E A L T O R S 
824-9631 

W A K E F IE L D R E A L T O R S 
T h is 3 b e d ro o m c u sto m b u ilt h om e is fu lly c a rp e te d a n d draped. And a super buy in the 
3o s. 
349-5111 or 349-3535 Anytim e 

B Y O W N E R . B r ig h t , c u sto m home, I blk. from M acA rthur, lots of glass, gardens, 22 trees, 3 be­ droom, I extra la rge bath, fire­ place, 2 patios, green house, Doc- tor moving, $32,25o. 824-5o15. 

Live in one and collect rent on the two duplexes and separate apart­ ment. Excellent shape, low m ain­ tenance con stru ction. G ood o c­ cupancy. M ust see at $37,5oo. 
736-2225 

R E G E N C Y P L A C E . 3 2-2, se p a r­ ate dining, fireplace, N E schools. 
Low SO S. 655-9o23________________ 
Fo r cash Fast Service. Will trade 
B O B D e P A O LO 
344-3o91 
R E A L T O R 
R E A L T Q R S -B lo n c o Rd. Otc 
Bv Owner Camelot I. 3-2-2. M an y e x tra s . N e a r W in d s o r M a ll. 
$32,9oo. Coil 655-4413. No agents. 

C R O W N H IL L P A R K 
3 bedroom , 2 bath, den, double garage. Alam o Hats School, walk to 
North 
Star 
Mall. 
349-65o3, 
494-2o4o. 

M A C A R T H U R H IG H - G orgeous 
3-2-2, on, appliances, coveted pa tio F P in den, only $45o down. $345 mo, 
J A J R E A L T Y 674-8883 Anytim e 

R E A L T O R S-N . Central Pie 
F R E E R eferrals to other hom es 
“For Sale B y O w ner" 342-9393. 
San Antonio Hom eow ners Broker 
Century 21 or buy it tor cash. Fast service. 
Will trade. 
B O B D e P A O LO 
344-3o91 
R E A L T O R 

By Owner, Camelot ll, Corondao 
3-2-2, cent h eat-air, D W , D isp , range, refrig, m a ste r bdrm , w- beomed ceiling, indirect lighting, d r e s s in g -liv in g a re a . *41,75o. 
654-o222 O P E N S U N D A Y 2-6PN). 
6826 L E Y L A N D ___________________ 

R B A L T O R S -M a in Ave Otc 
W A K E F IE L D R E A L T O R S 
B Y O W N E R , 2,oooSq.Ft„ 3-2-2 plus bonus room , form al livin g d ining room , fam ily room with fireplace. L a rg e covered patio, 
N E I S D , W ill c o n s id e r tra d e , 
$51,5oo. 494-6o74___________________ 

1338-4o R ID G E W O O D 
2-storv duplex, corn e r lot. 2 be­ drooms, I bath each unit 3 w in­ dow units, extra nice. B u s at door. 
Appraised 
$25,ooo. 
Will accept offers. 
735 518o 
735-8871 
T O N Y A. T E L L E Z , R E A L T Y 

N O R T H S T A R M A L L , beautiful 4 bedroom, 2 bath, custom styled home. Esauisitelv appointed den with fireplace, huge pantry, 16x29 
Redwood deck patio. A hom e you will love to live in. Call for appt. 
H U G H E S & B R IS C O E 
924-4331 
R E A L T O R S 
333-9358 

At La Caste, 2-1, 2 out buildings on 
2 large lots. 12 Pecan trees. L arge garden with vegetables and fruit trees. Chain link fence. 1-762-3316. 
H a s yo u r se a rc h for the rig h t home been hopeless? Want a nice new home, but c o e q u a lit y ? What a pleasant su rp rise in store for you. T h is 3 bed room hom e h a s had T.L.C. insid e, y a rd is lu st c o m m in g up. 8 m o n th s new 
Yours tor $4oo equity - Sales price 
$45,8oo. Includes fam ily room with fire p lac e , se p a ra te liv in g a n d d in in g ro o m . Im m e d ia te o c ­ cupancy - Owner anxious. 
824-2391 (Anytim e) 

$ 1o,882 m o ve s you into this all brick home. Assum e *438 a month or refinance C all for m ore d e ­ tails. 344-8348 
B y Ow ner. Cam elot It. 2 story, 
2,ooo sq.ft. 4-2' j-2, sw im m ing pool, la n d sc a p e d , fe n ce d . C u sto m drapes. $5o,9oo. or a ssu m e 7 % 
VA. 653-863o______________________ 

D R A S T IC R E D U C T IO N for quick sale! NO W *35,9oo for 4 units— 
F u rn ish e d -M a so n ry ! On a nice co rn e r in B e a co n Hill, a good rental area and good occupancy record. 824-o121 A N Y T IM E . 

B Y O W N E R 
Starcrest area. 4-2-2, on a large corner lot N E IS D . Form al living room, dining room, large fam ily room o p e n s to kitc h e n . F re s h paint, w e ll-m a in ta in e d . M a n y extras. $37,9oo. 655-9745.__________ 

In N ew B ra u n fe ls , N ew b ric k 
3-2to-2, 2ooo sq.ft.. F ire p la c e . 
$43,9oo. Term s. 1-625-o5o2________ 
W e 'll se ll y o u r hom e fo r $3oo com m ission. Call Anytim e 
Grace Arnold 
R E A L T O R S M L S 
Turtle Creek Village 
2 decorator Condom inium s. Both 
3-2-2. Form al and inform al living a re a s ....fire p la c e ... g a lle r y ! 
C ove re d patio with lu sh la n d s ­ caping. M a n y extras in both! Pool and club house. M id 4o’s. 
69o-98o2 

C om m ercial property in C orpus 
Christi (512 S. Staples and M a ry ) tor sale or trade for San Antonio property. 224-7111, 732-59o9. 

G U E S T H O U S E 
H E A T E D P O O L 
O n p r iv a c y g r o u n d s . 2 s to r y traditional, antique brick on quiet street 
B ric k e d e n try le a d s to b rick floor den with fireplace. 
Delightful form al are as. 5-3to-2 and guest house (2 rooms, bath). 
C om plete kitchen. W a lk to St. 
P iu s, N o rth w o o d and G a rn e r. 
826 2347. Realtors 

3-2-2, fireplace, country kitchen, covered patio, carpeted, fenced, large yard, all app., 144o5a Ft., schools close, closing cost paid 
$36,9oo. 653 5312._________________ 

By Ow ner. Sto ra ge ga lo re ! D e ­ tached g a ra g e p lu s sto re ro o m and carport. Livin g 13x19, dining 
12x17, b e d ro o m 12x13. 1ox13. 
Near W indsor Park. 655-1o27 

W H Y P A Y R E N T ? Own your own home, no dow n paym ent to a n ­ yone! Paym ents less than rent. 
Lloyd M ontgom ery______ 658-18o6 
•YO U G E T C A S H !* 
In I day for your home, “A s is” 
Any area. I pay everything! Call 
24 hrs. Ask for Adolph. 433-3295. nites, 828-4817. 

V acant and ready for m ove In. 
Nice 3 bedroom s, 2 baths, carpet, central air and heat. Nice trees. 
Paym ents $2o2. 
658-3535 A n y tim e 

E n e r g y s a v in g hom e in N .B , so la r hot water, elite n eighb or hood. A ll e x tra s, low utilities, 
$52,9oo. By builder, 1-625-o5o2 

R E A L T O R S 5o Y e a rs of T R U ST 

B y Ow ner, C am elot ll, 2-story 
3-2to-2, c o r n e r lot. 
A s s u m e 
$39,ooo. Equity $68oo. 1-868-4846. 

B Y O W N E R , 2 sto ry 3-2to-2, in 
Camelot It. Living room with fire­ place, den with wet bar. All E le c­ tric kitchen with breakfast area 
C a th e d ra l ce ilin g s. L o r g e up s ta irs m a ste r suite. C o rn e r tot with p riva c y fence. Assum p tion with equity or refinance. 654-o226. 

JU ST U N D E R C O N S T R U C T IO N , 
14oo sq. ft. 4 bedroom , 2 bath, 2 car garage on 4 acres. All this tor 
*37,ooo F in a n c in g a v a il. 1o% down. Buy now and choose colors 
H U G H E S A B R IS C O E 
924-4331 R E A L T O R S 
1-663-5597 

D R E A M H O M E ! 3 bedroom s, 2 baths, with garage professionally converted to boautiful den. Fully carpeted. N E.I.S D. Only $23,ooo. 
G A S E B A K E R R E A L T Y CO. 
69o-899o E ve s 696-88o5, 342-7712 

R E A L T O R S-Austin Hw y Otc 

By owner, 3-1 to-1, cent heat- air, fully equipped kitchen, g a rd e n a re a , 7x1o s t o r a g e b u ild in g , corner lot. 658-2561 after 5 week- doys, anytime weekends_________ 

8 unit apartm ent house 222 Pick- ney, Owner willing to take in du­ plex on trade. 
684-421! or 751-9943 
P IO N E E R R E A L T Y 

8 UNITS M A SO N R Y 
Incom e $62o per mo (all rented). 
Seoarate m eters On bus. A sking 
$58,ooo. Owner financed. 
736-4235 
736-ooo7 
________ G R A C E L A IR D _________ 

R E A L T O R S Randolph Ofc 
• QUALITY CLASS • 
T H E IN L O C A T IO N 
M E A D O W O A K S, B y owner, 4-2-2, 
B r ic k hom e, e x t ra la r g e b e ­ droom s, with w alkin closets, full w all b ric k fire p la c e in fa m ily room. Beautiful yard with large oaks and privacy fence, close to 
Randolph. M id $4o's, 658-1296. 

AH Schools. Large room s in this ch o rm filled fw o sto ry . 5-4-3, auarters. Huge fam ily room, fire­ place, wefbar. C hef's dream kit­ chen. Ow ners thought ot everyth mg. 826-2347. 

L O C K H A R T 2-1 home, on corner lot. 8 big pecan trees, best otter. 
Kent 1-398-241o_______ __________ 

By owner, transferred. Valencia, 
4-2 2, to brick Cul-De Sac, large fenced yard , m a n y fru it trees, 
$38,ooo terms. 655-6933.___________ 

B Y O W N E R , 3-2-2, cen tral air- heat, dishw asher, disposal, stove, 
% b r ic k on c o r n e r lot. 
522oo-eauity, assum e. $258 mo. 
337-6613__________________________ 

Northwood- emov outdoor living. 
Covered patio with bbq. Spacious 
3 bedroom . 2 bath b ric k hom e with over 25oo sq ft. P ric e d in upper 7o’*. 69o-922o, nile* 492-2518 

L Y T L E , T E X A S 
3 bedroom home, large lot, repair and save. Only $12,ooo total. S A M 
W O RD, 
R E A L T O R 
1-663-2621 
Devine 

E A S T T E R R E L L H IL L S 
B Y O W N E R . 55o R a d ia n c e , ch arm ing 3-t-to-t, on lovely tree shad ed lot with m odernised kit­ chen and large den. M id 2o's, call for appt. 684-6o44. 653-5988._______ 

W HY LIST 
YOUR HOME 
FOR 9o DAYS??? le t me m ake you a cash o ffer. Top dollar paid for your hom e or equity and I will pay all closing cost. 
Prompt and efficient serv ­ ice. Your M oney em Title 
Check! Broker and atto r­ ney leads paid! 
, 
. - - 349-6531 
S . A . R . E . 24 Hours 

By O w ner, V alle y F orge , 3-2 2, den, carpet, *286 mo *3,ooo equi­ ty No agents. 656-7378.___________ 
B Y O W N E R - Valley Forge. 3-2-2, outstanding features. Cul-de-sac. 
Natural Stone. 8 % VA, $49oo equi- ty. $298 mo. 653-745o._____________ 

By owner, 4-2-2,'central air, ca r­ pet, appliances, p riv a c y fence, intercom, N E IS D , Valley Forge. 
$42,ooo. 654-o814.__________________ 

Vacant • 4 bedroom - I living area fireplace - alm ost new • corner lot - fenced 
N O R T H E A S T S C H O O L S 
E a sy assum ption - low equity - 8 % loan 
69o-936o 
342-4286 
C L IN T W E IL B A C H E R 

A L L B R IC K 3 bedroom Ito bath 
H O M E B U IL T ON Y O U R LO T 
$16,95o IOU G ardino off W Ave 
S P E C IA B U IL D E R S Inc.349-1491 

48 U N IT S - Separate M eters 
Located in good rental area. Good occupancy record 
By Owner: Convenient Ft. Sam , 
R a n d o lp h , la r g e c o r n e r lot, 
3-1 to-1, carpet, central heat- air, 2 blk*, clem school. 661-7727_______ 

1oOo O A K S is the setting tor this beautiful 4-2-2 with large tm. rm w -F P , br. a re a off kit. L a r g e serving bar in tm. rm. Approx 
2ooo sq.ft. 
494-5221 
A N Y T IM E 

Brick home with country kitchen. 
2 fireplace fin ish e d p la y ro o m 
3-2 i- Double garage and carport, 
732-1291, 826-3349 

B Y O W N E R IN S H E N A N D O A H , 
3-2-1, O P E N H O U SE , SA T -SU N I 
TO 5. Low 3o's. 4oo7 B ig Meadows, 
69o-9296.__________________________ 

A floor plan you'll ye with plenty of room tor entertaining Livin g and dining room plus large fam ily room with fireplace. 4 Bedroom s 
2to baths, wet bar, 18 * 3* pool. 
Professional landscape. $58,59o. 
Nites 655-5693 

B y ow ner. V a lle y F o rg e , 3-2-2, fire p la c e , la r g e b a c k y a rd , privacy fenced. $5,ooo Equity, as- sume $297. mo. 656-3449._________ 

B L O S S O M P A R K , lovely earth tone colors, ch e e ry sk y lighted bathroom s, fireplace, self clean­ ing oven, 3-2to-2, priced to sell, 
$37,9oo, by owner, 494-5792_______ 

By Owner-267 Covina. 3-1-1, rea sonabie. N E schools. 658-6867 
M O N T E V IS T A . 2 1, den, fire place. 828-1241, 733-86oo__________ 
B Y O W N E R , 2 large bedroom s, large living room, kitchen, wash room, fenced yard, beautiful in­ side, iust redecorated, wall to wail carpet and wall to wall m irror. 
M ust sell. 227-2771_________________ 

V IS IT A L S A C E -L O R R A IN E 
Right here in Terrell Hills. Sm all com plex of tall roofs, chim neys, b a lc o n ie s, E u r o p e a n g a rd e n , pool. Delightful 2, 3 bedroom s. 
M A C R E A L E S T A T E 828 2521 
Y o u n g , r e s p o n s ib le in v e s t o r wants to buy 2-35 older units from retiring owner, Patrick 342-3673. 

B y O w n e r-V a ie n c J a , 3-2-2, alt m aior appls. E xtras! $38,ooo, best offer No ogents 656-8228_________ 
N E A R FT. S A M 
U nd er 53oo month, 3 bedroom s, nothing down. 675-1691, 342-743$ 
P O IN T E R R E A L E S T A T E 

C O L O N IE S V IL L A G E C ondom in­ ium, 2 bedroom s, 2 full baths, ap­ pliances, shag carpet. Equity and assum e $197 mo. or refinance. 
924-4525 
H A S K IN S R E A L T Y 
M A R Y M O N T A R E A - Lu xurious 
3-2to T O W N H O U S E with d ra m a ­ tic 2-story living room with fire­ place. H a s m a ste r suite down. 
P lu sh carpet, d rap e s, w ef-bar, atrium. 
3-car garage. 
826-2439 
R E A L T O R S 

R E A L T O R 
826 8673 A nytim e 
D ozens of oak trees su rro u n d s this one of a kin d -tru ly unique home. 3-2-2 plus a separate study and workshop. North on San P e ­ dro, 5 miles from 41o. $54,5oo. 
494-2528________________________ __ 
Century 21 
By Owner, Valencia, Im m aculate 
4-2-2, 15oo sq.ft., fully carpeted, separate m aster suite, m a ssive fire p la c e , c a t h e d r a l c e ilin g , privacy fence, wulk lo elem entary schoot and pool $38,5oo. 653 4945 

Near North Star Mail, B y owner, 
3-2-1, stove and dishw asher, 
341-5o83.__________________________ 
M O N C Y S A V E R S R E A L T Y 
656-242o A N Y T IM E ________ 
E . T E R R E L L H IL L S , 3-2-2, all brick, large covered patio. E a sy 
Assum ption, W alking distance to schools. Ow ner Agent. 655-748o or 
822-1552._________________ _ 

Attention! Before you buy or sell ring dell. We buy equities. Cash 
B E L L R E A L T O R S 222-9495 
N ear North Star Mail, 3 bedroom brick, I car garage, 2 car carport 
$36,SUO, ran assum e. 
734-5434 C .P .K O SU B 342-o343 

 with u view of a beautiful spring green valley. This 4 bedroom. 3! i bath, redw ood and b rick home with huge recreation room and 2 fireplaces sit snuggly into a 2 acre tree covered hillside. In exclusive 
T R A IL W O O D SU B D IV IS IO N . IH 
IO NW. Open this weekend 

B Y O W N ER -V alencia, 3-2-2, large beamed, fam ily-living room, fire­ place, eat in kitchen, built-ins, walk to swim club, elem. school. 
54o,5oo. 656-1639.__________________ 

Super clean, large 4 2 2, 3 vrs old, large yard, completely furnished patio, built-in b ric k Bar-B -Q ue, pool, living-din ing rm, separate dinette, den with fireplace, carpet thru-out, 2,ooo sq.ft. M id 55o's, financing negotiable. 123o1 G ran 
Vista - Open H o u s e __________ 

R E A L T O R 

Let us m ake a C A S H otter for your home oi equity. Call now! 
The 
Hom e 
M art 
655-12o1 

CASH for H O M E S 
I 
We Buy H O M E S ond E Q U IT IE S . 
Honest, Efficient, and F a st S ci vice We pay all C losing C osts 
Call Tony or Bernice, 341-6136. 
S P E C IA . R E A L T O R S 
C ash tor your Northside eauity 
L a rry Barnebev341-4455, 684-29o9 

Open Monday thro Friday S A.M. lo 5:3o P.M. 
DEADLINES: 
M onday thru Thursday 
5:oo P.M. for.Following Day 
Friday 1:3o for Saturday 
Friday 5 P.M. for Sunday 
Friday 5-.3o P M. For M onday 
CLOSED SA T U R D A Y A N D S U N D A Y 
Cancellations and Corrections can be made 
M onday thru Friday 8 A M. til 5.3o P M, 

I 
The Express N ew s C o rp accepts r e s p o n s ib ly 
\ for errors the (in t d a y of publication only. 
J 

EXTRA SPECIAL! 
H u g e m a s te r b e d ro o m w ith d re ssin g area and vanity. T h is beauty with 3 bedroom s, 2 luxury baths, double garage, heated pool a n d la rg e p a tio w on t la s t at 
$48,ooo. 656-3441- nttes 656-8)7o 
D O N JO H N SO N , R E A L T O R S 

C A L L F O R D E T A IL S . We have good selection of 3-4 b e d ro o m hom es from 528,5oo to 531,9oo 
New loans, V A -F H A or equity and assum e. Nites 342-811o - 658-54oo. 

N o th in g d o w n V A , b e a u t ifu l • d ra p e s a n d c a rp e t, in V a lle y ! 
Forge. Only 532,9oo. B R E N N E R ' 
R E A L T O R S 344 347i. 341 7697 
N E A R R A N D O L P H 
3-2-1, built-in kitchen with ra n g e ,j vent a-hood, carpeted living room and fam ily room, central air-heat, covered patio, fenced yard, nice home. Open Term s. 
Century 21 
653-8131 Bill P a rkin s Rttyo57-1475 
N E A R R A N D O L P H 
3-2-2, all c a rp e te d 
L ik e new. 
M any extras. 22 x 12 fam ily room 
O ak trees, co u rtya rd with foun­ tain, alarm system. *49,75o 
342-4167 
494-2724 
656-58oo 
P O N C O N N E L L , R editors 

A A A I LO C A T IO N . 3-2-2, air, ap piiances, carpet. Off Perrin-Beitel 
Rd. $45o down. 
696 742o S L A T E R R L T Y 344 o936 
B Y O W N E R : 3 2-2 Fenced yord, centra! heat air Fully carpeted, drapes. $27,9oo. A ssu m e equity 
4919 
Clear 
Spring. 
732-7848; 
227-28o1__________________________ 

O W N E R A N X IO U S to sell this lovely 3 bedroom, 2’ * bath Town- hom e. M a n y e x tra fe a tu re s. 
Priced for quick sale! 
Century 21 
JU ST L IS T E D 
To the one easy step to security and worth w hile livin g see this hom e today. D is h w a s h e r a n d stove remain. Priced *35,9oo. Of­ fice 822 33o1 

F O X R U N N O R T H E A S T 
3 and 4 bedroom hom es 
$45,ooo to $51,9oo. 
V A -F H A . No city taxes 
H A R R IN G T O N H O M E S 
344J624___________________654-o44o 
O P E N H O U S E SUN., A P R IL 3, 
1-5 
511o 
C A S A 
R IC A - S IE R R A 
N O R T H 
3 bedroom, 
2 bath home for 
$28,9oo 
653-6364 
A N Y T IM E 

T R IC O , Realtors 349-649) 
B Y O W N E R 4-2 2, fenced carpet­ ed, c lo se to s c h o o ls. $33,ooo. 
Conv.-VA, 73«%, $57oo equity, $26o mo. 661-4727._________________ __ 

C A L L 
N O R T H LO O P INC., R E A L T O R S tor any Real Estate need— 
828-5636 
__ 
342-3111 
R E A L T O R S 
684-o663 
3-2-2, F ire p la c e ! *38oo E q u ity , 
657-o776. NO AgontS.______________ 
F IR S T O F F E R IN G of this lovely 
S P A R K L IN G d e a n 3 bedroom , 2 bath home. La n d sc a p e d to p e r ­ fection, covered patio. G ood a s ­ sumption. Churchill Hi. Call today 
• won t last! 

B y Owner- K IR B Y . 3-1-1, fenced, covered patio, pecan trees, c a r­ peted, drapes, gas range. After 5 p m w eekdays 661-2535__________ 

Cam elot ll. Priced to sell N O W ! 
2ooo sa lt. 4-2to-2, sep living, din ing and den. Assum e $275 note or 
Conv $6,ooo below appraisal No agents 657-3163 att 6_____________ 

3 bedroom, 2to both, luxury 2 story Tow nhouse, 2 car fin ­ ish e d g a r a g e . 
$ 4o ,SOO. 
684-o711, 684-8311, 344-4397 
N E W ON M A R K E T 
2 bedroom hom e with fireplace, sparkling new kitchen and bath 
Low 3o s 824-2486, 828-3925 
H A R D Y & CO IN C 
R E A L T O R S 

THI A C T IO N N U M B I R 
FOR FAST RI SU ITS 
P l A C I T O U R W A N T AO 
IN THI I X P R I S 5 N I W S 
C A I I 2 2 5 I 6 o 6 

3-2-2, 1oo% m aso n ry, one large livin g area, fireplace, p riv a c y fence, N E IS D . A ssum e 7' j % note. 
$43,5oo. 
C a ll fo r a p p t. 
N O 
A G E N T S. 653-3555._______________ 

P l A C l T O U R W A N T A O 
IN THI I X P RI S S N I W> 
C A I I 2 2 5 1 6 o 6 

THI N U M B I R TO C A I I 
IS 2 2 5 I 6 6 6 
I X P R I S S A N D N I W S 
342-3111 
R E A L T O R S 
494-1o58 
R E A L T O R S 

^ 

ZI? HOMtSHORTHWEST 
?i? HMgs wmiiwtsT I ii; • mw; wfrmrs; 

■ 
B 
B 
B 
B 
B 
) 
* 
* 
* 
* 
* 
* 
* 
* 
* 
* 
* 
* 
* 
* 
J 
EXKUTIVf 
« 

O 
V 
M 
/ V 
* CoUMT* Y B n n J 
J 
/ / M f m I M 
/ 
♦ 
*• 1/3 oat * 4 bedroom * ^ 
^ 
;★ wood burning fkepkKe * wet -fc 
I ' T ' T 
T ' 
!★ bor, * mony extra* * quie! -k 
[ 
J _l_y L , i ^ country Hying with all the city ♦ rT conveniences dr no city loxes 
♦ 
- 
J 
* one o' o kmd * comer lot 
★ 
J it purchase before price rn- 
J 
^ creose th o becoom SS? 95o 
. 
? 
VA fimmang ovodoW*. 
* 

* 
C a ll 
« 
* 
T O M H O T M A N it i* 
6 8 4 - 3 1 1 3 
J 
J 1651 ROB ROY j 

San Antonio 6XPRESS-NEW S— Saturday April 2 1977 

HOUYWOOD PARK 
SPANISH CONTEMPORARY — love 
Iv executive home, large entry hod in Sedillo tile. huge sunken" 
3o ft. den surrounded by tinted windows for your plonts, 
4 bedroom. 
3 both. rooster bedroom has setting oleo. I bedroom with full both for mother in law room 
OLDER HOME — Need o large home for o bio family? 
S bedroom, 2 both home. I lorge* living areas, centro! heat air, new roof, carpet, and appliances. 
8elow SSO,OOO 
COMPASS REALTY 
494-1 AOI 494-3o12 

TARZAN AND JANE 
218 KMftES-HtWrnftAST usHome 
T H IS IS S E L E C T } B e a u tifu lly m aintained J bedroom , I 2 bott* tow nhouse 
F ire p la c e in livin g room, beautiful kitchen tiled p o ­ tto Maintenance tee at SSS,IS per m o o ffe rs m a in te n a n c e fre e grounds • sw im m in g pool, exer- cise room and portv room Con venhonoi financing available Call m Q U l ANYTIME, 

Would tore ‘he tree house in the bock yard of this lovely 3 bedroom, 
2 both horn*, fenced yard, built in 

 appliances, central beat ond on. ond 
I eof gocoge Just listed! Coll todoy 

 to see u s H o m e l 

 e it l l ll t M t t M H IM H IM t M M IIIU H Iil l t j 

I 
SPECIAL REDUCED 
I 
PRICE 
| 
ONLY 2 LEFT j f A T $ 4 4 , 2 o o 

S Extra large wooded Vt acre wood : s ed lot 4-2-2 feutures; bolide rot- ; jE ted wood burning fireplace plus 
: wall to watt carpeting, Magic Chef 
S oil electric kitchen, electric 
5 garage door opener, full energy. 
§ sovmo package with all brick ton 
SE struction Located in prestigious 
5 OW CREEK. Conyenticmol futon 
5 ting with 5% down. These homes 
5 wifi not be available for sale but a s few days. Cd! todoy 

ENCHANTED FOREST 
Prestige mea, greet for en tertoimng 3 large Irving oreos. 2 bedrooms now. easily thonged bock to 3 or 4. Only $74,MIO 
Niles ASS 2394 
NEAR MEDICAL 
CENTER 
Beautiful 2 bedroom. 2 both deluxe condominium Everything included plus washer and dryer. 
Pool ond tennis. $31,5oo. Niles 
656-758o 
NAYLOR REALTY 
GALLERY OF HOMES 
*s*-$SIO lei-1 lit 
Mt-mt 

OF CEN TRA L T E X A S 

WE CAN NOW TAKE 
YOUR HOME IN TRADE 
$1 M OVE IN VA 

5 % DOWN CONVENTIONAL 
NO PAYMENT TIU MAT 77 

3 and 4 bedroom plans 
$ 3 o ,9 5 o to 
$44,25o. 
All homes feature energy saving package, central heat-oir, carpet and handcrafted w oodburning fireplaces, deluxe Magic 
Chef al! electric kitchen, and 2 car garage. 

6 FURNISHED MODELS 
OPEN DAILY 9-9 
TWIN CREEK 
6 8 1 - 1 1 1 1 

OF CEN TRAL T E X A S 

$1 M O V i - IN V A 
CONVENT IONA! 5% DOWN 
Ho Payment THI MAY 77 

We have several 3 ksdroe^x pkwts 

$ 2 7 ,9 5 o -5 ^ 4 ,9 5 o 
AU HOMES FEATURE: 
✓ 1oo% Back Construction 
Handcrafted - Wood burning Fireplace ✓ Energy 

 h" Saving ►ockog* ✓ (or 
K l ✓ " Central heat-eti ✓ ' luxe Magic Chef ak Electric kitchen ✓ 2 Cor Serape f 
$ FURNISHED MOOLIS 
O PEN 9 -9 
W O O DST ONE 

C A U 
* JOHN GILLIAM t 
6 5 6 - 5 4 7 4 

For Fast Accurate Title 
Service 
5 Convenient locations 

• IOT K. TH \ \ l> • 
IM.K \> W I O N HI). 

• llM»T XL UMH* HO • T-’tMr HI.\N< if K O U ! 

• 4 7 KHKDKHK K>Bl K<; Btl Mf 

SOB MCGINNIS ! 
REALTORS * 
L 
349-6211 
R E A L T O R S SO Years of T R U S T 

T IR E D O F H E A R IN G - 

N E W L IS T IN G S ! 
T H E S U M M IT 
C O U R T Y A R D entry to this im- mocute 3-1-2! Living- dining com ­ bo.. beam ed fam ily room with fireplace... decorator B U IL T -IN 
K IT C H E N with b re akfast oom, party bart *45,9oo. 
V E R S A T I L E P L A N , all b ric k 
3-2 2 with form al living- dining, beamed den with fireplace S P L IT 
M A ST ER ... lots of built ins... g a r­ age office... covered patio! 
$44,25o. 
69o-98o2 

E L E C T R IC T O O T H B R U C H 
You w o n t if you m ove into this b e a u tifu l and s p a c io u s , 
4 bedroom, 2 'i bath and den home w iih o t n u m on H a a c r e s vet w alking distance to a shopping center in Churchill District, R eal­ ty unusual 
Coll 349 1434 Anytim e 

W H IS P E R IN G O A K S, B v owner, beautifutly carpeted, 4-2, form al living, separate rolsed dining, den with fireplace, ga m e room h a s built ms, m any large oaks. Excel lent cond 
1o9O4 W hisper Ridge. 
492182/ 
____________________ __ u sH o m e 

Of CINTRA! TEXAS 

Serving San Antonio Since 1922 
TOM HOTMAN 

684-3112 

HOME + INCOME 
I story duplex, 
2 bed­ rooms, and I bath in each. 
Just 
I I years old, slab foundation and washer- dryer connections. Popular area. N o down to VETS. 
O nly $22,5oo. 

INC, R E A L T O R S r 
2 STORY HOMS— 
BEAUTIFUL VIEW OF THE CITY 

4 bedroom, 2 Va bath on a 
.8 acre. So many extras, like 25 X 27 ft. sundeck, 2 bedrooms, and hand carved bar ond stools. Coll today for SPECIAL S H O W IN G . 
BOB MCGINNIS r e a l t o r s J y y E 
3 4 9 - 1 1 2 1 
“ 
I S 

! O u tsta n d in g 4 b e d ro o m s, 2 % 
’ baths or 3 bedroom s ond study 
I L u xu ry features include, rom an tub, dual heal and air system, ond j seven w alk-in closets. All on a h uge doub le lot c o v e re d w ith looks! 
$98,9oo 
342-4)77, nites. 
492-11)3. 
B IL L S O U T H E R N R E A L T O R 
W H IS P E R IN G O A K S . C u sto m 
I contem p 3-2-2. U nique, sunken 
I conversation pit, 3 patios. Piiw d- j pies Only. 572,3oo- 492 9671. 
» 
! W H IS P E R IN G O A K S... 2 slorV home with form al living, dining rooms, family room with fireplace 
I and a gam e room 19xt4, complete 
I with wet bar! 4 bedroom s. 2 com par tm en ted baths. 
$74,9oo. 
R E A L T O R S 
494-48U 

Beat the sum m er m owing in this iovetv townhouse, fullv carpeted 3 bedroom , J ’ ? both, double ear port, w alk ins, oil a p p lia n c e s, drapes. Convenient location. A steal at $28,58o. 
734-2225 

O N L Y HERE! 
• N ew Brick H iw w on Aer­ u g o 
• Broo throb lug View* 
• W o o d ed Shot to r HHV A C , 
• 4 C hoice N orth Comm unttio* 
(Including Now ftrounfolt) 
• to w Tone* M ake easy Put. choco Term* e 1 7 o o So. ft. Living • 3 C ur 
G orog«$37,SO O o 26*o So. ft. liv in g - 2 Cor 
G o ro g o $ 4 9 .7 5 o . 
S corch The Homo tho rho! O v er 
TH TH Coil USI 
, 
- 
> - S 
Swinney Co. 
W m\ 
492 -16 72 
*7 
6 58 -o2 9o 
673-14o1 

O N 4'a A C R E S 
From the beauty rock wall cour tyard to the tree shaded stables this home is designed for tamily comfort ond ease of entertaining 
4 la rg e b e d ro o m s, 3 'i b a th s, fabulous den with huge rock fire­ place. Charm ing beverage room with wet bar, the gourm et kitchen is a foy for any hostess. $14o,o8o. 
344-8348 
Grace Arnold 
R E A L T O R S M L S ________ 
H A N D Y M A N S S P E C IA L ! jefferson area, only $14,5oo f o r , this 3 bedroom home. No down to i anyone! All you pay are closing closts. 
B R IG H A M R E A L T Y 473-14o1 
H A R M O N Y H IL L S 
3-2-2 Contem porary, high vaulted ce ilin g s, ce n tral a ir ond heat, w a lk in g d ista n ce to C h u rc h ill, 
E ise n h o w e r p lu s n e ig h b o rh o o d pool, only 
$31,5oo, assum e 
Conventional 
C A R E F R E E L IV IN G 
Chonge your life style, enjoy this 
3-2 Condom inium with fireplace, completely carpeted, use of heat­ ed pool, te n n is c o u rts, p a rty house, m aintenance and utilities 
Included in paym ents. $39,9oo, 
; assum e Conventional. 
S U N S E T V A L L E Y R A N C H E S 
I N e a r H elotes, IO a c re s, la rg e 
; mobile home, horse barn, green 
I house, well fenced. 

 usHome 
N E W O N M A R K E T ! In C astle 
P a rk . C h a rm in g 3 bed room 
2 both im m a c u la te hom e. F ire - p la c e d den, b u llt-in s g a lo re ! 
Beautifully landscaped yard with la rge O A K S . P re stig e location 
Priced 4o's. 

THE SUN 

Will Always Shine 

On your family in this lovely home in SUM VAI LEY. A Bedroom, 
7 bath, double car garage Single living area, cathedral ceilings. 
Assume, ot refinance. 
BOB MCGINNIS 
REALTORS 
349-1121 M y i 

?• n m iiim iiiiiiii ii lief ut ii ii ii 111 if? 
BOB MCGINNIS 
REALTORS i 3 4 9 -6 2 1 1 

A d a m 's Hill, by ow ner, 3-2-2, 2 
Hying am os, extras. S36,7on. S2So mo. negotiate equity. 473-27o2. 
B A B C O C K N O R TH 
C H A R M IN G . 3-2 B on corner lot! 
Beamed. O N E L IV IN G with brick ond cedar fireplhce. country kit­ chen with cappertone appliances. 
Patio, fully fenced. 
H u rry! 
$35,4oo 
69o-98o2 

 r 8518 GLEN SHADOW ~ 
Charming 3 bedroom. 2 both home with fondly kitchen and oil appliances. Convenient to Ran­ dolph, Ft. Sam ond Windsor Park 
Mall 
SELLER ANXIOUS low equity townhouse 
2 bedrooms, 2 berths, completely equipped kitchen. Immediate oc­ cupancy. 

FOR DFT AUS AND VIEWING 
CALL 653-o57o 
ANYTIME 
WORLD WIDE l 
REALTY 
, 

R E A L T O R S M om Ave OtC 
Tw o Sto ry , 4-2-2, den, d in in g room, fenced, fruit trees, close to school. $33,975 828-2454__________ 
B v ow ner, Sum m it of C olonies 
North, Lovely 3-2-2, fully carpet­ ed, covered patio, privacy fence, attractive landscaping, recently painted, quiet cul-dc sac. V-A as- sumptton. $42,8oo. 491)454. 

NO D O W N P A Y M E N T 
E A S Y TO Q U A L IF Y 
Non-Vets accepted. 3 and 4 bedroom s-m anv with cetral heat-air and appliances 
227-o227 
Watson & Son 455-8546 
N O R T H S ID E SC H O O LS 
Exceptionally lovely 3-2-2 with too m any e xtras to nam e them all. 
Electric kitchen pius refrigerator, b e a u tifu l c a rp e t and d ra p e s, covered patio, all this tor under 
$25,ooo. 

TWO-TWO-TWO-TOO 
2 storv-2 y e a rs old-2 baths-too good to be true. 5 b d rm s fully caroeted. 1oo°» brick In Northern 
Hills. 824-o171 
For only *17.5oo, you can own this 
3 bedroom home with wall-to-wall carpeting, custom kitchen, ond a big 17x1o utility room or w o rk ­ shop Details coll 481-3222, nites, 
435-4488. 
B IL L S O U T H E R N R E A L T O R 

BY O W N E R * 4-2-2, Westwood V il­ lage. C e n tra l he at-air, carpet, stove, refrigerator, garb age d is­ posal, co v e re d patio, fenced. 
NStSO , quiet neighborhood. A s ­ su m e V A loan. $214 mo. p lu s equity. Total $28,ooo. M ust see to appreciate. Colt 474-o34) tor oppt 

R E A L T O R S 
R E A L T O R S 
★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ * 
J TURN THE KEY ♦ 
J TO QUALITY J 
★ In this elegant Shavano Pork + 
★ home on o wooded acre. Outston- if ding family room features; if 
4 - circular met bai, beamed ceiling st and massive fireplace. 4 bed- if 
4 . rooms, 3'/? baths. BRAND NFW ON w. jl. MARRET with owners saying sell ★ 
* ASAP* 
* 
* FORTUNA ASSoCS. * 
J 
696-1412 
J 

★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ A r * 

Valencia- Owner 4-2 2, 1938 sq ft . cul de sac, form livin g dining, tam with fireplace. 654-4422 oft 
5.pm, no agents, $51,5oo 
V A L L E Y F O R G E co rn e r 4 -2 -i fireplace, carpet, air, p riv a c y fence, and m ore! No down a n ­ yone. Only $42,975! 
222 9616TERR A R E A LTY 24 H R S 
V A L L E Y F O R G E live oaks and a view ga with this 3 bedroom, 2 bath hom e! L iv in g and fam ily rooms...pretty patio 11x22! 
534,5oo 
R E A L T O R S 
653-7341 

B A R G A IN P R IC E 
W hispering Oaks. Tri-level 3-3-2. 
29oo sq.ft. large lot, m any trees 
$87,ooo By owner. 492-2377. 
W O O DS O F S H A V A N O 3-2-2, plus room for sewing or study, corner fireplace, utility room . L o v e ly yard with trees and greenhouse 
Just reduced to 551,5oo. 492-9214 

H om e for Sale B y Ow ner, 5 be­ droom , 2 bath, den and dining. 
Braun Station East. 684-o198 tor co o t 

Just listed Beautiful home in coun- 
- setting; 3 bedrooms, 2 baths, 
■> in family room; 2 car ge rm it Vt ocre. Call today; the price will .'JRPRISE you! 

Double attraction. Lovely I story brick, 3-2-2, d e n ( F P ) 
B u ilt-in kitchen. F L U S m atched 5 room brick hom e enhanced by walled patios. On J* ocre. M ony extras. 
$79,5oo. 826-2347. R E A L T O R S . 
Century 21 w h i t e h e a d -h o l l i d a y 
Beautiful 3 bedroom, 2 bath home 
In Oak Hills Terrace 2 car g a r­ age, large family room with fire­ place, sunken liv in g room and covered patio. One block from elem entary school. F o r viewing, call 342-4115 A N Y T IM E 

681-o3oo______________ R E A L T O R S 
N O R T H W E S T H O M E O W N E R S your home could be advertised in this space. W e're selling hom es from our office on B a b c o ck at 
Callaghan foster than we can list them. Coll today for non obliga­ tory analysis. 341-4484 

2 story rock duplex, permeation. 
One block to Jeff Village, bus at co rn e r 
E a c h a p artm e n t h as 2 large bedrooms, com bination Hy­ in g and d in in g room . N ice kit­ chen, $35,ooo 344-8348 
Grace Arnold 
R E A L T O R S M L S _________ 

Y O U G E T A LO T to like in this 4 bdrm , 3 bath tri­ level in Hollywood Pork. Also, a very private place for mother-in- law it you wish. 824-o171, Nites 
655-8421 

BOB MCGINNIS 
REALTORS i 3 4 9 - 6 2 1 1 

3 Bdrm , 2 bath, cent air- heat 
Equity, take over prints. 474-5239 
CAMELOT ll 
1 

QUICK POSSESSION. 4 bedrooms, 
2 baths, large corner lot, 2 living oreos, fire place in family room, built'ins. $41,ooo. Niles 655- 
2394 
NAYLOR REALTY 
GALLERY OF HOMES 
656-552o 691-1121 

 l 
341-9191 

$67S C ASH IS all it tokes to get into this beautiful $45,ooo home C a r­ pet, a p p lia n c e s, a n d F I R E ­ 
P L A C E . Coll now! 696-o974 
Fortuna Associates, 696-1412 
Century 21 
Lovely 3-2-2 in beautiful U niversi­ ty Ooks, single living area, corner lot, privacy fence. E a sy assu m p ­ tion or new loon Only $38,9oo. Call anytime, 696-533o. 

R E A L T O R S 
V IL L A G E N O R T H 
Big 4 bedroom, 2 bath, den, double garoge, covered patio, on B a r ­ rington near new post office site. 
PHA, V A or assum e. 349-65o3, 
654-6296 

W H IT E H E A D - H O L ID A Y 
71)5______________ R E A L T O R S 
YO U W IN 
W e ll se ll y o u r h o u se to r 6 % 
349-1479 A N Y T IM E 
Hector J Herbeck inc., Realtors 

Built with easy upkeep in m ind 1 4 bedroom home in beautiful Oak 
Glen P a rk. O utstanding a m e n i­ ties! S82.Soo Please call* 
341-4491 
Nites 342-oo47, 696-7892 
G E O R G E FLO O D , R E A L T O R S 

L a rg e older hom e on big tree- shaded lot. 4 bedroom s, 3 baths, form al living room, separate din­ ing room, fam ily room with fire­ place. Low 4o’s. Term s flexible. 

5 -3'j-3 on I acre estate, conven­ ient to e v e r y th in g . S p a c io u s room s throughout. All the am eni­ ties 
SI 16,9oo. 
344-3o78, nites, 
492-9917 
D O N JO H N SO N , R E A L T O R S 

This attractive foyer, cathedral ceiling In living area, 3-2-2. Com ­ p le te ly m o d e rn k itc h e n w ith pantry, slid in g door to covered patio 
Priced right at $31,9oo. 
684-72oo 
C E N T U R Y 21 Schneider Realty 

Sh e n a n d o a h , bv ow ner, 3-t-t, privacy fenced, dishwasher, dou­ ble oven, b e a m e d c a t h e d ra l ceiling, pantry, carpeting, 12X12 permanent shed. 696-3956. 

 y bedrooms, 4 baths, on approx 3« acre, excellent condition. O ve r 
4ooo sq ft. $125,ooo Available June 
I. 344-8348 
Grace Arnold 
R E A L T O R S M L S ________ 

4 bedroom, 2 bath, 2 cor garage. 
Close to schools. Large backyard with dei ho and pool $39 9oo 
G R A C E L A IR D 736-4235 736-ooo7 

B E S T 
B U Y 
IN 
O A K 
G L E N 
P A R K . Nearly 21oo sa. «. of living area with 3 bedroom, 2 bath, 2 car garage. Flreptaced fam ily room. 
Sunken floor plan. Very Spanish! 
R e d u ce d for q u ick sale. H ig h 
$4o s. Don't let this one get away. 
Colt 828-8195. R E A L T O R S 

H E L O T E S P A R K — Beautiful tri­ level overlooking San Antonio. 4 
Bedroom s, 2'Y baths, large su n ­ ken den, pool, decks, balconies, lots of g la s s . $11o,ooo. C a ll 
494-7651 A N Y T IM E . 

I t 's 
E x p a n d a b le ! 
T h is im ­ maculate 3 bedroom, 2 bath and den home on corner lot, has great future gam e roam space, re a r entrance garage. 
Call 349-1436 Anytim e 

PERSONALITY PIUS! 1 
This 
3 -5 -3 is n e w o n th e m a rk e r so to k e o lo o k l 
C a th e d ra l ceiling, la r g e den w ith firep lace a n d g o r g e o u s ne w carpet, fo r m a l d in in g or 
I living, equity e n d a ssu m e . 
N ite s 8 2 6 -7 * 6 8 . 
MINT CONDITION 
Im m acu late o n d sp acio u s d e scrib e s this 4 - 3 - 2 b e a u ty in Lakesid e. Low e qu ity an d absum e 
$ 3 2 4 m o n th ly p a y m e n ts. 
This w o n 't last lo n g. N ite s 4 5 6 -4 7 8 1 . 

D A Y O I N IG H T 
6 5 5 -6 8 4 8 

O w n e r s e llin g fo r p e a n u ts. 
Redecorated 3 bedroom in w ell­ e sta b lish e d tre e -sh a d e d n e ig h ­ borhood. F o rm a l living, dining, den. $17,5oo. 
S A N D IS O N R E A L T Y 
699-92o1 
JO H N M A R S H A L L M E A D O W S J 
On Connie M ack. 3-2-2. Coll tor* into. 
684-4211 or 751-9943 
P IO N E E R R E A L T Y 

O A K M E A D O W • O W N E R . Large 
4-2-2, corner lot. $63,9oo. 492-2924. 
Large living area with m assive fireplace, adorns this lovely 4 be­ droom, 2 bath, 2 car garage home in Valencia. You con assum e this 
7 % VA payment of $2o3 month. 
656-3ooo Anytim e 

Flowered, bricked arbor entry to this brick one story. 4-3-2, exciting glassed family room (F P ), living, dining, breakfast rooms. Electric thruout. S p r in k le r svs. It 's a charmer. $75,ooo. 826-2347. 

Spacious 4 bedroom, 2-story with m a n y c u sto m fe a tu re s, fu llv e quipped kitch e n , situ ate d on forge com er lo* In quiet countrv- like surroundings. $43,5oo 
A S S O C IA T E D R E A L T Y 659-1933 

Large 5 room house, new roof, big trees, big lot, only $15,ooo 
341-4455 
R E A T O R S 
826-6716 

BIG. B R IC K A N D B E A U T IF U L ! 
Spacious home with a beefed pool and c o v e re d patio... set on o corner lot in Charter Oaks. 5 shag carpeted bedroom s, 3 'v lu x u ry baths. Living dining combination, paneled tam ily room with fire ­ place and wet bar. 
$81,95o. 
R E A L T O R S 
494-7771 

A very large fam ily needed tor this u n u su a l la rg e 6 b e d ro o m hom e. In C a stle H ills . H u g e separate dining room, 25x14 ft den with fireplace. Custom built on extra large lot. Room for teunis court and pool. $125,ooo 344-8348 
Grace Arnold 
R E A L T O R S M L S ________ 
S T A G E C O A C H H IL L S 
Approx. 2 8 acres, 3-1 'i-2, trees, lots of space for horses. $59,9oo. 
684-4747B. Zoller, Realtor681-1492 

INC, R E A L T O R S 
R E A L T O R S-5o Y e a rs of T R U S T 
. H E L P -H E L P - H E L P 
Ow ners gone and left this lovely 3 bedroom, 2'a bath with living and den. It!s vacant, It's near pool, 
It's in Rolling Ridge. A ssum e low interest note. B argain at $36,9oo 
G A R D E N S IZ E Y A R D with p r iv a c y fence p lu s v e ry clean 3 bedroom, 2 bath, all lux­ ury extras. Yet only in mid 2Cs with low interest note, no city taxes 
F O R E S T O A K S 
Lovely brick 4-2-2, large den and living, privacy fence. All luxury e xtras Priced for quick sell al 
$39,9oo.Hove 2 other 4 bedroom s, sam e area. 

Beautiful 4 bedroom hom e with circular staircase. Separate din­ ing, 2 baths, and a powder room. 
L o rg e den, m a n y oak tre e s. 
341-72o1, nites 342-o829. A sk tor 
V IR G IN IA N IE N D O R F F 

R E A L T O R S-P e rrin Beilel Ole 
O P E N H O U SE 
Sat.-Sun. 12 to 6pm 
7o2 Fabulous, C h u rch ill Hi, E n ­ chanted Forest, 3-2’ a-2, sew ing room , covered patio, fireplace, obove ground pool. Cow 5o's. By owner, 341-8o52__________________ 

C A S U A L 
S P L I T - L E V E L 
C O U N T R Y H O M E on 2 Acres in 
Stagecoach Hills. 4 Bedroom s, 2 boths, lots of room for entertain­ ing. 2 F ir e p la c e s , 4 p a tio s, w ro u gh t iro n b a lc o n y , n a tive cedar-oak trees. Room for horses, too! 
Only 
$76,ooo. 
824-o121 
A N Y T IM E . 

Charm ing 3-2-2, with single living area, cath e d ral ce ilin gs, in te r­ com, ond much more. See it soon. 
$31,9oo. 656-3441, nites, 6S5-o616 
DO N JO H N SO N . R E A L T O R S 

On w. Olmos. Large 2 bedroom, I bath, separte dining, 2 air units, a pleasure to show. 824-4S21, nites 
674-o744 

The hard to please with this lovely stucco 3 months old home, that is almost better than new, split level honey, to r the e x e c u tiv e w ho wants 
Brookwood. 
Just under 
$6o,ooo inaM tM i 
| . % o u t h w e * » t 

 r e a l t y 

B IG R O O M S + Bui|t-ms. Spocious 
3-2-2, living room, tireploced den. 
$3,ooo equity, $378 mo. Call 
IN T E R S T A T E 828-o755 til 8 pm 

E N C H A N T E D F O R E S T - J u s t 
Listed! Exceptional elegance in this 3 bedroom, 3 bom home Ter razo tile entry. Living and dining room separated bv white pillars and covered with plush carpeting. 
Huge den with wet bar and lots of glass. M aster bedroom has sitting a re a a n d m ir r o r w a lls. C a ll 
342-3211 A N Y T IM E . 

3-2-2 carpet, central, bar 
W alk to school, $6,ooo a ssu m e s 
$329 mo. 
828-o665 
736-1766 
675-o629 
W A TSO N & SO N R E A L T O R S 

4323 Redstone, lovely 2 bedroom 
See to ap p re c ia te . $13,5oo V A loon, jesse Gee, 532-6758._________ 

S T E A L O F T H E W E E K ! LOS 
Angeles Heights area. 2 bedroom s with carpet. A skin g $1o,ooo, but owner says make offer now! 
G A S E -B A K E R R E A L T Y CO. 
69o-899o E ve s 696-88o5, 342-7712 

828-6391 Anytim e 
JU S T L IS T E D this all brick 3 be­ droom, 2 both beauty in Jefferson 
Hi area Form al itvmq den, large dining room, m any buttt-ins, tree shaded privacy fenced lot. $36,5oo 

R E A L T O R S SO Y e a rs of T R U ST 

C A T H E D R A L C E IL IN G in fam ily room of 3 bedroom. 2 both home with living, dining rooms...built-in kitchen, double garoge! 
$34,9oo 
R E A L T O R S 
494-7771 

Reaitors-N E Loop otc 
The perfect location aw ay from traffic ond pollution. This lovely custom built 4 bedroom hom e is id eal tor the a c t iv e f a m ily . 
• O P E N " liv in g a re a with fir e ­ p la ce 
C a th e d ra l c e ilin g s . 
M em bership in sw im and tennis club, owner transferred. $58,9oo. 
344-8348 
Grace Arnold 
R E A L T O R S M L S _________ 
B R O K E R S E X C L U S IV E * W ood lawn, 3 bedroom, 2 bath, central oir-heat, Florida room, excellent corner lot. $45,ooo 696 1412 

W H IT E G L O V E S P E C IA L 
B rin g your white glove ond in­ spect this im maculate 3-1-1 home with se p a ra te den in V’ilsh ire 
Terrace. You'll love it, $24,7oo. On open term s 341-4484 

3 bedrooms, 2 baths, completely redecorated inside. Central heat ond air, co ve re d patio, fenced y a r d w ith P e c a n T re e s. V e ry c o n ve n ie n t to m o lls a n d b us. 
$31,5oo 342 4177, nites 824-1954. 
B IL L S O U T H E R N R E A L T O R 
Century 21 
COMING YOUR 
WAY SOON 

Beautiful 3-1 with den in Deltview a re a. S e p a ra te Ii v I n g - d in I n g room, carpet. M ake offer. 
Whitehead-Hoiidav 
684-3711______________ R E A L T O R S 
H E L P -H E L P - H E L P 
Owners gone and left this lovely 3 bedroom, 2’ > bath with living and den. It s vacant. It’s near pool. It’s in Rolling Ridge. Assum e low in­ terest note B argain at *36,9oo 
G A R D E N S IZ E Y A R D with p r iv a c y fence p lu s v e ry clean 3 bedroom , 2 bath, all lux­ ury extras. Yet only in mid 2o's with low interest note, no city taxes 
F O R E S T O A K S 
Lovely brick 4-2-2, large den and living, privacy fence. All luxury extras. Priced for quick sell al 
$39,9oo. Have 2 other 4 bedroom s, sam e area. 

342-3111 
R E A L T O R S 
JU ST L IS T E D 
A ssu m e low equity loon on this sparkling 3-2-2 in N.W. L arge liv­ ing-dining com bination plus fam i­ ly ro o m a n d b r e a k f a s t a re a . 
P r iv a c y fenced y a rd . W a lk to 
Elem . school. You can m ove in today! Priced at $31,5oo. 
699-1133 
R E A L T O R S 
696-157o 

 ears of T R U S T 
On equity! O r refinance Conven­ tional. Painting will w ork wonders to this 3 bedroom, 2 bath home in 
Jefferson area. 
Beryl W eigand 344-2341, 342-6456 
BO B JO N E S, R E A L T O R S 

Ow ner. 2-1-1, $14,9oo. Sem i fu r­ nished. lo rg e yard , new paint 
735-811), 735-5743_________________ 

$9oo E Q U IT Y ond a ssu m e low paym ents. Perfect condition, 3 ; bedroom, 2 bath, central heat-air. i 
All appliances including ieem aker re frigerator. M o ve in this w ee­ kend. 681-o66o 

C H A R T E R O A K S 
S in g le liv in g a re a . F ire p la c e , 
3-2-2, 3o)4 Oneida 696 8538 

W IL S H IR E P A R K 
3 bedroom , la rge single fam ily area and oil a p p lian c e s at this very affordable price. Assum e the 
$254 m onthly p aym e n ts. E v e n ­ ings. call Chuck 653-5651. 

28x13 den, living room with fire­ p la ce , 3 n ic e s iz e b e d ro o m s, study, two baths with all the extra amenities In kitchen, All this for only *2o3 month at 7®* V A note, in the low 3o's. N E. School District. 
656-3ooo Anytim e 

Voyage to good living 
674*3575 

C H E A P E R T H A N R E N T IN G 
Y ou d on 't need m oney. V A no down, for this 3 bedroom beauty. 
Stove, refrig., fenced. 
See it today! 
B R IG H A M R E A L T Y 673-14o1 
C H U R C H IL L A R E A . C h a rm in g oil brick 3 bedroom, 2 bath with lots of trees and fenced yard. 
Y ours to enjoy tor only $34,5oo. 
G A S E B A K E R R E A L T Y CO. 
69o-899o Eve s 696-88o5, 342-7712 

In Beautiful C astle H ills. O v e r 
7ooo sa. ft. 2-story, Elegant 5-4' i-2, 
3 fireplaces, spiral staircase, im ­ p o rte d h a n d - c a r v e d s o lid m ahoghanv thruout with majestic archw ay leading to custom pool 
38x25. D esigned parquet floors, chandeliers. Call Annette. 
Century 21 
D E L A N E Y R E A L T Y 653-o55o 
E X E C U T IV E S S P E C IA L 
Prestige areo off IH IO. F a ir O aks addition. We offer large like new home on 7 acres. Top of hill with 
SO m ile view , all rock 4-2’/*-2, quality thruout. This showplace, only $165,ooo 

V acant 2 yeor old corner, p re s­ t ig io u s hom e, 5 b e d ro o m s, 3' t baths, huge den, fireplace, living and dining, heated pool, all luxury e xtra s plus near M e d ical Com - 
____________________________ plex and 
U SA A . 
Reduced to 
New listing, close to m alls and 
$129,ooo schools. 2 story, 4 bedroom brick hom e, la rg e fa m ily room with cathedral ceilings and fireplace. 
Excellent condition. $45,9oo. 
C A L L 494-5227 
Armstrong Co 
R E A L T O R S ___________ 
M C S 
C L O S E TO M E D IC A L C E N T E R and U SA A . 3-2-2 with fireplace a n d fa n ta stic fa m ily ro o m . 
$35,9oo. 656-1234 

S U B U R B IA C H A R M 
A yard full of trees offsets this 
Contem porary 3-2-den, sunroom . 
S e p a ra te d in in g , fir e p la c e . 
Fenced. Priced lo sell! 
Dixie lose, Realtor 
________824-7334, Anytim e________ 

4-2, seporote study, sewing room, trees, beautiful area, corner lot. 
N E IS D , B v ow ner, N o agents. 
$78,5oo. 341-oo79__________________ 

W IN D C R E S T , L u x u r.o u s 4 b e ­ droom, approx. 243o SO. FT . 'z blk. from golf club house, near schools, auto. sp rin k le r, m o n y extras. $7o,5oo. 653-7o44.__________ 
W IN D C R E S T O W N E R , 3 2 2, ex­ ce p tio n a l c u sto m , fire p la c e , c o v e re d patio, h o b b y ro o m , sprinklers. Avail. June I. $65,9oo. 
655-3696 
_ 

R E A L T O R S Perrin Bedel Otc 
S p a c io u s 3 b e d ro o m h o m e on large half ocre lot in Thunderbird 
Estates. Features Include 4o ft. covered patio, b ric k firep lace, water softener, drapes, beam ed ceilings and more. 

 is what you'll see from the den of this nice home. 2ooo sa. ft of lux­ ury, a true custom built home. 

B O B B IL L A R E A L E S T A T E 
534-88o8 
333-1468 
333-1764 
2 B E D R O O M B E A U T Y 
IN H IG H L A N D H IL L S 
This 2 bdrm home is in mint con dition located on a la rg e lot in 
Highland Hills. Biq living room, bedroom s with tile bath and dbl del garage. Only $16,5oo. 824-o171 

483o L A M B E T H , attractive 3-2-2, nice areo, convenient location, sprinkler system, fenced, central air-heat. beautiful I year old cus­ tom built kitchen. Separate living, d in in g , den. u tility ro o m . Im ­ m aculate, extras. Open house. 
$48,9oo. By owner, 684-79o3. 

In this lovely m an icu re d yard. 
Double potio for sum m er enter­ taining One portion of patio is screened far play area. Astro turf on both patios. 3 b e d ro o m s, 2 baths, double car garage with lots of shelves. Priced at $37,5oo. 
658-3535 Anytim e 

Century 21 
P A R K F O R E S T -IN T H E 5o'S 
C h a rm in g , cu sto m C o n te m p o r­ ary, 3 y e a rs new. E n try c o u r­ tyard, cathedral ceiling, delight­ ful dual fireplace, wood shingle roof, p riv a c y fence, and m uch more. 824-3233, 826-7314, 826-oo49, 
822-5973, 822-91o3 

W hitehead-Hoiidav 

3 bedrooms, 2 baths, located close to sh o p p in g - sc h o o ls - U S A A . 
Large fam ily room, covered p a ­ tio. u tility-se w in g room and a fenced ya rd . $43,5oo. 342-4177, nites 656-o333. 
B IL L S O U T H E R N R E A L T O R 

E xe cu tive 2 story hom e with 4 spacious bedrooms, 2' i decorator boths, formal and informal living plus the luxuries of sprinkler sy s­ tem, gas grill, club m em bership, and quality. 
R E A L T O R 
Coll 349-4373 

You'll love this split bedroom ar­ rangement, the decor, the bullt- ins, the fireplace and so much else in this great 3 bedroom s, 2 bath and den new home tor only 
$47,5oo. 
Call 349-1436 Anytim e 

L E O N V A L L E Y 
T R A D I T IO N A L . S in g le liv in g orea with fireplace and wet bar. 
All electric kitchen with m ic ro ­ wave oven. 3 bedroom s, 2 baths. 
$52,75o 
R E A L T O R 
691-13oo 

Tw o 
O u t s t a n d in g 
3-1 on cul-de-sac, B ric k and asbestos, carpet. C e n tra l heat and a ir. 
Owners anxious, lease with option to buy. 
Century 21 
R E A C T O R S-Rondolph Ole 
W hitehead-Hoiidav 
684-3711 ____________ R E A L T O R S 
F A IR O A K S ...N EW H O M E in a new area, ca rve d out of lovely ro n ch io n d s! See the hills (rom every room ! Beamed, cathedral ceiling and a rock fireplace in the 
33x15 living cree ..3 e xtra-large b e d ro o m s, 2 b e th s ond 78’ of d e cks on 3 sides of the house! 
“Honey Gold” carpeting! O ver 2.5 a cre s' 
$85,4oo. 
R E A L T O R S 
696-4811 

P A Y P R IC E R E D U C T IO N of $12oo on 3-2 near NW Shopping 
C e n te r. Jx b r ic k . L a r g e den. 
Covered patio. Storage shed. Play house. 
Fruit trees. 
Garden. 
$31,5oo 

C a ll now to see th is s p a c io u s 
4-2'y-2 home, h as covered patio, and is near Baptist ond P re sb y ­ terian Churches. $55,85o. 828-8241, nites 494-385o 
DO N JO H N SO N , R E A L T O R S 

3 bedroom, 2* i bath condo, con­ venient to Medical Center. Large living area with fireplace, priced in low, low 4Q’s. 
349-5111 or 349-3535 Anytim e 

Brick huge living area with large rb rick fireplace, 3 sp a cio u s be­ droom s, 2 full baths, c h a rm in g kitchen, central heat-air, 2 car garage. Call Ann. 
Century 21 
684-7171 
M A R K E T IN G S E R V IC E 
B Y O W N E R , Beautiful 3 2-2, all brick adobe hom e in U nive rsity 
O oks. F o rm a l liv in g room and large den with stone fireplace. 
Fenced yard with trees. W alk lo 
E le m e n try school. M u st see to appreciate $42,ooo. 691-1375. 

E L A IN E L U D W IG & ASSOC. 

L o v e ly 3-2 hom e. H u ge liv in g area, range, air, carpet, fenced. 
$25,ooo assum e or refinance. 

H I U U H U H I I U V IL L A b t 
L IG H T A N D A IR Y 3 2-2 in Forest 
5 acres on Lim estone Creek Rd, Glen. By Owner, Fullv carpeted, 
Beautiful level lot, covered with , b e a u tifu lly d rap e d . 3 y r s old. oak trees in p re stig io u s a re a : 531,5oo. 
7S3S 
Meadow 
Green. 
$42,5oo 494-7711, nites 494-2163. i 684-6o7o___________________________ 
DO N JO H N SO N , R E A L T O R S 
: L O M A P A R K , nice 3 bedroom, I bath near bus, being redecorated. 

K F Y R 
R 
M 
I P 
HUr VH U G H E S & B R IS C O E 
I I L I u n u m 
_______ 924-4331 
R E A L T O R S 
675-o696 

P L A Y B O Y S P E C IA L 
V IL L A IN M IS S IO N T R A C E 
I bed room with study, I la rg e living area, adult living. M U S T 
Q U A L IF Y ! 696-1412 

R E A L T O R S-N . Central Otc 
532-31o7 R e a lt o r 648-33o7 
B Y O W N E R , 2 large bedroom s, large living room, kitchen, wash room, fenced vard, beautiful in side, just redecorated, wall to wall carpet and wall to w all m irro r 
Must sell. 227-277)_______________ _ 
D E L L C R E S T - a ll b rick, corn e r lot, 3-2-2, liv in g ro o m , d in in g room, tamily room, breakfast area. 
L E O N A R D , R E A L T O R S 
333-o64o__________________ 661 332? 
G R E E N W A Y B E A U T Y . 3 be drooms, 2 baths, appliances, $25o dow n.' 
696-742o S L A T E R R L T Y 684-6169 

W IT H A L IT T L E L U C K . Y o u r offer m a y take this nice 3 b e­ droom home. Recently rew ired ond like new plumbing. Nice yard and close to schools. 
494-5221 
A N Y T IM E 

You won't have to cam paign when y o u r s p o u se se e s th is h o u se . 
You'll agree, “ I f s lust the tick­ et!" And no wonder with a plat­ form like th is: 3 b e d ro o m s, 2 baths, living room, tomilv room, and o beautiful landscaped vard. 
Located in Shenandoah, just a short walk to the neighborhood school. Call today, this one won't last. 
684-433o 344-62o7 Anytim e 

Specializing Northside-733-7141 
B Y O W N E R , beautiful field­ stone fireplace is focal point of large fam ily room , 4-3-2, 
N E 
Schools. 
M id 
55o's. 
349-222o 

Beautiful home single story 3 be droom , v e ry open liv in g a re a style. Fireplace, $46,9oo. 
349-3535 or 349-5111, anytim e 
L O S A N G E L E S H G T S , 4-1-1, fenced, redecorated, 52oo down, 
$175 mo. 
J & J R E A L T Y 674-8883 Anytim e 
LO TS O F R O O M 
In this im m aculate 3 bedroom, 2 bath hom e! 2 living areas, plus gam eroom large enough for full size pool toble. Fireplace, m any extras. $47,5oo 
R E A L T O R 
691-13oo 

All the kids get a bedroom in this room y hom e on a hilltop. T he minute you see this you'll say,“T- h e re s a h o u se th a t's a d a p ta b ­ le '. . . I f s on id e a l b uy fo r someone who can see real potentials. 

By owner, 3-2-2, $36,9oo. 696-7298 
No Agent*.________________________ 
C u sto m -b u ilt la rg e 3 b e d ro o m hom e. F a m ily room w ith f ir e ­ place, D 'H a n is tile a n d m a n y 
: built-ins. Two large patios ovelook 
> the sw im m ing pool and waterfall, i The backyard should be in H om es and G arden Magazine. Low 6o s. 
Century 21 
S chneider Realty________ 684-72oo 
F IR S T O F F E R IN G 
; An equity of $64oo and a m onthly i paym ent of *37o, buys this beau- 
I tiful 75% brick home 4 bedroom s, 
> 2 baths, drapes, wall to wail ca r­ pet thru-out. All electric kitchen 
1 in c lu d in g refrigerator, p riv a c y fence. M a k e th is t e rrific b u y yours before someone else beats you to it. 828-6343, nites 655-8791 

354 D O N E L L A , 9o trees, surround native stone, cedar trim, I Syr old contem porary home, 3 bdrm , 2 bath, 2 int. w alls of stone with fireplace, skyligh ts kitchen- din­ ing rm. H uge lot, circu lar wall, cactus garden, lighted Bar-B-Que ! e n te rta in in g a re a, c o m p le te ly 1 fenced. R e frig ., DW , W a s h e r - 1 d ry e r, new sto ve a n d sto ra g e - shed, custom drapes al! stay. New i cent heating, e co n o m y utility, i owner transferred, $52,3oo, new loan or assum e $14,5oo at 5 'x % . 
Call Ort. 6pm 349-579o or 494-149o 
H O L L Y W O O D P A R K 
417 F L E E T W O O D 
New custom built brick and cedar on large lot with energy saving features. 3-2-2 with 2 living a re a s.1 
Custom built kitchen with large counter space. B ric k firep lace with built-in b o o k c a se s, p lu sh carpet and beautifully decorated. 
A p p ra ise d at $59,9oo. B u ild e r; asking $57,9oo 494-1725, 344-2o64 
H O L M E S H IG H . Beautiful 3-2-2, all appliances, FP, 1989 Sq. ft. of living area. Large privacy fenced lot $5oo down to anyone. 
J & J R E A L T Y 674-8883 Anytim e 
3-2-2 Home. Approx 12oo sq. ti at 
922 Mt. Seroled. $3o,ooo. Fo r in­ sp e ctio n call M r. G r o s s D a y s 
225-5251, nites 342-5691 

R E A L TO R S-Lock hill-Selma Otc 
W O N D E R F U L W IN D C R E S T ... and, a w onderful hom e with a beautiful pool and the landscaped grounds! Well proportioned living and dining rooms, a family room with pecan paneling, fireplace... and a "F lo r id a ’’ room tor your plants! 4 bedrooms, 2' a baths 
$97,ooo. 
R E A L T O R S 
653-7341 

A charm ing house high on c hill in 
N.W. Ronchlond Hills! 3 bedroom, 
2 bath house, double garage. Built bv F la m in go H om es. $5,5oo a s ­ sumption! Coll now! 
341 4491 
Nites 342-339o. 342 7557 
G E O R G E F LO O D . R E A L T O R S 

344-62o7, 684-433o Anytim e 

H A N D Y M A N S S P E C IA L ! 
I Bedroom , I both, sm a ll neat house needing handym an's atten­ tion. Denver Hgts. vicinity. $5,2oo. 
826-6388 
H IG H L A N D H ILL S - 3 bedroom, I bath, family room, being com ple­ tely re n o v a te d C o n v e n ie n tly located. Buy now and choose your color of carpet. Open terms. Call now. 
333-4144 
Nites 337-8478 

R E A L T O R S Bandera Rd. Ole 
Century 21 
R E A L T O R S -N . West Qfc 
T H O U S A N D O AKS... L u x u rio u s 
C o n te m p o ra ry hom e with a li­ b r a r y loft o v e r lo o k in g the spacious, ((replaced living area... a m aster suite with an a triu m opening to a deck! 5 bedroom s in oil and 3 full baths. Lots of tinted glass and custom shutters! Great kitchen, landscaping! 
$95,ooo. 
R E A L T O R S 
494-7771 

E L A IN E L U D W IG & A SSO C 
Cost of Maying Up. Bown 
R e d u ce d $15oo on 3 bed room , double car Leon Valley home. 24 ft. den, formal living, assum e $2o2 
S A N D IS O N R E A L T Y 
699-92o1 

B y Owner. Colonies North Su m ­ mit. 5-2-2. F o rm a l living-dining, tam ily rootn-fireplace, screened patio, $55,9oo. 69o-9481____________ 

L O V E L Y 4 B E D R O O M 
Huge living, separate dining, den with fireplace, plus gam e room complete with bar. P ark in your back vard . N e a r M e d ica l C o m ­ plex. Ask for Ruth Fortes. 
341-9166 A N Y T IM E 

; Over *1oo,ooo in M a ry Mont, Hoi- 
I ly w o o d P a r k , C a n y o n C re e k 
Estates, Castle Hills, Elm Creek and other exclusive North Side 
Areas. 
C A L L 494-5227 
Armstrong Co 
1 R E A L T O R S ___________ 
M L S 

Lots of oaks trees cover this cul- de soc lot and accentu ates this lovely 3 bedroom , 2 bath hom e fireplace in den. San Pedro Hills. 
L O W SO S. 69o-922o 
Bv owner, Heritage Farm , 3-2 2, fenced, fireplace, covered patio, carpet. 
Assum e 
7 
J« % loan. 
673-7954 
B Y 
O W N E R 
H O L L Y W O O D 
P A R K 
Custom built 3-2-2, red brick home in excellent condition on la rg e corner lot. F u lly carpeted, fire ­ place, cou ntry kitchen, sittin g area in m aster bedroom , m any other extras. $67,75o. 494-3o86 tor appt_____________________________ 

And that’s w hy we think yo u 'll love this brick and cedar home in 
Ooh Terrace. It has 4 bedrooms, fire p lac e in fa m ily room ond m any extras. Close to shopping and schools. Low 5o's. 

 with swim m ing pool, 2 large ga r­ ages, on 4 tree covered acres. 
M iles of view. 5 bedroom. 3 bath, den, gam e room, lots of extras. 
Im m e d ia te p o sse ssio n , tra d e s considered 698-21o7 
B IL L P R IC E R E A L T Y 
Century 21 
SO U TH E A S T R E A L T O R S 
Century 21 
H O W A R O T A T E R E A L T O R S 
T O W N V IE W E S T A T E S 
By Owner 3-2-2, living, fireplace, util, room, beamed fam ily room, fenced. L an d sc a p e d , w alt-w oll carpet, Ig. corner lot. All elec. kitchen, patio, all brick. 8% VA 
684-o374.__________________________ 

O W N E R , 3-2-2, 12oo sq.ft., % brick, fenced, screened patio, full carpeting, 3 yrs. $228 mo. 684-4473 
F O R E S T O A K S , 4-2-2, den with fire p la c e , p lu s fo rm a l a re a s , 
$42,5oo. 7o43 Forest Mont. 684-3792 

828-6391 Anytim e 
L U X U R Y L IV IN G . No city taxes. 
3-2-2, carpet, covered patio, a p ­ pliances. Northside schools. $45o down. 
696-742o S L A T E R R L T Y 684 6169 

T h is lo ve ly cu sto m built 3 b e ­ droom home. In exclusive Castle 
H ills T e rra c e . F o r m a l liv in g roam, separate dining room, den with fireplace, plus large billiard room. 
See this one. 
$67,ooo. 
344-8348 
Grace Arnold 
R E A L T O R S M L S ________ 
P R E S T IG IO U S LO C A T IO N 
W alk to school, bike to M edical 
Center, lovely clean home, 4 lorge bedroom s, covered patio, priced under F H A appraisal. 

W e have it today, efficient 3 be­ d room hom e near sch o o ls and s h o p p in g . 
C o v e re d p a tio 
Paym ents better than rent. Low 
2o'S. Nites 6S5-1149 

3 or 4 bdrm, 19oo sqft. carpet, central, corner, trees, 648-o873 
828-o665 
736-1766 
734-4117 
W ATSO N & SO N R E A L T O R S 
Highland Hills. Near schools and shops. 3 bedroom s, large living area, new carpet, central heat- air. Lovely yard. Call Ann 

Realtors-NE Loop otc 
Bv Owner. 2-2 2, ’ i acre, IH1o NW, v e ry nice. $23,9oo. 341-o951. 
698-26o4 eves.____________________ 

M O N T E V IS T A 
Jus! Listed! 
Charm ing I story rock 
3 Bedroom s 
2 Baths 
Form al and Inform al Dining 
Fireplace Living Area 
Plus 
2 Story, I bedroom, I 
Bath Studio apartm ent 
Completed with kitchen. 
Dining and Living Area. 

494-76S1 A N Y T IM E . 

Forest aahs, By Owner 
Sp a rk lin g 4-2-2. all Brick, living- d ining. paneled den, fireplace, c o v e re d patio, p riv a c y fence, sprinkler system , water softner, c a r p e l, d ra p e s. $43,9oo. N o agents, 681-o616.__________________ 

U L T IM A T E R E T IR E M E N T 
Less than 2o miles to Central Park 
Mart. 5 ye a r old 4 b d rm 1oo°® b rick hom e on 1.9 acres. O ve r 
25oo sq.ft. of w e ll-m o in ta in e d home Healed and air conditioned k e n n e ls fo r d o g s o r h o rse s. 
Across street from park. 824-o171 

Century 21 
C O U N T R Y L IV IN G 
Yet close in 2 year old, all brick, 
4-2' i-2. Fireplace in den. Lots of trees on n e a rly an acre. H ave several from 557,5oo. Call today! 
N O Y A R D W O R K 
L o v e ly C h a rt e r O a k s g a rd e n home. 4-2' j-2, firep lace in den, large sundeck overlooking park 
Over 2,ooo sa. ft. at $49,9oo. 
D E L L V IE W A R E A 
Cute 3 bedroom, 2 bath, den and living. Central air, and big den, and only $27,5oo 

H o p Reser 653-6182 onyhm e 

532-31o7 Realtor 
648-33o7 
G o rg e o u s 4-2'j-2, fam ily room with fireplace plus a playroom on a quiet cul-de-sac. O ver 28oo sq. ft professional land scap ing, sp rin ­ kler system. Priced in 6o $, Won t last’ 
349-5111 or 349-3535 Anytim e 

H IG H L A N D P A R K 
Attractive 2-1-1, fre sh ly painted with heat-air, covered patio ond low price. 
N E A R M C C R E L E S S 
Attractive 2 bed room with c a r­ port, covered patio and p riva cy fence. Only $16,5oo. Call E m o ry 
NO DO W N P A Y M E N T 
N o clo sin g co sts tor q u a lifie d 
Veterans on this 3-1-1 in perfect condition. $13,ooo Call Jill 
532-3252 
N IT E S 337-4823 

Century 21 
W H IT E H E A D - H O t L ID A Y 

We Built It; We Love It! 
3-2-2, tropical cou rtyard entry, spacious single living area with fire p la c e , b e a m e d c a t h e d r a l ceiling, separate dining. $42,5oo. 
684-14o3 

R E A L T O R S 
Un d e r P O S S 
Brand new ail brick 3-2-2 contem ­ porary. Sunken livin g h a s fire­ place, ra ise d se p a ra te d ining, beautiful shag throughout. N ear 
Medical Complex. A sk for Beth rate. 
341-9166 A N Y T IM E 

R E A L T O R S iCentury 21 
Whitehead-Hoiidav 

F O R E S T O A K S 3-2-2, V A loan fireplace, low equity 684-2743 
R E A L T O R S-N . Central Ole 

Whitehead-Hoiidav 
684-3711______________ R E A L T O R S 
C U S T O M B U IL T C ontem porary home has a fireplace in the living room... glazed tile in the dining room and a fa m ily room w ith cathedral ceiling! 4 bedroom s, 3 gorgeous boths (m aster bath has a terrazzo show er with private garden!). "G o u rm e t" kitchen! 
$89,3oo 
R E A L T O R S 
696-4811 

F O R E S T O A K S -4 B e d ro o m , 2 baths, double garage, huge fam ily room . B e a u tifu lly la n d scap e d . 
Priced to sell. Assum e only $223 mo., or refinance $36,ooo. 681-o66o 

H a n d so m e 4 bed room , 2 bath, family room with fireplace, plus form al living and dining. B rin g y o u r h o rs e s to b e a u tifu l H ill 
Country! 15 m inutes from M ed 
Center For Q U IC K sale, priced only $69,ooo 
C A L L V IC K I L A N E 
341-3154 
N IT E S 828 3691 
Walker J. Barnebev 

F O R E S T O A K S 
All brick beauty. Corner fireplace in single living orea home. Split bedroom arran ge m e n t, m aster bedroom is huge. This is a real b a rg a in . *42,9oo. C all fo r you private showing now! 344-8348 
Grace Arnold 
R E A L T O R S M L S 

N eor New M a d iso n School, c a r ­ peted living and fam ily room s and m a ste r b e d ro o m . J d e c o ra to r b a th s, lo v e ly k itc h e n 
O n ly 
*29,ooo, a ssu m e 7 % % FH A . $231 per mo or choose your new financing. 
Century 21 
N e a r U SA A . 3-2-2, den, fo rm a l livin g -d in in g room s, b re a k fa st area, cent A H., built-ins, covered patio, Cut De Sac. N e a r clu b huuse, tennis court ond pool. Low equity and assume. 691-1856 
Century 21 
W A K E F IE L D R E A L T O R S 
H O W A R D T A T E R E A L T O R S 
IN G R E E N W A Y Off IH 37 near 
Brooks ond M cCreless Shopping. 
3-1-1. $1ooo will handle. 633-28o1 or Pleasanton 1-569-3382. 
F O R S A L E B Y O W N E R 
2-1-1, Corner lot, newly carpeted, and new floors, burglar bars, and fenced, la rg e b ed room s, liv in g and paneled den. M ust see to ap- preciate $18,5oo. 732-1971.________ 

U N IV E R S IT Y 
H I L L S , 
B Y 
O W N E R ! C u stom b uilt e n e rg y caving b ric k 3-2-2 on % acres. 
Form al living and dining area, cathedral ceiling in fam ily rm. with fireplace. L a r g e kitchen. 
Landscaped vord with sprinkler system. 3o cedar deck M ony ex 
Ira *! O pen H ouse Sun. 2-6pm. 
IS S I1 Doe Lone. 695-9237 

B Y O W N E R -N E W L IS T IN G 
C h a rm in g h o m e in e x c e lle n t condition Quiet neighborhood in con ven ient NW location. 3 B e ­ drooms, 
I bath. 
$23,ooo. 
Cart 
349-3o1o__________________________ 
B Y O W N E R . NW . 3 b d rm , No 
Agents Please, $25,9oo or assum e 
433 837o 
B Y O W N E R , R olling Ridge. As sum e 7% Loan Art b rick 3-2-2. covered patio, lorge tam ilv room, 
Cul-de-sac. App!, only 6*4-44/6 
B Y 
O W N E R . 
3-2-2, 
S e n e c a 
E states. 195o Sa Ft L u x u rio u s m aster suite, form al living-aining ro o m s, lo rg e den, c a t h e d r a l ceiling, !4Ft. bar. Unique kitchen. 
M u c h s to ra g e . L o v e ly y a rd , fenced- garden, c o v e re d patio. 
Immaculate, not 3yr$. old. $54,9oo. 
681-1877 No Agents.______________ 
By owner, Seneca Estates, 3-2 i, with 1,9o7 sq.ft 
L o rg e to m ilv room with fireplace, b re a k fa st room with built-in china, m uch sto ra ge , b e a u tifu l c o r n e r lot, covered patio, fenced back yard 
$53,ooo. 684-2725._________ _ 

D E E R F IE L D 
3 bedroom doll house, p riv a c y fence around p rivate patio, lot targe enough for gard e n , bad- mintpp, pool, etc. Under *25,ooo 

Excellent space ond storage in 3 b e d ro o m , 2 'a b o th h o m e in p o p u la r R id g e v ie w R e c e n tly rem odeled kitchen with Freezer space. Also a large studio, office or teen room with own entry. M id 
$3o$. 

A L L 
B R I C K - M E D I C A L 
C E N T E R 
3 B e d room . 2 bath, double garage home. Huge single living area, paneled with F I R E ­ 
P L A C E Plus dining area. Model home condition. Only 54o,75o or assum e *298 mo. with eauity. 
681 o66o 

Cute 2 bedroom in Eastw ood Vil­ lage. Com pletely re d e co rate d . 
$IS,5oo. Open terms. 
684-6444 
N iles 534-4o98 
H U G E C O N T E M P O R A R Y 
S u n k e n liv in g w ith fire p la c e , separate dining, large den, I be droom s, e n o rm o u s p la y room , oversized library. In C O L O N IA L 
H IL L S , A sk tor Beth Tate 
341-9166 A N Y T IM E 
Century 21 
W H IT E ttE A O -H O tL ID A Y 

3 bedroom home with sunny bay- windowed dining. Features 2o ft. den and separate living. Fridge, stove and fenced vord. 6 y e a rs old. Assum e $155 mo. 
S A N D IS O N R E A L T Y 
699-92o1 

F O R E S T O A K S 
A ll b ric k beauty. C a o rn e r fire ­ place in single living area home. 
S p lit b e d ro o m a r ra n g e m e n t, m aster bedroom is huge. This is a real bargain. $42,9oo. Call tor you private showing now! 344-8348 
Grace Arnold 
R E A L T O R S M L S ________ 

R E A L T O R S 
Bv owner in Charter O aks 
4-2-2 with shop, 5 yrs. old. M int condition. Art rock construction, fully insulated Fenced vard with m a n y tre e s. C o v e re d p atio. 
B e a m e d c a t h e d ra l c e llin g in fam ily room with walnut paneling and fireplace. 1ox 1o storage shed. 
M any extras. 69o-1366____________ 

681-o3oo____________ R E A L T O R S 
D E E R F IE L D . 3-l'a-l, cul-de-sac. 
$24,5oo. low equity ond assum e 
$199 mo. 684-4264 H A R L E Y . 

U T S A A R E A 7 L o is of room for kids in this 3-2-2 on % ocre. Large fam ily room with fireplace, all electric kitchen, near park and pool. 
494-5221 
A N Y T IM E 

J U S T R E F U R B I S H E D . 3-1 on corner lot in E astw o o d V illa ge and priced at only *18,5oo on open 
I**• Buy vour way! Call 
828-8195. R E A L T O R S 

Excellent location neor N. Star 
M oll is just one fine feature of this attractive, well-maintained home. 
There's a living and dining room, cozy den p iu s 2 tile boths and lovely hardwood floors in art 3 bedrooms. 
N IT E S C A L L 824-446o 
Century 21 
Deer Run. Lovely 4 bedroom s, 2 baths, heat-oir, stove, air, d ish ­ washer. Ea sy terms. Assum e $255 per mo. Will trade 
B O B D e P A O LO 
344-3o91___________ 
R E A L T O R 
Dellview. 2 bedroom , den/bam T 
Owner will finance. 434-49,o7 

3 b e d ro o m g a rd e n h o m e w ith open fireplace living, plu$ pool table-sized gam eroom . 3'a baths, double finished garage. 5o's. 
S A N D IS O N R E A L T Y 
699-92o1 
G L E N O A K S 
W alk to M ed Center and shopping from this Im m aculate 3 bedroom , 
I bath hom e! C entral heat-air, fenced. $76,ooo. 
R E A L T O R 
691-13oo 

H O W A R D T A T E R E A L T O R S 
IN 
S H A V A N O 
P A R K - 
Im ­ maculate custom- built 4 bedroom home. Form al dining, 14x16 with g o r g e o u s b u iltin *. B e a u tifu l o a r e le d liv in g a re a a d io in s delightful garden room Perfect tor entertaining fam ily and friends!!! 
C A L L 494 5227 
Armstrong Co 
R E A L T O R S 
M L S 
A N X IO U S O W N E R - C o n s id e r offer. 4 bedroom s, 2 baths, carpet, built-ins. $3,ooo equity, $232 mo 
Call now. 
IN T E R S T A T E 828 o755 til 8 pm 

IM M A C U L A T E 
L a rg e I bed room , 2 bath, with marble fireplace, large kitchen, I bedroom , I both a p artm e n t in rear of garage. 
Only 
$28,5oo. 
732-8111 

R E D U C E D ! R E D U C E D ! 

N E A T A S A P IN 
U S E Y O U R V A for p urchase of this sparkling clean, 2 bedroom, I b a th h o m e n e a r St. M a r y 's 
U n iv e r s it y , s e p a ra t e d in in g , rem odeled kitchen, draped and carpeted. $14,55o 
R E A L T O R 
691 13oo 

Walk To Central P a rk M all 
Lovely 3 bdrm, 2 bath home just one block tfom the mall. All brick with iiv-din and fam ily room s that have received m uch tender loving care. Call tor details. 824-o171 

Personify this French home with sunken living and dining room s. 
L a rg e firep lace. F a m ily room with expansive use of glass. Sa l­ tillo tile, beam ed ceiling. 3-2-2. 
Sunshine kitchen. $61,5oo. 826-2347 

3-2-2, central heat-air, all appl.* kitchen! $35,5oo 648 3593__________ 
LOW E Q U IT Y — M ove in Tomor- row! Lovely 3 bedroom , 2 bath home in Heritage Form s. Living, dining room com bination with den ond se p a ra te b re a k fa st areo. 
Lan dscaped vard. $3o,ooo* Call 
342-321) A N Y T IM E . 

R E A L T O R S 
T E X A S S IZ E hom e w ith 3 be- droom s, 2 baths... living, dining a n d fam ily ro o m s! B o n u s and utility rooms, double garage! 
*29,9oo 
R E A L T O R S 
658-7oo7 

Bring your paint brush, no down payment to anyone. 3-4 bedrooms, 
2 baths, som e w ith a ir and art appliances. Paym ents less than rent. 
B O B D e P A O LO 
344-3o91 
R E A L T O R 
D R E A M IN G of more space? This 4-2’ a-2 bos it. 
3 family tun areas, sum m er room. 
Parauet floor, carpet. A beauty. 
M A C R E A L E S T A T E 828-2521 
E A S Y A C C E S S TO U T SA 
Enioy lite in this spacious 4 bdrm home. Within walking distance of pool. P ric e d in upper 4o'$. F o r information, call 824-o171 

Century 21 
Century 21 
B Y O W N E R 
R E A L T O R S 
E L A IN E L U D W IG 8. A SSO C 
E L A IN E LU D W IG & ASSO C. 
W A N T E D - G R E E N T H U M B 
3 bedoom s, 2 bath b ric k hom e with lots of extras goes with this greenhouse. 
V ery desirable neighborhood. 
494-3448. A N Y T IM E 

G O V 'T O W N E D H O M E 
Very clean, living-dining cornbin otion. den, sfudio- breakfast orea, 
3 bedroom s, large rooms, garage. 
No down. Los Angeles Hgts 
Texas Properties 734-5oo4 

3 acres, 3-2-2, like new inside ond out. *69,5oo. 492-272o._______ ____ 
B Y O W N E R 
SH fe N A N D U A H 
J-l-1, $27,5oo conventional or os- sum e 696-5639 ofter 6.____________ 

F IR S T O F F E R IN G 
Im m aculate, artistically decorat­ ed 3 bedroom. 2 bath home plus fam ily room and large studio or gam eroom . 824-4571 

Lum ber, labor, etc going up to! 
B uy now! 9 m odels open daily! 
*79,5oo to $115,ooo! Trode vour hom e for the dow n p a y m e n t! 
5-4-3- bedroom s, 4-3 baths! Out 
Vance Jackson, I mile Iron 41o and Callaghan in Oak Valiev and 
Oak Creek NW 

B R A U N ST A T IO N E A S T 
Big 4 bedroom, single living area h orne-torm al d ining. C om plete with fireplace and wet bar, inside and outside The yard is in and you can enioy the w orld from vour shaded patio. E a sy assu m p ­ tion. 344-8348 

A p p ro x 2' a a c re s of trees ond wildfiowers surrounds this 4 yeor old brick ond cedar home. 3 be­ droom, 2 both, huge single living area with fireplace M id StO's. 
Beryl Weigand 344-2341, 342 6456 
BO B JO N E S, R E A L T O R S 

...is alm ost here, don’t wolf, see th is la rg e 4 b e d ro o m , 2 b ath today. 2 central heat-oir units. 
14x33 G ary Pool Room tor tennis. 
824-4521, nite* 674-o744 

Im m acu late 3 bedroom , 2 bath, convenient to schools ond sh o p ­ ping Form al living, fam ily room, central heat and air, double gar age Open term*. $33,9oo. 681-3222, nites 69o-9616 
B IL L S O U T H E R N R E A L T O R 

SA N P E D R O H IL L S 
Brick, 4 bedroom s, 2 baths, 2 car garage, carpet, central air and heat 
Nothing down to anyone 
$49,5oo. 
923 19o4 
A R C IN IE G A R E A L T Y 1 

Shenandoah. 3-2-2, M a n y Extra*. 
Call 696 3668__________ ___________ 
B Y O W N E R 
3 2-2, stove, d ish ­ w ash e r, patio co ve r, c a rp e ts. 
$235o equity. A ssum e *242 mo. 
337-6613 
MIKE KINDER BUR 
________ 
. . 
_ 696-833o 
Gra.£ft,£(CP*old 
R E A L T O R S 

18222684 

2 2 5 - 1 6 6 6 
QUICK RESULTS! 

NON COMMERCIAL! 
CANCELLABLE 
WITHOUT 
RATE CHANGE 
LINES 
DAYS 

Ili J li lM g f f i S L m SUBURBAN PROPERTY 
S a n A n to n io E X P R E S S - N E W S — 
S a tu r d a y A p ril 2 1 9 7 7 

J (KSOR; PROPERTIES 
228 RESORT PROPERTIES 
232 FARMS AWD RANCHES 

W A T E R F R O N T H O M E M E D I N A 
For year-round living 
Face* east SSS.OOO 
U K E LBJ RETREAT 
M m 
. watson I son *>?s n u 
I bedroom brick home on 2V? 
Mocks with 2o2 ft. of water frontage, fully landscaped with sprinkler system ond lots of ook trees, targe boot dock plus fish­ ing and swimming dock. 

FORT CLARK SPklNGS 
Be co-owner of 26oo beautiful acres. A Texas sized resort with all the trimmings, five mem­ berships at S3,5!K> each or oil of 
$17,5oo. This is for below cur­ rent on-site price. 

U KE TRAVIS 
Build your retirement home on this lakeview lot in highly restricted logo Vista Country 
Club Estates. One block from golf course, tennis court ond pool 
FOR DETAILS AND VIEWING 
CALL 342-4115 
ANYTIME 
WORLD WIDE 
REALTY 

A g e n c y h o m e s , i n c 
PRESENTS! 
} 
“THE ENERGY SAVERS’’ 
FAIROAKS SUBDIVISION , 
★ Country Estate 
S bedroom, 3’/? beth, located on I 
8.o9 acres. SI 29,5oo 
RANCH STYLE 
4 bedroom, 2 bath, barn, located on 5.25 acre. 599,5oo. Out IBIO, leon Springs Exit, right on Ralph fair Drive, Kendall County. 
OAK VILLAGE NORTH it California D esign 
3 bedroom. 2 bath, 569,5oo 
* Rustic Country Design 
3 bedroom, 2 both, 554,5oo 
Vt Colonial D esign 
4 bedroom, 
216 both, 
564,5oo. 
All homes designed with energy saving systems, garden win­ dows, prepared kitchens, fireplaces, professionally decorated landscaping by 
Mother Noture ond MORE 
. 
Out Son Pedro go IO mi post 
16o4, turn right on FM 1863, go approx 3 miles to Oak Rdige Dr., turn left ond then follow the signs. 
OPEN 
SUNDAYS 
I S 
Call Anytime 
341-7o57 

HIGHLAND PARK 
SW IMMING POOL 

4.o2 A cre s, new fence, well, septic tank perm it, good ro ad E le c tric i­ ty, nice trees. SIV,OOO. 2o°" d ow n 
2o y r s ot 8' i % . F o r Sa le a nd F in ­ a nced b y 
O w ner. 
695-89o5; 
895-32o5.____________________ ________ 
H O R S E C O U N T R Y 
An elegant co u n try h om e situated on 1 3 '? w ooded a c re * 26oo sq.ft. of liv in g area, 4 b ed roo m , g a m e r- oom , custom ro ck fireplace, sp ir ­ al sta irs ond m u ch , m u ch m ore. 
658-6211 

INVE* BOTTOM FARM 
321 acres, over I mile San An­ tonio liver frontage. Excellent 3 bedroom, 2 bath house, concrete block born, good outbuildings, sheds, pens etc. Fronts on State 
Hwy 
47. 
3 m ibs west of 
Floresvilb, outstanding buy at 
5ooo per ocre. 
MUNI RANCH NOURISHES fully developed 5 lo IO acre tracts. Streets, water, electricity and telephone, 14 m ibs from 
41o. 
STROZIER REALTY INC. 
I H O B STREET 
MYItT TElTSCHfK 
Floresvilb 393 2 5 ^ „ 7^ 744 

222-9229 
Evenings 393-2215 

WILSON COUNTY TEXAS 

113 Acres al' in Coastal Bermuda, 3 bedroom brick home, central oh hoot. 2 large hay sheds, 12 inch it ligation well ond irrigation equip­ ment Nice stock pond, will support 
2oo head cows ond calfs Suitable for horse form, or will produce 
3o.ooo boles of hay per year, also hove several, 5 to 15 acre tracts, suitable for home sites, coll 

ON PRACTOR 

WILSON COUNTY REALTY 

Floresvilb, Texas 
Office 393-6141 Res. 393-6142 
Mobib 393-6912 

Approx. 2ooo sq, ft. living area, plus 4 bedroom 2 bath, built in kitchen with many cabinets, carpet, central heat ond air, 32x18 pool, garage and carport, large corner lot. Terms. 

85 ft. on go o d c re e k - a c c e s s to p riv a te fake. 14 m ile s to K e rrv ille 
- *1oo d ow n - S35 m onth. M o b ile 
O K 
257*5369 atter 
6 and w eekends.__________________________ 
DELLCREST 
Brick 3 bedroom, 2 bath, 2 car garage, large carpeted living area, all electric kitchen, attractive screened, patio, central heat and air, terms. 

O a k R id g e E sta te s on L a k e L B J . 
L o t s s t a r t in g at 55.ooo, a b o u t 7 m ile s fro m M a r b le F its oft 281. 
O w n e r w ill fin ance, c a m p in g on lots p e rm issa b le . F o r Info, call 
512-598-288o.________________________ 
3 - b e d r o o m s , 2 b a t h s . 3 la r g e 
Sp a n ish oaks. G ood welt. Fenced. 
A p p r o x im a t e ly 36 m ile s e a st of 
S.A. M .D . E y e rle v a nd A sso c ia te s 
656-2678_____________________________ 
HIGHLANDS 
W A T E R F R O N T L A K E H O U S E 
Point V e n tu re on L a k e T ra v is. 2 story, 5 b ed roo m , 3 bath, a ir o nd c e n tra l h e a tin g, att e le ctric k it­ c h e n , s a u n a , h o u s e b o a t d o c k , m a r in a h y d r o h o is t d o c k , f u r n i­ ture optional. *119,ooo F IR M . C all 
512 474-1723 B y o w n e r_____________ 

Convenient to shopping and only Vj block to city b us. 3 

 b e d ro o m with large family room, air, fenced yard. 
Terms. 
I! you prefer the finest 
O n e a cre and up, well restricted, h o m e site , N .W . S A , 16o4 a re a . 
B u i ld in g s it e s f r o m $7 5o o p e r a c re , H o m e s fro m *7o ,o oo 
L A - 
K E C R O F T 
R E A L 
E S T A T E . 
342-1661._______________________ 
PEACH GROVE 
EAST CENTRAL SCH O O L, neor Brooks, 3 bedrooms, 
I Vt bath, separate dining room, central heat and air, at­ tached garage, fenced yard. Terms. 

RIVER FRON!/CREEK PROP 
182 At Medina River pecan bot tom, huge trees. Close in. $1,3oo per otre 
SIO At Req tattle showplace on 
Plum Creek neor Luling. 51,25o per acre. 
271 Ac black lond form on Santo 
Claro Creek, neor Monon, good house. Airstrip, Lake Only 51,ooo per ooe. 
583 At. on Son Marcos Rivet, old form stead Ownet financed of lust 58oo per otre 
Could o tax hee exchonge help you? Ask us how 
DEVAULT A ASSOC. 
349-2677 
Property Marketing-Exchange 

Well, b arn , g ra in bins, h ou se 
828 3665 
7361766 
-534 4439 
W A T S O N A S O N R f A C T O R S 
M O F F E T T L U M B E R C O 
( F A R M & R A N C H R e a lto rs! 
"D e p e n d a b le Sin c e 1935" 
4o7 N Z o rzo m o ro . 432-7881 

1o7 ft. on beautiful location, c o n ­ v e n ie n t to S a n A n t o n io . 3 b e ­ d r o o m s . 
2 b a t h h o m e w it h sc re e n e d p orch. S e p a ra te p a rty h o u s e w ith fu ll b a th , w et b o r, la rg e w ood deck, double boat slip. 
*74,9oo 494-7711, nites 655-7383 
D O N J O H N S O N . R E A L T O R S 

IN C O M E A N D L O V E L Y H O M E co m b in a tio n 
3 '? a c re s, IO m ile s ; so u th L o o p 41o. 3oo p e a ch tre e s I n ow b e a rin g. 2 S x l3 o ' all e le ctric j greenhouse. F a r m in g a nd w ater- j ing e q u ip m e n t inclu d ed in price. ; 
A p p ro x . 2,3oo sa. ft. b r ic k 3 b e ­ d room , 2 bath hou se w ith all elec­ tric kitch e n . W o o d -b u rn in g tire- I p la c e , c a r p e t e d a n d d r a p e s . L 
W ater well, targe o ak trees, c h a in , lin k fe n c e . *11o,ooo. S h o w n b v ! appt, only. S a m C am p b ell, B ro k e r , 
(512) 656-7667, (512) 349 3577, 
L A R G E B U I L D I N G S IT E 
I mite north from L o o p N W. d e ­ s i r e d lo c a t io n , d e e p s o il a n d w ooded a re a. W ater, e le ctricity, j and phone P a y m e n ts of *42.79 at 
7% sim p le in te re st a fte r s m o ll j dow n pmt. L e * Fetter, 679-7229. 

532-5245 nites, 333-3988 

DEANIE OWENS CO 
Realtors • MLS 
S. la s t O ft. 

S p a c io u s o n d b e a u t if u l r a n c h style h om e with sw im m in g ooot, g u e s t h o u s e o n d b a r n s o n 4 ] p r iv a t e a c r e s w ith p e r m a n e n t ru n n in g creek. O n ly 2o m in. to 
S A. 
5 A C R I T R A CT S AT 
CANYON LAKE 
Just right for "D o n ’t Fence 
Me In ' folks! lake facili­ ties, boat ramps, stores and schools near by. 
Panoramic views, many large Oak trees. 
Selling 
3oTo below market value. 
Terms to suit. . For ap­ pointment please call 

497-3571 or 1-899-2181 

W ill T r a d e m y b e a u t ifu l p r o p 
L o k e for v o u r trave l trailer, m o ­ tor hom e, or boat, h a v in g a value 
Of *4 *6ooo 434-o681, 656-8248 

I - / V 
J / 
I 
W.F. LACKEY I 

A A 
S 
S 
O 
C 
^ 
J r e a l t o r s 
1o5 So u n d e rs, B oe rne , Tx 
3S26, 
249 284o, 
249 I 
S A d ire ct line 824 9112 
R O O M Y 
3 bedroom, 2 bath home in 
Valley-Hi. Extra large bedrooms. 
Walk to mall ond swimming pool. 
Northside schools. 
L O W E Q U IT Y - L O W 
P A Y M E N T 
Clean 
3 bedroom home in established oreo near schools in­ cludes range, refria., carpet and fenced yard. Early occupancy. 
Only 519,5l5. 
PRICE REDUCED 
Owners say “Sell", so the price hos been drastically reduced on this luxurious 4 bedroom, 2’/j bath home in Adams Hill. Fully equipped kitchen, carpeting thruout, fireplace ond a 28x39 heated pool. Open Terms. 
FOR DETAILS AND VIEWING 
CAU 673-5o83 ANYTIME 
WORLD WIDE 
REALTY 

A T T E N T IO N 
D E V E L O P E R S 3 A c re tract, with o a k s In beautiful m a tu re su b u rb 
M A C R E A L E S T A T E 828 2521 
B Y 
O W N E R - L o t 
1 6 a c r e s . 
Helotes P a r k E states. P ric e d for q uick sole! 333-7291____________ ____ 

N E A R P I P E C R E E K T X 
8 A c r e s o n p e r m a n e n t c r e e k , w o o d s , v ie w s 
B ig p e r m a n e n t sp rin g 
P riv a te 
J im 
T a y lo r 
824-4898_____________ _______________ 
N E A R P L E A S A N T O N IO to SO 
A c r e s w ith u t ilit ie s a v a ila b le . 
B ru sh , m e sq uite, c o a sta l o r cut tivo tio n *55o p e r a c r e up 
L o w down, long term s. 
T E X A S V E T L A N D S 25 to 35 m ile s S A 
N E A R F L O R E S V I L L E 35 lo 7o 
A c re s Irrig a tio n well, p um p, m o ­ tor a n d lo r g e pit. Id e a l fish o r fo r m in g . T E X M A C R E A L T Y . 
S A 224-oo81, o ffe r h o u r s P ic o sonton, 1-S69 3382.________________ 

RIVER TRACTS 
AREN’T CHEAP 
But 

TERMS ARE 
GOOD! 

IV! to 2 acres, on Guadalupe 
River, good building site, good water access, from 515,ooo. 
NBG REAL 
ESTATE 
7 3 3 -1 3 o 9 

3 H o u se s o nd sm a ll store, *85oo or best offer. 143 Sid n e y o nd C la rk 
Ave. P E4 -2 17 ? 
COMING 
SOON! 

L C I— 
J A 
D E S S 
B ro k e r. B u y or Sell for You. C all: 
226-8357 
342-9338 
344-9424 
M E A D O W V ILL A G E 
1418 MEADOW KNOU - 4 
Bedrooms, 2 baths. Extremely welt maintained and roomy floor plan. 
Privacy fenced back yard. Buy NO DOWN VA, ar assume. 
N E A R BU S LINE 
Older 3 bedroom, l'/i baths in Westwood Village. Near lackland, Wilford Hall. Prlcod to sell, only $17,ooo. NO 
DOWN VA, or assume $82 per roo. with equity. 
R E A LT O R S 6 7 4 -3 5 5 2 
H O D S D O N A A S S O C . 
KEY G R O U P 

IS B E A U T I F U L H I L L C O U N T R Y 
A C R E S 
O n ly 24 m ile s n o rth of 
16o4 on H w y 281 N o r t h . M a n y trees, p o v e d road, frontage. Ideal b uild ing site. R e a so n a b le re stric ­ tions. T e r m s a rra n g e d . Joe C u l­ lm an 344-2341, 

N e a r W .W . W h it e c o m p le t e ly rem od eled and just great. 2 la rge b e d ro o m s, d in in g a re a , g a ra g e , lo v e ly v o r d . V a c a n t . V A - F H A. 
Coll O lga 
ERA 
JACK MITCHELL 
532-31o7 Realtor 
673-o1o8 

J o n e s - M a l t s b e r g e r f r o n t a g e n orth of T h o u sa n d O a ks. 72 a cre s, re a so n a b le term s. 
O w n e rs a n xio u s 
J.M . C ullm an, R e alto r 
SI 2-344-2341 

Q u ie t ly s e c lu d e d in W o o d la w n 
H ills. B u ild now o r hold fo r in ­ vestm ent. T e rm s a vaila b le. *3,8oo to *6ooo. P o v e d streets. A ll u tili­ ties N e a r S c h o o ls a nd shopp ing. 
N e a r B a n d e r a R d . o n d B e n r u s 
D r F o r d etails call L o u is Flo re s, 
737-2241._____________________ 

A B eautifu l 

• H I L L S I D E L O T - B E A U T I F U L 
V ie w - *14oo E a s y T e rm s 
• L o rg e Lot - T re e s N e a r L a k e 
A n d boat ra m p - E a s y T e rm s 

C o p t . E . Jones 
_______ 923-6211_______ 

N E E D S R E P A I R - Q U A IN T 3-1-1. 
*15o dow n, *12o m o 
J & J R E A L T Y 674 8883 A n ytim e 

N ic e 3 B e d ro o m H o u se on L a r g e 
Lot, 923-78S8. 

B lu eb o nn ets and L o u re l trees e n ­ h an ce this 179 a cre tract of lond 12 m ile s w est of Loo p 41o. In M e d in a 
C ou u ty *1ooo per acre. 924-8116, 
337-4927 
H Y A T T R E A L E S T A T E 

C o rn e r lot 1oox2oo ct G re e n Glen. 
( U n iv e r s it y H ills). N e o r U T S A , 
C a sh te rm s 
*7ooo. 
227-6271 or 
674 15o3_____________________________ 

N e w B r o u n f e l s - M l l l C o u n t r v 
P rop e rty. Sche el & A sso c. R e attv 
647 
S. 
Seguin, 
N. 
B ra u n fe ls 
625 8o78,____________________________ 

N ice H o m e with a c re a g e in E a st 
Centro! Scho o l Dist. 633-oo28 ll A cre s, lust outside city lim its of 
S e g u in 
A ll b r ic k m o d e r n 3 b e ­ d room , 2 both hom e H o rse barn, c o r r a l s , f e n c e s , w a t e r w e ll. 
*79,5oo. A sk fo r J e sse o r Ben. 

F A N T A S T I C V I E W O F S a n A n - tonio ond hill cou ntrv on 4 3 a c re s cove red w ith trees. 
494-2163 
L R . E A . ____________________________ 

A c r e a g e - N o D o w n . L a k e L B J . beautiful, scenic. E a s y p a y m e n ts 
341-2oo3 
__ 
ACREAGE 
145 Acres - Highway Iron- 
1 
(age. 2 tanks, lets of creek. 
I 
Owner financed. 
I 
45 Acres • Pest Oak Coun- try. 
Highway frontage. 
' 
Goad financing. 
I 
HOLMES REALTY I 
Drawer 2o 
| 
Gonzales, Texas 78629 
■ 
512/672-6115 672-3523 
672-2664 

B 
O 
O 
C K 
S O 
O 
B C 

O F F W .W . White. N 'c e 3 b ed roo m , carpeted, fenced. 
O w n e r financed. 
924-4525 
H A S K I N S R E A L T Y 

526 A c re s, n e a r U v a ld e . R o llin g countrv. B ig live oaks. E xce lle n t h unting, go o d m in e ra ls, good a c ­ cess, goad p rove n E d w a r d s w ater at a p p ro x im a te ly 15o ft. *4oo per acre. 
C all 
M r. 
T e nn iso n, 
A C 
5)2-826-8oo5 
_ 
_ 

B e a u tifu l lot in H o r se sh o e B a y 
*18,8o(1. 534-4918___________________ 
8 7 '? A c r e s . C o u n t y R o o d tw o sides, creek, tank well. B ig O o k 
Trees. Sell all or port. F o r Sa le and financed b v ow ner. 695-89oS; 
495 32o5.__________________________ _ 
281 N o rill. H S A c r e s , o a k s , 2 w e lls , f e n c e d , c o t t a g e , p a t io , sp r in g ted lake, dee r, no c e d a r. 
O w n e r 4o4-1757 
O L D IN D IA N R A N ^ H 
85 A c re s n e a r P ip e C re e k Tx. B ig p e rm a n e n t s p r in g w a te r c re e k 
U n s p o ile d h u n t in g a n d f is h in g 
C y p re s s trees, h u ge b o u ld e rs a v e ry unique place. J im T a y lo r 
824 4898 
— R A N C H L A N O S - 
L a n d F o r A ll P u r p o se * 
N o 
7 Flm tstone, 78213 
344-9936 

*5,ooo F o r 2 lots, I m i. S. of J C 
P e n n y s South, 224-6o26.____________ 
Century 21 
S E G U IN R E A L r Y IN C 
46)1-15 L a r k St. S2Soo each. A lso 
26oo Irw in $195o 735 8858_________ 
8 GREAT BUYS 
3 gorgeous Helotes Pork tracts. 
II acres, trees on poved county rd. 
East of Boerne 
IO acres, big oaks, neor Somerset. 
2o scenic acres fronts on Bondero 
Hwy. Close in. 
IOO wooded ocres with dammed live creek ond Bondero Hwy. frontage 
ISO acres, deer, quail, hogs. 
McMullen Co. 
6 9 5 .3 1 9 8 
G LEN H O W A R D 
R IA L ESTATE 

3-2 -2 o n P e c a n G r o v e , la r g e room s, fireplace, c o v e re d patio. 
ADOPT 
♦his ASS y e a r old and H w ill g iv e y o u n o th in g bu t h o g g in * ** the rest a f y o u r d ay*, b e au tifu l 
3 b e d ro o m , 3 b ath h o m e w ith m a n y ch arm * that w ill m a k e y o u w on t to call It ‘‘M O M * " . 
M a y be a*su m e d or refinance. 
C all n o w fa r thi* b a b y '* cate hi* tory. 

C a stro v ille area. 25-5o-1oo aes. 2 good h ou se s, W ater, good hunting. 
O w ner. I 426 3578, 426-2441________ 
B eautifu l ' ? a cre resid e ntia l lot in sc e n ic M o u n ta in V ie w A c r e s oft 
C u le b r a ju st b e y o n d the g r e a t 
N o r t h w e s t s u b d iv is io n . F o r d e ­ tails and vie w in g, call 654-1844 
A N Y T I M E 

C H W A H L R E A L T Y 
G ood selection F o r m s -R a n c h e s 
1-379-5693 1-379-571o 
Seguin, T x 
3734 P o rtsm o u th , 3 bed room , tip large yd 332 7615._________ 
C O U N T R Y H O M E . 2o a c re s riv e r fron tage 3 bed room , 2 both, fire ­ p la c e . G o o d c o n d it io n . N e a r 
Junction. *65,ooo. 224-54o6 a sk for 
M r Th orto n ________________________ 

R E D U C E D ! 3 b e d r o o m s , I ' ? baths. 
E x tr a la rg e ro o m s on 
Acre. 

BOB MCGINNIS 
REALTORS 
673-o151 

5,443 D e e d e d a c re s, IS m in u te s fro m d ow n to w n S A , on d iv id e d 
U S H w y. 13oo irrig a te d a c r e s in cultivation or in coastal b e rm u d a 
P r o p e r t y h ig h ly im p r o v e d w ith go o d p otential fo r d e v e lo p m e n t, 
^ m i n e r a l s to b e c o n v e y e d 
C h o p a r r o s a A g r i- S e r v ic e , 2ooo 
N B C 
B ld g 
Sa n 
Antonio. 
Tx 
512-227 51o1 ________________________ 

H ill C o u n t r y , S.W . of B la n c o , 
*4,24o, *212 dow n, *33.71 m onth. 2o y e a rs 
H R G 
R E A L 
E S T A T E 
822-1236. 
_______________ 
R O d S E V E L T P A R K S p a c io u s 3 b ed room s, 2 bath, I g a r a g e h om e on Lotu s. Onty *16,ooo. N o dow n v a , only *5oo P H A or trode. 
532-3252 
N I T E S 923-6185 

Y o u r v o y a g e to g o o d livin g! 
674-3675 

5 a c r e s h om e site , B o e rn e a re a , sp e cta c u la r view s, b ig oak,trees, rolling hills, *425 dow n paym ent. 
*66.3o per mo. O w n e r fin a n c in g availa ble please coll 734-7964 

125 A C R E S O N H W Y 9o W E S T O F 
U V A L D E A T F M !S72 O W N E R 
F IN A N C E . L E N N A R D R E A L T Y . 
734-4756.__________________ _ _ _ _ _ 

3-1-1 H o m e in nice neigh bo rho o d. 
N e a r M ilita ry B ase s. A ir, carpet. 
*25oo e qu ity. L o w p o y m e n t, 7 % inte re st. F o r m o re in fo r m a t io n and view ing, coll K e lly R e alty, 
433-664).____________________________ 
Century 21 
L O O K I N G F O R a F i n e B r i c k hom e, a e ra g e , view , g a rd e n soil a n d p a v e d fro n t a g e just S m in. fro m the h igh sc h o o l? A ll that o nd m o re *59,9oo. 
IS A C R E S H I L L S I D E b u ild in g site, all util, c oa stal fields, sp rin g fed pond. 

Century 21 i.6 o c re s, 2 h o u se s. N o r t h S o n 
P e d ro area. *62,5oo. 494-15o8. 
9 a c re s irriga te d fa rm land. G ood s o il, n e a r h ig h w a y , w e ll f u r ­ n ishe d , b e a u tifu l v ie w of T e x a s hills. *545 d ow n p aym en t. *87.72 p er m o O w n e r fin a n c in g ovatla- ble. C oll for a pp o in tm e n t 734-7964 

E D W A R D S R A N C H R E A L T Y 
B u y vo u r land from the n ativ e s 
P I P E C R E E K , T X . 695-848o 

E L A I N E L U D W IG & A S S O C 
W A K E F I E L D R E A L T O R S r SMALL ACREAGE 
7 pieces o f property rang­ ing from 4 .6 2 4 to 5 2 . 6 9 6 ocres overlooking M E D IN A 
RIVER BASIN. 
A pleasant hours' drive from San A n ­ tonio. 
O w n e r financing available. 

BOB M C IN N IS 

 r » a i t o p * j y y g 
1 349-1121 
I r> 

484-86oo R a n c h e s 492-2796 
S E L L O R T R A D E 
H ig h la n d H ills, 2 b e d ro o m , den, central oir-heat, carpet, pan eled 
W ill toke pickup , car, trailer, etc. 
R E N F R O R E A L T Y 
622-3363 _____________ 

H U G E B e d r o o m s , -3 h u g e b e ­ d r o o m s, a ll c a rp e te d . 2 B a t h s , som e a pp liances, carp eted liv in g room . 
C lo se to all sch oo ls. 
675-2152 

F o r m and R a n c h L istin g s W anted 
5o A c re s o r la rg e r w ithin 65 m ile s ot San Antonio. W rite full d etoils and p rices. 
E D. GOZA, R E A L T O R . 
618 M c C u llo u g h A v e , Sa n A nton ic, 
Tex., 
227 81o5, 
822 53oo, 
826-56)8._____________________________ 

S O 
T E X A S IOO A C R E S O R 
B R U S H 
C O U N T R Y - E X C E L ­ 
L E N T 
H U N T I N G - W A T E R 
W E L L - E L E C T R IC I T Y . 
IO ". 
D O W N 
J IM L E E R E A L T Y 
713 441-289o ( H O U S T O N ) 

Randolph Blvd. Investment 
7 in c o m e u n it s , W h it e s t u c c o tow n h o u se s R o o m for m o re b u s i­ n e ss venture. 
824-2391 (Anytime) 

R E A L T O R S 
1o5 So u n d e rs, B oe rne , T x 
249-3526, 
249 284o, 
249-1 
S A. d ire ct tine 824-9112 
F E N C E D - W IT H W E L L 
24 A cre s, n e a r P ip e C re e k v e r y good 
H a s barn, pens, a nd sm a ll m obile hom e *36,5oo 695-848o,(1) 
535-4596, 
E D W A R D S R A N C H R E A L T Y 
_________ P ip e C reek, T e x __________ 

T h is all b ric k 3 b ed roo m , 2 bath h o m e p r o v id e s p le n ty o< e lb ow ro o m . F e a t u r e s p a n e lin g , w a ll- to-wall c a rp e tin g ond la rg e fa m ily room . O n lv *3o,ooo. 828-8241, nites 
655 2437 
D O N J O H N S O N , R E A L T O R S 

IN D IA N C R E E K . 3-1-1, se p a ra te dining, sm a ll equity and take o v e r p a y m e n ts . B v o w n e r. 623-4S38 after 6 
________ 

B Y O W N E R 75 A C R E S 14 m ile s so u th e ast Loo p 41o on h ig h w a y 16. 
O n ly 3 y e a r s old 
A ll b r ic k 3-2 h o m e . L A R G E R O O M S . S w im ­ m in g p oo l 
2 -s to rv m e ta l b o rn . 
Ir r ig a t io n w e ll a n d e q u ip m e n t. 
F i s h i n g p o n d . L o r g e o a k a n d h ic k o r y tree s. W ith 2o a c r e s of c o a sta l. D e e r, q u a il, o n d d ove . 
Call: 
924-6571 o r 
1-742-3o98 for a p p o in tm e n t________________________ 

W ebb C ounty betw een F r e e r o nd 
L a r e d o . G o o d fe n c e s , 3 t a n k s , stocked, buttle g ra ss , a b u n d a n c e deer, quail, h ogs, iave lina. J o in s b ig r a n c h e s , m o b ile h o m e , e lectricity *265 a cre. P r in c ip a ls only F in a n c in g set up, b u y e r a s ­ su m e s note. O w ne r, 512-263-2413, 
Austin. 
S P A N IS H Style H o m e w ith J toir droom , 3 both, h u g e den a n d fire ­ p la ce , B e a u tifu l c o u r t y a r d , o ir- heat. o nlv >< mi. oft IH -1o E ast. A ll th is situ a te d on 15 a c r e s 
O n lv 
$65,ooo. D A L E D Y E S S R E A L ­ 
T O R , 2o6 S. A u stin St., Se gu in , Tx. t-379-6158. 
S T O C K D A L E 
' 
R o c k h o u se , w ith f ir e p la c e , 2o p e c a n tree s, 2o p e a c h tree s, o r ­ cha rd , c yclo n e fenced. B a r n tor h orses, sm o k eh ou se. M u c h m ore. 
3 A cre s, bv ow ner, sell o r trad e! 
653-48oo_____________________________ 

N a m e y o u r t e r m s ! S . E . of S o n 
A n to n io , n e a r C a l a v e r a s . H B O 
R E A L E S T A T E . 927-7441_________ 
IO A cre s, 4o mi. fro m 41o N, flat with c e d a r and o ak s. J im A sh le y 
Reg! E state 684-4276_______________ 

R E A L T O R S A u stin H w y Qfc 
3 2 2 in L A C K L A N D T E R R A C E 
C e n t r a l h e a t- a ir , c a r p e t , a p ­ p lia n c e s la rg e trees, fenced yard. 
*28,ooo. O pen T e rm s. 
12o g re a t h u n tin g a c re s, *129 5o p e r acre, 5 % dow n p aym en t, 7 *« % sim p le interest w ith 2o y e a r te rm s a vaila ble, call for in fo rm a tio n 
734 7944_______________ ___________ __ 

7' i a c re s 4 m ile s out of Se gu in on 
F M 4 6 4 2o O a k tre e s o n d W a te r 
Well. 1-379-oo12.____________ 
Century 21 
W A L k T O U S A ^ S i - L A F B from this p retty 2-sto rv h om e in 
G a te w a y T e rra c e . 3 b e d ro o m , 2 bath, central heat-air. A ss u m e o r re fin a n ce w ith no d ow n V A a nd p a y m e n ts of *235.oo. 341-4484 

L e a k e y A r e a - H e a v ily w o o d e d . 
G o o d h u n tin g -*2 5 o d ow n- $72-4o mo. E m o r y Jones- 734-4627________ 
B y O w n e r - D u n la v . 3 b e d rm , I bath on I ' ? o cre s. 1-426-3561_______ 
G U A D A L U P E C O U N T Y R A N G E 
L A N D 
55 a c r e s , g e n t ly r o llin g s a n d y loam p asture, n ative cove r, w a ter w e ll, c h o ic e of a c c e s s . 
J T 
S L U D E R 344-E341 
B O B J O N E S , R E A L T O R 

R.R. R A N S O M R E A L T Y 673-77o1 

A B IG B A S S T A N K on th is 271 ac. b la c k la n d f o r m betw een S.A. a nd N e w B ra u n fe ls. 
3-2 Hom e, a irstrip . *1,ooo p er ac. 
D E V A U L T A A sso c. 349 2677 
P ro p e rty M a rk e tin g E x c h a n g e 

IO m in u te s fr o m C a n y o n D o m , 
S69S p er acre. O w n e r w ill c a r r y note. 
342-18o8. 
B I L L 
H U G H E S , 
B R O K E R . __________________________ 

 lf you w ant a 3 b ed room . 2 bath home, you w o n ’t find a n ice r one priced low er than this one. 

C A L D W E L L C O U N T Y 
75o A C R E S 
T w e n t y - f i v e m i le s to A u s t in , six ty -fiv e m ile s to S a n A n to n io , s e v e n m ile s to L o c k h a r t . 66o a c r e s in c u lt iv a t io n , e x c e lle n t f e n c e s a n d c r o s s f e n c in g . S ix p o n d s, ro llin g te rra in . E x c e lle n t cattle ranch. S5S5 p er acre. P h o n e 
H o m e r W e b ste r 
512-392-967o o r 
5)2-392-2544._________________________ 

C h o ic e R i v e r m o n t lot. B e i n g t r a n s f e r re d - M u s t sell. E q u ity , toke up p aym en ts. C all 696-28o6 

3 bed room s, livln q room a nd d in ­ ing room , carp et throughout, with drapes. 
Im m ed iate p o sse ssio n ! 
*2o,3oo. 
C A L L V IC K I L A N E 
341-3154 
N I T E S 828 3691 
W alker J. Barnebey 

1o3 B IL T M O R E , S T E 2o4 
OH: 342 9486________R e s 
655 ! 
B O B B IL L A R E A L E S T A T E 
534-88o8 
333-1468 
333-1764 
F O R T 
C L A R K 
S P R I N G S 
M E M B E R S H I P R e aso n a b le . 
653-4382 
__ 

H IL L 
C O U N T R Y 
N E A R 
K E R R V I L L E 
4 b e d roo m , 2 bath, lodge, te n n is c o u r t . O n 25 o c r e s o r m o r e 
*1oo,ooo I 846-3471_________________ 

2x3 11 *2 15 O F T H E B E S T price, low paym ents, *15,5oo. H W Y 281 
SO UTH________________________ 

A B S O L U T E L Y F A N T A S T IC , find 
IOO a c r e s w it h m o u n t a in to p hom e, tor u n d e r *91,5oo w ith an h o u r 's d riv e a nd I ’ll b u y It, O th e r­ w is e b u y m in e . J o h n P h ilp o t t ow n er-b ro ker, 342-48o8. 
B ro k e r s p ro te c te d ________________________ _ 
A C C E P T IN G B ID S 
U ntil A p ril IS to settle estate: 278 a c r e s a d j a c e n t to S o n M a r c o s 
A irp o rt w ith rail a nd ro a d fr o n ­ tage. H a s trees, tank a n d sm a ll c re e k - m o stly In cultivation. 
B F D A V ID S O N R E A L T O R 
P O 
B o x 1138 
512-392 8156. Sa n 
M a rc o s, T e x o s 78646_______________ 

N e a r K e r r v ille , fe n c e d , w a t e r well, beautiful d ouble w ide m obile home. G ood deer hunting. *4o,ooo, 
Lucille 
B ie rsc h w a le 
344-2341, 
344 5549 
B O B J O N E S , R E A L T O R S 

O u t Sa n P ed ro , ts m inutes. O a ks, soil, view for m iles. P a v e d ro a d 
C o op e le c tric 
*85oo, t e r m s b v ow ner. 
B o b 
Sm ith, 
698-2o93, 
494-6777._____________________________ 

F T . C L A R K S P R I N G S m e m b e rsh ip . 822-3641 
A A A B A R G A IN 3 b ed roo m s, den, central air. *25o dow n 
696 742o S L A T E R R L T Y 684-6169 
K IN G K O N G S I Z E D D E N . f ir e ­ place in e n o rm o u s 33 x 16 fa m ily room . 3 B e d ro o m s, I bath, I c a r g a r a g e . T o o m a n y e x t r a s to nam e. Open term s. 675-2152 

F T . C L A R K S P R I N G S M E M 
B E R S H I P 
A N D 
L O T 
C H O IC E 
673-3735.____________________________ 
Hill Country R an ch 
Near Junction-97o Acres 
2 wells with concrete stock tank*. Good barns, corrals, fences. Lots of game. Mile of paved road frontage. Like new brick 3 br, 2 bath, fire­ place 
$325 
P E R 
A C R E . 
T E R M S. 
Philip D. W ard & Assoc 
Houston (713) 626-3o71 

U T ^ A A R E A O N 16o4 
V e ry P riva te , b eautiful m o d e rn 3 bedroom , 2 bath ro ck h o m e F ir e ­ place , c e n tra l heat, b u ilt-in k it ­ chen. S ta b le s w ith c o m m e r c ia l fro n t a g e o h F M -1 6 o 4 . U P to 15 acres. 
L e a se 
56oo m o. 
C all 
222-2282. 
_ 

Coll u s about o u r close-in ru ra l p rop erties. 2-8oo A c r e s 
Seitz A A sso c, R e a lto rs 824-2385 
O V E R 2 A C R E S 
H ill C o u n t r y V i l l a g e o n H ill 
C o u n t r y 
L a n e , s e c lu d e d . 
P -e stig io u s hom esite C oll 
494-S571 
N I T E S 349-8337 

R E A L 
E S T A T E , 
T h e r e a r e n u m e ro u s ra n c h e s of 64o a c re s o r la rg e r in L A S A L L E A N D W E B B 
C O U N T Y that we think a re good in v e stm e n ts F o r sp e c ific in fo r ­ mation, call o r w rite 
C E E R P E T E R S 
1-8/9 2759 
P O B O X 563, Cotulla, Tx 78o14 

*2oo or *3oo total m o ve in. 3 a nd 4 b e d ro o m , p a y m e n t s st o rt fro m 
*13o to *45o. Jun e p a y m e n t 
674 4126_________R A E R e al E state 
A l C on d ition , in V a lle y F o re st, 
4-2-1. Iiv in g r o o m . fa m ily ro o m , 
A v o c a d o a p p l i a n c e s , la r g e c o v e r e d p a tio . 1 o X 1 o S t o r a g e sh e d . L a r g e lo t w it h p r i v a c y fe n c e . 
C o n v e n i e n t 
K e l ly - 
La c klo n d - M e d in a and oil schools. 
*3o.5oo 675-o543.___________________ 
A K I N G S I Z E D M A S T E R B E 
D R O O M m o k e s this h om e o real steal for u nd e r *2o.ooo. (T h e rest of the hou se is nice, *oo). 656-1234 

B y O w ne r, 2 a c re s with lake view , b e a u t ifu l o o k t r e e s 
O n p o v e d r o o d n e o r b o o t r a m p 
U tilit ie s a vaila ble. 
O w n e r w ill finance. 
1-899-2744.___________________________ Century 21 
L a c k la n d T e rra ce . B v O w ne r. IOO 
% stone, 3-2-2+ carp ort, c o v e re d p a tio , c e n t r a l h e a l- o ir , m a n y c lo se ts . A t t r a c t iv e c o r n e r lot, lo rge fenced ya rd . b e a rin g pecan tree, w alk to schools. 684-4o4o 

N E A R P I P E C R E E K 
C lo se enough tor com m u tin g, but fa r e n o u g h to e n j o y 
R E A L 
C O U N T R Y L IV IN G . C ustom built mobile, deer proof g a rd e n plus 2o fruit trees. O n lv S3S.OOO. 344-8348 
Grace Arnold 
R E A L T O R S M L S _________ 

5 A C R E S n e a r S e g u in . * 6 9 9 * 
Sm a ll dow n, long term financing. 
B v O w n e r L E 4 -8 8 7 6 ______________ 
6 a cres, no d ow n p aym en t, *59 4o per mo., V ie w 4 m ile s from Con- yon. Jim A sh le y R e a lty 226-7774 

W A K E F I E L D R E A L T O R S 
C A N Y O N L A K E - - Y o u r o w n P a ­ ra d ise ! Fu ll tim e or re so rt hom e w ith fa n t a s tic la k e vie w . E a s y m a in te n a n c e , a ll c o n v e n ie n c e s. 
Fu rn ish e d . M u st See! *32,5oo. C all 
494-7651 A N Y T IM E . 

7o A C R E F A R M N E A R N E W 
B R A U N F E L S , O w n e r fin anced 
177 A c re fa rm n eo r D e vin e . *6oo per acre, 2 9 % dow n 
684 4211 or 751-9943 
P I O N E E R R E A L T Y ________ 

42 a cre live oak hills J o in s h uge ranch, d e e r-tu rke v *395 p er acre. 
Lib e ra l term s. I 896 244o__________ 

IO h ill c o u n t r v a c r e s , in la r g e ranch, good hunting, deer, tu rk e y, ja v e lin g s , *3 o o d o w n p a y m e n t, 
*46.39 p er mo. F in a n c e bv ow ner. 
Coll tor inform ation. 734-7964 

Devine, Texas 
I 663-4558 
W e have 4 tra c ts in B e x a r C ou n ty w h ich h ave been a p p r a ise d 
A ll h ave ro ad fron tag e a nd utilities. 
N o City taxes. Act now ! 

H ill c o u n t r y - K e r r v tlle a re a . 25o a c re s P a rtly g a m e p roof fenced. 
W o u ld m a k e e x c e lle n t e x o t ic ga m e ranch. W ill stock o nd m a n ­ a ge for you 
E x c e lle n t w hite tall d e e r h u n t in g 
* 1 7 5 . o o o 
W ill finance. 1-866-3471__________________ 

R E A L T Q R S - 5 o Y e a r s of T R U S T 
3 o cre s. beautiful view, n ice oaks, g o o d s o il, S5 9 S p e r a c r e . B ill 
H u gh es. B ro k e r. 342-166)._________ 

T rad e 22 efficiency o pts tor farm , ra n c h or sell *67.5oo. 734 6675 
2 b e d ro o m h o m e o n d b o rn , E d ­ w a r d s w e ll, f r o n t a g e o n a ll w eather ro ad L e s s than 5 m ile s from Loop 41oW. 
344-6268 
341-6566 
684-5768 

B A R G A R B E H IN D F E D M A R T 
3 b edroom s. 52oo dow n. *162 mo. 
696-742o S L A T E R R L T Y 344-o936 
B eautiful +2-2 in M e a d o w V illa g e 
I, se p ara te living, fa m ily, g a m e r- oom , 23oo sa .It 
*5ooo e q u ity at 
*368 month. 673-o154._______________ 

4 + A C R E S N O R TH 
C orn e r, p ave d 2 sides, b ig trees 
828-o665 
7361766 
734-4117 
W A T S O N 8. S O N R E A L T O R S 

2o A c r e s of lo n d , 3 b e d r o o m h o u se , cent, h e a t-a ir, at C e n te r 
Point, Tx. F o r Sale B y O w ne r, 
649 2985____________________________ _ 
58.o2 A C R E S on F M 1518. 2 mi. e a st of 181 S 
*1ooo ac. A r t h u r 
V elltn an Realty, 333-315o__________ 

W E C A N S E L L Y O U R 
R A N C H - F A R M O R H O M E 
IN T H E H IL L C O U N T R Y 
H O U S T O N R A N C H R E A L T Y 
Boerne, T x 78oo6 
249 2116 or 249 3314 

IO A C R E T R A C T S , 16oo to 21,ooo out 281N. Coll Irm a. 

 i 33 H ill C o u n trv A c r e s H e n ly Tx. 
$2,5oo an a cre C all 654-6522 
I A C R E H I L L T O P 
U t il it ie s . 
O w n e r a n xio u s. 
$6,8oo. 
C all 
Annette 
I 3o9 a c r e , R e d u c e d *6ooo. .Flat, m a n y trees. 

B e lla ir, 3 b d rm , equity, a ssu m e , 
*98. mo. 337-4557, 648-3582.________ 
R E A L E S T A T E IN C 
6o a cre *: Bluff C re e k ran c h . *395 per acre, g re a t h unting, w e will finance, 2o ye a rs, at 7 % % sim p le interest, with o 5 % dow n p a y m e n t with a c c e p tiv e p e rso n 
C all 
734-9363______________________ _______ 

285 a c r e s of ro llin g o a k c o v e re d hills. H u n te rs cobin, b a rn s, pens, s p r in g fed ta n k 
F e n c e d into 4 p o stu re s F o rk lik e setting 3o m in. n orth O w n e r will setl all or o art 
O w ne r financed 
J E R R Y W A G N O N & A S S O C 
828 33o1 
344 7719 N ile s 

72 A C R E S w ith r u n n in g w a te r 
G o o d h u n t in g 
SISC O p e r a c r e 
Sm o ll tra c ts *495 up. 
3 bedroom , I both, v e ry nice ond clean. 
344-6268 
684-5768 
923-5844 

5 A cre s, 4oo’ on p e rm a n e n t creek, h uge trees, 2m i C a n y o n take. Jim 
A sh le y R e alty 226-7774 

 t J4 A C R E S , 12 mi. from L o o p 41o out 281N. $6,8oo 
48 6 A c r e s , 4o c o a s t a l, n e a r 
Sto c k d a le , h a y b a rn , p e n s, w ell a nd 
2 tanks. 
SOSO p er acre. 
1-996-387o 
_ 

U T O P IA . E X A S 
23o A C R E S p lu s 13o A C R E S fenced. P ric e d right. 
N e a r C a la v e r a s L a k e . B e a u tifu l o a k s , g a r d e n s o il. O w n e r f in ­ a n c e d 
E o s y te rm s. Bill H a rp e r 
494 7412, 344-2514. 
23 A c re Tract, 63 o cre tract on T h 
37, 3 m i. s o u t h of c liv lim it s . 
A rth u r V e ltm o n Realty. 333-315o 

In the country. N orth of S.A. from 
I to 3o acres. O w n e r financed. C all 
Jim H anley, b rok e r. Sa n Antonio, diol direct 497-3621 A nytim e. 

15o a c r e s , G o n z a l e s C o u n t y . 
F ro n tin g on H w y 87, sa n d y loam , s c a t t e r e d liv e o a k , m e s q u it e trees, deer, *6oo p er aero. O w n e r fin anced at 7% . 924-81)6, 337-4927, 
1-587-3126 
H Y A T T R E A L E S T A T E 
International Designer Pattern 
2o6 63 A C R E S with old ro ck home. oil im p ro vem e nts. O w n e r c a rrv . 

5 o cre w aterfro nt. B o e rn e area. 
Bea utifu l hill c o u n trv . B ig trees, c v s t a l c le a r s p r in g w a le r, $65o d ow n p a y m e n t, *1o1.39 p e r m o. 
O w n e r financed. 
C all for appt 
734-9363 
_ 
A L L T H E C O N V E N I E N C E of city life a n d the p r iv a c y of c o u n t r v living. C hoose fro m se v e ra l 3 or 4 b ed roo m h o m e s h igh in the hills, n orth of S a n A n to n io . *45,ooo to 
*8o,ooo. C all 656-1234 

It.5 A C R E S off P o tra n c o R d 
IO mi. from L o o p 41o a n d C u le b ra . 
C all Susan. 
Van Buran I Assoc 
*84-7171 
654-64o8 
699-oo66 

FM 15o, b ig oaks, o w n er c a r r v 
828-o665 
736-1766 
734-4117 
W A T S O N A S O N R E A L T O R S 
2o A C R E S , H I G H W A Y F R O N 
T A G E , house, pens, well, coastal, n e a r N ix o n *24,ooo C a ll: M .C . 
Ritchie. 1-582 115o__________________ 
4.23 Acre Estate 
4 h o u se s. C h o ic e f r o n t a g e IH 3 5 
N orth Ottered betow a p p ra isa l ot 
*195,ooo with te rm s 828-o443. 

C O U N T R Y L IV IN G ! 
B ig 3-2-den, h uge fireplace, only 3 y e a r s o ld . O n 5 t r e e s t u d d e d a c re s. B la ck to p ro a d on 3 sid es. 
Fence, cross-fenced. 
349-65o3, 
494-2o4o 

C o u n t r y 2-1 w ith la r g e f a m ily room , centro! heat. O n ly *17,ooo. 
Van Buren & Assoc 
684 7171________699 oo66 
344 1o89 

N E A R S C H O O L , 3 b ed room . *175 down, 
*15o mo, first p o y m e n t 
June. 
J & J R E A L T Y 674 8883 A n y tim e 

N O C IT Y T A X E S 
3 b ed roo m , d oltho uset Y a r d for c h ild r e n . 
$5 oo d o w n , 
* 1 5 o mo.675-1691, 674-1777. 
P O IN T E R R E A L E S T A T E 

2! o c re s Hill c o u n try G re a t hunt ing, tree s, o e a u tifu l v ie w s, *52o d o w n p a y m e n t. *81 o7 p e r m o. 
O w ne r financed. C all 734-7964 

 to A c re la rge rock hom e, *9o,ooo 
M o re land available. On H ig h w a y. 
W ilson Co. J e sse Gee, 532-6758. 
423 A c r e s M e d in a C o ra n c h by ow ner. 35 m ile s W. ot S.A G oo d fe nces, w ater, h o u se 
*55o a c r e for im m ed iate sale. F e n c e d into 4 s e p a r a te 1o5 a c r e t r a c ts , g o o d term s. 534-o917, 534 5443___________ 

C O U N T R V L IV I N G 
B y O w n e r 2-2-2, la r g e m o b ile h om e on Vs acre, fenced, patios, g a r a g e , w o r k s h o p . IH -1 o N W , v e r y n e a t o n d c le a n . *2 3 ,9 o o . 
698-26o4 eves._______________________ 
D E V IN E , T E X A S . All b ric k 3 2-2 on lo rge corner lot S to ra g e shed la rg e patio, caro eted , w a te r sot- tener. 1-463-5787___________________ 
E S C A P E T O T H E C O U N T R Y 
5 o r 33 A c r e s w ith th is c u sto m - built tri-level hom e. 5 b ed roo m s, 
3 ' ? b ath s, 2 fire p la c e s, w et-bar. c o v e re d patio a n d b a lc o n y , c o r ­ ral, barn, stock tank, extra s, e x­ tras. 658-6211 

A p p r o x i m a t e l y 
7 a c ! n e a r 
Stockdale, old 7 ro om house, other b uild ings, 2 C o rn e rs, on h igh w a y. 
*16,ooo. J e sse Gee, 532-6758.______ 
5 m ile s to B a n d e ra , L o o p 41o. N o city taxes. *2,395, *22 m onthly. N o m obiles, Bill E s s e x 341-5941_______ 

21o A C R E S . 5 im. east or W hitsett 
'« m ine rals, *435 per a c re G ood cattle ran c h o nd good h u n tin g O n g r a v e l ro a d . O w n e r f in a n c in g . 
C o n t a c t ; 
W m . 
J 
V a n K l e e f , 
G e o r g e W e st. P h o n e 1-449-1S S I o nd I 449-1425_______________________ 

W h v pay tor a D e e r L e a se • O w n y o u r ow n 33 a c r e s n e o r L e a k e y 
T e x a s . L o t s of G a m e - H e a v ily 
W ooded. O w n e r F in a n c e d • $3oo 
D o w n • E a s y T e r m s - P h o n e 
512-257 5369 A tte r 6:oo P .M . a nd all D a y W eekends. 

O a k tre e s, p o v e d stre e ts, e le c ­ tricity, telephone. V e r y c lo se in but no city taxes. *4,995. Bill E s ­ sex 341-5941_________ 
A n y o n e con b uy. V e ts d o n 't u se their e ligib ility. 3-4 b e d ro o m s, 2 baths, so m e with a ir o n d all ap pliances. 
P a y m e n ts le ss than rent. 
B O B D e P A O L O 
532-5251_______________ R E A L T O R 

N O T H I N G D O W N . C o z y 3 be- droom s. *165 mo. 
496-742o S L A T E R R L T Y 344-o936 
Oft B R O W N L E A F N e a r L a c k la n d a nd K elly. 3 -t'j-l. *1ooo. will h a n ­ dle 
633-28o1 or 
P le a sa n to n 
1 569-3382. 
O P E N H O U S E 2-5:3o 
6163 E L M V A L L E Y 
Sp otless 4-2-2 in V o lle y Hi. S e p a r ­ ate h ob b y p lu s a p lay room . L a r g e livin g room and fa m ily room . 167o sa. ft. h om e a p p ra ise d at *26,58o 
M e d in a B a se R d - P a lm V o lle v - 
Pollow sig n s to 4163 E lm v a lle y. 
699-1133 
R E A L T O R S 
699-1133 

P a v e d stre e ts, e le c tric ity , te le ­ p h o n e , c lo s e to U T S A , M e d 
Center N o city ta x e s *3995. *38 m onthly. N o m obiles. Bill E s s e x 
341-5941_____________________________ 

B E A U T I F U L 7 4 '? A c r e R a n c h , 
F r e d e r i c k s b u r g , T e x a s , d e e r, t u r k e y , s p r i n g s , t r a i le r , e tc . 
*83.9oo. W r ite : C o b b 5611 O a k 
Blvd. Austin, T e x a s,78735_________ 

M o s t b e a u t ifu l in b ill c o u n t r y ! 
M a n y oaks. 
344-6268 
341-6566 
684 5768 

R EA L ESTATE INC 
C u sto m built 2ooo sa. It. all stone h om e in the p re stig io u s C h a p a r r a l 
C o u n try C lu b a re a in S e g u in . 3 b e d ro o m , 2 '? b ath , d o u b le g a r ­ age, com plete built-in kitch en a p ­ plian ce s. *49,5oo. A s k for B en or 
Jesse. 

S E , on Su lp h u r S p r in g s Rd. Id ea l retirem ent h om esite for h o u se s or m o b ile s. L o t s of tre e s, g a r d e n soil. O w n e r fin a n c e d , w ith low dow n paym ent. 
J IM 
L E E R , 
684 3o44._____________________________ 

2o A c re s a* *695 a cre . off 281n 7 
P re tty o ak s, e x c e lle n t h u n tin g 
Jim A sh le y R e a l E sta te 684-4276 

IO A c re s, e a st of B la n c o , sm a ll house, good top soil. J im A sh le y 
R e al Estate 684-4276.______________ ll a cres, 3-1-1, E C e n tral a re a 
648-333oLG R I P P S R L T Y .648-o448 
2 A C R E S - G oo d hom esite- E o s ! of 
B o e r n e oft H w y 
46. K e n d a ll 
C ou n ty- B o e rn e S c h o o l D istric t. 
$25oo per acre. 

6 A C R E S - L a r g e tree s on e levated hom e site o v e r lo o k in g go o d field below. L ie s in a beautiful valley. 
N o rth of B o e rn e out S is t e r d a le 
Road. *225o p er acre. 

1 9 '? A C R E S L a r g e t r e e s w ith m a n y e le v a te d h o m e site s o v e r ­ looking valle y with cre ek a c r o ss the c e n te r. C o m p le t e ly fe n c e d . 
N orth oi Boerne. In B o e rn e Scho o l 
District. *2ooo p e r a c re 

I 24 A C R E S - fro n tin g on F M 1376 
N o rth ot S is t e r d a le in K e n d a ll 
Cou n ty G ood v ie w s of su r r o u n d ­ ing Hill C ountry. H o s a v e ry good fie ld a lo n g w ith g o o d w o o d e d a cres. *125o per acre. 

O v e r 4 o c re s in the H ill Country 
Y o u c a n se e to r m ile s. A little 
C O L O R A D O . C a ll R a y W o o d , 
497-375) o r 822 9355. 
3 B E D R O O M tZ O C K H O M E 
5 a c re s. F ire p la c e . L o c a te d n e a r 
B o e r n e . 
B O E R N E 
R A N C H 
R E A L T Y 224-7171. 
______________ 

5 A C R E S n e a r S e g u in 
*6 9 9 5 
S m o ll dow n, long term fin a n c in g 
B y O w ner. L E * 8876________________ 

28 A C R E S , old h o u se , 2 w e lls, 3 mi. east of Poteet, on Co. rd O r o d io in in g 4o o cre s. I well, p u m p 
*85o ac. O w n e r w ill f in a n c e 15 yrs, 1 5 % dn, low interest,. 
S c h m o R e a l E stole, 694 o964 
2o A C R E S 
O W N E R F I N A N C E D 
S W of S e g u in . W a t e r , lig h t s , 
P ho n e, c o u n try rd , tre e s, tan k 
C all V I R G I N I A S M IT H 736-3694, 
344 2341 
B O B J O N E S R E A L T O R S 
>o A C R E S -W e s t of 1*o4 E xce lle n t soil. IS yr. o w n e r fin a n c e 
C a ll 
349 2611, eve. 341-1855 

B A N D E R A 
5 6 A c r e s with '* o a k s tree s ond p a v e d ro od frontage. *8,526 total w ith noth in g down. 
P I P E C R E E K R E A L T Y 695-3242 

B A N D E R A C O U N T Y 
56o A c re g a m e ran ch. P e rm a n e n t creek, h u n te rs cabin, u nd e r *4oo p er a cre 
R a n c h 
M a r k e t 
(5)2)824-o154 

E n j o y the g o o d life in a f u lly d e v e lo p e d la k e f r o n t h o m e 
L o c a t e d of L a k e M c Q u e e n e y • 
T h is 3 b e d ro o m hom e n os o lot of e x tr a s. P r o p e r t y a ls o in c lu d e s dock ond boat house. P ric e d at 
762.COO. 
684-433o 344-62o7 Anytime 
Century 21 
I 
S E G U IN R E A L r Y IN C 
S U T H E R L A N D 
S P R I N G S 
3 targe b ed roo m s, 1 both, la rg e kit­ c h e n . liv in g ro o m o n d c lo se ts. 
E x tr a la rge g a ra g e ; w ith 2 o c re s land. C ity w a ter, on p a v e m e n t 
*23,5oo. 512-947 3443 
___________ 

R E A L T O R S 
M L S 
656-1351 

F O R S A L E B Y O W N E R 
2 a c r e s o u t 281 N o r t h , w a te r, electricity, p a v e d ro ad s, call 
349-7288_____________________________ 

M O D E R N B R I C K 3-2 on la r g e tree stu d d e d c ity lots oil u n d e r chain link fence. *38,5oo. 
O W N E R S A Y S S E L L th is 4-2-1 clo se to K e lly - L a c k la n d a n d oil s c h o o ls . D r a p e s a n d m o s t a p ­ p lia n c e s . C o v e r e d p a t io . L e w e q u ity a n d m o v e in n o w ! C a ll 
828-8195. R E A L T O R S 

2 B E D R O O M , 2 B A T H . 1 4 x 6 5 
B o n a n z a M o b ile h o m e on 2 o ak cove red lots. *2o,5oo. 

T a ke up p a y m e n ts on % o cre N W fo r h o m e b u ild in g . W a te r , c ity utilities M r Fester. 679-7229 
Here i*» a superbly tailore d bush jacket for your favorite man! The four pocket* have center pleats with button­ ed flap s. The sle e v e s can be long or short and a cen­ ter b a lk pleat guarantees e ase of arm movement. A w ide belt c irc le s the w aist. Note the sporty sid e seam ven ts. F a b ric s: linen, cotton broadcloth, denim, poplin, 
Oxford cloth, syn thetic, ligh tw eight wool. X -1 9 o is cut in M e n 's S iz e s 3f>-44. Size 4o requires 3 1/2 y d s. o f 
45” fabric for the lo n g sle e ve version and 3 3 /8 yds. for the short, T o order: send pattern number, s u e , name, a d d ress and zip. Price *2.5o plus 3o* p o stage . 
B i C en ten nial Is s u e o f Spaden H air F a sh io n s by World 
F am ou s fla ir S t y lis t s — over 75 current d e sig n s with information on hair cure and at-home sty lin g , *1,25 p ostpaid. M ake check p ayable to Spadea. Send orders lo this new spaper, cA> Spndeu, 2 Bridge St., M ilford, 
N . J . o8H48. Dept. 

R E A L T O R S B o n d e ro R d Ole 

T E X V E T h a s p a c k a g e 
W a n t s 
H ill C o u n try a c r e a g e w ith o a k s 
W e e k d a y s att 5pm , w e e k e n d s an- ytim e 458-8849___________________ 

5 A c r e s n e a r S o m e rse t. L o ts a* trees, good w oter. R E A E le c tric i­ ty. Id ea l tor c o u n try living. O w n e r finance. C ecil O r r ic k 
D o n Sm ith B ro k e r 
73S-8ooo 
G U A D A L U P E R I V E R 
O ld e r 4 bed room , 2' ? bath with 
2So ri on G u a d a lu p e R iv e r in 
N e w 
B r a u n f e l s . 
*4 6 ,o o o . 
651-6844 o r 425-8o61 

R A N C H S T Y L E R O C K , 4-2-2 on a p p r o x . l l a c r e s , g o o d g r a s s c o v e ra g e , b e a u titu l tre e s, b a r n and g a rd e n area. *41,5oo. 

 l l A C R E S , south of B oe rn e with c r e e k f r o n t a g e a n d b e a u t if u l b u ild in g sites. 

S H E R W O O D 
S H O R E S L B J 
L A K E 
2 lots, all utilities u n d e rg ro u n d 
Slab m obile hom e n a rk 
L a k e a nd club facilities 
227-o227 
W a tso n A Son 
428 1262 

2 to 4 o c r e s n o r t h . M o b i le s , h o r s e s , o k. SSO d o w n , *3 5 .8 5 m o nth ly IO ye ars. M a g e e 342-2516 

R E T I R I N G ? B u y dup lex a nd help p a y m e n ts bv re n tin g oth er side- 
*13,59o, O w ner. N e o r bus, stores. 
732-3o82, 344 22o3. 
V A L L E Y H I- 3-1 cp, a s s u m e 6 % or refinance. 474-2217, 658-4533. 

V A L L E Y - H I , p r ic e re d u c e d on this fine 3 bedroom , 2 both hom e. 
C entral air, a p p lia n c e s a nd m ore. 
N ow p riced at *22,365. P a y m e n ts of *18o can be a ssu m e d with rea- so n ab l down. 674-5411 

T W O L A R G E L O T S , w ith m a n y t r e e s a t C y p r e s s C o v e . *3 .7 5 o tokes both. Sm a ll dow n paym ent, e a sy term s. C all 341-4666. nites 
344 7o36. 

Bon Bouehede 
& C O IN C . R E A L T O R S M L S 

W A N T C O A S T A L P R O P E R T Y 
«gi Ac r e v ^ c re e k ” beauti*tui oak 
A r a n s a s P a s s o r P o r t A r a n s a s cover, h w y frontage. 3 m ile s from 
D O U G L A S A N D E R S O N 
B la n c o B u y a n d su b d iv id e W E IR 
8o3 G o r d in a ______________ 732-1342 R E A L T Y , 1-833-4518 

3-313-1, F a m ily ro o m , a ir- heat, new carp et all room s, new fence. 
V o lle y Hi, *25,ooo. O pen term s, 
673-274o 
— 
F o r S a le B v O w n e r 
L a c k la n d 
Te rra ce , 3 bedroom , 2 both, 2 c a r ga ra ge . D en with fire p lace . D o u ­ b le o v e n - e le c t r ic r a n g e , d is h ­ w a s h e r , d is p o s a l , c a r p e t in g , drape, patio cover, 2 c a r carp ort. 
N o rth sid e schools. 
*29,5oo. 
679-7154. 
__________ 

 with a beautiful 4 b ed room . 3 oath hom e. 3ox2o den w ith fire p la ce , h u g e e le c tric k itc h e n w ith built- ins. 24x24 h o b b y or g a m e ro o m p lu s 2 b e d r o o m g u e s t h o u s e 
*159,ooo G ood fin ancin g. 344-8348 
Grace Arnold 
R E A L T O R S M L S 

B Y O W N E R , 19 A cre s, com pletely te n te d , d e e p w e ll, 3 b e d ro o m 
M o b ile hom e with 16x24 F lo rid a 
Room , S to ra g e bldg., barn, h a y shed on County Rd. 1-535-416). 
* w aterfront a cre s, on sp rin g ted c r e e k in o u r r a n c h , b ig tre e s, b e a u t if u l w a t e r , 
* 6 2 5 d o w n p a y m e n t , *9 7 .4 9 p e r m o. C a ll 
734-9598 
________ 
B y owner. 24-83 Acres. So. B exar. 
R eason able, alec well. 922-7627 

^ 

^ 

EXECUTIVE 
I BEDROOM-STUDY 
WITH FIREPLACE 
EXCELLENT FACILITIES 
NORTH-CENTRAL LOCATION 
Phone 3 4 1 - 4 6 2 1 
115 NORTHWEST LOOP 41o 

• I b e d r o o m . 
• $ 1 7 o 
>• All bills p a id ‘ 
• N e a r USAA; UTSA 
M e d . C e n t e r 
• S a \ m a s - P o o l 
6 9 o - o o o 1 
1 o 7 o 7 1H I O W E S T 

• Take W u rz b a c h Exit 
V sta y on access '/? mi. 

San Antonio EX PR ESS-N EW S— Saturday April 2 19 77 

RENTALS 
I BEDROOM 
WITH 
BONUS ROOM 

* 2 o 5 . to * 2 2 5 . 

CHOICE RENTALS 

5o2 Burnwood In 2 1 
$15 
122 Northfolk 3 -1 '6 
$171 
4843 Castle Shield 3-1 
$18. 
5135 Village Coart 3 2 1 . 
$22i 
583o Castle Brook 3 -2 1 .. 
$24 

C a ll 8 2 8 -5 7 o 4 

U P P E R S A B IN A L C A N Y O N 
145 a cre s-cre e k dense w o o d s 
J R L E IG H T O N R E A L T O R S 
V on d erp ool, 78885 
512-966-34oo 

8.ooo Sq. Ft 
2nd floor. 
Se cu re , sp rin k le rs;) 
223-52*1 
LARGE 
I B E D R O O M 
W ITH 

B O N U S 
R O O M 

$ 2 1 o t o 

$ 2 3 o 

I acarin es in these spacious garden apartm ents in u it last long because dem and is high for: 

V a rio u s s u e sp o r e s O ld Tow n Sa se ttin g Boerne, 1-336 2173________ 
W hat type R a n c h do you w o n t? 
R A N C H M A R K E T 226 St84 
R f 3 B o x 221, Son Antonio, 78218 
W A R E H O U S E 
42oo sa It on one acre. O ffices, 6ft c y c lo n e fence, n e a r 16o4 a n d IH IO. $595 p e r m o n th 
F o r In q u ir e , 344-o246, night, 6*9-o367._________________ 
CA R A VELIE 
APARTMENTS 
4848 
GOLDFI 
Furnished ar I ^furnished 
1-2-3 BEDROOM 
Single and Family sections, All bills pd. Liais­ ed Swimming pools, party room, 5 Min. 
W indsor 
Park 
Mall. 
15 
Min. heart of downtown San Antonio. 

6 6 1 - 6 6 6 o 
O f f I U 3 3 . O n H ittittia ii 

W itt se ll all o r p a rt. S SS a c r e s sa n d y lo a m a n d b la c k la n d 
16o a c r e s irrigated. A p p ro x. 6oo a c re s in C oa sta l B e rm u d a . A p p ro x 2oo a c re s peanut allotm ent S hou se s. 
6 SOO salt m ode rn d a iry b a r n 
16 inch irriga tio n well 66oo ft. riv e r fro n ta g e T a n k s w ith fish. M a n y o th e r im p r o v e m e n t s in c lu d in g 
4,ooo soft, con ch h o u se 35 m ile s fro m SA , m ile from town. T e rm s, o w n er c a rry. 349-6So3, 494-2o4o 

Apartment- 

Ten floor pions to choose from for exquisite adult living All bills paid. Recreation room, large balconies, outdoor 8ar 8- 
Que grills, icemokers, fire­ places and beamed ceilings. 

BOB RODGERS, REALTORS 
81o7 Broadway 

8.ooo sa. ft. new m a s o n r y build ing for sole, n e a r e x p re ss w a y , e asy term s for stro ng b u ye r. 
9.ooo sq. ft., M a s o n r y b uild ing tor lease, m onth to m o nth or long term. 
4,5oo sa. ft. for le ase 
P E A C O C K , R E A L T O R S , 824-o511 

■wiNOSO* 
► i» MAIL 

SINHA urn 
C o u p le s D e lig h t ' I b d rm , o p p ls, fenced for kid s-p ets $1oo 
United. 735-9121. tee (4o3-3) 
C ocy, carp eted , p r iv a c y fenced, fireplace. N a c o P e r r in area. $25o. per mo. A v a il 1st April. 
D E V A U L T & A ss o c 349 2677 

C ozy repainted I b d rm with fire- 
Dlace, kid s-p ets w elcom e, $125 
United, 735 9121, fee (449 3} 
3-2 -2 C P , b ig y a r d 
N e a r N o r t h 
Star M oll. Coll 826-o217 oft 5pm 

218 C R E S H A M - 3 - 1 . w ith fe n c e d ya rd , ce n tra l h eat o nd unit a ir. 
W alk to N E sch oo ls SITS. 
826-o6o6 
R E A L T O R S 
826-3365 
K E Y G R O U P 
S U E W E E M S & A S S O C 
D e llc re st 
3-1-1, b u ilt - in s , I a c re lot. fenced, kid s-p ets 
United. 735-9121, fee (391-2) 

D e llv ie w . 3 b d rm , b ig den, c a r- pets, d rap es, air, fenced $2oo 
United, 735-9121, fee (395- 
D o n t m iss this N W 4 b d rm , h a s appis, carpet, a ir, fenced. $2oo 
United, 73S-912), fee (419 I) 
Duplex, near H o llyw oo d p ark . 2-2 redecorated, lease 494-5896_______ 

V » A » * 
V IU AOI 

523 W. H i L D E B N D , ideal tor an- tia u e sh o p o r o t h e r b u s in e s s needing la rge sto ra g e sp a ce $375 mo 735-o961, N ite s 696-7777 
High Ridged 

Hillside Apartments 
5211 Fredericksburg 

341-8221 

9oo A C R E S P a s t u r e la n d E x c e l­ lent fa cility tor cattle ope ration . 
G o o d fencing, w o rk in g p e n s with c o v e r, c ro ss-fe n c in g a n d w ater, b la c k to p a c c e ss. L o c a t e d I m i. n o r t h L o o p 41o on B la n c o R d . 
$43oo p e r y e a r in a d v a n c e 
F L 
S h o w n b v a p p t. o n ly . O f f ic e 
826-6628, hom e 342-77o9 

1o362 SAHARA DR. 
349-2617 
GREENBRIER APARTMENTS 
(Just o ff B r o a d w a y a n d Lo o p 4 1 o , C lo se to 
C ro w n T o w e r B ld g.) 
• LARGE I BEDROOM LUXURY APTS. 
• REASONABLE MOVING ALLOWANCE 
• Home like atmosphere • Party house 
• Pool • Adults only • Bills pd. 
• Also 2 bedroom apts. 
8 535 GREENBRIER 
8 2 8 -4 2 o o 

C H O IC E C o m m e r c ia l p ro p e rty , 
C o rn e r S a n P e d r o a n d F r e s n o 
736-12o4, 69o-8514 after 6 pm 

IN D U S T R IA L L O T S 
, A cre and up, Zo n e d 1-1; fu lly d e ve lo p e d . 
V I P. P o rk . E a s y term s. 433-1489. 
It o s o u r & k f i in & A 
BABCOCK VILLA APTS. 
3o19 Fredericksburg Road 
EFFICIENCIES, 
I, 
2, 
3 
B E D R O O M 
APTS. Convenient living at moderate prices ranging from $155. to $3 65 . 
Fully equipped. 2 Pools, Tennis Courts. 
FURN. OR UNFURN. RATES. 

8 ' jA c 4 room house, H a r d y Rd. 
$1oo. mo. 628-1239, 628-12o1. 

F M 1863. Rental for 4 m o n th s IO 
A c r e s o nd H o m e with o v e r 2.ooo sq.ft., h o rse stalls. 341-2222 A n y ­ tim e 
C E N T U R Y 
21 
R a y 
Teal, 
R e a lto rs.________________ __________ 

IfflTOtS 
ADULT LIVING 

FRONT DOOR BUS SERVICE 

1-BEDROOM, $17o. 
2-BEDROOM, $2o5. 

POOL, UTILITIES PO. CLOSE TO 
SHOPPING CENTER AND POST 
OFFICE 

P R E S T IG IO U S O F F I C E S P A C E 
In gro w in g N .W sector. R e a so n a ­ ble rotes. G re a te r S A. B o ile rs 
A ssoc 
8925 N.W. IH-1o. 696-38oo._________ 
CHOICE RENTALS 

6o1o MISTY VALLEY - 3 11, 
SI 65 mo. 2 .ait conditioners, stove, 

 refrigerator, fenced. 

5867 BRANCH VALLEY - 4 2 PP. 
$215 mo. Central air heat, stove and refrigerator, dishwashei, fen­ 

 ced yard, den. 

673-5o83 342-4115 
653-o57o 654-1844 
WORLD WIDE REALTY 

In te rio r D e s ig n e r , we h a v e the perfect solution tor a tax b reak, have yo u r office in o u r exclusive furniture shop, 7134 B lo n c o Rd. 
Apart moiler jrtSeler’tor 
W e’D find yours, free. 

O M N ? D A YS A W B K 
O ff ic e s THROifOHOUT TEXAS 

3121 N.W. LOOP 41o 
349-1737 

DIRECT CORRESPONDENCE TO 
4123 N. C B U R A L EXPWY. 
DALLAS, TEX. 752o4 

9 A C R E S A P P R O X N O R T H S IO E 
Ideal apt or n u rsin g h o m e site, zoned opt -resid. G oo d te rm s 
341-4 4 S S R E A U T O R SN ite s 684-29o9 
B A R N E B E Y A G E N C Y 

E c o n o m y 3 b e d rm , se a d in in g fenced, $14o N o lease. 
United, 735 9121, tee (416-3) 

N E , ga rd e n office space, utilities pd, ideo! e n v iro n m e n t for creative p e o p le to w o r k 
G a le C la r k , 
826-3251 
H e n ry 
S. 
M ille r 
Co. 
Realtors. 
E d g e w o o d 
P a n e l e d 3 b d r m , built-in stove, fe nced ya rd , $14o 
United, 735-9121. tee (416-3) 
E l D o ra d o 3-2-2, den, fire p la ce , c ove red patio, auto door opener, fe nced , c e n tra l a ir-h e a t, w a te r softener, c a rp e te d $375. A tte r 6, w eekends. 532-6893.________________ 

O F F IC E S P A C E F O R R E N T 
Suitable for a n y typ e b u sin e ss or w arehouse 12o4 W E S T A V E . $15o mo. 736-1681 or 344-3471. B re n ne r 
Co 
______ 

I D E A L F O R C O N T R A C T O R S 
H o m e site a n d e q u ip m e n t y a r d 
P ric e d to sell 684-72oo 
C E N T U R Y 21 Sc hn eid er R e a lty 
3 8 1 5 W EST AVE. 
3 4 4 -7 7 2 o 
5oo S O 
F T ., C e n t r a l h e a td a ir, b u rg la r a la rm s, p le n ty p a rk in g, 
17o6 N P a n A m e r ic a n E x p r e s s 
WOY. 826-6o91._____________________ 

A N E X C E L L E N T L O C A T IO N 
2327, 2331 V a n c e J a c k s o n R d 
A v a ila b le soon. Sp a c e s for b eauty sh o p a nd florist. 1,ooo sa .ft. each, 
$275 m o 735 o961, 696-7777. 

E x e c u t iv e , n e w ly re m o d e le d 3 bed room , 2 both, den, fire p la ce , lo rge g a m e ro o m with pool table, w et b a r, a p p lia n c e s . A v a ila b le 
July Isl, one lo three y e a r lease. 
5475 per m onth. 826 2894.__________ 
E x e c u t iv e y e a r old , 548,ooo OO h om e In L a r k s p u r . -P lu sh c a rp e t­ ing, 3-2-2. A v a ila b le 1st April. N ow s h o w in g b y a p p o in tm e n t. $425. per mo. p lus deposit. D o rse y Co. 
733-9184. 
____________ 

O F F B R O A D W A Y 2 b e d roo m . A t­ ta c h e d g a ra g e . S e p e ra te h o b b y r o o m . 
M id d le o g e c o u p le preferred . 515o 826-2976 
O n e b ed roo m apt. couple, $75. mo. w a ter pd. 4215 S. P re s a , rea r. 
434 3 5 5 6 . 
_ 
P l u s h N E 2 b d r m , h u g e d e n , apDls, fenced for kids-pets. 
United, 735-9121, fee (399 3) 

P r iv a te 2 b d rm , m obile, c e n tro ! w eather, appl, $115. Call 
U n ted, 735-9121, tee (4o9 2) 

FURNISHED 

APARTMENTS 
A P P R O X 2 A C R E S 
3 m i out of 
C ity lim its on IH37 So $4oo dow n, n o r e s t r i c t i o n s , e a s y t e r m s 
924-6666; 623-1932 
______ 

 leas ingpail yv-6; 5 undo y I -J 
1 Bedroom $1 SO 
2 Bedroom $22o 
FURN.-UNFURN. 

Al! Utilities Paid Lorge play­ grounds, Basketball Goal, Shut fie board, Lighted tenuis court, 3 
'large swimming pools. 
Near 
Brooks A.F.B., State Hospital, 
Pecan Volley Golf Course 
Truly tho best rental v a lu e in tow n. 
2715 lasses 333-5339 

H A V E C A S H B U Y E R S o ld e r h o m e s , a p t s n e e d in g re p a irs Joh n B. E c c e ll. B ro k e r 
6o8 G unter B ld g 226-7o31 824-8o23 
F R O ffi 
1oo9 ion W Sum m it. $13o. I and 2 b ed roo m s. 114 Q ueen A n n e Court. 
I b ed room , so m e fu rn itu re if d e ­ sired. A p pL826-o336_______________ 

W IL L T R A D E W a te rfro n t lot or com m ercial a c re a g e at L B J lake os part of p u rc h a se price for du­ plex, trip lex or 4 -p le x -o r any in­ com e p r o d u c in g p r o p e r ly O R 3 b e d ro o m h o m e in N E. S c h o o l district. 8 3o to 5pm 824-9531. 

M O T E L , 1954 E 
H o u s t o n St 
O w n e r w illing to finance. 
684-4211 or 751-9943 
P IO N E E R R E A L T Y 
• Weekly 
E x t r a C lean, 3-2-2. p o lio c o v e r, c arp etin g, fire p la ce , A vail. F ir s t of June. $35o mo. 653-8341.________ 
N ear 
Kelly-Lackland 
AFB 

Monthly 
Studio, I -2 b e d ro o m s 

N O LEA SE 

TENNIS COURT 

ADULT L IV IN G — N O PETS 

WARREN HOUSE 
3227 N . W . L o o p 4 1 o 

•‘tit in te ra ctio n of Dew hurst and access, road 4 1 o ” 

3 4 2 - 4 o 2 9 

R e m o d e le d 3 b d r m , a ir - h e a t oppls, carpet, fenced. $16o 
United, 735-9121, fee (4o8-1) 

F a m ily sized 2 b d rm for only $78, kids-pets w elcom e, fenced. 
United, 735-9121. lee (426-2) 
256-REALESTATE LOANS 
A L A M O H G T S . L o v e ly , p r iv a te duplex, totally turn. 252 W ild ro se 
W E H A N D L E 
R E N T A L S 
F o r lease, option to buy. C am e lo t ll, 3-2-2. Den, c e n tro ! a ir- heat, appl, fenced, $275 m o 661-6483 

C hoice N E R e n to ls 
2.1 a cres, I block off H w y 9o West, n e a r Lacklan d . $42,5oo. C a ll W S 
Kie fte r 341-9191 

M A K E R E. L O A N S 8°o F ir s t liens. M a x 8 y rs. B u y notes less than 8°o with discount. 
A V. R o d rigu e z B ro k e r 222-o98o 

338 A rm y , attractive I bedroom , la rg e liv in g ro om , se p a ra te din ing. la rg e w a lk -in c lo se ts. C o m p le te p r iv a c y . I c a r g a r a g e 
822-9766, 344-69o8.__________________ 

* Limited number of effi­ ciencies and 
I -bedroom apts. 
Furnished or Unfur­ nished. Now available. 
TURTLE CREEK 

EFFICIENCIES- 
CABANAS 

Starting at $16o. 

Alt electric kitchen 
Outside storage 

8631 FAIRHAVEN 

696-451o 

F O R R E N T , L o v e ly 3-2 2, central air-heat, lots of lu x u rio u s carpet, all a pp liances, fenced, im m ed ia te o c c u p a n c y A L S O 4-2-2 lu x u r io u s all m o d e rn w ith lo a d s of e xtra s. 
Call today. W H E E L U S R E A L T Y 
674-1445 ______________________ 

824-7361, 1324 A u stin H w y 
R e n t fo r r e p a ir s ! B ig 3 b d rm , 
N orth C entrol a re a. Coll 
United, 735-9121, fee (397-1) 

M A K E R E . L O A N S 8 % F ir s t liens. M a x 8 y rs. B u y notes less than 8°o with d isco u n t 
A V R o d rigu e z B ro k e r 222 o98o 

I b d rm cottage on I a c re h a s air, pets ok, $125, b ills od 
United, 735-9121, lee (416-2) 
^ u m q p w v a t A 
C-w' AW A H T M I M T S V - ' 
*>, 
58oo 
MEDINA BASE ROAD 
6 7 4 -7 o o 4 

FURN.a UNFURN, 

Family & Adult Sections 
2 Pools & Playground 

R e n ta ls startin g a t 
$185 
In clu d in g U tilities 

PAINTERS M ILL 
5 5oo BLANCO 
3 4 9 -2 2 2 2 

R e p a inted 3 b d rm , appl, a ir, heat, carpet, fenced, k id s ok $16o 
United, 735-9121, fee (4o8-1) 
2 adjacent 3.5 a c re tra c ts Zoned 
R-3. C o u ld be re z o n e d c o m m e r ­ cial. B u y one or both. H o m e s and o u t b u ild in g s n o w on p r o p e r t y 
'c o u ld be c o n v e rt e d to 5 a p a r t ­ m e n t s 436 ft. fro n t a g e o n B a b ­ c o c k Rd . just so u th of B a b c o c k 
N o rth and. T a nglew o od e n tran ce s. 
F o r details, coll 
342-4115 
A N Y T I M E 

3 bedroom , 2 bath, la rg e den, air, fenced. 525o. 434-4648 
_ 
F O R R E N T O R S E L L 
T h is one h a s it A L L , fire p la c e , w et-bar, 3 b d rm s, patio kitchen, fe n c e d y a r d . R e n t s $45o, 6 m o lease con sid ered . P ho n e 824-o171 

• Mixed Dunk Club facilities 

• Gym and h e e fie f use 

(lasses 

• Beouty Shop 

• Souna Whirlpool 

• tennis Courts 3 pools * 

• frost free ilSfrigerotois 

• IO Minutes to - 
Downtown 

C o u n t r y 3 b d r m m o b ile h o u se , carpet, cent heat-air, fenced. $125 
United, 735-9121, fee <4o6-2) 

R e p a in te d 3 b d rm , appl, a ir, heat, carpet, fenced, k id s ok $16o 
United, 735-9121. fee (4o8-1) 
M o v in g M u st Sell! L iv in g Room , 
D in in g R o o m , S te re o , W a sh e r- 
D ry e r Etc. 653-1656_______________ 
TP • 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• • 
* 

• L A P L A Z A * 

• 
3 4 1 - 4 6 2 1 
• 

I B l * 1 -2-3 Bedroom s 
o 

£ % • Single ond Family 
A 
Sections 

W 
» Fireplaces 

I B p * Tennis 

• 115 NW LOPP 41o # 
o 
Across From 
o 
o 
North Star Mall 

D e llv ie w . B ig I b d rm , a ir , c a r ­ port, h a s fireplace, $15o 
United, 735-9121, fee (4o8-2) 

R e p a in te d I b d r m d u p le x . $49o. 
N o deposit, no lease, k id s ok 
U nited, 735-9121, fee (391-1) 
D e lu xe traile r turn, 3 b ed roo m , 2 both, $275. mo. 681-o5o1.___________ 
R E A L T O R S 
IO ro o m c u sto m re sid e n c e , R a n dotph area. $5oo. 828-o443._________ 
318 Frielin g. 2 b ed roo m s, fenced ya rd , $145. Ben L a m b e rt C o 1o51 
A u stin Hw y. 826-8663______________ 
N O W LEASING 

NORTHSIDE OFFICES, 
W AREHOUSE, 
AND INDUSTRIAL SPACE 
PRIME LOCATIONS 
CALL STEVE MILLER 

E C O N O M Y for C ou p le Only. N ea r 
L a c k la n d , K e lly . C le a n , 2 b e ­ droom s, fu rn ish ed , air, carpeted. 
L a rg e fenced ya rd . 623-2646. 

2o3 F o re st V a lle y (L a c k la n d , K el 
Iv ) 3-1, air, fence, 5165. 826-7913. 
Se ctio n 8 o K . 3 b d rm , sto ve , c a r ­ port, fenced y a rd . K id s. $151 
U nited, 735-9121, fee (39o-2) 
F r io City Rd. I b e d ro o m , clean, p riva te 582, w ater pd. 435-9144 
G a r a g e apt. K id s - p ets ok. H a s appis. only 56o 
United, 735-9121, fee (393-2) 
S m a ll f a m ily ? T r y th is I b d rm , 
565, fenced 
U nited, 735 9121, fee (427 3) 

F u lly equipped, p a rtyro o m , h om e y e a rly cash take $58,8oo 
828-o665 
736-1766 
534-4439 
W A T S O N & SO N R E A L T O R S 

M obile efficiency fu rn ish e d B ills p a id . A i r c o n d it io n e d . N e a r 
B r o o k s A F B 
$12S. B o b J o n e s, 
Realtor, 533 7164___________________ 

4o32 I. Southcross 

337*5242 

F u lly carpeted effic, I b d rm , b ills pd. $85-515o 733-8798 673-475o 
H A R M O N Y H IL L S : C ho ice 3 be droom , 2 bath. A vail. A pr. 6. N o pets, 535o1 Lou F o rk s , 341-o11o. 
S m a ll h o u se . S A C a re a , sto v e , fe nced tor all. 545 
United, 735-9121, fee (398-3) 

H a rlc n d a le I b d rm , 512o, b ills pd, kid s-p ets ok. C all 
United, 735-9121, fee (429-1) 
N E A R 
L A C K L A N D 6o X 1 2 ', 
2 -b e d ro o m s. 517o m o n th . B ills pa>d. $5o d e p o sit. N o pets 25o2 
O b servation D r. lot 9-674-7518 
69o-o3oo 
H o lly w o o d 3-2-1, b ric k , c o rn e r, kid s-p ets w elcom e. $35o 
U nited, 735-9121, fee (4o1-1) 
Southeast. O n ly $5o ta k e s I b d rm h ou se K id s pets ok 
United, 735-9121. tee (43o-3) 

146 H illsd a le ( L o c k la n d , K e lly ) 
3-1, oir, fence, 516o. 826-79)3. 
F u lly equipped, p a rtyro o m , h om e y e a rly cash take $58,8oo 
828-o665 
736-1766 
534-4439 
W A T S O N & SO N R E A L T O R S 
C O M M E R C IA L P R O P E R T Y 
In v e sto rs; 54 a cre s, fro n ta g e on 
Lo o p 41o. O w ne r a nxiou s. 
S A N T E X CO., Realtors 
653-o46o bfl RISH 

H o n e y m o o n e rs d e ligh t! I b drm , oir, no deposit, no lease. $9o 
United, 735-9121, lee (4o4-1) 
Sw , 3 b e d ro o m , all a p p lia n c e s , fenced, SISO. A fter 5, 699-o153 m ove in. 3 and 4 b ed roo m s. W h y re n t? 
A n y b o d y can buy. 
Jun e p aym en t 
674-6126_________R & E R e al E state 

H u ge 4-2, stove carpet, a ir, heat, carp ort, fenced, kids-pets, 518o 
United, 735-9121, fee (415-2) 

D O D G E C H A L L E N G E R R T 197o 
Auto, power, air. O ne owner. Will help finance. Coll: W oody 433-1464 
G R E A T A M E R IC A r n M I 'A N I I h 
M onte V ista. B ills pd. I b drm , cp, air, just 5175 
United, 735-9121, tee (398-1) 
ADULTS ONLY 
[flit., I & 2 Bedroom 
Bills Paid 

Beautifully landscaped, luxurious clubroom, close to VA Hospital, Medical 
^ ommm 
Center ond Shopping. 
8oo BABCOCK RD. f J - T * 

EFFICIENCIES 
D e lu x e 2 b ed room , 2 bath, liv in g ro o m , d e n , c a r p e t s , s t o v e , r e ­ frig e ra to r, w a sh e r, d ry e r, p riv a te ya rd , no pets. $235. mo. De tails. 
653-4139.__________________________ 

N eed S p a c e ? 2 b d rm , carpet, air, heat, cp, storage, fenced. $135 
United, 735-9121, fee (454-1) 
I -2-3 Bedroom Flats to 
Bedroom Townhouses 
C o m m e r c i a l - I n d u s t r i a l a r e a , n e a rb y this 1.34 a cre s. 188' fro n ­ tage, m ain th o ro u g h fa re at ra ilro a d 
M A C R E A L E S T A T E 828-2521 

K E L L Y - L A C K L A N D R E N T A L S 
3 and 4 b ed roo m s, $)SO up, auick m o ve in, m ilita ry clause. O p e n 7 d a y s a week. 
C E N T U R Y 21 
K e lly-L a ck la n d R e alty 
674 1211 
K i d s - P e t s W e lc o m e . I b d r m , fenced, d ining, $95. Call 
United, 735-9121, fee (393-1) 

N ic e 2 bdrm , carpet, d ra p e s, air, heat, carp ort, fence, kid s, $135 
United, 735-9121, fee (454-1) 
3-2 T O W N H O M E with o v e r sized m a ste r bed room . F u lly c a rp e te d 
C o m p le t e k it c h e n . P a t io w ith p r iv a c y fence. $225. 656-1234 

E ffic ie n c y- $65, I b e d roo m - $75. 
318 M ad iso n. $7o-595.__________ 
NORTHEAST 
3815 Parkdale 
' 
696 -34 99 
N W A cre age. 2 b d rm on 2 a cres, h a s ga rage , shed, $125 C all 
United, 735-9121, fee (387-1) i"b le p p o c e p antm ents 
N W 2 b d r m m o b ile o n Vj a c r e 
J u st $125. Call 
United, 735-9121, fee (396-1) 

2.1 A c re s, A f ga te of L a c k la n d , suitab le for c a r w ash, tost food or se rv ic e operation. 
J a c k 
A lte r 
342-4151 
B ra n d new e le g a n t e fficie n c e s, pool, s h a g c a r p e t , b ig clo se ts, fa n t a s tic k it c h e n . R o b in s N e st 
Apl. 538 Hot w e lls B lv d . 533-o511 

T r y this 2-2, b u ilt-in s frig , w a sh d ry e r, den, $235 
United, 735 9121, tee (416-1) 
WAKEFIELD-S1ARDUST 
APARTMENTS 

Q uain t I b d rm cottage, air, heat, fenced, $1oo, b ills pd 
United, 735-9121, fee (426-3) 
COUNTRY LIVING 

CITY CONVENIENCE 

*125 
Mo. ui 

F O R S A L E O R T R A D E 
B v O w n e r , n e w 1o .o o o sq .ft. o ffic e -w a re h o u se . L a r e d o H w y a n d So uth cro ss. C oll M r. T a y lo r 
655-o833. 
______ 
______ 

L a r g e 2 B e d r o o m s , 2 b a t h s , c a t h e d r a l c e ilin g s . I w ith f ir e ­ p la c e !. W D c o n n e c tio n s. G o o d 
N W location. $25o a nd $275. 

2 Room F u r n apt. N o children. Oft 
San P ed ro 737-4577, 736-5238 
V A C A N T . 4 8 1 4 C a s t l e A r m s , 
C a m e lo t a re a , 3 - l 'z - C P , sto ve , r e f r ig $18o 
C O O K C O . R E A L 
T O R S 824-o213.____________________ 

A L A M O H G T S . L o v e ly , p riv a te duplex, totally furn. 252 W ildrose 
Q ua in t g a ra g e apt. fo r $55. W a te r g a s od. M o v e today! 
United, 735-9121, fee (39o-3) 
653-73oo 
Ideally located on busline. 
I, 2, and 3 bedrooms. $18o 
... to ... $35o. On Rector ocross from North Star Mull. 

R O O M M A T E n e e d e d to s h a r e apartm ent. 344-1516._______________ 
APTS. F U R N IS H E D 
3-1, W a lk in g d is. L e e H ig h , air, 
$225 mo. 828-8633 after 4__________ low Rent 
SIN G L E LEVEL 
FURNISHfD-UNFURNISHED 

6 5 6 -2 1 1 6 
7 1 o 6 G le n Terrace 
Close to Randolph AFB 

G O O D e xp o su re to h e a v y traffic. 
H o u s e on c o r n e r m a in a r t e r y . 
G o o d for b u sin e ss c o n v e rsio n . 
M A C R E A L E S T A T E 828-2521 
G O O D 
O P P O R T U N I T Y , 
H a rd w a re and lu m b er in M e d in a 
L a k e area. O w ne r will finance. 
684-4211 or 751-9943 
P I O N E E R R E A L T Y ________ 
L r g Dup lex, IH 35, B rd w y -F t Sam , clean, Tile, rew ired, ide al tor bu- sin e ss or living. $16,95o. 223-3568 

S H A R E H O U S E . P r iv a t e fu rn . room , kitchen use, fem ale 
828-4568 
________________________ 

S h a d y 2 b d r m , c a r p e t e d , b ig porch, fenced for kids-pets. 516o 
United, 735-9121, fee (419-2) 
W E S T A V E A R E A 
2 b e d ro o m s , h a s sto v e , re frig ., a ir, fenced, g o ra g e , carp et. $16o. 
494-3229____________________ 

3-2-2, la r g e k it c h e n , b e a u t if u l y a rd , c o n v e n ie n t to M e d . C n tr, 
U S A A , 
D atapoint. 
494-2163 
L R . E A 

Q u ie t H o m e 
Style Livin g 

Effic. to 3 bdrm. Townhouses with fireplaces. 12 floor plans. Adult 8 
Family Areas. 
6623 Callaghan Rd. 
^ 
696 -3 2 9 o 

Sm all efficiency, n e a r town, SAC, 
59o, plus dep. 73S-1638.____________ 
B A N D E R A a nd E V E R S R D 
H ID D E N M E A D O W 
5959 W U R Z B A C H 
684-3311 

N.E. BR AN D NEW 
BE THE I ST 
A ttra c tiv e u n u su a l 
2 bdrm , u n b e lie v a b le sto ra g e , b u ilt-in b o o k ca se s. P re tty y e llo w k it­ chen, d ish w a sh e r. 
B e a u tifu l g ro u n d s a n d poof. B IL LS P A ID . 

2 B e d ro o m s, $ 2 3 5 to $ 2 5 8 . 

! B e d ro o m , lik e n e w , $ 1 7 5 to $95. 

C om e to 
1 2 o o blk 
Austin 
H w y. turn N o n R a in b o w then 
E. on D e e n w o o d to 
DEERW OO D APTS. 
824-2491 

85o6 WAKEFIELD 
344-4558 
Sp ac io u s 2 a nd 3 b ed roo m s. Ideal for yo u ng m a rrie d s w ith a sm a ll child. T h e B o a rd w a lk offers 3 b e­ d ro o m s u n fu rn for 529o. 2 pools, club room a nd la u n d ry. C lo se to 
W o n de rland and C e n tral P a rk . 
3536 W est A v e n u e 349-42o3 
B a r r y G illin gw a te r Co. 

27o7 W IL S O N 
A ttra c tiv e I b ed roo m , I bath, re ­ fr ig e r a t o r , c a rp e t. W a te r p aid , 
$145. A d u lts only. 696-992o 
Hohenberger-Collins Co. 

L a r g e N o r t h s i d e s e le c t io n of hom e s to rent o r lease. S o m e with o p t io n to b u y . F r o m $325 p e r month. 
Im m e d ia te o cc u p a n c y. 
494-7711. 
D O N J O H N S O N CO. R E A L T O R S 

A A A A A A A A A W . . . Still re n tin g ? 
O w n yo u r ow n hom e. So m e only 
$1oo dow n! N o c re d it ? N o p r o b ­ lem ! 922-17o6, 673-4714, 674-75o9. 
P A T M C V E Y R E A L E S T A T E 
APTS. F U R N IS H E D 
C O N T E S S A A P T S . I O R 2 B E ­ 
D R O O M S , b ills pd, $2oo to $225. 
C lo se to N o r t h s t a r a n d C e n t ra l 
P a r k . 
N o c h i ld r e n o r p e t s . 
824-67o7; 824-47oo.__________________ 

1723 W. W o o d law n . 2 b e d ro o m s , 
$125. W ate r pd. Stove, re trig . SSO dep. aft 3.3o, 681-1767______________ 
O P P O R T U N IT Y K N O C K S ! L o c a l in v e sto r broker, m u st se ll p rim e p r o p e r t ie s , 3o a c r e s on U S 9o 
W est, 985 tt. on Hw y. $18 o,ooo, 7o a c r e s on C a stro v ille C ity lim its, all utilities, riv e r fro n t $21o,ooo. 
N a m e y o u r te rm s! Jo h n Phiipott, 
342-48o8 

L e a se 3-1-cp. sto ve, re frig. 
L .A .E .B . 516o. 494-6268. 
R IT T IM A N R D . A T IH3S 
T H E F A IR D A L E 
66oo F A IR D A L E 
656-1oo1 

I x l U C H O IC E R E N T A L S 
L E A S E 
122 
S a v a n n a h . 
3-1 
824-4S21 
3 
T U R N E R R E A L T Y 

W H Y R E N T w hen you can m o ve in fo r only $2oo o r $3oo total m o ve in ? 3 and 4 b ed roo m s, p a y m e n ts sta rt from 
$13o to 
$45o. 
Jun e paym ent. 
674-6126_________R & E R e a l E state 
A B IG 4 bedroom , 2 bath, tenced, c entral heat-air. $275 m o. C all 
I N T E R S T A T E 828-o755 til 8 pm 

A C hoice of 3-4 b e d ro o m h o m e s to rent. L e a s e w ith o p tio n to b u y 
O w n yo u r h om e N O W ! $19o to $5oo mo. 
G A S E B A K E R R E A L T Y CO. 
69o-899o E v e s 696-88o5, 342-7712 

Y e a r old, b e a u tifu l h o m e , 3-2-2. 
F o re st Glen. 5325.oo p er m o. p lu s 
D ep osit. D o rse y Co. 733-9184. 
YOU 
35o3 N O R T H P A N A M 
223-3213 
M O N .-F R I. 9-6 

Loop 41o-V ance J a c k s o n Rd. 
P A R K L I K E G R O U N D S 
2 -B E D R O O M -S 2 3 5 . B IL L S P D 
P A R K D A L E A P T S . 342-o191 

L iv e O ak, 4-2 I, a p p lia n c e s, car- pet, 5225. mo. 651-6312. 
Don't need a priate's ransom for your voyage to good living 

P A IN T A N D B O D Y S H O P , 3 c a r s t a lls , O S H A - a p p r o v e d s p r a y p a in t b oo th a n d a s e p a r a t e r e ­ sid en ce on I a c re N e w c o n stru c ­ tion, a m p le w r it in g , R a n d o lp h a r e a . 
J O 
J A R E S 
R E A L T Y 
658-5144, 658-3745. 

238 A r m y off B r o a d w a y , I b e ­ droom , air, g a s pd. SUO. 342-7886, eves. 
______ 

2-2, located in L e o n V a lle y, C e n ­ tral heat a n d a ir, ra n g e a n d r e ­ f r ig e r a t o r a n d lo r g e lot. $275 
684-433o, 344-62o7 
D E A N I E 
O W E N S 
CO., 
R E A L T O R S 

C o v e re d w a lk w a y fr o m c a r to apt., la u n d ry and m a ilb o x a re a so you w o n ’t get d re n c h e d , la r g e r ro o m s so yo u w o n '! b a r k y o u r shins. 342-9113 826-1594 and see. 
T H E K IN G S T O N A P T S . 
22o2 V a n ce J a c k so n F o r T L O 

R e a so n a b le , d aily , w e e k ly rate s 
Dow ntow n. 315 N. M ain .___________ 
Astoria 
1o363 S A H A R A 344-6191 
F U R N I S H E D U N F U R N I S H E D 
Sunshine 
342 E. S U N S H IN E 734-4422 

S p a c io u s n e w ly d e c o ra te d 2 b e ­ d room s, Jeff area, adults, no pets. 
732-9339 
I minute to ffl-1o. 
Private adult and family section. 
69o-17oo 
49o9 Woodstene Drive 

C le a n , c o z y , p r iv a t e e n t r a n c e bath, air, m aid. 226-4413.__________ 
R A I L S P U R R . 4 ’x a c r e s zo n e d 
1-2 
N ext to K e lly Field. 532,5oo. 
O w n e r f in a n c e , e a s y t e r m s . 
828 4452, 826-5)9o.__________________ 

M E D - C E N T E R 3 b ed room , 2 bath double g a ra ge , cen tral air, $325. 
L E O N V A L L E Y 3 B e d r o o m , 2 b a th , c e n t r a l a ir , t e n c e d . I m ­ m ediate p o sse ssio n . $3oo. 
T O W N H O U S E - 2 B e d ro o m s , c e n ­ tral air, all a p p lia n ce s, 517o. 
L A C K L A N D - 3 B e d ro o m s, a ir, all a pp liances, fenced, $175. 
W E S T W O O D -3 B e d ro o m s, cen tral air, carp etin g, all a pp lia nces, 
5225. 
K E L L Y - 3 B e d ro o m s, c en tra l air, fenced, q uick o cc u p a n c y, $215. 
W E H A V E O T H E R S 681-o66o 

233 H O W A R D 
I B lk . M e t r o p o lit a n H o s p it a l, 
M e d ica l P r o fe ss io n a l B ld g. B a p lis t H o s p it a l a n d M a i n B a n k . 
L a rg e I a nd 2 b ed roo m s. Adults, no pets. 

E A S T S I D E - 5 room . $11o month. 
55o deposit. 745 D e lm a r. 923-o649. 
C le an , new ly painted, p riv a te en- tra n c e , on b u s line. N e a r 3 col le ge s. 733-7775 
_________________ 
Three can sh a re a 3 b e d ro o m apt. at the B o a rd w a lk for SH O each. 
P oo l, c lu b r o o m a n d la u n d r y . 
C lo s e , to 
C en tral 
P a rk and 
W onderland. 
3536 W est A v e n u e 349-42o3 
B a r r y G illin gw a te r Co. 

F o r P e rm a n e n t L iv in g 
D ow ntow n, C he ck out the 
L a r g e I bed room , n orth sid e n e a r bus. 699-o196 o r 733-1o83 
I b d rm efficiency. 585 m o 931 W. 
H uisach e 824 7137, 735-o636 
F in e b u s in e ss lo c a tio n , zo n e d J w ith 2 b u ild in g s a nd fenced ya rd . 
O w n e r c a r r y at 5 3 o ,o o o . J im 
W a g n e r 344-2341, 828-246o 
B O B J O N E S , R E A L T O R S 

A c r o s s from St M a r y s U n iv. at 127 
Colgate, 2 b e d ro o m s unfurn. 5165 mo. C o rp u s (512)852-2492. aftr 6 
P M 

I Bedroom , p a rtia lly furnished in 
H isto ric a l a re a . C lo se to T rin ity 
U Atter 6 P M , 734-2994___________ 
The 
Courtyard/ 

2 & 3 Bedrm. 
Apts. 
Al! Electric Kitchens. 

Outside Storage N.S. Schools. 

4411 Gardendale i i 
6 9 6 -4 8 9 2 

M o st R e a so n a b le R a te s 
22o B ro a d w a y 
L IV E B E T T E R F O R L E S S 1 
G R O U N D L E V E L D U P L E X E S 
F U R N O R U N F U R N . 
E X C E L L E N T M A I N T E N A N C E 
H IG H L A N D H I L L S A P T S 
2931 E. S O U T H C R O S S 
534-88o8 

T o w n h o u s e , lu x u r io u s , la r g e , d ish w a sh e r, pool, 1-2 b e d ro o m s, utilities paid. 
5231 
Blanco. 
341-4113. 

I B e d ro o m (urn. $22o 
2B e dro om , 
I bath tow nhouse, 
$25o. 
U tilities includ ed . Id e a l location, a c ro ss fro m O ak P a r k Sh o p p in g 
Center, c o rn e r N a c o g d o c h e s and 
N ew B ra u n fe ls 
1779 N A C O G D O C H E S R D 
824-o691 

I D E A L B A C H E L O R Q U A R T E R S 
N orth , room , bath, d r e s s in g -oom, w e e k d a y s after 5pm 733-8384. 

A la m o 
H g t s 
A r e a . 
3-2-2, rem odeled, cent hair, $3oo 
United, 735-9121, tee (417-3) 
% n o r t h 
A PA RTM EN TS 

Country Living in the City 
I -bedroom Apts, now available 
Furnished or Unfurnished 
6 miles north of Loop 41o on Babcock turn left at Springtime 
6 5 4 2 Sp rin g Branch 
6 9 o -1 4 6 o 

I % L I 
U 1 1 I i v J I 
W e have 12 d iffe ren t floor p lans to 
-------------------------------------------------- | c h o o s e fro m . W a lk in c lo se ts, 
S e v e r a l S o u th sid e lo c a t io n s to r pantries, patios. C all C a ry b u sin e ss. C all tor appt a nd toth er | 
T H E H E R I T A G E d e t a i ls on p r ic e s a n d s i z e s . : 
1543 B a b co c k at N.W. Loop 41o 
924-8116, 337-4927 
341 2228______________ 
H Y A T T R E A L E S T A T E 
! ce n tra l N W , R e d e cora te d, refur- 
1822 24 W. O L M O S 
| n ish e d . I b d r m apt. A d u lts, no 
Zo n e B-3, b u ld in g , fe n c e d a re a - pets. $175 p lu s dep. G ara ge, w aler plenty p arkin g. O w n e r fin a nced . 
Pd 822-7212________________________ 
Od oust 
C oral S a n d s 1515 W. Contour (E. 
.ni.ii.i i. I, i 
M 
■ , j a n p elj r o ) a }r , pool, 2 
228 • COMMERCIAL PROPERTY 
&<»rmiturn. s u e . 826-7913._________ 

L o c k la n d - K e lly a re a . L a d y h a s ro o m for rent. $25 wk. 673-6713 
A lie n a V illage, 2-1-1, cent heat-air, appl, fenced, $175 
United, 735-9121, fee (4o1-2) 
T V M O N IT O R E D S E C U R IT Y 
G A R D E N P A T IO S 
C L U B R O O M S 
G Y M A N D S A U N A S 
1-2-3 B E D R O O M S , 1-2 B A T H S 
SIBS, to $275. B IL L S P A ID 
P A R K T O W N E A P T S 
434-4191 
2o11 B A N D E R A R O A D 
Between H illcre st a nd C a lla g h a n 

M E T R O H O U S E - D O W N T O W N 
M O D E R N E F F IC I E N C Y - F U R N . 
512o to 5135. 213 4T H ST. 226-7333 
P riv a te e ntrance, bath, cle an , re frig. $75. atter 2, 533-5885 
M e d C e n t e r . P lu s h 3 -!V h -l, appis, air, e xtra s. Call 
United, 735-9121, fee (41o-3) 
A L o v e ly 4-2-den, fire p la ce , air, a p p i's , c a rp e t, d ra p e d , fenced, patio. 5275. A voil. now. 828-6o33. 
P riv a te h om e h a s v a c a n c y for the e lderly. R o o m a n d b o a r d only. 
923-1914__________ 

M O R R IS D O W N T O W N A P T S 
A P R E S T I G E A D D R E S S 
E ffic ie n c y ! b d rm -2 b d rm -o e n tra l a ir - h e a t . 128 E. M a i n P la z a . 
227-288o F U R N I S H E D 

M o d e r n 3 b d r m , b u ilt - in s , a ir heat, carpet, tenced, kids. 5175 
A R E Y O U T I R E D O F R E N T IN G ? 
T hen b uy a hom e. N o th in g dow n to anyone. 3 or 4 b ed roo m s. 
696-742o S L A T E R R L T Y 684-6169 

S e a ly m a ttre ss, c e ilin g fan, c a r ­ pet E m p lo y e d . $45. 733-18o8 
ID E A L LO C A T IO N 
I B e d ro o m u n fu rn $185. 
2-B ed ro om s, U n fu rn . $215. 
U T IL IT IE S P A ID 
215 J A C K S O N K E L L E R 

8 2 4 -9 8 7 1 

M o d e rn 3-2-1, cent heat-air, stove, carpet, fenced fo r kids-pets. 
United, 735-9121, fee (417-1) 

M O T E L e ffic ie n c y a p a r t m e n t s a n d r o o m s . B y d a y , w e e k o r m o n th . 
D 12-9112, 
P E 4 -6 7 6 7 , 
L E 2 -o 1 52, C A 7 -4 7 o 2 , N e a r F t. 
Sam . TA2-1377. 

A t 739 R it t m a n Rd. N o rth e a st 2 bdrm , den, stove, refrig. carp ort, fence. 522o. 826-148o. 
W ill care for y o u r a ge d lo v e d one in m y hom e, p riv a te ro o m , r e a ­ sonable. 922-89111 

M o v e today! O n ly 58o for 2 bdrm , fenced, kids-pets, h u rry ! 
United, 735-9121, fee (426-2) 

W A N T E D L a d y 25 to 35 y rs. to sh a re lo ve ly h o m e in W in d c re st with lady of sa m e age. Re nt $25o. 
Per mo. 653-4139. 

E ffic ie n c e s, a ir, bus, sh o p s $3o wk. $125 mo. up. B ills od. Section 
8. 534-34o1, 4 3 4 -9 6 4 S _________________ 
B a b c o c k N o r t h , 3-2-2, p r iv a c y fence, $3oo. 344-442o._______________ 
N e a r Ft. S a m , I b e d r o o m a p t gas-w ater pd. SHO. 344-64o8.______ 
LIVING SPACES 
NOW AVAILABLE 
OLMOS TOWER 
824-6661 
THE CHELSEA 
824-2226 
ROYAL GEORGE 
824-2226 

U U FOR APPOINTMENT 

2 A C R E S 'J ', W e s t s id e . 1 6 o o ' m o d e rn office, 3,ooo’ w a re h o u se , m isc. sto rage sheds. E a s y term s. 
R e s 735 3)24, office 433-3243 

M u lb e r r y 6o1 W. u nturn. 4 ro om h o u s e , w a s h e r c o n n , b u s a t corner, 732-4744.___________ _ 

Efficiency Apt. B ills pd. P a rk in g 
Opposite Y M C A -H a n d v Andy. 2o7 
Lexington. 226-686o________________ 
418 WANT TO RENT OR LEASE 
1o7 B a lla rd 3-1 Sec 8 ... 
1336 H e rm o sa 2-1 Sec 8 
B A R N E B E Y A G E N C Y 

53o week, bill pd, n e a r Ft. Sam , no pets. Atter 12, 735-6412. 
N E A R F T S A M 
N ice la rg e I b e d ro o m furn. apt w ater pd. 51oo. 824-8369.___________ 
R e sp o n s ib le c ou p le w ith no c h il­ d re n w ould like to rent fu rn ish e d h o u s e in T h u n d e r b ir d H ill s o r v ic in it y of S o u t h w e st R e s e a r c h institute for su m m e r, ca ll 341-1784 o r w rite B .B . G e r h a r d t, 1919 S. 
K e a rn e y , D e n ve r, CO. 8o224. 

2-B ed room , I bath $215. 
A c r o s s stre e t fro m L e e H ig h , 3 b lk s. fr o m N im itz H ig h , I b lk . 
J a c k so n K e lle r E le m e n ta ry. 
M A I N T A IN E D W IT H P R I D E 
A L L U I L I T I E S P A ID 
233 H e rw e c k D r . 344-58o4 

N E A R H E L O T E S 
L o v e ly I b e d ro o m g u e st h o u se 
S165. p lus bills. 695-8447, 733-8182 

E . K elly a re a, 1-2 b edroom s. Pool, air. B ills paid. F ro m $165 923-266S 
B e a u tifu l 3 b d rm , a ir-h e a t, c a r ­ port, tenced-kids, pets 5145 
United. 735-9121, fee (396-2) 

N e a r M c C re le ss, I b ed roo m , bills, 
$125. 532-1)88 after 5 p m __________ 
E n j o y th e g e n t le p a c e of the 
B o a r d w a lk . S p e n d y o u r a f t e r ­ noons chatting with frie n ds d u rin g a ga m e of b rid ge . C lose to W o n ­ d e rla n d o r C e n t r a l P a r k M a ll. 
Catch a b u s to anyw h ere. Join our com m unity w h e re all a ge s sh a re the good lite. 
3536 W est A v e n u e 349-42o3 
B a r r y G illin gw a te r Co 

 o r o ver pay 
W I L S H I R E A P T S . 
B lo ck of Ft. Sa m N orth Gate 
826-9159, 826-1594 

L a r g e re ta il s p a c e o ff M c C u l ­ lo u g h 
P le n ty p a r k in g . 9c sq ft. 
J a c k A lter 342-4151_________________ 
Beautiful 3-11 z den, carpet, appis, cent air-heat, fence $18o 
United, 735-9121, fee (445-2) 
1,2, and 3 bedroom 
Apts. 
Furnished or 
Unfurnished. 

Tw o b ed room , I or 2 bath, sto rage for e v e ryth in g a nd a p riv a te patio. 
T H E H E R I T A G E 
1543 B a b c o c k at N.W . Loop 41o 
____________ 341-2228_______________ 
N ice cle an 2 b e d ro o m apt N e a r bus, la u n d ry 818 W. R u sse ll 

A u stin Hw y. In d u stria l P a rk , 47o8 
B ro o m , zoned 1-1, 95o sa. ft. $25o m o. Office- w a re h o u s e , su ita b le for sm a ll m a n u fa c tu rin g. 653-916o or 653 o4o2. 
___________________ 

14 W indow s, air, carpet, g a ra ge , yard. I B e d ro o m , n e a r Ft. Sa m , bus, p ark. $125. W a te r pd. 826-6275 e ve n in gs o r w eekends.____________ 

B e a u tifu l 2-2-1 w ith a ir, fenced, 
B B Q , 515o. 
United, 735-9121, fee (393-3) 

3 B e d roo m s, I I 'a baths, ga ra ge , carpel. O n C ul-de-sac. $22o. mo. 
IF Y O U Q U A L IF Y 

1 B e d roo m -! Both $142-5199 
2 B edroom -1 Bath $159-5221 
3 B ed roo m -2 Bath $179-5246 
All utilities, C entral A ir and Heat, 
R e fr ig e r a t o r, R a n g e , D is p o s a l, 
D ra p e rie s, T V A n te nn a, Sto ra g e 
U nits a n d M o re . A p p r o x im a t e ly 
IS M in u te s from M ilita ry B a se s. 
924-o41o 
2914 R o o se velt A ve. 

2 bedroom , I bath d uplex, central heat and air, carp ort, c h a in link fence, ra n g e a n d r e fr ig r e r a t o r , w a s h e r a n d d r y e r c o n n e c tio n s. 
$175. 344-3o78, nites, 696-o866 
D O N J O H N S O N , C O R E A L T O R 

418 W. Lyn w ood . L a r g e b ed roo m 
SHO w a le r pd. 733-8864___________ 
3 B e d r o o m s , I b a t h , g a r a g e , stove, ref., carp et. L o v e ly la n d s ­ cape. $21o 
11721 Parliament 
3 4 9 -3 1 4 9 

Y o u n g fem ale to sh a re 3 b ed roo m home, $15o. mo. 648 1655 
5/ Lk H IL L S V I L L A G E 
A p a rtm e n ts and T o w n h o u se s 
5175.Up 1847 B a b c o c k 344-9726 
1235 E. M U L B E R R Y 

8 2 6 -5 o 8 1 
The best lo cated apt com plex in 
San Antonio. L a rg e , beautiful I or 
I b ed roo m apts, beautiful sw im ­ m in g pool a n d c o u rt ya rd . Just s e c o n d s f r o m d o w n to w n , n ext d o o r to F t. S a m H o u st o n o n d 
B r o o k A r m y M e d ic a l C e n te r. 
C onvenient to B ra c k e n rid g e Golf 
C o u rse a n d t e n n is c o u rts. C o n ­ venient to all m a jo r e xp re ssw a ys: 
IH 35, IH 37, IH IO and the new 
N o rth E x p r e s s w a y . R e a so n a b le rates, all b ills poid.________________ 

A ll s iz e s to m eet a n y n e e d 
A ll a re a s of S.A. E rn e s t So b le C om - ine rciol Prop. 349-3639.____________ 

3 bedroom , I bath, den, sw im m in g pool, cen tral oir-heat. N orth sid e . 
$25o. mo. 435-5166. 

I b ed roo m apts. D ra p e s, paneled, carpet, a ir, st o r a g e a re a. SITS, 
513o W a te r paid only. L a c k la n d - 
K elly a re a 922-1345._______________ 

3 B e d ro o m s , I b ath, c o n v e rt e d ga rage , stove, ref., patio, c o rn e r lot. 52oo 
673-6o18 
681-o66o 
P R O P E R T Y M A N A G E M E N T 

A A A A A A H o m e of y o u r own can be y o u rs for a s little a s $2oo dow n and p ay m e n ts le ss than rent. N o 
C re d it? N o p rob le m 
J & J R E A L T Y 674-8883 A n ytim e 
A H H H H H ! S T IL L R E N T IN G ? 
B uy yo u r ow n h om e tor a s little a s 
$2o clo sin g, p a y m e n ts le ss than rent. N o c r e d it ? N o p r o b le m ! 
675-1691, 342-7435, 674-1777. 
P O IN T E R R E A L E S T A T E 

L A B A N D E R A A P T S . 
L U X U R Y I and I b e d ro o m apts. 
1171 B A N D E R A R D 433-3214 

1139-4 B a s s e R d 
N e w r e d tile f ir e p r o o f b uild ing, 87oo s a ft. of w a re h o u se dr. ligh t m a n u f a c t u r ­ ing L a rg e office olso. 696-5o48 or 
696 5243 
______________________ 

I bedroom , fu rn ish e d a p a rtm e n t n e a r F t S a m . $115 p e r m o n th . 
Lucille 
B ie rsc h w a le 
344-2341, 
344-5549 
B O B J O N E S , R E A L T O R S 

2 b e d r o o m T o w n h o u s e . W o o d - b u rn in g fire p lace in liv in g ro om 
F a m ily ro o m , p a r q u e t f lo o r s 
Lo v e ly patio perfect for plants. 
S A. A P A R T M E N T L O C A T O R S 
______________ 828-33o1 

THE 
GREENHOUSE 

I BEDRO O M 
TO W N H O U SES 

FRO M $185 

7 2 o o S PRESA 

<o> 
5 3 2 -7 3 8 9 

N O L E A S E R E Q U I R E D 
N ea r Ft. Sa m and dow ntow n. E f ­ fic. Apts. B ills Paid, $89 per mo. 
227-47o2 1954 E. Houston._________ 
4227 S U N G A T E 
1-Bedroom , $179. B ills pd. 
655-4826 

D O W N T O W N A R E A 
2 lo c a tio n s • 
423 N M a in o nd 211 Sa n P e d ro . 
R e t a il a n d st o r a g e . 3,ooo-7,ooo sq.ft. IO cents to 3o c e n ts p e r sq.ft. 
All or port Coll 224-71 11, 732 59o9. 

N orth C e n tra l L o c a tio n , E lm ir a and M c C u llo u g h and IH35. N e w ly decorated. N e a r bus, a d u lts only. 
No pets. U n fu rn ish e d I b ed roo m . 
W ater pd $125. w ith dep. 6 M o . 
Lease. 226-53o1 a fte r 6 a n d w ee- kends, 696-o73o._____________________ 

O lm o s P a r k . L a r g e I b e d ro o m , single adult only. N o pets. $125. 
824-1226 

N e a r M e d ic a l Center ond U S A A , 
N S Sc h o o ls, cle a n 3 b e d ro o m , 2 bath, double g a ra g e . W ith p riv a c y fence. $3oo. 344-442o._______________ 
N e a r N orth S ta r M all, 3 bed room , a tta c h e d g a r a g e , fe n c e d . $195. 
M o. 344-2671. 

L IV E B E T T E R F O R L E S S ! 
G R O U N D L E V E L D U P L E X E S 
F U R N . O R U N F U R N . 
E X C E L L E N T M A I N T E N A N C E 
H IG H L A N D H I L L S A P T S . 
2931 E. S O U T H C R O S S 
534-88o8 

L O V E L Y L IV IN G 
U niq ue , g o r g e o u s to w n h o u se , 2 b e d ro o m s, I'a b a ttis , lo v le y p a r ­ q ue t f lo o r s , F I R E P L A C E . In p rivate red sid en tia l a re a. $265. 
A P A R T M E N T S U N L I M I T E D 

828-o681 
_ 

3 B E D R O O M H O U S E , Southside. 
628 1239 628-12o1. 
A L A M O H G T S . T O W N H O U S E 
B e a u t if u l 2 b e d r o o m , 2 ?a b a th t o w n h o u s e w it h lo v e ly s h a g , 
W A S H E R - D R Y E R c o n n . S m a ll yard. Pool. $335. 
A P A R T M E N T S U N L I M I T E D 

828-o681 

1 2oo Ft for office or store. H e a v y t r a f f ic a r e a on R i g s b y A v e 
337-4622 w eekd ays._________________ 
3 B e d ro o m H o u se for re n t 
113 
D ashiell. $65 m o C all 344-5337 
A ll of o u r a p a rtm e n ts h o v e la rg e p a t io s o r b a l c o n ie s f o r y o u r plants. Stora ge ro o m s with e v e ry a p a r t m e n t a n d lo t s o f c lo s e t space. 2 bedroom , I bath or 2 b e­ d roo m 2 baths, C all tod a y! 
T H E H E R I T A G E 
1543 B a b co c k at N.W . Loo p 41o 
341-2228 

G O O D S O U T H S ID E L O C A T IO N : 
F o r Rent. Suitable for u p h o lste ry. paint, body shop o r g a ra g e . 342) 
N ogalito s__________ ' ________________ 

3 
B e d r o o m s , 
S t o v e , c a r p e t , fenced. 4827 C a stle A r m s . 5175, 
822-1552, A n ytim e 

N e o r U T S A . N ic e 3 b e d r o o m ra n c h house, carp e t in b e d ro o m s, fire p la ce , b ea u tifu l h illtop view . 
C a n keep I o r 2 h o rse s on place. 
C oll 695-31o8 after 6pm___________ 
N E L a rg e 2 b drm , cp, stove, h a s d rap es, kid s-p e ts ok. $14o 
United, 735-9121, fee (414-3) 

A t t r a c t iv e 1 - b e d r o o m , d i s h ­ washer, sh ag, pool. B ills od. $165 and up 525. Dep. IO M in . Ft. Sa m . 
321o E I S E N H A U E R off H a r r y 
W urzbach. 822 9195. 

N O L E A S E R E Q U I R E D 
You can p a y y o u r m onthly rent in 
I, 2 o r 3 p a y m e n ts. E n jo y color 
T V , rad io, p oo l, m a id -lin e n s e r ­ vice. All b ills o d W E E K L Y rates 
3414 F r e d e r ic k s b u r g R d 736-4444 

N e w 12,ooo sa.It m etal in su late d w arehouse, I blk. fro m dow ntow n, 
IH 37 Heated, vented, d oc k high, 
9,ooo sa ft. fenced p a r k in g O ffices to suit. ideal for p a rts d istrib u te r, d ro p shipping, sto ra g e , etc. 
2 2 7 - 4 5 3 7 . ______________________ 

A L A M O H T S. I b ed roo m , central heot-oir, 5175 b ills pd. 826-737o 
3 B e d r o o m , w ith 
N E IS D , coil 656-2886. 
N W A v a ila b le now ! 2 B e d ro o m s, 
51o5 I B ed room , $9o. C all K e lle y 
Realty, 433-6642.___________________ 
2-B ed room , 1-Bath, $23o. 
3-Bedroom , 2-Bath, 15oo sq.ft. $3oo 
T h e lo c a tio n is so c o n v e n ie n tly located a se con d fa m ily c a r is not needed. 
A L L U T I L I T I E S P A ID 
O ne B lo ck T o N orth Sta r M a ll 
2o2 B I R C H L E A F , 342-o285 

B R O O K S M C C R E L E S S A R E A 
L a r g e I b ed roo m , unfurn. $169 
L a rg e 2 b e d ro o m unfurn. $2o5. 
S O U T H P O IN T A P A R T M E N T S 
55oo 
S. 
N E W 
B R A U N F E L S 
533-13oo 

N e w 3-2-1, le s s tha n 3 c h ild re n , 
Sp icew ood V illa ge . 628-1336 
I A N D 2 B e d r o o m a p t s. P r e s ­ tigio u sly located on H a r r y W u r z ­ b ach a c r o s s fro m F T S A M G olf 
C o u r s e . F r o m $225. B i l l s p d . 
824-285). 824-2385, 828-3331. 

P A N A M A P A R T M E N T S 
56o2 B IE N V IL L E D R . OH W e id n e r rd M o d e rn I B ed roo m , 653-2663. 
B L A N C O R D . and B A S S E RD . 
1-2 B ed roo m s. G a s-W a le r Pd. 
683) B A S IL W O O D 342-37o2 

O H ice Shop Retail. M ile 41o IH 35 
$2oo m onth 684-38oo 
2-B ed room s, air, heat. $14o. W a te r pd. Patio. 158 E l M io-4o8 ira. N o pets. 341-8446, 494-5678, 824-6227 

N e w l u x u r y b r ic k h o m e s f o r le a se . N o rth w e st, c lo se to L o o p 
41o. C a r p e t , c u s t o m d r a p e s , p riv a c y fence, frees, w a sh e r and d r y e r c o n n e c t io n s . 
L e a s e required. 3-2-2-with fireplace. $35o p er mo. 4-2-1-5325. C all 681-3o72 or 
658-4388 
N O C R E D I T N E E D E D ! 
W h y not o w n y o u r o w n h o m e ? 
J u s t $2oo d o w n ! F r o m $159 p e r m onth. 922-17o6, 673-4714, 676-75o9 
P a l M c V e y R e a l E sta te 
N O R T H E R N H IL L S -O v e r lo o k in g golf course, this sp a c io u s 3-2 h a s f a m il y r o o m w it h F P , s u n n y g o u r m e t k it c h e n , c o v e r e d t e r ­ r a c e , s u n d e c k . $375. J O N E S - 
K IN G 826-2439. 

O F F I C E W A R E H O U S E , N o r t h side, c Lo se to airport. 1357 sa tt. 
J IM V IA , R E A L T O R S , 349-4276 
C A M E L O T - L a r g e 3 b ed roo m , 2 b ath hom e, d o u b le g a r a g e , f ir e ­ place, a pp liances. $295 m onthly. 

N e a r U T S A , M ed. O r . and U S A A . 
L a rg e 2 bedroom , fu lly e qu ip p ed k itc h e n , d r a p e d a n d c a r p e t e d , 
$175. 341-7483, 349-7o26.____________ 

A u stin H w y a nd IH 35 N orth area. 
$85, s m a ll 2 b e d r o o m c o tta g e s, clean, quiet p a rk like area. B ills part paid. N o c h ild re n or pets. 
826-4o51. 
__ 

S A V E Y O U R S E L F 
T im e , tro u b le , m o n e y . W e fin d new a p a rtm e n ts fo r you, o w n e r p a y s fee. E c o n o m y to lu x u ry , all over town. 
T H E G O L D E N K E Y 
A p artm en t L o c a to rs 828-5739 

S E C U R IT Y 
P L U S 
Apts. of Distinction 
E ffic ie n c ie s • I a n d 2 b e d ro o m s 
F u rn ish e d and U n fu rn ish e d 
T H E V IL L A F O N T A N A 
123 B R A C K E N R I D G E A V E . 
( O F F 27oo B R O A D W A Y ) 
828-1191 

S T U D IO T O W N H O U S E , sp a c io u s 
I b ed room I 1 a both with b alco n y. 
In O ak Hills, 341 1262._________ 

"I don't want to hear a song and dance about your attic full of old stuff!” 

P r im e retail sp a ce . S o u th P a r k 
M a ll, 99o sq .ft. A v a i l a b l e im - m ediately 333-o141 o r 927-54)1 
Century 21 
D E L A N E Y R E A L T Y 653-o55o 
E fflu e n c e s, 1-2 a n d 3 b edroom s, furn or u n fu rn 533-13oo.___________ 
R E T I A I L 
S T O R E S - 
18oo 
F R E D E R I C K S B U R G 
R D . 
( c o r n e r ) , $3oo. 1814 F R E D E R ­ 
IC K S B U R G 
R D 
$225. 
344-o246, 
342-oo84 

E A L T - f 653-o55o 
B E A U T I F U L T re e H o u se Apts, in g a rd e n C o m p le x, n e a r B r a c k e n ­ rid g e P k . T r in it y U a n d D o w n ­ town. V ie w of City. Pool. L a u n d ry . 
M o d e r n a n d c o m f o r t a b le . 
M a n a g e r , M U L B E R R Y T E R ­ 
R A C E A P T S . 1315 E. M u lb e rry , 
826-1243 
____________________ __ 

A N A P A R T M E N T 
U n fo rge ta b le a s its n am e 
1 B E D R O O M , 516o 
2 - B E D R O O M , $215 
U T IL IT IE S P A ID 
824-oo61, 828-7393 

Tw o b ed room , I o r 2 bath, sto ra ge for e v e ryth in g a nd a p riv a te patio. 
T H E H E R I T A G E 
1543 B a b co c k at N.W . Loo p 41o 
341-2228_______________ 

3-2-2, c e n t r a l a ir - h e a t , a ll a p ­ p lian ce s. A ll b ric k, p a n e le d g a r ­ age, la rge tenced c o rn e r lot. NW , clo se to M e d ic a l C e n te r, U S A A , 
U T SA . 684-1153 

429 F re sn o . M o d e rn , carpeted, I b e d ro o m , w e ll f u rn is h e d . $135. 
W ater paid. 734-35o1 
_____________ 
F u lto n , n e a r S a n P e d ro , a ir, 4 room s, 59o 226-78)3, 732-758o 

598.5o F u rn is h e d I B ed roo m Apt 
Air, I B lk s K e lly C all A n y D a y O r 
N igh! 7 a.rn - *** P m. 922-o634 
5133 F u rn ish e d I B ed roo m Apts, 
Air, C all A n y D a y o r E v e s. 7:3o 
A M. - 9 P M 333-1851. 

R I V E R S Q U A R E 
A R T S & C R A F T S M A R K E T 
I s lo o k in g fo r m o r e e x c i t i n g sh o p s Su ch a s: Stain g la s s, A n ­ t iq u e s , c a n d y s t o r e , p o t t e r y studio, wine and cheese a n d other typ es al unusual shops, lf you are interested in le a sin g sp ace , ta ll 
22/-V596 

C h a rm in g 2 b drm , n o s appis, no deposit, kids-pets ok. $13o 
United, 735-9121, tee (397-2) 
C lo se to a ll! 3 b d r m h o u se for 
$1oo, storage, fenced. 
United, 735-9121, fee (398-2) 
C lo se to schools. 3 b d rm for $125, cp, fenced, kid s-p ets 
United, 735-9121, fee (391-3) 
435 Club Dr. B eautifu l 5 sp a cio u s ro o m s E xce llen t condition. $16o. 
736-1o11, 342-22o2___________________ 

C o u n try cottage, stove, frig, air, couple, no pets. 696-2425___________ 

C ou p le s D e ligh t! 2 b d rm , carpet- ed, repainted, jus* $14o 
United, 735-9121, fee (413-3) 

All of o u r a p a rtm e n ts h ave la rg e p a t io s o r b a l c o n ie s t o r y o u r plants. Stora ge ro o m s with e v e ry a p a r t m e n t a n d lo t s of c lo s e t space. I bed room , I b other 2 b e­ droom 2 baths, C oll tod ay! 
T H E H E R I T A G E 
1543 B a b co c k at N .W . Loop 41o 
____________ 341-2228_______________ 
R E D E C O R A T E D 
L a r g e 2 b e ­ lli oom. m a n y closets, P O R C H for 
P L A N T S . M a tu re couple, no pets, ret 733-9951 
R E M O D E L E D 4 r o o m c o t ta g e near M c C re le ss, b u sse s, free w ay. 
$15o mo. w ater paid $75 deposit. 
P ra t e r la d y . H u r r y , T h is w o n ’t last 532-7188. aft. 5 a n d w e eken d s. 

N E E D A N A P T - C A L L U S 
T E X A S A P T . L O C A T O R S 
349 368S»N O F E E « t lS o UP 
2 -B e d ro o m s, $75. w a te r pd. 225 
M ad ison, 223-95o1 d a y s.___________ 
V I L L A G E O A K S A P T S 
1-2 B e d ro o m s, and E H ic ie n c e s 
U T I L I T I E S P A ID 
8o11 N. N e w B ra u n fe ls 828-4242 
N e w e ffic ie n c y apt. 543 N. N e w 
B ra u n fe ls. 511o mo. 824-7137 
N o rth S ta r M a ll 3 b d rm , stove, cent heat, fenced for aal. $15o 
United, 735-9121, fee (4o8 3) 
W e handle all size s of a p a rtm e n ts in all p ric e ran ge s. Call 
United, 735-9121, fee 9-9, 7 d a y s 

3o1-o9-15 W. M a g n o lia 
A p a r t m e n t s f r o m $1oo o n d up- 
N e a r S A C , con ven ie n t sh o pp ing, b u s lines. C all 733-9857. 

N O R T H W E S T B E A U T Y 
S p a c io u s 2 b e d r o o m , 2 b a t h , o v e r l o o k i n g b e a u t if u l, q u ie t , w oody a re a, o ver 1,o4o sq.ft. Pool, lovely sh a g. $265 mo. B ills pd 
A P A R T M E N T S U N L I M I T E D 
828-o681________ 
N W A rea . E xce lle n t tow nh ouse in sm all, quiet com plex. 2 b ed room , 
I U b ath, den, e le c tric k itc h e n . 
O v e r 12oo sq .ft. o il c a r p e t e d . 
342-331o or 3*49-o219_______________ 

W e h ave 12 different floor p la n s to c h o o s ( r o m . W a lk in c lo s e t s , pantries, patios. C all C a ry 
T H E H E R I T A G E 
1543 B a b co c k at N .W . Loop 41o 
____________341 2228_______________ 
262 C larem ont, d a rlin g 2 b e d ro o m d u p le x , c e n t r a l a ir - h e a t , fu lly c a rp e te d , no c h ild re n , no pets, 
$12o m o 822-711o. 

N o rth Sta r M a ll 3 b d rm , c e n tra l air, kids-fido ok. $195 
United, 73S-9I21, tee (4 o 1 2 ) 

S e ll o r tra d e . $3,ooo e q u it y rn p r o p e r t y 
142' fr o n t o n M a r t in 
L u t h e r K in g D r. N e a r e x p r e s s ­ w ay, e asy of! and on. C all G e o rge, 
S32-So31 ofter 5 o r w e e k e n d s 

F U R N U N F U R N 
U tilit ie s pd, sh ag , 2 pools, $185 U P P oin te rs 
M ill 52oo B lo n co . 349 2222_________ 
N W . 3-2-2 a n d p a rty ro o m , p oo l table, cent air. C all 
United, 735-9121, fee (394-3) 
N W 3 b drm , h a s d ish w a sh e r, air, g a rage , tenced, 52oo 
United, 735-9121, fee (412-1) 

L a rg e 2 b e d r o o m D u p le x 
N e a r 
B r o a d w a y a n d 
H ild e b r a n d . 
69o-156o, o r 435-453o_______________ 

16,ooo sa.ll. b u ild in g, I U ac. on 
S VU. M ilita ry Dr. 923 357j_________ 
L o rg e I and 2 B e d ro o m s 
F R O M 5122.5o ( F U R N . $14o.) 
116 V A N O E R H E C K 826-2369 
O F F 64oo N. N E W B R A U N F E L S 

25oo sq ll 
B u ild in g , N o rth e a st, 
$185 mo. 655-oo87 
81oo P IN E B R O O K 
1 - B E D R O O M , $189. B ills pd 
342-4214 
_______ 

Pl A C I TOUB W ANT AD 
IN THI EXPRESS NEW S 
, 
C A LI 2 2 5 -1 6 6 6 
C o lo n y H o u se I B e d ro o m , pool, b ills pd. $195. 822-159o. 
N W T o w n h o u s e D u p le x , 3 b e d ro o m s. I 1 a b ath s 69 o - o 5 1 7 ____ 
12oo sq.ft. in a s t r ip c e n te r un 
A u stin H w y A la m o Hts. 828-o916 

Dam projects prove lesson to President 

 fa ls, hopes about how project cuts 
V\ ASI 11 AC 1 11) A — During th e would be received on Capitol Hill. 
New H am pshire primary early 
Signed by 74 senators and members of in 197H, candidate J im m y Carlet prom ised to curb the bulldozers of the Army Corps of Engineers. 
“We ought to get the Army Corps of 
Engineers out of the dam-building bu­ sin ess/' he said. “ I personally believe that we have built enough dams in this country and will be extremely reluc­ tant as President to build any more." 
This is the story of w hat happened to that ca m p a ig n co m m itm en t after 
Carter became President and how it became entangled in traditional pork- barrel politics and relations between the White House and Capitol Hill. 
A p relim in a ry dem olition list of publie-works projects was prepared at the outset by two young staff members sympathetic to the arguments of the co n se rv a tio n ists 
— 
K athering 
Schirmer. who had worked for the late 
Sen. P hilip A. Hart. D-M ich.. and 
Katherine Fletcher, formerly with the 
Environmental Defense Fund. 
Transition team 
Schirm er headed the Interior D e­ partment transition team and Fletcher worked with her. The team put to­ gether what Schirm er calls a preli­ m inary list of projects under con ­ struction that the team felt should be halted. 
The list, nam ing HI projects, was published Jan. I and scut a shudder through the Corps of Engineers. No one on Capitol Hill took it seriously. 
After Carter's inauguration Jan. 2o. 
Schirmer joined the White House do­ m estic cou n cil sta ff and brought 
Fletcher witll her. 
The Carter adm inistration had a month to make its recommendations on the Ford budget. Since the water 
’project deferrals would offset to some extent Carter s increases in his prede­ cessors’s spending program, there was strong pressure to have the list ready for Congress by Feb. 21. 
Schirm er and Fletcher canvassed within the office of Management and 
Budget and the President's _ 
Council on E n v iro n m en ta l 
Quality to gather ammunition against the projects. 
Ready allies 
They found ready allies in both a g e n c ie s , w here for years a handful of officials 
. had been sq uirrelin g a w a y unfavorable econom ic and environ­ mental data on every project. 
OME and ('EQ analysts were given the job of finding projects that could be dropped from the Ford budget. While 
House aides say four criteria were used to compile the list: adverse en­ vironmental impact, costs exceeding benefits, safety, and the amount of prior federal investment in each pro­ ject. 
W hile the OMB-CEQ review was tinder way. the White House received a letter that may have created som e 
Assistant conductor suit 

 congress, it supported a review of en­ v ir o n m en ta lly and ec o n o m ic a lly questionable projects and asked for “ a serious effort. . . to trim off the waste of tax dollars on unnecessary water projects." 
Among the signers were Rep. Morris 
Iv Udall. D-Ari/... and five senators, all of w hom would later complain or vote against Carter's initial move to eli­ minate projects. 
Meeting 
On Thursday. Feb. 17. a meeting was held in the White House with Carter presiding. Present were Interior Se­ cretary Cecil D. Andrus, Bureau of 
Reclamation officials. Defense Secre­ tary Harold Brown. Army Secretary 
Clifford Alexander with the chief en­ gineer. Et. Gen. John Morris, and his deputy Maj. lien. Ernest Graves. OME 
Director Belt Lance and White House aide Stuart Eizensiat. 
Carter, according to one of those p resent, began by an n ou n cin g he wanted the agencies to make a major review of all projects and send their findings to him so he could make a final decision on them by April 15. 
Because his budget recom­ mendations were going up that weekend, he said, he wanted to make public an interim list of projects with basic problems to illustrate the possi­ ble cuts. 
The OMB-CEQ surv ey had turned up 
25 projects as cancellation candidates. 
They were introduced for discussion, with the Corps of Engineers generals and reclamation officials seeing them for the first time. 
Budget cut 

On Friday. Feb. IS. the final list was compiled. A paragraph was inserted iii the Ca."ter budget message with what the Unite House Imped would be an offsetting piece of fiscal good news: budget authority was being cut $2o8 million below the Ford funding re­ quest. The total savings achieved by 

 to r years a handful o f officials had been squirreling away un­ favorable economic and envir­ onmental data on every project 

 files 

 halting the projects was announced us 
$5.1 billion. 
Two days later the "hit list" was enlarged from 18 to 19 with the addi­ tion of the $248 million Richard Russell 
Dam in Georgia. 
The list also contains the $22 million dredging of the Atchfalaya River in 
Louisiana. 
The project calls for a widening a 3Bo-foot channel so that companies building 44o-foot-wide oil drilling rigs can float them down to the 
Gulf of M exico. One corporation, 
McDermott & Co., stands to benefit most from the project, along with the oil companies buying the rigs. Carter. in a later letter, was to describe the project as a use of federal funds for the benefit of a very few p rivate c o m ­ panies. 
B egin n in g F riday afternoon. F e ­ bruary 18. the White House liaison team headed by Frank Moore tried in vain to reach senators and representa­ tives affected by the cutbacks. 

Former assistant conductor and vio­ list Vasilios Priakos Friday filed a damage suit against the San Antonio 
Symphony Society and acting conduc­ tor Roger Meiotic. 
Priakos' service as assistant con­ ductor and violist was terminated 
April 5. 197H. He had been with the symphony since 197o. 
His complaint blames Meiotic and written m em os by Meiotic for the ultimate termination and Priakos’s alleged injury to his professional standing and good name. 
The former violist is seeking $2.1 million in damages for alleged injury to his name and professional standing. 
He terms the charges listed by Me­ iotic in-the two memos false, mislead­ ing. defam atory, libelous, unprivi­ leged and without legal excuse. 
Those memos were circulated to the late Victor Alessandro, then symphony conductor, and to other persons in the symphony business office, according to the complaint. 
The memos were evidently written in connection with difficulties sur­ rounding the symphony’s participation iii the early April, 197H performance here of the Houston Ballet, according to the petition. 

Uproar 

By Eel). 21, when the list was an­ nounced. the uproar was enormous. 
Legislators complained about not be­ ing consulted before tile project cuts were m ade public. A few began to wonder if 1977 construction money, voted by Congress but not yet spent, would be held hack — particularly on the’ 19 projects Carter recommended be halted. 
"The Carter people didn t under­ stand." one Hill aide said, "that a lot of political work has gone into getting projects authorized aud funded. It is not something whipped up overnight. 
It required years getting local and state officials behind a project along with the congressional delegation." 
To the public at large they may be pork-barrel projects. To environmen­ talists they are in danger. But for each district and each legislator, federal dams, waterways and lakes arc im ­ portant local signs of government in­ volvement. 
Under the budget impoundment act, 
Carter needs congressional approval before he eau hold back the spending of 1977 funds or eliminate appropria­ tion of 1978 money. 
Kidnapers free beer m agnate in M exico 

MEXICO CITY (AP) - Police said 
■cr magnate Antonino Fernandez was eed Friday by his kidnapers after his rewery published announcements it as giving 12o workers their jobs bac k nd would give retirement pay to an­ ther IOU; 
There were unconfirmed ref rts that is family paid a ransom of $4oo,ooo. 
Fernandez arrived at his home at 
:2o a.m.. police said. They did not 
[infirm reports from witnesses to the idnaping that Fernandez had been ounded by a gunshot when he was 

 taken from his car Tuesday. 
The 59-year-old Fernandez is chair­ man of the* board of the M odelo 
Brewery in Mexico City. 
The brewery published a d v e r ti­ sements in Mexico City newspapers this morning saying it "agrees that the relief w orkers d isch a rg ed in 
November and December ... can re­ turn to work". 
The advertisement said a com m un­ ique* from the kidnapers could not be published as they requested "because it violates the printing la w ." 

On Feb. 25. while Congress was still boiling, the White House staff met with 
Army engineers, reclamation officials and representatives of Agriculture's 
Soil Conservation Service (which has 
7IMI watershed projects) to establish criteria for the major project review, 
Environmental 

Environmental impact and safety were settled upon along with an economic finding that benefits would be larger than remaining costs. 
In figuring cost, the current, interest rate on borrowed money — H:is per cent 
— was used. The rate, higher than that used when the projects were author­ ized. almost guaranteed costs would exceed benefits, particularly on big projects. 
On Friday. March 4. the new criteria were sc*nt to Congress. The following 
Monday. Sen. John C. S ten n is. D- 
Miss.. chairman of the Appropriations 
Public Works subcommittee, asked the corps for a list of projects that the now interest rate would cause to fail the first screening test. 
Stennis got his answer the next day. 
The list contained 28 projects, includ­ ing the $1.4 billion Tennessee-Tom- bigbee Waterway through Alabama and Stennis’ Mississippi and the $9o5 million Red River waterway that is a pet of S en ate F in a n ce C om m ittee chairman Sen. Russell B. Long. D-La. 
The March list caused new concern on Capitol Hill and a m eeting was arranged with the President to discuss where the administration was going. 
Remains firm 

A stormy session took place the af­ ternoon of March IO. Carter remained firm er than the Senate and House members expected. Long was sarcas­ tic. His colleague. Sen. J. Bennett 
Johnston. D-Lu.. got a hint from OMB 
Director Lance about the White House plan to defer 1977 money for a Lo­ uisiana dredging project on the list. 
When Johnston got back to his office. he drafted an amendment to the public works em ploym ent bill then on the floor for debate. It said, in effect, that if the President tried to defer any 1977 money. Congress would defeat it. 
Johnston’s amdendment set off an emotional floor debate from members angered at Carter's statem ents that day in the White House. 
The Johnston amendment passed, HS to 24. Senators called it a message to 
Carter to scale down his efforts to cut water projects. 
Turn-about 

It had a more immediate effect for 
Johnston’s Louisiana project. The next day he received word from the Corps of 
Engineers that the dredging contract vv mi Id be aw arded March 
18 as scheduled. Passage of the amendment. a corps official said later, ruled out any White House attempt to defer the contract award. 
On March l l . Senate M ajority 
Leader Robert C. Byrd. D-W .Ya., wrote Carter a letter of caution on the course lie was taking on water pro­ jects. 
The next day ..Carter culled Byrd to the White House. During their eonver- station. the West V irginian told the 
President that the Senate would defeat any effort to halt projects already ap­ proved. particularly if White House opposition relied on applying the new interest rate to call them uneconomic. 
Byrd su g g e s te d , how ever, that 
Curter could have his way in develop­ ing tougher criteria for any new starts. 
Carter told Bv rd he was surprised by the strong congressional response and would consult before he made any final decisions. 
List defended 
< 

On March 1H. Carter sent a letter to 
Congress repeating the prom ise of consultation, but strongly defended the choices made in the original list of 19. 
Carter complained that "exaggera­ tions of the number of projects to be delayed" were being made because of unofficial lists being circulated. 
The White House then damped down on the corps and tile Bureau of Recla­ mation. Officials were told not to give out the names of projects that passed or failed to members of Congress or the press. That information, they were told, was to come only from the White 
House. 
Witll information from the corns and reclamation bureau's initial screening. 
Moore's White House legislative team began briefing state delegations and individual members. 
No member was told how many pro­ jects had failed the test, but word leaked from the corps on Friday that more than 7o were involved — and that 
White House aides thought that too high a number. 
Political mediation 

Over the next few days a process of political mediation took place between 
‘lie Moore liaison team and the chafing congressional delegations. The Trinity 
River Project in Texas was restored in the lace of outraged protests by House 
Majority Leader Jim Wright. D-Tex 
When the W hite House finally an­ nounced the list of endangered projects oil March 22, it had been pared tit 2o. 
On Capitol Hill, members still can­ not understand where Carter’s water projects moves are going He angered such powers as Stennis and Long in the 
Senate and W right and Udall, in the 
House. 

Son Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— Saturday April 2 1977 
H 
Page 
I I -D 
GREETINGS FROM AVIV 

TKanV 

 m a - 

 you 

1 +i 

 in 
-th*. 
\rfjL4e 
Hcwse, a od 

I 
5 
\ ex <A 
' y o u o r - u o n ^ 

President Carter’s daughter, Amy, is currently sending out this post card in response to mail that she receives. On the front is her picture and on the back a brief message and her signature. — AP Wirephoto yietnam deserters may be upgraded 

I 
N EW VORK T**ES SERVICE 

W ASHINGTON — An overwhelming majority of Vietnam war era deserters will qualify to have their undesirable discharges upgraded under the terms 
.of a plan approved earlier this week by 
President Carter, Pentagon sources said Friday. 
Approximately oo,ooo of the o9,17o deserters eligib le for relief under 
Carter's plan, or more than 85 per cent, will satisfy the criteria for an automatic improvement in their dis­ charges if they apply to military dis­ charge rev iew boards for such relief within six months, the sources esti­ mated. 
Many of the approximately 92,ooo servicem en given undesirable d is­ ch a rg e s for reason s other than desertion also will qualify for automa­ tic upgrading, but an estimate of those who meet such criteria was not imme­ diately available. About 12,ooo such men already have received an upgrad­ ing from existing m ilitary review boards in the past. 

The scope and practical effect of the 
Presidents action, announced Monday by the Pentagon, is much broader than generally understood and goes a long way toward ending the official retri­ bution against those who resisted the 
Vietnam W ar. 
The discharge review program also will permit the 92.ooo servicemen with u n d esirab le d isc h a rg e s and about 
2Ho.ooo who received gen eral d is ­ charges for a wide variety of reasons to apply for upgraded discharges, but action in their e a s es w ill not be automatic. 
Only time will tell how lenient mili­ tary discharge review boards will be in these cases and how fully they will comply with the President's desire to act in a spirit of compassion. 
The President's program — worked out by his close friend. Charles IL 
Kirbo, who is an Atlanta attorney with no official position in the government 
— falls short of the blanket relief he gave to some IO.OOH draft evaders when he pardoned them on Jan. 21. 
It will also not help a relatively small 

D etective’s hom e robbed 

Police Friday were probing the theft of some $o,ooo worth of merchandise from a San Antonio theft detective's home. 
The breakin occurred in the North 
Side home of Del. David Bonier, 2o, police said. 
Included in the items taken were watches and jewelry worth a total of 

$2,5oo as well as the officer's service revolver, a pair of handcuffs and ster­ eo equipment. 
The burglary was discovered by a neighbor Thursday, police said. Police theorized entry was gained by prying open a front bedroom window. 
Ben for is the son of former Police 
( apt. Robert Belder. 

Man’s death ruled suicide 

The death of a 28-year-old man shot in the head Friday as rela tiv es watched has been ruled a suicide. 
Deputy M edical E x a m in er Dr. 
Charles Oswalt made the ruling. 

The victim. Ernest B riseis Regala­ do. 15o Pleasant Valley St., was pron­ ounced dead at Santa Rosa Hospital at 

1:41 a.in. of a gunshot wound to the head 
Police said Regalado pointed a .22 caliber pistol at his head while sitting in a parked vehicle along with three brothers and a cousin in the 5o(1 block of Santiago Street. 
The victim reportedly told the four the gun was not loaded, officers said. 

Lawm aker’s son threatened 

State Rep. Frank Madia received a letter threatening the representative s 
11-year-old son Thursday, police re­ ported. 
The letter, postmarked Wednesday iii San Antonio, was composed of let­ ters cut out of printed matter, police said. 

The youth lives with Madia’s former wife. The representative received a similar letter Eel). 24 that was also targeted agamist his son. officers re­ ported. 

Police are continuing their investi­ gation into the threats. 

 group of military resisters who might make a strong claim to have acted out of bona fide repugnance for the con­ troversial war. namely those who de­ serted (luring a lour of duty in Vietnam and those who refused to go there. 
Class relief 
However, for most deserters Carter has, in effect, abandoned tile ease-by- ease treatm ent he advocated in his campaign and given a com plex but relatively comprehensive form of class relief. 
Computerized Pentagon records in­ dicate about oo.ooo of the o9.17o deserters who accepted undesirable discharges in lieu of court martial and who did not participate in an earlier clemency program offered by Presi­ dent Ford can now expect automatic upgrading of their discharges if they meet one of the following criteria: 
• S creed satisfactorily in Southeast 
Asia before desertion. 
• Had been wounded iii action. 
• 
Had received a m ilitary decor- taion. 
• 
Had been honorably discharged alter a previous tour of duty in the armed se n ices. 

The White House presumably knew the scope and effect of the criteria for automatic upgrading because Kirbo had conferred with Pentagon officials during the policy-making process on what the military records showed. 
Unlike tin* earlier pardon for draft evaders, which was announced at the 
White House and which drew strong conservative protest, the discharge re­ view plan was left to the Pentagon to make public. 
White House press secretary Jody 
Powell said this som ew hat oblique procedure was followed because ol tile 
President's desire to make clear that the handling of such cases was left in the Defense Department, as he had said it would be. 
However, it may also have been po­ litically cautious not to associate the 
President any more directly with an act that could oxite further conserva­ tive protest and the ire of veterans organizations. 
At the same time. the argument that clemency is an affront to those who served their country has little relevance to the President's latest ac­ tion since the criteria which qualify men for upgrading involve successful military service or duty iii Vietnam before subsequent desertion. 

CPS hit by em ploye suit 

City Public Service was hit Friday with an employe suit charging harass­ ment of workers involved in union activities. 

The suit, filed in 15oth District 
Court, names CPS Personnel Dir. J. 
M. Costello, a CPS foreman, Ferdin­ and R. Hock , and the gas and electric utility itself. 
Trabajadores Local 219 of the Amer­ ican Federation of State. County and 
Municipal Employess brought the suit. 

The local alleges Costello, Rock and others interfered w ith indiv iduul rights of association and harassed those em ­ p lo y s who showed some interest in the union. 
The alleged harassment began about mid-January of this year, the com ­ plaint charges. 
Also alleged is that the utility and its representatives used public funds, places and public work time to commit the allege*! illegal acts. 
Damages of $5oo,ooo are also sought. 

IN LRD sets Friedrich hearing 

Union members striking against the 
Friedrich Air Conditioning & Refri­ geration Company Friday announced a hearing with the National Labor Rela­ tions Board has been set for June o. 
Rudy 
R odriguez. 
International 
Union of Electrical, Radio and Ma­ chine Workers, AFL-CIO Local 78o president, and muon field representa­ tive* Paul Javior outlined 29 alleged unfair labor practices filed against 
Friedrich with the NLRB. 

Contacted in Dallas Friday. Lew 
Fitzgerald, a corporation spokesman. said he had no comment on the charges or the hearing announcement. 
The union strike begun Jan. 4 The last negotiated three-year contract ended Dec. 17. 
Friedrichs is a subsidiary of Wyluin 
Corp. of Dallas. 
Tile corporation operates the San 
Antonio plants and plants in Florida and New York. 

S layin g NI ill a m y stery 

The Terrell Hills police chief said 
Friday it may be several months before he has any conclusive evi­ dence in the murder of socialite 
Joyce Stein last year. 

"W e are exp lorin g sev era l avenues and are trying lo build a fire under the investigation," said 
Chief W . C. Madison 

In the six weeks since he became chief, two investigators have been assigned to the case. Madison said. 

"I hope in the near future to present som ething to the grand jury." the chief said. He added that the "near future" could be an y­ where from 3o days to nine months or longer. 
The body of 
Mrs. 
Stein, a 
39-year-old divorcee, was found 
April 12 of last year in her fashion­ able Terrell Hills home. She had been shot twice. 

The woman had been dead for about 24 hours when her body, dressed in a negligee, was found, according to medical examiners. 

> 

The POWER of FAITH 

By W O O D I IS H M A E L 

THE BIBLE 
No. 285. Micah’s Prophecy of Christ 
The prophet Micah, 3 native of M oreshet-G ath in the lowland plain of Judah, received in the form of visions messages addressed to both Sam aria and Judah. His most startling prophecy was his vision of the coming of Christ. 
“Hear, all ye people, hearken, O earth, and all that therein is: and let the Lord God be witness against you, the Lord from his holy tem ple For. behold, the Lord com eth forth out of his place, and will com e down, and tread upon the high places of the earth. And the mountains shall be molten under him, and the valleys shall be cleft, as wax before the fire, and as the waters that are poured down a steep place" (Micah 12-4) 
Although most of Micah's prophetic messages declared the im­ m inent doom of the corrupt people of Sam aria and Judah, he did predict the eventual triumph of Christ. "The breaker is com e up before them; they have broken up. and have passed through the gate, and are gone out by it; and their king shall pass before them , and the Lord on the head of th e m ” (Micah 2:13) 

— 
1 
A P N e w s f e o r o r e s 
....................... 

UNIVERSITY 
PARK BAPTIST 
CHURCH 
JJM Cincinnati at Bandera Road 
( I block east of 
Gen M cM ullen D rive) 
Jam es M cKee. Pastor 
Terry W. W ilkins 
M inister of Music A Yourn 
S U N D AY 
8:3o A M. W orship S ervice 
9 is A M. Sunday School t i OO A M W orship S e rv irp 
5 3o P M. C h urch T ra in in g 
6:4o P.M . W orship S e rvice 
W E D N E S D A Y 
J 3o P M. P ro v e r S e rvice 
K in d e rg a rte n to r 4 4 5 y r. olds 
Supervised n u rs e ry open fo r all services 

Baptist ‘Bible fello w sh ip 

GRACE BAPTIST 
T E M P L E 
1928 Basse Rd. (N orthside) 
Phone! 732-4323—655-6533 
Wm. E. Fortson, Pastor 
Sunday School — 9:45 a rn. M o rn ing 
W orship 
TO. 45; 
T ra in in g 
Union 6:oo p m . E ve ning E ven ge listic S e rvice 6:3o p rn. 
C hurch 
N u rs e ry open e ve ry 
Service. Special w e lcom e extend ed to w eekend v is ito rs and new com ers to the city. 

W o r l d Bapti st F e l l o w s h i p 

HUISACHE 
AVENUE 
BAPTIST 
CHURCH 

1339 W. Huisache Ave 
D r. Claud J. Bonam, Pastor 
Rev. Claud J. Bonam, Jr. 
Associate Pastor 
Young People's Leader 
Choir Director 
Rev. Fred Bonam, 
Associate Pastor, 
Young Adult Teacher 
Sundav S ervices — A ll B ible Sun day School IO: oo a m 
W orship S e rvice l l OO a m 
A d u lt's 
Y oung 
People's and 
C h ild re n 's M eeting 6:3o p m 
E vening S ervice 7.3o p m. 
W ednesday 
- 
P ra y e r 
S ervice 
7.3o a m . 
45 Years in San Antonio 
Tune in D r 
C loud J 
B onam on 
K D R Y ra d io , 111o on y o u r dial 
M onday th ru S a turday 7.3o-7,45 a m 

T H I S A U IIW V 
E X P R E S S N E W S 
RELIGION 

Page 
I 2-D 

Churches of Christ 

A Special 
Invitation 
To Attend 
Church From 

Aggregate Plant 
Products Co. 

Loop 13— 1 m ile 
N orth ot H ig h w a y 9 3 t 
Ed3 111 I 

Sears, Roebuck and Co. 

Garza 
Finance Co. 

1o3 S F lo re s St 
CAA 2481 
Bexar County 
National Bank 

M e m b e r F O I C. 
Jell-Craft 
Punch Bases 

M o n u fo clu re d bv Blue Bonnet 
P otato C hip C om pony 

Assembly 

CHURCH OF 
CASTLE HILLS 

214 Roieto 
( I ' i M iles West of C e n tra l P a rk 
M all on Loop 41o) 
342-4279 
Pastor John Hagee 
Sundav School 
9 lo A M 
M o rn in g W orship 
IO 3o A M 
E ve ning W orship 
6:oo P M 
W ednesday 
C ity W ide B ib le Study & 
Y outh S ervice 
7 3o P M 
N u rse ry p ro vid e d at a ll serv ices 
The C h u rch You ve Been 
L oo king F or. 

GOSPEL 
ASSEMBLY 
P a sto r M. W H a re lip 
417 C a talina 
Just off H iid e b ra n d & IH IO 
W o rs h ip a n d B ib le F e llo w s h ip 
1o:oo A M 
W orship Sunaav Eve. /:o o p.m . 
W ednesday B ib le Study 7:3o p m 
The C h urch W ith T ru th F o r It s 
H e a rt 

A s s e m b l y of God 
FIRST 
ASSEMBLY 
OF GOD 
83o S E M ilita ry Dr 
(Between Roosevelt and Flores) 
Rev Oov Robison, Pastor 
Phone: 922 7561—924-tS87 
S U N D A Y 
S E R V IC E 
S u ndo« 
School — 9 45 a rn 
W orship - 
IO 45 O m 
J u n io r C h u rch Serv ices in A u x ilia ry A u d ito riu m tor 
C h ild re n of a il ages — IO 45 a m 
Y outh 
M eetings 
— 
6 oo a m 
E v a n g e listic 
S e rvices 
— 
7:oo p rn. 
W E D N E S D A Y 
Deeper 
Lite 
B ible S ervices - 7:3o p m 
At tended 
N u rse rie s o pe rate ail se rvices. 

OAK MEADOW 
ASSEMBLY OF 
GOD 
2714 Hunters Green 
IN W S A ) 
Phone 492 2311 
Rev Jack Robertson. Pastor 
Sundav Services 
Sundav School—9 45 a .rn 
M orning W orship— IO 45 a rn 
P raise R efly—/ OO p m 
Wed Fam ily night I 3o p m 
N U R S E R Y 
P R O V ID E D 
FOR 
A L L S E R V IC E S 
“ Come and Find Love’’ 

GLAD TIDING 
ASSEMBLY 
OF GOD 
2143 SO W W. W hite Rd 
C.oop 13) 
Jam es H Brothers, Pastor 
W oyne Vol!, Assistant Pastor 
Sunday 
S ervices 
Sunday 
School 9 45 a rn. to 12:oo noon New Concept 
•in C h ristia n E d ucation, M o rn in g 
W orship IO SO c m 
Y outh Serv ice 6 OO p m. E va n g e listic Serv ice 7 OO p m. W ednesday Serv ice. B ib le Study, 7'3o p m Rovol 
R angers and 
M issionetts 
7:3o 
D rn 
N u rse ry attendant on duty a t each se rvice 
D ay C ore and K in d e rg a rte n . 
A fa st g ro w in g s p iritu a l c h u rrt 
.w ith a vision. 

Primitive Baptist 
Churches 

EASTSIDE 
12o6 W. Mein Rd. 
Phone: 655 2927 or 333 263o 
Pastor: E ld er (D r .) J. P. Dale J r. 
Services 
2ND 
S A T U R D A Y 
N IG H T 
7 3o. 
P M 
2ND Sundav 1o.3o A M, 
4TH Sundav 1o:3o A M . 

SAN ANTONIO 
4o5 Walton Ave. 
M eets 1st, 2nd and 4th Sundays at 
1o:3o A M 
F or in fo rm a tio n call 661 7o58 a fte r 
6:oo P M 

NORTHSI DE 

18o1 West Thorain 
(One blk. E. et West Ave at Northwest Expressw ay) 
Churc h 
7.34 2197 hom e 342 58o9 
P a stor E ld e r: Sam m v Box 
M o rn in g W orship 1o:3o 
E ve ning W orship 6: 3o 
Wed. 
N ight P ro v e r M ooting 7:3o 
C hris* Said: “ Come U nto Me A ll 
Ye That Lab or And A re H eavy 
L a d e n . A n d I w ill G iv e Y o u 
R e st." M att. 11:28 

S o u t h e r n Baptist 

CASTLE HILLS 
FIRST BAPTIST 
CHURCH 

222o H W. M ilitary Hwy 
Blanco exit off Loop 41o 
“ Proclaim ing the Abundant 
Lite in Christ" 
D r George H. H a rris, Pastor ja m es H. Ennis, 
Associate P astor 
M alcolm A G rainger, 
M in iste r of M usic 
Ed R Human, 
F ield E va n g e list 
Irving Cook 
Education Director 
Helen Cade 
C h urch V is ito r 
Sundav Schools 19 3o 11:oo a rn ) 
M o rn in g W orshiD S ervices (9 3o 
& 11 oo a m 
E ve ning W orship S e rvice (7 oo 
P rn ) 
C h ris tia n T ra in in g H our (6 oo p m .) 
W ednesday P ro v e r S e rvice (7 IS p m ) 
N u rs e ry Open Jor o il se rvice s 

CRESTVIEW 
BAPTIST 
CHURCH 

W oUem at Eaglecrest—655 7451 
( I M ile East of 
Roosevelt High School) 
L o rrv t. Jones, Pastor 
Don E. Kibbe. 
Associate Pastor 
Sam M oore. Music D irector 

9 45 a rn B ible Study to r a ll ages t i oo a rn W orship S ervice 
6 OO p rn Sunday night Place 
7 OO p m E ve ning W arship Serv ice 
7.oo p m 
W ednesday 
P ro ve r 
S ervice 
N u rse ry open for all services 
Visitors welcome 
"Come Grow With Us" 

EISENHAUER 
ROAD BAPTIST 
395o Eisenhauer Road 
Phil Jewett, M inister of Music and Youth 
Sundav School — 9.3o a rn M orn ing W o rsh ip — 1o:45 a m ; C h urch 
T ra in in g — 6 oo p .m .; E ve ning 
W orship — 
7:oo p m .; 
M ission 
O rga nizatio ns — 6.3o p m . Wed nesdov, M id w e e k P ro v e r Serv ice — 7 .1 5 p m , G rad ed C h oirs, 
K in d e rg a rte n , 
Bus 
M in is try ; 
N u rse ry p rovid ed 

LACKLAND 
BAPTIST 
CHURCH 
2718 F ro n tie r D r. 
674 27o2 ja m e s O Todd. Pastor 
Stephen Heather 
M inister of Education 
Jim m y M urdock. 
Music & Youth D irector 
Sundav Services 
8 3o a rn F irs t W orship S ervice 
9 3o a rn Sundov School l l oo a rn Second W orship Serv ice 
4 OO p rn. Y outh C hoir 
5 45 a rn C hurch T ra in in g 
7 oo p m 
E ve ning 
W orship 
S ervice 
W ednesday Services 
6 3o p m 
Teachers & O ffice rs' 
M eeting Acteens G irls in A ction 
R A S & P re School, C hoir 
7 3o p m 
M id 
Week 
P ro v e r 
Service 

(N U R S E R Y O P E N FO R A L L 
S E R V IC E S ) 
G R A D E D 
CH OIRS 
(S eptem ber thro ugh A p ril) 
T u e s d a y 
— 
3 oo 4 oo p m . 
(G rades I 6) 
W ednesday 
— 
3 oo 3 45 p m. 
(G rades I 2) 

FIRST BAPTIST 
CHURCH 
515 McCullough 
"O nlv M inutes Away bv E xpressw ay" 
D r Jim m y R. Allen. Pastor 

Sunday Services- 
9 . 3o a m Sunday School 
11 OO a rn M o rn in g W orship 
6:oo p m. C hurch T ra in in g 
7 OS p rn E ve ning W orship 
/: 15 p m . W ednesday m id w e e k service (B ro a d ca st over K K Y X 
Radio and 
KSA T 
(Cha rnel 
12. l l :oo a rn S unday) 

NORTHEAST 
BAPTIST 
CHURCH 
293o Bitters Rood—824-7235 
W .H. Long—Pastor 
Clift H ard en—M usic/Y outh 
S U N D A Y S C H E D U L E : 
9 3o a rn. Bible Study (A ll ages) 
)o: SO a rn. W orship 
4:3o p.m . Youth Choir 
6:oo p.m . C h ristia n T ra in in g 
6 oo p.m . E le m e n ta ry C h oirs 
7.oo p m E ve ning W orship 
W E D N E S D A Y S C H E D U L E 
6:oo p m 
M is s io n a ry O rg a n z a lio n s 
7.3o p.m . M id w eek S e rvice 
8 2o p rn. A d u lt C hoir 

N U R S E R Y 
O P E N 
A L L 
S E R V 
ICES 
W E E K D A Y 
K IN D E R 
G A R T E N P R O G R A M 

Charismatic 

MANOR 
BAPTIST 
CHURCH 

M anor Dr at M eredith 
(2 blocks west of 
Jefferson High School) 

D r. N athan L. Stone, 
Postor 

D r. Prentess Ferrell 
Associate P asto r/ 
Christian Education 

M r Lee M oresh, 
M inister of Music 

Miss Diane H art. 
M inister of Youth & Recreation 

9 3o a rn. Sundav School 
1o:5o a m. M o rn in g w o rsh ip 
S e rm o n b v P a s to r N a th a n L ., 
Stone.' 
"The Trium phant E n try of Jesus" 

6 :o o p .m . 
E v e n in g W o r s h ip b v P a s to r N a th a n L. S to n e 
Y outh Led W orship S ervice 

7 p m W ednesday S ervice. 
S upervised n u rs e ry to ail services. 

NORTHRIDGE 
PARK BAPTIST 
CHURCH 
C h e w Chase & Eisenhauer Rd. 
TA4-o539 
James M. Reid. Postor 
9 3o a m 
Sundav School for a ll ages 
1o:55 a m 
M o rn in g 
W orship 
Service 
6 OO p.m. C h urch in tra in in g . 7 p rn. E ve ning W orship S ervice 
7.3o p m . 
W ednesday, 
P ro ve r 
S ervice 
N u rs e ry open tor all services 
V isito rs w elcom e 

PARKHILLS 
BAPTIST 
14o15 San Pedro Ave. 
Or John Barbee, Postor 
Sid W. M illegan, Education 
Llovd G o rd o , Choir Master 
Sam Sowder, M inister of Youth 
Karisha Leeper, Music A Youth 
9 JO A M S U N D A Y SCHOOL 
1o 3o A M W O R SH IP S E R V IC E 
5:45 P M . C H R IS T IA N TR A IN 
ING 
6 45 P.M . E V E N IN G S E R V IC E 
7:3o P M W E D N E S D A Y P R A Y ­ 
ER S E R V IC E 
S upervised n u rs e ry at an serv ices 

SHEARER HILLS 
BAPTIST 
CHURCH 

8o2 O B LA TE 
D r. Charles J. 
Wisdom 
Pastor 
Phillip Sitton 
M inister of Music and Adm inistration 
John M . (M a rty ) 
Brown 
M inister of Youth 
SU N D AY 
9 3o B ible Study 
IO 4o M orn ing W orship 
6 .OO M em b ers in T ra in in g 
7 OO E ve ning W orship 
W E D N E S D A Y 
6 3o p.m. Supper 
7 3o p m. Bible Study 
7:3o p m . 
S a n ctu a ry 
C hoir 
R ehearsal 

TR IN IT Y 
BAPTIST 
CHURCH 
319 E. M u lb erry 
Dr. Buckner Fanning, Pastor 
Rev. R F, (Bob) W tdem an, 
Associate Pastor 
Rev. Tom m y Lyons, 
M inister of Music 
Rev. Don McLendon, 
M inister of Education 
Rev. Danny M u rra y , 
M inister of Youth 
M r. Ben Freem an , 
M inister of Activities 
M rs. Sandra Kester, D irector of 
Special Outreach M inistries 
M rs D arlene Rogers, 
P re school D irector 
M r. J.w . Fortner, 
Business A dm inistrator 
S U N D AY 
9.3o 
A M —Sunday 
School, t i oo A M —W orship S ervice, 6.oo 
P M —C h ristia n 
E d u ca tio n ; 
7 oo 
P M —W orship S ervice 

W E D N E S D A Y 6 15 p rn — P ra y er 
S ervice 7:15 p m 
- Choir 
P ra ctice 
A ttended nu rse rie s open for a ll services. 

REVIVAL TEMPLE 
131o Texas Avenue 
John M. Bell, Pastor 
M .D . Beadles, Assistant 
Sundav School, 9:45 a rn. 
M o rn in g W orship. 1o:45 a rn 
P re se rvice p ro v e r. 6: 3o p m 
E ve ning W orship. 7:oo p m. 
W ednesday 
P ro ve r 
& 
Bible 
Study at 7 OO p.m. 

Charismatic Baptist 

CALVARY CHAPEL 
11o7 w. Hildebrand 
F. Goode Foster Pastor 

Sundav School -IO A M. 
W o rs h ip - U A M 
Sunday Eve. —7 P M 
Wed E v e —7 3o P M 
N u rse ry P rovided 

Chri sti an Church 

Disciples of Christ 

ALAMO 
HEIGHTS 
CHRISTIAN 
CHURCH 
64oo Block N. New Braunfels 
828-5728 
Rev. E a rl R. Bissex. M inister 
. P o rker E. Cross. 
Associate M inister 
8 3o a rn. W orship S ervice 
9 45 a m. C h urch School 
IO: 5o a rn. W orship S ervice 
12 oo Noon —F ellow ship 
6 p m. Y outh M eetings 
E xce lle n t N u rs e ry 
A m ple p a rk ing 

CENTRAL 
CHRISTIAN 
CHURCH 
M ain Avenue at Romano P la in 
227-5273 
M inisters: 
D r. Thomas Youngblood 
Rovce E. Mokin 
Church School: 9 :4 5 a .m . 
W orship IO: 45 a rn. 
F a m ily p ro g ra m s : 6 D.m 
N u rse ry a va ila b le 
A 
F rie n d ly w elcom e a w aits you 
P le n ty ot 
D arking 

SOUTHEAST 
CHRISTIAN 
CHURCH 
1545 G oliad RU. 
W orship Service 11: OO a rn 
Sunday School 9.3o a m. 
Youth G roup 5: 3o p rn 
H orace B. H arm on, M in is te r 

WOODLAWN 
CHRISTIAN 
CHURCH 
(D isc ip le s of C h ris t) 
West G ram ercy at Elm endorf 
(across from Woodlawn C tr.) 
17oo Fredericksburg Rd. 
Rev. B L. Brown 
Senior M inister 
Rev. Tom w . Neat, Associate 
Minister 
Sundav 
S ervice C h urch School 
9:3o. M o rn in g w o rship 1o.45. 
S erm on S u b ie c t: " H a v e I told you th at I Love Y o u "? E a s te r 
C antate: "Josep h of A rlm a tb e a ." 

E ve ning Y outh G roup, 5:3o-7:3o 

C hild co re d u rin g m o rn in g se rvice Am ple p a rk in g A frie n d iv w elcom e a w aits you 

Christi an Science 

SUBJECT OF LESSON: 
" U N R E A L IT Y ” 
FIRST CHURCH 

SOI North Alamo 
Sunday S ervice 9 3o 1o:3o t i oo- 
12 oo 
Sundav School t i OO 
W ednesday 
E ve ning 
M eeting 
8 OO 

SECOND CHURCH 
M agnolia and Belknap 
Sundav S ervice 11 OO 
Sundav School l l OO. 
W ednesday 
E ve ning 
M eeting 
8 OO 

THIRD CHURCH 

27oo S. New Braunfels 
Sundav S e rvice 11 OO 
Sundav Schoo1 11 OO. 
W ednesday 
E ve ning 
M eeting 
7 OO 

FIRST CHURCH 
(ALAMO HEIGHTS) 
1o4 C LO V ER L E A F 
Sundov S e rvice t i OO 
Sundav School l l OO. 
W ednesday 
E ve ning 
M eeting 
7:3o 
R E A D IN G ROOMS 
376 N. St. M a ry s 
Colonies North M ail 
IH IO A W urzboch Rd. 
27oo S. New Braunfels 
5o12 Broadway 

BEACON HILL 
CHURCH OF 
CHRIST 
937 W. M agnolia 
Between IH IO and US 28t 
Biti Wilson, M inister 
Bible Call Lib rary 
733 89o4 
Sundov S e rvices 
W orship IO JO o rn and 6 o.m 
B ible Classes. 
9:3o o.m 
M idw eek Bible Study. 
W ednesday. 7.3o p m 
A ch u rch near to the h e o rt of Son 
An tonio ." 
JEFFERSON 
CHURCH OF 
CHRIST 

7o7 Donaldson Avenue 
732 61o5 
J O Cash. M inister 
Bible Classes 
9 3o a rn 
W o rs h ip IO 3o A M & 6 OO P M 
Y outh 
5 OO p m 
W ednesday S ervices 
7 . 3o p m 
A ttended n u rs e ry fo r a ll m eet ings 
MCCARTHUR 
PARK 
CHURCH OF 
CHRIST 

“ The End Of Your Search 
For A Friendly Church" 
19o7 N E. Loop 41o 
Phone 824-73o1 
Doyle M aynard, M inister 
B ib le C la s s & C h ild re n s B ib le 
Hour 9 .3o A M 
W orship IO: 3o A M 1 1 6 P M to d ie s B ible Class Tuesday 
IO 
A M 
W ednesday Service!^ 7:3o P.M . 

SAN PEDRO 
CHURCH OF 
CHRIST 

872 33 o 5 -T e l. 826 2o89 
311 Jackson-Kelter at San Pedro 
G.B. Stanley, M inister 
Sundav S ervices 
Bible Classes 9 3o a rn 
W orship 
S e rvices 
1o.3o a m , 
6:oo p.m . 
W ednesday M idw eek se rvice 7.3o o.m. 
N u rse ry open d u rin g a ll serv ices. 

SUNSET RIDGE 
CHURCH OF 
CHRIST 
Brees at Em poria 
Telephone 824-4568 
M inister: Roy F. Osborne 

B ible C lasses—9: is a rn W orship 
Services — 1o:3o a rn and 6.oo p m. W ednesday Bible Classes — 
IO o.m , and 7:3o p.m. A tte nded n u rs e ry fo r all services 

. Co m m unity { h u tc h 

/VICINITY ci nm i 

875o Fourwinds Dr. 
IH 35 at Loop 41o 
"Inter-D enom inotionol 
Congregation of Believers" 
Pastor Allen Randolph 
W orship 
8:15 A M 
Bible F e llo w sh ip 
9.45 A.M . 
W orship 
1o:5o A M 
Body L ife S e rvice 
6:oo P.M 
Wednesday 
C h a rism a tic Teaching . 7.3o P M 
Thursday 
H om e M in is trie s 
7:3o P.M . 
N u rs e ry fo r a ll se rvice s 

April 2 I 977 

WINDCREST 
THE CHURCH OF 
THC RESURRECTION 

59o9 W alzem Road 655-5484 
The 
Rev. 
Jam es 
P. 
Giddings, 
Rector 
Sundav E u c h a ris t 9. OO & l l OO AM 
Sundav School IO OO A M a ll ages 
Licensed p re school & K in d e rg a rte n 

2EQ3QEEEEBS 
WAYSIDE 
CHAPEL 
2918 Vance Jackson 
Ph. 344-17o3 
8:3o A M. E a rly W orship 
9:45 A M Sundov School ll.OO A M. Late W o rship 
7 OO P.M . E ve ning S e rvice 
P a stor — Stephen P. T ro xe l 

R E D E E M E R 
LUTHERAN 
CHURCH 

(M issouri Synod) 
25o7 Fredericksburg Rd 
Telephone . 732 4U 2 
Rev. Nett M. Bockelmonn. 
Postor 
SU N D A Y 
9 15 a rn. — Sundov 
School 
& 
Bible 
Classes. 
1o:3o 
.a.m. D ivin e W orship. 

Episcopal 

Churches 

NORTHEAST 
THE CHURCH OF 
RECONCILIATION 
S ta rk e s t at B arrington in M orym ont 

8 OO a rn H o ly C om m union. 1o: 3o a rn 
M o rn in g W orship N u rs e ry and Sundav School. 
Rev. 
Joe L. 
B row n. R e ctor — 
Tel. 655 2731 or 824 221o. 

L u th e r a n 

Churches 

ASCENSION 
LUTHERAN 
CHURCH 

Vernon B rietkruetz. Pastor 
1o6o Donaldson Ave. 
(to blocks west of 
Fredericksburg Rood) 
Sundav Schedule 
Sundov School. 9.3o A M. 
W orship S ervice, 1o.3o A M 
Holy 
C om m union .fir s t 
Sundov each m onth. 
Come and w o rsh ip w ith us. 

B EIT EL 
LUTHERAN 
CHURCH 
2515 Austin H w y. 
Pastor, Ralph Abtm 

Sunday w o rsh ip se rv ic e s 
8 OO and 1o:3o a rn. A d ult class and 
Sundav school at 9.1o o.m . P ra y er and P roise on Sundav eve­ nings a t 6:3o. N u rs e ry a va ila b le . 

GRACE 
LUTHERAN 
CHURCH 

5o4 Avenue E. at McCullough 
Three Blocks North of The Alam o 
Phone: 226-9131 
Postor, Robert J. Adix 

8 oo and 1o 45 A M W o rsh ip 
9:3o A M. Sunday School 

KING OF KINGS 
LUTHERAN 
CHURCH, LCMS 
13888 Dream wood 
Telephone 656-65o8 
Henry H. B lar, Pastor 
M S. E d .; M. Div 
Sundov School and B ible Class 
9: 15 o rn. 
W orship 1o.3o a m. 
C om m union on fir s t and th ird 
Sundays. 

CONCORDIA 
LUTHERAN 
CHURCH 
1826 Basse Road 
D r. Guido M erkens 
Senior Postor 
Rev. Norm an Abbott, Vst. Postor 
Rev. Theodore G ro alm ann , Asst. 
S U N D A Y'S S C H E D U L E 
A M . 
9:oo F irs t se rvice 
IO OO Sundav School, a ll ages. t i OO Second S e rvice 
P.M . 
7 OO T h ird S ervice 
7 :oo Sundav School, ages 3 12. 

N U R S E R Y P R O V ID E D 

CHRIST CHURCH 
Belknap pf West Russell 
Sundav 
8 oo a m. Holy Communion 
9:oo o.m . Fam ily Service and 
Sundav School l l OO a.m . M orning Worship 
(1st and 3rd Sundays — Holy 
Comm union) 
— 
Tuesday 
5:oo p m Holy Communion and 
H ealing Service 

 jm w r f lT Y 
1o oo a .rn Holy Communion 
The Rev. John H. MocNoughton 
Rector 
The Rev. H e llie r T o m lin 
The Rev. M e lvin G ra y 
The Rev Sam uel Todd. J r. 
A ssociate R e ctors 
The Rev. Sam uel O rr C apers. 
D D R ector E m e ritu s 
CHURCH OF ST. 
STEPHEN 
SOUTHEAST 

3726 S. New Braunfels at IH 37 
4 M inutes from Downtown 
Phone: 534-54o9 
The Rev. Charles H. B e rry Jr., 
Rector 

S U N D A Y : 8 a.m . H oly C o m m u ­ n ion; IO a rn. E u c h a ris t/C h u rc h 
School classes, n u rs e ry 
T U E S D A Y : 7:3o p.m . E u c h a ris t/ 
H ealing. 
W E D N E S D A Y : 
IO a m 
H oly 
C om m union, 

ST. GEORGE 
EPISCOPAL 
CHURCH 
69o4 West Ave. ot M ilita ry Hwy. 
The Rev. R. Randolph Cooper. 
Rector 
Church Phone: 342 4261 
Day School Phone. 347 4263 

SU N D A Y : W orship S e rvice 9 oo a m 
Sunday School 1o IS A M 
W orship 
S e rvice i i oo 
A M. 
P ro ve r & P ra ise 7:3o P M 
W E D N E S D A Y : H e aling S ervice 
7:3o P M 
TH U R S D A Y : 
H oly 
C om m union 
6:3o A M , H e a lin g S e rvice 1o:oo 
A M. E vensong 7 OO P M 
S A T U R D A Y . 
H oly 
C o m m union 
8 oo A M B ib le Study 
ST. MARK'S 
EPISCOPAL 
CHURCH 
DOWNTOWN 
3o7 East Pecan at Travis Pork 
Phone: 226-2426 
The Rev. Stanley F. Houser, 
Rector 
The Rev John C Boll, Jr. 
The Rev. C. Don Baugh 
The Rev John R. Roen 
The Rf. Rev. J. Wilson Hunter 
S U N D A Y : 8 OO o.m . H oly Com m union 
9 3o 
A M. 
H oly 
Com m union 
(C hap el) 
IO 3o 
A M 
M o rn in g 
W orship 
& 
C h urch 
School 
M O N D A Y 
TH R U 
F R ID A Y : 
8 3o 
A M 
M o rn in g 
P ro v e r, 
(C hap el). 
F R ID A Y 
1o:45 A M. H ealing 
Service, (C h u rch ) 
11 oo 
A M. 
H oly 
C om m union, 
(C hurch) 

ST. PA UL’S 
EPISCOPAL 
CHURCH 
East Grayson at Willow 

S u n d a y M a s s e s (1928 P r o v e r 
Book ) 8:3o and IO: 3o a m. 
'W ednesday M ass, IO a m. 
M a jo r Feast Days. 7 and IO a rn. 
■and 7:3o p rn. 
C onfessions S a turday l l OO A.M . - Noon 

M e tho d is t 
Churches 

ALAMO 
HEIGHTS 
METHODIST 
CHURCH 
51o1 Broadway 
826-3215 
M inisters 
O r. Calvin W. Froehner 
R everend H arold C. Perdue 
Reverend W orry C. B am berger 
Reverend Jock C. Bush, Sr. 
P a lm Sundav w ill be a w o n d e rfu l day at A lam o H eights M ethodist. 
A s p irit of e xcite m e n t and cele b ra tlo n w ill m a rk ail th re e w or ship hours, 8:3o, 9;3o and 1o:55 a.m ., as cong re g a tio n s assem ble to beg in th e a c tiv itie s of H o ly 
Week. There w ill be iovous Lea ten m usic by o u r choirs. 
D r 
F ro e h n e r w ill co n tin u e the 
"M Y F A V O R IT E S C R IP T U R E " 
Series, w ith the tenth m essage: 
TH E BASIN A N D TH E TO W EL 
B ib lic a l T e xt. John 13:1-17 
A service of C o n firm a tio n w ill be conducted at the 1o:55 se rvice , as a w o n d e rfu l a ro u p of boys and g irls are re ce ive d in to the m e m b e rsh ip of the ch u rch 
C h u rch School cla sses fo r o il ages m eet a t 9 :3 o a m . C h ild ca re 
Is p ro vid e d d u rin g all services. 
S u n d a v e v e n in g a c tiv itie s to r 

TRAVIS PARK 
UNITED 
METHODIST 
CHURCH 

73o E. T ravis SI 
Phone 
226-8341 
M IN IS T E R : D r. Ralph H. Setter 

You o re w e lcom e to San A nte nio's G rea t dow ntow n M eth odist 
C hurch located In the h e a rt of the c ity to r 
I JO v e o rs 
O nly m inutes aw ay bv E xp re ssw a ys and F R E E P A R K IN G across the street. 
W OR SH IP S E R V IC E S at IO 5o 
A M. and 7:oo P.M. 
D r Ralph H. S eller p re a c h in g at 
1o.5o A M on "N E C E S S IT Y TO 
W ITN ES S" 
12:oo H oly C om m union C h ild e rs 
Chapel 
9.3o A M C h urch School Classes to r all noes 
4:3o P M Y outh A c tiv itie s B egin 
7 :o o P .M . E v e n in g W o r s h ip 
"W A L K IN G TO E M M A U S " M ill ti M edia P resen tation 

4th 12th p m . g ra d e s begin at 
4:3o 

CHRIST 
LUTHERAN 
CHURCH 

67o2 Broadw ay in Alam o H g tj. 
The Rev. A rthur E. Rode 
The Rev. H arold Moench. 
Pastors * 
F irs t S e rvice —8: OO a rn Sundav 
Sundav S chool—9:15 a rn 
Second S e rvice — IO 3o a rn 

ASBURY 
UNI TED 
METHODIST 
CHURCH 
46o1 San Pedro Ave. 
Phone: 733-o431 
Rev. Wesley N, Schulze, Pastor 
C h urch School: 9.3o a rn. 
S undav W o rsh ip : 1o:5o o.m . 

I I i i * ( h u n Ii o f t l i r 

 l r i i Tf r i l l \ l u ' i i r I 

COLONIAL 
HILLS UNITED 
METHODIST 
CHURCH 

5247 Vance Jackson Rd. 
(N orth of Loop 41o) 
349-24o1 
Rev. W illiam M. Easum , Pastor 
Delbert Brawn. Associate Postor 
9 45 o.m C h urch School 
8:45 a.m . and l l o.m. M o rn in g 
W orship. 
6:3o p m 
U .M .Y .F . P ro g ra m &. 
Supper 
Tues. 7:3o p m. Bible Study 
•6: 3o p m. Wed. Y outh (.n o ir 
C all 
696 5oo2 fo r in fo rm a tio n 
N u rse ry fo r a ll a c tiv itie s 
LA TR INIDAD 
UNI TED 
METHODIST 
CHURCH 

3oo Son Fernando at Pecos 
Phone: 227-o546; 734-9692 
Pastor: Rev. A. Ted G rout Q 
Sundov W orship S ervices: 
1o:5o A M . C U L TO DE A D O R 
A C IO N P a lm S undav S e rm o n . 
Rev A, Ted G ro u t Q 
7:oo P M. CU ETO V E S P E R T IN O 
E V A N G E L IST ICO S erm on: Rev. 
A 
Ted G rou t Q 
9:3o A.M. E s c u d o D o m in ica ! en 
Ingles v E spanol p a ra lo d o s las edades. (Sundav School in Eng lish and Spanish fo r all ages.) 
1 2 :oo N O O N U M Y F 
Y O U T H 
CHOIR A N N U A L FISH F R Y im r ie d ia te lv a f te r th e m o rn in g service today, 
4.3o 
P M 
Y O U T H 
C H O IR 
R E H E A R S A L 
6:oo 
P.M . R eunion de G ru p o s 
(d iffe re n t C h u rch G roups m eet.) 
J O L Y 
W E E K 
A C T IV IT IE S : 
P A L M S U N D A Y S e rv ic e 1o:5o 
A M 
M onday th ru F rid a y (4 8) 
E V E N IN G S E R V IC E S E V E R Y 
N IG H T , w ith a Special S e rvice in ih e E v e n in g fo r G ood F rid a y . 
T im e : 7:3o p.m. 
E A S T E R S U N D A Y : 
7:oo A M 
CHRIST IN TH E PASSO VER d ra m a presented bv the Joru s a le m P lo v e rs ; fo llo w e d b v a b re a kfa st fo r the Congregator!. 
E A S T E R 
S E R V IC E S 
W IL L 
B E G IN 
AT 
1o:3o A M instead of the usual tim e. 
LAUREL 
HEIGHTS 
UNITED 
METHODIST 
CHURCH 

227 West Woodlawn at Belknap 
733-7156 
M inisters 
Rev Charles L. Giesler 
Rev. Albert E. Loudon 
Rev Robert E. Parsons 
Henry Holloway. 
D irector of Music 
John C. Schmidt, Organist 
W orship S ervices 8:3o and 1o:5o a m . m, 
R everend 
C harles 
L. 
G iesler 
P re a ch in g 
"A N O P E N P R O C L A M A T IO N " 
C h urch School for A ll Ages 9.45 

C h ild re n 's V e s p e r S e rv ic e , 5 oo p m. Sundav 

HAT FIEL D 
CHURCH OF 
THE NAZARENE 

4515 S. Flores 
E E. Rhodes, Postor 
J.W. C antrell, Associate 

Sundav S ervices S undav School 
9 45 a .m .: 
M o rn in g 
W orship 
1o 5o o rn 
(C h ild re n s W orship 
Service — 4 y rs th ru the 4th g rade) 
Y outh 
S ervices 
6 OO a rn.. E ve ning S ervice 7:oo a m 
W ednesday P ro v e r M eeting. 7 IO p.m. 
(M is s io n a ry 
M eeting lost 
W ednesday of m onth). 
N u rse ry Is open fo r all re g u la r services 

A CHUR CH W H E R E EVC RY- 
BODY IS W E LC O M E - NO B IG 
SHOTS. 
NO 
U N IM P O R T A N T 
P E O P LC " 

Non D e n o m in a tio n a l 

THE LITTLE 
CHURCH OF 
LA VILLITA 

Non-Denominational 
5o8 Villita St. 
Rev. David W. Edmunds. 
Pastor 

Sunday W orship S ervice 
— l l a rn 
Sundav E ve m na S e rv ic e -6 p m 
M id week 
H e aling and 
P ro v e r 
Services. W ednesday night 7:3o 
O rn 
T hursday m o rn in g 11:oo a m 

P r e s b y t e ria n 
Churches 

ALAMO 
HEIGHTS 
PRESBYTERIAN 
CHURCH 
62o1 Broadway 
Newton P. Cox, Jr. 
Minister 
Phone: 824-o771 

C hurch School 
9:3o A M . 
Fellow ship T im e 
1o:3o A M 
P a lm S u n d a v A p ril 3 rd 11:oo 
A M. C om bined th o irs m u s lro l - 
M ass in G ” bv F ranz Schubert, f n q li s h 
N a r r a t io n b v 
T h e 
R everend N ew ton P. Cox, j r . 
M aundy Thu rsda y - A p ril 7, 7:3ft p .m . R e c e p tio n of m e m b e rs 
C o m m u n ic a n t’ s 
C la s s . 
T h e 
S acram ent of the L o rd s Supper. 

BEACON HILL 
PRESBYTERIAN 
CHURCH 

HOI West Woodlawn 

I 
733-7169 
M inister . Rev. Joe M. Owen 
Sundav School 9.45 a rn. 
W orship S e rvice t i . oo a.rn. 

COVENANT 
PRESBYTERIAN 
211 Roieto & N.W . Loop 41o 
(A t Honeysuckle exit) 
Edwin W althall, Pastor 
Phone: 342-5253 

9.3o a m. C h urch School for all ages. 
1o.45 o.m 
M o rn in g 
W orship 
S ervice 
CHRIST 
PRESBYTERIAN 
CHURCH 
(Unaffililated) 
544o Vance Jackson Rd 
I 12 miles North of Loop 41o on Vance Jackson 
Rev. J. G rant M cM illan, Pastor 

FAITH 
^ 
CUMBERLAND p r e s b y t e r i a n 
CHURCH 
7815 Oakton D r. 
(Beside Lee High School) 
Phone 342-616o 
Rev. • . E a rl Willoughby. 
M inister 
WHO SO E V E R W IL L M A Y 
CCM E 
Sundov School 9 45 a m 
W orship S ervice 11:oo o.m. 
C P .Y E . Youth Group 6:3o p m 
MADISON 
SQUARE 
UNITED p r e s b y t e r i a n 
CHURCH U.S.A. e 
319 Camden at Lexington 
Phone 
226-6254 
W illiam P. Lytle O O., Pastor 
Edwin Rleke. D MA. 
O rganist. Choirm aster 
Loren Stenberg 
Assistant in Christian 
E d ucation 

9:3o o.m 
C h urch School. I I <*4 a rn. W orship S e rvice 
N u rs e ry p rovid ed 
* 
« 
5:oo P.M. C h oriste rs 
5:3o 
P.M. 
Senior 
H igh 
Y o utht 
G roup 
_ 
* 
5:45 P M 
Jr. H igh Youth G roup* 
C h ild ren 's C enter 226197o. 
(W ee*days 6: 3o o rn 6 OO p m ) I 
’ rn : v -*• 
.* 
NORTHWOOD 
PRESBYTERIAN; 
CHURCH 
518 Pike Place 
824 7238 
W orship Serv rte, l l a rn 
* C hurch School. 9:45 a rn 

Serm on bv G eprge M auze 
"T H E TH R B E C R O S S ES" 
M aundy Thursdav7v3.o p rn S er­ v ic e bv Rev. D onnie Faulk. 
E A S T E R S U N D A Y 
Two services 8:3o a rn and 11:oo a m. — Rev. Donnie F au lk. 

-ST. ANDREW 
PRESBYTERIAN 
CHURCH 
8231 Callaghan Rd 
(N e a r 1-1o at 41o) 
M inister, W illiam C. Mounts 
C hurch School ■ 9: 3o A M 
W orship Servic e • 11 OO A M 
E a rly L e a rn in g Center Ages 2. 3, and 4 Mon. F ri. 9 a.rn.-12 noon 

R el i gi ous Sil e n c e 

CHURCH OF 
TRUTH 
A m em ber C h urch of R eligious 
Science Los A ngeles. C a lifo rn ia 
D* 
E rnest 
H olm es. 
Fou nder. p u b lis h e r of the Science of M ind 
M agazine 
Sundays. 
IO 45 a n j 
Services *o OO o rn 
W ord of the 
Week 
Classes on m eta phvsia s cmd p ra c tic a l C h ris tia n ity 
IO OO a rn 
Junior C h urch classes (ah si hool g ra d e s!. 
C h ild 
<o*e fa cilitie s 
D r 
Au Crew 
Hanaer 
M inister 
(874-7451 1. 
San 
P e dro 
Playhouse 
San 
A ntonio 
P a rk 
(D ial a 
Blessing, a re co rd e d m editation 
878 558!). 
W AR M 
W ELCO M E 
A W A ITS YOU Sud dov m o rn in o 

 a m 
7:oo 
W ed 

C hurch 
School, 
IO oo 
W orship S ervice, t i a m p rn. 
M idw eek 
S ervices nesdav 7 3o 
We a re co n se rva tive , evan gel teal and autonom ous, h a vin g no connection w ith the N a tio n a l or 
W orld C ouncil of C h urch es 
We hold to the histo ric P re s b y te ria n belief that the Bible is the in spired W ord on God and the only in fa llib le ru le of fa ith and p ra c ­ tice 
O ur c h u rc h o ffe rs a s p iritu a l hom e to a ll w ho de sire to hear the w o rd of God w ith o u t com prom ise. 

HOPE 
LUTHERAN 
CHURCH (ALC) 
5714 Callaghan Rd. 
(3 blocks south of Loop 41o) 
433-7475 — 435-97o) 
Rev. Robert P. Thronson 
Rev. Delm os L. Luedke 
W orship S e rvices 8:15 & 
1o:45 a rn 
A dult Class and Sundav School 
9.3o a rn 
N u rse ry p ro vid e d to r both W o r­ ship Services. 
H oly C om m union — F irs t Sundov and T h ird Sundov 

MacARTHU R 
PARK 
LUTHERAN 
CHURCH 

"Th e Hom e-Like Church" 
29o3 Nacogdoches Rd 
(7 biks. No of Loop 41o) 
Ph. 824 7)35 
Pastor G.W . Schwgnenberg 
Assoc. Postor C. Zim m erm an 
Sundav W orship 8 3o & H o r n 
Sunday School: 9.3o a rn (to r a ll ages). 
(N u rs e ry p ro vid e d all 3 h o u rs) 
M ilita ry 
P e rson nel e sp e cia lly w elcom e 

ST. JOHN'S 
LUTHERAN 
CHURCH 

5o2 E Nuevo St 
San Anfnnin. Texas 782o5 
Phone . 223 2611 
DO W NTOW N — '2 block west of 
H e m isF a ir 
Roald E B ra u lic k and N o rm a n H. 
A lbertson, P astors. 

S U N D A Y , 
A p ril 
3, 
1977 
P alm 
Sundav 
C om m union 
S e rvices 
8:15 and 
1o:45. 
Sundav School 9:3o a rn 
/A a u n d v T h u rs d a y , A p r il 7 th , 
C om m union S e rvice 7 p m 
Good F rid a y 
G erm an C o m m union S ervice, 9 a rn. 
E n g lis h C o m m u n io n S e rv ic e 
1o:3o a m 
C om m union S e rvice 7.3o o rn 

ST. L U K E ’S 
LUTHERAN 
CHURCH 
"T h e Friendly Church" 
514 Santo M onica St., 735-o591 
I block w of San Pedro 
Pastor w. J. Buck 
(Chaplain. Col, USA F, Ret.) 
Pastor Em eritus J.F . Vorkoper 
W orship 
S ervice 
IO 45 a rn 
(N u rse ry p ro v id e d ) 
Sundav 
School 
9 3o a m. 
(o il ages) 
C ounseling S e rvices offe re d 

ST. JOHN’S 
UNITED 
METHODIST 
CHURCH 

Northwest San Antonio. 
I l l Cloudcroft at Bandera Rd. 
Telephone: 433-7639 
Rev. Albert M erubio. Pastor 

P A L M S U N D A Y 
E a rly W orship S e rvice 8:3o a rn 
"Church 
School classes for o il ages, 9,3o a m 
M orn ing W orship S e rvice IO 5o a rn 
C om m union w ill be served at both services 
Y o uth A c tiv itie s — V e rv Special 
P ro g ra m ! 5:3o p rn 

You o re c o rd ia lly in vite d to wor ship w ith us. 
N U R S E R Y 
PRO 
V ID E O FOR A L L S E R V IC E S 
ST. M A T T H E W ’S 
UNITED 
METHODIST 
CHURCH 

2738 Bitters Road 
656-125o 
(Between Nacogdoches and B roadw ay) 
The Rev. Moi H ierholzer, 
M inister 
The Rev. Winn Alley, 
Intern M inister 
S U N D A Y S C H E D U L E 
(N u rse ry A v a ila b le fo r A ll Sun­ day E ve nts) 
8 3o o rn E A R L Y S E R V IC E 
9.1o a m 
C h urch School (A L L 
AGES) 
o 5o a rn. 
P R IN C IP A L 
SE R V 
ICE 
4:3o p m Y outh C hoirs P ra c tic e 
5:3o p m 
Snack 
S upper for 
Youth 
6 oo p m 
U M Y F . to r youth 
7th 12th grades 
7:oo p m 
E V E N IN G W O R S H IP 
SE R V IC E 
R E G U LA R 
A C T IV IT IE S 
IN 
C L U D E : S undav School Classes fro m age 2 yrs. w ith 6 A d u lt classes; 5 C h oirs fo r ages 5 yrs. th ru A d u lt; and soecial a c tiv itie s fo r Y outh, Senior C itizens, C ol­ lege, C a re e r. Singles, and Y oung 
Adult groups. 
C O M M U N IO N EACH F R ID A Y at 
6 JO o.m . w ith b re a k fa s t fe llo w ­ ship fo llow ing. 
WOODLAWN 
UNITED 
METHODIST 
CHURCH 

17o1 West Woodlawn Ave. 
Senior Pastor: 
Rev. Paul A Grout Q. 
Associate Postor: 
D r. E lm er J. Hierholzer 
Lay Pastoral Visitors: M r. Bob 
Hasbrook, M r. Carroll Sigmon 

S U N D AY S E R V IC E S 
Sundav W orship 9 A M 
New Lockhtll Elem entary School 
Cafetorium 
5o5o De Zavola Rd. 
Second Service 1o.5o A .M . 
17o1 W. Woodlawn 
U .M .Y . Each Sunday 4 to 6 P.M . 
5o84 De Zavala Rd. 

FIRST 
PRESBYTERIAN 
CHURCH 
North Alam o and Fourth Sis. 

M IN IS T E R S : 
Louis H. Zbinden Jr. 
Richard G Ryan 
Robert H. Bullock, H R , Teaching 
M inister. 
G eorge M auze 

M inister Em eritus 
D r. Bess Hieronym us, 
O rganist-Choir Director 

P A L M S U N D A Y : 9 a m. W orsm p in G u th rie B ry a n t Chapel led bv 
D r. R ya n ; 9:3o a.m . School of th e C h u rc h ; l l a m . W o rs h ip , serm on bv D r. Z binden ; "T H E 
T H IN G S 
H E 
D ID 
T A L K 
A B O U T -P E A C E "; P ro c e s s io n a l of the C h o irs; Coffee F e llo w sh ip 
H o ur in M c C u llo u g h R oom fo l­ lo w in g w o rs h ip ; 
N u rs e ry a n d 
C hild C a re d u rin g w o rs h ip and s tu d y h o u rs ; 4 :3 o p .m . C h il­ d re n 's C h o ir ll 
R e h e a rs a l; 6 p.m. Y outh M eetings and supper in hom es; M O N D A Y , T U E S D A Y , 
A N D 
W E D N E S D A Y : 
1 2 :o 5 p . rn .-1 2 :3 5 p .m . 
H o ly 
W e e k 
D e v o tio n s in G u th r ie - B r y a n t 
Chapel led bv the th re e m in is te rs 
OD T H E M E A N IN G O F 
T H E 
•CROSS; 
Luncheon in d in in g room follo w s; 
M A U N D Y 
T H U R S D A Y : 
7 :1 5 a rn. M en's P ro ve r B re a k fa s t; 5 p rn. Session m eeting w ith C om ­ m u n ic a n ts ' C la s s ; 6 :1 5 
D in 
E aster F ellow ship D in n e r; 7 :3o p.m. W orship in the S a n c tu a ry ; 
C e le b ra tio n of the L o rd s Sud p e r; special m usic, rece p tio n of m e m b e rs o f th e C o m m u n ic o tion's Class; M e d ita tio n bv D r. 
Zbinden; 
G OO D F R ID A Y : 
12:3o p .rn,-2 p m. A Good F rid a y S e rvice of re fle ctio n and m e d ita tio n led bv th e m in is te r s in th e G u th r ie 
B ry a n t Chapel. 

KOREAN 
PRESBYTERIAN 
CHURCH or 
CONGREGATION: 
1 W ON JOON L IM , Pastor : 
S U N D A Y : W o rs h ip in G u th rie 
B ry a n t C h apel of F irs t P re s b y ­ ter ion C hurch, N o rth A la m o and 
F ou rth Sts., led bv the Rev. M r. 
L im : 
T U E S D A Y A N D W E D N E S D A Y e v e n in g s 7 p m , B ib le s tu d y : 
TH U R SD A Y I p m . B ible S tudy: 
F or fu rth e r in fo rm a tio n and loco lio n of Bible study ca ll Rev L im at 826 4992. 

Seventh-Day Adventis 

LAUREL 
HEIGHTS 
SEVENTH DAY 
ADVENTIST 
CHURCH 

7o3 West Ashby Pl 
(opposite Son Pedro P o rk ) 
732 6898 
Robert Wood. Postor 
David Evans, Associate Pastor 
S aturday 
S ervices. 
S a bbath 
School 9'3o o.m . D evine W orship 
11:oo a m . Y outh M eeting I H r. before sunset 
P ro v e r 
M eeting. 
W ednesday 
7:3o p.m. 
D o rca s 
W elfare Society 
Tuesday 
IO .OO n m. Sundav AM 
V O IC E OF H R O P H LC Y 
K K Y X 

United Church of. Christ 

 t h e U n ite d C h u rc h o f C h r is t c o n tin u e s th e m in is tr ie s o f th e 
C o n g r e g a tio n a l 
C h r is tia n 
C h u rc h e s a n d th e E v a n g e lic a l' and R eform ed C h u rch Since 1957. 

BETHANY 
611 E M yrtle St. at N. 

Kendall (6 Blocks 
North of IH-35 

 between McCullough 
& St. M a ry 's ) 
226-2655 

Rev. John B Culver, pastor 
W orship, 
1o:45 o.m . 
C h urch 
School 
9 3o a m . 
A d ult 
B ible 
Class, 9 JO a rn 

COMMUNITY 
443 Hunnicutt Dr. (W W. White 
Rd , Loop 13, at IM IO) 
333 )6o3 
Rev Thomas N W ord 
Worship, IO 3o a rn 

PILGRIM CON­ 
GREGATIONAL 
SOO P ilgrim Dr. (7 Blocks South of Loop 41o, I block West of 
Vance Jackson) 
342 6o34 
Rev. A rthur W. Stark, pastor 
Sundov 
School. 
9 45 
D ivin e 
W orship S e rvice 11: OO a rn. 

Affiliated with Unity 
School — Silent U nity— 
Doily Word M agazine 
Sunday se rvice s l l a m at 1723 
Law ndale 
Dr 
(W est off 
81oo’ 
B road w ay) 
Sundav School 9:3o a rn . 
A d ult 
Class 
9:3o a m 
M editation 
IO 35 a rn 
Y outh 
Class l l a m 
T h u rsd a y. T ru th 
Class 1o:3o a m O ffice open IO to 
4 
M onday th ru 
T hu rsda y 
824 
7351) 
N o rm a n Olson, 
M in iste r 
(B ulletin sent on reauest I 
’ 

U n i t a r i a n 

FIRST 
UNITARIAN 
CHURCH 

8o7 Beryl Dr. 
Phone, 344-469$ 
C hurch School and n u rs e ry 
IO 3o a rn 
M o rn in g S ervice 
IO 3o a rn 
M in is te r; Rev Rolfe G e rh a rd ) 

S e rm o n : “ T E R R O R IS M A N D 
TH E JIH A D " 

W e sle y a n Church 

WESLEYAN 
CHURCH 
391o West Avenue 
344-6393 
E dw ard D. Angelo. Pastor 
M ike W alters, Youth Postor , 
Sundav: C h urch School 9 45 a rn 
W orship S ervice l l :OO a .rn 
E vening S ervice 7:oo D . m 
W ednesday, B ible Study and 
P ro v e r 7:3o p.m. 

Church Directory 
On Next Page 

 t 

Church 
Directory 

For former Information on churches listed below — see ads appearing on this page 

Church of Castle Hills 
214 Balata 
Gospel Assem bly 
417 Catalina 
First Assembly of God 
MO S E Military Or. 
Oak Meadow Assem bly of 
God 
2714 Hunters Green 
Glad Tidings Assembly of 
God 
2143 So. W W. While Rd. 

Primitive Baptist Church 
4o4 Walton Ave. 
Castte Hills First Baptist 
222o N.W. Military Hwy 
Crestview Baptist 
Wolzem at Eaglecrect 
Eisenhauer Rd. Baptist 
395o Eisenhauer Rd. 
First Baptist 
SIS McCullough 
Lackland Baptist 
2718 Frontier Dr. 
Northridge Park Baptist 
Chevy Chase A Eisenhauer 
Rd. 

Manor Baptist 
Manor Dr. at Meredith 
Northeast Baptist 
2*3o Bitters Rd. 
Porkhills Baptist 
14o15 San Pedro Ave. 
Shearer Hills Baptist 
8o2 Oblate 
University Pork Baptist 
23o8 Cincinnati 
Trinity Baptist 
319 E. Mulberry 
Grace Baptist Temple 
1928 Basse Rd. 
Huisache Avenue Baptist 
1339 W. Huisache Ave. 

Revival Temple 
131o Texas Ave. 
C alvary Chapel 
'11o7 w Hildebrand 
Alam o Heights Christian 
MOO Block N. New 
Braunfels 
Central Christian 
Main Ave. at Rom ano 
Plaza 
Community Christian 
Church 
Live Oak Elem. School 
Old Soonish Tr. & Welcome 
Dr. 
Woodlawn Christian 
17oo Fredericksburg Rd 
First Church of 
Christ Scientist 
SOI N. Alamo 
Second Church of 
Christ Scientist 
Magnolia — Belknap 
Third Church of 
Christ Scientist 
27oo S. New Braunfels 
First Church (Alam o 
Heights) of Christ Scientist 
1o4 Cloverleaf 
Beacon Hill Church of 
Christ 
937 W. Magnolia 
San Pedro Church of Christ 
311 Jackson Keller 
Jefferson Church of Christ 
7o2 Donaldson Ave. 
Sunset Ridge Church of 
Christ 
Brees at Em poria 
Trinity Church 
87So Fourwinds 
Christ Episcopal Church 
Belknap of West Russell 
The Church of 
Reconciliation 
94o1 Starkest 
Church of St. Stephen 
3724 S. New Braunfels at 
IH 37 

St. George kD'scooal 
Church 
49o4 West Ave at Military 
Hwy. 
St. Luke s Episcopal 
Corona & Devine Rd 
St. M ark Episcopal Church 
3o7 E. Pecan 
St. Paul s Episcopal 
Church 
1o18 E. Grayson 
W ayside Chapel 
2918 Vance Jackson 
Ascension Lutheran 
1o4o Donaldson 
Boite) Lutheran 
2515 Austin Hwy. 
Grace Lutheran 
Avenue E at McCullough 
Christ Lutheran 
472o Broadway 
King of Kings Lutheran 
13888 Dreamwood 
Concordia Lutheran 
1824 Bosse Rd. 
Hope Lutheran 
5714 Callaghan Rd. 
M acArthur Park Lutheran 
29o3 Nacogdoches Rd. 
Mf. Calvary Evangelical 
Lutheran Church 
3o8 Mount Calvary Dr. 
St. John Lutheran 
5o2 E. Nuevo St. 
St. Luke's Lutheran 
S14 Santa Monica 
Redeemer Lutheran 
25o7 Fredericksburg Rd. 
Alamo Heights Methodist 
5)o1 Broadway 
Asbury United 
Methodist Churcn 
46o1 San Pedro 
Aldersgote United 
Methodist 
Koyton at Palmetto 
Colonial Hills 
United Methodist 
5247 Vonce Jackson 
Lo Trinidad United 
Methodist 
San Fernando y Pecos 
Laurel Heights United 
Methodist 
227 West Woodlawn 
St. John s United Methodist^ 
111 Cloudcroft Dr. 
St. Matthew's United 
Methodist 
2738 Bitiers Rd. 
Travis Pork United 
Methodist 
23o East Travis 
Woodlawn United 
Methodist 
17o1 West Woodlawn 
Hatfield Church 
Of the Nazarene 
4515 S. Flores 
The Little Church of Lo 
Villita 
5o8 Villita 
Alam o Heights 
Presbyterian 
62o1 Broadway 
Faith Cumberland 
PresSytecion Church 
7815 Oakton Dr. 
First Presbyterian 
North Alam o and Fourth 
Sts. 
Beacon Hill Presbyterian l i d West Woodlawn 
Covenant Presbyterian 
211 Roleto A N.W. Loop 41o 
Christ Presbyterian 
544o Vance Jackson Rd. 
Madison Square United 
Presbyterian 
319 Camden at Lexington 
Northwood Presbyterian 
518 Pike Place 
St. Andrew Presbyterian 
8231 Callaghan Rd. 
Laurel Heights 
Seventh Day Adventist 
2o3 Ashby Pl. 
Bethany United Church of 
Christ 
611 St. Myrtle St. 
Community United Church pf Christ 
4443 Hunnicutt Or. 
Pilgrim Congregational 
5oo Pilgrim Dr. 
Unity Church 
1723 Lawndale Dr. 
First Unitarian 
IH IO—Loop 41o at Beryl 
RU- 
Wesleyan Church 
391o West Ave. 
Southeast Christian Church 
1545 Go ll od Rd 

Church opening set next week 

The Northside Church of Christ, 16318 San P e­ dro Ave., will conduct dedication services at its new facilities at 7:3o p.m. 
M onday th r o u g h VVed- needay. 
The new sanctuary will be dedicated at I p.m. 
Sunday. Prior to the de­ d ic a tio n s e rv ic e , th e c o n g re g a tio n w ill o b ­ serve its Bible study at 9 a m. and worship service at IO a m. 
J o h n 
L o w ry , the m in i s te r of the new co n g reg atio n , will p r e ­ side at both m orning and evening services. 
During the nightly de­ dication services, Eldred 
Stevens will sp e ak on 
M onday n ig h t. J i m 
Dobbs on Tuesday night and Lanny Henninger on 
Wednesday night. 

Robert Carver will d ir­ ect the song services at each of the meetings. 
T he c h u r c h is s p o n ­ sored by the San Pedro 
Churck of Christ at. 3ll 
J a c k s o n - K e lle r R oad. 
The public is invited to attend the services. 

. Son Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— Soturdoy April 2 1977 
Page I 3-D rn i» i tm— tmmmmmmmiw n iron i luiiiwi-miBi i —»• 

JOHN LOWRY 
Talmadge to speak at citadel 

A le a d in g S alv a tio n 
A rm y e v a n g e lis t, Col. 
C harles T alm ad g e will hold an E a s te r Season 
Revival at the Salvation 
Army Citadel, 111) Mc­ 
Cullough Ave. 
. Col. T a lm a d g e w ill p re a c h 
W e d n es d a y through S atu rd a y at 7 p.m. at the citadel. 
He will also preach at ll a.m. and 6 p.m . next 
Sunday on “ Where Jesus 
W alked.” 
In addition. Talm adge and his wife will preach in front of the Alamo at 5 p.m. E aster Sunday. 
The public is invited to all the services. 
Col. T a lm a d g e , who has been with the Salva­ tion Arm y since 1932, is currently living in Atlan­ ta. 
F amily is here to stay 

■y 
% 
After a four-year study of blue collar population in a major metropolitan area, sociologists Vern Bengston and Alan Acock of the University of Southern California conclude that “ the family unit represents a valuable resource in a fast changing socie­ ty’’ and that “the anxious hand-wringing over the decline of the American family is absolute baloney.” 
It w as a p o p u la r fad among students of socie­ ty a few y e a r s ago to p red ict th e decline and disappearance of the fa­ mily unit. The social ac­ ce p ta b ility of n o n - m a r ­ riag e rela tio n sh ip s and the g ro w in g n u m b e r of s in g l e - p a r e n t f a m ilie s , contributed to th at con­ clusion. 
S tu d ie s su c h a s th e 
B e n g sto n -A co c k stu d y e x a m in in g in -d ep th in ­ terview s in a cross se c­ tion of the society, how­ ever, have reached oppo­ site conclusions. 
The fam ily is here to stay. 
Fathers 
Not only are the studies revealing that the family is here to stay, but also th a t f a th e r s in flu e n c e their children more than m o th ers in religious be­ havior. 
The idea th a t fath e rs set the pace for the total b e h a v io r p a t t e r n s of c h ild r e n , h o w e v e r, is dispelled by this study. 
M others have su b stan ­ tia lly m o re in flu e n c e than fath ers concerning the content of religious beliefs, attitudes toward law and order and work as w ell a s a t titu d e s to w ard sex u al m a tte r s and social change. 
The pattern of religious b eh a v io r of the fa th e r, however, is pivotal in in­ fluencing the children. 
Religious 
This is especially true at the point of the depth of religious convictions. 
Only 4.4 p e r c e n t of parents who never attend c h u rc h h a v e c h ild r e n w ho attend at least once a month. 
Of p a rt p a r e n ts who a tte n d m o st re g u la rly , 
23.8 p e r c e n t d is c o v e r that their children attend less often than the p a r ­ ents. 
A clear model of both parents’ participation in­ creases the possibilities that the child will also participate. 
T he so c io lo g ists also conclude th a t “ the p a r ­ ents can do even better if they practice their re li­ gious or non-religious at­ titudes . . . thus behavior is not on’y most effective for t r a n s m i t t i n g r e l i ­ gious behavior but also for t r a n s m i t t i n g r e l i ­ gious attitudes.” 

Jimmy R. 
Factor. 
First Baptist Church 

Celebrities to get awards 

Remember When "Comics” 

Were "Funnies”? 

THEY STILL ARE! 

In the Sunday Express-News 

C o n te m p o r a r y s o c io ­ logy is discovering what ancient P roverbs m eant when said, “ T rain up a c h ild in th e w ay he should go, and when he is old, he will not d e p a rt from it.” (Proverbs 22:6) 
It was encouraging to som e p are n ts to realize that the survey rev eals th a t a ffe c tio n b etw een g e n e ra tio n s is in c r e a s ­ ing. 
It m ay not be ta lk ed about except in a joking w ay b u t c h ild r e n love their parents. t 
The acceptance level of the family for dissent and d is a g re e m e n t is im p o r­ tant. 
E v en clo se f a m ilie s will h av e te n s io n s b etw e en g e n e r a tio n s . 
The r e a s s u r i n g fact is that m ost of the ideals held by the p a r e n ts do take root in the lives of the children. 
Fragmentation 

The fra g m e n ta tio n of fam ily life has w orried th o u g h tfu l 
A m e ric a n leaders for a long tim e. 
The spiritual refreshing which is now in its visible presence in the life of our so ciety p ro v id e s g r e a t hope that family life will be a ffe c te d an d r e c o ­ vered. 
It m ay take somewhat d if fe r e n t p a c in g and style, but the essentials of love, s e c u r ity , and com m itm ent to religious id e a lis m m u s t be r e s ­ tored. 
T h e re is hope in th e awareness that the fam i­ ly is holding its own as a p iv o ta l p la c e of the forming of character. 
The home m ust be de­ dicated to Christ both in life s ty le a s w ell as in profession if we a re to grow the kind of people who can face th e c h a l­ le n g e s of to m o r r o w ’s world. 

Mayor 
Lila 
Cockrell. 
Channel 12 an ch o rm an 
Don Colson, Channel 5 s p o r t s c a s t e r G ary De- 
L aune and J e a n n a Hy­ den, a first-runnerup for th e M iss A m e ric a p a ­ g e a n t, w ill be L iv in g 
Proof guest sp eak ers at 
Northeast Baptist Church 
Sunday. 

They will tell how their 
C h r is tia n e x p e r ie n c e ^ have helped them in their professions and will also receive an award for be­ ing “ liv in g proof th a t 
Christ lives.” 
Miss Ryden, a vocalist, will present special m u ­ sic d u rin g the serv ice which w ill begin at 1o:15 a.m. 
The Rev. W.H. Long, pastor, invites the public to attend. The church is located at 293o B itters 
Road. 

ST. PAUL UNITED 
METHODIST 

Dr. E rn e st A. Sm ith will be the Holy Week preacher at the church, 
3o8 Center St., beginning at 1o:55 a m. Sunday. 
Dr. S m ith , the a s s o ­ ciate general secretary of the board of church and so ciety of th e U n ite d 
M ethodist Church, will c o n d u c t e v e n in g s e r ­ vices, at 7:3o M onday through Thursday. 

CAMELOT CHRISTIAN 
CENTER 

A w eek-long rev iv a l will begin at 7 p.m. Sun­ day and will co n tin u e with nightly services at 
7:3o p.m. through Friday. 
Tuesday through T h u rs­ day services will be con­ ducted at IO a m. 
The re v iv a l w ill be conducted by the Rev. and Mrs. Ed Carrigan of 
A m arillo, w ith special 
E aster services to close out t he series on April IO. 

HIGHLAND PARK 
PRESBYTERIAN 

An 
E a s t e r c a n ta ta , 
“ T h o rn s and P u r p le ," will be presented by the 
Kelly AFB N’Chanters at 
6 p .m . S u n d ay at the ch u rc h , 851 H am m o n d 
Ave. 
The choir will be di­ rected by Eugene Nesbit. 
The public is invited to attend. 

KING OF KINGS 
LUTHERAN 
M a u n d y 
T h u r s d a y services will be observed 
Thursday at 7:3o p.m. at the church, 
13888 
Dreamwood Drive, with a serm o n e n title d , “ The 
Profile of T olerance — 
The W atchers.” 
Good F riday services will be conducted at 7:3o p.m . w ith the se rm o n them e, “ The Profile of 
Love — The Crucified.” 
Holy Communion will be c e le b ra te d at both services. The public is invited to attend. 

CHAPEL OF THE WAY 
The chapel will observe 
Good Friday with a spe­ cial service at 7 p.m. On 
April IO, a sunrise se r­ vice will begin at 6 a.m. to be conducted outdoors behind the sanctuary. 
The sanctuary is locat­ ed at 72oo Grissom Road. 
The public is invited to attend church services and mid-week prayer and w o rs h ip s e rv ic e s at 7 p.m. Wednesdays. 

CHRIST EPISCOPAL 

Good F riday services will be conducted from noon to 3 p.m . at the church, 3o1 W. Russell 
St. 
T h e Rt. R ev. S cott 
Field Bailey, bishop of 
West Texas will conduct the serm on, “ Seven Last 
Words of Christ." 

CONCORDIA 
LUTHERAN 

. 
During Holy Week, the 

 d ra w a tte n tio n controversial issues. to 

*<*•***■<> 

* s # * 
'*<■****»$ 

OUR LADY OF C Z E S­ 
TOCHOWA SHRINE 

M embers of the polish cotnm unity will g a th er for the traditional bless­ ing of E aster food bas­ kets at noon April 9, at the shrine, 138 Beethoven 
Ave. 
F ather Peter T. Holton w ill officiate at the rites. 
The public is invited to attend. For m ore infor­ mation call 333-4582. 

 r u n 
T M I m w 
I M y l l 1^1 mid w w 5^ 

DON C OLSON 
. . guest speaker 

NEW LIFE CENTER OF 
SAN ANTONIO 
Joe Cardot will conduct a two-part program at 8 p m. Monday and Tues* church will receive 49 day at the center, 4242 new m em bers, who have P ied ras Drive E ast, in com pleted 12 w eeks of the 
Roger 
Executive adult instruction on the Center. 
Lutheran faith. 
His s u b je c t w ill be 
On Palm Sunday, palm “ The Case For Im m orta- frond crosses will be Rty: Physical and Meta­ pinned on all 
Sunday physical.” For m ore in- 
School and Bible Class formation call the center c h ild re n and y o u n g at 734-o511. adults. 
Special P alm Sunday m essages will he offered at 9 and ll a.rn. and 7 p.m. at the church, 1826 
Basse Road. The public is invited. 

MARGARITE B K 
PARKER CHAPEL 

ALAMO HEIGHTS 
UNITED METHODIST 

Parents of Trinity Uni­ versity students will be re c o g n ize d an d w e l­ com ed as p a rt of th e 
U n iv e r s it y ’s 
P a r e n t s 
Weekend ’77 at the ll a.m . P alm Sunday ser- 
Palm Sunday pancakes vice in the chapel, and sa u sag e b re a k fa s t 
Prior to the m orning and lunch will be offered service, the Sacram ent of before and after m orning Holy Communion will be church services. celebrated in the Medita­ t e breakfast, served tion Chapel at ll a.m. from 7:45 a.m . to noon, and will be followed by will be sponsored by the with a continental break- 
‘77 C elebration G enera- fast served in the Cha­ 

 rred by the church m in ister, Dr. Louis H. 
Zbinden J r. at the ll a.rn 
P alm Sunday service. 
Services will be held from 12:o5 to 12:35 each noon on Monday, T ues­ day and W ednesday in the G uthrie-B ryant Cha­ pel. 
On Maundy T hursday th e c o n g re g a tio n will gather in the dining room at 6:15 p m. for a fellow­ sh ip d in n e r. T he c e le ­ b ra tio n of th e L o rd 's 
Supper will follow at 7:3o p.m . in the san ctu ary . 
Special m u sic will be p re s e n te d by th e C h il­ dren’s Choir II and the 
Sanctuary Choir. 
On Good F rid a y the church will have a spe­ c ia l s e rv ic e in the 
G u th rie -B ry a n t C hapel from 12:3o to 2 p.m ., ob­ serving the hours of cru ­ cifixion. 

BEACON HILL 
BAPTIST 

The 
“ Singers 
Ho!” from H a rd in -S im m o n s 
U n iv e rs ity ’s School of 
M usic, will p r e s e n t a p r o g r a m of e n te r ta in ^ m ent at the church at 
7:3o p.m. Tuesday. 
The program will he held in the Fellow ship 
Hall of the church. 612 
F r e d e r i c k s b u r g R oad. 
, The public is invited to attend the free concert. 

F IRST BAPTIST 
CHURCH OF 
CARRIZO SPRINGS 
San Antonio Industria­ list Alton S. Newell will speak at the church at the ll a.m . P alm Sunday worship service. 
The church is located at 7o6 Houston St. Pastor 
P resto n A. T aylor c o r­ dially invites the public to attend. 

CATHEDRAL PARK 
CH APEL HOUSE 

T h e 
“ S p rin g 
Q uiet 
Day” of the Daughters of the King of the Episcopal 
Diocese of West T exas w ill b eg in at 9 a .m . 
Wednesday at the chapel, 
111 Torcido St. 
The Rev. Cannon David 
L. 
V eal w ill be th e speaker. Holy Eucharist will be conducted at IO a.m. and will he followed by meditations. 
Participants are asked to b rin g sack lunches. 
R e fr e s h m e n ts will be f u rn is h e d . All p a r t i c i ­ 

 pants will be dism issed at 2 p m 

THE CHURCH OF 
CASTLE HILLS 

Trinity, a touring m u ­ sical group, will present a concert at 6 p.m . Sun­ day at the church. 
Led by Joe Estes, the 
7-man team , including a vocal trio and a four- piece rhythm section, w ill appeal to listeners of all ages. 
Admission is free and the public is invited lo attend 

TRINITY BAPTIST 

Art by 3o local area artists will be on exhibit 
Sunday through April IO, from IO a.m . to 2 p.m . and from 7 to 9 p .m . during the week. 
The them e of the E a s ­ te r exhibit is 
“ Resurrection and Life.” 
The exhibit will he open through E aster Sunday m orning. The public is invited to attend. 

 lion youth singers.^ P ro­ ceeds will help fund*their 
June witness tour. 

CHURCH OF THE 
HOLY NAME 

The P arish will spon­ sor its annual spring pic­ nic Sunday at Comanche 
Park. Serving of the b ar­ becue beef and country sausage dinner w ill begin at ll a m. and continue through 7 p.m. 
An auction will begin at 
4 p .m . 
B o o th s, refre sh m en ts, e n te rta in ­ ment, hom em ade item s and pastries will Vie fea­ tured along with 22 grand prizes which will be raf­ fled off. 

ST. LUKE S 
LUTHERAN 

T he N ew J e r u s a le m 
Players, a group of young ev a n g e lists from Je w s for Jesus, will present a d ram a tic pro g ram at I p .m . 
S u n d a y a t th e church, 514 Santa Monica 
St. 
The group will give a unique Jew ish-C hristian stree t th e ate r p re se n ta ­ tion in which they will wear colorful costum es and use face make-up to 

 pel’s Sem inar Room. 

ALAMO HEIGHTS 
CHRISTIAN 
The Christian W om en’s 
Fellowship of the church will present a IO a.m . musical program during the M aundy T h u rs d a y service. 
Mrs. Buckner Fanning’ of Trinity Baptist Church will be featured in the program. A luncheon will be conducted after the program. 
F rom 7 to 9 p.m ., the e ld e rs will se rv e c o m ­ munion in the sanctuary. 
On Good F rid a y , the church choir will present 
“ T h e 
S ev en 
L a st 
W o r d s ,’’ d ir e c te d by 
Mike McCord. The public is invited to the program , which will begin at 7:3o p m . 

FIRST PRESBYTERIAN 
A special serm on on 
“ P eace” will be deliv- 

CHURCHES—CHRISTIAN 
SCHOOLS 
Finance Your Bldg. Program for 3 % ... Call Paul Heidt, 
68oo Park Ten, Suite 265 
South, S.A. 7 3 2 - 9 7 4 1 

HOLY NAME PARISH 
SPRING PICNIC 
SUNDAY, APRIL 3 
COMANCHE PARK 

BAR-B-QUE & COUNTRY SAUSAGE DINNER 

2? GRAND PRIZES AWARDED 

REMEMBER US? 
WE GIVE YOU PLENTY TO EAT 

CONFUSED 
““CARE 
226-4443 

JEjetnplo 
" — 
TY I 

GOOD HEWS TEXAS REVIVAL 

REU. ALFoHSo FLORES 

3o De merzo a 3 de Adm 
Primera Iglesia Bautista 
1232 SO. Alamo TDI. 227-7982 
7:3o-Rllarcol8S A Domingo 

THE CHURCH OF 
CASTLE HILLS 

 iSBk. 

 r* 
C m J? 

JOHN HAGEE 

Pastor 

“learning to 
Spiritually 
Give of Yourself” 

1o:3o A.M. 

 love Demands 
Discipline 

Sunday evening 
6:oo P.M. % 
Gospel Concert w,th TRINITY 
A Seven M on Musical 
M inistry 

On »oo$> 41o at fxlt 19 
VS mlln W m I of C on tra I Pork 
A Nondenominational 

Fellowship of 

Evangelical Believers 

^o* 

SOUTHSIDE EVANGEL 
TEMPLE 
25oo S. PRESA 
C o-Pastors 
Rev. Don West 
Rev. Marvin Carver 
Cordially invite you to be a part of their worship services each week 
Sunday Morning 1o:3o 
Sunday Night 7:3o 
Thursday Night 7:3o 

A R T EXHIBIT 

R E S U R R E C T IO N A N D LIFE” 
NEW' A R T DONE B Y 
LEADING A R E A ARTISTS 

John Squire Adams 
Bill Blackburn 
Floreat Baecke 
W alter Bower 

1o:oo AM-2:OO PM 

Shawn Bridges 
Bill Bristow 
U ilanna Bristow 
Margaret Pace 

A P R IL 4-8 
D A IL Y 

Betty Saenger 
Ed Strain 
Maureen Tarazon 
Alex Yamin 

7:oo-9:oo PM 

PUBLIC INVITED 
JO IN US FOR COFFEE A N D DESSERT 
GOOD F R ID A Y LUNCHEON A N D DEVOTIONAL 
P A R T OF 
EASTER CELEBRATION 
Trinity Baptist Church 

319 East/Mulberry 

CELEBRA TION OF 
RESURRECTION LIFE 

EASTER 
SUNDA Y• APRIL 
• ll) AM .-12 V 

THEATRE FOR THE PERFORMING A RTS 
Hemisfair 
Plaza 

"LET RESURRECTION LIFE HAPPEN TO YOU" 
Allen Randolph, Pastor, Trinity Church 

THE TRINITY CHANCEL CHOIR 
Don Stover, Director 

INTERDENOMINATIONAL EASTER WORSHIP 
FOR PEOPLE OF ALL FAITHS 

(Child care provided for Preschool Children) 

Sponsored bv: 
TRINITY aura 

A N IN T E R -D IN O M IN A T IO N AL C O N G R E G A T IO N OF BELIEVERS 

Trinity's Music Ministry Presents: 
”LOVE AND KINDNESS" 
. . . an unforgettable experience of worship and commitment for choir and congregation 

• COMPOSED B Y JOHN PETERSON 
& DON W YRTZEN 

® DIRECTED BY DON STOVER 
6:oo p.m. and 8:3op.m. 

 in the Sanctuary o f TRINITY CHURCH 
875o Fourwinds Dr. 
IH 35 at N.E. Loop 41o 

San Antonio EXPRESS-N EW S— Saturday Apri 

 xpress 

-SO I’M MAILING- MV 
CHRISTMAS CARDS 
AHEAD OF 
TIME 

To hare your problem solved or a ques­ tion anstcered, write Act ion-Express, P.O. 
Hot 2171, San Anttmio, TX 7H2i}7. 

Unpaid yardman 

I don't know if you tackle problems of this sort, but I am at the end of my rope and don't know what else I can do. 
I have been a yardman all my life. I have been able to earn a good living mowing lawns, trimming hedges and being an all around gardener. 
I say this because my customers have never complained and my list of customers has been steadily growing. 
About six months ago, one of my customer’s told me a friend of hers, who lived on the other side of town, needed a gardener. 
I really did not want to take an additional customer at this time because I have just about as much business as I can handle. 
But. I have had some unexpected expenses so I thought I would get one of my sons to help me. Also, this customer has kept me on for several years and I did not want to lose her. 
So, I agreed to do it. I went to the lady’s house and w as astonished when I saw the size of her yard. My son and I both worked hard all day. 
About 5 p.m., I saw that we would not be able to finish so I knocked on the door to tell the lady we would have to come back the next day. 
Well, you should have heard her yelling and screaming. She kept complaining that she was going to have a garden party that evening and a brunch of some sort the next morning. 
That was the first I heard of it. No one had told me 
I had a deadline. I tried telling her she should have told me about her party, but all she would say was that she did not see the need since she had expected a full day of hard work from me. 
Believe me, we worked hard. Instead of listening to us she slammed the door on us. I knocked again and asked for my day’s wages. 
She said we hadn't done the job we were supposed to so she did not have to pay us. I told her we were willing tit come back and finish but she said she did not want us around. 
She slammed the door again and refused to open it. We have gone back several times and no one answers the door even though we know someone is home. 
I told my regular customer about this and she said she had nothing to do with it. She did not want to get involved because it was a good friend of hers. 
I can’t afford to let this customer go or have her fire me, so I had no choice but to let the matter drop. to go. 
Can you help? Is there any way I can force her to give me my monev? 
J. J. 

A ction-E xpress co n­ tacted both your regular customer aud the woman who refused to pay you. 
The w om an who r e ­ fused to pay you said you had only done about a third of the yard when you and your son stopped working at 5 p.m. 

She com plained that she had had other gardeners do the whole yard in less than a day. 
“ And they did not have a son,” she said. 
Your regular customer 

 did say your work was su p erio r to other g a r d e n e rs ’ work and agreed to talk to her friend about coming to an arrangement about this. 
Two days la te r your regular customer called and said the woman was ready to pay you and 
>our son. Action-Express called her to verify this and she said she had al­ ready w ritten out the check. 
Either you or your son can go pick it up when­ ever you like. 

Glass tops 

About a month ago you ran an item about using glass to make table tops. You said a local glass company recommended using at least one-quarter inch plate glass for smaller tables. 
I am looking for pieces about 18 inches by 24 inches for some end tables I am building. I w ill need about four of these pieces. 
Which glass company has this type glass and about how much will it cost me? Thank you for this information. 
E. L. B. 

E ith e r Thud Z iegler 
G lass Inc. or S am uels 
Glass’Co. will be able to sell you the glass. 

An 18-by-24-inch piece of p late g lass with seam ed edges will cost 
$6. Four pieces will total 
$24 plus $1.2(1 tax. This adds up to $25.2o. 
Both glass companies have several locations 

 across the city. Before you go to the one most convenient to you, be sure to call and m ake sure they have the quarter-inch plate glass. 
That branch may have to have it brought in from another b ran ch . The com panies also recom ­ mended you place an order iii advance of the pick-up time. 

G olf guest 

This is a simple question and I hope you will be able to answer it soon since I need the information right away. 
I will be having some guests in town over the 
Easter holidays and some of my guests would like to play golf while they are here. 
I live on the Northwest part of town and there is a country club near my home. Are these country clubs solely for members or can non-members play also? 
If they can play there, should I make any ar­ rangements prior to the day they want to play? 
Thank you in advance. 
G. R. H. 

The country club you are referring to does al­ low non-members to play golf at its course. 
However, the visiting guest must have a card identifying him as a m e m b e r of a n o th er country club. 
If he does not have an identification card of this type, he may, in some cases carry a letter from the golf pro at the country club w here he is a member of that club. 

This is in cases where the country club does not issue an identification card. 
Although this country club does not usually re­ quire tee times be set up, since Easter is usually a busy weekend, they re ­ commend you set one up. 
Although there is not one in your im m ediate area, there are several municipal courses your visitors m ight want to play at. 

Your 

No easy*" way after surgery 

Dear Dr. Thosteson: I am scheduled for abdominal hysterectomy and want to know the amount of pain to expect. I would like to be heavily sedated for two or three days after the surgery, but my doctor says "no.” 
I have a ruptured bladder and a cystocele. I am told the uterus cannot be removed through the vaginal opening, because it is too large. I am 54. — F.A. 
The idea is to use the least of the most effective anesthetic for the least amount of time — enough, in short, to allow the surgery and carry you through the immediate post-surgery period. With hysterectomy 
(removal of the uterus) this may be a spinal or general anesthetic. Put­ ting you “ out of the pic­ tu r e " for a few days could be dangerous. Ifs just not done. 
In a hysterectomy the surgeon m ust choose between the abdominal route, where an incision is made in the abdomen, or the vaginal, w here removal is through the vagina. In the case of a fallen uterus, the vagin­ al route m ay be select­ ed. But if there are any com plications such as your cystocele (sagging bladder) then abdomin­ al surgery is usually se­ lected, because it allows more direct view ing of the various Organs. 
Discomfort 

You can expect abdominal discomfort for the first few days after surgery, but it is usually not terribly severe, nothing that cannot be eased with conven­ tional pain killers. 
Don’t get in a tizzy about this. It is sometimes easy to be cavalier about other folks’ pains, and I don’t intend to be that. But it is important for you to compose yourself and cooperate with your doctors. 
Your doctor knows about your fears. He can assure you and take extra care to minimize post-surgical pain for you. Take one problem at a time and stop creating ghosts for yourself. 
Dear Dr. Thosteson: Would leather shoes be better for a person who has chronic feet problems? — .LM. 
I don’t know what specific problems you are talk­ ing about. Materials used in tanning leather can be troublesome for some people. On the other hand some of the plastic materials can be equally both­ ersome. 
Leather has one advantage, however. When we are active our feet tend to expand. L eather has a tendency to give more and reduce pinching. Some plastics won’t give this way and a swollen foot can be pinched into a small space, doubling problems. 
You have to be more specific. “ Feet problems’’ is a meaningless phrase to anyone but the sufferer. 
You may find that my booklet on foot care covers your specific ailment. For a copy, send 25 cents and a stamped, self-addressed envelope to me care of this newspaper. 

For a comprehensive discussion of how to cope with the change of life, write to Dr. Thosteson, in care of this newspaper, for his invaluable booklet, “Make Menopause Easier.” Enclose a long, self-addressed, stamped envelope and 35 cents. 

By George (<. 
Thosteson, M.D. 

WORBY 
CURDY 
B Y T R IC K Y RIC K Y 

I 
I Im! mink (11 

Every w o r d y o i/rd y un'-wor is ii rhyming pair of words I like I rue Blue, 
Plain Jane, and Humpiy Dunipty ). 
Read th e definition, then think o f two rhyming words that will (it in the letter squares. I he num ber after the definition tells you how many syllables in each wold of the rhyming pair. 

2. Ms. Midler in the shower (I) 
LLLMJ 

I hanks and SIU lo Hove, Mcl>owell of Deer River. MN for «6. Send your 

 e n t r y to this news­ paper 
V < ola bottle cracked (lf 
□ C E U 
4. Mr. Jaggers cough medicine (lf 
K E E 
V Koval \merican bird (21 
I LELL■ n 
6- Much excitement over a stringed instrument (2) 
IS 

7. kines el's small beetles (2> rTTTTW 

V M .V 4 - >1 IM LIO JI H i l l / * 4 l‘ >\ 4 l \ * H H t nN MV SM HU * 4XOHH IMO > J H H H J IH 'H H H 4H I 

JEANE DIXON S 
HOROSCOPE 
FOR SUNDAY 

Your Birthday Sunday: 
At the sam e tim e that several cycles of personal history reach m aturity together, echoes of all significant past actions come in. This unusual en­ ergy can be very con­ structive, the impetus for a new way of living. Noth­ ing is easy this year; what you do achieve is p e r­ m anent. R elationships are strengthened or limited depending on cri­ tical moments. Today’s natives specialize in physical exploits, often deal with food and other creature comforts or luxuries. 

A R IE S (March 21-April 19): 
Q uietly ob serve the re ligio u s qualities of this Sunday. Leave out the usual visiting. A sse ss your true place in the scheme of reality witn dignity, humor. 
TA U RU S (April 2o-May 2o): 
Long-term trends run to show down situations. Take action; talk alone won t do. Encounters are tense. Nobody within reach is willing or able to help. 
G E M IN I (M ay 21-June 2o): 
Opinions change in excitement. 
Concerns turn out trivial. M ake an ongoing effort, reorganize for e ffic ie n cy . S o c ia liz in g isn t favored. Stay near home. 
CA N C ER (June 21-July 22): 
Stop, think of the habits you've 

 drifted info. A little switch con. make all the difference. Catch up on hobbies rather than pursue public figures or politics. 
LEO (July 23 Aug 22): 
Sub iects that seldom come u p ore suddenly the main topic. Include a new interpretation of what took place long ago. A void crow ds either indoors or on the road. 
V IR G O (Aug. 23-Sept. 22): 
Best preparation for future ven­ tures is to be counted on the local scene now. P a ss up im pul­ sive buying, travel. G arden ii you h a ve tim e, p la n t a few seeds. 
L IB R A (Sept. 23-Ocf. 22): 
Do the present moment justice; use its o p p o rtu n ity fo r p e rso n a l growth. You get a chance to help others not as far along. Expect no gratitude; vou'll survive. 
SC O R P IO (Oct. 23-Nov. 21): 
F o rm a l rou tin es ofter sub tle rewards, help your public image. 
You can line up records to good 
- advantage. Avoid physical exer­ tion, exposure to hazard, fatigue. 
S A G IT T A R IU S (Nov. 22-Dec. 
21): 
Temptation is to revive old contacts. Don't, if it is for com ­ m erce , c a re e r re fe re n c e s. 
Salesm anship is out of line, vet people strive to sell ideas. 
C A P R IC O R N (D e c. 22-Jan. 
19): 
A complex turning point is at hand. Regroup on deep inner levels. You have m any ob liga­ tions; now that you're evolving, d eal w ith them a little d iffe re n tly . . in a c t iv it y to 
.become more of a person. Your tact is needed as others run to cap riciou s m oods. Thev even- 
- tualiv settle down, no harm done. 
P ISC E S (Feb. 19-March 2o): 
Y ou o rriv e at a c r o s s ro a d s: some issues come to conclusions, som e are up for redem ption. 
Choices are difficult. D on't In­ volve friends in tentative phases 

S a n A n t o n io E X F R E S S -N E W S — 
S a t u r d a y A p r il 2 1 97 7 
PEANUTS 
P a g e 15 - D 

7HATkiT£-5ATiN6 TRE6 
FELL Over 7URIN6 IME 
STORM.THE ENVIRONMENTAL 
ROiECTiON AGENCY HAS 
MO EVIDENCE A6AINST M'OU 

ARE AGU An 
NC NOT 
ESCAPcu 
I |R£AUwh’ 

C R I M I N A L 
’ M I L O .. 
CHARLES 7 

LUMEN I 6Roo K N r 
UPI WANT TO /EVERYONE 

 i/c. v- iisw 
I n c n i\ in 
CHARIES! 
N O L - - , , 
/ Z s 3 
T l r 

J 
I r . - L T 

MUTT and JEFF 

WI, m u t t ? h O 'V ^ / * S O M E " V 
:e j I » C C C h ! \ m y ms h r—■s f s h e 
*, SMAR 

W lN N ltW I N K U 

• PIPNT RUSS AAiLLER. TELL YOU 
ABOUT IHE ARRANGEMENT 
WB MADE IDR TDN 16 HT ? 
" ' 

W H A T 

A R R A N G E M E N T ? 
T H 

I PA/P TO HAVE 
A H AND SO M E, 
ATTENT/VE 
M A N E S C O R T 

M E T O T H I S r - 'S 
P R E M I E R E / 
! 
* 

Y CAPP 

YO U SAID IT 
W AS JUST A 
BOOKIN' - 

A N P I HAVE EVERY 
/NTENT/ON OEGETT/NG 
M Y MONEY'S W O R TH ''/ 

NO V 
' 
I > *4v Mark Kt-jfiMrrt-d 
\ MfN*ii|ht kvndtttatf 

S 
B 

/ c, s m a r'-S 
S i. A D YOU," 
AS*kE3 M E ! 
A /r-y Cm v.^' 
- „ g ,v*v y o v t R __ 

: s a .c 
/vs n," 
- S R 3 C r ” SOv*Twi*w© / j 
^ 
O aSm iP we O OM ~ 
*% 

S ir d o w n a n c n 
V* - 
SCR a",'C-w m S * E A C 
” C TMINK WmAY . —' 
I *r //a s I 
^ 
./ 
V V 
> 

IF vVflAT THE 
FeM TONl KID 
> IS T R U E . 

I t F iNk t h e p e o p l e o f 
M ILFORD S F O llL D BF TOLD. 
'F a t We n It OM With t h e 
T E A M TH 15 SEA SO N .' 

☆ 
* 
* 

J 
I 
L 
- 

 ii 

JUDGE PARKEI 

O F F!!, 

THEY'RE ONLY HUMAN. W HAT 
THEY WRITE ABOUT M E SO 
PREJUDICES 'EM THAT T H E Y ' 
NEVER WANT TO C LA P EYES 
ON M E AGAIN 

 l i s t e d . ..h e s e t s 
THE GLORY WHEN! t h e y WlM...He s h o u l d ta ke t h e 
FLAK WHeM t h e y 

O N STAGE 

ONCE IN A WHILE, SUK, \ ALL RICHT, NOW REIAX' NO, I DON'T \ 
WAIT- YOUK COMINS 
A J LET ME SET -HOU 
THINK SO, ROGER'. HERE TODAY MAY 
CAREER Of IT/ 
- Y SOMETHING TO DRINK, 
...IIL SEE TOU I HME BEEN THE BEST 
AND... 
TOMORROW... J THING THAT COULD 
HAVE HAPPENED... 

H I 

YES, 
GOOD MORNING, CARLA/ COME UUDGE/ 
IN WHEN YOU HAVE A MOMENT/ 
I'D LIKE TO TALK TO YOU/ 

RED EYE 

SAM DRIVER STOPPEDYi HOPE ^ 
BY THE HOUSE TO SEE / YOU'RE NOT 
ME LAST NIGHT/ 
TOO UPSET 
WITH ME/ 

YES, I AM / I'M V YOU GOT THE JO B ON The! 
UPSET BECAUSE 
BASIS OF YOUR ABILITY, 
YOU THOUGHT/! NOT YOUR MARITAL STATUS 
I WOULDN'T < V 
AND I'M NOT ABOUT TO 
UNDERSTAND/ J \ 
LET YOU GO, CARLA/ 

W H A T 
A R E 
Y O U 
D O I N G ? 

I 

 f M 
E P I C I N E M 
A 
N 
/ l l 

IK 
R e d e y e w a s 
1S 
STUPID IDIOT! 
S£RV£S HIM 
R ISH T! 

I'M TRYING 
TO CREATE 
LIFE IN A 
PUMPKIN 

/ . 

 dr, V id e o 

M A D 

S c i e n t i s t 

HOW ARE YOU 
GOING TO DO 
THAT ? 

T X T 

THE FAMILY CIRCUS 

J U S T P U T IN A B A R 
A N D A J U K E B O X A N D 
•STAND B A C K 

_ _ L 

DB VIDEO 

M AD 

 s c i e n t i s t 
— -A, . « / i m - 

DENNIS THE MENACE 

Y a j R e W ORRIED,, 

...W H A T S W F P N G x ? 

I 6AN 'T 

<£*? irTTC 

THE. W C C O S 
A N Y M O R E;. 

 tthere's a 

LUSTFUL 

£ R e A J U R & 

LY lN k> IM 

WAIT POR ME. 

F 
TS 
V 
NOW, WHO 

R L L t D T o u r 

 h e a p with 

 a l l t h a t 

 m a l a r k e y e 

THJLWIZARD OF ID___ 

P J F S P ? B S T E l l U S T H / r 

T H E C H IK E E 
H H V P 

I N V E N T E P ( ^ U N F t T W P ^ f? 

® ' 
^71 
T 

 t h e s c o r n - ^ a t y p . 

- v 
~ 

W HAT WILL 
THEY THINK GF 
N B Y T 'f 

4 2 

^ G & A & lY 
-HE PUN 

“When I grow up i’m gonna have a beard and a mustache 

 so NOBODY will kiss m e." 

 sC%; 

KERRY DRAKE 
^ 

BUT I PON'T WANT 
LOOK, IOO*, JOCKEY/ AN X A 4 Y FIH U RPK1N T3 
HONEST*TO- GOODNESS RANSOM \ ON THAT STUFF / 
NOTE FOR THAT SINGER THAT'S 
BEEN KIDNAPPED/ LOOK 
LOOK AT THE PICTURE 
OF HIS6/RL FRIEND/ 

--U - i m r 

 pr............. 
— ....... 
**1 dV' THAMES! VA DON *T KNOW IT- But vol 
PID Mf AN' BIG AU&IE A SIG FAVOR- AM' 

ACROSS 

I Mountain pass in India 
5 Acquires 
9 Cushion 
12 Cry of pain 
13 Legal claim 
14 Sound of a cow 
15 Mirth 
16 Inner (prefix) 
17 Graduate of 
Annapolis 
(abbr) 
18 Old fashioned 
2o Springs 
22 Grown boy 
23 Speed measure 
(abbr) 
24 Trojan king 
27 Due 
31 Month (abbr) 
32 List of events 
34 Coffin stand 
35 One who feels superior 
37 Baseball events 
39 Chinese philosophy 
4o Sober 
42 Glances 
44 Years (Fr) 
45 Frenzied 

46 Unmetered writing 
49 Spicy 
53 Auxiliary 
(abbr) 
54 Cravats 
56 Thought (Fr.) 
57 Popular dessert 
58 Cloth ridge 
59 Baseballer 
Slaughter 
6o New England cape 
61 Singletons 
62 Declaim violently 

Answer to Previous Puzzle 

‘Sitting has very little to do with this job, Mrs. 

M itcheiL.baby RUNNER is more like it.” 
TODAY7! CROSSWORD PUZZLE 
UNITED Feature Syndicate 
Fridays Puzzle Solved 

A C R O S S 

1 C a tch - **- of fish 
6 S h ipb o ard dire ctio n 
1 1 Fren ch Lick for one 
1 4 S u p ern atu ral 55 .. ... C o rp s cre a tu re 
53 invest with 

46 In structs 
49 B la ste r s item 
6o A n cie nt 
G re e k walk 
54 C u tthroat or 
K a m loo p s 
65 Fruit 

DOWN 

Dancer type 
Seed covering 
Made perfect score 
Actress Ritter 
Actor Ford 
One (Ger) 
Baseballer 
Williams 
8 Nosy 
9 Mesdames 
(abbr.) 
1o First-rate 
(comp, w d ) 
11 Buffet about 
19 Metric foot 

21 Skipper of the 
Pequod 
23 Sprout artificially 
24 Elapse 
25 Ancient writing 
26 Opera prince 
27 And 
28 Nip 
29 Crack through which water escapes 
3o Mythical 
Greek bowman 
33 Notes of debt 
36 Favoritism 
38 Reach across 

41 Boxing strategy (2 w ds) 
43 More nervous 
45 Thinks 
46 Father 
47 Undoing 
48 Work cattle 
49 Hawaiian goddess 
5o Novelist 
Ferber 
51 Broadway light 
52 Examine 
55 Author 
Fleming 

I 
2 
3 
4 
5 
6 
7 
8 
- 
1o 
11 

12 
13 
14 

15 
15 
17 

18 
19 
■ 

2o 
21 

22 
_■ 
23 

24 
25 
26 
■27 
28 
29 
3o 

31 
I32 
33 
■I 
35 
36 g a 
7 
38 ■ 
39 

IO 
41 

1 I 

IO 
43 

44 
I 

45 

46 
47 
48 
4 ^ 
5o 
51 
52 

53 
54 
55 
56 

57 
58 
59 

6o 
61 

I 5 W ro n g ­ doing 
1b Pester co n sta n tly 
I 7 W ith referen ce to 
18 B eg in to develop 
2 o Tw illed w oolen cloth 
22 C a lifo rn ia coun ty 
23 C ro n e s 
25 Sco rn fu l rem ark 
28 C o n sp ire 
29 Lam b s parent 
3o C a rp e n te rs tools 
32 R ipening early 
A rch a ic 
34 Put to death 
3 9 Turns to the east 
42 C o o k ie 
43 S tates em ph atica lly 
45 W ater co ntainer 

 authority 
6o Stop the p ro g re ss of 
6 3 W esth er- m a n 's word 
66 N ationa lity su ffix 
6 7 T angle 
68 W G erm an state 
69 Lair 
7o S o le of a plow 
71 A Ford 

D O W N 

1 T u rkish title 
2 M ale hum ans 
3 Fu ll of vim 
4 N o se d o c to rs co n ce rn 
5 R ad io s, e g 
6 Sea of the 
M e d ite r­ ran ean 
7 M u sic a l co m p ositio n 
8 H o cke y star 
B obby — 
9 G y p sy man 

"7" E 
IL I"a 
7 _a a rnFIrn 
T Ti<o 
_A 
.1]o 
OWfJiU 
T 3 UhFIT__ 
7 H z L rnj_ Pl t c, 3E rn 

___ 
. 
_a p. 
T rr 
Ii.JUwj 
T L r 
• 
V 
3 a [Oj 
T a1JU 
T 
T 
1 [ch 
TiTI 
5 
o T a AlM 
JJ 
E o 
J -J 
A L ra 
NTI7 
__ 

3 a 
L . 
T 3 5 □ 
TI 
Z JL t 
L ? ] rn 
* 
A p 
8. 
L J T 3 
TI 
T a 1 
T 77 L j j 
“ 3 G 
* 7 T 
M c 
N 7 T t i ~ 
L T 

L . 
TT r p y— 
L . n 
I "I Si T 
7 T E I 
O' T r lL 
DJ 
JU r “ 

1o O rnam entation a llo w a n ce 
11 Pred ica m en t 
I 2 O utdoor area 
I 3 S o licito r 
19 D oze briefly 
21 Stator 
Abbr 
23 K in g of 
Ju d e a 
24 Inform ed 
26 A djacen t 
27 — - of Life 
3o F ren ch u p ­ per house 
31 C o ntem ptible peo p le In­ form al 
3 3 G o d d e s s of death 
35 F id d le rcra b gen u s 
36 Flavor 
3 7 ........out 
M a kin g do 
38 B an g s in 
4o W eight 

41 B e co m e dried up 
44 G ot the s to ­ ry first 
47 C o llid e vio len tly 
48 A irline 
Abbr, 
5o En g a ge d in e sp io n a g e 
51 Up-tight 
52 C o n sistin g of m eal 
53 T en n is point 
55 Did an o ffice job 
57 M u ffs 
59 Pain 
61 State Abbr. 
62 Stow e ch a ra cte r 
64 ibsen ch a ra cte r 
65 E le c tric a l unit 

I" 

 ll i r ­ 

 k' 
6? 

 ks 

 sd 

66 

6$ 

 ilXE: YOUR HOMETOWN GROCER SINCE 1936 
★ DELUXE: YOUR HOMETOWN GROCER SINCE 1936 

£61 DNIS M33oHQ-T1Mo13WoH MflOA :3Xni3o * 
9€6 L 3DNIS M3DOaO NMo13WoH M O A :3Xfha 

Son Antonio EXPRESS-NEW5— Saturday April 2 1977 

................. 

•fry :;.vX- 

.. 

 mm 

Son Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— Saturday April 2 1977 
Page 
I -E 
B ig selection offered at 6 W olfe Nurseries 

W OLFE has large selection 

Wolfe 
N ursery has probably the largest se­ lection of nursery pro­ ducts in the area. 
“ We move such a large volume,” says Roger So­ lis, area manager. 
“ This enables us to buy in volume for less and pass the savings on to the c u sto m e r,” he added. 
“ Since it moves faster, our stock is fresher, too-.” 
Wolfe is a statewide chain of nurseries based in Fort Worth, a subsi­ diary of Pier I. 
Solis offers this advice to the home g a rd e n e r 
“ Everybody starts off on the wrong foot. The soil in San Antonio is the root of all evils. It is very poor. 
“ Dig a large hole, at least twice as big as you would normally need for what you are planting. 
Then plant your plant in a mixture of sand, top soil and organic material such as peat moss or manure. 
“ This will solve 9o per cent of the p rob lem s people have with their gardens,” Solis suggest­ ed. “ It is one of the finest soils made.”____________ 

Solis added that Wolfe 
N ursery em ployes number 23 among the 3oo 
Texas Certified Nursery­ men in the state. To be ce rtifie d , a nu rsery w orker m ust have a minimum of one year of actu al w orking e x p e r­ ience. 
After studying a hand­ book p rep ared by the 
Texas Nurserymen’s As­ sociation about propaga­ tion, lan dscapin g, customer relations, dis­ play, diseases and insec­ ticides, am ong other subjects, he or she takes an examination. 
A four-hour test, the applicant must make at least a 7o score on each subject or he fails the entire test. 
Wolfe N ursery also carries a large selection of nursery garden and house plant supplies and accessories, as well as plants and bulbs. 

Wolfe Nurseries are lo­ cated at 37oo Broadway, 
88o2 Perrin-Beitel, 15o7 
Ruiz, 7oo7 San Pedro, 
6714 S. Flores and 1134 
Pat Booker in Universal 
City. 

’ 
; 
V 
' 
' n 
1 

M ISS IO N has everything for the garden 
Shop Mission fo r Easter 

Mission Nurseries have been serving 
San 
Antonio’s gar­ den needs for 16 years. 
“ After 16 years of be­ ing one of the top n u r­ series, the people at our stores strive to know the customers wants and n e e d s ,” says co-owner 
Jerry Allen. 
“ We sell only top quality merchandise and m aterials acclimated to for our selling area. We have two complete full service garden centers for your shopping eon- 

 m um s for that special gift or thought at E a s­ ter.” 
M ission 
N u rse rie s carries everything from the tiniest bud to trees ready for planting. 

“ San Antonio ground needs to be fertilized if it is to do a good job,” Al­ len pointed out. “ Some people try to plant a ve­ getable garden, and they blooming hanging bas- think that since nothing kets, pot plants, geran- has been planted there ium s, bedd ing p la n ts, before except grass that 
•and especially for Eas- it has plenty of nutrients, ter. hundreds of lilies. 
“ T hat isn t s o ,” he hydrangea, gloxinia and continued. “ Even grass 

 venience, 11185 Nacog­ doches Rd. and 2919 Mis­ sion Rd.” 

Jerry Allen m anages the Mission Road center while his brother Frank oversees the nursery on 
N acogdoches. 
T h eir father, Marvin E. Allen was the founder. 
“ The garden centers are p a rtic u la rly alive with color right now 

 ta k e s a lot out of the ground. 
“ G ardening can be a very enjoyable and profi­ table pastime if suc­ cessful. Our trained and exp erien ced perso nn el are m ore than happy to help you make your g ar­ den and lawn m a in te n ­ ance dollars go farther with better results,” he continued. 
Mission Nurseries are open seven days a week from 9 a.m . to 6 p .m . 
Master 
Charge and 
BankA m ericard are ac­ cepted. 

BEAUTIFUL CALIFORNIA ROSE BUSHES AT Wolfe Nursery 

EASTER POT PLANTS 
ARRIVING DAILY 
BEAUTIFUL 

EASTER LILLIES 

3 buds and 

 bloom . Larger 

 priced in 

 ratio ........ each>3.49 

HYDRANGEA 

Extra large bloom 

Larger priced in 

 r a t io each?3.98 

APHELANDRA 

E x o tic y e llo w 

 b l o o m . . . each *3.98 

LONG LASTING 
EASTER GIFTS 
BEAUTIFUL 
INDOOR PLANTS 

USUAL $6.98 ... Growing in 6 ” pots. 
Choose from: SCHEFFLERA, YU C C A TIP, 
FICUS B EN JA M IN A , P H ILO D E N D R O N and 
FICUS D EC O RA 
$3.98e«h 2?7.5o 

USU AL 
22.99 . . . 
Growing 
IO " pots 
Choose from: 
ARECA 
PALM, 
3 8 " to 
4 2 " . ..SCHEFFLERA, 3 5 " to 4 o "...FIN C U S 
B EN JA M IN A , 4 8 " tall...PH ILO D EN D RO N 
SELLOU M , 3 plants to pot, 28 to 3 6 " tall...and YUCCA, 3 plants to pot, 3o to 
4 o " tall. 
12.99eo«h3?$37.5o 

IDEAL EASTER GIFT 
ARM STRONG’S 
BO N ANZA DWARF 
REACH TREES 

Beautiful d e te n tio n , b ta rs fruit. Tit. gentile - iy dw arf trM i. Tim b e a n fruit w h .n it* IS ta 24" tall, nam b a a in g tilt. 
*8.98 ea ch 
2?*17.oo 

■ss* 
ARMSTRONG’S 
TWO ON ONE FRUIT TREE 

Two kind of PLUM on an* Ira* - Two kinds af KACH on an* lr** ■ Two kinds af NKT AHINT on on* lr** and PLUM A NIC- 
TARINI an an* tit* . 
*6.98 a Tree 2 T M 3.5o 

GROUND COVERS 
For Sunny Aru* 
ASIATIC JASM INE 
$ I 
O O 
6 large plants to tray................... troy 
I • A 
MF 
MUCH LARGER PUNT 
7 9 * 
I 2 f * 8 . 9 o 
For Slim ly Area 
1 .4 9 
ALGERIAN IV Y 
6 plant to t r a y tray 
VARIEGATED ALGERIAN 
$ ] 
A 
A 
6 Ivy plants lo tr a y ................... tray 
I | " F T 
ENGLISH IV Y 
' 
$ « 
6 plants per tray...................... tray 
I •' 
Perm anent Ground Cover 
WHITE CRUSH MARBLE 
5o lb sack ............................. sock 
5 for *9.5o 
BLACK OR RED LAVA ROCK 
$ « 
A 
A large '/jeu. ft. bag. .. .............. sack 
H O Mr JF 
S for *9.5o 

,4 9 r 

* 1 
. 9 
9 

 p i a n W 
^ tn 8 « 8 w ,n g 
CALIFORNIA PRIVET 
LIV**™* 1.49.„1o?$13 .5 o 
ARM OUR RIVER PRIVET 
5ft tai.*1.49.a*1o?$1 3 .5 o 
JAPANESE UOUSTRUM 

Wet! rooted plants 19* •ach TOPI .85 
MUCH L A M E R 
S i’Slw.-’l .49.„ I O M 3.5o 
TORYX bWARf REBBE 
1 H 
S S " o1129'..., 1o*2.5o 

LARGER 
TAS 
I M SO A n 
Growing in containers__ /V .arf, 
I JLI O . V U 

Growing in I gal. cans *1.49 •brl, 5*6.9o 

MUCH LARGER 
These ore beauties, 
. growing in 3 gal. can..... 7 . 9 9 tack 5 « 3 5 . o o 

YOUPON HOLLY 
Growing in rontainers 
LARGER 
Growing in I gallon cons. 
1 .4 9 « x b 5? 6*9o 

DWARF CHINESE H O L^ 

LARGER 

7 9 -rk I 2 * 8 . 9 o 

Growing in containers 
/ V ’ cedi 1 2 * 8 . 9 o 
LARGER tl 
Growing in I gallon cans 
1 . 4 9 mh 
J i o * 9 o 
SHRUBS WHICH ARE 
EASY TO GROW 
ALTHEA (Rose of Sharon), $ • O O red, pink, white and purple 
I ea. 
PERSIAN LILAC 
*1.99 .a. 
SPIREA (Bridal Wreath). . . . * 1.99 ea. 

M AKE YO UR O W N BASKET 
. . . .98* ea. 
. 
* 1 . 2 9 ea. 
• • 
7 9 * pkg. 

*1 . 4 9 pkg. 

8 ” W IRE basket . . 
I 2 ” W IRE BASKET . 
5 P A G N U M M O SS . 
LARGER 
S P A G N U M M O SS . 

BEAUTIFUL PLANTS TO M A K E 
YO U R O W N H A N G IN G 
BASKETS 
Sorei^eri Fem, Plumose Fern, Velvet 
Plants, Spider Plants, Fantasia, Variegated 
Fantasia, Green Jew, Purple Striped Jew, 
Mouse Ears Jew (Baby), White Striped 
Jew, Bearded Jew, lady Boat Jew, Bleed­ ing Heart, Dollar Plants and Polka-Dot plants. 
YOUR CHOICE 
69* aa. 3 for$2.oQ 

*2.98 

PLANT OUTDOOR 
FOLIAGE PLANTS 
For Tropical Look 
PHILODENDRON SELLOUM 
Split leaf. Grow ing in I go*- can . . . . . . 
FLUFFY RUFFLE FERN 
Extra large, grow ing in I gal. c a n .................. Z.VV 
SPRENGER! FERN 
,n on 
Real la r g e ..................... 
2.99 
ASPIDISTRA 
Cast Iron Plant. Ideal shade plant................... *2.99 
HOLLY FERN 
Extra la r g e ................... *2.99 
ACOBA DUST PLANT 
Extra la r g e ................... *9.99 
SMALLER 
G row ing in I gallon can 
ASSORTED TABLE FERNS 
Grow ing in I gallon cans 
DATE PALM 
G row ing in 3 gallon can. 
WINDMILL PALM 
These don’t freeze, 3 6 ” tall. G row ing in 3 gal. can. 6.99 

*2.99 

*1.99 

*6.99 

N O W IS THE TIME TO 
PLANT A LAW N 
CARPET GRASS 

St. Augustine. State Inspected. 

Large 384 sq. inch piece.. .4 3 ’ 

1o pieces fo r *4 .25 
CARPET GRASS SEED 

*2.98 lb. 
BERMUDA GRASS SEED 

*2.79 lb. 

*13.5o 5 lbs. 

PLANT COLOR NOW! 
COPPER PLANTS 
69’ each 
3 for *2.oo 
LARGER 
G row in g in 
A 
I gallon can 
I .4 9 
CALADIUM PLANTS 
69’ each 3 for *2.oo 
IMPATIENCE 
Bloom s all the time 
69* each 3 for *2.oo 

FRUIT TREES 
G row ing in I gal. cans 
PEARS 31.4 it . tall, 2 yrs. old. 
Choose from: Douglas, Ucon* and Buffer. 
APPLES 4 to 5 ft . tall, 2 yrs. old. 
Jonathan variety. 
FIG TREES 4 to 5 ft. tail. Choose from: Celestial or Texas Everbearing varieties. 

M 
U 
M 
S d lfiJ L * varieties. 
PLUM TREES 
4 to 6 ft tail, 
2 yrs. old. Choose from: Santa Rosa, Bruce, 
Burbank, Red leaf and frontier varieties. 
*3.98 each 
3 for *11.5o 

SPRAY FRUIT TREES 
NOW! 
DON’T HAVE ROTTEN FRUITS 
SPECTRACIDE 
Kills ’em all. PINT makes 48. _ 
_ gallons useable spray. 
5 • V O pint 

COLORFUL SHRUBS 
Use as eye catch. 
PH O T IN A FRASIER 
Bright reddish new leave. 24" to 3o" bush, growing in 3 gal. can. 
* 7 . 9 9 each 
SMALLER 
Growing in I gallon cons. 
*1 . 9 9 each 

594 
1.75 

SPEGAL GROUP SHRUB SALE 
All Regular $1 99 
WAXLEAF LUCIDIUM 
I 5” tall 
_____* 1 . 2 9 ea. 
BURFORDIHOOLY 
^ 
15” tall 
. . . . . I . 2 9 ea. 
GARDENIAS 
Everblooming! * m „ 
18” tall 
. . . . * 1 . 2 9 ea. 
PYRACANTHA 
2 4 " to 3 6 ” tall *1 « 2 9 ea. 
YOUR CHOICE 

* 1 . 2 9 ea. 4 for * 5 . o o 

REG. $9.98 EXTRA URGE 
HANGING BASKETS 
These are beautiful baskets, full of plants. Choose from: ferns, Sprengeri fern, SuHanes and Blooming Begonias. 
YOU NAME IT. 
>5.99 EACH 

PLANT YOUR VEGETABLE 
GARDEN NOW ! 
Now is the time to plant your vegetable garden. 
The experts all agree that the experts all agree that April is the perfect planting time for vegetables. Better yields, Better and Bushier plants. 
Plant your harden vegetable now. Wa have a large assortment of vegetable plants now to choose from: 
TOMATO PUNTS — These ore large plants, 6 to 8 plants to a tray. Choose from: tony Girl, Beef- master, Big Boy, Bonus, Floralou, Marglobe, and 
Rutqer. 
5 9 ’ tray 
3 tray for 51 * 7 5 
Look at these beauties growing in a pack. 6 to 8 pionic to pock Choose from. BROCCOLi-Green Com­ et, 
BRUSSEU 
SPROUTS Jade 
Cross, 
CABBAGE- 
Emerald Cross 8 Golden Goss, CAULIFLOWERS- 
Snow Bail. 6 plants to tray. 
S trays 

 for 
M ix OR MATCH 
TOMATO PLANTS 
Individually patted. 12 varieties. 134 ea. 
PEPPER PLANTS 
8 for 994 
Individually potted. Choose from: 8 Best varieties. 
134 ea. 
8 for 994 
EGGPLANTS 
134 each 8 for 994 
SQUASH.............. 134 each 8 for 994 
CANTALOUPE 
134 each 8 for 994 
WATERMELON 
134 each 8 for 994 

ARTICHOKE 
These are beauties. Growing in I gal. can.............................. 
$1.99 each 
ASPARAGUS ROOTS 
Washington, large roots. Growing in I gal* can.............. 994 each 3 for $2.75 
RHUBARB RdOTS 
Extra large. Giant Victoria, growing in I gal. can . . . 
$1.49 each 
BERMUDA GREEN ONION 
PLANTS 

Large bunch, white 
984 bunch 
SHALLOTS........................$1.29 pkg. 
GARLIC........................... $1.49 pkg. 

CALIFORNIA ROSEBUSHES 
Plant Now for Best Results 
This years crop. Many in him A bloom. Guaran- toad. Double your money back if you can buy higher quality at ony price. 
CHOOSE FROM: 

FRUIT TREES 
Growing in 3 gal. cans 6 to B ft. tall 
*4.98 ea. 
3 for 
‘ 14.5o 
PLUM TRIES 6 to 8 Et. tall, 7 yrs. old. Choose from : 
Burbank, 
San ta 
Rosa, 
M e th la y an d 
R ad 
Loaf varieties. 
NECTARINE TREES 6 to 8 ft. tall, 7 yrsl old. Choose from : Surecrop A G oldm ine varieties. 
PEACH TREES 6 to 8 ft. tail, 7 yrs. old. Choose from: Elberta and Florida varieties. 
APPLE TREES 6 ft. tell, 7 yrs. old. Choose from : 
Johnathan and Rod Delicious varieties. 
*4.98 each 
3 for *14.5o g u m m a , 

WHITE: 

Blanche Mallerin 

Frau Kart Oruschki 
Virgo 
YELLOW: 

Golden Masterpiece 
Buccaneer 

Eclipse 

Sutter’s Gold 

Lowell Thomas 
TWo-ToNE: 
Condesa De Sastago 

Forty-Niner 

Pres. Hoover 

Peace 
RED: 

Charlotte Armstrong 

Chrysler Imperial 
Crimson Glory 

Spartan 

Carrousel 

Mirandy 

Nocturne 
PINK: 

Mein Troubel 

Tiffany 
>2.19 
6 

 ea. 

 for 

Queen Elizabeth 

First Love 

LOW GROWING: 
Circus Two-tone 

Chotter-red 

Margo Koster-orange 
Floradora-red 

Iceberg-white 

Valentine-red 

ORANGE: 

Mojave 

LAVENDER: 

Blue Girl 

Sterling Silver 

CLIMBERS: 
Cl. Charlotte Arm strong-rei 

Cl. Crimson Glory-red 

Cl. High Noon-yellow 

Cl. Sutter’s Gold-yellow 

Cl. White Dawn 

Cl. Chrysler Imperial-red 

Cl. Blaze-red 

Cl. Aloha-pink 
Cl. New Dawn-pink 
3_ >6.5o 
•12.5o 
M IX OR MATCH 

PREPARE THOSE VEGETABLE 
GARDENS PROPERLY 
POTTING SOIL 25 lh. sock 
‘1 .8 9 
PUNTING SAND Approx, a bu. bog 
*1 .8 9 
TOP SOIL Weal for planting. 5o lh. sock *1 .8 9 
COW MANURE Guaranteed weed free, 5o lh. bag 
* 1 .8 9 
SHEEP MANURE**!! rotted. 5o lh. bog *1 .8 9 

M IX OR M ATCH 
S for 
* 9 . o o 

CLOSING OUT 
SPRING PUNTING BULBS AT RIGHT TIME 

Vt Price ...W hile Supp ly Lott 
REG. $ 1.1 9 P KG . 
Canna, C alla Lillies, H y b rid 
. 
Lillies, Am aryllid A o t h e r s .................. N O W 6 o 
REG. 694 PKG. 
PAHIA m ost all c o l o r s .......................... N O W 3 5 
REG. 34s 
ELEPHANT EAR B U L B S.......................... N O W 2 o 
REG. 794 
. 
C A N N A Roots, bo re r o o t s ..................... N O W I 5 

 ii i i i ii ^ bibiri 
■ mi— 

 o f v U 
S « E D 
Ts 
AT POPULAR PRICES. 
BEDDING PLANTS SALE 
We have solid truck loads of beautiful bedding plants for your shopping pleasure. 

C h o o se fro m : 

ALYSSUM - in Bloom 
LOBEUA 

Royal Carpet 
Crystal Palace Blue 

Tiny Tim 
MARIGOLDS • In Bloom 

ASTER 
Double Eagle 

Powderpuff mixture 
Doubloon 

Petite Mixture 
CANDYTUFT 
Petite Harm ony 

Iberis Hardy White 
Petite Yellow 

CARNATION 
SINGLE PETUNIAS 
MIXED SHADES 
Chaubaud Mixture 
Many in 
Chaubaud Red 
Bloom 
Chaubaud Pink 
Californio Giants 
DAHLIAS 
Carnival Deluxe 

Unwins Dwarf Mixture 
Razzle Dazzle 

DAISIES 
RED SHADES 

Gerbera Duplex 
Candy Apple 

Gloriosa 
Comanche 

Martoni 
El Toro 

Red Cascade 
DIANTHUS 
Red Magic 

Barbatus 
Red Baron 

Magic Charms 
WHITE SHADES 
Wee Willie 
White Cascade 
DUSTY MILLER 
White Magic 

Cineraria Maritima 
Snow Cloud 

Diamond 
BLUE, PURPLE & 
WINE SHADES 
HOLLYHOCK 

Powderpuff Dbl. Mixture 
Black Magic 
59 tray 
3 

Capri 

Burgundy 

Royal Cascade 

Sugar Daddy 

PINK SHADES 

Chiffon Cascade 

Pink Cascade 

Pink Magic 

SALMON SHADES 
Apple Blossum 

Ballerina 

Coral Cascade 

SINGLE PETUNIAS 
VARIEGATED SHADES 

Calypso 

Minstrel 

Bingo Improved 

WINE-PURPLE & WHITE 

Starfire 

YELLOW SHADES 
Sum m er Sun 

PORTULACA 
(MOSS ROSE) 

Double Mix 

SALVIA 

Red Pillar 
St. Johns Fire 

 trays for 

SNAPDRAGONS 
Floral Carpet 

Little Darlings 
Rocket Mix 

Rocket Bronze 

Rocket Pink 

Rocket Red 

Rocket White 

Rocket Yellow 

STOCK 

Bismarck Double Mix 

TORENIA 
Dwarf Dark Blue 

VERBENAS 

Sprit of '76 v 
Ideal Florist Mix 

Crystal 

Dazzle 

Delight 

Splendor 

ZINNIAS 
Button Box Mix 

Pink Buttons 

Red Buttons 

Sombrero 

PHLOX 
Beauty Mix 

$1.75 

PLANT SHADE 
TREES NOW! 
Th*** ar* all in perfect condition for now planting. 
ARIZONA ASH, 8 to IO ft. tall, balled and burlapped >9 ,9 9 ea 

ARIZONA ASH, 5 to 7 ft. tall, ball­ ed A burlapped 
'2.98 ea, 
2 for 
'4.9o 
MIMOSA SHADE TREE, 6 ft. tall, growing in I gal. can 
*2.98 ea. 
MIMOSA SHADE TREE, 8 to IO ft. tall, growing in 3 gal. can 
'6.98 ea. 
NON-BEARING MULBERRY, 5 to 6 ft. .tall, growing in I gal. can 
*2.98 ea. 
NON-BEARING MULBERRY, IO ft. toll, growing in 3 gal. can 
*6.98 ea. 
SYCAMORE SHADE TREES, 5 to 6 ft. tall, growing in I gal. can. 
*2.98 ea. 
SYCAMORE SHADE TREES, IO ft. tall, growing in 3 gal. can 
*6.98 ea. 
SILVER POPUR TREES, 4 to 6 ft. tall, growing in I gal. can 
*2.98 ea. 
COTTONLESS COTTONWOOD, 6 to 7 ft. tall, growing in 3 gal. can 
*6.98 ea. 
COTTONIESS COTTONWOOD, 5 ta 6 ft. tall, growing in I gal. can 
*2.98 aa. 
RID BUD, 5 to 6 ft. toll, growing in 3 gal can 
*6.98 aa. 
RED BUD, growing in I gallon can 
*2.98 ea. 
WEEPING WILLOW, 6 to 8 ft. tall, growing in 5 gallon cans 
*6.98 ea. 
WEEPING WiUOW, 5 to 6 ft. tail, growing in I gallon cans 
*2.98 ea. 
LOMBARDY POPUR, 6 to 8 ft. taH, growing in I gallon cans 
'2.98 ea. 
LOMBARDY POPUR, much larger, growing in 3 gallon cans 
*6.98 ea 
PUSSY WILLOW, 6 ft. tall, growing 
, in I goiion cons 
*2.98 eg 

OLEANDERS 
Many in bud or bloom. Many dos* to blooming. Growing in I gal. can. HAROY PINK, SAtMON and WHITE. 
1,99 rn. 5 for *9.5o 
SMALLER. Well rooted . ■ 794 each 

G ERANIU M S 
Bright red, etc., growing in pots 
69’ each 
3 fo r *2.oo 
ALL COLORS 

SWEET BROOM 
Extra large. Growing in 3 gal. cans 
*9.99 
SMAU, growing in I gal. cans 
*2.99 
BLO O M ING 
CARO LINA JASMINE 
18" to 
24" toll. 
Staked 
•1.99 
3 for >5.75 
SM A LLER 
G ro w in g in I g a llo n can. 
_______ *M9_______ 
BORDERER ASS 
SAVES WORK, NO EDGING 
Monkey grass. 
Dark groan, pot can ba _ 
_ _ divided. 
IO ta 
12 7 o ^ 

SSI 

 plants. 

CRAPE MYRTLE 

Rad, growing in I $ *1 OO gal.can 
I *77 

 each 
5 for >9.oo 
M IX O R M A T C H 
CITRUS VREE* 
3 ft. tall. Growing in containers. 2 yrs. old, grafted. Choose from: 
TANGERINE, ORANGE, LEMON and 
GRAPEFRUIT. 
>6.99 m . 2 i.r >13.5o 

CHERRY TREIS 
Montmorency variety, 4 to 5 ft tall, growing in I gal. can. 
*5.99 ea. 3 for *14.9o 

EVERBEARING 
STRAWBERRY PUNTS rtdividually 
* of ted 

CLOSE OUT 
FIRST COME... FIRST SERVI 
SPECIAL GROUP 
MEXICAN POTTERY 
We aaed room ... out at Hies* ridiculously low prices. 
REG. $3.49 BEAN POT. TVS" wide 
7" tall 
NOW *1.79 
REG. $2.39 BEAN POT. 6 ” wide, 6 tall ............... NOW *1.29 

REG. $1.49 BUN POT. 5" wide, 
5Va" talL . . . now 794 ea. 

REG. $2.29 PUMPKIN SHAPED POT. 

9” wide, 4 VV* toll MOW * 1 .3 9 
REG. $1.69 PUMPKIN SHAPED POT, 
8" wide, 4" toll NOW 894 ea 
REG. $1.19 PUMPKIN SHAPED POT, 
6’/i” wide, SVS" taH now 694 ea 
REG. $4.29 PAINTED PUMPKIN 
SHAPED POT, 9" wide, 4 VV1 tall 

 now *2.29 
REG! $3.29 PAINTED PUMPKIN 
SHAPED POT, 8” wide, 4” tad 
............... NOW *1.79 
IIG! $2.29 PAINTED PUMPKIN 
SHAPED POT, 6 '/i" wide, 4" tail 

...................NOW *1.39 

HARDY ORCHID 

I Growing in pot. Many in bloom 

7 
8 
’ 
LIMIT 5 

(Clip and bring this coupon) 

]Good Fri., Sat., Sun. and Mon.) 

REG. $7.99 
WAXLEAF LUCIDIUM 
48' tail, extra bushy. Growing in 
3 gal. con. 

* 3 
S ° .o. 
LIMIT ? 
(Clip and bring this coupon) 
(Good fri., Sat., Sun. and Mon ) 

REG. $ 1 .9 9 
DAZZLER HOLLY 
Has red berries, 24 to 3o tall. 
Growing in I gal. can. 

$ I oo ea. 
UMI! 5 
(Clip and bring this coupon) 
(Good Fri., Sat., Sun and Mon) 

GRAPE VINE 
^ j Extra large vines. Choose from 
J S 
1 Muscat . Thompson Seedless ond y t Concord. 

™ 
5 8 * ea. 
LIMIT IO 
(Clip ond bring this coupon) 
(Good Fr., Sat., Sun. and Mon.) 

F O R M ER LY $ 3 .5 o 
Montezuma Rose Bush 
Blooms orange. Growing in I gal. can s i s o 
I ea. 
LIMIT 2 J 
(Clip and bring this coupon) 
( 
(Good Fri., Sot., Sun. and Mon.) \ 

REG. $ 1 .4 9 
ORGANIC SOIL 
CONDITIONER 
Highly acid, dark moist 
88 ea. 
LIMIT 41 
(Clip and bring this coupon) 
(Good Fri., Sot., Sun. and Mon.) 

 f i & H U K H H K E * 

F O RM ERLY $ 2 .5 o 
£ 4 
W 
FO R M ER LY $ 3 .5 o 
PEACE ROSE BUSH 
2 } f f l 
CLIMBING QUEEN 
Blooms yellow tinged with pink. 
P C J R ELIZABETH ROSE BUSH 
Society, Mo. I kflf GcV A rich pink bloom. Growing in I j gallon ain. 
$1 s o v e 

1 American Rose Society, No 
Rose. Growing in q gal. con. 

$ I 6 o ea. 
LIMIT 2 
(Clip and bring this coupon) 
(Good Fri., Sat., Sun. and Mon.) 

LIMIT 2 
(Clip and bring this coupon) 
(Good Fri., Sot., * 

REG. 984 
Hand mode pumpkin shape Mex­ ican pot. Bv? wide, 5 W tall, f with dram. Hard baked 

Sun. and Mon) 

5 
5 ea. 
LIMIT 5j 
(Clip and bring this coupon) 
I 
(Good Fri., Sat., Sun. ond Mon.) ] 

' " n r .1 

 u 

HIBISCUS 
SINGLES A DOUBLES 
Red i Pink. 
Extra large 
24-3o" tall. 
Growing in I $ I 
O n gallon cans 
I #77 1 

WOLFE 
NURSERIES! 

I. 15o7 R U IZ 2. 7 o o 7 SA N P f ORO AVE. 

3. 3 7 o o B R O A D W A Y 4. 6 7 1 4 SO. F LO R IS 

5. I 134 PAY BO O KER RD. U N IV ERSA L CITY 

6. 8 8 o 2 PERRIN-BEITEL 

San Antonio EXPRESS-NEW5— Saturday April 2 1977 

G 
R 
I 
M 
M 
’ S 

NORTHEAST 
, 6923 Son Pedro 
PH. 344-4576 

NORTHWEST 
17o4 Bondora Rd. 

PH. 434-4111 

 your complete professional garden center lr ^ 'I , 

O P E N D A IL Y 8 : 3 o - 6 : o o — S U N D A Y 9 :o o -6 :o o 

HARDY INDOOR FOLIAGE SALE 
See These Beautiful Developed Plants Todayl 

I Gal. NEATHE Reg. $5.98 

BELLE P A LM 
18 24 * 
* 3 
97 

6” Pot DRACENA Reg. $6.98 
MARGINALIA 18"-24” 
* 3 

6 " Pat DRACENA Rag. 14.98 
JANETTE GRAIG 18 2o *! 
97 

6” Pot DRACENA Reg. $6.98 
MASSENGENA 
IS” -18" * 3 

I Gal. Reg. $6.98 
FICUS BENJ! 
24-3o” 
* 4 
97 

Plant Your Garden Early 
VEGETABLE TIME 
Onions 
Potatoes 
Tomatoes 
Squash 
Cantaloupe 
Rhubarb 
Cucumbers 

Asparagus 
Lettuce 
Horse Radish 
Okra 

Strawberries 

Watermelons 

(Sweet or Hot) Peppers 

K IU THE 
ARMY WORMS 

 sr r n , 

 fertilom e 

UNIVERSAL 

SPRAY 

BUDDED AND FULLY FOLIAGED OUT! 
CALIFORNIA 
ROSES 

New and old! 
All 
American Roses grow- 
, ing in 2 go!, cans. Tag­ ged true to nome. 
Only proven varieties for 
San 
Antonio, hybrid. 
• GRAND FLORAS 
• FLORA BUNDAS 
• CUMBERS 

N O W 
ONLY 2 
98 

UP 

B/R FRUIT AND PECAN TREES 
WELL K N O W N VARIETIES! 

V i O F F 

REGULAR 
PRICE 

“ A U SALIS FINAL” 

W UW UW t M n M W W I M M M M M M M M M 

Trust your trees to fertilome it works quart *6.98 ferti-lome 

SPECKMAN TREES 
LIVE OAK 
$12,8To$795oo 
(MULTI’S AVAILABLE IN SOME SIZES) 

SPANISH OAKS 
$59,5to$795°° 

G ALO RAM A 
BO N A N ZA 
Values From $1.98 lo $3.98 
Eleagnes, M. Youpons, S.W, 
Viburnium, 
Rosemary, 
Asst. 
Junipers, Asst. Pines, Mimosa 
Trees, Gold Rain Trees. 

ST. AUGU STINE 
LOCALLY GROW N 
GRASS 
97* x 

7 o Lb. B a g 
UT 

 ferti-lome 

C O N T A I N I N G 
CHELATED [RDN 

( WISTERA Clusters Blooms 
NOW * 2 
4 9 

RED BUD 
TREES 
BUY NOW ! 
Ho’V 6 9 95 

BANANA 
PLANTS large - Heavy 
Sturdy and Ltisnl 
N o w 
$3 ” to*7 
97 

Chelated iron will make your lawn greener! 

An ideal basic lawn food 
FLORATAM 

Decline 
S 
O 
? 8 

 fe s istu n t 
J L VQ.ro. 
ZOYSIA 

No Chinch Bugs 4 4% q g 
Low Maintenance ‘Jw 
VQ. YO. 

You can trust your lawn to ferti-lome...it works! 

COVWS 5,ooo SO. FT. 

S 
O 
2o lbs. 

< 8 fertilome 

WEED KILLER 
PLUS 
LAWN 
FERTILIZER 

RUDY SR. SAYS: 

Weed 'em and reap! 

Give your lawn a healthy feeding and control weeds at the same time. 
APPLY NOW!!! 
You can trust your lawn to ferti-lome,.. if works! 
Tome I ferti-lome 

Rudy Jr. Says G E R A N IU M S 
SOME BLOOMING NOW! 
3 
11 P A 
Y 
6-8 Size 
o 7 < 
» w l 
Auld. Colors r f 
5” PoTS£SL. *1.67 
6 V2” POT SB 
*4.97 

5" Trailing GERANIUMS *1.97 
IF YOU SEE THEM— YOU'LL BUY THEM! 

HURRY ■ 
HYDRANGEAS 

Multi - Large Blooms 
PINK AND BLUE 

98 S T 9 8 

PRE-EASTER BUYS! 
5 INCH POT 
I 
BLOOMING 

$6 

GARDENIA 

Beautiful, Full and load­ ed with Buds A Blooms. 
MUMS 
ALL COLORS 

$ 
4 
9 
8 

BLOOMING 
VIOLETS SSP 

$ £ 9 8 

 wmmmammmmamarnmmmsmmmmamammmmm 
* 2 8 I ZEBRA FIL WTS *4 
SPRAY NOW! 

The spray 
_ .... 
,if is in a fertilome |[C convenjent 

 liquid form and contains an effective fungicide. 

QUART 

* 
6 
. 9 
8 

5 Gal. 3-4 VITSX (Lavender Tree) 
EXTRA HEAVY 
$797l 

Aromatic, Artistic Foliage, laven­ der • Blue Blossoms • Excellent Ac­ cent Ornamental Shade Tree. 
Reg. 
$12.98 
SALE 

Trust your fruit trees to ferti-lome...It works! 
& ferti-lome 4k 

Rudy Says: 

NOW IS THE TIME 

TO FEED YOUR TREES ferti-lome 

TREE AND SHRUB 

FOOD! 

MAKES TREE 

FEEDING EASY! 

NO HOLES TO DIG— 

Has Penetrating Action 

TREE & SHRUB FOOD 

*“ 
• $4 . 9 5 

‘ 8 . 9 5 

BAG 

4o-LB- 
BAG 

ARE YOUR PLANTS READY FOR SPRING? 
AN D SUMMER?! 

APPLICATOR 
INCLUDED 
You can trust ferti-lome it works! fertiTome 

T in A nie r ic a ‘ 

 r f ti f u l P la n t? 
BeaUpJ 
Reco£nlze<i 

 u - i t h lNka 
! p 
T 
Q & P r o d u c t s 
BA so IL 

/ c o u p o n 
W c o u p o 
M l i / c o u 
P 
O 
N 
M i / c o u p o n 
I 

B O X W O O D 
Hardy, extra nice bushy plants. For low or border 
, planting. 
6 f V 
3 / , 1 M 
W /COUPON 
UMH 34 
— 

DECORATIVE BARK 
SMAU-MEDIUM-URGE 
Keeps moisture end weed', down. 
Req. VS.99K eg 
W/(COUPON 
$ A7 7 
T P BA6 
LIMIT 4 

»tm rn m m m 

IGE. 8' POT ANO MACRAME 
Neutral Blend With fine Tip finish for any decor in or outside use. 

 t im * 
* 2 * ’ 
LIMIT 4 

CONFEDERATE JASMIN! 
Bud or Bloom, fence, vine or ground lower White blooms. 
Hardy. 

« 9 * u 3 / » l « 
W / COUPON UMIT 24 

BACCIo 
POTTING SPIL 

 o r 
« iV 7 
AD 
SACK 
. J 

L f c o u p o r u i iPlfb ACAT AIACC 

BUY NOW 

 r c o u p d N l 

B/B ARBORVITAE 
24 to 3o" Extra full hardy evergreen for accent or hedge planting. 
Reg. S6 98 
------- 
W/COUPON 
4 3 ^ 7 
■ HiesseE** 
LIMIT I t 
TEESE? 

ACID PEAT MOSS 
Excellent planting mixture for sod & containers. 

Reg SLG? 
O O * 
W/COUPON 
V 
V 
LIMIT 4 
PMaRHMmMMORTf* 
■tm m m m m m w m m m m a * A * 1 

Vegetable gardens on the increase 

Each spring and summer, more families across the country experience the delights of vegetable gardening. 
Growing your own ve­ getables is an economical and enjoyable way of providing fresh, healthy vegetab les for your meals. 
A vegetable garden does not have to be large. 
It can be a small patch of land near your house, but it must receive at least six hours of sunlight each day. 
A l2-by-15-foot plot can product IO to IS different vegetables, depending on what, you plant and w hen you piant it. 
Fast-grow in g crops like broccoli can be fol­ lowed by green beans if the broccoli is planted early in the season. 
Cucumbers, tomatoes, peas and other climbing plants can be grown against a chicken wire or chain-link fence or trel­ lis. 
Flower 

Like many vegetable plants, these plants flower before producing their crop, adding color to your garden. 
Your decision on what to plant should be deter­ mined by the clim ate, soil conditions and the area available for a ve­ getable garden. 
Soil can be improved to provide the n ecessary nutrients and extensive watering provides mois­ ture in arid regions. Soil should have good drain­ age so that excesewater runs off after a rain. 
Novice gard en ers usually start with plants that are easily grown in most areas. Zucchini or yellow summer squash, beets, cabbage, several lettuce varieties and ra­ dishes are easy to grow anywhere. 

Variety 

Plant one or two rows of each crop for a variety of vegetab les. 
Rows should be even and par­ allel. Trenches can be dug between rows of plants for irrigation. 

Vegetable seed pack­ ages give detailed in­ structions for planting and growing each vege­ table. If you are buying seedling plants, the nur­ sery can give you infor­ mation on transplanting and cultivating the see­ dlings into m ature plants. 
Make sure all vegeta­ bles .receive adequate water, mulch to retain m oisture and fertilizer when necessary. G rass clip pin gs, wood chips and gravel can provide mulch for plants. 
The head, tails and en­ trails of fish you might catch can be buried in the irrigation ditches to provide a nitrogen-rich fertilizer. 
The Indians taught the 
Pilgrims to bury a f sh with corn more than 35o years ago. 

Apartment 

If you live in an apart­ ment or townhouse, try growing vegetables in 
18-inch paper pulp pots. 
You can plant the seeds in a com m ercially-pre­ pared potting soil which contains a time-release fertilizer and other nu­ trients necessary for 

Redecorate your outdoors 

Kirby Landscaping 
Timbers 

• Versatile • Long-tasting • Practical 
• Pressure treated with Wolman" salts to resist termites, fungus and decay. 
• Easily Installed • Maintenance-free 

Timbers and Planning Kits available at retail lumber dealers 

 or call Kirby Lum ber Corporation 713/659-1421 

Question? Problem? Ask 

Action / Express 

 in the San Antonio Express 

 i a b 
RUNNING SPRINGS 
M b i 

!| ™ 
NURSERY & FLORIST 
J 
! 1 
W I RE CELEBRATING OUR SECOND YEAR OF SERVING YOU WITH A GREAT SALE! 
| 
I I 
ALONG WITH OUR OTHER UNADVERTISED SPECIALS, CHECK THESE: r 

I 
IYH TD AT SHOAL 

I ASS’TrPOTS 

: 5 k , 
* 
! 
o o 

JAPANESE 
YEWS 
$ 3 2 5 

W 
6-GAL 

ALL 
H ANG ING 
BASKETS 

$ o ° ° O F f 
M a 
REG. PRICE 

PYRACANTHA 

I -G A L . 

* 
1 
2 5 

I 
WE WILL HAVE 

I 
I O O ’ s of HYDRANGEAS & 
EASTER LILIES (MULTIPLE B L O O M ) 

I 
READY FOR DELIVERY ON EASTER SUNDAY 

OUR FLOWER § 
SHOP WILL £ j 
BE OPEN 
8 
ALL DAY 
~ 
EASTER B 

;! 3743 FREDERICKSBURG RD. °7SZ£5!t 733-9854 

'n 

 re 

A thing 
„v\a NEEDS 
FERTILIZER 

'N 
SHRUBS, TREES & GRASS 

W U *'1* ’ 
NOW 
,6'2o. l3o. 

6- 2-2 = 22% SULPHUR 15% IRON 1.52 ZINC 

1 5 -5 -IO WITH TRIMEC 

15-5-1o WITH TERRACLOR 

1o-5-5 

7 

 k > . 

LAWNS OF BEAUTY inc. 
,3'5‘4 
865o BANDERA RD. 
,8'81o 

13-8-4 
684-211o 

 rH 

Sort Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— Saturday April 2 1977 

Lawns of Beauty is full-service nursery 

LAW NS OF BEAUTY offers a wide variety of plants 

Dennie Berry ob­ viously likes growing things. He has a live oak tree in his office. 

Berry is president of 
Lawns of Beauty N ur­ sery, 865o Bandera. 

Lawns of Beauty is a fu ll-service nursery, growing their own plants, w h olesalin g, retailin g and comm ercial and re­ sidential landscaping. 

“ Since m any of the growers are going out of business, now days you just about have to grow your own,” says Berry. 
“It keeps our people busy during slack hours.” 

The addition of grow­ ing sections is just one part in a continuous ex­ pansion program at the nursery. 
* 
Berry pointed out that plants go in and out style just like clothing fashion. “ T errarium s went out about two years ago and hanging baskets are on their way out now. 
I think, since the freeze in Florida last w inter, the foliage plants, the in­ door plants will be big.” 

“ We sell at farm p r ic e s.” says Berry. 
“ The plants we don’t grow ou rselves are shipped in properly 

 cared for. 

“ We consider our plants to be better groomed than any other nursery in this town. And our prices are an excep­ tionally good bargain,” said Berry. 

“ Before buying a plant, make sure you un­ derstand the proper care. 
If you don’t understand, don’t buy it,” Berry re­ commends to prospective gardeners and growers. 

Lawns of Beauty is ppen .seven days a week from 8 a.m. to 7 p m 

PAUL’S GREEN THUMB 

 m a w ! 

 r n 

ANNIVERSARY SPECIAL GOOD 
AT BOTH 85 HABY AND 51o3 BLANCO 
COME HELP US CELEBRATE! 
Sale good five days 
AZALEA R O M A in BUD March 31 thro April 4 
AND BLOOM 
Specials good at both 
Nurseries 

SO LB. POTTING SOIL 
4o LBS. TOP SOIL 
4o LBS. COW MANURE 
4o LBS. SHEEP MANURE 

PLANTING MATERIAL 

* 1.98 
PER BAG 

PECAN TREES: 
I 

>• STUART 
2 FOR I SALE rn UI Cf Ml CV Buy one regular price, 
) 
W* iLMLtT 
Second Tree Free 
• WICHITA (Those 3 Varieties Only) 

REDWOOD BARK 
Jumbo— Medium— Sm a ll 
For decorative use or mulching 

3-CU. FT. BAG 
S J I 4 9 
REG. ’5.25 - SAU 

VISIT OUR GREENHOUSE at 922 W. HILDEBRAND. 

FICUS BENJAMINA 

$2 " 
I GAL 
EA. 

HIBISCUS 
New Shipment 
*3.95 

PHOTINA (RED TOP) 

I G A L . 
*1.89 

WAX BEGONIA 

3 ” Pots 59* 
EA. 
IO for $5.SO 

NANDINA 
I GAL 
$ | 89 

HONEYSUCKLE VINE 
I GAL 
$ f * 9 

IMPERIAL 
PECAN TREE 
HYBRIDIZED FOR LOCAL AREA 
•ABOUT" 28 NUTS TO A POUND 

AZELEA 
(Lavender Formsa) 
Reg. $4.95 

2 Gal. 
*3.95 

POMGRANITE 
FLOWERING & FRUITING. 
4-5 Ft. 

Reg. 
$7.95 
* 6 
. 5 
o 

YARD GERANIUM 
PLANTS 
• Bed 
• Orange e White • Salmon e pink 
• Violet 
4-IN. POT 
$ 1 2 9 
14.oo DOZ. 
I EA. 

HANGING BASKETS 
ALREADY PUNTED e FERN • BEGONIA 
• SEDUM • UNT ANA 

FROM $5 
95 
U P 

FIG TREES 
3 TO 4 
FT. TAU 
• CELESTIAL 
• 
• BROWN TURKEY 
9 BUCK MISSION 
9 TEXAS EVERBEARING 
$8 95 

IMPATIENS (Sultana) 

Assorted Colors 
49<ia. IO for *45o 

PLANT THAT 
GARDEN NOW! 

I 
• ARTICHOKES 

I-Gallon........... 
$ 1 5 o 
EA. 

• VEGETABLE PLANTS 
Tray of Six................ 
79* 

• TOMATO STAKES r*i"84" 
254Ea....................... 
$25o 
Doz. 

• GRAPE VINES 
Thomson seedless, Fredonia 
$ I SO 

Reg. 1.98.................... SAlE 
1 

• GRAPEVINES 
Red Ruby........... 
*2 
5o 

OLEANDER 
Hardy Red. Reg. 2.95 
Sole *1.95 

UMBRELLA GRASS 
Grows in water 
*1.95 

PAUL’S PREMIUM ROSES 
Over 2oo Mott Popular Varieties 
OUTSTANDING ROSES FOR 
PERFORMANCE FRAGRANCE 
AND COLOR 
9 TREE ROSES • TREE PATIO 
« CLIMBERS 
FROM THE BEST GROWERS 

• California 
• Jackson 
9 And Perkins 
FROM 

BEDDING PUNTS 
For Spring Flowers 
6— Plants Per Tray 
79’ TRAY 

LAVENDER LANTANA 
] GAL 
SALB 
REG. $2.95 
* 

1 . 9 5 

BOSTON FERN 
Potted. Reg. 
$2.95 
$ 

SA U 

1 . 9 5 

FIG IVY 
W all Covering 
Reg. 1.98 
Sale 
$1 59 

$35o 

AND 
UP 

BANANA 
TREES 
New Shipments 
4 to i Ft. 
2 
FOR THE 
« 
PRICE 

SHADE TREE! 
FAST GRO W ING 
Arizona Ash 
3.95 Ea. or 

FOR l l 
OO 

CONCRETE AND 
CLAY PRODUCTS 
Squares, rounds, rurbinc 
Circles, 
Pots, 
Sowers, bird baths. 

1 o % 
DISCOUNT 
PLANT BULBS NOW 
• G LADIOLUS* BEGONIAS TUBEROUS e GLOXINAIS • CANNA LILY • CALADIUMS 

NO DELIVERY ON SALE ITEMS 
DURING WEEK LONG SALE 
INQUIRE ABOUT OUR PUNTING 
SERVICE-GUARANTEED WORK 

N U R S E R Y & L A N D SC A P IN G 

85 HABY DR. 
NURSERY 
342-4887 

NEW STORE HOURS: 

8:3o to 6 P.M DAILY 
SUNDAY IO A.M. to 6 P.M. 
LANDSCAPE PH. 734-6461 

51o3 BLANCO RD. 
NURSERY 
342-4888 

BU NCO BO 4SOO BLX 

Paul’s Green 
Thumb opens 
2nd branch 

One might think it unusual for a businessman to open up a branch a few blocks from his original operation. 
But in the case of Paul Zavala, owner of Paul’s Green Thumb, the new store serves to point directions for the larger 

The first Paul’s Green Thumb, 85 
Haby, is a bit difficult to find. Except for the street’s residents, the firm got almost no drop-in business, situated as 
"it is at the end of a street with no through traffic. 
Directed 
Zavala decided the solution was his new shop at 51o3 Blanco. Passersby drop in to check the offerings. Some buy, but those who don’t find exactly what they’re looking for are directed to the original five-acre site on Haby. 
The backbone of the business has been its landscape service, supervised by Zavala himself. He interviews the customer to obtain his or her prefer­ 

 ences. 
If these choices won’t grow in San I 
Antonio’s climate and soil, he tells the ] customer so and helps select some­ thing more suitable. Then he arranges the plants where they will grow best. 
Zavala started in the nursery busi­ ness as a delivery boy in 1952. He opened P aul’s Green Thumb three years ago. 
Anyone can grow plants successfully with the proper knowledge, Zavala be­ lieves. “ Many people are emabarassed to ask what to, do, afraid they’ll sound ignorant. 
“When people buy a plant, they think they have to fertilize it. Many times they are pre-fertilized and the people] actually burn the plant,” he advised. 
Zavala has also started a garden at! the Haby location to show customers how to grow vegetables. 
Plants are trained to grow vertically on wire cage frames, rather than spreading out over a large area to uti­ lize less land. 

• i i rn 

 w TS rn iW ilt -.-,... ^ '•'• I ■ .$ < 

J .ii 

 rn 

SAN PEDRO AVE. 

TENDING to plants are, from left, Randy Inselm ann, 
Margie Klaus, Olivia Zavala and Bob Sherman 
_________________________________________ 
STAFF PHOTO BY BUSTER DEAN 

FLOWER BARN NURSERY 

A COMPLETE GARDEN CENTER 

TOP QUALITY “HARD TO FIND” PLANTS 
LARGE JADE • SPATHYPHILLUM 
IRON CROSS BEGONIA - REX BEGONIA 

FERNS: BABY’S BREATH - PETTICOAT 
BIRD’S NEST - ZIG ZAG - BOSTON - 
RABBIT’S FOOT. 
HANGING GARDENS UP TO 3o”. 
* ALSO BLOOMING HIBISCUS ★ 

ENJOY OUR NATURAL SETTING AND BROWSE 

5'/z MILES OUT BANDERA FROM LOOP 41o 

(LAST NURSERY OUT BANDERA) 

OPEN EVERY DAY INCLUDING SUNDAY 

9 A.M. - 6 P.M. 

NOW HAVE WICKER BASKETS 

ALL SIZES 

TOMATOES can be grown easily inside the home as well as out. Plant in a good-sized pot and give it plenty of light. Jalapeno peppers, bell peppers, parsley and herbs can also be grown in the same way. 
■ M I S S I O N ! 
N U R S E R IE S 
Northside 
12123 
Nacogdoches 
655-8323 

2 COMPLETE 
GARDEN CENTERS 
TO SERVE YOU 

Southside 
2919 
Mission Rd. 
924-3181 

'HK 

EASTER FLOWERS your orders in early. 

J v 

 r 
:> Get your orders in 
Plants start arriving Monday. 
$3 Easter Lillies 
M Hydrangias 
I Kalanchoes 
, Azaleas 
o Potted Mums 
Gloxinias 
Geraniums * 
Blooming Beginia and 
^ Blooming Impatiens 
Growing in Hanging 
/ Baskets. 

LANDSCAPE 
SHRUBBERY 
Lowest 
Prices, but don’t believe everything you read. 
Ail we ask is that you compare our stock and prices. 

 e r r . wk-1 

" vr'v. h 

V 

PHONTINIA (RED TIP) 
Excellent privacy shrub, grows fast. Gal. size, 12” to IS ” tall. 
*1.98 

 fru T T trh s 
All varieties in stock. 
Growing in 5 gal. cons. 5* to 6’ tall. Reg. $4.98. 
SALE PRICE 

BOXWOOD 
HEDGE 
Very full gallon can size. Compart at 
$2.98. 
*1.79 

UQUSTRUM 

I gal. tin, 12 Ie It”. 
Full gram plant*. 
*1.79 

$3 . 2 5 

GREEN OR VARIGA1ID 
PITTOSPORUM 
I gal. Vary full, low branched far belt fullness as if grown. 
Compare $2.49 to $2.98. 
*1.98 
CITRUS TREES 

 lemon, Orange, Grape­ fruit, lime, Tangerine. 
Bearing Size. 

PYRACANTHA 

I gal. size. Red Berried 
Varieties. Reg. $2.49. 
*1.98 

* 6 . 9 8 

Now In Stock 
For Summer 
Color. 
Hibiscus 
Bottlebrush 
Bouganviiiia 

Best 
Transplant 
Starter 
For Ail 
Plants 
Qt. Size 
‘1.75 

 m m 

Colorful 
Annual 
‘Bedding 
Plants 

Choose from Petunias, Dianthus, Marigold, 
Verbenia, Vinca, Etc. Ind. Potted 6 Plants per tray. 

6lr...for $ 4 
. o 
o 
6 
9 
’ tray or 

VEGETAI [LE PLANTS 
TOMATO PLANTS 
Rig Bay 
Cherry 
Better ley 
Spring Giant 
' Patio 
Big Sat 
Homestead 
Nematex 

PEPPER PLANTS 

 pean 
Cayenne 

Individually Potted 

1 1 5 U . 6 ^ 6 9 * 

SPECIALTY 
PLANT FOOD SALE 
5 Lh. Box Size, Reg. $1.79 

Tomato Vegetable Food 
Rose A Flower Food 
Beouti-Bloom o-1o-1o 
Planting Time Food 
Azalea & Camelia Food 
Fruit & Shade Tree Food 
Ail Purpose Garden A Lawn 
Food 

IPU 11v)[; -j • ' i 
, * 

YOUR 
CHOICE*1.25 BOX zm 

PATIO STONES and Concrete Curbing 

2 feet scallop curb plain ... 864 
2 teat dome curb plain .... 1.o6 

12”x12” plaia patio Wadi.. 694 

12"*24” plain peri* Week.. 1.38 
12" round pletn step stone. 694 
11” remd pieta step stone. 1.88 

3’ tree ring (4 piece) 
5.31 

S' tree ring (B piece). . . . 1o.13 

For a few cents more we aha have the above in red, f een and pebble top. 

.far greener, healthier lawns 

 l t f N | k 7 m M m H 
• tar cm* 
• Fatypitaptat. 
• Paf.th 
• Wtfo) 
• lim 

( m n 1,ooo tq. ft 
Swge#ste«f e . t a i l •« 9 5 out IMMC! 
$ 7 . 9 5 

 m with CHINCH BUG 
Z/PP “EEL. hMMNtf tam 
SfrMf ta I Mrtrtartt 
• Mumm 
• F*<yf*«f<wfo 
• Fatal) 
• Wtfvt 
• ZIM 
• Ital 

( m n IM O u) ft 
S u fM ifo d a.tan se es 
OUK F e ICI 
$8.95 

ROSES 
Climbers, Florebundas, 
Hybird Teas, Grandif toras 

Growing in 2 gal. containers 

Non-Patented 35 varieties. 

* 2 . 1 9 
Patented Varieties 

$ 3 
. 
5 
o and up 

OXY 8-8-8 ISod 

LAWN FOOT) 

Oxy U T t a m ___ mea it o (omfitn, tafcv 
~ ta tjiiw tat 

 md ilmta. h tap ♦» 
■ t a o . t a M m 
ItrmMf ta.) 
CmMm t% tatrn M ta t, From .* ant a . ) 
.foal (m d .ffictUKy 
SO lh. t a ) ( m n 
MOO St- ft 
Super Sole Price 
*2.98 
Price Per Ton.. *3.5o Per Bog 

Geraniums: la Bud 4 Bloom 
Choose from Red, Salmon, Pink, 
Fushia. 4" Pal She. 

SPHAGNUM 
MOSS 

For wire baskets. Load up on this bargain. 
4 CH. Bag - Reg. $1.49 

«.« *1.15 
12 CH.Bag.-Reg.$4.19 
*3.25 

H 
San Antonio EXPRESS-NEW S— Saturday April 2 
977 
Death Notices 

1o1--W a tts 

B R A N D O N 
Mr Wesley Wheeler Brandon, 78, of 35o Thormon Pl,, died March 
3o. Resident of Son Anionic 37 years, member of Shearer Hilts 
Baptist Church, Past Master of 
Texas City Masonic Lodge. Sur­ v iv o rs ; W ife, M rs. E m m a G. 
Brandon,- daughter, Mrs. Percy 
(G ladys} Kram er; sons, Wesley w Brandon Jr., Ralph W Bran­ don, all of Son A n to n io ; 5 grandchildren and 2 great grand­ children; sisters, M rs. M eteor 
(Clara) Allen, San Antonio, Mrs. 
Richard (Ruth) Rancier, Mobile, 
A la.; brother, W. T. Brandon, 
Fairfield, Tex. Funeral services I p m. Saturday, April I, Sunset 
Funeral Home. Or. Charles Wis­ dom officiating. Interment Sunset 
Memorial Park. 
SUNSET 
17o1 Austin Hwy, 

F u n e r a l 
H o m e 

828 2811 

 vt* 

B R E V E R 
* 
M / S G T . 
E O W A R D 
W 
B R E V E R , 
US A F 
M E H 
(R E T .), 115W Younq 
2=11=1 born in M ilw a u k e e , 
* 
^ 
W ise. Dec. 16, 1893, e n tered re st T h u rs ­ day, March 31, 1977 at the age of 83 years. 
S E R V IC E S 
MO NDAY—1o:oo AM 
ALAMO C H A PELS with Rev. G. W. Schwanenberg officiating and with full military honors Su rvivo rs; W ife, M rs. 
Mary Brever; step-son, Ralph S. 
Gilbert, San Francisco , Calif., several nieces and nephews. Sot 
Brever was a member of Refired 
Service Personnel Assn., W W I 
Barracks No. 7o1, 2nd (Indian 
Head) Div. Assn., Kelly Masonic 
Lodge No. 1131, AF& A M , 14th de­ gree Scottish Rife Mason and has been a resident of San Antonio for the past SS y e a rs . H o n o rary bearers will be Ray Radzikowski, 
Ed 
Gerotd, 
August 
Kuentz. 
C h arles C u ile y, N athan and 
George Feagm. Services under the direction of a member of The 
L cion Code Fam ily of 
77te Afam o 
225 5731 
N. Alamo at Brooklyn 

Iff—Deaths 

C A S T L E B E R R Y 
Flo yd Glendon (G le n n ) C a st­ leberry, of 3314 Kirby Dr., Kirby, 
Texas, entered info rest on March 
31, 1977 of a local hospital at the age of 44 years. Survived by his wife. M rs. Jo y ce C astleb erry; sons, Roger Darry, Randall Brian and R odney G lendon C a st­ le b e rry ; fa th e r, E v e r t C a st­ leberry; brothers, Wallace, Ken­ neth, Bobby and L a r r y C a st­ leberry. Mr. Castleberry was tile owner of Glen Castleberry Motors and a resident of San Antonio for 
35 years Glen was a race car enthusiast and was also involved rn the promotion of the new High­ way 16 Son Antonio race track, also served on the Board of Di­ rectors. Funeral services will be held 2;OO p.m. Monday at Broo- kehill chapel with Rev. Jam es 
Puckett and Rev. Kenneth King officiating. Interment will follow 
In Roselawn Memorial Park. A r­ rangements with 

1>I—W atts" 

H E N S O N 
George M. Henson, 83, of Flores­ ville. passed aw ay W ednesday, 
March 3o, 1977. He is survived bv numerous relatives and a host of frie n d s. M r. Henson w as a member of the Floresville United 
Methodist Church and Owner and 
Operator of the Floresville City 
Tailor Shop tor the past 69 years, member of Floresville Masonic 
Lodge and San Antonio Scottish 
Rite Bodies, and the A lio fa r 
Shrine. Services will be at 3; OO p.m. Sunday, at Vinyard Funeral 
Chapel in Floresville, Texas. 

C A R T E R 
H. M. Carter, age 72, of 
2514 Vance Ja ck so n , died Thursday, March 
/v^ r\ 31, 1977. He w as a member of Triune Lodge No. IS 
A FB AM. Survivors: Son, Don L. 
Carter, Boerne, Tex.; daughter. 
Mrs Ruth H. Carfer-Amondsen, 
Los Angeles, Calif.; sister, Mrs. 
C ordie S 
N e w b lll, H ouston; numerous nieces and ndphews. 
Service Monday af ll o'clock in the Georgian Chapel of the Porter 
Loring Mortuary, the Rev Royce 
Makin officiating. Those who de sire may send memorial gifts to the charity of their choice. Inter­ ment under the auspices of Triune 
Lodge No. IS A F B AM in Sunset 
Memorial 
Park. 
Arrangements 
A N G ELUS F U N E R A L HOME with 

S raaktbill 
711 S. E. Military Dr. 
923-7523 

G A T C H 
Dr. James A. Gatch, 67, of 214 N. 
Broadway, Apt. 27, died March 3o. 
Resident of San Antonio 3o years. 
Dr. Gatch retired from T.S.O. in 
1974. Survivors: Son, Jam es G, 
Gatch, Barstow, Calif.; parents, 
Dr. and Mrs. Jam es J. Abrams, 
Atwood, III.; brother, Paul P. 
A b ram s, W e stch e s te r, O hio; grandson, Jam es Voorhies Gatch, 
California. Funeral services and 
III. Visitation will be held at Roy 
Akers Funeral Home from 8:oo a.m. to 1o:oo p m. Saturday, April 
2 . 

S IS No. Main 
226-72o1 

H E M S T R E E T w Lyle Hemstreet, age 71, of 117 
Ritz Craft Lane, passed aw ay 
Wednesday, March 3o. 1977 In a local hospital. Resident of San 
Antonio for 2o years. M em ber 
Volley Hi Lodge No. 14o7 AF&AM and past President of Lions Club, 
Corpus C h risti. 
S u rv iv o rs : 
Daughter, Mrs. Eugenia Hoessli of San Antonio; 2 grandchildren, 
C h ristin g H o essli and K e vin 
Hoessli; I great granddaughter, 
Michele 
Hoessli. 
Funeral ser­ vices will be Saturday, 1o:oo a.m. in Mission Park Funeral Chapel 
North on IM IO. Interment to fol­ low in Mission Burial Park North. 
ARAN G 6M EN TS BY 

 ti) 

MISSION P XKK 
FUNERAL CHAPELS 
17oo S E. Military Dr. 

4o4— Funeral Directors 

P o r t e r L o r i n g 
11o1 M cCullough 227*221 

H EN R Y G U E R R A 
6o2 W. Houston 
227-1461 

"Why leave your old unneeded stuff under cover? 
We can turn them into cash!” 

Call 225-1666 

TlPT— Funeral Directors 

M . £ R O D R I G U E Z 
FUNERAL HOME 

Pre-Need Arrangements 

511 Guadalupe St. 
226-6111 

Fulfilling a need since 
1933. 

 f u n e r a l c h a p e l s 

515 NORTH MAIN AVENUE 
226-72o1 

M O C H ) A P / 
1NC31M 
T 

&outteftbe 
FUNERAL HOM E 
63o1 S. FLORES 
9 2 2 -6 3 3 9 lobo M. Grimes, Director. 

D edicated 
Service 
Since 1896 

227-3136 
Riebe-Saunders 
Chapels 

 hh9 N. St. Mary's 

Reputation 

 based on dignity and good taste. 

 fSm. 

M a r t in e z 

 offering 
Pre-Arranged funeral Cantroctt funeral ktwrnnce Fetid** 
227-6281 

North Park Mortuary 
7 3 4 - 5 3 1 3 
Cho pol Hill Memorial 
Gordons 
6 5 5 - 6 4 1 1 

S r aokrhUi 
711 S E. Military 
923-7523 

W uk H ills 
8o56 Fredericksburg 696-7111 

 fir! lr r rat 
2ooo S. W.W. White 
337-4o82 
Palm ljrictf?t8 

3711 So. Zorzamora 924-4568 

1o5—Cemeteries 
Burial Lots 

6 LOTS at Lutheran Gardens in 
Mission Burial Park. Call Hair 
Design Salon, 494-7697 or 533-8S5S. 

Cemetery Plot, Sunset Memorial 
Park, by owner. 277-3577._________ 

3 Burial spaces, 535o each. Mis­ sion Burial Park, South. 923-o923 or 1 556 5692. 

1o4— Funeral Directors 

A SENSI OF 
BEING A M O N G FRIENDS. 

P o r t e r L o r i n g 
MORTUARY 

I tot M cCullough 227 8221 

AMERICA'S FINEST FUNERAL FACILITIES 

• iii 

211 Brooklyn at N. Alamo 

 d 
■ C h m 5 i e i U 

{D In A i m ClllU KDajni[if 

H O L L A N D 
Mr John Winston Holland, 75, of 
111 Chevy Chase Dr., died March 
31. Resident of Son Antonio 35 yrs., member of the Methodist 
Church, Mr. Holland retired atter 
4o years service as District Di­ rector of immigration Service. 
Member of Elks Lodge, Honorary m em ber of G I. Forum and a member of Lulacs. Su rvivo rs: 
W ife, M rs. E lta V. H o lla n d ; daughters, Mrs. Kip (L e n a ) Ca­ raw ay, Mrs. Lee (B e tty) Huff­ m an, all of San A n to n io ; 3 grandchildren and 2 great grand­ children; cousin, Mrs. Nona Hol­ land Allison, Weatherford, Tx.; great nephew, Barney Holland 
III, Ft. Worth, Tex.; niece. Miss 
Ellen Holland, Ft. Worth, Tex. 
Services to A.M. Saturday, April 
2, Sunset Funeral Home. G rave­ side services and interm ent 2 
P.M . Sunday, April 3, W eather­ ford Cemetery, Weatherford, Tex. 
SUNSET FuMoAe 

17o1 Austin Hwy. 828-2811 

K E N T 
Mr. Emmett A. Kent, 89, of 1975 S. 
W.W. White Rd., died March 31, 
1977. Resident of Son Antonio 4o years. Survivors: Daughter, Mrs. 
Louelt Griffith, San Antonio; sons, 
B A. Kent, Bigfoot, Tex., O. F. 
Kent, Quihi, Tex., G. Kent, San 
Antonio and Harmon Kent, San 
Antonio; IO grandchildren. Ser­ vices 1:1S p.m. Monday, April 4, 
Roy Akers Funeral Chapels. In­ terment Ft. Sam Houston Nation­ al Cemetery. 

5IS No. Mgln 
226-72o 

K I E K E 
Hattie J. Kieke of 2343 Roosevelt, passed away Wednesday, March 
3o, 1977. Funeral services will be conducted Saturday, 2:oo p.m. at 
Mission Park Funeral Chapel. In ferment to follow in Mission Bu rial Park. Arrangements by 

MISSION P X BK 
FUNERAL CHAPELS 
17oo SJI. MtlHory Pf. 

LO R A N C A 
Patricia Ann LaBanca, of 214o So. 
W.W. White Road, entered rest on 
March 31, 1977 at a local hospital at the age of 29 years. Survived by her children (daughters) Sheila 
Jean & Ju lie Ann Frlesenhahn, 
Michelle Jeanne & Christina Ma­ rie LaBanca; parents, Mr. & Mrs 
Charles Louis & Carline M oors; brothers, Jam es Moore all aI San 
Antonio and Charles Moore of 
Virginia Beach Funeral services will be held IO:OO A.M. Saturday at Brookehil! Chapel, Interment will follow in San Jo se B u ria l 
Park. Arrangements with 

I I I —Deaths 

P F O U T Z 
Charles Yale Pfoutz, age 84, of 123 
Brackenridge, died Thursday. 
March 31, 1977. He was a SO yr member of Golden City Lodge No. 
I 
A F & A M , 
G olden, 
Colo , member of Society of Mayflower 
Descendants; had degrees from the University of Utah and the 
University of California; was an official of National Lead Co., New 
York City for many years. Sur­ vivors: Wife, Mrs. Elizabeth H. 
Pfo u tz; sons, C h a rle s Y a le 
Pfoutz, Northfield, Minn., Robert 
H D. Pfoutz, Cherry Hill, N J.; 4 grandchildren. Private graveside service Saturday at I o’clock at 
Sunset Memorial Park, the Rev. 
William B Sharp officiating. A r­ rangements with fWter Luring h oi McCullough 227-1o21 

Jurek granted another stay 

P L A T T 
M r. Volney M Platt, age 83, of 
171o w Summit, died Thursday, 
March 31, 1977 He was a member and Ruling E ld e r of Madison 
Square Presbyterian Church. He was a 5o-year member of Iowa, lifetime honorary member M a­ sonic Lodge A F& A M , Ottumwa, 
Iowa, lifetime honorary member of Iowa Pharm aceutical Assn.; life member of American Legion 
Post No. 2, O ttum w a. lo w a ;t member of Sons o* America. He was associated with the Profes­ sional Pharmacol Co. which later became affiliated with W arner 
Lambert Pharmacol Corporation, and was a charter member of 
N.Y. Chapter of Pharmacy in In­ dustry. He served with the Amer­ ican and French Armies in World 
W ar I. Survivors: 
Wife, Mrs. 
Volney P la tt; son, R ichard A. 
Platt, San Antonio. Service Mon­ day at 1:3o at Madison Square 
Presbyterian Church, Dr. William 
Lytle officiating. 
Honorary ipallbearers: A. E. Smith, Dr. RI chard Whiteside, c. fc. nosier, 
W illiam Boyd. M. M. McCune. 
P riv a te In te rm e n t In Sunset 
Memorial 
Park. Arrangements with 
Porter Loring 
T HOI MCCULLOUGH 227-8221 

P O W E L L 
William Damon (B ill) Powell, Sr., age 57, of Von Ormy, died Friday, 
April 1,1977. He was a member of 
Som erset 
B a p tis t 
C h u rc h ; member Somerset Lodge No. 12o5 
AF&AM ; formerly was an active 
Scouter in the Alamo Area Coun­ cil Boy Scouts of Am erica. Sur­ vivors: Wife, M rs. Ruby Ellen 
Powell; sons, Damon Powell, Jr., 
San Antonio, David Powell, Den­ nis Powell, Donald Powell, Doug­ las P o w e ll; d aug h ters. M iss 
Diane Powell, all of Von Ormy, 
Miss Donna Powell, Beaumont, 
Tex.; sister, Mrs. John (Tommie) 
Moseley, Texarkana, Tex. Arran­ gements when completed will be announced bv 
Porter Loring 
. h o i M c C u llo u g h 227-8211 

Srnakibill 
711 S. E. Military Dr. 
923-7523) 

M E R C A D O 
Mr. Erasmo Charles Mercado Sr., 
64, ot 218 San Carlos St., died 
March 31, 1977. Resident o* San 
Antonio 6o years, member of Our 
Lad y of G uad alup e C ath o lic 
Church. Survivors: Sons, Erasmo 
Mercado Jr., Roger M. Mercado, 
Richard M. Mercado, all of San 
Antonio, Rudy M. M e rca d o , 
Oceanside, Calif., Adolph M. M er­ cado, Ontario, Calif.; l l grand­ children; brothers. Jose and Eli- seo Mercado, both of San Anton­ io; sisters, Fransica M. V illa r­ real, Herminie M. Sanchez, Satin 
M. Gonzales, all of San Antonio and Lope Montoya, Chicago, ill.; daughters-in-law, Rosie A. M er­ cado, San Antonio, Vera Mercado, 
Oceanside, Calif., Carmen M er­ cado, Ontario, Calif. Rosary will be recited 7:3o p.m. Sunday, April 
3, Roy Akers Funeral Chapels, 
Mass 1o:3o a.m. Monday, April 4, 
Our Lady of Guadalupe Catholic 
Church, Rev. Glen Egan, S .J., 
Celebrant. Interm ent San F e r­ nando Cemetery No. 2. 

515 No. Main 
226-72o1 

M IL L S 
Mrs. Johnie E. Mills of 112 Rid­ gecrest, died March 31. Funeral services 2 p.m. Saturday, April 2, 
Roy Akers Funeral Chapels, Cha­ plain 
Bill 
Simpson officiating, interment Sunset Memorial Park. 

515 No. Main 
226-72o1 

R O D R IG U E Z 
Mrs. Sophie T. Rodriguez, 73, of 
753 S. Getty St., Uvalde, Texas, died M arch 31 in San Antonio. 
Fu n e ra l se rv ic e s 
IO a.m . 
Saturday, April 2, Prospect Hill 
Church of God, R ev. Ern esto 
Lopez officiating, interment Bex­ ar Cemetery, Somerset, Tex. 

515 No. Main 
226-72o1 

R O SE 
Mrs. Barbara B. Rose, 57, of 211 
W. Glenview Dr., died March 31. 
Resident of San Antonio 14 years, m em ber of St. Jo h n ’s United 
Methodist Church. Su rvivo rs: 
Husband, Watdine (W ally) Rose; daughter and son-in-law, Beverly and John Po n to n ; grandson, 
David A. Bock, all of San Antonio; sisters, 
S a lly 
H efle, 
Je a n 
Schriber, both of St. Louis, Mo., and Rose Blum , Los Angeles, 
Calif.; brothers, Sam Shanks, St. 
Louis, Mo., M arty Shanks, Ne­ braska, Max Shanks, Phoenix, 
Ariz. Services 12:45 p.m. Monday, 
A p ril 4, Roy A kers F u n e ra l 
Chapels, Rev. Albert Merubia of­ ficiatin g . In term en t Ft. Sam 
Houston National Cemetery. 

515 No. Main 
226-72OI 

CORPUS 
C H RISTI 
(A P ) - U.S. District 
Court Owen Cox grunted a stay of execution for convicted murderer 
Jerry Lune Jurek Friday pending a hearing on a writ of habeas corpus. 

The defense writ al­ leges six errors in the arrest and trial of con­ victed murderer Jurek, and Cox said the defense position raises “ sig­ nificant federal consti- nonal questions.” 
Cox ordered the state lo take no further action regarding Jurek's execu­ tion, and also ordered the state to file its answer to the writ within 2o days. 
Jurek was convicted in 
1974 for the 1973 slaying of Wendy Adams, IO, the 

M O C Z Y G E M B A 
Frank S. Moczygemba, 418 Kate 
Schenck A ve., passed aw ay 
Friday, April I, 1977 at the age of 
85 years. Survivors: Wife, Mrs. 
Proxie Moczygemba; daughters, 
Mrs. Harold "M arg a re t” Strey and M rs. C lare n ce ‘‘O liv ia ” sobeczek. 
City; sons, 
George and Robert Moczygemba, City, 
Archie Moczygemba, Austin; sis­ ters, Frances Korzekwa, Agatha 
Moczygemba, Minnie Dudik, City, 
Flora Brooks, Austin; 13 grand­ children; 4 great grandchildren; numerous nieces and nephews. 
Rosary will be recited in the 
Dellcrest Chapel Sunday, April 3 at 7:3o p.m. Funeral Procession w ill dep art from 
D e llc re s t 
Chapel Monday, April 4 at 9:15 a.m. (or Funeral M ass to be ottered in Holy Name Catholic 
Church at 9:3o a.m. with Rev. 
Leo Dolan as Celebrant. The interm ent w ill follow in Son 
Fernando No. 2 Cemetery. Pall­ bearers will be grandsons. A r­ rangements with 

 irlirrr^ i 
2ooo So W.W. Whit* Rd. 337-4o82 

S C H U L Z 
Mr. Raymond H. Schulz, 68, of 
1o2o E. Humphreys St., Seguin, died M arch 3o, 1977 at his re ­ sidence. Survived by his wife, 
M rs. Jo y c e Schulz of Seguin, stepmother, Mrs. E.C. Schulz of 
Marion, 2 sons: Raymond, Jr., of 
New Je rse y, and Jon Schulz of 
N acogdoches, 
T exas, one daughter, Mrs. Diano Davenport of North Carolina, 3 stepchildren, 
Mrs. Barbara Parks, Blooming­ ton, Texas, Shirley Loetfelholz of 
Ja ck so n ville , F la ., and M icky 
Smith of Seguin, olso survived by several grandchildren. Funeral services Satu rd ay, A pril 2 at 
2:oo p.m ., P a lm e r M o rtu a ry 
Chapel with R e v. W ilb e rt E . 
Doerr officiating, interment in St. 
John's Lutheran Cemetery, M a­ rion, Tex. Pallb earers will be m em bers of the Seguin F ire 
Department: Tex Schulz, Adolph 
Bode, H arold Bro d t, Lorenz 
Schraub, Raymond Grimm and 
Roger G. MyCue. Honorary Pall­ bearers will be the rest of the 
Seguin F ire D epartm ent. M r. 
Schulz was employed by the City of Seguin as City Fire Marshall, hod been a member of the Fire 
Department for 35 years. Fire 
Marshall for 25 years, City Fire 
Marshall in Harlingen, Tex. for 6 years and Fire m a n T rain in g 
School Instructor at Texas A&M for 2o years and Consultant for the training school for the past 2 years. Arrangements by 
PA LM E R M O RTUARY 
Seguin, Texas 
Harlingen Papers please copy. 

(imo 

FUNERAL HOME 

O R T IZ 
Mrs. Adela T. Ortiz, 81, of 4o7 w. 
Highland Blvd., died April 1, 1977. 
Resident of San Antonio 5o years, member of St. Stephen’s Catholic 
Church. S u rvivo rs: Husband, 
Vincent S. Ortiz, San Antonio; daughters, M rs. M a ry Louise 
Garcia, Mrs. Emma O. Gonzales, both of San Antonio; sister, Mrs. 
Mary Trevino, Pearsall, Tex.; 3 grandchildren and several nieces and nephews. Rosary was recited 
7:3o p.m. Frid ay, April I, Roy 
Akers Funeral Chapels. Mass 9 a m. Saturday, April 2, St. Ste­ phen s Catholic C h urch, R e v. 
Paul Raaz and Rev. Charles Her- zig. Celebrants Interm ent San 
Fernando Cemetery No. 2. 

51SNp. Main 
226-72o1 

O R T I Z 
M IS S 
R A M O N A 
ORTIZ, 126 Ripford, born in Mexico Aug. 
1 31, 1899, ented rest 
Thursday, March 31, 1977 at the age ot 77 years. 
ROSARY-SUNDAY-7:oo PM 
ALAMO C H A PELS 
MASS-MONDAY-2:3o PM 
ST. P H IL IP OF 
JE S U S CHURCH 
131 Bank SI. with Rev. Paul Secilia as cele­ brant and Interment to follow in 
San Fernando Cemetery No. 2. 
Survivors: Sister, M rs. Luz O. 
Acosta, City; brother, Johnny Or­ tiz, A le x an d ria, V a ., se v e ra l nieces and nephews including Sa­ rah Poston, Ft. Worth, Tex., M ary 
Jane Fitzgerald. Clria A. Robins, 
C ity; nephew*, Arm ondo and 
Claude Acosta, Kansas City, Mo. 
Miss Ortiz was a member of St. 
Philip of Jesus Church, was a high w ire p erform er with Ringling 
Bros. and had been a resident of 
San Antonio for the past 5o years. 
Services under the direction of a m em ber of The Le lo n Code 
Family of . 

■JI 4 I*'BJ| 
IU . K l 

225-5731T is « e 
N. Alamo at Brooklyn 

SO L IS 
MR. M IG U E L SO LIS, 
1o7 Aransas, born in 
Laredo, Tex., Nov. 29, 
1923, entered rest 
Thursday, March 31, 1977 at the age of 53 years. 
R O S A R Y 
SUNDAY—7:3o PM 
ST. C E C ILIA ’S CHURCH 
MASS-MONDAY-8:45 AM 
ST. C E C ILIA ’S CHURCH 
125 W. Whittier St. with Rev. Charles Kelly as cele­ brant and interment following in 
FL Sam Houston Natl. Cemetery. 
Survivors: Wife, Mrs. Catalina M. 
Solis; daughters, M rs. Ed die 
(Catalina I.) Villarreal, Mrs. Je ­ sus (Yolanda S.) Guerra, Mrs. 
Ju an (M arg arita S.) Sanchez, 
Miss Angelica Solis, ail of San 
Antonio; sons, Miguel C. Solis, 
City, Ceaser Solis, Calif., Ja vie r 
Solis, City; sisters, Mrs. M aria 
Rentera, idaho, Mrs. M aria del 
Refugio Gonzalez, Mrs. Socorro 
Salinas, both of Utah; brothers, 
Jose Perez, Roberto Solis, both of 
Laredo, Tex., Francisco Herrera, 
Utah, 6 grandchildren. Mr. Solis was a member of St. C ecilia’s 
Church and Choir, Holy Name 
Society, Legion of Mary and has been a resident of San Antonio for the past 26 years. Services under the direction of a member of The 
Lelon Cade Fam ily, of 
71ht df&MD 
225-573) 
N. Alamo at Brooklyn 
Laredo Times paper please copy. 

 daughter of a Cuero policeman. Trial tes­ 

 timony indicated Jurek abducted her from swimming pool, stran­ gled her and threw her into the 
Guadalupe 
River. 
The 
U.S. 
Supreme 
Court said last Monday that it would not consider a review of Jurek’s case 
“ without intimating on the merits of the ques­ tions raised” in the Tex­ as appeal. 
Ju rek’s case was reviewed by the Supreme 
Court last July as a. test case on the constitution­ ality of the Texas death penalty. The justices upheld the capital pun­ ishment laws in Texas, 
Florida and Georgia. 

JE R R Y JU R EK 

... convicted in murder 

Justice 
Lewis 
F. 
Powell Jr. stopped Ju ­ rek’s execution last Jan­ uary pending appeal. 
That stay had been ex­ tended through next 
Monday and is superced­ ed by Cox’ order Friday. 

Army officer hurt in crash 

A 49-year-old Ft. Sam Houston officer was criti­ cally injured following a three-car collision near the base Friday. 
* 
Listed in very serious condition at Brooke A rm y 
Medical Center is Col. Jack Dibrell of 9115 Windview 
Drive. 

Dibrell is assigned to Headquarters, Fifth U.S. 
Army, a hospital spokesman said. 

Police said Dibrell was traveling north on Harry 
Wurzbaeh Road near Ft. Sam Houston National 
Cemetary when a blue van forced him into the southbound lanes. 

Dibrell’s automobile struck a southbound ear headon before before being knocked back into the northbound lanes, police said. 

The colonel’s vehicle then struck a second car headon. Dibrell was thrown through the windshield by the force of the impact, officers reported. 
EMS technicians said Dibrell received numerous broken bones and had internal injuries as a result of the accident. The occupants of the two other vehicles involved were not seriously injured, police said. 

Z A C H R Y 
Mrs. H. B. (Marjorie) Zachry, of 
4o1 foredo, died Friday, April I, 
1977. She was a member of Laurel 
Heights United Methodist Church. 
Survivors: Husband, Mr. H. B. 
(P a t) Z ach ry; sons, H. Bartell 
Z ach ry, J r . , Ja m e s Po w ell 
Zachry; daughters, Mrs. Louis 
(M a ry P a t) Slu m b er® , M rs. 
David (E m m a Leigh ) C arter, 
.Mrs. Tim D. (Suzanne) Word, all of San Antonio; sister, Mrs. Rosa 
Cudd, Ontario, Oregon; 17 grand­ children. Service Saturday at 3 o'clock at Laurel Heights United 
Methodist Church. Interment in 
Sunset M em orial Pa rk . A rra n ­ gements with 
Barter Loring 
1 tot M cC u llo u g h 227 *221 

WANT ADS 
ARE STAR 

PERFORMERS! 

2 2 5 - 1 6 6 6 

WE DISCOUNT 

^ M k K i 
NOT OVALITY CU /lO m hi-fi 

SATURDAY 
HOURS I 

1 
o 
- 
6 ill) ! SPRING JRSI 
H 
CLEANING ■ 
CLEAN OUT - 
STER EQ BON ANZ A 
A 
P 
R 
H i m 
S t i r 
M 
F 
^ 
M r S 
G 
J P 
G 
R w m 
B 
M 
P 
V i 

SATURDAY 
HOURS 
1o-6 
ZI 

A 
O 

PHmPSTURNTABLE F j 

MODEL GA427 

• SINGLE PUT 

• AUTO RETURN 

• BELT DRIVE 

CRESTMARK SPEAKER 

MODEL 
FIDELITY 12 

PIONEER RECEIVER 

• 3 WAY 
• 12" WOOFER 
• CUAN SOUND 

 jh 5 *® v 

MODEL 
SXS5o 

• AM FN STEREO 
TAPE MONITOR 
FOUR SPEAKER OUTPUTS 

$ 
9 5 
A 
CD 

MARANTZ 
ECI 

Sr- 

IL 

MARANTZ RECEIVER 

2216 

• AM FM STEREO 
• TAPE MONITOR 

BIC TURNTABLE 

92oF 

• AUTO CHANGER 
• WOOD BASE 
• COMPLETE 

+ 
V t 

ECI SPEAKERS 

SUPER 8 

• TWO WAY 
• 8“ WOOFERs399 

ECI SPEAKER 
CHANNEL MASTER 8 TRACK 
RECORDER/PLAYER 
MODEL 
1556W 

• 4 WAY 
• 15" WOOFER 

• SPEAKERS 

 a*. * « 
« 
— — 

C3C=H=D 
J— -J 
L - 
* * a sp* ii I 

 ti 
| 

MODEL 
HD6oo5 

• RECORD METERS IM 
• FAST FORWARD BS 

• PAUSE 
■ 
$69ii 

TEAC REU RECORDER 

MODEL 
43ooS 

• AUTO REVERSE 
• 7” REELS 
• SoLoNoIo CONTROL 

FISHER PHILIPS ECI 

FISHER RECEIVER 
MODEL 1o4P 
• AM EM STEREO 
• TAPE MONITOR 

PHILIPS TABLE 
MODEL 6A212 
• ELECTRONIC 
• BELT DRIVE 

•Cl 
X N 
Q 
U 
Z oo 

 r n 
V 
I 

 m 
> 
W M : 
W A 
» a t k l r n 
Oft o 
.MEME mmt--- 

« s 3 - 
oo o 

ECI SPEAKERS 

MODEL 1255 
• 12" WOOFER 
• 4 WAY 

$ 
6 
9 
9 

PIONEER 
8-TRK. PLAYER 

MODEL TP252 
8 TRACK PLAYER 
UNDERDASH 

Jj^PjONEERCARSHREO • MEDALLION 

MEDALLION AM/FM 8 -T R A C K ^ ^ ^ H 
MODEL 554- • INDASH 

JIL AM/FM 8-TRACK WITH PUSHBUTTONS 
MODEL 846 • INDASH 
IH B N N H 
$1 o 9 
95 

PIONEER • FM SUPERTUNER 8-TRACK 
MODEL TP9oo5 • INDASH 
* . . 
* 1 6 9 ,s 
PIONEER SUPER SYSTEM 
KPSOO SUPERTUNER • AD312 
• TS692 6x9 
CASSETTE 
POWER AMP 
SPEAKERS 

JIL CASSETTE 

WITH 
AM /FM 
STERIO 
MODEL 6o4 
INDASH 
AM/FM STEREO 

$69 
9S 

SCOTCH TAPE 

$ 
8 TRACK-9o 
LOW NOISE 

2o7 REEL 
18oo’ 
$4 

89 

29 

SUPERSCOPE 
PM CONVERTER 

H IS ANT $ J 
( ^ 
9 
5 

SCOTCH TAPE 

$ | 99 
CASSETTE-9o 
CHROME 

CLASSIC C-9o 
FERRICHROME 
$2 
49 

KOSS HYI 

OPEN AIR 

* 2 9 ” 

PIONEER SE2o5 id? 

SANKYO CASSETTE 
■ ■ ■ 
ST235 a m f m 
•Sw'i&sa# POM AUE 
•r'" f t 
-i-v'J* BATTERY OR AC• $ 
4495 

ECONOMY 
MODEL 

*1 9 
95 

■PIONEER ■ 
HEADPHONES 

SE5oo 
OPEN AIR 

SONY TV 

WAREHOUSE 
PRICES 
NO PHONE 
QUOTES 

SI 
CU/TOm hi-fi 

NOW IN STOCK 

FISHER RECEIVERS 

STUDIO 
STANDARD 

CRESTM ARK 
SPEAKER 

MODEL 
DELUXE 
49oo 

• SWAY 
• 2-1o" WOOf ERS 

D i/ c o u rrr center 

SATURDAY 
HOURS 
1o-6 

 r \ i — 
O 
V 
I rn ut 

W 
K l 

V 
I W I 

JJU 33 
— I rn 
* 
C f 

O 33 
-O I rs wmm 
X 
SS (A 
Z OD gmm v t 3 6 
G S C l 
Z V Y . 
C g 

> £ 

O S 
JL o * 

INSIDE THIS SECTION: 
Want Ads 

• EMPLOYMENT • ANNOUNCEMENTS 
• BUSINESS DIRECTORY 
• FINANCIAL 
• BUSINESS OPPORTUNITY 
• EDUCATION 
• MERCHANDISE 
• LIVESTOCK 
• PUBLIC A LEGAL NOTICE 
• AUTOMOTIVE • RECREATIONAL 

SEE THE “GOLDEN TW IN S” FOR ALL REAL 
ESTATE, RENTAL AND MOBILE HOME ADS 

E X r a E S S -N E M iS 
Page 
I -F lYlotorin 
World 

Saturday April 2 I 9 7 7 
Lincoln shows newest product 

By JIM ABBOTT i 
AUTO EDITOR 

LOS ANGELES — Lineoln-Mer- cury choose Los Angeles as the .site to introduce the new Lincoln Ver­ sailles to the national press. 
Two reasons for choosing the City of the 
Angels were giu'ii — they "wanted very good odds on having a pretty day, and the trends in automobile buying start in Ca­ lifornia and work their way east. 
The weather was as nice as one could ask — certainly better than Detroit — and the city was as crowded as ever with cars. 

 coupling and an extra hydraulic reaction circuit in the power steering valve isolate the steering wheel from road harshness. 
Wheels, tires matched 
F in a lly , th e w h eels an d tire s w ere matched to form a better combination to re d u c e h ig h -sp e e d w heel sh ak e . T he wheels are new forged aluminum and the tires are special Miehelin steel-belted radials. 
Meticulous attention to detail, yes in­ deed. But the payoff in riding comfort is very evident. In fact, the ride is re m a r­ kable for a car with a wheelbase of 2oo.9 inches. 
> 
Before miles-per-gallon became impor- 

If the California people, who seem to live in their ears most of the day. go for the new sm aller luxury Lincoln, the e a r’s nation­ wide success will be assured. 

A variety o f design techniques were used; ideas that had proved su ccessfu l on the Continental and Mark V were borrowed when they were needed 

• 
_ 
_ 
______________________ 
THE VERSAILLES, Lincoln's new offering to the motoring public, was unveiled this week in Los Angeles 
Spare tire soon to be obsolete on U.S. cars 

SPECIAL TO THE E X P R E S S NEWS 

SOUTHFIELD, M idi. spare tire is on its way 
- The to the automotive archives, according to the Automotive Information Coun­ cil. 
It m ay be a while before the long sought goal of eliminating the fifth wheel and tire on all cars is accomplished but the trend is definite. 
One reason for going with four tires is an cient in au tom o tiv e an n als — m ore room for luggage. 
The second and much more important point is the current need to reduce total car weight. 
Give more miles 

Bv federal order, the c a r co m p an ies m ust produce a u to m o b iles in the 1978 model year that w ill give them an average of 18 miles per gallon on their total out­ put. The m.p.g. figure increases annually until 1985 when the average has to reach 

AUTOMOTIVE DISPLAY 

27.5. W eight reduction is the s h o rte st route to better fuel economy. 
At least th re e tire m a k e r s have d is ­ closed program s that either may lighten the spare or get rid of it. 
Firestone Tire & Bubber Co. has just received a go-ahead from the National 
Highway Traffic Safety A dm inistration for its T em pa-Spare. a tem po rary tire that weighs 17 to 2o pounds less than the conventional tire and rim. It stores fully inflated but takes only half as much stor­ age space. 
Temporary tire 

The tem porary tire is just that. 
Inflated at lilt pounds per square inch. it. will give a comfortable ride. Its tread is 
2.ooo miles, so the motorist should have the regular tire repaired or replaced. 
Goodyear Tire & Bubber Co. is testing a tire that will run “ flat.” 
Actually, it is a tire with a tough molded fiberglass structure. When the tire flat­ tens, th at in n er s tru c tu re supp orts the 
"flat” and the car for about 5o miles at 

AUTOMOTIVE DISPLAY 

 nearly legal expressway speed. 
The driver will know he has a problem because the tire will thump. The tire has two built-in flat spots so the motorist will be aware of the need for a repair. 
Self-supporting tire 

B F. G oodrich announced a self-sup­ porting tire at the convention of the So­ ciety of Automotive Engineers in Detroit last month. 
It will run w itho ut a ir. th a n k s to a self-supporting inner structure. Goodrich 
>uid its tests showed the tire ran for more than 45 miles at 45 miles per hour. 
The G oodrich concept would req u ire some type of a w arning device to let the motorist know one of his tires was rolling without air. 
Auto company researchers have talked about a light on the instrum ent panel to alert motorists when tire pressure is low. 
When can motorists expect a new kind of spare or no spare at all? Sooner than they think. P o ssib ly , in the upcom ing model year. 

Instantly recognizable 

Lincoln s ty lis ts hav e su c c e e d e d in creating a car that is instantly recogniza­ ble as a Lincoln, either from the trad i­ tional Lincoln g rille up fro n t, or the tim e-honored C ontinental hum p iii the trunk lid. Once you see the car there is no question — it is a Lincoln. 
Having created a ear that looks like a 
Lincoln, the next question I had was could they also capture a Lincoln ride and per­ formance. 
The c ars we drove w ere not the Cali­ fornia super-desmogged 392 V-8s, but the better performing 49-state 351 V-8, the car that will go on sale here April 15. 
The engineering departm ent kept late hours in designing a suspension system that would give the best ride possible to the Versailles. 
Borrowed ideas 
A v ariety of design tech niqu es w ere used; ideas that had proved successful on the C o ntin ental and the M ark V w ere borrowed when they w ere needed, and some entirely new techniques were e m ­ ployed. 
Shock absorbers have a lot to do with the quality of a e a r’s ride, so they choose specially m ade M andrel-draw n shocks, then doubly in su la te d th em from the body. 
Low friction lower ball joints were used to help reduce suspension friction and lower steering effort. 
A specially designed weight mounted on the rear of the transm ission helps coun­ teract engine vibration. 
The components of the drive train are tested sep arately, m arked for balance, then assem bled so they counterbalance each other for m axim um smoothness and ride. 
To produce the best possible steering, a now T-slot, silicone compound steering 

 taut in the marketplace, sound deadening was simple to achieve — you just put in as much sound insulation as was needed, with no concern about weight. 
The V erSaille’s ride is exceptionally quiet and was achieved with a weight of only 3.918 pounds for the 351 V-8. This combination delivers a o to 89 speed iii just over 12 seconds, not dragster time for 

 sure, but good for a luxury car 
Plush pinstripe 
The V ersailles I drove was fitted out with a plush pinstripe cloth upholstered, power-operated, flight lien ch seat. Beal leather is available for those who want it, and individual front bucket seats can also be ordered. 
The steering wheel is positioned to give a good view of the instrument panel. The square-shaped speedometer reads to only 
89 miles an hour, but the car. of course, will go much faster than that. 
Steering response is quick and a c c u r­ ate. The power assist takes all the dead weight out, but still leaves a feel of the road. The four-wheel power disc brakes do an excellent job of bringing the V er­ sailles to a rapid halt. 
Driving down the Los Angeles freeways can he exciting in rush hour traffic, but our driv e-rid e test tim e was carefu lly worked out to mid-morning, traffic moved very well and we had a good chance to feel out the ear for com m uter driving. 
Wall to wall sound 
Hardly any of the outside World pene­ trates the inside of the Versailles. If you turn on the standard AM/FM/MFX radio, the dual rear speakers give you wall to wall sound, with total isolation from out- 
See Versailles, Page gp 

AUTOMOTIVE DISPLAY 

A modified Oldsm obile Delta 88 Royale coupe will lead the 33-car field on the first lap of the 61st Indianapolis 5oo-mile race on M ay 29. And replicas of the pace car are available at O lds dealers in the United 
States. The vehicle has a distinctive silver and black exterior paint scheme with red accent stripes on the hood and sides. Other features include a Firethorn red interior, Oldsm obile’s 4o3-cubic-inch Rocket V-8 engine and a sport steering wheel. Available at extra cost are pace car decals and an electric sunroof. 

----------------------------------------------------- AUTOMOflVI bttPtAY-------------------------- 
AtWOMOT»yj.D >M aA T. 

NORTH PARK LINCOLN-MERCURY 
SPRING PROMOTION 

NEW 1977 BOBCAT STATION WAGON 
4 Speed, Front Disc Brakes, Air 
Condition, L u gga ge Rack, 
Tinted G lass, W h ite Side 
W a ll Tires, Deluxe W h eel 
Covers. 

> 
' v . a 
.>*•»* 

* 3 
8 
9 
9 
* 
NEW 1977 MONARCH 
2 D O O R 
MONARCH STANDARD i i i 
FEATURES INCLUDES 

I" 
, 
• 

YOU CAN AFFORD TO BUY AND 
DRIVE * A BUICK AT 5o1 BROADWAY r 

4 
8 
9 
9 

* 

• 25o 6 cylinder 
St 
• Automatic • Vinyl Top 
• Power Steering • Pow er Brakes 
• White Sidew all RadiarTires • AM-FM Radio 
• Air Conditioned • Tinted G lass 
• Left Hand Rem ote Mirror. 
NEW 1977 COUGAR 4 DOOR 

Autom atic, Pow er Steering, Pow er 
Front Disc Brakes, 351 V8, W hite 
Side W a ll Steel Belted Tires, Speed 
Control, Bum per Protection Group, 
Air Conditioned, Tinted G lass, Dual 
Racing M irrors, Deluxe W h eel 
Covers, Custom Pin Strips. # 2 1 2 3 2 . 

5 
4 
9 
9 
* 

* 
~ *JUST RECEIVED SHIPMENT OF 
LINCOLN 
CONTINENTAL 
TOWN CARS includes Freight and Dealer Prep. 

" N O R T H VfiRK 92o7 san pedro 
341-8841 

! 25 MILES 
PER GALLON 
77 BUICK CENTURY 
SPECIAL 

BUICK’S FAMOUS V-6 

Automatic transmission, power steering, power brakes, air conditioning, radial whitewalls, deluxe wheel covers, AM radio, door edge guards, cut pile carpeting, Hi energy ignition system. Stk. # A1696. 

 psra,lcee * 4 8 7 7 

EPA RATED 25 MPG Highway, 18 MPG City, Average 2o Best EPA Rating in Mid-Sized tors with automatic transmission. 

^ K t ’77 LESABRE *23 MILES 
PER GALLON 
* z 
(Com plete Selection) 

A Beautiful Alternative To 
Tempermental “Luxury” Imports. 
5 
I 

 f a r t 
LAA i/ 

\ 
EPA RATED 23 MPG Highway, 17 MPG 
City, Average 19 with V-8 engine and automatic transmission. 

4-door sedan, 
V-8 engine, 
6 o -4 o THE ULTIMATE BUICK custom interior, automatic transmission, y a w a w p a a a rn power steering, power brakes, power 
# # 
C 
L 
E w 
I seat, power windows, power door a m locks, tinted glass, air conditioning, 
| 
B f l l l G S cruise control, tilt wheel, steel belted 
D e r G a l l o n radials, power antenna, deluxe wheel y r a 

 end much rn. ' S A L E P R I C E 
* 7 3 9 5 

* EPA rated 21 MFG highway, IS MPH city, averogt 18, with V-8 and automatic transmission 

W E C A N 
LEASE A N Y 
OPEL SALE STILL IN PROGRESS! 

BUICK OR OPEL 
O N SALE 
^ 
~ b r a n d n e > 
^ 
^ 
^ 
H 

* 
\ 
BUICK OPEL*6oo 
CASH 
REBATE 
HURRY - HIGHER 
PRICES ARE COMIHGI 

W E SELL B U IC K S EVERY D A Y TO PEOPLE THAT THO UGH T 
THEY COULD O N L Y BUY A FORD OR CHEVROLET.” 

5o1 BRO AD W AY... - V 
T ^ I T 
X 
2 2 R H f i l 
RIGHT DOWNTOWN 
V 
* l O U l 
SPIRES DOBLAS BUICK 
L I N C O L N * M E R C U R Y 

★ 
San Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS- 

AUTOMOTIVE 

Saturday April 2 1977 
| 
J 
792 
7^743 uitim m s 

I See what makes 
I 
I 
Mazda’s GLO 
I 
I a Great Little Car. I 

 ny pride vot 
•D‘ -r. the hut*. 

 to find another c s at this 
:e wf’to .1 rear -window wiper t washer and J tom .window 
». as standard equtprru-rn 

M M GLO. has a real seat that m i l half N ot pills (ft mer car in G I X s class oilers that It means you can haul around people md cargo and pack- iges Or mal you can fold both seats 
Ii it tor a big wide fully carpeted (kick 

 i "Jb ^ o o highway 
35 mocj c»i;v* Naturally met 
‘-LPA estimates and they rn 

I-S P IK O TltAM SM ItSIO N 
* Price for D#Iu*p model in 
Auding debtee pi epa Alton urid freight chorgi, tom, lirarw* f rn, options! egofpment eetro 
•TAX, Tm!, HUNS* AUO AHY OPTtOHAt IOUH*#fH7 UT** 
$3435 
* 
* 
Get a great little price on the Great Little Car. 
TOM BENSON IMPORTS 
95oo SAN PEDRO 
34 1-1 35 * 

NOTICE 
1o% DISCOUNT 
OFF TOTAL STICKER PRICE 
ON ALL NEW 1977 
VOLKSW AGENS 
IN STOCK 
NOTE* THIS INCLUDES 1o% OFT 
AIL MODELS FREIGHT PREP 
FACTORY INSTALLED OPTIONS 

DELIVERED IN 
SANANTONIO 
& BASED ON WINDOW 
STICKER PRICE + 
TAX, TITLE & UC. 

V 

ONE OF 
THE 
FASTEST 
SELLING 

'SELLING IMPORTS, 
STATION WAGONS, 
C O U PES 
4-WHEEl ORIVE W AGON 
1977 SU B A RU 
$322o 
Sid. SEDAN 
+ To*, title A lit- 

I yr. unlimited mileage warranty 
72 TOYOTA Corona 2-door 
............ 
<.......... 
$ ’ 395 1 
74 VOLVO 164 4 do jr, automatic, aw 
$4495 
73 WY FASTBACK radio, air sharp 
$2395 
71 VOLKSWAGEN (2) standard transm ission 
$ 1 3 9 5 
75 VOLKSWAGEN LEGRANDE 
Sunroof, radio ................. 
$ 2 9 9 5 
73 SUBARU WAGON nice ......... . 
$1895 
OTHER MODEL AUTOS IN STOCK 
NORTHLOOP VOLKSW A 
® 
SUBARU & BMW 
4623 Fredericksburg Rd. 732-7121 

A c r o o s f r o m W o n d e r l a n d o f F r o d o r i c k t b u r g R d . 
___ 

7o1 ANTIQUES COLLECTORS 

*7 ^ B a h c k R r?ie ra ^ 5 !o O O rT ii!e ^ 
Like new! 
828-6355 
Otter I 
7 696-o3o3____________ j 
1951 C hevrolet D e lu x e , pow er i 
Glide, 6 cyl. 72.7oo actual mi M ust j see to appreciate 51.195. 696-1335. 
■57 Chevrolet panel truck Black, oversue. Best ofter 433-24oo 

ROD EAST 
VOLKSWAGEN © 

■56 Chevrolet 
Call 655 449o 
Restored, loaded 

•54 C H E V Y B E L A IR all stock, I runs good $55o 341-3967 
49 Chevy 4-door, body only Me- i folic gold New porn! in process t of restoration 333-4418 
I 
47 Chevy 2-door Rebuilt ermine, i transm ission, brakes, and tront end parts New botterv and front , tues. M U ST S E L L ! 838 1975 
*4o C h e w P ic k u p i i ,2oo R u n s ! beautiful. 4o2 E M ayfield 924 469o 
64 D U N E B U G G Y , *73 engine 
Street legal 224-6956__________ 
194o F o rd p icku p All o rig in a l- running condition 69S-3222 . 

For sale or Trode 
55 F o rd 
J ton. S2Ioo invested. 656 1757 after 
4. 
1955 H U D SO N H O R N E T 
1936 H U D SO N W A SP 
1954 H U D SO N JET 
Not t unning, $15o ea 623 21o1 

NO BETTER CAR 
NO BETTER PLACE TO BUY 
14o2 N.I. Loop 41o 
O O O 
I O H I vIm it att N o c o | 4 o d i f » R d . 
O 
- Z O 
" I A w 
I 

COME AND TEST DRIVE THE NEW RABBIT 
DIESEL AND COMPARE WITH OUR GAS 
POWERED RABBIT. 
1o% OFF 
1o% OFF OF IMPORTERS 
SUGGESTED RETAIL PRICE 
WITHOUT ACCESSORIES 
AT PORT OF ENTRY 

*29 Model A Tudor Body restored 
M ony new ports. M uss see to op predate. $3,ooo-656 7122__________ 
1927 M odel T Coupe. Excellent, o r ig in a l. R u n n in g c o n d itio n . 
1295o Complete 1927 T C hassis. wire wheels, extras. $35o Both for 
$31oo 638 92o7 or 65! 6142 
N e w ly upholstered overstuffed sofo and chair, hall tree, duchess dressing table, gun case. Aller 6, 
653 7153 
75 O ld s R o y a le C o n v e rtib le 
White on white. Excellent cond, loaded with extras. 57ooo 828 3227 aller 6. 
1924 R-25 M odel X Fram e, run n m g b o a rd s , te n d e rs. C O M - 
F L E T E other ports. 653-4378 
1964 R O L L S R O Y C E SC III. 
O rig in a l black over b u rg u n d y . 
F u n p o w e r, a ir , R H O 
81,ooo original m iles, com plete ow n e r­ ship and service history. No rust, no parking lot dents! Superb ex­ ample at Classic Rolls, including complete R.R. tool kit iii trunk and 
Ow ner s m anual. $22,ooo. M c A l­ len, 
Tx 
51 2-682-o1o2 
R e s 
512 682-7ooo, 7 lo ll p rn. 
66 T Bird . excellent condition. bos everything $11oo or offer Al so front end w recked 74 C a p ri 
1473 648-1341, 137 473o. 

7o2 726 fDREIGN SPORTSCARS 

 s A v e Y O U R O L D C A R 
Reliable Sport Cor Serv-Repair 
Robinson s Sport Cors-R epair 
8343 B R O A D W A Y 
828-1389 

PRICE: 
. . .......................* 3 4 9 9 * 
SAVE: 
.’349.9o 
D o *, not include D is.*! or lim ite d Edition Cart. 

?o8 CORVETTE 

! 1974 Corvette con vertible, air, I 
I stick, 35o cu. Cream puff. $6,95o. 
69o 91o5. alter 6 696-5597._________ 
7i Corvette convertible, auto. air, : power steering, brakes, excellent condition. 
$4,5oo. 
227-77oo or 1 
492 95o6.___________________________: 
64 Corvette Convertible 375 hp, 
327, air. Excellent cond M ust see to appreciate! 
$47oo 
344-2o15; i 344-8335___________________________: 
66 Corvette Fastback 
New 427 high performance. 4-spd.. custom paint. For Sale or trade. Eve s; I 
• 1 773 5233.________________________ 
67 C o rve tte 327. 35o hp, all original except m ag wheels and 
- tires. Needs paint, will paint lo 
! suit. Power steering and windows. 
] Air $6ooo 344 2o15; 344-8355 
AS Corvette. 35o hp. 35o, 4-speed 
M ust see to appreciate. $57oo. 
344 2o15, 344-8355. 

7o9 DATSUN 

END O f YEAR SALES O N ALL N EW 
I 9 7 6 PEUGEOT — 
G A S1 A N D DIESEL 
ENGINE SED A N S A N D ST A T IO N W A G O N S 
SO LD AT PORT OF ENTRY PRICES!! 
SA V E $ $ $ 

- a r :-*:-:'if Hi*iii■" 
- 
I ^ C io s t 

Off Suggested Retail 
Price on any new 
1976 Peugeot. 

Peugeot 5o4 SL 
Gas Sedan*. 

Peugeot 5o4 
Diesel Sedan*, 

Peugot 5o4 
Diesel W agon *. 
W e 'v e cut the price on every 1976 
Peugeot chi our lot to m ake w a y for the m o rn in g 1977 models. 
So come on dow n for the hest 
Peugeot deal ever. 
But hurry. 
Quantities are limited end this offer expires M a y 31, 1977. 
•Rebate from P.o.1. Prlco. D oes N ot include Air Conditioning or Radio. 
BROUGHTON MOTORS 
213o AUSTIN HW Y. * 6 5 5 -o 2 4 1 
■ 

712 - JKGOMI i 
74"jagu ar 4-door, x7T T "FoT "?he 
D is c r im in a t in g B u y e r! 
L o w I mileage. 14,ooo miles. Will trade. 
1-836-2932. 
‘74 J a g u a r XK -6. 4-dr Se d an . 
Silver, loaded. 4o,ooo m iles. E x ­ cellent condition. S a crific e tor wholesale. Firm . 434-o611; atter 
$: M ickey Smith, 654-1274. 
•76 Seville (fustom One of a K ind ! 
Alt extras, moon root, new w a r­ ranty. Will trade. 1-836 2932. _____ 

714 -MAZDA 

64 M a z d a 
2 CVI, runs, $15o. 435 9298. 
3975 M A Z D A P IC K U P , R o ta ry engine, Loaded, dash air, white, m ags, tack com partm ent. R oof 
C V m oun t, a m -fm ra d io -ta p e deck, new tires, fog lites $31oo. 
655 o251 494 5873 eves 

5 o M F G 

$ 2 , 9 9 9 * 

72 M a id a R X 2 Coupe, 4-speed, 
* i$ * V F M stereo, a ir, M ic h e tin ro d lo ls, show room con dition, 
$1,55o. 227-77oo or 492-95o6. 
715 MERCEDES BENZ 

'72 25o, air, power, am-fm, su n ­ roof, low mileage, m any extras, exceptional cond. $6995. 69o-1367. 
1959 Mercedes B eni 22oS, Stored 
4 yrs 9o% Restored, low mileage, air, 77 license $22oo. 826-1443. 
■69 M E R C E D E S 28o Se 
Fuel Injected, pow er ste e rin g , b ra k e s, w ind ow s, am -fm , a ir. 
$45oo. 673-8328 
7o M E R C E D E S 28oSL, air, con vertible with hardtop. Excellent cond. $1o,ooo firm. 494-1218. 
M ISSIO N C IT Y IM P O R T S 
M E R C E D E S - B E Soles Service 
382o SA N P E D R O 
736 2243 

716 MG 

$16oo. 
65 M G 8 
Coll 492-1537 

61 M G A 
658-o724 
Good condition $85o. 

>66 M G B R O A D S T E R , exception­ al, $1495 firm. 435-4o63. 
'76 M G Midael Owner Excellent condition. 17,ooo m iles, $34oo. 
684-82oo, 8 lo 5. 
O R IG IN A L 67 M G M ID G E T 
W ire w heels, excellen t, 68,ooo miles, 51o95. 658-4465. 
■ 

COME BACK TO 
CALMBACH 

Visit vs and taka a fantastic DATSUN of your choice — 
FOR A TEST DRIVE, 
COME BY AND Sit OUR TWO NSW 
MODSLS — m 
S I O 4 - D O O R m m m N i W S P O R T Y # 
S T A T IO N W A G O N 
* 
J O O S X 

Everything a sports car has except a sports car price. 

* Color-keyed interior. Cut-pile carpeting. Reclining bucket seats. 

* A M /F M multiplex stereo radio. 
* Tinted glass. Tach. Electric clock. 
* 5-speed transmission. 
* Power-assist front disc brakes. 
CALMBACHl 

I 
Serving The Motoring Public for 6o Consecutive Years! 
12719 Fredericksburg Rd. 
• 
735-612 

 col 

INC 

CA VENDER’S 
[“SPECIALS” 

75 OLDS ISSX&SZT'. 
’5695 
I . , . a r u i# Went* Corte Coop#, factory on, 
7 6 C H E V Y power and extras, only 1o,ooo m ilosj l l l l l l l l l i 

CADIS Thunderbird Coupe, factory elf, «H 
/ J rvKU pawer end extras, reedy to ge ....... 

 t w o A i n r 98 H e ftily *d o « , A ttery 
•*' 
73 OLDS power and extras, sharp.......... 

1 9 9 A l A C o#l*t U HaldNy Sedan, factory ak, all 
/ 4 ULU) power and extras, vinyl top, clean... 
Cutlass Salon, 4-dear, factory air, all pawer end extras, clean........... all pawer 
7 4 OLDS 

7 5 BUICK 
. . Gutless Supreme Coupe, factory air, all 
7o ULU) power ana extras, stereo, cruise, mags. 

75 OLDS 
Cutlass Sup ruing Coup#, 

 p o w u r u i i J t i t r u M i 

$5295 

*2495 

*3895 

*3995 

?5495 

*4295 
*2795 

*5495 
*3695 

*3795 

 factory air, all extras. Special.................. 

 h a u t i i / Sunbird Coapt, 4-cylinder, (tan- 
76 PONTIAC dard, I-awner, original cleon .... 
76 CHRYSLER 

’ T C r u n t Malibu Classic station atopen, factory 
73 CHIV ak, alt pawer and extras.................. 

, _ . a i A C Custom Cruiser station wogen, factory 
74 ULU) air, ail pawer and extras, root rack ... m , a a ri r i l 
V Monarch 4-door, factory ak, all 
7o InlKvUKT power, and extras, low mileage, 

76 OLDS 
12,ooo MILE OR 12 MONTH MOTORS INSURANCE CORP. 
MECHANICAL INSURANCE AVAILABLE ON MANY OE OUR 
74 OR NEWER MODELS 
“CONFIDENCE IS CAVENDER” 
Cavender Oldsmobile Co. 

1oo1 Broadway • 226-7357 • 226-8772 

HONDA CVCC 

Hondo is the cor and Mission is the place, lf you wont o fine, comfortable economy car, Honda is for you. And the best price and service is at Mission. Drive out soon. 
•PLUS $2oo FREIGHT 
SAN ANTONIO’S LARGEST VW-HoNDA DEALER 
M IS S IO N 
HONDA/VOLKSWAGEN 
13oo Si. MILITARY DR., 
924-6516 

717 • OPEL 

'72 O P E L , auto. air. extra dean, low mileage. $1195. 349-9235. 
‘73 O P E L GT 
656-6927 
73 O P E L GT by owner, $23oo. 824-9847 

O P E L G T , S1495. 
Im m aculate condition. Potential collectors Item. 494-23o8 
O P E L 6 V Sport wagon, air il995 
333-8152 
718-PORSCHE_________ 

 g 6 T O P L E S S 
*74 Porsche 911 Targa. 5-sod., air, tape, mags. Low mt, orig, owner 
824-/348 492-9226 
______________ 
N O R T H W O O D P O R S C H E A U D I 
1236 N.E. O D P 41o 
824-3214 
*7? P O R S C H E 914 
A M -F M , $27oo, 699-o941. 
1975 P o rs c h e C a rr e r o T a rg a 
$15,5oo 25,ooo miles. 684-5642 
76 P O R S C H E 914. 12,ooo mi. Air, radio 1-232 5426 
'72 P o rsch e 911 T a rg a 5-spd., alloys, A M -F M stereo tape. Full instrum ents. E xce lle n t. $815o. 
Call: 494-57oo. 
7o Porsche 91 IT, In good candi hon, $675o firm. 828-8576, 349 8844 

721-SUBURB 

‘71 Subaru. 2-door, excellent con­ dition. 32 mpg Below book $895. 
684 3617. 

 r n 
TOYOTA 

A L A M O T O Y O T A 
Across From Airport 828-o723 
_______ 524 N .E . LO O P 41o_______ 
72 Celico GT, 48,ooo miles, air, clean. 435-3153. 
'74 Celica GT. V e ry clean, A M - 
F M , a ir. 5 sp e e d , by o w n e r. 
227-3123; atter 5: 696-o74o. 

THE GAS SAVER! 

*4995 f 7 R T f t V A T A Land C ruiser- Ait, 4 wheel 
I V 
I l l I V I H drive. 4 speed Worrier Hubs 
1 7 c T A V A T A M ark Ii — Four Dr Automatic, 
1 1 1 
I U I U I l l Au. Pow er Brakes. Power 
Steering, Stereo. 72oo Milos 
I l l V Pickup-~d Speed. Radio. Air, 
L U A Only 9.ooo miles 
'76 HI 

» 7 C T A V A T A Celica G T I iftback - 
I V 
I U T U I H Air. AM /FM 5 Speed 

 f 7 H I I I I U Y P,ck,*p ~ 4 Spsed. 
I 
V II L U A Radio. 4b.OOO miles 

’75 FORD " o w*9on 
' Automatic, Air 

DATSUN62o4* M 
4 Speed. AM, I M 
’74 

* 7 o T A V A T A Corona Mat k ll W. mon 
I L 
I U T U I A Automatic. Air, Radio 
’72 VW Fastback - Radio, 
! 4-Speed. Air 

Hornet —6 Cylinder. 
Ax. Radio ......... 
’71 SMC 

I C O C A D A 2 o ’ Hardtop. VB. 
V O I W il l/ Automatic. Air Radio 

 t e n y r D P U 
V 4 Dr A u«oir><it»c. Air 
V a * HKRvUll I Power Steering 

*4895 
‘3595 
'4495 
’2695 
’2495 
‘2195 
‘1995 
‘1595 
‘1o95 
‘ 595 
‘395 

3 8 3 4 Fred ericksb urg Rd. 
736-4471 

NEW CAR SHOWROOM 
OPEN 9 A.M .-9 P.M. 
SEI THE ALL 
NEW *77 VOLKSWAGENS 
3 Year/5o,ooo Mile 
Warranty Available 
USED VOLKSW AGENS 
’76 VW BUS automatic, air, radio, one owner.. . . *5895 
’75 VW RABBIT 
*3188 
’74 VW SUPER tit, d e an 
*2595 

’74 VW SUPER m£sma^ *: *3:ooo'.......*2895 
74 VW BUS 7-passenger, standard, radio.. . . . *3895 
73 TOYOTA standard .......... 
*2o88 
7 2 VW S q u a w k ..................... *1795 
’72 VW Standard, extra dean, lew mileage ., . . . *1975 
’72 VW SUPER Standard, dean, ak. 
.........*1595 

* 
¥ 

* 

* 
* 
¥ 
* 
* 
¥ 
¥ 
¥ 
¥ 

¥ 
¥ 

¥ 
¥ 

FREE 1977 License Plates * 

7 o CHEVIOlfT pick.,, 
•vMmalii and mr, p*w*r itMxinx ant brokn 
, 
*7o16-4............ 
73 BOOG! >, fen, aula- 

1 4 8 8 

’74 F-2SC mjiomatk, mr teiaiitiontJ, ramp*!, eilre ane »9I64 * . 

7 2 KH ® Vt ten, avto- malic ak, dual itnki, 
49132-4 ......... 

‘2 9 8 8 

’2 6 8 8 

M 7 8 3 

7 5 FORD XLT F-15o lamaht, ak, #6*84-4 

7 5 FORD M O O aal#- 
4488 

‘3 6 8 8 
#715* 
7 4 CHfVROlfT Cujtom 
Deluit, rtaadatd with ait. K 9 1 6 9 ........ 

7 5 RANCHfRO 
4l4 f. ilarae, outemaik 
*«k arr. Bannat iiaarmj- 
21,8oo mrla«, luxury 
< interior, a 7121 

7 5 FORD F-25o ..... 
M O B O mafic and air 
6^6o-A 4ZO O 

*2 9 8 8 

'4 6 8 8 

■ n o r t h central fo r d 
98oo SAN PEDRO 341 -5571, esc*. 3oo 

 k i t ★ 
★ 
★ 
★ 
★ 
★ 
★ 
★ 
★ 
★ 
★ 
★ 
★ 
★ 
★ 
★ 
★ 
★ 
★ 
★ 
★ 
★ 
★ i i 

O v e r IO O n . w A u s e d c o r * in i t o c k 
SERVICE OPEN 7 to 6 
PARTS OPEN SAT. ALL DAY 

L o n e S t a r v o l k s w a g e n 

33o3 Broadway 
8 2 4 * 7 3 1 1 

INTRODUCING 
LE CAR RENAULT R5 
Performance 

The cor will not boro you. During 1976, it took first in its doss in 12 out of 
16 rotes, beating Mondos, Datsuns, Pintos, Vegas, Toyotas and Fiats. Great performance, plus 4! MPG highway, 25 MPG city, according to EPA tests*. 
Remember: These mileage figures ore estimates. The actual mileage you get will vary depending on the type of driving you do, your driving habits, your car's condition and optional equipment. 
BROUGHTON MOTORS 
213o AUSTIN HWY. 
655-o241 

‘74 C e lica. N o e q u ity 
$31oo. 
435-3713 otter 5pm. 
‘73 Corona M a rk ii M X , 4 speed, p ow e r ste e rin g , a ir, A M - F M , radials, low mileage, extra clean, 
$2495. 699 18o3 otter 6pm 

73 Doisun 24oZ A M -F M lope, air, 
4 speed, met. brown, ton interior, 
Ptrelli radials, $4o95. 684-1114 

IF YOU CAN BUY A B ET T ER 
BU ILT SM A LL CAR THAN AT; 
D R Y ER TOYOTA 
BUY IT 
74 TO YO TA C E L IC A 5o ooo mr good condition, 4-speed, radio, heater. $19oo. 433-7374 eves l l T O Y O T A C E L IC A , take over paym ents of $117 mo. Call M rs. 
Tanner 333-9266 or 225-6551. 
73 T O Y O T A C O R IN A , outo, air, cle a n $1595. 
9s°o f in a n c in g available. 224-441o 
74 T O Y 6 T A Corolla, 2-door, Got- denbrown, with trunk rack. New car trade-in. A real sharp econ­ om y car n u SA N P E D R O 227-7511, Jack 
73 Datsun 24Q-Z. Blue, white in­ terior, Air. A M -F M . im m aculate! 
S46oo 656-413o. n Datsun 74o Z Fuliv equipped. fine condition. $27oo. 1-438-7239. 
1973 
D A T S U N 
24o-Z. 
L I K E 
N E W !! 826 9565, 695-8o56_________ 
76 Datsun 28oZ 2 + 2, !4,oo6 mi. like new, 723 31 57 822-9523 
1972 Datsun 24oZ 4-speed, air, low miles. 136oo-828-2731 
73 24oZ, auto, excellent con. new disc b rakes, steel radials. Life shocks, air, am-fm $375o firm. 
826-o1oo 
73 24oZ, 4 speed, an , mags, *3895. will lake trade 699-o294 

7o4-AUDI 

■74 A U D I I COLS 4-door Auto, un 
LOW miles- *36oo 828 2731 
74 Audi LS IOO 4 dr 4-speed, sun roo!, A M -F M , air, 344 8262. 
7oS-AUSTIN 

•77 C O R V E T T E , loaded 9,ooo mi. 
$97oo, will luke trade, 699-o294 
71o-FIAT 

■76 Corvette. Loaded, L 48 eng., 
14,ooo nu E xce lle n t condition. 
5865o. 824 o161; eves 6911223 

Fiat 85o Spider, 1973. 3o,ooo miles, 
3ompg *2ooo. 684-8984 

75 C o rve tte 
L o a d e d 
D a y s : 
736-4311 ; evenings; 69o-9981. 
Corvette '76 17,ooo m iles, excel­ lent, $79oo or bes! oiler. 656 7425 

71 F IA T 85o Soorf, ru n s good, 
$495. 
95% financing available 
224-441o 

’7 6 F I A T S p v d e r 1 2 4 
Still in w arranty, 534-7134 

74 T O Y O T A C O R O L L A v e r y good condition $1695. 341-23o4 
1972 Toyoto Corolla, 44,ooo mi. air, A M -F M radio, 51,5oo. 532-3545 eve. 
‘71 T o y o ta C o ro n a M a r k ti 
W agon. 4-sod., air, new battery and shocks. $14oo. 659-1187. 
71 Toyota Corolla. New e mpg. 
Excellent cond. 
674-8532 

34 
$995. 

‘74 Toyota C orona S W, loaded. 
T a k e o ve r p a ym e n ts, a ssu m e balance. 1oo% financing. C all: 
Ernie, 68I-3B71 

*73 T o yo ta Coupe. A ir, 4-sod . 
A M -F M , new battery, tires 
681-2119. 

4 door 71T8YoTA $995 standard 435-1641 
‘71 Toyota M a rk ll. M otor over hauled, new tires $1o5o. 828-oo43 

•71 Austin Am erica. Needs work 
Best Oiler. 225-o94o. 341 1941 
69 Austin Am erican 34,ooo orig m iles 
P e rfe c t con d ition $6oo firm 699 168o 

75 C O R V E T T E , perfect co n d i­ tion coli 822-5596 eves 
1974 C O R V E T T E 4 S P E E D 
Brown. Loaded! 
$6895 
TOM B E N S O N IM P O R T S 
96oo SA N P E D R O 
341 135* 

73 BM W 
695-9324. 
2oo2 
Automatic, uir. 

B M W 77 B a v a ria With extras 
Call 658-7242 atter 8 p m _________ 
■73 B M W 3 o-S D e lu x e S e d a n . 
4dr.. 
44,oo8 miles, 
I owner. 
494 59o5 

7 5 Corvette 4-spd., burgundy. 
$649o. 
34 J 1946. 

 full power, 
AVO-4o1o; 

S t in g r a y 
Im - condition! 

7o7-CAPRI 

74 C A P R I 26oo 
A ir, A M F M , deluxe inferior. 4-Spd , 25,OOO mi. j 
Excellent cond. 
‘77 lie. 
$28oo. I 
341 1866_____________________ 
( I 
•73 C A P R i',"6 " c v I a rr, arn I rrT. 
Brown. 1195o. 653 UPV eves 
74 Copri. Low mileage, lu xu ry interior. A M FM , 4-speed Excel- lent 684-7521. 
. 
74 Capri 4-speed oir, V 6 28ooct engine. A M F M stereo with tape. , 
$ 2 4 o o -8 2 8 -2 7 3 1 
__ 

73 Capri v-6, air 4-soeed. A M -F M tape $22oo 342-7197 ofter 4 o rn 

66 
C o rve tte maculate 
$5995-337-7264 
I v/6 Corvette T Top. 4 speed. 
L-48. Pow er windows, T and T wheel. A M -F M stereo, L u g g a g e rack 
M ust sell. 
Call 
Clyde 
222 2774 
77 Orange Vette Auto , A M F M tape, all power Walter G e ra g h ty: 
225 5333; 684 34o8_________________ 
65 S T IN G R A Y C ai velte, J27 
4-speed, power, new tires, perfect cond $51oo toke trode 699-o294 
'77 V E T T E 
Stiver 
4 s p d ., L82 e n g in e 
L o a d e d . W a lte r Ge raghfy 225 5333; 684 34o8 

76 F IA T 124 S P Y D E R 1o,ooo m iles, A M - F M stereo cossette deck, luggage rock, wire wheels, e x c e lle n t c o n d itio n 
224-5856 days; 
828-854o nights and weekends. 
'7 ? Fiat 85o Spvder, excellent, radio, radials, $145o 826 448o 
Ii F IA T W A G O N $795, C L E A N . 
R U N S G O O D 1 822-o14!___________ 
72 F IA T 128 wagon, ru n s good 
$595 333-8152 
For Sale; 71 Fiat 85o, runs good 
Plus 197o Biol 85o tor parts. $5oo 
F o r All. R o y o r Y o la n d a L o n g 
657 2718, Can Be Seen at 7611 Glen 
Foils 
711 HONDA__________ 

1974 F IO N D A B L U E T u r a m a H c tra n sm issio n 
Radio, air 

72 T O Y O T A M A R K ll 
Station W agon. Autom atic Iro n s mission. 
Radio, air conditioned .......................$1995 
T O M B E N S O N IM P O R T S 
96oo SA N P E D R O 
341 1356 
T O Y O T A O F S A N A N T O N IO 
17o3 S E. M IL IT A R Y D R IV E 
924-9451 
TOYOTA OF S E G U IN 
Open eves til 9 
Toll Free: 224-4183 
7 2 Toyota. 4-speed, 4-cylinder 
Econom ical. 274-6956 
•7o T O Y O T A station wagon 
$8 SO- 
226-o291 
•75 T O Y O T A W a g o n , tak e up payments, call 225-79o9 

723 - TRIOMPH 

 fe e e e e e e e e e e e e ^ e f p t 

P 
W 
H 
H 
I W 
V 
W 
H 
I 
P O R S C H E + A U D I 

74 FORD 
Pinto Station Wagon, auto­ matic, air, sto re d ........... 

 all the extras . 

’7 6 P O N T I A C £ 3 V i r . klotk.w'A 
72 M E R C U R Y 

*2495 
*8495 
*5595 
*2495 
*3195 
*2795 
*4695 

 outomatiCr 
IM stereo. . 

'7 * 3 l l C D T l | D V Cou9or XR-7, automa- 
/ O M C K v * U K I tic. Sir, stereo tape. . . 
'73 PONTIAC door Ha M -F M°stere a. 
’75 CHEVROLET FN stereo . . . . . 
’74 MERCEDES BENZ ti” trie sunroof, cruise control, electric $ windows................................... 
’76 VOLKSWAGEN UrZX 
AM-FM, only 6,ooo miles............. 
'73 PORSCHE LV.V'o—.,,.; wheels, AM -FM stereo..................... 

* 7 A D / ”'$ k J T I A ^ 
Trans AM, Black, Auto- f Q rV d / lN I I M im e t ic , 
Power, 
Air, $ C CT O C 
Stereo, Tape, Tilt W h e e l................... 
D O Y O 

* 7 * 1 F n P n * ut,a"B " S h,° ‘ Vt ' 4 'peed, ( h y n c 
/ J i Vw/ H L f Automatic, Power, Stereo - . . 
% )/ / J 
’75 TOYOTA *ABM?FM5 8S*Track 

14,5oo 

*5395 

*8995 

 gaga Rack, 16,ooo 

Air, lug 

 r n e 

3 2 9 5 r n 

 i 

’7 2 Tit-6 yellow with wire wheels .......*3 1 9 5 
69 ALFA S pider....*1695 

7 6 SPITFIRE low mileage............ *3 995 

7 5 SPITFIRE whit* with blue interior... ........ *3 595 

7 5 ALFA Spider, radio, luggage rock, low mileage,.. ........‘6 4 9 5 

7 5 M G B red with wire wheels, AM-FM 
8-track..............*4 195 

A L A M O SPORTS CARS 
3111 BROADWAY 

■ M 

■ 
8 2 8 -5 5 1 1 
| 

726 MISCELLANEOUS AUTOS 

MATA 
CADILLAC 
317 LEXINGTON 
226-7221 

12,ooo M l./l 2 MO. 
CADILLAC VALUE 
PROTECTION PIAN 
SERVICE AGREEMENT 
ON MOST ’77, ’76, 
'75, and’74 MODELS 
CADILLACS 
77 S U . . .‘12,45o 

’ T Y COUPE De VILLE j . « o r n 
77 Brown-Brown . 1 o , 2 5 o 

 r o e SEDAM D e V l l l E ^ O C A 
77 Blue Blue 
*1o,25o 

’76 S U 
.‘1o,95o 

’76 Sffw E'‘15,5oo 

ELDORADO 
/ O Ivory-Ivory .. 

, 7 . CALAIS SEDAN 
/ O Gold, Brown . 

SACRIFICE 
MUST SELli! ii 977 GRANADA) 

[?So 6 cylinder engine, automatic, I lair, power steering, power distj 
■ brokes, vinyl root. AM FM stereo! 
■ radio seel belted radial tires, tin -1 
|ted glass, deluxe wheel covers. 
*5185 

C A U W A L L Y 
435-4o71 

732 BUICK 

1972 B U IC K E L E C T R A 
L O A D E D ! ........................ $199$ 
T O M B E N S O N IM P O R T S 
96oo SAN P E D R O 
341-1356 
‘74 Buick estate W agon Loaded, clean. $365o or trode 349-o727. 
7 o Buick. Good condition, fully loaded. $115o After 5: 494-7496. 

124 • VOLKSWAGEN 

‘75 VW Rabbit. Air, radio, sta n ­ dard $2299 656-59o4. 
‘74 VW Repo, Super Beetle, Sun roof, M ags. $1695 or Best Ofter. 
655-7197. 
’71 VW Squareback needs tra n s­ mission. $25o. 434-4786 
72 VW Squareback Good cond., owner $1495 222-13o8. 822 1678 
‘73 VW Super, auto, air, am-fm, radials, 341-113o 696-8662 

APRIL 
MILEAGE GETTERS 

’7$ MALIBU 4-door, loaded.. $2795 

75 GRAN TORINO, 2-door hardtop, boded................. $2795 

75 PLYMOUTH Duster 2-dr hard top, 6 auto., loaded, real sharp cod....................... $2595 

75 RABBIT, 2-dr., oir 
$2495 

’75 VW Beetle, outo 
$2195 

75 VW Super Beetle 
$1495 

’74 AMC Gremlin, mogs, radial tires 
$1395 

71 PLYMOUTH Stomp.... $1395 

’75 HONDA Elsinore Cycle, 125 CC, rare street model 
$595 

• We Finance 
• Open Eves. til 9 
• Mony More to Choose From 

3oo3 S.W. MILITARY 
922-27o3 
92A-DEAI 

* 1 o , 2 5 o 

* 7 9 5 o 

COUPE DeVILIi 
7 6 Yellow White ... 
9 4 5 o 

, 7 C ELDORADO 
/ ) Orange-Orange 

SEDAN DeVILLE 
/ J Orange-White.. 

 clean, $1,495. 923-69o6. 
1974 W hite V o lk sw a g e n T h in g . 
23,ooo m iles, bord fop and con­ ve rtib le lop, d u al ra d ia l tire s. 
$25oo. 512-569-3873, 5*9-287* 

‘74 V W Dasher, blue. 4 speed, A ir ,' tm-8 track. $2,295. 533-19oo. 

VW Engine Overhaul VW 
/AET R TC M A S T E R , 824 7427 
71 VW F a st b a c k 43,ooo m ile s, good condition, $175o after Sam 
654-o222. 
68 V W -F B New paini, recondi- honed. $75o or pest offer. 648-3525. 

1326 N X LOOP 41o 
., ,824.3214 

’72 V W K a r m e n G h ia 
O r ig . awner, good cond. $1699 673-8713 
74 vv/, m ags, tiger paw tires. 
Perfect $185o. 333-8152 

TRANSPORTATION 
SPECIALS!! 
MIKE S USED CARS 
'73 IAMBUS Wayan, laada*.. $129$. 
7o HCH MFT 4-dr., rata., ak, taw aritaaya..................... $173. 
M OLDS 4-6r. atria., air 
$573. 
71 6 AU Ut $oo M r bantay, aula., air, vinyl tty ............. (875. 
7i loemo 4-4r„ anta, ah ... (1o75. 
'69Mll$TANG. auto , air 
(1 1 73 . 
71 DATSUN Wagon. 4-iy , ok . S I 173. 
’72 IU1CK, 4-4,................ (1 3 9 3 . 
• Thai* can »oid at I*. 
9 Dealers Welcome 
9111 SAN PEDRO 
341-9412 
341-3933 

723 TWddAPH 
724 - VOLKSWAGEN 

 conditioned ..........................$2395 
T O M B E N S O N IM P O R T S 
_ 
96oo SA N P E D R O _______ 341 1356 
75 T R ? Custom Vinyl fop, with 

A L A M O S P O R T S C A R S 
Aufhorited Sales and Service 
Trtum ph-Alfa Romeo 
3111 B R O A D W A Y 828 5511 

ROBINSONS 
S P O R T S C A R S 
73 TRIUMPH TR6, btu* 
72 TRIUMPH TR6, red 
72 TRIUMPH GT6, white 
73 DATSUN 24o% air 
W I A LSO B IF AIR M O ST 
M A K IS OF FO R D O N C A RS 
S P E C IA L S O N 
VALVE JOBS, THIS WEEK 
•343 BROADWAY 
828 1389 

R O D E A S T V O L K S W A G E N 
14o2 N.E. LO O P 41o 
828 12o1 
1971 Super Beetle, excellent con­ dition. 655-76o4. 

72 SUPER BEETLE 
31,ooo mi. need to sell. 653-946* 

’71 VW. 8,ooo miles on rebuilt en­ gine. 
R u n s good! 
$1ooo firm. 
699-168o 
__________________ __ 
VW OVERHAUL $4oo $5oo 
12 Mo.-12/OOO mr. W arranty 
Northside Bun Repair, 696-5869 

725 VOLVO 

Toke over paym ents ‘76 Rabbit. 
No equity Call: 824-o918 ask for 
Fred, after 7: 722 775/ 
Take up pmts, ‘76 VW , 4,ooo mi, air std, 735-8563 735-5561 
73 V O L K S W A G E N , Super Bun. 
Beautiful original sun orange fin­ ish. It has had the best of core. 
I I H SAN F u G R O 2i7-75i1, Uuue 

P A R K T E N V O LV O 
IM SC O U T D E A L E R 
132 B A L C O N E S N O R T H 732 2143 

73 B E L A IR , 4-dr. a i r 
$1695 
71 M A V E R IC K , 2 dr. std . $1395. 
7o P L Y M O U T H 4-door .... $795. 
I ’7o O L D S 4-door .............. $895. 
| ‘*9 C H E V Y 4-door ........... $895. 
] ‘68 O L D S 4-door .............. $$95. 
I ’67 M E R C U R Y 4-door ...... $595. 
SM IT H ’S Used Cars 
7o5 S.A L A M O 
226-9144 

I 74 Lotus Europe Spcl. 23,ooo mi. air, radials. Excellent. 734-9*89 

‘75 Volvo 242 D L. Power, air, au­ to., A M -F M stereo, CB $4795. I owner. 494-6439; 224-7768. 
‘73 V O L V O 164E, air, tape, sun roof, auto, 63,ooo m ites, u n d e r blue book at $4ooo 344 1345 aft. 5 
71 V O LV O 142E , O V E R D R IV E , 
A IR , V E R Y N IC E ! A S K IN G $21oo 
828-6959 

‘68 V O L K S W A G E N B U G . $6oo 
C A L L : 497-3652. 

724 VOLKSWAGEN 

7o9 DATSUN 

7o8-CORVETTE 

 a l l i v o p s Y r a r mb de I s C O R ­ 
V E T T E S , p ric e d re a so n a b ly . 
Other sports cars. Coll 699-o294 
69 C O R V E T T E Convertible 427, 
4-speed. p o w e r, a ir, h a rd to p . 
N eeds paint, carpel. $34oo. Will toke trode. 699-o294 
64 Corvette Convertible 375 hp, 
327, air. Excellent cond. M ust see lo appreciate! 
$47oo. 344-2o15; 
344-8355. 
_________ 

1975 321o D A T SU N . 35M PG 
________ 523oo 675 1521 
72 D ATSU N , auto, air runs good, low miteuge, $895 349-9235 
72 DA T SU N , auto, air, runs good, low mileage, $895. 349 9235. 
O A T SU N 
B R Y S O N A U T O C E N T E R 
143o PAT B O O K E R 
U N IV E R S A L C IT Y 658-6271 
; 73 Datsun 61o 2 dr vinyl hardtop. 
I 4 speed, air, S19Qo 735-3135 
Datsun Pick Up, 1976, Less than 
8,ooo mites. 
Call 
After 
5pm 
>49.5o83. 

 j 74 M O N D A Civic 4 soeed m an uol. radio, new tires, new paint, 
37.ooo miles S 195o 651-6289 
74 Honda Civic Hatchback, air, toking Offers. 68 1 3632. 
75 Honda C VCC S W 4 speed, air, 
AM -FM , Take over paym ents a s­ sum e balan ce IOO % fin a n cin g. 
Cat!: Ernie. 681-3871 
75 Honda. E xce lle n t condition,, air, new tires. S2ooo 658-o879. 
1972 H O N D A S E D A N 
4-speed, radio .................... $99$ 
TO M B E N S O N IM P O R T S 
96oo SA N P E D R O 
341-1356 
74 H O N D A S E D A N 
Autom atic tra n sm issio n , radio, air conditioned ................. $2395 
TO M B E N S O N IM P O R T S 
9*oo SA N P E D R O 
341-1356 

 lift-out sunroof, air, A M -F M ster­ eo. $53oo. 341 "97*. 
•72 T R IU M P H G T*, nice, clean 
I $1295. 
9$% financing available 
■ 224-441o 
72 T riu m p h Spitfire, like new. 
: extras 349 o652 ofter 4___________ 
■ 1973 T r i u m p h " ™ * W hite with 
I black interior. A M -F M stereo, roll bar Tonneau cover. 36,ooo miles, i Im m a c u la te c o n d itio n . O n ly 
! $325o-661 4261 weekdays till 5:3o 
! TR-7, 1975 New eng , m oon roof, 
A M -F M 8-track. D a rk blue. Ex- i cellent condition $4*95 736-753o 
69 T R 6. Red, good condition. 
$2ooo or best offer. C all M a rk 
I Ofter 7, 684-2413.__________ ________ 
I ‘69 TR*, red, good condition $1795 
Bill 828-1389 

BUGGS!!! 
From 19*6 thru 1977 
C A L L B IL L 824-442o 
74 D A S H E R , auto air. like new 
19495. 333 8152____________________ 
•7o Fallb ack sedan VW Over 25 mpg. Good deal, 227 4o5o otter 2 

I Biiy-Seil Used Cars 
Coli Pat M cQ ueen 
732-7121 
I S E L L V W S 
M odels from ‘66-77. Call: F re d 
Vasque/ 824-7311 

1971 V O L K S W A G E N Beetle. Real cleon. 5995-225-71 11 

VOLKSWAGEN 
Parts-Service-Cars 
___________ 
655-1131___________ 
69 v w B U G 
E x c e lle n t , new paint. $95o Colt: 342-7929________ 
I 67 VW B U G 
New b ro ke s, bat- 
! tery, tao. inspected. W e e kd ay s ofter 4; Sat a m.: 341-5911. 
'7o VW B U G , O N E O W N E R , 
$1,ooo C A L L 435-5536.____________ 
73 VW BUG. Radio, I owner, qood condition $155o 349-8929. 

‘7o V O L V O W A G O N std , a ir, am-fm, lu ggage rack, new tires, excellent, 492-1946. 
726 MISCaLANEOttS AUTOS 

72 Moserotti. 5-soeed. V I. 18,ooo a c tu a l m ile s. 
E x t r a c le a n . 
732-7848; 227-28o1. 

*779o 

*795o 

*729o 

*745o 

*739o 

*699o 

CALAIS COUPE 
> A O Q f t 
/ J White-Burgondy.. O Y t U 

’75 

’75 

’75 
75 

SEDAN DeVILLE 
Green-White... 

SEDAN DeVILLE 
Blue-Slue...... 

COUPE DeVILLE 
Ton-Tan....... 

COUPE DeVILLE 
Red-While...... 

B u ick L e S a b re ‘67. A ir, pow er, 
VS, clean. Dave: 736 8163. 
Buick ‘74 LeSab re Luxus. Sm all 
V-8, auto. air. Cruise. $32oo value, sacrifice first $2395 494-5o87 
‘69 Buick Le Sabre, m ake offer. 
655-33oo or 654-1343. 
Buick Regal 76. 4dr , 6o-4o seats. 
V8, loaded 826-3455 
•75 Buick Regal Landau. V-8, au ­ tomatic, power, factory air, ‘77 license Like new $4195 Will trade 
923-2883 
7o B U IC K R IV IE R A $65o 
922-8661 
65 Buick R iviera Loaded Great condition. 826-4582; 822-3176. 
B U IC K R I V I E R A 1973. E x t r a clean! Loaded. Will help finance 
Coll: Woody 433 1464 
‘72 B U IC K S K Y L A R K 2-door, lo a d e d , $1595. 9 o % f in a n c in g available. 224-441o________________ 
■77 B u ick S k y la rk SR . V-6, a u ­ tomatic, power, factory air. V ery low mileage. In factory w arranty. 
$4995 Will trade 923-2883 

BROUGHAM 
/ A Tan-Brown .... 

COUPE DeVILLE 
/ v Beige-Brown. 

*559o 

*199o 

OTHER M AKES 

 tm * PONTIAC Gran Prix* - rn t u x 
7 o Maroon White . . . * 5 4 9 o tm i OLDS Vista Cruiser 
7o Brown......... 

. . . CHEV. IMPALA 
7 o Blue................ 

. . . CHEV. IMPALA 
/JO Yellow............ 

CHEV. IMPALA 
7 O Brown-Tan....... 

*569o 

*465o 

*465o 

*465o 

‘72 Buick Wagon, Loaded. Pow er ste e rin g , b ra k e s , a ir, e le c tric windows, door locks. M u s t sell. 
Best Offer. 826-6656 
•76 Century Custom loaded, below low book price $455o, 494-1414. 
C o lle c to rs-^ Buick W ildcat con vert., loaded, good cond. B e st offer. 658-2456, evenings and Sun. 
‘72 E L E C T R A 725 2 dr., fu lly loaded. 525oo 661-3o54. _____ 
‘71 Le S a b re 4 dr. pow er, 
33,32o mi. $1995. 494-2422. 
‘68 R IV IE R A , $75o 
65S-8463 Call after 4 
‘72 S k y la rk Custom Coupe, air, auto, excellent. $195o. 656-12o5. 
‘71 S k y la r k , 4 dr, a ir, pow er, clean, one owner, $1495 655-886o aft 4pm.__________________________ 
Take up 
Electra 225-79o9 on ‘75 B U IC K 

733 • CADILLAC 

FOR RIATA’S 
SPECIAL 
OF THE DAY— 
DIAL 
22 RIATA or 2274282 

NEW and PRI-OWNED 
CAR SALES 
SHOWROOMS 
Open Mort.-Frl. 8 A.M. 
To 6 P.M. 
Sat. 8 A.M. to 4 P.M. 
SHOP INDOORS 

74 CadKtac Brabin. Sod. 
Like new, warranty. 828-o197 
‘74 Cadillac Coupe deVille, $58oo exceptional car, extra clean 
69o-8o25 
’76 C A D IL L A C Coupe Deville 
I 
F u lly equipped, like new con di­ tion. A truly beautiful car; to see call 492-2532 after 5:3o. 
‘67 Cadillac Coupe C alais. $59o. 
Call: 1-484-2836. 
•73 Cadillac Coupe Deville. Fully loaded. L ik e new ll lice n se 
53995 Will trade 923 2883 
•74 Cadillac Cpe Brougham , wire wheels, $525o 923-2665 
•71 C A D IL L A C 4-door, 1-owner 
Nice! low mi. 924-6666 
75 C A D IL L A C E L D O R A D O 
Cruise control, am-tm stereo tape deck, tilt w heel, re a r w ind ow defogger, all power options, vinyl top. new tire s! A b so lu te ly im ­ maculate! Need cash! M ust sell 
Now! $675o. 824-oo51. 
‘76 C A D IL L A C E L D O R A D O 
76oo a c tu a l m i. fu lly lo a d e d . 
F ire th o m red, white vin y l too. white leather interior, Will trade. 
224-o651; eves 344-o324 

731-AMC 

‘71 C adillac E ID o ra d o Convert!, bte. F u lly load ed. C o lle c t o r 's 
Item! $285o. 681-2353.________ 
’71 Cadillac EIDorado. Gold vinyl lop, white bottom. Gold interior. 
F u lly loaded R e al n ice! $2595 after 4 655-4465___________________ 
1975 C A D IL L A C , like new, low mileage. $78oo 657-2683 
'73 Cadillac Sedan Deville 
49,ooo mr. $415o 673 8328 

731 AMC 

Cadillac, 1972, Sedan Deville, low m ileage, like new. 8 to 5 week* days, 342-3228; niyhts 1-833-4937. 

A M B A S S A D O R , B r o u g h a m 7 4 . h r , ' ' 
' 
* . 
’ 
1 
, 
Good Shope, $1195. BUI, 828-1389 
75 A M C M atador 2 dr. h ardtop 
! / A°,nd,'IL o 1 , . ^ " \ 
Very clean $255o. 655 8259 
‘76 A M C P a c e r. 6 cyl., auto., power, w rack and pinion steering. 
A ir, less than 15.ooo mr G ood econom ical car. D ays: 671-3817; eves 67 5 1434 

68 VW B U S Good condition. Call: 
927 7*26 ofter 4 p.m. 

N O RTH LO O P V O L K S W A G E N 
732-7121 
4623 F R E D E R IC K S B U R G RO AD 
‘75 R A B B IT Custom Deluxe, air, am-fm $235o. 333-8152 

•75 VW Bus 12-passenger, auto. air. Take aver payments, assum e balance. 1oo% financing Call: Er- file 681-3871_____________________ 
1967 VW bus. sunroof. Excellent candil,on $1195-225-7111 

BAD CREDIT? 
I GUARANTEE THERE 
IS A W AY. . . 
I CAN SELL YOU 
A CAR! 
CALLI JESSE 
PADGETT’S 
USED CARS 
39o2 SOUTH FLORES 
532-5421 

•72 Gremlin 6 cylinder standard. 
Air. 
Good economical carl 
$115o-734-7969 

‘74 Javelin. Auto., pow er, air, 822-o141 
-825oo or best offer. 673-829o after 4 
------------------ 
’69 CADILLAC $895 
Very nice Extras. 828-6959 

‘74 Gremlin Hatchback 
C O A D E D ........................ 12o95 
TOM B E N S O N IM P O R T S 
96oo SAN P E D R O 
341-1356 
*76 G R E M L IN X, auto, air, lug­ gage rack, road wheels, bucket seats, silver frost. D riven only 
14,ooo mi. bv local owner. 
IIH SAN P E D R O BU D 227-751 1 
■ it H O R N E T ■ 
653-2696 ofter 7 pm. 
‘7o H O R N E T 4-door, economy 6, with auto. Firecracker red n i l SAN P E D R O 227-7511, Jack 

 xcellent 
NUMB!o IO CAU ll 725-1666 
I XPH I SS AND N£W5 

•7o H O R N E T 4-door, Sportabout wagon, 4 cyl. automatic luggage rack. Sun oran ge with W O O D - 
G R A IN S ID E S E X T R A C L E A N . 
Il l SAN P E D R O 227 7511, 
Bud 

•75 Hornet, 2 door sedan, auto, air, cruise, vinyl roof, perfect cond. 12,475. Owner, 654-4o74. 
| ’76 Cadillac Sedan Deville Load- 
71 H O R N E T pawer, oir. B x m l- 
White top. 223-3246 e n l co n d itio n V E R Y E C O N ­ 
O M IC A L. Low mileage. For more information call: 
J.A. 
Garza 
222-8611 
_ very any extras. 

71 Javelin SSY, new tires, CB FM 
$1,695. 349-4879. 

PACER’75 
Loaded need lo sell 653 94*6 
’75 Trans Am, 4oo, Hurst 4 sod, good cond. Atter 5, 494-46oo 

732 BUICK 

-,’73 Coupe de Ville fuliv loaded, 
133oo. 922-841o__________________ 
’69 C P E D V IL L E 
I owner 48o3 South Flores 
75 EID orado. All luxurious ap­ pointments. $ Vogue tires, 99oo miles. 736-33H 

7 3 B U IC K Centurion, loaded. 
N ice car, $1895. 95% financing available. 224-441o 

■76 E L D O R A D O C o n v e rtib le , must sell. 
Firem isl red. 
Mint. 
*55-7264 

74 Buick convertible, air condi­ tioned. pow er steering, Bower 622-3491 brakes. E le c tric w indow s and seat. New car trade In .... $3795 
A LA M O SP O R T C A R S 
311) B R O A D W A Y 828 5511 

‘73 E L D O R A D O 
Exceptional, all luxury, 54ooo, 
227-1688 

*69 Buick Electra ‘225’ Full Rower, fa c to ry a ir, e x tra cle an. ‘77 , dean 
1st license. $79$ Will trade. 923-2883 
1-742 3o41 

75 E L D O R A D O $715o 
Loaded. Power train warranty, 12 
Mo.-12,OOO mi. 
224-o651; eves 
344 o324__________________ ______ 
*9 E L D O R A D O , loaded, extra 
$15oo 
923-3387; 

\ 

(M ON C O M M ER C IA L! 
CANCILLA BIE 
WITHOUT 
RATE CHANGE 

2 
2 
5 
- 1 
6 
6 
6 
QUICK RESULTS! 

34 NEW CARS AND 
TRUCKS SOLD IN 4-DAYS! 
ABSOLUTELY NO REPEAT ON 
THIS FINAL CLOSEOUT SALE 
ON ALL 1977 MODELS!! 

J S M fls r S i 
Y O U ’LL 
^ 
RESULTS w i t h . . .. 

GET 
I/ 
* 
TINDALLand SON 
PLUM 
\( 
* * 
. 
GOOD 
V . y 
PONTIAC-GMC!! 
EPA: 47 Miles Per Gal. Hwy. — 3o City 

DELIVERED IN SAN ANTONIO WITH 

THE FOLLOWING STANDARD EQUIPMENT 

I Reclining bucket seat*, adjustable steering column, tinted — 
I Rio**, power disc brakes, whitewall tires, carpeting, front I 
I and rear bumper guards, uses regular or unleaded gas, rear _ window defogger 
| 

5 DAY SALE! 

TINDALLand SON 

★ FINAL 5-DAY CLOSEOUT SALE ★ 

NEW '77 DODGE ASPEN 
4-DR. STATION WAGON 

I 
I 
I 

J Just the Right Sue — N ot too b ig or too Small! 
I Fully equipped. Save. 
| Includes the follow ing equipm ent 
*4688 
I 
________ a . r .. 
Power s te e r-* ing, disc brakes, autom atic transmission, tinted I 
| glass, radio, w h ite w a ll tires. Stk # 1 4 9 
I 

■ NEW '77 DODGE CHARGER* j 
J 
2-DOOR HARDTOP 
| 
I 
I 
I n a i l 
~ l l I 

I Fully equipped, air, pow er, autom atic, etc 
Stk ■ 
\ 
NEW 7 7 DODGE ROYAL * J 
I 
MONACO BROUGHAM 
I 
I 
2-DOOR HARDTOP 
I 

LeMANS 

LESS EXPENSIVE THAN 
THE BUICK REGAL AND 
OLDS CUTLASS SUPREME 

GMO TRUCK 

AS COMPARABLE AS FORD, 

CHEVY OR DODGE TRUCKS 

BONNEVILLE 
LESS EXPENSIVE THAN 
CADILLAC SEVILLE, OLDS 98 
AND BUICK ELECTRA 225 

FIREBIRD 
LESS EXPENSIVE THAN A 
CHEVROLET CAMARO OR 
CORVETTE 

SUNBIRD 
LESS EXPENSIVE THAN 
BUICK SKYHAWK AND 
CHEVROLET MONZA 

GRAND PRIX 
M O tf REASON ABU THAN BUKH 
W Y M A AND OLDS TOBON ADO 
47 MODELS TO CHOW ! 

PRICE STARTS 
AS LOW AS 
’ 5595 

, _ _ automatic, power steering, 
77 GRAND PRIX power brakes, air, bucket seats, radial fires, mag wheels, tinted glass, loaded, 3*9oo . 
........................................................... 
5538 

’ 7 7 T D A h m D D I V 
L G, all power, air, power win- 
/ / U K A N I / I K I A dows & seats, temperature con­ trol, power door locks, tilt steering, i£9o7. Was . . . . . 
$79o5. ..NOW.............................................................................o o 7 J 

’ 7 7 p i i / • all power, automatic 35o, radials, Sierra 
. . . . . 
I I b m V . Grande gauges, — 462. Was $5555 . . . NOW 
4 J J . ) 

’ 7 7 
C D D I M T *,and °,'d' 
6 cylinder, 
AM-FM stereo, c n n n r 
/ / j r K I I M 
I radials, St 7o4. Was $44o8 . . . NOW 
o 7 7 J 

’ 7 7 C KAT ^ w^ee* drive, automatic, power, V-8 , bum- 
/ / U iY lL . per, gauges, 
Hi-line mirror, i t 723. 
Was c r 4 n r 
$ 6 6 1 2 ... NOW .................................................... 
D H 7 D 

’ 7 7 Cl I D I ( D D A M oh Power/ air- spet'ol springs, dual 
/ / j U d U K D A N air, Sierra Classic, fully loaded, 
$7 f t f t r 
#782. Was $9333...NOW.................................................... 
J 7 7 J 

’ 7 7 r M r 
Power' °*r' automatic, heavy duty chassis 
/ / Vj/Viv. equipment & bumper, guages, heavy duty shock stabilizer, — 798. Was $6o28 . . . NOW 

’ 7 7 r O A M h D D I V 
Demo 
1 •*' 
o,1 
Power« 
°if' l l U K A N I / r K I A power windows 
& seats, cruise control, tilt wheel, power door locks, lamp group, Rally STX. Package f- warranty. —916. 
Was $8528.. NOW ........................................................ 

 iT f / C 11 kl D I D f t 
4-speed, whitewall tires, tinted glass, 
I O j U N D I K U 
|uxury trim. sr92o. Was $4oo5 
.. 

4997 

7128 

3495 

’ 7 7 T D A K IC A M 
o 
Power' a'r' tonsole, tinted glass, 
/ / 
I K A N / A r n 
Lamp group, mats, power door locks, power windows, tilt wheels. Special editions. 
< 
T-top. — 1o47. Was $8o73 . . . NOW.................................. 

7 7 GRAND SAFARI air, automatic power win­ dows & seats, power door locks, tilt wheel, mag wheels. - 728. Was $8434 . . . NOW. . ............................ 

7995 

1 *7 * 7 A l a / - i,« ton Cabin Chassis, 4 speed, 35o, heavy 
/ / U I Y l v duty springs, power steering, — 783. Was 
, . A H O 
$5375. . . NOW.................................................... 
4 4 7 o 

»*?Tf C 11 kl D I D n 
2 -door coupe, all power, air, automatic, 
I / J U N B I K U Landau top, molding, —91 3 Was $5o57 j o r Q r 
. . . N O W . . . 

4 j 7 3 

»*T/ i f t n r 
Coupe, radial torte suspension, mag wheels, 
I O 
A 
/ I K C moldings, #3S6. Was $4111...NOW...................O 4 7 3 

 f T T r i n r m n n automatic, power & air, console stereo, 
J I r l K c B I K U 
8 trock, mag wheels. 
# 8 8 6 . 
Was j r y i o / 
$6o33...NOW...............................................................................j 4 o o 

* 7 7 C A F A R L ^ sea*' ou,omat'<' povver, and air, V-8, 
' ' / M l M K I molding, deluxe wheel covers, radials. 
-1o 4 3 . Was $6971 . . . NOW. . ......................................... 

’ 7 7 1 FAA A N C 
2-door hardtop, all power, air, molding, 
/ / L C fv lM P f J tinted glass, vinyl trim, whitewall tires. 
— 869. Was $5791 . . . N O W ............................................. 

’ 7 7 C A T A l I M A 
2-door hardtop, all power, air, mag 
1 1 v A I A L U M A wheels, lamp group, molding. — 238. 
Was $6789 . . . NOW.............................................................. 

’ 7 7 T A T A ! I M A 
4-door sedan, all power, air, V-8, tilt 
1 1 V .A I A L I N A wheel, AM radio, loaded. 
—881. 
Was $6568 .. . NOW ......................... 

’ 7 7 R f t k l M F V / l l I F br°3gham 
4 -door sedan, all l l B v / IM IME V I L L E power, air, lamp group. — 817. 
Was $6658 . NOW............................................................ 

7595 

6995 

‘5795 

‘4951 

 s565o 

*5464 

5543 

1ooo g rip p e d . Stk. # 1 o 5 

TINDALL , SON PONTIAC—GMC 

'ANNOUNCING A SPECIAL 
SHIPMENT OF 1977 

SAN ANTONIO S OLDEST PONTIAC-GMC DEALER 
39oo SAN PEDRO AVE. 
OPEN EVENINGS • 736-1561 • OPEN EVENINGS 

NEW 
77 PONTIAC ASTRE' 
S A L K 
CHRYSLER NEW YORKER 

WE’RE REMODELING 
MUST SELL CARS TO 
MAKE ROOM 

TTO D i l l e y tty'o* 2door h°rd’°P. green & i o o c n 

I L B U I C K beige, power & air............................ i O 
J v 
'72 CHEVROLET j S f .i S f j r .‘ i9so y tm rn w a l f [o 1 ^ 1 / 4 ftOOf, bfOWnUfllJ brOWII, 
/ 4 W I A V t K I L K outomotk, oir, power steering, luxury decor group, stereo, 16,ooo j a m C A miles..................................................................... * 7 j U 

 r / \ n r v 
3 door hardtop, blue S j n f C A 

 l l r U K U blue, power and oir, immaculate... 
Z I J U 
’74 OLDS 98 

’ T O DI VBR A l IT U Fury H1, 4doof hord,op’ 
I L r i i m l / U i n green and green, power • • T r A and oir....................................................................*1/5o 
75 MONTE CARLO er and o ir ..............................................................*41/5 
1 ’73BUICK 
73 FORD 
• mg m m u m 
Century 2'door, blue & white Ion- 
. . . r A 
74 BUICK dau, power & if, 13,ooo miles— 
355U 

 i m m \ / A I IZ A 4 do°r. ^ocF(’ sun rooF’ P°wef 
75 VULVU windows, automatic & air, low . . . . . miles, # 1 6 4 1 ..................................................... 545U 
75 BUICK l r . l r 
‘455o 
, 
. . . . Cutlass Salon 2 door hardtop, red & 
75 OLDS white, power & on............................. 435o 
. . | , , y v Caprice station wogon, power 
74 Cill VT windows, power steering, opplr- . . . . . que sides............................................................... 355U 
7o Used Cars to Choose From 

 r n 

4-DOOR 
HARDTOPS 

S a t u r d a y 

 o n l y 

.$4188 

• IRON DUKE 
4-CYLINDER 
ENGINE e WHITEWALL TIRES e FACTORY AIR CONDITION e TINTED GLASS e POWER STEERING e AUTOMATIC TRANSMISSION, e AM RADIO e CUSTOM VINYL TRIM e DISC BRAKES 
TOTAL DELIVERY PRICE, 
PLUS T A X , TITU A LICENSE 
★SUPERIOR+PONTIAC+ 

W h e r e Pr i ce Sells Cars a n d 
Se r v i c e K e e p s Cust ome r s 
7 t I BROADWAY 
1 2 7 -5 o 4 1 
SALE 

7 2 4 

ON 1977 
CHRYSLER NEW YORKER 
BROUGHAM 4-DOOR HARDTOPS 
EXECUTIVE AND COMPANY CARS 
These cars have less than 3,ooo miles and carry new car warranty. 
Hurry now while we have this outstanding selection at tremendous savings. 
The most elegant low price luxury car built in America today. It’s the talk of the town! 
Remember as always — W e’re 
THE DEALER THAT MAKES THE PRICE RIGHT! 

O.R. MITCHELL CHRYSLER/PIYMOUTH 

“ Tile D e a l e r That Tells It Like It I s” 
2 8 o o B R O A D W A Y o p e n e v e n i n g s 

( A C R O S S F R O M B R A C K E N R I D G E P A R K ) 

734-CHEVROLET 

Chevy Nova Coupe 1975. t cly, auto. a ir, vinyl top, tilt wheel. 
14,ooo miles. Immaculate condi­ tion. $325o 735-3118 or 222-3889 
74 Chevy Pickup, full gouges. camper equip 828 4944 11-6 pm 
’49 Chevy Stationwagon. Air, ou- to„ power. Coll: 49o-9399 
74 Chew Suburban 4S4 V8, load ed $17oo 481-o495 after 6 
'71 Chevy Suburban Cleon $25oo 
Call: 435-842o. 

76 CHEVY SUBURBAN verodo p kg., fu lly loaded. 
S ilve ra d o pkg 
$45oo. 494-5414 
’44 Chevy. VS. auto , real good condition, $225 922-8441 
'49 Chevy Wagon I seal, 4 cyl. stand. Complete engine overhaul. 
$47$. 534-7145 
571 CHEVY WGN $1195 
Klngswood Estote 9-pass. 435 1441 
Clean 1974 Used Cars At: 
BUDGET RENT A CAR-149 4443 
338 N E Loop 4io of Airport Blvd 
I ’42 Corvalr Monza, 2 door, stan- dord, excellent, $4oo. 322-92 
I 

734 -CHEVROLET 

733 CADILLAC_ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ 

>1974 EL DORADO (I o w n e r), imust sell. Trying to close estate, 
{Will take trode. 
341-4334 or 
:342 o933 
__________ _ 
I PARAMOUNT 
I 
MOTOR SALES 
FINE CAR CENTER 
I 
Cadillac’s-Lincoln's 
Full size Luxury Cars 
Low Mi-Premium Merchandise 
47oo S .F L O R E S 
923-7711 

RIAT* CADILLAC 
117 LEXINGTON_______ 224 722T 
48 Sedan de Ville, Excellent con­ dition. 495-8811 

734 CHEVROLET 

75 Comoro. 4 cyl., 25o eng., 37,ooo miles. Excellent condition. Some extras, no air. *3495. T-S38-39T1 after 5 p.m. 

72 Caprice 2 dr. hardtop VS 4oo-2 engine, auto, a ir, t ilt w heel, cruise, stereo, privately owned. 
5195o. 455-oo74.______________ _ _ 

1973 CAMARO. F U L LY LOAD­ 
ED. Like new 824-9545, 495 8o54 

73 Caprice Estate Wagon 9 pas­ senger, auto, air, electric window and seats, cruise, stereo tape 
: deck, am-fm, tilt wheel, 52,ooo miles. 52595. 494-1184 otter 5 pm. 

■49 CAMARO. Good condition. 77 lie. March inspection. A STEAL at 
51295. 441-4727. 
_____ __ 
1977 C am ara, lik e new, 4,ooo 
; miles, loaded. 474 o548. _________ 
74 CAMARO LT, loaded must sell now Will help finance, Coli Dick. 
4331444 
____ 

5887 71 CHEVELLE 
Auto. air, excellent cond, term s availably, call Rick Hood or Fred 
Baron, 341-5571 
_ _ 
68 Chevelle. hi performance 35o, 
Hays, Lakewood, M r. Gasket. 
Diamond tuck $15oo. 922-o425. 

CAMARO LT 1976. Loaded. Will help finance. Must sell now! Call: 
Dick 433-1464 
____ _ 

1972 CHEVELLE Malibu 2 dr ht. 
Auto, oir, excellent cond. 342 8448. 
66 Chevelle SS 396. $55o. Call: 
342-728o atter 5 p.m. 
________ 

RY CLEAN 73 FLEETWOOD 
>ugham d’elegonce 4 dr. ail 
IO 227 9388, 826-4446 

'A CHEVROLET 
, CAMARO. 35o, all power ond r. AM-FM stereo tope. still in irranty. Must set,! 
344-34/7, 
8 2116. 
__________ 

1969 CAMARO 3 SPEED 
BLUE. 
Air conditioned. 
Low mileage.................................... S149S 
TOM BENSON IMPORTS 
96oo SAN PEDRO 
341 1356 
73 CAPRICE Classic 2 door, fully equipped with factory stereo, and tape. $18oo. call Mr. Livingston, 
696-241o 

71 Chevelle SS. Loaded, good cond., needs minor body repairs. 
826-148o. 
________ 

 lotus 

IS COMING 
TO TOWN 
APRIL 5th 

734 • CHEVROLET 

'62 Chevy Coupe VS, auto, power 
! steering, radio, chrom e mags, 
1 clean. Beautiful car. H urry-first 
I come basis. $19$. 415-9o57 atter 5, 
Johnny 
197o CHEVY 4-DOOR 
$8oo CASH 
735-8o15 
Chevy Im p a la 63, ru ns good, 
2ompg, 
J dr hardtop, 
*4oo. 
921-1296 

51976 Demo Vega GT 
HATCHBACK Deluxe seatbelts, tinted glass, swing out windows, floor mots, body side molding, air conditioned. 5 speed tronsm is sion. C o m p rin t wheel, power steering. A 7o white leHer tires. 
AM push button rodfo. Deluxe bum pers and custom in te rio r 
SALE PRICE ..................... 54797 
Jomlson Mtrs Seguin, 223 52o1 
'71 4 door chevy, as is *8oo. 
337 4142. 

J 
I 
V 
S M 
M 
8 
M 
. » 
W 
4 9 
Sm 
M 
Om 
. L 
— 
FRESH SHIPMENTS 
ARRIVING DAILY e GREMLINS e PACERS e HORNETS • MATADORS 
FREE: 

T H U R S . , 
F R I . , 
& 
S A T . 
IOO GALLONS OF GAS 

W I T H A N Y N E W C A R S O L D 

76 4dr. Impala, mint low mi. $46oo or best offer 434-oo37 
73 Impala Custom loaded, 51,ooo ml, bargain $1675. 441 2986. 

73 Impala 4-door hardtop. 15o V8, auto., power, air. New paint, tires, and brakes. $185o. 224-o781, Neva, days. 
_ 

7o Chevy Impala. 4 door, loaded. 
52,ooo miles 344-3955. 

'47 CHEVROLET 2 door loaded. 
$495. 95% financing available. 
224-441o 
_______________ 

74 CAPRICE Classic Convertible, 
I owner, 2o,ooo mi. *4295. w ill take trade. 499-o294 
___________ 

'73 C h e vro le t Im p a la 4 d o o r. 
Loaded. *1495 Offer. 455-5255 
71 C hevrolet M a lib u V-8, au- tomatic, power, factory o ir, 77 license, exceptionally dean. *1995 will trade 923 2883 

734 CHEVROLET 

75 Chevrolet Monza 2+17 V-8 au­ tomatic, pawer, factory air. Like new. *3195 Will trade. 921-2883 

.7 3 4 -CHEVROLET 

'75 Chevrolet. Orig. owner, good condition. New tires. 492-9574 
1961 C H E V R O LE T NOVA SS 
Convertible, S3So. 344-1726. 
‘ 74 
C h e vro le t 
N ova 
V-8, automatic, power factory air, new- tires. 77 license. Exceptionally clean S2695. Will trode 923 2883 

1974 Chevrolet Van 31,ooo miles. 
826-9565^495 8o54 
'44 Chew Bel Air Wagon. VS, std. 
Air. radio, heater, good condition. 
*575 or best ofter. 434-3o41 or 
412-9571 

'73 CHEVY IM PALA CUSTOM 
; 2-door. Power, oir Low mileage 
Excellent condition! Call: J.A. 
Garza 222-8411. 
'67 C he w Im pala, f d r., good 
: condition, *7oo. 674-2874 
74 CHEVY Malibu Classic wogon, loaded. Very clean, *32oo. call 
454 oo41; 456-6163_______________ 
'68 CHEVY Malibu, excellent en­ gine, new transmission, bodv so- 
! so. $575. 449-1431 eves. oil day weekenov_____________________ 
I C hew Malibu 76. Orig. owner, must sell Clean, beautiful, worth 
I $5ooo, sacrifice 53995 828-32o5 
C HEVY MONTE CARLO 1975 
Landau. Full power. Will help fin­ ance. Call: Woody 413-1464 

72 IMPALA $125o 
4 DOOR, AIR, AUTO 435 1641 

AT A TIME WHEN YOU REALLY NEED A DOOD VALUE! 
FROM AMC TNE SMALL CAR SPECIALISTS!! 
GREMLIN.. . . 
LOWEST LIST PRICE CAR 
BUILT IN AMERICA 
B1 
, 
Plus FRT., T., T., A L. 
PACER’S 
I HORNET WAGON 
ECONOMY CAR PLUS 
LOWEST UST PRICE COMBACT 
BIG CAR ROOMINESS 
W AGON BUILT IN AMERICA 

ALL BACKED BY NEW EXCLUSIVE AMC 
24-MONTHS or 2 4 ,o o o MILES 
BUYER PROTECTION PLAN ll 
Q 
★ ON THE SPOT FINANCING ★ M 
AL KOMRAY—AMCQ 
SALE AT MAIN STORE 
I I H SAN PEDRO 227-7511 

'75 IMPALA 4 DR 
Power, air 831oo I 429-182o 
71 IMPALA, Good cor, $595 95% available 224-441o 
________ 
71 IMPALA 9-Passenger 
Station Wogon, LOADED' 
51995 
TOM BENSON IMPORTS 
94oo SAN PEDRO 
341 1354 i '49 IMPALA 127 VS gas soverl ! 
> Cleon, auto. $875. 67+2o43.______ 
72 KINGSWOOO WAGON, radio, air, auto. 515oo 341-2285; S34-26S2 eves. 
7o Kings wood wagon, good cond. 
*13oo or best otter. 434-2151 oft 5 pm 

734 CHEVROLET 
734 • CHEVROLET 

LITTLE OR NO CREDIT ? lf you have a job and *2oo 
We con SELL Ycu A C arl! 
CLARK'S AUTO SALES 
1418 WEST Ave. 
734-7969 
72 Malibu 2-door. Auto, power steering, power brakes, vinyl top 
$219$. Call: Manuel, 141-9431 

72 MONTE CARLO, power steer­ ing, brakes, factory a m -ltrack stereo, oir. Sport wheels, 42,ooo mi. Good steel belt radials. Verv good cond 621 1434 

■74 
MONTE 
C A R LO , fu lly equipped, must sell. W ill help finance, coll Oick. 431-1464 
73 MONTE C ARLO L an d a u, loaded. $259$. 9 5% tln a n c ln g available. 224-441o 
7$ MONTE CARLO 
Looded, 837oo. 342-1692. 
'72 Monte C arlo, loaded, good condition Best ofter. 734-1993 

T " 
I 
73o 743 AHTOMOSILES 
San Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— Saturday April 2 1977 
^ 
~ miaumma n m M n n fjfl 
^ 
’UM Hnm as 
73(L7«-*iit»imhies m-mmmm mmmmmi mmmmamnmmmm 

23 CHANNEL 
CB RADIO 

/ BIG ] 

 a DEALS! 

GREAT 
BUYS!. 

W5TH THE PURCHASE OF A 1976 DEMO 
• 7 1976 RE M A IN IN G EXECUTIVE CARS • 
• MONTE CARLO 
• N O V A CONCOU RS 
• IM PA LA 
• CAPRICE COUPE 
• V E G A 
• LIMITED W A R R A N T Y 

LOW MILEAGE 
EXTRA CLEAN 
USED CARS 
★ 1977 EXECUTIVES ★ lr- 

CAPRICE CLASSIC 

White 
£ _ ^ 
_ 

S T O C K ~ 1 o 3 
SALE 

LIST: S82o5.8o 
P R I C E 
W 
W 
# 
J 
L al 

CHEVETTE 2-DooR 

HATCHBACK 
* 
W* 
STOCK #4o7 
SALE ? 2 D Q l | 
LIST: $438o.3o PRICE 
W 
# 
# 
• # 
I 
J 
CAMARO LT light Blue 
( b a a 
. 
STOCK #679 
UST: $67o8.45 
D ISCO U NT 
# W 
W 
V 
-J 

MONZA 2 + 2 HATCHBACK 

STOCK = 2 1 o sa le 

UST: $5868.47 
PRICE 
W 
W 
, # W rn 

» ,(« u, CHEVY V i TON 

 s c g a a 
* 7 
SALE PRICE 
W # W 
W 

CAPRICE CLASSIC 
4 -D O O R SEDAN 
STOCK #148 

LIST: $77o1.8o 
$ I O A A 
DISCOUNT 
I A 
V 
V 
V 
V 
MONTE CARLO LANDAU 

STOCK #391 
SALE $ 
A 
Q 
Q 
C 
LIST: $7421.65 
PRICE 
W 
W 
# J 
V 
J 

MONZA 2-DooR 
T O W N E CO U PE 

STOCK =389 
SALE 

HST: $4946.39 
PRICE 
■ 
■ 
" 

4a. 
J 

NOVA 4-DooR SEDAN 

STOCK =456. 
SALE M 
T 
Q 
R 

UST: S5347.35 
PRICE 
“ 
# 
# W a.. ......................... 
......................... 

CAPRICE CLASSIC 
6 PASSENGER STATION WAGON 

STOCK #189 
$ 1 9 
Q 
C 

. 
UST: $8586.75 DISCOUNT 
I w 
7 
« 
/ 

- L e M a n s 
2 - d o o r , a u t o m a t i c , a i r , 
A f 

" A 73 PONTIAC 4 1 , o o o m i l e s .............................................. 
A 
W 
V 
J 

3895 

II 
Standard, air conditioned, 45,812 t i A A P 
■ ’71 PINTO mile.. #15o 9A ........................... I CVD 

I CUTLASS ’74 #1624A,C2 » ^ f f m « « ,,eer!"9: . . $3 4 9 5 

 r/> n n . . . ELHI 2-door, automatic, air, power $ 4 A A f 
FORD 75 steering, 29,ooo miles, # 6 5 7 A 
.H/tD 

. . . VIST automatic, air, power 
COUGAR 75 XRT steering, 
#6165A, $4[7QC 
22,793 m ile s ................... "WM 7 i# 

I 

T A O A D A 
’T A 6 cylinder, standard, air, power $ A Y A P 
CAmAKU 
JO steering, 5,3oo miles, #3 o1 A . . • f / Y D 

LIT MR. GooDWRENCH ALIGN 
YOUR CAR'S FRONT END nom END 
AUGNMENI 

I 

 a u t o m a t i c , ai r, p o w e r s t e e r i n g , 
S / I Ti Q C 
- 2 5 1 A, 2 1 , o o o m i l e s 
.................. 
4 * 4 7 J 

>6.95 

CHEVROLET CARS ONLY 
EXTENDED BY POPULAR DEMAND 
OFFER EXPIRES APRIL 9th 

TUNE-UP 
SPECIAL 

Replace points, plugs, set timing and adjust carburetor, GM cars only. Reg. $39.95 

■ NOW 

 r\ a r \ T • 
’ t r 6 c y l i n d e r , s t a n d a r d , 
DART 
J J 8 , 9 6 2 m i l e s , — 71 3 A 
2995 
ONLY 
2 9.95 

InfeStick 
Life 

THE A B O V E CARS H AVE LO W M ILEAG E A N D 

12 -M O N T H S OR 12 ,o oo M ILES W A R R A N T Y 

R E M A IN IN G , P IU S M A N Y OTHER FINE A P P O IN T M EN T S 

TOO N U M E R O U S TO LIST. . . C O M E SEE US T O D A Y ! 

 j . r 
A 
» 
* 
* n 
A t - » / 
V - 8 , a u t o m a t i c , a i r , 
1 1 , 9 o 6 
$ 
A 
Q 
A r 
★ CAMARO 
76 mi,e#f * p-3 ................. 
.4 y V 5 

I” A in IL D A <71 LT 
2-door, air, automatic, v A fV lA K U 
J o power steering, I 2,283 miles, ’5295I 

»7il D I JL7ED 2-wh««* drive, V-8, automatic, 
S A Z Q Z 
74 BLAZER air, Cheyenne #15898 ............. 4 o Y j 

BLAZERS 

’ 7 
D I A 7 C D 
2 - w h e e l d r i v e , V - 8 , a u t o m a t i c 
I S 
D L A / c K air, C h e y e n n e — I 5 I 8 A 
.......... 
3795 

I - . / r n « -» r r» 
4 - w h e el d r i v e , V - 8, a u t o m a t i c , 
S l 
I Q f 
. 76 BLAZER a,,. C h e y e n n e = 1 5 4 1 A 
o o 7 5 

* THES E U N I T S A T 1 9 o 1 B R O A D W A Y 
19o1 B ro a d w a y 

EXTENDED BY POPULAR DEMAND 
OFFER EXPIRES APRIL 9th 

UNDERCOAT 
SPECIAL 

$2 f.9 5 

For all Mini-Cars 
Other Cars slightly higher 

EXTENDED BY POPULAR DEMAND 
OFFER EXPIRES APRIL 9th 
A N C IR A W IN T O N <===» 
BUY, RENT 
OR LEASE 

1 9 o 1 
BROADWAY 
2 2 4 - 5 5 1 6 

N. FLORES AT 
MARTIN 
2 2 5 - 5 3 3 3 

I Budget; 

 r e n t u c u r / r e n t a t r u c k / f l e e t m i e n 
QUESTION: 
WHAT DO YOU DO WITH FLEET RENTAL CARS? 
ANSWER: 
WE GIVE PEOPLE EXCELLENT CAR BUYS! 
FROM OUR FLEET WE N O W HAVE AVAILABLE: 

H E R T Z 

QUALITY USED CARS 

FROM OUR RENTAL FLETT 

74 s a ...... 
75 COMETS 
4-doors . . .. 
‘2595 

’TI. PONTIAC GRAND 
JO PRIX’S 
FRO M : ‘4 8 8 4 

76 CAMAROS 
2-door............. ‘4195 

76 IMPALAS 
Station Wagons 
*4695 

76 MONTE CARLOS 
‘4395 

ISS, e t l B S i T a f e y ’ t <■ 

J7# AIMC 
JO GREMLINS 

’7 6 A M C PACERS 

FRO M : ‘2 7 3 5 

FROM *3 o o o 

’7 6 CHEVROLET CHEVETTE HATCHBACK 
FROM *2 5 7 5 

’7 6 OLDS 
CUTLASS SUPREMES_____________FROM * 4 5 5 5 
WE HAVE ALSO AVAILABLE: N O W SEVERAL ’77 MODELS 
THAT ARE APPRO ACHING OUR SALES MILEAGE LIMIT 
’77 COUGAR 
’77 THUNDERBIRD 
BUICKS OLDS CUTLASS OLDS DELTA ROY ALES 
PACERS 
GREMLINS 
. 

76 MONARCHS 
4-door................. 3895 

76 NOVA’S 
4-door ....... 
.‘3395 

12 m onth/12,OOO mile (which ever 

 occurs first), power train warranty. Ask for details. Call: 

• 2 6 -9 6 6 5 
HERTZ SERVICE CENTER 

 luprtzk 
J n e r t z a term inal dr. 
J 
EXIT OFF 41Q 
IAT AIRPORT SIVO 

734 -CHEVROLET 

BUDGET RENT A CAR FLEET SALES 
338 N.E. LOOP 41o 
SA N ANTONIO, TEXAS 
SEE D O N H A M I FLEET MANAGER 
349-4441 

★ O P E N SU N D AY ! * 

Saturday - Sunday - Monday SALE 
THIS LOCATION ONLY 
• OPEN SUNDAY • 

734 CHEVROLET 

7 4 GREMLIN 
S-daer, auto . 
’73 PINTO 
M7Ro s/w,oui*..o<> 
‘ 1 7 8 9 
’72 IMPALA Custom s i A D A 
2-door, loaded. ....... I OOT 
71 CAMARO soofto 
6 ltd , 41,OOO mt. 
2 2 8 9 
’75 HONDA CYCC 
S & r x . ta: 
‘2689 
’75 VW BUS t: pa..., i, non m fo , air, 3o,ooo mil.. ‘4 2 8 9 
’76 PONTIAC 
UM M . Sport Covpa, c _ _ loarUd. Mp« doth 
4 5 8 9 
’76 ELITE 2-d««rloodtd, . . . . . 
KOW) mi Im 
* 4 9 8 9 

*1389 
71 f f i ^ 
— 
‘1489 

72 VEGA Hofdifegck, , , i or% 
4-*pd., arr, 34,ooo milos I O O T 
73 IMPALA 
„ , ao 
4-door, loaded 
1 5 8 9 
’74 PINTO it)oRQ 
2-door, 13,ooo rntlo... 2 2 8 9 
7 5 LTD 
4 door loaded 
3 4 8 9 
’76 BUICK 
2-deer, loaded, 14,ooo * n r o A i mibs.................... *3 5 8 9 
’76 COMET 2-door, 
. . . . . loaded, 14,ooo mi------ 3 6 8 9 
’71 FORD Crtw-Cab, 
V« jolt, auto., pow*' .. i J O V I 

197o M O N T E C A R L O S89S 
M e c h a n ic s sp e cial! L oad ed ! 
T O M B E N S O N IM P O R T S 
96oo S A N P E D R O ________ 341-1356 
1 7 5 M o m o 2 + 2 ! 'loaded! T a k e o v e r p oym e n ls, a ssu m e balance. lOO’ o financing. C oll 
E rn ie 681-3871 

~ NEW 76 CHEVETTE 
2-d oor, tin te d g lo s s , s w in g out w indow s, body side m olding, door e d g e g u a r d s . R e m o t e c o n t r o l sport m irro rs. Auto w heel c ove rs, w h ite w u tls, p u s h b u tt o n ra d io , c u s t o m in t e r io r , w ith a ir conditioning. Sale P ric e ... $376o 
, J a m iso n M o to rs, Se gu in 223-52o1 

7 o N O V A , 4 door, 6 cyl., std, ex- cedent cond. $1ooo. 349-o52o. 
'75 N o v a H a tch ba ck. V8, air, au- to., p ow er steering, R a lly w heels. 
Excellent. $295o. 674-4o13._________ 
•73 N o v a . V 8 , 35o, a ir , b u c k e t seats. N ic e buy, $195o. 533-85o6. 

T a ke o v e r p a y m e n ts on 7 4 C h e v ­ ro le t C a p r ic e . N o e q u ity . C a ll: 
824-o918 a sk for Fre d , after 7: 
922-7757 
_______________________ 
T a ke o v e r p a y m e n ts on 7 4 N ovo 
C all 222-o986 a sk F o r D e n n is after 
8 >656-4321_______________________ 
T a k e o v e r p a y m e n t s o n -75 
C o m o r o C a ll 22 2-o9 86 a s k fo r 
D e n n is otter 8 >656-4321 
T a ke o ver p a y m e n ts on 7 4 C h e v ­ ro le t C a p r ic e 
N o e q u ity . C o ll. 
624 o918 a sk for Fre d , after 7: 
922-7757 
I 73 V e g a G T W agon, am -fm , new tires, $9oo. 674 3845 otter 7 pm 
7 6 V E G A Station W agon 
4-speed, ste rer 
...................$2595 
T O M B E N S O N IM P O R T S 
96oo S A N P E D R O ________ 341 1356 
•76 V E G A W A G O N G T , 5 S P , 
A IR , 
A M - F M 
$325o. 
828-7796 
826-17o7 

SPECIALS 
ALL PRICES REDUCED 
1977 LICENSE 

7 5 M O N A C O X 
T r 
, I “::."'l.,.“ ':.‘~ . '3 7 5 o 

1 7 a D A U D * hafd,°P *edan' PoWer' Qlr' Vlnyl root- $4)1 o C 
73 PO LAR A wo* $2495. how.......................*21V5 

I T ft Cl I D V I I I hafd,°P' P°wer' oir' vinyl ^oCI, 
Was $ 1 1 e n 
7o FURY III $1495 now 
...........*1 1 5 o 

 t i t . rvrtnnr Crestwood wagon, power, oir, cruise con- 
76 D O D G E trol, 3-seats, luggage rock...............S IS O 

*74 G O LD DUSTER automatic T 
? 
: * 
: ..........‘2 8 5 o 

•68 C R O W N 
...............I 9 9 o 
. hardtop, power, oir, cruise control, , , , „ _ 
’7 6 C O R D O B A FM, vinyl roof. Like new............ *5 65 o 

•75 c o r o n e t 
? ! * " : " ,.1 
.1345o 

•73 M A R Q U IS 
______ . hordtop, power, oir, cruise control, FM, . .___ 
7 5 C O R D O B A Vinyl r a c H e a l sh a rp .......................*4 7o o 
"8'’ coupe. Original and dean. Power, ,____ 
’74 M A L IB U air, all extras, whitewalls ............. *2 7 5 o X 
Carousel hordtop, radio, heater, outomolic, 
76 COLT vinyl roof. Uke new........................ *3 2 5 o 

•75 c o r o n e t S S ’. ^ 
. ^ 
. ^ 
. a s s o 

7 2 COUPE DeVllLE S ^ K S i 
” ’! .’o.°! .C285o 
• va M a n * "6" Hardtop, power, air, vinyl roof, 
7 4 D A R T whitewalls. NRC8o7 
....................’285o. 

•7o FURY III ^ r ; . ? , £ TO. . r . ': . i:,:.“h",: . . 'i2 9 o 

•7i p o l a r a ^ r : . 4M r.\’‘* ,/ ,:::"'!.,“ ,..’i3 5 o 
••■a 
Colt wagon, air, 4 speed, radio, heater, .____ 
7 4 D O D G E s h a r p . . . . ......... 
’2 2 5 o 

7 4 SATELLITE whitewalls, real c Cne!'.!i!'."invl.r!!f:.*288o 

7 3 CHALLENGER S 
& 
^ 
^ 
. ^ 
^ 
O 
O 

 t c a u a a i a r n 4door' FxtTo cleon< P°wer' °ir- vinyl s i o c a 
6 9 M O N A C O roof Was $1495. NOW...............’ 1 2 5o 

•73 C A T A LIN A J 
* .*!’“ . ” d. * 
’"*.".7 1 5 o 

•76 a s p e n i 
: * : . p” :,;.o!’ 7 ! : ” ’ .ui:.>4o5o 
IT I r/snn Gaiaxie 5oo 4-door, power, oir, all extras.. . . . . l l FORD Sharp.................................... *1 55 o 

I T O n i D T sPort' P°wer' oir' vinyl roof' imo11 V8' s o a r a 
73 DART whitewalls................................ 2 2 5 o 

I T a D III/ - I/ Re9al CouPe- Dh ex,ros’ P ° *er' aif| vinyl t O O A A 
74 BU ICK roof. Sharp...............................*3 3 9 o 

• T C c l i I o r * c d 
Powe'' air- AM FM s,er8o' vinyl roof' s i a m 
75 CHARG ER original and dean...................’4 3 5 o tar rn■ ■/-u Century Landau hardtop, power, air, vinyl - 
75 BU ICK roof now...............................*4 19 o 

•74 N EW PO R T 
J f . J S . ' W 
I 
O.R. MITCHELL DODGE 

1 1 3 o B R O A D W A Y m N I N O S 
2 2 7 - 2 2 8 3 

BIG COUNTRY FORD SALES 

HUNTERS 

IF YOU MISSED ME 

DURING DEER SEASON 

DON’T 

MISS ME DURING 

CAR SEASON... 

“WHERE YOU CAN BUY COUNTRY STYLE 

 j j 

“NEW” 1976 MUSTANG ll 

A M R A D IO - TINTED G LASS - W S W 

STOCK # 5 7 3 6 

1977 GRANADA 2 DR. 

P O W ER ST E E R IN G -A M R A D Io -W S W 

STOCK # 1 1 1 6 

* 3 
6 
8 
9 
° 
° 
* 4 
2 
o 
2 
° 
° 

1977 F1ooSWB PICK-UP 

3 SP. STD. - 6 CYL. - G A U G ES 

TAPE STRIPES - KNITTED V IN Y L SEATS • EX TR A C O O LIN G R A D IA T O R 

REAR STEP B U M P E R 

STOCK # 1 1 5 7 

* 
3 
9 
9 
5 
OO 

1977 LTD 2 DR. HTP 

V -8 - AUTO . TRANS. - PS - PB - A M 

R A D IO - AC 

TINTED G LASS - V IN Y L TOP • FULL 

W HEEL COVERS 

STOCK # 1 1 3 1 

* 
5 
4 
o 
3 
OO 

1977 LTD ll BROUGHAM 
SQUIRE S/W 

‘ THIS W A G O N H A S A LM O ST 

E V ER Y T H IN G ” 

STOCK # 1 o 7 o 

* 6 
4 
5 
o 
° 
° 

HEMPHILL-McCOMBS NORTHWEST 
BANDERA ROAD & N.W . LOOP 41o 
681-1431 • • • OPEN SUNDAY 
★ O P E N S U N D A Y ! ★ 

734 CHEVROLET 
7 3 4 -CHEVROLET 

M o n te C a rlo '76. O rig. o w n e r mu&t se ll. E x c e p t io n a lly c le a n . V e r y : low m ile*. 828-6244 
_____________ 

•76 M o n te C a r lo L a n d a u 
F u lly loaded, C r u ise C on trol, exce llen t c o n d O w ner. $4715. 826-2276. 

M o n te C a rlo 7 5 G oo d condition, 
$3695 433-1o68; 695-912o___________ 
•72 M O N T E C A R L O E x t r a clean. 
M u s t sell. 224-6956 
_ 

•74 M o n te C a rlo 4o,ooo m l. $33oo firm 534 5344, 337-4334 

73 MONTE CARLO S25oo 
B eautifu l sh a p e 822-o141 a n ytim e 
‘72 M onte C arlo, auto” air, pow er steering, pow er b rak e s, vin yl top 
$2595 Coll: M a n u e l 341 9433 

1976 NEW MONZA 
TOWN COUPE 
C olor ke y belts, tinted g la ss, floor ' m a ts, b o d y sid e m o ld in g , d o o r I e d g e g u a r d s , w h e e l o p e n in g j m o ld in g , a ir c o n d itio n e d , sp o rt m irr o r s , 4.3, V -8 engin e. H y d ra - m afic, p ow er steering, sp o rts s u ­ sp e n sio n B R 7 8 steel ra d ia ls, w hite w o lls , A M p u s h b u tto n r a d io , sp o rt equipm ent. 
S A L E 
P R I C E 
.................... 
$4454 
J A M IS O N M t r s Seguin, 223-52o1 
'76 NEW VEGA GT 
H A T C H B A C K , tinted g la ss, sw in g out w indow s, bod y sid e m olding, air conditioned, 5 sp e ed is t r a n s ­ m i s s io n . P u s h b u t t o n r a d io 
D e L u x e b u m p e rs. S A L E P R I C E 
1 
$4o29 
J A M IS O N M t r s Se gu in 223-52o1 
N IC E C L E A N , -71 C h e v y M o nte 
Carlo, m a k e s otter. 736-1861 

735 CHRYSLER 

73 MONTE CARLO 82395 
L an d au , 47,ooo m iles. 435-1641 
73 NOVA $1695 
A M F M , air, V-8, 2 dr. 435 1641 

With A Want Ad. 

It's smart, profitable 

 and so easy. 
Call now 

•for an Ad________ 

You’ll be amazed at the interesting jobs offered in today’s 
Want Ads! 
Call 225-1666 

75 N O V A C O U P E 3 - S P E E D 
Blue, L O A D E D ! ................. $2695 
Y O M B E N S O N IM P O R T S 
96oo S A N P E D R O 
341-1356 
73 NOVA COUPE $198o 
Tip-Top! M y$ t sell. 828-6959_______ 

TAKE A SHORT 

SCENIC D RIVE 

TO 
BOERNE 

$$$ SAVE HUNDREDS SSS 
Of DOLLARS ON ANY 

• CHRYSLER 

• PLY M O U T H 

• D O D G E TRUCK or 

• G M C TRUCK 
BOERNE 
MOTORS, INC. 
823 NO. M A IN 
BOERNE 
DIRECT S.A. 
226-5515 

I 

7 3 5 -CHRYSLER 
736-DODGE 

BOERNE MOTORS INC 
C H R Y S L E R S 
P L Y M O U T H S 
D O D G E a n d G M C P I C K U P S 
823 No. M a in B o e rn e 249-3566 
D I R E C T L IN E : 226-5515 

1976 C H R Y S L E R C O R D O B A . 
L o a d e d . 55oo m ile s. N E W c a r 
W A R R A N T Y . $5875-655-4983 
7 o C H R Y S L E R N E W Y O R K E R , auto, air, nice, $895 349-9235. 
■67 C h r y s le r N e w Y o rk e r. F u lly loaded. C all: 655-S369. 

7 4 C H A L L E N G E R Beautiful. H a s to be one of the ’Sw ee te st" C h a l­ l e n g e r s in t o w n ! ! F o r m e r e 
•inform ation 
C all 
C.A. 
G a rra , 
222-8611 

'7 3 C H A L L E N G E R 
Loaded. 224-6956 
L ik e n e w 

SAN ANTONIO LINE 
227-o86o 
1 5 3 SOUTH M AIN ST. DOW NTOW N 
BOERNE, TEXAS 

72 C h a rg e r Rally. 2 d-., 34o V 8, 4 
736-DODGE bbl. A ir, auto., $155o. 653-21o1. 
I 
.............. 
•69 C H A R G E R , wide tires, cle an 
$895. 
9 5 % fin a n c in g available. 
224-441o 

736 DODGE 

•66 Chevrolet im pala, 283, m ags, 
$8oo. 648-1619 

C H R Y S L E R P L Y M O U T H C IT Y 
7ooo N W L O O P 41o at C uleb ra 
684-661o______________ 
‘75 C o rd o v a, fully loaded See at corn e r of I H IO a nd C allagh an . 
696 3598_____________________________ 

J A C K R E I G E R 
C H R Y S L E R P L Y M O U T H 
581o S A N P E D R O 
732 8211 

• 7 5 D a r t C ustom . V in y l fop, a ir, p o w e r ste ering, auto. C B rad io, 
$79oo 656-o443 

1973 D o d g e C h a r g e r S E B r o u g h ­ am . P o w e r ste ering, b ra k e s, w in ­ d o w s, a ir c o n d it io n , A M - F M 8 track, 44o cu engine. 42,5oo m iles. 
$2595 o r best otter 344-163o 
197o D o d g e C o ro n e t 44o, p o w e r s t e e r in g , a ir , A M - F M s t e r e o , 
$1,395. 344 993o atter 5 

THE N U M B E R TO C A U 
IS 2 2 5 - 1 6 6 6 
E X P R E S S A N D N E W S 

736-DODGE 

C H A L L E N G E R R T 197o, 44o 
M a g n u m , le ss than 2o,ooo m i on new e n g in e . N e w tra n sm iss io n , a m -fm ste reo cassette, new fires. 
$2,ooo D a n ie l 924-2o69 

’BR DART GTS 
E xce lle n t condition. $895. A lso '71 
B u ic k 
Sk yla rk , 
$885 
648-1131, 
656 2678____________________________ 

7 5 D a rt Sport. 6, auto., air, vinyl, pow er. $26oo V e ry clean. E cono. 
927-3615,923-247o; 923-o82o 

I 7 4 D art" Sport 36o engine A M - F O s t e r e o r o d io , a ir c o n d it io n e d p ow er steering $34oo 341-4679 a sk for Hoppy. N ights: 1-249-2471 

•69 D o d g e P o la r o . 4-d r. S e d a n , new tires, good condition. 
674-2637. 

O N E W E E K O N L Y C o m p a n y m a in ta in e d '74 C o ro n e t C u sto m 
VB, tally equipped, $225o 655-776o. 
'6 8 P o lo r a , L o a d e d . E x c e lle n t c o n d it io n . $5 95 o r b e s t o ffe r. 
227-5967 I! a m -6pm 

•7o C H A L L E N G E R VS, auto, air, pow er. $75o. 922-8661 

74 D o d g e C h a ll e n g e r 2 - d o o r h a rd to p . A uto, p o w e r st e e rin g 
R e a l clean! Call: M a n u e l 341-9433 

1972 DODGE CORONET 
4 door. L I K E N E W ! A real fa m ily c a r ........................................ $2375 
H E M P H I L L M C C O M B S 
F O R D S O U T H S ID E 
19o1 S.W M ilita ry 922-6317 

‘72 D o d g e D a r t . C le a n , e c o n - om ical. $16oo. A tter 6 : 696-11o4 

7 4 D O D G E D A R T S p o rt C o u p e 
(han g-1o M o d e l) auto, air, radio, 
Htr., b ucket h igh b a c k seats, rea l clean. M u st sell, below w h o le sale p rice; 736-S757 o r 736-5777 

'6 7 P O L A R O 
G o o d c o n d it io n . 
$5oo Coll: 699-174S ofter 5 p.m. 
72 P o lo ra C ustom , loaded, e xce l­ lent. $1675. 1-438 2335 
'69 S u p e r B., p erfe ct, b est o v e r 
$9oo K ie l 222-8611 337-58o2 

737 -FORD 

71 D O D G E D E M O N $895. A IR , 6 
S T A N D A R D . 828-6959 

BANK REPOSSESSIONS 
A V A I L A B L E 
T a k e up p a y m e n ts w ith qualified credit. A p p lic a tio n s a cc e p te d by phone. N o a p p lica tio n refu se d 
M R : E A R L 
227-1415 

★ INSTANT CASH ★ 
PAID ON THE SPOT 

CLEAN USED CARS AND TRUCI 
STOP IN FOR FREE APPRAISA 
USED CAR DEPT. 

TOM BENSON CHEVROLET 
9 4 o o S A N P E D R O 

 iXPW m -N EW < BOMUS A P S 

 rn rn rn 

A lin e s $*W 
IO days 

NON COMMERCIAL! M 
| o K _ I A 
A 
A 
CANCELLABLE j 
4 
9 a I V 
V 
V 

 r a t e C h a n g e 
QUICK RESULTS! 

73o 743MToMoI1IIES 
73o^743 BUTOMOBIIES 
73o 743 MITBM9B1LES 

.San Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— Saturday April 2 1977 mm-rnmw 

P a ge 

 c o ** 
N o 
C oluin 
Graham’/ lin co ln 

 fflo fc u fy 
1123 N. MAIN coJ*i> 
225.65o1 
M f 
Compare Prices • Compare Cash Down • Compare Monthly Payments at 

NEW 1976 
CAPRI 

The Sexy 
European Import 
*2oo.oo Down 
SOO82* 
J * 
M F month 
*3995 
Stack #16oo1 

*$99.82 per months for 48 months with $2oo down cosh or trode ex­ cluding tax, title & license on approved credit Annual percentage rate 
11.83. Cash price $3995. Deferred price $4991.36. 

MAIN 
U N C O L N - M E R C U R Y 
NEW 1977 
COUGAR 
Stock #37227 

Won best new car at San 
Antonio Auto and Speed 
Show last week. 
3o2 V-8 

 factory air, power steering, vinyl roof styled steel wheels, body side moldings, tinted glass, paint stripes. s5595 

NEW 1977 
COMET 
4-DOOR 
Stock #27o2o 

25o, 6-cylinder, automatic, power steer­ ing, tinted glass, deluxe wheel covers, body side moldings, vinyl trim. 

$99.82 per month 
’2oo"* Down 

 s3 9 9 5 °° 

*$99.82 per month for 48 months with $2oo down cash or trade excluding tax, title & license on approved credit. Annual percentage rate 11.83. Cash price 
$3995. Deferred price $4991.36. 

Limited Edition 
NEW 1977 
BOBCAT 

3-DOOR RUNABOUT 
Stock #97o29 

Removable Sun-roof, styled steel wheels, white wall tires, tinted glass. 
$86.67 per month 
$2oo Down 

* 3 4 9 5 

$86.67 per month for 48 months with $2oo down cash or trade excluding tax, title & license on approved credit. Annual percentage rate 11.83. Cash price 
$3495. Deferred price$436o.16. 

NEW 1977 

—WK.a. 
V* 

NEW 1977 
MONARCH 4-dr. stock #8714o 

Tinted glass, vinyl top, white wall tires, 
2oo ’6'' cylinder engine. 
$99.82 per month 
$2oo 
Down 

MARQUIS 
4- 
DOOR 

Stock # 5 7 1 4 2 

• 4oo V-8 

• vinyl interior 

• factory air 

• power steering 

• tinted glass 

• body side moldings 

• white wall tires 

• remote control mirror 

*3995 

 per mon! 
48 months with $2oo down cash or trade ex­ cluding tax, title & li­ cense on approved credit. Annual percen­ tage rate 11.83 Cash price $3995. Deferred price $4991.36. 

SUPER 
SALE 
PRICE s5895 

THIS WEEKEND ONLY! 

★ ★ NOTICE ★ ★ 

AN ERROR WAS MADE!!! 

The North Star Dodge "BACK YARD 

SALE” will be held today. The let­ 

 ter you received had the wrong 

 date. Today, April 2nd is the day 

 to save big money on a new 

Dodge car or truck. It s a tremeri- 

 dous opportunity. THE SALE WILL 

BEHELD TODAY, April 2nd. RAIN OR 

SHINE!!! 

NORTH STAR DODGE 

7242 SAN PEDRO 
.openevenings* 
341-2251 

* 7 o o 

COMBINATION FACTORY-DEALER 
REBATE 

ON EVERY NEW I 976 
O P E L 

LIMITED OFFER 
OPEN ’TIL 8 P.M . 

B U I C K CO. 
45oo SAN PEDRO 
734-4221 

TOM BENSOM USED CAR AND TRUCK DEPARTMENT’S 
“ SOMETHING FOR EVERYONE’’ SALE 

737-raw 

BIG C O W R Y FORD 
San Antonio________ Coir. 227-o86o 

E Y E C A TC H E R 
’72 G ran Torrno Sport, im m . cond. 
$24oo. leave no.822-o418 
_ 

66 F a irla n e load ed, good cond, 
$495. A fter S:3o, 824-2122_________ 
•67 F A IR L A N E , runs good. $39$. 
224-441o_______________________ _ 

71 F A IR L A N E W A G O N $795 
A IR . A U TO . S A C R IF IC E . 828-6959 
■64 Falcon. 2dr, 6cyl, auto. $3oo. 
Good cond. $43oo 922-8661 
•67 F a lc o n , 4o,8oo m ile s , c le a n , good gas. $8oo. 653-8o79__________ 

737 HIBB________ 

I 197o Ford Custom. A ir. Good con- dition. 56oo m ake offer 341-7313 
’7o F o rd D e lu x e L T O w a g o n , j 
Loaded. B a rg ain ! $11oo. 696-o771 

1 1976 FO R D E L IT E , fully loaded. 
826-9565, 695-8o56__________________ 

7 2 F O R D G A L A X IE . $75o. C A L L : 
I 341-2766 otter 7PM _________________ 

7 2 FORD GALAXIE $1166 
4-DO O R, A IR , V-8, A U T O . S M A L L 
DOW N 435-1641 

THE FAMILY 
THE ELITE 
I 

I T I * MALIBU 4-door, loaded, low $ G A A r 
/ D miles, stock # 2 o 6 8 ................... J U Y j 

J**# LEMANS 9-passenger wagon S t y O C 
I O loaded, stock # 1 1 8 4 ................. D / Y D 

I T I PLYMOUTH Valiant 4-door, 6- 
/ cylinder, autom atic trans­ mission, air conditioned, radio, $ 41 I Q C stock # 1 96o ................................. A I # 3 

, J 3 IMPALA 4-door, loaded, stock $ 2 2 9 5 

J " E l CAPRICE Coupe, AM /FM and 
/ O all extras, loaded, stock $ ( | ^ 9 5 

J T C CADILLAC 
D eville loaded, S T O O T I 
/ D 3o,ooo miles, stock # o 3 8 o . . / O Y D 
I 

I T A BUICK Electra Coupe. Lim ited, S O O O C I 
/ H loaded, stock # 2 o 1 7 ................. D Y Y D 
I 

I T I MERCURY M arquis Coupe all 
I 
/ O the extras, loaded, stock SC O O C 
I 
# 1 6 2 1 ............................................... D Y Y D I 

I J S BUICK Riviera loaded, stock 
^ 5 
9 
9 
5 
I 

 l y / L CORDOBA Coupe every e xtra 
| 
I O available, loaded, stock SC I O C 
I 
# 1 8 3 3 ............................................... O I Y D I 

THE SPORTY 
THE TRUCKERS 
| 

IT Z . CAMARO Super Sport A M /FM JC I O C 
/ O tape, loaded, stock # 2 o 7 2 ... D I Y D 

I T C CAPRICE Convertible loaded, JC I O C 
/ D stock # 2 o 5 6 ................................. D I Y D 

I V A CAMARO 
6-cylinder, auto- 
/ A m atic transmission, radio, S O O Q C pow er steering, stock # 2 o 2 2 
A D T D 

*7 *1 NOVA 
Hatchback 
Coupe, 
8 
/ D cylinder, autom atic trans­ mission, pow er steering, stock $1 O O T 
I 
# 2 o 3 8 ............................................... 
I T Y D 

 i y * % MUSTANG low miles, loaded, $ * ) 7 o C 
I 
/ w stock # 2 o 7 3 ................................. J L I Y D 

 l y L CHEVROLET I ton dual w heel, 
I 
'/ O loaded, 
Silverado package, $C O O C 
I stock # 1 9 4 4 ................................. D o Y D 
I 

ITC CHEVROLET '/* ton, 6-cylinder, 
I 
/ D radio, custom deluxe, stock SO O O C 
I 
# 2 o 7 o .............................................. / B Y D I 

 l y e TOYOTA 
Pickup autom atic 
I 
I O transmission, radio, air con- J A A A P 
| ditioned, stock # 2 o o 8 ..............D Y Y D I 

’ T i l CHEVROLET 
Vt ton loaded, 
SO O O C I 
/H stock # 2 o 2 7 ................................. D D YD I 

» T C DODGE Von needs some w ork $ T O O C I 
/ D but it’s cheap, stock # 2 o o o . . D Y Y D J 

THE BURGIET BUYERS j 

I 
! 1 A DODGE 
I 
I l i m Monaco stock $ I C O S 
* 
# 1 7 SOA______ I D Y D 

| l r Q AMC W agon 
I 
OO stock 
$ HOC 
I 
# 16 4 o A --------- 
B Y D , 
I 
1 1 1 CAMARO 
1 
I 
/ I stock 
$ | C O C 
I 
# I 9 6 7 A ______ I D Y D 

[ » 7 A MAZDA RX 
< 
I 
/ 4 i « o k 
‘ 
1 
6 
9 
5 I 

I I T A VW BUG 
I 
/ u « o « .... ‘ 
8 
9 
5 i 

\ ’ A f t AMC 
4 - 
[ 
OO door, stock 
$ 
T O C I 
( 
# 2 o 4 2 ............* / Y D I 

| i y A AMG Hornet, j 
/4 53?74 
* 1 
6 
9 
5 

I 
I L A IMPALA 
! 
I 
OH stock 
$ 
J A P 
I 
# 2 o 7 7 ........... 
4 9 5 
I 

I I T A IMPALA 2- 
! 
/ im door, stock t i A O C 
( 
# i o i 7 A ______ I 4 Y D 
| 

66 F o rd G a la x y . 2 -d o o r, fu lly e quipped. V e ry good co n d itio n 
: 57oo 674-7588.___________________ _ 

: T S 
F o r d 
G o o d 
T im e s 
V a n . 
! L o a d e d E x c e ll e n t , c o n d itio n . 
828-6355 a lter 7:-696-o3o3 
Tom Benson 

IIL Pnmi Pnimtm/ Q.UU 

 ver, air,1oo% financing 
$2789 
1975 FORD GRANADA 
■ 
P ow er, a ir .1oo% financing 
$2789 
1 
H E M P H IL L M C C O M B S N W 
B andera Rd-Loop 41o 681-3871 
■7! Ford Country Sedan Wagon 
I 
Runs well. $15oo 341-8425________ 

'74 ford Courier S1675 
Airt. 
C L E A N 1 
E C O N O M I C A L ' 
______ 43S 1641 
__ 

7 4 FORD $1595 
J Custom 4-door. Loaded 435-1641 

4 d o o r S ed a n 
A u to m a tic , a ir - 
.power steering, brakes 
. . . 53489 
H E M P H IL L M C C O M B S 
F O R D S O U T H S ID E 
1°o1 S W M ilita ry 922-6317 
•75 Ford G ran Torino. E xecutive 
C ar 49,ooo M iles, 523oo 655 7846. j ’74 Ford G ran Torino B rougham , 
V -8, a u to m a tic , p o w e r, (a c to ry a ir, new ra d ia l tires. 77 license 
Like new. 
$7695. 
W ill trode. 
I *23-2883 

L O O P 4 
1 
o & S A N P E D R O 
3 
4 
1 
- 3 
3 
1 
4 

■#**>• ANE*- 
MN* 

San Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— Saturday April 2 1977 
Center collates accident data 
% 

SPECIAL TO THI I iPRtSS NEWS 

WASHINGTON — A national data center to collate accident cause, injuries and fatalities and the impact of laws and other measures on safety has been estab­ lished by the National Highway Traffic 
Safety Administration, Its official name is 
National Center for Statistics and Analy­ sis. The (enter will try to standardize state traffic record reporting and also use trained professionals to investigate acci­ dents. This action could boost the case for 
Periodic Motor Vehicle Inspection 
(PVIVT) if it shows vehicle defects a serious cause* of accidents. An Indiana 
University study indicates vehicle fai­ lures caused 4.5 to It per cent of accidents with brake failure responsible for 4o per cent of the trouble. 

This is Datsuns new B-21o ‘Plus*, which the Environ­ mental Protection Agency has rated at 5o and 37 miles per gallon, respectively, on the highway and in the city. 
The vehicle uses a modified version of Datsun's 14oo cc 

 engine, a five-speed overdrive transmission, catalytic converter and steel-beited radials for its improved mi­ leage. 
Simple steps needed in selling own used car 

VERSAILLES 

SPECIAL TO THE EXPRESS NEWS 
DETROIT — Selling your own used car can be very worthwhile. But to be suc­ cessful in this effort, ifs necessary to take several simple steps. 
The success or failure of a used-car sale is partly determined when the person buys bis.new car. 

While most people order the color and the options that suit them most in their new cars, ifs often wiser to think of that second owner and to order bright colors and the most popular options. 
Most buyers of late-model used cars want all the accessories — power steer­ ing, power brakes and power seats. 

Generally, used-car buyers also want air conditioning, although this demand is now slackening a big. 
Used-car buyers generally are strongly attracted to the lighter, brighter colors. 
The popularity of colors changes from year to year, but the most popular car over the years has been a red and white model or a solid red one. 

The daily newspaper used car sections provide the best information on used-car prices. 
Two important factors when selling a used car are its appearance and how well it operates. finally, a classified ad in a newspaper is one of the best ways to sell a car and it's usually worthwhile to mention the price. 

Continued from Page I 

 side noise 
Lincoln has employed a unique paint system for the Versailles that is obvious the first time you look at the car. Not even color photographs can capture the base coat — clear coat paint lustre 
Before the paint process is started, the doors, hood and decklid are hand sanded to take out small imperfections. Next the base primer is added, then comes the high pigment low gloss acrylic enamel base. The gleaming lustre comes from the final clear high gloss enamal top coat. 
Every Versailles receives seven paint applications, then passes through a 
36o-foot oven where the paint is baked for 
2o minutes. 
Unusual, final checks 

Each Versailles that comes off the as­ sembly line moves into a series of unusual and final checks that Lincoln calls the 
Prestige Assurance Program 
These cheeks include the Vehicle Elec­ trical Test System that uses a computer to cheek the car’s electrical system. Each car is then driven on a Burke-Porter road simulator machine that is designed to simulate various road surfaces from cobblestone to freeway. 
The list of standard equipment is long, but even so there is a selection of factory 

 installed extra cost options such as a power moonroof. appearance protection group, a garage door opener-sender module installed in the passenger visor, an assortment of radio and tape options and a tilt steering wheel. 
Car worth price 

Lincoln feels strongly they have a lux­ ury car that is worth its price, and that price is surprisingly low for today’s mar­ ketplace. $11,5oo. 
Walter S. Walla, general manager of the 
Lineoln-Mereury Division, says the Ver­ sailles is the lowest priced sm all luxury car on the U.S. market. The sales goal is 
2o.ooo units by the end of the calender year. 
After the drive-ride program was over, 
I was sitting at the same table with Walt 
Walla for lunch. 
“ Jim .” he said, ‘‘San Antonio is the best Lineoln-Mereury market in the 
United States.” 
I said. “ Walt, can I quote you on that?” lie said, “ Sure.” 

Lineoln-Mereury expects to have at least one Versailles on the show room floor of every dealer in the country by 
April 15 and there are I.KOO dealers. 
San Antonio dealers are North Park 
Lineoln-Mereury, 92o7 San Pedro, and 
Main Lineoln-Mereury, 1123 N. Main. 
______________ _ 
_ 
____________ I 
AUTOMOTIVE OKAL AY a u t o m o t iv e d is p l a y 
AUTOMOTIVE DISPLAY 
AUTOMOTIVE DISPLAY 
AUTOMOTIVE DISPLAY 

IIP W 
M 
B [ L ® ® D » © P @ I 
AVAILABILITY • • • 
YOU’LL FIND 
IT HERE!! 

7 7 CORDOBA 

#7158 

4o 
TO CHOOSE! 

W e h a v e t h e l a r g e s t , s t o c k o f 

V o t a r e ’ s i n t h e 
S o u t h w e s t ! 
A l l 

 c o l o r s , s t y l e s 
& e q u i p m e n t 
— 

 s h o p n o w w h i l e t h e s e l e c t i o n 

 w 
^ l a s t s ! W e ’ ll m a k e t h e p r i c e r i g h t ! 

7 7 VoLARE 

• ' g f? 

(a) 

$5742 

#72o5 
$4799 

H 
Built 
JACK RIEGER 
CHII Y SLER-PL V MOUTH 
See Us First 
58oo SAN PEDRO 
Phone: 7 3 2 -8 2 1 1 ® 

APRIL USED 
CAR SPECIALS 

•TA M I IC T A M r ll 2doof' whi,e' bel9® vin’'1 
/ Q 
( T l U ) l A P H J ll top, radio, outonot i, t a i g a stooling, 6-cylinder, air, one owner..................... ‘ 4 1 V U 
» Y r D I V M A I I T U Valiant, 
4-door sedan, 
/ J r L l lY lU U I n maroon with black vinyl top, power steering, power brakes, automatic, 8-cylind- jn y s Q A er, air............................................................ 
« JU V U 
•Til E A D IX ^a¥er,ck' 2-door, copper with brown 

/ 4 r U K U vinyl top, deluxe vinyl inferior, radio, r o n 

 automatic, power steering, 6-cylinder, air. low miles, / j V U 
• T C | |L|/-A l Al Continental, 2-door coupe, blue 
/ u L IN V V I Pi with white vinyl top, fully loaded, j . / v r n all power and air, AM with CB radio, one owner 
o V 3 v 

7 4 SUBARU DL automatic, 4- ylinder, oi ,*> 1 7 5 o 
’72 OLDSMOBILE 

AM/FM with tape, automatic, powor steering, power brakes, air, 8 cylinder........................... 
A u V U 

M A D A ! IIC !* door *®dan' 9reen wdb 8ieen 
/ u I y jA K U U I u vinyl lop, radio, automatic, pow­ er steering, power brokes, 8-cylinder, air, speed c o o m control........................................................ u O u U 
• 7A M C D f l l D V ^onar(h> 2-door, silver, red Ion 

/ o M c K l U K T dau vinyl top, radio, automatic, < , . - - power steering, power brakes, 6-cylinder, air 
4 1 u U 
• T A AA m n ID V Cougar XR7, cream with cream 
/ o f f lC K l.U K I landau vinyl top, AM/FM with j a o q a 

 tope, automatic, power steering, power brakes, air. 
4 W U 

 i i m u 16oo, brown, radio, automatic, 4- 
72 CAPRI cylinder, air................................. 
169o 
7 4 CAPRI standard 
.........................*239o 

* 7 C C H 
IX ^l,e‘ b'ue wrtb ° lue vinyl toP. 

I J / ( J K I/ AM/FM stereo, automatic, power $ a a a a 

 steering, power brakes, air, 1o,ooo miles........ 
4 u V U 

’75 BOBCAT 
‘2598 

•TC r U E llD S X IC T Mon,e 
Cor,°' si,vef * ith 
/ J (.M C V K U L t I white vinyl .top, 
AM/FM cassette, automatic, power steering, power brakes, so O D A air, speed control, console bucket sects u Y V U 

»T 4 AA A M T C r A D IIX w*ld® wi,h 
/ 4 M U N I t ( . A K I U top, AM/FM stereo, sn a a a 

 automatic, power steering, power brakes, air u u Y U 
• T A M C I* A A T lotion Wagon, brown, AM'FM 
/ 4 V C O A ( l l with tape, standard, 4-cylinder, s i q a a air, luggage rack........................... ........... 
Ic 
•TC D I I l l ' l l Riviern’ 2-door, red with white vinyl 
S C O C A 

/ 3 D U IV .lv top, fully loaded, all power and air.. j / j U 

D I t i n / Rlv,ero- white with landau vinyl top, 
/ o D U K . K oil power and air, fully looded, 8,ooo miles 
......................... 
o o 3 (1 

 l li 

o u r G o a , ? “ 
N o 
NO RTH I Unhappyowners 
PARK I 

737 -FORD 

I i F o r d C r a n T o r i n o S p o r t , 
4 speed, a ir. Pow er s te e rin g , brokes. Michelin tires AM -FM, tope deck. 52495-/34-7969 

1976 Fort! Gran Torino 
4 door A utom atic, a ir pow er steering, brakes. A real clean car ..........................................54489 
HEMPHILL MCCOMBS 
FORD SOUTHSIDE 
19o1 S W. M ilitary 922-4317 
1 977 Ford LTO Brougham, air? power, one owner, excellent con- clition. $1,695. 824-1435, 735-14oo. 
‘i i front LTD Brougham, V-8, au- tomatic, power, factory air. Very low mileage 77 license. Excep­ tionally clean. $1195 Will trade 
923-2383 
______________ 
Ford LTO 71, 4 dr. Sedan Power excellent. 532-7494, 494 583o_____ 
•72 FORD LTD, fully loaded, 2 dr ! hardtop, $2ooo ASI-35/o 
‘71 Ford Pickup Power, auto, air, ) 
36o, Sport Custom. 623-5o28 or 
93314o9. owner. $2,ooo. 
FORD PINTO 1972. 
Gas Saver” j 
4-cylinder standard. Will help tin- 1 once. Coll. Mario 433-1464______ 

737- FORD 

71 FORD RANCH station Wagon, a ir, power steering, auto. im ­ maculate condition 33,ooo origin­ al m iles, no equity, take over i payments Randy. 681-3692______ 

75 FORD SI 995 
TORINO 4-DOOR, POWER, AIR 
435-1641 
67 Ford Wagon Automatic, air, 
48oo. Call: 349-724o. 

737-FORD 
LINCOLN-MERCERY] 

92o7 SAN PEDRO 

(I Blk. North o f loop 41o) 
341-8841 

■74 Ford Wagon Vt, auto., a ir, extra clean. 69o-1632 
T u lly loaded 1976 GR S n A DA 
GHIA. 11,ooo miles Will sacrifice. 
Call Richard Moreno 222-8611 
'68 Galaxie 5oo, Auto, Good Con­ dition, 44oo. 533-3344. 
6? GALAX IF., auto, a ir, very good, $425. 349-9235____________ 
G R AN ADA 1976, a u to m a tic , / power, air. V-8 engine Will help finance. Colt Woody 433-1464 
75 Granada, low mileage. Very clean. S345o. 653-o749 661-435* 
76 Grunod 2-door, 6 cyl. auto. air. I 
11,ooo m iles. 
Can fin a n ce . ; 
$41oo-656-1ooo, 655-7875 

Gran Torino 1972 Station Wagon, air, radio, 8-track stereo, Cleon, 
344-o393, 344-o59o 
737-FORD 

'72 Gran Torino. Loaded, excel­ lent. cond. $18oo or best o ffer. 
922-97o2 atter 6. 

76 LTD Brougham, 14,ooo miles. 
AM-FM stereo. Cruise control, extras. Immaculate! 341-o3o5 
1^71 Gran T o rin o , sta n d ard * 
3-speed, new point. Engine over­ hauled $95o-674-1541 
7 4 LTD $2195 
2-door hardtop. 
Low miles. 
435-1641 
?4 Gron Torino i-door hardtop. 
Auto, air. Power steering, power brakes, vinyl top. $2495. Call on- uei. 341 9433 
1975 H O 4 door, 351 V 8 w ith 
Power, $3495. 667-1oo3 
. 
S r I S t d I a l 
76 Musiang, excellent condition, low m ileage, sun roof, s liv e r. 
Toke over pymts. Couldn't touch it on a tot fo r th is p rice . C all 
341-5854 atter 5pm 

‘7i LTD 4-dr. hardtop. Air. power steering, brakes. $165o. 698-261o. 
•75 LTD Landau, 4-door, auto. power steering, a ir, e xcellent condition. No eauity, take over payments, Randy 681 3692 
HAVE IS to 2o REPOS NOW ON 
S A L E !! M ake on o tte r. C a ll: 
Woody 433 1464 

*73 MAVERICK $15oo 
AFTER 5; 
435-11o9 
74 Maverick, auto, 4 door, excel­ lent $2ooo. 226-3547. 
IMMACULATE! 
•75 LTD wagon, power steering, brakes, air Bill, 824-442o: 696-o655 

*73 M averick, 4 door, stand., 6, air, I owner, excellent cond. $175o 
227-1418 224-8759 
KINSEL FORD-MeRCURY 
PLEASANTON, TEXAS 
S.A. Phone 626-2791 

‘74 MAVERICK, 4-door, automa­ tic, clean $1795. 95% financing available. 224-441o 

MOST OF OUR QUALITY 
USED CARS QUALIFY FOR 

 j M E C H A N IC A L IN S U R A N C E j 
C O VER A G E 

T h e P o lit y t h a t L * ts " V o u S ig n A w n y T 
^ T o f 
T h e -C o s t O f M a j o r M e c h a n ic a l R e p a ir s F a r 1 2 
M o n th s O r 
1 2 , o o o M ile s , W h ic h e v e r C a rn ies 
First" 
, 
. 
. 

» 
* M O T O R ’S IN S U R A N C E C O R P O R A T IO N * 
_ _ 

CHECK THESE FINE 
LOW MILEAGE CARS 

•"YA n n n r t Dart 4 door, bota* w ith tan In- 
/ v U U l» 
>. toner, 6 ty liw iw , autom atic, air conditioned, pawer steering, 
AM radio, t i A e r 
V ary cloop lr 2 2 5 IB ............................................ l u T J 

* 7 1 1*1171 AC C C®“P *' bra n le with tan vinyl 
/ I L U I LM J J top, automatic, air, power 
Peering, power brakes, AM radio- Must see 
SAS A C 
(flit f o r /# T887B ................................................... 
1 1 V S 
’ T I O I n C Vlstocroisar, green w ith green in- 
/ I U L l l ,3 tenor, automatic, pow er, air, AM 
SA A A C radio, 4 4 ,9 2 7 mile*. # 1 1 6 2 A .......................... 
H 
V 
S t e n C/S A A I Y A 
Brougham 7 door, blue with 
I i I U K * # I I H white vinyl top, automatic, air, pow er steering, pow er brakes, powor windows, p o w e r seats, cruise control. 
S A I A C 
# 3 3 7 o 4 . . v : ................................................................ 
Z I 
V S 
IS A a i n r g o Royale 
4 door, brown w ith 
/ X U L U ) O O beige interior, automatic, air, 

 stereo, 4 8,8 4l'm ile s 
, . . . .brokc‘ : . AM : fM *1995 
7 2 OLDS 9 8 IS vinyl top, automatic? air, pow er steering ana power brakes, pow er w indow * and teats, tilt w heel, AM radio 
S A A A C w ith 8 track tape. # 3 3 4 5 A 
............................. i i I J 

 i m 
4*1 I T I ACC <-ouP *' bronx* with ten in- 
/ I I U I L A J J tenor, automatic, air, power steering pow er brakes, AM, very nice car. 
*2495 

 w a SHAD A l A 
Custom 
Coupe, green with 
/ £ . I f t l r A I A white vinyl top, autom atic, air, 
$ o 4 O C pow er steering, pow er brakes, AM radio 
. . l a I J 
IS A n n n o r Dart Swinger, blue w ith w hite vi- 
/ a p l / U v t ny! top, 6 cylinder, autom atic, 
# 222T A W* r 
, t ®er'n8' w hite side w all. *2295 

7 3 GRAN TORINO X > ’ top, automatic, air conditioned, pow er steering, power 
SA A A r brakes. AM , 4 7 ,o o o miles. Cleon. # 5 3 3 4 8 
ZVV5 
IS A A l I l f U Centurion 
Convertible, green 
/ A B U I v n with beige top, autom atic, air, pow er steering, pow er brakes, tilt, cruise, pow er^windows, and seats, AM FM stereo. 
*2995 

* 7 2 I M O A I A 
* door, green w ith w hite vinyl 
/ J l i t , 'A L M top, automatic, air, power steering, pow er brakes, Tilt, AM , 4 6 ,o o o s a A A C miles. » 1989A 
...................................................... 
2 4 V S 

 w s D I 11/* i f *•* Sabre, Blue, w ith w hite top, 
/* $ D U t s .ll automatic, air conditioned, pow - or steering, power brakes, pow er windows, and tacks, A w ay pow er seats, tilt and 
S A A A C cruise, AM -FM stereo. # 2 3 1 3A 
..................... 
J J V S 
I S I ry i (s c Cutlass “ S" green w ith green In- 
I S U L U 3 terior, automatic, pow er, air, AM 
SOO A r radio, ^ o ,o o o miles. V33SO A 
............................ 
D O T J t J £ n j n r Delta 88 Royale 3 door, silver w ith 
I Y U L U S burgundy vinyl top, automatic, pow er steering, pow er brakes, 
AM-FM s o O A C stereo Struck, 3v OOO miles. # i OI 7A 
. . . . . 
U U T U 

* *» 4 
A « » / Hornet 4 door, tan w ith tan vinyl 
I *? 
A m i , root, 6 cylinder, autom atic, air cond)- ss A A C honed, w hite sidewalls. # 2 1 7 5 8 ................... l O T J 
I S I f s A A I Green w ith tan interior, 6 cylinder, 
/ *1 L A " K l automatic, air conditioned, power SAC A C brakes, AM radio, e xtra c le a n # 21 33A 
. . . 
Z J 7 J 
» Y jI D I VILAA l I T U Ouster, green w ith white 
/ * I l l - 1 r n U U I n trim, 6 cylinder, automatic, m r.^j»ow er staerlng, 
AM , 
2 7,o oo mites. *2995 

• s i a i rye Delta 88 4 door, black w ith bur- 
/ “ U L U 3 gundy vinyl top automatic, air, power steering, power brakes, tilt, cruise, 
SA C A C 
AM -FM stereo, k 191 SA 
...................... 
O J 7 J i s r /s i rye Cutlass 4 door, blue with w hite tap, 
I J U L U J automatic, c iw t r steering, power 
S A A A C brakes, AM radio. 3 3,o oo miles # 4 8 3 2 A 
. . 
4 V V > 
IY C A l D C Cutlass Supreme, w hite w ith blue 
I J U t "J bmdav m o ', automatic, air, pow er, s e C A C 
Ahi-* rn stereo. # 2 3 5 1 A 
.................................... 
4 3 7 3 

IY C / U T I ACC Supreme, blue with landau 
I 3 L U I L A J J roof, console, automatic, swiv­ el buckets, air conditioned, pow er steering, pow er brakes, AM radio w ith 8 track rape. t i C A C 
o 2 4 5 3 A ............................................................................*4395 
»YC / U t t / 1 5 A I CT M a n ia, orange w ith tan in- 
/ J I n t V h U l t I terior, 4 speed, air condi­ tioned, pow er steering, AM -FM stereo 8 
S A I A C track. # 3 1 32A 
..........."........................................ 
Z495 
IY C 8 4 IIC Y 4 A I/* 
I' Silver, w ith silver vinyl 
/ 3 m U 3 lArlu top, 
V 6 4 speed, power steering, power brakes, AM -FM stereo, air s a 4 A C conditioned. # 3 1 6 3 A ......................................... 
3 4 Y 3 

* 7 C D I I I T M Century wagon, branle w ith tan 
/ 3 D U IV IV interior, automatic, air condi­ tioned, pow er steering, power brakes, se C A C power windows, AM -FM stereo. # 2 3 5 8 A 
. . 
4 3 V 3 
. Y e | T ty W agon, w hite w ith blue interior, auto- 
/ 3 L I U maut, airconditioned, pow er steering, p aw er brakes, AM radio, roof rack. Very 
S A Y A # clean. # 2 1 3 1 A 
..................................................... 
3 /9 5 
IY C n j rye Cutlass Supreme 2 door w hite with 
/ Q U L U ) burgundy vinyl top, automatic, air conditione# powor brakes, paw er seats, 
S J A A C bucket seats, only I 3 ,o o o miles. # 5 3 9 3 
. . . 
4 V V 5 
IY Z D I I l f I / Century 4 door, beige w ith white 
/ O B U I v is vinyl top, automatic, air, power steering, power brakes, tilt w heel, tan cloth sc A A C seats, AM radio, 16,375 miles. S 2 2 o J A 
. . . 
5 3 V 5 

SBR ViCB, W H A T 
IT ’S ALL ABOUT 

Q U A LIT Y USED CARS / 
S 
H 
W 
LEA S IN G & 

R EC R EA TIO N A L 
Uy 
__________ 

VEHICLES 
^ 
Gunn 
O ldsm obile 

TSO N J. LOOP 4To A f BROADWAY 
824-5411 

737 FORD 

737-FORD 

7o MAVERICK 2-door. $595. 95% flnoncing available. Coll 224-441o 
197o M averick door, standard, clean, >75o. 653-6938. ’ sK'sA 
74 Maverick 4 door. "Automatic, air, power steering. $2488. Coll: I 
Manuel, 341-9433_______________ 
1974 M a verick 2 door/ 6 auto. 
$1895 Otter. 655-5255 _________ 
74 M averick 4-dr., auto.7 a ir clean, neat cor. 
Best offer. : 
824-8731._______________________ ki 
74 Maverick Stand , air. Excel- 
7,17 - FflRIl 
IM I mini aic.l Old B-> A.*199 
' « ' 
I UUU 

TAKE OVER 
PAYMENTS 
ANO ASSUME BALANCE 
27 other cars to choose from 
Most have air and pow er. 
Partial list 
IM . 

75 CMN Torino Sport. tootled...................... $3193 
76 C O N T iN fH fU ................... 
57542 
77 FORD Pickup wirti romper. . . . . . . . $$591 
74 SUMRU Wagon.......... $1566 
69 OLDS Taronodo.......... . $691 
72 RAT CenvtrtiWa.......... $1o97 

‘73 MONTI CARIO........... 52266 
71 FORD Von................... $1667 

7oPONTIACUMant. . .. 
. $763 
'It FORD Pkkup V»-Fan.. 
52271 
74 PINTO........................ $1o64 
74 GOOD TIMES VAN, law mUaago. . . . . . . . $4963 
73 PONTIAC ................. 
51586 
72 CAoIUAC Deville 
. .. 
52496 
7$ VEGA Estate wagon 
_ 52215 
67 DATSUN 

J IK k S MUMA 
2 2 2 -1 6 8 5 
2 2 2 -8 6 1 1 
1o25 SAN PEDRO 

74 MUSTANG ll Must Sell! Ex­ ce lle n t condition, 4 c v l, econ­ omical 5715o 69o 1735. 
‘74 Mustang ll, 23 mpg, $22oo, auto, a ir, power steering and brakes, new radials. 735-4887. 
TS MUSTANG FT V-6, low mi. power steering, a ir, auto, am 
I radio, 3-door Yellow. Excellent 
I condition 655 3882; 656-7819 
7o’ 
M ustang 
Mach 
I. 
351 
/Cleveland engine, im m aculate condition. Asking $32oo. 227-5967 
| 1lam-6pm_______ _____________ 
, 69 Mustang 3o2, new tires, paint, 
■ 2o + MFQ Stereo. 684-1865. 
, ’66 Mustang perfect, best over 
I $9oo. Kiel 222-8611 337-58o2 
: 75 MUSTANG. Real nice. Clean, 
: low mileage. Call Dan Peterson 
( 222-8611_______________ 
•65 Mustang 289, stand., a ir, I 
I owner. $15oo. 227-4418 224-8759 
Must Sell! 75 Ford Elite. Excel­ lent cond., asking Book value. 
436 2744 after 3.________________ 
NEED A CAR? HAVE A j 6 b ? 
SOME CREDIT? I Can H elp! 
Call. Steve Broomall 222-8611 
75 PINTO 3-door 
Take over payments, no equity, 
Call Credit Manager, 349 6948 
’ 76 Pinto MPG, 2 dr, auto, air, radio, heater, bucket seats, goad condition. 225-6727, 826-5394._____ 
Pinto 76 Runabout repo. 14,o6o mites. A ir, 4-speed. Very nice. 
Pay off $2849 or best offer. GEICO 
1247 NE Loop 41o 

■66 MUSTANG 
$85o. 226-o291 
■68 MUSTANG 8, auto, excellent 
$1295. 653-5o63 
‘73 M ustang, auto, a ir, power steering, power brakes, vinyl top. 
$2595. Call: Manuel 341 9433 
•72 MUSTANG CONVERTIBLE new top, tire s and m ags. 351 
Cleveland, auto, power, air. 918 
Melissa off 77oo blk Blanco Rd. 

•67 MUSTANG, extra nice, 6 cyl. standard, air. New steel radials. 
433 3437 
•69 Mustang Fastback 18 mpg, good condition $9oo 684-7493. 
1974 MUSTANG GHIA 
COUPE 4-speed, AM-PM tope. 
Very low mileage ................$2995 
HEMPHILL MCCOMBS 
FORD SOUTHSIDE 
>9o1 5.W. M ilitary 922-6317 
_ 

75 Pinto Runabout 4-speed, air. 
$2595 Call Manuel 341-9433 

OUR NEW CAR SALES ARE UP 
5 2 % —WE MUST MAKE ROOM 
FOR DAILY 1977 TRADE-INS 

REMEMBER: IF YOU D O N T BUY YOUR 
* 
CAR FROM TINDALL Y O U ’LL PAY TOO M UCH! it BARGAINS ic BARGAINS ic BARGAINS * 

SPECIAL OF THE WEEK" 

* 7 C 
A M V I! 11 Brigham Convertible, full 
/ J “ " “ I " “ ILH stereoTjlatt^whit^nteay,! power end air, AM-FM ce n e w ...................... 
’5688 
’2488 
’2188 
’3688 

’4388 
’2688 

*3788 

7 5 CATALINA 
4 Door, excellent condition. JUST...................... 
7 3 ELECTRA 225 4 Door hardtop, fully loaded. Perfect. JUST. 
7 4 LIMITED 
2 Door hardtop, fully looded like New Just........................................ 
’74 RIVIERA 
Io®/®*/' AM EM stereo-tope, landau, vinyl top, power windows & seats power door locks, tilt wheel, cruise control, Chrome wheels, 
27,ooo miles. JUST................................................................................. 
7 4 BONNEVILLE 2 Door hardtop. Fully looded. AM-FM. JUST................................ 

’ 7 4 G R A N D S A F A R I 
*to,ion w°9°n fully loaded, AM-FM Stereo 
8 track, 
“ 
.IH T M H I power windows & seats, cruise control, tilt wheel, power door locks. Woodgrain. JUST..................... ........................ 

7 4 C U T I A 5 5 S A L O N 
2 Door hord,°P' Fu,|y lc,oded‘ AM fM *,erco- 8 ,,otk' i power windows, power door locks, tilt wheel. Black on - « n A A block, like new. J U S !................................................... 
*3888 
7 3 CUTLASS SUPREME Vjor *iar(*,op' 
*oaded‘ condition. *2688 

• 7 7 A I A C OS! 
A Door hardtop. Fully looded. AM-FM stereo, power windows & seats, < n n n . 
/ O U l l v J “ O cruise control, power door locks. JUST.................................................. 
2988 

* 7 Q f t P A N H D D I Y 
Fully loaded. AM-FM stereo 8 track, power windows, cruise , n f l n A 
/ A U K A iM U r K I A control, tilt wheel. White on white. JUST......................... 
’2888 
7 3 CATALINA 
4 Door hardtop. Fully looded, AM-EM stereo, like new. JUST 
’ I 888 

7 3 FIREBIRD ESPIRIT 
Dr,von only 36ooo mi,es;showroom ton; * 3 2 8 8 
*72 CUTLASS SUPREME jinor tlord,op’ 
*ooded- nfiven oniy 32,ooo miies.^ j gg 

71 GRAND PRIX Fully loaded. Sharpest in city. JUST 
............................ ‘ 1988 

7 5 CENTURY LANDAU LS iu’ M r 1’: "“M “ “ 
8 ‘3788 

7 5 GRAND LE MANS 
‘3888 

7 5 GRAND PRIX 
Fully loaded. Showroom condition. JUST................................. 
7 5 CUTLASS “S” 2 Ooor hardtop. Fully loaded. Driven only 22,ooo miles. JUST 
7 5 LTD 4 Door. Fully loaded. AM-FM stereo, cruise control. Sharpest in city JUST 
7 5 ELITE 2 Door hardtop. Fully looded. AM-FM stereo, power seats. JUSl.................... 
’75 GRANADA 
4 Door Fully loaded. Showroom condition, low mileage. JUST 
7 5 CAPRICE CLASSIC 
^ OOO* Hardtop, fully loaded, power windows, & seats, 

’75 MARK IV 

’75 PINTO SQUIRE 
“I" ‘2788 
7 6 GRAND PRIX 
Fully loaded, like new. JUST .... 
’4588 

’ 7 A T H T I A C C C I I P P F M F 
2 Ooor hard,°P fu,,V ,oad®d‘ Economy 26o V-8 
/ W V U I L M J J J v r n C I T iC engine. Driven only 14,ooo miles. Bucket seats. 
JUST................................................................. *4688 
7 6 MONTE CARLO Fully loaded, red/white lop, white interior. Perfect. JUST 
’4688 

* 7 7 D F I T A R f ) Y A ! F 
4 *)oor fudT foc>d«d AM-FM stereo, cruise control, tilt . . . . . 
^ 
8 M IC wheel 1-Month old, driven only 1,7oo miles. JUST 
5988 
73 FORD RANGER VS Ton pickup, like new. JUST 
............................*2588 
7 2 CHEVY SUBURBAN just........................................ *1888 
7 3 GMC SIERRA GRANDE Vt Ton pickup. Fully loaded. Red/white. JUST *2688 
7 4 GMC SIERRA 
Fully loaded, like new. JUST.... 
................................ *2988 

* 7 4 f Q p q 
S u p e rb . Vt Ton, radio, heater, power steering, power brakes, factory 
* 3 2 3 3 

* 7 C t * M 
/ 3 + 3 4 Door Sierra. Fully loaded. Dual tanks, cruise control. Oriven only 
/ j u 
W 
L 
19,ooo miles. JUST 
..................................................................................... 
*5388 
75 GMC HI-SIERRA 
VS Ton. Fully loaded. JUST.............................................. *3888 
7 7 GMC HI-SIERRA 
Fully loaded with sleeper. Driven 8,ooo miles. JUST 
‘6488 
• 4o MORE CARS TO CHOOSE FROM • 
Tindall and Son Pontiac—GMC 
39oo SAN PEDRO • 736-1565 
OPEN EVENINGS FOR YOUR CONVENIENCE 

 power door locks, AM-FM. like new. JUST 
Fully boded. AM-FM stereo tope, power windows 8 seats, power door locks, leather interior, moon roof. A bargain at JUST. 

*4288 
*3988 
*3688 
*3988 
*3488 

*3888 

*7888 

USED CARS 
EASTER 
SPECIALS 

 t i 

I ’ TO A l IXC M A D U E Cutlass, 2-door hardtop, meroon 
I / A U L U im U o llt with white vinyl top, white in- terior, automatic, radio, hooter and a ir.................... 2 4 9 5 
’ T*! m u r k l*Sabre, 2-door hardtop, automatic, radio, 
' J u U IV .ll Heater, air conditioned, real clean 
2 2 9 5 
I ’ T 9 D D l i T i t r Grcnd Prix, automatic, radio, heater, 
I / a r llN I I A V . on conditioned, bucket seats . . . 
* 2 4 9 5 
SYA fu p Y C IF B J°wne nnd C°unt,Y< radio, heater, l l k n n iJ L C K outomotic, power steering, power , 
. n e brakes, air conditioned, luggage rack...................... 
1 4 9 5 
IY C r IID VC I ED Newport, 2 door hardtop, automatic, 
I J v n lt D IC K ra(jjoj Heater, power steering, power brakes, air conditioned, like new....................... 
3 9 9 5 
I iY r f M D y t l t 
Cordoba, radio, heater, automatic, 
I 
W I K ! J K K power steering, power brakes, air, like new.............................................. I ..................... 
* 4 6 9 5 
11Ye ru D V C iC D New Yorker, 2door hordtop, fully 
I W CHRYSLER equipped, nonenker,...*3595 

’ 7 1 M E R C U R Y 4 door' radio‘ 
Neater, automatic, l l mCKV.UK 1 power steering, power brokes, air conditioned......................... 
. 
*1295 I 
1*75 fH R Y ^ I FR kewP°rt Custom, 
4-door hordtop, 
I l l V n K I jLC K outomatic, radio, heater, 
P®#e r s lA « r l steering, power brokes, air conditioned 
1 2 9 5 
I .Y A I r r j 4-door, radio, heater, automatic, power 
[ / J 
U steering, power brokes, air conditione d ^ ^ ^ 2 1 9S J 
O .R . MITCHELL 
Chrysler/Plymouth 
128oo Broadway 
822-33411 

737 FORD 

’73 TORINO WAGON 
Take over payments, no equity coil Credit Manager, 349-6948 
73 TORINO KGN $148o 
AIR, 
AUTO 
EXTRA 
CLEAN 
435-1641_________ ____________ _ 

3oo USED CARS IN STOCK 
WILL FINANCE 
With little cre dit or little down paym ent. 
M A R R IE D , 
DIVORCED OR SINGLE! Call 
Bob Puente, 222-8611, 222-1685 
YOU CAN DRIVE A 
77 THUNDERBIRD 
With low down payment, or trode with a monthly payment You Can 
Afford! 
Call: 
Jesus 
Zapata 
222-8611 
738 LINCOLN 

73TFoBD B 
M 
I 

■73 PINTO WCN $1495 
111 SQUIRE, air, clean 435 1641 

•73 PINTO 4-specd, 37,ooo mr. 
$125o, 494-5313 
1973 PINTO SQUIRE WAGON 
826-9565 695 8o56__________ 
’73 Pinto S-W, auto. air. fa ke over payments, assume balance. 1oo% financing. Call: Ernie 681-3871 

72 Pinto with ’74 motor, already fin an ce d . 
C all 
AR 
Cheek 
1-996-3611 after 6 
‘64 T-BIRD. Looks and'runs good. 
New tires. $795. 658-97oo. 

‘73 PINTO WAGON, 122 CID, 4 cyl. a ir, luggage ra ck, am -fm stereo. Good condition $1795. 
653 1565 eves 

75 T-Bird, Silver on Silver- lan­ dau roof, $17,5oo mi. $l,5Qo-eauity and assume loan. 828-6197, 9 to s 

7 4 T H U N D E R B I R D 
Take over ayments, no eauity, call Credit Manager, 349 6948 

■76 Thunderbird, Silver Luxurious 
Afternote, AM-FM Stereo, Asking 
47375, Must Sell. 684-1895._______ 
72 THUNDERBIRD fully loaded, moon root. 333-3o7?. 
_ _ _ _ _ 

1973 THUNDERBIRD 
AM-FM tape deck. 
Fully loaded ................................. $3789 
HEMPHILL MCCOMBS 
FORD SOUTHSIDE 
19o1 S.W. M ilitary 922-6317 
1976 TH U N D E R B IR D 
£ u llv loaded!! 87 -9565, 696-8o56 

69 C ontinental. E x tra clean. 
Loaded. $1495. 656-8748. 
CONTINENTAL 1972, 2-door. Dis tressing circum stances forces quick sale. Lynn Benn 222-o986 
74 LINCOLN 4-5oor Sedan 
$455o. all luxurious options, power train wararanty, 12 mo. or 12,ooo mi. 22+o651; eves, 344-o324 
'71 LINCOLN 4-door, loaded, ex- tra clean, owner. 534-8873 
74 LINCOLN MARK IV, loaded, extra clean, Owner, 534-8873 
’ 74 Lincoln M ark IV. White on white, black le a th e r in te rio r. 
653-o8o4 atter 5:3o p.m.________ 
•72 LIN CO LN Tow n C ar, fu ll 
Dower, must sell now Will help finance. Coll Woody, 433-1464 

LINCOLN TOWN CAR 1972. Full power. Must sell now! w ill help finance. Call: Woody 433 1464 
•71 MARK Iii. Fine car! Runs real good. Come drive. $265o. 824-8731. r 74 Mark IV, al! extras, 42,ooo mi. 
$6, SOO or hest offer 822-o31 
‘75 MARK IV, oil luxurious pomtments $795o. 923-7174_______ 
*74 Mark iv Block in te rio r! ex- ferior. Excellent cond., new tires 
824 -4 3 o o .________ 
'76 Mark iv , low mi, loaded ex-1 cept moon roof, $9,7oo 927-7o7o 
M ark IV, ‘73, M e ta llic green,' 
44,ooo mi. Clean, $3,8oo. 696-7476. 
74 Mark IV, 27,ooo miles. 828-63S51 after 7: 696-o3o3 i 
‘73 MARK IV* 
Real nice, loaded. H i-m ileage, 
344-1o76, 349-1o42 

It 

 m t K S i 

 msm 

J 
H 
I 
JM M k 
-> M IM mmmmmmmm 
NEW * BONVS A D S - 
- 2 l in e s 
TEXAS MXE SAVINGS... IO™* 
# 

NON COMMERCIAL! 
CANCELLABLE 
W ITHOUT 
RATE CHANGE 
2 2 5 - 1 o 6 o 
QUICK RESULTS! 

DOWNTOW N 

6 1 5 S. ST. M A R Y ’S 
2 2 7 - 1 311 
’7 5 MONTE CARLO Loaded *4 4 9 5 
*75 GRANADA.................. *3 1 9 5 
*73 PINTO 
7 * 1 8 9 5 
7 3 GALAXIE 
4 -d r .. 
*2 2 9 5 
*73 LTD 
2-dr. 
*2 2 9 5 
*73 CHEVROLET 
Caprice 
Convertible. 
*74 GREMLIN 
*3 1 9 5 
*1 99 5 
*74 PINTO 
W agon. 
*2 4 9 5 
7 4 CHEVROLET 
Im pala 2-dr. 
*3 1 9 5 
*75 PINTO ......................*2 5 9 5 
75 MALIBU 
Nice 
*3 2 9 5 
*74 F-25o 
4x4 Crew-Cab pick-up, air and pow er 
............. *5 2 9 5 
*75 THUNDERBIRD loaded *5 9 9 5 
'75 MAVERICK 
4-d o o r. 
'2 8 9 5 
7 6 CORDOBA 
2-dr. 
*5295i 
NORTHSIDE 

 l o o p 4 1 o a t M c C u llo u g h 
3 4 4 - 8 3 9 6 

*73 OLDS 
Station W agon, all pow er, a ir. . . . 
»73 CHRYSLER T°wn * Cou'’,^, w°8' 
75 MERCURY 

 on, 8-passenges 

Marquis 4 -d r 

*2 6 9 5 
*2 3 9 5 
*3 3 9 5 
75 VW RABBIT i.w miles 
2 7 9 5 
71 CHEVROLET 
Im pala Coupe. 
9 9 5 
75 PINTO 
Runabout. 
*2 6 9 5 

 rn mm rn P A B N ’/j ton Pick' uP' ,on9 & 
75 FORD w id e .............................. 
72 NOVA 
2 - d r . 
*3 3 9 5 
*1 2 9 5 
*67 FORD Fairlane, extra dean 
7 9 5 
'63 FALCON &oob mn., 
*1 2 9 5 
7 2 PONTIAC 
Grand 
Prix, loaded........... 
*2 4 9 5 
7 4 MAVERICK 4 -d r. 
*1 8 9 5 
7 4 PLYMOUTH 
Duster. 
*1 9 9 5 
73 SUBARU 
*1 7 9 5 
7 3 OLDS Toronada 
2 4 9 5 
SOUTHSIDE 

4 1 4 S .W . M IL IT A R Y DR. 
9 2 3 - 4 5 6 6 
*7o MAVERICK transportation cor . * 9 9 5 
*74 PONTIAC m?‘*2 9 9 5 
71 PINTO 2-door. 
8 9 5 
*72 CHEVROLET Vega, 2-door 
’71 PONTIAC 
*71 FORD 

7 9 5 

Grand Ville 
4-door. . . . 
*1 5 9 5 
Custom, 4-door, auto- matic, radio, heater. . 
8 9 5 
7 5 PINTO 
_Wagon 
*2 7 9 5 
7 4 PINTO 
3-door. 
*2 3 9 5 
>74 FIREBIRD Trans-Am........... 
- _____ i m 
Corolla, 2-door, 
’T I TOYOTA autom atic........... 
*4 2 9 5 

'73 COM ET 2-door. 
L 9 9 5 
*2 29 5 
.. 
. . M 
O i i n v 
Marquis, 4-door, 
75 MERCURY fu lly lo a d e d . . . 
_ __ ' 
_ _ — m 
4 -d o o r , a u to m a tic , 
*74 NOVA air, pow er, V -8 
Vt ton, 4 -speed, 
2 gas tanks 
._ 
*74 FORD 
*74 IMPALA 4 -d o o r. 

V -8 , 

*3 8 9 5 
*1 9 9 5 
*2 8 9 5 
*2 8 9 5 

Hi 

- 

“ Wow, Do We Have A Deal For You!” 

7 3 F H W H T 
739 MERCURY 
/39 MERCURY 
1974 Capri 2ooo. 28,ooo M i. 
4-Speed, a ir, A M -FM radio, deluxe interior, new tires, Drakes and muffler, excellent condition. 
$2,995,494-576o. 

‘74 Cougar XR7, brown, I owner, excellent cond. $325o. Call Sam 
736-7395 
74 COUGAR XR 7 $4ooo 
FULLY LOADED 532-6o96 
•62 Comet 6 cylinder. Economical. 
$115-674-377o 
•76 COMET 2-door, loaded. Take over payments, assume balance 
IOO % financing. 
Call: 
Ernie, 
681-3871 

•75 Cougar XR7, loaded. 4-channel stereo. $455o. 492-12)o 
74 COUGAR XR7, looded. Silver, red interior, 655-87o5 eves. 

73 COMET 43,ooo mi. auto. A-l condition $1895. 224-5869 

•71 Cougar XR-7. loaded, A1 cond., 5179o 341-7483. 

■•66 Comet, V-8. Needs body work. 
$225 653-5579 
'73 Mere Marquis $1795 
AIR, AUTO. VINYL TOP. SMALL 
DOWN! 435-164) 
I 
73 COUGAR $198o 
AUTO AIR, PERFECT 351 EN­ 
GINE BRAND NEW TIRES. A l 
THROUGHOUT 435-1641 

’76 COUGAR XR7 
Take over payments, no eauity, coll Credit Manager, 349-6948 

1967 Cougar 2-door New tires. 
75 Grand Marauis. Loaded Like pew. 26,ooo mi. $48oo. 684-8996 

71 Cougar, 351 engine, auto, runs good. $1495 674-5889 
Hertz Is Selling Quality 
Used Cars From Our Rental Fleet 
(1976 Used) 
1331 SOUTH TERMINAL 
For Information Call: 826-9665 

'7o Cougar, perfect, best over 
$1ooo, Kiel 222-8611 337-58o2 
68 COUGAR V8 
Auto, 5695. 648-17o8. 

7 5 COUGAR XR-7 

73o-743 AUTOMOBILES 

739 MERCURY 

•74 M ercury M onterrey 4-dr. 
Sedan Good cond 5245o. 655 8259 
‘75 Mercury Monarch Ghia Fully equipped Like new One owner 
Very low mileage ‘77 license. 
M W Will trode 773-2883_______ 
MERCURY MONTEGO MX 1471 
4-door. Only $99$ Will IWP fin- once. Coll Mono 433 1444 
■75 Monarch. Bronte metallic, white Landau top. Air, AM, cruise control. 641-478o. 
‘76 MONARCH, 4 door, cir, auto. 
V6, 7,ooo mi S45oo. firm. 653-o966 
*76 MONARCH 4 dr VB, air“ au'o, white with red interior, 6,ooo miles. $4495. 732-2954. 
■76 MONARCH 2 dr, VS, black, custom wheats, Michellns. am-tm cassette, CB, low miles. $46oo. 
684-5353. 
‘75 Montego Brougham. Loaded. 
Excellent condition. 349-7892 ofter 
6pm and weekends. 
•72 M ONTtG O MX Brougham, extra clean, all power, radials. 
Owner, 51895. 735-4125 eves 
Sacrifice due to divorce ‘76 
Cougar XR7, AM-EM stereo, air, 
54895 Call between 5 and 6 pm 
337-6o45. 

73o 743 - 6UTOMo8HES 
73o743 8UTOMOEIIES 

S a n A n to n io E X P R E 5 S -N E W S — S a tu rd a y A p ril 2 19 7 7 
P a g e 
7 -F 

738-743 ■ a lu m n u s 
738743 T O P jU S 
TRUCKS 6 CfWMERCIU' 74S - T M 
I C M f f i l U 

EASTER SALE' h n e w b 

'7 7 c % 
M f& te c 

74o OIOSMOBILE oHlasriTTrTleaitrToadedTSS?^ 
Coll: 673-4156. 
72 Cutloss 2 door hardtop, power, air, AM-FM stereo, I owner ex- cedent. 532-6113 otter 6:3opm. 
'75 Cutloss Salon vinyl top, am tm 

 i stereo, a ir, cruise, excellent 
, 54295, 349-3o45 offer 4pm. ______ 
I Cutlass $7 1975, 2 dr. Extra Clean, 
18X7oo mi. Coll 341-3485 
‘71 CUTLASS Supreme, auto! j power steering, no eaulty, take 
I over low payments, call Randy 
I 681-3492 
5895 

OFFER EXPIRES APRIL 11 
«• SOFT RAY GLASS 
• 3o1 V8 ENGINE 
• AUTOMATIC TRANSMISSION 
• FACTORY AIR CONDITIONING 
• RALLYE ll WHEELS 
• A M /EM STEREO 
• SPORT MIRRORS— REMOTE CONTROL 
• POWER STEERING AND BRAKES 
• WHITEWALL STEEL BELTED TIRES 
• CUSTOM BELTS 

REASONABLE 

74 CUTLASS SUPREME 2 dr. 
26,ooo mi., power, air, out tm, green and white, immaculate. 
656-4978. 

Total D e liv e ry Price plus ta x , title & license 
^SUPERIOR ft PONTIAC* 
7 1 1 B R O A D W A Y 
2 2 7 5 o 4 1 

75 CUTLASS SUPREME 
Excellent condition. 661-52o4 
‘73 Cutlass Supreme. 2-dr V8, au to., AM -FM stereo tapedeck, power, air. Vinyl top. mags. Low mileage, very good cond. 53195. 
826-3981. 

74S - TRUCKS 8 COMMERCIAL 
746 TRUCKS 8 COMMERCIAL 
746 TRUCKS I COMMERCIAL 
746 - TRUCKS I CMMMERCUtl 
IS. BUSES 

‘76 Cutloss Supreme. Excellent, looded, 
96oo ml. 
349-48o2; 
492-15o9. 
•72 CUTLASS SUPREME. Extra nice. Looded. <24-6956 

7 3 
CUTLASS 
Supreme 
S25oo 
Runs and looks very nice! 
828-6959 
CUTLASS 
SU PR E M E 
1976. 
Bucket seats. Must sell. Will help finance. Coli Greg, 433-1464 
75 Cutlass Supreme. 19,ooo mi. 
Silver, dark blue Landau. AM-FM stereo tape. 54o5o. 342-839o. 
'72 Cutlass, take over payments, no equity, 732-356o, 822-5o47 
‘69 Delta 88, 4-door, loaded, 43,ooo mi. Gold. 51,795 655-6635. 
’75 Delta 83 Royal 4 dr. sedan, loaded. 333-3o72. 

72 Olds M s s $188o 
2-DOOR 
H AR D TO P. V E R Y , 
VERY CLEAN. AIR, STEREO 
AND TAPE. 435-1641 

’74 OLDS Cutlass S 
Take over payments, no eaulty. 
CCU John sump. 349-6948 
76 OLDS Cutlass Supreme, load­ ed with velour interior, must sell now. Ken, 433-1464_____________ 
76 OLDS Cutlass Supreme, full power, must sell now, will help finonce. Colt Greg. 433-1464 
'73 OLDS CUTLASS Supreme 2-dr hardtop. l-owner. 
826-9565, 
696-8o56 
'73 OLDS Delta 88, 2-door hardtop, air, power. Vinyl top, extra good tires. Its in top condition. u n SAN PEDRO 227-7511, Jim 
1976 Olds Delta 88, Fully Loaded, 
655-29o5. 
‘71 Olds Delta ‘88‘, V-8. automatic, power, factory air. Exceptionally clean. ‘77 license. 51395 Will trade. 
923-2883 

SPRING TIME 
BONANZA SALE 
. FREE11 

FA ,. , 
WINNEBAGO CUSTOM 
FIBERGLASS CAMPER COVER 

S u p e r t o u g h , s u p e r g o o d l o o k i n g — r o c k s w o n t n i c k it, b r a n c h e s 

‘ w o n t s c r a t c h it; it n e v e r n e e d s w a x i n g o r p a i n t i n g . It m a k e s a 

 p i c k u p m u c h p i o r e t h a n a t r u c k . 
EDEEll 
I X E E • • 

75 Olds 4-door 98 Regency, auto, air, power steering, power brakes, vinyl top, AM-FM tope, cruise control, Dower windows, seats. 18,ooo miles. Immaculate condition $5995. Call: 
Manuel, 
341-9433 

’64 OLDS 88 
2 dr., power, air, good cond. $329. 
226-686o; 2o7 Lexington. 
■7o Olds 9 ET Loaded, excellent cond $8oo. 344-3133 oft 5.______ f 
‘75 Olds Regency 98 2 dr., loaded 
$435o. Coll: 494-2792. 
______ 

’72 OLDS 88 
Take over payments, no equity coll Credit Manager, 349-6948 
■76 Olds Toronodo. Fully looded! 
With astro root. ‘77 license. 
337-7764 atter 6____________ 
75 Starfire. Fully equipped. $25o under Book. 661-6378___________ 
‘75 Starfire. Loaded. $32oo or best 
Otter. 924-5951; 653-9246. 
Take over payments on ‘74 Cut­ loss Supreme. Call: 222-o986 ask for Dennis after 8:-Coll 656-4321 
•7o Vista Cruiser Wagon. Auto, air, owner. Good for second fami­ ly car. $795 223-6233 or 655-7992 otter 6pm or weekends_________ 

741 - PLYMOUTH_ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ 
•n^us^eTTinTT^r^ow eG Tir^ top, new tires. Excellent. $24oo. 
Aft 5 3o 6/4-7o66, Peewee. 
■74 Duster, extra clean, slant A auto, air $2,595 922-6681. 
•69 Fury III, auto, power steering brakes, clean, $495 826-7764 

72 Ptym Fury Iii $1o88 
AIR, AUTO Cl e a n . 4357641 
'68 Plymouth Convertible 
$9oo___________________ 924-3oo5 
74 P LYM O U TH 4-door, a ir, power. $1875-661-6498 

•73 PLYMOUTH DUSTER $1995.” 
_________ Coll 226-o29) 
■71 PLYMOUTH DUSTER 6 CVI 
Std, nice, $1o5o. 349-9235_______ _ 
73 PLYMOUTH Fury III, 4-door, 
VS, automatic, power, air. Cap­ tain blue, white vinyl top. A real sharp, new cor trade-in 
HU SAN PEDRQ227 7511, Isaac 
•7o Plymouth Fury loaded, will make good work car. $6oo or best otter. 675-2264. 

FARGO COLOR KEYED FIBERGLASS CAMPER 
( Y O U R C H O IC E ! 
Bonanza ’77 SPECIAL 

T 
O 
I 
WINNEBAGO 

LO N G W HEEL BASE FLEETSIDE 

★ 4 in stock at this price 
★ Deluxe tutone 
★ Folding seat bock 
★ Chrome front bumper 
★ Carpet 
★ Body side upper/lower molding 
★ Scottsdale equipment (Bonanza) dr Knit vinyl bench 

★ Tinted glass 
* All weather air conditioning ic Combined dome/cargo lamp dr Front stabilizer bar dr Heavy duty rear springs ic Vacuum power brokes ic 35o-4 BBL engine ic Turbo hydra transmission 

 ic Tilt steering wheel 
* Power steering 
Metal wheel covers 
* Electric clock 
* Windshield antenna 
* Chromed grille 
* 678x15 belted tires 

SALE PRICE *5764* 

•71 P LY M O U TH FU R Y $695 
CLEAN. RUNS GOOD! MUST 
SELL. 822-o141 
1974 PLYMOUTH GOLD DUS­ 
TER. Looded! .......................S2695 
TOM BENSON IMPORTS f 
96oo SAN PEDRO 
341-1356 
•73 PLYM O UTH C ran coupe, loaded. $139$. 9 5 % financing available 224-44)o ___________ 
•72 PLYMOUTH Satelite, loaded, clean, 
$1o95. 
95%tinoncing available. Call 224-441o 
______ 
•77 Plymouth Sport Fury, new, window sticker $64oo, must sell at 
$51oo. 349-8)41, 732-8723 after 6pm. 
•64 Plymouth V8. Auto., reoi good condition. $225. 922-8661. ______ 
•7o ROADRUNNER 
$55o. 674-7592. 
Roadrunner ‘69. Fast! $1195 or best offer. 735-9563; 735-73o4. 
•74 Satellite Custom 9 passenger wagon, fully equipped, excellent condition, $22oo. 433-4918. 
______ 
I 72 Satellite Wagon. 9 pass., air, 
I P°w>r•' outo 518oo- 653-6244. 
'7o Valiant 4 dr. slant 6, auto, must 
1 sell, $6oo. 432-871o eves._________ 
•77 Volare Station Wagon. Save on this new car 657-26o7 eves___ 

LIST PRICE $6536.25 
LESS BONANZA DISCOUNT $772.25 
'Prices of other trucks In stock, v a ry according to optional oauiomont. 
SHORT WHEEL BASE PICKUPS IN STOCK 
ANCIRA 
WINTON 

AT MARTAN 
4 3 ® 
^ 225-5333 

TRAILERS, BUSES 

7 3 CHEVY PICKUP $1975 
Loaded' 
Clean 
Runs good 
828-6959 
I ‘67 Chevy pu VS std Good run ping cond $3oo 922-8661 

Tum ults, H IBB 

•76 CHEVY SCOTSDALE IWO pickup, looded, like new, will trode, 226-8526 anytime. 
76 Chevy Silverado Suburban 
Qual air. 454, 15,ooo miles. $699$. 
1222 13o8, 122-1678. 
_____ 
•76 Chevy Silverado pickup, 
Loaded, 35o eng., V8, aide oval 
!tires, mags. Reasonably priced. 
1736 5o6o ofter 4:3o p.m. 
173 CHEVY 6, standard, new paint 
, $22oo Jim, 661-4511 
176 Chevy Suburban Silverado 
Excellent cond., fullv equipped. 
575oo 734-45o9 atter 6. 
, 
74 CHEVY SWB, stepside ton, 
35o VS- standard New MD ranch tires. 51,ooo mi. New cam per shelf. I owner. $35oo. 433-o771; 
432 6477 eves. 
•TO Chew 's ton, auto. air. power steering, power brakes. $149$. 
Coil: Manuel 341-9433___________ 
1975 CHEVY >j ton automatic jtransmission, air. Will help ftn- lance. Call: Greg 433 1464________ 

T I OMC l/j ton pickup, auto, air, power shell, excellent. $185o firm 
496-1*83. 
GOOD PICKUPS 
7$ Ford 11 T Long Wide ... $725o 
74 Ford V> T Long W.de ... $1795 
73 Ford 
T Stepside .........$1295 
74 Chew ’ i T Long Wide .$1595 
■73 Chew ’S T Stepsrde .... $1495 
72 Chevy ' j T Long Wide . $1195 
73 Dodge "» T Long Wide . $159$ 
68o3 South Flores _______ 

72 C HEVY 2 ton dump, brakes. $35oo 456-o527 a ir. 

 jChevy, 2 ton Flatbed 197o Good 
(condition, $18oo or best otter. 
11-379-979o after 5 p m___________ 
■7o CHEVY >3 ton CWB. Automa tic, good cond SHOO 695 9379. 

32’ GOOSENECK 
1974 Am fm Factory bu til. tandem axle, dual wheels, 14” rubber. 
325o 695-9218 
GRANDE FORD TRUCK SALES 
(HIO and W W. White Rood 
661-4121 
G R A VEL Dump T ra ile r, Hy droultc, 1o-12 yds., single axis. 
$1ooo Coll Robe, 534-6873. 
1967 international 16oo series I4; flatbed with 2ooo ib capacity Elec. lift tailgate $15oo 695 9218______ 
'65 International pickup, with lcam per shell and boat ra c k , 
I rebuilt dutch, transmission and brakes, rear mag wheels. $95o. 
69o-o727 
•71 international Travelail. 39$ 
V-8, Dower every thing. Auto, Air. 
$)^<» Tow package 826-15o7 
International ’73 ’ * ton LW B. 
4 SPO , $155o COM: 333-3764. 
___ 
7o International 5 ton, with lift. ‘73 
Chevy 41', Vons: 923-3573._______ 
International Trucks 
715 Sieves Ave._________534-5471 
69 internal ) Tractor with i i yd 
•73 Chew Vt ton pickup. 23,ooo m i., excellent condition 
By 
“I owner Must selh Best offer. Col - smgleoxle dump trailer. 435-9872 lect: 1-995-35/5 eves 
74 Chew 12 ion pickup LWB. 35o 
VS, low mileage. Below book. 
$385o. 484-3617_________________ 
73 CHEVY -U ton, V-8. $2,2oo Coll 
496-o594. 
_________ 

‘68 IN TX TRAVELALL, VS, OWtO. like new inside, $125o. 661-4511 
7o int. Trtrvetalt AM-FM radio. 
' tow ext* v package, stand., 34S eng., eel. cond S2195 684-8368 aft 5 

•73 Chevy »■> ton V-8, Std 
.. $2395 
25 More Pickups To Choose From 
Hild Auto Sales 36oo S.W. Military 
'69 Chevy Van, engine 73, 25o 4 cyl. Standard transmission. Fullv customed. $2,ooo 333-3o12._______ 

76 Jeep Cherokee! Chief 4o1 VO, 
4WO quodratrock, fully loaded 
434-6381 or 684-8o46.___________ _ 
1973 Jimmy 4 wheel drive, $37$o” 
494 15o8 

1974 CHEYENNE Super IO, load­ ed. low mi. Excellent condition. 
24-5695 
73 Cheyenne Super pickup. 4-whl drive, 35o VS, auto, a ir. Good cond 535oo. 1-538-39o5 
24' commerical trailer, windows, air, ideal for office, lob, display, rood peddler, etc. 
923-598o; 
532 7636. 
74 Couriers with air. Automatic. 
Can’t tell from a new one! Lynn 
Benn 222-o986 
________________ 
76 Datsun pickup, 8ooo mi, war- ranty, $3295 1-484-3728. Poth 
•7o Datsun truck. 16oo model. 
Standard. S33-5S57._____________ 
/? Dodo? pickup w ill compel knell. ’■* ton, 26,ooo mi. Auto., air, power, clean. 494-1349.__________ 
‘76 Dodge Sportsman 
74 Dodge Sportsman Maxi 
72 Dodge, air, auto 
826 9565 
695 8o56 

LARGE ASSORTMENT LATE 
MODEL HEAVY DUTY 
OIESEL TRUCK TRACTORS 

HOFFER TRUCK CO 
1 798 3254 
INTERNATIONAL TRUCK 
SALES AND SERVICE 
PO Box 4)1 Hotlettsville.Tx 
72 MAZDA PICKUP 
$15oo 
673-o618 
•74 Mazda Rotary Pickup blue ext., white int., 4 speed, 3o,ooo miles, radio, custom hitch, 2 snow tires. $25oo. Can 696-691} before $ pm, 696 1661 after 6. 
NEW and USED B um pervLight weight to heavy duty. For all sizes of pickup trucks 924-6551-2o2 New 
Lo redo Hwy.________________ 
OWNER OPERATORS 
3 axle tracto rs and fla t bad trailers for statewide hauling 
Plenty of freight, backhauls Full settlement weekly- Older trucks accepted 924-7273; 333-5894 

’76 R A NCH ERO GT 
972 DODGE ’< ton Long and Take oyer p o i n t s , no equity. wide. Must sell now’ WHI help finance Call: Dick 433-1464 
•72 DODGE % ton pickup, 6, 
Standard, must sell now Call 
Woody. 433-1*64 
______________ 
‘74 Dodge Von, LWB, good condi­ tion, $2,975 . 349-1855 
•7o DODGE Window Von, looks bod, runs excellent. $4oo. 695-329o 
74 ECONOLINE VAN. 6 Std. 
59,ooo mi Good condition 
7o5 S.ALAMO 
226 9144 

 call Credit Manager 349^948 
73 RANCHERO C T. F U L L Y 
LOADED! Coil Manuel, 341 943J 
I V / 5 Ranger X L I, 2o,ooo rn, looded. $4,395. 653-3221, 221-2624. 
Sacrifice, must sell 1976 Chevy % pickup, 
Scottsdale cam per special. Low mileage, can be seen 
Friday 8o62 Vantage Suite A. 
349 3141, Darryl. 

75 El Camino camper, mags, a1! power, S45oo. Call 653-86o2. 
'75 El Camino, 35o engine, auto. air, power, 23,5oo mi. One owner. 
Tires only have 13,ooo. $41oo. 
341-3761 
74 EL CAMINO 44,ooo miles, fully loaded $33oo. 661-3o$4,__________ 
•73 Ford Bronco Ranger. 4-whl drive, power, air, auto., AM-FM 
8 track Trailer hitrh, lug rack 5 wide frock tires. Never hunted or abused! $45oo 226-6221. 341 o374 

SAN ANTONIO TRUCKS 
SALES & SERVICE 
GMO, Oiamond-Reo, Peterbuift 
381o 1H-1o 
661-4511 
SCHOOL Highway Diesel Buses 
23o1 NOGALITOS_______ 334-671) 
76 SCOUT, 4 wheel dr.. VS, Air. tape, custom wheel. 684-131o 
Take aver payments on 74 Ford 
Pickup. Coll 222-o986 ask for Den­ nis after 8 -656-4321 
________ 
74 Ford 
Toke over payments 
F-1oo No equity. Call 
824 o918 
_______ 
. ask tor Fred, ofter 7: 922-7757 
74Ford Bronco"Excellent cond! 
Take over payments 76 Chevrolet lion. 828-6355 atter 7 696-o3o3 
I Custom Di-Luxe No eaulty Call 
824-o918 ask for Fred, atter 7: 
1922-77S7 
____ 
Take over pavmenK 72 Chevrolet 
,,, _— . _— j-------_------. 
_ . . . pickup. No equity. Call: 824-o918 
” f or* E x p ire r Truck, F 25o, jQsV for pretl Atter 7: 922-7757 
8.5oo miles, loaded, $15oo eauity j and assume loan 828-6197; 9 lo 5 

76 Ford E-15o Chateau Window 
Von Looded, 98oo miles. Asking 
$765o. 69o-9467. _______________ 

1975 FORD F-25o,Crew Cab 
4 wheel drive. 826-9565, 695 8o56 
1975 Ford F IOO Loaded. 15,ooo miles 826-9565, 695-8o56 

’74 FORD F-1oo Pickup 
Take up payments, no eaultv coil 
Credit Monoger, 349-6948________ 
74 Ford F IOO Ranger XLT % ton pickup, loaded, air, power steer­ ing, cam p e r cover, new steel belted radials, 2 saddle tanks, trailer hitch, extra clean. $395o firm. 635-8881 
_____ 
75 FORD F-1oo styteside LWB, 
VS, auto, power steering, very low mi. 
Excellent condition. $3795. 
344-7122 
•76 FORD F-15o, Super Cab, pick up, loaded, must sell now, Woody 
433-1464 
1973 FORD F-35o Van body, with overhead door. Will help finance. 
Call: Woody 433 1464 
1973 Ford, F3So. V-8, 4-speed, duol wheels, 
12' van body. 
$4,25o. 
922-26o5. 
‘73 FORD LWB, v8, standard, air, good gos mileage. $235o. 344-1o76; 
349-1o42 
75 Ford one ton pickup ...$2975 
'73 Ford V-8, auto, air .........$1875 
'69 Chevy V-8 stand air ... $1o75 
1228 New Laredo Hwy- 924-4879 
'76 FORD Pickup, ta k e up payments. Loaded, power, air. 
225-79o9 

Super Cab, loaded 225-79o9 
IV* TON '63 CHEVY VB Flatbed. 
136oo Babcock at Hausman Rd. 
1964 % Ton Ford Wrecker $1695 
Call 436-2876. 
•69 I ton step Van 
349-4879 
4 Ton Von, 12' body. Excellent 
Cond. 624-2487. 

4 TON VAN 
1964 Ford. 22,ooo actual miles. 
Runs excellent, like new! $365o cosh Atter 6: 624-2487 or 624-91o6 
74 TOYOTA long bed, auto. air 
Best otter. 654-4189 
____ 
VANS-Buy, Sell, Trade 
o831 S.FL O R ES 
923-4211 
6o s SWB Chevy 
Wanted: mid pickup, goad 
696-5o43. cond., standard, i 

WATER TRUCK 
1962 International 17oo series 2ooo gallon capacity $325o, also has spray bor. 695-9218. 
4 wheel dr, 75 Chev auto, power, air, otter 6 822-7761. 
'7o Wnite Cob Over, 25o Cum- minus with 
IO speed Rood 
Ronger, 1135 March, 923-7491. 

748 MOTORCYCLES SCOOTERS 

•67 Ford Pickup standard, radio, healer, with panel camper, extra clean $1o5o. 532-2o92 
73 Ford Pickup 6 standard, air, am-fm 8, 333 91o8 atter 4:3o. 
•57 FORD PICKUP 
923 6627 
'7o FORO PIC K U P 6 cyl std, 
LWB, good Shope, $1o95. 349-9235 
'66 Ford pickup. 3 sod , 39o rebuilt engine New Trail Ouster tires, rims. 822-7o54 
‘67 Ford pickup with camper shell. $1ooo Must sell! 623-5363; 
8511 standing Rock. 
_____ 
■64 FORD RANCHERO. VS 
Stand good cond 
86 61_ 
74 Ford Ranchero with Gem top. loaded. 15,5oo mites. Below book value. 341 4395 

742 - PONTIAC 
142 PONTO 

•75 Ford Ranger XLT Pickup. 
Fully looded. AM-FM. cruise con­ trol, $38oo 653-o749 661-4354 
•74 
FORD 
R AN G ER 
XLT 
Pickup%ton, (actory fiberglass cover, 46o VB, oil H D. troller pulling equipment Plus, brake controller. 
$3375. 
532-4156; 
656-o832 
'7o FORD RANGER 
’ ; ton Sharp 673-3974 
'71 Ford Ranger XLT Looded. 
LWB, 53195 firm. Clean. 434-5381 att. s. 
73 Ford Ronger XLT. LWB, au­ to . power, radio CB 39o, dor* brown. New tires. Atter 5 wkdays. anytime wkends; 455-5878 

743 • MISCELLANEOUS AUTOS 
•72 FORD 6 standard Red, excel lent. $155o coil Jim, 461-4511 

‘69~LaMans Custom S. fully equipped. Good condition 
$9oo 
734-638o 
71 LE MANS, air, $1195 95% fin oncng available ;?<-44lo 
76 LeMans Coupe 2-door. Load­ ed' 
Tape deck. 
Take over 
: payments, assume balance. 1oo% financing. Coll Ernie, 681-3871 
I 72 LEMANS Excellent condition. 
Must drive. 224-6956 

1975 PONTIAC LEMANS 
Sport Coupe. Autom atic, a ir, power steering, power brakes, 
AM radio. Silver with maroon vinyl roof ............................... $3989 
HEMPHILL MCCOMBS 
FORD SOUTHSIDE 
19o1 S.W. Military 922-6317 
71 Pontiac LeMans. Original owner. $165o. 656-o918 atter 5:3o 

> 742-PONTIAC 
7o Catalina, perfect, best over 
$9oo. Kiel 222-8411 337-58o2_______ 

69 Pontiac. New tires. $45o. Call: 
1661-6654. 
_______________ 

71 FIREBIRD 
$1775 226-o291 

735-3927 

75 Marauis 4 dr, auto, air, power, 
AM -FM , 2 new tire s, $41oo. 
222-98o7, 436-2713. 
___ 

7 5 FIREBIRD FORMULA 
Excellent condition. Must see to appreciate. 
Loaded. 
$479$. 
6S2-3712 before 4 p.m. or 658-5658 atter 4. uO Firebird F-4oo. Power steer­ ing and brakes, disc brakes, 
4-spd, chrome reverse wheels, vinyl top, $13oo. DICK before S 
225-1631 ext 286 ofter 5 349-4739 
75 Grond Prix LJ. fully loaded. 
$54oo 684-3293 eves 
_ _ _ _ _ 

61 Pontiac, all power, runs good. needs point. $25o. 434-3459 
_______________________________ 
•64 PONTIAC BONNEVILLE 
--------------- *211211--------------------- I *73 PONTIAC Sport LeM ans 
77 Pontiac Bonneville Brougham, coupe, VS, automatic, on floor 
Paid $85oo, has under 5,ooo miles, with console, power, air, am-tm 
Any reasonable otter under $8ooo. stereo. Light blue m elanic, 
1-899-2o65. 
...................................... 
•73 Pontiac Bonneville, 35,ooo miles, air, radio, $2ooo, 924-9316 atter 6pm. 
_______ 
•72 PONTIAC Catalina 4 door hardtop, Like new before damage to right rear door and quarter panel. Will sell as Is or bv piece. 
347-4349 or nights 347-6742. 

72 GRAND PRIX nice, new radial tires, $18oo. 653-6815. 
_____ _ 

72 PONTIAC Catalina 4 door hardtop, Like new before damage to right rear door and quarter panel. Will sell as is or by piece. 
347-6349 or nights 347-6742. 

'73 Grand Prix power and air, electric sunroof, cassette tape player, steel belted radial tires, 

I excellent condition. First $28oo buys. 532-4564 or 656-8o8o. 
____ 

69 Pontiac Catalina Stand , on, power steering. 64,ooo miles. 
AM-FM. Excellent condition. $75o. 
655 o465. 

M ercury ‘75 Bobcat Wagon. 
Loaded, good cond. Small equity, lake over payments 684-8133. 
72 MERCURY COMET GT, oulo. air, will help finance, call Mario. 
433-1464 
MERCURY COMET GT 1972. Au­ tomatic, air. Will help finance. 
Call Mario 433 1464 

76 GRAND PRIX. Real bargain) 
$48oo 333-2518 
GRAND PRIX S 1973 and 19/1 
Extra clean Come in and make on otter. Coll: Woody 433-1464 
•77 GRAN PRIX SJ 
Immaculate, getting married, tilt wheel, am-tm, air, power steer- ing. 924-1612 eves, weekends 
•75 M ercury G ran M arquis. 
White, loaded, excellent condition. 
$5ooo. 434-o611; after 5: Mickey 
Smith, 654-1274. 

73 Gron Prix SJ. Power, AM-FM 
8 frock, air, $25oo. 824 13o8. 

•7o M ER C U R Y 
M ontego. 6 cylinder standard, good gas mileage. $795. 648-424o. 

‘71 GTO. Air, auto., 4oo cu.”, low mileage. Best otter. 69o-o295, 
•7o GTO. Some body, eng. work. 
Rebuilt eng., 4-spd. Hurst. Good 
-tires, wide. S6oo. firm. 657-1493 

7 3 PONTIAC M o o r SI 5oo 
LO ADED* 
E X C E L L E N T 
THROUGHOUT 435-1641________ 
197o Pontiac Executive 65,ooo miles. Cleon. 699-o257 otter 6 
•7o Pontiac Gran Prix, well cared for. Clean. Make otter. 341 5734. 

 matching vinyl top. Must see and drive. lilt SAN PEDRO 227-7511, Jim 

SOME REPOSSESSIONS 
AVAILABLE 
BAHK RATE F IN A N C IN G , 
SUPERIOR PONTIAC 
92o BROADWAY 
227-5o41 i 
•76 Storfire GT. 18,ooo mi. $4,ooo or $7$o-fake up paym ents. > 
342-6158 or 341-6461______________ j 
1 66 Tempest 6 cyl 4 dr power, air, < 
42,644 mi. $1695. 494-2422.________ 
'7o Tempest. 2-dr hardtop, VS, auto , power steering, factory air, 

743 MISCELLANEOUS AUTOS 

8 v & % 
ANNUAL rtSCINTAas RATS 
NEW CAR 
LOAN SALE 
Citizens 
National BankO 
One of tile FrostBank 
Corporation family of banks Fredericksburg 
Rd. at NW Loop 41o, 
P.O Box 29oo9, San 
Antonio, Texas 78229. 
Phone (6112) 344-o141 
Member FDIC 

197o Blazer 4X4. looded 
$2795 
■73 Jimmy 4X4 looded 
.$349$ 
•74 C h e v r o l e t '? ton 4X4 
$3595 
I 72 Scout 4X4 sharp! 
.......... $2795 
Ford 
4X4 ................$5995 ■ ■ ■ ■ ■ ■ ■ ■ ■ ■ ■ ■ ■ I 
Hild Auto Sales-36oo S.W. Military i •/! FORD % ton Pickup. v8, auto, 
Bronco 1967 pickup cob. Looks 
3<m, 661-4511__________ and runs new1 See and compare 
Lynn Benn 222 o984 

1976 FORD SUPER CAB F-15o 
Full power. Will help finance 
Call: Woody 433 1464 

Ford ‘69 % ton pickup. 46o, auto. 
S119S. 735-538o_________________ 
71 BRONCO VB. Towner, nice condition. 8)8-1975 
Bus 5o passenger. Good motor, body, and new tires. 
$225o. 
,624-2739 

'7o Ford '* ton pickup. New en- gine, new tires. $85o 654-452o 

CENTURY WRECKER SALES 
, Distributors Century Wreckers 
16o3 NO ALAMO_______225-6)46 
'69 Chevrolet pickup % ton, IO’ jtt. cab over Needs minor repair. 
Best otter. Must see yourself 
341-3761 
64 Chevrolet 72 pass. $15oo. '6t 
OMC V6 72 pass. $13oo. 433-o971, 
! 499-o349. 
'73 Chevrolet pickup. ’* ton, long wide. 826-956$, 695-8o56 

1974 FORD ’ * TON 
Pickup. 
V-8, standard, air conditioned 
$289$ 
TOM BENSON IMPORTS 
96oo SAN PEDRO______ 341-1354 
•74 Ford % ton Ranger XLT 
Many extras, factory Camper cover. Beautiful truck! Priced to sell. 
$295o. 
Call. 
656-o832 or 
532-4156 
7o FORD %ton 4 speed VE. blue 
$28oo 6 6 1 -4 5 1 )______________ 

746-TRUCKS I COMMERCIAL 
TRAILERS. BUSES 
I 
ALAMO WHITE TRUCKS 
816 PROBANDT 
224-2131 

ARMY TRUCKS 
24 Volt Specialists 
Brouboch Equipment, 736-1659 
BEDELL TRAILER BODYS 
Direct From Manufacturer 
Flatbeds, Stakes, Vans 
15)o SO. Flores 226-6318 
•74 BLAZER, Cheyenne package, 
4 wheel dr. looded 824-2676 eves 
72 Blazer Cheyenne Pkg. 2-whl drive, extras 732 4833 eves. 

75 Ford % ion. 4-speed, loaded, good cond. $3695. 684-856o 

73 Chevrolet 4x4 with 22' flatbed troller, will not seporolt 732 S645. 

72 Chev (2 ton) cab chassis $2695 
69 Ford 2’ v T, flatbed .........$2495 
174 Ford I ton flatbed .......... $3595 
Hild Auto Soles-36oo S.W. Military 
! 54 CHEVY BUS. Motor and body in goad condition. Seats 32. $653. or moue otter 826-5178; 224-1481 

73 Ford ’•* ton, utility bed, 3o2 engine. 4-speed trons. ideal for plumber or electrician. 
$145o 
! 734 7969 
•71 Ford 1 j ton, 4-wheel drive 39o, 
VS. Air 4o gal. aux. tank in bed 
$225o 623-3932__________ _ 

C 
Cfr 
JOE 
HARRISON 
HONDA 

APRIL 1-2 
REGISTER 
FOR f mm mm HONDA 
# # EXPRESS 
(Drawing to Ila hold 
April 2nd, S p.m.) 

EXTRA SPECIAL 
GRAND OM NINO 
PRICES ON ALL 
HONDA'S 
IN STOCK 

(During 2-day 
Grand Opening) 

DOU! MISS 
OUR BIG mw 
ACCESSORY SUPERMARKET 
JOE HARRISON 
HONDA, 

C O M IC , S T R O N G i 
971o IH35 North 
I m d* north o f Windsor Fork 
656-94oo 

•68 CHEVY DUMP Truck $1,ooo down, w ill help finance the balance, colt Dick, 433 ) 444 
I 
76 CHEVY EL CAMINO 
16,ooo actual mi. auto, air. power i windows, tilt wheel cruise, swing out seats. Looks like new. $495o. 
I i j '64 Chevy El Comino Stdi i$3 VS, air 656 23o7 
I '72 CHEVY Fenderside, 3-speed, 

•61 FORD VAN 
6 cyl. standard, $4oo 922-8641 
1976 Ford 15o von, tullv person­ alized custom, interior exterior, 
AM-Fm , power steering, brakes, auto, 5 matched wheels and tires. 
HO Volt hookup. Much more. 
$6,9oo. 69o 8694. 
1973 FORD XLT Ronger % ton, 
67,ooo mi. $25oo 224-8694 
Ford 1974 XLT % ton pickup 
• Looded. Excellent condition. Must 
! sell $379 5 534-1114 
_________ _ 

73 PONTIAC LE MANS 
3-speed.standard, $1995. 226-o291 
74 PONTIAC LEMANS Needs repairs. $2ooo. Coll: 344-5746 

TRADEWINDS Auto Sales 
•WE FINANCE* 
3oo3 SW MILITARY 
92? 27o3 

72 Pontiac LeMans. 2-dr. hard- top. Very m«!i $175o. 455-8259. 

TH I N U M B tR TO C A U 
15 225-16o6 tX P B tS S A N D N tW fr 

744-CUSTOMIZED CARS, 
SPEED RACING CARS 
72 Nova Race Car. Complete, less motor. 733-9171, 432-3215. 

73 Blazer loaded, call 4pm 7pm standard 515oo Jim. 661-4511 
_________ 172 Chevy LB Von. AM FM, Cus- 
Excellent ,om interior. Air, new tires, good cond. $32oo 671-4o76 ___________ 
68 CHEVY Pickup, auto, runs good Clean, owner. $34-8873 
•62 CHEVY PICKUP. $395 Runs good, 95% financing available 
236-4418 

484-6629.___________ j‘73 Blazer. Loaded condition. $44oo. 661-2584________ 
75 B lazer, loaded. Cheyenne 
(package, mag wheels, big tires, 
' $32-7826 

For Sale or Trade: SS Ford ’ * ton. $21oo invested. 6S4-1757 otter 
4 
•75 F-15o Super Cob Ranger, auto a ir, powei steering, power brakes. 21,ooo miles. $4895. Call. 
Manuel 341-9433 

O N A W A N T AO 
IMI NUMBtR TO CAU 
15 225-1666 
IXPB4S5 AND NtW5 

77 GMC I ton, dual wheel pickup. 
Stilt In Warranty $65oo. call J un, 
661-4511 
____________ 

72 Chevy Pickup LWB, air, power 
Steering, auto $1775. 658-o1o5. 

77 GMC I ton, duol wheel pickup 
Still in Warranty $65oo. call Jim, 
*61-4511 
_ _ _ 

BMW occessones-Wixom bags, box, luggage rock. $3)o 922-6)81. 
BR ANO NEW! i$o street bike, 
Y omaha for $698, 658-4162 
Ducat! 4site Top running condi­ tion. Must sell! $475. 342-3752. 
75 HARLEY DAVIDSON 125 CC 
6oo miles, dirt and street. 
______ 423-5288 otter 5 pm 
1973 Honda 75o and 1974 Yamaha 
5oo. Both with w>ndshield,luggage racks 342 7215.____________________ 
75 HONDA CB7iO. clean $<495. will trode, 458-6162_________ 
HONDA CB 75o, 1974. Clean $fj95~ will trade. 458-6162 
•74 Honda CB 75o. less titan 8,6feo mac. excellent condition, mony extros. 674-853o, 674-6877, 
'75 h6 n OA C64oo 4 Super Sobrt, excellent cond, $75o. 674-8679. 
TW ACTION NUMMB 
(OR (AST RI sui TS 

 p l a c i roue w a n t ad 
IN TNI EXPR(SS NEWS 
CAU 22S-1666 

San Antonio E X P R E S S -N E W S — 
S a tu rd a y A p ril 2 1 9 7 7 
'8o1 CAMPERS TRAILERS 

748 MOTORCYCLES SCOOTERS 
; 748 MOTORCYCLES SCOOTERS 
| 754 T1RES P4RTS TCCESSo8TES 

N N N N B B B B 
'7* Yam aha tx s o o 2, Mio actual 
® L E 
*or 
^ 
* miles Excellent coria 655 I OM ports. 822-o729 . 655-7945 aff 7pm. 
JO E H A R R IS O N H O N D A 
75 Yam aha YZ-2SOB. $475. Call: i9 Chevy Novo carts. All in flood 
I H I ) l i n u m 
< m . 
658-1612 or 658-9736. condition, r n o482__________________ 
HAN MllVrll III 
Complete 44o and acce sso rie s; 
* " I ? " “ I . J 
™ 
758' W W T M T o S , TRUCKS, 
£ 
£ r ono 454 

C U M M IN S G M C O IE S E L 
Rebuilt cylin d e r heads, cra n k sh afts R ebuilt P e rk in s engine 
6-434. 734-6455; 681-o794 
“ O R IV E IN -TRUCK S A L V A G E 
P IC K U P T R U C K P A R T S 
2o2 Laredo Hwy 924 6551 924-6552 

TRAVELTOWN 
TEXAS, INC 
SAN ANTONIO’S LARGEST 
TRAVEL TRAILER DEALER 
* Over IOO Units in Stack 

AUTHORIZED SAUS FOR; 

HOLIDAY 
RAMBLER, 
PROWLER. 
PLAY-MOR, STARCRAFT, HOLIDAY, 
DIAMOND, JAMBOREE 
MiNI-HOMES 

96oOIH35N. 
653 6711 
Across from Howard Johnson's 
9 'HI dark, men.-fri. 
9-6 p.m. Sat, 1-S Sundays 

XC RENTALS 
• TWIN GitONIMO. JFP 
• bt ILA NC A VIKING. IFS 
• CARDINAL KG, IFS 
• HAWK XR, 1FR 
• CK THA WK n, IFK 
VIKING A CARDINAL RO 
Autopilot equipped All 
Singlas-Cunwmt Models 
M U RK AIRMOTIVE 
ROOSEVELT at 99th 
922-2747 924-7375 
San Antonio, Texas 

Buy Junk Cars lron Etc 
Aarco »27 3211-433-2o3o 

CALL ME FIRST 
3o2 F o rd engine, h igh p e rfo r­ m ance cam , sc re w -in ro c k e r stu d s, c ra n e s p r in g s an d re- toiners, $16o. 533 15o3, 341 23o3. 

Lost titles no problem 
TO P CASH for junk C ars 
_______ 923-4422____________ 
Cash for clean cars and trucks. 
Larry Cannon Auto Sales 
563o San Pedro 
828-6355 
GOOD TIMES VANS 
★ FORD ★ CHEVY ★ DODGE 
AUTHORIZED DISTRIBUTOR 

1976 58 BARO N 19o Hrs TT Full 
IP R C o llin s M ic ro lin e ra d io s 
Century IV autopilot with flight director. Club sealing with King 
Air Fabrics. Alum igrio paint. 3 bladed props. Other options too numerous to list Absolutely like new. W a rra n tie s re m a in in g . 
$155,ooo. We will lease back. Call 
Jock 
Heim or 
M ike 
Burris. 
512-o24-7557 

Overhauled Dodge Plymouth 273 engine, complete, SISO. 289 3o2 
F ord heads, $3o or, com plete 
O v e rh au le d P ly m o u th auto trans., 57$. 351 C-Ford heads, $7$ pr. complete. 337 4o59_______ 
428 Pontiac heads $2o each. 4$9 
F ord heads $2o each, 4-speed tran sm issio n Be ll h ou sin g fly ­ wheel for 
429 
Ford engine. 
$15o-674-1541 

For F A ST C A SH will buy your 
Cor, vans, or Trucks. Running or not 922 8661.______________ _ 

ROYALS 
IN U R N A D O N A I 
TRAILERS 
SOUTH TEXAS 
TRAILERS & SUPPLY 
INC. k your Authorized Dealer for this line Indiana built trai­ ler. 
COME SEE US TODAY! 
U21oIH 35 N. 653-4161 

For wrecked cart and Trucks 
A i AUTO P A R T S 
222 IQ11 
S E L L IN G y o u r c a r ? 
H i-p n te s paid for clean cars- 
Trucks, etc. 222-1342 

F o r Safe: New D e m o n stra to r 
C e ssn a H aw k X -T ll, 195 hp, 
I P R., dual, nav-com. G.S., auto­ pilot, ground service plugs, a r ­ ticulating pilot seat, rear seat vents, tinted gloss. Haskett Flying 
Servie, 1-278-5522, Garner Field, 
PO Box 1515, Uvalde, Tx, 788o1 
Hang Glider. T i ft!, Rogalto, stan­ dard. $25o 342-728o atter 5. 
L ic e n se d a ir c r a ft m e c h a n ic wanted. Light aircraft experience required. 
Confact 
M r 
Crosby. 
433-7751. 

K l £ 
Instant 1 o o % Financing 
Is Available 

 i i t o s s ? - 
3-Yeor 5o,ooo mi. a 
Warranty 

17 to 21 Miles Per 
Gallon 

A Big Classy Vehicle For Work, 

Play h o v e l A G;“ at Times. Both on & off The Rood1 

H r * 7 
7 
G O O D T I M f c S V A N 
-------------------------- 

You Can Buy These Good Times Vans For As Low As $6986.42 
Or Only $154.oo Mo. W I2 o % Dow n 48 M o . on A.P.R. 13.51 
1o1o SAN PEDRO 
ACROSS FROM HEMPHILL 
, - V ? 
1 v 
MCCOMBS FORD 

Set of IS1 Corvette Rally wheels. 
$12$. Colt: 494-7434. 
Transmission for Mustang, VS. 3 spd, with shiner $45. 696-7476 
Wanted rear differential for *67 
Internat'l Scout 4 wheel drive, must be in good cond. 824-9855. 
W A N T E D : I Set 14” Chevrolet 
Roily Wheels. 828 o212__________ 

TOP D O L L A R ! 
JU N K C A R S, T R U C K S , SC R A P . 
CALL.: 342-51o1.___________ ______ 

Will trade a truck size power lift gate for a pickup power lift gate. 
434-o681 
_____ 
223 4283 
1221 BR O A D W A Y 
76 Suzuki GT-55o. excellent cond. 
513oo. 657-2127 
___ 
'74 Hondo 55o Saddle bags, fair- mg. 59oQ. ofter 5, 675-o538_______ 
7V kfonca SL-1 OO Good condition 
$176.6811628 
______________ 

W onted: equippe d p lu m b in g truck in good condition. 826-2331 
W E B U Y U S E D C A R S 
O R S IN G E R B U IC K CO 
4S15 SAN P E D R O 
734-4221 

•75 M A U LE , 21o-C. 4oo TT, excel- lent cond 512-822-3o91 
197o Mooney R anger, IP R with dual N a v -C o m , O M E , X P O R , 
3LMB, EGT. See Sat and Sun. Coll 
673-312o. 

'> 4 'im ? t R E A W 29’ 
Fully loaded. All options 
Will Consider trade in 
SOUTH T E X A S Trailer & Supply 
1121o IH35N 
653-4161 

758 AIRCRAFT services, supplies 

A I R C R A F T S T O R A G E 
New Braunfels Municipal Airport, 
______ 658-o22o 
____ 

•7S Suzuki GT55o, windjammer, 3 fairings, sissy bar with pad. SHOO. 
623-53o7, must sell 
_______ 
1972 Honda 35o SL. 9,ooo mites, e x c e lle n t co nd. 675-o558 or 
674-3246 anytime.______________ 
197o Suzuki 5oo. Looks good, runs good. 5395. 734-378o.___________ 
W E W ANT TO BU Y 
GOO D Clean Cars-Trucks 
Coil 924-6671______ 
•66 A IR S T R E A M 24’ 
T R A V E L E R S W O R LD INC. 
2617 R O O S E V E L T 
532-6o61 
O -SM O H C-65. 59oo, E xc e lle n t mid-time C 85-12F 
$14oo Both complete, all acce ssorie s. C o n ­ sider trade for o32o or 3o6o. Call: 
658-92o7 or 651-6142. 

’74 Honda 75o W indjam m er til. n eon q u o s $1525 734-2833. 
Honda 25o XL. Excellent cond” lion $499. Call: 492-121o 
T riu m p h or H a rle y D a v id so n 
Choppers in good cond 534 8247. 
72 V o m ah a 125cc Enduro. ‘64 
Yam aha 
3o5cc 
Scrambler. 
681-2119.___ 
___________ 

754 -TlRES-parts accessaries 
A LA M O F L Y E R S , INC 
-Y O U R P I P E R D E A L E R ” 
8411 M ISSIO N R D 
922-1228 
CENTER 

•67 C ad illac parts. All in good condition. 695-848o, 9 to 5.______ 
1957 Skyhawk. 1956 Apache, IP R 
1974 Arrow, IF R 512-822-3o91. 
JOE H A R R IS O N H O N D A 
. 
Sales-Service-Parts 
971o 1H-35 NO. 
656 94oo 
■72 KowasakTTTat Track Racer. 
Running condition. 513o or best 
Offer. 658-6666. 

1957 C E SSN A 182, TTA 3597, 1ooo 
SM O H, 75 ST O P on 2 cylinders 
A-2oo N A V C O M , AT5o tra- sponder, Nov. annual, $1o,5oo. 
H arlingen, Tx. 512-423-5o61 or 
52-546-2136 after SPM. 

Car Parts for Sale Nova W agon 
64 6 cyt. Coll David 735-57o1 
27’ R E A R BATH 
27' C E N T E R BATH 
3o' Center bath, rear lounge 
3o’ Center both rear sofa 
3o' Center bath 7 sleeper 
3o' R E A R BATH 
3o’ Rear bath fixed dinette 
32’ R E A R BATH 
Also One N IC E Used 29- 
Harper Motor Co Camperiand 
24o1 S.W. M ilitary-924-5514 
Hrs: Mon-Fri. 9-6, Sun. 1:3o-6: 

O-SM OH C 65. $9oo. E x c e lle n t mid-time C-85-12F. $14oo. Both com plete, ail a c c e s s o r ie s . 
Consider trode for o32o or o36o. 
Coil: 658-92o7 or 651-6142. 

•74 Y A M A H A 25o Enduro, 6,ooo m i, excellent $55o 648-o5o2 
C E N T R A L T I R E CO 
7o5 N F L O R E S 
224-54 
1975 Y A M A H A 125. $375. 923-5144 or 341-542o after 5pm. 

'76 Travel Trailer. 14’, like new 
Used only 8 times. $175o. 221-233o; 
828-3874 after 5. 
TINDALL and SON 
PONTIAC-OMC, INC. 
Authorized Dealer far... 
• EXECUTIVE • 
• ITASCA • 
• EXPLORER • 
MOTOR HOMES 
Plus a full line of used AV. vehicles 
46oo SAN PEDRO 
736-1561 ar 736-1568 on Sotgrdoyil 

A R IST O C R A T Travel Trailers 
The choice of the Quality buyer 
R A H M B E R G RV C E N T E R 
2271 A U ST IN HWY. 
655-o251 
2171 Austin Hwy 
U SED C A B O V E R C A M P E R 
’72 O P E N R O A D l W , air, jacks, self contained ........................ 
Harper Motor Co Camperiand 
24o1 S.W. Military 
924-5514 
U SED -N EW T E N T C A M P E R S 
$396. Up K C. T R A I L E R S 
71o W E S T AVE._______ 735-2931 

o QUALITY ITEMS 
o DISCOUNT P R I M 
o LO W CLASSIFIED KATES 

R A H M B E R G RV C E N T E R 
Exclusive dealer for 
V E N T U R E Tent Camper by Starcratt 
“Little Castle On W heels" 
2271 A U ST IN HW Y 
655-o 
Travel Troifers-Motor Homes 
ROADRUNNER 
TRAVEL TRAILER 
SALES 
HI-LO TRAVEL 
TRAILERS 

SPROUTER TRAILERS 
493o RIGSBY 648-oo6o 

GET THERE FIRSTI 
R O A D R U N N E R T R A V E L 
T R A IL E R S A L E S 
493o R IG S B Y ______ 
648-oo6o 
2617 R O O S E V E L T 
532-6o61 
B O X X IN Cam per, $2ob. Needs repair 337-3942.________________ 
(3) Used PO P UP T R A IL E R S 
Harper Motor Co Camperiand 
24o1 S.W. Military 924-5514 
U SE D 29’-5TH W H E E L 
Harper Motor Co Camperiand 
24o1 S.W Military 
924-5514 

•71 R O Y A L C O A C H M E N 26' 
Air, spare tire, wheel, perfect condition. Will Warranty. 
SOUTH T E X A S Trailers & Supply 
1121o IH35N____________ 653-4161 

G A R A G E SA L E : Antiques, pump organ, dinette, decorator items, books, clothing, toys, fabric 625 
Strings (Harm ony Hills area) 

Royal Portable typewriter with carryin g case. Excellent condi- lion. $75 658-2811 
____________ _ 

Guitar, Gibson Lee Paul deluxe, gold top model. $375. 923-2368. 
Cabover camper, sleeps 5, like new, self-contained. Best Offer. 
923-26o8 after 5 or all wkend. 
Hamm ond A-1oo with 147 Leslie with Bench. Same Keyboard and 
Amp. as B J Must Sell $1,895 or 
Reasonable 
Offer. 
684-2745 anytime._______________________ 

R U G E R Black Hawk, 3o Cal. with case. Call 696-2351.____________ 
•75 C ab-over cam per, se lf-co n­ tained with lacks. Sleeps 6. After 6 weekdays 554 Carroll 922-2o16 
G ara ge Sale April I, 2, 3. new- used item s. M u st be sold this week! 4834 Hershey (Dellcrest) 

G A R A G E S A L E 4 FA M IL I E ~ 
Furniture, Clothing, M IS C . 5938 
Prentiss. ApriL 1-6. 8am-7pm 
G A R A G E SA L E , 3 families. Misc galore. 45o7 Shavano Woods (off 
D a z a v a ia 
R d in 
W o o d s of 
Shavano). 
Sat-Sun, 
April 
2-3 
O N LY! 

C o ntin en tal T r a ifw a v s m otor home, 37 ft, self-contained, very reasonable. 828-1559. 

S a n su i Q uad Q RX45oQ 28oW 
Receiver 4 sansui SOW speakers, turntable akai 18ooD SS, R -R -8 track, norman acoustical equal. 
433-3574. 

Cabover Camper. Self-contained, jacks. 
Minor repair. 
$5oo. 
648 3525. 
Hand carved Spanish sofa and chair, gold upholstery. 2 wood and slate lunch tables wrought iron kit. Dinette with 4 upholstered chairs. 661-2332 654-624/ 

•74 Dodge Ramcharger, 4 WD, 318 
VS, A-C, Power, Low Milage, Ex- cellent Condition, 545oo. 653-4443. 
Cabover cam per for short bed pickup, sleeps 4. 733-115o._______ 
Sears self-propelled lawn mower, 
21 in. good cond. $75. 655-o688. 
'74 D odge S w in g e r 3o’ M o to r 
Hom e. M u st se ll b e c a u se of 
Divorce. 1-876 S962; 1-876-52o8 
Camper, 8’, equipped Alaskan, 
A l, 653-8 1 58 after 4. 
H e rc u io n sofa with m a tc h in g iaveseats, good condition, both 
$125; chest of draw ers $4o; re­ cliner chair $25; several loungers at reasonable prices. 734-o934. 

Selling Out! Self w atering ce r­ amic planter, v» off, 5o23 Prince 
V a l i a n t . ___________________ 

21 ft. Wigwam tandem axle, many extras, immaculate condition, see to appreciate $315o. 922-8587. 
C A M P E R S P E C IA L ! 72 Luv with 
Cam p e r. A ir, a u x ilia r y tan k. 
51795. Eves: 349-2o44.___________ 

27' Dodge Travco, new engine, furniture, $8,95o. Eves, 349-1855. 
Selling Out; Riding Mower, China 
Cabinet, B ra ss C ash Registe r, 
Record Player and other items. 
534-2363. 
________ 

G a ra g e Sale: furniture, ru gs, baby item s, in fa n ts to a d u lts clothing, typew riter and table, se w in g m ach in e , m an y m isc. items. April 1-8, 9-6, 81o W Kings 
Hwy.__________________________ 

H E IM E R C A M P E R S A L E S 
San Antonio's Exclusive 
C O A C H M EN D E A L E R 924- 
36 
Tent T ra ile rs-T ra v e l T ra ile rs, 
T ru c k C a m p e r s -M in i M o to r 
Homes. STh wheel Trailers 
3329 S.W. Military, W. of Somerset 

Dining room furniture, 52oo for all or sell separately. Rocker, $25. 
Bedroom, $8o Assortment of hou­ sehold items. May be seen Sunday atter IO am al 1419 Hicks Ave. 

73 Escapade. Like new. Sleeps 8 
Low m iles. F u lly eq u ip p e d. 
$11,ooo firm. 333-1773 
73 C H E V R O L E T S U B U R B A N 
3.lion, air, fully hitched, 4S4 cu. in.,2 extra fuel tanks 
SOUTH T E X A S Trailer*, Supply 
1121o rn 35 N. 
653-4161 

Hey G r a n d p a ! S m a ll R id in g 
Mower, For Small Boy $8o. 438 
Orchard. 
A L L M U ST GO* Buffe! Table and 
Chairs, $135. Comp. Bedroom Set, 
$139. Nice Coffee and End Tables 
$29 ea. Clean Stove $65, Beautiful 
Wardrobe, Soto. Much More. 17oS 
West Ave, 732-6595, IO-6pm.______ 

For Rent: Vogue 32’ Villa Grande, fully equipped, sleeps 8, rent by the week, L e p re c h a u n M o to r 
Rentals, 494-64o7________ 
____ 

Sewing machine. White. 2 yrs. old. 
Slop. Cosh only! 667-1253________ 
Hoover, washer, dryer, Sears 4x6’ pooltable, twin bed, com plete, perfect condition 337-844o. 
Dining room table with benches, like new. $25o. 923-6627._________ 
G A R A G E S A L E : T h u r s -F r i 
L a d y ’s and c h ild re n ’s clothes, jewelry Odds and ends Evervth ing must go! 622 Shodwell.______ 

CLOSE O U T SA LE, 1976 
C A M P IN G - T R A V E L T R A IL E R S 
K C T R A IL E R S 
$396 
Up 
71o W EST A V E 
735-3931 

S E W I N G M A C H I N E 
Singer Portable Zig-Zag. Built In 
Blind Ham m er. 9 paym ents of 
$9.65. For Into, call 924-35o5, 

•76 H O L ID A Y R A M B L E R 32’ 
Presidential. Air, la rg e refrig, large bottles. Deluxe throughout 
Showroom cond. 653-5355 

D in in g room suite, so lid oak, clothes, utility table, misc. items 
433-7o89. 
_________ 
Disapoearing attic ladder, brand new. 333-83o7 
_____________ 
D ish w a sh e r, L a d y K e n m o re , avocado. 
Used 
4 yrs. 
$1oo. 
494-7291 

18hp Engine Electric Start Call 
681-3169. 
•75 GMO M ini-M otor Home. 22’, 
Fully equipped, completely self- contained. Low mileage, excellent condition 51o,8oo 696-3834 

ST A R C R A F T Tent Camper $14oo well equipped, clean. 826-477o. 
Am ateur radio, com plete noice stotson 824-3524, 
G A R A G E S A L E : F ri-S c i Only, 
9-6pm, 4 pc. T o m ilso n L iv in g 
Room Furn. Green Velvet Cain 
Bock Soto, with Pair, M atching 
Chairs, Breakfast Set, Baby Furn. 
Clothes, Shoes, Trunks, Original 
P alette K n ife O il P a in tin g , 
$25-515o and a c c e s. 
1o43o 
S E V E R N (Regency Place)______ 

IB M M odel C typew riter, very good condition, $225. 734-5)8). 
•74 Starcratt Venture model 1o8o 
Pop up trailer, sleeps 8, A-l con clition. $1695. 341-71o1. After 6 and wkends: 341-4122. 
_ 

Coachman Cadet Camper, sleeps 
6, with stove and ice box. 1975 
Model $17oo. 696-o872. 

Shoppers Paradise; Quality New ond Used M erchandise, at D is­ count Prices, Lanark Plaza 123 
Lanark Drive, Open Wednesday 
Thru Sunday 9am-Spm._________ 

Am ate ur R ad io C o llin s KW M -1 
$285; New Sim p so n M o d e l 26o 
VO M SIS. 822-3996. 

’7o H O L ID A Y 27’ 
With air conditioning, $5395. 
T R A V ELT O W N T E X A S , (NC 
96oo IH 3SN. 
653-71 

Kenmore Heavy Duty Gold, 5 cy­ cle, 5 water temp, like new $2oo, 
349-5o84, 341-3559.___________ 
C o le m an 581 c ra n k - up tent camper. Sleeps 5. Ideal traveler, very clean. $895. 492-1882. 
‘73 ST A R C R A F T 2o’ Wonder Star 
Trailer, air. $3995. 
T R A V EL T O W N T E X A S, INC. 
96oo IH 35N. 
6S3-71 ll 

A M P L I F IE R , 
Sunn C o n c e rt 
Bass; Sony R to R; Foosball; Call 
Ray at 923-4474. 
A N T IQ U E F U R N IT U R E , Walnut 
W ardrobe with Beveled M irro r 
$12S. Child’s Dresser with beveled m irror $7o. Oak Side Board $75. 
Buffet, Perfect $95. Server 585 2 
Mantel Clocks $35, $75. 684-815o eves. 
___ 

K in g M im -K itc h e n ! C o m p a c t ran ge, sin k and re fr ig e r a to r combination. Never used. 494-1457 
•73 K IR B Y Vacuum with acces­ sories $139. Also Sears Kenmore with adj power mate. Cost new 
5229, ’ } price or ofter. 653-2121. 

Sleeper, queensize, chair and ot­ toman, $25o set. M O R E ! 654-o939 atter Spm._____________________ 

19/S H O LL ID A Y R A M B L E R , 31 
Mint condition, self contained. 21 awning $96oo 658 6o74 otter 5 

Dishwasher Sears portable, good condition. $45. 224-7142 
______ 
22’ F an L u x u ry L in e r T ra v e l 
T ra ile r. F u lly se lf-co n tain ed . 
Tandem axle, air. Perfect cond. 
$27oo. 922-9245. 
D ISH W A SH ER-neve r used, under co unter, F r ig id a ir e C u sto m 
Deluxe, white, $18o. 656-4417 
D O U B L E D R E S S E R with mirror. solid walnut about 6o yrs old. $125. 
736-2576. 

STH W H E E L T R A IL E R S 
A L L S IZ E S and M O D E L S 
Authorized Dealer For 
K O U N T R Y -A IR E -N U -W A 
T R A V E L T R A IL E R C E N T E R 
42oo Roosevelt at Stinson Field 

G A R A G E S A L E : April 1-2, 151o2 
E n c m ito , T a k e Sa n P e d ro to 
Brookholtow, Turn Right, Then 
Left on E n c in o G ra n d e , Left 
Again on Encinito. Proceeds go to 
Charity 

Steeper sofa, new Baby furniture. 
G la s s tab le s w ith an tiq u e d wrought iron bottoms. 337-6521. 

75 J A Y C O Pop U p C a m p e r 
Trailer, sleeps 8, sink, stove, ice box, Exc. cond. $19oo. 649-2165. 
Fold Down Camping Trailers 
Two Both tale models 
SOUTH T E X A S T ra ile r* Supply 
1121o IH35 N 
653-4161 
Nimrod Camper, Sleeps 6, Fully equipped. 655-29o5._____________ 
Kustom IV Bass Amp. and exer- ciser bike. 342-9685. 
______ 
Trailer, 1-wheel "F o llo w M e ” . 
E x c e lle n t for tr a v e lin g and camping in compact car. Lie. for 
77. $15o. 224-7142 
_______ 

1971 Nomad Travel railer, excel­ lent condition, tandem wheels. 
$2,95o. 684-1554_________ ______ 

D R A W IN G T A BLE , 3’x4 adiusta bie top, all hardwood. Fluorescent lam p and swivel top chair, SUO. 
681-2669 otter Spm.______________ 

L a rg e A ir C o m p re sso r, Safe. 
Wood 
Stove, 
Vise, 
Pipe 
7oo 
Porter. 

Antique Queen Ann dining room suite with buffet and glass china cabinet. R e fin ish e d , excellent shope. 69o-o853____________ ___ 

H A R P E R M O T O R CO 
C A M P E R L A N D 
S A L E S and S E R V IC E far 
T E R R Y , T A U R U S , T W IL IG H T 
BU N G A LO W Travel Trailers and 
5Th Wheels 
24o1 S.W. Military 924-5514 
Hrs: Mon-Fri. 9-6, Sun. 1:3o-6 

O P E N 
R O A D 
C A B O V E R 
C A M P E R Fully self contained. 
Air conditioned, Complete jacks 
.................................... $2495 
A LA M O SP O R T C A R S 
3111 Broadway 828-5511 

Lawnmower, Regular, Good Con- dition, $25. 492-2414.____________ 
19’ Trove! trailer, fully self con­ tained, perfect for vacation. 1133 
SW Military Dr. 924-1678________ 

2 pressers, one $3o; chest $25, 2 single beds $2oea, tables SIO, sofa 
$25, box spring SIO, breakfast set 
SIS. 826-6541. 

A N T IQ U E Round oak pedestal table 42", include s 2 leaves, 4 
Chairs $35o 494-2868_____________ 
Like New refrig. !7cu.ft., dresser, co rne r bed set, d rap e s, odds- ends. 6334 Sunview Dr., 684-3421 
Snt-Sun._________ 
1976 Travel Trailer, 28’, self con­ tained, many extras. 533-5395. 
B A B Y car seat and walker. Call 
< 8 1 - o 5 o 1 . 
_ 
D R U M , ST AND, ST IC K S , P R A C ­ 
TICE 
T A D and 
C A SE . 
$95. 
732-8911. 
M atching channel back chairs, 
$4o ea. 9o" couch, $7o. 2 dinettes, 
545 ea. Sewing machine, antique­ like cabinet, 575. Reel mower, 59o. 
O T H E R IT E M S ! 532-3777 G A R ­ 
AGE 
SA LE 
SAT-SUN 
1o3 
Dillworth 

Ba b y crib an d m attre ss, S2Q. 
Aluminum Screen door; 29* 1X6.6 
SIO. T V Stand $5. 433-4914. 
YOUR GUIDE TO DEPENDABLE SERVICE 

 i X P R E S S - N E W S 

D rye r, K e n m o re g a s, I Vt y rs avocado, extras! SU S 494-7291 
B A B Y IT E M S ! Swing-o-matic, 7 mos old, $1o. Dresserette, porta­ ble, folds for storage, $1o. infant carrier, $5 Alt in E X C E L L E N T 
C O N D IT IO N ! 657 3561 

E le c tric gu itar and ca se $185 
69o-1319 after 5 pm.__________ 
Electric stove 4o”, SSO; g tweed 8’ couch SIPP. 656-4o2o. 
M O V IN G : from large home to mobile home. Must sell this week. 
Wurlitzer organ, Reflectory din­ ing table, 8 choirs, has matching teacart. Coffee table, endtabies with imported slate tops. Custom fringed areo rug. Heirloom F os­ toria ste m w are , so m e ch in a. 
9-candle Beth Weizman 5 ft. wall sconce.' L o v e se at and c h a irs. 
M any odds and ends. D re sse s 
(some custom-made), 12-14 tall. 
19oo Jackson Keller, corner of 
Gladiola and Castle Hills Terrace, 
(cash. no checks please). 
341-6394. 

Bargain Sofa and Couch $35 
337-8349 
Beautiful bedroom suite, latest style, mattress, springs, extras, otter 2pm 924-3151 
_ 

Contents home and garage. 1519 
McKinley, Thurs-Sat. Ioam-5pm daily__________________________ 
Beautiful French P roven cal din­ ing room set, table has 3 leaves, 6 chairs, buffet and China Cabinet. 
$15oo Cosh Only 432 4129 
_ 

Evaporative cooler, 12 V for van or camper. Set of sun shades for 
Dodge Van. Black and D ecke r body lender. 735-6228 atter 6pm weekdays or all day weekends 
B E A U T IF U L S O F A : Loveseat, 
Chair, End, Coffee Tables. Twin 
Bedroom Set, White or Maple, $9o. 
L ik e New D o u b le Bed, C h est, 
B rass Headboard. Fur Lounger. 
Bunk 
Bed 
Sets, 
Lots 
More. 
<56-8134.______________ 

E x c e lle n t E le c tr ic R a n g e , 2 ovens, upper, lower. 3o‘. Com e see, make otter. 828-o383 weekend only!__________________________ 

B A B Y S IT T IN G 
C H I L D C A R E 
M I L D E W R E M O V I N G 
F O U N D A T IO N S 
SAW S H A R P E N I N G 

M O V IN G : M U S T S E L L ! White 
L aw so n So fa, $3oo. C h ro m e , brass, glass coffee and lamp ta­ bles $15o. ea; Fruitwood dining table, 4 chairs, $55o. complete; 
Oak conference table, 8 blue dir­ ector ch a irs $65o; 2 red vinyl chrom e ch airs $5o. ea; indian 
F oyer table, ca rv e d elephant legs, with m irror $3oo. Oil paint­ ings, bric-a-brac, elephant fern stand $35. Alt items like new, 
736-3oo8 

D E N M A N * SONS 
SAW S H A R P E N IN G , 924-4951 
A D D IT IO N S 
3o" Exhaust fan, $75. excellent condition. 824-287o aft 5 
Experienced mother wants to do babysitting in her home, reasona­ ble rateds. P e rrin -B e ite i are. 
Phone 657-1928. 
Bed, complete $45; dresser with m irror $65; oak w ardrobe $5o, electric ra n ge $25; couch and chair 545. 349-o82o ___ 
____ 

^ e h a b h i^ a n ^ lion, roofs, concrete w ork, ac- cau stical ce ilin g, re a so n a b le 
Free Estimates, 432-3632, att 6 
436-oo97. 

E x tra F irm O rthopedic Queen 
Size Mattress, Box Springs, and 
Frame. $75. Still in Orgm al P ack­ age Can Oeiiver. Sm ith Const ruction 85!5 B Speedway.________ 

SEW IN G * A L T E R A T IO N S 
-T A IL O R IN G 
All types foundation repairs. 3o yrs. experience. All work guar- anteed. Coll anytime, 534-411o 
P A IN T IN G , P A P E R I N G 
P L A S T E R IN G 
GOO D Babysitter, needs full time, in my home, 826-8478 
D re ss m a k in g and a lte ra tio n s done reasonably. 533-7537. 
Lie. Childcare, Nutritious meals, large home and yard. 432-o774. 
A Com plete P ain tin g Service. 
Int-Ext. Prices you can afford. 
654-o266. 
D R E S S M A K IN G , M rs. Thorne son, 333-5395 or 333-o528. 
Licensed Babysitting. Very Red sonable. 344-9349. 
All types of foundation repairs, 
Low prices, high quality work 
Call anytime, 
A BC 
CONST., 
333-4816. 

C O M P L E T E F IN A N C IN G 
F R E E E S T IM A T E S 
A G arc ia P ain tin g C ontractor 
Free Est. Int.-Ext. 734-7846. 
Licensed chitdare. Any age. SIS a week. 732-7265. 
M O V IN G se llin g 5 piece b e ­ droom suite, antique trunk, com­ plete set of golf clubs, dinette set. baby furniture, lawn m ow ers, other household items. F rid ay and 
Saturday, 
13923 
Brays 
Forest. 

S E W IN G M A C H IN E 
R E P A I R S - S E R V I C E 
G E R H A R D T S 533-7149 
R E L IA B L E 
E S T IM A T E S on 
P ain tin g-Pap e rin g, Sheetrock, 
Window G lass, Repairs, Budget 
Terms. 1612 S. H ackberry______ 

L IC E N S E D C H IL D C A R E , 1-12, pick up children from school, near Olmos Elementary, Reason­ able prices, Mon-Fri, 7am to 6pm 
For Info. 344-4o45. 

HO U SE L E V E L I N G 
TH E IR IS H M A N 
3o Y E A R S E X P E R IE N C E 
Note: Never take the first price! 
333*9o51 or 
734-7511 

4647 R O O S E V E L T 
924-8556, 924-8557 
Guaranteed Repair Service. Ail 
Makes. Free in-shop estimates. 
3523 West Ave., 344-9671 
Painting and repairs. Lie-Bonded. 
All work Guaranteed. 675-o219 
Registered childcare, 3 yrs and up. Glen area, 653-214o. 
Never used 36 in. F IR E B O X , $2oo. 
732-6825 after IO AM. 
A S P H A L T 
Wooden handcrafted doll house furniture and acc. Space 689 at 
Starving Artists’ Show. Sun.Apr.3 

Reliable m an to do foundation repairs and house leveling. Satis­ faction guaranteed. No job to small. Call 656-5573. 

W A N T ED : Air compressor, 3 HP gas driven, 2 cycle, 12 or 2o gal, tank. Will pay not more than $15o. 
532-8o85, 337-4641._______________ 
Wanted Wicker furniture, utility trailer, reasonable 492-2924______ 
Washer,$75, and dryer,$65 Both 
•7o Cppertone Whirlpool. 349-/341 

New Double And Twin Size Water 
Beds $69.95, Complete New M e r­ chandise, Come Bz 1818 Freder­ icksburg 
Rd 
For 
More information 

Specializing in Asphalt ond Con crete Drives, 681-o874 Anytime! 
P A IN T IN G 
o93o - M E R C H A N D IS E W A N T E D 
T a p in g -F lo a tin g -T e x to n e and 
Acoustical. Reasonable, 534-ooo8 
D E L I V E R Y S E R V I C E 
Arthur Painting Contractor. Int- 
Ext., Acoustic ceilings, 435-1348, 
Free Estimates. 

Antiques, Appliances, Furniture 
A S P H A L T -C O N C R E T E 
W O R K 
D E L IV E R Y S E R V IC E 
R IC H 653-6142 
2oYrs. Exp. City wide Service, 
674-oo11 
New M agnus Organ with bench. 
Also new Spring Hats. 656-6725. 
C O N T R A C T O R 
Interior residential painting only. 
Free estimates 927-5o44 
Washer, automatic Kenmore, Ex cellent cond. 575. 224-6o64 
Estates, Anything of value... from one piece to houseful. Call: 
342-4755 Anytime 
Est. 1949 
Oak stacked bookcase. Old floor lamp, $15. Coffee fable $5. I pair triple drahes, $15.21 piece tea set. 
Quilt tops. 333-94o1 
______ 

Cement Construction. Redwood d e sign p a tio s, s id e w a lk s, driveways, all types of flat work. 
Have troll will travel, 534-8873 

KEN 1SKY CO N T R AC T O R 
Tape, Float, Textone 
Spray, Acoustical 
For extimates coll 922-9684 

G A R D E N I N G 
P A IN T IN G C O N T R A C T O R . Int- 
Ext. G e n e ra l R e p a irs. F re e 
Estimates. 
Gilbert 
Perkins, 
922-14o5.____________________ 

Water Bed,! rome, lines. $35 or trode for 1o-speed. 342-3752. 
D IR T -S A N D - G R A V E L 
F I L L - T O P S O IL 
Buying late model refrigerators, freezers needing repair. 341-1365. 
C U S T O M G A R D E N P L O W IN G 
A N D T IL L IN G . C A LL 924-2117. 
W edding ring set 7 diam onds, never worn $15o; large Kroehler recliner, good condition $5o, Tit- fata bedspread $1o; loam to 5pm 
735-o483. 

Oak table. S’ long with 4 chairs. 
$1oo. 732-2787. 
C o n c re te -A sp h a lt, 
P a tio s, drivew ays, re ason ab le prices, 
Free Estimates. 927-5727 Steve 
P A IN T IN G , G e n e ral R e p a irs, 
F R E E E stim ates, Bill Sullivan 
653-97o8, Clint Hum! 655-84o3. 

AAA Grade lawn and garden dirt, 
J duy deliv. D U G I T R U C K IN G 
CO. 337-424o anytime $17.5o and up._____________ 
H A U L IN G & M O V IN G 
Buy, Sell, Trade, Repair 
5322 SAN P E D R O ______ 828-2327 
Concrete, patios, drivew ays free est Guerrero, 924-7777 _________ 
Cut, T rim , H a u l T re e s. F re e 
Estimates. J E S S IE . 432-7758 or 
432-8o76. 
______________ 
T rees cut and trim m ed. Free 
Estimates. 534-3278 or 333-6652. 
Trees Cut or Trim m ed, hauled away. Free Estimates. 533-1571. 
Trees cut or trim m ed, hauled away. Free Extimates. 533-1571 
T R E E S, 
H E D G E S 
Cut-Trim-Haul 
D AV IS 732-1613 F O LK S 696-oo96. 
Tree trimming andTemovah Joe, 
732-5817; ofter 6pm 341 3498. 

P a in tin g , in te rio r- e x te rio r, acoustics and texturing. Free est 
224-8983; 684-1467; 225-7833. 

Executive, Secretary, O ccasion­ al. Upholstered, vinyl and genuine leather. Ail beautiful. Over 2oo ch airs to choose from. P rice d from $8.5o and up. 1131 Basse Rd., 
733-7367, 734-3o81.___________ 

W e stin gh o u se ro a ste r oven, cabinet clock, broiler 824-8‘286 
W hite s h e a v y d u ty g a so lin e edger. 12’x l6’ shag carpet, used 2 wks. 654-o2oo 

A P P L IA N C E S , furniture, clean garages, pickup junk. Free est. 
333-2939. 

CASH tor your Used Piano 
224-7111 or 224-11o2 
A. Barron. AH types dirt-scnd grovel. Year Round del. 435-6157. 
Concrete, patios, walks, drives, additions. W inter Prices. Free estimates. Frank, 333-196o. 
D IA M O N D S 
Williams, 227 87o2, ISO E .Houston 
Painting, sheetrock, tape floating, textone p a n e lin g , etc. R e a s prices. Free Est. 656-4475_______ 

A-l F E R T IL IZ E D V E G E T A B L E 
F A R M T O P S O IL , D E L I V E R Y 
A V A IL A B L E . 684-1873. 

C O L L E G E S T U D E N T , 2 yrs ex perience, reasonable , free es timates. Lance. 696-4495 
C O N C R E T E 
S M A L L 
O R 
L A R G E ! D r iv e w a y s , p a tio s, sidewalks. F R E E E S T IM A T E S ! 
735-13o4 732-7413. 

Garden Traclor with implements, weed eater. <58-2889. 
W in ch e ste r 243 le v e r action, scope and case, like new. $2oo. 
922-3921 ofter <pm.________ 

Old pine roll top wood bin, pine paneled door, 534-6521.__________ 

Old upright piano, large round dining table- 6 chairs, 2 marble top English w ash stands, L O T S 
M O R E ! 534-6393________________ 
Organic Gcrden Worms, tor sale by the count or pound. 696 o872. 
Parts of a ‘61 and 
64 Chevy, 
673-4559._______________________ 
Patio triple door, 9x7. Window, 
6x3’ ztt. 696-9581.________________ 
Peavy PA System, with 2 cabinet speakers,, 
$85o. 
Must 
Set! 
4 3 4 -4 8 9 o ____________________ 
PtANO-Walnut,""winter Com pany 
Spinet. Call before 5, 494-1292 
P ic n ic f a b le s , New 6’x3o \ benches attached, never used, 
$29.95 delivered. 337-3949._______ 
Pinball, baseball, jukebox for sole. 653-4363. 
19" Portable Color TV $15o; 25" console color TV $15o. 824-2844 
Porfa-crib, good condition. $25“ 
696-o438 after 5pm.______________ 
Queen, fuHsize, twin bedroom s. 
Desk. D ining set, buffet, china cabinet. Sofa, loveseat, beautiful teak coffee and end tables Din­ ette, stove, refrigerator, freezer. 
3 3 7 - 7 1 3 5 . _________________ 
8’ R ad ial A rm saw, Black and 
Decker with Dodo. $12o 696-3234. 

Saint's Paints. int-Ext. Painting 
Gen Repair. 654-o477 Free Est. 
A L L types dirt, sand, gravel. 7 day delivery. JACOB 532-19)o 
H A U L IN G AN D D U M P IN G 
Have 2 1 a ton trucks. 533-1142. 
C O N C R E T E W O RK, Asphalt, and rooting Free Est. 337-6211_______ 
All types dirt, sand, gravel. Jim 
Longford, Northside, 342-244o 
W R D ALLA S, Welch dresser and 
12' w all unit w ith desk and bookcases. P atio tables and 6 chairs, 2 twin beds and springs ice-maker refrigerator. 826-747o 

Hauling and moving with pickup truck, 673-5669 
P L U M B IN G 
TH A T D O E S N ’T E A T ! 
C A L L J IM L IS T E R 
633-26oo or 633-o34o 
P E B B L E F in ish -D r iv e w a y s , patios, sidewalks and what have you! 
No job too sm a ll. H 
R A M IR E Z , 434-779o. 
____ 

B E L G IA N G A R D E N T O P S O IL 
Best Quality, also sand-top soil mix. Open M S. 433 1489 

Hauling, m oving ond tree trim ming, have I' i ton truck, 673-516o. 
A L L P lu m b in g Jobs-7 D a y s o week. Low Prices, Free Est. Call 
435-4316. 
______ 
_____ 
Jenny L in d C rib , B e n tw o o d hi-chair. 661-8146. 
__________ 
LIG H T H A U L IN G A N D M O V IN G 
I piece or house tut! 
Day or Nile 
A P T M O V IN G S P E C IA L IT Y 
___________ 656-57o5 
Light Moving. Day or night. Trash 
H a u lin g. S c rap m etal h au le d away tree. 923-4411. 

169 yards celery green plush car­ pet, original cost $1o.95, sacrifice 
54.5o yd. 349-3-163, 732-8723 after 
6pm. 

Dirt-Topsoil-Sand-Gravel-Loam. 
Roy Hendrix. Delivered 341-2449. 
S p e c ia liz in g in co ncre te , driveways, patios, walks, founda lions, etc. 
Free 
Estimates. 
681-o874. 

Jukeboxes & Pinbai1 Machines 
Buy, sell, trode. 824-1o5o 
A Master Plumber. Repairs and re m o d e lin g. 
C a ll 
R ic h a r d , 
732-5616 or 435-6669._____________ 
TV R E P A I R S - R E N T A L S 
G ood topso il d e liv. 8am -3pm 
434-4524. 
Even. and weekends 
684-5o62. 
Pickup free stoves, ref, air cond, mowers, furn, clothes 333-2939 
DO YOU N E E D A P L U M B E R 
Reliable-Bonded 824-o791 
F R E E E ST IM A T E S -7 D A Y S 
H O N EST LOW P R IC E S 924 o796 
Service on Iud m akes and models. 
Free Estimates. 7 days a week 
Work Guaranteed. 923-3285. 

LO A D IN G T O P SO IL 
628-1199 
T O P C A S H P A ID for your old newspaper and corrugated. A AB- 
CO 
Paper Stock. 815 Ceralvo. 
434-o681:_____________________ 
929 -GARAGE SAUS 
P L U M B E R , Reasonable, In stal­ lation, 
F R E E 
Est. 
A. 
G arcia 
227-3oo5. 
____________ 

Furniture-Appliances-Jewelry a h Applications approved with required down payment Call Im- periol Furn. 222-2227. 416 Brady. 

Low prices High Quality concrete work. Call M r Concrete, 223-5667, 
223-5115._______________________ 

Protect the Beauty of your lawn, 
Rich Too Soil, 733 o91o 8am to 
Spm._________ 

Baby articles, books, CB, etc. Sat 
Apr. 2, 9-6pm. 5143 Village Court. 
Backyard sale: Tuesday thru Sa turday, Apr. 2. 318 Surrels. (Lom a 
Terrace). Swing set, clothes, toys, plants, ceramics, 26in girl’s bike, baby swing, tires (6oo-13).______ 

Used Diesel gasoline and natural gas engines, running or non-run­ ning or parts for same. Contact: 
B E C K A IN D U S T R IA L E N G IN E 
S E R V IC E , 431 M C C A M P B E L L , 
C O R P U S C H R IS T I, T X 784o8. 
512-882-58o1. 512-882-8o86 

We answer your call fast! Sewers, leaky faucets, woter heaters, any type repair or new installation. 
Texas Plum bing Co., Inc. 41o & 
Broadway. Cali anytime 826-9582 

C B radio, 4o channel Brand new 
$8o. 673 1487 
G alvan ize d sto rage b ld g 9x14, never used, boys 1o-speed bike, and 2o". Girls 26" bike. All in good condition. 532-5615. 

T o p so il, G ra v e l, D e liv e re d 
Spread, NW and N E , 434-11o4 
Y A R D W O R K 
C A R P E N T R Y 
Cedar siding and fencing, 1x8, lSc linear foot. 
Any amount. 
1 42o-2786 
__________________ 
TOP SOIL, SAND, G R A V E L 
922-1355, Sat-Sun. 
A l Y ard work, tree trim m ing, flower beds, landscaping, fertiliz­ ing, insect spraying. Guaranteed at recs prices. Free Estimates 
656-4475_______________________ 
C o m m ercial, R e sid e n tia l lots cleaning, hauling, trees trimmed. 
923 1315._______________________ 
Cutting, Edging, Trimming, Clean 
Up, Im m aculate work NS area 
Only! 34) o3o5. 

A Carpenter: In Need of Jobs from Roofing to Foundation. No 
Job Too Sm all! Free Est. A ll 
Work Guaranteed. 927-5o24 

G a r a g e door, $75. R u g s , S IS 
Trunk, choirs, lavatory. 735-7683. 
H O M E I M P R O V E M E N T S 
M A IN T E N A N C E 
T o p so il, sa n d y lo am , san d , grovel, driveway material, 
922 8858. 

C H E S T $3o C h oir desk 57.5o 
Mattress and box spring $3o. Old 
[working refrige rato r $4S; nice istove $125 Set of 4 Oak Chairs 
$1oo. Old Oak Desk $3o. M etal 
^Cabinet $15. Typewriter table >15. 
M a n u a l a d d in g m ac h in e $35 
'Rocker $25, and other household 
■ goods. 734-61)2.________________ , 
C H U R C H Y A R D SA L E 
J 
Helotes Methodist Church 
(Helotes, Texas, Saturday April 
(2nd. 
___________________ 

Big Yard Sole; Settee Set, Stove, 
R e frig e ra to r, C h in a C abinet, 
Stereo, Dresser, Chairs, Tables, 
Sofa Bed, Misc. Double Brass Bed 
222-9929, 736-2945. 

W A N T E D : Oriental b ra ss tray with or without wooden base, rea­ s o n a b le ^ 3593________________ 
G ara ge Sale; Several fam ilies, freezer, pop-up cam pe r, good clothes, bikes, misc. Th urs and 
Sot, only 111)4 Whisper Ridge 

R E F R I G E R A T O R - F R E E Z E 
R E P A IR S 
Com plete Line Hom e R e p airs. 
New, Old, Large or Sm all Jobs 
Prices you can Afford, 654-o266 

A Complete Maintenance service, 
Carpen try, Roofing. AH type s repairs. Prices you can afford. 
Free Est. 654-o266. 

Topsoil 518-Soufhside 
628-1199 
W an te d, R E F R I G E R A T O R S 
STOVES, Reasonable. 344-4471 
ST O N E M ASON- Brick Laver Al so 
Chimney work. 
927-5659, 
924-4184 

Repair trost-free, service call 
$9.5o, NS-NW only, 684-6188. 
G A S R A N G E , 6 m os old, under w arran ty, continous cleanin g, 
$25o. 826-5342. 
__________ 

C L E A N E D H O U S E ! NO T IM E 
FO R G A R A G E S A L E ! Boxes of clothes, o rigin a l oil paintings, household items, twin bed with mattress, good flea make! items. 
$2oo takes all! 655-7845 

E X C A V A T IO N 
S E R V I C E 
W A N T ED : Sturdy wooden chairs 
494-2o58 ofter n o m _______ 
AH types carpentry work. Also roofing, painting, sa tisfa ctio n guaranteed. No job too small. 
<56*5573. 
_____ 
W ANT TO B U Y old gasoline and oil adve rtisin g, old sign s, ga s pumps, globes, etc. 654-6879 

G as stove 53o, baby bed 12o 
735-49o6 
R E M O D E L I N G 
Lawns, cut-trimm ed-vacuum ed 
Call anytime, 533-9635. 
IN C O M E T A X 
S E R V I C E 
G E Refrigerator $1oo 
A d d itio n s, p a n e lin g , fo rm ic a cabinet work, free est., 736-oooo. 
Trees, Lawns, Hedges, Trimmed and Homed. Reasonable. 532-o742. 
C A R P E T S A L E S & 
S E R V IC E 
Cooperative G ara ge Sale. Live 
Oak d u b House. April 2nd, 9am. 
We buy Furniture, Appliances 
Estates Antiques Glassw are etc 
Coat, Leather Suede Jacket, Size 
9-1o. 224-8945 
_____ 
Range, Kenm ore gas, avocado and chrom e, 3o” , used 2 m os. 
Continuous cleaning oven, black gloss door, Extras! $225. 494-7291 

17' G E R e frig e ra to r Freezer. 
$1oo. Good Cond 656 2936. aft 5. 
W AUSO N 'S 
Complete Tax Service 
B u s in e s s and P e rso n a l. R I ­ 
C H A R D E W AUSON. 19 yrs, same neighborhood. A.A.BS and M E. degrees 
Tax-Business Consultant 
333-5159 
31o Nash 
333-7984 

Sight Preparation, Land Clearing and other G eneral E xc avatio n 
Work. JO 45o-C T rack Loader, 
Back h o e and R ip p e r, D u m p 
Truck. 828-4648 aft 5, 8-S Mon-Fri 
826-1411. 

Honest carpentry work. Quality with value. Free Estimates. Ken 
McMullen. 655-o63o. 

W E E D 
C U T T IN G acreages. 656-o527 
L o ts or 
3o cup Co ffee U rn ond Food 
Warmer New, Ladies Clothes size 
IO, many other items, very rea- sonable, 111 Longridge. 
_____ 

Colored TV, A m b a ssad o r, 17” portable with stand SISO. 224-7142 
G E trash co m p acto r, $15o or m ake offer, Huffy 1o-spd. bike, like new, $75 or m ake offer. 
I 755-8146 

A ! W I L L S T E A M C L E A N or shampoo, liv.-din. room $22.5o, 
9x12 loose rugs $1o.5o. 227-1986 or 
225-83o3 

W ill do yardw o rk. R e aso n ab le prices. 648-3o28. 
RO O FIN G -Painting, Room Addi­ tions, Foundations. Patio Cowers, 
Repairs. Lie. 333-1oo5.__________ 
S A N D T CO Custom Remodeling with designer service. 824-7688; 
826-o794.______________ 

Realistic Pro-14 U H F-V H F scan­ ner, with X -T A LS $14o. 696-1573 otter 7pm. AH day Sunday.______ 

C o lo re d T V , M a g n a v o x 21” 
[console. 
Wood cabinet. 
$3oo. 
-224-7142___________________ 
E S T A T E 
S A L E : 
T h u rs -S u n 
9am-6pm. Com plete household. 
Desk, riling cabinets, collectables. 
177 Bent. 734-681) 
____ 

Y a rd w o rk , S a tu r d a y s Only, 
Front-Back-$1o. 432-64o7________ 
Y A R D W O R K , Sp ra y in g , trim ming, hauling. Cat! 532-5745. 

G E Washer and Dryer, good con­ dition $15o for both. 654-o7o9 atter 
4 pm.__________________________ 

J o an n e s c a rp e t in sta lla tio n , repairs, cleaning, sham pooing free est. 
24-8983; 
684-1467; 
225-7833. 

R e c e n tly re u p h o lstered hide away bed. S139.So 226-3991. 
653-3714 anytime, 655 4634 eves. 
JOHN & R O W L A N D B A R N E S 
Licensed and Bonded Buyers 

CO LO R TV, excellent, $125 Dou­ ble 
Bed 
$25. 
Halt 
Bed 
$1o. 
922-4225.________ 
_____________ 
F E N C IN G 
L A N D S C A P IN G 

W E H A V E P L E N T Y OF L IV E 
O A K 
T R E E S 
F O R 
S A L E . 
1-875-9o28 or 1-392-5361. 
^ 

Refrigerator, working cond., $3o. 
Kenmore coppertone gas stove, needs griddle, $25 or best offer. 
122Vz Sa. H ackbe rry. R e ar of alley next to Stanley’s icehouse. 

Expensive lady’s clothes size IO, reasonably price d ; shoes size 
8'j N ; coffee service $45, m ens polyester slacks 36W3oL, $2 ea.; glass pint Size milk bottles; Wes­ tinghouse 19’ color T V console 
$125. 861o Sagebrush.___________ 

G irl's full size French Provincial bedroom set: dresser, chest, m ir­ ror, powder table and chair, $3oo 
Mattress ond box springs includ­ ed 224-7142 

U N IT E D C A R P E T S E R V IC E 
924-1o58 or 226-8246 
[Color TV, 25 in. console, excel 
[cond. $15o. 923-1761. 
__________ 
Wrecker Service 
R O O F IN G 
Fence Building Barns, sheds and pens built. 337-4334 atter 5. 
119" color TV, needs repair, $6o 
” *-"58. 
_____ 
Buy old C a rs and W R E C K E R 
SE R V IC E , call Richard, 337-657o 
A C o m plete R o o fin g Se rv ic e . 
Coatings for all roofs. Guaranteed 
Workmanship. Prices you can af­ ford. Free Est 654-o266. 

F R E E Fence E stim ate s. Both wood and chain link. F A R M E R ’S 
F E N C E CO. 622-951 1 or 673-4337 

R E G U L A R C O N D IT IO N 735-8733 
B A B Y S IT T IN G 
C H I L D C A R E 
Refrigerator, G E, 4 yrs. old. Per- lect Condition $65. 657-3561 
8 Goblets, Solid Copper, and Dou hie Copper Plated $9 ea. 341-1o13. 
Color TV - works good, $95 
_________349-o82o__________ 
C W Com m ander 45 satin nickel finish 52oo. 696 798o.____________ 

W E P A Y CASH 
For Good Used Furniture 
LAW N C A R E 
G A R A G E S A L E : 
S E V E R A L 
F A M IL I E S ! P ic q u e w e d d in g dress, size 8. Extra large men s clothing, vibrator belt exerciser, furniture. LO T S M O R E ! Thurs- 
Sat. 
9am-5pm. 
1o31o 
Charter 
Grove 

Refrigerator, Coppertone, Frost- free. G ood condition, $11$. 12 string 
Harm ony guitar, 
53o. 
828 6585___________________________ 

Going overseas sale. T V ’s, ency­ clopedias, rugs, baby furniture, plexiglass, etc. Call Mr. Tucket! 
*71-7226 before noon Mon-Wed or 
1*4199 2751 

R 
A Benke F a rm and R an ch 
Fencing. 
Free 
Estimates. 
69o-955o. 
C S H R O O F IN G CO. We do the job right the first time. New roofs, roof repairs of ail types. Free est. 
6S5-1o39_______________ _______ 
C la rk 's R oo ting • Rem odeling. 
Free Est 824-1532. 

And it's easy! Just call us today and w e 'll put your low-cost ad in_print. 

L an d sc ap in g . AH K in d s y a r d ­ work. 
G rass pianting-Hauling. 
226-1569 
Doloroso 
■Convertible sofa, $99 
Antique dressers, beds, etc. 684-4264 
Day or 
Night, in my home 
534-o126 
Refrigerator 2 door, white $13o; sofa-chair $125; black-white 19' 
TV $<5; solid state turntable, 2 speakers 55o; 922-9249. 
_______ 

F IR E & BB Q W OOD 
C o rne r gro u p in g , yellow 
O ld ra d io cabinet. C a m p in g tent, 
[sleeps IO 492-1342 ofter 1oarn___ 
Couch and matching chair Hang ling lamps. <81-3o12 

L aw n 
C are , 
Cut, 
E d g e d , 
Trimmed, Experienced-Dependa hie. 342-6487 

Gold Pocket watch $95. 5o reed fencing $25, W icker choir $15, 3' 
Norfolk Pine $15 828-6o8o 
G R A M O P H O N E W ITH M O RN 
11 OO 
828 44 ll 

Childcare bv RN, her home, NW 
Area, near U TSA-U SAA 696-429o 
G A R A G E S A L E : 
F u rn itu re , alants, dishes, '-lothes. 5631 Bran- demere 
(Camelot) 
April 
2*3, 
9 3oom-7pm 

Mesquite-Oak W OOD 
$25, p ick u p lo a d ; $55 co rd delivered. 673-8252 

For That Good Piano 
That you are ngt using. Please call Mr. Leon at 223-6151. 

15 YRS. Exp, on Composition or 
Gravel Roof R A M IR E Z , 342-781o 
Lie. 

Childcare in my home, any age, 
$2o week. Call 924-7o63. 
R o tary law n m ower, ga so lin e edger misc. items 826-o754 
Plant grass, fertilize yards, cut down trees. Coll Pete, 333-57o8 
PRESi-N ilVS M V B IJ i BOHUS ii m e r c h a n d is e m a r t a d s o n ly 
3 
2 
5 
- 1 
6 
o 
6 

QUICK RESULTS! 

WON COMMERCIAL! 
CANCELLABLE 
WITHOUT 
RATE CHANGE 
(CLASS # V S S O N LY) 

Jk LINES 
6 DAYS 

FINAL RY CLEARANCE 
SALE! 

 r WE GUARANTEE THE LOWEST 
PRICE IN TOWN ON OUR MODELS 

 r f M i s s i o n 
I ] jg ! Travel Center 

IM W ! PDi l l Att 
TEXAS SIZISAVMGS 

2 2 5 - 1 6 6 6 
QUICK RESULTS! 

NON COMMERCIAL! 
CANCELLABLE 
WITHOUT 
RATE CHANGE 

LINES 

DAYS 

o2 • ROTOR HOMES SALES BERT 
8o2 MOTOR HOWES SALES-RENT 
8o2 MOTOR HORES SALES RENT 18o8 HUNTING I FISHING 
San Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— Saturday April 2 1977 

H u n te r a n d w it * w a n t 7oo-1ooo 
[a c re b ru s h c o u n try h u n tin g and 
I fis h in g lease. 82o-13oo_____________ 

C H A IR S F O R C O C K T A IL 
L O U N G E OR T A V E R N 
Q u a n tity o f <o w h ite v in y l w ith c a s t a lu m in u m s w iv e l b a s e s . 
S17 SO ea. W ill d is c o u n t to r quan t lt y p u rc h a s e . 5 m a tc h in g b o r s to o ls 
S5S e a 
I I H B a s s e Rd 
733-73o7, 734-3oo1._________________ 
936 DSSS-CATS BIROS HTS 
938 oo63 CATS BIROS WTS 
A L L B R A N D S 

WE’RE OPEN 
SUNDAY! 

OVER IOO 
MOBILE HOMES 
TO CHOOSE FROM 

PRICES START AT 

C o m p le te g r o u p s o f o ff ic e fu rn itu re . C o ll 8-4, 225-5746. 
C o pier, A pe co Super S ta t ll w ith 
6ooo sheets o f p a p e r, good c o n d i­ tio n , 
{SSO. 
B ob 
Jones 
R e a lto r 
533-71o3.___________________________ 

S’o ry and C la r* G ra n d P ia n o in b e a u tifu l c o n d itio n . R e c e n tly re s­ tru n g 518oo 344-7868_____________ 
C u s to m -m a d e w r a p p in g a n d checko ut c o u n te r fo r R e ta il Store 
U shaped. M a rk e t cost 523oo. Sell 
53oo le e d s D e p t 
S to re . 345 W 
C o m m e rce , 227-5385.______________ 

1932 S traus & Sons u p rig h t piano 
N e w keys, h a m m e rs , p od s. 575o 
C oll 822 7637 ______________________ 

U n re de e m e d 
M u sica l 
In s tru m e n ts 
A m e ric a n Loo n Co., 227-8572 

A ntiq u e sota, I a rm c h o irs , e a rly 
V ic to ria n , b e a u tifu l c o n d itio n also ro ll top desk. 341 6778.__________ 
ROBERT SMITH MOTOR CO. 
5 5 o 5 SAN PEDRO 
IS MOVING AND CLOSING OUT 

 a l l it s r v St o c k 

WE OFFER 
NEW MOTOR HOMES, TRAILERS 
AND VANS AT THOUSANDS OF 
DOLLARS UNDER LIST PRICE 

CHISM TRAIL 
ANTIQUES 

D E N N IS O N p in n in g m a c h in e s , 2 each M odel A w ith fu ll type se ts. 
P e rfe c t c o n d itio n . $75 ea. 826-6o63 
Noon to I p m ____________________ 

A N T IQ U E A U C T IO N 
S unday, A p r. 3, 1.3o P M 
G a ry 's A n tiq u e A u c tio n House 
L o c k h a rt, Tx. 
C oll 398 37o1 

A N T IQ U E S G A L O R E a t the Con verse F lea M a rk e t e v e ry S unday 
G e n e ra l S to re , 3o5 S. S eguin St., 
658 3897, 658-286o for s p o re 

 a 
K E E S H O N D \ 

Never a hunter, the Keeshond, a favorite o f the Dutch for centuries and often called "The national dog of Holland is an ideal companion. It is most closely related to the 
Pomeranian. W olf grey in color it always looks brushed and groomed, and the less it is groomed, the better it appears. 

D esks and O th e r O ffice F u rn itu re , 
828-o742.___________________________ 
Irv in g W a y n e ’s 
I 
3 rd A nnual Spring 
'Antiques Show & Sale 

I Villita Assembly Bldg. 
I 
April 1 - 2 - 3 

 frid a y , Saturday, Sunday 
! ★ BO Dealers * 

 a Perm o Green 
F o r F re e E s tim a te a n d L a w n 
A n a lysis, C o il T oday 
226-2387 

E le c tro n ic C ash R e g is te r; tables, c h o irs . 223-1523; 228-985o_________ 

F lo w e r s h o p g o in g o u t o t b u s i­ ness: 3 show cases a nd a c ce sso r - tes. 51oo a ll. 924 6 S 3 2 . __________ 

F o r S ale. V a r lt y p e r , A d d re s s o - g ra p h m a c h in e , E llio t t S te n c il c u tte r a n d S te n c il f ile c a b in e t. 
M a y be seen a t B ld g 166o K A F B . 
924-9.48S.___________________________ 

G re e n h o u s e 8x6, 8 x 1 2 , T e rm s , 
F re e D e liv e ry 924 5oo3___________ 

L A W N M O W E R , 2 6 " S N A P P E R rid in g 5295. 681-1698______________ 
(L a rg e st S election o f 

A ntiuqes, G IF T Ite m s , J e w e lry 
B E T T E R J E W E L R Y SHOW N 
T uesday and W ednesday 
P ric e re d u c tio n s d a ily th r u Sa tu rd a y , 1oAM to 6PM 
VON LOHR Antiques 
6557 San Pedro 

O rg a n ic G a rd e n W o rm s fo r sale b y the co un t o r pound 696 o872 
USED-REPO 
MOBILE 
HOMES 
In This Area 

A A A K C S H IH TZU PUPS 
M otes, fe m a le s. Shots 342-7o3o 
A do ra ble A K C Y o rk s h ire Pups 
534 1655 

FO R FAST 
RESULTS ... 1 
Place Your 
Pet Ad Today! 

Cell 
Miss Moo re 1 
2 2 5 -1 6 6 6 

IB M M o d e l C t y p e w r it e r , v e ry good co n d itio n , $225. 734-5181 
M iss L ou 's is h a v in g a m o v in g out sole. 3ooo o ff on oak w a rd ro b e s , ir o n b e d s , c a s h r e g is t e r , a n d m uch m o re ! A P L A C E IN T IM E , 
4337 M cC ullou gh . 826-o828________ 

Ice M a c h in e , B e e r B ox, fre e z e r, k itc h e n c a b in e ts , c e n tra l a ir and 
I h e a t u n it l l * to n 22o a ir c o n d l- lio n e rs 734-o193 
_____________ _ 

A fg h a n H o u n d , A p r ic o t, B lo c k 
M a sk m ole. 927-2465._________ 
AIR COMPRESSORS 
NEW 
Tank M o u n te d w ith 
Factory G u a ra n te e . 
5 H P . . : .................... S S I3 . 
IO H P ........................ S t 28o. 
3o h p ........................... $ 2 2 o $. 
Offcut Ute* eke A vetMtis 
CHI Hft fo r fl<k, HHsl f OwrfcMrtt 
Craft**, IS*e, Mfttftn. 
W J*. SMITH EIEC. CO. 
318 E. Nakomo 
494-18o1 

N E W A N D O L D SHO P. 3o5 West 
A shby (N e a r S ac) 732-8888. M a n y 
O ldies and G oodies. 

A K C A IR O A L E T E R R IE R , fem 9 mos. Ch. P ed ig re e. 695-376o______ 
K E Y M A C H IN E - C u r tis K n o ll m odel 2ooo a u to m a tic . L ik e new 
2oo keys. 535o 534 5344____________ 

A re Y o u r A n tiq u e s a n d C o lle c ti­ bles P ro p e rly In s u re d ? C e rtifie d 
In v e n to ry , L ic e n s e d A p p ra is e r,' 
P hil M o ra n 734-5668 
OAK F U R N IT U R E 
G rabo A ntiq u es, 2934 A u s tin H w y 
SUNSET 
MOBILE 
HOMES 

L E A S E D E F A U L T 
Save on s o lid w a ln u t A lm a desk, a n d m a tc h in g C re d e n z a W a ln u t s e c re ta ria l d e s k , s w iv e l c h a irs . 
A lso: 
P o rta b le telep ho n e in briefcase. 
R E A G A N & CO. 
15o2 N. P A N A M E XP W Y .227-63 

A K C B o xe r P uppies, Show Q uail tv. 696-o223 a fte r 6 p m ___________ 
Bedlam Brass Beds 
T w in, F u ll, Q ueen, K in g s iz e 
S O LID BRASS H E A D B O A R D S 
824-6925___________3123 B ro o d w o y 

OPA’S ANTIQUES 
22o3 S. H o c k b e rry 
COON DOGS F o r Sale 
_____________ 344 8o43___________ ___ 
5 D oberm an P in s c h e r Club of S A is o tte rin g 12 w eek O hed a nd C o n fo rm a tio n C la sse s s ta r t in g A p r. 2, 9 :3 o a rn. R e g e n c y 
E le m . S chool, B 'w a v a t B itte rs . 
653 2373, 497 3519 
_ 

A K C B r it t a n ie s 6 w k * . s h o ts w o rm e d 674 o18o R easonable l l p ie c e s o lid m a h o g a n y C h ip pendale, b a ll and c la w ty p e d in in g suite w ith h ea vy h an d c a rv in g . 
433 71o2. 

A KC B ritta n y M a le , 13 m os Good 
B lood T ra in in g s ta rte d . Reason- eble. 674 o13o. 

A K C Ch 
S ire d B o s to n T e r r ie r fem ale pup. 534-6918._____________ 

A K C C o c k e r S p a n ie l p u p p ie s , b e a u tifu l. F e m a le s , 515o; M ales, 
$125. 6 3 3 -3 7 2 9 .__________________ 

ALSO OFFERED ARE SEVERAL USED 
CAR TRADE-INS AT WHOLESALE PRICES. 
NO GIMMICKS • OPEN 9-7 • DEALERS WELCOME 
PHONE 732-2288 

BESS’ ANTIQUES 
545o LO Seguin R d., 661 5582 
L ib r a r y m e ta l b o o k c a s e s a n d t r u c k , m a g a z in e d is p la y ra c k , 
96x3o fo ld in g ta b le s , a r tis t's t a ­ bles, copy m a c h in e s , IB M d ic ta t­ in g m a c h in e s , c o m b o a n d c o lla ­ to r. 734-5o91, 

Q U E E N ’S ANTIQUES 
28o9 F re d e ric k s b u rg 
H o u rs : 9-5 
2762 S.W. 
MILITARY DR 

9 2 2 - o 5 4 o 

B U Y -S E L L -A P P R A IS E 
Best P ric e s P aid to r A n tiq u e s 
P H IL W IL L B O R N 
TO W N & C O U N T R Y A N T IQ U E S 
826-2749 36o9 B ro o d w o y 735-2414 

’ i Dob. Vi W e im tm . 2 y rs , no pups Free, fu ll ot lo ve 822-1437 
R e m in g to n o3-A3, 3o-o6 e x c e lle n t 
$165. U S 
C a rb in e 
3o M -l w ith 
B a y n o t a n d s h e a th , e x tr a c lip s , tools, s p a re p o rts , m in t *19$, A tte r 
6pm 341-2135.______________________ 
T A IL E N D A N T IQ U E S 
D is p la y Cases 
H A T T IE 'S A T T IC 
M u rp h y Bed 
In C olonies N o rth M a ll 

E a s ie r B e a g le , B e a u tifu l T r i 
C olor AKC P ups 695 883o________ 
B E A R 
A L I G N M E N T 
E Q U IP M E N T P L U S W H E E L 
B A L A N C E R A N D S P IN N E R 
T a k e o v e r p a y m e n ts . 
C a ll 
512 875-286 o tte r 5:3opm __________ 

3M d ry c o p ie r, O liv e tti c a lc u la ­ to rs , 12’ v e g e ta b le d is p la y case, g a rm e n t ra c k s , c e n te r a is le goo dolas, d is p la y tab le s, stee l s h e lv ­ in g , and p o s ts ; m a n y m is c . d is ­ p la y Item s. Pa-Co. 6459 O ld H w y, 
9o West, 673-2573, a tte r 6 533 9o98 

A K C C o c k e r S p a n ie ls , 6 w k s , b io ck-to n , s ilv e r Butt. 655-9671 

A K C C o llie M o le P u p p y 5 m o s 
5125 653 9 6 8 9 ___________________ 

A K C C O L L IE S 
S able-W hite, m ale. I 438 7281 

E o s te r P u p p ie s , A K C T o y P oo dies. 653-o322 
__________ 
C L O S E O U T on 14 c a r a t y e llo w gold genuine stone rin g s , su ita b le 
♦ o r F le a M a r k e t o r A n tiq u e 
S how s. D e a le rs O n ly . 227-3149, 
1oam to 5pm .______________________ 

E n g . S p r in g e r S p a n ie ls A K C 
P u p s , 7 w k s E o s te r. B e a u tifu l 
S ilv e r - L iv e r. H e a lth y $12$ SISO 
Ch. P e d ig re e A v a ila b le . H ouston 
713 783 7487_______________ 
F u llb lo o d e d B o rd e r C o llie P u p pies, fem ale, $35. 661-27o5________ 

B rid g e p o rt 2J v a ria b le speed m ill 
San A nto nio M a c n ine, 655-4397 
7 
MISSION 
9 
♦ 
MOBILE HOMES 
▲ 
♦ 

Exclusive Dealer fo r... 
▼ 
• lorn oco • Fleetwood 
▲ 
♦ 

• Home tie • Schul! 
™ 
• Sandpoint* 
A 

A 
SCC US FIRST 
▼ 
G 
Largo selection! 
A 
Z 
225o AUSTIN HWY. 
W 
A 
655-2894 
I 
▼ 
2922 S.W. MILITARY 
# 
▲ 
924-4424 
I 

C A S E 1969 58o t r a c t o r - t o o d e r • b a c k h o e , g oo d o p e ra tin g c o n d i­ tion, 565oo 
C A S E 1972 58oB tra c to r- lo a d e d - b a c k h o e , d ire c t d riv e tra n s m is ­ sion, e x c e lle n t co n d itio n , $11,25o 
C A S E 1972 58oB tra c to r- lo a d e r - b a c k h o e , p o w e r s h u ttle , to rq u e c o n v e rte r, e x c e lle n t c o n d itio n , 
$11,5oo 
C a ll T h o m a s M c C a b e 923 4353, 
G ira rd M a c h in e ry & S upply 3428 
R oosevelt A ve. San A n to n io 

M o vin g need to sell. T w o m o d el A , 
3 hp. D u n fta m -B u s h , lo w te m p , r e frig e r a tio n c o ils a n d b lo w e rs . 
A ls o 2 h p . c o ils a n d b lo w e r s . 
N e v e r b e e n u s e d , 59oo. fo r a ll fo u r. 8x24 M e ta l w a lk in c o o le r, 3 doors, 3 c o m p a rtm e n ts , s a c rific e , 
$75o. 2 O ld fa s h io n e d 4 le g g e d b a th tu b s , 53$. E a . I K m o d e le d 
T h e rm o K in g , fre e z e r u n it, good c o n d , f o r 14 to 16' b o d y . $35o 
C entro! h e a tin g u n it gas $4o. 1962 
In te rn a tio n a l tru c k tra c to r, ru n s good, $75o. I IO " R a d ia l a rm saw , 
5125. 227-4537._____________________ 

AKC C O L L IE S 
Ch. S ired Sables T n s 623 4511 

A K t G e rm a n S h e p h e rd , m a le 4 m os. Old. 696-8242.________________ 

D IJ O N P L A Z A , 
77o1 B R O A D W A Y , 826-1991 
THE VAN SUBSTITUTE 
LOOK BEFORE YOU 8U¥ A VAN CONVERSION! 

• Self-Contained 

* S,eeps Slx 

 i / H 
* Running Waler 

^ 
S H M • No Larger Than 

A Van* 

13o6 AUSTIN HWY, i Tj Mobile T r a v e le r 
824^3248 

T P 
18 5 

G erm a n Shepherd fe m a le I y r, a ll shcts Dog house inc 575 433-o7o5 
DON’T GAMRli, SHOR 
Randol 
GET THI BIST BUY 
YOU CAN, THEN SHOR 

R o n d o ! M a rin e 
On 1976 Close Outs. 
Free trailer, 
Free ac­ cessories, Free controls on 
’76 
Model 
Close 
Outs. 
Plus save hun­ dreds o f dollars now! 
WE BUY AND SEU 
Used Boats, Motors 
T ro ilu s 

A K C G O L D E N R E T R I E V E R 
Stud s e rv ic e . 654-o294 o fte r 5 p m. 
G erm a n S hepherd P up p ies. 7 w k s 
*35 344 1 6o7_______________ __ 
M o v in g >o L a r g e r Q u a r t e r s 
1o-25°o 
O F F 
E V E R Y T H IN G 
826-1991. 
_____________ 
A K C 
G R E A T 
D A N E 
H A R ­ 
L E Q U IN 
P U P S , 
C R O P P E D . 
648 1263. 
_____________________ 
A K C 6 r e a t D a ne p u p s , F a w n s 
SISO. T e rm s 923 6496_____________ 
A k 6 Iris h S etter, m a le I y r. Good d ispo sitio n . 55o 69o-8872___________ 

G O L D E N R E T R I E V E R , A K C 
R E G 
F o r m o re in fo rm a tio n ; 
1-426 4444___________________ ____ 

G olde n R e trie v e r P u p p ie s $125. 
A KC D a v id O oron I 775 6759 

E N G L IS H P o r ta b le B a r $35o. 
C a p ta in 's Desk $48o 
B en t W ood 
W ash S ta n d *45o 
P r a y e r C h a ir 
545 
A p ril 2 O N L Y , 117 B ry k e r, 
828 5834 
D A V IS M O D E L 3oo T r e n c h e r 
5285o. In te rn a tio n a l M o d e l 3444 
T ra c to r L o a d e r B a c k h o e i e xc. cond $595o 
T H E TO R G E R S O N CO. 
533-5145, 739 Steves_______ 

GREAT DANES 
C ham pion sired . I 755 4696 

H im a la y a n K itte n A F C , M o le Seal 
P oint, T e rm s . M a ke o G ood E a s ­ te r G ift. 222-264o._________________ 

M u ltilith o ffs e t p rin te r. M odel 85 
55oo 226 9249 
AKC Iris h S etter Pups 
M U ST S E L L 
• 
655 9195 
A l i t L a b . 3 m os. M U S T S E L L 
344-173o a fte r 5 p m.______________ 
NCR Cash R e g is te r 6 to ta l w ith tax m o i. 534-349o, 648-3358. 
A m e ric a n M o b ile & M o d u la r 
H O M E S IN SAN A N T O N IO , Inc 
922-7191 
922-o44 
D 6 C o l 
D O Z E R , h v d b la d e 
684-5446 o tte r 5pm._______________ 
R E F R IG E R A T O R S , s te a m t a ­ bles, ic e m a k e rs , m ix e rs , fry e rs , ch airs, o ven s etc 733-1292________ 
S IG N 4 'x8 w ith ifO c h a n g e a b le m a g ne tic le tte rs . F a n ta s tic 'sa le s g e tte r '. $3oo in s ta lle d . T e rm s . 
655-6462, 826-8547. 

AKC L A B R A D O R PUPS 
Ch Lines, y e llo w s-b lks. 826-3393 
K e r r y 
B lu e 
T e r r i e r p u p s , p re m iu m q u a lity . A K C L itte r. Ch sire, p oin ted dom 5275. 659-o435 

D ITC H W IT C H , I Bhp $15oo o r best o ffe r. 6 8 1 -3 1 6 9 ._______________ 
‘75 A rtc ra ft 14x7o, d o u b le in s u la t­ ed, a ll e lec. 3-2, c e n tra l a ir- heat, 
51o,ooo. 658-82o2___________________ 
AKC L ha sa Apso P uppies 
52 G R A D E R S 
I C a t a p illa r N o . 12 w ith 12 ft 
M o b o a rd . g o o d c o n d 
I A llis 
C h a lm e rs AD-3 12 ft M o b o a rd 371 
D e tro it D ie se l engine, v e ry stro ng m a ch ine , e x c e lle n t to g ra d e ra n c h roads. 5375o. 695-9218. 
__ 

L a b P u p s A K C , 2 B e a u tifu l L it ­ te rs , Y e llo w a n d B la c k , See to 
A p p re c ia te 492-9394______________ 
74 A rtc ra ft, 14x7o, w a s h e r- d ry e r, d is h w a s h e r, w e tb a r, e tc. $11,5oo. 
T a ke tra v e l tra ile r, p ic k u p , etc. In tro d e 656-6478______________ _ 

A KC M a le B lk C o c k e r S pa n iel 9 mos, $15o- p ap ers. 673-8436_______ 
L o v e ly R ed Iris h S e tte r fe m a le 
$25. 696 5382. 
_______________ __ 
4-6-8-13 T o ta l N C R C a sh R e g is ters. 534-349o, 648-3358. 
B e ry l’s M o b ile H om e C e n te r 
N E W a nd USED-651-4961 
16513 IH 35 N O R T H (S e lm a E x it) 

2 m a le A K C D o b e rm a n p u p p ie s 
Call 923 o286, 923 265o____________ 
'76 M O B IL E T r a v e le r m o t o r h o m e , 19’ j ’ lo w m i. e x c e lle n t cond. 51o,ooo. 69o-8633____________ 

S M A L L F E M A L E $25o. 654-12o2 
Used R ecord-O -F on e w ith re m o te p ic k up, 535o. 342-4459_____________ 
H o lt-G e rm a n S h e p h a rd p u p p ie s , m a le s SIS, fe m a le s $1o. 658-233o a ft. 5 a nd w k n d s _________________ 

S ailbo a ts • C anoes, la rg e s e lectio n 
N E W S a ilb o a t Shop, A u s tin 
6o4 H ig h la n d M o ll B lv d . 454-7171 
I m ale A K C re g is te re d C h ih u a h u a s h o rth o ir pup 3 m os o ld 
$75. 
674 2218___________________________ 
M a le G e rm a n S h e p h e rd P u o p v , 
H ove B oth P a re n ts 656-1359. 

WE’RE NOT LOAFING^ 
SATURDAYS 
A SUNDAYS! 
We're at lakes/coast teaching families to SAFflY enjoy new COBIAS 
* GLASSMASTEftS * RfGATAS. 
A: Get ptoof-STABU rides in 15'/? ft. to 24 ft. including 1976'/* COBIA 22 ft 
351 V8 ford OMC flybridae 
UPPER controls, standup SHOWER, galley, tandem trailer, BRAKES, 32 meter-hours, steal SI2,7oo (compare w/others $2o,ooo). Just sold 1975 demo 158 hours. See '76, '77 demos 
35 lo 68 meter-hours. 
B: All NEW, oil 77: S3663 gets 
EVINRUDE 75 hp on all HANDILY- 
UP fiberglass SAFE, sensible plain bossboat, 3 podded swivei-sects, HD trailer; or $3193 w/55 hp, S2863 35 hp, alternator etc. 
C: Arrives mid-April; COBIAS: 24 ft. 
351 V8, 22 ft. 3o2 V8, 21 ft. 153 
CHEVY. GM ultra^-PERFORMANCE bassboats thru research/perfection, not copy-molds. WE ordered ot final winter-deols; layaway cinches SS. 
o; RICHLINE alum, boots SI 59 up. 
E Meet or beat EVINRUDE deals. 
USED: 73 Mercury 65 hp, 16 ft. 
Walk thru, owner, $185o. OTHERS, 
Bank Rates. No Dealer Cut. 

Used Sweden tw in head soft se rve ice cre a m m a ch in e . E x c e l, cond. 
732-52oo b e fo re 1oam 

■72 M odel 27' W ln n e a b a g o C hief- tan, low m ile a g e . R eady to go. 
342-5446_______________________ 

PUPS, 7 w ks » 626-2719 
I n t e r n a t io n o l T D 1 5 -B S e r ia l 
No 25565, L a te 7o m o d e l, p o w e r s h ift h y d r a u lic d o z e r w ith l i l t c y lin d e r, a nd ROPS C A B E x c e l le n t u n d e r c a r r ia g e , c o m p le te d e a le r m o to r o v e rh a u l a nd n ew tra n s m is s io n . 
522,5oo c a ll 
512 3 58 1949 
__________ 

16 Silver Line 
19/4 M o d e l, U 5 h p M e rc u ry , D illy 
T r a ile r . 653-1277 a fte r 5 :1 5 , A ll 
D ay Sot, Sun.______________________ 

M o b ile h om e site, fro m $25 to 545 p e r m o n th , lo w d ow n, s h o rt d riv e to tow n. H ill C o u n try . 494-3419 o r 
342-18o8. 
L A K E C R O F T 
R E A L 
E S T A T E 
_ _ _ _ _ _ _ 

A K C N o rw e g ia n E lk h o u n d P up 
Pies. 684 2272._____________________ 
M O TO R H O M E L E A S E C L U B 
L im ite d M e m b e r s h ip , u p to 5 w e e k s u s e p e r y e o r . J125 p e r w e ek 27' L u x u r y M o to r H o m e , 
822-o859 o r 826-4891 nites._________ 

A KC N o rw e g ia n E lk h o u n d P ups, 
Ch. B lo o d lin e E x c . W a tc h d o g s , shots, w o rm e d 344 171o.__________ 
MIN. SCHNAUZER 
E a rs C ropped, A ll Shots, 341-1857 
B y O w n e r: '73 S o u th w ln d 16x6o, u n fu rn is h e d , 2 b e d ro o m , I b a th , a ll a p p lia n c e s , used o n ly I y e a r, 
57ooo. 696-9o46____________________ 

4 mo G e rm a n S he p he rd fo r sole 
6332821_____________ 
C & S LUMBER 
COMPANY 
SPRING SPECIALS 
Kiln dried—Neo Brite 
2*4 8-14' No. 2 TP 
164 lf. 
2x6-8-14' No. 2 TP 
.. 24( 
2x4-8-14' No. I TP 
18< 
2x6 8-14’ No. I TP 
264 
2x8 8-14'No. 2 TP 
3U 
2x6 8-14' No. I TP 
34< 
BARGAIN HUNTERS 
SPECIAL 
, 
2x4 ptecul KO fir studs 
79« 
2x4 precut KO TP studs 
79* 
2x4 1o-16 KO fir ll* 
2x6 1o-16'KD fir 
15« 
4x8 VS" CDK DFP* 
$6.99 
4x8 
7/16 
R.B.&B embossed hdboord sdg. Bnned A grade 
$9.95 
CASH A URRY 
WHILE STOCK LASTS 
C & S LUMBER 
COMPANY 
4647 ROOSEVELT 
(512) 924-8556 

A K C Red D o b e rm a n s 
655-3149 
M o lo rh o m e R e n ta l: Sleeps 4 *14o week glue IOC m ile . 655-2252______ 
1977 T a y lo r SS J e t 454 C h e v y 
B e r k le y P u m p , N u tm e g M e ta l 
F la k e d W ith T o n In te rio r. S p o rt 
W in d s h ie ld , S w im P la t f o r m , 
M a tc h e d C ustom T ra ile r $7o95. 
O P E N SAT SUN T IL L 6 

L o r g e C o m m e r c ia l S a n d b la s t ca bin e t, 52oo, best o ffe r 1-42o-2o56 
P E K IN G E S E A K C P up s $95 up 
W ill hold to r E a s te r. 732 6618 
A KC R E G B ritta n y S paniel P ups, fem ale 565 824 3327 
MO TO R H O M E R E N T A L S : F u lly self co n ta in e d . R ates by d a y o r week-653-41o8____________ _ 

D a m a g e d 14x4o W o o d C o tta g e , 
T e rm s , Fee D el 732-5171 ________ 
197o m o d e l 6oo M e lro w e B o b c a t w ith o u t tra ile r. 341-8291.__________ 
N e w M a x -T u rn I4 " x 4 o " e n g in e lathe. 
San n to n io 
M a c h in e , 
6S5-4397.________________________ 

A KC Reg. G olden R e trie v e r P ud pies $125 654-8727.________________ 
P O O D LE S A K C M IN 
ALSO 
T IN Y 
C H IH U A H U A S 
627 2768. 
_ 

D eluxe tra ile r, 3 b e d ro o m , 2 b a th , 
52,5 oo d o w n a n d t a k e u p p a y m e n ts , 681-o5o1________________ 
72 O P E N R O A D M o to r H om e, 2o', 
D odge C h a s s is , E x c e lle n t co nd ! lion. Ta ke tra d e . 828-o383_________ 

AKC Reg. L a b ra d o r P up p y 9 w ks, 
55o 342 2887. 
____________ 
R epo m u s t sell 8x12, 1ox1o 8x16 slo rg . b u ild g . del te rm s 924-o32o 
Special p ric e 12x24 o ffic e m ason de s id in g fin is h , te rm s , del. 
684-1236._______________ ___________ 

R e g. D o b e rm a n P in s c h e rs t o r sole. 532 4653________________ __ 
A KC Reg. P ekingese F e m a le P up 
512o 824 3 3 2 7 ____________________ 
L ake M cQ u ee n ey, 512-557-6622 
No. 3 C in c in n a ti h o riz o n ta l m illin g j m a c h in e . San A n to n io M a c h in e 
C om pany. 655-4397. 
, Set of 671 G M D ie s e l tw in s k id 
; m ounted w ith new ra d ia to rs and i heavy d u ty g e a r box W 7 . 
671 and 471 G M D ie s e l e n g in e s 
, s k id m o u n te d w ith tra n s m is s io n o r P T O 
C o n ta c t: B E C K A IN 
D U S T R IA L E N G IN E S E R V IC E , 
I 431 M C C A M P B E L L , C O R P U S 
C H R IS T I, TX 784o8. S12-882-S8oI, 
I 512-882 8o86._______________________ 
I "T E L S T A " 4o' a e ria l b u c k e t Cost 
I $1o,ooo. F ir s t *3,ooo cash 
L o b o y axles, b ro k e s SIPP 484-38oo_______ 

DACBERT’S 
ANNUAL 
SPRING SALE 

R A H M B E R G R V C E N T E R 
E x c lu s iv e D e a le r fo r: C h am pion , 
T ita n , L if e t im e M o to r H o m e s , 
M in i M o to r H om es 
7271 A U S T IN H W Y 
655-o251 

16' S k y lin e V -h a u l fib e rg la s s b oa t, 
6ohp E v in ru d e w ith t i l t t r a ile r . 
Seats 6 a d u lts , m a n y e x tra s . N ew cond 516oo. 927-3657_______________ 

Reg. S ealpoint S iam ese K itte n s 8 w ks 54o eo 653 o549 
____________ 
R eg 
T o y P o o d le s $75, U n R e g 
Toy P oodles 54o 649 2821_________ 

A K C S ho w Q u a lity D o b e rm a n 
Pups l l w ks, ears cro p p e d , Red- 
Tan, B lk Ton 922 17oo; 924-6326 

L o rg e H ill C o u n try S ite, m o b ile s ! 
O K . E a s y te r m s . 494 -3 41 9 o r I 
342 18o8. 
L A K E C R O F T 
R E A L | 
E S T A T E .___________________________ i 
Used S to ra g e B ld g 
12x24, 1ox12 te rm s fre e del. 653-8111___________ 
AKC T o y P oodle p up pies. Shots, w o rm e d , gro om e d . 575. 699-o353 
AKC Y o rk ie Pups, Stud S e rv ic e 
735-6851, 734-273o________ 

S P Y D E R 
O ne 17ft. D e m o , 85hp M e rc u ry , t r a i l e r , $35oo. O n e 1 7 ft. u s e d 
S p o rts c ra ff w ith tro lle r, 516oo. , 
6618 R a nd o lp h B lv d ., 654-o38o 
D IS C O U N T B O A T S A L E S 

■76 S ou thw ind m o to r hom e 25’ lo w m ile a g e , in w a r r a n ty . 494-7288 o tte r 3, a ll d a y S ot.-Sun.__________ 

U s e d 
12x32 
G a r a g e , 
F r e e 
D e liv e ry , T e rm s , 924-5oo3.________ 
F U R N IS H E D 12x6o. T h re e be d r o o m s , 
1*2 b a th s . 
E x t r a s 
927-5769 a fte r 5.3o and w eekends. 

S H E L T IE S • G ro w n Stock 
648 1179 
Mini Xtylau inHrt Stall of 

Thomas 8 Kimball Organs gt VS 
OFF—we need room for new shipment. 4o organs to choose from, VS off on oil models. 
PIANO SALE 
CONTINUES a t 2 o% Discount 

Organs and Pionoi Rented 
Option To Buy. 
Shop Us Now I Saveli 
DACBERT’S 
5235 Wolzem Rd. 
654 6661 
14oo Nogolitos 
223-6151 

•S IA M E S E * 
74 U T O P IA M o to r h om e. 29 ft, 
Mood c o n d itio n . L o w m ile a g e , 4 
Seasons, N o. 2o3, Z opoto, Tx. 
C F A K IT T E N S 
A KC Y O R K IE S 
Q u a lity 3 m o, m ole, fem . 824-4327 
^ T n 7 f T H j ^ ^ u e e iT Y ! z ^ > o 7 o 
Bed, 2 m a tc h in g c h a irs , c o c k ta il tab le a nd end tab le s, 5195. V e lv e t cooch, $1oo. Love Seat $75. C h a irs 
$5o. A s s o rte d c o lo rs . C h ro m e and 
G lass T a bles $15. each. A ll W ood b e d ro o m s e ts . D in e tt e s . C a n 
D e liv e r S M IT H C O N S T R U C T IO N 
349-4127. 
8515 
B. 
S peedw ay, 
T e rm s. 
_______________________ 

Staffordshire Terrier Pups 
AKC Reg Ch. B lo o d lin e . D o m and 
S ire by Ch. R u ffia n s H a rp e r. *15o to *3oo 
M u s t h a v e re fe re n c e s . 
COH R o b e rt S m ith 732-2288 

68 S te o rn c ra ft 17’ , I O, T ri-H u ll, 
12o M e r c r u iz e r , G a le , T r a ile r 
Less th a n 3o h rs c a re fu l o p e ra tio n 
53ooo F irm . 223-8738 o ft 5pm . 

W ant To B u y M o to r H om e. A n y 
M ake 
A n y 
M o d el. 
658-7641. 
656-7119______________________ 

F o r used m o b ile hom es 

P ro ce e d s to the A n im a l D e fen se 
League. C o ll fo r in fo rm a tio n 9om to 6pm . 922-44o4. 

'73 W inn eb a go 27' C h ie fta n M o to r 
Hom e 
E x c e lle n t c o n d itio n , fu lly e q u ip p e d . M ic h e lin t ir e s , lo w m ile a g e . S ee to a p p r e c ia t e ! 
B oerne: 1-537-4374.________________ 

Super m o to r guide, tro llin g m o to r. 
12-v w ith a ll c o n tro ls . E x c e lle n t c o n d itio n 517S. 826-9551___________ 

T CUP P O O D LE S and T in y Toys. 
A KC *175 *2oo. JO N E S P O O D L E 
SHOP, Seguin, I 379 OOI 2_________ 
N ew -U sed, 114oo IH 35N. 655-o471 
A m e ric a n F ie ld T r ia l Ch lin e 
E ng, s e tte rs $75. 826-7788 
1965 J o h n D e e re M o d e l 2o1o, ’ » yd. b u c k e t, 4 c y lin d e r gas engine. 
5325o. 695 9218____________________ 

1972 T e rry -B a s s , 6o hp. Johnson, loaded. M a g ic tilt tra ile r. 653-8158 
A fte r 6._____________________ _ 

Toy P oodle P uppies, A p ric o t $1oo, 
S ilv e r $75, A K C AAI 294o._________ 
B a rg a in G e rm a n S h e p h e rd P up p ie s , 
A K C 
R e g . 
P e d ig r e e s 
224-1172, 828-4252. 

1974 W inn eb a go M in i H om e, 23 ft. 
69o-9399 o r 696-2o61 
2-3 or 4 b e d ro o m u n it, h ig h ly im p ro v e d , fe n c e d , la rg e tre e s , IS y e a r te rm s . IO m in u te s n o rth w e s t on IH IO. 698-21o7 
B IL L P R IC E R E A L T Y 

D IS P L A Y E D B u t N e v e r U s e d . 
C o m p le te H o u s e fu l F u r n it u r e . 
W ill T ra d e fo r E q u a l V alue . A ll o r 
Some. Can D e liv e r. S M IT H CON 
S T R U C T IO N 3 4 9 -4 1 2 7 . 851S B 
S peedw ay, T e rm s ______________ 

U n u s u a l F e e k -A -P o o pup, m a le , 
$6o C o ll 824-3327._________________ 
T ra c to r s , L o a d e rs , S h re d d e rs , 
D u m p T ru c k s , T r a ile r s , M is c . 
E quip. 
6218 
R a n d o lp h 
B lvd . 
656-o527___________________________ 

W ant To B uy A B u lld o z e r 36A, D B 
In Good C ondition. 734-844o.______ 

18' T h u n d e rb ird , 12ohp, I O G alv 
T ra ile r 655-2o54_________________ 
8o4-BOATS. MOTORS 

J BERTRAM YACHTS * 
^ For Immediate Delivery + 
* 
NEW BERTRAMS, 
J 
J 
42’, 28’, & 31’ 
J 
> 
USED BERTRAMS 
* 

* 
J 
31‘ 197o Flybridge Cruiser, twin ♦ 
4* 325 
HP 
Marauder, 
Inboard 4" 
* Engines, Bimini Top, sun owning, J 
^ VHF radio, gin pole, outriggers & T 
J much more. A steol of $27,9oo. 
^ 

* 35' Flybridge Convertible, twin J 
*225 HP Diesels, air, generator, 3 
J outriggers, fighting choir, Bimini ^ 
^Top, with wind screen. Depth ^ j recorder, loran CB & VHF rodio. A j$- real bargain $68,5oo. 
*- 
J 
GUIf COAST MARINE 
J 
+ 
“Texas Largest Bertram 
TF 
+ 
Dealer" j 
J Call: BILL HOLMES J 

4 
5 1 2 -8 8 8 -8 2 o 6 
* 

B e a u tifu l P e k -A -P o o P u p p ie s 4 w ks *5o 655 $697. 
BARBERA SPORTS 
323 Broadway or 4th PARK FREE 
5o marine years in S.A. 227-2112 
9-6 p.m. Thurs. Wile 9 p.m. Closed Sot. 

W A N T AN A K C DOG? 
S A. Dog B re e d e rs R e fe rra l S e r­ vice w ill a uf you m tou ch w ith a n e a r b y r e p u t a b le b r e e d e r . 
494 7787. 673 46o3 

72 18 
T r i H u ll IOO hp Jo h n so n , 
F old D ow n Top, S h o re lin e tra ile r. 
W alk T h ro u g h w in d s h ie ld , e x c e l­ le nt c o n d itio n , 
494-6446 or 
349-8o21.__________________ _ 

M O B IL E H O M E O W N E R S 
N eed a little e x tra cash? 
W E buy M o b ile H om e T ire s a nd 
W heels 51o. E ach . B rin g in o r we p ic k up 
S U N S E T M O B IL E H O M E S 
2762 S .W .M IL IT A R Y DR 
________922-o54o________ 

B o rd e r C o llie P uppies 
D IS P L A Y E D F u rn itu re , B ro y h lll, 
Lane, B assett, S erta , T h o m a s v ille and o th e r nam e b ra n d s . A v a ila b le a t S M IT H C O N S T R U C T IO N 
P lease C om e M a ke an O ffe r on a ll o r o ne p ie c e . 3 49-4127. 851S B 
S peedw ay, T e rm s_________________ 

B O R D E R C O L L IE P up s A R F 
Req Stud S ervice. 649-1224.______ 
W hite G e rm a n S he p he rd P u p p ie s 
S35 eg. No p a p e rs 342-5446_______ 
1976 IO ’ T r i - h u ll S p o r t b o a t tra ile r, m o to r, 518oo. 222-1614. 
1962 In te rn a tio n a l 17oo series 2ooo g a llo n c a p a c ity S325o. A lso has sp ra y b a r. 695-9218. 
________ 

B U L L D O G P U P P IE S 
55o eg 661 2552 
W h o le sa le C lo s e o u t G re a t D a ne 
P uppies. B la ck or B lue, M id size 
Dogs, fu ll g ro w n dogs Up to 525o o ff 1-438-2492. 
___________________ 

•75 2o' T R I -S O N I C R I V IE R A , 
1 88 H P 
S te rn d r iv e . 
25 h r s . 
H e a v y d u ty tr a ile r a n d co m p ass 
N ew co n d itio n . 
565oo 
661-7625 
658-o441__________________ 

DITTMAR LUMBER 
5oo SEGUIN • 226-3141 

Genuine Strong Born Corrug. Iron lengths to 2o.......... $24.95 sq. 
1x12 Rough cedar 
554 tin. ft. 

Railroad lies 
$4.95 ea. 
Asbestos Siding 
$27.95 sq. 
Oak Whiskey barrels ..$14 95 eo. 
24o lh. S/D rig., colors $14.95 sq. 
IS lh felt, 4 sq. r o l l $7,29 roll 
Insulation 3V ?" 
9 V* 4 sq. ft. 
Insulation 6" 
164 sq. ft. 
THS M O N E Y SAVER 
THE M O N EY SAVER 
MasterCharqe 
BonkAmericard 
Where ton Buys at Wholesale 

CHOC. P O IN T S IA M E S E 
6 w ks, box tro ln 432-6767 
D IS P L A Y a t STO NE M A R IN E 
724o B andera R oad 
D e a le r. Je w ett S ervices, 342-8778 
E A R L Y A m e ric a n B e d ro o m Set, in c lu d e s T rip le D re s s e r, H u tc h , 
M irro r, C hest, N ig h t S tand, Bed and F o u n d a tio n . 525o. D is p la y e d 
O n ly 
C a n 
D e liv e r . 
S M IT H 
C O N S T R U C T IO N 
349-4127. 8515 
B S peedw ay, T e rm s ______________ 
E X T R A F ir m O rth o p e d ic K ln jT size M a ttre s s , 2 B ox S p rin g s in 
F o u n d a tio n , $75. S till In O rig in a l 
P a cka g e . O the r S izes Cost Less. 
C o n 
D e liv e r . 
S M IT H 
C O N S T R U C T IO N . 349-4127. 8515 
B S peedw ay, 
F U R N IT U R E F O R R E N T A L 
P R O P E R T Y : 7 -p ie c e d in e tte , 
549.9$. V in y l couch a n d io vese a t, 
$189.95. 
Fawcett Furniture 
416 D o lo ro sa, 227-6512 

'7 3 M o d e l 1 2x6 o, 2 b r , I 'a b a lh , c e n t, a -h , e x c . in - o u t, in C o z y 
Cove P k. $499o 656-1818___________ 

C o cker M ix P uppies fo r sale 
656 23o7 
2 y r old D o b e rm a n e a rs cro p p e d , 
623-468o o fte r 6 3o p rn.___________ 
H obie 16’ Cat. 2 sets sa ils, tr a ile r a n d a ll e x tra e q u ip m e n t. 4-8pm 
341-o156.___________________________ 

1976 V e n tu re 21 ft sa il b o a t, ra c e e q u ip p e d c o m p le te w ith tr a ile r , m a n y e x tra s , 6HP E v in ru d e , m in t c o n d itio n $4,8oo C all 512 689-2986 a fte r 6pm _________________________ 

‘ 71 N E W M O O N , 1 4 x 6 o ' 2 b e - d ro o m , a ir h e a l c a rp e te d . 681-1373 
AUCTION 
N E W 14x6o, 2 b e d ro o m 
D e liv e re d and T ie d d o w n $935o. 
J 8, R M O B IL E H O M E S 
114oo IH 
35 
N. 
655 o471 
T a k e W e id n e r R d. e x it______ 

L e t M e Be Y o u r P e rs o n a l in s u r ­ a n c e A g e n t 
A u to . H o m e , L ife . 
C all John A u d itio n 732-9741 8-5pm 
L a k e M cQ ueeney, 512-557-6622 
Open E v e ry d a y e xcep t M o n da y 
W A N T E D : 24' S E A R A Y 
T w in E n g in e 494-5313 
75 M o d e l L H . C ub L o w B o v 185 w ith tw in d is c and p low . L ik e new 
635 8487 
_________________________ 
I65hp OMC s te rn d riv e , co m p le te , le s s th a n 45 h rs . ru n n in g tim e . 
P u lle d o u t a n d re p la c e d w ith la rg e r unit, $195o. 
T E X -A L L Boat, 222-9628 

M A G IC S P E C IA L ’ > p ric e m a s sage 734-8253. 3419 B la n co M a g ic 
M assage______________ ____________ 

W e s tS a il 32 1975. S e n ib ly F o u n d fo r E x te n d e d C ru is in g , E x c e lle n t 
C o nd itio n , $49,5oo 1-512-853 oo15. 
N e w a n d U s e d T r a c t o r s a n d 
E q u ip m e n t. D O D G E N E Q U IP 
M E N T 
CO., 
8223 
S. 
P re s a , 
532-4151.___________________________ 

F o r a lm o s t a n a c r e ! M o b ile 
Hom es site N o rth 
T e rm s to suit 
494-3419, 342-18o8 L A K E C R O F T 
R E A L E S T A T E .___________________ 
16' In v a d e r w a lk t h r o u g h , 76 
Johnson US, T ilt tra ile r, tro t m o ­ to r, good co nd itio n, p ric e d to sell. 
653-5521.___________________________ 

M A S S E U S E 
W A N T E D 
*2oo 53oo. W e e k ly . E x p e rie n c e d n o t n e c e s s a r y 
7 3 2 -3 3 6 1 . 4218 
B la n co T o ko yo House.____________ 

B r o w n in g O -U S h o tg u n . S & W m odel 
29. 
C o n te n d e r p is to l 
658-7242____________________________ 

3 p oin t hook up Seed and fe r tiliz e r sp re a d e r. N e v e r been used. $33S. 
633-8688_________________________ 
1974 S p a rfo n . 14x7o, c e n tra l a ir , heat. A s s u m e p a y m e n ts . A n d o r l ' i a c re lo t, o il u tilitie s , e q u ity a nd assum e. 626-1oo1._____________ 
R O C K P IC K E R , h y d r a u lic co n- tro i lift 23o1 N o gg in g s, 534 6711 
S E V E R A L Used W m d ro w e rs and 
Heston 
S ta ckh an d s. 
P ric e d to 
Sell. 
T H E TO R G E R S O N CO. 
533-5145, 739 Stoves________ 

M T 
O L Y M P U S S P E C I A L ! 'z 
P ric e m a ssa g e 
F re e W h irlp o o l. 
A sk fo r D onna. E s c o rt a v a ila b le 
349 897) 1935 L o M a n d o ___________ 

K a ro tk in s D o w n to w n T h rift 
B ase m e nt, N ew -used fu rn itu re 
231 E .C o m m e rce , 227-6361 
L A C K ’S D isco u nt W a re h ou se 
Used F u rn itu re a nd A p p lia n c e s 
C O L IS E U M D R . 
225-7444 

1975 S u n flo w e r, p a rk m o d e l, 8x35. 
S uperb co n d itio n . P u rc h a s e d new 
16 m os a go . P e rfe c t fo r h o m e , o ffic e , o r la ke. 53995. S e rio u s in- q u lrie s o n ly . 533-72o5._____________ 
LUMBER BARGAINS latex Wall Paint 
$3.5o 
2x4 Ho. 3 Select studs ... S9* 
24o lh SeoMoen shinges SI 3.95 
4«8 
(DX Plywood 
$6-99 
4x8 J« plywood 
SJIO.Y* 
?4x?4 Aluminum Window $1o.3o 
ALUMINUM PATIO DooR5 
6 fool 
$89 

- -CASH AND CARRY,” 
BARNES LUMBER CO. 

12o7 f. Durango 
533-5115 

P ric e , Shop, C o m p a re S till te a t a r in g 1977 M a s s a g e s a t 1973 
P ric e s ! Com e m e e t o u r B e a u tifu l 
New "M e c h a n ic s ” . 492-2oo1 

NAVARRO PIANO COT 
BABY GRAND PIANO 
SALE 
CHICKERING BABY GRANO 
UK! NEW, BAIDWIN BABY. 
GRAND UKE NEW, KNABE 
BABY GUND UKE NEW, 
SPINET STYLI PIANO UKE 

' • • E f t__ 
DUO-ART PU YER PIANO 
REASONABLE 
Shop With Us and Save 

S T E E L 
B U I L D IN G S , 
F a r m , 
R a n c h E q u ip 
H a y a n d H o rs e 
B o rn s. P ip e P ens. 337-6931 d a y s o r n ite s .___________________________ 

M E D IT E R R A N E A N K in g s iz e B e­ d ro o m Suite. 7 piece. Can D e liv e r. 
*175 
S M IT H 
C O N S T R U C T IO N , 
349-4127.__________________________ 
USED DOUBLE W ID E 
24x54 M a g n o lia , 3 b e d ro o m , w 2 baths, v e ry n ice. 
*9995. 
W ill fin a n c e 
V A IL S T R A IL E R S A LE S 
3421 N O G A L IT Q S ________ 924-6666 
14 A D V A N C E D A Y S A IL O R , E x - 
; ce d e n t c o n d itio n , s p acio u s c o c k ­ p it, tro tte r, c o v e r, and a c c e s s o r- les. 589 5 534-o352 ; 226-52o5 
16' B a s s B o a t, d e p th f in d e r , 
: tro llin g m o to r, s w iv e l se ats, a n ­ ch or re in , d riv e o n tra ile r, $18oo. 
1-772-3175. 
______________ 
18' B onanza 155hp, in and out. on tan d em tra ile r, fu lly e qu ip !. 53995, o r best o ffe r 655-4519. 

■76 C h r y s le r S a ilb o a t S e a ls 3 adu lts, g a lv . tra ile r, used 4 tim e s cost $16oo, s a c rific e $995. 736-34o9. 

C L A S S IC 
O F F - S H O R E , 
2 1 ’ 
Th om pso n m a h o g a n y b oat in the tra d itio n a l to u c h . A m a s te rp ie c e ot lo st c ra fts m a n s h ip . E x c e lle n t c o n d itio n w ith e x tro s b eyo nd th e u s u a l. C o m p le te ly e q u ip p e d f o r the e x p e rt a n d o r n o v ic e fis h e r- m an fo r dee p sea e n jo y m e n t. 36 
G u a d a C o m a d rm E a s t, N e w 
B ra u n fe ls , 7813o. I 625-4995 

C O R V A IR A ir B ool, 16’ M o n a rc h 
C o n tin e n ta l P .E .-1 5 o A ir b o a t engine 
C anoe tro lle r holds 
6- 
4V2-2556 ___________ 
- 
74 15’ C rew s C ra ft, tri-h u ll, w a lk th ro u g h w in d s h ie ld , 5oHP M e re . I engine, app 
3o hrs. D illy tra ile r. 
5215o 674-47o1 
I 
F a n ta s lic T u n n e l hull G lo sle c s k i | boat, tru e SGmph, only IO h rs . on la c. p re p . 15o XKSS. Super econ- , o m y , s u p e r p e rfo rm a n c e , b e a u - ! t i f u I 
B o a t c o v e r a n d c u s to m i tra ile r in c lu d e d . 56ooo. C all a fte r ! 
5pm, 681-2367. j 
F IS H E R M A N S 
D R E A M ! 
'7 5 
S E A R A Y A m b e riac k, 21'. C enter console, ISO Hp. M ere. outboard m otor. C ustom drive-on tr a ile r . a ll extras. $68oo. 432-1o48_________ _ 
F o r s ale by o w n e r, 1972 A q u a 
S p o rt, ! 9 V i\ U S H P E v in r u d e 
Motor w ith pow er lift, galvanized tr a ile r , used 132 h o u rs , $55oo, 
M o n d o v-F rld a v , 8 om-5 pm , office 
824-2358. 
______________ 
16F t. B oat 35Hor$e m otor, b o o f needs little w ork, off.6- 923-7426 
1973-18 ll G oblaf, fib e rg la s s ie t boat w ith 245 hp Cheverolet C o r­ vette e n g in e w ith less th a n 2oo h o u rs . 1974 d u a l w h e e l D i l l y tr a ile r . Both in 
“ 
J * ** hon. $53oo. 512-569-3873, 569-2876 
16H. fishing boot, 3Shp m otor, big w heel tr a ile r . $25o. C all a fte r 5 w eedkovs, 494-3854 
2oft. G lastron Oeep-Vee, l-O, w ell cared fo r. Custom driveon tra ile r- 
$395o. 6 5 6 - 2 1 4 6 . _____________ l«ft. S tarfish Sailboat, $595 
TE X -A LL BOOL 222-9628 

1974 18ft. T a h iti J ef, 455 O ld s , custom tra ile r, $4)95 or best o ffer. 
661 2586 evenings._________________ 
16 G a la x y ‘75, 85hp M e rc u ry , T r i 
H u ll, A ll E q u ip . $2895. 653-5641. 
76 G lastron Tri-haul, IO hp E v in ­ rude, tra ile r, plus e x tra s . 
684-3587.________________________ _ 
2o' H ig g s c r a ft , 2oo E v in r u d e , drive on tra ile r. *4795 434-9836 
433-6675 
___________ _ 

I 
' M f N U M B H i I O C A II 
IS 225 1666 t X PRESS AND NEWS 

A M E R IC A N L O A N CO b u v -s e ll-tra d e a n y th in g of v a lu e 
1624 E. C o m m e rc e _______ 
W A N T E D !!! 
U S E D M O B IL E H O M E S 
CASH FA S T S E R V IC E 
M R . M IL E S 924-4231 
M ost M assages. 1opm to 4am . The 
L ate N ite P la ce lo be th is W e e k! 
P A R IS -R U B B , 492 2994___________ 
WE T A K E T R A D E IN S , W E 
B U Y U S E D M O B IL E H O M E S 
C A L L : M A X ______________924-421 
R o o m m a te n e e d e d to s h a r e a p a rtm e n t? 344 1516______________ 

1ox57 3 b e d ro o m I b a th , 1ox2o p atio c o v e r, a ir, v e ry good co nd i- tlon. B est oH er. 656-7425___________ 

E S T A B L IS H E D 19o4 
W E B U Y & S E L L 
D IA M O N D S 
P L A T IN U M 
G O LD 
S IL V E R 
A P P R A IS A L S 
M A D E 
O N 
J E W E L R Y » F O R IN S U R A N C E 
P U R P O SE S A N D E S T A T E S 
325 A L A M O P L A Z A 
226-1424 

A C M E L U M B E R A S U P P L Y 
1oo1 A ustin St., 226-1437 
U n iv e rs a l C ity , 658-6331 
NAVARRO 
PIANO CO. 
1 7 o 2 N . COLORADO 
734-6463 

A K R has m e m b e rs in 5an A n to n io a re a . E s ta b lis h e d , re s p e c ta b le in tro d u c tio n c lu b M eet o th e r sin c e re s in g le s lo c a lly 
$1o oo In ­ tro d u c to ry o ffe r. A K R S elect S in ­ gles, Box 8571, C o rp us C h ris ti, T x 
78412.______________________________ 

14x7o, 3 b e d ro o m , 2 b a th , u n fu r- pished. 494-6714 o fte r 5 p m . 
A L A M O E N T E R P R IS E S 
HAS E V E R Y T H IN G 
TO B U IL D A N Y T H IN G 
D a m a ge d p o rt b ld g . 8x1o, 1ox12, term s, fre e del. 653-8111__________ 
D a m a g e d 1ox12 S to ra g e B ld g . 
F ree D e liv e ry , T e rm s . 924-5oo3 

7 o x1 4 , 2 b e d ro o m , I b a th , a p p lla n ce s, den and b a r. $15oo equi- tv . 924-9156 o ffe r 2 p in 
___ ___ 
1ox55 M O B IL E H O M E , 2 b e d ro o m , b ath . 69o 9512 
S ingles 18 8o Y rs D a tin g 
By M a tc h m a k e r Inc 
1259 Ja ckson K e lle r S uite 2o5 
E x e c u tiv e C e n te r 344-1115 

24 HR W E D D IN G S E R V IC E 
B y a p p o in tm e n t. 344-1212 
N E E D H E L P ? W a n t to ta lk it out? 
W rite , M r 
L is te n e r 
P R IV A T E , 
C O N F ID E N T IA L , U D E RST A N D 
IN G . G et it o ff y o u r chest. Send n am e, telep ho n e no., a nd tim e to c a ll fo r a p p o in tm e n t to M r L is ­ te n e r, PO Box 32591, Son A nto nio, 
T x 78216. M in im u m ra te s , $5o p e r h r __________________________ _ 

14x6Q N E W , 2 b e d ro o m _ 
112 b ath tu rn . $V5oo. 
W e d is c o u n t fo r C a sh ! 
R E D R IV E R M o b ile H om es 
2418 A U S T IN H W Y 
653 9751 

'76 S inger Golden T o uch and Sew repo. L ik e new. Does e v e ry th in g 
Take o v e r 12 p a y m e n ts of $14 p e r m onth. F re e h om e tr ia l! 924-35o5 

S P R IN G S P E C I A L ! j P r ic e 
M assage F re e S auna and W h irl pool. 732-3361 T o k o y o H ouse, 4218 
B lanco.___________________ _ 

N ew S cre en D o o rs . $12.5o, G ood 
U se d W in d o w s , 37x 58, 3 2 x 6 2 , 
32x78. $7.5o - Up. W ind ow s B lin d . 
31o3 W. C o m m e rce . 
M O F F E T T L U M B E R CO 
W holesale - R e ta il 
"D e p e n d a b le S ince 1935" 
4o7 N. Z a rz o m o ro . 432-7881 

W e buy and sell E a s te r B unnies, 
D u c k lin g s a nd C o lo re d C h ic k s . 
735-6851, 734-273o. 
18 8o Y E A R S 
ESC O R TS A L L O CCASIO NS 
Be one o r h ave one 
344 111* 344-1125 
912 FLM MARKETS 
M odel 29 44 M a g . 8J« in ch b o rre l, 
N ew . 696-729o a fte r Spm__________ 
R E T IR E IN L U X U R Y 
Houseboat, 34’N a uta L in e fib e r g ­ la s s , s le e p s 8, s ta te ro o m , s u n - d e c k , n y lo n c a r p e t , s h o w e r , ra n g e , r e f r ig e r a t o r , s e lf c o n ­ ta in e d , 215H P M e r c r u is e r , in ­ b o a rd o u td riv e , id e a l f o r r e t ir ­ e m e n t, e x tra in c o m e . E x c e lle n t co nd itio n. S a c rific e 516,ooo. B an k w ill fin a n c e w ith I * d o w n . C a ll 
I 749-6914, 
(P o rt 
A ra n s a s ) fo r a p p t______________________________ 

M o b ile h o m e o r h o u s e , h o rs e s , c o w s a n d c h ic k e n s . W a te r a n d 
E le c tr ic ity a v a ila b le O w n e r fin a n c e d , 55o D o w n , $25 M o . J IM 
L E E R , 684 3o44.___________________ 

W o u ld y o u lik e to jo in us so m e e ve n in g fo r a g am e of T e xas 42? 
C all 923-6192 A sk to r C u rtis o r 
D o ris ______________________________ 

E le v a tin g 8 yd p u ll ty p e s c ra p e r, need som e re p a irs 538-2o55______ 
O ve r 1ooo G uns to choose fro m 
B U Y — S E L L — T R A D E 
A m e ric a n Loan, 227-8572 
D o n 't Miss Tho 
ORAND O PINING Off 
THI DOUBLE “ M ” 
R IA MARKET 
APRIL 2 A 3 
Delta 
Dixies and 
The 
Jokers Wild appearance 
Saturday and Sunday 

Toke Hw y. 4 6 E- Out of 
N ew Braunfels Go 3 Miles 
Ta Clear Springs Stere. 
I- 6 2 9 - 2 2 8 5 . 

12o b ass p ia n o a c c o rd io n , b e a u ­ t if u l b lu e a n d iv o r y p e o r l, 3 changes, case in c lu d e d . E x c e lle n t co n d itio n . $35o F IR M . 8o6 K a y to n 
534-1577. 

B e a u tifu l W u r lit z e r o r g a n , 28 base, ke y s fo r rh y th m , b ra s s , a ll in s tru m e n t. In c lu d in g B e ll a n d 
H o w e ll c a s s e tte p la y e r p iu s r e c o r d e r , t h a t w o r k s . P la y s b e a u tifu lly . R e c e n tly tuned. $6oo. 
8o6 K o y to n . 534-1 $77______________ 

C R IT C H E T T P IA N O CO, 
No T im e L im it on R e nta ls 
R e n ta l P u rc h a s e P lan 
19o7 W .W oodlaw n________ 734-4217 
H a m m o n d A -1 OO, w ith L e s lie 
Sacrific e $1995. 684-2745__________ 

 tT a m m o n d O r g a n a n d L e s lie 
S pe a ker, good p la y in g c o n d itio n . 
512oo both. 828 3777 o fte r 6pm 

E sta te Sale. 1959 F o rm a n 56o L P , 
6o H P a nd e q u ip m e n t. 1-426-3191 or t-363-7334 a fte r 7pm____________ 

F O U N D 
F e m a le B a sse tt H o un d in W h is p e rin g O aks 492 2776 
F O U N D 
F e m a le Iris h S e tte r w ith 
IP 673 778o Ofter Spm 
_____ 

T -C C o n d e n d e r 44 M a g . w it h choke, h o ls te r and shells. 
732-3o78. 
_______________ 
A d u lt a n d F a m ily s e c tio n , c lu b house w ith e s w im m in g pool. P ave d s tre e ts , u n d e r g r o u n d u tilit ie s , la rg e lo ts , no p e ts , b e s t m a in - ta in te d p a rk in tow n, on S E . M ill- tra y D r. w e s t of IH37, a c ro s s fro m 
B ro o ks F ie ld , In d ia n H ills M o b ile 
Hom e P a rk . 333-o83o._____________ 
B e a u tifu l tr a ile r space, fo r o d u lts . 
N e a r B ro o k s A F B , 333-8152 

F A R M A L L A G a r d e n T r a c t o r w ith 6 ft s h re d d e r $15oo. E x c e lle n t 
C o nd itio n 695-9218________________ 

Good L u m b e r-G o o d L e n g th s 
8 ............................................. 19c L F 
6 ........................................ 19Vjc L F 
8 ............................................. 26C L F 

We pay cash to r rifle s , shotguns, pistols. 736-1796.__________________ 
A N E W M A S S A G E L O C A T IO N o utsid e c ity , open 7 d a y s 'til 2am . 
P ro f. m a s s e u s e s . 1223o IH3S N. b etw w e n O 'C o nn e r A Judson Rds 

Found in v tc in ly of T M I 4 m o n th old b la c k la b ra d o r, d ay lim e c a ll 
342-4161, e ve n in g 342 2oo6 
F A R M A L L H F a rm T ra c to r w ith ch isel p lo w $125o 695-9218________ 

F o rm a n H, F u lly E q u ip p e d . Used 
Irrig a tio n P ipes, 3ooo ft x 3 " ; 16oo' x 5". V a lve s and F ittin g s . 635-886o 

F O U N D la te F r id a y a fte rn o o n . 
M a r 25, n e a r D o w n to w n J o ske 's, lo n g -h a ire d m a le g ra y and w h ile k itte n 736 1143____________________ 

E n la r g e Y o u r C ir c le o f S in g le 
F rie n d s J o in : S U B U R B A N S IN ­ 
G L E D A T IN G S E R V IC E . W rite : 
8451 M ic h e lle W a y San A n to n io , 
T x 78239.__________________________ 

C ruise lfl' jF t S kip p e r C u tty C abin 
Oeep V, 12o OMC, G a lv . T ra ile r, 
...........................; ......................... 55832 
C ruise 2oft C utty C a bin, Oeep V , 
14o OMC, G olv, T ro lle r ....$ 6 8 8 7 
C ruise 21ft F u ll C abin D eep V , 175 
O M C, G alv T ra ile r 
.................S7844 
C ruise 19 F u ll C abin, R e b u ilt IOO 
E v in ru d e , G alv. T ra ile r . . . $456o 

FISHING LEASE 
3 tanks w ell stocked 
2 4 miles from 
Son 
Antonio, located at 
Ted 
W illiam s and 
W isdom Rd. 

For Information 
Call Harry Hyman or 
Mr. Sanchez 
San Antonio phone, 222-13o! 
B etw een I a.m. and 9 a.m . w eekdays. 

 e 5oo Seguin Rd, 226-3141 » 
( I ) 46o F o rm a l! w id e fro n t a x le tra c to r w ith 4 ro w fro n t c u lt. ( I ) 
Super H F o rm a l! a n d e q u ip m e n t. 
A ls o 6’ s h re d d e r . C a ll 965 75 1 2 doys o r 965-76o7 e ve n in g s.________ 

F O R D 7 t i , a lm o s t n e w , 3 p f 
H ook-up S h re d d e r. $55o. 695-9218 

W R E C K IN G 
527 
C lb r.,p lb g .,tu rn ..a n tiq u e s 
732-2437._______________ 

M o le 
I r is h 
S e tte r , 
H u n t 
L an e a re a 
F O U N D w ounded. 
655 71o3 
E s c o rts , g u id e d T o u rs In te r n a ­ tio n a l E s c o rt a n d T o u r A g e n c y . 
1ooo2 M c C u llo u g h , 341-o525. 

E v e r h ave a sw tth m a ssa ge ? C a ll 
M iss 
36-22-35 fo r m o re 
Into 
492-2994____________________________ 

LO STG a re a L o c k h ili S elm a o n d 
NW M ilit a r y , G e rm a n S h e p a rd p up, b la c k -ta n , 'P rin c e s s '. G E N ­ 
E RO US 
R E W A R D o ffe re d 
492-2o49____________________________ 

E x tr a la r g e m o b ile h o m e lo t. 
$1475, $75 d o w n , 84 m o n th s a t 
*21.83 A P R 8% 
C a ll A. Jones, 226-23o3. 
•OLEA MARKET* l ” x 6 " * 6 ' P r iv a c y F e n c e 
B oa rd s. R ough P in e, T re a te d , 
L ea ve n a tu ra l, p a in t o r s ta in . 
B eats C e d a r 89c ea. 

FO R D T R A C T O R M O D E L 8oo in e x c e lle n t c o n d itio n 12995 
T H E T O R G E R S O N CO. 
533-5145, 739 Stoves________ 

L a rg e s t in San A n to n io 
S paces: $4 Sat, $8 Sun. 
1428 A u s tin H w y. 
828 

E X E C U T IV E E S C O R T S E R 
V IC E R e a s o n a b le ra le s , B E A U 
T IF U L G irls ! 492 2994.___________ 

L O S T ; 
B la c k a n d Io n m a le 
D o b e rm a n n a m e d " D u k e " in E 
L o c u s t- SAC v ic tn fy . H a s ta g s 
535o re w o rd 735 8778_____________ 

C O U N T R Y L IV IN G i i a c re m o b ile h om e lo ts. C h ea p er th a n r e n tin g ! H o rs e s a llo w e d . 
Low down. 
B R IG H A M R E A L T Y 673-14o1 

Lake M cQ ueeney, 512-557-662 
L a rg e S election of A n tiq u e 
P LA Y E R PIANOS 
C D G A ID A S 
A U T O M A T IC M U S IC CO. 
28o6 N .F lo re s____________ 733 1546 
O R G A N , H a m m o n d G ra n d e e . 
E x c e lle n t c o n d itio n . 344-4433 
O rg a n . 2 k e y b o a r d , 13 p e d a ls , 
$35o, m o v in g A p ril I. 922-8917 

R O C K B O T T O M P R IC E S on 
In v a d e rs and D e c k B o a ts , J o h n ­ son ond M e rc u ry s . R A Y 'S M A R ­ 
IN E , C a n y o n L a k e . H w y . 2673 n e a r S ta rtz v ille A N D H w y . 3o6 across fro m G oofy's. 1-899-211o. 

BARKER SUPPLY j 3143 SE M ilita r y D r 
333-6o41 
F O X Y L A D Y E s c o r t S e r v ic e . 
7 3 4 -8 25 3 o r 7 32-336 1. T o k o y o 
House, 4218 B ia nco ._______________ 
913 • cams a jewelry 
L O S T : F e m a le P e e k -o P o o in v ic in ity of The G len. A n s w e rs to 
C hing 
C hing 
R E W A R D ! 
657 3417____________ ____________ _ 

BN a n d 9N w ith n e w a n d u s e d im p le m e n ts . 378o S. F io re s ._______ 
LO T FO R SS' M H . $4o MO 
LO U -N O R M o b ile H o m e P a rk 
2415 C a s tro v ille Rd 433-2o64 
D E L L V IE W C O IN SHO P 
U N D E R N E W M A N A G E M E N T 
B u y in g and s e llin g 
P a v in g top p ric e s to r s c ra p 
G old and S ilv e r, J e w e lrv 
S ilv e r and G old C oins, (U S o r F o re ig n ) and P a p e r M o n ey 

F o r S ale I - J o h n D e e r* M o d e l 
J O . 
644 B 
F r o n te n d 
W h e e l 
L o a d e r. M a y b e se e n a t T o m 
F o ire y Co. 1121$ W e id n e r Rd. S. 
A T x , 732-1227._______________ __ 

R u n a b o u t 14', lOOhp E v in r u d e 
M o lo r, New T ra ile r, 674-4oo6 
L O S T : 3-15 F e m a le A u s tr a lia n 
S hepherd, M u ltic o lo re d V ic in ity 
L o o p 
41o a n d 
M c C u llo u g h 
R E W A R D 736 2 5o9 , 34 t o688 

21 a c r e s H ill C o u n t r y . G r e a t h u n tin g , tre e s , b e a u tifu l v ie w s , 
$52o d o w n p a y m e n t, $81.o7 p e r m o. O w n e r fin a n c e d . C o ll 734-7964 
O rg an , M1ooA H a m m o n d S p in e t, d ra w b a r w ith p e rc u s s io n a nd e x ­ tra L e s lie s p e a k e r, $15oo. 349-8127 o r 684-1129. 
_ _ _ _ _ 

L O S T : h u g e b la c k a n d w h ile lo n g h a ir e d c a l 
L a u r e l H g t j 
A n s w e rs to "A n n ie " . 736-o339 ____ 

F o r Sale o r T ro d e 
A llis C h a lm e r 
B p low , $75o 433-14o7, 684-2379 
14' BOSTON W H A L E R w ith 55H 
C h ry s le r e n g in e . F o r m o re in fo ask for J im at PGC M A R IN E . 
497-36oo 
___________ _ 

53o a c re s on W est end of B a n d e ra 
C ty. D e e r and T u rk e y . 966-3646, 
U to p ia Texas._____________________ 

D o c to r's In v e s tm e n t G ro u p is in ­ tereste d in b u y in g co ins, stom ps, ro lls , pro ofs, gold F ra n k lin M in ts , etc. C o nta ct D r. V og t, 736-2o79. 

G IB S O N T r o c t o r 
S m a ll F a ir b a n k s p la tfo rm s c a le o 75o !bs 
C oil R ohe, 534-8873._______________ 
G iv e n b v the F o x ie s t G irls in Son 
A n to n io . B est p lace to R e la x a nd u n w in d . "F e e l B e tte r F a s t". O ut side C ity L im its Open IO JO a m to 
4am 
B ig D is c o u n ts 1 N o rth Side 
P A R IS R U B B , 492-2994 __________ 

L O S T : H u s k y , b la c k w ith w h ite c h e s t o n d p a w s 
M is s in g 
W estw ood V illa g e a re a sin ce M a r 
16 
N a m e d 'S m o k y '. C h ild s p et. 
M issed V E R Y M U C H ! R E W A R D to r re tu rn . 673-8458________________ 

O R G AN S ond P IA N O S R E N T E D o ptio n to b u y-n o tim e lim it 
Dacbert’s Music Plaza 
14oo N O G A L ITO S 
223-6151 
SWS W A L Z E M R D. 
654-6661 

S a c r ific e C a b in c r u is e r , f u lly loaded reg. $1o,ooo o nly $6,95o. 
9 2 3 - 7 4 3 8 . _________ ___________ 
In te rn a tio n a l D ie s e l F a rm T r a c ­ t o r w ith t r o n t e n d lo a d e r a n d equ ip $855oo 684-o395; 538-2o19 
3,ooo A c re L L a n o C o un ty ra n c h in the h ills . P e rfe c t fo r c o m p o n y o r la rg e b usiness to send g ro u p s. 
915-247-5497______________________ 
I 
4 e xp e rie n c e d h u n te rs needed to ' f i l l Z a p a ta C o. h u n tin g le a s e , i 
H e a v y c o v e r w ith b ig d e e r. $475 ! p e r g u n . R e p ly to " D e e r " 114 
C y n th ia D r. U n iv e rs a l C ity , T X 
78148._______________________ 
_ 

S ailbo a t, C h ry s le r M u tin e e r, IS' s lo o p , g a lv t r a ile r . L ik e n e w 
5135o 1-625 o883__________________ 
4o1o: 4o2o JO H N D E E R E 
_________ D iesel, 534-6711__________ 
J O H N D E E R E 2o1o. e x c e lle n t c o n d itio n , 45HP, 1-583 286? 

O R G A N : 
W u r lit z e r 
D e lu x e 
P ro fe s s io n a l m o d e l 43oo s p in e t. 
P re s e ts , c h im e s , b o n g o , m u lti- m a lic p e rc u s s io n a n d c o u p le rs 
$995 F IR M . 341-6394. 
P lA tO , s p in n e l. H e e d s tu n in g , 
$35o. A tte r 4pm c a ll 654-o7o9 

L O S T in C o n c o rd S q u a re a p t a re a , big b la c k P e rs ia n c o t w ith w h ite face and chest. R E W A R D ! 
684-6443___________________________ 

S ailbo a t, C o ro na d o 23, m a n y ex- tra s . 658-7242._____________________ 
M A S - S - A - G E S 
' ■i P R IC E 
C o ll M is s 34-22 35 to r m o re In fo r­ m a tio n . P A R IS R U B B till 4, t ill 4, t ill 4 a m ! 492-2994. 

S a il B o a t G u lf C o a s t 2o L a r g e 
C o c k p it, E x c e lle n t F o r F a m ily 
Salting, 
H as 
T ra ile r, 
$24oo. 
658-o575. 

BA B Y G R A N D 
E x c e lle n t c o n d it io n . M a d e b v 
B a ld w in . 828-3777 o tte r 6pm . 

John D e ere H o m m e rm ill, o rig in a l m o d e l w ith a ll s c re e n s . P e rfe c t 
Cond. $3oo 696-o872 

LO ST in F o rre s t G len s u b d iv is io n , sp aye d c a lic o c a t w ith re d le a th e r c o lla r 681-1689 484-5o22 

17195638 

o975o778 

San Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— Saturday April 2 1977 

12o BIBS & PMPflSAiS 
12o EISS I PMfOSAlS 

A-HA LE T R A IL E R S 
Horse Stock and G ooseneck 
N ew and U sed* for Sole or Rent 
Also feed B a rre ls with Cid* 
S L IM P O IL CO Oft IM 37 
533-5151 
4o4 
C a ro lin a nites 
344-7315 
A N N U A L 
Y O U T H 
B E N E F I T 
M O R S E S H O W , A p r il 2nd w ith rain date A p ril 9th, IO a rn, Cop- p a r e lli's A re n a , ! ’ « m ile E . of 
Loop 41o on R ig sb y . H ig h P oin t 
Jr, and Senior P rize w ill be N el­ son Buckle. F o r Info, call 824-76oo, 
648-o828 or 326-8416______________ 

A p p a lo o sa ge ld in g , 14 h a n d s, 4 ye a rs, sh o w e y, sp irite d , e x p e r ­ ie n ce d rid e r. $375 F ir m . ev e s. w eekends 1-379-7888____________ _ 
A p pendix R e g 4 y r G e ld in g, 16 i hands, very quiet $12oo A Q H A 3 I yr Chestnut Stallion, h o lle r per- I t o r m a n c e ty p e . V e r y p r e t t y . 

 and I blk pa ra d e eves. 649-2298 

1 973 A Q H A B a y G e ld in g , 16 
H ands. Gentle, w ell broke, good 
Steer rop in g prospect. 1-232-5424. 
A Q H A Stocking L e gge d G e ld in g 7 yrs, proven W estern and E n glish . 
Three B o rs Bloodlines. 655-275o 

A Q H A Stud Service, Top W elder bv T urfs Best, Out of D a u gh te r of 
S u ga r B o r s 649-2732._____________ 
B a b y C a l v e s $3o $5o. G r a s s 
C alve s $6o-511o. 922-8449 

*2393. 
HARRIS WESTERN CENTER 
I-772-3634 Lytle 
622-93oo 

Macdona Auction Sale 
$45oo. A lso 2 new ro p in g sad d le s [ E v e ry Sat. 12 Noon, Cattle, sheep. 

ADVERTISEMENT FOR BIDS 

The Cotulhi Ind School Dtst. is accepting separate sealed bids for construction of a new high school foe Cotullo, Texas lids will be received bv the School Board at the office of the Superintendent until 7 3o pm . April 71,1977, and then of said 
•Hic* publicly opened and read aloud 

The information for Bidders, form of Bid, Plans, specifications and other con­ tract documents may be examined at the following 

Superintendent s Office, Cotulla, Texas 
I W Dodge Pion Room, San Antonio, Texos 
Builder s Exchange, Son Antonio, Texos 
AGC Pion Room, Corpus Christi, Texas 

Copies may be obtained of the office of Joe I Mills, Architect, located at 7o1 F 
Garfield, Del Ria, Texos upon payment of SIGO OO for eoeh set Any unsuccessful bidder, upon returning such set promptly and in good condition, will be refun­ ded his payment, and any non bidder upon so returning such a set will be refunded SSO-OO. Partial or extra sets available at cost of printing The owner reserves the right to waive any informalities or to r»(ect ony of all bids. tach bidder must deposit with his bid, security in the amount, from and subject to the conditions provided in the Information for Bidders 

Attention of bidders is particularly called lo the requirements os to co ndition', of employment to be observed ond minimum wage rates to be paid under the con­ tract 

No bidder may withdraw his bid within 3o days ofter the actual dote of the opening thereof. 

 r 
BUSINESS 
OPPORTUNITIES 
$ 

YOUR OPPORTUNITY 

^ 14 CL OOO yr., wW i properly 

GUMAN A AMERICAN BOOD lit . 
2o yr*., o w n e r 
HI. 
O res* 
1 4o ,o o o yi 
.1 A.OOO chi. 
RNE MEXICAN RISTAU ANT 
O w n e r 12 yr*., O ro ** $ 1 2 o ,o o o 
N e t* $ 2 7 ,o o o yr. H o w l p e rk in g. 
$ 3 5 ,o o o . Term *. 
BUSY CORIE SHOP 
O re ** e v e r $ 9 5 ,o o o yr., in Irg. m ed. center, a e o n ten ting. 
$ 4 ,o o o d r 
MEXICAN RESTAURANT 
N 'licte, le n t* 
SO, nice fixture*. 
O ro ** $ 4 2 ,o o o yr. $ 4 5 o o An 
POLYGRAPHING A INVESTIGATION 
Top account*. 
W ill lo a c h new ow n er. 
N e t* 
$ 2 o ,o o o yr. 
$ 1 5 ,o o o do. 
PLUSH REST AU ANT NORTHEAST w ith m ix e d drin k lou n ge , g ro t*- b ig $ 4 o ,o o o m e. thor* hr*., go o d leone, to o t* 13o, $ 4 5 ,o o o dn. 
CLEAN DAIRY KREEM 
Ix c e lle n t p a rk in g. I so d * o f eqpt., m o n e y m ak e r. $ 8 5 o o . Term *. 

DAIRY QUEEN 
N 'S M e re al d e a n . Se at* SO, G o o d r irk in g. 
N e t* 
$ 1 5 .o o o yr. 
!4,5<W . 
BIBY LIQUOR STORE 
W I, fine fixture*, 
O ro ** t i 35,ooo. 
N o n 
$ 2 5 ,o o o yr. 
8,ooo-i-*tock. 
BUSY NORTHSIDE REST AU ANT # d rin k s. S n o ts I JO, O ro ** 
SI SO,OOO 
N o n 
$ 4 o ,o o o yr. 
$ 3 o ,(HJO dn. 
URGE BUSY WASHATERU 
C lo te to b rie . w ith p ick u p »to., 
G r o tto * $ 4 9 ,o o o . N e H $ 1 5 ,o o o yr. $ 1 o ,o o o dn. 

N E GROOMING SALON I SUPPLIES 
T op tpot. B o tt clientele, lit . 13 yr*. N e t* $ 1 o ,o o o yr. $ 5 ,o o o dn. 
SEVERAL MIXED DRINK CLUBS 
N I, real m o n e y m a k er*, d e a n fixture*, g o o d p ark in g, leo*#*. term *. 
EXCELLENT WASHATERIA 
G rot* 5 3 o ,o o o yr. 3 o m achine*, 
14 dryer*. $ 5 ,o o o dn. 
(LL (ja ce rra A n Co: 

735-9458 
2oo3 N. M A IN 
735-8611 

124 LEGAL NOTICES 
124 LEGAL NOTICES 

B e a u t if u l G r a y R e q 
Gelding. 
R e aso n ab ly 
2-379-39oo 

 i A r a b 
P riced. 

 go ats, ho rse s. 12 mi. S.W 
S A. 
F o rm Rd. 2173, M acd o n a, Tx. 
N o.I Fertilized Coastal B e rm u d a 
H ay $1.75 per bale in B arn. Suth­ erland Sp rin gs 25 B ale s M in im u m 
226-o141._________________________ 

N u b ia n M ilk G o a t s , D o e a n d 
Buck, 2 m os otd. 1-42o-28o8 
O A K V A L L E Y S T A B L E S under new m an a ge m e n t. L a r g e C le an 
Stalls. H o rses boarded. Stalls for 
R e n t, w w c lk e r s , W o rk A re n o , 
Lights, Trails. 234 H olbrook Rd. 
225 o638, 223-7994 

3 B E E F M A S T E R H E I F E R S 
923-8o24 
333-2498 

2 B ig beautied h orses! l-3yr red 
Ap paloosa stud $6oo or best otter. 
I w h ite A r a b ia n g e ld in g $35o. 
734 3243, 736-1316, 736-18o3 
B re e d Y o u r M a r e lo the G re a t 
'P alo m in o Stallion M r Perfection. 
S a d d le bred , F r a n k M c C la r a n , 
826-2349; 824-5o63. 

2 B U L L S A N D 7o C O W S , m an y with calves A ssu m e lease on 8oo ocre ranch, near Loop 16o4 W est of S A. 1o5 A cre s of field, 6o acre s irrigate d 
S A M to 4 P M , 349 356o, after 7 P M 494-3619 

B Y R O M S F E E D S T O R E 
H y b rid Sudan $16 C W T 
924-o41 

P A IN T H O R S E S T U D S E R V IC E , 
B ig 3 y r o ld S t a llio n o f f e r in g lim it e d s e r v ic e t h is S p r i n g 
P la c e d 1st at S A. and H o uston 
Liv e sto ck Sh o w s 1977. 533-3871 ; 
649-1566 ; 648 3471 
P A I R S , C O W S 
A N D 
G R A S S 
C A L V E S . 648-1931; 648-31oo 
P a stu re for H o rse s. IOO A c re s. 
M a x im u m IO. W e ll o n d S p rin q w ater. C atch in g C o rra l. STB per m o 824-7341; 344-1787. 

9 P IG S , $2o eo. 
Benke, 677 8869 
6 w k s old John 

R . A. B e n k e F a r m a n d R a n c h 
Fencing. 
Fre e 
E stim ate s. 
69o-955o. 
Reg. A p paloo sa gelding, unusual coloring. Exp. rider. 492-9962 

C A L L IE B E R M U D A G R A S S , now taking ord e rs for planting m ate r­ ia l 
A v a il. A p p r o x . M a y 15. 
SlS-gunny sack, 51oo-pickup load. 
F rank 
Rhew , 
1-393-6o22. 
Floresville. 

 j Reg. App. stud service, $5o. Lots color. 698-2o9o ofter 6pm. 

C A T T L E , G o a t s , S h e e p a n d 
H o rse s tor sale. 622-9216 

S a d d le fo r a d u lt. D a r k b ro w n floral hand carved design, excel­ lent condition plus new bridle and blanket. $2oo. 922-3921 ofter 6pm 

S im m e n ta i B u ll 15 m o s old 
$45o. 655-349o. 
_______ 

•Coastal Bermuda# 
S p rig g in g and custom w ork, also ch ise l p lo w in g an d h a y b a ilin g. jl-742-8415. Sch u m ach e r Bros. 

CORRUGATED IRON 
$18 95 per sa 
F L O W E R S L B R CO. 
2567 G o liad 
333-6171 

S P R IN G S P E C IA L 

 i 3Vi Pento Post 
.................. t i 59 
I 5Vz x 8 Corn er P ost 
.......... $3.99 
I 12'/i ga. Im port B a rb ...... $15.95 
42" Tw ist Stays, per C .... $15.95 
! 3'/*” P V C Pipe per C ........ $8.5o 
B A R K E R S U P P L Y 
3143 S. E. M ilita ry Dr. 333-6o41 

NOTICE OF HEARING 
Reference Notice of Proposed Use of Federal Revenue Shoring 
Funds for the Eighth Entitlement Period published March 24, 
1977, 
★ -Br ★ ★ 
The Public Hearing scheduled for April 5,1977, hos been can­ celled by the following notice. 
* Br ★ it 

A R E SO L U T IO N 

N o . 7 7 -1 6 -2 7 
CALLING A PUBLIC HEARING FOR CONSPIRATION Of TH! BUDGET FOR 
REVENUE SNARING FUNDS FOR THE EIGHTH ENTITLEMENT PERIOD FOR 
APRIL 13, 1977, AT 7:oo PJR. 
4r ★ ★ * 
BE IT RESOLVED BY TNE CITY COUNCIL OF THE OTY OF SAN ANTONIO: 

SECTION I. Pursuant to the requirement of the Charter of the 
City of San Antonio, and pursuant to requirements of the State and locol Fiscal Assistance Act of 1972, notice is hereby given that a public hearing will be held in the Mission Room, Con­ vention Center, San Antonio, Texas, of 7:oo P.M., April 13, 1977, on the Revenue Sharing Budget of the City of Son Antonio for the Eighth Entitlement Period. 
SECTION 2. Not less than IO copies of the proposed General 
Revenue Shoring Budget will be available in the Office of the 
City Clerk. 
, 

SECTION 3. The City Clerk is hereby directed to publish this 
Resolution one (I) time at least ten (IO) days prior to April 13, 
1977. 

PASSED AND APPROVED this 31st day of March, 1977. 

ATTEST: 
G V. JACKSO N, JR. 

City Clerk 

LILA COCKRELL 
M AYO R 

512 
512 fO T C T lO m 

EMPLOYMENT 

BILLY THE KID 

APPAREL INDUSTRIAL ENGINEER 
A m a r ic a 's largest m a n u fa c tu re r o f b o y s- w e a r is lo o k in g fo r an A p p a r e l In d u stria l 
E n g in e e r w ith s e w in g ro o m e xp e rie n ce . 
P re fe ra b ly in th e m a n u fa c tu re o f p a n ts, s h irts o r jackets. E n j o y lib e ra l c o m p a n y b e n e fits, 
P a id v a c a tio n s, p a id h o lid a y s , c o m p a n y p a id life, h e a lth a n d m a jo r m e d ic a l in su ra n ce . J o in t h is p ro g re ssiv e c o m p a n y w ith m a n y o p p o rt u n itie s fo r a d v a n c e m e n t. 
S e n d re su m e a n d sa la ry e x p e c ta t io n s to: 
B I L L Y 
T H E 
K I D , ® 
E n g in e e rin g D e p t, M g r., IO O S o u t h C o t t o n 
S tre e t, E l P a so , T e x a s 
7 9 9 o 1 . A n E q u a l 
O p p o r t u n it y E m p lo y e r . 

ELKINS INSTITUTE 
Can Train You In 
BROADCASTING 

DAY & EVENING 
CLASSES AVAILABLE 

Approved for Veterans 
I st Class FCC License 
CB Radio Repair 
Radio & TV Repair 
Television Technician 
Operator 

2 2 7 -6 5 4 o 

# 
A NL K IN S 
N S T I T U T E 
3o1 Broadway Bldg. Suite 2oo 

Bottling Company 

 of San Antonio 

 has opening for 
PRODUCTION MANAGER 

D egree preferred, but qualifications are of prim ary im parlance. Bottling experience not necessary, but ability to m anage overall production responsibilities are a necessity. Position reports to VP, Plant O p e ration s M gr. 

Send com plete resume with salary requirem ents in confidence to Personnel M gr. P.O. Box 5 8 Sa n Antonio 

7 8 2 9 1 ’ 

 e q u a l o p p ortunity em p lo y e r 

COMPUTER 

OPERATOR 

Immediate opening for mature, stable and 

 responsible person who has some experience 

 with computers and mandatory typing skills. 

 apply in person or send resume to 

Mr, Gilbert Haas 
JORDAN FORD 

615 N. St. Mary’s 
227-1311 

6o1 • PROFESSIONAL 
6o2 - SALES 

P ro fessio n al Exe cutive 
Consultants Int'l 
P ersonnel Consultants 
6243 IH Kl, Suite 44o 
512-736-2263 

* 

6o2 SALLS 

Covered H orse stalls tor rent by p r iv a te p a rty 
N e a r R a n d o lp h 
A F B Fo r into: 659-1462 after 6 
Custom bond m ade soddies, over 
5o u s e d s a d d le s in sto c k . 
H u n d r e d s of 1st a n d 2nd lin e boots. B and W Boot and Tack, 4o5 
S. G uad alup e St, San M a rco s, Tx. 
1-392-4676. 
D I S P E R S A L S A L E 
2o y o u n g g r e y B r a h m a n c o w s a n d bi 
Heifers, 4 red B ra h a m s, speckle bull, colts, all registered, also 19 young F -l B radford 4* B ra h m an c o w s a n d h e ife rs, 8 c a lf s an d sp r in g e rs. E X T R E M E L Y G E N ­ 
T L E . 23 r e g is t e r e d B r a h m a n bulls. 535o 57So I 676-3313________ 
F E L P S H O R S E , S T O C K 
A N D G O O S E N E C K T R A IL E R S 
S a le s , S e r v ic e , R e p a i r s , a n d 
Trailer Rentals, 443o H w y 9o E a st 
(S. W W White R d .) 333 1611. 
Felps Tandem Sem i-Stock 52393. 
H A R R IS W E S T E R N C E N T E R 
622 93oo 
Lytle 
1-772-3634 

Stables in Castle Hills. Exce llen t riding areas. $2o mo. 342-2649. 

S ta ll* tor R e n t at D o c 's A re n o . 
H o rses tor sale 696-7722. 

STURDY STRUCTURES go up (ast, we hold co sts down. 
C o lo r f u l, c o o le r w ith K a i s e r alum ! Strong! Coll 494-3318 
2o’ Sw an Gooseneck, covered, full nose 923-8o24; 333-2498 

S W E E T S U D A N , H e a v ily m in e r­ alized, B righ t, N e v e r wet, good hales. $1 6o 1 663-48o5,732-8327 

IID SPECIAL NOTICES 

Tex-Tan R o p in g Saddle, like new plus A ccesso rie s $25o. 924-3988 
T W O -H O R S E T R A IL E R 
4 wheel, all new tires, new floor a n d r u b b e r m a t s , $65o f ir m . 
432-861o, 225-3667. 

W A L Z E M R O A D S T A B L E under new m anagem e nt. L a rg e A rena, 
T ra in in g R in g. IO A c re P astu re , 
Stalls with run. $18 per mo. Full 
B oard A v ailab le 653-79o4 

B L O O D 
T D O N A T IO N S ? 

BLOOD - PLASMA 
SER V IC E S OF 
S A N A N T O N IO 
N O W 
OPEN 
A C R O S S F R O M 
M U N IC IP A L A U D IT O R IU M 

112 A U D IT O R IU M CIR. 
Mon.-Eh. BKH) JUN.-4:oo P.M. 
CLO SED SAT. A SU N . 
$ PAID DONATIONS $ 
ONLY 
‘ j 

12o - BIDS & PROPOSALS 

Sealed bid proposals will be receiv­ ed by the Boara of Trustees of the 
North 
East 
Independent 
School 
District for the following items of the times shown: 

CARPETING 3oopm , luesdoy, April 5, 1977 

SCIENCE EQUIPMENT: ? OO p m.. 
Tuesday, April 12,1977 

TOWELS: 2:oo p m.. 
Thursday, April 14,1977 

ENVELOPES: 2 oo p.m., 
Tuesday, April 19,1977 

FOOTBALL TICKETS: 3:oo pm , 
Tuesday, April 19,1977 

Bid forms may be picked up prior to bid opening in the office of the 
Director of Purchasing, 
NE.I.S.D., 
1o333 Broadway, Son Antonio, Texos. 

5o1-BUSINESS OPPORTUNITIES 

F IL M P H O T O S E R V IC E 
K E Y S , S H O E R E P A IR S a n d sh o e s h in in g c o m b in e d in a t t ra c tiv e d r iv e -u p s h o p s is a go o d , new id e a w ith e x c e lle n t f r a n c h is in g p o s s ib ilit ie s . L o w o v e r h e a d a n d e a s y o p e ra tio n . 
O w ner tra n sfe rrin g. N ee d buyer or in v e sto r-m a n a g e r cap ab le of expanding business. T oke a look at S H IN E S H O P S IN C . at Colonies 
N o r th C e n te r a n d 7921 N .N e w 
B raunfels, then phone R J.W ilson, 
342-7215. 

5o1-BUSINESS OPPORTUNITIES 

WORMS 
W e buy w o rm s under contract 
W o rm gro w e rs needed 
512-653-514o 
W O R M E N T E R P R IS E S 

5o 2 -BUSINESS OPPORTUNITIES 

WANTED 

F L O W E R S H O P 

C o n tro l of o p e ra tin g ro o fin g or light co nstructio n b u sin e ss. San 
Antonio a re a 
M u st be co rp o ra tion with profitable past a s well as 

F o r sate bv o w n e r. N o r t h e a s t orea. 653-5938 between 12-6PM 
G .Priest, B ox 1233o. Son Antonio, 
78212. 
For Sale: B E A U T Y S H O P . C o m ­ plete set up. R e qu ires new lease. 
E q uipm e nt sold separately. Coll 
°P * r 7 :3oPM.------------------- 
B u s in e s s a n d In d iv id u a l lo a n s 
Fo r Sole: Cigare tte route and 6o a v a i l a b l e fo r a n y p u r p o s e 

5o4-MONEYTO LEND 

FULL TIME TELEPHONE SALES 
9 A.M. to 5 P.M. 

We can train you to earn up to $4.oo per hr. making calls from our office, we are on the bus line and we have free parking. 

 lf you are 18 or over and need a steady job with a chance for advancement please call 

MR. COLEMAN 

2 2 5 - 2 8 1 8 

 a n e q u a l o p p o rtu n ity e m p lo y e r 

P R O G R A M M E R S u ir e m e n ts : D e g r e e in C S, a th, P h y s ic s or e n g in e e r in g ; 
...inim um of 2 ye a rs experience in m ini c o m p u te rs; k n ow le d gea b le in F o r t r a n a n d a s s e m b ly tan- a u a g e . S a l a r y c o m m e n s u r a t e with experience. Send resum e to: 
U N IT E C H , IN C. 
1oo5 E. St. E lm o Rd. 
Austin, T e xas 78745 
E q u a l O pportunity E m p lo y e r 

Q ualified D IE T IC IA N W onted 
H o v e im m e d ia te o p e n in g tor a aualified Die tician or Nutritionist w h o is a p p r o v e d bv the S ta te 
Dept. of Health, to do consultant w o rk in a n u r s in g ce nte r. B e n ­ efits, tra v e l e x p e n se s an d tra n ­ sportation furnished. W rite or call j collect: D a v id H a rr is, R e g io n a l 
Vice President, 4455 S P a d re Is ­ land Dr.. Suite 47, C o rp u s Christi, 
Tx 78411 or coll 512-854-1183. 

* GET YOUR FEET WET BEFORE £ 

R E F I N E R Y C H IE F C H E M IS T 
Q uality control, fuel blending and a n a ly s t e x p e r ie n c e . 
S 'g m o r 
R e f in in g , P O B o x 49o, T h r e e 
R iv e r s , T x 78o71. A ttn : P la n t 
M a n a g e r or coll 512-786-2536. 

R IC H ond A S S O C IA T E S 
E m p lo y m e n t Se rv ice 
684o-A San P edro 826 o661 
Sh arp e P ersonnel Se rv ice 
6322 Sove reign Dr. 
Suite 14o, (512)349 3541 

TEACHERS! 
Spe cializin g T e ache r placem ent 
S P E A R S P ersonnel Se rvice 
2o7 J a ck so n -K e lle r 
828-1292 

STC-SAILS 

* 

* 

* 
YOU TAKE THE PLUNGE 

 cigarette m achines, good Income, for info call 1-569-3261, 1-569-2566 
Pleasanton, Tx 
Fo r Sale: Se llin g tor health re a­ sons. A G ro w in g Fast-Fo o d R E S ­ 
T A U R A N T . C o ll 1-779-3321 o r 
1-779-2672, ask for 
D onald or 
Georgia._________________________ 
F R A N C H I S E F o r m s & P a p e r 
Products. N o inventory, accounts rece ivable or de livery. $35oo in­ vestment. 
H igh profit m argin. 
I 8oo-241 1868 

F R E D ' S E x x o n G a s S t a t io n , corner 1518 & 181 South 635-8789 
Ice H ouse F r e d e r ic k s b u r g R d 
Good oorking. 
$6,5oo cash. 
732-o236. 

F E R T IL IZ E D C O A S T A L H A Y 
____________ 333 2938_____________ 
G ra y m are, 7 yrs. old. E n g lish or 
W estern. Good barrel or lu m p in g p ro sp e c t tor e x p e rie n c e d rid e r. 
53oo. 684 5353 
H A Y D e livered 
I 685-3361, I 997 3767 

W A N T To B u y : An A lp in e M ilk 
Goat that is co m ing in fresh. 
I 379-9473. 

9 week 
674-11o4. old 
D u ro c 
P igs. 
$25. 

D A Y and N IG H T S se ats for P a ­ rade 8oo block B ro a d w a y P a lm 
Heights P O N Y B aseball. 227-46o8 

Will halter break and train your w eanling and ye arlin g colts C all arter 6pm I 42o-21o6(512) 

__________ ^__ _ _____ 
IO yr old M o re due in A ugust. 22 
Jum p Saddle. L a d y 's Saddle Suit, mo old Colt. M a k e Offer. 673-7777 

Coevebry 68°r53o2a 9 e W h '° ' G ’r,h 
4 Y r old Reg. A p paloo sa gelding 

Jiffy P re ss Instant P rin tin g 
A full service print shop near you 
16o6 M cC u llo u gh 6211 San P edro 
17o1 SW M ilita ry D r 
42o9 F re d e rick sb u rg R d 
226 E. R h a p so d y at San Pedro 

L a r g e L ig h t e d A r e n o . L o n g e 
R ing, 
Board. 
Train. 
66 
AC. 
653 2452.__________ _______________ 
L I M O U S I N 
7 5% R e d B u ll. 26 m os., D andin C. 75% Red Heifer, 
22 m os , Gabriel. 1-379-2869 

K in g C le gg Breeding. B righ t so r­ rel w ith w hite b lan k e t. P e r f o r ­ m a n c e or P le a s u r e P r o s p e c t . 
$9oo 696-2494. 
4 yr Qtr G e ld in g, not R e g., B ig 
Good looking, sound and gentle, 
$55o or m ake offer. 736-4844. 

C A 
N 
N 
O 
U 
N 
C 
E M 
E N 
T S ^ 
^ 
^ n 

11o SPECIAL NOTICES 
IID SPECIAL NOTICES 

EoaWl 

F lo w e rs 

A C K E R M A N ’S B O W - 
K A Y F LO W E R S 
W e W ire Flow ers 
7 o 2 E Drexel 
5 3 2 - 4 5 4 7 

•PARADE SEATS# 
Battle Flow ers • Flam be au, W est­ sid e 7oo B lk 
B rd w y . F r o n t of 
Superior Pontiac. Benefit; Scout 
T roo p 5. 225-1222. 1oam lo 4pm 
M on-Fri. 494-2583 Oft. 4pm 

D A T IN G S E R V IC E 
M atc h m ak e r Inc. 344-1115 
Top cash paid tor yo ur old new ­ sp a p e rs and co rrugate d. 815 C e ­ r a g o A P C O P A P E R S T O C K 

U D R IV E O U R C A R S 
A N Y C IT Y -S H A R E G A S 
N.A.T., IN C . 
(713) 96o 1o3o 

Sealed bids will be received by the 
D irector of B u sin e ss Se rv ice s of 
Education Se rvice Center, R e gion 
2o fo r B ID O N P R I N T I N G O F 
R E G IO N 2o B R O C H U R E S until 
2:oo p.m.. A p ril 2o, 1977. item ized details are on tile ond av ailab le upon req uest In the P u rc h a sin g 
Office, Educatio n Se rvice Center, 
R e gion 2o, 1S5o N. E. Loop 41o, 
San Antonio, Te xos 782o9. 
June Potion, P u rc h a sin g Agent 

The N a v a r r o S c h o o ls of G e ro n ­ imo. T e xas hereby coll for bids on 
♦he follow ing: 
B ID 
I-A room addition to a gy m n asiu m 
B ID 11-Remove, replace, and fin­ ish a gy m n a siu m floor. 
Interested pa rlie s contact - J. B. 
Etheridge, Phone: (512-379-22o7). 

Ice H ouse or Lo unge . P ro p e rty and equipm ent included. $37,ooo. 
T e rm s 231o Culebra 735 5612 

LARDE RESTAURANT 
F or sale. Fully equipped, carpet­ ed. 2 m o nths in operation. M u st sell im m ediately due to d isso lvin g p a rtn e rsh ip . Lo w m o n th ly rent with long term ease. O n corner in high trotfic orea. P rice d right for q u ic k sale . F o r oppt. 927-4811 d ay s or atter 6 P M , 658-12o9 or ; 
433-34o9. 

$2,ooo-51o,ooo,ooo 
W hitely 534-8873. 
Contact M r. T. 

EQUITABLE 
TRUST COMPANY 
W e specialize In the pu rch ase of: 
•Chattel or R e al E state N otes 
•F in an cial Le asin g 
•F acto rin g A ccounts Re ceivable 
I N Q U IR E A T 226-o314 
1818 N B C Bldg. 
Son Antonio 

V Now you can launch a new career while you ^ 
^ k e e p your present job! Since Farmers l n - ^ 
^(surance group will train you without cost a n d ^ ( 
. ^ p a y you full commissions while you learn. ^ 
^ B e fo re you know it, you’ll be making waves^ 
T^in a rewarding life-time profession. Call for^C 
^ (fu ll details, Charles Manley at 656-8266. 
W r 'k 'k 'k 'k 'k 'k 'k 'k 'k 'k 'k 'k 'k 

CAREER 
OPPORTUNITY 
FASHION CONSPIRACY 
A 
Womans 
Retail 
Clothing 
Store, is looking tot toreer oriented, monogement ex­ perienced people. 
Dr Good Company benefits 
* Excellent advancement opportunities 
Apply in Person 
Windsor Park Mall 

ELECTRONIC 
TECHNICIAN 
* or ENGINEER * 

 with design capabilities ond experience in solid 

 state technology 

LANCER CORP. 
235 W. TURBO 
San Antonio 78216 
512— 344-3o71 

•qual opportunity employer 

STUARTS 
Ladies’ Wear 

Has opening tor experienced Assis­ tant Manager. Excellent storting salary, fully paid company benefits, 

Blue 
Cross Blue 
Shield, 
Major 
Mediccl, pension plan, j»oid holidays, paid vacation, moahon- dise discounts and more. 

Apply at Stuarts lower level 
Windsor Park Mall 
IO a.m.-9 p.m. 

L O A N S A v a ila b le for S h o p p in g 
Ce nte rs. O ffice B u ild in g s, A p ts. 
W arehouses, Etc, $25o,ooo up. Al- J so Equipm e nt 525,ooo up. F a rm s-1 
R a n c h e s , $25,ooo up. V e n tu r e ! 
Capitol, $1o,ooo up. Se con d M o rt , ga g e on Incom e Pro pe rty, $5o,ooo ; up. All rates and te rm s com peti­ tiv e . 
B r o k e r s a n d 
F i n d e r s ; welcom e. Contact: G L O B A L E N - 
T E R P R IS E S , P O B O X 1483, B a y I 
City, Tx. 77414. 

N E E D C A S H ? ? 
B U T H A V E N O C R E D I T ? ? ? 
Call Union Finan ce 223-6871 

L A U N D R O M A T fo r s a le : 24 w ashers, 2 big boys. 12 drye rs, 2 d r y c le a n in g m a c h in e s . G r o s s 
$3o-ooo annual. 653-8oo2 

124 • LEGAL NOTICES 

114 ENTERTAINMENT GUIDE 

A ID A C R E A T IO N S 
Flow ers W ire d N ation 
W ide-C ity W id e 
4 6 o o Blanco 
3 4 4 - 7 o 1 4 

G ERFERS FLO RIST 

Don & Margaret Christine* 
"The Finest Flowers For Every 
Occasion! 
Green & Blooming Plants- 
Terroriums-Fruit Baskets 
2oo7 Pleasanton 
922-12o1 
City Wide Service 

H U G H ’S FLO RIST 
4 locations To Serve Yob 
Colonies North Mall.. 
Valley-Hi Moll.......... 
Randolph Plaza— 
... 
McCreless M a ll......... 

A & R FLO RA L D E S IG N S 
Stuffed Rabbits! 

1 1 5 G o lia d 
5 3 2 - 7 8 4 7 

C H A R T E R 
Y O U R 
O W N 
F L IG H T ! B u sin e ss trips, fish in g trips, you nam e it, W e ll fly it! 
1-866-3471 

12o - BIDS & PROPOSALS 

CENTRAL PARK FLOWER CART 
Flowers Mode of Wood Shavings 
Look, Feel & Smell Real! 
For All Occasions & Mailed 
Anywhere 
131 Central Park Shopping Center 
3 4 2 -6 4 4 2 

HELEN ’S FLO W ER S H O P 
Serving.S.A Southside Area 
Most Reasonable Prices For Cosh 8 
Cony 
2217 Commercial 
924-464o 

M E N G E R FLO W ER S H O P 
M E N G E R H O TEL 
City W id e Delivery 
Master Charge 8 BankAmericard 

2o4 Alamo Plaza 
227-6391 

1o8-LOST AND FOUND 

The Crystal 
City 
Independent 
School District, County of 2ava!a, 
State of Texas, hereby gives notice as prescribed bv the Texas Educa­ tion Code, Subchapter Z, Article 
21 9o1 that it will receive bids for the purchase of lunchroom equip­ ment. Parties interested may come by the Superintendent s 
Office, 
Crystal City 
Independent School 
District ond pick up the specifica­ tions of such equipment. 
Said sealed Dias will be received in the office of Superintendent, 
Crystal City Independent Schooi 
District until 4 P.M. C.S.T. (Central 
Standard Time) April 8, 1977. Said sealed bids will be opened and awarded publicly al me Regular 
Board Meeting on Monday, April ll, 
1977. 
Further information can be ob­ tained in the office of the Superin­ tendent, Crystal City Independent 
School District, 8o5 t. Crockett St., 
Crystal 
City, 
Texas 
78839 
(Telephone 
374-2353 extension 
3o3). 
The Crystal City 
Independent 
School District reserves the right to reject any and oil bids. 

In com pliance with the 
Hom e M o rtg ag e Disclosure 
Act of 
1 9 7 5 , A la m o S a v ­ ings A ssociation has prepar­ ed a m ortgage loan disclo­ sure statement covering all pertinent loans m ode or purchased by it in 
197 6 . 
The statement is available for public inspection or copying during normal business hours at all of the 
A lam o Sa vin gs Association branch locations. 

ALAMO SAVINGS ASSOCIATION 
Clyde Johnson, jr. 
President 

M E N - W O M E N -C O U P L E S 
Retired M ilita ry W elcom e. N o In­ vestm ent, bondable, m u st h a ve suitable vehicle. 684-4947 M o n -F ri tor appt. K in g sm en 

R E A D Y c a sh to p u r c h a se y o u r; real estate m ortoges. 225-1475. 

S M A L L H O N O R L O A N S 
J U S T P R O M IS E T O P A Y 
A A A C R E D IT ____________223 6249 
Sta rtin g , e x p a n d in g , In ta n g ib le ! a c c o u n t s r e c e i v a b le . . .c a s h 1 a v a ila b le fo r th e se a n d o th e r ' m oney needs. C all 673-8857 now, 
I 

512 • INSTRUCTIONS 

LEASING AGENT 
FOR OFFICE PARK 

Must have successful office leasing background. 
Remuneration is negotiable. 
Located in Northwest section of the City. For additional information 
Call 732-1131 

Equal Opportunity Employer 

SALES ENGINEER 

San Antonio trode area. 
Must be experienced and qualified in heating, air conditioning and mechan­ ical trades. Salary open. 
Send resume to: Carl Rice, c/o O slin N ation Co., 
56o1 
Bintliff, Suite 51o, 
Houston, TX 77o36. 

SALES OPPORTUNITY 
DEANIF OWENS COMPANY REALTORS is looking for people interested in pursuing a career in Real Estate 
Sales. We can offer you a repute tion built on professional service to our clients. We con oho offer you on intensive compony wide ond In- 
House homing program designed to increase your chances of suc­ cess. 
For on appointment to further discuss your needs, ond ours, coll 
3 4 4 -6 2 o 7 

DEANIE 
OWENS CO. 
REALTORS— MIS 

N. WEST OFC. 

PROFESSIONAL 
S P I-PROFESSIONAL 

M O V E D T O E L P A S O 
8o A cre h o rse -b o a rd in g tra in in g farm . New m etal barn, 1oox165, 3o sta lls, in d o o r a re n a , ra c e run, go od house, pool. 5o m ile s S a n 
Antonio, term s. L A N D O N M A R ­ 
T IN , 494-6992 

MOVING! 
M u st sell en tire stock a sse ts in gro w ing R E S T A U R A N T . Located in m ain term inal building of Stin­ son Field Airport. In qu iries after 
SP M , 333-8274 

O P E N your own P IC -A -P O P Soft 
Drink F a cto ry Outlet. Full line of soft d r in k s , a d v e r t is e d an d a c ­ ce p te d w ith e x is t in g d e m a n d . 
S m a ll in v e s t m e n t c o u ld m e a n la r g e p r o fit . W r it e : E x p r e s s - 
New s Box 4556, Son Antonio, Tx 
78297. 

Solo Serve Co. has applied for a Wine 
Only 
Package 
Store 
Permit, lo­ cated at 114-128 
Soledad 
St., 
San 
Antonio, 
Bexar 
County. 
Corporate 
Officers: Milton C. 
Brenner, Chairman; 
Carl Brenner, Pres.; 
Robert J. 
Grimm, 
V.P.; David C. Lo­ pez, Sec-Treas. 

O U T H O U S E 
FACTO RY O U T LET 
W e are in te re ste d in ta lk in g to individuals who would like to own fa cto ry outlet clo th in g store, se llin g n a m e b r a n d c lo th e s at outlet prices. $15,5oo investm ent req uire d. C a ll J im m y Slenne tt, after 6PM , 1-8o6-652-2252. 

L O S T in v ic in ity of G e v e r s an d 
N e w B r a u n f e ls . G r a y te rn ate 
S c h n a u z e r d o g . 
A n s w e r s to 
'S i s s y '. C h i l d '* p e t. L i b e r a l 
R E W A R D ' 533-o522 _____________ 

Lost, Kentwood M anor, black La brado r puppy with brow n coilor, rew ard, please call 494 2588 

L O S T . Light fan m ale i pug, 'j chih uahua in vicinity A la m o Hts 
H ig h S c h o o l 
N a m e d 
B r u n o 
826-2571 otter 5pm 
L O S T m ale B lo odh ou n d, b lack a n d ton 
A n s w e r s to " K o j a k " . 
R e w o rd 344 3765________________ 
Lost: m ale long haired Siam e se w t h b u s h y t a il in v in ic it y of 
Oblate M cC u llo u gh 828-8962 
Lost: M ate P e e k-A -P oo go es bv the n am e of "F r itz ", black curly i hair with beige legs, 4' > y r s old, j 
R o b ie tag, C resthave n area. C all 
1925-821o or 344 o584.______________ 

'L O S T ; m ale white toy poodle in , 
‘R ain b o w H ills are a 674-669o 
L O S T : M o t o r o la H o n d y T a lk y : 
R a d io on R ittim an Rd, R E W A R D , 
1221 53o8.__________________________ iL O S T : One M a le Boxer, In Areo of IH IO W est an d D e Z o v a la Rd. 
C a l l ; 
699 1oo7 o r 
828-5588, 
R E W A R D O F F E R E D ___________ 

L O S T : toy P e k in g e se , m ale, ll. brow n. Vicinity of W Fre nch and 
N 
Sab inas. 
'C h ico '. 
R E W A R D ! 
735-3327 
______________________ 
L O S T : v ic in it y of O b la t e a n d 
B a rb a ra , sm a ll brow n an d white m ole C o ck e r 
H a ir cut short, no c o lla r 
N e e d s D r . 's T re a tm e n t. 
Re w ard, 824-o8o2______________ __ 
L O S T : young fem ale Siam e se cat, j 
C a lic o m a rk in gs. 
R E W A R D ! 
69o 1 3 7 6 ______________________ 
R e d a n d r u s t 2 y r otd m a le 
D O B E R M A N lo st in v ic in ity of 
15oo block of San A ngelo lo Dobie. 
$75 R E W A R D ! 349 5373 344 5777 

R E W A R D tor blonde I yr Cocker 
S p a n ie l n a m e d " S A D E Y E S . " 
V ic in ity O 'C o n n o r R d . in L a rk - spur 653 4o36 222-o832____________ 

THf N U M B tR TO C A U 
IS 325 1 6 6 6 fX P R IS S ANO NEWS 

1o8 -LOST AND FOUND 

REWARD 
F O R N O R W E G IA N E L K H O U N D 
N A M E D ' P E R K Y ” 
A 9 yr old spayed fem ale with M inot, North 
D akota rabies tags. 656-3521______ 
R E W A R D 
F o r retu rn of Photo a lb u m , (o ld tim e A ir p la n e p ic ­ tures) Sentim ental value. R. Kell- • m o an 333-8152_____________________ 
R e w ard Lost: solid black fem ale j 
G re a t D ane, R ittim a n R d area , 
826-7856 or B22 3869______________ 

R E W A R D : lo st b r o w n p u p p y , 
Shenandoah, m ale. 696-7282 

REWARD 

The Northside Independent School 
District will receive proposals for a 
General Construction Contract, in­ cluding all general construction, heating, pluming, air conditioning, electrical work, and sitework, for 
Construction of Alterations and Ad­ ditions to Helotes Elementary School. 

Sealed proposals will be received until 2:oo p.m., Wednesday, April 2o, 
1977, at the Administration Building, 
Northside 
Independent 
Schooi 
District, 59oo Evers Rood, Son An­ tonio, Texos, and then shall be publicly opened and rood aloud 

Information, plans ond specifications may be obtained at the offices of 
Noonan & Bracker & Dockery S 
Rogers, Architects and Engineers, 
2oo2 North St. Mary's Street, san An­ tonio, Texas. 

I will not be resp onsible tor a n y debts or d a m a ge s incurred other than m yself. M IC H A E L O 'B R IE N 
C H E R R Y 

SOI-BUSINESSOPPORTUNITIES 

A T U T O P IA 
C O U N T R Y K IT C H E N restaurant on M ain Street. Tw o story historic building, livin g qu arte r upstairs, only eating place within IS or 2o miles. 2' j tree-shaded lots adiom m g a v a ila b le olso. R e a so n a b le . 
See or call Louise M oore, Box 68, 
Utopia, Tx. Ph.512-966-3329. 
Autom otive R e p a ir Shop 
E x c e lle n t g ro w th . C o m p le t e ly equipped 533-o164 

B E E R C L U B -B a n d e r a Rd. G re a t potential C all 432 9o7o after U A M 
Boerne- Antlaue b a r need F o m i ly style R estaurant, 1-336-2173. 

BUSY CORNER 
26x5o bldg and lot, Schertz 
828 o665 
736-1766 
534-4439 
W A T S O N 4 S O N R E A L T O R S m o le B r it ta n y S p a n ie l, w h ite - rust, 656-7386 828-8444 ext 251 
$2oo R E W A R D , N O Q U E S T IO N S 
A S K E D , tor in form ation le ad in g lo return of G e rm an Shepherd, I y r o ld f e m a le , m i s s i n g in 
Yorktow n- W eesatch e area. C all collect 512 $64-3625 
Singe r m achine lost F rid a y night in W o n d e rla n d P a r k in g . S e ria l num ber registered with police. No 
Questions' R E W A R D ' 734 8755 

TIO SPECIAL NOTICES 

P R E S T IG IO U S O F F IC E S P A C E 
In gro w in g N W. sector. R e a so n a ­ ble rates 
G reate r S.A. B u ller* 
Assoc 
8925 N W IH IO 696-38oo 
A' A o u ge r cleans clogged drains ond sew ers best plum bing repair loo. One co ll do es ii all, p ric e s b e fo re w e start. S e v e n d a y s a week. Call anytim e 341-6124 or the white p a ges for A A o u ge r_______ 
Alm ost Free Transp ortation 
T o 
St. 
L o u is , 
C in c in n a t i, 
H a rrisb u rg Pa. and New O rleans, j, 
And Other points. 224-2221.________( 

FUR RENT 
H o u rly or d aily A u d ito riu m and 
P arty room beautiful N orth Side 
Location, great for m usic, clubs, p a r t ie s , w e d d in g r e c e p t io n s , m e e t in g s of a ll k in d s . C a ll 
344 4539. N e a r N o r th S t a r o n d 
Central P a rk M all. 

FO R SALE 
Bids will be accepted for until 2roo p.m., Tuesday, April 12, 1977 on the following surplus equipment and materials belonging to me Tort Sam 
Houston Independent School District os listed below: 

1 • 1962 International Harvester 
Tractor - model 4o4. 
2 • Flail Mower 
3 • Space Heater (gas) 
4 • Overhead Protection 
5 ■ Fluorescent Fixtures 
6 • Incandescent Fixtures 
7 - 2S inch Block ond White TVs. 
Bid forms may be obtained from the 
Business 
Monager, 
19oo 
Wmons 
Rood, San Antonio, 78218. Phone 
824 7535 
The Board reserves the right to reject ony or all bids end woive all formalities. 

$15,ooo C a s h o r T e r m s , w e ' negotiate w ith se rio u s q u a lifie d b u y e rs only. L o c a lly ow ned n a t io n a lly f r a n c h is e d P e r s o n n e l 
C o n su ltin g firm , located on Sa n 
A n to n io 's b o o m in g N S . D o in g c pro fitable b u sin e ss is a v a ila b le 
For further inform ation write The 
E x p re ss N ew s Box 453o, 78297. 

C H R IS T I A N B o o k Store , N o rth side M all. Good business, $14,ooo cash Ph. 342-4811 or 653-8411 

C O U N T R Y G R O C E R Y Store with sto ck a n d e q u ip m e n t. W ill con sid e r se llin g se p arate . 12 m ile s out 281 South 626-99o2 

D IS T R IB U T O R S H IP 
Golden 
O pportunity. 
$5,ooo 
655-18o8. 
E n tire store fixtu re s equipm ent, o lso m e r c h a n d ise , r e a s o n a b le . 
M y re s Arr*',* Store 226 W Houston, contoct M a x M M M ilita ry Co. 144 
E Houston 226-4981 342-5865 

O W N E R R E T IR IN G 
G a ra g e and auto pa rts on ’ i acre, auto parts building ha s 3ooo sa. ft. and rents for $5oo a mo. G a ro g e building has 26oo sa. ft. with lots of rent space and nets $1,ooo a mo. 
M e c h a n ic w ill s t a y w ith n e w ow ner if desired. Id e a l location, good term s. 349-1479 
Hector J Herbeck Inc., R e alto rs 
Own Y o ur Ow n B u sin e ss" W hite 
Auto Store s. 391o C a ll Fie ld R d 
W ichita Falls, Tx (817)692-341o 

KEY 
PUNCH 

4 Short W eeks 

O th e r Train in g in: 
Computer Operations 
Computer Programming 
Medical Assistant 
Medical Secretary 
Nurse s Aide/Orderly 

Call 224-9286 
CBM 
Education Center 
1121 Navarro 

P rim e retail sp a ce , South P a r k 
M a li, 99o sq .ft. A v a ila b le i m ­ m ediately. 333-o141 or 927-5411 

PROFIT OPPORTUNITY 
D u n n & B r a d s t r e e t s a y s C o in 
O p e r a t e d 
L a u n d r y a n d D r y 
C le a n in g S to re s a re one of two industries with the least failure figures.' 
K W I C K W A S H c o in o p e r a t e d la u n d r y a n d d r y c le a n in g te st stores for sole. 
W E H A V E choice la u n d ry lo c a ­ tions in every part of San Antonio ready to build now. 
B A N K R A T E F IN A N C IN G 
For intorm otion call E d Floyd 
512-684-3771 o r v is it o u r w a r - e h o u se -sh o w ro o m at 54o3 J a c k - wood, Son Antonio. Tx 78238 
Ford C o m m e rcial Sale s Inc 
T he W o rld 's L a rge st 
Speed Queen D istributor 

HALLMARK 
AIKO-TECH^ 

BECO M E A LICEN SED 
A V IA T IO N T E C H N IC IA N 
NEW CLASSES BEGIN APRIL lith 
• Approved for'Veterans 
• Accredited MATTS Institution 
• FAA Approved 
• Courses in Airframe ond Power - plant 
• Quality for FAA AAP License 
• Course Duration 12 Months 
• Job Placement Assistance 

VISIT OR C A U 
H A L L M A R K A E R O TECH 
113o 99th St., Stinson Field 
San Antonie, Texas 78214 
9 2 4 -8 5 5 1 

THE UNIVERSITY 
OF TEXAS AT 

SAN ANTONIO HAS 

THE FOLLOWING 

POSITIONS AVAILABLE: 

Utilities Superintendent 

Diagnostic Micro 

Biologist 

Administrative 

Secretory 

Secretory 

Sr. Clerk Typist 

Clerk Typist 

Guard 

Building Attendant 

Duplicating Equipment 

Operator ll 

Animal Attendant ll 

For further intormotion, contoct the University of 
Texas at San Antonio, 
Personnel Office, 691-425o 
UTSA IS A N (Q U A L 
O PPORTUNITY / 
AFFIRMATIVE ACTION 
EMPLOYER 

 s o o o o o c 

EXECUTIVE 

POSITION OPEN 

Statewide education association! seeking Executive Director for staff of approximately 18. College background essential 
Teaching experience desirable. 
Must be able to hovel. Some weekend j and night work involved. Salary negotiable ond based an ex­ perience. 
In neighborhood of 
$21,ooo or more. 
Interested parties should coll 
512/477-9415 or write P. o. Box 
1489, Austin, Texas 78767 for job description. Resumes must be I received prior to May T. 

PUBLIC INFORMATION 
COORDINATOR 
To provide public information services for the San Antonio Union 
Junior College District. Graduation from a four-year college, preferably with a degree or extensive course work in journalism 
(commu­ nications), ond practical, working- media experience in the prepara­ tion of public information. (Submit application with resume to District 
Personnel Office, 13oo Son Pedro 
Ave., 78284). 

R E A L E S T A T E S A L E S 

 u t ate accepting applixotiom now 

 for oui soon to open Wol;em Rood 

 off ic e Lx_tenti*e in house training 

 program iot, confidential 
" ler*ie« coli Ned le lsh o e O' 114 

Jo1,! 

 l l o s o u r & l t f m 
* 

M A U ORS - 5o TiARS OF T IV S! 

NEW OPENINGS 

ROUTE SALESMEN 
★ Commercial 
License Required 

Apply at 
2o1 E. Grayson 
Canada Dry 
Bottling Co. 

SALES CAREER 
BUSINESS EQUIPMENT 
Noir** altar* (*oll«»|in* apply lo, 
»«* r»preunion** ako tin tiroes dew* Ie turned 'Hroupti uHinf. Mi*. 
I yr*, renege cr egweaient kuueett e«p. Freuiem wilma eip. deiirakie. ti cepheus! rem pee* Weeki*. Salary + ie erie. win Ie tramlag. 
Call CJT. Ogon or R.L looney for Interview 
3424248 weekdays 
656-o879 eves, or weekends 
Monroe, 
The Cakulator Co. 
*q*at eppartueify aetplayw 

Workers 
Compensation 
Claim Supervisor 

 needed for 
Houston area. 
4-5 years ex­ perience needed. Salary open 

Co n tact Jack F lahive 
7 3 6 -1 9 6 1 

 equal opportunity employer 

A D V E R T IS IN G S A L E S 
L e a d in g N o t io n a l P u b lic a t io n ne eds e n e rg e tic R e p re se n ta tiv e fo r e s t a b lis h e d S a n A n t o n io 
M a g a z in e . S u c c e ssfu l a p p lic a n t will be bright, pe rsonab le and self m otivated. Id e a l o p po rtunity tor w om an d e sirin g en tran ce to the b u s i n e s s w o r ld . P le a s e c a ll 
341-492o fo r in te r v ie w a p p o in t ­ ment. E O E 
A P R O F E S S IO N A L P A Y C H E C K for a p ro fe ssio n al job well done. 
Sell fine hom es in Son Antonio, full o r p a r t - t im e • n o e x p e r ie n c e needed, lf you have o ye ar of col­ lege, o r a r e ta k in g (o r p lan to take) a R e a l Estate course, or are licensed, w e’d like to folk to you. 
F o rm o l train ing school + on-the- job t r a in in g . W e s p e c ia liz e in b uyers co m in g in from out of town 
A s s i s t a n t D ir e c t o r , n u r s in g , j who m ake a decision in 1-3 days, health an d safe ty p r o g ra m s for j D o n ’t be afraid to call o m a n a ge r 
Lo cal R e d C ro ss Chanter. Exten- ; now 

REAL ESTATE SA LES 
The 
Red 
Carpet office on 
Nacogdoches Ro. hos openings now for 3 professional soles people, if you ore interested in residential sales in the choke NE area and hove of least I yr. ex­ perience, call now for con­ fidential interview. 
Excellent working environment, dint 
Drogoo 828-8195. 

R E A D Y T O S T A R T 
A 2 N D C A R E E R ? 
R E S T A U R A N T 
F o r Sale. B uy equity ond a ssu m e le a se of $34o m onth. F o r 8,ooo sq.ft. b u ild in g , e q u ip m e n t a n d la n d v a lu e d at $5oo,ooo. L e a s e renewed au to m atically unless you c a n c e l. 
S e a t s 
15o-24o. 
C o it 
1-723-o291, after SE M . 

D A Y & N IT E C L A S S E S 
E N R O L L N O W 
K eypu n ch , Se cre taria l, A c c o u n t­ ing, D ratting and All O ther B u si­ ness Courses. 
Vet A p proved 
D U R H A M C O L L E G E 
1o5 San Pedro 
225-54o1 
Finish H igh School at H om e 
D ip lo m a aw arded. F o r free b ro ­ chure, coll A m e rica n School, tool free: 1-8oo-621-8318.___________ 
H A L L M A R K A E R O T E C H 
113o 99th ST, Stinson Field 
I 
____________ 924-8551______________j 

R E D W O R M S B u y b a c k c o n - ) L e a r n P ro fe s sio n a l B a r te n d in g ; tracts, tim e p a ym e n t plan, H o r- j A n d B a r M a n a ge m e n t, a W o rld- vest m ach in e s and books a v a ila - i W ide profession for m en and : ble. 
A r n o ld 's 
W o r m 
F a r m ‘ women. 
Inc.,64o7 O risk an y, Son Antonio. 
B R O T H E R H O O D S C H O O L O F 
T X 78247. 656 oo16. A n s w e r in g service 494-7331 
R E S O R T M O T E L S 
38 U N IT S p iu s re n te d s t o r e s , lounge, restau ran t and party hall. 
High incom e ye ar round 
17 U N IT S w ith g r e a t pote ntial. 
L o u n g e , r e s t a u r a n t , p o o l a n d rive r frontage. 
Tower View Inc. 732-G157 

BARTENDING 
1o15 Ja ck son -K e lie r rm . 2o2 
349-26o1 
A T e x a s Certified T ro d e School. 
Free job assistance. D isco u n t to 
Veterans. 
N ew C la sse s B egin A p ril 4th 
R E G IS T R A T IO N : M o n a n d W ed nile 7 P M -1 o P M 
. 
LEWIS BARBER COLLEGE 
62o8 S. F lore s 
924-388o 

Restaurant near downtown, fully equipped, all otters c o n sid e re d , 
341-8425 att 5, anytim e w kends 

Southw est Sch oo l of M e d ic a l As- sistonce. 224-2296 U S B ro a d w a y 

S a v e 3 o % 1ox12 M o r g a n R e d 
Barn, Term s, Fre e Del. 732-5171. 

Sealed bids wilt be received by the 
Directo r of B u sin e ss Se rv ice s of 
Education Service Center, R e gion 
JO tor B ID O N R E G IO N 2o S L ID E 
P R E S E N T A T IO N until 2:oo p.m., 
A pril 2o,1977. Item ized details are on file and availab le upon request in the P u rc h a sin g Office, E d u c a ­ tion Se rv ic e Center, R e g io n 2o, 
155o N. E. Loop 41o, Sa n Antonio, 
T e xas 782o9 
_June Patton, P u rc h a sin g A gen t 

E S T A B L IS H E D 
Beauty Salon clientele. All equip­ ment, furniture, fixtures in sale. 
M A C R E A L E S T A T E 828-2S21 
F A S T F O O D 
Located in b u sy in d u stria l area. 
Fully equipped. F o r sale or lease with option to buy. 
R E A G A N & CO. 
15o2 N. P A N A M EXPW Y.227-63o) 

V eteran Inquiries W elcom e 
Texas Vocational Schooi * 

6o1 - PROFESSIONAL 

Good ie a s e S ls o o * 684 t & V a t o r ^ 
W A N w a n te d .^ J s t*h a v ^ sa m p le s 
Good jggsg q f t e r 3 j of work. call IC O Sy ste m s 941-8156 

COUPLE NEEDED 
A S H O U S B 
P A R E N T S 

For a group Foster home 
For boys. Centrally locat­ ed in Son Antonio, Tx. 
G ood salary and bene­ fits. 

Presbyterian 
Children’s Home 
St Service Agency 

224.1756 

NOriCE TO 
JOB APPLICANTS 
Advertisements in these rolumns ore 

 ojcepted on the premise that jobs of tered will be filed on the basis of merit without discrimination because of sex unless the 
|ob is a bonofide or- 
(upationol qualification 
EMPLOYMENT 
AGENCIES 
I he San Antonio Private Employment 
Association has o rigid [ode of Ethics lo which all its pnvote employment agency members subscribe, for in formation about private employment 

 stye w ater safety experience and degree required. Call D. C arlso n 
826-8611. 
E q u a l 
O pportunity 
E m p lo y e r________________________ 
C o n su ltin g en ginee ring firm has an opening for a civil enginee ring d ra ftsm a n with a m in im u m of J y r s e x p . on s u b i d v i s lo n im ­ p r o v e m e n t s a n d m u n ic ip a l prote cts. S a la r y c o m m e n su ra te with ability. C all 349-o151 for appt. 
D r a f t s m a n - f o r m illw o r k sh o p d r a w in g s . W o rk fro m a r c h it e c ­ tu ral plans, experience desired, b u t not e s s e n t ia l. 
826-o611 
7.3o-4pm. P aul Geisler. 

IN T E R S T A T E 828-o755 til 8 pm 

A s s is t a n t to o w n e r, p a r t tim e m a n a g e m e n t p o s itio n in lo c a l co nsum er se rvice outlet. $12,ooo a y e a r startin g. F o r in te rvie w a p ­ pointm e nt call 674-6872 betw een 
9am -2pm M on-Sat._______________ 

AVON 
To buy or sell 
C o ll 226-o941 

D R IL L IN G S U P E R V IS O R , need ed b y C r y s t a l O il C o m p a n y to supe rvise p ro gre ss of w ells being d rilled by co ntracto r crew s. A p ­ p lic a n t s m u st h a v e a t le a s t 3 y e a r s e x p e r ie n c e a s d r i l l i n g supe rviso r and have the abilty to be effe ctive on the fir st d a y of e m p lo y m e n t. W e o re oriented co m p an y an d need peo­ ple w ho w ill gro w with us. Fine 
: s a l a r y a n d b e n e fits p a c k a g e . I 
Send resum e or contact: P erso n 

BE SOMEONE SPECIAL 
M eet people, give them their hon est opinion, they will be h appier and you are handsom e ly re w a rd ­ ed Sa n A n to n io 's oldest la rg e st s p e c i a l is t in L U X U R Y a p a r t ­ m en ts an d to w n h o u se s o re now a ° v 
( in tervie w in g licensed people for g ro w tn [ c a re e r staff ap p o in tm e n ts. C all 
G ay le 341-9176.___________________ 

 agencies, oi adion on complaints, call 
7.4 78o? at the 
Better 
Business 
Buroou 

B U I L D E R ’S R E P 
_ 
_ 
_ _ 
_ 
_ 
Re prese ntive for N orth east areo. ne! D irector, C ry sta l Oil Co. P O I E X P E R I E N C E D P R E F E R R E D 
B ox 211o1, Shreveport, Lo. 7112o. but not m a n d a to r y . G o o d com - 
E q u a l 
Opportunity 
E m p lo y e r < m is s io n a r r a n g e m e n t - m u s t be 
M -F . a g g re ssiv e and urbane 
------------------------------------------------------------------H A R R IN G T O N H O M E S 
C all B a rb a ra , 9-1, 344-1624 
I 
ENGINEER $16,5oo 
E E de gre e + experience in air co n d itio n in g ond he ating, other m oint. an d open d e sig n exp. on ligh tin g and se c o n d a ry d istrib u tion. B E L L E m p lo y m e n t A g e n cy 
824-7485. 46oo B ro ad w ay 

C O M E W IT H U S, ond learn new fields of real estate in o u r be au ­ tifully rem odeled office suites. 
I 
M A C R E A L E S T A T E 828-2521 
D E A N I E O W E N S CO ., S .E . O F ­ 
F IC E , N E E D S T w o experienced soles agents. E a r n from $12,ooo to 
$25,ooo per year. A sk tor Suzanne 
Sm ith, 532-5245.__________________ 

E x p . m u n ic ip a l an d su b d iv isio n 

I d raftsm en in est. A ustin consutt- 
I in g e n gin e e rin g firm . C a ll D o u g 
512-454-o371 or w rite B ry a n t Cu- i rington Inc. 3423 G u ad alu p e 787o5 
E 
O 
E 
________________ 

2316 S F L O R E S , Co rn er bldg for rent,$9$ m o G o o d tor T V R a d io shop, ap p lian c e , n o tary, be au ty shop, etc 226 6986 

S M A L L M O T E L - B I G IN C O M E sor 8157 
Ten units, sm a ll a p artm e n t, on a b b a p j j n n i i r t I r*n— m o busy South side street. Exce llen t j 
C rystal^ Oil C o m p a n y 
,s condition 828-46o2. se a r c h in g for s e v e r a l a r e o for- 
So u th sid e L o u n g e for rent. C a r- lem en with at least 5 ye a rs exper- building construction co m pany e 
I _ 
I 
,6 AISAA aw \ i * I. s. _ _ -J. I J 
* 
C I C I h C M f t l k l C C D C 

! I M M E D I A T E V A C A N C IE S exist jo t M D IN A V A L L E Y IS D . Costor- 
1 Ville, for an E N G L IS H - S P A N IS H c o m b in a tio n te a c h e r at J u n io r 
H igh and an E N G L IS H teacher al 
( H i g h s c h o o l. B o th s e c o n d a r y 
I le v e l. 
P le a s e c o ll 
677-8229, 
C O N S T R U C T IO N E S T IM A T O R , ! M r . R o b e r t L a n e , to r a p p '! . 
R e s id e n t ia l h o u s in g , q u a lit y \ M e d tn o V a lle y IS D is an e q u a l b u ild e r , p r e v io u s e x p e r ie n c e : opportunity em ployer.____________ required, call M r. E id e r for a p - 1 IN S T R U C T O R A V IA T IO N M A IN pointm en! at 494-34o1. An E q u a l 
T E N A N C E . M u st h ave F A A - A 
Opportunity E m ployer.__________ ; o nd P Lice n se , te a c h in g ex p e r- 
M i u i t T i i a M T i n u fence preferred, full tim e position. 
CONSTRUCTION 
_ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ 
J O B H U N T IN G ? $I2 $65,ooo. B e r­ n a r d H a ld a n e & A s s o c . (51 2 ) 
342-3166. 
S in c e 
5947. 
N o t o placem ent agency._______________ 

E a r n between $15,ooo and $35,ooo per year, b u y in g and se llin g real estate on a state w ide basis. N o experience n e cessary, will troin. 
ERA JACK MITCHELL 
532-31o7 
R E A L T O R 

G A L L E R Y needs m ature full tim e and part tim e sales people to sell je w e lry a n d a rt o b je cts. S a le s e x p erien ce p refe rre d. In te rvie w bv oppt. 227-6545 (Io am -6 p m d a i­ ly ) . H E L E N J O H N S O N G A L - 
L E R Y , H e m isph e re P laza 

L E A S E A N D E A R N 
W e need an experienced le asin g agent or we will train you in our ieasinq dept Ap plicants m ust be fa m ilia r with apt industry. In te r­ ested p e rsons m ust subm it a lef­ ter of references and resum e and a lso h a ve a c u rre n t re al e state sa le sm a n s license. E a r n in g s are d e p e n d e n t on y o u r a b ility a n d h a rd w ork. W ill w ork in A ustin 
Q ualified p e rsons send letters ond r e su m e s in c a re of: P e r so n n e l 
Dept, 1ooo W 
Ave, Austin, T X 
787o1. 

L O C A L A M W A Y D IS T R IB U T E R , sta rt now, o p p o rtu n ity tor go od earn ings, you pick the hours, we train, tor interview coll 656-5914. 
L o c a l m o v in g an d s to r a g e c o m ­ pany, age n t for national m o vin g com pany, h a s an opening for full t im e s a le s m a n . 
E x p e r ie n c e prefe rre d. Stra ig h t c o m m issio n 
M u st h ave ow n cor, gasolin e fu r­ n ish e d . B u s y s e a s o n a b o u t ta begin. C all tor Interview 333-333o, 

ENCYCLOPAEDIA 
BRITANNICA 
So le s people are am o n g the h igh ­ est paid in the w orld 
I. Im m ediate openings 
I 2. W e will train 
I 3. M U s t have car 
4 We work leods oppt basis 
F o r pe rsonal interview 
Call 732-21o5 

M A R K E T IN G - S A L E S M G R 
W e have a requirem ent for a p e r­ so n w ith a p ro fe ssio n a l atltu d e w h o h a s been fo rc e d to re tire from retail sale s m gm t. R a re op portunity to develop a sa le s pro ­ g ra m and a sale s force tor a local m a r k e t in g c o rp w ith an e x c e p ­ tional tine of products. Exce llent possibilities for unlim ited grow th w ith b o n u s an d p o te n tia l stock option in corp. S a la ry negotiable. 
Send re su m e an d re fe re n ce * to 
E x p re ss-N e w * B ox 4419 

PERSONNEL im m e d ia t e o p e n in g s in la r g e 

E X P E R I E N C E D 
MEAT 

C O V E R I N G S S A L E S P E R S O N , apply in person 2432 Austin Hw y 

F L O O R 
Strict gro o m in g code. N o exper 

 pet, central air- heat. $2oo m onth 
819 Q uintana Rd. 226-779o 

F L O W E R S H O P 
G o od investm ent, excelle nt lo c a ­ tion. go o d re tire m e n t. 2 m ile s fro m L a k e M a th is. A ls o 2 c o m ­ m ercial lots. 1-547-326 8-5. A sk for 
Judy. 

S P E C IA L IT Y L I N G E R I E S H O P , 
O w ner retiring, will train buyer 
R O S S I R E A L T Y 
494-778! 

 ie n c e lo h a n d le p r o d u c t io n of o p e ra tin g fields In South T e x a s an d L o u isia n a C a n d id a te s m u st h a ve p ro ve n fr o c k re c o rd w ith em ployees production, an d eauip- 

U s e d 
1ox16, 
T e r m s , 
D e livery, 924 5oo3 

W E B U Y 
B u sin e sse s and Inventories 
J. K A H N & A SS O C . 342-4822 

F I E L D E N G I N E E R S 
3 ye ars experience 
Q U A L IT Y C O N T R O L 
IN S P E C T O R 
_ 
M u st be w illing to m ove from city men!. E xce lle n t s a la r y , benefits 
*° c,*9 ond future. P le ase send re su m e 
Se n d re su m e in co n fid e n ce to: to: P e rso n n e l D ire c to r, C r y s t a l 
P / o n k lin K o h u te k , B -F -W C o n- 
Oil Co , P O B ox 211o1, Shreveport, J ^ r u c t io n Co., '« c . P O B o x 628 
L o 
7112o. E q u a l O p p o r t u n it y 
T * 765° L E « uo1 oppor- 
E m ployer, M -F ___________________ I funitv E m p lo y e r_________________ 

P a r o c h ia l S c h o o l n e e d s J u n io r ! 
H ig h M o th a n d S o c ia l S t u d ie s teach ers for ‘77-78. P le a se send r e s u m e s to th e E x p r e s s a n d J 
New s, Box No. 4531, 78297._______ 
P E R S O N A L L IN E S 
U N D E R W R IT E R 
2 y r s e x p e rie n c e u n d e rw rit in g fa m ily at o m o b lle an d - o r p e r ­ sonal property. S a la ry open. Con \ tact Je rry M ille r 736-74o1 

FARM AND RANCH SALES 
C all J.M . Cum lltnan, Re alto r 

 ience n e ce ssa ry . O p p o rtu n ity to advance. 684-4947, 656-85o7 
KINfiS MEN 

F U L L 
T I M E 
T E L E P H O N E ; 
S A L E S O P E R A T O R , p o s s ib le m a n a g e m e n t p o s itio n . 
C a ll! 
924-32oo or ap ply at 172o SW M ill-' tory D r . _____________________ 

N u rse rym an , T e x a s certified, du tie s in c lu d e c a r e a n d s a le s of tre e s a n d s h r u b s. S a la r y c o m ­ m en su rate with experience, co n ­ tact 
Jim 
Schulz 
N u e rse ry , 
1-42o-2325- 
___________________ 

P lACf YOU# W ANT AD 
IN THI (X P R IS S N tW S 
CALI 225-1666 

\ 

BIB MMIMSTMUVE 
FiNMCIM 

£ )cut le i 'JacA 
Needs 

C O S T 

A 
C 
C 
O 
U 
N 
T A 
N 
T 

★ experienced in Snoek Foods 

★ Manufacturing or related industry helpful 

 if Attractive Salary and Benefits 

5 3 4 - 6 1 o 3 , E x t . 4 2 

Equal O p p ortu n ity Em ployer 

KEYPUNCH OPERATORS 

Minimum I year Experience 

FULL TIME 
6 p.m .*2 a.m. 

APP LY IN PER SO N 
9 aam .-I p.m. 
FROST B A N K 
PERSONNEL DEPT. 
IOO W. Houston St. 

{q u a t O p p o rtu n ity Im p lo y or 

SKILLS TRADES 

San Antonio EXPRESS-NEW S— Saturday A pril 3 1977 

-SKILLS-TUBES 616- HMA MHNMW CB 
I jjj M H W SERVICES 

P a g e 
I T-F 
618 n m w m t a m a 

TRUCK DRIVERS 

G r o w in g C o m p a n y N e e d s 

E X P E R IE N C E D H E A V Y D U T Y 
TRUCK DRIVERS 

K E Y P U N C H 
O P E R A T O R 

Evening shift. 
Monday- 
Friday. IBM 129 or o29, experience desired. 
Per­ manent, full time position, excellent working con­ ditions, salary progression, company benefits. 

2 23-1B71 

Must be dependable with good and driving records, local only. work 

 lf you meet these offer the following: 

Top Salary 

Paid Sick leave 

 life Insurance 

 qualifications, we 

Paid Vacation 

Uniforms furnished 

Hospitalization 

Christmas Bonus 

EXPERIENCED 
COLLECTOR 

For inside and outside collections 

Major Department Store 

C a ll M r . C la y 
3 4 9 -o o o 1 

P A R T T IM E 
T E L E P H O N E P E O P L E 
•Monday thru Friday 
•Pleasant working conditions 
•Earnings are unlimited 
•Start work immediately 
•Will train if no experience 
Coil Mr, M ack 
732-2111 
_ 
ET. C L A R K S P R IN G S 
P E O P L E G R E E T E R 
$475 
Life skills for personality spat Ca!) 
Lynn 828-4424 New Oay Personnel 
Comite, 9o1 N E Loop 41o 

Contact Carlos Gloria 

224-4651 between 8am-5pm 

 on equal opportunity employer- 

SKILLED VACANCIES 
(Tem porary) 

Friedrich, a division of Wylain Inc., has im mediate openings for personnel with skills in the following areas: 

TOOL AND DIE MAKER 

MAINTENANCE MECHANIC 

MACHINIST 

ELECTRICIAN 

MODEL MAKER 

JIG BUILDER 

CASE ASSEMBLER ’ 

REPAIRMAN 

Applicants skilled in any of the areas shown above should apply as soon as possible. 

F r i e d r i c h 

(Grade I) 
$4.95 

(Grade 7} 
$4.59 

(Grade 7) 
$4.59 

(Grade 7) 
$4.59 

(Grade 6) 
$4.2o 

(Grade 6) 
$4.2o 

(Grade 5) 
$3.8o 

(Grad* 5) 
$3.8o 

Now Accepting 
Applications 
For 
PM CAR HOP 

Apply in person 
At Frontier Drive-ins 
2727 G O LIA D RD. 

Promotions-publlc relations, port time to start, could work into full time postion for rig h t p erson, most be neat, attractive, a ggre s­ sive, personality, som e lite typing, must be tree to work 2 evenings per week to begin with. Cat! Biti 
Rogers 694-4593 between S-Spm 
M onday-Friday.____________ _ _ _ 

11 
A Division of Wylain, Im. 
I 

I 
Equal O pportunity Em ployer 
J 

BROILER 
MAN 

Part time for evening hours 

Coll Mrs. Neiman 

Between 9:3o-5:3o 

Tuesday-Soturdoy 

492-1o63 

(Must have own transportation) 

S E C R E T A R Y , General office, fee reim bursed. E co n -O -R e so u rce s, 
42o4 Gardendale, 699-1o15. 
W a n t lo c a l C o lle g e S tu d e n t 
Clerk-T yp ist, bookke e p in g exp. helpful No sm oking, good pay. 
F IS H E R S, 145o N E Loop 41o. 

•SALES 

S3 PER HOUR PLUS co m m issio n to start, ca llin g on our cu stom e rs C o r n e ce ssary. 
M ust be neat and clean-cut 
494 3 8 1 2 _______________________ 
Position available im m ediate in 
S a n 
A n to n io 
*or 
S a le s m a n fam iliar with m edical Industries up to 2oK per year. Ail benefits and stock options. Send resum e to 
Setae. Inc. 4oo E. Anderson Lane, suite 33o. Ausim , Tx 78752._______ 
R E A L E S T A T E S A L E S 
E xperien ced salespeople to d is­ cu ss new b roker-sotesm an re la ­ tionship New com pany and new lOO’o c o m m iss io n co n ce p t for s a le s p e rso n n e l. C a ll fo r co n fidential appointment. 
R O U G H R ID E R R E A L T Y 
Jim Costello, Broker, 655-1129 

6o8-SECRETARIAL 
812 MEDICAL 

REAL ESTATE SALES 
W e n e e d I sa le s p e rs o n to sp e cialize in better re sid e n tia l properties on the Northside, will co n sid e r m in im u m e x p e rie n ce but req u ire a p rofessional atti­ tude. Best working condition. All interview s condfidentiul. R E A L ­ 
TORS. 341-72o1 

SECRETARY WANTED 
Position available for the right in­ dividual. 
Pleasant surroundings and dedicated staff in new organizotion. Type 6o wpm, some shorthand, filing. 
Solory starts from $65o month. 

• Excellent Health Insurance 
• life insurance 
• Holidays e Vocation 
• Sick leave 
• free parking 
• Central location on bus lines 
Call Terri O ften 
2 2 5 -4 4 2 6 for appointment by April 6 
{quo! Opportunity Employer 

RNs & LVNs 
3-11 and 11-7 
Full A Part Time 
EXPERIENCED AIDES 
(Non-Smokers please) apply IO a.m. to Noon 
H ills id e M a n o r 
8 3 1 o G au lt Lane 
8 2 8 - o 6 o 6 

855o PR SECRETARY 
Good office skirts required! 
New position! Health service! 
S P E A R S Personnel Service 
2o7 Jackson-Kefler 
628-1392 
REAL ESTATE SALES 
Opening a new branch office in 
N E. S a n A n to n io h as cre a te d openings for additional sates per I sonnel in two of our offices, in ! addition to a generous c o m m is -1 sion schedule, we offer a profit shoring plan. social security and i medical insurance paym ents plus [ S E C R E T A R Y 
Applicant should excep tional office a c c o m m o d o have stro n g se c re ta ria l excep ­ tions in excellent locations. Please | tence w ith d e m o n st r a t e d e l­ ect! me for a confidential inter ;ficiency ond good organizational view if you ore licensed and con- abilities. M u s t h a v e e xce lle n t siderm g ch anging com panies or j p u n c tu a tio n , s p e llin g a n d 

RECEPTIONIST 

STATISTICAL TYPIST 
C P A O F F IC E 
A P P L Y IN P E R S O N 
2ooo A L A M O N A T L B L D G 

 p re p a rin g lo apply for a lic e n ­ sed. u ss Klinginsm ith 342-41oo 

WORLD WIDE REALTY 
Sale s • F u ll lime, pretor flow er shop exp. The Arbor. North Star 
M all 349-3647_________________ 

SALESLADIES’ 

POSITIONS open at L e n n y s ' Southside a n d n o rth sid e sto re s 
E x p e r ie n c e preferred. Good salary, em ployee d isc o u n t, h o sp itiliza tio n . p a id vacatio n . No phone ca lls. See 
M is s M itchell or M r s G re e n at 
L E N N Y 'S 
M cCreless 
Shopping 
City 
__________ 
Sales Ladies reodv to w ear ex 
Derienced full time or part time 
Apply in person only. 
447 W, 
Hildebrand_______________________ 
S E E O U R A O U N D E R B U S I ­ 
N E S S 
O P P O R T U N IT IE S 
______________________ ____________ 
K IN G S M E N .______________________ T e m p o r a r y S e c r e t a r ia l h e lp 
Um aue growth opportunity with a needed A p ril 1o-M a y I, cou ld 

 g ra m m a r s k ills 
K n o w le d g e of m edical te rm in o lo gy is helpful. 
Fast accurate typing skirts are necessary plus good shorthand or speed writing abilities. We offer a 
5 day week with excellent benefits and pleasant w orking conditions. 
Salary is dependent on abilities. 
P le a s e ca ll P e r s o n n e l O ffic e 
474-141o Southwest Foundation tor 
Research & Education. Equal op- portunity employer.______________ 
S E C R E T A R Y tor le g al office, bilingual, good typing, light book­ keeping, salary open, 732-8241 

IVN’S NEEDED 
ALL SHIFTS 
7-3; 3-11; 11-7 

APPIY TO: 
RET AMA MANOR SOUTH 
11OO GALVESTON 
LAREDO, TEXAS 78o4o 
SI 2-723-2o68 

FRIENDLY ATMOSPHERE 
FRINGE BENEFITS 

{quat Opportunity Employer 

TRUCK MECHANIC 

CERTIFICATION PREFERRED 
ALSO NEED TRIM 
MECHANIC 

EXPERIENCED PREFERRED 

CONTACT: BRYAN BAILEY 

NORTH CENTRAL FORD 

98oo SAN PEDRO 
341-5571 

EXPERIENCED 

SERVICE ADVISOR 

High volume dealer needs an experienced service 

 advisor for Ford Products. Must know warranty ond 

 policy. High pay, with all fringe benefits. Send 

 resume to P.O. Box 1447, San Antonio, Texas 

782o6, Attention Service Manager. 

^ ★ ★ d f 'k - ik 'd r T l r d r if c 'd r d r '* ^ j 
| EXP. CASHIER I 

4 
For evening work 
* 
: * permanent job, 
* 
J good p a y 
J 

I 4 
Apply in person 

A Naples Restaurant J 

J 
321o Broadway 
* 
9 
Closed Monday 
J 
» 
* 
4 
•enkdrdk iriririfiririfitirT 

SUMMER JOB 

M an St W ife 

Northern Wisconsin 

Cook & Helper 

 to take care of 4 to 2o people in coo! lake area. 
M a y 
15th thru 
Sept. I. Generous salary with 2 weeks bonus for staying full time. 
Prefer retired mess sgt. 

Call Major Torrence 4 3 3-87 65 

Tuesday-Thursday 8-11 a.m. or 9-11 p-in. 

» 
WAITRESSES /HOSTESSES 
• 

B U S B O Y S 
C O O K S 
DISHWASHERS 
4 
All Shifts 
"Po»ttk?*44>4avo 4ktble in our N EW San Antonio unit 
A p ply In person April I to April 5 ioios restaurant 
( 
A family restaurant dedicated to qu ality | 
4 2 5 o Fredericksburg Rd. 
E O I M Z F 

618 * PART TIME 
PMT TUR 

♦ 
♦ 
♦ 
♦ 
♦ 
♦ 
♦ 
♦ 
♦ 
♦ 
♦ 
♦ 
♦ 
■ r a y ELLISON HOMES, INC. 
I 
NEEDS SUB CONTRACTORS 
I 
I * 
♦ 
♦ 

 ie i 

♦ 
♦ 
♦ 
♦ 
♦ 
♦ 
♦ 
♦ 
♦ 
♦ 
♦ 
♦ 
♦ 
♦ 

Beauty O perators 
W I NEED 2 
M ore Beauticians!! 
We hove o staff of 17 busy operators. But they cannot handle our growing business. Come help us out ond make good money. Closed 
Mondays. Mo kite work!!! Sclary + 
Cor,mission 
R A D IA N T LADY 
B ea u ty Salon 
541o Broadway 
824-7534 

Framers, landscapers (grading) and foundations/slab work. 

Must have experience and willing lo work in San An­ tonio area (Bexar County). 

Also must be willing to furnish own worksman com­ pensation and general liability insurance. 

Contact: Wayne Effenberger 
512-349-1111 EXT 328 
8 A.M.-5 P.M. Monday thru Friday 

F L O R A L D E S IG N E R 
Experienced Salary open. Full or part time. W henever available, you N A M E Y O U R H O U RS. W IL L 
R E Q U IR E E X A M P L E S of your a b ility in d e sig n w o rk b e fore commitment. D a v e 's 828-o597 

LOCAL DRIVERS 
HELPERS r Moving 
Experience necessary r Good company bene­ fits 
SCOBEY MOVING 
AND STORAGE 
9 6 2 5 B R O A D W A Y 
8 2 8 -8 3 9 3 
Equal Opportunity Employer tm 
H H H 
I BWP! H M M TP 

616 ■ FQoo oRINK SERVICES 

“K MORNING * 
_ '¥■ WAITRESS-A 

I 
6 to 2 
M 
6 to 2 

^ Call for app*. ft Passport Inn ■ft it 653-911o M. 

★ 
★ 
★ 
★ 
★ 
★ 
★ 

• SECRETARY. 

N o tio n a l R a d io M in is t r y needs too notch se cre ta ry 
Excellent shorthand and typ­ ing skirts required. Top salary and exceptional benefits. Call 
DI Haltf, 226-o421 or 349-36/4 
' t. K ! s 

52oo,ooo,ooo com pany for those ; who qualify; salary, and eom m is- sion. 828 55o1_____________________ 

WE NEED YOU 
E s t a b lis h e d Sa n A n to n io R e a l 
Estale Firm , 31 yrs, in the b u si­ ness, e x p a n d in g with b eautiful new N S offices. We w ant exp., a g g re ssiv e salespeople with do tentiol to grow ond advance with the com pony. Cart Annette M id- dougn M anager. 

Van Buren & Assoc 
684-7171 
3441o89 
344-7122 

•YOUR OWN AGENCY^ 
F a rm e rs Insurance Group offers com plete train in g p -o g ra m and art types ot insurance Continue present lob while starting your own agency on part tune basis. 
Training and supplies furnished. 
F o r a confidential interiew o n ­ ager, Je rry M cDougald by carting 
824-7573. 

6o4 -TECHNICAL 

 becom e p e rm a n e n t M a g C a rd and L e ga l e x p e rie n ce helpful. 
Area of Broadw ay and Loop 41o, phone 324-2461, M rs. Baxter. 

SIO OFFICES CLERICAL 

NEED IMMEDIATELY 
• Registered Nurses 
• Licensed Vocational M u m s 
Intensive core units to indude 
(CU RN salary commensurate with exp. 8 'o shift differential. Ex­ cellent benefits 
• Medical Technologist 
Slot lab— Robt f. 
Green 
Memorial Hosp Must have min. 3 yrs. strong tried. lab. esp apply Personnel Office 
Bexar County Hosp Dist. 
45o2 Medical Or. 
Robert 8. Green 
Memorial Hospital 

527 N. Leona $t. 
San Antonio, Texas equal opportunity em ployer 

Dental Lob Ceram ist, im m ediate opening, 2 to 3 years experience. 
Precision Denial Lab 654 1343 
N E E D W O R K ? Local engineering firm laking applications tor field inspector of concrete construction and sort testing B a c k g ro u n d in building construction and or lust­ ing required. Salary S45o to S525 a month. Coll 349 5167____________ 
S E R V IC E R E P , 52oo per week start, experienced IB M Selcctric and standard typew riters, other typ e s office equipm ent, h o sp i taiization furnished, m ileage, i day week. C a ry Farrow , 8o8 N. 
Alamo, 224-4o77__________________ 
S U R V E Y C R E W C H A IN M A N 
C IV IL D R A F T S M A N 
Will accept beginner, a p p ly at 
M a ve rick Engin e e rin g Co.. 8o33 
Pm ubrook. 349-3963 

N O T IC E T O 
J O B A P P L IC A N T S 
Advertisements in these columns ore accepted on the premise that lobs offered will be filled on the basis of merit without discrimina­ tion because of sex unless the job is o bonofide occupational qual­ ification 
E M P L O Y M E N T 
A G E N C IE S 
The Son Antonio P':vot« tmpfoy men! Association hos a rigid (ode of 
Ethics to which oil its private employment agency members subscribe. For information about private employment agencies, or ot lion on complaints, call 224 78o2 al the Better Business Bureau. 

■ l v n ’H 

2 LINE MECHANICS 
I EXPERIENCED 
TUNE-UP SPECIALIST 

We are swamped with business and in need of experienced mechanics and tune up specialists. 
Five day work week. Good pay and working conditions. All company benefits. Apply to D. 
W. Patton at Jack Rieger Chrysler-Plymoyth, 
58oo San Pedro. 

F R A M IN G C A R P E N T E R S Need od. No less than 5 yrs. exp. Apply i 5ooo N W In d u stria l D r or call 
684-76oo between 4:3o-S:oo pm. 
Full time port time experienced service station attendant. Apply 
I in p e rso n N o rth Tow ne P la za 
Texaco 691o San Pedro ar Oblate 
F u rn itu re re p a ir and touchup p e rso n . Parttim e. E x p e rie n c e p re fe rre d . N o S m o k in g G ood 
Pay 
F IS H E R S. 145o N E lo o p 
41o. 
G E N E R A L L A N D S C A P E and maintenance m on wanted. Week- days only, 9 to 5- 494 6258________ 
H airdresser needed Cam p Bullis 
Beauty Salon, IH IO ond C am p 
Bullis Rd. D a y s 698 2952, eves 
1-755-4663. 
H A IR D R E S S E R , experien ced, needed at 271o Cuiebra, corner of 
N General M cM ullen. Call M rs. 
Rios at 432-9741. 
Help w anted to w ork on pow er tools, skill saw, air com pressor, etc. S o m e w e ld in g re q u ire d , salary open. 11315 N. Weidner. 
L a b o re rs w anted for H w y co n ­ struction, South part of B e x a r 
County, im m ediate employment. 
Equal opportunity employer. Cart 
621-2141 8-5pm 

612-MEDICAL 

• l l a n d l l 
F u ll time 
S 
• 7 

Normandy Terrace 
Nursing Home 
648-o1o1 
841 Rice Rd. 

H 
9 
8 
M 
8 
H 

COMPUTER BALANCE 
CLERK 
Musi be good with figures, light bookkeeping ex­ perience helpful, !> day week, 3 p.m. ’til midnight, permanent position, ex­ cellent working conditions. 
Compony benefits. 
2 2 3 - 1 8 7 1 

CHIEF PHYSICAL 
THERAPIST 

Ar 3 years experience required 

Contact 

SAN ANTONIO 
COMMUNITY HOSPITAL 

6 9 6 - 8 1 1 o , e x t . 1 4 1 

(quo1 Opportunity Employer MZF 

SYSTEM 
ANALYST 
PROGRAMMER 
• Minimum et 2 years experience in IMS-COBOL 
• ALC language helpful 
[/vs, a 5 / 
• oos/vs, aa/vs i medical-oriented data communications system. 
• Excellent working conditions, and fringe benefits. 
Send resume ar apply bl person to: 
SANTA ROSA MEDICAL CENTER 
Personnel Office 
5)9 W. Houston It. 
221-2343 
Equal Opportunity Employer 

M E C H A N IC S 
Due to rapidly growing business (tortti loop VW 
Subi.ru needs several ex­ perienced auto mechanics. we offer o good incentive pay plan, prom shoring plan ana many fringe benefits, factory training available and paid (or by the com pony. 
N O R T H L O O P V W 
4423 Fredericksburg Rd. t m i H e y M i 
...... 

Locksm ith m inim um of 4 yrs in the trode, be proficient in skills of trade, have com m ercial license, be bondable, sa la ry will depend on experience. A pply In person 
N o rth e ast In d e p e n d e n t Schoo l 
D ist. p e r s o n n e l o ffic e 
1o333 
Broadw ay 8-5 M on-Ffl, 

FRONTIER 
ENTERPRISES 
DINNER-HOUSE 
DIVISION 

 is accepting applications for: 

• Busboys • Busgiris 

 a Hosts 
• Hostesses 

• Cocktail Hostesses 

A pply In Parson 

M onday-Friday, 
2 p .m . • 5 p .m . 

8S2o CROWN HIU BLVD. 

C O O K 
• Hospital experience necessary e Varied hours e Excellent benefits 
• Pleasant working conditions 
Apply in Person 
SAN ANTONIO 
COMMUNITY HOSPITAL 
8o26 Floyd Curt Dr. iqm! Opportunity Imylaytr 

[M R . D U N D E R B A t T S in N orth 
Star Mali ha* permanent full time cash ie r position opening which intiolves counter work. Apply in p. *%on. 
PART TIME BUSBOY 
K arom s North 8o23 Vantage Dr 
Relocating W Houston? Train in 
Son Antonio- w ork in H ouston. 
Full responsibilities for office in larqe restaurant. Attention to de­ tail, accuracy and pleasant tele­ phone personality essential. M ust be bondable, send resum e to Ex- press-New s Box 4424, 76297______ 
Short order cooks wanted, full or J p a rt tim # o p e n in g s , s t a r t in g salary $2 3o per hour. A pply of 
Oscar s Taco House, 7o5 Barrett. 

WAITER WAITRESS 
6»m to 3om or lOpm to 6am shifts. 
Top salary, good Ups, free p a rk­ ing 24 hour fam ily restaurant. 
E A R L A B E L S 42oo Broadw ay 
W A IT R E S S E S / a p p ly In person ut 
Billy 
R S , 
NO. 
198, 
68o2 
NW 
Expressw ay._________ ____________ 

 m MACHINES! I l l l l F o r lo rrie s a n d n u n s H 
PRODUCTION CONTROL usl be able to read blue prii 
M U S I 
1-772-3467 S R M M F G CO prints. 

M a c h in ist 3 y e a rs e xperien ce, start J3-UP. Call G us 653-4622. 

C o m m e rc ia l R e frig e ra tio n and air conitioning service men need­ ed for full tim e em p lovem ent, good benefits and top pay for a g ­ g re ssiv e qualified people, only q ualified need apply. R e p ly to 
Exp ress News B ox 7796, 78297 
C O T T A G E P L U M B E R S 
$7.7o p e r h o u r. C a ll betw een 
4:3o-5:3o, 661 6741 

Dental Assistant, Lackland area, part time, bilin gual, will from , m id-week and Satu rd ay, R e fe r­ ences. R e p ly to E x p re s s- N e w * 
B o x 7689 S a n A n t o n io 78797 

8o5-RESUMES 

R E L IA B L E R E S U M E S 
W R IT T E N R E A S O N A B L Y 
699 1o15 

686-ADMINISTRATIVE 
FINANCIAL 

A C C O U N T A N T - Individual P roc in to n e r is se e kin g accountant. 
M u st have a degree rn account­ ing P re fe r C P A E x ce lle n t op portunity for partnership Reply to P O Box 446, Jourdanton, Tex 
OS 78o26_______________________ 

CREDIT MGR S12.ooo 
5 day. North Bonkers Em p. Svc., 
87oU Crownhill, 828 6123 
________ _ 

EXP. FRONT OFFICE 
MANAGER 
Contact M r. Robert M a u rin s for additional details. 
M E N G E R 
H 
O 
T 
E L _____________________ 

NIGHT AODITOR 
Excellent fringe benefits m ciud mg breakfast parking and hospr talizot'on salary open Excellent ground floor opportunity for in dividual interested in the h o sp ' 
"a lity in d u stry . C o n 33S 2S81. 
9AM -SPM , 
M r.M cCarty, for appointment 
____________________ 

KEY PUNCH 
OPERATOR 
Sr 
2 years experience required 
(Prefer IBM 129 or IBM 5496) 

6 full time permanent position 

* 
4o Hour week, 8 a m. 5 p.m. 

Apply in person 
ACE MFG. CO. 
4 o 2 W . N U E V A 
2 2 7 - 7 5 5 1 
(qual Opportunity twploy.r 

Dental Lab Ceram ist, im mediate opening, 2 to 3 years experience. 
Precision Dental Lab. 654 t343 
Histology positions available. For inform ation w rite H R. Pascoe, 
M D., Presbyterian Hospital 82oo 
Walnut Hill Lane, Dallas, Texas, 
75231 

Bilingual Clerk Typist 
M u s t h a v e d u v e r s lic e n se . 
774-6661 or 828-5884._______________ 
Bonkkeener-Secretary 
3o hr week, <428 monthly Health and retirement plans. Starts June i6th. Send resum e to Exec. Di re cto r, K e n w o o d C o m m u n ity 
Center 351o N. M om 78212 Equal opportunity em ployer 

L A B T E C H N O L O G IS T 
M u st be o registered Lab Tech with experience in m icrobiology. 
Good sa la ry a n d excellent b en­ efits. C ontact P e rso n n e l Dept, 
B e x a r County Hosp. Dist. 45o2 
Medical Dr. San Antonio 696-3o3o 
Ext 
221. 
Equal opportunity em ployer 

LVN 
7*3, 11-7 
F u ll tim e fo r n u rsin g home, relief oil shifts 924-5533. 

Stall Pharmacist 
Opening for progressive hospital. 
Pharm acist interested in IV addi­ tive, in p a tie n t a n d ou tp a tie n t pharm acy. Excellent grow th op­ portunity with competitive salary. 
Contact D ire cto r of P ersonnel, 
R . E . T h o m a so n H o sp ita l, 4815 
Alam eda, El Paso, Texas 799o7. 
(915)544-12oo, Ext.224, Eq u al Op 

6 1 4 -S K IL L S 
TRADES 

All around concrete mon, start $5 an hr, tools furnished. $34-8873 

AUTO MECHANIC 
Experienced Ford M echanic in all phases of auto repair. Top salary p lu s b onu s, 5 d a y w eek, p aid vaca tio n , u n ifo rm s a n d in s u r ­ ance. A p p ly in p e rso n 
J A K E 
S C H U E L E F O R D INC., H O N D O , 
TX. 

C U S T O M F U R N IT U R E U P H O L ­ 
S T E R E R , M ust hove 5 veors ex­ perience in Custom Shop. Plea sant working conditions, guaran- ! teed 4o hours per week, $5 per I hour. Call 
915 694-8891 Collect. 
A sk for M r. H ines at the H ines 
Wood Upholstering Co. M idland, 
I Texas. i 
E N G IN E E R OR M E C H A N IC fam iliar with and who can keep tile m anufacturing equipm ent in operating condition. Good w ages or sa la ry for the right person. 
W rite or call collect to In te rn a­ tional Tile industries inc.,PO Box 
588, Gonzales, T X 78629, Phone 
I (512)672-6818. 
_ 
Equipm ent d elivery tru ck d riv ­ i n g , e x p e rie n ce n e c e ss a ry . 4o hour week with some Sat work. 
52.6o per hr. + com pany benefits. 
O ver 23 preferred. A pply week- 
I days 8 5 at SOI W Hildebrand, Sat. 
8-12 
„ _ _ ~ x 
______ 

B A R B E R . Good steady iob. Apply 
821 Bandera Rd 
____________ _ 
B A R B E R S T Y L IS T 
(or n o rth e ast sh o p G o o d p a y 
653 8932 M ust be dependable 

E x p e rie n c e d sp ra y p a in te r to work in new home construction, interior ■ exterior 344-3o95_______ 
E x p e rie n c e d Sheet M e ta l P o bncator, top salary and benefits, call 2 2 2 - 8 6 5 5 . _______________ 
Backhoe 

BEAUTICIANS 

1 684-26661 

E x p e rie n c e d 
T re n c h e r O p e ra to r 
Tues, 
F ri and 
Sot. 
655-2594 

 and cart M on, 
8am-5pm. 

6o8 -SECRETARIAL 

C A S U A L T Y R A T E C L E R K 
In su ra n ce co m p an y needs com ­ m ercial c a su a lty rate clerk, at least 3 years experience in com ­ me! a al lines Contact M rs. Jung- mono, 736 24ll 
C L E R K T Y P IE S " 6o wpm, error free, 6oo w Evergreen.__________ 

L V N N U R S E S A ID E S N E E D E D 
All shifts. 3-11, 11-7, 7 3. Apply in p erson at St 
Benedict H ospital and N ursing Home. South Alam o rn Johnson. 722-o171. E q u a l Op- qoilenity Em p loyer 

LVN RELIEF 11-7 
Saturday and Sunday 924 8136 

Beauty O perators with following preferred, but not necessary, tor new 
N E location, 
Cali 
Nancy 
655-687o 

E x p e rie n c e d T ru c k M e c h a n ic needed for im rued e m p lo v m 
Exc, co. Benefits contact Service 
M g r Don Holderm an at Barrett 
M a ck , Lufkin, Tx. 713-639-2371 days, nights or weekends 632-361o or 634 2669 

M A N OR W O M A N , m echanically inclined for interesting position. 
Sales experience helpful, ond you m ay double your present income lf you qualify. Cart for oppolnt- ment 227-o18o.____________________ 

M E C H A N IC 
ANO H E L P E R S 
K now ledge of farm equipm ent. 
Write or cart Janke Tractor and 
Equipm ent Ca., Rf 2, Box 6A, El 
Compo. Tx 77437. (713)543-2746 
M E C H A N IC , experienced law n m ow er m e ch a n ic needed, only experienced need apply. 732-9641 or 341 6735. A sk tor owner._______ 
M E C H A N IC wanted immediately. at le a st 2 y e a r s e x p e rie n c e w illing to learn h y d ra u lic s and pneum atics. Exce lle n t w o rkin g con ditions with em p loyee ben- I efits, call Ron Osborn 333-6811. 
M IG W E L D E R S experienced on ly. Kuest Corp, 1o9o9 IH35 North. 
655-122o___________________________ 
Need at once, experienced else tricot helpers with two or three ye a rs house w iring experience. 
FO SS 
E L E C T R IC , 
9o1o 
Aero, 
324 2358.____________________ 
N E E D E D IM M E D IA T E L Y 
3 L IN E M E C H A N IC S 
I TU N E-U P MAN 
Prefer C h ry sle r experience and be w illin g to re lo c a te . C a ll 
1-337-6322, Saturday, 4-2-77, otter 
8:ooAM for interview. Ask for 
C huck____________________________ 
N eed one O rn a m e n t a l 
Iro n worker, experienced in m aking window guards, doors, etc. One w eld er, lig h t stru c tu re steel, sa la ry open, a p p ly 2o4 M issio n 
Rd. 533-o1o1____________ ________ 
Need three full time and four part tim e se cu rity officers, m al# or female, 227 2777.__________________ 

JThe Best P t*i« 

 in T o w n (H o n e s t) 

Hos Several Openings For 
PIZZA MAKERS 

• Full or Fort Tins* Jobs 
• Must be 18 or Older 
• No Experience Necessary 

Openings at these convenient locations: 

4S1o Fredericksburg 
734-oo8o 
5455 Walzetn Rd. 
655-1513 
41o2 Naco-Perrin Blvd. 
655-69o2 
8783 Wurzbach 
696-8315 

••WAITRESS** 
K A R A M 't 121 N. ia rza m o ra 
WAITRESS 
K a ra m 's North 8o23 Vantage D r 
W A IT R E S S N F C D E D AT N U T 
C R A C K E R C L U B 7321 San Pedro ripply 1-1 Mon-Fri. 
Wanted experienced" bartenders with neat appearance. Full ond part time. Call 22o 996$. Le ave nome ond no. after beep. 
62o - Help Wanted 
Miscellaneous 

A BIG SSS IN C O M t... 
No exp. nee Free prof training, be a m asseuse. 657-3724 

AERO HYDRO 
T R A IN E E S N E E D E O j New openings for local residents j to work with our hydro filter M ust be IS yrs or over and live in area 
I m inim um I year. Flexible hours available for students. No exper- 
. tence necessary. 
C A L L 342-5226 

B R A K E A N D F R O N T E N D M E ­ 
C H A N IC , e xp e rien ce required , salary plus com m ission, com pany benefits, apply rn person at Kraft 
Firestone, 2o17 U n ive rsa l Blvd., 
U niversal City, T X 78148 

E xp e rie n c e d D u ctm an, G ib so n 
Plum bing Co , coll ofter 4 pm, 
661-6741 

N IG H T S T O C K E R S - experienced lit hard lines, foods and soft lines. 
M O R N IN G P A C K A G E R W a rehouse Experienced In receiving and forklift operation. Apply in person O N L Y 2643 NW LO O P 41o, 
F E D M a rt, An eaual opportnuntly 
Em ployer 

EXPERIENCED 
PART TIME 
WAITERS 

For gourmet and flame foods 

Coli Mrs. Neiman 

Between 9:3o-5:3o 

Tussday-Satvrday 

492-1o63 

(Must have own transportation) 

A P T . M A N A G E R 
M a tu re , b u s in e s s o rie n te d individual M ust like people and have ability to su p e rvise m ain tena-ce and grounds personnel 
Salary oius nice apartm ent and utilities No children or pets. For interview, call 1oAM 4 P M only 

___________ 7 3 4 -5 4 4 3 
____ 
A P T M A N A G E~R C oup le exp necessary, adult lu x u ry apt. in 
Oak Hills. Before noon, 342 4442 
APT. MANAGER 
Mature man and wife team Wife m anage and husb and a ssist in s p a re tim e 
Apt, u tilitie s and salary. Call 9om-Spm 736-5463 
A S S E M B L Y - L I N E w o r k e r s 
Timelev Corp. 655-566o 11315 N. 
Weidner Road. 

E x p e r ie n c e d c a r p e n t e r s a n d helpers, call otter * at 732-55o9 
Experienced oil held pum per and 
___________________________________ g o u g e r for 9 well oil lease, IO 
B r ic k and R o c k M a s o n w ith m ile s from C a ld w e ll, Tx. C a li 
. transportation, 69o 1258. ofter 7 I 824-9627 from 9am Spm___________ p m _________________ ________ 

O p p o rtu n ity fo r e x p e rie n c e d 
E le ctric S ig n s Se rv ic e person. 
Wage open, frienge benefits Cat! 
444 2343 in Austin 
P A IN T A N D B O D Y M E C H A N IC 
633-o991 

L V N S 3 l l F U L L T IM E . 315 
Lewis. 223-5521 
LVN S, RN S, A ID E S 
Oak Hills Care Center. 73o2 Oak 
M anor Dr., 344-8537 

A D M IN IS T R A T IV E A SST 
Start 1S4o, 5 yrs exp. En glish and 
Spanish required, 222-1571________ 

ADMINISTRATIVE 
SECRETARY 
H o sp ita l a d m in is tra to r n e e d s your skills. Good salary and ben efits and privileges. A pply now, position still open Call tor appt. 
7 3 6 - 2 2 1 ! ___________________ _ 
E X E C U T IV E E scort Se rv ic e is accep ting ap p lic atio n s tor p e r­ sons w ishing to w ork parttim e, evenings 492 2994 
________ 
L E G A L S E C R E T A R Y 
M a g ll experience, sa la ry com m ensurote with ablihty, 223 3231 

• NO SHORTHAND* 
Just very qood typing and good telephone personality for N S real estate office. Prefer N S resident. 
Write Express-N ew s Box 7164 
P art lim e assistant, legal secre to n a l experien ce helpful, m ust type well and have car 
H o u rs open, call 
735-9261 for appointment. . 
------------------ 

Downtown law office needs full time clerk m essenger with cor. 
Call 225-6261 
___________________ 

MEDICAL DENTAL 
Positions available-m any areas 
D R P E R S O N N E L M E D IC A L - 
D E N T A L 
E M P L O Y M E N T 
S E R V IC E 
Oak Hills M ed Bldg, 69o-991o 

C A B IN E T M A K E R 
E x p e r ie n c e , 
733-91 17 
34oo 
F re d e ric k sb u rg Rd. N o rth sid e 
Building Materials. 

CABINETMAKER 
Good sala ry plus com pony ben­ efits, Only experienced need ap- ply. 1218 N. H ackberry 225-2262 

E X P E R I E N C E D 
H E A V Y 
E Q U IP M E N T A N D W A U K E S H A 
E N G IN E R E P A I R M A N , c a ll 
Jackie Brow n at 824-7256 for ap­ pointment. 
Eaual 
Opportunity 
Em ployer 

EXP. PLUMBERS 
AND HELPERS 

B A R M A ID wanted 52 5o hour. 
Apply 1 767 i Blanco IO > Mon Fri 
B u s b oys wanted A b e rn a th y 's 
Restaurant 824-4591. 
__________ 
B U SB O Y 
W oman Kitchen W orker k orum s west 17! n Zarzam ora 
COCKTAIL WAITRESS 
P o rt time. K a r o m ’s N orth 8o23 
Vantage Dr 
Concession girls needed, 18 and over, apply after 6 at Olmos 
Theater too#, needed for carefeter'io, exp e rien ce d only, coll for ap pointmen!, 223-18o1,ext. 477 
C O O KS apply in person Pig Stand 
No. 24, 8o1 S. Presa 

Floral Designer, perm anent posi­ tion. reply in own handw rifting, resum e of experience and when availa b le 
All in q u ire s w ill be strictly confidential. Reply to Ex- press News Box 1423. 78297______ 
General office including accounts receivab le and p a y a b le exper tence. Lite typing. IO key. N E. 
L o c a t i o n . Send hond written re ­ sume to E xp ress-N ew s Box 4533, 
78297. 
_ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ 

MEDICAL TECHNOLOGIST 
Current A S C P registered: M u st h a ve s u p e r v is o r y e x p e rie n c e 
Apply rn person St, Benedict H o­ spital and N u rsin g Home. South 
A la m o at 
J o h n so n 
E a u al 
O pportunity Em ployer. 
Need L V N L P N on full time basis to assist with elderly mon al Lake 
Whitney. Will furnish travel e x ­ penses, b oard ond 54oo m onth. 
Coll 341-7296 days, 822-3o1o eves for more Information 
Key Punch Operator 
E x p e r ie n c e re q u ire d , s a la r y com m ensurate with ability. E q u a l; 
Opportunity Em ployer. Root C a n -! die Co 223 2 
9 
4 
o 
_______ 

OFFICE HELP 
Payroll, typing and general office w ork C o n stru ctio n experien ce helpful. 226-o141 __________________ ! 
P A R T T IM E B O O K K E E P E R 5 days a week. 3 y rs experience full posting. 824-4591 

IN THI I XPKISS N IW S 
CAIL 225-16o6 

R N Charge Position, full time or part time. 3-11 shift. G ood p ay benefits A pply in person to M s. 
Atlee, D ire cto r of N u rsin g Ser- vices • San Ped ro M a n o r 416 W 
Russell. 732-5181. 
_ 

R N '5 N E E D E D 
ICU C H A R G E 
N u r s e f in d e r s 226 6333 
San A n to n io H e a lth s e r v ir e" 
Placem ents, inc., 84 N .E. ' 
41o, Suite 131E, 349-4313.__________ 

O N A W A N I A O 
THI N U M B l k TO C A U 
IS 2 2 5 1 6 6 6 t X F P t S O A N D N I W 5 

CANDLEMAKER 
Dependable shift w orker, m ust have good w ork experience and j references. 5-day (4o-hr) week on 
I rotating shift, differential pqy for tate shiff. Will from for 2 weeks 
; prior for assum ing lo shift duties 
I Call A l. Roof Co 223-294o for in ferview appt. 
C a rp e n te rs needed, m u st have references and 5 to lo years ex perience rn com m ercial construc­ tio n . 4o h rs per week, good od v a n c e m e n f lo fo re m a n if 
; qaTrt’fied Coll 344 6219. 
C A R P E N T E R S for fram ing con tractor. Apply at 76oo Blanco Rd or call 924-9648 between 5-6om 
C A R P E N T E R S lo w ork at Can- v o n Lak e , ca ll C A. W iie r s o n 
Builder, (512) 899-2186._________ _ 
6 C A R P E N T E R S , IO H e lp e rs, large contract, carpenters m ust 
; have experience, call from 9-5, 
824-6234. 
CF N TH A l A IR 
~ 
C O N D IT IO N IN G S E R V IC E M A N needed. Experien ce required in residential ond sm all com m ercial system s. Top pay for qualified mon. Plenty of work, M any com pony benefits Y O U N G p l u m b ­ in g 
CO.,Port 
Lavaca, 
Tx, 
1-552-6733 

EXP SHEET VINYL ftKO TILE HISTAUERS 
M ust have own tools and transportation 
C E N T R A L F LO O R C O V E R IN G 
981o Boll St. 
___________ 653-4651_____________ 

EXP. WAREHOUSE MGR. 
IMMEDIATE OPENING 
E x p e rie n c e re q u ire d in liquor, w ines, voriety, d ru g s or som e type of multiple item w arehous mg. Copable at su p e rvisin g w a r­ e h o u se cre w , a g e o v e r 
35 preferred, M o n y com pany ben­ efits. Established local resident 
C AN YO U R U N 
A W A R E H O U S E ? 
H A V E Y O U ? 
A p p ly D o n 's & Ben t 4oo3 W est 
Ave of Loop 41o. ask for W ayne 
Wyatt 
F e n c e w o rk e rs, e x p e rie n c e d , wood fences, ii capable up to 545 per day. 349-25o8 or 494 747o 
ON A W AN) AO 
' 
TMI NU M Blk TO C A U 
IS 2 2 5 - 1 6 6 6 
IX PBI SS AND NLWS 

PAINT SHOP HELPER 
Experienced-Perm anent only! 
C AR C R A F T - 8o5 N A lom o __ 
P lu m b in g re p a ir m an, e x p e r ienced only. 826 2331 or 826 9582 
P n e u m a tic R o lle rm a n , W a te r ..... ..... .........— 
— y r J 
— 
Truck D rive r and Diesel Tractor 
Couple or Single man lo Monaoe 
T railer D rive r, m ust have com I truck stop restaurant in Del Rio. merctai and furnish reference. 5 ! h°Ye coo king experien ce day week. 655 2782 
I and available immediately. Rent 
Receptionist for beauty shop, ex perienced only. 432o W urzbach at 
Gardendale, M aylin s 

 free living quarters. Salary nego­ tiable. Call I 775-7571, 8AM SPM 
D IN N E R COOK 
Soul Food, hot biscuits ond corn 
)R L F ^ 
G E oRA I ' ° N A , R 5 ,° "d '. I bread must be o SJcT aiT r^ much 
W 67, 

ASST MANAGER 
L o c a l n o rth sid e c o n v e n ie n c e store has immediate opening for assistant m anager. M u st have som e cash register experience 
P o ly g ra p h exam re q u ire d A ll com pany benefits. Apply in per- i son 6oo3 West Ave at Loop 41o, ask :~r W ayne Wyatt 
_ 

Beeline 
226-23o3 

B U R G L A R A L A R M IN S T A L L E R needed im m ediately, only those w ith e x p e rie n c e need a p p ly . 
! Salary depending on experience. 
! 226 1 2 6 7 ________________________ 
C A S H IE R H E L P , $2.3ohr. 2o-4o hrs. week (eves and wknds), Stop 
N Go. 2o4 E Rhapsody Dr 

COLLECTIONS 
REPRESENTATIVE 
C o lle c tio n s 
R e p r e s e n ta t iv e p o sitio n op e n w ith M o r t g a g e 
Banking Firm . Require absolute m in im u m of t y e a r m o rtg a g e service for consum er loan exper­ ience salary open, excellent ben efits, Son Antonio bqsed. Send resum e with salary requirem ents to L u m b e r m e n 's In v e s t m e n t 
Corp., Attn 
Pe rso n n e l D e p a rt­ ment, P O B o x 4o, A u stin . T x 

 tio n fn g 
R e p a ir 
• 
S e r v ic e 
8am -4:3opm top position. Koel- w hit A ir 
C o n d itio n in g 
351o 
Copeland. 222 o386_______ ________ 
R O U T E M A N B A K E R Y 
_______ 343o E. Com m erce 
Sewing M achine Operators 
Experienced Only 
Radio Cop Co., 311 Third St 
Skyhook Crane Operatoi 
E x p e rie n c e d . C om m , d r iv e r s license 
G ood d riv in g re co rd 
References req 828 3241 

WarehouseOellvery 
M u st be neat and clean rn a p ­ pearance local references, Apply in Person: 
O 'K re n t Floor Covering 
3oo Son Pedro 
W E L D E R 
_____________ 633-o991_____________ 
We now need 2 h a rd w o rk in g m aintenance helpers. M ust have know ledge of apt re p airs start 
Si,SO per hour, some overtime. No e x p o rie n c e -d o n t a p p ly . 2143 
Zercher, off AIQ, I blk Broadw ay 

 w i l s o n I n t e r n a t i o n a l 
84 N E LO O P 41o S U IT E 13oE 
512-349 U U 

 experience needed, 56oo 4- 
Bud 
Jones Restaurant, 144o 5W M ili­ tary, 923-9161, apply in person to am-12 noon. 
* 
E V E N IN G S H IF T 
FO O D S E R V E R 
P A N T R Y P E R S O N 
P A R T T IM E COOK 
Bayous Seafood A Spirits 
2617 Wagon Wheel 
828-5726 
E x p e rie n c e d Cook dow ntow n, oermanent position 225 65o3 
" E X P E R IE N C E D g r i l l m a n " 
Abernathy's Restaurant 824-4591 
Experienced Waitresses^ apply rn person, P A E S A N O S Restaurant, 
I /IS McCufiough otter 2 pm 
E X P W AI YR E S S perm dnen*HuTi time and part time. Downtown. weekdays. 225-6563 
H it mg Tm mediately, cocktail war tress, nit# sniff, apply rn person, 
Conny s. 172o N Mom 
Italian Gardens, W aitress 4- tOpm, 
5 d vs 274/ S WW While Rd 
M o n g e r 
H otel, e x p e rie n c 
P an try Help, evening shift, tee the chef. 
M o n g e r 
H o le i7" ex g e n e t ic od breakfast cook, m orning shift, see tho Chef 

 i Couple to live on estate, tore for house and grounds- lite cooking. 2 b e d ro o m h o u se f u r n is h o d 
' 455-8821 or 649 2194 after 6pm 
DAYS PART T IM E 
Attendant. 28! Ice House, 67oo San 
, Pedro. 826-9o44___________________ 
Ortvei with Von needed tor Tues day and or W ednesday delivery. 
349-4879 
I E j<£ ^ c ."s £ Vn4T R UC f i e ss needed ai Our F a ir Lady, soles a nd m a n a o e m e n t p o s it io n s available, 56oo plus, apply rn per 
: son at 73o3 Blanco between IO em ond I pm, M ondoy-Thursdov 
E X P E R I E N C E D Y A R D M A N with know ledge of planting and 
; caring for live plants ond yard. 
Apply 1oam 12 noon Hillside M a n ­ or 831o Gault Lane 828-o6o6 (non 
| sm okers only) 
Experienced nursery man, excel lent benefits, apply rn person at 
Fedmart, Loop 4io and Vance 
Jackson 

FASHION TWO TWENTY 
C osm etics part time a vaila b le . 
Mature w om an only. Colt 346-1891. 

PART TIME TELEPHONE SALES 
5 P.M. to 9 P.M. 

College, High School, Military or Retired 
Persons can earn up to $ 4 .o o per hour making calls from our office. 
No Experience Needed 
Free Parking 
Call Mr. Green 
225-281o 

 a n aq u a ! o p p o rt u n it y e m p lo y e r 

HEI? WANTED 
MISCELLANEOUS 

HELP U T O 
MISCELLANEOUS 

DO YOU: 
Need from $6oo-$7oo per month? 

Have 3-4 hrs. each am & pm? 

Have reliable transportation? 

 lf you are retired, a housewife, or looking for 

 additional income, I have a morning /after­ 

 noon home-delivery newspaper route in the 

U.S. Hwy. 87 (Interstate IO). Fredericksburg 

Hwy. area. Band deposit will be required. 

Call Neil Skillings, 225-7411, ext. 
13o 

Mon,, Tues., Thurs. or Fri. between 9.oo 

A .M .-11:oo A M. 

An Cqual Opportunity Employer 

C o n v e n ie n c e S t o r e M a n a g e m e n t 
Choice pf career plans ond locations 
Shift arran gem en t or confract for salary and com m ission 
★ PAID VA C A T IO N 
★ FREE IN SURAN CE 
★ B O N U S PLAN 
A C C O U N T IN G CLERKS A LSO NEEDED 
Lone Star Ice & Food Stores 
3oo W. Jones Ave. 
Interview s 1-4 p.m. w e e k d ays 

E X T R A C A S H 
$25o TO $3oo PER M ONTH 
DELIVERY M O RN IN G EXPRESS 
ROUTES BEFORE 6:oo A.M. 

A L A M O HEIGHTS - N A C O G D O C H E S RD. < 
FREDERICKSBURG RD. A LO O P 4 1 o 
AREAS. 

FOR INFORMATION CAU 225-7411 EXT. 126 
OR 655-5675 OR 656-3332. 
An Equal Opportunity Employer 

Need 
2 
Truck 
Step 
At- tendants-Servic# 
Men, mfkt ihift, 
5-doy week, mature, willing worker, permanent job. 
Texaco 
Truck Center-Gas and lot 
Truck Stop, Start $66o mon­ th. All Applications to A.J. 
Ploch Oil Co, 5747 Dietrich 
M . 4-5pm doily <o». in­ terview 
No phone calls please. 

EXPERIENCED APT. 
HUSBAND and WIFE 
MANAGEMENT TEAM 

I Bilingual preferred to I 
'manage out of town tom- 
|plex, far large manage-1 merit firm. Salary, free I 
I apt. and fringe benefits. 
341-7181 

APARTMENT 

HOUSE 
CARRIERS 

AREAS! 

• Evers Rd. and Wurzbach 
Work 3tOO A.M. to 

6 : o o A M . 

$2oo TO $3oo par mo. 

 or according to route tile. 

Coil I OHM tun. to 2:oo p,m. 

225-7411, Ut. 112 

•r 2:oo p.m. to SHM p.m. 

673-1467 

Au Ie vol Ope*rkMWty 

FINANCE COMPANY 
Field Representatives. Credit and oporoisois, good sala ry 4-car al- I lowonce Car necessary Retired military accepted. Cart M r Willis 
225-7211 

FULL OR PART TIME 

$75-15o P E R W E E K 

CAU; 341-22o5 
FUIL-PART TIME 
Doc to expansion we have open. mgs mal must be filled im m edio 
•cly. No experience necessary. 
342-5228 
I U L I f IM E g ¥ "6 U H&’i 
K E E P E R Varied outdoor chores 
Equip maintenance 341-333» ext 
31 weekdays 
G O L D I N O P F O R T U N IT V , Per a m b itio u s people $11,999 p e ri time. Appointm ent from resum e early M ay. Write E x p re ss New s 
Box 4524, 78297. Reply assured 
Hotel Clerk port"tim e. m ointen once, fu rn ish e d room , eld erly. 
» M anor Hotel 124 Recon St______ 

 i c i ' i t ' f TT o 'n "1 I "VT I W K I HJT. 
Day shirt, apply 3155 SW Mitrtory 
Dr_______ 
In iy r e s le d in p a rt tim e em p loym ent? M o v in g com pany needs lady packers Experience no* e sse n tia l, w ilt tra in . A u ­ tom obile ond telephone neces- sot y Coll to* interview 333-333o. irrigation installers and Laborers w onted, $2 SO an hour ond u p depending on experience. M ond S 
S p r in k e r S y s te m s , In c . 8981 
Broadway, 826 6353 

KS AT TV 
Wirt accept application s for the p o sitio n of 
C L E R K d M E S 
S E N G E R until 4 4-77. E a u a l op­ portunity em ployer M -F 
________________________ 
I 
! Lotfies earn u p fa S 'OO per week in your spare time, no experience necessary. G ood ap p e a ra n ce a 
; must Free framing. Apply at 22oo iS WW White Rd T u e sd a ys and 
> W ednesdays lOam Spm 
I 3 C A D I E S ’ N E E D E D ; 3 H o u r s 
I dally, 5 day week, 17$, Stanley 
Home Products Int., 533-36oo 

 toe * ast e is u ir s 
I 
Pl,ACI »Oue WANT AD 
IN THI IK P SiSS N IWS 
CAU 225-166o j 

 m gssSBM 

 r n - 

*' /v ■ ? li ii; 

2795 

BUY BENSON 
BUY ECONOMY! 
CHE VETTE 
The ’77 CHEVETTE 

List For: $ 3 1 l l 
$ 
Sprinq Sole Priced: 
VEGA 
The ’77 VEGA 

Lists For: $3439 
$ A A Q f 
Spring Sale Priced: w l r f J 
NOVA 
- 
The ’77 N O V A 
Lists For: $3782 

Spring Sale 
Priced: ~ J 

BUY BENSON 
BUY SPORTY! 
M O N ZA 
The ’77 M O N Z A 

List For: $ 4 2 2 8 £ 
Spring Sale 
Priced: 
CAMARO 
The '77 CAM ARO 

List For: $472o 
Spring Sale 
Priced: 
$ 

3795 

4195 

3395 

BUY BENSON 
BUY LUXURY! dess,}1^- 

BUY BENSON 
BUY PRESTIGE! 
MONTE CARLO 

IMPALA 
The ’77 IMPALA 
List For: $6166 
SPRING 
SALE I Q C 
PRICED: 
J I Y 
CAPRICE 
The ’77 CAPRICE 

List For: $ 6 9 2 1 
Spring Sale 
Priced: 

The '77 MONTE CARLO 

List For: $599o 

SPRING SALE 
$ 
PRICED: 
5o95 

$5695 
BUY BENSON 
BUY A TOUGH TRUCK! 

YOU Will FIND COMPARABLE 
SAVINGS ON OVER 8oo NEW 
PASSENGER CARS AND OVER 
6oo NEW TRUCKS IN THE TOM 
BENSON AVAILABLE INVENTORY. 

SALE ENDS APRIL 3o,1977 

'. . . 3 , 

CHEVROLET PICK-UP 
The ’77 CHEVROLET 
PICK-UP. Short Wheel Base 
Pick-Up 
List For: $4386 
SPRING 
SALE 
PRICED: 
$3595 

 m m 

48 MONTH 
FINANCING 
AVAILABLE 
WITH QUALIFIED CREDIT ip BiMSO M 
I S 

W k * A t 
P itt-. 

• I? s. #, 4I 
•» 

36 MONTHS OH 36 OOO MILLS 
MECHANICAL INSURANCE COVERAGE 
FOR NEW CAR BUYERS 
A T S A N 
• 3 4 1 -3 3 1 1 

SHOWROOM HOURS: 7 A.M.-9 P.M. MONDAY-fRIDAY 7 A.M.-7 P.M. SATURDAY 

San Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— Saturday April 2 1977 

62B Hep Wanted 
HBceUanews 

LADY PACKING 
SPECIALISTS 

★ Excellent salary and 

 w orking conditions 

★ Port time 

Ar We ll train 

★ Ideal for m ilitary wives and college students 

Ar Telephone and transportation necessary 

Equal Opportunity Employer 

Apply between I -3 pm 

Mildred Rousctiuber 
CENTRAL 
MOVING & 
STORAGE 
115oo N. loop Rd. 

JJP 

S e c u r i t y O f f i c e r s 
Full tim e A Port tim * 
Exp Required 
$2.36 Per Hr. 

Work with the leading Security firm in the world. Above average pay 
Strict background check necessary 
All uniforms, equip­ ment and training provided. 
Join The 
WACKENHUT 

T e a m 
A pp ly at 
4318 Woodcock Dr. Suite 1o1 
Mondoy-Fridoy 8:3o-5 P.M. 
733-9167 

 e q u a l o p p o rtu n ity e m p lo y e r 

L E A D 
S I N G E R n eed ed fo r 
O R IG IN A L herd rock band, con­ cert and album work, must have good voice and ability to w rite 
Wries Work evenings, 734-8o13 or 
733-1 1o4 
L ic e n se d a ir c r a f t m e c h a n ic wanted. Light aircraft experience required. 
Contact 
M r 
Crosby. 
433 7751. 

MAINTENANCE MAN 
For apt complex. M ust know air conditioning, plum bing, pointing, pool care, etc Apartment, salary and medical insurance. 344-o177. 
M a i n t e n a n c e s u p e r v i s o r 
Lovely northside apt property, I yr. m inim um exp. Salary -bapt. 
A P A R T M E N T J O B S O F S.A. 
828 9196 
Em ploym ent Consultants 
M a in te n a n c e m a n w ith la rg e apartm ent com plex. P lu m b in g, electrical and heating experience e s se n tia l. L o c a l re fe r e n c e s required. 
Apt turn. Apply 
116 
Vonderheck 
M a tu re person for estab lish e d sandwich route going out of town 
T ra n sp o rta tio n fu rn ish e d . N o 
Phone Calls! Apply 3613 S. Presa. 
Needed I gardener and I m ain lenance man, rx p only 
A p p ly 
Wonderland main office. 

, Need extra money aom g a tun iob 
, or have a free facial. Call Totsv 
< 635-84S1 ■_________________ 

NEED PAINTERS. 
Call atter 
6pm. 
Pete 
Bain. 
435-23o1.__________________________ 
Need sharp person for warehouse w ork. 
F a m ilia r w ith o ffic e procedures, shipping, receiving and filling orders. M ust be am bi­ tious and accurate. Call 224-1622 and ask for Joe. EO G 

PARTTIME 
Retail liquor chain has immediate part tim e o p e n in g s in s e v e ra l northside stores. Som e retail ex­ perience helpful, not necessarily liquor. M u s t be neat and w ell g ro o m e d . 
P o ly g r a p h e x a m required. All com pany benefits. 
Apply in person 6oo3 West Ave. at 
Loop 41o. ask for W ayne Wyatt 
P IC K A N D S H O V E L L A B O R . 
Gibson Plum bing call atter 4pm 
661-6741_______________________ 
P O R T E R for shop clean-up A p ­ ply in person Bear Wheel Aligning 
1422 N Colorado 
R A N C H H A N D N E E D E D 
M O O R E , T X 1-426-44oo 

RELIEF DESK CLERK 
3-11 Sat-Sun. experien ced only 
Apply in person. 
RAMADA INN 
IIJ I Austin Hwy 
_____ 
R O U T E D R IV E R needed to se r­ vice flower stands. S12C quoran teed or com m ission, 4 days. Call 
699-o281. 828-6822 
•___ 
SECURITY 
OFFICERS 
A p p ly in p e rso n 419 S. M a in , 
Room 336 from Ioam-6pm 

SH A M P O O G IR L , H air Port Salon 
341-4221 or 341-59o4 
1,ooo's of Jobs - 2oo Choices 
Qualify now, earn and learn 
GO A R M Y 222-8812 or 653-o892 
Students and teenagers wanted to sell (low ers on street r o r n e rs atter school and weekends. E x ­ cellent eurnm gs and bonuses, no experience necessory-will train. 
661-3o59. 
S T U D E N T S n e e d e d to se ll flowers. $1.75 an hr or co m m is­ sion. Coll 699-o281 or 828-6822 

TIRE SALES 
Som eone with past sales exper­ ience in the retail selling of tires. 
Must also be able to change tires. 
681 153o 

Wanted, people person for gener­ al office. Phone ability very im ­ portant. male preferred. 655-8821 for interview 
Want H usky Local Part or F u ll­ time College Student truck driver. 
Commercial license. No Sm oking 
Good Pay. F IS H E R 'S , 145o N E 
Loop 41o. 
W A R E H O U S E M A N $2.5o hr entry level position with grow ing b u ild in g p ro d u c ts d istrib u to r. 
Overtim e and excellent benefits. 
Com m ercial license helpful. A p ­ ply at 3415 Steen 
1x3 
A P A R T M E N T 
C A R R IE R S 
H O U S E 

622 DOMESTIC 

•BROOM-HILDA# 
Is the an sw e r to your cleaning 
Hassles. Will clean, polish your home, (apt.), office, even la n d s­ cape your y a rd Call tor F re e 
Estimates. 534-9183. 
Child core, lite housework, 7:15-5, 
Mon-Fri. 656-4186 atter 5 

Live-in, please call ogam, woman willing to assum e household with 
6 ch ild re n , due to une xp e cte d death of m other. New Su m m it 
O aks edition N.W. Call 698-1128 between 6 and 8 pm. 

P R A C T IC A L N U R S E 
Fem ale preferred tor w eekend duty. References. Tw o 12-hour shifts per day. Call G.C. 696-8317 atter 4pm. 
R e lia b le , lite h o u s e k e e p in g , b a b y -sittin g . 
O w n c a r. 
O ft 
IH IO C a lla g h a n . $4o w k. 7-6. 
341 9359 after 6 
W onted e x p e rie n c e d h o u s e ­ keeper, m ust hove tra n sp o rta ­ tion, references required. 
822-o989. 

624 SITUATIONS WANTED 

Babysitting in my home 
534 2894 

Childcare, Exp. Reg., Also Hrs. 3 to ll. Near Med. Clr 736 299o 
Christian Lady will babysit in my home, Highland Hills, ages 3 to S. 
533-3894 
Colored Lad y wants steady iob. 
Ooys. References. 223-12o9. 
C O M P A N IO N Nurse, hom em aker for Refined Lady. Use of m y car. 
Will live in. G ood natured, ref. 
$15o wk. 824-4717. 
____________ _ 
CAU 2 2 5 1 6 6 6 

624 SITUATHIW WANTED 

A SLIGHTLY MSASUD TOUNG 
MAN LOOKING FOK 
FMFIOVMINT. 
Job Objective: 
To b eg in work in (Ha od- ministrtlHvq d eportm ent o f a business e s on adm inistrative train ee with the purpose of qualifying tor fun m anage­ m ent ar a dm inistrativ e responsibilities. 
Education 
Degre e A ssociate in A m , Son 
Antonio Cottage 
Mid M anagem ent r a g 
Mfew - Finance 
SI 2-534-4565 

E X E C U T IV E H O U S E K E E P E R 
Supervision of Health Facility and p u rc h asin g sup p lies and equip­ ment, in service training. Goad references M rs Kitty B u rrie r, 
Rf. I Box 737, Poteet, Texas 78o6S. 
I'm looking tor a lob in an Anim al 
Hospital or D og K ennel please send inquiries to the Exp re ss and 
News, Box No. 4532, 78297 
2 L A D IE S want D ay or Evening 
Work. Ret. 337 3683, 733 9589. 
Live-in Care tor elderly lady near 
St Leo’s Church. 922-5766. Ana, 
Anglo 
M a n seeking janitorial or y a rd work. Call 655-6998. 
Medical Sitter; convalescent, el- j derly. companion. 734-4969 
Nurses Care tor elder in hospital, nursing home, northside only, call otter 3 pm, 698-1417. 
3 pc rhythm section wanted for 
Sun.Jam 
Sessions 
224-81o2 
227-4186 
Typing- resum es, term p ap e rs, office w ork done m y home 
656-3198 
Young mother will care tor your child, hours and salary open 
344-1834. 

Shaklee Natural Vitam ins, spare time sales business. 684-456o 

B A G T T T T T E T ’n e e T O for two children, $8o mo. 736-5721. 

C H IL D C A R E needed from 3 to 6 weekdays for 8 and 13 years old. 
N.E. area. Need own transporta­ tion. Call 655-9588 
Lady to do housework and cook for one lad y. R o o m , b o a rd , salary 435-1641, 342-6o4o atter 6: 
Live-in m ature babysitter tor 6 year old boy, coli 828 1834 

Q: W hat were last year’s top 
IO news events? 

A: We’ll leave the ranking to you. but you’ll find a recap of the top ten events in the news of 1976 on page 34 of The 1977 
World Almanac, following the 9,ooo- entrv index. The 
World Almanac captures events, newsmakers, thrilling moments in sports, just about everything you'd care to know about. That's why it’s your book—on sale now. 

Q: How many strikeouts for The 
Bird in ’76? 

A: Detroit's rookie pitching sensation. 
Mark "The Bird” 
Fidrych, talked to quite a few baseballs during the 1976 season and got results. You can find strikeouts. E.R.A., win/loss and more on 
The Bird or any other hurler in The 1977 
World Almanac and 
Book of Facts. It’s the place to look for fascinating facts on sports of any sort, whether it’s team or individual batting records, NFL or CPL championships, or complete coverage of the Montreal 
Olympics you seek. 
Priced at just $3.25, 
The World Almanac is your book. 

THE 
1977 
WORLD 
ALMANAC 
& BOOK 
OF FACTS 
$3.25 

I ll 
I > 3 i Is 
V I3 h 

_ 2 £ £ r 
§ 2 p i p i 
- i r i a 

S H M ml l i t - 4 : 
*'u .3 4 i s l e 
V» co 
’•* 

S A * 
Ii 

B O O K K E E P I N G 
A N D 
A C ­ 
C O U N T IN G S E R V IC E S by highly qualified accountant and financial counselor. Bookkeeping, tax re ­ turns and tax planning, financial statem ents, q u a rte rly reports, governm ent filings,and other fin­ ancial services for sm all b u sin ­ esses. 69o-1526. 

S E L L Y O U R 

S P O R T S 

E Q U I P M E N T 
Buy yourself the sporting equipment you've been wanting. You'll find great buys in *oday's Want Ads. 

Call 
225-1666 

 r n 

Growing 

 into and out of things is fun... 

 ti 

% r n . 

\ 
\w 

 but expensive 

It costs money to stop using perfectly good articles because you have outgrown them. It costs money to replace them, too. Many folks solve both problems by selling the used and buying the useable through 
E X P R E S S N E W S classified ads. 

Why not use this simple solution to a growing family problem! 
Dial Direct — 

oXoXo 

 ertising 

THE SAN ANTONIO 
EXPRESS NEWS