NOW! 

VALUABLE PRIZES ★ UP TO $1,ooo CASH SUBSCRIBER BONUS 
★ A TRIP EQR TWO TO MEXICO CITY! 
P e ia il» , C o l* 3 

Nastase beats 

FORECAST 

Cloudy, cooler. High, upper 
6os. 
Low, mid-4os. 

Thursday’s temperatures in Column 2 

San Antonio Express 

Texas’ greatest morning newspaper 

EXCLUSIVE WIRE SERVICES: ASSOCIATED PRISS, NEW YORK TIMES SERVICE, WASHINGTON POST SERVICE, LOS ANGELES TIMES 
SERVICE, NEWSDAY SERVICE, AGENCE FRANCE PRESSE, MANCHESTER GUARDIAN SERVICE, LONDON TIMES SERVICE 
Union offers Harper millions but bankers m a y balk 

By JERRY DEAL 
O F THE EXPRESS STAFF 
EAGLE PASS — Rancher-business- man Richmond C. Harper Sr. repor­ tedly has millions of dollars committed front a labor union pension fund to pay off his creditors, but some of them are reported to be balking at the terms. 
Harper, threatened with foreclosure 

 of his feedlot and meat packing opera­ tions, has a commitment of up to $ 1 2 million at an above average interest rate, one source said. 
The source said the co m m itted money is from a fund operated by the 
Stagehands, U shers and O perators 
Union, AFL-CIO. The com m itm ent expires on March 21, the source said. 

However, the Express was told by the source and two creditors that 
Harper is trying to pay off the credi­ tors at a rate of 5o cents on the dollar in an effort to gain some operating capi­ tal. 
Most creditors have declined the offer, the source said. 
Meanwhile, the First National Bank 

 of Chicago posted notice Thursday at 
Maverick County Courthouse it will publicly sell H arper’s Maverick Feed 
Yards. Inc., on April 5. 
T h at a p p a re n tly m e a n s un less 
Harper can come up with $4.4 million owed the bank, he will lose the feedlot. 
Another source said the Chicago bank is “ very serious this time and has. 

 said it will not permit any more de­ lays.” 
The bank and three other creditors filed notices of intent to auction off 
Harper’s holdings on Jan. 4 and again on Feb. I. Neither sale was held. 
The source said Surety Savings 
Assn. of Houston, which lent Harper 
,$1.9 million last July, still is trying to 

 negotiate a deal for repayment. 
Charles Laswell, general counsel for 
Surety, said there “ is every indication they’ll (Harper) get the money.” 
Laswell said, “ We’re giving them a reasonable time to get their loan fund­ ed. If they don’t get it funded in the- 

WASHINGTON (AP) - Hanafi Mos­ lem terrorists laid down their guns and swords early Friday and released the 
134 hostages they had held in a reli­ gious blood feud that paralyzed Lite nation’s capital for 38 hours. 
The Hanafis were a rre ste d ; their 

 v ictim s re u n ited with reliev ed fa ­ milies. 
Police began booking the terrorists on charges of armed kidnaping. 
Peter Flaherty, the Carter adminis­ tration s choice to be deputy attorney general, said the leader would be a r­ 

 raigned immediately and the 14 or 15 others that he called suspects would be brought to court later Friday. 
The peaceful climax came after the ambassadors of three Islamic nations lent their negotiating skills. 
The freed captives were taken im ­ 

 mediately to hospitals and were greet­ ed by tearful relatives. 
At the sam e tim e, sh a rp sh o o te rs were withdrawn from their battle sta­ tions at the three sites that had been home to the people taken innocently and by surprise in three coordinated 

 strikes Wednesday. 
As the hostages were freed, church bells began to ring at the Foundry 
United Methodist Church where rela­ tives of the B’nai B rith captives had kept their long vigil. 
Tragically, one man was killed and 

M ore stories, p h o to s on 
Pages 8 A, I AA, 16 A , 17A 
............ nearly a dozen injured — all in the r f early hours. 
No one would discuss the details of I 

Prizes await winners 

Prizes await the lucky w inners in the super $5o,ooo Sweepstakes daily in the 
Express and The News and the big I J weekend Express-News. 
All it takes to enter is your Social 
S ecu rity n u m b e r an d p riz e s a r e I awarded daily. See complete entry I ru le s and to d a y ’s list of w in n in g jp numbers on Page OB. 
On Sunday, the super w inner re- J ceives $1,ooo in prizes plus a big f subscription bonus. If you subscribe to J both the Express and The News, you I win an extra $5oo Or you may win $25o | if you subscribe to only the Express or I 
The News. 
All prizes are in the form of gift I certificates with merchants of the I winner’s choice. The merchant m ust I have advertised in the Express or The I 
News this week. 
E nter the su p e r sw eepstakes b e - 1 cause in April there will be a grand I prize of a trip for two to Mexico City | plus subscription bonuses. 

(COOP m o rn in g)-------- 

Index 
Chuekle 

Action E x p m tt ................................SB 
Today s m iracle urujjs sound so 
^ rts 
3 C ex c itin g — you feel like you re 
Astrolog i t niissin g so m eth in g if s o u 're 
Bridge..♦ !!!! !!!*.!!!! I*.I*.r .I*. BC healthy. 
Business, Finance .................. SI) 
Cattle C latter................................. .BD 

} rissanrd P u u ir Z 
Z 
Z 
Z 
’. a th u m o a v , n n N u n n i . 
D eaths 
......................................SD 
I Hilnri tis 
IMA lorn 
SF 
9 am i t 
4 o m ll r a tio n a ls ........................................................?om w loom ss b o m ii 
M arkets 
............................ 7,HD 
Jon. s* ii am, to 
J pm JI 
V f u v m a k e r s 
‘AA 
4 o w 
Noon 
*1 
* o m 
> 4 H S l l l d h t i s . ................................. . . . . . I 
, o j n 
V p m 
69 
Scen e 
..................... 
I-3B 
6om sr a Am ti to pm 68 
Snorts 
| . ill t a m 
SI l o r n 
I") ti pm 69 sports 
................ I JU 
| a m J/ 
4 pm. 
IS 
Midnight 6 8 
Television 
............................... BC 
T heaters....................................... I ii 
Want A d s .................................. 7-IIC 
Weather .......................................2H l l ITH YEAR 

COLUMNISTS 
N O . 1 o 4 
Jack Anderson ............................JA 
6 
4 p A G E S 
Ann Landers................................... 2B w 
Barry R obinson................................ID 
Roddy btinsORI 
. .......................... IX 
T*Lei»MONe* Want 
Ads 4Mon f i t I 
Dr. Gee. Ihosteson ....................Bt am s so pm ) t i s ibm am other depart mono ll a in 9 p m I IJS NII; City editor 
49 pm / a m i lls NII. Sports editor ( 9 p m/ o rn I H I H i ! ai f t ! //at 

DID YOU KNOW; lf you receive home delivery of the Express and Sunday 
Express-News si more will bring you the evening News |t»r a month Tutu! 
$4 35 per month. Call 225-7411 fur p ro m p td e lu e rv . 
. 

PEOPLE who wore hold hostage in tho District Building by the Hanafi Moslem gunmen walk out a door of the building early Friday morning ofter they wore released by the gunmen 
Shaw says he’ll take 
’discrepancies’ to DA 

CoM1NGI 
SUNDAY 

By DEBORAH WESER 
Several unexplained valuation changes on Bexar County tax rolls may have violated the law , 
A ssessor-Collector Ben Shaw said Thursday. 
He called the three-year-old changes 
“ discrepancies” and said he plans to take them to the d istrict atto rn ey ’s office early next week. 
“ We think they are discrepancies, possibly violations of the law,” Shaw declared. 
O bject of his con cern a re u n e x ­ plained changes in values listed on property cards held by the county for lax purposes. 
The changes were made in May 1974 on properties i n a northern sector ut 

 the county and apparently involved one or two formerly employed appraisers, 
Shaw said. 
He also said he was not prepared to make accusations at this time. 
N either a p p ra is e r is now on the county or the City-County Appraisal 
Office staff, he added. 

Some of the changes caused reduc­ tions in the total p ro p e rty value. 
Others simply erased the listed value of improvements — that is, buildings 
«— on the land. Shaw continued. 
The county tax assessor-collector said he has no explanation for the changes and simply wants legal staff in the district attorney's office to look into the situation. 
“ We just want lo show the DA all the 

 changes that were made and let him in v e stig a te to see if a n y th in g is wrong,” Shaw continued. 
“ From my standpoint, I’m interested in seeing the property that should bt* taxed is taxed,” he added 
According to Shaw, the changes have been made on modest residential pro­ perties in the $15,(HK) to $2o,ooo market value range. 
So far, the changes reflect only a value loss of about $ 1 o o ,o o o , he indi­ cated, un a total tax roll valued at about $4 billion. 
Shaw and his associate, businessman 
Jtje Rainey Manton, initiated the first scrutiny earlier this week after re­ ceiving citizen complaints that some properties have been left off the tax rods. 

The secret lives of the oil sheiks! 

Life after death 
Some .coincidences that will amaze you! 

Those new antiques 

How to find them! 

H 
SAN ANTONIO EXPRESS— Friday March 11 1977 
Wallace to be up in air for Guatamala partners 

Gov. George C. Wallace will fly to Guatemala with his family next week to dedicate a rehabilitation center. 
Desi still loves Lucy 

Desi Arnaz says his love affair with Lucille Ball is over but not forgotten. 
The couple, whose television series “ I Love Lucy” went on the air in 1951 and can still be seen in reruns, was divorced 17 years ago and both have remarried. But Ar- naz says he still sends Miss Ball flowers every year on their wedding anniversary and she calls him on 
March 2 every year to wish him a happy birthday. 
"She called me last week on my fiOth birthday, said Arnaz, in Seattle publicizing his autobiography, "A 
Book by Desi Arnaz.” 

The center Wallace will dedicate 
March 19 is in Guatemala City. 

It was financed with $55,ooo in contributions raised in Alabama by m em bers of the Alabama-Guate- maia Partners of the Americas. 
The Birm ingham -based organi­ zation has been working to help the 
Central American country recover from an earthquake in February 
1976. 

The Wallaces w ill fly to Acapulco. 
Mexico, the day after the dedica­ tion. and the governor will address a convention of Dorsey Trailers, 
Inc., of Elba, Ala., the following 
Monday, an aide said. 

SPECIALS GOOD 
Downtown-Southside & Northside 
FRIDAY. SATURDAY A MONDAY 

CK FU 
ANT 
AND 
KOACH 
KILUK 

REYNOLD'S 
25 FT. 
IAI rn 

( n L U n 
PW J" 

ISM oz(M 
LIMIT 

2.98 VALUE 
SERGEANTS 
SENTRY f MONTH 

- 
I DOO OC CAl| 
FUA 

Jason Carter, I 9-month-old grand­ 

 son of President C arter, peers out 

 from the railing of the Truman Bal­ 

 cony during arrival ceremonies for 

British Prim e M in iste r Jam es C a l­ 

 laghan at the W hite House Thursday. 

Callaghan came for a three-day of­ 

 ficial visit. 

W eight problem s add fat to GOP 

The Wisconsin Republican parly is $5 richer, thanks to Democratic 
State Sen. Dale McKenna’s weight problems. 

As an in cen tiv e to d ie t, the 
178-pound senator from Jefferson had decided to donate $5 to his 
“ least favorite organization” if he fails to shed two pounds a week. 

Utst week McKenna didn’t make it. So he made out a check. 
It was not the first. 
W hile on a similar diet two years ago, he gave the COP $15. 
“ Dale’s hoping that if he gives enough, he ll get a free ticket to a 
Lincoln Day dinner,” said 
John 
Huebscher, 
McKenna’s adm inis­ trative aide. 
Then, as an afterthought, he ad­ ded that perhaps a free dinner is not w hat the senator needs. 
A real panhandler 

A Nevada woman swished the sand from a pan of gold nuggets in record time to win the ladies’ title in the World Gold Panning Cham­ pionship at Rosamond, Calif. Marie 
Bertles of Fallon. Nev., won with a time of 17.8 seconds, besting the previous record of 18.9 seconds set in last year’s championship by Mrs. 
Robert Box of Ahwahnee. 

In the contest, the participants 

 use a 1o-inch pan filled with dry sand and eight gold nuggets. The entrant who washes away the sand in a trough in the fastest time wins. 
Each lost n u g g e t re s u lts in a 
1o-second penalty. 
The championship is held at Tro­ pics Gold Mine, Mill and Goldcamp near this southern Kern County town about 18o miles north of Los 
Angeles on the road to the Mother 
Lode country in the High Sierra. 
Senate defies 
Carter over water projects 

WASHINGTON (AP) - The Senate defied President Carter oil Thursday by voting overwhelmingly to make him spend all of the money appropriated for water development projects. 
Both Democrats and R epublicans opposed C a rte r on the issue even though the P re sid e n t m et with m em bers of Congress several hours earlier to explain his proposed c u t­ backs. 
By a 65 to 24 vote, the Senate a t­ tached the water project amendment to a bill creating public works jobs to stimulate the economy. The jobs bill was approved 74 to ll, but a conference will be necessary with the House, which has passed a different version. 
19 projects 

Carter deleted funds for 19 water projects iii the budget he submitted to 
Congress last month. In addition, the administration disclosed this week that 27 additional water projects have failed initial screening and may also be in jeopardy even though Congress has authorized them. 
With the backing of key committee chairmen. Sen. J. Bennett Johnston introduced the am endment which he said “ undoes the President’s plan on water projects.” 
It specifies that the water projects 
“ should not be discontinued except by following the legislative process." It required that all money set aside for the projects this year should be spent by the President. 
Without mentioning Carter by name. 
Democrats accused “ the executive” of usurping the role of Congress by not submitting his cutbacks for approval. 
Sen. E dm und M uskie. D -M aine, chairm an of the Budget Comm ittee, declared, “ I don’t take an exception of 
President reviewing projects but I violently disagree with the process used.” 
Bureaucrat 
Ile said a Maine project had been scrapped simply because of a two-page memo written by “ a n am eless b u r ­ eaucrat.” 
Sen. Howard Baker, the Republican leader, backed the a m e n d m e n t wholeheartedly but said “ w henever there was a Republican i i i the White 
House it was never a third-rate b u­ reaucrat at fault — it was always P re­ sident Nixon or Ford.” 
Sen, Barry Coldwater, K-Ariz., said that at the White House meeting ll was 
“ evident when the P resident spoke that lie has his mind definitely set against these water projects without knowing anything about any facet of them." 
Voting with the m a jo rity on tile water projects am endm ent wert* 55 
Democrats and JO Republicans. Voting against it were 2o Democrats and four 
Republicans. 
The amendment said that the water projects "provide longterm benefits to communities, to states and to the en­ tire nation” by producing jobs aud en­ ergy. 

SEN. EDMOND MUSKIE 
. • • criticizes Carter 

FEA slick hike 

 ignoring oil price schemes 

WASHINGTON — That increasingly precious fuel, petroleum, often lubricates a lot of greedy hands before it trickles down to tile consumer. 

A favorite scheme is for the oil to be sold back and forth between middle­ men, each jacking up the price before it finally reaches the people who burn 
It. A fter each c o n s p ira to r in th is 
“ daisy chaiit” siphons off a profit, the inflated p ric e is passed on to the consumers. 
Buried in the files of the Federal 
E nergy A dm inistration is evidence that consumers were ripped off in this fashion for tens of millions of dollars during the Arab oil embargo of 1973-74. 
Yet despite overwhelming evidence in several cases, the agency has taken no action against the conspirators. 
“ The level of white collar crime in­ volved in this price gouging could be substantial,” warns a confidential m e­ mo from the House energy subcom ­ m ittee to its c h a irm a n . Rep. John 
Dinged, D.-Mich. “ Not only is crim in­ al activ ity going unprosecuted, but it is enormously rewarding.” 
$3.7 million more 
In just one case, according to inter­ nal governm ent docum ents, Florida consumers were overcharged at least 
$3.7 million. A startling $2 million of this “ was paid in inducem ents and commissions to a single indiv idual.” 
The recipient of this staggering sum was Ray Granlund, a paid consultant for both Florida Power and its fuel oil supplier. Signal Oil and Gas. Instead of having Signal sell its oil directly to 
Florida Power, Granlund arranged to route it through two other companies. 
One firm , L arcon P e tro le u m of 
Houston, bought the fuel from Signal for 22 to 32 cents a gallon. Larcon then turned around and charged Florida 
Power as much as 54 cents a gallon. 
From June 1973 to October 1974. 53 million gallons of oil were sold in this fashion. Larcon was involved in 33 se­ parate transactions. 
A second firm. Matrix Properties of 
Houston, was involved in six of the deals. Investigators say Matrix, a real estate holding company, was “ a con­ venient dummy corporation” to which the fuel was sold. 
The enterprising Granlund, it turned out. was pulling the purse strings on both sides of the deal. He not only was a consultant to Signal and Florida 
Powt*r, but he also had a close rela­ tionship with both Larcon and Matrix, our sources say. 
— — - 
A fter the sm o ke had cleared from the deal. G ran­ lund wound up with $1.5 mil­ lion from Larcon and another 
$452,611.oo from M atrix in commissions. 
“ On paper, each transac- 

A spokesman said Florida Power did not know Granlund was earning coin­ missions from the other companies.; A 
Larcon spokesm an adm itted paying commissions to Granlund; Matrix did not return out phone calls. 
A spokeman admitted the FEA has been lax in handling tribunal cases in the past, but said the case is now under active investigation and will be r e ­ ferred to the Justice D epartment for prosecution. 
Death list 
We recently called attention to a 
"death list” of imprisoned Argentin­ ians, most of them people of promin­ ence. who reportedly are marked for execution. The A rgentine e m b a ssy h astily a ssu re d us se v e ra l of th e prisoners "have been released.” 
But the State Department, which had learned of the Argentine government's m e ssa g e to us, w arned us in o straightforw ard note: “ In p ractice, this has not m eant necessarily that in d iv id u a ls have re g a in e d th e ir liberty, because in some cases there reportedly are pending civil or c r i­ minal charges. 
“ In other cases, the individual who was ‘released by the executive’ does not reappear. 
In other words, he is still being held, or has been killed, despite the official reassurance. 
Ski tours 
Sen. Jake Gam , R.-Utah. is using his office to sell ski trips for various Utah ski resorts. He has brought in a young clerk, Brenda Nesmith, to handle the promotion, booking and ticket selling. 
Her $l,ooo-a-month salary, however. 

'There appears to be collusion between several firm s and indi­ viduals . . . . apparently at the expense o f the customers Floris 

 tion looks perfectly legal*,” da Power Corp. one investigator told our as- _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ sociate How ie Kurtz. 

SEN. HOWARD DAKER 
. . . likes plan 

It binds Congress not to cut funds for the construction projects. 
The House does not mention water projects in its jobs bill, which was originally part of the P r e s i d e n t’s economic package. Both bills provide 
$4 billion this year to c re a te up to 
184.ooo public works jobs to reduce unemployment. 

“ But once you pierce the corporate veil, you see that the oil didn’t really go anywhere. They were just walking the price up so Granlund could make a killing.” 
There is no question that the FEA had the evidence. An internal docu­ ment concluded. “ There appears to be collusion between several firm s and individuals. . . . By routing the fuel through Larcon and Matrix, Granlund was personally enriched, apparently at the expenee of the customers of Flori­ da Power Corp.” 
Price hikes of at least $3.7 million were passed on to Florida electricity users. 
T h ere w ere o th er “ daisy c h a in ” operations in other states, yet the en­ ergy agency took no action against the offenders. Our sources say energy of­ ficials in D allas and W ashington sim p ly w ere not in te re ste d in prosecuting these consumer rip-offs. 
The daily chains don’t work as well when oil is plentiful, but when supplies again become tight, the wheelers and dealers will be drawn to the oil like moths to a lightbulb. 
‘Perfectly legal’ 

Granlund conceded getting $2 m il­ lion in c o m m issio n s, but w o uld n ’t comment directly on the transactions. 
“ Whatever I did was perfectly legal, honorable and aboveboard,” he told us. 

 is paid by the not the ski resorts. 
Garn’s office explained that the ski reeorts have had hard times because of the low snowfall. 
So Snowbird Ski Resort, on behalf of itself and other resorts, called on the 
Utah congressional delegation for help. 
Gam responded by assigning a clerk to huckster ski trips to people on Ca­ pitol Hill. 
Washington whirl 
The Federal Trade Commission pays 
Jim T urner, a form er Ralph N ader associate, to speak for the consumers at its hearings. 
Now Turner has quietly signed on with one of the special interests that 
.participate in the hearings. He has gone to work for the National Health 
Federation, which represents health food stores. 
T urner says he happens to agree with the federation. Meanwhile, the trade commission may have lo find another consumer representative. 
Nuclear hazards 
An internal study made for the Nu­ clear R egulatory C om m ission ’s a d ­ visory council on the co ntrov ersial 
North Anna, Va., nuclear plant has found fake anchor bolts and other ha­ zards in its construction. 
The plant, which is built on a geolo­ gical fault, also has mismatched joints that could cause a dangerous radioac­ tive leak. 
Zaire rallies defense 

The Express in its Thursday issue inadvertently omitted the name of a candidate for the city council election in Windcrest April 2. 
Jam es Nuvy’s name was left off tile list of other candidates, Harry L. Gans and John S. Me laky. 

KINSHASA. Zaire (AP) — Zaire said 
Thursday that mercenaries from An­ gola had attacked and occupied three cities in southern Zaire and its own troops were “ engaged in crushing the invader.” 

Seven U.S. Methodist m issionaries were reported under house arrest. 
The alleged m ercenaries were not identified. 

Z aire, i i i a le tte r to 
LEN. 
Secretary-G eneral Hurt W aldheim , told the United Nations it was under attack by “ several colum ns of m e r­ c en aries” by Angola and was " e n ­ gaged in crushing the invader.’’ 
“ Iii the last 48 hours,” it said, “ an army of mercenaries in the pay of the 
Angolan government has invaded our country, attacking peaceful citizens and economic targets in villages and the towns of Dilolo, K apangu and 
Kiscngi with the obvious aim of p ar­ alyzing this key region." 
In Washington, a State Department spokesman said 2o U.S. missionaries and two Peace Corps volunteers were working iii the area. He said seven 
American missionaries were reported under house arrest in Kapanga. 
Dr. Juel Nordby, executive secretary of the United M ethodist C hurch in 
Africa, said from his home in Tenafly, 
N.J.. tiiat the seven missionaries were w orking ut a m ed ical sta tio n in 
Kapanga. 

He said radio messages between the mission and the U.S. Embassy in Kin­ shasa indicated “ all seven are okay. 
No injuries or damage was reported. 
They were ordered to stay in their homes.” 

Nordby said Methodist missions in 
Sandoa. 5o miles south of Kapanga, and at Kolwsi, a m ining town near 
Dilolo, reported all was calm although 

 they were aware of trouble nearby. 
There was speculation the invaders could bt* Cubans or troops who backed the late separatist Moist* Tshombe in his stru g g le to m ake 
K a ta n g a province, now Shaba, independent of the Kinshasa government. 
"It is my understanding that the troops involved are from the former katangcsc arm y... there was no In­ dication of Cubans,’ said Nordby. 
Nixon told insurance won’t cover lawsuits 

NtW YO** TIMM SttVICl 

WASHINGTON — The insurance company from which Richard M. Nix­ on bought various policies in his pre­ sidency has informed him that these policies do not cover the dam age awards that he may be ordered to pay in a wiretapping case and in several other pending lawsuits. 

Among other things, it was reported 
Thursday, the company said that none of the policies gave coverage for conspiracy, one of the allegations in some of tile suits against Nixon, 
The company, Great American, act­ ed in response to a letter from Nixon's insurance agent lust Ja n u a ry that 

 raised the possibility of coverage under the policies. 
The agent, Edw ard O. Sullivan. 
Bronxville, N.Y., said in a telephone interview it was his idea to send the letter but that Nixon had approved it. 
In a letter to Nixon, the insurance company made a number of points: 
Two of the policies did not cover personal injury claims at all; sections of two others had exclusions for busi­ ness pursuits and for acts committed by or at the direction of the insured with the intent to cause personal injury or property damage and the policies required the insured to give the com­ pany notice when an act occurred that could give rise to liability. 

Campaign goes on the road 

District 3 City Council candidate 
Helen 
Dntmer Thursday closed her campaign headquarters down on orders from City Hall. 

Reason? 

Her headquarters was located in a house at Palfrey Drive and Goliad 
Road, and the City Zoning Com­ mission held the house can’t be used for commercial purposes. 

Mrs. L. W. “Tinker’’ Murdock, 
Mrs. Dutmer’s campaign manager, said the commission action won'! slow down Mrs. Dutm er’s cam ­ paign. 

Mrs. Murdock said the new 
Dutmer headquarters is a mobile one — the trunk of her 197$ Mark 
IV. 

Just in passing, Mrs. Murdock noted Councilman Bob Billa, one of 
Mrs. Dutmer’s opponents, at one time was a member of the City 
Zoning Commission. 

Council leaves tax rate alone; shuffles funds 

SA N AN TO N IO EXPRESS— -Friday March I I 1977 
H 

City Council voted Thursday to leave the tax rate unchanged and approved a series of transfers to make up a projected shortage of some $3 million. 

Actual transfers totaled close to $4 million which allows the city to close out the fiscal year with a balance of about $1 million. 
Council set the tax rate at $1.65 per 
$1oo assessed valuation, based on 45 per cent of actual value. 
Gripes 
Some council mem bers griped about having the issue dropped on them without tim e to talk about it in a d ­ 

 vance. But they went ahead with ap­ proval because the tax bills need to be mailed to property owners and m or­ tage holders. 
The tax levy covers the fiscal year that started last May and ends in June of this year. Because of the time lag between budget adoption and tax levy, the city doesn’t know for sure how much money it will have until half the fiscal year is gone. 
City Mgr. Tom H uebner said the shortage came about because of delays in passing a utility hike last year and because of faulty a p p ra isa ls which 
‘ caused some property values to be lowered after they had been raised. 
Also, there were overruns in the po­ lice department because of money paid 
M exican consul urges increased cooperation 

By DAVID MCLEMORE 
The U.S. and Mexico m ust take stronger cooperative action to solve problems common along their 2.ooo mile border, the Mexican Consul Gen­ eral here said Thursday. 
The two most pressing problems of common interest to both countries are drugs and illegal aliens, Haul Gonza­ lez Galarza said. 
Gonzalez Galarza was guest speaker to the Northwest Rotary Club luncheon meeting at the Old San Francisco 
Steak House. 
Form er 
Bexar lawmaker acquitted 

A federal court jury has ac­ quitted a former Bexar County state legislator of charges he misused his position with the 
U.S. Department of Housing and 
Urban Development. 

A nine-woman, three-man jury found 
Edward ll. Sheridan not guilty on all three counts of an indictment charging conflict of interest, receiving unauth­ orized compensation and making a false statement. 

Back to work 

Sheridan said Thursday he was on leave but will return to work as deputy chief of the valuation section in HUD’s regional office here. 

The indictm ent charged him with inflating the value of townhouses in an 
Austin subdivision and then receiving a 4 per cent discount when he l>ought one of the tow nhouses. 

But testimony differed during the trial here on whether the values set by 
Sheridan were indeed inflated. 

Discount 

Sheridan also m aintained the d is­ count he received was in lieu of a real estate broker’s commission 

Sheridan also argued the charges stemmed from allegations made by a fellow HUD employe who was m o ti­ vated by professional jealousy. 

The verdict was returned lute 
Wednesday after the jury had heard seven days of testimony. 

Sheridan represented Bexar County 

 i i i the Texas Legislature during the 
195os. 

“ We are dealing with two kinds of people in the drug traffic,” he said. 
“There are those in Mexico who wish for w hat th e ir n o rth ern n e ig h b o rs have. 
“ On the other side, there are those who, by virtue of having everything, find no other way to spend their sur­ plus except by c o n su m in g a g re a t quantity of drugs.” 
Gonzalez Galarza noted that U.S. ci­ tizens consume $5 billion in legal and illegal drugs each year. 
“ It seems it would be cheaper for the 

U.S. to increase prices for legal Mexi­ can import goods to give more flexibi­ lity to importation quotas,” he said. 

“ This would enable our peasants to be in a better position to obtain more money for crops and resist the temp­ tation of d e a lin g w ith d ru g sm ugglers.” 

G onzalez G alarza also sugg ested g r e a te r c o n ta c t betw een U.S. and 
Mexican legal and police authorities to seek stronger punishment for drug of­ fenders. 

DISC JOCKEY M ichael Black, left, the Rev. M ichael 
O ’G orm an strap on their w a lk in g shoes for a practice hike 
March to raise cash fo r church 

About 2o4) youth and adults from 
St. Gregory Parish, 7oo Dewhurst 
Ave., will be m arching to raise money for their adopted parish in 
Campamento, Honduras. Saturday. 
"We support our ‘adopted’ parish in Honduras every year with this m a rc h ,” said the Rev. Michael 
O’Gorman, coordinator of the event. 
The 22-mile hike will start at the church and continue on the access road of 1H1o to the Camp Bulbs exit and return on the same route. 

The marchers had pledges from people who will pay them a certain amount per m ile hiked. F ath er 
O’Gorman said. 

" I t’s a real parish involvement thing, Last year we raised more than $3,IMM) and we have gone as far as raising $5,o<M) in 1974,” he said. 

"The parish in Honduras, which we adopted in 197o. will use the money for their center’s and parish instructional needs.” 

Clayton to speak 

Speaker of the Texas 
House Bill Clayton will speak before the 54)th an­ niversary Pan American 
Student Forum al ll a.m. 
Friday at the Convention 

Center. 
His speech before the junior and senior high school students com pris­ ing the Texas organiza­ tion will follow a special 

865o ftandtro Bond 

St. A u g u s t in * (C a r p e t) 
^ 
G R A S S . . run P A L L I ? .........8 # 
HI I* 

LE SS T H A N A EULL P A L L E T .................... 
I . o 7 h I*- 
FLOM A T A * . . HHl FAU!? . . . . . 1 . 3 9 „ 

U U THAN A fu ll A A llft. , , , ......... 
I .6 o mi rd. 

COMPLETE TUT 4 LOME PRODUCTS AVAILABLE. 
TREES 
PLANTS 
SHRUBS 
SEEDS 

Come Vint Our Complete 6 
Acre 
Garden 
C enter with everyday ' FARM TO Y O U ” 
PRICES And SAVEll 

OPEN Daily 8-7 P.M. 
6 8 4 - 2 1 1 o 

 g re e tin g by 
M exican 
Consul Raul Gonzaloz- 
Galarza. 

An estimated 5,499) stu­ dents are expected dur­ ing the three-day co n­ vention, which began 
Thursday. 

There will be 2o work­ shop sessions Friday af­ ternoon and election of officers will be Friday evening. 

Mexican and dances will be performed by the 
San Antonio College folk dance group at 7 p rn., 
I followed by m a ria c h i musicians. 

 to retiring policemen for sick pay that was not budgeted 

On reco m m en d atio n of H uebner, council m ade up the $4 m illion by agreeing to use $2 million in revenue sharing money that comes from the federal government, transferring $1 million from the fund set up to replace city vehicles and $1 million from the fund used to pay off city bonds. 
Optimism 

Huebner told council he is optimistic the city’s ability to forecast revenues will improve. 

Councilman Al Rohde said as far back as December he saw' the prob­ lem developing and asked for "hard decisions’’ and alternatives then. He questioned whether using the revenue sharing money is legal. 

"I assure you we are not in violation of the law’, "Huebner said. 
Health care 

The Rev. Claude Black, who took over as mayor pro tem Thursday under the council’s rotation .policy, asked staff to address the health problems on the East Side on a con­ tinuing basis. 

One-shot use of rev en u e sh a rin g money is not the answer, he continued, adding health care needs have to be built into the tax rate as a continuing obligation. 

Huebner, who already is at work on the budget for the new fiscal year that starts in June, said he plans to address that issue in the new budget. 
Mailmen fin d dog(gone) hero 

City Councilman Richard Teniente 
Thursday cam e out firm ly against dogs biting mailmen. 
Or mailwomen, for that matter. 
Addressing the National Assn. of 
Letter C arriers Thursday, Teniente said he supports the city’s dog leash law. 
Asserting high utility bills are the num ber one concern of residents, 
Teniente, running for re-election from 
District 7, told the letter carriers that bills won’t get sm aller but they can be stabilized. 
Teniente said he feeds elimination of the five per cent sales tax on utility bills will give some relief. He said utilities are as much of a necessity as groceries and medicine, which are not taxed. 

District 4 center urged 

There is a definite need for re c re a tio n a l fa c ilitie s for youngsters in District 4, City 
Council c a n d ia d a le Joh nn y 
Mala said Thursday. 
Speaking to those attending 

 an open house at Leal Junior 
High School, Mata said "There are talented young people in my urea who have no place Lo learn arts and crafts or to par­ ticipate in organized spoi ls 

One small article for the country’s decent people 

Thursday m orning, less than 24 hours after a group of religious fanatics had taken over three Washington build­ ings, a lone black man left his home on San Antonio’s West 
Side. 
Few people noticed him as he walked to a nearby bus stop a little after 7 o’clock. 
He looked like any other elderly man going to work. Only the worn briefcase in his hand set him apart from the laborers and tradesm en who boarded the bus with him. 
Magazine 
As soon as he sat down, he reached into the briefcase, pulled out a religious magazine and held it up for everyone to see. 
Most of the passengers ignored him as they walked by. But that didn’t bother him. He was used to indifference — and worse. 
“ I ’ve su ffe re d rid ic u le of all kinds," he had once confided to a new spaper co lu m nist who in te r­ viewed him. “ You get where you expect it. 
"The problem is responding in a kind way.” 
Was that difficult to do? the co­ lumnist had asked. 
And he had replied with a ques­ tion: “ Have you ever seen ridicule that w as so m e th in g to laugh about?” 
But indifference was easier to handle than ridicule, and he had learned to cope with it. 
"I even understand it,” he had admitted to the columnist. “ I used to think people who handed out li­ te ra tu re on s tre e t co rn e rs w ere stupid myself. 
"T hat’s why I was so scared the first time I tried it. I was afraid of what people would think." 
And alth ou gh it had been six y e a rs since he s ta rte d m a k in g 
God’s kingdom known (as he called his street-w itnessing efforts), he still felt a little fear every time he got on the bus and headed down­ town. 
The fear 
T h u rsd a y m o rn in g he forgot about the fear as soon as he saw a man and woman trying to read the cover of the magazine in his hand. 
"It says: ‘Announcing Jehovah’s 
Kingdom,’” he told them, striking up a conversation, then offering them a copy of the magazine for a nickel contribution. 
But they didn't have a nickel, so 

 he gave it to th e m for noth in g, thinking he could make up the loss during the day. 
Maybe he would even get lucky and run into som ebody like that woman who stopped and talked to him on Soledad Street a year or so ago. 
She took a m agazine and gave him a dollar. It w as the biggest contribution he ever received. 
Dollar 

However, m ore than likely he wouldn’t collect a whole dollar all day, he admitted to himself as he got off the bus in the m iddle of downtown. Fifteen cents would be more like it. T h a t's what he had collected the day before. 
The b usiness d istric t was just b eg inn ing to com e aliv e as he walked east on Houston Street to 
Broadway. 
He set up shop on the northwest corner of the intersection in front of a vacant store. Then he tucked his briefcase under his arm and filled both hands with literature. 
He stood there all morning in the cold wind, holding out his m a g a ­ zines and g re e tin g p a s s e rs b y : 
"Good morning. I’d like to leave this with you.” 
Terrorists 

Meanwhile, a few blocks away in a newspaper office, a columnist re­ ceived a call from a reader who was angry about the biggest news story of the day — the takeover of three 
W ashington buildings by M uslim terrorists. 
“ You know, it’s a shame a bunch of (bleep s) like that can get so much publicity,” said the caller. 
"T hat’s part of the problem. They do it because they know they’ll get all the attention. 
"If the news media would spend less time writing about people like that and more time writing about decent people, the country would be a lot better off.” 
After the columnist hung up the phone, he sat in thought for a few minutes, then put on his coat arid walked out of the newspaper build­ ing toward Houston Street. 
At the intersection of Houston and 
Broadway, he saw a familiar figure standing in front of a vacant store holding religious magazines in both hands. 
"Hi. Mr. Maddix,” he said to the kind-faced, elderly m an. "I won­ dered if you’d be down here today. 
You know. I never did write that story about you....” 
Ex-bank execs testify 

A federal grand jury Thursday con­ tinued to hear from officials of a defunct Carrizo Springs bank during its probe of banking irregularities in 
South Texas. 
Eagle Pass businessm an Enrique 
Salinas, who owned Citizens State 
Bank in Carrizo Springs when it was closed, was subpoenaed to appear here 
Thursday and Friday. 
State banking officials closed Citi­ zens State last June. 

That closing triggered a massive probe by several state and federal agencies which is centered around the grand jury here. 
Also appearing at the grand jury meetings were Salinas’ wife, Gretchen, and former Citizens State officials 
Urban Farrow’, Jim Bob Nance and 
Dan Sanchez Jr. 
A subpoena to appear before the grand jury does not necessarily mean a person is a target of the panel’s probe. 

It only indicates federal prosecutors believe the witness can shed light on mutters under investigation. 
Records compiled by the staff of a 
U.S. House of R epresentatives sub­ committee probing Citizens State and oilier bank failures indicate Sanchez was loaned a total of $123,4991 during 
1975 and 1976. 

The staff reported $49),(99) of the loan proceeds went to Enrique Salinas. 
Council eyes laws pushed by Centro 21 

De-tarred but not de-tasted 

 the Falter Road bodge over IN ll) east ot San 
Antonio iv cloved 
Northbound and vouthbound ianev on lo r /o m o ia 
Street between New Laredo H ighw ay and Cen tenmal Street will be cloved 
Southbound traffic will detour at Centennial to the vouthbound lune on 
Laredo Highway 
Northbound traffic on M o u rvu n d B o u le va rd between Avh‘ev and Ansley vtreeiv will be de toured Traffic will turn on Avhlev Street cav! lo 
Pieuvanton Road and then north 
Southbound traffic on Mourvund will detour on Pleovonton 
Road to Ashley Road and west on Ashley bock to 
Mourvund. 
On the west vide of Son Pedro Avenue. Jock von Keller Road will be open but Oblate Drive will be dosed 
One lone of westbound traffic on (H UO will be closed in the vicinity at McCullough Avenue 
Southbound Probandt Street will be reduced to one lane at traffic because of the replank mg of the 
M K T crow ing at Lone Star Boulevard 

City Council agreed in ­ form ally Thursday to consider some ordinances to implement portions of 
Councilman 
Glen 
Hart­ m an’s pre-developm ent plan for downtown. 

The program is being put to­ gether by a council-appointed committee known as Centro 21. 

"Anil Centro 21 is working,” 
Hartman com m ented after m embers of city staff present­ ed council an update on pro­ gress. 

4'ouneil then called for an ordinance to establish a 12o-day review period before buildings with historical significance can be torn down, if they can be at all 
Freeze 
The present all-out freeze on dow ntown d e m o litio n is expiring. But it has served to raise the level of public aware­ ness and call atte n tio n to a se rio u s p ro b le m . H a rtm a n said. 
Council also scheduled for later consideration the concept of free bus rides on El Centro bus service 
Centro 21 and downtown bu­ 

 sin e ssm e n have rea c h e d agreement with the San Anton­ io Transit System and obtained 
$441.(99) in advertising com m it­ ments, Hartman said. 

A Centro 21 recommendation to set up a new city department to oversee all plans relating to urban design did not get an enthusiastic reception. 

Before council gets too far into it, Councilman Ford .Niel­ sen said lie wants information on cost implications. He was concerned another tier of go­ v e rn m e n t would be e s ta b ­ lished. 
Study budget 

During its regular session, council formally authorized a budget for the second phase of a study of the Edwards aquifer which is being done by the firm of Metcalf A Eddy, Inc. The overall study will cost in excess or $499),(99). 
Council also approved a $6 3 million study of water pollution controls needed to comply with requirem ents of the E nviron­ m en tal P ro te c tio n A gency which will pay 75 per cent of the cosl. The survey, which will lake 24) months, is required in order for the city to bi* eligible for g ra n ts for se w e rs and treatment plants. 

Lower in tar than all the 
Lights 

I- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - 
'vcobne fug 'jq mg ag 

A h Elba Mt«3 
14 
I o 
V y E rtf a M*j 
14 
I o 
K 
I Mulls 
14 
o9 
W n Lights 
*3 
o9 
M d igh ts 
13 
o8 
S m Lights it 
o8 
V 
9 
IO 
o 1 
K t Gokieh Lights 
9 
o 7 
M 
I 
8 
o5 
PALL MALL (lira Mild* 
7 
OE 

Only 
7 mg. tar 

I Am 
MFM 

PALL MALL EXTRA MILD 

Warning The Surgeon General Has Determined 
That Cigarette Smuijng Is Dangerous to Your Health 

SAN ANTONIO EXPRESS— Friday March I I 1977 
Safety inspections eyed 

Councilman Henry Cisneros said the accident, and a similar one the day before, “ suggests problems in inspec­ tion procedure.” 
Councilman Al Rohde distributed copies of a 1971 ordinance that em ­ braces state and federal laws which take precedent over city laws. 
All city public works projects, in keeping with these laws, specify the contractor comply with safety stan­ dards. 
Huebner, in a report read to council. 

By J IM W O O D 

Some City Council members called 
Thursday for tougher enforcement of inspection laws on public works pro­ jects, such as the drainage ditch being cut through Brackenridge Park where three men died Tuesday. 
However, City Mgr. Tom Huebner said the city had an inspector on the job. City Atty. Jim Parker added, “ I doubt we could have done anything (to prevent the accident).” 

 wall geometries ju d ge is theft victim 

LANSING, Mich (AP) - Michigan’s seven Supreme Court justices and 18 appellate judges had citizens band radios put in their cars last month because they often have to d rive around the state at night. 
A ppeals Court Ju d g e V incent J. 
Brennan was at a state office in Detroit a couple of weeks ago when the radio was stolen from his state car. 
‘‘I only had the darn thing two days. 
They stole it in broad daylight from the locked car. A very clean, professional job. He knew just what to do,” Bren­ nan said Thursday. “ I just laughed at myself. I couldn't believe it happened to m e.” 
Fund shares 
San Antonio Express 

Published M o "d o y through fn d o y except lo b o ' 
D a y ond 
Thanksgiving D a y and oat published on July 4, Christm as D ay, 
N ew Y#of J 'D a y when they occur M o n d a y through frid ay 
Also not published on o M o n d a y w hen July 4, Christm as Doy, 
N ew Yecu % D a y lolls on a pru<ed»ng S u n d ay 
By The E x p re ss N e w s C o rp o ra tio n 

P O So* 2171 
Son Antonio le n a s 7 82 9 / 
Second Class Postage Paid at 
San Antonio, Te*as 

Pf-tpstrcida rom e acicula de 2 do close el 29 de tills ca 
1922, mn to Adm in<%trorion de C o n d o s en N uevo Laredo, 
Tamps . M e * see 

All communications should he addressed to S a n Antonio t * press, or S an Antonio N ew s 
This newspaper will not be e sponsible tor manuscripts o r photographs not solicited tor 

3ubl»cation 

Center and Mexican-American Neigh­ borhood Civic Organization. 
Others include the Mexican-Ameri- can Unity Council, Bexar County Men­ tal 
H e a lth /M e n ta l 
R e ta rd a tio n , 
Mission Road Foundation, San Antonio 
Free Clinic, San Antonio Youth Sym­ phony Orchestra, Santa Rosa Medical * 
Center, Senior Community Services and the Salvation Army. 
Requests for revenue sharing funds exceeded $26 million. Huebner said. 
; 
The city m anager said he tried to devote as much money as possible to one-time cost projects and needs in all ■ sectors of the city were considered. , especially those which have not r e ­ cently benefitted from city expendi­ tures. 
Council will hold several work ses­ sions with city staff before changing 
Huebner’s recommendations. 
A second public hearing will be held by City Council April 5 with the final revenue sh arin g allocation due for passage on April 7 ______ 

 to be placed in the city’s general opera! mg budget 

The move was necessary, Huebner said, to help prevent a property tax rate increase, which otherwise would have been required to cover a $3 mil­ lion deficit in this year's budget. 
Another $1.1 million had already been committed by council for several projects by ordinance, like the YMCA 
West Side Branch, South Texas Health 
E ducation C enter and P ro je c t Ou­ treach 
Five city d e p a rtm e n ts received funds for on-going projects tradition­ ally funded by revenue sharing and numerous departments received funds for one-time cost projects. 
That left just over $5(1o.o6o for pro­ jects outside city departments. 
Those organizations receiving funds are the Alcoholic R e h a b ilita tio n 
C enter, C entro Del B a rrio , C risis 
Center of San Antonio. Drug Abuse 
C en tra l, Kila A ustin C o m m unity 

By D W ID HENDRICKS 

City Mgr. Thom as H uebner’s re ­ commendations for splitting the city's revenue sharing pie this year were submitted to City Council Thursday. 
Most of the nearly $7.7 million will go to city departments and the city general operating budget if Huebner’s recommendation is accepted. 
Left out of the recommendation is about $11 million in projects, mostly s tre e t d ra in a g e , re q u e ste d by 
Communities Organized for Public 
Serv ice. 
COPS members had made their re­ quest ut a public hearing last week 
In his report to council, Huebner said the large street and drainage im provem ents requested are more p ro p erly funded by C o m m u nity 
Development Act federal funds, which have already been allocated by council f • thin year. 
Council gave its approval Thursday to *2 million in revenue sharing funds 

Visit our new Fabric room where 

 you will find M IRA -X silk screen 

 fabrics designed by Verner Pan­ 

 ton in the most beautiful color 

 combinations you have ever 

 seen. 

 models shown 42x42 ea. *35. 

MAIL SUBSCRIPTION RATES 

 bi sir!* Tega* 
I M o 
6 M a * 
I ' 

M o m m y & S u n d a y 
$ 5 4 9 
$28 I I 
$ 5 * 
Moaning Only 
, 
$4 65 
$23 9o 
$4< 
Evening A Sunday 
$5 o 7 
$26 13 
$5< 

E v e n in g O n ly 
$4 4 1 
$ 2 3 o 5 
$4-< 

S u n d a y O n ly 
$ 1 2 1 
$ 1 6 1 5 
$3< 
(Pace* a b o v e in clu d e v ile * *©* ) 

OTHER STATES 

Mncmag 
Sunday 
$5 51 
$31 34 
$61 17 
Morning O nly 
$5 2o 
$27 47 
$53 75 
Evening 4 Sunday 
$5 45 
$3o 25 
$58 99 

I w a n in g O n ly 
$4 79 
$ 2 6 5o 
$ 5 1 4 3 

S u n d a y O n ly 
$3 48 
$ 1 6 95 
$ 3 2 7 4 

(S u b s c rip tio n * c ju H 'd e T e x a s a re n o t su b je ct to t o r ) 

H o m e d e liv e ry m o n th ly ro te s in S a n A n t o n io 
M o r n in g a n d 

S u n d a y , $ 3 4 o p er m o n th (in c lu d e s ta x) 6 d a y M o r n in g o n ly ./ 

$ 2 7 o p er m o n th (in c lu d e * t a i) S u n d a y cm !y 
- 4 S u n d a y — 

$ 1 4 7 p er m o n th (in c lu d e * t a *), 
5 S u n d a y 
—- 
$1 8 4 p e r 

 m o n th (include* t a i) 

C O M B IN A T IO N RATE 
M orning, Evening. 
Saturday and 

S u n d a y , $4 3 5 p m m o n th 

It s different, it s From 

6951 Son Pedro, residential 344 2338, commercial 341-1691 

7-pc. Oriental wok set in wooden storage crate 
Saturday at Joske's is 
'The Day of the Wok" 

Downtown, 12-4 p.m. 
North Star, 12-4 p.m. 
Windsor Park, 12-4 p.rn 
Popular wok cooking set, all packed in a decorative sturdy wooden storage crate! Set includes 14" steel wok and ring, 14" cover, 
Chinese ladle, turner, IO pairs of chopsticks, plus Wok & Tempura cookbook to get you started on this fascinating cooking method! 

Learn to stir-fry vegetables so they retain their crisp freshness and nutrients! 
Learn to prepare delicious Oriental entree specialties and enjoy tasting samples! Come to Joske's 
Housewares Department Saturday at the places and times shown above and learn the secrets of Oriental cooking. 
Chinese gourmet accessories: 

Chinese cleaver .......................................8.oo 
Skimmer/strainer .....................................3.oo 
Steel ladle .................................................3.5o 
Steel turner ...............................................2.5o 
IO pr. chopsticks .................................... 1.oo 

Wk A M 
Includes super heavy gauge 14" 
^ oxidized steel wok with cast aluminum handles and chrome f \ plated steel cover. Flat bottom is 
J perfect for use on electric stoves, or 
^ use the chrome plated ring for cooking on gas stoves. 
SHOP ALL STORES IO TIL 9 FRIDAY! 

Housewares, Downtown, North Star 
Windsor Park and Austin 

A UNIT O f ALLIED STOMS 

Electric 6-quart Oriental wok from West Bend 

Prepare exotic Oriental dishes the easy way with West Bend's electric wok! 
Automatic wok features large 6-qt, capacity with authentic shape that is ideal for stir-frying, poaching, stewing, steaming, and simmering foods. Even-heating 
J aluminum pan has stable, tip-resistant base and removable automatic heat con- 
^ trol for immersible cleaning. Fired-on, no-stick porcelain interior makes cooking and clean-up easy and hassle-free. Get yours today and enjoy healthy and nu­ tritious Oriental cooking! You'll find this electric wok in Small Electrics, Down­ town, North Star, Windsor Park, Las Palmas and Austin Highland Mall. 

These products hew© a manufacturer's warranty F’or a free copy of the warranty write: Joske's of Texas, San Antonio, Texas 782o6 

OUR BIGGEST 
STOREWIDE 
SPRING EVENT! 

Sale! Save on new contemporary rugs in two styles 

1 
. 1 
/ 3 
- ^ - , ! 
- 
. . 
- 
{ fit 
.-A ' 
A fc 
J % 
J§ ; \ 
S t 

 i 
I 
;v 
J , • 
> 
M 
. 
V 
.% tt. 
U ** ii 
Ip ilp ^ 
^ife 

V 
IM 
In>%.- 
I X y 
J V 

■‘ ii 

 l f ’ rf, 

^ 
o» 
*’•» l r l r 

 r n 

S., • / ' 7 - • " 
IrV' in ii * 
< » * 
7* 
^ ft i 
I r . 
^ hi. 
* ! '})} 
A' I Ut* 

ITSr -A v 
A- - 
'-SH 
K ^ A 
-' o**" ‘ * 
• 
<■■' , 
\ f 
'* ll’ 
,,>*• 
' i f 
• i 
^ f 
; ? v 
I 
' f ' 
■ V : % ! 
VI 
.•/ 
. ! 
I l i f e i 
J Ii 

•ii •» 

 i 
' 
- f'!. 
'■ 
4. 1, 
' 
. ’ ' > v.V 
’\ 1~ 
% ' 
'•VV‘Iv 

4&» ‘ ‘IL 
* .,4h ‘S^ 

Save on rush fiber rugs 

6x9', reg. 75.oo ......................... 59.99 
9x12', reg. 159.oo ................... 124.99 
Save 8.o1 to 34.o1 on popular circle in square' handmade rugs of natural rush fibers. Each intricately braided in the People's Republic of China. All sizes approximate. Rugs, all stores except Las Palmas. Buy now, save! 

SEASONS 
LOWEST PRICE! 

Save on colorful rya rugs 

9 x12', reg. 175.oo .......... 139.oo 
Classic Scandinavian designs, now beautifully interpreted for you by 
Norsk, at low prices! Rich earthy colors are dramatic, in browns, blues or rust. Great as wall hangings. 
Rugs, all stores. Hurry to save! 

SEASONS 
LOWEST PRICE! 

Special Purchase! 
Simmons Sleepers! 

• LIMITED QUANTITIES! • TWIN, FULL OR QUEEN SIZES 

• 7 MOST POPULAR STYLES • 8 DIFFERENT PATTERNS 

Now is the time to purchase that sleeper sofa you've alw ays been wanting! W e've m ade a very special purchase of these famous Simmons sleepers . . . but quantities are limited, so hurry in! Choose contem porary, traditional, colonial or transitional styles to suit your own special decorating needs. Your choice of 
Herculon* olefin, ZepeL treated cottons and more, in stripes, plaids, florals, prints or tweeds. Buy now at these trem endously low prices! Furniture, Downtown, North Star, Austin. 

SEASON S LOWEST PRICE! 
299 
OO 

YOUR CHOICE 

SEASON’S LOWEST PRICE! 
399 
OO 

YOUR CHOICE 

SEASON’S LOWEST PRICE! 
499 
OO 

YOUR CHOICE 

ASK ABOUT 
JOSKE'S CONVENIENT 
MAJOR PURCHASE 
BUDGET PLAN! 

IN STOCK, READY FOR 
IMMEDIATE DELIVERY! 

SHOP ALL STORES 
IO'TIL 9 FRIDAY! 

FREE PARK ING D O W N T O W N IO 'TIL 6 SA T U R D A Y in the jumbo Lot with validated ticket! 

PLANT BEAUTIFUL COLOR N O W 
BY WOLFE NURSERIES 
OPEN EVERYDAY 9 a rn. to>6 p m. MONDAY THRU SATURDAY - SUNDAY IO nm lo 6 p.m. 

Poge 
6-A 

NOTICE! 

Most all soil samples have now been tested. Pick up the results at the Wolfe 
Nursery where you left 

 your soil. Reports can be 

 picked up now. 

BLOOMING 
A R M ST R O N G ’S 
B O N A N Z A DW ARF 
PEACH TREES 
Beautiful decoration 
... bears fruit. The geneticly dwarf tree. 
Tree bears fruit when it's 3 ft. tall 
... now bearing size. 
*8.98 ea. 2 far *17.oo 

BEAUTIFUL PLANTS 

TO MAKE YOUR OWN 

HANGING BASKETS 

Sprengeri fern, Plumose fern, Velvet 
Plants, 
Spider 
Plants, fantasia, 
Variegated fantasia, Green Jew, Pur pie Striped Jew, Mouse tars Jew 
(Baby), White Striped Jew, Bearded 
Jew, lady Boat Jew, Bleeding Heart, 
Dollor Plant and Polka-Dot plonts. 

Y O U R C H O IC E 

69‘ aa. 
3 for *2.oo 

BEAUTIFUL 
HANGING BASKETS 

We have them 
Volues to S5.98 
Choose from: FERNS 
BEGONIAS, 
WANDERING JEW ... YOU NAME IT. WE 
HAVE IT ... CHOICE OF THE HOUSE 
‘3.99 ea. for 7.9o 

SUPER SPECIAL 
FOR THE 
THRIFTY BUYERS 

Choose from: 
GREEN 
UROPE, 

I JAPANESE 
BOXWOOD, 
WAX 
UGUSTRUM, 
MONKEY 
GRASS, 
ASIATIC JASMINE, DWARf BUfORDI 
HOUY, DWARf CHINESE HOUY and 
DWARf YOUPON HOUY. 

7 9 ' „ 1 o r.,‘6 .9 o 

M IX OR MATCH 

GRAPEVINES 
Lorg« vine*, growing in I gallon cont 

 l , , \ . 2 f.r*2.75 

T h o r n p i o n 
S e e d i e s t 
- 
M u s c a t 
- 

C o n c o r d o r N i a g a r a 

PLANT SHADE 
TREES NO W ! 

 a t a 
I O 
S t . t a l l 

 a a . 
J to 7 ft. tall. 

I These are all in perfect condition far now planting. 

| A 
R 
I Z 
O 
N 
A 
A 
S H 
. . . 

. . . a n t r a h e a v y 
9.99 

A 
R 
I Z 
O 
N 
A 
A 
S H 
. . . 

| b a i t e d a n d b u r t a p p e d 
$2.98 ea. 2 for $4.9o 

I M 
I M 
O 
S 
A 
S H 
A 
D 
S 
T R U 
S 
. 6 t i t a l l , 

 g r o w i n g i n 
I g a l . c a n 
*2.98 ea. 

M 
I M 
O 
S 
A 
S H 
A 
D 
S T R S S S . 8 t o 
I O 
H 
. 

I t a l l , g r o w i n g i n 3 g a l c a n 
*6.98 ea. 

N 
O 
N 
- 
R 
S A 
R 
I N 
G 
M 
U 
I M 
R 
R 
V 
, 
S t o 
A 

 t i . t a l l , g r o w i n g i n 
I g a l . c a n 
*2.98 ea. 

| N 
O 
N 
B 
S 
A 
R 
I N 
G 
M 
U 
I R 
! R 
R 
Y 
, 
I O 
H 
. 

 t a l l , g r o w i n g i n 3 g a l . c o n 
*6.98 ea. 

S T 
C 
A 
M 
O 
R 
I S H 
A 
D 
S 
T 
R 
E I , 5 t o 
6 H. 

 t a l l , g r o w i n g i n 
I g a l . c a n 
*2.98 ea. 

S 
Y 
C 
A 
M 
O 
R 
E 
S H 
A 
D 
S 
T R E E . 
I O 
E S . 

 t a l l , g r o w i n g i n 3 g a l . c a n 
*6.98 ea. 

C 
H 
I N 
S S S 
U 
M 
B 
R 
E L L A 
T R E E , 

I V 
V 
* c a l i b e r , g r o w i n g i n 

 c o n 
*6.98 ea. 

S I L V 
E R 
P o e t A 
R 
T R E E , 
4 t 

 t o l l , g r o w i n g m 
I g a l . c a n 
*2.98eo. 

H 
Y 
B 
R 
I D 
L I V 
E 
O 
A 
K 
T 
R 
U 
, 
G r o w i n g 

 i n 3 g a l . c a n 
‘6.98 eg. 
2 tor‘13 OO ea 
LARGER PRICED IN RATIO 

I 
" t o 

3 g a l . 

O H. 

SHRUBS W H ICH ARE 
BLO O M IN G N O W A N D 
ARE EASY TO G R O W 

FlOWftlNG QUINCE, 
. . , 
2 to 3 ft ta ll............. ‘ 1 .9 9 aa. 

ALTHEA (Bosa el Sharon), rad, 

*1 .9 9 „ 

PERSIAN LILAC 
*1 .9 9 ea. 

SPIR!A 
(Bridal Wreath) 
*1.99 aa. 

RED BUD TREES 

The beautiful tree blooming all ever the city now ... S to 6 H. tall, 

 n 
: 
*2.98 
MUCH LARGER, 
Growing in 3 gallon can........ o .7 o BO. 

BO. 

STRAWBERRY 
PLANTS 

INDIVIDUALLY 
POTTED 
2 9 ’ ea 

 plants for ^ I # o o 

LARGE ASSORTMENT 

OF VEGETABLE SEEDS 

AT POPULAR PRICES 

OLEANDERS 

Many in bud or bloom ... Many iring ... growing in I 
Hardy Pink, Salmon gal. cans . and Whita. 
* 1.99 ea. 
5 tor *9.5o 

SMALLER...AII colors 79< ac. 

BLO O M IN G 
AZALEAS 

Many in bloom ... all in bud ... dwarf and tall growing in con­ tainers. 
* I .49 ea. 
3 for *4.25 

LARGER & M O RE 
UNU SU AL VARIETIES 

*2 . 9 9 en. 
2 for *5 . 9 o 

HIBISCUS 
Singles & Doubles 
Red A Pink ... large plants growing in 
I 
$ | Q Q gal. can . . . . 
I . 7 7 ea. 

CALADIUM 
PLANTS 
Very colorful. All colors. 

6 9 ' «, 3 to, ‘ 2 .o o 

HEDGE PLANTS & 
G RO U N D COVERS 

B O X W O O D 

W e l l r o o t e d p l a n t * 
294 ea. IO for *2’° 

JAPANESE LIGUSTRUM 
F a st g ro w in g 
I 9" ea. IO for* 1.75 

ALG ERIA N IV Y 

6 p l o n t * t o t r a y 
«ltt 
I t r a y 

PLANT CONTAINER 
G R O W N FRUIT TREES 
FOR BEST RESULTS 

2 year old, 5 to 6 ft. tall ... grow­ ing in I gol. con ... most all in leaf and bloom. Choose from: PEACH, 
APRICOT, PIAR, PLUM, APPLES I 
NECTARINE 

*3.98 for 7.5o 

SPECIAL CLOSE OUT 

WOLFE RUIZ ST. NURSERY . WOLFE 
UNIVERSAL OTY NURSERY I WOLFE 
SO. FLORES NURSERY ONLY 

FORMERLY $2.98 to $6.98 
SHRUBS AND TREES 
Growing in 3 gallon cons ... all kinds ... odds A ends ... FIRST 
COMI 
FIRST SERVE. . . n A 
WHILE THEY LAST 
I .UU M 
FORMERLY $1.99 lo $2.99 
SHRUBS AND TREES 
Growing in I gallon cans ... odds 

WHILE THEY LAST 
5oC . 

GERANIUMS 

Bright red, etc-, growing rn pats 

6 9 V 3fors2 .o o 

AU COLORS 

PLANT THESE 
GOODIES NOW! 

AM p la n te d in I g allo n c o m . 

 hors! 
RADISH........ 
BLACKBERRY 
Lawton......... 
BOYSENBERRY 
Thornless..... 

9 8 * . 

9 8 * . 

9 8 * . 

9 8 * . 

9 8 * . 

9 8 * . 3 , . * 2 . 5 o 

M IX Oft MATCH 

DEWBERRY 

I RASPBERRY ... 

CITRUS TREES 

J H. lad „ growing rn centeniers 
... 2 yews ald, wetted Cheese tram MEXICAN UMI TANGERINE 
ORANGE, LEMON and GRAPEFRUIT 
*6.99 en 2,., *13.5o 

CARPET GRASS 
SOD 
St Aufait me" $| A n tm 
CARPET GRASS 
I .4 7 yd 
« if. ft. par if. yard j r A A 
4 yards far 
J . U U 
ARTICHOKE 

* 1 . 9 9 

Corge plants. 

FERTILIZE THAT LAWN NOW! 
Your yard naads food now ... feed it only the best. 
GREEN GRO LAWN FOOO 12-6-6 with Iron, SO lb. bag 
$6 9S sack 3 for ‘2o.oo 
GREEN GRO LAWN fOOO With in­ secticide feeds and kills insects at the some time. 
S7.95 sack 3 far *22.5o 
WACCO FERTILIZER IS S S .. ‘7.95 
WACCo ffRTIUZER 1o-1o 5 . *7.9S 
FREE USE OF SPREADER ON YOUR 
PURCHASE 
Of 
GREEN 
GRO 
FiRTIUZER V1GORO FERTILIZER 
SO lb. sack............. *6 91 sack 
GREEN UGHT PECAN FOOD, 25 lh. 
— feeds the trees praaerty, feeds 5-5" caliper trees.‘6 99 sack 
GRUN LIGHT GENERAL PURPOSE 
TOOD, Ideal far garden, etc., 25 lh. sock .............. *5.59 sack 

CALADIUM 

BULBS 

White with green, reds with green, red, pink, I wonderful colors ... LARGE BULBS ... AU COL­ 
ORS. 

2 o * « 
5 . ., 89* 

URGES BU ISS...AU COIORS 

7 9 * w 3 . . , ‘ 2 .o o 

LOOK AT THIS! 

Two kinds al fruit an tree -. PUCH I 
PLUM ar 
NEC- 
I ARINI I PEACH tr*f 

* 6 . 9 8 

SPECIAL GROUP 
SHRUB SALE 

All Regular $1.99 
CHINESE HOUY 
.. ti ic ii na 
I .a Yea 
WAXLEAF LUCIDIUMj. ll Mi 
I - CT BO 

BURFORD! HOUY 

GARDENIAS i,n>w»m ii wa 
JAPANESE YEW r * ir wa.......... 
PYRACANTHA 
Ii WM WI 

1.29 

*1.29«o 

*1.29.o 

*1 .29m 

‘1.29m 

Y O U * CHOICE 

 for 
4 Im *5.oo 

PREPARE THOU VEGETABLE 
GARDENS PROPERLY nortEwe soh n n 
It a wa ............ 
I.V V mil 
BLAM TM O SANO lh Swi ton son awl w, 
New* * 
M A t a * .. 
COW RUMA! fern. MWW 
«mmI hf» M a wa .. 
S w im M A N U S! WHI 
Wtwa M N r n * ......... 

BEDDING PLANTS SALE 
We have solid truck loads of beautiful bedding plants for your shopping pleasure. 
Choose from: 

AGERATUM 
DUSTY MILLER 

Blue Blazer 

ALYSSUM 

Rosie o Doy 
Royal Carpet 
Tiny Tim 

ASTER 

Powder Puff Mixture 

CANDYTUFT 

Iberis Hardy White 

CARNATION 

(hauboud Mixture 
(h'nutwud Red 
(houbaud Pink 

CELOSIA 

Jewel Box, Dwf Mix 
Kardinal, ow< Red 

COLEUS 

Rainbow 
Carefree 
Red Velvet 

DAHLIAS 

Unwins Dwarf Mixture 

DAISIES 

Gerbero Duplex Mix 
Gloriosa 
Alaska 

DIANTHUS. 

Barbels 
Magic Chorms 
Wee Willie 

Cineraria Maritime Diamond 

HOLLYHOCK 

PowderpuHs Dbl Mixture 

LOBIUA 

Crystal Poloce Blue 

MARIGOLDS 

Spaceage 
Apollo 
Moonshot 
Double Eagle 
Doubloon 
Petite Mixture 
Petite Harmony 
Petite Orange 
Petite Yellow 
Sparky 

PANSY 

Steele’s Jumbo Mix 

SINGLE PETUNIAS 

MIXED SHADES. 

Old Glory 
California Giants 
Carnival Deluxe 
Razzle Dazzle 

RED SHADES 

Candy Apple 
Comanche 
El Toro 
Red Cascade 
Red Magic 

WHITE SHADES 

While Cascade 
Whits Moqtc 
Snow dud 

BLUE, PURPLE 4 WINE SHADES 

Black Magic 
Capri 
Burgundy 
Royal Cascade 
Sugar Doddy 

PINK SHADES 

Chiffon Cascade 
Pink Coscnde 
Pink Mogic 

SALMON SHADIS 

Apple Blossom 
Ballerina 
Coral Cascade 

SINGH PETUNIAS 

VARIEGATED SHADES 

Calypso 
Minstrel 
Bingo Improved 

WINE-PURPLE A WHITE 

Statice 

YELLOW SHADES 

Summer Sun 

DBL. PETUNIAS-GRANDIFLORAS 

Boll Mix 
Valentine 
Sonato 
Blue Crown 
Salmon Bouquet 
Circus 

DBL. PITUNIAS-MULTIFIORAS 

Sweet Tarts 
Raspberry Tort 
Apple fart 
Cherry Tart 
Snowberry Tort 
Plum Tort 

PHLOX 

Beauty Mix 

PORTULACA (MOSS ROSI) 

Double Mix 

SALVIA 

Red Pillar 
St. Johns fire 
Violet Flame 
Evening Glow 
White Fire 

SNAPDRAGONS 

Floral Carpt 
Rocket Bronze 
Rocket Pink 
Rocket Red 
Rocket Yellow 

STOCK. 

Bismarck Double Mix 

TORENIA 

Dwarf Dark Blue 

VERBENAS 

Spirit of 76 
Ideal Florist Mix 
Dozzle 
Splendor 

VINCA (PERIWINKLE! 

 little Mix little Pinkie little Bright Eyes 
Semidwarf Mix 

ZINNIAS 

Button Box Mix 
Pink Buttons 
Red Buttons 
Sombrero 

6 to 8 plants per tray 
59* per tray 
3 
$ 1 
7 5 w trays for 
I • # *# 

CALIFORNIA ARMSTRONG 
ROSE BUSHES! 
NEW CRoP...JUST ARRIVED 

PLANT NOW FOR BEST RESULTS 

Planted in one gallon cant, each a select rote, plant now for best results. Guaranteed. Double your money bock if you can find roses of better quality ond better root system. 

* 2 . 1 9 ea. 
3 . . . ’ 6 . 5 o 

‘ 1 2 . 5 o 

RIO. 9*4 
CALIFORNIA PRIVET 

18” to 24” tall 

5 9 *. IO to ‘ 5 .5 o 

WHITE: 

Blanche Mallenn 
Frau Kart Druschki 

YEUOW: 

Eclipse 
Sutter t Gold 
Lowell Thomas 
Golden Masterpiece 

TWO-TONE 

Condesa De Sostogo 
Forty Miner 
Pres Hoover 
Peoce 

RED: 

Charlotte Armstrong 
Chrysler Imperial 
Crimson Glory 
Sportan 
Carrousel 
Mirondy 

PINK. 

Helen Troubel 
Tiffany 
Show Girl 

 w for 
M IX OR MATCH 
Cfioose From: 

Queen Elizabeth 
First love 

LOW GROWING: 

Circus Two Tone 
Choffer red 
Margo Hostel orange florodoro 
China Doll 
Valentine 

ORANGE. 

Moiave 
Montezuma 

LAVENDER: 
Blue Girl 
Sterling Silver 

CUMBERS: 

Cl Charlotte Armstrong red 
Cl Crimson Glory red 
Cl High Noon Yellow 
(I Sutter s Gold yellow 
Cl White Dawn 
Cl Chrysler Imperial red 
Cl Queen Elizabeth pink 
(I Blaze 
Peoce 

BEARING SIZE 

FRUIT TREES 
Balled and burlapped • most in bloom. 
PEACH TREES 
Balled and burlapped. Best varieites. 

‘ 7 . 9 8 „ 2 „ , ’ 1 5 . o o 

PEAR TREES 
Balled ond burlapped. Best varieties. 

* 7 . 9 8 „ 2 . . , * 1 5 . o o 

PLUM TREES 
Balled and burlapped, Best varieties. 

* 7 . 9 8 
1 5 . o o 

PLANT YOUR VEGETABLE 

GARDEN N O W ! 

Now it tho tinw to plant your vegetable garden. 
Tho exports oil agre# that tho early part of March it th* perfect planting time for vegetables. Better 
Yields. Better ond bushier plonts. 
PLANT YOUR GARDEN VEGETABLES NOW. WE HAVE A 
LARGE ASSORTMENT Of VEGETABLE PUNTS NOW TO 
CHOOSE FROM: 

TOMATO PLANTS 

These ore large plants ... 6 to I plants to a tray ... 
Choose from: Early Girl, Beefmastor, Better Boy, 
Big Boy, Bonus, Horatou, Marglobe, Super fan­ tastic, Sun Ripe ond Rutger 

5 9 * . , „y 
3 
* 1 . 7 5 

Look et these beauties growing in a pork ... 6 to B plants to pock ... Choose from: BROCCOLI • Green 
Comet, BRUSSELL SPROUTS - Jade Cross, CABBAGE - 
Emerald Cross I Golden Cross, CAULIFLOWERS - 
Snow Ball... 6 plants to tray. 

5 9 \ , „ y 
3 t , a y , I . , * 1 . 7 5 
MIX OR MATCH 

TOMATO PLANTS ... Individually potted, 
12 v a rie tie s.............. 
124 ta . 9 for 994 
PEPPER PUNTS ... individually potted. Choel* from: LONG YEUOW SWEET, BEU BOY, CALIFORNIA 
WONDER, GOLO SPIKE, 
JALAP!NO ond 
LONG REO CAYENNE 
124 ea. 9 for 994 
E G G P L A N T S..................124 ea. 9 for 994 
C U C U M B ER ................... 124 ea. 9 for 994 
S Q U A S H ....................... 124 ea. 9 for 994 
C A N TA LO U PE................124 ea. 9 for 994 
O K R A ........................... 124 ea. 9 for 994 
W ATERMELON................124 ea. 9 for 994 
BROCCO LI......................124 ea. 9 for 994 

SWEET C O R N ..................124 ea. 9 for 994 
BRUSSEL SPRO U TS 
124 ea. 9 for 994 
C A B B A G E ......................124 ea. 9 for 994 
COLLARDS......................124 ea. 9 for 994 
ASPARATUS R O O T S... W ash in gton , Large r o o t s .......................... 394 ea. 3 for ‘I ’* 
RHUBARB ROOTS, Giant Victoria . 794 „ 

BERM UDA ONION 

PLANTS.................................. 984 bunch 

CLOSING OUT 
PECAN TREES 
CHOICE Of HOUSE...WHILE THEY LAST 
REG. $6.99 to $19.99 PECAN TREES 
3 ft. to 7 ft. tall, oil grafted. Choose from best varieties, 2 yrs. to 4 yrs. old. 
WHILE THEY LAST ...... ‘3.5o .ach 

REG. $22.99 to $34.99 PECAN TREES 
8 ft. to 12 ft. tall, 4 I S yrs old . . . all grafted. Choose from best varieities. 
WHILE THEY LAST 
*7.5o .ach 

CAMELLIA 
PLANTS 
Mott oN colon, growing in tentnmort 

8 o * . . , UMH 4 
(Clip ond bung this coupon) 
Vert In, to Se* enXOenl 

RIO. 694 
ELEPHANT 
EAR BULBS 
YlkJMLJB Monk kiw 
. 
* 
EMpWFB" 

3 8 *•«. LIMIT 4 
(Clip end bring this coupon) 
(Seer in lr w mo Hm i 

P. .• p . P. P . P. P bn I v • • * * 
• 

* 1 . 4 9 . a 

* 1 . 8 9 MWO 

* 1 . 8 9 mo 

* 1 . 8 9 mw 

WOLFE 
NURSERIES! 

1 . I S o 7 R U I Z 2 . 7 o o 7 S A N R K D R O A V E . 

2 . 3 7 o o B R O A D W A Y 4 . 6 7 1 4 S O . F L O R I S 

5 . I 1 3 4 R A T R O O K S R R D . U N I V K R S A L C IT Y 

6 . R 8 o 2 P E R R I N - R E I T IL 

SAN ANTO NIO EXPRESS— Fridoy Morch I I 
1 

 iii liiw B iim iii 
1 
H 
8 
S 
I 

The warm spring-like weather that has hit Texas the past few days brought out the surfers at 
Galveston. Still, ifs a little chilly on the water, so these two brave souls decided to wear wet-suits to protect them from the Gulf winds. — AP Wirephoto 
Texas first: Instant replay for the court 

BRO W N SV ILLE (A P ) 
• 
Instant replay, for years a fixture on televised sports events, made its debut in a Texas crim inal court here 
Thursday during a capi­ tal murder trial. 
When jurors asked to review the testimony of four witnesses, 197th 
State 
D istrict 
Court 
Judge D arrell ll ester asked them to turn on their TV set iii the jury room. 
With the prosecuting and defense lawyers watching. Hester flipped a switch in his chambers and the $28,o1)o system began replaying the requested testimony. 
A first 
“ I believe that's the first time it’s ever been done in a criminal court in the state.” noted Hes­ ter. “ This is a trial pro­ gram funded by the 
Crim inal Ju stice Div i- sioti of the Office of the governor. We have a pilot program here, testing it for the rest of the state.” 

Norm ally, the jury would have listened to a court reporter read the testimony transcript. 

“ I feel the court reporter could have done the same job easier.” said Cameron County 
.Assistant District Attor­ ney Joe K. Hendley who is representing the state in the capital murder trial of Benny Charles 
Germany. 3(1, of Dallas. 
“ The machine has t warm up and you’ve got 

 to be very careful to play back the exact testimony requested.” 

Germany is on trial in connection with the rob­ 

 bery and strangulation murder of a 6o-year-old 
Harlingen carnival con­ cessionaire. 
Russell 
Jam es Frye. Another man. Richard Lee Den­ 

 ney, 46, of Aransas Pass, was convicted and sen­ tenced to the electric chair on Nov. 8 for his part in the March IU, 
1976, slaying. 
Calif ano urged to take welfare from state hands 

W A SH IN G TO N (A P ) local officials urged the 
— W elfare recipients, 
Carter adm inistration administrators, state and 
Thursday to take welfare 
Castillo leaves no doubt on job 

HOUSTON (A P ) — City controller Leonel Castillo left no doubt Thursday he is preparing to become head of the U.S. Immigration and Naturalization 
Service. 
Castillo did not announce his appointment and acceptance but said Atty. Gen. Griffin Bell advised him to “ sit tight” and limit his public statements during an F B I background investigation and senate confirmation proceedings. 
Castillo, a former Sun Antonian, is to speak at the 
Democratic Women of Bexar County’s reception-in- staliation at 7.3o p.m. Saturday at San zXntonio’s 
Gunter Hotel. 
Castillo also is State Democratic Executive Com­ mittee chairman. 
Castillo conferred Tuesday and Wednesday in 
Washington with Bell and with congressional leaders who handle immigration matters. 
If appointed and confirmed, Castillo. 37, would become the first Hispanic to head the Ju stice 
Department agency. 
Castillo said he has mixed emotions about leaving 
Houston. He said he is proud of several programs he initiated here hut is looking forward to the W a­ shington position. 
As city controller. Castillo receives $14,8oo a year. 
As head of the Im m igration Service he would receive $5o,ooo 

 financing out of the hands of the states. 
Their views were pre­ sented at an all-day public hearing before 
Health, Education and 
W elfare Secretary J o ­ seph A. Califano Jr.. who is under presidential orders to come up with a plan by May I for over­ hauling the nation’s wel­ fare programs. 

Califano. while not committing himself to any course, indicated by his questions that he is interested in a uniform national system hut con­ cerned about the billions of additional tax dollars it would cost. 

Gov. Milton J. Shapp of 
Pennsylvania arid 
Hyman Frankel, a New 
York City official, sug­ gested the federal government take over 75* per cent of the funding. for Aid to Families with 
Dependent Children and 
Medicaid. The govern-! ment now supports those programs based on a formula that gives 5o per cent to the wealthiest states and up to 83 per cent to the poorest. 

Save 94o on the one Toro that does three jobs. 

(jrUMHitikifr * rot.iry mower by Turn," wM propelled model 

Art now and save $4o on any Grass master, enyi 
Fleered by Toro for complete Spring through Fall lawn rare It bays grass It mulches It vacuums up leaves. 

Easy bagging. Toro mounted the reinforced 
2 ‘ 4 bushel bag in the rear instead of on the side 
You can maneuver handily along edges, in and out of tight spots without snagging on shrubs or fences 

Converts to Muddier. Just pull a handle to mulch your lawn into finely chopped clippings, which recycle to provide valuable nutrients 

Manuiduluit'i I vi pj, 
I via 11 [A e 

O 
H 
* ! ' J I x x i u n i t y w 
M x p a r t i a l i d t U k j i r a t e r » i i h a h d o r y ot pfoniibiunial ntodutylaMs. 

Prices after 
April 3o 2 9 9 *** 

Now only: 259 ' ' 

Vacuums up leaves. Powerful Wind-Tun ne housing vacuums up dry leaves to eliminate rd mg, then chops them up to reduce bulk, savi you on leaf bays 

Save $4o. Now, for a limited time only, you c buy any Gnas&master at $4o off the regular pru 
Three Grassmusfer models available, promote ally priced as low as $179.o5 for hand pu model until Apnl 3o 

See them now at your fiartici|iatiny Toro dea listed below and save $4o 

Haven’t you done without a Toro long enough? l i m o 

SAN ANTONIO EXPRESS— 
Friday March I I 1977 
Page ’ 7-A 
Sears 

 i 

Dow ntow n Plaza Store Basem ent 
228-428o 

Selections include flo o r sa m p le s, n e w , used d e m o n stra to rs, d a m a g e d a n d discontinued item s. N o p h o n e orders. All subject to prior sale, w h ile th e y last 
FURNITURE 
Stock No. 
Item 
Quan. 
W a s 
N ow 

5 l l 32 "Centurion" tan vinyl c h a ir ............................. I 2 9 9 .9 5 179.oo 

SAVE *1 OO 
Spanish-style D em i So fa 
Brown Vinyl 
*129 

No. 69192 
I to Sell 
Regular $229.95 

149 9 5 
79.oo 
691 9 3 Spanish brown vinyl c h a ir ....................... 
I 
5o61 2 Brown vinyl button tufted demi sofa w /heavy rolled arms and b a c k .......... 2 
3 4 9 .9 5 169.oo 
5 1 9 o 2 Brown vinyl ottoman . . 
I 
8 9 .9 5 34.oo 

4 5 1 o 2 Modern arm chair w /brass cap on arms, Herculon cover . 
I 
1 4 9 .9 5 
59.oo 
28-29171 7-piece dinette w ! 6 clear molded plastic chairs and 4 o " x 5 4 ” oval glass top table, set. . . 
I 
4 8 9 .7 o 239.oo 
2 3 3 6 3 Traditional walnut dining room table, 4 2 x 7 2 " . 
I 1 5 9 .9 5 
2 5 5 5 5 4 8 x 7 2 " maple dining room ta b le ............... 
I 
I 5 9 .9 5 
2 4 2 6 5 Dining room arm chair w / beige tweed cushion........... 
I 
5 o .o o 
2 3 5 4 7 Spanish side chair, gold s e a t ................. 2 
5 o .o o 
2 3 2 6 4 Dining room chair w/gold s e a t ............. 
I 
5 o .o o 
6 4 6 
Hex commode, walnut w /brass decorator p u lls 
4 
1 1 9 .9 5 
2 5 3 9 8 4 8 " walnut buffet w/silverware drawer, 2 linen drawers, 2 panel doors on bottom . . . . 
I 1 9 9 .9 5 
I 3 7 9 7 4 8 " hutch top, 
2 s h e lv e s................. 
I 
8 4 .9 5 
7 7 7 7 
Hi back black vinyl executive swivel chair............... 
I 
1 2 9 .9 5 
1 6 3 5 4 Gold velvet swivel rocker w/T c u sh io n ............. 
I 
19 9 .9 5 
6 7 8 1 2 Bookcase bunk bed, ends o n ly ................. 
I l l 9 .9 5 

79.oo 

49.oo 

25.oo 

25.oo 

39.oo 

39.oo 

99.oo 

49.oo 

49.oo 

99.oo 

49.oo 

SAVE MOO 
Traditional V e lv e t Chair 

• Charcoal 
• T-Cushion 
Regular $199.95 
‘99 
I to sell 

5 4 4 9 5 “Centurion" he man size tan vinyl recliner............. 
I 
2 9 9 .9 5 229.oo 

SAVE *5o 
Square C o m m o d e 
2 -door, dark walnut finish 
3 to sell 
S O A 
Regular $89.95 
W 
W 

76-79117 Queen size 6-in. polyurethane mattress and foundation c o m b o ................... 
I 
1 9 9 .9 o 
99.oo 
71-72817 Queen size 857-coil innerspring mattress and foundation c o m b o ................... 
I 
3 2 9 .9 o 159.oo 
76-79847 Queen size 6-m. foam mattress and foundation c o m b o ................... 
I 
3 3 9 .9 o 179.oo 
76-79587 Queen size 7-in. Imperial foam mattress and foundation c o m b o ................... 
I 
4 5 9 .9 5 199.oo 
7 2 8 1 5 3 9 x 8 o " box springs . 
2 
6 o 88 
39.oo 

SAVE *5o 
5-in. Polyurethane M a ttre ss 

• Full size 
Regular $ 8 9 .9 5 

Stock No. 7 6 5 1 4 , 22 TO S E H 
O 
W 

71 -72172 Twin size Sears-o-pedic innerspring combo , . . 
I 
2 1 9 .9 o 
99.oo 
7 1 1 9 2 Twin size 9 o o coil ' Supreme 
Sears o pedic m attress................. 
I 
129 9 5 
69.oo 
71 72812 Twin innerspring combination 
I 
2 2 9 9 o 
I 19.oo 
8 1 3 1 6 Twin innerspring m attress................... 
I 
4 9 9 5 
19.oo 
7 2 8 1 2 Twin foundation . . 
I 
5 9 .9 5 
19.oo 
7172ooo Twin innerspring com bination............. 
I 
I 19 9 o 
49.oo 

7 9 5 o 2 Twin box springs . . . . 
I 
5 9 9 5 
29.88 

FREEZERS 

1644 
18 2 cu. ft. chest 
2 
3 6 9 .9 5 
329.oo 

2 6 o 6 6 o cu. ft walnut finish compact, upright . . . . 
I 
199 95 
169.oo 

AIR CONDITIONERS 

Stock No. 
Item 
Quan. 
W a s 
N ow 
7 6 o 8 9 9 ,o o o BTUH unit, 2 speed fan, Hi-efficiency, autom atic................. 
I 
2 9 9 .9 5 189.oo 
7 6 o 5 5 5 ,o o o BTUH, 2 speed, 
I 15 volt................... 
I 
1 9 9 .9 5 129.oo 
7 4 o 9 8 9 ,o o o BTUH, 2 speed fan, 
4-way directional control..................... 
I 
2 9 9 .9 5 229.oo 
7 4 o 5 8 5 ,o o o BTUH, 3 speed control, air e xh a u st................ 
I 
1 9 9 .9 5 149.oo 
74 o 8 1 8 ,o o o BTUH unit, 
I 15 volt..................... 
I 
2 2 9 .9 5 159.oo 
7 6 o 6 9 6 ,o o o BTUH unit, 3 speed with air exhaust 
I 
2 4 9 .9 5 179.oo 
7 6 o 5 8 5 ,o o o BTUH, 3 speed fan, 
Power S a v e r ............. 
I 
1 9 9 .o o 149.oo 
7 6 o 4 3 4 ,o o o BTUH, 2 speed fan, therm ostat.................I 
1 6 9 .o o 
99.oo 
REFRIGERATORS 
6 7 9 3 6 19.o' top freezer w/icemaker, g o ld ........................... 
I 
5 6 9 .9 5 5o9.oo 
6 7 9 3 1 19.o’ top freezer w/icem aker w hite......................... 
I 
5 5 9 .9 5 499.oo 
6 6 o 6 1 22.o side-by-side w/icemaker, cold water tap, white . . . . 
I 
7 7 9 .9 5 659.oo 

6 6 9 1 6 19.o top freezer frostless, g o ld .......... 
I 
4 6 9 .9 5 399.oo 
6 6 7 7 1 17.o’ top freezer white, fro stle ss 
I 
4 5 9 .9 5 399.oo 
6 6 9 5 6 2 2 .o ’ top freezer, w/icem aker g o ld ........................... 
I 
6 5 9 .9 5 529.oo 
6 6 1 6 1 2 2 .o ’ side-by-side frostless w h ite ......................... 
I 
6 2 9 .9 5 499.oo 
6 7 7 2 6 17.o' top freezer, frostless g o ld ........................... 
I 
4 7 9 .9 5 4o9.oo 
6 5 9 5 2 2 2 .o' top freezer, w/icem aker coppertone................. 
I 
6 5 9 .9 5 529.oo 
6 6 o 6 1 2 2 .o ’ side-by-side, w/icem aker cold water tap, white . 
I 
7 6 9 .9 5 599.oo 
6571 I 17.o* top freezer, frostless w h ite ......................... 
I 
3 9 9 .9 5 379.oo 

RANGES 
Stock No. 
Item 
Quan. 
W a s 
N ow 
7 4 5 6 1 3 6 " with center grill, continuous cleaning oven, white . 
I 
3 9 9 .9 5 349.oo 
72761 3 o " continuous clean oven, with 
Visi-bake door, white . 
I 
3 9 9 .9 5 299.oo 
98 6 6 1 3 o " electric classic, continuous cleaning oven, white . 
I 
6 o 9 .9 5 439.oo 
7 2 4 6 2 3 o " gas with continuous cleaning oven, Coppertone . . . 
I 
3 4 9 .9 5 229.oo 
9 2 3 6 1 3 o " electric continuous clean, w h ite......................... 
I 
3 4 9 .9 5 249.oo 

SAVE *2oo 
Continuous C le an in g O v e n 
36-in. G as Range 
WHITE, W ith Grill 
Regular $399.95 
$ lf A 
Q 
Model No. 74551, I O N LY 
I 
W 
W 

SAVE *1 8o 
19.o «u. ft. sid e -b y -sid e with icem aker and cold w ater tap 

No. 66o51 white 
Regular $679.95 
*499 

6 7 o 5 6 19.o' side-by-side, w/icemaker cold water tap, gold. . 
I 
6 8 9 .9 5 549.oo 
6 3 o 2 1 19.o' side by-side, frostless, white (dam age on side) I 
4 7 9 .9 5 319.oo 
6 7 1 4 2 19.o' side-by-side, frostless coppertone............. 
I 
5 5 9 .9 5 444.oo 
6 5 9 5 4 2 2 .o ' top freezer, w/icemaker a vo c a d o ................. 2 
6 5 9 .9 5 499.oo 
6 7 o 6 4 2 2 .o ' side-by-side, w/icem aker cold water tap, avo cad o ................. 
I 
7 7 9 .9 5 599.oo 
6 6 1 4 6 19.o' side by-side, frostless g o ld ....................... 
I 
5 5 9 .9 5 479.oo 

9 7 6 6 6 Classic double oven 3 o " electric r a n g e ........... 2 
7 8 6 6 6 3 o " classic double oven g a s ......................... 
I 
7 8 6 6 4 3 o " classic double oven gas, g o l d ................. 2 
9 8 6 6 1 3 o " classic double oven, white 
................. 2 

9 8 6 6 4 3 o " classic double oven electric, avocado . . . . 
I 
9 7 4 4 1 3 o " classic double oven, w hite.............. ;. . 
I 
7 8 4 6 1 3 o " classic double oven gas, white................. 
I 

9 3 6 6 1 3 o " electric, automatic, w hite....................... 
I 
9 2 3 6 6 3 o " electric, auto timer, continuous cleaning oven, G o ld ................ 
I 
7 2 4 6 2 3 o " gas with continuous cleaning oven, clock-timer, 
Coppertone................ 
I 
3 2 9 .9 5 229.oo 
9 2 8 6 1 3 o " Ceramic top electric, con­ tinuous cleaning oven, a u t o ................ 
I 
3 9 9 .9 5 299.oo 
91 3 7 1 3 o " electric with timer and 
Visi Bake door, White 
I 
2 9 9 .9 5 249.oo 
7 2761 3 o " Sears Best, gas, w h ite ......................... 
I 
3 9 9 .9 5 3o4.oo 
6 2 6 6 4 3 o " electric, Avocado 
I 
2 9 9 .9 5 
229.oo 

SAVE $6o 
Microwave Oven 
M odel 99o51 
I ONLY TO SELL! 
S i O f t 
Regular $199.95 
I 
W 

5 9 9 .9 5 469.oo 

6 o 9 9 5 499.oo 

6 o 9 .9 5 449.oo 

6 o 9 .9 5 449.oo 

5 9 9 .9 5 499.oo 

5 1 9 9 5 329.oo 

5 1 9 .9 5 439.oo 

4 4 9 9 5 329.oo 

3 4 9 9 5 299.oo 

M IC R O W A V E O VEN S 
9 9 6 5 1 Microwave oven . . . . 
I 
9 9 o 6 1 Microwave oven . . . . 
I 
9 9 1 6 1 Microwave oven . . . . 
I 
99 5 7 1 Microwave oven . . . . 
I 

4 6 9 9 5 349.oo 
199 9 5 139.oo 
3 1 9 9 5 229.oo 
3 6 9 9 5 269.oo 

FLOOR CO VERIN G — CARPETING— RUGS 
“In our Rem nant Room behind the Carpet Departm ent” 
PLUSH 
M ost fully bound 
Stock No. 
Item 
Quan. 
W a s 
N ow 
7 4 2 2 
I 2x9 9 " Burgandy a c ry lic ..................... 
I 
2 o 7 .7 6 
99.88 
7 o 9 9 9 
I 2 x1 o 9 " Red acrylic 
I 
2 3 8 .1 4 
1o9.88 
7 1 5 2 
1 2 x1 4 ' Beige polyester I 
1 7 9 .9 9 
87.88 
7 8 5 2 
12x13 6 " Red p o ly e ste r................. 
I 
2 3 1 .8 8 
I 15.88 
7 1 5 2 
1 2 x1 2 ‘5 " A v o c a d o . . 
I 
1 5 9 .9 9 
77.88 
7 4 2 2 
I 2 x 1 o ' Royal blue. . . 
I 
2 1 o .o o 
1o4.88 
7 7 9 2 
I 2x 13 ’3 " Powder blue I 
2 4 6 .o o 
122.88 
FO AM BACKED 
91o1 
12 x IO 6 " Green/ 
G o l d ....................... 
I 
1 5 9 .9 9 
79.88 
5o21 
12x9' Solid G old . . . 
I 
9 1 .7 6 
45.88 
9931 
I 2 x 9 ' Rust Spanish tile 
I 
I 15.99 
57.88 
9821 
1 2 x 1 o ' G o l d ........... 
I 
146 88 
73.88 
9 1o1 
12x1 o 6 " Red Black 
I 
1 5 3 .o o 
76.88 
Spec. 
I 2x9 Brown/Black . . 
2 
3 9 .9 9 
19.88 
9931 
I 2x9 6 " Rust/Green 
I 
I 19.99 
59.88 
9551 
12x7 6 " Blue/Black . 
I 
I 1 o .oo 
49.88 
9931 
12x1 I 1o 
Brown. . . 
I 
149 9 9 
74.88 
91o1 
12x13 7 " Rust Brown 
I 
2 o 9 .9 9 
1o2.88 
9821 
I 2x9 G o l d ............. 
I 
1 3 9 .9 9 
69.88 
9441 
1 2 x 1 2 7 " Brown/ 
B la c k ....................... 
I 
1 5 9 .9 9 
69.88 
9961 
12x15 8 
Green/ 
G o l d ....................... 
I 
1 5 8 .9 9 
76.88 
99o1 
12 x1 2 ' MultiColor. . . 
I 
189 9 9 
89.88 
9821 
1 2 x1 9 ' A v o c a d o . . . . 
I 
2 7 9 7 6 
139.88 
91o1 
I 2x1 2 ' I O " Green. . . 
I 
1 9 8 .o o 
96.88 
9821 
12x19 2 
Blue/Silver 
I 
2 8 3 .9 9 
139.88 
M IN I- REMNANTS, All fully bound 
Spec 
3 x1 2 9 ‘ Red 
.......... 
I 
6 3 .o o 
19.88 
Spec. 
I 2x3 2 
G re e n ........ 
I 
63 OO 
19.88 
Spec. 
I 2 x 3 ’ I " G re e n ........ 
I 
5 3 9 6 
17.88 
Spec. 
I 2 x2 ' G re e n............ 
I 
2 5 .7 6 
9.88 
Spec. 
I 2 x 2 ’ G re e n............ 
I 
3 9 .7 6 
14.88 
Spec. 
IO 4 x3 9 " A q ua. . . 
I 
6 9 .5 6 
24.88 

SHAG, M ost fully bound 
Stock No. 
Item 
Quan. 
W a s 
N ow 
7 7 o 2 
12x9 5 " Short shag, peach. ...................... 
I 
1 9 3 .8 8 
89.88 
7 o 9 9 9 
12x9' Brow n/G old . . 
I 
1 3 9 .9 9 
69.88 
7 2 2 2 
I 2x7 6 " R u s t ........... 
I 
I I 8 OO 
58.88 
7 4 7 2 
12x1 1 9 " Beige Hi lo 
I 
1 9 9 .9 9 
99.88 
7 3 3 2 
12x13 6 " G old tweed 
I 
199 9 9 
99.88 
9 9 9 1 
I 2 x l o '6 " Rust.......... 
I 
15 9 .9 9 
76.88 
7 4 7 2 
1 2 x1 2 ' Brown Hi-Lo. . 
I 
2 o 5 .o o 
1o1.88 
9 991 
I 2x 14 Rust/Gold. . . 
I 
1 7 o .o o 
83.88 
7 4 7 2 
I 2x I 1 8 " Green H i-lo 
I 
1 9 9 .9 9 
99.88 
7 8 3 2 
12x1 I '8 " Rust Hi lo 
I 
1 8 9 .9 9 
85.88 
7 7 o 2 
12x16 Beige splush . 
I 
3 1 9 .9 9 
157.88 
7 2 6 2 
1 2 x1 2 ' O range twist 
I 
15o OO 
74.88 
7 4 5 2 
12x14 3 " Pink splush 
I 
2 6 o OO 
129.88 
7 4 8 2 
I 2x I I Rust twist . . . 
I 
195 OO 
94.88 
7 3 o 2 
1 2 x1 9 ' R e d .......... 
I 
1 o 1 .o 7 
49.88 

DECORATOR RUGS 
5581 
4 x 6 ' M arrasheen. . . 
I o 
4 9 9 9 
24.88 
5 2 4 2 
6 x 9 ' Rya Unique . . . . 
5 
1 2 9 .9 9 
64.88 
4 o 8 5 3 6 x9 Blue braided . . . 
I 
5 7 9 9 
28.88 
4 2 4 8 
6 x 9 ’ Brown braided. . 
I 
6 9 .9 9 
34.88 
5 5 8 3 
9x1 2 ' Green Seven 
C o n tin e n ts............... 
I 
2 9 9 .9 9 
149.88 
5 5 8 2 
6 x 9 ' Seven Continents 
4 
169 9 9 
84.88 
5581 
4 x 6 ’ Seven Continents 
6 
7 9 9 9 
39.88 
5 5 8 2 
6 x9 Blue M arrasheen 
I 
9 9 .9 9 
49.88 
4 o 8 5 4 9 x 1 2 ’ Blue/Red b r a id e d ................... 
I 
8 9 .9 9 
44.88 
5 4 o 2 
6 x 9 ' Blue wool 
D y n a sty ............... 
. 
I 
1 7 9 .9 9 
89.88 
5 2 5 5 
6 x 9 ' White Folk Kati . 
I 
5 9 9 9 
29.88 
4 o 3 o 6 6 x9 Vinyl braid . . . . 
6 
4 9 .9 9 
14.88 

SCULPTURED, M ost fully bound 

Carpet Samples 
I 5o to sell 
2 *3 " k4 ’ 
* 
W ere $4.99 to $24.99 
A 
4 8 

9 2 5 5 
I 5x 1 o '8 " Sears Best, g o ld ......................... 
I 
2 9 o .o o 
134.88 
8 7 7 5 
1 5 x1 o ' G o ld / Green . 
I 
127 7 6 
63.88 
9 2 5 5 
I 5 x 9 ' Sears Best, green ........................ 
I 
2 5 7 7 6 
119.88 
9 2 5 2 
I 2x 19 '5 " Sears Best, a vo c a d o . ................. 
I 
4 1 6 .oo 
168.88 
8 3 5 2 
I 2x I O ’ 3 " Celery . . . 
I 
195 7 6 
97.88 
8 3 5 2 
12x12 7 " Brow n____ 
I 
2 1 6 .o o 
1o7.88 
9 2 5 2 
1 2 x 1 2 1 " G o l d ____ 
I 
2 5 6 OO 
123.88 

TELEVISION 
Stock No. 
Item 
Q uon. 
W a s 
N o w 
4 2 o o 
1 9 " portable color TV, solid state, I -button color. . 
2 
4 2 9 .9 5 329.oo 
4 1 9 4 
1 9 " portable color TV, 
I button co lo r............ 3 
4 5 9 .9 5 329.oo 
4 o 2 3 
1 5 " portable color TV, solid state................... 
I 
2 7 9 .9 5 199.oo 
4 2 1 5 
1 9 " portable color TV, touch tune, I button. . 
I 
4 8 9 .9 5 359.oo 
4 1 7 4 
1 9 " portable color w /U H F 
A F C ........................... 
I 
3 9 9 .9 5 299.oo 

4 4 5 o 
2 5 " console color, contemporary sty lin g ....................... 
I 
6 6 9 .9 5 31 9.oo 
4 4 5 o 
2 5 " console color, contemporary sty lin g ....................... 
I • 6 6 9 .9 5 349.oo 
4 3 3 2 1 2 5 " console color, modern sty lin g ....................... 
I 
5 o 9 .9 5 329.oo 
4 4 7 9 1 2 5 " console color, solid state, 
I button c o lo r............ 
I 
6 6 9 .9 5 49 9.oo 
4 3 7 5 
2 5 " color w/ I button color, solid state.................. 
I 
6 6 9 .9 5 44 9.oo 

SAVE *23o 
25-in. C onsole C o lo r TV 
* I Button Color 
• I 2 Channel Touch Tuning 

N o ’ 4 4 8 1 1 t - 
I TO SELL 
S 
C 
Q 
Q 
Regular $829.95 v 
Jw jr 

4 4 8 2 
2 5 " Console color TV, solid state, I button color . I 
6 6 9 .9 5 
599.oo 
4 45o1 2 5 ' Console color TV, solid state 
AFC, Contemporary . . I 
5 2 9 .9 5 
44 9 .o o 
44 7 4 1 2 5 " Console color TV, solid state, I button color . I 
6 3 9 .9 5 
549.oo 
44751 2 5 " Console color TV, solid state, I button color . I 
5 6 9 .9 5 
499.oo 

SAVE *1 5o/ O p e n H earth 
25-in. Console C olor TV 

I Button Color 
Model No. 4432, 2 O NLY 

Regular $749.95 
$599 

(all TV picture tubes m easured overall d iago nal) 
STEREO & SOUND 

9 1 4 6 2 AM -FM stereo 8-track system ..................... 2 
2 o 9 .9 5 149.oo 
9 1 7 3 2 A M -FM stereo 8-track player-recorder 
2 
2 2 9 .9 5 149.oo 
9 1 7 4 2 A M -FM stereo 8-track player-recorder 
I 
2 9 9 .9 5 199.oo 

Console Stereos, Y o u r Choice 
Spanish or Contem porary 
W ere $269.95 
4* to $329.95 
^ 
2 to sell 
179 

WASHERS 

2 6 9 1 6 5-cycle Kenmore gold w/ self cleaning filte r........... 
I 
3 4 9 .9 5 

2 6 9 3 6 large capacity, lad y 
Kenm ore................... 
I 
4 o 9 .9 5 

261o1 

3o9.oo 

32 9.oo 

 large capacity 
I 
2 3 9 .o o 
199.oo 
DRYERS 
6 6 9 3 1 lady Kenmore electric w /s e n s o r................. 
I 
3 2 9 .9 5 239.oo 
6 6 7 o 4 Electric w /2 fabric selectors, avocado, gold, copper 
I 
2 4 9 9 5 219.oo 
66 9 o 1 
Electric w / 4 selectors 
I 
2 6 9 .9 5 229.oo 
6671 I Electric w /2 temperatures and 
Wrinkle g u a rd 
I 
2 2 9 9 5 199.oo 
7 6 7 3 6 large capacity, gas, G o ld ................. 
I 
2 6 9 .9 5 189.oo 
6 6 7 5 1 Kenmore electric, 
3 cycle 
I 
2 1 9 9 5 179.oo 
6 6 7 3 6 large capacity, electric..................... 2 
2 2 9 9 5 189.95 
6 6 7 o 6 large capacity, electric with 
Wrinkle G u a r d 
I 
2 4 9 .9 5 179.oo 
6 691 I Electric, 3 cycle, w s e n s o r.................. 
I 
2 6 9 .9 5 219.oo 

6 6 7 5 4 All-fabric automatic a vo c a d o ..................... 
I 
2 3 9 .o o 189.oo 
6 6 7 o 2 All-fabric automatic, electric....................... 
2 
2 4 9 .9 5 2 1 9 . o o 
6 6 1 5 1 Electric 
.......... 
I 
1 3 9 .9 5 1 1 9 . o o 

DISHWASHERS 
7 6 o 7 6 Portable w /8 selector and power miser . . . . 
7 6 o 6 6 Portable w /8 selector and power miser . . . . 

3 6 9 .o o 279.oo 

3 3 4 9 5 259.oo 
DOW NTOW N PLAZA STORE BASEMENT 

SAN ANTONIO EXPRESS— Friday March l l 1977 
MEAN 
N GREEN 

NOW YOU 

GREIN 

• • •FORE 

A BEAUTIFUL AND HEALTHY 

UT WORK OR WORRY 

OUR LIQUID L A W N FERTILIZER will preside your fawn with oil cr 

 if rt*#d$ for a healthy green color and a deep, 

MOUND L A W N FERTILIZER wiH be applied to /our lawn 

 our professional* Jjh jl specialists f v j' ambe rig^ht Hme and |ft quantities, 

NX. 
__ 
, 
. s < 
. • v- 
' 
A/. 
J. 
' n 
‘ 
. 
•• 

O U R LIQUID L A W N FERTILIZER costs os tittie as $1 9.5o for an average size lawn . >. your J f c d s f ‘ based5 
|your lawn. 

.. . 
>. 
Increase the beauty of your Lawn and the Value a f your Home 
FREE ESTIMATES AYAIMIftLE NOW 
(N O OBLIGATION - 
N O 'C O N FA C T f$ Q U $ £ o ) 
ACT NOW AND CAU. TODAY 

 t p k y 
- 
' , «?♦ 
497- 

Call Anytime Mon. thru Sat. 7 A.M. to 8:3o P M. 
(5% DISCOUNT WITH THIS ADVERTISEMENT) 
TbtasCreerilurf 
UMiCve^nUiessioMls 

A POLICEMAN stands on the sidewalk outside the District Building in Washing­ ton Thursday night as two gunmen hold seven hostages bound and gagged 
Precautions guarded fragile peace in D.C. 

NEW YORK TIMES SERVICE 
WASHINGTON - The 
75-fijm howitzers that usually fire 19 times to welcome visiting heads of government were missing from the sunny elispe of the White House when 
Prime 
Minister 
.lames 
Callaghan of 
Britain arrived Thurs­ day. so fearful were offi­ cials that gunfire might shatter the fragile peace at seige sites only blocks away. 
At Washington’s city hall, barely two blocks from the White House, two Hanafi Moslem gun­ men held seven hostages bound and gagged. 
IOO hostages 
At the B ’nai B ’rith building, seven blocks from the White House, about IOO hostages were being held by five gun­ men who threatened to decapitate them and throw their heads into By­ street. 
At the Islamic Center and Mosque, about a mile and a half away, two gunmen held another I-I hostages. 

At least a dozen members oj Congress were given round-the-clock protection 

And from the Capitol corridors to city streets to enclaves where hag­ gard relatives awaited word of the captives, the terrorist seige was the only topic of conversation in a tense and wary Wa­ shington. 
Extra guards were posted outside a congres­ sional committee room where the prime minister was the guest of honor. A police spokesman said the extra security was posted because of the ilanafi situation. 
The spokesman said at least a dozen members of 
Congress were given round-the-clock protec­ tion — some because they requested it and some because police deemed it advisable. 
Jewish or black 
Police would not iden­ tify the senators and representatives under protective guard, and a congressional source 

 would say only that 
“ most of them are either 
Jewish or black.” 
He said that those who had asked for protection did so not because of threats, but “ just appre­ hension on their own.” 
Thomas P. O’Neill Jr., the speaker of the House, said he had received half a dozen calls from col­ leagues “ about glassing in the galleries” above the House chambers. 
O’Neill said the members wanted “ more protection around here.” 
He added that “ the police went on immediate alert and all leaves were canceled.” 
Each of the Senate’s five Jewish members was given a personal se­ curity office! Thursday, and additional security men clustered in various locations in the Capitol halls. 
The five senators are 
Jacob K. Javits of New 

 save 46% to 56%! queen and king size sheets 
6.99 

Dillard’: 

Queen or king flat or fitted reg. $13-16 

$7 standard cases, pr.. . . 4.99 
$8 king size cases, pr.. . 
5.99 

Womsutta s beautiful 
Wildflower Compose” multi-floral en white is perfect for spring in 5o% Fortrel* polyester 
*rid 5o% cotton. Limited quantities of Bill Blass 
Assigns are also available. Buy now for a ling -sized savings at Dillard's! 

SHOP MONDAY THRU SATURDAY IO TIL 9: CENTRAL PARK, MILITARY PLAZA, W INDSOR PARK 

York, Abraham A. Ribi- coff of Connecticut, R i­ chard Stone of Florida, 
Howard M. Metzenbaum of Ohio and Edward Zor- insky of Nebraska. 

White House 
The Secret Service said it was reviewing security at the White House, but there was no sign of extra precautions there Thurs­ day. 
Tourists at the Capitol found their handbags and briefcases being searched more diligently than usual. 
At the Supereme Court, the huge bronze doors that guard the building’s main entrance were closed, and tourists had to enter through the basement level. Extra guards were stationed outside. 
The rerouting of traffic for blocks around the three trouble spots, all on heavily traveled thor­ oughfares, made W a­ shington’s normally bad rush-hour traffic worse than usual. 
Pedestraians were also kept away from areas where hostages were be­ ing held, by policemen who kept repeating, 
“ You can’t go through here. You’d be in the line of fire.” 

Crowds 
Nonetheless, crowds 
^fluctuating in size gath­ ered as close as they could get to the three be- seiged buildings throughout the day. Most stared silently for a while, then wandered away, 
There was little to see, other than m illing po­ licemen and ambulances and fire department ve­ hicles standing by. 
Seven persons whose relatives were being held inside the B ’nai B ’rilji building congregated at the front door of the Na­ tional Rifle Association headquarters several doors away. 
“ My wife is in there,” a young red-haired man cried out. “ Oh, my God, she’s in there.” He was comforted by an older, gray-haired man who, 
Mas also keeping vigil. 
Other relatives waited! a few blocks away at the* 
Foundry 
United* 
Methodist Church, where the Red Cross had set up. a center for providing cols and coffee. 

Exhausted 
Many had obviously! stayed up throughout the* previous night. The men* 
NL ere unshaven, and all* the vigil-keepers looked) haggard and exhausted,! some almost dazed. 
The Red Cross set up a second aid center in a of­ fice buidling near City 
Hall. Relatives were gi-« von cigarettes and food. as well as coffee and bedding. 
Hamburgers aud other* earry-out food were deli­ vered by police to gunmen at B nai B ’rithi and City Hall during the day. Some of the at-* tackers at the Islamic, 
Center demanded eggs,* apples, dates, bananas! and bread —■ aud got) them. 

The center, located in) the heart of Embassy* 
Row, Nias the calmest of the siege scenes, At times, the atmosphere 
NNas almost that of a pic­ nic, with press represen­ tatives eating on the lawn of the chancery of the In­ dian Embassy. 

S A N A N T O N IO E X P R E SS— 
Friday M arch I I I 9 7 7 

 one week only! 
3 firmnesses at one low price 

 now save $2o to $ 14o! King Koil top quality bedding . . . your choice of 3 firmnesses 
59.95 

 each piece, twin 

 any firmness 

 full, each piece, any firmness 79.95 

 queen size set, any firmness 199.95 

 king size set, any firmness 279.95 

FIRM 

Anniversary firm with 
Flex-edge gives you more sleeping comfort. 
Twin, reg. 69.95 ea. pc. 
Full, reg. 89.95 ea. pc. 
Queen, reg. $229 set 
King, reg. $339 set 

FIRMER 

Luxury Firm with firmer insulation gives more support, more comfort. 
Twin, reg. 89.95 ea. pc. 
Full, reg. 99.25 ea. pc. 
Queen, reg. $269 set 
King, reg. $379 set 

FIRMEST 

Super firm for maximum support and comfort, extra strength coils. 
Twin, reg. 99.75 ea. pc. 
Full, reg. 1o9.95 ea. pc. 
Queen, reg. 299.95 set 
King, reg. 419.95 set 

Spinal-Guard gives you 

 firmer, more comfortable 

 support and the benefit of 

 soothing, more peacefully 

 restful sleep. 

Pamper yourself this spring with a King Koil mattress and box spring de­ 

 signed to suit individual tastes. Mattresses have heavy-duty flex-edge 

 border supports, attractive multi-quilted covers and are available in your 

 choice ... firm, extra firm, super firm ... matching box spring. 

B e d d in g 

1 o o % solid state chests 

.JI 

 bright matrix 

 picture tube 

 extra tested for 

 extra reliability i 

61.95 off! Magnavox 
2 5 " diagonal console color TV 
$568 

Reg. 629.95 

M aganvox quality brings you 1 o o % modular solid state chassis, automatic fine tuning for outstanding performance and sharp bright pictures. Mediterranean styling on the console cabinet and top quality workmanship make this an extra special bargain! 

Televisions 

Dillards 

SHOP M O N D A Y THRU SATURDAY IO 'TIL 9; CENTRAL PARK,MILITARY PLAZA, W INDSO R PARK 

Page J o-A 
S A N A N T O N IO EXPRESS— Friday March l l 1977 
Dillard’s 

M I C » O W * V t / o v t N 
3 days only. . . to save $2o on the 
Amana Touchmatic 
Radarange 
579.95 reg. 599.95 

Revolutionize your cooking habits with an 
Amana 
Touchmatic Radarange with cookmatic power shift. You do the programming, it does the rest, including defrosting and warming. Purchase this range and receive a cook kit free. 
Let Amana add the touch of convenience to your home . . . the magic of Touchmatic Radarange. 

Appliances 

Maytag one week sale! 

 save 21.95! Maytag heavy duty washer 

 reg. 3o9.95 $288 

Energy saving washer with long-life steel cabinet, tough poly pump, self-cleaning tub. 

 save MO! big load 
Maytag dryer 
$228 r e g . $ 2 3 8 

M aytag electric dryer with up-front lint filter, unique air-ride drying s y s t e m . 

 save 21.95 on 
Maytag dishwasher 

$349 r e g . 3 6 9 .9 5 

Unsurpassed capacity, power module dishwasher with 3-level washing, easy installation, front service, quiet operation, 
Appaumee* 

U.S.-British talks focus on Rhodesia 

ASSOCIATED PBE SS 
WASHINGTON — President Carter and 
British Prime Minister Jam es Callaghan discussed international econom ics Thurs­ day and the need to work together towards a peaceful transitition to majority rule in 
Africa, the President’s spokesman said. 

The focus was on 
Rhodesia where minority whites rule the p red o m in a te ly black country. 
But discussion of the 
Concorde supersonic jet and the chances it will get landing rights at New 
York Kennedy Airport was put off until Friday, 
White 
House 
P r e s s 
Secretary Jody Powell said. 
Powell said that dis- ussions on black rule in 
Southern Africa, p a r ­ ticularly Rhodesia, were in general terms 
‘primarily characterized by expressions on both sides on the need for closer cooperation and consultation.” 
5 meet 
The two leaders met privately in the Oval Of­ fice for 15 minutes and then for an hour in the 
Cabinet room with Vice 
Pre sid e n t 
W alter 
F. 
Mondale. S e c re ta ry of 
State Cyrus K. Vance and 
British 
Foreign 
Secretary David Owens. 
Carter, welcoming Cal- aghan to the White 
House on a sunny but hazy morning, said 
U.S.-British ties over decades and generations produced “ an unshaka­ ble friendship” and “ a pedal relationship.*1 
The welcoming c e r ­ emony on the White 
House south lawn was slightly a b b re v ia te d when the 19-gun salute that traditionally greets heads of government was 

Concorde. q uestion, postponed 

 omitted as a result of the 
Hanafi Moslem siege at three 
Washington buildings, including one two blocks from 'the 
White House grounds. 
Evan Dobelle, chief of protocol, said District of 
Columbia police had recpjested that the guns not be fired “ because of concern it might be mis­ understood by any of the parties who are involved in the current problems in Washington.” 
He said Callaghan staff m em bers, informed of the request, 
“ were gracious and understood completely.” 
Except for that change, the ceremony with ruf­ fles and flourishes and military honor guard went off as scheduled, with the Anglo-American crowd se ren ad ed by a 
Marine band playing 
“ Til Be Loving You Al­ ways.” 
Support 
Without m entioning the terrorist siege else­ where in the city, Cal­ laghan told Carter that the United States has its own problems and needs support and e n c o u r­ agement. 
He said the United 
States and Great Britain 

AT W E L C O M IN G cerem onies ore, left to right, M rs. C a l­ lagh an, M rs. Carter, Prim e M inister Callagh an and 
President Carter 

 need to d iscuss “ the eternal problem of how to m aintain and enhance liberty for our citizens and for peoples in all parts of the world. 

“ The United States hears much of the burden of the free world, mili­ tary burdens, economic burdens, aid burdens,” the prime minister said as C a rte r stood at his side and several th o u ­ sand persons watched the ceremony. 
“ But what you do and have begun to do has in­ 

 fluenced the political tone to a very marked degree. In the leadership you give to the world today, you carry your re­ sponsibility with a spirit and constructive and imaginative thinking,” he told the President. 
Callaghan said in te r­ governmental action is needed for the western countries to emerge from the international reces­ sion “ as speedily as pos­ sible.” 

Carter told Callaghan: 
“ I think it s not an exag­ 

 geration to say ... that we enjoy a special relationship with Great 
Britain. They are our closest ally and friend.” 
He said that over the years the two countries 
“ have carved out ... an uncheckable friendship.” 
Powell, b riefing r e p o rte rs on the first day’s talk, said the dis­ cussions included m u l­ tilateral trade issues and the d a n g e rs of p ro te c ­ tionism “ which become p a rtic u la rly acute in times of economic reces­ sion.” 
Now you can have a beautiful green lawn 

 without work or worry thanks to liquid fertilizers applied by a-Perni-o-Green. 

A greener lawn is what you'll notice first— usually w ithin IO to 14 days after we first spray your lawn. 
It will he greener because it is healthier. Greener because a-Perm-o-Green’s nutrients are promoting a deep root system and strong stems and blades. 
You'll nqfice something else too. no chinch bug or grub worm problems because a-Perm-o-Green applies the correct insecticide at the right tim e— before damage is done. 
Join the thousands who are enjoying greener, healthier lawns thanks to a-Perm-o-Green applica­ tions last year. Your satisfaction is assured or you don’t owe us a cent. 

Why is a-Perm-o-Green so effective? 

Your lawn is sprayed with liquid fertilizer specially prepared by a-Perm-o-Green to meet current soil, temperature and moisture conditions. 
Nutritional elements plus nitrogen, phosphorus and potassium are seasonally adjusted to promote the growth most beneficial at the time of application. 
Research proves that proper nutrition— rather than the soil itself— makes the difference between success and failure in creating a beautiful lawn. And creating beautiful lawns is what a-Perm-o-Green is all about. 

Average Cost? Less than $2o per application. 

Seem s amazingly low , but a-Perm-a-Green is able to buy fertilizers and insecticides in quantity and pass the savings on to you. The average size lawn really 

 does average less than $2o per application— about the same as if you bought materials and applied them yourself (not counting the trips you’d make to the fertilizer store, the time and gamble over the correct m u to use, and the spreader equipment you’d have to rent or buy!) 

When do you join the program? Now! 

Over the next few w eeks our lawn care profes­ sionals will take the a-Perm-o-Green trucks out to spray this year’s first treatments on lawns throughout this area. 
Make sure your home is one of our first stops. Call us right now! 

SHOP MONDAY THRU SATURDAY IO ’TIL 9 

 a-Perm-o-Green 
Lawn Spraying Schedule 

Spring: Balance** application in­ clude* nitrogen, phosphorus, potassium and Micro-Nutrients to dive your lawn a strong, green leaf and stem. 
Early Summer: Another bal­ anced appl Hal H>n of fertilizers plus inset tic ides for control of grub worm*, chinch bugs, and other pasta. 
Summer: Hot weather nutrients in aeaaonnlly balanced applica­ tion plus inset tk ides aimed al second generation chinch hugs, 

F all: ksacnlial nutrients plus a winterizing application to pro­ mote deep root growth and a helpful fungicide. 

Call today for Free Estimate 
Free Lawn Analysis 226-2387 a-Perm-o-Green 

Lawn of San Antonio, Inc. 
617 North Floral, San Antonio. Texan 782o5 

Wfc W I l l O M I 

Open 7 ’til 7 MON.-SAT. 

Moil coupon or phone 341*5151 
Dillard'*, P O. Bo* 13179 
San Antonio, TX 78284 
Pledge odd S I lor postage and handling 

Style # 
Color 
Size 
Quail 
Price 

Name 

Address .......................... 
A P ’ 

City .............................. State.............. 2»p *........... 

Charge Acct. # ......... 
Check or M O 

When Robert Redford is around, women of all ages stop and take a second, and a third look. 
It was no different Thursday when the popular actor appeared at a news conference in New 
York to help publicize the danger of cancer caused by chemicals in the environment. 
Speaking for the Environmental Defense Fund, Redford said it will take years to straighten the environmental problems. — AP Wirephoto 

Occupancy tax bill goes to governor 

EXPRESS CAPITOL BUREAU 
AUSTIN — A switch of votes in the Bexar County 
House delegation marked final passage Thursday of a bill raising the local option hotel occupancy tax from 3 to 4 per cent. 
SB333, by Sen. Ike 
Harris of Dallas, won final House approval 85 to 48 and was sent to the governor just before the legislature recessed until 
Monday. 
The Bexar delegation, which had voted 7-5 against the bill in a pre­ lim inary test Wednes­ day, gave it final appro­ val by a 1o-2 margin 
Thursday. 
The five vote switchers were Reps. Matt Garcia, 
Frank Madia. Abe Ribak. 

Ix)U Nelle Sutton and Bob 
Vale. 
Continuing to vote against SB333 were Reps. 
Frank Tejeda and Joe L. 
Hernandez. 
Approval was also vot­ ed for the second straight day by Reps. Ron Bird. 
Al Brown. Don Cartw­ right, James Nowlin and 
Don Rains. 
SB333 allows cities the 
Checking interest is urged 

NEW YORK TIMES SERVICE 

WASHINGTON - Fe­ deral Reserve Board 
Chairman 
Arthur 
F. 
Burns Thursday urged 
Congress to pass legisla­ tion that would permit commercial banks to pay interest on checking ac­ counts un a nationwide basis. 
Generally opposed by banks but favored by consumer groups, de­ mand deposit interest — which would affect the balances of millions of 
Americans — has come to the forefront as an issue following experi­ ments in New England, where banks have intro­ duced negotiable orders of withdrawals. 
The NOW’s are basi­ cally check drawings on interest-bearing depo­ sits. Banks iii New Eng­ land pay 5 per cent. Burn said he thought the rate should be reduced if the experiment goes nation- w ide. 

 option of increasing the local hotel occupancy tax to the new level if de­ sired. lf they do so. the tax on room occupancy in hotels and motels would go to 7 per cent total, including the 3 per cent state tax. 
Five-tenths of the first one per cent of the local option tax is reserved by the cities for promoting convention and tourism business. 
A San Antonio spokes­ man said the city will adopt the increase as soon as the bill is signed into law and becomes ef­ fective. 
Bill filed to aid w ater program s 

AUSTIN - Rep. Ron 
Bird of San Antonio filed legislation Thursday al­ lowing public agencies to pool their resources to provide for regional water systems. 
The legislation pro- v ides costs will be shared by agencies entering into such a partnerships. 
S u b com m ittee okays budget 

AUSTIN - A House subcommittee has voted final approval to the 
1978-79 budget request of the Department of Men­ tal Health and Mental 
Retardation, but not until some fiscal responsibili­ ty amendments were tacked on. 

Among the funds ap­ proved by the House 
M il/MR subcommittee are approximately SIU million for the Bexar 
County MI 1/M It as well as full funding for the new San Antonio State 
Hospital 

P rotection eyed for aquifer 

AUSTIN — Additional protection of the E d ­ wards 
Underground 
Aquifer would be provid­ ed under legislation filed 
Thursday by Sen. John 
Traeger of Seguin. 

Senate B ill 91o pro­ poses to add a section regulating water wells to the aet which created the 
Edwards Underground 
Waler District, 
Clerk shot as robbery fails 

A young clerk was shot during a futile Thursday night robbery attempt at the liquor sture where he worked. 
The victim. John P. McKay, 18, told officers lie was shot i i i the left shoulder after a man walked into the Acme Drug and Liquor Store, 1129 N. Hackberry 
St., at about 8 45 p.m. and asked fur a bottle of scotch. 
’ 
McKay said when he turned uround after getting the bottle the man produced a small-caliber pistol. 
He demanded that money from the register be put into a paper sack, officers reported. 
But before McKay could reply, the gun discharged and the wounded clerk dropped to the floor behind the counter 
The gunman escaped without getting any money after firing a shot into a clock above where McKay had stood, police said. 
Three other persons in the store ut the time were unharm ed, officers reported McKay was listed iii good condition at Baptist Hospital following the incident. 
Dillards 

SHOP DILLARD'S MONDAY THRU SATURDAY F R O M IO A M . 'TIL 9 P M . 

 women's casual shoe 

 sale . . . spring styles 

 at pre-season savings! 
6.9o ,.8.9o 

Reg. $11-14. Shoes for all your spring outfits at these 

 low prices! Select from hundreds of popular styles in pat­ 

 ent and smooth spring colors made of easy care materials. 

Shop early, quantities are limited. Assorted sizes. 

Wom en'* Shoe* 

Hill to m eet 

S A N A N T O N IO EXPRESS— Friday Morch l l 1977 

HOUSTON 
(A P ) 
- 
Texas Atty. Gen. John 
Hill said Thursday he plans to go to Mexico City on March 23 to discuss plans for a top level her­ oin traffic conference he hopes can be held in May­ or June. 
Hill said he hopes the attorneys general of 
Mexico, the 
United 
States, and four border states can participate in the discussions tentative­ ly scheduled to be held in 
Brownsville. 
The border states are 
Texas, 
New’ 
Mexico, 
Arizona and California. 
Hill said the problems of illegal aliens and smuggling also would be discussed and that he vi­ sualizes the conference could 
“ build some bridges between our two nations and set the stage for improved friendly 

 relations for the rest of this decade.” 
The conference would focus particularly. Hill said, on “ guns-for-dope” traffic in which Amer­ ican firearms are traded for Mexican heroin. 
Hill said the problem is of great concern to the 
Mexican government in that the guns are used to arm terrorist groups in northern Mexico where poppies are grown for heroin. 

The discussions, he added, could open the way for closer coopera­ tion among prosecutors on both sides of the border in efforts to con­ vict top drug traffickers. 
Hill said such coopera­ tion could include the swapping of witnesses and information across the border. 

 special! initial handbags 

 to enhance spring fashions 

13.99 

The personal spring fashion accent . , , handbags with 

 metal plate and self-adhering initials. Clutch or multi-sec­ tion swagger in assorted spring shades. Clutch also avail­ 

 able in black or white patent. 

Handbag* 
Dillard’' 

 with M exico for drug talk Dillards 

Double-Your-Comfort“ nylon tricot panties... 

 special purchase 
3 for 5.5o 

Soft nylon panties with the comfort of a double cotton gusset at a special low price. 
Available in white and assorted pastels. Bikinis in sizes 5 to 7. Briefs in sizes 5-8. 

A. #144o Elastic leg tailored brief. C. #oo44 Elastic leg tailored bikini. 
B. #245 Stretch lace trim hiphugger. D. #1o45 Stretch lace trim brief (not shown). 

P a g e 
12-A 
SAN ANTONIO EXPRESS— Friday March I I I 977 

Lab tests identify disease th at killed 2 

ATLANTA 
(A P) 
- 
Two employes at the na­ tional Center for Disease 
Control died of Rocky 
Mountain spotted fever, a 
CDG spo kesm an said 
Thursday. 
The cause of death was determined by lab tests, ending a two-week-old mystery. Now. epidemi­ ologists are trying to find out how the two men contracted the disease. 

Research 

George Flowers, 49, and Robert Dubingon. 4:1. both worked in a building which houses laborator­ ies where research on the disease, among others, is being carried out. 
But they would not 

R o c k y M o n ut a in s p o t t e d f e v e r is sp rea d by in fected ticks 

 have been in any labora­ tory. in the performance of their normal duties, a 
( DC spokesman said. 
Flowers delivered scientific supplies, in­ cluding glassware used in the laboratories, bul he always left them out­ side the laboratories, the spokesman said. 
Dubingon worked in the maintenance depart­ ment and would have had no reason to enter a laboratory where exper­ iments are being done, the spokesman said. 
A spokesman said that 

 i i i tin* past some re­ searchers accidentally inflicted themselves dur­ ing experiments, but no employe of the center e\(>r died of a disease contracted there. 
Rocky Mountain spot­ ted fever is spread by in­ fected ticks. It is not spread from person to person or through the air. 
It is fairly common in tin1 Southeast and has a mortality rate of about 29 per cent without .specific treatment. Symptoms are similar to influenza 
GRIMM’S uour complete professional garden center 

NO RTHEAST 
o« n o a .i y w o - * :* 
6923 Son Pedro 
SUNDAY 9:oo-6:oo 
Bandera Ka. i-jaume- 
^ 
J 
I 
PH. 344-4576 
Ph. 434-4111 : 
/" 

V.v v 

PECAN TREE “CLEARANCE” 

18'-24" Reg. $ 5 .9 8 .... Now $4 ’ 9 
2 for 
S8 ° ° I 

6 & 8 Ft. Tall 
B/R FRUIT TREES 

EXTRA HEAVY EULL TREES 
Mix or Match ... Your Choice From 
PEACHES - PLUMS - PEARS 
APRICOTES & NECTERINES 
Regular $6.98 & $7.98 

FLOWERING PEACH TREES 

5 Gal. 1o.98*2.98 
Now *7Jo7 

1o Gal. now ‘14.” 

RED BUD TREES 
M ost Bloom ing Now! 
Beautiful Choices 

$ 1 o ’ 8 t o * 6 9 ” 

FRESH STOCK 
CALIFORNIA ROSES! 
NEW AND OLD! ALL AMERICAN ROSES 
GROWING IN 2 GAL CANS, TAGGED 
TRUE 
TO 
NAME 
ONLY 
PROVEN 
VARIETIES 
FOR 
SAN 
ANTONIO,. 
HYBRID. 
GRANDI 
FLORAS, 
FLORA 
BUNDAS & CLIMBERS 

NOW * 2 ,8w 

GALoRAMA BONANZA 

Values From '1.98 to '2.98 

Boxwood, Eleagnes, M. Youpons, 

SW. 
Viburnum, Rosemary, 
Asst. 

Junipers, Asst. Pines, Mimosa Trees, 

Gold Rain Trees. 
YOUR 
$ 1 39 
CHOICE 
Now ea. 

VEGETABLE AND BERRY TIME! 
^POTATOES Red A W h i t e ......................................................N o w 
2 V lb. 
^STRAWBERRIES S e q u o ia 3 " p o t s 
............................ N o w 3 9 ‘ eoj 
J- I SEEDLESS THOMPSON G R A P E S ....................... N o w 98* ea.] 
,#1 CONCORD G R A P E S ............................................... N o w 
1.19 .ck 
[ASPARAGUS aal. s i t e ..................................................... N o w 
1.19 en. 
HORSERADISH (3 p er p k g . ) - R e g . 2 . 4 9 ............................ 
N o w 2.17] 
[RHUBARB C rim son R e d (3 p e r p k g .)-R « g . 2 . 9 8 .................. N o w 2* I 1 
'AUSTIN DEWBERRY (p k g .j-R a g . 3 . 4 9 .............................. N o w 2.47] 
^ H ORNLESS BOYSENBERRY (pkg.)-Reg. 3 49 
Now 2 .4 : 
IN POTTED 
T O M A T O E S— SW EET 8 HOT PEPPERS 
CONTAINER! 

Rudy Soys: 

[NOW IS THE TIME 

TO FEED YOUR TREES ferti-lome 

TREE AND SHRUB 

FOOD! 

MAKES TREE 

FEEDING EASY! 

NO HOLES TO DIG— 

Hos Penetrating Action 

TREE & SHRUB FOOD r '4.95 

$ 

BLOOMING Gin u r n 

LAW N-GARDEN p l a n t fo od 

IO - s - s 

8.95 

 f e r t i dome 

SPECIAL 

Weed em and reap! 

Give your lawn a healthy feeding and control weeds at the same time. 

APPLY NOW!!! 
You can trust your lawn to fertl-!ome..jf works! 

S H P 

FORTIFIED WITH 

1 5 % 
“ SUBSOIL” 

Pelleted end Duff Free 

ORGANK BASE. (Over the minimum 
25% required). 
Contains all the plant food elements needed in this area. 

• Nitrogen 
• Sulphur 
• Potash a Phosphate 
• Zinc a Iron 
• Manganese 

SO lh. sack covers up to 
25oo square foot lawn 
S795 
ONLY 
/ tack 

 f c O U P O N j 

ACIO PUI MOSS I 
(moRow* mull** I ta to* A fntnnn. 
R*« SI ** 
A d * I if COUPON 
V V 

UMM 4 

 r l l AMOtVITAf 
74 » JO tim NA Nm* ta eua*t « 
| had*, pit. H i 

• iom » 
J 

HOUY OAK 
I Ml 14 •**•§)••* 
VWO* N M , n a # p t M I rn VA ImwnM taw** 
Mi SWM s ja f f a towro* 
* 

*o1*oo© j )'• **N« Iv* ptam ta ta**? rn ta* ptai 

« COUPON 
3 9 .’. 
3 / M - 

— fever, muscular pains and skin eruptions. 
Both employes were stricken Feb. 23. Flowers died Feb. 27 in an Atlanta hospital, and Dubingon died two days later at Ft. 
McPherson 
Arm y 
Hospital in Atlanta. 

Trudeau won’t call election 

OTTAWA, Canada (AF3) — Prim e Minister Pierre 
Elliott Trudeau has virtually ruled out a general election this year despite a surge of support in public opinion polls that reversed a previous trend. 
“ I have no intention of calling an election, but I wouldn’t sign a blind check saying so,” Trudeau said at his weekly news conference Thursday. 
Trudeau responded to questions for about 45 minutes. 
Trudeau said he would not call an an early elec­ tion voluntarily, but could be forced into one by a defeat of the Liberal majority in the House of Com­ mons or by ‘‘some great scandal.” 
He also said an election may be the only way out 
‘‘if the opposition begins stalling incredibly” on 

 governm ent business before P a rlia m e n t. 
“ Bul if you ask me, all other things being equal, w ill I call an election? The answer is no. 
Trudeau had been asked to give a commitment that there would be no election this spring, a full year ahead of the normal four-year term of majority governments, despite an increase in support for the 
Liberals as reflected in opinion polls. 
The m o st re c e n t p o lis s a id the Lib erals are favored by 4! per cent of decided vo ters compared w ith 37 per cent for the C o n servatives, a reversal of 

 e a rlie r polls. 
A poll last week indicated Trudeau had surged ahead of Conservative Leader Joe ( lark in public popularity. 
_________ 

ELLIOTT TRUDEAU 
. . . no elections 
Man killed in accident near Uvalde 

SPECIAL TO THE EXPRESS 
UVALD E — A one-car accident 17 miles north of here has claimed the life of a young San Antonian and injured a teen-age girl. 
Pronounced dead following the Wednesday night accident was Tho­ mas I). Bal knit vile, 22, of 
7HOH Westfield Drive. 
A passenger in his ear, 
Julie Hatfield. IS. of 7411 
Bronco St., San Antonio, was listed in satisfactory condition at lh aide Me­ morial Hospital. 
D PS Trooper R 
K. 
Dittlmger said tin1 acci­ dent occurred after Bal- lantyne’s westbound au­ tomobile failed to nego­ tiate a curve on EM 1o5o and crashed into a tree. 
The car broke in half upon impact, Dittlinger said. 
Services for Ballantyne are scheduled for 11 a.rn. 
Saturday in the Porter 

Loring Funeral Chapel. 
Ile is survived by his parents, Mr. and Mrs. 
George I). Ballantyne. a brother. Michael Ballan­ tyne, a sister, Mrs. Caro­ lyn Elizabeth Gusset, all of San Antonio, and a grandmother, Mrs. Julia 
McConnel of O roville, 
Calif. 
Compensation iii condem nation 

AUSTIN - A hill re­ quiring adequate com­ pensation for persons whose homes are con­ demned under local or state powers of eminent domain was introduced 
Thursday by Rep. Frank 
Tejeda of San Antonio. 
Under 
Tejed a’s 
I1B1734, it would not bo sufficient to award da­ mages solely for the fair m arket value of a person’s home or pro­ perty condemned. 

Believe It or Not/ 

THE SHORTEST HEAVYWEIGHT TITLE 
FIGHT IN HISTORY HAPPENED ON ST 
PATRICK'S DAV, IROS! THE BOUT 
TOOK PLACE IN DUBLIN, IRELAND, 
Wh er e c h a m pio n tom m y b u r n s 
KO O CHALLENGER JEM ROCHE 

 in ju s t S S SECONDS/ 

J im Be a m and sherbet knock out a 
SUNDRY 
PUNCH/* 

VU 

/ T 
7 

 the LONGEST fight on record 

 w a s b e t w e e n ja c k burke and 
ANDY BOWEN IN NEW ORLEANS, 
LOUISIANA, APRIL 6, 1&<13.THE BOUT HIC 
WW 11 tilTr: ll' w a s ruled NO CONTEST a f t e r i 
HO ROUNDS (7HOURS, 14m in u t e s)/ 
/ w 

© PiPlfcV i« m « H *T iO N A l. U M I T P D 197? 

PUT A SCOOP OF YOUR FAVORITE 
SHERBET IN A ©LASS ADD 
OZ. JIM BEAM, FILL 
WITH GINGER ALE, 
DECORATE WITH 
SLICE OF ORANGE 
AND CHERRY, AND 
YOU'VE KNOCKED 
OUT A'SUNDAY 
PUNCH/” 

Beam. 
Serving the 
United Tastes of America. 

KINHJCKr SIHAIGHI BOURBON WHINNY 8P I’KUOI Ulbl ILI t U ANI) BOT TLH) BV IAMF $ B BL AM DIS I III ING CO CU HMUNI Bl AM KY_ 

CARPETS 
National 
1 Sale 1 
Days 

Ten Styles 

Choose from IOO Colors 

★ PRICES COOP THRU MAR. I S 
BAHK FINANCING A VAIIABII 

■ k 541o GLEN RIDGE 
681-314o 
★ 227 FREDERICKSBURG RD. 732-2121 
CALL FOR FRIE IN HOME ESTIMATE 

S A N A N T O N IO EXPRESS— Friday M arch 11 I 9 7 7 
Page I 3 -A 

 your spring thing at 
2o% off. f 
" 

 r n 
/ii ■* 

Sale 6.4o 
Reg. $8. Short-sleeved sportshirt of polyester/ cotton. With twin pockets button cuff sleeves Light solids. Sizes S.M.L.XL. 
Long sleeve style. reg $1o. Sale $8 

Reg. 3.33. Boys' short sleeved sport shirt of polyester/cotton with contrast stitching, long point collar, one pocket. Sizes 8 to 18. 
Long sleeved style, reg. 3.99. Sale 3.19 
Reg. $12. Sleek knit sport shirt styled with tapered 
European fit. Polyester/ cotton with long sleeves 
Sizes S.M.L.XL in prints and solids 
Short sleeve style, reg $11 Sale 8.8o 
Reg. 2.49. Little boys' short sleeved shirt with contrast stitching is polyester/cotton broadcloth with one pocket and long point collar. Sizes 3 to 7. 

Reg. $7 Polyester 

Ultriana® top 

 with short sleeves 

 button front. 

Fashion colors. 

S,M,L. 

Sale 8.8o 
Reg. $11. Long sleeved plaid shirt in great spring combos Button cuffs, long point collar. 
/ 
Polyester/cotton in 
/ sizes S.M.L.XL v 
Short sleeved style, / reg. $9 Sale 7.2o 
Boys' Super Denim jeans are on sale. 
2o% off. 
C 3M J! 
Reg. $8. Polyester 

 knit striped 

 t-top in short 

 sleeve style. 

Fashion colors. 
Cc 
S,M,L. 
/> 

Reg. 7.5o 

Saddle-back Super 

Denim jeans are Dacron 

 polyester/cotton w ith 

 front stitched crease, 8 

 to 16 regular, slim. 

Little boys' sizes 3 to 7. 

 reg. $6. Sale 4.8o 

Reg. $7.5o 
^ 

Short sleeve 

 multi-banded 

 t-top of polyester 

Ultriana® Fashion 

 colors. S,M,L. 

Check these sales 

 men. Blazer and vest 

 at 2o% off. 

2o% off the JCPenney slack for men. 

Reg. $45. Great fashion blazering in woven polyester with flapped patch pockets and notched lapels. In an exciting range of solids. Regular, short, and long sizes. 
Sale 4.8o 
Sale 11.2o 
Reg. $6. Boys' western-styleSuper Denim* jeans are Dacron* polyester/cotton with flare bot­ toms. riveted front pockets, reinforced knees 
Sizes 8 to 16 regular and slim. 
Reg. $14. Finish off a fashion look with a coordi­ nated vest. Reverses from light to darker colors, and it’s woven polyester. 
Charge it, or use our convenient lay-away plan 

Reg. $14. The JCPenney 

Slack of texturized 

 stretch Dacron 

 polyester with Ban- 

Rol waist. Choose 

 from basic and 

 fashion colors. 
2o% off sport shoes 

Sale 9.59 
Reg. 11 99. Super styling tor men in combination suede/nylon striped with smooth leather Padded collar and ribbed rubber soles for sure tooting 6 ? to 11.12 
Boys sizes 2,<- to 6D. reg 11 99 Sale 9.59 

Sale prices 

 effective thru Saturday 

Our tops let you do 
2o% off sportshirts 
M en's sport shirts 

JCPenney Days 

M cCreless rn Northwest 
• South Park 
• Windsor Park 
• Terrell Plaza 
• Downtown 

H 
SA N A N T O N IO EXPRESS— Friday March l l 1977 
Carter deplores actions 

GOOD NEWS! 

Lolo Reyes formerly of Travis Wholesale 
Florist has opened a new wholesale floral shop. Our Special For This Week is: Carnations $14.oo A Hundred. 

We also have Pom Porn s, Iris, Roses and Heather. 
HOURS: 
M O N .-FRI. 8-5 
SAT. 8-1 
REYES FLORAL 

1832 BIANCO 
PH. 735-5243 

WASHINGTON (AIM 
— President Carter, dis­ c u s s i n g the a t t a c k on three Washington build­ ings by m e m b e r s of a 
Hanafi Moslem sect, said 
T h u r s d a y night it w as 
“ d e p l o r a b l e ” that p e r ­ sons with deep religious b e l ie f s would t u r n to violence. 
Carter said he had been keeping close tabs on the occupion of three build­ ings in d o w ntow n W a ­ shington where gunmen were holding about 13o hostages. 
T h e H an a fi M o slem gunmen are involved in a long-standing feud with the B lack M u s l i m s , a much larger Islamic or­ ganization. and are using the hostages to support d e m a n d s th a t s o m e 

Black Muslim leaders be turned over to them. 
Carter said Atty. Gen. 
Griffin Bell was staying in touch fu l l t i m e with d is t ri c t officials ab o u t the situation. 
“ I’m concerned about it, but I think it is in good h a n d s , ” sa id th e P r e ­ s id e n t, who ta l k e d to reporters briefly in the 
White House after a state d in n e r for visiting B r i ­ tish 
P r i m e 
M i n i s t e r 
J a m e s Callaghan. 
Asked if he had any special feelings about the incident as a person of reli g io u s c o n v i c ti o n s himself, Carter said, “ It is obviously deplorable th a t a d ee p r e li g io u s b elief would lead to violence.” 
However, he said it has 

 historically been true that this has happened. 
He mentioned the 
Christian Inquisition in 
Spain. 

“ It is deplorable, but not unique,” he said. 
Carter said he was be­ ing briefed regularly on the situation. 
Bell, K elley stay low in waiting game 

LOS ANGE! ES TIMES SERVICE 
WASHINGTON - Atty 
Gen. Griffin B. Bell, FBI 
Director C la re n c e M. 
Kelley and other federal officials sought Thursday to keep a low profile in 

Next to their paychecks, ifs one off the most valuable pieces off paper you can provide your employees. 

The Blue Cross and Blue Shield I D. 
Card It s one piece of paper that s instantly recognized and accepted by virtually all hospitals and doctors as proof of health insurance that pays. 
And to your employees, that s as important as salary. 

Blue Cross 
Blue Shield of It?* as 
Identification Card 

IAMES B. MARTIN 
O M 781 o 7 o 

 m 
A T B X S 
O I - IS 
7 5 
Blue Cross 
G«OU* HOSPITAL S€»V fC t >N( 
Blue Shield 
G»OUP l i f t * Mf. 4l?M INSURANCE COMPANY of Texas 

ReqiMofWl Mar* Blue Gross Association 
Registered Service Mars o) the 
National Association o* Blue Shield Plans 
These professionals can give you details on our complete package of fringe benefit insurance for your employees. 

Bill Moseley, 
Belinda Martinez, 
District Sales M anager 
F E P Representative 
Dennis Fisher 
Steve Arhelger 
Hector Cuellar 

Charlie Davis 
David Thigpen 
Harry Landrum 
Phil Rockwood 

8ooo Vantage. Suite D, San Antonio 7823o (512) 342-9389 
Do you think enough off your employees to provide the best? 

 com bating capital t e r ­ rorists so as to avoid giving them more of a platform than they a l­ ready command. 
The goal, set by White 
House d ire c tio n s, a c ­ cording to one adminis­ tration official, is to pre­ vent inviting fu tu re attempts by a handful of t e r r o r i s ts to p a ra ly z e parts of this city. 
As a result, the poten­ tially crucial role being played by specially trained FBI hostage ne­ gotiators brought in from the FBI National Aca­ demy at nearby Quanti­ co. 
Va., is being minimized. 
Contacts 
So, too. are Bell's fre­ quent c o n ta c ts with 
White 
House aides, chiefly p re sid e n tia l counsel Robert Lipshutz and Hamilton J o r d a n , a ssista n t to the P r e s i ­ dent, plus two conversa­ tions with 
P r e s i d e n t 
Carter on the hostage si­ tuation. 
The s tr a t e g y , one source who has sat in on discussions explained, is to e m p h a siz e that the touchy m a tte r is being handled as a local prob­ lem by local authorities. 
To reveal the extent of the federal role could be 
“ like b r in g in g in the 
Army,” an official said. 
“ When you have to go that far. it can aggravate and influence the situa­ tion." 
John T h e r ia u l t , an agent in the F B I's Wa­ shington field office, was guarded in his comments about the ho stag e e x ­ perts. 
“ We do have some people up from Quantico 
— a sm a ll g r o u p , ” he said. They were brought to Washington “ when the thing started to break. 
No details 
T h e ria u lt would not detail the steps taken by the FBI's hostage nego­ tiators. ‘‘T hese people 
(the Hanafi Moslem ter­ rorists) do have access to the media, and we do not want to set them off," he said. 
The FBI sp o k e s m a n promised details of the operation “ after the si­ tuation resolves itself.” 

SUPER SALE! SUPER SALE!SALE! SUPER SALE! SUPER SALEiSUPER SALE! SUPER 
^ *£ E ! SU P E R ^ A L E ! 

2 

LOADS OF NAME BRANDS 

LOADS OF NEW STYLES 
C O LO R S GALORE 
FANTASTIC G R O U P 
CASUAL STYLES 
DRESS STYLES 
MID-HEELS 
FLATS 
SA N D A L S 
PU M PS 
W EDGIES 
CLO GS 
SLIN G S 
O DD LOTS 
O NE-OF-A-KIND 
SM ALL G R O U PS 
COM E EARLY FOR 
BEST SELECTION 

 shoe s 

FRIDAY 1o-9:3o A N D SATURDAY 1o-9 
73oo SAN PEDRO 
694 S.W. MILITARY ORIVE 

(3 BLOCKS SOUTH OF N.W . LO O P 41o) 
(SH O PPiRS CITY MALL ACRO SS FROM SEARS) 
349-6634 
923-9837 

5? S U P IK 
S A L II S U P IK S A L II S U P IK SALK! S U P IK S A L II S U P IK SALCI S U P IK SALK! 
SALK! S U P IK SALK! 

A B D U L A Z IZ , left, so n -in -la w o f A b d u l K h aalis, one of the gu n m e n inside B ’nai B ’rith building, w atche s a police officer T h u rsd ay inspect b a g s o f gro ce rie s b e fore A u * ta k e s the fo o d to the Islam ic Center 
Moslem leader blasts m ovie 

CAIRO, Egypt (AP) - 
A prom inent Moslem leader on Thursday con­ demned the movie 
“ M oham m ad: 
M es­ senger of God” as ‘‘an insult to I s l a m . ” The showing of the movie in the United States has been halted g8 a demand made by a group of ter­ rorists holding about 13o persons hostage in three 
Washington, D.C., build­ ings. 
“ The general idea of the movie is that 
M oham m ad was a religous-minded social reformer and not what we believe him to be — a m an who received revelation from Allah,” said Sheikh Ibrahm Bat- tawi, a colleague of the 
Grand Sheikh of Al Az- bar, the theological seat of Islam. 
Defied 

“ Furthermore, his im­ mediate disciples were shown in the movie in defiance of the main rules of I s l a m , ” said 
Battawi. 
The Moslem leader made no reference lo the 
Hanafi Moslem terrorists holding the hostages in 
Washington. The demand that the movie not be shown since it offended their faith was only one of the demands made by the terrorists, 
Battawi criticized the film's cast anni asked 
“ how can persons whom we hold to be sacred be portrayed by a c tors known for their drunken­ ness, nam ely Anthony 
Quinn." 
Quinn plays H amza, the Prophet's uncle and a w arrio r who led c a m ­ paigns against idol wor­ shiping trills. 
Al Azhar and Saudi 
Arabia’s Islamic Council, composed of theologians th roughout the world, have o rdered Moslem countries to ban the movie. 

A H O S T A G E h au ls up a b o x o f fo o d b y ro p e to the to p flo o r o f the D istrict 
B u ild in g w h ile a m a n o n th e f lo o r b e n e a th u se s a b r o o m to p u sh th e b o x a w a y fro m the b u ild in g 
Hours o f terror end for woman 

DALLAS (AP) — Fae Hoffman, a former Dallas resident, spent hours waiting in terror barricaded along with four other persons in her office of the 
B’nai B'rith building in Washington while terrorists occupied the building until she wus released by a police 
SWAT team. 

But through a private telephone line in her office, Miss Hoffman, executive director of B’nai B’rith Women, talked to her mother in Dallas Wednesday. 
“ Late last night she called me again and she just said, ‘mom, I’m out’,” 
Mrs. Sylvia Hoffman said iii Dallas. 
Miss Hoffman was among dozens of persons who barricaded themselves iii different^ offices and escaped the ter­ rorists who took over the B’nai B’rith building and two other b u ild in g s nearby. 
The terrorists took scores of hos­ tages and were still holding them 
Thursday. 
“ I only talked to her for a few min­ utes,” Mrs. Hoffman said of the call by her daughter following the rescue, “ I c an’t e\en rem em b er how she said they were rescued.” 
Miss Huffman told newsm en she could not reveal how the re s c u e r s pulled her and her companions out of the building, “ because that escape 

 route must Im* maintained for others.’ 
Miss Hoffman later told newsnu she and the others in lier office ha barricaded themselves Wednesda around noon when someone dame dov the hall yelling, “ lock your door there are people in the building. 
Minutes later, she said, “ we hear three shots that sounded as if they hi been fired right outside the door.” 
She said the five persons inside tin shut the door aud piled desks, boo shelves and chairs against it. 
Then they waited. 
Using the private telephone line, si called the families of those in the of fit and also called police. 
She added: 
“ When it got dark outside, we Ii the lights off in the office and sat the in the dark, not saying anything, ben mostly so afraid someone in the ha way would hear us. 
‘Open up* 
She said late that night, “ we hea people out in the hall. They bald, \ are the police. Open up’. But we slav right where we were because we ii no way of telling who they were. A ft minutes later, they began pushing t door and when ii opened we could s that they were SWAT olficers hold! guns. 

Nice bank robber escapes 

SAN ANTONIO EXPRESS— Fridoy Morch I I I 977 
Poge I 5-A 

NICE, France (A P) — 
The self-confessed ring­ leader of last summer’s multimillion dollar Nice bank robbery jumped through a window at a magistrate’s office today and escaped on a motor­ cycle, authorities report­ ed. 

Officials said Albert 
Spaggiari . had been brought to the Nice courthouse for questioning when he leaped through the win­ dow, landed on the roof of a car IO feet below and escaped, apparently with the aid of an accomplice. 

Spaggiari, a photo­ grapher and former 
French paratrooper, was arrested in 
October, three months after a gang of underworld specialists tunneled through sewers and into the Nice branch of the 
Societe Generale. 

Your lawn will know the difference 

This year dont lust fertilize... 
MILORGANIZE 

M ilo rg a n ite is the w orld's nu m b er o n e naturally o rg an ic fe r tiliz e r...th e w orld's m ost co m p le te plant fo o d 
M il­ org an ite is e a s y to apply, is long lasting, and can n ot 

 burn 
It s the g olf co u rse ch o ice , and the ch o ic e of professional grass grow ers aRd if you asked you r grass, it'd be 

'm r 
" 
MILORGANITE 

 means quality, means economy, means efficiency. 

Initial reports said the gang escaped with $8-1o m illion. 
But sources reported in .January that the bank estimated the loss at $B million. Spag­ giari maintained they got away with $18 m illion, the sources said. 
Sp aggiari’s lawyer 

 claimed the robbery was planned to provide mon­ ey for a shadowy inter­ national rightist organ­ ization. 
Police set up road­ blocks on all roads lead­ ing from Nice, on the chic Fench Riviera. 
O fficials said Spag- 
6oo escape in 
U ganda ja ilb re a k 

NAIROBI. Kenya (A P ) - Some HUO prisoners escaped from a Ugandan jail 
Thursday after a spectacular raid by five Ugandan soldiers armed with ma­ chine guns, a Kenyan newspaper reported. 

Quoting unnamed Ugandan sources here, the Nairobi Daily Nation said in its Friday editions the soldiers had been approached by a wealthy Ugan­ dan businessman and asked if they could free his brother from Iganga 
Jail, near Jinja on the shore of Lake 
Victoria. 

The soldiers drove up to the prison gates Thursday afternoon in a civilian car, the paper said. Two of them, wearing civilian clothes, managed to talk their way in but were immediately held by prison guards. 

The three outside, however, opened fire and set off panic inside the jail, the paper said. As prison guards dived for cover a machine gun was thrown over the jail wall to the two soldiers inside. 
They ran into the prison building, fir­ ing at the guards, and released the businessman’s brother. 

They then ordered the prison gates opened and escaped in the waiting car. 
The Nation said that in the confusion and panic, 6oo other prisoners stormed out of the jail and escaped before the gates could be closed. 

According to sources, the newspaper said, at least four people — all believed to be prison guards — were wounded in the raid. 
There was no independent confir­ mation here of the Nation story. 

 giari, 
45, has been brought to the courthouse every Thursday for in­ terrogation for several months. As is customary in France, the guards removed his handcuffs during the interrogation, officials said. 

Seven other persons, including two women, were charged in the July 
17-18 case, dubbed “ the robbery of the century’’ because of the amount of the loot. 

At the time of his ar­ rest, police quoted Spag­ giari as saying he planned the robbery for 
18 months and had an accomplice recruit about 
2o persons for the job. 

Raid 

Police said they had recovered “ un important part” of the loot in a raid at a villa IO miles from 
Nice. But they never revealed the amount. 
According to police, 
Spaggiari, a veteran of the Indochina and Alger­ ian wars, was associated with “ La Catena.’’ a right-wing group said to be based in Turin, Italy and devoted to helping rightists, particularly in 
Italy and Yugoslavia. 

R u m o r 

Margaret Trudeau, wife of Canadian Prime Min­ ister Pierre Elliot Tru­ deau, steps out of a cab at a )hoto studio in 
Manhattan Thursday. 
Wednesday night, she went to New York’s City 
Center to see Soviet de­ fector Mikhail Barysh- niknov dance with the 
Eliot Feld Ballet. Mrs. 
Trudeau and Mick Jag ­ ger of the Rolling Stones profess to be mystified at rumors circulating that they are having an affair. — AP Wirepho­ to. 

FABRIC WAREHOUSE 

'A 

/ / v 

LOOK FORWARD zto 

PRICES GOOD FRI., MARCH HTH 
THRU THURS., MARCH 17TH 

CRAYON 

D A N RIVERS 
PULL BOLTS 
M ACH IN E W ASH 

47% POI YESTER- 47% COTTON- 6 % ACRYLIC 

4 5 " 
I WIDE 
1 49 
FULL 
PIECE S I 
I YO. 
PRICE 
I 

CUT 
TO 
ORDER | 

 f V )U 
5o°/° 

, t " W O E 

T O P *"**’ 

 p V lO L fc S 

GET READY FOR THE EASTER PARADE NOW. 
LINEN LOOK 
BY FAIRTEX MILLS 

HOAtony 

PRINTS 

\ 

 o 

WW ma 
OR 
YO 

CVH 
IO 

 mo 
DOUBLE KNITS 
1oo% POLYESTER...6o" WIDE . FULL BOLTS 
MACHINE WASH 

? o * 

• 
. I 
£ PHO* 

WE 
DISCOUNT 
AU 
PATTERNS & 
NOTIONS 
EVERYDAY 

AU 
MERCHANDISE fULLY 
GUARANTEED 

TO tot 

B U T T O N S 

FULL 
PIECE 
PRICE 
$ o 9 8 
CUT 
TO 
YO. ORDER 

A U ON CARDS 

 c a r d s 

 a s s , 
S t OO 

DENIMS—W U BOLTS 

$ 1 « 9 

TO 
69 cuT 
W " 
ORDER 
PRICE 
YO 

FULL a 
PIECE 
S 
YD 
, oo-, cot. 

O 

A BEAUTIFUL WOVEN POLYESTER....SOUD COLORS 

FROM BURLINGTON/KLOPMAN 
NOVELTY CRACKED ICE PATTERN ON 1oo% POLYESTER 

C RA C KED ICE' S O U D P O LY 

6o" WIDE 
FULL BOLTS 

MANIS ASSORTED PRINTS & SOLIDS aa O ft( 
YD 
PRICE m 
M K P 

CUT- 
♦ 
TO 

PRE-EASTER VALUE: 

NEW 7 7 SPRING PATTERNS 
FULL BOLTS 6o” WIDE 
65% POLYESTER 
35% COTTON 

$ o 29 wit $ o 
I ptici h 
■ 
YD PBlCf 
“ 

4 4 CUT TO 
ORDER 
YD. 
PRICE 

1oo% COTTON. 

YD 

AIL ON BOLTS 

CUT TO 
ORDER 
PRICE 

T ER R Y CLOTH — FUU. BOLTS 
IJ H aa *219 
A i 
YD. 
PRICE 
O M YD. 

D R A P E R Y SH EER S 

GOOD COLOR SELECTION 

CUT TO 
ORDER 
PRICE 
5 o 

85% COTTON— 15% POLYESTER— 45" WIDE 

 t 

YO. 
PRICE 
^ 
^ 
YD. 

1oo% POLYESTER—45" WIDE 

FULL 
PIECE 
PRICE 

SXCITIMC MFW SPRING 

PATTERNS 
45 " WIDE 
FULL BOLTS 
5o% POLYESTER 
5o% COTTON 
AMERITEX 
SPRING FANTASIES 
PRINTS 

M il 

ALL NEW 
FULL BOLTS 
SPRING COLORS 
WITH 
VISA* FINISH 
SOLID COLORS 
6o" WIDE 
"DOESKIN JR.' 

FAMOUS SOUD AMD FANCY B O V IN A 

PERMANENT PRESS 
5o% POLYESTER 
5o% COTTON 
TOP AND BOTTOM WEIGHT 
SPORTSWEAR 

45" WIDE 
$ | | 9 
S | 3 9 

o 9 CUT TO 

CXDC! 
M itt 

FULL BOLTS 

PUU 
PUCE 
PRICE 

CUT TO 
ORDER 
PRICE 
I 
TABLES & TABLES OF REMNANTS 
5o< 
A A t 
FULL 
PIECE 
YD PRICE 

REMNANTS OF UNDETERMINED 

FIBER CONTENT 

CUT TO 
ORDER 
PRICE 

S A V A ON THIS 

BIO S n iC T IO N ... 
O U TSTAN D IN G NEW PATTERNS 
FULL BOLTS 1oo% COTTON 

4 8 ''- 5 4 " P R IN T E D 

BEST REMNANTS 

OUK REGULAR l l . 19/1-39 fabric warehouse 

( l 

DRAPERY 

 f i n 

 rn 
YO 
88' Ss 98, 

CUT TO 
ORDER 

98' YO 
W M 

4 4 

YO. 

PU U 
Plies 
PRICE 

CUT TO ■ 
ORDt i ; 
PRICE 
• 

REMNANT OF UNDETERMINED 
FIBER CONTENT 

MISSION 
NURSERIES 
Northside 
12823 
Nacogdoches 
6 5 5 -8 3 2 3 

2 COMPLETE 
GARDEN CENTERS 
TO SERVE YOU 

Southside 
2919 

Mission Rd. 
9 2 4 -3 1 8 1 

Colorful 
Annual 
Bedding 
Plants 

Choose from Petunias, Dianthus, M a rig o ld , 
V e rb en ia , Phlox, Etc. Ind. P otted 6 Plants p er tra y. 

 tray or trays for $4 .o o 
VEGETABLE PLANTS 

TO M A T O PLANTS 
Big Boy 
Cherry 
Better Boy 
Spring Giant 
Patio 
Big Set 
Homostood 
Nowmoto* 

69< 

SPECIAL 
Soil 
Conditioner 
• Breaks up tight soil 
• Adds vital nutrition 
GRAND l,«" * 
PRIZE® £ 2 

Reg. low 

Price 13.19 

SALE PRICE 
S O 
Q 
O 
5o lh. 
A e # © 

PEPPER PLANTS 
Bell 
Bane 
Jalapeno 
Cayenne 

Individually Potted 
I15‘«*. 6t.,69'l 

HANGING 

BASKETS 

Growing full of plants, all 

 varieties, these are super 

 full, many blooming types, 

Fern, Swedish Ivy, Begonia, 

 etc. 

PATIO STONES 

 and Concrete Curbing 

2 foot scollop curb plain ... 864 
2 loot dome curb plain .... 1.o6 
12”*I2" glom patio block.. 694 
12"«24" plain patio Week.. 1.38 
12" round plain step stone 694 
IS" round plain step stone 1.88 
3' tree ring (4 piece) 
S.31 
5'tree ring (B piece) 1o.13 

 for o few cents more we alto hove the obove in red, green and pebble top 

Geraniums: In Bud 4 Bloom 
Choose tram Red, Salmon, Pink, lushia. 4" Pot Site. 
Z/PP 

98 tach 

OXY 8-8-8 
LAWN 
FOOD 

$188 
FULL 
$ I 
PIECE w jI 98 CUT To 
J 
ORDER 
'T-SHIRT' 

I 
......... 
I ■I 
I 
YD. 
PRICE 
II 
YD. 
YARD 
KNITS 
I 

8 8 8 

I AWN f OOO 

o i» I I I law* 1**1 
•* • taate toto helen. tai larttaiau 
I*. 
(aecial UM •* I* WX I 
•t wall at tau treat a a l tkrwht lf dale I ta f t amala heatthiei lur* 
**1 
(Jean with 
U.aaeei taal tyttam t 
(a atalet I S wltau It 
Mai* aramaic praetor alani ta a l ettfoenrf 
M lh S a t Caner. 
J OOO i t Ti 
Super Sale Prue 
‘3.98 

Price Per Ton..*3.5o Per Bag 

Garden Preparation 

Sheep Manure, Steer 

Manure, Both Composted 

4o lb. Bags 
*1 .8 9 
..r h 

Spectral 

 caibi! 

SSIB— 
OS.. 

1 

Controls 
Chinch bugs, sodweb worms, earwigs, white grubs, ond mony other. 
12V» bag treats 
25oo sq. ft. 

Reg. Low, price $7.98 
Super Sale Price 
‘6.75 

ROSES 

Climbers, Florebundat, 

Hybird leas, Grondifloras 

Growing in 2 got. containers 

Non-Patented 35 varieties. 
•2 .1 9 

Patented Varieties 
$3c5o .aw 

PAMPAS* GRASS 

Blooms forge white plume like 

 flowers Everybody* favorite 

I Gal.................... *1.98 

5 Gal.................... 7.98 

PITTOSPORUM 

Green or Variated 

Very full fresh plants great for 

 landscaping 

I gal. size 
‘ 1.98 

5 gal size 
7.98 

SANTOUNA 

Green or Grey, I gal. size. 
Very nice 
*2.69 

...loc groan*?, hoalthiar lawns 

 itio a f la I avtnaaft 
• Uitraae* 
• t alf (heath ate 
• Peteah a laMvu 
• luau 
• baa a Mataatiwa 
(tfwi 1.ooo at lf tutgaiiad 
Raton *e es o u i ne tee 
$ 7 .9 3 

 with CHINCH BUG 
CONTROL tau arcane, heart hoer ie wries 
Ideal rn I anima ti a tOlraaa* a retain tahiti a daleth a WNfX 
• {tar a aaa 

(antra 1,ooo at ** t u a g a if a C 
■ a to ll S U O S 
OU* M K I 
$8.93 

Z/PP writ 

WHO and FEED lot aroonof, wood-fro* law 

Itreet ta J ant. taal i 

 a atli aaa* a tai, .he Wha to a daleth a tattuf 
• Im 
• hat a Mafaaawat 

( a n t i 1.ooo at ti 
S u M a l t 
■ affaire os 
O J A M i a 
$8.95 

SUMMER COLOR 

PLANTS 

 la n t a n a 
Trailing 
o1 yellow, lavender, I gal s 
*2.69 

HIBISCUS 

I gallon container size, very 

 nice tor hot sunny areas 
*2.98 

B O U G A N V I L L A 

I gallon sue, very full, 

 beautiful foliage 

 with VAHEY VIEW' 

DESIGN a m CONSTRUCT 
BETTER LANDSCAPES 

4 - 1 
‘ 
.v s ?™ 

% r 

*2.98 

Black 
Polyethylene Bed 

D iv id e r K its 

Includes 2o length of divider, 3 metol 

 stokes ond one connector plug 

 wa of * I POM** 

CALADIUM 

BULBS 

Many colors to choose from 

 fresh, should be planted now 

# I size ................................. 394 
Jumbo Size 
694 
Mammoth size 
994 

SAN ANTONIO EXPRESS— Friday March I I I 977 

Junior Jumpsuits, Jumpers and 
Dresses at savings of 1/3, 1/2 and More! 

Orig. 16.oo to 32.oo, styles range from bright 'n pretty to sweet and sassy. Lots or colors, looks and fabrics from which to choose...at these low prices you'll want several! Sizes 5 to 13, Juniors. 

DISTRICT OF C O LU M B IA M a y o r W a lte r W ash in g to n plays the w aiting gam e surrounded by newsm en inside the em ergency com m and post in W ashington Thursday night w hile m onitoring the situation 
Look at the great Spring Coordinates for 
Juniors at Very Special Prices! This terrific special purchase of spring fresh separates lets you build a warm-weather wardrobe for very little money. Put together crisp polyester gabardine blazers, vests, skirts, belted and basic pants in pretty yellow or green. Then add a coordinate shirt or two in prints, stripes or solids. All in sizes 5 to 13, Juniors. 

Siege strategy: 
Wait them out 

 repeated. 
Tho first rule a p p e a r s to ho n eg o ti a­ tion. “ lf they a r e not a b s o l u t e l y e n ­ da ngering tho lives of tho h o stag es In­ dir e c t a s s a u l t , th e is su e is to n e g o ­ tiate.” Kobetz said. 
Won over 
Murphy, head of the non-profit foun­ dation which prom otes re s e a rc h on law- enforcem en t probl em s, said police a re being won over to the notion of talking instead of shooting. 
“ T h e y ' r e m u c h m o r e r e a d y to use the patient, restr ain ed , wait- th em -o ut approach and it has been s u c c e s sfu l," 
Murphy said. “ I w ould n’t pre te n d that all the officers down through the ra n k s h a ve be en c o n v e r t e d . In t h e l o c k e r room, you'll probably still h e a r things like ‘They should have ru s h e d t h e m . ’ 
But their c o m m a n d e r s h av e c h a n g e d a n d they a r e a b le to c o n tr o l th e of­ ficers.’’ 
Som e law e n fo r c e m e n t officers and politicians resist the idea of giving in to the d e m a n d s of c rim inals . 
Paramount 
But M urphy said. “ T h e protecti on o f the lives o f the hostages is p a r a m o u n t . 
The protec ti on of an in n o c e n t life is c onsidere d m o r e i m p o r t a n t t h a n the escape* of a g u n m a n . " 
So w h e n a g u n m a n in C l e v e l a n d d e m a n d e d to talk to P r e s id e n t C a rte r , the Presid ent telep ho ned h im but only after the hostage was released. 
W h e n t h e l l a n a f i M o s l e m s in t h e 
Washington siege d e m a n d e d c a n c e l la ­ tion of the m o v ie a b o u t t h e p r o p h e t 
M o h a m m e d , the movie w a s canceled. 
But the llan afi M o s le m s also w a n t seven men. convicted of killing llanafi 
Mos lem w o m en an d c h il d r e n , t u r n e d over to th em for revenge. 
“ T h a t ' s a n i m p o s s i b l e d e m a n d , ’’ 
M u r p h y c o m m e n t e d 
In s u c h c a s e s , n e g o t i a t o r s m u s t s t a ll , m u s t a v o i d saying yes o r no. aud m u s t try to get t h e g u n m e n to s c a l e d o w n t h e i r d e m a n d s , lie suggested. 
In general, “ the g u n m e n ' s attitu d e s ch ange as tim e p a s s e s ." he continued. 
“ T h e y ’re c h a r g e d up at fi rs t but as they sit th ro u g h hou rs and ho urs , they wear dow n." 
P syc ho lo g y is p la y i n g a n i n c r e a s ­ ingly im p o rta n t role i i i h o sta g e n e g o ­ ti a tio n s. A p s y c h o l o g is t in t h e New 
Y o r k C it y P o l i c e D e p a r t m e n t , D r. 
H a r v e y S e h l o s s b e r g , is g e n e r a l l y credited with developing th e n e g o tia t­ ing pro cedures now used by m o s t m e ­ tropolitan police forces. 
Once the t e r ro ri s t b egin s ta lk in g to police, negotiators pick up clu es ab out 
Ins motives, his s ta te of m i n d , what actions are likely to a n g e r h im , what might satisfy him. 

WASHINGTON (A P) - With lessons from psychology, most big-city police d e p a r t m e n t s have develope d w a y s to deal with te rrorists holding host ages. 
Waiting is one of the m o s t i m p o r t a n t techniques. 
“ Patience is the a nsw e r, th a t is the b a s i c i n g r e d i e n t , ’’ s a i d P a t r i c k V. 
Murphy, pre sid ent of the Police F o u n ­ d a t i o n a n d f o r m e r p o l i c e c o m m i s ­ sioner of New York City. 
“ T h e m o r e t i m e th a t g o e s by, the b e t t e r th e c h a n c e for a s u c c e s s f u l solution." said R ichard W. Kobetz. an assistant dir ecto r of the Intern atio nal 
Association ol Chiefs of Police a nd an authority on train ing police in d eali ng with terrorists. 
Two ways 

In interviews T h u rsd a y , the tv\o d is ­ c u s s e d w a y s of d e a l i n g w i t h an e x ­ pected increase i i i terrori st tact ics in the United States. 
As they spoke, llanafi M o s le m t e r ­ rorists continued to hold m o re th a n RHI hostages iii three buildings iii tin* n a ­ tion’s capital. 
Kobetz said most m e tropolit an police forces h a ve o ff ice rs t r a i n e d to d e a l with hostage operations an d s o m e have a d d e d p s y c h o l o g i s t s to tilt* f o r c e to provide advice on the te r r o r i s ts m e n ­ tal state. 
B u t m a n y s m a l l e r p o l i c e d e p a r t ­ ments have had little if any tr a in i n g in th e fi eld, p a r t l y b e c a u s e of m o n e y shortages and personnel c u tb a c k s , he added. 
T e rro r ism in the United State s is a phenomenon of the 197(ls a nd police a re still s e a r c h i n g for t h e b e s t w a y s of handling it. Kobetz said. 
Yet s o m e b a s i c p r o c e d u r e s h a v e p r o v e n s u c c e s s f u l a n d a r e b e i n g 
HARPER 

Continued fr om P a g e I V 

 next JU days, then we ll probably have to foreclose." 
O th er cre ditors include W inte r G a r ­ den Production Credit Assn. of Cotulla and N ava rro Sav ings and Loan Assn. of 
Corsicana. 
Security for the loans includes the feedlot. M ave ric k Beef P a c k e rs , Inc., and land owned by H a rp e r, m e m b e r s of his family and associates. 
One source said he ha d not seen the letter of c o m m i t t m e n t fr o m the union but had dis cu ssed it with the Chicago bank. 
He said a bank official said the loan was for Pl per cent interest or 4 per cent over the New Y ork p r i m e rate, whichever is g re a ter. 

Tops to Make Your Head Spin at 
Scoop ‘rn-up Prices! Orig. 6.oo to 15.oo this wide, wide selection of Junior top looks includes all the styles you want for spring and summer. Long and short sleeves, cotton knits, nylon and woven shirts plus an array of disco tops and just fun tops. All in an assortment of solids and patterns, colors galore! 
Hurry in for several, sizes S M 
I , 
5 to 13, Juniors. 

Brake Check will be closed tomorrow, 
Saturday, in respect­ ful memory of Fred 
Bell, Chairman of the 
Board of Directors of 
Brake Check, and his revered wife Mary 
Helen, both recent victims in a fatal accident. 

Special Buy Pants in Several Great 
Styles by Smart Parts. 
We've specially purchased this group of spring thru summer pants just for Rhodes 
Days, just for you! Take your pick of polyester gabardines or cottons in belted and unbelted styles. Match them up with our sale tops! A great choice of colors, sizes 5 to 13, Juniors. 

North Star Ut W onderland Shop M on Sat IO to 9, Rhodes O w n#* Bank American. Master Charr#*, American Express 
An c /W k f a C Compony 

IA N ANTONIO EXPRESS— Fridov March ll 1977 
Page- I 7-A 

Save 34o.oo on our Contemporary 4-pc. Modular Seating Group. 

Only at Rhodes! This terrific designer-look set, compact enough for any room, includes a 95 in. sofa, 6o-in, one-arm section and 

 two 26 x 26-in. ottomans. Earthtone fabric with 13 loose pillow- backs coordinated in brown and beige. Deep-seated comfort. 

Orig. 1339.oo 
999.oo 

59.oo 
Save 4o.95 to 7o.95 on our Quality Constructed Simmons 
Mattresses. With patented adjustable firm construction (253 coils to full size), sag resistant borders and durable floral ticking. 
Sizes: 
Reg. 
SA L E 
Twin mattress or foundation............... 
89.95 ea 
59.oo ea. 
Full mattress or foundation................. 119.95 ea...... 79.oo ea. 
Queen mattress plus foundation............ 299.95 set..... 229.oo set 

King mattress plus 2 foundations 
399.95 set 
329.oo set 

Save 2o.oo on Brass Finish 
Floor Lamps. Elegant in two styles: traditional, 59-in., 6-way switch, pleated fabric/vinyl shade or 54-in. 

 swing-arm bridge lamp, 3-way switch, pleated fabric/vinyl shade. 
Orig. 59.99, your choice 
39.99 
Southwestern Design Bean Pot 

Table Lamps. Genuine textured 

 pottery base, pleated fabric/ vinyl shade, 3-way switch, 27-in. 

 tall, terra cotta or oyster, 
Orig. 5o.oo ea. 
39.99 

UMM 

388.oo 

Save 162.oo on our Southwestern Design Loose Pillowback Sofa. 

Orig. 55o.oo. Only at Rhodes! 84 in. sofa with reversible polyester 

 wrapped seat cushions, durable beige tone Herculon. Quality 

 construction. 

(Not shown:) 
299.oo 
Save 15o.oo on our Versatile Full Size Sleeper Sofa. 

Orig. 449.oo. Impressive 76-in. sofa opens to sleep two on 53x72in. 

 firm foam mattress. Roll arm styling, reversible seat cushions, durable 

 durable light earthtone fabric. 
Matching 6o-in, Loveseat, orig. 42o.oo, now 288.oo 

Save 81.oo, Medallion 5-pc. Patio Set...........................399.oo 
Orig. 48o.oo set. "Maintenance free" 42-in. plexiglass umbrella 

 table, solid aluminum base, 4 comfortable armchairs. 5/8 in. solid aluminum frames, non-rusting, virgin vinyl strapping, fade 

 and mildew resistant. Durable yellow finish. 

Formby Furniture Refinishing K it................................. 17.88 

Reg. 24.4o, save 6.5o. The famous economy pack with refinisher, gloves, pan, special tung oil, cleaner, steel wool, drop 

 cloth. It's easy! 
Noah Std» & Wonderland Shop Mon Silt IO to 9. Rhodes Charge BankAmericard, Master Charge, American Express 
An 
Company 

A look at the religious sects 

Several groups linked to the Moslem religion have been named in connec­ tion with the terrorist occupation of three buildings in Washington. Here is a look at them: 

Hanafi Moslems: a small, mostly black group founded by Khalifa 
Hamaas Abdul Khaalis, leader of the terrorists, about IO years ago in New 
York City. The Hanafis, who number about 1.ooo, consider themselves the only true followers of Islam , the religion founded by the prophet 
Mohammed in 622. They follow a li­ teral interpretation of the Koran. 

Black Muslims: Known formally as the World Community of Islam in the 

West, the group was founded in Detroit in 1931 by Wali Farad, believed to be an orthodox Moslem who was born in 
Mecca. 
Chief developer of the movement was Elijah Muhammad, who became leader in 1934. During 
Elijah Muhammad's lifetim e, the 
Black Muslims were antiwhite and limited membership to nonwhites. Ab­ dul Khaalis said he broke with the 
Black Muslims over the race issue. 
After Elijah’s death, his son, Herbert 
D. Muhammad, allowed whites to join the religion. 
Sunni Moslems: one of two main branches of orthodox Moslem, the 
Sunnis represent the mystic wing. It is possible for a member of the Hanafi 
Moslems to be a Sunni. 

 w Jm m & k r n 

I 
I 
THREE a m b assad o rs w ho m et with gunm en and aided w ith an e a rly se ttlem en t sh ow their joy o u tsid e the 
Islam Center. From left are P a k istan ’s Sah ab zad a Y a - 
2 ub-Khan, E gyp t’s A sh raf G horbal and Ira n ’s Ardeshir ahedl. 
HOSTAGES 

Continued from Page IA the settlement, but Mayor Walter Wa­ shington said: “ I didn’t give up anyth­ ing. what I got was 134 citizens alive 
.... I just think time was on our side and the Lord was on our side.” 
Peter Flaherty, who is slated to be deputy attorney general in the Jimmy 
Carter administration, said no promises were made to the gunmen, who numbered no more than a dozen. 
Religion 
But while he would not disclose de­ tails, he indicated that “ religious per­ suasion may have entered into it.” 
The negotiations that led to the hos­ tages’ release took place in the B ’nai 
B rith lobby, eight floors below the unfinished cafeteria where more than 
IOO had been held. 
Khalifa Hamaas Abdul Khaalis. leader of the Hanafi Moslems, took part in those discussions, but Fly said not everything was worked out at that time. 
He said after police officials and the ambassadors left B ’nai B ’rith and re­ turned to police headquarters there were more phone calls to the terror­ ists. 
It was during that time, Flaherty said. that the negotiators “ got the men to lay down their arms.” 
About a dozen doctors and nurses were waiting at George Washington 
University Hospital as those hostages who needed medical care began arriv­ ing in a blare of sirens. 
Hospitals had been alerted Thursday night when the meeting was called and off-duty doctors were called in. 
“ We had an awful lot of people on that negotiating team,” the police chit said. “ The greatest help that we got came out of the diplomatic communi­ ty We had three ambassadors that just helped tremendously.” 
Mayor Washington also praised the diplomats. 
“ This is a great day for all of us. The ambassadors were really beautiful. 
They read poetry. They read the Ko­ ran.” 
The terrorists demands were never really very clear. But in the back­ ground of the drama lay a shooting in 
1973 when seven members of the Han- ufl sect. including five children, were killed. Four Black Muslims, members of a much larger religious order with whom the Hanaiis had been feuding, were conv icted of murder 
Vengeance 
Abdul Khaalis said he wanted ven­ geance. 
He demanded to see Wallace 
Muhammad, the leader of the Black 
Muslims, and heavyweight boxing champion Muhammad AU. Wallace 
Muhammad came to the Washington area Thursday, hut apparently never met with Ahdul Khaalis. All said he didn t want to be involved aud stayed in Los Angeles. 
Asked how he got Abdul Khaalis to drop hts demand to have the Black 
Muslims turned over to him, Uullmane said: " I think that he understood the futility of a demand like that. And during the negotiations and after you get everything quieted down and logic starts tukmg over, then I believe he undersold that9“ 

Abdul Khaalis did get satisfaction on two other demands, however. The mo­ tion picture “ Mohammad, Messenger of God,” was withdrawn from theaters and he was refunded the $75o fine that w as imposed on him for shouting at the defendants in the Black Muslim murder trial. 
During the siege, four hostages complained of chest pains and were released by their capv tors. 
The man killed in the early hours was Maurice Williams, 24. a black reporter for the Howard University radio station. W11UR. He was shot as he stepped off an elvator on the fifth floor of the city hall. 
Another shot struck Marion Barry, a city councilman, and the bullet stopped just a quarter inch from his heart. He lived. 
No more hate 
As the hostages were taken away in the ouses, a woman boarding one bus yelled: “ I used to hate cops, but you have a wonderful police department.” 
Other hostages smiled and waved and their relatives enthusiastically re­ turned the greetings. 
Less- than an hour after they were released. 6(1 to 7o hostages, mostly from B ’nai B'rith, had been brought to 
George Washington University Hospi­ tal. 
“ To my knowledge, the people were taken care of,” said Dr. Leonard A 
Wisneski, chief resident. “ Most seem to be in pretty good shape.” 
Reporters saw three busloads of hostages at the hospital and four peo­ ple being carried in on stretchers. 
A jubilant Mayor Washington said: 
“ Now that we’ve got everybody out, 
I'm going back and liberate our dis­ trict building.” The city hall and sur­ rounding blocks had been cordoned off to all traffic during the drama. 
Before the negtiations, the gunmen apparently were set for a long siege. 
Farber rn the evening mattresses were brought in. The hostages had been provided by the police with food and medicine that — in the case of the dis­ trict building — had been pulled up in cardboard boxes from below 
Food and cigarettes were sent to the hostages and their captors during the day. At the mosque there was a $2o lunch of wheat bread, eggs, bananas, apples and dates. 
In addition to Zahedi, the ambas­ sador who took part in the negotiations were Egypt’s Ashraf A Ghorbal and 
Pakistan’s Yaghoub Khan. 
'n Iranian Embassy spokesman said the Carter administration had asked the ambassadors to enter the negotiations. While ghouse Press 
Secretary Judy Powell said the Stale 
Department simply approved their role. He said the gunmen had wanted the ambassadors involved. 
“ They were just outstanding,” the police chief said of the diplomats. “ To find a group of people that are in the diplomatic community that would come to our assistance when someth­ ing was of a local nature, or at least it was a United States problem, it was just terrific. 
“ They helped us in the negotiations. 
He had a strong bond to them being brother Moslems. I just can’t say too much*for them.” 

..... 
M.* 
•. 

Friday Mprch I I 1977 
San Antonio Express 
EDITORIALS 

William J. Reddell 
Editor o f E d ito ria l P ag e 

Charlei O . Kilpatrick 
Ed ito r an d Publisher 

George Carmack 
Associate Editor 

Pane I. Burt 
M a n a g in g Editor 
W ashington terror a thing o f the times 

The chilling fact about ter­ rorism in Washington this week is that such an outrage is possi­ ble just about anywhere. 
The right to bear arm s in 
America has been so grossly abused that angry persons can assemble — and use — an ar­ senal virtually at will. The dan­ gerous and indefensible condi­ tion is that where punishment for crim e is relatively easy, prevention is practically impos­ sible in a free society. 
Revenge is a powerful drive and that appears to be the motive behind the madness in 
Washington. Tragically, black­ mail begets blackmail as vio­ lence begets violence. There can be no set program for dealing with crazed people to avoid fu­ ture tragedy. 
When hostages are in danger, it is a job. for specialists who often have to improvise. 
Proliferation of guns, almost to a point of gun-worship, makes 

 the assembly of an arsenal ea­ sier in A m erica than in any 
European country, for example. 
And a handful of guns make madmen a far greater threat to lives of peaceful citizens than ought to be tolerated. 
Since the country isn't likely to make gun ownership respon­ sible and accountable, we have to brace for episodes like the gunman in Indiana who held a loan official at bay for days, and the Ohio gunm an who finally released a hostage after a tele­ phone call from the President. 

We don’t believe there is an effective deterrent to prevent tragedy such as W ashington’s m ightm are, except as we can reduce the danger of crazed persons by denying tools of ter­ ror. The so-called SWAT can handle some crises but where life means little, even they need more help than skill alone can provide. 
D efensible borders for Israel might be possible in time 

Among the most-troublesome of the world’s trouble spots is the Middle East. 
This week. clarification seem ed to be em ergin g from potentially-explosive d evelop­ ments in which the United 
States has a stake. 
Israel’s Prim e Minister Ra­ bin visited President Carter and got assurances, of support for 
“ defensible b o r d e r s.’’ 
Mr. 
Carter explained his reference was to a phased withdrawal of 
Israelis from most of the occu­ pied territory taken in 1973. 
Defensible borders in Israeli terms are conditions as much as geography. 
Rabin has consistently said everything is negotiable except 
Israel’s survival. That item, Is­ rael's survival, has to be realis­ tically em broidered into any long-term arrangements for 
Middle East policy. 
There are a few good signs. 
King Hussein of Jordan and the recently-battered 
PLO leader, Yasar Arafat, sat down to dinner in Cairo — the first time that pair had met since 

Hussein drove the PLO out of 
Jordan a half dozen years ago. 
Saudi Arabia finessed Libya and Iraq, the Soviet-leaning clients in the Middle East, into isolation at the just-ended 
Airo-Arab summit in Cairo. The 
Saudis, playing a m oderate pro-Western role, led the Afro- 
Arab group to assume it would be miserly with aid to the Afri­ cans. Al the strategic moment, they pledged $1 billion to Afri­ can development, and Kuwait, 
Qatar and the United Arab 
Emirates pledged an added $4oo million. 
The Africans want economic aid. The Soviets were in position lo offer military assistance. 
Emphasis switches from mi­ litary to economic rivalry. Ara­ fat, whose power has been shock troops and terrorists, has been subdued. 
The 
Saudis appear interested in dealing with a de­ feated Arafat linked to Jordan, which earlier subdued him. 
D efensible Israeli borders are still to be found. Israel won’t retreat if it m eans hazard to survival. 

Where to put betting revenue 

Bexar m em bers of the Le­ gislature have expressed con­ cern about where prospective revenues to the state would go if horse track betting is returned to Texas. 

We can see no reason for putting the fund anywhere but in the General Revenue Fund. It is the general fund that has to make up for stack in other areas of budgeting and those funds are subject to the appropriation process. Legislators should keep 

‘And right at a time when we could use some applause!' 
Baptist beliefs 

 enough flexibility in the general fund to be able to make respon­ sive and responsible budget de­ cisions. 
Race-track revenues to the state will be relatively insignifi­ cant, in any case, and it would be prudent for the legislators to encourage comprehensive in­ quiry and debate on the entire economic case for pari-mutuels. 
But earmarked funds needlessly encumber revenues and fore­ close on legislative responsibili­ ty. 

Sir: R o bert F ra n k lin (L e tte rs . 
March 8) is mistaken when he says all 
Southern Baptists are “ conservative. 
Caucasian Christians.” 
U niversal City B ap tist C h urch, where I ain a member, has blacks in 
Sunday school, church services and the choir. 
Each Southern Baptist church is locally au ton om ous with its own constitution and bylaws. Mr. Franklin is wrong to assume that they are all anti-black from Only one well-publi­ cized account. 
Eldridge Cleaver had an experience of faith and accepted when asked to record his experience for Good News 
Texas without monetary reward. 
I’m sorry that Mr. Franklin hasn't had such an experience and c a n ’t believe in God. Ile is missing deep peace and personal satisfaction. 
Mrs. Helen Birchfield 

Story called 
J serinonette 

Sir: The text for this sermonette is written in the Express-News (March 5) item under headline. Sprague aide says she was UBG informant, and reads: 

“ Gonzalez resigned as c h a irm a n . 
Wednesday after attem pting unsuc­ cessfully last month to fire Sprague, and the House will vote next week on whether to accept Gonzalez’ resigna­ tion. It is possible that the committee will lease to exist at the end of this month when its funding runs out.” 

Dearly Beloved Taxpayers: What the taxpayers need is a tax break, That saving draws votes, but is that what taxpayers need? Piffle! 

What taxpayers need is a radical cutout of the monkey business by elected officials in Washington. The text c le a rly shows that m onkey business is ongoing. Your sermonizer is not prepared to accuse anyone spe­ cifically; however, a job was assigned to the House A ssassin atio ns Com ­ mittee. then m embers liegan to assas­ sinate each other's character. The job assigned has not begun. 
The name-calling continues. Taxpayers continue to feed the treasury for this monkey business.* Mr. Gonzalez be­ comes angry when someone hints at his resigning — then Mr. Gonzalez turns around and resigns. 

The text clearly says, “ it is possible that the committee will cease lo exist at the end of this month when its funding runs out.” ” 

Taxpayers have a right lo something better than that, Why should funds Im * allocated to a committee which can't even get started on its job? lf and w hen funds are allocated, said funds should 
In* used for the purpose allocated, not for fig hts betw een co m m itte e memlHTs. 

Your serm onizer herewith recom ­ mends that the House accept Mr. 
Gonzalez* resignation, without com ­ ment; that the committee be dissolved forthwith; that the funds remaining tx* placed into a new fund, titled, Fiasco 
Funds; that as and if and whenever other committees fail to execute their 

------ 

TO THE EDITOR 

L etters to th is n e w s p o p e r sh o u ld b o sh o rt a n d th o y m u tt b o lifn e d . Initials o n ly w ill b e u s e d a t w ritor*s re q u e s t. C o rrect a d d r e s t a n d te le p h o n e n u m b e r fo r id en tifica tio n o f le tte rs a r e n e e d e d , l e t t e r s w ill b e e d ite d fo r le n g th , g o o d ta s t e a n d le g a l re a s o n s . 
A d d ress: te t t e r s to th e e d ito r, P.O. Boa 2 1 7 1 , S an 
A n to n io , TX TB I9 7 . 

 assignments, such funds be channeled into the Fiasco Funds and be rebated to the taxpayers, annually. 
That should (I) force committees to do their work. Or (2) force them to close shop. And (3) taxpayers would not have to keep on paying for monkey business of the Congress — all of which should add up to a sizable taxbreak. 
Kurt C. Ilartmann 

Council hit on bus issue 

Sir: 'I’lie 6-3 vote of the City Council to recommend that the Transit System stop chartering buses to the Friedrich 
Co. for use by their employes who wish lo cross the union strikers’ picket line 

 is totally reprehensible and a disser­ vice to the community. 
It is evident, in view of the fact that the Council previously refused to sanction such an illegal stoppage, thai the spectre of union violence created by the presence of over 3oo demon­ strators has succeeded in (intimidating the majority of the City Council. 
The honorable exceptions to this display of intellectual and moral timi­ dity are Mayor Cockrell and Council­ men Pyndus and Nielsen, who should be commended for refusing to betray the voters' trust in their devotion to the common good. 
It makes one feel ashamed of our city governm ent when one contem ­ plates7 the fact that it is actually pro­ posing that the city violate the law of the land and the constitutional rights of one group of citizens, the non­ strikers. in order to further the special p riv ileg es of an o th e r g ro u p , the strikers. 
Every citizen of San Antonio who is concerned with truth, justice, and the welfare of the city should inform the m e m b e rs of the Council and the trustees of the Transit System that they should refuse to be intimidated from doing their duty as custodians of the city. 
Robert Paul Sicurello 
(NOTE: Transit trustees declined to stop the charter bus service.) 

‘A completely thorough job, Sherlock/ 
Little m ore equal than others 

WASHINGTON 
- 
From time to time, the Supreme 
Court is accused of not merely interpreting the Constitution but of effectively amending it. 
From Hum to time, the charge is true — and tin* charge is true today in the matter of the court and the J St ii 
Amendment. 
Lust w e e k s decision i i i t h e New 
York redistricting case marked an­ other mile along the road. 
Step by step, the court is writing language into the 15th that the framers never put there. hi iis solicitude for black voters as u class, the court is giving un Orwel­ lian twist to the doctrine of equal protection: Black voters, as a class, are to be a little more equal than ut liers. 
Kings County 

The New York case, affecting stale legislative districts ut Kings I ouuty, arose under the federal Voting Hights 
Aet. 
In obedience lo an effective order from the I .S. attorney general, fixing a minimum quota of 65 per cent non# 

 white voters, the state drew new dis­ trict lines. 
The new boundaries split a com ­ munity of Hasidic Jews. They took their protest to court. Last week the high court dism issed their protest and affirmed the quota plan, 
Bizarre doctrine 
The effect of the court's ruling is further to cement a bizarre doctrine the court has t>cen busily building in recent years. 
T his d o c trin e holds th a t black voters, as a class, have a right and a privilege accorded to no other group in America’s political life: They have a right never to have their bloc poli­ tical power “ diluted.” 
Alone among alt the ethnic, econo­ mic, social, regional and special-ni- terest groups in th** nation the black minont.v is to be protected against nullification of “ its ability to elect the candidate of its choice.” 
By this decision, the court estab­ lishes a “ constitutionally valid m an­ date of maintaining nonwhite voting strength 
It is hard lo fathom where in the world the court dredged up this re- 

James J. 
Kilpatrick 

 markable construction of the law 
The 15th Amendment savs that the right to vote shall riot be “ denied or abridged** on account of race 
The amendment sa>s nothing about 
“ diluting” the political power of a racial bloc, This is the court’s own homespun construction. 
In the ease at hand, neither Kings 
County nor the State of New York denied or abridged any citizen's right to register and vote. 
Court split 
The black man, the Puerto Khan, the Hasidic Jew — all of them, us individual citizens — had identical rights. 
Bul under the court s ruling, black voters are treated as a specially fa­ vored class. They are to In* guaran­ teed, iii particular districts, a “ sub­ 

 stantial majority/* and lins is to as­ sure th e ir opp ortun ity to elect a 
“ black representative.” 
The court split wide open. Justice 
White announced the court's judg­ ment and wrote the principal opinion. but lie could scil his reasoning, in toto, only to Justice Stevens, Justices 
Brennan and Blackman had different ideas. Justices Stewart and Powell concurred in tin* ju d g m e n t. Ju st 
Rehnquist dissented in large part, but didn’t say why. Justice Marshall sat this one out. Chief Justice Burger came down i i i total dissent 
Brennan was plainly troubled. 
The case, he said , “ c a r r ie s us further down the road of race-cen­ tered remedial dev ices than we have heretofore traveled.’* 
The idea of affording “ preferential tre a tm e n t to d isa d v a n ta g e d non- whites generally” must raise “ se r­ ious questions of fairness.” 
But if Brennan’s conscience gave him pain, he had an analgesic salve for fast relief; New Y ork's d isc ri­ m inator) quota system am ounted only to “ benign" and not to malig­ nant discrimination. 
The Voting Rights Act sufficed to 

 justify the use of overt, num erical dev ices iii electoral redistricting. 

All this was too much for Burger. 
He had thought it unconstitutional for a state to draw district lines ” w itll tile sole, explicit objective of reach­ ing a predetermined racial result.” 
Bul this was precisely what his b ro th e rs had app ro v ed iii Kings 
County. 
The 65 per cent quota, iii his view, struck him as indefensible — as mere mechanical racial gerrymandering. 
The effect, in Burger’s view, must be to sustain the existence of ghettos and to further racial prejudice at the (Mills, 
No objection 
This correspondent voices no ob­ jection whatever lo the purpose of the 
Voting Rights At I. 
That purpose is to protect the black citizen’s right to vote on the same basis with everyone else, 
But when the individual s right to vote is transformed into a group’s protected power to elect, something is grossly wrong. 

Carter 
'call-in’ brings new dawn 

WASHINGTON - It had to seem like one of the kookier ideas in an already kooky town, and at first, it seemed so pa­ tently phony. 
It had all the possibilities of bringing the President down to earth, but with a deadly thud. 
The “ Ask President C arter” show would surely bring out, we worried, all those kinky, neurotic, obscene neigh­ bors of ours and callers who didn t get through to “ Jim m y ” in this exercise in homesy-folksineas would be hurt and angry. ll worked 

Yet, somehow, confounding all the odds, it worked, and worked beauti­ fully, and when I ask myself, “ Why?" 

More than any president. 
Carter truly knows how to use technology so that it seems a perfectly natural extension iff our lives. 

I come up with some curious thoughts 
— which you are p e rfe c tly free to throw in the basket. 
First, I think we are seeing someth­ ing very special in President Carter that the "call-in” exemplified: 
More than any president, he truly knows, as much instinctively as any other way, how to use technology so that it seems a perfectly natural ex­ tension of our lives. 
But ins performance was no Fireside 
Chat. 
For the essence of the FOR talks was, in the m anner of all speeches, one-way "communication.” 
Genuine 

Carter s genius, on the other hand, was not only that he used the techno­ logy in a highly creative way to com­ municate back and forth between P re­ sident and citizen — between authority held and authority given — but that he did it in such a way as to make it ap­ pear natural and (m ost im p ortan t) genuine. 
Moreover, his strength in making it work, I feel, lies in his basic character. which is a truly appropriate one for our time. 
It is not unimportant to notice, when you read his autobiography, that he not only w orked on the first n u c le a r- powered submarine but that, at a time when an en tric generation was su p ­ posed to Im* riveted w ith fear of nuclear obliteration. Carter exulted in tile new knowledge. 
Religion 

Very probably because he is solidly grounded in a demanding religion, he obviously neither feared nor worshiped technology. 
And today lie acts like a man who feels it is simply one important thing 

Ile seems to be trying to sa v in every gesture an d net that we are living in a re­ lativistic and in terdepen ­ dent world. 

 in the world to be employed for the betterm en t of m ankind, w hether in call-ins, hum an rights or race re la ­ tions. 
Yet he is not, as for instance in the 
“ call-in,** choosing to use it to amuse or divert us. 
It is no Roman circus. 
It is highly dignified. 
I would call it a form of his Baptist 
"w itn essin g ’’ via technology — w it­ nessing not to religion, hut to the par­ ticular personality complex that is his. 
Relativistic 

 lie seems to nu* to be trying to say in ever) gesture and aet that we are liv­ ing iii a relativ istie and interdependent world — yet one that can still be lived in with ethics and reason aud in peace with science. 
He is an uncanny and very believable mixture of the homespun philosopher and the world citizen, of the scientist and the farm er, of the old religious values and the new te ch n o lo g ical truths, 
VV hat was probably th e crow ning glorv of the “ call-in,” moreover, was the clement of mutual respect between 
President and citizen 
It rolled back and forth, like waves on a friendly sea, until you could hardly tell which short* was winch, as callers were giving opinions and the 
President was admitting he just didn t know some things. 
New and welcome 

This certainly is a new and welcome kind of communication in tins count i s, anil it was done so deltlv and sa hon­ estly that one forgot completely the technological barriers that could have been so obtrusive, 
For those of us who were raised lo believe that technology was going to destroy the world, that governm ent must thus necessarily become totali­ tarian, aud that personal alienation would surely increase, this is a wel­ come dawn indeed. 

 jsSSSe?** *5s a ’» 

^ I* ll 
4£jfe'fedfr *&££- 
* ^W ^ P W 'WyyWcWrX<W *“ 
'r><v5<: 
‘ 

Twice-convicted murderer and one-tinie prize-tighter Rubin “Hur­ ricane” Carter is back in prison. 

Two concerts to benefit him and codefendant John Artis in their second murder trial yielded more than half a million dollars in box office receipts. 

Only about $65,ooo found its way to the lawyers who defended the two, who were convicted for the second time. 

This is the second of a two-part series on the concerts to aid Carter and Artis. 

$14,ooo for a Hughes Airwest charter 
DCO jet — redecorated with a H urri­ cane Carter slogan on the nose — to tra n s p o rt Dylan and his R olling 
Thunder revue from Los Angeles to 
Houston. 
Hotel bill 
By his own accounting, C a rso n 's share of the hotel bill in Houston for himself and his entourage was nearly 
$4,ooo; a b a c k s ta g e c a te r in g bill amounted to $8,244, including a tip of 
$1,o3o. 
An after-show party reportedly cost another $3,366. 
In spite of the expenses, the Astro­ dome was only half-filled at showtime, and the box office receipts were dis­ appointing to the Carter backers. 
“ It was a debacle — a complete dis­ a ste r.” said John Webster, who had tried to dissociate Freedom for All 
Forever, of which Webster is vice pre­ sident and director, from participating in the Houston event. 
In a telephone interview. W ebster said the New York-based C arter De­ fense Fund had no involvement in the 
Houston show other than an agreement to “ benefit from the proceeds.” 
However. Blanche Leonard, a direc­ tor and secretary of the Freedom for 
All Foundation, said in a telephone interview that Freedom for All "spon­ so re d ” the Houston concert but a l­ 

 lowed Carson. Sapir and Carter — who then was on bail pending his second trial — to make the arrangements. 
Miss Leonard added that the foun­ dation also negotiated vendor con ­ tracts. 
“ Rubin kind of aced us out on this one. He realized they (Carson and Sa­ pir) were entrepreneurs hoping for a profit, but he figures he would get some of the proceeds,” Miss Leonard said. 
“ The Madison Square Darden con­ cert was a professional operation, run by George Lois, who is a pro,” said 
Miss Leonard. “ The Astrodome con­ cert w as run by w ell-m eaning but amateurish people with no experience in this sort of thing. 
“ It all turned out very negative.” 
Miss Leonard said. 
C arson could not be re a c h e d for comment. 
The Madison Square G arden con­ cert. while m ore profitable for the 
C a rte r defen se fund, in c u rre d e x ­ penses that are under study by the state attorney general’s office. 
The total outlay was more than half the gate receipts, leaving the founda­ tion with a profit of $1o8,o74, and on­ going "program services” of the foun­ dation further trim m ed the balance eventually given the Carter-Artis de­ fense team. 
A ccording to the sta te audit, the 
Freedom for All Forever Foundation’s total “ public support and revenue” for the latest reporting period — the fiscal y ear en d in g la st M arch 31 — was 
$155,183. 
Total expenses amounted to $145,117, leaving an excess of $8,o66. 
"The expenses, as far as I am con­ cern ed . are fair and r e a s o n a b le ,” 
W ebster said, stressing that he was referring to the New York concert and other local fund-raising activities. 
The foundation also sponsored a march on the Capitol in Trenton, and a concert at the New Jersey minimum security prison in Clinton. 
“ Nobody I know has benefitted from these activities, except Carter and Ar­ tis. In fact, everybody I know has given a great deal of themselves,” Webster said. 

RUBIN “HU RRICAN E" CARTER stands in the yard of the N ew Jersey State Prison in Trenton. 

Miss Leonard said, however, that as a result of the second Carter conviction and “ negative publicity" surrounding 
Carter’s alleged assault upon Carolyn 
Kelley, who previously headed his de­ fense committee, the Freedom for All 

F o re v e r F o u n d a tio n s ta n d s little chance of being successful in fund­ raising. 
“ W e're still an entity, but I don’t know what success we can have,” Miss 
Leonard said. 

She added that after the Astrodome concert Carter “ began rejecting us. I was very hurt, because a lot of people had worked very hard. But I under­ stood his feelings.” 
End "faeries 

 q AKI A N T O N IO EXPRESS— Friday March I I I 977 
Astrodome concert was a fiasco 

W A SH IN G TO N POST SERVICE 
NEW YORK - Bob Dylan had written a top-ten rock song called 
“ H u rrican e” to aid murder defendant Rubin “ Hur­ ricane” Carter and John Artis. 
Isaac Hayes, Stevie Wonder. Joan 
Baez, Dyan Cannon and M uhammad 
Ah were all lending their support and talent to the cause. 
All of them appeared on the stage at 
Madison S q u a re G ard en when the 
Freedom for All Forever Foundation sponsored the gala “ Night of the Hur­ ricane” on Dec. 8, 1975. 
The event at first appeared to be a financial success. The concert took in 
$22o,578 in box office receipts and, after expenses, netted $1o8.oo(1. 
Trouble starts 
But the foundation’s troubles may have begun w hen M u h am m ad AIL walked onstage with a long-haired, vouthful-looking m an nam ed Eddie 
Sapir and in tro d u c e d him to the cheering crowd. 
Sapir, a municipal judge in New Or­ leans and a close friend of a New Or­ leans promoter named Clyde Carson, announced that another “ Night of the 
Hurricane” would be held in that city's 
Superdome. 
That engagement fell through, even­ tually, but Sapir and Carson subse­ quently become involved in the pro­ motion of the second major Hurricane 
C a rte r b e n e fit, held in H o usto n ’s 
Astrodome. 
The downfall 
That c o n c e rt, a c c o rd in g to the backers of Freedom for All Forever, led to the downfall of the Hurricane 
Carter movement. 

The New Y ork aud it of C a rte r s fund-raising activities showed that 
Carson and Sapir paid $154,919 to rent the Astrodome — even though the au­ ditorium 's norm al rate is $12,5oo or 
17.5 per cent of the gate, whichever is larger. 

In a d d itio n , the c o m m itte e paid 
$37,282 in hotel room charges for the perform ers, guests and hangers-on, and $45,6o9 for travel costs, including 
Carter tosses torch into tinder 

There is a lot more inflam m able human material on the European side o f the Atlantic than there is in the United States. 

LOS ANGELES TIMES SERVICl 
FARIS — When President 
Carter wrote his now-historic letter to Soviet dissident Andrei 
D. Sakharov on White House stationery, he tossed a torch into a tinder. 
Since then, the human rights ques­ tion has been burning like a forest fire in Europe, East and West. 
Because Europeans have lived with the hum an rig h ts problem in th e ir midst through centuries of revolution 

H uman rights is a cause 
E uropeans h a re su ffered for, and their response to 
Carter's concern has been ore ne bel m ing. 

 and dictatorship, there is a lot more inflammable human material on this side of the Atlantic than there is in the 
United States. 
In every country of Western Europe, there are thousands — or millions — of citizens who know at first hand what oppression, occupation and loss of freedom can be. 
There are thousands more who have been uprooted or managed to escape from the d ic ta to rsh ip s E urope has spawned in the last half a century. 
European cause 
Human rights is a cause Europeans have suffered for. and their response to 
Carter’s concern has been overwhelm­ ing. 
Not all governments, or governmen­ tal leaders, are happy about this sud­ den upsurge of public expression, bul all are having to respond to it, and even the most cautious politicians find themselves swept up in it. 
A fter F r a n c e ’s P resid e n t V alery 
Discard d'Estaing declined to receive the Soviet dissident Andrei Amalrik. the nation’s most respected political commentator. Raymond Aron, wrote: 
“ Almost every day I hear specialists on one radio station or another threa­ tening us with a return to the cold war if Jim m y Carter or Discard d'Estaing does not observe the re strain t that good m anners formerly comm anded toward the Soviet regim e. It is my opinion th at Jim m y C a rte r, m uch more than Henry Kissinger, has cho­ sen the right method, perhaps unwit­ tingly. The men in the Kremlin have respect only for those who resist them. 
They despise those who lie down. 
Nuclear war 
“ They want to avoid nuclear war, armed confrontations and crises with unpredictable developm ents just as much as the Americans. Why should the Western powers buy with conces­ sions or a lack of dignity what the 
Soviets grant them for free?” 
T here are senior French officials who feel that the Amulrik affair was mishandled. 
They say privately that while it is clearly impossible lo permit dissidents 
— whatever their cause or background 
— to barge into the Elysee Palace, it should nevertheless have been possible to give Amalrik a m ore positive re­ ception than he was given. 
Still, the Dutch government’s exper­ ience with d issiden ts last week d e ­ m onstrated the risks and problem s that make the French so cautious. 
Own campaign 

A m alrik , who settled in Holland after his departure from Russia last summer, began his own human rights campaign in the West three weeks ago 

 by asking for a meeting with Dutch 
Prim e Minister Joop van Uyl. 
It was readily granted, and this pre­ sumably encouraged Amalrik to des­ cend on the Elysee Palace, then try to see West German Chancellor Helmut’ 
Schmidt in Bonn. 
In the meantime, the Dutch foreign m inister. Max van der Stool, had a long-standing official visit to Prague on his calendar. 
W hen he a rriv e d in P r a g u e last 
Monday, who should turn up at his hotel, requesting an appointment, but 
Prof. J a n P a to u c k a , a 69-year-old leader of the Carter 77 human rights group in Czechoslovakia. 
Follows lead 
F ollow ing the lead of his p rim e minister at The Hague, Van der Steel received Patoucka i i i his hotel room for 2o minutes. 
Czech reaction was prompt and pre­ dictable. 
They canceled an appointment for the foreign m inister with President 
Gustav llusak, and they canceled a broadcast he was to have been allowed to make over Czech television. 
He was treated as coolly as possible and all but hustled out of Prague. 
Carter stance 
While the Dutch have no regrets that their minister gave his backing to the 
Czechoslovak human rights dissidents 

Every dem ocratic leader is for human rights — that is w h at d e m o c r a c y is a ll about. 

 on their own territory, they accept the fact that it may mean tougher m ea­ sures in Prague and that it certainly is not going to m ake things any more cordial between the two governments. 
The Carter stance, and in particular 

ANDREI SA K H A R O V 
. . . latter from Carter 

 the Carter letter to Sakharov, has thus escalated the human rights question on three fronts. 
First of all, it has of course encour­ aged the dissidents themselves — in 
Moscow. Prague, Warsaw, Bucharest. 
Belgrade and elsewhere, as well as the dissidents in exile in the West. 
On the spot 
Second, it has given a lead and a lift to public opinion in the West so that tin subject is ceasing to be dormant and instead is becoming a very active po­ litical m a tte r for gov ern m en ts and party leaders. 
Finally, Carter has put every other head of g o v e rn m e n t on the spot, whether he intended to or not. 

"Realistic people compare the atti­ tude of the French president closing his door on Amalrik with that of Mr. 
Carter writing to Sakharov.” France- 
Soir commented. 
“ lf Gen. De Gaulle taught us one thing, it was that one has to be un­ compromising when one is weak and without means, that there is no other way, not only of making oneself’s re­ spected but even of living. What can the Sov iet Union do against us? Strictly nothing. If M. Discard d ’Estaing had a one-hour conversation with Amalrik in the Elysee Palace about the Helsinki accords, what would happen? The So­ viet Union would sulk, that’s all. Well, let it do it ." 
On the o th e r hand, the London 
E conom ist so b erly q u estio n ed the 
A m erican P re s id e n t’s w isdom and asked, “ How hard did he think before he wrote his letter to Sakharov — a noble and at the m om ent the right thing to do." 
But the Economist said. “ In doing what he wills during these golden early 

Dutch minister treated tis coolly as possible and all but hustled out o f Prague after he received dissident ut hotel. 

 days of a presidency when it is hard to gainsay him, Mr. Carter has undoub­ tedly been spending some of his limit­ ed stock of political capital. The que? - lions are: How much, for what. and has this capital been spent at the expense of achieving other, more useful things later on? It would be com forting to know that Mr. Carter had considered some of the questions arising from his move sagely, as a four- or eight , ear president should, before he did what felt so good.” 
Of course, every democratic leader is for human rights — that is what democracy is all about. 
Discard, on his first official visit to 
Moscow a year ago. had the Kremlin 

 sputtering because he declared in a toast to Soviet leader I^eonid I. Brezh­ nev that political detente as enshrined in the Helsinki agreements should be extended to ideological detente. 
It was not the sort of talk the Soviet leadership could accept, and Brezhnev immediately responded by declaring 
Fiat the ideological struggle would go right on. 
This was merely a forerunner of the human rights controversy into which 
Carter has now plunged. 
Human rights, by the very term , is not a problem which is solved, but a cause which has been evolving for more than IO centuries, i With the Carter letter to Sakharov and the Helsinki review conference barely four m on ths aw ay, h u m a n rights will be getting more direct at­ tention this year than at any time since the end of World War IL 
How much the cause will evolve is another matter. 
But things are not going to stand still. 

A long search for restroom 

The American people can — and do — put up with a lot of inconsistencies. 
They live in hope that someday there Will be a standard battery sold that will fit everything from a camera to an electric football game . . . a one-size- fits-all sweeper bag . . . or a regulation bulb that will plug into any string of Christmas tree lights. 
One of the things, however, that they are becoming quilt*'militant about is the inconsistency in labeling restrooms. 
This is clearly something that has gotten out of hand in this country with each business trying to outdo the other one i i i cleverness. 
Believe me when I say the most pathetic sight I ever saw in my life was a farsighted woman with her nose pressed against a restroom door, following the outline of a little figure in a hooped skirt. 
Restaurants first 
The restaurants were the first to get cute. 
In keeping with their decor, they decided to label their restroom door with the appropriate names for women and men. 
Thus you had Senors-Senoritas. Cow boys-t ovv- girls, Uhlefs-Squuws, and Tarzan and Jane. 
Some of the more sophisticated businesses came up with fictional characters like Samson and Deli­ lah, Romeo and Juliet, and Scarlet and Rhett. 
As I said to my husband one night, “ You’ve been to the restroom. Give me a hint. What am I looking for?” 
“ Mine was called ‘General.’” he said 
“ Terrific! I ll try for Motors.” 
The cutesier we could have lived with, but iii recent years they’ve added a new dimension — the animal kingdom. 
Finding your restroom is like a romp through 
Disneyland. 
I have lurked behind potted faked plants waiting to st*e who were the bucks and who were the does . . . the heifers and the steers, the stallions and the mares, the chicks or the chieklets, the pointers or the setters. 
The other night, a woman rushed frantically buck to her table and said, “ Here s your dime back and let’s go.” 
“ I thought you wanted to use the restroom,” said her husband, puzzled. 
“ And I thought you had to go to L..A. to see the 
Rams, but that s before I found out I was a Ewe and that Rams don’t need change, and let s get out of here and FII tell you about it on the way home.” 
*„»*■ l a a l " 

SAN ANTON IO EXPRESS— Friday March l l I 977 
Saccharin ban won’t stop low calorie soft drinks 

NEW YORK (A P) - 
Some makers of diet soft drinks plan to continue selling low-calorie bev er­ ages if a ban on sacchar­ in takes effect, but the products probably will contain more calories. 
The makeup of the new p roducts was not im ­ m ediately clear, but there was some indica­ tion Thursday that n a ­ tural sweeteners such as corn syrup, with more calories than saccharin. might be used. 
Soft drinks account for the bulk of sacch arin consumption — about three-fourths of the 5 million pounds used an­ nually, the Food and 
Drug 
A dm inistration said 
Wednesday in proposing the ban. 
Fow-calorie soft drinks represent ll per cent, or about $1.11 billion, of the annual 
$1o.1 billion wholesale value of all soft drink sales. 
Obligation 
“ With this kind of dem and ' out there, there s a great part of the public that wants that kind of p ro d u c t,” said 
Thomas Baker, executive director of the National 
Soft Drink Association. 
“The industry has an ob­ ligation to those people to try to satisfy that demand.” 
He said no other ar- 

F U A r e s e a r c h e r * * tests disagree 

ASSOCIATED M ESS 

ALBANY. N.Y. — A researcher commissioned by the Food and 
Drug Administration to determine whether saccharin poses a health hazard said Thursday that massive doses given to monkeys over a period of years proved harmless. 

"We found nothing,” said Dr. 
Frederick Coulston. director of the 
Institute of Comparative and Hu­ man Toxicology at the Albany Me­ dical Center hospital here. 

Coulston said the results of the research by himself and two col­ leagues will be presented at a 

 meeting of the International Society of Toxicology in Toronto March 
27-3o. 

“We gave saccharin to Rhesus monkeys over 6*2 years — relati­ vely high doses to these animals six days a week. We have just killed these animals and examined them very carefully as a pathologist would. 

“We found nothing.” he said of the study, jointly financed by the government and. private industry. 
“They are perfectly normal. They were normal during life and they were normal after death.” 

 tificial sw eeteners are approved for use. but that natural sweeteners, such as corn syrup and honey, are possible substitutes. vSoft d rin k s can be legally te rm e d 
“ low c a lo rie ” if they have fewer than six calories per fluid-ounce, or HH calories for a tO-ounce 
.bottle, he said. Bv com­ parison, Diet Pepsi now has less than one calorie for IO ounces and regular 
Pepsi has 13o calories in 
IO ounces. 
“ I'm su re o u r for­ ward-thinking people have developed formulas 

 to meet these kinds of contingencies, but they’re proprietary mat­ ters and they won t talk about them,” Baker said. 
“ Their exact formulas are trade secrets and are never discussed.” 
Impact 
While there was gener­ al confidence.that the big soft drink makers could continue producing low- calorie products, the im­ pact of the F D A ban was severe on several makers of low-calorie sweeteners. 
“ I’m still in shock. 
We’re going to have to 

 lay off our people,” said 
Marvin Eisenstadt, vice president of Cumberland 
Packing Corp., which markets Sweet 'n Low, the biggest-selling a r ­ tificial sweetener. 
Ile said production may continue a while if shoppers stock up before the ban is final. Ultima­ tely. he said, the firm’s 
BDD employes would be laid off. The company’s sales reached $3o million last year. 
And Sherwin-Williams 
Co., the only U.S. m an­ ufacturer of saccharin, said it will close, at least temporarily, its Cincin­ 

 nati saccharin factory, laying off at least 17 workers. The company’s saccharin sales account for about $1o million of its annual $1 billion of sales of all products, in­ cluding paints and textiles. 
At Coca-Cola Co., the nation's la rg e st soft drink maker, vice pres-1 ident Charles W. Adams I said, “ We will have reformulated low-calorie drinks ready for market before” the FDA decides whether to make the ban final. 
He said the company will m a r k e t the new products as soon as pos­ sible. 
A spokesman for Pep­ siCo 
Inc., the second-largest soft drink company, said. “ We have development plans in process for continuation” of the low-calorie line. 

“We have no idea what our formulation will be at this stage,” the PepsiCo spokesman said. “ Ob­ viously it c a n ’t be less than one calorie or no­ calorie. It would have to be higher than what we have now. 
The cola product is not palatable without some degree of sweetener.” 
There is no substitute that would provide the sam e sw eetness and low-calorie content of saccharin, he said. 

RELIEVES IIP TO 5o% LONGER 
THAN YOUR NASAL SPRAY. 

 iii; 

Duration 

 hon f 

Compare. Just one use of new Duration helps relieve nasal stuffiness and sinus con­ gestion up to 12 continuous hours...up to 9 hours longer than ordinary sprays...up to 4 hours longer than long-lasting sprays. 
Duration contains oxymetazoline, the only decongestant medically proven to relieve nasal stuffiness and sinus congestion for up to 12 continuous hours.' 
And this makes Duration the longest- lasting nasal spray. 

NEW DURATION. 
THE LONGEST-LASTING 
NASAL SPRAY. 
Duration 

 hour relief 

J 
KtOOuCT OP KOHOH INC 
Main wmmmmm 

CHRIST AM 

 nT z 

O fcC U N U tM A N t 
HIM. VMI 

DURATION 
RELIEVES 
UP TO 
9 HOURS 
LONGER. 

DURATION 
RELIEVES 
UP TO 
9 HOURS 
LONGER. 

 iv * a i I s u m 
; 

DURATION 
RELIEVES 
UP TO 
4 HOURS 
LONGER. 

DURATION 
RELIEVES 
UP TO 
4 HOURS 
LONGER. 

DURATION 
RELIEVES 
UP TO 
4 HOURS 
LONGER. 

PRICES 
GOOD THRU 
SATURDAY 

2o.8 CU. FT. 
NO-FROST 
REFRIGERATOR- 
FREEZER 
$478 

Two Ice 'N Eosy trays, bin. Power saver switch can help reduce cost of operation. 3 adjustable shelves. See-thru crispers and adjustable meat keeper. Rolls out on wheels. Only 3o'A” wide, 
66" high. Automatic lcemaker available at extra cost. #TBF-21D. 

A. 3 CYCLE 
WASHER 

Porcelain-enamel lid, top, Wash Basket, and tub. Positive Water Fill-wosher will not start until proper water level is reached. Heavy- 
Duty GE motor. Dependability. #WWA5ooo 

B. FAMILY-SIZED 
ELECTRIC DRYER 
*177 

Manual Selection of Drying time up to 19o minutes. Separate Start Button "Up-Front" lint Filter. Porcelain-Enamel clothes drum- smooth, durable, resists rust and corrosion. # 
DDE3ooo. 

25” DIAGONAL 
ACCUMATIC IV 
COLOR CONSOLE 

Sharply detoiled block matrix picture tube. Ac- cumatic IV • One-button control of color, tint, brightness A contrast. AFT holds a perfect signal. #GA658. 
It CA 

RGA 

19” DIAGONAL 
XL-1 OO COLOR 
PORTABLE TV 

* 3 9 7 

Hock Maim picture tube for dromotK detailed color and thorp picture contract 
Channel numbtrs appeal 

 hi windows nett to setae tor knobs *1*43o 

19” DIAGONAL 
BLACK A WHITE 
PORTABLE TV 

147 

IooS solid state block ond 
•dine TV latened handle 
•nth built rn m ond UHT antennas, AAU It? 

36” CONTEMPORARY 
STEREO WITH 8-TRACK 

139 96 

Contemporary 
Styling beautiful cabinetry 
Automatic lee Ord 
4 
Speaker Audio System (Two 
I" Dual (anes). I Mosier 
Controls 
( Track, AM TM 
Stereo ftadw AMA 

9 ” DIAGONAL 
1oo% SOLID STATE 
BLACK A WHITE TV 

Compact, lightweight ,, but every inch e Zenith 
Quick en Sunshine Picture Tube tar tut! picture rn S ar A set ends without contact energy dram Penna set VHI tine tuning A HOV I 
$ 8 8 

“V SS 

• CWI n — Im« 
Perm * 
Cwwemwn u t f e n N o 

/SS Till 

S IT I AIR 
AUSMUS isi-itoo m e i m 
MELI! AR I DO 
• o 4 - 1 * 4 1 

S T I O A U ST IN 
M PI El W E U M 
A S S -4 4 o 1 

VU O O LCO t i M A i t . TO S O A P M . M O W A T I HSU SA TURO AT 

MT WIN CSHO!RCI ' 

IAM S! AC'IOR M A I A * I H S 

»•. m t i M i l r M il 

X . . I I I I 
— 
— 
. 
Mill” I 

S*n Antonio Express 
S cene 
March I I 1977 
Page 
I -B 

MRS. LUTCHER BROWN, MRS. LOUIS BISHOP 
...with Dr. and Mrs. Gerald Burns at Oakwell 
String Quartet debuts in home 

By EVE LYNN 
SAWYER 

It was Standing Room 
Only at the musicale held in the home of Robert L. 
B. Tobin with the Sym­ phony's new 
String 
Quartet performing. 
Musicians Julius Schulnian. 
Nina Pesella. Jerome Guil- beau and 
Margaret 
Bella played in front of the fireplace in the en o rm o u s lib ra ry at 
Oakwell. 
G uests kept arriv in g until all the chairs and sofas were filled and 
Nat G reenberg, managing director, and Mrs. 
Louis Bishop, Symphony So­ ciety president, gave up their seats. 
Debut 
Schulman, concertmaster, spoke of the Quartet’s debut that afternoon, and the music began 
Mrs. Lutcher Brown. 
M rs. Stanley Frank. M rs. 
Adele Frost and the Clifton 
B olners w ere a m o ng the listeners seated in the room 

1 
1 
Who, 
What, 
Where 

ON THI 
SOCIAL SCENE 

 lined with hundreds Tif books up to the high ceiling. 
The su n lig h t filtered through the wall of glass over­ looking the gnarled, old trees budding in ail shades of green. 
Sunbeams lighted one face and then another — Dr. and Mrs. 
Raymond De I,eon, Dr. and 
Mrs. Gordon Lamb. Dr. and 
Mrs. Jacinto Q uirarte. the 
Scotty Lights, the Harvey Bis­ kins and the James Hutchins. 
Dr. and Mrs. Gerald Burns had to leave early to take care of some business at Our I^ady of the Lake University, which he heads as president. 
Carolyn Brown just made it 

 to a Merienda in the home of 
Barbara McGaughy. Carolyn and Harry returned that day from Keystone. Colo., with other m em bers of the San An­ tonio Ski Club. 
Jean and Winnie McPherson headed the trip that included 
Laura and Harry Brusenhan, 
Betty and Cliff Anderson. Edith 
Sethness, Bob and Cynthia 
Brown and 
Dorr 
Newton among many others. They flew to Denver and went by bus from there with box lunches along the way. 
Other San Antonians skiing in nearby Breckenridge were 
Beverly and Seagal Wheatley and Dick and Sally Brusenhan of C olorado S p rin g s. One evening they had cocktails together. uera Guild o ,, 

Another chartered bus took members of the Opera Guild to 
Houston to see “ Andrea Chen- s ta rrin g 
Brent E llis, ier 
Clarice Carson and Giorgio 
Merighi. 
Among those attending this 
Italian opera by Giordano laid 

On the local scene 

Annual lunch set Saturday 

The M. Eleanor Brack­ enridge Club w ill hold its annual F rien dsh ip Day luncheon at noon Satur­ day in the H e m isfa ir 
Room of Jo sk e ’s Down­ town. 
Friendship Day is ob­ served each year iii m e­ mory of the birth date of 
Miss B ra c k e n rid g e , a well-known San Antonio p h ila n th ro p is t. 
She helped organize many lo­ cal groups including the 
Woman's Club, the PT A. 
T r a v e le r ’s 
Aid and others. 

Guest speaker for the luncheon will be the Rev. 
Roy ce Makin, associate m in is te r of 
C en tral 
C hristian C hurch, who will present a program of m usic and the spoken word, “ Love Makes the 
World Go Round.” 

His vocal se lec tio n s will be accompanied at the piano by George Gre­ gors. organist at Central 
C h ristia n C hurch and professor of music at San 
Antonin College. 

Friends plan annual dinner 

Friends of San Antonio 
Public Library will have h s annual d in n e r and open meeting ai 7 p.m. 
Friday in Trinity Univer­ 

 sity s Refi*ci wry. 
Hillier! L Fly nu will guest speaker. His topic will be “ My Life iii Art and Where I Mislaid It 

SATURDAY 
AT JOSKE'S 

CHINESE ART! 

Saturday is your last chance to see a special collection of art from the People's Republic of C hina. See the exhibit of wood block prints, silk tapes­ tries, and hand-em broidered silk paintings, sponsored by the Jack Winter Company, and exhibited on the second floor aisle, Joske's Downtown. 

CHINESE 
COOKING! 

Learn the secrets of Oriental cooking, as demonstrated Sat­ urday in Joske's Housewares departments from 12 noon to 4 p.m. The experts will be here to show you how to stir fry in a wok: 
Downtown... Masaku Chirahama 
North Star . Katey Kiriko Hric 
Windsor Park...Pat Petty 
JOSKE’S 
M A UNIT OF ALLIED STORES 

Feeling a little daring? This bikini by ZAZZ isn't tor 

 the inhibited! Skinny little gold mesh strands at the 

 shoulders and hips ad d an extra bit oI pizzazz to 

 this clingy Antron’^-nylon swim suit. Sizes 6-14, in 

 black or rust, 22.oo. Swim W ear, Downtown, North 

Star, Windsor Park, Austin Highland Mall. Use your 

 convenient Joske's enjoyment card 
HE’S 
Mi A UNIT OF ALLIED STORES 

* 
■§ f 
Alive with dots! sleeveless caress, drawstring jacket 

A classic polka dot print gives an extra snap to this easy flowing two piece design for in-between season dressing. Whether it s for work or a casual lunch, Phase 
One has movement in mind, and you can have a pulled together look without that feeling of con­ finement. Scoop neck, sleeveless polyester dress is topped with a long sleeved cover up. Jacket drawstring, cuffs, and dress neckline are accented in con­ trasting trim. Sizes 8-16, in beige or navy. 38.oo. Use our con­ venient credit card! Plaza Dress­ es, Downtown, North Star, W ind­ sor Park, Austin Highland Mall. 

JOSIE El’S 
M A UNIT OI ALLIED STORES 

SHOP ALL STORES IO TIL 9 FRIDAY! 

HARDWARE... 
Bits of gold shine against this bikini and your summer tan 

W.a 
L j . ■! A t i w i® . H a , v' L l . a ' i t a' 
, . , i ' . 
3'2®. 

74o NOB1M b l* * MAU 

& 

SA N A N T O N IO EXPRESS— Friday March I I 1977 
Ann 

Landers 

Dentist impatient with child’s fears 

Dear Ann: Today I had a disturbing experience and I wonder if you can tell me if my feelings are justified. 
I tank m y si x -y ea r- o ld 
PBJ Dressing 

The perfect vacation or at home dressing in two packable pieces by PBJ. Navy with stripe 
Skirt. Sizes 3-13- S35.oo. We welcome new ac­ counts, lay-aways, Master Charge, BankAmer- icard. 
Lc w i'a 
732 North Star Mall 

 son to the dentist. It was his second trip. When he started to whimper, the dentist snapped, “ Sit up here and le t’s get this over with!” 
The child s ta r te d to cry. The dentist switched off the light and told the boy to leave. He turned to me and said, “ When your son can act like a 
‘g e n tlem an ,’ bring him back.” 
I tried to explain that the child d id n ’t know- much about dentists. He said , 
“ D iscip lin e is 
YOUK p ro b le m , not mine.” 
I told him I didn't think it was a m atter of disci­ pline, but fear. He ig ­ nored mc and called the next patient. 
It se e m s a few kind words from the dentist to the child could have worked w onders. Am I wrong? Please comment. 
Mrs. E.E. In New Mexi­ co 
Dear E.E.: If you have d escrib ed the in cid en t accurately you need to find a new dentist, and th a t bird could use a short course (or maybe a long one) on how- to deal with young p a tie n ts. I hope you will send him this colum n w ith my compliments. 

C o p mg 

Dear 
Ann 
Landers: 
Before even reading the other two letters in your column I must stop right now and answ er "S eek­ ing A nsw ers,” the wo­ man who w onders how people cope with a m ar­ riage “ in name only.” 
She is right. At times it is very depressing. But 
I've been a partner in a 
“ name only ’ m arriage for nearly *2o years. Alth­ ough there is no joy in my heart, I have found peace of mind because I’ve ra­ tio n alized it th is way: We are “ trading favors.” My husband and 
I have very little in com­ mon, but he presides me with the financial neces­ sities of life and some lux uries. ( I ’m nut the career type.) 
I enjoy keeping house, 
I’m a good cook, and I do his laundry. To the out­ side world we get along as well or b e tte r than most m arried couples. 
So an arrangem ent that gives us both something 
Sale 
SAVE ON RATTAN AND W ICKER 

King chairs at King-size savings! 
Pier Vs regal king chair. A master­ piece of Pnillppine craftsmanship artfully woven of natural rattan. 
The back soars into a majestic throne over 5' tall. It s a dramatic addition that captures attention yet requires little floor space. Buy yours today at this special price. 

Reg. $129.99 
Sale 

Mahariika chair. 
Reg. $44.99 
Set# $39.88 
Lattice mahariika chair. 
Reg. $44.99 S * $39.88 

Sale begins March 11. Ends March 17. Shop today! 

6715 San Pedro 
SHOP DARY THRU SAT. 
IO Til 9 
SUNDAY 12-6 
PHONE 341.3581 PHM 
Mw* na* took* *•( im* 

Wonderland 
SHOPPING CINTER 
(LOWW UVfl) 
I. II 
C T S 
E S 

 lim ited Quantities 

Uee Meeter CHer«e end •enWieertcerO in en* el Pier I e ITI etoile coeet to Meet 

SHOP DAUT THRU FRI. IO Til o 
SATURDAYS IO Til 6 
CLOSH) SUNDAY 
PHONE 73S-31o1 

 we need can’t be all bad, can it? I’M sign this Just 
Living Here 
Dear Just: 
T h a t’s 
LIVING? It may be your idea of living, but It s not mine. If you are willing to settle for a joyless m ar­ riage with no love, no af­ fection, no fun of sharing ideas, not even compan­ ionship — then face it, you aren’t a wife. 
You’re a housekeeper. 
And he’s not a husband. 
He’s a checkbook. I’m not saying it’s wrong. I’m saying it’s empty, hollow and pathetic. Moreover, you are missing It all — and so is he. 
Improve 

Dear Ann Landers: 
I have a friend who is try­ ing to help me Improve myself but she has point­ ed out so m any things that are wrong with mc 
I’ve become very unsure of myself. She says others have noticed these same things that need correct­ ing and then she tells me who they are. 
Once I’ve heard their names I become so rat­ tled when I ’m around these people I can’t open my mouth. I’ve gotten so 
I have no personality at all. What should I do? 
Miss Blah 
Dear Miss: People w ho try to “ re m a k e ” their friends often feel inade­ quate themselves. A real friend wouldn’t pick you to pieces, nor would she quote others to strength­ en her case. 
Tell Miss Pygm alion that her constant c riti­ cism is destroying your self-confidence and that she must accept you as you are — or not at all. 
T e a c h in g yo ur kids about the facts of life can be easy or awkward. Ann 
L anders’s new booklet, 
“ How, What, and When to 
Tell Your Child About 
Sex” can spell the differ­ ence. Send 5o cents in coin, along with a long, stam ped, self-addressed envelope with your re ­ quest, to Ann Landers, care of The Express. Box 
2171, San Antonio, Tex. 
78297. 
Conclave theater party 

The Alpha Theta Con­ c lav e of Alpha D elta 
Kappa will hold a theater party at 7 p.m. Friday to see “ The Spiral S ta ir­ c ase” at the Harlequin 
T h e a te r at 
F t, 
Sam 
Houston. 
M rs. 
P au l S toever, conclave president, will conduct a brief business meeting concerning the state convention in El 
Paso April 2 and 3. 

 love is 

...a very special duet. 

 to u s N* on -ma 
• ftrr i— 

A DAM MILLSAP, 3, DIGS INTO PLATE OF TASTY SPAGHETTI 
...Altrusa Club invito* tho public to supper 

PHOTO BY STEVE CAMPBEII 

Spaghetti 

 dinner set 

Saturday 

A fund - raising Spagh­ etti Dinner will be given by the Altrusa Club from 
5 to 8 p.m. Saturday in the P ro v id en c e High 
School Cafeteria. 
Food to go will be avai­ lable. T ickets m ay be purchased at the door. 
Miss Alice H arper is chairman of the projects committee. 
Mrs. K atherine Pfeil will be in charge of a garden table where small bedding and vegetable plants will be sold. 
Funds raised will be used to support Altrusa’s various charities, includ­ ing two scholarships for local girls and Trinity 
U niversity C om m unity 
Orchestra. 

School plans open house 

Cenizo P a rk E lem en ­ tary School will hold its annual science fair. open house and Mexican sup­ per beginning at 5 p.m. 
Friday. 
The events will high­ light Texas Public School 
Week. 
Serving for the Mexi­ can supper will begin at 5 p.m. Tickets cost $1.25 and are available at the school. The open house and science fair display will begin at 7 p.m. 
Exercise routinely 

Let s face it, exer­ cise is a big fat bore. 
But it’s better than a big fat body. Easy ways don’t work. 
W orking up a sw eat and putting a lot of effort into every inch lost is the only way. 
Find the right routine and do it re g u la rly . 
L earn it by h e a rt and m ak e it an au to m a tic part of your day. 
DEAK JENNIFER: 
Does one have to go to an exercise class to shape up? Is it really possible to achieve the sam e ef­ fects at home? — Mary 
I/DU T., Boston, Mass. 
An exercise class is a good way to m ake your­ self do it. You don’t have to rely on your own will­ power. There are also no in te rru p tio n s , such a* telephone calls or door­ bells, to give you an ex­ cuse to put it off for an­ other time. 
An instructor can help you get the most out ol the exercises you are do­ ing and tailor some spe­ cifically for your needs. 
Motivation 

To be part of a group, all m e m b e rs try in g to improve their physical fitness, gives a stronger m otivation to work harder. 
On the negative side, it takes time and money for a special class, and a good at-h om e routin e done daily w ill absolutely work just as well and probably better since you will do it every day in­ stead of just once or tw ice a week. 
Here is a routine that can be done each day. 
After the first few trial runs, you’ll have it down 

Ask 
Jennifer 
By JENNIFER 
ANDERSON^/ 

 pat and w on’t have to refer to complicated dir­ ections. 
A few exercises done standing up and a few lying down are all you need if you do them daily. 
Unless otherwise indicat­ 

 ed, start with IO each and slow ly increase to a max­ imum of 25. 
1 —■ Touch your toes lh times. Get a good stretch to the ceiling as you come back up, arm s overhead. 
Full in stomach as hard as you can. 
2 — Arms out at sides, level w ith sh o u ld e rs. twist upper body all the way to the right, swing around all the way to the left. Keep low er body stationary, legs spread apart for balance. 
3 — Without pausing after previous exercise, move right into alternate toe touching: right hand to left foot, left hand to right foot. 
4 — Now put hands on hips and stand with legs 

 spread part. Make big circles from the waist — all the way down in front to the side, back as far as you can go and back a r­ ound to the front again. 
Lying down 

Now for the lying-down exercises: 
1 — Lie down on your back, a r m s at sides. 
Slowly ra ise legs and slowly lower. Rest on floor for a second after each raising and lower­ ing. 
Gradually build up un­ til you can ra is e and lower almost to the floor, but not touch it. through­ out the entire routine. 
2 
— 
T h en , a r m s stretch ed out at sides, shoulders level, both feet 

 aud legs together, pull legs up straight, moving from the hips, to touch feet to outstretched hand, one side and move over to the other side. 
3 — Legs outstretched, arm s at side, bicycle with both legs, without touch­ ing floor in between. 
Get into kneeling posi­ tion for these: 
1 — Stretch out one leg and bounce it up as high as you can. Do the'sam e w ith the other leg. Alter­ nate IO times each. 
2 — Curl up in a ball. 
Still kneeling, bend head to knee, sh o u ld ers r e ­ laxed, arm s relaxed and running along the sides of the body. Think beautiful thoughts, relaxing com ­ pletely. 
STRING QUARTET 

 during the French Revo­ lution were Mines. Her­ bert K arrea, Jehu R. 
L ocke, 
E thel 
K aiae, 
Stirling Lavender, A. A. 
Seeligson, W. J. Jones and Louis Kocureck. 
Irish 
St. Patrick’s Day is the spark for several upcom­ ing social events. 
Ruth and Bob Fiche are hav­ ing their 
Poor 
Man’s 
Party Thursday at their 
Windcrest home. Guests hav e been asked to dress as poorly as they dare. 
Canyon Creek Country 
Club is holding its 
S h am ro ck In v ita tio n a l 
Tennis Tournament this 
Friday through Sunday. 
M arjle Christopher is co-chairm an. The kick­ off cocktail party is set for 7:3o p.m. F riday in 

SAVE NI 
EASTE 
MISSES' A J*. 

, • D R E S S E S 

• P A N T S U I T S 
(SUN DRESSES IMCL I 
U P T O 

6 o 1 

DW! FAM 
R FASH! 

MISSES 8 JR. 
JUMPSUIT 
SAVE LOTS OF 

IoUS LABEL 

 f t m c °pEN ™urs. l i n o 
JUST UNPACKED! 
MISSES A JR. 
SSPORTSWEAR 
• PANTS • JACKETS a 
• TOPS • SKIRTS 
* 
• blouses 

^ 
« » a n ^ til U V ss 

JUST REC D HUNDREDS OF VERY FAMOUS LABEE 
JEANS & MOPS 

Si,.. 3 ,. IJ 
$3o.oo VALUES 
To 
J 
U 
OFF 

JUST RECEIVED (VERY) FAMOUS LABEL 
MISSES' A JR. 

; r sw im su its r . 

4 
/ 
OfF NAT I 
J T o w ick 
/ 
(Before Seaton 
/ i i even Starts) 

A W M SAVI ON FAMOUS 
K g 
Q 
| 
SAMMONS 
447 W. HH. DEMAND 733-So4 

O p e n M on. A T h u n , til I P.M . Daily A Sal. ’Ii) * P.M. 
CoekUfc 

 the country clu b 's Red 
Carpet Room. 

And, then there s the 
Order of the Golden Shil­ lelagh at the University of Missouri-Rolla. This o rg a n iz a tio n has ju st honored Mrs. Vachel H. 
McNutt of the Gallagher 
Ranch near Helotes. 
M e m b e rsh ip in this private gift club is con­ ferred on those who give 
$1o,ooo or m o re to the university. Mr. and Mrs. 
Henry E. /oiler are also founding m embers of the 
Golden S h illelag h, but. were unable to attend the day-long fe stiv itie s in 
Rolla. 
MeNay 
St. Patrick’s Day is al­ so the date of the Friends of the McNay’s benefit cocktail supper party and fashion show in the Mu­ seum. This party isn t 
Irish. It's Italian. 
The 
Frank 
Buskins were among the patrons 

 of the Church T h e a tre 
W ednesday evening. It was an eye-opening first visit, and they were fas­ cinated with the display of bishops’ miters in the room where they feasted 

 on c h a te a u b ria n d and asparagus quiche. 
The jewel of a play. 
“ The Inspector C alls” closes S a tu rd a y , but 
“ Two for the See-Saw" will open March IE. 

DINE IN BOERNE, 1885 
Step bock in time, to a friendlier, easier pace. Join us for breakfast, lunch, dinner — cocktails, too. 
Our menu is varied, our welcome sincere. Come enjoy I 

On the Ha Aa, Roam# 
(CloAod Mon.) I -2 4 9 -3 o o o 

CfiCcLrqos [a rfflhde 

 af lbbe<*n 

••• 

 for a more adventurous you! 

New adventure in makeup 

 tropical pastels rn 
LIP M AKEUP and matching 

NAIL COLOR Creme and frosted fashion shades are 
Apricot. Amber, Spicey Beige. Plum Mocha, 
Raspberry and Watermelon Why not come rn tor a complimentary consultation iii (tie new Caribbean 

Colors who knows what adventure you may have? 

I Int)/ th, S/ll ll S<»7( ' 
Lip Makeup $3 5o. Nail Color $,? 75 
Available Only At 

(AERIE nORftlfln C O S m tT IC STUDIO 

31o Soledad, Downtown, phono: 224*22o8 

134 Terroll Plaza, Austin Hwy., phono: 822-S2o9 

154 Central Park Mall, phono: 344*6972 

11S South Park Mall, phono: 922-1392 

183 Valley Hi Mall, phono: 674*859o 

147 Wonderland Shopping City, phono: 733*82o1 

1o2 McCreless Shopping City, phono: 532-9381 

Windsor Park Mall, upper level, phono: 653*1612 

Tile San Antonio Star— That's 
Entertainment! in the Sunday Express-News 

Me-N-Lenny 

T I* Gaucho sot for spring .md summer that 

 will kt*op vou i ool through this active sea­ son. Beige or Red. Sizes S I 
$2131o. We 
Welcome new accounts, lay-aways, Master 
Charge. B.«ikAmerican!. 

The Perfect Easter Gift is Designer Jewelry from 
Pappagallo 

Hurry ta *ee the fluent eelier!loll of slt-rliug 
•liver. I I rural gold. br«M. bronze and autii|ue jewelry iii San Antonio, all iudividuallv eoiieeived aud « Teated bv tile talent* a, of oui*Ii artisan* on J AMfc> W E R Y . M 
P E T E K J A M E S . 
^ 
I 
(.E o H f.h (it IIT J NS, 
S r rn 
N E U . E D I A N I K 
S S * 
M N KtM A^ I M I 
. t i l 
N M . ut r)' t ALlHiKM A. y 

Mr. Jack showing to salute volunteers 

The spring and summer fashion collec­ tion by Mr. Jack will be informally modeled all day Saturday in Frost's 
North Star Mall. The de­ signer’s fashion envoy. 
Oscar Lalla, will be on hand. 
At 1:3o p.m. a mini-fa­ shion show and tribute will he paid members of the Volunteer Council of the San Antonio State 
Hospital. This is a non­ profit volunteer group. which has helped add many improvements for the mentally ill in the hospital. 
The public is invited to this presentation of the 
Mr. Jack styles designed for women “ who are in­ volved’’. The fashions are classically designed for misses sizes, includ­ ing more mature figures. 
The collection includes blouses with skirts, skirt and jacket sets, three- piece suits, long and short dresses and sun­ dresses. Fabrics vary from polyesters to piques, boucles, eyelet and knits. 
Wine will be served at the 1:3o salute. Those lo be honored at that time include Mrs. Laurence J. 
Miller, president of the 
San Antonio State Hospi­ tal’s Volunteer Council, and Stanley FR A N K . 
BOARD M EM BER. 
Columnist will speak 

San Antonio Chapter of 
Delta Gamma Alumnae will celebrate its 
Founder's Day at noon 
Saturday in Oak Hills 
Country Club 
Fxpress-News col urn- 
MST. Beverly Oneal E l­ lis. will be guest speaker. 
She is the alumnae chapter chairman of Na­ tional Aid to the Blind. 
Mrs. Joseph Cocke .lr. is Founder's Day chair­ man. 
History Club to celebrate 

The History Club of San 
Antonio will celebrate its 
8oth anniversary xx itll the annual Texas History 
Day at 3 p.m. Friday at the Institute of Texan 
Cultures. 
Following the tea hour 
Dr. John L Davis will speak on “ Texas and the 
American Revolution ” 
Hostessess will be Miss 
Etelka McCluer, Mrs. 
Harry llulff and Mrs. 
Kenneth Ragsdale. 
Law auxiliary to hold dance 
The Women’s Auxiliary of the San Antonio Bar 
Association will hold a formal dinner dance at 7 p.m. Saturday at the Pla­ za Club. Frost Tower. 
Reservations must be made by Tuesday with 
Mrs. Charles Smith 
Additional co-hostesses will include Mines. Da­ mon Ball. Jack Hebdon. 
Fred Lepick Jr., John 
Locke. Robert Thomas and John Bakke IU. 

SAN ANTONIO EXPRESS— Friday March I I 1977 

Coming 
Sunday 

Collectomania! 
How to join 

Exclusively in 

'H ie Express-News 

" F I X E 
SHOES 
FOK 
WOMEN” 

• 
A M A N O 

• 
J A M * E U M , E H N 
• I K U H LE R S 

• l l . K R E K * 

• M IN N IE 

• T A K E T A * 

 broadw ay SHOES 
M ost* Charge and 
BankAmaricord 

MRS. I. J. MILLER, STANLEY FRANK 
...State Hospital Volunteers to be honored 
("enter to present Pinocchio 

San Antonio Fine Arts 
Center will present the classic "Pinocchio” at 2 p.m. Saturdays in March and the first two weeks in 
April. 
The musical version is acted by a professional cast directed by Carol 
Adams with costumes by 

Virginia Cooper. Reser­ vations for children and adults may be made by calling the Fine Arts 
Center. 
Drama classes for all age levels are tieing of­ fered at the Fine Arts 
Center. 
Children's classes are taught Mon­ 

 day afternoons after school by Slierron Both 
Huffman. 
('lasses for teen-agers and adults are offered at 
IO a.m. Saturdays with 
Carol Adams teaching. 
Additional information may be obtained from the 
Fine Arts Center. 
ORIENTAL RUGS 

Fine (Collection o f IS etc and Antique Hugs. Experts 
A vailab le to Assist W ith V our Selection. F rid a y, 
March l i t h through Tuesday, March 15th D a ily IO to 8, Satu rd ay IO to 5, Su n day I to 5. 

LO O P 41 

 oOk 
Jn o 
£ 

< > 
C r— z 
ASHBY s c 
O 

I 

I 

 i ! \ T I ( J I E S . u s e . 

2 o 1 5 A . M a i n i v e . 

7 3 5 - o 2 9 7 

VY O O lC O 
SUPER VALUES! 

MISSES’& HALF SIZES pant suits 

/ 

 jjST y 

 r n 

I'rum th* c titian iou 
JAMI s \\ t to 

 a tea THE HARRIS SHOP 
FOR PAPPAGALLO 

o71o N. NEVI B R A U N F E L S 
82H-22H1 
M A S T E N C H A R G E A M ) H A N K A M E R !* A K U A C C E P T E D 

NOW 

R IG 6 .9 7 -8 .5 7 

UP t o 3o% 

CHOOSE FROM A HUG! SELECTION of 

 newest spring styles including the 

 popular Gaucho Fonts and Vest Sets. 

Cordtgans, Jackets, Safari, Mock 

I win and Western Tops with 

 matching or contrast Pants in the 

 gioup Solids, stripes, jacquards, 

 screen prints in easy cure polyester, 

 polyester/royon and acetate knits 

 in 

 sues 8 2o, U V j 24'/? (Not every 

 style in every size or color) Buy now 

 and sove! 

I 

 s 
I 

 i m m u rn 
* 44 we— « 
.A BP 
I A I f i l l 

I 
A M * WM** 
I lUWMRMMU 
I 
4 *4 PW A * 

I 
St# u rn 
I ll* « I pa 
I 
* * H M 
IM * I AA* WW 
I 
A A I B T M 
I 
I I I » M * 

I f » t w I M * — r n * a t M M M 
• 6 4 A M T 

Mn an* tmttmi 

W W it lit* M H M H II 

PAUL S GREEN THUMB 
“W e ’ve hatched a new addition’’ 

Help us celebrate our new store with great savings and quality merchandise! 

Shop Our N ew Store at 51o3 Blanco Rd. 
^ 
Specials also good at 
85 Haby Dr. 

Sale good five days 
March 1o-11-12-13-14 
Specials good at both 
Nurseries 

PECAN TREES: 

REDW OOD BARK 
Jumbo — M edium — Smal 
For d r t o r a l i v f u n 1 O' m u l c h i n g 

3-CU FT BAG 
$ / t 4 
REG. '5 25 
SALE 
“ 

 r FRUIT TREE SALE! 
STUART 
2 FOR I SALE 
A p p le . P e ac h P lu m P e a r 

 ai c c m i v R o y or»i* f i - q u l n ' o n * '- o n d A p ric o t 
*tur> li t 
*.! n n m t ’ 
P i in , (un |i, •vk* 
S m o n i l T f t 
■u ’ Jnl ■' ' 
I u r n HITA 
. . . 
. 
3 to 5 Et lf (ONO IMI 1 H 
■ 
• WICHITA 
J Va n r fit** Oat 

VISIT OUR GREENHOUSE at 922 W. HILDEBRAND. 

FICUS BENJAMINA 
PHoTINITA 
WAX BEGONIA 

I GAL 
$ 2 
~ 
U. 
(RED TO P) 

IG M . 
II. 
3 ” Pot* 5 9 ’ 
EA. 
IO fo r $ 5 .3 o 

ALOE VERA 
NANDINA 
HONEYSUCKLE VINE 
| 
(iavila) 
I GAL 
I GAL 

4” POT 98* EA. 
$ I AP 

IMPERIAL 
PECAN TREE 
HYMlDIZED foe LOCAL MEA 
AIoUT 78 NUTS TO A POUND 

OWE, PEACH i 
NECTORINE TREE 
• UAPtESS 
# # w o c 
• SOUTHED! SWU! S Q T * 
• NE CtOtlNA 
J 5 Gel. 
• BONANZA 
Cent. 

PINE BARK 
MULCH 
$2*8 
3-C.f. BAG 

YARD GERANIUM 
PLANTS 
• *•<* 
* O ran * . 
. Whit. • Salmon 
. Fink 
. Viol.* 
4-IN. POT 
$ 1 29 
14.oo DOZ. 
I (A 

HANGING BASKETS 
AUKADY PUNKO 
• HUN e Bl GONIA 
• SEDUM e UNT AN A 
*£93 
F R O M 
UP 

FIG TREES 
3 TO 4 ti TAU 
• (EtlSTlAt e KOWN TURKEY 
• BUCK MISSION 
TEXAS EVERBEARING$8 9S 

IMPATIENS (Sultana) 
Assorted Colors 
49‘ia 1o km'4so 

PLANT THAT 

GARDEN NOW! 

BEDDING PUNTS tor Spring Hoven 
6— Bientt Per Trey 
79* T R A Y 
• ARTICHOKES t-Gellon.....................'.I 

• VEGETABLE PUNTS trey el Sis................... 

• TOMATO STAKES 
I" * t ”i4" 
JSC ta 

HERBS: 
• Oregano 
• 
I . m on O ro . 1 
• TtiymM o Lem on to tm 
3 " Pot* 
REG. 1 .2 S 98’ 

J25tDei. 

• STRAWBERRY PLANTS 
New Crop, Sequoia...........Dot. 

• FLOWERING TREES 
Peer!* and Plum S to A ft 

*2oo 

‘9 
95 

• GRAPE VINES 
Thomson Median, Fredonia 
S I S O 
Reg I 91 
U U 

• NEVER TO LATI 
FOR A GREENHOUSE 

• GRAPE VINES 
Red Ruby . .. . . .. 
‘2SO 

ALTHEA 
Sin gle A D o u b t* 
3 t© 4 Ft. 
$ 3 93 

FIG IVY 
W a ll Covering 
Reg. 1.98 

Sale 
S 1 

B O X W O O D & 
DW F. HOLLY l-GANen 
ZZ 
O 
Q 
‘ 
9 8 

PAUL'S PREMIUM ROSES 
Over 2oo Mott Papular Varieties 
O U T S T A N D IN G R O SE S FOR 
P E R F O R M A N C E F R A G R A N C E 
A N D C O L O R 
• TREE R O SE S • TREE P A T IO 
• C LIM B E R S 
F R O M TNE BEST G R O W E R S 

• C a lifo rn ia e Jackson e A n d P a rkin * 
FR O M 
S O S O 

S H A O ! TREE) 
FAST G R O W IN G 
A r iio n a A sh 
3 .9 5 Ea. or 
3 F O R $ l I oo 

C O N CRETE A N D 
C LA Y P R O D U C T S 
Squatty rounds. curbing 
(rules, 
Pots, 
Sowers, btu baths 

1 o % 
DISCOUNT 
PLANT BULBS N O W 
• G L A D IO L U S • B E G O N IA S TU BERO U S 
• G L O X IN A IS • C A N N A LILY 

NO DELIVERY ON SALE ITEMS 
DURING WEEK LONG SALE 
INQUIRE ABOUT OUR PLANTING 
SERVICE * GUARANTEED WORK 
^ 9>u\ sSuiuVhuttve 
NURSERY & LANDSCAPING 

85 HABY DR 
NURSERY 
342-4887 

51o3 BALNCO RD. 
NURSERY 

N E W ST O R E H O U R S 
8 r3 o to A P M . D A IL Y 

• 
. a n a 
S U N D A Y IO A .M . to A P M 
342-4888 l a n d s c a p e p h . 7 3 4 - a a a i 

•i AC ON a H OI boma >o at 

•woe .oatrs i m * , ie .Mer* oonooi imou m iu o m i 
AN etuiO Av! 

S A N A N T O N IO EXPRESS— Friday M arch I I 1 9 7 7 

CASH IN ON THE BIG SAVINGS 

 photo, 
FINISH 

 any 2o-exp.n j" * 
126, H O or 135 dJvcloped & Prtnted • 

 any 2o-exp. slide film developed/mounted 

COUPON EXPIRES SATURDAY, MARCH 12 

■ ■ ■ ■ ■ ■ ■ ■ ■ ■ ■ ■ ■ ■ ■ ■ ■ m ilt 

 i i i * ” 1i n ” 
GLOBE PHOTOFINISHING COUPON 

GLOBE PHOTOFINISHING COUPON 

 any 1 2-exp. roll of 
11o or 126 film developed & printed 

COUPON EXPIRES SATURDAY, MARCH 12 

■■■■ 

 any Super 8mm or 
Regular 8mm movies processed 

COUPON EXPIRES SATURDAY, MARCH 12 

88 

o Flicker ladies’ shaver 

-a o-f 
Disposable. 5 blades. re9 - 1 .3 7 
L in ill2 

H O I lANXAHtRICAKD 

 p s s 5 ir T « B - 

Kodak EK6 instant camera 

Develops pictures with in­ stant Kodak quality. 

2*1 
■■FOR 
■ reg. 63s qt. 

Amalie motor oil 

Straight weight motor oil. 

 reg. 97' 

 pistol hose nozzle 

Adjusts from tine mist to s jet stream 
Locks at any spray. 

'UJJUJ C oP V ‘9 * 1 O 'u M Stu<M UK F> w# ifiiy liiM ■ t iAN| I 

 reg. 89' 

o Sophie Mae peanut brittle 

Sophie Mae peanut brittle. 
16-oz. of fresh, delicious candy. 

 oversized metal tennis racket with cover 

Nawly developed racket n u a 6o% larger rutting area and 3 timet at large a tweet tpot without 

FPO l l Q 7 
Spacial nylon tugging for l f * 9 # inform bali response Cowhidegrip 

Wilson tennis balls..........................................2 .2 7 
Limit 2 cans per custom er 

488o 
Comet cleaner 

14 oz size, 
7 oscillating sprinkler 
O O 

Waters up to 34 x 65-ft. 
Sealed motor 
Moves reO. 4 97 
Adjustable to 4 
* watering patterns. 

•315 Santa Rosa 
•4343 West Commerce 
•238 Military Drive 
•49o2 Fredericksburg 
•7142 San Pedro 
•85o5 Broadway 
* 

ASSURANCE THAT 

•Our prescriptions ere lo * priced' lf you find a lower pm .* Ormy rn your prescription bolti* and receipt «« eat refund pie differente' 

•During the ad period we match (ti competition gone I.m e specials' 

V * V « V » V /.’ 
»••«*••• • 4 

«* ■yy 

'■W-■' >11 

MAYIAG 

IIIKIIIIIttllHiiiiiiii 
• 
. s s s is : ss 
. 
«>ss 

SAN ANTONIO EXPRESS— Friday March l l 1977 

T o h a r e y o u r p ro b le m vo ice d o r a que»- lio n a n sw e re d , w rite A c t io n -E x p re ss, P .O . 
B o x 2 1 7 1 , S a n A n t o n io , T X 7 8 2 9 7 . 

No parking 

I wonder why a wrecker service on Brooklyn 
Avenue is allowed to use the entire block of the street, on either side, as a storage and garage working area. 
At one time, there were “ no parking” signs on the south side of that street. What happened to them? 
Those signs served a purpose. 
As of now, when someone approaches Brooklyn 
Avenue on a north-bound street he cannot see the on coming traffic from the right without pulling into the lane of oncoming traffic. 
Is this company exempted from city ordinances or is there just no one who will enforce them? 
Sri 

Carl Braunig of the 
San 
Antonio 
Traffic 
Department has gone out and inspected the lo­ cation you have com ­ plained about. 
“ The com plainant is absolutely r ig h t,” 
Braunig said. “ Parking in that area used to be restricted. 
Som eone knocked the ‘no parking' signs down.” 
Braunig said the signs were- put back up Tues­ day. “This should clear traffic for about 2oo feet,” he said. 
“ Restricting parking against the south curb should give a good view 

 of oncom ing tr a ffic ,” 
Braunig said. 
In addition, the de­ partment painted the curb red to further dis­ courage violators. The area will be patrolled re­ gularly, Braunig said. 
“ I also talked to the people at the wrecker service and I got their assurance they would keep their wreckers and em ployes off the south curb,” Braunig said. 
The north side is not restricted for parking. 
Braunig said he did not believe it would impede traffic or contribute to a hazardous situation. 

Romanian donations 

My wife and I have been saving up a lot of our old clothes, or clothes we have outgrown, for some time now. 
We were planning to give them to a local charity to distribute among the needy in San Antonio, but we have changed our minds. 
We will be here for a w hile and we can always give things to local charities. We would like to have these clothes sent to Romania to help all the poor victims of that earthquake. 
I know a lot of them must need clothing and some probably need heavier clothing since they are exposed to the elements if their house collapsed. 
Is there any agency we could contact in San 
Antonio that would get the clothes to the appropriate 
Romanian distribution center? 
Will there be a massive campaign in San Antonio to collect clothing and other goods tor these helpless victims? 

Bill Fitz. disaster dir­ ector for the American 
Red Cross. San Antonio 
Chapter, said they would not be collecting clothing in the area. 
“ The Red Cross re­ frains from accepting donations of clothes for overseas d isaster v ic­ tims,” Fit* said. 
“This is due to the fact that logistics entails a cost which is prohibi­ tive,” Fltl said. lf the Red Cross a c ­ cepted clothes, the agency would have to hire people to receive. 

 sort, clean, bundle and disperse the clothes, Fltz said. 
“The costs for this far exceed the value of the clothing,” F l u said. 
Since you cannot send the clothing to Romania, 
Action-Express suggests you donate them to a lo­ cal charity as you had originally planned. 
You could donate them to Goodwill, the Salvation 
Army, the Seventh Day 
A dventists (who work with the Red Cross), or your local church for distribution. 

Broken appliance 

I purchased an appliance in July from a local retailer. The appliance has a one-year warranty. 
The little appliance, a grimier, stopped operating on the first trial even though I followed instructions to the letter. 
The local dealer sent for parts in August but has received no reply. The Consumer Index lists no agency in this state that could help. Could you? 
T. M. 

The local retailer has the parts and said the service departm ent would fix the appliance if you brought it In. 
The local dealer does not carry all parts for this particular brand's 

 smaller appliances, but the retailer said they serviced all appliances purchased there. 

Your warrant is good. so take the appliance by and get it fixed. 

Hanging children 

Is there some sort of law or city ordinance which prohibits children from hanging out of car windows while the car is moving? 
Recently, I was stuck iii traffic on the expressway for a good 2o to 3o minutes. 
A five- or six-year-old boy was hanging out of a 
Volkswagen by his knees picking up or touching each of the orange cones put out by the city crews to close a lane of traffic. 
The driver did not seem concerned and the child did this the entire time. 
It was bumper-to-bumper traffic, with constant stopping and going. The child could have fallen out and ihe car behind would have run over him 
CONCERNED DRIVER 

Right in for 
Savings like these! 

Admiral "Designer” Series lets you order the options now or later. Easy Cube Ice Service with 
2 “Twist-Eject” ice cube trays; color-coordi­ nated 
Glide-Out meat keeper; cold can 
Carousel for twelve 12 oz. cans, removable two-position freezer shelf, Easy Roll wheels 
Energy Saver design cuts power usage and saves money by eliminating “anti-sweat' heat­ ing elements. Best of all it’s completely No-Frost in both sections. See this at Lack's now! 

March 

No Frost Refrigerator 

CZJ 
Quasar 25” Diag. Color Console 
*648 

The biggest screen, the brightest picture, the most easily serviced color TV! That s the Quasar 25 diagonal "works-in-o-drawer 
TV with new Super 
Module which makes it even easier to service than before! Also has “ Insta-Matic” color tuning Matrix 
Plus picture tube, tone control, two 6 x 4 ” speaker, and a magnificent Mediterranean Console cabinet. 

Maytag Washpower Washer 

 let 1977 be the year you give yourself the true convenience cmd dependability of famous Maytag 
Maytag s super dependable Washpower Washer has power fin agitator to really get clothes clean! Has Permanent Piess setting for today's fabrics, automatic water level control! Come to lock s Furniture Center n o V 
I A 
Hardwick Range 

You’ll hove plenty of room for all your cooking chores with this Hardwick 36 ’ gas range from lock si The utility side door opens for storage of pots ond pons! Hardwick gives you a lift up 'lift- i off cook top for easy cleaning, large oven capacity, Equa Temp burners to spread heat evenly throughout the oven ... no hot spots ... no cold corners, plus porcelain over steel grates! 
See the Hardwick 36 " gas ronge today at lack si 76 2o2 

Sanyo System 
AC/DC Portable Color 

This fantastic set includes a cassette tape recorder; player 
There s a full size 3 speed record changer with cur control, low mass tone arm, onti skate and od testable stylus pressure You also get a remote microphone and two big speaker enclosures each with a 8 driver and 3 tweeter. Engineered by Sanyo. 

En(oy this color TV at home, in your cor, comper or boat' It operates on either I IO AC house current or 12V 
DC os in your car battery 
Has cigarette lighter plugin cord and removable sun screen Has AEC and instant picture 
1oo% Solid State, ivory cabinet! 9 Diagonal picture! 

A spokesman from Ihr traffic division of the San 
Antonin Police D epart­ ment said this was a vio­ lation of a city ordinance 
— “ P a ssen gers Body 
Producing From a Vehi­ cle ” 
“ This includes any ar all of the bod>,“ the spokesman said “ lf an officer sees this situ a ­ tion, he w ill issu e a misdemeanor citation " lf there are no patrol cars In the area, call the dispatch officer, 22i 71H4. 

 as soon as possible, he said. lf >ou cannot get to a phone, get the license number and Hie a com ­ plaint In Municipal Court with the clerk. You will have to identify the driver and the child in court before a citation is issued. 
The spokesman urged all parents to keep their children in the car. Ile also said all violations should be reported, “ tor their own solely,” 

AM/FM Radio 
Include a famous SSK 48oo speed record changer, two 

 sos speaker*, each with a 

 tweeter and ti woofer, is an incomparable San sui 

! I receiver with TM and AM 

 iio Heat this! 

 plu 

$ 

I Cassette lyw that has AM EM and short f radio bonds It plays on 
DC or batteries, hot iding meter, sleep switch, pated circuits ond a d of other features ... i $8o ti, Hitachi! 

Hi-Fi Components 

 o San Pedro at IH-35 

 o 93o S.W. Military Dr. 

 o New Braunfels, Texas 

 o 4S4S Fredericksburg Rd. 

 o 943 Coliseum Rd. 

P age 
6-B H 
SAN AN TO N IO EXPRESS— Friday March I I 1977 
Dog shows open 

Show dogs from over the nation will begin com petition in the Texas Circuit show s F riday in the Joe F reem an 
Coliseum sheep barn 

The first of a series of shows on the circuit will be sponsored by the San 
Antonio Combined Specialty. A dm is­ sion to the show will be free. 
Judging will begin at 2 p.m . Friday w ith the P oodle sw eep sta k es. The 
Poodle Club of San Antonio reports 15o 

Poodle entries. 
Breed judging for American Kennel 
Club cham pionship points begins at 
3:3o p.m. with the Standard Poodles, to be followed by Toy and M iniature 
Poodles. 
Judging lets under way at ti p.m. Tor the Speciality Shows of the Collie Club of San A ntonio, San Antonio W ei- maraner Club, San Antonio English 
Springer Spaniel Club and the Irish 
Setter Club of San Antonio. 

 r w i M u i u r . I ...... 
[ NUMBERS J 

I 
1 2 n o o n . 
I Deadline 
M o n . 3-14-77 

* 5o 2 7 8 - 36- 398o 

IN G i n CERTIFICATE 
* 1 o 259‘ 82*o896 
IN GIFT CERTIFICATE 

* 2 5 4 5 9 -o 3 -8 6 2 1 
IN GIFT CERTIFICATE 
*1 o*6 3 -62-7843 

IN G i n CERTIFICATE 

* 2 5 * 4 9 - 54-4896 

IN GIFT CERTIFICATE 
* 1 o 458"46" 1589 
IN GIFT CERTIFICATE 

* 1 o 4 5 7 - 6 2 -8 1 4 7 
IN G i n CERTIFICATE 
* 1 o *66-18-8627 
IN GIFT CERTIFICATE 

187-14-2187 
TWO ’5 SPURS TICKETS 
461-6o-o114 
TWO *5 SPURS TICKETS 

 f 
C la im s not h n n n rgd on Sot. a r Sun. 

Winners must bring their Social Security card and another form of iden­ 

 tification to the SW EEPSTAKES EDITOR at the Express-News building, 

Ave. E and Third St. by the deadline indicated above. Prizes will be 

 forfeited otherwise. ALL PRIZES ARE IN THE FO R M OF GIFT CERTI­ 

FICATES FOR THE A M O U N T W O N REDEEMABLE AT STO RES W H IC H 

HAVE ADVERTISED IN THE S A N A N T O N IO EXPRESS, THE N E W S, 

O R WEEK END EXPRESS-NEW S THIS WEEK. Winners of Spurs tickets 

 will receive ticket claim letters with which they may claim their two free 

 tickets to the home game of their choice. 
A BONUS NUMBER 
WORTH *1,ooo OR M O RE 
IN PRIZES 
EACH SU N D A Y 

PLUS A SUBSCRIBER BONUS 
THAT CAN WIN YOU UP TO 
$5oo EXTRA IN PRIZES! lf you re the winner of our big $1,ooo Bonus Number, and you're a present subscriber to the daily San Antonio 
Express and The News, you'll be awarded an A D D I­ 
TIO N AL $5oo IN PRIZES! lf you win the Bonus Number, and you are a present subscriber to the daily Express or 
The News, you’ll claim an additional $25o in prizes! 

SEND IN YOUR ENTRY TODAY 
The earlier you get it in, the more draw ings yo u ’ll be eligible for! 

NO PURCHASE N ECESSA RY. Entry cards also available at the Ex­ press-News upon request. Winning numbers may be viewed at the newspaper offices from 8:3o a m. to 5:3o p.m. Monday - Friday or at public libraries during open hours. 

T ilt Rules: 

I. TO IN T U 

 ap .lh OM .fPHK*l<4 trtPgrmgPrgPP wMt raw* ta rial W.up" p Numb*' a n a a w a >• Pa S W U M S T A M S l l 
M 
I U 
A M O 
M 
V I 
P O A O A 
I S A S Am p * m m w t a . a . t l l * l 
I t * aaary . p m n a n m m i A a .M A g p ■ ab ta a p a P H a .4 g p M r g tt g A . a n a 

 pPpopp appui. A 
N a p vrtPpata ta ta gww-gd Pa oppPo p tnppjp < arO * w it. pppopiaAPa a * 
PPpa 
I a g r . t i 
M aw p A a a I a l p IK ..a At . Praan 
A M a a n . t a 
I M a 1* a a a * 
P a p t Aa t a t a ta (A a * * m g 
P IA 
A a a a a a a opppA Pa M O tarPO a Pa 
PPpa tago aap a r PPaart aa A atA a r a a a a a. pat* la a O A a n Pita opPpop 
PWP. O r WM ap PAa 
MO A a a 4 

 it a a r c t a n ! 

 la A n H A c r Pa PA# A a ply t a n A n . fatw a ( a t r a i l o n A Tha M a o ri 
Aa a r pKa a tli A a a a ra rA a M a a ar* 
A lfio n a* A S o 4 in o r ta a l- 
I* 
*Mo 

I. M in s 
A r n o t appl* A a o t t o .a a A or),. *Aan- 

A uto m a I . a r a a * a n a T A . M a w r 

 a craton! mpA.pppAop ta PA# Wail* t a p r o n OM *Ko M a o ri 
A a a r P*rt patM A a a w a rM a A an aAAptta n a* 
A 3 AO m p r t i a i 

A A TUA D A V AK I X IA W i l l C O M A I A* 
O f: 
S A D I U 
3A (3 ) 
I D t i l 
3 IA U M A A A ( IC I* IT A (A A A M ) 

D A U T A M IX IA IN A O TM TMA l l - 
A M IA ! A M O T IM N t W k 

A S O ( l l as (ii 
T D (A ) 
3 AAUAA A t TIC I I I TA (3 A A M ) 

A 
T O T A ! 
O f 
A 3 o o 
IN 
A A I X It 
D A K T A W A A S t t A U A t T IC A IT A ! 

3. H O W Y O U C A N 
W IN : 

 u n til A A rn. T i t Potto or to g M o , t o flow n arrant IP a aproning m m rA p r 
It uwMIip A .4 a n TrrOay, AaPwrMay. a r t a w May. Pita g r u n t m a t ! A a plarpnaM A y S a PPI 
Itta f o llo w in g 
M o n d a y a r (Play wpm A a I a r ia tra d 
MT im port m a y t a m o ta PAO Crr- 
< a le rio n 
D o g ! a * rpm 
I l y t p i t 
M a w ! Atn ldPn g 
A a a . I a n d TK a d 
Al. la I law n iptaw g r u n t 
T A ay 

Aa cwrppy na m A p p , g r o f a r a b ly g 
A attal Aocwrrty c a r A. o*w i a tA a r 

 ta g r a c p -M a w t A a c a d a n a A ro w . m g i On Owl ro d Marty a n d o n Tri 
M a y t tar 
Wig w o o * a n d . anti 
Mf m a o ri WPM A a p a w . 
-g rftP M g ty i anPtPiPng 

M aw d a y taW m art anil A a A r a apa 
PA# opp pp M a g * r id g y 
TA# oa rlta r yaw ta m l rn y o u r a m a y lA a m a r a 

Porno I . a r a 11 
TA# M ao ri, o r Aor a r d a y a r T r n d a y la g r a a a - M a w i 

I U N O A P 
A M IX IA 
WHX 
COPP A IT ) 
O f 
M OMM A 
.P U M AP C t ta O M IM 

A1 OMO OM 
M O M ! 
(A C M 
W i l y f i l i i IO A M M A S t T IC M IT A (A C M 

 if 
Mm 

4. D EA DilN K TO C LA IM 
M I Z I S 

I t a r OPP (A a M a o ri a n d t a Par d o p a n d I un da y 
It g r a t t -M a o ri ta g r a m a a a a n atilt 
A a a # wwpd n o o n lim tai t a n m g d a y l a c la im g r u n t 
PP# tap a r m n a n a n d Adnra 

P a il M m ( a g r o m a n d M a a it A y M m anSTAaAarfarPad 

S. W H O M A Y IN TER 

TA# S A O OOO A tn o a gp P a A a i TP I* a g o n rn a n y r a ttdanP a t a n y m a o a t l a t l PA# A a a A n t o n io ( a g r o m a n d t a o M a o r i a ra iMaPrtAwPad 
Tim o n ly ragw tr a m a n p it rptar A a d r tim A n t a rn 
Aneta* l a t w n iy in rn M a i t ragi c y o g i a n d A m n a d i a la 
ParrwAat a f 
( a g r a c a -M a a t t 
C a r y a n d 
M i a r id f r m trn g 
C a . lA a tr a g t nap a n d dta triO w io ri a r a 
M i iillglA ld . 
M O f U M C M A M 
IA 
M ACAAAAMT T O fM TAM O M C L A IM 
A A M U ! 
A n e n try c a rd rail 

A o r* m a y A a a m a ra d a l M m l a - g r n u M a o ri 
AwildPng P ra m 
I J H a m l a A tSO p m 
M o n d a y Tri d a y . a r a l g wA A i t iA ra rm i d w rm g a g o n 
A nura 
T O U 
N H O 
M O T tU S A C M M t 
O M 
M A K I 
A N T f U M C M A A I S u i yow a n o il a m a r Pa 
A a a I U M I I l a arm. T M H O I H A IA 
VO PO 
PW PPC M I 
C U I M U T IO 
MT 
L A W . 

 mmmmmmmm ADHERE TO POSTCARD, PLEASE! 

San Antonio kCxpres* 
* 

H ie N ew s '5o,ooo SWEEPSTAKES 7 7 
□ 
Y E S 

I turd it Md Nom* SWffcNTAXtS r o lo. 2SSS 
Son AnPcjrptO I*COt 7HJO/ 

 u n i f y 
C f * C U L A T i O n O f i t 

M Y M C M i M C M i m r M U M O 
U t i l 

I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 

II 
I 
I 
I 
I 

 n 

N O 

Wee*# gntgp mg rn 
Mpg 
SW ttRViUtfS on i I nowid 
••Sd ie on far a tubs* . ppton at rwjtp olgO bd tom tot TH# M U 
YO doyi 

H m m p n l p i m d w pp*d 
Sw tfciS!A itis bnf I grata! nor M w d g a tuimneticwr to 

 i»L|N«OH 

 gif« 
. _ _ 

□ 
S l g o A # H O W M * A a « p 
□ 
IMH 4* 

□ 
I M*A t f r a iM f y • 
U i af Mfdcadb • 

AIU 

„„ ■ rnr- 
|»AH 
.. . ll* :. 

 y o f M d H # » * i i S u n O n . 
J H e a t # »••»» 4 M *» » e r» « I MV# § PIPP MAA 4 l u n O M f rn* MM* tigiu 
Nm** 

< 4 d > M i N m I p grM P p d b u i t M N t i # N g * l - 
— 
M U , * O u i M i M y M O M H O M A 
• bdl Mi IMM Nm * p ppMMHM WM lf*M IdlMMPP Mwri4og ii.OMp M*! 

We want to be your favorite store 

MEN’S 
GUAYEBERA 

“W E D D IN G ” SH IRTS . 

REG. 6.96 

SoftnPrfetty 
PRINTS 
9 

'TH' 

KNEE 
HIGH 
ASST. 

2 ? 1 

REG. 88< 

S traig h t-u p o r c u ffee in o p a q u e nylon. 
A sso rte d six es a n d co lo rs. 

M E N ’S 
BRIEFS 

OR 

T-SH IRTS 

PKG. OF 2 

IRREGULARS 

I 77 

Mtn t undtnMor rn white only In S BI - 
XL 

6 6 

2 o G AL. 
METAL 

TRASH 
CANS 

REG. 6.47 

Heavy oll-metol construction, complete with lid and handles. 

STP 
GAS 

TREATMENT 

RIG. 874 

Tor top performance ond got mileage I ox can 

KIM BERLY CLARKE 

.. 3 / $l 
2/*l 
3 /8 8 * 

• HI-DRI 
PAPER TOWELS............... 
• 4 PACK TOILET TISSUE 
• SOTT ’N PRETTY____ 
• VIVA 
PAPER N A P K IN S .... 
• 2ooCT. 
^ 
/ S I 
KLEENEX TISSUE.........................* 3 / 
I 
• KOTEK 
MAXI P A D S ............................ 2 / * 3 
PKG. FOAM CUPS 
Pkg. of 5o. 6 % oz. cups............ 
• • • • • • 
2 
/ 8 
8 

Choose from o large group of solid color “Mexican Wedding 
Shirts,” at o low Woolco price. 
White, Blue, Yellow, & Ton. S-M- 
L-XL 

PRINGLES 

TWIN PACK 
66* 

LIMIT TWO 
| 

 rr sJif.^ ’'■r 

 r n j — 
» f 
* 
I ' a1 \ 

PEPSI OR 
7-UP 
TWIN PACK 

PKG . OF 6 
SPORT SO CKS 
7 2 * 9 o ” 
BLANKET ASST. 
97 
96 
LIMIT 
THRU 
REG. 5.27 

White and strip-top cushto foot crews or soft cotton/nylon. Sixes on. 

REG. 6.53 

Prints included Indian or Floral designs. Solids too! Groat colors. 

KETTLE CLOTH 
PRINT FABRIC 

7, 

77 

REG. 2.29 

5o% Fonm./TOiYfsift so% conoi 
45/44" wide Available rn ossottcd colors. 
Zee bine washable. 

W INFIELD 7 x 3 5 
BINO CULARS 

8 8 

REG. 22.95 

Center focus binoculars with sharp lens for general use. With carrying case. 

R A M ER O RO NEY 
POCKET CA M ER A 
99 

REG. 16.97 

KAntigo 1 1 o -1 3 . I S g a g . . . . 7 7 * 
K A m m o 
PuaoiAipp T W I N . . . . . . . . . 
9 . 4 9 

HERBAL 
ESSENCE 

SH A M P O O 
97 * 

RSG. 1.39 

J like washing your her in o fragrant mountain pool. 
Made with natural fragrance of 
19 herbs and wtld flowers. 

U N ISO N IC 
CALCULATOR 
99 

WOOLCO PRICE 

Floating decimal, automatic con­ stant factor. % key, S digif capa­ city. 

SH ARP 23-CH . 
CB R A D IO 
88 
ONLY 

With Otho Ibm, AX, S/If mtitr. (honntl mdKatOf LQuMkh. FA, Volume 

SAW ® vs/ 
A M M O SALE 

22 Cal. Mm flre 
_ 
B o n o f SO ................... 2 
/ * I 

3o-oo SOFT POINT . . . 
18o Grain. Box of 1o • • Am 

3o-3o SOFT POINT 
I 5o Grain. Box of IO . . AL 

RELY-ON 
CAU LKIN G 

'FOK 

11 hmd ounce cartridge that hts stendafd lauding gun*. 

FLUORESCENT 
SH O P LITE 
88 

'RIG. 17.99 

•umhmmT *"* 
4tfj will NG 

4 ll t«4 

TOOL BO X 
W ITH TRAY 
77 

RIG# 3.77 

Heavy duty gouge sleet with UH- out IOMI troy 

 r 
*<>oi to t u . . i ? . " " a tTSrr"" S, W O O L C O it M i VAS THE ilO H T to LIMIT QUA N TITIES— N O T i t S r O N M t t l t o o I r MOOR A N H C A t l l i Q t i 

1 o 6 G IL L RO . 
HIAR WOMO4IUMo 
732-3311 

4 S o 3 W IS T 
C O M M E R C E 
4 3 4 -9 4 1 1 

3 2 7 F A IR 
A V I N O ! 
3 3 3 - 8 1 6 6 

3 2 1 4 3 .W . 
M IL IT A R Y O R . 
9 3 4 - 1 4 4 1 
Conv«ntent f in Pif nent 
6 

2 7 1 o A U S T IN 
MWV i i WAI I H I 

4 3 3 -6 4 6 1 

Ut i«4v Pun 
S H O R W O O L C O 9 i3 o A . M . T O t i 3 o R . M . M O N D A Y T H R U S A T U R D A Y 

SUY WUN CONflOMCf? 

SATHE ACHOR fiUAIANTitO*' 

O h ( t i W s t H O M I B H H R * A H « 

V*..— 
I,, | X 

/ 

DRUG DEPARTMENT 
SPECIALS 

A. 5 OZ. GLIEM l l 
67* 
B. 7 OZ. GLEIM l l 
87* 

C. 7 OZ. PRELL LIQUID... 91* 

D. 5 OZ. PRILL CONCT. 1 .2 1 
I. SECRET 13-OZ.............1 . 4 4 f. SECRET 1-OZ 
2 / * l 

W e w a n t to b e y o u r fa v o r it e s to re . 

LADIES’ POLOS 
297 

Short sleeves or 
M u scle sleeves, T-shirts in 1oo % cotton. C h o o se from m ony solid co lors in 
S -M -t. 
H urry in a n d pick several 

 a t this low , low price. 

LADIES’ JEANS 
9 97 
Ladies straight leg jeans in blue Denim . 1 o o % cotton in sizes 7 -1 6 . M a tch up with our selection of g a u ze shirts. 

LADIES SHIFTS 
2 s5 

N o-iron p o ly ester/ cotton sleeveless “ b tk i" shifts with one patch pocket. Floral prints. S M A L L , M E D IU M , L A R G E , X- 
LA R G E. 

BED PILLOW 
ASSORTMENT 
2 $6 
^ ™ F o R 

Soft, n o n a lle rg e n ic bed pillow s. 
Stock up now and save. 

COURTESY PLAIN 
A PRINT FABRIC 
2 for 
• 

R E G . 

9 7 « 

3 5 '3 6 " wide. 
1oo% cotton. 
A ssorted colors and prints. 
THREAD........................ 7 / $ l 

SHOE DEPT. 

MENS’ & BOYS 
SPORT SHOES 
3 91 

REG. 5.96 

Black only. D urable vinyl uppers. 
S port podded co llar. 
C le a te d soles. M ens and boys sizes. 

BARBEQUE 
BEEF ON A BUN 
AND BEVERAGE 
$1 
SAVE 2o4 

Tangy barbecue beef on a toa st­ ed bun. 
C h oice o f sm all bev­ erage. 

CHILDREN’S PKG. 
ANKLE SOCKS 
9 9 * 
REG. 
1.34 

3 pair o f socks in assorted colors. 
1 oo% Stretch nylon. 

MASSENGIL 
4 PAK DOUCHE 
$1 
REG. 
1.57 

On* si th* QU likest, easiest douches ever. 
Th*r* is no erasing or spilling Disposable 

TAMPAX 4o CT. 
SUPER OR REGULAR 
9 7 
REG. 1.37 

Tumpe* tam pons in regular or super absorbent. Stock up ow at this m oney saving price. 

REG. 73< 

STYLE 

13 OZ. 
HAIR 

SPRAY 
2/*l 

Contains no fluorocarbons. Envir­ onm entally safe aerosol. 

CORN BROOM 
I 33 

REG. 2.97 

D urable, with long w ood handle. 
Hurry in now and save. 

REDMON CLOTHES 
HAMPER 
9 97 

A ttractive painted w icker with vinyl covered lid. 
Stylish trim. 
Lovely colors. Picture sim ilar. 

WINFIELD TAN 
BASKETBALL 
5 
REG. 6.99 

In ton or Red W h ite Blue 
O f ­ ficial sue . Hurry m now and save. 

WINFIELD 

WINFIELD 5ooo 
SOFTBALL GLOVE 
77 

REG. 23.66 
1 7 

Top groin cow hide b a se b a ll glove. 

ROLLER DERBY 
SHOE SKATES 
5 44 

REG. 7.86 

In W ack or w h ile. Buy n ow (Mid sav e A vow able rn a s s o rte d sices 

BODY EXERCISER 
8 8 

Ft#ms arad shapes your body 
In sh u t hon* «m hided 

SWEAT SHIRTS 
OR PANTS 
3 44 

REG. 4.29 

Raglan style sleeved shut 
Pants with draw string waist grey S u e s S to XL 
O x fo rd 

ADULTS A CHILDS 
LIFE VESTS 
5 88 

REG. 6.99 

 turns yin wise turn ••or ti tee* up rn eat*' 
OSIO approved Vries Ira adults and lei kids Murry *v*i 

 f rn ■ . C o MAIM * .I I ALV f t, s i n # 
A 
LEM Ur 

* (ucveraMt TURI * H m m ! 
* £«MBRIBal U f l M f W * 

IOO O IH t o . 
MQA8 MOMOH LAMO 
793.331 I 

49 o 9 WIST 
COM M ! RC I 
49 4 .o 4 9 1 

937 FAM 
AVENUE 
S 9 9 .9 1 4 4 

3 3 1 4 9 .W . 
MILITARY DR 
9 3 4 . 1 4 4 1 

3 7 1 o A U S T IN 
KWT SI W Aillt* 
o53-4461 

S H O R W O O i C O 9 s3 o A M . I O f i3 o R .M . M O N D A Y T H R U S A T U R D A Y 

W O O tC O E I M ! V I I i m EIGHT IO U M I! Q U A N T I!!!* 
H O I E lk P Q N ftlS L l FO S IV P O G IA P H K A I IR R O R S fm m — m m — m m m m m m m ii iii....... 

BUT WITH CONF tut NCP 

SATISFACTION OUARANTilO* 

Ii MUN* I H *!hi< (UU! WAHI 
J 

SALT talks are reopening in two w eeks 

WASHINGTON STAR SERVICE 
WASHINGTON - Paul C . 
Warnke leaves for Moscow in two weeks to begin his new job of negotiating on arms control with the Soviet Union in an .ef­ fort to break a two-year dead­ lock. 

Beyond his attem pt to complete a second S trateg ic A rm s L im itations 
|Treaty — SALT ll — that will put a limit on nuclear weapons before the first treaty expires next Oct. 3, Warnke faces the more complex negotiations for a third treaty that might reduce nuclear arsenals. 
There is no indication yet that the 
Soviet Union has changed its position on SALT ll to permit a quick treaty. 
President Carter said Wednesday. 
And negotiating reductions "leading ultimately to the complete elimination of atomic weapons from the face of the earth . . . is going to be a long, slow , tedious process," Carter said. 
Critics 
The Senate appro ved W a rn k e ’s handling that process by 58 to 4o votes 
Wednesday after bitter attacks by cri­ tics who charged him with being too soft to protect U.S. interests properly. 
Republican support was required to give Carter his negotiator choice be­ cause only 48 Democrats supported it while 12 opposed. 
Warnke’s parallel job as head of the 
A rm s C ontrol and D is a rm a m e n t 
Agency, m aking him C a rte r’s chief adviser on the subject, was approved 
7o to 29, with SH Democrats voting for him and five against. 
Warning 
Denying Warnke approval as nego­ tiator by a two-thirds vote was seen by some opponents as a warning that any treaty he arranges might have trouble winning Senate approval, which re ­ quires two-thirds. But Carter told his news conference Wednesday that he felt the opposition showed a lack of confidence “ in my own ability and at­ titudes as a chief negotiator," since he would have to ap p ro v e an y th in g 
Warnke does. 
*i think the attacks on Mr. Warnke are primarily by those who don't want to see substinitial reductions in nuclear weapons in the world,” Carter said. 
The question Warnke will tackle is whether the Soviets do either. Ile is scheduled to accompany Secretary of 
State Cyrus R. Vance to Moscow on a two-day visit that primarily intended to explore Salt prospects. 
The immediate problem is wrapping up a treaty along lines agreed upon in 

PAUL WARNKE 
. . . going to Moscow 

N ovem ber 1974 at V ladivostok by then-President Gerald It. Ford and the 
Soviet Communist party ’s secretary, 
Leonid I. Brezhnev. 
They decided that the successor to the five-year SALT Treaty signed in 
1972 should restrict each superpower to 
2,4oo nuclear delivery sy stem s, in ­ cluding no more than 1.32o missiles with multiple warheads. 
Argument 
An argument developed over includ­ ing in the controlled delivery systems a new Soviet supersonic bomber known as Backfire and small subsonic flying bombs known as cruise missiles. 
The Pentagon insists that Backfire bus an intercontinental range capabi­ lity which requires its inclusion, hut 
Moscow denies this. The United States is an estimated five years ahead of the 
Soviet Union in developing c ru ise m issiles, with tactical deploym ent possible by the beginning of the 19Xos, and Kremlin negotiators have Insisted that they must be controlled. 
C a r te r ’s a d v ise rs th ou gh t th is deadlock might he broken and a quick agreement obtained on Salt ll before 
Salt I expired by putting aside the 
Backfire and cruise missile problems for Salt III. But so far this expectation has not been borne out. 
U.S.: Impartial in Middle East 

MIW rot* TIMES StRVICt 
WASHINGTON - The Carter Ad­ ministration bus taken steps in the past 24 hours to try to convince Israel and the Arab states that President 
Carter’s new Middle Fast proposals do not mean an end to American im par­ tiality in negotiations. 
A dm inistratio n officials acknow ­ ledged T hu rsd ay that no advance warning was given of Carter’s surprise decision to d isclo se in his news conference Wednesday his adm inis­ tration's hitherto secret views on the outline for a future overall Middle Fast settlement that had only just been divulged confidentially lo P rem ier 
Yitzhak Rabin of Israel. 
In his remarks. Carter took positions that have been publicly opposed for different reasons by lait Ii Israel and the Arab states. There was concern among Middle Fast experts that in­ stead of furthering the process of peace. C arter’s comments could set it back. Thus, the officials were eager to soften the impact of the comments. 
Israeli sources said that Zbigniew 
Brzezinski, the White House national security adviser, telephoned Hunan 
Bar-on, the No. 2 official in the Israeli 
Fmbassy, to stress that Carter had not meant to make public a hard aud fast plan, hut ra th e r to encourage the process of negotiating by the parties themselves. 
Crux 
They said that Brzezinski read to 
Bar on from the transcript of the news conference, a section that avoided an.v of the controversial points m ade by 
Curter. The adviser reportedly told the 
Israeli diplomat that this portion was the crux of the policy. 
He said: “ We are going to mount a 

J major effort in our own government i i i 
7 to ring the parties to Geneva Db- viously any a g re e m e n t has to be lietwcen the parties concerned 
‘‘We will aet us an interm ed iary when our good offices will serve well. 
But I am not trying lo predispose our own n atio n 's a ttitu d e tow ard what might In* the ultim ate details of the agreement that eau mean so much to world peace" 
Vance 
Late Wednesday, Secretary of state 
Cyrus It Vance met with a delegation headed by R abbi A lex an d er 
M 
Schindler, chairman of the Cc life ref ice of P re s id e n ts of M ajor A m erican 
Jew ish O rganizations, and told that 
I g ro up of leaders that the United Stales wanted to remain an impartial m edia­ tor. 
\ alice also quoted lo them from the same section that Br/eziuski had ea r­ lier cited lo the israelis and authorized 
I the group to publicly make use of his 
I observation 
Stale Department officials said that 

 the same question was being circulat­ ed to interested foreign governments as the main thrust of the President’s comments. 
Iii his rem arks Wednesday, Carter sketched out the view that Israel and the Arab states should agree on a so­ vereign b o rd e r to be achiev ed iii phases, aud that in addition, Israeli defenses could be extended beyond that frontier in some fashion. 
But the President said that in his view, Israel would have to yield vir­ tually all of the land occupied since 
1987 and that there might In* only some m inor a d ju stm e n ts i i i the p re -1987 borders. 
The Israelis have always insisted that their frontiers i i i a settlement had to he defensible and to include more than minor changes. 
I'he Arabs, however, had insisted on all territory being returned and have opposed (‘veil “ minor" changes. 
As a result of these opposing con­ cepts. the previous administration aud most experts in the government have opposed the United S tates m ak ing public its concept of how far Israeli withdrawals would have to go. 
Israeli diplom ats were d early un­ happy with the President’s decision to disclose his views openly at a tim e when Rabbi is involved in a re-election campaign. 
Fukuda no! with Carter over rights 

IGV ANGI H i TIMtb StRVtC! 
IGK VG — Prim e Minister Taken 
Fukuda indicated Thursday hi* would not support or join President Carter’s campaign for human rights in foreign policy when he meets the President in 
Washington March 21-22 
Fukuda, speaking at a luncheon at the Foreign Correspondents Club, said he was i i i agreement with I arter “ that human rights must Im* respected ’* But then tie added 
"Iii applying the philosophy (of hu­ man rights in foreign policy), how­ ever, Japan and the United States arc 

 i i i different positions. Jap an must think of how lo apply (such a Philo sophy) from its own |M»siiion." 
The 72-year-old Fukuda declined it offer any word of supiMirt for C arter’* stance Nor would he comment on whai advice, if any, he might offer tin 
President on applying human right? considerations to countries i i i Asia particularly South Korea 
"This is a vet) delicate issue, in said 

SAN ANTONIO EXPRESS— Friday March I I 1977 

VTV* 
Q e 9 “ ( S 
^ o ° H 

S N o e 
o e ° 
. o ^ v > o ° 

& , , 

\o 

27.75 to 78.75 orig. 37.oo 1o5.oo 

Save 25% to 33 1/3% on Leeds Gran Largo ll. 
Good looking vinyl and fabric combination luggage in tobacco or parchment. Too quality savings* orig. 
Sale 

Shoulder tote bag 
37.oo 
27.75 

Weekender tote 
43.oo 
28.65 

21 in. weekender 
49.oo 
36.75 

24-in. jr. pullman 
59.oo 
44.25 

26 in. pullman 
69.oo 
51.75 

29 in. overseas 
79.oo 
59.25 

3o in. gament carrier 
95.oo 
71.25 

Garment carrier/wheels 
1o5.oo 
78.75 

Sanyo AM/FM Stereo Turntable, Cassette Recorder 
The compact home entertainment center you want at 5o.oo savings! Built in tape deck has auto-stop, keyboard controls. 
Full size 3-speed record changer, 2 SX95 acoustic suspension speakers with 6-inch dual cones. Walnut finish. Model GXT 
45o5. Sight 'N Sound. (Not available at North Star) 
Orig. 249.95 
199.99 

Sanyo AM/FM Portable Cassette Recorder 
Super combination...super value not found in other models at this low price! Records off the air while you listen, has built-in condensor mike, auto shut-off, push button controls. 
AM/FM radio. Operates on AC or DC. Sight 'N Sound. 
(Not available in North Star) 
Orig. 59.95 
49.99 

Lloyds AM/FM Digital Clock Radio 
Displays day, date, hours, minutes and seconds. Black­ light for easy readability, slide controls. Wake to music or chirp alarm...snooze bar delay. 24 hour set and forget system. Earphone jack for private listening. Simulated walnut cabinet. (Not available at North Star) 
Sight 'N Sound. 
Orig. 69.95 
49.99 

Boyle’s is $25o bail 
.OOO 

M EDIA, Pa. (A P ) — A judge set bail of 
$25o,ooo for former 
United 
Mine W orkers President Tony A. 
Boyle, whose conviction for ordering the murder of a union rival has been overturned. 
Judge Francis Catania, who last month refused Boyle’s request to be freed, also ordered that arrangements be made to have him transfered from th(> Western State Pen iten tiary in 
Pittsburgh to a state facility at Dallas, 
Pa., pending a new trial. 

There was no immediate word on whether the bail would be paid 
Defense attorney A. Charles Peruto argued that Boyle, 75, would be no threat to jump bail because of failing health. He also stressed that he needed to work with Boyle to piece together information for the new trial, which must be held within ISO days by law. 

Peruto asked the court to consider no bail at all. 
. 
, 
Boyle, still weak f r o m a heart attack and an unsuccessful suicide attempt, did not attend the bail hearing. 
Richard Sprague, the special pro­ secutor who won the conviction a” ainst 
Boyle, did not object to bail, but recommended that it be set at SJOO.IhH). 
On Jan. 28. the P e n n s y l v a n i a Su­ preme Court granted Boyle a new trial and set aside his three consecutive lite prison terms in the Dec. 31, 1989, killings of Joseph “ Jock 
^ ablonski, his wife and daughter. 
The high court upheld that decision on Feb. 24 following an appeal and set up today’s bail hearing. 
The Supreme Court said Catania, the judge at Boyle’s Delaware Count> trial, erred in not allowing testimony that might have shown others in­ dependently plotted to kill \ ablonski. 
Attorney: Still 
Ray’s lawyer 

NASHVILLE. Tenn (A P ) - James 
Lesar says he regards him self as 
James Earl Ray’s attorney and will do so until he is fired outright. 
And. the Washington lawyer says he will continue to oppose any appearance by the convicted killer of Dr. Martin 
Luther King Jr. before the House as­ sassinations committee until he is relieved of his job. 
Lesar said Jack Kershaw, who now claims to be Ray’s attorney, has con­ tacted him but has not asked for the 
Ray case files. 
“ I think it’s a terrible mistake on his 
(Ray’s) part if he gets Mr. Kershaw,” 
Lesar said. "One of the difficulties is that Ray’s past attorneys have been clearly motivated by financial gain or publicity reasons, and he enters the ease again in a manner which suggests that history is repeating itself. 
Position 
"M y position is that until he (Ray) fires me. I will continue to try to give him proper advice as to what is in his best interest." 

Kershaw was named as Ray’s attor­ ney in a letter purportedly from Ray revealed last week by the House as­ sassinations committee. 

Kerhsaw. in an interview with The 
Associated Press last Friday, said he would allow Ray to testify before the committee if certain conditions were met, including a surrender by the committee of some of its control over questioning. 

Lesar, who has spent six years with­ out pay working oil Ray s case in an effort to get a new trial, said the com­ 

 mittee has "prejudged” the case by assuming that if there were a conspir­ acy to kill King, Ray — who pleaded guilty to the 19B8 murder — is part of it The remarks of Lesar. interviewed in Washington, were reported here 
Lesar said the committee's iiives. ligation “ is just a continuation of the total lawlessness that has character­ ized the James Earl Ray case from the beginning." 
I 
Court 
\ 

The attorney said he might go to court iii ap effort to prevent the conf- mittee from hearing testimony by Ray on the King murder. i 
Lesar called committee counsel Ri­ chard Sprague "a scoundrel” anti charged that new inform ation 
Sprague claims to have on the Kiwg m urder is not new, but is instep! 
"based on something printed in Harold 
Weisburg’s book, ‘Frame-up.’ ” 
I 

Lesar said the book tells of an in­ cident in which a man identified gs 
Joseph A. Melteer was taped by an informant for Miami police as sayirjg in November, I DBB — shortly before the 
Kennedy assassination in D a lla s £- that the President would be shot by an assassin with a high-powered rifle from a tall building. 
* 

The attorney said as a result of lije tape, plans for a Kennedy trip lo 
Miami were changed. 

In Ray's case. Lesar said the House committee investigators are likely talking about what Lesar called "a rumor that Ray met with a co-cod* spirator in Po rtu g al.” 

Nord* $ia< ii Wonderland jai 
»o to 9 
Hi 
Bank A m ffteard 
Charge Am erican I unrest 
An 
Comp## 

Brazil 
N-talks go on 

BONN, West Germany 
(A P ) — U.S. Assistant 
Secretary of State W ar­ ren Christopher opened a second round of explora­ tory talks with the Bonn government Thursday on the controversial Der- man-Brazil nuclear deal and other questions of nuclear proliferation. 
W arren briefly con­ ferred with Chancellor 
Helmut Schmidt at noon before meeting ills Ger­ man opposite number, 
Foreign Office U nder­ secretary Peter Hermes, for formal talks. Warren also met later with Fo­ reign Minister Huns Die­ trich Gcnscher. 
Before the latest round started, there was no in­ dication of a break iii the 
U S -German deadlock over the 1975 agreement under which West Ger­ many plans to sell Brazil 
$4 8 billion worth of nu­ clear technology. 
The U.S. government has opposed the deal because ll would give 
Brazil the m ean* to produce a nuclear bomb. 
NASA boss to resign 

W A SH IN G TO N ( A P ) 
— Dr James C, Fletcher said Thursday he w ill re­ sign May I as adminis­ trator of the National 
Aeronautics and Space 
Administration 
Fletcher, who was ap­ pointed lo the position in 
1971 by President Nixon. said iii an announcement that tie w ill return to private life 
Highlights of his ad­ ministration included the 
I final flights in the Apollo moon-luudtng program, 
I Hie Skylab spate station, the U S.-Russian joint inaiuitHl space flight and the Viking unmanned landings un Mars 

Vegetable 
Garden 
Clinic 

7:oo VEGETABLE GARDEN CUNIC 
Ah Spring! When a gardener's fancy turns to lush tomatoes . . . scrumptious squash 
. . . crisp, cool cucumbers. M M M 1 Doesn't sound like your garden? Well, there's help tonight on Channe 9. Phone in you? gardening questions to some real green thumbs in the KLRN studio . . . don't let Spring catch you unprepared this year! 
11:oo ROCK FOLLIES 
Episode 
Two 
"On 
The 
Road" 
Th* 
Little Ladies go on the road, meeting new male friends who create problems when their London boyfriends decide to make a surprise visit. 
12:oo ROCK FOLLIES 
Episode Three "The Talking Pictures'* 
After unsuccessful auditions for all the major recording companies in London, the girls first accept, then reject, an offer to appear in a soft-core pornographic film. 

SOME GREHL things to see 
ON PUBLIC TV! 
MARCH 4-2o; 

KLRN-TV 
Bon 7164 Austin I 
Bon B San Antoni* I 

I would ilka to 
Enclosed * my a member few 
□tis 
Ot» 
Quo n 
All members rstsws a full yoars subcell*uon ii 
Ckennel • monthly program guide. THS SCH! O U I I 
NAMI 
______________ 

ADOR SSS. 

CITY_____ 
STAT! 
HP- 

This cistern was dug, lined with big stones and then plastered more than 15o years ago. It is in the ghost town of San Jose de Palafox down on the Rio Grande. San Jose de Palafox was abandoned in I 826 after repeated Indian raids. Rancher Guy H. Smith leases the ranch that includes the town site. He stands amid the ruins of the largest house in the Spanish town. 
George and Bonnie Carmack tell the San Jose de Palafox story in Saturday’s Express-News. 
— Photo by Bonnie Carmack. 

 r * 9 B s i 8 i i BEST IS IN Iff ' 

P P B I 

S & BEN’S 
.auuuirf# • jxtxa wit. . r o u t a m vauw 
Im 

ANCIENT 
AGE 
"he Bourbon Whiskey 
With Age In Its 
Flavor. . . 
86 Proof 
Reg. 11.49 
8.99 
Jumbo Half Gallon 

 us un* 
■ 
M m m m rn' i l i l l h i i f 

S O T i n . f u ir * ■ _ 
« v . 
■......... I?-...... * 
.. • lr rn 
CHIV AS REGAL 12 YEAR 
S6 Proof Scotch Whisky Hog. 14.69.. Biggie Quart 

BALLANTINE 
DECANTER BOTTLE 

Beautiful Gift Bottle 
Filled 
With Top Quality 
Scotch Whisky. 
86 Proof 
Reg. 6.99 
5.69 
Economy Fifth 

BARCLAY GIN 

8o P ro o f 
Req 4 99 

Oh A BMW %Ai%8ht# A 
UAKoTYUUKA 
N 
M h ( . u > 

B ig g ie Q u a rt 4.49 

♦ ♦ # • A ♦ > Cf;* * A A O-' 
I SA lie** 

RON RICO RUM 
SO Proof Rag. 5.59....................... Biggie Quart 4.69 

CHRISTIAN BROS. BRANDY 
SO Proof Rag. 5.69...................... Economy Fifth 4.69 

 smxM mt 
AMARETTO DI CORSO t i ^... . *>■ ...rn rn rn ti a.if. 
JO rTEO VOfOHB f •1F9 VMHPw 
#< x* -A' S * ™ 
' * 
* :± h i*’ '-V 

■CONOMY 
SIZES 
OLD FORESTER BONDED 
WHISKEY c *Q 
IM foef... leg. 6.99.. .WM 3 . O Y 
CANADIAN PREMIUM 
CANADIAN WHISKY 
9 OQ 
SAJ Heel .. I * * 4.99.. iff* J . Y Y 
DON S A BEN S VODKA 
,. Mf. 179.. JOU* 3 .2 9 

BIGGIES 

CORBYS RESERVE BUNDED 
WHISKEY 
A 
oo 
SO Proof... It of. 5.69.. .Quirt 4. YY 

DON S A BEN S IO YR. 
BOURBONWISKEY , AQ 
1o1 Proof So«. 7.99 -Quirt 
o.4Y 

SAMOVAR VODKA A 
OQ 
•4.1 Proof Reg. 5.99.. .Quirt 4 . Y Y 

JUMBO 
VALUES 
DARBY BOURBON WHISKEY nptmI 
7 i n 
•of. 9.69.. .1.75 Mot........ / . H T 
EZRA BROOKS 7 YR. 
BOURBON WHISKEY 

Mf^TlW.. JMH GoUoo .. 1 o .4 9 
BACARDI RUM 
IO Proof 
A A O 
•of. 11.49.. .IMH CoAoo 
T . 4 Y 

CHIANTI, VIN ROSE, 
RHMEGARTEN 

 lljft 
I o 8 9 >JhgUoo| 

N A U L M A B S O N 
PMI-MY, (MAM, or eMtfwaiiA CMseev mUElMrV^A 
11 
IAWMY PQtT, A MAMMA 

 b 
1 . 6 9 

M O U T O N C A D ET 
A O T M SC H ILD 

 b s 2 . 9 9 

S A N A N T O N I O ’S F IN E S T W I N E S E L E C T IO N 

DEL CONTE 
WINE SELECTION 
Chablis, Rhino, Sauterne, Chenin Hone, 
French (otombard A Others... 

MIRASSOU 
WINES 
Petite Sinh, Monterey Rioting, 
Chenin Blanc, Gamey Beaujolais 
2.49 
Galion 
Jug 
Reg. 3.59 2.69 “nr 

 p 

A V I U I 
R O M 
I QQ keeemy I 
I rn W W 
WM I 

Y A G O 
S A N T G A IA 
!% O AQ jmm I 
J . Y # Matt Gelt** | 

K O A BBL 
CHAMPAGNE 
•nit et Extra-Dry 
KS 4.49 “ir 'I 

BLUE NUN 
LIIBFRAUMILCH 
6ERNCASTELER 
Imported From Germany. 

MELANDER! 
LAMBRUSCO tmpoted From Italy. 
EecoHont Rod Table Wine. 

Rag. 3.99 
2 f % 
Economy rn W W 
Fifth 
Reg. 1.99 

SPECIALS G O O P 
THRU SATURDAY 

M A S T E R C H A R G E , 

S A N K A M I R I C A R D 

* 
H O N O R E D 

SA N A N T O N IO EXPRESS— Fridoy March 11 1977 
H 

R iv a l u n io n s en d fe u d 

D O N S & BEN S TEQUILA 
O Q Q 

8o Pro o f G o ld or W h ite 
Req 4 49 ft o n o m y fifth 
% } • 
W 
J 

COI NTREAU CORDI AL 
7 
Q Q 

8o P ro o f 
Req 9 89 lio n o n iy fifth rn 
• rn 
* 

BURLINGAME, Calif. 
(AP) — The jurisdiction­ al tug-of-war fought for years by the Teamsters and 
United 
F arm 
Workers unions ended 
Thursday with an agreement leaving the fields to Cesar Chavez. 
The five-year pact, the result of months of in­ tensive, secret negotia­ tion, gives Chavez’s UFW 

 virtually complete juris­ diction over contracts between grow ers and field l)ands. 
At the same time, the 
Teamsters will have jur­ isdiction over cannery workers, farm truck drivers and other non­ field workers. 
“ Both of us were fed up with fighting each other,” Chavez said at a 

 news conference to an­ nounce the settlement. 
“This will open the door to the United F arm 
Workers and the Team­ sters to concentrate our energies on organizing the farm workers.” 
Teamsters Internation­ al President Frank Fitz­ simmons, who was sit­ ting at Chavez’s side, called the signing “ a 

 momentous occasion” and a tribute to what de­ termination can do to ac­ complish “what at times seemed an insurmounta­ ble task to achieve.” 
The Team sters first organized the field workers in 1961. It was nearly IO years before the 
UFW' and the Teamsters clashed over union representation. 
The 

 struggle escalated in the next few years. 

Chavez once accused the Teamsters of using 
“goon squads” to beat up 
UPW sympathizers. One 
UFW worker was shot to death on a picket line after the union went on strike when table grape growers signed Teamster contracts. 

FALSTAFF, 
PABST 
COORS 
LONE STAR 
PEARL 
BLUE RIBBO N 
Colorado's Pride... 
LO NG NECKS 

^ 
1 .2 9 
12 et. Cans 
9 AQ 
12 Tech.......... 4 .9 7 
1 .4 9 
Cate/24 
I Pies Depart...^ 
9 
9 

Our Wonderful World 
OI Wines 

JOE 
MIXES 
IT R Daiquiri, Moi-lei, 
A Mony Othort 
It Chao— 

 if TAN R adio W ine cl Hie Wee k i 

M IR A F O IR E 
B I A N C O D E L V E N E T O 
Im p o rte d Prom Italy 
J.69 ‘TST’ 

ONN I PAM TO 9 BM 

STAGS LEAP JOHANNISBfHG 
RUSLING a Q Q free. tolrfeowe......... . 1*9.4.49 O . Y Y 
IAUGEROIS BORDEAUX SUPfRIEUR 9 q q 
EMReNeees,faun* ...... tut- 2.69 X . X Y 

BACCHUS ST. ENMON 
9 i Q ieUlevdew*, Heme .... le g 3 29 4 .o 7 
IAUGEROIS BORDEAUX BLANC 
1 fin 
WtMN •mOmub. Hmm ... luf 1.19 I .O Y 
DUtONG MOMBAZU.LAC 
9 9 o 
WEH*HNmw,Hmm ... M f 1.69 A .A T lOUtS LATOUR MACON LUGNY 
9 q q 
Wkm lergeaiy. ffMM .... 1*9.1.79 m#YY cons DU RHOM Bl A UMI S 

S U 
K 
................ I . 2 .2 9 

AUBERT BLANC DI ANJOU 
« q q 
Ump* VObv. Nm* ...... M9-1.49 
I . T Y 
RUDO!! MUttOR I t ill* * ATZ 
9 a q 
MmmAb ........ 1*9 3.19 4 . o 7 

WINE I til VON OS SBI AG I97S 
9 l q 
... ...la a l.lt A . O Y 

G 
O 
O 
D 
Y E A R 
(HEWES 
SPECTACULAR 
Work-Saving Values... This Week Only 

Heavy-Duty Clothes Dryer 
$229” 
Model 5859 

4 drying temperatures 
5 timed drying cycles plus extra-care cycle 
Easy-clean lint trap 
Porcelain enamel drum 

Heavy-Duty Multi-Speed Washer 
*329* 
Model 5528 

• 4 wash and spin speeds 
• Exclusive ‘Mini Basket’ for special care items 
• Filter-Flo lint system 
• Adjustable water level 

15.6 cu. ft. Frost-Free Refrigerator- 
Freezer 

• Power Saver design 
• Large capacity freezer 
• Glide-out rollers 
• Ice ’n Easy service bin 
• Twin vegetable crispers 
• Adjustable storage shelves 

€i i 

12" Diagonal 
Measure 
Portable BAW TV 

$ 8 9 « 5 

MMI OMI 
1 1oo% sohd-state 
• Built in antenna 
• Red/orange finish 

GE 1o" Diagonal 
Measure 
PortaColor TV 
*228 
Model IQT} 

• Brilliant color e /o-position UNF 
• In-tine picture lube 

19" Diagonal 
Measure 
Color TV 
*388 
Model 1747 

• Automatic color control e Custom piclian control 
• 1oo% sond-siate 

 r n 

Convertible 
Dishwasher 
$ 1 9 9 9 5 

Model BZU e 2-level wash action 
• Soft food disposer 
• Easy roiling casters 
• Detergent dispenser 

Easy Cleaning 
3o" Electric 
Range 
$ 1 9 9 9 5 

Mode* ISA! 

 e Removable ovin door e Tiit-ioek heat elements e Recessed cooM op 
• Deep storage drawer 

Just Say “Charge It’ 

ENJOY -CREDIT POWER- 
WITH YOUR OWN 
GOODYEAR REVOLVING 
CHARGE ACCOUNT 

Goodyear Revolving Charge • Our Own Customer Credit Plan • Master Charge 
BankAmericard • American Express Money Card • Diners Club • Carte Blanche 

I.UUU 
I >M 

 b v , M C . . r n GOODBYE A R 

DOWNTOWN 
616IN Iwyi 
( S I M M a s Mery •» 
121-1373 
HIGHLANDS 
IS M ISO A Vt 

SBA. BAAB 

NOA TH SI DC tm un note 
824-2371 

NOftTHWISf 
MMI NIMMKI it 
733-8141 

NOKTHWIST ism tau caul 
434-31o6 

DOWNTOWN 
IAI N sum 
227-738! 

T t i i TNPuTzA 
11479 e—I nm ae 
SOUTHSIDE 
H itle r W U 1 u n dc 
9 2 3 - 4 5 6 3 

W I ST SI D I 
(•ll et I (MUMBO 
72S-7677 

NOK THI AST 
IIH S M IN MWY 
824-o2o8 

N O K TM SI D I rn i os 
344-9786 

NOKTHSIDI m MCI OB 
344-9786 
SOW MOM 
B i m auu 
SIH 

BASTSlDf 
MMI COMMMU 
2 2 3 - 7 2 6 6 

Poge 
1o-B 
H 
S A N A N T O N IO EXPRESS— Fridoy Morch )'I 1977 
Groups disagree on 
S.A. growth sketch 

James Tofflemire of North Bend, Ore., and an unidentified dog handler pass ihe ‘Call of the 
W ild’ check point at Big Lake, Alaska, in the 1,o49 mile dogjdce through our most northern state’s wilderness. The race was run in almost entirely below-zero weather and clear skies. — 
AP Wirephoto 
REBATE 

OLYM PUS OM-*I 

 with FI .8 lens 

Mfr. List 
$384.95 

(•bota Good thro 
Juno 4, 1977 

SALE 
$ 259.99 

Less Factory Rebate 
3o.oo 

Your Cost .......... 
$229.99 

Minolta XE-7 

Robot* Extended thru March 25, 1977 

 with F I.7 lens 

SALE 
$356.oo 

Less Factory Rebate 
6o.oo 

Your Cost 
....... 
$296.oo 

Mfr. List 
$565.oo 

ZOOM LENSES 

7 o -1 5om m f3.8 
Close Focusing 
SALE 

Mfr. List ^ 
_ 
$24o.oo 5 I O D . U U 

1o o -3 o o m m f5.o 

Close Focusing 
$285.oo $ I 8 6 * 8 2 

9 o -2 3 o m m f4.5 

Close Focusing 
$25o.oo $ 1 6 3 .4 8 
Vivitar 

 photo genesis is photography 

AU CAMERA PURCHASERS 
RECEIVE: 

• 4 Week photography course tor 
$15.oo (a $3o savings). 
• A Free Roll of film including free processing and a contact sheet. 
• A Discussion and evaluation of your first roll of film. 

ALL QUANTITIES LIMITED photogenesis, inc. 

5o23 Broadway (Photoplex) 
828-8256 

By DAVID HENDRICKS 
D isagreem ent among 
San A ntonians over a proposed city residential growth sketch was made quite evident to 
City 
Council at a public hear­ ing Thursday night. 
A lthough grow th sketch detractors were only slightly m ore nu­ merous, they were sub­ stantially more vocal. . “ 
The grow th sk etch , proposed tor council s endorsement by the City 
P lanning Com m ission, projects where the city* should plan for residen­ tial growth until the year 
2ooo. 
It is the, first step in Hie 
City Planning Commis-' sion’s preparation of a co m p re h e n siv e 
City 
Master Plan. 
A majority of the Mun­ icipal 
A uditorium audience of abdut 25o people w ere city d e ­ velopers. b u ild e rs and cham bers of coipm erce officials, w ho w ere united ag a in st the , grow th sketch. 
The m a jo r c ritic is m was that the sketch would direct residential ^growth and ignore the a re a s most likely lo' be developed by the free m a rk e t, nam ely the 
North Side. 
This charge was made by Bill O’Connell of the 
G re a te r San 
Antonio 
Chamber of Commerce. 
L a rry 
Baba of the 
Northside School District said projected scattered housing over the 
E d w ard s a q u ife r r e ­ charge zone would sub ­ tract $2H million in a s ­ sessed land value in the school district's tax base. 
He blamed this on a no growth attitude held by the commission. 
City Planning Dir. Bob 
Hunter had earlier told the au dien ce th at the sketch is not a no growth plan because it estimates 
.UM).(MHI new citizens will come to the city by the year 2ooo. 
Urban planner Ralph 
Bender said “this growth presents wishful th in k ­ ing. half-truths, bias and deceit." 
B ecause it r e s tr ic ts growth on the North Side, it will only worsen the city's urban flight situa­ tion. 

North Side Chamber of 
C o m m erce 
E x ecu tiv e 
Dir. Mike Morrow said the growth sketch appro­ val should be held up un­ til a consultant study of the aquifer’s sensitivity to urban grown! is fin­ ished. 
Land ow ner-attorney 
Stanley 
R o sen b erg agreed and said, "before the jury (study) is in. 

 w e're gettin g ready to hang North Side San An­ tonio (with this sketch)." 
G row th sk e tc h s u p ­ p o rte rs la rg e ly r e p r e ­ sented historical neigh­ borhood and downtown. 
Downtown r e s ta u r a ­ teur Arthur Veltman said he supports the sketch 

 and charged the Greater 
San Antonio Chamber of 
C o m m erce no longer re p re se n ts dow ntow n’s best interests. 
P at K ennedy of the 
Monte Vista H istorical 
Assn. said the sketch show s re a so n a b le b a ­ lanced development and 

 inner-city redevelopment to p rev en t declin e of older neighborhoods. 
Fay 
Sinkin of the 
Aquifer Protection Assn., also said she supports the growth sketch. 
Alamo Area Council of 
G overnments Executive 
Dir. Al Notzon said a 

 growth sketch, re g a rd ­ less of what it projects. is needed for m any th in g s, in clu d in g AA­ 
CCX!'s waste water plan­ ning required by the fe­ deral government. 
The council did not vote on the proposed sketch. 
Candidates clash on 
District 8 revenues 

By SARA MARTINEZ 
Two D istrict 9 City 
C o u n c il/ c a n d id a te s 
Thursday night clashed over w h e th e r the d is ­ tr ic t's re sid e n ts w ere getting a fair share of tax revenues for the amount they paid. , 
“ niohlt think District 9 is getting ifc fair share," sajd Van Henry Archer. 
"The reason they don’t get it is because they don’t storm City Council 
Vocally as other groups do." 
C o un cilm an 
Glen 
H a rtm a n re sp o n d e d , 
‘“Under current funding. 
District 9 is several mil­ lion dollars better off than the a re a s with groups involved in hoot­ ing and hollering.” 
Platforms 
Archer, Hartman. Roy 
B endele J r . and J a c k 
S kip per, sp e a k in g for 
Jim Dement, addressed 
D istrict 9 resid en ts on their platforms. 
‘‘D istricts 4, 5 and 7, which are heavy C om ­ m unities O rganized for 
Public Service areas, are g e ttin g less funds for important drainage and street improvement pro­ jects," Hartman said. 
H artm an blam ed the d ra in a g e , s tre e t and tra ffic p ro b le m s on 
“ band-aid planning." 
“ In the past, the go­ v ern m e n t has w orked from year to y e a r,” he said. “ They have not planned ahead. 
“ San Antonio despera­ tely needs a p lan n in g process to-avoid costly mistakes. We are in the process of developing a growth sketch based on past trends. 
“ This grow th sketch will be a road m ap," he said . “ F ro m th e re we will go lo a land use plan and finally the m a ste r plan." 
Demand 
H artm an also said he would dem and tight fis­ cal management "so we know what our commit­ ments will be so we can 

Something Great is Happening 
To the Southside!! 
V ra th o ff 
GIGANTIC 

GIGANTIC 
EXPANSION SALE 
GOOD AT AIL 

 l l A C * 
3 

 v t) 
It) 
MI VU 
W E ’VE O U T G R O W N O U R 2 SO U T H SID E STO RES AND W R I MOVING THEM ROTH TO A MORE CONVENIENT 
1oCAHoN AT RO? S.W. MILITARY DR. IN THE HER CENTER. WE D RATHER SEU IT THAN MOVE ITI MAKE A GREAT DEAL 

18 lb. H to v y Duty 

SAATHOFF’S 
STORES. 

FRIGIDAIRE 
DELUXE WASHERS 

. f a M 
. i 
L 
O 
G 
O 
I 
•*>“* 
O J O 
While they last! 

Other frigidaire “Jet Action” Washers 

*249oo 
A S LO W AS 

 teeHewew Qoo* - ) (My. I -Gold, 2 - White 
ELECTRIC RANGE... 

28 I Cm. ft. Avocado (My. I -(My 
SIDE-BY-SIDE....... 

Shanty MM". Joel 2 
LAUNDRY CENTER 

FRIGIDAIRE SPECIALS— HURRY FOR THESE BUYS 

O 
H 
Q 
9 
5 
»r Ca. ft Mytdeitv Who* (My Thorne* 
C O V 
REFRIGERATOR... 389 
619” flDEer.MDE". 
629” 
499” ekeST:......289” 

COLOR TV e 
A M CONOrrtONtft 
M N T A ! 
CHCCX WITH 
SAA TMO# P'S rteSTI a TM K D ill VIXY 
• ( A S T P A T M A N TS 
• NO COSOM CHACK Saathoff's 

WftMdt* • fi|h i■ii i m h euMMMm 

1134 HILDEBRAND 
* 734-5o56 

1427 S.W. MILITARY a 924-83o8 

234o E. 5oUTHCRoSS a 533 8121 

 adequately prepare for them." 
“ With the scarcity of resources, it is tim e to m ake e v e ry penny count," Hartman said. 
A rcher said the most im po rtant thing facing 
San Antonio right now is the fiscal responsibility of the City Council. 

“ With all the re c e n t increases/, the City Coun­ cil should do everything in its power to minimize the tax b ite ,” A rcher said. 
“ It hasn’t done so up to now. Your councilm an has to have the vision and 

 resposibility to see that expenditures are kept at a minimum and yet show enough concern to make this a b e tte r place to live." 
Planning 
Speaking for Dement, 
Skipper said, “ Planning is great, but how far is this p lan n in g going to go? 
“ Are we going to have our lives controlled as to where we live, where we run our businesses? 
“ Mr. Dement does not allow th in g s to be d e ­ layed." Skipper said, “ lf he is on the City Council, 

 you can be su re things will get done.” 
Skipper said Dement s b iggest con cern w as creating jobs to keep the young in San Antonio and not in Houston or Dallas. 
Bendele said his main concern was the solution to the m any stre e t and drainage problems in the area. 
"I know we have a lot of m oney for t h i s ,” 
Bendele said. “ But how long are we going to have to wait? It is a question of time, not money.” 
Bendele also called for a step -u p in d ru g e n ­ forcem ent. 
Blumenthal: NYC problems unsolved 

NfW YORK TIMES SERVICE 
WASHINGTON — Treasury Secre­ tary W. Michael Blumenthal said in an interview Thursday that though New 
York City “ now has enough money in the till for the next few months" it has not “ solved any of its fundamental problems." 
Blumenthal sees a permanent gap between the city’s forseeable revenues and what will be required to meet the city’s basic needs. He stressed “ the great burdens the city is carrying in such areas as welfare costs and hospi­ tals." 
Close fiscal gap 
The Carter administration, he said, has begun work on new program s to close the fiscal gap not only for New 
York but other cities iii similar straits. 
By this spring or sum m er, he said, the administration hopes to have new legislative proposals to deal with the nation's urban problems, including a reform of the welfare system and a program for providing m ore direct financial aid to the troubled cities. 
The aim of the program will be riot simply to enable cities to balance their budgets in the short run, but to meet their long-term capital and develop­ ment needs, he said. 

Once the u rb a n p ro g ra m is developed, Blumenthal said, “ we plan to go to Congress and fight for it.” The program would be designed to begin after fiscal year 1978, for which the administration has already submitted its budget. 
The administration has no intention of supplanting the role of private capi­ tal markets in prodding long-term money for New York and other cities, he said. 
3o motorists felled by gas 

CLAIRTON, Pa (AP) — More than 
39 motorists were overcome by a cloud of white ammonia gas Thursday which escaped from U.S. Steel C o rp .’s 
Clairton Coke Works and blew across a busy highway. 
At least 33 persons were taken to 
M cK eesport H ospital a fte r they inhaled the fumes. Authorities said some collapsed on the road after leav* ing their cars for fresh air. 
“ These people have inhaled a g a ­ seous, irr ita tin g s u b s ta n c e ,” a 
McKeesport Hospital spokesman said. 

ALL "YA” CAN EAT 
$o99 fish, fowl 
Si steak ... 

Gat all the Catfish, chicken or country fried steak, plus hushpuppios, cole slaw , boons, and franch fries you can oat for only $2.99 
SAME GOOD FOOD FOR THE YOUNGINS’ 
$ 1 .4 9 
The Hunger Experts 

DEIS*. CATFISH CO. 

 i i i i i i i i i i i T T i i i i l i m n 
Mon.-Thurs. 4:3o p.m.-9;oo p.m. 
Fri.-Sun. 11:3o a.m.-1o:oo p.m. 
72o S.W. MILITARY DR. 
7o75 SAN PfORO 

Bad cliches are hard to forget 

SAN ANTONIO EXPRESS— Friday March l l 1977 
Page 
I -C 

By WILLIAM 
OVEREND 
LOS ANGELES TIMES SERVICE 
LOS 
ANGELES 
- 
Erie E lfm an is just a shade over 18. He has a ready smile, a way with words, and he knows a good thing when he sees one. 
Recently he won the 
“ Great American Cliche 
Contest.” which entitles him to a week of fun in the sun for two at the 
Fontainebleau Hotel in 
Miami Beach. 
“ I couldn't believe it when I heard the news," 
E lfm an re c a lle d in a r a r e , e x clu siv e in te r ­ view. ‘‘It w as like a dream come true.” 
The tension had been m ounting for m onths. 
Elfman had seen an ad for the contest at a book­ store. It was a promotion for a book called “ The 
Great American Cliche” by Lawrence Paros. 
Good fortune 
“ I d id n ’t w ant good fortune to pass me by,” 
Elfman said. 
“ I guess you could say 
I was ready when oppor­ tunity knocked.” Elfman. didn 't w aste any tim e getting started. 
He hopped a bus back to his apartment in 
W e stc h e ste r, ju st a stone’s throw from the 
Los Angeles Airport. 
As he bent over his ty­ pewriter. his mind teem­ ing with cliches, he could see the giant silver birds lifting slowly off the tar­ mac. 
But Elfman barely no­ ticed. He was buried in his work. 
Who-dun-it 
This is what he wrote, the fruit of his labors, a brief but poignant detec­ tive sto ry th a t helped make Elfman what he is today: 
“ It was a d a rk and lonely night w hen she walked into my office. . 
T m in tro u b le ,' she said. 
“ Suddenly the phone rang. 
“ This tim e we mean b u sin e ss.’ the voice on the o th e r end b a rk e d . 

The atmosphere inside was a warm and friendly. There was a tem ptation to linger, but my nose fo r news told me it was time to go. 

‘Lay off or I ll send over a couple of my boys.’ 
“ The line in my hand went dead. 
“When I looked up. she had d isa p p e a re d . But that's the way it goes in this business. Win a few. lose a few . The case was closed., 
“ Somewhere: out­ side, a dog w as barking." 
Out of the blue 
Looking back on it all, 
Elfman said the idea for his winning entry came to him out of the blue. He d id n 't think he had a chance of winning. 
Cliches from all co rn ers of the country were flooding the offices of the Workman Publish­ ing Co. in New York. 
“ I was a mere lad. just a face in the c ro w d ," 
Elfman said. 
“ But I hoped against hope. I gave it my best shot. That's really all any man can do." 
F o r E lfm a n , it w as 
“ the thrill of a lifetime" when he ripped open the le tte r a n n o u n cin g his triumph. 
His beaming p a re n ts w ere proud as p eaco cks, but E lfm a n h im se lf took it all in stride. 
“ F a m e is f le e tin g ," 
E lfm an said. “ I'm not going to rest on my laur­ els. I’m going to keep my shoulder to the wheel and my nose to the g r in d ­ stone.” 
Ultimate goal 
Elfman’s ultimate goal is a c a r e e r as a film ­ maker. He and a friends prod uced one m ovie when E lfm a n w as a t ­ ten d in g 
W e s tc h e s te r 
High School. 
It was called “ Attack of the Killer Peanuts." 
“ We lost $8o on i t .” 
Elfman said. “ But there are many pitfalls on the road to success. I t s a 

 long, hard journey to the top, and it's lonely when you gel there. But I guess there s something inside me that just keeps driv­ ing me on." 

E lf m a n 's busy as a beaver these days, p re ­ 

 p a rin g for his trip to 
Miami Beach, pursuing his studies in cinema at 
The U niversity of C ali­ fornia at Los Angeles and working w eekends as a stock clerk at a discount store. 
“ I ve always said a lit- 

 tle hard work never hurt anybody,” he said. “ If a jo b ’s w orth doing, it s worth doing right.” 
Heart set 
Nonetheless, his heart is set on "getting away from it all” once he has his bags packed and is a ctually on his way to 
Miami Beach. 
Not only will he be lounging in luxury on the beach, he’ll also be wined and dined at such fabled nig htspots as the Club 
Gigi and the Boom Boom 
Room. 

“ I haven’t decided who to tak e w ith m e y e t,” 
E lfm an said . “ All my friends have been acting real friendly since I won. 
You know? what they say: 
With friends like that, who needs enemies?” 
O utside 
E lf m a n ’s a p artm en t, gray clouds scuttled across the sky. 
Occasionally, the din of the ru sh -h o u r tra ffic w afted up th ro u g h the open windows. 
The atmosphere inside was warm and friendly. 
There was a temptation 

 to linger, but my nose for news told me it was time to go. 

“ Miami Beach is a nice place to v isit, but I w o u ld n ’t w ant to live there,” Elfman said as I headed for the door. 

“ Yeah,” I mumbled. 

The door shut behind me. But that’s the way it goes in th is b u sin e ss 
Win a few, lose a few 
The interview was over. 

Somewhere; outside, a dog was barking. 

AUCTION 

Large selection o f band made Oriental 4k 
PERSIAN RUGS 

MON., MAR. 14 at 7:3o P.M. 
HOLIDAY INN N.W. 
Interstate I O /V ance Jackson 
SAN ANTONIO 
Victor B arkhordarian, A uctioneer 
To k . L k. C A G P17 7 o 5 2 o E x p ire * D ec. 1 9 7 7 

FREE EXHIBITION STARTS FROM 6:3o P.M. 
Lecture on Art of Weaving Persian Rugs will be given before the auction. 
BARKHORDARIAN 
IRANIAN RUG WEAVERS 

Rm gvtor, r v N o M , a o rto rtw M a e w c fto a a a r a o f O r h m t . 1 R a g * 
533 bittor Si., Soh Framri«o, Ca. 941o2 
(415)391-6*9* 

Reserves hold huge exercise 

WASHINGTON (A P) - The M arine Corps is staging its biggest reserve mobilization exercise since the Korean War. witli resetv ists from 12 states and the District of Columbia called out without advance notice. 
Som e3.(KIO Marine reservists and regulars will fly to Camp Shelby. Miss., for the weekend maneuver featuring an amphibious raid on ail island off Gulf 
Port. Miss. 
The purpose of the drill, the Marine Corps said, is to measure the ability of elements of the 4th Marine reserve division to mobilize on short notice. 
Reserve units will be flown in U.S. Air Force (141 transport planes. These units will come from Little 
Rock. Ark.. Birmingham. Montgomery and Mobile, 
Ala., Tallahassee. Fla., Rome, Ga.; Chicago and 
Waukegan. IIL: New Orleans and Baton Rouge, La.: 
Des Moines, Iowa: Gulf Port, Miss.; Syracuse and 
Rochester. N Y.: Johnson City and Knoxville. Tenn.; 
Houston. Dallas and Midland. Tex.; Milwaukee and 
Madison. Wis.. and the District ut Columbia. 

 a larger diamond? 
MHU is trade in 

Our annual Diamond Trada-in Fair is now in progress. 
Bring us your present diamond ring, and let its velue the none toward its tradein for a new and larger diamond. 

K in * PH U*spa, IP K g o ld to ttin g * iM w M iottrtttvM * n o t in MI M ot** 

Diamond Solitaire 

1/S CMM, Hog. a i 7a. . . .*. . 5199 
1/4 CMM. Hog. SXU 
$199 
IU CMM, Hog $33o............ $299. 
172 cm* i. Hog SOM. ., ,.,* $ 4 9 9 
3/4 corpl. Hog. St 1 9 o ............9899. 

I cm p l. Hog. $ 1 * o 9 .......... 91299. 

V / f 

S . * \ 
, 

6 diamonds 
% vm . 

 lo o Sets J ' c 

 rn 

2 d i a m o n d , 
2 fcrn»?on*t 
$496 

© o r d g fllr : 

We 

Spa* Amp! icord • Mo*<p’ C harge 
Omar* C u b e Am o*icon t a p r e u 
S h o p p e,s Chorgi! 9 CMI* B lanche 

8 G R E A T ST O R E S IN THE SA N A N T O N IO A R E A : 6o1 
E a u H o u sto n , D o w n t o w n • U lt P alm a* S h o p p in g Center o Plaza Terrel* S h o p p in g Center a 8 4 2 S W M ilita ry D rive o N o rth w e st S h o p p in g Center e M c C rM e tk S h o p p in g C ity o C e n tra l P a r i M a ll a W in d so r P a rk M a il e S h o p G o r d o n '! 
Co c h to C o a ti________________________________ i - m - i t 

PEOPLE’S CHOICE 
IN WAGONS. 

I CHRYSLER 
OUTH DEALER 
*3 ,941* 

*77 Plymouth Volard W agon 

P A A 

HERE’S WHY VOLARE 
WAGON IS NUMBER 1: 

• It has more interior room than any other American small wagon** 
• More interior room than some mid-size wagons*" 
• More cargo room than any other small American wagon 
• 85% the cargo room of mid-size wagons (on an average) 
• It comes standard with Chrysler s “Super Six ’ (225 2-bbl.) 
• It has the longest wheelbase of any American small wagon. 

“ According lo Roommahb Index including front and rear head leg shoulder and hip room 

VOLARE WAGON. ROOM, RIDE, AND 
VALUE.THE CHOICE OF THOUSANDS 
OF WAGON BUYERS. 

"That s the base sticker price excluding taxes and desti­ nation charges for Volare 
Wagon. And at a price like that, you get a lot of wagon for the money. Just look at all the facts on the left. 

 as 

Cl I Kl SI LK 

 r n3 

And when you consider 
Volare Wagon has a ride like a big car. you can understand why we say it should be your choice. 
Stop in today for Volare 
Wagon. 

Alep excluded optional equipment shown whitewall tires ($39 25) and front and rear bumper guards ($35 9o) 

Atmtofttnu DtAu * f g 
C H R V 8 L IR 
COH MU MAI IQN 
FOR YOUR FREEDOM OF CHMN 

 rr?» 

JACK REIGER 
CHRYSLER-PLYMOUTH 
581o San Pedro Ave. 

CHRYSLER PLYMOUTH 
CITY 
7ooo N W LOOP 41o 

P i ; 

 tfeSi , . J p 
V w * - - 
. a n H i «£.- rn, 
S 

O.R. MITCHELL 
CHRYSLER PLYMOUTH 
113o Broadway 

KNOW SOMETHIN', BENNY ? 
IHE MORE YOU SET INTO 
CHECKIN'OUT YOU* MST. 
| 
THE MOKE IMPORTANT 
IT BETS TD HNP 
OUT THE (DHOLE4 

CLYDE, TELL ME, WHAT 
DO YOO REALLY WANT 
OUT OF ALL THIS, 
ANYWAY? N 

WELL, I WANT TO KNOW 
WHERE MY FAMILY'S COM'N ’ 
FROM, BENNY! I WANT TO e e l IN TOUCH WITH SOME 
SERIOUS PERSONAL 
HERITAGE., DIG 7 
\ 

It 

IC S - 

- 
■' ‘ 

ALSO, I'D 
YES, 
UKE A BEE*. 
THOSE 
MUG WITH OUR 
ARE NICE. 
CRESTON IT. 
/ 

^ 
\ 

SAN ANTONIO EXPRESS— Friday March I I 1977 

HO W A K S 

YOH, M O M M A ? tv 

P IN E , 
T O D A Y , 
EW T 
TW64PAV M V 
F E E T W ERE IN 

SUCH P A IN ... 

T i------ 

 f 
3 

A N D 
T H W C 4 D A Y 
M Y B A C K 
A L M O * r 
K IL L S O 
M g ... 

•L IK E A P E W 
W IE K * A E D , 
W H E N M Y f f w r g f T /g 
A C T E D IAP... 

^ A N P FELT U K E 
MV DPE^ATlDN 
U A *T V E A C , 
W H E N T H E Y 
T H o W o H T 
* W OULD.-.. 

 f o r r y . 
I c » o r o h 
A 
N D fT A L g lA 
KICK,.. 

/MKL 
: H 

Tm BLOODY SORRY 
ABOUT THE FOUL-UP 
AT THE 
HOSPITAL ! Y 
OOO PBY £ 
AHD WOOP LUCK 
IN YOUR SEARCH? 

A T THAT moment^ Ke£p motor 

CUNNING. SAM M Y/ - THIS 

~7 

> - 
IAI 
HERE. S mJ 
■J 
YOUR 
MI 
CEREAL 
THANKS, 
X 
BIG FELLA 
BOY 

I 
I 

€ 
■fcvTx. y 

 r I don’t really hear stealthy footsU and heavy breathing- I just think 
/ that’s 
1 I do/ It’s all in the mind 

, t .♦ 
♦' 4 

>* 

H T TOE ONLY 
REASON WE 
M 
CAME HOME IS THAT I TOLO THE 
ADMIRAL I WANTED TO CET BACK 
WORK/ WHAT'S NEW HERE ? 

There couldn't be a pack of ravenous wolves stalking 

I HAP AAY CAR 
STOLEN / I HAP A RDW 
W ITH M Y BOSS / I WAS- 
AAUGGED IN THE x STATION ! I AMS9EP f i \ 
T H E T R A IN .. 

THAT GOOP, HUH r 

— 
V 

THE SAME OLD GRIND / 
BUT WE HAD SOMf 
RIGHT NOW HE'S COOLING HIS 
■IEEL5 IN THE DRUNK TANK AT 
THE LOCAL CONSTABULAR 

CLAtfDECXjw -I 

U ■ 

3 -lt 

YES, 
BOSS? 

T * - # * * Ak J-// 
MARMADUKE 

 l r 
- 
" 
■ - 1 

o THAT'S EVFRy THING ON 
THE FRONT PAGE, AAR. 
DAVISTON '••• SHALL I 
READ YOU THE 
EDITORIALS? 

A 

MR. DAVISTON ” I- 
HE WILL SLEEP THERE A 
T 
UNTIL TIME FOR THE 
COME NOW WITH 
ME' PERHAPS I 
LUNCH. MADAME WORT’* 
SHOULD ” TELL 
YOU THINGS 
ABOUT HIM ' 

*1 

J 
, 
* 

DENNIS THE MENACE 

\ 

 n 
WHO WAS THE MAN f 

 c a n io u describe him 1 
W,- 

Va 

HE WAS KlNftA REAL O LP 
‘ -LlKE AO OR SO, WITH A 
BEA RP. AN'HE LOOKER POOR, 
UKE HE WAS ON THE BUM. 
, 
BUT HE GIVE ME FIVE 
< 
DOLLARS V DELIVER THAT 
PACKAGE ! 

MEU, HERE '$ TEN - T 
A D Y ' THIS 
IF YOU SEE HIM AGAIN J HAY LUCKY 
- POH*T TELL HIM J 
< PAY/ 
ASKED AHY OUESTlONSf y 

ITS OBVIOUS IT WAS 
I r f - IT S - TRUE 
ANOTHER DISGUISE . 'BLUE'S HALLET.' p i o - m r r / s / r ? 

 ll* 
(a'ul* 
J-U 

^*11 

You don't look like a coffee table to moi Off!’ 
“ HEY! You wonto meet Lori?” 
“ You can speaka the English when you WANT to!" 

 n 
'* i 

J ' 

BY T R IC K Y R IC K Y 

Every wordy «<» buy answer is a rhyming pair of words I like True Him, 
Plain Jane. and Multiply Damply I. 
Read the de tin ii ion. then think of m o rhyming words that will Iii in the letter squares. I he number after the definition tells you how many syllabics in each word of the rhyming pair. 

I. Actor George C.. with a freer 111 
EM 
‘I. Inert, meet 111 

3 

R T C & TH E 
C & M A N P A N T 

 e v e * & fii l l r 
I 

 r; 

AAV P O P * 
ELK! 

W L L L , 

 f A iN L 'S \V “ 

 w \ o o s e 

WL L L , f*W POP'*b 
Pl LION* 
T H A T ' S 
SEIL S T OF 
J Cl, 
,x £\LL J y fof* l 

( 
- 
- 
' x * 

. . T H E N \ 
RDUL ETI? 
I 
FE V E * 

& * O lA £ . 

I . ta ll M argaret (2) i m 

 n 

I h a n k ' and ' I n lo 
Mis. 11 ai i iii lh n ill of 
Cb m outh 
' I n ling. I* \ fin 
* I. s* nil r u in n u n to this nill s|M|it’i. 

I. (.hiMtM-» iiios irs ( I I 

T 
T 
I 
I 
■ 
I 
I T T T 
V lerucOMO M A M I doctor ll) 

I T 
"I 
I I ■ 
I 
I 
I I I I ti. I a loons I ie rn h madam’* internal organs 11) 

T T M 
M 
M m m 
7. Kissing and hugging ll!) 
IT I I I I I I i i .c u d 

L L r n 

T H O ^ 
D O W N I E ‘o ! U U V T 
\ feECFsUSt- I 
TOLD Pi 
B IG G E R ^TOFCV PUM' SfMO 
I fAY p o p s 
EAJELPHftNTJ 

WM 

3 ' i i 

!’KIM. KSK DK I MJH .I I KJIMVAO SAHI Soil t4.lHMIJ14.iH.4ld % 
SMH I i SM.Hit » AtHlU.I A LHKEI t St IHI MA SUHM I i i i lls AUH I sjawsay 

TODAY’S CROSSWORD PUZZLE 

UNITED Feature Syndicate 
Thursday a P a ttie Solved 

ACROSS 

I Young animal 
5 Father 
1o Winter toy 
I 4 Theaters 
I 5 On every side 
16 French composer 
11 Antitank gun 
18 Fetish 2 words 
2o Cowboys concern 
22 Perceive 
23 Fossil resin 
24 Theater boiea 
26 One coulomb per second 
Abbr 
27 Inferior deity 
3o Bestows good upon 
34 Ckberg and 
Loos 
35 Predisposition 
36 Signal tor attention 
37 John 
U S play­ wright 
38 Charges against property 
4o Miss Gam 
4 I Hole in-one 
42 Br ie! letter 
43 More eager 
45 Becomes twisted 
47 Shreds 

48 Find fault constantly 
49 Mansion 
5o Tableware item 
53 Play it again, ---I'* 
54 Mother -ot- pearl 
58 Basswood: 
2 words 
61 Kind of sprang 
62 Noun end- mg 
63 Heap of stones 
84 Slow tourney 
65 Golfers ac cessor las 
66 Rotund 
67 Pharm aceutical compounds 

 k o s 
H 
S H e 
E 'r 
G 6 w 
V y N T I 
P A R 4 E 
R u 
T 
I 
N c 
A a C E R A f t 
■ ii 
- 

I • E M 
A 
N T 
T b * t t 

P a f 
H 
E A r f s a 
H f a 
6 b f t V A P 
M * 
A L 4 
I 
■ 
o A o 
I V I 
A 
C 
M 
T 
‘ V V 
L 
6 
• 
R 
' 
G f 
H s 
T « E N 
A T A 
M o s e D 
U 4 ti A u s s 
A I 
E H 
I D E R 
6 t f 
V 
P 
A ti C s T Y 
I 
L 
T 6 
P F y 

DOWN 

 t Steals 
2 Mine tunnel 
3 Father of 
Regan and 
Gonenl 
4 Serious ac­ cident 
5 Short treatise 
Abbr 
6 Mistreated 
7 Edifices 
8 Bumpkin 
9 WW ll tone abbr 
IO Oechnes suddenly 

1 1 Meat 
I 2 European river 
13 Means ot approach 
1 9 
Bay 
Part of Hud son Bay 
21 Hindu philosophy 
25 Young bird 
26 Yukoner s neighbor 
27 Parents In­ formal 
26 Decree by legislation 
29 Ryun or 
Kamo 
3o Storage place 
3t Vertebrate feature 
32 Ethyl ace tate 
33 Top notch athlete* 
35 Hymenopterous insect 

39 Those m power 
4o Recants 
42 Climbing 
Vina 
44 Harrow s rival 
46 Battery poles 
4 7 Zoo employees 
49 Feminine name 
5o Flap violently 
51 Knotty — - 
52 Aa soon as 
53 Kind of wound 
55 Persian gazelle 
56 Red River 
Rebellion leader 
57 Wapitis 
59 Cpl 
6o Compass point 

GENEL 
TE N D E N ­ 
CIES: 
Y ou halt* good ideas for putting in mo­ tion a plan of action that could add to >our finan­ cial security. 
Let a bigwig know of sour 
Ideas and accept his suggestions. 
ARIES (Mar ti lo Aer. lf) 
Getting oui lo tu n godding* con bring tine revolt*. Vow m oke new c o n ta c t tho* could prove valuable in the future 
TAURUS (Apr IO •• May IO) you io n meet your o blig atio n * today ii you a rt enthused about mein Avoid tension OI any sari now. 
Com e lo a b e lie r under standing with u loved one. 
Cfi mini (May >1 lo June ti) 
Show mal you a r* happy with vour associate* and wain their lur mer looper orion Gel into ut tivltte * m al add lo your prestige 

MOON CHILDREN (June II lo 
July I I I 
A tten d lo ta s k * leaguing your attention *o mal they a re vogn out ot the way, 
C onfider w a y * in w ttu h you could odd to vour efficiency m performing your ta ***. 
LEO (July ti to Au*, ll) elan hie recreation that appeal* to you nio*l and get into it entho* lash, ally 
Shaw more thought for the one you love. 
VIRGO (Auf II IO Sept III eau ton make pig g ie** ut home affair, but do nor do any enter- 

• turning iw*t now Don t forget to gov im per fon t b itt*. G ive a thoughtful (lift to o loved one 
LIERA (Sept I) •• Oct ll) 
Contact mo**- who ton give you the Information you require *o that you tan become more *uc ce*etui rn vour own tine of en deuvor. Be more ob ie itiv e rn handling per tonal problem* now. 

SCORPIO (Oct. I ) t* Nev 111 
Don t wo*!e time •« getting into mot new activity that will give you added income you need 
L itten to advice et one who think* ttroig hl. Tok* tim e for reading 
S A G IT T A R IU S (N e v . l l to 
D ec. l l ) 
E v e ry th in g go#* 
*moothty tor 
VOO now but you mutt u*e tgct later when prob tem * m ay a r it * . Take ta r # where the tor tut it concerned 
Avoid o troublemaker. 
CAPRICORN (Doc. l l IO Jon. 
IS) 
Get at uh m o** dune* mot uie un tad ot you. Litten to tho toggetUanh of a good odvitor. 
Evening it tine for im proving heaitn 
AQUARIUS (Jan l l lo Reb. 
I t ) 
A good tim e lo be with friend* and o*e your gregariou* uuahtie* witely. Put your be*l toot forw ard at to t'a i a lta ir*. 
Use caution in handling b u tin*** atlatls. 
PISCES (Rob. It to Mar. It) 
Change vour attitud e tow urd bigwig* gnd improve your po*i lion in th# world ut octrvily. Find the right gudget* that wilt m u*# your work inure edit lent. ShuW friend* how much you like them. 

IR YOUR C H IL o IS BORN 
TODAY . . .' he or sh# will be very blunt and outspoken and le g u tre * a good education so that this honest nature can be 

 put to tine*! u t* and much u done in the world 
Trade in vigil countries could be Im * * tine outlet lier* alto. Spoil* a mutt lo bund up the body 

4 
» 

Albert's blues 
The Eastwood Country 
Club is reviving its past policy of bringing in the best in black entertain­ ment with an appearance by blues guitarist Albert 
King this weekend. 
King has been noted as the idol of several rock guitarists like Erie Clap­ ton and Elvin Bishop. 
During the past two de­ cades he has also estab­ lished himself as one of the nation’s top blues ar­ tists. 
King will appear at ll p.m. Friday and Satur­ day in the Eastwood 
Country Club, on St. 
Hedwig Road. Tickets are $5 at the door. 
Mystery play 
The final performances of “ An Inspector Calls” will be given this week­ end by the 
Church 
Theater. 
The theater located at 
115o S. Alamo St. in the 
King William area will present the m ystery about an inspector who uncovers the secrets of a 

SAN A N TO N IO EXPRESS— Fridoy Morch I I I 9 7 7 

ALBERT KING 
. . . blues expert 

 wealthy family Friday through Saturday. 
On Friday and Satur­ day the show is preceded by a buffet beginning at 7 p.m. On Sunday the show is presented with free cheese and wine at :i p.m. 
Group rates are avai­ 

 lable. Telephone 224-4o85 for reservations. 

Rummage around 

The National Women’s 
O rganization will be holding a rummage sale beginning at IO a m. Sa­ turday in the F arm er’a 
Market area of the Mar­ ket Square. 

Held over 

Theater San Antonio’s production of Neil Si­ mon’s “Come Blow Your 
Horn” will be held over this weekend by popular demand. 
Directed by Jerry Pol­ lock, the play is Simon’s first comedy. It’s about a young man breaking away from his parents with the help of his older swinging brother. 
Performances will be at 8:15 p.m. Friday and 
Saturday. 
Telephone 
735-6922 for reservations. 

Lunch with 
Gershwin 
The San Antonio Sym­ phony O rchestra will present a free midday concert at 11:45 a.m . 
Friday in Travis Park. 
The orchestra will fea­ ture selections from 
George 
G ershw in’s 
“ Porgy and Bess” dur­ ing the concert. 

Spooky musical 
A horror m usical, 
“The Bloody Mr. Hyde.” will be presented at the 
River City Theater by the 
Magick Theater Touring 
Company. 
The play will be pre­ sented at 8 p.m. Sunday through Tuesday through 
M arch 15. Telephone 
732-8385 for reservations. 

Cumbias, cumbias 

Tropical music, which features cum bias and 

Poge 
3-C 

MORE THEATRE 
ON PAGES 4 & 5C 

SIR DOUG SAHM and the Texas Tornados will perform 
Friday at the Texas Theater. 

$T E A K 

 restaurants 

AND OUR JOLLY OX PUB 

Presents: 
“ MORNING” 

Appearing Nightly 
March 7th-26th 
Mon.-Saturday 8 p.rn.-Midnight 
2831 Northwest Loop 41o 

For M ore Inform ation C all 3 4 1 -7 2 4 7 
San Antonio 
Symphony 
Update ... 
Music for the City] 
FREE CONCERTS 
In cooperation with the 
Parks and Recreation Dept. 
Cityof San Antonio 
MARCH 
1 1 
TRAVIS PARK 
11:45 am 
HARVEY BISKIN 
Conducting 

4 
4 
4 
4 
4 
*♦ 
4 
4 
4 
4 
4 
*♦ 
4 
4 
44* 
4 
4 
4 
4 
4 
4 
4 
4 
4 
4 

THEATER SAN ANTONIO 

 presents 

COME BLOW 
YOUR HORN 

A comedy by Neil Simon 

HELD OVER 
ON DEMAND 
2-DAYS ONLY 
FRI., MAR. 11 -SAT. MAR. 12 

732-81o1 
R eservatio ns 

T h e $29.5o 
Lakeway Escape" 
// 

Special low rate of $29.5o per person per day, double occupancy, includes: 
• AccummiHidtions overlooking 
Lake Travis 
• Breakfast (Choice of Menu) 
• Lunch (Choice of Menu) 
• Welcoming Cocktail 
• Unlimited Tennis 
• Unlimited Golf 
• Horseback Riding 
• Boating— water skiing, sailing and fishing boats 
Children under lb half price if occupying same room with parents. 
Minimum two-day stay. Tax and gratuity not included 

For reservations call 261-66oo 

4 P V 

L a k 
^ i ^ l i u v 
& 
R e s o r t 

1o1 Lakeway Drive •Austin, Texas 78734 

 boleros, will be played during a dance at 8 p.m. 
Saturday at the Farm er’s 
Market. 
Music will be supplied by “ Los Vampires” and 
“ Los Hermanns Rios.” 
Tickets are $5 per couple. 

Chamber music 
The Winters Chamber 
Orchestra, a 37-member unit composed of musi­ cians from the San An­ tonio Symphony, will present a free concert at 
8 p.m. Saturday in the 
Ruth Taylor Concert Hall at Trinity University. 
The chamber orchestra will perform M endels­ sohn’s “ Hebrides Over­ tu re ,” H aydn's ‘‘Sym ­ phony No, 88 in G “ and 
Beethoven’s “ Symphony 
No. 2 in 1) Major.” 

Hartford Ballet 
The Ballet Society of 
San Antonio will present the Hartford Ballet at 
2:3o p.m. Sunday in the 
Theater for the Perform­ ing Arts. 
The dance company is expected to feature its presentation of “ Tom 
Hula” — a work which combines bluegrass mu­ sic and ballet in an adaptation of the Tom 

MARY BYALL 
. . . in Simon play 

Dooley legend. 
Tickets for the perfor 

Saturday in the theater located at Fort Sam 
Houston. 
It is presented at 8:15 p.m. both nights preced­ ed at 7 p.m. by a buffet. 
Telephone 221-2186 for reservations. 
Free music 
Allen Lott will present nis senior piano recital at 
8 p.rn: Sunday in Ruth 
Taylor Concert Hall. 
Lott, a student of An­ drew Mihalso. associate professor of m usic at 
Trinity University, will perform works by Handel and Chopin. 
The recital is free and open to the public. 
Sound familair? 
Tripled fuel prices, a villain named Oscar De- 
Lavaca and Mayor Lcla 
Crockwell arc combined in a traditional melodra­ ma to be premiered this weekend by the Mclodra- 

% 

 never 
METRO OO LOWY*-MAYE* pimnn 
FAYE 
WILLIAM 
DUNAWAY HOLDEN 
PETER ROBERT ... 
FINCH DUVALL <•) 
ELD OVER 5TH BIG WEEK! 
CQ 
E N IU R If. tu t i i i v 
I FOX 
CENTRAL PARK 

I M AAU. Dr. al IM SS ie 
*24 *131 

12:oo-2:3o-5:oo-7:3o-1o:oo 
Today 7:35-9:45 
Sat.-Sun. 1:15-3:15-5:25-7:35-9:45 

Seeing Is Believing 

 mance range from $3.5o ma Theater 
1° 
"Telephone 
“Tinder Treachery, or 
732-81o3 for bus reserva- w h e re T h e re ’s Smoke lions from the Alamo T h ere’s F ire ,” will be 
Heights National 
Bank presented F riday and and Wonderland Mall. 
Saturday through April 
Staircase play 
17* at the M elodram a 
The Harlequin Dinner Theater in Hemis Plaza. 
Theater is presenting the 
The play will be pre- m ystery play “ Spiral serried Fridays and Sa­ nta ircase” Friday and turdays at 8:15 p.m. and 
Sunday at 6:3o p.m. 
OPEN l l AM-3 AM 
Paris-Rubb 
H o i lim ite r * ' (ire e n 
« o f V U . M ilitary ll 
. - O u t'n le l it* Lim it*) 
PH ICE I O O I S 
492-2994 

IO 
Iti .in iiIni G irl*— Kr«*l Itc iic r Ka*I 

► 

A LEADING ART WHOLESALER SELLS 
DIRECT TO THE PUBLIC 

ONE D A Y ONLY!! 

NEVER BEFORE HAVE SUCH QUALITY ORIGINAL ART PAINT­ 
INGS AND FRAMES BEEN SOLD SO LOW! SELECT FROM OVER 
2ooo ORIGINAL OIL PAINTINGS FEATURING THE WORKS OF 
OVER 2oo ARTISTS —- WITH A HUGE ASSORTMENT OF QUALI­ 
TY HAND CRAFTED MEXICAN FRAMES. 

ONE L O W PRICE PER SIZE 

SIZE 
ALL 8X1o . 
AIL 12X16 
AU 16X2o 
ALL 12X24 
ALL 2oX24 
ALL 24X36 

ORIGINAL OILS 
$ 6.95— NONE HIGHER 
$ 9.95— NONE HIGHER 
$12.95— NONE HIGHER 
$12.95— NONE HIGHER 
$15.95— NONE HIGHER 
$19.95— NONE HIGHER 

FRAMES 
$ 6.45— NONE HIGHER 
$ 8.95— NONE HIGHER 
$1o.95— NONE HIGHER 
$1o.95— NONE HIGHER 
$13.95— NONE HIGHER 
$17.95— NONE HIGHER 

LOCATION: SHERATON IN N — SAN ANTONIO, TX. 
EXIT AUSTIN HIGHWAY 
MARCH 13 11 A M -6 PM 
Business Bl 
SUNDAY ONLY! 
Sale Conducted By ART WHOlESAtlRS LTD. (NO ADMISSION CHARGE) 

PERSONAL CHECKS- 

LET’S GO FISHING 
The Drum Run Is On In Corpus Christi 
CAPT. CLARK & SALLY-D BOATS 

Three Departures Daily: 7:3o o.m., 2:oo p.m., 8 oo p m 

Bait Furnished 
Adults - $ 6 .o o 
Tackle A v a ila b le 
Child - $ 3 .o o 

Best Catches for Drum are Afternoon and Night Trips. 

Booh located Downtown Corpus Christi on Peoples Street I Head 
8 8 4 -4 3 6 9 

o/X /S 9 
6 s A S 
G / r t t s © 

R o t h b a r e p 

 f t e s t a u r a i f t 

Black forcBt 
Steak* aud 
Seafood* 

WE’RE FROM CORPUS 
Try Our 
Scrumptious Seafood 
OWN 11:3o AJA. .11:oo PJA.; SAT. 5:oo-11:oo PJA. 
9226 Wurzbach Road 

 at Data Point 
696-9114 
6 o o c \£ > 
Q/SfiNO 

SAN ANTONIO SYMPHONY 

4 * S t e V 
M 
M 
It 

I ^ C V S 

 c v i c s 

Roger Melone, Conductor 
UT Health Science Center 
Auditorium 

Schumann Ztgeunerleben 
Brahma 
Zlgeunerlteder 
Monteverdi Magnificat ll 
Haydn 
The Four-Part Songtt for Chorus 
Wolf 
Six Sacred Songs 
Britten 
Hymn to St. Cecilia 
TONIGHT 

FRIDAY, MARCH 11 - 8 P M 

Tickets are $3.5o Friday. 
$4 Saturday and Sunday 
$2 fur children and $3 fur adults. 
Master singing 
A thumbnail sketch of the history of classical vocal music will be pre­ sented by the Master- singers at 8 p.m. Friday 
— in the University of 
Texas Health Science 
Center. 
Boger Melone will con­ duct the Mastersingers in the concert which will transport listeners from works written during the 
16oos to the modern-day scores of composer Ben­ jamin Britten. 
The free concert will also feature works by 
Schumann, Brahms and 
Haydn. 
De Sade’s wife 
Our Lady of the Lake 
University 
T heater 
W est’s production of 
“ Madame de Sade” will open at 8.15 p.m. Satur- | day. 
According to the play s author. Yukio Miahmia, it could be described as 
De Sade seen through women’s eyes. Tickets are 
$2. 
Telephone 
434-671 1 ext. 298 for reservations. 
Opening exhibit 
A solo exhibition of I paintings by Karen Tay­ lor will open at the 
Eighth Street Gallery 
Saturday. 
The gallery is located at 417 8th St. and a re­ ception is set for 7 p.m. J lo IU p.m. 
Miss Taylor , a llous* j ton jointer, is a 1975 graduate of Trinity Uni­ versity. She holds a degree in painting and sculpture While at Trin­ ity she studied with Phil­ lip John Evett. Cecil 
Uasebeir. Robert Tie- inarm and Elizabeth lii- denhower. 
Hometown rock 
Doug Sahni and A ng ie 
Meyers, San Antonio’s nationally known rock performers, will be fea­ tured iii a concert at t h e 
Texas T heater at 8:3o p iii. Friday . 
Both of the performers music combines rock and blues with the Nortcno conjunto style popular­ ized in South Texas. 
Tickets are $4 and $5, 
Committee okays bill 

AUSTIN (AIM - A bill ending the requirement that voters sign their ballot stubs has been ap­ proved by the House 
Elections Committee and is now eligible for floor debate. 

7:45-9:5o 
I 2:3o-2:45-5:oo- 

7:15-9:3o 

The Best 
Entertainm ent 
Picture 
Of 1977 

It’s Comedy! 

It’s Adventure! 

Ifs Romance! 

Ifs “SILVER STREAK” 

SILVER 
S T R E R K 

I Sill! 'Ij ll I W Y / 
IDI- i *o -pi IMH •!» l|| I ii, 
»I CHII WHI# Jill MOM IIM! 
V II SIMC I* - I ' 
I. « hi PATRICK McGOOHAN ,■ im him • > 
■ •. v* till;»j s» " N* V I )|( o* ll ‘ • ■ !(ii *’ ’ * 

PG mum MMU an u iio Hi!'; Ii Mil'UM I 

Ilium mill: i ii in will twin J*; 
I'M *1 iii 'lid NI! BJ 

•I • I 'n K (I MIMIC 
IU FEI!* 

 abc) INTERSTATE 

S A M 
ELLIOTT 
ORSI f"vM« and Critic* atelo.** le i M i Magnet.*#* in 'N# no# mating rote i* ane ot the year* be*) lecture* 

 foram wint's " U F E O U A R O " 

T H E N A C o m p e llin g ly c o n u ttg n t p o rtra it os S A M D A M O N rn T V * *en*at.o<*oi vet ie* 
|| 
"O NCE A N E A G L E ” 
NOW. . Preventing a 
Bandar Demand 
Special Ret urn Engagement 
“LIFEGUARD1 

 rircr- 

» hp iww) m m mat twnom mw 
"LIFEGUARD” 
SAM ttilO n ANNI ARO#* 
NUDO# sn VINSON 
- 
. y KATHLEEN CRJNLAN at 

 a P lj 
7:45 9.35 

BROADWAY 

494o BROADWAY 
IHAV 

WONDER 2 itll;} THM 
7:45-9:35 

H 
SAN ANTONIO EXPRESS— Friday March I I 1977 fDe Sade’ production well done 

■ M r - jf 
'rn* 
■ ' y-' w 

By RON WHITE 
They are ladies moving in slow motion across the stage. At . times the rus­ tling of their skirts is the only sound of life. It is a polite, even genteel scene. 
But beneath the decor­ ous propriety is an un­ dercurrent of pain, whips and heavy cruelty that surges around the ladies, threatening to drag them under. 

“ Madame de Sade” works on this sort of pre­ carious balance between the appearance of elegant formality and the raw flesh that pulses beneath the skin 
Being presented at Our 
Lady of the Lake Univer­ sity, “ Madame de Sade” is an indirect look at the infamous M arquis de 
Sade from the viewpoint of tho womon about him. 
But Yukio Mishim a’s 

 z Callaghan 

: 
Twin 

4412 Callaghan 
434-4611 

DUSTIN 
HOFFMAN 
LAURENCE 
OLIVIER 

MON.-FRI. 7:oo-9:1o 
SAT.-IUN. 12:5o 

3:oo-5:1o 
7:2o-9:3o 

 last 
Supporting 
Actor lauranct 
Olivier 

 script (translated by 
Donald Keene) is not content with dissecting de Sade. Mishima sug­ gests that the man who gave his name to sadism was not, after all, that atypical. Ile was at least being simply himself, a human being to whom cruelty comes naturally and therefore innocent. 
Furthermore, Mishima says in a skillfully un- sensationalistic fashion, it is natural to everyone. 
To suggest we are all latent sadists is, of 

Review 

 course, as controversial as it is basic to a discus­ sion of human nature. 
But the controversy that could be inherent in 
“ Madame de Sade” is muted by 
M ish im a’s controlled w riting and 
Richard Slocum's equal­ ly cool, carefully paced direction. 
As the women involved with de Sade’s life — his wife, his mother-in-law, a 

A t aeon on Ootober 3M5th, 

 the Tm ew oetlw m tsl 
O w w StBtioe wttb ataxia* Ona th«*a»*»d paella tm board. 
T h*ir daattRAtion; BojmO. Part*. Brasaela. 
Amatardam. Capmnhwgmn and Stockholm 

(A) 

Perrin 
■ I : Westwood 
Twin 
; ■ ; 
Twin 

44)2 Callaghan Rd. 
412o Naco Perrin 
7422 S.W. Military 
434-6611 
456-3454 
674-1371 
© if? 

MU LI* (.nil* IND (tim ttwtl r«CS*KT mn MMNiitTtnur.NCKM ut Jo 
SOPHIA LOREN RICHARD HARRIS 
MARTIN SHEEN O J SIMPSON JJO N E L STANDER 
ANN TORKE!. 

 in g r id ' t h u u n 

L E E STRASBERG] 
- B l RT LANCASTER - Mjnttxm - AVA GARDNER. w nut . 
THE CASSANDRA CROSSING 

UM < *ST«l TOM HUNTE* KVM?PHILIP I.** SJV UtVEUir* 
ALIDA VALU 
— r> It HMV GOUWMITM 
I. TOM MJNKIEWKI.u nilH.ni U U *(.» »*<,► PJS I OhMJTOP 
—«. *o*1 RT k JU— (.LOUI.> PAN 11 UM J TI*. I-AS A. (SKIS I Mac POPO »> CPI 
— ..1 ..CARLO PONTI 
..GEORGE PAN COSMATOS 

I Ave* E*Imc«> Release Irani I ENTSRTAlNMRin' R RESTiaCTH)^I 

 ocMinai comma eoa»oa*Tiow 
NORTH STAR 
342-93o4 

12:2o-2:44.5:oo 
7:2o-9:4o 

M R MAT 
BOTH 
3£2SL 

2:oo-4:3o-7:oo 
9:3o 

 sister-in-law 
(and mistress), a courtesan and a future nun — dis­ cuss the m arquis’ sins and imprisonment, they are presented against 
V irg il B e a v e r’s pastel suggestion of a set as well-composed scenes from a renaissance painting. 
Disfigured 

Slowly, painstakingly the powdered-white masks of the women are in essence disfigured as they reveal their inner mechanizations. Some of the women have not been victims of de Sade, but 

 his accomplice. 
Even the saintly woman con­ fesses to a human plea­ sure in hearing tales of de Sade’s escapades. 
De Sade’s mother-in- law, supposedly fighting for her daughter’s moral salvation, is shown to be inflicting a cruelty of her own by depriving her daughter of the husband she continues to love. 
These revelations come slowly, and “ Madame de 
Sade” is a play that re­ quires patience and close attention. Slocum moves the play at a pace that is reminiscent of a Stanley 
Kubrick film, refusing to 

I A T I 

San Antonio loves the comedy hit of the year 

& 

 w — w 

W IT H 
^ 
D IC K A M P J A N E p»i 
EXCLUSIVE I 2-2-4 -6 -8-1o 

“ THI CASSANDRA CROSSING” 
12:2o-2:4 o -5:oo -7 :2o-9:4o (R) 

^ MCCRELESS f f s y w r ? WOWS AT A ll TIM! S J 

AT ALL FOUR THEATRES! 

UA MOVIES 4 7iso-*-4o 5 
NORTHWEST 6 

AZTEC 3 LiSiiJfiSS 
UA CINE CINCO 

EVERY DREAM HAS A PRICE .. 
HE PAID IT. 

STARTS 
TODAY! 

1:oo-3:1o-5:2o 
7:3o-9:4o 

1:oo-3:1o-5:2o 
7:3o-9:4o 

 matter 

 a 
UNTIL 1:3o ALL SEATS $1.25 porn 
<*». 
*■* a» m - d 
» iw » o > pooh m au 
I mr 
P M i H l H a B H H H H * baiim i V mm 

2:oo-4: JO-7:oo-9:3o 
SOPHU UMM • MMT UMCASTB 

“ THI CASSANDRA 
CROSSING" 

HU 

 f “ R ow dy, nutty 
4 entertainm ent.” 
Willlimm Walt ( ut u 

THE STORY OF A BOY'S JOURNEY TO MANHOOD 

BRIAN KEITH • RICARDO MONTALBAN 

INTRODUCING RAY TRACEY as JOE PANTHER 
C olor 

 mA^CNTK>N ^SoLDIN*AGWS^S^Tfc T o T ~ J 

12:45 2:3o . 
3 R Q 
4:15-6:oo t 
7:45 9:3o 
B I G W E E K 
\ i 
An epic fantasy of peace and magic. 

o 

IN 
WoNDIRoUS 
COLO! 

1:5o-4 25-7:oo-9:35 

STREISAND 
KIRSTOff EUSON 
MA 
STAR 

BORN 

o 12 3o-2:45-54o-7:15-93o 

‘ R E T U R N 

• G A N O ” 3:15-7:15 v D S B D S u l 
RICHARD HARRIS 
THE RETURN 
O F A M A N C A L L E D H O R S E' 

P W O * 

J 
HOW AKO 
OeiRAI* 
MARVIN w jjf 
§[ 
(M 

% “ THE SPIKES G A N G ’ * f 
/tunny IMinyertiu* arui Ibm nriyhl Dve lightful'. 
o 

FROM THI MASTER OF ANIMATION COMIS A 
FANTASY OF THI WORLD IO MILLION YEARS IN 
THI FUTURE. 

A WORLD WHERE TECHNOLOGY IS OUTLAWED, 
AND WIZARDS RULE WITH MAGICl 

2oTH CENTURY FCX PREGENT* 
A RALPH BAKSHI FILM 

I A f i n f t 
WEARE 

 startle the audience with the graphic descriptions of de Sade’s activities and permiting the argu­ ments about human na­ ture to have a thorough, calm-minded presenta­ tion. 
Slocum has assembled a fine cast that is capable of acting with the preci­ sion his direction and the play require.. 
M arina Astudillo is properly austere and restrained as the mother-in-law. Geraldine 
V illanueva as the daughter generates a hint of sharp spice ben­ eath her wifely veneer, and has a twin in Aracelli 
Barrera as her sister. 
Ja n e Clanton as the saintly baroness is con­ vincing in her religious­ ness while still letting her tem ptations show through. 
Susann 
M. 
W o odridge as the courtesan conveys a fine, proud sensuality that smirks at the others’ hy­ pocrisy. 
“ Madame de Sade” will he presented through 
.Saturday at the universi­ ty’s Theater West. 
P h o to g r a p h s o n d is p la y 

A photographic exhibi­ tion detailing the history of American agriculure w ill be on display through April 17 at the 
San Antonio Museum of 
Transportation, 
38o1 
Broadway. 
The exhibition, which consists of 173 works by both anonymous and famed photographers, is presented by the Califor­ nia Historical Society. 
Photographers whose works are included in the exhibit are Emma Cole­ man, Margaret Morley, 
Dorthea Lange, Solomon 
Butcher, Lewis Bine and 
Ben Shaw n. 
A large number of the older photographs were made by anonymous photographers and in many instances are the only known depictions of their era’s farm labor activities. 
S y m p h o n y d u e in v a lle y 

The 
San 
Antonio 
Symphony will perfrom at the annual Rio Grande 
V alley Festival from 
March 14 to March 21. 
The festival will open with a concert by the 
Mastersingers on Sunday 

MR. BILLION features 
Slim Pickens at the 
Northwest Six, Century 
South, Universal Twin,1' 
CAR WASH stars Ri- San Pedro, Varsity and chard 
P ryo r at the Mission. 
McCreless. m&: mmmm 

/ COUSIN, COUSINE fea- 
WIZARDS is a science tures M arie-Christine fiction animated cartoon Barrau lt at the North- at the UA Cine Cinco. west Six. 

WANN TNE ATBIS 

NOMINATED FOR IO ACADEM Y A W ARD S’ 

Sm* “NETWORK” wok. 
IAT.-HIN. 1:1 J4 :I*.J:M-7:»S-M* (I) 

oi 
o 
o 
o 
o 
o 
o 
o 
o p o l 
o 
o 
o 
o 
o 
o 
o 
o 
o 
o 
o 
o 
o 
o 
o 

R o c h e r jmI 
BEST ACTOR 
BEST ACTRESS . ^ 

I 
■ j r i l.'- .T best DIRECTOR 
M 
■ 
■ 
A t A U t m i 
BEST SCREENPLAY 
I B 
I 
SY tV flT fH STAI I OML 
■ 
AWARD 
« s’ 
ILI AMIRI ATIAIIC 
SUPPORTING 
NOMINATIONS actor 
BEST PICTURE 

BEST ACTRESS 
TALIA SHIRT 
BEST DIRECTOR 
JOHNS A V I I USI N 
BEST SCREENPLAY 
SVlVf STER STAI IONE 
BEST ORIGINAL SCORE 
URI I ONO 
BEST SUPPORTING 
ACTOR 
BURGESS MEREDITH 

“KNOCKOUT. 
The climactic fight sequence is brutal and breath taking guaranteed to reduce even the most skeptical 
. observer to a quivering fan... 
| 
Even the most jaded preview crowds have burst into applause at the film s closing." 

★ ★ ★ a 
(Highest Riling| 

Rocky' is a glowing tribute to the human spirit... 
A wonderfully tender love affair. It's the creation of a truly sensational new talent. 
Sylvester 
Stallone.' 
<«»•* ,M 
Cl i I Mi *$ 

ROCKY" IS A CINDERELLA STORY FOR 
MEN AND WOMEN YOUNG AND OLD 
BECAUSE IT TELIS THE AUDIENCE WHAT IT 
WANTS TO HEAR ABOUT 
TRUST, HON­ 
ESTY AND REALITY,' MOST OF AU YOU 
GO HOME WITH THAT 
GOOD OLD FEEL 
ING 
THINGS AUE GETTING BETTER 
BOB POLONSKY 
S A EIGHT 

"IT IS AN UPPERCUT 
TO THE DEVIL S JAW 
AND AN UPPER 
FOR THE VIEWER S 
SPIRITS.‘Rocky is a pugnacious, charming, grimy, beautiful fairy 
I I I ’.ale A formidable p l accomplishment 
One of the best scripts and performances of the year. 
(UM EWV* Mf* (OM 

I I 

HTH IF! 

NOW 

K X I 

NPUwltOArtwtt 
W A IrtnsameN 9 

SHOWING! ( N E W L A U R E L 
231o SAN PEDRO » 736-4551 

12:4o-3:oo-5:2o 
74o.1o:oo PM 
NO BARGAIN MAT. 
OI PASSES 

I 
4 

SAN ANTONIO EXPRESS— Friday Morch l l 1977 
- 
Poge 
S C 
Old-style jazz comes alive in new albums 

By BEN KING Jr. 

If you've had enough of this newfangled jazz which mates disco, rock and other non-jazz sounds — Savoy records has some welcome aural 

 relief. 

The label has reissued three albums originally cut during the early era which provide fine ex­ amples of what jazz used to be about in the 194os 

 and 195os 
BLACK CALIFORNIA is a double album which presents an incredible line-up of talent includ­ ing Art Farmer, Hamp­ ton Hawes and Erie 
Dolphy. 

Record review 

ROCKY, with Sylvester 
Stallone, is at the Laurel. 
Students may wait for relics 

JO E PA N TH ER stars 
Brian 
Keefe at the 
Aztec-3, Northwest Six, 
CA 4 and UA Cine Cinco. 

MARATHON MAN stars 
Roy Scheider at the Co­ lonies North. 

Students from two San 
Antonio colleges proba­ bly will be waiting F ri­ day at the Riverwalk to see if bulldozers scrape up anything for them to study. 

The bulldozers are scheduled to start carv­ ing through a solid li­ mestone wall on the lower level of the River 
Square Marketplace. 

The work is being done in order to begin con­ struction on a walkway from the Paseo del Rio to the arts, crafts and im­ port market on the corner of Commerce and 
Presa Streets. 

“ No one really knows what could be behind the limestone walls. This may be the first time the bank of the Paseo del Rio has been explored since the early 188os,” said 
River Square Manager 
Debbie Lauterstein. 

“ River Square is one of the oldest downtown buildings and was built before the 19oos. In fact. 
River Square has applied for a historical landmark through the Bexar Coun­ ty Historical Society," she added. 

Students and instruc­ tors at Incarnate Word 
College and the Univer­ sity of Texas at San An­ tonio have been alerted concerning the construc­ tion. 

They intend to uncover and study any artifacts that may be unearthed in the remodeling and ex­ cavating process. 

“ There could really be some interesting items buried in the banks from modern times, back to 

 the original settlers who stopped by the river for a drink,” said Mrs. Lau­ terstein. 

The album consists of cuts taken off tapes and albums recorded in the 
Los 
Angeles and 
San 
Diego area during the 
194os and 195os. 
The collection is espe­ cially interesting for hard-core jazz fans be­ cause if offers the oppor­ tunity to hear musicians, 

 who have now been re­ cognized, while they were still coming up the ladder. 
However, the best cuts on the album are by He- 
<len Humes, a relatively obscure vocalist who sang with the 
Count 
Basie Band during the 
194os. 

The woman’s voice is reminiscent of Billie Hol­ iday, only it has a sharp­ er edge that makes her blues songs something to be heard. 
DONALD 
BYRD 
/LONG G REEN is going to be a shock to Byrd’s current fans. The album sounds nothing like the disco-jazz currently be­ ing played by Donald 
Byrd and the Black 
Birds. 

The cuts on the album ' were made around 1955 and at that time Byrd was one of many young trumpeters cutting his teeth on bop-style jazz. 
As can be expected, his playing on the album lacks the drive and in­ ventiveness it’s recently acquired. 

G EN E AMMONS/RED 
TOP is a perfect exam­ ple of how jazz sounded 

 before the advent of electronic devices like reverb and phasers. 
W hile the late Am­ mons’ solos are consis­ tently good, ifs the tone he got out of his tenor sax that makes this album worth owning. 
And like the two other albums, the sound on the circa-195o album has been faithfully repro­ duced and sounds fine on modern stereos. 

 r 
Today at 
" \ " f 
K JoBTnXS'^'aox" 
IN 

Check display ad far times and policies 

COUSIN COUSIN!’ 

"MR. BILLION" 

"JOI PANTHER" 

3 FANTASTIC SUPERMEN' 

FREAKY FRIDAY’ 

"PINK PANTHER 
STRIKES AGAIN" 

Today at 
C E N T U R Y S O U T H B 
I W OM Or rf IN IS to 
«44lll 

CV-ck display ad tar Hmat cmd policies 

“NETWORK" 

MR. BILLION" 

‘THE CHILD' 

‘3 FANTASTIC SUPERMEN’ 

FREAKY FRIDAY’ 

“PINK PANTHER 
STRIKES AGAIN" 

 f 
Today of 
San Padre 

"MR. BILLION" 

•AUX I TH! GYPSY" 

IS" 
S A M P E D R I tu tti K M M OUTDOOR 
Ie. 
.I SrtHM IS 
*** XI*I 
Check display 
"N 
-■ od for limos. 

"THM! FANTASTIC 

SUPERMEN 

"GODZILLA VS. 

MEGAION" 

"MISTY BEETHOVEN" 
"EXPOSE ME, LOVELY' 

"SOMETIME SWEET 

SUSAN" 

, I IF " [•J I 
4 3o5 San Pedro 
712.711IU 

^ 
12:oo-2:oo-4:oo- 
6:oo-8:oo-1o:oo 

GARY COOPER • PATRICIA NEAL 
6 :oo - 1o:oo 

T H E R O A R IN G ’ R O ’ S ” 
JAMES CAGNEY • HUMPHREY BOGART 
8:o5 

STARTS 
“ HMM! M IR R A ” 
SAT. 
“ TREASUM! OE T H I M IR R A M A R R I 

STARTS 
“ TH I MIA H A W K ” 
MON 
“ CHAROI OR TN I MONT BRIG AD E 

N O W H W K l f i i i msmm 

M i s e IMS eta eft CeleylMa ll* 
M t s t P 
S W M il. Dr e t IM SS Se, 
* 3 4 -4 1 3 1 
Both theatres 12-2-4-6-8-1o 
Bargain matinee daily far tfioatro capacity for first porformaaca only. 
THE NEWEST. PINKEST 
PANTHER OF ALL! 
PETER SEIBERS ltrTia, herbert lom 
Lr 
. 111 nim COLM BLAKELY 
LEMMO M M B 
LESLEY ANNE DO X jag dm h 
ROUM) WILLIAMS STUOB 

 aw* b, HERRY MANCINI 

 in te n t! h * U m r 
TONY ADAMS 

C la t it Ik Seif bt TOM JONES 
Written bt 
FRANK WALDMAN ms BIAKE EDWARDS 

 trM lC tf M f DnKttf bt BIAKE EDWARDS 
( M a PANOSH* 
COLO! bt Del me 

United Artists 

SEE THE BIG PICTURES 
A LARGE, LUXURIOUS THEATRE 
ON THE BIG SILVER SCREEN 
FOR A DOLLAR! 
TWC MINUTE 
WARNING 

91.ooo P eop le 
CHARLTON HESTON 
33 Exit B i t e s ... 
JOHN CASSAVETES 
O ne Sniper 
“TWO MINUTE WARNING' 

Today 5:4o-1o:oo Sat. 1:2o-5:4o-1o:oo 
CUNT EASTWOOD 
THE EIGER SANCTION , 
Today 7:45 
Sat. 3:25-7:45 

( E N 
I t l R l f , to t) I ti 

 l i t NM. Dr e t I I SS Se. 
* 3 4 - 4 S 3 t 

Bargain matinee daily for thoatru capacity for first performance only. 

L E T S P L A Y 
H ID E A N D G O 

KILL. . .! 

AWNY NOV A K »»•« •*• 
CHILD 
L 
E 

HELD 
OVER 
2ND 
CHILLING 
WEEK! 

 lh 
EAST MA NC OL OR 

/fib. 

STARTS SUNDAY 
“ MARATHON M A N ” 
‘3 DAYS O f THE CONDOR” 

 y 

 pm ma: mail 
IM It el tao* fib .HI* 

Aa IC 
OPEN ll OO AM 
9 1 - 2 5 pass 

T I L L 
11:35-3:45 7.55 rn a a m aa 
*UN 
2 : o o P .M . 
1 2o-5 3o-94o 

 iiAW cuAifciiir—* 
••M il JW VPIH fv"""- 
MCUISM 

2 

SUPER 
MOVIES 

Aaa9^m^ , 'i 

Farrah Fawcett-Majors 

CV 

^ 4 CHARLES BRONSON 

N O K I H W K S T | | | | | N I I J R lr . i l l 
■ B J 
I O ! I H t J 

S W KUI. Dr. e t IM as So 
! 1« till 

 rn/, 

 w 
4 * 
4 

12:oo-2:oo-4:oo-6:oo-o:oo-1o:oo 
12:1o-2:1o-4:1o-6:1o-B:1o IO: 1o 
No Bargain Matinee font herself today, neither is her mottler ... 
C IK 
Ms morning 
THEY BECAME 
WA 
EACH OTHER! 

 h r - .,' 
'Y«4n*' 
4b lit HT BKH PY 
V pnooucnonr 
. * 
FREAKY! 
MUM; r n 

 v, 
AdtcidKUydttorant 
_ . -a caned/ 

••**** 
HARRIS. 
FOSTER mu rn* MUM muimaoanmi ...WW'i*■ XcRC- . «.,»;■ 
« * . vcrr# 
WMH*...UAM 

/ 

NORTHWEST SIX ll :$o-1.5o-3:5o-5:5o-7:5o-9:5o 
CENTURY 
12:oo-2:oo-4:oo-6:oo-o:oo-1o:oo 
UNIVERSAL 
T > d 4 r* :IM K )S )o :o o S 4 i Sot ll:3 S -t:»-4 :to -* :1 o -U :o S IO OO 
SAN PEDRO 
MISSION 
VARSITY 

“ MR. BILLION” 7:3o-11:oo 
“ ALEX & THE GYPSY” 9:2o 

When A Simple Garage Mechanic Suddenly Inherit* A 
Billion Dollars. He Get* More Action. Excitement. 
Romance And Riotous Adventure Than Money Can Buy! 

Plus at 
Drive Ins: 
“ ALEX 
& THE 
GYPSY’ 
JACK 
LEMMON 

GENEVIEVE 
BUJOLD 

, i t : < n r e f u t e r 
« 
(Where The Nice Guy* Hni*h Find For AL ham*) 

T E R E N C E H I U . V A L E R IE P E R R I N E 
M R BJI .U C IN 
... J \( K IE <,i I VSI IN . 

 f 
IISOISO- 
3: SO iM-IUt 
SS* 

N O V IH W K II l l * 
Ie. aal. a f Mi, tar IkMn 
(•pettty tai fun 
M* fin fwt* 

 f 
“FOXY” 7:3o 
I C 
HIDAY" 9:2o r-=«d!______________ 
COFFY" 1o:5o o** • » * a a*".»i us 
TOWN IW M 
O U T D O O R T M I A T I * 
SHIBA" 12:2o 
•BLKKTOWN" 
Mi ut* 
2:oo 

SPEND THE NIGHT WITH PAM GRIER! 

© (* F o x V * ® 
Iii m i\ 

VAI AK V H I 
O U TD O O R TMSA TOI bUfma lax lf 
474 1371 

P (*) 

‘ F t fd a y 
o ‘ F o s t e r ;,, toffy’ 

 m IO .I IM, 41o •« (.Kafka. I..* 
"Cousm Cousine is a marvelous film It will elate you and make you fee! exuberant with happiness and joy. 
Gt'oe&rnm wHBC Tv 

“ One of those rare films you’ll want to see again and again and again!” j , 
• •. .t .- j- .,. 
3 ACADEMY 
AWARD 
NOMINATIONS 
INCLUDING 
BEST ACTRESS! 

IA N M D S O r a t e d k k i n o u i b o o * 
Pedro et •****'» Ald 

EXPOSE 9:15 
SUSAN 
IO JO 

MISTY BEETHOVEN ’ (X) 
U FO S! ME, LOVELY" (X) 
SOMETIME SWEET SUSAN " (X) 

 mumm 

CHARLTON HESTON 

 r 
« 
■ 
HENRY FONDA rn 

Pfua fw h M ir P lM M iiv . 
# 
A 
J 
JO H N 
I X X I U R W K 
(f c A v W M T N l 
H E P B U R N 
AMAL PAI i it Proem ime 
^ 
R O O S T E R C O G E b U R N 

(...amd am I ady I 

B A C H A N D 
O U TD O O R T H (A TDI 
MIU MAJC VrlS 
"TOWER 1o:3o 

"CASTING 1:1o 
4:oo-6:5o-9:4o 
33* W Ja,apt»«« 
733 11 SS 

PENTHOUSE COKER GIRL c 
Brigd lta ie r 

 r n 

OF EVA 

THE FIRST 
EXPLICIT morion picture mom the 
DIRECTOR Of 

 in EASTMAN Co1oK “ 
| A WOMAN” 

'tm iff 

 i t 
P lu s! 
“ CASTING CALL’ 
THERE WAS ONI PART TO BE 
CAST AND EACH GIRL KNEW 
WHAT SHE HAD TO GIVE TO 
GET ITI 

--- r 
NORTHW EST SIX 
"■Sen T U & Y 
" 
UNIVERSAL 
A 

— — 
..... 
^ v s 
- 
Today 6:o5-o:oo-1o:oo 

SAN PED R C^ 
TEXAS 
MISSION 

- 
"SUPERMEN" 7:3o-1o:45 
Todov "SUPERMEN" 1:35 

T “GOOZIUA" 12:oo 
‘ SUPERMEN" 7:3o-1o:45 

— 
"GOOZIllA" 9:25 
"9ooZIUA" 9:25 

 move over King Kong... 
oo7..BtonicMon. here come... 

Omttnh K B W WA.»# I I 41o 
661 4?>4 

“ FUN HOUSI” 7:3o 

FRED. ROAR 
O U TD O O R THC ATRI 

I ..r f * d So o l to o * 4 1 o 
7 3 4 -7 3 * 3 

•OLD DRACULA” 9:2o 
S I KW o. OI 
*34- 

“ HELL HOUSE” 1o.45 

BLOOD-CURDLING TERROR 
YOU IL REVER. EVER FORGET! 

A Gothic tale of a house that turned fun and , gam es into an orgy of ag o n y and death! k 

IUU UL n s iu i , s u s ii u u n u a u 
. 

 r u n 

• 
C M ®1 

'hat turned tun and 
It ^ 
• 
' I la o n y and death! 
A ti •ar ' 
\ 

Plus! i! vrxj i im i> 
• YCXJMG FRANKENSTEIN" 
YOU LL LOVI 

 n f rn RODDY M C D O W A LL 
F lU S ! PA M ELA FRAN KLIN 
M LN K 

 p & p kEN‘* j l 
4 dlM | 
“ S I P T H E j A n n il & W B K M r w w i n e ” ,X) 

• 

 r n 

11:5o-1 si 5-2:45-4:1o 
5:4o /si o-H:3o-1o:o5 
No Bargain Matinea 

SUPER 7o MM STEREO 
They’re Lickin’ 
Good! 

 the lo llip o p g ir ls 
IN 

SAN ANTO NIO EXPRESS— Friday March I I I 977 

Your 
Health 
By George^ 
Thosteaon, MLF). 

Coughing aids lung problems 

Dear Dr. Thosteson: Would you kindly discuss atelectasis of the lower lungs. My mother has this problem. What can we do to help her? — The children. 
A-teh-LEK-teh-sis is a collapse of the lung to the extent that the lung spaces (alveoli) are not able to absorb air properly. It comes from two Greek words 
— “ ateles” (imperfect) “ ektasis” (expansion). It is c a u s e d by s o m e t h i n g p l u g g i n g a b r o n c h i a l tube, the large air pas­ s a g e s le a d i n g to th e lu n g s fro m th e w i n d ­ pipe. It m a y be th ic k m u c o u s , o u ts i d e p r e s ­ sure on the tube, or a tumor. Often the lung is infected. 
T here is really little you can do at home ex­ cept to keep h e r as comfortable as possible and e n c o u rag e c e rta in steps that will help r e ­ lieve the problem. You should ask your doctor about these methods. It will help to change her sleeping or resting posi­ tion frequently (once an hour at least) and to urge her to cough Drugs to loosen the phelgm might be prescribed by a doctor, but must be used cautiously with such patients. 
Otherwise, treatment is to remove the cause, for example, surgery to remove a tumor. One type of atelectasis may result from inhaled anesthetic in surgery. If this is the case with your mother she probably will be improved by the time you read this. 
Dear Dr. Thosteson: I would like to know if there is any harm done to a four-month-old baby when you get water in the baby’s ears during baths. I heard it can give the child some kind of defect when it gets older — Mrs A.<\ 
No harm unless the ear drum has been perforated. 
The normal ear is constructed so that water drains out when one sits upright. The general rule is not to ta m p er with the ea r canal. The wax and the tiny hairs that continually push it out keep the inner structures clean. 
Vitamin C. 

Dear Dr. Thosteson: I still read a lot about vitamin c. and the wonders it can work. I have never read lust how much is actually needed to maintain health. 
Have you changed vour opinion about its effects in treating colds?—T. E. 
The U.S. “ RDA” (recommended daily allowance) for vitamin (’ varies with the age of the person. 
Needs, according to the government figures, is Ho milligrams for infants, 4o for children under four, and HO for adults, children four and over, and preg­ nant or lactating women. 
I have nothing against vitamin just a bit of skepticism about some claim s with regard to the colds. Studies to date have revealed both possible advantages and disadvantages in heavy doses of (', 
Until all of the evidence is in. I will continue to advise its use only in amounts needed normally — unless an actual deficiency is shown. 
Dear Dr. Thosteson: I recently had a baby and was told that as long as I am nursing I cannot get preg­ nant. Please tell m e if this is true. — Wondering 
Mother. 
Conception is possible while breastfeeding. 

Yoo con lose w e ig h t if yo u re a lly w o n t to ! D r. T h o ste so n ’ * booklet, * Lost Secrets o f Reducing, tells you how — n atu rally and w ith o u t gim m icks 
— to the level best suited to yo ur in d ivid u a l needs For a copy w rite to him in core o f this new spaper, enclosing a long, self-addressed, stam ped envelope and 35 cents. . 
The Aces 
On Bridge 

Bs IRA G. ( ORN JR. 

All of us are tem pted by the w ays of w ickedness now and then 
Who am ong us has never felt the urge to fold, spindle or m utilate’’ 
T od ay ’s d ecla rer w as a solid citizen who would never d r e a m o f d a m a g i n g a m achine record card He a l­ w ays paid all his bills on tim e and jud gin g from today's gam e, a com m endable effort, since he surely had plenty of bills at hts bridge club. 
Had North shown his d ia ­ mond suit after failing to find a spade fit, it's possible that declarer would have ended tht rubber with a cold d ia ­ mond gam e As it was. he had to struggle with the rather normal contract of three no trump 
South look the first heart since he was afraid of a possi­ ble club shift Nest he focused on (he long diamond suit and he did what com es naturally 
•• the losing diamond finesse went to East '* king East led the queen of hearts, which declarer refused, but another heart cleared the suit 
Now 
West w as left with the ace of spades and the good hearts and declarer had only eight tricks and another bill to pay 
W h e re d id d e c l a r e r go wrong" Instead of taking the d ia m o n d finesse, d e c l a r e r should have first attacked 
West s only possible entry - the a te of spades 
At trick two, a spade is led to d u m ­ my's IO and that holds the trick Now d eclarer has pine sure tricks hut it s reasonably sate to trv tor an overt rick 
A spade is continued to 
West s ace and West leads another heart East plays the, queen and d ecla rer ducks and the third heart is won by force Now it s time for the d i a m o n d f i n e s s e a n d declarer is safe whether it wins qr loses (If East wins the diamond king and has 

C y p r e s s 
PICK 

8 p.m.: THE ABC FRIDAY N IG H T M O V IE has “ Let s Scare Jessica To D eath” starring Zohra lam pert as a woman recovering from a nervous breakdown. 
W hat happens to her in a N ew England village is not what the doctor pre­ scribed. Kevin O ’Connor and M ariclaire Costello are also in the cast. (Ch. 12) 

F r id a y T V 

NORTH 
J/tt A 
4 K J to 7 
V RS 
♦ a q to I s 
4 I 2 
WEST 
EAST 
4 A 6 
4 9 5 4 2 
: J IO 9 4 3 t g i t 
5 2 
♦ K 4 
4 q J 
9 3 
4 IO 7 5 4 
SOl'TH 
4 q 13 
4 A K 7 
♦ J 9 7 # 
4 A K 8 

V u ln era b le 
N orth -S o u th . 
Dealer South. The bidding 

South 
West N orth 
East 
I NT 
P ush 24 
Pass 
24 
Pass 3 NT 
A ll pass 

O p en in g lea d 
J a ck of hearts. 

 another heart, the defense scores only tw o hearts, a spade and a diamond > In a c­ tual play. East wins the d ia­ mond king and has no more hearts 
Now declarer wins the next lead and claim s him ­ self an overtnck. 
A good way to reduce the cost of living Determ ine who your dangerous opponent is and then attack ms entry before he can hurt you 

Bid With Corn 
South holds 

4 A 6 
4 J IO 9 4 3 
♦ s 2 
4q J«3 

South 
I NT 

Answer 
Two spades 
Do not introduce the weak heart suit with reasonable spade s u p p o r t 
An a l t e r n a t i v e would be two no trump, but that would be an overbid 

BILL WITHERS 
...Midnight, Ch. 4 

7 a m. (Ch. 4) - THE 
TODAY SHOW 
- This m o r n i n g ’s f e a t u re s in ­ clude: Dr. Samuel Dun­ ked discussing sleeping positions; an d a dart- throwing ch am p io n s h ip from New York. 
7 
(Ch. 
12) 
- 
GOOD 
MORNING AMERICA - 
Comedian Red Skelton will lie guest. 
8 (Ch. 
>) - CAPTAIN 
KANGAROO - Imogene 
Coca t a k e s o v e r the sw itc h b o ard office for the day and reads the sto r y 
“ M a ry 
Alice, 
Operator fl.” 
4 (Ch. 12) - THE MIKE 
DOUGLAS SHOW - ben ­ da Carter is co-host with guests T a m m y Wanette, 
Al lo Guthrie, Hal Need­ ham. .Johnny Bench and th e 
B a l l e t t 
C o n c e r to 
Dancers. 
2 p.m. (Ch. 5) - ALL IN 
THE FAMILY - “ The 
.Jeffersons Move U p . ” 
With George Jefferson’s cleaning business boom­ ing, he insists that the family leave ‘‘B u n k e r ­ ville’’ and m ove to a 
M a n h a t t a n h i g h - r i s e apartment, an idea that w o r r i e s 
L o u is e a n d would worry George if he knew of the big surprise iii store for him. ( R ) 
3:3o (Ch. 12) - THE NEW 
MIC KEY MOUSE CLUB 
V icki 
C a n c e r , a 
12-year-old roller skater from Huntsville, Alaba­ ma, and Mark Ja m es, a 
1o-year-old disco dancer from O ak la n d , C alifor­ nia, are featured guest ta le n t for ‘‘S h o w t i m e 
D aw ” 
4 
(Ch. 
12) - E M E R ­ 
GENCY! ONE - “ Brush­ fire.” The p ara m e d ic s rescue two elderly sis­ ters; treat the shattered leg of a fireman; deliver a baby; and administer to an injured cyclist. (R) 
6:3(1 
(Ch. 
12) 
- THE 
M UPPET SHOW - Va lerie Harper visits the 
Moppets today. 
7 (Ch 
4) - SANFORD 
AND SON - “ Funny, You 
Don’t Look It.” Fred gets to wondering about his own roots and consults a shady genealogical firm to find out w h e r e he conies from. The c o m ­ pan y te lls h i m h e ’s 
Jewish and a descendant of King Solomon. 
7 (Ch. 5) - CODE R - ll s the Fourth of July and the island is hopping with visitors. One is an unwelcome yacht owner who disregards the safe­ ty of others an d his fireworks display causes a d a n g e ro u s fire. The emergency men are also busy with an abandoned child who has fallen into a well. Bernie Kopell is t h e a r r o g a n t y a c h t owner. 
7 (Ch 9) - VEGETABLE 
G ARDEN 
CLINK 
- 
Guests on this four-hour p r o g r a m will he: Dr. 
Sam Coiner, discussing to m a t o e s ; Dr. H aro ld 
Kilpatrick, general g a r ­ den practices and vege­ table varieties for this area; Dr. Charles Cole, prevention of insect d a ­ mage and diseases; Mr. 
Malcolm Beck, n ature’s 

KMOl-TV o 
NSC 
KENS-TV 
o 
CBS 
KLRN-TV 

O 
E r i 
KSAT-TV 
CD -A B C 
KWEX-TV 
CD—Ind 

■PP OO 
M n 5 
M 
3o 
M 
45 

(6 4o) Toke Four 

(6 45) Adelante 

(7 OO) Todoy 

(7 25) News 

CBS M orning News 

Hughes Rudd 

Brute Morton 

Mister Rogers’ 

Neighborhood 

Sesame Street 

(6:45) Classroom 

(7) Good Morning 

(7:25) NewsWotch 

(7.-3o) Good 

o 
” 
o 
1 

(7:3o) Todoy 

Tom Brokaw 

(8 25) News 

(8 3o) Today 

Caproin 

Kangaroo 

Bob Keeshon 
Nineteen 76/77 

Measuremetric 

Morning, America 

Dovid Hortmon 
(8:25) NewsWotch 

(8:3o) America 

I 

Wk 

Martha 
Gutiecrez 
3 p .m ., 
Ch. 41 

o^ o ^* 
■ 

Hector 
Bonilla 
IO p .m ., 
Ch. 41 

A 
OO 
9 H 

Sanford and Son 

Redd To xx 

Hollywood Squares 

Peter Marshall 

I Dream of 

Jeonnie 

Price is Right 

Bob Barker 

The Electric 

Compony 

Nineteen 76/77 

Measuremetric 

The Mike 

Douglas Show 

Lynda Carter 

 is co-host 

K 
E 
I 

Wheel of Fortune 

Chuck Woolery 

Shoot For 

 the Stoa 

 is host 

 love of Life 

CBS News 

Villa Alegre 

Nineteen 76/77 

Measuremetric 

All My Children 

Happy Days 

Ron Howard 

1 
1 
1 

Nome That Tune 

Tom Kennedy 

TV 4 Big News 

Frank Matthews 

The Young ond 

 the Restless 

Seorch for 

Tomorrow 

Animals & Such 

Two Cents’ Worth 

Nineteen 76/77 

Measurements 

Second Chance 

Jim Peck 

Ryon’s Hope 

1 
2 
1 

The Gong Show 

Chuck Barm 

Days of 

Our Lives 

Eyewitness News 

Bob Koop 

As the 

World Turns 

All About You 

Wordshop 

Nineteen 76/77 

Measuremetric 

NewsWotch 

Ouin Mathews 

Fam ily Feud 

Richard Dawson 

 rn 
OO 

I 
15 
I 
3o 
■ 
45 
The Doctors 
The Guiding 

Light 

The Electric 

Company 

Nineteen 76/77 

Measurements 

52o,ooo Pyramid 

Dick Clark 

One life to 

Livr 

2 
1 

Another World 
All in the Family 

Corroll O’Connor 

Match Come l l 

Gene Rayburn 

In fin ity Factory 

Nineteen 76/77 

Measuremetric 

General Hospital 

John Berodino 
KWEX-TV 

4 4 OO c 
15 
% 3 o 
W :4 5 

My Three Sons 

Fred MocMurroy 

The Lucy Show 

Lucille Ball 

Tattletales 

Bert Convy 

Bewitched 

I . M ontgom ery 

Two Cents Worth 

Nineteen 76/77 

Cousteou 

Edge of Night 

New Mickey 

Mouse Club 

En San 

Antonio 

Mort ho 

G utierrez 
41 

Gunsmoke 

James Amess 

Amanda Blake 

Milburn Stone 

The Brody Bunch 

Robert Reed 

Hogon s Heroes 

Bob Crone 

Sesame Street 
Emergency One! 

Kevin Tighe 

Randolph M ontooth 

Coco Drilo 

Berrien Cornejo 

Mundo de 

Juguete 

 mm OO f c 
: 15 

^ 
3 
o m o 45 

Gilligon s Island 

Bob Denver 

NBL Nightly 

News 

Eyewitness News 

Bob Koop 

CBS News 

Walter Craniate 

The Electric 

Compony 

Villa Alegre 

The Partridge 

Family 

ABC Evening News 

Reasoner/W alters 

El Hijo de 

Angelo Morio 

Rotonda Barrat 

Johonno Rosoly 

 rn 
OO 
6 i i ? 

TV 4 Big News 

Gene liv e ly 

Martho Buchanan 

Jim Dawson 

Eyewitness News 

Chris Morrou 

Hollywood Squares 

Peter Marshall 

M ocNeil/ 

 le h re r Report 

Texos W eekly 

Bill Anderson 

NewsWotch 

Don Colson 

The Moppet 

Show 

Reporter 41 

Andres R Morin 

Oscar Zomora 

Cuco Rodriguez 

 amar OO 
M 
M 
3 o 
M 
4 5 

Sanford and Son 

Redd Foxx 

Chico and 

The Mon 

Code R 

James Houghton 

Morty Ko v t 

Susonne Reed 

The Vegetable 

Gorden Clinic 

Oonny & Marie 
Baroto de 

Primovero 

Jacqueline 

Andere 

Q ?? 

o 
,4? 

The Rockford 

Files 

Jim Garner 

Noah Beery 

The Sonny 

 ond Cher 

Show 

ABC Friday 

Night Movie 

"le ts Scare 

Jessico to Death * 

El Chavo 

Roberto Belonos 

Noches Topatics 

Quincy 

Jock Klugmon 

Hunter 

James Fronciscus 

 lin d a Evans 
•• 

Zohro Lampert lucho lib re 

(W restling) 

IO! 

TV 4 Big News 

Gene Lively 

The Tonight 

Show Starring 

Eyewitness News 

Chris Morrou 

CBS la te Movie 

Ben ’ 

NewsWotch 

Don Colson 

Mary Hartman, 

Mary Hortmon 

Lo im perdonoble 

Amparo Rarities 

24 Horas 

Jocobo 
Ill 

Johnny Corson 

(12) Soul 

Joseph Campanella 

 le e Harcourt 

Montgomery 

(12 3o) Pro) Ter 

Rock Follies 

( I ) Sign Off 

Ironside 

Raymond Burr 

Don Gallaway 
(12) The F B I 

Zubludovsky 

(12) Sign OH 

Progrom listings com pital in this log ort furnished by tho television stotions and ar 
(bongos The newspaper is not responsible whan listings era in anat. 

I s u b le t* to la s t-minute 

Take this value hom e to n ite 

 n N r e M p ^ i 

 f i e 
EBB 

Q u a s a r . 1 2 : . , 
PORTABLE COLOR TV 
£ 
• Uses Less energy than 
7 n n a 75 Watt light bulb 
Jm%M%M • Lightweight, only 28 lbs. 

GEORGE’S 
TV 
2415 Harry Wurz. 

 at Rittim an Rd. 

828-13o6 

 predators and Dr. Je rry 
P a r s o n s , g r o w i n g g a r ­ dens in containers. 
7 (Ch. 12) - DONNY & 
MARIE • A lot of guests tonight as our two teen­ agers play host to Lome 
G r e e n e , 
R u th 
Buzzi, 
Jim m y Osmond and Ro­ be rt H cgye s of “ W e l­ come Back, Rotter.” 
7:3o (Ch. 4) - CHICO 
AND 
THE 
MAN 
“ C h a m p s 
A i n ’t 
Chumps." Chico decides that h e ’s des tin e d for bigger things and turns to prizefighting us the means of getting there. 
8 (Ch. 4) - THE ROCK­ 
FORD KILES - “ To Pro­ tect and Serve." Joyce 
Van Patten guests as an overly enthusiastic police huff who spells trouble for R o c k fo rd ’s friend. 
Detective Becker. Then sh e j e o p a r d i z e s R o c k ­ ford’s a t te m p ts to pro­ tect the life of the girl­ friend of an underworld lawyer. (Part One) 
8 (Ch 5) • THE SONNY 
AND ( HER SHOW - The g r o w n - u p v e r s i o n s of 
Don ny and Marie have interesting g u e s t s % too. 
They a re David S t e i n ­ berg, Shields and Y a r ­ nell and special guest 
Tina Turner. 
9 (Ch. 
4) - QUINCY * 
“ lilt an d 
Hun ut 
D a n n y ’s . ” 
A football player is injured in a 

 hit-and-run accident out­ sid e a c l u b r u n by 
Quincy's friend. Danny 
Tovo (Val Bisoglio), and both Federal agents and gangsters seem anxious to stifle Q u i n c y ’s i n ­ quiry. Carl Betz, Renee 
Jarrett, Ja ck Colvin and 
Bob Minor arc featured players. 

9p(5)HOT NEW SPY TEAM! 
•HUNTER-NEW SERIES(Adv) 

9 (Ch. 5) - HUNTER - 
While posing as a pro­ fessional killer who is about to c a r r y out a 
“ hit” assignment in San 
D iego, 
C a lif., s e c r e t a g e n t J i m H u n t e r is startled suddenly to dis­ cover that he, himself, appears to be the target of an assassin. 
1o:3o 
(Ch. 
4) 
• THE 
TONIGHT SHOW STAR­ 
RING JOHNNY CARSON 
• (lube Kaplan is guest host. 
1o:3o (Ch. 3) • IHE ( B S 
LATE MOVIE - “ Ben,’’ s t a r r i n g Lee H arc o u rt 
M o n t g o m e r y . 
J o s e p h 
Campanella and Arthur 

CERTIFIED PEST CONTROL 
ROACHES 
$3 oo 5 c 
6 ROOMS— 3 MO. WARRANTY <£ 
FRIE TERMITE INSPECTION 
* 
7 3 3 -7 5 1 1 

Summer sitcom gets second try 

SPECIAL T O THE EXPRESS 
One of the m ost su c­ cessful series from the litter of sitcoms born last s u m m e r is “ What’s Hap­ pening! !” 
It is a loosely adapted offshoot of 
“ Cooley 
High," a generally well­ received film about the highjinks of three high school boys in a black urban area. 
The TV show received a good response during the s u m m e r s e a s o n 
(which is usually a u d i­ tion tim e for potential y e a r - r o u n d s e r i e s ) so 
ABC p u lle d 
“ W h a t ’s 
Happenin g!!” out of its trick bag in November. 
Though the show was recently sw itched to a new ti m e slot ( T h u r s ­ days, 7:3o on Channel 12) from its original S a tu r­ day b erth , the sh uffle w a s n ’t b e c a u s e of a u ­ d ie n c e p r o b l e m s with 
‘‘W h a t ’s H a p p e n i n g ! ! ” but d u e to o t h e r p r o ­ g r a m m i n g r e - a l i g n ­ m e n t s . 
A n e t w o r k s p o k e s m a n sa id th e series is doing well in ratings. In fact, durin g its four-w eek s u m m e r trial run, the show pulled the highest rating of any 
ABC series introduced. 
Contemporary 
A c o n t e m p o r a r y c o ­ medy, “ W h a t’s H ap p en ­ in g ! ! ” furthers the con­ ce p t r e c e n t l y a c k n o w ­ ledged by the television s c r i p t w r i t e r s th a t all blacks don’t live in ghet­ tos. L ik e “ T h e J e f f e r ­ s o n s , ” i t ’s a b o u t m i d ­ dle-class city life and to so me degre e like ‘‘Wel­ co m e B a c k , H o t t e r . ” sin c e i t ’s a b o u t high school kids. 
The com edy s ta rs E r ­ nest T h o m a s , Haywood 
N elson J r . an d F r e d 
Berry as Roger ( " R a j ” ), 
D w a y n e a n d 
R e r u n . 
Roger is a d re a m e r, be­ spectacled and yearnin g to be a writer. Dwayne, the youngest of the trio, is a ta g alo n g type still t r y i n g to r e s o lv e his 
“ cool complex.” Rerun is 

 the group’s foil — round as a barrel and prone to s a y i n g a n y t h i n g that comes to his mind. 
M abel 
K ing p l a y s 
R o g e r ’s g e n t ly s u p p o r ­ tive mother and Danielle 
Spencer portrays his lit­ tle s is te r , a b r a tt y but lovable child. Like the c a f e t e r i a u s e d by the 
Sweathogs in “ Welcome 
Back, Hotter,” a corner sandwich joint, with its jaunty waitress played by 
Shirley Hemphill, is the 
“ W h a t ’s H a p p e n i n g ! ! ” hangout. 
True-to-life 
F o r E r n e s t T h o m a s , who p l a y s “ R a j . ” th e show is actually a true- to-life p art. T he y oung a c t o r sa id th a t he is amazed by how much he is like the c h a rac t er he plays. “ I t’s just one of tho se g ro o v y t h i n g s , ” 
Thomas said. “ It wasn't meant to be. I mean the script guys did n’t work it out that way, but us soon as we got into the show I realized how much I a m really ‘R aj.’” 
T h o m a s sa id he also harbors a desire to be a w rite r and th a t he and his two c o l l e a g u e s on 
“ W h a t ’s H a p p e n i n g ! ! ” have informally created a firm called Fitzgerald 
& Co., which they hope will evolve into a sm all publishing venture. Tho­ m a s s a id t h a t B e r r y writes poetry and Nelson is a gifted cartoonist. “ Of course, it’s all only in the talking s ta g e ,” T h o m a s said, “ but w e’d really dig d o in g s o m e t h i n g t h a t makes it. We did a stor­ yline for th e show and sent it over to the story ed ito r. T h e y told us it was b e i n g c o n s i d e r e d . 
Like, wow, if that works out we would all be over­ 

 joyed." 
Thomas, who hesitates to give his age except to say he is in his late 2os, said he found that being a s t a r of a n e t w o r k TV series has co n s id erab ly changed his life. Among his firs t m a t e r i a l a c q ­ uisitions was a new car. 
H e’s also just begun to r e a l i z e t h a t s u c h a position brings with it a goldfish bowl existence. 

ERNEST THOMAS 
..." R a j” 

“ I f s w e i r d , r e a l l y w e i r d . ” T h o m a s s a id . 
“ In r e s t a u r a n t s I c a n ’t get over the way people recognize me. They come over an d a s k for a u t o ­ graphs. They want to talk to me. I get mail. They send m e letters and even gifts." 
Decision made 
The young actor comes fro m G a r y . Iu d ., an d som ew hat proudly m e n ­ tions that he g r a d u a t e d f ro m 
E m e r s o n 
High 
School, which is also the alma m a ter of Karl Mal­ den. sta r of “ The Streets of San F ra n cisc o .” Tlio- m as said that during his high school years he de­ cided he wanted to be an actor and auditioned for 

W W m o p 

 kjROACHES $19 
I Mm 
WARRANTY 
E AGGIE PEST 
$3.oo J C 
TREE TERMITE INSPECTION 
I 
735-8231 
223-1726 

PWDPMBfPNPVPDPMI 
I tv r e-* r* vr 

O’Connel. When an army of rats, led by one named 
Ben. atta c k s and kills t h e i r t r a i n e r , p a n i c spreads throughout Los 
Angeles, as the police try to hunt down the rodents. 
(R) 

1o:3o (Uh. 12) - MARY 
HARTMAN, 
MARY 
HARTMAN - M ary ’s kit- chen is overflowing with holiday cheer; Mary says a special m e rry Christ­ mas; Loretta lias a new song for a very special audience. 

 l l 
( t h . 
9) 
• 
KUI K 
FOLLIES 
- 
“ On th e 
Road." The Little Ladies go on the road, meeting new m ale friends who c r e a t e p r o b le m s when their London boyfriends decide to m a k e a s u r ­ prise visit. 

 ll (Ch. 12) • IRONSIDE • 
"F ive Days in the Death of Sgt. Brown." Experi­ mental spinal surgery is i n t e r r u p t e d by d e a t h threat against surgeon’s k i d n a p p e d da u g h te r.. 
(Conclusion) 

 t o m jo n e s Q uasar 

Works in a Drawer 
Color TV 

T O M IO R IO I A H , Q U A SA R W O K * IN 

A M A W I * ( ( K O * TV n I A « H T TO 

U a V K f . H O A M A U I CAN I t ifR A IC - 

1 o IN T H I K O M 
M IT H O U I I A * (.I 

V O !U M I 
I U T IN G 
A N O 
I O * 
O H I 

M IA O 
A N O 
N O 
L A U S M M .C O M 

M IS S IO N S TO I A T A ft W O M W 4 TO U 

IM I 
M N I ST M M U A N O t t t W C I A N O 

( O M P U H IN JT A U A T tO N 
T O M JONES 
Quasar l f l f V IS IO N — A M I A N C f S — W K N ITU A i 

* o 7 BROOKLYN 
M V TTM 

 m m 

KCOR, whose outstanding public service program, 
“VOICE OF THE PEOPLE” is heard Wednesdays at 6:1o p.m. 

135o on the Dial 

M I W 

THANKS 
TO YOU, 
WE’RE 
NUMBER 
ONE!! 

W a n t 

A d s 
C A L L 

2 2 5 - 1 6 6 6 
H O U R S 

8 A.M. to 
5:3o P.M. 
MONDAY thru FRIDAY 

T O G — P e rso n a l* 
1 o 7 — 
B u tin * * * P e r s o n a l* 

1 o B — L ot a n d Fo u n d 
1 1 o — S p a c ia l N o tic e * 
112— ProfoMionol Motif** 

11t— Lode* Notice* 
I SO— Bid* A Proposal* 
122— Official Publication* 
1 2 4 — lo y a l N o tice * 

1o6 • PERSONALS 
Mi SEVERELY PHOTO 
Studio Nooattves-Salo 
F o rm e re iy of ti. M a in St. C o ll 
L o u r a o f 674-222o o r H a r r y 
224-66*1 tor further Inform ation. 
F O X Y L A D Y E s c o r t S e r v ic e 
7368253. 732-3361 T o kyo H o u te 
471 > Blanco in d iv id u a l a v a ila b le te c u rltv p o­ s itio n : p e r s o n a l, b u s in e s s , p roperty. A v a ila b le Spm-4 36am 
O N L Y . 
T H E 
V E B Y 
B E S T 
R E F E R E N C E S . 
Fee-eipenses. 
4o2-1o37 

 i to t r a m m i k e s 

Younp A rt student needs fin an cial assistance. Pleose w rite: A. Cas- tillo -v ie ra . P.O . Bo* 121oo, San 
Antonio, T*. 7 8 2 1 2 . ___________ 

1o7 BUSINESS PERSONALS 

A N EW M A S S A G E LO C A T IO N outside city, open 7 days til 2cm. 
P ro f. m asseu ses. 1223o IH3S N. betwwen O 'Conner A Judson B d s 

 a 

C A L L B R E E M iss 36-22-35, tor the 
M a s sa g e of Y o u r L ife ! P A R I S 
B U B B , Open 1o:3oam to 4om. 
4o2-2oo4. 
C A L L C E E C E E A N D T H A T 
AIN T SCOTCH* 4o2-2oo4________ 

BIAL IST Att 

2o1 — Bool Estate Nook** 
2o2— Open Homos 
2o4—-Prep arty Out of 
Town 
2o6— Condominiums—- 
Townhouse* 
2o§—-Apartments, 
Duplexes 
21o— House*— Northeait 
212— House*— Northwest 
214— Howes 
Southeast 
216— Homos— Southwest 
211— House* Moved and 
Wrecked 
22o— Houses for Trod* 
224— Houses, Sal* or 
Kent 
226— Suburb on 
Property 
Acreage 
22t— Resort Properties 
23o— Lek 
231 — Investment 
Property 
232— Farms and Ranches 
234 foins* and Ranchos for Rant 
236— Commercial 
Property 
Sole 
33B— Commercial 
Property (Lease) 
24o— Commercial 
D a n as rn w in / U / n i* 6w sJ\ 
■ I U pU rT j | WW Mi I • VU | 
2 4 2 - Industrial Property for ltd* 
244- Industrial Property for loos* 
246— Industrial Property 
Wonted 
24»— Office Space for 
L#as« 
25o— Office Space 

D O U B L E 
Y O U R 

M O N E Y 

I N 9 o D A Y S lf you bove $25oo or m ore, we can put the right people in touch with you Ifs possible to double, even trip le , y o u r m o n ey In to d a ys. 
L e g a l, c o n fid e n tia l. G e t on o u r list Coll now T O L L -F R E E 

8 o o -8 2 4 -5 1 2 o 
A s k F o r O p e r a t o r 156A 

 b l o o d 
? DONATIONS? 

BLOOD - PLASMA 
SERVICES O f 
SAN ANTONIO 
N OW 
OPEN 
ACROSS FROM 
MUNICIPAL AUDITORIUM 
AT 
112 AUDITORIUM CIR. 
Mea.-HL MO AJA-4.-oo FJA 
CLOSED SAT. A SUN. 
$ PAID DONATIONS $ 
ONLY 

A U D IT O R IU M 
A ir c o n d itio n e d to r w e d d in g s receptions, dances, etc. H olds up to 45o o e o p ie 
G r e a t e r S A 
Builder Assoc, ( t is N.W. lH-1o 
646-38oo. 
‘A* A ouger cleans clogged d ra in s and sew ers best - p lum bing re p a ir too One c a ll does it a ll, p ric e s b e fo re we sto rt. S even d a y s week. C all anytim e 341-6124 or the white pages tor A A ouger 

E n la rg e Y o u r C ir c le of S in g le 
Frie n d s Jo in 
S U B U R B A N S IN ­ 
G L E D A T IN G S E R V IC E . W rite: 
8451 M ich elle W ay Son Antonio, 
T X 7823t. 
E sc o rts, guided T ours, in te rn a ­ tional E sco rt and T o u r A gency. 
1ooo2 M c Cullough, 341-o525 
E V E R H ave a Sw itch M assag e? 
Coif Carm en for D etails. 492-2994 
FO R H E L P with on unwed p re g ­ nancy, call Edno G iodney Hom e. 
Ft. Worth, T X 1-8oo-7o2-11o4 
FREE 
WATERBEDS 
EXOTIC 
MASSAGES 

ART LESSONS 
Pain tin g , d raw ing, any m edium . 
S t ill life , la n d s c a p e , p o r t r a it . 
B e g in n e r s a n d a d v a n c e d students. D etails: H erm an de Jo- rl. o26-385o._____________________ 
BARBERS 
B A R B E R B O A R D Will m eet Sun day Feb. 27 at 2pm. Lew is B a rb e r 
College 62o8 S. Flores. >24-3o8o 

ICT - UBS I PROPOSALS 

FOR RENT 
H o u rly or d a lly A u d ito riu m and 
P arty room beautiful N orth Side 
Location, great for m usic, clubs, p a r t ie s , w e d d in g r e c e p t io n s , m e e tin g s of a ll k in d s . C a ll 
344-453o N e a r N o rth S ta r and 
C entral P o rk M all. 
Jiffy P re ss Instant P rin tin g 
A full service prin t shop near you 
14o6 M cC ullough 6211 San P e dro 
17o1 SW M ilita ry D r. 
42oo F re d e rick sb u rg Rd 
724 E. Rhapsody of Son Pedro 

G iven bv the Foxiest G irls in Son 
Antonio. Best place to R e la x and 
Unwind “ Feel Better F a st". Out­ side C ity L im its . O pen 1o:3o to 
3am. B ig D iscou n ts! N orth Side 
P A R IS -R U B B , 492-2oo4 

PHOTOGRAPHY 
W edding debuts 
A ll occasions. 
532-9543__________ 

G. 
SPECIAL 

Ski New Mexico-Colorado 
C h arter your own flight 517$ per person rou nd trip (p a rty of 4). 
F o r details, co ll (512 ) 846-3471. 

M ost M assages ' i P ric e ! lOpm to ta m The Late N ite P la ce to be this week! 
P A R IS -R U B B . 
492-2994. 
HEY 
HEY 

252— Real Estate Sail ar 
Exchange 
254— Real Estate Wanted 
256— Roof Estate 
Loan* 
Nates 
25B— Baal Estate Loans 
W itted____ 

 b r a n d y is H e r d T h a t T a ll 
Stacked Blonde. “ W hat A W ay To 
Go ". P A R S R U B S , 4o2-29o4 
L Y N N S B E T T E R H E A L T H 
_________S A LO N 456-7494________ 
M A S S E U S E W A N T E D 52oo 53oo 
W eekly. E x p e rie n c e not n eces- 
I sary. 732-3341. 4318 B lanco. Tokyo 
House. 

■ IN T A IS 

M eet m e noon to 6pm, Betty. M eet m e (rom 6pm to 2am , E d ie fo r d rin k s and d a n c in g A t the R e ­ sort, 6643 R andolph B lvd. between 
O Conner 4 Judson Refs 

3o2— Mobil* Homa* for 
Rant 
4o1 
ApuiTnignti Sum. 
4o2 
Hausakaaplnfl Apt. 
Funs. 
4o4 
Apartments, Un turn. 
4o6 
Houses, Duplexae— 

4o8 
Houses, t texts se rn ja il a si wyrtWmiSflww 
41o— Houses, Rent ar Sail 
412— Reams, Furnished 
414— Reams, Unfurnished 
416— Rooms with Beard 
41 ■— Want ta Rant ar 

 p o m p e i i . F o r A M assage can be on exqu isite e xp e rie n ce beyond description or Im agination Com e 
See M elanie, Peanut, C h ris, Sara ond Dole. 113o Basse, 7335156 
PREINVENTORY 
SALEI 
A t P A R I S - R U B B . B lo n d e s, re d heads, brunettes P ric e s slashed on all M assages. Open 1o .3oam ta tam 492-2994 

S P R I N G A N O S U M M E R g ood tim es a re here. T e n n is, fish in g . boating, sw im m in g at yo u r own private park. F o r 52oo down and 
535-55o m onthly, you aet a ll this plus your o w n 'ia c re and la rg e r tra c t of la n d 3$ m in fro m a ll m alls. 494-3448 or 494-1274. nsk tor 
Betty W eekends 497-3753. Ask for 
Norm an.______________________ _ 

INVITATION TO BIDDERS 
Th# Urban Ranawal Agency of th* City a f Sa* 
Antonio, Texas, Hereby gtvos notice as prescribed by the Texas Urban Renewal Law Article 12691-3, 
Vernon’s 
Annotated 
Civil 
Statutes to all redevelopers cmd semi-public institutions or organizations and any parsons interested 
In purchasing and redeveloping properties In th* 
Urban Ranawal Area designated as Vista Verde 
Project, Tex. R-1o9, situated In the City of San 
Antonio. 
The Urban Ranawal Agency of the City of San 
Antonie, Texas, hereby invites th* presentation of sealed bids for the purchase the following described tracts af land: 
Approxim al* 
Designated 
M inim um 
Forts! Ha. 
Iguars fast ll** (Zoning) 
Disposition F rits 

C-fc-29 
35,714497 
M 
$1.5o par square fa st 

 located generally betw een the IOO black of W ast 
Commerce Street on th* North, the 5oo block of 
Buena Vista Street on the South, tho I OO block of 
South Laona Street on the East and IOO block of 
South Frio Street on th* W est, In th# Vista V erde 
Project, Tex. 1-1o9, on Urban Ranawal Project- undertaken by the Urban Ranawal Agency of the 
City of San Antonio. The project area Is located generally west of fh* Central Business District bounded on the north and east bv Interstate 
Highway No. IO, Laredo Street and Pecos Street; en the south by Buena Vista Street ond Commerce 
Street; en th# west by the 
Missouri 
Pacific 
Railroad and fh# west property line of North 
Medina Street. 
Bids will be accepted for the entire parcel or a portion thereof. 
Selection of Redeveloper will be determ ined by the 
Redeveloper's compliance and un­ derstanding as to the use of said property as set forth in th# Urban Renewal Plan. 

E x p r e s s - N e w s — 
F r id a y , M a r c h 1 1 , 1 9 7 7 

The proparty will be the highest and best respons< 
M alad bid* approved by the Agency and tho rn to. 

 disposed of by sale to t ib ia bidder pursuant 

Top cosh paid for yo u r old new­ spapers ond corru g a te d 815 C e­ ra g o A P C O P A P E R ST O C K 
U O R IV E O U R C A R S 
A N Y C IT Y S H A R E GAS. 
N A T., INC. 
(713) 94o-1o3o 
18-8o Y E A R S 
ESC O R TS - A L L O C C A SIO N S 
Be one or have one 
344-1115 344-1125 

118-LO D G E NOTICES 

 to sealed bids 
City of San Antonio 
Necessary documents for the presentation of a bid may be obtained for a deposit of $25.oo, which fee will be returned upon submittal of a duly executed bid. 
All redevelopm ent shall conform to the 
Redevelopment Regulations and Controls set forth 
In the Groan Renewal Pion for Vista V erde Pro- 

 t ect, Tex. R-1o9, approved and adopted bv the lity 
Council of the 
City of 
San 
Antonio in 
Ordinance No. 3942o, passed and approved April 
IS, 1971, and on file with the City Clerk of the 
City of San Antonio and any am endm ents thereto. 
Other information, including the 
Urban 
Renewal Plan for Vista V erde Project, Tex. R-1o9, and a detailed instruction to bidders m ay be ob­ tained from the Urban Renew al Agency of the 
City of San Antonio, office located at 418 South 
Santa Rosa Street, in the City of San Antonio. 
Offers and bids must be accom panied by a satisfactory plan of redevelopm ent. 
Bids must be submitted by 2:oo P.M. on th# 
26th day of March, 1977, to the office of the Real 
Estate Manager of the Urban Renew al Agency ot the above address. The Agancy reserves the right to reject any and all bids. 
URBAN RENEWAL AGENCY OF THE 
CITY OF SAN ANTONIO 
By: 
Michael O . Browne 
Real Estate N egotiator, Disposition 
Date: March 1 1 , 1 9 7 7 

F irs t P a g e 

2o6 TOWNHOUSES 

2o2 

Looking for a new hom e? 

TODAY’S YOUR l u c k y d a y 
. 

High Country Estates 
$41,15o to $53,4oo 
Meadow W ood North 
$34,ooo to $41,45o 
Jones Maltsbgr ct Thous. Oaks 
The Great Northwest 
684-11 23 
$38,5oo to $55,1oo 
IM 471 of Culebra 

VA, FUA, Conventional e Fireplaces e Double 
Garages 

TERRIFIC BARGAIN 
T H U lo v e ly lik e new h o m e it p riced con siderable below sim itar m o d e ls . I n c lu d e d a re p r e t t y d ra p e s , a n d e n lo y o b le g re e n ­ house C all about it s m ony exce l­ lent feature*. 
555.ooo 
N iles, 
655-2437 
828 8241 
D O N JO H N S O N . R E A L T O R S 

KEY GROUP 
THERE AINT NO WAY you c a n b e at liv in g in the San I 
P e d ro H ill* tow n h ou se H eated pool, cabana w ith h ill kitch en for oarties ond gardener for a start or re lax In your townhom e with wet b a r, fire p la c e , big kitch e n , two or J b e d ro o m s, or a su p e r b a c h e lo r p a d w ith g a m e lo ft. 
Starting at $42,9oo 
C all 349 1436 A nytim e 
BASSE WEILBACHER 
* 
INC, R E A L T O R S 
I 
71 t i t m o s m w 
; a n ti no 
O ff E is e n h a u e r R d ju s t p a s t 
H a rry W u rzb ach . 2 sto ry , 3 be­ d room , J ': bath , J c a r g a ra g e , pool, te n n is co u rt, c lu b house. 
548,5oo. No agents. 
W O O D B R ID G E T O W N H O M E 5 
In-Town 
Location. 
Super 
Am en ities 
31o2 E isenh au er 
o26 63o1 

HOflSESNOfiTHEASI 

 si MOVE IN V A c o N v w n o s u i s s d o w n 
Mo Payment TIM April 7 7 
We h e * several 3 

$28,ooo-$34,95o 
AU HOMB FEATURE: 
✓ 1oo% Brid! Construction 
\S 
Hondcrofted 
Wood burning Fir*pkx* tnergy u ' Saving Package is Coe 
E lf ✓ Centro! M at ait u'’ eiux* Magic Chef all Electric 
Kitchen ✓ ? Ce Garage 
5 FURNISHED MOORS 
OPEN 9-9 
WOGDSTONE 
C A U 
JOHN GILLIAM 

6 5 6 - 5 4 7 4 

OLD CAMELOT 
Lovely Spanish Style 3 beden bath ond finished double p 
King t in master wit* 

THIS WEEK’S SPECIAL 
Th* owner has bought another horn* ond needs to <#« w ick No qualifying, low equity ond assume this nice 3 bedroom 
7 bath garage, central air 
.-ango. dishwasher f uno n cv 522.3oo. Coll 823-57o4 

(nrpeting. 
Quick oc 

J I 

CENTURY 21 

BOB RODGERS, REALTORS 
*1o7 f 

656-4471 
Hotogdoches of Judson 
494-6163 

North Exist or Northside Schools. 
O 
Coates Development Co. 

C o u r te s y to B ro k e rs 

2o8 APMTMENTS-DUPLEXES 
ALAMO HEIGHTS 
4 unit opt building, appro xim ately 
34oo so ft. 
E xce lle n t cen tral location. 
POGUE 6 POGUE, INC. 
822-1154 
Since 1945 
874-o698 

 m K O K KOTICK 
124 KOA!. KOTICK 

A R M Y L O D G E No HOS. A F A A M , 
13o6 E . G rayson . C a lle d Com m 
F rid a y , M a rc h l l at 7 P M for w o rk in E A a n d F C D e g re e s 
M e m b e rs u rged to a tten d. V is i­ tors alw ays w elcom e H a rold H 
Seewold. W M ,; G eorge E. Oeets. 
Sec 
B E T H A N Y C H A P T E R No 912, o 
E. S. 1847 W. H u is a c h e . R e g 
M e e tin g F r id o v I P M 
W M 
333-7644, Sec, 494-2474 

12o BIDS A PROPOSALS 

R o o m m a te n e e d e d to s h a r e apartm ent? 344 ll2 5 _____________ 
S C IE N T IF IC c 
P R O F E S S IO N A L 
O A T IN G S E R V IC E 
M atch m aker Inc 3 4 4 m s 

SU S IN ! SS 
O PPO R TU N ITIIS 
$ 

3o1 — Busine** 
O p p o rtu n ist* * 
SOT— Busine** Oppor­ tunities Went ad 
3o4— Money 9* Lend 
3o6— Financial— Invast- 

SINGLES 
A K R has m em bers in Son Antonio a re a E s ta b lis h e d , re s p e c ta b le introduction club M eet other sin c e re s in g le s lo c a lly SIO OO In ­ troductory otter A K R Select Sin 
Oles, Box 8571, C orpu s C h risti. Tx 
7*412 
Singles H OO Y rs D ating 
By M atch m a ke r Inc 
1259 Jackson K e lle r Suit* 2o5 
E xecu tive Center 344-i m 

3oR— Oil Proportion* 
SIO— Money Wanted 
312 
Inttrucfien* 
314 
Iru tructions Wanted 

IM PLO T M IN I 

6o1 — Professional 
6o2— Sale* 
6o4— Technical 
6o5— Resume* 
6o6— Administrative— 
Financial 
6oS— Secretarial 
61o— Offk* A Clerical 
612— Medical 
614— SklMs-Tredes 
616— Feed Prink Service* 
61 •— Part Time 
62o— Help Wanted 

622 — Comatik 
624- 

S P R IN G S P E C IA L '» P ric e M as sag*. F re e Sauna and W hirlpool 
732-3341 Tokyo Mouse 4218 B lan co 
S U N D A Y S P E C I A L ! H a lt P ric e 
M assage from 12-4. P re * Sauna 
732-3361 421o B lan co R d _________ 

Th# Northside Independent School 
District will be accepting sealed bid proposals at the Office o f the Director of Purchasing, 59oo Iters Rood, Son 
Antonio, 
Texas 
78238 fot the 
C hose of the items (isled below wiH be accepted until the dote ond time inducted on eoch item 
Phototypes* Hee 
Wednesday 
Barth 16, 1977 
IO 3o o rn 
Dtshmochme 
Wednesday 
Match 3o. 1977 
IO 3o o rn 
Turf tore Equipment 
Thursday, 
March 31,1977 
1o:3o a m. 
• d forms ond specifications moy be obtained by conloctmq the Purchos mg Office, Northside Independent 
School District of 681 o33o ext 77o 

T R Y O ur Sundov 51o S P E C I A L - 
M A S S A G E ! C a ll Is l tor appoin t- I m en!, we wit! be b u sy H a m to 
12pm P A R IS R U B S , 492 2994 
2 Women with M assas* exp m ust re lo c a te to V ic t o r ia 515oo to i i 52,ooo per m onth Send R esu m e 
I to 
M r K ing. Box 4171, V ic to ria , i 

J tL ia J S tto m a * a m M r n m m w ' 
1o8 LOST AW)FOUND 

FO U N D : fem ale Irish setter. Vat- ' 
! ley H i N orth 474-1244____________ 
Found, M ole Siam ese C at Several 
W eeks Ago affectionate Starer**! , 
Area. OSS-o951. 
; 
FO U N D : Sm oll B lack Chihuahua 
I White Puce U l t N an tu cket 
Lost: I couch cu sh ion , betw een 
Ever* Rd W est Ave, coe o619 
LO ST 
D alm atian fem ale. I black e a r o n d re d b a n d a n a a ro u n d , 
; neck A nsw ers to “ G ita n a ". C a ll 
1 696-6416 w ork) or 344-3379 atter 

INVITATION TO BID 

Sealed bah will be received by the director of Pure hosing. 177o North 
Flores St , until 2 oo PM , March 24. 

1977, ond of tho! time publicly opened, to supply th* Son Antonio 
Transit System with lubricant* for th* period April I, 1977 thru March 
31, 1978 lid forms ond specific* bons moy be obtwned hi the office of the Director of Purchasing, 177o 
North Flores St 
F.R. Jones 
Director et Purchasing 
Sen Antoni* Transit System 

NOTICE OF ANNUAL MEETING 
OF THE MEMBERS OF 
ALAMO SAVINGS ASSOCIATION 

In acco rd an ce w ith P a ra g ra p h 18 o f the By-Law s o f A la m o S avin g s A sso cia tio n 
(the “ A sso cia tio n ” ), notice is hereby given that the A nnual M e e tin g o f the M e m b ers o f the A ssociation w ill be held in the B ice n ­ tennial Room, Low er Level, A la m o Savin g s 
Tow er, 9o 1 N . E. Loop 4 1 o , in the C ity o f 
San A ntonio, Texas, on Thursday, M a rch 
24 , 1 9 7 7 , at 1 o :3 o a.m . lo cal tim e, for the purpose o f fixin g the num ber o f d ire c­ tors for the ensuing yea r and e lectin g by ballot, by m ajority vote o f those present at the m eeting in person o r by p ro xy , the m em bers o f the Board o f D irecto rs, an d for the transaction o f such other business as m ay law fully com e b e fo re the m eeting or any a d o r n m e n t thereof. 

ALAMO SAVINGS ASSOCIATION 
CLYDE JOHNSON, JR. 
President 

I NEW EXCLUSIVE AREAS 
• WHISPERING OAKS * COUMTKYSKNE 
J 
* • HUNTER'S CRICK J 
PRESTIGE HOMES 

• Hor** 
*5294oo 

© S S S 

492-1o88 • 4944249 * 492 2777 

44 and 78 UNITS 
High r e t u r n - Low e q u it y 
Good area • others available 
S A N T E X 
CO., 
R E A L T O R S 
_______ 6S3-o46o_________ 
By ow ner, 4 units, KH W arren , 
521,ooo cash or trade 732 *418 
S O E t TH E L e a d o u t -------- 
It your m oney isn I w orkin g for you. It's costing you. This 4 pie* w ill hove your m oney w orking for y p u 24 h o u rs a d a y 
95"o o c ­ cupancy. C a ll today for details. 
4o4-72oo 
C E N T U R Y 21 Schneider R ealty 

PT T s'tSR icA L A r e a ---------- 
Super duplex with guest house Hi c e ilin g s , h a rd w o o d flo o rs , f ir e ­ p la c e s . c e n t r a l e v e r y t h in g , equipped kitch en s, ce n tra l e v e r­ ything Please call us for details 
824 3233, 
M A Z IE S A L E H IL L , R E A L T O R S 
~" 1n 'V E S T M E N f p r o p e r t y " 
8 unit apt off B roadw ay, separate m eters, p riced for less than 542o per unit. C all tor details. <26-6388. 
REAVIS REALTY CO 

TRADE IN 

 your o id house for a new a ll brick hom e 

F A S Y T O D O : 

Y o u pick one o f our new hom es ond w e toke your o ld house in trode 
N o bother, no d o u b le p a y ­ ments. 

C o ll to day on how to 
♦rode in your o ld on a new oil brick hom e 
659-o471 

T S e 'A rA A M A f ilis W " 
Can assum e low V A loan 
736-1766 
128-o665 
432-o6o6 
W ATSO N ft SON R E A L T O R S 

BE NIMBLE 
BE QUICK! 
See this open and spacious 3 be­ d ro o m , 2 b a th one liv in g a re a home, with country kitchen. In the low 4o'*. In Oak Fo re st E states before it gets aw ay c a ll 349 1434 A nytim e 

BASSE WEILBACHER 
INC, R E A L T O R S 

(NORTHRIDGE) 

New on market 
Spacious 
3 bedroom, 2 bath, 74x18 paneled family room with fireplace Ap pro* 238o sa. ft of living area 
Better burry* This won t last* Open terms foil Frank Retondi 341 
9191, Mites 344 1932 

NAYLOR REALTY 
GALLERY OF HOMES 
341-9191 691-1121 656-552o 

$25,5oo IN 
CAMELOT I? 
Not a misprint, just a super home! Call us and you'd better be quick! 
653-435o 

DEANIE 
OWENS CO. 
RfAlTOt-MlS 
Wet ram Bd Oft. 

 b y Awheft, "i »fe77 T T / THS 
Com elot ll. L iv in g room with fire place, den with wet b ar. A ll E le c trie kitchen w ith b re a k fa st a re a 
C a th e d ra l c e ilin g s L a r g e up s ta ir* m a s te r su it* C o rn e r lot w ith p riv a c y fence. A ssu m p tio n with equity or refin an ce 654 o226. 

2o1 - BUU tSTATt MOTICfS 

A U ,O M O ,, V I 

*pm 

7 o 1 — A n tiq u e s -C o lle c to rs 
7 o 2 - 7 2 6 — Sport*. F o re ig n 

7 J O - 7 4 3 — C a rs — fo r S o la 

7 4 4 — C u s to m is e d 

746— Trucks 6 Commercial 

7 4 6 — M e to rc y c le * - 

7 5 o — W a n te d - A u to s , 
T ru cks, T ro lle r* . 
M o to rc y c le s 
7 5 2 — G e n e ra l A u to 

7 5 4 — Tire* 
A cce* so d a * 
7 5 6 — A u to , 

, 7 5 6 — A ir t re ft 
S e rv ic e * t u g g lte* 

Lost: Fem ale Irish Setter, S ie rra 
N o 
A r e a 
A n s to ‘ L a d y ’ '. 
661-4291, 653-3978 ask far F o u l 
LO ST: m ole Irish Setter, toaaed. j 
IO lbs. 3 y rs old IH1o and Hilde- brond. Jim 733 7882 434 833) 
LO S T : M a l* P e k in g n e s* in the v ic m tv o f l i t * P ln e b ro o k a n d 
C o 'iu g h oi! A n sw e rs ta -M uffin-. 
Child * Ret 344 1838_____________ 
LO ST 
M in ia tu re b la ck F re n c h 
Poodle in v ic in ity et A n tle r Dr.- 
M o n e y s u c k le ( C a s t le H ills ) . I 
A n s w e r s to 
M id n ig h t ' I 
R E W A R D ' 343-5444_____________ 
1 L O S T : I p a ir la d y * p re s c rib e d sun shades S m all b raw n tram * 
R E W A R O 734 o63) arter lp m 
' L O S T : re d b ro w n m a l* d o th - I shund oft IHIO near Boerne Stag* 
Rd 
Red cottar. S II R E W A R D ! I 
I 73S-3135 
__________________ 
LO S T . R e d d ish brow n do#. Je t tersan a re a W ea rin g beige and flea co llars, ne tags A p p ro x 35 
M i. R ew o rd 736 1423___________ 

Used E le m e n ta ry su e classroom fu rn itu re tre m tn t N o rth E a s t 
Independent School O is tn c t w ill be s o ld b v a u c tio n on 
W ednesdays. F e b ru a ry 23. M a rch 
J, 9, ti, and 23, 1977 at 7:15 P M 
This sol* w ill be handled by the 
Barnes Auction Com pony at their location at 2*o1 South H a ck b e rry. 
San Antonio. This sal* i» open to the public. 

 g iC d l A D O M A l 
A l l J E 
• O I 
C o mp o r t — T tu d o r* 
5 o 2 - M e te r H o m a * 
5 o * 
B e e ts, M e t e r* 
• Ors 
S p o r in g G e e d * 
• o 8 - H u n tin g A Flatting 

M o g u l M O M is i M 

COST: R E W A R O for rotor m otion loading to th* retu rn et m al* red 
A lsatian Shepherd m issin g from 
1932 Austin Hwy. 831-53ll 455 ;o il 
P le o s e h e lp us fin d o u r lo s t 7 m o n th o ld te rn ate D o b e rm a n 
A n s w e rs to 5 a d i* M ig h t h a v e so re en nos* 
B la c k a n d ru s t 
Fa m ily loves her 
*3o8 re w a rd 
456-7341 
REWARO 

I r h r 
• i 

B e lo v e d p e t, m a l* B r it t a n y 
Spaniel W hit* ond brow n 
Lost 
Nacogdoches and Loo# 416 ar* * 
N o m * 
Y a m d o ' '. 
454 4615. 
638 64*4 M r -,p«,u ,-i 
SSO REWARD 

M f PC H A MOI6I 

OOI — Bu*in*** Eq u ip m e nt 
9 o 3 — B u ild in g M a t o rie ls 
Moj y ie e a yr ap "mm* 
Pa * 
* 
* 
* gf * 
OOT — F u rn itu re 
oo9— B o w n B ro k e r* 
9 1 o — Appetence* 
OI 2 — F le e M e tk g t* 
O I A — A n tiq ue* 
O I B - A ri* , C ro fts, Im p o rt* 
O I B — C oin * A J e w e lr y 

o 2 2 — Mw*Ice! In stru m e n t* 
o 2 6 — F6wr** r ie *. 
O M — M a rk tn a ry — 
o 2 5 — M a rc h anal* I 

o 5 2 — A u cfi a n Seta 
o54 — Bush**** Directory 

O O GS— FETE s 
♦ J# — D#B*-C#**-Btrd*-F*»» 
♦ JI— F#wHey-l«bb6**-l##k 

 llV ISIO C k 

F o r into iro n in g t* th* retu rn et 
Beautiful large black o»d It tan 
G e rm a n S h e p h e rd H u s k y A p i pro* 
J y rs B a ck paw ho* ane e xtra tang to en ail L o tt T rin ity 
1 U n iv e rs ity A ro g . Sun F o b 18 
COK 734 4418 or 9334541_________ 
R E W A R O SIM 
F o r m a l* K o o s h o u n d , b la c k - gray whit*. 5 m as old, last near j 
P le asan to n Se F lo re s F A M I L Y I 
M ISSES H IM ! 533 2o*1__________ 
SSO R E W A R D tor retu rn of solid chrom e cgs* TV 
Hondl* on lop 
(olds down C ontrols rn tower rf { hand t or nor 732-4528 
_ 
R E W A R O FO R R E T U R N O F ST 
B E R N A R D 734 M 5 I____________ 
R E W A R D ! H andsom e rew o rd tor retu rn ot G old Rotes w atch An incredible am ount et sentim ental v a lu e P le a s * c a ll 498-8*34, a r 
CVI, Olive 

KW ARD lost O M SIDO tar inform ation lauding to retu rn et m a le D o b e r m a n P le t c h e r n a m e d 
B la s t e r ’ , i i y r * o ld 
I V e ry hip B la ck w ith ion m a rk mgs and trim m ed ears W earm o le a th e r c o lla r an d ra b ie s la g . 
: M issin g sin ce Sun F e d I* in O l­ mos P ark A rea C a ll 134*191 or 
133 8841 

12 4 - I M 
I n o n e t s 

NOTICE Of HEARING ON 
THE DISSOLUTION Of 
ROBARDS UTILITY DISTRICT 

Note* it given thai a hearing ani be held by lh* texas Water Rights 
Commission pursuant to 
Section 
I SO 751, tt stq, Texas Water (od*. 
I end Commission lute 129 o96SOOI, to dissolve loborlh Utility District, 

I which is located rn I*cor (aunty, 
| Ttxot, and which was crtattd by spacial ort el th* Texas legislative, wild* 121o 47o. Vernon s Trios Civil 
Statutes en June 14, 1969 Th* Cam mission anticipates dis solving th* 
Otstnct for reasons for inactivity and 
M u re ta perform any of lh* turn - lions (of which created during fry* consecutive yaws and having no uu M o n d i iv... ..Srri --l r :...rsri■ ie *1 

The h*ann| wdl be held rn th* 
Stephen F. Austin Slat* Office lurid mg et Austin. Tem , en April 2o, 
1977, at IO* deck em AK interested parties we ((quested lo offend 

Jot D. CortPf, Choirman 
TEXAS WATER RIGHTS 
COMMISSION 

I i 1977 

PUBLIC HEARING NOTICE 

A public hearing w ill be held b y a H e a rin g C o m m issio n of the 
Texas W a te r Q u a lity B o ard pursu an t to Joint S ta te Fe d e ral 

Perm it C e rtifica tio n for the fo llo w in g 

A P P L IC A N T 
P fR M lT N O . 
C O U N T Y 

Son A n to n io M U D » I 
I 1 6 4 7 O f 
Bexar 

 b eginnin g at 1 :o o p m . - A p ril 13, 1 9 7 7 
San A n to n io River A u th o rity B u ild in g 
C o n fe re n ce Room 
IOO E. G u e n th e r 

Son A n to n io , Texas 

The purpose o f the h e a rin g w ill be to am en d the e xistin g perm it a n d d e cide w hether ce rtific a tio n should b e given pursuant to Section 4 o 1 o f the Fe d e ral W a te r P o llu tio n C o n fro! A ct Am endm ents o f 1 9 7 2 . lf n e ce ssa ry, this w ill chonge the param eter an d g ra b sam ple requ irem ents o f the e xistin g 

 perm it. 

The public is invited to a tten d a n d o ffe r re le va n t e vid en ce to the H earin g Com m ission. A d d itio n a l d a ta w ill be d e ve lo p e d at the h earing but further in fo rm a tio n con cern in g the p ro p o se d perm it, if a v ailab le , con be o b ta in e d b y w ritin g Jack C o x , 
H e arin g s D ivision, Texas W a te r Q u a lity B o ord , P. O . Bo* 
1 3 2 4 6 , C a p ito l Station , A u stin , Texos 7 8 7 1 I , T elephone 

(5 1 2 ) 4 7 5 7 8 5 6 

Issued this 2 8 th d ay o f fe b ru a ry , 1 9 7 7 

S 
E 
L 
L 

D T T 

N 
O 
W 

N O T IC E O F D ISO L V E M E N T 
P a r t n e r s h ip b e tw e e n 
R ic k 
Ire la n d an d J im m y Jo h n so n in b u sin e ss know n as R ic k '* Auto and Spaed Shop. Converse. Texas wos disoived l l October. 1974 

Notice at Intention 

 to n i l o d u c* a b ill in th * 45th 
L e g is la tu re , re la tin g to th* A d ­ m in is t r a t e and R ate O e le rm in a tie n of th* C ib e lo C re e k M u n ­ icip al W aler A uthority. 
L h e re o n , City C le rk 

NOTICE TO THE PUBLIC 
Th* Annual R epart et the Sem m es 
F o u n d a tio n I* a v a ila b le at th* a ttic * et th* F o u n d a tie n , 5387 
Broadw ay, during th* next »i* (4) months f if, *18^ , te, 
/OI-HIM [STATEMOHCtS 

A ttention 1 Befur * you buy or soh ring B ell We buy eaurties Cash 
B E L L R E A L T O R S 221 *495 
A V A IL A B L E 5258.OM Q uick cosh for houses *r e q u itie s W e pay clo sin g too! F a s t S e rv ic e ! A ny area, condition or m i * 
Ask tor 

2o1 REAL ESTATE NOTICES 

HAVE YOU HEARD?? 

M a n * Fortuna. R ay Keuthan. 
Betty K irk p o lric k and Jeanne 
Newetny ar* now doing b u si­ ness as 

FORTUNA ASSOCIATES 
374o Colony 
494-1412 

HOMES S2oo DOWN! 
M C V E Y R E A L E S T A T E 
973 1784 

V A SALES LISTINGS 
£ eat ewe I Ursii* rue 4Y-- — g ■ 111 ■> i I i 
WfMrllllfp vpDWTUnny 
2o548 
7419 Spur Volley 
SI 7,275 
A l 
1 85o 
3 1 ICF 

Statement required, ownership ond operability of window air con­ ditioners unknown 
7o881 
5922 Fairwood 
$22,975 
A 1 
( 85o 
3 2-2CP 

Statement required, ownership and operability of refrigerator and rang* and oven unknown VA wifi not repair defective dishwasher 
21469 
8222 Glen loro 
$25,275 
A1 
M SO 
4 1 'A l 

Statement required, ownership and operability of range ond oven un­ known 

2176o 
219 South Olive 
SI 1,975 
A 1 
1 85o 
3-1-1 

Statement required, because of th# widespread use of points containing excessive amount of bod prior to 
195o, we understood the potential danger to young children mat may possibly exist in this bouse due to their eating chipping ond peeling point Aho, VA mokes no repairs of any kind to anything VA will not repair defective floor furnace. 
3o2476 
7131 den Heights $19,975 
A l 
1 85o 
3 1-1 
Statement rtmnred, ownership ond operability of window oh con droners unknown 
3o94o5 
7414 Fairburn 
$79,975 
A I 
1 85o 
3 2-2 
Statement requited, VA to remove boaids at tim* of soles closing 

78o164 
5o19 (cohorn 
$18,975 
A 1 
1 85o 
3 1 o 

Statement requited, fem* en 
(roaches onto adorning property to th* east ond onto easement ot ie# 
Ownership ami operability of window oh (ondrtroners unknown 

Sublet to chonge in pm*, prior sale or withdrawal at any time without notK* Offers to purchase wilt not he accepted where the broker has failed to submit to VA o signed copy af VA form 26 8138 
Joint HUD VA non dncrimination certification Th* best qualified oHei will he accepted from thou rn elver! within $ work days of the public appearance cf the in thai or revived listing Sales cern mission on J% of sales, payable on closing 

OFFIRS RICIIVID 
Disregard a* af 34-77: 
7675o6/ o forfeit VA short 

Disregard et of 3-1o-77: 
3oo999 Aicimega Slater Slater 
NEW BUSINESS 
3oo996 'Arcmtog* Slater Slater 
33335o/DeFoefo 

3447/8 lama J47456 Oefoolo 
17963 Meno JU 

756o33 JU 7/184/ Slater Oefoolo 
McCormick 

OFFERS ACCEPTED 
343477 AkComack 2o144 JBJ 
OFFERS REJECTED 
3o9861/JBJ 19255 Bever 
COMO KM BROMM OMV 

?(M>RoP£RTY OUT OF TONN 

STONEWALL, TEXAS 

(lose to IU Fork on Hwy 29o Ap prox. 24 Acres. 12 unit motel ond restaurant 
(ok) storage vault, hook ups for IS mobil* homes. 
Mony other extras. Open Terms, consider trod* Illness farces sol* 
$125,ooo (all Frank Kotondi 341- 
9191, Mites 344 1932 

NAYLOR R U in INC 

J E F F ! PSO N A R E A 
Lovely I story Old English Style. 3 la rg e u n its, e x c e lle n t con d ition 
Som e a p p lia n ce s inclu ded F ir e ­ p la c e in e a c h u n it, s e p a ra te m eters. *39.ooo, 
R E A L T O R 
4f)-)3oo 
C e n tu ry 21 
E L A IN E LU D W IG A ASSOC 
J e T > 1 'r '3 6 'W J St i A 
" 
'— niTs 
5675 m o In co m e . A lw a y s tut) 
Good cond. 541,5o8 Ow ner Corry 
343 9754. 
T R l 6 T « r 4 I L L A P T M b T E L , 
(22 u n its). R e a l m oney m a k e r. 
B a rg a in *47,5oo 734 447V 

IWn-STRRY COLONIAL 
Duplex near Pecan V alle y, corner lot. B ric k , la rg e roam s, built-in , ce n tra l heat-air, excellen t cond! hon SSS,98o. 

Van B u n n A Assoc 
684 7171 
654 64o8 
696 *894 
8 unit apartm ent house 222 bick- nev, O wner w ilting to take in du­ plex on trod* 
684-4211 or 751 9943 
P IO N E E R R E A L T Y e U lt l f K M 

BY OWNER 
3-2-2. U n iq u e c o n te m p o ra ry d# sign with large single liv in g a rea 
A ll b rick fireptace 
A ll e x tra s 
653-9466 
Y d w N C R . Y aien cia! 4 b edroom home, Cul-De-Sac. Open T e rm s 
655-6933. 
B v o w n er, V a le n c ia 4-2 2. I SAb sa ti carp eted, fire p la c e , cath * d ra t c e ilin g s , r e f r t g 539,3oo 
54,o8o Equity, A v a ila b le June 1st 
653-4945. 

BUS STOP 
E A S T 
T E R R E L L 
H IL L S 
L O C A T IO N 
N ew ly painted 3 bedroom , 2 both home Hardw ood boors, new roof 
Q u a lifie d b u y e r m a y h a v e im m ediate o ccupancy on open term s and p riced to sell at $24,5oo. Act now! 
349-4343 or 349-3535 A nytim e 

Beanie Owens Co 
R E A L T O R S B lan co R d Ole 

 b u V h e r a n 
U 6 U 4 e 
T h is 4 b e d ro o m . 2 b a th , 2 c o r 
I g arag e has lots of e x tra s and a re aso n a b le p rice . It'll la st a lot 
I to n g er than an E a s te r B o n n et. 
I Im m ediate occupancy. 
I 828-8195. R E A L T O R S 

RED CARPET 
B Y OWIv e A A G E N T B rick J i i, 

4noDpiVT o hr « fo m n V ?oo°m w rtS cToTT r T T T ''WI S t o o ls . p a n e ll n a , s I op e ° el 11 n a ,* IrTp I a ce 
« * * •’ 
•» "» custom d ra p e s throu g h ou t, c a r 
.. ......■ 
............ m 
, pet, finished garage, covered po- C a m e lo t, 3-1-1, p r iv a c y fe n c e , tio, p riv a c y fen ce, la rg e o a k s, [ la rg e t re e s , lo w e q u ity o n d ya rd com plete 494-1248 
|p a y m e n ts , B e lm e o d e R e a lt y , 

BY OWNER WINDCREST 
Being tran sferred, m ust sell. last chance to save re a lto rs co m m is slo n 4 b e d ro o m , la r g e fa m ily room with cath edral ce ilin g , fire ­ p la c e . r e a r p a tio v ie w s H ilt c o u n try . $9o7 W in d in g R id g e , 
581,9o8. 
No agents, 
B y a p pl 
*53-7271. 

 d A A A H d f Ii. S T J . (!enf b e a l a ir , fe n c e d , c a r p e t e d , c e d a r co v e re d p a tio , fin is h e d g a ra g e with w ork orea. 7*» paym ent 573o 
7835 M elb u ry Forest 454-3*59. 

5 Y "5 W Tn n r '£ 6 E H V , R e d e cora f 
» » o458. 655-6415 . 65 5 7)44 ed 2-1-den. 335 T e a kw o o d , now Cam *roT7 3-T-J, p r iv a c y fe n c e , root. C en tral a ir 529,9o8 827 3o41 la r g e tr* * 5 , lo w e q u ity o n d 

AV A w k ER 
D I , -o,7— 
57 I 826#45o" 455-84) I"** 5 7 
* ° 1 * f ' school, fenced 653-9399 ; 698 2344 , . c .? i 
■ .___ y r " „ ; - - 1 ' I ' . n n n r r-j-Tr a ( C H U R C H I L L E S T A T E S 
C o le n 
I v . « j . 
,a' hom 9. 2 stories high, has til# 
!? i!? -'.,,r! f i OC?L.e#X J5 fW*£x?2£rV entry livin g room 27x14! P tc a n 

 ie p a ra fe m e ters, good co n d itio n )oo% o ccu p ied 
Y e a rly incom e 5557o. 655-7713 
T A N G L E W O O D R E A L T Y 

^ Y o u n g , r e s p o n s ib le in v e s t o r 
' 
* 
1 wants to buy 2-35 older units from I 
D E V I N E T X 
254 S o lto c k D r retirin g owner P o tn ck 342 367) j la rge c orn er lot. I blk golf course, 
' total e le ctric 3 bedroom . 2 bath, 
: scu lp tu re d shag carp e tin g , d is h ­ washer, large patio, fenced yard, j w ater softn er, sto rag e shed, no agents 
Appointm ent onlv i I-463-5787 
IN B O E R N E , o ld e r 2 bed room 

?1o HOUSES NORTHEAST 

R E A L ^ o k 
3)1 186/ 

EDYTHE B. COOPER 
R 
E l t W 
TTTTIt"? 

 home. about I a cre, lots of oaks an d fru it tre e s H a s ow n w e ll. 
5)2,5oo F irm ) 755 4434 

2o6 TOWNHOUSES 

WOODSTONE 
4948 WOODSTONE 
(ountry and carefree livmq con be youn today Sa* these ex citing new town homes with gorgeous M l country view northwest area neor UIS* and 
USM $38,7oo to $48,4oo Only 
S S down with on* yew buy bock plan. for details, caH 69o 
1192 

S i 

Naylor Realty Inc. 

EDYTHE B. COOPER 
A A A T b t X I 4 T T7*~o*r. op 
; pliances. nothing down. 525o clos- 
1 mg Off N acogdoches Rd. 
696742o Slater R ealty 
344-o934 
A a T B A r B a i N B U Y ' 3 2-i","fire" place, applian ces 53oo down 
*9* 742o Slater R ealty 
M4-4149 

 a l 'a m S H E T b H ts $ e H 6 6 t s " 

TERRILL HEIGHTS 
New ly painted 3 bedroom . I bath cottage, hardw ood Moors, covered p a tio , p r ic e d to r q u ic k s a le . 
R E A L T O R S 124 o264 

STEVE T. FINCH a l A L i5 -H E T C U T $'1 7 7 i 6 6 L V' 
C h arm in g hom e with lots of Sal lillo tile 
I b e d ro o m s, 2 b a th s. 
I Living, dining room s p a tio ’ 
>532.5oo 
R E A L T O R S 
124 9431 

♦4o—-Uv#o##*k*F##4- 

941— 1 

O A 1 iM#m IfHiUten A eg V 
W ™ ai a*«*i.' fqpw www w *»* 

 lo i. M cm w r w Pea# m o m ** 
See 
(taal aa** M M I t o t — 9w«9#a 
1o8— C a rd a* t k a e t r 

I O ) — Maria**— H a w * # 
1 o 4 — M e i e i GU#*tare 
1 o 6 — C a m #*#*y — B or rte 

 mum 

■ E W A R D Lost (m o il Dog M ixe d 
C hihuohuo M in ia tu re F in tc b e r. 
Cam el ol ii a rt* . Ans lo honcho 

556 R ew ard Lost Mi h a rk Vin*## 
■ la c k and silver^ G e rm a n Sh* 

125 R E W A R O m ole whit* ta rrie r w it* b la c k spot* F in k U v a ld a lugs L e st v ic in ity M c C u llo u g h end H arr tat M a rch I 
J e rr y " is gun shy and very M r vows Fhone r n - t n t , pc 
U valde 
Collect 

W E V E M O V R b i Lost t r a y cat with w hile en paws and toe* 

I* M IS S 6NU Never 

Alm ost Fro * t ra n s m <Hilton t o Cleveland New Y o rk D *nv*i 
O c , FteMdof t ug C om i i * u h 

And it*! e a sy ! J u s t call u t today m d w a ll put your tow -co t! ad in print. 

Fot a a lii cath, tall that trio wa r , . , now I 

C a ll 2 2 5 * 1 6 6 6 

A L L S T A T E R E A L T O R S 
433 3295 or 82* 6617 nit** 

BEFOrF y OU SELL 
L e t us m a k e a C A S H o tte r to r your hom e or equity CaH now! 
Th* 
Hom e 
M art ess 1281 

C A S H for H O M E S 
We Buy K O M I S and E Q U IT IE S 
H onasl. t it le lent and F a s t S*r v ice We pay atl C lo sin g C osts 
CaN Tony or B d rn K * , M I 6134 
S F E C l A, R E A L T O R S 
SS C A S H I 
FO R Y O U R H O M E OR R Q U IT V 
W E F A T A L L C LO S IN G CO STS 
916-4)31 

Cash tor your N orthside equity k l 

CUSTOM BUILT HOMES 

6 9 (7 7 1 o 

F i C la rk S p rin g s lan d m em bar shm. h i u<kelvin# T« M I M Con ta c t G e a r* * A le x a n d e r , J r , 
Anad arko Ok lo *6)>47S7>* 
G O V E R N M E N T O w n ed H a m a s 
Far S a d I, ) and 4 b e d iM m Na down M r mewl Any* ne c o t buy v a l a r N on V o ta ra n W h y ran t when you COT buy? 
M ED C A R F E T CSJ4664_________ 

 e t Ai. I l o u d W A N I A t 
IN INS K n a c k s N ew s 
C A C I I t * ( A A A 

W L L BUY YOUR HOME 
F a r cash F o s tS a rv ic a W ill trod* 
BO R D a F A O L O 
H t i f f l ________________ S 1 A L T 2 R 
W H Y F A V R E N T ! Own your awn hom o, na daw n p a ym e n t to on- yoM * Paym en ts tass than rant 

 aryousfsoptN 
_______ 

A L L B R T c I o b a d r M m I™ bath 
H O M E R U IL T ON Y O U R LO T 
114.956 I t l l G o rd in a ort W Av* 
5 F E C IA n U iL O B R S the 349 1691 
FO K R U N N O R T H E A S T 
3 ond 4 bedroom hom es 
643,64o I* 551.946 
V A E H A No city takes 
H A R R IN G T O N H O M E S 
344 i 634__________________ 654-6444 
Opan H ouse O l m o s F A R K " i v awner 4 ar ) bedroom*, plus dan. tort ceiling* fireplace, quarters 
7SOOS* F t IE I E M A N D A L A V 
O R IV E . 
Sunday 
I ta 
Sam 
U fc t tU _________________________ 
T ranstarred, Far Sofa Bv owner, 
7 m as a ld . C u s to m d e s ig n e d 
6-1-2, H ID D E N C R E E K Opan So fu rd o v l l. Sunday It ta 4, M id 
SAE S. 349-666? aw 6gm_________ 

W INO W O O D E S T A T E S C h al* * location ic* a cre s 249 2619 
249 6491 

BACHELORS DELIGHT 
2 bedroom townhouse B rick b b a, c u s to m d ra p e s . 
A s s u m paym ents under $17o or new loan a1 only S21,SOO •84 7788 
C E N T U R Y 21 Schneider R ealty 

B R O O K H O L L O W 
I 
T O W N H O U S E 
North of San Pedro O N E S T O R Y 
2 2-, iv y co u rtya rd entry I Irving with fireplace, b ar, built-m s, large j k itc h e n , g a rd e n d in in g ro o m . b rick patio* F o o l and cab a n n a 
541.988 O W N E R A G E 494 7364 d H U L I s bificY M ------ would be happy in this storybook setting et tall chim neys, bay win dows and b alco n y 7 7 2 in m in i village 
Flush garden, pool, I i 637,o88 
I 
M A C R E A L E S T A T E ITS 2571 
C O ( 6 M lf$ V lL L A ftfe d O T d o m ,n turn. J b e d ro o m s , 2 fu ll b a th s, I a p plian ces, shag carp e t E q u ity ond assum e 
6197 mo or 
> refinance 
9744525 
H A S K IN S R E A L T Y 
( ? 6 < 8 6 6 W tt iW 'J ? rr 
? A L 'E 
Owner is desperate, wants S2.Soo 
! equity tor I bedroom , J bath con d o m in iu m in T u rtle C re e k 
As sum s balan ce af $31,o88 ($1o,o88 
: equity sa crifice d for S2.Soo) 
34 1 4134 
A B D O 
342 o931 
L U K J ITy T 5 W Wn S W E -------- 
Goad NW location I bedroom s. 2 both*. I s to ry G o rg e o u s land* cop e d p o lio A r e a p o o l a c ro s s 
[I street 114.5o8 
R E A L T O R 
691 HOO 
C e n tu ry 21 
E L A IN E L U D W IG A ASSOC 
M g H r r f f Tg H T T T T J t T f i r H * i m a g * F a rm s O n ly S375 dow n, 
’ S272 mo 

' Guy Ctiipman Co 

•, 
*■ T x u r i g 'r a n 
;------------- a ttra c tiv e hom e rn q u iet n e ig h ­ borhood, 4 bedroom 2 bath, tome 
Iv room w ith bu ilt ins, m any ex­ tra s. Ideal tor fa m ily w ith c h il­ dren. to schools *48.5o8 714-1918 

H M H REALTY 

ALAMO HOTS’ 
Cute and c o iy - f I. id eal for eau pie Swap dream s tar a ctu al ow ­ nership buy your home now 

"JUST LISTED” 
S p a ciou s I b e d ro o m n e a r C am bridge School Assum e loan 

TERRELL HILLS" 
P r ic e r e d u c e d on th is I 2 7 sp a cio u s fa m ily ham * M o v e I m o re tim e to your own home 
Y our investigation is w elcom e 
C oil 822 3181 

H A W im i RfAlTORS 

ALAMO HGTS SCHOOLS 
F IR S T O F F E R IN G 
1174 sa ft of real p i l a f f Larg e en te rta in in g a re a w ith separate dining room , 3 bedroom s, study, 
: 2' a baths CaH tor betoil* today 
*44. SOO 
824 8484 
R E A L T O R S 
824 4481 
S U E W E E M S A ASSOC 

A L L liT O N E 
I T i ? c o r pe t c o u n tr y k it c h e n , c o r n e r lo t, landscaped S II,SOO C o li 
IN T E R S T A T E 828 o765 hi 8 pm 
J A J R E A L T Y 474 8681 A n ytim e 
(ATV i6 U T T 6 " T f I T 
I J ) w iffi 
M A I V T O H T 'A r i A' H l o m o i OUI 
Tow nhouse 3 -2 't, m a ste r suite d o w n 
I c a r g a ra g e 824-2619, 
Jones K in g R ealtors 

IM M E D IA T E C A SH 
Fo r Your Hom e We pay o il eta* mg costs I We als* take trode* 
CaH 
494 SSM 
41* 6474 
531-3252 
C en tu ry 21 
W A K E F IE L D R E A L T O R S 
615666665166666 

*1 NEED IO HOIlSfS* 
San A n to n io R o o t E s ta te p a y s cash tor yours in 72 hours I pay 
OM closing cost MC-4511 
54SE4M4S4SAASEI66 
Need To Sell Your Hom e N e w t 
For FA S T SEH V IC E - C a ll 
)4* 5544 H art M cC o rm ick Realtor 
NO DOW N P A Y M E N T 
A N Y O N E C A N B U Y ! G o v e rn men I acquired properties 3-4 be 
P ro e m , 2 b o th h o m e* in g o od areas Call I odor tor details 
R E A L T O R 
EEI* I IOO 
C entury 21 tMwoftiniianf'twi 
E L A IN E L U P W tg A A k > D ^ _ 

NU DOWN PAYMENT 
Anyone can q u a lit y Vet* don I las* your e lig ib ility 3 4 b e d r o o m s , 
I b e th s som e w ith c ir ana ap oil onces 
Paym en ts toss than rent. b O b D o F A O L O 
M S 3«9i 
R I A L TOR 

" A R O F E m ! . O W N * lr - 
We only C h a rg e SM* com m ission tar sc i ti n a bem e* re g a rd le s s et p rice C H A R L E S W A T T S R E A L 
E S T A T E 
7)1 19 IE, 
7)1 S IS ), 
226 9lbs O P E N )4 H ours a D ay. I 
I O w r RtggR 
___ 
R E N T A L M A N A G E M E N T 
H ey* our »»qty ss ion* I SWN ben die yea re d ia l prepevty Can tar details today 
SM EEI* 
Nit** 494 ICE* 
• C entury 21 
WA K I F t l L D R E A L J OR S 

NO C A R E LIVING 
I bedroom I bath lower le v* 
C o n d im m u m 
N e o r U S A A one 
M e d ica l C onter W asher, P ryo r re frig e rato r and drop#* stay As sum o or refinance 124 8oo 

Fortuna Assoc 
4 9 * -IE I 2 

O f t W A L T I W I B I bedroom s r o i pets, a ir $28o down 
*94 7428 Slater R ealty 
14449)4 

PRIVACY 
LOCATION 
H a v e you been lo o k in g tar th* total deal This it one of th* best in : town Two bedroom s, 7 baths with fireplace, ready ta m ove in w ith d ra p e s and re frig e ra to r in la y the tun et th* sw im m ing poet this sum m er Clos* Ie Leap 418 in the 
M arym en t A rea O nly $44.5*8 tor 
Tops rn •n vio rn m en l and p riva cy . 
149 4)4) or 349 )))5 A n ytim e 

Deanie Owens Co 
R E A L T O R S b la n c* R d O ft 

 vaulted catlings, tire p la ce d den, carp el *41,588 C a ll today 
IN T E R S T A T E 8284755 til I pm 

A ttractive home. sn E l Derodo, 4 bedroom s. 2 both*, liv in g room and dining L. large fam ily room , with hrepiur*. breakfast oroa and la rg e k itc h e n 
17)9 Sa F t. to r 
*4) 38o 7% VA, 456 1244 

 i T i i - T - in r v r a Tj r g w H r i wants artar 3 bedroom s air, cor i pets $164 mo No qualifying 
*94 742o stater RPotty 
M» 9376 

Bargain Hunters Special 
Ne down paym ent to orfyoM 3 4 bedroom s. 7 baths, som e with air and a ll appliance* F irs t paym ent in M ay 
RO R D e P A O lO 
344 3o91 
R E A L T O R 
B A R G A I N 
Larg a SI-2, E quity, assum * SIS* a mo 
65M S5S 
3)11122 

BEAUTIFULLY CU A N 
. 
3 story lust North et F t Sam HOO sa ft Hvmg area with fireplace, central a ir and heat I bedroom s. 
I11 baths, far m at dinin g and de 
'a c h e d g a ra g e w ith e ffic ie n c y a p a rtm e n t 6)5 868, by a p p o in t m en! only 

 e xtras 
V A 
7% loan, 
*47.5oo 
451-6758. r r g w K T B T T r f f t I C T T T T T T la rg e liv in g o rea. fire p la ce , din mg, large kitchen, b reakfast orea, carpeted, fenced SS7oo equity ond 
6277 mo Atter 5 pm . 451 SOS) 

BY OWNER CAMELOT T i 
3-2 2, fire p la c e , cou n try kitch en , covered patio, carpeted, fenced, la rg e ya rd , a ll appl. 144o sq ft., schools clo se, clo sin g costs od. 
*34,9oo *53 5312 
_______ 
B Y OW NE R. i i i . central mr and heat, d ish w a sh e r, d isp o sal, c u r ­ tain* and rod*, stove, b rick on co rn e r lot S2Soo eq u ity ond a* sum e No Agents 3)7-44)1. 
B Y OWNE'fe" 4 J I,' C u r D eT n T 
C e n t r a l a ir , c a r p e t , t e rm s 
141-9)82 or 824 IQM. 
| 
B v o w n e r, J - l i , 63,686 e q u ity , 
*284 m o V alle y Forge *5* 737* 
Bv owner, 4-J-2, F ire p la c e , den,I a ttic ton, a ir ond heat, e le ctric! g a ra g e door, c a th e d ra l c e ilin g new paint, dishw asher, 635,9o8 
1*554951. 
M i 
B V o w fjfe b ' g re e n fie ld 'vHfcg or 5, 2 2 77oo sq ft. 11 a cre let,I lu x u ry fe a tu re s P re listin g b o r gam Below m arket 458-394) 

BY OWNER 
Im m a c u la te 3 2 2, fir e p la c e in large livin g area. p riv a c y fence, best quality e le ctric kitch en A s sum e low equity and only 7 'j% interest N E ID C all tor appt No 
Agents 451 3555. 
B 7 '6 W N E ''f i r T l 7. ln' ? onv'i~ c«~ 
M u s t s e ll th is m o n th 
A s k in g 
SC,36o equity, ossum e I 'iS D H A 
Loon, 6772 per m onth M ake on otter 659 1oo1 
B y ”o W N fcfi In K irb y I T T 7 o T pated o il drapes, new go* range, la rg e cove re d patio, la rg e bear mg pecan trM S . 641-2535 att lpm.! whdys, oil day w knds 
By owner, In V alen cia. 4-2-7, cent a ir heat, b e au tifu lly la n d sca p e d ' cov patio, carpet. 651,9*o. 1)o15 E l 
Sendero 454 3998 
| 
Bv owner" K l- by. corn e r lo C ex cellen), 574,6oo 441 6842 
By owner L iv e Oak. 624 (X)4 4 J T 
C arpel, fence, patio cover, centro) a ir heat, ronqe. dishw asher, dis posal *55-6*74 
Ay owner L iv e Ook. 4 i 4 7 story 
*34,88o 
7*4 V A loan 
1779 mo 
■ 664 29o3 
Bv ow iw r, 4 J 3. livin g and dmm q d re g s , c a r p e t , p a tio c o v e r , I fenced, N E ISO *55 2527 
BZ "O W H L R ” 11 v '* (S o iil'T T T tT rg r lo t, p lu s IO e a s e m e n t 
Q u ie t street, assum e. *194 p ovm ts or refinance SI* SOO O w ner w ill os 
S lit with re fin an cin g 456-427) 
By owner. L iv e Oat,, 44-$, livin g, dining ond fam ily room s Covered p a tio , p r iv a c y fe n c e 
A s s u m e 
6227 mo or refinance 
6)6,586 
65 ) 5827 
8 Y 'o 'y fN I R ' I IV e 6ak~ v’ iTuuT 
I 3 2. c o v e r e d p a tio , p r iv a c y tenet, cent heat a ir. 653 5967 
By owner liv e Ook, 3 3 7, e xlro la rg e roo m s, stone fire p la c e in liv in g room , c a th e d ra l c e ilin g s, drapes, c a rp e l, w orkshop, beau 
••tut view of R A F B 7 m i a w a y. very good condition *4*oo equity i 
SIM mo 456-4718 
_________ 
B Y O wner 3 1 , I. near Rondoiph 
A F B F u lly carpeted, air. fence. trees *35,888 458 o14* 
By Aw ner N E 3 3 I iingroom den with fireplace L arg e gam e room w ith poet table New ca rp e tin g 
M a Ik to school Convenient to Ft 
Sam o n d R o n d o ip h 
A v a ila b le 
June I *39,4oo equity ond aseum e 
455 88S7 
| 
B y o w n e r no o g e n ts, J I i , in 
C am elot W alk to I schools and 
W indsor Fk Mot) Lore# corn er le t 
2 C o v e r e d p a tio s , a b o v e aro u n d pool L a rg e fenced ea r den W a le r softner, m ony ether e xtra s M u st see to a p p re c ia te 
Shown by appointm ent only C oli 
465 77o5 

B Y O W N E R O R ' A e r T m - E ^ K i R d 
3-1* i-t. centra) a ir and heat, car- ] p e t, ste w * , c o f t . d r a p e r ie s , I p riva cy fence 624 5oo No agents 
1146 n e t Of 4SC 198) otter 5pm 

BY OWNERS 
F R E E M eterral* Ie other hom es 
“ For Sole B y O w ner ' M I #19) 
Sen Antonio H om eow ners Assoc 

 paneled fa m ily room w ith b rick fireplace 4 bedroom s plus study. 
2' i baths W orkshop! 
W9.9oo 
R E A L T O R S 
*51-7141 

S2o CLOSING COST 
M o v e in I B e d ro o m s, 1' ib a th s 
6157 p lu s ta x e s and in s u ra n c e 
1364521, 476o744 
C A L A M E * f if t h t H S U M h l t 
2 story co(onial(24o8 sq ft.), den, la rg e g a m e ro o m , 661,8o8 1o6o7 
P inedale *94 7)43. 
C O N T E M P O R A R Y o B S I 6 N b y ’ 
Roger Rousbach. set in an out*, b eau tiful sector et O lm os P a rk . I this hem* has a rtfu lly controlled s p a c e s to r liv in g , d in in g a n d fa m ily a ctiv itie s. 4 bed ro o m s, 2 b a th s p lu s q u a rte rs w ith b a th ., 
Luscious patio I 
6146,ooo 
R E A L T O R S 
8269*31 

IOO aa 
# 6 1 ---------------- a 
- 

5 7 1 _____ 
, lot. ! 
J t -------------1 ------------------------- 1 
]Convenient lo W indsor P o rk M ali 
No down p a ym e n t to anyone. 3 bedroom *. 2 b a th s, e a rd o n k it ­ ch e n , c e n t r a l h e a t - a ir , lo r e * fe n c e d y a rd , 
$24,77$ to ta l. 
Paym ents less than rent 
BO B D a F A O L O 
3443o91 
R E A L T O R 
C O N V E N IE N T W IN D S O R M A L L 
3 2-2, applian ces *1oo down 
496 743* Slater R e a lly 
344-69M 

COUNTRY ATMOSPHERE 
T h ii 3-2-2, en an ook covered lot is 
A S U P E R B U Y A ll b ric k , fu lly carpeted, co v e re d patio T h is is another one w h ere We can say, 
“ It you wolf until the week a n d to call, it w ill p robebalv be said.” 
M9-5I11 or 349-ISIS A n ytim e 

Deanie Owens Cu 
R E A L T O R S N C o n t r o l O U 

COUNTRYSIDE 
A beautiful, b righ t 4 bedroom . I ' i both. or I bedroom * and study 
27x17 ft great ream w ith a corner fire place and wet b ar. lo re * tor m al dining, custom drop**, end a quiet cut# * sac location *74.564 
M I 4177 nit OS, SM 617) 
B IL L S O U T H E R N R E A L T O R 
C O U R T Y A R D H O M E ho* c o m e drat ceilings rn Hying and fom itv ared*, m a s te r b e d ro o m t I be broom*. 2 bath* N ative trees! 
617,46* 
R E A L T O R S 
65E 7847 
Guy Chipman Co 

C U S T O M B U IL T 6 1 ' t i, I story ca rp e t 6 te r r a io , h o P b v shop 
*43,9oo See now 
IN T E R S T A T E *368755 til * pm 

DON'T BRING MONEY in n * your paint pru sn No down p a y m e n t Ie a n y o n e l l B e ­ droom *. 2 beth s, som e w ith a ir and a p p lia n ce * P a y m e n ts le ss than rent 
B O B D E P A O LO 
344J89J_________ 
R f A L T P R 
E A S T SID E L O C A T IO N 
N e dow n p a y m e n t, c o m p le te ly 
I re m o d e le d 3 b e d ro o m h e m * l ooei* G roat 
M IS H * 
A B D O 
494 1329 
I L O O R A D O 
M odel hem*. 33 I. u r g e kitchen, in c lu d e s r e f r ig e r a t o r f e r r e t * entry, w ater softener and m uch m o rt Lan d scap ed to perfection 
Don t m iss rtf *66 IIM 

BED CARPET 

E rn honied Fo rest Spec* lo Spar# 
New to m arket, loge sa ft af livin g a re a , lo v e ly 4 3 1 s p lit-le v e l en 
: corn e r let N ew cu stom drape*. yard shaded buy oak trees W o n t last long 
I C en tu ry 21 
W H IT E H E A D H O L L ID A Y 
461 lii'X) 
R E A L T O R S 
M I 7IIS 
E V E R Y T H iN Q N ICE 
1 2 1 paneled den bey w indow 
Or eokto*! to lo v e ly y o re . fr u it trees, p riva cy fence w ork thee 
M AC R E A L E S T A T E SIS ISH 

BUILDER MUST SEU 
In N ew B ra u n fe ls , N e w B r ic k 
I t i l, 3868 Sa f i , f ir e p la c e . 
64).FPO T erm s M I $686 
RARE GEM 
I bedroom. I baths, ) story town bout* 2 Hying areas, only I m in t it * tre m M e d C e n te r 
O n ly 
IM 688 Den t h esitate’ 

•Central Colorado* 
UWDMARII. REALTORS i 4 f i 5 p lu s d e r* t r a c t of 
__________ 69E9SBI__________ 
W o o d e d 
I p lu s a c r e t r a c t at te rm e r Sou th P a r k R a n c h 
55 m iles West el Colorado Springs ort 
Stat* Hwy 34. Slate land borders on* yid* of tract Pike* Peak N a 
Bena) Feres) su rrou n d s R an ch en three sides S p ectacu lar view el 
R o c k y M o u n ta in B a n e * . C a ll 
724 9 Jf I tor Inter m otion 

S E N E C A E S T A T E S 

3 bedroom . IM bath tu to r v 3 sto ry T ew nhouso, 9 c a r Im i*h# e g o re * * 
6*6,186 
*64 67)1, 664 BSI t, MC *397 

E o f dx.I’ 4 to s h , so il t(tux* g u lf c lu b s , . 
•sow ! 
225-1666 

STRIKING STUCCO 
11 Kb till mil# t lit 
A ib# M 
I • <$M im tin 
J# ft omilgj apiIN 4i'« 

>A N O D O N N I 

S k i Antonio R u t (sta ll 

3231 R o il Ant 

349 W I 
I bedrMom, M IR , g a ra g e 
U X I ) den. U K I* covered pall*, con trol heel a ir, steve, re frig e rato r dish w ash e r, d isp o sa l, w ith c a rp e ls drap es. ior« « te n te d y a rd w ith 
I6K7 ste re o * shed en co n cre te slob 6*186 end a ssu m * I S V A loon Ilk * paym ent or refinance at 134 SEE W a lk in g d istu n e * I* e le m e n ta ry sc h o o l C o n v e n ie n t 
F t Sam R andolph * )) 177* 

5 B E D R O O M H O M S 
Located th N orthern Nuts 2 hyin g atees, I d in in g ar gas open bal cony Ie term ly ream k p itib d tm 
*i range m en I 
F t ice ss# veg 
(346171 

RED CARPE! 
I i A l To h s 

O p t n M o n d a y t h r u F r id a y 8 A M to 5 : 3 o P . M . 
DEADLINES: 
M onday thru Thursday 

A OO P AA, (or Following D or 

Friday I 3o (or Saturday 
Friday 5 F AA (or Sunday 
Friday 5 3o P M Fot M onday 

CLOSED SA TU R D A Y A N D SU N D A Y 

o43o775o 

 jS eco n d P t»9e 
E x p r e s s - N e w s — 
F r i d a y / M a r c h 1 1 , 1 9 7 7 

SH I MBES-KMTHEAS i 
21o HOUSES NORTHEAST 
121o HOUSES NORTHEAST 
21o HOUSES NORTHEAST 

(KIOW VA APPRAISAL 
.Ivy Hw tetter rhon new 3 
' bedmate, 2 bath beme for less fa n W opuroiied verve 2 living 
•real pins breek fest cree Lots of ret pet Open terms 

ASSUME OR REFINANCE 
3 bedroom, 2 beth 
Witt! family, kitchen ond ail es. Open Terms 
SHIERS ANXIOUS 
Mighrtui 3 bedroom, 2V5 hath townie me 
Priced to sell. 
SM.en 

MR MT AHS ANO VfftelNG 
CAU 653-oS7o ANTONI 
WORLD WIDE 
REALTY 

CAMELOT ll 

JOST LISTED - WILED RIGHT 4 bedroom, 2 bath on large corner lot 2 bvmg orees, fireploce in fentdy room. buift-im in kitchen 
Only SAI.OOO Kites 655 2394 
EASY LIVING 

 hr this 2 bedroom, 2 both deluxe condominium All custom drapes and carpeting Nosher cmd dryer. 
$31,5oo Kites 654-258o 
NAYLOR REALTY 
GALLERY OF HOMES 
656-SS2B ART-1121 341-9191 

EXECUTIVE HOMES 
ALAMO HGTS. SCHOOLS 

TERREII 
WILS - HRS! OF­ 
FERING. Overlooking golf course. 
This stately 2-story bock built by 
Hogy bos J or 4 bdrm*. VA beths, living room with EP opens to sit ting room formal dining and morning rooms, gtrs. Central heat-oir, sprinkler system. 
TERREII 
MUS - RRST 
OT­ 
TERING. Ftegont 2-story brick for distinguished living Enhanced by high ceilings, handsome millwork 4-3, (rtrs, 3-cor garage living room with fireplace, formal separoa dining, landscaped yord. 
TERRILL WILS — Sophisticated living in this 3-2 in choice 
Canion. living room with EP, separate dining. Family room opens to garden rm. and brick terrace 2ox2o master suite. 
TERREII WILS - Old World chorm in this stone home com­ pletely renovated 2 years ago for luxury living. 4-4 A plus qtrs 
Master suile up with dual dress ing rim 
CONTEMPORARY MASTERPIECE 
— Unique stucco with GUEST 
HOUSE Enjoy complete privacy on an acre setting 4-31/?. Master suite opens to sundeck Courtyard with htd pool 
. 

JONES-KiNG 
826-2439 

WINDCREST 
Buyer Protection Plan 
$55,54o purchases o 7Vj-yeorold home if you hurry 18oo sg. ft. Mint condition Sprinkler system Water softener ond 2 garage openers. This one should move fast! Chick Ashby 
655-o/o7, 655 8828. 

$74,5oo. Designed for prestige living! 4 very large bedrooms En tertainment-sued living room with fireplace lots of easy-core Saltillo tile Immaculate home in a well­ established neighborhood. 
Tim 
Ashby 655-o7o7, 824-2128 

SOT,9oo for a 4 bedroom, VA both brick home on cul-de-sac. Split bedroom arrangement with 
2 master suites One large hying area and separate dining room. 27oo sg. ft. with mony extras 
George 
LeGrand 655-o7o7,653 o865 

™ **visH 8 V > 

Exceptionally clean, by owner, vatencio, 3 1-1 Cu-de-»oc, fully cameted, custom drapes 
______________________ 

FASCINATING 
To wotcti nils SUPERBLY BUILT 
NOME comma alive (under con­ strue teen) You are invited to 
o1o7 C O U N T R Y S ID E 
O ff Nacoadochet to Country 
Lana 1-4 or $ bedrooms, «’ j baths Ever sa much, much more. 
8275,o*o 
OPEN 1-5 DAILY 
•A BILL ALTERMAN CLASSIC lf you are in the market to build ara would be dehorned to discuss 
Ibis with you 
FRANCES LEVENSON t 25-1398 
ANYTIME 
732 4951 

FIRST OFFERING 
CAMELOT It. BELOW MARKET 
E R IC E 
4 bedroom . I baths, separate living ream and family roam. I cor aaroaa, privacy trite* Assume 7*. VA Loan. 
R e e s e H e n r y 

Thinking of Spring .. 
. . . and swimming? And wont ta enjoy tho EASY Off? . . . Than 
SOO (bis luxury garden homo! 
Exceptionally appointed pro­ perty. Small yam far f a lazy living and a beautiful swim pool far axer CIM and en­ tertainment. 
$65,ooo 
EASY 
ASSUMPTION) <28-6343, eves 
655-264o 

C 
B 

C O R N E L IU S 

8 ASSOCIATESI 

WINDCREST 
Spacious and gracious, 4 bedroom, 2 bath, all car­ pet. 
Fireplace and many extras. $71 .OOO. 
Assume 7 3/t% at $271 per month. 
6 5 3 - 4 3 5 o 
DFANIE 
OWENS CO. 
REALTOR—MIS 
Woburn Rd. Ole. 

R e a lt o r 
Niles 

GLAMOUR IN THI GUN 
Unusual. 
MIRT condition, 
3 bedrooms, 2 baths home with bright, cheerful kitchen, large dining orea, ond paneled living room Offered EHA. VA or low assumption 
$19,1oo. Kites call 
Arnold at 342 8948 
NAYLOR REALTY 
GALLERY OF HOMES 
691-1121 656-5S2o 341-9191 

Near Northstar Mall By owner. 
1 J-2 I, stove, dishwasher. 341-5o83. 
NEAR NORTH STAR 
Den with fireplace ond book­ shelves. 3 bedrooms, I bath home with large yard ond trees. Central heat. Lee district. 828-5*71. 
S trauder Nelson R ealty 
NEW LISTING 
I 3-2-1, built-in kitchen, separate llvinq and family rooms, 34x15 
I covered patio, intercom. Assume 
! 7% VA loan with $192 payments. 
C e n t u r y 2 1 
653-8137 Bill Parkins Rlty*54-4711 

NEW LISTING 
Before you buy, see all the extras in this beautiful 3-2-2 home that has an extra large covered patio plus a privacy fence. Assume or refinance. $41,4oo. Niles, *55-395o 
*54-3441 
DON JOHNSON. REALTORS 
KEY GROUP 

653 8592 
HURRY 

RRST OFFERING 
Bf ALK TO POOL and tennis courts tram this 4 bedroom home irs custom built and all the rooms 
•re spacious Family room with 
Rroateco Corner lot. Priced in df's. 
3oo-2535 or 349-5111, anytime bailie Owens Co 
■EALTORS-LocfchUt Seimo Ole 

RRST OFFERING 
URTY GIVERS DREAM 
Footprint large tome room with toft, god wot bar, but is o delight bd tomily boma boasting of 3 be­ drooms. I baths and den with 
See it now! 

124-4391 A nytim e bailie Owens Co 
Boottors-NE Loop ole 

FIRST REFIRING 
B eoetitully m aintained T M I borne Over 41oo sp ft of luxury hying rn bits 5 bedroom. 4 bath wtth formal living, dining, huge 
Mon. study and Quarters Located on a private oak studded lot. 
•2o-4 tv I, 814-1924 
CUNT LEAKE 
FOR FAST title service with no annacessary delay let ALAMO 
TITLE 
CO. handle the 
Deal 
" L S B I______________ 
FOR SALE BY OW NER. I be ' 
Broom. 2 bath, double garage, breotoce 4 yrs. eld 4351 Baviiss, 
o45-7929 N I Schools__________ 

GAME ROOM 
Owner bos converted sinai# cor 
•o rc a * into a daitabttol game roam with rad carpet and air conditioning- giving Ibis 3 be­ droom. I both borne antra space. 
Nice yard with shade trees, anis 52o2 
658-3535 A nytim e 

The first $17,5o4 aes! this lovely J bedroom home on N New Braun­ fels near Ft. Sam It'll go VA, FHA or Conventional loon. For view­ ing, call 342-4115 ANYTIME 
WORLD RUDE REALTY 
I GIVE UP! 
What s it going to take to get an otter on this excellent 3 bedroom hornet Reasonably priced at 
$24,ooo 
Evenings call 
Silvino 
454-2543 
C e n t u r y 2 1 

3-21 >-2, in Camelot, wet bar, fire­ place. corner lot 2-story 545.58o 
Jim Ashley Real Estate *84-4274 
3-1-2. In Converse. 54.ooo Equity and assume payments 5227 Must ; Payment May see to appreciate 458-84o4 otter 12 noon, No agents please________ 

NEW LISTING 
IN REGENCY AREA 
Lovely home ond landscaped yard with all the amenities. Fire place In den, formal living and dining plus a cozy breakfast room 
’ qreat assumption. 344-8348 
G r a c e A r n o l d 
REALTORS MLS_______ 

 rn* IN DELLCREST ••• 
All brick Nothing down to an yone! 4 bedrooms, I bath, 2 cor garage, central oir-heat $34,5oo 
913 19o4 
ARCINIEGA REALTY 

’ IN TERRELL HILLS 
Built tor casual living ond family tun, 4 bedrooms and 3 baths, fire­ place, 2 central heat-air units, large pool, priv a c y te n e t. 
824-4521, nites 342-4849 
Turner Realty 

JB T LISTED 

NEW MADISON HIGH SCHOOL 
This perfectly maintained I story is lust ott Nacogdoches on quiet cul de sac, and is ready to go tor 
VA buyer. It is com pletely modern and has carpet through­ out, dishwasher, central heot-air, and privacy fenced Quick move- 
Utt Call 822-58o8 
ED GILBERT REALTORS 
NO DOWN TO ANYONE 3 4 be drooms, air, appliances. First 

222-94I4TERRA REALTY24 HRS. 
NO DOWN TO ANYONE 4-2-1. large dining area, huge brick 
BBD, privacy fenced 124o mo 
ROSSI REALTY________ 494 7781 

PRE-OWNED HOMES 
M ICKO TO H U 
3 bedrooms, new on market KE 
Schools. Immaculate 
Priced to sell. $22,9oo Kites 826 7768 
K IM WANTED 
Lovely 3-2-1 in Sungote, Kew wall paper ond carpet, fully equipped kitchen, fenced yord. 
Many owner added extras. 
$27,2oo. Kites 494 2191 
M H H AS B M I MO 
3-2-2 with bonus room (or game room or formal dining, fireplace ond redwood covered patio 
$41,ooo Kites 824-9818 
G IM fresh as spring. 3-2 with finished gome room. drEM living concept. 
Master bedroom, 18x1o, 1oo% b ick unbelievable! $27,9oo. 
Nites 658 1428 
U>W EQUITY 
Owner transferred, quick possession, cheerful kitchen 6 months old. $31,5oo Nites 824- 
9818 
SNOW AMO T IU 
You ll find ii hoed to resist this 
(aliforion with custom drapes freshly pointed inside and out. 4- 
2-2, in excellent condition. 
$42,25o Kites 658 1428 
MOVE IN 
3-2-2, with oversized family room, fireplace 
Good equity. 
QUICK possession $38,5oo Nites 
826-7668 
W O N T LAST LONO 
Gigantic bock yord, trees. 3-2-2 has hod much 
ELC. 
Deluxe carpeting, extra galore. Assume 
6% VA ban. Quick occupancy 
$29,5oo Kites 658 1428 
QUI IT LOCATION 
Reduced for quick sell. Almost new, immaculate, privacy fence, nice landscaping Oak trees ond other extras moke this 3-2-2 a good buy Move in. $38,75o Nites 
656 8218 
■EADY POM TOU 
UNDER $45oo equity moves you into this SUPER CLEAN 3 2-2 with 
SPACE 
GALORE, huge master bedroom, custom drapes, corner lot Kites 656 8218 
SOLITUDE 
Newly painted on a quiet cut de- soc 4-2-2 has split bedroom plan, double gate to backyard txtn nice $27,ooo Kites 494 2191. 
CHAMM ©ALO* I 
3-2-2, Volley forge home low equity, nicely arranged, quick possession $31,5oo. Kites 
9438 
UVE OAK 
Assume 7% loon on this 3-1-1, fully equipped kitchen 
Extra clean $19,7oo Kites 494 2191 
COMMO! LOT 
Immaculate 4-2-2 with fenced 
5 
Ord and fireplace in popular alley forge $41,9oo Kites 824 
9818 

21o - HOUSES NtHITHEAST 
212 HOMES-KORTHWEST 

TERRELL HILLS - A.H.SchOOl* 
On a beautiful, sprtnklered corner lot with circular drive, Arizona ledgestone. I story with thick shake roof, 4 or 5 bedroom* plus 
Quarters. This is what everybody wants Please cot! us tor details. 
824-3233, 
822-5973, 
822-91o3, 
824-oo49 
Made Sate HRL Realtors 

TERRELL HILLS 
All brick home in choice location. 
3 bedrooms, 2 baths, formal and informal dining areas, large den and 28' covered patio, central heat and air. Mid 5o's. 
824-o4o4 
REALTORS 
822-9327 
SUE WEEMS & ASSOC 
KEY GROUP 
TERRELL HILLS, By owner, 3-1, living room with fireplace, dining room, large family room with 
D'Hanis tile floor, Cent, heat and window units, large lot with many trees. $39,5oo. 824-4197 No Agents 
Please,____________ ___________ 

TERRELL HILLS” 
Price reduced on this large « be­ droom, 2 both home, newly paint­ ed inside and out. Updated kit­ chen, quick possession. Call tor details 822-33o1 
HARTMAN REALTORS 
THE EASTER BUNNY AND YOU will love this 3 bedroom. 2 bath, single garage home. Drastically reduced tor quick sale, so quick like a bunny, call 828-819$ 
RED CARPET 

H ARM O N Y HILLS 

 down to Vets for this 3 

Bedroom, 2 bath home; dou­ 

 ble cor garage, fenced and 

 carpeted, for only $4o,85o. 

BOB MCGINNIS i 
REALTORS 
^ 3 4 9 -6 2 1 1 

“ “ “ " w e H AVE ITI 
• New Orick Hemes en Acr­ eage 
• kreeHooking Views 
• Weeded Sites fee kmVAer 
• 4 Choice North Communities 
(Including New Braunfels) e Lew Taxes Make easy Pur­ chase Terms a 17oo Sa. ft. living - 2 Cur 
OorogeSJy ,9oo e 2*8o Sa. ft. Living - 2 Car 
•o*49,TSO. 

THE GLEN- $55o is all the cash needed 2 large bedrooms, I ' i baths, double garage, range, dishwasher, refrigerator, g a r­ bage disposal. S275 mo. Total price $3o,2oo CHARLES WATTS 
REAL ESTATE 732 291o, 732-53SS. 

3-2-2, txecuhv* model home 
Immediate possession $38,6oo. 
Kites 814-9811 
CAPTIVATING 
3-2-2, fully (orpeted, garden kit­ chen, covered patio, SUNKEN con­ version area, fireploce, pre fessionolfy landscaped 
Im­ mediate occupancy 
$29,5oo 
Niles 658-1428 
D A Y OR N IG H T 
6 5 5 * 6 8 4 8 
11 M JF t(M R h o u t l i m 
1**! r e a l t i j 

H U T T O 

"NORTHEAST" 
Charming home, 3-2, with large family and living combo Vaulted ceilings, only 3 years old Priced 
MacArthur Schools in 3o't. Call us tor detail* 
"MAC ARTHUR SCHOOLS" 
I You will be delighted with this 
I home in Windsor Square. Consul­ 

 tor GORGEOUS PAD. Features 4 bedrooms, 2 baths, formal rooms, plus family room with fireplace, built-in microwave, carpeting and drapes, covered patio, and priced at only $49 9oo Nites 455-7492 
C e n t u r y 21 
MONEYSAVERS REALTY 
454-242o ANYTIME 
Red Horse Manor, Universal City, 
547,54o 3-2-2. large lot with many trees, immaculate. Open house 

HflMESMOKTKMST 

SPECIAL REDUCED 
PRICE $44,2oo 
VS ACRES 
EXTRA URGE WOODED LOT 

3 bedroom, 2 bolti home I in presti-gioos Oak Creek. 
Featuring woodburning! fireploce, alt electric kit | chan, woll-to-woll car­ peting, electric garage’ door opener and all bricky construction. 
ONLY $ 4 8 ,5 o o 
C all m e to d a y 
Jim Passel! 
6 8 4 - 3 1 1 2 

 rn HOMES NORTHWEST 
212 HOMES NORTHWEST 

Oar 

THEY DON’T BUILD 
UKF THIS ANYMORE! 
The day is long when you see houses with this solid construction and multiple features value. All brick, cedar shake root, and pretty yard. Convenient to schools, churches and shopping. 

344-62o7, 684-433o A nytim e 
Beanie Owens Co 
REALTORS-N. West Ofc 

• THIS IS SELECT • with heated pool In privacy grounds. Largo brick ram bler, quality built. 3 bedrooms, 2 baths, plus quarters, bath. Family room 
(FP, terrazo floored), and garden room. Living and dining roams. 
Many built-in*. $1o8,ooo. In North­ wood Estates. 82*2347 
Thelma B. Pressman 
THIS LOVELY new listing has so much more than meets the eye. 4 bedrooms, 2 baths, formal dining, study has built-in desk, large game room, garage has electric opener Over 24So sq ft. 55o.5oo 
RED CARPET 
342-3111 
REALTORS 
492-2742 

 arage V 
Search The Heme Market Over 
THIN Call USI 
, 
Swinney Co. 
4 9 2 * 1 6 7 2 
6 5 8 - o 2 9 o 
6 7 3 -1 4 o 1 

A HONEY FOR THE 
MONEY 
Would you believe that you ton own a 2 story, 3 bedroom, JA bath home wim all appliances, carpeting, balcony and covered patio for only 
$239 month ond equity of only 
$475o? (oil to see TODAY! 

BOB MCGINNIS 
REALTORS y 349-TT21 

ROLLING RIDGE 
REST OFFERING 
Preferred schools + community pool -f Medical Center area * o cinch to please foe this 3 bedroom home in the upper 3o s. 
Kingsize • Peer price Must see 
1982 sq ft to appreciate op proisol in Glen Ooks of $39,ooo 
699-1ooo 
DEANE 
OWEN5 CO. 
WALTO**— AALS 
Turtle Creak Oft. 

HOME + INCOME 
2 story duplex appt oximatefy 14oo sq. ft., I bedroom, I both in each; popular orea. No down to 
Vets. $17,ooo. Coll TODAY to see! 

BOB MCGINNIS 
REALTORS 
# 349-6211 

BELLVIEW BEAUTY 

3 large bedrooms. 2 baths, lovely family room, new roof, in excellent condition. 
Assume note or refinance 
VA or FHA. 

BOB MCGINNIS 
REALTORS 
349-1121 

★ FOR YOUR MOVE ★ 
OPEN SAT.-SUN. 2 -6 

THUNDERBIRD ESTATES - 6oo6 WHITE CLOUD Hew furnished model by H P. Orts Construction Co. Showing excellent value at moderate price $34,3oo. functional How pion fw maximum family useaae. 8% 
Interest 1oo% YA w FHA financing Superb sub-division located inside loop 41o off CoHoghon Rd. between Bandera ond Ingram Road. Calf 
684-1386 fw further detoils. 
I. TERREII HULS HGTS. - Hew townhouse. 6542 Fairdale. Hera’s on exerting living concept. 3-2'/t-2 with fondly room. Postage stamp size yard for the easy life. On bus line KO CONDO FEE! 535,175 1oo% 
YA or FHA. Toke Rrttimon Rd. inside Loot 41o, First street to the right. 
828-6343 fw petkulars w contact your REALTOR. 
LARKSPUR — Several new and preowned homes being shown this weekend. Excellent sub division featuring dub facilities, choice HE 
Schools, ond superb location new IH 35 ond Loop 41o. Price range from low 4o's to mid 5o s. Excellent financing available. $1 move in 
YA! 2 good assumptions also will be shown. Come to LARKSPUR AIEA 
SALES OFFICE on o Connor Rood 828-6343 fw additional particulars w directions. 
CORNELIUS 

& ASSOCIATES 
I 
Eves 6 5 3 - 9 5 9 6 o r 6 5 6 - o o o 7 

7 Acres on Mountain top 
4 bedroom, 2 both, fireploced family room pius living room. 15 min to Med Centter Horse OK 
TOO' 
— $69,o o o - 
Call VICKI LANE 
341-3154 
NITES 828 3491 
Walker J Barnebey REALTOR 

ALL BRICK 3 2 2 
Near Medical Complex - Wonder­ land. High on a hill, alt electric kitchen, paneled den, 2 tile baths, carpeted, draped, fenced yard and nice oaks, under 54o,ooo 
732-7987STEVE MARTIN735-o825 

By owner, 3-1-1. fully carpetea, cent alr-heat, extra nice, ideal for young couple or small fomily 
Near Lackland, Kelly St. Mary's 
University 518,ooo 434-4974 
By Owner, 4-4-1, in Thunderbird 
Hills, ossume equity or purchase 
$28,ooo Atter 5 call, 484<S18o or weekends._____________________ 
By Owner, 4 mo. 2-story, 3o24 sa ft., .82 acre 3 blk* UTSA campus, island kitchen, wet bar, 3 or 4 bedrooms, has sunken dinina and entrance. Upstairs partially fin­ ished with extro bath, fireplace. 
Energz saving home 495-8979 
BY OW NER, nice retirem en t home, 1ooft. lot, fenced, large trees double garage. 
522,5oo. 
434-7627. 
_________ __________ 
By owner, Rolling Rntoi-, Assume 
7% Loan. All brick 3-2-2, covered patio, large family room, Cul-De- 
Sac, app t only 6o4-4476. 
BY OWNER, Sunset H ill*, 3 1, converted garage to den, well kept, $27,ooo. 434-4456. att 4pm 
BY OW NER, TOW N V I EW ES 

IRISH OR NOT 
YOUR pot of gold is bere! 
List your borne with us, the 
OUT 
FRONT 
COMPANY. 
Out Front with Service. Out 
Front with 
Performance. 
Soon will put a 
"SOLD 
SIG N'' out front! 

.BOB MCGINNIS 
REALTORS 
^ 349-1121 

E V E R Y T H I N G ! 
3 Bedroom, 7 baths, 2 car garaqe, living room, family room with fireplace. Form al dining. Just 
$44,5oo . 341-2227 Anytime. 
C e n t u r y 21 
RAY TEAL, REALTORS 

 f 
SPECIAL 
1 
REDUCED PRICE 
*44,2oo 

Must tee this beautiful landscaped, 
I living urea, 4 bedrooms, 2 bath home ta believe located in prestigious OAK (SEEK on extra large wooded lot. 
This home features: wall to wall carpeting, 
Magic Chef of! electric kitchen, energy saving package, electric garage dow, handcrafted wood burning fireplace plus mony other extras. 
1615COPHRFIEID RD. 
ONLY $48,5oo 
C a ll mm to d a y 
Jim Passel! 
6 8 4 -3 1 1 2 

TA TES, 1-1-1, Cent fence, 
Assume 
7* 
684 1997. 
BY OWNER" 

 h eat-air, 
VA 
Loan 
ALL CASH YOU KFFB $25o 
Valley Hi, 3 bedrooms, 2 baths,. 
Xx sit A? 
BY OWNER Twin Creek 52ooo 
674 222o G B . GONZ ALE 5 828-5884 equ(ty, assume $314. Many tea- 
' lures. No agents please. *84-7o91 
BY OWNER University Oaks 
3-2* r-2 all brick, 2 story, walk to elem entary school 
Low 4o s. 
69o-92o9 Weekends or after 3 3o. 

FEEDING A LANDLORD? 
Don't let him eat up your paycheck. Own your own home, 
Jefferson area Only $24,5oo. 3 bedrooms, 2 baths, single garage 
Beryl Weigand 344 2341, 342-4456 
BOB JONES, REALTORS 

KEY GROUP 

DIFFfRENTI 

STRAIGHT FROM HOUSE BE­ 
AUTIFUL!, Ibis 3 bedroom, 2 bath home has been redone with em­ phasis on its best features. Gloss walled living area overlooks ter raced ond white-stone backyard 
Mony custom extras. $39,9oo. 
REALTORS 691-15oo 

C E N T U R Y 2 I 

ELAINE LUDWIG 8 ASSOC j 

 r 

TIRED OF PAYING RENT? 
This cozy 3 bedroom otters plenty of shade trees, paneled den and open terms Evenings call Curt 
533-7*77 
C e n t u r y 21 
DELANEY REALTY 453 OSSO 
TOWN HOU si-7o31 Glen Mist. 3 
Bedroom, 2 '» baths, appliances included, washer-dryer connec­ tions, fenced back yard, carport. 
Low equity 53ooo 
Assume payments et $185 mo Colt Steve 
Tucker, 224 o767, 6S4 o574 

C A S T L E H IL L S 
Location, plus trees, plus large yard, plus covered patio, plus FP, 

RED CARPET 
REALTORS c a s t l e h il l s 

This detiahtful 3 2’ i-2, has lust NORTHEAST SCHOOLS NO Cl been listed in prestigious Country 
” 
' 
Side San Pedro One Hying area. nicety landscaped yard, drapes, and in min! condition are but a lew features 
*71,ooo 
Niles, 
494 5829 
828-8241 
DON JOHNSON. REALTORS 
KEY GROUP 

 mg of J bedrooms, lovely Terrizze 
Sal and Sun !2-$pm Mor 12 and entry, price I* right Call 822-3Jo1 
I 13, 19 awd 2o 4>8 4933._________ 
Red Horse Manor, Universal City. 
547,5oo 3-2-2, large lot with many trees, immaculate. Open house 
Sat and Sun l2-$pm Mar 12 and 
13, 19 ond 2o 458-4933. 

HARTMAN REALTORS 

Owens Co 
REALTORS aonderah Qtc 
•KRO EN KITCHEN 3 bedroom, carpet, corner lo*, fenced $19,9oo 
■O W M A L T Y 
494 7781 

7??S GLENDORA 
> 8*1-1 raised $17,ooo. big yard 
o3o-o4*5 
71*17** 
734 4117; 
WAT VO* 4 SQM REALTORS 
• OOO A SS U M P TIO N ! 4 Be drooms, I Path*, fireplace NE 
School*, gear w indsor M a il. j 
Priced 
Ie 
Se* 
o3*ei}i 
A N Y T I M E 
ROSOW & KLINE 
• K EATOR4-SO VOETS af TRUST 
GREENHOW St GARDEN AREA 
ANO FR U IT TREES all aa aa arith this STA R TER HOME 
BEAUTY • 3 bedrooms ( I of em 
Carpe**# I, carpeted kvtng ream, ad control AH Wits ond more tar a few 822,91o VA FHA eh! o2o *141. ewes *53-989* 
I Lsacnies 

MME A IAPPY FAMILY 
J* X ll' pool and covered pone parted tor entertaining the whole 
•amrit This 5 bedroom 2 story beauty rn to. oh d em a cul-de sac tm 
•raafiE oaas 
Northwood f »tote* NC schools Bring the tomato stay e Ufo Oma; 
Eft Pp* 
REALTORS 
o24 35*1 
SUB WEEMS B ASSOC 
KEY GROUP 

KEIF! 
OO# need now listings tar our broad new clients Solas have 
•gear be aa sa goad 

M M K o M1PIIC lu r r timpc n * uijiuL| Vnivx 
SLUJtt 
Iii..!Ii1 

Can be m s N h s w S^eck yard af this golf course tat Seller 
Mamas and G arden s would chouse lo snoot this one tor their 
March issue St-2 with ti reamer, m atching earned* te g# with 
•MMNRR drapes 
Gar peeve 

ASB IW O A nytim e 
Hearne Owens Co 
•B A L TORS Per ria Betta* Q»« 

Live Oak bv owner, *2-2, massive rock fireplace in family room, cathedral celling* in family and living rooms, axtra largo hying ream , carpeted turnout- NE school diet Assume or refinance must sell Ne agent* please. Call atter 5pm and weekends *5o-7o21 
Live Oak by owner. 4-2-1, eau tty ond assume. 655-2o32__________ 
L O V E L Y 
4 bdrm, 2 bath heme rn Eldorado priced tor quick sate. Make an otter new 824 o171 
RED CARPET 
« £ *k T Q « » _________ 

TY TAXES. I bedroom. 2 bath. double oarage The condor! of a formal and informal living area in ond the emoyment of a complete­ ly covered fumbo size patio. 
Priced rn the mid 3o’s. 4S4-7717 
C e n t u r y 21 
James Gloscock rn Assoc 

NORTHERN HILLS 
THIS IS IT! New on the market. 
Beautiful J bedrooms. 2 baths, 2 car garage Lovely landscaped yard. Privacy fenced See it, you 
Will buy it! s39,5oo Nites. 4S4-817o 
6$6 3441 
OO JOHNSON. REALTORS 

LOW EQUITY 

HOOSE VMOONERk SPECIAL 
Cute 3 baw gem beme with den, ideated iWn Sierra Norte, elf t he agene Oohs Or Law assume 
OMM or VA PMA amy *23.5oo 
VALUE PLUS 
Cider 3 bed*aam bam*, with large roams, many passisbiiites. Ox tar Od Id* al Bittor* Re and bt UUU way Value is ta land Zoned Bu 
M M M 3. bibb lr attic Hew Only 
U M M Conv 
NICK ANO CASY ta the way this ane can be fkraagbr J I I with large family ream hr emoted, law assumpt tan ar CeavntnaBI ant* Ste,Ode 
CL BAN AIR PRIVACY m can Pa your* rn this (ara* 31, means lac ated eely pearly berg teared oaks. saith att San Ped ie amy in Md 

Four new conditioned homes in brook wood next Ie Windcrest I bedroom, tiled entry, fireplace and Quick possession A good buy. 
Cafl 
o24-2)o1 (A n ytim e ) 
Beanie Owens Co 
REALTOR S Austin Hwy O tt 

L O W E Q U IT Y 
$144 PER MONTH 
Refrigerator ranee, dishwasher, disposer, carpeted living room end master bedroom Callaghan 
Homes, 455 4848, 111 il l* 

Lim. LOW equity' 
$2,3oo tor i bedrooms 2 baths. privacy fenced New condition 
Miintm* pay mum $271. For mere details con 
824-2391 (Anytime) 
Beanie Dwens Co 
R E A L T O R S A u s tin H w y Ole 
I 
LOW M S 
I 3 bedroom 2 bath, m w corbet, levels yard payment* $153 me 
Com today! Nites *5^5/o7 
C e n t u r y 21 
HAP RESER 653 *183 Anytime 
MARCH WINDS blew food for­ tune tor OM proud new owners of this well maintained * 7 2 in de­ sirable Thousand Oaks. built in* and many mere extras 494-5221 
(ANYTIME I 
RED CARPET 

MMYMOHT 
Picture your self *1 Mn* beautiful custom heme en large oak treed, brefetsienaliy landscaped lot. 
Moated peel with Saltillo tile huge polio ideal tar entertaining Largo rooms, *3-2 834 4571 
M S U Cory, REALTORS 

MEADOW NOOD NORTH vacant 
4 bedroom • I hemp orea 
;• fireplace • Olmos! pow corner tot fenced 
NORTHEAST 
Easy assumption • loon 

KEY GROUP 
OFF NACOGDOCHES RD J ti. drooms, garage 53oo down 
*94-742o Slater Really 
349 9178 

OFF PERRIN BEITEL 
; 1*oo sa ft af lovolv living 3-1-2, family room has beamed Collings and bree loco, wont last. so call today! 
OSO-3ooo Anytime 
Beanie Dwens Co 
RE ALTQRS-Porrin Boltel Ofc 
OFF SAN PED RO - AH brick 
3 2 don with a fireplace Call Any limo CHARLES WATTS REAL 
ESTATE 731 2918. Til SMS 
OFF SAN PEDRO 
4 bedroom. 2 bath. don. fireplace. plush carpel, cathedral coiling. micro wave ayen, electric Kit­ chen. MO tat 349-4oo), 824-49o3 

REGENCY E L E M E N T A R Y ! 4 bedroom, 2 bain homo has beau 
MUI big backyard! Fireploced family room, formal living roam i TREES! 
549,ooo 
REALTORS 
4S3-7I41 
Guy Clyman Co 

R O Y A L R ID G E 
NEW HOMES 
4o23 Royal Pl. 3-2-2 S44.3Oo 
4o24 Royal Pl 4-2-2 544,o75 
4o3o Royal Pl 4 2' r-2 15o,o75 
2 STORY ROCK 
*114 Royal Pl. S-2W4-2 $53.4o# 
J STORY IooS STUCCO 
7x6 ex tenor walls. 4' insulation in walls, IO' rn coiling, double pane windows; stool doors with mag nolle weather strip, turbine root vents. Those features save SSS approx 3o-4o% angary bill Com­ plete kitchens, fully carpeted, intercom 

U N IV E R S A L C IT Y - 2 large homo* are soon to bo constructed in the Red Horse Manor subdivi­ sion. For m ore details, call 
Chuck. Evenings 4S3-545I 
C e n t u r y 21 
DELANEY REALTY *53 o55o 
V A L L E Y F O R G E 
3-2-2, formal living, dining and fam ily rm, covered patio. Im ­ maculate home priced al only 
$37,SOO 824-o171. 
RED CARPET 
________ REALTORS_________ 
VANISHING BREED 
Well-constructed brick 2-story convenient to downtown. This ex­ ecutive home otters a sunroom with Spanish tile, over 34oo sa ft., greenhouse and more Evenings 
COH Virginia. 4SS-347S 
C e n t u r y 21 
DELANEY REALTY 453-o55o 
WALK TO FT SAM tram this immaculate J bedroom with stove, refnaerator. large oak trees and low price log. Coll Jim 
Niles 337-4o23 
CLOSE TO RANDOLPH 
4 bedroom. 2 bath, conlral heat- air, covered patio, freshly painted inside, metal storage shed Open terms. Coll now 
I ACRE LOT 
Plus masonry 4-2-2 with formal 
{living and largo fam ily room, 
I fireplace central heat-air and built-in kitchen Open terms 
NEAR WINDSOR PARK 
, 75% brick 3 bedroom, I bath with 
I covered polio, built-in kitchen, loads of cabinets, metal storage shod ond parquet floors No down i VA. trade. Call today 
494 5571 

ALMOSt 2ooo SO FT. and priced al only $38,75o! Brick 4 bedroom, 
I bath in like new condition. Min­ utes from 41o and Medical Center 
Assume $312 month. *81-o4*o. 
RED CARPET 
! 

 a s m r 
INTERSTATE 828-o755 hi 8 pm 

AUSTIN STONE 
Lorge 3-2-2 home, 27oo sq ft. on 3 I acres, SHAVANO PARK. 
494 5281 494 2o43 
HILL COUNTRY REALTORS 
•BABCOCK NORTH* 
One of the beat, p rice iust reduced, 3 bedroom, 2 bath, fomt- _______ ly room with large fireplace, j is only one feature of Spanish many e xtras. Now selling at style 1oo°. brick home with 4 be drooms, 3 decorator baths Split 
1 bedroom arrangement ideal for maximum family privacy. Lovely 
Saltillo tile entry invites you to formol ond informal carpeted llv- 
,ng area Lovely pullman kitchen 
: in gold tones with double oven. stove top, dishwasher, disposal 
Family room 

Large 4 bedrooms- 2’ iBoths. plus separate game room in airs 

FIREPLACE 
Large single living area, formal dining and large master bedroom. 
Immediate occupancy and only 
$3ooo equity and price under 
54o,ooo 484 72oo 
CENTURY 21 Schneider Realty 
Fir s t t im e o n t h e m a r k e t 
3 bedroom, I bath, living room family room area with cathedral celling, double fieploce Spacious. 
Perfect condition. Charm ing. 
Many extras. 824-1233, 826 7314 
Mane Sale Hill. Realtors 
FIRST TIME ON MARKET 
• SPRING SALE • 
Near Medical Complex and direct 

JE F F A R E A 

3 large bedrooms, I both, 

 separate living and dining 

 room, very low exterior 

 maintenance. 

BOB MCGINNIS 
REALTORS 

^ U M M I l l 
A f t 

LAUREL HILLS 
The perfect home for entertain­ ing. 4 large bedroom s, 3oxlS family room, almost 24oo sq. ti. et pure luxury. You must see ii lo believe it. Priced in 7o’s. 
„ 
349-3535 or 349-SI 11, anytime 
Beanie Owens Co 
REALTORS-Lockhill-Selmo Otc 
LEd dj-wiwrrrc-------------- 
Charming hi location. 3-2, separ­ ate living-dining room, central heat-air. Priced low 3o s tor quick sale. 824 3233, 826-oo49, 823 S973, 
822-91o3, 824-7314. 

Spears, Broker- Owner 342-o225 
CASTLE MILLS presliqt”location 

53o,5oo. Can assume with 565oo 
736 1918 

H A H REALTY 

4-2-2, den (FP, vaulted ceiling) 
M aster bedroom in separate wing Electric thruout Large lot on cut de-sac $44,7oo 826 2347 
Thelma B. Preissman 

BACK YARD LOVERS 
Vacant, ready to move into 3 be drooms, 2 baths Forest Oaks 
BONUS! Organic plant bed ready and large pantrz for your garden. $39,9o assume or and eating area overlooks large 

T f oF T 
2 bedroom, 2 bath, large living dining room with fireplace, also clean I bedroom apartment at­ tached to garage, plus green house. Only 528 SOO 732-8111 

 covered patio. See this quality home priced at only $6o.SOO. 
824-o121 ANYTIME 

ROSOW $ KLINE 
REALTORS-SO Years Of TRUST 

CASTLE HILLS 
Immaculate 3 bedroom, 3 bath, fireplace in family room, large dining and living, covered patio with service bar, sprinkler svs- 

 reflnance 

Fortuna Assoc 
696 1412 b e a u t i f u l c o lo n ie s ^ o r t h 
4 bedrooms, 2% bath Large den 
Must see to appreciate *9* 74o5 or 696-7141 

BEAUTIFUL LOCATION 
Lovely 4 bedroom colonial siluat ed on a large corner lot in pres tige location. This home has for- 
___________ mal living and dining rooms, plus ram, near elementary school 
CALL 494-5227 
Armstrong Co 
REALTORS 
MLS 
Charming Northside Home By owner, 3-1, Saltillo tile entry, decorator in terio r. Sun deck. 
522,5oo 43o2 Neer, 349-3382 

CHARTER OAKS 

 shouid^haviT Quick' 
^ m S 'w rth o hobM“room er"or 
S a J L i s wo 
* Mice, OPEN LIVING AREA tire 

 tamily room with fireplace. Lots of excellent feautures. $7o,9oo 
Niles. 4SS-73I3 
494 7711 
DON JOHNSON, REALTORS 

B E A U T IF U L 3 2 2, near Med 
Cntr, UTSA, USAA. Large single living area with massive lire- 

Under 537,ooo VA. *5* 1234 

RED CARPET 

C A L L A G H A N 

IN C 
655-4o48___________ 

H O M E S 

822-131* 
S A C R IF IC E , By ow ner. Al 
) reduced price, thousands lass than new cast, super I yr. 3-1-2. j 14oo sq. ft $15oo equity, Firm 
1 45*249* 
_____________ 
SAN PEDRO HILLS i 
IT S WHAT'S INSIDE 
THAT COUNTS- 
Besidas having a beautitul all- 
. rock e x ltrio r , this battar-lhan-naw 4 bdrm heme odds up to the ultimate in tamily 
1 living Too many extras to list. Let ut show you o34 o171 

C e n t u r y 21 
WAKEFIELD REALTORS 
WHAT A DIVE 
You can lake into this beautiful refreshing pool Lands! aping you wilt be proud at. 4 bedrooms. 
Vaulted calling in iiv . din and den. Patio kitchen overlooking : pool Priced at 555,98o o24-o171 
RED CARPET 
________ REALTORS_________ : 
W H ITE ROCK C O N TE MPOR 
ARY. There is roam tar Everyone in this I bedroom, 2' i bath home 
One large Hying area with wet bar plus double fireplace between den and dining room. Big cheerful kuchen has breakfast area ever- leaking lovely yard Lorge game roam above borage. Located in beautiful area al names with swimming baal. tennis courts and dubhousa available 
142-3211 
ANYTIME 

B E A U tlfU L , J T w ifh sunken 
| marble roman tub, separate liv- 
1 ma dining room, huge glass en­ closed. family room with wet bar 
Bv appt only 344 7So* t - B E ftR O O k s " 'TH" E6Rfcs~? 
OAKS I designer baths, over­ bites 149-o137 : sized double garage, king sized furniture Ok, only $34,ooo or as sum* $221 month. 481-o44o. 

RED CARPET 

 place, delightful kuchen with dou hie oven, custom drapes, ALL IN 
LIKE NEW CONDITION. 141-72o1 
OLIVE BIZZELLE 
JOHN FLOURNOY IHC 

C M. FURR CO 
*>p#cioliiitiq Northside 733-7141 

COLONIAL OAKS 
Charmer! 1-2-2 on gorgeous lot in quiet area Many custom extras 
Built-in kitchen, covered patio, redecorated in and oat. $$3,ooo. 
, Nites, 492-354$ 
344 1o78 
OOH JOHNSON, REALTORS 
I M 
PUP 

COLONIES NORTH 
Completely redecorated including all new carpet I bedrooms, 2 baths big covered patio and on 
. 
_ oversized utility room. Very con will trode Out Vance Jackson. I j yemen! location1 84o,ooo 481-1222. nites, *96 o*1* 
BILL SOUTHERN REALTOR con v enTTnTT----------- 
Near Everything I 3-2-2 with cen­ tral heal air, Elec garage doer openers Walk Ie Elem school. 
NE schools 532,5oo 
REALTOR 
*91 13oo 

 central heat-air, large fenced lot, high on a hilt. No down payment to on- i yone. $29,775 total. Will trade. 
BOB DePAOLO 
344 3o91 
REALTOR 
FOREST OAKS Spanish J 2 2, 
' courtyard Huge tamily room, I 
: cathedral ceiling, fireplace, car- I pet No agents $42,5oo. 6o4-14o3 
FOREST OAKS, bv owner, all 
' brick, 4-2-2, on large lot with ma- : lure trees Den with fireplace, plus formal area, 544,ooo. 7o43 
Forest Mont *84-3792 
FOREST OAKS ' BY SAYNER 
Immaculate 4-2-2, all brick, liv- 
| ing-dining. den, fireplace, many eKtr° 4 **3,*oo 6o1-o414. 
For Safe Bv Owner Executive type, custom-built home, Univer 
Sity H ills, near UTSA, large wooded lot, circular drive, cour tyard entry. 3 bedroom. 2 bath, built-in double even-range. dishwasher, disposal, central neat and air, large utility room witn washer dryer hook-ups, sun­ ken living room and family room, cathedral ceilings, magnificent fireplace, charming mixture of rock, wood paneling, terrazo and warm brown carpeting thruout, wrought iron chandeliers and custom drapes remain. 2 patios and a sundeck ideal for green house. Low SSO't. Shown by appt only495 43o6 
_______ f or Soli Ay Owner. 2 bedroom I bath, new paint inside and out, 
518,9oo 915 John Page Drive, call 
433-o427 or 734-o919 

HOLLYWOOD PARK 
Lovely executive home, only I | year old, massive sunken den, with wall of solid brick surround­ ing fireplace, cathedral ceiling with beams, tamily style kitchen ; with large breakfast area, 4 be drooms. I separate with full bath. 
2 other full baths t'z acre treed lot. 
COMPASS REALTY 
494 14o1 494 3o12________ 

HOLLYWOOD PARK 
Lots of room in this 3 bedroom home, 2 living areas, central heat-air, 2 bonus rooms, large lot, super buy. below 55o.ooo 
COMPASS REALTY 
494-16o1 494-3o12 
H O L L Y W*o'5O P A R * 
Ample space for tamily living in this 2174 sa ft. 4-2-2. PP in tamily room, separate master bedroom with dressing room. Many extras. 
494-5221 (ANYTIM E) 

RED CARPET 

HOLLYWOOD PARK 
NEW LISTING- elegant 2 story j rock contemporary on % treed : acres 4 spacious bedroom s, j qomeroom , living and dining rooms with fantastic views, gour met kitchen with Jenn-Atre center aisle, wood deck overlookin 
MAGNIFICENT POOL 
CALL 494-5227 

LEON VALLEY 
Large fenced yard surrounds 3 bedroom home with ballroom size den Formal living, double gar­ age. Assume S2o2-mo. 
SANDISON REALTY 
699-92o1 
— 
~ l e 6 n VA LLEYS — 
~ 
Clean 3-2-2, large m aster be­ droom, central air-heat, nothing down lo anyone! *35,975. 
923 19o4 
ARCINIEGA REALTY 

LEON VALLEY 
SENECA ESTATES 
Roomy 22oo sq. ft. Mexican brick rambler. 3 Bedrooms, 2 baths, fireplace, corner lot. Mid So*v 
4o4-2725 tor opp't. 
' 

LIFE LIBEWTY PROPERTY 
It s the most American dream you can have a great life living in ttys fabulous 33oo sq ft. on* story, S bedroom, 4<> bath home on 7 acres in Churchill District. Call for details. 
Call 149-143* Anytime 
BASSE WEILBACHER 
INC, REALTORS 
I I IJIMA A h b T A M IL V area's 'In I bedroom, 2 bath home with com­ pletely built-in kitchen. Wood- covered patio 33' Iona with BBQ! 
$48,9oo 
REALTORS 
494 7771 

Guy Chipman Co 
LIVING An 6 f Am u y oreos in <T bedroom, 2 bath home with cam plelely built-in kitchen. Wood- covered patio 33' long with BBQ! 
$44,9oo 
REALTORS 
494 7771 

Armstrong Co 
REALTORS 
MLS 

HOME ON 3 ACRES 
Perfect for entertaining near 
Medical Center, guest house, pool, stables for horses, 7 additional acres available Maurine Alex­ ander 341-9191. rates o24-7 S79 
Naylor Realty Inc 

HOMES - S2oo DOWN! 
MCVEY REAL ESTATE 922 17o6 

IN SHAVANO PARK 
I wooded acres, 1-2-2. fireplace, country kitchen, large family and dinina a rea, quarters, mar* 
492-272o 

 study, 
$49,SOO m aid 
Firm. 

$32,5oo ll brick 1-2-3 

Marilla o rie l Realtors, 
BED CARPET 
ROSOW & KLINE 
OFF WALZCM RO 
3-2-1. sad 3-1-1, air - appliances carpel *75 1491, 342 7415, *7J I IOO 
POINTER REAL ESTATE 
OLD FARM ll 
Bnck ond stucco. 3-2 2, ONE LIV­ 
ING ARBA Built rn kitchen with breakfast room, outstanding 
HILL TOP VIEW! Only $33,ooo 
49o-9882 
GREAT AMERICA 
B E A IT Q E S ---------- 
I&UTSTANDING IST 
On Wood Hollow in Bristol Piece l l ' * . I Brick end asbestos 
Monthly payment of $1*5 at 7% interest, central heat and air on 

_______ REAl TORS_________ 
San Pedro Hills, owner. 4 2-2, se pa rake family roam, 2438 se ft 
Ii viny u req NE schofils 498-1433. 
San Pedro H ill*, Beautiful, all rock and cedar home with fire­ place. 
Many 
E x tra s . 
54.o88-*qmly 494 3848__________ 

IC MOOI s im equity 

On 698-9)48 
442-4284 
CLINT WEILBACHER 

MO NTE VISTA 
By owner 
) beat aum J path. 
Large Uvula ream, dining ream, kitchen Bneuittul eras* solar turn, 
8*4,888, 28* E A gonia By ap 

MUST SEE TO APPBBCIATE this beautiful 4 bedroom, I hath double au rate, Spanish U rie kit et 
Oyer IM sa 
I lets m i lu xu ry plus tats as 454 *555 

1817115 
C e n t u r y 2 1 
C e n t u r y 21 
W M iTBM BA O H O LID A Y 
*Q Q U $ R I A l IV 
• B A I TORS 
-------------------- 
I 
MIST KU 
______ 
By aw ner, la rg e i l l 
I A M U I R f i l l 
MNM Pl Sam H undo tub Wk f c - a s x e j n j E M u e t 
M n fflUEPtACt 

B ric e . 

 fen* s a l has m f* a l ream i a rg * 
• e m ily re a m w ith c a t h e d r a l sapor Ut* u n la r g e e a r n e r le i s«M ai 
MAR JEE bliss J I plus lien Pa* 

Vat Bam! I Assoc i*4-7171 
454-448* 
*94-5894 

OVER l l A C R E *, near HonUolph 
A P E I P ra c tic a lly new c o u n try h em *, h a * 4 b e d ro o m *. 2 bath- 
S twin Hod hying area 24x18 w ith a fire p la ce ' Patio kitchen ! 4 stalls ond c o rra l w ire fens mg! 
$72,588 
REALTOR S 
*54 78o7 
Guy Chipman Co 

OWNER ANXIOUS 
M a c A rth u r area, 3-1 Plus den, to roe yard, central heat and mr. assume 8134 38 per me 
7'»% 
•merest 
Van Bum I Assoc 
484-7171 
I88-I8B9 
899-88*8 

PERRIN PARK 
L a rg e i l l, m c * plan, p e a t ttu vo cy fence Priced $15,388 
ROSSI RAITT 
414-7711 
PO PU LAR BECAUSE ii s BS#*! 
Open p la n ham # has ra c k h r# . 
PHK#, br som as! hor. hum ta k it chee 4 Bed*earns, 2 P e ttit 
Boti#! 
541588. 
BB ALTO R S 
494 7771 
Guy Chipman Co 

PKOMiSFS 
\>f Ii 
A lt futtrlta d rn this e x tra nice 4 
I ie areem. ) Bomi ham* with hying and d rn in g ream , la m My ream i av aet mg. dante* aurae* a re a l ceiiOHiaa. goad ta co# ie# tit tee 
N il* * a * * f a n 
C e n t u r y 21 
NE V 3AV8 RS R E A LT Y 
♦ n t * r t 
__ 
IMI I. ii XX Si * it) ( A il 
Hi l l * • a a * 
I X n it* 4 A h u te x * * 

SELLERS: 
C o ll a bo ut o u r G u a ra n te e Sale 
Plan, w here if we don't sell your heme, we buy it. 

See a ll o u r e th e r ads en goad home buys ond rentals in oil areas. 

Coll INTERSTATE 828-o755 
Open 7 Days TU I P M 

SHADY O A kT A p pro x I acres. 
4-3. huge den, fire p la c e , la rg e p a tio c o m p le te ly re m o d e le d 
. 12x14 s to ra g e sh e d , a re a fo r horses 
M id I H I . BV OW NER, j 494-o758 
SOMETHING DIFFERENT with a restful fleer pion P riva cy 
(or rn Ie I laming COH Be •m oved MI this 4 b e d ro o m , **<■» bo th h e m e ; wtth a triu m , fa n ta s tic cabinets wet bar, fire p la ce in dan, (Sapor ate tra m rest af house) and oh the eeed th in g s pius 1% acre s (and you can have h o rse s) W alk lo shopping centers 
Cell 149 I4J4 A nytim e 
BASSE WEILBACHER 
: 
Wk M * lT^ 
■ 
SPACE MD CHARM 
I H OUK ally new custom hem * has ch a rm th ru nut m any a p p ealing lectures Large room s m ctudm e se p a ra te d in in g liv in g , su n n y kitc h e n —b re a k fa s t et to . At ame 
Hgts Schools *34 4)71 hum Cary. ALALI OAS | 

STOHL, BRICH SUSS 
S u p e r c e n te m p e r a r v c u s to m heme. has rf a h i 4 hear earns, 2 * e a rn s , la r d * c u s to m k itc h e n , leaded w ith e v e ry th in g , rack B ra pipe* aaa* la the shy 2488 sa ft. of lu xor v I lieu send Oaks area 
LANDMARK, KEAL I URS 

SUPER N ic e I bedroom , hark 
• i t * m c* towuty ream C a vel ad p a te and fo rd o * area M ust * * • 
oo4 3221 (AN Y T IM E ) 
RED CARK! 

 i Ah I i o u * " ir if i" "'in '" v a"l l 8 y 
* G B U R . ) h a d ra a m o r 4 B e lk 
• •th i auth* dau b* genua* B t* 
PHK# mot assum e Va lean Cum 

RED CARPET 
_ 

R E A LT O R SJO T ro is JI I P U , I 

W IL S H IR E T E R R A C E 
I be- droom phi* den and term ly room . single go ropy w ith re a r allay en­ tra n c e Open te rm s at 324,788. 
R EALTOR S, 341-4414 
RED CARPET 
W IN D C R E S T B E A U T Y - C orner le t, h e a te d p ee l, fa n ta s tic sun- loom . 374.388. N iles o33-4)49 
C e n t u r y 21 

I 
TR ICO, Regulars. 349 o481____ 
W INDSOR P A R K A R E A 
3 3 2, 
54o8 down, 3318 me 
J A J R E A LT Y 674-8883 A nytim e ixini nu n a 
WINUoUn 
L o v e ly 1-2 h e m e H u g e liv in g a rg # , rs n a e . a ir , c a rp e l, a n d fenced 
$27,oo8 ossume or i refinance 

5-4-3 BEDROOMS! 
34 BATHS! 
$79,5oo TO $115,ooo! m INTEREST AVAIL! 
OAK VALLEY OAKCREEK NWI 
9 m odels open d a ily , spacious, gracio us liv in g , orgtraai designs. w ill trade Oui m il* fro m 41o 
MIKE KINDER BLDR 
696-833o 
B E R T k ft H '6 k t n s ib fc " P I'B 1- 
M A R T . 3 b e d ro o m s, 2>j b a th s, tree house a ir, c a rp e ls $28,5oo 
B argain Term s 
494742o Slater R ealty 
349-927o 
H 
T C H 
A L tb R S m W 
WT o f l 
Bianco Rd 2 bedroom , den. $2. IOO r ■■ j ■ 
Ti 
'T ," T L H , . , 
* " ‘>r,ck 1 te a ro o m 2 bath, 2 co r equity, assume $175 
R ing B E L L 
. w .V ._ .: * ! * g o ro g e , c a rp e te d th ro u g h o u t, i'U-- !> *', fro m IIC lO o n d ! blk tro m bus 3 u p s ta irs d o rm 
F o rm a l d in in g bedroom, den. dining room . weed room e n tra n ce h a ll 
15x 19 den, fire p lo c e d liv in g re e m ^ C a rp e t o¥#r o c r# , , r *o lin e d le t As thru put, recently pointed, re e f 2 tu rn * $321 per mo or refinance 

F or this o il b ric k 1-2-2. C arpeted liv in g and bed roo m s, cozy den, low equity, m inutes tro m M edical 
Center 
341-91*6 ANYTIM E 
C e n t u r y 21 
HOW ARD TATE REALTO R S 

3 FULL BATHS 
B e a u tifu l c o n te m p o r a r y c o n ­ do m in iu m in e x c e lle n t lo ca tio n 
1-3-2, w ith p riva te patio and sm all 
! yard C athedral ceilings in livin g and dining area. No m aintenance fees. Has tw o c a r attach ed gar age $17,7oo. 4 9 4 -lte l 
494-7711 
OON JOHNSON, RE ALTO R S 

INTEREST RATES ARE 
GOING UP! 8W T O 8 W I 
L um ber, la bor, etc going up lo ! 
Buy now I 9 m odels open d a ily I 
$79,5oo to $115,ooo' T ra d e yo u r h om e fo r th e d o w n p a y m e n t! 
5-4-3- b ed roo m s, 4-1 b a th s ! Out 
Vance Jackson, I m ile Iron 41o and C allaghan in Oak Volley and 
Oak Creek NW 
MIKE KINDER BLOB 
696-833o 

IBLUE CHIP! 

C e n t u r y 2 1 
K E Y G R O U P 
E L A ,N E "u O W .G I ASSOC 
G R A S f ^ t f l V ' 

O utstanding 4 bedroom . 7 bath en a Quiet cul-de-sac. F o rm a l livin g ond din in g , ta m ily ream w ith a fire p la c e , S a ltillo h i* c o u rty a rd e ntry, ond a p riva cy fenced ya rd 
$5o,5oo *o1-3222, rates, 349-4*17 
B IL L SOUTHERN R E A LTO R 

JEFFERSON 

 yrs old. double oarage, concrete d riv e way and p a rk in g in back, covered patio Open $31,5oo A L L 
C IT Y R E A L T Y 714 H S I. A tte r h o w e 834-1731 
Best L a c a llo n on tis - C o lo n ia l 
H ills, convenient free w ays 4-3-2, 
2188 sq M $58 s Owner 349 222o 
W 
H 
K A U T IMUL 

WUI trade en sm aller home 
BOB DePAOLO 
144 3o91 
R E ALTO R 

COUNTRY SUNSHINE tor your tin n ily 5)9,96o gets VOW 
■ acre w ith fe rtile g a rd e n ond 
Big co u n try kitch e n den 
J * * ? 
I 
Ind fa m ily ro o m 
17x11! both and den home Area peot and 
I c a u m , pius C h u rch ill D is tric t It s a deal 
! Call 34* 1434 A nytim e 
BASSE WEILBACHER 
INC, RE ALTO R S 

BUDDY UECKER 
I “ I ' M ! . 

4-2* i i 
P L U S 2nd m aster bdrm . BIG dress, wolfc in 
MAC R E A L ESTATE *2o 2521 
— i f f i t i t r e n T raB------------ 
Large oaks shades lh * bock yard 
OI th is cute 3-2-2. L iv in g d in in g c o m b e p lu s fa m ily ro o m p lu s b reakfast area Storage building and brick bba mc I 
L O n IBI* low p ric e et $17,9oo N e ig h b o rh o o d sw im m ing and tennis a vailab le 
I 
C e n t u r y 21 
WHITEHEAD^HOLLIDAY 
W O O DLAKE, 33-2, en cut-de soc large I am ity area, covered patio, { 8o1-83oo 
R EALTO R S apteigncus end drapes a variable low equity and assum e $269 mo paym ents, 441-7458 om i 6PM __ 
W O O O S T O N E I 
V a c a n t! 
Im m ediate occupancy! Im m aculate 
Tri t t iT w r t e , 'te e n "Ut in g 'Y r ^ 
3 b e d ro o m , a il b r ic k h e tn ir bedroom s, i i i b o th * and a tai 
S p a cio u s e n * liv in g a re a w ith fire p la c e , su p e r la rg e k itc h e n a ith breakfast a re a l Woik Ie new e le m e n ta ry school end M adison 
High School Out af town owner 
494 7*51 A N Y T IM E 

B U R G L A R P R O O F b u t. you ll want Ie steal il l Alm ost new tern e in Oak M eadows is CUI b ric k w ith a balcony overtaking th * fn fo ra . • 
4 long. p re tto p q tw 
572, 
R E ALTO R S 
4o4 /771 

ROSOW A KLINE 
R E ALTO R S-IO Years af TRUST 

WiifKioR Mm ’s Srooioi 
4 bedrooms, I baths, central hem end m r P rice d of 324 o8o Good lo c a lite • w ill sell q u ic k ly Par 

o24-2391 (A n y tim e ) 
Hearne Owens Co 
"JIA kTgS* 
H S I 9ft 
Wfmifl YOD BELIEVE 
A p p ro x im a te ly l l a c re s South 
•u s i t*84 w ith I8SS ti. fra n ie e e i*«f Beancod 
M4-8348 
341 *1o4 
o84 37*8 
CONNALLY fife A t l i T A T S IN C 

 m u fly tt Amar HMH mIM R 
» 

W A C K HUGI OAKS 
>588 Mi R rack bam * att etectnc in vtew ti. aaa rua, 3 Cte . (Nee 
*1*8*43 I U Ire * 8 )6 8 *** 73*4117 
W A I SON A SUN R h A l I URS 

Guy Chipman Cn S 

• y O w n e r 
B e a u tifu l Kam e on corner let 3-2-2, fireplace, excel lent location 
M any e xtras. I 
541 *8* *81 o584 
B Y~ '<5WHY ft* "beautiful I I I all brick adobe beme in University 
Oaks Formal Living Room and large den with elan* fireplace. 
Fenced yard with trees Walk lo 
•lenientl y school Must se* I* a * predate 841,888 *91-1173. o 7 -5WHTT>~ T T>edruem } bgST double eatage, Braun station 
West, few e q u ity .1 
4*4 31o$ weekends or att 4 
B i Owner, F x tc u fiv * being ti n u tte ri *d w ill sell 2-story hum*, lived in less than ) me 27oo 
Sa Pl I t tam e room. family ream , fo rm al living dining, breakfast ream, 16x3*' coveted boti# with skylights privacy fence Park Furies! ii * OOO and assume toil per me v a . 492 99o4 
Ne ggggii. 
_______ 
By g*ynlfc*-FB8lBEIo. f-f-f knight per ary bam* (en von ie rn ra Mod areg UTSA USAA 
SIO 188 
3*4 o849 
I ti V ~5w N » I ; Poy a il’ W W " ! ! T 
1288St F I ■ % bu ck fenced, screened deli* tori targeting I yrs 
Nd 
321* rn* 
Law inuit* 
4471 

3 2 2 
Custom bu ilt, custom drapes, one big living area, 9 mo eld 844,988 6**d789 

BELLVIEW brick veneer, carpel, immaculate < condition, l l plus den, walking distance to W&naerland. fenced, washer and dryer connections 
524,5o* 
Van Buren I Assoc 
*84 7171 
49* 5*96 
499 oo4* 
E 6 W T I E M T " '"T U V T t m 
LO V E LY 2-1-2 on busline eft 
12oo lo move in *14o me 
REALTY 474 *8o) Anytime o f i s n n L t v p c to u te r n>is 
Spanish hem* in Oak Glen 
Park has J bedrooms, 2 baths and a J car garage sunken family room with fireplace, bedroom sunken even further Many ex 
Iras Call ter details. New under 
158,o8o 
*2o-o195, REALTORS 
RED CARPET 
W F J T O v t o T T oom, carpet, bull! int t i f & I nT fit opiated den 
83o,18o. Com today 
INTERSTATE I I I o/53 IU » pm 

ENCHANTED FOREST 
Beautiful 4 bedroom heme with circular staircase Separate din mg. I bates and a powder ream 
Large den, many oak trees 
341 72*1, nile* M I *o29 Ask tor 
VIRGINIA NIRNDOREF 
JOHN FLOURNOY INC I t i*& T i o u i f f I W 
F v i l j V ' ! have cash tee equity can be paid tut maRMBf. Spacious I bedroom 
2 bate bam* near snooping and n e ttestd e si hoots o il oe*o 
RED CABRET 

 conli oi oir, no down to anyone 
BRIGHAM REALTY 473 14o1 

GREENBRIAR SPECIAL 
3-1-1 on quiet tree lined street 
Fenced yord Walk ta NE schools 
Just 831,5oo Erie Noeel. *9e-3)Jo. 
8*4 2712 
PROFESSIONAL REALTY m i l u v M t e 
I 3 bedioom pius den. Ott West Ave near Boss* Rd. 817.58o 3*4 14/1. rales 341 7497 BRENNER CO 

 i 
HERE’S YOUR CHANCE! immaculate I In droom 2 bath 
Convenient to schools and shop ping Formol living, tamily room. cen tral heal and a ir, double : garage Open term s 833,ooo 
342-4177 nit#*, 344 24)7 
BILL SOUTHERN REALTOR 
" 
'UN W r i6 r iH t U TKS--------- 
WILL FIND SOLO ON DOOR 
Adorable 3-2-3 with tireplace in den, lovely new carpeting and solirum tile Deer led et your fence next Id CPS* Pork 
Beryl Weigand 344 2341, 342 *456 
BOB JONES, REALTORS 
KEY GROUP 
" 
Tilto n * / a m 
----------- 
3 2 2, fireplace, greenhouse, ana mony other extras 344,ooo 
494 2441, ANYTIME 

GALE REAL ESTATE 

HiM ENFOiSTlEAUTr 
This brick hem* has ever JJOt) sa ft. U ltra landscaping, larg e breeze way patio Spic and span 3 bedroom. I ' i bath hem * with many built ut cobnuts A buy al 
- 544,ooo 
34* 4341 gr 349 33)5 Anytime 
Oeanie Owens Co 
REALTORS Blanco Rd Otc 

3 bedrooms, 2 cor garage, large corner lot Only $25,ooo on open terms. Call a professional new et 
7)o-4424 

HILL COUNTRY VILLAGE 
Five Ire* covered acres surround large J bedroom 2’ . bate exgcu live bam# Large paties. ti on! end rear Double hrepUic* new I arm ly reran beuutlui stables, com 
(irately fenced Telal grivacv 
$1354oo Niles, 494 311* 
494 7711 
; 
DON JOHNSON RC AL TORS 

REALTORSJoffa sen 

JUNE OCCUPANCY 
Beautiful I bedroom. 2 bate home in the Forest Oaks Area girds singing in tee back yard Se* haw you may trode in your hem* and move when school it out 
C e n t u r y 21 
Schneider R edify 
484 72o* 
I JUST I I s t f S' 6(3ra I bedroom, j 2 bath heme in JEFFURSON Hi area Lovely remodeled kitchen and family room Many extras 
514,SO* 
492 2795 
*3o1T l i m b * ------------- 
Pretty hem e, convenient Ie 
Medical Center and USAA, 3 be dream, 2 bate. tamUy ream with iarg* fireplace fenced yard with pretty trees Walking distance I* 
Elem and Jr. Hi. Only $34,5oo 
I 734 191o 
H IH REALTY iu s T T R T f b TsTerS , U M 
, I privacy fence, ail kifchen ap­ pliances, and garage door opener 
Priced to sell' 434 2341 
RED CARPET 
KEAL TORS j UKTT i sT t B r m i p m i i i , ; 
> with lets of carpet, new paint, appiiancvs tented and priced I* suit fast! 434-134! 
RED CARPET 
H a l t o m 

JUSTUSTLD 
WOODS OF SHAVANO fantastic 
4 bldr uum I targe living area has fireplace, separate lei mal dining, beautifully cat pated, spill be dream a rra n g e m e n t. 
Oak covered ira Ask ter Rute Furies 
M I T I* * A N Y T IM E 
C e n t u r y 21 
HOWARD TATE REALTORS l A- H 
L H H l H f l ! Lowly I bedroom. I goth hem* hat ash paneled family ream ira mg din fa c a d e kitchen Custom polio caver > 
841 SUO 
REALTOR* ••J b m b h 

 g 
; Guy Chipman Co 

LOVELY CORNER 
Lovely low price of $24. SOO 3-3, family kitchen, perfect home tor first or last. No city taxes. Wan'! last. Ask for Gita Lucas 
341-91*6 ANYTIM E 
C e n t u r y 21 
HOWARD TATE REALTORS 

LOW DOWN HOME 
I bedroom, I ' i bate with lorge fenced yard AH appliance*, re­ frig e ra to r, 2ox2o gam eroom 
$24,$oo FHA VA. 
SANDISON REALTY 
*99 (261 
M A S S IV E H ftH L A d g In BDD X 
25' fam ily room. BRICK 3 be­ droom, 2 bath double garage home near Medical C en ter.^*- sum* low interest VA. only 3287 monte. 481-o*4o 

RED CARPET 
M ONtiC'E U a 
Homey, corner, 3 bedroom, in pertecf condition, iarg* ItvUia and dining, screened porch, pretty tree shaded yard Only 52o,9oo 
CLOSE TO MEDICAL COMPLEX 
Lew tax area, lovely corner heme with workshop 1-2-2, living and den. assume payments under $21* or new loon Low JO *. 
GLEN OAKS 
, 2 beauties, both vacant and bete corner. 3 bedroom, 2 bath or 2 with large den. shadey yard, I bleck from bus end steres. As­ sume payments under $24o. 
C e n t u r y 2 1 
Whitehead Holiday 
*o4 3711 
REALTORS 
MriVF RIGHT IN 
Glen Oaks Park, spacious 4-2-1 all brick home, bull! in bookcases, race carpet thruout. covered pa tio. vacant Open terms 
C e n t u r y 21 
WHITEHEAD HOLLIDAY 
4o1 o3oo 
REALTORS 
MUST SELL QUICK! 
3 Bedrooms, hug* living dining room combo Carpeted, central heat air! Extra kl rec fenced back yord. SI*,SO* 141 2222 Anytime 

 c g n f m j p 
N e a r e d ,col /e n te r IPU (.oui ■ bedroom heme with tireplace, centro! heat air and mony extras 
Over 2o*o ta ti and m id 4o'S 
*9o 922o, Piles 49s $3o7 

KEY GROUP 
Guy Chipman Co 

 n e a r u t i a Awd EWI p i t J 
J 2-2. carpets, air 8273 dawn 
*9o-742o Slater Realty 
344 o93* 
R T O l o f t M b 6 6 M ----- 
Hew about BIG 12 2, next to popular Glen Oaks School and 
M edical Complex If s luxury through out. fireplace rn big den 
A must sag al below 5*o un* 
INSPIRATION HILLS 
* 
Priced far quick salt luxury with view 4 2 2, tireplace in warm den, living and dining, aver 22*o sa tt far only 849.9oo 
CHARTER OAKS 
Over 22oo sa ft af charm aud beauty in Ibis elegant I M corner. Tewnhame Lovely u t* tem drapes throughput la rg e family ream with flreglac*. lu r moi living and dining ream gild much mere. $54,ooo 
C e n t u r y 21 
Whitehead Holiday 
*44-3711 
REALTOR^ 

UKW KOMIS Ml i TO S ACRI TRACTS 
Situated on choice Tracts With magnificent views 3 and 4 bt dream*, upper level decks, lira piece, modern kitchens, I system air hoot Plenty of room tor a 
• or or ii or horse. Located rn 
F a i r o a k s 
D riv e aul IH to 
Not lowest I* Lee# Senna* exit. pi meed en access read to Cuyip 
Stanley sign, turn right, ae J - mites I* FAIROAKS ethic 

DON SMITH CO 
698 244o6RoKEH698 2832 

 m u r T O T t 
I ItHitHe til* 

» UM# 
I ( 
HI VAI ) ii i i i - it*## 

HILLCREST FARK 
Super view Clem spue tau* i i ira Pen E XI RA NICE 
34 1 4435 
REAL IONS 
SIO 
BARNEBEY AGENCY 

ANJ’n GRAND 

 uriramraid I . ,g . burned 
*•* m al ttvitm ««$i a*****.* tdm i i $ a m m i m u i t r n t i t ) 

H I W I IST!] 
On* et g Kind fam ily ream Separate Item ream and formal dining room I 
Redr earn» goy windows rn mu* tei bvuraam French windows ** tiring I pom and termly I earn le i 
Deck 
559.18*. 
Call 
494 J**J 
ANYTIME 

 m 

• k. 
H H tP 

 a r n * 
* rn. H lr J 

 g |8 l 
'W w . > iW 
• 
• 

2 LINES $ 

I O 
DAYS 

NON COMMERCIAL! 
CANCELLABLE 
WITHOUT 
PLATE CHANGE 

2 
2 
5 
- 
1 
6 
6 
6 
QUICK RESULTS! 

212 * RoHS-M8RTHWEST 

 i l l OM NOW TM I 
YOUR HORII M TRAM 
$1 M O VE IN VA 

5% DOWN CONVICTION Al 
NO PAYMENT NU NAY 77 

3 a n d 4 bed roo m plans 
$ 3 o ,9 5 o lo $ 4 3 ,9 5 o . 
A ll hom es fe a tu re ene­ rg y saying packa ge, 
.c e n tra l h ea t-air, ca rp e t a n d ha n d cra fte d w o o d b u rn in g firepla ces, d e l­ u x e 
M a g ic 
C hef all ele ctric kitchen , ond 2 co r g arage . 

A fM M B N B m o o n s 
ODIN DANY 9-9 
T W IN CREEK 
6 8 1 .1 1 1 1 

# -------------------------- 
'N 
TH I UPRECHANNS 

*told es you ll find your treasure in grim beauty! 3 bedroom, 2 bath home in Forest Oaks. Saltillo tile, cathedral ceilings, fireplace, carpeting and many other fine ap­ pointments. The BUY of the week! 

BOB MCGINNIS 
REALTORS v 3 4 9 -1 1 2 1 

L 

Reduce*! Over $1o,ooo 
C o lo a l V itla a e , C u s to m b u ilt, b e a u tifu l d ra p e s and c a rp a l, 4 tarpe bedrooms, 3 lu x u ry bam s, J fireplaces, central heat - a ir. Lets talk term s 
Call 824-5421, nites 
474-o744 
Turner Realty 

21? 
HOWfS MnmHWtST 

N. CRAIG 2 BDRM 
Low down. ow ner c a rry , nice yard. 
734-1744 
828-o*45 
734-4117 
WATSON * SON REALTO R S 

R E D U C E D lo (57,54o. Im m ediate 
O ccupancy A va ila b le ! H om iness is the keynote w ith all m e m odern a p p o in tm e n ts . A ttr a c t iv e tw o sto ry . L a ru e ru m p u s ro o m . 21’ m a s lt r b e d ro o m . F ir e p la c e ! 
S p rin kle re d grounds w ith m any oaks. W alk to a ll level schools and 
S h o p p in g . 
A 
R E A L 
F IN O ! 
494-7451 A N Y T IM E . 
ROSOW A RUNE 
REALTO R S-5o Y a ors of TRUST 
RO LLIN G RIDG E 
AB S O LU TE LY IM M A C U L A T E !4 bed roo m , 2 ba th b ric k hom e. 2 livin g areas, cul-de-sac location. 
(45,5oo 
RE ALTO R 
491-13oo 
Century 21 
E L A IN E LU O W IG A ASSOC. 
•1614 Sacramento* 
L a rge 3-2, reconditioned, off West 
A v e . (11,5oo a n d w e ’ ll tra d e . 
344-3471, nites 341-19o1 
BOB B R E N N E R REALTO R S 

W H ISP ER IN G OAKS 
B y O w ner, b e a u tifu lly carpated, 
4-2' fo rm a l livin g , separate raised d in in g , den has tire p la c a , poo l table siie d gam e room has m any b u ilt-in s . Im m a c u la te cond. No agents please. Low (7o s. 492-1827. 

214 • HoDSES-SQ8THEAST 

WOODLAWN HILLS 
Sm all home In need of re p a irs, 3-1. washer and d ry e r connections. 
(11,5oo 
Van Buren & Assoc 
484-7171 
494-5894 
499-oo44 

•1614 Sacramento* 
L a rg e 2 bedroom . Separate d in ­ in g , 1*2 b a th s , o ft W e st A v a . 
344-3471, 341-19o1 B R E N N E R CO. 

SAN ANGELO in Las Angeles H uts. 3-1-1 w ith screened p o rch , low e a u ity. A s­ sume (1o4 m onthly 
Vaa Buran 6 Assoc 
484 7171 
496-5894 
344 1o89 

WOODLAWN HILLS 
THIS IS A B E A U T Y ! 
4 bedrooms (o r 3 and an office), s e p a ra te d in in g , lo rg e liv in g room , den, c e n tra l h e a t-a ir, ex­ tras. 
(42,5oo. 
341-72o1, nites 
341-8294 
JOHN FLOURNOY IWC 

W O O DLAW N T E R R A C E . O lder 
3-2-2 w ith super-sued room s. C a r­ peted throughout, bonus bedroom and b a th attacheO to d e ta ch e d g a ra g e . P ric e d to s e ll! R E A L ­ 
TORS, 341-4484. 
RED CARPET 

EAST CENTRAL 
Walk to elementary school 3, bedrooms, IVY bath, spacious living, separate dining. Fenced yard Coll now. 
532 5245 
Nites 927-7298 

DEANS 
OWENS CO. 
KAITORS-M15 
S. EAST OK. 

216 ROUSES SQUTimEST 

"N E W T S M A R K ET------------- f o r e s t O aks a re a , 3-2-2, la rg e fa m ily a re a , o il lu x u ry e x tra s . plu s low in terest note. Call soon. 
(34,5oo 
FO R E ST OAKS 
N e a r pool and tennis, lo vely 3-2-2 w ith p re tty y a rd , a ll lu x u ry e x ­ tra s , (39,9oo. Also 3-2-2 w ith fire ­ place in huge liv in g area, (44,5oo and if s y a rd is fu ll of oaks, also la rge 4-2-2 a t 544,5oo C all today on these o r several others. 
OAK H IL L S TE R R A C E 
B ig c o rn e r b e a u ty w ith 14x25 fa m ily roam , fire p la ce , a ll e xtra s. 
This hillto p pr ope rty only (43,9oo 
Century 21 
W hitehead-H oliday 
684-3711 
RE ALTO R S 

915 SAN AN G E LO 
O FF BLANCO 
Redecorated inside and out. 3 be­ d ro o m s, I b a th , nice n e ig h b o r­ hood on busline. O nly (17,5oo. Call 
Jean M a rtin 344-2341, 494-2o27 
BOB JONES, RE ALTO R S 
KEY GROUP 

4-2, separate study, sewing room , e x c lu s iv e n e ig h b o rh o o d , m a n y tre e s, c o rn e r lo t, by o w n e r, no agents, (78,5oo. 341-oo79.________ 

NO C IT Y T A X E S 3-2-2. s to v e , carpets, (275 down 
694-742o Stater R ealty 
349-9278 
NO RTHSIDE SCHOOL D IS T R IC T 
13-2-2, M ay I p a ym e n ts. 475-1691 
162X72o, 674-1777 
P O IN TER R E A L ES TATE 
O AK-CO VE R ED , H ILLT O P home has fo rm a l liv in g , din in g room s. 
F a m ily ro o m w ith c o r n e r fire p la c e ! 4 bed roo m s, 2 baths- 
1.. G AM E ROOM too! 
1(48,9oo. 
R E A LTO R S 
696-4811 
Guy (Shipman Co 

‘ OAK HILLS TERRACE 
Im m a cu la te 3-2-2 w ith e x tra fea­ tures. Livin g -d in in g com bination. 
P aneled den. F in is h e d g a ra g e . 
IF e n c e d . 
N o w , (3 9 ,9 5 o . 
A n n 
C a rtw rig h t, 694-533o, 342-3778. 
PBOFESSIOWAL REALTY 

O A K T K E E S ! c o u rty a rd e n try to th is 3-2-2 IU 
OAK H IL L S T E R R A C E . L iv in g - d in in g , huge fa m ily ro o m , fir e ­ place, kitch e n w ith p a rty b ar. 
$44,9oo 
4oo-9(o2 
GREAT AMERICA 

R E A L T O R S 

S H E N A N D O A H 
R E D U C E D TO $48,55o 
4 bdrm s, 2 liv in g areas. E xce lle nt condition. 
N eor e ve ryth in g ! 
824-o171 
RED CARPET 
_________R EALTOR S__________ 

SHENANDOAH ooLLHoUSE 
3 bedroom , I bath, lo rq e liv in g area w ith fire p la ce (27,9oo. This won t last! 

LANDMARK. REALTORS 
___________49o-95o2____________ 
S O M E TH IN G N E W — S O M E T H ­ 
IN G D IF F E R E N T — S O M E T H 
ING S U P E R B ! This is C h u rch ill 
E s ta te s a n d S u p e rb H o m e s . 
Loca ted only !? m ile fro m C h u r­ ch ill High School in the N orth East 
School D istrict, the Estates a fford oak-shaded sites secluded fro m the re a l w orld. Jesse and Bruce 
B a ke r b u ild hom es w ith s k ille d cra ttm a n sh ip , q u a lity m a te ria ls, energy saving features, the most m o d e rn c o n v e n ie n c e s a n d fa m ily -o rie n te d designs. P ric e d fro m $65,ooo to (9o,ooo. 342-3211 
A N Y T IM E . 
O F F E R E D E X C L U S IV E L Y BY 
ROSOW & KLINE 
REALTQRS-5o Y ears of TRUST 
STAGECOACH H ILLS 
A p pro x 2.8 acres, 3 -1 'i-2, tree s, lots of space to r horses (59.9oo. 
684-4747B. Zoller, Broker681 1492 

WOODS OF SHAVANO 
TWO STORY DELIGHT 
Super k itc h e n w ith a ll m o d e rn conveniences, plus 4 bedroom s, 
2' i baths and huge den w ith fire ­ place. A re a l playhouse fo r the kids and pool and tennis club near by. H U R R Y !!! 

828*6391 A n y tim e 
Deanie Owens Co 
R eoltors-N E Loop otc 

YOU’LL NEVER REGRET 
The day you fin a lly decid e d to look a t th is lo v e ly 4 b e d ro o m home whose charm begins rig h t at the fro n t door. Includ es such fe a tu re s as 18x38 pool w ith sun deck, wet bar, and covered patio. 
P rice reduced to (49,95o. 
684-433o 344-62o7 A nytim e 
Deanie Owens Co 
R E ALTO R S-Bondero Rd. Otc 

OWNER AN XIOU S - O nly (28,15o 
F H A a p p ra is e d . B r ic k 3-2-2, h ea t-air, b u iltin * , c o v e rtd patio and m uch m are. Call fo r an appt. 
333-4144 
Nites 454-2787 
Century 21 
SOUTH EAST RE ALTO R S 
OWNER T R A N S FE R R E D 
Must sell his beautiful 1ooN b ric k 
3-2-1 fast! C entral heat-air, fo rm a t living , cozy den and covered pa­ tio. No down VA. 
STOP C O LLE C TIN G 
R E N T R E C E IP T S . B u ild y o u r own estate, sta rt w ith this clean 2 bedroom w ith stove ond re frig e r­ ator. No down VA, paym ents ap ­ prox. (125 per mo Call now 
IM M E D IA T E POSSESSION fo r Qualified b u ye r on this H ig h ­ land H ills 3 bedroom w ith 3 ca r garage. Ideal for ca r butt of han­ dym an. Ask fo r Jim 
532-3252 
N ites 337-4823 
Century 21 
W A K E F IE L D RE ALTO R S 

ADAMS HIU 

You win love tim luxurious 4 bedroom, Th batt) beme with fireplace and its own 28x39 heat ed peal Carpeting thrvout and fully equipped kitchen. Open 
Terms 

COW FOUTTY-COW rYWIT. 
Clean 
3 bedroom home in established area near school. In­ cludes range, refrig., carpet and fenced yard tarty occupancy. 
Only $19,515. 
HOME AND INCOME 
New duplex in Heritage Form near Wilferd Hall ond lackland 
AFB One unit has 3 bedrooms ond 2 baths; the other unit bos 2 bedrooms and I bath. Bedrooms and living areas ore fully carpeted. Kitchens are emipped with range, dishwasher, disposal ond refrig. Good income paten 

WORLD WIDE 

J2t ■ MBWM! H R B T IY 

GOOD BUI IDING STIR 
ON THI GUADALUPE 
ARE HARD TO DND 

We hove several, each with a high area for building and each with a gentle slope to river. 
From 
$14,ooo. 8%, 12 year financing available. Highly restricted. Call for Ap­ pointment to seel 

HBG REAL ESTATE 

7 3 3 -1 3 o 9 

E x p r e s s - b e w s — 
F r id a y , M a r c h 1 1 , 1 9 7 7 

226 SUBdRBAW PROPERTV 
| n a K S M ! PROPERTIES 

A A -t D E A L . 3 b a rm s , 2 b a th s , carpets. (15o On. M ay paym ent. 
694-742o Slater R ealty 
344-o934 
5 ACRES ON PLEAS AN TO N RD. neor V illa re t, ow ner financed 
HUGHES 8, BRISCOE 
924-4331 REALTO RS 
1 663-5597 

N O D O W N 
4 large bedrooms, 2 baths, double garage, rnrp»t#d. apphonres, in 
John Joy HS areo. MoVT IN no down VA, or assume $189 per 

 m° NEAR LACKLAND 
VERY UTT ti EQUITY takes this 2 year ok), 3 bedroom home. 
Owner soys "Bring me on offer on equity ond assume, no qualifying." Borgoin Buy! 
REALTORS 
6 7 4 - 3 5 5 2 
H O D S D O N A ASSOC. 
KEY GR O U P 

2 1 4 -HOUSES SOUTHEAST 

A ll B ric k , b a rg a in , no dow n to anyone 
4-3-2, low closing, 
D ellcrest. 
LE O N AR D , RE ALTO R S 
333-o44o 
441-3322 
A W IN N E R 
This 3-2-2 Is new on the m a rke t so ta ke a lo o k ! C a th e d ra l c e ilin g , lo rge den w ith firepla ce and g o r­ geous new carpet. F o rm a l dining o r liv in g 
E q u ity and a ssu m e . 
(39,9oo. Nites 826-7468 
Day o r nile 655-6848 
Horlon Southwest Really 

A F F O R D A B LE 
A lm o st new 3 b e d ro o m , 2 both w ith country kitchen. (15oo equity assume VA loan. 454-1234 
RED CARPET 

A F F O R D A B L E 
K I N G S B O R - 
OUGH RID G E 
Choice of two 3 bedroom , garage, c e n tra l h e a t. P a y m e n ts (145. 
H u rry ! This won t last. Hablam os 
Espanol. 
674-6124 
RAE Real Estate 

AU CASH YOU NEED $25o 
V alley Hi, 3 bedroom s, 2 baths,. 
No qua lifyin g. M ove in today! 
674-222oo B GONZALES828-5884 

SPRING SPECIAL 

Country living Boerne area 2 deluxe homes you better see! 
Reduced to builders cost for im­ mediate sale ond possession. 

$59,9oo reduced ta $49,9oo. 
$79,5oo reduced to $69,9oo. 
Cool living in oak studded setting, next to Boerne"s new lake. 

C all collect 

 f -249-2382,249-2764 

231 
INVESTMENT PROPERTY 

BOERNE AREA 

IIVI ON CIBOLO C aff Kl Two beautiful propertter situated en rise creek. Ckw, on a deep lot hoc 
4 bedroom*. 
2V$ bottu living, dining com­ bination 3o' long and a fami­ ly room 2o*2oTCountry-tica kitchen, ad built-in. Offered et 
(Od 5oo. 
Second hee 
I bedroom*. 
3 bath* and a big fireplace in tho living 
... coxy, paneled rtudy and a spader!*, redwood dock overcooking rn huge, 
•prink tared left 882 .3oo 

OVIR TWO ACTIS! lech of tho** homo* I* located on 2 phi* acre* ... one, built of native rock he* 3 bedroom*, 
2 beth* and a febuteu* kit­ chen. A living room 18*14 with a fireplace ... coiariutn and a lovely loth Lilted at 
845.95o. Tho other homo, a 
■pllt-level with Bropieto* in both tho Hying room ond family room. ha* 
4 bedrooms 3 baths and a 
•undock I 
Kitchen 
19*171 te m ond beautiful ocdcri O t­ tered at 887,(oo. CoH 344- 
oo22. 

G q p C M p m a n O k 
I 
REALTORS 
A 

CANYON LAKE 
5 ACRE TRACTS 

 lake facilities and boat romps near by Ponoramn views, many large oak trees. $18oo per are and up SeB 3o% below market value. Up to IS years to pay at 
8% 
For a p p o in tm e n t call 
4 9 7 -3 5 7 1 
1 -8 9 9 -2 1 8 1 

232 FARMS AND RANCHES 

. 58 ACRES 
Between IH37, M ilita ry D rive, and 
Loop 41o, less th a n IO m in u te s ! fro m d o w n to w n . F o r s a le o r| trade. Contact Jeff M ille r o r K ent 
Hicks. 

 lANDMADK. REALTORS 
69o-95o2 

232 FARMS AND RANCHES 

N E A R L A C K L A N D . C lean 4 be ­ droom , 1% bath home, centro! a ir and heat, c a rp e tin g and a ll a p ­ pliances (155o equity and assume 
7%% VA loan. 674-5411 
RED CARPET 

OFF F IN N RD. 3 bedroom s, cen­ tra l a ir, stove. (2oo down. 
694-742o Slater Realty 
344-o934 

AMERICANA 
Close ta K e lly, 3-1-1. c e n tra l a ir, a pp lia nces, fenced, c a rp e t w a ll- to -w a ll, F irs t tim e lis te d . F irs t paym ent M ay, $217. 
674-6126_______ RA E Real E stole 
B E H IN O V A L L E Y H I M A L L . 3 bedrooms, 2 baths, (2oo down. 
694-742o Slater R ealty 
344-o934 

3 bedroom , 2 baths near S. Pre- 
SO-St. T ereso A ca dem y 923 o783, 
224-784o. A M E R IC A N R E A L T Y 

(OFF B A N D E R A RO. 3 2-2. fir e ­ place. (275 down. 
696-742o Slater R ealty 
484-4169 
O FF BLANCO 
* t b lo c k s to bus. 2-1-2, c a rp e t, c o rn e r lo t. N o th in g down to a n ­ yone 475-1691, 342-7435. 474-1777 
P O IN TER R E A L ESTATE 
• • • • o f f Blanco, on Ridgewood, corner, J bedroom , separate d in ­ ing, no down, S14.5oo. Hablam os 
Espanol! 
923 19o4 A R C IN IE G A R E A L T Y 

B E L L , R E A LT O R S 222-9495. .on hwy 281S J bedroom on I acre. 
51o,ooo. Ring B E L L _____________ 
B E L L , R E A L T O R S 222 9495.. 2 bedroom. W heatly Hi. (15,ooo 
B E L L , R E ALTO R S 222 9495 we sell FH A, VA homes Easy buys. 
B E LL, RE ALTO R S 222 9495. Vets see 1o15 S Pine (12,95o__________ 

B E L L A IR E , B E A U T IF U L 3 BE 
C R O O M J 4 o M E , c o m p le te ly re d e c o ra te d O w n e r a n x io u s , priced to sell fast. 
HUGHES A BRISCOE 
924-4331 
REALTOR S 
333 9358 
B E L L , R E A LT O R S 222 9495...S. 
Son, corner 4 bedroom (1o.5oo b e l l , R e a l t o r s 222-9495. ah 
Cash B a rg a in s , 3-4 b e d ro o m s , from , (3,95o up...R ing B E L L 

O FF S.W. SOTH. 3-1-1, carpet, one a ir u n it. Low e q u ity , p a ym e n ts 
(123 m o., (15,ooo o r best o ffe r. 
C h a rle s 
W a tts 
R e a l 
E s ta te 
732-2918, 732-5355. 228 91o4. 

3.82 ACRES, in B a n d e ra Ranch 
A cres, O ff H W Y 14. C o m p le te ly fenced w ith gate, and stock pond. a b e a u tifu l h o m e s ite , w ith h ill c o u n tr y a tm o s p h e re . P h o n e 
484 2844 o tte r 5:3o PM.__________ 
2 a cre s in C h ino G ro ve , paved frontage, u tilitie s a vailab le (71oo 
481-3169 

CANYON LAKE 
Westhaven Subdivision 
PWV AYI ARIA WITH SICUWTY 

Owner setting 28oo Sq Ft., split level, Lakeview H rock ond Vt ceder home 3-2VY baths • 2 tor garage 
Central heat and air, carpel, drapes, lorge family room with cathedral ceiling, fireplace and 
Mony Extras! 
CAU 1-899-7866 ANTTILA! 

EAST OF BOERNE 
1 
» • — -»■' 
O ff S lo t* 46—A b e a u tifu l 4 be ! f f t U V I I N I H F d ro o m hom e 
In th e 
H ills on 5 
W W f i l i i U tllL ■ 
A c re s !— (9o,ooo—P lease c a ll us •H IL L S ID E LOT • B E A U T IF U L for fu rth e r Inform ation! 
« .v,ew ” * 14oo Easv Term s 
341-4491 
Nites 484-4154, 694-7892 * Large Lot - Trees N eor Lake 
G EORGE FLOOD, R E ALTO R S I 
* nd h®o* 
Easy Term s 

 f^ 6 r s a l e b y o w n e r . H u t 
C o p t . E . J o n e s 

__________ 9 2 3 -6 2 1 1 ___________ 
CANYO N LA K E 
For sale beau t i t ul w ooded le v e l lo t, u tilitie s 

<WT FARM I RANCH 
REAL ESTATE 

APPROXIMATELY 26oo ACRES N E. 
LA SAILE CO With Fno River fron­ tage 
2 nice mobile homes. 
Garage, hunting stands, numerous small fields. Excellent huntinq ond fishing. Small por­ tion of minerals. $365 per one with good terms 

ATI ACRES IA SAUE CO. * 
Mile Nueces River frontage, 5 miles West of Cotulla 18o Acres irrigated farmland, nice house overlooking small lake Excellent hunting and fishing with many r 

 ad improvements '/? minerals real showplace $8oo per acre with good owner financing. 
LEE PETERS - I —879-2759 
P.O. Box 563, Cotulla, Tx. 
78o1A 

BOERNE AREA 

WOOOiD ACREAGE - Choice 
3 to 2o Acre tracts in beautiful 
Mountain Spring Farms 3 miles from Boerne Highly restricted. 
Owner financed. 

ROCK AND BRICK HOWS with fireplace under construction on tree covered acres with fan­ tastic views. 551,9oo to $79,9oo 
Buy now, choose color coordi­ nates. 

HOMES 
IN 
BOERNE from 
$22,5oo to $33,SOO. 

OTHER ACREAGE TRACTS, large oaks, streams from $1,77$. 
HILL COUNTRY 
REALTY 
424 Main St. 
Boerne, Tx. 

1 -249-2o31 c o m a 

9 ACRES 
Just inside W ilson Co O nly 17 m l. from Loop 41o. Also Texas V e te r­ ans land avail. 
344-4248 
341-4566 
695-3113 
CONNALLY 
R E A L E S T A T E IN C . 

 c o u n try a cre a g e , betw e en S A ond Conyon Lake, 828-2674______ 

 nAROFN R in fiF 
Lovoiv n iib ric k i i } «« n in v .iv a v a ila b le . R e a s o n a b le o r w ill 
Lovely an O rick 4-2-2 on a lovely ,r „ n . ni<-i,lin i , llr s elevated acre, 2 livin g areas and g re e n h o u s e 
C o u n try p r iv a c y w ithout isolation N ITE S 824 446o 

 north loop inc. 
I TAD C i l l c 
• on 
REALTOR S MLS 
828-5636 

ST. MARY’S UNIV. is o n ly ' 1 b lo ck fro m th is 3 be ­ droom , 1 bath hom e priced to sell at only (15,9oo O wner w ill C orry. 
F o r d e ta ils a n d v ie w in g , c a ll 
342-4)15 A N Y T IM E 
WORLD WIDE REALTY 

O F F B L A N C O 2-1-1, p a r tia lly fu rn is h e d h o m e . L o w e q u ity , m o n th ly 
o 2 o .3 2 . 
(1 5 ,7 5 o . 
C H A R L E S W A T T S R E A L E S ­ 
TATE 732-2918. 732-5355. 228-92o1. 
732-7184 
_______________ 

S u nset H ills A ttr a c tiv e , 3 b e ­ dro o m , 2 b a th , c a rp e t, d ra p e s , fe n c e d y a rd . G ood c o n d itio n . 
N o rth s id e S chools. A rth u r V a n ­ m an 
Realty 
224-9245. a ft 
4 
433 2447 
_____________ _ 

OPP LOCKHILL SELMA 
E legan t b ric k hom e in secluded neighbcrhood 4 bedroom . 2 bath obis 27 X 13 garden room . E xce l­ lent condition. 822-5228. 828 5*71. 
Strauder Nelson Realty 
O FF VA N C E JA C K S O N ! Beau jarful home to show New drapes, shodes. c a rp e ts in c lu d e d . 4 B e­ droom s. 2* > baths, paneled fa m ily roam , fire p la ce Spacious liv in g , 1 tot m al am ma Designer gourm et j k itc h e n . 25' X 14 g a m e ro o m . 
(75,ooo. 824-8121 A N Y T IM E 
ROSOW & KLINE 
RE ALTO R S SO Y ears p l TRUST 

OPP WEST AVE 
192* 
W 
R id g e w o o d 
H o m e redecorated inside and out + g a r­ age opt. Assum e VA loan D avid 
Foeti, R E A LT O R 149-4195, Eves 
344-5o42_______________________ 

TE NN IS AN YO N E 
L a rg e 4-3-2, custom b u ilt hom e w ith te n n is c o u rt, 2ox4o heated poo l, d re a m house, h o rse ru n , tack room Y o ur eves w ill sparkle when you see this one neor UTSA. 
P riced a t o 55.ooo Conventional 
Century 21 
W H ITE H E A O -f’.O L IliA Y 
3417115 
R EALTO R S 

THE CRITICS 

BIG HO M E-LOW E Q U ITY 
3 bedroom . 2 bath, double garage, lo cate d in L a ke sid e , th is w o n 't la st! N iles 653-7487. 
Century 21 
HAP RESER 653-6182 A n ytim e 

P A N E LE O DEN 
F irst tim e on m a rk e t! Carpeted 3 bedroom cutey. Range, re frig e r­ ator, m any e xtra s. V A no down, only (2o,ooo 
B R IG H A M R E A L T Y 673-14o1 
RAINBOW H ILLS . 4-2-2, w ith c a r­ pet, c e n tra l o ir-h e a t, p a tio and fenced yard. good neighborhood. 
475-2152 
RED CARPET 

SPICE WOOD 3-2-1, ce n tra l heat a ir, ra n g e , c o v e re d p a tio . (134 mo. 7% in te re st, (18,25o o r best otter. Charles W atts Real Estate 
732-2918, 732-5355, 228-91o4. 

2 ACRES LAVERNA 
A ll utilities. 4 tra cts on 1. ac ee 
828 o445 
736-1766 
734-4117 
WATSON A SON REALTO R S 
2o* i Acres, 77 m iles east of San 
A ntonio, on IH-1o. (15,ooo to ta l 
Call 
5:-7: AM and 8 :1 2 
P M 
7364417 s i ACRES: 7 rn I " 'N W O r ~ b bp 41o n ea r developing co m m u n ity. No re s tric tio n s P le n tifu l w a te r sup­ p ly . B e a u tifu l o a ks a n d e lm s . 
7* 2°<> fin a n c in g a v a ila b le 
P rice n eg otiable dep endin g on te rm s. 
Contact owner 344-29o3 between 
4 7pm. 
15 A C l*E $: i m i out Of City lim its on IBI So. (15oo per acre, easy term s 924 4664, 623 1932_________ 
5 ACRES near Helotes, good well, fence, tre e s, e le c tric ity (2o,ooo w ith (4,ooo down 2o yrs at 8* i% . 
695 89o5; 495-32o5 

HELOTES 
4 Acres Plus. B e autifu l H ill, can see to the N orth Pole ond to the 
M exican B o rde r. Sell, w o rth the 
M o n e y . F in a n c e d b y o w n e r. 
695 89o5; 495 32o5. 

Helotes Creek Ranch 
B eautiful hills, fanta stic view, all t r a c t s iz e s to s u it y o u . E a s v te rm s, fin a n c in g a v a ila b le . C a ll anytim e 349 45o6, 341-4561 
5 H ill C ountry acrea (225 down paym ent, (34 89 per mo B eautiful v ie w s , b ig t r ees.7>«% s im p le inter Coll 734 7944 
___________ 
Hom esite* fro m I to 5 acres, south of San Antonio in p re tty sub d iv i­ sion. P rice from (35oo to (1o,ooo. 
924-8115, 337 4927 
H Y A T T R E A L E S TATE 

 trade for late model pickup truck in good condition 732-7782________ 

CANYON LAKE BEAUTY! 
In Tam arack Shores w ith full lo- keview. New 14x76, tastefully fu r­ nished. 2 bed roo m , 2 bath FH A 
Mobile Home, on lo rge tree stud­ ded lot, central heat-air, 12x12 sun deck, re frig e ra to r plus m any ex­ tra s . S u b-d ivision has e x ce lle n t p r iv a te p o o l, p a rk s a n d b o a t la unching fa c ilitie s . M ust see to appreciate. A bargain at $24,3oo1 
DAY OR N IT E 655-6848 
Monon Southwest Beany 

43 
A C H S 
On nmar IH35 with Mil-fop view, all util, avail, ond ownar 

V oO + ' a CHIS with tank, trop*, wMi creak fro— and lot* of daar. 
Owl t o r t e * river ranch with many improvement*, miner­ al* intact and ha* lorn* ga* production. IxcaHent for car­ li* and hunting. 
GUY THOMPSON 
REAL ESTATE 
1o38 Lo,Plaza Bldg , Seguin Tx. 
658 8444 
Eve I-379-7582 
Of BILL SMITH 1-379 o189 Eve 

CANYON LA K E 
Like new, 2 bedroom bouse, year a ro u n d o r seaso nal • p le n ty of oaks ond shade • cool. w ith ram ps a n d te n n is a ls o . 517,2oo. J E 
M ORRIS, 1-899-2181. 
CANYON LA K E —BY OWNER 
5 acres on paved rood ove rlo o k­ ing lake, near boat launch. Lots of tre e s , w a t e r - e le c t r ic it y , w ill divide, finance 494-2727, 494 1931 
C a n y o n L a k e , new L a k e v ie w hom e, (65,ooo. W eekend hom e, 
$22,5oo 
LA K E H O M E 
R E A LT Y 
I 964-319o 

Absolutely beautiful, secluded 54o acre H ill Country ranch Creeks, la rge oaks, and elms, w ild game 
O nly $395 per acre, w ith te rm s 
Ranch M arket (512) 824-o156. 

68 RC Castroville Rrea 
Furnished 2-2* i-2, guest house barn, stall, pens, ow ner c a rry 
828 o665 
73*1 7t766 
534 4439 
WATSON A SON REALTOR S 

$2oo TO TAL M OVE IN 
3 b e d ro o m , sto ve re frig e ra to r. 
(153 Near K e lly • F irs t paym ent in May. Hablam os Espanol. 
674-4126 
RAE Real Estote 

B E L L , R E ALTO R S 222 9495. tw o bedroom on 122 P a rm ly , FH A -V A 
o n lv on# )ett 
511,ooo 
VALLEY HI 
Btl $2o total m ove in. 3 
(1 (5 m onth. 

B Y O W N E R , B e lla ire E d itio n . 
3-b e d ro o m , 2 b a th , c o rn e r lo t. 
(25oo dow n, (175 Mo ow ner w ill tinonce. A tt. 5pm 922-oo57_______ 
D e llc re s t, a ll b ric k , c o rn e r lo t, 
3-2-2, liv in g room , d in in g room , fa m ily room , b reakfast area. 
LE O N A R D , RE ALTO R S 
333-o44o_________________ 661 3322 J 

DON’T BRING MONEY 
B rin g your paint brush. No down p a y m e n t to a n y o n e . 3-4 B e ­ droom s, 2 baths, som e w ith a ir and a p p lia n ce s. P a y m e n ts less than rent. 
BOB OePAOLO 
344-3o91 
R E ALTO R 
D U P L E X 2-l-C P an c o rn e r lo t in d ivid u a lly fenced y a rd Range, disposal and double sin k. Good investm ent. Total (26.5oo 
Century 21 
R.R. RANSOM R E A L T Y 473 77o1 
D U P LE X + HOME 
Alw ays rented-ow ner finance 
533-1oo9 Responded R lty 654 5647 

By owner, 3 bedroom . 2 bath. In 
V A L L E Y HIGH NORTH. C entral h ea l a ir, N o rth sid e schools, low eauity and assum e pa ym e n ts of 
$278 mo. 675-o937._______________ 
C O N V E N E IN T to K e lly a n d 
La ckla n d . No dow n p a ym e n t to anyone. 3 bedroom , heat a ir, ap ­ pliances 
Paym ents less than rent. 
BOB O ePAOLO 
532-5251_______________R E ALTO R 
COZY BUNG ALOW . 3 bedroom s. stove (2oo down H u rry ! 
694-742o Slater R ealty 
484-6149 
O O L L H O U S E . 3 b e d ro o m s , op- 
1 alienees, 
(2oo dow n. 
M ay paym ent 
694-742o Slater R ealty 
344-o934 
1 (7oo DOWN 3 bedroom s, garage, 
I May firs t paym ent. 
694-747o Slater R ealty 
344 o934 

I T F 7 T 
1 5pm 

 b ed roo m s, fenced 
F irst P aym ent M ay 
674-6126_______ RAE Req! Estote 
V A L L E Y HI 3-1-1, ranee, fridge, d is h w a s h e r a n d fe n c e d y a rd . 
Equity and assume (157 per mo. 
Century 21 
R R RANSOM R E A L T Y 673 77o1 
W alk to Lackland 
Recently rem odeled, 3-2-Attached garoge, a ir, carpet, w a sh e r-d rye r connections, convenient to school and shopping center, equity and assum e 7% no te , 474-1256, a tt 
4pm, oil doy wknds NO A G E N T S . 
W A LK TO S E C U R IT Y G A TE bedrooms, stove. $2oo down 
694-/42o Slater Realty 
349 9278 

5 ACRES 
Near Somerset. C ountry liv in g at its best. Have garden and some 
I c h ic k e n s a n d b e a u tifu l tre e s , i Cecil O rrick 
Don Smith B ro ke r 
735-8ooo 

51 ACRES NIN 
I Trem endous view W ill subdivide. 
; Located near Leon Springs. Cecil 
: O rrick 
Don Sm ith B ro ke r 
735-8ooo 
19 ACRES O FF IH Io EAST Near 
I U niversal 
C ity, good land. 
I 658-3396. 
, S Acres, 4oo on perm anent creek, j huge trees. 2mi Canyon lake. Jim 
| Ashley R ealty 226 7774 
1 IO A cre s, p le n ty of ook tre e s , j com pletely fenced, 14X7o' m obile hom e, double c a rp o rt, 2 b a rn s, qreen house, w o rk s h o p . U tility room 488-35oo 
! 
134 ACRES 

IO Acres, 3-1 ’ i m obile fui well, septic, born, trees 
828-o665 
736-1766 
675 o629 
WATSON A SON REALTO R S 
LARG E A LL BR IC K HOME 
I On 4 acres 3-2. A ll room s large 
P a n e lin g th ru -o u t. D ra p e s ond appliances. Texas size bbq Well w ith w in d m ill. T re e s 
A bout 43 
| m iles south of 41o (54,75o 

KorZekWa Realty 349 3151 

: 
LARG E B U IL D IN G SITE 
I m ile north fro m Loop N W de 
E V E R Y T H IN G Y O U 'V E E V E R 
(s ire d lo c a tio n , d e e p s o il a n d I W A N TE D , is in this perfect WA wooded area W ater, e le c tric ity , f TE R FR O N T home on Lake LBJ la n d phone. Paym ents of (42.79 of 
E x tra large room s w ith color co 

C A N Y O N L A K E 
M O B IL E L O T 
1o,ooo sq ft la nta stic view. Pool, boat ra m p ne a r bv. (14oo, (IOO down, 78 mo. a t $21.43 APR 8%. 
M E L M IL L E R 
226-2324 c a n y o n S p r i n g r e s o r t , 2 lo ts, back to b a c k , ea a p p ro x i lOOSa FL Access to re cre a tio n a l area P rice d of $4ooo to $375o w ill sellboth to r (2ooo or (3ooo ea 
I 342 2477. 

172 AC 6 MI. Sol 41o 
32 acres coastal, barn, 6o ac brush 
828-o66S 
736-1744 
675-o629 
WATSON A SON REALTO R S 

K e w T C re « iJ !^ T ^ 5 ra ru n « !r proved but cleared land On cor­ ner paved EM and unimproved road 
South of Poteet approximately 
414 acres, two tanks, two 35o ft. wells, peanut ottotmenf. Frontage on 2 roads 
Days, 349-4343 rates, 735-4128 ar 494-1832 
DEANIE 
OWENS CO. 
K AHO*-MIS 
Rd. Oft. 

COUNTRY LIVING 
21 acres in coastal, rood fro n ta g e , neor 
C alaveras. 
Low p rice , 
525.ooo. 
684 6444 
N iles 684 o135 

TERRILL REALTY 
REALTORS__________ 
M LS 
5,443 Deeded a cre s, 18 m in u te * fro m dow ntow n S A., on d iv id e d 
US Hwy. 13oo irrig a te d acre s in cultivation or in coastal berm uda. 
P ro p e rty h ig h ly im p ro v e d w ith good pote n tia l to r de ve lo p m e n t, 
's m m e r a ls to be c o n v e y e d . 
C h a p a rro s a A g ri-S e rv ic e , 2ooo 
NBC 
Bldg. 
Son 
Antonio, 
T x 
512-227 51o1. 
D E V IN E A R E A . B e a u tifu l b ric k on 2 5 acres, 3 bedroom , 2 bath, double ca rp o rt. 18x27 liv in g area 
.w it h B en F r a n k lin f ir e p la c e . 
• lo rn . 
L a rg e w o rk s h o p , g o o d w a ll, fa rm (5oo down paym ent, nnv>ri rnnrl P rirs rt reduced 
$78 per mo. Irrig a te d fa rm land in 
Texas H ills. N ear highw ay, well furnished Call fo r appointm ent to see 734 9598 
7o A C R E F A R M N E A R N E W 
BR A U N FE LS . O wner financed 
177 Acre fa rm near Devine, $4oo per acre, 29% down. 
684-4211 or 751 9943 
PIO N E E R R E A L T Y 
42 acre live oak h ill*. Joins hun. ranch, dee r-tu rkey. $395 per ocre. 
Liberal term s. 1-894 244o_________ 
6o A cres, $1,2oo an a cre . N e a r 
Devine, 674-678o 

(1,9oo-eauity, 674-3494 Oft 

O lm o s O ' im m a c u la te I b e ­ droom!.. paneled den. fo rm a l din- ■ m g , lo v e ly k itc h e n , g a ra g e . ■< w o rk s h o p fe n c e d y a rd , tre e s j galore VA FH A Call Ann 
[RA 
JACK MITCHELL 
5 3 fr3 W R tq llg r 
648:31&7 

ON A CUL DE SAC in beautiful E nchanted Forest. A ' d re a m of a fa m ily hom e in the I t yer pop ular C h u rch ill A rea Gat j tpntastic buy. 

P LA N T S 'N THING S 
I writ be happy an shuttered poi ch, ; 
2 1. dining, Big liv in g roam 
MAC R E A L ESTATE 828 2521 
PO PULAR FO REST OAKS 
M o o r M e d ic a l C e n te r, ta rg e i hom ey 4-2-2 w ith shod ev y o rd . tor ae la m iiy s ite den. pius fo rm a l 
•ra g s . Assum e law in te re st note 
• r new loan (4 3 54o 
Also have lovely 3-2-2 a t (19.9M. 
• CANTERA I t LO A R E A e n te d ta r q u ic k s a le a t o n ly 
(28,988 L o v e ly 3 2 2. la rg e lie 
(uBriien area Assume tow in terest nato w ith paym ents under (225. 
HUGE OAK TR EES 
S hades 1,4 a c re s o u ts id e c ity lim it* on B andera Rd. O ver 25,oo8 sa ti., 4 Bedrooms. 2 Baths, 2 fire ­ places. m odern hem e M any ex- t r o t and only 471,ooo 
Century 21 
W hitehead-Holiday 
o84 3711 
R E ALTO R S 

PREST IGI LOCATION y o u r w o rld of to m o rro w c o n eegtn w ith this lovely Custom built 
3 B e d ro o m h om e in e x c lu s iv e 
C a ttie H ills T errace. F o rm a l Ira- ma roam, separate am ine roam , to r t e den w ith fire p la c e , F LU S lovely b illia rd rootm See this anet 
344 8348 
G r a c e A rn o ld 
REALTOR S M L I psssn 

COTTA MINUTF? 
Cam e taka a look a i this 2 s to ry 
C o lo n ia l c h a rm e r in p o p u la r I 
N orthw est area 4-1-2 w ith fa m ily ream nape covered patio, ond an pun tree that s at least IOO years a id AU ah a carder let 441.9o8 
C e n tu ry 21 v c mnndef R e o ily ----------- j t t f t t f 

 m ANC H STYLE HOME has tire a lu re Beemari ceilin g in fa m ily ro a m ! L iv in g dram a c o rn b in d lie n e Badegems. I Baths M any 
&X- 
M A L TORS 
444 4811 
Suy Ctiipman Co 

KT ADY TI MOYE IN! 
Aril b ric k « B4droom , g x g c u liv a 
Burnt. T w o n r s a lt ie s , gag rn m a s te r B e d 'earn. U m d s c e p m a and exte rio r d e te r at IBs tm gxl de mg p roud earner af Ib is hee nam e ta Matty woad Perk 
34* 43*3 •> 34* 3511 Anytime 
Deanie Owens Co 
M A A T g j A A t a a s jli - Q M 

WOULD LOVE IT 
A n d y o u 'll be p ro u d to c a ll it home Super 4 bedroom . 2' i bath ond den w ith w et b o r, fu ll w a ll fireplace, corner lot in Son Pedro 
Hills. And over 235o sa it priced to setl today! 
C all 349-1436 A n ytim e 
BASSE WEILBACHER 
INC. REALTOR S_______ 
THE SU M M IT, BY OWNER 3-2 2, fire p la c e , dra p e s, c a rp e t, la rg e pan try, p riv a c y lence 694-2472 

T H E S U M M I T 
NEW L IS T IN G ! Rock and cedar. 
3-2-2, ONE LIV IN G w ith fireplace, bookshelves, eat in kitchen, large m aster suite w ith firepla ce sitting room (44,2oo 
49o-9(o2 
GREAT AMERICA 

R E A L T O R S 

T H U N D E R B IR D V IL L A G E 
W ell kept 3-2-1. fre s h ly pa in te d and carpeted! F o rm a l livin g , k it­ c h e n w ith b r e a k fa s t a re a . 
RE DU C ED to (3o.ooo 
49o-98o2 
GREAT AMERICA 

R E A L T O R S 
Tw in Creek, bv owner, 14oo sa ft a iry , s u n n y , 3-2-2, c a rp e tin g , cath e d ra l ce ilin g s, fire p la c e , pa­ tio. dining room , b re a kta stn o o k, 
7 r*. Coli 349 4o75 anytim e 
T w in C re a k 3-1-2 b r ic k , la n d s ­ caped. m any features, (269 mo., toke 2nd lain 484-4892________ __ 
T w o M A S TE R SU ITES in 4 be 
Croom, 3 bath home on beautiful 
1 ta t! L iv in g d in in g c o m b in a tio n plus fa m ily roam , c o v e rtd patio. 
(48,(88 
RE ALTO R S 
494 7771 

EXCELLENT CONDITION 

In Westwood Village 
3 -1 1 i c o n v 
M u s t to e To ap preciata. E quity and assum e (177 m onthly paym ents 
675-285o 
Deanie Owens Cn 
REALTOR S * West Otc 
FIRST T IM E LIS T E D 
1-1-1, o ir. appliances and carpet. 
(22o month. 
475-16*1, 
474-1777, 
623 572o 
PO IN TER R E A L ES TATE 

W HY R E N T W H E N YO U CAN 
BUY a beautiful I or 4 bedroom home w ith attached garaae, some w ith appliances. 
No down to anyone 
HUGHES A BRISCOE 

218 HOUSES MOVED_ _ _ _ _ 

RED! BILT HOMES 
New 3 b d rm , J bath homes 
2 B drm ., I both homes 
WE B U IL D A N Y SIZE 
DOOSON LBR.__________ 624 2254 

EA ST C E N T R A L 
B e a u tifu l a ll rock 3-2-2, den. fire p la ce , covered patio, b u ilt ms. Im m a cu la te con­ dition Coll today 
_ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ 
333-4144 
N iles 333-6143 | p<>UR B E D R O O M S , 2 b a th s , 
2 car qarage (244 down No city taxes. 
694 742o Slater R ealty 
644 414* 
G A TE W A Y T E R R A C E , re d e c o r­ ated J I cp fenced, (I7 S dow n. 
(155 mo. 
J A J R E A LT Y 674 8843 A nytim e 
Century 21 
SOUTH EAST REALTO R S 
E a s t C e n tra l, l ' i a c re . 4 be- j broom s 2 baths 

R E N F R O R E A L T Y 
_____________422-3343 
| 
F or Salt- By ow ner, J bedroom , tu lly carpeted, living -dining room , kitchen, paneled, e x tra clean and m any e x tra s ! 54,OOO eq u ity A tt. 
6 OO 533 9987, 
___________ 
FO R S A L E B Y O W N E R , 12oo 
Hays St . B ric k store b u ild in g , 3 rent houses all odioining, (12,5oo. 
S.L M ayes. Box 443, C rysta l C ity, 
Tx 512-374-3448 
FOR SALE OR RENT Bv ow ner, near L a ckla n d K e lly. 1-2-1. elec­ t r ic ra n g e , d is h w a s h e r, c e n t, heat-air, (45o eauity Assume (222 paym ents. 
No 
Agents 
Please 
333-4338_______________ 

Gracious! Ifs Spacious! 
A 3 b e d ro o m s. 2 b a th hom e in 
D ellcrest in M in t C o n d itio n '—l f * n ic e !—F lexible te rm * !—Please 
I call! 
341-4491 
N iles 342-75(7, 694-134) I 
G EOROE FLO O D .R E A LT O R S 
H ighland H ills Lovely 2 bedroom . 
: d e ta c h e d a a ra o e . e x tra la rg e fenced lot, eosy te rm s, assum e 
(111 per mo or refinance 
W ill trode. 
BOB OePAOLO 
532 5251_______________R E A LTO R 

~ HIGHLAND HILLS 
Cozy J-i home w ith ce n tra l heat and a ir, w a sher and d ry e r con­ nections, fa m ily roam , b re a kfa st a re a in k itc h e n 
A s s u m e lo w equity S II* m onthly 
Van Buran I Issue 
484-7171 
514-5451 
344 1o89 

GO TO COUNTRY 
L ive in this 2-1, ce n tra l heat and la rg e tre e s, m o sia c ta b le w ith bench BBQ, la rg e fa m ily room , liv in g and dining room com bine lion (17,ooo 
Van Buran & Issue 
484-771 
694-5894 
699 4o44 
— H E R IT A G E F A R M • • 
N othing down to anyone! Clon I bedroom . 2 bath. 2 ca r g a ra a e . 
, carpeted. ce n tra l air-heot. 
(4o,5oo 
921 19o4 
A R C IN IE G A R E A LT Y 

(2) 4 Room fra m e houses, to be sold and move, A tte r 5 w kdavs, all doy Sunday. 344-7(34 
6 SM ALL 2 BEDR OO M HOMES 
$3,ooo each One t i b d rm , t i k it­ chen. I t b a th s. 2 o x l7 4 tt M o te l 
Bldg M oved (14.o4o 624-2256. 
To be moved- House (125o sa.ti ) cedar shakes on roof, solid wood, new point, m ust sell 828-8o5o 
TO M OVE 
4 Room Home, beau tifu l and s tu rd y 
(45oo P A CO. 
473-2(73, 533-9498.______________ _ 

Rio M edina on 
R iver. (15oo A cre SM 4711 
8 A C R E S w ith b e a u tifu l 4 be droom , 
3 bath home, ce n tra l heot-oir 
JE R R Y 
BACON 
R E ALTO R S 
1-742 3281 
422 3735 
622 3295 
622 1323 

ALMOST AN ACRE 
HIU C ountry M obile Home site, IS m in 
N o rth on San P e dro O nly 
(2 1oo. (IOO d o w n . (21 44 p e r m o n th ., a t 8 *» fo r 144 m onths 
T h is one w o n t la s t lo n g 
C a ll to d a y ! 494 3419 • L A K E C R O F T 
R E A L ESTATE 

7°, s im p le in te re s t a fte r s m a ll down pm ! Le* P elter, 679-7229 

LARGE COUNTRY HOMES 
C u s to m b u ilt 1-3 A c re s . O a k tr e e s , h i l l c o u n t r y . N o r t h - 
N o rth w e s t. H o m e s re a d y to m o v e in to . F in a n c e d . W e c u s t o m b u i ld . H a v e 1 -3 -5 a c r e t r a c t s a v a ila b le . W e c o n s id e r t r a d e s . S a w y e r 
C o n s t. C o. 
733-o4o9 
494-2743 
LARG E T R A IL E D LOT (467o 
11 ocre, hove others 
734-1744 
828o465 
698 2o)o 
WATSON A SON REALTOR S 

INSIDE 16o4 
Jo n e s - M a lts b e r g e r fro n ta g e north of Thousand O ak*. 72 acres, reasonable term s. 
O wners anxious 
J M. Cullm an, R ealtor 
512-344 2341 

 ordm ated drapes, carpeting and w a lls 
E a ch ro o m has s lid in g glass door onto a g a rd e n -ro o m p a tio 
C e n tra l h e a t- a ir , h a s ! h u m id ifie r. D o uble b o a t house j and e x tra boa t slip fo r guests ; 
P ric e d rig h t. C a ll B e tty B row n 
512 (98-5257 
Fox Gibbs 
Real 
Estate 

E x c e lle n t c o n d itio n , c h a n n e l v ie w , fu rn is h e d h om e in P o rt 
Aransas Asbestos siding. 2 story, i 3 bedrooms, 3 baths, 2 co r garage, 
2 b lk * to th e b e a c h . S4S.ooo. 
I 732-4o55, 824 6674._______ ________ 
P l C la rk S p rings m e m b e rsh ip 
I 523oo cash, assume 512oo a1 532.52 p e r m o ., 5 )3 d u e s p e r m o . 
822 3441; 653-92)2 
HOME W IT H 276 ft w a te rfro n t 
! F au ries Sub No 2. In protected cove Has ow n good w ell. 3 out b u ild in g s fo r sto ra g e 
Has own boat la unch C om plete w ith sea w all and dock 
684-4211 or 751 9943 
P IO N E E R R E A L T Y 

3 AND 4 BEDROOM 
HOMES ON ACREAGE 
S e ve ra l new nom e* on l ' i to 2 acre tra cts now being constructed in 
T R A lL W O O D 
A d d itio n a l acreage or lots to b u ild on also a vailab le 15 m iles N o rthw e st of 
W onderland out IH IO. 

DON SMITH CO. 
498-2241 
BR OKER 
498 244o 

BOB JONES, REALTOR 
M edina R iver, 2 tra c ts on water. 
54oo pave d ro a d , tre e s, u tilitis down- 548 mo 344-6187 
NEAR & 6 E R N E , acreage tracts 
Owner financed 
484 4211 o r 751 9943 
P IO N E E R R E A L T Y ______ 

NEAR CALAVERAS LAKE 
5 acres bea utiful oaks, good soil. fro n ts on county road-ow ner fin anced 
B ill 
H a rpe r 
494-7412, 
344 2514 
L a k e 

 lake LBJ Sunrise Beach 
B e a u tifu l b u ild in g site O ver J« a c re , 1o7 It fro n ta g e on w a te r w ith p a n o ra m ic v ie w of m a in lake Concrete bulkhead, fishing dock w ith two boat slips. 517,95o 
Call 494-5762 

TF 

We Buy Houses To BE M oved 
428 1459 
922-4113 

724 Holists, m t pa a tli 

HOMES 

Gut c u m i n C l m w 
* * 

UNIVERSITY OAKS 
Like now, b ric k 3-2-2 on corner lot 
E lectric kitchen open liv in g area 
W a lk ta e le m e n ta ry s c h o o l. 
I 518.9oo 
E rie 
Nagel. 
*94-53)o. 
6**7712 
PROFESSIONAL HEWEL 
U N IV E R S ITY PARK AR EA 
; Just listed, a 3 bedroom home en 
O v e rh ill D r 
P le n ty at stara ae. 
735 555o, 733 7141 
LM . F U I CU 
I UTSA AREA-- This 4 bedroom. 4 
I beth Otters q u a lity co n stru ctio n 
I E n terta in gracio usly in the tor mat j living roam and separate d ining j OI relax in the w a rm tom rty room 
F rom every room leek eat ta the j b e a u tifu l auk tre e d la n d sca p e d g ro u n d s 
E v e ry e x tra w ill he fo und in th is d e v e lo p e r s ow n j noms see,see 
3431211 
I A N Y T IM E . 
ROSOW & KLINE 
; REALTOR S (Q Y .g r* pl TRUa I 

WHISPERING OAKS 
You ti like Nu* light ond 1 hoof tut kitchen w ith itia n d coak ted also la rg e dm atte w ith bow w indow , tor mat liv in g dining reams, la rge den w ith A re o le t, and barit ins. J large b a d 'warns I lu x u ry baths. m a n y la rg e tre e s ea le v e l le t 
(77.88o 37)5 WtMSdor Path 
Per 

 r n * t f t - m t — --------------------------- 
WWSPtHING OAKS 

A Real m ^ ■ b e d ro o m s , lo v e ly kitchen, la rg e rooms, w w carpet, c e n tra l heat, a b o u t (2oo dow n, 
(1(2 mo includes taxes, etc Bes tor h u rry , Call 
224-8)57 
M2-9338 
344-9424 

MCVEY R E A L ESTATE 
922 17o4 
I 
3-2-2 
Im m a c u la te 3 b e d ro o m , 3 bath 
I hom e w ith double g a ra g e M in- 
I u t** to W ittord H all and bases No down and na closing costs to Vets 1 
BR IG H A M R E A L T Y 6/314o1 
J l l IN A M E R IC A N A C a rp e t. drapes, app lia n ce s, c e n tra l a ir heal, patio in fenced yord. E x tra neat Condition. 475-2152. 
RED CARPET 

3 2 2 IN M E A D O W V II L A G E 
■ c a rp e te d , fire p la c e , c a th e d ra l c o llin e * , m o s t a p p lia n c e s , covered patio in p riv a c y fenced yard. *75-2152. 
RED CARPET 

JUST BECAUSE OF LE N T d tn t give up the opp ortunity at ow ning a lovely 3 a r 4 b ed roo m . 2 bath hom e to r lo w e a u ity a n d p a y m e n t* u n d e r 
S2oo 
C a ll 
128 8195 Soon 
RED CARPET 

JA DISS 
Real Estate 

H ighland H ills, a m ust see, supei m c . J bedroom , country size k it chon. b u ilt-in range, covered pa 
Ila, fru it tra e s g a lo re . VA T H A 
Call Ann 
ERA 
533-31o7 
JACK MITCHELL 
W oollen 
648 33o/ 

HOMES $2oo DOWN! 
MCVEY R E A L ES TATE 
922 1/o6 
HUGE O E N —D E LLC R E S T 
B ric k 3 b e d ro o m , 7 b a th O n ly 
127,ooo N othing dawn GI Boner 
M a rry I 
M I >1(4 
N IT E ! 83o M f) 
W a le r J. Barnebev R E A LTO R 
Near I yttg, I acre, la rg e country hem e, 3 s p a cio u s b e d ro o m *. I both* kingsized den, w ell, sheds refinance Coil Olga 
ERA 
JACK MITCHELL 
513 31o7 
R a g it o r 
Neat M i C itie s * E la n d new lust buri! ) bedr bam 2 bath, carpets, c e n tra l heat, t a i a e t, p ric e d Ie sop. VA PHA Com Ann 

JUST LIS TE D 3-1' i-c a rp o rt, 75% b ric k hom e w ith fe n c e d y a rd . h a rd w o o d flo o rs , and se p a ra te dining 43A2MI 
RED CARPET 
REALTO R S 
I ack lo rd K e lly Area 
Less than rent, anyone can buy. 
1st pym t til M ay Only $7oo total 
1 Closing SE H A B L A ES P A N O L 
M C 
Gonzales 
Reel 
Estate, 
, 6738o35_________________________ 
1 ji- « r . ('« % . 
John 

D o w ntow n D u p le x, c o n v e rts to 
3-2, 315 B u rz e ra , n e a r b u s, s c h o o ls 517,ooo 
B y o w n o r, l2 jM 24£jK >att^pm ^JIL455 4iBi>i^ 

226 SUBURBAN PROPERTY 

DEVINE REALTY 
D e v in e . T e x a s 
1-663-4551 
S A Bitnet Hue 626 12oo 
ACREAGE HO M ESITES 
NW o f San A n to n io in B e x a r, 
Comal, K endall Co t. 1-1»- acres or M ore 
DON SMITH CO 
69o-244o 
BR OKER 
6*o 2241 

ACREAGE TRACTS 
In th * country. N o rth of S A. fro m t ta 3o acres O wner financed Coll 
Jim Hanley, b ro ke r San Antonio. dial dire ct 4*7 3471 A n ytim e 
BULVERDE AREA REALTY 
497 3421 
REALTO R 
1 43o 7442 

7 ACRE ENTIRE MT. TOP 
North, fenced, well, co-op electric, wide* p a v e d ro a d . V ie w m a n y j 
; m iles of d ista n t m o u n ta in scen­ e ry 
M u c h m e r* 
B o b S m ith . 
*9o 2o91. 494 *777_______________ 
8 acre fa rm 55oo down paym ent. 
; 57o per mo Irrita te d fa rm land in i 
Texas H ills N ear hiohw o v. well 
'fu rn ish e d Ca!! ta r n"p*<n*m ent to see 734 95o8 
1% o cre , in Oak V illa g e N o rth ) 
*9 ooo or best otter Coll 824 2884 

ACRE OF OAKS 
E niov cam ping, fishing, canoeing 
^ on this bea utiful woaded sit* rn th * 
H ill C o untry, or build a co u n try heme back In the ta ll tre e *. (2oo dow n. (4S m onth at 7 *i %. Colt 
I Tom T aylor 494 (237 or 342-o(o1 

6 ACRES 
ART 
*749 I 

ERA 
JACK MITCHELL 

W 
W 
T T t l t r t l W 
) buTir nvrK. 
I w ith sepa rate ii vin # and am m a lo am Wet b a i Rreatac# a* tdm riy roam. aa m * roam sprin kle r (vs tem 111,HW Miles 341 1o*2 
S l l l j p f j 
OOM JO M N IO N I* It A i FO H i 
KEY GROUP _ 

 l a i j j g Z - E w - r f e t t l e 
Moor (a m Houston Hi, t-l, (11.9(4 
OM Rigsby A l (11,954 Lew closing 
L E OMARO. R E A L T O R * 
“ -H U S _________________ t i L X U 
N e ca r n e c e s s a ry , id e a l r e lir I em#at, a t tiactive J b d rm b d e **. bus sbaootng. doctor den tist. I i t j u a g g i H i i i i * ______ 
• •••O n R e edie r CL C lean 3 be dream t is 9/s N em m a down Ie anyone* HebtgdMM CtMMMri 
♦“ J " 4 
P .lftlT .T 
• •••O n F re s tw ic b I b ed *e arns, 
( l l 7(8 
Me d e w * *# d o y e n * ! 
Mwuiumes 8 tetanal 1 
•J I 1984 
A R C IN I EG A R OARTY 

L o c k la n d T e rio c e assume or ru tm a n c e ^ M re H san ^71-3144. A tte r 5 6/3 5894 
; 
L a c k la n d T e rra c o , b v a w n e r, 
I 7 3, cent a u -h e a t. cav p a ll* , lo r * * fenced y a rd , IOO% A ustin 
F»gfc-*f« « .-.u a iH » , * * * m s s J . 
LOW EQUITY 
Neat Lackland, P i yr eld reek and a s b e s to s . A s s u m e 1791 m o n th ly. 7%% in te re s t, c e n tra l h « a t a n d a ir , a ll a p p lia n c e s , lanced 3 I CF *21,78* 
Van B u ria t taste 
o84 7171 
344 ) o89 
344 7123 
M C C OLLU M A R E A E x tra m c* 3 bedroom, l ' i bath. den. to r* * let 
VA ar PHA 99)4317, 91* 2913 

R o n o ld W iH io m » o n 
MOVE IN TOOAY 
Vat ani VA ne down. ne n o tin g 
Less th a n ra n t C a rp e t, ste ve , w alk I* n o rth *!# # school o u i!# n te n s o r hoori I m in u te s I* W it 

S i l k " I * ! M il m u s t ( E l ts i t 3 1 1, 1 m A nsar- ii own t ) 8( down. 
J 

A l L OR PART - *74* PER ACRE 
Only m in fro m boat ra m p a l Can yon Lake O wner w ill finance af 
*% simple 
B ill Hughes 
B roker, 
342 18o8 
____________________ _ 
17 A cres a l ( * 4 i acre ori H 'TTT 
P fe ttv oaks, e x c e lle n t h u n tin g . 
Jim Ashley Real E slate 684-43/o 
S A C R E * Betw een San A ntonio and Blanca. (5,9*5. sm a ll down, 
> Iona term finan cing bv awner 
Y W S H m 
.......... 
I acres B ulverde estate*. ' 1 m ile from school 494-5183___________ 
18 A c re * I T of B lo n c e . s m a ii house, good top to il, m c * Ire # * jim Ashley Real E stole 48* 4374 

12 ACRES go w ith this 4ooo sa ff *■ J11 home 
L a i ae d tn , 2 rock fireplaces, el hee, study etc E xce lle nt fencing 
Na reasonable atter refused M ust sell by A p ril I i. 
U M mealies ut Texas 
S A 6 4 rfl5 4 *47 111! 
UNIB 
N I C8IMTRY VIEN 
Nunc he I wonts Le sell near Twin 
Sisters (3718 w ith ewner lin e n mg 
H B G 
Re A l 
B H A V E 
I e f t I I I I 
_______________________ 

APPROX. IOO ACRES 
T a lle y R oad, NW , lu s t IO m in . i fro m San Antonio B eautifu l seen 
IC c o u n try 
J E R R Y B A C O N 
RE ALTO R 
484-2195, 
422 3715, 
621-3313 
A p pro xim ate ly 3 acres H•■dutiful lo cation fo r deve lopem ent Fine homes in m a tu re suburban area 
MAC R E A L ESTATE 828 252) 

BACK TO NATURE 
N orth off the beaten tra c t Lovely 
3 2 den, fire p la c e d h o m e ♦ 7o*27 ga me room -I-swim pool A cres lo roam 494 5711. 494 7o43 
H IL L COUNTRY REALTO R S 

BANDERA 
3 m i south of town, 3 ac on a h ill a s k in g , 52,495, w ill c o n s id e r offers 
B ill 
Hughes, 
B ro ke r, 
349 16*1 
; B e a u tifu l b ric k hom e on 2 a cre j c o rn e r lo t 
Too m a n y liv e oak 
1 trees lo count L iv in g room , din mg room , fa m ily room w ith fire ­ place, la rge kitchen, I bedroom s. 
I 2 fu ll baths, opprox 277o sq ti lie- 
1 mg area plus 574 sa ft gorage and j u t ilit y ro o m 
P A U L H O W E L L 
R E A L E S T A T E S , 113 W O a k ­ la w n , 
Pleasanton, 
Tx 
549-2175, 
I 569 3488 

BEAUTIFUL VIEW 
> Oak tree studded acre, to m iles j n o rth of to w n 
H as w a te r and 
: e le c tric ity on wide paved roads j O w ner m u st sell q u ic k ly , little 
'd o w n w ill fin a n c e b a la n c e 
497 3751, eves. 822 9355 
1 B e a u tifu l w ooded p ro p e ry w ifh ' frontage en both Waco S prings Rd a n d M a ry P rie s s D riv e 
12 92 
I acres priced 514,5oo New B roun 
[ f e l t , Tx p h o n e J im 
R u le y , i 1-425-7377, 1-425-4oo5 
3 B E D fe 6 6 M ^ 6 ^ k h 6 m e ' ~ 5 
1 acre s 
F ire p la c e 
Loca te d nea r 
! B o e rn e . 
B O E R N E 
R A N C H 
! R E A LT Y 12* 7171. 

3 BEDROOMS 
3 both*, 2 blks off M ilita ry O r VA or CRV available. 
144-424o 
341-454* 
4o4 57*o 

CONNAL! Y 
R E A L E S T A T E IN C 

E Y OW NER 75 ACRES 14 m iles southeast Leap 41o on highw ay t* 
O nly ) ye a rs old 
A ll b ric k 3-2 hom e L A R G E ROOMS 
S w im m in g pool 
2 s to ry m e ta l b o rn 
Irr ig a tio n w o lf and e a u tp m e n l 
P is h in g p o n d . L a rg e oak a n d h ic k o ry free s W ith 2o a cre s at coastal O eer. q u a il, and dave 
Coit 
924-4371 ar I 742-3o9o tar appointm ent 

 t o il as mMmpm'D oar ciase in ru ra l properties 2 SOO Acres 
S till A Assoc, R e p lie r* I t * 23o5 

’ CLOSE IN ACREAGE 
IO A c re T ra c t*, o w n e r c a r r y . 
14.ooo ta 21.ooo oak trees 

N 11 I T 
U l l T v 1 'fe w 
C alaveras fro m his S' > acres on 
FM ISH. huge room s hig h lig h t the 
29oo sa ft 3 bedroom , 2 bath older hom e, la ro e co ve re d p a tio w ith 
BBQ, separate double garage and storage shedt. H u rry ond see this at 55o,ooo 
HUGHES A BRISCOE 
974 4331 REALTOR S 
1 6*3 5597 

" NORTH 3v3 ACRE 
Out San Pedro, 15 m inutes Oaks. soil, view tor m iles Poved rood 
Co op e le c tric 585oo, te rm s by owner 
Bob 
Sm ith, 
*98-2o*3, 
494-6777 
Older h m g o o d reoair-C hm o 
G rove 
448 333oLG RIPPS R LTY 64* o4*1 
ON FM 1843 
C orner O akrdae Dr 
Reduced to 
54ooo O wner financed 824 7134 
Dixie Rose Realtor__ 
On R unning C re e k! A cre hom e I s if t . lo ts of d e e r, b ig tre e s , 1 p riva te O nly (IOO per m onth Oui 
Bandera Hw y Call I Sd*-SO 12 
R iv e r Iro n ) 5 a cre s l i s t dow n paym ent. 51)2.5* per mo C rystal 
1 c le a r w a le r. B e a u tifu l vie w s of 
Texas H ills Shown by a p p o in t men) call 734 93*3 
R M G EOR GE R E A L T Y------- 
242 M A IN 
BO ER N E . TE XAS 
24T 24/I, 249 3545. 249-3546 
ROCK HOME 4 ACRE'S 
In Oak V illage N orth w ith lots of extra s P rice d in m id 55o s. C all 
Ron today. 
494-5571 
N ile * *54-4189 
Century 21 
W A K E F IE L D R EALTO R S 

SECLUDED 
I IS Acres, lu xurious, oak studded b u ild in g site . 15 m in n o rth of 
USAA and M edical Center O wner hnonced 
144 4268 
341-65*4 
*84 5748 

CONNALLY 
R E A L E S T A T E IN C 
SOUTH 
: brcfroum , 3 boLLl A il m asonry 5(o.ooo 424-1544________ 

LA K E LB J 
SUNRISE BEACH 
W aterfront home 3 bedroom , f'z b oth, c o m p le te ly fu rn is h e d Bv 
Owner 529,5oo 343 9343, 349 8426 l A k £ LB J. w a te rfro n t lot in t x 
! elusive area. 
57,ooo, owner- 
344-9489. 
I 
7 LA R G E LO TS, high lo ca tio n . 
I free s g a lo re , access to Conyon 
Lake. O nly 51.75o V e ry lib e ra l term s 
Call 141 4**6 Now. Niles 
344 7o34 
Don Bouchette 
A C O INC RE ALTO R S MLS j Lot, 7ox12o", Cypress dove, lots of extras. 53,ooo 684 5o9o p r b r i t 
M E T IV A — D T k F 
BEACH 
W aterfront home and guest house on 3 lots 
*84-4211 o r 751-9943 
P IO N E E R R E A LT Y 
M E D IN A LA K E 
W ant to sell, lease or rent i your p ro p e rty * Coll us 
693 U8H w atson A Son I 731 7811 
M E D IN A R IV E R F R O N T A G E o ve r 333 l l r iv e r fro m a g e 
3-2 home, ce n tra l heat and a ir Beau­ tifu l trees, m ust see to appreciate 
684 4711 or 751 9943 
P IO N E E R R E A LT Y 
W ANT COASTAL PR O P ER TY 
A ra n sa s Pass or P o rt A ra n sa s 
DOUGLAS ANDERSON 
8o3 G uid in g 
737-1342 

Water Trent lets 
Oak Ridge Estates on Lake LB J 
Lots s ta rtin g a f 55,ooo. abo ut 7 m iles fro m M arb le F alls off 281 
O wner w ill finan ce, cam p in g on lots p e rm issa b le For in fo C all 
S II 598 5335 or 598 288o 

2o9 ACRES 
B e a u tifu l r iv e r fr o n t 
P ric e d to sell ER NEST SOARD 

VARNER REALTY 
658-4366 A N Y T IM E _______ 
5 AC RES, betw een San A ntonio and Blanco, 55,995, sm all dow n : 
Long te rm finan cing by ow ner. 
534-8876 
I 
6o A c re s By O w n e r, b a rn , o il c le a re d o n d te r r a c e d . G o o d fences, dove. q u a il, som e deer, qood w a ter well, set up to r m obile homes, between G oliad ond Ken- edy 5393 per pere I 583 317o 
38 A cres c u ltiv a te d la nd w ith 3 
I b e d ro o m fa r m h o u s e , b a rn s , pens, a rtis ia n w ell, pecan trees 
, Southside off 
Q uintana 
Rd 
[ 653-9o22 
5 ACRES 
F a rm la n d , excellen t soil Uvalde area O wner finance 
Coll 9 to 5, 3*9 2613.______________ 
■ o ACRES- H unters dehorn neor 
G orner State P ark $6,ooo equity 
I and take over paym ents of 5233 w ill fin a n c e e a u ity o r ta k e j s o m e th in g in tra d e fo r e q u a l value I 723 5841 or I 724-65o7 
72 a cre s h u n tin q c o u n lrv ( I i i down paym ent, $84.97 per m o Big deer, tu rke y, Jovehna On fence line of large ranch Financed bv owner 734-9343 
2 o A £ H ii. riw y F ro n ta g e ,Yiouse, pens. w ell, coasfol, near N ixon. 
$24,ooo M C R itchie. 1-582 USO 

~ 128 ACRES 
L iv e O ak Co 
A ll b ru s h , good hunting FM rood frontage, some m inerals. 5395 per acre. 

VESTLAND 
854-1o15 
342 ACRES, 75 m i 4 o* S A. OH 281, 
Good hunting deer. quail, dove 
Days coil 549-4683; N ights a tte r * 
549 1227 
ISO acres near Sm iley Gonzales 
County 54oo per acre Old w ell all in p a s tu re 
F ro n ts on H w y 87, term s availab le. 924-8116, nites 
I 587 1126 
H Y ATT R E A L ESTATE 
2o ACRE$, 18oo per acre, 4 m iles 
NE of Hondo 
74 ACRES. 575o per ocre, 9 m iles 
NE of Hondo 

 paved road. P riced reduced 
HUGHES A BRISCOE 
924 433) 
REALTOR S 
1-463 5597 

EAST BEXAR COUNTY 
3 bedrooms, 7 baths, new T im e ly hom e on b e a u tifu l 2 a c re tra c t. 
C reek fro n ta g e , ro a d fro n ta g e , w ater line, and septic system land locators ol Tews 
S A 467-1154, 647-1333 
EDW ARDS RANCH R E A L T Y 1 
Buy your land fro m the natives 
P IP E C R E E K , TX 6*5 848o 
F a rm and Ranch Listings W anted 
SO Acres or la rg e r w ith in 4S m iles of San Antonio W rite fu ll details and prices 
E D G O Z A , R E A L T O R . 
618 M cCullough Ave., San Anton 
IO. 
Tex., 
227-81o$, 
822 53oo, 
826 5618. 
' 
Good hu n tin g IOO acres. tll4 :S o 
I per ocre, 5% down paym ent, /% % 
' sim ple in terest. O wner financed. 
I Call 734-7944 
H ILL 
COUNTRY 
RANCH 
N e o r ju n c tig n - 9 7 o A c r e s 
2 wells w ith concrete stock Kinks. 
Good barns, co rra ls, fences, Lots 
I of gam e M ile af paved road fro n ­ tage Like new b ric k 3 BR, 2 bath, firepla ce. 
(325 
PER 
AC RE , i TERM S. 
P hilip D W ard & Assoc 
Houston (713)626 3o71 s H IL L CO UNTR Y ACRES (U s dow n p a y m e n t, 134 89 p e r m o 
B eautiful views, good trees. 7%% sim ple interest. Call 734-79*4. 
H IL L COUNTRY SHOW PLACE 
4o6 Acres near Buchanan Lake, 
, excellent im provem ents Lovety 3 i yr. old stone home 3 bedroom , 2 sate, den, shop. 2 Barns, g ra in e r- 
■es, new fences, % m ile north San 
G a b rie l R iv e r. 155 p a p e r s h e ll oecon trees, 5 spring fed ponds- slocked, deer, quail, dove. tu rk e y . 
1o5 acres im p ro v e d grasses. *« m ile h ig h w a y fr o n ta g e 
$395,ooo OO, o w n e r fin a n c in g o r can ta k e cash. E a rl E a s tm a n - 
P roker 1 454 44o4 I 454 38oo 

NC A R ' 
H IL L 
CO UNTRY 
K E R R V IL L E 
4-bedroom . 2-bath, lodge Tennis c o u r t 
On 25 a c re s o r m a ra . 
SIPP OOO I 844 3471 
Karnes Co 15o acre fa rm in area heavy oil, aas, u ra n in u m p ro d u c­ tio n , w e ll im p r o v e d , f a r l il e . p ro d u c tiv e so il, te rra c e d , good w ater, e le ctricity, gas, telephone, old house, 42 m iles San A n to n io between Falls C ity Hobson on F M road. 56(o per acre, d e ta ils c a ll 
C h eever R eal E s ta te , 923 1149, 
635 8339 Ans. serv. 923 *211. 
---------- K E N D A L L c 6 iJ K tv ----------- 
21o ac ra n c h n e a r K e n d a lia 
B e a u tifu l pecan botto m w ith c y ­ press im * stream 512oo per ac . exc ow ner tin o n a n g , law dow n, 

23o LOTS 

|l« Acre. Homesite. NS Schools, no c ity ta x e s , w a te r, e le c tr ic ity , i *9! 127/ aft 6pm 
’ south ol 

J tV o T S a 'j'r i z r o o # 4 m ,,“ r r y s i o V d i Y t V & r . ’ a w a : . 
NW of C o stroville 
R obert Coge 695 897o, 495-8174 

K e rr v ille ! !? a c re e x o tic gam e 
Ranch axis deer, tallow deer, ftka deer b la c k b u c k a n te lo p e , m ou 
Bon sheep Deer proof fence (55o acre. good te rm s 
O wner 512-3*7 5o49 
________ 
K e rrv ille i i i a cre blanch ro llin g h ills w ith gushing sp rin g s Lake w ith bath and catfish-clear w a te r 
Deer ond tu rk e y 555o p e r a c re in terest only paym ents ava ila b le 
O wner 12-347-5o49,__________ _ 
LLA N O M IN I RANCH i l l Acres. 5 m iles west of Llano. c re e k , s e v e ra l po n d s, 2 w e lls , d e e r, q u a il and fis h . H u n te r's cabin, sm all barn w ith pens (575 per acre Owner financed o r con toke cash E a rl E a sth a m B roker 
I 454 64o4, I <54 38oo 

Monett Lumber Co 
(F A R M A RANCH R e a lto rs) 
Dependable Since 1915" 
4o7 N Zarzam ora. 412-788) 
"h’iI r"c Ou’nT rv 

BIG IO T off Duke Rood, 
FM 
1518 
(175o W ill trode for i pickup 
92442o1 A L L R E A LT Y 
533 79X7 

CHOICE HOMESITES 
Q u ie tly s e c lu d e d in W oo d la w n 
M ills B u ild now or hold fa r in- j vestm ent Term s availab le (1.8oo to (4ooo Paved streets A ll u tili­ ties Near Schools and shopping 
N ear B a n d e ra Rd and B o n ru t 
D r For details call Louis Floras, 
712 2241 

152 ACRES, (7oo per ocre, ( m iles west of Hondo 
*73 A C R E S . (S25 p e r a c re , 14 m iles north o l Hondo 
86 A C R E S . (1.o oo p e r a c re , 9 m iles SW of C astroville 
141 A C R E S . (45o a e r a c re , 12 m iles north of Sabinal 
IOO ACRES. (85o per acre, 8 m iles north of K nippa 
'4 ,ISS ACRES, 535o per a cre , l l m iles north of Sabinal. V t m i of sobm ai R iver, 4 wells, excellent hunting 
CLAUD E S C HU EH LE R E A L T Y t i l t I7TH ST R E E T 
HONDO, TX 
78861 
512-424 2412 
512-424 251o 
M E M B E R TERA 
----------------I T O f R -------------------- 
R a ilroad fron tage , 4 m iles south 
, of Loop 41o on Southlon Rd 52,ooo per acre *55 7711 
TANG LEW OO D R E A L T Y 
591 A f r i t s 2 w a le r wells. 2 tanks" hey shed, tra c to r shed, irn a o tio n available plus oil production (4oo per ocre 
144 ACRES, good w ater. tank, oak trees, sm all house (15o per acre owner financed 
SI AC RES, I bed roo m house, 4 c a b in s on San A n to n ie R iv e r, i la rge pecan ond oak trees. W ell unproved 

Dick Voung Real Estatu 
K arnes c ity , Texas 
1-78o 24oo 
57 f tlX . H 
■ ■ ■ H T t o j m 
C o o s ta L H u n lin g re e l cabin $7*5 ac O w ner fin a n ce d 
Bobbie Anderson G R E IN CAM P 
B E L L 
R E A L T Y , ( A 
4(8 5131 
1-17* 2414 
T T L T e T W Y H I ’T I V f R 

SOUTHEAST 
LaV ernia School D is tric t 2 ocre*, 
Only (18o down and easy term s 
H B G R E A L ES TATE , 927 7441 

SPRING IS HERE! 
R E A L L Y eniov it on tw o acres riv e r fr o n t P e caa a n d C yp re ss tre e s , g a rd e n se t! e n d lu s h grosses rig h t dow n Ie the w ide. 
Cleon and cle ar G uadalupe Close in North R obert Smith OH 2o*1, 
I 4*4-4777 

I Story, 4 bed! oom fire p la ce w illi 
I hee tate ta r, a il ctect B ianco Ce 
54o oo4 jim 
Ashley 
Realty l l * 7774 
ToE 7 up paym ents un I* acre NW 

C om m ercial lots all sizes, also a lew com m e rcial buildings 
734 5434 C P KOSUB 34? oJ4I 

INSPIRATION HILLS id e a l (et ta r y o u r hom e 
H ig h elevation w ith a beautiful view of inc city" For detail* and viewing 
< ah 342 4115 A N Y T IM E mm WIDE REALTY 

183 A c re s clo s e in s o u th w e s t, som e c ro p la n d , p e c a n s , o a ks, deer P rice d below m a rke t 
D E V A U LT * Assoc 349 24/7 
P rope rty M a rke tin g Exchange 
A p rro x 
2,8'uj a c re s in 7 u po la 
C o unty, w e ll im p ro v e d le ts et game. Trem endous H unting $2(o ocre 1-449 17*9 
4 
o beautiful acres Hill Country 
’lilts out Hwy 281. north from 
Iwy 
14o4 
Call now tar 
1 form ation 

N e w B r a u n c e l! 
P rope rty (chee! A Assoc Realty 
•47 
S 
Seguin. 
N 
B raun fels 
625 8o7o 

$35o PER AC 
29 78 acre s tra c t Lea key A re a 
H e a v ily w o a d e d . 
G o o d h u n tin g (25o d o w n - 
(IO O 17 m onthly - E m ory Janes- 734 4427 
U p s C R lE lT f x -------------- 
U nique IO acre s on p e rm a n e n t s p rin g te d c re e k , B ig s p rin g - p riv a te not in o d e v e lo p m e n t 
T erm * Jim To vie r 814-4898______ 
- RANCH L A N D i- 
Land For A ll Purposes 
No 
I Flintstone 
78213 
3*4 99(4 

RIMCO REALTY 
I 
444 86oo ‘Ranches 492-1794 ugged acres near B a n d e ra 

Large 
Ridge 
Iner tat. oar#* 
( I f f sam 

 tana IIM dawn, silt me 
' ft i t r . A o r * tear Kelley Lackland area tv 
A ttila 

NE AR a ELLY ) bed. aum ■ 
Writ *•« as i i cend'tiee C he#* Ut 
• • n * 
*** * * 

Hu g h e s a am sc ob 
• 1* 4(41 
REALI ORS 
*7*1 

Hwy 44 tr tn fa g * bait way between te e m * and Hwy tat 
Owner must tell lust. is buying 
•abet pi ee*i ty Mae# an *Mer en 
Hut Que ieee*#* 18 et ret with ei ■*eft tank Mi IE* middle CeM 
Weyee LaM ueyee MBG. IMC bleb**, i l l 113* 

Vin Buna I ta u t 
684 7171 
6ft o844 
654 * 4*4 r s u n t t v c a A f a r * ' in a u g I 
LAY Owner b l. 14x28 living. O’ tailings Cenverliblc a lii*, own waler l oire* I 42* )S4! 
~ commy estate beautiful custom built heme plus t acres bene va ped cress fenced 
(tech lenks end crooks Many ether •am andine teeter es Jus* mu.lutes North et city Detests com 
MI 4177, Hiles 834 1*54 b lL l (OU THERN REAL to il riniNJRY Huts* mAMIWI I i i I FiliiKHfc 
A new MN se it brick beme bb 7 
»r i seated b i r t * Et# rn bee si Ebb m new bern, new Is octet ane oeute m eet end I tu b pends Only 
U t Od# 
CEM 77) Met 
Orge P 

 m u MUTT 

 tor home building. Water utilities Mr Fewer 6797129 acres north 

C ity 

) I t I acres h a itli 
M obiles horses, ok 
KO down, (35 15 monthly IE year* M agee 341 351k 

I T I SACK TRACTS 
NM 5 A near FM 471 ond i*b4, 
Well restricted, centre! water. ee ted streets, or ices very tom eotitivo 
G e e d term s 
LA eke KOF T 
REAL f STAIE 
341 14*1 i TsTT3vJu«ts-o~At e< 

MOUNT AINVILW ACRES beautiful < ocre residential tot scenic Meunteinvtew Acres i 
Celebre lust beyond tnt br* 
Northwest subdivision For < tens ond viewmt- cat! Abd-ll 
ANZ TIME 
WORLD WIOL REALTY 

E C U LLIN A N , REAL TOR 
JONES. REALTOR 
L ie ")!*! 
■vtiuMui ut ie* Hill Country os out Hwy 241, north lr y 
14o4 
Colt new 

 lOE CULLINAN REALTOt 
BOB JONES, REAL1oR 

BOB 

 s a jus* outside Bexar Ce 
413 *434 M Coster Reoil* ’ ii i m 

 etit u t t A u m iV I" 
Laurel sub Oft W uribe 
I IN IO West ta went lf •<»» 
JTTTel i otter neei Turn* Creek Cl 
Cen lei 
USAA S II. 5o# 
4*4 sees Mew Frier Mi 54 
I AM (EPM 

TI 
Mountain and valley, spectacular view, excellent lank •■oh), deer un# turkey (12oo acre, 734 1IE2 
Rugged beauty/laurel trees and bluebonnets caver this 179 acre tract sn Medina County 12 miles west of ieee *16 HOOE aer aer* 
Goon area to sub divide 924-8114. 
337 4927 
H YATT R E A L R IT A T R i i ', IK t t ia t r i'il'M T e ld T T O T handle 
Don G 
C ockrell Ce, 
Memphis Tx Id* l i t 29)1 

STOCKDALE 
ITE Acres I » mites North alt t il 
>4 tiedioom %’ r bath Pretty tear ald house, bern, pens teed dc j cess For Laie end Finance bv owner Miykl do some trochee is o la te s t i ) in s 
T f i r n v r r 

BEDROOM BRICK 

 a n t ALTIC vein** 
EDWARD L ti ANC1 
CIU m n just wnet you need w reno beme 
Ie twenty tour acres within easy cum*i>wt>ng distance, rec Iud*d but geed access Two bede item beme wdh two hteetetes. guest haute stria! H eated r•m im in g gent, b e rn 
; Him 
% 
A t bittw ettM ftiti A A sses bdl Fleet bNeet i umber I Sexes r ie l) * T ttR ftn y t i l l ) H S A ll I or Id t l M I l t *3 

WIL L7WDDO t il! BISSlB’ 
♦14 fits # K WON I i r * a w l i a ii I Tefr ’ 

 r w n r n r r 

COMAI CO 
R C I Smell lie 

Lytle bree IE I! Acre 
T rec I Wen puma ti rteehee t i t Q ty Watson § lee t i t t ae I 

TEXAS Iff TS 
It vee lib ! b rid buntine end ngrses ceti us* die have •everet 
Herts m Best Boxer County AM hove water e le c tric ity reed irenieetd east cannet echoer* and ne iMv taxes 

 ii* 
• i i 

I AC R E I RAC TE n e a r P la te s 
■die R fiiO o x b e i w n i em a y u i^ i 

 m w 
) 

Fourth Page 

BZ • FIRMS AWD RAUCHES 
Express-News— 
Friday, March I I, 1977 

U P P E R S A B IN A L C A N Y O N 
W5 acres-creek dense woods 
J.K. L E IG H T O N . R E A L T O R S 
Vtm defpool, 78885 
512-946 34oo 
W ant lo (b ise ioo-?o<vt a cre s Pos- hire land for cattle. A d d re ss full in fo fo G .T . M c A lp in , 528 S. andlver, Son Antonio 782o9 

 r n rnv 
W A R R (OR S P R IN G S 
U n sp o ile d T IS a cre hill co u n try ranch near Pipe Creek Tx. Plenty of ru n n in g s p rin g w afer Site of qfd indian cam pground. V e ry un 
•Que Will self SO acres. Jim Taylor 
W M W * 
W E C A N S E L L Y O U R 
R A N C H "P A « M O R H O M E 
IN T V E H IL L C O U N T R Y 
H O U S T O N R A N C H R E A L T Y 
Boerne, Tx 78oo6 
749-2316 Or 249-3314 
W hat tyHie R anch do you w ant? 
R A N C H M A R K E T 226 5184 
Rf. 3 Bow 221, San Antonio, 78218 

WILSON COUNTY 
[Approxim ately 2o acres of fertile, w oody loam, old house, 2 bond dug w ells, creek, paved rood frontage j 
JJM. Cullman, Realtor 
344-2341 
BOB JONES! REALTOR 

I34 FARMS run RUT 

IOO AC For Money Rent 
Close in 8o Ac in cultivation 
878 o665 Watson & Son 
822 oo4o 
W A N T to L E A S E a c re a g e fo r ro b in g c a ttle 
P le a s e c a ll 
16 2469, after 6 p.m. and w eekend 
12-755-4629. 
236 - COMMERCIAL PROPERTY 
SALE 

Units 
MOTUS - 38 lounge, party boll, and shops income Reasonably priced I 

 cote, 
Good 
Resort area 
APARTMENT* - 25 Units near Won derland moll 
Brick construction, fully tented Swimming pool, latin- dry room ami covered parking Pric­ ed to sell 
24 Units new loddond AFB Fully rented, 
M lv Furnished, laundry rooms. Low down payment low cost per unit. High income 
TOWER VIEW INC. 
732-6157 

238 -COMMERCIAL PROPERTY 
LEASE 
4o1 APARTMENTS FURN 

N O W L E A S IN G 

N O R T H S ID E O F F IC E S , 
W A R E H O U S E , 
A N D IN D U S T R IA L S P A C E . 
P R IM E L O C A T IO N S 
C A L L S T E V E M IL L E R 
69o-o3oo 

G R E A T A M E R IC A 

C O M P A N I E S 

Norfoside Warehouses 
2ooo sa. ft. and 28oo sa ft. with 1 offices. 
Low rent. 
Jock 
Alter 
342-4151 
Office Space 7x1o S1oo. electric bill paid. 826-59o3.______________ 
Sm all office. Excellent North',ide location. Id e al for a ccou n tan t, attorney, etc. Heat and a ir fu r­ nished. JI OO per m o Inquire 42o 
J a c k so n K e lle r R d (at San P e ­ dro) 
B O B J O N E S , R E A L T O R S , 
344-2341 

FURNISHED 

APARTMENTS 

F R O M 

$ 4 
6 
. 
W e e k ly 

* 
1 
5 
2 
. 
M o n t h !, 

S t u d io , 1 - 2 b e d r o o m s 

N O L E A S ! 

TEN N IS COURT 

AD U LT L IV IN G — N O P IJ S 

WARREN HOUSE 

3 2 2 2 N . W . L o o p 4 1 o 
'S i M . iM < iiM . I Dewhurst end w t. ii read 4 1o " 
342-4o29 

S P A C E F O R L E A S E 
H E L O T E S S H O P P IN G C E N T E R 
ON B A N D E R A R D 
674-2181 or 695 3447 

2 5ooSq Ft. B u ild in g oft IH 3 5 
North, $185 mo 655-oo87. 

TOP RETAIL SPACE in top areas. San Ped ro 35c per sq ft. G ardendale 4Sc per sq ft. Call now M aurine Alexander 341-9191, rules 824-7579 
Naylor Realty Inc 

WAREHOUSE SPACE 
8.ooo sq. ft. new m asonry building for sole, near expressw ay, easy term s tor strong buyer. 
9.ooo sg. ft.. M a so n ry building tor lease, month to month or long term 
4,5oo sa. ft. building with 75o sa. ft. of nice offices. L a rg e fenced lot. near expressw ay. 
P E A C O C K . R E A L T O R S , 824-o511 

SAN ANTONIO RIVER 
N O O K * Pwbondt Street. ATO ft. 

_ S.6 BEAUTIFUL ACRES UN J 

♦ 

* 
♦ 

* 
* 
* 
* 
* 
* 

 j fronting river There n no other 
? tract this « e or this choop doser 
^ to downtown 
Zoned J com 
J menial Brice 354 pet sq 
Et 
J Terms. 
Meat fee club, party 
* house, doctor s clink, religious 
* organization, restaurant, eft 
I 
CARLOS SANCHEZ 
4 
E x c l u s iv e A g e n t 
4 
3 3 2 -1 o 9 2 
* 
W O it it it A ir Yr Yr dr A A W i 

242 INDUSTRIAL PROPERTY 
FOR SALE 

 leasing Dally 9-6; Sunday 1-4 
1 Bedroom $1 5o 
2 Bedroom $22o 
FURN.-UNFURN. 

All Utilities Paid large play­ grounds, Basketball Goal, shut fie board, lighted tennis court, 3 large swimming pooh. 
Near 
Brooks A.F.B., State Hospital, 
Pecan Volley Golf Course 
Truly m e best rental value In tow n. 
2715 Lasses 333-5339 

SOUTO**** “VILLA 
Our A M P T M C N T S s - 
A 

IN D U S T R IA L L O T S '/» Acre and up. Zoned 1-1; fu lly developed. 

244 INDUSTRIAL PROPERTY 

Need aportww.ti I We'** yet them — 
(■lye er small — Rkrik sr walk 5 M 

 u ^ i r S i e t p i j 

 ie. meter, ami e. Iasi teed •uS*!***** 
{wwwftidl bvtldwff with a flock# rf (jy, 
Meg amr****. GrrnU teatiee es israel 
Giecery end curia -Mop 
OrHet^smejj^ejiioyyiey^ca 
“ Day*, 349-4343 
1128 or 494-1382 
DEANIE 
OWENS CO. 
PERITO*— ARIS 
Blanco Bd. Oft. 

I 34 a cre * toned nosiness, 188 lf. frontage addicent railroad, neor active shoo center, industrial. 
M A C R E A L E S T A T E 828 2521 
A P P R O X J A C R E S i"m ( out Of 
City timfts on IH37 So S4oo down, n o r t o f r ic t t o n s , e a s y t e rm s . 
924-6666; 623 1932 

' O ffice S p a c e w ith o r w ith o u t fenced in yard. Coll 227-541; aft. 6. 
534 1971 
248 OFFICE SPACE FOR LEASE 

P R E S T IG IO U S O F F IC E S P A C E 
In grow ing N.W sector Reasono 
I hie rates 
G reater S.A. Sutlers 
I ASSOC. 
8925 N.W. IH-1o 696 38oo 
• A L A M O H E IG H T S • 
I I or 2 room office available Rep sonabte R L. Stew art, 828-1221 
I 514o B ro a d w a y 
__ 
! 
$5o A N D U P 
: B y airport Se cre lary-an sw e rin q 
*«rvice available 494-5283. 
I N E A R A IR P O R T , B R O A D W A Y 
A R E A A N D LO O P 41o F o r lease, sm a ll office, paneled, util. pd. 
Answ ering service ovail. at addi­ tional cost Fo r furthar info coll 
341-7296 or 822-3o1o eves. 
______ 

BUILDERS INVESTORS 
6*1 large, beautiful homesite tots- a re as of tine hom es 3 fronts chi 
GUO d o l t . R iv e r , 2 neor Country 
Club and 2 OOH courses one river on vite ge s trees ah $25,ooo In ­ vestor terms, or singles 
C A R L O S B R A W N E R R E A L T Y 
379-5947 
S E G U IN . T E X 
5o1 E K ingsbury P O 8o« 1122 
C h o ice C o m m e rc ia l P f o p e r iy , corner at San Pedro and Fre sn o 
736-12o4 

Office space, N E , furnished, im ­ mediate occuponcy, utilities paid, 
G ole C la rk . 826 3251 
H e n r y S 
M iller Co Realtors 
1616 San Pedro, 739 s t $23o or as 
2 nice suites. SI 15-S13o 734-4296 
S E V E R A L O F F I C E S U I T E S 
A V A IL A B L E at once in the beau­ tiful Rohde Building. O verlooking 
Turtle C roek G olf C o u rse , near everything. S e ve ral one-m an of­ fices now open for yo u r in sp e c­ tion 
45o, 4oo, a n d 165 s a d . a v a ila b le R O H D E CO., R E A L ­ 
T O R S, 4)39 G a rd e ndolo, 696 5311 
SOO SO 
F T ., C e n tra l h e a t-a ir, b u rgla r alorm s, plenty parking, 
17o6 N P a n A m e ric a n E x p re s s- woy. 826-6691.____________________ loon sat* of office space located in the Industrial section of 
So n A n to n io on C o lis e u m R d ideal for a co m p o n y colling on m anufacturers, w holesalers, food chains, etc 
Pout 
R 
Fife of 
226-7111. 

C o m m m j o " B u ild in g B a rg a in , 
“ 
586o S handle 
32oo s a n co rn e r let, 
Flores 
Owner will 
923-4517 
o ^ w *ftb w 4 f lit 36 
C om er of occess, good exposure. easy accessibility, shop or albee. 
ATE 82* 2521 

W arehouse and Office Spoce for 
Lease. 653-7723.__________________ 
12o4 W E ST A V E 
Office or m o ll space, suitable for a n y type of b u sin e ss $175 m o. 
B R E N N E R CO. 344 3471 
252 SELL OR EXCHANGE 

M A C R E A L E S T A T I 

H A V E C A S H B U Y E R S o ld e r h o m e s, o p t s n e e d in g repairs. John S Ecceti, B ro k e r 
1 6o8 Gunter Bldg 226 7o3) 824 8o23 
ESTABLISHED RESTAURANT ■ 256 ■ KAI ESTATE UWC 
K E W ! - ‘.-J £5,:i3! r.o'ooo 
,n* o4,ct buy for j ,hon discount 

Jim w agner 344-2341. 82B 746o 
B O B JO H ES, R E A L T O R S 

KEY GROUP 
G d b O p t » 6 l f 5 T f T v ' ii., .d wore and lum ber in M edina Lakg oreo Owner win b nance 
64* 4711 or 751-9943 
P IO N E E R R E A L T Y 

JLmrnSiHSm 
3o2-MOBILE HOMES RENT 

2 Bedroom , mobile home, $7$ mo. woigr od 276 8397________________ 
2 B E D R O O M S Country L iv in g ! 
N e ar city With go ld e n , fish in g spot $135 month 623-4967_________ 

• Hued Dunk flub louliiies 
• Gym and fit * lie f ate 
(testes 

• Beauty Shop 
• Sound Whnlpool 
• Tennis (outs 3 pooh 

• (rot! Hee rDfugeioton e IO Amulas lo 
Downtown 
4o321. Southern** 
337-5242 

F O R O N E O R TW O $8$ 
Bills od. Efficiency, dep 
6 mo lease Neor Ft. Sam 226-4o63 
F R E E S E R V IC E 
APARTMENT FINDERS 
824-6351 

FREE SOUTHSIDE 
LOCATOR SERVICE 
Effluences, 1-2 and 3 bedroom s, turn or unfurn 533-13oo. 
$133 Furnished I Bedroom Apts, 
Air, Coll Any D a y or E ve s. 7:3o 
A .M - 9 P M 333-1851.___________ 
$98.5o Furnished I Bedroom Apt 
Air, J Blks Kelly. Call Any D a y Or 
Night. 7 o rn ■ TO p.m. 922-o634. 
Furnished or unfurnished Mobile 
Hom e 2 bedroom , $75 dep, $135 mo., 6 mo. lease. 623-3657 
F U R N U N F U R N 
U tilitie s Pd, shag , I pools. $185 U P Painters 
M ill 62oo Bianco 349 2222 
Goodwin Apts. 82o7 Landing, con­ trol air, 3-2 bedroom s, S2oo, bills paid 341-4)13.___________________ 
Je ffe rso n A re a E x c e p tio n a l 
I 
Bedroom , com pietgiy redeco rat­ ed, re fu rn ish e d , h u g e c lo se ts, q o r a g e 
C lo s e to s h o p p in g , c h u rc h e s , b u s. 
R e f e r e n c e s required No ch ild re n , no pets. 
$175+51oo dep water pd. Appt 
822-7212__________________________ 
L A R G E I Bedroom Bills pd *14o 
Bondero- Callaghan. 433-184o 
L a rg e 2 bed room dup lex, n e a r 
B ro a d w a y -H ild e b ra n d , $175 oo month 69o-154o or 435-453o 
2o7 L e x in g to n , I b e d ro o m , k it­ chenette, bth. p a rkin g, b ills ad 
$88 A cro ss from Y M C A , H an d y 
Andy. 226-686o 

•LINDA APTS* 
233 H O W A R D 
I B lk. M e tro p o lita n H o sp ita l, 
M edical P ro fe ssio n a l Bldg. B a p ­ tist H o s p ita l a n d M a in B a n k 
! L arge I and 2 bedroom s Adults, 
, no oets 
726 8492 

HIH Country flnnnntunitu y r a i n fUVitfv 
»M f$q Pf m asonry 

4o1 APARTMENTS TURN 

Adults Oft Broadw ay, redecorat­ ed 2 b e d room s, $16o P lu s $25. utilities. 8 1 *-till. 
_ 

 bldg in downtown Boerne N ew roof. wired tor in dust riot equip <512) I 
$37-4586 b J 6 M f O F F IC E 

Adults SoutUsidu 
SI 27. MO. FURN. 
B ra n d new elegan t etticiences, pool, sh a g carpet, b ig closets, 
Be au tifu l b ric k hom e in g re a t fan tastic k u c h e n R o b in s N e st 
(•cohen, perfect for home-ottice I Apt 53* Hot Wells Blvd 533-o511 operation 3-3-2 office all paneled 
M A C R E A L E S T A T E 81* 2621 

R1NY78 CORNER 
34X56 bldg good shop location 
I 
•24-644$ 
734-1764 
$14-4419 
W A T SO N A SO N R E A L T O R * 
I 

DVY 87 EAST 
( R IG S B Y ) Near Loop *14, 3 lots and buddings 
$$oo down 
$12$ , month 
474 222oG B G O N Z A L E S 828 5844 
I I <> Dup!*-«' -M )5 Brdw v I I '.(im clean, big, rew ired, business or 
(■veal $14,95o 223 35)1 
W a r sa<T 
3 units. Colonia) White colum ns bum m er porches E a sy rent 
M A C R E A L E S T A T E 828 1521 
Olmos Club Property 
Fhr bede, drasticoMv reducaa due 
Ie .(M ess tour a c re s plus, off 
39oom block ban Ped ro Ave axils between B a n s* R d and Contour o v e rlo o k in g O lm o s P a rk , near gulf course ond new F w y Ideal dor Restaurant, nigh! club, apis 
A H d ^ E k ^ B e s t Otter Witt B u y 

I 
W in d c re s t C o r n e l L o t 
Apar ow 
I, acre on b u sy street suitable for smat* business Can der dedans. 824 u rn 
RED CARPET 
W EAL T O R S 
PROPERTY 
LEASE 

Al GION MAIN 
A IR C O N O ! T IO N CO, O F F IC E S . 
R E T A IL . E T C L E A S E O R SA LT 
224+126, TSS SSE? To see ii 
G A U Fd O O N A A t TV CO O W N ! R 

AVAILABLE BAKEHOUSE 
AND QFFJtt SPACE 
A E t u e s lo wtmf ant amma am 
ETON* gd s A E r n e * ’ bol,** Com m «retal P r o * 349 )419 

$11o Air I Bedroom on San P e dro otter 4PM . <36 3171__________ 

A PTS. F U R N IS H E D 
$145. 
R IT T IM A N B D A T IH J I 
T H E F A IR D A L E 
66oo F A IR D A L E 
_______ 656-1oo1_______ 

A PTS. F U R N IS H E D 
$145. 
B A N D E R A and E V E R S R D 
H ID D E N M E A D O W 
5959 W U R Z B A C H 
6o4-3311________ ! 
Astoria 
1o343 S A H A R A 144 4191 
F U R N IS H E D U N F U R N IS H E D 
Sunshine 
143 E S U N S H IN E 714-4422 
• A U S T IN MW V E F F IC IE N C IE S * 
Bills P C Q 13$ $37 we 114 1988 
I 
I B E D R O O M A P A R T M C N T 
M E A R L IV E O A K Ai/ 3431 
I Bedroom apl air carpet SHO i l l 8 Hromano, 533 971$ j 
I bedroom , d in in g room , liv in g room kitchen, wall ie wail carpel oft von P e d ro bus. w aler paid 
A lu lls only no pets S9 s I IS 333* 
1 Bedrown. s ie l e i c e carpet fur mturt, near F I bom, 674-6213. 
2 
B E D R O O M S 
D E W E Y . 
ADU! TS 
Ne PON. »I54, 733-7738 731 to il 
I Bedroom , w all to wall carpet, u p sta irs, stab B ills Rd 816 C 
Quincy, 923-7181 
C a r e e r g ir l w a n ts Ternate re a m m ote 349 7968 , 222-4398. 
Coral bonds IS IS W Contour l l 
Of 5744 ban P e d ro ) a ir, peal water pend I B d rm (urn S IM I 
B c h m SIP S 124 711 3 

4o4-MRTMENTSUNFURN 
4o4-APIWTMENlS-DlltRLRN 
B B M H j lT O - W P i 

• 
S 
F 
H 
Y o u r 
N e e d s 
© 

A P A R T M E N T S O N THIS PAOt A R F 
SHOWN IN T H O R A P P R O X . L O C A T IO N S 

TUCKED AWAY 
AMONG THI TREIS 
YET ONLY ONE 
MINUTE FROM IM IO 
ADULT t FAMILY 
SfCriONS 
69o-17oo 
49o9 WOOOSTONI 

I - r \ 
S u n d a n c e 
4615 GARDENDALE 

6 9 o - 8 3 2 o 
C H A N G IN G CO N CEP TS IN 
ADULT LIVING 

MOUTH F U 16QX 

© 
T A R A 

 a n a p a r t m e n t h o m e 

 u n f o r g e t t a b l e a s i t s n a m e 
COMVfMtlN' toe*riot, OMO UMITIIS *41o 
8o51 BROADWAY 
824-oo61 
828-7393! 

1-2-3 
Bedrooms 

 t g u R E ^ & S T O R S 

A hA KTM tN fS. 

9 5 2 5 LOR CNI 
3 4 4 -9 8 8 8 

 y ^ N O fflt n K T 

H O M E S T Y L E A P A R M E N T 
L IV IN G 
4515 Oordandola 
691-1o44 

O E I 
MIR 
APTS. 

Quiet Adult Apts. 

3243 
Nacogdoches 
656-o188 

 fSs xiv ) 

 t M 
M 
T 
M 
R 
W 
T l M 
W 
I 

E L M A E l R I B 
APARTMENT* 

 a Fireplaces a "Com plete 
All electric kitcFiens 

• W asher Dryer 
Connections 
• All Bills Paid 

696-2846 
6111 Vance Jackson 

© COUNTRY CLUB 
APARTMENTS 

\ n id e a l ItM’a t io n 

N i '\ l I i i T u r t l e < ri'«*k i i i i l t I h 'H v -T lM H 
Mh.’MI t.iirh aii'ii D rill' 

® The Heritage 
Apartments 
I T diFferent floor plans — 
All with patios 
Priced from $ 2 1 5 — All Bills Paid 

1 5 4 3 B abcock 
3 4 1 -2 2 2 8 

© 

I & 2 Bd. Apts. 
From SI 7o 

All Bills Paid 

T e s t 
A F A R T M 8 N T S 

ERR A 

A l t a 

>U»N A UNI URN 

 i>lAi tm i w f u l 
ANO VIui)) NIV 

 o 
FRENCH CHALET 
The Aristocrat Apts. 

M odern I Bd. Apts. 

$ 1 7 5 U n f u r n is h e d 
$ 1 9 o F u r n is h e d 

Convenient Ie AH Southside I argh ou l 
555 Hutchins 
9 2 7 -4 1 4 1 

411 EVEREST 
8 2 8 -5 3 3 o 

© 
O 

© 

D e s e rt b o n d s 4411 B r o a d w a y turn air, I B d rm s*3 83* »* ' I__ 
• D O W N 1 oW N F O S I O F F IC E * 
J alky Air I roam * carpet, eikon o r f n 'l w s f r l a l ' new decor oui#! M a fu r* lady pre 
1 ter red 124 M cCullough 824 / fit 
S I t DkJ . iui 
I bant oom. N m et p re y * b n gee* em mf* fungal C a i I — fe m 22S $644 
Bitte <encas. air, b u * shad s s is wk S U ) me up Brils Rd tertian 
I 534 3441, 434-4^88 
E ii.I nun and I bade ae n< ««oi 
W oodlawn l ek*, ca i aet, mr, ne children ac pets *9$ m e Ie *144 ma »««* M id M H m _______ 
I Mi, tenty eat n,«n» only p ills jMum&u&m 
- 

« ™ rw rm iiiT $m 
UU, iW MZJ d e m m V r'c 'W r f r s p r t y Cane M . far L e a s e m rifrtn BSeck b Aretes are** la* aaa* eared* !*<■ 
Certtea H ag tit tem j< 2/3 a lif o f f i n c m l a s T a M n u a i i a * : 
2JP4 vqft 1414 C»ncmneh Ave i v a m w 'f r 6 f a r g - » . ^ u iT ^ n r r 
•«• tu t* ca n iiu i haul a n nawly r e f d e le d 
>4 oe s a ti la r g e p a r k m g IM. Broadw ay end A rc B en francas R e asam eUs 
«24 tee* et 

L IV E B E T T E R F O R L E S S ! 
G R O U N D L E V E L D U P L E X E S 
F U R N O R U N F U R N 
E X C E L L E N T M A IN T E N A N C E 
H IG H L A N D H IL L S A P T S . 
7931 E. SO U TH C R O S S 
$34-88o8 
Mate Room m ate wanted to s h a m 
J bedroom agt. Paul, 496-21o/ 

M E IR O H O U S E D O W N T O W N 
M O D E R N E F F IC IE N C Y F U R N 
SHO ta $135. 213 4TH ST 216 /333 
M O T E L E ffic ie n c y A p a rtm e n ts an d R o o m s B y D a y , W eek or 
M o n th 
o12-9112, 
P l 4 ( 7 *7 , 
L E 2 O H I, C A ; 47o2, N e a r Pf. bom TA2-13T7.___________________ 
S II Nataien. $ room s, balli, ga r age, air. water pd. N a pets. 4124. 
333 3549______________________ 
N e ar Ft bam, I bed room , nice cleon. remodeled S IM water pd bton Poole, 695 3721, 494 5221 h e a r Ft. bom , 8o3 E le a n o r , I 
! bdrm, g a s water pd. 
$116 
344 »4of, 
N E A R F T S A M 
Nice lam e I bedroom turn, apt, water pd. HOB 824-4369 
N E A R SAC I bedroom opt 133 W, 
Cl gig $79 734 942$; 435 7871 

Near SAC, efficiency apt S9S.S8 pius WMS M rs Watson. 826-4564 

NIU ¥ CHM i bedroom, drapes, paneled, car pel air. storage or ta $128 Water paid only Lac kia n d -K e lly area. 
922 134$ or 917 2213______________ 
NO L E A S E R E Q U IR E D 
Near F L Sam and downtown E l­ be Airts Bills Paid, $49 per m a 
227+7o2 1954 E Hog M on________ 
N orth C entral Locatien, E lm ira and M cCullough ond iH3$ New ly decorated Neat bus. adults only 
No arts U nfurnished I bedroom 
W ater od $12$ with dep * M e 
Lease 22s 5 JO I after s ond wee heads, 696-4734 

NORTHEAST MO LEASE 
A tt r a c t iv e 1 -b e d ro o m , d i s h ­ washer. shag, pool Bills ad. $165 and up tl$ Dep IO M in Ft bam I 
3218 E I S E N H A U E R oH H a r r y 
W u n b p c h 622-919$ o ti C incinnatiT la rg e 7 b e d ra il,! 
! ! li- W gler gQt pd 824 1884 
PAM A M A P A R T M E N T S 
I 
$6o2 B IE N V IL L E O R OH Wetdner rd M odern I Bedroom , 643 2663 

PECAN VALLEY 
GOH Club Apts. 

1 
3 4 5 o L S O U T H C R O S S 
333 9o28 

NOB 
HIU. 
AN\RTM£NT$ 

Nob HNI Apartments off IH IO 
7626 CotloghBB kood/349-1217 

FRENCH CHALE1 
165o JACKSON KELLER 

THi ULTIMATA APARTMENT 
COMMUNITY 
344-4616 

 w LA PLAZA APTS. 
‘‘TENNIS W O R L D - 
• eecauroeu, m *i rn enc M isos* cu m 
• A Dm I ANO IM M I lienor** 
: r a 
S 
W 
M-mR -U U D Ak AOI MANT* 
• k h i h i m i SCHOOS* sus irk Vici 
. HO.TH stai rSSahnoi aam Sum Aet* 
HS N.W. LOOP 41o 
341-4621 

SOUTH SEA 
APARTMENTS 
LEISURE LIV IN G 
SUPER LOCATION 
•UNCOAT JACKSON EHLI* 
7543 SOUYN SIA U N I 
341-6251 

 ehlchcslfr Sc|uare 

A p a r t m e n t * 

I * 2 . ,H t » 4 *« lr4 » 4 P in a p t * . 

I »»•#*•'iii, ut In tori -jiH * ihI Kji«l<ri|,h 

I M 
I 
V u H liit l l w v . 
M J H -1 IO.-, 

Th#* 4-hII oil a b4*au l» lu l 
A p h lif#*Miyl4» 

12221 Blonco Rood 
4 9 2 -2 1 7 1 

S U I1 R D U IB R 
MeAingnff 
You owe if to yourself to see our apartments. 
2554 Northaost loop 41o 
656-1222 

( m ir y \ illa g e 

X p a r l i n r n t H 

.1. 2 . 3 iH ilr iM M ii- 
*■ H-ihli Iim h x brr Ij ih iIh', •$■> iniri, r-t jim) 

 frsin t 

H t M i f « iu iilrs \ illuR*' 
H2 8 -.‘i 7 2 1 

1o7o7 IH lo west 
6 9 o - o o o 1 

® The BR IT T A N Y 

A SO PH IST IC A T ED ADULT C O M M U 
N ITY W IT H A P O O L IN EA C H C O U R T ­ 

YARD . HALF B LO C K O F F L O O P 4 1o 
N E A R N O R T H STAR M ALL 

SMT JONtS-MAlTSBfRGU 
341-31 36 

O 
NORTHEAST ARUI 
H e rrin & la za 
I 4 3 ROR. 4 TOW NH OU SES 
Golden apl* with clean well k*pi spacious grounds, patios, balconies, pool, —oh to shop ping, lectures plus 
Perrin-Baltei Rd. 
A S5 -7 1 3 3 

© 

O r © 

I H I K 
—I \ r m 
\ I* I H I M t V I - 

© 

 rn 
B u rE INVESTORS 

1946 N. E. Loop 41o 
(Harry Wurtbeth ( iii) 
826-2355 

UNDA APTS. a a s H O W ARD OH 11OO N. M A IN 

I & 2 B E D R O O M S 
I blk. Main Bank, lubys. Expressway, 
Hospitals, Adults Only 
226-8492 

© 
P a r k C a t o n r 
A p artm e n t C o m m u n ity 
TV MONITORED SECURITY- GARDIN PATIOS 
LUXURIOUS (LUI ROOM— CYM g SAUNAS 
» 2 3 AOR 
14 2 BATH 
$185 $275 IFum. Add ) UTILITIES PO 
2o11 BANDERA RD. 
434-4191 
Be tw e e n H illcrest A C a lla g h a n 
A Bete R e t* A p a rtm e n t C o m m u n ity 

XX 11ifl**r#***| X|»artnitMils 

6564)182 
HK.'i5 U illiniuit W us 

I alf ut* |*r»%al* |»*AlB«k*. I (fHH Mif iii !•» H iii«|is4»r 
I'tfrl M b N. Hki»ifl«*l|4i *•••«! ►••rf 

I.U M irs Iris in g iii V E ., h u n X n lm iin 

T h e 

C a n m a n 

3934 hederitkskutf 14. 

731-1*11 

N ORTHGATE 
539 ELEAMOR 
824-oo19 
WESTGATE 

® 
&utm $ifoed 
AN ADULT AFARTM INT COMMUNITY 
All AMENITIES e ON BUS LINE * O N I 
BIOCX FKOM ST MAKY S e ONE SlOCK 
FROM SHOPPING e f URN ADDI 

1 , 2 4 3 BDR 
$18o lo $245 
UTILITIES PAID 
3 Jo t W. W O O D LA W N 
4 3 4 -4 3 4 4 
A *o4 aob* AtAkfMtNt (OMMUSHtV 
o 

For the truth, 
Compare 

1o362 Sahara Drive, just east of San Pedro, north 
J 4 9 -2 6 1 7 
,«f Loop 41o 

UNDER LOVING CARE 
Covered walk way from car lo a p t, leundr y and mailbox area sa you won t get drenched larger room s so you wan t bark your shms 342-9113 824-1594 and sea 
THE KIN G ST O N A PTS 
2242 Vance Jackson For TLC 

Private cottage rem Loop 4)6 I 
S U I 342 92|f 

 storage, convert­ end I I I Bills Od 

■ R V fn P K H e ilib s b u r a i d k m et nee sane* awa < okayed and on cavated yard nom** tar Hu m 
H i 7 ) Ll 
D B T i f i t u t f v u m r n s fawn Slat ear ma Preeen lac rt 
SCS Herr 
> tor Cut* b »« k g 
, u n 

•343 K K IN G S H W Y • heat Yrmri* Air aunt 4 (ovary 

 i i ut-* fstte Miff* 
L a a a g * lo en»* h # t » 
I ( C h i t r t t t i 1 * 
‘"O '"** whack ON rn ii » a A i I AhdakkWi OM 

 gat ae i4nca»« ne aet* IU * woi*i 

B etty thy g««M t p a c * af th# to o l It w an baked »oar alike naan* c ngcime wire 11 rends dm mg a game at bet##* Clake la Wan 
#■• land ac C a a l*at P a rk M ail sow* aa* is ana i a 

F O N T A N A ( P T S 
MO I B A B B B R O M M B D ca- aa* i n n m 
> 
I a* I j« i- i,.» t, tv caOMi PNH s e c 
Am aa*. MI ate I B i * 
*»*■ 

1)4 Q ue en A n n C o u rt, I I N BcHg , paid 1649 W Summit S U I water paid living Bedroom bath BU- 
‘ *’«•" A p p o intm e nt l i t o 1 ie 
R OO M M A T B na a dad'' to" sh g’rg jg gfg & g aS- itftfcl !!>.. 
_________ 
3 roams, bath, $/$ water ad key 
ALLI* ti*""*** 
...... . 
South J b ed room T ir a agt paneied i i*.na ream. water t a i 
1 
S p a c io u s ) a nd J ti, or u t m» idea* tot fauna marrieds with a semen child The BaaedwaMi afters 3 Be drooms unfurn tar si*# I peals club iaam end Munday Clast Hi 
*««o*M und ana Centi ai Fart. ti I* Wart Ay eau# cat rte J 

SUNSET RIDGE APTS 
Larga I aaa I Bed*earns 
I U N F U RN IIJ I Id) 
‘•VkSknu 
I. tare., mealie 
J i l J 
TALLY MB 

K S J am 

. . 
8 8 K / i n t 
„ 

Three con shore a J bedroom opt at the Boardw alk tor H IO e a c h .’ 
Pool. c lu b ro o m a n d la u n d ry . 
Close la 
Central 
P a rk ana 
Wonderland. 
3Sit West Avenue J49-43A3 
B u rry G illingw oier Co 
T o w n h o u se , lu x u r io u s , la rg e . 1 dishw asher, pool, 12 bedroom s, utilities paid 
S IH 
Blonco 
>41-4113._______________________ 
TV M O N IT O R E D S E C U R IT Y 
O A K D E N P A T IO S 
C L U B R O O M S 
G Y M A N O S A U N A S 
1-2-3 BED R O O M S. 12 B A TH S 
SIBS. to $27$ B IL L S P A ID 
P A R K T O W N E A P T * 
434 4191 
IA H B A N D E R A R O A D 
Between Hillcrest gild Collgghon ; 
W A N T C D : R e s p o n sib le f in g e i ■ 
; Fem ale R oam m ale N o rth sid e I 
F( i inlet »iew Coil 6* 1-4231 ___ 
! 1o74 w French. W ail to w all car p i t 
5 » v p *f*i» L m ±m . 
WHY SEHLE FOR LESS ar aver gov 
W IL S H IR E A PTS 
Black at Ft bam North Gate 
626-4)lf . BBA-1 S N 
347 W W A RE 
OH b Fiara* and S I MriiHry Or 
I Bedroom d r , carpet, water pd 
1124 tw e iii M er Aal. I 

W-nmiMwsumuH* 
A A A aA A Heme of yaui aam can be your* loc as little as *244 down ond paym ents less than rent Na 
Credit* N o p rob le m 
I ft J R E A L TYs/4 M U Anytime 
A B E A U T IF U L W AY TO L IV * 
L arge trets, caver ad terroce I bedrooms, I ac I baths, large cia sets a * unable 
THC H ER IT A G E 
IM I Bede ack el N W. Late OIB 

- 
— 
H U B L ____________ 
ADULTS ONLY 
228 3547 

C P M C O R P O R A T I O N 

The 
C o u rtya rd / 

2 A 3 B ddrm 

Apt*. 
AM H e tHw 
Kitchen* 
OsRiRto Storage N S Schorte 

4 4 11 G a rd e n d a la 

6 9 6 -4 8 9 3 

1, 2 . and 3 b e d r o o m 
Apts. Furnished or Un­ furnished. 

11721 P a rlia m e n t 
3 4 9 -3 1 4 9 

 d i a g 

Q u ie t H o m e 
Style Living 

 litre ta 3 brim TownhouMtk with in apiece* 
12 hoc* piano 
Adult A Family Areae 

6 6 2 3 C a llo g h a n i d . 
6 9 6 -3 2 9 o 

E F F IC IE N C IE S 
1-2 3 Bedroom F ia lt to 3 
Bedroom Townhouse* 

3 8 1 5 P a rk d a le 
6 9 6 -3 4 9 9 

T U E G R E E N H O U S E 

I B e d r m . T o w n h o u s e s $ t 8 5 

72oo S. Presa 
532-7389 

 l l 
U p t m o r e 

 a n d A s s o c i a t e s 

ADULT LIVING 

MONT DOOR BUS SERVICE 
1-BEDROOM, $17o. 
2-BEDRooM, S2o5. 

FOOL, UTILITIES FO (LOSI TO 
SHOFFIT CENTER AND FOST 

OFF ta 
THE 
H A BIT A T 
3815 W IST A V L 
344.772o 

JOCSXI 

 t Bed ream nett. 
Wrinum 
Area xmi___________ 

 h is to ric K in g 
HS 
M adison 

AIL UTILITIES PO 
• HOOKS M C C B B L lS t A R B A large I hod*aam. uniwrn fief 
> badr aum unfurn t m 

 rn ! H L 

» 
SO UTHPO iNT A PAR I M i NTS 
IMM i 
NBW 
G R A U N F C L B 

1*4 V 
Mtm 

 a f t utfM r laarar. j Tin‘n if I n i f i i i t u t . 

M ISIB C M l APTS faavaaewM ta «« saathtnfa iota flans I Addr aam pl Pl. ad lgr n soa* 4I» airt SM Narc tuns 

BB AU Y if UT*X * aa N a-** Apis ie l u i k j l 

I bedroom ame lane y. clean, bar­ fe d cand 
9 JI W 
H u isa ch e ,: 
Avu.ioaie 
J HP. 
23B-B6M, 
834 /13/ 
3 bedraom 548 K endotT apl I, water paid B I BB ma, deeasit 

I Bed raam s, fire p lace , air, t apas, tai pal Newly dec artiad 
.tis ad a I Bb Mature p tisa n * 
7 | * > m O ffers Pm 

CONVENIENCE 

 t# F A ^ S ^ B V r O u N O * * 
3 Bk GROOM BJI* BILL I FO rn 4 t* i_ 

HRH AME BLEAR APTS 

H J J i 
M O t » 8 f ) M Y 
L aagry sew * ut»»n»enabie r k * 

G R B C N B R IB B A PTE i-» tearoom s effluences Bid Od 
IHI &f*ysf>L'; 
__ 
8REENWICH VILLAGE 
I D E A L L O C A T IO N 
I Bed! aam water n $11$ 
I Bedroom*. Unturn B IIB 
U T IL IT IE S P A ID 
I I I JA C K SO N K B l k i A 
________814-9871_______ 
IF Y O U Q U A L I F Y 

I tearoom I A afb L U I Site 
I Bedroom I Bath I* l f S ill 
I jefeaem I Bath itFa t M * 
AM Uhlihe% Centro! Arr WH) Heal 
B ah «aer alar 
Runge O isaasai 
Oi ribyr >es TV Anienmc Slot ag« 
H N I gad M ara Aaa«o*>n<»ia)v rn Mr iilac * Bases 
M B BBA I gad rn A rea l e i tai 

 t z i r e i — 
2 bedroom, J bath, cavfrad patio or balconies tats af closet spoce. catered purkmg 
T H E H E R IT A G E 
IM I Babe ack at NW Loop ate 
341-2226 
L E A S E W IT H O P T IO N T O 
B U Y 
Clean ond extra nice, 2 bedroom ham* Eastside arad 

S A N T E X 
CO.,R E A L T O R S 
________653-o44o_______ 
LIV E » E T T E R FOR LEbb! 
GRO UNO L E V E L D U P L E X E S 
F U R N OR U N F U R N 
E X C E L L E N T M A IN T E N A N C E 
H IG H LA N D N IL L S A P T S 
J 
2931 b SO UTH CRO SS 
$34 8648 
LIVING BRACES 
NOW AVAILABLE 
OLMOS TOWER 824-6881 
THE CHELSEA 824-8226 salu te . s f i s i s f t M B ! , 
„ 
11R TOWNHOUSE 
I Bedrooms, air heal $146 water pd Polio l$9 Cl M io to* ire Ne pefs 341 8444, 49+ 56/8, 824+237 
I 
MC C R E l Ebb A RBA. $11$ Bills 
1 ad i Aedraam apl Carpart Barf fefTit mMvjmjmm 
NeerFi bam, lei ae I bidree ms 
' j»P *a I H I P4to> P i I N 4 I * » 
N t kD AN APT < A l L US 
J 
T E X A S APT. L U I A TOES 

NORI HST AR SAN PEDRO 
I I we ar y I bedroom . (*% B olk lew nhaasa. carpel piaclric bu chan, whiitias pd. t»4B. M O B Rib 
I - t A L ! L u J H A . i l — , ...... 
NertHwtsi M id cantar area I bedroom with hrtpiact 'JA sa lf t a r peied AH electric kit, hen 
M e ry avie! sm a ll c a m p i!!, 

T I M E ’ S A ’ W 
A S T I N ’ ! 

 p o rk 

V i l l a g e : 
L iiir t m r n lp 

4io / waljli* rn 

/ $ 

 wmOSKjR para aaah 

 ti Si* BM* A DIB 

/ 
^ 
♦ nae* 
VHCMM 

I BEDROOM 
WITH 
BONUS ROOM 

‘2o5. i. *225. 

Ten floor ptem la diaa$4 from far exquisite adult Hying AH bilk paid. Recreation room. large balconies, outdoor lar-B- 
Que grills, • kemokers, fire places and beamed ceilings. 

LUXURIOUS 

LARGE 
2 BEDROOM, 
2 BATH. 
OVER I 2oo 
SQ. FT. 

START AT $34o. 

High Ridged 

H illsid e A p a r tm e n ts 
5211 F r e d t r k k s b u r g 
341-8221 

(Selector 
We’ll find yours, free. 

OPOI 7 DAY8 A W OK 
O W O C * THROUGHOUT TW AS 

3 1 2 1 N .W . L O O R 4 1 o 
349-1737 

DttfCT CORRCBPOHDOfCf TO 
4123 N carTRAl EXPWY 
DALLAS. TIX 7S2JM 

 i e e e e e e e l 

: L A P L A Z A * a 
341-4621 
9 
M I 
• I-2-3 Bedrooms 
A a Single cmd Family 
^ 
, _ 
Sections 
! ™ • Firapiaces 

 dM • Tennis 
• 115 NW LOOP 41o # 
• 
Across From 
# 
• North Star Mall # 
• 
9 
B f t B B B B B B 

S 

TURTLE CREEK 

EFFIC1ENCIES- 
CABANAS 

Starting at $16o. 

All Bltctric kitchen 

O u tsid * sto ra ge 

8631 FAIRHAVEN 

696-451o 

I a ca rin e s in these stmeioUM g arden n u trim e n ts w on't last long because dem and is high far: 
XX I M IN O R P A R K XI XLI. 
N O R T H E A S T S C H O O L S 
9 PRK!:TE XX A a KSS 
• P A ID I I II,l l IP S 
• P R IX X T E P A T IO S 
• P O O L S a P XR I X R O O M 

 l i n o R n* B o© Drive 
6& 3-7SO O 

* n o r t h 
APARTMENTS 
F r e e Utilities 
Country Living m (he Q ty 

6 miles north of loop 4 1 o on Babcock turn toff of Springtime 
6 1 4 2 Spring B rand * 
6 9 o -1 4 6 o 

 lill/id e 

H o a r 
Kelly-Lackland 
AFB 
Limited number of ef­ ficiencies and 
I bedroom apl*. N ow available 

58oo 
MIDINA BASI ROAD 
674-7oo4 

I minute to IH-1o. 
Privott o d u lt ond family 
MCtiOfl. 
69o-17oo 

^ d ^ O ^ N o o d s t o w ^ D r i v e 

• 
WAKEFIELO-STAROUST 

APARTMENTS 

Ideally lotofad on busline 
I, I, end 3 bedroams $18o to - $35o On lector 
Quest from North btgr MaN 

9 
ISBB WAXIfitlD 
| 
S44-4ISS 

 t M 
M 
M 

# 

Trmifv ar aa, 2 bedroom. $2/ * 
Heugene, $1*4 733-4x33. art 6 
VERY SPECIAL 
Cundominiwm tawnhauet 3 be d r ooms, fam ily roam . I (ira pieces, double garage, beautifully de ca ruled Alamo Hats. Sc noels 
Pet Appointment call 
Action Apt. Locator*. 824-2333 
V IL LA G E O A KS A P U 
1-2 Bedrooms and Effuitnca* 
U T IL IT IE S P A ID io u N New Brountoi* 616 4141 
JOI 44-1$ W Mop ii Oho 
Apartm ents tram s I OO and up 
Near SGC. convenient ihoppinv 
Bus linos COM / ll 965/__________ 
1921 w. Travis, 4 ream s, Bab- bchggt, bt C Ptonp 3 4 + m » 

Starting from $151. 

Al! utilities pd. 

655*o421 
* 3 5 

S E C U R IT Y 
PLU E 
Aptv of DiBtinction 
BHicianctas * I and I bedraams 
Fam ished and Untarnished 
T H E V IL L A F O N T A N A 
123 BR ACK E N R IG G * A VE 
(O FF >7o4 B B O A O W B V ) 

9 3 9 -1 1 9 1 

4o6 HOURS, BUPtlXf S fURNISMLD 

W i W 

Aooi >manis and To 

A M O N *© C A RU S I Badream 
B48B, sewer 
I a... •«> gtai h f N M 
TNB MS N K A 

PLAN! AI IDN HODIL APTS 
I Od* lit BIWB, tewnhous* tm , oh 
Bins Bd. 344 7443 
PLA N T I C .Vfees” 
I 
Ah ewe egis have (ai ae aeries or bdicehias. sfa ro ge ream with every apl and tats el ctPsat teat a 
I ie dr nm , I beth or I et ar awm j : berth Com fade* 
T H I N B R ) (A G B 
MNI Bawcock el NW tate elf 

BO seetftside I B a d 'aam apts. cdr inept 
.hatting bibb * 

I B N O I B e fra e m e g is B ia s 
* a*kusly taaetod an Marry W ert bath aer aas tram a T SAM 
' 
But* »B 

THE TMHHU 
I Bedroom I bull! iv JO 
I Badrooni, 3 Bolti I sob se ti t)M 
Th# lot oiion is sa conveniently 
’•ygfad a sac ana tonsil* car is net 
Itll 
A LL U T IL IT IE S P A ID 

#i^Bt^NCb^.Ba'f* H i t i t ? " 
TK IMH VTI 
SOS! BR8AUWAY 
AM A F A B T M fN T 
Untorgalae), et it* nam* 
I B l OM OOM b irt 
) Bb D R Q O M M i l 
U T IL IT IE S P A ID 

- *11 m u U l /l|l 
TOWNMOUbB Fe* I b Abt ~ 
* kodraiiee t oath t I T B * h ie * K S * I* n 
H he eh alert*«t brtcKan *34$ brtii 

AF A B T8ABMTB u n i iran t o 

Acies* Kelly, I bad!earn clyen pnvela m W trtgr»i 433-Hrt 
3 Badrooni, I Berth, (erg# dan, mu fenced $258 434-4+48 
_____ 
Pf bern big ) Bdrm, extra roam, fenced far iuds gets, tai 
. united, r n t il) tee « *» ! i _ 
Fi Sum bit I Bdrm, entre ream fenced tar lid s peH, $6$ 
.United. H i 912), tea {484 U_ 
1419 Greenacres (M W ), >1 an fence $16$. 12o-791) 
____ 
H ie ignd^Pk*^ bewiHs s^ijlo^'l^r oe rn 

Bri»s"~p«r> wale em* BMI I Bdrm toe t oil no togae, b it i 
—jurns*mlip »i« W L 
7J$f Maddew B ra k ie ( I V ) I T den G arag e, ce n irg t a ir hee) te fM IN * M BFf)> 
_____ 
Modem I M , g ig s I m , ten lrg i 
•«•, tonee6. kids (n u ok 
. AUii'3£S!l*m*32~!lL21- 
Flush letfege with e« bdls »d eels OK, tone ta SIM 

A ret S 
S ce r pol I Bdrm aw looted. WSI Sib# 
.- m r i ijii' B 
K 
V u m 
., w iif ti* K b i i ■ m u 
I N B ) 
? 
» 
» »* n. 

Sd 11#1 rn* 
• ai I 
_ _ m i i U . k T s 
I Bdl*, ernes bnaet* 
I M i IM I 

... - _ R f . 
•kneed yard. 
•♦VIS ik#a**l 
Hum _ d a n e I b i l e 
Maced in s 
"-•led, J BA BIK 

• x x i l f ! 4* shedeB I H I we 
I thMPW* 

 ce*pal. en*. 

144 f i l l » 

TEXAs'flZESJMNGS? 

NON COMMERCIAL! 
CANCELLABLE 
WITHOUT 
KATIE CHANGE 

C R - M R , DUPLEXES, 

 j U D M g a iB 

CHOICE RENTALS 

 r n m tn m oos - 4 7 7 ,$3oo mo. 
Cravat ok hoot, stove. garbage disposal 
2-story, fenced 

 r n tm wrm oo* - 4-7-7, S3oo mo. 
Centro! air heat, range, refng., garbage disposal, tented 
I story, glassed in patio, toll 

IT M QM BW6 - a-2'A-rf^?5o mo. 
(antral otr-heot. stove, gorbog* disposal, carpet, burglar bars, prtvocy ten­ et ?-story lownhome 

3-1 (2, S17o mo. (antral air heot, stove, ten cad yard. Corner lot. 

673-5o3 
342 4115 
453-o57o 
W O R L D W I DC REALTY * 

HOMES, DUPLEXES, 
UNFURNISHED 

CHOICE RENTALS 
5839 Castle Hunt 3-1-1 ... $195 

8242 Glen lark 4-2 I 
$215 

583oCastle Brook 3 2-1... $245 

12521 Sandpiper 3-2-2.... $3oo 

12218 Lo Charco 3-2-2. 
$325 
Coll 8 2 8 - 5 7 o 4 m r 

M N I 
11o71 
, Rf ALTOM 

Modern 3 bdrm, built-ins reefer, fenced, coll 
United, 735-9121, tee 
443-3) 

 oles 

... Stnt rontina? 
Oven yow oven borne Some only two down! No credit? No prob­ lem* 922-1794, 473-4714, *74-75o9. 
PAT MCVEY BEAL ESTATE 
A MO 4 bedroom, 2 both, lanced, central boot-air $275 mo. Call tNTCRSTATE 828-o755 til f pm 
A Choice at 3-4 bedroom homos to rand. L o o m with option to buy 
Own your homo NOW! $19o to 55oo 

*” g« 9E-MMCER REALTY CO. 
-9999 Evas 494-8oo5, 342-7712 
KEY GROUP 
A.H. schools, I blk Woodridge 
Clem. 3-2, den. appliances, cen­ tral ok, drapes $325 mo. 82o-1241 ; 
733-8*oo atter 5:3o pm__________ 
Aloma Heights. Large 2-2-2CP, electric kitchen, dishwasher, con trot otr-heot, woshor-dryer con­ nection, storage space, water pd. no pots. 824o. 532-4852.__________ 
J-2 apartment, includes stove ond refrigerator, central heat and air. 
Available March 15. $18o *o4-433o, 
TU 63o7 
OEANfC OWENS REALTORS 
WRE YOU TIRED OF RENTING? 
Then bay a home. Nothing down to anyone 3 or 4 bedrooms 
*94-7429 Stator Realty 
484 *1*9 
ARMY BLVD 
3bedrooms, first floor duplex. I ’ > 
SLOCKS from Ft Sam Rent $12o. 
*55-3584, *55-2754 
REESE HENRY, REALTOR 
AT 1127 W FRENCH 
$415 mo 

MONTE VISTA 
3 bedroom, H i bath. I story. Ap pltances and window units. Ga rage with quarters 828-5471. 
S trapper N otion R ealty 
Near Ft. Sam, 3-1-1, separate din ing, 341 *o2*, 342-1847 
NEAR KELLY I bedroom, clean, private, bus. $49. 435-9144 9-7 
Near LAFB-KAF8 3-2-CP, carpet in living-m aster bedroom, ap- pllonces, fenced *73-345o 
NE 3-tVi-l, carpet, drapes, stove, fences for kids-fido 
United, 735-9121. tee (4o7-3) 
N.E. cleon 3 bedroom home, car poling, fenced yard. $2oo mo 
ROSSI REALTY 
494-77o1 
NE Oft Walzem, 3-M , fenced, $i»s mo 494 21o7 otter 4:3o wkdys 
NE 3-2 townhouse in The Glen, carpeted, air, corner lot, patio, appliances, etc. near KAFB and 
Ft. Sam $24o. *58-42*o 
New carpet, new paint, 3 bdrm oir, big fenced yard 52oo 
United, 735-9121, tee (48*-i) 
NEW townhouse for lease bedroom, 2-2'/> bath, Northeast 
Call Mark. 824-o171. 

BUSINESS 
OPPORTUNITIES ] 
© 
YOUR OPPORTUNITY 
MOCHAN ((STAMANT 
N'side. tom* SO, Hico kitwrw. 
Grots $o5,ooo yr. 9*3oo de. 
NNI MEXICAN KIST AIM ANT 
Ow nor 12 yr*., Ore** $12o,ooo. 
Nett 937,ooo yr. Geed perking. 
$33,ooo. Terms. 
MHTGKAPMING t INVESTIGATION fey accounts. WM teeth new ewner. 
Nett 
$2o,ooo yr. 
$1S,ooo *t. 
TAST NMM) DRIVE-m 
N’Eett, nice eguipment, geed leete. Nett $9ooo yr. 945oo. 
FAST WOO OPEKA T1oN 
Ake re ge. Owner 19 yrs. Alweyt bely. Nett $14,ooo yr, $12,ooo. 
HUSH RESTAURANT NORTHEAST with mixed drink lounge, ing $4o,ooo me. short hrs. loose, teats 13o, $45,ooo dn. 
CLEAN DAIRY KREUN excellent perk ing, leeds el appt., iker. $95oo. Terms. 

 fixtures, 
Orest 
*s 
$23,ooo yr. 

DAIRY OUTEN 
N'Side, reel cteen. Seats 
SO 
Good perking. Nets $15,ooo yr 
$75oo Ms. ^ 
BUSY UQUOR STORE 
N’l, hr 
I HAS?. 
BUSY NORTHSNX RESTAURANT 
Mixed drhdu. Seats 12o 
|!*o ^ o o 
NON 
14o,ooo yr. 

LAROE KUSY WASNATER1A 
Close to brxe. Grassing $33,ooo 
A nets $15,ooo yr. $95oo dn. 
N I GROOMING SALON I SUPPLIES 

 c EMPLOYMENT 
D u d 
6o2 SALES 

E xp re s s -N e w s— 

6o2 SALES 

-Friday, March I I , I 9 7 7 
Fifth Page 

SPI PooFES8IoMAL 
PRoFESS1oWA1 

Tap spot. Seat clientele. Est. 13 yrs. Nets $1o,ooo yr. $3,ooo dn. 
SEVERAL MIXED DRINK GUIS 
NC, reel money mekers, clean fixtures, goad parking, teases. 

EXCLUSIVE BEAUTY SALON 
NC, 5 operators, gross $53,ooo. 

$7*5oo d!.'ooo y1" * * ° d ***** 

S O U TH W E S T T E X A S STATE 
U N IV E R S IT Y P O S IT IO N : 

TRAFFIC SAFETY C O O R D IN A T O R 
Duties: Develop and odmm rifer traffic witty program in • 7 county area 
Work with political subdivrsiom in accessing, Impiementmg ond monitoring comprehensive community traffic safety plan Develop educational advisory program and provide long range plans in traffic safety. Requirements 
Preference will be given to candidate with o degree in Traffic Safety or Com mumty Planning. Salory: $17,ooo+, commensurate with qualifications. Sub mit resume to. 
DR. O .l. D ORSEY, D e a n 
School o f A p p lie d A rts 
SOUTHWEST TEXAS STATE UNIVERSITY 
San M a rc o s , T x . 7 8 6 6 6 
( 5 1 2 ) 2 4 5 - 2 1 o 3 
D ea d lin e : M a rc h 2 1 , 1 9 7 7 
SWTSU is an affirmative, action equal opportunity employer. 

( L l ( j a c e r r a A n 
C < r . 

7 3 5 -9 4 5 8 
2oo3 N. M AIN 
7 3 5 -8 6 1 I 

512 INSTRUCTIONS 
512 WSTBUCTIOKS 

Nice 4-2, Central heat. Private 
I fence. Big lot. Section 8 qualifies 
! 22+1919 or 927-2o24_____________ 
; Nice 4-2, Central hoot Private 
I fence. Big lot. Section 8 qualifies. j 22+1919 or 927-2o24_____________ 
I 
NO CREDIT NEEDED! 1 
Why not own your own home? 
I Just $2oo down! From $159 per 
; month 922-17o4, *73-4714, *7+75o9 
! 
Pot Mc Voy Real Estate 
4-2, N S.I.S O., near M edical 
I Center. Range, refrigerator, and dishwasher included $3oo mo. 
*8+433o, 34+42o7 
DEANIE OWENS REALTORS 
NW 3-111-1. all appl, control oir, drapes, no lease, $24o 
United, 735-9121, toe (495-2) p«"° Al,° °r#o, 3 bedroom, I bath water PG. BRENNER CO. 34+3471 
3 BDR, I BATH, large fenced yard, Roar Lackland, schools and shopping, $15o per month, 51oo dopant, *73-o9o2 ______________ 
3 bdrm, 2 bath, workshop, stor­ age. privacy fence, $19o, call 
Owttwd, 735-9121. tee (489-3) 
B eautiful rock house on one wooded acre, Grey Forest, $3oo. ma. 995-9o98 ofter *pm._________ 
I 
Bedroom apt. 
Stove, ceCrfqdrcrtor, $9o. mo t-899-2985 
3 Bedroom. 2 baths, townhouse, opptionces, central air-heot. cor­ ge!, d ro p t. 835o. *84-9o14______ 
3 bedroom , I *» bath, control tioot-ok, $29o mo, NE schools 4 bedroom. 2 bath, central heat-air, 
$239 mo. 
Century 21 
MONCYSAVERS REALTY 
4S+242o ANYTIME 

 home with etch garage 8914 Long 
Bronch. HUD preferred. 435-8334 

NEW CLASS NO W FORMING 
“ APPROVED FOR VETERANS” 
• C.B. RADIO REPAIR 
• RADIO-T.V. REPAIR 
I E s1X ISION TtCH- OPERATOR 
.? SADIQ BROADCAST-LICENSING 
• RADIO OPERATOR (F.C.C., I st CLASS) 

For In fo rm a tio n 

CA LL-W RITE O R V IS IT 
ELKINS INSTITUTE 
5 o 3 S. M a in 
#-», 
^ m m a 
San A n to n io , T x . 
2 2 3 * 1 8 4 8 

AIR CONDITIONER 

ENGINEER 
Oklohomo Qty kit (onditioninq 
Manufacturing has on immediate position open for a mechanical engineer experienced in Hermetic cur conditioning design 
Pref­ erably small heat puma opera hon fxcellent salory with future 
AH replies will be kept con fidenhol Please rand resume to 
INTERNATIONAL 
ENVIRONMENTAL CORP. 
5ooo SW 7th STRITT 
OKLA. OH, OKU. 73125 
ATTN: Al BRA VTUS 

6o2 SALES 

SPI BUSINESS OPPORTUNITIES 
512 INSTRUCTIONS 

PARK VILLAGE 
3-1-CP, fenced, stove and re ­ frigerator, $185. MORRIS REAL- 
TY, *54-o*1*.____________ 

2 Bedroom house. 1211 N. Hamit tan St., $11o mo $5o dep. dovs 
22+1>73, tikes 732 132*._________ 

RENTALS 
WE HANDLE 
Choice NE Rentals 
BUDDY UECKER 
$2+73*1. 1324 Austin Hwy 
Section 8 OK here. 3-1-1. appl air, large den, fenced, $1*5 
United, 735-m i, tee (485-3) 
Shenandoah 3 bdrm , cen tral weather, built-ins, lust $215 
Untied, 735-9121, tee (488-3) 
Sierra North 3 bedroom, 2 bath, 2 car garage, completely carpeted, central heal oir. *53-5918 ofter 5 pm weekdays 
■ 
Southside, 3 bedrooms, fonced. 
515o. mo. >5o. Pep. 923-4984 

OFFSET PRINTING Businoss for rent or loose. Fully eautpped with new A B D ick,3*o CD Press, screened platem aker.otc. Will consider profit sharing with qualified pressman. 828-4885 er 
82+1*44 
____ 
• Own Your Own Businoss" White 
Auto Stores, 391o Call Field Rd 
Wichita Falls. Tx (8)7)492 34)8 
Pendulum Lounae, ideal mph) spot near Lackland Air Force 
Bose, con atter 4:oo pm, 473-4154. 

D A Y & N IT E C LA S S E S 
NEW CLASSES 
BEGIN MARCH 14th 
Keypunch, Secretarial. Account­ ing, Drafting ond AM Other Busi­ ness Courses 
Vet Approved. Enroll Now 
D U R H A M C O L L E G E 
1o5 SAN PEDRO 
22+ 54o1 

PLANT and GIFT SHOP 
N E. Under $5,ooo. Coll 455-4o22 or 
*55-5*o4 

S135 $16o. 
WL OMC O RO and BASSE RO. t-2 Bedrooms Gas-Water Pd. 
493) BASSWOOD >42 37o2 l-l-l, Camelot I, all kitchen ap primeces. carpet, covered and screened patio, storage budding, fenced. >225 mo *54 *7*2. 
CAMELOT ll 
* body lins, 2 baths, 2 car earaee. a root etc* house Leas* S3oo mo 
*$$-35o4, ASS-27 54 
REESE HENRY. REALTOR 
CAMELOT ll. Lovely 3-1, $275. 
Month >22 3 - 
' moated I bdrm in Alamo Hts air, $175 
I 
Matted, 73+9121, too (4o3 2) 
CASTLE HILLS duplex. 2-2-2, electric kit­ chen, Utility Teem. large storage area. $325 water od Yard main j tamed. 
4999479. 
Aker 
7pm 
*9+7o*g. j 
4715 Cheddar 3-2 den nice .. $26o 
1o7 Batta rd 3-1 Soc $ .............. $151 
BAENEBEY AGENCY 
34 1 4455 
Cleon. 2-1 house, elderly couple, ne children, *55-3348___________ 
Cleon, antu rn 2 bedroom house, 
$14o me couple only, no POH. 
______________________ 
Close ta town, I bdrm dualox, fenced tor pen. lust $4o 
Darted, 738-9121, tee (4o5 2) 
4-1-2, club p rivileg es. $1oo; ma.+doe, outran to buy. *5+7572; 
P M iPi__________________ 
CONDOMINIUM FOR RENT 
Tarite Creek Area, All new ap 
•hone#*. I bedroom J bath, fully 
<eructed $35o monthly plus dep 
14)9134 ar 342-4933____________ 
Country 2 bdrm en 3 acres, den, born. stall $25o 
United, 73+9121, tee (493 3) 
OO YOU WANT to rent or loaso 
Witt! option to buy or own your own home? $2oo-5*5o mo. Call 
INTERSTATE 82o o/55 til I pm 
Ouptex. tt*o. Doe Loaso, water 
OO* Kines Hwy 732 52o9 

STOP LOOK ING t Call now for a large selection of 3 and 4 bedroom homos to rent, lease with option to buy or own Priced from $229**5o mo. Com til 8 P.M. 
Executivo Reel Estate 82+5345 
SIDO tokes this big I bdrm, CP, appl it needed 
United. 735-9121, tee (482-1) 
TERRELL HILLS 
J bedroom, 2 bath, cont, hoot-air. 
5275 mo Alto. 3 bedroom, 2 bath. 
N E. *235 mo 3 bedroom. I both, cent hoat-air. *185 mo *5+1234 
RED CARPET 
TOWNHOUSE 
Beautiful living, carefrae. con­ veniently located. 3-2-2. Garden patio to Borage Ftropioce 
TH E G O LD E N K E Y 
Apartment Locators 828-5739 
TOW NHOUSE 3 Bedroom s. 2 baths, carpet, washer-dryer conn. 
$25o. plus utilities *55-2*25. IO to noon, oftor 9:3o ovos. 
TRI P LEX, I bedroom, rongo. refrlg ., tonced yard, walk to elementary t i l School, oft Roo­ sevelt and Mitchell $15 and $11o plus utilities. 494-5o1* oftor 5. 

PROFIT OPPORTUNITY 
Dunn A Bradstreot says ‘Coin 
Operated Laundry and D ry 
Cleaning $tores are one of two industries with tho least failure figures.’ 
KWICK WASH cain operated laundry and dry cleaning test stores tor solo. 
WE HAVE choice laundry loca­ tions in every part of San Antonio ready to build now. 
BANK RATE FINANCING 
For information call Ed Floyd 
$12 *o4-3771 or visit our w ar- ehouse-showroom at 54o3 Jack- wood, San Antonia. Tx 7o23o 
Ford Commercial Solos Inc 
Tho World's Largest 
Speed Queen Distributor 

Southwest School of Medical As sistoncc 224-229* 115 Broadway 
Veteran Inquiries Welcome 
Texas Vocational School 
;MM3iiS;F l o r e s ^ ^ ^ 
225i3253 
6o1 PROFESSIONAL 

L IB R A R IA N 

Master * Degree in library 
Science from a school credited by the American library Association. Special training 
Bibliotherapy desirable. 
Salary 
$876 monthly. 

Contact Personnel Office 

San A n to n io 
S ta te H o s p ita l 
532-8811 

Equal O p p o rtu n ity 

A ffirm a tiv e A ction Em ployer 

 r 
I 
I 
I ii 

A N O P E N 
LETTER 

I am grievously disturb­ ed and distressed about your present status. 
Please call me — if you con satisfactorily ex­ plain how your last job or two got away from you, I might be able to offer the best sales op­ portunity you ever in­ vestigated, and place you on our payroll by tomorrow. 
Must have some post experience in direct selling. No out of town travel. 

Call weekdays 
924-42o8 

HAVE YO U EVER THOUGHT 
ABOUT REAL ESTATE SALES? 
G «t the Answers at 
NAYLOR REALTY 
CAREER NIGHT SEMINAR 
W ednesday, March 16, from 7 to 9 P.M. 
TURTLE CREEK C O U N T R Y CLUB 
3 8 3 o Parkdale 
Find out the answers to these im portant questions: 
•6 W h o should be in Real Estate S a le s? 

 i t W h at are the challenges and requirem ents? 
★ H ow long does it take to becom e prod uctive ? 
★ H ow are soles people p a id ? 
★ C a n wom en sell successfully? 
★ Is training im portant? 

•k H ow much m oney can I m a ke ? 
(Learn about our unique Commission Schedule) 
★ W h y some fail while others succeed. 
★ H ow can I take a d va ntage of N a tio n a l TV advertising, national referral system s and national training courses offered by 
NAYLOR REALTY GALLERY OF HOMES? 
PLEASE CALL 6 5 6 -5 5 2 o FOR RESERVATIONS 
Refreshments W ill Be Served. 
NAYLOR REALTY GALLERY 
OF HOMES 
Serving San Antonio Since 1945 

6o2 SALES I SOB RESUMES 
R e l ia b l e r e s u m e s 
W RITTEN REASONABLY 
*99-1o1$ 
8 t i l l MES—PROFESSIONAL 
SERVICE 
818-o/42 
6o6 ADMINISTRATIVE 
FINANCIAL 

COST ACCOUNTANT 

With college degree + a minimum of 3 years ex perience within a manufac­ turing environment. Salary 
$12,ooo to $13,ooo per year. 

Please Send Resume ond 
Salary Requirements: 

MS. STEWART 
P O. BOX BH OOI 
Son Antonio, TX 78284 

 er Calf 735-9392, #*9.176 

(qual Opportunity Irrqrioyer 

REDW ORM S Buy back con trocts, time payment plan, Har­ vest machines and beaks availa­ ble. 
A rnold's 
Worm 
Farm 
Inc.,44o7 Oriskany. San Antonio, 
TX 78247 *5+oo14 Answering service 49+733) 

Try this 3-2 with appt, full carpal, oir, fenced. $1*5 
United, 73+9121, tee (4G+3) 
WE HAVE A VARIETY OF REN 
TAL* priced from $1*5 to $295 me. 
Let our staff assist you in select mg a home that meets your needs und budget. 
C e n t u r y 21 
DELANEY REALTY *53 o55o 
Welfare special! 3 bdrm house tor 
$5o. fenced, hurry 
United, 73+9171, tee ( r n n 
414 ROOMS, UNFURNISHED 
ROOM!. Clean, carpeted, newly remodeled, en bus tine. Near 3 colleges 733 7775 
416 ROOMS RITH BOARD 

ANY AGE mate or female. I Good meals doily. >1*o mo. 735-2949 
DUPLEX NW AREA. AVAILA 
____ 
418 WMH TI KWT BB lEASt 

Economy 2 bdrm. $oo. no tooso, no dap. kids-pets OK 
Parted, 73+9)21, toe <5o1 I) 
E X C L U S IV E 
L U X U R Y con- donsMMum H r lease Custom lec­ tures. boat, tennis, fireplace To­ tally eautpped. trees, view et city, 
83+999*. CB QIU. 
________ 

REPOSSESSED! Must sell this month. Low down payment. No personal liability loan Mobile home park in Kingsville. Tx. with curbs, pool. re c .room . Good condition— lust needs supervision. Consider any trad*. 
I TTT 
_____________ 
SELF SERVICE CAR WASHES tor sale Two 4-bay self-service car washes. Cash only! By owner—Principals only! *53-3874; 
337-431o.______________________ 
SPECIALITY LING ERIE SHOP 
Ownor retiring, wit! train buyer 
ROSSI REALTY 
494-77o1 I 
TURN KEY, Lu -a o tiding, fix­ tures and stock Neighborhood 
Drive in located en Mater hwy. and near housing development. 
Bobbie Anderson. GREIN-CAMP 
BELL REALTY. S A 
*595131. 
1 379-2*34,_____________________ 

HEMPHILL 
MCCOMBS FORD 
STARTING A CARBERT 
THINKING ABOUT A 
CAREER CHANGE? 
We need people who want to be trained for a career rn automobile sales 
WE NIED PEOPLE WHO: 
— Aggressive and enthusiastic 
— Need to make large incomes 
— Hove confidence m their oddity to succeed 
— Hove management potential 
— Hove no automobile soles experience 
WE OFFER TO THOM PEOPLE: 
— Group health and lite 
Insurance programs 
— Selling tools not ovarial)!* a1 other dealerships 
— Intensive training program 
— Guaranteed SI S M PIUS per year it you follow our proven sal* program 
» 

 i!y in parson to Lynn Giosot nday through friday 2 to S p rn 
Or colt 777 8611 for appointment 

H U M A N SERVICES 
SUPERVISOR 
Tor held mental health program 
Bachelor s degree in social work, mental heotth or closely related field with extensive experience in community mentol heotth'social services Strong supervisory od mmisfrohve skrits Must be pro­ ficient in English Spanish. Start­ ing salary 19,6oo a p p ly in parson 
M e x ic a n A m e ric a n 
U n ity Council 
2 3 o o W . C om m erce 
San A nton io 7 8 3 o 7 affirmative oction 
_______employer MZF______ 

STUARTS ladies’ Wear 

Has opening for expenenred Assis font Manager 
Excellent starting salory, fully pard compony benefits, 
Hue 
(toss Rue 
Shield. 
Motor 
Medical, pension plan, paid holidays, pard vocation, merchan­ dise discounts ond more 

Apply at Stuarts lower level 
Windsor Pork Wall 
IO o.m.-9 p.m. 

GENERAL OFFICE or 
COLLECTIONS 

Hoed experienced General Office 
Fersonnel with some rollertioh borkground General Office duties involves filing, interviewing ond working occounts 
Apply in Person to 
Mr. Jurica 
9 A.M. to 6 P.M. 
L F D /BLEDSOE 
FU N N . C O . k 31 5 I. Commerce 

• Assistant M anager 

• Sales Personnel 

I 
PIX SHOES 

I • Store Manager 
| • Cashiers I Stock 

I Openings now available for Son Antonio s newest Pi* Shoe ■ 
J Store on Wobem Rd. across from Windsor Park Mall. tx- I 
I cedent opportunity to join one of America s fastest growing | 
I shoe companies. Profit sharing, paid vocations and medical - 
“ insurance available. 
Apply at Pix Shoe Stores 

* 73oo San Pedro 
694 S.W. Military 

Accountant needed recent arad 
BBA-$5So *84 I*** 
_ 

COM PT ROL LER-HOT EL 

Needed im m ediately. Hotel experience i* nece»*ary. Ex­ cellent working condition*. 
Good salory, benefit*, Oooty in industry tor advancement. 
Property i* beautiful only o year old ond part at a large magm t corp 
For interview coll 
JOTN RIJO* 
(512) 722-2411 

N U R S IN G H O M E 
A D M IN IS T R A T O R 
Wanted for lorge nursing home in 
Abilene Texas Excellent salary and benefits Experience o must 
Send resume to 
EXPRESS NEWS 
BOX 4549 
San Antonio, Tx. 78297 

'S U S S 

■■rat 
REAL 

ESTATE 
SALES 

 aggressive agents prefer bi lingual, lull time 

CHILD CARE 
SPECIALIST will work in child mentol health program, bachelor s degree rn tody childhood. elementory, special education or closely rotated field Previous experience highly desirable Must be proficient hi 
I qiish'Spontsh 
Storting salory 

 apply in person 
M e Rican American 
Unity Coattail 
2 3 o o W . Commerce 
San Antonio 7 8 2 o 7 affirmative octton employer M 'F 

RIA L ESTATE SALES 

Our continuing expansion has opened residential soles positions for career-oriented persons with or without experience Tour suc­ cess potential is thoroughly ex­ plored in our confidential in­ terviews 
Extensive m-heuse framing program 
Colt 
BHI 
McGinnis - Brook hollow 
Office 
494 7651 or Jerry begrave - San 
Pedro Office 824-o121 

 k o s o u r & k f i i m ^ 

I REALTORS SO YRS Of TRUST 

I need 2 lingual 
• 6o'/o Commissions Paid 
• Excellent working conditions 
• Plenty of Lends 
TOU Will UK! USI 
SAN ANTOMO RIAL ESTATE 
Realtors—349-6531 
3231 WEST AVE. 

“ IM M EDIATE” 
I need one good salesman who is: 
1. W illing to work hard 
2. H as go o d driving record 
3. N e e d s to m ake at least $ 1 , o o o per month 
For 
LaredO'Eagle Pass-Del Rio 
Apply at 

WANTED: Responsible person with necessary equipm ent to operate Caliche gravel pit, ap proved for stat* end federal roads Far appt can Mrs Ruby 
7612*11 
WE BUY 
Businesses and Inventories 
J KAHN A ASSOC 342 4422 

WORMS 
We buy worms under contract 
Warm growers needed 
512 453-5144 
WORM ENTERPRISES 
5o2 BUSINESS OPPORTUNITIES 
WANTED 

EXECUTIVE S HOME 
C H U R C H ILL H I. Lovely 3 be­ droom. 2 both, family room with fcreatace. draperies and carpets, cent boof and air Mony trees 722 

Goy Chipman Co I 

, >28-5533 

T o m .., styled 3 bdrm. Westwood. appt, aer, screened perch $179 
Darted, 73+912), fee (488 t) 
*427 FOR t ST SHADOW 
Cern, fireplace 4-2-2 *315 
$5)1 KEYSTONE 
Own with ftropioce 3-2-2. $325 
7221 MOSS CREEK 

Wont to rent tor vacofion. 4 be­ droom house on toko ail or part et 
July. 1-34+5244 

M i • id sm tss opportunities 
Back From went 1ox12 office. terms, tree delivery 924-5443. 
CB PRODUCTS. 14 established locations 
Sm all invaslm onf required *7+39*4____________ 
CLUB FOR SALE 
S5o44. rent 5*54. geed nerthstd* < location II I General Krueger eft 
47o4 Blanco ALSO 2o99 sa lf 
341 8134 Of 342 o933____________ 
COCKTAIL LOUNGE • In town, | choice location, on going money making business. Good lease. riced to soil Coll *55 1434 

E xperienced and dynam ic individual seeks business or ac­ tive partnership In going opera­ tion in San Antonie- Austin area 
: (Capital to invest). Will answer all replies Write to W. Katimon 53o7 
•roadway. Suit* 237. San Antema. 
I T I. 
A afer Well Drilling business us- m^cablo^ooMjhj^JSIi+lT+TlOJI^ 

5o4 MONEY TO LEND ti 5 OoOoTTvoTTqTTTTor^Ige'O 
I recievabte* Coil 149 8444 

CivU 
Son ivH Engkwor 
A n ton io, T e x a s 

Appkotrom dewed: Graduate Civil 
Engmeor with 4 or mere years ex- ana/i potence in design end/or ton struftion af sewage treatment works et a simitar gened af employment with dolt or loc el government in work directly rotat­ ed to th* operation, mam ie no net. rehabilitation, and expansion of sewage treatment works 
Mer personal formkanty with fedora! ond stat* requirements far the operation of sewoge treatment plants is tughfy desrrabie Must be qoakhed 
(indurate tor future registration as Frofesstonoi Engr near m State af Texas Preference given ta applicants who ort already 
Registered 
Professional 
Engineers in 
Texas 
Salory nog* noble 
Excellent hinge benefits Send resume to San An­ tema liver Authority, PO lex 
9714, Goriboou Station. San An 
- tame. Texas 782o4 

WANTED 
TRUCK DRIVERS 

Must have 3 yean experience rn tang hou! and handling Oil Held 
Pipe Must relocate to Uvolde. 
Texas tai 

GENESCO INC. 
512-278*5666 
Equal Opportunity Employer 

SALESMEN 
WANTED!! 

-N E W 8 USED 
CARS— 

* Mutt bo tip * n mr cod 
* Excellent Pay 
* Excellent Benefits 

DEVINE, FORD, 
INC. 
SJL Phono 
677-82oo 

MAL t it F announces Hie opening of o full tim* staff attorney posi­ tion os protect director of a South 
Texas Prisoners Right Prelect 
The position will include or garni- mg and implementing a newly founded services pragrem serv­ ing prisoners at th* Bexar County 
Jail Protect director will lead a small program providing p ri­ soner* with bail counseling, coon 
■ soling et undocumented worker* 
I facing immigration charges and 
I or deeoriatian procoding* Tram 
, mg and supervising a paralegal in 
I performing duties on behalf of the 

EQUITABLE 

COFFEE SHOR 
Grossing over $199,494 
In medical building Send certiorate resume lo 
EXPRESS NEWS BOX 4*41 
SAN ANTONIO.TX 78297 

H I 

 r n 

75o? PHU SPRING* 

SPM ARBOR RIDGE 
Townhouse 
I DAN DURYEA 

523o 

*234 j 

*335 

•o34 HUBENER RO 
I home en 
> acre l l plus tamriy room *244 with children 
$145 ne children 
Century 21 
W H IT E N *AD HOLIDAY 

6ooo DEAL 
I bartr eons* home in E Terrell 
Per vole ar tor leas* with 

' c o m p a s s r e a l t y 
o9+1*41 494 3412_______ 
•**844LANO PARK. I bedrooms 
- r n 
W U N !--------------------------- 
Highroad* +11. storage, has MPI. ae toped. »4H OK $194 
United. 73+9121 left 1*1* l i _ 
HOMES • S2oo DOWN! 

C O U N TR Y L IV IN G 
LUMBER 
M ILL 
ANO! 
WAREHOUSE 
Approx. *oo9 sa ti .downtown 
Castor .ill* 53o.o44 Owner will 
*42o finance 
Colt 
Hunter schuehle 
♦91-1714 
FRANCHISE O P P O R TU N ITY ' 
Sell orabemaster Hond Tools ond 
Sperfinp Goods to established re­ tail accounts Prelected territory 
A late model step von or similar truck and a moderate 4-ftpore | investm ent tor inventory is j required Ne franchise tee Con­ tact 
Mr Kelly, coifed, 
I (713)o4+7411 
GROWING BEAUTY SHOP 
, 
Good area on West Ave 5**49 buys att supplies end fixtures 
San Ar m Rail Estate 
3231 West Ava 
349 6531 

TRUST COMPART 
We special!!* in th* purchase af: 
•Chattel or Real Estate Notes eFmancral Leasing 
•Factoring Accounts Receivable 
INQUIRE AT 224-9314 
1911 NBC Bldg 
San Antonie I wife 6 a w n -------------- 
BUT HAVE NO CREDIT??? 
Cat! Union Finance 223 *971 
Ready lush to purchase your real estate mortage* 225 147$. 
------- 
JUST PROMISE TO PAY 
AAA CREDIT m 
* ?4f 
Starting, expanding intangible account* rtc *iv o 9 t*...C Q *h j available tor these and ether money needs Coll *73-9457 hew 
Starling expanding intangible i accounts re c e iv a b le ...cash ; available tor these and other money needs Coli *73-9457 new 
Silt FIRMfCIAl IMVtSTMtHH 
""'Tarn'mJTcrfmdeTwMNeer! 
S 1o,999 operating cast new business ($12)979 2*94 after SPM 

NOTICE TO 
JOB APPLICANTS advertisement* « lh t i* (alumni a t o.(*p*d en fh« yrtm u (hot (Ob* et 
(•red art! bt hied en th* bests el m«nt without duo round mn becous* of Hi unless th* pb n • bone!** et cupo'roeoi qualification 
EM PLO YM EN T 
AGENCIES lh* Sen Salem* frivol• fmptaynwnl 
!, tonal ion ho* • rigid (od* of Lihue 
Ie whet! od ifs a I vote •mgtaymeni 
Of*net member* wbsmb* for rn ta'matron about pivot* *111o1o, o1* 11! oat ne ion oi oc iron on lomptamt* cal) 
2*4 79o2 el 
Hi* 
Bene* losroeks lur MU 

512 INSTRUCTIONS 

GUEST RANCH 
445 Acres end equipment tor sue caseful operation et en* et the 
M t M I 9 l 9 6 L l l T 6 T I - f i t t?l* driest resort ranches in Texas 
-3=^ S------ 
- rO e d rbom ERNEST SOARD 
IN P le a sa n to n 
Tx 

Lochtaad Terraco 3 BeErgeM. I 
Rpm. Carport, Enclosed Screen 
Pedro SI74 Me *74 83/8 
______ 
LAPRE UPPER *44. 
' 
IW L o *o o *4 HOUSE t it ! 

VARNER REALTY 

1 w*»r i V ^ T ffo T ^ 

 i t l l 
L B A I! Ce 
V SMITH 494 rn * 

• f * - 

Cende norm we si 
544-927) after 

3 3 1. kscotad to Door Rap RPM * 
• eh roarafa« Rod rh opes •*< tad#* 
4849 me *94 4919. 3*4 *297 
IN S E tA k T Q R j un,eh' hue." 
1 e *ii I'* * 

 turn.shed lite 
179) ». Mech- 

EM PM 49+4JJ4. im 
M 
O 
M i i >. CdrpOf n«l 
+ 1-2-carpel nepal* lies 
LOUI 
54+ IH S rapfgpn 6 ben | j | m * m e o * c K c l i f t ■ • i i i ' . ? " ' * , ; 2 t a n . Polo*.'” * - astern ften*n 
C * H * R 4 H 4 ff Pons a de stoned tebt fewnppws* td M ‘ PTO* f#» 
1 nu framing tar laced fOi» toed imp gross) 4 I * m d ta *a»* ta o w n wctoEMM etactfM # *« *•* f e r E S h r f f i S 
H * Hh» 494 rift/ 
Mrte s *RP«raF» j i m opp) Ort 
M i PW99* lanced $149 
UxrttaTI M f ift 
I H I ! ! 
IM hip $44 Dee i l l IS P * * , 

H I S S — 
— 
— 

• •tunnelled eta furniture sad en baw es business far sola WHI take 
117.494 Cash tar entire stack On busy HWY HS Seguin I 379 *44* days 379 5912 attar 5 14 
Lounge tar rent 
Me JAM lounge 
Slf f JI ll-U ti-'iS 
----------- l o u n g e en PUBiEiiiib Id Fe) 
Iv tRIHBRDd Priced I* SPM 

LOUNGE terne deled pod cern pie 
Ppptpr ped N 
A teat money men lh tie lei* 
■ ew er metier ifJ L ii**!* 
MOTH IN M U COUNTRY 
Successful M ale! in the M ill 
Ceunti v en U t ISI tar sot* 
14 
Unit*. 4 ppprimenfs. end J a* proem attice On I tan cif* brack 
TV M bdcb end 

K E Y 

P 
U 
N 
C 
H 

4 S h o rt W « * k t 

Offerer Trrolertte, ton 
Compotor Optraftom 
Campti tai Programming 
I ti a >,., 51 pi 1.1 
NT**• IwfBg 

Matted We rf tory 
Mur sa 5 Atte Of Early 

Coll 224-9216 
CBM 

IdwcofHMi ta tte r 
112! 

AiCbentpi.. needed with bio in fund accounting and budgets. send resume Ie P O le x 372*2 

ADJUSTOR SI o.ooo 
Exp only I Any held) Cali 
SPEARS PERSONNEL SRV 
247 Jackspn-Keirar 
124 1292 
AN ilif f t m 6U LV I'm a young business man well cepitaiiied seeking working eartner ta hole 
I expand business. Cat) *44-3334 tor 

{ IT V O F > L A ? 6 n i6 . is accept 
•na application* tor the position et 
1 Police Officer Prefer certified, i Salary open. Send Resume with 
Picture to 
J f BOYD, PO BOX 
37$. FLATONIA. TX 71941 
" " - E M I H U IH U I 
Civil Enp inter trig Draftsmen 
Consulting engineering firm has on opening for a civil engineer and a civil engineering draftsman with g minimum of lyre axe en subdivision improvement* end municipal preiects Salory cern m ensural# with ability Phone 
549-9151 tar gppf. immediaTe opening - Minimum J yrs pi eg r ommin* caper lence De tapeint or GE Time Sharing bust ness system s, Top benefits,' 
Excellent eppeifunity. Celt Mr. 
Oewdeil. Oewce Dale Services. 
Dumps. Texas, 214 *37 4444 

 iroiect ond tending to th* general legal and pornii-gni needs of th* prisoners as well at preparing pamphlets explaining th* legal 
1 rights of guards and prisoners. 
Opening date: im m ed iately 
Qualification* 
Mutt be licensed j ie erotics law in Texas, obi* to i wrife clearly, bilingual Salary, negotiable depending en exoer- 
I ranee Contact Send resume and writing sample to Joaquin Avile 
MALOEF 3o1 N SI Marys. San 
Antonio 742o5 512-22+547* 
6kG A N l$f auoliheri musician Ie play Conn organ Sundays tor 
Unify Church 824-7351, evenings 
*81-1423 Rev Qts sen_______ 
~ Pr 1.. . 1 o" Lines Underwriter 
Must have 2 yrs exp underwrit­ ing personal property and family 
I automobile Salary open Conrad 
I Jerry Muter 72+24o1 
Professional Ixpcirtive 
Consultants inf'l 
Personnel Consultants 
4343 IN IO, Suite 444 
51+71* 22*3 
T i e t on? as-sS c i a i e s ------ 

Hxcellent income available for spare tim * work. Call 13/ **94 aft*' lpm 

 i(ced en t opportunity for large commistion income for quality residential salesperson with GUY 
CHIPMAN , REALTORS Prefer individual residing in the North east area Specialiied training available Pleas* call RICHARD 
KRAUSE. Manager, *53-7341 for an appointment We have open­ ings m the office al 12412 Nacog 
Ouches All inquiries confidential 

MFA.____ A l . « _ _____ 

■ 
REALTORS 

LOKEN STEINER, SALES 
MANAGER ii intervitwmg 

1 for agents. Offering per­ 

 sonal training for you to 

 become successful in Real 

Eliot#. 
Call for interview 
341-1477 or 696-992o 
HOHENBERGER 
COLLINS CO. 

SALESMAN 
-ESTIMATOR 
Well established taco! com pony, requires person copable rn 
Seiling end estimating jobs of wood haste* ana compone nil 
Compony cor ond Benefit* 
Abrin** writ determine rotary Resume requested p o lex a a s 
SAN ANTONIO, TX. 71216 

Ell 11 B IN rn 11 l h 
* m s e m s m a t m m im m A 
•U L (STAT! ULIS 
The led 
Carpet office on 
Nacogdoches Id he* opening* now lei 3 professional role* people lf you are interacted in raudentwf tote* rn the choice 
NL aroo cmd hove et leo*! I yr experience, col now for con fidontrof internee 
(xcolent working environment 
(lint 

5o1o W «»t Avenue 
W o rld 's la rg e s t T e rm ite A P ast C o n tro l C o. 

STANLEY SMITH 
SECURITY, INC. 
Now Accepting Apparation* For 

SECRETARY 

With 2-4 yrs. experience ' tequne* typing 6o-65 wpm ond dn'nphnne 
Snorthond deura- ble. but net etsontwi Apphcont* mould be neat in appearance ond hove obritty ta work under pressure 
Apply In Forsan 
Mon -fri., 9-5; Sot., f-1 
. < 
SfANLEY 
>T3 
' 
SMITH 
^SECURITY INC 

~ 211 West Olmos 
!q»ol Opportum1, implorer 
I 

C 
A 
N 
D 
Y 
S A 
L 
E 
S 
Sales Person Needed for Son Antonio area, colling on established ond new ac­ counts spiling a quolity line of boxed chocolates and candy bors. Experience preferred Bonus, company car, expenses cmd liberal benefits provided. Excellent op­ portunity for o career minded person Send resume to. 
PANGBURN COMPANY 
P.O. Bo* 65, Fort W orth, Th . 761o1 c /o Mr. W illiam R. Trapp e q u a l o p p o rtu n ity e m p lo y e r 

WANTED: 
GIRL FRIDAY 
Rtol (stat* roles and mo nog* meet compony is new toking ap phcohon* tor Mattery - girt 
'• 'in, Mu*! ta professional wan ting long term omptaymoni Ex 
(•Hon! opportunity tor con 
(mucus advancement Mutt have 
«i retie rn skill* typing, short hond. dictating equip. bookkeep mg ond more Ne cleck watcher* please Excellent rotary range All inquiries confidential 
Must be abl* to start rnmwdwtoty 
Coil Mrs. Watson 
225-436s* SLmfer 

■ Employment Service ■ 
•Ste A Son Pedro 82*-9441 lB ? U E T t i r » » t f t R i 

INDUSTRIAL EN6RS 
Need 4, B ill . 4-2 yrs esp**ranee lib IIM Ie* PPM Coli John Vest 
Lock* 6 mplovillein Service 
12+4471 
244* Coopee isf n i i f l i Bt t i f l N n m idrib tar a prest to* r •taH ariste tor etui free lancing* lf interested in week inn en • pf tries sienpi Basis teM 344 9891 r T O R T O * M u m m u t 
o9*9 Maiden* A ASSOC 
( t i l ) 
M I U S S brace 1441 
Not 9 piecemeal agency 
B T I a r u r m n r a i i m r 
MIER I f l K I B lL iN G U A l IN 

Swwnmraq peel ene err 
•h p rats e> vee eon em ti aes »»' 
Dew* 6w*»#« rota tinge! » borane* is »% peer ie Beats Aero Nee* 
I SA* 4994 

Fmms* ritgb Sc heel ar Men# 
Diatom* a warded Ag* fee* Ort 
{bur* t eh Aurar icon bebops leer 
•roe 1499*114111 
Hi i I R l i m i R 
T t fU ~ 
IIM Tvra i t RMtErt fw ta r n M il 

TR HNAT iO NA l ACCOUNT Bk 
CCUTIVB to cover M eeu * CMv end surrounding MSOus" rat et vex inquires HnnmrsgtoBPgqrt saras 
•aperranee l i o t a x l sqtarv ppd eMppspve* benefits le n d re sunset to 
CONSOL 1 4 * 1 1 D 
S P I lo h Iw a vs taltrppiiengi 
IS N S M B t f M M N , l l I in fie i* 
D rive Manra Mark. Catrferniq. 
« Toots 
An 
8 qapl 
Queer ten*) v 
6 m f if f y* 

 tn fe lliy tn l, responsible in-1 dividuals required tor unifermed security Men er women Com mission-experienced preferred 
APARTMENT JOBE Of S A 
824* I TS 
I muiuymont censultonts 
I thorpe Personnel Service 
I 
*122 Severeiqn Dr. 
Surf KO (512)149 3541 
TEACHERS! 
Specratinng Teacher placement 
SPEARS PERSONNEL ERV 
I 
347 Jocktpp-Keiler 
828 1293 

I insu" once company needs a roc ai person ie sell and service insurance sui reundtnp ban Antonio l i f e r ranee desired but net necessary 
Proper lr amma provided Start in* salary negotiable with a raise in 4 weeks- Cab R.L. Lantern 
54+15 52 
A IB V6U TH IM O N S oTrari7n i the en* thine everyone needs- 
Real i stole? We ll train full er borttim * Easy ie de with our special professional trpininp school -ne experience necessary 
We furnish an bevors end sellers for you end hole you eof licenses auickiy 
Call IN T E R S T A T E 
W O by M f BM 

Avail 
To buy or sen 
Cum IU 4941 
“ 
B u r a v n TW I I i i u i t i 
Our sates people m e* end women Pre *o1 nm* metier ne I* 
IIM per weak ne esp net Need 
1 Cdr end ernkrtran vee deserve Ie have our new epperlnity celt 
Tem Pf Bart 34* 444), 34 9 4 3 91 
I t a r * yr 8344d)4 Nights 

 a e m M m 

FARM AND RANCH SALES 
Call J.M Cmllinan, Realtor 
BOB JONES, REALTOR 
___________ 344/541 
Poe! trowing wholesale paper and lanitorlal supply company needs ambitious sales rapreten 
! (olive who hot been calling on 
, local trade or has experience in sales. Excellent company ben 
, efrts Salary and commission Coll 
Ronnie tor appt I4am-2pm, Ma tero Paper Co 221-9412 
P lg L 6 £ 6 J N $ E L L 6 ft-------- 
Mature individual to do field ser­ vice tor Federal Em ployees 
Benefit Market this area Must be solid citizen have peed cor 
! willing to work We supply in­ quires tra in m i, finance You 
I supply th* talent. Give resume tolerances, on* picture in ftrtl letter. All inauires confidential ond prom ptly ocknow ledaed. 
Write Apoisey Directer. F E B A 
P o Box 9372, Austin Tx 78744 
, Per serial interviews last 2 weeks 
■in March 

FULL CHAR6E 
MANAGER 

618 • BfFfCt I Clifflet. 

IMMEDIATE OPENING 

COMMERCIAL LINES CLERK 

(Rating and W riting) 

STRUNK INSURANCE CO. 

2 2 5 - 2 9 9 1 

Experience Necessary t e e e e e e t e e e e e e e e l 

611? SAUS_ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ 
I R M — _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ 

Ladies S pecialty Shop 
Norfhtidt location Retail sales experience with Misty customers important Apply only if you hove proven soles a b ility 
A dvan­ cement opportunity, trine* ben 
•fils, salary ebonus interview with resume 
Call Mist Taylor 
: 924-is* I 
______________ __ 

BRITANNICA qjF 11 i I sera see eora are amend ms* mqn 
.*1 emd rn » 

 ta* wit! ll urn 
Must ha** cpi dtp wars studs appl ta u * doe our terse' rota*mew 
_ c»h #ii n u t . 

FULL TIME PART-TIME 
Unusual opportunities for boles 
R epresentative in this area representinp o national known oil compony We erier positions to beth tail time end ear? time Seles 
Representatives High income end eppertunity tor a d v a n ­ cement Knewieda* et farm and industrial m achinery helpful 
Special lr a in me if tared Per per tonal 
In terview 
Air 
M ail 
Qualifications, nam *, address. phone number ta 
DON EVANS 
Dept i f T, Box 47843. Dallas 
Texos 75247 riuM’ANB B ia r i t l U t l N t * ! It ye* ore inputtneas can fellow instructions end desire tutee*" dante, we may novo the exact 
Odrf lime Ow tines s tar yea Send e sheri ratter ie ( sprats News, Boe 
Ne 4)23 78197 We tam Ceti ild v e'T openings In telephone salts EOM . full time or part nm* 
Apply WSI Clition* Herb war (off 
Fredericksburg Rd af ieee dSRI between 
9 i t l l idem 
*r 
4 34 fem Oran M ills P o rtrait v«-<i v >49 1447 as* Nr Mr toed* 
1 v T m w w l l n p n i r ii amine in news#ape- sera 1 cir* r a lp h * * eta 
A p ply pl t i l * taos! 
1 Avenue lo w lie r tin t s tra it 
I E g * in * framing par md fmiK*JOTe ie e S fett In po »;O T 
I* shed hr* und idtuqMy qqenct lends tai maned cempqnv Hem ix | wild H roe* beira it) s 9 * dei 
-enc# pres*>red but npi nspnPu 
!»<* 
9Q 9 
Centai! Jo* Tragi# 
73* i|2> ti Den Vow one* U t SHI 
■— 
^ S f r w a n B v g r i f f — 
* rot I s m s sta ll ss s e ta t 
SASS i t ! - see 

 ta# need an experienced bratina aperu or we will train you rn our raasmp dept Applicants must De familiar with apt industry Inter­ ested persons must submit a let ter et references and resume ond alto hove a current real estate salesmans license Earnrnqs or# dependent en your ability end hard work ta IO work rn Austin 
Qualified persons send letters ond resumes in core of 
Personnel 
Dept. Ibid ta 
Ave. Austin. TX 
78741, r a m im w a v ■ p a g f f i ; ! start new. opportunity tor peed car rimes you pick the hours, we tram, for inter view com *54 5*14 i tfte d " ! l i e n se J f e e r i s l e r * events rn our Southside office iq rn between 113.o4# and 135 4o4 per year bunny ond settint rear 
• slot* en a slat* wide basis No experience necessary will train 
JACK MITCHELL ERA 
R E A L T O R 
532 31o7 
Ht v a u i r a n ------------ 
G row ing eqpin, need m ere agent* it yea wpm a chance to 
•e ra and learn white you grew with ut com seen 
MAC REAL E ET ATB >3* 2531 

S3 PER HOUR PLUS commistion I# start, catting en 
Our c u sto m e rs Cor n e c e ssa ry 
Must be noel end clean tai 

FBSW I S 6 l l f I T B I I I n T il e I hour we win Hem Putt Ni m and uan tune Con between Sum SU"' 

 it ii" n n w u rffrawnm 
Suburban eloper iv en *-ie suits 
SSM eel month drown operas! 
> ursmaesran Ste 1 Ste e« 34* i l l * 

REM. ESTATE IM ES 
I 'miiEdridi rn tbange or appt* mg tat tray*## F Cpii mu ta- raiqtvraw n 
» iii t* u d iUmtM-ssieh 
I b r W e s s. u na I I r a in iq g . TV # # 9 * * i-srag m c# #ri-« *, pup uZtaMattun with b i v GWUUP ms Ak tots* 

ROUTE SALES 
SOFT DRINK FIRM 
SALARY ^COMMISSION 
Distributors welcome, smoil in vestment required Apply in per son only ie Pet* or Arthur atter 
3 loom af 4238 Directer Or Texas 
BeveropePockers 

’salesm en 
National Electrical manufacturer distributors, OEM and prosoec five new accounts Products are electric molars, generator, oir 1 com prettrs, ventilation equip men!, and Allied products Excel­ lent opportunity for person seek ma permanent position Must be abl* to plan and monad* cover aa* ond or ow th of soles velum* 
Salory and commission and ex j senses Usual In n # * benefits. mas! have car Praos* answer rn writing to ta ta Grainger 9 J 
Smith, P O Bex 14o8 Pasadena 
Tx 
7754*. 
Eaual 
Opportunity 
Empiever 
U L ^ U a U T'TB T iM E ------ 
*7o4+ oar week, 3 yr Irainin* program, paid fringe benefits 
Retired military mvited Cal* O C 
Green C IU Metropolitan Life 
712 *745 
Eaual opportunity t .nolo ret______ soles UearPSPPtgRVP tar bu-..n*>> machines Protective territory atter training period 142 1124 
TIie F U 6 h > { k i n --------- 
Yea may be any ap* it-74 without exp., pan or full time, hears day or niphf we want yam ta profit and be ho POV, con ut torte* 149-4719. 
349 4397 or 349 4447 m r m i T , vein spo'. ^ r - n yrs Convention banner* ortver tramp, convention beek Celt tor appt 828 5344 

1x4 
HAVE 
YOU 
EV E R 
THOUGHT ABOUT AVE YOU 
EVER THOUGHT ABOUT REAL 
E STA TE 
SALES? 
Get the 
Answers at NAYLOR REALTY 
C A R EE R N IG H T S E M IN A R 
Wednesday Morch it, from 7 to * 
P M 
T U R T L E 
C R EEK 
COUNTRY CLUB ISM PARKDA 
Parkdale Find eat th* answers ta these im portatnfq questions, tam m ttah* should be in Real 
Estate Sates? What are the chal tenges and requirements? How long does it take to become productive? Hew are sales people p a id 1 
Cen women seii successfully? is tram tn p important? How much money con 
I make? (Learn about our unique 
Commission Schedule) ________ 
VOUNG WOMAN lives rn relocates to Austin 
E "alish Soonish speak ma OK 
Excellent living conditions 
1 (512)447 1111. evening or weekend 
P O Bo* 493*4,Austin Tx 78742 

LEGAL SECRETARY 
Map corn exp required Nerihside office Salary open. Call M rs 
Gommiil 349-1377 

" " join the biggest 
Jot) Opportunity in Town 

TYPIST 
SECRETARY 
SALESMEN 
OFFSET PRINTERS 
Knowledge of Soonish Apply rn person His West Ave 

LEGAL SECRETARY 
7 y e a r s 
Legal exp erien ce required 234-1*41 

LEGAL SECRETARY 
Shorthand required Call M r*. 
Von 22+9211 
SCC? ft'f f X T V~ ill.n a u a l preferred SJH per month plus 
HS tor insurance. *4 W PM. 7 years secretariat experience Ex collen! lr ma* benefits, including it paid holidays, start immedra tbly Education Service Center 
155o NE Loop 414. appointment 
828 3551 Ort. 514 

S E C R E T A R Y to 
In su rance 
A Bent Type SSW PM. dictaphone, copy machine, manage office f i t lo S M Monday Friday Colt 
*94-97*4 for appointment 
Seeding legal secretary with i i pertence rn trial procedures and ability to perform duties with a minimum of supervision Salary commensurate with experience ond ability 327 11o4 

61o OFFICE I CLERICAL 

SOI T O M A L 

 le v veer m oron Reprta* 
9 SN(Hn pm • • AL Tv 

THELMA BPREiSSMAN 
• REALTORS• 
Wonts you jo in us now Due lo o u r c o n tin u e d g r o w th , s e v e r a l o p e n in g s h a v e been c re a te d 9u t in e s * is g e e d 
L ib e r a l c o m m is s io n e n lis t in g s b r in g y o u r 
Keens# C o lt *1+2347 to r opp t. 

TIRE COMPANY NEEDS 
ASSISTANT MANAGER t-veer ranee necessary 
Salory commensurate with esperrance 
Raid vocation heiteevs and he spital 1 aho* Please ceti tor appl 
Littleton Tire Ce *24 IMS ask for 
H u b e r' S ta n le y 

ISP NOTCH 
SOLICITOR ieper-eqcad telephone spZKttor ta t s e u f b s t q e a f r it e hours 
'Sam lpm or Skpm Com between t ti Me* s r i M r s Faster I I I S r i* 
Uqique uraeilK eaeertanrty 4 m Ii 
1)44 444 444 cempqny tor these 
•he quanta tatar y und CORMUS v-en 124 IM I 
V e n ia l 
•e b e rie rife J ’TiPTTEry vending route sqtosmqn Fur rata 

*!VwS wxhi kb"™"" 
SN IHI 1 e*etsi r a m 

167oo COMFUTtR 
SYSTEM HEID ENGINEER 

B u r r o u g h s 

Must trove enc yecx prier et penence in maintenance system one asset«*•<( peripheral* tor- roughs n an equal opportunity employer Lek 
(S I}) 226-o2o6 

N O TIC E TO 
JO B A P P LIC A N T S 
Advertisement* rn these columns 
•re accepted en rise premise the! robs offered writ be rated ce rise bests el men! without drsrnmmo iron because et sex unless rile (Ob it a bone! rte ecru perron#! quat if* Prien 
E M P L O Y M E N T 
AGENCIES 
Tiro See Antonio Trivet* Emptor men! Assedation hat a nqrt (od* at 
(thics ie which ak ifs privet# 
•mpieymeni agency members subscribe let rotor morion about private employment age ne lev ar ac­ tion en camptotnts. cad 274 79o? jMhe9erieJu»ura>s^urau^ 

DETAIL IR CHECKER 
Structural steel fabricator seek m g dee*noabi« squad leader with 
I IO veers experience rn sfractar ai. rebar and miscellaneous tor neqvy -"austria! and cern mer ital buitdmps Outstanding employee benefits end working condition* < 
Submit resume to Bes coe# Aas tin T i 
)« )** 
( l i t ) 81* 48*7 
9 taal Opportunity improver M 
P Affirmative Action 

GENERAL OFFICE 

Busy ottic* needs a sharp clerk not afraid to work 
V a n e d rou­ tine, som e direct customer contoct. 
4 o hour week p olygraph required, no phone oils 

Apply In Farson 
6127 Son Pedro 
Mrs. Smith 

. t i attn 
N f F'B I TH U *21 V I I TTT V pet tented De ta Mntry Deer with enow re Ope et IBM Ivalee" ) 
Medal * Of System ll Operetta*’ 
I •portent# OS an egerefpr would be 9 du ti ii, is plus Must be obi* to hee bauch 9 minimum el 8 894 s it# *** per hear end 9* * n il starlet witting to assume the re- spensibiittt#* pf e DF Manager 
We ti pay tap spto'v to nan* a#* sen A «tellen 1 winking cenpifiens gad benefits it rater#*!## cert esc 1 Ct 1 ewe us* ta* Mr Curt* rte pee an 
CUuui 
Ouua* tanrtv empravv 
— s - p i f y f u r w rfT IY ---------- 

ACCOUNTS P A Y A ll9 CLBBH 
I 3 yr* experience Northeast prop 
Is u a i eep erfum fy em prayer Reply ta Bepress Mews 
•us t il ) b A 74797 
A ffW te lF I R ac atopite ( b r l TJI ira1 th sip# business 'Ss#* ivpmg ppd receivubie ••P *ri«n«* need 
Od Cdtt 834 9^1 Bouto! apout tan 

 i r e S i ¥ f y g» s i n i i i i b t 
F IC I 
*44 r ill z storage ** 

 l l * in * lechnm en ie 
34* It '* 
V , lee A* 

■ M M S Car##* (ensettanSs 

F 't TTF i k'T T f f f t r Y u n 11 v 1 I H I : . , 
FSA Spanish udra ta M A I I 
I s >941» rypTsT'Tiuf. if in e 
3 day 
N erts 

o531675o 

F rid a y, M a rch 1 1 , 1 9 7 7 614 SKILLS TRADES f i l l -M L S -TRADES 
62o-HELP WANTED 
62o HELP WANTED 
]62o 
MISCELLANEOUS; Miscellaneous 
Help 
Wanted 

SANTA ROSA MEDICAL CENTER 
ANO 
VILLA ROSA ANNEX 
H ave im m ediate vancancies in the following positions: 
SANTA ROSA MEDICAL CENTER 
GENERAL HOSPITAL 
• UNS — 3-11 and 11-7 
• LVNS — 3-11 and 1 1-7 
CHILDRENS HOSPITAL 
• LVNS - 1 1 - 7 
PNS — 11-7 
• REGISTERED X-RAY TECHNICIANS — 7-3 
(salary negotiable) 
VILLA ROSA NNEX 
• PNS —- 3-11 and 11-7 
'• LVNS — 3-11 and 1 1-7 
• EEG TECHNICIAN — Shift I 
Apply in Person 
PERSONNEL OFFICE 
Santa Rosa 
519 W . Houston St.; 2 3 8 -2 3 4 3 
Villa Rosa Annex 
511 5 Medical Dr.; 2 2 8 -2 6 3 4 
An Equal Opportunity Employer 

EXPERIENCED 
BODY SHOP FOREMAN 

• Good Working Conditions 

• Fringe Benefits 

• Commission Basis 

C o n ta c t B ru c e R d ig le y , Sr. 

Smith Chevrolet Co. 
1221 BROADWAY ..... 227-4281 

CARRIERS WANTED 
SMAIL BICYCLE ROUTES 
LARGE MOTOR ROUTES 
FOR THE SAN ANTONIO NEWS 
CAN EARN SSO TO $ 2 5 o PER MONTH 
S.A.C. AREA 
From Ashby to Commerce & Alamo to No, Flores 
C A U N O W — CAN CARN PRIZES— 
CX TRA CASM— mOVIC PASSES— TRIPS— 
TICKETS TO LOCAL EVENTS ETC. 
FOR FURTHER INFO CAU 
225-741 I , txt. I t ! — b e t**** 8:oo o.m. t 5:oo p.m. 
An Equal O pportunity Employer 

SKILLS TRADES 
616 FOOD DRIWK SERVICES 

61o OFFICE 8 CLERICAL 

PARTIKA! 

TYPIST RECEPTIONIST 

Most be able to type envelopes, answer telephone and make telephone colk in rledr voice 

* 4 HOUR SHIFT it S DAY WEEK it 4:45 to 8:45 P.M. 
MONDAY THRU NIDAY 

Brand new office. Babcock and 
Calloqhon 
Call tor interview 
Sue Miller 
3 4 9 -3 9 2 4 

 r 

 i 

Lutheran General Hospital 

• ATTENTION REGISTERED NURSES 

Im m ediate Full Time Openings For: 

L 

OPERATING ROOM 8 :3 o -4 :3 o and 3-11 

RECOVERY ROOM 3-11 
I 
INTENSIVE CARE 7 -3 , 3-11 and 11 -7 

MEDICAL UNIT 3-11 

PEDIATRICS 11 -7 

• IV N (ORT, FULLTIME 3 -1 1 ) 

• REGISTERED NURSE PART TIME OPENINGS 
EMERGENCY ROOMS 3-11 and 11 -7 

Special Pay for 3-11 and 11-7 Shifts Experience pay, special­ ty pay and revised salary plan plus full benefits. 

Contact Personnel Office 
7o1 S. Zarzamora 
434-5252 

•q u a l op po rtunity em plo yer 

Secretary Book keener 

 lite typmg, must know 
Sow to use 1o-key, some experience in bookkeep­ ing 
Office experience and shorthand required. 
By appointment only 

494-5237 

GALE REAL ESTATE 

RN 

Mf D O I 
- PERSONNEL jht' I 

- 
™ 

SOMETHING 
DIFFERENT 

This is a challenging public relations position with a national nursing service. Must be alert and confident in communicating with the medical community; position requires work mg 2 or 3 days o week; you will be compensated for cor expense Ideal opportunity to work port time in the medical field with a progressive notional nursing service, for in­ terview call: Pout Reynolds 

MEDICAL PERSONNEL POOL 

1o19 N. Mom 
224-5885 

PHARMACIST 
Needed to manage store in Mathis, 
Texas One mile from beautiful 
Lake Mathis and 35 miles from 
Corpus Christi Boy. Solory SHOO month plus IO PCT of net profit. 
Call 
LARRY STRICKLAND 
512-543-4871 
MON-FRI 
OR 
512-729-7347 
SAT AND SUN 
NO PHONE CALLS 

IMMEDIATE OPENING 
SUPERIOR PONTIAC 
NEEDS BODY MAN 
MUST BE EXPERIENCED 
★ BEST BENEFITS A PAY IN TOWN 
★ TOP COMMISSIONS 
★ PAID VACATION 
+ HOSPITALIZATION 
★ ALL COMPANY BENEFITS 
SIE: ERNIE CARAWAY 
711 BROADWAY 

“Work With A Growing Company” 

• Permanent 
• Better Pay 
• Benefits 
EXPERIENCED 
DIESEL 
MECHANIC 

 apply 8-11 a.m . daily 
McDonough Bros., Inc. 
8 miles past Wonderland on IH1o exit at Beckman 
•qual opportunity employer 

LONE STAR VOLKSWAGEN 

NEEDS A MECHANIC it 
WITH EXPERIENCE it 

SEE: BOB DABm /y 

33o3 BROADWAY 

W onted • P ro g re s s iv e young female LVN to relocate near v ic ­ toria tor Resocialization Program tor young girl. Send responses to the Express and News, Box No. 
4S48. 78297 

614 ■ SKILLS TRADES 

■ 
■ 
H 
I U 
“ NEED” 5 
I off it* girt 
£1 

 for clerical & general 
H 

 office 
P i 
Apply 5o1o West Avenue 

ORKIN d r 

SANTA ROSA 
MEDICAL CENTER 
» feFYI t Cl 1 V CtC CS 4*8*. left 

REGISTERED X-RAY 
TECHNICIANS 

• Flours 7-3 

• Solory Negotiable 

Apply Personnel Office 
Santa Rosa 
S IO W . Houston St. 
2 2 8 -2 3 4 3 fquol Opportunity Employer 

MM EXTERMINATING CO. M j % 

■ 
■ 
■ 
■ 
■ 
■ a n 
• 

• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
RN’s 

GROUND STEWARDESS 
P erson a b le a ttr a c t.-need 
]. 
924-4481 United Personnel Connu 
664-C S W M ilitary Dr 
Lobroiorv needs typist caoable of extreme accuracy with minimum ie WPM salary open depending upon typing skill Start immedta rely Call TM TtS4 
LOCAL LAND S u p t? y OR has' need of o ffice s e c re ta ry w ith " ability to do some light droning, I fu ll ar p a rt tim e C ontact B ill 
McCtotchy at >24-3778 
Need excellent re tt-ptiormt taoist and dictaphone Nice w o rkin g ! conditions SS** to s ta rt M ust I type at toast taw pm cad Koran I 
69o8933_____________ 
Office fc locative Female. ii OHORO or oguivalent English and Span 
•sh schooling, good oftico expor I lone#, typo 45 WPM. outgoing I personality. Sand Resume to P O 
Box 9144. San Antonio 712o4 
PAfc-f - T-| M E " b rP IC E H E L*ft 
I Sam 24*1 Bianco Rd 
P A R T T IM E 
TELEPHONE PEOPLE 
.Monday Friday 
•Pleasant working conditions 
•Start work immediatoty 
•Earnings untimitoa 
M r Mock 
712-21111 
FORT CLAWK SPRINGS 

PHONE COLLECTOR 
World wide company noods (min 
I ye a r) experienced co lle cto r with good (otophone voice, solar y pius monthly bonus Permanent position with advancement, call I 
Mrs While 142-4194 
R' rd E > T ib N is f Mature lady tor exclusive, tosh-omitm- apartment com plex M ust have good au 
•am abile Typing re p a ire d . 48, hour week inclu d in g Sundays 
E * tenant pay plus triage benettle 
TTH Broadway 
! 
Secretory ty p is t Apply l it * Wast 
AvaBga. 
•Runt 'local C ullage S tudent 
Clerk Typist, bookkeeping exp helpful No smoking, good pay 
FISHER S. USO NE Loop 4)8 

W HOLESALE D IS TR IB U TO R , located near R ill im on Rd and IH 
JJ needs Girl Friday tor general attice work Must be congenial and neat in apoearacnce Work m g h ou rs I i t I I* M onday 
F rid a y Pretor a pplicant Ie bo 
IS I i and non sm o k e r 
C a ll 
Grubbs Enterprises. 44) 2241 or 
44I-SS95 tor interview 

3-11 Shift 

Part time and full time 

7 3 4 -7 2 7 1 

SOUTHWEST 
MUNICIPAL 
SERVICES INC. 
'lo ■ ! br * oliowInq Optninoi . 
A BACKHOE OPERATOR minimum of 2 years on a JO 
3oo or 
31o Bock 
Hoe. 
Prefer with experience with 
Utility 
Contractor. 
Must have own transportation, salary open 
* PIRI LAYERS 
(2 openings) — minimum of 
I year experience laying 
AC or Cl pipe 6' or larger, must hove own transport otion, salary open. 
BENEFITS INCLUDE: 
• Profit Shoring Plan 
• Group Hospitalization 
• life Insurance 

All replies should be mode in person, at 11612 Perrin 
Bedel. Call 656-131o for appointment. 

Iquol Opportunity Imploytt 

SEAMSTRESS 
With Tailor shop ex- 
I per tence fo r all types j o f alterations, ex­ cel lent salary, bos pitalzation, life in­ surance, paid vaca­ tion, excellent working 
I conditions. 
APPLY AT 
Alterations I 
Tailoring Conter 
8311 Broadway 
I CM p m. 

• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 

RNS NEEDED 
INFECTION 
CONTROL/PSRO NURSE 
• ALSO 
11-7 Shift 
For KU and CCU nurses 
Contact *96-81 IO, ext. 141 
SAN ANTONIO 
COMMUNITY HOSPITAL 
8o26 Heyd Carl Dr 78229 
An Iquat Opportunity Employer 

NEID IMMEDIATELY 

LARGE HOMEBUILDER. 

DEVELOPER 

Inventory control specter 

Experience in inventory con­ 

 trol of building materials 

 helpful. Call 

TOM HON 

655-442o Lot Appt. 

SUPERVISOR 
Heavy 
Equipment 
Maintenance 

Experienced lh 

D iesel, P neum atic 
A H yd raulic 

Salary negotiable 

341-3331 9-5 frank 

HAIR DRESSERS 
453-1127 
822-3258 
>24-7923 
HAIR STYLIST must be expor maced. Established salon In north control S A. A rt Beauty Salon 4oo3 
McCullough >22 5152 
Heavy Equipment Operators 
Finish Blade Men 
Dump Truck Drivers 
124-o141 

Heavy Equip. Mechanic 
Service, rebuild oil held gas com- pressors SlOOO-t-. 433-o382 
H o t R oofers-K ettle Men. M op 1 
Men, Throw ers, laborers. Com­ position Rooting Crew 
UNIVERSAL ROOFING *58-83o2 
I need a service man who under­ stands and can c a lib ra te th e r­ mostats on com m ercial ranges and equip Able bodied and capa­ ble of installing restaurant equip. 
This is a permanent lob with good pay and benefits (lo co l). W rite le tte r g ivin g past em ploym ent and references PO Box 9I8S Son 
Antonio, Tx 78284 

RESERVE 

 has an opening 

 for YOU 

COMPLETE 

TRAINING 

 for Prior and 

NonPrior Service 

Men 

Ages: 18-35 

• Carpenters and 
Welders 

• Bulldozer Operator 

• Rough Terrain Fork­ lift Operator 

• Surveyor 

• Mechanics 

• Many More 

CALL 433-9372, OR 
MAIL COUPON TODAY 

TO: STC JOE GUAJARDO 
6oo Callaghan load 
San Antonia, Tx. 78228 
Fit.: 433-9372 

Nome 

Address 

City . . 

State . 

Phone. 

JOIN TNE BIGGEST 

Job Opportunity in Town 

TYPIST - SECRETARY 
SALESMEN 
OFFSET PRINTERS 
Knowledge of Spanish Apply In person 1214 West Ave. 

Date of Birth 

Name and Address 

 r n 
GUNN 
OLDSMOBILE 

NEEDS 
MECHANICS 

Experienced 
Line and 
Front 
End 
Mechanics 
I Needed. 
Good 
Wages, 
[Fringe 
Benefits, and 
Extras in Modern, Cleon 
Shop. 

Contact: Jonn Ray 
Gunn 
Oldsmobile 

8 2 4 -o 4 1 1 

FRONTIER 

ENTERPRISES 

DINNER-HOUSE 

DIVISION 

Is accepting applications 

 for: 

• Busboys • Busgirls 
• Waiters •Waitresses 
• Hosts 
• Hostesses 

Apply In Person 

Monday-Friday, 
8:3o o.m.-4:oo p.m. 

 a par tm en t 
HOUSE 
CARRIERS 

AREAS: 

• Evers Rd. ond Wurzboch 

• Vance Jackson ond 41o 

Work 3:oo A.M. to 
6:oo A.M. 
$2oo TO $3oo par ma. 

 or or cording to rout* sh*. 

Call 1o:oo a.m. to 2:oo p.m. 

225-7411, Ext. 112 

 ar 6:oo p.m. ta 8:oo p.m. 

673-1467 

An Equal Opportunity Employer 

62o 
Wanted ! 624 SITUATIONS WANTED. 

£ CONVENIENCE 

STORE 

* 
A t 
* 
* 
# 
* 

* f 
# 
Poid training with guarantee of ^ 

£ 
$688 pet month, ofter brief ^ 

 training period U TOTE N offers ^ 

 group insurance, paid vacations. ^ 

$ Excellent opportunity for fast ^ 

 l f advancement tor hord working 

MANAGER 
TRAINEE 

APPLIANCE 
DELIVERY 
We need on energetic 
8 mechanically inclined individual for the delivery ond installation of mcqor appliances. Experience prefered but we will consider a trainee We ofter a permanent position, good hourty woges, with time ond one-holf for overtime, good working conditions, health insurances, paid vocation, ond other benefits. Apply in person; 
1o27 N.E LOOP 41o 

I O 
O 
O 
O 
Q 
O 
O 
O 
O 

’ coreer employees. 

ALSO ACCEPTING 

APPLICATIONS 

FOR PART-TIME 
EMPLOYEES 

Please apply in parson 

„ W ed.A Fri., b e tw e e n 
I- 5 PM 

6414 WURZBACH 

• An Equal Opportunity Employer 

* 
* 
Mr 
* 
* 
* 
* 
* 
* 
¥ 
* 
* 

ANNOUNCER 

An Experienced T V /ra d io / 
Public 
Address Announcer with news, mopix, audio production, newspaper, PR, and dramatics in back­ ground who has been out of, circulation fighting a w in­ ning battle against cancer is now looking to RETURN TO 
WORK. CALL KEN AT 
9 2 3 -4 6 7 7 

Personable 43 y r old Non- De­ greed Aero Engr. 2o yr FLT Test exp. l l yrs one co. My Ideas have saved empioVers m illions $. D i­ rect sales exp alsq, 341-7o44 Paul 
Ned 
. -__' 
Reg child care in my home. Ages 
3 yrs and up, S25 wk, 441-2SS2 
(K irby)________ 
... 

REGISTERED CHILDCARE 
In my home, NW area of Town, 
684-4721 ___________________ 
.. 

711 - HI1HIUES EPILECTOBS 

6S AH Mark HI 3ooo. classy clos 
Sic, 5 speed, e x c e lle n t, low mileage, 535oo 344-5316. 
58 ond '61 MOA S. P o rtly res­ tored. Cull: 655-o913 
Bentley 1957 SI Sports Saloon, 

PART TIME NIGHTS 
JACK IN THE BOX 
FAMILY RESTAURANTS 
Needs Night People it Fort time position from 
IO pjw.-4 o.m. 
Mature and stable individual' grow with an industry leader which offers: a Paid Vocation 
• Hospitalization lf you ar* atoll, responsible and a night owl, apply in parson 8-1o o.m. at 
12o2 Austin Hwy. * 
No phono cads please 
Equal Opportunity Employer 

ASSISTANT 
MANAGER 

TO JOIN URGE 

9 MANAGEMENT FIRM+ 

♦ 337-4241 ♦ 

♦ 
♦ 
♦ 
♦ 
♦ 
♦ 
• 
• 

COMPANY EXPANSION needing men and 
WOMEN 
New office opening needs peo pie immediately 
Si75 per week to start if you qualify. 
Those openings aro: 
★ Management Positions it Training Positions it Series Positions 
Call for appointment 653-7451 

 shell gray over m idn igh t blue, with shell gray interior. Excellent condition. 
Res. 
824-1112, or 
824 5 6 4 2 _____________________ 
65 BUICK R IV IE R A . 425, a ll 
At pow er, le a th e r in te rio r. Good 
I ; condition. C olle cto r’s S pecial! 
TK $8oo. 655 3955__________________ 
JA 11949 Buick Roadm aster. E xcel­ lent condition 19So GMC pickup, new paint, in te rio r. 195o Ford 
Custom, 2-dr., SS,OOO miles, p u r­ chased Irom orig, owner. Excel lent! 628 1234. 
949 Buick Special, auto, very 
I .. ____ _ restorable, o rig in a l co nd itio n. 
$395 . 349-o628 ofter noon. 
1938 Chevrolet pickup, original, new m otor, new tire s , p e rfe ct body, >1.5oo 436-o995. 
1954 Chevy pickup. Original, has original look. Prettiest in town! 
$15oo firm . 
658-9434! otter 
6 : 
458-9823. 
■53 CHEVY ’ Hon pickup, restora- ble, new plates and sticker. 5695, 
3 4 2 - 7 9 2 2 _________________ 
C lassic 
195o Chev 
O eLuxe 
1-owner, original. Best offer. Call: 
Fred Vasquez at 824-7311 before 
7 p.m. or 924-7834 atter 7:3o p m. 
COLLECTORS: ’64 Buick w ildcat 
C onvertible. Good m echanical cond Loaded, new tire s . S6oo firm . 658-8o7o 
•65 C orvair Monza. 2 door hard- top, completely restored. S119$. 
433-6269 
_________ 
Runs good, looks 

NEEDED IM M EDIATELY 
Gas com pressor o p e ra to r me chanic for independent gasoline plant and booster station. Located at Pearsall, Texas. Call M r Rus­ sell Wells, at 512-334-4518 or M r ___________ 
S I. Burns 915-482-76311 
195o Desoto 
Need 2 Truck Stop Attendants- good! S6oo Call 344-492o 
Service Men, night shift, S-day 1934 Ford Coupe, 3 window street rod Excellent condition. 684-4744, 
684-77oo 
1941 Ford 2 dr. Sedan. O riginal 

DELIVERY MAN 
M ust have pickup $3 h r. w ith, raise in one month and we pay mileage. 653-514o_______________ j 
D elivery person for flower shop1 on S aturday only. A pply 4217 
Clark St. 

 week, m ature, w illin g w orker perm anent lob Texaco Track 
Center-Gas and Eat Truck Stop 
Start 566o month. All Applications to A.J Ploch Oil Co. 5747 Dietrich 
Rd. 4-Spm daily for interview No phone calls please. 

PA R T T IM E 
Due to expansion we have open ings that must be filled immedia­ tely 
No experience necessary 
342-5228_____________ 
_________________________ 
Part lime rah demonstrating con 
DO YOU LOVE, Y our present sum er products at re ta il level, 
Ii 
A m m 
. ■ * ,,, ,4 M 4 Im .mph I ii.! L ,, .k in Am IA * J*. aaL An/lx 

JIM S COFFEE SHOP 

Is Now Accepting 
Applications For 
W AITRESS 
♦ 12 midnight— 7 a.m. shift it txceHaat benefits it Generaus starting sniary 

Apply in person ta Sandy Colley 

41o8 Broadway between 8 a.m.-3 p.m. 

 lob? lf not, and you want to earn 
I. 54oo o mo P a rt-tim e or m ore r lu ll-tim e in a lob you can love 
; call: Botigue Cosmetics., 341-854o. 

DRUG CLERK 

$1ooo firm . 623-121o. ton pickup 
938 Ford runs good. a.rn.-5 o.m. 
$95o. 
O rigZ 
1-625-4413, IO 

1 

■74 JENSON In te rc e p to r I I I , 
$11,75o. 66 OLOS Toronado, ex­ cellent. $23oo ’74 M ER CED ES 
Benz 45o SC, $15,5oo. ’69 MER 
CEDES Benz 3ooSEL 6.3, S1o.2So. 
•42 T H U N D E R B IR D , 5975. ’67 
ROLLS ROYCE Corniche Coupe. 
$3o,ooo. 653-98oo. 

Must be healthy. Apply after 6om on Mon , Wed or Fri. only 

STAR DRUGSTORE 
125o Highland Blvd 
Experienced Masseuse to work in beauty salon, 736-o411. 
• 
Experienced tire changer, excel­ lent pay ond benefits. 736-4329 
Experienced nursery mon, excel- lent benefits, apply in person at 
Fedmart. Loop 41o and Vance 
Jackson 
Experienced gas attendant, ex- cellent benefits, apply in person at 
Fedmart, Loop 41o and Vance 
Jackson. 
_________ 

 must be able to work weekends and holidays Call 699-1643. Eaual ___________________ _ 
Opportunity Employer._________ 
56 LINCOLN MARK ll 
Party plan sales, jewelry, mgmt Good cond. Call Rusty, 732-4751 opportunity, w ill train. 826-5859 
31 M O D E L A FO R D , 2 door. 
Perfect jab for mother who wants Licensed, running. 5225o. 735-7537 part time career! Need accurate 
66 MUSTANG hardtop. 3-spd., 2oo 
5o-6o WPM typist Past typing ex-; cu.‘ 6, factory air, restorable con- perience required. Hours can be I aition 
64 FALCON 26o VB ston- arranged. Coll 734-7954 
| dard, 4-dr. Mustang MSO; both for 

FASHION TWO TWENTY 

Person to work on Golf Course, J#2L must be experienced. 696-9o25 
I 
PERSON WHO W O ULD L IK E 
GOOD SPARE TIM E INCOME 
N E E D E D TO TEST M O N E Y 
MAKING PLAN Send short letter or resume to Express News Box 
No 4524, 78297 
PHONE SOLICITING. Full time 
H ou rly plus com m ission C all 
349-o329, Ask tor Ann 
Plumbing m aterial price clerk. 
Port time, must have recent ex­ perience. 826-2331 or 826-oo47. 
Shaklee distributors, full or part tim e , v ita m in s and food su p ­ plements, the healthy way of life 
349-8211, 341-8796 

66 OLDS TORONAOd 
$125o, 684-7o72 
PRIVATE PARTY SELLING 

C osm etics-port tim e available 
Mature woman only. Call 344-1891 ______________________________ 
Four or Five Axle tractor-frailer Shaklee Natural Vitamins, spare rigs, owner-operolor, for hauling bm * sales business. 484-456o s a n d -g ra ve l in Houston area. 
1,ooo s of Jobs - 2oo Choices 
Long te rm hau ling co ntra cts. , 
Qualify now, earn and learn 
P rem ium rotes. Contact: BERL 
©O ARMY 222-8112 or 653-o892 
BARNES or 
MARLON 
H IL L .I ---------------------------------------------------- 
713-499-2596 

EDU OR PART TIME 

575-15o PER WEEK 

CALL: 341 22o5 

STORE MANAGER 

Autom ooil# a ir conditioner se r­ vicem an wanted, experienced. 
Call 734 4516 for appt 
BEAUTICIAN, (ull time with tot lowing, 
684 1344 
Callaghan 
Rd 
Salon, 

MEDICAL TYPIST 
ProhciotKy rn medical tot mmoiogy and worm notion re gutted 4o bout moi 
Solory open M hinge benefit* Ap pit: ants tested 

SotkI reply tot 

EXPRESS NEWS 

BOX 8149 

I i 782o7 

L V N ’ s 
AU SHIFTS 
Full Time 
Normandy Terrace, 
Inc. 
6 4 S -o 1 o 1 
• 4 1 Rica Rd 

SI? MEDICAL 

•A ID ES# 

•R N slV N s 11-7 3-11 on smoker please apply ie l l oner 131o Gault lane 

"BIH TAL'MVftlfeKIHY 
* 
Modern, pi ogresses preventive acritol attice in n o rth ***! San An ta n * needs hygienist tor I days a 
-reek Modorii equip and human 
.s lit start arter ideal working si luatton Would o rd e r previous 
,xp*< terne and appticunt must he good cammumtutar Phrase send sesame to i s p ra ts News Bae 

---------------------- 

 l l , I t I Putt tim e tar nursrne ha*NP, Benet all starts 91*5133 
IVN RELIEF bi and l i t *14 s i** 
■ w i E f t i r p r g r x r — 

RHA IT ARI 
Nan sn*ake* pleas* apply I * - t i 
H. Us uh Melder Iii# Duu« Laos 

P h y s ic a l t h e r a p y (IP T ) wanted tor p riva te d r ’s o ffice 
IF N I 8 I m lh* South Texas 
Medical Conter Full time ar will start part lime end advance to full time in I J months Coll Wm T 
BIOS sum, MO 349 SS/1 

R E G IS T E R E D 
R E S P IR A TO R Y 
T H E R A P IS T with experience in Iraininp per sauna! end w orkin g w ith p h y ­ sicians M oil have at toast J vital s 
Rra d ica l experience in Respire try Thor pay Picas* submit your resume or contact 
FiRSONNBL OBPT 
MAVERICK COUNTY 
HOSPITAL DISTRICT 
9 o le a 147* 
Bagio FOS*. TX 78851 a n i m - H H 
II T I n oBensaitng weekends c l- pc rte ne cd Aides ail shirts CMI 
Ste 9914 between tem lpm 
{’orT I life hill ti. o lTr TTrv'i CPS 
Placements, In t , *4 N I 
Loop 
41# Suite i l l * 149 4113 rife.1 UTI aSorT torT T f c h 
N ti IAN tor uhvsictuns pi own rn 
Uvalde- texas tie weekends Ne n ig h ts 
R eferences and e e p e itp a c f re q u ire d 
C u l t it* i f I* 
Ask tar t et ISI tar 

BEAUTY OPERATORS 
Experience, full tim e and p art time 
KELLEY'S, 
M acArthur 
Plaza 
653-1181; 826-8831 
BODY m A n ( yrs txp to <(* car body work 433 8242-433-8241. 
BURGI AR ALARM ItK 'fA lL K fc needed im m ediately Good Day only thoso w ith b u rg la r a larm experience nood apply 224-1247 
£ abide! maker needed immedia lety, I yrs exp or more Cat! 8 to 5 
Mon F ri 481-o2o2 

CARPENTERS 
Residential Construction 
I 
349 1544 
Combination Aulu Air Conditioner in sta lle r and Stereo Radio in ­ s ta lle r 
Top p ay, in s u ra n c e available 
Call 
M r 
Newhall 
I 734-5117 
— S ^ k iiL A t T & f m i W — 
1 J day a week. good hours, must be attractive and have good person ality, age l l IO. COH 
734 1457 
I IT tom 
Drapery Installer must be exper­ ienced Plenty of work. good pay 
Apply in per sod 3o4 Sad Pedro 
I (Upstairs) c Vi* c a m a m w w t i n con 
824 947) 
Ae I weed 
1 :3oam 

 fxperTenceo fitter’ 
I Mast hay* experience as a titter 
1 tor ladies apparel shop Excellent benefits, salary open Apply in person M onger S m a rt Shop, 
: North Star Mall 

 eV rV E T C N Y IB 
T O T T 
DRESSER wanted Good working 
! conditions 
Call 
484 3124 or 
I OIB I t l l . 
E x p e rie n c e d tapoT flo a t ond painter A il in one M ust have truck ond be dependable ar don t coli Northeast Budders, 349-4IBI. 
Experienced orts*! press opera- tor Apply UIS West Avenue t ip * i L ilie d Shu mum, Girl 
I Othei duties rcauired- thursday, 
Friday awd Saturday, good work­ ing conditions, newly redecorated 
Shop Na* U ltra H ilts Shopping 
Censer Casa Linda Heir Fashion. ask tor fog. 453-13o8, utter o. 
494 INN 
I j^xperlenceJ gas or diet# 

) • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • ! 
J 
NMO I At MC Dr A Tic V 
• 

I 
EXPERIENCED DIESEL 
* 
1 
DRIVEN 

• GENERATOR MECHANIC • 
J AUST It IX# IX THI FOLLOWING* 
• TTPCS OF MISH Of Mf M I OKS 
I 
M i ls, MB 17, 
I 
: 
UM) IO, UUU 17, MMM* 
J 
ANO ISO KW 

• to p PAT WITH HOSPITAL • 
2 ANO FRINO* OCN!FITS 
• 
CONTAO J. N. RPOORI 
• 
I IfTWtfN 8 AM ANO 4:3o BM I 
• 
A! 824-48o1 
A n n Ai m pm end SAT. B SUN. 
? 
• 
CONTACT 9M-o7S9 
• 
* • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • 

J O U R N E Y M A N 
M EC H A N IC S W A N T E D 
SOUTH TEXAS Contractor activg in electrical, plumbing and HVAC fields with over t i 5 m illion con tract backlog needs qualified, ex­ p e rie n ce d m e c h a n ic s in a ll phases. A pplicants m ust have c o m m e rc ia l-in d u s tria l e x p e r­ ience Excellent opportunity tor bord working parsons with desire to move on into lob management 
Send resume lo: 
T R IA N G L E 
BOX 2344 
Harlingen,Tx 7155o 
Phone 513-423-7844 
Eauol Opportunity Employer 

Jnttmeymea Eluctricians 
Helpers With I or more yrs exp. 
Rent! Electric Co 492 1o87. 
M A N A G E R ' O T f 5 E t" PR M il 
OPERATOR tor p rin t shop E x­ cellent incentive pay program , vacation, h o sp ita liza tio n, paid holidays, d is a b ility coverage 
M gm t a b ility and sm all offset press exp rep d. Jiffy Press 224 
E Rhapsody 

WANTED Man who is retired to work on ranch. Must know how ta operate tractor. Work is light. 
734 1942 

KMuuse-Dnllvery 
Must be neat and clean rh a p ­ pearance local references Apply in Person: 
O'Krent Floor Covering 
3oo Son Pedro 
We ore accepting applications for employment tor experienced OS 
A D Clerk Applicants should have at least I year exp w ith m otor c a rrie r . I ye a r in OS A D 
Producer Applicant must furnish a resume et exp and salary ex peeled. Address your re p ly to 
Alam o E xpress, Inc. P D Box 
18747, San Antonio, 71211. 
W H E E L 
A U g 'ff iTTS' —A bib 
B R A K E 
W O RK, 
E X P E R ­ 
IENCED. Bear Wheel A ligning 
1422 N. Colorado 
WILSON INTERNATIONAL 
84 NE LOOP 41o SUITE DOE 
512-349 1411 

WAITRESS A BUS B 5 Y s“ 
KITCHEN HELP 
Apply In person or call Hungry 
11 Farm er 5318 San Pedro. 342-9998 
WAITRESS-C ASHIER 
Must be exp to wait on counter and g r ill 
H rs 5-12 E ve n in g s. 
Pleasant work, 52.3o per hr, ref req. Apply at once, Bow laram a 
Lone*. 4719 Blanco R d__________ 
Waitress full time Los Mesquites. 
8o7 Moursund, apply atter 5. 
WAITRESS N E E D E D AT NUT 
CRACKER CLUB 7321 San Pedro apply 1-3 Mon-Frl. 
WAITRESS wanted experienced. , apply in person from 4 pm 7 pm . 1 
Stockman 
Restaurant, 
4o9 
Commerce 
W AITR E S S w o n te d ' a pp Ty 
Sammy's Malian Restaurant, 1 llo j 
Austin Hwy 

W a itr e s s 

DOLF COURSE 

MAINTENANCE MAN 

Should have experience in golf course or lawn m ainten­ ance. P erm anent positio n . 
Immediate opening 

HOMECRAFT CORP 

NORTHCLIFFE 
459-o391 

I or both CADILLAC ELDORADO 
Convertibles 1974 Dynasty red. white lop, white leather interior. 
1971, very light yellow, white top, white leather interior. Both m int condition 344-7122 tor additional information.___________________ 
1924 R-25 Model T (rome, running hoards, and tenders. Complete. 
Other parts. 653-4378 
^67 
ROLLS 
R O Y C l 
Corniche 
Coupe 
$3o,ooo 653 98oo________ 
1954 Studeboker, 6cyi. 25 m iles per g a l, best offer, 675-o748. 
W A N TE D 
I#39" B u ic k 
Side mounted spares preferred but not mandatory 655-59o7 arter 6. 
W ASTED' 
3* or ■46' (torii C on vertible. coupe, sedan or pick-up 
Running condition not important. 
. Also would like to purchase 1955 
For DuPont Store in Houston, or '58 Chev. convertible. Write or 
Texas E xperience necessary, call R M arshall, 4411 Northaven 
S olory plus percentage of not r h., Dallos 7523o. (214)363-4833 profit, excellent w orking cond!- " 
...............— mini ■ lions. Mail resume to. 4ooo B Air 
7114 TDC 
CflDCICIt oDABT8P8D9 line, Houston, Tex. 77o22 or call /U Z 7 Z D ' F U ntlD N 'O nM IS linnd 
711-7119. 
" ....................■"..................... 
Students and teenagers wanted to i sell flow ers on stre e t c o rn e rs ' ofter school and weekends E x­ cellent earnings ond bonuses, no j experience necessary-wil! train 11 
441-3o59 
TELEPHONE SOLICITORS 
Split shirt, 3o hour week, hourly i wage, no! sales w ork, apply in person pl 344 W Commerce 
Texaco Tex M art no 12 self set i vice station. Nacogdoches Rd i past Thousands Oaks Dr New location opening s o on !! Need! j m anager and 4 p arttim e atten- i dants, perm a n e nt lob A ll ap ­ plications to A J Ploch Oil Co I 
5747 Dietrich Rd. 4-Spm doily for I 
Interview No phone calls please 

GOOD OPPORTUNITY 
TIRE SALES 
Someone with past sales exper- 

W hile doom Lounge, nights, 52 25 hr plus tips 342-9268 

Retail liquor chain needs full tim e lence in the retail selling of tires, and p art tim e sates clerks tor must also be oble change tires, north sid e stores. Age over 35; 681-151o. preferred Retail experience of somednnd preferred, not neces so rily liq u o r P olygraph exam required AM company benefits .I 
A pply in person Don's B Ben s 
Office, West Ave at Loop 41o, ask tor Wayne Wyatt 

H 
O 
N 
D 
^ 
C I V I C ’ 
C V C O * ... 
S r “Penny 
V l Pincher" 

M E C H A N IC 
Must be tullv experienced Excel­ lent working conditions and com­ pany bandits Contact: 
Broughton Motors 
HIO Austin Hwy. 455-o241 
Need person expT • e m .-d in dle- sel ond gas engine assembly and repair and all around shop work. 
223 29o4 

• Inspectors 
• Sewing Machine 
Operators 

EXPERIENCED ONLY 
CMT CORP 
227 Ion* Star Blvd. 
2 2 6 - 5 5 2 6 

1I 
! 
! 

616 FOOD DRINK SERVICES 

B 
^ 
V e n 'd r T s’ s A N D C C ^ K 
T A IL W A ITR E S S E S n tc d e d , some experience necessary. The 
Comic Strip, apply in person al 
25o7 Goliad Rd Call 333-2o51 or 
533-o7oo tor oooomtment 
Bartendress wanted porttime, no mix drinks, apply in person The 
Burnt Orange Club, 1215 Camden 
Ask for Ernie 
Bus buy or Bus Girl wanted 318 
North Star Mall, La Fuente Mex icon Restaurant 
C A S H tCE A 
AND f ' 6 'u N t Tm 
HELP advancem ent possible part tim e and full tim e per man ent, goad disposition, easy smite, frie nd ly environm ent, apply in person 2-4 pm Monday-Saturdav, 
Sea Istond Shrimp House, 122 W 
Rector across from North Star 
MGK 
•~~c 6 d k Y A I L W A iY f t iiit i— 
ANO WAITERS tor new French style restaurant 

 w r rm 
•*¥* 
IIM f . ice and Fuel Company, 

E x p e rie n ce d e q u ip m e n t o perators, dozers, scrappers, lauders pad rollers M arl Rested 
CB. M I-BMI- 
________ 
E riP T V T T U C Ib 
& T T V V 
EQUIPMENT ANO WAUKESHA i M O IN I 
R B P A 1R M A N , CPII 
Jack Hi Blown at 834 *254 tar ap uotntmeal knout 
Opportunity 
Fntptgyei 

2 2 6 - 5 5 2 6 

E xp e rie n ce d 2 yr ra s id e n lia i help e rs need apply in person 
. Bexar Electric Co 2o14 West Avo 
An equal opportunity employer 
~ ¥ x'P E tf"iE fflT D "4 u lW V - 
! 
PARTY CHIEF 455 7223 
Expel ignceri Aliercilion Lady 
Experienced Counter Help 
Full time positions Apply Morgan 
Cleaners 923 4o11 
Experienced sem i-lrailei dump truck drivers KOE 497-3711 tx p e rie n c e d in sid e (rim ca r- i penters needed 
Coit otter 
6 - 
I M H W - 

EXP IRON WORKERS tor precast concrete and steel i erection Apply 829 Nouolilos 

EXP. SHEET VINYL 

ANO TILE INSTALLERS 
Must have own louis and lr on spin tat: un 
CENTRAL FLOOR COVERING 
NIO Ball ST. 
M H M I fir s t class aute Blats installe r needed, references and e xp e r­ ience necessary $4 OO net boo* start apply 27oo Travis, Houston, 
Tx or coM 713 124-115o 

FITTER SEAMSTRESS 
Experienced, tad his apparel t x cedent benefits Apply in person 
Meager Sm all Shop. North Star 
MOM 

FLORAL DESIGNER 
Apply rn PPT son SI 14 Broadway f o rn ilu fe^repoi'r and touchup eel sen 
F a rlm ig 
E xp e rie n ce p re fe rre d Ne sm o kin g Good day 
FISHERS 
I4M NE Lapp 

M A I* 6 NVI CIR * O n IV<T „ r n some lotto wing 4)2 HIO, 7)5 M f) 

OFFSET PRESSMEN 
Openings tor quadded Pressmen ta r fo llo w in g e q u ip m e n t 
1-1o*15 chief, 11x17 M u lti also 
I9x3> ATF, ond 29" Commander 
Paragon Press Inc 123 W Elm ir a, 233 5o37 

PARTS MONTER MAN 
E xp e rie n ce w ith m anagem ent ca p a b ilitie s P a rk Ten V olvo 
Scout 733 2143 
Position open ta r experienced hair dresser 474-1961. 
Pos) ietie rs lone# builders, post lio n s a v a ila b le im m e d ia te 
349-25o8 - 494 747o 
Q U ALIFIED PR O JEC t ENGIN 
FER send resum e to PO Box 
39174, San Antonio 78218 
• a-—■- ■■■■!■". ■■ ■ . —T.—nm. ,--------- 
■ t t x m t s i m s i . x i« 
H oning 
R e p a ir 
S e rv ic e doy through Sunday night J 2 i f f r - i o - 1 
Nor t heast location, call 124 91o4 w h it A ir C o n d itio n in g I f f o mme information 
Copeland 222-o384 gT.fJJS:7, ” " r 
-------------------- 
Roofers, exp only. wood and comp roofs, new construction Cad arter 
4PM. 7)2 HJS f i ir rr c T B ’ 

WHATABORGER 

Needs perm anent tun tim e men and women tar new Aus tin Hwy Restaurant. Apply in person 1517 A u s tin Hwy 
IO 4pm only No phone calls please 

Willing worker with manogenieni expe rie nce in food se rv ic e to manage a H oliday Inn in West 
Texas. Send resume to Box 9o5. 
Los Cruces, N M 88oo1 

WORK SATURDAY ONLY 
Perfect iou tar teenagers 
DISHWASHER 
BUS HELP 
Apply in person only 
TASTESETTER RESTAURANT 
Second Level, Frost Brothers 
NORTH STAR MALL 
Y o u n g M in d e d 
W A IT E R S • W A IT R E S S E S 
Apply In Person 
V a le rio 's R e s ta u ra n t 
382o B ro a d w a y 
62o 
Help 
Miscellaneous 
______ i c c t n H T Y o n i i c o J i o n n i ^ r 
I sembly work at 11317 N Weidner 
Rd Timely Homes Eauol Oppor 
, (unity Employer 

GREENHOUSE 

1 
T ru c k Dr 1 v e r‘ M a te rid l m an. 
Experienced only. Permanent lob with local company. Apply in per­ son between 9 and 11 AM 
TACCO 
12o18 W ARFIELD 

GROWER 
Prefer person with experience in floriculture or horticulture to as 
WANTED 
T ire changer F u ll lim e w ork, sis! in growing of blooming plants, must have own transportation, in commercial groenhouses Must and neat appearance 681 153o hove the ambition ond ability to 
" further themselves and this com- 
I W RY o48-1291 
I 

Handicapped Only 
Steady Employment, S2 an houri 
Sferf. 533-8881. 
I 
HANDY MAN to help in sign shoe 
14o7 w HHBoBrond 
I 
Im m ediate Em ploym ent fo r ex 
I p erienced g a rd n e r, pool. and general m aintenance for north west complex, must have refer , i ences Call Mon thru Fri. 12pm ta lpm 142 9121 

IMMEDIATE OPENINGS 
■ 
19 TRAINEES 
^ 
P l ______ 
New openings fo r San Antonio required.teppiy in person Don s B 

Want Husky Local P art or full time College Student truck driver 
Commercial license No Smoking 
Good Pay FISHER S. 145o NE 
Loop 41o 
W ARlM dUSE 
5424o 
Ambitious person over 21 tar too co. Mary 821 6494 New Day Per sonnet ( unsits, 9o1 NE Loop 41o. fptlB S it 

WAREHOUSE WORKER 
Some experience, over 25, com merciol license, able to drive l ' i ton bobtail. I day week, some regular overtime $2 85 an hour, fringe benetifs High school or o q u lv a le jit 
P o ly g ra p h exam 

PfMled 

 residents lo work with our hydro tiller Must be 18 yrs or o*er with minimum I yr residence. Full or r r . r . v u r ' 1’ s?? m b b t ic 
CALL 142-5328 l o iTTr^ - A R M-y - RF SERVE 
CALL JOE GUAJARDO 
433 9)71 

Ben s Office, West Ave at Looo 
41o, ask tar Woyne Wyatt 

HO ND A CIVIC 
CYCC HATCHBACK 

•ecousa a Civic CYCC runs fine on any grade of gaso­ line, you don't have lo pay for premium or unleaded gas 
You can use the lowest priced gas. 

 o n ly * 3 4 6 4 * 

* 1977 Amman Honda Motel Co., 
Int 
*nus tax. Tint and itctNst 

See what the a rid ii coming to at. . . 

TOM BENSON 

 im p o r t s , in c . 

IM O IX * M O M 
111.U U 

 r 

APPLIANCE 
E A R N IN G S T O 153o 
D u e lo e x p a n s io n w e h a v e b e e n 
C o ll 824-4592 < 1 o a m -4 3 o p m M o n I m g s to r s k ille d a n d u n s k ille d p eo 
F n o n ly ) 
________ 
I p ie in th e a p p lia n c e f ie ld 
C o m 
C o o k s H e i u n lu r M e x ic a n B e s p o n y w ill tr a m . 
N o e x p e r ie n c e la u r a n i C a ll o tte r 3 P M 435 a a l 1. 
1 n e c e s s a ry . 

D A N C E R * n e e d e d . T op w a g e s 
COH o fte r lp m 499 9o81 

E x p e r i e n c e d n 

342-5227 

EXPERIENCED MAID 
N e e d e d fo r W a k e f ie ld S t a r d u s t 
A p is 
A p p ly in P e rs o n 
See M is 
W h itn e y 85o6 W a k e fie ld 

 l i v e 
Ho nm 
_________ 

L iv e in h o u s e k e e p e i t o r e fo r 3 
( c h i l d r e n 
$4 o p e r w e e k , s p e a k 
T Y P IS T - S E C R E T A R Y t a g u s h , o w n r e a m 484 3 /9 9 

S A L E S M E N 
L i v e - i n H o u s e k e e p e r , p r i v a t e 
O P F S E T P R IN T E R S ro o m . u n e n c u m b e r e d , m u s t h a v e 
K n o w le d g e e t S p a n is h . A p p ly in d r i v e r s lic e n s e 
R o o m , b o a r d , p e rs o n 1214 W e s l A v e . m o n th ly s a la r y . H o rla n O a te a r e a 
—— 
— — 
—————— — — —— j 
154 j 

 m aT d 

M O D E A S T V W 
14o2 N E 
L O O P 416 
128 12o1 

JOIN THE BIGGEST 

JOI Opportunity in Jowl 

KENNEL WARDEN 

A p t c o m m u n ity s e c u r it y g u a r d , m a tu r e , r e t ir e d w ith m ilit a r y o r ta w e n fo r c e m e n t e x p e r ie n c e . 
927 43o1 

U'H s k i U f B 
W O R K and 
C O N S T R U C T IO N 
W T W 

S m ith F in is h e r % e x p e l h i . : ........ 
534 8873 

S T W I K Y C 6 N i 'T ) ) ( J < ; f l 6 f i in 
P e a r s a ll ta r s k ille d a n d u n s k ille d w o r k e r s E a u a l O p p o r tu n ity fem p lo v e r , c a ll S e g u in , 179 8181 d a y o r n ig h t 

SUPER IN T E N D ANT FOR 
CONSTRUCTION CO. 
H e a v y c o n s tru c tio n a n d d e v e lo p m e g ! f ir m in F o r i W o rth a n d D a l la s m e lt o e i e i M u s t h o r * m i n -1 
■m um of 5 y e a * s e x p e r ie n c e , s a m e c o lle g e r e q u ite d 
R e s p o n s ib le ta r ta rg e c o n s tru c tio n c ro w , in v o lv e d in u n d e r g r o u n d u tilitie s , c g m m e r - 1 e ta l b u ild in g s s tre e ts a n d m o to r th o ro u g h fa re s , e a r th m o v in g a n d la n d s c a p in g 
K n o w le d g e o f s u r ­ v e y in g r e q u ir e d 
P e r m a n e n t po sitio n . e x c e lle n t p a y . e th e r lu n g e b e n e fits s e n d re s u m e ta th e E x p re s s a n a N o w s . B o * N e 
4 5 3 2 , 
S an A n to n io , T x 783o7 

T i T 
O 
B i l V 
K l ----------------- 
W A R E H O U S E M A N N E E O C D I 
C o m m e r c ia l lic e n s e N e c e s s a r y 
R e tir e e M ilit a r y P r e f e r r e d A p p ly 

R A M S P L U M B IN G 
U B I B R O A D W A Y _________ 

W A N T E D 
A n t e n n a i n s t a l l e r e n d r o t a t e d s e rv ic e 
S te a d y e m p lo y m e n t 
A n trrn tu S p e c ia lty I M e l p ris e s 4 )8 5 
N M c C u llo u g h t i * t m 

EXPERIENCED FLAME 

FOOD WAITER 
P a tio R o o m . M o n g e r H o te l 

F u ll Lim e w a itre s s e s n e e d e d . A ir 
F o r c e 
V i l l a g e 
F o u n d a t i o n , 
8 7 3 -3 7 8 1 , e x t 
12. C o ll M o n d a y 
F r id a y . 8om 5p m . 

H o lto n G a r d e n s w a i t r e s s , 4 -1 o p m , 5 d a y s , 2747 S W W W h ile R d 

M a n a n d w ife to r n ig h t c le a n up w o r k , m e a ls a n a u n i f r m s f u r I lu s h e d , e x c e lle n t s a la r y a n d b e n e lite , M r 
M ille r 824 8141. 

K flS U Y l A f f T E M b fe 'B n e e d e d for 
O x ta il L o u n g e a l S t a r e r s * ! L e a p 
41o A p p ly in p e rs o n 

 l i v e iB , m o t o r * p e r s o n , lig h t h o u s e k e e p in g a n d c a r e ta r 
W h o to v # * A n im a ls 
! in fa n t 349-4M S 
R o o m , B o a r d a n d S a l a r y 
N e N e e d a liv e in m a id a n d B a b y s it 
D r in k in g , g o a d ta r r e t ir e d p a rs o n fe y t o r 2 y r e ld b o y 
1 4 9 -4 9 8 o 
* W 
M I U 9 a m to D n o a n ) 411-1481 lo a m lo a m H e n n y , o r C h ris 

 n r s .E T g r t B i D . m.urs aal ly , 5 d a y w e a k . >71 s ta n le y H a m * in c lu d in g c a r f a r e , 493 3 4 ll M r s 

______________ 784 AUO! 
4 S IV T K i!» 
! " J iul>l H i 11— ~ 
A u te ., o i r , s u n r o o f. M a n y m a r e o p tio n s *2 9 5 o A tte r 4 a m 45) 44)9 
Y IlU D I IOO GI-------------- r s r 
" 
— 
” 1 

J I A U D I lo o I S, 4 <taoV, f a c to r y a i r , a u t o . N e w H r * * , e x c e l l e n t c o n d itio n $29oo 826 34oo , 834 o853 

A u d i lo o t S -73 
^ x c t l f o n f c o n d 
4 s p e e d , a i r , s u n r o o f, e x c e lle n t 
M u s t s e e to a p p r e c i a t e 
53195. COM 492 3941 

7N IIM 

P i o b o ls In c , 533 )4 o o 

12 a s s e m b ly w o r k e r s ta r w o a d t r u s s e s c o m p a n y . 4 o h o u r w e e k w ith o v e r f im t 
A p p ly in p er son b e tw e e n 
9 A M a n d 
U A M 
T A C C O 
12o11 W A R F IE L D 

— r s Y im w r w r f lr e s iw — 

 n e e d e d ta r n o rth s id e o a t p r o p e r ­ ty . 2 Y r s e x p e rie n c e 
A P A R T M E N T J O B S O F S A , 
128-9194 
E m p lo y m e n t C o n s u lta n ts 

LADIES NEED EXTRA CASH? 
A ll you need is 4 hours, 4 days or 4 

F a g a n o fte r 2 p m 
TTngl'eTNALIIU U K A k l k f i 
L I V E I N m a id , g o o d lo b . g o o d p a y 142 2351, 8 3 8 -4 4 o 9____________ 

Y o u n g s in g le la d y In U o v w ith I g irls (8 e n d 9 ) a n d b a y l l , 3 a r I 

BMW 
C o ll 
D a v id r e m b o r r i 7 3 ) 7 1 ) 1 ■ 

T r i m 
M J I t i l 
A ir , A I I - B U s te re o I fro c k 
32 39 m p g 
C le a n 

NIGHTIME COOKS 
Beeline 
22623o3 
E x p e r ie n c e d d in n e r c o o k s 
T o p w a g e s , g o o d h o u rs u n d w o r k in g c o n d itio n s 
P e r m o n e n l lo b s 
C o n le c t M a u r ic e F a r r e ll 

MY PULCE RESTAURANT 
344 o214 

PAWT'Tl'M im i# -------- 
O B Y o r C V E H O U R S 
A p p ly in p e rs o n o n ly 
B IL L M I L L E R B A R B O 
W e s t A v e . a t J a c k s o n K e ltg r t q u a i o p p o rtu n ity e m p lo y e r 

T E A R O O M M A N A G E R 
N e e d e x p e r ie n c e d m a n a g e r fo r t r o w i n g t e a r o o m b u s i n e s s 
75 1841 b e tw e e n 9 a in J p m , 
M u n d a y F iid a y f ^ ^ 
^ - " 

 p ly I 5 p m M e n S n 
2 3 1 ' , % 

E o C t l c f b R w ith c a r s o m e ty p in g . c a r a llo w o n c * . F o r in te r v ie w 

CONVENIENCE STORE 
M r 
Q w ik , n ic e s t s ta r e in f a w n , o p e n in g * ta r 3 M 11pm s h irts dot 
Iv o r w e e k e n d s o n ly . A n y ty p e o f s t a r * e x p e r i e n c e a c c e p t a b l e . ] 
P o ly g ra p h e x a m r e p a ir e d 
A p p ly 
D o n s A B e n s O ffic e . W e s t A v e a t 
L o o p 419, a s k or W o y n e W y a tt 

CRAFTS 
T h * o a t e n * C o m p a n y l r a x it e a te ) h a s a n e w s u b s i d i a r y . A t h e n a 
C r a f t * , w h ic h is o f f e r in g e x c o p lia n a ! m a n a g e m e n t a n d p a r t tim e o p p o r t u n i t i e s 
I t y o u e n i e y n e e d le w o rk a n d o th e r c r a fts d e n I p a s s t h i s u p 
N o i n v e s t m e n t r e p a ir e d W e ( r a in y o u . C a ll M a n 

 g p t r R o ff (.ctg ) » 5111 
1 

 e v e s p e r w e e k s h o w in g B e e lin e 
E x c lu s iv e L i m e t ta s h ie n s M a k e p r o f it on e v e r y s h o w p lu s 53o8 r 3 « -P te )______________ 

 s a m p le w a r d r o b e a t no co st 
C o r r n . a i r u x n n u w x x x . u . r . n e c e s s a ry , 214- 
C a ll 234 2 3 o ) ta r b24 tlTRATiONS MIANTEP 

 n i . n o n c e m ^ n w iT h I p r ^ a p a r t m e n t c o m p le x 
P lu m b in g . 
932-8477, 
A n a , e ie c tr te a r a n d h e a tin g e x p e r ie n c e 
■ .— —___ _ e s s e n t i a l . 
L o c a l r t f e r e n c e s C o r e o f e ld e r ly , ill o r c h ild r e n , r e p a ir e d 
A p t tu rn 
A p p ly 
I U h o u s e k e e p n g , liv e -in 923-4848 y o n d e r h e c k ______________________ 
F L t l f l K U L ' N U I i k ------------- b a l s o r fe m a le 2 T r u c k S lo p ( o 
H o m e m a k e r w ith c o r as c o m p a a - s h ie r , 4o h r w e e k , e v e n in g s h ift 'o n ta e l d e r , r e t i r e d o r h o n a n d r e lie f s h ift, p e r m a n e n t lo b , di< 'ta p e d la d y 
W ill liv e in . F lo io - m o t u r e , lo c a l r e f e r e n c e s 
S t a r t I h i * d a y t im e h o u r s o ft 
S a la r y 
5 4 3 ) o9 m o n th , r e t i r e d m i l i t a r y n e g o tia b le 824-4717 w e lc o m e 
A tt A p p lic a tio n * lo A ) . 
R io c h O il C o 
$747 D ie t r ic h R d . 1 s ire s p e r m a n e n t w a r k us r e r a n 
L lS T c 2 l ,L 
^ . ‘ " ,,rV ,eW N# l l f t T re ts } 1 D r “ ‘ o rh i? 
__________________ 
N o rth s id e C o n l y p * 712 1488 
M a n b o (w # o n J I-4 S fo r p t r m e n - 1 g o o c T b A B Y s T f T P i "' n e e d s flf li e n t y a r d a n d g e n e r a l d o ty w o rk 
- T i l T t * t a " w it h t a l e * a p t c o m p l e x 
N o d r ifte r s or d r in k e r s 
A p p ly 
116 
V A N D E R H B C K 

 m CAPRI 
“H T M , M i a1,, AM IM 
'"••r» e r 4 sod , and rr 
2 5 ,o o o mi Excellent cond 
71 
IBBS >391o M I 1844 

'74 t A r i k i . A M , « s a to r i, b r o w ii 
227*8 i 94C° m * 4 t a le r ta r 
11995, 

Capri a ir ' vinyl lop F M s t e ie o 
8 track player, excellent condi­ tion, SI83S 853 11)7 

"C ap ri, aufo a ir 
A M K M s ie r na, v in y l ta o S3198 498 I D I 
C a p ri Gitrtl. S ui! r o o t , 

 j'TXiiii].11.".J l jij 
— v a l o u r s p a ts , I t d t h e r s t e e r in g 
B X PE RIE NCS D Y o u n g I o j, ,n- 
* s p e a k e rs , a w a u to m a tic , 
7 ’ * ^ 5 -o a r m i l e a g e 
B y o w n e r . 
MMB 341-4142 

 m C a P I i i jo n 4 
4 s p e tr i a ir , t x - c e ite n l c o n d ilie n 648 884k y t o f l v T r a r ; a — 
A ir , >3481 I d l - i W ) 
(TTupri; v 4, a u tl ,1 air. radio, h*W lop, low mileage, ‘ I t tags 

" I I I , u,o_ BJS B ile 

 ta ( a n i C o r * In m y h o m e 
H i, T ry 
W a r /O o ih R ittim p n 
A r e a 

 r T 6 V w A k l t i C L E A J J IN d A b b 
5 2 4 M m i i e ; * 

S S M O te ^ * 
° A V * 
C A L C 
J f . C f e r i v a , ? » i) c c . o ir , o u tg . 

I T I * H o u s e w o rk , s d a y s , T J T w T 
M r s A . M a r e k . 2 2 ) St 
T h g rn lg n , 
G o n zo te s , T x 
________________ 

M e d ic a l S ille r c g n .a le s c e n f el d o ris c o m p a n io n 7 )4 4949 

24,ooo m i 539oo 4 5 4 -1 3 4 ) 
MOTEL HODSEKEEPLR 

E x e c u tiv e 
M a s t h a v e e x p e r ­ ie n c e , e x c e lle n t s a la r y 
P A R K M O T E L 
834 4935 

H f r e i B 
T 
T 
W 
? duV7y~c e m p a n io n 'V i V ' x v I i * 
" 
V e r t ,. T -ta p , 
. 
P u t I tim e lo o s in g a g e n ! o p p r g x n - i i — l r i t . 
1 
56884 C a ro l 6 5 * 2847 iQ h r % bv v t k l y, if ic iu d t n f i t o m * 
N w r§i»»§ iii# $ !c k v U e r l v T h om «x I 
................... n-n u—— 
_______ ______________ 
)M«r#k«n6$ 
Mu%1 ho Y « r « lt r « n c ir 6 h o $ a © r m r% m % N m # , 924 4 /1 1 eh.a c e y a u * saiabai * n a n d 
I r g n s p o i l o t i o n 
1 4 * 3 2 ) 2 , f e i r t Im * » M 
W 
K | f P IN C in m V 
^ 
° 
P a lm e r s M ilt A p t* h o rn * 7 2 6 -2 /9 * o tte r 5 

/aa-— m r 

T i r trim - a rt w ith a i r , a u to , e tc 

 in ta i tx net ss NI yes 
C A H l l s I o 6 6 

S 
- 
N 
E 
W 
S 
B 
O 
H 
U 
S 
A 
D 
S 

■ 
^ 
^ 
^ 
H 
S 
A 
V 
I 
N 
G 
S 
. 
. 
9 

2 
L I N E S 
$ 

I O 
D A Y S 

NON COMMERCIAL' 
CANCULAfiU 
> WflHOUf 
RAY! CHANGS 

2 
2 
5 
- 
1 
6 
6 
6 

 q u i c k u s u l r n 

C 
AUTOMOTIVE 
) [ «. ) 

C-726 fORElGW SPORTSCARS 
FoBH6W-SPBRTSCARS 
7o2 728 FOREIGN SPQRTSCA 

NEW 1977 VOLKSWAGEN 
RABBIT Model 

17o1 

FULL DELIVERY PRICE! 
INCLUDES: 
Tax, Title & License 

No hidden or additional charges 
... Plus savings on all VW's tool! 

★ USED CAR SPECIALS ★ 

71 VW Beetle only 
SI 495 

75 LAGRANDE Bug, Met 
8lue. $2995 

74 CHEVY LUV Pickup......... 
$2495 

76 BMW 2oo2 
$6895 

73 TOYOTA Wagon...............$1995 

75 VVI Camper Pop-Top 
$5395 

76 VW Convertible, like new.$4195 

73 KARMAN Chia, 4-spd., radio S a ir.................. $2295 

75 VW Rnbbit, air. AM TM, 
25.ooo miles 
$3181 

75 RABBIT 19,ooo miles, air, radio ___ ............ $2995 

74 VW Von, radio, extra clean $3888 

73 SUBARU clean................$1788 

73 VW Super, blue. 
36.ooo miles................. $2195 

TO AUDI 4 door 
$167o 

73 AUO! FOX, A ir................ $2595 

74 VOLVO, Nice 
$4195 

V 

 t i 

COMI 
SEIONf Of 
THI FASTEST SEILING IMPORTSII 
1977 SUBARU 
STO . MOORS STRI at econ om y m a 

*3,16 4 ’ 5* 
GREATER SAVINGS O N 
ALL NEW 7 976 SUBARUS 
S DEMOS IN STOCK 
12-MONTH UNIMUTED MILEAGE 
WARRANTY 
•Pius, TM, mu ANO Ll emu 

7Q2 728 FOREIGN SPQRTSCARS 
FOREIGNSPORTSCARS 
7o2 726-FoREI6N SPORTSCARS 
E x p r e s s - N e w s — 
F r i d a y , M a r c h l l , 1 9 7 7 

7o2 72^FoRE16N SPQRTSCARS 
7So^/43 AOTONIOBIUS 
7So-743-AUTOMOBILES 

M 
A R C H 
U S E D C A R S P E C I A L S 

’ 7 2 C A D I S 
'/S Ton pickup IWB 
/ J t U K U 
White, 
V I, 
Ston 
(Lord Radio 
74 HONDA STJ w 

Rodio. Air Conditioned............ i l l n y A Station wagon. Blue. 4 
/■ I IC A - * * Speed, Roaio, Air Con . A o n F ditioned .................................... 
A O 7 J 
73 QPEl GT Sftd,a *2695 

*2495 

*2295 

 s 

73 IMPALA 

71 BUICK dS»T\^:.T*2495 (Sales) 

’ 7 2 E n o n 
T° " i r a up- w i 
* " 
Blue, 6 Cylinder, Ston 

75 RX-4 Roc^o, Air Conditioned ‘2995 

73 COMET, no. 
‘2495 

Wagon, Groan, 
Loaded ........... 

Sport Wagon, Gold, loaded................ 

*1695 

*1595 

 ales and service hours: 

(Service) 
Mon. thru Sat. 
7 to 7 
Mon.-Fri. 8-9, 
Saturday 8-7 

T O 
M 
B E N S O 
N I M 
P O 
R T S 

95oo San Pedro 
341-1356 

ROD EAST rift 
VOLKSWAGEN^?? 

N O B E T T E R C A R 
N O B E T T E R P L A C E T O B U Y 

1 4 o 2 N I 
L o o p 4 1 o 
O O A 
I O O I 
( . i t at te o io g d o c h e . Rd 
o 
X 
o 
“ I 
A 
V 
I 

1 
o 
% 
O 
F 
F 

1o% OFF OF IMPORTERS 
SUGGESTED RETAIL PRICE 
WITHOUT ACCESSORIES 

AT PORT OF ENTRY 
-EXAMPLE! 
— 

® NORTH LOOP V W - > BMW-c*£>SUBARU 

4 6 2 3 F r e d e r i c k s b u r g Rd. 
• Aer o n from Wonderlond • 
7 3 2 - 7 1 2 1 
TOYOTA 

THE FAM ILY CAR 
GOES SPORTY. 

The Toyota C o ro lla Liftback D eluxe. It s the fam ily car with enough room to fit 2 o full bags o f groceries, and a price fitted to your fam ily budget. 
Pius exciting C o ro lla perform ance an d styling. I fs the p ractica l fa m ily car that brings back the fun in driving. 

S ta n d a rd Features! W e ld e d u n itize d b o d y con stru ction , fo ld d o w n split rear seat. M a c 
Pherson strut front suspension, p o w er fron t d isc b ra ke s, steel-b elted ra d ia ls, a n d m ore. 

514 NE LOOP 41o 
(ACROSS FROM AIRPORT) 

A L A M O 
TiOi GOITIA I 
828-o723 

SAVE! New ’77 TOYOTA’S SAVE! 
CORONA 
DISCOUNT! 
C O R O L L A 
L I F T B A C K S 
4 -D O O R 
S ED A N S 
A U T O M A T IC 
$55o 
DISCOUNT 

LIFT 
BACK 
SPECIALS 

N e b e d y cen tg w cl sm ell tew n prices! 

Factory Installed 

O ptions: 

A M R adio. SSO . 

A M -F M R adio. $ 7 7 . 
A ir C on d itione r, 

$ 3 6 5 . 
Pin Striping, $ 2 8 . 

U N L I M I T E D 

S E L E C T I O N 

All M odels and Colors 

H I G H E S T T R A D E 

A L L O W A N C E 
— 2 4 h o u r d e liv e r y 

TOYOTA OF SEGUIN 

715 MERCEDES BENZ 

•72 M e rc e d e s 226-D 
I o w n e r, a u ­ t o , a ir, H o llu a a n lig h ts M ic h e lin tire s, o il o rig in a l 684-2412._______ 

•75 M E R C E D E S 45o S L 
L ik e new 
24.ooo m l 
922-9391; 
341-o535____________________________ 
6o M E R C E D E S 22o-S V e ry good c o n d itio n . A ir , e x t r a s ! A m Im , r e c lin in g sea ts. $19oo 69o-o8o6 
■74 M E R C E D E Z B E N Z 
45o S L , 515,5oo 
'69 M E R C E D E S B F N Z 
3oo S E L 6.3. 51o,25o 
______________ 653-98oo______________ 
M IS S IO N C IT Y I M P O R T S 
M E R C E D E S B E N Z S o le s S e rv ic e I 
3o2o S A N PED RO ______ 736-2241 I 

•74, 45o S E L M e rc e d e s 
M U S T S E L L 222-1342 
; 

O p e n E v e s : t il 9 p . m . 

C o i r t o o m u c h 

 to get to work? 

T R Y A 
H O N D A C IV IC * 
C V C C '5 S P E E D 

 m il I*"* 

D ial Toll Treat 
2 2 4 - 4 1 8 3 
1 7 M i . f r o m S a n A n t o n i o . 

* 3 4 9 9 * 

 a a a a a a a 
* 3 # 
© e © 
o 

I N C L U D I N G M O D E L I TOT 

MOS' 
USED Cl ts 
I MECHANICAL INSURANCE 
I______ COVERAGE______ 

T h . .o f t . y Th at Ion T m 
The- Cost O f M eier M echanical Repairs Fete IR 
Months Or 12,ooo M iles, W h ichever Cam es 
First! 
Sf A 
.. a MOTOR S INSURANCE CO RPO RATIO N * 

FXO DHAITI A/" Catalina, 
2-door, light groan 
O Y r u t s I lA v. with groan mtarior, automatic J 
V-S. air with pawarT vary claan . . , *2o57*... 

’A Q DALIT!AZ* Catalina. 
2-daor, whit* with 
OO r U m I A v btu* mtarior. automatic V-*, a lr with po war, s t , 139 original milos, groat 5 transportation and clean . . . *2339A ............ 
’74 CHEVROLET X X b J T t ® 
•pood tronsmlsscon.^JAM / 9M, all carpeted, 11 2 9 5 

995 

995 

 gaugas, .Iran 
* 2227A. 
*71 DI V M A l ITU Valiant. 4-doar. brown with 
• * * L I ITI U U I H brown interior, automatic 9- cylbsdar, air with powar, radio, (loan and : economical . . . *1211o.................................. 
'73 OLDSMOBILE I W 
S : . S T T tori or, automatic, V-*, cdr, power, AM/fM stereo, looks and drives good . . . 
*2144 A........................ 
” 
ON IT 
’7o CHEVROLET r ^ r n t .H « r Oa^romoti,9oVd e “ we w afefewMEe f CIO TTI IflrRnOr, YI UTO (TY CIT IC, ▼ t, cold air, power steering, power brakes. 
49,ooo miles, super nice car, hurry tar this ana . . . * 1 * 3 o A ............................. ............... vinyl pawer clean and 

‘1395 

1695 

1895 

1995 

MG 

• Next tim e tho gas pum p starts to pass $1o OO and it’s the secon d time this week that you ve had to fill up. think about the E P A s 54/41 mpg ■ and the lowest priced gas you can buy1 That s what it cou ld be like if you ow ned a H onda civ ic C V C O 
5 Speed H atchback 

• I his is the mileage cham p for 1977 

ROBINSONS 
SPORTS CARS 
73 MIDGET................. $1995 
73 TRIUMPH Spiff se ....$2195 
74 FIAT Coupes (2) 
$3295 
74 FIAT Conv. Burgondy $3695 
74 FIAT Conv. Red 
$389 , 
74 TRIUMPH TTM ... 
$4295 
WI ALSO REPAIR MOST 
MAKIS Of FOREIGN CARS 
SPECIALS ON 
TUM UPS THIS WIER! 
8343 BROADWAY 
828-1389 
WSH or be st ofte r. 822-o1o4 

 r r ... r n 
■ f t 

51566 

• terr Ame-cen Honea Motor Co Inc 

See what the world is coming to a t . . . 

TOM BENSON 
IMPORTS, INC. 

9 5 o o S A N PE D R O 

3 4 1 -1 3 5 6 

NEW CAR SHOWROOM 
O P E N 9 A . M .-9 P . M . 
SEE THE ALL 
NEW *77 VOLKSWAGENS 
3 Year/5o,ooo Mile 
Warranty Available 
USED VOLKSWAGENS 
76 TOYOTA SSS.&J2J! .’T ' "* ‘3995 
76 VW BUS automatic, air, radio, on* ow ner.. *5895 
75 VW SUPER 
74 VW SUPER d r . d e . ................................ 
74 VW BUS 7-pas tonger, standard, radio......... 
74 DASHER 
73 TOYOTA standard ...................... ............... 
72 VW Standard, titre clean, law m ileage........ 
72 VW BUG Standard, clean............................ 
68 VW extra dean................................................ 

O v . r IO O n e w 6 u s e d c a rs in s to c k 
SERVICE OPEN 7 to 6 
PARTS OPEN SAT. A U DAY 

L o n e S t a r v o l k s w a g e n © 

33o3 Broadway 
8 2 4 * 7 3 1 1 
- 

*2995 
*2595 
*3895 
*3295 
*2395 
*1975 
*1595 
‘1o5o 

7 6 T O Y O T A Mark ll 4-door (adon. automatic, air condtttonad, AM-IM rodio. powar (tiering. powar brab aa, 6 -cyttnd o r ...................................................... 
7 6 T O Y O T A Land Cruiser. air conditioned, radio, 4- 
'49951 
'4995 

7 5 C H C V R O iC T Monte Carlo, automatic, air, power window*, powar brab#*, power cteering, cruita control, vinyl t o p .......................................................... 
7 4 D A T S U N 2 W - I , air canditionad, radio, 4- teeed ............................................................................ 
7 5 P O N T I A C Oran Villa, automatic, air, AM-tM, tilt 

’ 7 6 C H I V Y VS-ton nick up* Sonoma *aria*. automatic, i, powar Roaring, tilt w h a a l....................... 

7 4 V O L V O air conditioned, radio 
.............................. 

’ 7 6 MI- L U X Pick-up, air conditioned, radio, 4-(peed . 

’ 7 4 H I -L U X pickup, automatic, air canditionad. radio. 

7 6 C H I V E T T 1 radio, only 14,BOO mile*..................... 
7 3 CM I V R O U T Nova 4-door, O-cytinder ttondard. nica car 
................................................................. 

’731 V W tottbock. radio. 4-»pead. nice c a r .................. 

7 1 T O Y O T A Mark ll wagon, automatic, r a d io ......... 

’7 3 P I N T O Wagon, automatic, air, ro d io ........... 

*7o o 1 o 5 Cotta** Supreme, automatic, air, radio 
•72 I M P A L A 4-doar, automatic, air, radio . . . . 

< f 
» 
R 
K 
Y 
K 
R 
5 l 
V T - r m i u t 1 1 1 1 I T T T W 

34834 Fredericksburg Rd. 
736-4471 

*71 Q u i r k Skylark, 2-door gold. beige 
/ I D U H R Interior, automatic, oir with | tie* ring powar brake*, vary dependable car . . . * 132SA. . . . 

'T O n n n c t bort 
2-door, light blue, white 
/ J U U U U C vinyl roof. blue interior, automatic 
6-cyHnder, air, powar 
(tearing, powar SI G O C brake*, radio, dean” . . S2223A . 7. . . . . . . . 
I V T J 

’ 7 2 [ A D h Maverick, 4-door, brown, brown tn- r 
“ U U U tartar automatic 25o 6-cy Under, air, SO I O C pawer, vary clean. 47,o73 mile* . . . *471 IC 
* I 7 7 
'7 2 rU C V / D n i CT Hove 
Hatchback, beautiful 
FO V .H C V K U LC I blue, blue interior, aute matte 33o V-*, air, power, (pert wheal* and mirror*, thorp . . . *2174*.............................. 
’71 OLDSMOBILE 
9-pu*tonger, automatic V-*, air with pawer, roof rock, thee i* nice . . . * 11 A2A..................... 
I T A U C Q M I D V Capri, light groan with brown m t K L U K T bucket Mat* automatic 2*oo 
6-cylinder air with power, gauge*. 31,3*6 m ile* . . . * 3 1 3 3 * .................V. .7................... 

1 7 J M C DCI IDV Comet. 
4-deer, white with r 9 “ iK L U K I blue interior, automatic 
6- cylmder air with power, white vinyl roof, 
AM'IM. 3o,332 mil**, tike new . . . *231 AA 

‘2195 

*2295 

'2495 

'2695 

 dau roof, tan iwival bucket 
Mat*, automatic V-*, air, all powar including electric window* door lock*, cruita control. 
AM'FM with 
(-track, much mc 
*3o*5A ............................................. 

’ 7 4 M E D r ilD V Montage, 
4-door, beautiful 
/ 4 I9IKKCUKT dry blue with dark blue vtnvl reef, hive doth Interior, automatic (mall V-8, air with powar, 3o,63* mil**, thowreem condition , . . S I * * 7 A ...................................... 
>7 A DI v u m 
ITU Ow*tar, 2-door groan with 
/ 9 r l i m u u i n Whit* Mort trim, whit* Lan­ dau roof, automatic 6-cyltnder. air with powar, only 27.264 mH** . . . *4761*........... 

* 7 M D| HYI/ La 5 ab re, 
4-door, medium btu*, r * DUICIL whit* tap, btu* interior, automatic 
V-*, air, all powar including electric win­ dow*, 
(oat*, doer lock*, cruise control. 
AM/FM (toro*, mer* . . . *2313 A .................. 
’ 7 7 r U C U D m CT h mn Custom 
IO Pickup. 
/ v L H l Y K U L l l blue with tu-tone, wbite- 

. '2695 

'2795 

2795 

'3195 

 tron*mi**ian, 35,(57 mile* . • V ifc & T *. ‘3195 

» 7 7 n A h r t Adventurer IOO Pickup with mH- 
/ J U v v U l contained 
'‘Helmet 
Camper", brawn with ton interior, automatic. 31 ( V-*, ok, pawer, gauge*, crvi*e control, camper in­ clude* Move, (Ink, ice bo* and mara, d eep* 
4 comfort ably . . . * 3 3 ( 9 ................................ '3295 
724 VOLKSWAGEN 

W e o re s e llin g o u r b a b y ' C le a n , I o w n e r 66 V W w ith 4 oH P e ng ine , re c e n t p o in t 1ob, g o o d c o n d itio n 
3693. ASA-1789, 636 5777____________ 

725 VOLVO 

6 4 5 4 4 5 4 4 5 4 5 5 H 
o 6 

1974 M G B C o n v e r t i b l e 
L o w m ile o j^ ^ 3 4 9 ^ ^ h o n d le r^ 2 2 5 ^ 7 n 

717 OPEL 
722 TOYOTA 

69 O P E L G T , outo m in t c o n d itio n 
5123o 333-8152_____________________ 
7 1 O oe l G T in go od (h o p e $2ooo 
654-65*4 o r 434 16(5_______________ v in y l 

’77 CORVETTE 
2 .o ( 8 a c t u a l m i in w a r r a n t y . 
P o w d e r N a e . IS* H l-p e rfo rm a n c e e n g in e , a u to m a tic , f a c t o r y m a g w h eels, r a d ia l tire s , t ilt -tele (c o p e 
S t e e r in g w h e e l i m Im s te r e o , r e a r w in d o w d e to g a e r, b u r g la r a la rm . R a c k an d p in io n ( t s a r in a 
SI o,5oo 
C A L L J I M : 661-4511 

72 24o Z. 4 (p e e d , a ir , A M F M . ta p e d e ck , e x tra c le a n ! R e d w ith w hite in te rio r. 
341-3513 a tte r 
5 

71o H A I 

1»7S E M V E T T E - 
C A L L (57 o529 

H <?o rv e ffe S S W 

•72 
F I A T 
C O N V E R T I B L E 
4 (p ee d 3o,ooo m ile ( M u ( t (a e to a p p re c ia te P r ic e d lo (e h a v ic k lf 
CoM D o n Y a rb o ro u g h 222 (61 1 

‘73 F I A T 128, 4 d o o r 
R u n * w e ll 
* , * nftO O PUC 
51425 or b e d O ffer 
734-6127 e r 
/I J J • P u H d ln t 
> 2M 4 8 f. 
‘76 F IA T 124 S p id e r C o n v e rtib le 
Loaded , low m ile * 224 SIS* d a y * . 
(2 1(54 o e ve s 

7 2 O pel G T , ra d io , h e a te r, top, >19oo 736-7916._______________ 

73 O P E L G T 4 - S P E E D 
W h ile, ra d io ........................ . 52*95 
T O M B E N S O N I M P O R T S 
96oo S A N P E D R O ________ 341 ITS* 

'69 O P E L G T , 4 ( p e e d , 2 S m p g . cle o n , 51,493. 494 57(6.____________ 
*7 O p e l X o d e t te 
N e e d ( w o rk 
SHO. 432 6146 o tte r 3______________ 
64 O p e l K o d e tte d a t io n w a g o n , good co n d 335o 826 3o17 a t l i 
73 O p e l M a n t a L u x u u ( S p o r t 
Coupe G o o d con d. 3145o 49o 1123 

7 3 O 
P E L M 
A N T A 
4 (p ee d, o ir. T a k e u p p a y m e n ts n o c a v i t y , c a l l O C V o l l m e r , 
349 (948 , 344-1935 O tter 7 p m 
61 O P E L 
R a lly e ( s p e e d . 3525. 
2264291_________ ___________________ 
72 O P E L S P O R T , a u t o m a t ic , c le a n !! 
C h e a p ! 
M r 
B e n n e tt 
222-o9(6. 
_____________________ _ 

72 T O Y O T A C O R O L L A 2 -d o o r, a m tin ra d io , h e a te r, 53,ooo n u . 
R e c e n t c o m p le te o v e r h a u l. E x ­ c e lle n t co n d D o u g h ie r* c o r SI TSO 
3464149 
T O Y O T A C o r o n a . '7 4 , C a li c o 
M C -111 A m Im , a ir, ra d ia ls . 3o.ooo m i 
E x c e l l e n t ! 5 2 6 9 5 
D a y s , 
736-1623, n ile * 732-6473___________ 
I 7o T o y o ta C o ro n a *2,ooo m ile s , 
I a ir, A M -F M . 3(95 681 368o 

7 1 T o y o ta C o ro n a s e ll! 393o. 632 7912 
4-spd . m u d 

'71 T O Y O T A 4 d o or, a u to a ir. B ig 
Jo h n 226-o291_____________________ 

72 T o y o ta E x c e lle n t , ru n s d * r- 
, le c t 11293 o r o tte r 433 4112 

T O Y O T A O F S A N A N T O N IO 
17o3 S E M I L I T A R Y O R I V E * 
924 9451 

T O Y O T A O F S E G U I N 

O p e n e v e s t i l 9 

T o l l F r e e : 2 2 4 - 4 1 8 3 

72 O P E L w a a o n , a u t o a i r , pow er, 34 OOO n il i l l 9 3 711 »o/j_ 

T O Y O T A W A G O N 1972 C O R O L 
L A 
I ( M C C . S T D 
S H I F T 
N E W 
T A G S 
G O O D 
O R I V E ! 
S A C R I F I C E 31o5o 433 1641 

I N 
O 
R 
T H 
W 
O 
O 
D 
I 
PORSCHE f AUDI 
XI-7, power, on, 
7 3 MERCURY stereo tape low mileage 
. . . 
(utkns Supreme, 2 door, outomoht, 
JO O L D ) power, oir. stereo, tilt wheel, (rune t 
(ontrol 
. . . - , , n 
, w 16 Ton pickup, shod wide bed. 6 
73 CHEVY cylinder, stondocd, AM fM Steree, 
5295 

‘2495 

*5695 
*5695 
*2195 

8 hock i e * / - L in w e I C B 8ew Yorker, Iroughocn ful 
75 CHRYSLER ly loaded 
(Phi veals hit wheel, stereo, cruise control, 15,ooo miles 
75 TRIUMPH FR 6 Overdrive AM IM 
. . . g l i m . p a w 2 door, 4 speed, aw con 
7 3 AUDI FOX dinned TT 
. . . . / . n a a n . 911 f Coupe, 5 speed, ow. 
73 PORSCHE AM TM, new 
Mwhelm } • . q q c 

X WX Hies, 21.ooo miles 
I U , T Y J 
. r a h . i r 914 2o Liter, S speed. AM fM 
. A r 
76 PORSCHE stereo cossette,T w o miles 
7495 im / A 
A i i e u / Irons Am, block, ow con 
76 PONTIAC (btion, automatic, till wheel, stereo tope ........................................ ............. 
'74 MERCEDES BENZ electric 

5595 

 blue. completely leaded, including windows sun roof, leather interior, cruise control 
14.5oo 

'73 T o y o ta W a g o n 
C o ll 638 5641 
C le a n 
3135o 

1975 2 4 2 o L V O L V O a u to , a ir , p o w e r 
17,ooo m ile s O n e o w n e r. 
34995-628 62o3, 824 3914 o tte r 3 

P A R K T E N V O L V O 
IH S C O U T D E A L E R 
132 B A L C O N E S N O R T H 732 2143 

‘71 V O L V O 142E 
4 speed, a ir, ste re o , ra d ia ls , 322oo 
Urns o2o-4939______________________ 
67 V o lv o 1(oo O v e r d r iv e . 31o93. 
J im . 736-3917, 222 8273 ___________ 
V O L V O 1971 S E R I E S 142 
H A S 
L O T S O F M I L E S , B U T D R I V E S 
P E R F E C T G O O D B O D Y . N E W 
T A G S 
3995 
M U S T 
S E E 
3515 
C U L E B R A _________________________ 

.1 V o lv o 144-S. S ta n d ., lo a d e d . 
G o o d co n d itio n . 736 5o35 
1 '7 2 V o lv o W a g o n 
G o o d c o n d , 
325oo o r b e d o tte r W k rta y s oft. 7, a n y tim e w k e n d s 
656-815o, 

73o-743 AUTOMOBILES 

732 BUICK 

•74 B u ic k r e g a l 
L a n d a u 
A ir , p o w e r, S - lr a c k s te re o , m a r o o n w h ile lo p , in t e r io r E x t r a c le a n 
33ioo. A tte r 3:3o, 433-6329 
'76 Buick Regal landau 
V I , a u t o , p o w e r , a i r , c h r o m e w h e e ls A M - F M s te re o tape, 6o-4o I seat. 
U n d e r 
4,ooo m i. 
$475o I 
344-543o____________________________ ! 

'73 B u ic k R e g a l lo a d e d , 33.ooo 
65o-o6o6 A tta r 12 noon.____________ 

1974 B u ic k R e g a l, o w n e r m u s t sell, fu lly lo a d e d w ith C B , S3oo m i, u n d er w a rra n ty $33-969o ________ 

‘74 B u ic k R iv ie r a . L o a d e d E x c e l­ le n t c o n d 
I o w n e r $36oo 
B e n 
J o m e tl, 736-4311, 633-31o4________ 

B u ic k S k y h a w k , ‘76. E v e r y op tion 
G r e a t a a s m ile a g e , d r i v e lo o p p re c la te ' 342-9792_____________ 

-71 B U IC K S k y la rk , top co n d itio n . se e lo a p p re c ia te , $1395 733 699* 

’75 CHEVROLET lu x 
Pickup, U nfed w in d o w p e r th *11, g o ld w ith bro w n 
Interior 
4 -* p** d w ith a ir, 
(p e rt w heel* and rotted w h ite le tte r fire*. Ilk* ( O O O C 
, * » I 7 A ............. i / 7 
J new, 2 4 ,3 3 2 m ile*, thorp . 
’74 FORD on^’brewn**1* terror, autom atic V - tui In*id * and out, m a ny e xtra * 

 wire, e -p o *tonger, w ith Habra' e re 
8, air, en p ow er, I 
,, beautl- 
* 2 2 9 o A 

 if*- 
'75 OLDSMOBILE S S M J S X . T C terrier automatic 3 3 o V -8, air. p ow er clean ccw . . . * 4 « 3 2 A 
. . W A S > 4 4 9 5 
I I C C A D I S ( t o o Pickup, bright red w ith re- 
/ J r U K U terror autom atic V B . air w ith I 

'3495 

'3895 

 et, xx ce Went, 
* 1 9 8 2 A ............ 
1 3 ,3 1 4 m ile* 
‘3995 
'74 CHEVROLET g g T T J ig ; 

 gouge*T m FM w id e O uttlde re orn s-w m ir ra n , duet tank*, 3 4 3 edition . . * 3 3 3 1 . . . 
’75 OLDSMOBILE 
'4695 

 e s 
■ a ge n cy 
Sedan, light 
J, w hite vin yl reef, blue trothed velour inferior, e v e ry a v a ila b le op- t i L O C 
Hon 
. . * 3 3 9 3 ....................' ......... S P IC IA l 
N O V ) 

72 V O L V O W A G O N 
A u to m a tic , a ir L o w m ilo s B e lo w B lu e B oo k. 
$293o-656-o336__________________ ___ 

726 MISCELLANEOUS AUTOS 

•TO F O R D W agon , lo a d e d 
51o95 
•71 T O R IN O 4-d o o r 
.............. $495 
‘TO M A V E R I C K 6 s ta n d a rd 
$99$ 
-49 F O R D X L . lo a d e d 
........ $995 
44 I M P A L A 4 d o e r .............. 564$ 
•7o O L D S 4-door 
.................... $845 
•7o A M B A S S A D O R 4. ( id 
..5 4 9 5 . 
SM ITH S Used Cars 
7o3 5 A L A M O 
226 4144 
49 R e n a u lt 16 
E x t r a c le a n , 
4 -sp d . 
4-dr 
G o o d co n d 
5495 
o3*3481._______________________ 

STEPHENS 
A U T O G A R A G E S A L E S 

V is ta 

•7o F O R D 
‘71 F O R D , B lu e 
I i 
O L D S w agon 
.......................... 
7 2 C H E V Y Im p a la 
7 1 I N T E R N A T I O N A L 
7 o V W S q u o ro b a c k 
‘49 C H E V Y M a lib u 
... 
5o1 W E S T A V _________ 

594S 
$995 
C ru is e r 
. $2195 
5146o $5 
.. $15oo 
5932 SS 
$514.7$ 
734-1661 

W H Y W O R R Y , a b o u t b u y in g a 
U se d C a r t O u r c a r s o il c a re tu ilv selected, in sp e c te d a n d c a r r y a 12 m onth o r 12,ooo m i p o w e r tra in w a rra n ty 
T h ese c a rs h a v e to be g o o d See u s b e fo re you b u y ! 
GOLDSTAR Auto Gallery 
23o1 SAN P E D R O /32 SI 19 

731 MNC 

C a ll 453-o3o3 
I M 
1 6 fe V I T T E '~(r^3 p e~ TT r i s p e e d , 542oo C o p t 
G o s s , R a n ­ d o lp h 658-4421 E x t i l l t u t i 6 r v t m 
~ g y n v 'e r i i 'STT 
P o w e r s le e r in e . p o w e r b r a k e s . a u to ., a ir 
N e e d s w o r k 
127oo. 
349 8o78 a lt e r 6 p m 

Howell m ile s 474 o742 
- 7 T ? '6 r V E T T E 

7o F i a t 85o S p o r t , lu s t o v e r h au le d. Caw 69o 1oo3______________ 
72 F I A T 111 S ta tio n W agon . 565o 
313-8152_______________________ ____ 
128 SL F I A T , a ir, urn Im ( sp e ed . 
5145o a c c e p t t r o d e . I l l 138o w o rjiJj ^ j ^ 3 ^ tt« ''’ i- 

711 HONDA 

M U S T S I L L 
221 1342 

H 
C o r v e t t e p e r f e c t c o n d it io n 
$68oo R ic k H o ra c e , 344 3621 

6* C o rv e tte ." e n , 4 * p te d . e x c e l len t co n d itio n 341oo 344 744/ 

 l l O ra n g e V e tte A u te . A M F M ta p e , p o w e r. W e lte r G e r o e h t y 
I 

 a l i a s 
- _________ 
7 4 V e t, 4 s p e e d , L I I . C u d in te r- i f f j ^ y rf* * d V 4$4 4611 e xt 2o7__ 
•71 V ette A u to , lo a d e d , e x c e lle n t co n d 
W a lle r G e ro g h ly 
22$ S i l l ; 
686->o8o 
___________________ 
7 4 V E T T E , lo a d e d m u d s e ll get lin g m a r r ie d 
64,2*o 
F ir m 

 v . i , t m , . , --------------------------------------- 

7 4 H O N D A C IV IC . 4 spe ed, a ir , a m ra d io . 
22,ooo m ile s 
*174$. 
*53-6154 
_________________ 
72 H o n d a C o u p e 31,ooo m ile* . OO m p g 
E x c e lle n t c o n d it io n 
B e d efW f • 884 so t*. 
7 4 H O N O A H A T C H B A C K 
B ro w n 
4 sp e e d 
R a d io , a ir co n d itio n e d ........................ 
3229$ 
T O M B E N S O N I M P O R T S y*o o _S A 2JJJE P fiH O i|— i- ^ 

N O R T H W O O D P O R S C H E A U D I 
1236 N E L O O P 41o 
_ _ _ _ _ _ _ U t H I!______ 
45 P o rs c h e 356-C G o o d co n d itio n , a ir 
121 o4o4. e x t 
3o1; a tte r 4: 
342 711o____________________________ 
73 P O R S C H E C ou p e , 914 a m tm ra d io , 5-spood, 427 4727 
7 o P o rs c h e 411 E 
5 sa d , m a g s. a ir M r o c k $5*oo C a ll 341 5511, I 
Ie $ a lte r *: 732-3973______________ 
P O R S C H E 914. 1973 S44oo E x ­ c e lle n t c o n d itio n . 227-7573 d a y s , 
IJS SUO a tte r A ____________________ 

W A N T E D : Ie a s s u m e p a y m e n ts e n T o y o t a a u t o 
P r e f e r a b l y 
5-speed 
349 52o1 
494-433o 
M rs . 
E a to n 

723 TRIUMPH 

74 P O R S C H E I O p a in t 568oo-633 1171 
N e w y e llo w 

1974 P o r s c h e . 911 S p e r la m a t ic , 
33,o9o m i, 51o,ooo 341 6739 
7 7 P o rs c h e 911 T a rg a . $ s p e e d , g a u g e s 
A M P M s le r e e t a p e , 
A llo y s E x c e lle n t ' 5835o 494 57oo 

A L A M O S P O R T S C A R S 
A u th o rtte d S a le s a n d S e rv ic e 
T riu m p h A tta R o m e o 
3111 B R O A D W A Y >2o 3511 

M u d s e ll 147$ T riu m p h S p itfire . 
B e s! a h e f 444 $4o1 e ve s__________ 
7 4 T R 7 , urn tm a ir 
14,5oo m i. 

 u r n w 
? f i L m m 
__________ 
72 T R I U M P H G T * . 51995. M u d 
( f it. no-*4 14 
__________________ 
72 T R I U M P H T R * R u n s g re a t! 
24 M P G 828oo 137 6311 

Llloys 

719 PEUGEOT 

1973 T R I U M P H T R . w h ite w ith b la c k in t e r io r 
A ir c o n d it io n e d , r o ll b a r . A M - F M 
34 OOO m ile * . 
Im m a c u la te c o n d itio n 
5345o 

____________________________ 

71? JAGUAR 

 ja g u a r X K E 
71 C o n v e r t ib le 
29,6oo m i 
Y e llo w b la c k in te rio r 
/ 7 ? • T H Y O lA 
A ir , e x c e tie n t c o n d it io n 
*75oo 
’ L l 
651 2451 8 4 e m 
638-oo21 a tte r 3 

•74 J E N S O N in te rc e p to r III 

 i*U U 2xM xM 
M 
M xxw xi& & 2 !2 ? 

T I P E U G E O T 594, $4,ooo m i E x ce ile n t m e c h a n ic a l co n , au to, a ir, ste reo $1858 OI* 3971_____________ 
724 VOLKSWAGEN 

YOU’LL FIND IT HERE! 
'7 7 V O L A R E 

4 - D 
O 
O 
R 

S I D 
A N 

 power steering 
& 

T N H O S IN O A T 
S P E C IA L A T 

Automatic, o k conditioned, 
V-8, 

 brakes 
* 7 1 2 1 

T W . H U * 
J ~ 4 jviff 
* 5 o 9 2 
J A C K R IE G E R 

C 
H 
B 
V 
S l t e - P l V 
M 
O 
U 
T 
H 
$8oo SAN PEDRO 
732 1211 

*9 A M B A S S A D O R W A G O N , au te a ir. 4 do or. R e d , v e ry c le a n l7 S o 
(S T 3747____________________________ 

7 5 A M O H O R N E T H A T C H B A C K . a ir. a u to m a tic , o n ly o,o9o m ile s 
M u st se ll A s s u m e p a y m e n ts , an d b a la n c e C o ll M r B e n n e tt 227 o4o6 

7 3 G R E M L I N , 6. a u te a ir , p o w e r ste e rin g 421 o348 

7 5 G re m lin , b v o w n e r, *1,875 C a ll 
( M M K _______ _____ 
71 G R E M L I N , 7 d o o r, a u to m a tic , a i r . 2 7 ,o 9 o m ile * , * 1 * 7 3 
C a ll 
M a n u f l, K l - N M , _________________ 
G r e m lin 
74, I s p e e d . A ir . o n e ow ner. 
32.9oo m ile s 
615oo, 

7 4 G re m lin S to n d 
A ir 52945-633 o9oo 

'7 4 G R E M L I N , d d , a m tm . I tra c k , r o d io ls 13,o99 m i 454 1727 
‘T I H o rn e t e do or sta tio n w a g o n , 4 t io n d o r d 5633 b e d O ffer 656 I POU 

•49 B u ic k S p o r t w a g o n , g o o d 
Iro n s 3645 344 2674_______________ 
1971 B U IC K 
............................. *1595 
S p o rt 
S ta tio n 
W agon 
‘ G o ld ' 
L o a d e d 
T O M B E N S O N I M P O R T S 
46oo S A N P E D R O ________341 1356 

7 3 BUICK 225 
T a k e o v e r p a y m e n ts , n o e q u ity , co ti C re d it M o n o g e r, 349-644o 
74 E S T A T E W a g o n , a ll p o w e r, ste reo , tope. 42,ooo m i. 344-o727 
72 L a S e b r e , 4 d o o r . o u to . a ir , 
51o9o 696-21*4.____________________ 
74 R I V I E R A A s tro ro o f L o a d e d ' 
124-63*3 o tte r 7 : *46-o3o3_________ 
147* S K Y L A R K V 6, au to P o w e r, m r ^ U k ^ ie w C a ll Steve, 681 J442 

733 CADILLAC 

7 4 CADILLAC $435o 
A ll e x tra s . V e ry n ic e ! 828-6459 

74 CADILLAC BrgtnnSec' 
L ik e new , w a r r an ty , 826 o147 

‘49 C A D I L L A C C A L A I S $135o or tro d e to r s m e ll c o r. 3*4-4162 
•64 C a d illa c , c le a n , n e w t ir e s , 
$5o9 A tte r 6 532-26*6______________ 
7 2 C a d illa c C o u p e D e V ille *255o 
COM *33 522*______________________ 
C A D I L L A C C O U P E 567$ 
R u n s 
T ip -T o p . tir e s lik e new 
1 > 1 1 - o 1 4 1 ____________________ 

'69 CADILLAC S128o 
C o u p e D e v ille in s h o w ro o m co n 
■ r n * ? * ’ _______________ 
' 7o C a d illa c C o n v e r tib le . S e e Ie a p p re c ia te ! 633-o911______________ 
75 
C A D I L L A C 
C O U P E 
D E V I L L E , lo w m i 56.145 63 3 6568 

‘ 74 C A D I L L A C C o u p e D e v ille , loaded, le a th e r in te rio r, e x c e lte n l co n d itio n $549$ 654 o344_________ 

72 Cadillac Cpu OeVille 
L O A D E D ! ' 57.ooo m ile s 
$2795 
J A M IS O N M tr s S eg u in 223 $1o1 

7 4 CADILLAC $445o 
________________ 
D e v ille , m a n y , m a n y e x tra s 
V-4, A M F M 
o1o-o959 
___________________ 

68 C A D I L L A C , 4 d o e r N eetw ood. 
$o9o, 915 L o M o n d e _______________ 
7 5 C a d illa c E l D o iu d o 5oooo e x ­ ce lle n t co n d itio n s ilv e r on s ilv e r 
733 l o l l e r 921 44o; 

•7* o l d s m o b i l e dau r a d , autom atic JOO V -8 , a ir w ith p a w e r, bu cket teats, colum n shift, d riv e in s ty le v a t still rn abi e tin g r a d ga* m ile a g e 
1 4 ,8 2 7 m ile* . . . * 3 J O I ............................................... 
• 7 1 D I U C I / electra 2 2 9 C aupo , (liv e r, bu rgu n dy 
/ O B U I L R la n d a u r o d , burgu n dy infecter, att 
'4 9 9 5 

 e v e ry a v a ila b le opt 
■ (TAUS IO * pawer 
. . . * I4 2 9 A 
TCHJ«$ I O * O N I V . 

 v e ry i t 
$ 7 o o o 
*5995 

SER VIC E, W H A T 
IT'S A LL A B O U T 
QUALITY USED CARS 
LEASING & 
RECREATIONAL 
VEHICLES 

G u n n 

O l d s m o b i l e 

75o N E. LOOP 41o A l BROADWAY 
824-o411 

 i^j MARK V wt,,t mo*moo*‘ tou<^*() 

 i v y / f A m i l A t 
M n OeVtMa. atule tvery op 
I O V A U I L L A L hen, lea mileage 9 
1o1 
•76 MARK IV 
“ 
‘ 

Town le i atnget m eenduii, lend 

 m m r . ............................. 

■ ewer s t e e r in g , la r g e 4, a u t e 
A M - F M s te re e E x c e lle n l *56-1227 

--------- 
BUGS ONLY VIN RE MFG. 
, 724 - rn kswagen 
Ii *t/$et*, m r tiid in u ( ih tir a in k t m 
*». » 
I w ln O n f w l f l 

714 MAZDA 

 m 
D A I S O A 

7 4 D a tsu n E l <6. le a d e d o r 364 1587 
3553*57. 

D A T S U N 
B R Y S O N A U T O C E N T E R 
U M P A T B O O K E R 
U N I V EW S A I C IT Y 431 63/1 
74 D A T S U N 6Uo 4 c'-.gr, 4 speed, a ir , s a c r if ic e 
* I4 » 5 , I 4 t - 8 t l l ; 
344 1643 eve* 
•73 D A T S U N P ic k u p , e x c e lle n t co n d 51795 RIH. 818 lit * , w d rk , 
481-1331 home 
_____________ 

D a t s u n S e d a n 
I S I IO 
°,u l L to w e r , h e a t, o ir . A M - F M , 7,888 m ites, one ow n e r 341 1822 au te. 5658, 
76 D A T S U N W agon. 

 r f i o U o i i 1 1u W a g o n ix c e lle n i to n a u te n $1188 I I I \ n i _________ 
1971 D A T S U N K O Z 
L o a d e d ! ! 
826 4563, 69$ 8856 
___________ __ 
1974 O u tsu .i MOZ. 1 + 2 
"»• tfba now , 11^3157; *32 4323 
7* D A T S U N H O I . r e d 
M a o * , a m tm lik e n e w 
$*266 e t b e s t 

 i*ts> » i m 
* 

74 Id a /d u E 1*6o H ud iu . u n , le u i b u m p e r 26.o88 m i $1193 646 1418 

7 4 M u /d a G o in g o v e rse a s, m u st s e ll' *2589 4327 84$_______________ 
7 3 M a / d u 
N e w t ir e s , lo w m i 
L o o k s , ru n s g e e d $1295 o r b e s t 
Otter I 337 $461; I >57 9931 

7 3 
M A Z D A 
R X I 
W A G O N 
( s p e e d , a i r , s h a r p ) I 
L e w p a y m e n t s , a s s u m e b a la n c e 
L E V I N E , 223 898o_________________ 
197$ R X 4 ( - S P E E D 
4 door 
B L U E 
R a d io , a ir co n d itio n e d 
$2995 
T O M B E N S O N I M P O R T S 
TSO* S A N P E D R O 
341 IJS* 

I 
1974 R X 4 S T A T I O N W A G O N 
B lu e, 
4-speed. lu d o . a ir 
I c o n d itio n e d ..................................$284$ 
T O M B E N S O N I M P O R T S rcUV S A N P L U M P 
1 4 ^ 3 3 6 

A L A M O T O Y O T A 
A c ro s s F ro m A ir p o r t 828 o731 
________ $34 N E L O O P 418 

75 BELICA ST 
T a k e e v e i p a y m o n ts , n e e a u ilv c o ll C re d it M a n a g e r 149 6948 
/4 C O R O L L A cou p* a ir, urn Im new tire s 514o9 227 8918 739 3533 n C o ro lla 
L o a d e d 
51395. V e r y tow m ile s. 344'>89 6 . _____________ 
71 C o ro n a M a r k l l 
A ir . 4 s a d , e x c e lle n l 734 8519, 136 1)89 
IF Y O U C A N B U Y A B E T T E R 
B U IL T S M A L L C A R T H A N A T 
P R Y E R T O Y O T A 
B U Y IT 

S ch o o l T e a c h e r s, 7 3 T o y o ta C o ­ rona. auto, a ir, 46.789 m i SI,759 
*53 5885___ 
________________ 

A ll p o rts in c ie u in g lib e l g lu ts in s to c k , lo c a te d , o r o r d e r e d F a c ­ to r y d ir e c t o u t le t 
N e B a r g a in 
H u n te rs , p le a s e ! 1911 H iw o y 98 fcosl ( p m - l p m M o n P n 

• B U G S a 
1964 th ru 1977 
C A L L 
B I L L 11*441o 
7 4 D a s h e r , 2 d o o r, a ir . a u la , 
' p ic o t le n t $2458 441 17 1/__________ 

I 7 4 D A S H E R E x c e lle n l co n d itio n . 
*145o M u s t s o li! ;$4 $$3s 
____ 
D A S H E R 
‘74 v w a u to a ir. lik e 
! new S1S59 333-8ISI 

I Buy Sell Used C e n c o m P o i M c P a e o n ______ / l l / i n 

I S E L L V W S 
M o d e ls fro m 
6* 7 7 
C a ll 
F r e d 
VUSqU e/ 63*7311 

 m VOLKSWAGEN 

71 V W 411, outo 4 do or. e x c e lle n t co n d itio n S133o (64 *6/6_________ 
( I V W A u to , lo w m ile s , e x ce tie n t con d >74* 653 44/o 

71 V W F a s tb a c k 41,i 
654 o223 
I m c 51858 

68 V W B e a u litu l, lik e new e x tra s $859 *1489*6 
M a n y 

67 V W F A S T B A C K fboO 
494 $341 
C le o n , ru n s 

71 V W B e e tle A ir, su n ro o f, A M . 
Bood ti a n s p o i lo tio n 519o6 or be st otter 
*47 86*8 ; 657 1444 e ve s 
I • 
B N O e 
_____________________ 

7 1 V W G h ia , e n g in e a n d ir o n s m isstg n w a rra n ty 51345 65$ IIJI 

64 v w M ic r o B u s. re b u ilt e ng ine , needs b o d y r e p a ir m u st s e ll S458 
*8* 4636 
_____________ _ 

71 H O R N E T S p a r T a b o o • 
A ir , I C A D I L L A C 
69 E X C E L L E N T 
C O N D I T I O N 
F O R 
O L D E R 
M O D E L 
D R I V E S 
G O O D 
________________ 
$7oo A U T O F A I R 331$ C U L E B R A 

 o u to 
L l b lu e . 
7 2 C a d illa c F e e lw o o d 
L o a d e d . . 
_ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ I lik e new M u tt s e ll 437-9394 
, 
7 3 C a d illa c F le e t w o o d B r o u g h I _ a m >3999 7 ^ 4 3 3 3 .4 1o $ ________ 
# 
7 4 CodfM ac 
I o w n e r 
C le a n , low 
A m ite a a e C o li 
4 4 > S ^ i_____________ | 9 

75 CADILLAC SED Deville 
• 
L ik e N ew , w a rra n ty , T AO-OI97 
A 

7 1 C A D I L L A C S e d a n O e V ille . 
^ i new ro d io ls . e x c e lle n t *94 s it * 
^ 
75 C a d illa c S ed an S e v ille S in g le ow ner, a ll e x tra s , lo w m ile a g e 
226-8694___________________________ 

'67 VW , new e n g in e , tra n s m is s io n , 
'6 9 V W B u d , 559 5 f in a n c i n g seats, w ith ra d io 
V e ry m e t o vtuitio n - 324 *614________________ 
3Io4>-4SS-H3t______________________ 

71 J A V E L I N , * 
SI398 6*3-$396 
__________________ 
19*9 J a v e lin , a v ie . a ir , p o w e r, e x c e lte n l co n d ftio n 654 3253 

JAVELIN 1873 
B y ow ne r 
A ir, p o w e r, a u to , low m ile o g e 
5175o. 124 o849. le a v e n ie ssu q v » 'tn A n s w e rin g S ec 
J o v e im e 7 1, V I, au te. w h ite w ith b la c k v in y l to p . $115o o r b e s t otter (S I 4>/1 _____________________ 
71 P A C E R . L o a d e d , n e w s te e l r a d ia ls 
V e r y c le a n ! W ith W a r- ru n ty 653 4446 
______ _________ 

*7 R A M B L E R 
2 d e e r h a rd to p 4 s ta n d a rd 226-9291_________________ 
45 R A M B L E R h en O n ly $19$ 2 

LUXURY CAR SPECIALS 
7 4 LINCOLN 
'4895 • 
‘8495J 
'8695 J 
Io25o# 

‘4995# 
‘ 5895 • 

‘ 3 1 9 5 o 
‘5295# 
‘3995© 
# 
'54oo© 

© 

© 
© 
© 
© 75 FORD LTD 

74 LINCOLN * 

73 MARK IV Boneen leaded 

73 BUICK 

MOZ. 

 flethe 4 door hordtop, blue, loeded 

7 3 MARK IV bbHk.ibkKk 

4 door loeded 76 OOO m ilei, 
# 79 8 ............................... 
SMALL CAR SPECIALS 
7 7 MONARCH * “ ^ 
7 5 GRANADA 

 rndei 
#38 
♦ deer outomoht end sn, wiver 
.. 
# 846 
7 5 PLYMOUTH /BT “ “ * y tlo w 4,454 rndes 

 m n ................................................... 

E d tta n s p e rta 
414__________ 

71S ttR C iU i'i Bl hi 

75 D A T S U N 28* I 24>] S ta n d a rd lr an e n t i s sign, a ir. A M - F M r o d h L l tra c k ste re o O m e r e x tra s 2* Owe m ile s 
E x c e tie n t co n d itio n 
5*298 
I ii. SH*--------------- --------- 
14/4 2681, a ir , 4 sp e e d , ra d ia ls , lig h t b lu e , e x c e lle n t c o n d it io n 

>*#»> W 
U U 
------------------ 
7 1 H O I, e x c e lle n l lik e new , a ir, m e a t, r o w ga m ! ( J J M *** 4 4/J 

C L A S S I C L Y S T Y L E D 288 S 
1978 lu n y e q u ip p e d 4 d o o r b a d a n 
G u n M e ta l g re y w itn u n iq u e w h ile 
. ‘ny. tup PSJ »I79_ 

71 M E R C E D E S B E N Z 258C 
2 -d o e r, l u ll v le a d e d . O r i g i n a l o w n e r w ill I m a n c e c a ll J e r r y 

64 M e r c e d e s B e n i I96C 
4 B o o f s e d a n . s a n d b ie g e r e d u p h o ls t e r e d , a u te , g o o d c o n d 
S I,et* 353 8S84 

19*6 M e rc e d e s D ie se l, 4 d e a f, up 
Ie l l m ile s p o i fa lle n , a ir. 52693, m u* Be seen a l *421 B i a u d w a y 

• • 
• 

7 2 TOYOTA CARINA 

2 dour. BRIGHT RED 

RAOIQ, HEATER, 4 SPEED. 

ECONOMICAL MUST SEU 

2246956 

• 
• 
• 

7 2 T o y o ta C ot O lin 44,o88 m » , 
A M F M $13o8 531 334$ 
69 T o y o ta C o ro n a best otter 
149 1o46 
4-dr 
*556 or 

7 4 T u v a lu C u r a lia , 4 dr a u la , m r, ra d io 51995, 326-V291, 826-9918 

M u l l s e ll b v M a r c h l l ! 7 1 V W 
S q u u ra b a ck , c le a n n ew tire s , low m i, A M , a ir o74 7 544 a lt $ 

N U M I N L O O F V O L K S W A G E N 
712 / I I I 
4611 F R E D E R I C K S B U R G R O A D 
7 6 R A B B I I. iu * te m d e lu x e , a ir, s ta n d a rd A M F M . 655 1647______ 
•71 S q u o r o b a c k C le a n . S e r v ic e re c o rd s new p o in t $132$ 6 31/143 

74 S U P E B B E E T L B , y e llo w 
G ood co n d itio n arr, a m tm ste re o , new n re s . 336-3o49 eve*. 

T a k e e v e r p a y m e n ts en 7 * V W 
Bu* N e e q u ity C a ll 
834-9918 a sk to r F r e d A tter 7 
922-778/________ 

69 VOLKSWAGEN $975 
Su p e r co n d 124 4317 
VOLKSWAGEN 
P a r ts S e rv ic e C a rs 
* S S 7 I)I 

*5 V W B u b , f o o d c o n d . n e w poin t, Se (6 or Ipoyl O tter >38 6424 

7 o V W du g , go od Ira n s p o rla h e n 
$995 6511131 
74 VW B U G 41 OM tm , I o w n e r, fu u o co n d $19 M 923 64*1________ 
'68 V W B u l ’’ N o w p o in t u p h e i s te r y , a m F m c a s e tt e 
$9o8 o r be s! o tte r 6S5 6494, 733 >843 ____ 
74 VW B U G N I C E ! i l i a ______________________ r n !* £ • 
64 V W B u s , e x c e lle n l e n g in e 
G ee d h r e s l l von sy s te m R a d io . 
I h e a le r l l 15o 224-4851 I* e m I 
Ie 
3 o fte r j 887-218$________________ 
66 V W B u s B « e 9 tu n n in g ce rid e hon, o r got c u m b e r $9o3 *$$739o 

75 V W B U S 
7 p a s s , a u te a ir , 
A M F M , m u ltip le x , lo w m ile a g e . 
349M 434 2118_____________________ 
68 V W 
C h ro m e w h e els, ra d ia ls , e xce M e n i m e c h a n ic a l co n g 
I 735-3183 
I 7 2 V W C le o n nevT eng, I e # e ril 
Head, >1698 496-66SI 137 4434 
WI EIM Buffed WI 
M L T M IC M A S T E R >347 43/ 
*6 
V W 
F a s t b a c k 
H e a d e r e x h a u s t, b o d y , e n g in e e x c e lle n l co n d itio n WUU f /4 V II5 

69 R a m b le r * c id . ra d io , h ea te r a ir 
L o o k s , r u n s g r e a t 
1425 or 
Otter 471 8499 

VW UVERHAUL S4oo SSUO l l A M 12,OM m i W a rra n ty 
N o rth s id o B u g R e p o ir, 44* $6*4 
J J J . l y i p i 

7 6 VW pop lo p co m p e r a ir , AAA- m m 
M 
N 
H 
I M 
IO OOO m ile s 
57 2oo 
A ls o 
S ta r e r o h le n t t r a ile r s le e p s 8 
563o T ra ile r h ts c o m p e l w ill sell tuo e llir i or s e p u ru le ly *** 29/2 

T i V W M a b o il 
U ke n e * 
52/oo 
3J* 3814 d a y s , 668 1683 e ve s 

45 R A M B L E R W a g o n . 17 m p g . 

SI 
V W 
R e b u ilt en g in e . 
5625 
734 *647 
________________ l l V W R e c e n tly re b u ilt e n g in e , c lu tc h . I new tire s , s u p e r c le a n 

 r n 
. v h i i n ______________________ 
77 V W S c iro c c o A M F M s le re e , a n , fo e la m e s I 64/ 2143_________ 
71 V W S a u a r e b a c k 
E x c e lle n t co n d itio n C a d 8166674 E N O e 

71 V W S g u o r e b u c k 
E x c e lle n t c e n d then C e ll 
8266474__________ 

7 4 V W ( l l s io tio H w a g o n . ttu lo m o h c $,'39$ *361131 

7 1 B u ic k C e n tu rio n C o u p e 
V S, a u t o m a t ic , p o w e r, f a c t o r y a ir , c h ro m e w h e els, tow m ile a g e L ik e new 
77 lic e n s e 53495 W ill tra d e 
423 I M I 
| 
7 1 B u ic k E le c t r a L im it e d T ru e 
L u x u ry ! W ith e v e ry p o w er o p iu m 
O n e o w n e r 
5 1 5 o o v a lu e , w i l l soc n in e to r $1293 444 $887 ______ 

*9 
B u ic k 
L a 
S a b r a , n e e d s b u m p e r, S IM , 4314111 
7 1 B U I C K L e s a b r e C u s t o m . I door ho id to e 
F u lly W aded N e w r a d ia l tire s , a m Im s le r e e lo p e re a l m e et S Io M 8 2 6 3837_________ 

B U I C K l l L e s a b r e t i k e n ew 
IIIo o G o in g o v e rs e a s , m u st s e ll 

 e ir , 

7 4 V W S u p er a ir. a u la 1S.oM m i 
5185o 333-81 SI 
66 V W v e ry (mort te n d 5*56 or best ofter. 341 2477 
71 V W W A G O N . 412. V e r y ge e d co n d itio n m u st s e ll 
C a sh o n ly , 
>28-TM S 

74 B u ic k L im ite d the e x tra s 
36,884 buy 6 M 79I7 

T i l l m i 
A ll 
S 3 8 M w ill 

7 3 B u ic k L im it e d L o a d e d w ild e x tra s ! U n d e r ts quo 
»-,i «»/« 

1974 B u ic k L T D to p c o n d it io n . 

 m i n k _________ 
75 B U I C K o ttic ip i p a c e c a r. s m a ll 
Ji8*a* 222-1342 
- 

’74 CO UG P E DE V I L LE 
L o a d e d I o w n e r taw m i 624 4681 

7* C O U P E D E V I L L E A m Im 
S le re e . tape d e ck , c ru is e co n tro l 
48 46 p o w e r s e a ls , a ll o p t io n s ' 
N ew R a d ia ls ) M u s t S e ll' S43S6 
>268748___________________________ 

IO c o u p e d T v i l l e 
S K M C A L L 
144 *23/ 
7 o C O U P E D E V I L L E 
S K M C A L L 
346811/ 

7 7 COUPE DEVILLE 
O n ly 1,o66 m i a il lu x u r io u s a e p o in im e n ls , / I I M / * i 
*9 E l S w e d e t v o w n e r, H O M *3* 834/ 
71 E L D O R A D O E x t r a s n a re !* 
M u s t s a c r if ic e M a k e o tte r C e ll 
M R B E N N E T T 211 o986__________ 
/ I E L O O R A D O G o o d so lid cle a n c a r '! ta k e up p a y m e n ts a n d as t e r m b a la n c e 
M r 
B e n n e tt 
211 8986 
___________________ 

7 5 EL DORADO 
VZ ye ITM OM e x t r a s 736 3311 
■ 
| 

73 
E l O a r a d e w h it e , f u ll y e e u ip p e d , e x c e lle n t c e n e 6)9o9 
I 379 1241, 624 3631 ofter 6 
___ 
I 75 
F le e t w o o d 
B r o u g h a m d E ie g a n c e lo a d e d . I o w n e r, im m a c u la te . 56 IOO 341-8124 E v e n m as. 369-9297 
L u x u r y 197) F le e t w o o d B r o u g h e m d e le g a n c e 4 d r d ll e q u ip 
227 9 388 o r 826*6*6 

X 7 6 CAPRI ll 

J 74 MAVERICK a* po.. 

o 
7 5 MONARCH 

# 7 4 MUSTANG T n o 'X 
7 6 MG 
18 OOO mil* 

# 8o2 

Who biocS looded 
73ooo irx lri 
# 8 o 
Nu*, automatic o n, ii t i to. 
#77 

‘3995 • ' 

‘2895 J 

‘3495 Z 
‘2 4 9 5 J 

‘3 8 9 5 o 

‘3 1 9 5 © 

‘3695 • 
©©•©©©©••©©©©©©©© 

 ir INSTANT CASH ★ 
PAID ON THE SPOT 

CLEAN USED CARS AND TRUCKS 
STOP IN FOR FREE APPRAISAL 

USED CAR DEPT. 

TOM BENSON CHEVROLET 
94oo SAN PEDRO 

733 CADILLAC 
733 CADILLAC 

1974 RED & WHTIE CAD 
E L D O R A D O C O N V E R T I B I t i ! 
H u s e v e r y t h in g 'I 
C u ll 
Jo h n 
J4I 8211 

RIATA CADILLAC 
11/ L E X I N G T O N _________ 2 1 6 7 1 7 1 
72 S E D A N D E V I L L E S7I/S 
A ll E l i r a s ' B e a u tifu l lig h t q ie i- it w hite v in y l re e l 
L o w m ile s . 
82# * 9 | 9 ____________ _____ 

Eighth Page 
Express-N ew s— 
Friday, M arch I I, 1 9 7 7 

73o-743AUToMoBILES 
73o 743 AUTOMOBILES 
73o 743 AUTOMOBILES 

P ln m f iB lf rallf 
NORTH PARK LINCOLN-MERCURY 
MONARCH BO N AN ZA 
1977 M ERCURY M O N A R C H 4 D O O R m w m m m 

73o 743 AUTOMOBILES 
73o-743 AUTOMOBILES 
73o743AUTOMOBILES 
73t) 743 AUTOMOBILES 

MONARCH STANDARD 
FEATURES INCLUDES 
• 2 5 o 6 cylinder 
• Autom atic • P o w e r 
Steering • P o w er B ra k e s 
• W hite Sid e w all R a d ial 
Tires • Air Conditioned 
• Tinted G la ss • Left H a n d 1 
Rem ote M irror. 

#81196 

T H O E - E N G IN E E R E D 
F 4 8 5 o 

’77 MERCURY M O N A R C H 2 D O O R 

MONARCH STANDARD 
FEATURES INCLUDES 

 l l 
• 2 5 o 6 c y lin d e r 
• Autom atic 
• Pow er Steering • P o w e r B ra k e s 
• W hite Sid e w all R a d ia l Tires 
• Air Conditioned • Tinted G la ss 
• Left Hand R e m ote M irror. 

#81o79 

JUST RECEIVED SHIPMENT OF 

1977 CO UGAR 
2 D O O R HARDTOP 
A t t m m v m 
★ Tinted G la ss ★ 3 o 2 V 8 

* 4 7 9 o 

COUGARS 

SEVERAL TO CHOOSE 
HORTH PARK 
I n n p i w m r w n p i w a n v n 
L I N C O L N ' M E R C U R Y 

Ar Autom atic 
* O u tsid e 
M irro r * P o w er Stee rin g 
★ D e lu x e W h e e l C o v e rs 
★ P ow er B rak e s 

$5 1 5 o 

92o7 SAN PEDRO 
341-8841 

I 

734 CHEVROLET 
B ig g e s t s a le 

IN O U R 2 3 -Y E A R H ISTO RY 
O VER $1 M ILLIO N IN VEN TO RY 
TO CHOOSE FROM 

I 2 M O N TH S OR I 2,ooo MILES 
M ECH AN ICAL IN SURAN CE COVERAGE 
AVAILABLE O N M OST 

NEW CARS • N EW G M O TRUCKS • NEW EXECUTIVE, EXPLORER 
A N D ITASCA M O TOR HOM ES • USED CARS A N D TRUCKS 

71 CUTLASS XrZJZ: 
‘1188 
73 ToRoNADo 
‘2288 
76 GRANADA teamed SP*A»« Cf rn1”* Itfftl' >A C a O 
A l . on only 13,ooo mil.* . . . JUST............. 
72 cutlass SrrzuJ ix. ^ r . ju st 
.....................’21 Bo 

* 7 2 r U C V / D A IC T Town* and 
Cavatr-v, 
o- 
/ J V iiC T K V / L C l pa%*onaot Station Wagon. driven only 3J,OOO mil.* . . . *2238 

72 MONTE CARLO In city, driven only IOC OO 
43,ooo mM« . JUST 
............. * 2 5 8 8 

' T I r u C U D A I t T Cuxtaai D th iit Vs ten PHE- 
' o l H t j f K U l t l up. Art*#* only a OOO mil., 

73 CATAUNA ZZSL?*V IS#4 rlTT. *1688 
73 GRAND PRIX Z&ZZ*4: 
*2688 
73 OLDSMOBILESS? t o r * J J K 
M y lend.d, extra g o o d (M d it n . . . . JOST 
/ O O O 

 t o o Y A T A l IS I A Satori 
Stetien 
Wornon 
I . 
• J CA I A U N A patienter M y loaded law in I OO rn*.u p . HA. new 
JUST 
. . . . ............. 
2 1 8 8 
72 GRAND SAFARI S S S 
,U8K 

73 buick 
*2188 
72 FIREBIRD 
T+. *2588 
73 LEMANS &Xi. ETTS. ju*T *2488 
73 EL DORADO S& -Inti . 
~ *2988 
74 FORD £ST- JUT .f? '-**■ '*• *2288 
74 GRANDVIILE 233 SSfttJ#. j r a u x r *?*? 
.**r, ^ *3488 
74 GRAN TORINO a m t 
... 
*2388 
75 GRANDVIUI LSE. porno' (leering! ne w4e el rn**# .antral newer deer locks, i m 
OO 
Nhe new . . 
JUST 
* 3 9 8 8 

4*deer, fully loaded *** IM 
*3288 

• T C C l IT I A CC I 3-dee, Merdte- 
Tully leed 
/ J C U I l A i j ^ i ed. driven only 
33 o oo 1 J 9 8 8 

76 CUTLASS driven only 14,ooo mite* . . 
JU ST.. 
*f J O O 

*4588 
76 MONTE CARLO X r tTSF' *Hv#" 

 okkii 
Sol 
___, 
*••»% «*» *2888 

 only 31 OOO mile* 
IU * I 
................................................................................ 
76 VOLKWAGEN E T oJYX^TV' cendMened, A M /TM. like new . . 
JUST . 
75 GRAND PRIX ^juTT-*- I**. IT". *4288 
75 TRIUMPH tsar *3488 
75 GRANADA ZZ":. SOI '~M ' m* *3488 
> ll MANS *•- - - oum'unjlllw 
JUST . *3488 
76 CUTLASS J a ^ O T C S T &fiRS 
•teree wtth S-ne.li hraaaaa /aik driven i c I OO only 4.ooo mile* . . JUST 7 ....................5 I OO t y c C/\Df\ Carien* S ten Supe, Cete radio end 
/ J l U A U hoe*., aaron* ani. pewor .tearing. 1 4 o o o pawer drake* 
JUST 
................. V T. 
J OOO l u r ( A n n I-ten Duma Truck, pawer fleering. 
/ J r W I lr in, war troika* 
4-«pe.d, reedy ta ( j j g g 

76 CMC 
W 
*5888 iw , n y r Ste no <la**li Vs ten Pickup, radio 
/ © U N H . and Heater pawer (tearing, pawer brake., lottery ab, SSO in gle.. driv.n . . c o o only 13.ooo mAe. 
. . JUST T T T : ............... ’ 4 5 8 8 
74 MONTE CARLO M i coadhioa 
. . 
* 3 ^ 8 8 

76 CHEVROLET NSS pew.r br ok •• 
J JO rn* gin. 
VI OOO mil.* 
JUST 
Cl 
JUST 

Cutten 
De Hr.. 
14 ten redie end Heater. en only 

73 CHEYENNE fiSCd.H^S 
*fv 
*3588 

*2488 

*2788 
76 GRAND PRIX ^ u lT ~ 
"T ‘4388 

, . JUST 

1474 C H E V R O L E T IM P A L A Cut tom on* owner. J door Hardtop 
824 **45, **5-4454_______________ 
‘71 Chevrolet im pala Excellent 
I cond Low mileage 451 1oo4 atter 
S :N _________ _________________ 
I ' l l C h e vro le t Im p a la C u sto m 
I coupe, V-8. au tom atic, pow er, factory clr, like new 77 license 
H4*> Will trode T il IS S I________ 
•71 C H E V R O L E T . K in g s w o o d w agon , lik e new r a d ia ls , a ir shacks, good cond SUSS. MI-1111 

I 74 C H E V R O L E T M onte Carlo. will finance with some Credit Call 
Woody. 431 l«48________________ 
I 
41 C h e vro le t M a lib u V S, OU tomatic. power, factory air. ex cedent condition 77 license SITS 
, WHI trode t il- IS S I______________ 
42 Chev station wagon 4 cyl SISO 
I 821-1441; ♦>!-T H I.______________ 
, ‘44 Chevy Caprice 
127 engine, 
I I unsw ell *4o4 874 71o4________ 
74 Chevy Caprice Classic, 2 door, fully eauipped. S11So 441-4511; 
, 455 7117 eves 
________________ 
SI C H IV Y impala, auto tinonc- ing gvoitobie S H I 714-44ie______ 
49 C H E V Y im p a la fin a n c in g ovoitooie S495 call 214-44H_____ 
71 C H E V Y Im p a la fin a n c in g avottabl* 1495 774-4419________ 
44 C H E V Y im p a la 2 door. 1st 
>495 cosh, 712 1414_______ _____ 
72 Chevy Im pala Excellent con aition >14OS AM Q.vi 
‘I t C h e v y K in g s w o o d E s ta te 
Woaon Needs motor work 84oo 
731-eees 
47 Chevy Malibu 127 eng . stick shift, goad c o n 449-i m i ________ 
4o Ch ew M alibu ISO 4 sod 5.oo bast atter 4*4 7741 att 5_________ 
C H E V Y 
72 V e g a h a tc h b a c k . radio, engine gauges, clean 
UFKES*! 
71 Ch eye n n e 
L o a d e d 
*14oo 
M a il tell' 1 741 1o74. 
Clean 1974 Used C ars At 
R U D G E T R E N T A C A R 14* 4443 
D I N E Load 41o at Airport Blvd 

CUSTOMERS WANTED 
NO EXPERIENCE 
NECESSARY 
PASHOIAN MOTOR 
CARCO 
17o7 B R O A D W A Y al Pearl Pkwy 

LO A DED 
N EW ’7 7 
GRANADA 2 d r 

IN STOCK 

8 4 G R A N A D A S 

PRICED FROM 

* 4 1 9 2 oo 

GILLESPIE FORD 
GRANADA SALE 

$ 1 8 8 ° ° 
DOWN 
CASH OR TRADE 

SPO RTY H A R D T O P 
Air Conditioned 
Automatic Transmission 
Steel Belted Whitewalls 
AM-Pushbutton Radio 
Tinted G lass 
2 5 o Cu. In 6 Cylinder 
Power Steering 

 y p CASH PRICE OF $ 4 9 9 8 . o o with $1 88 Down on Approved Credit = 48 months at $126.26. 
Annual percentage rote 11.83, Deferred price $6248.48. 
State Ta*, license Excluded. Stock #4 1 8 o . 

2311 Broadw ay — 227-141 5 

’74 FIAT 4-dr................$1o98 
’72 PONTIAC 
Catalina 4-dr., , , 
’68 C H A R G E R 
. 
’7o CUTLASS 2-d r,. . , 
’74 PONTIAC 
Catalina 4-dr.. . . 
’71 PLYMOUTH 
Satellite 4-dr. . , 
’68 M USTANG 2-dr.. , 
'71 M USTANG 2-dr.. . 
’73 OLDS 88 4-dr___ 
’74 DATSUN 2 6 o Z . . . 
’76 HONDA 
CVCC Hatchback 
’75 HO NDA CVCC 
Station W agon. . 
’72 VO LKSW AG EN 
2-dr................. 
’73 CAPRI 2-dr......... 
*74 PINTO Squire____ 
’75 LTD IO pass. 
Country Squirek . . 
’75 PINTO 
Station w agon. . . 

$ 999 
$ 599 
$ 79o 

$2o9o 

$ 99o 
$1o75 
$129o 
$1675 
$445o 

$2795 

$2795 

$1395 
$1895 
$2495 

$3995 

$2795 

2755 S.W, Military Drive — 923-4541 
'74 DODGE Tradesman Cargo Van $3595 
'76 MAVERICK IOO, 4 door 
$3995 
75 PINTO 2-door................... $2495 
'72 PONTIAC Grand Ville 2-door 
$2195 
'72 CADILLAC Deville 4-door.... $2695 
'76 FORD Elite 2-doot............. $4995 
'75 MUSTANG ll 2-door........... $2995 
'75 GRAN Torino 4-door........... $3395 
'49 FORD 4-doot.................. 
$1695 
'7o FORD XL 2-door, hardtop ... . $1395 

2o14 Goliad Road — 333-672o 
77 PINTO Squire 
Wagon V/6, air, power 
$5o95 
'76 GRANADA Ghia, V/8, air, power, 3,ooo miles........ $5195 
'76 GRANADA Ghia 6 automatic, air, power, 8,ooo miles 
$4995 
'65 PLYMOUTH 4-door, 8, automatic, air, power 
$ 995 
'64 FORD Falcon 2-door, 
6 automatic..................... $ 695 
'73 FORD Ranger KIT, loaded.... $3595 
'75 FORD FI OO Custom, 
6 Standard, AM/FM........... $3895 

1722 Austin Highway — 826-3287 
'75 INTERNATIONAL Scout 4x4.... $4995 
'7o PONTIAC Catalina 
2-door, hardtop...................$ 595 
'74 FORD Pickup Super Cab..........$3498 
'63 FORD Galore 5oo 4-door....... $ 495 
'73 OLDS Station Wagon, loaded 
$2695 
'71 FORD Station wagon........... $1395 
'73 DODGE Challenger, 
2-door, hardtop............... $1995 
'75 CHEVY Novo 2-door, hardtop 
$2995 
74 FORD LTD 4-door................ $2695 

TRUCK A JEEP DEPT. 
2411 Broadway — 227-1419 
'71 FORD F-25o Vt ton IWB Ranger pickup, automatic, air, power $1995 
*7oFORD 5 pass. Club wagon, 6 stan­ dard, radio, a ir...................$1847 
'74 FORD F-25o Vt ton IWB. XLT pickup, 8 automatic, air, powor...........$3787 
'74 FORD F-35o 12 ft. stoke bed, 8-4 speed, radio, power steering, 
2 T . ...........!7 ...........................$399i 
74 FORD 
E-3oo 
IWB cargo van, 
8 automatic, air, power 
$3995 
'75 FORD F-25o Vt ton IWB Super Cab, 8 automatic, air, power^J^_:_:_L$4491_ 

“ YOU CAN AFFORD A FORD FROM GILLESPIE” 
^ 
GILLESPIE® 

23oo Broodway e 327-1411 
2311 Broadway • 227-1413 
2411 Broadway • 227-1419 
27&S S.W. Military e 923-4341 
2o14 Goliod Road e 333-672o 
1722 AwsHn Hwy. e 826-3287 

MATA 
CADILLAC 
317 LEXINGTON 
226-7221 

12,ooo M I./12 MO. 
CADILLAC VALUE 
PROTECTION PLAN 
SERVICE AGREEMENT 
ON MOST 77, 76, 
75, and 74 MODELS 
CAPILLACS 

77 S Z L * ™ *132oo 

I JC E l C o m in o , litany* *44 71*2 lo ad e d , new 
TINDALL AND SON PONTIAC 
39oo SA N PEDRO 
+ OPEN EVENINGS it — GMC 
7 3 6 -1 5 6 5 

4* Green 4 door C h ow , auto , air. 
S*4fl n e I I M 
Air. now tiro*, radio. 
*81 IIM , t i IM P A L A , clean, rn out ne*o» 
Tune-up Par into 47* 144* * lo * 

 lop lis t s Aher ♦ pm. *Y s i» U 
*14 Impala 4 door excellent low mileage. >4. m 414 oo1; 

Budget 

Rent A C ar-R e n t A Truck-Fleet Sale 
DID YOU K N O W ? 

Riding the fine fleet cars and trucks you drive when you RENT from 
BUDG ET O F S A N A N T O N IO 
ARE FOR SALE 
SAVE 
SAVE 
SA V E 

O ur fleet cars hove been driven only by responsible business people like yourself W e service our FLEET with TENDER L O V IN G CARE. This makes our cors on exceptional buy. W H AT EVER your needs may be if you ore looking for a FAM ILY CAR, A S E C O N D CAR, O R A CAR 
FO R THAT SF*ECIAI S O M E O N E FOR G R A D U A T IO N . 

Prom 
Luxury” to 'Econom y*' whether a ' ‘2 -D o o r'' or ‘ 4-D oor” we have it, 
Before you buy “SHO P THE BUDGET W A Y ” 
In San Antonio see Don Ham, Fleet Manager 
BUDGET OF SA N A N T O N IO 
338 N.I. LOOF 41o 
SA N AN TO N IO , TX 
SIE: D O N HAM, FLEET M A N A G E R 
349-4441 

‘I i im p a la 7 dr hardtop, powor. cur, auto S ilty 4!> M J I 
H 

734 CHEVROLET 

7o Impute 4 dr . 
41So Mechanic * 
Speciah 41> » l I 

I i B io ;*, loaded with ovoryth 
'ny tow mt >1 4oo XU MC) 

4* impala Good condition tis *141 attar 4 p m 
I SOO 

*« C A M A R O . A U T O M A T IC . A IR 
Colt Manuel 141 M i l 

 t i Com p re i i i . l-»pd . needs body work R**t offer *44 W 4 I. M 

1*71 IM P A L A W AG O N 
Green, loaded* 
.............. 
| l**i 
TO M K E N S O N IM P O R T S 
**oo SAN P E D R O 
141 HS* 

71 C A M A R O * standard Extra m e t, no t a u t ly , ta k a g e a r pgymgnts. Randy *41 lo *I______ 

*1o95o 
‘1o89o 
‘1o49o 
‘1o45o 
*1o75o 

‘TS Comoro Ty 
I red fully re Type L l loaded m 
*142 
44 C a m e ra, auto, a ir, >1,144 
**o 4oo* oftor S ond wk ends 
I ** C o m e r* Convertible * cyl auto . p ran a* and w hit* Ooed 
I condition clta n inside 221 *211 ext 71, otter > IO, *S1 1*44. 
7 S C A P R IC E L a n d a u 2 door 
P o w a r e v e r y t h in g ! I ste re *, cru ise , tilt w h e el 
A t- sumepoyments. ana balance Cat! 
Mr Ben ne ll l l o*4*_____________ 
*♦ Cheven* 7-dr hardtop! Is l. 
4 *pd . looks and runs food >7*o i ss7 s*4i, i ss; ooh 
_______ 
74 Chovott* la gu n e lo o te d 
•OU*! SHOO CaN 
144 7ISS un- 

7* Carven* Malibu Classic 2 dear hardtop 
T o k * over p a ym e n ts with aeon credit Coll Oan Var borough 23I 44H_______________ 
Chevet** ** I i J** Cleon, Loon, 
Mean! I ewner **-,. .lock Never raced iHdO 472 77*4 
42 C h e vre !*!. 4 cy lin d e r, ce ll atter * pm, 111 U M 
________ 

 t i Chevrolet 4 duo, .lotion wagon 
M alibu Autom atic, good condi lion *447 QSQ-l o w ___________ 
IH S Chevrolet good motor, body, in to n e r, bast otter oyer I17S 
Aller ti, 'h. M 
7411_______________ 
1*74 Chevrolet im pale Custom 
Icxcell*nl condition On* owner it14»S*i,4»S-4<»* 

 ll WE'RE SEILING ll 
OUR HEET 
8227 AIRPORT BLVD 
C it JHS 
341 8211 
74 K in a s w e o d S ta tio n w a g o n . 
>4,ooo mile* >*44 4*4 J*»4______ 
1*7o k in * wood nation wagon, ow to 
V I with air. extra clean 
S4» 44*4 
__________ ___ 
L IT T L E OR NO C R E D IT 7 lf you Have a Job and >7o4 
Wa Con S E L L You A Cart! 
C L A R K % A U T O S A L E S 
1*1* W EST Avo _______ 714 7H * 
1*71 M A L IB U Auto, oir, now tiro* end battery P erfect condition 
S H ** 22* ISS* 
______________ 

I i M alib u C la s sic 
Jus, auto . 
2 dr , a ir. S ill! in W a r r a n t y 
' M i •)<* atter j 
1*7* M alibu C lastic W agon Air, a u la electric w indow s, le eks 
Radials 
14,o44 mile* 
SJI OU I, 
*1177*7 

I t M A L IB U C L A S S IC 
J d oor 
H A R D T O P 
L o a d e d ' 
P re tty 
R e d 
C a ll; 
J o * 
Id te b o vs*. 7214*11 

I t M A L IB U C L A S S IC 2 doer 
A tu u m e p a y m e n ts a n d 142*1 baloney Coll O U LU R A 212 4*44 

I i M A L IB U * d o o rT l a * * u» la m e n t* , *24 **71______ 
7o M A L IB U I dr bdtp o u i* , loaded roe I Peon *iu*> J42 444 2 

, T T LOUPE De VI U i 
/ / Blu*Hue. ... 
, 7 A Si VUU t O Green Green 
Lloo14oo 
I O (ream Ton.... 
, , , ELDORADO 
/ O Ivory Ivory ... 
, , , LL DORADO 
/ O Red While.,,. 
Ll DORADO 

7 6 
‘ 1 5 5 o o 

7 6 S M 
T 
‘8 9 7 5 

7 
6 
2 
K 
1 
‘7 7 5 o 

7 
6 
S 
E u 
‘8 5 9 o 

7 6 S B r . *9 6 7 5 
‘9 3 9 o 

7 6 2 T J r i 
‘9 3 9 o 
I * * (Ours DeVllU 
S A O O A 
7 6 whit, whit* 
9 3 9 o 
!<•# (OUMt De HUL 
S A C C A 
7 6 Due whit* 
9 5 5 o 

1 7 c COUPS o *VUU 
>o 4 . O C 
, 7 6 (nom Eon 
9 6 9 5 

7 5 Rosewood While ‘8 7 5 o 
75 SCS? 
‘829o 
75 K SB . 
‘765o 
75 C K 
‘839o 
75 Z Z ? 
‘779o 
SEDAR DeVllU j - , . - . 
73 Orang* Whit. 
765o 
, y n UOARDeVIUE i 7 A Q f 
75 Green Whit* 
*769o 
7522.Sir ‘765C 
75 S K T 765C 
7 5 ,?rj>,mu ‘74oC 
75 S i r ‘765C 
7 
5 a m coups 
>6 ? 9 ( 

7 4 SKS 
‘6 2 5 ( 
7 4 
‘6 1 9 ( 
* 7 7 (Ours D«VHtf 
S D A O / 
7 1 Green Whit. 
34 9 L 
OTHER M A K IS 

7 6 E 
T 
* 
‘8 6 5 o 
I 7 x OUK SIA WOR to 
. 

ANNOUNCING A SPECIAL 
SHIPMENT OF 1977 
CHRYSLER NEW YORKER 
BROUGHAM 
4-DOOR 
HARDTOPS 

The most elegant full- 

 size luxury car built today! 

It’s the Talk of the Town and we now have a com ­ 

 plete selection of all colors and equipment and all 

 cars are ready for immediate delivery. Remember, 

 as alw ays — W e ’re THE D EALER THAT M A K E S 

THE PRICE RIGHT! 

O.R. MITCHELL CHRYSLER/PLYMOUTH 

“ The Deafer That Tells It Like It Is ” 
28oo BROADW AY 
OPEN EVENINGS 

A C R O S S F R O M B R A C K E N R I D G E P A R K ) 

FINAL CLEARANCE 
N ew 1976 Fords at 
Factory Invoice 
* PINTO PONY 3-Dt. 
* PINTO MPG, J-D«. 
* MUSTANG ll MPG. 3-Olt. 
* MAVERICK, 4 DR. 
FOKO GRANADA 2-DOOM 
KINSELL 
FORD-MERCURY 

PLEASANTON, TEXAS 
121 SO. M A IN 
S.A. Phone 626-2791 
“Right Dow ntow n" 

YOU’LL FIND IT HERE! 
77 CORDOBA 

2 door, 

 automatic, 
Automatic, 

 ait conditioned, power 

 steering power brokes vinyl interior, # 7158 

TSU. Kau* -/Hot is * tv* 
J A C K K U C E R 
CHV V BLEB P l VMOUTH 

*5 7 4 2 

58oo SAN Pf DBO 
732-8211 

734 CHEVROLET 
734 CMEVfttLfT 

‘5 9 9 o 
FOR H IA T A L 
SPECIAL 
OF THE D A Y -^ 
DIAL 
22 RIATA or 2274282 

 loaded will help hnanr * coll M r 
‘,s M o " * * C « r,4 L o n d o u V in y l 
2 2 « « a il i! 2 i root. fully loaded alt eowor Haw 
---------------- I »lf M , w)ra wheat covors Best at 
•Ii M A L IB U W A G O N cera bv I owner M I M >14-11*2 or 
BI2PS 
222 1142 >J4 1*41 
' i i M onte C a r l* S, pow ar, air, 
S1.VS4 22* 1111 or 71* t m ash tar 

71 M O N T E C A R L O 
Lapdog, call, 141 n u 
'74 Monte Carlo, black, whit* ion dau top, low m ile a g e , le a d e d i m 
__________ 
'76 M O N TE C A R LO 
Puny leaded, take over paym ent*. ae eauity. 
J E R R Y 
P arrish. 
M * * * * 4 

MIW and PHI-OWNED 
CAR SALES 
SHOWROOMS 
Open Mon.-Tri. I A.M. 
To 6 P M 
Sat. • A.M. to 4 P.M. 
SHOP INDOORS 
IU QttVMlH_________ 

M A L IB U 1*71 SO N ISO. V t. A IR . 
P O W E R . N E W T A G S 
G O O D 
T IR E S >1244 P U L L P R IC E IS IS 
C U L E E B A __________ __ 

M A L IB U 
1 **4 
S H A R P , 
C O N S O L E , A U T O . B U C K E T S 
P E R F E C T 
U R I V E 
V O U N G 
L A D V S C A R >744 411 1*41 

7S M O N T E C A R L O , la k e U» 
P U I'n e n l> coll *2 4 M 7 I l l M O N T E C A R LO . air. powor 
C lean $11*9 it I 2*44 
__________ 
7* M O N T E C A R L O , Ilk * new 
M ust ten Will hot* finance Call 
Manual, e ll 14*4 J 
1*74 M O N T E C A R L O L A N D A U 
‘E k lro fla g o n I2 * *S4> ♦♦> *4*4 

J 

M O N T E C A R L O 1*7 1, S M A L L 
V A A IR . P O W E R N E W T A O S 
M U S T L IO U IO A T E SU D * P U L L 
-P W H S » < K U L K B R A 

73 MONTE CARLO S26&o 
Like ntw! None nicer. Nut »*d 
414-4*** 
: 
It M O N T E C A R L O 
E x ce lle n t canali ion1 C L E A N 414-*1SS, atter 
I 4**o141 
_______________ 
I t M O N T E C A R L O L a n d a u , bucket seat*, air, lilt tle a rm g . cru ise , am l a , v in y l tap 
>7oo vaulty, take over am it ) l l- t * M or 
W M L _________ 
.. 

74 M O N T E C A R L O 
Like new, 411*4 4 » A S H i 
1-71 M o n t * C a rlo L a n d a u , a ir , ] p o w ar sta a rtn g b ro k e t, v in y l root, new lire*. >1444 baal ofter i i e M E I 
M U S T S E L L ! I I M a n ia A m m a p a v m a n t* or p a y att b a la n c e 
Atter 4. 1411444 
74 NO VA, 4 door. * cyl. eld >1444 
I 4 4 M M E i it N O V A , 4 dr., aute. V I, A M p m , air, A I, » > o let t l i l ______ 
I * * N O V A 4 d r. v s . a ir , low m ile a g e 
L e e k * r u n s Q u o i t 
I silts 117 4147 711 * 2*1 
1*7* N O V A H A T C H B A C K aul*, air. power Call; Dorm y Pa i larsan, m - l l l l 
_______ 
•71 N O V A H A T C H B A C K V-4, OU 
I amalic pawer Clean!! Eo»v tin ancad 
M ust sen 
M r 
Eonnelt m a n -------------------------------------- 
I It N O V A * l l ) 4 1 dr. lead ed 
( t i l l * eg 
W ok aly A ula Rentals 
711*1*1___________________________ haaOer*. 

'74 V E G A 1-doar. automatic, air, aelidf t A ss u m e p aym e n ts, and smoit botone * 
M r 
Bennett 
211-4*4* 
' 
VEGA™*'71,' I-dr. with trunk. aula. a ir, re d ia l tire s, la d y e w n e r. 
I*,444 M i 4*1 1 *1 *_______________ 
•71 Vega Excellent condition, now 
U diets, ss >o >11 1* o* 
It V E G A GT, hatchback *>oo mi air. radio. I seal Equity, assum e am t* New Braunfels *1> l l * * 
74 V E G A GT. su a e 
_____ M g * M I S4I1 
‘75 V e ga H atch air, tld. radio. 
• kceiienl SIBS > ♦ !* 1174________ _ 
•74 V ega H atchback Auto . air. d a n . S U K . SII-1178 
71 V E G A H A T C H B A C K 

75 C h r y s le r C e id o b a V S, a u ­ to m a tic. p a w e r, fa c t o r y a ir, cruise cenirel. lope deck, to to s e a t s 
O n e a w n e r 
V e r y lo w im it a t e 
It lic e n se L ik e new 
*4**S Will trad* *11 IS S I 

Radio healer, air. I speed, good condition, S lo w *17 S**4 
I i V E G A H a t c h b a c k 
G o a d sh ag * 
Air, am lm.4 sad , S/7* 
♦st n e *__________________________ 
1*71 Vega. law m ileage Excellent condition •>* *71* 

71 Nova M l VS I bbl m a g* S IM S S it 1*41_____________ I 
Y a k * over paym ents en it N eva 
Com 221 4**4 ask Far Dennis atter 
IA S 4 - 4 M I 
T o k # a v e r p a y m e n t s an *71 
C a m a re C a ll 172 o * * 4 a s k tor 
Dennis o n er 4 454 4321__________ 
'It Tow n* Caup* M am a, V-4, A C. aula. pawer steering, tilt wheel. 
A M F M stereo a n d c a s t O n ly 
4*44 ml 4S4-41S7 te st atter 

•74 V E G A W agon bv Chevrolet, real g a s saver Steelton! conal 

 m jjnm rn 

BOERNE MOTORS INC 
C H R Y S L E R S 
P L Y M O U T H S 
D O D G E and O M C P IC K U P S 
SIJ Ho M ain B ae rn * 74*1*44 
D IR E C T L IN E 
» * » ! > 

1*74 C H R Y S L E R C O R D O B A 
L o a d e d 
SSS!) m ile s 
N E W cu r 
W A R R A N T Y SSS/> OSS 4*41 

7i c h r y s l e r N e w p o r t c u s lorn All e x tra s in d lu d ts cru ise central. 
A M F M 
*1*oo firm 
»1A4*>* 

"It C H R Y S L E R N E W P O R T C u s tam 2 dear P a w e r, s t a r * * A s s u m * p a y m e n ts , a n d S 2 S S I. balance 
Cull 
M r 
Bennett 
122 4*44 
1*71 Chrysler * passenger wagon 
I owner t i l l s Fail power A M F M jg g k OO I U * atter I_____________ 
C H R Y S L E R P L Y M O U T H C IT Y 
1ooo HW LO O P 414 at Culebra 
_______ 
444 4*14 
^4 C H B Y S L B R Yaw it 4 C ounlry wagon toad lr an spar lotion *>»> 
14* 2474 
C O R D O B A i«7| Lim ited Edition load ed Law m iltaga Tap condi lion M ake otter 114 IQI* 

'75 CO R D O B A 
Powar, air, eat* 
Nice s it * * 
144->72/ 
_______________________ 

IS C O R D O B A Silver with blue velour inferior V ary clean Law mile age *>/ I* * * ______________ _ 

• '* C O R D O B A You nam e ill it s a * ' it ll A ssu m e p a ym e n ts end j t t h c g Call G U E R R A n j y e * , 
JACK R E IG E R p l y m o u t h 
H I * SA N P E D R O 
711-1211 

FROM SMITH CHEVROLET 

CHEVROLET 

Express-News— Fridoy, Morch 1 1 ,1 9 7 7 

73o-743 AUTONOMIES 
73o 743 MToMo1HE8 

7 7 SILVERADO PICK-UP DEMONSTRATOR 

35o V-8 engine, turbo hydromotic, heavy duty chassis, burns regular gas, air, power steering, 
4 g 
M 
M rally wheels, AM FM, Stereo radio, power win- 
o % o \ dows, power door locks, tool box, * 775261. 
* 

’77 BLAZER 
4oo V 8 engine, turbo hydromotic, power steering, power brakes, air, fuel tank shield plate, AM radio, on and off the road tires, buckskin custom vinyl bucket seats . . . * 775463. 

’77 BLAZER 

4 wheel drive, 4oo V S engine, Cheyenne equipment, air, turbo hydromotic, 31-gallon fuel tank, fuel tank skid plates, comfort tilt steering wheel, power steering, AM-FM, special 2-tone paint, mahogany and frost white, red custom vinyl interior, ond more 
*7 7 5 3 5 5. 

77 SILVERADO 
Air, burns regular gas, short wheel base, heavy­ duty chassis, 35o V-8, turbo hydromotic, power steering, AM radio . . . * 775 I 4o. 
Air conditioned, automatic, Mikado custom interior, white wall tires, rear step bumper, white . . . 
* 
65473. 
*4925 
77 CHEYENNE 
3o5 V-8 engine, turbo hydramatic, air, power steering, power brakes, AM radio . . . * 775239 

77 SILVERADO 3/4 TON 
454 engine, V-8, turbo hydramatic, air, locking dif­ ferential, power steering, heavy-duty power brakes, auxiliary tanks, AM / FM 
. * 775o31 

77 SCOTTSDALE 
35o V-8 engine, 4-speed stick shift, air, power steering, heavy-duty power brakes, auxiliary tanks, 
AM radio, camper special . . . * 7753o4 
’77 EL CAMINO CLASSIC 
Tinted gloss, body side moldings, door edge guards, air conditioning, sport mirrors, 3o5, 2 barrel V-8, turbo hydramatic, tilt steering wheel, power steering, steel-belted radial white stripe tires, selectee dock, AM radio, front bumper guards, rally wheels, buckskin vinyl roof cover buckskin metallic ex­ terior, buckskin vinyl interior *775482. 
^---- — 

’77 SUBURBAN VS TON 
Silverado equipment, front ond rear air, cruise control, 35o V-8 engine, durbo Hydramatic, 31-gallon fuel tanks, AM FM push button radio, IR78X15 steel belted radial tires, Special 2-tone paint, trailering special equipment, russet metallic, Santa Fe tan, buckskin vinyl in­ terior, *775476 

77 CHEVROLET SPORT SPECIAL EDITION 
Heavy-duty chassis, burns regular gas, 35o V-8 engine, turbo hydramatic, air, auxiliary fuel tanks, power steering, style wheels, power widows and door locks, L7o x I 5 tires, solid black . . . 
*7 7 2 o 7 . 

1977 SCOTTSDALE 

FLEETSIDE — Vi ton Scottsdale IW B , tinted glass, air, heavy duty shock absorbers, front stabilizer, heavy duty rear springs, power brakes, 3o5 V8, turbo hydramatic, power steering, wheel covers, 
AM radio, whitewall tires, conventional two-tone paint, gauges, Colonial yellow and frost white, buckskin custom vinyl seats . . . * 7752 I 6. 

’77 CARGO VAN 
35o V-8 engine, turbo hydramatic, power brakes, power steering, air, steel belted tires, special two-tone paint. . . * 7754o4 

’77 VA N Vi TON 
SW B, body glass, below eye level mirrors, heavy duty front & rear springs, power brakes, 25o 6 cylinder engine, 3 speed transmission, guages, custom interior, radio. *7 7 5 2 o 9. 

’76 LUV TRUCK 
Brand new automatic, AM radio, rear step bumper, side pipes, E7o x 14, steel spoke wheels, custom trick paint . . . 
* 6 5 5 3 7 . 

’76 LUV TRUCK 
Air, automatic transmission, white stripe tires, AM radio, chrome bumper guards, rear step bumper, exterior decor package. Mikado custom interior, sky blue exterior, blue cloth interior. *6 5 6 7 o . List Price $4893.35. 
YOUR PRICE *44oo 

’77 N O V A COUPE 
2-door, tinted gloss, bodysside moldings, cir con­ ditioning, power brokes, 3o5 V-8, turbo hydromotic * transmission, power steering, white stripe tires, 5 windshield antenna, roily wheels.. .*77o263 
’77 N O V A COUPE 
2-door, tinted gloss, body side moldings, air con­ ditioning, power brokes, 3o5 V-8, turbo hydromotic * transmission, power steering, full wheel covers, a white stripe tires, AM rodio ... * 77o43o. 
’77 N O V A COUPE 
2-door, tinted gloss, body side moldings, air con­ ditioning, power brokes, 3o5 V-8, turbo hydromotic w transmission, power steering, full wheel covers, J white stripe tires, AM radio ... *77o273. 

’77 N O V A SEDAN 
4 door, tinted gloss, 25o enaine, three-speed transmission, power steering, full wheel covers, white stripe fires, windshield antenna, heavy-duty rodiotor . *77o462 
’77 N O V A SEDAN 
4 door, tinted gloss, body side moldings, air conditioning, power brakes, 3o5 V-8, turbo hydramatic transmission, power steering, full wheel covers, white stripe tires, AM rodio 
*77o666 
’77 N O V A SEDAN 
4 door, tinted gloss, four season air conditioning, power brokes, 3o5 V S. turbo hydromotic transmission, power steering, full wheel covers, white stripe tires, AM radio, in­ terior decor package, exterior decor package ... * 17o815. 

4 dot* limed glow body side molding* on conditioning, pow ti biomes 
?So engine, to*bo hyde onto t transmission, power 

 steering, lull wheel covers, radial white stripe ma, windshield an tenner evertor decor pockagt, vinyl interior 
# 7/o164 
*477o 

77 CHEVELLE MALIBU SEDAN 
*46oo 

4 door, tinted glass, on conditioning power brokes, SOS V I. turbo hydramatic transmission, power steering, full wheel covers radial white stripe tires AM radio, buckskin metallic, vinyl in tenor 
*77o739 
*485o 

77 IMPALA SEDAN 
4 door rotor keyed seat baits, tinted glass. Hoar mats roof dup moldings body side moldings, door edge guards, on conditioning remote mirror, MS V I. turbo bydtomotic transmission full wheel covers, radio) white stripe tires AM iodic 
# 77o9?) 
’77 MONTE CARLO COUPE 

2-door, tinted ghm, air conditioning, 
3o5 
V 8, turbo 

 hydramatic transmission, radial white stripe tires windshield 

 antenna, electric clock, power steering, power brokes, wheel 

 covers.. *77o791 
'77 MONTE CARLO COUPE 

7-door. tinted glass, air conditioning, 
3o5 
V-8, turbo 

 hydramatic transmission, radial white stupe tires, windshield 

 antenna, electric clock, power steering, power brakes, wheel 

 covers vinyl interior... * 77o793 
’77 MONTE CARLO COUPE 

2 door, tinted gloss, deluxe body moldings, oir conditioning, 

 sport mirrors, 3o5 V-8, turbo hydromotic transmission, radial 

 white stripe tires, windshield antenna, electric dock, rally 

 wheels, power steering, power brokes... * 77o75o 

’77 CAMARO SPORT COUPE 

? daw. Itnled gloss, roof drip moldings, spoil mirrors, console, power brokes, 
TM, 
6 cylinder engine, turbo hydrolytic 
# M M 4 
•ronsmcssMn. while stripe tries, windshield antenna, heavy duly 
U 
" lodioior rody wheels vinyl bucket seats 
#77o943 
^ 9 9 o 
•77 CAMARO SPORT COUPE 

? door soli 'ay limed glass, roof drip moldings, four season on conditioning, sport moron, console, power brokes, TSO 6 cylmd or engine, turbo hydraulic transmission white stripe rues, 
# ■» windshield antenna, rally wheels, wiver, vinyl bucket souls 
* S l l I 
# 7/o94? 
o o 9 o ' 
’77 CAMARO “ LT” COUPE 

Imled glass, body side meld mf*, aw conditioned console, pawer brakes 1o$ lf-I turbo hydromotic stowaway spore me, radial f white stripe tires, windshield antenna style trim gioup vinyl 
* ^ 
^ bucket seats #77o766 
O o O o 

77 IMPALA SEDAN 

4 dear tinted gloss, roof dup moldings, an conditioned remote miner 3So 4 M I engine turbo hydromotic, Itll sleeting wheel, iadia> while stripe toes, windshield antenna value appearance 
(coup. #77o991 

77 IMPALA SEDAN 

4 door color keyed seal belts, timed gloss Hoer mots. roof drip moldings door edge guards o n conditioning, remote mirror 

 nurse master speed control, 3So 4 borrel, V 8 turbo hydramatic transmission tilt steering wheel, ladtel white stripe tnt windshield antenna. Value Appearance Group 
« 77o877 
*549o 

CONVENIENTLY DOWNTOWN: 

AUTOMOBILE SHOWROOMS— 1221 BROADWAY 

ENCLOSED TRUCK M A L L -1 1 2 1 BROADWAY 

223-4281 

OPEN UNTIL 9 P.M. 

OUK TO SMITH'S MATURE 
PRICING 
POLICY, 
ALL 

PRICES 
INCLUDE 
DESTI­ 
NATION 
CHARGE 
AND 

DEALER PREPARATION. 

Tenth Page 
Express-News— Friday, March I 1, 1977 
73O-7U-AUTOMoBILES 
73o743 AUTOMOBILES 
73o-743-AIIToMoBIIES 
73o-743 - AUTOMOBILES 
73o-743 AUTOMOBILES 
7 JO-743 ■ 
IffiMMMS 

73o-743 - MITOMOBILfS 
73o-743 AUTOMOBILES 
73o-743-IMnOMOBmS 
73o743 4PoMo6IUS 

OLDEST 
PONTI AC-GMC 
DEALER IN 
SAN ANTONIO 

Loaded Firebird 
Monthly Payment 

#6 6 2 . $5695 
Only * 1 4 o . 6 8 * 

 loaded Grand Prix 
Montly Payment 
# / 5 7 . . 
$5658 
Only * 1 3 9 . 6 7 * 
SALE 
PRICES 
O N* 
EVERYTHING 
IN STOCK!! 
6 DAYS ONLY 

BRING THIS 
AD AND BUY 
AT 4 PER CENT 
OVER DEALERS 

^ 
O 
S 
T 

 loaded Ventura 
Hatchback #2o2 
Monthly Payment 

Sunbird 
(ne air) #1416 
13745 
Monthly Payment 

Only ‘8 9 . 2 2 * 

Leaded Astre 2-door coupe, standard 
#356 
13795 
TINDALL AN D SO N 
PONTIAC-GMC 
76GMcPickup, loaded, 
NIGHT UNTIL 
3 9 o o S A N P E D R O power A air 
Monthly Payment 
7 3 6 - 1 5 6 5 
#717 .15o95 
Only * 1 2 4 . 4 3 * 
8 P . M . 

'Above monthly payments based on down payments of 15oo cash or trade plus ta*, title and license with approved credit. To get deferred payment price, multiply 48 times payment shown. Annual percentage rate is ll3.51. 

Monthly Payment 

Only * 8 9 .2 2 * 
OPEN EVERY 
NIGHT UNTIL 
8 P.M. 

*7oo 

COMBINATION FACTORY-DEALER 
REBATE 

O N EVERY NEW 1976 
OPEL 

LIMITED OFFER 
OPEN ’TIL 8 P.M. 

735 CHRYSLER 

 n N E W Y O R K E R B ro u g h a m 
Su p e r loaded, in c lu d e s pow er, sunroof In w arranty No reason­ able otter refused 6S3-42S4 eves, w e e k e n d s _________________ 
P R IV A T E P A R T Y has I car too m any! *72 C hrysler New Yorker- 
7 3 D a rt Sp ort- *73 Com et- A ll loaded, all perfect T ake y o u r choice tor S23TV 696-7344_________ 

NORTH STAR DODGE PRESENTS 
NEW 1977 DODGE CHARGER S.E. 
2 DOOR 

736 DOOSE eee 
’73 CHALLENGER 
2-DOOR T R O P IC A L L IM E green 
Forest Green Vinyl roof. V-4, au ­ tomatic, pow er steering, pow er 
B ra k e s, bucket seats. C o n so le , and new White Side W ail Tires, 
A ir 
224-6956 

• O O 

£ 
B U I C K C O 
45oo SAN PEDRO 

7 
3 
4 
- 
4 
2 
2 
1 

*7o Challenger, 4 cyl.. 3 sod , runs groat! S7»s. 344-o443_____________ 
Ti Charger, excellent condition. 
453-4211 Of 828 8*o3______________ 
72 C harger Rally 2 dr. 34o V * 4 bbl, air, auto., etc $17oo. 653 21o1 
76 C h a rg e r Sp ort 318, VS, a ir pump, uses reg. g a s I Auto., air, pow er, cru ise , A M - F M . U n d e r 
W arranty. S4I9S 341 8798________ 
74 Coll W agon, auto., air, 21-24 m p g , $2485. A s k to r M r . C o r- 
452-2597, 824-8919 494 3332 
*75 D art Sport. V8, re g u la r gas. 
5329o <96-4545.___________________ 
1973 D od ge C h a rg e r E x c e lle n t cond ma n 
524oo ar best otter 
492-222T__________________________ 
*71 D O D G E C H A R G E R 
SIS, aute , power. 51o5o or boot 
Otter 473-7589; 471 2722.__________ 
‘7* Dodge Colt Carousel V e ry low a id e s, lo a d e d 53495. 734-4333 before 5; otter 5: 826-3449_______ 
*72 D o d ge Colt C e u o e re a l g a s s a v e r 4 CVI, 3o M P G 51295 
922-3o54. Oft 333-6o1o ext. 375 

VI, Automatic, Power Steering, Power Brakes, 
AM-FM, Air Conditioned, Vinyl Boat, 6o/4o 
Soots, GR 78 X 15 Steel Betted Radials, Many other options. #3417. 
UST PRICE $68o8.3o 
SALE 
PRICE:*5897 

NORTH STAR DODGE 

YOU’LL FIND IT HERE! 
77 GRAND FURY 
4-DOOR 
SEDAN 

Automatic, air conditioned, power steering and brak-s, automatic speed control, stereo and m any other extras. 
#71o8. 
T M W D E M O 
O N A P IC IA L 

* 5 8 9 6 

58oo SAN PEDRO 
732-8211 

 tw o W U * ^ J h o t J ~ L Built 
JACK RIEGER 
C H O V S L E R -P L V M O U T H 

' 7 7 a f r o n t 
SALE 
• SOFT RAY GLASS 
EXPIRES 
• 3o1 V8 ENGINE 
M AR. 19 
‘.9 AUTOMATIC TRANSMISSION 
o FACTORY AIR CONDITIONING 
o RALLYE ll WHEELS 
J 7 ~ 
9 AM/FM STEREO 
* 
• BODY SIDE MOLDINGS 
9 SPORT MIRRORS-REMOTE CONTROL 
9 POWER STEERING AND BRAKES 
o WHITEWALL S rEEL BELTED TIRES 
9 TILT WHEEL 
o CUSTOM BELTS 

★SUPERIORAPONTIACit 
711 BROADW AY 
227-5o41 

FREE 1977 LICENSE PLATE. 

7o CAMARO, Automatic, on 

74 TOYOTA (elka, automatic, a ir ......................... *2 6 8 8 
76 Vo1ARE, automatic, ail, power steering, power windows....*4288 
74 TORINO, ? door, automatic, oir, power steering........... •26 88 
73 GRANO PRIX, fully looded .................... ‘2 7 8 8 

75 GRAND PRIX, all power and oir, 
AM IM .................... ‘4 7 7 5 

68 FAICON 2-door, automatic, oir, 

 extra nice. Coll Manuel. 

75 ITO 2-door, londou, automatic! oir, power steering, power brokes, vinyl top, AM TM, power windows................ ‘4 2 8 5 

76 TORINO 7-door, 13,ooo miles. A 
Starsky and Hutch cor 
*4 9 5 o 

7 6 COUGAR XR 7, automatic, air, power steering, brakes, 
AM FM 
...................* 4 9 5 o 
O P E N S U N D A Y 
NORTH CENTRAL FORD 
9 8 o o S A N P E D R O 
341 -5 5 7 1 EXT. 3 o o 

737 FtJRD 
737 FORD 

7 2 4 2 SA N PED RO 
3 4 1 -2 2 5 1 
737 FORD 
737 FORD 
V 
BANK REPOSSESSIONS 
A V A IL A B L E 
I 
I V A r A B R I T H 
— 

C lassic '7o T Bird, 4 door, loaded, excellent condition, A M -F M ster­ eo, overhauled engine. I owner. 
52ooo F IR M . 826-3284 atter 6 pm 
*72 C ountry Sq u ire W agon. Call 
922 7oo1, 633-o522.________________ 
'72 C O U N T R Y S Q U IR E W A G O N 
E x t ra seats. F u ll pow er. V e ry clean. You need? Than I need too. 
Call Ron 222 o986_________________ 
‘7o C u sto m SOO, a u to , p o w e r steering, air, 5495. 658-3447 
76 E L IT E A M -F M S T E R E O 
L IK E N E W ! Call: Steve 681 3692 

•7o Ford G alax ie $oo, auto., air, 
P B P S $695 or best offer, 432 5553 
•72 F o rd G a la x ie 
^oo 
4-door, power steering, b ra ke s A utom a­ tic, air. 4oo V-8. $1375, 653 442o 
72 F o rd G a lax ie , n e e d s w ork, 
51ooo nearest otter, 341-2766 oft 7 
76 F o rd G ra n a d a . Black, 4 dr , bucket seats, auto., air. Power, 6 cyl., 2,ooo m iles $4495 822 9485. 
'73 FO ttD G ran Torino Sport, au to. air, power, 6o,ooo mi. Consider trade. 661-4511; *84-5764 eves 

736 DODGE 
736 DODGE 

‘68 D O D G E C o ro n e t-B v ow ner. 
R u n n in g con d ition, auto, floor shift. 318 cu.in., air shocks 53oo. or best otter 225 7411 Ext. 113 
68 G O O G E C O R O N E T , V-8, load ed, 48,oo ml. O riginal owner. 585o. 
R ic h a rd W eber, 534-5445 d a y s; 
432 6616 nights 

‘73 D od ge C oronet C ustom 318 
VS, power, 4-dr. Sedan. V inyl roof, air, excellent m echanical cond 
*58-9o72. 

736 MOGE 

'65 Dodge 6 c y l , standard, good cand 734-8519; 226-21oo 
'65 D o d ge D a rt 4-dr 6cyl. 
Ru n s good 5285 655 5255 
Std., 

68 D O D G E C O R O N E T 
Auto, oir, $475 226-o291 
56 Dodge Coronet; *5 Ford F a st­ back, 289, 494-6911. 494-3164 

D O D G E D E M O N 1971, S L A N T 4, 
ST O R E A L E C O N O M Y E X C E L 
L E N T C O N D . E X C E P T S E A T 
C O V E R S . 588o C A SH , W IT H N E W 
T A G S 3S1S C U L E B R A 

‘73 Dodge 9 Pass. Waaon. E x ce l­ lent inside and out. Reasonable 
Owner 494-426S._________________ 
D O D G E W A G O N 1949. G O O D 
M O T O R , G O O D B O D Y . B U T 
P A IN T F A D E D . S A C R I F I C E 
56oo C A SH 435-1*41______________ 

74 DUSTER 81895 
R e d a n d w h ile 
A ir , b u c k e ts, power. Auto. 34,ooo mi. 435-1641 

A V A IL A B L E 
Take up paym ents with qualified credit Applications accepted bv phone No application refused 
M R 
E A R L _______________227-1415 

BIG COUNTRY FORD 
Son Antonio________Coll 
227-o86o 
B v owner, '73 Ford G alaxie 5oo, air, power steering- brakes, very clean, 51975 342 778o_____________ 
B v O w n e r. ‘73 T o rin o . 51995. 
681-34oo otter 5 w eekdays________ 
74 C A P R IC E C la ssic Excellent 
I cond. I Owner, extras. 53195. Call 
I Laura, 925-8474, 733-8174 

'76 FORD LTD 
Station Wagon 

 conditioning 

 luggage Rod! 
O n e o w n e r. 
*4625 
Call Joel Murray 
824-7311 Days 
^ 
349-1962 (vanings 

'7o Foirlane W agon 589o 
Auto, sm a ll engine. L o o k s and runs tip top 828-6959_____________ 
‘68 Falcon 2-door, auto air. E xtra nice Coil Monuel. 341-9433 
•74 F O R D E L IT E loaded. 5395o 226-o291 
‘75 Ford Elite. Perfect condition 
A M -F M , new tires. Speed control. 
49o-8554 atter 4 wk d o r s. anytim e wk ends.__________________________ 
‘46 F o rd Fdirtone, 4 dr, 289 e n ­ gine, new auto Ir o n s 6o m a g wheels. good student car, 
658 34o2_________________________ 

‘69 F O R D oa ia xie 5oo, auto, air, pow er steering, new tires, good cond. $75o. 453-2156 eves. 

76 F O R D L T D . 2-door 
W hite, 
Londou root, 54,ooo. 3 49 -2481^^^ 
'75 Ford L T D 4-door, vinyl roof, e xce lle n t con d $2795. 342-o113 eves., weekend* 
76 Ford L T D Lan dau 16,ooo mi., lood ed 
E x ir a clean. 826-8o86; after 5: 656-3583 
197o F o rd L T D Station w agon, loaded, com plete SUSQ 696 o771 
7$ F O R D Pinto R unabout lood ed W ill help fin a n ce , colt M r. 
G aria, 433-1468 
F o rd Torino, 197o. VS 3o2, std 
Atter 5: 227 384o 
72 fc A L A X IE ~ 5oi to k e up p'm tT w ith s m a ll e q u ity . O r 51295. 
675 o347 or 674-8o4o 
'69 G alaxy SOO N eeds som e motor work. $27o. 434-o819. 

C A VENDER’S 
“ SPECIALS” 

’ 7 9 ( A D R Thunderbird Coupe, factory air, all ( a x n e 
I O r U K U power and extras, ready ta go............. 
IT O A i n e Toro node custom coupe, factory air, ell i n a n e 
7 3 O L D S power and extras, special.................. A C T J 
’73 BUICK 
‘2495 
'76 CHEVY ^ 
. *5495 
»■»*» A l A C 
M Holiday sedan, factory air, all m i n r 
73 OLDS power and extras, vinyl tap, cle a n ....... 

» 7 A n n n r t catw o od 3 soot wagon, factory air, , . Q Q e 
7 o D O U G ! ad power and extras. 12,ooo miles ... '4 8 9 5 

7 5 b u i c k r r 
. * 4 2 9 5 i j * a i A r Cutlass Supreme ceupe, factory air, ad j e . y x 
/ o ULU) power ana extras, stereo, cruise, mags 

 i y r A i n t Cutlass Supreme caupo, factory air, all 
54 O O C 
/ 5 U L U S pawer and extras, spacial.................. 
4 Z Y 3 

• 7 6 o l d s 2 r u ln s r a 
. t t . i 2 
. r , : . ‘ 3 9 9 5 

'76 CHRYSLER££££;. 
Si,.- . 
’5795 i y r C U E 1 I Malibu flossie station wagon, factory 
7 5 C H E V «ir, oH power and extras- TTT? 
*3695 
IW X 
Contam Cruiser station wagon, factory 
7 4 O L D S air, all power and extras, roof rack 
3 7 9 5 
75 FORD £ ! r A ^ « . ~ ^ a ha" ’,‘4295 
’76 OLDS 
T **:• ".'T '4995 

12,ooo MILE OR 12 MONTH MOTORS INSURANCE CORR. 
MECHANICAL INSURANCE AVAILABLE ON MANY Of OUR 
74 OR NEWER MODELS. 

“ C O N F ID E N C E IS C A V E N D E R ” 
Cavender Oldsmobile Co. 

1 o o 1 B r o a d w a y • 226-7SC7 • * 2 6 - 8 7 7 2 

SPRIN G 
BONANZA USED 
TRUCK SALE 
TRUCKS VANS 

LET MR. GooDWRENCH ALIGN 
YOUR CAR’S FRONT END 

FRONT END 
ALIGNMENT 

SPECIAL OF TNE W EEK 

J 
I p i f r / % a H a t c h b a c k V in y l ro o f, 4 - t p e a d , air, $ 1 A 
A f 
75 VEGA stock #pi 54 ................... I # ? ) 

 w | P A n i t automatic, air conditioned, power steering, $ 4 4 f t if 
J 9 r U K U stock #863 IA ........................................... 
• W 
T g 

>6.95 

CHEVROLET CARS OHLY 

OFFER EXPIRES MARCH 31 

75 DATSUN .lock *#7 76oA 
... 
*3295 

L-6 
Engine, wheel covers, whitewalls, window antenna, exterior decor package, tinted glass. Stk. 15o6 and 1527. 

I W K r U r U a < ) l E T C h e Yenne Pickup autom atic, air t m W 
I E V K U L B I conditioned, power steering, stock ’4495 
#8838A 
75 CHEVROLET standard, stock #P9 

TUNE-UP 
SPECIAL 

7 4 C H I V Y 
Van ton Pickup, V8, standard, stock #P11 .. 
4195. 

(plus ta x, titlo, license) 

 tat rn P f t n f t ft Fen Pickup, VS rn ■§ T W N l r standard, stock #IO 19A 

*75 CHEVY 
V a n 
H ton 
V - 8 s ta n d a rd , air, 
• lo c k o I 3 8 4 A 
................... 

’3695 
*3495 
*3o95 
$4595 

Replace points, plugs, set timing and adjust carburetor, GM cars only. Reg. $39.95 

NOW 
ONLY ’29.95 

'WM P U E U D A I C T El Comme Super Spelt automatic, rn G W I E W K W E E I ait conditioned, pow*/ steering, $ 4 I A E stock # I 347 A .......................... 
MW HR 

OFFER EXPIRES MARCH 31 

74 EL CAMINO 
V8, autom atic, air co nditio n power steering, stock #1249A 
*3895 

Tinted Glass, 1.6 Litre engine, 
Cigarette lighter, 
A M radio. 
Wheel trim rings, 
TURBO 
HYDRAMATIC 
T R A N SM IS­ 
SION. Stk. 
15o1 
& 
1496. 
’3595. 

75 CHEVROLET standard, stock #1272A 
I W S 
, 
4 
3 
9 
5 

I ’76 CHEVY 
• D . o 9 . l w 
# ., t o n d a r d : 
$4695 

' f BL f U C U D A I R f Cheyenne ‘r-ton IWB, VS automat- $ C *9 A C t m VITE WK VLK I ic, air conditioned, stock #P?6 ...... dr ID 
E P G 

28 M P G City 

42 M P G H w y 
It CHEVROLET 
Scotsdale ‘r-ton IWB, VS, automat­ ic, air conditioned, stock #P27 ..... *5395 

1977 CORVETTES 
IN STOCK 
IMMEDIATE DELIVERY 

73 CHEVROLET Sa.W m tr*'* “ 
” 
" d ' *2795 

*4195 
74 FORD 
Van customized, standard air conditioned, stock #1439A 
19o1 Broadw ay 

UNDERCOAT 
SPECIAL 
*21.95 

For all Mini Cars 
Other Cars slightly higher 

OFFER EXPIRES MARCH 31 

 r n 
A N C IR A W IN T O N « > 
BUY,RENT 
OR LEASE 

19o1 
BROADWAY 
2 2 4 -5 5 1 6 

N. FLORES AT 
MARTIN 
2 2 5 -5 3 3 3 

O M E L E T S W * rt ’ H I H k l ^ u R l 
> C > U 6 8 1 
O 'O O 
^ T o d a y’s Best Offers 
JW 
- it 
~ 
J w 
/ 
/ 
/ r 

SERVICE what it’s all about 

5o N .E. L O O P 4 1 o it B ro a d w a y Ex it 
8 2 4 -o 4 1 1 
* ^ 

7242 SAN PEDRO 

B i w w 
S p 

P X d * 
SI LINES 9 
IO DAYS I s l 
2 9 5 - 1 o 6 6 
QUICK 
RE 

NON COMMERCIAL! 

RATS CHANGE 

Eleventh Page 

MB TRUCKS I COMMERCIAL 

Express-News— Fridoy. March I I, 

1*1 
746 - TRUCKS I COMMERCIAL 
TRAILERS. RUSES 
OMC 
PRICE BUSTING 
SALE 

That’s right! At Gunn you save on new 
1977 models! Every car in our inventory has special discounts for a limited time only. Bring your present car in for an ap­ praisal, look around, w e ’ve got what you want at G U N N O LD S M O B IL E AT A PRICE 
Y O U C A N AFFO RD . 

RANCHERS! WRECKERS! WELDERS! 
I Ton Dual Wheel Cab and Chassis Now As Low as 

PLENTY OF 
Vt TON PICKUPS ALSO IN STOCK 

A GOOD TRUCKING DEAL! 
TINDALL & SON PONTIAC-GMC 
39oo SAN PEDRO 
736-1 561 
A COUPE 
W 
E uT t e r a. oTrnfovTTTtTTTg I 

John 71*419) 
I 
74 Dutton auto. air, power, vinyl I top, new tires, enc cond, 514oo 
Atter 5 JO, o74-7o44, Peewee 
>8 B U 'S V E in cvI , >td excellent 
HOSP. 333-6314 

 t i D u $t e ft Good m echanrcal condition S IAoo-4S3-1171 i m " g OT Y ? 5 ~ i U '. low mi i i . i t i 
913 6766,971-9911. 
1‘ 
73 Gold Duster 
Sit SO or best offer 458 o547. 
< r iT L Y M b 'u T H C U d X - fiower. auto., a ir, v in y l top. B u ck e ts, 1 console. AM-PM taoedeck, roily 1 wheels 
Excellent cond. 
52995. 
*55 3955___________________________ 

'44 P LT M O U I M l-URT III 
“ 
Mechanics special 822-7454 
At P L Y M d lJT M sotellie wagon'. 
318, VO outo. air 473-4447 eves. 
■4v Plymouth Sotelite, 318 cu In engine New tires. Good cond 
$795 453 3884______________________ 
‘44 Plymouth Satellite 2-dr, good engine, needs body work 
HOO 
Coll 
1**3 
| 
I 44 plymouth Satellite 2 dr bord 
I top. VB. power, air. 
I owner 
454o4o4 j 
I 1975 Plym outh station wagon. 4 
] oassenger 
Air. power. Ail the 
“goodies'' 
R e ta il p ric e 53495) must sell 5259$. Call anytime 
734-4133 j 
1 45 Plymouth Valiant 4 standard 
5495 or best otter 453 7o97 
H t» L Y ^ 6 u tM Uoliont, A cyl ou i lo, p o w e r- a ir, A M -P M ra d io 
I 538,ooo miles. 
One owner 
I 828 45o7 
I 

P L Y M O U T H , ‘75. S2995. 

| Valiant custom, auto. v8, low ml j super condition Musi sen 494-73o8 
” plymouth Wagon J ie a f' au to., power, air, AM -FM 
$1995 
I 22o-2745; 824 7443. 
; iO hlym euth Wagon Motor ex cellent roaddion 54oo 432 o925 

The Oldsm obile O m ega offers outstanding luxury in a medium size autom obile with perform ance and handl­ ing rivaling a sports car. You will find a selection of 
Om egas on sale now at Gunn with this exam ple being typical of the values you’ll find. 
SALE PRICE it V6 Engine it Hydromatic Trans- £ 
M 
M B F 
M 

 mission ★ Air Conditioning ★ P o w er ^ 
WW rn 
WW 
B I 

Steering 
Ar Power 
Disc 
Brakes rn 

★ Pushbutton 
Radio it Deluxe m 

L 
W heel Covers ★ W hite Sidew all 
........ 

A 
Tires it Tinted 
Glass 

H K 
* Carpeting 
— 
A N D 
— 

Y O U R C H O IC E of 

| | | | | ! ^ ^ c o r v in y l in te r io r 
I W 
I 
* I 
. I 

•74 FO RD OOOO T IM B S VAN, 
499-18o4 
' 
48 F o rd p ick u p 
N ew m otor, paint Chrome wheels. Must sell! 
StQSO firm 824-5o47 aft S. 
‘71 Ford Pickup Slier! bed. 81|oi), 
494-5811 nights or Sundays________ s? f 6 r d "Ptrhup Excellent con­ dition 59oo 484 7 7 3 2 ___________ 
74 Fo rd p ick u p w ith co m o er shell Auto . call: 458-5441. 
AR FO RD R A N G E R with camper. call 341-3933 
__________ 
197$ Fo rd R on g 4 r, a ir. pow er steering, brokes 4 speed, new tires, radio. 1-379-4414 (Seguin ) 
Atter 7 
I '49 Ford Banger. VB stand , over- drive, L W B . extra clean $155o cosh 924-5438 
54 FO RD short bed, 352, no rust or dents 545o »5*-i?98 
7i Ford Stepslde pickup, s W b a, stondord 51395 494 *459___________ 
1974 FO RD iu'per Van. V8, power steering, air, good shape! 5185o 
I 349-8878 atter A pm, t m M h o * . JA W ------- 
P ick u p S W B 
Blu e. A c y lin d e r standard. Radio 
.............. 
52495 
TOM BEN SO N IM PO R T S 
194oo SAN P E D R O 
341 IJS * 
71 f 6 r d i TdN 
Pickup. L W B W hite, V-8, stan­ dard Radio 
..................... 
52495 
TOM B EN SO N IM PO R T S 
; 94oo SAN P E D R O 
341 )354 
‘7f~FORO >« ton Pickup, rodio, 
[hooter, air, camper. 
225-4714, 
1457-1o92 
: 7 T'T '6 B B ' ’ ) Yon' E I c'k u T 
Y p oTI 
I Custom. 3o2 VB, Stondord camper 
! 51995. Must see to appreciate, will 
I >a** trode 455-5o77 i ‘74 Ford 1 Vton pickup Auto., air, ioux. fuel tanks, cam per cover 
1532oo 498 1149 
7$ F O R b 7, Ton Ranger A LT, VB. 
(auto air, low mi. $385o. call Jim , 
; 441-4511 i ' 74 Ford I ton, short-bod, loaded, loir, PB , PS. oft road tlres-wheels. roll bar and night lights, must sell, latter 5pm and all day weekend. call 494-5144. 
I 74’ r e t f K 'T . |on. V sp e e 'JT ^TT 
578oo Call Jim , 441-4511 
! Y I’ F 6 R 'f t L ' »on 4 speed. m S T icon Jim . 441-4511 
I 
T T F o W B T T t S r J i------ 
4 speed, 81498 Coll 4*1 4811 
; 
FO RD 44 t w In S c fc s w 
I With Detrott 471 engine. IO speed 
I transmission 455-21o1 
45) 4228 
‘44 Ford Van, auto, a cyl. good 
(tires, 8445, 513 3855 
['74 f 6 * 6 VAN E IOO V S ,"a'Ute: lair, stereo, power 8445o 481-1o45. 
. 74 F b R b ^ A H l. b ood T .rfe 
{M a c h in e "! 17,ooo m iles 84488 
F in a n c e no p roblem . C oll M r 
1 Bennett 777 o984 
. •yj’E M B v I N I i possengerT'ou* itomotic, clr, must see) WHI tln- 
I 

 j pnce Coll Woody, 433 1444 i 49 F O R S Von ’ i ion, * cylinder with few extras. Ceti otter I IO. 

I 73J-8J84. 
I 

H I Ford Van Y I. aute rodiois. bed carpeted, paneled Stereo 
SHOO 494-7*o8 

| ‘7 rf?o r< riW 6 oufo power, vefy 
_ I eleon HO 4185 otter 7 444 OJO! 
I 44 Ford Window Van N2 auto, 
■ la ir 
Carpet, paneled, built ins. 
I i Clean SH K . o24-1344_____________ 
I ' 74 Ford X L Y H ilO , Urger tab, 
I 

 loaded 84.7oo e ll 4443 
I — 
74 a u f i m n m i i a a — 

Cleon, below book 422 4442 
M l l e' rro. V I o u lo T o lT. short wide bed. chrome wheels. 
I 

{bucket seats, dual pipes 
1275o. 
418-9774 

! ’/i G ^ C STe'rro U6 W . U' lo'n. 
L W B Aute . disc brokes, power j steering, radio, olr, search light. 
■ {N ew cam per 
2 new mud tires 
11812oo 221-254? 
I 
77 G M f li on dual wheel bi'cT uT 
■ still in W arranty 845oo call Jim 
— I 441-4511 
I 
IT Z W 
H ’: ion pickup' T IT * '.? 
■ Standard 54»s *54 1ooo 
_____ 
W 197j CMC « w ST e T T n T r sTuTri 
■ wheel base. AM F M stereo tape 
■ 

'd e c k , mud tire s , w hite spoke 
I rims 49o-2o14______________ _ 

ARE YOU IN ONE OF 
THESE BUSINESSES? 

Toke over payments on 7j Pon­ tiac 1-door Ventura. No equity 
Call: 824-o918 ask for Fred, after 
7 : 922-7757 
TR A b t evon' T i"Ponti ac G f 5~. has 54,ooo original ml. I Owner, tor *71 thru '71 Chevy or Ford von, 
9o4 Britton Ave. 922-4441. after 
3Pm weekdays, oil day weekends 
T i Trans Am Ex ce lle n t cond!- lion, loaded 144 9454 

T a THA'N V A W .' ispeed:---- 
Before I p.m. 412-5512 
'IS tro n s-A m , T-lb 4 sp . k - t, 
AM F M stereo tope, C B. excel cond 24,ooo mi 5425o, 735-4321. l l V e n tu ra i spd slick , new 
Hires. AM FM , clean. 222-1323 or 
414-1512____________________________ 

* Plumbing and hooting 

A Electrical contracting 

A Gas and general service 

TV Repair 

Appliance service 

Air conditioning 

THEN WE HAVE 
THE VAN FOR YOU! 

- a 
- 
1 9 7 7 D O D G E 

B - 1 o o 

T R A D E S M A N 

^ 
~ 
"i 
V A N 

T R ADEW INDS Auto Sales 

OWE F IN A N C E * 

3oo3 SW M IL IT A R Y 
922 27o3 
W E B U Y S E L L 
U S E D C A RS AND T R U C K S 

K I N N E Y M O T O R S 

3428 BR O A D W A Y________ 828 2213 
Yes, Hertz Sells 
Late Model Used 
Cars From Our 
Rental Float 
NEW '77 DODGE 
CHARGER 
SALE 
$&AA< 
PRICED 
o 
U 
U 

Must sell ‘74 PIN TO R U N A BO U T . auto air conditioned, radio Extra nicel Coil: J G arto, 222-84)1 
'll N H T fl.'S d5oT------- 
885o 
227-4818 
■7A Pinto. 2-door, olr heater, radio, 
I owner Excellent cond. 228-4727 days 824-5344 eves 
7 T Pinto one owner. 4(8 6oS milts. 
51ooo 484-3444______________ ______ 
1974 Pinto One owner Air nu tomatic. Many extras 824-9545, 
695 8o54 
74 Pinto Squire Station Wagon 
Standard, olr. 82288. Coll Monuel 
341-9433 
_____________________ 
^4 PiN T G , standard, air, S18? i 
Call Manuel, 341-9433. 
A V A iL A h L l------ 
TAke O ver Paym ents. S M A L L 
EQ U IT Y . Call: 
Steve Broom all 
222-8411 y\ V B i w D oil power 
Sunroof 
Cleanest! Sacrifice! I ll help you finance. M r Ouerro 222-o984 

Tinted glass, 225 6 cylinder, HD ra­ 

 diator, 63 amp hour alternator, 

 bucket driver and passenger seat, all 

 direct reading instruments, dual large 

 low mount mirrors, spare tire and 

 wheel. #8557. 

T T T i3 W T T T ?T e 7 u n ^ o ^ a 7 ?rH r chromed ports; 48 Roadrunner body, extra accessories Atter 4 
PW. 111-48o4 
_________________ t i 
1976 Used 

I i 
C H EVfTT ES 

I I 
*3195 

M A LIBU CLASSICS 

I 
4-Door 
*4o95 

M O N TE CARLOS 

$4495 

CUTLASS 

SU PR EM ES $4695 

C A M A RO S 
*4195 

N O V A S 
*3495 

ITD s 4-door 
>4395 

Hart? selects the finer cars from its rental flee: ani sells then directly lo you at more than 
IOO sales locations threughout th# nation 
Hart! cars igok terrific and come equipped with air conditioning auto transmission power steering end brakes, radio, radial I res and more en most models 
An* ell cees come with Heel! limited 
Warranty It s good tor 17 months or up to I? OOO miles end covers engine transmission, drive shalt and differential 
; 
Ask tor full details 
WE ALSO HAVE A LARGE 
STOCK OF SPORTSMAN VANS 
Fully equipped with automatic transmission, power steering, power disc brakes, 4oo 
LEAN BURN Engine, factory air conditioning, 

I £ I 
J j 
^ bucket seats, ra- 
V - 
S A V E S T dio. undercoating. 

^ 
L remote control 

J 
$ C f m i r r o r , s t e e l - 
/ 
Q l f l l f belted radial tires. 

Toke over payments, no equity. I colt Credit Manager 149-4948 , 
TI ThT/noEA Si Sd------ 
Fu lly equipped, like new cond! lion O w ner tw ill fin an ce. B ill! 
Thomas 344-44*8; 144-4211 j 
TI Thunderbird, full power, fbc- tory air. Lik e new 
‘77 license 
81898 Will trode 923-2883 
73 TH O h o r A b l i b " a h extra's'. all e le c tric and p o w er, white- w hite, om-frn, 8 tra c k ste reo | 
Perfect condition 37,ooo m iles I 
One owner 473-o417. 
6i THUM BY f t t lR b ------ 
597 5 
453 94o° 
•y^ Thunderbird perfect condylion 
872oo. Rick Morpgr, 344 1421. 
48 Torino. 6 T V L auto . air". Se w I paint, vinyl roof and tires 885o. 
333 4744 
I 
74 TO RIN O S Q U IR E W A O G 6b 
Fully equipped, tike new Owner [ w ill fin a n c e . 
B ill 
T h om as. 
149 *948, 349-9213 
75 T d ftth g W 'ooon. loaded m o t mi. 429oo. 444-4187__________________ I 

GRANADA8 
*3 9 9 5 
Many Other 
Models and Styles 

© THE HERTZ CORPORATION 1977 

Pinto Squire Wood groin sides 
Air, gold color, sharp! 435-144) 
‘74 C o u g ar XR-7 a m OM c a s ­ sette. I mo w arran ty, 22oo mi 
S5445 714 85o3; 734 o)47___________ 
74 C o u a ar X R V oute, p o w er steermq, air. am-tm. ne equity, take up payments, Randy 441-1492 
■ y4?6uO AB XRT. loaded "S ilv e r red interior 485 o7o5 eves 
T I Cougar x u > Too.iJh Balance 
84441 
Assume paym ents. C all: 
Guerrp, 222-o484___________________ 

71 C U T LA SS S U P R E M E 8245o 
Tip Top condition1 I I I o141 
W T u T l A s s - SU PR t m T 2 door 1 
Assume smaH balance Low eau! tv Mr Levine, 222 o9*4 
Ta— rurrrn— su pm £ m l 
2 DOOR 
V o ry d e a n o28 *355, atter 7: 494-o3o3____________________ I 
74 Cutlass Su p rem e"'Ex ce lle n t cond, inside and out! L o o k s— I drives Good 
Come see! 
SHOO 
732 4454 
J 

 l f l U t L A S S S u p re m e 4 dr hardtop 821oo or otter 4o4-2725 i otter 5 pm y | 
Su p rem e, a ir, 1 1 irock 544oo 924 4417 
| rfTutioss" Very uood condifion 
Moke oner 342 19o4 oft 4 
74 Della s i t H i i 4 Br., power, j clean 34AtJ21. fro T ifg H i' Me»o¥ic' Sfu'e, power 
2 new tire s , a ir 
W ont to buy j sm aller ca r! Cleon, good cond I 
A skin g 81195. W ill b g rg g m . 
488 5748 454 1721 atter 7_________ 
4* b e llo i i . ‘77 p la te s, good shape 5521 *71 t n t 
• 7,~n f T 'T A ' H bo v o le i b r sc ooh j i m i i i m i 

’>'(! 4 d r' LeM an s, ex tra clean! 

, power steering, air, radio, vinyl i lop. I owner Call 411-8441 
I 
“ ■"■"‘W T S L b f 4*1 
$45o 715-7517 
Tl'6'f ^ M 'o'ulo' powe, on $1.o^o m i.,‘77 license Ex ce lle n t cond 
SISO cash Call tor John l l * 4411 atter 5pm 
I T r a f f T d r i ^ i r i s e d . f o>i 
I track. AM P M quod. a ir. runs perfgct. 8*oo i i u l o e 
O L b i 441 - ll. t le a n . le a d e d . I 
48,ooo ml I I I *411. 381 teto rd 
Atter 4pm 
^ o » w iit t < 6 L r ~ 
R E D D E L T A l l '. N E W T IR E S 
8)9oo S E E T H IStt 418-1441 ti Out* Cullom Wagon H I icellenl 
I buy at SUSQ 71111o9. 
T I" (M s Cullom Cruiser Woeon 
W ife s cor Cruise central, air, 
{ powor. lug rock Now tiros, all sec records P a rte d cond . orig owner SHOO OIS 2944. 
T r s L b r c u t L A s * ------ 
Take up payments, 924 4o7) 
197J bids Cutlass Suprem e one 
I owner Ole 98*5. 495 MS* 
*4 bids Cutlass Supreme V I. OU tomatic, power, factory air, like new 
77 license S i m Will trade 
923 IM I 
(TTOV T * bello Bl (intern , 4 h ardtop. 4 55 VB, auto pow er ste e rin g b ro k e s, a ir 
R ad io . clean 478 1774 
TT 6 raTs~B ;Tfn f e'uVtom O elu.’e" 
4oo to outo air, power, AM 
P M rodig, tap*, cruise control 
Trailer pkg , new tires . CB 5425o or moke otter I 425-1287 

8 frock stereo, speed control, St. Regis roof, mony other 
Petros St 71o2 

SAVU 

L O A D E D 1! 1.ooo miles Must sen 
Coll John 141-o111 b a a n o e itb k o f R u if k U i t ' i 
IH IO end W W White Road 
441-4121 
___________ 
H 6 
Su p e r b l id * 
'M lo w mileage, excellent 
527oo 

44 Internationak Scout 4 wheel drive, must so*! 1' 4111o14_______ 

51oo SA N P ID R O 

732-1211 
International Trucks 
TIS Steve* Av* 
514 5471 iH't r m f T f f l e A L U H T T T ET 
1o.ooo A C T U A L M IL E S 
M A I 
B E E N IN S T O R A G E 
D R IV E S 
P E R F E C T ' SHOO CASH t i l 1441 l* f i inlerhottoMUi 
> ><• series wilk 
IO' drive in end lift agt* 45o 7444 
J IM f t iC T IA V g L ' U O i H S ' 
COM Jim . »4t-48)I_________ iffPTY rnr^ nrET^ rTTT; top and seats Less than ll.O M mi 
SPO ftlo otter I pm 

Si jeep New tpp. tires H JS * or otter 14) o471 otter 5 h Jeep Waqonoer auodroirtu 
4 wheel doiuxo. air power radio. 
[S i m 494 1*o1 
74 J E C k Wogoneer 4 WO, ti IM 
I m i Auto , a ir. pow er b ra k e s , steering Am tm stereo radio, hi lo rang* 
845oo 
715 3441 or j *84 7524____________________________ 
' 48 JE E p i wheel 4 wheel drive 
Excellent 495 8244. 43J 4o7I i i Jim m y « wh*«7"dr ’ foe e v e ry option g v a ilg b i* 
1o«)5 white loitered tires, tra ile rin g s p e c ia l, em tm w ith to p *, 
4speok*rs sliding gloss windows, much much more! S5iKf mi I mo i.i't, list S94oo sell tor S79S8 or best otter 494 m s 
' T I *bir X IT f i'S T U l kl r o t r 
M O D EL H EA V Y DUTY 
D IE S E L T RU C K TRA C TO RS 

H eavy duty radiator, 6 cylinder, standard transmission, 
S W B , Tinted G lass ' Take a short drive to Boerne 
Shop and compare low small town ’country prices 

Y T Mumm* C maline V I automa tic, powor. factory air, new radial tires '77 license Exceptionally 
(leon $1795 Will Ired* 923 2841 
TI PdRVIAC i d e d T l H T (Inane. mg available 224 4419 to Pontiac")" dr 
Colollno runs groat. SISO I t ! 7o42 
' 1949 PONT Ta I F IR ! B IR O 
R EO 4 cylinder, ti ded! 
.11*95 
TOM B EN SO N IM PO R T S 
94M SAN P E O R O 
341 1154 
'i i ►bWflAtf 6 # , While, oxcefleni 
51954 I V o91o, 714 3583___________ 
74 AonViac b ra n P rix , V-i. ou tomatic, powor. tpclory air. AM 
P M stereo tape, to cto ry mop wheels, one owner low miieep* 
77 neons* Lik e new 81995 Wit! 
•rad* 921 IM I 
4i Pontiac hardtop S'rand Prix 
Leaped 5445. best otter 454 IIM 
41 kophac LoMons I door hard top V I, automatic power factory air, '77 license Like now 511*5 
Wilt trade 911-iMi 
4* tfgaKoc liM o iii Good 'coatsT, outo oir, VO 142 M U i r P 6 U r \ l t L' ux' uTy le m o n s' toke up payments, 924-4471_______ 

I 7*o 3254 
INTC ANAT IONA L TRUCK 
S A L E S AND S E R V IC E 
PO Box 411 Moitottsviitq.Te 
H i (.of* model ^ 6 #D pickups 
( I ) Super Cob Must soil bv So turdov 
CPN 
Dan 
Yarborough, 
111 8411____________________________ 

•71 FO RD C MOA* 
7 ten cab and chassis. ]*t v I. 
5 speed. 2 speed axle, * OO x 2o tire* 
H M P H IL L M CCO M BS FO RO 
TRUCK C E N T E R 
Call Watty 418-4o11 

1*75 Pard Custom ' 1 ton f u l l y 
LO A D ED OIS *545 495 1o54 rf » r o rry c n o l i’ne -pickup iv owner 1425 4*4 2714 
~4t Ford t m 
~Von Pip et M o i. 
Sid Panelled 511*5 *54 1447 
'f l T or’d y T ft f iTslom t W B ' VSI 
En fin * Sfd Power 455 4451 l o T f l l B " ? t^ - F eL~u,'e i lone 
Load ed 'IT I hem finance Call Mr 
M nnetl 111 4*44 
TI" Fblff'THTlUBII CAI iii power, a ir Assum e paym ents, and $41o4 b ala n ce C all, G U S . 
Ill o*84 

Beautiful ‘74 Regency All power stereo, so 48 seal Ste t) belted tires Bob Richey lll-771oi nile* 
441-lMr t i Culoss. power steering. oulfH 
817o1 CON 441 i m 
‘l l t u f t is i bk en idem . Beau t nut automobile' Showroom cond Ail worthwhile extras tl.OM miles. I owner w ill socrttic* equity Toh* up leas* purchase paym ents et 
8175 me Buyer must have good credit / m i l l 414-4441 H urry 
TF f U f L A l t I doon T7,7 KTp- i m 
411*155 att I 494-4141 
T* CUTI.AAB loloniTooded. nice, take up poymonts, 934 4471 f u m r m 
--------- 
Silver, 4 door. un hoot, am tm, re d ia lo 
L ik e now 
E x c e lle n t m aintenance 8*1*5 Atter 4 pm 
• nd w eek en d s, 
M r 
T o rre s 
441-o194, if ne ans 4*4 417$ y f c u t l a s s I ownorVTow mil loaded SHOO 479 7115 
‘Ti CU T I A i t 'lup‘r*m *r, take up paymenis. *14 447) 
T T m t ' A i ! iu p re m e , t o a ^ 
95S tinancmg available 
51**5. 
124 4419 

74 OLDS Delta 18 
Tok* ever paym ents no equity, coil C radii Manager 14* *948 

I V f 'bT B Y B e llo ' i i TH U T»151 mb. new paint, pood tires, new valves, see to appreciate. 85*5 
Atter 4pm 474 1811 
6 i d s u w f r o n n 
T R A D E IN GOOO IR A N 8 P O R 
TATION lit * 
CASH 
1415 
C U L E B R A 
T T o T B T n uoor Perfect cinilT hon 575o 922 52o1 f 
______ 
*7 Olds 4 door Sedun 
I aoded 
5475 Boti ottpr *54 IMO___________ 

Leos# Operators W o n te d ! 
I axle Tractors and Traitors 
434-717); 3)3-8444 

M EC H A N IC S S P E C IA L 
74 Ford 4 outo 
8U75 
74 Ford ‘x LW B 
. 81475 
74 Chevy V I, alo an 
81875 
7) Chevy I ton Loaded .........41875 
72 Chevy V 8 auto 
5117} 
Mony M O RE TO Chops* FR O M i l l ! New Laredo Hwy 914 44/9 
Must sell movinp' 'is Ford tw B 
V I stand Best ofter $44 1424 
N £ W and lu m p e rs ' Ltght weight to heavy duty For all sties et pickup trucks 924-4811 IB I New 
Ceredo Hwy_______________________ 

— i m e b m iy 4 B 6 o 1 ------ 
B L U E Loaded! 
81495 
TOM B EN SO N IM P O R T S 
9*M SAN P E D R O 
141-1184 is C b M tT . erie ow nor " 1 .7.T lent cond 
Air. power stoerinp. rad** Below hlut book 4*4-5M4 ofter 5 14, ok day le t -tun ll fb l/ b A 8 ‘ ""ouU:"alr“ ex*oNeni cond By owner 514 *171 
»’ ‘ - mar. IKurtuhdy block vinyl top 
111, any put*. I l l at b e lt 

SOME REPOSSESSIONS 
AVAILABLE 
B A N K R A T S F I N A N C E 

SUPERIOR PONTIAC 

92o BROADWAY mm 

TS fb U S A I. loaded----- 
Extra nice. 5411*13 t i f b U d A r W m lU pp'e~« i r iv clo q ai E x c e lle n t condition. 
E X T R A S 127 Ilia , 411 995* ofter 

Custom n e ce ssa rie s tor V an s, 
Pickups, mini trucks R Y * 
From small installations to com plot* Van Conversions 
19772 P E R R I N B E I T E L ase x$$l 

Twelfth Page 
Express-News— Friday, March 11,1977 

746 - TRUCKS & COMMERCIAL 
TRAILERS, BUSES 
__ 

74 R A M Charger, 4 wheel (Five, all power 35 Gal. tank. 25,ooo mi. 
o9o-o874 Arter 5 pm 
•74 ftAhCH fe»f6 5oo Com plete- loaded1 John 532-7824___________ 
•Vs Ranger PISO air, power Very 
Cleon 828-6355 arter 7 694-o3o3 
‘74 R A N G E R FisO, lo ad e d !! A»- su m e p a y m e n ts, an d 
$4215 balance. Coll GUS, 222 o984 
74 R A N G E R X L T F-2So Loaded, foil time auto., 4-wheel, cam per cap, all terrain tire*. Best offer. 
454-4344. 
__________ 

ROOFERS 
Hot Pot, 2oo gat. kettle, good cond. 
$585 474-oo34_____________ 
SA N A N T O N IO T R U C K E 
S A L E S A S E R V IC E 
G M C, Diam ond Roo, Peterbullt 
381o IH-IO 
_______ 
441 -4511 i^ H d O L-H igh w av Diesel Bose* 
23o1 N O G A L IT O S 
534-4711 
‘#4 Scout Terra Pickup, i wheel drive, loaded, under 13,ooo miles, 
$44oo or best offer 342 7o91 
Sears hest excercise bicycle, lite new $45. 2o" g ir ls b icycle $4, 
923-o474 weekdays otter 5: p m. 

746 - TRUCKS ( COMMERCIAL 
TRAILERS, BUSES 
746 • TRUCKS I COMMERCIA! 
TRAILERS BOSES 

77 Silverado pickup Red. fully loaded. Like new! $61oo. Arter 5 
P.m.: 699-1734 

‘72 V W 4-speed, am-»m stereo tape, clean throughout. 5135o. 
224-5473; 655-85o4 

1974 SUBURBAN 
V-8, automatic, air, power. 
White-Red ....................... $4695 
J A M ISO N M trs Seguin, 223-52o1 

'iiA H f k b : B e d for fla t her) 
Dump. 
With or without truck. 
694-8444 
66 W H IT E Fr sigh tuner and belly dump, t il 3962 tak e over paym ents on ‘74 Ford pickup. Calf 222-o986 ask tor Den nts ofter 8 -6564321 
748 - MOT8RCVCU8-SCOOTERS 

Three 18' V an tru c k s with lift gates. One T i ton House Trailer toter. 
227-5187; evenings 
656 1936. 

‘73 BM W , low mileage, w indjam ­ mer, other extras. $17oo. 344-8956 
‘fro B5A 6S8CC. Low mileage. 5675. 
342-7922. 
*73 Toyota PU, auto., low mi., ex­ cellent cond. 337-8549 lOOcc D IR T B IK E 
"•Yamaha $1oo 494 1833 
‘^3 Toyo ta PU . *1466. *94-5441 from 7 3o am- 5:3o pm 
‘#4 E L S IN O R E 
Top condition. 822-7458 
T R A I L L M O B B ?, 32 yds. Per- feet condition: $4,8o8-473-4191. 
Garelli M o Ped 6 months old. $2oo, 
653-3697 arter 5: 

T R U C K L IQ U ID A T IO N 
*75 E lC a m in o C la s s ic , lo ad e d 
$255o; ‘7$ Chevy Custom DeLuxe 
’ i ton pickup $245o; Cash or Bank letter of credit M a y be inspected at 871o Broadway-822-o14t 

‘76 H a rle y D a v id so n cho pper. 
Lots of chrome and gold! 734-8296. 
1974 Harley Davidson Sportster. 
Electric start, Custom. 661-2212. 
‘fr* Harley Davidson super glide, customized, 2,5oo mi. 226-5859 
‘74 H A R L E Y #®uil d r e s s H o g everything' Super sharp. 1o,ooo miles. 
Will take trade 
$265o 
1-625-7159 
V A N S Buy, Sell, Trade 
6831 S.F L O R E S 
923-4211 

748 MoT8WCYCLES SCOOTERS 

75 Harley x l h -s p iuoucc. $2ooo. 
Ask tor Ski, days: 221-5374 
71 Hodaka B-t- iOOCC Dirt Bike, like new $25o 733-158o 
7 T H 6 N D A~~5y 
$95o 433-o341 433 9387 
73 H O N D A 75b, $1o5o. 
441-7527, 532-5o43 
•fr4 Honda dkisO , only 157 mi. ex- cellent cond, offer 824-4531 
■75 H O N D A CB2o6 ou tstan d in g econom ical com m uter bike, ex- cell condition. $5oo. 453-7458 
•71 Honda-CB 45o. Sharp, extras 
M oving) $495. 475-o543. 

‘i i H on d a CB-566 T. E x c e lle n t condition, extras. 454 1173 
Honda CT-7o. Street Legal. $2i5. 
Coll 344-4244 after 4 p m 
H O N D A 4oo-Pour. Low m ileage. 
$1ooo. 828-4518 eve*. 
1973 Honda sift 6 ood condition. 
$575. Coll 433 53o9______________ 
'75 H d k O A 75o. Good condition. 
$145o.454-o122 
'?2 Honda 5oo. Good condition. 
$8oo 223-2495, 822-9523 
'74 lio ndam atic 75o. 42oo m iles. 
$1475 1-772 3o73 arter 4 p m 
‘74 Hondomatlc 756, Loaded $i6s6 
435-3341. 

748 MTOTORCYCLES SCOOTERS 
748 MOTORCYCLES SCOOTERS 

-74 Honda 45o. 11,ooo mf., good- condition. $7oo. 734-5444. 
HO n6 A "3s6, 4 mo aid. 125o mi. 
Asking $425. 734 9984 h 6 n d A W 
SA N A N T O N IO 
57o8 M O B U D 
484 3482 
•/i Honda 45o. $45o or trade for old pickup. 532-o354 532-484o 
•>i h 6 'H 5 a 6 L 166. G ood condi­ tion Coll ofter 5:oo pm, 337-5o72. 
1974 Honda 75o SS Bell helmets, crash bars, in warranty. 7oo m l„ 
$14oo 454-o449 
‘74 Honda 75o stoner Sport 29oo mi., just like new! Cost $24o3, sell for $175o 732-4245, 8 to 5________ l6fr4 H onda 756. W in d jam m e r, leggings, backrest, lug. rack. Tri­ ple A bags. $18oo. im m aculate! 
Must see to appreciate1 494 7844 
‘71 Honda 45o with fairing 
N 6W e n gin e 
$7oo 
M O V IN G M U S T 
S E L L 1 441 5752 
JO E H A R R IS O N H O H b A 
Sales-Servlce-Ports 
34o1 B R O A D W A Y _______ 824-9494 
K aw asaki Big Horn 35o. Roce or trail, all the Goodies! Complete overhaul M a k e offer. L. D uck- worth: 333-3384._______ 
74 K a w a s a k i 1o6, $274 
441 7741 after 4pm. 
?3 K a w a s a k i 35o. i cyl. miles. $5oo. 927-2475. 

T a l l 

74 K A W A S A K I IOU D I N I B I K E . 
$3oo.458-1817 
■72 kaw asaki 5oo Excellent run- ning cond. $4oo. After 5: 924 9884. 
1^74 K A W A S A K I 
Good cohrfi- tion. 824-4o34 otter 5 p.m. 

75 k a w a s a k i K 

752 KU BAL AUTO BEP8I8S 
S A V I Y O U R O L D C a p 
Reliable Sport Cdr Serv-Repair 
Robinson's Sport Cars-Repair 
8343 B R O A D W A Y 
828-1389 

CAMPERS TRAILERS 

7B4 TlRES-tiim accessories 

Z4oo top cond., 
488-33 extras $7oo Col) 488-3354 
74 K a w asak i 9oo, 7tVOo mi 
E X - 
T R A S! $14oo 458-4o4o R A P S 
Like new 1975 Vo m aba $6occ, 4 stroke, under 3oo ml. M o v in g, must sell! 473-4992, 471 2419 
M O T O R C Y C L E T R A IL E R 
$75 658-o2IS__________ 
M U S f §4Tl L! V/5 CC h fe N tO N 
694-198C arter 3 pm 
SAN A N T O N IO C Y C L E S A L E S 
K A W A S A K I Sales, Service, Parts 
313 N A K O M A 
________ 494 5254 
'74 Suzuki GT556. to e d condition 
$95o 433-5439___________________ 
‘Ft Suzuki 566. Low miles, excel- lent cond. $7oo. 1-772-3853 after 5, all day wkends 
7o iu z u k i SOOT, needs rep airs, 
$35o. 441 7741 ofter 4pm. 
74 Suzuki 185 with traile r 

C E N T R A L T IR E CO. j 
7o5 N. F L O R E S , 224-5473 
1949 Chev station wagon, body only, best ofter 432-7148 
57 C H E V Y N o m ad P a rts 
I $4 
Chevy Heads 735-7248__________ 
67 Dodge Coronel. D am aged left side, otherwise good. Runs ok. 
533 52o5 
E N G IN E for FT B U I^ K E L E C ­ 
T R A $175-432 4963_______________ 
‘76 F o rd W a g o n . F ro n t end w recked. M o to r, trans., seats, doors, rear end good condition. 
Reasonable price. 732-9589. 
M o p a r 34o h igh p e rfo rm a n c e eng., 2o2 h e a d s, 4 -spd., new clutch. $2oo. 494-4587 aft 5 
IS' Rim s, white spokes J (8 ), i 
(1o‘), fit Van. $35 each. 924-26o4 

 helmet $4oo. 653-9869 m d 

THE SIDE DOOR 
U sed Honda parts to fit alm ost any Honda made! M any 75o and 
G L parts. Wheels, Tanks, Seats, 
D isc B r a k e fro n t e n d s. 5716 
I M O B U D , (C orner Loop 41o and 
Bandera). 684-4749. 

TRAVEIToWN 
TEXAS, INC 
SAN ANTONIO’S LARGEST 
TRAVEL TRAILER DEALER 

A- over I M Units in Stack 

AUTHORIZED SAUS KM : 
HOLIDAY 
RAMBLER, 
PROWLER, 
NOMAD, 
VfNTURf- 
STARCRAFT, 
HOLIDAY, DIAMOND, JAMBOREE 
WH!-HOMB 

9 WM) IH^/3. 653-6711 
Across from Howard Johnson's 
9 HI dark, Mon.-fri. 
9-4 pjR. Sat. 1-5 Sundays 

T show TIME SAU « 
NOMADS 

I Full line Available-BIG DISCOUNT 

I RED DALE STH WHEELS 
JAYCO CAMPERS 
I BIANCO PRODUCTS 
■ ■ ■ 41o AND BROADWAY 

U S E D F O R E IG N C A R P A R T S 
Toyota-Dotsun-Mazdo-VW, more 
T A M Auto Parts, 458-o591 
2 i i i (Voodyeor fires v-‘th m ags, 
o6ox13, good tread, SUO 627-2243. 
9om 4pm ____________ __________ 
Wanted iron! end body parts for 

A C O N T R AC T O R C L O S IN G OUT 
Ladders, fools, counters, shelves, paint and roofing, window tons. 
Open M arch IS and 14. 1927 W, 
Commerce. 734-4627.______ _ 
_ 
A ir Cond. 24,ooo B T U $1oo. 
Wether and Dryer $2oo. 533-5554. 
A IR 
C O N D IT IO N E R : 1o,ooo 
B T U .llO Volt. H igh efficiency, w indow m ount. 
H I 
2 o 'i" , 
Wdttl.141 7".$12o. 474-9421 
A IR C O N D IT IO N E R S 
HOT D A Y S C O M IN G !! Friedrich window AC 22o outlet, 82oo BTU, j 
A-1 condition $185 734 6142. 

Air conditioners; used, complete­ ly reconditioned AC units Both 
HO and 22o vorts. AH sites. 4o day guarantee. After 5 call 456-2491 or 
455-o986. 
__________________ 
A ir C o n d itio n e rs, 18,5oo B T U 
ColdSPOt, $85. 19,ooo BTU G E $9o 
Call 654-842o 
__________ 
A L A V R E Z BAN JO 
5275, Firm. 694 2489 
A library of 2o5 hardback Dec- tecttve Club books. 341-1185. 

A ll SEVERELY PHOTO 

Studio Negatives Sale 
(Form erely al N 
M ain St. C all 
L a u r a al 674-222o or H a r r y 
724-4441 tor further information. 
A LL K IN D S O F F U R N IT U R E ! ! 
Nice Hide-A-Bed S125, Double Bed 
$4o M aple Chest $39, Desk $29, 
Coffee Table $15, Antique W a r­ drobe, P re ss e r. Too M u c h to 
M e n tio n All. 17o5 W e st A ve 
732-6595 1o 4pm 
A lm ost new, W a rd s SH P fille, used 5 times, 927 3928 ofter 6pm 
'A m ateur C o llin s U W M I se ria l 
849, lop condition $35o 822 3996 
A M F M am p receiver. Pioneer 
SX34 M u ltip le x w ith din, $75. 
L a d y 's bike. 26" 3-tpeed, SSO. 
M en s bike 26 ' 1-speed, $4o. 
Wicker dressing table SIS Box springs and m attresses, t twin, 
SIS, I double, $25. W eekdays arter 
5pm 655-8o37 
A M -F M I track stereo plus turn­ table and speakers $5o. Arter 4:3o 
49o-9254._______________________ 
A p a rtm e n t size w o s h e r a n d dryer, 4 mo old, $4oo. 696-193o 
Aquarium, 4 mo.old, 2o gal. long. 
Complete with stand Best offer. lofter 5 top rn 696-25o9___________ 
A q u ariu m s 3o 55 ga ts A fric a n 
I cichlids 349-3o83 or 341 o968 
A R M Y S U R P L U S & 
D A M A G E D F R E IG H T 
■ D e s k s , s w i v e l c h a i r s , p e d e s ta l t a n s , r id in g la w n m o w e r s , e l e c t r i c m o t o r s , w a sh e rs, b u n k b e d s . e le c tr ic a n d m a n u a l a d d i n g m a ­ c h in e s , w o o d t r im , d o o r s , sin k s , la v a t o r ie s , p a lle ts . 3 a c r e s o f i t e m s ! ! 
C O M E 
L O O K ! ! ! 
5o35 
R o o s e v e lt, 
924-8771._____________________ 

DOUBLE ESTATE AUCTION 
F rid a y - M a r c h 11 - 7 : 3 o P .M . 
SAN ANTONIO 
AUCTION GALLERY 
5o96 Blanco Road 

Tonight we hove been commissioned bv two local banks — WITHOUT 
RESERVE OR STARTING BIDS ON LOTS OFFERED - the furnishings of 
Margarita Archamboult, 321 San Pedro (stored in our Gallery since October) and the estate of Louis S. Go loco, 8326 N. Vandiver & 3o8 — plus other consignments. 

SAU W ill INCLUDE 4 exquisite fireplace mantels, both oak and walnut, the first opportunity we have ever had to sell such fireplace mantels, normally they are sold with the house but these hove been removed at 
( root expense to be oHered at Public Auction. Queen Ann talking Victrola eonard Cleanable ice cooler 4-plece wicker porch set — one of the old ones in good condition. 4 poster walnut bedroom. Library table Old oak ioveseat Maple Empire style vomty. 7 piece dining room. High backed pressed oak rocker Old Singer tredle sewing machine, with removable top complete Original Kook Craft 192o gas apl stove Several rocks of 192o domino Pullout porcelain top kitchen panfry Old doors. Old trunk. Spool table Oropleaf table Walnut grandfather clock. Tobacco stand. All types of occasional furniture and Irk A Brot. 

PLUS: Component Midland stereo. Early American hem groom. 2 pieces tuf­ ted Robinson living room lote model 12 in Sharp portable block and white 
TV like new 19 in. RCA black and white TV. Several formica dinettes. Heavy brass lamps. Like new Wilson golf clubs still in box Onyx center piece Pro­ vincial china cabinet Walnut bookcase. Whatnot shelf Pine 5 piece dining set. Late model refrigerators. Heavy BURLED END ANO COFFEE TABLES. 
Samsonite bridge set. GE portable phonograph Clean Mediterranean oak bedroom Plus much more too numerous to mentionand too much to sell in one night!!! 

AUCTIONEERS NOTES: We were closed last Friday and have 2 weeks of merchandise to sell plus 2 estates. This should be one of our largest sales of the year. Something for everyone, with all of the variety of old ond now 
* 
JOHN JONES 
A u c tio n e e r-T x G C -7 6 -o o 2 9 
J. KAHN I ASSOC., Inc. 512-342-4822 
5o96 Blanco Rd., 
San Antonio, Ttxas 78216 

Planning an A u ctio n ?? C onsider our ReputationIt 

Smith Construction 349-4127. 

PLANT PARTIES 
344 3832 
349 5829 
P O b L t A B L E ; Transferred Must 
Sell 2 mo old 517oo Value F irst 
512oo BUYS it 494 7475 
Pool table 4x8, slate board with accessories $85. 25" Console color 
TV, working $145 674-5891 
Portable 19" R C A color TV. $135. 
923-7o77. 
__________ 
P o rta C rib , Stoller, C a r Seat, 
Toys 657 oo58. 
Quoensize bed spinal-oedic, used 
3 mos., 51oo. Approxim ately IOO venetian blinds, various sizes $1oo far all. C olem an floor furnace, com plete with all co ntrols and vent pipe SIoo. O u tside doors, various sizes, sam e with glass *1o each, must take all 14 735-36o4 
Pork for short wide pickup truck, 
$75. 344-2244 
R A N 6 e, A V O C A D d E L E C T R IC ; like new $1oo. 342 8544.__________ 
Range, Tappan clee double oven, 
525o 4 bor stools $22. 475 1112 
R a tta n c h a ir s , t u r k is h h an d carved bar, camel saddles 
437 5278 
________________ 
Record fla y e r In Good Condition 
Selling For SIS 822 3o62 
Refrigerator, autom atic washer, freezer. W o rk in g perfect. Rea- sonoble 224-1959. 
R e frige raio r and stove, sale or trode tor wosher. 826-8o52._______ 
R e frige ra to r tor cam p e r, elec- 
Irlcitv, 12-v battery or propane. 
5125 337 8o12 att 5 wkdys________ 
Refrigerator, clee range, sm a ll. air conditioner. 432-9111 ________ 
R e g rig e rato r side-bv side, frost free. Copper After 5, 342-176o l f " R eposse sse d Color Portable 
TV 5298 
H O P P S I S33 A u stin 
Hwy Ie Home with 16x24 Florida 
Room, storage bldg barn, hay shed on 
County 
Rd. 
S39.Soo 
1 535-4161. 
_______ 
R U G S , i beautitui p a ste l woof sculptured needlepoint, 9 x12' and 
4 x6 
Excellent cond 826 8743 full wet suit, 

ATT EN T IO N ! 
I Flea Market Vendors 
D e a l e r d i s c o u n t . New and 
(used lum ber, box of 72 d ish e s 
I SS oo, Glassware, vases, pottery, 
(candles, G R O C E R IE S , includes soices, soups, canned vegetables, juices, ceral, coffee. 2 reach in cooler*, antique doctors exmain- mg table $75, desks, bridal wed ding accessories, flowers, coke box, candy m achine, spe akers, plates, paint pots and h o se s, paint, sin gle se w in g m ach in e , cookers, shoes, sudan gro ss seed. 
14 track type) tool boxes, acoustic sprayer, 2 prm m g presses, litho graph, inks, paper, leod melting machine, printers saw. I grocer­ ie s sc a le s, c a sh r e g is te r s , ty p e w rite r* a n d m an y m o re items. Com e and b ro w se ! We have a little bit et everything. G A 
G S A L V A G E . 7942 E. Houston. 
Coll Harry TU 644) tpr mere info 
A utom atic w asher and drye r, goad working cond 
$45 ea. 
224 57o5. 
I Avocado green 3o gas range, 
'HO O 
2 b u iltin H a r v e s t G o ld ranges, *9o co Con be seen in 
Converse, 458-o394_____________ lith 

I 71 Honda ZSoA M ini Troll. G ab 
Furniture ond Etc. 732 2437 
Desks! Desks! Desks! 
Oak. Walnut. M etal Executive, 
Secretary, Student • large setae lion $69 so and up. A lso Good selection of F IL E C A B IN E T S . 
1131 Basse Rd., 733-7367, 734 3o81 

 co ndtton $175 or b e st offe r. 
923-o474 weekdays ofter 5 p m. 

19" D ia g o n a l B la ck and White 
Portable TV (reconditioned) $58. 
HOPP S 1533 Austin Hwy 
25" D iago n al Color Console TV, 
Recon d ition ed L ik e New $341. 
Hopp s 1533 Austin Hwy 
D ia m o n d , lo o se I c a ra t. C a ll 
484 4181 weekends or arter tem weekdays. 
Diam ond Wedding ring set, ( I 8kt gold) $15o, pair of diam ond ear­ in g s, 
(y e llo w g o ld ), 
M a n s diamond ring (yellow gold) $135. 
655-o54o. 
_ _ _ _ _ 

H O U S E H O L D F U R N IS H IN G S 
U S E D O N L Y I Y R IN E X C E L 
L EN T , S P O T L E S S C O N D IT IO N ! 
C o n te m p o ra ry b la c k - b ro w n b eige oloid liv in g room suite 
M atching sofa, love seat. 2 arm chairs. 5'coffee table. 2 pedestal ash tray stands Pedastal swivel 
TV fable. G E m atching w asher and dryer. Ivory colored dinette table with 4 yellow upholstered chairs. M ahogany queen bed with headboard F re n ch P r o v in c ia l 
^lereo co nsole, d r u n d ig , ...... triple dresser with 9 draw er* and re e l-to -re e l tap e , tu rn ta b le , 

Scuba gear, 4 tanks, extras $795 658 3447____________ 
S e a rs cabinet se w ing m ach ine 
51oo, 7o g a l a q u a riu m , filter, grovel, pump $25. 696-9546 
S E T of L u d w ig d ru m s, olm o st new. 515o 824 1o22 Aller 6pm 
Sewing machine 14 com auto zig zag console S12S 456-7177_______ 
Shuffleboard, 181 regulation, ex cellent cond. New set of Puck*. 
55oo. ofter 5 3o, 973 217o_________ 
Six string Epiphone and 12 strinq 
Harm ony guitar 342 3o9o_______ 
Sofa 8 ti Spanish Gold M e d al lion Velvet. O rginally $65o Sell for 
53oo 4S5-84oo 
__________ 
9o" Sofa: push pedal Singer sew mg machine, po cart; 826-o88) ar 
653-2714. 
TTH 

E S T A T E 
S A L E : 
F u r n itu r e , elec.range, hosehold goods, tools, 
12’ fa rm ga te , c a r , 
M IS C . 
9 3oam-5 oopm. Sat Sun O N L Y ! 
12922 Martsberger Lane 
6 F a m ilie s l l ! ) M a rc h , 13911 
Thebes, U n iv e r s a l C ity, c a rs, color TV, stereo, furniture, m any others 
3 Fom iiy G arage Sale. Thurs-SaL 
5111 St Leonard (Forest Hills) 
Furniture and spanish decorative items; clothes, misc. items. Frl.- 
Sot 4822 C asa Oro 
Garage Sale: £af - Sun. J families, good furniture, clothes, toys, good wig*, curtains, misc. 8J7 Rittiman 

 ga ra g e Sole 47o4 K ing Crest off 
Coliseum, Gem bler Thurs-Saf 
G arage Sole, 51o3 Round Table, 
S a l only M a r . 12, 9-3, so fa s, c h a ir s , ta b le s, b ik e s, b o o k s, men'*, wom en’s clothing 
G A R A G E S A L E , Linens, lu m l- ture, drapes, household itm es, clothes!(ladies, irs, girls) Thor*. only 4338 Las Cruces. 
G arage Sole, M a r 
IO 1112. Rot la w a y bed, tw in m a ttr e s s - sp r ln g s , p la n ts. M a n y , m an y other items. 
1529 Nacogdoches 
R d _____________________ 
Garage Sale: M arch IO 13 Baby things, misc. 9-5pm Also M arch 
19 2o 2631 W W oodlaw n________ 
G A R A G E S A L I: Stove, retriger ator, good condition Furniture and lots o* G O O D S T U F F ! Fri- 
Sat O N L Y 95o2 LaRue 
___ 
G arage Sole: Sat Sun clothing, books, bargains galore 5831 Dan 
Duryea 684 1496 
G A R A G E S A L E 

’67 TRIUMPH-734-6114 
72 f R IU M P H 75oCC, 5 sud, Irons 
Good condition 58oo. Atter 5 and weekends 342-3467. 
I f i l trium ph 6i 6. Cleon, reason­ able. 5595 227-8919._____________ 
T riu m p h or H a rle v D a v id so n 
Choppers W A N T ED . Good condi­ tion. 534-8247 anytime 
W anted 75 or 76 BM W , R96-4 
Block, sm all tank 824-3135______ is Y a m ah o DT46o, very clean ond fast $4oo. 923 4855__________ 
‘74 Yam aba 17$ Enduro, trail or 
Street, $475 698-27o4 
_______ 
1975 Y am ah a 45o Excellent con­ dition, by owner 5975 494-17oo 
73 Yam aha 65o, great condition. 
575o. Call 333-o371. 
Y a m a h a IOO M X . b o o d cond!, bum per bum pers, Bell Star hel­ met 55oo 492 1853 att 4.________ 
Y a m a h a IOO M X 
P o rte d and polished, excellent cond 684-5747 
■77 Yam ah a R D IOO Under w ar­ ranty, 21oo mi. 5925. M u st sell! 
Golden; days: 671 2o67 
~ 5 Y o m '~R D ftr2 ~ 5B~S~52r 

197o Super Sport Chevelle, with cowl induction. 342-44o3. rviurxi I u n louueu win. «x»«« 
^A N YfeD : I Set Chevrolet Rallev readv to go. T ra v e le rs W orld, 

•73 IN T R E P ID 23’ travel trailer 
Harper Motor Co Cam perland 
24o1 S W M ilitary 924-5514 
H rs Mon-Fri '9-6, Sun 1:3-6 
76 L A S A L L E travel trailer 
Harper Motor Co Cam perland 
24o1 S.W. M ilitary 924-5514 
73 Lil Hobo 24' Lravei trailer 
Harper Motor Co Cam perland 
24o1 S.W M ilitary-924-5514 it' M O N ltO R , loaded with extras. 

 wheels. 828-o2)2 
W recking Datsun B-21o. Engine, 
Std trans... left side. Hatchback, windshield, rear bumper. 734-7747 or 494-75oo. 

758 
* 
AIRCRAFT services, 
5 pm 

Space 48. 2617 Roosevelt________ 
‘76 N O M AD , 21 5 Self contained. 
Fu ll bath, a w n in g air. U se d 3 times. 734 8723, 732-8749_________ 
Open Road pickup camper, tullv self contained, with air. 655-o854 

JU U L 
8o4 BOATSJROTORS 

A L A M O F L Y E R S , IN C 
"Y O U R P IP E R D E A L E R " 
8411 M IS S IO N R D 
922-1228 
1957 C E S S N A lei, TTA 3597, 1oo6 
SM O H , 75 ST O P on 2 cylinders, 
A-2oo N A V C O M , A T So t r a n ­ sponder, Nov. annual, 51o,5oo. 
H arlingen, Tx. (512)423-5o61 or 
<512)546-2)34 after 5PM. 
58 c - iH t t abo s c m o h . 
M K12A, CB, new tires, annual. 
$685o 494-2724 

F R A N K B H A L L & CO. 
L A R G E S T 
A V IA T IO N 
IN S U R A N C E 
Broker Otters M ost 
Competitive Prices. 512-225-61o1 
1961 S k y la n d io5o SM O H , dual nav comm $11,5oo 822-3868. 
WH Y 'tToT order a N e w ------- 
P IP E R to your own 
Specifications, 
Frank 
Adam s, 
658-o22o 

PICKUP 
COVERS 
St88 
2171 Austin Hwy. 
653-o885 
R A H M A E R G R V C E N T E R xdusive dealer for 
V E N T U R E Tent Camper bv Starcraft 
“Little Castle On W heels" 
2271 A U ST IN H W Y 
655 o251 
1973 R E D D A L E 1 7 V self con tamed Air, 3 way refrig., 2 hold­ ing tanks, sleeps 6, lacks, hitch, ladder, lu g g a g e rack. P erfe ct condition! 684-o643. 
6$ S H A S T A 17 fully self co n ­ tained, air $22oo. 344-4o31 

CHRYSLERS GREAT GIVEAWAY 

W e will give you up to $ 1 o o of Chrysler accessories 
FREE with the purchase of an y new Chrysler outboard 

 motor now. 

For Details See: 
CARTER MARINE SALES 
Hw y. 3 o 6 Canyon Lake 
5 1 2 - 9 6 4 - 3 9 4 1 

Offer Expires March 31, 19 77— void where prohibited 

8o2-MflfiWHeBWSsale*raw h o ? m o to bh o m issn itsRtMi 

ANT E X T R A V E L c F n T E r H 
H 
I H 
H 
H 
H 
H 
H 
H 
H 
I I H 
I 

Y a m R D 3 5o, 565o, Y a m O T I, 
36occ Too end $3oo, ‘74 Honda m?.V°sM; » i,nore 55oo 458 o,oo 8o1 - CAMPERS-TRAILERS otier 5. p.m. 
ZI VOO, 1976. Touring bike $2.ooft. 
Call Debbie: 342 1719 between 8-5; arter 5 : 
344-5297, M onday thru 
Friday 

75o 
WANTED AUTOS, TRUCKS, 
TRAILERS, MOTORCYCLES 

*7t A p a n n ^ S e sirp o E n n rT T a H e r 
Solid state with stove and ice box. 
Sleeps 922-57o2 
1975 A P A C H E T E N T C A M P E R 

71 BM W R 4o, ‘73 engine, 13,ooo mi. Fairing, lq saddle bag*. M int cond. 5)6oo 733-7278 alter 6 pin 

Buy Junk Cars-lron Etc 
Aarco 927-3711-633-2o3o 

Call: 434-34o9. 
A R IS T O C R A T Travel Trailers 
The choice of th# auality buyer 
R A H M B E R G R V C E N T E R 
2271 A U S T IN HW Y. 
655-o251 

CALL ME FIRST 
Lost titles no problem 
T O P CA SH tor Junk C ars 
____________923 4422____________ 
Cash for clean cars and trucks. 
L arry Cannon Auto Sales 
563o San Pedro 
828-6355 
92) 44>i 

AVION 
Travel Trailers-M otor Hom es 

TRAVELER'S WORLD 
2617 R O O S E V E L T 
532 6o6) 
Bv Ow ner, lik e new 1974 1oft. 
Shasta travel trailer, air, refrig., sleeps 6 52ooo 923-5244 
T77T 

S H A S T A - P R O W L E R 
We Take Trade-ins 
Complete Service Dept. 
S T A H M A N N T R A IL E R S A L E S 
• HIO 3 M i North of Boerne 
RT 2 BO X 127 S A. Phone 224-2426 
O P E N S U N D A Y 12-5 P M. 

38o2 N.W Loop 41o 
________ 734 5131 
1^7), 25‘ Coachmen motor home. 
Air, power plant New tires. Low miles Clean 684-o423, 924-8336 

•7l 27 
S p a rta n trav e l traile r, se lf-co n tain ed , a ir. L ik e new. 
$395o. 533 7583 

Want To Bu y M otor Home. Any 
M ake 
Any 
Model 
658 7661, 
654-7119 

8M BOATS, MOTORS 

12 Alum inum boat 4 i hp motor. 
Good shape. 
S3oo. 
223-2695; 
8229523. 

Daily ond Weekly Rates 
I IS' A rrow glass bass boot, 125HP 
PH O N E 
461-7212 Johnson troll motor, depth finder, galvanized troller. $25oo. 434-7868 

GMC Rtator Home Rental 

"fc~M c Aa6 t o r h o m e 
FO R R E N T 
349 o772; 349-4311, 734-9389 
Luxury Motor Hom es Rent. Low 
Rotes. 658 7661, 656-7119 
•73 M in i-M o fo r Hom e. Self con 

71 A R R d w G L A S S 21 ft!, deep V, twin 88 h.p. Mere., fondem Dilley trailer. 53,595. 656-746o 
75 Avenger Jet, 455 Olds, Don s custom trailer, *7 mph, $4995. 
STARCRAFT 
M Y E R S T R A IL E R S A L E S 
114 Kingsbury 
S E G U IN , T X 
‘it S T A R C R A F T 25‘ travel trailer 
Harper Motor Co Com perland 
24o1 S.W. Military 924-5514 
1973 Streamline 33‘, extras Sell or trode in on house of greater value. 
624 225); 653-o163 Ofter 5 pm. 
Style Craft camper, insulated and paneled with full length double doors, $45o 659 1o43. 

> T t e r r y s r travel Troller 

69o 1536 
1976 B A SS BO AT. 16* glass, fully tained, generator, front and roof air, new fires. Sleeps 6 adults. 
--- 
-------- 
33,ooomi. $799$. 1-625-2552 after equipped; 7o H P Evinrude; galv. 
5:3o or weekends traile r^ troll motor. 25% below 
'it M obile T raveler M in i M otor 
-------------------------- 
Home. 19’ 1', roof air, stereo, 36o 
B A S S B O A T with new motor, 
Dodge. 3,952 miles. Best otter. SKOP 696-9546. 
698-8617 

C A SH FO R JU N K C A R S 

2 drawer m atching night stands 
L am p s Bunk bed with double ra ils. 
M U S T 
S E E 
T O 
A P 
P R E C t A T E I 
C a ll 
M o t o r 
M oham m ed Ibrahim 471-1878 or otter 4pm 475-8454 

Dinette Set with 4 Chairs. Signa­ ture Washer. 684-317o 
, ____________ 
- . 
*22$. F r ig id o ir e d ish w a sh e r, 
D IN E T T E table. 6 chairs Bom white, perfect condition *1o8 . 2711 boa styling, excellent cond, cast set! $158. 653-3787 

 short-wave radio, 52oo. 626-2835 
Stereo Tape deck, Pioneer, tif 
1o5o, 1 1 track, like new, 545o. Teac 
Mixer, 
AX-388, excellent. $17$. 
49o o283 

 llh p engine, electric start. Call j r o ^ 
I -3169 furdoy Only. 8<nn-Spfn Cosh Only 

6 Hp Rotary tiller, never used j S T O V E S-One apt M ze^Jo^each 

« « L 
D IN IN G S U IT E , French P ro v in ­ cial (white! 4 chairs $175. Wheel 
Chair. 5158. W alker (invalid) SIS. 
735-o773 eves. 
D O L L S : Anilau# , Com position, 
L ite Size D io n n e Q u in tu p le ts 
A lexanders and all Bisque Doll 
Furniture 822-5457 ll 6 
Dresser, twin bed. trundle bed, 
Spanish sofa and chairs, kine size bed, lull su e box spring and mat 

, eg I cabinet good cand 494-5926 
B E A U T IF U L P L A N T S , R e n itr- kobly Priced! 453-46)9__________ 
2 Beautiful red sculptured high tow carpets, like new Approx. 
14 6 X114", 1o 2x11 Also Beau titui red drapes, like new Rea sortable otters accepted 274 7389, 
Of otter hp 1 ft>4 1921 
Bedroom suite Bv Stanley, excet- lent 1 ondiiion 673 4974_________ 
Bads, NMB, lull and queen sue, chest, b e d ra e m se ts. E a r ly 
American sofa, coffee, end tables, I other solo, choirs, recliner, book case, encyclopedia, chino hutch, 
D uncan Phyte table. 4 ch airs, j buffet, dinette, pushbutton elec 
Steve 337 7 1 » ________________ 
Bed, twin Kitchen table with for­ m ica top Floor butter Asserted toots 824-6725 
Bicycle, men s 26" 3 speed Good condition $3$ 692 2414__________ 
Bicycle, Schwinn boy $ ><F! New k n o b b y w heels, M o t o r -c r o s s 
ODOM neck 344-6626_________ 
Bicycles, 2 IBspeed mea s, $46 ta til 3828 ofter Sum _________ ___ 
Bird with cage and stand $12. bos 
Stove $1$, aquarium $12 $34 JOSI artar I sot ond Sun oil ea, 
Cabinets tor Curios, 2 tao J *mi oil glass fronts Cedar chest. $4$ 
TV Art 6.6*4 3366_______________I 
C am ara, 35mm V o sh ic a L yn x 
SOME range linger, 1(1.8 tens, 
1o8oth soc In case Excel cong 
*78 F ir id fc e screen 341 i n s 
Cornett sh att CWB, fully lined, tog 
»ent excellent condition. 648 o579 
Cerectile Tabletop Dishw asher used I mos STO 3 Ail wool double sued btoakeiv $? so eg s i) 1451 
CB base Boyce 1-446 S$B with 
$il 8o SJM M isc equip. 451 IS IS arter s JOpm______ ___________ 
C E IL IN G FA N S 2 lop shupi, $)Jo each 654-8234 
__________ _ 
Chair, green velvet, $188 Cocktail 
•obi*, $58 Slatted cocktail table, lie Portable elec rooster. »28 
341-71$) fem 8am _____________ 
44 C H U R C H P E W S , 36 it Ion*, made of birch wood, not nodded but with podded kneelers Coli 
513 824 o139 tan Antonio 

Gotnesboroah, 344-2979 
3 in I table bumper pool, card and dining table, SISO firm Con­ temporary la hanging lamp, SSO. 
I custom cornices. 
*35 
#o . 
456-7679 
King red velvet headboard, beds aread, night stands, se cretarial chest, dresser, chest of draw ers 
45$ t m . _________________ __ 

Men and 
B U W . 
Sw ingline zigzag, tike new. wills a tta c h m e n ts a n d c a b in e t $7$, 
349 3o83 or 341 o98______________ 
Tea Service. Coffee, c re am e r, su g a r bow l, tray 1847 R o g e r s 
Bro s $89 Golf clubs ladies $25. 
Beach umbrella with stand *2o 
684 8349 

B a b y Ite m s, 1 
Clothes Misc. 7415 M eadow Cliff 
484 4473. SAT A N D SU N O N L Y !1 
G A M A G E S A L E Sat and Sun 439 
W esthitl off Babco ck. 735 o224. 
Fu rn itu re , clothes, hou seh old 
Items, appliances, funk-and-iunk and imports. 
1 d A fe A G i S A L E 
B ra ss fittings, a c o u s tic a l c e illn g -a lu m in u m h a n g in g strip , clo th in g, panel h eater, a ir c o n d itio n e r, d is h ­ w a sh e r. w a s h e r -d r y e r , h e a d ­ boards, mattresses, plaster paris, desk, lam ps, gam e s, household m is c e lla n e o u s, 318 F a n ta s ia , 
Harm ony Hills 
G A R A G E i A L E 
Thor and F n 
Only Several Fam ilies, No Sale 
Before 9 am 84oo Deer Haven. 
(Foothills off 
Callaghan 
Rd) 
344 6824________________________ 
G A R A G E i A L E 
G oing To Ger m an y 361o C ro sse lte 9:ooam , 
12 13 March. 
H E R i t A C n i R M i 
S * a m .ii 
Sale Saturday O N L Y ', 1322 R IO 
L IN D A __________________ 
M onkey grass, 1oc, desk chair, misc 32o Club Dr., 734-oo88 

M o n te 
V is ta 
G a r a g e 
S a le , something for everyone Old fire­ p lac e m an tle , lib r a r y d o o rs , i chandelier, dryer, clothes (ladies, mens, childrens and m aternity), curtains, toys and more. Fri.-Sat. 
I 1o am to 3 pm. Cash Only. 1o2 E. 
H o lly w o o d __________ _________ 
Moving from home to o'oartmenf: electric dryer; triple dresser, 2 m atching nightstands; recliner; twin bed; reel to reel stereo tape re c o rd e r; d e sk , b e d s p re a d s ) misc 3177 Midoro, 455-1o48. 
N o rth w e st, 6318 R u e So p h ie , books, turn.. X m a s decorations tree, g a r d e n to o ls, fir e p la c e screen, la m p s, floo r p o lish e r, dishes, baby things, wosher. 
Thurs Sot_________________ 
San Pedro Hills- Shadow Clift and 
Creekside, Thurs on girl’s cloth­ ing. 8-1o. toys, m ow ers. $5 *1o, tables, chairs, lam p*, bikes, more 

PAY TOP PRICES 
For wrecked cor* ond Trucks 
A l A U T O P A R T S 
222 IOU 

•QUICK CASH* 
C A R S A N D T R U C K S 
R U N N IN G O R NO T! 226-2245 s £ L l I N 6 Yi>UR C A R ’ 
Hi p ric e s p aid for cle an c a rs- 
Trucks. etc 222 1342____________ 
TO P D O L L A R 1 
JU N K C A R S , T R U C K S . S C R A P . 
C A L L : 342 51o1 

B y O w n e r; 
Trailer, Self Contained, Like New, 
R e fr ig e r a t o r , 
S to ve , 
S in k , 
Chem ical Toilet, show er, M a n y 
Extras, Sleeps 4-5 Price $1985. 
653-18o7 
‘76 Cabover C am p er, sleep s 4, very clean, S99S 227-49)1 
C L d S E O U T S A L I, 1974 
C A M P IN G T R A V E L T R A IL E R S 
K C. T R A IL E R S 
5396 
71o W E ST A V E 
T F 

H arper Motor Co Cam perland 
24o1 S W. M ilitary 924-5514 
_______ 
Hrs. Mon Fri. 9-6. Sun: I 3o 6: 
’ 4| J 
J 
I Sth W heel trav e l traile r S i s 6o equity, refinance 649-2292.______ 
•76 2o S’ Travel traile r Selt-con- tained. Sleeps 6. Air. Used once. 
684 3526 
Travel trailer, 3o‘, tullv self con tained, air, patio doors, sleeps 6, monv extras, like new. A real buv- sa c rific e C an be seen at 1474 
Austin Hwy. 

735-3931 
E x ira 

USED CARS CLEAN 
SMITH CHEVROLET 
1221 B R O A D W A Y 
223-4283 
W A N T E 6 Datsun 24o-Z parts 
Arter 4 pm 342-4o16 
W A F T E D 
66-72 High ar Pop-top 
Von 733 9o56 
Wanted Lo buy, VW engine, 68 7o, 
16oo I7oocc. m ust be operable. 
684-o635, leave m essage tor Jon wfc B O Y U S E E CAfes-------- 
O R S IN G E R B U IC K CO 
4515 SA N P E D R O 
734-4221 

 do b e rm an cam pe r _ 
I Clean 
C o st 5485o. Se ll 5275o,1 
8am 6pm 
654 1382 after 
6pm 
824-3557 j 
76 Ford Van Comper, V-6, Stan dard 5ooo m r 923-1486 
24 P l 
A V I^ N T ra v e l T ra ile r 
Fully self-contained, air, steeps 4. twin beds, looks excellent M ust sell due to illness. 5297$. firm. 
227 2771. 
H A R P E R M O tO R c b 

I 1976 travel Frailer, sleeps 6, tullv contained, air 5438o, 341-5475. 
68 travet trailer 22’ patio door 

C A M P E R L A N D 
S A L E S ond S E R V IC E tor 
T E R R Y , T A U R U S , T W IL IG H T 
B U N G A L O W Travel Trailers and 
STh Wheels 
24o1 S.W M ilitary 924-554 
Mrs: Mon F N 9 6, Sun. 1:3o-6 
H E IM E R C A M P | r S A L E S 
San Antonio s Exclusive 
C O A C H M E N D E A L E R 924 8326 
I Ten! T ra ile rs T rave l T ra ile rs, 
; T ru c k 
C a m p e r s -M in i 
M o to r 
Homes STh wheel Trailers 
3329 S.W. M ilitary, w. of Somerset 
?6 imperia! cab over camper, i 1, 
• 4 locks, sleeps 4, tullv equipped. 
, Used twice, *1^5o, 695-9345 ___ 

Harper Motor Co Cam perland 
24o1 S.W MHitory-924 5514 
Two tro v e ! T ra ile rs Both Com pletely Self Contained will sell one 
Take your pick. One is 17’P", 22 1 z* 
1-569-3o76. 
(4) Used Pop U p-traile rs 
24o1 S.W Military 924 5514 
H rs M on Frl. 9:-6: Sun: 1:3o-6: 
U S E D V rh Wheel travel traile rT 
Harper Motor Co Cam perland 
24o1 S W Mllitory-924-5514 
Utility Box and Headache Rack 

M O T O R H O M E L E A S E C L U B 
L im ite d M e m b e rsh ip , up to 5 w eeks use per year. $125. per week. 17' Luxury M otor Home, 
822-o859 
M O T O R HOASE R E N T A L S Fully self contained. Rates by day or week-653 61o8________________ htatorhome Rental 
Sleeps 4-514o week pipe loc mile. 655 2252 
M ust tell, ‘73 motor home, loaded low mi sleeps 8 333-1773 
26* O P E t i R O A D M otor Hom e, law mi new tire*, extra nice. Best 
Otter 735-o773___________________ 
O P E N R O A D M otor Hom e with 
•69 Ford I ton chassis. Good con­ dition, new tires. 548oo. 333 oo38 from 3-Spm. 

 r A h M B E R G R V d E N t E f t 
Exclusive Dealer tor: Champion, 
Titan, L ife tim e M o to r H om es, 
Mini Motor Hom es 
2271 A U S T IN H W Y 
655-o251 

C A T A M A R A N S A IL B O A t 
Good cond. 523o. 824-275o 
24’"c h a m p io n M otor Hom e 
‘69 
F ord tru ck c h a ssis. E x c e lle n t cond. Fully contained. 24,ooo ml. 
Sleeps 6. 56,7oo. 922-9243 

D A Y S A IL E R , trailer, cover main and jib, p r e s e rv e rs, e x ce lle n t condition. 585o. 458 9128. 

REVCON 26 
Front wheel drive, Olds Toronado engine, 44.ooo m i All alum inum construction. One of the finest motor homes built. 517,8oo or reo sonable offer 
W ill be sold this month. 492-2436. 

RV SERVICE 
M IS S IO N T R A V E L C E N T E R 
13o6 Austin Hwy. 824-3248 l$74 Supe rio r m otor hom e 
51oo. W ill C o n s id e r tra d e for 
Sm all Truck Com per to Fit Toyo­ ta 
Long 
Bed 
P U . 
CAII 
Bill 
432 2o97 w e B it Y A L L Types of T rave l 
Trollers. Cart: M E L 924-5514 
......... 
73 W igw a m 
2i l, air, aw n in g , 
4 5ooKW a u x illa r y p o w e r 'unTt 

T F 
23,ooo mi. loaded with every op­ tion, like new condition. 653 8o97 
1*73 t l T A N 2 7 *L u x u ry M o to r home. 413 D o d ge m otor. O nan 

DON'S MARINE 
2931 Roosevelt. 924 8556 
‘76 Eb b tid e h igh p e rfo rm an c e b a ss boat, co m p le te ly lo ad ed , 
543oo atter 2: 675-2891___________ 
I* fctgin Boat Deep V Hull, 75hp 
Elgin Motor, Tilt T railer With 2 sets of skis. Life Jackets, 2, 5 gal tanks, $1ooo. 484-1126. 
59 F I fell R I* L IT E F ib e r g la s s 
Boat. 45 hp M e rc u ry outboard, good family boat, V-hutl Deepsid ed Needs tire and tune-up. SSoo 
658-8933.________________________ 
I Aft. D e ck B o a !, M ere. 8Shp 76 m odel with full w arran ty. New 
Large wheel trailer...53975. 
T E X - A L L B O A T , 222 9628 
1976 18ft. FunM aster, 8Shp M er c u ry , t r a ile r 
T a k e o v e r paym ents No equity. 923-1)15 
IS ’ /ft. ‘71 HiggsCrott, 1972, f-Ohp 
Johnson, o n ly tilt trotter in per­ fect cond 5175o. Steve 681-1431 
(w k d ay s) or 684-6oo6 (S u n d a y s 
O N L Y !) 
6vT9t r T H U *(b E ftB ife b Deep v 
F ib e rglass Boat with 16S Buick 
V-4, O M C O utdrive. L o o k s and runs perfect. 52975. firm. 227 2771 
‘76 Fun-Master IS ’ SOtip M ercury 
*4oo 
Equity. 

 spare. 53ooo. Will trade for larger 
Airstream or Holiday. 842 C o m a e 
Drive. j 
8x35 Spartan travel trailer, cleam good shape, 5225o 574 N W W 
White Rd. Pearce Trailer Park 

Carpeted, a ir conditioned, Full b ath a n d sh o w e r. la r g e re frige ra to r- freezer, sle e p s I, 
H a s very low m ileage. 511,ooo firm price. Colt 1-557-5774, Seguin. 
Tx 

Galv. 
Trailer, 
454-1589, 
21’ b la sp a r-ta b ln , sleeps 7, 11s hp, depth tin d e r, p ort head, trailer,532oo 454-3837 ofter 6. 
75 d ia s tro n in board- o u tboard boat with ski accessories, notip 
Volvo engine 698 2335. 

YOUR GUIDE TO DEPENDABLE SERVICE 
> ; 
EXPRESS-NEWS 
SERVICE DIRECTORY 

TO PLACE ADS IN THIS DIRECTORY CALL 2 
2 
5 
- 1 
6 
9 
6 

934 roSIWESS DIRECTORY 

K in g siz e bed, 3 sets of linens, b e d sp re ad , 52oo, g ir ls - la d ie s clothes 655-497o ofter 6 

Duncan Phyte couch, m ahogany table, 4 choirs, buffet, bunk beds, re frig e ra to r, L az y B o y, c h in a cabinet, twin beds, couch, chair, maple dinette, bedroom suite. 
448-2492 
________________ 
E a r ly A m e ric a n Svtle, couch- chair, perfect condition 
V e ry 
Rec sonable 922 3o37___________ 
E a r ly A m e ric a n so fa b e d and m atching sw ivel rocker, new ly 1 upholstered til 2)23__________ 1 
Electrephomc B S R Turntable end compo net Unit $139.9$ Smith Cen struction 349 4177_____________ 
Encyclopedias— sets of Book* of 
Knowledge, Americana, Science, 
H i l i l ! _______________________ j 
Ethan Alien 42m round table, I leof. m aple fin ish , 7 m atch in g a r m c h a ir s . 
I yr. old, $3oo ! 
Decorator armchair, leather with handfulved French frame. SJOO 
Miscellaneous oarage sate items 
o22-3994._______________________ j 
Fairly New Frame, M attress and 
Box Springs $5o 696-5o88 
F ig u r in e s A ll T y p e s D is c OC- copied Japan 635-8812__________ 
Fisher stereo changer on lop. 2 speakers cost 52*9 tor S U I. Kirhv vacuum cleaner 
9xcelle«t 
$75 
224-3791 
_______________ l l FO O T SO FA , good condition, 
$75 655 1o61 
For Sale New W ards IO ti Side bv 
Side 
Refrigerater-F reeler 
468-4198 
Four Chair Dinette Set, Avocado ond G old $5o 
12x15 B lu e and 
White Shag Rug. $9o Single M oi tress, Box Sp rin gs and Fram e, 
Bros* Headboard $$8. 654 1776 

FREIfiHT SALVAGE 
Bent Steel PNM 

F ibeigiass Tubs A Shewers 

Water Heaters 
Steel Tubs 
Caci Iron Tubs 
Sinks Lovof atones 
Many Other Items 

K in gsize Bed, never used, still p a c k a g e d , e x tra firm (W o rth 
$48o) com plete $178. D elive ry. 
Usually home 484-8134. 
(5) Kirby Vacuum s rn box with attachments 
77 models. Regular 
$379.9$ s a c r ific e 
*218 OO delivered. Lost apt deal Austin, 
1-451-72*8 
__________ _ 
Kroutlier Queens:;* Sleeper Sofa 
USO 
7 Swivel rockers $$8 ea. 
684-1448 
________ 

Three R ab i! Hutches ^ section 
Stove, Dishes, High1 Chanv M en * ea I custom built Excellent cen dition. $78 ea. 736 1869 f 6 R O l a w n m o w e r , 2t ‘' sell propelled, $8o 655-8788 
TrTpT dresser, $1o6, m atch in g bed tables. $6o, lo u n ger, 55o; color TV, *12$; large coffee tab!*. 
$48. dinette set, 5125, 342 6955 trundel bed-^econ wood, drawer style lower bed, excellent condi­ tion 515o 684 o488 m o i 

Clothes. Etc 674 8o4o, 675 8347 
Super Rum m age Sale: given bv 
W om en W o rk e r fo r C h r is tia n 
Edu catio n S a tu rd a y , M a r. 12, corner of Canton-New Braunfels 8 til ? 
______ 
S U P E R R U M M A G E S A L E : F ri and Sat Only la m 6pm E vtryth - mg Must Go 3516 N Mum 

 tru n d le bed, excel cond tress, like new 51oo 734 5948 
TV it x t l black and white, 4 yrs eld, geed cond 575 223 8163 
Twin Beds, box W i n g and M ai- tress, $ drawer chest, very good 
Lady Kenm ore Dishw ashe r $7 5, 
Schwinn U speed bih ejii21, 2nd IO j tonqltlon *,75 213 2o67 speed needs repair $28, Full Size 
#...... 
,, 
Pina Pone table 525 658 5o2o 
T y p e w rite r 
IB M se le c t ne pay m aster-teve*eat. 
Ping Pong Toble $25 658-5828 
LAW N M O W E R S Self propelled 
54o Sm all rider $75 438 O rchard 
L e a v in g Slate; M u st Sell P r a c ­ tically New Living Rm Bedroom 
Furn J yr old W hirlpool 3 cycle w a sh e r, tw in bed a n d ch e st, console G E Stereo. M a n y other items 313-2IS4. ~ 
Like new to e steve dinette set. vacuum cleaner, galvanized iron budding, 655-8299 
Linear amplifier, 7$ watts. Never used $175 684 5835_______ _____ 
Louis X V desk M agn ifice nt re­ production. W os 52488, now 51588 
492 2848 
‘L ‘ Shaped office desk with chair, mopte bed and dresser 484-2192 
M agic Chef Dishwasher, Full Size 
Box Springs and M attress, End 
Toble 494 71o4_________________ 
M agic Chef electric range, never used, M io 454-1348. 

 m e t a l detector. M ini-Pro. uke new. $158. 927-3948_____________ i i mm Minolta SR T tot, complete with casa, strobe hash, used very 
6i*4o7epen*”te 42x81, 4 chairs, IJS lith* $288 For tutor coll 349 8444. j f J,JT 433 3988 
74 Motorola Color TV Console 2 yr w arran ty on p a rts $458 or best Ofter 673-/589, 6/1 2723. 
Moving Must sell' Double lounge chairs $1)8 441-5752___________ 
M oving Must sell' 76,o88 BT U air cond 
I yr Old, $258 , 34 ) 6544 

 checkwritc 
! 714 -1881 
. 
! 

 u n i t e d H e i g h t s a l e s 
NO. I 
................ 1o4 E. L A M A R 
NO 2 .. 1o41o P E R R IN B E IT E L , 
Fine Furniture 
Fraction of retail 
Used (ok Combination Refngero- tor Freezer 
Good 
Cond 
$4o 
I 671-5449 
" S E f t h # a v 'V 
1 Bldg term* free delivery 
732 517). 

I 
U s e d O ffic e F u r n it u r e 
D esks, ch airs, typ e w riters, ad ding machines. M ore! 149-2474 
' 
'U V I 6 R E F R i G E R A \ o S F ~ 
C E N T R A L S E R V IC E CO 
787 W E S T A V E , 734 423/ 
U sed lA x ll M o r g a n R e ^ B a rn 
Terms. Free Del /32 5171 
V e ry old G e r m a n h a n d c r a ft books, 193o 194o cookbooks, <9oo burning light globes. 3 pc. M cC oy leo set, electric old brass lamp. other old coWeclors 
Rems. 
I SII-1447. 
W aln u t G r a m F o r m ic a io b ii 

1 2 4 -o 6 7 ? 

M oving M ust se ll seta, tove-teof. lam ps coffee table and end ta 
Oles ort sam 3J3 43*4 

F resh O ran ge s and G rap e fru it 
Wholesale Call. 513-2483. 5 38am 
I M o m ond 6 JOpm 
IO JOpm 
Frtgidaire automatic 
|48_______ 
________43$ 3817 
Furniture Appliances )*w e iry 
All Applications approved with repair eg dPwn payment Coll Im g * g « i fu rn m t m 4U Brady 
G as clo th es dryer, J mhjni senti 
!»?d 1 rocker 458 7643 
Coffee table set, elegant 3 piece with inlaid rn ab ie lop G ram * eon) finish bose Excellent cond $135 
77) 471) days er 655 r n ? eves end 

_ 
' r 
* 'G i n * l l speed, highchatr. petty 
(o iK tfe r wants Germen Military seat, double m a ttr e s s a n d idem *, WWl and w w n including s p r in t s , k itch e n (a b le an d 4 
Regimental Beer slim s 655 3841 b la in 673 5564 

41 Gibson E t 125 Tune a m afic 
Shatters H ard Shell Case P lu s 
Gibson Skylark Am# and acce* 
All tai $346 471 MO) 

Colored TV, I* • portable $13$. 
Black and white portable 
$45 i 713-8742______________________ _ ester TV Console Bec Cond 512$. 
534 8935 
___________ ________ 
•Color TV 21" P C A Console” '! '* cellent Condition t i l l 342 3174. ort 6 492 28/4 
___________ 
COLOR TV $95 Retrigerelor $65 
Beth working peed 974 /lh 
C o u ch and Lovescuf. Bed end 
Dresser 
Reasonable fives 
655 6713 
_ 
O a i g F M I track, tieorm aunt deck Excellent $65 82888)4 
18 co It C h e st Fre e ze r $95 
2 
Couches $45. ea Yap Haul Cash 
OII 6987 

G lass lank. approx 168 tenons, with scenery, ideal for reptile huh to! V,v 435 /43* oh tam 
G O O D Y E A R New Tire o78 U $35 
Texas instrumeni Calculator $5 
Set at W attle Talkies $$ l l gal 
Aquarium l i t ti Gel Aquarium with w ro u gh t iron sta n d 548 
P o lice R e c e iv e r $58 
P io n e e r 
R e v e rb e ra to r A m p lifie r *75 
Electric heater $15, Thurs -fun. 
2424 Wgteefka 
___________ 
Greenhouse. 8x12. fib e rg la ss , 
* 2 ^ n o m * $556 S55 1749 
G U IT A R , Ovation, round bock, 
Ut * ! g . T . i m SSL K H 
Hercuten couch, leveseat, 1 coffee 
•elbe ana I end tables, an weed 
517$, *5/ 14$$ 

Se ti' P ing pong dishes, (lethe*, many misc. items. 
Thurs Sun 2424 W ot*elko 
M U S T S E L L ' B lack letherett* choirs Cost *75 ta Sell $18 *o 
341 8134 day* 349 3383 eve* 
New Ben Hogan a ort irons, wan in tournam ent, never u se d V a lu e 
S SOO matte one, tit //cs 

O ak a n tiq u e d re ss e r-3 7 1 ; 
Mahogany bed *48 rocker *38; 
_____________________ 
OFFICE CHAIRS 
E x e c u tiv e . 
S e c r e to r y , 
O c casion al upholstered, vin yl and genuine leather AH beautiful 
Over 288 chairs to cheese from 
Priced from I* 5o and up. I D I 
Besee Rd , / l l 7347. 734 3881 

OFFICE FURNITURE 
Everything M ast Gel I 
D E S K S , C H A IR S 
C R E D E N Z A S . C U B IC L E S , E T C . 
Co* to see, 734-2894_______ 

W A N T EE) 
JAeVeir W a r fir oike "Alai con be padlocked r S3 1651_______ 
W a sh e r, o u io m rtic K e n m o re ! goad cond S4$. S tg c iric dryer, 
$48 433-47o4____________________ washer, till', bu. mg k ayak. $#6! 
Darkroom equipment, $8$ All like new 4818184 
W ashing" mac hut# $Jf, iignoture 
Deluxe with Ugh) 537 9/o9 
W ashing machine, I I I . king size 

93o • MERCHANDISE WA tm ll 

Antiawes, Appliances, Furniture 
WE PAY MORE 
Estates. Anything el vatu*., from one piece to houseful Coll: 
342-475$ Anytime 
Est. 1949 
Buying late model refrigerators, freezer* needing repair 341 1845. 

CAMERA EXCHANGE 
Buy, Sell, Trade. Repair 
5322 SAN P E D R O 
828 2377 
C A S H for w a sh e rs: K enm ore, 
Whirlpool needing repair. 
I 724-8719 
CA SH For your Used Piano 
_______224 / I I I ar 224 1182 
D IA M O N D S 
: williams, 227-8782. 158 E Heutten 
] From someone who delivers: be- droom suite, hide-a-bed 534 448o 

~ I’LL BUY ANYTHING 
T H A T D O E S N 'T B A T H ! 
C A L L J IM L IS T E R 
' 
433-248o or 633 o348 
•JOE P A Y S C A SH * 
For used furniture and w orkm e 
! appliance* 923 1942, 927-8845 
Student buys port block and white tv's in need Of repair, 412 5572 
I arter tem 
TO P C A S H P A ID tor your Old newspaper and corrugated A AB 
I CO Paper 
434-8481 

A D D I T I O N S 

REMODELING 
C O M P L E T E F IN A N C IN G 
F R E E E S T IM A T E S 
C & S LUMBER 
4447 R O O S E V E L T 
924 4S54. 924 1557 

C A R P E T S A L E S & 
S E R V I C E 

T T c T e o n i na S p e c ia l l i v i n g room, dining room , *22.5o 9x12 loose rugs 
$1o 5o, 
227-1914, 
725-83o1. 
C a r p e t c l T a n i'R S ’ s ^ E C io ir 
Sham pooing or steam cleanm avail For Free E s t , call 475 anytime. 
“W l T E f t C A M P IT 

 m ing 
> o748 

924 1o58 or 226 8244 

Stock 
SIS Cerolvo 

W A N T E D p h i** A lso bi desk Men Fri. 734 

A fr ic a n g a m e fro bear ru g s R oll tag 
287S. 
WANTED 
Color TV needing repair 
Must be reo sonable 
92/ 7484 

A N T I Q U I N G 

A N ilb O lN ^ Free (Estimate* 
GuauinteedBeautitulMI24^$7* ^ 

A S P H A L T 

A’s Pit'ALT A IT 1™ 
N (ii A nE> 
PATCHWORK We do driveways, gravel work, No 1ob tao big or loo small Free estimatgs Call J A P 
ASPHALT CO. 474 7264 
I Specializing rn asphalt parking lots, driveways, seal coating, etc, 
F r e ^ *tim a te s ^ 8 ^ 8 7 4 
^ ^ ^ ^ 

A S P H A L T C O N C R E T E 
W O R K 

^rr^RTcfitWT^^ouncn lion pa tios, asphalt driveways. Parking 
! Lots. Lit banded 534 1448 
All types of Concrete Work j 
Rafael, 924 7493 
Cemenl Conslriiction Fed wood design patios, sidewalks, driveways, all types of flat work 
Hove Irowel will travel, 534-48/3 
I ioncrele, all types, foundations, drive ways, patios, call day ar gut, Froe Est 735 13o4, 732 7413 dontrele, brick and roc I: worlT. 
Patios, driveways, tounduhons 
732 $4)6 Pf 435-4449, call Richard 
Coni r eft, paiio- driveways tree est Guerrero. 924-7777 done role, polios, walks, drives, additions Winier Prices Free estimate*. Frank, 33$ 1948 discount on ait ether#!*, rack anil masonry work. Dane new 

B A B Y S I T T I N G 
C H I L D C A R E 

IE i 
734 5478 in my house, Blanco 
Bbbvsrthns i Rd area, 73 
Childcare in my Kerne, rea*. rates, 2 3yr elds, 734 369/ 
Childcare in my home, days only, 
Kingsbereueh area, 927-4158 
CHILbdAftE TH "MY HOME 
Friday. NE area, 

D IR T SAND G R A V EL 
F I L L - T O P S O I L 

I TOP SOIL 
SAND, GRAVEL 

F I R E & B B Q W O O D 

T T o rg o n iT iv e rY T o n S Y T ^ e M iS I* and Arizona Ash 55o. 714-7559 
Firewood bv Iriicktoad Spilt, del ond stocked tor 525. 924-6926 
Firewood (heop bv cub seoul* 
I 
484-4233. gfl&D w6 6 b Vou"ha5r; -i 4Fc'o73: 
We Deliver, SSO, guaranteed full cord 922-9441. 
6 ak # Ire W O G 6 dlean sea saned I year, Delivered, stacked, 
$45 cord (Get it before next winter’s prices gets you I. 
I 995 2522 ar I 995 865/ ________ 
Alant to iuy: 4 leo! Green HicV- ory wood 226-7331 

L A W N C A R E 

 p fm flT gn BM T T !K T n n ?T ar« S down trees Call Pete, 333-5/o8. 

R E M O D E L I N G 

M I L D E W R E M O V I N G 

NOUSEWASHING 
341 2918 

M I R R O R R E S I L V E R I N G 

OLD MIRRORS RFSILVFRED 
Fast, Low Cost, Expert Work 
Discount to the trade' 

MIRROR WORLO 
728 W. Hildebrand 
734-4191 

A Custom Remodeling and 
Designer Serv. 5 A T CO 
814 /488 Arter 4. 824-8794. 

Additions, paneling, formicc t annul work, tree est . / i t ooo6 

R O O F I N G 

A Complete Roofing Service. 
Coatings for ell roofs. Guaranteed 
Workmanship Prices you can at ford. Free Est. 654-8166 
C A H ROOFING CO We do hie tab right th* first tim* New roots, roof 1 epairs of OH type*. Frte est 
455-1o19, 

Free Est 824 oftng 
-1532 

Monday thru i 655-9721_____________________ 
CHILDCARE My home. North east Mon Fri Any ope. 655 4448 
Excellent child car# in my home 
Lakeside areg 648 2584 
1 a Flu rd biti!/sitting In my nuniel day, wk, or month, J34-o215 
Reg T h in c a rt in my home, 
3 rn os 5yrs al age, 333 24o2______ 
Keg childcare in my heme, per- 
■ onol attn any age. Oft Nacoa- doches Rd *57-1719 
REGISTE(i#D Babysitting at my home anytime Next lo lh* Amer­ icana, 623-3888 

MOVING Ta Apartment Must ______ _______ _ 
_______ a tables, turmturg, i spread’ with mate bing drape*, 
$18; 68I-2884 
I w ebD iiiir b f f i f r T ue v w w r long flowing veil, Mig new, $125 
I 733 1731________________________ 
*■ i,i ie dress and veil. size Lf 
SIO# 696 3453___________________ 
J wheel adull Schwinn bike, FuILT tub sink, 4 dears, stave, sofa, 
I chair, matching caff eg 7 end ta bl#*, very rags Coll all day Surt- dov. Mon Tues offer Spni *96 44oo 
I If/radilhE W E H tb t*, Everything 
For Sale Cart. art 6pm and Before 
8 88 am *24 2698 
U t fe v e r e d > wK^I TroKer.' ilf T 
111 7948 

929 m w SAUS 

 a h o U ' ^ ' t h V - pT O i " 
SQI Sun 5347 Blonco Rd 
; i drawer cit** 
TSTY 

 fur stand 484 $835 
Old It" roll lop desk restored $458 734 5 783 
$ ' roll, 

One Lavatory and commode in geed condition, cheap 223 19/4 
___ 
Oscilloscope for sale, fexironi* 
53* Dug! Trace *55 2323 
Peavey FA system, I micro phene, I May Guitar $68* Cali 
: 471 2418 arter lpm 

 drawer c it*ti i i i . wiclier breakfast table si*, clear ginger tar lamp $28, coffee table SIO and 
1 mere furniture Queen size beds oread and sheets set* Women s clothing lr sue / and 9 , misses sue I and I* Record albums, fleer pillows, ottomans etc 
I loam tom Sot Sun only, I I I W. 
Mistletoe 721 1731 j 
I ' T,. 
Elko 618 string and piano synthe suer, tetany polyphonic keyboard, 4 channel output*, strings, ceUes, clavichord end piano 4 mo old Steve 22* 4112 days *94-8339 aft * 

WANTED 
Heavy duty shag worktable 731 5519 
WAN IE O 
STEEL 
POSTS 651 6583 _____________ 
W A N T E D 
W orking or not work mg refrigerators. 
435-1558. 
671-7478. 
; 
WANT TO AUY eld gasoline ond eil advertising, eld signs, gas pumps globes, etc 654 4879 lift buy Furniture, Appliances 
Estates Antiques Glassware etc 
BE8T PRICES PAID 
532-6641 
453 3714 anytime, 455-4434 eves. 
JOHN A ROWLAND BARNES 
I . censed gpd Bended Buytn _ 
WE PAY CAIN 
Far Good Used Furniture 
FAWCETT FURNITURE m o r g a n - 
. m . * m 

 est Anytime 224 8459. SII $7)8 ivewavs, 
___ 
Batlet, 11 w a lk *. __ 
____ f e n c e ' w T m t ° 9§7n1 sT.e,°' b,do‘ CoM I r r y gffTTLfffB' V F S IT X b II f e n c e I VZZ sirs or t h ss** f a r m TOPSOIL D ELIVERY 
] AVAILABLE *84 l t / 3. 
All lypes dirt, sand, 

F O U N D A T I O N S 

ATToundafiorrT^U*rTTveHn^ 
Foundation Repair, Expe rie nce ond Reliable, 122 171$. 

Doors dragging/ 
Walls cracking? 
All types foundation repairs 3o yr* experience Alt work guar-' anteed Call anytime, 534-411o 
Foundu!.on repairs, ftuaranteed work 38 yrs experience. Free 
Est 313 9784__________________ 1 

Foundation Specialist 
All types pl foundation repairs. 
Low prices, high quality work 
COH anytime, 
ABC 
CONST., i 
333-4814 
Foundation leveling und repair i f ood work at a goad price Free stimates 924 t n t 

H O U S E L E V E L l P i d 
THE IRISHMAN 
I i YEARS EXPERIENCE 
Note Never toke the hrs! price* I 
317-4248 anytime 517 18 and 333 9oS1 or 
734 7511 
Reliable man fa"'do foundation re*pair* and house leveling Solis faction guaranteed. Ne lob to small COH 4$*^S71 

P A I N T I N G , P A P E R I N G 
P L A S T E R I N G 

Y P o m p T e t e T a T M m T T e T n c e * j int Ext. Price* you con afford 
1 454-o244 
A" Garcia Painiing foniroctor 
Free Est Int Ext 714-7846 
GERHARDTS 533 7149 

C U S T O M M A D E S H E A T S 

Custom m a S iT sh e e T in R frT o in Y king or queen beds. Tricot ar your t r o c e o t i a b o c ^ l e i l O L ^ ^ ^ ^ 

D I R T - S A N D G R A V E L 
F I L L - T O P S O I L 

A A A brad# lawn ond goTdenrErT 
/ day deity 
D U G I T R U C K IN G 
ICO jug. 
_ _ _ _ _ 
A BBT ron. A ll types dirk sanT- 
F ra g gravel Year round dg( 43$ 415/ 

R E L I A B L E 
E S T I M A T E S on 
P a in tm g -P a p e rlh g . She etro ck, 
Window G lass. R epairs, Budget. 
Term s 1*12 S. H ackberry 

P A I N T I N G 

A T in u rT fT T n T T n 'gT fo n T raT fo r! 
In t E x t , 
A c o u s tic c e ilin g s , 
435 1348. F rag E slim o le s________ 
H A N D M A N P A IN T C b (Pain! in* Contractor) 517o Broadw ay, 
828 8o5o Ins . ref letters filar IV * 1 de 
P A I N T IN G 
W IT I 
P R IO E 
Free B tl 814-457* 
P A ilW lN O ^ b flT B A C T O R Int' 
E x t 
G e n e r a l R e p a ir s 
F re e 
Estim ates 
Gilbert 
Perkins. 
912 <485 

G R A V E L S H IN G L E Replace #r 
Repoir Stop Looks 333-1885 
R oo tin g, go o d w ork at a go o d puce Free estimates 924 6926 

S E W I N G M A C H I N E 
R E P A I R S - S E R V I C E 

G uai anteed Repair Service All 
M akes Free in shop estimates 

S H E E T R O C K 

S h e etro rking. Tape Flo at with 
I A c o u s tic a l C e ilin g M o n lt r r e v 
Texton* 735-1861_____________ _ 
T o p in g F lo a tin g T e xto n e an d 
*-t ut.sin.ai ReosonoW a. S I* 8818 

T R E E S E R V I C E 

Cut, T rim , H a u l T re e *. F r a g 
Estim ates 
J E S S IE . 433 7/58 er s a m 
________________________ 
Trees cut, sprayed, hauled away. 
Col Deign*, 531 /876 
T R E E S , 
H E D G E S 
Cut-Trim Haul 
D A V IS 711 18)3 F O L K S 694 8o96 

 s t o n d e e w i r s t b n r c i 
I M O N E Y , 534 2947, 7dy», 92) 4*64 

 f p e H a r n 'l no c o n c re te , driveways, patios, walks, luanda lions, ole. 
Free 
Estim ates. 
6*1 o874. 

LOW price* B K mylin 
ME! quality concrete work Coll anytime, M r Concrete, 
SE H A B L A E S P A N O L , 223 S**7, 
223-SI IS 

C A B I N E T M A K E R S 

Vonetv iTTusTurii ! ubirieK and w e ad w o rk 
R e fe re n c e s a v a il 
Frag est. s i) $489 

C A R P E N T R Y 

•caval, jim t onefold, Norths»d8, 343-3448 
A t rich lo o s o il. m lx e d lo a rn, sand, a ls* lawn and garden ter filizer bv load Caw manure, any time. 137-4454 

 r e r s T i N - e T n r e g r r g T - s s i r 
Bes! Q ualily, also sand fop sail m ix 
O P E N 
I V E R Y 
O A Y 
♦35 9129, 433 1484 b irl topsoil ia n d G rave l Le«m ." 
Roy Hendrix Delivered 341 3444 b o o d to p so il deity la m lp m 
414 4524, 
Even and weekends 
684 58*2 

G A R D E N I N G 

 e n s lR IS Y V l eosonubie "rotes" 

H A U L I N G A M O V I N G 

Muolinu 'arui inov inYwlYITpicIuJp truck, 47) 5*49 
“ itA u L iJ fb k U b s i m F u n r ~ 
Hove 7 1, San flacks S il l 141 
H auling, m o vin g and free Irim ruing have 11; tun truck, ti I 516o 
I ig ti lia u tm g fstn n o te s Haul away scrim metal tree 923 4411. 
L lC T T H A U L IN G AN O ^ O v 'i'Ni ; 
I piece or house full 
D ay ar Nile 
A P T M O V IN G S P E C IA L IT Y 
454 57o5 

Fainting IS yrs experience Fret 
Est Ne tab to smoii Clean wark 
533-4119 ar 126-91)7._____________ 
P E R E Z A SO N S P A IN T IN G 
Interior Exterior 
Free 
Bel. 

P L U M B I N G 

 f^ JasJe r Plum ber re m o d e lin g 
C a ll 
731 5414 or 435-4449 

R epairs ana 
R ic h a r d 

Tree* Rim m ed cheap 
____________914-4414___________ 
T re ts trimmed, tapped rem ove 
Stj|mjg2MNoulih|ijg 4 ^ 2 J 2 j> fM ^ ^ 

T V R E P A I R S - R E N T A L S 

F R B * E S T IM A T E S . / D A Y S 

Y A R D W O R K 

We Pay More Cash 

A Carpenter from Reefing ta 
Job Too S m a ll) F rte E st, 

In Need of Jo b s 
Foundation No 
^ 
„ 
All 
Work Guotanteed 917 5614 

Fee Thai Good P lan * 
A iem plete M ofnienaiu# W v ic e . 
That you ar# not using. P le a s* C a rg e n try , R e e fin g 
A ll ty p ts repair* P ric e s you cen afford 
Free E st *54d)*4 
Additions, repairs, painiing Free eslimeles 655 8483 
A ll lypes carpentry work'!1 A lta roofing, p a in tin g, sa l: slu r lion gu a ra n to r. 
Na lob tee sm all 
, 454-1571. duality c'orpenfr'v work 

 call M r Leon at 111 $1,SI 
Want Ads 

F o r g x tra cash, sail those gcMf c lu b * . , n o w ! 

C a ll 2 2 5 - 1 6 6 6 

 war 
Elf. experignca. Fro# E s guaranteed 333 9284 

To yrs 
AU work 

GRADE A SOILS 
IOO -- O ' genii oily mixed Topsoils and Com post Also, we deliver, sand, gravel, loam, cho) etc 
LOW P R IC E S , call 922 8116 i r m r f w w c ----------- 
M HW, 4*4-4294 lo ad in g topsoil and sandy learn! below 41o on Somerset Rd to Hid den Valiev. We also deliver HS, 
[ j g i t y fT 
Sand. grovel, (absoil, ! 7 yard s 
M 6 v lM # 'i""i v e o r* 'experience" delivered. 432 1182. 
COH Gail arter I: JO 73* 5835. 
Specialize in rich Topsoil, i o n ! I wmmmmt 
,i,,d 
/it* 
L A N D S C A P I N G 
Tap Soil, G r a v e l D e liv e r and 

S B R * ond 
N E 
4>41,o411 

 fo p so ili so ii civ foam. son j! [ ffiV W f C1 M TV 6 P H V I 

T U K S T MOVlliG CO. 
M ovin g? CO N*** stuienl, J years exp reas , free estimates Lance, 
496 449$ arter I 66 

 gravel 
I 22-8858 driveway matgrtal. 

M ‘ I I : ■ j • J " - w 
- : : 

 j * I 
J 
2 LINES 
6 DAYS 

O A K 
T R E E S 
F O R 
! m T * 2 * o | t i9 2 5 3 4 lJ 
S A L E 

D. I. N P L U M B IN G , residential and comm ercial repairs, tree es 
I tm ates Cart 454 3857 __________ 
DO YOU N E B O A P L U M B E R / 
Reliable Banded >14 o741 
M A S T E R P L U M B E R W ITH LOW 
O V E R 
H E A D 
>18 TO 
H r. 
U«bA*qd Bended 653 3427 
P lu m bin g Repairs, Rem odeling, 
Additions, Reasonable, Free Est. I 
434-4489, 
______________ 
We answer Jour roll tort! Sewers, leaky faucet*, waler beaten, any type repair or new intlallution 
Texas Plum bing Co . inc 41B A 
Br. , un tiny tun,- u t VS 

P L O W I N G 
B U L L D O Z I N G 
E X C A V A T I N G 

C U S T O M G A R D E N P L O W IN G 
* m , l I H 
! WG ^ u la n d cleaning and rggt plowing, new j d equipment, any- sue reb, 1 

R E F R IG E R A T O R FR E E ZE 
R E PA IR S 

R ^ r f r ^ n r T r r r ^ T T m i iv $4 N S HW only 4*4 *l|| 

C o m m e rc ia l. R e s id e a lia l le ts deaning, hauling, trees trim med l i i J i I i _______________________ 
O m en dable Y o rd m a n , Flow er beds, Light Haul, General dean 
IRE. 2244461 
Law ns, cuN rim m ed'-yacuum eB- 
CqM anytime. S i ) 943S__________ 
P r o fe s s io n a l y a r d w o r k , tre e trim m ing, fertitiring. la n d sc a g m g, flow er beds, s p r a y in g et yards, reasonable prices, 
341 5 
4 
3 
4 
______________ 
Trees, Lawns, Hedges, Trim m ed ond Hauled Reasonable 53; o741 
W ill de vttrdw ofB, R e a so n a b le p r ic es 648 So28________________ 
Y a r d W a rk , S p r a y in g , T re e 
Trimming hoo'ina S32 S74S 

Y o u ’ll be am azed at the extra m oney you get w ith W ant 
Ad s! 

2 2 6 - 1 6 6 o 

NON COMMERCIAL! 
C A M C I t l A i l * 
WITHOUT 
- mssmn 

\wmmm 
8o2 MOTOR HOMES SALESMEN! 
IF p u r*€ THINKING ABOUT 
A NEW K O O K HOME, 
THINK FAST. 

E x p re ss-N e w s— 
Friday, M a rc h I I, 1 9 7 7 
Thirteenth 

D O G S — 
P E T S D CS 

,914 
'814 ANTIQUES 

A N T IQ U E A U C T IO N 
Sunday, M ar. 1), 1:3o P M 
G a ry 's Antique Auction House 
Lockhart, Tx. 
Call 3oo-37o1 j T C if ia a t V H * $ 6 « h M E ------- 
Short D rive North 
7 friendly shops In our area 
A n tiq u e T o a ste r B e ^ ; an tiq u e rosewood sofa; O rville C a rr sofa. cost SISO, SOI! SISO. 82o-5ooo, 

B E S S ' A N TIQ U ES soso Old Sequin Rd., oQ 155I? b ro m e busl, stoned V a n b e rStro ten, l l " , orlqlonal 
Patina. 
733-777S. 

 b b V - s f e L L - A ^ t e / l i S f e ----------- 
Best P ric e s Paid tor Antiques 
P H IL W IL L B O R N 
TO W N « C O U N T R Y A N T IQ U E S 
12o-274o soot B road w ay 73S-2414 

 oio S. Seguin St., C onverse 
U P T O 
$75o ITASCA REFUND 

Th# first 7o buyers of a new Itasca, from February 25 through 
March 27, 1977 will receive a $75o cash rebate on the C25A 
Model, $5oo Cash Rebate on C27A, £27 AL, and the C24C 
Models, and $3oo Cash Rebate on the C22C and the C25C 
Models. The Seafarer and Sunflyer limited models are e x ­ cluded. M ake your best deal with a participating Texas dealer, this coupon for your refund. present 
I pc coupon for your retui 
•m Xtasca 
A Division OI WIPIn«»Dago Inof»»tff 

C R A D L E S 
Orobq Antiques, 2134 Austin Hw y 

CROWN HILL ANTIQUES 
I J O N P L A Z A , 77o1 B R O A D 
W A Y , 124-1**1. Slont P ro n ! Am 
D e s k , P r . A r m o ir e B la n k e t hosts. P in * C u p b oard , H ooded ra d io s . G r a n d f a t h e r C lo c k s , 
Pour-P oster Bod. Pr. D in in g T a ­ ble and C h a irs, B a ske ts, B r a s s and Pew ter Etc. 
_ 
D in in g (a b le s : S a u o r e oak leaves, sm a ll drop teat 453-1o73. 
G A SLIG H T A N T IQ U E S 
1525 M C 
C U L L O U O H 
111 48o3 

M ahogany 2-door w ard rob e 
W alnut Secretary 
TTI 
A N T IQ U E C O T T A G E , 5oo Dallas 

The Mirror Sltopqe islon et Fin ish in g Touch 
D ivision of Fin ish in g Touch Inc. 
112o P a rtrid ge , 34* 348* 
Ro or t W Corner Antiques 
D epression glass and Furnitre 
5513 P M 71, 441-3o54 

N e w a n d O ld S h o o . 3o5 W e st 
A sh b y (N e ar Sa c) 732-ooo8. Old 
P in e Sa te , T a b le s , L o v e s e a t , 
Trunks, L arge Silver Sam ovar 
Etc. 
O PA ’S A N T IQ U ES 
22o3 S. H ackb erry w o o 3 
J p a in te d w o o d c o lu m n s , 
*•1o^x14" din., 52oo. Painted wood mantle, * 'h " x o ’* ", $5oo. I painted wood mantel, 44” x7', HOO. Laie 
1ooo s. Call 124-41o5 after Sam. 
MJH UMAN. Ii* sUi----- 
A P P R A IS E - B U Y - S E L L 
L IC E N S E D E S T A T E 
L IQ U ID A T O R R E F E R E N C E S 

A K C Sh lh T iu pup s, m ole*, females, shots. 455-5o34. 
— tZtTft’OPS " 
Moles, females, shots. 342-7o3o 
Accepting Deposits on A K C Reg 
Irish Setters, m ales 5*5. Fem ales' 
5o5. 
Available 
I * 
M a rc h 
77. 
423-3475 
I 
A C K Golden Retrievers, 7 six wl'.l old m ole*. 5125 1-54* 32o4 
Adorable A K C Y o r k '* Pim ples I 
534o455 
A f fe c t lo n - P r o t e c llo n 
B lo o d 

FOR FAST 
RESULTS .. 
Place Your 
Pot Ad Today! 
Ce« 

M i s t M o o r o 

2 2 3 - 1 6 6 6 

I 

TO FUQ YOW AD CAU A l BOORE TIS-1 AAA 

H ound-G erm an Shepherd hybrid, A k t w f c lA U B tilM f e R S . 4 m m 1 11 . IIV fST O C K R E D SEEDS 
§ 4 1 
U Y R T B C T F S S S E H B cross PUPS 12 w k* 1-751-247* 
om SSO up 4*4 48o3 
■R te N 8 H R m M te R 8 M M M N n te m P R g H te R te M lR d M W B I9M IIM M liM W B M fil crass pups. 12 wk*. 1-751-2*7* 
.Ated A p d H 'A h i .. 
Top auality 
4*o-27o8 i»Tk"^'AF6hf'Ai>lT»------- 
Pup s • stud Serv • 344-72oo att. 4 
Ake ATHANS--------- 
Show, Pet 
*55-57*4 
A k e A F d H A b s , C o m p lin e s 

 eld, SSO Up. 4*4-4oo2 
A K I T A 
P u p p ie s ', s 'i M - T TsT ! 
454-1317. Keep Coibng 
________ 
A le m an H usky Pup o'nT for Sole! 
51o en AW 3:3o 4*4-2o*2_________ 
A L A S K A N M alam ute male 8 w ks 
52oo 344-5354 

A k e Airdate T e rrie r, F e m ale ♦ 

A - H A L E T R A I L E R S 
Horse Stock and Gooseneck 
New and Used, for Sale or Rent 
Also feed B a rre ls with L id s 
S L IM P O IL C O Oft IH 37 
B M u flW rffm m a n 'lh e p h e rc l d u p 
535 51 SI 
*o4 
C arolina nit#* 
' pies, no papers, $2o. 453-3334 b o r d e r C o ll i* P u p p ie s , I T I. I 
Cocker Pee Puppy, 53o o24-1455 m o * old. C h a m p io n B lo o d lin e 

J r e r T f t s l T ri M alam u te Fem ale f ° R S & S L°,L, U f S P u P * 

Q U E E N 'S A N T IQ U ES 
28o* F re d e ricksb u rg 
H ours: *-$ 

TINDALL AND SON MOTOR HOMES 

4 6 o o S A N P E D R O 
7 3 6 - 1 5 6 1 o r 7 3 6 - 1 5 6 8 o n s a t 

G ood L o a d of A m e ric a n F u rm - ture. S ix S ta c k s of B o o k c a s e s, 
O ak Den tal 4' Cabinets, C h e rry 
R o ll F ile , 4o D r a w e r O a k F ile 
Cabinet, K itc h e n C ab inets. Ten 
Round Pe d astal Tables. Oak Hl- 
Boys, Sets of Spindle Back Chairs. 
H A R T S A N T IQ U E S 
Sabot. *oo-2733 Open W eekdays. 
All D a y Sot. Sunday afternoon. 
It you h a ve A n tiq u e *. Je w e lry, 
D ia m o n d s , S t e r lin g , G e ld or 
Oriental R u g s to setl, you'll get the 
B a st P ric e fro m Sa n A n t o n io '* 
Finest Shop: 
Regencv Antiques 
Mrs B o n n e r o22 544o7 342 SO 

18*5 Ste in w o v C o n c e rt b ra n d . ra re collectors Item. Rosew ood, e le g a n t c a r v e d le g s. U s e d in 
Steinwov Hall 1-845-1878, 733-7775. 
TAIL eMETANtiatJfeA----- 
TON off all Item s Sun- M a r 13 
H A T T IE 'S A T T IC 
Drepfront Desk in Colonies North M oll 
T h e -------------------------------------------- 
Different Drummer 
Antiques-Accessories-Collectables 
1o2o T O W N S E N D . o24-3744 
A L A M O H E IG H T S 
To tall your Antiques 
O N E A N D A L L 
H ere's the num ber tor you to coll: 
433 24oo. 433 o34o (cash paid) 
J IM L IS T E R ___________ 
We repair old P um p O rga n s 
E D G A ID A 'S 
A U T O M A T IC M U S IC CO 
28o4 N .Flores 
733 154* 

IO mo*. 454-3o57 
Ake basset tamale iii m o* beau tlful tri color, 735-4*14 
A' « e b a s se t M OU n d s T j y r * I m ale 
I fem. 
Sell both 
Cheap 
524 1**8.__________________ 
A K C B a sse t M ale, b e e m as 
After 5. *24-425o 
A K C B o r d e r C o llie tem , I yr 
B e a u tifu l m a rk in g s, v e ry intel­ ligent HOO 344-27o2 
‘ 
A K C Boxer at Stud 
342 4181. 
A K C hrlttany Spaniel 2o month*. 
G ood started hunter. 525o- A K C 7 m onths old G erm an Short H aired 
P o in te r, s t a y s a n d c o m e s on com m and Will retrieve in water 
USO-433-3*o* 
A K C Chihuahua Puppies. 
*53-1475 824-o3*7 
— r k T c g n : i fe*;' t u B re d — 

Req 51oo. 44* 1224 
Chocolate Pe rsian Spayed House pet. SSO. 4*4-33o1 d e c k e r P u p p ie s , B lk^ J w k s , wormed. 33o. 349-8497. 
T i f A S f ’td' ALT T fe fe H u d te D ~ 
A K C Old E n g . Sh e e p d og P u p s, 
C ham pionship breeding 481-o4*8. ofter 4 p.m. 
Fem ale Pop Pleosoni biiDOsition, also good watchdog, pound bound 
492-9933, 4*2-2417. 
G e rm a n Shep herd Pup pies, SSO mote 54# tem. 441-Soto. 
G e rm a n ih e p h e r d P u p s 
A k d po rents, 5 w k* 735 o187 
G e r m a n S h e p h e r d h u p s 32o 
4*4-4418 otter 5 p m 
G e rm an $horl hair puppies, ai* 
3pm 538-232*. 
G o ld e n hunter 

344-721$ 
A l l 6 6fe $ i b arse* plus 2 traitor. 4*4-48*4 
A M te ftid A tf dANdteft iG dife’W 
O P E N H O R S E SH O W 
M a rc h 18, I* and 2oth M a rc h 18 j starting 7 p m al! roping event*. 
Ju dging events starting 8 a m. on I 
Sat. M a r 1*th. Judges: M r. M ik e I 
H ughe* of Dallas. Tx and M r GIII 
S w if t e r of G u lf P o rt, M is s . 2 
Trophy Saddles lo high paint win nor jn each age group. H igh Point, 
W inner of Show a 2 horse trailer courtesy of Sllm p OII Co and Hale 
Troller Ce. All p r o b e d * going to the A m e ric a n C a n c e r S o cie ty ., 
Bexar Co. Sheriffs M ounted Posse 

R U O T 

H A R R IS W E S T E R N C E N T O 
1 - 7 7 2 - 3 6 3 4 
6 2 2 - 6 3 o o 

H a V d e live re d 
1-485-3341, 1-997-37*7 
H A V * 6 A U t e , H e g o r l 'f i F o bales 
!-44*-1354, 
1-44* 15*1 

^ 
I h A y T g R i A L R d o o s l d l "and info 337-3754_________________ 
A Q h A 3yr old Filly. J bar and Leo bloodline. Gentle and G reenbroke 
$4oo *35 83*8 

Johnson G ra ss. o2o-1o4*. 
U 6 b 4 IS W 6 F T N 3 " 
454-4443 

 fcabV~ T 'dT7k' s % H i l l 
G r o s s H 6 R S R L M G W f 'te n t,, tk e sT 
Calve* SAO *11o *22 844* 
M a c A rth u r H S L e isu re (fa b le s. 
Calves $4o 511o *22 844*. 

B A R K E R S U P P L Y 
12 
M a r 
44* 2512. 
*.3 o a m 
E v e n in g s 

523-4311 sh u n d , il n ia l u i 
A K d b a c k s female, 2 yrs. 4*6-1242. 
A K C D A L M A T IO N G U P P IE S 
*55 3**3 34* 3815 
A K C D o b e rm a n s J pu p p ie s, IO weeks old *23-3858. 

 n R e t r ie v e r it u d A k d . i 12’ i ga im port barb 
515 *5 jo h n so n g r o t s a n d co a sta l m ix. 
■ h o - guy! 
( R J C T S S 
. H e , W 
. 
G R E A T D A N E S 
Cham pion sired 1-755-46** 

H a lf A l a s k a n H u s k y 

42" tw is t s t a y s per IOO 
P Y C pipe per IOO It 

A K C E n g Springer Spaniel Pups, 
Ch. S ire d , sh o ts, e x c a u l 
Show, pet. 735 1*18; *24 814* 

7T rj—jz——— -q r e v 
K'Rc ivw m, 
, 
. . . . . . . 
. “ a,L G ! r ' 3143 S E M ilitary D r 333 *o41 m an S h e p h e rd s $45-335, Shots, 
--------------------------- — — guaranteed bepity. 1-37* oo12 

 j Irish Terriers, A K C . bofn Feb. 4, good with children, good w atch dogs, non-shedding. 1-755-81o3. 

515 *5 tim orm 'elA ppaloosn Stud Se rvice 
58.5o 575. Eves. 434-7542._______________ 
L e L ig h te d a re n n 

C h . S ire d , sh o ts, e x c a u a lity . 
J V I fc 
Br;. J I. .......... iii, 
C h n * ant 735-1418- * 24-814* 
M A L E Toy Poodle pup pies 54o. 

WICKER! 
A Ploce and Tim e 
4337 M c Cullough 

A K C G erm an Shepherd Puppies. 
Intern I Ch Bloodline 553-2751 
A K d G e rm a n Shepherd m ale, 4 mos. shots. 5*4-8242______________ 
A K C G re a t D a n e pup s. F a w n s 
SISO. Term s. *23-44*4. r k d I ffT S W 'TeHeT s ' C h o m p ,on 
Bloodlines. 4*2-1122_____________ 
A K d Irish Setter Puppies 333 *442 aft 5 or on So t-Sun 
Ir i s h 

Blankenship B rah m an Ranch 
Reg. B ra h m a n Bulls, very gentle. 
512 824 *773, 527 2281. 
A r ig h t J o h n so n G r a s s H a y in 

____________________ L e n # e n n * . board, from 44 Ae. 453-2432______ 

B a rn . 345 a Ion. Ja ck M in n e y , 
Quem ado I 757-132* 
No checks. Atter 4 pm. 4 * 4 - 5 * 8 2 .---- — — .......... T— 
..., - ...... 
/tad i i i , A p ricoT -p oodle" male. 
' l<t.Y. Yeorl,nq jj g or best: i-v/o-vaev. 

M a M M Ab o m b Silt 
E v e ry S n iT I I N e o n Cattle, Sheep goats, h o r s e * t i m l S .W 5 - A 

 good with ch ild re n 
Offer *22-183o e m i r 6 o a l» r $ h e e p 

M iked Poodles 4 yr while male",' 4 
* r “ j* 
. yr. b la ck fe m a le , n eed lo v in g | ^ C e r t if ie d B e e f M a s t e r I hom e, so ld a s p a ir o n ly , 14o 
*24-2488; 524-2o72 oil 3 p.m. 
733-1731 otter 3 and w eekends 
N eed G ood H om e for * m o old 
M ale 
Fox 
T errie r 
Puppy 
’ *84 2o48. 

 a n d 

IM I U 
HTBK 

 filttSu M ET S 
OR BEATS 
DEALS! 
* erects***! s o m a ' 

Only 
B B O V W keels, 

 trotters. C heke 7 te 24 ft. beets: 

 plush, plain, open sr dosed deck 

(long or sh ed sensible dock), IN or 

 a m b e e r# , nm obou ty cabins: (cutty 

 ac ftvhndoe s r U P P W controk); 

 gat PO O C* ride in COMA 2? It. 

 fish skl-canw ec. 
It looks 
SR T - 

M GM In pm *:Ie I price but PRO V - 

IN m e r* 
CT A IU , 
S A K I than 

 others o /p u t cebin Ours not sk y ­ high 
M U -1o1 only $ 12,97o in­ 

 cludes m erino storage until SIFT bg, M 
KS ootv tra d e r. depth fish finder (feet A 
S H O W fl. 

351 VB ford OMC 

 i). 
Compare s r 'fly by-nigh t m fgrs over $ 2o,ooo 

A 
See 
7 7 G U S S M A S T B S 
« / 

OUK, 
H erOutser. or outboards 

* Oyer 17 years we ye hendled 

HCM U N I I LA M PH ): Only $3443 

 for 
1977 (V M M IM 7$ hp en 

N A M R A W F fiberglass 
S A K , 

 al Canyon lo k a , M ar out el 

 wert et 
Indudes 
N A K IS , depth 

 loth om s) standup 

 galley, K S T iehn, 351 

 fV B K U D I-Je h m o n ) 

 senstW * pfetn bes shoot, 3 swivel 

IM h ailer, safety pkg 
Or 

S 2I 43 
35 hp 

 seats, IM hailer, safety 

S 3 I 93 w 'S 5 hp, 
--------- w alternater etc 

4 r Used S U S SS9 9 o ; M N K rotes. 

o W K I 
NHC 
45 bp 
14' 

STMCKAFT, wolk through, g a b 

 h ailer $1595 
B A H E R A SPO RT S 

323 broadway e t 4th FM R FICI 

5o m arine years In SA . 227 2112 

9 -4 p rn Thurs Nit* 9 p m 

^ 
Closed Sol 
______ . 

• l i f t l e a t Trader 
• B t l A c c o lle d * - 

• I I H R e m e t* C en tref* 
F!u% how Hvjf*d»6dh o* Dottotb 9« 

 r n -im s, motors 

S I X S U P E R S H I P S 
73 E xtra Sharp Invad er 14', IRS 
Chrysler, Galv. Trailer. . .*31*5. 
Im m a c u la t e 1$' S e a R a y , *o 
Johnson, T railer 
...............$)**$ 
Clean IS ' T hu n d e rb ird , 85 Jo h n ­ son, Troller 
...................... $2o*5 
N ew C ru ise I * ' Deep Vee, 75H d 
Johnson, Golv. Troller ____ $355o 
73 I * ’ Jolly R o g e r Low Profile, 
1o8 Johnson, Troller 4 4M P H *2**$ 
73 IS ’ A rro w G lass, 45 M e rc u ry 
Golv. Troller .................... *2535 

HOLIDAY MARINA 
Lake M c Queeney, 513-557 *422 
------------------ S F T d F B ------------------ 
B a ss Boat Dem onstrators 
New motors, trailers, 5229$ 
6418 Rondolpn Blvd., 654-o388 
D IS C O U N T B O A T S A L E S 

B o a t s - m o t o r » - t r a i( e r s 
5o35 R o o s e v e lt 
O P E N 18 to 5pm_________ tw o )? long pontoons, wood con structlon. m ad e tor d e ck boat, protect not com pleted. 3158 in ­ cludes plans and hardw are. 
6?3-2*44. f r V bottom” alum inum boat aob trailer, 5 hp eneine. depth tinder, fishing choir seats. 545o 674-1833 
Venture C a ta m a ra n St,obi Call 
225 3111 or 735 13*8 ask for Al. vTCTtTl W i i T F T e x a s 'l o a f 
48hp E v in ru d e M otor, F u ll T III trailer. 55o8 344-3o51. 

112-im » tonw-Spaces 

A T rn n !!m r ?a m T fy ^ * n J o 'ir iT n 5 5 house with sw im m ing pool. Paved stre e ts, u n d e rg ro u n d u tilitie s, la rg e lets, ne pets. b e st m a in laintd park In town, on S E. M IU 
♦rov Dr. west of IH37, a cro ss from 
B rooks Field. Indian Hills M obile 
Home Park. 333 o83o. 

 wt whims uranus 
B e fo re Y o u Buy... 
VISIT DACBERT’S 

A K C 
I r i s h 
S e tte r k u p p ie s . wormed, shots 658-8448__________ 
A K C Irish Setter 6 m o female 56o I 
**4-17oo___________________________ 
AK(t irish Setter P u p s 
I 

•Coastal Bermuda* 
Sp rig gin g and custom work, also chisel | ‘ 

NORWEGIAN ELKHOUNDS 
A K C puppies. C H sired. C H .dam 

455*1*2 

IM SHUTING BMPS 
S ^ r o w T ^ o n ^ n ^ C f F T i o u B I e action. Sole ar Trode 4*4-1581. 
SmfHi A dr es son, model 46 stain less steel. 357 M agnum , 5275. Cull 
Steve, 681-1431. 
We pay ca*h *oi rifles, shotguns! pistols 736-17*6 

> Medal Cia k e 
U i 
I M A t M eew oot io^rttOFi CbuNmorcK 
©rtyOFIt eisf rn 
Son Anlowe otto 
• A N D O ! RAA IH H * o*v ksHrtvort Qv*t>ootd D»o!#* Tbiot ii 
AAA tot»d rn S#rv tee 
»H<r 
Sowthw#sf! 
A A A SAA V K I M d i i til M B I 
TMA# C6Mo't $MMt Ibm AmnH 
So cm* ’N* b«3» d*o* you ccw ^ sKoaj MA MOOI M A I WNI 
DO*# o« boon fno♦©*% o«d bfo^s 
Wm Atty 
V in M Nm i, 
«T 
• H O I IG N D O i 

ICS HUMTHI61 FISHING 

T T T c T e T T u » rS T n g T a u i?T ry T $ 4 ? down paym ent, 584 *7 per me. Bio deer, turkey, jave lin a. On fence 
Un* et large ranch Financed by owner 734 *363 _______ 
Am erican '" d o >'■>• 'n« 
Club mem - b o rsh t* Unlim ited hunting, fish- tom ily sports. 8425. Setl for 
6*6-o855 Eves. 

CANYON LAKE 
E x t r a la r g e m o b ile h e m e lot. 
51475. 575 daw n, 84 m o n th s at 
521.13 A P R S’. 
Call A Jones. 224-23o3. 
— 
L 6 t b G IT ii (UH see m o — 
LO U N O R M obile Hom e P a rk 
2415 Castrevllle R d 433 2o44 oT u S T e n f ------ 
•i P R IC E HI 1*71 
P L A C ID M obile P ark. 45o M 22 
H F . ' ih a d 'y A c r e s " t r o i i e r ’" 'dfk. fenced, store room, trees, $37.5o. 
N ear W indsor P k Mall. o24-B744. 
O A K H G l 'C'S W N w TT'sf ma.' free. 
343 up Pool, near U T S A , H o sp i­ tals 4 ** o6*2; 4*o o5*o 

9o1 8US1WESS FUUiPMTNT 

C o lv tp le lirg ra u p s o ro ??^ 

M a l A Stf«K « 
1 3 o 7 w H ild e b r a n d 
7 3 2 - B 2 3 3 

H IL L C O U N TRY 
D E E R H U N TIN G 
5275 P E R B U C K 
T B T R A N C H 
(512)3*7 5o4*. 4 -IP M 

81o MOBILE IM ISALE 

 f s r n r e s 'f l r y h ui rr. 
Sue, Delivery- Term s, *23-4344 

 lure Call B-4, 225-3744 
Ele ctric R e m in gfo n typew riter. legal sis#. 1275. M a n u a l U n d e r- : woad, tenor size. 54o 732 o327, 
For A l l M I W abd L ls * b V lichen 
Equipm ent and Supplies See 
Levinson Restaurant Supply Co. 
IWO Son Pedro 
733-o*31 
F O R 
In d u s t r ia l G ra d e 
M etal Shelving. V a rio u s Length and W idths, Call 224-4141 ext. 41 
Between 8 3oam pad 4 3opm 
F o r Sale: kD6lb S c o tism a n Ice 
M a c h in e S m a ll C u b e r, 3 H e a d 
Past M ix D rin k System , C a t* Ta­ bles. C om 333-52o3 *-5 w eekd ays, a r w rite : B. F r a z ie r G e n e r a l 
D elivery Con Cen Tx. 7IS3I. 

 f 6 r s a L t 6ft t h a 6 e 
4 d r re a c h in , v e a e ta b le b o x , s o d a j w a te r a n d b e e r c e o le r, m e a t counter, scale and slicer, m a n y i o th e r g r o c e r y item s, b a r a n d I lounge eauipm ent Will trade tor b o o l and tra ile r ar late m od el p ickup. C a sh t a lk s ! I E c o n o m y I 
M a rt, 17o35 O ld P e a r s a l l R d , | 
Atascosa. Texas 423-»2*2 
F 6 R S A L # sm all size com m er elal type lcem aker (F rig td a ire ). 
O n * chest type com m ercial Cake box. Batb good con dition. C a ll 
S II **4-3421 or 312 **6 34o2 fre n i-e h d Lead er, 4 C V , Terex 
72-51, S N 414*. geed condition, 
713-4*3-44oo. Located in Houston. 
Texas 
3o ft F a b ie x m o b ile p la tfo rm 
735-9137, 1:3o till 5:3o 
H G T E G T R o o fe rV p o rio b ie 166 

C A 
C O M P A N Y t x * • 'N e . ) T F . . . m e a . 
2x4 ofaart B r 
N < aa. 
4 i l 7/16 R.V. & I. 
*4f. hardbear* . $4.95 aa. 
I T x l * ’ samatii lap s4tg.... 279 B. 
12” i i * ' raagh te x tir.le p sNg. .. 2 K B 

 w e a N p a a e S n g ** "^ 99 
C o t 1 r 8 l ^ I . . 
12'/$ fa. 2 gt. hark wire 
$14.9$ ta i 
12' gat*, stool fa t* $27.95 
14 yob . steel gate. $32.9$ 
14' fa b . steal fate . (37.9S 
AU TOT 
QUALITY STOCK 
ONI STOB CENTER 
C A S LUMBER 
COMPANY . 
4647 ROOSEVELT 
(512) 924-4556 

ISCOUNT WEEK - PRICES SLASHED o n F l a n o i - O r g a n s - G u b a r s - D r u m s 
AH Knob* Pianos................................. 2o% OH 
, SIHI.... Jtductd to $8M 
J IAT.. Reduced to $1195 

A sk A b ou t our t o o t -t o -O w n Plan 
N o d o w n g o y m o n t-n o obligatio n 

S H O R o u r N o w N o r t b g id e S t o r e a n d S a v e 
5 2 3 5 W ALZER* RD. - 6 5 4 -6 6 6 1 
O l d S o u t b s l d a B a r g a i n S t o r e 
1 4 o o N o galito s - 2 2 3 -6 1 5 1 

Now Kimboll Whitney Piano, Re 
Kimball model 3oo Oro trimtwtN Rm nH Pinna 
O r g a n s 4 P i a n o s 
DACBERT’S 

U P I 
Sale. 55o Call after 5 333 34)1. 
A K t L A B lU b G R P u b s ------- 
Ch. lines. 583. 826-33*3 
A K g T A B R A G G R P u h i ------- 
Ch lines $85 826 33*3 
A K C large m lnioiure Poodle. A T 
Stud. Coffee with cream , 344 1217. k k t L h a sa Apsa, male, i 'j y rs old had all h is shots 
Be au tifu l light gold I 383 33o8 or I 382 1)3*. 
A K C L h a s a A p so c o m p a lo b le female. 
575 each 

B e a u tifu l p e d ig re e watch dog Stud service. 455 244$ I 
E a r r G t Db l Y e l l o w e d with cage and stand 525o co*. 653-7*82 h a rlo t foouhlr Yellow Mead E x trem lv Beautiful. 6*4-43o4 

,______ plow ing and hay ballin g i I-742-8415 Schum acher Bros 
Coastal Hay, d ry stack, near Po feet. 
B argain 
1-54* 4o73; 
E x c e lle n t I-742-3742._________________________ 
• C O A S T A L S P R IG S * 
7oc Bu Sutherland Springs 
I 947-337o; 1 *47-337* 

 arm Rd. 2173, M ocdena, T x 
P a stu re fo r h o r s e s N o r t h e a s t 
Call 4*4-I$41.__________ 
P igs F a r Sale, i w k * ald 3)k each 
I I 538 27)4. 
Pink haltered P rin ce H ank M o re in foal I * G r a n d s o n af P r in c e 
Plaudit and J o k e r B O ther O tr and Appaloosa M a re s and F ill)** 
Too Bloodlines. 341-8344 off 4 p rn. 
I 
P o lle d H e re fo rd C o w B r o il 
Sim m e n tal w ith half S lm m e n ta l 
Polled heifer colt at side ond I 
O p e n h a lf S im m e n t a l P o lle d heifer 18 m os. AH MSO. 1-379-23*6. 

 r a n c h r c r e m G h V bfe'H k F 
474 1584 
A p p a lo o s a G e lilln t 

CORRUGATED IRON 
SH .*5 per sa 
F L O W E R S L S R CO 
— 
............... ,2347 Goliad 
333 6171 
’ P ^ ^ ^ ^ v l n g home. house 
^ 
B r M i 6 mo Ara Bull' *1 ii'. 
POODLES 
822 9291 

 broken, 824-52*8, 735-1711. 
G ra ss Calves *22-844* 

 o ^ a n opuoA/ n 7R5eo84^ ! , ec J r k V i CuTOSTKb'n'd mode sah d le v over 
? - ” !! P u p \ . I 1.7 ! o* * ' 
15o u se d s a d d le s in s to c k . 
Reg. Am erican Fit Bull T e rriers H u n d r e d s of I s l o n d 2nd line 

AMOTION SAU 

LUMBER BARGAINS lei*! Roll tom! 
USO 
7«4 8 ereiui Ho 3 wlsrt 
794 
Saoiflown 
$ 13.95 
Hftyw eod 
74o1b 
4.8- 
4.8 H 
24.74 Aiymtnwm Wlndov $1o.3o 
A1UMMUM M H O ooo*5 
IM 

111o.9$ 
$1o.3o 

6 loo* 

' C A S H A N D C A H U Y " 
BARNES LUMBER CO. 

 i m ; Ll 
$33-511$ 

N d V Tk H b JT fe b L U M b f e r 'T ^ 
4-4441 or i 

 m 
Gr w T i G b t r n lo w v r a ^ p lu s golv. tra ile r, plus e x tra s i 
5)85o 484-3587 
H O RIE CAT 
Rd.. 342-8 
724o B o n d e r* Rd.. 342-8774 
74 Hohie ^ a i U R with trailer, like new S U H 454 2 X 3 
_ 

HOM Cit SMtits 
N ew O tipiav at Sfanr M o n x r 
7248 B A N D E R A R O A D 
Dealer J ow eft Services, 342-1778 

ALMOST AN ACRE 
Hill Country M obile Hem e site. IS m in N orth on San Pedro. O nly 
SH O O . S I M d o w n , $21 4 * p e r m onth . a l 4 *• for 144 m onths. 
T h is e n * w on t la s t lo n g . C a ll to d a y! 4*4-141*. 147 18o1 • L A 
K E C R O F T R E A L E S T A T E 
Am erican M obile 4 M odular 
H O M E S IN S A N A N T O N IO , Inc 
♦22-71*! 
*22 o441 
U T ToVTi'v e T I ' ', . 14' w ide d o so 
Lom a and tora* oak studded lot 
U T S A U S A A areg 444 7*7) 

2 B e d ro o m s , I 11 b a th s, 12x7$ 
H A L L M A R K , l l ' llv in a re a m , 
544*o 451 2o11 
T fE BlGGM UhfJrniiHVa- q TTr 

•allan tuHle. Goad condition 5515. 
474-oo34 
J 
I D U E le c t r ic 'Y v p e w r ile r T . 
M odel D, 133o 5423 222-1*43 i d i M A l t l k , ice cream 'm ach ine, m ixer, even, re in ge ro iar, ch a ir* and tables 713 12*2 

• $oo Su g u m u T e d ~ F o rT 

I R E D R IV E R Mobile H em e* 
451*751 beryl i kAobile lf erne lo a fe r 

• LEASING • 
Specializina in Busin e ss and Professioncrt Equipm ent 
Save T ax-C onserve Capital 
GLENN FOSTER, INC 
Broadw ay 
277 
76oJ 
______ 

! M C o p y m ile 
*381 

 pc I Ic. I < o n d llie n . 

HOLIDAY MARINA 
Lake M cQ ueeney. 512-557-4437 
Open E ve ryd a y except M onday 
H > b a s s ' b'e o i i l l J o k n ; o~ 
Ready to F ish 4*4-8513 a h 4 f r n e hp T h u n J e rk .r d T u i T ; 
Cabin with new C B and Tandem 
Trailer ah 3 w eekdays, att I sat ond sun 342-4*3* 
_____ 
'H Larson. tV' I n E v inru d e. Ii *nT tilt, ell access 658 1734 
14 
L a s e r ia iib e a f w ith tra ile r m e Can 344 i m 
LAST W EEKEN D! 
C h rysle r A re a l G iveaw ay I SIO* rn 
Fre e A cc e sse rie s with P u rch a se et New C h rysle r O utboard Thru 
M a rch 15th 
C ru ise 21' Sk ip p e r Cutty C aam , 
Petty, t i* 
C hrysler. 
Golv 
Trailer ........................... 55578 l l C h r y s le r S a e rt C ro w n , IO) 
. Ti 

N E W and U S E D 451 4*41 
1*313 IH-33 N O R T H (Selm a R xlt) 
■fl b rook wood" t 'x * ^ ! I ow ner, c e n t r a l h e a t- a ir , s k l r l i n f . 2 aq i ms, I bath 543*o 4*4 13*8 
B u y Ib is m o r n in *. m o v e y o u r mobile en this afternoon. L a rg e 
H ill C o u n t r y site , 13 m in 
N 
P a y m e n ts le ts than re n tin g in p a rk L A K E C R O F T R E A L E S 
T A T S , 4o4-341* Or 343-13o1. 
’ 
C ha rn pion doubu- Wide, I tj#- dreems. I bath, central heat air, turn Good condition 436 1o*7. flicks Ila5$, I bedroom , I 1 1 batb, furnished, oppiionces. alt, 54oo4, 
44o-2o32. 
INSTANT CASH “ 
Per used mobile hom es 
824-324o 
o24-4424 

JAR MOBILE HOMESl 
New-Used, 114o4 IH 1SN 433 o471 

C h r y s le r G a l v t r a i l e r 
S IO * * 
- n rv tier 14' Punster *o Chrysler, pick up 

' n u w a u - ja u k u , $ 4 . ( 4 1 '^ dream, I bath, central heal, air. 
Equity assum e 4*2 o251 
“ to G b u f m 6A » f o J k W F IT — 
Need a little extra ca sh ? 
W E buy Mobile H a m * T ire* and 
Wheels SIO E a ch B rine in or we 

Sm all am ount el supplies. SO* SO. 
I IH B ossa R d 
733 7347 734 3o81 
I M m ic ro fic h e re a d e r e rln ie r, o v e rh e a d p ra ie c lo rs, tro n s e a r a n tcy c a rtrid g e p ro te cto r a n d copy m achine Sony vldeocorder 
IB M dictating m achines Concerti tape c a sse tte s a n d r e c o r d e r s 
Desks. 142 W W oodlaw n al San 
Pedro 
N ^ K T T e TaT w iik to .o b i, Totol 
Cosh R episler 514 14oo. 
P I a c h I R T o o l I H T T P C c ^ C i m achine. 325o Coin A ir H ockey table $*$ C om m ercial dryer, 3*3 
Call 224-44*1 or com e bv 2*42 C 
Houston ie s la u r a n t and k itc h e n equip n u n ! ; v e n t a h e e d . c h a r c o a l broiler prlH, steam table, booths, cash re p lie r, ice chest 454-4o25 
R eznor W orekouse H ealer, Ret nor 124.848 B T U output. H S voMs, w ith th e rm o sta t 5 1 ** SO 
I D I 
B o ss* R d , 733 7347, 734 3o81 
Sko m e e e back b a i. I ska m p o e bowls. I pro hair dryers, 3 work stations. 
2 hyd raulic ch airs 
K l - l t t f 
________ 

 i m p i B c r T T o I o T C o s h i t f i l M T 
534 34SC 
T y p e w r it e r , S G m o ffic e ty p e model 444 SI24.54 I I H B a sse R d 
33-7147, 734 3481 

993 WILDING MATERIALS 

H a rry at 224-4441 ar com e 2*47 E. 
Houston__________________________ 

• Rough YiHow Pine • 
LUMBER 
Good Lum b er Good Lengths 
1«8 ............................... I M 
F 
7x4 ............................ I f i C L F 
7x8 ............................... t ic I P 
DITTMAR LUMBER 
R d , 234-3141 • 

 b a r a ’ I l e f l TT f k 'ff . terms, tree delivery 453-8111 
Used 14x7o M obile Hom e Add On 
JT e m iv^^D e H ve rv^tM ^SO O J^^^^ 

9oS PORTABLE BUILDINGS 

A iT w d o d t i - ^ ' M m n r x 'n r 
8849, tree del. 455-2343____________ 
A U sed ilx 4 o H eavy D u ly Floor 
Double 
Door, 
Term *. 
Del. 
732-3171. 
B o c ir A rem bent H x l l fie ld GT tic* Term s, Free del *24 5443 
D a m ag e d used price to sell H T 
8x14. 
14x14 starg. bldg, del 
*84 1234 
D am age 12x4o Stor 

AUCTION 

Saturday— March 12— 1o:3o AM 

The MANHATTAN RESTAURANT 
228 I. Houston 

M iM O tA M U * AND fOUtPMIMT One el Sen Antonio 5 eluded ond finest itsteurents is remodeling Son Antonio noitatgia buffs will find 
77 brass bor stools. 2o brens bose tables, old homes, toke trays, crocks, folding chows, 2 «4 butcher block, etc 

 tOUtFfSiNT MCLUOtS: 3o stainless steel bockbor Hundreds of flosses ond dishes Workcounters 8 center pedestal tables and ap pre« 4o chairs Actional cosh register end cashier booth Drapes, hanging baskets lefngerated pie case Wo# cabinet Stainless steel tables, bu moor mer, fire extinguisher ond automatic eitlnguisber. 
Wooden tap salad toble Steam table Heat lamp hood Charcoal broiler 4-door stainless steel refrigerator I and I comportment sinks. 
Dough divider ond table Misc posts ond pans Milk machine (orpet. fryokrtors. Coffee urn leer boa Hobort dishwasher 4 door Jordon 

 refrigerator 

M a n y M o r a (t a m s T o o H u m o r o u s t o M o n t i o n l l 
SALI CONDUCTED BY 
John & Rowland Barnes 

A u c t io n e e r s , T x G C - 7 7 - o 3 9 3 

5 3 3 - 6 6 4 1 o r 6 5 5 - 3 4 4 1 

 mole ond 
454-4224__________________ 
A k e M in Schnauzer male. 2 yrs 
Great Pet 673-7*44 
AKC! N orw egian Elkhound Pups, v e r y r e a s o n a b le , m a le s a n d temples 644 7772. 
A K C R eg Dalm atian stud 3 yrs old. M oke ofter m ust sell 824-1412 
I A K C R eg Lab male. 7 w ks pick 
Of litter *85 827 38*o_____________ 

AKC Samoveds •922-3963 
A k e ikeltie (•upoixs 515-5115. 

534-Up. 333 4877 v e g . T re e in g W o lk e r b o u n d s well sta rte d on C oon a n d C at 
After 8 p m I *47 3311 

 boots. B and W Boot ond Tack, 4o5 
S Guadalupe St, San M arcos, T x 
I 3*2-4476 
F E L P S H O R S E , i f G d k 
SH E LT lfe P U p i (m iniature Col i A N D G O O S E N E C K T R A IL E R S 
*$V7$*$T*5M*i*eo,or’muo, I*"-”- san i i b E R l A W f J U S K IE S . I i w ks reg, fe m a le 
P a r e n t * p o in te d 
515o 481 3872 

Troller Rentals, 443o Hw y *o E ast 
(S. W W White Rd.) 333-U M . fe lp s J H o rs* Liond it )G7 
______________ 
H A R R IS W E S T E R N C E N T E R 

Silver boodie Puppy, tem Intern*! 

■ 731-1291 ■ 
A K C L h i h t i u P U P P Y 
S74o _____________ 
4*6 76*8 
A kfc Sh o w O u a liiy D o b e rm a n 
P u p a te s it w kt, R e d Tan. Blk- 
Tan *22 1744, *74 4326 
A K C Tov Poodle puppies Silver beige m ale at stud 633-o32?_______ 
: A K C Tov Poadt* Puppies $75 Tov 
Pekingese Puppy 545 6 ** o353. 
A k f 'T G V 6 6 'g B lfe ".' o d o ru b le male, 2* mo 655-4786 
A K C T ri C o lo r C o llie P u p p ie s 
51o4. 734-7643 oft 3 and w eekends 
A k e W hile Fem ale G trm o n She pherd 4 y r* 533-85o7 
A h i Vorkle l^ups. 4lud Service 
735-4431, 734 77 3o 
A K C 4 yr G erm an stn-pherd mole 
A n c e s t o r s 
G e r m a n y 
G r a n d 
C h a m p s SISO H is p u p p ie s 315o male, fem ales 31oo Box 775 E n 
1 anal, Tx 78o1* 5D-948-532S. 

Ch Line 141 7*44 
" s p r i g g e r 4'PAH tfeL p L iP i 
Ch. at stud • 4*4-18*2 tft G P id 'A L L is h ------------ 
(T re m e n d o u s Se le c tio n at D i s ­ count P ric e s) 
• M H m 
5o g. (48x11) A quarium 
Complete w-stand 5)4* SO. 
•*•••••« 
IO g set up R eady tor fish st 88 
F IN T IQ U E 
7o) W est Avenue 

 k E t e t iL T 2 f e D J o h n so n G r a s s 
Hay 31.25 bale. 824-1144. 
F f c R T IL IZ ^ b ^ G A i f A L ' ltA Y - 
331-2938 

 r E R t l L I 7 E D c 6 A $ f A L ' tiA V , 
S t o re d in s h e d 
$1.5o a b a l*. 
533-5 ) 45 att 4 a n d w e e k e n d s 
|477 817o, 677 821*. 
For sale Jim Houston A ssoc SoA- dle, like new, 1-257-8544 Kerrville 

R e g . A p p a lo o s a G e ld in g , t i c roping horse. M u st Sell. 422-3*3*. it p r g r i i A B M A M Eurr r 
Gentle, to- 33 M as. 433-4947. 
Rep. Foiled H e re fo rd s B u ll* ta' sole, all ages. 341 7448.____________ 
Reg. O I' M o i - i r v T T nod M a re s, 
Y e a rlin g s , I y r e ld s a n d old er 
Too Bloodlines S e w n * 1-24*-2*$*. 
M edina 1 38* 7741. 
R ep Rope M orse »<x k ( for 'bigTT ners. *44 2822 Bus. 47* 7*87 riuiilAM'"MB6T.' e»f;T,T^ 
B re e d in g Sto ck tall p ra w n a n d p os After * p m. 924-3724._______ 
Sorrei Gelding IS yrs, E n g , lAesl 
Pleasure, lu m ping exp Not R e g 
5744 firm 224-7541 D a y ; 413-4443 eve. 
S p irte d i yr. black Atip. m ore, 
S6o4 E r e rid ers only 344 44o4 
S to ck e r C ow s, S to ck e r kteilers 

Sale 
Quality 
1-24* 3*43 

N u b ia n M ilk bloodlines 
G o a is, 
Bee m e 

Doberm an a u a ^ S ^ w k s old V a r a e 
^ 
T * * ?!,it n j!! 
° rov B ra h m a n Bulls 6 y rs and b la rt r.,?t^ 2..?*in i eVi 
!* Y r* old 
Both lightly used on block ond rus* Austin, 
*76 6551 her(J p # r»|||tv y M t provld 
C R e g 
A m e r ic a n E s k im o od Your Choice 5125o ea. 4*5-8243 poles, Pure White SIPP 34? o457 g ^ T pT?uTu~ ' W s~ 
T m 
U K C T o y P b x T E R R IE R S aback Dun 
Exp. 
Rider 
S45o 

 and p ro ** calves 
444-1*11; 
444-31o4. 
16 Tandem flnH»*d, ke a v y dulv'j goad 6hnot, 5454. 444-3717 
Y o u n g S e w s, D u ra c . I 'fr a ile r fram e 
Y o u n g 
R o o ste r* si. 
44*1774 
, 
Y o u n g Bow s, D u ro c 
I V ro lle r tra m * 
Y o u n g 
Roasters 
53. 
44»-l2?4.___________________________ 
Youth H orse S h o * A fbscesca do!, 
April 23 I am Junior-Senior S a d d ie s. b a c k ie * , s 74* 3o* * | it 74*-3124; t 54* 2*51 

A K C C H IH U A H U A S • 441-14o7 
AfAtiV A N A K C D O G ’ 
654-1474 

 yr.' bld A Q H n i o r s e ’U u A "for , lie. Father is G la ry B e G oad Tao 
IT sale, 
A A A m other Is D o n n a L e u Top 
A A A , Saddle b rake C o m aft dam 
1 426 211* 
9 yr aid. t»g mule, ridas, warTTs' 
311-------------------- and auHs. 
$47* 534 *322 

Dog B re e d e rs R e fe rra l Ser- rtll 1 
S A vice WIN put you in touch with n e a r b y r e p u t a b le b r e e d e r 
494-7747, 473-4*o3 
W atchdogs 
Prefect 
451*441. 

L a rg e Bred D o g s Ie your home 
Free. 

942 
FARM 
SUPPLIES 
EQUIPMENT I 

 lf. Pl* duty floor trot de* fe rm i *23 4344 

PURTABLE BUILDINGS 
4x9...$29$ 
9 x 1 o . $ 3 9 4 
O t h e r s iz e s a v a ila b le 
Q U A L I T Y C O N S T R U C T I O N 
H eavy-D uty Fleer Included 

AM ERICAN ANTIQUE AUCTIO N 
J A J AUCTION 
Center et 4th end Captan ce*, Cartisane, TX. 
Jal., (Bar. It - 7:ofl F U. 
Sun., Mar. ll — 1:19 F.M. 
Absolutely Me Bepredactiens 
Ovei $5o,ooo et extra hit* Amtmen carved ort, Walnut end Mehegony 
Oak holl trees with large bons beedi ond clow let!, highly conred 
Mahogany hoi hee with daw feet end Griffins, Curio iodine tv 3 liquor cabinet*, 4 curved gloss rhino cabinets, dowfoef round tables with Moves, bouquet table with lion heads ond IO Moves, storked bookrests, revolving bookcases. Oak ond Walnut roll top desks; libtory loble with clow lee!, 
Griffins end liens hoods, Sets of chous, rockers; piano chous, pork benches, berber thous; plot minors, colendor ond kitchen (locks; dental cabinets, bromes, crenberry cut gloss toWe tamp; Old liMony type tobie temps 7o pcs of old cut gloss and much much more 
Auction#ar: Jackie Avon 
2 1 4 ___§ 7 2 - 7 2 7 7 tx o *-7 7 -o » 1 4 
2 1 4 — 
6 7 4 - 9 1 4 1 

924-NURSERIES, GARDEN 

B iu ^ O re e n n o u se T N e v ^ C o n c e p r 
Term s, Free D elivery *74 5oo3 
A * 12 M o rg a n G re e n h o u se G u a r anteed TOyrs. 
Free Oat. form s 
732 S in 

926 MACHINERY TOOLS r ¥ u c y r u ^ n * T5o3«TT*lT?)7 ming 
Machine. W ater or Oil. ASS-71o1 or 
SSI 4274 g A T W l f t A b t * ----------- 
585oo 
Conyon Loko < 1)935-7ll7 
DCO Cai bulldozer A-t condition 
S II 544-3134 otter 7pm 
6 r i g R T E lT C T T f T h a :'' s i soc or best offer 4813)4*___________ 
D ra g lin e for sale 
H e a v y D u ty 
B u c yru s 14-B Like new. only 1ooo hour* 4o Boom. I ' i y a rd bucket. 
Coll 
I 713 4oo 4484 

932 AUCTION SALE 

( A U C n O N l 
■ C A L E N D A R 

FORKLIFTS 
A L L T Y P E S 

$oo DITTMAR LUMBER 
S e g u i n R M 
H 
224-3141 

Galv Trailer, Leaped 
....54o21 
Saturday and Sunday til 4p m . 
HOLIDAY MARINA 
L o a * M c O aaaaav 

L E T 'S O O O F F S H O R E * 
Now Cruise M ' Cutty Cabin. 14oo 
O M C. Qafy T rad e r..............$41o7 
N ew C ru ise 21' F u ll C abin, 173 
OM C, D u al Oafv Trawler 
. *4711 
New C ruise 21' Vee B o u n d e r I I I hp. Evinrude. Moly Trotter 5*o75 
N ew C r u is e l f F u ll C a b in . *o 
C hrysler Ootv Trader ... 45453 
Open Saiurdpy and Sunday IHI lp m 
HOLIDAY MARINA 
Lake M c Queeney o m e g a 14 Vo ll b o a i and T raile r 
For S a l* A lm es! New Excellent 
Condition 
Cest 5)25o 
511 *4o4, 
514 I IWS 
94 6 U A t m n alum inum o t r T O l l ' with '73 h o m e m a d e tra ile r, 
511*5 SM 7*o*. t m w w n i t A f i f ’ 
C e n te r s e n s a t e b e a l 
> o* h a 
Johnson. Stainless prep. Sam ish outriggers rap holder com pass tap Lots m p re e xtrp s. O n ly in waler 4 tim es 737-4751 
B A C K BU I I G a T l f Stevens, W trailer, 4o6 hp V- drivp, 7Satus mob. E xtra clean, 
413 2443.___________ ___ 
R a n g e r I V ( a llh e a l, pquipadC rare cruse reduced l l * 13*3 
R f t t iI I G t T O l t Eft li f e i"e1i" HT voders and D eck a eats Jebnsan end M e rc u ry *. Service and star 
•pe at the Lake R A Y ! M A R IN E . 
Convert L a k e , H w y 1471 n e a r 
Starkville, I 4*9-111o 

S U N S E T M O B I L E H O M E S 
1742 5 W M IL IT A R Y O R 
922*o54o 
M U t f i i L L ” n r,Y 4 G aarian- W T tern M a m s ie n . I B e d re e m s. I bath*, carpeted, lu rnisned . Cen ira l air h e a l L ik e new ! 5o,ooo. I 
After 6 pm, I-549-4*26 
71 M I BB " M T O H. I i . *4.T T T dreams, central a ir heal 6o11173 
71 F 1 IK W 6 C T ) 14x45 i ~boT h7 
) bedroom s A ssu m e sr refinance I 
5*54o 45o *o53 eves 
1 6 6 6 6 1 a i F i r s ---------- 
F O R U S E D M O B IL E H O M E S 
124 174o 
*74 4424 
71 T f t i M r r T f l U h t B v 'Y i x T r superb cond unfurn has stove, j reft i* I bedroom . I bath, shoe carp e t, c e n tra l a ir, heat 
Lew 
• g u tty , ta k e e v e r p a y m e n t s ; 
Si 17.47 M e for *1 m e or N E T ' 
54175 *4 *o4 2*11 eves gU LtfTPB T H 

Ire* 

A 

$$4 Im ft, 
S4 95 ta 
$24.9$ iq. 
$14 o5 so 

U 5 E O M O B IL E H O M E S 
CE 
C A S H F A S T S E H V ic i 
M R M IL E S *24 4231 
-r n u k e f r o g m r w t 

DITTMAR LUMBER 

S O O S E G U IN • 2 2 6 - 3 1 4 1 

Genuine Sitong lain (orrug It lengths ie TO . . . . . $24!f$ 

1x1? lough cedar 

 lum ber............................. 
•atli oar) has......... 

Asbestos Siding. ... 

Oak Whiskey barrels 
749 IS 5/9 rfg , toters $14.9$ tq 
15 lb lek. 4 sq re# i i 19 re# 
Insulation IVY*.... 9'/i4 iq H 

Insulation I 
$69 tq ^ 
THI MONEY SAVIO 
Mosier( hoi ga lonkAmerueid 
Where (p m luys at Whotesolt 

A C M E L U M B E R A S U P P L Y 
IM I Austin (I., l l * 1417 
U niversal City, 451 4111 
• f n rer e t H t n f y i im 
.. 

P o rta b le b u i i d irs aa M o v e d by 
M o rga n Bonded 451 l l ii 
(■’• d o p o rta b le p a ra g e . U x lT , floors, term s, free del 453-O il I 
4 light Iv dam age 12x74 B e d ta rn , m ust setl free del farm s *74 o12o 
Used Ii x l ? Double Door G a ra ge 
Term s Free Delivery *74 5oo1 ix ia A u m elai, w eather areal, se cu rity lockable sto rage shea. 
Ideo! tar tools, hay. equipm ent storage 
55oo. 
151o 
I. 
Flares, m - a i i , 

7x16 . ox11', weed con stru ction. finished intoners 
Boerne 

9o7 FURNITURE 

R T A f f T i E TT r K e e n T . J . - n K 
Bed. I mate n m * chairs. cecklaM fable and end tables. HOS. Velvet reach, SIO# L e v * Seat 575 C h airs 
55o Asserted caters Chrom e end 
G lass Tables t i l eacn. AM Weed b e d ro o m se ts. D in e t te * . C a n 
Deliver S M IT H C O N S T R U C T IO N 
' 34* 4127 
6 H H T A Y B i n a l N eveV U 
I e T 
Complete Heusful Furniture WiM 
I T ra d e tar E q u a l V a lu e 
A ll or i Some Can D eliver S M IT H C O N 
I ST R U C T IO N 34* 4117. 
. B H U T A Y P b T u r n ir u T T I io y itifr 
] Lane. Bassett. Se ria Tham atvilie 
: and other nam e brands Available of S M I T H C O N S T R U C T I O N 
Please Come M ake on Ofter en alt sr ane piece 14*-4117____________ 

E A R L Y A m e rica n BeP raom Set, includ es T riple D re sse r. H utch, 
M irro r, Chest. Nipht Stand Bed ond Foundation USO D isp laye d 
O nly Can D e live r S M IT H C O N ­ 
S T R U C T IO N 34* 4127 

9o9 PARM SNORERS 

SOUTHERN JEWELRY CO. 

E S T A B L I S H E D 19o4 
W E B U Y 6 S E L L 
D IA M O N D S 
F L A T N IN U M 
G O L D 
S IL V E R 
A P P R A I S A L S 
M A D E 
O N 
J E W E L R Y e F O R IN S U R A N C E 
P U R P O S E S A N D E S T A T E S 
325 A L A M O P L A Z A 
224 1424 

922 MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS 

919 CBIN! R JEWELRY 
D o c T p T ^ ln v e n m e n ^ G M lu a T T m 
••rested rn buying com s stam ps. rolls proofs, gold F ra n k lin Mints, t is Contact O r Veal, 736 1o7* 
:'uttviduo' wonts siivar (finis, in- d ian hood and W heat pe n n ie s. 
E x p re ss-N e w s Bee 767*. Please 
•ive telephone num ber 

NAVARRO PIANO CO 
B A B Y O R A N D P I A N O 
SA U 
CH KXftW G 
BABY 
G IANO 
U RI NUR, BAIDW IN BAST 
G IAN O 
UBI 
M W , 
( N A II 
• A IT GIANO U BI M W , 

S P M D 
STY ll 
HANO 
UBI 
NfW 
$ 4 9 4 

(HJO-AET F IA T O HANO 
M A JO M A IU 
Skag With Us end Save law Overhead 
N A V A R R O 
FIA N O CO. 
1 7 o 2 N . C O L O R A D O 
7 3 4 - 6 4 6 3 

92o CAMERA PHOTO (QUiF 

Co iii| on T S 'J M T T TZ r i i T o rT e v s o n v . S IM . A N I M I _______________ 

S u b m in ia t u re . M in o lt a sp y cam era, with automatic exposure meter, lull set et lenses inter set. e n d cube pun $158 total v a lu e m ust sacrifice *88 sr reasonable offer 824 7*15 

V A M IC I T f rn m ’ wiih llush~o n2 
Owe. 5 15 9 4N *54* 
_____ 

A L L S IZ E S 
Brouboch Equipm enl. 736 165* 
G U N l t E m a c h in e tor b u ild in g sw im m inp peels 555oo G a rb a ge d isp o sa l tru ck $47o* 
3o8 C a se tra c to r *45oo, w lfh 4 y a rd h y ­ draulic scrap e r S3ooo Back ho* 
$5ooo 
A ir C o n d itio n e d O ffic e 
B u ild in g 51ooo C a ll? ? * 4441 pr 
Cam e by 7*47 E. Houston 
H u n te r W h e e l A lig n m e n t m a ­ chine. 5SOO 478 3*7o 
1 >. ** inc ii drive Im p o rt Call offer 
4, 924-371* 
Leathercraft •'><>• vet and hr igVr , plus I su e s alphabet stam ps Like new Q IN 734 *7o3 l i n c o l n w e ld e r, lO O am p. g a solme-driven. 15oH leods, lr oiler like new. used less than 3o h rs 
SI7oo, IOO* S Flores. 22* 1264 

Locators equip, mach. Tall fro* 
I OOO STI 4o3o ex) 3oo*____________ ll* 4*lf Loading F L O A T Tandem ro llin g tail Pipe 315oo C a n yo n 
Lake, I *35 71 17 
If f X K T E b 
6 * 3 * for (lot bed 
D u m p 
With ar without truck. 
494 N m . 
W a y n e a ir c o m p r e s s o r m o to r la n k , 
I P 7 ’ » H P H O V 44o t MOK PM , bes! offer. 142 4175, 7* 
Habv 

932 AUCTION SALE 

K E Y TO G R E A T E R S A L E S ’ 
G raver Howell CP. Auctioneers 
Houston. Tx 
T X C C 77 o154 
S A Office 
H O H W ye D rive 
Allen Howell 
St 11 454 ll IO 

9M H R IN 8«68i", tH'; 

T ^ y ii H in M is ^ M r e e a c T r T a ! « ? r nests, coops, feeders *24 2174 
We buy and sell Foster Bunnies. 
D u c k lin g s and C o lo re d C h ic k s 
715-4o51, 714 273o 

 f o r g a n s p ia n o s 
= 942 farm EQUiptmem Supplies 

HAMMOND 
BOUGHT! 

(Vt IH I f AWAI 

( A H I HH SOO 

922 

Ico u sR cg u rh P r tee, one horn 

B U Y U S E D M O B IL E H O M E S 
C A L L 
M A X __________ 
*24 4133 
T ) 1 * x4$ I bedroom . I bath cen tral heal, air, d e lu xe 46 p o lio cover Ned dawn. underpinnings 
1ox1o storeroom . 
341 2234, 
414-3141. 
I 
W r T O i i 
Equity and ussum e paym ents, 5*4 41 m e 349-4315 
* 11x4$ F ro n tie r ' I ' h r T T W 
E , w s t h r , s k ir l in p . 14x14 sh e d fenced. 7 g a rd e n s, peel U S A A , 
U T M SC area, 4*4 37*4 

( 4 . 7 5 ' I A M 
M 
I “ I I o w n in g s 

M A S E V E R Y T H IN G 
TO B U IL D A N Y T H IN G 
D u m o n o o e ri 1x11 H to 'v y DJTy 
Step Bldg 
W ood Sid in g T erm s 
Del 712 S ill. gS65~USt6 BAIL16A1!) Tift 
D e liv e r e d in S a n A m e n ia , 54. 
BBBB. 4 H -4 *H . 

LEPPARD LUMBER* 
Bi Fold D o e rs I l a in thick *2 " 
H igh SIS 44, N ew Scre e n D e e rs 
111 54 We m enu) atum ium n Win dew Screens I I M W com m erce 

 i a l f t o a t f e t t l e l l A B e q u f f f ijt j 
*" Molten Lumber Co 
[Beat. F u lly E p u ip p e B In clu d in g 
New Molar 5*5o8 453 I M I a u,;,„ Gulf f easi M ' w t K T O T T and 5hp SpobuM sim p 4SoB373 
S a ilb o a fs^ U R a a s. large selecflen 
N E W SeHbaai Shop, Austin 
4o4 Highlano M a ll BtvB *54 T H I 
W U ' i e A k IN G 
H m F aiplpr, deep V Itll frpdpr, HOO* *31 1ooo 

 nice lei 511,5oo 454 1*o2 
' lA.T r F A T K S T L' o t r i l I I N i 
I B ath ce n tra l air, b aal 
F a r lly j lurnisned 585oo 421 5*o* 
B o a a d a sJSr. heal *'< acre. fenced 
M u c h m oral 
SU ,*oo 
34* *536 i*43 11x45 Ihi i t bedroom l l u 'i 
Furnished 53oo8 4*4 ll SI 

Dependable Since 1*35 
C om pr see us far delivered prices 
(w ith in *o m i. al 
L A I on 
P R E F A B roof tru sse s, exterior 
WON sections, interior partitions o r co m p le te h o u se S H E L L on your plans or ours 
W H O L E S A L E 
R E T A IL 
4o7 N Z u r(am ora. 4)7 /OII 

Fir!R A Firm O rfke p o ^ ic K in g - 
SUO M a ll'e s s , 2 Box S t r in g s In 
Foundation. 575 Still in O riginal 
P a ckage Other Sizes Cost L o ss 
C a n 
O liiv o r . 
S M I T H 
C O N S T R U C T IO N 34o 4127 k a ra iiiin s Bow ntaw n T h rill 
Basement.. Now used furniture 
231 E Com m erce. 277 43*1 t A d i 'S Discount W areiiuust 
Used Furniture and Appliances 
*4) C O L IS E U M O R 
225 7444 
M ? 6 "iT f | I I A N H ff kin gsize i e dream Suite I mace Con Deliver 
5175 
S M IT H 
C O N S T R U C T IO N , 
349-4I17. 
7 piece d in p fip ,1 I I T JI,"' S p r e e s 
L iv in g ro o m SIO * t i. A sso rte d chairs. 5* *5 up 
I amen Lurnitui'e 
«I8 D oloroso 
111 8512 

IH I AC HON NU M 8IX roo lo s t b i cut rs 
F e n d ro u e m a x i a p in in s I x eel ss N I tars 
CAU l l s I AAA 

MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS ame; T l a ' lT 
" AT 
G ood con dition, j 
ASA A IS! offer 4 oopm lALbWiN 6*grFr/6^To-nK 
5 4R ) 
6*4 4o4* 

 d i T f U I T f P T A N d t o ---------- 
No Tim e Ltm il on Rentals 
Rental P urchase Plan 
1*o7 W W oodlawn 
734 *717 
E lko 41$ siring and piano synthi i s iz e r . to ta lly p o ly p h o n ic 
| k e y b o a rd . 4 c h a n n e l o u tp u ts, strin g s, cellos, cla vich o rd , end p lena 4 m o aid Stove 124-4111 j dago. 4o4-913* off * 
F e n d e r J o n A o s s new con cH 
. 8B8o and stand U IS 4*4-41*4 
QmWrt, l l sirin g w iM case Good condition 55o 734 *7o3 
HHT 

N e w F r o m $ 4 9 5 

U s e d F r o m $ 1 9 5 

425 R Ha ie 

Wonderland 

North Si n ., 

 m 
552o 
711-925o 

344 o748 

Guitar "Vl-sitrieo with cos# Ov»<i condition 538 734 *783 
H a m m o n d O 't o n 
5766 series, I k e y b o a rd , a u to m a tic r h y t h m | 
S a c r if ic e e l 515oo 
C o ll T om 
*34 *444 or *53 OOO! i u rg e b election al A n tiq u e 
P L A Y E R P IA N O S 
E D G A ID A S 
A U T O M A T IC M U S IC CO 
IOO* N Floret_____________713 154* le w re y O rgan 6 e m r m oJei Au lo rh yth m . I k e y b o a rd m a n y other leo lures 575o 455 175* 
L U D W lfl-b K U M 
--------- 
Coll after 5, 451 1/o1 
S K C A lfS anJ~P I A W A I P F N t t g 
O F H O N TO B U Y 
Dacbert's Music Plaza 
14oo N O o A L IT O 5 
52)3 W A L Z B M R p 
1 11 * 111 
43* 4**1 

III III ll III ll III ll. 

$ 2 o . o o A M o n t h 
R netts 
A B A L D W I N 
H i A N O 
IBM A gage ta* • ex rn Put sKtas. 
S IM S tA L O W IN 
o 2 3 LasckM i l S e lm a B tl. 
3 4 4 - 4 5 3 9 

O R G A N W urlitce? M U S T t # L L I 
W IL L S A C R IF IC E ! 
Toke eHer 
6*4-3435 
P e e v e y I i i B o o ste r. 45o w a il am p , 4 ohm, 5175 4o4 5*53 

SAVE IO Vi OFF 
A C L b r a n d s 

OLMOS MUSIC CO. 
419 NT M A IN 
T i* 1741 
H A S Ste in w a y C o n c e rt b ra n t! roro collectors Dom Rosew ood o lt p e n l c a r v e d lo g s 
Fern w ay Hah 1o45 111* 
S G I 

' Close-Out Sale on all G ooseneck 
Trailers. D IO So Flores l l * *318 
Tor moll H T ra d e r with planters, cultivator, I row batler 4*7 3425 
3? F erguson ta hp I point hookup with draw bar, excellen t con di hon A fe r I, 724 3231 
Ford ) bottom plow, goad as new 
Red Baron shredder 
Both 5558 
1*23 59*4 
F o rd *u 7 n rT F acT o 7B | equipment e ll 2231 a is# 7 row 

F o rd *N tractor, 5 **5 M F 165 diesel 54 1 58 M F *5 diesel, 5745o 
Ini 448 diesel, 57458 O live r l l d ie se l. 524o8 
1 new B r it is h 
Levland diesel, 47hp dent* 
5*25o 
I new British Le vlan d diesel 255 
55hp dem o, 5*858 
I new British 
L e v la n d 7ohp d ie se l. t85oo. I 
4 row peanut and m ate planter 
512o8 O ih e r E q u ip m e n t 
Joh n 
Lott. 58* 2422, Collect 
----------3F O R 'b T R A c T6 B S---------- 
IN ond FN with new ond used im plem enis 3788 3 Flores_________ lo ti G ooseneck T io ile r ^ axle 
Quick Sale 5 I5 M *24 74*k after j 
• rn 
B T F 
J 6 h n b t e r e 
Oiasel, 534-47ll 
Lindy liq u id NIF* open reft ipei a lor K R I*. 5288 *2 * 8134 
M o sse v F e rg u so n 184 ond F o rd 
8N tractors 233 *242 
A 
Mayor"* P um p I hp 186 with 7 pipe and reds cylinder I hp Sub merprbie 188 Ne 4 Subm ergible 
W ire ) hp Subm ergible with I V c pe 4*4 2*83 
M in neap olis M oline 

T H E T O R G E R S O N C O . 
7)9 Steves 
5)3 5145 
U S E b t o h D and u b T 5 'ToW 
F O R D T R A C T O R S 
E W A L D 
F O R D T R A C T O R S, IH I*. Hwy 
44, SORUM, TX t 379 4391 w'onled li$»‘<l Disc Marrow, I pl hook up Roasonobl* 921-3944. 
13 Ft tntarnotlonai Disc Morrow. 
II ft * I ft Gooseneck float I axle with alec brakes. International frontend loader Portable Suro 
Weight Livestock Scale I metal 
C r**a Fe*der» double side 2 Ton capacity. 1-788-2*98 ewer 4 p.m. 

CALL 
225-1666 

Off 
SUNDA Ti 
Gary's Antique Auction House 

Mardi ll, 1:3o PM 

917 Colorada, l arkbxrt 
Gary Un gip in en, TX GS- 77 -o354 

American Antigua Auction 
Jot. Mm. ll, 7 PM 
Jam Mar. IS, 1:3o PM 
Corsicana, Texas 
J I J Auction, TxGJ-77-o321 

o 
MONDAY: 
Utter t Auction Village 
March 14, 7:3o BM 
9139 J. Presa, Jon Anteaae 
JIM UJTt*. TXGC 77-o4o5 

W t D N C S D A Y i 
BARND AUCTION U LIS 
March IO, 7:1$ BM 
25o1 J. Hackberry, Jan An*ame 
John A tow!awd 9ann i. fiGc-77-o293 

O f f 
THURSDAY! 
Cobb I Sporting Goods 
March 17, ll AM 
1o7 I. Commerce, Brady, Tx, 
•alp# Sofars, TaGXJ 77 oo19 

o 
F R ID A Y : 

March ll, 7:3o BM 
$o99 Blanco Id 
Joke Jonas (J Kaka) 
TiGc 77 6929 

B onnie t tractor Sorvico 

M arch l l - IO A M 

O d Rio, T o ia t 

JAO Auctionoars, 
TXGc-77-o1 Bl 

[ET 
S A T U R D A Y ) 

Harte Skew A Sale 
Mardi 12, Son Marcel 
Mayes Ce. Civic Center 
Ar vee Wetter*. tlg< 7 7 OJO* 

JBo9TJ fOBT AUCTION 
42$o J Alomodo 
Corpus Ckrish 
Jal Mardi H a n d 19, IO AM 
Adams A Adorns. Is OC 77- 
oo52, oo53 

Mankitfen Kesieurani 

2211 Houlton Jan Ani anre 
Mulch It, 1o:3o AM fsGc-776293 

In regards to a recent 
AUCTION SALE held in Southwest San Antonio: 

2 5 o 
P e r s o n s rm - 

 g i i t o r o d l o b l d a t t h * o u c t i o n . O v g t 

5 o % o f f h o i o p e r s o n s w a r t 

 f r o m 
# « t o f 
H i e 

C it y o f 
S a n 
A n ­ 

 t o n io . 
O f t h o 

 t o t o l o f 2 5 o b t d - d o r » , 1 7 5 n o m o d 

 t h o i n p r o o B - N o w s o b b o l n | th a ir s o u r c a o f 
I n f o r m a t i o n 

 c o n c e r n i n g t h o S o l o . A n # t h o r 

2 5 o p o r a o n a w o r o o b a o r v o m 

 a t t h o 
A u c t i o n 
S o l o b o t d i d 

 n o t b ld . 
A s u r v o y w o o n o t t a k o n o f t h o n o n - b i d d o r a , b o t 

 m a n y h o l d t h o o d c l i p p i n g 

 f r o m t h o 
E x p r o o o - M a w o o n e n t o r i n g o n d t h r o o g h o o t t h o 

S o l o . 

2254666 

Boating bargains galore... 

In Today’s 
Want Ads 

Turn to ttig check over the 

^l«ttiliad soc 11on end 

 large selection of 

 good buys fight now 

 go 
T o u rl'p o in T 
Firs) 5788 cash 

94? 
- 
FARM 
WUU? 

EQUiPMIN! 
A 

U sed in 
*33 77)5 

 p i a n o “ e x c e l l m T 
Reasonably priced 828 *8** 
7 n 7 

 ready to 
43)25o1 
____ 
Newlind U>««( F aim t automen! v f T T T 
D IET Z TRACTO R CO 
I 379 1945 ar 458 1288 
522 (Hie. Ledum 

ROCK FICKER, hydraulic cen 
Ire) lift 7181 Negalitoi. 534 4/1 11 
B u i n r rg y ? 

Express/News 

Classified Ads 

R a n c h E q u ip 
B a rn s Pipe P 

W a i rn 
H ay and H orse ens 111 4911 days 

P H O N ! 
2 2 1 . 1 5 5 5 

AH h ibidem* 
Jet 
Cont 

Mothers ho## ae e i d u s r f 

 up and d ow n Agitator at 

♦ ion It gets (tofhes d ow n to 

M hert 
(leontnq power it 

 g r a t e s ! 
9 trines per iequip* wash <f de 

Frigidaire rotates 
The best selling brand rotates 

 clothes f Q ') times 
\ \ \ \ \ clothes 
) times 
TRIPI! 
ROTATION 
3 nwh Mom 
(«{{« 

(hut v 3 tim** rn OI r (hon 
'h* Wit blend J bnf 
« o i h » i 
Th* r r tu l l 
*» 

 d r o n e ! 
U o f h n with u frigxtair* lr! tone wovhrr 

RCA 9 d„g " 
AC/DC B/W 
TELEVISIONS 

 rior Year Models 

P age - 3 o -C 
H 
S A N A N T O N IO EXPRESS— Friday M ord i l l 1 9 7 7 
Parking discrim ination denied by school board 

 adm inistration toward a privileged few teachers,” she said. 
Supt. Ed Cody responded he had found no evidence of discrim inatory practices in the establishm ent of the parking system.. 
The assigned parking system in the one particular area of the cam pus was implemented to alleviate confusion in the parking area, he said. 
The situation before parking places were m arked off was dangerous, Cody said. 
M rs. 
U p tain a sk e d , how ever, teachers be allowed to use the spaces on a first-com e” first-served basis. 
R aul F ernandez, board president, told M rs. U ptain a first-com e-first- served basis would not elim inate the safety hazard. 

 teacher and president of the Northside 
Federation of Teachers, AFL-CIO. 
In a prepared statem ent, Mrs. Up­ tain said one-fifth of the teachers at 
M arshall w ere assig n ed p re fe rre d parking places. 
' The arrangem ents, she said, w ere m ade w ithout consultation w ith the teachers involved. 
Denies opportunity 

“ The arrangem ent denies equal op­ portunity to less favored teachers to use the parking space most convenient to them ,” Mrs. Uptain said. 
M rs. U ptain charged the p rim ary parking places were assigned to white, male, non-union m em ber coaches. 
“ This is favortism on the part of the 

By LIZ SWEET 
Northside School D istrict trustees 
Thursday heard charges parking arrangements at John Marshall High School discrim inated against fem ale teachers. 
After discussion of the issue in a special session, the board unanimously voted to deny a grievance brought by 
M ary F ra n c e s U p tain , a M arsh all 
Teacher loses by winning 
St. Mary’s to show m odel classroom 

WEST PLAINS, Mo. (A P) - Vicki 
Stevens won a hot pants contest to pay her bills but lost her job in the bargain. 

Miss Stevens, a 24-year-old brunette, said she resigned as a speech and dram a teacher at W est P lains High 
School rather than fight the super in- te n d e r s plans to suspend her. s t M:ir>, s Unlverslty s child Deve- 
She said she had missed a consider- lopment Center will operate a demon- able amount of time at work this year stration classroom from IO a.m . to 3 and lost some money because of her p.m. Saturday in North Star Mall, absence at school. She said the $5o 
The demonstration classroom will be prize was her main reason for entering set up in front of the Branding Iron the contest. 
Restaurant. 
She was one of three contestants in Included in the presentation will be a the com petition last week at a West, variety of teaching techniques and 
Plains tavern. creative play activities developed by 

The sun setting through a clearing late winter sky silhouettes an old barn near Huntsville, Ala. 
The clouds glow warm as the bright orb sinks into the west, leading to the satisfaction the sun will be setting later each day, bringing the warmth of spring. — AP Wirephoto. the St. M ary's University Education 
Departm ent. 
Mrs. Dana Callen, center director, and other instructiors will be available to discuss the center’s program s with interested parents. 
The St. M ary’s Child Development 
Center, located at 2339 N.W. M ilitary 
Hwy., is designed for children aged 18 m onths through nine years. 
Library branch named after form er em ploye 

San Antonio Public Library 
System trustees named the newest library branch Thursday after a 35-year employe who died last month. 
The branch is to be called the Isabel 
G. Bazan Library. 
The w w branch will be located in the 

M ex ican -A n ierican U nity C ouncil 
Center at 2314 W. Com m erce St. 
A fter u n a n im o u sly a p p ro v in g a waiver to the policy which prohibits the sy stem ’s board of tru stees from naming a branch after a form er board m em ber or staff employee, the board selected the nam e by acclam ation on a motion by Mrs. Adela Eseareno. 
The board acted swiftly after listen­ ing to a parade of 27 citizens 

 to m ake the selection by acclam ation. 
Miss Bazan was a native of the West 
Side, where the new branch which will open in June, and was a graduate of old 
San Fernando High and Our Lady of the Lake University. 
Hartman is party honoree 

S T N 
— 
■ t v . n 

District 8 library sought 

City Councilman Ford Nielsen wants a public library branch located in 
District 8. 
That is the district from w hich Niel­ sen is seeking re-election. 
Addressing the Northw est Rotary 
Club T hursday, Nielsen said he is working toward the elimination of the five per pent sales tax currently paid on utility Tulls. 

Strong support 

Mrs. Carol Sprague, who m ade the waiver m otion, pointed out 17 of the citizens had voiced strong support for 
Miss Bazan, who worked at the main library the last five years. 

Only three other nam es were m en­ tioned prom inently in the p re se n ta ­ tions. They were Nemo H errera, Jacob 
G. Rodriguez and Romulo Muniga Sr. 
Mrs. Leone Reeves nom inated the name of Rep. Henry B. Gonzalez, but later withdrew the nomination in order 

City councilman Glen H artm an will be honored on his 48th birthday Friday in the best way there is to honor a candidate for re-election to a political office. 

Supporters of H artm an—in his bid for re-election from District 9—will honor him with a fundraising cocktail party from 5:3o-8 p.m . Friday. The party will be in the Top of the Park 
Room, GPM Tower North, above Cen­ tral Park Bank, Blanco Road and Loop 
41o. 

Tickets at $1o each are available at 
H artm an's headquarters at 916 Oblate 

FRIGIDAIRE “SOCKS IT TO EM” 

W E G E T C L O T H E S C L E A N E R . . . 
IT’S A PROVEN FACT! 
Frigidaire 
“Socks it to 
’em ” and independent laboratory tests prove it!* With our exclusive jet cone agitator action, we get clothes down to the bottom of the tub, where cleaning power is greatest, on average of 9 times per eyelet 
Tasted in accordance w ith th e AH AM stan d ard H IW -I soil rem oval te st using a 15 lh. dry w eight raised cotton to st load. 
WASHER 
M prices (wa) rn im \M start at 
A T / s 

R ep u b lican w o m en 's c lu b s, m eanw hile, are busy lining up ap­ pearances of candidates in the April 2 city election. 

Club sessions 

D istrict 9 and IO candidates will ad­ dress the San Antonio Republican Wo­ m en’s Club at the Tee Pee Steak House at 9:3o a.m . Monday. The D istrict 8 candidates will address the Alamo City 
Republican W omen’s Club at IO a.,rn. 
T h u rsd a y in th e L ib erty N ational 
B ank, 119oo B lanco Rd. at W est 
Avenue. Also on T hursday, the Blue­ bonnet Republican Women will hear the District 6 candidates at 7:3o p.m . in the residence of Mrs. Jam es H arris, 
122 Mountain Valley Dr. 

District 4 council candidate Jim m y 
Flores will hold a picnic and dance 
Sunday at Mission County Park sta rt­ ing at noon. Chalupa plates will be sold for $1.25. On Saturday, Flores will be honored at a 7:3o p.m. dance at Casa 
Grande Party House. 1o111 S. Zarzu- mora St. Admission is 5o cents. 

 flurriot 

M in 
7© 
V 
Cold 

Show#™ Stationary Occluded 
Oata from 
NATIONAL WEATHER SERVICE. 
NOAA, U S Dept of Commerce 

SAN A N T O N I O A N O V I C I N I 
T Y % f»OMtv i lo u ry a n d tooler tto r O U O * F rid a y night. b e c o m m a 
N n r O dd tndd S a tu rd a y 
N o rth tv W in d * rS lo ?S m p h 
L o w F r i d a y in m e m id 4os 
H i e s f r id a y in (h r u p p e r Ao%. H ig h 
S o la r d a y in the low /Os 
S u n r<M>v a i A 49 a n d se t* a i 6 4o 
Tnt m oon is lull. M o o n se t* at ll; 13 a r n 
T em eer atar es lo u r s d o v r o u g e d fro m SA to /9 de a r f e s 
(N a tio n a l W e a th e r S * r v*«> forecast > 
R E L A T I V E 
H U M I D I T Y 
- 
6o p e r c e n t o s of I p m 
T h u r s d a y 
P R E C I P I T A T I O N 
T o t a l r a i n f a l l tor th e J I h o u r p e r i o d ■ e n d i n g 
O ' 
6 p rn 
T h u r s d a y , n f n e ; to r th e m o n th , 
, 2 1 o t a n in c h ; to r th e y e o r . 
4 2$ in c h e s . 
A c c u m u l a t e d d e p a r t u r e t r a m n o r m a l t o r th e m o n t h , m m u i i t p l o n inc h ; to * th e y e a r p lu s J U a t a n m e n . 
N O R T H t e x a s - D e c r e e y a n g c lo u d in e s s a n d t u r n in g co a te r F r i d a y 
P a r t l y c lo u d y f r id a y n ig h t and S a tu rd a y with a ch an ce of sh o n rrrs in the n o r th p ortions Cooter f r id a y th ro u gh 
Satyr d o * 
S o u t h t e x a s 
- 
P a r t l y c lo u d y f r i d a y b e c o m in g f a i r S o 
•u e d a v 
C o o te r rn m o s t s e c tio n s t r t d a v t h r o u g h 
S a t u r d a y 
S h o v e r s a n d cc o t t e r e d th u n d e r 
•..n o w n r s o v e r t h e e a s t e r n p e r lio n s F r i d a * 
A L S ! 
T E X A S 
- 
C o ld e r 
F r i d a y a n d f / i d o * n i g h t w it h s c a tte r e d u g h ! s n o w in to *. P u n harun* 
F a ir and cool S a t u r d a y 
N A T I O N A L - 
R o m W ill be w i d e s p r e a d h e m t h e 
G r e a t 
P la in s to th e Atlantic C o a s t e m c e p * to r tn e n o r t h e r n 
A t l a n t i c 
C oast states a n d F l o r i d a 
T han d e r s to r m s w ilt b e s c a tt e r e d t r a m the to w e r a n d m id d le M is s is s ip p i v o l l e y a c r o s s t h e I o u th a n d 
C e n t r a l Plains 
S n o w w i n b e 
■ t i l l e r e d t r a i n w e s t e r n 
S o u t h 
O tis tw o lid o net- C e n t r o ! R o c k ie s 
R a m w it) s o t * a g a lo n g th e t l d f b Se T h P o i M u 
C o a s t 
E l s e w h t r e Nu- or jr o r tiy c lo u d y sk ie s a r c to r e c u s ! 
I t w ilt b t t o o le r t r o m t h e 
N o r t h a n d C e n t r o ' 
P i o m s a c r o s s th e n o r t h e r n h a lt a t th e M is s is s ip p i v a ll e y a n d th e w e s t e r n G r e a t l a k e s r e g io n 
M A R IM C 
W I N O S - 
N o r t h w e s t e r l y w in d s t i to 4? mph S e a s 6 to A te e ! 
I f D t S 
— 
P o r t 
A r a n s a s t o r 
S a t u r d a y p u g w e o tr r e r p a g e J woo trope N igh s at IC ll a rn a u d A 4 ? a n i 
L o w s a t ? a e a n i a n d J l l e m 
P o r t 
I sci h e I 
Ig i 
S a t u r d a y 
H i g h s u t 
11 a r n . a n d / l l p m 
L a w s at J -ss a r n , a n d 4 :o 4 p rn 

 f f c M P t M A T U H t 
E X T R E M E S 
L o w t o d e g re e s at 
Dimwit, 
M o n t 
H i g h : a v d e g r e e *, g t San d e rso n . 
G R E A T E R IA R ANTO N IO 
S a n A n t o n io 
SA 
/♦ 
9o 
S O U T H T E X A S 
A u s t in 
JO 
/k 
OO 
R f o w n s v in e 
A E 
J A 
O E 
C o r p u s C l e H t i e t t i 
UC 
C o t u lla 
S t 
Ae 
UG 
D e i Rio 
SI t i 
OO 
J u n c t io n 
St 
83 
OO 
V e la r ia 
S4 t i 
JO 
T E X A * 
Aphetic 
S J 
SA 
OO 
A lg in e 
4 4 
E E 
OO 
Arnot MIO 
44 
Hi 
OO 
E l P a s o i i t it 
OO 
F o rt W o r t h 
1/ 
AV 
OO 
H ouston 
SS t i 
OO 
Lubbock 
49 
/A 
OO 
I a ltu n 
S4 
'ti 
AO 
S a n A n g e lo 
S I 
ES od 
W a c o 
4 4 t i 
J O 

Winds hit state 

 a sso c ia t e d ness 
Strong, gusty northerly winds swept into Texas from the West Thursday sparking travel adv isories for that part of the state and rolling thunderstorm s into North and Central Texas. 
The high wind warning^ w'ere posted by the Na­ tional Weather Service for all of West Texas. Gusts early in the day had reached 4o miles per hour in the 
Panhandle and 3o mile* per hour over the rest of 
West Texas as well as in northern and southern portions 
Light drizzle and fog hit the Waco area early in the morning reducing, visibility to three m iles. 
The National W eather Service said the high winds would continue through the night kicking up dust in 
West Texas and the South P lain s. The th u n d er­ storm s were mostly over the w estern portions of 
North Texas moving east. 
Some snow' was expected in the Panhandle 
T em peratures in the 6os and 7os throughout most qf the state. 

 k — 
R E 
1 
S O U TH EA S T 

S A N A N T O N IO 
- 
P R E C IP IT A T IO N 
IEI/ t m 
Av#. 
RAC 
JOA 
I. IR ISA 
I . Ta s n 
«tob 
Att E.li IA I 
I N 
M a r. 
O W » IO 
IJT . 
4.19 
TETA W 
I 
A *# . RAC 
Age s a ; I t * l i t It.64 
M a y 
SJO A f t 
J 4 S 
U o / 
J a n 
I A I 4 AE 
J 95 
IO 44 
July 
S J 9 A 44 
IA « 
I I I 
A u g 
2 o9 I 22 
I JA ll 14 
4 *o * 
1/9 o Si 
4 S9 
IS /• 
OCt 
I 41 J JS 
J JO 
9 >4 
N O V 
J 44 
o o4 
I V t 
A /9 
D*c 
I 91 I At 
I Ii 
$11 

FRIGIDAIRE AIR 
CONDITIONER SALE! 
8.ooo BTU- HI EFF. 
FLOOR MODEL 
3 7 9 ” 

9.ooo BTU. I o NIY 
HI-EFFICIENCY 
2 5 5 

OHLY OHI lift 
12ooo BTU 
2 6 6 

HUGI CAPACITY 
19ooo BTU 
4 3 5 

W orkshop on enterprise set 

A workshop for teachers is being sponsored by the F ree E n te rp rise 
Council of the G reater San Antonio 
Chamber of Commerce Friday from 
8:3(1 a.m . to 3:45 p.m. at the Commerce 
Room, NBL’ Center, 429 Soledad St. 
A m erica’s free enterprise system , its method of operation, and why it has worked successfully will be the focus of "F ree E nterprise Update: A Free 
Enterprise Workshop for Teachers.” 
The workshop is designed for junior and senior high teach ers who are including free enterprise principles in their curricula. 
Teaching m aterials, refreshm ents, and p ark in g are provided free of charge. 

Atlanta 
4? 
Al 
Birm ingham 
49 
AV 
C h o 'lesion 
A? 
A i 
Jacksonville ko to kl*** Of toons ss 
/9 
Raieigtt 
14 a s 
Richmond is to 
Tam pa 
A J to 
N O R T H W E S T 
B ism a rc k 
JI 
49 
Boise tv 
44 
Casper 
It 
32 
H en na 
JO 
4j 
Rot Hand, O r* i i 
41 
Raoul City 
JA 
4o 
San Francisco4/ 
Si 
Seattle 
3/ 
S4 
SgOk ane 
JO 
4/ 
N O R T H C E N T R A L 
C h ic a g o 
43 aa 
Detroit to 
A / 
Duluth si 
SO in d ian ap olis 
4o 
A / 
Milwaukee 
32 
S9 
Mina Vt Paul 38 
SA o m a h a to aa 
SM St* M o u e to 
SO 
NORTHEAST 
Baston 
4$ to 
B uttals 
IS 
AU 
(ley eland 
4o 
A J 

SUPER 

FRIGIDAIRE 
FLOOR MODELS 

SOUTHWEST 
Denver 
Jo 
44 
Honolulu a/ 
83 
I o s A n g e le s 
H i m 
Las vegas 
43 
3/ 
P h O M t l * 
SB i t 
V s k L a k e C ity 
A t t to 
S a n O te g o i f i t 
S O U T H C E N T R A L k u n c o s ( tty 
SO et* 
L o u is VU ie 
3S 
/1 
M e m p h is s i 
) I 
Okiohomu I tty SI 
49 
St I outs to 
AZ 
W ic h ita 
SO 
AV 

Lawsuit hits teacher union 
Mony Stylos, Silts, 

And Colors. 
Froo D e liv e ry ! 

San Antonio School Board m em ber 
Betty Ann Esquivel has filed a $5oo,ooo libel suit against teachers’ union pre­ sident Paul R. Giamona. 
The suit, filed T hursday in 37th 
District Court, grows out of a news release issued Tuesday by Gianiona, president of the AEL-CIO’s American 
Federation of Teachers, San Antonio 
AFT Local 1356. 
Giamona, who says his union repre­ sents some 35o of the school district’s 
3,5oo leach ers, accused the board, among other things, of spying on the union m em bers’ mail. Dr. Harold Hilt, district superintendent, denied that claim Wednesday. 
The suit nam es G iam nena indivi­ dually and as the local’s president, the union, and KENS-TV. 

N e w Y o r k C i t y i t 
69 
OO 
HttltadffphKj i i 
AB 
OO 
P i t t s b u r g h i t 
A A 
.o o 
C o rf lend. Me, 
38 k l 
OO 
Washington 
16 
48 
OO 
F O R E IG N 
B a * ,* # o n o b s e t v a t i e i i . ta k e n a t 
A u m 
T h u r s d a y S a n A n to n io 
T im e 
T e m p e r a t u r e s a r e h i F o h ie ra s e .! H e m o n d C * n t l g r a d * ) 
9o DAYS 
SAME AS 
CASH • TERMS 
342-4566 
342-1951 
B K 

C R V 
T e m p r a t u f « 

W AREHOUSE 
-SHOWROOM 

Amouli© 
4o-4o 
Cloudy tooler 
A u k ! Mt 
4 k A A 
Cloudy, looter 
Laredo to /A 
C loud y tooter t o r goy Chi n il 
JA to 
F M i m ild 
V ictoria ke to 
Fairy mild 
QuUo>, Fort W ar Mi kk V 
Cloudy, m ud iii- A lie n B i o h m s n i le 
A k / A 
C loud y, tao ist • 
Moo-aI on 
AG AA 
F a i r , m ild 

Abet d*en 
44 g/ 
A m ste rd a m 
JJ ll 
A n k a ra 
44 
o / 
Antigua 
/v it 

M E X I C O iM e k t c g n t e m p e r a t u r e s a p p e a r in b a th F a h r e n h e it a n d 
C e n tig ra d e o r C e ls iu s 
F a h r e n hud is listed first rn e a ch colum n ) 
Ar apair a .. .*. 
,, t i 
14 
8V to 
MevKQ City 
48 OU 
Vt /k 
M orrten ev 
Ak i i t i i i 

7 1 2 3 
S A N P E D R O 

San Antonio Scoreboard, 
Express 

I 
SPORTS 
Bean leads, 

Page 
I -D 
H 
Friday March 111 977 

B a r r y 
; 
Robinson 

Walt Garrison is tough, okay 

Walt Garrison, throughout his career with the Cowboys and on the pro rodeo circuit, has been portrayed as a rough, tough in­ dividual. 

Yesterday, while sitting on the couch across from my desk, he proved it. He m ight be even rougher and tougher than most of us realized. 
Dan Klepper, our outdoor editor, has a personal belief that you can judge the toughness of a snuff dipper by his spitting habits. According to Dan, if a snuff man spits out excess juice every five minutes he’s pretty tough. Once every minute is not too impressive. 
Well, sports fans, you are the first to learn the results of a secret test con­ ducted yesterday. I say it s secret be­ cause even Walt Garrison, the subject, did not know about it. 

For two straight hours Garrison, the world's best-known snuff dipper, looked me in the eyes and discussed everything from youth soccer pro­ grams to the Michigan State's rodeo program.. 

And he ain’t spit yet. 
That’s right, Walt had a whopping pinch of snuff behind his lip but he remained comfortable and calm with­ out ejecting a single drop. 
This, our outdoor editor assures me, is an amazing feat. 
Really, though, this shouldn’t sur­ prise us because anyone who knows anything about the NFL and Dallas 
Cowboys realizes that Walt Garrison has been tough for a long time. He had a stom ach of steel long before he started dipping. 
Garrison dropped by yesterday to talk about his favorite subject ro- does. In particular, he wanted to dis­ cuss the Calf Roping Championships scheduled Mar. 25-26 in Fort Worth. 

Loves job 

Garrison, often called the best over­ all runner ever for the Cowboys be­ cause of his durability over a nine-year career, is now employed by the U.S. 
Tobacco Co. 
Because of national exposure on TV 
’ com m ercials, most people believe 
W alt’s prim ary duties are pushing various brands of a popular snuff. 
“ I’m in charge of our com pany’s scholarship program. We give $1oo,ooo a year in scholarships to rodeo parti­ cipants,’’ he explains. 
Garrison was a collegiate rodeo per­ form er for two years at Oklahom a 
State and, in fact, after graduating from high school he says, “ I received twice as many rodeo scholarship offers than I did in football. 
“ I got one football offer and two in rodeo,” he smiles. 
For all practical purposes, no school wanted W alt too badly. The rodeo offers came from Wharton JC, which offered only a partial scholarship, and 
Sui Ross, which said he had to make the team to receive the aid. 

He didn't get any callege football offers but his high school coach — "his name is Kent Clark, as in the opposite of Superman” — mailed films to Ok­ lahoma State, finally convincing the 
Cowboys to sign Garrison. 

It’s ironic that he played ball for a school nicknam ed the Cowboys be­ cause Walt Garrison is just that — a 
UMI per cent, dedicated, happy cowboy. 
"I love my job because it keeps me close to the rodeos, close to the people I enjoy being around. You have to work at something you enjoy. And I enjoy my job." 

His son 

Garrison says 118 different colleges have their own rodeos and ifs his job to visit each of tho&e schools and help them put on a successful event. 
“ I was tickled to death recently when the University of Texas called me and asked how to start a rodeo. It s good to see the big schools getting in­ volved. Why, did you know that Michi­ gan State has one of the largest rodeos in the country?” he asks. 

Garrison says his two sons, ages three aud seven, are already interested in rodeo participation but their biggest enjoyment comes from soccer. 

“ My seven-year-old is nuts about soccer. I went out last weekend and saw him play. Heck, I don’t know an­ ything about soccer — I wasn’t sure if I should cheer or boo.” he laughs. 
Garrison said he doesn’t care if his sons play football. “ Ifs up to them. 
But no, I wouldn’t let them get in these youth football leagues when they’re nine or IO. T hat’s too young. A kid should have fun when he’s that age. 
You can wear out a kid really early,” he warns. “ And someone that young can break a leg, and never fully re­ cover.” 
By now our conversation was almost two hours old and although the snuff had to be burning a hole in Ins longue, 
Walt hadn’t spit a lick. 
Come to think of it, instead of hun being tough, maybe I’m guilty of bad 
Harmers Only place to spit was the carpet. 

Bv JEFF GROSSMAN 
O f THC EXPRESS ST A ff 
The Spurs continued their march on Washington by winning their sixth straight game, 1o6-1oo, over the Cavaliers Thursday night at the Convention Center Arena. 

4 ll 
(.ROSSMAN 

It equalled their longest winning streak of the season, and put the Spurs only I12 gam es behind the Bullets, leaders of the Central Division. 
The loss dropped 
Cleveland 3Vfe gam es behind the third-place 
Spurs. 
Houston, idle 
Thursday, is one-half gam e behind 
Wa­ shington, so the Cen­ tral 
D ivision race remains tighter than a 
R acquel 
Welch blouse. 
The Spurs raced off to a 13-7 lead as they hit six of their first seven shots and ran as they pleased. 
The Cavs, who are slow good, lowered the pace considerably the rest 

Spur turnstile count 
Last night’s attendance............... 9.o88 
33 home games (1976-77)..___ 296,614 
33 home games (1975-76)............256,67o 

 of the half, and trailed, 49-47, at inter­ mission. 
San Antonio stepped up the tempo through most of the second half. But it was not until Louie Dampier swished a 
16-footer for a five-point lead with 4o seconds left that the Spurs finally dis­ carded the Cavs. 

Van 
/•ans 

If there are any more faithful 
Cavalier fans than Jim and Pat 
Lesnick and their two young children, let them prove It. They are following the Cavs on their 
13-day, six-game, 7,5oo-mile trip in their motor home. Why? 

‘•Because we haven’t had a vacation in a long time,’’ says 
Jim. “And we wanted to do so­ mething unforgettable.” 
Who says the pioneer spirit Is dead? 

“We stepped up the pace in the se­ cond half,” said Spurs Coach Doug 
Moe. “ But Cleveland m ust’ve played good because we couldn’t bust it open. 
“They got a lot of second shots.” 

Spurs’ center Billy Paultz seldom needed m ore than one. scoring 26 points on a 1o-for-16 night from the field, while snaring 14 rebounds and 

R ef pushes Cavs 

° x into foul bawl 

S ca n lo n lo s e s 

.. b u l A y a la w in s 

D e ta il*, P u g e 2 D 

By KEVIN O’KEEFFE 
O f TMI EX RUESS STAfF 

Let us just say that referee 
Don Murphy will probably not be on the Cleveland Cavalier 
Christmas card list this year. 

However, he was the man m ost talked about in the Cavs’ clubhouse after Thursday’s loss to the Spurs. 
Most of the Cavs thought the red­ faced official missed a call with just 1:35 left in the gam e. C leve­ land trailed by four at that point. 
C avalier 
Jim 
( hones tried to put up a shot from the lane, but was grabbed from behind, pushed from the side and hacked on the way up. There was no whistle. 
The Cavalier bench 
O’KEEFFE rose in unison. Assistant Coach Jimmy 
Rodgers jumping the highest of all, to vocally protest the play’s interpreta­ tion 
“That was a five-point play," Cleve­ land Head Coach Bill Fitch said. "Be­ cause (G eorge) Gervin went right down and scored on a layup.” 
('honers was at a loss for words af­ terwards. He sat on his chair, staring in the distance with a towel draped around his knees. 

“ I really do not know who hit m e,” 
( hones admitted. “ But someone came from behind me. another guy pushed me. but I still got up for the shot. 
“That is when another guy grabbed my arm. I do not know whether it was 
(Billy) Paultz or (Goby) Dietrich But 
I was fouled three times on the play. I asked them (the officials), but they said they did not see it. 
“ You just ha\e to go back to the ho­ tel and forget about it. All our games this year have been close at the end like that. We are either going to have to play better or forget quicker ” 
“ He was definitely fouled.” S purt’ 
Louie Dam pier said, describing the play. “ But there were so many of us who got him , he (M urphy) did not know who lo call it on.” 

“ I thought it was the difference,” forward Jim Brewer of Cleveland said, adding his thoughts. “ It is just our tough luck, though. 
"They m isted the play. It is a game of inches. Now-, we just have to go back and get prepared for the next gam e." 
“ It is just not right,” Austin Carr reasoned. " Something has to be done about that kind of thing." 
But it was Chones who was most up­ set. He even began to withdraw as re­ porters continued to question him about the play. 
"I really do not want to say anything more," he stated. “ If I talk too much about it, I might get fined.” 

AAA 
TIRE & WHEEL 
WAREHOUSE 

B F Good rich j! BEST STEEL BELTED 

RADIALS 4o,ooo MILE GUARANTEED 

 o n e , 4 
6 
. 9 
o 
GR78X15 
+F.f.r. 
OTHER SIZES A L S O DISCOUNTED 

B E G o o d rich / BEST 4o,ooo MILE 

GUARANTEED FOREIGN CAR RADIAL + F.E.T. 

I 55SRX13 

165SRX13 

175SRX13 

3 2 .9 o + 1 6 o 
16SSRX 14 
3 7 .9 o + 1 . 9 8 
3 4 .2 5 + 1 . 8 3 
175SRX14 
4 o .9 o + 2 . o 8 
3 6 .9 o + 1 . 9 2 
155SRX15 
3 6 .8 o + 1 .8 o 

165SRX15 
3 8 .9 o + 2 . o 4 

B.F. GOODRICH 
RADIAL T.A .’s 

GR6oX14 
^ 
G R 6 o X I 5 
59.9o +M T. 

OTHER SIZES A V A ILA B LE 
AT W H O LESALE PRICES 

B.F. GOODRICH ON-OFF ROAD TIRE SPECIALS 
I 2R-1 5 ALL TERRAIN RADIAL T/ A 
9 7 .9 o + 5.2o 
L6o-1 5 ALL TERRAIN 
4 5 .9 o + f.l.T. 3.5* 
Burbank shoots for state crown 
% 
THE M W K S S STAFF 

AUSTIN - It’s only fitting that the Gilbert Salinas era at 
Burbank will end at the state tournament against the other top teams across the state. 

The Bulldogs (34-4) will tip off at 8 p.m. Friday in Gregory Gym against 
Dallas South Oak Cliff (33-8). 
The game will be broadcast on WOAI radio. 

Fort Worlii Dunbar (38-1 and con­ queror of defending state champion Kl 
Paso Eastwood i i i regionals) meets 

Houston Westchester (32-9) in me first semifinal at 4 p m. Frida*' 
Finals an* slaieo lor p.m. s a ­ turday. 
The ticket office at Gregory Gym opens ut I p.m. Friday and tickets are 
,ut a premium, depending on how many 

✓ MOKE; STORIES, Page HD 
✓ PICTURES, Pajge I A, 5D 

 each of the four competing schools will return from their pre-tournament al­ lowance. 
Burbank completely sold its supply of 2,(NM) tickets i i i s i x hours Tuesday 
Prices for “ block” tickets to the whole tournam ent (two Class AAAA 

 games Friday, one Class AAAA and all three Class B games Saturday) are $9 for adults and $4.5o for students. 
For a single game they arc $2 and $1 hut you had iH'tter get there early. 
"We think we’re going lo win," an optimistic Earl Meyer said before the team bused to Austin Thursday af­ ternoon. 

“ We’ve been able to stop people from running on us before,” the Bull­ dog coach went on, "and with the type of ball we play the kids feel confident ” 
“ We’ve got to control the tem po, though, and not let them run” said assistant John Campbell, harking buck lo SCX 's IOO-IIM) victory over Jefferson 

FAMOUS MAKE AIR 1 
SHOCKS — STRONGER 
THAN HIJACKERS 

ONLY $ 3 9 .9 o 

DUAL EXHAUSTS 

 o n l y 37.9o 

MOST CARS 

WHITE SPOKE WHEELS T ansin situ one-puce 
AS LOW AS l l 
M AGS — AS LOW AS 
$21.9o 
J I 
$18.99 
$21.9o 
J I 
$18.99 

BUY WITH 
I 
AMERICAN 
EXPRESS 

OR INSTANT CREDIT 

16o2 S.W. MILITARY DR. 
924-7321 

54o5 BROADWAY 
"SE"* 
828-6181 

1849 FREDERICKSBURG 
DOM ALO AON 
732-6118 

93o7 S. PADRE ISLAND DR . COA PUS CHRISTI 937-3185 

2753 S. PADRE ISLAND DR. 
855-3oo1 

2-D 
H 
SAN ANTONIO EXPRESS— Fridoy Morch l l 1977 

{ S p o r ts C a le n d a r 
Exhibitions 
Burbank 

Tiger ferns open net wars 

T he Trinity women's tennis team, winners of two consecutive USTA national titles, open their 1977 home season Friday against Lam ar 
University at 2 p.m. in the Trinity Tennis Stadium. 
Bere is a complete list of sports events for the remainder of the week: 

F M IO A Y 
Tennis: W orm Cbom oionsM p Tennis, 
Lbhew cv W orld of Tenors I? 3o d rn. P a ir ­ in g s : E d d ie D 'b b s vs. C lift O r v s d a ie , 
A d re n o P anatta vs. Vi tov A n ritra i 
C e l l * * * T e n n is : T r im ly w o m e n v s 
Lam ar. Trinity Tennis SUxlium, I p.m. San 
Antonio C ollege m en and w om en of Son 
.locMio Tournament. Pasadena 
Cohog* Baseball: Sam Houston at P an 
American. Edinburg, 7 p m . 
Centon Golf: St. M ary S Te*OS Lutheran. 
St. E d w a rd s in tria n gu la r meet. A ustin, 
12:3o o rn. 
S A T U R D A Y 
A re T eam s' W orld Cham pion ship Tennis, 
L o k e w o v W o rld of T e n n is l l a m. Tw o 

 ouorter-final matches. 
College T en nis: T rinity m en vs. S M U . 
Trinity Tennis Stodtum. 2 p.m. Southwest 
T e *a s men and women at M idland College, 
Midtond, 9 a.rn Srttn Antonio College m en ond women at Son Jacinto Tournam ent. 
Pasadena. 
College B ase b all: Abilene C h ristia n of 
Trinity (2), 1:3o a m. John Brow n ot T exas 
Lutheran (21. I p.m. N orthern Iowa at Pan 
American, Edinburg, 5 p m. M orn in gside at 
Pan American, Edinburg. 7 o.m. 
B ow lin g: 1B9-ond U n d e r T o u rn a m e n t, 
Southside L ane s, 3 p.m., 5 p m , 7 p.m. 
Texas Tenpin Tournament. Highland Social 
Club. 12' IS p m. A lam o T ou rn am e n t A s ­ sociation 
Tournam ent, Gotlod L a n e s, I p.m., 3 P.m., 5 p m,, 7 p.m. 

Rain rubs out 
2*1 Astro lead 

WEST PALM BEACH, Fla. (AP) — The Houston Astros-Atlanta 
Braves scheduled exhibition baseball game was rained out after 3^ innings Thursday with the Houston Astros holding a 2-1 lead. 
Dick Ruthven went three innings for 

When you are ready for the finest 

LLEN 
D M O N D S 

I® 

AAA 
X 3 □ 3 □□□ □ 3 3 X 

A A x" X 
X 
* X X 
X X X x" 

A 
X 2 X x^ X X X X X 
X X x' X 

 a 
X £ 
X X X JC X X X X X X X jf 

 c 
£ X X 
X X X X X 
X X X X X 
X X X X 

D 
X X Y ~x X X x X 
X X ITX X X X X X 

I 
X X X 
X X 
X 
X X X X X 
X X 

X 
X X X X X 
X X X X X 
X “x 
BROOKS SHOES 

311 N. ST. MARY S 
Phone: 227-4934 
3o Minutes free perking with purchase at Bexar County Parking Lot 

 the B raves, allow ing both Houston runs. Bob Johnson cam e on in the fourth, retiring all three batters he faced. Willie Montanez’ sacrifice fly in the th ird produced A tlan ta's only score. 
The Braves are to try again Friday, with Phil N iekro, Buzz C apra and 
Steve Capra scheduled to pitch against the Texas Rangers. 

At Tucket, Ani. 
San Francisco IN ) 
2oo o1o o2o 2 — 7 9 2 
Cleveland (A ) 
OOO IOO o22 3 — 8 13 4 
Montefusco. Curtis (4), D re ssie r (7), H eoverlo (9) and HIU, Alexander (7); Garland, Bibby (4), Bus key (7), L a R oche (9) end Kendall, H o sse v (I) . 
W — L o R och* L — Heoverlo. 
At Sarasota, Eta. 
Pittsburgh IN ) 
1o1 ooo ooo — 2 
7 o 
Chicago (A ) 
oo11oo lOx — 3 IO o 
Candelaria. M edlch (2), G lusli (4). Jackson (kl. 
Scherm on 8 ond D yer, Oft (5); Wood. Stone 14), 
Corroll (7), M artinet (9) and Downing. E sslo n (Bl. 
W — Hamilton. L — Jackson. 

At Yuma, Aru. 
Collfornlo (A) 
OOI o74 o1o — lj !J 7 
Son Diego IN ) 
22o o31 Six - 14 14 
5 
Simpson. D ro go (4), CristeHI (6), O vefy (7) and 
Kelly, Hampton (6); Kirby, Poster (4), Folke rs (S), 
Dupree (7) and Tenaca, D avis (6). W — Dupree. 
L — Overy. 
At Scottsdale, Aru. 
Milwaukee (A ) 
OOO OOO IOO - I 3 
2 
Chicago (N ) 
OOO OOI lOx — 2 I 
I 
Haas. Sorensen (4), Kobel (7) ond Moore. Honey 
(I) ; B urris, Krukow (4), P.Reuschel (7) and M il- lerwold, 
Putm an 
(7). w—P.Reuschel. 
L-Kobel. 
HR-Coooer. 
Ayala wins 

SPtCIAl TO THE u r n SS 
FOET WORTH — San Antonio fighters won five of six bouts in the second night of action Thursday in the annual Texas Golden Gloves State 
Tournament. 
In the featured match involving S A. 
•boxers, lightw eight Sam m y Ayala pounded out a decision over Luther 
Williams of Burbank. 
Featherweight Juan Rodriguez also won via a decision over Russell Har- disty of Fort Worth. 
Welterweight Alejos Rodriguez out­ pointed L ubbock’s M ark M urphy, while D erly C irlos did the sam e against Edmond E strada of Corpus 
Christi in the middleweight division. 
The fights enter the quarterfinal round Friday night. 

U O H T W B IO H T S — Som m y Ayolo. Son Antonio, dec. Luther W illiam *, Lub b ock.R am on Gonzalez. 
Brownsville, dec. Verne Suttertield, Brow nw ood. 
Bonnie Shield*. Beaumont, slopped Oocyte Nelson, 
Houston, T H O — I. Pronk W arren, C orp us Christi,, stooped Santa Costoneda, E l Pa»o, K O — I. Ruben 
M unox, O d essa, dec. R eu b en E stre lio . D a lla s. 
Robert Chapa. Port Worth. dec. M o nk Robinson, 
Wichita Poll*. 
* 
W B L T S R W E IB M T S — A te lo * R o d rig u e z , S a n 
A nton io , dec. M a r k M u rp h e v . L u b b o c k . G e n 
Hatcher. Port Worth, dec. Bonny Dial, Beaum ont. 

Baseball calendar 

W ednesday. M a rch * 
Detroit (A ) S, Boston 4 
Son Diego (N ) 6, California 3 
Thursday, March It 
Chicago (A ) 3, Pittsburgh 2 
Chicago (N ) 2, M ilw aukee I 
San Diego (N I 14, California (A ) 13 
Cleveland (A) I, San F rancisco 7 
Philadelphia (N ) vs. Toronto (A ) at D u n ­ edin, Pla., pod. rain 
Los Angeles (N ) vs. Boston (A) at Winter 
Hoven, Flo., ppd. rain 
Detroit (A ) vs. M innesota (A ) at Orlando, 
Pla.. ppd. rain 
Houston (N ) vs. Atlanta (N ) of West Palm 
Beech, Pla., pad. rain 
O akland (A ) vs. Seottie (A ) at Tem pe, 
Aril., 2 O.m. 
Friaov, March ll 
C h ic a g o ( A ) vs. P it t s b u r g h ( N ) at 
Bradenton, Pla., 12:3o p.m. 
Montreal (N ) vs. Houston ( N ) at Cocoa, 
Pla., 12:3o p.m. 
New Y o rk (N ) vs. Toronto (A ) ol D u n ­ edin, FIO., 12:3o p.m. 
Philadelphia IN ) vs. K a n sa s City (A ) of 
Fort M yers, PIO., 12:3o p.m. 
M in n e so ta (A ) vs. D etro it (A ) a l L a ­ keland, Pig. 12:3o p.m. 
New York (A ) vs. Texas (A), spilt sauod. at Pom pano Beoch, Pie., 12:3o p.m. 
Boston (A ) vs. Los Angeles (N ) of V e ro , 
Beoch, Pla.. 12:3o p.m. 
Texas (A), soil! squad, vs. Atlonlo ot West 
Palm Beach, Fie.. 12:3o p.m. 
Seattle (A ) vs. O a k la n d (A ) at M e sa , 
Aril., 2 p.m. 
Cleveland (A ) vs. Son Francisco (N ) ot 
Phoenix, 2 p m. 
Chicago (N I vs. M ilw aukee (A ) at Sun 
City. Aru., 2 o.m. 
Son Diego (N ) vs. Collfornlo (A ) of Holt­ ville, Calif., 3 p.m. 
Saturday, March 12 
C in c in n a ti ( N ) vs. P it ts b u r g h ( N ) of 
Bradenton, Pla., 12:3o p.m. 
C h ic a g o (A ) vs. P h ila d e lp h ia ( N I at 
Clearwater, Pla., 12:3o p.m. 
Houston (N ) vs. Montreal (N ) ot Daytona 
Beach, Flo., 12:3o p.m. 
Baltim ore (A ) vs. New York (A ) at Fort 
Lauderdale, Pla., 12:3o p m. 
Boston (A ) vs. Detroit (A) ot Lakeland. 
Pie., 12:3o p.m. 
Toronto (A) vs. Minnesota (A) of O rla n ­ do. FIO., 12:3o p.m. 
K a n sa s City (A ) vs. Texos (A ) at P o m ­ pano Beoch, Flo., 12:3o o.m. 
N ew Y o rk (N ) vs. St. L o u is ( N ) at St. 
Petersburg, Pla., 12:3o p.m. 
Los Angeles IN ) vs. Ailanto (N ) al West 
Palm Beoch, Flo., 12:3o p.m. 
Son F ra n c isc o (N ) vs. C h icago (N ) at 
Scottsdale, A ru., 2 o.m. 
Seattle (A ) vs. Son D irg e ( N , cl Yum o, 
A ru., 2 p m. 
M exico C»tv vs. O eveiand (A ) at Tucson, 
A ru., 2 p.m.. 
M i i w j 'x , (A) vs. Collfornlo (A ) at P alm r Springs, Calli.. 3 p m. 

C n t in e d from P age ID 

 in the first round in 1974. 
This year's South Oak Cliff team will put an 8o-point average up against 
Burbank’s 46-point defensive m ark, another reason for Bulldog optimism. 
Oak Cliff has scored 123 and 116 this year, however. 
“ If B urbank plays th e ir type of game, they can win it all,” says High­ lands Coach John Kemmerzehl, one of the six District 31-AAAA coaches who scouted the other three regionals for 
Burbank last week. 
Both semifinals will match the con­ trol-type team (Burbank and W est­ chester) against the run-and-gunners 
(South Oak Cliff and Dunbar). 
Westchester should be no stranger to 
San Antonio fans, for the Wildcats fin­ ished third in the North East Tourna­ ment in November, beating Jay, 49-46, and MacArthur, 87-86, in triple over­ time, before losing 47-4o to Ron Lloyd's 
W heatley E agles, the to u rn am en t champions. 
Wildcat starters are 6-6 high post Joe 
Costello, 6-3^ low post Erie Buescher, 
6-3 wing forward Mike Klorer, 6-o wing guard Neal Howard and 5-1o point guard Casey Hiker. 
Westchester surprised Houston fans by stopping Houston Wheatley, 74-71, in the regional finals. 
“ They controlled the tempo of the gam e pretty m uch and handled 
W heatley’s p ress,” said Jefferson’s 
Will Williamson. “They (Westchester) worked the ball down and got the shots they wanted. They fell behind in the fourth quarter but kept their poise, executed their offense and hit their free throws. 
“ They are a real sound, intelligent team and pla^ well together; they’re a 

Gloves results 

Alvin Johnson, Austin, doc Cloy H ubbard. 
Jerome Ponder, El Poso, dee. Anthony W iley. 
Houston. 
Middleweights — D e n y Cirlos, Son Antonio, dec. 
Edm ond Estrodo. Corpus Christi. Jim m y Buzbee, 
Fort Worth, stopped O m ar Gonzales. Austin, K O L 
Wtlford Scypton, Beaumont, dec D an n y Adam s, E l 
Paso. N orris M cKinney. Dallas, dec. Ruben Nuncio. 
Houston. 
U B M H eavyw eight* — M anuel G arcia. Son A n ­ tonio. doc. Blaine Butterback. Lubbock. G ro g Sing letory, D allas, dec. F ra n k ie King, H ouston. Ja v 
Strickland. Port Worth, dec. Honcho Lopez. C orpus 
C h risti W illia m M a r s h a ll. T y le r, dec. R o b e rt 
Chavez. Wichita Foils. 
Heavyweights — Charles Hostetter, Brownwood, dec. Robert Reynoso. San Antonio M att A dorns, 
Lubbock, dec. Steve Miller. Part W orth. Stanley 
Corr, Brownsville, won bv detoutt over Al Dom inev. 
O dessa. P a r r is P lo w e rs, H ouston , dec. L a r r e ll 
Brown. Tyler. 
A — 6.543. 
GRAND OPENING 

 w A I r l Another. . .a NEW i f n m rn • ful-lineassociate 
MONTGOMERY AUTO PARTS 

6877 Montgom ery Dr. 
S K O A L COUPON 

 frivols 
BOOTON I 

V 
I 
I U 

^,,5 ti MOTOR OIL 
SALE 
# 1 W ID R NPO 
(Nifk ietei feel I 
2 Days Only, PH., Mar. 11 
ASa*.. Mar. 12 

DELCO 
Battery 

YOUR CHOICE 

TOOL * 9 
9 5 
KITS 

Wt have 
FOREIGN 
CAI FAITS 

GO-JO 

Cl 

I 

7 9 

CxO-J O 

 in im mw 
HANDY HOM! r n I m a 
{MSP! NSI Ii 

NIEHOFF 
POINTS 

#1212 

REGISTER FOR FREE DOOR PRIZES 
M o F u r c h a t a N a c a tb a ry 
MONTGOMERY 
AUTO PARTS 
M T T Mont porno ry Or. 

^ 
6 5 6 - 9 5 o o 

M o * r M o * e * Y 
A L r r o f K r r v l ^ B I 

MOOTto M B R'- 

• V s 

• O tN H A v J tA A D 

R ift i m A *. tu> 

R U D M A N 
AUTO PARTS 
4723 RI nim an BB. 

6 5 3 - 9 3 o o 
^ 

■H O R II 

Scanlon bounced 

LAKEWAY (AP) — Veterans Hie Nastase and Ken Rosewall mastered the turbulent winds and their young opponents Thursday to advance to the quarterfinals of the 
$2oo,ooo Tournament of Champions tennis tournament at the World of Tennis. 

Nastase played flawless tennis despite frustrating gusts of wind and eliminated rookie Bill Scanlon 6-1, 
6-1. Rosewall recovered from a first-set loss to defeat 
24-year-old Wojtek Fibak of Poland 1-6. 6-3, 6-2. 
Rosewall and Nastase meet in the quarterfinal Sa­ turday. 
Nastase displayed textbook-perfect tennis, but no tem p eram en tal on-court an tics, ag ain st the 
2o*year*old Scanlon of Richardson. Tex. 
Basketball calendar 

MCAA 
Soiuraav. March It 
First Bound 
■ast to g tonal 
At BONNO. N C 
V M I 253. vs Duauasng. IS-la. * 'o 7 p m 
North Caroim o. 24 4. vs. Purdue. 19-8. 8:)7 p m. 
Af Phil ad •Ionia 
Princeton. 21-4, vs. Kgntuckv, 24-3. 6 o7 p m. 
Hotsfro. 23*6. vs. Notre Dame. 2o-6. 1:37 p m. 
West Begtenai 
Af |n o * C31 c 11 o I Baff# 
U C LA . 23 4. vt Louisville. 216, 3: IS p.m.. notionol TV. 
Long Beoch State, 21-7. vs. idohg Stole. 23 4, $:47 p m. 
At T t#C MHI. Af if ■ 
Utah, 71-6. v s Si John s. N Y., 21 9, 2:37 p m. 
Son F ron otco, 29 I, vs. N evod o-Lo * vegas, 2S-2. i IS o rn., regional 
TV. 
M M west Begienet 
At o Tri cs h o 
Cincinnati. 254. vs. Marquette. 2o 7. I: IS p.m., regional TV. 
Southern Illinois. 23-7, vs. Arizona. 71-S. 3:37 p.m. 
At N or mon, CNI is* 
Konsos Stale, 22 7. vs. Providence 24 4. t:Jt p m. 
Arkansas. TPI. vs W oke Fore*!. 2o-7, 7:o7 p m 
Sunday. M a rc h IS 
M ideast B o g a n s ! 
A l Btegmingtgn, lad 
Michigan, 24-3, vs Hoiv C ross, 23 S, IB *45 p m , national TV. 
Control Michigan. I M , vs. N C aro Charlotte, 23-1, 3 o7 p.m. 
At Balon Bouge 
Middle Tennessee. 2o-6. v* Detroit. 24-3, 12 o7 p m 
Tennessee. 22-4, vs. Syracu se TS-3. 2:44 p rn., notional T v. 
National Invitational Teunement 
First Bound 
Tuesday March 8 
A1 Omaha illinois State, AS. Crewmen Si 
Wedaeodor. Merck 9 
At NftiiitiR 
Houston 13.1 adion a Stat* 17 
At Stackshurf, Va. 
Virginia Tech |J. Georgetown O C , 79 
At Tulsa 
Oregon 98. O ro 1 Robert* 89 
Al Mgfatfc, va. 
V ilia nova 71. Old Dom inion 68. OT 
Thursday. M a rc h It 
At Su m mon#rn. At#. 
M em phis Stet*. JO-I, vs Alabam a. 27 44 
At Pride aion. N J . 
St Sonoran lure, 284. vs B u lge rs i i i 
At Sgrtagrtetd. Mess 
Seton Hah, lf I, vs- M assachusetts, IA-9 

MCAA Ce 8*o* D I vt stoa Tournaments 
Division ll 
Priddy, March ll tennessee Chattanooga ai North D o* aly 
CdsPaty. tan U t** Obi sec at Nor thorn A lab am a 
Saturday. M e rc k It 
Towson Stat* vs Sacred Heart af V o l* 
Sunda y. March l l 
C honey State vs R o n d o *** M o ro n a* Rte nm one. Va 
Divism* til 
Friday March ll 
•veero s * * d o s**.o n e* scan,ting yv*w«om Peterson af Scranton 
Saturday. M a rc h It 
Batton S*a*e ut Oneonta Wots duten au rg ai Roe# M vim an 

RICHARD M ARTINEZ 
. . . the 6th m an 

 lot like Burbank.” 
Salinas will bring a career total of 
2.187 points into the meet. During his four years as a starter, the Bulldogs have posted a 96-44 record. 
Ernest Puente, Salinas’ 6-3 partner in the post, will be the other Bulldog starter winding up his career. 
Junior forwards Steve Gamboa and 
Leonard Lambert and sophomore point guard Mike Poole will round out the starting five, as usual. 
Other players on the 13-man squad representing Burbank at state are Ri­ chard Martinez, David Salinas, Albert 
Hernandez, Richard Serros, Genaro 
Guevara, Pat Harvey, Angelo Gutier­ rez and David Vela. 
This is Burbank’s second state tour­ nament team. In 1963 the Bulldogs lost to eventual state champion San Ange­ lo, 53-52, In the first round, then dropped the consolation game to Dal­ las Jefferson, 56-49. 

MANY 
ADDITIONAL 
“ IN STORE" 
SPECIALS 
RIGHTS RESER Y ID TO 
LIMIT STOCK O N HANO 
N O DELIVERY AT 
THESE PRICES 
CENTRAL HARK M A U 
NORTH STAR M A U 
ARRO BROADW AY 
19oo BROADW AY 
34oo SAN PEDRO 
12238 NACOGDOCHES 
22oo E. HOUSTON 

-n i 
UL SEAGRAM’S 

 hT , , v .o . 

>OOD THRU MARCH 12TH 

86 8 PROOF 

CANADIAN 
13.29 

BOURBON 
SUPREME 

8o PROOF 

»/2 GAI. 
8.75 

JAMIE o8 
SCOTCH 
BO PROOF Vt GAL 
9.89 

RUBINOFF 
VODKA j f ^ i ^ B O P R O O j 
6.99 

CALVERT 
GIN 
BO PROOF 
Vi GAL 
8.o8 

LEROUX 

CREME DE MENTHE 

GREEN 

WALKER’S 
DELUXE 
86 PR. BOURBON 

STH 
4.19 

BEEFEATERS 
“ 
GIN 

 ll 
94 PROOF 

6o PROOF 
3.29 
5.99 

BEER u«> WINE SPECIALS 

HARVEY’S 
DRISYOL CREAM 
SA V I 1.4o 
5 99 
ST H 
« / • # # 

DRY SACK 
SHERRY 

S AVE I 75 
„ 4.5o 

P 
E 
A 
R 
L 
BEER 
1.35 
6 PIC CANS 

RIUNITi 
LAMBRUSCo 

S A V I 

STH 

S A V I 
1.79 

YAGO 
SANT-GRIA 
S A V E 
1.5o 

T rinity netters prevail 

By HARRY FAGE 
Of THE EXPRESS STAPE 

Ben McKown’s return into 
Miami's Hon Meyers’ midsec­ tion clinched a 5-3 victory for 
Trinity men's tennis team over the previously unbeaten Hurri­ canes Thursday evening at 
Trinity. 

McKown’s volley, which handcuffed 
Meyers, gave he and teammate Erick 
Iskersky a 6-2, 6-1, victory over Meyers and Tito Schon, much to the delight of 
UMI fans who braved the cold and wind to see the entire match. 
The big point came a split-second after Trinity's Tower bell chimed in­ dicating 6:3o p m. — 4*-2 hours after the match's start 
The victory by McKown and Is ­ kersky couldn’t have come any sooner for the doubles match between Larry 
Gottfried and 
Tony G iam m alva against M iam i's John Eagleton and 
John Geraghty was called because of darkness, and the Hurricane’s bans 
Dennett and lan Duvenhage downed 
T rin ity ’s Mike Davidson and Dave 
Benson, 7-5, 6-2, for the final team point of the lengthy afternoon. 
The match took four hours and 45 minutes before being called. 

MCKOWN returns serve 

Trinity hiked its dual match record to 12-3 in its longest contest of the year. while seventh-ranked Miami suffered its first loss in seven matches. 
“ What a difference two days make,’’ said McKown, who, with teammate Is­ kersky. lost against Arkansas T u e s ­ day. “ We really played well. We re­ turned well, volleyed well. didn’t make any mistakes, and didn’t miss anyth­ in g " 
“ We hadn't clinched the match yet,’’ 
Iskersky said. “ We were losing on the other two courts, so it looked like we had to win. We were fired up for this match — against Arkansas, we had already won the match, and I quess we weren't as fired up. We were ready to play this time." 
SPURS 
CAMERA 
NIGHT 
TUESDAY, MARCH 15TH 

PHOTO SESSIO N 6 P M # GAME TIME 7 3o P M 

Sponsored by Fox Photo 

Rice adds grill coach 

H O USTO N 
(A IM 
- 
Vince 
Sent ary, who served as an assistant coach last year at the 
U niversity of Kansas, was named assistant football at Rice Universi­ ty Thursday. 

Rice Athletic Director 
Homer Rice said bse- mary, 36. will report for his new duties Friday. 
Semary served as of­ fensive line coach at 
Kansas in 1975 and de­ fensive line line coach in 
1976. 

 during Thursday action 
PHOTO BY PAT HAMILTON 

Giammalva and Gottfried lost the first set 6-2, won the second by the same score, and were leading 3-1 when their match with Eagleton and Ger­ aghty was called. 
Gottfried com pletely outclassed 
Eagleton in the number one singles. 
6-3. 6-3, but Meyers’ quickness proved too much for the powerful Giammalva as the Miami netter won 6-1, 6-4, in the number two singles. 
Iskersky rallied to beat Schon, a southpaw, 1-6, 6-1, 6-4. 
But. the number five and six singles proved most interesting. Benson downed Dennett, 6-3, 1-6. 6-4, in a lengthy match that took a hour and 36 minutes. 
Duvenhage rallied in the number six singles to beat Davidson, 6-3. 4-6, 7-6, in another marathon match — two hours and IO minutes. Duvenhage trailed 4-o in the last set before capi­ talizing on Davidson’s inability to score on his volleys. The Miami netter won five straight games before David­ son pulled even at 5-5. Both players held serve to force a tie-breaker. Du- vunhuge won the tie-breaker, 5-4. on an outstanding backhand that caught Da­ vidson leaning the wrong way. 
“ Most of the players started playing like they did in Wisconsin,” said 
Trinity's Coach Bob McKinley. “ They really played together as a team and they played relaxed. I w a s quite pleased with the effort" 
Trinity entertains Southern Metho­ dist. which beat the Tigers in the finals of the Corpus Christi tournament two weeks ago. at 2 p.m. Saturday at 
Trinity. 

Salinas recruiting attacked 

AUSTIN (A P) - Texas basket­ ball coach Abe Lemons says all the schools recruiting San An­ tonio Burbank’s 6-11 center Gil­ bert Salinas have violated the three-visit rule, but Lemons hasn’t visited him once. 

“ I don’t believe in bothering a guy while he's still playing," Lemons told the UT student newspaper Wednesday. 
“ I ’ve always felt that’s the way it ought to be done. As soon as he gets through playing, we’ll try and get an appointment with him.” 
.Salinas, who has been contacted by approximately 2oo schools, plays in the state tournament here this weekend. 
“ Everybody has violated the three- limit visitation,’’ Lemons said. “ I ’ve heard that Duke is coming in this weekend for the 3oth time. And I've seen teams that have tried to recruit him 15 times.” 
The rule says the day a player is signed counts as a visit, so realistically only two visits are allowed. 
Salinas reportedly is leaning toward schools on the East Coast, “ lf that’s what the kid wants to do, I can't fault him,” Lemons said. “ Kids from out of state chose us.’’ Four of Texas’ starters in Lemons’ first year are from other states. 
Lemons said the 7o-mile trip to Aus­ tin should be one of his .best selling points with Salinas, because it means 
Salinas’ parents and friends can go to his games. 
Snakes beal 
Mankato, 4-o 

Right-hander Gary Fussed pitched a four-hitter and Charlie Migl drove in two runs with a double as St. M ary’s beat Mankato St., Minn., 4-o. Thursday in a college baseball game at V J. 
Keefe Field. 
Fussed struck out three and walked three as he evened his record at 1*1. 
The Rattlers, who play Texas AAM 
Sunday at 2 p.m., are 5-7 for the season. 

. M a n k a to St 
OOO OOO OOO - o 
4 
o 
St M a ry s 
oo4 OOO OO* - 4 
9 
o 
Jensen. W a rd e ll (O a n d P e te rs o n 
F u s s e d and 
T e re vin o W — F u sse d ( l l) 
L — Je n s e n * o 1). 

Salinas honored again 

Burbank’s Gilbert Salinas received another honor at the Bulldogs’ pep rally Thursday, receiving a certificate citing him as a McDonald's High 
School All-American. 
Salinas is one of 6o McDonald’s 
All-Americans throughout the country 

 selected by a committee headed by former UCLA Coach John Wooden. 
Salinas is now eligible for selection to McDonald’s 15-tuan team which will play in the fourth annual Capital Clas­ sic game in Washington. D. C. March 
31. 

RELATED SPORTSWEAR BY JONES ” M“ t o ^ u A o G E T H w T o L Y E S T E R 
EASY TO UNDERSTAND AND A CINCH TO ^ 

BLUt- BURGUNDY 
OR BROWN, S M I XL, SI6.So 

/~>d r i l l 727 7171 
PLEASE INCLUDE 5% SALES TAX AND 

? ,RDoo FOR MAILING OUTSIDE OUR LOCAL DELIVERY AEA NO C O D S 

HAMPTON SHOP 

A WHOLE NEW 
WAY TO DRESS 

WM. 

/ as 

\ 
\ 

 r n 

Bean cans 
Doral lead cornrow 

 h o u s t o n s t . at b r o a d w a y 
A l i i M cC u l l o u g h 

#1o CENTRAL PARK MALL 
# 8 NORTH STAR MALL 
4 SPORTS STORES 
SALE ENDS 3-12-77 

DOWNTOWN 9 3o TO 5 3o MON THRU SAT 
PARKING BEHIND DOWNTOWN STORE 

# 4 482o BROADWAY 
#12 12238 NACOGDOCHES 

ELECTRIC 
COUNTRY 
COOKER 

SELF-BASTING, CANNOT OVERCOOK 
OR BURN. Wilt COOK UP TO 45 LB. 
MEAT AT ONE TIME. 
TS262A 

• MESQUITE CHUNKS 
SMOLDERS FOR HOURS TO GIVE 
> 
OLD 
FASHIONED 
WESTERN 
SMOKE FLAVOR 
TS263A 

59.95 

2.79 a 
NYLON CHEST 
BOOT FOOT 
WADERS 

• SUPERIOR DELUXE 
N Y LO N INSIDE AN D 
O UT, LIGHTWEIGHT, R O O M Y 
INSIDE. CHEST 
TS12oo* 
POCKET. SIZES 
7 TO I 3. 
24.88 

GARCIA 
ROD-N-REEL 
COMBO 

MITCHELL 3oo SPINNING 
REEL - THE KING Of 
SPINNING REELS 
TS31oo 

TRUE TEMPER 6 Va 
MEDIUM ACTION 
I S S S ll 

REG. 33.45 
SALE 
24.88 

BASEBALL 
GLOVES 

• WILSON 
CATFISH HUNTER 
AUTOGRAPH FIELDERS 
GLOVE 
TS913A 
1o.95 

• WILSON PRO MODEL 
“ D O U G RADER” SIGNATURE 
GRIP-TITE POCKETS 
TS923A 
• WILSON “ RON CIY” 
PRO STYLE SN A P A CTIO N , 
DUAL HINGE 
TS9iSA 
• NESCO PRO PLAYER MODEL 
TOP GRAIN LEATHER, DEEP 
I I 
O C 
SCO O P POCKET 
IS14o46 
I l # 7 J 
• WILSON OFFICIAL LITTLE 
LEAGUE BASEBALL 
TS92U 

24.95 

19.95 

1.95 
1.99 

M IA M I (A P ) - 
Andy Bean joined the seemingly endless parade of previous- ly-obseure young men who have do­ minated pro golf this year, shooting a five-under-par 67 for the first round lead 
Thursday in the 
$2oo,ooo Doral Open 
Golf Tournament. 

The powerful, B-foot-4 
Bean, a tour sophomore and only 23. cut through the gusty. tricks wtads with a minimum of trou­ ble and left such stan­ douts as Jack Nicklaus, 

SUBURBAN 9 3o TO 6 OO MON THRU SA^T. 
ALL MAJOR CREDIT CARDS HONORED 

✓ Ut;SI LTS, Foge ll) 

MAXIVENUS 
LIGHT 
POWERFUL 
2oo,ooo 
CANDLE | 
POWER WITH GLARE FREE BLUE- 
E YIKE AM. 

TS2o16 
• VENUS STICK LITE 
AMAZING MULTI-PURPOSE LIGHT.) 
EXCELLENT 
FOR 
FLOUNDERING! 
AND FROG 
GIGGING. 
TS2oSB 

1 9 .8 8 

1 3 .8 8 

WENZEL SLEEPING BAG 
36x8o CUT SIZE, 3 LB. POLYESTER 
PERMALOFT FIBER FILL, SOFT AND 
COMFORTABLE. 
I A O O 
TS21 I AA 
I W b O U 
* 
• COLEMAN 

> ' j SLEEPING BAG 33’’X 7 r , 3 LB. 
I y 
DACRON, BB POLYESTER a a q q 
J 
FIBER FUL. TSI O U 
Z Z . O O 

• REDHEAD 
“ MOUNTAINEER" 

34” X79” 5 BLS. DACRON 88 
POLYESTER FIBER FILL. rsso« 
28.95 

 i 

U.S. C O A ST G U A R D 
A PPR O V ED 

S-M-L-XL 
1 9 .9 5 
TSI225B-TS! 231 8 

• FISHERMAN VIST GREEN 
YSI 3348 
• PEE WEE CO AST G U A R D A P ­ 
P R O V E D V E S T ttiai7» r N U V C U Y M I 
TSI l i f t O . T il 3291 

• JR. COAST G U A R O A P ­ 
PROVED VEST 
TS)33oft 
• BLUE DENIM CO A ST G U A R D 
APPROVED VEST 
TSI33SS 

18.95 

12.95 
16.95 
21.95 

FLG-TROL UVE 
BAIT BUCKET 
DESIGNED FOR M O ST 
EVEN, AN D BEST 
REGULATED W ATER 
FLOW . STAYS UPRIGHT. 
3 .8 5 

OLD PAL 
W o o DSTREAM 
TACKLE 
BOX 

FOR FRESH 
Q O C 
OR SALT W ATER 3 TR A Y S 
TSIOOO • 
+ 

• P.F. 5 ooo 7 TRAY TACKLE 
B O X 
WITH 
SPACE 
FOR 
ALL 
KINOS OF TACKLE 
TBI oo2 
24.95 

Johnny M ille r and de­ fending champion Hu­ lled Green struggling in his wake on the tough, 
7,o65-yard Blue Monster course at the 
Doral 
Country Club. 
Bruce 
Lietzke, the young man who has starred in g o lfs over­ riding youth movement this year, finally run out of steam, however, and went over par for the first time in 1977. 
His string of 26 conse­ cutive rounds at par or better came to an end on a one-over 73, which in­ cluded a missed birdie putt of only six feet on the 
17th hole, 
“ I knew it had to end sometime,” said Lietzke, who won twice and accu­ mulated a leading 
$123,ooo in his sensation­ al early-season burst be­ fore the recent death of his father forced him off tin' tour for three weeks. 
“ I took a realistic ap­ proach to the streak," lie said 
“ I knew it would end. But there’s not relief involved. I ’m just a little disappointed. 
5o drivers enter races 
More than 5o drivers will be in action Saturday when 
Fan 
American 
Speedway begins its 1977 
Stock Car racing season. 
Gates open at 6 p m and races begin at 8 p.m. 
Events will be run for the 
M ini 
Stock, the 
Hobby Stocks, Super 
Stocks and Figure Eight 
Adm ission to the speedway, which is lo­ cated north on 111 35 ut 
Judson Hoad, is $3 for adults 

Smooth as Silk 
Kessler. 
We couldn't keep our good name unless we lived up to it. 

?Moo1 H AS 

KESSLER 

 a m k h iC A ^ kN»~)i I> veil™ 

Smooth as Silk 
Kessler 

Mtus ur.su ii co. iawm vt 
(Ii IVO KLIVWU WNISUT DO NOOF U S - OMV VI 

Page 
SAN A N T O N IO EXPRESS— 
Friday March I I 1977 

Doral golf results 

MIAMI (AP) — First round scores 
Thursday in the $2oo,ooo Doral Open 
Golf Tournament on the 7,o63-yard, par 36-36— 72 Blue Monster course at the Doral Country Club 
(adenotes amateur I: 
Andy Bean 
32 35-67 
LeonordThompson 
33 35—68 
BobErtckson 
36-32—68 
Miller Barber 
34 34—68 
BiHGarrett 
35-34-69 
Buddy Altin 
35-34-69 
Larry z (eater 
3633-69 
DoveStocktoo 
3634—7o 
MocMc Leaden 
3634- 7o 
Peter Oosterhuis 
3634-7o 
GeorgeBurns 
34 3 6 - 7o 
MikeSuttivon 
3635-7o 
Loony bodkins 
34-36— 7o 
BobMurphy 
34-36—7o 
PhilHancocl' 
34-36— 7o 
MikeMorley 
3636-71 

SECRETARY! DESK 
BUSINESS EQUIPM ENT 

$1 5 9 oo 

BUSINESS EQUIPM ENT 
SYSTEMS COM PANY 
51S CUIEBRA 
735-61o6 

Tom Show 
CtjorlieSiftord 
AiGeiberger 
Gt! Morgan tom Joyce 
Mike Reid 
JavMoas 
JoePorter 
EdSneed 
DavidGrabom 
BenCrenshow 
GjbbvGilbert 
ArtWotl 
VictorRegakJdo 
KermitZarlev 
Orville Moody 
DenmsMever 
DenmsBradlev 
DanSikes 
UynLoM 
Jack Nick loos 
EdSado 
RandvErskine 
Do veE icheiberger 
TomEvons 
Gary Baker 
Boho v Cole 
Don Howlings 
GrahamMorsh 
MikeMcCul tough 
Mark Lye 
Johnny Miller 
Tommy Aaron 
CurtisStronge 
MikeSliDko 
ChiChiRodrtguez 
CesarSanudo 
RichFnedmari 
HomeroBlanoos 
HuoertGree*1 
J C Snead 
MarkHayes 
Gory (coct) 
BruceLietzke 
MikeWynn 
Barney T hompson 
DonPooley 

35-36—71 
35-36-71 
36-35- 71 
34-37—71 
34-37-71 
37 34-71 
36-35- 71 
33 3 8 - 71 
36-35— 71 
37-34—71 
35-36— 71 
37 34-71 
35-37—Ti 
35-37-72 
35-37-72 
34 3 8 - 72 
3636-72 
37-35-72 
35-37-72 
35-37-72 
35-37-72 
3636-72 
3636-72 
1636— 72 
3636- 72 
3636-72 
36 36— 72 
35-37-72 
3636—72 
34-37— 73 
38 35-73 
3637-73 
3637-73 
37-36-73 
34 39—73 
38-35- 73 
37 36-73 
37 36—73 
3538-73 
3638—73 
3638- 73 
3638-73 
38-35—73 
3637-73 
37-36-73 
38-35-73 
38-35-73 

STEEL RADIAL "BLEMS 
"BIG CAR SIZES 

HR 15 
JR 15 
LR 15 

4oo S. FLORES 
AT DURANGO 
2264111 

 l l 

RichardCrowtora 
J/-J6—ti 
Jim Dent 
3637-73 
Bobby Mitchell 
3637- 73 
Jim Colbert 
3638-73 
BobbyNichois 
3637-73 
Sam Far low 
37-36-73 
TomWeiskoof 
3637-73 
TonvJocklin 
37-36-73 
F lorentinoM Olina 
3637-73 
Jerry AAC Gee 
3638-73 
BobLunn 
3638-73 
WaHvArmstrong 
3637-73 
Jay Friedman 
3736-73 
KenStill 
37 3 7 - 74 
JohnGentile 
38 36- 74 
DaveNewauist 
3638-74 
Do Ie Do uo lass 
3638- 74 
LouGroiKjm 
38 36-74 
RodCurl 
38-36— 74 
Marty Fleckmon 
3638-74 
JohnSchroeder 
3638-74 
BillKratzert 
3638-74 
FronkBeard 
3737-74 
Bob DI ck son 
37 37-74 
Bill Rogers 
3636—74 
BruceFleisher 
37-37-74 
Jim King 
3638-74 
BobPoyne 
344o -74 
StanLee 
37-37-74 
BobZender 
36 3 9 - 74 
BobCrlssv 
38 36—74 
Woody B face bu rn 
37-37— 74 
Monty Kaser 
3638-74 
GeorgeJohnson 
3639- 74 
Pay Floyd 
3638- 74 
Larry Hinson 
3639- 74 
ButchBaird 
3638- 74 
AllenMiller 
3639-74 
Lee. Trevino 
35 39—74 

BrtanBurnes 
3639-74 
ChorlesCoodv 
3636—74 
DoveMarr 
34 4o— 74 
Peter Jacobsen 
38 36— 74 
SteveCam 
3639—75 
TerryDiehi 
39 36—75 
PatFitzsimons 
37 38-75 
BabeHiskev 
39 3 6 - 75 
Cherte sOwens 
37 38—75 
DaveGlenz 
3637—75 
DoveHaberle 
4o-35— 75 
HowardT witty 
37 38-75 
LauneHommet 
36 39— 75 
DaveLundstrom 
3639- 75 
BobGoolbv 
3637-75 
MikeHill 
3639—75 
BobMenne 
37-38-75 
LionelHebert 
3639—75 
DaleHoves 
3637-75 
VincenteFernande/ 
3637-75 
TommyMcGinnis 
39 3 6 - 75 
GarvWintz 
41 35—76 
SfeveVeriato 
39 37-76 
ForrestFezier 
38 3 8 - 76 
TonyCerda 
38 3 8 - 76 
Andv North 
364o- 76 
Dow F mster wok) 
39-38- 77 
DaveHiti 
3639—77 o Dick Sider owl 
38 39—77 
BiHMallon 
36 39-77 
GeneL iffier 
3639-77 
Bobby Eastwood 
39 3 8 - 77 
Keith Fergus 
42-35-77 

“ FAMILY FUN IN THE OUTDOORS” 
The 1977 San Antonio 
Camping & 
TRAVEL SHOW 
Wednesday, M ar. 9 — Sunday, M ar. 13 
Convention Center Exhibit Hail 

Fold-Out Campers • Pickup Coaches • Fifth Wheels 
Travel Trailers • Van Campers • Motor Homes 

— plus — 
RV Accessories • Vans • Campgrounds 
Marinas • Outdoor Clubs 

TRAVEL 

★ Mexican Tourist Bureau ★Resorts 

AND 
★ Falstaff s Annual Dart Classic * 
★ Continous Travel Film Theatre ★ 

SHOW OPEN TONIGHT 

Admission: Adults $2.oo — Children under 12 5o* 

Wednesday through Friday.. 5 oo p rn. to 1o oo p m. 
Saturday 1:oo p rn. to 1o oo p m — Sunday I OO p m. to 7:oo p.m. 

Sponsored by the Alam o Chapter o* the Rev real • DRI V#h*C'i§ Desk 
I Am erica 

F i s h i n g 
R e p o r t 

A forecast of rain shrouds the fishing outlook overthe South Texas area 
Speckled tro u t and drum were dom inant catches af the bay areas 
Thursday while black bass and crappie w ere a oooulor catches of the lakes. 

PORT ISABEL — Speckled tro u t at m a rk e rs 69 through 89. The w ater is calm and cieor. Live bait is available. 

PORT M A NSFIELD — 
D rum , speckled trout and redftsh In the g u lf channel. The w o te r is chO D D v and and clear. Live bait is not available. 

LAGUNA M ADRE — Speckled tro u t at m a rke rs 
75 and 95. Redtish and drum in the Infracoastal 
Canal at m a rke r 13. The w oter is choppy and clear. Live bait is available. 

ROCKPORT — 
Speckled tro u t and d rum in 
Copono Bay 
The w ater is calm and cieor. Live bait is available. 

CANYON LAKE — 
Crappie and perch in shat low waler. The w ater is choppy and clear. 

AMISTAD LAKE — 
Striped, black and w hite boss in Devil s River. The woter is choppy and clear 

FALCON LAKE — 
Black bass ond crappie iii the creeks W hile bass also reported The w ater is calm and clear. 

BRAUNIG LAKE — 
Black bass and catfish at the dam. The water is choppy and clear 

M ED IN A LAKE — 
Black ond w hite boss 
The water is calm ond clear. 

LAKE BUCAHANAN — 
W hite bass in deep water. Black bass in shallow w ater. The w ater is choppy and cieor. 

CALAVERAS LAKE — 
Black boss biting on spinner bait and catfish biting on cut bait in the shallow water. The w oter is •" 

LAKE LBJ — White boss of the dom . The w ater is choppy and clear 

H o r M 
* R a r i n g 

OAKLAWN PARK: 
Feature — Way Enough 
($7.oo), Ocalo Squire, No Reflection. One m ile and 
7o yards rn I 46. 
AQUEDUCT: 
$25,ooo F irst Aid Purse - Due 
Diligence ($6.4o), Great Above. M agnetizer. One and 116 miles in I 43 3/5. 
G A R D E N S T A T E : 
F e a tu re — C ub H u n t 
(SIS 6o) 
BOWIE: Feature — Here Jet ($82.2o), L arge as 
Life, Le Bon Chevalier 
SPORTSMAN S. 
$7,2oo Tiny Tim Purse — All 
Putted Up ($14 6o), Super Savings. Auntie Irene 
Si* furlongs in 1:13 4/5. 
O A K LA W N : 
$12,ooo F e a tu re — A m a d e v il 
($5 6o), Lanvon s View. Ole Forem an Six furlongs in 1:11 1/5. 
H IALEAH: 
Feature — Khyber King ($29 8o), 
Buena Shore, Flashy Image Six fu rlon g s in 1:o8 
4/5. 
LOUISIANA DOWNS: 
Feature — The Outcast 
($3 4o), Hugh H 
N arctlc Son, Seven furlongs in 
I 27.o. 
GOLDEN GATES FIE LD S : 
$1o,ooo feature - 
Silverlake ($4 8o), I'm a Charger, Fleet Courage 
One m ile in 1:37 IS 
SUFFLOLK DOWNS: 
$4,4oo feature 
G rand 
Ole Irish ($13 6o), Charlie s Gal, L ib e rty Tree Six furlongs in t it 45. 
SNATA ANITA: 
$15,ooo feature - Place Dau phine ($14 7o), Favored Loveliest, Santha 
One ond one eighth miles in 1:49 25. 

I . o l f 

PLEASANTON IN V ITA TIO N A L 
Team: 
Hays Consolidated 4o5. Pleasanton 4o6. 
Cuero 414, Fredericksburg 415, K e rrv ille Tivv 4)8, 
Kenedy 44o. C arrizo Sorings 548. Medalist: Joyce 
Collier, Smithson Valley, 88. 
TU R TLE CREEK W OMEN 
Sue 
C ru m , 
81 15 — 66, 
C o re n e 
H e m s m g . 
98-32—66; Kay Orth, 11o-4o—7o. Low putts. C rum , 
78. Nine-Hole — Judy Smith. 55-7o—35; N orroine 
Oehler, 59-7o- 39 
WINCREST WOMEN 
F irst Flight — LG, G loria H athow ay. 8o. LN , Sis 
Weston, 93 26—67 
LP. Dot K inn e v, 31. Second 
Flight — LG. Shirley H errm ann. 86 LN , E leanor 
Moore. 92 27—65 LP, M ary Hooker, 3o Nine Hole 
— LG. Verna Kellogg 
45 
LN. Eleanor A chgill. 
57-17—33. LP, M ortho Callaghan, 16; Jean Hansen. 
16. 
D EVIN E 
There w Lli be o pro-am Saturday beginning at 
1:3o a m. at Devihe For m ore inform a tio n contact 
Doug Downing at 663-9943. 

W E E K E N D E R S 
The weekly tournam ent w ill be played Saturday at Olmos golf course. Tee tim e is 12 3o p m 

RANDOLPH WOMEN 
President s Cup — M ortho E aster. 92-27—65 VP 
Cud — A uoree D ruen. 95 29—66 
C ham pionship 
Flight — Nito W hiting. 68; Roxie Shook. 68. Nell 
B erry, 69 
LP, Sylvia Elsev, 29. F irs t F lig h t — 
Helen Eorney, 71; Vt Robb, 7 J e rry Sm ith, 73. LP, 
Robb. 3t. Second F ligh t — Beo Root 
7o 
Jane 
Wode. 72. LP. Audree Druen. 79. 

T r n r i t 

I i 

.... 
? m m 
Slain 
The body of Howie Steadier, manager of world featherweight champion Danny Lopez, was found in a car near Los Angeles late Wednesday night. Police were following a kidnap clue to try and solve the murder of the 
72-year*°ld Steindler. — AP 
Wirephoto 

T e n n i s 
TEXAS AAI 5, TEXAS LU TH E R A N o 
SINGLES: 
Yolando Garza aet. Janis Bruns. 6-o. 
6-4, Ofie Castro def XI Gonzalez, 6-1, 6-1; Kathy 
Garza def Mac Kelm , 7-5, 6-2; Hanna H avdo del. 
Carlos Budicek, 64, 6-2 
DOUBLES: 
V. Garza 
Castro def Bruns Kelm , 8 2 (pro set). 

B a s e b a l l 
Pon Am erlcon 5, Arkansas State I 
Sam Houston State 13, N orthern Iowa ll 
M orningside 3, N orthern lowo 7 

S h o o t i n g 

GUN TO URNAM ENT 
C loverleaf Gun C luo w ill host a p is to l to u r­ nament at Pershing Pistol Range af F o rt Sam 
Houston on S aturday and Sundov at 8 3o a rn. 
Admission is free 

H o e k e y 

NATIONAL HOCKEY LEAGUE 
C AMPBELL CONFERENCE 
Patrick Division 
W 
L 
T 
Pts 
GF 
GA 
Philadelphia 
42 
14 
12 
96 
256 
182 
N Y. 
Islanders 
41 
19 
9 
91 
238 
165 
Atlanta 
27 
3o l l 
65 
714 
726 
N Y 
Rangers 
25 
31 
13 
63 
233 
263 
Smythe 
Division 
St Louis 
29 
32 
7 
65 
196 
225 
Chicago 
23 
36 
IO 
56 
214 
257 
Minnesota 
IV 
34 
15 
53 
2o5 
263 
Colorado 
19 
38 l l 
49 
194 
752 
Vancouver 
2o 
4o 
8 
48 
184 
255 
WALES 
CONFERENCE 
Norris 
Division 
Montreat 
51 
8 l l 
113 
337 
162 
Pittsburgh 
29 
27 
13 
71 
2o8 
214 
Los 
Angeles 
21 28 
13 
67 
773 
7o6 
Washington 
19 
37 
13 
51 
'85 
264 
D etroit 
16 
43 
S 
4o 
168 
252 
Adams 
Division 
Buffalo 
4? 
2o 
6 
9o 
25? 
187 
Boston 
4) 
21 
7 
89 
268 
2o8 
Toronto 
3o 
27 
I) 
71 
261 
237 
Cleveland 
71 
37 
IO 
52 
196 
237 

SA ROADRUNNERS 
The R oa drunners w ill sponsor tw o ra ce s o five m ile and a IO m ile run, Saturday beginning at 
9 a m . at Mission County P ark. On Sunday, the 
Roadrunners w ill hold a log o long fro m 8 u ntil IO a rn. at M cA llister Park and South Side Lions 
Park. 

B ILLIES RELAYS at Fredericksburg 
Saturday 
Starting times: G irls and boys fie ld events at 9 a m , running prelim s at 9;3o a.m .; and finals at 
J 3o p m. 
Teams (Local): 
D ivision ! - A ntonian, C entral 
Cathode. Holy Cross, South San West, Southwest 
Division ll — Healy M urphy 
St, Anthony, south west JV South Son West JV. D ivision lit (G irts) — 
Southwest 

T r a i i K a 
H i u i i M 

BASEBALL 
O AKLAND A ’S: 
Signed fit st bosem un O ku 
Allen to one-year contract 

PRO FOOTBALL 
P IT TS B U R G H S TE E L E R S ( N F L ): 
N am ed 
Tom Moor* os receivers coach 

COLLEGE SPORTS 
AUBURN: 
Announced resignation ot w restling coach V irg il M itliron. 
D R E X E L : 
F ire d head basketball coach Ray 
Hoesier , 

Wednesday s Games 
New York Rangers 6 Minnesota 4 
New York Islanders 6, A tlanta 2 
P ittsburgh 3, Colorado o 
Buffalo 6, D etroit 3 
M ontreal 2, Toronto 2, tie 
Vancouver 5, W ashington 7 
Thursday s Games 
Boston IO. New York Rangers 3 
St Louis 4, D etroit 7 
Philadelphia 7, Cleveland 2 
M ontreal 7. Colorado I 
Washington at Los Angeles 
Chicago at Vancouver 
Friday s Games 
No games scheduled 

WORLD HOCKEY ASSOCIATION 
Eastern Division 
W 
L 
T 
Pts 
GF 
GA 
Quebec 
39 
26 
I 
79 
789 243 
Cincinnati 
33 
2V 
3 
69 
293 24o 
Indianapolis 
29 
31 
I 
65 
222 247 
New 
England 
29 35 
6 
64 
23o 258 
B irm ingham 
26 38 
3 
55 
233 248 x Minnesota 
19 
18 
5 
43 
136 129 
W estern 
Division 
Houston 
4o 2o 
6 
86 
767 194 
Winnipeg 
36 
28 
2 
74 
794 241 
San 
Diego 
33 
37 
3 
69 
721 238 
Calgary 
28 
31 
5 
6) 
2oJ 213 
Edmonton 
28 
38 
2 
58 
194 752 
Phoenix 
25 39 
3 
53 
233 312 x franchise disbanded 
Thursday s Games 
Edmonton 4. Indianapolis J 
Friday's Games 
New England at B irm ingham 
Calgary at Winnipeg 
Cincinnati of Houston 

BOERNE TO UR N EY 
CANYON 7, K E R R V IL LE T IV Y 6 
TtVY 
o)2 12o o - 6 
IO 
3 
Canyon 
1o1 o22 I - 7 
7 
3 
Lee. Robinson (5) and Way. C am bell, Lam as (6) and Jack B o rm on n . W — L a m a s (2-2). L — 
Robinson (o-K. 
Highlights: 
Trtsch scored the w inning run when 
K eith Dunn bunted bock to the T IV Y p itc h e r 
Robinson who threw it over the firs t baseman s head. Eloy Flores ond JohnnyW av both hod two hits for TIVY Jack Borm onn had three hits. two of them doubles, and accounted fo r three R Bi's- 
Russel Abet went 2-3 tor Canyon. 

BOERNE 14, BANDERA 7 
Boerne 
34o 45 — 16 
12 
6 
Bandera 
o2o 14 — 7 
6 
8 
A storia, G orton (5) and Cole, Y e lve rto n (4). 
Riley. Orandov (5) and Hicks. W — A storia (2-1). 
L — Riley (1-1). HR — Astoria ( I) . 4th inning, two on. 
Highlights: 
John Astoria struck out six in the four ond one th ird innings he pitched w hile going 
2-2 with a three run hom er and batting in five runs. 

COMFORT 9, BLANCO 4 
Com fort 
2o1 1o6 o - 9 
8 
4 
Bianco 
211 OOO o — 4 
3 
5 
Reech ond P re sie r. K iapac and In n e r W — 
Reech (1-o). L — Klapoc (2-1). 
H ighlights: Ronny Jones had tw o R B l s to r 
Comfort. Calhoun of Blanco went 3-4 w ith one RBL 

HOLY CROSS 8, SMITHSON V A LLE Y 4 
Holy Cross 
OTO o2o 3 — 8 
8 
I 
. Smithson Valley 
o2o 2oo o — 4 
7 
4 
Caldera,Gusman (5) and Gonzalez. G iodra and 
Rherin. W — Gusman (4-1). L — G iordc (o-1). 
Highlights: Joe G ue rrero Sonny had two hits including a double for Holy Cross. B ill B lackm an hod a tw o-njn double for Smithson V aliev. 

TOMMORROW'S SCHEDULE 
K e rrville TIVY vs. Smithson V alley, IO a.m . 
Canyon vs. Holy Cross, noon. 
Bianco vs. Bandera. 2 p m 
Boerne vs. Comfort, 4 p.m. 

J U O S O N TO URNAM ENT 

FIRST ROUND 
FOX TECH 8. EAST C ENTRA L I 
East Central 
'OO OOO o — 1 
7 
4 
Fox Tech 
OO) 7oo x — 8 l l 
3 
Slefonic, G. H ill (4), D uecker <5» and West 
M ojica, V illareal (6) and Lopez W — M ojica L — 
Slefonic. 
Highlights: 
Delgado had two doubles and three 
RBI and Lopez had three singles fo r Fox Tech. 

JUOSON 4, HOUSTON 2 
Houston 
o2o OOO — 2 
3 
2 
Judson 
o1o 3ox — 4 
4 
2 
Strong and Jendrusch. H aberstroh and Hunts m an W — H aberstroh L — Strong 
Highlights: 
B illy Hohensee drove in o run w ith a double and A lan Stobaugh fo llo w e d w ith a tw o-run single for Judson in the fo u rth inning. 
Game called atter 5‘ / innings due to tw o-hour tim e lim it 

CENTRAL CATHOLIC J. W H E A TLE Y o 
Central 
OOI o 1 1 — 3 
4 
2 
Wheatley 
OOO OOO — o 
5 
4 
Moreno ond Solis. Ramirez and M olina 
W — 
M oreno. L — R am irez 
Gam e co lle d o tte r six innings because of darkness. 

Friday's Games 
Winners’ Bracket 
At Clemens: 
South San West vs. Edison, noon 
(firs t ro u n d ); Fox Tech vs 
Judson, 2:3o p.m. 
(sem is), Noon w inner vs Central Catholic, 5 p.m. 
(sem is). 

Losers' Semifinals 
At East Central: 
East Central vs. Sam Houston, 
2:3o p m .; Wheatley vs. noon loser, 5 p m. 

PO TEET TO UR N AM EN T 
St Antony s 
3oo o36 1 - 13 
14 
5 
Poteet JV 
oo2 3oo o - 5 
7 
8 
Danny V illa rre a l, Ordonez (5) and Hoenig 
B 
Briones and R. Briones W — Ordonez (1-o). L — 
B Briones *o-1). 
Highlights: 
V illa rre a l went three for three and drove in three runs for the Yellow iackets. One of his three hits was a double. 

SOUTHSIDE ll, KARNES C ITY o 
(Five Innings, 1o-Run Rule) 
Karnes City 
OOO o o — o 
Southside 
61o 4X — It 
P erkins and Hoffm an; R. U neaas ond Longoria. 
W—R. Unegas (1-o). L —P erkins, 

Friday s Games 
Cuero vs 
Pleasanton JV, noon (firs t ro u n d ); 
Floresville vs. Poteet, 2 p m . (firs t ro u n d ). Poteet 
JV vs. Karnes 
City, 4 p m. dosers’ b ra c k e t). 

NORTH LOOP TO UR N AM EN T 
Northside Division 
ROOSEVELT 7, EDGEWOOD 8 
Edgewood 
OOO OOO o — o 
3 
3 
Roosevelt 
oo3 2o2 x - 7 
6 
o 
Die ond Baiza 
Tolam enlez. Ju m pe r (6) and K lln- efelder 
W — Talomentez (3o1. L — O lar (o 3). 
HR — Roosevelt. M elon! ( I) , one on In th ird ; 
K lineteider ( I), one on in sixth. 

Friday's Sehedula 
Winners’ Brocket: 
Churchill vs. Harlandole. 5 

° Ld *«r^B rocked JA!a'mo3Heights vs. M arshall, n oo ^E dg e w o o d vs. Jefferson, 2 3o p.m. 

BAC Division 
KENNEDY 4, MCCOLLUM 2 
Kennedy 
OOI o1o 2 - 4 
5 2 
M u f f i n 
o,o >o° o - 2 
^ 
I 
Sanchez and O rtiz ; R ale v a nd M c D o u g le . 
W -Sanchez (3-o). L -R a ie v (1-1). Passed balls account (or two deciding runs in R ocket seventh. 
Bill Hall and W arnhoff both had tw o hits fo r 
McCollum. 

MACARTHUR 12, M E M O R IA L 2 
(Si* Innings, 1o-Run Rule) 

M a c A rth u r 
2 2 ^ 2 2 ° - V 
12 o 
V illarreal, and one reliever w orked for M e m or­ ia l; 
Long and 
W h e e le ss. 
W — L o n g 
<2 o ) 
L —-V illarreal (Od) H R -M a c A rth u r: B ruce Beck nam (2), 4th, two on Other bim a M oc hitters were 
B arry Webere with 3-4 and G ary Klum pD w ith double ond triple. 

LEE 4, HIGHLANDS I 
IOO OOO o -» I 
3 2 
' IQI oo2 x — 4 
3 2 
Highlands 
Lee 

CHU R CH ILL 4, ALAMO H EIG H TS 2 
(Six innings — time lim it) 
Alam o Heights 
OOI OOI — 2 
5 
4 
C hurchill 
2oo 7ox — 4 
6 
I 
C o n c h o l, Bass (4) and D eLeon. G u sta fso n . 
S m ith (3) and E lle v . W — S m ith (2-o). L — 
Canchola ( l l). 
Highlights: 
Bowlin was two for three and drove in two runs for the Chargers. D ru ry also went two for three to r C hurchill. M eurin hod tw o hits in three trip s for Heights. 

HARLANOALE 7, M ARSHALL I 
(Five Innings, Time Lim it) 
H arlandole 
4oo 3o — 7 
7 
J 
M arshall 
21o oo — 3 
5 
I 
Sanchez and M ova; M o n w a rin g , T o o p erw ine 
( I) , W illis (5) and Frontzen. W —Sanchez (781. 
L —M o n w a rin g (o-2). F o r In d ia n s , P a b lo R o­ driguez had 3 3 and three RBL inclu d in g tw o-run trip le rn first. OH Je rry Rodriguez hod tw o-run single in some trom e. M a rsha ll’s T e rry Solazar 
22 

De La O and G arcia, Ferguson and B eckm an. 
W— Ferguson (2-1). L —De Lo O <1 - I) . F o r VolS. 
B ryan Ferguson aided own cause w ith tw o h its. 
H arm on put gam e on ice w ith tw o-run double in sixth Owls tallied firs t when A rt A rreondo doubled and rode home on Brett Biesenbach s single. 

Clemens 
OOO OOO 
o - o 
I I 
Holmes 
oo6 OOO x - 6 
4 
2 
Mahaov, Methorne (5) and C orbett 
E scam illa and Morales W — Escam illa (2-1). L — M ahany 

Highlights: 
The Holmes Huskies parlayed four hits, three walks and one error into six ru ns in the third 
That lone Clemens’ error , allow ed three runs for Holmes. Rudy Morales had tw o R B ls for 
Holmes. 

Friday's Games 
Winners’ B racket: 
K ennedy vs. Lee. 5 p m .. 
Holmes vs. M acA rthur, 7’ 3o 
Losers’ Bracket: McCollum vs. H ighlands, noon, 
Clemens vs. M em orial. 2:3o p m. 

HONDO TO URNAM ENT 
SOMERSET 7, D'HANIS 3 
Somerset 
112 3 — 7 l l 
2 
D Horns 
oo2 11o o - 3 
7 
6 
Pina and Cline, Zinsm ever, K. Eothe (5) and K 
Rome. R Rothe (5). W -P in a . L - K . Rolhe. Win ning hurler G ilbert Pina helps own cause w ith two hits and three RBI, Gene Guzman odds trip le and single for Bulldogs G arcia RBI trip le to r D 'Han 

HONDO J, D E V IN E I 
Devine 
OOO IOO o - I 
6 
2 
Hondo 
o1o oo2 x - 3 
7 
7 
D avis and B la k e m o re ; A rco s and A lv a re z . 
W —Arcos (2-o). L —Davis. Owls break tie in sixth on Joe Ortega's RBI double, he la te r scores on w ild oltch. Freshm an C harlie A rcos fans nine, walks just one 

Consolation Semis 
D'Hanis IO, Devine 2- 
Winners Semis 
HONDO 2, SOMERSET o 
Somerset 
OOO OOO o — o 
o 
I 
Hondo 
OU OOO x — 2 
4 
o 
Taylor and Cline; Ortega and Laughinghousc 
W— Ortega (3-o). L —Taylor. Joe O rtega hurled no-hltter, fanned 13 and a hit batsm an is all that kept him fro m perfect game. M ike H ockebeil 2-3 and batted in a run. 

Friday's Schedule 
First Round 
Cote vs. M edina V alley, 11:3o a .m .; F re d e t icksburg vs. Uvalde. 2 p.m. Losers ploy at S:3o p.m. ond winners at 8 

EAGLE PASS TO URNEY 
EAGLE PASS 3, MISSION J 

Mission 
OOO IOO I — 2 
4 4 
Eaoie Poss 
o1o o1o 
1 — 
3 
5 2 
(Two out when winning run scored) 
G u e rra a nd D ia z ; S a n to va a n d M o n c o d o 
W—Santoyo (2-o). L —G uerra. H R —E agle Pass: 
Jesse Santoyo (I), 2nd, solo. Julian Valdez won gam e w ith base s-lo ad e d s in g le , th e s e v e n th straight game he bos hit safely. Santova struck out 14 and walked lust three 

JAY 4, JEFFERSON 3 
(Eight Innings) 
Jefferson 
OOO 12o OO — 3 
S 
J 
John Jay 
OOO o3o OI - 
4 
? 
o 
(None out when winning run scored) 
Davalos and P o v lic h ; C esare/ and H u rtb u rt. 
W— Casate/ (3-o). L —Davalos ( l l) . H R —Jotter son 
Brent 
Johnson 
(I) , 
5th, one on. 
Joy: 
Rodriguez ( I) , 5th, two on. Jay scored w inning run when Jeff made all its e rro rs in the lost inning 
Tom Cosarez tanned 12 in w inning role, F ra n k 
D avalos tanned e ig h t in losing ro le , A n th o n y 
Martinez of Jeff ond Rich Norwood at Jay both 2-3. 

SOUTHWEST 8, ANTONIAN $ 
Antonian 
2oo 2oo I — S 
6 
I 
Southwest 
OOO OOO 6 — 6 
I 
4 
(Two outs when winning run scored) 
Hinoioso, Z am arrlpa (7), M oeller (7) and Mo, a; 
M artinez, Roberts (7) ond Briones. Snowden (3). 
W — Roberts (1-o). L — Z am arrlpa *1-3). 
Highlights: 
J e rry O B rien doubled — South west s lone hit — in two runs atter two runs nod scored on bases looded w alks in the seventh 
A tw o base th ro w in g e rro r p la te d th e ty in g and winning runs tor Southwest. 

LANIER 4, ST. G E N A R O * 2 
St G erord s 
2oo OOO o - 2 
7 J 
Lam er 
IOO oo3'x 
- 4 
S O 
Perez ond R esponder Lay Levvo. M edina (61 and Chatwood. W — M edina (1-1). L — Perez 
( l l). HR — St. G erard s. Ray C ervero (21, one on in tie firs t E m ilio Gonzales knocked in tw o runs in the sixth to give the Voks th e ir sixth w in in seven outings Jesse Torres was 2-3 to r Lam er. 
Charlie Puente was 2-3 tor the Royals. 

FRID A Y S GAMES 
AUSTIN TO URNAM ENT 
South San vs. Austin SFA, Nelson Field, 1 p.m . 

REGULAR SEASON 
Kenedy at Pleasanton, 4.15. 
Southwest at New Braunfels, 4:15. 

K i l t " ![ c r * w i n s * 

PRINCETON, N.J. (A P) - Guard 
Glenn Hagan scored at the buzzer in overtime tu give St. Bonaventure a 
79-77 victory over Rutgers Thursday night in an opening round gam e of the 
National Invitational Basketball Tour­ nament. 
Steinke h on or 

SPtClAl TO TMI fin n SS 
KANSAS CITY, Mo. - 
Gil Steinke, Texas A&l head football coach and athletic director, will be honored by the NAIA at a banquet h ere 
F rid ay night. 

CHARLES DAILEY ii LIQUORS 

A SUPER SPECIAL 
BASS BOAT 

New 1977 De' Magic 15* Colt Bass Boat with deluxe fold down fishing vee**, 
'ewe I, rod box, ond carpet. Equipped with Johnson 35HP Electric 
$*crt Motor cmd o%DiHy galvanized trailer. 
283o 
PIUS tax a n d 
REGISTRATION 

4 CONVENIENT LOCATIONS 
• 413o BROADWAY • 4212 SAN PEDRO 
• 241o N. MAIN • 71oo BLANCO (STANLEY so.) I 

EARLY TIMES 
SO PROOF............... 
FULL QT. 

GILBEY’S VODKA 
•o PROOF................... 
FUU QT. 

SEAGRAM S 7 CROWN 
SO PROOF HINO 
FULL QT. 

PASSPORT SCOTCH 
SO PROOF 
...................FUU GT. 

EARLY TIMES 
SO PROOF SOUR SON 
............ 
/ GAI. 

 ll APICIAL CLOSEOUT 
P*R ICES 
ON ALL 1976 BOATS 
NI) MOTORS IN STOCK 

-PM I* I. I 3% DISCOUNT ON MOTOR TUNE-UP 
■-^ 
MU IMMU Uh DKKKX KMM HES MAUCH .il>T 

VAT 69 GOLD 
SS PROOF SCOTCH .. 

JIM BEAM 
SO PROOF BOURBON 

. Vi GAI. 

1.7S UTER 

BACARDI RUM 
SO PROOF................................. >/* GAI. 

ALL THE TIRES 
YOUR MONEY CAN BUY 
MICHELIN TIRES ARE HERE 

BLEMS 2o% OFF 215-15 175-13 BR78-13 

LEE STEEL BELTED RADIALS 

SET OF 4 

A R 78-13 
IR 7 8 -1 4 
FR 78-1 5 
G R 78-14 

H R 7 8 - 1 5 

J R 7 8 - 1 5 

L R 7 8 - 1 5 I 
P IU S T A X 
INSTALLED 
4 PLY POLYESTER WHITE 

 s r OF 4 
E78-14 
F78-14 
G 78-14 

G 78-15 
PLUS TAX 
INSTALLED 

STS-13 
C7S-13 

C 7 8 -1 4 
D7B-14 
56o-15 
6oo-15 

RETREADS 

1 5 ” 
PIUS 
FEO. TAX o4-.J5 

178-14 
F78-I4 f 78-15 
G78-I5 
1895 
PLUS 

BEER 

BUDWEISER 
1.59 

H u y. H7 hunt at I ahi ft 
41South 
(tiff-1 .'IU 

LONE STAR 

WINE 

AIMADEN MOUNTAIN 

WINES 

MAG 2 .5 9 

MATEUS ROSE 

STH 2 .5 9 

 no. IA X .3A-.4S 
WHITE I . SO M O «l 
INST AUAO 

WHITE SPOKEWHEEIS 

A 
\ ^ v 
---- 
$ 2 3 .o o 
13X7 
3 4 .o o 
I SXS 
24.SO 
13X1o 
3 2 .o o 
16.SX8.2S 
3 7 .o o 
16.SX9.7S 
3 9 .o o 

DA 
CLARK TIRE CO. 
S521 S. Morel 

924-4349 

22oo Jackson Keller 
(el Ieee 41o) 

M IC H E LIN 
349-5248 
IISEE 

V m h m h i 

BBS 

 f 

Spurs burn Cavs 
■M BA----- 
S t a n d in g s 

SAN ANTONIO EXPRESS— Ffidov March l l 1977 
Lf 

Knicks click 

Continued from Page ID 

 handing out seven assists. 
“ Whopper” was particularly effec­ tive from the 15-foot range. And while he prospered, the Cavs’ Elmore Smith and Jim Chones struggled trying to defense him. Both were in early foul difficulty. 
“When they get in foul trouble, you can turn around and shoot it in their face,” said Paultz. “ They can’t give you any body because they’ll be out of the game. 
“ Cleveland’s tough. Even when we picked up the pace, they kept getting big hoops.” 
But the biggest hoop was Dampier’s. 
.Cleveland's Gary Brokaw drove for a layup to cut the Spurs’ lead to 1o3-1oo with one minute left. 
Gervin 
On San Antonio’s next trip down the court, George Gervin, who finished with 24, was double team ed in the comer, so he threw a bounce pass out to Dampier who, when left alone, can be hazardous to a team ’s health. 
What was he thinking about on that shot? “ Not m uch,” he replied. “ I’m 

 v 
.: 
: 
:■ ■: 
... 

 not the type to think of shots as very important. Afterwards I was glad I hit it.” 
While Dampier will never be known as Mr. Emotion, forward Larry Kenon was a little more expressive about his feelings. 
Kenon was held to a p air of free throws in the first half as Jim Brewer did a defensive number on him. But K ended up with 14 points and 13 re ­ bounds. 
Defense 
“ Brewer played good defense on me in the first half,” conceded K. “ It was a slow game, and it was hard for me to get into my groove. I couldn’t get into it emotionally in the first half. 
“ I really exerted myself in the se­ cond half, trying to get open.” 
Allan Bristow got open for 13 points and six rebounds in 19 m inutes. His shovel shot at the third quarter buzzer gave San Antonio a 77-75 lead. 
“ I didn’t think they counted tips- at the buzzer,” smiled Bristow, who was not about to return the two points. 
“ Yes, I p ractice th at shot all the time.” v 
The victory gave the Spurs a 2-1 

 series lead over Cleveland. The three games have been decided by a total of 
12 points. 
“When they see a team run,” said 
Bristow, “ they come back and set it up. They play a control game, so ifs hard to blow them out.” 
“They are one of the best defensive, teams in the NBA,” said Moe. “They played us very tough straight up ” 
The Cavs were missing two starters 
— guard Jim Cleamons and forward 
Campy Russell — with injuries. And both will likely be back by the time San 
Antonio visits Cleveland eights days hence. 
“You can’t breathe easy,” said Moe. 
“ If they win seven or eight in a row, they’re right back in it.” 
The Central race, after all, is only at 

EASTERN CONFERENCE 
Atlantic Division 

 the head 

Plover 

 of the stretch 

C L E V E L A N D (IOO) 
M in fg-fga ft-fto reb pf pts 
E Smith 
21 
3-5 
1-2 
4 
6 
7 
Brew er 
37 
6 IO 
o 2 
IO 
o 
12 
Chones 
37 fr17 
2-2 l l 
5 ta 
W alker 
35 
SIO 
OO 
2 
2 to 
C a rr 
3o 
717 
OO 
3 
3 
14 
B. Smith 
33 
5 IS 
1-2 
IO 
3 l l 
Lam bert 
16 
5-9 
OO 
5 
4 
IO 
Snyder 
17 
4-11 
2-2 
o 
2 
IO 
Brokaw 
14 
5-o 
2 4 
I 
2 
12 
Total* 
24o 46-1o3 
8-14 
46 
27 IOO 

Plover 
SAN ANTONIO (1o6) 
M in fg-fga ft-fto reb pf pf* 
Kenon 
38 
5-13 
4-4 
13 
2 
14 
O lberding 
24 
4- IO 
DO 
3 
4 
8 
Paultz 
42 to- lh 
6-<t 
14 
2 
26 
Gate 
35 
3 It 
OO 
2 
3 
6 
G ervin 
32 
IO 18 
4 4 
) 
3 
23 
Dam oier 
24 
4 8 
o-o 
I 
2 
8 
D ietrick 
21 
3-8 
12 
4 
3 
7 
Bristow 
19 
5-7 
3 3 
6 
2 
13 
Kart 
3 
o-o 
o-o 
o 
o 
o 

Total* 
24o 44-91 
18-22 
44 
21 1o6 

W 
L 
Pct. 
GB 
Philadelphia 
38 26 
.594 
— 
Boston 
33 32 
.5o8 
51* 
New York Knicks 
3o 36 
.455 
9 
Buffalo 
25 41 
.379 
13 
New York Nets 
2o 45 
.3o8 
ISM, 
Ceotral Division 
Washington 
39 26 
.6oo 
— 
Houston 
37 26 
.587 l/2 
San Antonio 
38 
28 
.576 
1» 2 
Cleveland 
33 3o 
.524 
5 
Atlanta 
27 39 
.4o9 
12% 
New Orleans 
26 39 
.4oo 
13 
WESTERN CONFERENCE 
Midwest Division 
Denver 
42 23 
.646 
Detroit 
39 28 
.582 
4 
Kansas City 
33 31 
.516 
8% 
Chicago 
31 
34 
.477 ll 
Indiana 
3o 35 
.462 
12 
Milwaukee 
22 47 
.319 
22 
Pacific Division 
Los Angeles 
4o 24 
.625 
— 
Portland 
39 28 
.582 
2i/i 
Golden State 
38 29 
.567 
3i/i 
Seattle 
33 34 
.493 
Phoenix 
26 39 
.4oo 
14 ti 

NEW YORK (AP) - Bob McAdoo and Earl Monroe combined for 49 points Thursday night as the New York 
Knicks kept their playoff hopes alive by defeating the P o rtlan d T rail 
Blazers 1o8-1o4 in a National Assocition 
Basketball game. 
The Trail Blazers, who trailed 56-55 at the half, gained a 8o-78 lead in the final period. But the Knicks outscored the Blazers 3o-24 in the final period to notch their first victory in four neeting with the Blazers this season. 
Maurice Lucas had 29 points for the 
Trail Blazers, including 23 in the first 
Cowens hurt 

BOSTON (A P) - C enter Dave 
Cowens of the Boston Celtics com­ plained of a weak left knee Thursday and was forced to miss practice. 
Cowens hurt his knee when he crashed into a fem ale sp ectato r 
Wednesday night during the Celtics’ 
National Basketball Association loss to 
Seattle. 

 half. Lionel Hollins added 27 for the losers. 
In the final seconds of the game, 
Monroe scored Portland’s final two points hitting a 1o-foot baseline jumper apparently after he thought the final buzzer had sounded. 
T ige rs explode 

SPECIAL TO THE EXPRESS 
AUSTIN - The T rin ity T igers blasted their way past Huston-Tillotson pitching for six home runs 19-6 and 9-5 wins at Austin Thursday. 

FIRST CA M E 
T rinity 
o61 331 S - 19 
16 
4 
Huston Tillotson 
OOO o3o 3 — 6 
6 
4 
M oritz and Gom ez. W illia m s, F in n ey 14). T o rres 
(6) and Valdez. HR — T rin ity, K aufm an n (Z) 3rd, no on. F4tbronk O akes, 2, 7th one on (I) ond no ort 
(2). H ector Rodriguez *1) 4th, one on 
R'oeben 
Lazono (I) Sth, one on. Tillitson, Reynolds* 5th, two on. 
SECOND GAM E 
Trin ity 
SIO 1o2 o — 9 
7 
J 

Tillotson 
Huston 
OOO IOO 4 - 5 
5 
3 
Rosseau and Von Behren. B e rry and B aldw in W 
— Rosseau (1-o7. L — B e rry 
H R — T rin ity . 
Trevino, Irst, three on. T illo tson ,Pow ell 7th, three on. 

Cleveland 
Son Antonio 
21 26 28 25 — IOO 
23 26 28 29 — 1o6 

ASSISTS: Paultz 7, D am pier 6, G ale 5, G ervin 3, 
D ie trick S, Kenon 3, O lb e rd in g 2, B. S m ith 8, 
B rew er 2. Chones 3, W alker 4, C a rr 2, Snyder I, 
Brokaw 2. 
STEALS: K enon 2, O lb e rd in g I, E. S m ith I. 
Chones I, W alker 2, C a rr I, B Sm ith I. 
TURNOVERS: San Antonio 18, C leveland 15 
BLOCKED SHOTS: Paultz 2, G ale I, D ietrick 2, 
E Smith 3, Lam bet 2, C o rr I, B rew er I, Snyder I, 
B Smith I. 
TECHNICAL FOULS: None 
GOALTENDING: None. 
A TTEN D AN CE. 9.o88 
OFFICIALS: M urphy ond Jones 

Wednesday’s Games 
Seattle 114, Boston 86 
Philadelphia 129, Denver 125 2 OT 
Houston 1o5, Phoenix UK) 
Milwaukee 1o9, Washington 1o7 
Thursday's Games 
New York Knicks 1o8, Portland 1o4 
San Antonio 1o6, Cleveland IOO 
Friday’s Games 
Chicago at Buffalo 
Phoenix at New York Nets 
Seattle at Philadelphia 
Denver at Atlanta 
Houston at Indiana 
Portland vs. Kansas City at Omaha 
Washington at Los Angeles 

Jap an triu m p hs 

TOKYO (AP) — Japan turned back 
Hungary 5-2 in the World Class B 
Hockey C ham pionships T hursday night. 

ETS falls 

KANSAS CITY (AP) - 
Alonzo Bradley and Law­ rence Williams combined for 53 points in leading fifth-seeded Texas South­ ern to an easy 87-68 win over East Texas State in quarterfinal action of the 
NA1A tournament Thurs­ day night. 
The Tigers from Hous­ ton Texas, shot an out­ standing 64 per cent in the first half compared to 
East Texas’ 36 per cent. 
Southern led 
49-29 at halftime. 
Bradley and Williams scored 15 and 14 points 

 respectively in the first half. 
The T igers hit only nine field-goals in the second half as they cashed in on 2o freeth- rows to jump their lead to as many as 27 at one time. 
Bradley finished with 
28 points including 14 from the freethrow line and Williams added 25. 
Nate Grainger scored 
28 points and grabbed IO rebounds while teenaged 
Larry McGhee added 22 points for East Texas 
State which finished the 

 year at 25-9. 
Texas Southern will now play Grand Valley 
State of M ichigan in semifinal action Friday. 
In earlier quarterfinal m atches Grand Valley defeated 
W ashington 
State 75-71 and Campbell 
College (N.C.) defeated 
Alcorn State (Mi-ss.) 
7763. In other gam es 
Thursday night, Hender­ son (A rk.) State m et 
Illinois Weslyan. 
Paul scored 22 points to led Grand Valley to their victory over Washington 
State. 
College cage scores 

Thursday’* 
College 
Basketball 
Results 
TOURNAM ENTS 
NAIA 
Quarter-finals 
Cam pbell Col 77, A lcorn St 63 
Tex. Southern 87, E a s t Tex. 
ST 68 
Al AW 
Regionals 
Southwest 
Cent M issouri St 66, St Cloud 
S3 
M issouri 85. W illiam Penn 7o 
O ral Roberts 84, SE O klahom a 
79 
Texas West 87, Cent A rka n sa s 
86 
Eastern Regional 
Bloom sburg 8o U rsinus 62 
La Salle 68. Lafayette 59 
M assachusetts 89, New H am p­ shire 44 
Princeton 75, Seton H all 47 
St. Jo h n s. N Y . 6o, Northeas tern 36 
Salisbury St. 79, Kutztow n st. 
63 
Springfield 67, B rooklyn SI 
Verm ont 64, M aine 51 
Mid-Atlantic 
M arylan d 63, Cheyney St 56 
M ontclair SI. 72. Edinboro St. 
II 

W eber leads 

GARDEN CITY, N Y. 
(AP) — Seeking his 27th c a re e r title . Hall of 
Farrier Dick Weber of St. 
Louis led by 36 pins as qualifying play came to a halt 
T hursday in a 
$1oo,ooo professional bowling tournament. 

St 
Joseph s, P o . lo t. P it t s ­ burgh 64 
Southern 
F ra n c is M a rlo n 85, N 
K e n ­ tucky 59 
N Carolina St 7o, W K entucky 
52 
Tennessee 84, Clem son 46 
M idw est 
Illinois St. 93 M iam i, Ohio 4o 
Indiana St 71, W M ichigan 69 
M ichigan St. 96, Cincinnati 61 
N o rth w e s te rn 75, C e n t M i­ chigan 6o 
Ohio St 78, S Illinois 59 
Wis Oshkosh 67, W V irg in ia 58 

CHATA, Burbank's bulldog, enjoys Thurs­ day's pep rally prior to his favorite teams participation in the state cage tournament. 
Burbank story, page ID. — Photo by JOSE 
A. BARRERA 
LIQUORS 

SCOTCH 
JOH H M f WALK KR RID 86.8 IN. 
Vt GaL 1 3 .9 9 
Quart 7 .9 9 
DIWARS W M T! LASKI 16 Pr. 
Vt GaL 1 3 .5 9 
Quart 7 .9 9 
M M R MOUM S h . 
Vt Gal. 9 .5 9 
Quart S .S 9 
CLAM muon SCOR SO ft. 
Vt Gal 8 .5 9 
Quart 4 .5 9 
OLD SMUOOLiR S6 ft. 
Vt Od. 9 .7 9 
Cm* 5 8 .5 o 
8O U 88O N 
JIM SEAM 1.75 UTEK SO Sr. 
Vt Cd 8 .o 9 
Quart 4 .9 9 
HOKIT AOI S6 Sr. 
‘A Gat 8 .o 9 
Quart 5 .5 9 
STR I SROCK SO Sr. 
Vt Gal. 8 .8 9 
Quart 4 .8 9 
CW MARRIS 86 Sr. 
Vt GaL 1 o .5 9 
Quart 5 .5 9 
OLD ORAND DAD 86 Sr. 
Vt GaL I 1 .o 9 
Quart 5 .9 9 
CANADIAN WHISKKY 
CANADIAN CLOR 86 Sr. 
Vt GaL 1 3 .3 9 
Quart o .9 9 
MADRANO VO S6J Sr. 
Vt GOL 1 3 .3 9 
Quart o .9 9 
WINDSOR CANADIAN SO Sr. 
Vt GaL 8 .9 9 
CASE 5 3 .o o 
VODKA 
SAURNOfS SO Sr. 
Vt Gal. 9 .5 9 
Quart 4 .9 9 
OI LSI TG OO Sr. 
Vt GaL 6 .9 9 
Quart 3 .9 9 
TAOKA SO Sr. 
Vt Gal. o .9 9 
Quart 3 .9 9 
DIN 
SIBMATKR 94 Sr. 
Vt GOL 1 3 .o 9 
Quart o .9 9 
SOODLiS 94.4 Sr. 
Vt GaL 1 1 .9 9 
Quart 5 .9 9 
MAORAMS SS Sr. 
Vt GaL 9 .5 9 
Quart 4 .5 9 
SOOTHS 9o Sr. 
Vt GaL 8 .3 9 
Quart 4 .3 9 
WIN! MSO GRUBY I EDUC ID m m Gooo march io-march i t 
McCOY S WAREHOUSE 
I I S LANK AXK t D - t T l I 
SIDO t i OCR Of AUSTIN HWY 

BIG 
9k 

T A L L m*n ‘ , apparel 

4515 r redericktburg Rd 
TIRE 
SALE 
The General Grabber 

 ftm to n * 

HAS»HEW LOOK IH SAH ANTONIO 
,LOW PRICES • FINEST SERVICE • TOP QUALITY 
CUSTOMER SATISFACTION GUARANTEED 

MAX 
MILEAGE 

S ’ Only services you authorize performed and at prices you ok'd. 
Eft Worn parts returned in a plastic bag. 
Sff Inspect your car._________________ 

LUBE & OIL CHANGE 

W e'll in itu ll up to 6 quarts of high grade oil and lubricate you r ca r* chaute* only 
C l 

AVOID DELAY 
Call for an appointment today! 

-------------------COUPON-----------------------, r 5-YEAR/5o.ooo MILE ALIGNMENT 
-rv SERVICE AGREEMENT 
KS R 
Th,s 
I 
Coupon 
I 
N r l l or Mot* | 
Alignments j 

MINIMUM OF $96 VALUE. IF PRICED SEPARATELY j 
• lactates 11 rn m m heal t e l *t«|i»e*nt* j " 
. i r . t n e i x T 
Ute fcaancw Cai) 
* Check sihI idlest Ste!tim Seels* 
| • Check I let cim Sci catlei A tee m 
• • Check 6 tents! lite! teeei beenais 
* • Tnt ce* tai mete* staetta| 
I— — — — — — EXP1FFS MARCH 3 ,1977 

AUTOMATIC TRANSMISSION 
OK ANO FAUR SERVICE 
Weie'i what wa do 

SIZE 
A6o-13 

Tubeless Letterwhite: 

 plus $2.o7 

 federal Excise Tax 
W-l-D-E 

•EAR-WHEEl 
ORIVE 
FRONT-WHEEL 
DRIVE 
♦ M ” 
* 3 5 OO 

MONRO-MATIC Heavy Duty 
SHOCK ABSORBERS 

 w 
988 
INSTALLATION 
AVAILABLE 

NATIONWIDE LIMITED W ARRANTY 
Monro Mattel* will last in normal uae a* tong aa you own your car. or Firestone will replace them on proof of purchase from Firestone, charging only for installation 

EN ER G Y SAVING TUNE-UP o n ly $ 

 y 
. 
3 1 

2 o Most 
S c y l 
American cart 

SUI 
MG JOKI 
Va hr* 
M o i 
KO IX. 
TAX 
RZI 
MG MHU 
Value 
Priced 
KO. U. I 
TAX 
! 
o 
MMI 
37.95 
27.95 
2.o7 
A 
/OOI 
38.95 
27.95 
1.95 t 
oo-14 
47.95 
34.95 
2.82 
I 
7o-14 
41.95 
29.95 

......I 

Lj 
. « 

2.61 
6 
4o-14 
49.95 
34.95 
2,96 f 
7o-14 
46.95 
33.95 
I 
oo-14 
59.95 
39.95 
3.47 
6 
7o-14 
48.95 
34.95 
2.78 
o 
oo-15 
5o.95 
34.95 
3.o2 
M 
7o14 
52.95 
34.95 
2.92 
I 
oo-15 
69.95 
39.95 
3.72 
o i, 7o-li I 49 95 
35.95 
- J J L 

AMI 
53.95 I 3 5 .9 5 
1.o4 

GENERAL 
JET-AIR IU 

6 ton 
Tubeless 
Blackwall, pius $1.75 
Federal Excise Tax 

Larger S u e s and W hitew alls 
Com parably Priced. 

LARGE TIRE OWNERS! 

W e can now H USpeed 
Balance Tire sizes 16.5. 
Fredrsbg. Rd. Store O nly 

STIRE MART.. 
135 
§. W.W. WHITS 
333-1*8o 

4 6 3 6 
FRIDUSGC.RD 
735-7764 

6881 
MILITARY DR. W. 
674-1666 

Hadronic ignition systems *4 iou. 

9 
Add ^4 for 8 cyl Som a mr con d car* antra Inctudoa rasiotor plugs 
W e ll in stall new resistor plugs, ignition points, con denser - Adjust carburetor -S et point dwell and timing 
• Test battery and charging system* Inspect rot*»i l*\C salve, distributor cap, spark plug wires, air filter, crank­ case vent filter, and vapor canister filter. 

FOREVER BATTERY 
M aintenance Free 
A 
B 
* 
* 4 7 OO 

12 volt exchange 

NATIONW IDE LIMITED W ARRANTY 
P u t th is b attery rn y our car lf it ever fails to hold a < barge for you in th a t car 
F iresto n e will replan«* « F R E E w ith proof of p u rch ase, providing th e b attery has not been d am ag ed due to accident or abu se C om m ercial or m arine use excluded 
BRAKE OVERHAUL only 
X I * 6 3 o 6 6 
Alt American cars 
I except luxury) 

Install factory pre arced lining and rebuild wheel cyl­ inders on all four wheels: resurface brake drum s, re peck front wheel bearings, in*] a rt master cylinder, install NEW front seals, and NEW' return springs and hardware, inspect brake hoses, bleed system and add necessary fluid: road test your car 

Sr' BRAKE OVERHAUL only k l ’ M O 6 6 
I 
I 
Any American cai 
(except luxury) 

SINGLE RISTON SYSTEM 

Install linings Rebuild calipers Resurface rotors 
Repack front wheel hearings inspect master cyl­ inder Install NEW front seals Install NEW brake hardware in s e c t brake hoses Hived system and add necessary fluid Road test car 

T . r « . r . n « DELUXE cham pion 
A N Y S IZ E 
A T O N E L O W PRICE 

YOUR CHOICE 
OF 8 SIZES 

AYo- U 
EFS-14 
BFS-1J 
HYB-14 
C7 S-14 
o7o-15 
EFS- 14 
M7o IS 
$25 

Blockwotl 
Plus 1.74 
TO 2.8o F,E T. 
& OLD TIRE 

A SIZC 5 RIB OtVioN 
FREE MOUNTING WHITEWALLS AOD $3 

O REN A N w e A L S O • BdnkAmartcard* Mast** Charga • O w en Club 

A C C O U N T 
K S B 
H O N O R ; 
• American I xprass * C iflt Blanche 
Ruts* shown rn this ad evadable ai Firesiooa Stores Comp*nisei* priced wheres*) you sea ma Fueelone sign 

% * Mw*. m o m 

ALL STONIS OPv i w 
6 p is . 
GA KAKA 11 !■ im i—a. 
«Ma**4M 
M O M taM t CVR 
•tm ie m w * 
6 7 8 -8 8 4 1 r n . Ti. 
*Po,te*»*r** 
I U 1 1 )1 
M I eteZTTte fiat 
S M M 

D u n n 
#*‘ 4»FUMta 
FGI §171 
M a ’* ?* * mT m a 
« . . . « ■ 
M I -4164 

W O O teA W l 
■ S S 
■MIRI rn ST* 

IMMU * JU'AMT 
I AMG TS uOLM* 

 a r a r 

I. Uiq ttLMLAA 
IOC t VLY AHIA-APAID 

SAN A NTO NIO EXPRESS— Friday Morch l l I 977 
R eport on retail sales rallies m arket 

N EW VORK (AF1) — 
The stock market turned upward Thursday in an afternoon rally encour­ a g e d by word of a rebound in retail sales lust month. 
The Dow Jones average of 3o industrial stocks, unchanged at mid-after- noon after a 9.14 drop on 
Wednesday, sported a 
3.83 gain at 946.73 by the close 
Gainers held a 5-3 edge 

 on losers on the New 
York Stock Exchange. 
Big 
Board volume tailed off to 18.62 million shares from 19.BS million 
Wednesday. 

Drifts 

The market drifted for most of the day while it absorbed the expected news of a jump in the wholesale price index for last month. 

It perked up after the government reported that retail sales snapped back from their January slump with a 1.8 per cent rise in February. 
Retail stocks, under pressure on Wednesday, generally showed frac­ tional gains as of the 4 p.m. close of the NYSE. 
S S Kresge was up % at 
33%; J C. Penney % at 
4o%; Sears Roebuck % at 
62, and F.W. Woolworth 

Retail sti>cks, generally shott ed fractional gains 

% at 25%. 
Brokers also noted en­ couragement over the showing of International 
Business 
Machines shares, which jumped 4% to 283%, moving w ithin 5 points of its 1976-77 high of 288%. 
The company’s offer for 4 million of its shares at $28o apiece, which ex­ 

 pired Wednesday, was undersubscribed. 
But IBM Chairman 
Frank T. Cary said that was no disappointment. 
And traders evidently concluded that the slack response to the offer meant there were fewer holders planning on selling the stock than had been believed earlier. 

Traders were busy at the same time reacting to the government’s proposed ban on the ar­ tificial sweetener saccharin. 
- Sherwin-Williams, the lone U.S. producer of saccharin, fell I to 34%. 
The company, whose main business is in paints and coatings, said 

 saccharin accounted for less than 2 per cent of its earnings. 

Buyers turned to sugar stocks like Holly Sugar, up 2 at 31, and Am al­ gamated Sugar, ahead 
1% at 36*%. 

Sweeteners 

Stocks of companies making corn-based sweeteners were also strong. A.E. Staley Man­ 

 ufacturing was up 1?8 at 
22; Standard Brands % at 
29, and Archer Daniels 
Midland % at 19%. 
G D. Searle, the day’s most active issue, added 
I to 12%. The company has another sweetener called aspartame, government approval for which was granted in 
1974 but held up again a year later. 
Coca-Cola, which said it would continue pro­ 

 ducing low calorie soft drinks using an alterna­ tive formula, rose 3% to 
75%. 

The N YSE’s composite index rose .28 to 54.7o. 

In other markets, the 
American 
Stock 
Ex ­ change market value in­ dex dropped .o6 to 111.32, while the NASDAQ com­ posite index of over-the- counter stocks added .19 to 95.94. 
Business and Finance 
DOW JONES INDUSTRIAL AVERAGE 
W holesale prices rise in February 

ASSOCIATED PRESS 
W ASHINGTON — Paced by sharply higher prices for fuel, foods and other farm products, wholesale prices increased nine-tenths of I per cent in Fe­ bruary. 
It was the biggest monthly rise in 16 months, the government said Thurs­ day. 
ConAgra bid is withdrawn 
OMAHA, Neb. (A P) - Con-Agra 
Thursday said that it has withdrawn its offer to acquire the Houston-based floriculture division of Stratford of 
Texas, Inc. 
ConAgra said the offer was with­ drawn because it was apparent Strat­ ford cannot meet the time schedule in the offer. 
The consideration in the offer was contingent on obtaining operating con­ trol of the floriculture business on or» before April I. 

But Commerce Department econ­ omist John W. Kendrick said the wholesale price surge was a “ one- month situation’’ caused by the severe winter weather. He predicted the rise is unlikely to be repeated in sub­ sequent months. 
“ With more normal weather. I think we will get down to much lower rates by spring,” said Kendrick, the agency’s chief economist. 
Consumers have good reason to hope 
Kendrick is right since wholesale price tends eventually result in higher prices ut the retail level. 
Fuels 
Prices of fuels rose 3.3 per cent in 
February after declining the previous two months. Prices of farm products were nj) 2.2 per cent, the thiid con­ secutive month that farm products have risen sharply. Prices of processed foods and feeds jumped 18 per cent. 
The Labor Department, which released the statistics, also Indicated that fuel prices, including the price of natural gas, could increase again in the March index since the February index reflects fuel price behavior in 
December. 

 r’Xi * 
SAVINGS 
RETIREMENT 
STOCKS 

CAN YOU HANDLE 
THE SQUEEZE? 

Find out at one of the free seminars presented this week by Alamo Savings Association and Bache 
Halsey Stuart, Inc. 

Whether your money I* in savings accounts, the stock market,or a combination, you'll be interested in these timely topics: 

* Economic trends for 1977 
* Ways of increasing your investment income. 
* Tax-deferred retirement plans; 
Keogh and I R A. 

Featured speakers include; 

Michael ). Minihan, Economist, director of research and planning for Alamo Savings 
Association. Formerly an economist with the 
Federal Reserve System. 

Gerald S. Cohn, Vice President - Sales Division, and Assistant Manager, San Antonio office of 
Bache Halsey Stuart, Inc. 

John S. Crossman, Senior Vice President - Savings 
Division, Alamo Savings Association. 

THREE DATES, THREE LOCATIONS 
Tuesday, March 15 7:3o P M. 
Alamo Savings Association Highlands Branch, 
HOO Goliad Road at Southcross. 

Wednesday, March 16 7:3o P.M. 
Bicentennial Room, Alamo Savings Tower, 9o1 
N.E. Loop 41o 

Thursday, March 17 7:3o P.M. 
Alamo Savings Association, 332b Fredericksburg 
Road at Vance jackson. 

 ted. Pl* c an azo 7141 Uk reservations 

Option* Clearing C or poi ai ion Pi en t m I use* will be dtstiibuleeJ 
INVESTMENT SEMINARS 
Presented by 

 fiLomo 
SQVinGS assoc imton 

M e m b e r T M IC 
• Olltie* M I He Alamo Cd* 

The over-all increase of ninetenths of 
I per cent in wholesale prices in Fe­ bruary compared with a rise of five- tenths of I per cent the previous month and was the largest since a 1.2 per cent increase in October 1975. For the 12 months ending in February, wholesale prices were up 6 per cent. 
Consumers 

Kendrick said he thinks an underly­ ing inflation rate at the wholesale level is 4 per cent to 5 per cent. He said the raie of increase in consumer prices could fall as low as 3 per cent later this year, an outlook that is lower than predictions made by some others. 

4 
I I 
18 
25 
4 

M T W T F f 89o ; 

28 

F E B R U A R Y 

Stock Market Graphic Features 
Artificial sea water sells 

NEW YORK (A P) - 
With the oceans covering 
142 million square miles of the earth's surface, who would want to buy artificial sea water? 
Lots of people, it seems. At least 28 com­ panies currently produce compounds to turn fresh water into sea water, providing an ideal env tr- onment for salt-water marine life. 
Among users of the ar­ tificial sea water are hobbyists, aquariums, zoos, university research centers, seafood restaur­ ants and even some su­ permarkets. 
Sea water contains 

 most elements on earth in at least minute amounts and for many years people tried unsuc­ cessfully to duplicate it exactly. Early failures included a powder con­ centrate that formed a soggy “ snowball” when added to tap water. 
Now Aquarium Sys­ tems Inc. of Eastlake, 
Ohio, whose slogan is, 
“ We didn’t duplicate the sea. We improved it,” says sales of its “ Instant 
Ocean,” concentrate are 
IO times what they were in 197o 
Barbara 
Treleven, managing editor of the retail pet trade publica­ 

 tion Pets Supplies Mar­ keting says, “ the manu­ facture of salts for salt water has really come into its own in the last five years. 
"People are intrigued with the colors of tropical fish.” she said. “ And the invertebrate denizens of the deep, such as sea anemone, starfish and flamingo tongue shell, transfer very easily to a home salt water tank." 

Captive sea life, in­ cluding the delicate, rare tropical fish that can cost upward of $1oo apiece, must be raised in water closely approximating their natural habitat in order to survive. 

And the makers of ar­ tificial sea water say their products provide the perfect environment because much sea water is polluted, often is lack­ ing certain vital minerals 

 and contains organic matter which decom­ poses rapidly. 

In addition, artificial sea water makers say real ocean water is costly to collect, transport and store because of its bulk. 
An 8-pound package of synthetic sea salts costs no more than $1o retail and makes 25 gallons of artificial sea water weighing 2oo pounds. 

LAWTON, Okla. (AP) - A Civil Ae­ ronautics Board judge has ruled in favor of Continental Airlines’ proposal to drop Lawton and Wichita Falls, Tex, from its flights from west Texas to 
Oklahoma City and Tulsa. 
The city of Lawton recieved the 
3o-page ruling Thursday from CAB 
Administrative Law Judge Frank M. 
Whiting. 
The ruling becomes effective in 3o days unless a request is submitted for a review of the decision by the full 
CAB. Lawton. Wichita Falls and two other airlines serving Lawton are ex­ pected to ask for a review. 
The ruling permits Continental to suspend jet service to Lawton and Wi­ chita falls for five years and to substi­ tute flights by Rio Airways. Rio’s route would connect Dallas, Wichita Falls, 
Lawton and Oklahoma City with four flights daily. 
One of the flights would continue to 
Tulsa. 
Continental originally asked that it be permit­ ted to substitute Rio s service along Continen­ tal's Segment 3 of Route 
29. which connects Mid­ land, Lubbock, Wichita 
Falls. Lawton and Ok­ lahoma City. This propo­ sal was not opposed by 
Lawton and 
Wichita 
Falls. 
Prior lo CAB hearings last November in Wichita 
Falls, however. Contin­ ental altered the request to ask that it be allowed to delete all service to west Texas — the Lub­ bock and Midland stops. 
That proposal was op­ posed by Lawton and Wi­ chita Falls. 

BUSINESS DIGEST 
La Vernia junior livestock show set 

N J , vow It 

Survey predicts rising profits 

COMWUD H O M W itt MR VICE* 

NEW YORK — Profits of American businesses are expected to climb 14 per cent over 1976 to $155.5 billion this year, a survey reported Thursday. 
McGraw-Hill Publications Co. said its 12th annual profits survey suggests a “ better than normal corporate financial situation in 1977. 
“ Corporations expect to have the resources to generate a rising level of capital spending.” the survey said. “ This, in turn, may be expected to provide a spur to the rest of the economy. 
The survey predicted pretax profits of manu­ facturers will rise 14 |>er cent to $82.3 billion, while non-manufacturing profits will gain 13 per cent to 
$73.2 billion. 
Among industries, McGraw-Hill said rubber com­ panies — whose earnings were depressed last year by a lengthy strike — will see a 68 per cent profits gain, while steel and fabricated metals makers’ profits will rise 21) to 25 per cent. 

FTC meeting asked 

RICHMOND, Va. — Philip Morris Inc. has asked for a meeting with the Federal Trade Commission to discuss the proposed sale of its American Safety 
Razor division to the Bk* Pen Corp. 
The FTC recently rejected the sale of ASR. a 
Philip Morris affiliate located in Verona, Va., on grounds it would cut down on competition in th' razor blade industry. 
Alleging government interference, the two com­ panies then called off plans for the sale and Philip 
Morris announced it was liquidating its branded shav mg products operations at the plant. 
As a result, hall of the Verona plant’s 8(H) em­ ployes have been laid off and the plant, which has an annual payroll of almost $1U million, eventually may close 

Efforts have been made to gel the FTC to change its mind and to persuade Philip Morris and B k to resume negotiations for the sale. 

Venezuela eyes loan 

CARACAS. Venezuela — Venezuela has reached 
I agreement with a pool of approximately 41) U S. i (tanks for a $12 billion loan lo finance industrial and social development projects, financial sources said 
Thursday. 

Tile sources indicated the agreement could be signed within lite next few weeks — probably before the end of the month Government sources were not immediately available (or comment. 

Venezuela, which has a population of 12 million, is 
Latin America s largest oil producer. 

Plans call (or purchase of machinery and equip- 

11Min bo the developing Venezuelan steel industry. tor construction and amplification of aqueducts and fur the socio-economic development of several rev*toils of the countrv, the sources saki 

Main activity in the annual La Vernia junior livestock show will take place March 19 at the La 
Vernia Chamber of Com­ merce Park. 
The show officially w ill open March 18, with games scheduled for that night. 
Judging in Hie show will start at 9 a.m. March 
18, and the sale of the livestock will open at 2 p.m. A style show will be presented at noon with 
Future Homemakers of 
America and 4-H Club members officiating. 

Rex X. Schmtz, La- 
Vernia vocational agri­ culture teacher, and* 
Vernor Bippert, Wilson* 
County extension agent,* said the show this year* will be the biggest ever held. 

Frog races, starting at 
I p.m. March ,u 

CATTLE 

 p i a t t p d 
V. I J/l. I I Hi TV 

B> 

B R L ( t WENCH AH 
Agrfeuftare Editor 

19, again to draw are expected large crowds. 

Fuzzy Jenschke. frog race chairman, said frogs this year are a little thin in the back legs be-' cause of a bad winter. 

He addtni that Herman 
Burg of FII Paso is going lo bring back his former champion race to try to regain the title earned by 
Lone Star Beer of San 
Antonio last year. 

Rancher dies blanque G. Gonzalez, county auditor of Starr 
County and a prominent rancher and business­ man there, died in a Rio 
Grande City hospital. 
He was born Nov. 12, 

1894, on the Mirasoles 
Ranch in Starr County and was a lifelong resi­ dent of the county. He had been agent for Mag­ nolia Petroleum Co., now known as Mobil Oil Cor­ poration, since 1918. 

He is survived by his wife, two sisters, two brothers and many nieces and nephews. 

Services were held at the Immaculate Concep­ tion-Church. Nephews were pallbearers. 
Land worked 
George Kotzur of Ad­ kins has worked quite a bit of his land, but some still needs to be gone over, he said this week. 

He reported the top soil is quite dry after the strong winds that swept through two or three days during the dry spell. 

 lames Davy has start­ ed to plant his garden at hi* ulace on the old Cor- j.us Christi road. 

One of the first items planted was onions. He also planted a few other vegetables. 
Davy reported he is ready for rain at the place, as the soil is getting dry on top. 
Annual steak dinner given by the Farm Bur­ eau District Kl insurance agents for directors and invited guests will be held at the Quihi Hall 
April}*) 
Allen Grant, president of the National Farm 
Bureau, has been invited to the metring apd meal. 
The program will start at 3 p.m., with the meal to follow. 
Last year Gov. Dolph 
Briscoe was an honor gu^st at the agents’ din­ ner at Quihi. 
325 cattle 
Receipts at the Lone 
Star Livestock Commis­ sion Co. sale Thursday were 325 head of cattle. 
FYank Helvey, one of the partners in the firm, said the market was steady and active in all classes with good buyer 
Interest. 
A special sale of 

ENRIQUE GONZALEZ 

. . . rancher 

 stocker cows and re­ placement heifers will be held Saturday at the F'rio 
Livestock Sale in Pear­ sall. 
Starting time for the special sale will be I p.m. 

Saudis gel backing 

BEIRUT, Lebanon — The president of the United 
Arab Emirates says his country will stick with Saudi 
Arabia in the controversy among oil exporters over a dual pricing system, the magazine Al Haw odes* reported Thursday . 
“ We shall remain with Saudi Ambia throughoul this problem, ’ Sheik Zayed bin Sultan said But he added that he has “ strong hope:* that the two-price system and the OPEC differences will be settled anoil." 
F’leven of the 13 members 
Hie Organization of 
Petroleum F'xporting (outline** decided last De- centber to raise ail oil prices IO per cent iii January and I per cent mort luly I Tile I AF’, and the Saudis decided on a single $ lier cent boos! Jan I. 

M arketplace 

Special Stocker Cow 
It Replacement Heifer 

Sale 
Sat March 12 at I P.M. 
At F ria Livestock Sale 

Pearsall, Texas 

All cattle will be blood tested and Pregnancy 
Tested Prior to Sale. 
Special Consigment In­ cludes: 
12$ • 3 yr eld Hraford 

For Consignments or further Info Contact: 
Harry Harrison 

Office: $12-334-235$; 

R ES. $12 334-82o8 

Lone Star Livestock 

Commission Co 
Market Report For 

March ll, 1177 
Head Count 32$ 

Market Steady on Ever* 

 all 
Heifers, bred A calving. J J J****’ w * ** 
I ja i lo 7 yr old Hraford L j J U ! ' * buyers tows, bred A calving. OO 
3 yr old Hrangus Heifers, bred ic diving. 288 • 3 ta 
$ yr old White Brahman t ows, bred A calving. $1 
3 It 4 yr old White Brab-1 man t awa, bred ta \ 
Blood Slmmental Bulls, j tai 
3 to 
S yr old 

Crossbred Cows, bred A calving. IM • F-l Hraford 
Heifers. Hangs levied, L weighing $M ta S99 lbs 
(h a k e set of 
Tiger 

Striped 
Heifers, l l 

Choice Hereford Balls. Ii 
• 4 to I yr ald Brahman I 
Balls 

 interest. 
Stocker Caws • $21$ to 
$3oo Stocker Cow A Call 
Prs - $27$ to $32$. Packer 
Cows . 24.II to 39.99. 
Packer Balls - 32.99 to 
3$ Itt. Stocker Storrs • 
31 99 to 44.99. Stocker 
Heifers 
32 99 to 3$ 2$. 

Feeder Steers • 39.99 to 
49.99 Feeder Heifers - 
31.99 to 33 34.____ _______ 

UMC TRUCKS 

I Wheel Drlvo, Short A 
Long Wheel base Van* darns A Suburbans 
TINDALL A MIN 

Pontiac, GMC 

A N A 
N 
T O 
N 
I O 
E X P R E S S — 
F r i d a y M a r c h 
I I 
1 9 7 7 

 i n 
S a n 
A n t o n i o 

N e w Y o rk (A P ! 
T h u rs d a y 's n a tio n a l once s to r 
A m e ric a n 
S tock 
E x c h a n g e ssues as o f 
A m e x clo se 
P ric e s and volum e c o n s o lid a te d to r s e c u ritie s also tra de d on o th e r m a rk e ts 

DW. 
P f S a lts 
M 
L 
R a tio (bds) 

4 
5 
5*8 
5*4 
7 
4 
IO U 
IO 
1 A 
8 
5+4 
5 U 
* 
12 
7*9 
7 '? 
6 
126 
12'? 
U U l l 
1+4 
IU 
1 5 
13 
11*8 n u 
7 
6 
11*9 n u 
13 
3 
A1 ? 
6' ? 
6 
I U 
I U 
5 
2 
T U 
T U 
12 
31 
4 
3*8 
8 
5 
4 * . 
4’ a 
• 21 
32 
14 
13*. 
8 
63 
1*4 
1*9 
• 5 
9 
V U 
8+4 

D 4 l l 
1*4 
1*4 
9 
4' a 
4 U 
8 
6 
9*8 
9 ’ ? 
6 
4 
6*8 
A*. 
7 
8+8 
S U 
4 
37 
4*4 
4*9 
67 
4 
2 
2 
6 
8 
5*8 
5*8 
7 
8 + 4 
8’ ? 
8 
65 
5+8 
5+8 
5 
13 
S U 
5+4 
18 
I U 
1+8 
9x56 
TOU 
IV >8 
8 
I 
2*8 
T U 
5 
IO 
6+b 
6+4 
25 
I 
15 16 

C t* N e t 
C h *. 
E P I* 

ATI Inc 
AV CCP 

A cm e H m 
A ction 
28b 
A ctonC p 
A da m R s 
A dobeO il IC 
A egisCp 
A e ro F lo 15c 
Aer one a 

A tte rS ix 
24 
A lanW dS 
A la s k A ir 
M b a W a OSe 
A lco lac 
32e 
A lle gC p w t 
A lle q A ir 
A ilia n T 36e 
5 
A lld A rt 
A lld T h r 
88 
A lpha Ind 
A lla m il 
ICe 
AHei Cp 
25 
I 
IS 16 
I 
A lte c C p w t 
I 3 16 3 16 3 16 
A ite rF d s SU 8 
17 
12'a l l ' j 
I P s 
A lcoa p t3 75 
/IOO 
48' ? 
48' ? 
4 8 'v 
12 
2 

5*4 + to 
1o 
— 
U 
5 U + u 
7+?— 
+8 
12' a F IV# 
I U t 
11*8 +- '9 l l ’ ?— 
U 
6+?— +4 
I U . 
T U f 
' 8 
3*8 
4*9 
13*4 
U 
1**4 
9+9 * u 
1*4 . 
4 U . . 
9 *9 ♦ 
'4 
6+ 4 
8*8 
4*9 
' a 
2 
+9 
5’ a 
*•8 
S U * 
Va 
5 U 
5 * 4 - 
'9 
1U 
' 8 
IV ’ ?— v? 
2*8 
A u ­ 
U 
I l f 

4 J,. 

3 
7 
IO 
IG 
6 
8 ' b 
I 

4 9 ’ 
4G 

AAAAX Wt 
A ni B iltr t 5o 6 
Am Bret w t 
A m B u s P 28 
9 
Am F le tc h 
A G a rP d 
34 
A ln 'P iC t 
4 
A AA ai/eA 
4o 
6x158 IO 
A M a iz e B 
4o 
6x69 
IO'a 
Am AA I 2 8oe 
5 
A AA otlnns 
14 
Am P e lt 2 2o 
8 
A S a tE q 
4 
Am Sc if : 
o4" IC 
Am UHS 63o 
A ngloC 
13e 
6 
An ken 
28 
6 
A n th o n y 19t 3 
Apple) D ta 
8 
A p ld D e v 
17 
A q u i'C a 
3o l l 
A ri/C L 
IOC-IO 
A r/C o l p l 48 
A rm m c p 12 3 
A rro w s 
24 
A ru n d e l 
6 
A s a m e ra 25 12 
Ash I OC 
.TO 
9 

A lco Ind 
A tln s C M o81' It 
A tla s C p w t 
A ug e t 
3o 13 
A u s tra lO 
19 
A u to T rn 7ot 
A u tm B ld 
6 
A u tm P a d 
3 
A utoS w 
88 13 
AVF AAC 
2o 5 
A von d al I 2o 8 
A y d in C p 
7 

4 *. 
7 G 
4 * . 
V t . 
66 
1 9 'j 
18*. 
19'? + 'a 
7 
I'? 
7 
* 
I ' ?- 
8 

9 ’ 4 
IO 
8 '4 
IO 'a 
49' ? 
49’ .. 
4 G 
4*8. 

I ' 4 
1 I ' ? 

3 
34' a 
34 
34' a 
1 4 
48 
5 '? 
5*8 
5+9 
' B 
18 
1o*8 
1o*8 
1o + 4 u 
7 
11+4 
11 ’ tx 
11*4 - 
+8 
7o 
2*4 
2’ a 
2’ s 
+4 
2 
TU 
T U 
7 U 
' 8 
77 
S' ? 
5+4 
5 '? * 
+4 
9 
5*8 
5’ 8 
5*4 
' 8 
82 
5 
4*8 
5 f 
+8 
4 
15 >8 
15U 
15*8 
+9 
3 
4' a 
4+8 
4 U 
+9 
I 
A U 
6' e 
A U 
3o 
A' 8 
6 
6' 8 . 
23 
5’ s 
5' ? 
5' ? 
2 
AU 
AU 
A U 
+4 
634 
12' 8 
11*9 
11*8 
’ 9 
I 
IO 
IO 
IO 
'*4 
IV 
4*8 
4 '. 
4+4 
14 
5 U 
5 
5 U 
5 
I 
I 
I 
' 8 
HO 
IU 
4' a 
4' a 
13 
9*8 
V U 
9 ’ ? • u 
13 
14*8 
14*8 
14*9 * t/4 
68 
17*8 
17U 
U U 
' 8 
17 
AU 
6' 8 
6 U 
12 
4' ? 
4’ ? 
4' ? 
4' 8 
4 ’ a 
4 ' 8 
' 8 
3 
13+4 
43 'n 
43+4 * 
+8 
37 
I 
4 
4 
I 
' B 
8 
24U 
24' 4 
24’ b * 
*9 
3 
7’ . 
7 'a 
7' ? * 

BR I w t 
B TU Fug 
2 
6 I 37 I 32 
1*8 
1*B 
I 32 
I U l?8 
B a d g rM t 5o 
8 
17 
9*8 
9*8 
9*8 * 
G 
B .ik o rM lOe 
6 
I 
5 
5 
5 
G 
Bal d or E l 24 
6 
18 
12U 
17 
12 
1 j 
B a n F d I !5e 
39 
17 
16’ ? 
17 
* 
*8 a a n g P u n w t 
31 
1’ b 
I ' ? 
I* ? 
' 8 
B a n iste r 
4o 
5 
34 
12U 
11+8 
IT 
* 
+ 8 b a n n e r 
OB 
5 
9 
5’ e 
5 
5 la rc ta y 
o4 35 
13 
I * . 
1+4 
1+4 
'ft la rc o C a 
17 
8 
5 
3 * B 
3 G 
3*o 
Ja rn esE 
I 
3' -? 
3' 7 
3' ? * 
'ft la m w i 
2oe 
36 
37 
9*8 
9 'n 
VU la r r y R 
I? 
6 
I 
A U 
4*8 
4*8 
J a rry W r 44 
7 
6 
IO U 
IO '? 
IO U • 
' 8 
Jar th Sp 
2o 
8 
18 
3 U 
3 
3 
•ft 
3 a ru c tiF la rw ic k 
Jet I In d o8a 
6 

9 
5 
51 

2'? 
1*8 
5 + 4 

TU 
1*8 
5' ? 

2+8 
1*8 
5 + 4 * le ls c tR o6t 
A 
I 
2 U 
T U 
2 U 
J e n ru s 
5 1o3 
3 
T U 
3 
' 8 le rg e n B 
15 
SO 
5 U 
5 
5 
' 8 
3 rg B p H 15 
13 
13*4 
13' ? 
13’ . 
J c rn /O 
23 
7*4 
7G 
5’ ? 
2*4 ? 
' 8 
3 e rte a 
I t 
8 
8 
5 '? 
5' ? A u le rv e n C o6 
B efhC p lOe 
97 
I 
7*8 
3 + 8 
7*8 
3+x 
T U 
3*8 • 
' 8 d e v e rly E 
2o 
7*4 
7+4 
2 + 4 * 
'ft 
Sic Pen 
48 
9 
5 
13*8 
13+8 
13*8 * 
+ 8 
B ig D a d 
6 
I 
4 *8 
4 +8 
4 + 8 
3 iq V S u p 26 
4 
5 
7*8 
TU 
7*8 * 
G 
S in n y S m 8o 
7 
TO 
16' ? 
Its 
16' ? • 
G 
B tcssng 
3o 
5 
I 
HU 
AG 
A U • 
' X 
B lo u n t 
3o 
4 
7 
9 
BG 
9 
B od m A p to 22 
34 
5 
4*4 
5 
* 
'ift 
'soli Ber 
TO 
>8 
7 
7*8 
7 U 
7 ' r 
+4 
Bo A V a l! 
IO 1o9 4o 
IV 
18' 1 
18’ ? 
*8 
B ra d td N 
2o IO 
33 
S U 
8 
B U * 
' ft 
B ra n d A i w t 
4 
7*8 
T U 
T U 
1 o 
B ra s c a n A t 
3 
HT l l ’ ? 
U U 
U U 
* • 
B ra un E n 
1 
6 
6 
23U 
7 /G 
73’ o * 
' 7 
Bi e w w C 
IOT 
11+4 
U U 
U U 1 
’ ft 
B rodv St' ie 
IO 
T U 
7 G 
2' 1 * l 4 
B ro o ksP 4o 
5 
IO l l 
IO U 
IO U 
*8 
Br ow ll Q> Wt 
16 
2 U 
7 
2 
3 rn F A 
6o to 
I 
14*8 
14*8 u * 8 
HrnF B 
6o 
9 
7 
14*4 
U U 
U U i 4 
B uehter 
6 
I 
4*8 
4*8 
1*8 
Bi 
11 trill 
4ob 
5 
2 
13*4 
13*4 
13*4 
B orqess 
8 
77 
J U 
2*8 
7*8 
+4 
B u rn s ln 
6o a 
71 
IO 
9*8 
9*8 
B u tle r in 
SO 
5 
44 l i t ? t * l l l l ' / * 
*4 

CK P et 
2oe 
73 274 
\ . 
3 5 *. 
33 U 
34G • IG 
C H B Fd 
3 
4 
6 
6 
6 
* 
* a 
CHC Cp 
74r l l 
77 
8*9 
8*4 
8 *8? 
G 
• M ig w t 
CM ICP 
8 
IO 
2 3 37 3 32 
T U 
T U 
3 37 
T G 
CM T Iu d to 
2 
7 
7 
2 
CR bD es 
2o 
5 
AT 
8 '? 
S U 
8’ 1 * 
' a 
CSE Cp 
Ai 
5 
IT 
12'? 
I2+* 
U U * 
'ft 
C u b it om 
9 
I 
9*4 
9 '. 
9 + 4 
C a ld or 
25 
1o 
8 
13U 
13*8 
13' ? * 
U 
C a lco m p 
Cal Lr Ie 
5 
72 
4 
J U 
3' ? 
3 U 
3' ? 
3 '. 
3 ’ ? 
+• 
Cal P f IC 
I 
8x11 
16*8 
16U 
IA G a m c o 
6 
6 * . 
A U 
6+4 I 
' . 
C a C h b A 
34311 16 
3 U 3 I 
16+ 3 16 
C a m p in 
8 
5+8 
5 '. 
S U 
+• 
C d 'iE x p o5e 
7 l l 
6' k 
AU 
6' x 
'» d n H o m O 
IV 
9 
6 '? 
6 ? 
7 *» 
6 ’ ? 
' • 
C d" Hyde 
25 
7 
7 
7*8 
7 *» 
' X d ln P A I SO 
7 TH 
19 + 4 
1 9 ? 
19+4 I 
14 
C d nM arc 
2o l l 1o37 16 
3+8 
3*8 
I 
16 
(In M er? 
IO 
I 
13*8 
!3 G 
U G * 
'n 
CdnSupO 
8 
3 
3 8 '. 
38 
31 s4 
C a p e tia n 
5 
I U 
I U 
I U 
'ft 
I a p d iR s 
76 
3 
2 U 
3 
* 
C a p ili E d 2o 
5 
9 
J U 
J U 
3 ’ • * 
'ft 
C ar esse 
3o 13 l l 
4+x 
4’ ft 
4 U * 
' X 
C a rn a l I 8o 
13 
79 
73'? 
72»4 
TV ? * 
I J 
C a rg P ip l tb 
8 
2 
13'? 
U U 
U ’ 1 
C a r o P t p f 
5 
VISO 5 9 *. 
59 
5 9*. 
' 8 
C a stle A M 
I 
7 i 
IA U 
16* 4 
16' 4 
U 
C a s F d I 2oa 
I t a u 
18' • 
I6 U + 
'ft 
C a s tle tn 
9 
72 
TU 
7 
7' * * u a v itrn 
12e 
14 T it 
15*8 
14' ? 
IS '. 
G 
C e l'u C tt 
8 
A 
2+x 
2*8 
2+8 c e n v itl 
I 
77 i t 
TO'? 
IV' ? 
2o' ? * 
'ft 
C e rM p l 7 25 
Cdf ec C p 
17 
17 
17 
23' x 
T U 
73 
7 U 
73' x 
? •. * 
1 • 
C h a m p H o 
173 
3*8 
J U 
S U * 
G 
" a r lM d 
6 
I 
4*x 
4 ’ ft 
4*8 
'* 
C I'f'M p l 75 
C hem E x 
5 
I 
4 
7 
3*8 
7 
3*4 
7 
3 + 4 
C h ie f D e v 
13 
77 
111? 
U U 
U U 
C h d d W ld 
7 
5 
IO U 
IO U 
IO U * 
U 
C h rts tn .1 
UK 
35 
J U 
J U 
S U 
' • 
* ''le F iv e 
14 
I 
4 
A 
4 
Cm e r a t" 
> irc le K 
7o 
9 
7 
53 
7 
IT 
7 
U U 
7 
IT t 
U 
C ta rm n t tar kson Al 
; 
3 
IO 
6 ? 
U U 
6' ? 
U U 
6' 7 
U U • u 
C la o sm q 
I 
9 
6 
H U 
U U 
U U • 
C oac h i" 
Vs 
6 
37 
14 *« 
U U 
14+4 + 
+4 
C o titfiH a ' 
6 
$ 
I ’ i 
1*4 
I U * 
'a 
C oho im 
ITI 
1/ 
IS 
J U 
T U 
J U 
>4 
C o le m a " Am 
9 to t 
U U 
16' ? 
U U r 
>4 o tw e tlC 
IO 
6 
7 
7*« 
T U 
7*4 
C o *"A ll 
3oa 
I 
25 
IO 
9*4 
IO 
+ 
' ft 
O r" M il 6o" 17 
17 
U U 
HJG 
1o*8 
G 
G iP s y i 
3o 
I 
I 
IO 
IO 
IO 
O '" PS I 62 
7 
T 
18*4 
' ! J« 
’ I 3* 
14 
C o m p ar 
7 158 
IO '? 
IO 
IO U i 
1 m o m p o t" 32 18 
TA 
IO U 
IO U 
IO U • 
H 
C o m p u D 
7 
7 
J 1 ? 
7 U 
2*» 
' X 
C u m p li'v 
Conc h i" 
SO 
5 
4 
I 
I U 
9*8 
I U 
9*» 
I U 
9*8 
'o c u rd E 
$ 
7 
P l 
4' ? 
4 G x 
' ft 
Con dec 
J 
IS 
IOU 
IO 
IO 
I . o n n lly C 
7 
TA 
4 
3+4 
3*4 
•ft 
C onroy i t 
6 
IO 
IU 
4 U 
AU 
' X o**sOG 
18 
77 l l ' I 
11*4 
I U , 
' ft 
C o tilM n 
ITS 75 
1*4 
I U 
IU o u i Iu d 
Ak 
U 
) 
» 
ISG 
IS t s u 
C ookP V 4Gi 
8 
5 
U G 
U G 
OOO Jar t(H 
5 
4 
AG 
A ? 
6 ? 
* 4 
Cor d o " 
14 
Al 
3' 4 
J U 
3 + * * 
' ft o re L b Ak 
8 
6 
16 
16 
16 
Cor en co 
8o 
8 
9 
1SU 
IS 
IS u rtH -iius 
H 9 
TO i i ' ? 
I I G 
I I G u 
Con B lk I 4o l l 
$ 
/ * ’ • 
29U 
29U us* aine 
2 
TU 
J U 
7*4 * u 
CottQ ? 
'o f t C o r p vs 
Cu.C C 

79 
3 
J U 
2+8 i f f t 
TO 
IS 
I 5 16 5 16 
TO '. 
2o'? 
5 16 
TOU 
I f i n E 
U t 69 
9 
4 * 4 
4* 1 
4*4 x 
•ft 
Cl est Eo 
14 
I 
I U 
I U 
I U ro m p l 
75e 
5 
7 
IAG 
IA U 
16 • • 
' • 
C rus A ( I A' l l 
17 
37*4 
3 7*. 
3 7 '4 
'4 
'O w iM Mia 
IO 
2 
T U 
T U 
7 U 
•ft 
L wnC P i am I 
19 
X U 
X U 
JOU 
1 O W ' 1 In 
2o 
I 
2 
A U 
AU 
4 G 
C' Ole W ift 74 
76 
I i 
U U 
I U . # 
+x ry s tfO Uh 
* ’ olnc Cp 
K) 
I 
75 
I 
14 x 
15 
U U 
IS 
11*4 
IS u rtic e B OO 
6 
IS 
14' ? 
14' 4 
14* ? x t * 
' or h s M 15. 
5 
U 
I U 
5 
S U 
G 

I i 

 t '. t (Mi 

H W Pf 
H i WO* 
H H ,.Ii evC pA fv u iiG p 

17 
3 
I'? 
I1 ? 
IU 
49* 
5 79 J 
SU 
S' 4 
SU 
4 
I 
3 
J 
3 
74 
57 
O' k 
TU 
OU wt. 
9 
A) a u 
73*4 
/JU 
6 
53 ii 
1o*4 
WU 
TO* JO 
W ti 
WU iou lUe 
3I 
TU 
IU 
I U 
1+4 
IU 
AM 6 
U ll ? ii* r 
UU 
IJ 
I 
O' t 
6' ? 
6' 
IO 111 ll 
IOU 
WG 
7 
• 
6*4 
6‘ 4 
6' ? 
9 
11/35o 
JJG 
JJU 
JJU 
4 
3 + 4 
3 + 4 
3*4 
I i t 
U G 
IG 
I ) '. 
I 
IIG 
I 
KR 14 
A 
JU 
I U 
VU 
I 56 
U 
1$ 
IAU is 
IO*' 
6 
6 
U U like 
H U 
I 
* , 
37 *4 
37*4 

I 17 

4 
4 
I ’ ft 
U U 
IAG 

TU 
12’ * 
16* • 
U U 
16*4 lot 
8 
IOU 
WU 
WU 
UR | | IS l l I It 
IA H I 16 r 
I 
I J 
TI lf** 
I7», 
UG 
I 
2 
6'* 
6+4 
AG 
On IO 1)1 
4G 
4' ? 
4' , ft 
JI 
V ? 
$ + » 
5+4 ll 
A-* 
A U 
A U 

Q ty. 

E lH o se lu r 
E IA u d D 211 
E le c tro q 
I 
E le rE n g 28 
E le c tR e s 
E le c A m I 2o 
E n g yR s 
E rn s ) EC 64 
E ro Ind 
EspeyAAf 
E s q R a d 39e 
E ssexC h 32 
E t/L a v 
F v a n A r 2or 
E xec Ind 

P l S a la t 
H 
L 
• a lia (h tte ) 
J 
4+a 
12 
24 
6 
3 
6 
22 
5 
4 
71 
3 
3 
4 
2 
3o 

4 'a 
4+8 
4+8 
14+4 
14’ 

9 
9 
5 
16 
6 
5 
* 
138 
8 l l 
5 

8 
1+4 
7 >8 
1+4 
2o 
TOG 
6' a 
6 
1o + 8 
1o+8 
1+8 
1+8 
5 '8 
AG 
9 '8 
2+8 
15' J 

S '8 
9 'j 
9 
2+4 
15 
4 
44 
12+8 ll+ a 

F D lln c Ole IO 
3 
F a bien 
oSi 2o 
1 fa iH N o b 
1 
F a irm C . 14e 15 

2+4 
3 
7 
3'a 

2 + 4 
3 
2 
3’ a 

Cia Nat 
Ch* 
* u a •• 
4+8......... 
14'+4 4 '4 
8 
+ '•* l* k . 
. 
2 o U t- t/4 
6 
IO U 
V a 
. 
S '. 
9 '? - 
'a 
9 ’ 9 + '8 
2+4— '4 
1 5',,— 
11 + 8 - ’ : 

2 + 4 
3 
2 
3 '8 
F * I c°n S 
I 
’ 155 
38+ e 
37+a 
38+4 
Fash F a b 
32 
IG 
1 
} 
I 
16+8 
16+8 
16+8 
9 
F a y D rg 1or 13 
FedAAart 6o 
5 
FedR es 
235 
14'a 
14 
5'4 
4+9 
14 
— +7 
5 '4 + 
I 4 
F e lm n t 
2oe 18 
2o 
18* ? 
18'4 
18’ ?+ +» r'lm C p A 
C . 
• 
. 
8 
13+ 
1+4 
... 
F ilm w y o5r IO 567 
U G 
9 G l l+ e + l + i t+Gen to 
6 
12 iq s * 
IO' ? 
IO’ a 
F I Conn 
7 Se l l 
F s tH a rtfd 
F s tH rt p) 5o 
'.ISL Sh 
15 

6+4 
V a 
4 'a 

6' ? 
1' a 
4’ 8 

6+4 + 
I ' a 
4 '8 

F is th rP 48t 
6 
18 
14 
IO 'a 
1o + 8 
1o+8 
''t 

F la g g 
, j 
F la g s ta d 
6 
13 
F la v rln d 
17 lo 

13+4 
14 
I ’ a l ’ e 
4 ’ 4 
7 ', 
F h g h lS f o9e IO 
35 
13'a 
12' ? 
13’ a'* 
+i 
+411 1611 16 
I l f 
F lo c k 
F lo w G e n ’ 
4*9 
4' ? 
4*8 
F lo w e rs 
6o 6 l l 
18+4 
W G 
I8»a 
+ 
F lu k fJ 
1o 
F ly D a O 
9 
F o o d rm 
4o 
4 

16+b 
16'4 
16+8 
93 
73 + s 
2 3'? 
23’ ■ 
6 
5+4 
5+8 
FodH w vs 2o 
5 
14 
IO '? 
IO' 4 
IO'4 
F o rd C a n Sa 
6/3oo 
8 6 '/ 
8 6'? 
86' ? 
F o re s t L a b 
6 
5 3 
3 
F o x S ta P 5o 
IO 
8 8+4 
8' ? 
F ra n k in R i 
3 3s , 
3 * , 
F ra n k N u 36 
5 
2 9 
9 

3 
8 G - 
3 ’ a 
9 
F re s n illo 4o 55 
13 7 1'a 
71-4 
21+« 
F rig tm p S5t 6 
72 
F rise bs 
1ob 8 
5 
8 '8 
7’ 8 
8 b 
7 '. 

G TI 
13 
I 
G alaxy 
6 
7 
G arcia 
21 
G a te s L r jc t 
3 
IO 
G a y lo rd 
I5e 3 l l 
G aynor 
4 
S n E m p 
I9r 
I 
G enE xp 
19 7ftn 
G nH ous 
Genge 
G enovD r 
Goon Ind 
G erbe r 
G ia n tF d la 
S ia m Yet 
G la dd in g 
G la sro ck 
G la ttltr I 8o 
6 
G lenG er 
16 1oo 
_ 
GlenDiS 441 
8 
45 
17 
S lo b c ln 
7o 
6 
G lo ver lOe 
G oldnCyt 
4o 

3 
78 
6 
5 
6 
5 
15 
6 
13 
5 
2 
97 
87 
28 
19 
3 
5 

IG 
I G 
I G — 
U 
4*8 
4 + 4 
4*» f 
U 
?' ? 
7+8 
2 G + 
' a 
9*4 
9 U 
9*< 
4* n 
4 U 
4 U 
*8 
*8 
* 8 4 I 16 
7 
7 
2 
1o*8 
IO 
IO U ? 
' ? 
1 *8 
1*4 
I G 
2 U 
T U 
T U 
5' ? 
5*8 
5+8 
' a 
1+4 
I U 
1+4 
A *. 
AG 
6+4 * 
U 
16*8 
1 6 *4 
16+4 
'n 

3’ ? 
S'4 

7 + 4 
3' ? 
S 'a 

16 
19' 
3 

7 > i 
3’ ? 
. . 
5 'a 
35+8 
35+8 
35+e 
5 
5 
5 
16’ a 
16’ 9 
19 
U G 
3’ .1 
3’ 4 
3'4 
11 + a 
11 + a 
11 + 8 
•o ldn W 36e 7 
17 
IO U 
1o+4 
1o+4 
G o ld fie ld 
G oodrich w t . 
G o rm R 9oa 
8 
G rn d C tl 
3o 6 
O 'A m In d 
4 
G tB a s in P 
69 
G tL k C h 
28 14 
G re e n m n 
4 
G re e rH y 
17 
5 
S R E IT 
IO IO 
G ro s s T k 
I 
7 
Gro w C 
32b 6 
G ua rd C 
SO 
8 
G u ilfo rd 
2o 
4 
GI fO C an I o8 7 
C ftilK trm 

HOHsM ot 7? 5 
M a m p D I Se 15 
N an ip tn 
3 
H a n n frd 
72 
5 
Man y r St) 6o 
5 
H anS qR t 
M a rla n d 
6o IO 
H a rttd Z d 
M a rt/AA 
3o l l 
H a rv e y 
H a sbro 
o5" 
4 
H ast m g 4oa 
7 
H a w a ii tor 
3 
H e a tth C h to 
H e n n ck lOe 
9 
H eitm A A tg 
H iG ln c 
31 
M ishe ar 
H itlh a v n "37 
5 
H ip trn n 
JO IS 
M olnqA I 8o IO 
H o lly Cp 
IO 
H onieO A 75 8 
H om eO B 75 
7 
H orn H a r 

HousR on 3o 
5 
2 
4*« 
House V I 
32 
17 
9 
4+» 
HouOilAA HO 
27 771 48 
H ow elC 
4o 
8 
3 
16 
16 
H u b e ilA I 5o 
IO IO 
34+? 3 4 ', 
, 
H u b e llB I 5o 
IO 41 
3514 3514 
3514 

5513 16 
*4 
*4 
38 
7 U 
7 
7 U 
3 
71 
7o*e 
2o’ b 
2oo 
7 U 
7' 7 
7' ? 
+8 
3 
AU 
6' 8 
A U 
554 
7 
6*8 
6*8 
18 
36' ? 
36' a 
36' ? * i j 
13 
3+8 
3*8 
3+8 
7 
5*8 
5 U 
SU 
I 
A’ 8 
6 ' 8 
A1 8 
4 
14*8 
14*8 
U G + 
’ a 
IO 
V U 
8*8 
8*6 
1 xS 
9 ’ ? 
9' ? 
9> ? 
3 
4+4 
4 + 4 
4 * . 
V. 
4 
76’ ? 
26' / 
26' ? 
1 a 
14 
S11 

 l l 

S U 
5+9 + 
G 

5 
14' ? 
14' a 
U U bt 
» 
A U 
A U 
A U 
3 
5*4 
S U 
5 U 
"ti* 
4 
17 
12 
12 
I 
1o*4 
1o*4 
IO *. + i j 
5 
4’ b 
4’ . 
4’ a 
•*• 
69 
18*4 
1 8 * 8 
1 8 * r 
H 
35 
4+8 
4' ? 
4 ’ ?. 
3o 
12' 4 
U G 
12U * i , 
6 
315 1615 1615 16 
2o 
9 
9 
9 
+ 
+r 
12 
V U 
V U 
V U 
U 
7 
4 
4 
4 
8 
7*8 
7*8 
7 * . 
136 
2 
I G 
2 
42 
I U 
I U 
I U 
3 
3 U 
3 '8 
3 U * 
' • 
I 
AU 
AU 
A U 
18 
6+b 
A' 8 
A U 
' ft 
4 
A 
6 
6 
' a 
I 
78 
28 
78 
’ * 
99 
6 
5*8 
6 
* 
U 
6 
28' ? 
2 8 '. 
28’ ?. 
IO 
74 U 
74 U 
2 4U * u 
4 
5*8 
5 U 
5 H 
' 4 

4’ a 
4' 4 
4 ’ a 
4*e 
46‘ a 
4 7+ 4*1 
16 
WM 

Hue kAAtg JO 13 
Hod BO 
I 57 8 
I 
4 ' . 
4 ' 4 
3 
32'a 
31+4 
31 + 4 
+4 
4o ilm a n 5o 
5 l l 
U G 
12+a 
IT G 
4 u n tH lt 
I Se 
5 44 
31, 
31, 
3J4 
H uskyO 
8o 
8 411 
24*4 
7 3'? 
24'a 
M vee! Inc 
18 
IO 
3 + 8 
3+'* 

I 

•CAAR 
3 
SU 
S U 
S U 
MC Me) 
2o 6 
2 
7 
7 
7 
IS C F in l 
23 
4 
2 '? 
2'? 
2’ ? 
1o15 1615 1615 16 
2 
5+8 
5+8 
5+8 im p G r p 
o7e 
8 
1315 1615 1615 16 tm p e rln d 
I 
7 ' b 
2+b 
2+b m p O 'IA 86 IO 
9o 
2o+4 
2o' ? 
2o*8 n e o trm 
13 17 
14' a 13’ i 
1 4 '»< 
2 
I '4 
I** 
I '4 * 
I 
1+9 
1+8 
1+8 x6 
7' b 
7 
7 't ' 
H O IS 16 
+a15 16 
7 
9 
9 
9 
5 
I 
1+4 
M i 
M i 
IO 
5o 
7+a 
7* 4 
TG n il A lu m 5o 
7 
8 
I } * 
13'» 
1 3*8 ' n tB n k n t 
9 214 
3+8 
J U 
3+8 n lC o u r 
28 
9 
J 
12+8 
12*8 
12 + 8 n tF d S v c 
I n tF u n rl QSe 6 
14 n tO e n ln 9o 
5 5 n tp ro tn 
IO 76 n tS e a w 25e 
3 3 
6o 

, t « C j 
Im p C h 
3oe 
6 

"H ig h t Sv m ol ex 
" s ire n 
2o n s ti Sys 
"S S v pf 25* 
‘n te g R e s trm e d 

IG 
2+» 

 n ts trtc h in t SyCon 25 6 
98 t l l 
7 155 
16+ 
? 
M 
5 
35 
4' 
SI 

IG 
2+x 
I 
O '? 
13+8 
U U 
6+a 
6 
6 
I U 
I ' ? 
27' 

8 
1+4 
28 
16 

8' 
I* 
2 7U 
16 8 
16*8 < 
16*8 
16’ a in te r pool in te r w a y 
In v e s t F lu in v O v B OSe 
In v R tT r lo m ts 
15 
69 
U U 
17 + 4 18+a F l u 
I 'o q B ro 
2o 6 
5 
7 U 
7'8 
V 8 ♦ 
U 

1+4 
4' ? 
6 U 

Ma 
4' ? 
6+8 i 

 ira q B + od |?t 
Irv ln ln d I6t 

 toe I yn 
IU 
5 

IS '8 
14+8 
1 5 'i t 
U 
6+8 
6+8 
6+» 

 h i 
Jacobs n 
7 tft 
17U 
U U la m s w v 
o5' 
6 
83 
W*4 
W U 
Je trom 1 
4 
38 
3 '« 
3 ig fin P d 
J6 
8 
72 
7G 
T U ionipe« P 
U 
7 
3'? 
3+x iu q ite r 
4 
3 

K 

SU 
S U 

 k T e llit i$e 
4 
J 
S U 
S' • x ais? Iu d 2ft 
8 382 
IA U 
IS G tear ie M ilt w t 
9 
4 
4 
*> a puk T lur 
7 
6 
4*8 
4 *« 
Ken w in 34a 
5 
5 
SU 
8 
► 
72 l l 
844 
47' 1 
42» 
K idd* w t 
4 
V ? 
I U 
* in A t k 
8 
17 
1*4 
I U 
K m g R d 7oe 
6 
I 
7*8 
/* » 

* ir lly F x 
9 
IT 
JO' J 
78*4 k it M fg 
9 
IT 
SU 
5 U k le**f V o 
4 
I 
3 G 
3*8 k lei neets 
6 
I 
6 ‘-I 
A U k l l " k Toy 
8 
65 
15' x 
14*4 h o U m r 
36 IO 
3 
16' « 
IAG k " ( in s tr 
IO 
5 
18 
7' ? 
T U 

IO '? 1 
J U - 
7+% 
3+8 
5 '. 

S' 8 
1S + 8- 
4 
4 '* - 
8 
4 2U * 
I U * 
1+4 
7*8 
29+4 ♦ I 
SU ♦ 
3*4 
6>8 ♦ 
14 + 4 
16'8 
7+8 

L I V C o rp w t 
I .'B u rg e o6 14 
L a P o m t 2oe 8 
I .(J im ' i 
I 
I a ly H ad 
26 
7 
I a k e b itoc 
4 
L 'td m ik 
I a t u u ' B 
L e 'H o n 

I " * - E " tr 
I ne P f a r 
I et sew r f 

A a 
7 
5o 
7 
6o I? 
5 

I, 

JO 5 16 
14 
2 + 8 
4* i 
IO U 
7*8 r 
* 
I 1 ? 
2+8 
•9 
IO 
74' ? 
3+8 

 t "V ittle 
I .v t is Bf 
I b ly k ab 
I yhtgtr 
I m in A " 
I lo rd s F 
' "d y e s 
I uh m n 
I W A I lit - A l lo u ie on 
I >rV>4«Sv 82 

Ut* ta t' 

5 16 5 16 
T U 
2+8 

6 
IO 

12' 

AA Lh C orp 
WPO 
AA. P fjb 
I 4o 
M a n tm th 
W nguuo 
W a iit'lHe JU 
AAanslT 
W a rm d q 
AA.li k ( I t 
AAarsbFd 
M a rs ld n 
W a rt Pi t> 
Wa s ln d 
4oa 
W a sn eiln JO 
Was lee s 
W aul Bi 
14b 
AAi ( utO 
Wi Ii h it 
84 
AAi 8 I Cfi i 
W eaie.F I UK 
Mx-tUilst 
4+ 
W iC i.'liiG p 
Mech u h 
W e d eifi ti 
2o 
W .-Ot1 HO 
M n l 1G 11 IO 
’A *s ji'In t lo 
V>i MCU 
I 
'A rf c u t tie 

 n't 

Ai 6x23 
I 
I kl 

 i a it * y ift d id Cm lo 
.(Ii CMS 
At 
_ 
_ im* A u ta tux 4 1 
M 
I U 

TO 
A 
■ 
97 
4 
1o 
I 
J 
11 it 
I 
6* IS 
4 
25 
I 
St 
4 
2o 
6 
14 
18 
4 
IS 
6 
17 
3 
'6 
4 
I 
8 U t 
4 
I 
I 
4 
I 
6 

J * . 
6 G 
7*4 
I ? 
6 + 8 
J U 
AG 
I to l f ? 
S U 
U U 
21* 

M 
IU 
7’ i 
16 8 
4*8 
3 + 8 
S'* 
5 + 8 
2)11 16 l f 
5 
7 
19*( 
9 U 
31 

4 + 8 
IO U 
7* i i + i 
1+8 
I *8 
IO 
IO 
74* ? 
1 + 8 
JU 
6+8 
7+4 
SU 
6+8 
3 * 8 
6 ' 4 
2' 4 
IS' 4 
S U 
H U 
21 U 

4' 4 
IO U 
7U 
2' ? • 
1+8 

. r 
IO 
74' / 
3 + 8 
2' 8 I 
6+8 
I U ' 
8*8 
6+8 
3*8 
6*8 
2 + 8 
U U 
I U 
17 + 8 I 
71+. 

1.6 65 l l 
. ' I i 
TMI 17 
»l * a 
> 6 I t m i i i t f 
* 
6 t i l l i i 

I U 
M U 

W. VSCI t 
I'M .i n , i i 
W ileC v 
AAH ,u p 

6 
W I 
8 

4+8 
4 * 8 
3*4 
17+4 
3 + 8 
U U 
• 
1+8 
2 
9 > , 
5*8 
18*4 
U U 
11*8 
2 
S U 
16*4 
I U i * i 
4 
12 + 8 
6 u 
5 
I T I 
I 3 * t 
14*8 
I ' * 
41 U 
I U 
) I* 4 
5 U ii* < 

U T U 
6 
I 

 t i 

6 
4 * 4 
J ' * 

T i 
#* * 
• u 

7 
16 8 
4' 4 
J U 
5 
5 + 4 
I 
17+4 
5 
1 
W U 
9*8 
J8 
4 U 
4+8 
3 
17+4 
3*8 
U U 
7 + 4 
1*4 
2 
**8 
5*4 
W U 
U U 
U U 
2 
« u 
W U 
IU 
1*4 
4 
11*8 

 t i 
J J U 
U U 
I*? 
4o 8 t i i t 
%* t 
U U 
I 
1 4 *4 

I* ? 
7* i * 
W ' 8 
4'4 
3*8 
S' 8 I 
5*4 l l 16 l l +4 

I 
1 
19' ? « 
9*8 
J* 
4+8 I 
4+8 
3 
17+4 
J U 
U U ' 
1 
I 
1 + 8 ' 
2 
V U < 
S U w u 
12 + 8 
U U 
2 

16*4 
I U 
I* i I 
4 
U U 
6*4 ' 
3 l l 
JJU 
14 *8 . 
I'? 
4o U f U * 
J I U I 
I* # t i * . 
I 
14*4 

M V . 
P E S M M 
M 
R a tio (b d s I 
N a tin a w t 
54 v , 
N K in n e y 
155 
2+x 
N tP a ra g 4o 
5 
55 
S U 
N tP a fe n t 
28 272 
1 2 's 
N tS p in n g 
142 18 
4+b 
Ma I bys! 
IO l l 
N a tw H o 
36 6 
6 
N elson L B 
32 
I 
N cstLAA 
3 
N E N u c lr SOH 
17 
79*4 
N H a m p 4oa l l 
2 
16+8 
N ld ria 
o4e 
8 117 
I U 
NAAexAr 
98 
4 
32U 
N P ro c 
63e IO 
33 
IO U 
N Y T im e s 6o 8 
55 
16 
N e w b E n 2o 
5 
12 
15*9 
N e w p rk 
6 
N ia g F S v 56 4 
N ic h o ls 
771 
4 
Noel Ind 
5 
Not ex 
36 
35 
N or le k 
o4 13 
12 
No A m AAI w t 
115 3 16 
N o rA m R .1o 9 
IO 
14-G 
N o rC d n O 
IO 
41 
NovoC p 
7 
N u c lD ta 
15 l l 

4+9 
IO' a 
J U 
I U 

4o 

15 

6 
I 
U+k 
5 
4' 9 
2*8 
4 
VA 

N u m a rO 

7+8 
7W 
9 
74 
65 
13 

( ) 

V IO 
2 U 
B U 
11 + 4 
41 4 
414 
1o*8 
2 U 
1 + 4 
28U 
W U 
I U 
31U 
IO 
15*e 
15 + 4 
5*9 
13 + 8 
4 U 
2+i 
4 
3' a 
' a 
H U 
7U 
7W 
8*9 
13 

C ie N « t 
C ho 

V 16 ‘ I l f 
2 '9 — '9 
8' ? f ' t 
12 
+ +t 
4*4— >9 
4+9......... 
IO U — u 
2V4 ......... 
1+4 
28*9- 
’ 's 
16+8 
I U — u 
32' 4 +- +i 
IO U 
16 
— 'a 
15*8+ 1/4 
6 
13*9 
4 '9 - ' a 
2 *9 + '/« 
4 
3 U + U 
U — Aa 
14'?. 
... 
7 U — U 
2 U 
8 * 9 - ' a 
U 

D a k w d H o9r 4 t 
G ffsh o re 
A 
IO 
O hio A rt 2 + i 
6 
I 
D h io B 
7 
A l l 
Oh S ealy 
48 7 
12 
D nLm eS 
13 
6 
O O kiep 
14/235o 
O rm a n d 
25 
7 
O S ullvn 
6o 
6 
5 
D u td rS p 
1oe 5 
17 
D v e rh D r 5o 
7 
8 
OversSec 
O x to rd F t 
O /a rk A lOe 
4 
67 

P F in d 
PSA in c w t 
P G E p fA I 5o 
P G E p fB I 37 
3 G E p tD I 25 
P G E p fG t 2o 
P G E p f T 2 54 
PGEi+IS 7 62 
P G E p fH I 17 
P G E p fR 2 37 
P G E p fP 7 o5 
P G E p fO 
2 
PG EpfAA t 96 
P G F p fK 2 o4 
P G E p tJ 2 32 
P G E p f I I o9 
P H o ld q 
16 
8 
P H o ld p f I TO 

V U 
V U 
»*ft + G 
17'7 
17*8 
17’ ? F "4 
A U 
6+8 
6+8 
41 + 4 
41' 8 
41' a 
I U 
S U 
8 U 
8 'a f U 
7o 
2o 
2o f V. 
39 
3 6*. 
39 
*3 
I U 
2 '? 
2 U 
1 5*. 
15'? 
1 5 G + U 
TU 
T U 
7’ 4 * U 
H U l l 
U U 
3' a 
J U 
3’ 8 — ' *8 
2 
2 
2 
4' 8 
4 
4 

• 
I U 
IU 
I H F '» 
' 4 
U 
U ......... 
1o 
S 
■ 
2 
U U 
U U 
U U 
3 
16 
16 
16 
3 
15 
U U 
15 
* 
4 
13+b 
13*9 
13*8- 
9 
79 
28+4 
28+4 
36 
JOU 
29+4 
3 o U * 
1 
13 
13 
13 
4o 
2 8'a 
27 G 
77*4 
7 
24 
23+e 
24 
IO 
24 
23' i 
24 
* 
4 
23+x 
22+4 
23+4 + 
16 
23*8 
23+4 
23*9 
2 
77+4 
27U 
27+4 + 
17 
13 
13 
13 
14*e 
15 
W U 
1 9 U f 
P a c L t p f4 36 
/4oo 51 
51 
51 
P a c L tp ftS O 
/31o 53’ 4 5 IU 
5 1U t+N w Tet I 3? 
9 is le u 18U 
18*4 
Pa 11 C orp 4o 
13 
4o 3 lU 3M h 
S IU 
P a n d e lB 
J 
? 
9 
3 
6 
6 
5 
3 

P a n ta s t 
3o 
7 
P a ra P k M a 
5 
P a rk E I 
1oc 
P a rs o n s 
8o 5 
P a t Fash 
5 
P ata go n 
7 
Pa toC 
I 2oe 
4 125 
P e m c o r 
2o 
5 2 
Pen EAA 6oa 
7 
P E C p 
»ot 
5 
P e n R IE I IS 8 
P o p c o rn 6o 
4 
P e rin i 
3oa 
4 
PeH ec 
8 
P e tro Le 
P h ilL D 63t 
P ho e nix 
P ic N P a y 2o 6 
P io n e e rs 
P ion Tex 
8o 
6 

3*8 
3*8 
5+4 
5 '? 
5*4 
5*o 
2+4 
2+4 
22+9 
22+4 
2*8 
2*9 
4 U 
4 U 
9*4 
9 
BG 
8+4 

3+8 
5+6 + 
5 U * 
7+4 
2 2 + k - 
2+9 
4’ 9 
9 
8 *4 I 
13 
1o+4 
IO U 
1o+4 
7 
4 
3 + 8 4 4 
1 
U U 
U U 
U U ‘ 
2 
IS G 
IS '? 
15+4 
4 
7' ? 
7*> 
6*9 
6 U 
7 '. 
6 + a t i 
24 
15 + h 
15'? 
15*8* 
7G 
3 
9 U 
I U 
8+4 

7G 
3 
9 
1*7 
8 + 4 

7' 4 
3 
9 U * 
I U . 
8 + 4 
PitDAA I 2oa 
5 
19 25 
24' 7 24*# 
P ittw a y U p l l 
2 35*9 
35’ b 
35+9 f 
P la n t in d 
25 
6 + b 
6 U 
6 U 
Pl an tm 
o8 15 
53 
U U 
12+4 
U U 
P ly G c m S it 
5 
P otoron 
P ol ye h r 
79t 
8 
33 
P ra irie O 
W 
P ra ttL m b I 
7 

4 '? 
3+8 
7 '? 
9*9 
U U 
U U 
U U 
6' 8 
5 U 
6 

4’ ? 
3*a 
7*e 
9' . 

4*: 
3 % 
7' ; 
9' . 

P ra ttR d 
3o 6 
3o 
P re n H a I 17 l l 
8 27+a 
72U 22’ a 
P rc s R tB 
33 
2+4 
7 U 
7+ 
P re s le y l l 
714 U U 
IO U H U 
P re sto n 
7o 
9 
15 U U 
13 
P rim A A t 
ITI IO 
I 
P ro C T I TO" IO 
7 
P ro v G a s 8o 8 
I 
P rd R IE 
2o 8 8 
2 
P ru d B d g 24 5 
24 
P rg d G p 
P u lte H 
O'teheror 

 l l 
72 
5 
K 

5 

 u 
2+8 
7+8 
2+8 n u n u n u 
9+4 
9+x 
2 U 
A 
SU 
6*4 
S'» 

J U 
4’ 8 
5' ? 
6*8 

9 + 4 
J U 

S U 
6*»* 
5*8 

6 U 
2 
6' .• 
I U 
WB tn d o8e 
R E T 
R E T p f 4 38 
2 
RMAAed 
5 2 
R SC In d 
8 6 
R IC C O 
12a 
R acon 
2oa 
R aq an B 
I Se 4 
41 
7 '» 
6+8 
R a n c h E x 
74 77 
17*4 
W U 
17+4. 
W anqrO 
6o 49 
21+4 
2Q*e 21+4 * 
34 
12 
12 
I? 
4- 
7 
I U 
I U 
I U * 
13 
5 
4*a 
4*8 

R a n sb rq 
8o 
6 
R a p d A m w t 
R a th P 

6' 7 
U9 
45'a 
4 5'a 45'a 
4 ‘ i 
4 + 8 
4 ie 
1+4 
1+4 
1+4 
21 
17*8 
17+4 12U 
'4 
3*8 
3*8 
3*9 

R a y m P r 
5o 18 
13 
78 U 
2 7'? 
2 7'? 
I 
R eading 
R e a lE s l I AO 13 
R tln c T I I Se I 
R ltR e t 7 I Se 9 
R eeves T 
R e frig T r 
6 
R e ga l B 
52 
8 
R e iG rp w t 
R e in A r 
8oa 
7 
R epH ous 
R e p N Y 
8ft 
5 

7' J 
2*» 
IS H 
15 
9 U 
V U 

2 U * 
IS 
9 U 

R e s is t!!* 61 
7 
4 
R e s rts A 
IO 
85 
R e s rts B 
3 8/1 oo 
Rest Asse 
R ib le t Pd 
6 
R ic h to n 26e 
I 
H ite yC o 
7 

16 
6 
73 
77 
23 

TOU 
TOU 
7o' a 
'» 
7' ? 
2' 1 
V 7 . 
6' 4 
A U i U * 
U 
V U 
V U 
9 U + 
' r 
I U 
I 
I 
11 
17U 
17 
17 
TU 
T U 
TU 
25'? 
25+. 
2 5 U — 
G 
19+8 
18*t 
19U + 
2oU 
2o 
TO 
— 
1 j 
V G 
V U 
V U 
' t 
I7 U 
1 7 *. 
17+. + 
'4 
I ’ ? 
I U 
I G 
4' 4 
4 U 
4 U 
7*8 
7 U 
7 U 
72 
22*9 ♦ I U 
Risclon 
4o IO 
53 
16' a 
IS' ? 
I5 U 
' 
R o bn tcti 
R o b im 
A 
R o c k w a y 
I 
7 
Roe o r 
Hejgers a 
R o ssm r 
R o y B u s F 
R u d d ic k 
I7t> 5 
Rosco 
R ussell 
R ust C it 
4o 
R y a n H 

4o 

W 
14+b 
14 
J 
14U 

S 
•AAU 
S I PCP 
8o 
12 15 bateman 
6 J 
Salem 
Bvt 
6 7? sCartO 
6J1 
SO 
SDqu p l 
2 6m 
5 b f 1 R f 
I Se 75 
17 
SF R F w t 
72 
>anjyy 7 so 
7 
1 
S arge nt 
7 
7 ith e tb E 
56 
IO l l 

 bi h ra d e r JO 8 x ' A lia 
1711 x r iv n e r 
TO 
5 s e a p o rt 
.e a p rt p f 56 x m S n A lt 26 ax M fg l" 
5e« AAtfri w t 
>eryisco 3o 
S*-r vo 
.••ton Co 
45 
A lia ro n 
I ih e ltr H sh et i an O 
I'OWtlOt 
I 
Sit o lm Tr 

 n o m a 
TO* 
S ikesC p A b ilo in t 
Simians 
8o nmHex 
S Hkm bR 
■xjlitron borg P a p e r so un ds'! 
4o bC E d p H o6 sC E d p t I 45 
SC EU p H 3o sC E d p l7 3o 
SCEd p f 7 21 
SC E J p i; 58 bC E d o I 8 96 

■par le k 
4o 
S pe cltyR 
■pee to r 
We b p e c tro 
ITI 
•p e i/m n 
Spent er 'Jffi- 
.petter F 
37 

IU 
4 1 4 
4'4 ♦ 
11 
U + 4 
U + 4 
14*. I 
' a 
7 U 
T U 
2 U 
U+4 
U G 
U G 
U 
5 
4 G 
5 
+ 
14 
16 
' ? 9 
16 * I 
16 
5+4 
5*4 
$+. 
I ' ? 
I ' ? 
I ' ? 
A 
7*ft 
8 
12 + 8 
U U 
17+8 + 
11 
U U 
U U 
U+« 
U 

A 
2+» 
2 G 
13*8 
U+4 
U G 
' 8 
1o+4 
IO U 
1o+4 + 
I,. 
14 
U U 
14 
I U 
6 + 4 
T U * 
G 
79' 4 
29' 4 
TOU 
U U 
12 
IT 
I U 
I 
I U 
37 
37 
37 
U 
J U 
3+ft 
3+6— 
1 a 
7 
7 
7 
IO U 
IO U 
1o*8 
' X 
6*8 
6+8 
6+8 
U G 
IA G 
U G . 
•G 
14 
14 
14 

 bpi eft I ei I 
. 'd t t r d l 
SIU Alin 
'd C o n l 
I btdAAetl 
5 sldAAot A 
S id P a ( Cp 

9 
2 
I U 
I U 
I U 
/SO 
S U 
S U 
S' 8 
'ft 
12 
27 
19'4 
W G 
19'4 * u 
3 
7 + 4 
T U 
2 + 4 
3 
7 32 
•4 
6 
6 
S U 
S H 
S U 
' 4 
9 
I 
5 ‘ . 
S+x 
5+8 + 
G 
6 
A 
7' ? 
I U 
7+* - 
G 
7 
31 
14 
U G 
13*8 
W 
7 
2 
7 
'» 
18 
72 
T I U 
TAU 
76' ? * 
U 
6 
7 
16*8 
16 + 4 
W G 
S 
J U 
T U 
T G ♦ 
' 8 
9 
I 
I U 
7*4 
T U r ? 
'ft 
4 
2 
9' ? 
9 ' ? 
A 
3 
8 
8 
8 
3 
2 + 4 
2 G 
7 + 4 
' a 
I 
AA 
9 U 
I U 
9 ’ . * 
U f 
5 
W + 4 
W U 
1o+4 r 
IO 
3 
U 
T U 
T 
J U 
I G 
V ? 
7 
' • 

37 
V t 
7 '• 
T U 
2 
4' ? 
4* 4 
4' ? I 
1 
5 
45 
U G 
H G 
U U 
7 
U G 
U G 
W G 
U G 
S 
W U 
W U 
6 
IA U 
W U 
16' 4 
•ft 
77 
TAG 
26*x 
G 
I 
76G 
76’ a 
TAU r 
' # 
I 
97' J 
97 4 
92' ? so 
K R U 
HWU 
1o4 >4 
6 
TI 
74*8 
24 »* 
TAU 
5 
33 
4*1 
4' » 
AU * 
A 
• wu 
IO U 
IOU 
7 
SU 
S U 
JA 
I 
7' 4 
7 '. 
T U 
4 
2 
39 
4 G 
I 
4+4 
I 
1 u 
7 
JO 
3 + 4 
J U 
? '* 
' X 
5 
14 
S G 
S + 4 
5+4 
1 • 
6 
IO 
6 ' 4 
6' 8 
A U 
5 
17 
4*8 
4*8 
4*8 + 
' • 
6 
U l l 
U G 
U * . 
4 
7 
S G 
$*ft 
5+8 
IT 
77 
4’ ft 
4 G 
4+8 
1, 
T 
5 
1o + 4 
W G 
IO U 
' ft 

'd P 'o d I TO A 
I'a n g e 
I? 19 

4 1o5 
IO U 
IO U 
IO U 

■ la rrlM o I t I 
( I 

JO 8 
24 
8 

 b ie e tm t 24b 
4 b ier I E l 
14 b te v tq k n it 
5 
StrottA) boe A nn 
S o m m tt 
1 b o n C d y l 
25 
5 b o n n e t 
6o 9 
6 

21'» 
21' 
14 
W U tam 
I U 
5 
U U 
H U 
4 + 4 

W 
.WI? 48 
S 
14 bottu an 
.op F US 
4o IO bop Iud I 
Ut? 
7 s u p b u rq 14 
9 
5 bu sqoe* 1 
11J 
I b u t r M ig w t b y n a lo * 
»♦? 5 
J n u t-. 
5o 
9 69) 
SyS'fnq 
22 
13 

14 l f IU 
T U 
I'? * 
$ t 
U U 
4 U 
715 W I5 W I5 W 
I 
3*9 
3*9 
18*9 
18*9* 
14*9 
U U 
U U 
U U 
V I 
5*9 
)+ • . 
7 9 W 9 16 9 W 
6*9 
6 'n 
6+* 1 
W U 
18 + 4 
18*8 
6 U 
6 U 
6 U 

17*8 
7* 1 
5+4 
J* 

 ft 
5*9 
I* 

'♦..I J.'A* 
AS AA 
S a t ( 9% 
U 
9 
WIh oft 
W 
I 
I Na ti# Hi I 
I 

 t 
4 ' 
I 
>• a 
I* i : i- 
I U 
I U 

IF I 
I and. Br lu s ty 
1 2oa 
I ec I-tty m te c h I ap tee b it t w 
I c le f 't i 
46 fe te lle x 
J2t 
I et ilia 
I et tm co w t f «tit!t> y£n t f d U i f l i te r r ac 
8o 6 
U P I p l4 56 
I f x s la r Ole 8 le x ic o n A t 
I tit B a p 
4 
H it lim n ) 
I 'Owed tif f a n y ! 
Jo 
4 
II triple 
2 lo k lu " i i HO t lo * IF d p i 
W to p p s G u 2* 
7 t o r m C p 
8o 
I 
I u t a* P e t 
9 
11 o lP e t et 
I Ola* p l 
A i t own »C try tt a r t v l ox 
I • t o * 1 
Obi 
A 
I t V M I ' lo 
6 
I "C O 
We 
9 
I ohos6A It * 
I o*1 m 
AF 
6 
' UM*# I 
I 44 r 
I 441I a it 
I 

1*4 
U++ 
TO 

 to ; 
1 
1o 
8 
6 
4o 

6 
I t 

1*4 
I* 
13*4 l l ' 
TO 
TO 
I U 161 J W U 16 
J U 
I* # 
3+4 
4 '4 
8 
4 U 
8 
15 • 
J ' v 
6 a 
I' I 
IJ+4 
U U 

4 U 
8 
• 5*9 
W U 

;75 
56 we 
7 
I 
W 
IO is 
JU l l 

 f t 
6 
I' » i i 1 
U U1u 
W* 9 
I U 
• u 

I ’ 
6' 
I ' t 
13*4 
17 . 
56 

W *i 
J** 

HU MMU* 
5 
4*9 
A 
U U 
W 
» 
7 
I U l l ii* 4 

9I1*' 
HW* 
6* ii* 
6' 

I 
Att' 
16 
WU 
I J*# 
MW IS W U l f 

Io l*4 < i i 
U U 
Alh 

7 u 
J U 1 
WU 

I *8 
74 IU 

The Market In Brief 

MT S to rk h r h a n fc o Is a iip c ltnrsliy. March IO 
MARKET BAROMETER 

UPrn 

1 

■ 
DOWN 

% 6 

VOlUMt 
71 944 74o 

SH A R FS 

At a (.la n c e 
N E W 
SO R K 
(A P ) 
M a rk e ts a g la n c e T h u rs d a y 
New York Stock Exchange 
821 a d v a n c e s , 571 d e c lin e s 
AAost a c tiv e S ea rle G d 12*8 + I 
S ales: 18,62o.ooo 
In d e x 
54 7o • o 28 
B ottds 
$16,23o,ooo 
Am erican Stock Exchange 
786 a d v a n c e s , 276 d e c lin e s 
M o st a c tiv e K ew an ee In d 4 2 '? + ’ s 
Sales 
2.39o,ooo 
In d e x 
111 32 
o o6 
Bonds $1,76o,ooo 
Vi hat Stocks D ill 

ISSUES 
IRAOEO 

A d va n ce s 
D e clin e s 
U n cha n ge d 
T o ta l issues 
N e w 1976 7 7 h ig h s 
N e w 1976 77 lo w s 

P re v 
T o d a y d a y 
821 
433 
571 
995 
484 
45C 
1876 
1878 
36 
27 
8 
2+ 

NY SI Index 
517o ♦ o 28 
S & P Comp 
IOO 96 ♦ o 57 
Don tones Iud 
9(6 73 ♦ 3 83 j* 

Approximate New York Stock Sxles 
4 37o,ooo 

8 5 o . o o o 
1o.63o.ooo 
12.3oo.ooo 
16.64o.ooo 
18.62o.ooo 

Averages 
DOW JONES AV ER A G ES 
N e w Y o r M A P lE tn a l D o w Jones a v e ra g e s 
STOCKS 
O pen 
H ig h l o w C lose 
Chi 
JO m d 94o 99 
948 89 
938 oo 
IO T m 223 22 224 39 
222 2o 
IS U tl 1o6 63 
1o7 55 
1o5 99 
55Stk 3o7 83 
31o 2o 
3o6 6o 
Ind u s 
Ir a n 
U tils 
55 S tk 

BONOS 
AS Bonds 
IO P u b lic U tilitie s 
IO in d u s tria ls 
C o m m o d ity fu tu re s In d e x 

C ho 
946 73 ' 
J U 
223 56 + o 93 
1o6 88 
o 16 
3o9 17 * o 96 
1.375. SOO 
24o.8oo 
432,3oo 
2,o48,6oo 

9o 92 +-o o5 
96 26 * o o6 
85 58 + o o3 
421 42— 3 78 

STO CK A V E R A G E S 
C o m p ile d by The A s s o c ia te d P re ss 
3o 
IS 
IS 
6o 
In d 
R a jls U til. S to cks 
Net c n a n g e +2.5o 

4Y S E 
\ M E X 

T h u r 
P re v D a y 
W eek ago 
M o n th ago 
Y ea r ago 
1976 77 H ig h 
1976 77 L ow 
1975 H ig h 

479 I 
476 6 
48o 5 
477 8 
493 3 
499 3 
424 4 
456 o 
3159 

o SO 
2o5 8 
2o5 3 
2o6 2 
2o4 9 
178.1 
2o7 6 
149 3 
155 7 
131.6 

-o 2o 
+ 1 oC 
12o o 
325 f 
12o 2 
12o 3 
12o 9 
1o3 5 
124 o 
99 5 
1o3 7 
84 7 

324 f 
326 ! 
325 ' 
311 i 
334.C 
271 5 
286 4 
216 8 

Leaders 

PIV. 
Clo Net 
Ch* 

J8.I 
I 2oa 
3 
14 
14*4 
14 
14G + 
U 
JI PC p 
16 
JN A C p 
5 
13 
3 G 
3’ ? 
3 U 
35 
4 
2 U 
2 U 
2 U * 
' 8 
J V In d w t 
146 
A 
5 + 4 
5*8 + t/4 
J n im a x 
21 
137 
8’ b 
8 
8' ? + 
G 
J n io n In v 
79 
2 
5 
5 
5 
J n B ra n d w t 
148 
1? 7 16 
’ ? i I 16 
Jn Foods 
7 
I U 
1*8 
1*8 
JP seceO 
IO 
4 U 
4 U 
4 U 
J S B rp T r 
I 
S U 
B U 
B U • 
'» 
J S F ittr 
78 
9 363 
14U 
13*8 
14’ 1 * 
*8 
J i'R ltT 
83e 
13 
33 
8*8 
B U 
B U 
' 8 
J n R It T w t 
A 5 16 5 16 5 16 
J S N tR s 
5 
59 
4*4 
4 G 
4 + 4 + 
U 
JS R b R la 
8 
I 
14*8 
14*8 
14 + 8 
J n ite k 
3o 
13 
2 
32*4 
32*4 
32 +4 + 
'it 
J m ty B uy 
6 
74 
9*4 
9> ? 
9 ' ? - u 
Jn ivC o nt 
13 
3 
7 
1*8 
2 a 
'/* 
J n iv R s 
2oe 15 
4o 
15*8 
IS 
15+8 + 
*8 in v S a v 
18 
5 
9 
15’ ? 
15+4 
15' 7 A- u 

V a lm a c 
7o 
4 
V a ls p a r 
28 IO 
7 L D v C o2e veeco 
37a 6 
V e rm n tA .37 8 
V e rn itro n 
12 
V m ia g e E 
V ire o 
IO 
4 
V ish a y 
6 
V is u a lG r o5r 
6 
Vol M e r 
4 
V oplex 
72a 
5 
V ulcuC p 
2 
V u lc ln c 
5o 
4 

WTC Inc 
IO 12 
12 
A /U lln i 
8o 
8 
18 
W abasti 2Se 
7 
3o 
W a ckn ht 
IO 
7 
74 
W a in oco 
18 
27 
W a lla cS 7oe 9 
75 
Wlin g L b 
17 13x31 
W a n g L B 
22 12 x5 
W arriC p f o5 
5 
W a sP stB 36 8 
2 
W R IT 
I 76 15 
5 
W e im a n a 
I 
W e llco 
25 IO 
2 
W escoF 
86 
9 
2 
W e slC h P IO 8 
3 
W s tF in l 
15,' 
5 
31 
W h ita k e r 4o 
5 
7 
W h ite h a ll 
I a 
W h itte k r w t 
18 
W ic h ita 
13 
64 
W m ho u s 36 
8 
26 
W ilson B r X 5 
3 
W in s tn M 
9 
5 
W is p pf 4 so z io 
W o H H B 
34 
2 
W ood Ind 
8 
W ore Ste 
77 
3 
W ra th e r 
o5e 13 
IO 
W n g h tH 
17 
5615 16 
W y ln L o b 28 
7 
2o4 
7’ « 
W y n n ln .3o 
5 
9 IO U 
W v m B n 
56 8 
5 U U 

X - Y - Z 

Xom cs 
12 
SI U s , 

A M E X S A L E S 
A p p ro x (m a l to ta l 
Stock sa les ye ar ago a p p ro x fin a l bond 
Blond sa le s y e a r ago 
* 
- 

 n u s 
2 U 
14 
72' i 
7’ b 
2' ? 
6+x 
3 'a 
7 G 
2 U 
U U 
4 
9*4 

\N 

3 U 
25 
I I G 
J U 
7 U 
5’ a 
17*8 
W U 
5 
27' j 
241 4 
J U 
4+8 
TOU 
8U 
7 U 
5*8 
2*4 
7 16 
4 U 
7*4 
4 U 
7 
53' 4 
2+8 
3*8 
7+4 
5 

 n u 
5 
2 U 
U U 
22' 4 
7*8 
2*« 
6+8 
3' 8 
2*4 
2'8 
W U 
4 
9*4 

3 U 
74' ? 
11+8 
7' 4 
7 la 
5' 8 
U U 
16 
5 
22U 
74' 4 
TU 
4*8 
19*8 
SU 
7 
5 + 4 
2’ a 

 l l ' i * 
5 
2 'e 
1 3'a - 
27’ ? * 
7’ ? - 
2’ ? . 
6 U 
3 U 
2 + 4 * 
2 U 
14' J— 
A 
9 * 4— 

3' 8 
74' ? * 
11+4 » 
T U ­ 
T U * 
5 U 
17*8 * 
W U * 
5 
♦ 
22' 4 * 
24' 4 
J U 
4*8 
19’ e 
BU 
7 U 
5*8 ♦ 
2+ 4 

4+8 
7' 7 
AU 
2 
53' 4 
J U 
3 U 
7 * 4 
5 

4*8+ 
S 
7' ?— U 
4 U — U 
2 
U 
5 3 U - U 
I U 
. 
3 U 
U 
7*4 
5 
IS 16 
I lf 
6*8 
7 U * 
G 
O' ? 
IO U 
J U 
U U * 
G 

2 39o oo) 
3,6o1.o11 
51 26o OOI 
S I.J U OOI 

 l*hiladcl|»hia 

( 
P o t i o n s 

O ptio n & p ric e 
A pr 
Jut 
O ct 
Close 
A ild C 
IO 
S' a a a 
45 
Aliet C 
IS l l 16 
2 
J 
45 
A dd C 
5o a a 
IG 
45 
A ltisC 
2o a 
/ + • 
T U 
77 
AII'SC 
25 
2 
2 + 4 
3' 4 
27 
AII'SC 
JO 
3 16 
’ • 
I U 
27 
Ash I O 
IS a 
I U 
1*4 
34 
B ra n d to 
5 16 l l 16 l l 16 
9 Lr 
B ra n d 
IS a a 
J W 
9 + 4 
C iv In 
IO 
3 1 8 
3+4 a 
13’ . 
C ly In 
IS 
' X 
' ? 
+4 
U U 
C lo ro * 
IO 
I U a 
1*4 l l 
C lo ro k 
IS 
I 16 
' a a l l 
Com sa l 
3o 
5 
5*8 
6 ' 4 
33 
C om sa! 
35 
1*8 77 16 
3*4 
35 
C o n i O 
35 
• j 
17 16 a 
3 4'4 
C o ni O 
4o 
I 16 
•4 
U 
33*. 
D rc s s r 
35 
J' ? a b 
37*4 
D ru s s r 
4o a 
I U 
2*8 
37*? 
D ux P w 
TO a 
I U a 
TO’ . 
F a s Os 
Ti 
I G 
7 a 
2S*( 
Fa-, C s 
3o 
I 16 a 
+4 
2 5*i f-n g l M 
35 a 
I U 
2 
34*1 
G A F 
IO a 
TS 16 
2’ ? 
H U 
G A F 
IS a a 
5 16 
U U 
G enPac 
3 4'x a a 
1+4 
32*. 
G e o P a c 
35 
3 16 l l 16 
U 16 
32+r 
G en Pac 
39' 4 a 
3 16 a 
37*. 
G eoP ac 
4o a a 
' 4 
32+i 
H o w Jn to a 
IS 16 
13 16 
IO U 
H ow Jn 
IS a 
'ft 
11 
IO U 
S cot P 
2o 
7 16 
I ] 16 
13 16 
19 vr f e ld y n 
53 + 8 
A U 
S U 
9*« 
5»*i 
T eldyn 
55 b 
6+4 
B U 
59*. 
I e ld y n 
SSG 
2*4 
S 
A U 
59* r 
I e ld y n 
AO b 
4G s u 
59*i f e ld y n 
68 
3 W 
IS 16 
T U 
59*i 
Told vn 
7o b 
I U 
1+4 
SVG t e ld y n 
77’ , 
' 8 b b 
5 9*i 
V a F P 
15 
' a a 
+k l4 + i 
TV st U " 
2o 
'ft 
5 16 
'» 
I I G 

A lib i L 
M a y 
A ^ ? 
N ev 
45 IS 16 
J U 
44 
A b b ! L 
SO 
3 16 
G a 
44 
A Mess 
TO a 
I t b 
31 
A HeSS 
75 
A • 
A U b 
31 
A Mess 
JO 
T U 
J U 
3*8 
31 
A Mess 
35 
17 16111 16 
31 
Bots C 
TS 
7 a a 
32 
Hoe. C w 
TU a a 
37 
Bots C 
35 a a 
I'? 
37 
F irs tn 
Ti a 
5 16 a 
T IU 
I'ICICO 
IS 
5 G 
5+4 
6*8 
TO1 . 
• "e x to 
TO 73 16 
J U 
3*4 
2 o '. tn e * c o t i 
' ? l l 16 
I U 
2o*. tov 
4o 
3+4 a a 
43*. toy 
IS 
I U 
I G 
3 
13*. 
Joy 
SO f 4 b b 
43'? 
L a l e d 
Ti 
I U 
4 
4+ft 
TR 
L .i I u d 
JO 
9 16 l l 16 
17 16 
TR 
M a r tot 
IO 
I U 
1/ 16 
1+4 
Io ‘ > 
M a r tot 
IS 
' • 
5 16 
+8 
IO*. 
Mc O er 
45 
4 G 
6 
7 
»8 *t 
Mc D e r 
5o 
1*4 
3 
46ft 
48*1 
NL 
In d 
. 
25 a a 
I 
J J U 
P P G 
SO 
J U 
5 U a 
54 
M P G 
I 
2' ? 
J+» 
54 
Mf IS i" 
JO 
4 4 
4*4 a 
33*' 
M tlS ln 
J4 G 
I U 
7 b 
J 3 ‘ * 
P l Is in 
35 
I 
I* ? 
V t 
33*> l+ tts fn 
J9 U 
' X a b n ' t 
P fls tn 
4o 
I 16 
7 16 
I ] 16 
33 t bun Co 
4o 
*' 4 
5 ' 4 b 
44' . bun Co 
4$ t u t u w 
TU 
44 
S o " Co 
SO 
+ft i i 
I 
44 
T m sam 
IO a 
4 '• a 
14 
I ro s a rn 
IS 
14 
9 16 
+• 
14 
U " Pac 
SO 
I G 
7+4 a 
5o' 1 
\6rtwr lh 
TO 
VG a 
TSM 
Vl/lw cfh 
Ti l l 16 
I G 
21 W as 1 
Total v o lu m c 6,417 
O pen in te re s t 
24o IOt a N o t 'ra d e tt I? N o o p tio n o tte re d 

Koreign Exchange 

N E W Y O R K 'A P ) 
F o re ig n fc x c h a n y t 
N e w Y o rk p ric e s 
E m 

A rg tm tm u 
A u s tfd h a 
A u s tria 
B e lg iu m 
B ra z il 
B rita in ffid a y lu t 
6 o d a ytu t to d a y tu t 
C a na da 
Cfi de 
C p io " i q>a 
D « iftia r k 
E g y p t 
(U d d o r 
F lance* 
C re e l i 
H o lla n d 
H o n g K o n y ira n i v act 
Ita ly 
Japan m r d a n 
K u w a it 
I • •ba non 
M e x ic o 
N o rw a y 
P e ru 
P h ilip p in e s 
P o rtu g a l b a u d 'A f a b 
So 
A ttic a 
Spa »' 
Sweden b w *tz e ila « d id ) a? tut 
6 o d a ,tu t 
’Amay tut 
U ru g u a y 
V a n e /o c 'a 
W G c r '" a n y lld a y tu t 
•c t a . t u ' 
W p a v ln t 

 c u rre n c y in d o tte rs 
Tho 
W ed 
oo31o5 oo3144 
I 1o25 I IoJO 
o581 
o587 
o271 
o271 
o77o 
o77o 
I 7171 I 7187 
I TOTT I 7o75 
I 6V77 I 6974 
I 688* I 6864 
945o 
9521 
o562 
o567 
o285 
o285 
1699 
1698 
I 56 
I 56 
o4oo 
o4oo 
2oo3 
JOO* 
o7/5 
o275 
4CKM 
4biz 
7165 
7W3 
o14oo o14oo 
1o95 
1o95 
(Ai' I if J OUI I JO 
oo3546 oo3545 
JJ 
JI 
J463 
3464 
327 3 
3795 
o44 ) 
o441 
1898 
1897 
O U / 
O U / 
1352 
IJ S ! 
o258 
o258 
2879 
2829 
I 1575 I 1525 
o145 
o145 
7367 
2367 
39o6 
39o3 
3913 
39o9 
3921 
3917 
1929 
J926 
7+81 
7 JOI 
7 WB 
2378 
4171 
4168 
4175 
4169 
4U 7 
4171 
418o 
4174 

D o tie r in t m c u rre n c y 
Thu 
W ed. 
322 oo 318 OC 
VOTO 
9o66 
UQo 
17 o3 
36 TS 
36 IT 
12 98 
U V U 
5173 
5818 
5857 
5856 
5897 
5891 
5992 
5929 
1 o587 I o53o 
17 77 
17 77 
IS o8 
IS OS 
5 8835 3 8872 
641o 
641o 
75 oo 
25 oo 
A 79o8 4 9813 
36 36 
36 36 
7 4V75 2 4985 
4 6 U 5 4 672o 
71 TO 
71 IO 
9 12/9 9 1279 
MW 55 884 5o 
782 OO 282 25 
J o3oo 3 a m 
2 888o J 887Q 
3o6oo 3 OMO 
72 65 
22 65 
5 268o 5 77o3 
72 64 
72 64 
/ J964 7 J964 i i TO 
38 7o 
3 5347 3 5)47 
8676 
8676 
68 BU 
68 A) 
4 2738 4 2245 
7 56oo J 562o 
1 5555 2 55*1 
2 55o3 2 55 79 
2 5451 2 547h 
4 1999 4 IWV 
4 2955 A 2955 
7 1958 2 3988 
2 393 7 J 3986 
7 394o i mts i x i i i r n ; 

S ea rle G D 
K re s g c SS 
In m o n f Cp 
P a tric k F»et' 
P ubS vc Col 
E x x o n 
Dcc i den Pet 
Coca C ola 
A n T e l8.Tel 
R a ls tn P u r 
G u ll O il 
M a rr io tt 
JR e v e re Cop 
Cont O il 
T e xaco Inc 

V O L U M E S T A T IS T IC S 
A d v a n c e d 
D e c lin e d 
. 
- 
1o,972,9Joshares 4,9o4,98oshares ” 75 L ow 
1 ,1 8 8 .2 7 o s h a re s 733 9 7 o s h a re s 
B O N D A V E R A G E S 
I 
C o m p ile d by The A s s o c ia te d P ress 
' 
2o 
IO 
IO 
IO 
IO 
„ Ul R a ils 
In d U lt! 
E o n 
I. vd . u id 
+ o .1 o , 
(Tao uncn u n c h 
— 
T h u r 
53 7 
84 4 
94.9 
1o2 2 
83 2 
P re y D a y 53 6 
84 6 
94 9 
1o2 2 
83 3 
W eek ago 
53 6 
84 6 
94 6 
1o1 6 
83.3 
Afton th ago 53 7 
85 2 
94 8 
94 2 
83.3 
Y e a r ago 
5o 2 
78 7 
9o 3 
IO L I 
84.4 
1976 /7 LOW48 4 
75 6 
8 6 7 
9 4 o 
” 75 H ig h 
49 2 
76 9 
86 8 
1oo 5 
” 75 L o w 
46 1 
71 8 
81 9 
99 4 

N E W Y O R K (A P ) 
S ales, 4 p .m . p ric e and n e t c h a n g e c f th e fifte e n m o s t a c tiv e 
N e w 
Y o rk 
S tock 
E x c h a n g e issues. tra d in g n a tio n a lly a t m o re th a n $1 
348.7oo 
261,6oo 
231.7oo 
7o8.1oo 
2o4.ooo 
198,8oo 
187,9oo 
181,2oo 
177.3oo 
172,4oo 
171.3oo 
166.1oo 
164,6oo 
162,5oo 
159,8oo 

12* « • 
I 
3 3'a * 
*8 
22'? + IU 
15*4 
18' e 
'a 
5 2 U + 
1 
25’ b + 
*'4 
75*8 * 3G 
62' ? 
' • 
IS G I 
+1 
29G + 
'n 
1o*8 
1/4 
W W E I ' ? 
33*4 
1 j 
28 
♦ 
*8 

N E W Y O R K (A P ) 
Sales a p m p ric e m d net c h a n g e o f the ten m o st a c tiv e 
A m e ric a n 
S to ck 
E x c h a n g e issues tra d in g n a tio n a lly a t m o re tha n $1 
K ew an ee 
In 
G‘*nl E x p lo r . 
HnuO ilAn 
S, n te x C o rp 
A s a m e ra O 
F ilm w a y s 
G 'B a s Pet 
H u s k y O il 
K a is e r 
Ind 
US F ilte r 

84.4oo 
78.ooo 
77.1oo 
69.3oo 
63.4oo 
56.7oo 
55.1oo 
41.1oo 
38 2oo 
36.3oo 

42' 7 + ' 8 
IO U * 
47+4 +I+8 t a u 
H W — 
11*8 * H r 
6*8 
24' s 
15 * e 
I 4 U - J* lip s am 
N E W Y O R K (A P ) 
The fo llo w in g lis t 
.ho w s th e N e w 
Y o rk 
S tock 
E x c h a n g t stacks rind w a rra n ts th a t h a v e gone up the m o st a nd d ow n th e m o s t based on p e rc e n t o f c h a n g e re g a rd le s s o f v o lu m e to r T h u rs d a y 
No s e c u ritie s tra d in g b e lo w $2 a re in c! uded 
N et a nd p e rc e n ta q e c h a n g e s a re th c d iffe re n c e b etw e en the p re v io u s c lo s in g p ric e a n d to d a y 's 4 p m p ric e 

767 
76 5 
69 4 

, . 
Chg 
112 o o * o 7 o 
13 98 * o o7 
52 22 
o o8 
11.6o+o.o5 
1oo.67* o 57 

S TAN DARD A N D POOR 
• N E W Y O R K 
(A P ) 
S ta n d a rd a nd 
’ o o r's c lo s in g 5oo S tock Ind e x to r T h urs la y 
H ig h 
L o w 
Close 
IOO In d u s t 
112 3o 
11o 62 
2o T ra n s 
14 o3 
13 88 
IO U tils 
52 54 
51 88 
4o F in a n c ia l l l 63 l l 48 
>oo S lo cks 
1oo 96 
99 49 
NEW YORK AVERAGES 
N E W Y O R K (A P ) 
C lo sin g N e w Y o rk 
.lo ck E x c h a n g e In d e x . 
A a rk e t 
F U c e n ts 
"d e x 
54 7o 
»o 28 n d u s tria l 
59 61 
* o 39 tra n s p o rta tio n 
4o 34 
‘ o 23 b ilif y 
4o 18 
o o5 
•nance 
54 V7 
* o 24 
A M E R IC A N AVERAGES 
N E W Y O R K 
(A P ) 
A m e ric a n S tock ix c h a n g e Ind e x fiq h 
L o w 
Close 
Chi l l 42 
H I 16 
111 32 
Chg 
-o o6 
Dow us 

N a m e 
U S R lty Inv 
M ac A n d F o 
S u c re s ! 
R e v e re Cop 
S ta le v M tg 
S ea rle G D 
V a n an Asso 
C la rk Od 
O ak In d I 75p 
O ak tn d 
GI A ll Pac 
H o lly Sog 
S kit C o rp 
A petO C o rp 
J u s tic e M fg 
B o rm a n 
Say in B M c h 
H u nt C hem 
O ra n a e co 
P in t P erter 
Su fro M ig 
F o od F a ir 
N a t in d u s t 
W aste ftftgnt 
R ow an 

N a m e 
Z a p a ta C p pf 
C o n tlllR ity 
H e lle r In t pf 
C a bo tC d b F 
M fg* T r 
A m 
K C P L 4 3bpt 
B o d g e ap p f 
G iffo rd H ill 
N a t H om es 
A ft co ftftfg 
E st P a M ig 
F a lc o n N at 
+♦*■ I en C u rt A 
B al IG E p tB 
H a w a ii E te r 
C a rlin g O KU 
O r n G n t p l 
M ille n bend 
F+uritn Fash 
Un Tei 
I supt 
C o m w lth O il 
R e p u b lic 
Cp 
Telex C orp 
S y s tro n Don 
A p p td M a n 

U P S 
L ast 
Chg 
P ct 
4 
+ 
’ • 
Up 
IR 
VU 
* 
IU 
Up l i t 
IO U 
+ 
I U 
Up l l 
IA U 
* 
I ' ? 
Up 
IO I 
72 
■*- 
1*8 
Up 
9 ; 
12+8 
A 
I 
Up 
8 
18*8 
A 
I G 
Up 
H 
19*8 
A 
1*8 
Up 
7 ; t 
32'? 
+ 
2 U 
Up 
7 / 
IS 
+ 
I up 
7 I 
H U 
♦ 
*4 
Up 
A1 
31 
A 
7 
Up 
6 5 
U U 
A 
*8 
UP 
A 5 
7 
A u 
Up 
6 
2 
A 
'ft 
Up 
6 7 
4 U 
A u 
Up 
A 5 
TOG 
A 
I U 
Up 
A 
14*8 
A 
*8 
Up 
6 3 
8+8 
A 
' ? 
Up 
A 3 
” ’ » 
A 
I U 
U p 
AC 
6*4 
A 
* X 
Up 
5 9 
7 
A 
+ ■ 
Up 
5 7 
7 
A- 
G 
Up 
5 7 
U U 
A- 
*4 
Up 
5 6 
16*4 
A 
*8 
U p 
5 5 
D O W N S 
L ast 
Chg 
P ct t v * 
S U 
O ff 
IO 7 
V t 
' 4 
O ff 
IOO 
HT 
9 
O ff 
9 9 
T U 
' 4 
O ff 
8 I 
J U 
' 4 
O ff 
A 5 
53'? 
3 '? 
O ff 
A I 
AU 
+» 
O ff 
5 7 
U U 
G 
O ff 
5 6 
4 U 
' . 
O ff 
5 I 
2*8 
' a 
O ff 
5 o 
7+8 
1 a 
O ff 
5 o 
4*8 
14 
O ft 
4 9 
5 
U 
O ff 
4 8 
54 
2’ x 
O II 
4 6 
73U 
I ' 8 
O ff 
4 6 
7 U u 
O ff 
4 5 
76'? 
I U 
O ff 
4 5 
T IU 
I 
O ft 
4 5 
T U 
' X 
O ff 
4 5 
26’ b 
I U 
O ff 
4 S 
SU 
I x 
O ff 
4 3 
8*8 
*8 
O ff 
4 3 
2 * 4 
' 8 
O ff 
4 3 
5*8 
' 4 
O ff 
4 I 
3 
' I 
O ft 
4 o 

NEW YORK 
N F W Y O R K (A P ) 
The fo llo w in g is a 
• st o f th e m o s t a c tiv e s to c k s based on he d o lla r v o lu m e fo r T h u rs d a y 
The to ta l is based on th e m e d ia n p ric e 
>f the s to c k tra d e d m u ltip lie d b y th e m a re s tra d e d 
N a m e 
T o t($ lo o o i S a le s (h d s )L a s f 
•B M 
$4o,187 
1427 284 
-O caC ol 
$13,567x1817 
75*8 f T T 
$11,125 
1773 6 2 '. 
T x x o n 
$1o.2*7 
1988 57U 
B n o s C o 
$9,251 
1336 
7o** 
K re s g e S 
$8 632 
7616 33+* ra s K d 
58,2o1 
1112 73U 
G nM ot 
$7,411 
1o42 71U 
Cont O il 
$5,484 
1625 33+x 
.'rtO K I 
$5 183 
1272 41 

N E W Y O R K (A P ) 
The fo llo w in g lis t 
.how s th e 
A m e ric a n 
S tock 
E x c h a n g e 
•toe ks a n d w a rra n ts th a t h a v e gone up he m o s t and (tow n th e m o s t based on 
>ercent o f c h a n g e re g a rd le s s o f v o lu m e or T h u rs d a y 
No s e c u ritie s tra d in g tje lo w $2 a re in c ! 
/cled 
N et and p e rc e n ta q e c h a n g e s a re th e ti d e fe n c e b e tw e e n the p re v io u s c lo s in g jr ic e a n d to d a y 's l p m p ric e . 
UP S 

A M E R IC A N 
N F W Y O R K ( A P ' 
The fo llo w in g is a is l o f the n lost a c tiv e stocks based on hi d o lla r v o lu m e tor T h u rs d a y 
The to ta l is based on the m e d ia n p ric e 
>f the s to c k tra d e d m u ltip lie d b y th e h a re s tra d e d 
N a m e 
Tot(SiOOO) S a ie s (h d s )L a s t 
-to u O IM 
$3 633 
TTI 
ATU 
K ew an ee 
$3,565 
844 47' ? iy n te x 
$1,375 
693 U U 
H u skyO 
$981 
411 24U 
CK P et 
$94* 
274 34G 
GenE xp 
$8o9 
TSO IO' ? 
A s a m e ra 
$744 
634 H U 
SCS d p t 
$625 
6o 1o4U 
K a ts rln d 
$611 
J82 U U 
F ± , , , *9JL- 
$6o9 
567 l l 

N a m e 
L a s t 
Chg 
P ct 
A m M a i/e B 
IOU 
4 
I ' ? 
Up 
17.4 
Arn M a t z e A 
IO 
4 
IU 
Up 
14 J 
C a p ita l Res 
3 
* 
G 
Up 
14 J 
Un C o nta in 
2 
A 
I x 
Up 
14 J 
F ilm w a y s 
11 G 
♦ 
1 + 8 
Up 
13 8 
B ro d y Seat 
7' ? 
+ 
G 
Up l l I 
R e a d in g tnd 
V 1 
A 
G 
Up l l I 
M ic h S ug a r 
IT G 
* 
IU 
Up l l o 
T h re e O D c t 
3*8 
* 
G 
Up 
IO 7 
A SP RO 
17U 
* 
Up 
IO 7 
V is u a lG r 
7*4 
Up 
IO o 
W ic h ita In d 
IU 
* 
*8 
Up 
8 8 
O okipp 
3V 
* 
3 
Up 
8 3 
Swesl G F in 
4 ’ l 
+ 
+8 
Up 
8 J 
Bodm App 
5 
• 
*8 
Up 
8 I 
U n im a x G rp 
8’ ? 
* 
G 
Up 
7 9 
L n g ic o n ln c 
17*8 
V U i 
G 
Up 
7 6 
S ilo Inc 
‘ 
U 
Up 
7 4 to n ic s Inc 
W G 
+ 
I U 
Up 
7 I 
B u tte r In t l l ' ? 
A 
*-4 
Up 
7 o 
P a n la s p te 
5 + 4 
A 
A . 
Up 
7 o 
P r a t' R e ad 
6 
* 
+8 
Up 
6 7 
Cast lo in Ind 
2' a 
I 
I* 
Up 
6 J 
L e is u r Tee 
7U 
* 
' a 
Up 
6 J 
S h u lm n T r E 
TU 
D O W N S 
A 
' 8 
Up 
6 3 

N a m e 
L a s t 
Chg 
P ct 
M ere a n t Iud 
7 
— t/4 
O d l l I 
T id w e ll In d 
V t 
— 
I X 
O d 
IO 5 
A n g lo C o L td 
T U 
— 
14 
O d 
8 7 
E t/ L a v u d 
7+4 
G 
O f* 
8 3 
B urge ss In d 
T U 
1 x 
Of* 
8 o 
Cohu Inc 
T U 
_ l 4 
O ff 
8 o 
D y n a te c f Cp 
A' ? 
+8 
O ff 
7 7 
W ood In d 
3 ? 
—. tfc 
O ff 
A 7 
A lco la c Inc 
5+8 u 
O ff 
6 J 
K le e r V u 
In 
3+4 
' 4 
O ff 
6 3 
A lfe rm n F d 
H G bx 
O d 
6 I 
S utiC dy 
In d 
J U 
1 4 
O d 
A I 
A lb a 
W a ld " 
7 
' 8 
Of* 
5 9 
B ro w n Co WI 
2 
— 
I ft 
O ff 
5 9 
S he lle r 
Rte, 
7 
' ll 
O d 
5 9 
W in s !" 
M ill 
2 
' ft 
O d 
5 9 
Spl cm tex m c 
6' x 
*8 
O d i 8 
A l'a m il Cp 
A U 
O d 
5 7 
Total PH w t 
T U u 
O d 
5 6 
Std M e ta ls 
4 G 
' 4 
O d 
S i 
In v o lv e rs B 
41 , 
— 
1,4 
O d 
5 3 
T ra n s I ux 
2 U 
' b 
O f* 
5 3 
A s a m e ra O 
11+8 
— 
V, 
O d 
5.1 
C om pu D y n 
T U 
I 4 
O d 
SO 
F rtm -'S r o m a<i«*ru 

?*» 
' 8 
O d c o 

Bank, Trust, Insurance Stocks 

N E W Y O R K (A P ) 
The fo llo w in g b id a nd a s k e d q u o ta lio n s , s u p p lie d b y th e N a tio n a l A ssoc! a tio n o f 
S e c u ritie s 
D e a le rs 
In c . a re n o t a c tu a l tra n s a c b o n s b u l a re re p re s e n ta tlv e in te r d e a le r p ric e s as of a p p ro x im a te ly 
33o p m .,a i w h ic h the se s e c u ritie s c o u ld h a v e been p u r chased a sked ck sold b id 
In te r d e a le r m a rk e ts ch a n g e th ro u g h o u t the d a y P ric e s do n ot in c lu d e re ta il m a rk u p , m a rk d o w n o r c o n i m is s io n 
S tock 
B id 
A sk 
A tfil Boc 
16 
17 
A la B ncp 
A lt B ile s " 
A B T Pa 
A F ie f ct' 
A S I F la 
A SL U fa 
A m e r Sec 
A r i/ B nk 
A tln t Bcp 
B anc C H 
Banc Pon 
Banc Pop 
B a n O hio 
Banc O k I 
Bncsh N J 

2 3 ', 24' 
3o+(i 3o*8 
18' ? 19' ? 
U 
U U 
24’ 4 25'.. 
U U 15** 
42 G 4 3'? 
13U 14 
H U 12' 4 
S U 
A U 
” 
TOU 
19 
TO 
18 
19 
15*4 16*4 
23+4 25+4 
Bk D e la w 26' ? 78' ? 
B k r TrSC 
B ksof la 
B a rn ! B k 
Bass F in t 
B a y B n k 
Boat fin e 
CBT Cp 
C a lif F s t 
C ent C inn 
Cen Sou 
C enB k Sy 
C ene BT 
Cent R ic h 
Cen Penn 
C e n tra " 
C e n tr B ks 
C it/S o Cp 
C ifS th Ga 
C it/n F id 
C ity N a tl 
C le v T rs 
Col B ncp 
Colo N a! 
Com Bnc 
C om T N J 
C onnF Sv 
C o ng Bpt 
Con N o rr 
C utten Bk 

16' ? 17' 
22' ? 24 
16*a 16's 
7+4 
7*4 
27'a 78 
28 
29 
33 
35 
12*8 13+s 
74- , TSU 
M U 14*8 
IO’ i IO G 
18*4 19U 
U U 18 
13 
27 
6 U 
17 
7 U 
33' 4 

I? 
26’ 
5+4 
16 
6J4 
3 2 '.i 
2 7'? 24 
4 7 *. 48 G 
18 
19' ? 
IS1 ? IA U 
7 4'? 25’ ? 
18 'n 18*e 
9*8 IO U 
15'. 16+4 
24'.. 2 5'It 
U U 16U 
D i p G u a r 73*4 24*4 
D e l B k Cp 
47 U 48 
D om Bks 
1 4*. 15' 
E q u t B op 
U U 16' 
T a u t S i t 
13' ? 14 

E x c h B cp 
IO 
IO '? 
N a tl Ga 
U G 
U G 
F id e lc r I 
24' ? 25' ii 
N af Cent 
16' ? IS 
F id e l A B 
16' ? 17' ? 
N C ity Cp 
42 
4 2 *. 
F ifth Thi 
28' ? 2V 7 
N Com N J 
TV ? 
JOG 
F s tM e rc 
IV ‘ 4 2o' ? 
NSB E li/ 
V U 
IO U 
F t A ta B k 
23 
24 
N e v SILL 
8+8 
V U 
F tA m T n 
V G IO U 
N E MBOS 
18U 
U U 
F tB n O h 
26 
27 
N J e r NC 
24' 4 25'4 
F t Bn A la 
12*4 
U U 
N oes! Bn 
26 
TV 7 
F tB k F la 
6 
A U 
N C al SL 
13*4 
H G 
F t Bk Sys 
F tB kS C 
3V ? 4oU 
N rw s t O h 
45' a 47U 
74' 7 25’ ? 
N o rtr Chi 
39 
39*4 
F tC m B k 
14'.1 
14*4 
O ld N a tB 
77'4 
78 
F t Conn 
TV 1 24 
O ld S tn CD 16*. 
17*4 
F tE m p S t 
SU 
SU 
P an A Bn 
7G 
7*4 
F tF n R a 
5+8 
AU 
P h ila N a t 
31*8 32*8 
F tH a w a i 
23' t 
24U 
P ittN B 
3 8 *. 
39' ? 
F tlllC p 
F tJ e rN t 
13 
13’ ? 
P ro v Na* 
71' 1 2 7 '. 
13*. 
U U 
P ro v N p l 
22 
74 
F tK v N a t 
TV ?28' ? 
P a in r Bn 
77'? 
73 
F tL in c Fn 
5' 8 
5+8 
R ig g W sh 
32 
3 2*. 
F tM a rin 
J 
4*11 
Seat irs ! 
33 + 4 34' ? 
FfM cf Bn 
23' i 
24 
Sec N Y S 
15 
15+4 
F s tN B c p 
TV ?79> ? 
Sec Pac 
77G 
27*. 
F tN B n c s 
IV ., TOU 
S haw Cp 
78 
29 
F s tN Cinn 
3o * 431*4 
S ociety 
S oC arN t 
34 
35 
F tN M G " 
71 
71*4 
18 
IV 
F s tN H Bk 
1 5 '. 
16 + 4 
S oetB k p l 
8 
V U 
F s tO k la B 
8' ? 
9 
Soest P a 
77 
29 
FtSeC SL 
42' ? 43’ ? 
Sta St Bos 
26’ ? TV 7 
Est T e n " 
8 '? 
9 
S ub u r Be 
18*8 
18*8 
F st Tex F 
U U 
15’ a 
Sum i to 
IS 
16 
F st Un Bn 
JOU 
31' 4 
S unB F la 
IO 
1o*8 
F s fU n C p 
12U17+. 
Tenn V a il 
14*8 
IS G 
F s tU Bnc 
IA U 
17 
T x A m Bn 
24+ix 25' ? 
F fW n F n 
7 + 4 
3 
T b rd Na* 
23+8 23*8 
F la g B ks 
AU 
6*4 
T ru s t Ga 
24 
Ti 
F ie Com 
I I G 
U U 
Un N P itt 
TO’ 
TTU 
F la N F la 
17*8 
17*4 
U n T r Bnc 
TO 
21' ? 
G nO h SL 
6*8 
T U 
U n B k N Y 
71 + 4 TV 7 
G ira rd 
43' ? 44' ? 
U n B k Col 
19*4 TOU 
G rtr J rs y 
H a rd NC 
U G n u 
U n C a ro B 
16 
17' ? 
U U 
14*4 
U n M o B 
TOG 
21G 
M a w Bnc 
I 7vb U G 
US B n c rp 
UST N Y 
78'« 
THU 
H a w k Bn 
13*4 
14’ .1 
23’ 7 74' ? 
H a w th F 
12*8 
U G 
UT tai Be 
5' 8 
5*8 
H e rd Bnc 
13 
13’ ? 
U V a Bks 
18*4 
U U 
'H o n / Btl 
H o spit Y r 
IO' 7 H U 
V a il B ncp 22 
23' 7 
Ti 
77 
V a l A r i/ 
IS G 
18*8 
H u n tg Bn 
28’ 7 TV ? 
V a N B nk 
IV 
TO 
Ida h o F N 
39 
41 
W ilm T r 
4o’ ? 42’ ? le d Bksh 
23 
74' ? 
W o rc e Bn 
8' ? 
V ? 
In d N at 
9*8 
V U 
S tock 
B id 
A sk 
In d V a Ph 
25 
76 
A m B Ins 
4*8 
5 U 
H T C O 
23 
74' ? 
A n iB L f 
5*8 
6+8 
L n d B ts h 
12' ? U 
A m F id L 
AG 
7G 
L "c !B F la 
5 + 4 
6' 4 
A m F d rs 
15*4 
16+4 
L mc Is l 
22 
22*4 
A G u a m 
3' ? 
4 
L in Is l p f 
IT '. 
13 
A H e r it ag 
9+8)o' 8 
M trB L A 
IO 
IO’ ? 
A m in e L l 
12 
U + 4 
M frs N Cp 
M a rn e Cp 
31*4 
32' ? 
A in t G rp 
A in t R em 
41 
47 
32'? 
34 
JOG 
32 
M a rs h Its 
36 
37' ? 
A N r in i 
IO' ? 1o*8 
M a ry N a t 
IV 
19+4 
A m R em s 
2 7*. 
23'4 
M e lo n N I! 
55 
55 
A m Resv 
SU 
5 G 
M e r B ncp 
3o' 4 3o+4 
Asse M a d 
3 
2 ,J 
M e n Bk u u 
13*8 
B k Sec I t 
1o + 8 1o*8 
M ere pf 
41' ? 43' ? 
B e n ts ! A 
7 + 4 
8' ? 
M ere Tex 
TAU 
77' u 
Bent St B 
8 
8+ 4 
M e re SL 
6 
I 
B M A 
17' 4 
17*4 
M ic h N II 
3 o '. 
31*4 
Content 
7*8 
8 '. 
M id i n dB 
IV ? 71' ? 
O 'o b b Cp 
35' 4 3 5*. 
M id i B ks 
23 
24 to a s t I St 
5+4 
6' ft 
M id ln t ill 
2 3 '. 
74’ 4 
C o lle ge U 
IO' ? H U 
NC N H Cd 
H U l l ' 
Colon L A 
9*8 
1o+8 

C o m b In s 
C onn G en 
C rit Ins 
D u rh L ie 
E R C t o 
E m p F ire 
E m p G en 
E m pl Cas 25 
E q u t G en 
15 
E q tL Iw a E H 
F a rm G r 
F rm N W 
F id e l V a f id U n L f 
Est AF in 
F st C olon 
F st E xec 
F ra n k L f 
G 
R einsu 
G W ash 
G lo be L f 
G ov F m p 
Gov E l w t 
G o v E m L 
O 'S o Cp 
H a m ! tn t 
H anov In 
H a rt St B 
H o m e Be 
Iud L A A 
In d ia n O r in te r tn t 
Jet IN L l 
K a n e L ie 
K e m p e r 
K yC cn L f 
L ib N t L l 
L ife ln Ga 
L ife In v 

IS1 ? 15+4 
4 8 *. 4 9 '. 
18*4 19*4 
28 
29 
2 5 '. 26' 4 
9 
9 '? 
I U 
2 
26' ? 
16*? 
18U 18** 
22 
22U 
3 6'? 3 8 '? 
3+s 
3’ b 
22’ / 23 
U U U U 
U U 16+4 
2 
2’ ? 
22*4 2 3'8 
159163 
I ' ? 
I G 
16 
S'? 
+» 
H U 
19' ? 
3*4 
2o 
44’ 4 
32' ? 
14 
27'n 73+11 
9 G IO 
12+4 13*4 
38 
39 
31 
31*4 
7*4 
8 U 
2 3U 23*b 
TOU 2o*8 
6*8 
7+8 

16’ ? 
5*8 
*8 
H G 
2o 
4’ 8 
2o’ ? 
45' 4 
33' .- 
14*8 

M e re G en 15 
15' ? 
M on C ap 
14’ ? 15 ftftonu Cp l l * . U U 
N N 
C K O R P 
'» 
’ n 
*4 
1 8 ' ? 
N a tL F la 
N a tO ld L 
N a t W est 
N a tn w A 
N o w s ! L l 
O hio Cas 
O ld R In t 
Penn L f 
P h tla L f 
P re ! R is k 
P ro te c t 
P ro v L A 
R e p L ife 
Safeco 
JSt P a u l 
S ecor A m 
Se< C onn 
S ecLt Ac 
S oC arln 
S th ld F in 
Swn L ife 
S overgn 
S ta te G rp 
T im e H 
T rn s p t L f 
U n it D iv r 
U F irC a s 
U n it Svc 
Wst CAS 
W rld Svc 
Zen N a tl 

3*4 
4' a 
6 
AU 
5 S3 16 
1o*4 
H U 
U U 
19 + 4 
41' 4 42'4 
23' ? 24' 4 
3'437 16 
H U 
U + 4 
U 
U 
17 
17' ? 
37 
38' ? 
6*4 
7 
38+4 39’ 4 
3o*4 
31' 4 
V U IO U 
V ? IO 
27 
2 2*. 
13 
13’ l l l l ' ? 
IV ? 2o 
4 G 
4' J 
3' ? 
3 U 
IV ' J 2o' ? 
5 + 4 
A1 8 
3*8 
4 U 
2 2 '. 
23’ . 
U G l l G 
24G 
2SG 
5' 7 
6 
6 * 4 
TU 

( liirago O ption* 

Investment Trusts 
.. . 
. 
I 
’d 
■ 
TO T] N I . fie . b i 
I A I iv * p T T " 
T * , ' . bpt 
Inc 
7 21 N L 
T . E 'ii 
IS 44 N I 
Th rd C 17 75 13 » ) f aq Ie O r 
9 97 IO 84 
E aio n A h o w a rd 
B alau 
8 JA 
9 CH 
F o u rs 
8 77 N I 
8 42 
9 o8 
6 IO 
6 58 
5 89 
6 35 
» o5 
9 /6 
16 23 N L 

G rw th 
Inco m 
S ped 
Stock 
F D IE bp 

N E W Y O R K (A P ) 
The fo llo w in g quo ta t ions s u p p lie d b y th e N a tio n a l A ssoci 
•'lio n o f 
S e c u ritie s 
D e a le rs 
Inc a re 
'h e p ric e s a t w h ic h these s e c u ritie s c o u ld 
"a v e been so ld 
(N e t asset v a lu e ) o r benight 
(v a lu e p lu s sales c h a rg e ) T h u rs d a y 
Sell B uy 
A G E E n d 5 27 
5 33 
A c o r n 
14 44 N I 
A dv 
In v 
V 97 N I 
A e tn a + 
7 74 
7 91 
A etn a Sh 12 94 14 14 
A fu tu rn F 
9 o8 N I 
A lls ta te 
8 i t N L 
A lp h a 
IO 62 N I 
A n i B irth 9 7/ io t a E u je l.ty G ro u p 
A m E q ity 4 Vt 
5 3 / 
Bond l i t 
A m e ric a n F u n d s 
A m Bat 8 oo 
I TA 
Ame p 
5 57 
6 o3 
A M u ll 
9 78 IO 69 
B ond 
15 27 16 69 
C ap F U 6 77 
6 BS 
G rw th 
15o 
197 tn tO " i 
16 3117 §) 
IC A 
1J 76 15 o4 
N P i ts IS 99 At 48 
Was M 
7 o2 
7 67 
A m e t G e n e ra l 
Cap Bd 9 oo 
9 64 
Cap C r 
4 o7 
4 45 
Inc m e 
6 52 
7 13 
Vent# 
1o 92 t i *3 
F g O '* 
6 49 
7 o9 
F d A m 
6 46 
7 Oft 
P ro s 
3 96 
4 77 
A m G r ill 
5 5o 
5 *3 
A n i In s til 
4 (f9 
5 J4 
A m Invs 
5 39 N L 
A m y lin 
17 4o N I 
A m N G in 2 76 
J o2 

D a ily 
G rw th 
Inc m e d r 

O ru o p 
I OO N I 
6 47 
6 9H 
7 35 
A i i 
6 69 
V 97 
7 74 

HP** 
F d In v 
W ast' 
Aodax 
A xe H o ug h to n 
F n d B 
7 87 
Inc F d 
A 94 s to c k 
5 93 
B LC G th IO JI 
B ub s In 
Hahs 
In 

J 92 
I 8ft 
7 21 
IO 7o 
I 46 

B. 
B edel 
Ber ga 

8 5‘> 
H T 
6 48 l l 27 
I 77 NI 
V J7 N I 

IOO Fr 
IO! F d 
'a p 

M il 6 SO N I 
In 
9 36 N L j ro u p 
/ 25 N I 
9 I t NI 

B u iig s tk I 
Host F Un 
Fe) 

4 67 
5 27 
9 SO IO 38 
3 4 2 
3 69 at v in B u llo c k 
B u tic * 
12 8714 o7 
C a n d " 
7 47 
8 U 
D iv id 
J l l 
J au ftftutith 
14 8316 21 
N a lW 5 9 94 IO Ie 
N Y V n l l I) 12 U 
CG I ut Hi 
9 61 IO 39 
C G tn c rn 
8 53 
9 72 
I a p P re-, 
I OU N I 
I a n ty Sh K) b i l l 41 
C h ati m y IO IS l l o9 
C h a rt F d 13 81 15 o9 
O r a v G r Bos 

K u ltu r anti Lgg* 

C H IC A G O (A P ) iU $ U A ) 
B u tte r tn a d x w tK X tw a lv liu y a 'y p t ie k fh u 'k d a y id ..h a .qed 
9 ) M u te A A 9o 62 
*2 A 6o 82 
Al B u irg u u ltn i 
I BU stea d i sales d e n v e r od s ta re d u g t, c a rto n s u rn >r j ' q ed . A e x tr a la rg e 66 'J 
A ta rg e ta 7o 
A • u t') y n i 57 62 

N I W v O R K I a p i 
( U S ) ' w tio K x k a i* cg , o tte r m gs adtrguate >3 tx "a n d tan 
A h u ne. a U w ilin g p ric e s b asa d un vo l 
Mine Sates 
N a tr V u t* am* g o u t a t tons tut tow 
A t-lie s 
F a n c y la rg e t i 94 
F a m u m e d iu m $2 
F a t H r a tt a tis u n g g g fa d 

F a t id 
F rn t t 
SI rf 1*o 
Spec I 
•■CM PMI d ie . i nc I 
N A M g e " 
L ib ? F d 
M i t t 't U 
V t ' us* 
"tu t "O I 
Cnvrt 
F u n d 
G rw th 

6 26 
J 5o 
7 42 
5 17 l l 5o 
7 26 
3 ll A stk 
A 46 4 8 I 
2 54 7 78 
7 47 8 l l 

6 84 
3 13 
8 l l 
5 65 
N I 
7 *6 

G " 

9 o5 
9 6V 
9 44 IO 32 
I 77 
5 JI 
6 69 
9 /J 
14 66 N I th A B I UU 
I o6 tty ( 
I tv 
I 61 ip (k l 6 97 
9 59 ip EU 
7 56 
8 t i 
I 'M d 
12 74 NL i, lu x IO 12 IO SO 
Met ti 
5 56 N I 
■ M a t 
6 4) N I 
C ap l l 58 t i i i g* 
I d 
J I* N I 

U d iiA v h 
Dec at 
O lla * 
O d d ! 
Deft L* 

 t i 99 
G ro u p 
12 I i H 76 l l 2 H 2 » 
9 44 
9 .m 
A 67 
A OI 
O v d iM 
I k =d5tk t a « • B u 
Cs e y fg s t 
O e y t 
( t)W 't 
I t-y g i 
IS J I 

<6 

I f j J 

5 17 
A i t 
I N I 
/ N I 
A NL 

17 t7 

EdSCinG 
8 98 NI 
I q t et F 
IO 6ft l l 59 
E ttu n T r 
14 22 
I a " lid 
9 63 IO 47 
F a r " ' Bu 
8 24 NL 
F e d e ra te d F unds 
A m I d r 
8 95 9 o9 
F m p lr 
IV Oft 
F o u r F 17 97 
T x t r e 
12 9o N L 

C aph 
8 34 
V I I 
Cont fd 
IO /ft 
N I 
D a ily 
I 
I OO NL 
D s tn y 
9 IO 
E g 
Inc 
15 J / NL 
M a g e i 
22 97 
M u " Bd IO 41 
NL 
F 'd e l 
15 VI 17 39 
P u n tn l l o212 o4 
S alem t 79 
5 23 
T h r ill 
1o 51 NI 
T re n d 
21 o4 22 99 
I m a in tat P '(JU 
D yn a 
4 /1 
NL 
I "d u s t 
4 33 
N L k n o w 
/ 85 N L f s* In v e s to rs 
D 'V o 
5 8 / ft 12 ft 48 
7 o6 
8 64 
9 44 
6 19 
9 17 
8 16 N L 
IO IX) N L 
15 73 N L 
3 9o 
4 26 
G ro u p 
A J I 
4 79 vt ta t ) 64 
9 o7 
9 91 
9 66 
9 46 k iln G ro u p 
O N IC ft k l 
7 1ft 
13 

O f w it' 
In c o m 
Stock 
A M M U 
A 
F 'M t'D t f o r t y 
F r 
F n d L ith 
F o u n d e rs 
G rw th trico rn 
M u la t 
Spw 

G fw th 
U t'ls 
In c o m 
US GOV 
C aph 
F a u lt 
F rk ln L it 
I OF 
D ep 
F u ndpk 
F u n d Inc 
C o m m tm pdC 
In d T r 
P ilo t 
GF b i b 
G en bec 
G rih m d 
H a m ilto n 
I H O A 
G rw th 
I n t o " ' 
H a rt 
G th 
H a rt L#y 
Mer a ge 
Moi do T r 
Hut M a n 
(S) O r 

I *6 
9 >7 
I 6o 
3 24 
8 34 

4 94 
I 9o 
IO 46 
7 RO 
J 19 
9 l l 
6 OO NL 
8. i i 
8 46 
Grp 
8 68 9 49 
8 18 
6 94 
IO 58 l l 56 
8 l l 
8 66 
2ft o7 
9 77 N L 
17 34 NL 

A Ti 
A 64 
6 71 
7 J) 
7 73 
8 4’ 
1o l l NL 
7 IV NL 
I IO 
I OO NI 
IS OS 16 7/ up 

T rs t un 

 rn 
5 
J 54 
3 
IO 37 11 

 a ph 

(D b 
IQS 
1 o s 
/Au 
P ro 

6 13 
\ 
7 13 
I 
798 
8 ‘>o 
9 29 
I 58 N L 
I i i NL 
IO 17 IO VI 

8 87 
9 69 
6 o5 
6 61 

A 59 
V I i 

W Iv tv / 
6 o8 NI 

6 98 
9 'ft! 

Cos S t 
3 64 
3 9« 
P o la r 
J 22 
J 52 
.a n d G th u n a v a ll e x in g to n G rp 
Cp Cd* 14 3o 15 69 
Lex O r 
8 57 
9 31 
I ex In IO 74 l l TA 
I ex Ai 14 93 16 J2 
L ite Ins 
6 96 
7 6o 
L in c o ln N a il bet 
A m 
I o6 N L bel bpt 
17 58 N L 
L o o m is b a y tes 
C a p 'I 
1o o4 N L 
M u * 
17 88 N L 
L o rd A b b e tt 
A ll.tm 
8 19 
8 84 
B ud d b l l 35 1 2 4o 
In c o m 
3 49 i t 7 
L u th e ra n B ro 
F und 
IO 53 l l SI 
In c o m 
9 JO IO 16 
M u m 
1o o7 l l OI 
US G ov 9 83 IO 74 
M a s s a th u s e tt Co 
F in e d 
8 IO 
8 85 ln d « p 
7 14 
7 8o 
M a ss 
IO 6 / l l 61 
M a ss F in a nc' 
M IT 
IO 58 l l 41 
M IG 
8 ift 
9 o1 
M ID 
M F D 
M C D 
MF B ftfta the re 
M i 
Cap 
M I 
P o y 
M id A M 

14 53 15 i t l l 74 17 6ft 
17 83 13 83 
15 58 16 8o 
13 17 N L 
17 91 13 8 / 
I OO N L 
5 15 
5 6) 
Afton 
M k t 
I OO NL 
M O N Y I 
9 12 
9 9/ 
M S B I d 
13 93 N I 
M u* Ben 
8 VO 
9 /3 
M IF I d 
8 59 
9 29 
M i l G th 
J 78 
4 o9 
AAufoaled O m a ha 
A m e r 
11 IO l l 88 
G rw th 
I OO 
4 3$ 
In c o m 
V IV 1o 71 
M u ! burs 
7* 51 N L 
N E A M u ! u n a /a n 
N a tl li d 
IO ft* NL 
Na* Sm ut 
Set rn w n 
Bond 
O 'w d 
G rw th 
Pf SIK b ic o rn 

 un 

 b H ltk 
N E L ite t g j 1 
G rw fi 
Inc Ort 
Side 
N e u b e rq f n r g y 
G u a rd 
P a rlo r 
N e u w I d 
N e /. 
A ld 
N e w to n 
N e w t (n y 
N tc h is I 
N o m u ra 
N or east 
N ov etm 

4 63 t Ift 
5 52 
I i i 
5 45 
8 25 
F u nd 
16 n 
8 57 

4 VV 
1 49 
5 95 
8 l l 
5 i t 
8 8V 

IV 23 
9 26 a d 

B e rm 
I t 5o NL 
27 9 7 N L 
9 27 
NL 
8 15 N I 
1o 94 NL l l Ti N L 
9 » / N I 
14 o7 N L 
9 Al IO I t 
14 79 NL 
9 59 IO o4 
1o o5 IO 17 
13 59 NL n e r t a 
Quash < 
A 72 
6 IK) 
Int Bos ti 65 9 45 
M u " ti 
I 4k t ce 
I OO NL 

IO TI NL 
A IM 
9 J I IO o7 
Time* 
I I t 
I UA 
O r c Sue 
IT i i I i 34 
Mar a m M ti 7 o 
9 46 
Maul R y r 
5 93 
( R 
P e n n Sg 
7 97 NL 
E m it M u 
3 AA N L 
M tiil a 
6 95 
7 AO 
Mime c a p 
8 o2 ft TI 
Mi him" r d 
9 4ft IO 36 
P i ( g rim ( ?rp mu r e 
17 65 13 )7 
M 'ty i d 
H U ft 56 
M a g t 
I 47 
3 63 
M a y I " 
9 Ti 
9 71 
P in e s t l l l l N L fle e r F u nd 

 m d e F i 
I w it) 

B a i,h i 
BIX Hi i , i w it 

( us k I 
I 6b c Bs K 7 
5 o7 
(u s SI 17 ll 
Cus i i 
9 Ai 
CMS S I 
I At 

Hi 
S 88 NL l> 
J *4 
8 ) 5 
1 
9 45 IO 32 t ex HJS 
It 

 l f VI 
2» IO 
9 I i 
8 16 
5 89; 
Iv +6) iy (pi, 
8 '» 

11 

 c o r a * 
R a m p * 
We*.** ye 

I i 75 
IO tv 
It 62 
VO 7411 Iv 
8o4 
8 79 
J i i I OI 
V WI IO Ta 
I t 6412 J. 
I 92 NL 
I OO N I 

598 
9 73 
9 61 

R e vere 
5 47 b ate r E a t 8 91 
Satec G it) H TO 
Sc udder F u n d s 
Inco m 
14 68 NL 
In tl 
Fd 
17 TA NL 
M M B 
IO 27 N L 
S pe d 
77 93 N I 
Com b t 
9 34 NL 
Aft an 
R 
IO o3 NL 
S e c u rity F u n d s 
E q u i y 
3 9o 
4 76 
In v e s t 
7 39 
8 IMI 
U ltra 
9 77 1o 62 
S en tin el G ro u p 
Apex 
3 i f 3 85 
B alun 
7 97 
8 66 
C o m s 
12 23 13 37 
U n ! G th a o7 
8 77 
S w itry F l l VI 17 9 
S h a re h o ld e rs D p 
C m s lk 
5 8o 
6 3+ 
F n tr p im a v .e l 
I let F d 5 74 
5 7 
M a rl yr 
8 5o 
V 79 
I (g a l 
6 59 
7 7o 
P ace 
IO 33 l l 29 
Shr a rs o n F u n d s 
A p p te 
Ift SS IM o9 tric o rn 
18 717o 45 
■ in v e s t 
1o o911o3 b ie r re G 
8 TA NL b l i e r D 
IV 29 N L 
S tgm a F m ids 
C ap.! 
S S I 
9 3o 
Inve st 
IO 3411 JO 
T ru s t 
8 77 
9 SI 
V ent 
IO 26 l l TI b'S K em pC f 
I 
IO 73 l l 4 
Afton M 
Aft UT" bop G 
Sup In 
Sup b le c t) 
>B 
I q ty 
>B IA G ' 

I OO NL 
1o 58 I t l l 
7 o? 
7 6/ 
V 85 IO 77 
IO 72 l l 17 
7 18 
7 15 
9 83 N I 
17 56 NL 
SoGen In IO 88 11 J9 
Sw In v s 
7 92 
8 56 
5 * 1 " G I 
4 81 
5 JO boyer In 
H O I I ) l l 
S pe ctra 
A 
4 56 N L 
S ta te B undG r i t 
4 78 
4 ta 
Fd 
4 96 
S Al 
I A 
3 8.3 
I IV 
' G I 
5 97 NL 
Ba 
9 52 N I 
St 
47 17 47 48 
F u n its 

D'C 
Pre 
S 'T ri 
SF in 
S tate 

O ption 
A lco a 
A lco a 
A m le i 
A ." Ted 
A m T e l 
A ll R 
A tt R 
A tt R 
Avon 
A von 
A v o n 
B ank A m 
B a n k A m 
B an k A m 
B eth S 
B eth S 
B ru n i 
B ru n s 
B u rl N 
B u n N 
B u rl N 
B u rrq h 
B u rra h 
B u r r a h 
C itic p 
C d itp 
C ititp 
Dei ta 
D e lta 
D e lta 
D ig E g 
D ig E g 
D ig E g 
D m E q 
D ig E q 
D ig E g 
D*g E q 
D isn e y 
D isn e y 
D is n e y 
D isn e y 
D isney 
D isney 
D is n e y 
D ow Ch 
D o w Ch 
D o w Ch fu P nt to P ut fU Pn* 
F a s K it 
Pas Kd 
E a s K d 
E w , Kd 
E as KU 
E x x o n 
E x x o n 
E x x o n 
E x x o n 
F N M r N M 
F lu o r 
F tou r f lu o r 
F o rd 
F o rd ben E t 
3 en E l 
G en E l 
3 M 
' > Aft j M i t W st 
&t Wst j * W st 
GII W u 
/ i f W u 
Hat b m 
H a lb tn 
Mat a m 
M om c lk 
M o m sfk 
*+om stk 
H o m stk 
Moo O M 
Moo O M 
Moo O M 
Hou O M 
Mou O M 
Moo O M 
I N A 
I N A 
I B M 
I B M 
In H o r tn H o r ii. i i . " 
In M in 
In Aft m 
In M w 
In P a p 
In P a p 
I I T 
I T T 
I T T 
John J 
John J 
K ern' C 
K enn C 
K en o C k i t r M 
K e rr M k re s q e 
K re sg e 
.k re s g e 
L o e w s 
I oew s 
L o e w s 
I oew s 
M i 
D o " 
M i D o n 
M f 
D o " 
M w k 
After ck 
After rd 
M e r r il 
M M M 
M M M 
M o n son 
Aftonsan 
Aftonsan 
N C R 
N C R 
N C R 
N a A t 
N a A ir 
P e n n / 
P e n n / 
P e n n / 
P ep si 
P '-ps. 
P epsi 
P o la r 

P o la r 
I R C ) 

T h u rs d a y . M a r 

S tead m 
A m In d 
A SSO A 
In v e s t 
Ocean 
S tem Roc 
B aton 
C a p O 
SBX fc 
S u rv e y F 

79 NL 
I Hi NL 
I 4o NL 
6 14 NL 
Fd*. ■ 
17 S8 NL 
8 16 NL 
17 r f N i 
7o te m p Q I l l 96 IJ o 7 
Te m p in? 
I OO NL 
Th is C ap 
7 23 
/ 84 
Ir n s In v s 9 IJ IO 17 
T ra y I g 
IO OU IO 93 
Tuck M d 
H iv NL 
I a »iC C t t o4 N I 
T w its 
Inc 
5 65 NL 
USA A G I 
7 47 NL 
U S A A In c 1 1 /4 
NL 
Lib Gov 
9 /ft 
9 91 
U n .) 
M o t 
8 31 N L und u n d e a d 

OddV tiM lT l l t i it Inv 6 IM ft 66 
Cap 
IO 8o 11 64 in k ' 
17 61 13 61) 
M i I onus 
I rn i i i 
6 I ’ 
•id 
I X 
1 98 rn O r 
8 9o 
9 t i ti Inc 9 34 IO VI m m id io n o t ten 
5 Ie 
5 99 
KHI 
5 OI 
5 55 byes 
I 62 NL x L im Fd 

Un 

S p e rry 
‘ p e rry 
S p e rry 
S p e rry 
S / f ile r 
S yntex 
I u ndy 
I u nd y 
Ta nd y 
L in d y 
? i+ d y n 
I e td y is 
T i+ d y n 
I i+ d y " 
I t i d y i 
I e id y n te s o ro f e s o ro le s o ro 

In 

6 /4 
6 9 1 
$ 14 
9 l l 
A l l 

5 21 

A 2, 

 k " 
13 5514 8! 
•st 
J us 
I Ta 
" I 
6 7o 6 /» l l 
J 89 a 67 
GW' 
I 84 N I 
I 'll 
J 84 N L 
? a rd O '" u p 
Mr 
18 i i NL i> 
13 9) NL ct 
7 51 N I 

Dx 
O k 

A w 
We* 
N L 

I a 
6 /7 
6 Mi 
H) 74 NL 
7 I i 
7/1 
5 I i i i 

I * fc' 
*9) I I 

 p ric e 
5o 
6o 
55 
AO 
65 
45 
5o 
6o 
IO 
45 
SO 
2o 
25 
3o 
35 
4o 

A pr 
6*8 

 to 
Jut 
7 '? 
I U 
7 + 4 
3' 
7*8 
2*8 
3 Ift l l 16 
B’ s b 
4' ? 
5+8 
3 16 l l 16115 Ift ft* . 
7+b b 
2 U 
3 * h 
4 U 
5 16 l'« 1 1 3 16 

 b 
3 * 4 
I U b 
7 

6 ' 
I * . 27 16 
' 8 
+8 
T U 
3+« 
U l l 16 
15 13 16 17 16 
2o 
I 16 
3 16 
IO 
4*8 a 
45 
U H S 16 

7o 
5o 
1 16 
2*» 

O ct Close 
8' a 
56s* a 
56’ a 
62+? 
62' ? 
62' ? 
53*4 
53+4 
53 + 4 
46*e 
46*8 
IA U 
26U 
26*4 
76*4 
36*b 
36*o 
IS '? 
IS '? 
4 4 '. 
44' j 
44'4 i t 

 b 
2*8 
*4 
3+4 
IU 
I * . 
7 16 a 
2 * . b 
4' ? 
8o 
I 16 
U 
1*» 
67 
WO a 
I 16 
5 16 
67 
Ti 
4*8 a b 
TV s 
JO 
U 
19 16 
2 U 
TV a 
35 
I 16 u 
U 
TV a 
3o b 
3 + 4 
4+4 
32' ? 
35 
5 16 l l 16115 16 
37' ? 
IO a a 
*4 
32' ? 
4o b 
4' 4 
SU 
42 
45 
*4 
71 16 
3 + 8 
47 
•46 U 
5 16 
IG b 
42 
5o 
I 16 
U 
19 16 
47 
53+b 
I 16 
I 4 b 
42 
56’ a 
I 16 b b 
42 
AO a 
' 8 u 
42 
35 
4' a 
SU 
AU 
3 8 *. 
38 *• 
I ' ?2I I 16 b 
3 8 *. 
•to 
*8 
73 16 
3G 
3 8 *. 
43*4 
13 16 b 
38** 
45 a 
+8 
15 16 
38G 
48 7 
I 16 
14 b 
3 8 *. 
5o a 
3 16 b 
3 8 * . 
35 
7+4 
3*4 
4*8 
37'? 
4o 
5 16 
13 16115 16 
37 G 
45 
I 16 
5 16 
*4 
37' 7 
ITO 
IO U 
U U 
15' 8 
13o+8 
13o 
J U 
A U 
S U 
U C G 
MO 
' 4 71 16 
4G 
13o‘ h 
7o 
5 
7 
HU 
73*4 
8o 
V 16 
V t 
J U 
73*4 
9o 
I 16 
I 16 
15 16 
73*4 
'OO n o t 16 
I 16 
15 
6' ? 
7 
SO 
TG 
3'4 
5$ 
3 16 
+4 
AO 
I 16 
3 16 
IS 
I U 
I* ? 
2o 
I 16 
1 8 
3o 
3*4 
4' 7 
35 
+8 U 16 to 
I 16 
' ? 
SO 
S U 
8+8 
AO l l 16 
2 
5o 21 W 
J U 
55 
3 16 
* . 
6o 
I 16 
AO 
It+ a 
7o 29 16 
8o 
15 
TO 
25 
15 
7o 
5o 
AO l l 16 
7o 
3o 
35 
4o 

 b b b 
J*» 
I U a 
1*» 
3 16 b 
2+» 
I 
9 
J U 

 b a l l 16 b b 
3 * . 
5 
9 16 13 16 
7+« b 
J U 
3*8 
3 16 l l 16 l l 16 
IS 16 15 16 
3 16 
5 16 
T U 
T U a 
12 
7 H 
J U 

I 16 
7' ? 
2*8 

I 16 
6*« 
SU 

 ll* , 
7 
2 * 4 b i l l 16 
3o ta 
IT G 
35 
U U 
U U 
4o 
8)4 
IO 
45 
4*8 
AU 
SOHI 16 
4 
6o 
' ft 
IG to 
I a 
45 
I.,, 
1) 16 
76o 
24' 7 
79*4 
28o 
TG 
U ' 4 
25 
8 a 
JO 
3 '4 
3+ 4 
35 
5 16 
G 
35 
7G 
TU 
4o 79 16 
Jt4 
15 b l l w so 
A G a 
6o 
14 
I ' ? 
. 75 
7'» b 
TG 
JO Ti I i 
35 
' ft l l 16 
7o 
I U 
J' ? 
HO 
I w 
75 
7*8 
J U 
3o 
G l l 16 
I i 
I 16 u 
7o 
I 
TU 
8o 
I 16 u 
35 
’ t i l t 16 
4o 
I 16 
' I 
45 a 
' • 
75 
8 * 4 a 
JO 
I 
4' ? 
35 
*4 
1*4 to a so 
3 16 
G 
AO 
I 16 
3 16 
IS l l 16 
T U r n 
*4 
T U to 
I W 
' 4 
X 
*4 
I U 
Ti 
I 16 
5 16 
SO 
TG 
J U 
AO 
I 16 
7o 
IM * 
S U 
8o l l 16 
V J 
9o 
I 16 
I J 
JO a 
AU 
35 IS W 
V ? 
4o 
' • 
14 
VS 
9 16 
I U 
JO 
I 16 
‘ ft 
75 
T U a 
JO 
J U 
4 'k t$ 
G 
I ' • to 
7 
A 
RO 
' § 
>4 
9o a 
' ft 
JO 
SU 
AU 
J5 
I ' ? 
V » 
4o 
' • 
I 
IS 
I 16 b t o f t' $ a 
75 
J ? 
4 ' X 
W 
14 
G 
6o 
3*« 
4G 
7o 
I 16 l l 16 
JS 
J G 
4*4 

 b 
I U 
5 
2*8 b b b 
8 « 
S U 
25 16 
4 U l* k 

/ J * . 
7 3 *. 
5 2 '. 
5 2 '. 
5 2 '. 
5 2 '. 
16' a 
1 6U 
3 3*. 
3 3 *. 
33 
57*4 
57 
SI 
S IU 
S I* 
71* 
/ I U 
TI 
TV I 
22 
22' ? 
1 4 *4 
1 4 * 4 
56 
56 
56 
41*8 
4 1 *. 
4 1 *. 
41’ . 
47*# 
4 7*. 
47*8 
47*« 
ATU 
ATU 
ATU 
ATU 
3 4 'x 284 
2o 284U b 
33 
4 U l * i a 
3*4 
Mb a 
2 b 
J ' ? 
1+9 
4> i 
I U 

J U 
I 
7+9 
I b b 
S U 
2 ** 
I iv , b 
J' ? 
J U 

5 l l 16 a 
3*9 
I b 
3+9 
I U 
I 

IO H 16 
45 
I 16 
5o 
I 16 
7o 
' ? 
75 

1 * 9 
7 16 b 

IS 

I 16 
7' < 
7*» 

53‘ ss b 
58 '211 16 
6o 
68 
TO 
19 

• b ti 
1*8 
5 
I X 
2+x 
16 15 16 

9o l l 16 
IOO 
I I i 

I 16 
I 16 

6*4 
8*4 
5 
6*4 b 
4 » 
5' ? 
3 16 
17 16 
7' ? 
(J 
H IS 16 a 
4+4 b u l l 1ft IS I t a 
* 
3 ift 
IO 

 is i t 

3* l l I t 
A w 

U l l 16 

33 
33 
47U 
42' x 
47' x 
56 
56 
3 1 *. 
3 IU 
3 I U 
TO' 
7o’ 
77* 
TTU 
Tty 
68 + 
66* 
33 
33' 
33' 
34 
34 
I i 
34 
44 
44' I 
44' a 
57*4 
57*4 
19*8 
IV a 
S H , 
51 u 
76 + 4 
76 4 
76*. 
3$'? 
3 5 ? 
35' ? 
TAU 
TAU 
12*9 
M u 
32*9 
7o-X 
TO** 
7o’ x 
34*, 
34*8 
14* x 
34*8 
2 t*« n h n u 
67 x 
62 ’ x 
J * * / i* * x 
39+x n u n u i i ' * 
37 
37 
37 i t 
S 9U 
59*x 
SVU 
59 * x 
SVU 
59*8 
14*4 
14 + 4 
14*4 

I s 

6o 
I * . 
3+8 
4+4 
SAG 
46'8 
5’ ft a b 
S IU 
53*8 
U a b 
51' 8 
3o 
IG 
T U a 
31+f 
35 
G 
*8 l l w 
3 1 " 
7o 
A U 
BU v 
, 
73+4 
8o 
1*8 
J U 
4*8 
7 3 '. 
WO 
3 16 
*8 b 
73+4 
IOO 
I 16 a b 
73+4 
IO 
7+4 
3 
J U 
U G 
IS 
' a 
5 16 
9 16 
12' 
4o 
V U 
IO U b 
49 U 
45 
5 G 
AU 
7 
IV ". 
5o 
I * . 
3 
A 
49 U 
2o 
G 
I G I l l 16 
I V '. 
75 
'1 
5 16 
9 16 
U + 4 
Ti 
AU a b 
J IG 
3o 75 16 
3 
3 U 
31U 
35 
G 
*8 
I U 
31’ n 
15115 16 2/ 16 
3 
W ? 
2o 
3 16 
9 W 
I 
W G 
SO 
IS G a b 
68*8 
6o 
B U 
8' ? a 
67 
65 
4 G 
4 U 
5 G 
ASG 
7o l l 15 16 
2*8 
ABG 
IS 
O h 
5G 
5 G 
U U 
7o 
I U 
7 
T U 
U U 
Ti 
J 16 
U 
IG 
I V . 
JO 
I 16 
3 16 b 
U U 
35 
I 16 b b 
U U 
IS 
IO U 
1o*4 b 
25*. 
2o 
5*8 
AU 
AG 
2 5*. 
75 
IG 
7+ft 
3 
7 5*. 
■ SO 
4 U 
6 a 
5 4* b 
AO 
' ? 
IG 
2*8 
54*8 
AO 
8 
8 
8 ' ? 
6 7 *. 
*o 
*. 
I G 115 16 
67G 
AO 
I ' ? 
2*4 
3*4 i t U 
AAU 
3 16 
I I 16 b 
SZG 
IS 15 16 
I U 
IG 
15' 4 
2o 
I 16 
5 16 
' 7 
U U 
15 
I' ? 1/ 16 
IG 
W U 
5o 
3' 1 a a 
5 3 *. 
55 
G 
1+4 
2*8 
53*8 
AO 
G a a 
53 G 
3o 
I U 29 16 
3 
3 1 U 
35 
3 W b b 
31 + 8 
7o113 16711 16 
3 G 
7 1 G 
Ti t . 
U 
I 
T IU 
» 
3 16 b 
21' 8 
J i m 16 
3 
3*4 
3 5 *. 
4o 
' 4 
G 
17 16 
35*8 
JO 
3 G b b 
33U 
35 13 16 
I G 
V 1 
33’ x 
4o a 
' ? 13 W 
33 G 
2o 
5' a 
5+8 
5+4 
74* x 
25 IS 16 
1+8 
7 
TAU ne 98,939 
Ope# in te re s t 3,545.61/ 

GU O yn 
G E U t 
G F Ut 
G en F d 
G en F d 
H o w le t 
H o w le t 
H o w le t 
H o w le t 
H Inns 
H In n s 
Hon w l I 
M o n w ll 
H o n w ll 
Iii F ly 
In F ly 
J M a n y 
J M a n y 
J M a n y 
M G IC 
M G IC 
Aftob'l 
Aftobit 
M o b il 
Aftobil 
N bern i 
N Sem i 
N S ew i 
N S e*"' 
N Sem i 
Dec i 
O cci 
D e c 
R a y th n 
R a y th n 
R y n ld s 
R vntds 
SI urn bn 
S lu m b 
Sky I in 
S k y lin xouthn 
S' Iu d 
St Ind 
St In d f < GU 
Tx G it 
U A L 
U A L 
U A L 
U Tech 
U Tech 
J W a ll 
J W a lt 
I W a lt 
W iltm s 
W illm s 

 a N o ! tra d e d b N o o pt io n o ffe re d 
Chicago Crain 

C H IC A G O 
(A P ) 
S oybean fu tu re s p ric e s tu m b le d 25 c e n ts a b u s h e l on th e 
C h ica go B o a rd o f T ra d e T h u rs d a y , le a d 
•nu e d o w n w a rd m o v e m e n t in a ll co m m o d ifie s on the e x c h a n g e 
Soybean m e a t w a s d o w n $9 a to n am t soybean o il lost g j p o in ts , o r '? ce nt a pound 
O a fs d e c lin e d S U c e n ts , U c e n t s h o rt o f ,i d a ily lim it W h e at fu tu re s w e re o ft 4+x c e n ts a n d c o rn 2 U 
Ic e d b ro ile rs w o re a b o u t s te a d y to '4 c e n t a p ou nd lo w et a fte r a v e ry lig h tly tra d e d session 
O ld c ro p g>ybeans a ttra c te d b u y e rs e a r 
I? on re p o rts o f im p ro v e d e x p o rt b us in e s s rn tie a n s . m e a l and od a nd p ric e s ad y a rn e d com e 8 c e n ts a b u s h e l N e w c ro p m o n th s , h o w e v e r, c a m e tin d e r so m e se t' m g p re s s u re a s o th e r tra d e rs a nd sp re a d o rs sold n ew c ro p and b o u g h t o ld c ro p m o n th s O the r s p re a d e rs w e re d o in g th e s a m e in m ew l a n d in od 
W ith a lm o s t a s te a d y d o w n w a rd m o v e m e n ! rn the so yb e a n c o m p le x a rte r the fir s t h o u r, th re e n ew c ro p soybean m o n th s te ll the d a ily lim it of 3o c e n ts a b u d le t a ru i th re e m e a l m o n th s w e re d ow n h ie lim it ca $1o a ton 
There w a s a s m a ll re c o v e ry b e fo re the fin a l ben borne of the n e w c ro p s e ttin g w a s at trib u te !! to e x p e c ta tio n s o f r a in fa ll in th e 
M id d le W est and if a n y m o re fa its , as e xp e cte d b e fo re fie ld w o rk g e ts u nder w a y th e re m ig h f be a de q u a te su bso il m o is tu re C o rn a n d o a ts fu tu re s a lso de lim e d an the w e a th e r a n g le as w e ll as on th e w e a kn e ss in th e c o m p le x and 
In 
A tteal 
A lo r is ast called to r ra in in th e South a * ^ i, w h e re the w in te r w h e a t c ro p has been of som e c o n c e rn 
A n o th e r s e ttin g ta ilo r in wheat w a s a s ta te m e n t aftribut eel to a g o v e rn m e n t o ffic ia l th a t th e Re public Of C h in a m ig h t n ow a lre a d y h a v e fx io g h t ah th e w h e a t a b ro a d th a t it w ilt 
"e e d th is s p rin g 
At the close so ybe an s w e re 13 to 2o ce nts a bushel to w rs 
M a rc h 8 23. o a ts were J ’ fo 5 * . lo w e r 
M a rc h 
1 7 3 '? wheat was 7U to 4 U lo w e r 
M a rc h 2 74' ? a n d c o rn w a s I* ? lo I U lo w e r, M a rc h 
I 54 U 

C H IC A G O (A P ) 
F u tu re s tra d in g on th e C h ic a g o B o a rd o f T ra d e T h u rs d a y 
O p e n 
H ig h L o w C lo te P r e v 
W H E A T ( 5.ooo bu) 
M a r a t i 
2 Ti 1 J 72' ? 2 TA' 4 2 TAG 
M a y 
7 83 
7 83 
7 7RG 
J HO U 
2 8 3 *. 
Jut 
7 89 
2 8 9 ? 
J 85' ? J 87 
2 A IU 
Seq 
7 96 
7 9, 
7 92' ? 2 94 '4 
3 A i '. 
Dec 
3 OSU 3 OS'? 3 o2 
3 o4 
JO T' 
M a r 
J U 
3 14 
3 l l 
3 13 
3 W ’ ? 
C O R N (5,ooo bu) 
M a r 
7 SSG 
2 55' ? 2 53* 4 2 SRU 2 SSG 
M a y 
7 6 7 '. 
2 62 « 2 ta ' ? 2 A IU 
2 62*4 
Jut 
7 6 7 *. 
2 6 7G 
2 6 6U 
2 AAU 
7 68 
Sap 
7 TO' ? 2 TI 
2 AT' ? 2 ARU 
2 TO’ 1 
Due 
2 73 
2 T3 
2 TOU 
2 71 
2 7 ) u 
M a r 
2 TRU 
2 T IU 
2 76 
2 /A *. 
2 78 +4 
O A T S (1.ooo bu) 
M a r 
I TOU 
I TV i 
I 73 
I 73' ? I 78+4 
M a y 
I TI 
I T8 
I 73 
I 73 
I 77’ 4 
Jut 
I TO' ? I TO’ i 
I AA 
I 66 
I TO' ? 
Sep 
I 64 4 I ta u 
I 59 
I $9 
I 6 4 *. 
Dec 
I AA ? I 66 G 
I ATG 
I 63' 1 
I AT 
S O Y B E A N S (V M O bu) 
M a r 
8 36 
8 41' t I W G 
8 23 a JA 
M a y 
8 4o 
8 44 
8 I t 
8 23 a 4i 
Jut 
8 4o 
8 4o’ ? 8 o 8 
8 3o 
I 36' 4 
A ug 
§ 22 
I 3o ? T 99’ ? 8 o9 
8 M G bap 
7 67 
T 69 
T 4o 
7 4* 
7 rn 
NUV 
7 71 
; n 
6 94 ? 7 o2 
7 t s 
Jan 
I 25 
T 26 
6 9 V . 
7oS 
7 » • , 
M a r 
7 2* 
T JO 
7o5 
7 IO 
7 35 
M a y 
7 JO 
T to 
7 ON’ ? 7 12 
7 36’ ? 
S O Y B E A N O IL (6o.ooo lb s) 
M a r 
76 OO 
TA (to 
TS to 
2$ $o 
TS AO 
M a y 
76 o5 
26 IO 
25 45 
2$ 7$ 
2 o$ 
Jut 
26 IS 
26 35 
25 ta 
26 OO 
26 4o 
A ug 
76 IO 
76 JO 
2$ AO 
2$ 7$ 
26 35 be© 
TA IS 
26 25 
25 4o 
2$ ta 
26 2o 
O ct 
25 IO 
7$ 7o 
74 9o 
/ S M 
25 7o 
Den 
Ti 5o 
Ti ta 
24 Ti 
2$ OO 
2$ ta 
Jail 
75 SO 
25 6o 
TA HT 
3$ OO 
25 75 
M a r 
25 IO 
2$ Ti 
25 OO 
2$ 2o 
25 65 
M a y 
25 2o 
75 TO 
Ti o5 
2$ IO 
2$ 85 
S O Y B E A N M E A L 
(IOO fu n k ) 
M a r 
233 OO H i OO 227 SO 23o OO 233 SO 
M ay 
738 5o 24o RO 232 5o TJA SO 239 SO 
Jut 
74o SO 747 IO 233 5o 735 5o 241 So 
A ug 
239 5o JAI OO 231 OO 23 3 oo 
24o SO 
Sn? 
TTT SO JTA X 
214 to 21$ 9o 224 5o 
Ch t 
7oo OO TOO 5o 
IAI OO 192 OO to t OO 
De* 
197 OO 199 OO WT OO 189 oo 
196 SO 
196 OD 199 OO 18/ oo 
HW OO 197 OO 
M a r 
IWS OO 197 OO t i / OO wa oo 
197 SO 
M a y 
199 OU 199 'IO 
I i i so 
189 SO U t so 

M o n o 
H a l f + s 

17 16 
NOV 

*6 
5 16 
7 16 

MOS 
MUS 
SO 
7 16 

TO 
3 16 

6o 15 16 

9 I 
7+4 
7 16 
I U 
IU 
7 

 e/13 16 
6 15 16 

5o 

" k id ii Hie 1 
W rx k ie s d j 

I 16 
I »6 
15 16 

J 16 I J 1 
G IS 16 
? 53 16 

^ oui 

- W ool Ic 
N ew 
Vat lu re s w e n * k 
C o tto n 

"m "* r 1 

O m p l e t 
^ i t a l i o n w i d e t * o w i p o 
* H t * p r i c e s 

 to y # 
K x d w i l v e 
I n 
§ a n 
A n t o n i o 

N e w Y o r k ( A P ' in u r s a e v s n a tio n a l p ric e s fo r 
N e w 
Y o r k 
S to c k 
E x c h a n g e k is s u e s as o f 
N Y S E close 
P r ic e s a n d v o lu m e c o n s o lid a te d to r s e c u ritie s also tr a d e d o n o th e r m a r k e ts 
C i v . 
E l 
S a lts 
H 
L 
C le N e t 
_ 
R a t io ( M B ) 
C h g 
A C E In d 
I SO 
7 
93 
3 3 H 
32'? 
3 2 " t— 1 H 
A J I n d 
36 
J U 
4 H 
J U A 
U 
A M F 
1 2 4 11 
2o6 
22 
H U 
2 1H + u 
A P L C p 
I 
6 
9 
14 
W U 
W H — ' , 
A R A S v 
1.32 l l 
36 
4 3 *, a 
43’, A 
W 
A S A L t d 
8o 
228 
23 
22 
22 
- 
Vt 
A T O I n c 
4o 
6 
44 
IO 
9 H 
IO 
A b b T L e b 
I 13 297 
4 4 *. 
4 3 H 
44 
A 
** 
A c m e C Iv 5o 22 
6 
1 2 U 
U H 
I I H — 
Vt 
A d m D g 
o4 
6 
9 
3 + , 
3 " . 
3 U 
A d m E x V is e 
JO 
12 
U H 
12 
A v t 
A d m M I I o5c 
8 
7 
J U 
4 " , 
J U 
A d d rs s g 
1oc 
A e t n a L f I 2o 
18147 l l ' 7 ll 
11+ 7 + 
Vt 
8 588 
3 o ", 
2 9 *. 
3o 
- 
’y 
A g u ir r e 
1491 
14' 7 
1 3 H 
14’ , A 
Vt 
A h m a n s 
32e 6 
IS 
W U 
17 ’, 
W H — 
11 
A ile e n 
35 
3 " , 
3’ , 
3’ , 
A ir P r o d 
2ob 
13373 
29+7 
2 8 *. 
29' ? A 
* . 
A i r b n F r l 6o 12 ll 
U U 
U H 
W H A vt 
A ir c o 
1.15 
6 
49 
29 H 
2 9 H 
2 9 H 
Vt 
A k / o n a 
1.2o 41x54 
I S H 
I S H 
W H — Vt 
A la G a s I 28 
8 
IO 
15+7 
1 5 ', 
1 5 *7 + 
V: 
A la P p f ll 
A la s k ln 61e 
(5o 
116+7 
116 "? 
I W H A 
Ai 
I 
34 
18 
W H 
18 
A 
* i 
A lb a n y ln 
17 
6 
5 
W U 
1 7 U 
W H A 
Vt 
A lb e r to C 36 14 
13 
6+7 
6 " . 
6 H A t>. 
A lb e r ts n 
8o 
9 
SO 
H H 
71 
21 H A 
V 
A lc a n A lu 8o 23 
1o4 
26+? 
7 6 H 
26' 7 
A lc o S td 
96 
7 
IS 
H H 
21 
2 1 ' , — Vt 
A lc o n L b 
32 IS si 
2o 
1 9 U 
W U — 
M 
A le x d r s 36e 
6 
28 
O H 
6 H 
6"? 
A lle q C p 9oe IS 
36 
I T H 
W U 
W H A 
* i 
A ll g L u d 
8 
56 
24' ? 
24 H 
2 4 *» 
A ll g L u d p f3 
A ll g P w fiB 
8 
44 
439 
42 U 
21H 
42"? 
21 
4 2 U 
21 H A 
M 
A lle n G r p TO 
7 
12 
U U 
U U 
U U 
A lld C h I 8o 
IO 212 
4 5 " . 
J J U 
45 
- 
V. 
A lld M n t 
64 
8 
39 
13 *7 
13+7 
13+7 
A lld P r o d 6o 22 
I ll l l l l 
A it 
A l Id S ir 
18 o 
6 
76 
J I H 
J I H 
J I H — 
*i 
A lld S u p 
6 
3 
3 
3 
A H is C h a l 9o 
6 339 
7 7 ' . 
2 6 *. 
77 
+ 
I , 
A llr t A u f 
6o 
8 
5 
9 
9 
9 
A lp h P r t 
72 
4 
18 
1 6 * , 
W H 
1 6 H + 
V; 
A lc o a 
I 4o 
U 
512 
5 6 H 
56 
5 6 H + 
St 
A m lS u g 
3 
8 
32 
3 6 H 
3 5 ', 
3 6 H + V * * 
A m e x 
1 7 5 11 
197 
4 9 " , 
4 8 *. 
48 H - 
1/. 
A m a x p ts 25 
76 
119 
1 1 7 
11 7 
— I 
A m a x pf 
3 
4o 
52 H 
5 1+ , 
51H — 
" ; 
A M B A C 
I 
8 
25 
24 
2 3 U 
74 
A 
I,, 
A m e r c e 1.7o 
6 
3 
19 
I S H 
W H — 
Ai 
A m r c p f 2 6o 
2 
3 6 ", 
36 
3 6 " , A 
1,4 
A H e ss 
6o a 7o5 
31 
X U 
31 
A 
M 
A n e s p f3 5o 
84 
T O " , 
68' a 
7 o " , A I*'. 
A A i r E i l t 
56 
IO 
45 
2 o *. 
2 o *, 
2o H — 
Vt 
A m A ir 
5 235 
I O U io n 
I O H - 
"r 
A m c o r d 
6o 
9 
23 
I I H 
W H 
12 H 
A m B a k e r 
I 
5 
5 
14 
W U 
14 
A B m d s 2 92 IO 
136 
45' ? 
45 
4 5 H + 
Vt 
A B rn d p f I TO 
IO 
2 4 *. 
2 4 U 
2 4 U A *1 
A B d e ,* 
I 
IO 348 
J O U 
3 9 H 
4o+4 + t i 
A m B ld M 5o 
6 
5 i o n 
I O U 
I O U — 
H 
A m C a n 2 4o 
8 
1o6 
3 9 H 
38 H 
3 9 ',— 
A C a n p f l 75 
4 
2 3 ', 
23 
23 
- 
A C e n tr y 
26 
2 U 
2 H 
2+7 + vt 
A m C re d 81e 
5 
6 
W U 
W H 
W U 
A C v a n 
15 o 
IO 
191 
7 7 H 
2 7 H 
27 H — i i 
A m D IS H 
13 
17 
I I H n u 
H U 
A D I S t T d 84 ll 
32 
26 U 
2 6 * , 
T O H A 
Vt 
A D u a l V t 
9 
Z U 
7+4 
7 H * 
I , 
A D u l p f 84a 
13 
U U 
14 
1 4 " , 
A E I P w 
7 o6 
9 511 
23 H 
23’ 7 
23 U A u 
A F a m i l y 4o 
6 4o/ 
13 
W H 
H U ­ 
'A 
A m E n SVS 
9 
24 
3 H 
3"? 
S H 
A m F i n S y pf 
A G I B d I 79e 
M OO ll l l l l 
— 
27 
24' i 
2 4 * , 
2 4 H - 
"I 
A G e n C v I 32 ll 
W H 
17' 7 
17"? — 
Vt 
A G e n ln s 68 
6 199 
W U 
1 9 H 
1 9 H 
A G n l n pf I 8o 
119 
27 
2 6 H 
27 
A 
At 
A m H o iS t 
I 
6 
167 
2 1U 
2 1 ' , 
H U ­ 
U 
A m H o rn I IO 
18496 
3o U 
SOH 
S H A 
Af 
A H o m e p H 
I 
137 
SSI 
137 
— I' . 
A m H o s p 
4o 16 25o 
27' ? 
2 6 H 
27 H A b 
A m ln v s t 
2o 
I 
13 
J U 
4 *4 
J U — "i 
A M e d 'C l 
24 
8 
45 
12"? 
12*4 
H U ­ vt 
A M c d c p 
IO 
5 
121 
B H 
S H 
S H — 
"i 
A m M o tr s 
6 2o3 
4 ' , 
4+a 
4 ' , . 
A N a t R 
2 64 
8 258 
J I H 
4 1 * , 
J I H A 
Vt 
A m S e a t 
4o 
12 
3o 
U U 
I O U 
H U A 
*4 
A Sh ip 
1o1 
7 
45 
1 2 H 
12 
12' 7 + 
Ai 
A m S ln d I 5o 
I 
32 
2 7' ? 
71' t 
7 7 + 4 - 
Vt 
A S td p t4 75 
4 
75 
IS 
75 
A m S te r it 3o 15 
163 
S H 
S H 
8 U + 
*/< 
A m S ir s I 9o 
6 
25 
3 4 't 
34 
34 
A T T 
4 2o 
1o1763 
6 3 H 
62+ , 
6 2 * 7 - v» 

*25 o 
7 
It 
5 
o 

A T T p l 
4 
A T T p f 3 64 
A T T p f 3 74 
A W d t W k 76 
A w a t p f l 25 
A m p ro n t 
A m e s D 
U e 
A m e te k I 4o IO 
91 
A m la c 
I 
8 2o5 
A M I C 
o8e 
6 
U 
A M P I n c 
48 19 343 
7 7 U 
A m p c o 
4o 9 
7 l l * a 
A m p e x C p l l 
71 
I 
A m r e p C p 
53 
I 1* 
A m s le r I 35 
6 13o 
2 A U 

314 
66 H 
A A H 
9o9 
498k 
J A H 
57 
51 
5 o ** 
4 
7 
1 2 ** 
14 
1 7 '? 
I I H 
2 9 H 
16 
14'n 

1 2 H 
13*4 
1 7 * * 

A A H 
* i 
49*4 +• Vt 
51 
+ M 
1 2 * * - 'A 
13 *4 — 
1 7 ' * - 'A 
I I H 
I I H 
29 
2 9 '4 

A m s t p f 
48 
A m s te d 
2 8 
A m te l 
36 9 
A n c h r H 1 5o 
7 
A n d C le y 
I 
8 
A n g e lic a 24 
9 1o4 
A n ts ie r 
95 
7 
17 
A n s u lC o 531 
A p a c h e 
TO 
A p c o O il a pee o C p 
A p fd D iq 
A p ld D ig p f l 
A p p lM g 
A r c a t a N 

8 
63 
8 1o7 
34'4 
J 

S t 
15 '4 

IS 
9 318 
9o 
1o to 
A r c a t a N 
6o 
7 
6 
A r c h D a n 2o 
91456 
W H 
A r c I ic E o f 
I 
36 
4 ' * 
A r is la r 
21 
2 U 
A r i r P S v I 48 7 164 
I S H 
Art Pot IO 7o 
1 13o 115 
A r k B e s t 
52b 6 
2 
I I H 
A r k L G s I 8o 
9 
44 
A r ia n R t y 
39 
A r m a d a 
9 
W 
A r m co 1 8o 
7 
SS 
A r m p l 2 IO 
4 
A r m r p f4 75 
/IO O 
A r m s tC k 
I 12 
92 
A r m B u 
I 
4 
13 
A r o C o r p 
1b 8 
5 
A r v i n 
64 
5 
31 
A r v in in p f 2 
9 
A s a r c o 
8o 12 148 
A Sh IO U I 9o 
7 
94 
A s d D r G I 5o l l 
25 
A th I on e 
8o 
5 
15 
A tic o M lg l l 

15 '4 
W H 
2 6 ** 
I I H 
T H 
1 H 
26 
8 '* 
4 5 H 
A H 
_ 
29' j 
2 9 H 
2 9 H 
24' 4 
24 
24 
6 *4 
6H 
6 H 
6 H 
7 H 
7 H 
W H 
W H 
34 
1 H 

S H 
46 '4 
6 H 

16 
+ ' . 
1 3 * * - 
'A 
2 7’ . + »i 
I I H — 'A 
7 H 
1 U + 'A 
26 
+ *1 
S H 
4 6 '4 + 
*t 
6 *4 

6*4 4 
' 4 
6 H + 
V. 
7 H * 
' . 
W H — *1 
3 4 '« 
2 
+ 
'A i t * , i o n i i H + 
+. 
26 
2S 
26 
+ 1 
3 
I S H 
I S H 
4 H 
2 H t e n u s 

3 
U U + 'A 
1 9 'j + 
4 H .............. 
2* . 
I S H — 'A 
115 
— I 

32 
2 H 
S H 
29 
J 9 U 
56 
2 4 'J a t '* 
W H 
W U 
28 *4 
2 8 H 
18*4 
M u 
3 4 H 
J I H 
I J H 
2 H 

I I H 
I I H 
S I H 
3 1*4 
2 *4 
2 *4 
5 ', 
28 H 
29' ? 
SS 
24 
26 
W H 
16*4 

5 H + ii a t 
+ «a 
T A H 
56 
4 2 
24' j + 
' 
26 
.............. 
W H 
1 7 H + 
M 
J I H 
'A 
1 8 *4 + V. 
3 3 H 
34 
+ 
'■ 
3 1H 
3 1 H + 'A 
13'4 
1 3 U 
2 H 
2 H 
'A 
A I I C y E I I 62 
9 62 22 H 
2 2 H 
2 2 H 
A ll R ic h I 6o l l 663 54 
5 3 H 
S 3 H - b 
A tlR c p f3 75 J3 7o 
5 7 H 
S 2 H 
5 2 H + 
* , 
A il Re p f 2 8o 
48 6 7*4 
67 
A T H - 
M 
A fla s C p 
17 1o6 T O H 
19 *4 
2 o H + 
>. 
A u to D fa 
24 18 325 
24U 
B H 
2 4 U + 1 U 
A u tm ln d 24 
6 
A v c o C p 
3 
A v c o C p w t 
A v c o C p p f 
A v e r y In t 
16 17 
A v is Inc 4o 
7 
A v n e 'In t 
4o 
6 I M 
A v o n P d 
2 16 546 

41 
7 H 
7 ' j 
88 
1 4 H 
14 *4 
T IS 16 
H 
28 
4t> ? is a 
83 
1 3 H 
17 

9 T M ig 
9 
Babe k VV I 2o 7 428 
B a c h e 
4o 
5 
31 
B a k e r In 
36 9 
33 
S a k r ln tl 
42 13 
71 
'B a llC p 
IO 
6 
3 
Sal I V M I 
24 568 
H U G E 7 o8 
8 
99 
J a il D t B 4 5o 
1 37o 
J a n e * 
4o » W O te n d a g 
3o IO 
31 

47 

B a 
32 
7 ' , 
12 

4 8 U 
2 T H 
1 3 U 
116*4 

7 H + 
*A 
1 4 * 4 - 
» * 
H — I 16 
4 I H + 
U 
23 
+ 
H 
1 3 H + H 
17 
A 
4 5 *4 
4 6 H + 1 

1 H i n ­ st H 
J I H + 
7 
I I H 
4 6 * . 
4 6 U 
I T H 
1 7 H 
2 4 H 
23*4 at'.A » 

 la n g P n t 
4 la n P p f I 25 l a n P p f 
7 
I k o f N Y 2 32 
I k o f V a 
88 6 

T I * . 
2 o H 
2 o '*- 
' » 
I S H 
I S H 
I S H 4 
' 4 
I S H 
W H 
I S ' . * 
U 
J R 
77 
I 
7 1 ' 
' 
27 
8 
V » 
35' 
31 
U H 
U H la n k A m 
8o l l 772 
26*4 at1. v 
W H la n k T r 
3 1 
Bt 3 7 H 
I n k T p f 7 SO 
S 
W U t a r b O 'l I 6o U 
17 
3 S H 
S a r d C R 
J t 13 152 
U la r n s G p 8o 
7 
U l l ia s ic Inc 
I S 
J 
I S H ia sic p f 2 SO 
IS O 
36 le te s M l 
8o 34 
7 3 1*4 la u s c h l 
I to IS I 
B a x t T r v 
24 l l 773 34 
3 3 H l a y M G I 88 
6 
J J I N 
7 1 H l a y k C ig 
74 19 I s 
S le a r m g 
5o 1o 
B 7 7 H 
2 7 'i 

1 7 H 
I S H 
36 
3 1*4 

 le a fin g 
N a i f os la c k m n 
32 15 
16 l a c i D 'c k 4o 14 7 71 le e c h A 
I 
7 
64 
Je k e r 
28 
49 le i c o p 
7oe 
7 
JA 
S eld en 
I 37 
I 
I 
B e td n H 
I 
7 
» 
B e d H o w 84 28 
44 le tiC d a * OB 
7 192 
Bern is 
I JO 
7 
12 la n a i * 
7 
9 
83 
S e n f'C p I IO S 2o2 le n e f p f 4 JO 
2 
B en ef p f2 SD i2 o 
S e n a th o 7e 18 666 
Ber k e y P 
45 i r s * p a a rn la th sn 
2 
IO 6o4 
S tg t h r e e 
4o H I W 
B la c k O 
48 I t 487 
B t a ir J n 
64 
6 1*o 
B h S U .a u I o8 
I 13 
B to c k H R 
I 27/ 66 
B iu e B e tl 
I 
6 1o7 
B 'u e b r d OST 
7 
U 
B o b b ie B r 
I t 
■loemg 
I 4o 
9 377 
Bo ve C s I X IO 3o7 
B k M n th I JO l l 
W 
B o rd e n 
I 4o 9 J4 1 
Bor W a r I 6o 
I 
4o 
B o rm a n s 
A 
J l o s F d 
J 44 IO 
37 
26' • 
H O 
96*4 
96*4 
I ) 
I J H h o s t or I 46 
16 
I S H 
B r a n ift 
14 
J 184 
9*4 
B r a u n C F 
4o 6 
65 
W U 
B rig S n 
* J l l S47 
7 7 H 
B r ts fM y 7 JO 13 SIS 
AS 
B ril P e l 
31e W I i i is* a 
B r k w G l I 4o 
6 
69 
3 1*4 
B k l y U G I 72 9 
24 
J O H 
Ak U G p f 2 47 
8 
77 
B w n S h rp JO 2o 
I 
6 H 
B r o w n C 22e l l 
21 
9 H 
B w n C p I 4o 
I 
29 
H H 
B r w n E e r 4o 171 111 
9 H 
B ru n s w k 4o 
7 J U t$ H 
B ru s h W 
I 
7 
77 
J 7 H 
B u c y E r 
64 
12 14 1 
7 3 * . 
B u d d C o I ID 
4 
J I 
I I H 
B u d C a p f 4o 
IS 
6 H 
B u d a le d 
IOT 
/ 
4 
O '« ftu f fF O I 4oa I 
I J 
29 >4 
B u l o v a 
3S 
7 U 
B u n d y C p BO 6 
5 
U U 
S u n k H il I 66 
2o 
72 
B u n k R a l l D O l l * . 
B n k R p f I SO 
I 
W U 
B u rl k id I 4o 
7 566 
I S H 
B u rl N o 
I 4o I 
69 
4 4 G 
B u r 1 N o p f SS 
3 ) 
T H 
B u m p y 
66 I t 
7 
UT > 
B u r r g h * 
BD 14 444 
67 U 
A tr t fe s G D 
I 
SO 
J I H 

 l l * . 
J I H 
J O U 
J O U 

D lv . 
P E S a la s 
H 
L 
C IO N t f T 
R a t io O ld * ) 
C h g . 
La a e n c c 
4 
OU 
« - *, 
.•*8 
8*8 
C a e s a rs 
47 
4*8 
4+k 
4 Vt 
C a l F ini 
8 
65 
S U 
8 U 
B U 
C a l p u l I 64 
8 
5 
19' 8 
19 
19 
- 
C a lla h n 35b 22 
158 
17*8 
I A U 
1 6 H — H 
C a m e m B r 
I 
I U 
I U 
I U 
C m p R L 
6oa 19 
7o 
29*8 
28+7 
2 8 * 7 - 
"? 
C a m Sp 
I 48 12 
46 
3 7 H 
37 
3 7 * 8 - 
C a m p T I 32 ll 
17 
34 
33 U 
3 3 U 
C d n P d c 
86e 
6 
155 
16*4 
16 
16*4 A 
"a 
C a n a lR 
64 ll 
13 
8*4 
8 '8 
8 U 
C a p C itis 
2o l l 
23 
4 9 H 
4 9 " . 
4 9 U 
C a p H o ld 6o ll 
28o 
21H 
21"? 
2 1H 
C a p itM tg 
4 
I U 
I " , 
I U 
C a rb o r 
I 12 
8 
5o 
34"? 
3 4 " . 
34+7. 
C a rlin g © 
15 
36 
2*k 
2 H 
2 U 
*8 
C a rlis le 
86 
7 
13 
W H 
W H 
W H A 
"7 
C a r o C & O h 5 
/ IO 
67 
67 
67 
- 
Vt 
C a ro E r g 
2o 12 
IO 
6+8 
6*8 
6+8 
C a r o P w I 77 
8 
171 
22*8 
2 2+ , 
22*8 + 
C a r P p f 7 67 x2 
2 9 H 
29' ? 
2 9 H + 
C a r l e t 
2 
7 
42 
38*8 
37' 7 
38*8 A 
H 
C a r r C p 
64 
IO 
131 
1 6 H 
16+8 
1 6 H + 
Vt 
C a r iH a w 9o IO 
7o 
2o' * 
2o 
X ' 8 . 
C a rt M w p f 2 
I 
3 6 '. 
36' k 
3 6 U . 
C a r tW a ll 
4o IO 
27 
V t 
7 
7+4 
Case N G SOr IO 
6 
B H 
8’ 7 
8 *7 — u 
C a s tlC k 
8ob 
8 
83 
15*8 
15*8 
1 5 U A 
'8 
C a t r p T r I 5o 12 687 
52 U 
5 1U 
52 U + 
H 
C e c o C p I IS 
W 
14 
15' ? 
15 *8 
1 5 " ? - 
*8 
C e la n s e 2.8o IO 
96 
48 
47' i 
48 
A 
Vt 
C elari p f4 5o 
4 
5 1*8 
5 1 " , 
S I H . 
C e n te x 
.12 
9 214 
I I H 
I I H 
I I H + 
" » 
C en S O W I 26 
9 272 
16' 7 
16*8 
1 6 * 8 - u 
Cen H u d I 72 
7 
32 
1 9 H 
19+7 
W H A 
" , 
C e n lllL t I 6o IO 
16 
1 8 U 
1 8 " , 
1 8 U A 
Vt 
C n l L l p f? 87 
(43o 
31+7 
3 1H 
3 1+ 7. 
C n lL t p f? 62 
Cen ll P S I 28 
(3oo 
2 8 U 
28' 7 
2 8 U 
IO 273 
15*8 
U H 
15 
- u 
C e n L a E I 4o IO 
21 
26 U 
2 6 U 
2 6 H 
C c M P w I JO 
9 
21 
IS ’ , 
I S * . 
15 U — 
"8 
C e n S o y a 
7o 
C e n T e l 
I JO 
7 
39 
14 
W U 
W H — 
1 8 
IO 
38 
25+4 
25*8 
25 U A 
H 
C e n tr D a t 
I ll 
1o9 
? 4 'k 
23 H 
24*4 A 
*» 
O rt te ed 
IO IO 
86 
24+j 
23' 7 
24 
+ 
"I 
C e s s A ir I 2o 
7 
61 
2 7 U 
2 7*8 
2 7 H A 
Af 
C h a m p ln 
I 
8 432 
24 
2 3 U 
23 U A 
" , 
C h m I p i l 2o 
C h a m S p 
68 
6 
23 U 
23+7 
23^VO­ 
" , 
11 
177 
W H 
W H 
I T H 
C h a r tC o 
o4c 7 
18o 
5 
4 U 
J U 
C h r f N Y 
7 .1 7 
6 
19 
3o 
2 9 * . 
3o 
4 
C h a s F d 
6oc 
23 
8 * . 
S H 
8 H 
C h a s e M 2 2o 
9 336 
31 *8 
31 
3 1*8 
C h a s e T 
27 
T U 
I U 
2*4 
C h elsea 
4o 
IO 
6 * , 
6 
6 
- 
C h e m in I 5o 
9 
H O 
33 
32 
3 2 " . A 
*7 
C h m N Y 7 88 
I 
42 
42 
4 1U 
41 U T 
U 
C h e s V a I 36 
I 
37 
2 8 U 
78' ? 
2 8 U A 
"4 
C h e s e P n o4 
13 
122 
23’ k 
2 2 H 
22 Ak— 
Vt 
C hess! e 2 32 
7 
111 
38 
3 7 H 
3 7 * . 
’ 8 
C h iM lw 
65 
8 *8 
S H 
8 ' , — 
Vt 
C h iP n e T 
2 17 
41 
7 7 + , 
2 6 H 
26 U — 
’ 8 
C h k F ult 
12 
3 H 
3 H 
3 *7 — 
" , 
C h ris C f 1 
6 
37 
S U 
5 " , 
S U 
1 8 
C h rC ft pf 
3 
U> ? 
U ' 7 
14"? A 
Vt 
C h ro m a l 
84 
7 
27 
16' 7 
1 6 ', 
W H A 
H 
C h r o m a p f 5 
I 
73 
73 
73 
A l 
C h ry s le r 
45c 
4 591 
1 9 U 
19*8 
W U A 
Vt 
C h u r c h 6ob 
9 
63 
3 2 U 
3 1' * 
3 1' 8 — 
H 
C in B e ll I 6o 
9 
16 
26 
2 5 ', 
25 *7— i j 
C i n n G E I 64 12 
47 
7 2 H 
22' 7 
22"?— 
C in G p f 
J 
/14o 
SO 
SO 
5o 
* I 
C in G pf 7 44 
M OO 
9o*8 
9 o 'n 
9o*8 + 
"? 
C in G p f 9 52 
(25o 
1o8 U 
1o8 
1o8 
C in M ila I JO 14 
8 
3 7’ 7 
3 7’ . 
37"? 
C itic o rp 
96 
91o54 
79' k 
2 8 *, 
2 9 ', T 
>8 
C itie s S v 
3 
8 653 
6 1'8 
6 o H 
6o U A 
H 
C it/ S R 
47 
1*8 
I H 
I H 
C ify ln v s l 66 
8 
94 
13*8 
13*8 
1 3 * , * 
"8 
C ity ln p f 
7 
2o 
25’ 4 
25 
2 5 " ,+ 
' 8 
C lty h p f I IO 
C l a r k E I 6oa 
67 
1 1*8 l l " . 
1 1*8 
8 75o 
38 
3 7 H 
37 H 
Vt 
C la r k O il 
5o 15 
147 
W H 
18' 8 
W H A I U 
C iv Cl if I 8oa ll 
9 
65' ? 
64*4 
65' 7 A 
] . 
C l e v E l 2 64 
9 
44 
3 3 U 
3 3 H 
S3H 
C lv E I p f 
17 
(2 o o o 1 2 7 '? W 7 H W 
H A 
*8 
C le v e p k 
6o 
6 
•« 
U H 
1 1*8 
1 1*8 
C lo ro x 
52 
9 
1o8 l l " , l l 
11 
— 
'■ 
C lu e )P e a 5o 
5 
66 
9 H 
9 ’ 8 
9 ' , — 
C lu e t lP p f l 
IO 
17*8 
12*8 
12 *8 + 
'8 
C s tS tG s 
5 194 
15*8 
U U 
15 
+ 
Vt 
C s tS G p f I 83 
24 
2 3 U 
2 3 H 
2 3 H A 
Vt 
C o c a B t! 4oa 141535 
9 H 
8 '8 
9 *8 
C o c a C o i 3 o8 
16x 18 1276’ 7 
73 ’ . 
75 *8 + 3 'J 
C o ld w B k 5o 
8 
3 
IS +k 
I S H 
1 5 U + 
"8 
C o le N a f 
6o 
6 
A 
W U 
W H 
W U 
'8 
Coleco 
IO 
171 
7 
A * . 
A U 
Vt 
C d g P a l 
88 
13 
716 
2 5 U 
74 ’ a 
25 
' 8 
C o lg P p f 3 SO 
C o lfin A ik 64 
72oo 
5o 
5o 
5o 
A 
H 
6 
74 n u 
H U 
I I H — " , 
Col I in F 
TO 
6 
17 
7 * . 
7 H 
7 H - 
Col P e n n 
7o 
9 
9 
26*8 
7 6 '. 
26 +8 A 
Vt 
C o lo n is t 1 45 
7 
3 
7 2 * . 
2 2 H 
2 2 H A 
C o M ln d ? 5o 
8 
44 
5 1*8 
51 
S I U 
C o ll p l 
4 25 
6o 
T T H 
72' ? 
72+7 
C o lG a s 
2 24 
8 
167 
29*8 
2 8 H 
28 H 
- 
I J 
Col O s p ts 67 
- 4 
6o U 
6 o *. 
6o H 
C o IG s p ts 48 
3 
5 9 *. 
5 9 H 
5 9 H 
C o lu P lc t 
4 3o8 
I O U 
9 *8 
IO 
+ 
"? 
C ol S O h 
7 2o 
7 
SI 
2 6 *. 
76-'8 
26*8— 
"8 
C o m b C 
o5e 
8 
24 
22*8 
H H 
7 2 'k 
C o m b E n g 
7 IO 
61 
49*8 
4 9 H 
49' , 
*4 
C m E p f I TO 
C m b E q lOr 
I 
44+7 
44( 4 
4 4 '? + I ' J 
13 
144 
2 6 *. 
26' 4 
Z A H A 
C o m w E 2 4o IO 
1o7 
X U 
X U 
X U 
C o m E d A w t 
I 
I O U 
I O " , 
I O U A 
"8 
C o m E p f I 42 
6 
H U 
T I U 
M U ­ 
1/4 
C o m E p l 
2 
6 
24+7 
24' t 
IA ' 7 A 
I , 
C o m E pf 7 37 
I 
28 
28 
28 
A 
C o m E p f 2 87 
C o m W O 
18 
76 
32' 7 
S U 
3 2 'k 
5"? 
32 U 
- 
5 *7— 
'/J 
'/, 
C o m o p f I 77 
13 
1 3 H 
U U 
1 3 * 7 - 
*8 
C o m s a t 
I 
9 
19o 
35 
3 4 H 
35 
+ 
'/. 
C o m p a r 
2o 
C o m p S c i 
9 
39 
3 7 *i 
3 2 U 
32' 7 
IO 
7o 
Z U 
7 H 
7 U A 
C o n A g r 
75 
4 
18 
13*4 
W A * 
W U - 
" , 
C o n e M l I 2o 
4 
77 
24 
23’ , 
23’ , 
C o n g o tm 
6o 
167 
17 
16’ 4 
17 
4 
*1 
C o b n M 
I 6o 13 
25 
17+7 
W U 
W H 
C on r ac 
8ob 
7 
6 
7 4 *7 
2 4 '4 
I J H 4 
' a 
C o n E d 
7 
5 STS 
22*8 
2 2 '. 
22' 7 
C o n E p l 
6 
7 
73' ? 
73' 7 
7 3 '? + 
* i 
C o n E p l 
5 
8 
54 
54 
54 
C o n F d s I 4o a 
154 
2 3 *. 
2 2 H 
7 3 * . 
C o n E p f 4 SO 
28 
65 
64 
64 
I U 
C o n E r g ) 
8o 
Con N G S 7 5o 
7 
12 
22’ , 
22 A . 
22 H 
7 
73 
X U 
J A H 
J A H 
6 396 J I H 
2 1’ > 
2 1 U 
16o 49 
49 
49 
+ 
U 
72o 5 2 '. 
5 2 U 
5 2 ' * - 
H 
I IOO 7 9 '. 
79' a 
7 9 " , 
7 654o 83 
8 2 '. 
83 
+ 
H 
73oo 83' 2 
83 H 
8 3 H + 
H 
12 25 *4 
2 5 H 
2 5 H + 
' • 
8 69* j 
6 9 '. 
69'/4— H 
8 7 H 8 7' ? 
8 7 '7 + 1 
6 U 
6 
A H . 
5 * . 
S U 
S U . 
13' a 13’ . 
1 3 '* + 
H 
5o 
4 9 '. 
4 9 H — H 
C n tlG r p 
2 
9 
9o 
3 6 *. 3 5 '. 
3 6 '.+ ' * 
- 
* 
----------- 
91 
55*4 
55 
55 
- H 
48 
I I H 
1 6 * . 
16*4 
C o n tllR f 
1o8 
2 H 2*4 
2 *4 — U 
C o n t O B I. JO 
81625 
3 4 '. 33' ? 
3 3 U - U 
C o n fO 'lp t 7 
I 9o' j 
9o* j 
9 o H - 1 
C o n fT e l 
I o8 
IO 125 16 
1 5 H 
16 
C o n tlD ta 
ISe 
I IS T 2 2 H 
2 2 '• 
22*4 ♦ 
*4 
C o n w d 2 2o 
8 
3 
3 8 H 3 8 * . 
W H 

C on s P w 
7 
C n P w pf 4 5o 
C n P w p f 4 57 
C n P w p f 7 45 
C n P w p f 7 77 
C n P w p f 7 76 
C n P w p f 2 43 
C n P w pf 5 5o 
C n P w p f 
6 
7 
C on t A ir 
IO 178 
C o n tC o p 
5o 
16 
C l C o p p f I 25 
7 2o 
C on I IC P 2 8o 14 H S 
C n tlG r p 
2 
C o n M C p 2 4o 
8 
C o n t ti P I 28 

 a u ­ la 
+ H 
4 6 * . + H 
1 7 H + H 
2 4 U + U 
2 S U 
2 5 *e — H 
54 
54 
— T H 

 a i ' A 
27 as** + u 
U H .............. 
2 6 H 1 
U 
J 7 H + 
*4 
2 9 '.+ ' • 
W U 
W H * 
U 
13 *4 
14 
A H 
1 7 H + H 
1 5 H + ' • 
*J I H 

C ook U n 
JOI 
7 16 
C o o p r In I o8 l l 
64 
C o o p t a b 2o 9 715 
C o o p T R 
7o 
3 6 
C o p e in d 
68 
8 I 
C o p p R q 
25 
C o p p w 2 4ob 
7 
3 
C o r d u r a lOe U 
8 
C o m o I 52a 13 1o1 
C o u sin s 
C o w le s 
64 16 
C o . B d e ! 
55 
8 
C r a ig 
JO 
3 
C ra n e 
I 2ob 6 
C r e d i t * 
24b 
7 
C r o c k N 16 6 
8 
C r o m p K 
9o 
7 
C r o u H . 
I IO 

C u n n O r g 25 
I 
C o r r in c I O I 
C u rtis W r 6o 
7 
C u r t W A 
7 
C u h e r H I IO 
9 
Tye top I 2oa 
5 
" y p ru s 
I 4o 61 

4 
3 H 
3 H — '» 
42 
4 1*4 
4 1 U + '? 
12 *4 
12 
12 
17 
1 6 U 
I 6 H - ' • 
1 7 H 1 7 H 
1 7 H - *« 
22 
2 1*4 
2 1H — M 
SO 
SO 
SO 
+ H 
J ' 1 
S U 
S H 
. . . 
I O U 
59' 1 
6 o H + 
* i 
11 
1 * » 
1 * » 
I" ? 
. . 
6 
13 
W H 
1 2 H - 
'« 
12 
2 8 *. 28 
2 8 '.+ U 
23 
1 2 * . 12 
1 2 '* + ' 1 
17 
79 H 
29' 4 
2 9 '7 + U 
3o 
I U 
5 *4 
S U 
. . . 
18 w ai 
28 
3o U H 
U H 
U H * 
'A 
I 
2 9 '. W U W H ................. 
C r w n C k 
7 15o 
2 o H 
T O H 
2 o H + *• 
C r w Z e l 
1 8o 1o 274 
4 o *. 
39 U 
4 o U + *1 
C r u m P o 1 56 
9 46 
28 
27 H 
2 7 H + 
' . 
C u lb r o 1.32 
7 12 
2 1 H 
2 1 U 
I I H 
, 
»t 
C u t I iu a " 
44 1o x126 I I H I I H 
I I H 
C u m F n g I 4o 
6 TO l l 
4 7 * . 
4 7 H - 
' . 
C u m E p f / SO 
724o13o 
1 2 9 H 1 2 9 H — 2 ’ 
4 
8 U 8 
I U 
IO 
U H 
U H 
12 *6 — *• 
44 I A U 
16 
16 
— 
' * 
12 27 
M 
26 
- 
U 
61 42 
4 I H 
42 
+ *4 
IS 26 
25 *4 
26 
A 
*1 
46 
2 5 '. 
2 4 H 
2 S U + *» 

I ) 
Kl 
21 
I 
6 U 

DW. 
Ratio (bds) fc ltr a c p I 16 
8 
JO 
28H 2 7U 
E m e r E i 
I 
16 5o6 
3 4 " , 3 3 H 
E m e r y 
I 2o 
18 93 
35 *7 
E m e r y l n 44 
9 27 
I O U 
E m b a r ! I 8o 
7 71o 3 7 H 
E m b a rt p f 
2 
E m p D E I 36 IO 
25 
E m o D p f 5o 
/2 Io 
E m p D p f 92 
74oo 
E m p G a s 4o 
7 
19 
E n g lM C I 2o 9 1o9 
E n n .s B 
32 
5 
13 
E n s e r c h I 72 8 164 
E n te x 
I 2o 
7 145 
E n v r t e c 3oe 9 132 
E q u if a x 
2a 
8 
5 
E q u im r k 88 
7 
4 
E q u i t e s 2 84 
6 
E q u t L f 7 o9e 11 
E s m a r k 1 76 
7 
E s q u ir e 
15 
E s te r lin e 36 
7 

49 
15 *7 
5 H 
IO' > 
22 U 
34 U 
6 U 
28 U 
3o 
33 
27 
1 2 H 

34*4 
IO ' 7 
36*4 
49 
I S H 
S H 
I O U 
22*4 

Clo Net cut 
28 
3 4 '* * 
'1 
3 5 H + '/J i o n u 
3 7 H + *A 
49 
+ '4 
1 5 H 4 
H 
5 V . io n 
27 U * 
34 J . 
34 U + *A 
6 H 
28' 7 
6 ' * — U 
28 *4— U 
29*< 
29 H — U 
3 1 U 
3 2 '. + I U 
26*4 
26*4 
' ? 
1 2 H + 

E t h y l 
I 6o 
6 581 

U H 
_ 
13 
36 H 
36' 7 
3 6 H + ' 
35 
23 H 
2 3 *7 
2 3 H - U 
“ 
3 1 H 
3 1 ' . 
8 *4 
7 * 7 
8 *4 
7 H 
45*4 
E t h y l p f2 4o 
1o4 
59* 
E v a n s P d 6o 8 139 
E v a n s p l I 4o 
E x c e l O I 25 
8 
E x c l s r I 73e 

13 
51 
IS 
6 
26 

3 1' 
8 * 4 ............. 
7 H 
. 
45*? 
4 5 U + - 
1/4 
5 8 H 
59*4 + *k 
13 
+ 
U 
15 
26 

U H 
15 
26 
14 
2o' 7 
2o' 7 
2 o H + 
U 
E x x o n 
2 .15i 
91988 
5 2 H 
S I H 
5 2 *4 + 
' 7 

W U 
W H 
W H A 
H 
34 
A U 
2 1 * * — U 
5 
. . . 

 s *6 17 2 11 
25’ • 
2 4 H 
25H a u 

O P E In c 
D a m o n 
2o 5 7 
47 
D a n R iv 
48 
5 
33 
7U 
8H 
7 ' 4 
B H 
O a n a C p 
97 
9 115 
2 6 U 
26»k 

4 U 
" , 
7 U — U 
I H A 
' 1 
2 6 '.A * 7 
3 3 ' * - I U 

23 
31 
S * . 
3 o U A 
' . 
J I H 
2 1 H 
2 1H 
A 
' * 
I H 
B H 
I H A 

D a r t ln d lb 
I 72 M n 
33 
D a n p f 
2 l l 37 
3 6 H 
3 6 H 
D a 'a G e n 
2o 
W 
4 3 * . 4 1 U 
D a y c o 
5ob 
$ W U H 
U H 
D a y lM d I 2o 
9 77 3 5 H 
O a y t P L I 66 
9 I U W H 
D e e r . 
I IO 
7 577 W U 
D e l M o n I SO 
7 M W H 
D e l m a P I 2o 
9 95 U 
D e lla A ir 
TO 
I 526 3 2 *. 
D e l tee la 
W 
7 H 
D e lta n a 
11 
4 U 
D e n n M t I 24 
7 IS 2 5 U 
D e n n y s 
44 
9 41 J O H 
D e n tsp! y 8o 
U IO 2 7 U 
D e s o to 
6o 
9 39 U H 

43 
A I U 
U H 
3 5 *. 
W H — 
U 
M 
U - Vt 
W H + 
U 
W H + 
'1 
U U - ' I 
32' 7- 
' 1 
7 H . . . . 
4*. 
25 U + h 
JO * 

F M C 
I l l 
91 
I 
2 5 *, 
2 5 H 
2 5 '? - 
Vt 
F M C p f 2 25 
9 
X " . 
36' k 
3 A U — 
Vt 
F a b r g e 
4o 
8 
59 
8 H 
8*8 
8 "? . 
F a b ri C lr 2o 
6 
21 
S H 
8 
S U 
F a c e t E n t l l 
I 
6 
A 
A 
A 
'n 
F a i r C a m 8o IS 
714 
3 3+, 
3 2 " , 
B 
A 
H 
F a i r l n d 
X 
9 
76 
9 U 
9 A . 
9 U 
F a i r m t F 68 
7 
9 
I I H ll " ? ll " ? 
F r W s t F n 
7 
8 
9 " , 
9 " , 
9 *4 
F a r a h M f 
44 
S H 
5 " , 
5 H + 
F e d d e r s 
38 
178 
6 ’ 4 
A 
A " , 
F e d r lC o I 6o 
5 
o 
7 6 " , 
2 6 " , 
T A H — 
" , 
F d M o g 
I 4o 
6 
25 
W U 
22"? 
W U — 
" , 
F e d N M t 
I 
6 8oo 
U U 
16*8 
I A H 
F e d P a B d 
9o 5 
3o 
18’ ? 
18 '8 
1 8 " ,— 
+8 
* P a p pf I 15 
M O 
25 
25 
25 
A l " , 
= P a p p f l X 
3 
27'7 
22’ ? 
22"? . 
F d S ig n i 
I 
7 ie 
1 7 " . 
17 
I Z U 
F e d D S I I 46 13 
199 
4 3 " , 
4 2 H 
43 
F e r r o 
I 25 
8 
9 
3 1U 
31 
S I U A 
H 
F ib r e b r d 
7o 
9 
S U 
9 
A u 
F i d F i n 
X 
5 
I 
6 U 
A U 
A U 4 
F id e lU n 7 JO 
7 
IO 
3 4 *, 
34’ 4 
3 4 " , 
F ie ld e r s ! la 
6 
14 
X 
W U 
W H A 
" , 
F iltr o l 
7 
5o 
1 3 H 
1 3 * . 
W U A 
F in S a n B 48 
4 
7o 
17*k 
1 7' I 
1 7 A .+ 
F in l F e d 
SO 
6 
97 
W H 
19 
W H A I U 
F ir e s tn L I O 12 229 
2 1U 
H H 
J I H A 
H 
F s iC h a r 8o1 
6 337 
U H 
I J H 
U H 4 
Vt 
P s i C h ic 
96 
8 
124 
X " , 
W H 
X " , A 
H 
F I Bn T e x 
I IO 
U 
32’ . 
32*4 
3 2 + ,— 
" , 
F S I In B n I 2o IO 
52 
W U 
38 
38 
— 
F s tM is s 
36 17 4o4 
1 6 * , 
1 5 * . 
I A H 4- 
"? 
F s l N B O I 88 
8 r n 
79 
28 
28"? A 
H 
F t N S I B n 
7 
9 i 
2 5 *. 
2 5 *. 
25 H A 
' » 
F S I P a 
I 32 IO 
63 
I A U 
I A H 
1 6 * . A 
F t P a M t q 
36 
7 ’ 7 
2 * , 
2 H - 
'n 
F s l U n R i 
I 
14 
IO 
W H 
I I H 
1 2 " , 
F s t V a B k 
45 IO 
27 
A H 
6"? 
6 H 
F W is C p I 76 
8 
14 
W "? 
W U 
22’ 7 A 
" , 
F is c h M I X 
9 
8? 
28 
7 7 * . 
28 
4 
" , 
F t s h F d s 
6o 6 
35 
13 
W U 
13 
4 
Vt 
F is h rS c i 
28 
6 
25 
1 3 H 
W H 
W H + 
F le e t E n ! JO 12 726 
14 
W H 
14 
F le m in q 
8o 
8 
6 
I A U 
I A U 
I A H 4 
" , 
F l e x iV a n X W 
9o 
W H 
W H 
W H A 
'/? 
F lin lk o l I 16 17 
27 
W U 
W A . 
W H A 
" , 
F lin t p f 4 5o 
/SIO 
78 ’ 7 
77 
78 u 
F lin t p f 2 25 
I 
3 9 ', 
3 8 *. 
38 " , 
H 
F i a E C s f 
19 
19 
X U 
B ' s 
33’ , - 
" , 
F la G a s I 2o 
8 
63 
2 3 '. 
T T H 
23 
- 
'a 
F l a P w L I 56 11 
4o2 
25’ ? 
2 5 " , 
2 5 " , 4 
F la P o w 2 7o 9 
72 
2 9 *. 
2 9 H 
2 9 U A u 
F lu o r C p 
I 
9 
67 
B U 
B ' ? 
B U 
F d F a i r 
X U 
146 
7 
A ’ 7 
7 
+ 
H 
F o o t e C B 
I 
8 
5 
I S " . 
IS 
15 U A 
H 
F o r d M 3 X 
6 777 
57 U 
5 A *. 
SI U I 
H 
F o r M c K 
I 
7 
7o 
I A H 
I A H 
I A H 
F M X p f I X 
16 
2 6 '. 
2 A H 
2 A H 
*8 
F t D e a r I 24 
U 
15' 8 
U H 
U H 
F t H o w P 
72 W 
79 
3 A H 
36' a 
3 A H 
*8 
F o s W h 
I X 
8 
74 
3 9 '. 
39 
39 
F o x b o ro 1 X 9 
48 
48 
47 
48 
4 I " , 
F r n k in M 74 
8 
111 
24*4 
24 
2 4 H 4 
" 7 
F r e e p M I 6o 
9 279 
2 7 U 
2 7 H 
2 7'? 
Vt 
F r iq tr n 
1oe 3) 
167 
H U 
21 
2 1*4 + 
' , 
F r u e h i 
I BO 
7 
67 
79' 7 
29’ , 
2 9 " , 
F u a u a 
36 
7 
166 
IO ' ? 
I O U 
IO "? A 
H 

3 A F C p 
6o IO 

— S i 

63 
1 1 *4 
H H 
I I H 
G A F p f 
I X 
6 
18 
18 
IS 
G A T X 
I X l l 
7o 
29 H 
79' I 
2 9 H 
G A T X p f2.5 o 
I 
J I ’ 7 
4 1 *7 
J I H 
G C A C p o5e 19 
17 
8 
Z U 
8 
+ 
"» 
G F B u s n 
32 
16 
5 H 
5 H 
S H 
G a b le ln d 
IO 
5 *4 
S U 
S U 4 
G a m S k I JO 
5 216 
74 
73 U 
73 U 
- u 
G a m s p f I 6o 
I 
74 ' I 
2 4 *7 
24"? A 
'? 
G a n n e t! 
I 16 
19 
35 
3 4 *. 
34 V 
H 
G a p S trs 2oe 
8 
18 i o n 
I O " . 
IO '? A 
* , 
G a rd D e n 76 IS 
W I 
W H 
1 8 U 
I S H 
G a rfin k I o4 
I 
5 
14*4 
U U 
U U 
G a s S v t I TO 
9 
13 
W U 
W H 
W U 
G a te w y 
15e 
J 
14 
8 
Z U a 
G e a rh r t 
TO 12 
177 
7 7 ? 
27 
2 7 ' 7 4 
H 
G e m in C a p 
7 
I S H l e u 
1 8 ',+ 
H 
G a m in I 2oa 
I 
I S H 
15' 7 
15"? + 
" , 
G A l n v I W e 
17 i o n i o n 
IO"? A 
" , 
G o A m O 
1b 16 
61 
591 . 
SS 
5 8 *. 4 I 
G en B a n c 8o 8 
17 
13"? 
13*8 
I S H ­ 
'/, 
I G n C a b le 72 IO 
55 
I I H 
I I H 
U H 
G C in m a 
68 
8 
16 
2 4 U 
24+7 
2 4 U A 
" , 
G e n D e v i 
6 to 
S H 
S U 
5 H 
G e r iD y n 
6 237 
5 A H 
55 U 
5 A U + 
G e n E f 
I X 12 
7o9 
5 1 " . 
W M 
5 1 " , 4 
H 
G n F o o d I 64 
9 
197 
3 1’ ? 
3 1 ', 
3 1 H + 
G n G th I 3kr X 
6 
W ' 7 
2 2 " . 
I S H ­ 
Vt 
G en H o s t 
X 
9 l l ' . l l 
I I 
Gen In s ! 
W t 15 
186 
X U 
W H 
TO 
+ 
Vt 
G n ln s tr p l 3 
2 
3 7' ? 
3 7 H 
3 7 V 
' I 
G e n M e d 
X IO l l 
W U 
18 ’ , 
19 
A 
G m M il ls 76 13 
156 
2 8 H 
28 U 
2 8 H A 
" , 
G n M o t 5 SOe 
71o 4 7 
Z I * , 
Z O U 
71 H 4 
H 
G M o t p !3 75 
1o4 
5 4 '. 
S3' ? 
S 3 U + 
H 
G M O ) pf 
5 
463 
7 2 U 
72 
7 2 U A 
V . 
G e n P o r t 
X 
39 
Z U 
T H 
7 H 
G P U 
16 8 
8 253 
I S H 
18 ' 7 
H u e n R e fr 
Ioe 44 
I 
Z U 
Z U 
Z U 4 
G n S iq n l I o4 13 
35 
S I U 
SOH 
S I Vt 4 I 
G en Steel 
6 
8 
A U 
A " , 
A " , 4 
VB 
G T e l E I 
7 
9 586 
29' ? 
2 9 U 
79 ' ? 
G T I E I p f 2 X 
I 
35 
35 
35 
G TI E l p f 2 48 
U 
X U 
M n 
— 
G T i re 
I 2ob 
6 
W A 
2 A H 
2 6 '. 
2 6 '? A 
" , 
Geneseo 
X 
53 
5 ’ 7 
S H 
S H A 
V 
G e n s ta r I X 
5 
I 
W U 
2 7 '. 
W U ­ 
U 
G e n u P tS 9o IS 
57 
3 2 H 
3 2 H 
S I H 4 
Vt 
G a P a c 
8ob IS 
245 
3 2 H 
3 1U 
3 2 H + 
J, 
G a P w p f 2 5? 
15 
77 U 
2 7 ' , 
27 U 
G a P w p f? 75 l l 
29 
W H 
29 
G a P w pf 7 72 
M M 
64 
8 3 U 
84 
G e rb e r 
I X 
9 
SO 
28’ 7 
W H 
M U 
G e tty O 2 7oe 14 
33 
198 
195"? 
W 6+7— 1 U 
G e U O o f l X 
4 
18 
IS 
18 
G ia n t P C 
X 
8 
16 
9 * , 
9 ' 4 
9 *4 
G 'b r F in 
5 $35 
9 U 
9 H 
9 H A 
Vt j'C k lL e w JO W 
73 
9 U 
9 H 
9 , 4 
H 
G iffd M ill 
X 
6 
87 
I S H 
U H 
H H 
V 
G ille tte I SO IO X 5 
26' ? 
I A U 
T A H jin o s ln c 
7 l l 
I z n 
T u ­ 
" , 
G ie a s W 
29e IO 
U 
I I H 
I I H l l H A 
" , 
G U b M a r 
94 
Z U 
Z U 
T U ­ 
' • 
G lo b e U n I X 
7 
73 
3 1 U 
J I 
S I ’ , 4 
G o ld W p f 78 
3 l l 
IS 
18 
- u 
G o o d rh I 17 79 
IJJ 
M U 
T Z A . 
7 7 V - 
" , 
G o o d y r I IO 12 W 
X U 
W H 
X U A u 
G o t J w i A 4o 
6 
17 
H A . 
H U 
H U . 
G o u ld 
I I? 
9 
747 
J O H 
X U 
W H A 
G o u ld p f I 35 
2 
I O U 
X U 
X V 
- 
", j r a c e 
I 7o 8 314 
2 9 H 
T B H 
2 9 * , A 
*. jr a in g e r 36 15 
IO 
78 
I / * , 
M 
A 
H 
G r a n d U n 
I 
7 l l 
71 
I I 
21 
G r a n ifv l 
X 
5 
7 
W H 
W U 
W U 
G r a y D r g X 
5 
I 
1 7 + , 
1 7 " , 
I T * .A U 
G I A tt P a c 
18 
133 
HH 
I O U 
( I H A u 
G i N o lr I SOe W 
13 
26' ? 
2 6 *. 
2 6 * , - 
GI N o N x 1.1o I 
16 
29 
MH 
W U A 
V 
G iW n F t n » 
7 
3oo 
2 2 * , 
W H 
W H A 
G tW s tU td 
2 
139 
W H 
H U 
H U A I 
G tW n p f l 8 8 
9 
H U 
W H 
I I 
A 
' » 
G r G ia n t I o6 27 
25 
19 
I A U 
U U — Vt 
G r G t p t I 76 
42 
I A H 
26’ ? 
U H ­ 
I U 
G re y h I o4a 
6 M I 
U H 
U H 
U H 
G re y h n d w t 
26 
I U 
I U i n 
­ 
' , trover 
6 6 
I H 
I H i ’ 7 
G r urn rn 
X 
5 
45 
IIH 
1 8 *. 
I I H u 
G u a r d ln 
X 
7 
2 
15 
IS 
IS 
A 
" , 
G u lfW s tn 
66 J 489 
U H 
U H u n z lf W in d w i 
287 
I U 
I U 
I U 
G llW p t 3 67 
3 
Z I '? 
T I U 
7 1 " , 4 
* , 
G lfW p f 2 SO 
9 
JA 
J S U l l 
4 
", 
G l f L f H l d to ti 
U S 
W U w 
1 2 ', 4 
' • 
G u lfM lg 
135 
I 1* 
3 
I 
- 
G illf Q i I 
I X 
7 W W 
JO 
2 9 H 
29H 4 
" , 
.U H R e s 
I 
9 
SO 
I I H 
I T H 
I T U ­ u 
G u ltR p f J X 
A 
W * . 
2 2 H 
TT U * 
J , 
G U H R p f I X 
77 
73 
22 U 
23 
G D S !U t I W 
8 7o9 
W U 
W H 
W H 4 
" , 
G u lto n 
o5c 
IO 
23 
S H 
S H 
S V A u 
W H 
27 H 
2 7 ' . 
U H 
3 J H 
7 * 7 
4 H 
2 5 *. 
W U 

D e l B d ls I 45 
9 x 42o I S H 
D e t E p f 5 SO 
O e t E p f 7 68 
D e t E p f 7 45 
D e t E p l 7 TS 
D e E p f B T 7S 
D e * ter 
8o 
9 
D i G io r q (We 
I 
D i a lF m l 
TO 
6 
D ia m In t 
7 
9 
D i a m M I 72t 6 

 a 
66 y J IO t i vSO 
77 xJO 

7 7 ' 7 
J 7 U A 
U H 
U H — 
I S H 
I S H - 
64*4 
64*4 

W ' 
W H a su ai* 
7 
6 H 

 g ta m Sh I IO 9 147 ta p f D I JO 
33 
O i c k A B 
2o 
U 
3S 
D ic ta p h n 64 12 
54 
D ie d o id 
SO 
9 
2o 
D i g iia iE q 
W 1I2 9 
D illm g m 
52 
6 
7o 
D i'in g m p f? 
I 
D illo n 
I o6b 13 
5 
D is n e y 
16 16 487 
D iv r s t d ln 
. . 
IS 
D i v r s M t g 
U 
D r P e p p f 
44 141559 
D n m e M 8oa 16 
42 
D o n L u J 
W e 
7 
I 
D o rm e lly 66 IO 
D o r O I iv 
Ile 
S 

13 
W H 
1 **4 w u s 
7 H 
U H 
U H 
42' 7 
I I H 
7 7 H 
3 2 '. 
WH 
I n 
I U u n 

( O U R 
7 7 ' 7 - 1 
2 7 H - 
J 7 U 
2 7 * 4 - 
2 3 H + 
I 
A 
W U — 
W H A 
W H A 

U * 4 
W H 
W H 
M * 4 
34*4 
3 1 H 
S I H 
T U 
W H 
I I H 
41 l l ' 7 
W H 
37 
3 7 H 
I U 
I U ll 
4 9 * . 
46*4 
I U 
J U 

T H ' 
W 
- 
I I H 
47 i 
I I H 1 
2 7'e - 
J3H 
W H ' 
I n 
1*4 n u 
49 - 
3u 

 rsey 
8 . 1 

 a 5 

Ch' 
I l l 979 
D o w Jo n 1 16 16 
22 
D r e v o 
1o 5 I 
IS 
2 S U 
D re s s e r 
K 
I H 
I 
3 7 ' . 
O r e * Bd I 44 
W 
17 
D r e y fu s SSe 
6 
37 
T U 
A u P o n t 
S 14 3o7 WO 
4 
I 

24 
T T H 
T T H 
T T H 
It1 

S ' - 

J O * . 

16' 
W H 
36 
37 
P24 H 

U U 
W H 

3o 
S ' 
3 7' • 
J 7 H 
I I H 
17 

U 
2 S s p f 
T C I C a r * 
C IM t g G p 
4 
! IR M to v 
W 
J IT F in 7 4o 6 
26 
C L A S p f W k 
4 
C ir Arn 
M 
S W 
' M l l n v 
4 W 
C N A F m i 
18 1o3 
C N A p fA I IO 
S 
CNA I 1o8a 
I 
CPC Int J I t IN 
CfSCp to 
7 44 
‘ rn 
T a b o te 
I ID I 
24 
4/ . 

D u k e P 
I 6o 
D u k e p f 6 TS 
D u k e p f I TO 
U S O 
D u k e p f I TD 
I S8 
D u k e p f 2 69 
T 
• • j D u n B r o I o4 14 
SS 
D u q L t g I 77 IO IO: 
U 
I D u g p f A 2 IO 
IU j D u g p tG 2 IO 
1171 
D u q pf 
2 TS 
76o 
U 
I D u tc h B y 
U W 
4 
I D v m .if n 
44 
T 
I# 

EGAD 
E M H .I 
We 
E S y s l 
I 6of> 
E a g le P I 36 
E e S ttiC p 7s 
E ast A ir 
E a s t G s F 
8o 
F ast U t) I 4o f a s k d I 6oa I6 I1 W 
F a w n 
J I I M 
Ec h tm 
68 I I 
63 
E l k rd j k 46 IT 
44 
E d < s B r o I 2o 8 
63 
E d w r d s 95a 
4 
J 
E lP a s o 
I IO S I J I ! 
E H A s s t 
E D S 
6o U 
7 
H M . - M , 
] ■ 
K I M M p f Ik 
E l g m N a l 
I 
I 
E l 4 .r i n d 
6 

7 H 
T H - 
„ 
129' j U o H ' 
1o *4 
S O U 
S O U 
6 4 H 
6 4 H 
6 4 H 
9 1 36 
21 
JO* 7 
T O H 
I 
( T H 
I T H 
I T H 
U S O 1o8J 4 IOO loo*4 
8 § U 
W H 

 i t 

STRICTLY BUSINESS 
OH. 

P E Sales H 
Ratio (M s) 

SAN ANTONIO EXPRESS— Friday March I I 1977 

Clo Not 
Ch*. 

O n e id a aa 8 
7 
O p e lik a 
84 
7 
6 
O r a n R k I 36 
8 
35 
O ra n g e 
2ob 16 241 

O u tle t C o 8o 
8 
O v e r n it T 9o 
7 
O v e r Sh 
3ob 
7 
O w e n C n 
I 13 
O w e n iil 7 17 
8 
O x f r d ln d 76 
7 

‘ W h e t h e r i t ’ s b l u e b e r r y o r a p p l e is n o t r e l e v a n t , A r g y l e ! 

Dlv. 
P I Salts M 
Ratio (M s) 
Clo Not 
Chg. 

 id e a l B a I 2o 
9 
49 
21' * 
Id e a T o y 
32b 5 l l 
7 H 
IliP o w r 2 » ll 
61 
2 6 U 
I (P o w p f 2 21 
?15o 
29' j 
II P o w p f 4 47 
/IO O 
54 
IT W 
56 U 
8 
Im p lC p A 24 
5 174 
I N C O I 4oa 
17 463 
Inc C a p 
In c C C u ase in d iM p f 7 o8 
In d iM p f8 68 
In d iM p f 17 in d iG a s 7 1? 

21 
21 
7 *4 
7 H A U 
26 
? 6 U 
W H 
79' 7 A 
H 
54 
54 
* j 
2 3 H 
2 3 H 
2 3 H 
16 
I S H 
I S H 
3 o H 
3o 
J O H 
5 
7 H 
7 ’ . 
7 H 
17 
I O * * 
9 H 
9 r'rt- 
’ * 
74ooo 7 9 '* 
78 ' i 
7 9 '* + H 
7 1ooo 9 5 H 
95' 7 
95' ?— 
' * 
72o 119 ' 7 1 1 9 'j 1 1 9 * i 
3 
26’ « 
26 
2 6 '» A 
In d p lP L I 9o IO 
194 2 4 H 2 4 U 
2 4 H a 
*4 
In d lN a t I 2o 
7 
26 1 6 H 
16 
16’ * 
’ . 
In e x c o O 
74 
7o9 2 o U 
W H 
2o *? 4 
U 
In q e r R 
2 8o 14 
115 7 3 H 
7 2 H 
7 3 U A 
'r 
In q R pf 7 35 
15 
48 H 
4 7 U 
4 7H — I 
2 7*4 
2 7 H 
27 H — * * 
48 
47 H 
47 H — U 
22' 7 
7 1 *4 
M U A I U 
U U 
W 

 iq R pf 
In ln d C o n 
I 
8 
5 
In ln d S tl 2 6o 
9 IOO 
In m o n t 
8o 92317 
In silco 
88 
7 
75 
In sp C o p 
669 13 
Inst In v T r 
11o 
In le q o n 
36 
7 
33 
In te rc o 
I 66 
7 
31 
In fe r la k 2 2o 
5 
14 

26*4 
1 H 
IO ' 7 
39' 

25*4 
1'/4 
1o*4 
38*4 

14 *4 A 
U 
26* 4 A I 
I * 7 — VS i o u 
39 
- M 
3 5 H - 
U 
35 H 
35' ? 
. 
I B M 
IO 181426 
2 8 4 H 2 7 8 H 2 8 3 H a 4*1 
I n t F l a v F 
4,1 
19 746 
W H 
W H 
W H A 1, 
I n t H a r v I 85 
6 646 
33 H 
3 7’ * 
In tM in C 7 4o 
6 772 
4? ' 4 
4 1H in tM n g 
2o 
8 
8? 
I n fM u tli 
85 
7 
6 
In I P a p e r 
2 IO 284 
In tR e c tif 
2o 
I 
I n l T T 
I 76 
9 839 
5 
41 
3 
285 

 ie 
18 
5 6 '* 
5 U 
32’ < 

U H 
U H 
55' 7 
S H 

33 
42’ * 
17*4 
U H a 
56 
S H 

M I T T p f J 4 
I n t T T p f K 4 
I n l T T p fo 5 
I n t T T p f 2 25 
I n lT T p f4 5o 
In trp c e I 65 
I n t r p G p I 6o 
I n t r s P w I 45 
I n P w p f2 28 
In trs t U n 
74 23 
32 
6 H 
Io w a B f 
4 
79 
25* lo w a E l 
I 4o 9 
Io w a I IG I 8* 
9 
7 lo w ll I p f 2 31 
/IOO l O w a P l 7 IO 
9 
17 lo w a P S I 8o IO 

S I H 
3 
1 u 
55' 7 
5 5 *7 55' ?— H 
54' ? 
5 3 H 5 4 * .— U 
63 
62' 7 
62' ?— 
* . 
3 8 H 
38' 7 3 8 H + 
U 
IO 
6o 
5 9 H 6o 
A 
' . 
7 
4 29’ * 
7 9 H 2 9 H A 
M 
7 
28 33 
32+4 3 2 * 4 - 
U 
9 
12 17*4 
U H 1 7 ’ . A 
U 
78oo 
2 5 H 
2 5 ** 2 5 H - s* 
6 H 
6 ’ 7— U 
2 4 *y 
2 5 '4 + Ai 
16*4 
1 6 H 
22 * 
2 2 H A h 
27 
27 

Ip c o H s p 
o5e 9 ile k C p 
23 ifp l C o 
3o 
6 

J a m e s F 
8o IO 
79 
J a n tie n 
8o 
6 
8 
J a p a n F 
98r l l 
J e lf P ilo l 
8o l l 
82 
J e r C p t 
4 
?13o 

16*4 
7 2 H 
27 
2 5 H 
2V 7 
S' 7 
16' 7 
U H 

I6H 
17 
SH 
3o' 7 
45 

2 5 H 
25*4 
2 1*4 
2 1*4 

U S O 
91 

S H 
16 
13 *4 

1 6 '* 
1 6 H 
S H 
3o 
4 4' 7 
9o 

Vt 
5 U 
16 *4 A Vs 
14' * A 
* , 

1 6 *4 
17 
- 
S H 
J O H - 
45 
91 
Je r C p f 8 12 
J e r C p f 7 88 
1 9o 
88*? 
8 8 H 
8 8 H + U 
Je r C p f 13 5o 
7 IO 1 2 8 H 1 2 8 H IT S ’ 7 + I ' 
J e w e lC 
I 3o 
8 97 24 H 
24 
24Ar a 
U 
Je w e fc o r 
8 12 4 
4 
4 
J h n M a n I 4o 17 393 
31+4 3 1 U 
3 1 H * 
V. 
Jo h n s Jn la 2o 34o 
7o'4 69 
7 o U A 
U 
Jo h n s E F 8o 11o 74 
1 1*4 l l l l 
Jo h n C n I 4o 
9 55 35 
3 4 *. 
35 
* . 
J o n L o g n 2 33 6 
4o 
1 3 H 13 *4 
W H A 
U 
J o n L a u p f 5 
?12o 
58 
56 
58 a 2' 
Jo rg e n 
I 6 
3 
71 
21 
21 
Jo s fe n s 
K l IO 253 
2o' / 
2 o * . 
T O H 
J o y M fq I 3o 12 
Ju s h c e M 
43*4 
42*4 
43A4 A Ai 
2 
.7 
7 
+ U 

K a is r A l I 2o 
17 59 
36 
K a is C e m 5o 
IO 93 l l * * 
K a iC e p f 2 5o 
I 
K a u (‘ M i I 
28 
5 
8 k a n e b 
I l l 197 
K C t y P L 2 46 
9 22 k C & D u ln lr 
8 IO 

W H 36' 4 
VI 
U H A 
3 1' 7 
3 1 '? 
3 1 '? + 
9 H 
9 * . 
9 H + 
33’ ? O H ­ 
M 'S 29*4 + 
_ 
3 2 H 
33 
+ 
K c s o u p f 
1 / w o ta 
1? 
12 k a n G E I I 
76 8 
53 2 1 H 
7 1 H 
21 

34 
29*4 
33 

K a n N b 
I 48 
8 
K a n P L I I 7o 
8 
K a t y t n d 
K a t y p f I 46 
K a u !B r 
o6e U 133 
K a u ! p f l 5o 
I 
K e e n e 
3o 
7 l l 
K e lle r 
2o 7 
6 

76 
2 3 '* 
79 
2o Ak 
21 
7 

I U * 
T T H 
23 
- 
T O H 
T O H — 
B H 
8 
8 
I I H 
T I U 
2 1 H + 
V ? 
7 H 
7 * » 
18 
18 
IS 
IO' ? 
I O * * 
! o H ~ 
9 ' 4 
9 U 
9 ' . — 

Dlv. 

M e n a sr 
HO a 
M e r c S tr 
SO 8 

M e r e d ith 8o 
5 

M e s P p f ! 6o 
M e s a b i I l i e 8 
M e s ta 
1 SOe 
6 
M G M lr 
7 
M e tr o m I IO 
6 
M I E p fC 3 9o 
M c h G s I 2ob 
8 
M h W i p f? 67 
M h W i p f 2 I? 
M ic r o w v 4o ll 
M id C fi 
I 16 
9 
M id S U t I 38 
9 
M id ln d M 
M id i R o I 6o 
7 
M ile s L h I 28 
8 
M ill B ra d 6o 
7 
M in n G s I 77 
8 
M in M M I Y ) 17 
M i n n P L I 76 
8 
M ir r o A I 
96 11 

M o P tC e I (O 
8 
M o P S v lb 
8 
M O P S p f? 44 
M o b il 
3 8o 
8 
M o b ile H 
M o h a s c o 9o 
7 
M o h k D t a 
2o 
M o h k R 
I 2o 4 
M oi y e p I 2o 
V 
M o ly p l 2 5o 
M o n rh I 2oa 
5 
M o n o a r 
28 
6 
M o o r § q 
2o 76 
M o n s a n 7 8o 
8 
M o n D U 2 4o 
8 
M o n P w I 8o IO 
M o n is t I 8oa 
M O N Y 
96e 13 
M o o r e M 
I 
5 

E S a le , 
H 
L 
C lo M at 
H A (fid s ) 
C h g . 

1/6 
I J 
/ / H ti 
+ 
• i 
5 
4o*4 
J O U 
J O H 
613 se 
5 7 'a 
5 7 n a 
Vt 
3 
I B H 
18+8 
1 8 H 
732 
W H 
W U 
W H A 
** 
323 
3 4 U 
3 3 *. 
33 H 
36 
35' ? 
35 
3 5 " . 
287 
I O U 
I O * , i o n 
17 
23+? 
23’ . 
2 3 H - 
"> 
W3 
1 7 H 
1 7' 7 
1 7 U A 
27 
79 
2 8 *. 
29 
— 
'( 
ISO 
42 
42 
47 u 
I S H 
1 5 *. 
1 5 U — 
U l l 
29 
29 
29 
A 
5 
25*8 
2 5 ', 
25 . 
' i 
AA 
24' 4 
2 3 H 
24 
A 
Vt 
33 
17 
I A H 
I A H A 
*4 
28o 
I A U 
16*8 
1 6 " , 
H 
34 
I ’ 7 
I" 7 
I H A 
'I 
9 t v n 
29 * , 
79 >. A 
3oo 
2 5 *. 
2 5 '» 
2 5 ' , - 
I . 
32 
W H l l *4 
12 
Vt 
I 
W U 
72 *4 
2 2 U A 
H 
55o 
S I H 
51 
51 H A 
H 
69 
2 7'a 
71 *8 
T I U A 
"k 
5 
W U 
W H 
1 2 '.+ u 
7 7 
17*8 
17 
17 
3o3 
44' 7 
J J U 
44' 7 4 
4 
M U 
78 " b 
T B H 
"/ 
X 
I A U 
I A U 
I A U 
15 
76 
76 
76 
345 
A B H 
68 
A S H + 
Vt 
794 
3 U 
3 
3' 8 
'? 
63 
15 '4 
15 
15 
- 
72 
A H 
6 
A H A 
" , 
A 
77 * a 
W H 
2 2 * , 
38 
47 
4 6 '4 
47 
A i j 
I 
55 
55 
55 
- 
4 
25 * , 
7 5 H 
7 5 U + 
IV 
14 
W H 
I i 
78 ll U 
H H 
H U 
3 77 
TA’ , 
76 ’ 4 
7 A H A 
Vt 
A 
39' ? 
3 9 H 
39' ? A u 
371 
74 
24 H 
2 4 * , 

4? 
M o r g a n 
J IO 254 
M o t K n u I IO 
5 

37 
22 •« 
72 
39 
I O U 
IO *k 
4 6 ** 
45 H 
5 1 * . 
5 o U 
2 S H 
2 5 H 
T S U A 
I O * . 
I O * . 
I O U 
3 H 
2o 
3 * 4 
2o ’ * 
3 H 
2o' 4 A 

4 
M o rs e S h 5o 
4 
79 
M t g T r A m 
IO 
M o t N o r 
88 
6o 
M o to r o la 84 
15 266 
46' 7 4 5 H 
46' ? 
M I F u e l . 
7 l l 
136 
4 1 *7 41 
41 
M IS IT e l I 88 
9 98 
M I S I T o t r f 
TI 
M u n fo r d 
4o 
5 
7 
M u n fd pf 4o 
2 
M u n s n g I o8 
12 17 
M u r p h C I 2o 
7 73 
M u r p O il 
8o 
7 
M u r r y O I 2o 
8 
M u H O m I 37 
M v e r s L 

2 2 H A +* 
IO ’ * 
46' * * 
V 
5 1 H 

5 
6 
4o 34 179 

N C R 
8o IO 387 
N L In d 
I 2o 
9 25o 
N U T 
76 
7 1o2 
N V F 
7 451 
7 
57 
N a b is c o 2 5? IO 
81 
81 
5 

K e l l o g g I 1o 
U 1 7 7 2 4 ** 
2 3 H 
74 
K e U w d 
8o 
5 
6 U A . 
U H 
U A | 
K e n n m ll 
96 
IO 164 24 U 
2 4 * . 
2 4 H 
* . 
K y U b l 
1 84 
8 
24 22+• 
22' * 
2 2 U 
K e r r G Is 
4o 
5 9o U A , 
U U 
U U — 
U 
K e r r M c I 25 
13 38o 69 
68 
6 8 * o - 
A* 
K .d d e W I 2o 
6 45 7V 7 
? 7 + . 
? 7 H 
K id d e p ie * 
2 
4 7' ? 
47 
47 
— I 
K im b C I 2 TO 
8 164 
4 3 U 
4 3 '? 43H a 
' . 
K in g D S f 
6o 
8 
27 
1 2 * . 
12 
W H 
K irs c h 
9o 15 
7 7 
15 
U H 
IS 
3 4 * . 3 4 H 
3 4 H + 
H 
I S H 
15 ’ k 
1 5 * . A 
U 
K o p p e rs 
9o 
9 118 74 U 
2 3 H 
24’ . a 
*-. 
K o p p rp t 
4 
I IOO 
5 3 '? 
53' ? 
53' ? 
I 
K o r a c r p 
4 65 
7 ' » 
6 '? 6*4 
U 
K r a ft 
2 32 
9 286 
4 5 '* 
4 4 '. 4 5 H + 1 
K re s g e S 
37 162616 
33' 1 
32' ? 
J 3 H + ’ 1 
K ro g e r 
I 44 
7 66 
2 6 U 
2 S H 2 6 '* 
K u b o ta 
42r 
73 
2 
2 4 '« 
7 4 H 74 '■ 
K v s o r 
6o 
1,3 l l 
1 6 * . 
U H U H - 
H 

N a lC O C h 
96 15 
N a rc o S c i 6o 8 
N a s h u a C 68 IO 
N a t A ir i 
5o T I 
91 
N A v i a 
77e 
24 
N a tC a n 
57 
6 
32 
N C a n pf I SO 
2 
N I Ch e m 
48 11 
14 
N t C i t y L 45e 
7 
8 
N a t D e t r I 57 
6 
45 
N a tD is t I 6o 
7 171 
N D is t p f4 25 
I IO 
N a t F G 2 16 
6 
31 
N I F G p f 2 3o 
57 
N a t G y p I o5 IO 111 
N a lH o m 
26 
N a tln d 
3o 
4 
56 
N I In d p f 6o 
3 
N I In d p f I 25 
I 
N M d C r 
o9e I ! 265 
N M e d E 
4o 
6 
24 
N M m e S v 5o 12 
12 
N a lP r s lO 
2 
7 135 
N IS e m ic 
17 5o9 
N SVC Iu d 82 
8 
57 
N S 'a n d 1 o4 
8 
18 
N S ta r c h I o8 13 
43 

K n ig t R d 
72 ll 
17 
K o m r in SOe 
6 
89 

A M W l l 
71 
A al! F B 
76 ll 243 
A e lb b r * 
I l l 298 
A a m r lP l JO 8 15o 
A e n J Se I 4 H 
■fan J In I 88e f a n d im n 2o l l 
A a n d y H a 
8o 8 fa n e s 
I 36 
5 f a r m * 
I 8o 
8 
A a r W J I 44 
I fa r d ees 
I 
IS 
A a r m a n 
5ob 9 I U 
A a r n is h l 8o 
7 
8o 
H a r r a h 
Joa 
8 
U f a rr B k I SO 
7 
2 
H a m s 
8o U 
76 
33' 
A a r s c o I 4ob 6 3o7 
2 4 H 

J A . w 
5 6 '. 
2 2 * . 
42 
U H 
» 
T T H 
S3 
J 
I ! 
T I U 
76 
24 ? 
36 
49 
3 
33 
OU 
33'? 
U H 
1 4 * . 
35 

3 H 
IIH 
S B H 
T I U 
U H 

JH A 
W 
A 
56 
- 
71H - 
U 
' , A 
J I A , 
I I H 
4 U 
S 
A 
I I * . 
7 1 H + 
14 
14 ' ? A 
48 
4 8 H A 
JI*. 
JJU — 
I U 
I U 
3 3 U 
M U — 
I I H 
I I H A 
U H 
U 1 ? 
35 
35 

H a r 'S M * 
77 
I 
A a r te H k 
6o 12 
H a t'S *- I 44a W 
H a w i E l I W 8 
M a y e s A lb lb 
S 
H a ie ltn 
o5e 
4 
H e c k s 
17 
7 
H e c la M 
JO I 

16 
5 
6 u s 
I* 
43 
o3 
A ei I rn B 
64 
6 
IO 
H e in i H J 46 
9 148 
A a m ? p f l 7o 
18 
H e le n e C 
6 321 
A e h e r fn t 97 
I 
I 
M ile r p f 4 o7 
I 
A a im e r P 4o l l 
19 
H e m C a p 
IO 
H e m Inc 66e 
6 
H e r c g lts 
I IO S I9 
H e rs h e y I W 6 
56 
H e s s to n 
J J 
A e s tn p f I 6o 
4 
H e p bl in I 37 
9 734 
H e w ltP k 
4o TO 298 
H g h v o lt 
o5e l l 
79 
H illo n b d 82 8 
M 'ltO n H tl 97 IO 
H o b a r t 
92 ll 
H o lt E ie 
34 
7 
13 
H o lid a y 
4o 
IO 26o 
H h d y A I TOI 
U 
M o lly S 
2 4o 
4 259 
M o m est k 
1 1 2 129 
H o n d a 
IST ll 
49 
M onyyyll I 6o IO 949 
MOO v B B M I 
7 
34 
H o r 1 io n 
H o S P A H 
J? 
7 
M o s p C p A 4o 8 
H o s fln tl 
4o 
7 
M o u d a il 9oa 
6 
H o g g M il 
84 
I 
H o u s F a b 32 I 
_ 
M o u s h F I JO 
7 JO I 
H « 4F p f 2 J 7 
9 
H O U F p t2 SO 
I 
H o us I rid I 76 9 549 
A C O S N G 
7o I) 179 
H o w Jo h n 32 I 554 
H u b b r d I JO W 
71 
M u g h H a t 4o 6 
S 
H u g h S T I 
SO U I J J 
H u m a n a 
5o IO 
49 
M u n ic h 
34 13 J W 
H u h n E F 6o 
4 
69 
H g y c k 

2?U 
U H 
2 4 U 
U H 
o*. 
I U 
1$ 
IT 
W U 
JO*. 
S U 
19' ? s 
J 

J h 
H U 
9 
17 
77 
74U 
TU l l 
J I H 
19 
J I 
» 
I I H 

3 i u 

J I H 
4 'U 
M U 

U U 
W A . 
I O U 
IT 

5/ ll 
61 
77 
II 
JO 
1 | 
J I 
I H 
T O H 
46 

 r 
: 
3 2 U 
WU 
U U 
T U 
3 9 ', 
U U 
I S H 
14 ' 
<o 
IO * IS I I I H 

- I 
C l o d * 
1 4o 
7 IQ I 
W H 
W U 

I T H 
W H A 
H 
24' > 
24"? + 
" , 
W H 
W ' ? - 
" , 
TI Vt 
2 7 * . 
I T H 
W U 
U 
2 3 U 
2 J U 
- I " , 
I A U 
16 V A 
" , 
I O * , 
I O U 
I U 
I U 
U H 
U H 
* • 
I A U 
I A U 
1 • 
J i n 
32 
A 
Vs 
X * . 
JO A . 
J U 
? 
— 
"k 
W H 
W U — 
I 
S I 
£2 
- 9 
J T A , 
W H 
I 
2 
2 
I U j i , 

 i i * . 
I J H i o n 
J I 
- 
'» 
I U 
I V 
V 
I A H 
16 V + 
U 
I A U 
V 
7 1 " . 
T S H a I U 
I 
T V A tg 
H U n u ­ 
I 
2 o H l l 
2) n u 
H 
A H 
A H 
I I H 
W H 
H 
W H 
23 
A 
U 
J O H 
J I 
4 2 
4 1 H 
4 1 V 
H 
W U 
W U 
1 * 
47 H 
J I H I IM 
2 2 *. 
23 
4 u 
2 
I 
14 
1 4 " , 
7l 
1 2 U 4 
H 
W ? 
W H ­ 
I . 
I A H 
IZ 
A u 
I T * . 
I t 
A 
I 4 
I U 
IO 7 
I O U 
*4 
Mf 
46 
46 
S A H 
J 6 H + 
'» 
14 
35 a 
H 
37*8 
J I '? - 
H ti 
I O U A 
U 
I S H 
I A H u 
I ' , 
Z U u h 
3 9 " , A i i t i 
I A H 4 
H 
U H 
U H 4 
14 
U H 4 t i 
I I H 
I I H 
" , 

IC md p U SO 
IC m d p f 
6 
I C N P h a 
9 269 iN A C p I IO 
H JZS 
I N a in I 59a l l 
I U r n !! 
9o IO SSS 
Id aho P 
I 16 9 134 

7 1 
4 3 U 
43 
4 3 * . 
4 1 o I H lo t '? l o i n 
J' 
42 H 
W * 7 
W U 
21 

5* 
4 2 ', 
W U 
II H l l 'i 

S H 
W k 
IIH - 
WH - 
I T H 

L E E Cc 
L E E p f 
L T V C p 
5o 
4H 
6 U 
4+k 
6 U 

I T V A 
351 
L T V C p p f 5 t a i G a s I 66 
8 
L a m S e s I IO 8 
L a n e B r y BO 
8 
L a w t r C h JO U 
L e a r S ie q SO 
7 
L e a r s p f? 25 

5 13 7 
I O U 
I O U 
15’ a 
1 5 *j 
S I U 
S O H 
I O U 
1 o * 4 
W 
I I H 
1 3 * , 
U H 
I O * . 
IO ’ . 
U H 
U U 

4 U 
6 U A 
IO U A 
I S H 
SO' 7— 
W U — 
77 
- U 
I J H 
I O U 
1 4 *4 

L e a s w 
I 2o 
9 1o1 le e d s N 6ob W 
32 
Le e s o n a 
75 
6 U l e b P C t 
I 
9 
8 
L e h v a t l y 
6! 
.c h m n I 251* 
121 
_ e n n a r 
14 
.e n o * 
I 
9 I U 
.e s F a y 
96 
7 25 
..e v F d C 
IT 
.e v F l n 
75a 
158 
.e v i S t r a 
8o 
6 U o 
.e v i f i F 
19 551 
B 
E 
I 8oa 
7 U S 
F p f 4 75 l l 
• b r ty C p 52 6 
14 
J b r t y L n 
42 
- 'O g lG p 2 5o I 
18 j f l v E i r I 42 15 342 
-in c N a t I 6o S I U 
- i n c N t p f 
3 
J wine P i I 72a 
4 
-lo *'e l 
6 1o7 
.( H o n In 
IS' 13 111 
J t t t t i p f 
2 
I 
.o c k h d 
J 2o8 
-O C tite 
U 13 
3 o e w s 
I IO 
6 
67 
.O m a E m 5o 8 
4o 
O m M 
7 !e 
18 
4 
LO H S ta r I IO 
9 

W 
6 7' ? 
W U 
J * . 
3 3 H 
342 
43 

38’ ? 
X j g u A u 
X 
X 
X 
2 3 H w * . 
23 h a 
M 
W H 
2o 
I A U 
16 
H U A 
H in 
I * , 
I U — ’ , l l ' . l l l l 
A ' • 
A 
A 
2 3 *. 
23' ? 
7 3 U 4 
" , 
7 *4 
I 
7 ' , , 
' , 
H H 
H H 
1 1 V 
" , 
W H 
W U 
W H A ’ , 
2 7’ , 
7 7 H 
T T H 4 
>/« 
S U 
5 
S H 4 ' . 
32' i 
32*4 
6 7' ? 
6 7' , 
W H 
J U 
M U 
42*4 
J J U 
J I H 
65 
65 
W U 
19 
I H 
I U 
U H 
1 4 '* 

W 
S H A 
M H A 
4 J U * 
3 2 H + 
65 
W H A 
I U 
14 ' 7 A 
J O H 
J O H 
T O U 

 n g ls C t I 56 
7 w i t P I N 
13 

IO 
9 H 
#B§ A 
I T H 
U U U U — ' 
34 
M U 
34 
A 
I 
I U 
I U 
' 
W H 
U 
14 
- 
1 
W 
I I H J I H - * 
W H 
18 +* 
I I H 
I 2 o o o 1 2 6 U I 2 5 U I 2 5 '» 
I ' 
I L p fo 2 47 
97 7 7 *4 
7 7 ' ? 2 7 * . a 
' v O n g O r 
48 U H S 
2 8 *. 
2 7 U 7 7 ’ , 
I 
-O r a iC p 
4o 
7 
9 U h 
U + . 
U U - 
' 
.. L a n d I TO 
IO S U 7 8 U 
7 7 H 78 
— 
-e P d C it JOb 
IO 2 U 1 4 * . 
U H 
U * . a 
' 
L O U .s G s I 92 
9 31 2 6 '. 
2 5 *. 
T S H 
. O w e n s ) 
4o 
S 36 W 
U H 
I I H - 
’ u b r u o l I IO 
13 37 J 3 * . 
J J U 
33' ?— ' 
UCk y S 68b U 259 
. u d fo w 
4o 
19 o k e n S ' I 6o 8 
26 y k e s 
4o W IQ I t y k e s p f2 SO v n C S v s 8o l l 

16' 
7 H 
M U 
12 
J I H 
I U . 

"t 
7 * . 

M 
17 l l * . 
M B P X 
4oa 
M C A 
1b 
7 U S 
W E I 
S 
46 
M G I C 
2o 14 ISO 
M ac A F 
6o b 26 IOO 
M ac D o n 
5 l l 
M a c k e 
16 
6 
JO 
M ac rn i ll 
SO 
I 14o 
M a c y 
I JO 
7 
J I 
M a d s E d fie 
1o9 
M a d S q G 
IO 12o 
M a r c e l 
4o 
I 
IS 
M a llo r y 
I U 
1} 
M al ( J I H 
68 l l 
43 
2 2 U 
M a n h ln 
2o 
4 
2 
I 
, 
M ir H e n I 97 
• 128 
M A R C O I I O U 
69 
M a r a I M 
W e 3 
66 ssttS’B.src 
M a r io n L 
S? 13 U S 
.» • « 
M a r le y 
I 2o 
7 
U 
5o+, 
M a r r io t 
251 11166 1 
I O * . 
M rst)A6c L 
2 IT 176 
S 6 '« 
M a r s ftF I 24 ll 
34 
W U 
M a r lM a I 4o 
7 
73 
2 4 U 
M a r y K 
4o U 
3o 
I S H 
66b 
9 
U 
7 7 ' , 

37 
4 U 
U U 
I U 
I 
4 * , 

M U 

 lo? ‘ 
9 H 
3 S H 

4 ? H 
U U s |> .Sr 

M a r y K 
M rid C u 
M a s * OC p 21 12 583 
M a s o m 
6o 13 
38 
M a s M I lie l l 
21 
M d S k y F la 
3133o 
M a s C p 1 4o 
13 
M a s ln t 
9oe 
I I I 
M a f s o E 19e IO 
I 
M a lle i 
S 4IS 
M a y D S I I l l 9 W I 
M a y e r© I IO IO 
3 
M a v s J W 
ISO 
J 
W a y lg I M U U 
71 
M c C o rd 
|4 
4 
4 
M ( D e r 
I 6o 
4 49| 
M c O ' id 
IO 
16 673 
M c D o n D 5o 
I 291 
M r D o n * 
9o 
6 
4 
M e G t d I 6o 
9 143 
M i O r W H 8o l l T M 
M G H p f I IO x IO 
M c m f y r 
I m m 
M c K e e 
9o 
4 l l 
M c L e a n 
46 I 
4 
M c L o u t I K 
I 
I t 
M c N e il 
IO 4 
6 
M e a d C p 
92 
4 227 
M e a P I A ? BJ 
24 
M e d u s a I 6o 
6 
I 

 r ' 
2o*4 
W U 
I I H 
U U n u 
W H j * , a » 
, 
J Z H 
J ? * , 
J U 
3 

I S H 
T H 
J 3 U 
J J U a 
U H l f 
J I H 
J I * o - 
• A , 
I H — 

 l l * . 
3 6 *. 
4 U 
U U 
I U 
4 H 
6 H 

33 ‘ 
W H 
W 
9 H 
I S A , 
W H 
I U 
31*4 
42 
U H 

W +« 
U U 
4 1 * . i o u 
56 
W H 
W H 
IS 
26’ , 
V 
2o u 
W U 
U U 
I T * , 
U U 
W U 
S 
7 7 * . 

N a t T e a 
27 

N e p tu n e 
SO IO 
42 
N e v P w 
I 6o 5 
9 
N e v P p f 2 3o 
I U SO 
N e v P p f I 95 l l 
N E n g E l 1 86 9 1o7 
I I H 
N E n G E I 36 
I 
27 
U H 
N E O p f 9 BO 
/IO 
N E n P p f2 76 
6 
N E n g T 
2 4o IO 
12 
N Y S E G 2 4o 
8 
79 
N Y S E pf 3 75 
7)oo 
N Y S E p f2 17 
I 
N e w h a ll 
56 l l 
I 
N e w m l 
I 6o 15 
89 
N w m t p t 4 S C 
I 
N ia M F * 
I 24 
9 796 
N > a M p f 3 6o 
/ U o 
N i a M p f / 72 
H O O 
N ia g S h r 
97e 
6 
N ic o r 
2 17 8 118 
N o r ! W n 
I 76 7 276 
N o r lin 
I 25 5 
U 
N o r r is 
2 6 
42 
N o r r is w i 
N o A C o a l 9o IO 
N o A M t g 
T i 5o 

I 
SI 

N o A P h r I 5o 
7x3o 
N o C A ir 
12 
6 
5o 
N o C c A ir w t 
IO 
N o e s 'U t I o2 
8 345 
N l n d P S I 44 
7 764 
N o r N G S 2 o8 
I 
33 
N O S IP W I 94 9 14o 
N S R w p *3 4o 
7 IOO 
N S P w p f 6 8o 
/ IO 
N S R w p f 
7 
ITO 
N o r T et 
64 l l 
19 
N o r th g a te 
9o 
$ 
N o r t h r p 
7 
9 186 
W H 
N W S IA lr l 
5o 1o 316 
2 4 U 
N w tB n c I 97 IO 
14 
S I H 
5 2 *. 
N w t E n r 
7 
I 
U 
J S U 
N w f E n r C f 7 7 
4 
35 
N w t ln d 2 25 
7 157 
S O H 
N w t P p f 2 S o 
6 
IV 7 
N w M L f e 
U U 
6 
N w f S iW I JO t i 
I 
N o r to n I 8o 
7 23 

24 H 
2 4 '. 
24*8 
3 16 
3 16 
3 16 
I 32 
S H 
8' ? 
8 ' ? - 
(y 
A' 8 
6 
A 
1 6 *. 
I A H 
I A H 
X 
19' ? 
19 ' 7 - 
•/. 
7 7 ’ a 
27+8 
77 H A 
2 7 * . 
W U 
2 2 * . 
I A U 
I A U 
I A U 
' 8 
H U 

 s' 

1 1*8 
1 1 H - 

35"? 
34’ , 
35' ? + I U 
W H 
7 7 '8 
7 2 " . - u 
23 
W H 
23 
A 
7 H 
7 '? 
7 ' ; 
J Z H 
4 7 " , 
4 7 * . 4 
'? 
3 1 * . 
3 1H 
3 1H 
- u 
W H 
12*8 
1 7 U + 
" i 
18 
17 H 
U H ­ u 
W H 
12 
U H 
' t 
IS 
U H 
U H 
U U 
U 
1 4 * . A 
I 4 
25’ 8 
25’ , 
25’ , - b 
1 7 * . 
17 ' ? 
1 7 * . A it 
9 U 
9 U 
9 U - 
Mi 
7 7 ' . 
7 6 * , 
26 H A 
I ; 
2 5 " , 
2 4 * . 
2 4 U - 
" , 
7 1 H 
7 1 H 
7 1 H — 
J , 
2 8 " . 
M 
7 8 H + 
’ I 
26' ? 
T A U 
26’ 7 A 
1 6 *. 
16 
16 
J U 
4 H 
4 H - - i 4 
7 
A H 
7 
A 
*1 
I O U 
W H 
1 o V - 
Vt 
U 
14 
14 
W H 
X U 
M ’ ? — 
W H 
13+4 
W H 
7 1 H 
2 1 " . 
H H A 
*r 
5 2 H 
S I U 
5 2 " , A 
N 
19' ? 
I B * . 
W "k A 
I , 
U H 
H H 
U H A 
H 
1 8 ', 
I T H 
1 8 ',+ 
' I 
4 8 ', 
47 U 
48’ , A 
M 
4 2 U 
42 
4 2 U A 
I. 
4 * , 
4 H 
4 V 
Vt 
X U 
1 8 * . 
4 o " , A l " ; 
14 
W H 
14 
A 
I/. 
W H 
2 2 + , 
W H 
25 
2 4 ’ , 
25 
2 1 H 
I I H n u ­ 
'« 
I I H 
2 1' ? l l u + 
" , 
16' ? 
I A U 
1 A H + 
'/. 
W 1 o A H 1 o A ' M O A ' ?— I 
X U 
X U 
W U A 
I j 
3 4 *, 
3 4 ', 
34 U — 
' i 
M H 
W J 
2 8 ? 
JA 
46 
JA 
24 '8 
7 4 ' , 
2 4 H 
I T H 
I T H 
1 7 H - 
"I 
M U 
2 7 H 
78 U A b 
B S H 
• S H 
1 5 ' 7 - 
IS 
U 7 
14 ’, - 
't 
41 
( O H 
41 
A V a. 
B S H 
8 5 H 
8 5 H 
Si 
1 1 *4 
I I H 
H U A 
Vt 
M U 
M H 
M U 
31 
J O U 
M U A 
*1 
I S H 
I S H u n 
48 
J / * , 
48 
24 U 
7 4 ' , 
2 4 *. 
S 3 U 
S I H 
S 3 U + 2*1 
4 
3 H 
J U 
' I 
3 2 H 
M U 
3 2 ". 
J U 
3 H 
J * . 
I " , 
I U t v 
H U 
1o + . ll 
- 
'i 
1 8 ', 
I t 
U H 
JA 
4 S U 
4 5 *. A 
I 
M U 
M U 
W H 
44 
44 
44 
83 
U 
S3 
- V j 
BA 
BA t i 
+ i . 
X 
2 9 *. 
2 9 U 
SI, 
S H 
S H 
4 9 H 
47 U 
49’ , A I V 
2 4 '. 
74 
2 4 " . * 
14 

P N B 
4o 
17 
2 
P P G 
2 2o 
/ 111 
P S A 
21 
P a c A S I 74 
17 
P a c G E 
2 
8.1355 
P a t L f g I 68 
7 
54 
P a c L m I 4o 14 256 
P a c P e t 
86 
9 
45 
P a c P w 
I 8o 9 667 
P a c T T 1 4o 
9 
48 
P a c T T pf 
A 
/JO 
P a c T in 
8o 13 
IO 
P o i n e w 45c 
3 
58 
P a iW p f I 3o 
IO 
P a lm Be 
5o 
5 129 
P a m id a .12 
6 
7 7 
P a n A m 
2o4 
P a n E P 
2 3o 8 141 
P a p r c ft 8oh 
9 
28 
P a rg a s lb 
9 
49 
P a r k D r 
W e 
9 
79 
P a r H a n I 2o 
9 
IO 
P a r k P e n 48 
9 
31 
P d t r k P I 251 192o81 
P a y ls n w 
4o 
8 
U 
P e a b o d y 
2o 12 1o7 
P e n D ix 
24b 
24 

P a P W L I I 8o 8 
P a P L p l4 SO 
P a P L p f8 4o 
P a P L p f9 24 
P a P L pf ll 
P a P L p f 
13 
P a P L p ts 7o 
P e n n w lt I 8o IO 
33 
3 4 H 
P e n w l p i l 4o 
A 
2A1 * 
P e n n /o l I 4o 
8 197 
P e n n / p f I 33 
2 
P e o p D r q 2o 
9 
44 
P e o p G s 3 4o 
7 
AO 
P e p s iC o 2 4o 131336 
7 o H 
P e r k E l m 32 15 387 
18 'n 
P e tln c 
I 6o 
8 
P e t inc p f BO 
P e t Inc p i 
I 
P e t e r P l 8oa 
8 
P e tr ie I 6oa 15 
P e tro la n 
72 
9 
P e l rim 2 61e 
P h / e r 
96 13 385 
28* ? 
P h e lp D 2 2o 17 323 
3 5 ** 
P h ila E l I 64 
9 437 
U U 
P h ilE p f3 BO 
/SO 
43 

U U 
I t " . 
U H — 
Vt 
13*8 
13’ . 
13 ’ , - 
Vt 
I S H 
I S H 
1 5 H 
8 * . 
Z U 
S H A i/. 
25' ? 
24 U 
25 
- 
* i 
2 3 ', 
23 
2 3 H + 
U 
W H 
W H 
I O U - * 
’ A 
7A *e 
25"? 
7 A H .+ 
M 
6 4 " , 
6 3 H 
6 4 " , A 
U 
SA' 7 
53 V 
54 U A 
U 
77 a 
2 7'a 
71'%— Vt 

8 ' 7 
B H 
B H — vt 
54 
53 
54 
A 
*1 
8 '8 
B H 
8U 
14’ 7 
U H 
U H 
24' a 
X U 
23 U — 
Mi 
1 8 * . 
H ' ? 
1 8 U 
B ’ 7 
3 2 " . 
3 2 " ,— 
2 7*8 
26’ 8 
27 H a n 
2 3 " . 
22 U 
23 
— 
>/. 
18 
1 7 U 
18 
A 
7 6 ', 
7 6 " . 
16'%— V . 
13 H 
13*8 
W U A 
*1 
7 *8 
7 U 
7 *8 
U U 
14 
14 
— 
"I 
12 
U H 
H U A 
U 
4 ‘ » 
3 U 
4 
— 
4 *8 
4+7 
J U 
44*8 
44*8 
4 4 *8 
H 
16 
I S H 
15*4l— 
'/. 
18 *8 
18 
I S H A 
'r 
3 4 H 
34*8 
3 4 *8 - 
' J 
34’ 8 
3 4 H 
34 H A 
'A 
16*8 
I A H 
U H — 
" i 
I A H 
1 5 H 
15 U 
X ' . 
W H 
W 
23 V 
23*8 
23’ ? - 
"1 
5 *8 
5 
5 
X U 
J O H 
J O H A 
'A 
2 1*8 
2 1*8 
71 H a 
5 3 '? A 
Vt 
S3' ? 
5 3 H 
+; 
95 U 
9 4 *. 
94 Vt 
/3o 1o7 
1o7 
1o7 z4o m u m u m u — v* 
/ IO 13o’ ? 13o' 7 13 o '? 
/SO 
9 7 U 
9 7 * . 
9 7 *4 — * : 
34 
34 
1 , 
26’ * 
2 6 ** a 
*1 
32+8 
3 7 H A 
+. 
4 1U 
J I H — 
Ai 
9 v* 
9 H 
4 7*4 
4 7 *? ............... 
68 
7o *8 A 2+i 
18 
1 8 H A b 
3 1U 
3 1 * . 
3 1 * .— 
U 
17 
17 
17 
- I * 
16*8 
U H — 
*4 
I I H 
1 2 * * f 
+4 
74 *k 
75 
A 
Ai 
2 7*8 
2 7 * . 
24’ . 
7 5 '* * 
' . 
7 7 ’ * 
28' ?+ 
* ; 
34*k 
35 a * 

9 
9 
57 
17 
25 

32*4 
4 1*4 
9 H 
47 H 

U H 
12’* 
75 
7 7 ' ? 

U H 
43 
JO 
83 
OO 
88 
/ 478 o1o 7' * 1o 7' * 1 o 7 * , A '/» 
/2oo 1o4 
1o4 
1o4 
— I 
/ IO 
88 
88 
88 
— I U 
45 
U ’ 4 
16 *7 
U H A 

/ IO 
49 
/AO 
83 
/IO O 
99 
Z5 14 o 9 o '* 

U H 
43 
49 
83 
■ 
9 9 
, 
88’ ? 

P h i l E p l4 4o 
P h i l E p l 
7 
P h i l E p tB .75 
P h i I E p l 7 85 
P h i l E p f9 52 
Ph i I E p f? 5o 
P h i l E p f 7 8o 
P h i la S u b 8o 
7 
P h ilM o r I 3o 17x456 5 5*8 
5 4*8 
5 5 H A 
P h i I In d o5e IO 
42 
P h il Ind p f 
4 
6 * 4 
12 ’ 
P h illP e l I 8o l l 326 
5 7 * . 
5 6'? 
P h ill V n H 6o 8 
P ic k w ic k 32 11 
85 
P i e d N G I 4.1 
6 
I 
P i e r ! 
o5e 
8 
43 
P ills b r y I 16 17 18 ' 
P io n e r 
I 44 
8 
64 
P iO n e r E I 
13 
3 
P i t n e y B 
8o l l 
86 
P itts tn la 
9 4o2 
P i z z a H i 
4o 
9 
1 8 
P la n R s c 
7 
47 
P la y b o y l l 14 
62 
P le s s e y 
77e 
7 
IO 
P n e u m o 
I 
5 
82 
P o la r o id 
5o 14 569 
P o n d ro s a 
41 3o9 
P o p e T al 
8o IS 
26 

I O U 
19 ’ 4 
U H 
7 U 
38 
3 4 '* 
U H 
U H 

I O U 
19' 7 
U H 
7 H 

7 
W U — 
57 H A 
1oH + 
W H 
U H - 
I' * 
37 H 
37 H — 
3 3 H 
34 
U U 
U H 
U H 
1 7 '; 
33’ * 
33’ * 
33 H A 
2 2 '. 
3 H 
8+4 
U H 
U H 
35'4 
Z U 
WU 

72 
3 * 4 
8’ ? 
I I H 

22',+ 
J H A 
8'k + 
U H ­ 
U H 
U H 
3 4 H A *1 

P o rle c 
BO 11 
54 
24’ , 

7 
U H 
7 3 H 
P o r t r o f 5 5o 
/ 24oo 7 5 U 
7 5 H 
P o r t G E I 7o 
9 
8 7 
7o + * 
7 o '* 
P o r G p l ll 5o 
Z 2 2 o 1 1 4 U 114 
P o r G p l 2 4o 
P O *!te ll 
84 ll 1o3 
P o f m E I I 28 
9 2o5 
P o 1 E l p f 2 44 
A 
P o l E I p f5 5o 
/ 5o 
P r e m ie r 
48 
8 
U 
P r o c t r G 7 6o IS 324 
8 2 H 
P r o d R sh 
48 
8 
2 
11+k 
P r o ie r 
I 4o 
8 
13 
3o 
P S v C o i 
1 46 92o4o 
W U 
P S C o l p W l O 
15 
2 4 ’ . 
P S vc In 
I 97 9 392 
7 7 a4 
P S In d p f l o8 
/ 3ooo 13* * 
P S v N H 1 88 
8 
79 
T O U 
P S N H p »2 75 
/ 38o 
29’ ? 
P S v N M I 56 IO 
82 
72 
P S v E G I 8o 
8 227 
23 

7 
U H — 1 
23’ . 
75 *7 A l 
/O’ . 
’ 
I U 
79 + * 
29*4 
29*11- 
36 'n 
36 
34 '4 
1 5 H 
15 '? 
I S H 
43 
43 
43 
59+k 
S9*k 
12*4 
1 7 '? 
8 7 '4 
IIH 
3o 
U H 

5 9 * 4 ■ 
12' 7- 
8 2 h 
11 Ak 
3o 
WU 

P S E G pf I 4o 
P S E C p f4 3o 
P S E C p f 7 17 
P S E C p f 2 43 
P S E G pf 7 52 
P u b lc k e r 
P u e b lo 
P R C e m 

7 
16 >4 
?34o 
5 I H 
U 
25’ * 
3 
7 7 U 
/4ooo 88 
71 
5 
24 
3 H 
I 
3' J 

2 4 U 
24’ * 
7 7 U 
27 H A 
U H 
1 3 * * - 
2o 
T O H 
2 8 '. 
2 8 U - 
2 1 H 
I I H 
2 1*4 
2 1 * . 
1 6 * 4 
1 6 * 4 

P u g S P L 2 6o IO 
27 
33 
P u fim n 1 32 17 1 23 
33' ? 

S O U 
25 
77 
B Z H 
4*4 
3 H 
3 H 

P u r e * 
I o8 IO 
61 
P u r i t n E a 
4 
74 
P u r o ltr I IT 
9 137 

19 
7 *4 
W H 
7 2 * . 

Q 

5 1' 7 A I ' . 
25 
2 7’ . + 
'( 
88 
JHA 'i 
3 '? 
J**— '. 
3 2 H 
32 U - *4 
J I H 
33'4 
W H 
W H A 
*» 
2 H 
2 H — ' 1 
22 U 

Dlv. 
Ratio (hi 

Scot F e f 1 to 
9 78/ 
S c o t 'F o r 84 
8 
93 
S c o tt P a p 76 IO 265 
S c o t t s 
M I O 131 
S c o v lll 
I 2o 
8 'o3 
S c o v i! p f? 5o 
I 
Sc u d d e r 
13 
IS 
S cu d d p f 83e 
7 
S e a C o n t 
25 
7 124 

 et 
I id*) 
Clo Nat 
Chg 

2/ 8 / 6 
7 7 + 1 
23’ * 
23’ ? 
23’/*— ’ n 
'9 *4 
W U 
W H A H 
S H 
8 
23 
55 
7 
9 H 
2 7*? 

8 * . a H 
2 2 *7 
2 2 H 
55 
55 
7 
9 *8 
27 

I 
9 H • 
7 7 H A 
Se a b c L 
2 
A 1o9 
U H 
U H 
3 4 * * + * . 
S e a b W * 221 
S e a q ra m go 
S e a g rv 
I6e 
I ll 
S e a 'P w 
8o 
7 
IT 
S e a r le G 
52 1o3487 
S e a rs I 8oa 
U ABI 
S e a tra in 
12 
91 
S e d o o ln c 
3o 
7 171 
S e lg L I/ I 2ob 
6 23 
Svc C P In t 2o 
5 
9 ! 
S o r v m t 
9o 
6 
37 
S h a k s p re 4o A 
12 
S h a p e d 
IO 
7 
35 
S h e a r H 
22e 
3 
7 
S h e M O il 3 2o 
7 165 

88 
3’ I 
33 
W U 
S U 
16*4 
W H 
6 2 *. 
9 H 
34 
U H 
6 * . 
15 ' ? 
9 H 
W H 
Z U 
7 2 * . 

3 
22 
S H 

61 
9 U 

S h e llr G I 
6oa 4 
4o 
13 
S h ll G lD f l 35 
S h e rw W 2 2o 2o 
66 jie r r P a c 
I 8 
41 
S ig na l 
I IO 9 
8o iig n o d e I 2o l l 
6o 
S im P r e c 
18 
8 
28 
51m m 
I W 13 
73 j im p P a * 
5o 13 177 sin g e r lOe 
7 274 
Singr p f 3 5o 
S k a g g s 
5o 9 
IO 
Ski I C o 
U 
47 
S k ylin e 
32 19 114 
S m ith A O 8o 
4 
29 y m ith ln t 
52 
9 349 
S m ith k in 
7 15 
63 
S m ith T r 
6o 
5 
6 
S m a c k e r 9o 
7 
I 
S o ia B a s 
6o 8 
19 
S onesta 
18 
6 
S o n y C p 
o6e 2o1424 
S o o Lin 
3e 
6 
S C a r E G I 56 IO 
S o J n r ln I 56 
8 
S o u td w n 
6o 
S d w n p t t 8o 
Soest B k 4ob 9 
S o e s tP S I 371 
8 
3 
S o C a lE I 68 
6 856 
S ou th C o I 46 IO 5o7 
So In G E 2 64 
8 
3o 
So N R es I 85 
7 
25 

2 1 '* 
3 5 's 
1 3 H 
26-H 
3 9 *7 
7 
W H 
U H 
2 1*4 
44 
W U 
' 3 * 7 
I S H 
15 *4 
3 6 H 
73’ * 
18 
W H 
1 3 ** 
3 
9 H 
14 
3 7 H 
WA. 
18 

3 
2 2 *7 — '« 
8 ' * 
I A H 
U H 
I I H 
1 2 H + 1 
62 
A 
A. 
9 *7 — Vt 
33’ ? 
34 
A ' . 
H H 
U H 
6 
15H 
9 U A 
' * 
IB 
A Vt 
7 H + <1 l f 
— V; 
13 
71 
— Vt 
34 *4 — 1 
13 
— H 

6 
15 *4 
9 H 
W 
7 *4 
71 
W U 
21 
34 
13 
2 6 H 
26*4 
39' k 
3 9 *7 + 
6’* 
W H 
U H 
21H 
44 
W H 
12H 
U H 

I 
1 8 H + *8 
13 *4 — *4 
2 1 + .+ 
H 
44 
W U 
U H A 
H 
15 * 

18' ? 
13 
3 
9 H 
3 7’ s 
W H 
U U 
1 5 H 
U U 

I S H 
15 *4 
3 6 '* 
36+* 
73 '? 
73 *4 
U H 
U H 

6o 
7 
8o 
23 
27’ ? 
86 
IO ' 7 
B H 
22 
U H 
39 V . 
54' 

76' ? 
I O * . 
8*7 
71*4 
U U 
39 

W H A H 
13 
3 
9 H + 
H 
37 U 
W H 
18 
+ 
’ * 
1 5 H + 
H 
2 7 H + 1 H ion- u 
8’ ?— ** 
7 1 * . — H 
16 *« 
39 '-.,+ 
'4 

S O N E T e l 
3 9 
16 
39’ ? 
39 H 
53' ? 
53' ? 

33' * 
23 '4 

S O N E p f3 82 
238 
S o u P a c 2 24 
8 314 
3 3 U 
S o u R v 
2 3? IO IO * 
5 6 '» 
S o u R y pf 5o 
13 
6 * . 
So O ’ C o I 84 13 
4o 
S o u tln d 5ob ll U R 
S o u R o y i 
68 1 7 
4o 
39 
S w lB k s h 
I 
8 
31 
S W S 'F o r 
2o 
7 
3o 
LP 
S w P b S v I IO 
8 124 
S w P b S v r f 
S p r t n F d 
28 
5 
S p a rto n 
4o 
6 
18 
S p e rry H 
I 
7 
18 
S p r r y H p f 
3 
3 
S p e r ry R 
9? 
9 171 
S p rin q M 
9o 
8 
6 
S a u a r D I TO 14 
59 
7 6 U 
S O U 'h b 
96 
12 364 
29' 

49 'n 
.37*4 
56' * 
6’ 7 
31 *4 
72 ’ . 
3 8 H 
3 8 H 
73 U 
73 H 
2 3 H 
BU 
8+* 
8+* 

39*. 
5o 
33 
S A H 
6 +4 * 
Vt 
3 7' ? 
7 3 '4 + 
Vt 
H 

13' 7 
U H 
U H 
19 1 3 64 I 64 1 32 
6 
W H 
12' ? 
W H + 
W H 
IO 
IO 

S ta le y 
St P o o r I 92a 
I 
7 5o2 
22' ? 
21 

17 
U U 
17 
36' ? 
36 
36 
38' ? 
3 7’ j 
3 8 H A 
U H 
13’ ? 
U H 
76 
28*4 

A * * 

3o 
73 H 
23'? 

26' ? + 
H 
78 G 
A i 
22 
A I U 
23*k * 
H 
S ' B ra n d I TS l l 
387 
29' 7 
7 8 * . t v 
+ it, 
S ' B P a in t 
X 18 
13 
3 7 '. 
37 
37 n 
S id O iiC i 7 W 
8 1 7 7 7 
J I H 
X ' ? j i 
+ 
’ « 
S tO 'M n d 7 SO 9 438 
53*8 
53 
5 3 H A 
'8 
S tO 'IO h I 36 23 
351 
8 3 '. 
8 2 *. 
83 
- 
I U 
S td P rp s s 
JO 17 
18 
I' 7 
7 H 
7 * 8 - 
'? 
S trlP ru d 
AA l l 
18 
7*8 
A ’ , 
A U 
Vt 
SI a n d a * 
8o 
6 
6 
I A H 
16"? 
U H 
S ia n W 
I 12 
9 
9 
2 9 " . 
79 
7 9 '. 
S 'a n r a y 
BO 
8 
14 
W H 
W H 
W H 
S la r r e tt I W 
8 
I 
23"? 
23’ ? 
23' J * 
' p 
S U M Se I o5 
AO 
W ’ ? 
12*8 
12 V 
"8 
S ta u fC h I 44 
9 
49 
U H 
48 
48*8 + 
H 
S te rc h i 
X 
A 
18 
B H 
8 
8 U — *8 
S 'e r D r u q 
7o H 
446 
I S H 
15 *8 
15 *8 - 
'8 
S te rl P r e 
o3e 6 
23 
5 " . 
5 
5 " » - 
Mi 
S te m d n t 
JO 
9 
9 l l 
I O U 
1 o * . 
' a 
S te v e n j I W 
5 
AA 
17 H 
1 7 H 
1 7 H - 
Vt 
S te w W a I 96 
8 
9 
3 5 *. 
3 5 H 
3 5 H — 
+T 
S to k V C I W 
14 
64 
22*8 
22 
2 2 U 4 - ay 
S lo k V C p 11 
(3o 
12 
12 
1? 
— V 
S to n e W 7 X 
7 
4 
S T H 
57' 2 
5 7 '? - 
1/J 
S lo n C o n 
X 
5 
8 
W U 
1 3 " , 
13’ , 4 
"8 
S to p S h o p 
I 
A 
18 
15 H 
1 5 * . 
I S H ­ 
S io rT e c 
67» 
7 
47 
U U 
I O U 
I I " , A 
*4 
S 'o r e r B 
I 
A 
55 
25 
I J H 
25 
4 
H 
S tr id R ife 
97 
7 
22 
U H 
U H 
U H - 
V 
S lu W o r I 68 
5 
36 
J I ' 
X U 
41 
S u a v S h o 
W 
4 
13 
4’ 7 
4*8 
IV 7 
4 *8 u 
S u b P r G I OB 
8 
39 
23 
73 
A 
V} 
S u c r e s ! 
5o 
5 136 
I O * . 
I O U 
1o *8 A 1*8 
S u n C h n v 
39 
A 
28 
I I H 
21 
I I H A 
"? 
Sun Co 
2 
6 719 
4 4 '? 
4 3 U 
44' 7 A I 
S u n C o p f2 25 
151 
4 5 H 
4 5 " , 
4 5 H A 
H 
S u n b m 
I OB 
8 
161 
2 1 * . 
7 1 H 
2 1 ' * 
*4 
S u n d s tr I X 
8 
23 
B H 
3 3 ', 
33' ? 
S u nd s p f 3 5o 
4o 
48 
48 
48 
- 
I 
S u n s M q 
\8r 38 
185 
14 
13’ ? 
W H 
*» 
S u p e r V a l ,66 IO 
92 
22' J 
22 
7 2 ’ , 
S u p r O il I BO 
W 
IT 
721 
219 
22o 
+ I 
S u p m k G 
X 
A 
34 
T H 
A H 
Z U A 
H 
S u p rsc p 
S u tr o M fg 
2Se 
A 
17 
U H 
U U 
U U - 
" , 
34 
9 
A*. 
A' ? 
A U A 
H 
S w a n k la 
7 
31 
IT 
I A U 
17 
S y b ro n 
BJ 
8 
31 
1 7 ' . 
I A U u n ­ n 
Syc or 
7 
77 
I O * . ion ion A 
" , 
S v s lro n 
15 
A' 8 
S U s u ­ 

Stock Symbols 

S o le s fig u re s o r e u n o ffic io i 
U n le s s o t h e r w i s e n o t e d , r a l e s o f d iv id e n d s rn th e fo re g o in g to b ie o r e a n n u a l d is b u rs e m e n ts b a s e d on th e lo st a u a r te r iv o r s e m i a n n u a l d e c la r a t io n 
S o e d a l o r e x tr a d iv id e n d s or p o v m t its not d e s ig ru i* ed o s r e g u la r o re id e n tifie d m th e fo l’ u w in g fo o tn o te s a - A l s o e x tr a o r e x tr a s , b - A n n u a l ro te p lu s s t o c k d i v i d e n d c — L i a u i d o t m q d iv id e n d e — D e c la re d o r p a id in p r e c e d in g 
17 m o n th s i— D e c la re d or p a id a tte r stock d iv id e n d o r s p ii t u p . i — P a id th is y e a r d iv id e n d o m itt e d , d e fe r r e d o r n o a c tio n t o k e n o f la s t d i v i d e n d m e e t i n g k — D e c l Q r e d o r p a i d th is y e a r o n a c ­ c u m u la tiv e issue w ith d iv id e n d s in a r r e a r s n 
N e w is s u e r — D e c l a r e d o r p a i d in p re c e d in g 12 m o n th s p lu s stock d iv id e n d t — P a id in sto ck in p r e c e d in g W m o n th s e s tim a te d c o s h v a lu e o n e x d iv id e n d o r e * d is trib u tio n d o te 
* — E x d i v i d e n d o r e x - r i g h t s v 
E x -d iv id e n d a n d sale s in fu ll 
/ —S a le s in full c id — C o i l e d w d - W h e n d i s t r i b u t e d w i — W h e n is s u e d , w w — W ith w a r r a n t s xw 
W ith o u t w a r r a n ts , x d is — E x d is trib u tio n v i - - l n b a n k r u p t c y o r r e c e iv e r s h ip o r b e m a r e o r g a n iz e d u n d e r th e B a n k r u p tc y 
A c t, or s e c u ritie s a s s u m e d b v su c h 
'c o m p a n ie s __________ __ _______________ 

O W . 
P E I i i * * 
H 
Ratio (IMH) 

U n fc i p l 4 JU 
U n E I p f 7 72 
U n E I p f 
8 
■ m l ■ 

/ IAU 
7 

U n F .d e l 
6 
3 
U n O C a l 2 IO 
8 229 
U O C a o f2 5o 
7 
U P a c C P I 7o 1 3 624 
U n P a c p f 47 
7 
U n ir o v d l 
5o 16 164 
U n ir y a l p f 8 
/IO O 
U n B ra n d 
8 
3o 
U n B r n d p f A 
21 
U n it C d 
8oe 
124 
U n E n R s I 72 6 1o6 
U F i n C a l 
24 
A 159 
U n G r n t y 
7 
U Iliu m 
2 44 
U n lllu pf 2 2o id 
TO 

14 
22 
/IO O 
6 
U n ifln 
U n i tin p f 47 
U rn fin n 
14 
7 
7 7 
U Jar B k I o4 
8 
3? 
U n it M M 
24 
U n N u c lr 
IO U S 
U n P k M n 
SO 
12 
U n R d q 
56 
9 
56 
U S F o S I 26c 
25 
U S F i d G 7 76 IO 297 
U S G VPS I 6o 13 189 
U S G v p f I 
8o 
15 
U S H o m 
U 
9 
44 
U S In d 
4o 9 187 
U S L e a s g 37 
5 
59 
U S R t y 
187 
U S Shoe I 2o 
7 
2o 
U S S le e l 
2 2o 9 426 
U S T o b c I 4o 12 
9 
U n Te c h I 2o 
7 49o 
U n T Ch p l 
8 
93 A 1' 
U n T ch p f/ 37 
5 I U 
U n i Te l 
I 2o 
9 4oo 
19 

J I 
7 9 * . 
89 
5 
58 
75 
5 o H 
1 7 ' ? 
9 U 
86 
9 
W H 
IO ' ? 
28 + 4 l l ’ * 
1 7' ? 
7 6 '4 
24 + * 
73' ? 
1 5 H 
5' ? 
1 7 * . l l ' 7 
.32' 4 
3 
W H 
U H 
S O H 
25+k 
28 
7 
7 
9 ’ * 

73 H 
4 7’ 7 
2 7’ * 
35’ * 

U n iT p l w t 
U n .T I p f ! 5o 
U n i TI 2pf I 5o 
U n i tro d 
IO IO 
U n iv a r 
56 6 
U m v F d s 
I 
8 
U n L e a f I 88 
8 
U p jo h n 
1 o8 14 191 
U S L I F E 
4o 
7 111 
U s li fe F 
96 
17 
U t a h P L 3 12 
9 
69 
U 'P L o f 7 8o 
I 

7o5 
I 
2 6 ** 
17 
7 2 '4 
24 
7 H 
JA 
9’ ? 
15 
T O H 
3 3 *7 
3 5 H 
1 5 H 
I U 
4 3*k 
U H 

3 1 4 
29' 4 
8 9 * 4 
5 
5 7 H 
7 4 ’ ? 
5o 
1 7 ' 7 
9 *k 
86 
S H 
12 Ak 
I O U 
28' * 
U H 
W H 
26' a 
2 4 ** 
2 3 H 
1 5 H 
5 H 
W H 
U H 
3 1' ? 
2 U 
W H 
16 
5 o '* 
25 U 
2 7 * . 
A H 
6 * . 
9 U j ' 7 
2 3 H 
J A H 
7 7 H 
35' ? 
161 
114 
1 7 ’ * 
15 U 
T A H 
22U 
7 *4 
9 '* 
W H 
3 3 's 
34 A . 
I S H 
1 1 * 4 
42’ a 
3 3 H 

CIO N9t 
Chg 

32 
2 9 H + Vt 
89’ /. a A . 
5 
5 7 +k 
75 
+ I 
S O H ‘ 
Ay 
1 7 ' j A U 
9 H 
86 
— I 
S H A ' t 
I? ’ * 
I O U - U 
2 8 '? 
I I H * ’ 1 
1 2 *? + * * 
2 6 ' , - *t 
24 H 
23 H — ' f 
15 H - * t 
5' ? 
12Ak l l * ? - 
3 2 *k A 
At 
3 
* 
H 
1 3 'k a 
* ; 
16’ . + H 
5 o * .+ 
*4 
2 S *k A * . 
2 7*4 
A ’ * 
A H 
9 *4 - 
A At 
2 3 H 
' t 
4 7 H + Vt 
2 7 H + '•* 
35’ * — H 
I A I ’ ?— 't 
114 
- I 
18 
I 
2 6 H 
I U 
2 2 * 4- *4 
T H 
9 H + 
* * 
T O ' , * U 
3 3 U + 
' * 
3 5 H + 
’ . 
1 5 H + H 
U H 
43 *4 A 
A4 
33 H A 
U 

3 
79 
28 13 569 
2o 
4 1o4 

V F C p 
I IO 
9 
V S I C o r p 8o 
A 
V a lle y ln 
JO 12 
V a r ia n 
V a r o ln c 
V o n d o 
V e n ic e 
2o 13 
IO 
V e s tS e I 3 le 
38 v e t CO 
7oe 
7 5o6 
V ia c o tn 
14 
34 
V ic to r C 
7o 
12 271 v a E P w I 24 
V a E P p f J 8o 
V a E P p i 
5 
V a E P p f 8 84 
V a E P p t9 75 
V a E P p f 7 9o 
V a E P pf 7 2o 
V a E P p f / 45 
V o rn a d o 
V u lc n M 1 IO 

 i v ? 
W H 
7+? 
W *k 
7 * 7 
5 
4 ’ » 
U A . 
16 '? 
14 *7 l l ' , 
8 325 
U H 
/W O 
53*4 
/IO O 
56 
/S IO 1o 1U 

W U 
W H 
7 H 
U H 
7 * . 
4 H 
3 a 
U + * 
15 *4 
U U 
I O U 
1 4 * , 
53’ ? 
55’ * 
98 
Z8o 1 o 5 *. 1o5' ? 1o5' 

W U 
W H - 
' * 
7 ’ 7 
W H + 1+1 
7 * ? + ' . 
4 H 
4 
- ' , 
1 4 * . 
. 
1 6 **— '■* 
1 4 * * - 
' » l l 
U H - 
5 3 * .+ 
55 H - 
98 

A . 

14 
/AO 
/12o 
9 
27 
8 ll 

3 1H 
S O H 
84 
5 H 
T S *. 

31 
8o’ 7 
84 
5 U 
7 5 * . 

5 2 *. - 
J 5 U - 
35 a 
S O H 

N o r to n w i 

N o r t S p f I 6o 
N u c o r 
37 
6 . 

9 
J5 A . 
*6 
I T H 
3 
3 9 '. 
16 
2 S H 

I ) 

O K C 
1 2o 
6 
J I 
1 7 ’ , 
O a k ln d I 39 l l 127 
I S H 
O a k lo g p f I 75 
36 
3 2 H 
O a k .U P 
I 
9 
12 
16 
O c c id P e t 
I 
V 1879 
T S H 
O c c id P e » w t 
W I 
I J H 
Ch o R p f 2 16 
J 
41 
O t o P p f3 6o l l 
8 7 * . 
O C C 'P p f 
4 
I 
7 9 H 
O c c i P p f J S O 
21 26’ * 
O g d e n 
I IO 
6 
SI 
IV 7 
O h IO E d I 7o 
9 119 
1 9 * , 
O h E d p f 4 4o 
1 )o 
5 2*4 
/ JO 
S I H 
H O D O 83 
15oo 
94 ? 
/ H O 
9 o *. 
/ IO I U * 
ISO 
8 4 *7 

34 A . 
SO 
2 7 * , ti*e - 
I J H 
13 
13 
— H 
I T H 
I Z A . 
2 Z H + M 
3 6 '. 
3 5 '? 
36 

J I 
I S H 
4 o * , 
J J U 
W H 
W H 
I I H 
1 7 H 
28 , 
29 
1 6 ', 
23 
17* a 
1 1 * , 
J O * . 
S3’ 1 
M U n u 

H U , 
" , 
3 6 ’ , a 
J U 
' , 

U H 
' • 
9 U a 
5 
I U 

A U a 
" , 
9 H a 

 f i n ~ 

' • 
* 7 

IO 
A 
" , 
A H — " , 
J S U 
» r , a 
" , i ' , * 
M U v . 

W H A 
H 
W H 
I U 
1 , 
15 
A 
Vt 
S O H 4 Vt 
U h n f i n A r . 
W H A h i 
T A U A 
4) 
I S H a 
2 7 - , 
+ . 

2 1 ' , - u 
Al 
W H 
*1 
W H ­ 
I Z ' 1 
*'■ 

U U A i . 
M r 
I k 

9 
* 
Mi 
3 Z H 
3 
- 
' i 
J I i r ­ i s 1 1 
* i 

U U ... 
11 
4 4 ', A 
N 
/ O '. ♦ 
*t 
19 ? , 
+1 
J I ' , A 
T z n a 
M U 

U 

29 H r 
I A U 
23 

I . 

W h a 
I , 
U V A 
Vt 
I I 
A 
54’ , , 
I t * . h 

24 , a i i 

O h E d p t4 56 
O E d p f / 74 
O h E d p ts 2o 
O h E d p ts 64 
O * E d p f IO 48 
O P w p f B Z 6o 
O P w p l A 1 4 
(5 4o 
O P w p f F U zj6 C 
O K I a G E I 48 IO 165 
O K I G E p f BO 
/SO 
Q k t a N G 
2 
7 
O l.n C p I SO 
7 
O f m k r t t I IO 
9 
O m a r . 
72 9 

19 
U U 
36 
3 8 *. 
19 
S n 
71 
36* ? 
74 
I S H 

35’ ? 
M U A 
I,. 
W H 
W H A 
*8 
I I H 
3 9 U A 
V 
T S H 
T S H 
H 

W H 
W H 
W H 
15 
A I i i u 
J 2 H + 2 " , t i" ? 
IS' 7— 
1 j 
25 
M U A 
*1 
W H 
WA, A 
V 
X H 
41 
, 
A. t m 
A IU a 7*i 
7 9 H 
Z E A ,A I " . 
T A *. 
76*. 
2 Z U 
2 Z U - 
U 
U H 
IAH 
SIU 
S I U A 
H 
S T H 
5 7 / 
8 2 *. 
I I 
A 1*1 
94 
94' 1 A 
• j 
9 6 '/ 
9 8 '7- 
", 
H I H 
1 1 ) ' »-- I 
• 4 ' I 
6 4 *7 — 
1 7 9 U 
1 2 9 ', a 
U 
IM ', 
I M ' 7 
V\ u n 
19 
, 
'I 
H U 
I I H — 
1 
I t ' 7 
3 t n 
4 o H 
4 * r 
Vt 
J A H 
M U A 
Al 
ISA, 
I S H 

Q u a k O a t 
97 
9 5o6 
W U 
I I H 
72 
- 
*1 
O u a O p f 9 56 
/TO 
112 
112 
112 
- 
O u a k S f O 78 14 
49 
W H 
19' ? 
W U 
D u a n e * V X 
7 
I 
W » i 
I I H 
W H 
Q u e s to r 
1or 
9 
7o 
6*8 

K 
28' ? 

A ' ? 
A ' ? 

R C A 
I X 
W 
555 
2 7 * . 
2 8 H a n 
R C A p f 
4 
2 
69' 7 
A A H 
A V '? — 
' . 
R T E 
28 
12 
43 
IO 
9 H 
A U — 
V* 
R a l s P u r 
X 
121724 
1 5 H 
15 
W H A 
*» 
R a m a d a OAe 
IS 
ITB 
3 U 
S H 
3 H — 
H 
R a n o o ln 
64 
9 
125 
2 1 U 
J O U 
21 
R a p i d A m 
78 
7 
A H 
7 
A 
U 
R a y b s t I SOO A 
19 
3 2 H 
3 1 U 
3 1 H — 
Ay 
R a y m n d 
8o 
7 
32 
21 
X " ? 
71 
A 
14 
R a y t h n I X 
IO 288 
55' ■ 
54 
54’ * - 
' j 
R e a d B a t X 
5 
77 
1 8 ', 
U H 
1 8 H a 
V 
R e d m a n 
5o 
48 
3 
T U 
3 
A 
"i 
R e e c e C p 74 
9 l l 
I I H 
1 1 *8 
H sa­ 
Mi 
R e e v s B I 44 
A 
26 
W * 4 
22* , w n 
R e ic h C h 
74 
8 
B 
U H 
U 
U H * 
Mi 
R e ) ,ataS* 
68 
A 
12 
9 U 
9 " , 
9 + ,— 
*» 
R e ln E I 
I X l l 
262 
3 2 " . 
32 
3 2 H — 
R e lln G p 
A 
23 
19 u n 
19 
R e f G p p f 55k 
R e lG p p f 65k 
2 
X 
37' 7 
2 8 '. 
3 7' ? 
M U 
3 7"? — 
M U 
" , 

R e !in p l? 68 
48 
R e p ub C o 
IO 
75 
R e p F m S 
I 
6 
2o 
R e p M ig 
17 

2 7 * i 
2 7 ' . 
8 *4 
B H 
1 7 * . 
I T * . 
I U 
I U 
R e p S tl 
16 o 
8 732 
3 3 *. 
3 3 '. 
R e p T e x I 2o 
8 l l 
3 7' 
R e s r v O 'l 2o 16 211 
W H 
31*+ 
W U 

2 7 ' . — H 
8 * ,— *t 
1 7 ' . A U 
I * . 
3 3 ' 7 - H 
3 2 *4 + »4 
18 '? 
R e v c o D S 24 16 272 
2 1 U 
T O H 
H U A U 
R e v e r e 
581646 
U U 
R e v lo n 
9o 14 163 
3 7 * . 
R e x h a m 
4} ll l l 
U U 
R e x n r d I 4 * 
7 
74 
3 7 '. 
R e x n p f 2 5o 
I 
66 
R e x n p l 2 36 
7 
55 

1 5 H 
1 6 *4 + 11 ; 
37 
3 7 U A ' . 
H U A H 
3 7 U a Ak 
66 
+ 2*+ 
55 

 l l 
36' ? 
66 
55 
R e y n ln 3 28 
9 235 
6 7’ , 
6 7 H 
6 7 U + Ai 
R e v In P W 25 
3 
R e v M e t I 2o IO 187 
R e y M p f4 5o 
17 
R e y M pf 2 37 
1 
R e y n S e 
4oa 
6 
31 
R ic h C o 
I 
7 l l 
R iC h M e r 
7o 
9 
3 
R ic h m n d 
I IO 2o1 
R ie g e lT I 3o 
5 
3 
R iO G r a n 
TO K) 
9o 
R io G r p l 
8o 
2 71 
R it e A id 
24 
IO 
28 
R o b tttw I IO 
9 
45 k o b r ts n I 5o 6 
79 
R o b in s 
37 l l ISO 
R o c n G I 28b 
8 
19 
R o C h T I 
88a 
8 
7 
R o c k o w r 
76 
5 
23 

7 9 + , 
78 U 
79 ’ 

R k ln t p f4 75 
R o h m H I 28 
R o h r In d 
R o llin s 
36 l l 
R o n son 
R o p e r 
I 4o 
5 
R o r e r A 
94 l l 

R o w a n 
17 
6 
46 
R o y C C ol 
8o 
8 774 
R o y I D J 26e 
6 3 1) 
R u b b r m 
48 13 
22 
R u s s T o g 
76 
8 
64 
R y d e r S toe 
I 315 

X 
J A H 
4o 
A i i 
AO 
B S H 
88 " 7- 
X + 4 
4 o U 
X U 
X U 
IO 
IO 
- 
' I 
U " , 
U H u n — 
Vt 
23’ , 
2 3 H 
2 3 + , 
W H 
22' 2 
W H 
W H 
I A H 
W H A 
14 
29 
M U 
2 8 U A n 
16 
I S H 
16 
A 
At 
U H 
U H 
U H A 
Vt 
72 ' J w 
22' i 
23 
W H 
W H ­ i t 
W U 
13 
I S H a 
'» l f 7 
U H l f 7— 
'n 
I S H 
I S " , 
U H A u 
W H 
W H 
1 2 H + 
"I 
3 3 H 
33’ , 
3 3 H - 
14 
B l' I 
I I H 
8 1"? t i n 
42 
4 2 U - 
A * . 
A H 
A U 
W H l l * . 
19 
A 
’ 1 
4 
4 
4 
A 
At 
W H 
2 2 * . 
2 2 H 
U U 
W H 
W H A 
U 
78' ? 
78 
T I U A 
11 
1 6 *. 
U H 
I A U a 
"I 
U H 
U U 
I A H 
SS 
5 4 *. 
54’ , - 
Vt 
W H 
2 3 '• 
23 '? 
X U 
I O * . 
I O H a 
Vt u n 
14 
U H a 
I 

 flo o r 
I lo 
7 5 77 f R E C p 
14 
98 
T R W I n 
I 4o 9 116 f R W p l 4 4o 
T R W p f 4 SO 
T a f t B r d 
OO 
9 
T a lc o tt 
T ai le v 
6o 
5 
T a lle y p i I 
T a m p E I I 12 IO 328 
T a n d y 
9 152 
T a n d y c ft 
6 
19 
T a p p a n 
24 IO 
T e c b n ic r 
JO 
9 
T e c h n ie lr 
77 
T e c h n ic n l l 
T e k tr o n x 3o 16 
13 5 8 U 
Te le c o r 
3o 
A 
33 9 
Te le d n I 45t 
6 
292 A O *. 
T e lp r m t 
2 717 14 
8 ' * 
T e le x ll ITV 
7 *4 
T e n n c o 
I 88 8 767 
3 3 ', 
32+k 
Tonne p f 5 5o 
2 W I ' 
Te s o ro 
1 1 1 1 7 7 
U A 

T 
— 

22 
9 U 
36’ . 
84’ . 
7 4 '. 
2 9 '. 
5 
9 U 
W U 
18' ? 
3 7 ', 
W H 
13 
H U 
67 
34' ? 
28 
7 
59 l i b 

7 1 ’ ? 
9 * . 
35 U 

22 
A *? 
9 U + 
H 
36 
A Vt 
8 4 *. 
8 4 U + 
U 
73 ’ . 
74 
- U 
2 9 ', 
29H a 
U 
J U 
4 U — *4 
9 * , — U 
W A . A 
U 
W H 
37 
A 
H 
W H A 
U 
I O U 
3 4 *. 
7 
+ 
’ , 
H U A 
H 
58 V . A H 
B H - U 
5 9 H + I H 
8 * * + *» 
T U — H 
33 
A U 
1 2 ! ' * I T I U A H 
U H 
U * 4 + 
' * 

9 . 
12 ' 7 
W U 
3 6 H 
W H 
I O U 
34 
A U 
I O U 
5 7 H 
B H 
57 U 
7 H 
7 U 

Te so r p f2 16 
72 2 7 ' . 
T A H 
27 
T e x a c o 
2 
9)598 28 
2 7 U 
28 
T e x C o m 1 1o 
11318 3 5 *. 
J 5 H 
3 5 *. 
T e x E s t 
1 85 
9 159 J O H 
3 9 H 
J O U A *1 

4 2 * . 
1 5 * . 
87 
9 * . 

T x E T p f2 4o 
14 
27 H 
27 
T x E T p W i Z 
A 
3 o *. 
3 o A , 
T e x G S T 
7 8 
48 
4 3 *. 
43 
T x G s p l ' 5o 
I 
4 7 * . 
T e x ln d lb 
15 
8 
1 6 U 
T e x Inst I 32 2o 28o 
83a . 
T e x In * 
15 279 
9 H 
T e x O G s 
2o IO 171 
2 6 U 
T x P c L d 35e 18 
U 
79 ' ? 
T e x UTH I 4o 
9 5 7 | 
2o' ? 
T O H 2 o *. 
72 
31 * , 
J O U 31 H A 
39 
5 5 U 
54’ , 55 
4 H 
4 U 
4 * 7 - 
26 
2 5 * . 
2 5 *. - 
3 2 ? 
M U 
3 2 '? - 

7 7 * r - 
H 
J O H — U 
43 Ak— Vt 
4 2 A .+ 
A . 
W H A H 
8 3 * .+ ! + » 
9 H A H 
26 H 
2 6 *« + 
U 
2 9 '. 
2 9 H + H 

T e x s g lf I 2o IS 
T e x g l 
T e x fi In d 
16 
T e x tr o n I 4o 
8 46o 
T e x fr pf 7 o8 
18 
T e x fr p f l 4o 
1o8 
7 4 * , 
2 3 *. 
T h iok ol 
84 
6 
48 
2 2 H 
2 2 H 
Th o rn B e ' 
I 16 
84 
3 6 U 
Th o rn In 
44 
8 
T h o m J W HO 
8 
T h r ifty 
48 l l 
T h r ifty 
48 
T id w t M r to 
6 
22 
Tig e r In t 
SO 
7 2o9 
T i m e In c I IS IO 
38 
T im e M ir 8o IO 
T im k n 
2 2o IO 
T ls h m a n 
23 
T o b m P 
I5e 
T o d d S h ip 
T o i E d i s 2 17 
9 
TOI E d p f 7 71 
T o n k a C p 48 
5 
To o t R o t 4ob IO 
T r a c o r 
7o 
7 
T r e n e 
I o8 
9 
T r e n U n 1 76 9 
T IN A 
J 
T W A p l 
I 

I O U 
U U 
9 > , 
1 7 ' 7 
U H 
35 

2 4 + , a 
' , 
72> ? 
36 
A U 
I O U + 
'/, 
16 
9 ' , 
1 7 ' r - ' » l l ’ , + H 

T r a n s a m 66 8 312 
T r a n s p f4 SO 
T r a n ln c I 92 
T r a n s c o 
I 
T ra n s c n 
52 
T r G P p ts A I 
T r G P p f 7 4o lO n F 
28 

S C A SVC 
S C M C p 
Bu 
14 
IS I 
J * , 
4 ' , i t 
A 2 SA 
I I " , 
W U 
2 1 " , A 
*4 
S O S C o n 
VS 
I 
72 
U * . u n 
U 
H 
, 
"I 
S a b in e 
X 
12 
45 
2 6 ', 
2 5 H 
2 5 H - 
’ t 
S a fg d ln OAe 
A 
X 
S H 
S H 
S U A u 
S a fe w a y 2 X 
12 
64 ti' 7 
4 7 ' , 
4 7 " , 
S a g a C p 
36 
$1 Jo M in I SO 
7 
JA 
W H 
H H 
W H A 
*1 l l 
ISA 
X * , 
3 9 *. 
H O H , a, 
S t J o L l P I l l 
9 
A 
W U 
W H 
W H 
’ » 
S t L S a F 2 SO 
A 
12 
4 2 '. 
4 2 '. 
4 2 ' . , 
11 
St P a u ls 94a 
M 
W H 
W H 
I I H 
S 'R a g P I A * 
A 
14 
3 4 * , 
3 4 U 
J 4 U - 
S a Ia n i 
24b 
5 
5 
A H 
A * . 
A U , 
Mi 
S a m b o " 
48 
6 A A I u n 
IS 
U H ­ 
• . 
S D e G E I X 
I 
95 u n u 
U 
H 
, 
'» 
S Ju a n R 
99) 
A 
U 
S H 
I 1 * 
• H a 
* i 
S a n d e rs 
12 
41 
IO 2 
I O * , 
I O * , 
S F e in d 
7 
8 7 11 
3 7' 4 
J A H 
3 7 + . A 
( t 
S a n E a t n t X >o 213 
U H 
J Z H 
4 A U - 
' t 
S a rg tW e i to 
A 
7 
I A U u n l i n 
S a u T R E 
41 
3 * . 
J H 
3 H - i t 
S a v A S Jp 
S a v O n D r X 
22 l l 
J U i n 
K 
- 
"i 
I 
4 
A U 
A H 
6 * . 
S ay E I P 
8o 
A 
7 
A U 
9 * . 
A n 
1 1 
S a y B M 
3o 
A 
M 4 
J O U 
W H 
X U * 
I U 
Sa .O n 
IO 
AA 
4 H 
4 *7 
4 ' 7— 
S c h a e fe r 
I 
S H 
S H 
S H 
Si b e rg Pi 
I 
14 721 
J A H 
M U 
3 9 '? + 
.I 
S c h h f/ B r 68 
A 
332 u n 
U U 
I A U , 
' i 

 s 

o 

I r 

759 s in 
S T H 
S T H 
H 
S C O A in 
8o 
5 
U 
W H u n 
W H A 
H 
Sc o n a d 
36 39 
12 
A U 
A ' , 
A ' . 

T ra n 
T r e n w y I 4o 
T r a v lr s I o8 
9 3o4 
T r a v e ir p f 2 
47 
T n C o n I 85e 
89 
T r iC n p f? 5o 
2 
T n S o M 
5 
T r ia n ln d 
17 
T r ie P a c 
52e 4 
I l r m f y in 
IO 
6 133 
T ro p ic a n 
5o 17 IO? 
T u c s n G I o8 
I W 7 

7 IOO n n u 
8 1o5 
W H 
6 
5 
IO 
/TO 
94' i 
22 ll 
4 
7 
IO 
7 
55 
2 2 U 
3 1 H 
M U 
21 

35+7 
I O U 
16 
9 
1 7 ' ? 
I O U 
3 4 H 
J J U 
2o J » 
T O H 
T O H + 
53+4 
5 3 *. 
5 3A. 
M U 
W H 
* 
* 
I J H 
1 3 H A 
» 
M U + 
25 
25 
9 H 
7 + , 
W H 
3 3 H 
3 4 U 
3 4 '7 - 
1o *4 
I O * , 
W H 
W U l l U 
U U 
13 A . 
1 J U 

 w 
76 
26 
17 
4 
6 
7 
I J H 
76 
2 5 '. 
4 
75 
23 
IO ’ • 
19 

V V 

W a c h o v a 54 
9 lA ta c h R ty 
W a lM a r t 
IO 13 
W a lg rn I IO 
7 
W a llB u s 
66 
8 
W all/M u 
I 
W a ll J im 
I 
W a ll J p f l 6o 
W a r d F d J7 t 
W a rn a c o 
W a r n s 
I 2o l l 
W m C o m 6o 
7 
W r n C p f4 25 
W rn e r C o AO IO 
W a m e r L 
I 14 683 
W a s h e s I 88 
7 
8 
W ash N a ! 8o 
7 
2o 
W a s N p f? 5o 
I 
W a sh St! 
I 
7 
W a s W a t I 76 7 

17 H 
I 7 H 

1 3 H 
U H 
1 9 *. 
23 a* 

. 
. 
16 
W a s te M 
2o 12 176 
W a tk in J 
3? 13 
W a y G o s 
48 IO 
W e a n U n 
o5e I 
W ea p f 2 2ok 
W e a tn rd 
5o 
6 
W e b b D e l l l 
W e is M k t 
82 9 

8 x 12 1 33 H x6 
3 6 ', 
16 
6 H 
77 
8 
2o 
3 V U 
1o9 
2 9 H 
2 IO O '? 
7 
9 U 
2 8 H 
2 1 H 
1 8 '* 
3 4 '. 
19 + . 
23 
U U 
7o+• 

W e lls F g 1.1 2 9 376 
W e llF M 54e 16 
25 
W t P i P e 2 4o 
7 
6 
W n A .r L 4oa 
8 149 
W o B n c 
I 5o 
W n N o A 4ob 
7 
W n P e c ln 
6 
J W n P u b l 88 
I 
W U n io n I 4o 
9 
W n U n p f J 6o 
W U T t D W 56 
W e s tg E I 
97 
I 
W e s tm o r 
W s tv a c o 1.1o 9 

172 
5 l l 
4 
1o5 
I 
7 
966 
,*8 
_________ 
. . . . 
29 
W e y e rh r 
8o 17 454 
W e y r p f? SO 
89 
W h e e lF 
6oa l l 
52 
W h eel P H 
328 28 
W h e iP it p l6 
H O 
W h e iP it p f5 
?3o 
W h ir le d 
I l l IOO 
W h it C o n I IO 6 
W h ite M t 
3 
W h ilin g I 3o 
7 
2o 
W h itta k r 
8 335 
W ic k e s 
36r IO 
91 
W ie b d fS t 
32 
8 
I 
W illia m s 
I IO 376 
W ils h rO )2e IO l l ) 
W m n D x I 56 W 
26 
W m n b g o 
21 132 

I'-. 
W U 
U H 
6o 
35 
W 
I O U l l 

I O U - 
7 A , 
W H 
3 3 *. 

T w e e C e n SO 
7 
Txv, n D s 
8o 
7 
T y C O L at) 
4o 13 
T v l e r f o 
NS 
I 

33 
I * . 
9 H 
I S H 
24 
2 9 '. 
I S H 
I O U 
1 7 ' , 
7 o H 

>oo n 
W U 
9 H 
94' ? 
26' ? 
IO 
H U 
31 
3 8 '. 
J O H 
33 
I U 
9 * . 
IS 
2 3 *. 
29 
U U 
IO 
I6 + . l e u 
T I U 
22' ? 

2 1 + . 
J O U l i e u 

U A L In c 
6o 26 U 9 
U A L p f 
4o 
3 
J C I C p I JO 
8 
4 
U G I p f 
7 75 
/SOO 
JO 
U M C m d 
I 
I l l 
U U 
U M E T T r 
8 
I H 
D O P 
ISe 
IO 
U V ln d 
I 5o 
5 

I O U 
J O U 
19 a. 
29 U 
W U 
I ' ? 
1 4 * , 
U H 
37 
4 2 * . 
2 o *. 
2o' j l l * * 
U H 

IOO 
23 ' . 
II H 
IO 
94' 7 
27 
IO 
2 2 U 
3 1 '. 
3 8 '. 
T O *. 
3 ) 
I H 
* U 
IS 
24 
I f ' . A 
15 
W H A 
16 ’ , - 
2 o ',+ ! 
T I U a 

I I , * *1 
I O ' 7 
1 9 + .- U 
3o 
+ 
’ . 
H U a 
H 
I H 
14 ’ , + U 

W in te r J 8oa 
W i s c E P 
7 
W .s C p f / 75 
W is G a s I TO 
W is G p f? 55 
W is c P L I 6o 
W iS c P S I 46 
W ilc o 
I 4(1 
W i t t r D 
AO 
W ot y r W 
12 
W orn pf co 48 6 
W o o d C p 
JO 
5 
VV VIV? Mi I *«4 
/ 
W o lti p f? 2o 
W o rld A ir 
29 
W r .g ly 7 tOa IO 
W y la in 
6o 9 
W v lv C n 

6' ? 
5 ' ? 
1 5 '* 
8 H 
8 H 
26 
28' • 
1 o H 
3 7 H 
9 
7 7 H 
17 
W H 
1 7 H 
W H 
5 1' ? 
2 6 *. 
1 7 A . 
I 
31 
39' ? 
55*4 
I S H 
U H 
A l 
SI 
2 4 H 
7 4 'k 
A H 
25' ? 
S H 
1 3 H 
8 
25 
S H 
J O H 
S H u h 
29 
/ 259o 9 6 ', 
3o 
2o 
I 
9 
73 
9 
75 
8 >4 
4 
4o 

29 
2 o *. 
19 '? 
3 1 + , 
1 3 H 
4 H 
I I H 
7 * • 
O ' . 
3 6 *. 
5 
S O U 
9 H 
I U 

W 
7 
16 
19 + , 
23*4 
33 H 
3 6 ', 
6 U 
Z U 
31 
2 8 H 
IOO ’ . 
9 + 4 
7 7 H 
2 1 * . 
I Z U 
34 Vt 
W H 
2 2 U 
I J H 
2 o *, 
61 ? 
5 H 
I S H 
B A . 
S H 
26 
28 
IO ’ 7 
3 7 U 
S H 
2 7' ? 
17 
W U 
I / * , 
18 
S I H 
2 6 ', 
1 7 H 
I 
J O H 
3 8 ? 
54' ? 
? 4 U 
1 6 ** 
61 
SI 
24 
23’ , 
6 *» 
25 
5 '» 
I J H 
I 
2 4 H 
S H 
4o 
S H 
U A , 
29 
94' 7 
IV J . 
29 
T O U 
W U 
3 V ? 
W H 
4 U 
U H 
Z U 
It + . 
36' ? 
4 U 
76 
9 H 
I U 

31 
8 o '* 
84 
< 
S U 
25 U 

1 7 H 
4 
1 3 H 
16 
W H A * . 
7 3 U a 
H 
33 H — 
' . 
36 ' , - U 
6 + * A ' » 
I A 
H 
31 
7 9 U + 
H 
I O O *. A I U 
9 *4 
2 1 * * 
H U 
W H - h 
34 V , A 
' . 
19 ' 4 
2 2 * .— H 
14 *4 A 
*4 
T O H — * . 
6’ ? - * * 
5 H 
1 5 ' » - ' t 
8 *4 — *» 
8' ? 
26 
A Vt 
78 
- 
'» 
W H A *t 
37 H — 
I U — * ( 
IIH 
17 
W H + 
'- 
W H 
1 8 ',— '» 
51 H A U 
26’ , 
W 
H - ' I 
I 
3 o *. A 
3 9+ 7+ Iv 
5 5 U a I 
2 5 * ,+ 
' i 
W 
H - ' . 
61 
- 
51 
24’ ? A ' . 
24 
— ' I 
6 H 
'i 
25' ? A M 
S H - 
' i 
1 3 H A H 
I 
2 4 V - *7 
I H A 
J O H 
U 
S H 
U U — '« 
2 9 H A 
' * 
9 6 ', A M 
1 9 H a ' i 
29 
2o A. A ' . 
1 9 '7 + Av 
J 1 U A 
W U A 
H 
4 * , 
U M — ' i 
7 * , - 
M U A 
Ai 
3 6 H — ' i 
5 
8o 
A 4 
I n 
I U - 

X - Y - Z 

A A* 

X e r o x 
1 2o 111o28 
X * r a 
o8e 
I 146 
Y a te s 
6 
18 
Z a ie C p 
88 
6 
27 
/ a p a 'a 
JO b 4 
/J 
Z a p a ta p l 2 
5 
Z a y r e C p 
6 
64 
Z e m th R 
) W 1 9 , 
Z itrn In d 
48 
9 
87 

N E W Y O R K 
( A P ) 
A p p r o x im a l 
P r e v io u s d a y 
W e ek ag o 
M o n th ag o 
Y e a r a g o 
T ain y e a r , a g o 
Ja n t lo d a te 
19/6 lo d a 'e 
1975 to g i f . 

W H 
49' i 
S O H A 
H U 
7 o ? 
2 o U + l l * , 
I O U 
1 1 H A 
I S * , 
1$ + , 
W H A '' 
U U 
U H 
I I H - H 
4 9 ', 
4 9 ', 
4 9 , - 5 % 
7 H 
7’ t 
IH A '4 
24 ’ , 
2 4 * . 
2 4 * . 
W + , 
W U 
W U A 
U 

N Y S to c k s a le s * l l 42o o » 
19 66o Or* 
17 SMG OOI 
72.34o oV 
27.3o5 9 * 
18 .6 77 SU 
I o49 29o OO' 
1.4o 1.4 o 5 ,2 7* 
1.o51 253.461 

U A R C O I 3o 
7 
U n a rc o 
6o 
4 u n it L f I o6e 
4 
I 
J O U 
J O H 
I U n .N Y 2 86( 
6 
I 
5o 
SO 
U n B a n c p 84 IO I T I 
12 
H H 
J C a m p I IO l l 
96 
6 1 U 
4 o *. 
U n C a r b 2 IO 
8 IT T 
S 9 U 
5 8 *, 
U t'C m r c e l l 
4 
I H 
7 * . 
U n io n C p 
I J 
57 
6 U 
6 U 
U " E 'e c I 36 
8 172 
W U 
IS 
I U n E ' p f 
4 
/ IO 
47 ti 

3 6 H 
3 6 *. 
4 7>« 
4 2 * . 
T O H 
W H A '» 
S O H A At 
SO 
+ ' » 
U H 
6 1 U + 
' . 
59 
7 * . 
6 * * a 
'« 
I S * , 
47 
A It J 

N.Y. Bonds 

N e w 
N e w 
Y o r k 
I A P ) 
Y o r k 
S to c k 

A l l g L u d 
C V 4S 8 1 
A lc o a iC V S U s A I 
A n , A ir t 
C V 4 U 9 2 
A W F U 
C v 4 ' . 8 1 
A T T 
4 U B S 
A T I 
8 A M D 
A tc h is o n 
*S 9 5 
B t tn s t l 
As 2ooo 
B r u n s 
C V 4 ' ) S f I 
C a la b e r. 
C v 4s VO 
C h a s B t c V 4 U 9 3 
C h M S P 
Ss SSI 
C 'f i c p c v S H s Q O 
C o n A ir 
C v J ' /AT 
C o n f ll (C p 
7s89 
W 
C r a n e C o eves 
C r o c N 
5 5s94 o d P u n t 
8 *8 1 
F s" A ir c v S s A I 
E v a r t " 
C V 6 .9 4 
F e d d e r s t v is VS 
F o r d O 
C V I " .-AA 
G e n E IC r 
8 ' .e t 
G a n In 
< v H » 2 
G M o t A c 
Ss 77 
G M O * A t 
Ss 8o 
G M u t Ac 
8s93 
G T e t f 
C v5 s 9 2 
G r a c e 
I V A ' /SAA 
O r a n il c V 4 *« 9 4 
G r o t ta r 
A ' /s9> 
G u l f W n 
C V S ’ .9 3 
H e re u t 
C V A 1 ,9 9 
H e u b fh 
C V 4 ' ,9 / 
H .H u h 
C V S ’ /VS 
I n t T T 
C V S " ,S O O 
H e 'C p c v 7 s 9 $ 
I T v C n 
S s B ! 

T h u r s d a y ', s a n c t a . 
E x c h a n g e b o n d p r ic e s 
S a le s 
81oo o M (g h l o w C lO s e C h g i T I O N 
B O N O S 
25 
9o 
8 9 ' 7 
9o a 1 ' * 
11 
I O ! 
1o7 « 
1o8 
♦ I 
95 
5 3' ? 
S IH 
S I U 
4 
B A U 86 +• 
86 + , 
23 
Hi 
S I U 
B l - . — 
I , 
164 1o6 » 1o 5 *4 1 o 5 U - 
H 
2 
61 * , 61 + , 
61 J , 
$ 1o5 
1o5 
1o5 
I 
B B H 
B B H 
B B H 
32 
67 
4 7 
67 
1 
69 > . 6 9 * . 
6 9 * . 
5 
W H I J H 
I I H * 
' , 
5o 
91 B O U 
9! 
- U 
41 
49 48 
49 
+ 1 
<2 I O O '. IOO 
IOO 
7 
9 6 9 6 ’ / 
96 ? 
JO 
9 9 U 99 U 
99 U + 
' • 
12 1 o 3 U ( O I H 1 o 1 ' ?- 
U 
1o 1 
54 
S I U 
S I U - 
U 
25 
86 86 
86 
2 
5 4 '? 
5 4 'I 
5 4 U 
26 
7 9 U 
78 k 
79 *7 4 H 
75 I O T * , I O ! ' ? 1 o 7 H + 
U 
4 
66 66 
46 
+ 
U 
W IG O U 9 9 s , 
9 9 H — 
H 
4 
9 J H 
9 3 H 
9 3 * , - U 
82 
9 9 H 9 9 + , 
9 9 * * + 
I ., 
19 
7 4 ’ ? 7 4 U 
7 4 U a 
56 1o3 t 1o3 
1o 3 *? a 
U 
9 
7 4 ' I 7 4 ' , 
7 4 U + 1 
88 
4 4 H 4 3 U 
SB 
B S H 
83 
96 
9 * ' I 
BO 
6 6 '. 

I O C k b 
C V 8 U S 9 2 
8o 
J A H 
49 H 
49 H - 
H 
L o e w s 
A H S 9 3 
54 
T T H l l l l 
M G I C c v S s A l 
U 
6o+4 
6 o * . 
A O * . 
Vt Hr cor 
A ' ?s88 
65 
85 
8 4 * . 
8 4 * . 
M c Cr or 
7 +kS95 
SA 
5 7 * . 
SI' I 
I T ’ ? - 
Vt 
M e llo n 
5 A Ss 89 
3o 
M X H l o o n l o o n 
M u P a c R y 
J ' ,o 5 
J 
5 4 ' ? 
5 4 ' / 
54 n + 
'a 
M o P ac R y 
5S45I 
82 
54 
S 3 * . 
5 3 + 4 -- I . 
N a * C a s h 
( v A s A S 
14 
8 5 " , 
B S ' • 
I S H 
N D i s t 
C u t' .9 ? 
7 
98 
9 7 ' 
A t v i N Y N H 
*" 172 * 
53 
B H 
8 ' 
8 *2 
O c c P e * 
C V 7 ',9 6 
682 
12 7 
124 
1 7 7 
, 
I U 
P A A v 4 ‘ /B J 
4 
A l ' / 
A l 
A l ’ / , 
P A A 
: v 4 ' ,8 6 
17 
5 2 H 
5 2 H 
S I H — 
1 1 
P e n n / o il t v S U V A 
8 
9 6 * . 
V A H 
A a 1 , - 
* 7 
P e p s 1 c V 4 1 .9 6 
I IO 
H i 1 / 
I I I 
I W H — 
P l ./ e r 
I V 4 S V / 
8 
7 8 'k 
7 8 ', 
T I U + n 
R C A 
E V J ' / A I 
35 
7 1 * , 
T I A . 
T I U 
R a p A m 
S S BH 
111 
5 o * . 
5o 
S O '. 
B e y n M 
C V I * ,9 1 
J I 
T B H l l ' 
78 I , i 
R O C k i n ) 
C v 4* ,9 1 
35 
IA 
79 
19 s r a in " 
C V A ' 
O I 
31 
IT T 
175 
I T I 
- 
2 
S e a r s R 
J U S B J 
17 
B B H 
88 ' I 
B f , 
S e a r s R 
T H s B S 
3o 
I O U . 
1o 1 H 
1 o 1 H 
' , 
S e a 'r n L 
( v As 94 
25 
62 U 
62 n 
6 2 '/ 
H 
S m c l a .r 
C V 4 '*8 6 
3 
152 
152 
152 
- 
I U 
S * O ' I In d 
5 As 89 
44 
I O O " , 
IOO 
IOO 
- 
' • 
S la v en c v 4s AO 
5 
Z I 
Z I 
Z I 

G R O U P A V E R A G E S 
N E W V O R K I A P ) 
Th # fo llo w in g ll jiv e s to d a y 's a v e r a g e n e t c h a n g e fo r ti c o m m o n s to c k s tra d e d rn e a c h g ro u p 
A e r o s p a c e A ir c r a f t 
♦ 
A ir T r a n s p o r t u ni 
A u to 
T r u c k yni 
A u to P a r t , A A c c e s s o rie s on . 
B a n k s 
S a v in g s & Lo a n 
B e v e r a g e S o d D r in k s e \ 
B r e w in g 
D is tillin g on 
B u ild in g o n , 
C h e m ic a ls 
* 
C o m m u n ic a tio n y o 
C o n g lo m e r a te s D iv e r s ifie d un 
C o n ta in e r s P a c k a g in g 
» 
D r u g s 
M e d ic # ' S u p p lie s 
+ 
E le c tr o n ic s , E le c tr ic P r o d u c ts 
+ 
E m a n c e 
Un 
F o o d s C o m m o d itie s 
F o o d M a r k e ts A V e n d o r s 
+ 
G o ld , S ilv e r 
— w o te fs . M o te ** 
T o u r is m 
- 
H o u s e F u r m y r in g s 
* 
In s u ra n c e g o in v e s tm e n t C o m p a n ie s un 
M a c h in e 
T o o ls 
A 
A c c e 
' 
A’ 
A 
A l , 
M a c h in e r y 
+ 
M e ta l f a b r ic a tin g 
+ 
M in in g (n o n m e ta llic ) 
+ 
M o to r T r a n s p o r t A L e a s in g 
+ 
N o n fe r r o u s M a u l s 
» 
O ffic e E q u ip m e n t A S e r v ic e s 
A 
P a p e r P u lp 
+ le u * 
P h o to P r o d u c ts & S e r . _ „ 
P r e c is io n In s tru m e n ts W a tc h e s 
P r m fin g P u b lis h in g 
R a ilr o a d s . R a n E q u ip m e n t 
R e a l E s t a t e 
R e c r e a tio n , L e is u r e 
R e s ta u r a n ts 
R e ta il T r a d e 
R o b b e r T ir e s 
S h ip p in g S h ip b u ild in g 
Shoes 
L e a th e r P r o d u c ts 
S uap s C o s m e tic s , To t 
Steel Iro n 
T e x tile s A p p a r e l 
T u b a c co 
U tilitie s E le c tr ic 
U tilitie s G a s 

 la ir .a s 

94 

16 
I I H 
B I 
42 1 7 7 
126 
22 
97 
164 
58 U 

J J U A 
B S H • 
95 U a 
64 U 
1 1 
~ 
I?/ 
A 
96' / 
91 
5 8 , 
58 , 

S tq r e r 
T e ie d y 
T e n n c o 
T V A 
T W A 
U V l n d 
U P a c R y 
U n A i r L 
U S S ie e l 
W U C p 
W e s l g E I 
W h .i C n 
X e r o x 

 c v 4 ’ 7 ,8 6 
Io so 4 
( V 6 .9 2 
I o5s 99 
6 /S / it 
C V S J .9 I 
8 *.8 5 
C V 4 ‘ 49 7 
I H r . 96 
C V 5 U 9 T a u s v s 
C » 5 ' .9 2 
( V 4s9 5 
F O R E I G N 
3 ,9 3 1 

2 
B Z U 
B Z *, 
B Z U - ' 
13 1o1H W i n l o w , + 
' 
IS M S U 1 14 U 1 1 5 '? a I ' 
8 l o o n l e o n to o , - 
+ 
54 H O U M O U I i p * , — ’ 
78 
91 
8 9 * . 
91 
+ I* 
8 1o5 
ID S 
1o5 a * 
7 
5 4 * . 
5 4 * . 
5 4 * . 
218 
7 1 U 
Z I U 
Z I '* 
54 
57 
$7 
57 
- ' 
8 IG I 
IO O ' i 
IO O 
? - ' 
I? 
9 7 H 
9 7 '/ 
9 7 U — ' 
98 
9 3 ? 
93 
V l ' i 
B O N D S 
I 
V i n 
9 1 ' * 
9 1 U 

(.Olton 

N e w T U R K ( A H ) - C o lto n N o lu re s T h u rs d a y on the N e w Y o r k I 
E x c h a n g e 

 c m 
S r . . . 
M a y 
78 9o 
Jut 
78 9o 
75 4o 
T O M 
Z I oo 

O c t 
Dec 
M a r 

Ju t 
"es 
6 o5o 

79 OO 
78 95 
75 4o 
7 i ij» 
Z I OO 

 l l OO 
H O C 

 l l I I 
76 95 is rn 
68 9? 

78 o5 
79 
78 2o 
78 
74 SO 
IS 
IO 2o 
IO bTO SS b io BO 
TI b ZO to 
Z I I 

 a s k e d . b b 'd . n n o m in a l 

AMEX Options 

Option 
Aetna 
Aetna ~ 
Aetna 
Am Cya 
Am Cya 
Am Horn 
Am Horn 
Asareo 
Asarco 
Beat F 
Burrgh 
B u rrg h 
B u rrgh 
B u rrg h 
Chase 
- 
Chase 
Chase 
C Tel 
C Tet 
. 
Deere 
Deere 
D e a r* 
Dig Eg 
Dig Eq 
Dig Eg 
Dig Eg 
D t g 
S 3 * 
Dig Eg 
Disney 
Disney 
Disney 
Disney 
D isney 
Disney 
D isney 
1u Pnt 

Thursday, M ar. to 
6 p rice 
Apr 
Jut 
T v * b 
. 3o 
*/» v * 
35 
I i i 
5 1 * 
25 
3 a 
.3o 
1% 9 I* 
3o i n 
2'% 
.35 l l * t/4 
15 
37» 
37% 
. .2o 
----------- 

Oct Close b 
3o av* 
*% 
3'% fe 
23% b 
4 Va 
5 1* 15 I * 15 I* 
25 l l I * 15 I * 

3o 
3o 
27*% 
27H 
3o7s 
3o 7% 
18% 
183% 

. 7o 
.. .8o 
.. TO 
.IO O 
...2 5 
.. 3 o 
.35 

4* l l * l l * l l * 
*'/4 
’% l l * 

2% 
T I * l l * b 
6’% 
17% 
S I* 
. 1 5 13 I* 1 5 1 * a 
3 H 
V4 
I I t b 

1u Pn1 du Pnt to Pnt f s t Ch 
Psf Ch 
FSI Ch 
G Tai 
G Tel 
Gitlet .. . 
Gillet 
Goodyr 
Good yr 
G reyhd 
Gull O 
Gulf O 
.. 
Hercul 
H ercul 
M F C 
M F C 
L illy 
L illy 
L illy 
M e rril 
M e rril 
T e rril 
Mesa P 
Mesa P 
Mesa P 
M otrla 
M o trla 
M otrla 
Pl ite r 
P fite r 
. 
Phelps 
Phelps 
Ph Afer 
Ph AAor 
Pitney 
Pitney 
Proc G 
Proc G 
Rite A 
. 
Rite A 
S' Cal 
SI Cal 
St Cal 
T R W 
T R W 
T R W 
Tandy 
Tandy .. 
Tandy 
Tandy 
Texaco 
Texaco 
U Cart) 
U Carb 
U Carb 
U S S ! 
U S SI 
U S S ! 
W rn L t i 
Wrn Lm 
Westng 
Westng 

2o 
. 
25 
.. 3o 
35 
.. ..4o 
45 l l I* 
..4 * H 
5-1* 
...5 o l l * 
E q 
K »% + Vi 44 
. 4 o a 
.. .35 
4V4 
,.3 8 7% IT I* 
...4 o 
7% 
.434/4 
3 1* 
• ....4 5 
.. 48'J 
. . 5o 
.13o 
.13o 
14o 

 a 
3' 7 
7% a 
4'% 
2 
1’% 
% 

H 
'% 
5'/4 
24% 
2'% 
7% 

 l l * a 
11'% 
3'% 
S I* 

 a 
25'% 
<»% 
*7 
17 I * 
*7 
5-1* 
*7 b 
*7 b 
31'% 
2’% 
31'% 
'<% 31’% 
1’% 
I * 
Va 
I* 
34% 
28 
1H 
28 b 
28 
5'% 
42 
3’% 
42 b 
42 
1*% 
42 

 b 
42 a 
42 
*'% 
387/* b 
38 7% 
3'% 
387% b 
38 Vt 
17-16 
38 ”% b 
38 7% b 
38 '/a 

.1 4 '* 13 16 
.15 
IT 
..2 5 
.. 3o 
25 
3o 
.. . 2o 
. . . 2 5 
. . . 1 5 
25 
3o 
.. 25 
...3 o 
15 

I I t a 
S i* iv, i i * 

14% b b 
I 
2*% 
*1% 

3-16 
47% 

3% l l * 
54% 
..2o 11 16 
4o 
3'% 
.. 
45 
5o 
.7o 
. 
25 
....3 o 
3o 

V4 
3 1* 
134% 
*'/4 
2'/% b 

 b 
44% 
4% 
2'/% 
'/4 i m I* 2i i t l l * 
3 16 
4% 
7 1 * l l I* 
5'% 
5'% 
1'/% 
IV , 
13 1* 
14% 
1/4 
7 -1 * a b 
I 15-16 
4*4 a 
7 I* 15 16 a 
V* a 
4-4 
4% IT I* 23 I* 
I I * 
5 16 l l I* 

15'/% 13o'% 
8 ', 13o'/4 
4'/% 13o'% b 
144% 

Treasury Bonds! M arket Futures I 
S.A. Livestock 

„ NEViTVORK TA P T ^nC losing Over the 
Counter 
U.S. 
Treasury 
Bonds for 
Thursday. 
Rate M at. date 
Bld AskedBldC hgYid 
6.5oM a r lT77n 
7.38 A pr !T77n 
6.88 M ay lT77n 
9.oo M ay lT77n 
* 75 M ay 1T77n 
* 5o J un 
1T77n 
7 5o Jul 
1T77n 
7.75 Aug lT77n 
8.25 Aug 1T77n 
8 38 Sep 1T77n 
7.5o Oct lT77n 
7.75 NOV 1977n 
6 43 Nov lT77n 
7 25 Dec 1T77n 
6 38 Jan lT78n 

1oo.1 IOO 3 
1oo 9 1oo.11.. 
IOO 1o1oo.12 . 
1oo 221oo 244 
1oo 121oo 14 . 
IOO. 131oo.17 . 
IOO 3o1o1 2 .. 
1o1.3 1o1.7 .. 
1o1.131o1 17 . 
1o1 221o1.26 4 
1o1.1o1o1 14— 
1o1.171o1 -21.. 
1oo.261oo.3o 
1o1.111o1.IS. - 
1oo.231oo 27 4 
6.25 Feb 1978n 
1oo 2o1oo.24 4 
8 oo Feb 1978n 
1o2 8 1o2 12 
6 75 M ar 
I978n 
1o14 1o1 8 4 
6 5o A p r 
1978n 
1oo 281o1 
.. 
7 13M ay 1978n 
1o1 181o1.22— 
7 88 M ay !978n 
------------------ 
7.13 M a y 1978n 
6 88 Jun 
1978n 
6 88 Jut 
T978n 
7 63 Aug 1978n 
8 75 Aug 1978n 
6 63 Aug 1978n 
6 25Sep 1978n 
5 88 Oct 1978n 
6 OO NOV 1978n 
5.75 NOV 1978n 
5 25 Dec 1978n 
8 13 Dec 1978n 
5 88 
Jan 
1979n 

V I* 
4'% b 
5 
35 15 16 
24% 
4o 
3 I* 11 1* 
45 
5o 
...6 o 
25 
3o 

2 
3V» 
7-1* 17 I* 

5o 
. *o 
15 
. . . .2o 
8o 
9o 
15 
2o 
. 
35 

 a 
3’ , 
1% 
35 15 1* 
4o l l * 
5 

 a 
37a 
4% 
2V# 

 b b 
3'/, r n 
4*% 
2i% 
4%a i'%a 

 a 
37% 
'% 

I 
3 
7 1* a 
15 I* 

I 16 
6 
TO IT I* 
45 
3o 
35 
. 
4o 
3o 
35 
4o 
.45 
25 
. 
3o 
.5 o 

7 
24% 
5 I* 
I I* 
3'a 
I 16 
T 
.6 o 15 I* 
7o a 
45 
2*4 
.5 o 
3% 
55 a 
3o 
5 16 
. 3 5 
I I* 
15213 I* 
2o 
'a 
M ay 
1 
2o 23 I* 

7 I t IS I* 
7 a a 
4% 
*'% 
2'% 
14% 
4% b 
24% 
Va b 
3 
13 16 b 
5 
2'% 
Va 
3 Va 

 a 
6'« 
24% 
7 I* a 
*s% 
14% 29 16 a a b 

25 
.. IO 
IS 
2o 
25 
15 
2o 
2o 
25 
.5o 

4V# 
I ' , 
»% 
3'% 
7-1* 11-16 
IO a 
3'a 
4'/# 
5 1* b a 
4*% l'e llS I* 
5 I* b 
7a 15 I* a 
5 16 
3 
3 ', 
' , 
7% 
NOV 
24% 

144% 
144% 
294% 
2T3% 
?*v, 
2*'J 
2o4% 
2o4% 
144% 
3o 
3o 
234% 
234% 
2o 
2o 
427% 
427% 
427% 
194% 
193% 
194% 
34 
34 
34 
46'% 
46'3 
4*'% 
28” , 
28'% 
354% 
354% 
55'e 
55'% 
17'% 
17V, 
•23% 
824% 
144% 
144% 
41' a 
41'% 
4V a 
36'% 
36'% 
36'% 
37 
37 
37 
37 
28 
28 
59 
59 
59 
474% 
473% 
474% 
284% 
284% 
1734 
173% 

7.oo Feb 1979n 
5.88 Feb 1979n 
7.88 M a y 1979n 
7.75 Jun 
1979n 
6 25 Aug 1979n 
6 88 A ug 1979n 
8 5o Sep 
1979n 
6 25 NOV 1979n 
63 NOV 1979n 
oo NOV 1979n 
5o Dec 1979n 
OO Feb 198o 
5o Feb 198on 
5o M a r 198on 
88 M a y 198on 
63 Jun 
198on 
oo A ug 
198on 
88 Sep 
198on 
5o NOV 198o 
88 Dec 198on 
oo Feb 1981n 
38 Feb 1981n 
88 M ar 
1981n 
38M ay !981n 
oo Aug 1981 
63 Aug 1981n 
oo NOV 1981n 
75 NOV 1981n 
13 Feb 1982n 
38 
Feb 
1982 
OO M a y 1982n 
13 Aug 1982n 
88 NOV 1982n 
OO Fab 1983n 
25 Jun 
1978 83 
OO N ov 1?83n 

.1 
1o2.121o2 16........ 
TOI.191o1.23........ 
1o1.1o1o1.14........ 
1o1.111o1 15 . . . . 
1o2 121o2.16+ .1 
1o3 291o4.1 + .1 
1o1 
1o1.4 + .1 
1oo 141oo 18+ .1 
.1 
.1 
.1 
.1 
.2 
.1 

99.26 99 3o + 
IOO 
1oo.4 + 
99.18 99 22 V 
98.2o 98.24 4- 
1o3 161o3 2o V 
99 2o 99.24 F 

*3% 

1234 
7'% 
24% 
*a 

 b 
73, 
33# 

 b 
73% 
4 

7'% 29 16 
1'4h3 16 
3'a 

47% 
54% 
1H211 16 
3+4 
43% 
55 l l 16 17 I* 
... 2o 77 I* 39 I* 
25 a 3 I* 
IO 21 16 
15 
'a 
15 
9 16 
4% 
7o a 
I 16 
.1 5 7 
16 15 16 
3o 9 
16 l'» 17 I* 
15 l l 
I* 13 16111 16 
2o 
'a 
3 16 7 16 

74# 
3% 

6'% 
33 a 
4V, a a 
5 16 
24% 
4% 
I 
3 I* 
13% 

71V. 
217 a 
27 
72 
12 
22 
17 
17 
24'% 
24' 
52 Va 
52 7a 
22 '% 
22 ' ? 
114% 
114% 
14 v8 
14 
14 
29>* 
143/4 
143% 

A M F 
A M F 
A S A 
A S A 
A S A . . 
A S A 
Ayne! 
Avn et 
B ally 
. 
B ally 
Calerp 
C aterp 
Con Ed 
Con Ed 
Dr Pep 
Dr Pep 
FI Pas 
E l Pas 
Fieetw 
Grace 
I a Pac 
La Pac 
MGIC 
MGIC 
. 
N Dis! 
N Dis! 
N Dis! 
N Semi 
N Semi 
N Semi 
N or! S 
Penney 
Penney 
Penney 
Penney 
Phil P 
Phil P 
R e OO 
Res OO 
Res OO searle 
Sear Ie 
Simp P 
Sim p P 
Slang 
S le rlg tennco 
Tennco 
Tennco 
Tiqer 
Tiger 
T ig er 
Zenith 
Zenith to ta l volum e 48.478 
Open interest 1,o25,o73 a Not traded, b No option ottered 

15115 I* 
2'% 
27% 
I* ' ? 
2o 
»% 
I 
16’ ? 
TO 
5 a a 
24 r% 
25 t i I* 
I ’ ? 
247* 
.3o 
I I* b b 
247 a 
15 
A H 
47a 
53a 
19'* 
2o l l 1*115 1*2 l l I* 
19'% 
25 
'a 
'? l l I* 
19'% 
7o 
3 I* 
7 I* 
V% 
177% 
4o 
?'? 
3' ; 
43% 
4o7e 
45 
7 I* l»a 21 I* 
4o7% 
5o a 
'a b 
4o7a 
*o 
3 I* a b 
4o7% 
55 
334 
43% 
5»* 
57 v» 
. .TO l l I* 
2 a 
573% 
IO 
8' ? b b 
18'? 
15 
4 
4H 
43.4 
18'? 
2o 15 1*1 l l I* 
23 16 
18'? 
.. IO 29 I* 
23* 
3 
12'? 
15 
3 I* 
Va 
'? 
17'? 
IO 
3 Va 
33* 
4 
,3 'd 
IS 
7 I * 
13 I* 
I 
1 3 '! 
..15 
?% 15 I* 
13% 
153% 
7o a 
3 I* 
5 I* 
IS 1* 
3o 
V i 
3W 
4 
377a 
35 
3# 15 I* 
15 I* 
327 a 
4o a 
5 I* b 
327# 
1o111 1*115 I* 
?>* l l ' a 

. . 15 
1a 
5 I* 
7 1* 
11'% 
7o 
I I* b b 
11' a 
75 13 1*113 I* 
2V% 
243# 
3o 
3 I* 
' j 
13 I* 
243* 

Omaha Livestock 

O M AH A. Neb 
IA P ) (USDA) - Live 
•lock quotations T h u rsda y: 
Hogs 
5,ooo. barrow s and g ilts ta irty tctiv e ; steawyUutOO-otonally 25 higher 
J S I 3 195 74o lb 38 25 38 75; sows under ioolb25 SOIOwer over 5oolbs5trif 
3375 6oo b 34 OD 35 25. 
C attle and calves 
2oo. not enough 
.leers and heifers on otter to establish n a rk e t. sm all supply cows active to 5o ents h ig h e r; u tility and com m ericat ows 76 OO 78 5o , 7 law 29 OO. canner and utter 72 SO 25 SO 
Sheep None 
Estim ated receipts F rid ay 
C attle and ai yes 8oo w ith 6oo fo r auction, 
3,5oo oqs no sheep 

1o1.211o1.25+ .1 
99 IT 99.21 F .1 
1o3.151o3 19+ .1 
1o3 9 1o3.13........ 
1oo 2 IOO 6 + .1 
1o1.111o1 15+ .1 
1o5 I 1o5.5 
. .. 
99 22 99.26 F 
I 
1oo 211oo.25+ .1 
1o1 161o1 2o+ .1 
1o2221o226 
... 
93 24 94 8 
1oo 3 1oo.7 + .2 
1o2 181o2 26 .. 
IOO 261o1.2 + .2 
1o2 271o3.3 + .1 
1o7 
1o7 8 ........ 
IOO 161oo.24 
9o 2o 91.4 ........ 
97 6 
97.1o+ 
2 
1oo 221oo 3o+ .2 
1o1 291o2 5 + .2 
IOO 7 IOO 9 + .2 
1o1.281o3 4 + .2 
IOO 221o1.22 
1o2.2*1o2.28+ .2 
1oo 9 IOO 17+ .3 
1o3 6 1o3 14 4 .2 
96 2o 96 24+ .2 
98 6 
98 22 4 .2 
1o4 4 1o4.12+ .2 
1o4.221o4.3o * 
.4 
1o3 2o1o3 28 4 .3 
1o4 6 1o4 14 4 .3 
81.28 82.28+ .2 
99.1o 99 .14+ .2 
25 Feb 1984n 
IOO 7 IOO 11+ .3 
38 Aug 1984 
96 4 
97 4 ....... 
25 M a y 1985 
77 4 
71.4 ........ 
25 May 1975 85 
82 28 83 28 
88 M ay 1986n 
1o2 241o3 
4 .2 
1o3.2o1o3 24 4 .1 
95.4 
96 4 
OO Aug 1986n 
13 NOV 1986 
5o Feb 199o 
25 M ay 
199o 
25 Aug 
1987 92 
OO Feb 
1988 93 
6 75 Feb 1993 
5o Aug 
1988 93 
13 M a y 1989 94 
3.oo Feb 1995 
oo M ay 1993 98 
3.5o NOV 1998 
8 5o May 
1994 99 
! 88 Feb 
1995 OO 
8 38 Aug 
1995 OO 
8 OO Aug 1996 OI 
8 25 May 7ooo o5 
7.63 Feb 
7oo2 o7 

72 6 
73 6 
.. . . 
1o5 121o5 28 4 
4 
73 3o 74.3o 
... 
72 18 73.18........ 
95.1o 96 IO 
99 4 IOO 4 
7* 
73 
71 22 72 22 
96 26 97 26 t .2 
71.18 72 18........ 
1o6 8 1o6.24 
1o1.2 1o1 IO 
1o5 141o5 3o........ 
1o2 
1o2 16 . 
1o4 2o1o5 4 
. . . . 
98 4 
98 12. reasury notes. 
Bid and asked prices quoted in dollars and th irty seconds 
Subject to Federal axes but not to State income taxes 

4 36 
4.59 
4.56 
4.45 
4.6C 
4.63 
4 64 
4.SC 
4.85 
4 97 
5. ie 
5.21 
5.27 
5.35 
5 38 
5 41 
5.43 
5 51 
5.58 
5 62 
5 64 
5 64 
5.71 
5.76 
5.78 
5 77 
5 81 s ae 
5 92 
5 92 
5 94 
5 95 
5 97 
6o2 
6 OC 
6.o7 
6 o8 
6.14 
6 17 
6 22 
6 28 
* 3 3 
*3 1 
6.33 
* 39 
*1 8 
*4 2 
* 4 7 
* 5 o 
*57 
4.6o 
* 63 
6.24 
6 69 
* 72 
* 74 
6 79 
* 78 
* 5 5 
6 86 
6 86 
6 88 
6 92 
6 69 
6 98 
7 o2 
7 o3 
7 o7 
6 63 
7 11 
7.11 
6.88 
6.78 
. 
* 86 
7 42 
7 44 
6 67 
6 62 
7 54 
692 
6.73 
7.14 
7.48 
6 82 
5.4C 
7.2C 
5.73 
7.78 
7.74 
I U 
7.74 
7.79 
7.78 

CHICAGO (A P ) - j Futures tra d in g on the Chicago M ercantile Exchange Thurs d a y : 
Open 
High Lewdest 
Pry 
LIVE B E E F CATTLE (4o,o8o lbs) 
A pr 
38 65 39.3o 
38 55 38 85 39.87 
Jun 
41.o5 41 55 
4o 75 41.o5 41.15 
Aug 
42.oo 42.5o 
41 75 42 oo 42.1o 
Oct 
42 5o 
42.95 
42.3o 
42.5o 
42.5o 
Dec 
43.3o <3 82 
<3.1o 43.45 43 55 
Feb 
44.1o 44.47 
43 9o 
44.25 b44.32 
A pr 
44 6o 
44.87 
44.4o 
44.8o b44.S5 
Sales: A p ril 4*31; June 455o; Aug 1*17; 
Oct 348. Dec 289, Feb 87; A p ril 35. 
Open interest A p ril 17o*o; June 14874; 
Aug 7*31; Oct 2653; Dec 152o; Feb 9o1; 
A p ril 548. 
FEEDER CATTLE (42,ooo tbs) 
39.42 
4o.3o 
41 2o 

M ar 
39.5o 39 85 
A pr 
4o.4o 4o 92 
May 
41.2o 41.87 
Aug 
42 oo 
42.67 
Sep 
42.2o 42.72 
Oct 
42 45 42.8o 
NOV 
42.5o 43.15 
Sales: M arch 36. A p ril 14o; M ay 172; 
Aug *8; Sep 4o; Oct *9, Nov 18. 
Open interest: M arch 183; A p ril 731; 
M ay 1322; Aug 585. Sep 277, Oct 88o, Nov 
172. 
LIVE HOGS (3o,ooo lbs) 

39.5o b39.75 
4o 2o 4o 4o 
41.oo 41.25 
42 oo a42 22 a42 15 
42 o7 42.2o 
42.1o 
42.X 42.8o 
42 45 
42.5o 43.oo 
42 6o 

Apr 
34.55 
34.9o jiun 
3* 75 
37.35 
Jul 
38.85 
39.32 
Aug 
38 25 
38 *o 
Oct 
36 9o 
37 2o 
Dec 
37.1o 
37.6o 
Feb 
37.1o 
V ff 
Apr 
36 9o 
36.9o 
Sales: A p ril 17*2; June 18o6; Ju ly 7*9; 
Aug 31*; Oct 2o6, Dec 76; Feb 12; A p ril 

34 7o 
37.15 
39.1o 
38 55 
■ 37.2o 
3* 95 b37.*o b36 92 
37 .75 
37 95 b37.87 
36 65 b3*.75 b3* 8o 

34.22 
3*5o 
38. *6 
38 o5 
3* 5o 

34 35 
3* 45 
38 6o 
38.15 
3* 45 

 aril 56o5; June 4364; 
Oct 874; Dec 317, 
Open interest 
Apr 
July 2316, Aug 1449; 
Feb 1o3, A p ril 12. 
POTATOES( russet-burbanks) (8o,ooo lbs) 
7.7o 
7.74 
7 3o 
7 5o 
May 
NOV 
Mar 

X ) 
8.31 
8.5o 
8 42 
8 5o 

7.7o 
7.74 
7 45 
7.3o 
7 5o n7.49 nB 5* n8.5* 
8 31 
8.42 
8 o1 
8 5o 
8.5o 

SAN ANTO NIO (A P ) - Livestock prices compared to a «week ago. 
Cattie and calves-. Slaughter calves and yearlings fu lly 
1.oo higher. 
Slaughter cows I.OO higher and slaughter bulls 1.oo 
2.oo h igher. Instances 3.oo H igher Feeder deers and bulls m ostly 1.oo nigher a tte r oosing p art of Monday advance Feeder 
■teifers m ostly 1.oo hig h e r. Trade was moderate through out w ith good buyer at tendance and some outside buying Inter ests. 
Slaughter calves and y e a rlin g s ; good and choice 45o 7oo1b. 34.oo 35 25, few 55 5o 
And m ostly good 375 55o lb. 31.oo 34.oo, few 34.25 35.25 and standard and low good 
28.25 31.oo. 
Slaughter cows: u tility 2 3 and including ame 4 27 OO 31.OO, m ostly 28.5o and above late w ith some high dressing Including re ite ra te * at 31 6-32.25. C uttar 
24.O? 
29 5o, late la rg e ly 26.oo And above and canner and low c u tte r 2o.oo 25.oo w ith some In weakened condition down to 
I* oo. 
Slaughter b ulls: yield grade 1-2 1ooo 
15oo lb 
31.oo 35.5o, Some h it*) dressing yield grade I 112o 175o lb. 38.oo 39.oo. 
Feeder steers and b ulls: choice 3oo 4oo lb. 42.75-46.75, late 42.75-45.oo ; 4oo 6oo lb. 
41.25 43.75, fe w 44.oo w ith late sales 41.25 
43 5o. Good and choice 3oo-5oo lb. 39.25 
42.25, few e a rly 415o 44 oo; 5oo*5o lb 
37.oo 4o 5o late w ith e a rly week's sales 
38 5o 42.oo 
M ostly good 275 5oo lb. late 
35 75-39,oo. Some thin kinds 39 25 4o.25 
5oo 7oo lb. 34.75 38 5o w ith some 725 1ooo lb. 32 5o 3* 5o, tate 32 5o-34.oo. Standard and low good 31.oo 35.oo w ith savers! lots including bulls 8oo 11oo1b. 32.25 33.5o. 
Feeder heifers: good and choice 3oo-55o lb 33.5a 35.5o, late 34 OO And above. Most- ly good 3oo 6oo lb. 31.25-34.25, few late 
34.5o Standard and low good 28.oo 31.oo. 
O thers: good and choice cow and ca lf o sirs 279.oo 3o5.oo o34 G84. 
Good and choice 35o 5oo lb. M ostly crossbred re placem ent heifers 35.5o 38.oo Late. M ostl 
' ice 4oo-4 fly good 
32.5o. Lot good 7$oTb, Y earlings 31.5o 

_______________vastly good few choice 4oo-475 lb. 33.oo-34.5o 
Fe 
"ew thin mostly 
295-48o lb. 31 OO 

 ay 
Sales: M ay 34; Nov 2; M arch o; A pril 
I; May I 
- 
- ‘ 
• M ay 179; NOV 44, M arch 

■ 
~ 
' 
5oo dot) 
6o.X 
517o 
48 65 
49 6o 
X X 
54.75 
1o5. A p ril 
June 24, Jut 24 Sep I. 
M arch 481; A: 
M ay 429, June 11o; Jul IO, Sep 3. 
PORK BELLIES (16,ooo lbs) 

M ar 
Apr 
May 
Jut) 
Jul 
Sep 
Sales 

6o X 
51 7o 
<8 65 
49 5o 
5o X 
54 75 
M arch 

59 65 b59 85 
6o X 
51.X 
51 25 
51.75 
48 X b48 5o 
48 SO 
49.oo 
49.25 b49 5o 
X X 
5o 15 
X 4o 
54 75 
54.75 
54 6o 
1*5; M ay 45; 

Hogs: barrow s and g ilts m ostly .5o low et and sows steady on Monday and nei­ ther class tested there afte r. 
Barrow s and g ilts : US 1 3 2oo 235 lb. 
37 25 to m ostly 37.5o 
US 2 3 2oo 26o lb. 
35 X 37.X . 
Sows: US 1 3 3oo4oo lb. 31.oo 33.oo, 4 X tao lb X X 31 X . few US 1 2 4 X 45o lb. 
31 5o 

7o3; 

Mar 
May 
Jul 
Aug 
Feb 
Mar 
Sales: 
Aug 2*8 

51 TO 
49 95 t»51. IO 5o 35 
52 7o 
X.55 
SI X 51. IO 
53 4o 
51 45 52 75 52 X 
52.X 
TO.25 
S L X 5o 4o 
54.1o 
52.5o a53 TO b 53 .» 
5 i » 
53.25 
51 IO |53 TO bS2.45 
M arch I X ; M ay 3*47; Ju ly 1112; 
Fab 43; M arch 2. 

5o 45 
51.X 
52 X 
5o*o 
53 X 
51 » 

(?pen interest: M arch 71*; M a y 431o; 
July 26o8. Aug 1187, Fab 176; M arch 83. b 
B id; a -Asked; n— N om inal 

K.C. Livestock 

KAN S AS 
C IT Y 
(A P ) — 
C a ttle 
4,5oo 
B u lk s u p p ly fe e d e rs con 
.igned to the 
IO a.m . auction. 
Hogs 
2,1oo: 
B a rro w s and g ilts 
■nosily 
25 h ig h e r; 
I J 21o 225 lb 
18 75 39 OO. 
1 3 
2oo ?5o lb 
38.5o 
18 75 
Sows, w e ig h ts u nd e r 
SOC b s te a d y ; 
5 X ib and h e a v ie r it cady to 
25 h ig h e r; l l 
33o 5oo ib 
33 5o 34 oo; 
5oo *oo lb 
35.5o 
15 75 
E s tim a te s to r 
F rid a y : c a ttle 
IX ; hogs f,4 X ; sheep 25. 

M ar 
Apr 
M ay 
Jun 
Jul 
Aug 
Sep 

BROILERS (3o,OTO lbs) 
4o.75 
41.o5 
4o 75 
TO 85 
4o.87 
39 IO 
3 9 .fi 
39. IO 
39 2o 
39 32 
39 TO 
39 85 
4o 8o 
39 TO 39.TO 
39. TO 
4o 6o 
4o 6o 
4o,TO TOTO 
41 TO 
41.7o 
417o 
41.7o 
41 TO 
41 65 
41.65 
41.55 
41.55 
41.5o 
- ------ 
- — 
TO 75 
TO TO 

Metals 

N E W Y O R K (API steel No. I heavy was 
P ittsburgh scrap 
Heavy was quoted Th by Iron Age at 372 X 73.X uoted Thursday 

NEW YO R K (A P ) — Spot com m odity 

Over the 
Counter 
Quotations fro m the HASD a rc re p re ­ s e n ta tiv e in te r d e a le r p ric e s as of ap p roxim ately 3 p.m. Inter dealer m arkets change throughout the day. P rices do not include re ta il m ark-up. m a rk down com m ission. 
M ar. IO, 1977 

Alam o Savings 
Am er Fdrs 
Am mest 
Am er. Sec. C t 
Bexar Co Bk 
Cafeterias Inc. 
Comm Prop 
Cullen 
Dataoomt 
Dorchester Gas 
El Paso Elec 
Forest OII 
Fronk 
Ft. Som Bk Shares 
Frost Bk 
Gulf Energy 
Handy Dan 
H enry S. M iller 
Kelly Field NII 
M ere of Tx Comm 
M ere of TX Ptd 
M erchants 
NBC of Tex 
O lym pia Brew 
Peninsula 
Plato 
Pogo 
Shop Comm 
Shoo Ptd 
S enior 
Stwart & Stvnson 
Texas Intl A ir 
Tipperary 
Transport Lit 
W eatherford Intl 
Winos 

Bid 
16' ? 
15J* 
V * 
V a 
34 
18’ ? 
4 ', 
15'« 
2 2 ' ? l l ’ a 
11’ 4 
19^4 
22-** 
31 
2o’ ? l l ' j l l ' * 
HU 
2o 
26*a 
66 4 
19 
36 * 
48’ ? 
14 
7 
13 
?7a 
9 ? 
13 
13? 
4'4 
21 
SJ* 
127a 
,22it 

Asked 
17’ 
16J 
3'% 
4 

19' 
41- 
16V 
23' 
113# lif e 
2o V 
23’ 
33 
22' 
12' 
12’ 
9J 
21 Va 
27' 
67 Va 
2o 
38' i 
49' 
143< 
7'a 
13' 4 
31# 

13' 
14 
43 
21 'a 
6' a 
133 
2£Li_ I 

Cash Grain 

FORT WORTH (A P ) - Wheat export 
’ 96' ? 3 45' ? 
Yellow corn 2 69 2 75 
Oats 
? o6' 1 2 X ' j. Y ellow sorghum 4 35 45o. 

KANSAS C ITY (A P ) - Wheat 45 cars: 
OU '4 to 7c; No 2 hard 2 65 2.79' ?; No 3 
1 l l ' 7 . No 2 rad wheat 2 65'% 2 69'.%n; No 
3 2 63'4 2 68' ?n. 

CHICAGO (A P ) — W heat No 2 h ard red w inter 2 65’ in Thursday; No 2 soft red w in te r 246'%n 
Corn No 2 yellow 
2 TO'/*n (hopper) 2.53>*n (box). Oats No 2 heavy 
1.91n. 
Soybeans 
No 
I yellow 
8 a 1 ?n. 
No 2 yellow corn 
Wednesday was quoted at 2 6o' ?n (hopper) 253’ rn (box). 

o31o 13oopes a 17 vsv v e e v ................................................... 
BC W heat-KX, 
KANSAS C ITY (A P ) — G ra in futures 
Thursday on the Kansas C ity Board of 
Trade 
W H E AT (5.ooo bu) 
Open 
H igh . .Low Close .P re v. 
M ar 2 69 
2 69 
2 67 
2 67 
2.72 
May 

 prices (Wholesale): 

Alum in urn, lb ,N .Y . 
A ntim ony, A m erican 

.31 
.31 
.19 

21o 19 
213 92 
162 X 
155 OO 
171.5o 
125 X 

Lead, lb 
Pig Iron, f.o.b fd ry 
Buffalo, Grsstn21o 19 
P latin u m ,try tN Y 162 X 
Q u ickslvrF lskN Y 171.X 
Steel scrap, gross ton, 
Phlla Chi P itts. 
72.17 
72.17 
16 17 
Tin. Ib N Y. 
5 4699 
5-5113 3 4821 
Zinc. Ib 
.37 
.37 
.37 
NEW y o r k (A P ) — bpot nonferrous m etal prices Thursday: copper 71*% cents a pound, U S destinations; lead 31 cents a pound; zinc 37 cents a pound, delly ered; tin $5.5113 a pound. New Y o rk ; gold 
$147 o5 per troy ounce. New Y o rk ; silver 
54 X per troy ounce, New Y o rk ; quick silver 5171 X nom inal per fla sk. New 
York. 
Here is the gold futures tra d in g tor 
Thursday, M arch IO, 1977: 

IOO-. 

2 77'? 
2.73 
2 .7 3 '* 
Jul 
2 83’ % 
2 83*4 
2.793% 
2.8o'% 

"? 9 o 
2 9o’ % 
2 86*4 
2 87'% 
EOC 2 99 
2.99 
2 96*% 
2 97'% 
Sales. 49. 

2.78'/% 
2.8534 

2.92 
3.o1*% 

M a t* 
Jun 
Sep 
Dec 
Mar 
Jun 
Sales 
Dec 385 

Open 
Chicago M arcan1 roy ounce contract* 

High Low Cl ow intl)# Exchange 
Pry 

148 4o 148.4o 146 X 14* 5o 
147 4o 
149 4o I X 4o 147.7o 148.1o 
149 4o 
151 TO 152 6o 149 9o I X IO 
151.8o 
154 3o 154 9o 152 X 153 X 154 4o 
M a M M f l M H . n ) 155 4o IS* 3o 
159 X 159 ta 157 X 157.7o IX IO 
15* 8o IM W 154 

Ft. Worth Livestock 

FORT 
W ORTH 
(A P ) 
— 
Livestock jrices com pared to a week ago 
Cattle and calves 
Slaughter cows firm 
o I X higher 
Full ad vance on canner 
<nd cuber 
Slaughter bulls steady. Few laughter Calves steady feeder steers tnd steer calves I X higher Feeder H eil 
•rs and heifer calves 1 oo 2 oo higher im ited supply stock Cows firm . Demand noderate trading active. 
Slaughter cows: U tility 1-3 2*oo 29 X ; utter 24.X 28 X Canner 2o X 24.25. 
Slaughter bulls bs 
3 f X 3 4 X . 

T reasury Bills 
N EW YO R K (A P I 
J 
U S Treasury B ills tor Thursday 
Bid Ask Y id 
Due 
1977 
3 IO 
3 17 
3 24 
3 31 
4 5 
4 I 
4 14 
4 21 
4 78 
5 3 
5 5 
5 17 
5 19 
5 7* 
5 31 
* 7 
* 9 
6 I* 
* 73 
6 28 
* TC 

4 55 4 33 o 26 
4 X 4 2* 4 32 
4 48 4 2* 4 37 
4 48 4 7* 4 33 
4 44 4 28 4 35 
4 44 4 3o 4 37 
4 43 4 77 4 35 
4.51 4 39 4 47 
4 53 4 41 4 X 
4 X 4 46 4 55 
4 X 4 48 4 57 
4 59 4 49 4 59 
4 ta 4 5? 4 *2 
4 6o 4 52 4 63 
4 ta 4 X 4 61 
4 61 4 55 4 66 
4 62 4 X 4 7o 
4 66 4 6o 4 77 
4 6* 4 X 4 71 
4 7o 4 6o 4 73 
4 69 4 *1 4 79 

7 7 
7 14 
7 21 
7 26 
7 28 
8 4 
• ll 
• IS 
8 23 
8 75 
9 I 
9 I 
9 2o 
1o IS 
11 15 
12 13 
1978 
I IO 
7 I 
3 7 

4 74 4 66 4.1o 
4 75 4 67 4 SI 
7 79 7 71 4 86 
4 Bl 4 71 4 86 
4 81 4 73 4 88 
4 84 4 76 4 92 
4 86 4 SO 4 97 
4 89 4 I t 4 98 
4 91 4 83 S OI 
4 91 4 83 5 OI 
4 91 4 15 5 o3 
4.91 4 87 5 o6 
4 98 4 88 5 o7 
5 o5 4 97 5 17 
5 IO 5 o2 5 24 
5 14 5 o6 5 29 

5 17 5 o9 5 34 
5 22 5 14 5 4o 
5 22 5.18 5 4* 
Subiec! to Federal 
•axes bul not to 
S ta te in c o m e 
(axes 

Y ield grade I 875 13X yield G rade 2 13oo 16oo bs 34 X 3* X 
Slaughter calves 
Good end choice 3 X 
OO lbs 3o X 34 X 
Feeder steers: Choice XX) 5oo lbs 4o X 
5 X 
5X IOO lbs 37 X 4o 75; low 7oo BX bs 33* X 39 X fe e d er heife rs: 
Choice 
3oo 6oo lbs. 
12 X 35 X ; good 3o X 34 X 
Stock cows: Good and choice 2 8 X 3 1 X . 
Hogs Compared w ith last week 
Barrow s and g ilts closed I X tower. US 
2 2 X 23o lbs 36 5o 38.oo late 3* X 37 X , 
IS I 3 19o 2X lbs 3* X 37 X , US 2 3 2X 
>7o lbs 
35 X 36 5o. US 13 1X 17o lbs 
O X 
Sows 
Steady, US 13 ISO 4 X lbs 32 X 
O X , US I 3 4X 6oo lbs 31 X 32 X 
Sheep 
75 choice and p rim e spring laughter lam bs 85 95 lbs 48 X 5o X . Old rop slaughter lam bs 9o 1o5 tbs 
45.X ta do 

Amarillo Livestock 

A M A R ILLO , 
Ta* 
(A P ) 
Panhandle tree ca rlo t m eat trading and dem and on 
Jeer and heifer carcasses Thursday vary 
•ahi L im ite d sales steer beef steady to 
LTO tower, heifer beet steady to X tow er, 
>u! not enough any ulass sold to fu lly lest rends 
Packers reported lig h t interest rom all areas 
Steer beet choice 3 5oo 9oo lbs 57 X 
H eifer beet: choice 3 5oo IOO lbs 56 25 
File N OAM E A lready E *is ts ... F ile Not 
Stored 

 ek ago 
. 
.. 
13*4 a . 
1977 tf>* 
197* 
High 
LOW 
_ 
(192* average equals IOO) 

©tm# 

 o is. 

.. .and there are many more just like her in our classified 

 ad department who are specialists in writing ads that will 

 sell what you have to offer! It is her job to tell your story 

 in as few words os possible, yet make your ad pull max­ 

 imum results in minimum time. 

Di° l 

 direct line to classified ads 

SAN ANTONIO EXPRESS— Friday March 11 1977 
WI—Drains 
. 

W I— D e a t t s 

Prev. Year 

T “ 
« 
D V , 
*,1 ° 

1.78 
1.78 
1 6o 

BALLANTYNE 
Thomas D. Satlantyne, ope IX, et 
7*8* Westfield, died Wednesday, in Uvalda, Tax. He was a graduate of John Jay High 
School, Class af '73. Survivors: 
Parents, Mr. and Mrs. George D 
Ballantyne; brother, M ichael 
George Ballantyne; sister, Mrs. 
Carolyn Elizabeth Ousset, all af 
San Antonia; grandmother, Mrs. 
Julia McConnell, Oroville, Calif. 
Service Saturday at It o’clock In the Georgian Chapel of the Perter 
Loring Mortuary, the Rev. Robin 
Polk officiating. P allbearers: 
John P ratt, Tem G arcia, Joe 
Ousset, Michael Ballantyne, Ken 
Conont, and James Vonetter. In­ terment in Mission Burial Park 
North. Arrangements with farter Loring j 1o1 M cCullough 2 2 7 *3 2^ 

Copper. E le ctro lytic 
.71*% 
.71*% 
.43*% 
Gold. troy oz.NY 147 o5 
145 9o 
133 9o 
S ilver, troy oz. N Y . 
4 BX 
4 825 
4 255 

M arch *5, June 238o ; Sop 47o; 
M arch ® ; Jun 3 
New Y o rk C om m odity Exchange ‘ 
IOO troy ounce contracts 
M a r 
147.X 147.X 147 X 
145 9os 147 2o 
Apr 
(47 4o 148 7o 144 4o 144.7os 148 X 
Jun 
149 2o 1X 2o 148 7o 
148.3os 149 X 
Aug 
1 X 8o 151 TO 149 ta 
149.8os 151 X 
O ct 
152 6o 153 2o 151 X 
151 4os 152.4o 
Dec 
154 TO 153 2o 152 6o 
153 1os 154.3o 
Fob 
154 X 155 *o 154 TO 
154 8os IM X 
Apr 
157 
X 157.X IM . IO 
156 5os 157 TO 
Jun 
159 4o 159 4o 157 X 158.2o% 159 4o 
Salsstimated 3,573. s settling 

NEW YORK 
(A P ) — S ilver fu tures 
Thursday on the N ew Y ork C om m odity 
Exchange. 
. Open. .H igh 
. Law. C lo se .. Pray. 
N Y. S ILV E R (5,ooo troy oz) 
Mar 
484 
8o 
484 BO 478 X 478 5os 48* 8o 

49$ 3o 49o 5o 
478.8o 
482.oos 49o.3o tot 
495 
X 
495 X 483.X 484 9os 495 X 

” >oo IO 
5oo TO 
489.OO 
491.8os 5oo.2o 
Dec 
5o8 
X 
SOI X 495 oo 499 3os X 7 .7o 
Jan 
51o 7o 
51o.78 
499 1o 
SOI 7os 51o 2o 
Mar 
516 
oo 
51* X X 3 X 5o6 7o* 515 2o 
May 
,5!* 
5J 9 5o J ’ 3 w i l l 7os 52o 2o 
Jut 
525 
8o 
525 8o 51* X 514 4os 52o X 
Sales estim ated 
13.ooo s settling 
S ILV E R (i.aao troy « > 
M ar 
471 X 484 SO 
Apr 
488 X 488 X 47* X 479 X 488 X 
May 
489 X 489 X 477.oo 482.X 48o.5 
Jon 
493 TO 493 X 481 TO 481 2o 493 JO 
Aug 
498.X 498 X 48* X 489 OO 498 X 
O d 
5o2 X 5o2 5o 491 X 494 o 5o3 5 
Dec 
5o8 X 5o9 X 49* X 499 X X I 3o 
Fab 
513.X 513 X X 1 .5 5o4 X 513.4o 
Apr 
514.X SIS X 5o6 X 5o9 *o S II TO 
Jon 
517.X 518..X S11.X 514.7o 524 OO 
Aug 
524.X 527 X 517 X 519 8o 529 X 

Trend et Staple Prices 
N EW YORK (A P ) - Th* Associated 
Press weighted wholesale p rlca inda* of 
35 com m odities (Insert to com e) 
P revious D ay 392 17. Waak ago 388 42 
Month ago 378 8*. Year ago 
197* 
197$ 
1974 
394.14 
384 14 
3*8 57 
3U 28 
351.14 
351.51 
335 *4 
331 97 

BETTICE 
Howard E. B ettie*, 3151 Real 
Drive, pasted away in a local ho­ spital Thursday, March IO, 1977 at th# aga of 55 years. Survivors: 
Wit*, Mrs. Dorothy S. Bettie*; daughter, Pamela Jo Vasbinder; sons, Bart B. Battle* and Dudley 
H. Bettie*; tour grandchildren, all of San Antonio. Services will be held from tho Delicrast Chagal 
Saturday, March 12 at 1o:oo a.m. with Rev. Leroy Hubley officiat­ ing. Th* interment wilt follow in 
Chapel Hilt Memorial Gardens. 
Mr. Bettie* was a member of An­ chor Masonic Lodge Ne. 424 
AF AAM and Order of tho Moot# 
No. 744. The family appreciates the beauty and sentiment ex­ pressed in flowers but desires that friends make donations to the 
American Heart Association ar a 
Charity at their choice. Arron- gem ents with 
Brl Ur rut 
MOO Se W W. White Rd. 337-4o82 

BLUMBERG 
Mrs. Tan! W. Slumber*, age 77, of 
339 Camaban Av*., died Tuesday, 
March 8, 1977 In Houston. She was a m ember et Alam o Haights 
Methodist Church tor I* ytars; and a resident cf San Antonio tor 
59 ytars. Survivors: Husband, R. 
J. S lum ber*, San Antonio; daughter, 
M rs. 
G eraldine 
S trader; sen, D r. Randolph 
•lu m b er*; grandchildren, Or. 
Noel Strader, all at Houston, Mr*. 
Bonnie Barksdale, M onterey, 
Cant., Mrs. Judy Olsen, Ran and 
Richard Slumber*, oil of Hous­ ton; tour great grandchildren; sisters, Mrs. Paula Kattner, Dal­ las, Mrs. Meta Vordendaumen, 
Miss Julia W lederstein, M rs. 
Nealy Muth, all af San Antonio. 
Service Saturday at I o'clock in th# Geer Wan Chapel of th* Porter 
Loring Mortuary, the Rev. Don 
Dolaplain officiatin g . 
Pall- b t o r t r t : 
Randolph W illiam 
•lumbar*. Richard James Slum­ ber*, Or. Noel R. Strader ll, Jack 
Muth, Timothy Vordendaumen, 
Clinton Blumbert. Interment in 
Sunset Memorial Park. A rran­ gements with 
Baiter Loring 
I io i M cCullough 337- U 21 

111— D e a th s 

BRAUNAGEL 
Mrs. Eva Ney Braunagcl, et 1543 
Babcock Rd., passed away March 
18, 1977 Hi a local hospital at tho age of S* years. Survivers: Hus­ band, M r. Henry A. Sraunagel, 
San Antonio; daughters, Mrs. 
Mary Brounagal Brown, England and Mrs. Rosa Brauna**! Ains­ worth, N.J. Rosary will be recited 
8:88 p.m. Friday a1 Oak Hills 
Chapel. Funeral services wilt be hold 1o:88 a.m. Saturday at Oak 
Hills Chap#! with Rev. Anthony 
Costantino atflcio ttn g . 
Th * remains will than ba sant ta th* 
Johnson Funeral Home, Pawhus­ ka. Okla. for interment in th* 
Pawhuska C em etery. A rran - foments with rn mib 
BO** FradaHckabwg 
*oo-7111 

COCHRAN 
Mr. Baniamin Floyd Cochran, af 
Rf. 4, Sax 13*, Seguin, Texas, born in San Antonio April 29, 19o7, entered raw March 8, 1977 af the age et *9 years. Religious ser­ vices will be conducted in th* Max 
Martinez Chapel Friday, March ll, 1977 at 8:8o p.m. Funeral ser­ vices will be conducted in th* Max 
M artinez Chapel S aturday, 
March 12, 1977 at 9:3o a.m. with 
Rev. Amador Menzon officiating. 
Concluding services will follow in 
San Fernando No. 2 Cemetery. 
Survivers: W ife, M rs. M ary 
Cochran; daughters, Mrs. Mary 
Lucille Carroon, Mrs. Rosie El­ vira 
B em o l; sons, 
LeRoy 
Cochran, Robert Cochran, Doug­ las Cochran, Frank Cochran; sis­ ters, Mrs. Beatrice Reynolds, 13 grandchildren and two tre a t grandchildren. Services under th* direction of iRttx m a rtin ez 
BOIS W. Martin 
227-6281 

Need 
Extra 
Cash? 
Sell! 
Sell! 
Sell! in the 
Merchandise 

Mart 
Call 
225-1666 
Express/News 

COULTRESS 
Mr. Louis Garza Captress, 54, of 
*8o Gentleman Rd., died March 9. 
1977. LHO resident of San Antonio, member af SI. Paul's Catholic 
Church. Survivors: W it*. Mrs. 
Bertha B. Captress; daughter. 
Mr*. Raymond (Sandra) Davlln; son, Charles E. Coolness; sisters, 
Mrs. Clamant* (Stele) Villareal. 
Mrs. Minnie David, Mrs. Luis 
(M a ry ) M arm olela; brothers, 
Robert O. Coultress, Joe G. Cout­ ures*. Rudy G. Coultress, all of 
San Antonio; g ran d ch ild ren . 
Katherine Coultress. Brownsville, 
Tex., Scott Devlin, San Antonio; numerous nieces and nephews. 
Rosary will be recited 8 p.m. 
Friday, March l l . Roy Akers 
Funeral Chapels. Mass f a.m. Sa­ tu rd ay, M arch 12, SI. P a u l'* 
Catholic Church, Rev. Bernard E. 
Popp. Celebrant. Interment San 
Fernando Cemetery Ne. 2 with 
Full Military Honors. 

515 No. Main 
226-72o1 

GROBE 
H. J. Grab*, et Falfurrias, aga *3, died in Cerous Christi hospital atter a lengthy illness. He was a 
Ret. Manager at H E B. Stores. 
Ho Is survived bv his wit*, Kath­ ryn G rab* af F a lfu rria s ; two sons, B. E. G rab *, of Hondo 

111— D e a th s 

MOUNGER 
G rover C. M o u n te r, e g * 91, services 3 p.m. Saturday at th* 
M a rrs Jones F u n eral H am *. 
Smithville, Texas. Survivors: 
Two sons. William I. Mounger of 
Canyon Lake, Texas, Philip C. 
Mounger, M ill V olley, C alif.; 
James J. Grebe, af Houston, and i daughters, 
M rs. 
M a rg a re t three granacniiaren. in ««au or flowers family requests donations may ba made te th* Church et their chetce or the MS Fund. Ser­ vices Saturday at 3:8o p.m. at the 
First Methodist Church. In ter­ ment in Falfurrias Burial Pork. 
Arrangements by 
Howard-Williams Funeral Homa 
Falfurrias, Texas 

Rhodes. Canyon L a k t, M rs. 
Beverly Denman, Bellaire, Tex­ as, Mrs. Joan Davit, Texas City; two sisters, Mrs. C alli* Poeut. 
Smithville, Mrs. Alice Hundnatl, 
San O ab ritl, Calif.; six grand­ children and throe great grand­ children. Arrangements bv 
Marrs Jones Funeral Heme 
Smithville, Texas 
HIGDON 
Mrs. Loa Jean Higdon, 59, af Star 
Route I, Box 213, Spring Branch, 
Texas, died March IO, 1977. Re­ sident et Spring Branch and a member of M a cA rth u r P ark 
Lutheran Church. Survivors: 
Husband, John C. Higdon, Spring 
Branch, Tax.; daughters, M r*. 
Loa Kousal and M rs. Susan 
Granucd, bath af Albuquerque, 
New M ex.; brother, Joha T. 
Stewart, Washington, Iowa; sis­ ter, Margaret Alice Stewart, Del 
Mar, Calif.; grandchildren, Mrs. 
Tim Treece, Albuquerque, New 
Mex., Kirk Kousal, Waco, Tex., 
Keith Kousal, Phoenix, Ariz. Ser­ vices t:45 p.m. Monday, March 
14, MacArthur Park Lutheran 
Church, Pastor G. W. Schwanan- berg officiating. Interment Ft. 
Sam Houston National Cometary. 
Pallbearers, Keith Taylor, Clark 
Hattter, John Lintborgar, Hector 
Mondos, Robert Bucker, Hector 
E. Mendez. II friends so desire contributions may be made to th# 
American Cancer Society. Visita­ tion will be held at Sunset Funeral 
Heme starting I p.m. Saturday, 
March 12. 
Funerdfe 
H om e 
828 2811 
SUNSET 

17o1 A ustin Hwy. 

RAGLAND 
Mrs. Virdo F. Ragland. SS, af 1158 
W. winnipeg, died March 9. Fun­ eral services 2 p.m . F rid a y , 
March ti, Roy A ker* Funeral 
Chapelt. In term ent Roselawn 
Memorial Park. 

515 No. M ain 
226-72o1 

SAMPLE 
James Howard Sample of 7427 
Cheryl Dianne Cr. pasted away 
Thursday, March to In a local hospital. Funeral services will ba conducted in Mission Park Fun­ eral Chapel North on IN IO at 2:oo p.m. Saturday with informant to follow. Arrangements bv ti) 

M IS S IO N P X H K 
FUN IR Ai CHAPELS 
17oo S C. Military Dr 

Ejfc] 

EXTENCE 
Mrs. Myrtle Meta Extence of 41o 
Chauncey, died March to, 1977. 
L it* resident of San Antonio, member at Casita Hills Christian 
Church. S urvivors: B ro th er, 
Dover Tom arlln; sister, M rs. 
Minnie Tomarlln Voelckar; ne­ phew, Aubrey Tom trlln; niece, 
Mrs. Willie May Tomarlln; tls- ler in law, Mrs. Elsia Tomarlln. 
Grand nopbaw. Jamas Aubrey 
7 em or Im and wife. Debbie, areal grand mace, Miss Laurel Le* 
Tem erlin, all of San Antonio. 
Graveside services and interment t i a.m . S aturday. M arch 13, 
Coker C em etery. M r. H o rry 
Owens officiating. It friends se desire Memorial Offerings may be mode to the charity at their choice. 

515 No. Main 
226-72o1 

GILLIS 
Frank P. Gillis. 52, Rf. 4, Canyon 
Lake, died March I, 1977 in a San 
Antonio hospital. He was a sales­ man for Amtac Electric Supply 
Co. Survivers: Daughter, Mrs. 
Toby Jean Bishop, Ingleside, 
Tex.; sons, Randy K„ CMv and 
Alex Gillis, Corpus Christi, Drew 
GMHs, Bishop, Tex., Scott Gillis, N. 
Oak., brother. Jess Gillis, Jr., 
San Antonie; granddaughter. 
Amanda Bishop. Ingleside. Tex.; several nieces and nephews. Ro­ sary 7:2o p.m. Friday, ZIZIK - 
KEARNS CHAPEL. Moss 9 e m 
Saturday. St. Gregory th# Great 
Catholic Church, 7oo Dewhurst, 
Rev. Jeremiah McCarthy, MSC, 
Celebrant. Interm ent San F e r­ nando Archdiocesan Cemetery. 
Family suggests memorial con­ tributions to Cancer Therapy A 
Research Foundation et South 
Texas. 445o Medical Or. Arran­ gements by 

2 H z ik - K e a m s 
Downtng • Mi Claughar I y 
1323 N. to. Mary s 
237-33o* 

H E N S O N 
James Thomas Henson, Jr., 3oo3 
Spokane Rd., passed away in a local hospital Tuesday. March I, 
1977 at the ap* of 34 years. Sur­ vivors: Parents, Mr. and Mrs. 
James T. Henson, Sr.; brother. 
Gregory Chartae Henson; grand­ parents, Mr. and Mrs. Varn Hen­ son; aunt, Mrs. Varna Hivaly. all at San Antonio. Mr. Henson was a member af Highland Park Luth­ eran Church. Services will be held from the Dellcrest Chapel Friday. 
March ll at 2:oo p.m. with Rev. 
Henry Schulte officiating. The in­ term ent will follow in Sunset 
Memorial Park. Arrangements with 

BrUrrrjt 
2ooo So W.W. Whit* Bd. 337-4oo2 

H E T R IC K 
Mrs. Mary Kelley Hetrick, ope 74, of 241 Wellesley Blvd., died Tues­ day. March I, 1977. Sh* was a member of th* Christian Church. 
Survivors: Sen, Jomes Sanford 
H etrick, P ort L avaca, Tex.; daughter, Mrs. Jean Breeding, 
Las Vegas, Nev.; six grandchil­ dren; five great grandchildren. 
Service Friday at ti o'clock at St. 
David's Episcopal Church. Ilia 
Rev. William B. Sharp officiating 
These who desire m ay send memorial gifts to th* charity et their choice. Interment in Sunset 
Memorial Park. Arrangements with falter Loring h o i M cCullough 227 b22i 

STAUTZENBERGER u s * a n * * LE E 
STAUTZENBERG­ 
ER, 17714 Burse* 
Dr., 
Manchaca, 
Texas, borh July 12, tk tj, entered rest Thursday, March It. 1977 at the ag* of 43 years. 
SERVICES 
SATURDAY 18:8o AM 
ALAMO CHAPELS with Rev. Ray Box atflciottng with 
Interm ent to follow in Sunset 
M em orial P a rk . S u rvivo rs : 
Daughters, M rs. Bitty Wayne 
(Shirley) Beeth*, No. Edward, 
Calif., Mrs. Gaorga W. (Barbara 
Jo vct) N orthrop, G ulf P o rt, 
Miss., Mrs. Wm. T. (Velma Lee) 
Fid der, Manchaca, Ttxas; sister. 
Mrs. Irene Richardson, Ploras- vttte, Texas; brothers. Cecil and 
Clifford Barnes, beth et San An­ tonia, 13 grandchildren, two groat grandchildren. Mrs. S ta tio n - ber aor was a member at Somer­ set Baptist Church. Casket bearers w ill be Douglas and 
Woyne Barnes, Stanley and 
James Stautzenberger, Joe and 
Bobby Richardson. Services under lh# direction et a member of The Laton Cud* Family at 

IM —Kineral Directors 

Q; Which is faster, whippet or rabbit? 

A: The hound, at 
35.5o miles per hour, is faster than the hare at 35 mph even. 
For more fast facts on animals (some vegetables and plenty of minerals), pick up your copy of the 
1977 World Almanac 
- the information bargain of the year. 

Q: How deep is ° t h e 
^ 

(Pacific) 
Ocean? 

A: 36,198 feet at the deepest spot 
For more facts on nature, animals, ecology and the environment, get your copy of The 1977 
World Almanac and 
Book of Fact*-the fascinating and informative hook with answers to nearly any question Priced at only $3 25. its the book bargain of the year. 

^ o u t t o i b c 

F U N E R A L H O M E 
63o1 S. KORES 
9 3 2-633 9 

Jo bn M. Grim#*, Director 

MOCTUADi' 

J A C K S O N 
Charles Ftlix Jackson Jr ., ope 57, af 254 Northlll, passed away Wad nesdav, March 9, 1977. Member 
Jefferson Methodist Church. Sur­ vivors: Wit#, Hazel L. Jackson ; mother. Mrs. Marla Jackson at 
Dallas; sons, R.. N. (Bob) Jack­ son of Soidotho. Alaska and W. • 
(B ill) Jackson of G alveston; daughters, Dorothy L. Clarr af 
Austin and Mrs. Henry (Melissa) 
Hutchison af Waterville, Main*; seven grandchildren and Mrs 
Wright Kinchtloe and Miss Ne rine Jackson et Mexia, Ttxas 
Graveside services Friday, 3:oo p.m. In Mission Burial Park North with Reverend William Easum officiating Arrangements bv ti) 

M ISSION P \ K K 
FUNK*Al CHAPELS 
17oo S I Mditary Dr. 
A 

WANT AOS 

ARE STAR 

PERFORMERS! 
Call 
225-1666 

725-5731 
731 
N Atomo^ii Bro* rooklyn 

T H O M A S 
Mrs. Nealy A. Thomas. 74, at 9114 
Yen St., died March IO. Resident of San Antonio and a member of 
Hartandala Church of Christ. 
Survivers: Dauohtar, M r*. Shar­ on Sheppard; grandsons, David 
Edword Sheppard and James 
Irving Sheppard; brothers, Al­ bert Arnold and Van Arnold, all af 
San Antonia; sister. Ethel Hicks. 
Houston. Tax. Graveside services and interment 3 p.m. F rid ay, 
March ll, Sunset Memorial Park, 
Mr. Kurt*es Putties officiating 

515 No. Main 
226-72o1 

W A T S O N 
Delores Aven Watson af 283 
Gloam, passed away Thursday, 
March 18. 1977. Funeral services 
Saturday. 11:oo a.m. in Mission 
Park Funeral Chapel. Interment to tallow in Mission Burtol Pork. 
Arrangements bv 

 til 

M ISSIO N P \ H K 
FUNERAL CHAPELS 
17oo S E Military pt 

W E A V E R 
Mrs. Nolan L. Weaver, a ** o4. et 
4o31 Mount Laurel, died Tuesday. 
March 8. 1977. Sh* was a member of St. Francis Episcopal Church. 
Survivors: Son, F rtd rlc h H. 
Weaver. San Antonio; dauphter. 
Mr*. Agnes Moses. White Plains, 
,N .Y .; grandsons. M ichael H. 
Weaver, Jeffrey S. Weaver, bath of San Antonio; numerous athar grandchildren. Memorial sarvic* 
Saturday at 4 o clock at St. Fran­ cis Episcopal Church, th* Roy. 
Joseph H. Millar, Jr. officiating 
Arrangements with farter Loring 
HOI MaCUUOUGH Z17-6221 

T H — F i o e r i i D ir e c to rs 
ANGELUS FUNERAL HOME 
HENRY OUERRA 
. *o3 W Houston 
227 14*4 

N L ito o m o u a 
FUNERAL HOMS 

Pre-btoBd A/rarvooment* 
511 Guadalupe Si. 
226-6111 

Express-News 
Want Ads 
225-1666 

4H — FBarrat Directors 

L 

 i r o o k i b t U 
'• I SE. Military 
923-7S23 

(Oak m i* 
oo54 Fredericksburg *9% MU 

Brl lrr ret 
IOO* S. W W White 
337-4oo2 
Palm Bright* 
3711 s*. Zori Omer# 914-45*o 

Dedicated 
Service 
Since 1896 

227 3136 
Riebe-Saunders 
Chapels 

11119 N. St Mary's 

Serving your family with care and concern. 

 f u n e r a l c h a p e ls 

OI* HOHM MAIN AVIMUI 
226 72o1 

 lr* Hmm p f socrow, JigMfied and ispeOla bond*ag a# a tta u e ry details . . . 
Pfax JHartUtfx 

• H a r i n g 
Fie ** reaped U**>et (eau,mm fen*.ai Int*,em* Pefcoe* 
2 2 7 -6 2 8 I 

Kerf* Pork Merleorf 
7 2 4 -8 2 1 1 

(hope! HW tOemcraot Selden* 
6 5 5 -4 4 I I 

 f l i r t e r L o r to n 
M O R T U A R Y 
I io i M cCullough 221 B22t 

K H W f m e t e r l e s 

B i l l * ! J L tlL 

AMERICAS FINEST FUNERAL FACILITIES 

K S 1 
•J) j 
B < 
FU N E R A L HOM E 

TWO lots, Miskien P ark, Sodth 
WRI shaw Caw 934-5o77 
___ 

I Cemetery tats, Mission North. 
Lot I**, Section I. 735-451o 

211 Brooklyn at N. Alamo 

2 
2 
5 
— 5 
7 
3 
1 l ’A»i CiuL \kimiixf 

1o-D 
SAN ANTONIO EXPRESS— Friday March l l 1977 

HW M 
<)Sv 
I'M 
• t i 

 tuts- BICH t?>»*«o« »i.AVOfe. 
16 
19 
MO TAR 

1 . o m g ( lie . 
MG TAR 
1.2 mg. nic. 

. ,{ 

MG TAR 
o.9 mg. ole. 

Marlboro to AOM A AMIA***?*# 

MG TAR 
1.1 nm. Hic. 

STILL SMOKI 

 rp m 

 mm 
<mm\ t«m*rn 

 rW&mSM 
I m o m a im mm 

■'s&ss^gmmg 

I 

_ 
— 
» 

- i i 

 ii J L aM 
M anD8i!l 
LIGHTS 

<mm mom 
? 
.VANTAGE ii 

MG TAR 
9 8 mg ole 
MG TAR 
o.7 mg. ole. 

MW 

MG TAR 
1.o mg. nic. 

 c 
MG TAR 
o.9 mg. nic. 
MB TAR 
1.3 mg. ole. f$ | '* ^ p 

 rn 
S M 
: : : 

I 
• 'ii f V $ 
■ 
I 
’I * rf# '*' ' « JC v 
I " 
- 
><-< >, *» * <1*6 

* . 
" 
•, , 
/< 
. ' 
M > J 

. 
*'< ? 
"- roro^aT ! ‘A a 
: 

 mm 
MORE TAR THAN YOU HAVE TO 
CET SOOD TASTE? 

 lf 

MMK.'. W 
W# 
>'• '■ '#'% ^ 
* * I 
V v,l 
'- 
, , 

 o d 
Golden ughts 

KENT 
Go don 
Lights 

8 MgsTar o.7 Mgs Ncotne 
Menthol 
8 Mgs Tar o.7 Mgs Nicotine 

KENT COLDEN LIGHTS 
ONLY 8 MC TAR. 

 m iJ ly ^ r 
M S Z \ 
.W IP 

'f 'j '■/' J 
AS LOW AS YOU CAN CO AND STILL GET GOOD TASTE 
AND SMOKING SATISFACTION. 

W All Bf ands Sold.. I awest Hr. o.5 bi# "tat;' oo5 mu nicotine ae. pet cetene. FTC Repon Oat. 1976 
Kant Colden lights Regular & Menthol. 8 mg ' ter." o.7 trig. meow* ae. par ctgeiette by FTC Method. 

W arning: The Surgeon General Has Determ ined 

That Cigarette Smoking Is Dangerous to Your Health.