CA9 I-o-IMMA 

DOUBLE 
CASH o RAMA 

 tri 

'■5-' i 

San Antonio 
Star i IS COMING TOMORROW LlCASHDRAMA 

MAY 2 8 , Î9 7 7 , 
<______ _ 
_ 
- X 

THE SATURDAY 
EXPRESS NEWS 
^« 11 A n t o n i o . T o x m w 
E o lith To x a s* la r|Se» l-K« » llin|^ S a tu rd a y ii<» w» i|ia |» i» r 

NCAA Baseball 
Miami 7 , Bay lor 3 
Aggies rained out 

Ba ttle lines dra wn 

The b a ttle linen a re clea rly d ra wn in M ia mi, The innite 
— - whether ho mo nex ua h sho uld he g ra nted civil rijihts in M ia ­ mi 
— hits sp lit the m etro p o lita n a rea in two , A sp ecia l referend um o n the issue will he heltl o n J une 7, 
The mo st co nsp ieimus ha uler is A nita Brya nt, who ha s eo frtured na tio na l a ttentio n with her o utsp o k en views a g a ittst a nv leg a l reettg ni- tio n o f ho nmsex ua l rig hts, iter sta nce is b a sed up o n her interp reta tio n o j the Bib le a nd her co ncern a s a p a rent. 
J im Trelo a r nea t to M ia m i to fin d o ut a b o ut Miss Brya nt a nd tho se who o p p o se her effo rts. 
This first p a rt o f a tw o -p a rt series ex p lo res Mi.ss Bryfint's b a ck g ro und a nd p resents her views o n the co ntro versy tha t ha s enfinrned the M ia m i a rea . 

Ba r inv ites Anita a g a in 

AUSTIN 
(AP) 
— Th e p resident of th e State Bar of Tex as said Friday h e h as ch anged h is mind and will in­ deed inv ite Anita Bry ant to sing at th e bar conv ention in Houston June 16. 
Gibson Gay le, Houston, rev ealed h is decision to th e b ar’s board of directors. 
“ I h av e concluded th a t I m a de a m istake in not consum m ating th e o r­ iginal contract wdth Anita Bry ant p ur­ suant to our earlier oral discussions. I reacted to rep orts I h ad receiv ed th at h ad caused me to believ e th e situation 

 could not be controlled. 
“ We h av e been in touch with th e 
Houston Police Dep artment and with 
Dist. Atty . Carol Vance co n cern in g security arrangem ents and h av e been assured of full coo p eratio n ,” Gay le said 
M iss B ry an t h as been a le a de r against an ordinance in M iam i th at p ro h ib its dis c rim in a tio n a g a in s t h omosex uals in h ousing and jobs. 
And h er op p o sitio n to th e equa l r ig h ts a m e n dm e n t for w o m en h as 

 draw n criticism from m any women lawy iTS. 
“ 1 regret th at oth ers, including some mem bers of th e bar. h av e errtmeously assumed th at Miss Bry ant's stand on c o n tro v e rs ia l iss ues or th e b a r 's re luc ta n c e to beco m e inv olv ed in controv ersy caused th e initial decision to Ix ' made and h av e comp ounded th e p ro b lem by not c h e ckin g on facts before m a kin g such e rro n e o us a s ­ sump tions.” Gay le said 
“ I also regret th e anguish wh ich h as 

 resulted to Miss Bry ant, h er h usband, friends, sup p orters, some m em bers of th e bar and all oth ers wh o h av e been aggriev ed by ev ents of th e jiast week 
“Th e p resident’s dinner is sup p osisi to be a h ap p y cv iming of entertainm ent with out sp etH-lK's. Piditical m atters are not on th e p rogram 
“ T h e t'litire resp o n sib ility of th e m atter is mine anil is in no p art afln- biitable to th e State Bar board of dtr- 
I'ctors, th e State Bar staff or any one else," lie said. 
Anita sing s o ut a g a inst g a y rig hts 

By JIM TRELOAR 
SPECIAl TO the EXPRESS-NEWS 
MIAMI — In Na zi Germa ny , 
Jews were led to the g a s cha mbers wea ring a rm-ba nds with a y ello w Sta r o f Da v id. 
Their co mpa nio ns in dea th were a no ther g ro up o f peo ple. Their a rm-ba nds ca rried a la v ender py ra mid. 
T h ese w ere G e rm a n y ’s h o m osex ­ uals. Th e s im ila rity is p ro v idin g 
American h omosex uals with a dram a­ tic and emotional argum ent in a battle th ey are waging for civ il righ ts. 
Th ey want th e sam e freedom from discrimination th at is enjoy ed by oth er minorities ■— th e sam e op p ortunities in h ousing and em p lo y m en t th at h av e been won ov er th e y ears by racial, re­ ligious, and nationality group s. 
Th is includes th e righ t to become teach ers and Big Broth er v olunteers. 
Some say it ev en includes th e righ t to m arry someone of th e sam e sex and to adop t ch ildren. 
Wh en th ey are op p osed, th e h omo­ sex uals h aul out th e gas ch am ber story and cry "F asc ist!” 
New la ws 
As a result of aggressiv e p oliticking th ey h av e, in a rem arkably sh ort time, seen th e p assage of new laws, ordin­ ances and ch arter rev isions th at sp ell out h omosex ual righ ts in 36 cities and counties — ail with h ardly a wh isp er of dissent. 
R efusing to h ire a h om osex ual is against th e law now in Detroit, Min­ neap olis, St. Paul, Madison, Seattle, 
San Francisco, th e District of Colum­ bia, and many sm aller cities, most of th em univ ersity towns. 
But in Miami, th e gay righ ts mov e­ ment h as run into unrelenting op p osi- 
.tioii from singer Anita Bry ant, known to ev ery one with a TV set as th e Flor­ ida orange juice lady . 
Iro nies 
M iss B ry a n t, wh o n e v e r before raised h er v oice in any th ing but song, is angrily defending th e righ ts of th e majority and is fast escalating a local ordinance disp ute into a full-blown na­ tional issue. It's an issue h eav y in ir­ onic content. 

One of th e iro n ie s is th a t M iss 
B ry an t, w h ose w o rst e n e m ie s will acknowledge as “ Miss Wh olesome,” is in th e middle of one of th e most sordid p olitical cam p aigns in local memory . 
Sh e is a p assionately dev oted B ap ­ tist, "born-again” wh en sh e was eigh t y ears old, wh ose day begins and ends with family p ray ers. 
Sh e’s ev ery bit as beautiful and as v iv acious as sh e ap p ears on th e tele­ v ision screen, but sh e h as an emotional intensity th e cam era doesn’t cap ture. 
B iblical a llusio n s p e p p e r M iss 
B ry an t’s conv ersation. “ Th is is my 
Geth sem ane,” sh e said, entering h er garden with th e walk th at made h er a 
"Miss Am erica” runner-up . 
Sh e and h er h usband. Bob Green, both wear jewelry with a fish h ook de- 

See ANITA’S CRUSADE, Page ISA 

Pro po sed cut in defense ba ns do uble-dipping 

ANITA BRYANT 
. . . quotes Bible 

NtW YORK lIM tb SERVICE 

WASHINGTON — Milita ry retirees who ta ke federa l jo bs a fter Oct. I wo uld ha v e to fo rfeit their milita ry pensio ns a s pa rt o f a reco mmended $1 .7 billio n cut in President Ca rter’s pro ­ po sed defense budg et. 

'I'h c rccommeiidation.s w ere niadi» 
Friday by th e House Defen.se Ap p ro­ p riations subcommittee. Tluw includ­ ed a stM’ios ul sm a ll reduct ions in sev eral ai eas but did not eliminate any 

 mu,lor weap on.s sy stem sough t by 
Cartir. 
” i)ou!)le-dip p mg,” wh crtMii military rotiriH's draw p tMisums Im itoMr m ili­ tary M’l'NUo wh ilo h uUliMg govorniiuMit jobs h as E-ome under iiicroasiiig criti­ cism rec en tl\. and in .March C arter said It was untair to l u x p a v E ' i s . 

But th e subcommittee dev tdoiied tlu’ p rop osal on its own and sough t to re­ duce o|)p osition by leav ing uiieh anged th e status ot EUirreiil “ doublt'-dip p ers” 

 and any wh o join th e ranks th is sum mer. 
Rep . George II Mah on, eh airm an ot till' subeonimiUee and Uie full Ap p rn- p natioiis Cmmmtlee. said th e p rop osal of $111,2 billion in ap firop nalions was no eh ali(*nge to Carter, wh o h ud asked 
$112.9 billion. riie Tex as Diuiioeral .said bis p anel was bt'ffer able to .p idge defense needs th an th e Pentagon, wh ich basically h ud 

See DEFENSE, I'age lOA 

Pa rties still inching to wa rd g a s pa ct OK 

By JIM WOOD 
OF THE EXPRESS-NEWS STAFF 

AUSTIN — The Co a sta l Sta tes g a s co ntro v ersy a ppea red to inch to wa rd settlement Frida y a s o fficia ls o f three ma jo r custo mers met to ha sh o ut their po sitio ns. 

May or Carole McClellan of Austin, a key h oldout city , said sh e is leaning toward recom m ending settlem ent. A sp okesm an for th e Lower Colorado 
Riv er Auth ority , anoth er h oldout, said h is direc to rs m ay reach a decision with in two weeks. 
Officials of San Antonio m et with th ose of Austin and LCRA to see ii settlement rem ains a v iable ap p roach to settling th e long-standing contro­ v ersy . 
All th ree are customers of Lo-Vaca 
Gath ering Co., a Coastal subsidiary . 

 and all h av e sued for breach of con­ tract. 
An out-of-court settlement was h am ­ mered out in January . So far only San 
.Antonio h as ap p rov ed it and some City 
Council memljcrs want to rescind ap ­ p rov al and go back to court. 
May or McClellan com m ented after th e closed session, “ Realistically we are looking at settlem ent with some c h a n g e s .” Sh e sa id A ustin is co n ­ cerned about th e distribution of lignite. 

May or Lila ( ockrell said San Anton­ io, wh ich h as v oted to settle but with a lawsuit on h old, is adop ting “ wait and see” p osture. 
Sh e and M rs. M cC lellan p ut th e meeting togeth er so th e th ree major customers could learn if th e settlement agreem ent is going to be p ursued or die because not enough will ap p rov e it. 
A m ajo rity of Lo-Vaca custo m ers 

See SETTLEMENT, Page lOA 

 tCOOD MORNING} 

Sing la ub g ets impo rta nt new 
Army sta ff jo b 

Index 
(’h uckle 
Action Ex p ress 
.......... 
I5D 
Astrology.................. 
15D 
Bridg e 
.............. 
7 C 
Business, F in a n ce....................... 13D 
Church N e w s................................. 4 .5B 
C o m ics...........................................14,15D 
Crossword P uzzles 
............ 11D 
Death s. — 
. . . . . . — 
. . . . . — 13D 
Editorials. .................... 
14A 
G arden in g .................. 
7 D 
M a rke ts 
.............. 9 -HC 
N ew sm akers ...................... 
2A 
S cene.................... 
1-4E 
S p o rts................... 
1-6C 
T elev isio n 
........ 
7 C 
Thea ters............................ .. 
12.1*3 A 
Wa nt Ads.......................... 
8 -I3D 
W ea ther.......................... 
1-12F 

COLUMNISTS 
Jack Anderson. — 
.............. 2A 
Dan K lep p er 
........................................6C 
Ann L a n de r s .,., ............................. 4E 
Dr. Geo. T h o ste so n...................... 15D 

If y ou th in k th e re a re no new frontiers, watch a boy ring th e front doorbell on h is first date. 

Fo reca st 
Cloudy , w arm . High , near 9 o. Low, low 7 os. Details, Page SB. 

1 o.m . 
2 o.m . 
3 o m 
4 o.m , 
5 o.m . 
6 o.m . 
7 o.m , 
8 a m . 

FRIDAY'S TEMRERATURiS 
9 O.m. 
1o o.m. 
11 o.m . 
N oon 
1 p .m . 
2 D.m, 
3 p.m. 
4 p.m. 

71 
7 4 
75 
79 
82 
82 
82 
82 

5 p.m. 
6 p.m. 
7 p.m. 
8 o.m. 
9 p.m. 
1o p.m. 
11 p.m. iMtdniaht 77 

 n i T H YEAR 
NO. 64 
68 PAGES 

T E L E P H O N E S ; 
W o n t Ads, ( M o n 
F r i 
8 a m 5:3o o m ) 22.5 t664. All oth er d e p o r t m ents (7 o m 9 p m ) 225 7 41 1, City «difo r (9 p m 7 o m ) 225 7411 bPOft;, editor (9 p m 
.7 o rn ) 227 3721 or 227 77o1 

DID VOU KNDW: If ytu ri'coiv c h omo di'liv cry of Ih c F.x p rcs.s and Sunday 
Kx p rch s-Nows 
$1 murt' wiP bring vi» u llio I'v onmg Nows fur a month 'I'olal 
$4 :ir) p er month . Call 226-7 411 lor p romp t deliv ery 

WASHINGTON (A P ) - T h e P e n ­ tagon on Friday announced a m ajo r new job for Maj. Gen. Joh n K. Sing­ laub, th e man wh o was remov ed from a senior p ost in South Korea for p ub­ licly ch allenging P re siden t C a rte r’s decision to w ith draw U .S. g ro un d troop s from th at country . 
Singlaub will become ch ief of staff ot th e .Army ’s Forces Command, its big­ gest. Th e command is resp onsible for a s s urin g th e c o m b a t r e a din e s s of 
29 2,ooo regular soldiers and 67 o,ooo 
National (juardsmen and reserv ists in th e United States. 
Army officials said Singlaub’s new assignment is comp arable with ch ief of staff of th e U.S. com mand in Korea, a p osition from wh ich th e general was reliev ed on Carter’s orders last Satur­ day , Th e ch ief of staff ranks th ird in both major commands. 
Respo nsibility 
Th e b rief a n n o un c e m e n t of 
S in g laub ’s re a s s ig n m e n t was fo re ­ sh adowed by C arter’s statem ent at a 
Th ursday news conference th at Sing­ laub would be giv en a job with “ equal degree of resp onsibility and stature," to th e Korean assignment. 
Th e Army h ad p retty well decided as of T uesday n igh t th a t S in g laub would be giv en th e Forces Command ch ief of staff job. 

Howev er, som e un c e rta in ty arose after Singlaub rep eated and e m b e l­ lish ed h is v iews op p osing th e p h ased w ith draw a l of 33,ooo U.S. g ro un d troop s from South K orea in an a p ­ p earance before a House A rm ed Ser­ v ices subcommittee. 
Th e general h ad to answer questions p ul to h im by congressmen wh o sum ­ moned h im to ap p ear. But th ere was 
See SINGLAUB, Page lOA 

Little April Moore doesn’t think she is too young to be graduating os she walks down the aisle to receive her diploma. April is one of 
3o Bexar County Mental Health/Mental Retardation Center clients in the Child Development Unit who graduated Friday afternoon. All graduates were under 3 years of age. — Staff Photo by Steve 
Campbell 
G et y o ur lueky n um b ers 

'I'h is Memorial Day weekend can mean free cash for y ou in th e Ex ­ p ress and 
News’ ni'w giv easv av 
DOUBI.E CASH-O-RAMA 
How do y ou p lay and wtn'.^ ft’s easy — just reach for tom orrow ‘s 
Sunday Kx p ress-.News aiul p ul! out th e TV NOW and SAN ANTONIO 
STAR m a g a z in es Tiie two h av e sp ecial p ersonalized n um b e rs on th eir cov ers th at may be th e way y ou claim som e g re a t cash nex t week. 
Th ose p ersonal lucky num bers on th e co v e rs of TV NOW and th e 
STAR are imp ortant lieeause sta rl­ ing Monday th e San Antonio Ex - 

 p ress will be run n in g w in n in g numbers Irom th <‘ cov ers of tomor­ row’s TV NOW At lh (' sam e time 
Th e News wilt begin running wm- mng numbers from th e Star. 
Get th e p icture'.’ If th e num ber from y our T \ ’ NOW or STAR is p ub lish ed, y uu'v e won y o urse lf si.une monev ! Cun vou win in both '' 
SI BE! 
A total of up to $;i.5Ull ( ASH is offered each week in th e Ex p ress and 
N ew s’ new 
DOUBLE 
( ASH-o-R2\MA . . . wh y don’t y ou p lan on gelling y our sh are*’ 
On Sunday , Jun e 6, th e Sunday 
E x p re ss-N e w s will p ub lis h two 

$1.oo11 Bonus N um bers — one TV 
NOW BONUS and one STAR BON­ 
US. And if y ou elaim th e big p rize and y ou're a p re.sent su!>seribcr oi th e dailv Ex p ress and T'ne News, y ou'll get an ADDITIONAL $26o 
( .ASH. If y ou’re th e big winner ami y ou subscribe to one of th e dai!> p ap ers, we’ll still giv e y ou a bonus 
- of $125 CASH! 
Remember . . . it all starts with tom orrow's Sunday Ex p ress-.News 
— y our way to win cash in th e Ex ­ p ress and News’ great new DOUBLE 
CASH-ORAMA. 

Pag« 
2-A 
H 
Son Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— Soturdoy Moy 28 1977 
Sp y tells ho w he g o t ca ug ht 

John Downey , who siprnt almost 
25 y ears in prison in China as a CIA spy , didn’t say directly that he was talk ing abou t him self as he detailed the “ hy pothetical” ease of a pilot captu red by am bu sh from grou nd. 
Bu t the im plication was clear. 

One way to pick u p someone by plane in a hostile are a, he told fellow law y ers at a New Hav en, 
Conn., m eeting is to drop two teles­ coping alu m inu m poles to su pport a rope that wou ld be attached by those waiting to Im* pick ed u p. Then the plane m ak es another pass to hook the rope. 

Bu t the tables cou ld tu rn, he said, if someone else happened to be on the grou nd on the other end of the rope, “ H was an am bu sh, ju st lik e in the m ov ies,” Downey said. 
Gla d yo u a ren’t here 

Warden Richa rd Crisp has heard from his form er hoiiseboy from sou th of the border — the Ok lahoma border, that is. 
Ilirma n Eu gene 
King , a tru stee at the M cAlesler, 
Ok la., prison escaped last m onth on the w arden’s son’s motorcy cle. He has sent the warden a greeting, on a color post card from Hou ston. 
Crisp, who once tru sted 
King enou gh to m ak e him his hou seboy . tu rned the post card o\e r to the 
FBI. 

, Downey , who was seized while fly ing from Korea to M anchu ria to pick u p friendly agents, has often discu ssed the tim e he spent m prison, bu t the eireu m stanees of his captu re !ia\e not been told pu blicly . 

D o w ney , now a law y er in, 
W allingford, Conn., was released in 
197,‘i after President Richa rd .Nix o n ack nowledged that 
Do wney and others had been on a spy ing mission when they were captu red. 

Paton urges racial 'skill’ 

» Sou th African nov elist Alan Pa­ ton, one of the most eloq u ent foes of his gov ernm ent’s policy of racial separation, has warned the United 
State's not to press too hard for m ajority ru le there lest the African cou ntry be destroy ed. 

“ The greatest sk ill and wisdom are req u ired by those who wish to liring abou t changes essi'iitial to ou t- fu tu re peace,” I’u ton said in a speech at W estern M ichigan Uni­ v ersity in Kalama/.oo. 

H e r o d is c ou nt 
George'AVillig, 27, of New York, who became on instant celebrity 
Thursday by climbing to the top of 
Monhotton's World Trade Center by rope, signs on autograph after appearing on NBC's Today Show. 
The city made peace with him 
Friday by dropping the threat of a $25o,ooo suit and settling for a fine of $1.1o — a penny per floor. Mayor Abraham Beame per­ sonally accepted a dollar and a dime from Willig at a pocked news conference. — AP Wirephoto 

Cla ss ha s k id s fro m fa mo us fa m ily 

Homegrown popcorn and pictu res of tractors are being traded for peanu ts and poetry in a third-grade 
Bu ena Vista Ga., classroom that inclu des two members of a famou s family . 
Twenty -eight elementary school stu dents are inv olv ed in the barter­ ing with 23 third-graders at the 
Blanche-Stoddard ^ 
Elementary 
School in Iowa Falls, Iowa. Vick ie 
Rogers, a teacher in Bu ena Vista, work ed u p the project throu gh her friendship with an Iowa woman. 
Her stu dents researched the his­ tory of Bu ena Vista, its crops, its geography and, of cou rse, its rela­ tion to Plains, the Georgia hamlet 
3o miles to the sou th and the home­ town of President Jimmy Carter. 
The Bu ena Vista class inclu des 
Mandy Carter, whose father, Billy , is the President’s brother, and 
Stev en Smitli, son of 
Rosaly nn 
Carter’s brother, Mu rray . 
One stu dent. 
Grace 
Mu rray , w rote a poem for the lowans called 
“Those Carter Boy s,” 
K ento n v ery ill 

In Reading, Pa.. 
Stan Kenton. w ho su ffered a fractu red sk u ll and a blood clot on the brain, necessitat­ ing su rgery , was listed in seriou s condition. 
Kenton, still activ e as a band leader at the age of 65, fell and inju red his sk u ll in a hotel confer­ ence room last week . 

Ho o v er’s g ho st still ha unts na tio n’s ca pita l 

WASHINGTON - The g ho st o f J. Edg a r Ho o v er, who se bulldo g v isa g e beca me a na tio na l sy mbo l o f the fig ht a g a inst public enemies, still ha unts Wa shing to n. 

He not only lasted on top of the bu r­ eau cracy longer than any other Amer­ ican, bu t he was also perhaps the most powerfu l and feared pu blic official in the history of the repu blic. 
Beginning with a collection of mis­ fits, he transformed the FBI into the world’s most formidable law enforce­ ment agency . 
He set su ch high standards that his 

FREED children w ave to spectators 

DOW NTOW N 9:3o TO 5=3o M O N THRU SAT 
PARKING BEHIND DOW NTO W N STORE. 
SUBURBAN 9.3o TO 6=oo MON. THRU SAT 
ALL MAJOR CREDIT CARDS HONORED 

PINFEATHER CORD PLEASURE JEANS. Instant comfort for all your leisure hours. Beltless model with elastic side inserts. Polyester/cotton cord in tan, 32-46 regulars or light blue, 32-46 regulars, 34-46 longs, $17.5o. 

ORDER BY MAIL OR CALL 227-7171. PLEASE INCLUDE 5% SALES TAX AND 
$ 1.oo EOR MAILING OUTSIDE OUR LOCAL DELIVERY AEA. N O C.O.D.'S. f 
/ 1 
. m 

Dutch tro o ps la y scig c to sweltering tra in 

ASSOCIATED PRESS 
ASSEN, The Netherla nds — Hea v ily -a rmed Dutch tro o ps a nd po lice turned their a ttentio n to So uth Mo lucca n ex tremists ho lding 
5 5 ho sta g es o n a sweltering tra in fo llo wing the relea se o f 1 o5 children fro m a v illa g e scho o lho use ea rlier Frida y . 

 pincus 
o 
M m n m i V H ou s ton sr. a t broa d v 
' ÎH U nO û n V HOUSTON ST. a t BROADWAY 
M illirmil 
4 U I McCUUOUGH 

F ou r other hostages, all teachers, rem ained captiv e in the school. 
Reporters heard what sou nded lik e two rifle shots fired from the direction of the train bu t there was no im ­ mediate ex planation of what cau sed it. 
The reporters said they saw the ter­ rorists shak ing ou t blank ets and throwing ou t garbage abou t the time the sou nds were heard. 
The Sou th Molu ccans, who want the 
Du tch gov ernm ent to press their demands for the independence of their 
Pacific island from Indonesia, hav e ask ed the release of 21 fellow ex ­ tremists jailed for terrorist activ ities and a ju mbo jet to tak e them — and a grou p of hostages — to an u ndisclosed location. 
Du tch Prime Minister Joop den Uy l told a news conference the situ ation at the train was “still v ery seriou s” de­ spite the encou raging release of the schoolchildren. 
No t neg o tia ting 
Den Uy l reiterated the gov ernment is not negotiating with the ex tremists and will not agree to hostages being transported ou t of the cou ntry . 
Police and troops, back ed by m a­ chine gu n-mou nted armored personnel carriers equ ipped with infrared night sights, hav e encircled the commu ter train in flat lu sh farmland 1o miles north of this town where sev en Sou th 
Molu ccans hold 55 hostages. 
The inner secu rity ring is three q u arters of a mile from the fou r-car blu e and y ellow train. Patrols, inclu d­ ing sharpshooters, are stationed in woods on the ou ter ring. 
Among the hostages on the train are 
2o women and 35 men, inclu ding at least sev en teen-aged stu dents and a pregnant woman su ffering from thy ­ roid trou ble. Officials say she is being prov ided with regu lar medication. 
Ho t 
“Imagine y ou rself in a metal box , in the hot su n. The tem peratu re mu st hav e risen to at least 3o degrees Cen­ tigrade (1o4 Fahrenheit). The windows are closed all day ,” said one railway official describing the situ ation inside the train. 
The terrorists on the train, one of them a woman, seem more edgy than those in the school and on Wednesday and Thu rsday display ed some of their bou nd hostages, blindfolded and dressed in white — the Oriental color of mou rning. After refu sing any su p­ plies for ov er 56 hou rs, the grou p ac­ cepted hot meals, fru it y ogu rt and ev en clean u nderwear on Thu rsday . 
In the nearby v illage of Bov ens- milde, where fou r teachers —• inclu d­ ing two women — are still held, 7 6 of the released children were reu nited with their families. Twenty -six others remained in hospitals for ex amination after they dev eloped stomach ailments that led to their release. 
Bu t while the release of the children 
— and one teacher — eased the su ­ spense in this town, bitterness contin­ u ed among the area’s Du tch toward 
Sou th Molu ccans who hav e settled here. 
Fea r 
“We’v e been terrorized and we’v e had enou gh.” said one old farmer, 
Janu s Jansen, pointing to heav y secu rity which div ides his town. “ Look at what the Molu ccans hav e done to this v illage. I don’t think y ou ou tsiders u nderstand why we fear them.” 
“This can’t go on, bu t we don’t k now how to sto p it,” Ja nsen said with tears 

Dutch Prime Minister J o o p d e n Uyl to ld a news co nfer­ ence the situ a tio n a t the tra in wa s ^still very serio us’ d esp ite the enco ura g ing relea se o f the .scho o lchil­ d ren 

 in his ey es. “We cou ld ask the gov ern­ ment to mov e the Molu ccans away from here, bu t that wou ld only du mp the problem on somebody else, solv ing nothing.” 
Abou t half of Bov ensmildes 3,ooo in­ habitants are Sou th Molu ccans, part of the 4 o,ooo-strong Molu ccan commu nity in Holland. Many are descendants of soldiers who fou ght on the Du tch side in the Indonesian fight for indepen- deneb in the late 194 os. They hold onto their dream of a separate homeland. 
Ho spita lized 
Doctors continu ed to hold 26 children in a hospital bu t u nconfirmed reports said they were “ reasonably well.” 
They had su ffered from v omiting and diarrhea before their release. A 
Ju stice Ministry official denied food sent into the school had been delibera­ tely poisoned to force the release. 
Parents shed more tears than chil­ dren at their reu nions in a Red Cross shelter in the v illage. Many of the y ou ngsters reacted shy ly to pu blic tears, hu gs and k isse.s. 

 agents became folk heroes. 
Yet Hoov er was an incu rable cu r­ mu dgeon, conserv ativ e in his way s and narrow in his ou tlook , who fiercely believ ed the words “My cou ntry , right or wrong.” 
In dissent, he saw sedition. The cry of black power, by his lights, smack ed of rebellion. The argu ment of cons­ cience against the Vietnam War, as he saw it, bordered on ou tright treason. 
Pa trio tic crimes 

He u sed his enormou s power as dir­ ector of the FBI to u phold his v iew­ points. He indoctrinated his agents u ntil they , too, saw no wrong in com­ mitting “patriotic” crimes. 
Now John J. Kearney , a crack , conscientiou s agent has been indicted for v iolating the law in the line of du ty . 
He headed a cov ert-operations sq u ad in 
New York City . 
Agonizing pressu re was brou ght u pon Attorney General Griffin Bell to drop the charges against 
— ■■■■■■ 
Kearney . 
The shock wav es hav e sha­ k en FBI morale down to the roots, Bell was warned. Bu t he told su bordinates that FBI agents mu st liv e by the law they hav e sworn to u phold. 
.\gents who break the law, he de­ clared, shou ld be prosecu ted. 

2nd indictment 

He not only approv ed Kearney ’s in­ dictment bu t may seek the indictment of Kearney 's su perior, J. Wallace La- 
Prade. 
Bell told associates that LaPrade has been “stonewalling.” 
The attorney general indicated that lie wou ld conv ene another grand ju ry and giv e LaPrade the opportu nity to clear the record. Otherwise, Bell indi­ cated he wou ld ask for LaPrade’s in­ dictment. 
The late J. Edgar Hoov er has giv en his name to the new FBI headq u arters, a hu ge stru ctu re across the street from the Ju stice Department. 
It is an appropriate monu ment to his memory . Its bu lk ov erwhelms the parent agency mu ch as he ov er­ whelmed the attorney general, who was su pposed to be his su perior. 
Bu t Griffin Bell does not intend to let the FBI again become the tail that wags Washington. 

Ga s pa ins 

It look s as if the great oil pipeline across Alask a will be su rpassed by a gas pipeline across Canada, with all the cost ov erru ns, produ ction delay s and env ironmental problems that hav e made the Alask an pipeline so contro­ v ersial. 
The Federal Power Commission has recommended that a Canadian pipeline be bu ilt to carry natu ral gas from the north slopes of Alask a to the lower 
4 8 stales. 
This shou ld greatly increase the amou nt of gas av ailable to American consu mers. 
Bu t bu ried in the files of the Env ir­ onmental Protection Agency is a star­ tling, confidential report that the $7 billion pipeline will cost the American tax pay ers hu ndreds of millions of dol­ lars more than necessary . 

Three large energy conglomerates — 
Arctic Gas, Alcan and El Paso — hav e produ ced riv al plans for its constru c­ tion. 
Bu t the confidential feasibility stu dy warns that it is “highly probable none of the three proposed sy stems wou ld be able to meet its proposed schedu le” and that all three proposals wou ld 
“ probably ex perience a certain amou nt of cost ov erru ns.” 
The analy sis goes on to warn that 
Arctic’s Canadian Pipeline may not work at all u nder any circu mstances. 
The idea of bu ilding the pipeline u nder harsh winter conditions, with tem peratu res often dropping to 5o degrees below zero, “wou ld prov e ba­ sically impractical and wou ld req u ire ex tensiv e rev isions or project 

A g o n izin g p ressure wa s b ro ug ht up o n Atto rney Gen­ era l Griffin Bell to d ro p the cha rg es a g a inst Kea rney. 

 abandonment,” the stu dy declares. 
President Carter mu st decide which, if any , of the three plans will be implemented. Whatev er his decision, it probably will wind u p costing the tax pay ers billions. 
The feasibility stu dy was prepared at a cost of $12o,ooo by Research Planning 
Associates. The three firms that want to constru ct the pipeline hav e su bmit­ ted their critical comments. 
Then a final v ersion will be present­ ed to the President It is ex pected to hav e “considerable influ ence” u pon the president, a spok esman said. 

Nuclea r nig htma re 

Nu clear power has been bally hooed as a cheap form of energy , which cou ld replace oil and solv e the energy crisis. 
Yet there is dismay ing ev idence that nu clear power Is actu ally ru nning u p u tility bills and aggrav ating u nem­ ploy ment. 
The story is told in a forthcoming book , “ Nu clear Power: The Bargain 
We Can’t Afford.” by the Washing­ ton-based Env ironm ental Action 
Fou ndation. We hav e obtained the raw galley proofs. 
Here are a few of the highlights: 
• The book alleges that nu clear power plants hav e had av erage cost ov erru ns of 1oo per cent. In most in­ stances, u nsafe designs and eq u ipment had to be corrected at a cost that was passed along to the u tility cu stomers. 
• The nu clear indu stry has claimed its ex liorbitant capital costs are offset by the low cost of radioactiv e u raniu m. 
Bu t the tru th, according to the book , is that u raniu m su pplies are dwindling dangerou sly . Already , the price has shot u p from $7 to $4 2 per pou nd. It cou ld reach $25o a pou nd by 1985, the book warns. 
• Becau se of soaring prices, Wes- linghou se Electric, the nation’s largest bu ilder of nu clear plants, abru ptly canceled all of its u raniu m contracts. 
This leav es 27 u tilities with no gu ar­ antee of fu tu re su pplies. 
Ha ho n: Little cha nce o f cuts in m o ney bills 

WASHINGTON (AP) - There is lit­ tle chance Congress will back down and redu ce two money bills that Pre­ sident Carter has criticized as too ex ­ pensiv e, a k ey Hou se chairman said 
Friday . 
As a resu lt, C arter will hav e to decide whether to v eto the measu res. 
Rep. George H. Mahon, D-Tex ., told a news conference. 
In fact, Mahon said, any fu rther fight ov er one of the bills, the $61.3 billion labor and health, edu cation and welfare appropriation, probably will be ov er efforts to increase rather than cu t the su m. 

Appropriations Committee, which has approv ed the bill for Hou se considera­ tion. The measu re contains abou t 
$1.4 billion more for HEW programs than 
Carter has recommended. 
Wa ter pro jects in 
The panel has also approv ed a $1o.2 billion pu blic work s appropriation in­ clu ding fu nds for 17 water projects that 
Carter wants eliminated. 
Mahon said he feels strongly that when the two m easu res hav e made their way throu gh the Hou se and Sen­ ate to Carter’s desk , their money totals will be no lower than they were when 
Mahon is chairm an of the Hou se they left his committee. 
So v iet jetliner cra shes nea r Ha v a na killing 6 6 

MEXICO CITY (AP) - A Sov iet jet­ liner crashed near Hav ana airport 
Friday . The Cu ban news agency Pren- sa Latina reported 66 persons were k illed and two others inju red. 
A dispatch from Hav ana, monitored here, said 56 of the 58 passengers aboard the aircraft died in the crash. 
The entire crew of 1o was also k illed. 
Two passengers, a West German and a 
Ru ssian, were critically inju red. 
Qu oting Cu ban av iation au thorities, 
Prensa Latina said the a irc ra ft crashed abou t 3,3oo feet short of the ru nway as it was mak ing its final ap­ proach to Hav ana’s Jose Marti airport. 

Cu ban au thorities immediately set u p a team to inv estigate the crash, the news agency said. 
The plane, an Ily u shin 62, was en­ rou te to Hav ana from Moscow with stopov ers in Frank fu rt and Lisbon. 
A Canadian embassy spok esman in 
Hav ana said the plane had attempted to mak e an emergency landing with one engine afire when It crashed. 
The IL82, initially pu t into serv ice by the Sov iet airline Aeroflot in 1967 , is a jetliner with fou r tu rbofan engines mou nted in horizontal pairs along each side of the rear fu selage. It accom­ modates u p to 186 passengers. 

“It will be his decision what to do,” 
Mahon said, adding that “ it wou ld be v ery difficu lt for the President to v eto the HEW bill. It contains so many programs that are highly regarded in 
Congress.” 
Mahon joined in an effort Thu rsday to hav e the committee deftte $563 mil­ lion from the labor-HEW bill. The ef­ fort lost by one v ote, althou gh Mahoii read a letter from Carter ask ing for spending restraint. 

Rep. Robert H. Michel, R-Ill., who sponsored the redu ction, was more optimistic and promised to bring the amendment u p again in the Hou se. 
Wro ng y ea r 

On the water projects, Mahon said, 
“This was not the y ear for the ex ecu ­ tiv e to get into a controv ersy ov er spending for water projects. It was a y ear of drou ght and water shortages,” 
Mahon said he is “ wholly in su p­ port” of Carter’s plan to balance the bu dget by 1981 and think s it is impor­ tant as a way of restoring confidence and speeding economic recov ery . 
He disclosed at his news conference that the defense appropriations su b- comrnitlee has agreed on $111.2 billion in bu dget au thority for the Defense 
D epartm ent, $2.7 billion less than 
Carter recommended, bu t $6.8 billion more than was appropriated for the prev iou s y ear. He said the fu ll com­ mittee will consider the recommenda­ tion nex t month. 

San Antonio EXPRESS-NEW S— Saturday May 28 1977 
Pa g e 
3 -A 
EODC denies cha rg es o f co rruptio n 

By DAVID McLEMORE 

An Economic Opportunities Dev e­ lopment Corp. board member flatly denied Friday charges the anti-pov erty agency was riddled with corruption and mismanagement. 
Karen Ov ^sk owitz said reports of a 
Gov ernment Accounting Office probe uncov ering corruption in the local 
EODC office were misleading and incorrect. 
She also denied charges made bv a former EODC in-tak e clerk that EODC 

 officials used their positions to receiv e sexual fav ors from female employes and clients. The charges of sexual misconduct were bas<‘d on a sworn statem ent by the form er EODC wiirk er. 
Reports of the GAO probe came from an interv iew- with U.S. Rep. Henry B. 
Gonzalez. 
“ As far as we can tell, the GAO inv estigation has n(» t drawn anything lik e the conclusions reported in the paper,” Mrs. Owsk owitz said. 
“ There are certainly no obv ious 

 signs of corruption simply because the 
GAO inv estigation has not gotten to the tMiint where it can mak e conclusions.” 
An attorney with the GAO office confirmed the inv estigation w as still in the preliminary stages. 
“ We don’t hav e a report yet.” the attorney said. “ We’re look ing into a v ariety of allegations that hav e been made, but the inv estigation has not reached a point where we can form conclusions.” 
The GAO attorney said the only information he had of sexual miscon­ 

 duct by EODC came from the articles in the v San .\ntonio papers. 
Mrs. Owsk owitz noted the V'.ODU board had been unable to obtain a cop\ of the former-work er's statement, but another board m e m b e r had been shown the affidav it V>y County Com 
.Mbert Bustamante, who had released it to GAO inv estigators. 
“ From what we k now of the allega­ tions in the statt'ment, we can diu'u- ment that no such situation exists except with the man who made tiie charges,” she said. 

She added the work er had been firi'd last Dec ember on charges he used his position to proposition EODC clients and for drink ing on the' job. 
“ I don’t k now why anyone v ^ouid tak e this m an’s word," she said 
The G.\o inv estigation was started 
April 7 at the* recpiest of Gonzalez because of complaints from consti­ tuents that EODC wcnk ers were en­ gaging in political acti\ ity on the' job. 
Mrs. Owslanv itz said reec'iit changes in jiersonm'l policy at I'.ODC had tightenc'd up on tin* possibility of such 

 actiMty occurring. 
“ In the long run, we iVel GAO will 
\ind u“ati' us. If wc' gid torn apart bc'caust' w» ''v e doiu* something wrciug, that's one thing. 
"But there an* those spreading false information and I just don't want to hav e 
EODt' crucified in tlie newspaiiers.’ 

.A spok c'smau for Gonzalez’ offici» saiil the I'ongressman stood by Ins statement and was confident he was ijuoted aec'urately. 
Co unty g ra nd juro rs a dmit to bending rules 

! $ e h o o i ’ s o ut! 

Nothing lights up faces and brings out the smiles like the last day of school. Students at Esparza Elementary School almost ran over Express-News photographer Ron Jones in on effort to put school books and homework behind them for three months. 
Lo mba rdino dea l sa v ed a s bill dies 

Bv ROBERT Of HO A 
EXPRESS CAPITOL BUREAU 

.\U STI\ — A Senate committee's inaction Friday sav ed Sen. Frank 
Lombardino of San .\ntonio from a twc» -year moratorium on the sale of , cKjuipment in which he has iinested hundreds of thousands of dollars. 
U'gislation sponsored by Rep. Don 
Cartwright of San .Antonio proposing a two-year study of off-premises elec­ tronic fund transfer systems was giv en a hearing h'riday. 
But lime expired without action on 

 the bill when the Senate conv ened for its final day this session and Sen. Tom 
Creighton, chairman of the Economie 
Dev elopment Committee, recessed his eommitlee subject to his call. 
Delay tactic 
Some m em bers of the committee v iewed Creighton’s action as a delay tactic to insure the death of Cart­ wright's bill, whieti had little support on thè committee anyway, an informal poll of members showed. 
Fund tra nsfe r system s are eom- puter-type machines which can be in- 
Jury rul es brot her wi l l i nheri t fort une 

A four-w om an, two- man probate jury Friday in effect turned a dead w om an’s half-m illion- dollar estate ov er to her surv iv ing brother. 
The jury ruled in fav or of Edward A. Lowranee eoneerning control of the estate left by the late 
Mrs. Letha L. Metcalf. 
The ruling came after a three-day trial in Coun­ ty (.'ourt-at-Law No. fj be­ fore Judge T, .Armour 
Bull. 
,\l issue was the v ali­ dity of the 1967 will pro­ duced by Low ranee and a lute 1975 will produced by her hairdresser, i'arlos 
Reyna. 
Reyna was left in con­ trol of the estate in the 
1975 will and Lowranee held it by terms of the 
1967 document. 
The jury ruled Mrs. 
Metcalf w as not of sound mind and was under undue influence from 
Reyna at the time of the signing of the second will. 
The ruling autom ati­ cally giv es v alidity to the 
1967 document. 

Medical testimony of­ fered in the trial indicat­ ed Mrs. Metcalf had been hospitalized almost a do­ zen lim es in the two years prior to her death. 
She was also said to be suffering from alcoho­ lism. 

Her estate, according to the record, includes some $26o,ooo in stock s. 

$16o,ooo in sav ings, 
$3,ooo in insurance, 
$8 ,ooo in a cheek ing ac­ count and a 9 -year-old dog, 
Mae 
Ferguson 
Brigham. 

Her wealth had been inherited from two of her three husbands, all of whom she had div orced . or outliv ed, testimony indicated. 

Area a ctiv ities listed fo r to da y 

You don't hav e to wail until Sunday to go out and celebrate Memorial 
Day. Many of the city and area activ ités will start 
Saturday. 

Lack land AFB Uullural 
Festiv al’s day-long acti­ v ities at the a m phith­ eater complex will be highlighted by an 8 p.m. performance by Johnny 
Bush and his band. 

Lftwns« i^á € a tttir 
NURSERY 
INC 

8 6 5o B andera Road 

St. Aueuttine (Corpet) 
JRS < 
G RASS. . .FULL PALLIT . . . . . . ® ® 
LESS THAN A FULL PALLIT.................. 
1 . 1 # iq. yd lWoath«*r Permitting) 
Complete inventory of shrubs, trees & hordllnes. 
2 o % Discounted 
] | PRODUCTS AVAIIABU. 

TREES 
PLANTS 
SHRUBS 
SEEDS 

 co Mnm 

Co me Visit Our Complete 6 
Ac re Carden 
Center with everyday “FARM TO YOU 
PRICES And SAVE!! 

OPEN Daily 8-7 P.M. 
6 8 4-2 1 1 o 

At Schreiner College in 
K errv ille, the Texas 
Slate .Arts and Crafts 
Fair runs from 1o a.m. to 
8 p.m. Admission is $2 for adults and 5o cents for children. 

In eonneetion with the fair, the Kerrv ille Folk 
Festiv al will be held at 
Quiet Valley Ranch south of K errv ille on Texas 
Hwy. 16. Perform ances start at 6 p.m. 

The Gillespie County 
Fairs and Festiv als Assn. is sponsoring the first annual M em orial Day 
Race Meet at 2 p.m. at the 
F re d e ric k sb u rg 
Fairgrounds. 

Saturday’s ev ents at 
Bandera’s Fun-'Pier Days and Celebration will be­ gin with white w ater canoe races at 9 a.m., continuous liv e music at 
11 a.m. and a parade at 
2:3o p.m. 

The Canyon Medical 
Center carniv al will be from 1o a.m. until dark at the courthouse square in Leak y with proceeds benefiting the building fund. 

 stalled in any eonv enienee store or shopping center, allowing persons le do their bank ing — .such as transfer money from tluhr aeeounls — without going near their bank s. 
The moratorium called for in the bill would apply to sale of the system s after March 1, 1977, and would allow for legislativ e of the study of the nia- ehities. 
Imperfect 
Cartwright and the bank ing industry contend the fund transfer system s, particularly their security mechanism, liav e not yet been perfected. 
“ There was one ease reported in 
Washington, D.IL, where $26o,ooo in eusli was transferred and they don't k now where it went,” said slate Sen. 
Don Adams of Jasper, Senate sponsor of Cartwright’s bill. 
Strong objections to the proposed two-year m oratoriu m cam e from 
Lombardino during the eom m itlee hearing. 
The San Antonio senator explained he inv ested ov er $1oo,ooo a year ago in a business v v hieli is planning to sell such fund transfer systems. 
Contract 
He said he has already eontructed iind is in the process of placing an off-premise transfer system in the 
8 o,ooo-m em ber G ov ernm ent E m ­ ployees Credit Union building in San 
Antonio. 
“ I took a gamble,” Lombardino told the committee. “ I’v e got two big bank s in San Antonio that want to use my systems. I’v e gambled my money'and time. 
“ .And here I'm being confronted with a m oratoriu m that would cost me 
$1,ooo a day. I’v e nev er seen such a moratorium of this sort proposed in the legislature behire.” 
Testimony 
Representativ es from both the Texas 
Bunk ers Assn. and the Independent 
Bank ers Assn. of Texas testified in fav or of a need to study the electronic fund transfer systems. 
“ The people selling the hardware are pushing it and we don’t think they hav e the security systems perfected,” said Don Cav ness, representing the independent bank ers. 
He aek noweledged bank s are now prohibited under the stale constitution from hav ing their own off-premises fund transfer system s installed in other businesses, but said bank ers are not trying to neutralize competition. 
Amendment 
A proposed amendment to the con­ stitution allowing branch bank ing (and off-premises fund transfer machines) has been approv ed by the legislature and will be brought before v oters some time later this year in a referendum. 
Sum Kiniberlin of the Texas Bank ers 
.Assn. testified to what he and com ­ mittee members agreed was probably the real reason for the bank ing in­ dustry's oiiposition to off-premises systems.' 
“ Our prim a ry eoneeru is really whether sav ings and loan compaiiKiS are going to get into the business that’s really the bank ing business.” 
Durwood Curly, representing the 
Texas Sav ings and Loan Assn., testi­ fied but could not say whether he sup­ ported the bill or not for the record. 

By DEBORAH WESER 
Bex a r Co unty g ra nd juro rs 
Frida y a dmitted g iv ing specia l trea tment to a n a g g ra v a ted a s­ sa ult ca se tha t led to indictment o f a Sa n Anto nio po licema n in co nnectio n with a 1975 dea th. 
They felt eircumstanees warranted tlu* departure from regular proei'dure at the time, one said. 
Till' police officer is .lack W. Kraus, 
36, eliarged in eonneetion with the death of 
Richard 
Heed, ilum 
3:1. 
Kraus’s arraignment is si't for June :f. 
Kraus has alleged outside lamperuig or inlliienee on members of llie former and eiirreiit grand jury siiark ed the indictment naming him in tin» Reed death. 
No bill 
A Nov ember-Deeember 1975 grand jury no-billed the olTiei'r in the easi>. 
Grand jurors appearing Friday ad­ mitted initiating the probe lliemselv i's instead of following routine procedure lliat would hav e brought a ease to them through the district attorney’s office. 
Circumstances at the lime indicated the d istrict attorney and his office eoiild become targels in any inv esti­ gation related to the ease, William 
Stolhandbk e testified. 
Stolhandsk e 
StolHand.sk e, brother of Coiinly Com. 
Tom Stolhandsk e, was foreman of the 
.Mareh-April term grand jury that ini­ tiated rev iew of the Kraus/Reed ease. 
The attorney den it'd hav ing any spe­ cial interest in tlie ease or in a reialed civ il m atter that cu rrently affi'cts 
Kraus. 
His testimony cam e, with that of others, during a hearing on K raus’ motion to quash the indictment. The hearing continues Tuesday at 1o a.m. before 18 6th Dist. Ju dge J a m e s F. 
Barlow. 
Stolhandsk e said his panel started the rev iew' late in its term in response to complaints about the official inv es­ tigation raised in a letter from Heed’s sister. 
Unfinished 
Those complaints suggested the of­ ficial inv estigation had nev er been finished, Stolhandsk e added. 
“Originally, we did not open the in­ v estigation against Jack Kraus. It was to find out what had happened,” he explained. 
His pane! was dissolv ed earlier than planned because of a legal leehnieality and nev er disposed of Ihe'Kraus/Reed ease. 
Rev iewing the official minute book later, the current grand jury ask ed pointed questions about the apparent disposition ov ersight, the new fore­ man, Lloyd Foster, explained. 
No action 
Another panel member, Mrs. Seotty 
Cloudt, noted: “ The book was there and there was a notation that no action was tak en.” 
Kraus, in his petition, claim s the indictment “ has been irretriev ably tainted by improper, unlawful outside influences and by [lersons who hav e conspired together to eireuniv ent the defendants’s right to a fair considera­ tion of his ease by an impartial grand jury.” 
His atlorni'V, Sam Basbaru, ijues- tioned sev ei'al witnesses specifically about any conv ersations they may hav e had about the Kraus/fieed ease prior to the indictment eariii'r this month. 
Denials 
Two in particular, both attorneys — 
Ruben Sandov al and Georgi» Korlie! — denied hav ing any such eoiiv ersations. 
Korbel, howev er, said lie has always been doubtful the district attorney’s office is v igorous about inv estigating police brutality eases and had some concern the case against Kraus would b(‘ dismissed. 
Korbel, a past regional director for the Mexiean-.Ameriean Legal Defense 

Bike ro deo to da y a t HemisFa ir » ite 

The 151 h annual Bieyele Rodeo 
(’harnpionship will bt‘ at 8 :3o a.m. 
Saturday in the Conv ention (’enter 
Arena iNearly 3oo girls and 3oo boys, repre­ senting 14o elementary schools, will be eomiicting for honors. 
Each child w ill bring his own bieyele and hav e it inspected for safely and also ride fiv e obstacle courses. 
'I'he ev ent is sponsored by the San 
Antonio Optimist Clubs and assisted by the San ntonio Police Dc[)arlmcnl. 

 and Educational Fund, was one of 
Sandov al’s choices as a grand jury panelist. Sandov al acted as a grand jury selection eommissioiu'r for tin» present term. 
Brutality 
Korbel ul.so said he and Sandov al hav e l)t‘en inv olv t'd in tlii' inv estigation of alleged police brutality east's lu'i e. 
A third grand juror witness, attorney 
.lames Iv I’ortt'r — who shares tilfice space v v itli Sandov al as a It'ssi'c — is to appear w litm the hearing resum es 
Tiiesdav , 

Dnnng f'riday's hearing. Disl. Att.v . 
Bill White — who sat tlirmigli the pro­ ceedings but h’ft its condiiet to ,\>.st. 
Dist. .Atty. Gordon Aiiiistrong —- » lul hav E* a short, slightly lieati'd exeliange with Korbel, 

White bluntly denied any role in the official handling of a 1971 allegt'd po­ lice brutality ease that Korbid had tat- ed in his eommetiis as a witness. 

Korbel hud suggested there was some official reluetunee to pursue the inv estigation in that ease. 
Ho use pa sses bill a mending 
1 4 1 1 ca lls co st 

By DU K MERKEL 
CHI Ef. EXPRESS N E W S BAPI TOl BUREAU 
.AUS'I’l.N — Without further debute, the House iinally passed I'riday a bill 
Soutliv v estern Bell Tel(» plione Co. says will ultimalel.v cost 'I'exas sub.seribtas 
$45 million a v car, 
By a v ote of 8 9 -lo-52, .SB3 was sent liaek to the Senate lor eoneurrenee in 
Hoii.se added amendments. 
Hep. Hon Bird of San .\iitonio. House 
.sponsor, said Senali* eoneurrenee is assured and the bill should go to the gov ernor during tlie wei'k end for 
.signing. 
SB3, by St‘11. Lloyd Doggett of Aus­ tin, iirohtbits Bel! irom charging for directory assistance on Mil calls on: 

• 
Numbers either not listed, nr meorreetly listed in the telephone directory; 
• All long distance numbers ob- tamod by directory assistane« *; 
• 
Informulion calls for business such as liolels, motels^ and hospitals v v tiicli prov idt' free phone'si'rv iee 1ml can’t control the calls or correctly charge for them. 
• liilormalion calls Irom pay phone.s as well as those hy Jiaiidicapped pri­ sons are already (>xempt imdi*r the 
Texas Pnlilie Ltility Commission final order in the Bril rate ra sr handed 

 down in Junuury. 
.All other customers of B« ‘ll will .still lie ro<|ihred to pay 2o cents per 1411 rail ov er 1o in*» * calls a month 
A B(‘ll spok esman i‘arlier said sign­ ing ol SH3 into law wdulcl force the eoniiiaiiv to discontinu e the 141! 
.eliarge eompleteiv . 
The eompativ is currently passing <»n to 
1‘iistomers $41 million in annual expen.M' sav ings as a r» 'siilt of the 
BUC-approv ed directory ussistunee plan. He .said tlu» company also re­ ceiv es about $4 million in annual re­ v enue from the plan. 
Bear the burden 
“ Texas lelejilioiu’ ratepayers thus will bear the burden of mak ing up at least $45 million a yi*ar in exprnsi» sav ings an<! rev enues no longer av ai­ lable as a result of the legislativ e ac­ tion,“ lu‘ said. 

Another spok esman said he wouldn’t go so far as to predict a new' B(» ll rate case before the PIK’, but he said .sueli a mov e appeared logical. 
All bill two of the members of Hie 
Bexar County limisi* delagation v oted lor final passage of SB3. Hi'p. James 
Nowlin was reeonied v oting against, while Rep. Don Rains recorded present but not v oting. 

 the e v e ry th in g in place w a ll 

1o 5 '‘ wide free-standing wall unit in teak veneer. 
The perfect solution for books, stereo and TV. An 
$8 13. value do*it*your$elf price »552. 

All unit» com# knock down no gluing nocettory. 

Drder n&w fo r juno pick-up 

 c d e n h c o m e 

6951 San Pedro, residetvtial 344-2338 , commercial 341-1691 

Poge 
4»A 
H 
Son Antortio EXPRE$$»NiWS—»»Soturdoy May 28 ^^77 
Ta x ing So cia l 
Security ma y be co ming up 

 a s s o c i a t e d PPtSS 
WASHINGTON — The Ca rter a dm inistra tio n, a s pa rt o f its ta x -rev isio n pro po sa ls to be sent to Co ng ress la ter this y ea r, is co nsidering urg ing tha t inco me ta x es be impo sed o n So cia l Security a nd Jo bless benefits, the Chica g o Sun-Times repo rted Frida y . 
The newspaper said ending the income tax- free status of these ben­ efits would hike taxes as much as $6.5 billion an­ nually on retired people, their dependents and survivors and on unem­ ployed persons. 

La w kind to 26-y ea r fng itiv e 

TAMPA, Fla. (AP) - Emory Allen 
Belcher doesn’t have to worry about the long arm of the law anymore It let go of him Friday. 
A computer caught up with him this week. 26 years after he fled a convict work camp and settled down 
1oo miles away. He landed back behind bars. 
Belcher, 54, spent two days in jail while prosecutors evaluated his case and debated whether to try him on the old escape charge. They decided to let things be 
“ We’re not going to prosecute,” 
Asst. Hillsborough County State Atty. 

Tom Davidson announced Friday. 
‘The man has been in no trouble at all in the last 26 years. We feel justice would not be served.’* 
Belcher says that ever since his escape he had been using his own name, working as a cook and tile setter in Orlando. 
“ I ’m greatly relieved," Belcher said as he left the county jail a free man. “ I ’m going back to my family and to my work.” 
His Ufe on the lam was Kept secret aU those years. When he was arrested he said “ I was heartbroken.” 
His wife “ always thought I had 

 something hanging over my head. 
But I never told her what it was," he said. “ The last 1o years I didn’t think about it much. The first 16 years I did.” 
Belcher had served 1o months of an 
18-month sentence for a $75 burglary when he fled the work camp in 1951. 
He was a passenger in a friend’s car when they were stopped for a traffic violation en route to work in 
Orlando on Wednesday by D L. Ol­ son, a sharp-eyed Orange County deputy. 
While officers were checking the driver’s license, Olson said he no­ 

 ticed Belcher was fidgety. “ He seemed a little nervous," the policeman explained Friday. “ So we ran a check on him and came up with a hit — a 26-year-old warrant ... you never know what you’re going to find these days." 
The warrant from Hillsborough 
County was dated Dec. 7, 1951, ac­ cording to Circuit Court records. 
Belcher told investigators he had carved out a quiet life for himself — worked, married twice, and fathered several children who made him a grandfather. 

It added that White 
House sources say the administration also is seriously weighing a controversal $4-biIlion proposal to tax capital gains at death, forcing estates to pay income taxes on amounts by which the value of assets appreciated between ac­ quisition and the time the assets are passed along to heirs. 

It quoted sources as saying President Carter 
“ expressed interest” in these revenue-raising proposals at a recent meeting with major ad­ ministration officials to discuss tax revision op­ tions, although no decisions were made. 

A Treasury Depart­ ment spokesman de­ clined to comment on the newspaper report and noted that the adminis­ tration is “ going over the whole range of possibili­ ties on taxes and that meeting was the first of several to discuss a var­ iety of options.” 
Such tax proposals, if eventually made, would be certain to run into heavy fire in Congress. 
To become law, they would have to be ap­ proved by Congress. 

Gra na ta bo ws o ut a t pa rty 

Public Works Dir. Sam 
Granata said farewell to 
City Hall Friday after­ noon at a party held in his honor at the Public 
Works Department. 

Friday was Granata’s last day after 2812 years in city government. 

Granata, 54, served as city manager from May 
1973 to September 1976. w hen he was fired by City 
Council. 

City 
Mgr. 
Thomas 
Huebner refused to ren­ ew Granala’s contract which ends May 31. 

Granata had little comment about his fu­ ture Friday. 

“ I'll be working some­ where. I’ve been an open book for 281^ years, but 
I’m not saying anything now,” Granata said. 

He said he had no de­ finite job now. 

Granata went to work for the city in 1949 as a front office aide to Street 
Com. James W. Knight. 
FTve years later, he became public works director. 
Graduated from Tho­ mas 
Jefferson 
High 
School and Texas A&M 
University, Granata was the second native San 
Antonian to serve as city manager. 
Jerry Henckel was the first native San Antonian to serve as city manager. 
Granata will be re­ placed by Mel Suelten- fuss as public works dir­ ector. 

EXPRESS NEWS 

Publ'iNfd Morwioy t*wo«gH eic*p* lab o r Do y o n d Th o Mig iv in g O o / Of» d r^o t p wb h k h ad 
o« Ju ly 4. 
Chrt^tmoi Do y , 

Veo' i Doy wh#n 
Mof*doy ♦hri>/ijh 
Fr'doy AHo Roi on o AAonòoy 
4. Cbi.»Tmok Doy. N fw i Day 

oo o precffdrng Sunday 
By The f j(pfes$ New% Corporotion 
O &o» 2 t ;i 
Son Antonio. T fo i 
Cleti» Po»tay« PouJ a? 
Son Antomo, Te«o» 

Peq»»*'Ocio corno aii»Kvk> 
2da c*ov^ «1 

39 dt' tnero 19 22, «n to AorntntHtCKiOfi ck 
Cofftot en Nwti'O lor«<to, Tompi^ . Me*no 

All cornffìuoMLuoon» b« odd'e»»«d »o 
Son Antomo («pre»». Ot Son AMonic Newt 
Th>» ne»kpof>«r wiM not be tot 
«•onyic/'pt» Of pbotogropb* not hr 

M AIL SUBSCiilPTIO N RATES 
Ini Md« T««a> 
Sunday 
Motnrng Only - f 
& Syndey 
o "l y 
Sunday Only 

Í Mo 
6 Mo» 
1 
Yr 

S5 49 
S28 U i U 
7 4 
%4 
S 2 J 9 G $4o 11 
$5 o7 
$ 26 13 $ 5o $6 
$4 4 ) 
$23 o$ $44 U 
$3 21 
$1o 1$ $ 3o 8$ abour« «ntluoo »ck» to« ) 

OTHER STATES 
M o 'fima 4 S jn d o r 
ÍS Ü Í3 I 34 4 6 1 I / 
Ovir 
4 
J i AS 43o 25 458 WS 
44 79 424 5o 451 43 
S„-Kio, 
43 48 i ! 6 9 5 432 7* 

 iSiWa’«*»!» W u N ( i w a>i MH 
'• 
I 

Ho«-^ 
-iKwililv' 'oH Il I" 
S o b Ab too.® Morning OB<l bunoey. 43 4o 

 to » i 4 o o r Mex mo st * >^''5. t í 
^o p * ' 
BWbH, ¡.ncliBHl <o.|. io K d O f ObI, — 4 SuB 
4 o , — $1 * 7 sut' m e«»! (lO tW « * 'O n , 5 iunrio/ — S i 84 PO' month ¡mc<u4*> *n<; 

C O M flN A T tO N < *Tf 
Mo ffi.fljj, tv en m g , 

SoW 'O O , (jBd S*,b 4o)t. 44 35 fwr montt,. 

ENUL/ 

 last 2 days and Monday 

 save $2o! your choice of 3 
Lane tables 

 cocktail or end table H19 

Reg. $139. Select hardwood solids in worm brown finish or clear gloss tops over hand-fitted cone with sculptured legs and side roils. Matching corner table, reg. $149, also on sole ;.................... $129. 
Furniture 

 special! 
Sanyo AM’FM stereo system 

Sanyo AM-FM stereo feo- ^ tures built-in 8-trocl< re­ corder. Ploys oil your favorite records and topes. 

Stereos 

 f t 3 A N Y O 

 save $1 to $11! basket bonanza 

 to 
5.99 
9 9 Í 
Comp. $2 to $17. Choose from 14 styles In regular or fancy weave. Over 2oo baskets at super savings! 

Gifts 

$5 off! Meco barbeque gri!! 
34 .9 9 

Rag. 39.99. Swinger II smoker grill has unique 1-pc. tilt-owoy hood for full access to cook­ ing area 
Housewares 

 save 81.95 on 
Magnavox deluxe 19” diagonal color IV! 

Reg. 4 4 9.95 « 3 68 
Mognovox deluxe color TV provides fine quality entertainment for the whole family with such features os 1oo% solid state construc­ tion for greater reliability, automatic fine tuning and precision in­ line tube system for bright, sharp pictures. 

Televisions 

A / * 

 sove$11o! contemporary 5-pc. dining group or china 

 table and 4 chairs or china, reg. $599 « 4 8 9 
Accent your dining room with the look of contemporary elegance. 
Ail-wood table and four chairs in beautiful pecan finish ore the perfect size for apartment living. Complete the set with o lighted 
6o" matching china, also on sole for $489. 

Furniture 
►{►Dillard’s 
SHOP MONDAY-SATURDAY lO 'TIL 9 

PICK A CARD: MASTER CHARGE, BANKAMERICARD OR DILLARD'S WHEN YOU SAY "CHARGE IT" AT DILLARD'S 

 s * - « I. s 4 , I, 
% 
I. 
% 
-■« ' if 
% 
V 
'» 
* 
V 
* i i l 
</ 
I» 
Î» h if 
% '<r 
*» 
*# 
I/ 
'.' 
*■■ 
V 
» » i# 
%• i> 
I( ' l i 

Son Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— Soturdoy May 28 1977 
H 
Poge 
5-A 
Civ il Serv ice refo rm s pla nned 

C IV IL Service C om m ission Chairm an A lan K. Cam pbell, left, and 
Budget Director Bert Lance announce form ation of study grou p 

W A SH IN G T O N POST SEBVICl 

WASHINGTON 
- 
Jim my Carter’s p ro mise to s t r e a m l i n e th e sp raw lin g federal b u r ­ eau cracy go t n ew imp e­ tu s P’ru iay wh en p lan s w ere u i u e i l e d fo r a to p -lo -b o tto m stu dy o f th e cu ll ser\ice sy stem. 
“ Th e o v erall go al is 
\ery simp le.” said Alan 
K. Cam p b ell. C a r t e r ’s n ew h ead o f th e Civ il 
Serv ice 
C o m m is s io n . 

“ It’s to imp ro v e th e re­ sp o n siv en ess o f th e go ­ v ern men t to th e p u b lic." 
Camp b ell, flan k ed b y 
B u dget D i r e c t o r B e rt 
Lan ce, a n n o u n c e d th e fo rmu latio n o f a sp ecial task fo rce to stu dy an d mak e reco mmen datio n s o n th e en tire p erso n n el p o licies o f th e federal go \ern men t. 
Aims simple 
Wh ile th e stu dy itself came co u ch t'd in b u reau - 

 c r a t e s e — it will b e a 
“ dec isio n -fo rc in g, a c ­ tio n -o rien ted p ro cess" — th e b asic alms are sim­ p le. An d th ey are b o u n d to sen d a tremo r th ro u gh th e ran k s o f th e '2.8 mil­ lio n fwleral Civ il Serv ice emp lo y es. 

Wh at th e Carter ad­ min istratio n is p ro p o sin g is a h ard n o sed lo o k at th e way th e go v e r n m e n t h ires — an d fires — an d also p ay s its w o rk e rs . 

Th e o p t'rativ e wo rd is 
“ flex ib ility ." 
Th at mean s ex amin in g way s in wh ich emp lo y es can b e tran sh 'rrt'd fro m agen cy to agen cy as well as a t t e m p t s to cu t th ro u gh th e en « 'ru sted fash io n in wh ich th e Cjv it 
Serv ict' o p erati's. 
\\ h en ask etl if h e really tiio u gh t a fresii ap p ro ach w as w a r r a n t e d , C a m p ­ b ell rep lied: 
" The e\ iden ce is mo re 

 th an ade tju a le th at ch an ges are b adlv n eed­ ed." 
Two y ea rs 
( amp b ell en v isio n s th e stu dv . an d resu ltin g re- co mim'iu iatio n s. to tak i' at least two \ e a r s . Bu t so me reco mn n 'u datio n s callin g fo r im m e dia li' ch an ges ('o u ld co n u ' a s q u ick ly as two m o n th s fro m n o w. 
H(* si'cs t lu ' mo v e a s ev i'iitu ally req u ii'in g 

 here’s a super purchase for summer... taiTKMis maker knit shirts for young men 

Comparo at $12 to $2o. Choose from a variety of colors in solids and stripes, cool cotton a polyester/cotton blends, sizes SM-L-XL hertci hi o 

 save 1.25 on a pair of 
Round the Clock^ pantyhose and get a free gift, too! 
2.5o 

Reg. 3 .75. During this nifty sole, buy o pair of sondolfoot sheer pantyhose from Round the Clock^ and get o free pair of sondolfoot knee-hi's. Choose from four colors and sizes. 

Hosiery 

 here’s a special purchase! junior tank and tee tops 
3.99 

Pick your tank and short sleeve tee tops from polyester blend kits in sum­ mery stripes or solids, S-M-L 

Junior Sportswear 

 special purchase juniors famous maker sun-back jumpsuits 
19.99 

Compare at $24 to $28. Stay cool this summer in o casual, comfortable sun-bock cotton jumpsuit from our famous maker collection. Choose from on assortment of solid colors in sizes 5-13. A super summer fashion value! 

Junior Dresses 

 so me n ew legislatio n , in ­ clu din g th e jMissihility o f a c o m p re h e n s i v e Civ il 
Serv ice refo rm at't. Th e 
Civ il Serv ice actio n s will fo rm a k ey p art o f 
Carter's p lan to reo rgan ­ ize th e federal go v ern - mt'iit. 
I'’r i d a y ’s a n n o u n c e ­ men t cap s w ee k s o f deiilu 'ratio n s with in th e 
Carti'i' a dm i n i s t r a t i o n o v er ho w to ap p ro ach th e critical “ an d n u u 'h cri­ ticized — fedi-ral b u r- cau crai’v 
As 
Cam p ix dl re- u u u k t'd, “ Career {» co p lc an - gettin g b iau u 'd fo r a b u reau cracy th at do esn 't r e s p o n d. " He said th e 
C arter ap p ro a ch r e p r e ­ sen ts a di'p artu rc fro m all p rev io u s siiidu 's dat­ in g fro m th e New Deal day s o n b o w to mak e tin * go v ern men t wo rk mo i-e efficien tIv an d effi'Ctiv e- ly . 
All th e o tiiers, h e p o in ted o u t. w e r e c o n ­ du cted b y s p e c i a l i s t s o u tside th e go v ern men t. 
Ta sk fo rce 
T‘lu * n ewly created task fo rce eo n u 's fro m p eo p U* already in sn h ' in th e fe- deraI serv i c e . 11 rt'- p l'eseiils. ill rjimp b eU’s w o rds, “ a v m y direct c h a l l e n ge ’’ to p i'o p le witln n th e h iu 'can eraey to sho w llu 'v h av e tin * will n id tin ' desire to ch an ge 
.\n o lh e r aim o f th e stu dy is to reeo n n iu 'in l way s to cu t Ih ro n gli, an d slio rteii eo iisideraldy , tin ' lime it tak es to adin di- eate (p iestio n s o v er an emjilo y e's p erfo rman ee. 
It n o w tak es as lo n g as a y ear to s e ttle s o m e o f th est' ea s e s . C am p b i'll said 
A .sp ecial largt't o f tlie stu dy will h e th e so - called “ su p er-gi ade” go - v i'rn mt'iit jo h s, tho se- tliat p ay tin - liigln 'st an d are p ri'sen tly p ro tt'cled b y lemirt' u n der Civ il S e r ­ v ice regu latio n s. 
Of tlie go v ('rn m en t ‘s 
Civ il Serv h e fo rce, Ha p er cen t o f th e n early J mil­ lio n emp io y t's wo rk o u t­ side till* V\ asln u gto ii a r ­ ea. Bu t o f tin - so me (i.llOll s u p e r gr a de lo b s. th e v ast m a j o r i t y w o rk in 
Wash in gto n . 
.Man agers at th e n p iier lev els o f go v e r n m e n t sh o u ld h av e m o re free­ do m in ex ercisin g th eir sn p erv i.sio n th an at p resen t. Cam|)b (-ll said. 
Criiicized 
'I'he Civ il Serv ice Co m­ missio n I t s e l f , of wh ich 
Cam|)l>{*ll 
IS th e n ew 
(■h airman , h as In -eii th e su b ject <d iiilen se criti­ cism an d co n tro v ersy in recen t y ears. 
,\ Ilo iise Civ il Serv ice sn b eo m m ittei' recen tly do eu n u 'iiled lo n g ab u ses o f Hu * meril sy s te m o f h irin g du rin g th e Nix o n admin istratio n . Fav o red 
,jo l)-aj)p lieaiU f o rm s , m a n y o f th e m reeo n i- men ded b y jio litieian s o r 
Wh ite Ho u se o fficials, were la gged with p in k sh eets, fo r ex am p le, to in dicate sp ecial treat­ men t. 
Ma so nic co ncla v e 
Sa turda y 

S co ttish 
Hite memb ers, h igh Maso n ic o fficials an d can didates fo r degrees fro m rg> So u th an d S o u th w est T ex a s co u n ties will meet Satu r­ day at th e Sco ttish Hite 
Temp le, Av en u e F an d 
Fo u rth SIrei't. 
Lin co ln ,A 
H ersh ey , reu n io n directo r gen eral, wdl o |K'ii th e co n clav e at 
7:.1(1 a.m. with a b rief weleo me to th e class, v iMto rs, m e m b e r s u in l dn itn ign ish ed gu ests. 
Ke.v n o le sp eak er Lo u is 
Can dy will address th e class o n th e “ Bu riio ses o f 
S co ttish Hite F re o m u - so n ry .” 
Officers will h e elected du rin g th e e o n e l a v e ’s clo sin g schsio n . 

 pick a pair of shorts for summer and save 5.o1! 
4.99 

Orig. $1o. Choose from four styles in red, white, navy, peach, yellow or blue, poly ester/blends. 3*13. 
Junior Sportswear 

 super purchase! levi’sf^ jeans and jackets 
9.99 

»1» Dillan J’s 

SHOP MONDAY-SATURDAY1o 'TIL 9 

Compare at 15.5o to $21. Try these 1o o % brushed cotton "Movin' On" jeans and jackets by Levi's*. also save on denim or corduroy jeans, Sizes 
28-38, jeans. 38-44, jackets. 

Levi’s Shop 

La ckla nd a irma n fa ll v ictim 

A L ac k lan d a i r m a n was k illed after h e ap - jiaren tly ju m p ed fro m 
(he n n ith flo o r o f Wilfo rd 
Hall 
USAF 
M edical 
Cen ter, military o fficials said Friday . 

Killed was K en n e th 
Ch risten sen . 19. A h o sp i­ tal sp o k esman said th e in c iden t o c c u r r e d 
W e dn es day a fte rn o o n after th e v ictim crash ed th ro u gh a clo sed win do w in th e cen tral p art o f th e facility . 
He ha d been a pa tient til the ho spita l since 
April 1 4 . 

San Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— Soturdoy May 28 19 77 
Trudea us o fficia lly split 

ASSOCIATED PRESS 
OTTAWA, Ca na da — Atter mo nths o f rumo rs, F’rime Min­ ister Pierre Ellio tt Trudea u a nd his wife Ma rg a ret ma de it o ffi­ cia l Frida y . 

Ca na d ia n p rim e minister a ccep ts wife\s wish to lea ve m a rria g e ^with reg reC 

PIERRE TRUDEAU 
. accepts w ife’s wish 

Th« *y a re sepa ra ting a fter six y ea rs o f ma rria g e a t ht't* request. 
Trudea u. 57 , will ha v e custo dy o f the co uple’s three so ns, a cco rding to a n a nno uncement fro m the prime m inis­ te r ’s o ffice. It sa id M a rg a ret, 2 8 , 
“ wishes to lea v e the m a rria g e a nd pursue a n independent ca reer’’ a nd 
Trudea u a ccepted her derisio n “ with rt'g ret.’* 
The Trudea us ha v e spent little; time to g ether in the pa st three mo nths, with 
Ma rg a ret beco ming the center o f co n­ 

 tro v ersy during trips to New Yo rk, 
Wa shing to n a nd o ther po ints. 
She ha s ta ken specia l pho to a ssig n­ m ents fo r Peo ple m a g a zine o f New 
Yo rk a nd co ntinued her tra v els despite g o ssip in Ca na da a bo ut her co nduct. 
Neither Trudea u no r Ma rg a ret wa s a v a ila ble fo r co mment. A spo kesma n fo r Trudea u sa id the prime m inister wa s spending the weekend with his so ns a t the o fficia l summer residence o n Ha rring to n La ke a bo ut 4o m iles no rth o f Quebec. 
M a rg a ret’s friends sa id she wa s i 
New Yo rk a nd Wa shing to n la st week but they did no t kno w where she is 

 niw. She wa s repo rted pla nning to spend mo st o f June in Brita in, po ssibly pursuing her ca reer a s a pho to ­ g ra pher, 
Trudea u’s spo kesma n sa id the brea k is a leg a l sepa ra tio n a nd he did no t kno w if a div o rce wo uld fo llo w. Bo th a re Ro ma n Ca tho lics. 
The Trudea us w ere m a rried in a secret Va nco uv er ceremo ny six y ea rs a g o . 
Their so ns a re Justin P ierre. 5. 
Alex a ndre (Sa cha ) Emma nuel, 4. a nd 
Michel Cha rles-Emile. J. 
The Trudea us ha v e been liv ing a pa rt fo r three m o nths, with M a rg a ret 

 tra v eling while the prime m inister wa s a t ho me a nd returning to see her so ns when he wa s a w a y . 

A brief a nno uncement by Trudea u’s o ffice sa id: 
“ Pierre a nd Ma rg a ret Trudea u a n­ no unce tha t beca use o f M a rg a ret’s wishes they sha ll beg in liv ing sepa ra te a nd a pa rt. 
“ M a rg a ret re lin q u ish es a ll priv ileg es a s the w ife o f the prim e minister a nd wishes to lea v e the ma r­ ria g e a nd pursue a n independent ca r­ eer. 
“ P ierre will h u \e cu stiKly o f th eir tlir(*e MMis. g iv in g Marg aret g en ero u s aeee^^. to th em. 
“ Pierre aecep ts M arg aret’s d ecisio n with reg ret an d b o th p ray th at th eir sep aratio n will lead to a b etter rela­ tio n sh ip b etween th emselv es.’’ 
MARGARET TRUDEAU 
. . going her own w ay 

T-shirts, orig, $1o to $14 .......... 4.99 to 6.99 

Choose from solid, stripe and novelty tank tops 

 and T-shirts with cap sleeves or short sleeves, 

 in polyester/cotton. Assorted colors, S-M-L, 

Sportswear 

Biousons, compare at $14 to $16 .........7.99 

Choose from an assortment of summery 

 colors and prints in polyester or blends, with 

 cowl or bateau necks, cap or short sleeves. 

1o-18, S-M-L. 

Top Shop 

LAST 

Tee shirts, compare at $6 to $8 .......... 3.99 

Solids, stripes and novelties ore included in 

 this terrific assortment of cotton knit t-shirts 

 in a variety of styles, sizes S-M-L 

Top Shop 

T-tops, compare at $7 ..................... 2.99 

Here's a special purchase of striped tees in 

 white with navy, block, red, yellow, green or 

 orange stripes, short sleeves in polyester/ 

 nylon, S-M-L-XL. 

Top Shop 

Women’s tops, compare at $14-18...... 9.99 

Choose from assorted prints and solids in 

 summer colors, polyester/cotton or blends, 

 and mix and match with all of your casual 

 wear. Sizes 38-46 

Women's World 

Women’s pants, compare at $15 ....... 7.99 

Black, white or navy super colors fashioned 

 from 1 o o % Ponte De Romo polyester with 

 pull-on styling, stitched front crease, sizes 32-4o. 

Women's World 

Half-Size dresses, comp, at $18-24___ 13.99 

Especially fashioned for the holt-sized woman, 

 in blue, red, green or navy polyester/cotton, 

 prints and patterns, short sleeves, zip front . 

Available in sizes 14V2-24V2. 

Women's World 
SAVE 

3 3 % » 4 o % 

Jackets, ong $27 47 
, 

Pants, ong. $14-25 

Skirts, orig, $14-24 

Tops, orig, $8-24. 

Mix and match a wardrobe from 

 these polyester knit separates 

 including T-shirts, tanks, tunics, 

 jackets, pants, skirts and shorts. 

Available in sizes 8-18. 

Dillard ’s 

SHOP MONDA7 THRU SATURDAY 
4 
FROM 1o A M. TIL 9 PM 

SPORTSWEAR 
COORDINATES 
FOUR 
FAMOUS 
MAKERS 

Originally $8 to $47 

3 .9 9 ,o 3 o . 9 9 

\ ' s \ 
% V 
T > 
<t ’■* ir 
* r t i 
Ct t f 
\ f 
"m% 
<• V V 
O O » I '$< 
► 
'» '* 4 
[Vo te sa v es cents, y spends do lla rs 

Son Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— Soturdoy Moy 2 8 1 9 77 
Pa ge ‘ 7-A 

AUSTIN 
(AP) - The Sen ate v oted F riday to sav e som e T ex an s pen n ies on their u tility bills bu t also approv ed spen din g million s in tax dol­ lars. 
It also sen t to Gov . Dolph Briscoe an am en ded v ersion of a bill he had requ ested to fight organ ized crime. 
Hou se members sen t the gov ern or a bill prohibitin g discrimin ation again st an y on e who objects to participatin g in an abortion . They also approv ed a m easu re lim itin g telephon e com ­ pan ies’ right to charge for directorv assistan ce calls, bu t it goes back to the 
Sen ate. 
The organ ized crim e m e a su re 

 prov ides sen ten ces from fiv e y ears to life for n u merou s offen ses, in clu din g arson , robbery , gamblin g an d posses­ sion of dru gs, if the offen se was com­ mitted in con ju n ction with fiv e or more person s. 
A compromise proposal drawn u p by a con feren ce committee was approv ed by the Hou se 121-2o an d the Sen ate 
21-4. 
The Sen ate also accepted, 22-6 , a con feren ce committee report on B ris­ coe’s proposal to requ ire m ore tim e behin d bars for crim in als who u se gu n s or who in ju re v ictim s in rape, robbery , kidn appin g or sex u al abu se cases. 
Utility-tax swap measure stuck 

By ROBERT OCHOA 
EXPRESS C A PITO l BUREAU 

.AUSTIN — A bill which former Gov . 
John Con n u ily wan ted passed throu gh the legislatu re has been immobilized an d possibly left to die. 
The con trov ersial bill wou ld au thor­ ize a special u tility “ in lieu -of-tax ’’ ex emption for Bex ar Cou n ty school districts an d the hospital district. 
The districts are cu rren tly itay in g their u tility bills to City Pu blic Ser­ v ice. a portion of which (11.5 per cen t) is deposited in to the city ’s gen eral rev en u e fu n d. 
In clu ded u n der the proposed e?;emp- tion wou ld be sev eral cities ly in g ou tside of San .An ton io serv ed by CPS 
Floresv ille 
Con n ally ’s homt?town . Floresv ille. is on e of those cities which wou ld hav e ben efited from the legislation spon ­ sored by Rep. Don Cartwright of Su n 
.An ton io an d Sen . John Traeger of Se- gu in . 
Traeger said Friday Con n ally called him u l)ou t Cartwright’s bill an d asked him to try an d pu sh it throu gh the 
Sen ate. 
Floresv ille Power & Light Co. offi- eials testified before legislativ e com- mitttx 's their city 's con tribu tion to San 
.Xn ton io’s u tility charge amou n ted to n early $1 million a y eai-. 
Floresv ille’s u tility sy stem serv es llu ' cities of Poth, Siockdale, Falls City an d La Vern iu . 
In 19 75. Floresv ille Lightin g & Power paid CPS $1.4 million for electricity pu rchased to serv e its 5,6911 cu stomers. 
C artw right’s HB116 o fin ally passed the Hou se Thu rsday after man u ev er- in g arou n d ev ery im agin able legisla­ tiv e roadblock. 
An y sign of easy goin g in the Sen ate, 

 howev er, was v ery short-liv ed. 
The bill ran in to on e of those tru m ps prov ided to sen ators to u se again st legislation they don ’t pa rtic u la rly agree wiih. 
In this in stan ce, a lawm aker from 
B row n sv ille. Sen . R au l L on goria, placed his 4H-hou r tag on HB116 Ü, 
Lon goria’s tag, at this stage of Ihe legislatu re with on ly two workin g day s left, cou ld hav e possibly frozen the bill to death. 
Immobilized 
A sen ator’s tag im m obilizes a bill from an y kin d of action for 48 hou rs. 
“The City of San An ton io pu t the tag on it,” Lon goria told the Ex press F ri­ day . 
Lon goria an d Traeger n early en ded u p in a scu ffle ov er the taggin g. 
.At the con clu sion of a Sen ate com ­ m ittee m eetin g, the two leg islators ex chan ged heated words ov er the bill. 
“There’s a lot of poor peoplo in San 
.An ton io who are goin g to be hu rl by this bill,’’ Lon goria told Traeger. 
“The city say s this mon ey Is goin g to hav e to come from somewhere.’’ 
T raeger an sw ered, “ E v ery thin g 1 represen t is affected fav orablv bv this bill.” 
‘ 
' 
Miracle 
T raeger then told Lon goria, “ Now that y (» u 'v e pu t y ou r lag on this bill, it’s goin g to take a parliam en tary m iracle to pass it.” 
The bill has l)C(‘n set for a hearin g 
Mon day m orn in g before the Sen ate 
Admin istration Committee. 
Traeger rt‘ceiv ed approv al from the 
Sen ate to switch the bill ov er to the 
A dm in istration Com m ittee from the 
In terg ov ern m en tal R elation s Com ­ mittee becau se it will n o lon ger hear an y more bills. 

“This is at the v ery heart of the fight again st crim e,’’ said Sen . Bill Meier, 
D-Eu less. 
Filibu ster 
A bill perm ittin g the u se of oral con fession s was stalled by a filibu ster by Sen . Gen e Jon es, D-Hou ston . 
En d-of-the-session con fu sion w as ev iden t as Sen ate em ploy es had to clear com m ittee on lookers from the cham ber sev eral m in u tes a fte r the 
Sen ate was to hav e gon e in session . 
The 14o-day session mu st adjou rn by m idn ight M on day , an d on e of the major issu es — pu blic school fin an ce 
— was still locked in a 1o-m em her con feren ce committee. 
Sen ators v oted, 28 -3, to lower tax es on u tilities an d in heritan ces by $53.2 million . On ly those hou seholds that u se n o more than 5oo kilow att hou rs of electricity or 5,2oo cu bic feet of gas a mon th wou ld be ex em pted from the sales tax . 
It is estim ated that this wou ld resu lt in a sav in gs of 9 2 cen ts a mon th on gas an d electricity bills totalin g $23-$24. 
Failed 
Sen . Pey ton M cK n ight, D -T y ler, failed, 9 -22, in an effort to restore the across-the-board ex em ption in the 
Hou se bill. The measu re approv ed by the Sen ate goes back to the Hou se. 
“ It (the bill) does little to help peo­ ple pay the higher cost of en erg y ,’’ said McKn ight. 
The bill also raises the ex emption on in heritan ce tax es from $25,ooo to 
$2oo,o(MK 
A statewide sy stem of adu lt proba­ tion approv ed by the Sen ate will cost the state $19 .7 million ju st to start. The bill goes to the gov ern or. 
A six -member commission will dis­ tribu te state fu n ds to redu ce probation officer caseloads an d en able ju dges to pu t more con v icts on probation . 
“This is the first m ajor adv an ce in crimin al ju stice reform in the state in a great n u m ber of y ears,” said Sen , 
A.R. Schwartz, D-Galv eston . 
Also sen t to the g ov ern or w ere 
Schwartz’s three bills to protect the 
Tex as coast, in clu din g on e to giv e the state lan d com m ission er an d P a rks an d Wildlife Departmen t n ew power to iden tify an d con demn “ wetlan ds.” 
Veto power 
Cou n ty com m ission ers wou ld hav e v eto power ov er a con demn ation , an d on ly the gov ern or cou ld ov erride the v eto. 
The Hou se approv ed an d sen t to the 
Sen ate a proposed c on stitu tion a l amen dmen t to raise the homestead tax ex em ption for person s ov er 6 5. The proposal wou ld hav e in creased the ex ­ emption on assessed tax es from $3,ooo to $4,ooo. The Hou se su bstitu te d a prov ision , howev er, giv in g an ex em p­ tion of $8 ,ooo, based on appraised —• n ot assessed 
—■ v alu e. 

ÜHNpBHV'-X- 
. . . i Mu' immk w . . 
Cloa k e d in le opa rd s k ins a nd be a r rugs , s ix th gra de s tude nts a t Ca mbridge Ele me nta ry Sc hool took a trip ba c k into pre -his toric time During the da y -long liv ing his tory le s s on multi-me dia a re a s tude nts re c re a te d s c e ne s from e ight ma jor time pe riods . 
2 scho o l fína ncíng pro po sa ls rejected by Sena te co nferees 

DOflitBUVAnV puRmruRE'ti sunDflv 

PEOPLE im o 
P E A l i rA M fi E 
S4!/X¥ GS^ lO P E /T A i:.. 

SHOP 

 w i y / rj TM efff 

AUSTIN 
(AP) — Hou se an d 
Sen ate n egotiators rejected two pack­ age proposals on school fin an ce Friday an d recessed u n til Satu rday morn in g. 
Sen ators v oted 5-o again st an $8 53 million proposal by Rep. Tom Massey , 
D-San An gelo, which in clu des $238 m illion for teacher pay ra ise s, $7 7 million for main ten an ce, an d requ ires local districts to raise $357 million . 
On ly three Hou se m em bers w ere presen t when Massey called for a v ole on his proposal, an d all three su pport­ ed it. 
Majority it lakes three Hou se m em bers an d three sen ators to con stitu te a m ajority . 
The con ferees then v oted on an $86 2 million proposal by Rep. DeWilt Hale, 
D-Corpu s Cbristi, which in clu des $375 million for teacher pay raises, $1o3 for m ain ten an ce, an d requ ires local dis­ tricts to raise $18o million . 
Again , the sen ators lin ed u p in op­ position , 5-o. On ly Hale v oted for it amon g the Hou se members. 
Sena to r’s wind is cut sho rt 
AUSTIN 
(AP) — 
Sen ators v oted 14-11 to adjou rn Friday ev en in g, en din g Sen . Gen e Jon es* short-liv ed filibu ste r again st an oral con fes­ sion s bill at fou r hou rs, 
15 min u tes. 
The Sen ate had twice refu sed e a rfie r to a d ­ jou rn , forcin g Jon e s, u su ally a qu iet m an on the fron t row of the Sen ­ ate, to stay on his feet. 
“ I thin k I cou ld hav e gon e an other two or three m in u te s,” cracked 
Jon es, 
D -H ou ston . 
“ Actu ally , I feel rather good.” 
The Sen ate adjou rn ed u n til 1o a.m . S atu rday an d Jon es said he hasn ’t decided whether to ren ew his filibu ste r, w hich began at 2:28 p.m ., if the bill shou ld com e u p again . 

M assey then d istribu ted what he called “ Massey No. 2,” which chan ges on ly two figu res in Massey No. 1: $32o million in stead of $357 million for local fu n d assign men t, an d $272 million in ­ stead of $238 million for teacher pay raises. That cu ts the total c» >st from 
$853 million to $85o million . 
He also compared how Massey No. 2 wou ld affect certain districts with what those d is tric ts wou ld g et if the legislatu re fails to pass a sclu >oI fi­ n an ce bill an d the state has to u se the 
1975 legislatu re’s school fin an ee bill. 

'I'he poor Eilgewood « listn et in San 
An ion io wou ld get $3.o9 6 m illn in in additu Hial state aid u n der Massey No 
2, bu t on ly $6 o2,ooo ad d ition al aid u n di'r the 1975 lu ll 
Corpu s Cbn .sU wtiiiUI gel $3,9 45 lu il- 
Imn n compared with a eiit of $17 ,ooo 
San An ton io wou ld gel $6 .oo7 milli« » n , coMipari'd with $2.241 million , 

Alamo Ih'ights wou ld get $28 2,ooo, etu tipared with $537,ooo 

Hou ston wou ld get $12 million , com- pan n i with a cu t of $4.5 million . 

CO AST TO t OAST 
CLOSED 
TODAY OPEN SUNDAY 
11AM TO 7 PM 
5 4 3 o GREAT FARE ROAD 

P/s ca ra t dia mo nd in y ello w g o ld 

7 29 '' 
A bea utiful 1.3 2 ca ra t dia mo nd set in a lo v ely 14 K y ello w g o ld penda nt a ccented in bla ck ena mel. 
At Joske's y ou get more of what y ou wan t for what y ou wan t to spen d 
Diamon d Salon , Down town , Addition al selection North Star an d Win dsor Park. Illu stration en larged to show detail 

BILL MLLER BAR-BQUE COUPON 
Fa mily Order Ba r-B-Que Beef 

Loop (41o) an d 1-35 a t Rittima n Rd. Ex it 
Sa n Antonio, Te x a s 
1512) 6 6 1-5331 

NOW OPEN 
’ Til 9 P.M. 

•C O # V R U /H i I t t i L IV IT Z h in siii 
S t Í OR H i N A H U H 

1 lb. of dolic iou* BBQ BEEF with SAUCE, a nd 1 pint e a c h! COLE SLAW, POTATO SALAD, PINTO 
BEANS A LOAF OF FREKCH BREAD. 
Ra ga la riy $4 .9 5 , lim it 
2 
JOI N THE PEOPLE WHO REALLY KNOW. . . 

AND YOU'LL LOVE I T AT LEVI TZ TOO! 

TO 6 o 
ONIY 
SPSCIALS e PFiCTIVi THIiU We DNESDAY, JUNE 1« 1 9 77 m m gL 

S w « « t Icod 
T E A , 1 ^ 
7 9* 

III 
IIIIIII 

, 1 

 piv f (kp 

, R HOMETOWN GROCER SINCE 1936 
★ DELUXE: YOUR HOMETOWN GROCER SINCE 1936 

 gXR YOUR HDMETOWN GROCER SINCE 1936 
* ★ DELUKE: YOUR HOMETOWN GROCER SINCE 1936 

 v SW EET 
POUND. 

"H A S S " BUTTEEV RIPE ~ 
A 
V 
O 
O 
ósJ C ^ S ìa 
U s . No. i 
£>l2 E u 

B A R B O - P L A IN 
PO TA TO 
CHIPS 

© COUNT CARTON O F 

S COUNT CARTON OF 

Su n o co E n erg y Dev e­ lo p m en t C o .’s Co rd ero m in e in th e Po w d er 
Riv er Basin is attem p t­ in g to d ev elo p a m ajo r en erg y so u rce in an o r­ d erly an d efficien t m an ­ n er to m ain tain th e en ­ v iro n men tal v alu es o f th e reg io n . 

F a ther leg a lly kidna ps o wn so n 

A fa ther, frustra ted by the leg a l sy stem , dro v e to Pennsy lv a nia o v er the weekend, kidna ped his o wn so n a nd bro ug ht him ba ck to Tex a s. 

Ken n eth Lawso n , 27 , an d h is fiv e-y ear-o ld so n retu rn ed to San An to n io Th u rsd ay . 
Th e ab d u ctio n was en g in eered b y a n o n -p ro fit ag en cy called Un ited Paren ts o f Ab sco n d ed Ch ild ren o p eratin g o u t o f New Yo rk . 
Lawso n said th e k id n ap in g , wh ich o ccu red at 4 p .m. Mo n d ay o u tsid e th e No rristo wn . Pa., h o me o f h is d iv o rced wife Ella Lawso n , was q u ite leg al. 
Fa ther g ets custo dy 

Ken n eth an d Ella Lawso n were d iv o rced in 3 7 th 
District Co u rt h ere last Au g u st. Th e d ecree g av e th e h u sb an d cu sto d y o f Dav id , th en fo u r y ears o ld , with v isitatio n rig h ts to th e wife. 
Sh e to o k u p resid en ce in No rristo wn an d flew to 
San An to n io last Th an k sg iv in g week en d to v isit h er so n . 
“Th e mo men t my b ack was tu rn ed ,” Lawso n said , 
“sh e slip p ed o u t o f to wn with o u r so n an d h ead ed b ack to Pen n sy lv an ia wh ere th ey settled in .” 
Lawso n said th ree lawy ers, a Tex as warran t fo r 
Ella’s arrest, an in co n clu siv e ch ild cu sto d y h earin g m No rristo wn an d sev eral trip s to Pen n sy lv an ia h av e co st h im $8,(1oo an d p ro d u ced n o th in g , 
Th e state o f Pen n sy lv an ia d o es n o t co o p erate with 
Tex as co u rt d ecrees o n ch ild cu sto d y , h e said . 
Spends $8,ooo 
“ I'd sp en t mo re th an $8,o o o try in g to d o th is th in g leg ally . Bu t ab so lu tely n o th in g was h ap p en in g so I to o k th e law in to my o wn h an d s,” Lawso n said . 
After all o th er attemp ts failed , Lawso n co n tacted 
Un ited Paren ts o f Ab sco n d ed Ch ild ren in New Yo rk . 
Th e o rg an izatio n sen t ag en t Bill Ralsto n to No r­ risto wn with o rd ers to case Ella Lawso n ’s resid en ce an d fin d o u t h o w to ab d u ct little Dav id with o u t attractin g atten tio n . 
With th e h elp o f R alsto n , Lawso n an d h is b ro th er-in -law, Sam Ro b erts, th en g rab b ed Dav id fro m a sid ewalk n ear h is mo th er’s ap artmen t h o u se an d retu rn ed to Tex as, h e said . 
Pa sto r sa ys 
S u n d a y ra lly to to p g a ys 

A Ba ptist pa sto r pla ns to ex ceed ho mo ­ sex ua l suppo rters 1o to o ne Sunda y by sta g ing a n a nti-ho mo sex ua lity ra lly a t 4 p.m. in fro nt o f the Ala mo . 

Gay lead ers h o p e to attract LUOO p eo p le to th eir fu n d -raisin g d an ce Su n d ay fro m 7 to 11 p .m. at San 
An to n io Co u n try , 1122 N. St. Mary 's St. 
Dr. Jo e West, o f th e To wn East Bap tist Ch u rch , said h e ex p ects 1o ,o o o p eo p le to tu rn o u t to co u n ter th e g ay fu n d -raiser. 
“ We wan t to su p p o rt mo rals in th is co u n try as th ey h av e sto o d o v er th e y ears,” West said . “ We wan t to p ro v e Su n An to n io is b y an d larg e an ti-h o ­ mo sex u ality . Man y ch u rch es h av e alread y resp o n d ­ ed fav o rab ly ,” 
West will accep t co n trib u tio n s at th e rally to su p ­ p o rt b is camp aig n . He said h alf th e fu n d s h e re­ ceiv es will b e sen t to An ita Bry an t to aid h er fig h t ag ain st a h o mo sex u al rig h ts law 
Miss Bry an t h as b een in v ited to th e San 
An to n io rally , b u t West said h e h as n o t receiv ed a co mmittmen t fro m h er. 
San An to n ian s w h o wan t to co n trib u te can call West at 84 8-28o 1 o r sen d co n trib u tio n s to “ Sav e o u r Ch il­ d ren ,” P.O. Bo x 4 o 27 4 5, Miami Beach , F'ia., 3 3 14 o , 

Remember W hen "Co mics” .W ere 

"Fa nnies” ? THEY STILL ARE! 

In the S u n d a y E x p re ss- N e w s 

Th e Co rd ero min e n ear 
Gillette, Wy o ., wh ich h as b een sellin g its co al to 
City P u b lic Serv ice o f 
San An to n io , h as tak en o n a th ree fo ld ch allen g e p resen ted b y ex ten siv e min in g in th at state. 

A RANCH m anager inspects a SUNEDCO Irrigated grain field which is the site o f extensive research into m ethods of reclaim ing the environm ent after surface mining has taken place 

SUNEDCO also h o p es th e min e will fu n ctio n as a fo rce fo r p ro d u ctiv e ch an g e in th e co mmu n ity an d act as a resp o n sib le co rp o rate citizen . 

CO AL from the Cordero mine m oves up conveyor belts, through tw o crushers and Into giant silos where it is deposited into 1 OO- car coal trains for shipm ent to San Antonio 

*4 
■% % X 
» X i . 
\ 
\ 
• <* i "'- h i t •^m i » 
'4 i 
V V 
V 
»* % 
V i l t .' t t (I 
>, 

Sa n Anto nio EXPRESS-NEWS—Sa turda y Ma y 2 8 1 97 7Po g e 9-A 
P eters hits ju stice sy stem bog 

By JAMES MKRORY 
Da nny X wa s a rrested o n his 
1 3 th sepa ra te burg la ry cha rg e witho ut ev er l>eing tried o n his first. Po lice Chief E.E. Peters to ld the Bex a r Co unty Republi­ ca n Wo men Frida y . 
The chief was oiakini» the jx hnt !he sy stem <»f ju stice is clok'Ked. ix igKed l)y the sheer nu mber of arrests, inability to get those arrestc‘d to trial atid lack of sp ace in tlie p enitentiary sy stem to hou se them. 
San Antonifi p olice made 2.Odd ari' rests for bu rglaries alone last y ear, 
Peters said, bu t he doesn’t ex p ect more than 2dd to iret to cou rt. 
The other l.Sd'tf,’ Well. Peters be- lie\es some u ill be redu ced to lesser 

Po lice chief sa ys Bex a r Co unty co uld use six o r eig ht mo re crimina l d istrict co urts 

 tdfenses. Plea bargaining will disp ose of a nu mber. Stringent screening will resu lt in some being thro\MT ou t be­ cau se of the sheer mass, and some will be set aside to clear the. desks. 
Like situa tio n 
The same situ ation holds in theft ia.fidd arrests in San Antonio last y ear) and driv ing while intox icated cases 
{4,ddtl arrests last y ear), Peters said. 
While two new c rim ina l d istric t cou rts which went into op eration this y ear will help , P eters said, Bex ar 
Cou nty cou ld u se six or eight more criminal district cou rts. 
M emo ria l w eekend to ll ma y hit 5 o o 

CHICAGO (A P) - V acationers across the nation look to the highway s 
Friday at the start of the Memorial 
Day weekend, first warm-weather ho­ liday of the y ear. 

The National Safety Cou ncil esti- 

 mates a national traffic death toll of 
4o1) to 5 dd for the weekend. 
* Du ring the three-day holiday last y ear. 442 p ersons were killed in traffic accidents. Highest toll for the p eriod was 62o deaths in the 1968 fou r-day obseiwance. 

The chief als(» hop es the new Career 
Crintinal Program aimed at rep eaters w ill do some good. Under that p ro­ gram. the p olice and the criminal dis­ trict atorney will work together to bring rep eaters to trial before first offenders. 
Besides citing the need for additional cou rts, Peters p ointed ou t the Tex as 
Dep artment of Corrections needs more 
Jail sp ace to hou se conv icted crimin­ als. lie noted the Tex as p rison p op u ­ lation has increased in 1o y ears from 
16,ooo to 24.ooo p risoners, bu t the sy s­ tem hasn’t had a comp arable increase in jail ex p ansion. 
Disa ppo intment 
Peters ex p ressed disap p ointment a bill to deny bail to rep eater defendants at the ju d ge 's discretion ap p ears headed for the legislativ e gra\ey ard. 
In argu ing for incarceration of re­ p eaters, Peters observ ed: 
“ A locked-u p criminal doesn’t com­ mit mu ch crime.” 

He also noted all too often too mu ch concern is show n for the defendant and 
Ids rights to the ex clu sion of the rights of the v ictim. 
Discu ssing rehat)ilitation, f*elers l ommented officials ha\ en’l had too mu ch su ccess “ in making good p eop le ou t of bad p eop U'.” 
Ex pressed a la rm 

A San Antonio p oliceman since 1941 and chief since 1971, Peters ex jiressed alarm at the increase of women, p ar­ ticu larly female ju v eniles, inv olv ed in crime. 
He said he didn’t know if it was du e to the change in the lifesty le, women’s liberation or a retu rn of the Bonnie and Cly de sy ndrome. 
On the good side of the ledger, 
Peters said, crimes of a v iolent natu re are down in San Antonio. On the bad side, he added, bu rglaries and thefts are u p . 
While San Antonio is the nation’s 
1oth largest city . Peters said it ranked 
39th in the nation in robberies last y ear and 29th in rap es. 
On the credit side for the p olice de- 

 p artm ent, the chief rep orted p olice cleared 89 p er cent of the mu rders in 
San .Antonio last y ear, comp ared to the national clearance av erage of 78 p er cent; cleared 75 p er cent of the rap es, comp ared to the national a\erage of 5 1, and brok<‘ 42 p er cent of the robberies, well abo\e the national a\erage of 27. 
Contrary to p u blic op inion, Peters said. 7o p er cent of the bu rglaries are committed du ring day light hou rs. 
Added deterrent 
Asked his op inion of Neighborhood liangers, F’eters said any added deter­ rent to crime is good. 
In answer to another q u estion. 
Peters said the city cou ld u se more p olice officers bu t he sy mp athizes with 
City Mgr. Tom Hu ebner’s p roblems. 
He ex p lained Hu ebner has only ,so many dollars to sp end on so many p rojects while stav ing within his bu d- 

■ 
He said the manager su ggested to him he p u t more officers now on desk jobs or at headq u arters into the field. 
Peters said he p robalily w ill be hiring civ ilians at less p ay to do sojne jobs now being p erformed by officers. 
A oO S TIN H O NETO 
. forces crush up rising 
Ang o la units crush co up by ex trem ists 

JOHANNESBURG, Sou th Africa (AP) — Angola’s 
Marx i.st President Agosthino Neto annou nced Friday that his forces had cru shed a rev olt by army ex ­ tremists after street fighting that killed many men and women. 
In a radio address moriitort*d here. Neto gav e no details of the fighting bu t said “ drastic measu res’’ wou ld be taken to p rev ent fu rther disorders in his central African cou ntry . 
Neto identified the cou p lea<lers as former Interior 
Minister Nilo Alv es and former p iditical commissar 
Jo.se Van Du nem, jailed since last Satu rday when they were p u rged from the ru ling Pop u lar Front for the Liberation of Angola — MPLA. 
Western observ iTs say tlu > two are p ro-Moscow hardliners (» p p itsed to Nelo’s p lans for attracting 
Western inv estments and redu cing dep i'iidence on the Sov iet bloc. 
Neto said the rebels had “ m isinterp reted” his ideology and that those resp onsible for the rev olt wou ld lie p u nished “ with u tmost sev erity .” 
Alv es po ssible v ictim 
In Portu gal, the national news agency ANOP retiorted Alv es may hav e been killed in the fighting and said official Angolan sp okesmen wou ld neither confirm nor deny ru mors he was dead. 
There was no indication whether Neto’s Sov iet adv isers or the 1o,oo(1-15,(1oo i’u ban troop s stationed in the former Portu gu ese colony p lay ed any p art in the day ’s ev ents. The Cu bans remained in Angola after help ing the MPLA defeat two p ro-Western grou p s in the 1975 Angolan civ il war. 
A corresp ondent for the Yu goslav news agency 
Tanju g q u oted a Cu ban soldier checking identifii-a- tion p ap ers as say ing “ the reaction has been ov er­ come, what else.” 
The Sov iet news agency Tass rep orted the u p ris­ ing was staged by forces of “ imp erialism and in­ ternal reaction” 
Before Neto’s sfieech, loy alist forces broadcasting on ftadio Lu anda said the rebeks had seized the radio station and attemp ted to storm the p residential p alace, arm y headq u arters and the city p rison before being “ totally cru shed.” 
“ Forces faithfu l to Comrade President Agostinho 
Neto again control ou r station,” a loy alist annou iu er said. “ We are again on the air. Long liv e Comrade 
Agostinho Neto.” 
When the dissidents controlled the station, an annou ncer said the radio was u nder the control of 
“ MPlJV militants” who had “ ended the march ou r cou ntry was taking to the p recip ice.” 
Sho o ting , ex plo sio ns hea rd 
Tanju g .said shooting and ex p losions were lu *ard iti the cap ital from 3 a.m. to 8 :3o a.m. local tiinc. Radio 
Lu anda, then in the hands of the rebels, broadcast a call for a mass demoritralion in front of the p re­ sidential p alace. 
The Tanju g corresp ondent said tru ckloads of An­ golan soldiers were ru shed to the p alace and other gov ernment bu ildings. Radio Lu anda went off the air for abou t an hou r, then resu med broadcasting arou nd noon u nder gov ernment control. 
The u p rising confirmed rep orts of factional strife within the MPLA and the arm y , with dissidents op p osing what they see as Neto’s moderate p olicies. 
They inclu de his rep orted p lan to order the gradu al withdraw al of the 
Cu ban sold ie rs. 
Pla nta tio n 
Ro cker 

Our pla nliilion roc k e r c ome s i Irom a long Im e of Oont porc s roc k e rs Solid oa k with a na lura l or da rk oa k Imts h. e v e ry bit ot it i$ tunc tiona l a nd c onitorta ble The s e a l a nd ba c k a re ha nd wov e n c a ns . Produc e d m its origina l la c tory tha t da te s from 1 9 26 it is one ot the fine s t ol its k ind 
M a s te r C ha rge B a nk Am e ric a rd or re v olv ing c ha rge pla n sto reho use 

S547 San Ped ro at the corner of Jackson Keller lin Village Plata) tel 341-228 1 

San Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— Saturday Moy 28 1977 
SINGLAUB 
Continued from Page lA obvious feeling among some Pentagon leaders that Singlaub could have ex­ pressed himself more circumspectly. 
Singlaub was sacked after the Wa­ shington Post quoted him as saying the withdrawal of U.S. ground troops on the schedule laid out by Carter “ will lead to war.” 
Announcement of Singlaub’s new job was expected Thursday, but apparent­ ly was held up while Defense Secretary 
Harold Brown discussed the matter with Gen. Bernard W. Rogers, Army chief of staff. 
Some sources believe that Carter’s statement that Singlaub would get a job of equal responsibility and stature made it virtually impossible to give the general a lower grade assignment. 
Rogers said that Singlaub, who has returned to Korea to take care of some personal matters, will move into the 
Forces Command slot on .June 27. The 
Forces Command Headquarters is at 
Fort McPherson, Atlanta. 
Singlaub will be filling a vacancy created by the promotion of Maj. Gen. 
John Q. Henion, now Forces Command chief of staff, to three stars and to command of the 9th Corps in Japan. 

SETTLEMENT 

M A J . G E N . J O H N S IN G L A U B 
. . . b ig job 

Continued from Page lA 

 must approve the settlement before it can become effective. 
Meanwhile. LCRA is proceeding on tw(t tracks, Gen. Mgr. Charit« Herring said. suit by Lt'KA against Coastal was overturni'd recently by the Texas 
Supreme Court. 
Motion 
Heri'ing said a motion for a rehear­ ing, supported by San Antonio and the attorney general, has been filed. 
While awaiting a ruling on that mo­ tion, Herring said he plans to call 
CCRA customers together within two weeks to discuss options. LCRA is an 
(‘ksLtrical wholesaler. 
When the Supreme Court ruled against LCRA it also said the Te.xas 
Railroad Commission should set a permanent rate which Lo-Vaca can charge its customers. The RRC has set hearings for mid-July. 
Tom Berg, San Antonio City Public 
Service board chairman who attended 
Friday’s meeting, said those hearings could prove the most crucial. The 

RRC, he said, has never fully exercised its authority. 
But the RRC has been assuming when it set a permanent rate for Lo- 
Vaca. which operates under a tempor­ ary one set in 1973, customers would have agreed to something. 
If it holds hearimgs and sets a rate without a settlement agreement an 

Continued from Page lA 

 to make up its requested budget last fall. 
While floor fights are expected over issues like the “ double-dippers,” and over some attempts to cut spending further, the subcommittee’s recom­ mendations in recent years have basi­ cally set the level of defense spending, and have not been substantially 
- such as a $12o million reduction in the Army’s $54o.3 million request for 
MHO A3 tanks, based on a production 

 entire new set of circumstances come into play, one official noted later. This is because the RRC can’t settle the lawsuits. 
A plus that came out of the meeting for Mayor Cockrell is Councilman Joe 
Webb is now “ leaning toward settle­ ment.” He attended the session with the mayor and Berg. 
He supported a council move lasi 
DEFENSE line lag — but in various added appro­ priations the panel supported. 
They included an extra $71.5 million to keep open a LTV production line for 
A7F attack bombers. 
The Dallas aircraft plant has sought continuation in hopes of getting foreign sales, and Pakistan has expressed in­ terest in acquiring the planes. A simi­ lar purpose has seen behind a $26 mil­ lion add-on for development of a new engine for Grumman’s F14 Navy fighter. 
Reflecting Army desires, the com- 

WOLFE NURSERIES CLOSING OUT GROWING 
GROUNDS BUY SHRUBS AT CLOSE OUT PRICES 
OPEN DAILY: 9 a.m. to 6 p.m. MONDAY THRU SATURDAY - SUNDAY 1o a.m. to 6 p.m. 

USUAL $2.69 
JAPANESE 
BOXWOOD 

$ 1 2 o 

Dw arf hedge ... 8 to 1 2 " tall, bushy 
... easy to grow. 
N O W 

USUAL $2.69 
BUFORDI HOLLY 

Dark gr««n ... beoutiful leaf, 
12 to 15' toll, bushy ... growing in 
I got ton 
N O W 97 

USUAL $1.99 DWARF 
YOUPON HOLLY 
Oomty smoil grttn l«g ^ d**orf tightly branthtd growth habit 
97 
N O W 

REG. $1.99 
LIGUSTRUM 
Wk hedge PLANTS 
A broad leaf... dark green foliage ... the hordiest shrub, growing in I got con... o very i H 
^ fast growing. 
^ 
■ 
W # 
N O W 
1 

C A L IF O R N IA 
ROSE BUSHES 

 higher quality at any 
C H O O S E FF 

WHITE: 
Blanche Mallerin frou Karl Druschki 
Virgo 
YELLOW. 
Buccaneer 
Eclipse 
Lowell Thomas 
TWO-TONE: 
Condeso De Sastago 
Pres. Hoover 
RED: 
Charlotte Armstrong 

 oranteed. Double your 
' price. m - 

 money back if you can buy 

Crimson Glory 
ORftNGl: 
Carrousel 
Mojave 
Mirandy 
Montezuma 
Nocturne 
LAViNDER: 
PINK: 
Sterling Silver 
Helen Träubel 
CLIMBERS; 
Tiffany 
Cl. Charlotte Armstrong-red 
First Lowe 
Cl. White Dawn 
LOW GROWING: 
Cl. Chrysler Imperial 
Circus-Two-tone 
Cl. Aloha-pink 
Cholter-red 
Cl. Golden Shower-yellow 
Floradorared 
Iceberg-white 
Cl. Peace-Two-tone 

»2.19. 3§»6.5o 6?»12.5o 
M I X OR MATCH 

PLANT BEAUTIFUL 
COLOR 

• • d d t n g P la n ts 

W e h o v e m > IM 
W u A . lo a d s o f b a o u t ifu i b a d d in g p la n t s fo r y o u r s h o p p in s p to o su ro . C h o o s o fre m s 

 m m m 
• c m »u t»n • m t mis • 
U lO SU - C ssnieb • COUttS - AH c stm • 
MAN1HUS - Keks • OUStY MAIER • 
HOUYHOCK • lO KU A • MAMSOIOS . YsNsw 
A •Hisis • M L KTIINIAS - Grm AiRw st • 
RsH A M is • M L Pn U W A S. MnMHeet • AH 
(olacs • m u » • M iisH • PM TUUCA • (Mett 
Rw s) • Mis • SALVIA - M s • V H U H A S - 
Hsdt • V M U (Pw ioM h ln) Mis • ZWMAS - 

 rM .7 5 

BFAUTIFUl PLANTS 
TO MAKE YOUR OWN 
HANGING BASKETS 
*niK«y A Sprrn|«i fstn, fhimtia frrn, »elwi 
Wo«»! SpKtt WoBh, Im tSin. VorisfotrV fant#««, 
AIism. Gittn Jta, Pufyl« Strpsd Jnt. Mmm tots 
J*« { M v L Whilr Stripse J»w, l««nW Hm. Lady iM t Jaw, M ating Haort, DaHsf Naan and Polka 
Oat phati 

 i Z i 6 9 V 3 ? ^ 2 . o o 

LOOK AT THESE CLOSE OUT BELOW 
U SU A L W H O LESA LE CO ST 
Al l grow i ng i n 1 gal . cant. 

REG. $1.99 PYRAUNTHA Full bloom. . . . . . . . NOW * 1 . o o 

REG. $1.99 UROPE Dork green border gross .... NOW 
95* 

REG. $2.99 PHOTINA RED TOP Ideal for color . NOW * 1 . 2 5 

REG. $2.99 CIEYRA JAPONICA 
The most attractive shrub, odd color...... — 
. NOW *1 . 3 5 

REG. $2.99 JAPANESE BUCK PINE 
These ore ideol for rock gardens and plonters... NOW *1 «3 5 
MAGNOLIA 
SHADE TREES 

 btors lorge large tcof evergreen 

 white flowers... 

 growing 

 gallon 

 in 
I *1.49- 

FLANT A VEGETABLE 
GARDEN 
Tomotoes, Peopen and ethen such os 
Egg Plont, Okra, Contaioupe, Water­ melon, Cucumber, Squosh, Iroccoii, 
Sweet Corn, Irussel Sprouts, Cobboge, 
Colkirds, end Celery ... each a large plant Individuoily potted. l2 '/ j‘ ao. 
2ot‘ 1.99 
LARGE SPECIMEN SHRUBS 
LANDSCAPERS LOOK AT THESE 
Al l grow i ng in 3 & 5 gal l on cons. 

REG. $7.99 - BUFORDI HOLLY, 
Extra bushy, IB " fa ll 
....................mow 

REG. $7.99 - WAXLEAF, 18" to 24 " to ll... roal beoutws ......................... NOW 

REG. $7.99 
HOLLY ..... 
DWARF CHINESE 

NOW 

REG. $7.99 . DWARF YOUPON 
HOLLY.................... 
NOW 

REG. $7.99 
Extra Ian 
RED TOP PHOTINA... colorful........... 
NOW 

»4.5o 
»4.25 
»4.25 
»4.25 
»4.75 
HOW IS THE TIfWE TO 
P i A N T A LAW N 
CARPET GRASS 
St. Augustine...Stote Inspected, large 384 sq. inch piece. 

43 * piece 
1 o 
» 4.2 5 
CARPET GRASS SEED 
.............. lb. ‘2.9 8 
BERMUDA GRASS SEED 
REG. $2.99 lb... SIbs for * 1 4. 5o 
FLORATAM GRASS 
Discsse fcmtanct, 384 sq m Mch pwct o 9 

DWARF HiDGE PUNTS 
ThoM ore beeuMtui 
Out they go 
... Ow le u 
Yewr p iiii... growing in 1 gel. «int. 

R E G . $1 .9 9 
DWARF CHINESE HOLLY 
These are bcouties ... hos attractive leof 
J f opprox. 12' toll. NOW l a X 2 

R E G . $2 .6 9 

DWARF BURFORDi 

Very aftroctive, dork f reen leaves ... approx. t 
2 'toll 
---- 
TiS'iM.25 

PLANT COLOR NOW! 

COPPER PLANTS... 694 6o. 31*2.oo 

LARGER, Growing in 1 gallon can . . 
* 1 . 4 9 

CAUOtUM PLANTS 
694 6 o . 3s*2.oo 

MUCH LARGER, growing in o 6 " pot 
* 1 , 4 9 

IMPATIENCE 
Blooms oil the time 

6 plonts to troy I »49 

LARGER, Growing in 1 gallon cans 
.49 

Over 1,ooo to choose from............. 
294 

MUCH LARGER, growing in 4 " p ots 
894 

PORTULACA 
(Moss Rose) Mixed colors, ideal ground cover............. 

THOSE^ 
FLOWER BEDS 
POTTING SOIL 

25 lb. sock ........................ » 1 .8 9 
PLANTING SAND 

Approx. o bu. bog. 
» 1 .8 9 
T O P S O IL 
Ideol for plontmg (4o lb sock) » 1 .8 9 
CO W MANURE 
Guoronfeed weed free 
SO lb sock 
.................. 
» 1 .8 9 
SHEEP MANURE 

Well rooted SO lb sock 
» 1 .8 9 

MIX OR MATCH 

5 for *9»oo 

FERTILIZf THAT 
LAWN NOW! 
Your yard needs food now ... feed it only the best. 
GREEN GRO LAWN FOOD 
12-6-6 with Iron, 5o lb, bog. 
»6.95 sack 3 for *2o.oo 
GREEN GRO UW N FOOD 
With insecticide, feeds and kills insects at the some time 
»7.95 sack 3 for »22.5o 

VITAL 7 WEED i FEED 
Kills weeds and feeds at tm a a the same time, 5o lb. sock 
o » V o 
PRfff USE Of SPfUMDtn 
ON TOUR PUKCHASg Of 
OPfiN GRO fiPTIUZm 
VIGORO FERTILIZER 
5olb.sock . . . ................. *5,98 
AMMONIUM SULPHATE^ 
SO lb sock........................» 4,9 8 
GREEN LIGHT GENERAL 
PURPOSE PLANT FOOD 
Ideol for garden, etc, 
25 lb, sock ........................ »5.59 
GREEN LIGHT ROSE FOOD 
The perfect food 1o lb. sock feeds 2o roses.................. *2.99 

WOLFE 
NURSERIES! 

1. 15o7 RUIZ 
7. 7oo7 SAN PEDRO AVE 
3. 37oo BRO A D W AY 
4. 6 71 4 
SO. FLpRES 

5. 1 134 PAT BOOKER RD. UNIVERSAL CITY 
6. S8 o2 PERRIN BEITEL RD. 

Charles B. W right, na­ tional president of the 
N ational Pan Hellenic 
Council, will guest speaker to the organi­ zation’s San Antonio chapter at 7:3o p.m. 
Saturday at the Officers 
Club at Brooks AFB. 
Wright, who heads the 
6oo,ooo council, is also national first vice presi­ dent of Phi Beta Sigma fraternity. 
Panama 
Canal accord 

Abortion bill falls to committee vote 

 nearer 

WASHINGTON (A P) 
— The United States and 
Panama may be near a breakthrough in their negotiations for a new 
Canal Zone treaty, an in­ formed U.S. source said 
Friday. 
Cooperation between the two sides has been remarkably good and the progress gratifying dur­ ing the current round of negotiations, the longest 
.since the talks began 13 years ago, the informant said. 
The source, who requested anonymity, said that none of the major problems dividing the two sides have been resolved but added that the spirit of the talks seems to augur well for the future. 

Resumed 

The talks resumed here on May 9 after a 
2Vz-inonth recess. They almost broke down at one point as neither side seemed willing to back down from its previous positions, the informant said. 
But both countries have shown a new flex­ ibility since then, and the source said they soon will be prepared to discuss the question of economic benefits for Panama. 
This is regarded as a major step forward since 
Panama has always in­ sisted that this issue be dealt with last. Panama has been receiving some 
$2 million annually and both countries agree that 
Panama is entitled to a much higher figure in the new treaty. 
Another stumbling block has been agreement on a formula which would assure, without infringing on 
Panamanian sovereign­ ty, the canal’s neutrality once Panama assumes control of the waterway. 

Control 

The talks are aimed at giving 
Panama a gradually increasing role in the operation and defen.se of the canal for a specified period and full operational control even­ tually — perhaps by the year 2ooo. 
A new treaty is given virtually no chance of 
Senate ratification unless 
Panama agrees to run the canal in a non-dis* criminatory manner, guaranteeing access to all natiuas 

AUSTIN 
(AP) - A bill to regulate abortions in Texas has met its apparent death in a 
Senate committee after spon­ sors failed to get enough votes to send it to the Senate floor. 
The bill, which would outlaw abortions in Texas after the 
22nd week of pregnancy unless the procedure was necessary to stop the serious injury or death of the mother, was approved 5-4 by the Senate Jurisprudence 
Committee, two votes shy of the seven needed. 
Four members of the com­ mittee were absent. 
Chairman A, R. Schwartz. 
D-Galveston, who voted against the measure, said the commit­ tee would not meet again before the legislature’s dead­ line midnight Monday, which seals the bill’s fate. 
“ I gave them the vote,” said 
S diwartz. “ I gave them the time to get their votes here and their votes were not here. I can’t do anything about that.” 
The proposal, authored by 
Rep. Tim Von Dohlen, D- 
Goliad, passed the House 1oo-34 on May 15 after a lengthy, emotional debate. 
Atty. Gen. John Hill ruled 
Thursday that four provisions 
2 bills helpful to 
S, A, pass 

E X P R ESS C A P IT O l BU REAU 
.AUSTIN 
Two pieces 
‘of legislation that will help uplift San Antonio’s appearances and mass transit system passed the 
Senate and were sent to the governor Friday. 
HB2o28 by Rep. Matt 
García of San Antonio will authorize the city to collect taxes from certain sections inside urban renewal projects upon the request of the pro­ perty owners. 
The tax collections would be used to make further improvements to the property. 
Garcia’s bill was spon­ sored in the Senate by 
Sen. John Traeger of Se- guin. 
HB657, sponsored in the House by Rep. Bill 
Blythe of Houston, af­ fects Harris and Bexar 
Counties. 
It will allow the cities of Houston and San An­ tonio the option of utilizing their sales tax rebates from the state for the maintenance and operation of mass transit systems. 

 in the bill are possibly uncon­ stitutional when weighed against U.S. Supreme Court decisions on the subject. 
“ The amendments that we will present will place the bill in a position where there can be no question of constitutionali­ ty,” Von Dohlen told the com­ mittee. 
In an opinion, Hill objected to the bill’s definition of “ viabili­ ty,” the time when the unborn fetus might survive outside the womb, as being the 22nd week of pregnancy. 
Hill said the Supreme Court ruled in 1976 that a legislature or the courts could not make such a medical decision and would probably not permit the definition of viability contained in the bill. 
A related provision that requires physicians to attempt to preserve the life of a fetus after 22 weeks is also unconsti­ tutional, Hill said, since it also stems from a legislative defin­ ition of viability. 
Hill also said the high court would object to provisions prohibiting saline abortions and requiring a positive preg­ nancy test be required before an abortion can be performed. 

 week to take the issue back to court. It was one vote short of succeeding and is on the table. 

Webb said he wanted assurances 
Lo-Vaca will relocate its headquarters to San Antonio as part of the settle­ ment. Lo-Vaca has said it would and 
Webb apparently was reassured Fri­ day. 

 mittee also added $65 million to deve­ lop a non-nuclear version of the battlefield Lance missile, which the 
Defense Department has contended was unnecessary. 
The addition, if enacted into law, would keep another LTV production line open. It may also make foreign sales possible, for Israel has expressed interest in such a missile. 
The panel also substituted its own judgment for the reserves, and $44 million for additional Naval reserve strentgth. 
The bill’s total of $6.8 billion over the amount appropriated for the current fiscal year adopts all major weapons requests, includes the controversial 
B-1 bomber, on which Carter is ex­ pected to make a decision on whether to go ahead on full production next month, and 18 new ships — a nuclear powered cruiser, two Trident submar­ ines and one additional SSN688 attack submarine of the type Carter sailed on 
Friday off Florida. 
The subcommittee also included 
$193.8 million in long lead time funding for a nuclear powered cruiser. 

Cuts 

Cuts totaling $391 million in various requests by the intelligence communi­ ty were recommended, but Mahon said most of those reductions involved new equipment, not operations. 
The subcommittee also called for a one-year moratorium on additional contracting out of services by the De­ fense Department. The American Fe­ deration of Government Employees has been very critical of this practice, which it contends costs union members jobs in base maintenance, mess hall operations, computer work and other areas. 
HUD raises 
FHA rates 

WASHINGTON (A P) - The max­ imum allowable interest rate for 
Federal Housing Administration-in­ sured single-family mortgage loans will rise from 8 per cent to 8.5 per cent next Tuesday, the Department of 
Housing and Urban Development an­ nounced Friday. 
Three for $169. 

 mm 

Wall units priced unbelievably right. Complete three unit group as shown is $169. Each reedy to assemble unit It 12" deep, 3o" wide, 72" high, and may be purchased separately. 
Sixteen inch depth, extra shelves, and another model offered at slightly higher prices. 
Vinyl clad finishes are white, walnut, light or dark butcher block. Finished natural elm veneer wood units are also available. Each unit comes unassembled in a box, ready for you to pick up and put together. Master Charge, BankAmericard, or revolving charge plan. storeh ou se 

6547 San Pedro at the corner of Jackson Keller (in Village Plaza) tel. 341 -2261. 

1/5 ct. .. 
........Now $ 97 

1 /4 ct... 
........Now $1 1 9 

 l/ 3 c t... ........Now $1 4 5 l/ 2 c t... ........Now $297 
3/4 ct. .. 
........Now $4 7 9 

1 ct..................Now $95 9 

1 3cf 
$I4S 
3 Set 
$169 
'i. 
1/14 cl. . ........ NOW $ 6 9 

1/2 ct 
$199 
1/4 ct. .. 
........NOW $1 7 9 

2/3 ct 
$299 
1/2ft. .. ........ NOW $239 

3/5 cl 
$359 
I cl........ ........ NOW $35 9 

! ct 
14/9 
, 2 ft........ ........ NOW $6 99 

Now $1 7 9 

Now $2 3 9 

Now $3 59 

Now $6 9 9 

RUBIES OR SAPPHIRES 
WITH DIAMONDS 
Your Choice 
‘1 5 9 

V 
V 
• u i % 
♦ V 
V s -I# 
V 
" , 
U f , 

Memorial Day - _ s B V -* W 4 i> ¿ 
1 _ 

5-PIICI ÜPHo1STIRID SIT 

Fresh Colors o. d eosy-to-live with styling. Cushions on the seating group ore filled with thick, soft, polyfoam and covered with decorator correlated fabrics and vinyls. Reversible cushions. 
Non-marring nylon glides on all pieces. 
FRAMES: ANTIQUE OLYMPIAN; LIME GREEN; OYSTER WHITE; LEM ON 
YELLOW . CHOICE O F M A N Y CUSHIONS. Reg. $44o 
The Potio Shops Price - 39 9 .o< y 

42” DIAMETER 
TABLE & CHAIRS 

With that extra safety feature of tempered glass... 

• LIME • OYSTER • YELLOW 

• ANTIQUE OLYMPIAN 

Reg. $224 The Patio Shops Price 
‘ 199. 

Memorial Holiday Special 
Salterini 
SPRING CHAIR 

2 chairs for $9 9 .oo 

Reg. $1 2o.oo each 

 cash & carry 

 only 
^PATID SHOP 
1o47 N.E. LOOP 41o 

(Between Broadwoy & Nacogdoches) 

• 8 28 -28 o7 

C arter’s plans fo r co al use 

Son A ntonio EXPRESS-NEW S— S o to rd a y M o y 2 8 l 9 7 7 
P o g e T l-A 

 called V ag u e’ 

WASHINGTON (A P) 
— P resid en t (’a r te r ’s p lans for increased use of coal w ere attacked 
Friday as vague, a threat to clean air, and lacking in facts and figures to show how and where they can be imp lemented. 
Rep . Toby Moffett, D- 
Conn., told 
F ed eral 
Energy A d m in istrato r 
John F. O’Leary and En­ vironm ental Protection 
Agency head Douglas M. 
Costle that “we’re try ing to bend over backward, but it’s becom ing ex ­ tremely difficult.” 
Moffett and Chairman 
John Dingell, D-Mich., of the House E nergy and 
Pow er subco m m ittee, said EPA was accep ting the p lan without p resent­ ing data show ing how and where utilities and in d ustrial p lan ts in sp ecific regions could be converted to coal fr(mi clcancrburning oil and gas without causing air quality to deteriorate. 
Studies 
Costle said each area would have to be studied as the p lan p rogresses. 
But Moffett resp onded, 
“I’m not sure it’s wise to make p olicy and d eter­ mine the feasibility af­ terwards.” 
Rep . Dave Stockm an, 
R-Mich., outlined several ex amp les of sm all com ­ p anies in his d is tric t where d ifferen t fuels were used in comp lex in­ dustrial p rocesses, say ­ ing “ I would hate to vote for any thing that would give y ou p ower to inter­ vene.” 

To Stockman. O’Leary said that the comp lex ity of the issue required that the adm inistration have as much latitude as p os­ sible, and that “ we have no intention of disturbing things badly ." 

Hig h co sts 

Rep . Philip R Sharp . 
D-lnd., said if W ashing­ ton requires utilities to convert th e ir steam p lants to coal they would simp ly p ass on ex tremely high costs to consumers. 
O’L eary said “ th a t concern is a legitim ate o n e,” but he ex p ected 
/state regulatory agencies to hold the line on rate increases. 
Rep . Tim W irth, D- 
Colo., said it may be im ­ p ossible to increase coal use if the House decision 
T hursday to relax c a r ex haust standards is sus­ tained in the Senate. 

Wasting time 

“We might be wasting tim e talking about this altogether,” said W irth, adding that C arter may have to veto w eak c a r ex haust sta n d a rd s to m ake environm ental room for increased coal combustion. 
Costle said he was dis­ ap p ointed with the House vote and would work up inform ation on the p o­ tential effect of the House action on urban air p ol­ lution. 
C arter’s coal p lan is intended to save some 3.3 million barrels of oil dai­ ly by 1985 in requiring 
Ma verick rea d y fo r o b scenity cha rg e 

Attorney Maury Maverick has not been contacted by the district attorney ’s office about an obscenity chargt' y et, but Maverick is ready should it hap p en. 
“ I wrote a letter and offered to take (Dist. Atty .) 
Bill White behind the Courthouse and really tell him 
.something nasty ,” Maverick said. 
He has been attacked by the Citizens for Decency through Law who object to his narration in a film shown at the W itte Museum. 
In the film. “ San Antonio Is . . . 
Maverick say s his father, who was may or during the 19311s, and 
Police Commissioner Louie Lip scomb were walking together one night when: 
“ He went down to the (San Antonio) river to urinat(‘ and fell over some trash and said, i,ouie. we’ve got to gel Franklin Roosevelt to do something about tins river.“ ' 
The objecting citizens rep ttrted the p assage U» 
White as obscene. 

OPEN MEMORIAL D A Y 9 A.M . 'TIL 6 P.M. 

THE SLEEP SH O P BRINGS YO U THIS 
MEMORIAL 
DAY 

SALE PRICES 
GOOD 
SATURDAY 
& M ONDAY 
AT ALL 
THREE 
STORES 

SK R fA PERFKCT SI MÊPÊR MATÏ Ï RÊM3 SK tS !M 
DI SeOMTtMUED COVERS 
M O W 

A T 

Æ 
A M O M O R E 

S O LD IN SETS O N L Y 

TW I N-FULL-QUEEN-KI NG 

BRASS 
KING OR 
KING OR 
HEADBOARDS 
OUEENSIZE 
OUEENSIZE 
AVAILABLE 
IN 
BEDSPREADS 
PILLOWS 

ALL 
ALSO 
2 
. « ‘ 6 
SIZES 
O N SALE 

FH KÊ S f r U P A M D FR EE D E LIV E R Y — A L L S A L E * F IN A L 
SLEEP SHOP 

• « 4 4 S A N PEDR O 
1714 S.W . M ILITARY 
3 9 S Ì fR ED BR M K SR U R G 

8 1 S -S 4 4 4 
9 1 2 .1 69 1 
73 6-S S 7S 

Senate panel dro ps request 

 increastMl coal use. Utili­ ties alone use 25 p er cent of the n atio n ’s daily 
17 -m illion-barrel con­ sum p tion. 

Woman found guilty of illegal law work 

A wo man no tary public was Jailed 
Friday after 1 68 th Dist, Judg e Peter 
Michael Curry fo und her g uilty o f practicing law witho ut a license. 

The fee she quo ted him was $4 58 and Ms. Alderete co llected $2 oo. the reco rd indicates. 

The San Anto nio Bar Assn. bro ug ht the suit ag ainst Gloria Alderete in co nnectio n with a fee she collected for pro mising to o btain imiiiig ra- lion papers fo r Jesus Uo racio (iau- cln. 

“ It’s (decisio n) kind o f Impo rtant for these peo ple who are being ripped o ff,” said Jimmy Alliso n, bar asso ciatio n spo kesman. 

Ill additio n to the Jail term. Ms. 
Alderete is required to pay a $2ott line. 

AUSTIN 
(AP) - 
The 
Senate 
J u r is ­ p rudence Committee has withdrawn its request for an attorney g e n e ra l’s op inion on the legality of the $4 million mortgage on the State B ar’s p osh new $6 m illion Law 
Center. 
Bar p resident Gibson 
G ay le, H ouston, told com m ittee chairm an A. 
R. “ Babe” Schwartz, D- 
G alveston, in a le tte r 
Monday that the $4 m il­ lion loan from the Amer­ ican N ational Bank of 
A ustin has been “ re ­ structured.” 
“ The new note p rovides that it does not constitute a debt of the 
Stale of Tex as; that it is not a general obligation of the Slate Bar of Tex as; that it is not a charge on 
State Bar dues income; and that it is rep ay able solely out of p ledges and co ntributions to and rents and revenues from the Tex as Law C enter,” 
Gay le said. 
“ In my op inion, the note now comp lies with op inion No. 34o (in 197 4) of Atty . Gen. John Hill, as was our original in-, tent,” he said. 
Gay le said the bar is p rep ared to launch a statew ide cam p aign to raise $2.5 million to p ay off the building, but the 
Senate co m m ittee’.s p ending request for an attorney general op inion will “ p lace a cloud over and an imp ediment up on our fund-raising efforts.“ 
Op inion No. 34o said the bar could finance the building through current dues and p rivate dona­ tions. but it sp ecifically noted that the bar p re­ sident, then 
Leroy 
Jeffers, had not asked if the bar could encum ber 
— mortgage — p rop erty . 

NORTHEAST 
6973 Son Pedro 
Ph. 3 44-4576G R I M M ’S î = i /ouj ^oi u p l ch gci vdcî i confer rf 

[OPEN 7 DAYS A WEEK 9:oo a.m. til 6:oo o.m.l 

GRIMM’ S MEMORIAL DAY WEEK-END SALE! MEMOlflAL^AY 

BIRD BATHS YOUR CHOICE 

 ueniATOM 
AVAHAME cnoH O 

G R O U N D C O V E R S A L E 
»12.98 

. / . « O U S H 
»12.98 
I Y T no 
ITOHIl 
^ 
° 
B / B B R O N Z E 
AJUGA 
J/P ASIATICA 
JASMINE 

SPECIAL 

SPECIAL 

SUM M IR A FALL COLOR 
4 " CALADIUM A BIOONIAS 
REG. 
As*ert«d Color* — Lusk Plants 
$1.98 MOW 

GERANIUM S 
R E G . $1 .9 8 

CORRER RLANTS 

HARDY INDOOR FOLIAGE PLANTS 
6 Inch P ot R e g . $6.9 8 D ra ce n a 
JANETTE GRAIG 
6 Inch P o t R e g . $6.9 8 D R A C E N A 
MARGINATA 
I 8 24 inch hiqh 
6 Inch P ot R e g . $6.9 8 D R A C E N A 
MASSAENGENA 
I G a llo n R eg . $5 .9 8 N EA TH E 
BELLA PALM 

15 18 liu h High 

18 24 Inch High 

INSTANT 
PRODUCING 
In 1 Gal. Contointrs 
ASPARAGUS 
ARTICHOKES 
HORSE RAOISH 
RHUBARB 
STRAWBERRIES 

ARALIA FALSA 
15 18 Inch High 

 fe r ti'io m e 

LAWN 

Rudy Sr. Says: 

Chelated iron will make your lawn greener! 

2 Got. tan *3o to 36 Hiqh 
CALIF. PRIVET 
Bushy & Full Hedge J 1 ] 7 
Rapid Grower 
I 

ONE GALLON 
HIBISCUS 
*1” 
Rtgulor $2.98 
SPECIAL GROUP 

2 GAL. CAN 
POMEGRANATE 

$| 4 7| 

HOKAIAM 

Isorittg Vorrtty. Btou fiful orano« blonms 
B U S H Y * FU LL 
GRASS 
Æ. 
SQ.YD. 
DICLINI RESISTANT 

An ideal basic lawn food 
BACCTO MICHiGANPW 

You ca n trust your law n to ferti-lom e... it works! 
MKHWflNPEflT, ilk juraaNuoitow olssus 

25 lb. ‘2.98 
5o lb. ‘3.98. 

RUDY JR. SAYS: ftRE YOUR PLANTS READY FOR 
, i .s i w 
SUMMER? 

 feni lome 

IRMI 
RIM K M 

APPLICATOR 
INCLUDED 
You can trust ferti-lome i t works! 

 nea utifni ñnnt.'i 

I H»' I'riuluti“ 

•ur NOW 
‘'¡IÍ Í Í mI 
MICCTO m n i M m 

 yiCK 
V ferti'lo me 

 c o m i P L À W i 

Covtrs 5,ooo sq. ft. 
2oibs.*9» 

$ K 9 Z 
-------- 
H# lA^ 

Grow ym r mm ««H»# mis» in nr nirtilaiir 
I ritat tofti Wfli8)| 
Nue UL 

¿(aMlaM f«r bi «r coeiNx lMts. 

I” HANGING lAIKET l«outitwl • tri , 
(Olor lt d 
J*«r 
Shod« or 
Stmi-tuti Ush 
UMIT * 
« •S.I9.9Í $ % 9 7 w/coup ON sm 

Rudy Sr. Says; 

 ferti-lome 

WEED 
KILLER pKiS tawn tertiiizer 

Ì Systemic 

 ferti-lome |[t g c t i o n QOeS 

SYSTEMIC 

Klua 

COPPER PUNTS 

I d l . IS i r for Hot Dry 
Sunny A ltos, l t d , I r o n u 
FdioM. 
UMrr » 
B*i. 11.98 $« 4 7 iPON 
I fSouPoB! 

J A D i PLANTS 
3 64. 1124" latro M«o»y 
Chwortomlk ton# ond foH- 
OM In Of o vt door p kn lv lo f. $19.98 
$ M 
7 

W a ,d 'am ond raapi 

C ito yo u r krw n 
o h oolfhy fooding ond control w o td t at tlio sam o tim o . 
A P P LY N O W ili 

*4.98 
*1o.98 
Trust your lawn to ferthlome...it works! 

 nssT 
PEAT M OSS 
Ix calitnr p ionfiny mixtur« ior rati A fontointri 

W /C O U PO N 
U 
# 
MMiy 4 
C O U P O N . 

BOSTON FERN 
4 fxcellenr m o1 owtdoot 
F«fn fot honging boiticfr roniomtts and 
Ctound 
(o¥«l iiiaif « 

Sa n Antonio EXPRESS-NEVtfS-r-Soturda y Ma y 28 19 77 
^Fie sta N o ch e ’ is n e a r 

THE COMPLETE 
AMUSEMENT PARK. 

 m 
K i 

$1.2$ 
ROAJNTK, 
3:oo r.M. iVflYDAY 

PARK E t H A U OAV 
A C RO SS S T M ÍT 
S A T /S U N 
W W CD AV S 
APTR S.MP.M 
A lA M O R A N K O A R A O i 

 w-y m 
*T MARTr 

$ 1.25 m i 2:oo P.M. 
"S H A N G H A I" 12:3O -3:45-7:oG -lO :1O 
"M ASTER" 11:oo-2:15-5:3o-8 :4 5 

TNEM OST 

5 S S Ï P m 
A D V E H T U R E iUHiB FCI EV E R 

/V U N G F U 
M A S T E R 
BRUCE lEESTYlE^ 

NO BAU M AT OR PASSES 
■ HOORa ' 11:oo.2:15.5 3oi:4S 
■'« OSniUTi I2:3o3;45-7:oolo:lo 
“FOR > LOUSY TWENTY-FIVE OWNS 
SOME PEOPLE THINK THEY CM 
DO MYTHIHOI" 
CRVk r 
PROSinUTE 

JOSEPH p»8sr« 

A 
N 
D 
T H 
E 

H C K M C E R S 

T h o - c o lo r fu l F i e s t a 
Noche del Rio opem? F ri­ day at the Arneson River 
Theater for its 2oth sum­ mer sea.son. 
Singer Rosita Fernan­ dez, who has performed in the show every yi'ar since its beginning, viill again get star billing. 
.Joining her will he vo­ calist Manuel Micr. 
The teiiin of Magda and 
Roberto will headline the troupe of dancers who 

R i o R a m b l i n g s 

 perform the dances of 
Spain and Mexico. 
Tickets are priced at $3 for adults and $1.5o for children. 
C’hildred under 6 are admitted free. Tickets are ava ilab le at all 
.loske’s and the Arneson 
Theater box office at 7 p.m. 

Q b c ) i n t e r s t a t e 

 i 
WONDER 2 

2:oo 

3:55 

5-.5o 

7:5o 

9:45 

Pota r Seilers t fioptnê^' 

“W here Does 

N H u r tr 
• pV^^w»4plionforlaiioM«^ =c.j|y 

OM OOCTOWI 
TH!9 IS 
THE pmsT 
TIME i Vi 
IVES 
OtSWOSEO 
AMO If 
COST 
M i 
MONEvr 

^ i n I* r 

 iANp«j{*y a: »>•> 

1:45 4:2o 6:55 9:4o 

WAUnmte mii _ »mrmt 

1:45 4:25 7:o5 9 :45 

V. 
N E W U 
U 
R 
E 
L 
) ! ^ 
^ a y o SAN PtPWO . 7 36 ^551 
J 

 llGWtîtt «AllNGl 

14th 
SMASH 
WEEK! 
#1 Hit 
MOVIE 
#IHIT 
SOUND 
TRACK! 

ACADEMY AWARD WINNER 
B E S D H C rU R E 
— Ml wn n .w ,» (iio < tO T C m m w r 
BEST 
DIRECTOR 
B ESTR LM 
EOmNG 

 fepi 

 r . J K 
“ B L A C K 
¡ i 

._j ^ B ^ toSw Íi kow. .. 
S U N D A Y ” 

1;4o-3!4o^ 
S:4o-7 :4o| 
9 :4o 
I 

WOODY 
I 
ALLEN 
$ 

D O N ’ T M I S S I 

IE 
T H I S O N E 

"CAIAUEIOS" 12:15-2:4o-5:254:oo 
“NEVEI" 1:15-34o4:25-9:oo 
BRING THE FAMILY! l% ie having sucha wgo^lciiine. 

 it's e ts hame to c all the polic e ' 
O K K V /W m E 

W A iriH S N e ir 

N E V IE R A D Ü LL 

M O M E N r 

DONALO DUCK iOSECAfimCA amiPANCHiTO 
Ttc hnic ohr* 

WALT DISNEY'S 
Ì» ltllÌBO 

C w i e r a s 

1 ;oo.3t4S-4s3o.6:1 S>Stoo-9too 

TNI MOST 
BtZARRI CRIMI 
J IN N IS T O E f... 
$ AifST i SELUNG 
I NOVEL... 
I 
NOW 
A M O V K . 
^ 

THE SCREENS 
MOSTCHIIUNG 
EXFEUENCEi rue 
_ 
H e ife r 'S h e l te r 
MUKDtRS 

THE WORLD 1oM IUION 
YEARS IN THE FUTURE... 

TECHNOLOGY OUTLAWED 

RULED BY 
2 WIZARDS, USING 
2 MAGIC. 
I 
IN 
I 
WONDROUS 
I 
COLOR 

I 

 i 
’jTHC.1 STL AY POH rAl3.fNrN i A RAI.PH BAKSHl FILM 
I iiygAms 

Shows w ill run Tues­ day, Friday and Saturday through August, Show­ time 8:3o p.m. 
★ ★ 4 
Two apartm ent pro­ jects ha\c been an­ nounced for the Paseo del 
Rio, as reported by the 
Centro 21 Task F"orcc. 
Both the Casino Build­ ing and the J’aseo del Rio 
Hotel are due to have 

 their upper floors con- 
\erted into downtown 
Iivine soace. 
River and street levels in the buildings arc being reser\ed for commercial uses. Plans for the Paseo del Rio Hotel will proba­ bly include a restaurant at river level, according to the owners. 
The projects w ill provide increased activi­ ty in the already highly developed block between 
Commerce and Crockett 
Streets. 

>»»> St4o»»i:»o 

PAUL NEWMAN 
“ SLAP SHOT” 
Iílo 4 á o 5i3o- 
7454:5o 

W M E IN f lllllA N • R O B i m B I C I i r O I I O 
RO iiarrsiu w ir 
AGfOOGA 9GVÍ4UHM 
Tttf »TIfVG 
12:3o>aiSo.$:oo 
7 :2o.9:4o 

GENE W ILDER • RICHARD PR IO R 
“ S IL V E R S T R E A K ” 
1:5o.3:So.S:So>7 :So.9:5o 

T m m .-M . 7 i3 S - « i i e i M - f w k - M M . l i 1 S - 3 <SO 
4 i M . 4 K » - 7 i » S - 1 o» oo 

: Cillaiihan 
: 
Tvnn 
«74-1*71 
«S4-3«*« 

C o x ifo tx n d in ^ l 
Sherlock Holmes meets Sigmund Freud 

 f ro«M the «{ fie*i 
THESEVEIHHER-CENT SOLUTION 
A liNIVtKhAL KtLLASl TICHNICOLOR* !pj^ 4» fiMM.-frl. 7rOO-4iOO l.*.i.7.* 

FLACO J IMENEZ, left, performs prior to his Sunda y pa ra ­ chute jump. 

C o n ju n t o m u s ic ia n s 

 w i l l j u m p f r o m s k y 

Accordion-playing con- junlo musicians will be literally raining'*out of the sky Sunday. 
Flaco Jim e n ez and 
Mingo Saldivar, two of 
San Antonio’s leading conjunto musicians, are m aking a parachute jump to call attention to their 
Memorial 
Day 
Weekend performances. 
“ The jump will take about three minutes if the chutes open and if they don’t it will be a lot quicker,’’ Saldivar said 
Friday. 
The musicians hope to land in a field across the street from the Rockin’ 
M Club oo Hwy. 
183 between Lockhart and 
Austin. 
“ W e’re doing it to pro­ mote ourselves and our performances this week­ end.’’ Saldivar said. 
Jimenez, Saldivar and 
Augie M eyre w ill per­ form from 7 p.m. to 2 a.m . Satu rd ay at the 
Farm er’s Market. Tick­ ets are $4. 
Then if everything goes as planned, Saldivar will play at the Los Intimos 

'Sniokey’ due on holida y 

SPEC IA L T O THE E X P R E SS 
H O LLY W O O D 
- 
“ Smokey and the Ban­ dit” will be released at 
6(K) theaters on Memorial 
Day. 

Club in San Antonio Sun­ day and Jim enez w ill play at the W estern 
Palms 
Club in 
New 
Braunfels. 
To be sure the jump comes off accident free, 
Saldivar said, he and J i ­ menez have taken a basic 

 skydiving course. 
Saldivar has also had experience as an Army paratrooper during the 
195(is. However, this will be Jimenez’ first jump. 
The duo plans to make the jump at 12:3o p.m. 
Sunday. 

CLUB MIRAGE 

S a n A n t o n i o ' s N e w e s t L i v e 

M u s i c C i u b , 
SPECIAL DRINK PRICES NIGHTLY 

FREE KEG OF BEER FRI. & SAT. WHERE IT EAST. 

7 5 * 
BAR DRINKS — Fri. & Sa t. 

D u r i n g M a y 
THIS WEEKS ENTERTAINMENT 

Friday 
Saturday 
” J E im Y W A D D EL” 
“ FRIENDS” 

24o 7 P in n Rd. 
6 7 4-829 5 

12Noo N IO 6 PM 
Je a n s $ 7 .8 8 
S h irts $ 5 .8 8 
Levi jeans and Gant shirts at half price this Sunday only. 

 o f JEANS 
4124 Bla nco 

Ü K aMJQMD 

 n :4 S -1 ia S .3 iO S ~ 4 :4 5 
A :35.S iO S .9 :4S 

IMDR 
HU J L T O NiE O j 

1 :o o '2 > 4 S .4 :3 o 
« :1 S -tio o .9 :4 S 

 a l l t t l a s p a o a 
In tlie r ie lit p la c e 

C a ll 
225-1666 

Burt Reynolds 
“S m ok^ « N O TIME Ba ndit” 
Sa lly Field J erry Reed.. 
J a ckie Glea son 

A HASIAR RFOducttOH A UNlVtRSAL Piciufp • IpCtiniCOiOf 

NORTH STAR 
12 :2 o 2 :1 5 4 :1 5 
6 :1 o 8:o5 1o :o o 

 tm.4 •- 
UA MOVIES 4 
1:o 5 3 :1 o 5 :15 
7 :2 o 9:25 

I tx 

WHO ARE 
THOSE GUYS? 

WINNER Of 7/ includng 
ACADEMY ^BestPictufe 
AWARDS 
In 1973 

P M 
L N E W M M N 

R O B E R T R E B F O R D 
M O B B R T S H a W > « ,. 
‘ 
’ a.»“ ' o‘ 
( S » « « f " J A W S " ) « 
STING 

CmTVtY SOUTH 
11:45-2:15. 
4:45-7:15.9:45 

 i!§hmxik I 
BROADWâY 
2:2(M:4o 
7.oo-9:2o 

FOX 
12:3o-2:Sa 
5:oo-7:2o-9:4o 

WILDER J ILL CLAYBURGH RICHARD PRYOR 
NLO til AT YV • CLif YON JAMlS^na PATRICK McGCXDHAN.«... ___ 
# 1 COMEDY OF THE YEARi jywLO» P«ve Ins-BILl O J 5BY & RAQUfl WELCH in 
Metfiet; y» g» 

W O O M A W N 

12.oo-2; 15-4;3ft4:4|.9 ,9 o 
U M IV IRfA L 
12oo-2; 15-4;3o-7;oo.9 .oo 

FOX d N TRA L o ARK l;5o-3:5o.S;5o.7;5oA;5o 

SA N M O RO 

TOWN n v m 

M ISSIO N 

"Silvi 
Strea l 
8:55-1: 
"Mother, 
& Spec 
11:o 

 t'J iû [ I } i 

THIN MAN é 
WHUAM N R U L 
M fniAlOY n«sâ«»HiTCMCoa ’s 
.northby lïi 

■ í h 
í b h^ 
THE PHILADELPHIA STORY” 
“ WOMAN OF THE YEAR” 

 w l I X 
“ B E N -H U R ” 

KSAQ 
MIDNIGHT 
SHOW 
TONIGHT! lisMiitollSAG 
Nr 4«tA 

V -♦ 
(. % 
V 
I 

Ez ba trie s 

Son Aritonto EXPRESS«NEWS--»$otyrdqy M qy 28 Î 9 7 7 

 politica l che mistry for hit 

By BEN KING Jr. 
If a n unknown pe a nut fa rme r ca n be come Pre ­ side nt of the Unite d 
Sta te s, country singe r 
De nny Ez ba doe sn't se e why he ca n’t ge t a hit re cord. Afte r a ll he ’s us­ ing the sa me sort of ta c­ tics. 
The Sa n Antonio-ba se d singe r sa ys he 's trying a gra ssroots a pproa ch to ge tting his re cord “ Do­ m ingo” on the Te x a s country music hit lists. 
“ The wjioiÄ thing is lik« *wiöIlHca 1 ca mpa ign. 
Av'^ mge r is like a politi­ cia n be ca use he ha s to ge t out to the pe ople so the y ge t to know his songs. 
“ And if it a ll works out you turn into the Ame rica n Dre a m,” sa ys Ez ba . 

Appe a ra nce 

He 'll be ma king one of his whistle -stop a ppe a r­ a nce s Sa turda y a t a pro- 

DENNY EZBA 
. . touring Te x a s 

 gre ssive country music fe stiva l to be he ld in 
Ke rrville be hind the Wa - te rhole 
Club, 
2 2 1 9 
Junction Hwy. 

The Sa turda y a ppe a r­ a nce is one of se ve ra l 
Ez ba ha s be e n ma king throughout the sta te with 
M e ye r’s W e ste rn He a d 
Ba nd. 
And while country singe rs since the da ys of 
Ha nk Willia ms ha ve use d pe rsona l a ppe a ra nce s to promote the ir re cords, 
Ez ba is going a t it from a nove l a ngle . 

To liste n to him de ­ scribe his syste ma tic a p­ proa ch to climbing the country music la dde r it sounds like Ez ba ha s e ve rything worke d out like a scie ntific formula . 

Te a che r 

The re ’s a good re a son. 
Whe n Ez ba isn’t on the roa d promoting “ Domin­ go” he ’s te a ching ch e ­ mistry a t Inca rna te Word 
Colle ge . 
The Sa n Antonio na tive e x pla ins he wa s side ­ tra cke d for se ve ra l ye a rs in the a ca de m ic world a nd until re ce ntly ha dn’t touche d a guita r. 
During the e a rly 1 9 6 o s 
Ez ba wa s the voca list with one of 
Me ye r’s ba nds a nd sa ng his wa y through countle ss se nior proms a nd te e n-ca nte e r da nce s. 
The group a lso cut 4 2 

We ste rns in the clips 

SPICfAl TO THI tXWeSS 
HOLLYWOOD 
Those old We ste rns a re going to ge t a bit of a re viva l. 

“ Me a nwhile Ba ck a t the H a nch” is be ing compile d from clips from more tha n 7 o of the W'e s- le rns ma de be fore 1 9 4 7 . 
Le slie B ricusse will write the title song. 

 single s, but a ll of the m only sputte re d a round the loca l cha rts without re ­ ce iving a ny ma jor re cog­ nition 
Ex posure 
Whe n Ez ba ta lks a bout m usic now he isn’t inte re ste d in m a king mone y from his a ppe a r­ a nce s. The ir ma in im- porta nc is to ge t him more e x posure inste a d of pocke t mone y. 
The 3 5 -ye a r-old singe r sa ys his se cond shot a t the re cord cha rts is ba se d on a formula tha t bor­ rows from the te chnique s use d by politica l ca ndi­ da te s. 
So fa r it ha s e nta ile d: 
• Re cording “ Domin­ go,” a song tha t be a rs a close re se m bla nce to 
Ma rty Robbin’s “ El P a ­ so,” both in the song’s lyrics a nd Ez ba ’s voice . 
• Touring with Me ye rs on a cross-the -sta te tours which ofte n ta ke him from T e x a rka na to El 
Pa so within a we e k. 
• Ma king it a point to le a ve his re cord a t e ve ry country sta tion a nd dropping by ne wspa pe rs during the tours. 
Climbing 
The re sult ha s be e n 
“ Domingo” is climbing the cha rts on most of the sta te ’s sm a lle r country sta tions a nd ha s a toe hold on KKYX Ra dio’s tre nd- se tting hit list. 
And though Ez ba ’s for­ mula se e ms to be pa ssing the a cid te st, the singe r sa ys, the most importa nt ingre die nt ha s be e n old- fa shione d pe rsiste nce . 
“ As long a s you ke e p coming ba ck a t pe ople , the y’re going to e ve n­ tua lly ha ve to ta ke notice of you,” he sa ys. 
Appe a ring with Ez ba a nd Me ye rs will be Tra cy 
Ne lson, Joe Bob’s Ba r & 
Grill Ba nd a nd se ve ra l othe r groups. Ticke ts to the a ll-da y fe stiva l a re 
$ 5 . 

Poge Ì3-A 
Singe r Ka re n Be lla to a ppe a r a t church 

Re cording a rtist Ka re n 
Be lla will a ppe a r a t a dinne r-ronoe rt a t 6 .3 o p m Sa turda y a t the St. 
Andre w',s Unite d Me tho­ dist Church Fe llowship 
Ha ll, 7 2 2 Robinhood St 
Miss Be ll.a be ga n he r singing ca re e r In Austin while a tte nding the Uni­ ve rsity of Te x a s a nd la te r a ppe a re d in Sa n Antonio. 
Da lla s a nd De nve r. 
During the Sa turda y conce rt. Miss Be lla wiil sing se le ctions from he r re ce ntly re le a se d a lbum 
“ Show a nd Te ll " 
All conce rt proce e ds will be ne fit the St. An- 

 dre w’s Youth Summe r 
Trip 
Ticke ts a re $ 3 5 o for a dults childre n a nd S2 5 o for 

Jim Cuitum's Happy Jazz Band^ from San Antonio, will make o special guest appearance this weekend of the intemotionally known Sacromento Jazz Festivol. The festival, which is only four i years old, drew more than 25,ooo people last yeor end is the largest of its kind in the United r a v o i i a 
States. 
Cra ft cla sse s se t 

 in ne w f í l m 

The ne w summ e r se ­ me ste r a t the Southwe st 
Cra ft Ce nte r ge ts unde r wa y W e dne sda y with a dult cla sse s in six cra ft de pa rtme nts, two spe cia l e le ctive s a nd four cla sse s for youngste rs. 

Childre n’s cla sse s for a ge s se ve n through 1 2 a re offe re d in thre e two-we e k se ssions June 6 -1 7 , June 
2 o -July 1 a nd July 1 1 -2 2 . 

Da y a nd e ve ning se s­ sions for a dva nce d a nd be ginning stude nts va ry in le ngth from one da y workshops to course s la sting two to 1 o we e ks. 

Course s ope ning in 
June in the fibre de pa rt­ me nt include de sign, loom a nd prim itive we a ving. Cla y d e p a rt­ me nt cla sse s be ginning in June include ba sic a nd a dva nce d ce ra mics a nd suclpture . plus a ne w 

Theatres 
Of BêH ftWTOW 

 mte» r ên ttr m m s g Ê êftê 

 m Mil »' 
MARILYN CHAMBiRS IN 

IRKUT m s m 
•W 

K 
H 
N 
> 

 l ^ 
G 
K f i N 
D 
O 
O 
R with phmie ke ye s 
(X) 
oo-hit 

 sat 

 figure -portra it sculpture course . 
All summe r cla sse s in the school’s m e ta l de ­ pa rtme nt a lso be gin in 
June . The y include : me ­ ta l de sign, ca sting a rt me ta ls, e na me ling a nd je we lry of the Southwe st. 
Othe r cla sse s be gin­ ning in June include , photo e ssa y, ba sic guita r a nd furniture construc­ tion. 
Re gistra tion will be 

 a cce pte d through the first we e k of e a ch course , with stude nts give n a n opportunity to ma ke up a ny se ssions misse d 
For comple te inform a - tion te le phone the ce n te r’s re g istra r a t 
2 2 4 -1 8 4 8 . 
All cla sse s a re con­ ducte d in the comple te ly re store d Old Ursuline 
Conve nt on the Sa n An­ tonio Rive r. 3 o o Augusta 
St. 

SWClAl TO TMI IXMTiiS 
NEW YORK - John 
Tra volta is sta rring in 
“ Sa turda y Night,” which is in production in Ne w 
York. 

I Feel It 
C o m in g (X) 

« u s s . i n j i j i u i T i 
TEENAGIRS” m 

OVEHNIGHT 
*ANNIE HALL’ captured the hearts of America. 

~ Ex pr« s-Ne ws Want Ads 2 2 5 -1 6 6 6 ^ 

SEE THE MIGHTY GODZILLA 
IN A FIGHT TO THE DEATH 
WITH HIS BIONIC_pOUBLEI 

"CREATURES 
THE WORLD 
FORCOriFa j 
NORTHWEST 6 
CENTURY SOUTH 
CINE CINCO 
UNIVERSAL 
A ÍT E ¿ -3 ' 

 m m 
ï T m m 
"GODZILLA” i:5 5 -1 2 .1 S 
"CREATURES” 1oi4o 

A T A H K -i 
A CANTAN 
"CODEILLAVS. 
MtCALOW” 
(6) 

 and KNOCKOUT 
WIRK! 

11tSo-1s5o-3sSo 
5tSo-7i5o-9 i5o 

11 iSS-l:4G3iSGSs2e-7:f S-TsOO 

1 2 H)o -2 :MMso e 4 to o -l!o o -1 6 io o 
"C¿dI iLLA". 
-lUMiAtW" TSgTJCTsTiiS' 

— 
T 
S f m 
— 
"GODZIIlA” a:55-I2Æ5 
"MEG ALON” 1o:3o 

 fiCOlUMBIA/tMt 
Pinnntitipn 
MUHAMMAD AU in "THE GREATEST" 
A JOHN MARSHALL PRODUCTION 
ERNEST BORGNINE'JOHN MARLEY-LLOYD HAYNES 
4pee»r»ncei Bv ROBERT DUVALL-DAVID HUOOLiSTON • BEN JOHNSON 
JAMES EARL JONES-DINA MERRIU-Ro6 ERE MOSLEY-PAUL WINFIELDw.ih ANNA2ETTE CHASE 
MIRA WATERS Screenplay by RING LARDNER, Jf Based on TheG'eaiosi MyOvr-nSibry by MUHAMMAD A ll 
HERBERT MUHAMMAD and RICHARD DURHAM Produred by JOHN MARSHALL-Deeded by TOM CRIES 
Music by MICHAEL MASSER r Corn«« p««« nitei.es Hr 
ÌÌKi|Ni9i MÌHÉ UHim 

CENTURY SOUTH 
1 2 s o o - 2 : o o * 4 i o o 
4 t o o - 8 i o o - 1 o t o o 
NORTH STAR 
1 i 2 S . 3i 3o 
9 i 3 5 - 7 j4 o - 9 : 4 S 

NORTHWiST SI X 

* A N N IE HALU is now the biggest hit in San Antonio. 

Annie Holi is evidence of the growth of Woody Alien’s comic genius. 

—Ron White 
VvOOCY ALLEN amE KEATON 
TONY ROBERTS 
‘ANNIE HALL’ 

 kiOd-8 iOO-1 

XX. 
MàJòk iiH lL V IC 

 p L t 
ATNE8 OF SAN ANTOMIO 

 f llC I fOLICY 
N il AlAf 

 fN 1o «« WwrtGGcK Isit 
444-3911 t$ 3 f 
TODAY 4tdo4teGt:M-lotM 
.iMOAMtfS 1 1 4 o nos l2i8o-2i(»49oo4iQO-l>œio4o 

 m 
Æ m 

éit i3Ti 
RIGHT TO THI FINISH! fi 
Ù P m i A 

 vs.sm fC mttSTiE 

•‘GODZlUA VS. THE 
BIONIC MONSTER” 

CiNTURY SOUTH 

“THE STING” 
K T m MIDNIGHT SHOWS TONIGHT 
A CO URU OR 6-RACKS FOR YOUR MOVI F iNTSRTAI NMSNT 

“ANNIE HALL” 
“GODZILA VS, THE 
* BIONIC MONSTER” 

“NASTY HABITS’ 
“DAY OF THE 
ANIMALS’’ 

"KASTY 
HABITS" 
OUNDA JACKSON 
MELINA MERCOURI 

FfrfP-/ i.1 N*t I r«fh»<r If! tfit 
SfiU Mi>¥» fap p tKt 

M m m a a r 

JACK LEMMON ^ 
LEE GRANT 

N Ó R T H W E mm 

GENE WILDER 
MARTY FELDMAN 

S T S I X 

R9 . 9 m i e 

 m u s f i f t 

'A fY Y v Al l e n 
DANE Kf.ATON 
'ANNIE ' 
HALLiffj 
Tim 
CAR 

"Being a hooiiéfnevÑ stöweä'm from beingawoman.” 

H A R R Y A N D 
T H E IK X W C E R S 

THE SATURDAY 
EXPRESS NEWS 
EDITORIALS 

William J. Reddell 

Editor o f Ed ito rial Page 

Charles O . Kilpatnck 

Editor a n d Pu blish er 

George Carmack 
Assodate Editor 

Fane L Burt 

Managing Editor 
Hy po crisy in po licy ig no res ra m pa g e 

The Interna tio na l Co mmis­ sio n o f .Jurists ha s co ncluded tha t 
Idi 
Amin is a m a ss murderer. The co m m issio n heard testimo ny o f perso ns who hav e fled Ug anda , including two o f the Ug a nda n president’s fo rmer ca binet ministers, and they put the number o f perso ns slain in Amin's blo o dy ra mpa g e at “ mo re than 1 oo,ooo.“ 

There are repo rts o f v ictims far in ex cess o f that number but the ev idence seems certa in that 
Amin’s reg ime is cruel, reckless and ruthless and that death is an a lmo st-a uto ma tic v erdict fo r the slig htest o f rea so ns. In such a fea rso me circumsta nce, it is li­ tera lly true tha t a ll Ug a nda ns a re unsafe. 

The co mmissio n ha s no po ­ lice po wer. It ma y ha v e so me pub! ie-o p in io n po wer. 
But the repo rt is an o pen and stro ng indictment o f the United 
Na tio ns secreta ria t, the Security 
Co uncil, the General Assembly , the iro nica lly -na m ed U. N. 
Co mmissio n o n Huma n Rig hts a nd ev en indiv idua l member natio ns o f the V. X. 
They all seem to be sta nding in to ng ue-tied sho ck. 
Amin has killed the Ang lica n a rchbisho p. He* ha s killed his o wn first wife. He has killed o r caused to be killed o thers who m he co nsiders to be in his way . 

The Org anizatio n o f African 
Unity ha s ig no red the Ug a nda blo o dba th. Africa n deleg a tio ns at the U. N. pro tect Amin fro m criticism but fan the criticism o f huma n rig hts v io la tio ns in white-ruled So uthern Africa. 

The U. N. ma y well find' itself crippled by the Third 
Wo rld’s a uto ma tic ma jo rity , no w that so ma ny tribal g ro ups hav e been decla red to be so v er- ig n na tio ns. It is senseless to ex pect the U. N. to be a pro tec­ to r — ev en in principle — o f any human rig hts if it is pro tecto r o f o nly selected perso ns who a re abused. 

It is hy po crisy to deplo re in­ justice in So uthern Africa with­ o ut a pply ing the sa me kind o f po licy a nd a ctio ns to Ug a nda . 
But that is what is ha ppening o n an a ppa lling sca le. 

Fo r ex a mple, o nly Frida y the 
U. N. Security Co uncil wa s g etting pro mpt actio n fro m the 
U. S. a nd Austra lia n g o v ern­ ments. Bo th g o v ernments were taking sa nctio ns a g a inst Rho de­ sia 's info rma tio n o ffices. But no bo dy said a wo rd abo ut Ug a n­ da and we find that sickening ly stra ng e. 

And 
Brita in still ha sn't o fficially to ld Amin he ca n't a t­ tend the co mmo nwea lth co n­ ference in Lo ndo n in June. 

Pa use in a uto em issio n rules ca n pro v ide tim e to ev a lua te 

The hea d-o n sho wdo wn o n 
1 97 8 mo del ca rs fo und a co m ­ pro mise in the Ho use this week. 
So me ex ha ust emissio ns sta n­ da rds were dela y ed two y ea rs a nd o ther were dela y ed per­ ma nently . 

Fa ilure to find a co mpro mise po ses a cha lleng e to g o v ernment to shut do wn the auto industry , no w mo v ing into 1 97 8 pro duc­ tio n. Sena te actio n rema ins to be do ne. 

The a uto industry a rg ued that it wa s m eeting the sta n­ da rds a s quickly a s techno lo g y allo ws. The two -y ea r relax atio n will g iv e time to test ho w well cha ng es to da te a re helping clean up the air. 

There sho uld be no div ersio n fro m a na tio na l g o al o f ha v ing air clea nsed o f da ma g ing po llu­ tio n. The co untry can ha v e clea n air and a clean env iro nment is beco ming an impo rta nt industry and it is a pro ductiv e industry . 

. 
It pro v ides mo re jo bs tha n are elimina ted by po llutio n co n­ tro ls and the pro ductiv e benefits o f clea n a ir and wa ter ca n be co mputed in do llar a dv a nta g es. 

But it is sensible to ev a lua te the co sts and the benefits o n a co ntinuing basis. There ma y be useful trade-o ffs that a re desir­ a ble and ex perience will sho w wha t they a re. The a uto em is­ sio ns dispute sho uld pro duce relia ble data o n a ir qua lity at this sta g e o f po llutio n co ntro l. 
Up fro m the g utter 

Fo ur-letter wo rds increa s­ ing ly find their way —■ pushed there by ta lent-sta rv ed writers 
— into play s, a rticles, telev isio n scripts and sundry pla ces. 
A mild stir-up wa s ca used lately by a film narratio n at the to wn’s ma in museum. Pa tro ns o f theater were lately ca utio ned that a new play co nta ined wo rds that mig ht o ffend. Telev isio n a dv ises pa renta l discretio n o n, 

Moon lightin g B29 

 the ba sis o f la ng ua g e o r v io ­ lence, o r bo th. 
And so it g o es. 

The o ffensiv e wo rds a re re­ ferred to as “ street la ng ua g e.” 
In fo rmer times, they were re­ ferred to a s “ g utter la ng ua g e.” 

We suppo se so cia l scientists wo uld find a po sitiv e no te in that. Upward mo bility , they call it! 

Sir: With regard s to R. R. Williams’ letter (May 2o), this feeble ex cu se wou ld hav e lov ed to hav e had him alon g on a moon light rid e in a B29 in 
Jan u ary of 195 3. 
While tu rn in g on to the target at 
26 ,ooo feet, ou tsid e air tem peratu re 4o d egrees below zero an d two MlGl5 s fly in g u p ou r backsid e, we m ight d iscu ss the fu tu re possibilities of d e­ fen d in g on e’s cou n try . 
This might in clu d e a possible n y lon letd own in the ex hilaratin g n ight air, or a little jog in the cou n try , or a y ear or two of rest an d relax ation as an hon ored gu est of the North Korean s. 
My tou r in Vietn am also had its list of d elightfu l possibilities. 
Howev er, to brin g him u p to d ate, 1 recom m en d he read Col. Robin son 
Risn er’s, “ The Passin g of the Night.” 
On e thin g has alway s bothered me abou t chron ic belly -achers like R. R. 
Williams. That is that if the m ilitary is su ch a fat-cat d eal, how come he’s n ot in it? They take v olu n teers, y ou kn ow. 
I su ggest that Mr. Williams get d ow n on his kn ees an d pray to God ev ery n ight for the people w ho d o, d id or hav e stood in d efen se of this cou n try . With­ ou t their d ed ication , it is u n likely that 
Mr. Williams wou ld hav e an y mon ey to pav tax es on . 
May n ard H. Kolb (Maj., USAF, ret.) 

Witch hunters’ ta rg et o bv io us 

Sir: My letter of May 1o brou ght fiv e phon e calls than kin g me, a cou n ter balan ce to the letters of Nick Shu ler an d Carlton Polin g, who figu re it is OK to break laws if d on e by a Democrat. 
Shu ler mild ly con ced es the Ken n ed y brothers' an d Ly n d on John son ’s politi­ cal d ealin gs were n ot alway s “ en tirely hon est.” 
Had Richard Nix on become presi­ d en t in 196o. we might n ot hav e had a 
Vietn am war. Bu t as history stan d s, it was he who began brin gin g ou r men home as soon as he becam e presid en t in 1969. 
Polin g claims Nix on cau sed his own u n d oin g by lackin g the in tegrity to rev eal facts. What abou t Ted d y merely in atten d an ce at an in qu est sworn to secrecy ? A girl d ied n eed lessly be­ cau se as “ F ish b a it” M iller wrote, 
“ Ted d y was stru ck with ‘the d u m bs’.” 
P olin g ac cu se s m e of th e S alem 
Witch Trials’ sty le of ju stice. Let me hear him ju stify try in g Sen . Ed w ard 
Gu rn ey for three y ears, ru in in g his life, then fin d in g him in n ocen t. Same for hou n d in g Bebe Robozo. John Con - n ally su bjected to trial that has been said wou ld n ev er hav e taken place had he remain ed a Democrat! 
Sin ce Democratic gu ilt is n ot pu n i­ shable, it is obv iou s who is con d u ctin g the witch hu n t an d u pon whom! 
Beu lah P. Sherritt 
Helm et law bo g g les mind 

Sir: Gov . Briscoe con tin u es to prov e that Tex as has a rare breed of politi­ cian s. 
Sign in g the bill allowin g motorcy cle rid ers ov er 18 to go withou t a protec­ tiv e helm et boggles the m in d an d shou ld spread a few ov er the highway s of Tex as. 
Statistics show that most motorcy cle 

I , n, . , . , nm, . 
. I. -. 
Letters 
TO THE EDITOR 

 to tlii« oaw tpapar » hou M b« « hö rt an d fbay m u it ba i % m 4 . in itial« ortiy will b a tisad a t w rü ar’s raqu att. Corract ad d ra« * an d talaphon « n u atbar for id an tifkation of ia tta n ara n aad ad . ta tta rs will ba 
•d ita d for lan gth, good ta * ts an d lagol raa» on « . 
Ad d ra*« : Uittar* to tha ad ltor, P. O. Bo« 217 1, San 
An ton io. TX 
79797. 

 d eaths are d u e to head in ju ries. How abou t n o seat belts for au tomobile occu pan ts ov er 18 or n o n eed for life­ jackets for the boatin g crowd ov er 18 ? 
Leon ard Dallas 
In defense o f elderly 

Sir: In d efen se of law abid in g citi­ zen s an d the eld erly , I wou ld like to refer to the “ com m ittee of citizen s for equ al rights” , Don Lazzari, Patricia 
Moss an d the heart-ren d in g plea to 
“ d efen d y ou r d octor, so y ou won ’t lose them .” 
I wou ld remin d them this d octor had 
36 in d ictmen ts again st him, takin g fees illegally from 
Med icare, 
Med icare mean in g eld erly people pay in g mon thly premiu ms from limited in comes. 
It wou ld be m ore u n d erstan d able if 

‘Okay , who left the TV set o n? Yo u wo uldn't do tha t if 
Jimmy Carter wa s aro und here!’ 
Star ran ks face red u ction s 

WASHINGTON - Ho w ma ny g enera ls do we need? 
This is a qu estion Con gress asks more in sisten tly each y ear at appro­ priation tim e an d this y ear Defen se 
S e c re ta ry H arold B row n h as an an swer he thin ks Capitol Hill will like: 
He has ord ered the arm ed serv ices to come u p by Ju ly 1 with a plan for s u b s ta n tia l re d u c tion s in the n u m bers of gen erals an d ad m irals an d h igh -ra n kin g, high-paid civ il serv an ts. 
Ra tio rises 
What d ispleases Con gress is that, ov er the y ears, the ratio of gen erals to total stren gth keeps creepin g u p. 
Tod ay , for ex am ple, the serv ices hav e 1,16 5 gen erals or ad m irals. This is on e for ev ery 1,8 oo se rv ic em en , compared to a ratio of on e per 2,6 oo at the height of the Vietn am war. 
“ 1 fin d it hard to believ e,” said 
Sen , Sam Nu n n , D-Ga., chairm an of the Sen ate Arm ed Serv ices su bcom ­ mittee on m an power, “ that it takes more gen erals to wage peace than to w age w ar.” 
Nu n n wan ts a fou r per cen t an n u al red u ction in the top ran ks ev ery y ear 

 u n til the total d rops to abou t 9oo, or on e per 2,2oo serv icemen . 
Hard to a rg ue 
On its face, Nu n n ’s proposition s are hard to argu e with, y et the factors which lie behin d the n u mbers are n ot so easy to d ispose of. 
It is easy to poin t ou t that tod ay we hav e on e fou r-star gen eral for ev ery 
5 6 ,ooo sold ie rs , c om pa re d at th e height of World War II to on e fou r- star flag for ev ery 6 oo,ooo GIs. 
Historically , howev er, what most people ov erlook is that the Un ited 
States has alway s been short on top brass. 
Sta rs unusua l 
Un til after the Civ il War, the U.S. 
Nav y d id n ’t ev en hav e on e sin gle ad ­ miral. 
U.S. G ran t, who com m an d ed the e n tire Un ion a rm y , w as on e of a han d fu l of lieu ten an t gen erals. 
There were n o fou r-star officers. 
In W orld W ar I, with ov er fou r million m en u n d er a r m s , th e U.S. 
Array had on ly three fou r-star fu ll gen erals. 
Of cou rse, in those d ay s there was n o Pen tagon an d n o top-heav y D e­ fen se D e pa rtm e n t b u r e a u c r a c y , 

Col. 
Robert D. 
Hein ! Jr. 

 w hich c a m e in to e x is te n c e w ith armed forces u n ification in 194V, be­ gin n in g of the u pward spiral in sen ior officers, becau se the n ew Defen se 
D epa rtm en t, bu ilt like a fou r-tier wed d in g cake, erected a whole series of n ew’ head qu arters an d m an age­ men t lay ers atop the serv ices. 

Deta ched 

(Tod ay , by hasty cou n t, there are some 24o gen erals an d ad m irals d e­ tached from th e ir pare n t serv ices w orkin g u n d e r the P e n ta gon on projects or agen cies for the secretary of d efen se an d his prolifery of su per­ grad e civ il serv an ts. Not on e of these gen erals m akes an y con tribu tion to the operation s or com m an d of forces within his own serv ice.) 
Y et, w hen a ppr opr ia tion tim e 

 comes, it is the serv ices, n ot the d e­ fen se secretary , who get the flak for hav in g too man y high officers. 
A n y w ay , N u n n to th e c on tra ry n otw ith s ta n d in g, th e U.S. a rm e d forces are hard ly in d an ger of gettin g like the Mex ican army . 
By comparison with represen tativ e foreign arm ed forces, the U.S. billets for .flag an d gen eral officers seem 
(an d are) qu ite mod est. 
Tod ay , we hav e 5 5 gen e rals for ev ery 1oo,ooo men on activ e d u ty . 
Do uble 
Can ad a, n orth of the bord er, more than d ou b le s th a t w ith 128 pe r 
1oo,ooo. 
B ritain ’s figu re, m ore than triple ou rs, is 18 6; Fran ce, less than Britain bu t well abov e the Un ited Stales, is 
75 , 
Socialist Swed en has a whoppin g 
373. 
Italy , howev er, Is in a class by it­ self with on e gen eral per 31o sold iers, more than 2oo Air Force gen erals for abou t 4oo airplan es, an d m ore a d ­ m irals than it has com batan t w a r­ ships in commission . 
No n u m bers cou ld be obtain ed on 
Sov iet Un ion or Warsaw Pact ratios of gen e ral to sold iers, bu t in te lli­ 

 gen ce sou rces say the Commu n ist fi­ gu res wou ld appreciably ex ceed ou rs. 
Civ il Serv ice 
L ookin g at th e Ita lia n figu re s , howev er, on e is remin d ed of the U.S. 
Civ il Serv ice an d the civ ilian sid e of ou r gov ern men t. 
With a force of ov er 2.7 million civ il serv an ts, we hire approx imately 8 ,ooo person s in GS-16 , 17 an d 18 ratin gs 
(grad es equ iv alen t: in pay an d priv i­ leges to ge n e ra ls ), toge th e r with comparable Foreign Serv ice an d Ca­ bin et an d su bcabin et jobs. 
Of these, to m an age a civ ilian po­ pu lation at the Pen tagon of 1,o31,ooo, there are 925 su pergrad es. 
What the abov e boils d own to is that the P en ta gon has n early tw ice as m an y top b ra s s c iv ilia n s (9 2 per 
1oo,ooo employ es) as it has gen erals to s old ie rs 
(5 5 pe r 
1oo,ooo serv icemen ). 
If Nu n n an d Brown a re se riou s abou t person n el econ omies at the top, they shou ld take on the Civ il S e n ice, n ot the m ilitary . Civ il Serv ice has v otes, u n ion s, captiv e com mittees in 
Con gress. All the gen erals an d a d ­ mirals hav e is a two-cen tu ry record of su fferin g pu blic in gratitu d e in si­ len ce. 

 o 
James 

' At' 
Heston 

 y ou r petition was based pu rely on show in g m e rcy on a law b re a ke r rather than ration alizin g by in n u en d o how the ju stice sy stem is abu sin g him. 
H. O. 

Let’s liv e o r let liv e — ba n o do rs 

Sir: It seem s that all the u proar abou t smokin g has become rid icu lou s. 
As for all those who claim to be aller­ gic to tobacco smoke: How man y hav e acqu ired the allergy by imagin ation ? 
How man y hav e been certified by a d octor to be allergic to tobacco smoke? 

Recen tly I walked in to a store with an u n lit pipe in my mou th. A woman approachin g me saw m y pipe at a d is­ tan ce of 15 to 2o feet an d prom ptly began to gag. It wou ld hav e been ju st as reason able for me to gag from the possibility of her u sin g a perfu m e or somethin g scen ted . 

If we are goin g to go to ex tremes, why n ot ban people wearin g scen ts, or those who hav e bod y od or, from pu blic places. Some scen ts an d bod y od or are u s offen siv e to some as tobacco smoke is to others. Some folks are so d eod or­ ized their presen ce d eod orizes large rooms. Some giv e the impression they hav e been han d lin g old billy goats. 
Each probably offen d s the other. P e r­ haps it’s tim e to thin k of the old philosophy of liv e an d let liv e. 
W. McCraken 

Yo ung is do ing wha t he plea ses 

WASHINGTON — Andrew 
'Yo ung , the U.S. a mba ssa do r to the 
United 
Na tio ns, ha s emerg ed a s the mo st talka tiv e and co ntro v ersia l member o f 
President Ca rter’s tea m. 
He is also the most aggressiv e an d con sisten t. 
Seld om a d ay goes by that he d oesn 't make the head lin es with some v iv id criticism of some cou n try , in clu d in g his own , abou t how they a re bein g beastly to his fellow blacks. 
R ecen tly , he has been w an d erin g arou n d Africa lectu rin g Ian Smith ot 
Rhod esia an d P rim e M in ister John 
Vorster of Sou th Africa on the sin s of white min ority ru le. 
P a ssin g throu gh Lon d on , he con ­ d em n s the old B ritish colon ial a s ­ su mption s, an d comin g back, he su g­ gests that the Swed es are liberal bu t are abou t as liberal with the blacks as the whites are in the Qu een s borou gh of New York — thereby in fu riatin g the political lead ers in both Swed en an d 
Qu een s. 
No immunity 

Nobod y is im m u n e to An d y You n g’s criticism, n ot ev en the Carter ad m in ­ istration . 
When he cam e back throu gh Lon d on from Africa an d was asked what he thou ght ab ou t the C u b an s s e n d in g 
“ m ilitary ad v isers” to Ethiopia, he said that the State D epartm en t had d en ou n ced this in terv en tion . 
He su pposed , he said iron ically , that he ou ght to d o the sam e, bu t m ay be 
Cu ba’s in terv en tion cou ld be a good thin g — might ev en sav e some liv es. 
When Presid en t Carter was asked at his latest press con feren ce why he fired Maj. Gen . Sin glau b for speakin g ou t again st the withd rawal of Am eri­ can grou n d troops in Sou th Korea bu t tolerated An d y You n g’s d issen ts from official policy , “ Well, I kn ow of n o in stan ce when An d y You n g has v iolat­ ed the policy d escribed .” 
What he plea ses 
The tru th is that An d y You n g is d o­ in g what he pleases; he is goin g bey on d , ev en d efy in g C arter’s spirit of compromise. He is irritatin g the allies while Carter is try in g to win their co­ operation . He is in fu riatin g Con gress precisely when Carter is try in g to work alu t some kin d of con sen su s at home 
,an d abroad . 
He is ev en pickin g fights with the 
Swed es, of all people, by su ggestin g that they are “ terrible rac ists,” an d while Jim m y Carter keeps su pportin g him, his State Departm en t is appalled by You n g’s an tics, an d m em bers of the 
Cabin et won d er what the Presid en t wou ld thin k if they popped off all ov er the world like An d y You n g. 
In short, the main criticism here is n ot of You n g bu t of Carter. The Presi­ d en t kn ows You n g v ery well — better than an y bod y else in Washin gton . 
You n g wan ted this job at the Un ited 
Nation s more than an y other — an d as the m ost a r tic u la te an d a ttr a c tiv e black in C a rte r’s presid e n tial c a m ­ paign , he got it. 
Wro ng ro le 
Bu t You n g is n ot actin g like a U.S. am bassad or to the Un ited Nation s. 
He is actin g like an am bassad or of the Un ited States to Africa, an d ev en like an am bassad or of Black Africa to 
Washin gton . 
You can talk to him at len gth abou t his job, bu t he seld om men tion s this cou n try ’s problems with Can ad a, Latin 
A m erica, E u rope , A sia, the Sov iet 
Un ion , Chin a, or Japan . 
As a Sou thern politician , he u sed to complain with great eloqu en ce that the 
North cou ld on ly thin k “ w hite,” bu t n ow he on iy seems to thin k “ black.” 
An d y You n g is n ot the first prom in ­ en t poiitieian who has held this job as 
U.S. am b a ssa d or to the Un ited N a ­ tion s. 
Eisen hower n omin ated Hen ry Cabot 
Lod ge for the job. Ken n ed y sen t Ad lai 
S tev en son th e re to get rid of him . 
John son d iv e rte d A rth u r G old b erg from the S u pre m e C ou rt, an d P a t 
Moy n ihan was the first am abassad or again st rather than to the Un ited Na­ tion s. Bu t An d y You n g is som ethin g qu ite d ifferen t. 
Pla tfo rm 
He is u sin g the Un ited Nation s as a platform for his own v iews of the racial con flicts of the world , an d more than all the other U.S. am bassad ors in that job, he has a powerfu l political con sti­ tu en cy su pportin g him. 
Carter cou ld fire an y other m em ber of his Cabin et withou t losin g an y major bod y of v oters, bu t Y ou n g has the blacks on his sid e, an d seems to thin k he can d o an d say what he pleases. 
If he were a con gressm an , or a co­ lu m n ist, or a propagan d ist, n obod y cou ld object to the ard en t v iolen ce of his thou ght — ev en if he were an as­ sistan t to the Presid en t, argu in g his rac ial philosoph y — bu t as an am b a ssa d or to the U n ited N ation s, fly in g arou n d th e w orld le c tu rin g ev ery bod y on their moral d u ties — this is somethin g n ew in the history of po­ lities an d d iplomacy . 
An d the respon sibility for this is n ot 
An d y You n g’s bu t the Presid en t’s. 
You n g m ad e clear to the Presid en t from the start what he in ten d ed to d o, an d lie has d on e it. 
He’s n ot an am bassad or, or ev en a faithfu l re porter of Jim m y C a rte r’s hu man rights policies, bu t a brillian t propagan d ist an d ev en a prov ocateu r for his own v iews of the racial con flict. 

MEMORIAL DAY i 
3o% OFF 
MARQUISE DIAMOND S( 

Gu a rd ia n a n g el o f p resid en ts n o w a t Trin ity 

Did Richa rd Nix o n — o r didn’t h e — o ften interrupt his presidentia l schedule to da sh o ff fo r a Da iry Queen ice crea m? 

Do es Jim m y Carter smile ev en wh en h e’s talkin g abo u t so m eth in g serio u s 
— o r, d o esn ’t h e? 
On ly th eir secu rity m en kn o w fo r su re. An d o n e fo rm er secu rity m an , 
Bo b Sh elley , swears it’s all tru e. 
Sh elley will also tell y o u Nix o n an d 
Carter to o k th e cake fo r tellin g p eo p le at ev ery wh istleslo p alo n g th e ro ad th at th ey were th e best, th e greatest an d ju st u n eq u alled . 
Fo r y ears Sh elley , n o w secu rity d ir­ ecto r at T rin ity U n iv e rsity , w as a m em ber o f th e gro u p o f silen t, su it- clad m en trav elin g with A m eric a’s im p erial-p o w ered go v e rn m e n t o ffi­ cials. 
Alwa y s fo llo wed 

W h ile sev eral o f th e ear-p lu gged men wo u ld flan k th e Presid en t as h e sallie d th ro u gh s a rd in e -p a c ke d cro wd s, Sh elley wo u ld brin g u p th e rear. 
A bo mb ex p ert fo r th e Army , h e was watch in g fo r ex p lo siv e attacks fro m an y o n e in th e cro wd . He d id n ’t ex p ect an y , bu t ju st th e sam e h e was watch ­ ing. 
Alo n g with a team o f o th er ex p lo siv e ex p erts fro m th e Arm y , h e h ad also d o n e h is jo b earlier by ch eck- 
— 
■ in g ev ery p lace th e Presid en t wo u ld be; airp o rt ru n w ay s, h o tel ro o m s, ban q u et h alls, ren ted cars — fro m th e sp are .......... tire to th e carbu reto r. 
“ Th e Secret Serv ice fo r Presid en t 
Jo h n so n a s ke d m e if th e c a r w as o kay ,” h e said relatin g a co mmo n ex ­ p erien ce fro m th o se d ay s. 
“ I’d say y es. 
“ An d th ey ’d tell me to stan d by th e car u n til th e Presid en t was in an d th e car was started an d go n e. 
“ 'If it go es u p , we d o n ’t wan t y o u aro u n d to mess with ,’ th ey ’d say .” 
Weren’t jo king 

Th ey w eren ’t jo kin g. Sh elley wo u ld stan d by th e car u n til th e Presid en tial p arty d ro v e o ff. 
“ So me Secret Serv ice m en are so d ev o ted . Th ey wo u ld giv e u p th eir liv es fo r th e P re sid e n t,” Sh elley ex p lain s matter-o f-factly . . 
"Th ey kn o w h is wish es better th an an y o n e else . . . th ey h av e tremen d o u s p o wer.” 
Other lea ders 

Besid es Carter, Nix o n an d Jo h n so n , 
Sh elley also trav eled with Jo h n Ken ­ n ed y , Geo rge Wallace, Ro n ald Reagan an d o th er n atio n al an d in tern atio n al lead ers. 
Un like so me o f th e Secret Serv ice, h e wasn ’t statio n ed with th e men all th e time — o n ly wh en th ey were v isitin g in th e area h e co v ered . 
Sh elley lo o ks w e ll-sc ru b b ed an d clean -cu t. It’s easy en o u gh to see h im as a Secret Serv ice man o r a military 
Cha rlie g etting a 
4th a ng el 

ASSOCIATED PRESS 
LOS ANGELES - ABC’s hit series, “ Cha rlie’s Ang els,” g o t a fo urth a ng el Frida y , a ctress 
Chery l La dd, 2 5 . 

W h eth er F a r r a h F a w c e tt-M a jo rs will retu rn to th e series rem ain s in d o u bt. 
ABC said Miss Lad d will p lay th e kid sister o f Jill Mu n ro e, th e ch a ra c te r p lay ed by M iss M a jo rs , wh o la s t 
March said sh e’s q u ittin g th e p o p u lar series an d wo n ’t ap p ear in its seco n d seaso n n ex t fall. 
A sp o kesman fo r Sp ellin g-Go ld berg 
Pro d u ctio n s, wh ich m akes th e sh o w abo u t a trio o f female p riv ate d etec­ tiv es, said th e co mp an y will resu m e filmin g th e series n ex t Wed n esd ay . 
Asked w h e th e r 
M iss 
Fawcett-Majo rs, 3o, h as ch an ged h er min d , h e said , “ We still h o p e sh e’ll be back an d if F arra h ap p ears w e’ll in ­ clu d e h er in th e sh o w.” 
Bu t th e sp o kesman , wh o said Miss 
Lad d will be p lay in g a p riv ate d etec- 

CHERYL LADD 
. . new angel 

 tiv e, said h is co mp an y h as go tten n o wo rd fro m Miss Fawcett-Majo rs abo u t co min g back to th e series. 
Wh en Miss Fawcett-Majo rs said sh e was leav in g th e series, h er law y er, 
Ch arles Silv erberg, said sh e p lan n ed to p u rsu e a career in films. 
Sh e’s m arried to acto r Lee Majo rs, s ta r o f ABC’s “ Six M illio n D o lla r 
Man ,” wh o h as said h e’s leav in g h is se rie s to c o n c e n tra te in film s an d mad e-fo r-telev isio n mo v ies. 
New ta x es pla nned fo r milita ry fro m 1 3 sta tes 

WASHINGTON (AP) - Th e Defen se 
D ep artm en t said F rid ay it p lan s to start with h o ld in g state tax es o n Ju ly 1 fro m th e p ay o f serv ice p erso n n el with legal resid en ces in 13 states. 

Th ese are states th at th e d ep artm en t said it ex p ects will co m p lete a n ew agreemen t with th e Treasu ry D ep art­ men t fo r tax with h o ld in g. 

Th e 13 a re A la b a m a , D e la w a re , 
Id ah o , io wa, Kan sas, New Jersey , New 
Mex ico , New Yo rk, N o rth C aro lin a, 
Pen n sy lv an ia, So u th Caro lin a, Utah , an d Virgin ia. 

Elev en o th er states an d th e District o f Co lu mbia are ex p ected to q u alify later, th e Pen tago n said . 
With h o ld in g is ex p ected to begin o n 
Au g. I fo r C o lo rad o , In d ia n a , M a ­ ry lan d , M assach u setts, Rh o d e Islan d an d th e District o f Co lu mbia. 
Six o th er states will receiv e tax es with h eld fro m serv icem en ’s p ay sta rt­ in g in N o v em ber, Th ey are H aw aii, 

Son A ntonio EX P R E S S -N E W S — Saturday M a y 2 8 1 9 7 7 
H 

Alien a mnesty is fa r fro m decided 

 man — ev en th o u gh h e’s n o t d ressed th e p art as h e sits in h is tree-sh ad ed o ffice righ t o ff th e Trin ity Un iv ersity camp u s. 
He was in th e Army 21 y ears, an d h e learn ed q u ite a bit fro m h is u n u su al an d clo se ex p o su re to th e n a tio n ’s lead ers. 
H e’ll a s s u re y o u th e y ’re h u m an . 
Th ey h av e th eir weakn esses. 
Po liticia ns lie 
“ I really th in k all p o litician s tell lies.” 
All o f th em? 
“ Yeah . . . I’m n o t su re Nix o n to ld th e mo st lies. Nix o n ju st go t cau gh t. 
“ I really th in k th e m ajo rity o f th e 

7 "m no t sure Nix o n to ld the mo st lies . . . Nix o n just g o t ca ug ht 
’ 

 p u blic h as a go o d brain an d will listen to th e tru th if y o u tell th em ,” h e say s. 
Play in g watch d o g fo r th e p o werfu l was o n ly p art o f Sh elley ’s jo b with th e ex p lo siv e o rd n an ce u n it o f th e Army . 
His jo b also in clu d ed d isarm in g ev er­ y th in g fro m simp le bo mbs to n u clear weap o n s an d ev en gren ad es lo d ged in so ld iers. 
Th e Tex as n ativ e, wh o say s ex p lo ­ siv es can be u sed fo r co n stru ctiv e rea­ so n s as well as d estru ctiv e o n es, tested h is skills acro ss th e wo rld — fro m th e 
V ietn am W ar to th e w ar-to rn Su ez 
Can al zo ne. 
Sh elley alread y h as en o u gh sto ries to tell h is gran d kid s with o u t an y rep eats. 
Bu t it seem s u n likely h e wo u ld h av e settled in to a q u iet jo b at Trin ity . 
“ Th e reaso n I gav e u p th e wh o le th in g — I th o u gh t I w as tir e d o f trav elin g,” h e ex p lain s. 
He fo u n d o u t h e wasn ’t th at tired . He say s h is jo b at T rin ity is q u iet, to o q u iet. Nex t mo n th h e’s go in g back to th e ex p lo siv e b u sin ess — th is tim e wo rkin g with mo v ies. 
He’s alread y d o n e a little p art-tim e d abblin g with th e mo v ies. 
Bu t, no wr h e’ll be at it fu ll-time — makin g it lo o k like ban k ro bbers are rid d led with bu llets wh en th ey are n ’t an d like ex p e n siv e c a rs a re b ein g blo wn to bits wh en no t. 
Wh o kn o ws — y o u co u ld be seein g h is n am e in th e mo v ie cred its so m e­ time so o n. 

BOB SHELLEY traveled with the 
Presidents. 

NEW YORK TIMES SERVICE 

WASHINGTON — Th e Carter arn in - istratio n , wh ich is d raftin g a n ew im m igratio n p o licy fo r th e n atio n , rep o rted ly is h av in g seco n d th o u gh ts abo u t a p ro p o sal th at wo u ld gran t so me fo rm o f am n esty to man y o f th e estimated to tal o f six to eigh t millio n illegal alien s n o w in th e co u n try . 
Alth o u gh th ey stre s se d th a t th e m atter is still bein g d ebated an d d is­ cu ssed . an d th at th e p ro p o sal itself h as no t been aban d o n ed , sev eral Go v ern ­ men t so u rces rep o rt serio u s q u estio n s abo u t th e p lan were raised Tu esd ay at a meetin g with Presid en t Carter, an d th at th e meetin g en d ed with th e issu e far fro m reso lv ed . 
Mo re sp ecifically , th ey said th at sev eral p erso n s at th e sessio n , wh ich was atten d ed by abo u t 3o ran kin g 
Cabin et an d ad min istratio n o fficials, co mp lain ed th at no blan ket amn esty sh o u ld be mad e u n til better estimates are o btain ed o f ju st h o w man y p erso n s it wo u ld in v o lv e an d wh at so rt o f bu rd en s it wo u ld p lace o n o th er go ­ v ern men t agen cies. 
“ Th ere was so me co n cern abo u t th e so rt o f d rain th is co u ld p u t o n Go v ern ­ men t serv ices, su ch as u n emp lo y men t 

"So me o f the a g encies tha t ha ve to p ro d uce services think it's sca ry to g ra n t a mnesty witho ut k no wing fo r sure wha t the imp a ct will b e' 

 co m p en satio n , sch o o ls, m ed ical s e r­ e n e s an d w elfare,’- said o n e p erso n in v o lv ed in th e p lan n in g. “ So me o f th e agen cies th at h av e to p ro d u ce th ese s e rv ic e s th in k i t ’s s c a ry to gra n t am n esty w ith o u t kn o w in g fo r su re wh at th e imp act will be." 
An o th er co n cern rep o rted ly raised at th e m e e tin g was w h eth e r am n esty sh o u ld be gran ted in su ch a way th at it wo u ld simp ly p ro tect p erso n s alp ead v h ere again st d ep o rtatio n , o r wh eth er it sh o u ld be d o n e in a way th at wo u ld giv e th em tin* righ t to p etitio n to h av e sp o u ses, ch ild ren an d o th er relativ es en ter th e co u n try . 
“ It's a d ifficu lt p ro blem, may be an u n m an agable o n e,” said o n e p erso n wh o atten d ed th e meetin g. “ Bu t it’s safe to say th at we’re still wo rkin g at it, an d try in g righ t no w to h am m er it o u t." 

C arter h as said rep eated ly d u rin g h is camp aign th at h e in ten d ed to make sweep in g ch an ges in im m igratio n p o ­ licy . A cabin et-lev el gro u p h ead ed by 
Atty . Gen Griffin B. Bell an d Labo r 
S e c re ta ry Ray M a rs h a ll h as been w o rkin g fo r sev eral m o n th s o n th e p lan . 
Th e key p ro p o sals su bmitted by th e task fo rce called fo r a fo rm o f amn esty to illegal alien s wh o h av e been in th e co u n try fiv e y ears o r mo re, stro n ger bo rd er co n tro ls to d isco u rage illegal en try , an d p o ssib le civ il san ctio n s again st emp lo y ers wh o kn o win gly h ire illegal alien s as wo rkers 
In th e first sp eech h e m ad e after takin g o ffice, Bell to ld a M ex ican - 
American gro u p in Califo rn ia th at th ey bu ilt a le gitim a te e q u ity in th e co u n try , an d th at so meth in g so u ld be d o n e to legitimize th eir statu s. 
It co u ld n o t be learn ed immed iately wh o raised wh at o bjectio n s at Tu es- d a> s meetin g, bu t o n e so u rce said Bell h u d ex p resssed so me co n cern th at ad ­ m in istratio n o fficials wo u ld h av e to face th e fact th at “ th ese p eo p le h av e bro ken th e law ...an d th at th ey (th e ad m in istratio n ) also h av e an o bliga­ tio n to en fo rce th e law “ 
ANITA’S CRUSADE 

 sign . Th is is to sign ify th at th ey are 
“ fish ers o f m en ” — sav ers o f so u ls. 
Miss B ry an t cam e by h er religio n n atu rally . Sh e was bo rn 37 y ears ago in a p reach er’s bed . 
Her mo th er was carry in g h er wh ile o n a v isit to gran d m a’s h o u se in 
Barn sd all, Okla., wh en sh e wen t in to labo r, an d th e baby was bo rn in th e bed o f h er u n cle, th e Rev . Lu th er Berry . 
Sh e ap p eared d ead , an d th e d o cto r rev iv ed h er with altern ate d rau gh ts o f co ffee an d w h iskey . T o d ay , M iss 
Bry an t is so stro n gly o p p o sed to d rin k th at sh e refu se s n igh tc lu b e n ga ge ­ men ts. 
Gran d p a was a refin ery wo rker, u n ­ til h is ey es were seared by an ex p lo d ­ in g jet o f h o t tar. 
He tu rn ed to religio n wh ile ly in g in th e h o sp ital. Th ereafter, h e’d wan d er blin d ly ab o u t to w n , a p p ro a c h in g stran gers, an d d em an d in g “ Are y o u sav ed ?” 
Dad was an o ilfield ro u stabo u t, an d s o m e tim e s th e B ry a n ts liv ed in a trailer with n o th in g bu t th e wo o d s fo r a p riv y . Bu t th ey h ad religio n . 
Sunda y scho o l 

Miss Bry an t m ad e h er first p u blic ap p earan ce at age two , wh en sh e sto o d u p in th e Bap tist ch u rch at Barn sd all an d san g, “ Jesu s lo v es me, th is I kn o w 
. . . ” Sh e is kn o wn to th e p u blic as a sin ger o f p o p u lar ballad s; as a regu lar with th e Bo b Ho p e C h ristm as sh o w, brin gin g a v o ice fro m h o m e to o u r tro o p s o v erseas; an d fo r lead in g th e 
O ran ge Bo wl p arad e as th e v o ice o f 
Flo rid a o ran ge ju ice. 
Bu t sh e h as also written sev en bo o ks o n in sp iratio n th emes, an d regu larly 
J e a c h e s Su n d ay sch o o l at a M iam i 
Beach Bap tist ch u rch . 
Miss B ry an t relies h eav ily o n th e 
B ible fo r a r gu m e n ts in h er figh t again st h o mo sex u al righ ts — a fact th at is o ften lo st o n th e p u blic, becau se w h en sh e begin s ex p o u n d in g Scrip tu re th e TV in terv iewers cu t h er sh o rt an d th e rep o rters sto p takin g n o tes. 

An o th er iro n y in th e Miami issu e is th at th e wo man wh o sp o n so red th e h o ­ m o sex u al righ ts o rd in an ce is R u th 
Sh ack, th e wife o f Miss B ry an t’s agen t. 
An ita en d o rsed h er can d id acy , an d co n tribu ted $1,(1oo to h er camp aign . 
Sh e an d Miss Bry an t are as far ap art religio u sly as th ey a re p o litically . 
Wh ile Miss Bry an t was gro win g u p in a fu n d am e n talist B ap tist h o m e, M rs. 
Sh ack was bein g raised in a liberal 
Jewish h o me in New Yo rk. Her fath er was a fo u n d er o f th e Refo rm Tem p le o n Lo n g Islan d . 
Sh e rem em bers v iv id ly bein g 11 o r 
12 y ears o ld d u rin g Wo rld W ar II an d beco min g aware fo r th e first time th at millio n s o f Jew s were bein g m u rd ered in German y . 
“ Th ey were killed becau se th ey were u n p o p u lar,” say s Mrs. Sh ack, “ an d 1 rem em ber fearin g fo r my o wn life." 
Mrs. Sh ack h ad wo rked fo r sev eral liberal cau ses in Miami, bu t n ev er h eld p o litical o ffice befo re h er electio n in 
Sep tem ber to th e M etro p o litan Dad e 
Co u n ty Co mmissio n . Miami is ru n by th is metro p o litan fo rm o f go v ern men t. 
Befo re th e electio n , can d id ates fo r th e co m m issio n w ere in v ited by th e 
Dad e Co u n ty Co alitio n fo r th e H u m an ­ istic Righ ts o f Gay s to meet al a YMCA to h ear abo u t d iscrimin atio n . 
Mrs. Sh ack was o n e o f th o se wh o atten d ed , was en d o rsed by th e h o mo ­ sex u als, an d wo n th eir electio n . 
Ga y rig hts 
On e o f h er first acts as c o m m is ­ sio n er was to in tro d u ce a h o mo sex u al righ ts am en d men t to th e co u n ty ’s civ il righ ts o rd in an ce. It giv es th em p ro ­ tectio n fro m d iscrimin atio n in areas o f em p lo y m en t, h o u sin g an d p u blic ac ­ co mmo d atio n . 
Sh e sees Dad e Co u n ty ’s h o mo sex u al co mmu n ity as an o th er gro u p o f p eo p le bein g d en ied p ro tectio n o f th e law so ­ lely becau se th ey are u n p o p u lar. 
“ It is n o t illegal to be a h o mo sex u al in th e state o f Flo rid a,” sh e say s, “ an d we can n o t d en y th em civ il righ ts if th ey are in d eed law-abid in g, tax -p ay ­ in g m em bers o f th e co m m u n ity .” 
Miss Bry an t go t o n th e telep h o n e to 

Mrs. Sh ack an d tried to ch an ge h er p o sitio n , q u o tin g fro m Lev iticu s an d o th er sectio n s o f th e Bible. 
“ 1 p o in ted o u t th at 1 am a legislato r, n o t a th eo lo gian ," say s Mrs. Sh ack, 
"an d th at sin ce it is n o t illegal to be a h o mo sex u al, th ere is n o basis fo r h er argu m en ts.” 
Bu t Miss Bry an t fo u n d th e p ro p o sed amen d men t in to lerable. "It h its at th e v ery h eart o f Ch ristian ity ,” sh e say s. 
“ It’s like fo rcin g p o rk d o wn th e th ro at o f a Jew .” 
A h earin g o n th e am en d m en t was h eld last Jan u ary 18. Miss Bry an t d e­ cid ed to atten d , bu t was an x io u s abo u t an e n t e r ta i n e r m a kin g a p o litical statemen t. 
“ 1 h ad alway s av o id ed co n tro v ersial th in gs,” sh e say s. “ 1 was afraid . I’d walk th ro u gh th e h o u se, cry in g. Th en 
I’d th in k: ‘If Go d is fo r me, h o w can an y bo d y be again st m e?’ Th ere was a d iv in e d istu rban ce with in m e." 
Ju st befo re th e h earin g, sh e an d h er d au gh ter, Barbara, n arro w ly av o id ed a th r e e -c a r co llisio n . S h a ke n , M iss 
Bry an t p u lled o ff th e ro ad an d with 
B arbara o ffered a p ray er o f th an ks. 

Acco rd in g to Miss Bry an t, “ B arbara said , ‘Mo th er, if Go d can take care o f y o u h ere, wo n ’t He take cu re o f y o u in th e co u rtro o m ?’ Tears ro lled d o wn my ch eeks, an d I kn ew Go d was in co m ­ m an d .” 
At th e h earin g. Miss Bry an t waited h alf th e d ay wh ile th o se in fav o r o f th e am en d m en t h ad th eir say . 
Wh en it cam e h er tu rn to sp eak, sh e said : 
“ 1 co me h ere to d ay with no p reju d ice in my h eart, no h ate, n o an ger, o r ju d gmen t o f my fello w man . Bu t I d o co me with . . . a bu rd en o n my h eart fo r my co u n try . . . an d fo r o u r ch il­ d ren . 
“ I’m sp eakin g to y o u to d ay n o t as an en tertain er wh o h as wo rked with h o ­ mo sex u als all my life — an d I h av e n ev er d iscrim in ated again st th em ; 1 h av e th e p o licy o f liv e-an d -let-liv e as lo n g as th ey d o n o t d is c r i m in a te 

 again st me. 
“ I ’m a wife an d a m o th er, an d 1 e s p ec ially a d d r e s s y o u to d ay as a mo th er. I h av e th e Go d -giv en righ t to be jealo u s fo r a mo ral en v iro n men t fo r my ch ild ren . 
“ I remin d y o u th at Go d wh o m ad e u s co u ld h av e mad e u s like th e sea tu rtle wh o co mes in th e d ark o f n igh t an d bu ries h er eggs in th e san d an d n ev er cares abo u t h er ch ild ren again . Bu t He mad e u s so o u r ch ild ren wo u ld be d e­ p en d en t o n th e ir p a re n ts fo r th e ir liv es, an d 1 fo r o n e will d o ev ery th in g in my p o wer as a citizen , as a Ch ris­ tian , an d esp ecially as a m o th er to in su re th at th ey h av e th e righ t to a h ealth y an d mo rally go o d life ” 
Public vote 
Immed iately after th at, sh e fo rmed an o rga n iz a tio n c a lle d “ Sav e O u r 
C h ild re n ’’ to cam p aign again st th e am en d m en t. Wh en it p assed n o n eth e­ less, Sav e Ou r Ch ild ren began circu ­ latin g p etitio n s callin g u p o n th e co m ­ missio n Its eith er rep eal th e a m e n d ­ men t o r p u t it to a p u blic v o te. 
Mo re th an 64,ooo p eo p le sign ed th e p etitio n s, an d th e co mmissio n au th o r­ ized a sp ecial referen d u m electio n fo r th is d u n e 7 at an e s tim a ted co st o f 
$4oo,ooo. 
Bo th s id e s a r e w a gin g a stro n gly -w o rd ed electio n cam p aign 
On e “ Sav e Ou r C h ild ren ’’ ad v e rtise­ m en t s ta rts o u t: “ Ho m o sex u ality is n o th in g n ew. Cu ltu res th ro u gh o u t h is­ to ry . mo reo v er, h av e d ealt with h o mo ­ sex u als am o st u n iv ersally with d is­ d ain , abh o ren eo , d isgu st — ev en d eath 
“ W h ile tim e s c e rta in ly h av e ch an ged , an d American so ciety largely lias d ev elo p ed an attitu d e o f to leran ce, th at to leran ce . . . is based o n th e u n ­ d e rs ta n d in g th at h o m o sex u als will keep th eir d ev iate activ ity to th e m ­ selv es, will n o t flau n t th eir lifesty les, will n o t be allo wed to p reach th eir sex u al stan d ard s to , o r o th erwise in ­ flu en ce, im p re ssio n a b le y o u n g p eo ­ p le.” 

M TV/Ll ): " T h ere's n o h u m a n rig h t to co rru p t ttu r c h ild re n " 

K en tu cky , 
L o u isia n a, 
N e b r a s ka , 
Orego n an d Wisco n sin . 
In ad d itio n , th e Defen se D ep artm en t said 16 sta te s ex em p t m ilita ry p ay fro m tax atio n an d o r w ith h o ld in g o f tax es. 

T h ey w ere liste d as A rka n s a s , 
Califo rn ia, Geo rgia, Main e, M in n eso ­ ta, M ississip p i, M isso u ri, Oh io , O k­ lah o m a, West V irgin ia, Illin o is, M i­ ch igan , Vermo n t, Alaska, Arizo n a an d 
Mo n tan a. 

T h e 1o re m a in in g s ta te s a r e n o t ex p ected to p articip ate in th e wih th - o ld in g p ro gram, th e Pen tago n said . 
T h ey a re C o n n e cticu t, F lo r i d a , 
Nev ad a, New Hamp sh ire, No rth Dako ­ ta, So u th Dako ta, Ten n essee, Tex as, 
Wash in gto n an d Wy o min g. 

Th e fed eral go v ern men t was barred fro m with h o ld in g state in co me tax es fro m military p ay u n til Co n gress v o ted last y ear to allo w su ch with h o ld in g by th e U.S. Treasu ry . 

La st cha nce lo st fo r bing o 

EXPRESS-NEWS CAPITOL RURtAU 

AUSTIN — Th e Ho u se late F’rid ay n igh t all bu t killed an y ch an ce fo r Tex an s to d ecid e wh eth er o r n o t to legalize bin go gam es an d raffles as ch arity fu n d raisin g ev en ts. 
Sen ate Jo in t Reso lu tio n 3 failed to get th e 1oo v o tes n ecessary fo r ad o p tio n , alth o u gh it will be giv en a seco n d ch an ce Satu rd ay . 
SJR3 calls fo r a state-wid e referren d u m in 197 8 o n amen d in g th e co n stitu tio n to ex emp t ch arity bin go an d raffles fro m th e ban o n su ch gam es o f ch an ce. 

Sin ce th e m e asu re p ro p o ses a co n stitu tio n al am en d m en t, it req u ired 1oo o f th e 15o Ho u se m em bers’ v o tes fo r ad o p tio n . 
Th e m easu re d id get a majo rity o f th e v o tes cast — 
7 o-to -57 — an d was tech n ically p assed to th ird read in g, req u irin g th e seco n d an d fin al v o te, 
Ho wev er, th e bill’s Ho u se sp o n so r. Rep . Ben n ie 
Bo ck II o f New Brau n fels, co n ced ed “ th e ch an ce o f tu rn in g u p 3o v o tes o v ern igh t su re lo o k slim .” 

Rep , Jam es No wlin o f San An to n io was th e o n ly m em ber o f th e Bex ar Co u n try Ho u se d elegatio n to v o te again st th e bill. 
Th e bill, by Sen . F ra n k Lo m bu rd in o o f San 
An to n io , p assed th e Sen ate in mid -March an d h as been in Ho u se co mmittees sin ce. 

Bo ck’s p leas to “ let th e p eo p le o f th e state d ecid e” were ap p aren tly o ffset by argu m en ts wh ich in clu d ed su ch warn in gs as Mafia an d o rgan ized crime. 
Bo ck stressed th e fact ev en sh o u ld th e p eo p le v o te to legalize bin go an d raffles, th e legislatu re wo u ld still h av e to co me back in 197 9 an d ratify th e actio n . 

“ We will th en be able to write law to in su re again st abu ses,” h e said . 

Th e bill sp ecified all p ro ceed s fro m bin go an d raffles m u st be co n d u cted by n o n -p ro fit, ch aritable o rgan izatio n s an d th e p ro ceed s m;st be sp en t fo r ch aritable p u rp o ses with in th e state. 

Ba r budg et is a ppro v ed 

AUSTIN 
(AP) - 
S tate 
B a r o f 
T ex as d ire c to rs ap p ro v e d 
F rid a y a $2.5 m illio n bu d get fo r fiscal 197 7 , an in crease o f abo u t $25o,(M)o o v er th e p resen t bu d get. 

T h e la rge s t s h a re o f th e fcu d get, $7 15,ooo, is 

 e a rm arked fo r co n tin u ­ in g legal ed u catio n . 
Du es in co me, wh ich is wh ere th e bar gets mo st o f its fu n d s, is ex p ected to to tal $1.5 m illio n in 
197 7 -7 8. Bar o fficials said th at th e b ar will fin ish th e c u rre n t fiscal y ear with a cash su rp lu s, 

DAY SPECIAL 

SOLITAIRES 

SALE 
PRICE* 

35oo. 
I 
42oo. 

TO SERVE YOU. 

Ed , m ACCEPT 
AU MAJOR 
CREDIT CARDS 

 l i a s Pla ta 
731 LW. Military m ~4W\ 

Page \ 6-A 
Son Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— Saturday May 28 19 7 7 
Bro wn: All co mba t units will g o 

 lO S ANGELES TIMES SERVICE 

SFX)l'L — G(*n . Gt'o riit* S. Brcmn , ch airman o f th e Jo in t diicfs o f Staff, an n o u n ced Friday th at all U.S. g ro u n d co mbat trtio p s —■ in clu din g missile u n its k n o wn to h av e tactical n u clear w<‘ap o n s ~ wo u ld be with drawn fro m 
So u th Ko rea. 
Bro wn made th e statemen t in a n ews co n feren ce h e h eld with Ph ilip (!. 
Habib, u n d ( 'r s ( ‘C J 'e t a r y o f stale, befo re th e two sp ecial p residen tial en v o y s dep arted fo r To k y o . 
Alth o u g h Presiden t Carter h as an ­ n o u n ced h e will with draw g ro u n d fo rct's fro m Ko rtsi in fo u r to fiv ey t'ars. n eith er th e Presiden t n o r an y o n e else 

 h as sp elled o u t befo re h o w man y o f th e 
32,(M)h American g ro u n d fo rces wo u ld be with drawn n o r h av e an y co mmen ts been made abo u t with drawal o f n u ­ clear weap o n s. 
Bro wn said: “ Th ere will be so me remain in g U.S. Army so ldiers wh o se du ties will be to su p p o rt th e Air Fo rce u n its th at stay h ere an d p ro v ide co m­ mu n icatio n s an d lo g istic su p p o rt.” 
Th en , ask ed if th e with draw als wo u ld in clu de U.S. m issile u n its, w h ich are k n o w n to h av e g ro u n d tacti­ cal n u clear weap o n s. Bro wn resp o n d­ ed: 
“ All th e co mbat u n its (will g o ).” 
Neith er Bro wn n o r Habib said an - 

’*1 d o ii’f think the withd ra wa l with the co mp ensa ­ to ry a ctums we will wo rk o ut with the Ko rea ns will und uly increa se the risk o f w a r’ 

 y th in g abo u t tactical n u clear weap o n s k n o wn to be in th e p o ssessio n o f th e 
U.S. Air Fo rce u n its, wh ich Carter h as said wo u ld remain h ere. 
Arn id u n co n firmed rep o rts th at th e 
So u th Ko rean g o v ern men t h ad th rea­ ten ed to dev elo p n u clear weap o n s ca­ p ability o f its o wn if th e Un ited States with drew its n u clear weap o n s, Habib an d Bro wn twice refu sed to co mmen t o n th e issu e. 

Th ey referred to U.S. p o licy to av o id p u blic .statemen ts abo u t th e dep lo y ­ men t o f n u clear weap o n s. 
Gen . Bro wn was ask ed if h e h ad 
“ mo llified” h is o wn g en erals abo u t th e p lan n ed with drawal — a referen ce to 
Maj. Gen . Jo h n K. Sin g lau b, th e ch ief o f staff o f U.S. fo rces in Ko rea, wh o m 
Carter remo v ed fro m h is p o st fo r de­ clarin g p u blicly th at rem o v al o f g ro u n d fo rces wo u ld lead to war. 

“ Did I mo llify th em? I do n ’t k n o w. 
Yo u ’ll h av e to ask th em,” h e said. 

“ I certain ly do n ’t th in k th e with ­ draw al o f th e 2 n d Div isio n o n th e sch edu le an d in th e man n er (p lan n ed) 
— with th e co mp en sato ry actio n s we will wo rk o u t with th e Ko rean s — will u n du ly in crease th e risk o f war. Th at’s a v iew th at’s sh ared by th e Jo in t Ch iefs o f Staff an d by o u r in tellig en ce o rg an ­ izatio n s “ 
Habib said h e an d Bro wn co n sidered req u ests m ade by P re side n t P ark 
Ch u n g llee fo r “ co mp en sato ry mea­ su res” to stren g th en So u th Ko rea’s o wn armed fo rces “p erfectly reaso n a­ ble an d ratio n al.” 
GEN. GEORGE S. BROWN 
. . . tells of withdrawal 

FATHER’S DAY 
SPECIAL 

^ 
4 9 9 ^ 
^ 
AJAX 

FOR A $7oo.oo GRANDFATHER CLOCK 

The STATESMAN reflects 19th century American charm and quality. Enclosed by glass on the front and side ponéis, the eight day weight driven Westminster chimes will echo your family s heritoge for centuries to come. Constructed of fine cherry, the precision timepiece stands 78" toll. 
»ee SET 

WATER 
HEATER 

 r w r r m v iin r r r x 
PROFESSIONAL CLOCK SMITH 

CHARIOTTS CLOCK SHOP 

2o1 5 A U STIN H W Y . 
J L C / T 
A A A I 
BttwMn [isenhouar t Woliem Id. 
I 

FREIGHT DAMAGE 
SALE ON 
TUBS, SINKS, AND 
UVATORIES 

COMMODE 
(WHITE ONIY) 
$oo95 
2 9 

AVAILABLE ALSO 
IN COLORS 
AJAX PLUMBING CO. 
“ HAVE TOCSIS, WILL TRAVEL” 
G u a ra n te e d P lu m b in g R ep a irs & S e w e r Service 

^ 1 1 W . C o m m e rc e (at 2 9 th) 
4 3 4 - 2 3 o 3 

TWO PIECE 
LIVINC ROOM 
INCLUDES BOTH 
SOFA AND CHAIR 

SATURDAY A MONDAY ONLY 
W RANGLER 
JEANS 
• Style #345 DEN • FLARES ONLY 
• Style #945 DEN • Regular $13.oo 
• 1oo% Cotton 
• NO REFUNDS OR 
Blue Denim 
EXCHANGES 
$ 

 rst Quality limitad to tilt t quantity in stock. 
WESTERN STORE 

ONE LOCATION ON THE 
NORTHSIDE IN CASTLE HILLS 
B A N K A M E R iC A R O 
M A S TE R C H A R G E 

OPEN 
ID TO 6 

1931 N.W. MILITARY HIGHWAY 
341-41o1 
IN CASTLE HILLS esutapiET sau 

CASH ’N CARRY SPECIALS 

OZITE INDOOR OUTDOOR CARF>ET 

GRASS TURF CARPET 

ARMSTRONG SHAG 
(rubber foamback) 

COMMERCIAL LEVEL LOOP (on loom) 

 reg. $3.95 

 rcg. $5.95 

 reg. $7.95 

 reg. $6.95 

>5 
. sq. yd. 

 sq. yd. 

$ ^ 9 S 

D o w n t o w n 
WE C A N ’T BE B EA T 

D is c o u n t 
- 
C a rp e t ^ 
DISCOUNT CARPET 
WAREHOUSE 

APPLIANCE & EQUIPMENT CO. INC. 
2317 VANCE JACKSON RD. 
734-7793 
733-o334 
YOUR FULL LINE CB/HAM RADIO CENTER 
DIRECT FACTORY OUTLET 

Here’s what you get when you run with #1. 

. 225-44o1 125 W .CEVALLO S 
Turn East from IH-35 on So. LsrorSo Ext 

MIDLAND’S 

MOST POPULAR 4o-CHANNEl 
FULL POWER AM 
MOBILE CB TRANSCRIVER 

MODEl 
NOW 
» 77-857 

SUGGESTED RETAIL $169.95 

•CLIP A N D S A V E ---------- 
TACO 
BELL 
FAMILY SPECIAL 
TACOS 

( FRIJOE ('/i PINT) 

I BEEFY TOSTADA 
! ENCHIRITO • • 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
« • • • • 

ARC 
O N LY 2 7 ’ 
1 

O N LY 27* 

424 
O N LY 27* 
1 
ASH' 
O N LY 27* 
1 

O N LY 
56 * 

O N LY 
56 * 
1 

OFFER GOOD ONIY^WiVh THIS COUPON AT 
3667 FREDERICKSBURG RD. 
(aeroiu fro m N .W . 5ho}»ping Center) 

HAWAII 
9 OAYS/B NIGHTS 
LAS VEGAS 

4 DAYS/3 NIC$HTS 
ACAPULCO 

4 DAYS/3 NIGHTS 
MEXICO CITY 

4 DAYS/3 NIGHTS 
8 24-1412 
TOLL FREE 1 - 8 o o — 292-72o4 

6 838 Son Pedro, Son Antonio 78216 

GOLD BOND ORTHOPSDIC 

TW IN SIZE 
LIST. . .$1 9 9 .9 o 
O U R 
PRICE 
* 1 o 3 ® ® 

FULL SIZE 
LIST. . .$2 6 9 .o o 

MATTRESS & BOX SPRINGS 

Q U E EN SIZE 
LIST. . .$3 2 9 .9 5 
O U R 
PRICE 
* 1 6 5 ® ® 
K IN G SIZE 
LIST. . .$4 6 9 .9 5 
O U R 
PRICE *314®® 

PRICE 
2o-YR. LIMITED 
WARRANTY X 
QUILTED TOP « J 
We carry solid oak Owosso bedroom sets. 
THE BEDROOM CENTER 
Hours: Won. thru Friday, 1o o.m. to 8 p.m. 
Soturdoy 9 o.m. to 6 p.m. 
________________________ 
4 3 3 -9 o 7 1 
1 5 5 o B a n d e ra 

MOD““ OFF-SAVE TODAY! I 

8 3o seri es 
BERNINA 

^ E E C T W m 
C 
NEEDLE 
POWER 

WI TH 

# Insures the full piercing rorce through rnicK and thin, fost or slow. ★ no tension adjustments ★ the 

 fomous impopoble stretch stitch for pressed open seoms presser foot knee litter ★ automatic but­ tonholes ond much, much more. 

BERNINA SEWING CENTER 
114o9 WEST AVE. 
344-3766 

AS ADVERTISED ON TV 
THE WORKING ARTIST 
ART SALE 

THIS SUNDAY 1o:oo A.M.-5:oo P.M. 

NOTHING OVER 
MOST UNDER 
»35* 
»2o 

* INCLUDING BEAUTIFUL SOFA-SIZE PAINTINGS 

YOU SAVE MI DDLE M A N M ARK UP 
IDEAL FOR GIFTS 

WORKS BY PROFESSIONAL ARTISTS FROM SEVERAL 
COUNTRIES AND DEFINITELY NOT BY AMATEUR 
ARTISTS AND STUDENTS. — AT OUR REGULAR 
LOW PRICES 
FNtEE ADMISSION 

SAN ANTONIO 
CONVENTION CENTER 
AT MARKET A ALAMO STREETS 

AAARKEÎ 

O l b 

 i/t 

1 

 hemisfair 
PLAZA 

ÔÜRÂNGO 

San Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— Sa turda y Moy 2 8 1 9 7 7 
Poge • 1 -B 
« IFK’s last call may hav e been to Garner 
Gamer lives in Uva ld e memo ries 

The last telephone call J ohn 
F. Kennedy made may hav e been to Uv alde. 
J ohn Nance Garner was 9 5 y ears old that day — Nov . 22 
19B3. 
¡’resident KenntMly called the former v K-e president to wish him a happy birthday . 
Tht're is reason to believ e the call was made from the presidential plane in which President and Mrs. Kennedy and Gov . and Mrs. fonnally were fly ­ ing from Fort Worth to Lov e Field in 
Dallas. 
On their arriv al at Lov e H eld, the 
Kennedy 's and the Connally s got in the presidential automobile — its bubble top of bullet-proof glass unused — and headed a motorcade through cheering 
Dallas crowds. 
President Kennedy was shot at 12:3o p.m. 
The call to Garner cam e “ about two hours before w e heard the terrib le 

Whe n Pre s ide nt John F. Ke nne dy c a lle d John Ga rne r Nov . 72, 1 9 63 . to w^ish him a ha ppy 9 5 th birthda y , 
Mrs . M a ry Sa la za r a ns we re d the te le phone . 
M rs . 
S a la za r wa s 
Ga rne r's de v ote d hous e k e e pe r- a tte nda nt during his fina l y e a rs . 

 news that the P resid en t had been shot.” 
The story of the telephone call is well known in Uv alde. But the ev ents of that day and those that followed were so ov erw helming if the call to Garner was publicized ov er the nation, it was lost. 
Bonnie and I were told of the Ken­ nedy telep h on e c all to G arner in 
Uv alde last weekend. 
We went there to do this story on some little-known episodes in Garner’s long career. And we wanted to tell of the ex ceptionally interesting Garner 
Museum. 
We got the idea for the Garn(*r story from an in trig u in g colum n in the 
Uv alde Leader-News sev eral months ago. The column was written by Pub­ lisher Harry Hornby J r., a close friend of Garner in Garner’s later y ears. 
Cal Newton, ex ecutiv e v ice president of the Uv alde Chamber of Commerce, arranged a number of interv iews for us. 
One was with Mrs. J ewel Kincaid, a neighbor and c lo se friend of the 
Garners, who, at the family ’s request, screened Garner’s interv iews during his last y ears. 

Ga rne r's 9 o th birthda y pa rty — a nd a good time wa s ha d by a ll! 
The powe r a nd the glory of the De moc ra tic pa rty — a nd 5 ,o o o we ll-wis he rs c utting a c ros s the politic a l s pe c trum we re in Uv a lde 
Nov . 2 2 , 1 9 5 8. Ca c tus Ja c k , s e c ond from right, is te lling a s tory to 

 a n a ppre c ia tiv e trio ~ from le ft, LBJ, Ha rry Truma n a nd Spe a k e r 
Sa m Ra y burn.The na me of the photogra phe r who ma de the pic ture c ould not be de te rmine d. 

Garner called her “ Cap’n.” 
“ Harry Hornby headed that big 9 oth birthday party for Mr. Garner,” Mrs. 

Kincaid said. “ But after that the cus­ tom was for Uv alde people to gather in his front y ard on his birthday . Garner would come out and talk with them. 
“ On that 9 3th birthday , the house- keeper-nurse cam e out to the gather­ ing to tell Mr. Garner he was wanted on the telephone. 
“ I walked with him up the steps but did not go inside. As he cam e out he said: 
“ ’That w as the P resid en t of the 
United S tates w ish ing m e a happy birthday .’” 
Newton had also giv en us the name of M rs. M ary S alazar, the house- keeper-nurse who had been Garner's aftendant during the last y ears. The late Tully Garner, the v ice president’s son. had arranged for her to do so. 
Mrs. Kincaid called Mrs. Salazar for us. 

Our interv iew with Mrs. Sala'/ar. alone in the quiet liv ing room of her m other’s home, was one of the most mov ing we hav e ev er had, 
“ That m orning when Mr. Garner went out in the y ard for his birthday p arty ,’’ Mrs. Salazar said , “ I w as alone in the house. The telephone rang and I answt'red it. 
“ ’This is J ohn F. Kennedy . I want to wish Mr. Garner a happy birthday .’ 
“ The President then said he was on his way from Fort Worth to Dallas. 
“ I told the P re sid en t that Mr. 
Garner was at his birthday party , that 
I would go out and tell him who was callin g and that 1 thought he would come, 
“ ‘I would appreciate it,’ the Presi­ dent said. 
“ I w ent out and told him and he came inside. I closed the door behind 

 me but two newspapermen managed to squc(‘ze in, 1 fli(*n locked the kjlchcai door and by this tinn' Mr. Garner was talking with the President. 
“ Before loo long 1 gav e him his for­ mula (in his last y ears. Garner first liei'ame a v egetarian and finally ate only a formula Mrs Salazar blended of eggs, milk and v anilla flav oring) and put him to bed. 
“ Ray Scott (one of the men Tully 
Garner had stay ing with his fath(T) was watching TV. Suddenly In' shout­ ed: 
“ Mary ! Mary ! ('om e h<>re quick. 
They ’v e pist shot Kennedy !” 
“ As I remember it, we got Sutth‘ to 
<‘om e (D . W. S uttle, long G arner’s lawy er and now a federal .jndge in S‘an 
Antonio) and prepare Mr. Garner for the news. Suttle was lik« ' a son to him .” 
But m ost m ov ing of all was Mrs. 

S alazar’s soft-v oK ’cd fe llin g of 
Garner’s last y ear or two and tlu'u tlw' final last month. Iter dev otion to his 
(•ar(‘ was a touching story 
Ni'wfon also arranmsl lor iis to f.ilk v \illi Miuris Barrow 
Husky , friendly 
Barrov t, who had been a (» (diceman, was hiri'd by Tully Garner to liv e at his fath er’s hom e tiarrow w as with 
Garner thrci* and a half y ears, starting in 19H2. 

In tim e, there wt're three ot inese sei'urity num. One, Don L arg(\ was with Garner and the family wln'u 
Garni'r died. 
“ Mr. Garner was a proud man, " 
Barrow said. “ Ib‘ was 9 3 wlu'u I first went tliere but he nev er wanted any ­ body to help him. You couldn’t loui h 

See CACTUS J ACK, Page BR 

 n ifM 
SATURDAY SIZZLERS 
Truckload Sale 

*2o off 
Ward s Vz h p p ain t co mp resso r 
*9 9 
Reg u larly 1 1 9 .9 9 

Deliv ers 1.5 scfm at 4o psi. 
Max imum 
1oo psi. 
7'/2- gallon tank. 

Sav e 
‘5 o 

Co n v en ien t 1 /3 -h p airless p ain t sp ray er. p ray s latex and o il-b ase 
^ aints uniformly on most 
$ ^ 3 fZ irfaces. Gun, 15' hose. mmi V r 
Regularly 319 .9 9 

1/2 off 

W ard s eco n o mical 2-g aI. latex p ain t lets y o u sav e. 

2-gallon pail 
Regularly 19 .9 8 

It doesn’t cost a fortune to giv e y our home a brand new white coat. Wards Latex House Paint goes on easily and dries to a flat finish. And when y ou’re ready to clean up, soapy water is all y ou need. 

BUY IT NOW --NO DOWN PAYMENT IS REQUIRED ON PURCHASES YOU ADD TO YOUR WARDS CHARG ALL ACCOUNT 
W e ’ ll h e lp y o u .m P f } ^ 

WONDERLAND MALL 
Fred erick sb u rg Rd . at Lo o p 4 1 o 
Op en 1 o A.M. u n til 9 P.M. d aily 

McCRELESS MALL 
So . New Brau n fels at So u th cro ss 

’ 
Op en 1 o A.M. u n til 9 P.M. d aily 

WINDSOR PARK MALL 
IH 3 5 No rth at W ab em Ro ad 
Op en 1 o A.M. u n til 9 P.M. d aily 

LACKLAND PLAZA 
RANDOLPH PLAZA 
7 5 6 9 Hig h way 9 o W est 
9 oo Pat Bo o k er Ro ad 
Op en 1 o A.M. u n til 9 P.M. d aily 
Op en 1 o A M . u n til 9 P.M. d aily 
W ard s Neig h b o rh o o d sto res 

Po ge 
2-B 
San Anto nio EXPRESS-NEWS—So turdo y Mo y 28 19 7 7 
Stä r* Studded Ho lidä y Sä le 

Sec Wards 
Master Tire 
Specialist fo r all y o ur tire needs. savings 

Steel-belted radial whitewalls blemished tires. 

• 2 radial plies o f po ly ester co rd 
• 2 fiberglass belts and 1 steel belt. 

Whitewall 
Sisc 
Reg. 
Prl?e 
SALE 
Price 

BR7 o-13 
52.oo 
31.2o 
2.25 
ER7 o-14 
6 5.oo 
39 .oo 
^ 
2.6 7 
FR7 o-14 
6 9 .oo 
41.4o 
2.8 6 
GR7 o-14 
7 4.oo 
44.4o 
3.oo 
HR7 o-14 
8 o.oo 
48 .oo 
3.29 
Gk7 o-IS 
7 9 .oo 
47.4o 
3.o5 
HR7 o-1S 
8 6 .oo 
51.6 o 
3.27 

MUmil UMtTEO AS iONO AS YOU 
OWN CAR WARRANTY 

Mort» go^e*-y W o» d wfjrp oni« » fh*s « r'u íHf» ogomst foiltrre and will Hifmsh a rep kicemenf 
♦fee if ti foiU for o% bog os y oo own » be tof on wbith mítotíed if Words ongificiUly m^toilecl rHe iT Mfttl in^tQll fbe fr^ 
Ki« toitaf>on of r« p locemeni a no< mt(wd# d 

Tbps Ywarroniy dne» not « ov e» my ffim mstoU ed on v ehi<ile% foP Otber tKy n p efsonoi c»f 
♦cifn 'v y ^e CK mu ffiers dom oged bv Otnden» o* u Ou v e 

1 1, » w o rrQ nty w>« v» <i- /e f j f n m . m , , « . •’ » e gi.'t*ed evidence c»f p»>f<Hiise ’ • n«*» AAon* 
Çs^mery Word bf«5n<♦* (ony b'«jn«h hownij 

 m%to Mo t>o n Iwiiities if free « n s tu 'b t’o n 

 t iu d e d ‘ 

USesr# » , 

I w '•'iSiClÍMtaÚAl 
> 'i 
^ 

27-32% 

NO TRADE-IN NEEDED 
Sale priced thru J une 7 . 

TIBELESS 
BLACKWALL 
SIZE 

REGULAR 
PRICE 
EACH 

SALE 
PRICE 
EACH 

PLUS 
FE.T. 
EACH 
A78 -13 
$33 
$23 
1.73 
E78 -14 
$4o 
$28 
2.26 
F78 -14 
$44 
$31 
2.42 
G78 -14 
$47 
$33 
2.58 
H78 -14 
$49 
$33 
2.8 o 

A78 -15 
$37 
$27 
1.9 3 
G78 -15 
$48 
$34 
2.65 
H78 -15 
$5o 
$36 
2.8 8 
L78 -15 
$66 
$38 
3.12 
No trade-in needed. W h itewalls $4 more each . 

R adial retreads— any size in sto ck 

* 

 fo r 
Plus F.E.T. each tire 

5T 
V..-' ... .. yji«.. s..-.. 

S t e e l - be i t e d rad ia l w h itew alls at bu dget-sav ing p rices. 
*Plu s 28* to 58* F.E.'l'. each tire. 
6 .11 o ff. 
Wards Supreme. To ugh built, silent muffler. 

8 8 
Regularly 18 .9 9 

NO TRADE-IN REQUIRED 

B u ilt for s tre ng th . Lock’seani h eads fig h t ba c kfire . Zinc c oa ting , i nt e r ­ na! drainage sy stem resist corrosion. 
15*r o ff all o ther Wards mufflers in sto ck. 

Value 
Our air filter helps y o ur car run clean. 
Help s imp rov e W ards p rice mileage. Fits 
o 6 6 
US cars. 
Jit most US cars. 

29 % o ff. 

Do it y o urself with 
2o "'dia lug wrench. 
Bu ilt to last ^ Qo 
3/4". 13/16 ". x o o 
7/8 " op enings; screwdriv er 
Reg. 5.49 

Save *12 
Smo ke detecto r helps guard y o ur ho me. 
So lid-state alarm em its 
#% p ,V Q Q warning signal when bat- ^ ^ 7 O O 

Regularly 39 .9 5 tery is lo w. UL listed. 

' ■ 
o 

' ' 
-« W. ' 
Save * l -*6 

 j i i i i 
O' 

Enjo y warm weather with po pular o utdo o r games. 

® Challenging lawn darts, 6 .9 9 3. fH Fast-paced Trac Ball^, 1o.9 9 6 .9 
H] 4-play er badminto n set, 12.9 9 8 .4 9 
[p] Vo lley ball set, reg. 1o.9 9 
7 . 
[II Pele’ rubber so ccer ball, 12.9 9 9 . fl] "Plus 36 o" skatebo ard, 22.9 9 16 . 
4-play er cro quet w/cart, 16 .9 9 H . 
[h] ‘’To urnament” Frisbee", 3.9 9 2. 
. ^ ^ ^ ^ a v e i . l f 
18 x 7 2” So lar-X^ reflective film. 
88 

Reg. 9 .9 9 , ro ll 
Insu lates against h eat and cold. Stop s glaore, fading. Prov ides p riv acy . 
32x 6 o” , reg.13.9 9 , 12.8 8 
3 6 x 7 8 ” , reg. 19 .9 9 , 17 .8 8 

Wards ro o my 9 x l2-ft ny lo n cabin tent. 
Straig ht w alls, 7 ' peak. 
Weighs just 2o po unds. 

Regularly 149 .9 9 
8 x lo-ft., reg. 9 9 .9 9 
74.8 8 

LOOKING FOR A WAY TO SIMPLIFY YOUR MONTHLY BUDGETING? MAYBE A WARDS CHARG-ALL ACCOUNT IS THE ANSWER 
Shop US for th e good bu y s. [CETrTil 

WONDERLAND MALL 
McCRELESS MALL 
WINDSOR PARK MALL 
LACKLAND PLAZA 
RANDOLPH PLAZA 

Frederkkthurg Rd. at Lo pp 41o 
Open 1o A.M. u.itii 9 P.M. daily 

So. New Braunfelt at So utherms 
Open 1o A.M. until 9 P.M. daily 
IN 3$ No rth at Waliem Ro ad 
Open 1o A.M. until I P.M. daily 
7549 Highway 9o Weet 
9oo Pal Booker Ro ad 
Many item s in this sectio n available at Wards Neighbo rho o d sto res 

 t i • 

Son Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— Saturday May 28 ! 97 7 

»3o off. 

Wards 2o** push rotary lawn mowers with 3V2-hp Briggs & Stratton engine. 

[aJ Get mowing. Get W ards 2o-in. push rotary. AvSsurevS fast, reliable starts with easysnin recoil action. 
Keeps going tn rough heaviest 

Model 37 31o 

4-hp self-propelled 22" rear bagger. 
Trims closely with either m ^ 
\ Q 
o side. Rear drive assures sure-wheeled traction. 
Regularly 27 9 .9 9 

 grasses as automatic choke pro­ vides constant cutting power. 
Sidect cutting hts with manual-set ht adjusters. 
Long-life deck tor years of service. 

Ll] yourself behind W ards 2o- in. push rotary. 'Furbo-chamlier steel deck lifts grass for smooth cut. Great for bagging, too. Quick, easy starting wit vc*rtical pull- and-|io action. Instant ht adjusters for ^vway selection. Auto chokt» provides constant cutting power. 
Grass catcher, reg. low 
. . . . 19 .9 9 
99 
8 8 

Regularly 129 .9 9 

Model 37 118 

Regularly 149 .9 9 

Model 37 18 5 

*3o off. 

2o " rear-bagger with SVz-hp 
Briggs & Stratton engine. 

1.11 off. 

Gardener’s choice . . . hoe, shovel, or rake. 

Stam ped blade O 88 h o e, 14 " w i d e m eac h rake, or round Reg. 3.99 point shove!. 

169«* 
Reg. 19 9 .9 9 

Rfc^ar-mounted grains catcher cases m ow ing around obstacles. V acuuni-action design assu res clea n cu ttin g , efficien t bagging. 
P u ll and-go in stan t startin g . 

Save *1o 

 afack s Decker 
Save 2.11 
B&D 13 ' single edge hedge/shrub trimmer. 

2.2 amp motor. 1 9 8 8 

Model 2o1o 
Sturdy handle, safety sw itch . Reg. 21.99 
IH " doiihle . d«»% 
26.8 8 

Weed Eater " “ Needie” trims, edges, sweeps. 

Model 2oo2 

C u ts 16" path Reg. 7 9.95 with nylon line. 
^ g g 
4-amp motor. 
69 

Save 2.11 
Great value! V2"x5o' vinyl reinforced hose. 
S ta y s flex ib le Reg. 5.99 in temps from 
4 2 to HH) V 
^ 
*'»’*x5o’ reinforced hose, 5.8 8 

5o'X, off.* 
Wards galvanized steel chain link fencing fabric. 

* S a h * p r u ' * ’ nn t«*mc t . i b ru * i i p p l o ' ^ t m l \ w h e n f»urrha> <ed w i t h p u I - , t u p l iHl . i ll t i n p - a n d g a i t — —it 
W. ii al^ r e g u l a r luv^ p r u t u r e t j u i r e d tor a l u t n p l e l e reMrleiit la I le ne e 

O u r econom ical tenc- tug hfdps guard yn u r y a rd , c h ild r e n , p ets, p riv a c y , and rtHpiires li t t le m a in ttm a m « * 
M any heights and (pial tl P'S tfvailah le P a ll us lor IVt‘e estim ate 

Wonderland 
. . 654-238 8 
McCrele»* 
. 
654-2S8H 
Windsor Park 
654-228 8 

I 

 d 

 t 

 e 

I 

 il 

»8o to »11o off. 

Deluxe models with freezer where you like i t . . . top or bottom! 

Save ^5o 
5-pc dinette set with smart strap accents. 

3 1 9 * ® 
JL 
Regularly 369 .99 

You get table w ith light oak-gramwl plastic lam inate Uip, 36x4 8" RxUmds t4i 6 o" w ith 12" le a f Four leather- like vinyl-uphoLsU*rt*d chairs 

SA V E *6o 

Quaint Early American queen sleeper. 
In carefree Vectra* ole- gm fin. Double-wear reversi- 
Æ T ( B o O ble seat cushions. 76" L 
J L 

Regularly 37 9.99 

Save *3o 

Knight O’Rest bedding 

S a v e *1 1 o . 17 -cu. ft. top-m ount. 
*8o o f f . 18-cu. ft. bottom -m ount. 
37 988 

Reg. 489 .9 5 

Twin produce wim fiianiih^ controli lielp fruits, vegetables stay crisp and fresh 
Juice can rack, egg rack, butter compartment 
CfMWwtible doors -—left- or right-hand opsnning 
49988 

Reg. 57 9 .9 5 

Easy tqfe-level-access to r^rigerator items 
Meat keeper stores fresh meat in refrigerator section 
Roomy twin dairy compartments hold plenty 
Convertible doors—left or right opening 

Twin ea. pc. 
R eg. 9 9 .9 5 

Innerspring mattress or foundation 
Full size, reg. 119.9S ea. pc. 
.. 8 9 .8 8 
Queen set, reg. 29 9 .9 5 . . . . . . 229 .8 8 
King set, reg. 37 9 .9 5 .......... 28 9 .8 8 

SA V E ‘5o 

OUR VERSATILE 
LA-Z-BOY» 
17 9 “ 
R egularly 229 .9 9 

Famed Reclina-Rock- er* with infinite posi­ tion back, 3-posilion foot-rest In easy-clean 
Naugahyde^ vinyl 

 m mm 

LOOKING FOR A WAY TO STRETCH YOUR BUDGET? WARDS NO-MONEY-DOWN CHARG-ALL CREDIT MIGHT BE THE ANSWER 

 f 
• 
* 
• 
* 
• 
Sensible prices? Sure thing! 

W "f ' T ' V T 'w 

THEY GAVE THEIR LIVES 

TO PRESERVE YOUR FREEDOM 

We are inclined to take for granted the many forms of freedom which we enjoy in this country, perhaps because we have never been forced to live without them; and yet we must remind ourselves of the sacrifices that have been made in order to preserve them for us. by those who were called upon to give their lives in battle. Not only on Memorial Day but throughout the year we should honor those brave heroes, and give our thanks to God for this wonderful free nation we have because of them. And since the list of our freedoms includes the right to worship God as we choose, the Church of your choice IS the best place to express your gratitude. 

A Spe€ial 
Invitation 
To Attend 
Church From 

Aggregate Plant 
Products Co. 

 t.OOD l i - ! mi)«' 
North of Highwov 
E d J i n i 

Sears, Roebuck and Co. 

Garza 
Finance Co. 
1o3 S f tores SI 
CA6 2481 
Bexar County 
National Bank 
M em ber F.O l C 
Jell-Craft 
Punch Bases 

MohulovturrrJ bv BIge Bonni f 
Potolo Chip COmiiOny 

Assembly 
*' . .• 
C H U R C H OF 
C A S T L E H IL L S 

214 Roieto 
< I'i M ile* DVeit at Central P a rk 
Moll on Loop 41o) 
342-4224 
Po ifo r John Haoee 
Sunday School 
# w iO A r/ 
Morning Woryhip 
1o W A M fcvenmg Worship 
6 oo 
M 
Wednesday 
City Wide Bible Study & 
Youth Service 
> 3o P ‘A 
N u .sery provided of on serv ices 
The Church You ve Been 
Looking )• or 

 g o s p e l 
A S S E M B L Y 
Pastor M vy Horehp 
412 Cototina 
Ju st oft Hildebrand & ih io 
W o rsh ip ond B ib le fe llo w s h ip 
1o oo A M. 
Worship Sunooy t v e 2 oo p m 
Wednesdov Bible Study 2 3o d m 
The Church With Truth For it s 
Heart. 

Assem bly of Goif 
FIR S T 
A S S E M B L Y 
OF GOD 
83o s e M ilitary Or 
(Between Roosevelt ond Flores) 
Rev. Ooy Robison, Pastor 
Phone . 422-2S*1-»24-1$i2 
SU N D A Y 
S C R V IC t 
Sundo, 
School — 9 4S o m 
Worsliip - to 4i o m 
Junior Church Sery 
Ices Ih A u iiiia ry Auditorium tor 
Children ot oH ogcs — 1o 45 a m 
Youth 
Meetings 
— 
6 oo o m tvongelistic 
Services 
— 
2 oo 
O m 
W E D N E S D A Y 
Deeper 
Life 
Bible Services — 2 3o o m 
At tended 
Nurseries ooerote oil services 

OAK M E A D O W 
A S S E M B L Y OF 
GOD 
2214 Hunters Green 
(N W 5 A 1 
Phone 442-2311 
Rev. Jo ck Robertson. Postor 
Sunday Services 
Sunday School—4 45 a m 
Morning W orship— 1o 4$ o m 
Praise «orty—/ W p m 
Wed. Fam ily night 2 3o p.m. 
N U R S E R Y 
P R O V ID E D 
FO R 
A L L S E R V IC E S 
“ Come ond Find Lo ve " 
G L A D T ID IN G 
A S S E M B L Y 
OF GOD 
2143 So ,W.W. W hile Rd. t'.oop 13) 
Jom e* M Brothers, Poslor 
W ovnc Vou. Assistant Postor 
Swndoy 
Services: 
Sundov School 9 4i o m to I? oo riMo New Concept 
■in Christion Eoucotion. Morning 
Worship 1o 5o o m 
Youth Serv tee o oo p m , F'/ongeiistic Serv ice 7 OO p m 
Wednesday Serv 
•ce Bible Study. 2:3o p.m. Royot 
Rangers ond 
Missioneff» 
2 3o p.m. Nursery otfendont on duty ot eoch service. 
Doy Core ond Kmdergorten 
A tost growing spiritual churct 
.with a visinn 

 imitive Bapi 
Churches 

Special Meeting at Eosttide Church 
Saturday, M ay 2t - 1o 3o a m., 
2:3o p.m. Visiting Minister Eld er 
Dick Hoibgewdchs, Santo Rosa, 
EASTSID E lit# W. Mdk* Rd. 
P M i m ; M S - t m dr 333-3oM 
Rosier: IM o r (Or.) J. P. Dole Jr. 
Sdrvices 
2ND SA T U R D A Y 
N IG H T 
7:3o. 
P.M . 
2ND Sunday 1o:3o A.M. 
4TH SunddY 1o:3o A.M. 

SAN A N T ON IO 
4o$ Walton Ave. 
Meets 1st. 2nd and 4th Sundays at 
1o.3o A M. 
For informolion call 661 2o58 otter 
6 oo P M 

N O R T H S ID E 

18o1 West Thorom 
(One bik. E. ot West Ave. of Northwest Expressway) 
Church 
214 2192 home: .142 58o9 
Pastor Eld er: Sam m y Bo* 
Morning Worship 1o 1o t veiling Worship 6 3o 
Wed 
Night Prp ve r Meeting 7:3o 

Souîhetn Boptisî 

C A S T L E H IL L S 
F IR S T B A P T IS T 
C H U R C H 
222o N.W. M itltory Hwy 
Bianco exit oft Loop 41o 
• • Proclaiming the Abundant 
Life in Christ ' 
Dr George H Horris, Paster 
Jam es M. Ennis. 
A '.so tio te Po sto r 
M alcolm A. Oroinger, 
M in iste r ot M usic 
E d R. Humon, 
Field Evonoeiisl 
Irvin g Cook 
Education Director 
Helen Cade f hurc h Visitor 
Si.iiiflov Schools (9 ,1o 11 oo o m 1 
Miltniiiii Worship Services (9 1o 
& I! oo o m 
Evening Worship Service <2 oo 
o ni ) 
Chnstion Training Hour (6 oo 

L A C K L A N D 
BA P T IS T 
C H U R C H 
2218 Frontier Or. 
«24-27o2 
Jam es O. Todd, Pastor 
Sfeohofl Hodtlior 
M inister of Educotion 
Jim m y Murdock, 
Music B Youth Director 
Sunday Services 
8 3o o m First Worship Service 
9 :3o o m Sundov School 
11 oo o m Second Worship Serv ice 
4 oo p.m. Youth Choir 
5 45 o m Church Troining 
2 oo p m . 
Evening 
Worship 
Service 
Wednesdov Services 
6.3o p.m Teachers' & Officers' 
Meeting Acteens. Girts In Action 
R.A.'s t, P re School. Choir. 
2.3o p.m. 
Mid Week 
Proyer 
Service. 

(N U R S E R Y O P E N FO R A C L 
S E R V IC E S ) 
G R A D E D C H O IR S 
(September through April) 
Tu e sd o v 
— 
3:oo 4 :o o p .m . 
(Grades 16) 
Wednesdov 
— 
3:oo 3 45 p m 
(Grodes I 2) 

M A N O R 
B A P T IS T 
CH U R CH 

 p 
Wedncsiigy P io v e r Service (2 15 
D m ) 
Nursery open lor all services 

C R E S T V IE W 
B A P T IS T 
C H U R C H 

W aliem at Eagtecrest-«SS-7451 
(1 M ile E o si ot 
Roosevelt High School) 
Lorry j. Jones, Pastor 
Sam Moore, Music Director 

9 45 o m Bible Sludv tor all ogcs 
11 oo o m Worship Service 
6 oo p m Sunday niqht Pioce 
2 oo p m Evening Worship Serv ice 
2 oo p m 
Wednesdov 
Prayer 
Service 
N ursery open lor oil services 
The C fc s lv ie w B a p tist C hu rch 
School ages 3 thru Kindergoirten 

Visitors welcome 
“ Come Grow With Us 
D E L L V I E W 
B A P T IS T 
4S4 Boryl Or. 
West of Vanco Jockton 
Som E . Brian, Pastor 
CuHis Bullard, Education 
SU N D A Y 
9 3o o.m. Bible Sludv 
1o:3o o m. Worship Service 
6 oo p.m. Church Troining 
2,oo p.m. Evening Worship 
W E D N E S D A Y 
2.3opm P ra ve r Service 
Active Youth Program . 
Nursery for all services 
E I S E N H A U E R 
ROAD B A P T IS T 
CH U R C H 
395o Eisenhouer Road 
«$$-4443 
Louis J. " S c o t t y Nowton, 
Postor 
Phil 
Jew ett, 
M inister ot Music and Youth 
Dovid 
McGee, 
Sum m er 
Youth 
W orker 
Sundov School 9 .3o a.m .. M orn ing WorMiip, 1o o m ; Church 
Trom in g, 6 oo p.m ; E v e n in g 
W or hip, 7 oo D in ; Mission Or tionucilions. 6 3o p m, W ed nes d o v: G rad ed C hoirs 7- 15 p m 
W ed n esd ay: M id week P r o y e r 
Se rvn e 2,15 p m ,, Kindergortep 
F-nogrom, Bus AAinistrv. N ursery 
Provided 
F IRST B A P T IS T 
C H U R C H 
SIS McCullough 
“Only Minutes Aw ay by f xpretswoy" 
Dr. Jim m y R. Allen, Pastor 
Sundoy Seryices. 
9 3o o m Sunday School 
11 oo o m. Morning Worship 
6 oo p m. Church Troming 
2 o5 p.m Evening Worship 
2 15 p m Wednesdov mid week service (Broodcast over K K Y X 
Rodio ond K SA T 
(Channel 
12 
11 oo o m Sunday) 
N O R T H E A S T 
B A P T IS T 
CH U R C H 
243o Bitters Rood—S24-/23S 
W.M. Long— Postnr 
H L Tipton, Assoc. Postor 
Ctftf Hordcn— M u s ic / Youth 
SU N D A Y S C H E D U L E 
9 3oom Bible Study (Alt ages) lO: 5o o m. Worship 
4 3o p.m Youth Choir 
6 oo o m, Christian Training 
6 oo p.m. Elem entary Choirs 
2T)op.m Evening Worship 
W E O N E S D A Y S C H E D U L E 
1 oo p m. M issionary OrgontzQ. tions 
2 3o p.m. Mid-Week Service 
8:2o p.m. Adult Choir 
Ministry (or Single Adults. 
N U R S E R Y O P E N A L L S E R V ­ 
IC E S 
W E E K D A Y k i n d e r ­ g a r t e n P R O G R A M 

Manor Dr of Meredith 
(2 blocks west of 
Jefferson High School) 
Or Nathan L. Slone. 
Postor 
Or. Prentest Ferrell 
Associate Pastor/ 
Christian Educotion 
Mr, Lee Maresh, 
Minister of Music 
M is s Diane Hart, 
Minister of Youth « Recreation 
9 3o a m Sunday School 
1o SOo.m Morning worship 
Serm on by P a sto r N athon L 
Slone. "T h e Shedding of Blood ond The Forgiveness of Sin." 
6:oo p.m. "The Ordinonce of The 
Lord's Supper. " 

2 p.m Wednesdov Service 
Supervised nursery lo all services. 
N O R T H R ID G E 
P A R K B A P T IS T 
CH U R CH 
Chevy Chase A Eisenhouer Rd. 
TA4-oS39 
Jomes M, Reid, Postor 
9 3o o m. Sundov School tor all caes. 
1o 55 a m 
Morning 
Worship 
Service. 
6 oo p m 
Church in troming. 2 o m Evening Worship Service 
2 3o p m 
Wednesday, 
Prover 
Service 
Nurserv open for oil services. 
Visitors welcome 
P A R K H IL L S 
B A P T IS T 
14o)S Son Pedro Ave. 
Or. John Barbee, Paster 
Sid w. Miliegan, Bdwcation 
Lloyd Garcia, Choir Matter 
Som Sowder. Minister of Yewth 
Karitho Leever, Music A Youth 
9 :3o A M. SU N D A Y SCHO OL 
1o 3o A M W O R S H IP S E R V IC E 
5:45 P M 
C H R IS T IA N T R A IN ­ 
IN G 
6 45 P M E V E N IN G S E R V IC E 
2 3o P M W E D N E S D A Y P R A Y . 
E R S E R V IC E 
Supervised nursery at oil serv­ ices 
S H E A R E R H IL L S 
B A P T IS T 
CH U R C H 
8o2 O BLATB 
Or, Charles J. 
Witdem 
Foster 
4 
'w m m 

Phillip Siiton 
Minister of Music and Administration 
John M. (Marty) 
! 
Brown 
Minister at Youth 
Rev. Don KIbbe, 

“ “ • ii.iS'D W “ ’" " 
9 .3o Bible stodv1o.4o Morning 
Worsh o 
6:oo Members in Troinino 
2:oo Evening Worship 
W E D N E S D A Y 
6;4S Bib le studv, o rg an lio tlo n meetings, mission auxiliaries. t r i n i t y 
B A P T IS T 
CH U R C H 
314 E. M ulberry 
Son Anionto. Texos 28212 
734-So2I bunclov School 9. JO a m.. 
Worship Services 11 o.m., 2 pm . 
W e d n e s d a y su p p er 
5 p m ; 
P r o v e r 
S e r v ic e 
6:15 o m .; 
Choialp Proctice 7 15 p.m 
Buckner Fanning, Pastor 
Bntt Towery, Associate Postor 
Don 
McLendon, 
Mtmster ot 
Education 
Tommy Lyons. Minister of Music 
J- w. 
Fortner, 
Business 
Admimstrolor 
Royce 
Colhoun, 
Minister of 
Counseiing 
Bon 
Freem an. 
M inister ot 
Activities 
* 
Roger 
Glidcwell, 
M inuter of 
Ypufh 
S a n d ra K e s fe r , D ir e c t o r ot 
Soeeiol Outreach M inistries 
Darlene 
Rogers, 
Pre-school 
Director 
P e rry 
Yeager, 
Education 
Assistant 
R ic a r d o G o r to n , D ir e c t o r of 
Spamsh Dept. 
Nursery ond Librory ^ e n for oil services 

U N I V E R S I T Y 
P A R K B A P T IS T 
C H U R C H 
2Jbl Cincinnati 
•t Bondere Rood 
(1 Week east ot 
Oon. McMullen Drive) 
Jama« McKee, Poster 
Tgery W, WINtlns 
Mlnltler g( Music A Youth 
SU N D A Y 
8:3o A.M. Worship Service 
9 ;4S A.m. Sundoy School 
11:oo A.M. Worship Service 
5:3o P.M. Church Training 
At4o P.M. Worship Service 
W E D N E S D A Y 
2:3o P.M. Praver Service 
Kindergorten for 4 A S yr. olds. 
Supervised nursery open for oh services. 

G R A C E B A P T IS T 
TEAAPLE 
1428 Basse Rd. (Nerihside) 
Phenet 712-4223— eSS>«S33 
Wm. f . Fertsen, Fatter 
Sundov School — 4:45 o m. Morn ino 
Worship 
1o:45,* 
Training 
Union 6 oo p m . Evening Evon- oetistlc Service 6:3o p.m. 
Church 
N ursery open every 
Service. Speciot welcom e extend ed to weekend visitors ond new­ comers to the city. 

H U IS A C H E 
A V E N U E 
B A P T IS T 
C H U R C H 
1334 w. Huisache Ave. 
Of. Claud J. Benom, Postor 
Rev. Claud J. Bonom, Jr. 
Associate Postor 
Young Poopic's Loader 
Choir Director 
Rev. Fred Bonom, 
Associate Postor, 
Yeung Adult Teacher 
Sundov Services — All Bible Sun dov School 1o oo a m 
Worship Service 11 oo o m 
A dults 
Young 
People's ond 
Children s Meeting 6 3o p m 
Evening Service 2.3o p.m. 
Wednesdov 
- 
P ro y e r 
Service 
2:3o p.m. 
4S Years in San Antonie 
Tune in Dr. Cloud J, Bonom on 
K O R Y rodio, Ilio on your diol 
Mondoy thru Sofurdov 2; 3o-2.45 o.m 

- n it s « !!» » « » 

Charismatic 

REVIVA L TEMPLE 
131o Texas Avenue 
John M. Bell, Postor 
M.O. Beadles, Assistant 
Sundov School, 9 :45 o.m. 
Morning Worship, 1o:45 a.m. 
P re service prover, 6:3o p.m. 
Evening Worship, 2:oop.m. 
W cd n esciav P r o y e r and B ib le 
Sludv, 2:oo p.m. 

Charismatic Bapi 

CALVARY CHAPEL 
11o7 w. Hildebrand 
F. Goode Foster-Paster 

Sundov School— 1o A.M. 
Worship - I I A M 
Sundov E v e —2 P.M 
Wed Eve.-2 :3 o P.M 
N ursery Provided 

ALAAAO 
H E IG H T S 
C H R IS T IA N 
C H U R C H 
64oo Block N. New Braunfels 
828-5228 
Rev. Earl R, Btssex, Minister 
, Parker E. Cross, 
Associate Minister 
8 3o a.m. Worship Service 
2:45 o.m. Church School 
1o 5o o m. Worship Service 
1? oo Noon—Fellowship 
6 p.m. Youth Meetings 
Excellent Nursery. Am ple pork' ing 

CEN TRA L 
CHRISTIAN 
CHURCH 
Main Avenue ot Remana Ploio 
227-5223 
Ministers: 
Dr. Thomas Youngblood 
Royce E. Makin 
Church School: 9 :45 o m 
Worship 1o 45o m. 
Fom ily progrom s: 6 p m. 
Nursei-v avoilable 
A 
Friendly welcome owoils vou. Plenty ot oorklng 

SO U T HEAST 
C H R IST IA N 
CH U R C H 

-ËXPRESS-M EIIIfS- 
RELIGION 

B E A C O N H IL L 
C H U R C H OF 
C H R IS T 
417 w. MegneUa 
Between ih it and U f I I I 
Bill Wilton, Minister 
Bible Calf Library 
713-44B4 
Sundov Services; Worship 1o:3o 
O.m. and 6 o.m. Bible Closses. 
9 :3o o.m 
Midweek Bible Study, 
Wednesdov. 2:3o o m 
A church neor to the heart of Son An tomo 
JE F F E R S O N 
CHURCH OF 
CHRIST 
7o2 Donoldtan Awtnuo 
712-4ttS 
J O. cash. M in itltr 
Bible Closses 
9 Jo o m. 
Worship 1o:3o A.M. & 6:oo P M. 
Youth 
5:oo p.m. 
Wednesdov Services 
7.3o p.m. 
Attended nursery tor oli m eet­ ings 
M acARTH U R 
P A R K 
C H U R C H OF 
C H R IS T 
“The End Of Your Search 
Per A Friendly Church" 
14o7 N.E, Loop 41o 
Phone: 124-72o1 
Deyle Maynard, Mtnister 
B ib le C loss A C h ild re n s B ib le 
Hour 9 :3o A.M. 
Worship 1o:3o A.M. & 6 P.M . 
Lodtes Bible Class Tuesdov lO 
A M , 
Wednesdov Se rvic ^ i 2 ,3o P M 

SAN P E D R O 
C H U R C H OF 
C H R IS T 
•22-23o5— Tet. 124-1o14 
211 Jacksen KoHer at Son Pedro 
O.B. Stanley, Minister 
Sunday Services : 
Bible Classes 4:3o o.m 
Worship 
Services 
1o:3o o.m., 
6 oo o m. Wednesday Midweek service 2.3o p m 
Nurserv open during oil serv­ ices 

S U N S E T R I D G E 
C H U R C H OF 
C H R IS T 
Bi ees ot Emtwrio 
Telephone 824-4548 
Minister: Roy F. Osborne 

Bible Closses—9 .15 o.m. w orship 
Services — !o:3(S o.m. and 6 oo p m Wednesday Bible Closses — iO o m. ond 2:3o p.m. Attended nursery for oil services. 

Saturday May 28 1977 

ST. P A U L ’S 
E P IS C O P A L 
C H U R C H 
B aM Gravton at Willow 

R E D E E M E R 
L U T H E R A N 
C H U R C H 

(M issouri Svnod) 
25o2 Fredericksburg Rd. 
Teiebhone: 732-41 12 
Rev. Neil M. Bocheimonn, 
Postor 
SU N D A Y 
9 IS o m 
— Sundov 
Schooi 
& 
Bible 
Classes. 
1o:3o 
IQ m. Divine Worship. 

Lom m unitY Chutrh 

 i r 

•75o Fourwinds Or. 
IH 35 at Loop 41o 
"tntar-Oanaminattonot 
CangraodHan of Beilevers” 
Pester Allen Randolph 
Worship 
8 :15 A.M. 
Bible Fellowship 
9 :45 a m 
Worship 
1o:5o A.M. 
Body Lite Service- 
6:oo P.M . 
Wednesday 
Chofism atic Teochlng.. 2:3o P.M . 
Thursday 
Home M inistries 
. 7:3o P.M. 
Nursery for oil services 

1545 Goliod Rd 
Worship Service 11 oo a m 
Sunday School 9 3o o m 
Youth Group 5:.5o o m 
Horace B. Harmon, Minister 

W OO DLAW N 
C H R IS T IA N 
C H U R C H 
(Disciples of Christ) 
West Gram trcy at Clmendarf 
(across tram Weodlawn Ctr.) 
17oo Predaricktburg Rd. 
Rev. B.L. Brawn 
Senior Minister 
Rev. Tem W. Neal, Associate 
Minister 
Church School 9 :3oo m. 
Morning Worship Service 1o:45 
Sermon Subiecf: “Understanding 
Our Power structure." 

Evening Youth Grouo, 5.3o-7;3o 

Child core during morning service Ample porktng A friend 
»V welcome owoits vou. 

SU BJECT OF LESSO N : 
"A n c ie n t and 
M o d e rn 
Necremencv, Aiais Mesmerism ond Hypnotism. Denounced." 

F IR S T C H U R C H 
S«t Nerlh Alamo 
Sunday Service 9 3o 1o 3o-11 oo- 
12 (» 
Sunday School II oo w ^ n e sd o v 
Evening 
Meeting 

S E C O N D CH U R C H 
Mognetia and Beihniw 
Sundov Service It oo 
Sundov Schooi II oo. 
Wednesdov 
Evening 
Meeting 
8 oo 

T H IR D C H U R C H 
27b# S. New Braunfels 
Sundov Service it oo 
Sundov School II oo 
Wednesday 
Evening 
Meetma 
7 oo 

F IR S T C H U R C H 
(ALAMO H EIG H TS) t«4 C L O V ER l e a f 
Sunday Service U oo 
Sundoy School It oo 
Wednesdov 
Evening 
M eelino 
2.3o 
* 
R E A D IN G RO O M S 
324 N. St. M a ry ’s 
Cetgoies Ntrth M all 
IH lb A Wurzbach Rd. 
27bb s. Nbw Braunfefs 
SEI 2 Brbodwgy 

C H U R C H 

S u n d a y M o sse s (19 28 P r o v e r 
Book) 8 ;3oand 1o:3o o.m, 
;Wednesdov Moss, to o.m. 
Motor Feost Days. 7 and 1o o.m. an d 2.3o p.m. 
Confessions Soturdov 
11:oo A.M. . Noon 

WINDCREST the c h u r c h o f 
THE r esu r r ec t io n 

T u - ” 2* 
Reed-4$$-S4l4 
The 
Rev. 
James 
P. 
Giddings, 
Rector 
Sunday eu chonst o oo A ii oo AM 
Sundov School 1o:oo A M oil oges 
Licensed pre-school A Kindergorten 

W A Y S I D E 
C H A P E L 
2418 Vonce Jackson 
Ph. 344-12o3 
8 :3o A.M. E a rly Worship 
9 :45 A.M. Sundov School. 
11:oo A.M. Late Worship. 
2 oo P.M . Evening Service, 
Postor — Stephen P. Troxel 

C H R IS T C H U R C H 
Belknop at West Russell 
Sunday 
8:oo a.m. Holy Communion 
4:oo a.m. Family Service and 
Sunday School 
11:oo o.m. Morning Worship 
(1st ond 3rd Sundays — Holy 
Communion) 
. _ 
T v n a a v 
5:oo p.m. Holy Communion and 
Heolinp Service 

_ 
-ISM rt^gY 
1o:oo a.m. Hoty Communion 
The Rev. John H. MocNoughlon 
Rector 
The Rev. Holiier Tomlin 
The Rev. M elvin G ra y 
The Rev. Sam uel Todd, Jr . 
Assoc iote Rectors 
The Rev. Somuel O rr Copers, 
D O. Rector Em eritus 

C H U R C H OF ST. 
S T E P H E N 
S O U T H E A S T 

3726 S. New Braunfels at IH 37 
4 Minutes from Downtown 
Phone: 534-54o9 
The Rev. Charles H. Berry jr., 
Rccter 

SU N D A Y ; 8 o.m. Hoiv Comm u­ nion; 1o o.m. Euchorlsf/Church 
School closses. nursery 
T U E SD A Y : 2:3o p.m. Eucharist/ 
Heoling. 
W E D N E SD A Y : 
1o o.m 
Holy 
Communion, 

, NO RTHEAST 
THE CHURCH OF 
RECONCILIATION 
Storcrest ot Barrington in Morymont 

8 :oo o m. Holy Communion. 1o:3o o.m 
M orning W orship N u rsery ond Sundoy School. 
Rev. Jo# L. Brow n, Rector — 
Tel. 655 2231 or 824-221o 

ST. G E O R G E 
E P IS C O P A L 

A SC E N S IO N 
L U T H E R A N 
C H U R C H 
Vernen Brietkrueti, Poslor 
1o4o Oonoidson Ave. 
( 1o Blocks wost of 
Fredericksburg Rood) 
Sundov Schedule 
Sunday School, 9 .3o A M 
Worship Service, 1o:3o A M 
Holy Communion first Sundov each month, 
Come ond worship with us 

B E IT E L 
LUTH ERAN 
CHURCH 
2515 Austin Hwy. 
Pastor, Ralph Ablin 

Sunday worship services 
8 OC and 1o:3o o m 
Adult class one 
Sundov school at 9 :1o a.m. P ro y er ond Praise on Sunday eve­ nings at 6:3o. N ursery ovoiloble 

C O N C O R D IA 
L U T H E R A N 
C H U R C H 
1826 Basse Rood 
Or. Guido Merkens 
Senior Pastor 
Rev. Normen Abbott, Vst. Pastor 
Rev. Theodore Groolmonn, Asst. 
SU N DAY S SC H E D U L E 
A.M. 
9 oo First service. 
1o oo Sundov School, oil oges 
11 oo Second Service 
P.M. 
2.oo Third Service 
2 oo Sunday School, oges 3 12. 

N U R S E R Y P R O V ID E D 

C H R IS T 
L U T H E R A N 
C H U R C H 
42o2 Broadway in Alamo Hgts, 
The Rev. Arthur E. Rpde 
The Rev. Harold Moench, 
P o sto rs* 
First Service- 8 oo a m. Sundov 
Sundoy School—9 : is a m 
Second Service— 1o; 3o a m 

G R A C E 
L U T H E R A N 
C H U R C H 
$o4 Avenue E. at McCullough 
Throe Blocks North of The Alamo 
Phone; 224-4131 
Postor, Robert j, Adix 
Keith c. Fox 

8 oo ond 1o.45 A M. Worship 
4:3o A M. Sundoy SchTOl 

H O P E 
L U T H E R A N 
C H U R C H { A L O 
S2I4 CoHoghon Rd. 
(3 blocks south ot Loop 4to> 
433 2425 — 435 47o1 
Rev. Robert P. Thronson 
Roy. Oelmos L. Luodke 
Worship Services 8 15 & 
1o;45 o.m. 
Adult Closs and Sundov School 
9 :3o o m 
Nurserv provided for both w o r­ ship Services. 
Holy Communion — F irs i Sundov ond Third Sunday 

K IN G OF K IN G S 
^ L U T H E R A N 
CH U R CH , LCAAS 
13888 Drogmwood 
Toieghone tS4-4Sb8 
Htnry H. Bior, Pastor 
M.S. Bd.; M. Oiv. 
Sundoy School ond Bibie Class 
9 :15 o.m. 
Worship 1o:3o o.m, 
Communion on first ond third 
Sundays. 

44o4 West Ave. at Military Hwy. 
The Rev. R. Rondolbh Cooeer, 
Rector 
Church Phone: 342-4241 
Day School Phone: 342-4243 

SU NDAY; Worship Se rvice 9 oo 
A.M. Sundov School 1o 15 A M. 
Worship 
Service 
It oo 
A M 
Prove r & P raise 2:3o P.M . 
W E D N E SD A Y : Hcoiihg Service 
2;3(' P M, 
T H U R SD A Y : 
Holy Communion 
4:3o A.M. Meoling Se rvice 1o oo 
A M, Evensong 2 oo P M. 
SA T U R D A Y : 
Holy Communion 
8 oo A.M. Bible Study 

ST. M A R K ’S 
E P IS C O P A L 
C H U R C H 
D O W NTO W N 
147 East Pecon ot Travis Perk 
Phene: 224-2424 
The Rev. stenicy F. Houser, 
Rector 
The Rev. John C. Bell, jr. 
The Rev. C. Don Bough 
The Rev. John R. Reen 
The Rl. Rbv. J. WilSbn Hunter 

Sundoy 
8 'oo A M. Holy Communion 
9 3o A.M. Holy Communion 
(Chaoei) 
1o 3o A.M. Morning Worship ond 
Church School 
Mendov thru Fridey 
8 3o 
A M. 
Morning 
P ro ve r iChooel) 
Frtdey 
11:45 
A.M. 
Heoling 
Service 
(Chopei) 
17.oo NOON 
Holy 
Communion 
(Chopei) 

A L A M O 
H E IG H T S 
M E T H O D IS T 
C H U R C H 
51o1 Broodwev 
124-3215 
Minislers 
Or. Colvin W. Freehner 
Reverend H oroid t. Perdue 
Reverend Horry C. Bamberger 
Reverend Jock C. Bush. Sr. 
Shore in one o< our three mean 
Ingful hours of worship, 8 :3o, 9 :3o ond 1o; 55 o.m. The C elebration 
Generation youth choir w ill pre sent o m in i-co n ce rt a t 1o; 55; lovous congregatlonol singing will be enloved at oil services. 
Dr. Froehner will preach on: 
SP IR IT U A L E M P O W E R M E N T 
Bring o friend — heor his choi- lenging words. 
Church School closses m eet at 
9 .3o o.m. Child core Is provided durino oil worship services, 
Sunday evening activities for jr . ond Sr. Highs begin ot 4:3o o.m. 

A S B U R Y 
U N IT E D 
M E T H O D IS T 
C H U R C H 
46o1 Son Pedro Ave. 
Phone; 733-o431 
Rev W esley N. Schulze, Postor 

Church School; 9 :3o o m 
Sundov Worship: IQ-5o o m. 

 f h v ( h i i n h o f th v f t i v i t i l h Ite a rf " 

T R A V IS P A R K 
U N IT E D 
M E T H O D IS T 
C H U R C H 
23« E. Trovi* St 
Phene: 22«-8341 
M IN IS T E R ; Or. Roiph H. Seller 

YOU ore welcome to Son Antomo s 
G r e a t d o w n to w n 
M e th o d is t 
Church located In the heart of the city for 13o yeors. Only minutes aw ay bv Expressw ays and F R E E 
P A R K IN G across the street, 
W O R S H IP S E R V IC E S ot 1o:5o o.m. ond 7:oo p.m. Rev. Sid Sooin preoching ot 1o:5o o.m. on " L IV ­ 
IN G W A TER." 
12:oo — H o ly C o m m u n io n — 
Childers Chooel. 
9 ;3o o.m . — C h u rc h S c h o o l 
Classes tor oil oges. 
4:3o o.m. 
— 
Youth 
Activities 
Begin. 
7.(W p.m. — Evening Worship — 
■Rev. C. Elliott M eans preoching on “B E ST ILL AN D KNOW ." 

MacARTHUR 
D A D V 
E V A N G E L I C A L 
L U T H E R A N 
"The Heme-Like Church” 
I4«J Necogdeches Rd 
(7 bIk». Nb. e# Loeg 4to) 
Ph. 824-7135 
Pdtfer O.w. Schwanenberg 
Aiibc. P o »for C. Itm m erm on 
Sunday Worship: 8 3o & ll o.m 
Sundov School: 9 .3o o m ((or ail oges) 
(N ursery provided oil 3 hours) 
M ililory 
Personnel esoeciolly welcome. 

ST. J O H N ’S 
L U T H E R A N 
C H U R C H 
5o2 E. Nuevo St. 
Sen Antnnln. Texe t 782o5 
Phene; 223 2411 
DO W NTOW N — ' } block west ot 
H em itFoir, 

PA S TO R S 
Rqoio t tJrouuck and Normon H 
Albertson, M aurice Gold 
SU N D A Y , M A Y 79, I922 
"Worship Services 8 :15 and 1o: 45. 
Sunday School 9 :3o o m. 

ST. L U K E ' S 
L U T H E R A N 
C H U R C H 
"Th e Friendly Church" 
*14 Sente Menico St.. 735-bf4i 
1 bleck w. ot Sen Pedro 
Poster w. J. Buck 
(Cheglotn, Col. U5AF, Ret.) 
Paster Emeritus J.F. Verkoger 
Worship 
Service 
1o:45 o.m 
(Nursery provided) 
Sundoy 
School 
9 JO o m. 
(on oges). 
Counseling Services ottered 

ST. M A T T H E W ’S 
U N I T E D 
AAETHODIST 
C H U R C H 
2738 Bitters Rood 
454-125o 
(Between Nocebdochct end Broadway) 
The Rev. Mel Hitrholzer, 
_ Minister 
The Rev. Winn Alley, 
Inlcrn Minister 
SU N D A Y S C H E D U L E 
(Nurserv Available (or All Sun­ dov Events) 
8 3o o.m e a r l y S E R V IC E 
School (A L L 
A G E S ) 
^o^5o o m 
P R (N C IP A L SERV - 

■r e g u l a r a c t i v i t i e s i n 
C L U O E : Church School Classes and Choirs tor oil ogcs, singles, 

 y o u t h *^'*'^^"^' 
«soeciolly 

W O O D LA W N 
U N I T E D 
M E T H O D IS T 
C H U R C H 

17o1 West Weedtown Ave. 
Senior Pastor 
Rev. Paul A Grout Q. 
Associate Pastor. 
Dr. Elmer J. Hicrhoizer 
Lay Pastoral Visitors; Mr. Bob 
Hosbrook, Mr. Correli Sigmon 

SU N D A Y S ik R v iC E S 
Sundov Worship 9 A M. 
New Lockhiil Elementary School 
Coteterium 
545« Do Zavble Rd. 
Second Service l«:S# A.M. 
1741 W. Woediewn 
U.M.Y. Eoch Sunday 4 le 4 P.M. 
5484 Oe Zovgio Rd. 

... 
N o z Q re ii€ '2 ^ ’' ‘.rH' 

H A T F IE L D 
C H U R C H OF 
TH E N A Z A R E N E 

45IS S. Flores 
E .E . Rhodes, Poslor 
J.W . Cantrell, Associate 

Sundov Services Sundov School 
9 .45 o m .: 
M orning 
W orship 
1o:5o a.m. 
(Children s W orship service — 4 vrs. thru the 4th grodel. 
Youth 
Services 
6.oo 
o m., Evening Service 2:oo o.m. 
Wednesday P ro y e r Meeting. 2 3o pm . 
(M issionorv 
Meeting lost 
Wednesdov of month) 
Nurserv is open tor oil regulor services 

A C H U RC H W H E R E E V E R Y 
BO DY IS W E L C O M E - NO B IG 
SHOTS. 
NO u n i m p o rt a n t 
P E O P L E 

C O L O N IA L 
'H ILLS U N IT E D 

M E T H O D IS T 
C H U R C H 

5247 Vonce Jackson Rd. 
(North ot Loop 41o) 
349-24o1 
Rev. Wilhem M. Easum, Postor 
Delbert Brown, Associate Pastor 
9 45 o.m Church School. 
8 :45 a m. ond II o.m. Morning 
Worship. 
6 3o p.m. U M Y .F. Progrom & 
Suooer. 
Tues, 2.oo pm . Bible Sfodv. 
•6 ' 3o D m. Wed. Youth Cnoir 
Coll 
696 5oo2 for information. 
Nursery (or oil octiviiies 

LA T R IN I D A D 
U N I T E D 
M E T H O D IS T 
C H U R C H 
3oo San Fernando ot Pecos 
Phone: 222-o546; 734-9692 
Postor: Rev. A. Ted Grout Q 
1o,5o o m , 
C U LTO 
O E 
AD O RACIO N ; 
SE R M O N : Rev. A. Ted Grout O. 
2:oo p.m. C U LTO V E S P E R T IN O 
E V A N G E L IS T IC O 
S E R M O N ; Rev. A, Ted Grout Q 
A C T IV ID A D E S D E L D O M IN G O . 
(Sunday's Activities) 
9 :3o o.m, Escu elo Dom inical en ingles v español poro todas los edodes (Sunday School In English and Spanish for all ages.) 
4 3o p.m. E n sa yo Coro Ju v e n il 
(Youth Choir Reheorsal) 
5:3o p m. United Methodist Youth 
Fellowship 
6:oo p.m. Reunion do Grupos 
M id w e e k P r o v e r S e r v ic e s : 
Thursday ot 2:3o p.m. Ju n e 2nd. 
There will be o special program on June 2nd (mid week service ) presented by the M usical Youth 
G ro u o fro m W ic h ita , K o n s a s called 
The F re e " Wo cordially c * 1end an invitofion to evervonc to come. 

L A U R E L 
H E IG H T S 
U N IT E D 
M E T H O D IS T 
C H U R C H 

222 West Woodlown at Belknag 
233-2156 
Ministers 
Dr. Charles L, Giester 
R ev Albert 6 . Loudon 
Rev. Robert E . Parsons 
H enry Holloway, 
Director ot Music 
John C. Schmidt, Orgonist 
Worship Services 8 :3o and 1o:5o o.m. 
Or. Chorles L. Giesler Preaching, 
“ A 
B IR T H D A Y 
TO 
C E L E B R A T E t " 
Church School tor All Ages 9 :45 o.m. 
Memorial 
Service, 
3:oo o.m. 
Sunday 
Choir Vesper Service, 5 oo p.m 

ST. J O H N ’S 
U N IT E D 
M E T H O D IS T 
C H U R C H 
Northwest Son Antonio, l it Cloudcrott at Band era Rd, 
Telephone; 433-7«39 
Rev. Albert M crubio, Pastor 

E a rly Worship Service 8 ,3o o jn 
Morning Worship Service 1o:5o a.m. 
Communion will be served both services. 
Fellowship and Coffee toliowing the 1o:5o Service in the Blue 
Room. 
No Youth Activities. 

You ore cordially invited to wor ship with us. N U R S E R Y P R O ­ 
V ID E D FO R A L L S E R V IC E S 

T H E L IT T L E 
C H U R C H OF 
LA V IL L IT A 
Non Oenominotionol 
5o8 Villito St. 
Rev. Dovid w. Edm unds. 
Postor 

Sundov Worship Service — 
11 
o m, 
Sunday Evening Se rvice— 6 p m. 
Mid week 
Healing ond 
P ro ve r 
Services. Wednesdov night 2:3o 
D m, 
Thursday morning 11 oo a m 

A L A M O 
^ 
H E IG H T S 
P R E S B Y T E R I A N 
C H U R C H 
«2o1 Broadw ay 
Newton P. Cox, jr . 
M inister 
Phone: 824-o271 

Sunday, M ov 29 
Serm on at 11.oo a m. b y R e v 

 re b o rn 
'^' 

B E A C O N H IL L 
P R E S B Y T E R I A N 
C H U R C H n o t West Woodlown 
23J-2U9 
M inister; Rev. Jo e M. Owen 
Sunday Sc hool 9; 45 a m 
Worship Service II oo o m 

C O V E N A N T 
P R E S B Y T E R I A N 
211 Roieto 4 N W Looo 419 
(At Honeysuckle exit) 
Edw in W althall, Pastor 
Phone 342-5253 

9 1o A M. Church School (or oh ages 
• 
1o:45 
A.M, 
M orning 
Worship 
Service 

M A D ISO N 
SQ U A R E 
U N IT E D 
P R E S B Y T E R I A N 
C H U R C H U.S.A. 
319 Comden at Lexington 
Phone: 22*-«254 
W iiliom P t-ytte D O., Pastor 
Edw in Rieke. D M A 
Organist: Choirmaster 
Loren Stenberg 
Assistent in Christion 
Education 
9 .1o a m 
Church School, n oo 
o m 
Worship Service 
N urserv orovided 
'iS.OO P.M. Choristers 
5:3o 
P.M. 
Senior 
High 
Youth 
Group 
^ ^ 
5:45 P M. J r High Youth Grouo 
Children's Center 226 192o. 
(Weekdovs 6 3o O m 6 oo p m ) 

 n o r t h w o o d 
P R E S B Y T E R I A N 
C H U R C H 
$18 Pike Ploce 
814-2238 
Worship Service, H o r n 
Church School. 9 45 o m 

Sermon bv 
Rev. 
Carl 
Siegentholer. 

ST. A N D R E W 
P R E S B Y T E R I A N 
C H U R C H 
8231 Callaghan Rd 
(N e a r i-io ot 4)o) 
Minister, W illiam C. Mounts 
C hurch School - 9. 3o A M 
Worship Service - 11 oo A M 
Eorlv Leorning Center Ages 2. 3. ond 4 Mon.-Fri. 9 a.m. l2 noon 

C H U R C H OF 
T R U TH 
A mcmhcr (h u rc h ot Pcliciious 
Sfiehtn (.os Angr-les. Culilormo 
Or t rnesl 
Holmes, f ou^cthr iHit)i".hr>r of (he Science ot Mmi) 
•Mucsnrinp 
Sundovs, 
>o J'l O ni 
Services 1o Of) a m 
Word o> die vVeev 
Classes on metuDhvsic.s ond prcKtuQi Chfisiionrtv 
1o oo 
Cim 
Junior Church tJosses (oil sr hool grades) 
Child core tocil'ties 
Or, 
Ai/grev 
Honuer 
Minisfpr 
(824 2451 ) 
Son 
Pedro 
Pioyhouse 
Son 
Antonio 
Por* 
(Oioi o 
Blessing, o recorcJed medifotion 
828-5581) 
W AP/.l 
W E LC O M E A W A ITS YO U Sun day mommo 

EBQEo 8 Q1 

L A U R E L 
H E IG H T S 
S E V E N T H D A Y 
A D V E N T IS T 
C H U R C H 

2o3 West Ashby PI 
(opposite Son Pedro P o rk ) 
232 6898 
Robert Wood Postor 
Oovid Evan s, Associate Postor 
Suiurdov 
Services 
Snhbcith 
School 9 3o o in. Devine W orsh'p 
.11.oo o m. Youth Meeting I Hr oefore sunset P ro ve r Meeting 
Wednesday 
2 3o p m. 
O ortos 
Welfare Society 
Tuesdov 
1o oo a m Sundov a m . 
V O IC E O F P R O P H E C Y 
K K Y X 

The U n ite d C h u rc h ot C h r is t continues the m in istrie s ot m e 
C o n g re g a tio n a l 
C h n s t io n 
C hu rches and the E v o n g c lic n i' ond Reformed Church Since 195/ 

B E T H A N Y 
6) I E, M yrtle St ot N 
Kendall (6 Blocks 
North of IH 35 

 between McCullough 
& St. M a ry 's ) 
226 2655 

Rev John 8 . Culver, pastor 
Worshio, 
1o 45 a m 
C h u r c h 
S: hool 
9 .1o 
C! m 
Adult 
B'Uin 
Closs. V JO u m 

C H R IS T 
P R E S B Y T E R I A N 
C H U R C H 
(Unaffililated) 
544o Vance Jackson Rd 
I' J miles North of Loop 41o on Vance Jockson 
Rev J Grant M cM illon, Postor 

Church 
School, 
1o.oo o m 
Worship Service. 
11 a m , 2:o(5 p.m 
Midweek 
Services 
Wed nesdoy 7:3o 
We ore conservative, evangel- icol ond outonomous. hovmg no connection with the Nohonat or 
World Council ot Churches. W e hold to the historic Presbyterian belief (hot the Bible is the in- soired Word on God and the only infallible rule of faith and prac tice. 
Our church otters a spirituoi home to ol! who desire to heor the word of God without compromise 

F IR S T 
P R E S B Y T E R I A N 
C H U R C H 
North Alam o ond Fourth Sts. 

M IN IS T E R S ; 
Louis H. Zbinden Jr . 
Richord G. Ryan 
Robert H. Bullock, H.R., Teaching 
M inittfr. 
George M ou ie 
Minister-Emeritus 
Dr. Best Hieronymus, 
Orgotii»t Choir Director 

S U N D A Y :9 a .m . W o rs h io in 
Guthrle-Bryant Chopei, Celebi o lion of the L o rd 's S u p p er, O r. 
Rvan, leader; 9 .3o o.m. School of the C h u rch ; 11 a m. W o rs h ip , 
Celebration ot the Lord's Supper, com m union m edltofion by D r. 
Zbinden, Nursery ond Child Care during Worship ond Study Hours, 
Coftee Fellowship Hour in M cCul tough Room toliowing w orsh ip ; 
Youth Meetings discontinued for the summer. 
F R I D A Y A N D S A T U R D A Y : 
S u m m e r 
St o t e d 
M e e tin g of 
Presbyferv del Salvador of First 
Church 
Dr. Ernest T. Campbell of New York City will be Presb y lerv preacher ot ):45 p.m. ond 6 p m. Frid ay; and I o.m. Soturday noon closing the Presbytery. 

FAJTH 
C U M B E R L A N D 
P R E S B Y T E R I A N 
C H U R C H 
7815 Ookton Or. 
(Beside (.m High School) 
Phone: 342-«)«« 
Rev R. B e n Wllleughby, 
Minister 
WHO SO E V E R W ILL M A Y 
CO M E 
Sundoy School 9 45 o m 
Worship Service 11 oo o m 
C P Y .F . Youth Grouo 6: 3o o m 

C O M M U N IT Y 
443 Nunnicutt Dr. (w W White 
Rd., L oop 13, at IH I4 ) 
333 16o3 
R ev Thomas n W ard 
Worship, 1o; 3o a m 

P I L G R I M CON- 
G R E G A T I O N A L 
5oo Pilgrim Or, (2 Blocks South of Loop 41o, I block West ot 
Vonce Jack son ) 
342 6o34 
Rev. Arthur w. Stork, postor 
Sundav 
School, v 45 
Oivm e 
Worship Service 11 oo o m 

Afttliottd with Unity 
School — Silent U nity— 
Doily W ord Mogozine 
Sundov services n a m at 122) towndoie 
Or 
(W est oft 
8 ioo 
Broodwoy). Meditation 1o.35 a.m. 
Thursday, Truth Class 1o:3o o.m. 
Office open 1o to 4 M onday th r u , 
Th u rsd ay, (8 24-2351). N o r m a n ’ 
Olson, Minister. (Bulletin sent oni reauest.) 

U fitlu tto n 

F IR S T 
U N IT A R IA N 
C H U R C H 

8o7 Be ryl Or. 
Phene; 344-46*5 
Nursery available - no Church 
School. 
Morning Service 
1o:3o o m 
Minister: Rev. Roite Gerhardt 
S E R M O N : “ Should the Next U U A 
President Be a Politician, o P ro ­ phet. or a Good G u y ? " 

W E S L E Y A N 
C H U R C H 
3*1o West Avenue 
344 «3*3 
Edward D. Angelil, Pastor 
Mike Walters. Youth Poster • 
Sundov: Church School 9 45 o n. 
Worshio Service I) oo a m 
Evening Service 2 oo p m 
Wednesday, Bible SUjdv and 
Praver 2.3o p.m 

Church Directory 
On Next Page 
L 

 fvHMr énfarmattMi «n dWrcM» HtM M«w - 
SM <Wl» WMNMriii« m i tMt 

CHiircli «f C«stlt HHIt 
II« Roltia 
Of t l AsMmbly 

417 CatoUna f lr»t AuwnMv tf Oad 
• M S .l. MlWtary Or. 
Ook M w rttw AtMfliAly 91 
OmI 
}714 Huiitert OrMHi 
OMmI TMtn«» AsMmbly of 
>143 to. w.w. yyhfN Rtf. 
RrtroHIvo R«H ltt CAwrcH 
4*4 WellOfl Avo. 
COORO MNI» PIrtt Rootttt natf N.W. Military Hwy. 
Crottvlow ■«aMit 
Wataom at loalocrott 
DoNvtow Rcwtttt 
4S4 Roryi Dr. 
Rltonliewor Rtf. Rmitiit 
ItStf IlM Nhauor Rtf. 
P Irtt topMtt 
SIS McCttHOWfh tocklentf Rtotitt 
I7 H ProfiRor Or. 
NorRiridoc Pork Roantt 
Chovy ClMM A Ritoflliouoi 
Rtf, 
Manor RooMtt 
Monor Dr. ot Morotfltti 
Norttioost Roofltl 
>93o Riners Rtf. 
Parkhillt Rootiti 
14o1S Son Petfro Avo. 
Shooror Hilit Raotitl 
M3 ORIott 
Unlvortlty Pork Rootitt 
>3o1 Cincinnati 
Trinity Rootist 
319 f . Mulberry 
Grace Rootitt Temple 
193S Ro ue Rd. 
Nwitoclie Avenue Rootitt 
1339 W. Huitoche Ave. 

Revival Temple 
131o Tcxot Ave. 
Calvary CHopel 
11o7 W. Hiltfebrpntf 
Alamo Heiontt Cliritttan 
,44oo Riock H. New 
Rraunfelt 
Control Clirittion 
Main Avo. at Romano 
Plo ia 

Woetflawn Ctiristion 
17oo Fretfericktburo Rtf. 
First Church of 
Chritt Scientitt 
SOI N. Alamo 
Secontf Church of 
Chritt Scientitt 
Mopnolia — Reiknap 
Third Church of 
Chritt Scientitt 
27oo S. New Rrounfelt 
Firtt Church (Alamo 
HeiphH) of Chritt Scientitt 
1o4 Cioverleaf 
Reocon Hill Church of 
Christ 
937 W. Maonolid 
Son Pedro Church of Chritt 
311 Jackson Keller 
Jefferson Church of Christ 
7o3 Oonpltfton Ave. 
Sunsef Ritfoe Church of 
Christ 
Rreestft fm porio 
Trinity Church 
o7So Fourwinds 
Christ Episcopal Church 
Relknop at West Russell 
The Churcn ot 
Reeoncliiotion 
♦4o1 Starcrett 
Church of St. Stephen 
>724 S. New Rrounfelt of 
IN 37 
St. Oeorpe kpitcopol 
Church 
49*4 west Ave. at Military 
Hwy. 
St. Luke's Episcopol 
Corona A Devine Rtf. 
St. Mark Episcopal Church 
3o7 E. Pecan 
St. Pout's Episcopol 
Church le il E. Grayson 

Waysitfe Chooel 
3911 Vance Jockton 
Ascension Lutheran 
1o4o Donaldson 
Reitel Lutheran 
3S1S Austin Hwy. 
Groce Lutheron 
Avenue E at McCulieuph 
Christ Lutheran 
473o Rrootfwav 
Kino of Kinps Lutheran 
I3SM Oreamweotf 
Concordia Lutheran 
1o24 Rosse Rtf. 
Hope Lutheran 
S714 caliathon Rd. 
MocArthur Pork Lutheran 
39o3 Nocootfochet Rtf. 
Mt. Calvary Evpnaeilctft 
Lutheron Church 
3ok Mount Calvary Dr. 
St. John Lutheran 
$o3 E. Nuevo St. 
St. Luke’s Lutheran 
S14 Sonto Monico 
Redeemer Lutheran 
2So7 Fredericksburo Rd. 
Alamo Heiphts Methodist 
SiOl Rroodwoy 
Asbury United 
Methodist Churcn 
44o1 Son Pedro 
Aldersoote United 
Methodist 
Keyton at Palmetto 
Coloniol Hilts 
United Methodist 
5347 Vence Jackson 
La Trinidad Unitttf 
Methodist 
San Fernando y Pecos 
Laurel Heiohts United 
Methodist 
» 7 West Wootflawn 
St. John’s United Methodist! 
I l l Cloudcron Dr. 
St. Motthew’s United 
Methodist 
373t Ritters Rd 
Trovis Pork United 
Methodist 
23o Eost Travis 
Woodlawn United 
Methodist 
17o1 West Wootflawn 
Hotfield Church 
Of the Nozorene 
4515 S. Flores 
The Little Church of Lo 
Viltite 
SOI Villito 
Alamo Heiphts 
Presbyterion 
42o1 Rrootfwav 
Faihi Cumberland 
Presbyterian Church 
7 ll5 oakMn Dr. 
First Presbyter ion 
North Alomo ontf Fourth 
Sts. 
Reocon Hill Presbyterian 
11o1 West Woodlawn 
Covenant Presbvtorian 
>11 Roiete A N.w. Loop 41o 
Christ Presbyterian 
544o Vance Jackson Rtf. 
Madison tooare United 
Presbyterian 
319 Camden «tf Lexinpten 
Northwootf PresRyterlon 
511 Pike Place 
St. Andrew Presbyterian 
• » I CaHoehan Rtf. 
Laurel Heiphts 
Seventh Day Adventist 
>o3 Ashby PI. 
Relhony United Church ef 
Christ 
411 St. Myrtle St. 
Community UniMtf Church pf Christ 
4443 Hunnlcutt Or. 
PHprlm Cenpropatlenai 
5oo Pilprim Or. 
Unity Church f7>3 Lowntfole Dr. 
First UnNarian 
IN tO -LeaR4ioatReryf 
Rtf. 
Weslovan Church 
>91o Woof Aye. 
S e ÿ f y ÿ j s f t e R Church 

Son Antonio EXPRESS-NÉWS—-Sotutxioy Moy 28 1977 
Page 
Methodist conference to consecrate deacons 

Volunteer worker at the chapel of the San Antonio State Hospital# 
Helen Holloway# left# greeted the Rev. Fred Scheffel# center# along with chaplain Jenaro Fernandez. The Rev. Mr. Scheffel was among a group of visiting southeast area ministers who recently visited the 
State Hospital chapel's open house. 

Diaconal ministers will be consecrated for the first time during the 
Southwest Texas Annual 
Conference meeting 
Monday through Thurs­ day at Travis Park 
United 
Methodist 
Church. 
Bishop J. Chess Lo- vern, resident bishop of the San Antonio area, will preside over the conference when he con­ venes the 119th session at 
1 p.m. Monday. 
The consecration of both lay men and lay wo­ men into a professional 

 si' 

 a m 
> m y n i a H 
J C i w w 9 

“ Iby a potluck dinner, 

 i 
The 7 p.m. service will lie ironducted by the Rev. 
Glenn Akridge of Mobile. 
Ala. career of diaconal min­ istry in the United Meth­ odist Church was made possible by action of the 
1978 General Conference of the United Methodist 
Church. 
“ This annual confer­ ence will consecrate two persons into this new lay ministry of our church,” 
Bishop Lovern said. 
Another 12 persons will be recognized as diaconal 
Gospel challenges lifestyle 

Few subjects are a" emotionally explosive as human sexuality. Few areas of that subject are as controversial as ho­ mosexuality. 
Few Americans com­ bine the qualities of ta­ lent, beauty, strung opin­ ions and crusading dis-' position as dynamically as does Anita Bryant. 
Mixing those ingredients with an election vote in 
Miami, Ha., about a so- called civil rights ordin­ ance has created an ex­ plosion felt all over the nation. 
The atmosphere is wrong for a rational ana­ lysis of the issue of ho­ mosexuality and dis­ crimination. 
A sensa­ tion hungry media seizes oach occasion lo titillate. 
Homosexual advocates have been searching for a cause celebre around uhich to rally. 
Parents are deeply concerned about their own rights to transmit to their children insights about religious values and sexuality in an in­ creasingly permissive society. 
Rains eyed over state 

Heavy thunderstorms that hit West Texas in the past three days ended — for a while — Friday morning, but kicked up again late in the day. 
The rest of the state was under clear to partly cloudy skies and warm temperatures. 
On Thursday night the heavy thunderstorms dumped as much as two inches of rain over parts of Northwest Texas and the western portion off the Red River Valley. 
Shamrock, 1oo miles east of Amarillo, reported 3.14 inches. 
Fog and haze lingered over Northeast Texas reducing visibility to ar­ ound three miles early in the day. Winds across the state were southerly at five to 1o miles per hour. 
Temperatures early in the afternoon ranged from 77 at Del Rio and El 
Paso to 88 at TVIer and 91 at Midland. 
The National Weather 
Services said warm tem­ peratures with scattered showers would continue through Saturday. 

SAN ANTONIO 
PRSC IPIT A T IO N 
1*77 
1*74 
Ave. 
Ree. 
Jan. 
3.1o 
o.54 
1.74 
8.33 
Feb. 
o*1 
o 13 
1 45 
7 88 
Mor. o.88 
1.3o 
1 67 
4.19 
Apr, 
8.85 
8.41 
2.28 
11.64 
MOV 
1.4* 
5.8o 
3.45 
14.o7 

1*76 
1*7$ 
Awe. 
Ree. 

June 
1-61 
4.6o 
3 95 
1o.44 
July 
5.39 
o.44 
1 69 
8 18 
Aug. 
2.o9 
1,3? 
3.36 
11.14 sept 3 79 
o.5! 
4,59 
15 78 
Oct 
8.48 
?.?5 
3.3o 
9 56 
Nov. 
3.48 
o.o3 
1.37 
6.79 
Dec. 
1 95 
1.48 
1.75 
6.32 

S A N 
A N T O N IO 
A N D 
V IC IN ir y 
Portly cloudy ontf worm eyceot lot« night ond eor- 
IV morning cloudin«»» Saturday through Sunday. Southeo»terlv winds 1o to 15 mph. L o w s So« turdov In th« low 7o$. High So- tordov and Sunday near 9o. Sun ri»«5 at 6:35 ond teU at 8:37, 
M oon 1$ In the first au orte r. 
Moon rises of 4 o5 p.m. ond sets at 3:17 a.m . 
T e m p e r a tu r e s 
Frtdoy ranged from 7o to 83 degrees. (National Weather Ser­ vice forecast ) 
R E L A T IV E H U M ID IT Y - 67 per cent os of I p.m. Fritfoy. 
P R E C IP I T A T IO N - T otal rainfoll tor the 24hour period ending at 8 p.m. Friday, none; for the month. 1.54 Inches; for the ye a r, 15.33 In ch e s. 
Ac* cumuloted departure from nor­ mal tor the month, m inus 1 13 
Inches; tor the year, plus 4 76 
Inches. n o r t h T E X A S - C lear to partly cloudy and warm Sotur- dqy ond Sundoy. W idely scot- lered thunderstorm s Sslw rd a y through Sundoy. 

SO UTH 
T E X A S -r 
P o r t ly cloudy and worm SofurtfOY ond 
Sunday. 

W E ST T E X A S — Su n n y S a ­ turday ond Sund oy with very warm afternoons ontf toir Sotor- dov night. n a t io n a l - Thunderstorm s w in occur ove r m uch of the 

 lim m y g T 

First 

As difficult as rational analysis may be, it is necessary for thoughtful citizens to examine the issue carefully. 
Perspective 
Perspective deter­ mines one’s perception. ll one’s perspective is a 
Biblical viewpoint on authority, the plain leaching of the scripture is that homosexual beha- 
\ ior is disordered beha­ vior. 
Despite attempts by some churchmen to redefine terms or reject sections of the scripture as colored by the writers’ ideas rather than the in­ spiration of God, the 

 scripture shows that God created human beings as heterosexual beings and gave them the gift of sexuality both for their fulfillment and procrea­ tion. 
The problem is created for the person with a commitment to Biblical authority as to how per­ sons involved in disor­ dered behavior and out of harmony with God's re­ vealed intention for them are to be treated. 
(’hnstian love de­ mands that they- be ac­ cepted as persons and assisted in every way possible toward whole­ ness. 
The problem is com­ pounded by the mistaken notion by some homosex­ ual advocates that ac­ cepting one as a person also demands approval of behavior. Not so. 
It is possible to have the grace to accept one’s worth and to love gen­ uinely a person wiiile re­ jecting totally his li­ festyle. Jesus demon­ strated that over and again. 
The isvsue then emerges 

 as to what if any limita­ tions should be placed on advocates of a disordered lifestyle. 
Do parents, for in­ stance, have a right to reject the idea of a per­ son committed to homo­ sexual lifestyle becoming an authority figure ami model of behavior as a public school teacher? 
Is the current outcry for rights for homosex­ uals the same kind of just cause espoused in the 
196o’s in agitating for re­ jection of racial 
(Jiscrimination? 
In a society of plura­ lism. most people of Bib­ lical commitment as 
Christians and Jews re­ frain from demanding that their perspective be honored as socially healthier for the whole community? 
The 
(juestions are complex. Slogans and rallies on either side usually fai! to deal ade­ quately v^ilh them. How­ ever, some principles need to be applied. 
Homosexual militants cannot justify their movement in the noble 
FORECAST 

Snow 

Fiurrias 

Koin 
VCVW 

!{<{{{{{ 
SHowgrt Stgtienory O cduëad 
Dolo from 

 n a t i o n a l W fATHER SERVICE. 
NO AA, U S Oapt of Cooimarca 

Mississippi Volley region Into the e e n tro l an d n o rth e rn G re a t 
Plains. Cool sh o w e rl w eother with snow fosslble ot some of the high er elevQ tlons w ill occcur from the n o rth e rn R o c k ie s through the Pacific Northwest and In northern Utoh. Showers and thunderstorms will continue in Georgia, the C aro lin as and 
Florido, It wilt be mostly sunny through the northeast ond Ohio 
V o lle y r e g io n s o n d fro m 
CoUfornaio through the southern holt of the R o c k ie s. It w ill rem oin w p rm fro m the G uH 
Coast into the upper Great Lakes qnd upper 
M ississippi 
Volley region. 

T E M P E R A T U R E E X T R E M E S 
Lowest, 25 tfegrees crt Truckee, 
Calif. 
Highest, 
97 degrees ot 
Mktlantf-Otfessd 

M A RIN E 
WINDS -r Southeasterly winds 
17 to 17 mph. Seps 3 to 5 feet. 
T ID E S — P ort A ro n sd « for 
Sunday; High of 11:31 o m. Lows at 6:31 o m. and 6:54 p.m. Port 
Isobel (or Sunday: High at 13:3o d.m. Low s at 7:1o o.m. and 7:43 p.m. 
' 

G R E A T E R SAN ANTONIO 

Chorlesfon 
7o 
81 
.oo 
Jacksonville 
62 
84 
.o3 
New Orleons 
68 
92 
.oo 
Raleigh 
64 
83 
.oo 
Richmond 
52 
85 
.oo 
Tompo 
71 
88 
.o5 

N ORTHW EST 

Bism orck 
56 
71 
.1o 
Boise 
43 
59 
.13 
Cqsper 
4o 
7o 
.oo 
Helena 
41 
56 
.oo 
Portlond, Ore. 45 
59 
.13 
Ropltf City 
S3 
77 
.18 
Son Froncsco 
49 
61 
.oo 
Seattle 
44 
6o 
,32 
Spokane 
38 
56 
.oo 

NORTH C EN T RA L 

Chicago 
63 
81 
.oo 
Detroit 
51 
85 
oo 
Duluth 
56 
78 
.oo 
IndlanoRolii 
63 
88 
oo 
Milwaukee 
SO 
75 
,oo 
Minn St. Poul 
66 
88 
.oo 
Omoha 
65 
77 
.67 
Sit. St M arie 
46 
82 
.oo 

N ORTHEAST 

Boston 
63 
81 
.oo 
Buttalo 
51 
8o 
,oo 
Clevelontf 
47 
78 
oo 
Colum bus 
55 
86 
,oo 
New York Cty 59 as 
.oo 
Philadelphia 
53 
85 
.oo 
Pittsburgh 
53 
83 
.oo 
Portlond, Me. 
61 
73 
,oo 
Woshtngton 
64 
78 
.25 

/ 

FO REIG N 

Based on observations ttfken at 

Soh Antonio 
7o 
83 
.oo 

SOUTH T EX A S 

Austin 
68 
88 
.oo 
Beewllle 
• 
.oo 
Brownsville 
73 
9o 
,oo 
Corpus ChrstI 
74 
85 
.oo 
Cotullo 
7o 
88 
.oo 
Del R io 
7o 
85 
.oo 
Junction 
7o 
88 
.oo k ingsville 
. . 
- 
.oo 
Victorio 
68 
89 
.oo 

T EX A S 

Abilene 
65 
91 
oo 
Alpmc 
56 
9o 
.oo 
Am orillo 
6o 
83 
.o3 
Oolios 
69 
95 
.oo 
El Poso 
6o 
88 
.oo 
Fort Worth 
67 
96 
oo 
Houston 
74 
91 
.oo 
Lubbock 
63 
86 
.oo 
Lufkin 
68 
9o 
.oo 
Son Angelo 
71 
9o 
.oo 
Woco 
69 
91 
.oo 

SO U T H W RIY 

Denver 
43 
75 
.oo 
Honolulu 
75 
82 
.oo 
Los Angeles 
56 
73 
.oo 
Los Veoos 
6o 
89 
.oo 
PhoenI» 
64 n 
.oo 
Salt Loke Ctv 
47 
62 
.61 
Son Diego 
58 
6o 
oo 

SOUTH C EN T RA L 

Kan sas City 
63 
82 
oo 
Louisville 
« 
88 
.oo 
Memphis, 
69 
19 
,oo 
Oklohom o Cty 59 
8o 
1.88 

St. Louis 
63 
88 
.oo 
WIchlto 
61 
71 
.25 

SOUTHEAST 

Atlanto 
63 
8o 
.o7 
Birm ingham 
65 
•1 
.oo 

TEXAS W EATHER 

Forecast 

City 
Temparture 

Sat. 
Sun. 

6195 61 95 

7o 95 

71 91 

Amarillo 
Fair, worm 
Ausftn 
71 9o 
71 9o 
Cloudy, worm 
Laredo 
7o 95 
Cloutfy, worm 
Corpus Chrlsti 
71 91 
Cloudy, worm 
V id o r la 
71-91 
Cloudy, warm 
Dollos-Fort Worth 
7o 91 
Cloudy, worm 
McAllen Brownsville 71-91 
Cloudy, worm 
Houston 
7o 9o 
Cloutfy, worm 

7 o.m Fridoy Son 
Antonio time. 
Tem oernlures ere In Fohrenheit 
(letti ond Centigrode.) 

City .................. 
Far. 
Cent. 

Aberdeen 
64 
18 
Amsterdam 
68 
2o 
Ankoro 
7.3 
23 
Antigua 
83 
28 
Athens 
75 
34 
Auckiond 
45 
o7 
Berlin 
61 
16 
Beir ut 
79 
26 
Birm inghom 
66 
19 
Bonn 
66 
1* 
Brussels 
63 
17 
Colro 
97 
36 
Cosoblonco 
66 
19 
Copenhagen 
61 
16 
Dublin 
59 
15 
Genevo 
57 
14 
Hong Kong 
81 
27 
Lisbon 
73 
22 
London 
66 
19 
M adrid 
73 
22 
Malto 
81 
27 
Monllo 
84 
39 
Moscow 
45 
o7 
New Delhi 
88 
31 
Nice 
64 
18 
Oslo 
72 
22 
P o n s 
68 
2o 
Peking 
64 
18 
Rome 
73 
22 
Sqtaon 
77 
25 
Seoul 
64 
18 
Soflo 
54 
12 
Stockholm 
68 
2o 
Sydney 
63 
17 
Taipei 
79 
36 
Teheron 
81 
37 
Tel Aviv 
88 
31 
Tokyo 
68 
2o 
Tunis 
77 
25 
Vienno 
57 
14 
W arsaw 
52 
11 

 terms of the racial jus­ tice movement because it fails the test of unix ersa- lit.v. 
The test of universality asks the crucial question of what would happen if every person were to fol­ low a particular princi­ ple. Society obviously would be hurt or des­ troyed rather than helped and strengthened if every person were to become homosexual. 
Basic rights 
On the other hand, persons disordered or not have the right to be. 
Their basic human rights remain and should be re­ spected. The Constitution calls it the right to “ life, liberty, and the pursuit of happiness.” 
Parents and citizens at large have rights also. 
Teaching school is ac­ tually a privilege, not a basic right. 
The privilege of being trusttMl with leadership is forfeited »when one chooses to live a lifestyle out of harmony with the highest good of a com­ munity. 
A majority of citizens have the right to deter­ mine the boundaries with which they regulate their community affairs. 
Th('y have a right to try to create the best atmos­ phere for their value systems lo be transmit­ ted to their young. Social legislation has always lieen justified on the be­ half of the young and the weak. 
Similar 
The first century world into which the gospel of 
.lesus 
Christ was launched was similar to our day. 
Homosexuality was a popular and socially ap­ proved lifestyle. The claims of the gospel challenged their li­ festyle. 
The basic struggle was in individual lives find­ ing strength and direc­ tion toward wholeness. 
This issue will have to be 
V oted on by the citizens of 
Miami and other com- munilies. 
Votes will not deter­ mine solutions, however. 
Those solutions come through jiKjividuals 

Mass of 
Pentecost is Sunday 

71 91 

7o 91 

SOUTH A M ERIC A 

71 91 

7o-9o 

Asuncion 
P 
14 
Buenos Aires 
48 
o9 
1 
Lim o 
64 
18 
' 
Montevletfo 
45 
o7 
! 
Rio De Janeiro 
72 
22 
1 

M EXICO 

< M e *lc o n te m p e ro tu re s op peof In both F o h re n h e it and 
Centigrade or Celsius. F ahren hett is listed column.) 
Acopulco ... 
Guadololaro 
Mazailon . . 
Mexico City 
Monterrey .. 

 first 
In each 

81'37 
9o/32 
59/15 
9o/33 
64/18 
86/3o 
54/13 
79/26 
73/33 
9o/32 

REVIVAL TEMPLE 
13 1o Texas Ave, 
Celebrates Its 
25TH ANNIVERSARY 
Sunday, hAay 29th 
(Pot luck dinner after the morning service) 
Pastor’s Message 1o :4 5 A.M. 
"Penteeast, IPluit Does it M e u n f'“’ 
7 :o o P.M. Rev. Glenn Akeridge, 
Mobile, Alabama 
Pastor «fc Mrs. John Bell Welcome 
You 

I'alher Stephen lulas, superior general of the 
Society of Mary based in 
Home, will celebrate a 
Mass of Pentecost at 7 p.m. Sunday. 
The Mass will be in the 
St. M ary’s University 
Guadalupe Chapel. 
A reception will follow the Mass which is spon- sort'd by the Family of 
Mary. 

NEW LIFE CENTER 
"WHERE WIU YOU BE TOMORROW? 
M IN IS n i A N N I KUNATH 

ADWTS »MOAY SCHOOL 1o A.M. 
SB m t 11 AM 

KOOER IX iC U T IV f CENTER 
IB A B C IX K A Loop 41o) 
Ni^sery Provided 4342 P»di*» Df 
Memoer intei national New Thouqhi Alliance 
Suite 2bO 

 ministers coming from the former lay worker status of the denomina­ tion. 
The three missional priorities set by the con­ ference — world hunger, ethnic local churches and evangelism — and the examination of special appointments of minis­ ters outside the local church's pastoral min­ istry will get special at­ tention during the meet. 
Bishop Lovern noted. 
The question on special appointments is "how the specific appointments of the ordained clergy are related to preaching the word, administering the sacraments and pastoral leadership.’’ he said. 
Dr. Ernest T. Camp­ bell, former pastor of the 
Riverside Church, N('w 
York, is preacher for the four-day event, preach­ ing on the theme; “ Com- m it ted to Christ — Called to Change” 
Pastoral appointments will be announced in a 
“ Covenant Service of Ac­ cepting and Receiving the Appointments for 
1977-78“ at 7:3o p.m. 
Monday in the sanctuary of Travis Park Church. 

 struggling lo determine what is pest for their lives and discovering it by coming into harmony with God’s revealed in­ tention for human sexua­ lity. 

I 
I 

♦ 

ANTIOCH BAPTIST C H U R C H f 
4 o o 1 N . W a lt e r s 
YOUTH DAY 
S u n d a y , M a y 2 9, 1 97 7 
11 sOO A .M . S e r v ic e 
Rev. Thomas Geogory# Guest Speaker 
Bro. Dwight Gray 
Sis. Janice Crockett air Parson 
Sis. William Grant 
Adult Leader 
Guest Soloist# Bro. Lester fester# Jr. 
Rostor 

Youths Choi 
I 

Bible College. It is dedi- catt'd to earrying the Go­ spel of .lesus Christ lo children of all ages. 
Children of all ages arc invited to attend any night of the crusade at the church. 4S42 Highway 
9o East. For further in­ formation call 881-.3723. 

TRINITY 

OVMELOT CHRISTIAN 
CENTER 

Bruce Cripc of World 
Vision will be featured in a musical concert and presentation of slides from mission stations around the world at the center at 7 p.m. Sunday. 
The public is invitt'd to attend the program at the center. 782o Hay Bon 
Drive. 

“ The 
Power of 
Prayer," a film dealing with questions and answers about praying, will be pri'sented at H p.m. 
Sunday at the church, 87-jO Koiirwmds 
Drive. 
Featured in the film are Christian spokesmen in the United Stales. In­ cluding Dr. W.A. Cris­ well. Dr. John F. Wal- voord and Dr. and Mrs, 
Howard Hendricks. 

ALAMO REVIVAL 
CENTER 

REVIVAL TEMPLE 

The 35th anniversary service of the center will be at 6;.3o p.m. Monday with special morning services at 1o:3o Tues- 
Wedijcsday and 
The church will cele- Thursday, bi ate its 2.3th aniiis er.sury i'bo cfuler Is located at 
Sunday with a service on 928 Sieves Ave. The pub- l entecost. \\hat Does It he in inviteii to attend the 
Mean. to be followed services. 
Antioch faithful said respected 

MOUNT OLIVE 
LUTHERAN 
“ Walking 
With 
My 
Lord, wiii be me meme of a Christian growth workshop sponsored by the North an(| South Ala­ mo Zones of the Lutheran 
Womens 
Missionary 
Leagues. 
The workshop will be­ gin at 7 p.m. Friday and will continue through Sa­ turday. 
The Rev. Edwin E 
Pieplow of Mineral Wells will lead Bible studies and discussions based on 
“ The Freedom to Live,” a series that he has pre­ sented all over the slate. 

RIVERSIDE BAPTIST 
Church members will observe their first annual 
“ Old-Fashioned Day” 
Sunday at the church. 
.38(1o S. Presa St. 
Plans for the day-long celebration include an old-fashioned worship service in the morning, dinner on the grounds, special music, a fashion show and contest, hor­ seshoe pitching, sack races, parlor games and an ice cream supper. 

NEW YORK (A P ) — 
Patriarch Elias IV of 
Antioch, where the an­ cient followers of Jesus first were called “ Chrls- tiaiLs” in ridicule by the predominantly pagan population, says they’re now well regarded there. 
’’The Christians of An­ tioch today are very highly respected,” says the head of one of the most ancient jurisdic­ tions of church history, niM' involving about 3.5 million believers in several 
Moslem-ruled countries. 
“ We consider our­ selves an integral part of the Arab word, and are free in our thinking and in our worship.” he told a news conference. 

 and chief spiritual leader. 
But the area of Pa­ triarch Elias, including 
Syria, Iraq, Lebanon. 
Kuwait, Saudi Arabia and part of Turkey, in which Antl(M’h now is si­ tuated, has in that an­ cient city the earltcr 
Christian rootage. 

There, the evangelist- ajMistle Paul began his 
Christian work. 

First visit 

On his first visit to this continent. 
Patriarch 
Elias, 63, a bearded prelate in black ca.ssock a headdress, is starling a tW(»-month schedule of consultations with Amer­ ican churchmen to strengthen liaison with 
Eastern Orthodoxy. 

UNIVERSITY 
PRESBYTERIAN 
Jim Shaw' will be the featured clinician at 
Cantica ’77, a workshop on church music to be conducted 
Thursday through June 4 at the church. 
The interfaitli work­ shop will be sponsored by the Liturgical Commis­ sion of the Catholic 
Archdiocese of Hun An­ tonio. 
For more information and registration call 
822-3393. 

BETHANY area wide 

He is considered the third highest-ranking church of Orthodoxy, next to heads of the two other old. originally most influential sees of Con­ stantinople (now Istan­ bul, Turkey, and Alexan­ dria, Egypt. 
The other ancient centers of Christian authority are Jerusalem ami Rome. 
The world’s 3oo million 
Eastern Orthodox (’hris* tians, of various national branches, consider 
Patriarch Demetrios I of 
Constantinople “ first among equals“ of the various patriarchal sees 
An area wide Kids 
Krusade will be conduct­ ed 
Monday through 
Thursday at 7 p.m. under the direction of the Hon- 
Shine Company. 
The Hun-Shine Com­ pany is a non-depomlna- tional Child Evangelism 
Team from International 

DISTRESSED 
»^CARE a a a . 4 4 4 3 

JOHN HAGEE 
Pastor 

9:3 o A.M . 
‘TfARNING 
TO BfFlfXIRir 

1 o :3 o A.M . 
WORSHIP CIlfBRATIO» with Postor Hogtf... 

Bring your fomily to thf church you hova boon looking for — It’s exciting 
— it's olive — It’s for you! 

On (.• • a4 IO «tl«lt 19 

W mile W eit «t Central Forh 

A Nentfenemtnatlonel 

Felluwship of 

 angelical Believert 

R I B L I C O N f lR IN C E 
Christ Proshytarian Church 
5 44o Va n e a i« ck» a n 
Subject: ' Tkmonisni And The End Of The Age’ ipeakmn Dr. Merrill f, Unger 
Wa ll kn o wn Au th o r# L a ctu ra r, Pro fa e s 
Sunday,June 5, 11 A.M. 

7ioo P.M. 

••o r 
"Tht Moaning Of 
Pantacost For Today" 
"Th* Gifts O f The 
Spirit In The Early 
Cnurch And Todoy" 
Monday, June 6, 7:3o P.M. 
Tuasday, Juno 7, 7:3o P.M. 
"Diving Vgrius Demonic Healing" 

‘Demonism And Present 
Day Religious Confusion" 

ST. JOHN BO SCO SCHOOL 
5 63 o W. Commerce St 

Expands this summer to include n e w facilities, a CAFETORIUM, and an 
EARLY C H ILD H O O D CENTER. You can also b o a part of St. John Sosco’s dedicated work for youth by PRAYING, W O R K IN G , D O N A TIN G , A N D IN. 
VITING others to join in his work. The G ood Lord who is never outdone in generosity will abundantly reward everything you do. W e will have a 
M EM O RIAL PLAQUE at the entrance to th e building paying tribute to those who have most graciously taken part in St. John Bosco's Work. 

The M O S T REVEREND BISH O P PATRICK FLORES wilt officiate at the 
G R O U N D B R EA K IN G C ER EM O N Y on M ay 29# 1977. 

San Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— Saturday M ay 28 Ì 9 77 
CACTUS JACK 

Co ntinupd fro m Page IB him. su ch as* takin g his arm when he walked down steps. 
“ He tore in to me on ly on e time. On ce he fell an d I reached down to help him get u p. Oh. he blessed me ou t for try - in g to help him.” 
Barrow read Garn er’s mail an d the n ewspapers to him. 
“ He watched the n ews on TV bu t his real TV in terest was baseball,” Bar­ row said. “ He got two telev ision sets be<*aiise sometimes there were two baseball games on at the same time.” 
Baseball was a life-lon g in ti'rest of ijarn er s. In high s<'hoo| at FHossom 
F’rairie, u p n ear the Bed Kiv er. he made spen din g mon ey play in g base­ ball 
The n ew Tex as Han dbook reports he was shortstop for the Voon Sou p Hol- low-Blossom Prairie team. 
Years later on e of his closi'st fru -n ds was dim Farley , who was on e of those chiefly respon sible For F ran klin 
Itoosev elt becom in g 
P residen t. 
Thou gh fian ii'r an d P'arley came from far diffi'ren t haekgron mis — Farley was a New Yorker — they shared an in terest in baseball 
Farley had been a First baseman , kn own as “ Stretdi" Farley . 
Ba s e ba lls 
In the Garn er Mn si iim are a n u mber of au tographed baseballs, in clu din g on e sign ed by Babe Kiith. 
Du rin g his M y ears in Washin gton as con gressman . Hou se speaker an d v ice presiden t, the Washin gton team was 
(iarn er’s great lo\e 
.\mon g his baseballs au tographed by 
Washin gton play ers is »)n <‘ from Zeke 
P.on n ra. Lu mberin g Zeke cou ld hit a bail a mile. Bu t he was probably the worst fodder wtio f'\<>r play ed first base in (he big leagu es. 
Garn er an d karb'v broke with FDR when he sou ght a third i<*rm. He won . 
Bu t Horn by believ es Garn er an d Far­ ley were respon sible for the eon stitu - 

Oft a ho a rd in the Ga rner 
Museum is a d isp la y o f a n a ee-hig h stra ig ht flush in sp a d es 
— • the hig hest p o s­ sib le p o k er ha nd . The na mes o f tho se who g a ve it to Ga rner sta rt with Ha rry 
Truma n 

(ton al amen dmen t limitin g presiden ts to two terms. 
“Garn er was con sidered a con serv a­ tiv e,” Horn hy said. “ He was fiscally con serv ativ e. Bu t Garn er was chiefly 
'respon sible for chan gin g the in come tax from a flat rale to progressiv ely higher rate's on larger in come. 
“ He had a big han d in restrictin g child labor an d was a close frUn id of 
Samu el Gompers, the labor leader.” 
Jo hn L. Lewis 

It was an other labor leader wfm brou ght Garn er his greatest n otoriety 
— John L. Lewis. 
Garn er was critical of the sit-down strikes when the u n ion s took posst*s- sion of the au tomobile plan ts. Lewis called G arn er “ a labor-baitin g, whisky -drin kin g, poker-play in g, e\i! old man .” 
That didn 't u pset Garn er — he pro­ bably took s« *cret pride in it. 
What is m» t widely kn own , Horn hy reports, is that U'wis on ce came throu gh Uv alde an d called Garn er. 
On ly those who liv erl throu gh Prohi­ bition day s can appreciate fu lly the 
“ whisky -drin kin g” charge. It was n o secret that after Con gress adjou rn ed for the day . Garn er an d his con gres­ sion al cron ies gathered to “ strike a blow for liberty .” 
Their drin k was “ Bou rbon an d braiK'h water.” Garn er’s fav orite was 
Jack Dan iel’s, liu t this will be a su rprise. In later 

 y ears Garn er also liked tequ ila. When a frien d wen t across the border he was ex pected to brin g back a cou ple of bottles. 
Of cou rse. Garn er n ev er dran k more than he shou ld an d he stopped drin kin g en tirely shortly before his ilOth birth­ day . Bu t when a frien d came in , the first thin g Garn er asked him was if he didn ’t wan t a drin k. 
Po ker 
Garn er was prou d of his poker play ­ in g — an d those with whom he play ed were his closest frien ds. 
On a board in the Garn er Mu seu m is a display of an ace-high straight flu sh in spades — the highest possible poker han d. The n ames of those who gav e it to Garn er start with Harry Tru man . 
Bon n ie an d 
I talked with George E. 
Jolley , a lon g-time farm machin ery dealer in Uv alde an d Sabin al. Jolley had lon g had bu sin ess dealin gs with 
Garn er, who was a tou gh bargain er an d a shrewd lawy er an d bu sin essman . 
G arn er on ce own ed su bstan tial stock in n in e Sou th Tex as ban ks. Mu ch of this stock was giv en to Sou thwest 
Tex as Ju n ier College in Uv alde. 
Jolley ’s association with Garn er is a story in itself. Jolley was U v alde may or in 1952 when Garn er, withou t n otiei', gav e the fin e old Garn er home to the city for a mu seu m. 
Bon n ie an d I spen t sev eral hou rs at the mu seu m 
— set amid thos« i iin mafehed oaks an d pecan s that are a trademark of Uv alde. After giv in g this hom(‘ for the mu seu m. Garn er liv ed in a smaller hiiu se ju st behin d it for the remain in g 15 y ears of his life. 
Curato r 
At the mu seu m we talked with Mrs. 
R Hu gh P orter, m u seu m cu rator, 
Mrs. Kin caid an d others. Mrs. Porter took u s throu gh the mu seu m an d told u s the won derfu l story Ijack of the mo,st importan t items. 
The life of the Garn ers u n folds here. 
There are hu n dreds of pictu res. 

. 
WKMW' 
I l k 
’ 
Harry Hornby Jr., editor and publisher of the Uvalde Leoder-News, was a close friend of John Garner in Garner's later years. 
When Garner died, Hornby devoted page after page of his newspaper to stories and pictures on rtie life of the former vice president. Garner came to Uvalde in 1893, when he was 24 and supposedly threatened by deoth with tubercubsis. He died 
Nov. 7, 1967, ¡ust 15 days short of his 99th birthday. 

Here’s Garner — to p hat awkwardly back o n his head — and Mrs. Garner o n their way to dinner with the king and queen o f England — then two lo ng tables o f guests at o ne o f the dinners the Garners gav e each y ear fo r Presi­ dent Ro Ov Sev elt — a great picture o f 
Garner and his friend. Will Ro gers, at a So uth Tex as barbecue. 
The wall filled with gav els is a sto ry in itself. Here are a few: 
A gav el made fro m a rail split by 
Go v . Jim Ho gg — o ne fro m a timber put in the White Ho use ro o f after the 
British burned it in 18 15 — o ne fro m a po plar tree under which Ro bert E. Lee said farewell to his tro o ps — o ne fro m wo o d fro m the ship o n which Oliv er 
Hazard Perry fo ught the British o n 

Lake Erie (“ We hav e met the enemy and they are o urs” ) — o ne with the head fro m an elm under which Sam 
Ho usto n signed a treaty with the In­ dians and the handle fro m a Garner pecan tree — o ne fro m wo o d fro m a staircase in the o ld Co llingswo rth 
Co unty Co urtho use carry ing bullet ho les fro m a cattleman-nester gun battle. . . 
I canno t end th is sto ry witho ut telling when I saw Gamer. 
When I was a Memphis newspaper­ man in my early 2os I was sent to Wa­ shingto n o n a sto ry . It was my first time to go to Washingto n and I was so impressed that I bo ught a pair o f spats and bo rro wed a derby hat. 
A newspaperm an to o k me to a 

Garner press co nference in the Capito l. 
It was just befo re o r just after the 19 3 2 electio n. 
A real furo r was under way . The 
Depressio n was at its wo rst — banks were clo sing and Ro o sev elt had just said there wasn’t a bank in the United 
States in which mo ney was safe. Ho w edito rs, pundits and o ppo sing po liti­ cians to re into him as irrespo nsible. 
As we cro wded into Garner’s o ffice 
— there sto o d a rugged little man. Yo u nev er fo rgo t his sandy -white ey ebro ws. 
A repo rter quickly asked: 
“ Mr. Speaker, what abo ut Ro o se­ v elt’s charge abo ut the banks? ” 
Garner nev er paused: 
“ Well, it’s the truth, ain’t it? ” 
And that was that. 
Mrs. Garner o utstanding, also 

No sto ry o n Jo hn Garner is co mplete witho ut the sto ry o f his wife, Ettie Rheiner Garner. 

They were married in 18 9 .i. When Garner went to Co ngress in 19 tl3 , Mrs. Garner became his secretary . She filled this po st 3 o y ears. 

To day , when keeping a co ngressman and his staff co sts mo re than $1 millio n a y ear, life o f a co ngressman in tho se early y ears is incredible. 

“ Mrs. Garner and I liv ed in a bo arding ho use," Garner o nce said in an interv iew. 
“ There was no o ffice building fo r co ngressmen. 
1 had to make my o ffice al the bo arding ho use and was allo wed no mo ney fo r o ffice rental. 

“ I ro de a streetcar the mile o r mo re to and fro m the Capito l. 

“ I go t $5.<111o in salary and a secretarial al­ lo wance o f $1,2oo a y ear. My wife was my se­ cretary and run my o ffice.” 

Mrs. tiaro er was no ted fo r the effectiv e way she ran the Garner o ffice, but there was ano ther side to Mrs. Garner. She was a fine artist. 

The museum has a number o f first-class paintings by her. Her hand-painted china is beautiful and her needlewo rk o utstanding. 
Ma sseuses lo se a p p ea l fo r p ermits 

San An ton io doesn ’t hav e to han d ou t work permits to masseu ses who don 't im*el regu latory ordin an ce requ iremen ts despite a district cou rt orcler to do so. 
That’s the effect of a ru lin g Friday by the three-man Fou rth Cou rt of Civ il Appeals on a plea from the city . 
Three ^ on ie n seekin g m aaseu se perm its — 
Michiko F. Clark, Barbara A. Miller an d Cin dy Lee 
An derson — had fih'd a con tempt motion again st the 

C i t y an d Polici* Chief E.E. PtJers becau se of 
I'on tiiiu ed refu sal to issu e the permits. 
A district coiirf earlier this mon th issu ed a temporary in ju n ction freezin g a|iplication of the edu cation al re(|u iremen ts in the city ’s massage jiatior regu latory ordin an ce. 
That regu lation requ ires applican ts to take a special three-semester-hou r cou rse in applied an a­ tomy an d phy siology before they can be gran ted a work permit. 
San An ton io <'laimed, in its presen tation Friday , — as a city u n der Tex as law — it does n ot hav e to obey the lowiT cou rt order becau se it has already ap­ pealed the temporary in ju n ction award. 
The apjMials cou rt agreed. 
So the women don ’t gel their work permits. 
McManus’ wife seeks div o rce 

HOUSTON (A P) - f'orrn er San An ton io high school footbai! coach 
V'ern on Fu gcn e Mc.Man - u s. recen tly con \icted an d sen ten ced to death in the slay in g of a Bay town cou ple, was su ed fu r di­ v orce Friday . 

.McMan u s was coach at 
MacArfhu r High School 
11! 1969-7 o. 

Regin a Ly n n McMan ­ u s, 2S, cited discord or con flict of person alities in the petition filed in state district cou rt. It said the cou ple was mar­ ried Sept. 28, 197 2 an d separated May 1. 
Mrs. McMan u s asked for cu stody of the cou ­ 

 ple’s daughter, Chrissy 
Michelle. 2, and stated in the suit that no co mmun­ ity pro perty needs to be div ided. 
McManus, 3 4, was co n­ v icted May 19 in the last 
July slay ing o f Paul and 
Mary 
Cantrell. 
The bo dies o f the electrical co ntracto r and his wife were fo und in their Bay ­ to wn ho me. The state al­ leged the co uple was killed in a scheme to co l­ lect estate and insurance mo nty . 
McManus is a fo rmer area high scho o l fo o tball star and o ne time assis­ tant fo o tball co ach at 
Lamar U niv ersity in 
Beaumo nt. 

S spütaiiilar! 

$ 3 6 9 
J 

You'll be amazed at the sensational savings that await you at 
Fisher's! Right now, you can have a fantastic sofa-sleeper at an incredible Va o ff. Choose from a wide selection of styles, colors and fabrics (only a few are illustrated here). 
Add a bedroom to your home without remodeling . . . and save now during Fisher's spectacular sleeper sole! 

'TV, 

'ik m 

Reg. $S<SO. 

$ 5 
7 

CHARGE 
A. Traditional bose pilbw-bock sofo-sleeper upholstered in beautiful plaid butterscotch herculon. Button arm bolsters. 
Reg. $5 5 o ... »/a OFF . . . . . . . . . . ................ 
$36« . 
Matching loveseat-sieeper (not illustrated) 
Reg. $45o ... Vi O F F .................. 
$2 9 9. 
B. Attractive Early American sleeper upholstered in plaid herculon. 
Natu ral maple accents. Reg. $639 ... Vi OFF 
.................... $4 2 9. 
C. Elegant contemporary sleeper upholstered in plush velvet. On rollers. 
Reg. $75o ... '/a OFF 
......................................... 
$49 9. 
D. Exquisite sofa-sleeper upholstered b sumptuous velvet. Plump seat and back cushions, four arm pillows. Reg. $859 ... V% OFF.. . . $379. 
E. Fashionable Haitain cotton sbeper with arm bolsters. On rollers. 
Reg. $859 ... V% OFF 
..................... 
$379. 

Open Daily 1o-6 Thurs. 1o-9 
(CloseH Sundays) 

Reg. 575o. 

FREE DELIVERY 
WITHIN 5 o MIUS 
OF SAN ANTONIO 

"X. 

Reg. $859 

1 4 5 o N.E. Loop 4 1 o 

.JI.Ï 11 fVJl l., .l I 

M '''‘i ' i ‘ 
1 
• 

'^d istinctive ho me furnishing s' 

' o f so n a nto nio 
Phon« 8 2 4 -o 5 7 5 

Go ttfiried lo ses duel 

#m 

By MIKE BRUTON 
OF THE EXPRESS-NEWS STAFF 

ATHENS, Ga . — Old ma n sun, which ha d been hidden by o v er­ ca st skies fo r the first fo ur da y s o f the 1 977 NCAA Tennis To ur­ na ment, bro ke thro ug h Frida y during the first ro und o f the sing les a nd do ubles co mpetitio n to cla im its prey . 

The blazin g su n , hu m idity an d ex ­ hau stio n fro m fo u r d ay s o f te am matehes to o k Us to ll, as n in e o f the 16 seedt'd sin gles p lo v ers an d o n e st*eded d o u b le s te a m w ere u p set in the o p en in g two ro u n ds. In clu ded in tha t n u m b e r w as fifth-se e d e d 
L a rry 
G o ttfried o f T rin ity , who su fft'red his third lo ss o f the y e a r again st 28 win s. 
USC’s C’hris Lewis, who had been beaten by Go ttfried twice this y ear, zip p ed by theTU p lay er 6-2, B-3. 
“ I was really tired p hy sically an d m e n tally ," said G o ttfried, who had three trip le-set m atches in team p lay . 
"My legs are stiff. I m ade a lo t o f u n ­ fo rced erro rs, bu t I'm n o t try in g to say he (Lewis) didn ’t p lay well." 
Bu t Go ttfried was n o t alo n e in his tro u bles. Mart Dav id o f Califo rn ia beat six th-seeded Nial Brash o f San Jo se 
State 7 -H, 6-1; U tah's Ken t Crawfo rd raced by sev en th-seeded Bru ce Kleege 

1^ f i t s I LTS, Puge 5 € 

 o f Brigham Yo u n g 6-4, 6-4; an d Geo r­ gia's 
Charlie 
Ellis delighted the ho meto wn fan s with a thrillin g 2-6, 7 -6, 
7 -6 v icto ry o v er eighth-seeded Ran dy 
Crawfo rd o f TCU. 
The o ther .seeded p lay ers who were 

See UPSETS, Pa g e 4 C 

 sun 
BILL LUim iKOWSKI 

A g ra dua te to remember 

Bill Ludwiko wski. a .sta ndo ut fo o tba ll pla y er a t Ho lmes Hig h Scho o l fo r three y ea rs until felled by ca ncer la st June, died Frida y a t 3:4 3 p.m. in Wiifo rd 
Ha ll Medica l Center. He wa s 18 . 

Ludwiko wski ha d been ho spita lized fo r the pa st fiv e weeks a fter do cto rs disco v ered tha t ca ncer ha d g o ne into his bo ne ma rro w . 

He wa s o pera ted o n June » th a nd ha d his pro sta te a nd bla dder remo v ed. He a lso ha d to ha v e the ly mph no des belo w his dia phra m remo v ed. The sev en do cto rs who o pera ted o n Bill fo r 15 ho urs tha t da y a lso scra ped the nerv es o f his leg s, since they were ha rmed by the ca ncer. 

But Ludwiko wski kept a stro ng spirit thro ug ho ut his o rdea l. He a lso sta v ed current with his scho o l wo rk, finishing sev enth in his cla ss scho la stica lly 
.Tie ha d a lso receiv ed a fo ur-y ea r scho la rship to Princeto n. 

.'knd he did no t miss his g ra dua tio n either. .Altho ug h Ho La es held the co mmencement Frida y nig ht, o fficia ls fro m the scho o l presented Bill with his diplo ma Just o ne ho ur befo re he died. 

Ludwiko wski’s strug g le wa s the subject o f a fea ture sto ry in the Ex press- 
News la st No v ember. No t o nce did he co mpla in o r bro o d. Ra ther, he wa s tha nkful fo r Just being a liv e. 

He will be buried Thursda y a t Fo rt Sa m Ho usto n. A requiem ma ss will be held a t St. Greg o ry ’s, but a da te ha s no t been set. 

BRUTON 

I i N an A n t o n io 
Kxprowi« SPORTS 

Page 
I -C 
H 
Saturday May 28 19 7 7 

1RS b lues 

B A Y L O R ’S Duncan Sh an klin a v o id s slide o f Bill D oran in double p la y try w i r e p h o t o 

By JEFF GROSSMAN 
OF THE EXF-RESS NEW S STAFF 

They a re but three ra ndo m letters, y et they ma ke no rma lly ca lm men quiv er a s if they ha d just been g o ng ed. 
1RS. 

An d that federal agen cy n ew p re ­ sen ts m ere o f a threat te the fi.scal w ell-bein g o f co llege fo o tball than rain y v Satu rdu js an d the fly in g wedge c o m b in e d , say m e m b e r s o f the 
NCAA, 
‘‘It wo u ld p ro bably be the last straw fo r co llege athletics,” 
So u thwest C'o n feren ee 
C o m m is s io n e r Cliff 
Sp eegle to ld the Ex - p ress-News. 
•‘I t ’s the b igge s t fin an cial thre a t I’v e ev er seen to co llege sp o rts.” 
The threat co mes fro m the In tern al 
Rev en u e Serv ice which has au dited fo u r u n iv ersities an d the Co tto n Bo wl to d e te r m in e ho w m u ch ra d io an d telev isio n m o n ey has been receiv ed an d to determ in e if it is tax able. 

GROSSMAN 

. . . it wo uld put us in tro uble, espe­ cia lly with the o ther thing s the g o v ern ­ m ent ha s a sked us to do .” 

Su ch mo n ey has alway s been tax -lree fo r edu calio n al lu slitu tio n s. Hu t the 
IBS is re-ex amin in g its p o licy in light o f a p ro v isio n which directs that mo n ­ ey o iitamed by a tax -ex emp t mstitiu - tio n in "u n related bu sin esH" sho u ld bo tax E'd. 
The fo u r scho o ls which hav e u n dt>r- go u e IBS scru tin y are Stiu thern Mo th- 
(idist Un iv ersity , Tex as Christian Un i­ v ersity , the Un iv ersity o f So u thern Ca­ lifo rn ia an d Kan sas Un iv ersity . 
‘‘I do n ’t thin k it wo u ld en d co llege fo o tball if the IRS su c c e e d s," Dick 
Dav is, athletic direc to r o f SMU, to ld the Ex p ress-News. ‘‘Bu t it wo u ld p u t u s in tro u ble, esp ecially with the o ther 

See IRS, Pa g e 4 € 
IMUK BAVIS 
Seed so iled 

ATHENS, Giii. — No w the NCAA to ur­ na ment co mmittee mig ht feel it wa s jus­ tified. 

Friday , du rin g the o p en in g ro u n d o f sin gles, 
Chris Lewis o f USC clip iied Trin ity 's Lu rry Go tt­ fried in straight sets 6-2, 6-3. It was Go ttfried’s third lo ss o f the a ga in s t 28 v icto ries. 
Wedn esday , while the Trin ity T igers were fightin g to stay aliv e again st SMU in the sem i­ fin als o f the team co mp etitio n , to u rn ey o fficials an d all the co aches ex cep t T rin ity ’s Bo bby 
McKin ley an d SM U's Jo hn G ardn er, held a meetin g to rearran ge the sin gle seedin gs. 
Du rin g that meetin g. Go ttfried, who had a du al match reco rd o f 27 -2 at that time, was dro p p ed fro m seco n d seed to fifth. Go ttfried had n o t lo st a match in the to u rn ey an d had disp o sed o f three o p p o n en ts, in clu din g All-American Lewis o f USC an d So u thwest Co n feren ce sin gles cham p Chris 
Delan ey o f SMU. 
USC’s Bru ce Man so n , a 197 6 sin gles sen iifin a- list, was mo v ed fro m fifth to seco n d. All o ther seeds rem ain ed the sa m e, in clu din g UCLA’s 
Fcrdi Tay gan ’s No . 3 ran kin g. Tay gan had been beaten twice in the to u rn ey , by Stan fo rd’s Matt 
Mitchell an d Tex as' Gary Flo ck. 
The TU p lay er had an o ther ex p lan atio n fo r his 

See SEED, Pa g e 4 C 

Ohio ices ho t Bea rs 
DISCOUNT STEREO’S PRE-INVENTORY 

ASSOCIATED PRESS 
ARLINGTON - M ia m i o f 
Ohio sco red fo ur runs o n just o ne hit in the fo urth inning a nd 
Ma rk Na ehring cra cked a fifth- inning ho m er to pro pel the 
Redskins to a 7-3 v icto ry o v er 
Ba y lo r in the NCAA So uth Cen­ tra l Reg io na l pla y o ffs Frida y nig ht. 

New Orlean s righthan der Gen e Ro ­ bin so n fired a fiv e-hitter to o u st Lam ar 
Un iv ersity 5-2 fro m the do u ble elimin - 
Aggies try again today 

SPECIAI TO THE EXPRESS-NEWS 
NORMAN. O kla. - H eav y rain fo rced p o stp o n emen t o f the o p en in g ro u n d o f the NCAA Midwest Regio n al baseball to u rn am en t Friday . 
Play has been reschedu led fo r Sa­ tu rday . begin n in g at 1 p .m . when 
Tex as .\&M meets So u thern Illin o is. 
Oklaho ma p lay s Michigan at 4 p .m. 

 alien to u rn am en t in the first gam e 
Friday . 
Bay lo r an d New Orlean s will m eet 
S atu rday at 1 p .m . fo r the right to tackle u n beaten Miami Satu rday n ight. 
The w in n er o f the to u r n a m e n t a d ­ v an ces to the Co llege Wo rld Series at 
Omaha, Neb.. Ju n e 1o-17 . 
Fo u r Bay lo r p itchers serv ed u p n in e walks to the Redskin s, n o w 45-13 fo r the y e a r as ru n n e ru p s in the Mid- 
America Co n feren ce. 
Bay lo r, n o w 4o-13, grabbed an early ' 
1-o lead o n a walk to Stev e Macko , who later sco red o n a Lu ke Prestridge sin ­ gle in the first in n in g. Back-to -back do u bles by Macko an d Fritz Co n n ally sco red an o ther Bay lo r ru n in the third in n in g. 
Walks to N aehrin g an d Je ff Ro w ­ lan ds an d a sin gle by Craig Bachman lo aded the bases with n o o u ts in the fo u rth in n in g as s ta r t in g p itc he r 
Sammy Bickham wen t to the sho wers. 
Jim Ho u se hit in to a fo rceo u t, sco rin g o n e ru n , an d Dan n y Hall walked to lo ad the bases again . Bill Do ran walked to fo rce in a ru n an d p in ch-hitler Dean 
■ilo lller hit a ro u tin e gr o u n d e r to sho rtsto p fo r a fo rceo u t at seco n d, bu t 
B ay lo r’s D u n can S han klin in to the stan ds, p ermittin g two mo re tallies. 

WE DON’T WANT TO COUNT IT! 

■ 
*: 
• • • < . 
■ 

 i . ’ 

■ ,M » * 
>#T, 
1,11 a. 

Ag ca g ers return 

KARL GODINE 
JARVIS WILLIAMS 

ASSOCIATED PRESS 
COLLEGE STATION - Ka rl Go dine a nd 
Ja rv is Willia ms, who helped Tex a s A&M to a So uthwest Co nference ba sketba ll cha m ­ pio nship in 1 975 -7H befo re being suspended, ca n pla y fo r the Ag g ies nex t sea so n, it wa s a nno unced PTida y . 

The Natio n al Co llegiate Athletic As.so ciatio n to ld 
Tex as A&M that it was bein g p u l o n p ro batio n fo r o n e y ear fo r alleged recru itin g irrcgu lan lK 's in ­ v o lv in g the two p ia>ers, who sat o u t last seaso n u n der an SWC su sp en sio n 
Dr Charles Samso n . A&M's athletic directo r, said he was in fo rmed by the .NCAA that ‘‘bo th Go din e an d 
Williams are eligible to p articip ate in tiie n ex t two regu lar basketball seaso n s, in clu din g the So u thwest 
Co n feren ce to u rn am en t.” 
Ho wev er, there was n o men tio n o f whether the two p lay ers wo u ld be eligible fo r NCAA p o stseaso n p lay . 
This IS a sep arate m atter with a decisio n still p en d­ in g, Samso n said. 
The So u thwest Co n feren ce su sp en ded W illiam s an d Go din e fo r o n e y ear late in the 197 5-7 6 seaso n . 

Low Low Price This 
Weekend Only! And 
SAVE ON EVERYTHING 

ELSE STOREWIDE! 

NO REASONABLE 

OFFER 

REFUSED! 

PIONEER’S 
KP-4ooo 
IN-DASH 8 TRACK 
WITH AM-FM! 

1 
1 
7 
. 6 
6 

ALSO SAVE ON: 

• AM-FM RECEIVERS 

• CASSETTE & — 
TRACK RECORDERS 

• INTEGRATED SYSTEMS 

• SPEAKER SYSTEMS 

• BLANK TYPES • MUCH MOREI 
WHILE THEY LAST! 

SAN PEDRO 
OPEN 
SATURDAY 
9A.M.-AP.M. 

 l O - M O N T h 
L A Y A W A Y 

 a -i 

662 4 SAN PÍDRO 

( N f x r TO P I Z ZA HUI) 
8 2 4 -7 2 9 6 

í^ARBACH P IA Z A 
(Military 'J.* VF. ol Morboch Äd,] 
•674 -7 5 2 3 

‘‘SUNDA^ 
STORI” 
MARBACH 
OPEN SUNDAY 
1oA.M.4P.M. 
TERMS 

Poge 
2»C 
H 
Son Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— Saturdoy May 28 197 7 

 m 
^ 
-V 
íT'f 
' Ä 
1 R t : 
. l i . % W i m 
* 
' ' 
-« 
A - 
; - t '•*■ Æ-'-. 
\ ^ 

SEATTLE SLEW gets a rubdow n from groom John ness, will moke his bid for the triple crown June 

Polston after a workout at Belmont Park. Seattle 
11 at the Belmont Stakes. — A P W irephoto 

Slew , winner o f the Kentucky D erby and Preak- 

S p o rts 
C a le n d a r 

SATURD AY: 
P ro Rosobatl: T u ls a o l Son A n to n io 
Dodgers, 7:3o o.m. 
College Tennis; T rin ity m en at N C A A 
Individual Tournament, Athens, Go.; Y ale women at Trinity, iO a.m. 
High School Boseboll; A A A A P lo y off. 
Roosevelt vs. AAarsholi, Inselmonn Field, 8 p.m (final game of best-of three series). 
College Trock; N A IA natlonol meet, A r k.odelohio. Ark. 
Motorsports: Drop racing. A lam o Drog- w av, 8:3o p.m .; 
Stock co r ra c in g , Pon 
Am erican Speedway, 8 p.m. 
Soccer: W om en’s c lin ic , O lm os B a sin 
Field, 1o a.m.; Cooches ond referees clin ic, e x p o sitio n D r. n e a r C oca-C ola B o ttlin g 
Plont, noon. (A ll persons wishing to learn about soccer coaching techniques ond of­ ficiating ore invited. 
No experience necessary.) 

Ho mers sp a rk 
Cub s b y Bucs 

A 
& 
I s i g n e e 

 m VING ~ Fred Stpphensuii. a 5-11 
All-Greater Dallas guard at Irving 
High School, has signed a Lone Star 
Conference pre-enrollment letter \\ith the Texas A&I University basketball team. 
Stephenson averaged 18.U points a game last season for the District 
9-AAA champion Irving team. 

2 5o o Broadway 1218 S. W . MilItaryJJrív® 

Steel Tennis 
Racket 
Quontities limited h l O 
M 
M 

OVER­ 
SIZE 
LEGAL 
RACKET 

Newest Design. 5o% more hitting area. Three times lorgei sweet spot. 
Make shots you’ve never mode before. 
Choose steel or oluminum. 

Don’t Pay 

$3o. to $7o. 

OVER-SIZE 

BUT STILL 

LEGAL. . . 

5o% More 

Hitting Area. 

SPALDING "PIN FLITE" G O LF BALLS. Lively Center, Dura- 
Tough Cover, Lifetime Whiteness. 

Sugg. Ret. 
/ d » 
» 
4 
Per Do*. 
____ 
$2.95 
PER DOZEN 
OPEN MEMORIAL DAY 

ASSOCIATED ERESS 
(■HICAGO — Home runs by 
Manny Trillo and Bobby Mureer backed the sharp pitching of Bill 
Bonham Friday and powered the Chicago Cubs to a 4-2 victory over the Pittsburgh Pirates. 

The triumph was the 19th in *24 games for the t'ubs who moved within ono-half game of the first place F’irates ill the National League Fust. 

Trillo’s homer, his fourth, capped a iwo-run fourth inning. Murcer hit his seventh of the season in the sixth to break a 2-2 tie and band ,Iohn (Cande­ laria, H-1. his first loss of the year. 
Pittsburgh look a 1-o lead in the se­ cond on singles by Al Oliver, Rennie 
Stennett and Phil Garner. 
Ca g e tip s 

The first session of the 
St. M ary’s University basketball camp for boys ages 8-14 will begin June 
o at the school’s Alumni 
Gym. 
Instructors at the camp will include St. Mary’s 
Head (’oach Fd Mess- barg(‘r; Earl Meyer, head coach of Burbank; and 
,Iim Alferi, head coach at 
.Antonian. 
The first session, one of five, will go until June 1o. 
The other sessions for the boys will be held June l:i-17, June 2o-24 and 
June ’iT-July 1. The ses­ sion for girls will be July 
4-8. 
Camp sessions will be conducted 
Monday through Friday from 9.3o a.m. until 4 p.m. 

J o h n so n la u d ed 

, Brent Johnson, an all- district football and baseball player at Jef- fetson, received an ap­ pointment to the U.S. 
M ilitary Academy al 
West Point, N.V., it was announced Friday. 

S o e e e r cliiiie 
A beginners soeeer clinic for women 18 and over will be held at 1o a.m. Saturday al the o1- mos Basin Sports Com­ plex. 
Another soccer clinic for persons interested in refereeing is scheduled for noon near the Coca- 
Cola Bottling Co.. 162 
Exposition. 

TENNIS 

BALLS 

» o - 

 con with eoch ovarsUe racket purchase. 

SAN ANTONIO/ 

 f f DOUBLE FUN" N IGH T 

JACK-IN-THE-BOX BALL NIGHT 
Free souvenier b a s e b a ll to the first 
1.ooo kids, 14 years old and under 
C o m p lim e n t s of Jack-In-The-Box 

WALT ''SKI PPER'' ALSTON 
R etire d I.A . Dodgers m anager and fQ .- ' m e W orl d Seri es W i nner, 
H e re n fomght a n d tomorrow. 

) r t c i q e r r j l t , a o ^ ! j 
,tnrjjtim 
3 o o » ^ 

Chicago scored twice in the fourth. 
I-arry Biitlner singled, look second on an infield out and scored on a single by 
.lerry Morales who was cut down try­ ing for second. Trillo followed with his homer. 
The I’irates tied it in the sixth. With one out, Frank Taveras who was hit by a pitch and stole second. Dave Parker grounded to short and Taveras was called out by umpire Andy Olson for interference. Oliver followed with a double to .score Parker. 
PITTSBURG H 
. CHICAGO......................... 
Ob r h bl . . 
Ob r h bi 
Moreno cf 
4 9 o o D eJsui ss 
4 o 1o 
Tveras ss 
3 o o 
o Clines 
If 
4 o o o 
Parker rt 
4 1o o Büttner lb 
4 2 3 o 
Oliver 
If 
4 12 1 Murcer rt 
4 1 1 1 
Strgll lb 
3 o o o JeM rls cf 
3 o 3 2 
Stnntf 
2b 
4 o 3 o Trillo 
2b 
4 t 
1 1 
Garner 
3b 
4 o 11 
Otvros 
3b 
2 o 
1o 
Dyer c 
2 o o o MtrwiO c 
3 o o o 
BRbnsn ph 
1 o o o Bonhom p 
3 o o o 
Cndira p 
3 o o o Bckner ph 
1o 
o o 
Oft ph 
1 o o o SuHer p 
o o o o 
Tkulve p 
o o o o 
Frsfer p 
o o o o 
OJones p 
o o o o 
.... 
32.2.o.2 Totol 
Total 
32.4.9.4 

Pittsburgh 
.................... 
o 1 o.o o 1.o o o— .2 
Chicago 
......................... 
o o o.2 o i .o 1 x— .4 
E —DeJesus. 
D P—Chlcogo 
1. 
LO B — 
Pittsburgh 
«, 
Chicago 
8. 
2B—Oliver, 
JeMorales. 
3B—JaMorotes. 
H R —Trillo 
(4), 
Murcer 
7. 
S B —DeJesus, 
Toveras. 
IP . ..H . R . E R B8 SO 
CondNrla 
(L ,F t) 
Tekulve 
Forster 
OJones 
Bonham 
(W,o-3> 
Sutter 
Save—Sutter 
(12). 

 i 
7 3 
I 
o o t-3 2 t 
23 o o 
8 
5 
2 
1 
1 o 
W P —Sutter. 
M B P - 
Bv 
Bonham 
(Taveras). 
T—2:27. 
A— 14,593. 

S p o r ts o n r a d lo - T V 

A 

Ya nk s ro ll o n 

ASSOCIATED PRESS 
NEW YORK - Reggie Jack­ son’s lowering home run touched off a five-run rally and 
Mickey Rivers ripped four sin gles as the New York Yankees downed the Chicago White Sox 
8-6 Friday night. 

Thurman Munson drove in three runs with a double, triple and sacrifice fly as the Yankees overcame an early fiverun deficit. 
The White Sox had knocked out New 
York starter Catfish Hunter in the se­ cond inning and built a 5-(l lead on a two-run homer by Oscar Gamble, a 
Ivvo-run single by Jim Essian and a sacrifice fly by Richie Zisk, who later tagged his 13th homer of the season. 
But Jackson’s seeond-inning blast halfway up in the right field bleachers, some 45o feet away, touched off the 
Yankee comeback. Rivers singled in another run aind Munson’s triple drove in two more, knocking out Chi­ cago starter Ken Brett. The first of three Chambliss hits, a single, tied the score. 
Two innings later, Chambliss dropped a pop fly double to left and scored on Jackson’s single. Then New 
York added two wrap-up runs in the sixth on Munson’s sacrifice fly and 
Chambliss’ third hit. 

 v.niv.MwV ab r h bi . . n r\ ab r h bi 
Bonistr ss 
$o 1 o Rntflph 
2b 
3 1 1 o 
Orta 
2b 
4 o o o Rivers cf 
$ 1 4 1 
Zisk rf 
4 2 2 2 Munson c 
4 12 3 
Gamble dh 
4 1 1 2 Chmbis lb 
4 1 3 2 
LJhnsn ph 
1 o o o RWhite 
If 
4 o o o 
Spncer 
1b 
4 o 1o Blair 
If 
o o o o 
StIImn 
If 
3 o o o ReJksn rf 
4 12 2 
Lemon cf 
4 13 o Netties 
3b 
3 1 o o 
Brhmer 
3b 
3 1 1 o Piniello dh 
4 o o o 
Essian c 
3 12 2 Dent ss 
4 2 3 o 
Garr ph 
1o o o 
Owning c 
o o o o 
.Totol 
3*.*.11.* Total 
33.8.1$.8 
Chlcoga 

2 3 o.ooo.1 o o - .* 
New 
York 

o 5 o.o 1 2.o o * — .8 
E —Etslon. 
LO B—Chicago 
7, 
Now 
York 
7. 
28—Mupson, 
ZItk, 
Chombllt», 
Bannis­ ter. 
3B—Munson. 
HR—Gomble 
(8), 
Re- 
Jackson 
(7 ), 
Zlsk 
(13). 
S F —Zlsk. 
Munson. 
IP . ..H . 
KBrett 
DalConton 
Hamilton 
Hunter 
TIdrow 
Lvte 
Save—Lyle 

(L,o-2) 

(W,4-2) 

1 2-3 
3 23 
2 2-3 
1 
7 1 

E R B B SO 
5 
1 
1 

(8). 
T-2:38. 
A-17,243. 
In d ia n a , 3 -1 

CLEVELAND (A P) — Wayne Gar­ land pitched a four-hitter Friday night to lead the Cleveland Indians to their fifth straight victory, a 3-1 decision over the Oakland A’s. 
OAKLAND 
..............C L E V E L A N D 
... 
. 
Ob r h bi . . ab r h bl 
MAIxdr ss 
1 o o o Monlng cf 
4 o o o 
Pccolo ss 
1 o o o Kuiper 
3b 
1o 1o 
LM ray ph 
1 o o o JN orris rt 
3 o 1o 
RScott ss 
1 o o o Dade 
It 
3 o t o 
Sngtlen dh 
4 o o o Bochte lb 
2 2 o o 
Page 
If 
4 o o o Corty dh 
3 13 
1 
Allen 
1b 
3 o o o Lwnstn pr 
o o o o 
Gross 
3b 
3 o 1o BBall 
3b 
4 o 11 
Wllams c 
3 o o o Kendall c 
3 o o o 
Jrgnsn rf 
3 1 1 o Duffy ss 
3 o o o 
Armas cf 
3 o 1o 
Perei 
2b 
2 o 11 
McKny ph 
1o o o 
Linn 
2b 
o o o o 
Totol 
.. ... 
3o.1.4,1 Totol 
....... 
2*.3.7.2 

Ookland 
........... 
Cleveland 
OP-Odkland 
1, land 
2, 
Cleveland per. 
S—JNorris. 

............. 
o o o . o o 1. o o o — . I 
o 2 o .e o 1 .o o x — .3 
Cleveland l. 
LO B—Oak- 
7. 
2B—Perez. 
S B —Kui- 

Blue 
(L,3-S) 
Gorland 
(W,2-S) 
W P—Blue. 
H B P —By 
1:58. A—16,557 

IP . ..H . R . E R B B SO 
8 
7 
3 
3 
* 2 
9 
4 
1 
1 
o 
4 
Blue 
(Kulper). 
T— 

A llg e ls, 4 -1 

TELEVISION 
Sa turda y 
11:3 o a .m. (Ch. 4 ) — Ara Pa rseg h- ia n's Spo rts. 
3 p.m. (Ch. 4 ) — Gra ndsta nd. 
3 :15 p.m. (Ch. 4 ) — Cincinna ti Reds v s. Lo s Ang eles Do dg ers. 
3 :3 o p.m. (Ch. 5 ) — CBS spo rts Spec­ ta cula r: Ga ry Wells a ttempts a wo rld reco rd mo to rcy cle jump o v er ca rs; 
PRCA Ro deo Inv ita tio na l; Brunswick 
Mix ed Do ubles Bo wling Cha mpio n­ ship. 
3 :3 o p.m. (Ch. 12) — .ABC’s Wide 
Wo rld o f Spo rts: The Gra nd Prix o f 
Mo na co a nd the India na po lis '*5 oo” 
Pit-sto p Cha mpio nship. 
6 p.m. (Ch. 4 1) — Wrestling . 
1o p.m. (Ch. 41) — Bo x ing . 

Sunda y 
No o n (Ch. 4 ) - WCT $2oo,ooo To ur­ na ment o f Cha mpio ns. 
12:45 p.m. (Ch. 41) — So ccer. 
1:3 o p.m. (Ch. 4 ) — Tex a s Ra ng ers' v s. Milwa ukee Brewers. 
1:3 o p.m. (Ch. 5 ) — Wo rld Ra cquets 
Cha mpio nship: Fiv e ra cquet cha m ­ pio ns co mpete a g a inst ea ch o ther in ea ch g a me, (tennis, squa sh, ra cquet- ba ll, ba dminto n a nd ta ble tennis), but no t in their o wn specia lty . 
2:3 o p.m. (Ch. 3 ) - NBA Fina ls. 
Phila delphia Ifiers v s. Po rtla nd Tra il 
Bla zers, Ga me 3 . 
2:3 o p.m. (Ch. 12) — The America n 
Spo rtsma n: Curt Go wdy fishes fo r ba rra cuda ; La rry Cso nka , Jim Kiick a nd Grits Gresha m hunt do v e in Mex ­ ico ; fo rmer Oly mpic skier Suzy Cha fee lea rns to fly a ho t-a ir ba llo o n. 
3 p.m. (Ch. 4 1) — Kno cko ut: Bo x ing 
Hig hlig hts. 
3 :3 o p.m. (Ch. 12) - Wo rld Inv ita ­ tio na l Tennis Cla ssic: Hie Na sta se a nd 
Ma rtina Na v ra tilo v a v s. Ro d La v er a nd 
Virg inia Wa de. 
8 p.m. (Ch. 12) —• India na po lis “ 5 o9 ” 
Liv e Co v era g e with Ja ckie Stewa rt, 
Jim McKa y a nd Chris Eco no ma kl. 

R.ADIO 
Sa turda y 
8:45 p.m. (WOAI, 12oo) - Ho usto n 
Astro s v s. Sa n Dieg o Pa dres. 
Sunda y 
2:45 p.m. (WOAI, 12oo) — Astro s v s. 
Pa dres. 
SWT shines 

SPECIAL 1o THE EXPRESS-NEWS 

A R K A D E L U lllA . 
Ark. 
™ 
Polo vuuIliTs Bill Sparks and Bruce King of 
Southwest Texas both cjualified for th(.* finals with l<>aps of 14-11 Friday at the 
.N.AIA .National .M(*et. 
The finals are Saturday. 
Edwin Price of SWT failed to qualify in the 4oo-meters, finishing sixth in his 
M'f:ufinai heal with a 47.76. Sprinter id ( ook of SWT scratched in both the 
U)o ind iO*)-ni8ter runs because of a 
.tolled muKi'le 

TORONTO (A P) — Gary Ross and 
Paul Hartzell combined for a six-hitter and California scored thrtn* runs on only one hit in the seventh inning as the Angels defeated the Toronto Blue 
Jays 4-1 Friday night. 
C ALIFO RN IA 
TORONTO ab r h bt . . ab r h bi 
Flores cf 
4 o 1o JScott cf 
4 12 o 
Remy 
2b 
$ o 1 o Bailor ts 
4 o o o 
Soloita 
1b 
2 o o o Howell 
3b 
4 o 1o 
Romrez pr 
o 1o o Fairly dh 
3 9 o 1 
Aikens 
1b 
1o 1o Velez rf 
4 o 1o 
RoJksn lb 
o o o o Ewing 
If 
3 o 1o 
Rudi 
II 
41 1 o Autt 
1b 
3 o o o 
Bonds rf 
4 2 11 Ashby c 
3 o 1o 
Baylor dh 
3 o o o HTrres 
2b 
3 o o o 
Chalk 
3b 
3 o 1o 
Grich 
S t 
2 o o 1 
Hmphy c 
4 o 2 1 
Totol 
32.4.8.3 Total 
31.1.6 .1 
CoHfornia 
o o o.o o 
o.3 o 1-.4 
Toronto 
..... 
1 o o.o o o.o o o— .1 
E —Howtll 
2, 
Boilor, 
Ashby, 
Grich. 
D P—Californio 
2. 
LO B—CoHfornia 
15, 
To­ ronto 
4. 
28—Aikons. 
SB—JScott, 
Bonds, 
Cholk. 
S—Baylor, 
Chalk. 
S F —Folrly, 
Grich, 
Humphrey. 

Rost 
(W,2-2) 
Hortzell 
Singer j Johnson 
Save—Hartzell 
(L,1-2) 
(4). 

IP . 
7 
2S 
4 
H B P —By 

E R B B SO 
1 
o 
2 
o 
o 
o 
o 
4 
1 
1 
5 
3 
Singer 

KANSAS C ITY 
BOSTON ab r h bi ab r h bi 
GBrett ‘ 
3b 
4 o o o 
Burlton 
SS 
$ 2 2 o 
McRae dh 
4 1 1 t 
Lynn cf 
4 12 1 
Otis cf 
3 o 1o 
DCImn cf 
o o o o 
Cowens rl 
4 o o o Rice dh 
$ 1 o o 
Mybrry lb 
4 o 3 o Ystmki 
If 
4 13 2 
Porter c 
4 o o o 
Corbo 
If 
o o o o 
Roias 
2b 
4 o 2 o 
Fisk c 
3 1 1 2 
Pqette 
If 
4 o 1o GScott lb 
4 1 1 1 
Patek ss 
3 o o o Evans 
Hobson 
Doyle 

 rf 
3b 
2b 

4 o 1o 
4 1 1 o 
3 2 2 1 
Total 
34.1,8,1 
Total 
3*.1o.13.7 
Kansas 
City 
... 
o o o .oo o .o 1 o— .1 
Boston 
. 
. 
1 o 2.1 o o.6 o X— 1o 
E —Potek, 
GScott. ■' O P—Kontos 
City 
2. 
LO B—Kansas 
City 
7, 
Boston 
$. 
2B— M O V ­ berry. 
Burleson 
2, 
ILynn, 
Hobson, 
Evans. 
H R —Fisk 
(8), 
GScott 
(11), 
M cRoe 
(3). 
SB-OHs 
2. 
IP . ..H . R. E R B B SO 
Leonord 
{L,2-$) 
4 1-3 11 
9 
8 
1 
9 
Pattln 
2-3 2 
1 
1 
o 
1 
Mkigori 
1 
o o 
o 
1 
o 
Jenkins 
(W,$-4> 
9 
o 
1 
1 
1 
* 
W P - Leonard. 
H B P - B y 
Leonard 
(Ooyle). 
T—2:23. 
A - 23,472. 

Dan Cook 

Da n Co o k is o n v a ca tio n. His co lumn will resume when he returns. 
_____________ 
Tig ers spo il 
Bird debut 

DETROIT (A P) — Second baseman Tito Fuentes’ error in the sixth inning let in the winning run as the Seattle Mariners edged the Detroit Tigers 21 Friday night and spoiled the season pitching debut of Mark “ The Bird” Fidyrch. 
Sena to r sup p o rts 
TV g rid 

O r io le s, 6 -o 

Dan Meyer hit a two-out double in the inning. Then Stein’s routine grounder bounced off Fuentes’ glove, allowing Meyer to score. 
Another poor fielding play led to the first Seattle run in the fifth. Bob Stin­ son singled and Larry Milbourne hit a one-out fly ball to center. Ron LeFlore appeared to catch the ball over his shoulder, but he dropped it and it was ruled a double. Then Dave Collins hit a sacrifice fly. 
Fidrych, the American League’s 
1976 Rookie of the Year, came off the injured list Tuesday after undergoing knee surgery in March. A crowd of 
44,2o7 jammed Tiger Stadium to watch the Bird, who gave up eight hits. 
SEA T T LE 
................ D ETR O IT 
............... 
........................... Ob r h b i ........................... 
Ob r fi bi 
Collins dh 
1o 11 LaFIre cf 
4 o o o qraun 
If 
4 o 1o Funtas 
2b 
4 o o o 
Rujnas cf 
4 o o o 
Staub dh 
3 o 2 o 
Stanton rf 
4 o o o Kama if 
3 o o o 
Looaz rf 
o o o o Tmgsn 
1b 
2 o o o 
Mayor lb 
4 1 1 o Crcrn rf 
3 o o o 
Stain 
3b 
4 o o o M M ay c 
3 o o o 
Stinson c 
4 12 o Mkwski 
3b 
3 o o o 
CR dds ss 
4 o 1o V trvzr ss 
2 1 1 1 
MIbrne 
2b 
4 o 2 o MSfnIy ph 
1 o o o 
Total 
....... 
33.2.1,1 Total 
....... 
2o.1.3.1 
Stoffla 
............. 
... 
. 
ooo.o 1 1.ooo— .2 
Detroit 
. 
oo 1.o o o oo o— .1 
E —Fuontes. 
O P—Soattla 
2, 
Oatroit 
1. 
LOB—Soottla 
7, 
Datroif 
1. 
2B—Staub, 
Mil­ bourne. 
HR—V eryzor 
(2). 
S B —CRevnolds. 
S—Collins. 
S F —Collins. 
IP . . H. R . E R B B SO 
Abbott 
(W,2-4) 
*1-3 
3 
1 
1 
1 
2 
Kekich 
2 2-3 
o o 
o 
o 
2 
Fidrych 
(L,o-1) 
9 
8 2 
1 
1 
3 
Save-Kekich 
(2). 
W P —Fidrych. 
T— 
1:41. A—44,2o7. 

C a rd s, 7 -3 

ST. LOUIS (A P) - Ken Reitz hit the first grand slam homer of his major league career to cap a six-run rally in the fourth inning and send the St. 
Louis Cardinals to a 7-3 triumph over the slump-ridden Montreal Expos F ri­ day night. 
M O N TREA L 
ST.. LO UIS 
.............. 
Ob r h bi 
4 o 1o 
o o o o 
4 13 1 
3 1 1 1 
4 1 1 o 
3 1 1 1 
1o o o 
4 12 o 
4 1 1 4 
3 o o o 
2 o o o 
1 1 1 o 

34.3.8.3 Total 
.... 
33.7.11.7 
...................... 
o 1 1.1 o o .o o o — .3 
...................... 
oo o * o o.1 Ox— .7 
I. 
LO B—Montreal 
*, 
St. 
28—DaRader, 
Perez, 
Unser, 
Anderson, 
Garrett. 
3B— 

(Rudi). 
T—2:1$. 
A—24,779. 
R ed S o x , 1o -1 

BOSTON (.AP) — Carlton Fisk and 
George Scott hit consecutive home runs in the seventh inning to pace the 
Boston Red Sox to a 1o-1 victory over the Kansas City Royals Friday night. 

 ab r h bi . . 
Cosh 
Ú 
4 o o o Brock 
' if ' * 
Crmrte 
If 
4 o 1o CCarrll 
P 
Garrett 
3b 
3 o 1o Tmpltn ts 
Perez 
1b 
4 1 1 o Sc(Rt cf 
EVItnc rf 
3 o o o KHrndz 
1b 
Unter cf 
4 o 11 HCruz rf 
Speier ts 
4 1 1 o Mumry 
If 
Foote c 
4 o 11 OoRder c 
Alcoto p 
1 1 1 1 Reitz 
3b 
F Has ph 
1 o o o Tyson 
2b 
JBrown 
o 
o o o o Dierker 
P 
Mcknin ph 
1o 1o Andrtn r( 
McEny p 
o o o o 
Carter ph 
1o o o 
Total 
....... 
Montreot 
St. 
Louis 
DP—Montreal 
Louis 
3. 
KHernondez, 
Foote, 
Cromartie, 
Templeton. 
(1), 
Reitz 
(4). 
SB—Templeton. 
IP . ..H . 
Alcala 
(L.1-2) 
4 
8 
JBrown 
2 
1 
McEnoney 
2 
2 
Dierker 
(W ,M ) 
7 
7 
CCorroll 
2 i 

H R —Alcoia 

N EW .Y O R K 
. PH IL A 
Ob rh b i . . 
MZZiltl cf 
$ o o o Maddox cl 
Randle 
2b 
$ o o o Jhtfne rf 
Milner 
1b 
$ o 3 o Schmdt 
3b 
Storns c 
4 1 1 1 Hrmon 
3b 
Vail rf 
4 o o o Hebner 
1b 
Lockwd 
P 
o o o o Martin 
If 
Kngmn 
Ph 
1 o o o Hutton 
If 
B sciai r if 
4 13 o Boone c 
Phlipt ss 
4 o o o Szmore 
2b 
Stoigr 
3b 
41 31 
Bowo ts 
Seaver p 
2 o 1o Chsfsn p 
Krnpol rf 
1 1 1 2 Brsstr p 
McCvr 
Garber ph p 

BALTIM O RE (A P) - Lee May and 
Ken Singleton drove in two runs apiece for Baltimore as Rudy May checked the Minnesota Twins on six hits Friday night to give the Orioles a 6*o 
American League victory. 
M INNESOTA 
. BA LT IM O R E 
. 
. 
......................... ab r h b i ........................ ob r h bi 
Nrwood cf 
4 o o o Bmbry 
If 
4 2 2 o 
Ford rf 
4 o 2 o Belngr ss 
$1 1 1 
Corey» 
1b 
1 o o o Slngltn rf 
1 o 
2 2 
HIsle 
If 
4 o 1o Horlew cf 
o o o o 
Kusick dh 
4 o 1o LM ov lb 
4 12 2 
Wyngor c 
4 o o o Muser lb 
o o o o 
Smiley ss 
2 o 2 o Murray dh 
4 o 
2 o 
Rndoil 
2b 
4 o o o DeCnct lb 
3 o 
o o 
Terrell 
3b 
1 o o o PoKlly rf 
3 o 11 
BSmlth 
2b 
4 o o o 
Ompsy c 
1 2 1 o 
Total 
32.o * o Total 
... 
33 * 11.* 
MMnotOfO 
...... 
o o o.ooo oo o— .o 
• ommore 
J 2 
o,o o 2.o o x— .* 
E —PoKolly. 
O P—Minnotola 
1, 
•oWl- more 
1. 
LO B—Minnoiota 
8, 
Bolfimoro 
8. 
28—Murray, 
SmoKoy. 
J B —Bum Bry. 
IP . ..M . R . E R B B SO 
Zehn 
(L,*-3) 
2 2-3 7 4 
4 
4 
2 
Schuolor 
2 1-3 2 2 
2 
1 
1 
OJohnson 
1 
2 
o 
o 
o 
o 
Redtarn 
I o o 
o o 
2 
RMOy 
(W,*-4) 
9 4 o 
o 3 
7 
T-2:21. A-12,219. 

R . E R B B SO 
* 
* 
o 
5 
o 
o 
9 
o 
1 
1 
1 
o 
3 
3 
2 
2 
o 
o 
o 
o 
Balk—Alcala. 
T—1:51. 
A—11,9*4. 
P h ils, 5 -4 

PH ILA D ELPH IA (A P) - Tommy 
Hutton, who hits Tom Seaver like he owns him, slammed a single, home run and batted in four runs Friday night as the Philadelphia Phillies nipped the New York Mets 5 -4. 

' "o b V h b i 
4 o 1o 
3 1o o 
4 o 1o 
o 1 o o 
4 2 3 o 
o o o o 
3 12 4 
4 o 11 
3 o o o 
3 o o o 
1 o o o 
o o o o 
1o o o 
o o o o 
Total 
... 
39.4.12.4 Total 
....... 
3o.S.1.5 
New 
York 
...................... 
o l o,o o o.3 o o -.4 
Philodelphio 
2 
o o.oo 2.o 1 X - . 5 
E —Maddox. 
LO B—New 
York 
1o. 
Philo- detphlQ 
4. 
2B—Milner 
2, 
Bolscloir, 
Slaiger 
3, 
Stearns, 
Schmidt. 
MR—Hutton 
(1), 
Kro- nepooi 
(S). S F —Mutton. 
IP . ..H . R . E R B B SO 
Seaver 
* 
7 4 
4 2 
3 
Lockwood 
(L.o-2) 
2 
1 
1 
1 
o 
o 
Chstnson 
* 2-3 1o 4 
4 o 
* 
Brusstor 
1-3 1 
o 
o 
o 
o 
Gartotr 
(W,2-3) 
2 
1 o 
o 2 
1 
Balk—Christenson. 
T—2:1*. 
A—2o,3*5. 

B re w e rs, 6 -5 

M ILW A U K EE (A P) - Steve Brye’s sacrifice fly in the bottom of the ninth inning scored Sal Bando. lifting the 
Milwaukee Brewers to a 6 -5 victory over the Texas Rangers Friday night. 
Bando singled with one out in the ninth and raced to third on Cecil 
Cooper’s single off Paul Lindblad, 1-.‘L setting up Brye’s third game-winning 
RBI of the season. 
Jim Fregosi’s sacrifice fly tied the game for Texas at 5 -5 in the ninth after the Hangers had filled the bases with none out. 
T EX A S 
. . . . . . . . . 
. M IL W A U K E E 
........................O b r h b l ........................... 
4 o 1o Yeunf s o i l Money 
3 o o o Lzcono 

 ob r h bl 
3 11o 
4 o o o 
4 o 11 
4 12 1 s o i e 
4 12 o 

Hrgrve 
1b 
4 o 1o 
Veunf ts 
Cmpnrs ss 
S o I I 
Money 
2b 
OMoy rf 
3 o o o Lzcono rt 
FrogosI ph 
o o o 1 
Bando lb 
Alomar if 
o o o o Ceopor lb 
Morf'n dh 
$1 1 o Joshua cf 
Horroh 
Grio v o 
Wilts 
Sn^rg 
Bootlty 
Fohoy 
Bontaui 
Tefal 

Two out when winning run scored 
... 
Texas 
.................... . 
.. 
oo9 .o3 1,oo 1— ,5 
Milwoukoo 
... 
... 
I oo.2o 2.oo I — .« 
E —Morgan, 
Monty, 
Yount. 
D P 
— Toxos 
1. 
LOB—Toxos 
9, 
MHwoufcoe 
1o. 
I B — 
Jeshuo 
2, 
Horten, 
Wohlford. 
Lozcono. 

S B — Yount, 
Horroh. 
S — Yount 
2. 
S F — Fro- 

3b 
4 o 11 
Brvo 
»ft 
o o o 1 rf 
4 1 1 o Sfteldon dft 
4 1 o o 
» 
1 1 o o WMfrd 
If 
4 13 o c 
3 o 11 Moore c 
3 1 3 3 
»ft 
1o o o c 
9 o o o cf 
3 2 o 1 
..... 
33.$.*.$ Totol 
3$.*.13* 

 gosi, Bryo. 

(L .1-3) 

DAioxonder 
Morgan 
Devine 
Llndblod 
Slaton 
Folkors 
HMds 
Me€ lu«g 
( 
Castro 
( W 
. s - 2 ) 
1 
W P—H in d s. 
H B P —By grove), t - 3: IS. 
A-12,oo4. 

■ 
M , H . 
* 3 
B R BB SO 

2 2-3 3 
1 
4 2-3 3 3 
I I 2 
1 
3 
o 
I 

Slato n 
(Her- 

M INNEAPOLIS (AP) — Sen. 
Wendell Anderson, D-Minn, in­ troduced a resolution Friday urging the National Football 
League to keep its playoff and championship games on tele­ vision. 

Ill a statement released by his Min­ neapolis office, Anderson said he was deeply concerned by reports that pro­ moter B ill Sargent had offered the league $4oo million for exclusive rights to playoff and championship games over the next five years. 
The games then would be televised in theaters via closed circuit, with fans paying admission to see them. 
If the N FL agrees, Anderson said.^ 
“ this system would deny tens of mil­ lions of Americans the opportunity to watch televised football games in their homes.” 
The senator noted that two of every five Americans watched the 1976 Super 
Bowl on television. 
“ Most of them would be unable to attend such games even if enough tickets were available, and few could afford the extremely high price of a ticket to view championship games in private theaters,” Anderson said. 
Po rker to ug h 

CORPUS CHRISTI, Tex. (A P ) - 
David Thornally of Arkansas-Little 
Rock sank a 55-foot birdie putt on the first hole of a sudden death playoff 
Friday to capture the medalist title at the NCA.A Division II golf tournament. 
Thornally, who led the first two days of the 72-hole tournament, defeated third round leader Cleve Uoldwater of 
Troy State, Ala., whose Trojan team­ mates captured their second straight team title with an 1168 aggregate score. 
Brisk winds kept scores high for the final round. Thornally shot a 75 in regulation piay over the 6,71o-yard 
Padre Isles Country Club course, while 
Coldwater finished with a 76, birdieing the IBth-hole to force the playoff. 
F rid a y ’s best score was a one- under-par 7o by Troy State’s Ronny 
Mobley, propelling him into third place in the individual standings. 
Edinboro, Pa., State’s Jay Spitale was fourth. 
Defending champion Mike Nicolelte of Rollins, Fla., College, was one stroke off the pace going into Friday’s round, but he skied to an 83 and finished well out of the running. 
Junio r bo x ing to urney sta rts 

The So uth Tex a s AAU junio r Oly m­ pics bo x ing to urna ment beg a n Frida y nig ht a t Ala mo Sta dium Gy m with 
4o bo uts. The a ctio n co ntinues Sa turda y a nd Sunda y nig hts, with bo uts sta rting a t 7 p.m. ea ch nig ht. 

Friday'» Results 
Junior Division: 
M ario B utno declsionad Louis 
M o rlin e z; Inoclo G a rc ia dec. V ic to r S olcid o; 
O rlondo Connlzales dec. F ra n k ie F lo re ; R ick y 
Lopez dec. R(R}ert Guzm an; Raym ond Hernandez dec. Richard M orez; Robert Benavidez won by default over Tony Todd. 
Intermediate Division; 
M ich a e l C h o rle s dec. D a v id C a n tu ; D e d e rc io 
Reyna dec. Carlos M artinez; Jesse Benavides dec. 
Danny Lopez; P au l Ju arez dec. Ju on T orres; 
Laurence G a rc ia dec. C orlos M o rtin ez; Ruben 
Bueno dec. Andres Postron; Conrad Sanchez dec. 
M a rio H errera ; Jesse R odriguez dec. R u sse ll 
Cooper; Steve M artin ez dec. Isaac C ra w fo rd ; 
G u stavo M e n ch oco dec. Joh n n y C a s a s; G us 
Aranda dec. G eorge M oreno; M ich a e l C h arles dec, Ruben Sandoval. 
Senior: 
Rondy M ayes dec. knocked out Ju lio 
Gonzoles; E ric Sontoval dec. Jesse Richardson; 
Felt* Fovello dec. Carlos Trevino; Louis G arzo dec. Joe P erez; A aron Lopez dec. R ic h a rd . 
Ram irez; D ello P a la cio s dec. Adorn Soueedo; 
Juan Connizales dec. Gerom ino Isagurre. 
Gua rd sig ns 

All-city guard Freddy Medina of 
Lanier, and TCIL AAA star Willie 
Hodges of St. Gerard’s have signed with St. Mary’s. 
Medina, 5-8, averaged 15.4 points per game this past season for the Voks, while the 6-2 Hodges had a 16.8 average for the Royals. Both players will be participating on the South team, coacli by Rattler mentor Ed Messbarger, in the local North-.South all-star game 
.lune 3 at Sams Center Gym. 

HOLE-IN-ONE 
Carl Jark and R.D. Huff both aced the 15o-yard fifth hole at Sam Houston golf course Friday afternoon. Jark used a five-iron to score his hole-in-one and Huff selected a six-iron to record his ace. 

R oosevelt, 
Fi ght 
Rams d u el 
• 
1 . l evi ed in b ig on e 

Son Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— Soturdgy Moy 28 1977 
H Poge 
3< 

By JOHN HINKS 
OF THE EXPRESS NEWS STAFF 
The 1977 San Antonio city championship and a regional finals berth in the state playoffs will be at stake when the Marshall Rams and Roosevelt Rough Riders clash at 8 p.m. Saturday at Insel* mann Field. 

HINKS 

The winner will meet the Victoria 
Stroman-Vorpus C'hristi t’arroH victor next week in the Cla.ss AAAA-Regioti 
IV finals tor one of the tour berths in tile state tournament. 
Stroman. holding a one-game lead in that series, invades Corpus 
C h risti’s 
Cabaniss 
Field for a 4 p.m. game 
Saturday. 
Another game will follow if Carroll wins. 
W hile Roosexelt’s starting pitching choice is an uncer­ tainty between ('arl 
Siiear (11-4) or Cordy 
(b'st'll (2-1), Marsliall should be in good shape in that department. 
Th(‘ Rams uill be rehing once more on their ace, Roddy Wiliis, who will t(ite an 11-1 mark to the mound tonight with three days' rest. 
22 straight 

Willis is working on a string of 22 straight scoreless innings and in the playoffs has allowed only three hits in 
19 innings, with 25 strikeouts and 11 walks. Only a sixth-inning leadoff bunt by Roosevelt’s Joe Moon kept him from a no-hitter in last Tuesday’s 5-9 opener. 
“ With him pitching, they (Hoose- 
\elt) will probably be bunting a lot,” 
Marshall center fielder Ted Manwar- ing said as the Rams regrouped for their final practice FTiday. 
Manwaring. W’illis, JB Steve Jewas- ko, SS Terry Salazar, 2B Mike Ruiz,, IB 
Steve Hill and catcher Willie Frantzen all graduated at Northside Stadium 
Thursday night. 
Manwaring will carry the hottest bat in the series into tonight's game. He has four hits in the first two outings, a 
‘-ingle and an RBI double in each game. His .294 playoff average is just three points under his regular-season a\erage for 27 games, so iie is consis­ tent. 
Overhand 

He says his hitting in this series is largely due to the Roosevelt pitchers, 
“ coming straight overhand, which is my kind of pitching, although I usually hit the curve, loo.” 
He is one of those real rarities in baseball — a left-handed thrower and right-handed batter. Richard Garcia of 
South San is another, but you do not see it much. Ted batted lefty when he started in the Little Leagues, but changed to his current wavs when he was 1o. 
He. like most of the 
.Marshal! starters on what is basically a two-year team (same players), has been in 12 playoff games now. 
“ The crowds definitely make the difference,” he said of the comparison to regular-season play. 
“ The momentum of the games are totally different because the crowds are. At the beginning of a playoff game. I’m nervous, but it soon goes away. 

Jay day 

If you hear Jay baseball Coach 
Roger Tatsch coininent, “ We could beat those guys,” at tonight’s 
Roosevelt-Marshall city title game you can believe him. 

In fact, Tatsch could have said the same thing last week when there were four teams instead of just two in the Class AAAA playoffs. 

Despite a 15-12 record and Just the fourth-best overall record in the 
3o-AAAA standings. Jay is probably the only team in city history to beat five district champions in a single season. 

The Mustangs stopped 29-A AAA champion South San Antonio in the season opener, 8-3; split with Mar­ shall of their own loop (o-7, o-5); scored a 4-3 victory over Jefferson in the game preceding the District 
31-AAA A champs' 21-game winning streak, and won one out of three from 32-AAAA kingpin Roosevelt 
(7-8, 3-5, 2-1). 

Also, another of their non-district wins was a 3-1 triumph over TCIL 
3-A.AA pennant winner Central 
Catholic. 

“ .As far as a hitting team, we are stronger than at tlii.s time a year ago, although we are going to have to hit the ball a lot better than we did tlu' last game {Roosevelt won a 5-2 game last 
V\t'dnesday). We have to get our hits when we hav’e people on base instead of when there are two out.” 
Marshall Coach Denny Ivey echoes that feeling. “ We’ve got to hit with runners on. We’re capable of hitting better than we’ve shown in the playoffs. Roosevelt is the type of team that does a good job of moving the runners around and we have to get the key hits in order to win this one.” 
While Manwaring has bt‘en a two- year regular in baseball, his best sport is football, where the 6-o, 163-pounder has been a two-time All-District free safety. He has accepted a colli'ge grid scholarship to Wharton Junior (College. 
Last fall, in his third season as a starter, he intercepted six passes, was third-leading tackier (seven solos, 7.‘i assists) on the whole team and won the 
“ Hatchet Award” for most outstanding big plays during the season. 
Big plays are what will be needed tonight, too. 

(]yeleraiiia b e gin s 

The first world’s invitationai wo­ men’s motorcyle championships will be held Saturday and Sunday at Cy- clerama. Fhitries are from various 
.states, including Missouri, Arizona, 
New York, and (California. 

OpCM4'tk& tm tU e, ù g UiZ,. 

 cto iu tU m , doo^ ,..€Bclei nfitCs&tf 
AUTOMimC GARAGE 
DOOR OPENER SYSTEM 

 by/A\[L[ljD/Á\[í (3 
SALE 

..t;* 

SIE & COMPARE! 
PRICES INQUDE: 
• INSTAI,LATIONWITH 
ONETRANSMITTiR 
• FUU ONE-YEAR W ARRANTY 

A/. 

'2o9 so 

GENIE® a good way to got in ... when It’s unsafe to get out! 

Superb styling. 1/3 H.P. rated. Screw drive. 

> 
1 5 9 » 

’/«HP.rvttd 
Cliain drive 

Discover w hy fea tu res • Superb styling. 
* y t like these have m ade e W o rm screw drive e S e i ^ v e safety device 

 fastest setling ga ra g e de lay 
Certified to com ply with f 
X X doer opener system s. 
(G S4 5 o M O D iL O N LY) regulations 

USE OUR EASY PAY PLAN~-3 EQUAL PAYMENTS 
WITH NO INTEREST OR CARRYING CHARGES 
Your Oarage Door Hoadquartors since 1947 

HOllYWOOD CRAWFORD DOOR CO. 
13 811 SAN Pi M O 

ASSOCIATED PRESS 
XEVV YORK - Darryl Daw­ kins of the Philadelphia 7Hers and Maurice Lucas of the Port­ land Trail Blazers were fined 
$2,5oo each by National Basket­ ball Association Commissioner 
Lawrence ¥. O’Brien Friday as a result of their fight during 
Thursday’s night’s playoff game. 

O’Brien notified the two players of their fines by telegram and also warned coaches Gene Shue of the 76ers and Jack Ramsay of the Trail Blazers to avoid any similar incidents during the balance of the championship series. 
“ Your conduct could have resulted in a serious injury to another player and it created the potential for a vio­ lent crowd reaction that might have led to a serious injury to innocent spectators,” O’Brien told the |)laycrs. 
“ The type pf conduct you displayed last night will not he tolerated by the 
NB.A. You are hereby informed that any similiar action on your part during tlie remainder of the series will be dealt with even more severely.” 

DARRELL D A W K IN S , left, and M aurice Lucas square off during T h ursday’s g a m e 

 riie NB.\ rules permit the commis­ sioner to infliet a fine up to $1o,99o as w('ll as a suspension. 
Dawkins and Lucas spuurcd off in the final five minutes of the game after the 76er eenter had swung at Port­ land’s Bob Gross. Tho piineli eonneet- ed vvitli Dawkins’ teammate, Doug 

I ’oUins. who suffered a tbur-stUch cut over his (We. 
O’Brien warned Shue and Ramsay about any more' íTiculonts. 
“ I e\i)eel eacli of v (mi to exot I leadei'ship and to meet your ivsponsi- hilitii's (l)iring the remainder of the series to make certain there is no re- 

A P W I R E P H O T O petition of sueli an in cid en t,” the eommissioner said. ” Y<m are hereby directed to convene a meeting of your plaviMs before Sunday’s game to re­ view tin' st'i lousne.ss of tiu' situation,” 
Philadelphia Uxuis the best-of-seven series 2-9 with Game Three in Portlatid 
Stindav, 
C olon els agree to p ay ch an ge 

GARDEN CITY. N.Y. (A P) - .lohn 
Y. Brown, former owner of the Ken­ tucky Colonels of the defunct American 
Basketball Association, has agreed to rework tlic schedule of payments due from the teams that bought him out while arranging last summer’s ab­ sorbí ion of four ABA tt*ums into the 
National Basketball .Association, 

Brown, who now owns the NB.A Buf­ falo Braves, sold tin* Kentucky fran- 

 chise for $2.8 million. He was due to receive the first payment of $1.5 mil­ lion June 1 from the New York Nets, 
D('nver Nuggets, San Antonii» Spurs and Indiana Paeers. 
But the four ABA survivors have been experiencing financial {jroblems and to case their situation, Newsday reported that Brown bad agn‘ed to accept half the $1.5 millinn tliat was due June I with the other half payable 
.lune 1. 197H, 
S tock ton gain s tie 

ASSOCIATED PRESS 
ATLANTA — Dave Stockton, who won two PGA national championships with some matchless scrambling, resorted to his trouble-taming specialty for a three- under-par 69 that staked him to a tie for the second round lead FY’iday in the weather- plagued, $2oo,ooo Atlanta Classic golf tour­ nament. 
“ I can already read what you’re going to say about me scrambling,’’ Stockton grinned after posting a 
137 total, seven under par for two rounds over the 

G O L F S C O H E S , F a ^ e >( 

 hilly, leg-straining Atlanta Country Club course. He shared the top spot with former U.S. Open champion 
Lou Graham and Mac McLendon. 
“ I ’m hitting my irons good and Pm putting as good as 1 can possibly putt,” Stockton said. 
“ But I ’m frustrated by my driver. 1 have absolu­ tely no idea what’s going to come off it — left, right, what 
Almost constantly he was faced with potential disaster. He once one-putted for double bogey. He was saved from going out of bounds when another shot hit a tree and bounced back into play. He shanked one shot out of bounds, but noted "it was a good, solid shank. Went a pretty good ways. Almost into somebody’s house.” He hit o ik * apjnoach shot through the top of a tree, causing a minature shower from the wet leaves—-and then birdied the hole. 
Fin ley cu ts tick et p rice 

OAKLAND (A P) — Charles O. Finl(*y, owner of the Oakland A’s, announced Friday he is cutting ticket prices in half for Monday through Thursday games in hopes of raising attendance. 
“ I know that eventually there will be only one baseball team in the Bay Area. Pd like to be that club. I think this move proves my sincerity.” said 
Finley, whose .American League team competes in the same market with the National League’s San 
Francisco Giants. 
The A’s have drawn 153,999 fans in 22 dates this year, the Giants 183,999 for 17 dates. 
Finley made his announcement at a news confer­ ence held alongside a hotel pool, saying that “ tilings are so bad that 1 couldn’t afford to hold the conference inside the hotel.” 
The .A’s owner said the club lost $699,999 last season and, “ If things don’t get better. I’ll lose $1 million this yt-ar, and I donl know where Pi! gel the mon('y. I don’t have it.” 
The A’s ticket prices Monday through Thursday will range from $2.5o for lower level box s(*ats lo $! for bleacher seats the rest of the season. Tickets wiU remain at full price, with a $5 top on Friday, 
Saturday and Sunday. 

1 9 7 7 GRAND PRIX 

Ail pow er and air, 
% tT M t bucket seat option, 
^ 
A A m a g w heels. 
W 
TINDALL..«SON PONTIAC-GMC 
3 9 o o SAN PEDRO 
7 3 6 -1 5 6 1 

2 1 
Solid State self-propelled. 
With rear-bagging attachment. 

You save $45.oo compared to purchasing Model 8235 and rear bagging attachm ent separately. A t participating dealers twhile supplies of promotional models last. 

Rear bagger also available as accessory for almost any 2 1” 
Lawn-Boy made since 197 2 
Lawn Boy 
Prices Start at $16 9.95 LAWN-BOY 

BY THE M A K E R S OF JOHNSON & E V IN R U D E O U TBO ARDS.. U SA 

SEE Y O U R N E A R E ST P A R T IC IPA T IN G D E A L E R 

PECAN VALLEY GOLF COURSE 
OPENAO THE PUBLIC 
GREEN flES: 
,-oo 
I WEEKDAY................. 
O 
WEEK ENDS & 
« « 
HOLIDAYS 
........r 1 U o o 

PECAN V A LLEY IS IN THE FINEST 

CO N D ITIO N OF IT'S H ISTO RY 

WE INVITE Y O U TO PLA Y. 
MEMBERSHIPS ALSO AVAUABIE 

«PECAN VALLEY DR. AT E. SOUTHCROSS 
333-7121 
333-9o18 

BOERNE, TEXAS 

•ewMt Otttrfoef Equipmtiil Co. 
11o West 
DEL RIO, TEXAS 
RnimU Itontfwiirc 
SOOEmfGiUis 
FLORESVILLE, TEXAS 
FlerttvHi« C o r d m Cmter 
Hwy. 1«1 
GONZALES, TEXAS 
N««*l‘s C«rsgt 
2o4 Thornton 
FREDERICKSBURG, TEXAS 
Duockor Eloftrk 
234 Most Atoin 
KERRVILLE, TEXAS forra Itnlol Contor 

4 t 6 Moin S trMt 
NEW BRAUNFELS, TEXAS 
Kroft Homo t Auto Storo 
4oo \Wo»t Sen Antonie 

PLEASANTON, TEXAS 
Wiliiomi Hnrdwtfrt 
1o7 N. Main 
ROCKSPRINGS, TEXAS 

R eck i^ irints lo te n o Comfpeny 
3iS M o in 
SAN ANTONIO, TEXAS 

A A A k o N t-lito 
3414 M o iu o r k O riv o 

Acino K o n t- iitt 
1311 K rood w oy 

Som I r e w n 'i Rtimir Shop 
19oo Quintans 

 lle n c o R iit Shop 
4S44 M on co IosnÌ 

(ìro v oly S o lti t Sonrlc# 
IIS Iro n H f 

Tho M oo for M o n 
2o41 A s it in H w y . 

Othorn'i Small Engino Repair 

I M é W o s lA v t n s o 

SEGUIN, TEXAS 

M ichno-Soim on 

 t i l l East Cou rt SI. 

Sagohioi's H om o t A uto Contar 
254 W . Court 

UVALDE, TEXAS 

Tox os fo rm Storo 
234 E. N o p o l 

UNIVERSAL CITY, TEXAS 

K roH Hom o A A u to #2 
2o17 U niv orsol City M v4. 

PogB 
4C 
S qn Añfoftto | K PRI S $'N | W S ~ » * S q»»rcJqy M a y 2 9 J f j i 
Froehling in tourney 

Three more nationally-ranked players have officially entered the Men’s 35 Hardconrt National Championships to be played at 
McFarlin Tennis Center June 13-19. 
Tournament draws 26 

Tuf'nty-six iruMis have enterer) fhf' dtmual Women's Invitational slow pitch softball fournann-nt sponsoriTj this wei'kcnd by the San .Antonio Parks and 
Recreation 
Dept at 
Aha .Jo 
F'lsrher <-onip!ex 

F'our games starting at 9 a m Sa fiirday will get the double elimination fouruamenf underway. 

Opening games will pit Dallas Disro- against the Corpus Christi Cardinals. 
San Antonio F'atriots \s 
Mesquite 
Raiders; the Dallas -Jokf'rs vs Austin 
Eldoradoetfes. and San Antonio Pelh'ts 
\s the Waco A's 
Finals are due at 4 p m Sunday. 

B a fie b a ll 

A t A M O C IT Y L E A G U E ciomps n 4$ o m 
». Oovt^ s o*t ho rd s vs. N e w b y ’s H afr S ty lin g , 2 H p m 
Purtv's Lounge vs City T rgnsm ission . 4 4S p m ~ 
1.o Fyente BoH rcom vs. Brentw ood Beer % lee 

Frank F'roehling was a former Trin ify All-Amerie.3n who teamed with 
Chuek MrKinley in 19R2 to form one of collegiate tennis’ aii-time doubles eombinations. 
F'roehling turned .3.5 just this year and in his first tournament in that age category, won the doubles with Billy 
Higgins at the National Indoor Cham­ pionships in Oklahoma City. He lost in th(' quarterfinals in the singles. 
In his senior year at Trinity, 19H2, he was ranked N'». 2 nationally in his age group behind MrKinley. Later that, year he won the Russian International 
Singles. 
F’aul Christian is currently ranked 
No 1 in singles in Texas after beeom- ing 35 only last year He has already won three state tournaments and is currently the teaching pro at the 
Westwoiid Country Club in Ilouston. 
Also lined up is Dirk Landenbrrger. a teaching pro at Brookha\en Country 
Club in Dallas He is currently ranked second in Texas in men’s 35 singles behind Christian and is No 7 in the 
F S He and partner Jim Riley of St 
Louis are ranked 13tli nationally in doubles 

P IP E s m o k e r s : 
W O R L D S F i N E S T T O B A C C O 

W OMAN PHASING AROMA 
MILD EXOTIC FLAVOR 
I GUARANTEE N O BITE 
OR MONEY BACK. 
POUCH FULL AND CATALOG 
SEND ONLY $2.oo TO: 
LARRY M. DYER, TOBACCONIST 
CALL (513) 834-13o9 
6912 San Ndro, 
San Antonio, Texas 78 216 

Giant pitcher shelved 

SAN 
FRANCISCO 
(AP) — Pitcher John 
Montefusco, in.Jurcd while trying to run out a bunt, F'rMay was placed on the 21-day disabled list with a sprained an­ kle 

Indy fever grows 

ASSOClATtO 
INDIANAPOLIvS - Race fever starts almost the instant you cross the state line from Michi­ gan, from Kentucky, from Ohio, from Illinois. As you approach dead-center it becomes a de­ luge, a Mosaic in black and white. 

Dead center Indiana is Indianapolis, the home of the black-and-white checkered flag, the STP oval with the 
“ Welcome Race Fans” tag, the wide- tired hot rod. the beer-clutching motorcyclist, the bare-chested boy and his bare-bellipd girl 
Indianapolis Motor Speedway’s po pulation during the months from June to April IS about 15,ooo. During the first 3’ 2 weeks in May each year it grows to about 1o times that number 
.And each Memorial Day weekend it explodes to close to half a million 
.All for the chance to see and h**ar 33 dn\er.> careen around 2V2 miles of as­ phalt for about three hours 
Those three hours can be almost an- tirlimaetic whrn the race is run as it is supposi’d to be. A safe, accident-free race somi'how leaves a portion of the multitude feeling cheated, as though it had paid not for the sheer beauty of precision control of machines but for the flaming, shrieking moment that turns artibtry into.ashes 
Those three hours are the center­ piece — but at the same time they are a small part of the scenario played out in this heartland of conservatism. 
Only a few' hundred feet from the track Itself and the pits sits Gasoline 
Alley where surgeons with wrenches hover protectively over their $1oo,oo(1 creations. 

TOM SNEVA and his Indy ear 
Upsets galore 

Continued from Page IC 

 beaten were Alabama.’s Jeff Rnbinspn, 
South Carolina's Chris Mayette. Mia­ mi’s John Eagleton and fourth-seeded 
Bill Maze of Stanford 
Trinity players 
Erick Iskersky and Ben McKow n were responsible for the Maze and Eagleton losses, respectively. 
McKown, whose pigeon toed stride and two-handed style reminds one of 
Jimmy Connors, lost only three games in two whole m atches Friday. He baffled A.J. Shakar of Claremont with a 6-o. 6-o triumph and elim inated 
I3th-seeded Eagleton 6-1. 6-2 in the second round. 
“ I was loose.” said AIcKown, who' has not lost a match in the tourney. 
“ My game is keeping the ball in play.” 

COUPON fm 

I MOTOR Oil ORLE 

COUPON 
WIN A FREE 
TRIP FOR TWO! 
... PLUS OTHER PRIZES 

8 t X C i r i N G D A Y S I N I T A L Y ! 

R O M E F LO R E N C E N A P I.e s ;P O M P E II/ 
S O R R E N T O you II see tnern all 
<1 yi.il re tue LU C K Y W IN N IR 
ReK'ster 
.it .my |iaitiCtp.Ttui(i Hull Parts 
I U1 I IN f A S S o r iA T I ttirii .luue 3o, \ 9/ 7 
N« purt ii.tsp rtecessarv 

■■ AC SPARK PLUGS | 
7 9 c 8 

# 159 3o W HPO (HiRh OeterRenti 
# 141 lO-W-4o (All Climate) 
I 
■ ■ ■ ■ ■ ■ ■ ■ ■ ■ ■ ■ ■ ■ ■ ■ ■ ■ ■ ■ ■ ■ ■ ! 

■ KRAco 8-TRACK STEREO AM/FM RADIO 

Tape deck and rad'o Sol'd state 

Fits tn dash 
(SDeakei^ s extra) 

M fg S u R g List $139.95 
»69’* 

« K Io 5 6 o B s 

Ow 

Special prices AND if you BUY 3. . . get 4th Shock 
FREE. 

SALE PRICES GOOD THRU MAY 31, 1977, AT THESE PARTICIPATING BULL PARTS FuI - lTn E ASSOC I AT 

F 

S» 
C 
U: ai tl 
€' 

Vi 

II 

 u c 

 it i 
Éta f. 

Si 

W M i O B r 
Í SHOCK SALE 
I I I 
I 
Zo 
o. 
9 
ow 
1 I II I 
I 
3 
o w1 I I I I I 

IMONROEV 
GRIPPER 

Futi one mch bore 
Buy 3. . . 
Get 4th FREE! 

SU PER 5 o o 
E)(TR* HEAVV-OUTY 

Buy 3 
4th 
TBMiOHROtY FREI! 

SAN ANTONIO ASSOCIATES 

BAR AUTO PARTS 
2143 Cincinnati 
734-7241 
BAUM ANN AUTO 
SUPPtY 
5311 Jackwood 
684-5713 
BLANCO CAR PARTS, 
INC. 
4913 Bianco Rd. 
342-5368 
BLL AUTO PARTS 
54o1 VYaizem Rd. 
657-o29o 
HANCE AUTO PARTS 
So. Flores ot Sussex 
923-4324 
LARRY’S AUTO PARTS 
(NORTH) 
4611 McCullough 
826-9681 

LARRY’S AUTO PARTS 
(NORTHIAST) 
1o8o6 Perrin Beitei Rd. 
6S7-o161 
MONTGOM ERY AUTO 
PARTS 
6877 Montgomery Or. 
656-95oo 
MOTOR MART (s o u t h ) 
2422 E. Southcross 
533-81o3 
MOTOR MART (i a s t ) 
512 So. W.W. White Rd. 
333-7191 
MOTOR MART (n o r t n ) 
1951 Bobcock Rd. 
349-o1o3 
RITTIMAN AUTO 
PARTS 
4723 Rittimon Rd. 
653-9 3oo 

WAYNE1BULL CAR 
PARTS 

179o Austin Hwy. 
826-32o3 

4o2 Austin St. 
225-2946 

8934 Broadway 
828-5768 

131 El Paso St. 
227-1328 

14o3 Fredericksburg Rd. 
735-5275 

3o22 Pleasanton Rd. 
924-5591 

1315 S. Preso 
532-7336 

AREA ASSOCIATES 

FLORESVILLfs 
W ILSON COUNTY AUTO 
PARTS 
1319 1oth St. (Hwy. 181) 
393.2338 

 lAREOOs 
TOTI’S AUTO PARTS 
S I 6 Houston St. 
722-4624 

NEW 8RAUNFEIS: 
W AYNE BULL CAR PARTS 
154 Hwy. 81 W ost 
625*7563 

PLEASANTON: 
PRUITT AUTO PARTS 
1o7 Goodwin 
$69.2522 

SEGUINi 
W A Y N i BULL CAR PARTS 
4o4 W. Kingsbury 
379.4243 

UNIVERSAL CITY: 
ANDERSO N’S 
AUTOMOTIVE SUPPLY 
191 7 Pot 8ooker Rd. 
638-3588 

W AYNE BULL CAR PARTf 
1438 Pot looker Rd. 
658-6355 

AT MOST STORES 

UVALOEt 
UVALDE AUTO PARTS 
315 E. Main 
278-56o9 

VICTORIA: 
SHIPLEY’S AUTO PARTS 
8o5 I. Rio Grande 
575-6466 

o e1 z;I 
III I 
A 
o e 

 x J Oz1 I I I 

Seed soiled 

 losS to Lewis Friday and added some recom­ mendations. 

Tired 

“ I was tired,” said Gottfried, who had given his all in tough matches against Delaney. Lewis and 
Stanford’s Bill Maze in the team competition. “ I just couldn’t find the court. 
“ I’m not trying to say that Lewis didn’t play well against me, but when we finished against 
Stanford last night (in the team title match), I was wiped out,” he explained. 
The NCAA committee decided to use a new format this year, which put a four-day team tournament in front of singles and doubles com­ petition. In the past, a team champion was de fermlned by points the individuals scored in singles and doubles. 
“ It’s like playing the Davis Cup and Wimble­ don in one week,” Gottfried said of the new' for­ mat. “ One day we’re playing for the national championship and the next day we start all over again. 
“ I know the NCAA committee and the people who run the tourney would rather do it all at one time, because it’s convenient for them. 
“ But if they want to see top-caliber tennis in both a team and individual competition, they’ll have to run the tournaments separately.” he concluded, adding that he liked the idea of es­ tablishing a true team champ with a playoff. 
Gottfried was not the only rubbery-legged player on the court Friday. After four days of rain and overcast skies, the sun came out and the humid air was like steam. 
Nine of the 16 seeded players were upset Friday and one seeded doubles team fell by the wayside. 
Some good 
Friday was not all bad for Gottfried, however. 
The TU freshman, who is the younger brother ot pro Brian Gottfried, was one of six players se­ lected on the under-2l Davis Cup team for this summer. 
Also picked were USC’s Manson, Stanford's 
Mitchell and Maze, UCLA’s Taygan and San Jose 
State’s Nial Brash. 
MIKE BRUTON 

McKown uses virtually no power and thrives on precise strokes and passing shots. 
“ It began to take its toll on him 
(Eagleton) because he got tight and started pressing at the net.” com ­ mented McKown, whose passing shots caused Eagleton to kick his racquet in anger several times. 
Iskersky beat Brian Mitchell of Mis­ souri 6-1, 6-4 before he eliminated a tired Maze, 6-4, 6-4. “ He tried every stall tactic in the book.” said Iskersky, who had to wait about 1o minutes dur­ ing the match when Maze requested a new line judge. 
“ I knew I could beat him because he almost lost to (SMU’s Mark) Turpin and I heat Turpin fairly easily.” 
Turpin had match point again st 
Maze in the first round Friday, but the 
Stanford player rallied for a 4-6, 7-6, 
6-4 victory. “ After playing that three- sftter, he should have been tired,” 
Iskersky added. All Maze would say after his loss to Iskersky is. “ No com­ ment.” 
Tony Giammalva won his first two rounds 6-2, 6-7, 6-3 over Miami. Ohio’s 
Steve Kendell and 6-4 6-4 over Califor­ nia’s Charles Stansbury. TU’s No, 2 doubles team of Iskersky and McKown was eliminated by eighth-seeded UCLA duo Fcrdi Taygan and Van Winitsky 
6-1, 6-3 and the T ig ers’ No. 1 unit, 
Gottfried and Giammalva, the tour­ ney’s third seed, advanced with a 3-6, 
7-5. 7-5 victory over a Brash-Brad 
Howe San Jose State team. 
Giammalva will meet Utah’s Kent 
Crawford, 
Iskersky will face 
12th-seeded Tony Graham of UCLA and McKown will have the tough task of playing top-seeded Matt Mitchell of 
Stanford in their opening matches Sa­ turday. Gottfried and Giammalva will play Stanford’s Maze and John Rast in doubles. 
G-P wins it 

SPECIAL TO the e xp ress n e w s 

FALFURRIAS — Gregory-Portland won the second game of a double- header over Falfurrias. 5-1, Friday to win their Class AAA bidistrict scVies two games to one. 

Falfurrias won the opener, 4-3 in eight innings, to necessitate a third game. Gregory-Portland had taken a 
3-2 victory to open the series last 
Tuesday. 

Gregory-Portland will now meet 
Uvalde in the regional finals next week. Arraugements have not yet been determined. 

IRS blues 

 things the government has asked us to do ” 
One of those things Davis pointed out was Title IX. which directs colleges to equalize facilities for men and women 
“ They’re talking about taking up to 
5o per cent of what athletic depart­ ments receive,” said Speegle “ Then you’re talking about schools going out and borrowing money, and I don’t know of any kind of university that’s in a position to do that.” 
If the IRS’ move succeeds, it could be retroactive for three years, thus tripling the cost for many schools. 
“ The devastating part would be col­ lecting the back taxes, let alone having tn include that in your budgeting for the future,” said Chuck Neinas, com­ missioner of the Big Eight. 
Neinas estimated such a tax would cost each of his conference’s schools 
$1oo,ooo a year. 
“ If the IRS takes that attitude on 
. television and radio money, the next step will be looking at our gate re­ ceipts” 
Problem s 
“ We don’t need any more problems like these in intercollegiate athletics.” explained Clyde Walker, athletic dir­ ector of Kansas. 
“ I personally feel this is a prepos­ terous assumption on their part that this is unrelated income. It’s certainly related to our being able to run a suc­ cessful program. 
“ If an adverse decision comes down on TCU or SMU, I don’t think there is any necessity for us to wait for a de­ cision. This is a very serious threat to the future of intercollegiate athletics.” 
Directly affected would be the 
NCAA’s $18 million football contract with ABC; NBC and TVS* $5 million contract with college basketball; bowl agreements worth about $15 million, and conference agreements to televise basketball games. 
And if one of the IR S’ test cases works then, theoretically, it will be applicable to almost every university. 
“ So far everything they (IRS) have told us goes against us,” said Davis. 
“ We’re liable for the income they say. 
“ It’s hard to understand, though, because the money we receive goes into education. 
Political 

“ But I think this matter will end up in the political arena, not the legal arena. Look at Michigan; they put 
1oo,ooo people into their stadium on 
Saturdays. Those people are going to be up in arm s.” 
Does that kind of grass roots support encourage Davis? 
“ I’d like to say yes,” he laughed, 
“ but you never know when you’re dealing with the federal government. 
“ And if you think it'd hurt confer­ ence schools, which split television and radio revenue eight or nine ways, what do you think it’ll do to independents like Notre Dame and Penn State who take it all in themselves? 
“ Then you’re talking about seven figure numbers for the three year per­ iod." 
Why were SMU and TCU two of the schools audited? “ Because we’re in the town where the IRS is located, I think,” said Davis. 
Checked 

“ I wish they had checked someone else (outside the SWC),” said Speegle. 
“ And I hope the congress and people respond for us.” 
If the existence of collegiate athletics is actually threatened by this move, chances are good that universities would have the political and ground level power to stop it. 
If, however, the threat is real and the 
IRS successful, the Saturday matinee could again become an American In­ stitution. 

Free 
BY MAIL 
From TUFF STUFF with proof of purchase from one of these multi-purpose 
Gleaning products from Union Carbide 

Suggested 
Retail Price 
$2.75 

37 

 i Get this imitation chamois tree it's perfect for all your multi-purpose cleaning needs. Just send us the cosh register receipt with the purchase price circled for one of the above multi-purpose cleoning products, in addition, write the AS number found on the back of the can on the cash register receipt 

SEND TO FREE CHAMOIS OFFER 
P C Box 24 6 6 « Reidsviile, Ni C 27322 

I I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I NAME 
I 
I 
I 

AoooES5 

C»TY___ 
^TATI. 
_ 
.2IP- 
. Only one Chamois per lamily Void whore prohibited i licensed, restricted or taxed Request must be m ade on this 
^ official order form otter expires September 1.1o; 7 tseps;; / 

1oo,ooo AUTO PARTS 
2727 Mourock 
835 S.C. Militory Drivt 
•222 Brood way 
7o19 Wtst Piaio 
11343 MVtst Avtnut 
Off S.W. Militiry ot Hwy. 9o 

Big race tonight 

A starting spot in the second annual T exas 
Race of Champions will be on the line when drivers take to the track 
Saturday at 8 p.m. at Pan 
American Speedway. 

The victor in the 6o-lap main event wjll be guar­ anteed a spot at the 
TROC this October at the 
Texas World Speedway. 

Miss TWS 1977, Yolan­ da De Los Santos and 
TWS Vice 
P resident 
Mike Connors will be on hand Saturday night. In addition to the main event, fans will see a full program of stock car and figure eight racing in all four classes. Gates open at 6 p.m. and time trails begin at 7 p.m. 

WEEKEND SPECIAL! 
OFFER ENDS SAT. AT 2 P.M.! 
STEEL BELT 
RADIAL 
“BLIM S” 
BLACKWALL 
(Plus FET 2.69.3.15) 
Sixes 8R78.13, ER14, 
FR14, HR 14. O R IS , HR15 

TIGER FÄW POIYISTIR 
BLACKWAU FIRSTS 
(Wus PET 1.72.2.59) 

Any Sixes - C.14, E.14, P«14, G.14, G.15 
»9=1*9 "a 1*9 

SHOCKS 
(PlUf 
Inst.) 

226-4111 
4oo S. FLORES 
At Durango 

1 9 7 7 C A T A L IN A 

4 - d o o r s e d a n , a ll p o w e r , au to n n a tic, 6* c y lin d e r e n g in e , d e m o w ith e x t e n d e d fa c to r y w a r r a n t y . 
5295 

TINDALL and SON PONTIAC-GMC 
3 9 o o S A N PED RO 

Sa turda y ’s Ex press-News sco rebo a rd 

Baseball 

A M E R IC A N L E A G U E 
E A S T 
W 
L 
P et G B 
Baltim ore 
24 U 
6oo 
New York 
24 
S 5 8 
,, , 
Boston 
2? IV 
.537 
2V* 
M ilwaukee 
23 23 m 
4 
Oevefond 
17 
2 ? 
,4 4/ 
6 
Detroit 
17 23 
.425 
7 
Toronto 
»7 26 
.3 9 5 g^ j 
West 
Minnesota 
27 15 
.643 
- 
Chicago 
23 17 
* 75 
3 
Texas 
2o 18 
.526 
5 
California 
22 21 
5 1 2 
S'/2 
Oakland 
2o 22 
.476 
7 
Kansas City 
19 22 
4 6 3 
7y3 
Seattle 
17 3o 
.362 
1 2'/? 
T h u rsd ay ’s G am e 
Chicago 4, M ilw aukee 3 
Only gam e scheduled 
F rid a y ’s G am e s 
Cleveland 3, Oakland 1 
C alifornia 4, Toronto 1 
Baltim ore 6 , Minnesota o 
Boston 1o, Kansas City 1 
Seattle 2, Detroit 1 
New York 8 , Chicago 6 
M ilwaukee 6 , Texas 5 
Satu rd ay’s G o m e s 
California (Sim pson 3-31 at Toronto (Jefferso n 
2-3) 
Chicago (B a rrio s 3-2) at New York (G u id ry 3-o) 
Kansas City (B ird 2-o) at Boston (Tiant 2-4 ) 
Seattle (Pole 11} at Detroit (Rozem o 41) 
Oakland (M edich 3-2) at Cleveland (Bib b v 3-1), 
(n) 
Minnesota (Holly 2-o) at Baltim ore (P a lm e r 6-3), 
In) 
Texas (B riie s 2-1) at M ilw aukee (Augustine 5-5), 
(n) 
N A T IO N A L L E A G U E 
East 
W 
L 
Pet. G B 
Pittsburgh 
26 13 
.667 - 
Chicago 
26 14 
.641 
'/? 
St. Louis 
25 17 
.595 2'/? 
Philadelphia 
21 !9 
.525 5'/? 
M ontreal 
15 24 
.385 11 
New York 
15 25 
.375 11'/? 
West 
Los Angeles 
33 1 1 
.75o — 
San Francisco 
19 23 
.452 13 
Cincinnati 
18 23 
.4 3 9 13' 2 
Houston 
18 25 
.419 14'/? 
Son Diego 
19 28 
.4 o9 IS 1? 
Atlanta 
16 29 
.356 17V? 
T h u rsd ay's G am e s 
SI. Louis 4, Philadelphia 3, 1o innings 
Chicago 1, M ontreal o 
Atlanta 8, San Diego 3 
Los Angeles 4, Houston 3, 1o innings 
San Francisco 6 , Cincinnati 5 
F rid a y ’s G am e s 
Chicago 4, Pittsburgh 2 
Philadelphia 5, New York 4 
St. Louis 7, M ontreal 3 
Houston 4, San Diego 3 
Los Angeles 1o, Cincinnati 3 
San Francisco 4, Atlanta 3, 1o innings 
Satu rd ay's G a m e s 
Pittsburgh (Kison 3-2 or Rooker 4-2) at Chicago 
(R. Reuschel 6-2) 
Cincinnati (Billingham 5-3) at Los Angeles (Sutton 
6-1) 
Atlanta (Ea s te rly 1-o) at San Fran cisco (H alick i 
3-4) 
New York (Esp in osa 2-3) at Ph ilad elp h ia (Lon- borg o-o ), (n) 
Montreal (Stanhouse 3-6) at St. Louis (Rasm ussen 
2 6 ), (n) 
Houston (B a n n iste r 1-4) at San Diego (S h irle y 
3-5), (n) 

T E X A S L E A G U E 
W est D ivision 

E l Paso 
Am ariilo 
Midland 
San Antonio 

Shreveport 
Tulsa 
Jackson 
Arkansas 
T h u rsd ay 's G a m e s 
Arkansas a* Am arillo (2), P P d . rain 
Midland 2, Jack son 1 
Shreveport 6, San Antonio 5 
Tulso 7, E l Paso 4 
F rid a y ’s G a m e s 
No games scheduled 
Sa tu rd a y ’s G a m e s 
Shreveport at E l Paso 
Tulsa at San Antonio 
Am arillo at Jackson 
Midland a* Arkansas, (2) 
C O L L E G E B A S E B A L L 
N C A A R e gio n als 
D ivision I 
Northeast 
At M iddletown, Conn. 
SI 
Jo h n s , N Y . 3, Seton Hall 2, Solon Hall eliminated 
Cornell 9, Connecticut 7, Connecticut elim inated 
M ideast 
At M inneapolis 
Central M ichigan 2, Virginia Tech t 
Minnesota 7, Florida o 
South Central 
At Arlington 
Miami, Ohio 7, B a vio r 3 
New Orleans 5, L a m a r 2. L a m a r elim inated 
M idw est 
At Norm an, O kla. 
Texas A S M vs. Southern Illinois, O klahom a vs. 
Michigan, ppd., rain. Rescheduled for Saturd av. 

E a s t D ivision 

 w 
L 
Pet. G B 
21 
14 
.6oo 
— 
19 16 
.543 
2 
19 17 
.528 
2 V? 
14 22 
.389 
7'/? 

23 16 
.59o 
_ 

2o 
18 
.526 
2 Vi 
17 22 
.436 
6 
14 22 
.389 
7'/? 

Tennis 

A TH E N S , Ga. — Sum m aries of first round ploy in the NCAA individual tennis cham pionships at the University of Georgia Thursdov and Frid a y. 
F irst Round 
Singles 
T h ursday 
Andy Lucchessi, U SC det. Todd Lundy, H a rv a rd 
7-6, 5-4; 
John Haves, Princeton det 
Stan Stehtik, Notre 
Dam e, 6 3, 6 4 
John Staub, O klahom a det 
M att D oyle, Y aie , 
6-4, 5-7, 64. 
F rid ay 
Columbia, det. Keith West, M em phis St., 6-o, 1-6, 
6 2 

Bruce Manson. USC det Chris D elaney. SM U , 
64, 6 3 
Bru ce Kfeege, B Y U det Curtis W illiam s. Indiana 
State, 6 4 , 64 
V an W in its k y , U C L A det 
L a r r y D a v id s o n , 
Swarthm ore, 6-1, 61. 
Kent Crawford, Utah det Tom Brightield, P rin ­ ceton, 6-4, 7-5. 
E ric k Isk e rsk y. Trin iiy det 
B r ia n M itc h e ll, 
Missouri, 61, 6-4. 
Tony G ra h a m , U C L A det. D on V a te n tin c ic , 
Houston, 6-1, 62. th o rh e Ellis. Georgia, del. Rob H ubbard, P a n 
Am erican, 62, 6 4 
Randv Crawford, TCU def, Ron M ve rs, M iam i, 
6 o, 62, 
G a ry Plock, Texas, def. Rick M ever, Penn . 6-3, 
3-6, 64. 
Biil Maze, Stanford det M ark Turpin, S M U , 4 6 , 
7-6, 6 5, 6 4. 
Tony Giam m aiw a, Trin ity def 
Ste ve Kend ait, 
M iam i, 62, 6 7 , 2-5, 6o. 
Ben M cKown, Trinity def. A .J. Shaka, Clarem ont 
6o, 6o. 
Bill Clarke, Kansas def. P e rry W right, Stanford, 
61, 63. 
J a i Diiouic, SM U det. M el Ampon, S. Illinois, 6 2, 
63. 
Chris Lewis, USC def. L a r r v Gottfried, Trinity, 
6 -2 , 63 
Jett Robinson, Alabam a dc.t. John H aves, P rin ­ ceton, 7-6, 6 2 5-3 5-2, 7-6, 6-4. 
Jo h n A ustin,U C LA def 
D anny W ald m an , H a r­ vard 63, 61. 
Hal Gorm an, L S U def. Curt Sla ld e r, Cal lrvin e , 
7-6, 5-2, 2-6. 
C ary Stansburv, California, def Je r e m y Cohen, 
Arizona St. 63, 4-i, 
6 -4 . 
Leo Pa lin , Pep p erd in e, def. Ja c k ie B u sh m an . 
Auburn 7-6, 5-4, 1-6, 7-6, 5-4 . 
C hris Dunk, C aliforn ia def, Ju a n F a r r o w , SiU- 
Edw ardsviite, 7-5, 6-1. 
Bru ce Nichols, U C LA def C ary Leeds, Y a ie 6-2. 
61. 
Nial Brash, San Jo se St def. Ja n G rass, Princeton 
6 3. 62. 
John Eagfeton, M iam i det. M ike G reenb erg, W a shington, 61. 5-7, 64. 
Matt Mitcheil, Stanford, def.John Bennett, B Y U , 
64, 61. 
John Sadri, NC State def. Randall C lark, Arizona, 
6 -1, 62. 
Ferd i Taygan, U C LA def. Tim G a rcia, New M ex­ ico, 64, 62. 
M art D avis, C alifornia def Je ff E tfe rb e e k , M i­ chigan 6-2, 63. 
Chris Mavote, South Carolina def. Jim G reenberg, 
Utah, 7-5, 7-6, 5-4. 
John Staub, Oklahom a def. Bob L e a rm a n , W e s ­ tern M ichigan, 1-6, 63, 6-3. 
Eddie Edw ards, Pepperdine, def, K evin C urren, 
Texas 6-4, 61. 
Andv Lucchesi, USC del E r ic From m , Colum bia, 
6-3, 6 ?. 
Second Round 
Bru ce Manson, USC def. Hal Gorm an, L S U 7 6 , 
61. 
Ken* Crawford, Utah, def. B ru ce Kleege, B Y U , 
64, 64. 
Van Winitsky, U C LA def. G e ry Plock, Texas 6 -4 , 
7-6. 
E ric Iskersky, Trin ity, def. B iil M aze, Stanford, 
64, 64 
Tony G iam m olva, Trin ity def C a ry Sta n sb u rv, 
California, 64, 64. 
Charlie Ellis, Georgia e 
Randv C raw ford, TC U , 
2-6, 7-6, 7-6. 
Chris Lewis, USC def. Ja i D iLouie, S M U , 4 6 , 7-6, 
64. 
Tony Grahom , U C L A def. Leo Palin , Pepperdine, 
1-6, 7-6, 62. 
Ben McKown, Trinity, def, Jo h n Eagleton, M iam i 
6 1 ,6 
B ru ce Nichols, U C L A def. C hris M avo tle, U SC , 
64, 64. 
John Sadri, N.C. State def. Eddie Ed w ard s, Pep- perdine, 6-3, 64. 
M art Davis, Californio def. Nial Brash , San Jo se 
St., 7-6, 61. 
Bill Clarke, Kansas, det. Jo h n Staub, O klahom a, 
3-6, 63, 7-6. 
Matt Mitchell, Stanford, def. John Austin, U C L A 
6-2, 64 
Ferd i Tavgan, U C LA def. Chris Dunk, California, 
3-6, 63, 64. 
Andv Lucchesi, USC def. Jett Robinson, A lab am a, 
6-4, 7-6. 
Doubles 
First Round 
Bru ce Manson-Chris Lew is, USC def. Ju a n F a r row-Ariun Fernando, SlU -Ed w ard sville, 6 4, 63 
John Eagleton-John G e ra g h ty, M ia m i det. Wil- liams-Statder, Cal-lrvine, 64, 6-4. 
Jo n Paiey-Tony G rah am , U C L A def. Jo h n so n 
Jackson, Wash and Lee, 63, 3-6, 6-3. 
Jeff Etterbeck-Jud Shaufler, M iehigan def. 4harlie 
Eilis-Weslev Cash, Georgia, 6-7, 7-6, 7-5. 
G a r y Plo ck -D evin C u rre n , Te x a s def. E d le s 
M cN am ara, Cal-irvine, 6-1, 1-6, 6-2. 
M ike Greeberg D ave Thornburgh, Utah det. Hal 
Gorm an-Gary Cannon, L S U , 4 -6 , 6-3, 7-6. 
Leo Palin-Eddie Edw ard s, Pepp erdine def. Kent 
Crawtord-Dave Sberbeck Utah, 7-6, 7-6, 
Fe rd i- Tavg a n -V a n W in its k y , U C L A det. B e n 
M cKow n-Eric Iskersky, Trin ity, 6-1, 63. 
B ru c e Kleege-Joh n Be n n ett, B Y U def. D onnv 
Waldman-Todd Landy, H a rvard , 7-6, 6-3. 
M art Davis-Chris Dunk, California def. Rob Hub- bard-Richardo Evnaudi, Pan-Am , 6-2, 6-2. 
L a r r v Gottfried-Tony G ia m m a iv a , Trin ity , def. 
Nial Brash-Brad Rowe, San Jo se St., 3-6, 8-5, 7-6. 
B r u c e N ich o ls- Jo h n A u s tin , U C L A d e t 
Jo n 
Cross-Tom Brighttield, Princeton, 6 3, 6-3. 
Jo h n Rast-Bill M aze, Stanford, det. K eith West- 
Peter Simpson, M em phis St., 7-6, 3-6, 6-4. 
David Bohrnstedt-Chris D elaney, S M U def. Les 
Tcoo-Jobn Staub, Oklahoma, 7-5, 6-1. 
M att M itchell-Perrv W right, Stanford, def. E r ic 
From m -Gory Adelm an, Columbia, 4-6, 6 2, 6-3. 
Andy Lucchessi-Mike N e w b erry, U SC def. M att 
Doyle-Cary Leeds, Y ale 7-6, 6-3. 

W O R L D T E A M T E N N IS 
E ast 
W L Pet. G B 
Boston 
12 
2 
.857 — 
New York 
9 
4 
.692 21 ? 
Indiana 
7 
6 
.538 4’ ? 
Cleve-Pitt 
5 1o 
,333 7 V? 
The Soviets 
3 11 
.214 9 
Wes* 
Phoenix 
9 
3 .75o - 
Sea-Part 
8 
4 
.667 1 
Golden Gate 
7 
4 .636 IV 2 
San Diego 
5 
9 
.357 5 
Los Angeles 
1 13 
.o71 9 
T h ursd ay’s M atch es 
New York 29, San Diego 22 

Fig ht time 

Ra fa el Dura n will fig ht Luis 
Rico in a fea therweig ht cla sh a t 
Municipa l Audito rium Tuesda y nig ht. The ma in ev ent fea tures 
Ra fa el Limo n a g a inst Ag ustin 
Estra da . 

Phoenix 27, Seo-Port 23 
Boston 3o, The Soviets 15 
F rid a y ’s M atch es 
Los Angeles vs. San Diego at Anaheim 
Golden Gate vs. Phoenix at Tulsa. Ok la 
New York vs. Sea-Port at Portland 
The Soviets at C leveland 
S a tu rd a y 's M atch es 
Indiana ot San Diego 
New York at Phoenix 
Su n d ay's M atch es 
San Diego vs. Indiana at Anaheim 

P A R IS (A P ) — Results in the Fren ch Open Tennis 
C h am p ion sh ip s at th e Ro la n d G a r r o s Sta d iu m 
Frid ay included . 
M e n ’s Singles 
Second Round 
Adriano P a n a tla , Ita ly, beat Ju lia n G a n z ab al, 
Argentina, 6-2, 2-6, 64, 61. 
Brian Fairlie, New Zealand, beat Em ilio Montano, 
Mexico, 63, 63, 4-6, 6o. 
Pete r E lte r, W est G e rm a n y, beat B ill Scanlon, 
Dallas, 4-6, 7-6, 64, 64. 
UMi Pinner, West G erm any, beat Bvron B e rtram , 
South Africa, 62, 7-5, 61. 
Chris Lewis New Zealand, beat Ism ael el Shafei, 
Egypt, 62, 3-6, 61 6-1. 
Stan Smith, Sea Pines, S C., beat Ju e rg e n Foss bender, West G erm any, 64, 63, 7-5. 
Raul Ram irez, Mexico, beat Je ff Borow iak, B e r­ keley, Calif., 63, 63, 62. 
John Yutil. South Africa, beat Fran co is Jo u lfre t, 
Fran ce 64, 7-6, 2-6, 67, 6-4. 
Antonio Z u g o relli, Ita ly , beat F ra n tis e k P a la , 
Czechoslovakia, 6 -4 , 2-6, 6-3, 6 4. 
W om en's Singles 
Second Round 
Pam W hytcross, A ustralia, beat S ilva n a U rroz, 
Chile, 6-1,62, 
M ima Jausovec, Yugoslavia, beat Ingrid Bentzer, 
Sweden, 6-2, 61. 
Regina M arsikova, Czechoslovakia, beat Rachel 
Giscatre, Argentina, 6-4, 6-2. 
Yvonne Verm aak, South Africa, beat M a ria Pin- terava, Czechoslovakia, 1-6, 6-1, 6-2. 
N ancy Richey, San Angelo, Tex,, beat F io re lla 
Bonicelli, Uruguay, 6-4, 5-7, 61. 
Brigitte Cuvpers, South A frica, beat Fred eriau e 
Thibault, France, 64, 64. 
Pam Teeguarden, Los Angeles, beat Donna Gonz, 
Miam i Beach, Fla., 64, 4-6, 7-5. 
Volf 

A TLA N TA (A P I — Second-round scores F rid a y In the $2oo,ooo Atlanta Classic golf tournam ent on the 
6,883-vard, par-72 Atlanta Country Club course; 
M ac McLendon 
6 8 69— 137 
U.S . n etters sca rce 

PARIS (AP) — Stan Smith dismissed Juergen 
Fassbender of West Germany 6-4, 6-3, 7-5 Friday and completed a little band of four Americans in the last 
32 of the French Open Tennis Championships. 
They were all that remained of the 27 Americans who set out at the start of the week. The rest fell in the first two rounds, many of them bemused by the red clay courts of the Roland Garros grounds, slower than any big tournament surface in the United 
States. 
The other American survivors were Harold Solo­ mon, Brian Gottfried and Tom Gullikson, left-hand­ ed member of the Onalaska, Wis., twins. 

Jeff Borowiak and Bill Scanlon were eliminated 
Friday. Raul Ramirez of Mexico, a semifinaUst last year, outplayed Borowiak, of Berkeley, Calif., 6-3, 
6-3, 6-2, Peter Elter, 18-year-old West German, ousted Scanlon of Dallas 4-6, 7-6. 6-4, 6-4 in a match interrupted by darkness overnight. 

Dove Stockton 
6 8 69 -137 
Lou Groham 
56 71-137 
Jim Dent 
6 8 7o-138 
Oovid Graham 
6 8 7o- 138 
Bod Dickson 
14-65 — 139 
Lanny Wadkins 
72-68- 14o 
Roger Moltbie 
73-67- 
14o 
Alon Tapie 
7o ZO­ 
14o 
Biil Rogers 
ZO 67- 14o 
Hole Irwin 
7o-7o--14o 
Steve Veriato 
7o 7o - 14o 
Bob Wynn 
71-7o— 141 
Victor Regalado 
71 7o-141 
Tom Evan s 
69 72--141 
Lon Hinkle 
7o 71-141 
Lyn Lott 
71 7o— 141 
Doug Tewe 11 
69 72-141 
Charles Coodv 
73 68-141 
Art Wall 
73 6 8--141 
John Schroeder 
6 8 74-142 
Hubert Green 
73-69-142 
Ja v Haas 
72 7o-142 
L a rrv Netson 
73 69 -142 
M orris Hataisky 
73 69 -.142 
G rier Jones 
73-69-142 
Mike McCutloogh 
7o 72-142 
Tommy Aaron 
*9 73--142 
M ark Haves 
73 69 -142 
Dwight Nevil 
7? 7o-14? 
Don Pooley 
72 71-143 
Tom Jenkins 
72 71-143 
Mason Rudolph 
73 7o-143 
Tom Storey 
73 7o-143 
Terry Diehl 
71 72— 143 
Steve Taylor 
71 72-143 
OeWitt W eaver 
7o-73-143 
Don Baker 
7o-73- 
14.1 
Bill Mallon 
72-71--143 
Ja c k Nicklaus 
7o 73-•143 
Lee Elder 
71 72— 143 
Duke Butler 
69-74- 143 
Steve Melnyk 
71-73- -144 
Jo e Inman 
71 73- -144 
Orville Mcodv 
7o 74- -144 
D ave Eichetberger 
6 8 76--144 
John Lister 
73 71-144 
Leonard Thomoson 
74/o-144 je r r y M cGee 
68/6-144 
Biilv Casper 
74 7o— 144 
Butch Baird 
7o 75-145 
Bob Eastwood 
7o 75-145 
W ayne Yates 
73-72-145 
Richard Crawford 
73 77-145 
Jett Hewes 
75-/o-145 
Ken Still 
71-74- -145 
Homero Blancos 
72-73--145 
Craig Stadler 
71-74— 145 
B a rry Jaeckel 
71-74— 145 
John SchSee 
72-73-145 
L a rry Ziegler 
71 74— 145 
Tom Weiskopt 
74 71 — 145 
G ary McCord 
69 76--145 
Bob Smith 
75-7o-145 
Rod Curt 
73-72- -145 
G ary Hardin 
75-7o-145 
Bob Menne 
73 73-146 
E d Sabo 
73 73— 146 
W ally Armstrong 
74 72- 146 
Allen Miller 
75 71- 146 
Artie M cNickle 
74 72-146 
Frank Beard 
74 7?. -146 
M iller Barb er 
74 72-146 
Ray Sovtk 
75 71-146 
Bru ce Fleisher 
76 7o-146 
J.C . Snead 
73 73-146 
M ark Lve 
74 72-146 

Failed to Qualify 
Dan Sikes 
75 72-147 
Florentine Molina 
75 72— 147 
George Archer 
73-74-147 
Dale Douglass 
77-7o-147 
Nate Starks 
75 72-147 
Keith Fergus 
75-72- -14? 
Jim White 
74-73-147 
Al Geiberger 
75 72-147 
Bob Shearer 
74 73- -147 
Ed Dougherty 
73 75- 148 
Bob Lunn 
75-73-148 
Tom Shaw 
73 75--148 
David Canipe 
76-72-148 
M ike W alters 
71-77--148 
Gil M organ 
73 75— 148 
Kerm it Zarlev 
78 7o-148 
George Johnson 
75 73-148 
M ike Reid 
75 73- -148 
Paul Moran 
73-76— 149 
Bill Calfee 
73 76- 
149 
Carlton White 
76-73- -149 
Dan Murphy 
72 77--149 
Howard Twittv 
74 75-149 
Gibbv Gilbert 
71-78- -149 
D ave Glenz 
77 72--149 
Tom Purtzer 
77 72-149 
Andv Bean 
75 74-149 
Bobbv Mitchell 
76 73-149 
Jo e Porter 
73-76-149 
Bobbv Wadkins 
75-7S -15o 
Sam Adorns 
76-74-15o 
G av Brew er 
74-76--15o 
Frank Conner 
75 75— 15o 
M ark Alwin 
76-74— 15o 
Fre d M arti 
77-73— ISO 

Oove Newauist 
79 71— 15o 
Stan Lee 
’ .V7 7- ISO 
Dick Most 
78 72— 15o 
Joev Dills 
77 73— 15o 
Woodv Blackburn 
77 73— 15o 

C A M P H IL L . P a (A P ) - Scores in F rid a y ’s first round of the $5o.ooo L ad y Keyston e L P G A tour nomeot ot Arm itage Golf Club; 
M ary Beo Porter 
31-32—6.1 
Carole Jo Skata 
32-32-64 
Roberta Speer 
33 33— 
6 c 
Silvia Bertoiaccim 
31 35—66 
Ja n Stephenson 
33 34—67 
Kathy M cM ullen 
34-33—67 
Sandra Post 
3 3 -3 4 
67 
M J. Smith 
3? 35 
6 / 
M ai bo Sasaki 
33 34—67 
Kathy Posttewait 
35 37 
67 
Debbie M assey 
35-32—67 
V ivian Brow nlee 
34 33—67 
Kathv Whitworth 
32 35—67 
Beth Solomon 
33-34—6? 
Jan e t Aulisi 
33-34 - 
6 ? 
Kathv M artin 
37 31- 
6 8 
Sandra Spuzich 
36-32—68 
Am y Alcott 
35-33—68 
Susie M rAldster 
36 33 
69 
Chako Higuchi 
34 35- 
9 9 

W E E K E N D E R S G A 
The W eekenders Goit Association will hold its weekly tournament Saturday beginning at noon ot 
Riverside 

S A W G A 
Nine Hole Tournament — Cham pionship Flight 
— LG , M arge Locke, 41 
LN 
D orcas Stearn es, 
43-7—36; Ruth Stobie. 42-6-36; B e ttv D u rh am . 
43 7 — 36. L P , D orcas Stearnes, 13. First Flight 
LG , Kay Sykes, 41. LN , K aty Chanev. 43 9—34; Flo 
M cG affigon, 43 9 —34! M arle n e B a ile y , 44 9 —35 
L P , Flo M cG affig o n , 14 
Th ird F lig h t — L G . 
Dorothy Bethea, 46. LN C arolyn M ofter, 47 13 
34: 
Peggy Vincent, 49 14—35. L P , Jo a n Donaldson, 14 
Dorothy Bethea. 14 
The San Antonio W om en s G o lf A sso cia tio n elected officers tor 1977-78 at a luncheon F rid a y 
N e w O f fic e r s ot S A W G A a r e : 
K a v S v k e s , president; Flo M cG affigon, first vice president 
Dottie Nicholson, second vice president, 
D orcas 
Stearnes, secretary; M illie Boeder, treasurer 
YO U TH FO R C H RIS T TO U RN . 
Gross — Carl W ern er, 75; Harold Meadot 
76. 
Mac Works, 79, Net — D. P a rk e r, 6 6; Ja c k Norton, 
69; Oon M alsel, 69. Blind Bogey — Hugh T idon, 
71; Carl Byers, 73; Gordon Stafford, 74 
J G A S T 
Summer Tournam ents tor the Ju n io r Golf As sociation — Ju n e 1o — W illow Springs, 9 a.m .; 
Jun e 1o-12, Waterwood Golf Course in Hunstvilte. 
Ju n e 16-17, Chuck Klein's P a t Three ! Ju n e 29 JO, 
E d Carpenter’s Par Three; Ju ly 1 
K elly A F B , 
Ju ly 6-7, E d C arpen ter's; Ju ly 8 
P ecan V alle y 
God Course; Ju ly 11-12, TA A F - JG A S T al Otmos 
(1? and under), Ju ly 13 15. TA A F - JG A S T at Olmos 
(13-18); Ju ly 18-19, Klein's . August 2, Rive rsid e; 
August 3 5, 
K lein's; 
August 
1o, 
Otmos; 
16-17, 
Carpenter's. 

Hors«» Karin# 

B E L M O N T: 
$25,ooo High Gun P u rse — Quiet 
Little Table ($3.6o), E l P itirre, Dr. Em il. One an d one-sixteenth mites in 1:43 25. 
A TLA N TIC C ITY : 
Feature - Slv Rex 
($8 8o1, 
Pinto, Privileged P a rty Seven furlongs in 1; 24 
* 
RU IO O S o : 
Featu re 
B a rb iia v ($15.8o), Se­ rene Princess, Little Foggy 
Six furlongs in 1:15 
25. 
L O U IS IA N A 
Featu re 
Black Bavou ($1o.2o» 
Class Royalty. Sm art investment. Six and one-halt furlongs in 1 :21 . 
C H U RC H IL L : 
Featu re - P a y n e Street ($7), 
Cabitdo's M arina, Note ot Victory Six furlongs m 
1 o9 45. 
G O L D E N T G A T E : 
F e o tu re 
P r e c o n c e a l 
($6 6o), Sister Prune, Eag er s Star 
One m ile in 
1:36 35. 

P IM L IC O : 
F e a t u r e 
F ir s t Ro s e ($1 1 ), 
Needavision, Am bergap Six furlongs in 1:11 
M O N M O U TH : 
F e a tu re 
~ 
Ro y al D raftsm en 
($18 2o). Pack er Captain Come On Ja v . One and one sixteenth miles in 1 42 .4 5. 
H A W TH O R N E . 
F e a tu re 
B ill B o n b rla h t 
($7.8o1- D rones Rew ard, Treatise Six furlongs in 

1 :11 1/5. 
S U F F O L K ; 
Fe a tu re 
A ruban Bo v 
( $8 2o), j B s Jet, Baal Moloch. Six furlongs m 1:11 4/5. 
H O L L Y W O O D 
F e a tu re 
K aton k a ($4.4o) 
Dancing Fem m e, Sweet-Robbery 
Eig h t furlongs in 1:34 3 
5 
S«M*«*«»r 

 l*o lo 

S A. P O L O 
Refarm a P I Polo Center at Selm a 9, Widow Bend 
Polo Club 6 . Both club will meet Sunday al 3 p.m. at Brackenridge Polo Field 

N O RTH A M E RIC A N SO C C ER L E A G U E 
Atlantic Conference 
North 
W 
L 
O F 
G A B P 
Toronto 
4 
4 
13 
9 12 
St Louis 
3 
6 
1o 
16 1o 
Chicago 
’ 
? 
7 
18 
8 
Rochester 
2 
4 
5 
8 
5 
Connecticut 
o 
7 
4 
21 
4 
Eosl 
Tamno Bay 
6 
3 
2) 
L? 18 
Cosmos 
5 
4 
16 
12 16 
Ft Lauderdale 
5 
2 
12 
1o 11 
Washington 
5 
3 
11 
7 11 
Pacific Conference 
South 
Las Vegas 
7 
2 
11 
12 II 
Son Jose 
6 
4 
15 
16 15 
Dallas 
5 
3 
16 
I! 16 
Los Angeles 
5 
3 
18 
8 15 
Hawaii 
5 
6 
12 
21 12 
West 
Minnesota 
? 
2 
18 
8 17 
Portland 
4 
5 
12 
13 
12 
Vancouver 
3 
6 
11 
'5 
11 
Seattle 
2 
5 
7 
It 
? 
F rid a y 's M atches 
Hawaii 1, Chicago o 
San Jose 4, Si Louis 3 
Fort Lauderdale at Portland 
Satu rd ay's M atches 
Las Vegas at Dallas 
S u n d a y's M atch es 
Cosmos at Tampa Bo v 
San Jose at Connecticut 
Washington al Rochester 
Hawaii al Toronto 
C hicago at Minnesota 
Fort Lauderdale at Vancouver 

• TAUGHT BY NBA 
PLAYERS AND COACHES 

• I NSTRUCTI ONAL 
BASKETBALL 

• COMPETI TI ON AND 

GAMES 

• AGES 8 18 

S 
A 
N 
A 
N 
T 
O 
N 
I O 
• DAY CAMPER 
• RI SI DÍ NT CAMPER 
• GREAT M t ALS 
• AI R CONDI TI ONED 
ROOMS 

• SWI MMI NG 
• WRI TE OR CALL EOR 
(O M PLETL 
I N1oRM A1I oN 

C Ô B Ÿ D IE T R IC H 
(Third & Fourth Week) 

SKETBÄLL C 

1 
o 
7 
7 r a i 
F 
N 
H 
A 
P 
1977 CALENDAR 
Arrive June S— Depart June 11 (FIllED) 

Arrive June 12— Depart June 18 
Arrive June 19— Depart June 25 
Arrive tune 28— Depart July 2 

Arrive July 3— Depart July 9 

Arrive July 1o— Depart July 16 

ENROLL N O W FOR 

BEST SELECTION 

P.O. BOX 53o SAN ANTONIO, TEX 78292 512-224-4611 

JAMES SILAS 
» 
(Second & Third Week) 

THE CULLUM & BOREN 

CONTEST! 

*1,2oo 
IN PRIZES 

APRIL 17 THROUGH JUNE 3o,1977 
ENTER TODAY! 

NO PURCHASE NECESSARY! 

Pick u p a copy of th e official ru les an d register at Cu llu m & Boren Sportin g Goods. cimum&BORin 
NoRTHSTAR MALL 
WINDSOR PARK MALL 

C & B CHARGE, M ASTER CHARGE, BANKAMERICARO. 

AM ERICAN EXPRESS or ytVAW AV 

K enedy ha ng s to ug h 

.SPECIAL TO THE EXPRESS-NEWS 
GEORGE W EST - The Kenedy 
Lions swept their bidistrict series from 
George West Thursday night by dub­ bing the Longhorns with a 16-hit at­ tack, 16-2. 
Kenedy, now 26-6 for the season, will play Hebbronville in a rematch of last year's Class AA regional finals. 
First game is set for 7:3o p.m. next 

Tuesday in Hebbronville. Second con­ test is at 7:3o p.m. in Kenedy, then a third game, if necessary, will be at 7:3o p.m. Friday at a site yet to be deter­ mined. Tickets are $1 and $2 at the gate. 

K E N E D Y 16, G E O R G E W E S T 2 
Kenedv 
512 o8o o - 16 
16 
1 
George West 
ooo 2oo o — 2 
3 
2 
Pullin and Dumont; Rea, Steen (2), Bu m gardner 
(6 ) and Robbins. W —Pullin (5-4), L — Eea. 
Uva ld e b a g s No . 3 o 

SPECIAL TO THE EXPRESS-NEWS 
WHARTON - The Uvalde Coyotes hit the 3o-victory mark and won their 
Class AAA bidistrict series over 
Whatton with a 9-3 victory in the second game of a doubleheader 
Thursday night, 
Wharton had beaten the Coyotes in the opener by the same score, 
Uvalde sent 12 men to the plate in the third inning of the nightcap and scored six runs. The Pack had six hits, all singles, in the big explosion, including two by Vann McElroy. 
Brian McLaughlin went 3-for-4, 
Steve Rambie 2-3, including a double, and Oscar Alejandro 2-4. 
Left-hander Richard Contreras scat­ tered six hits to get the victory, 
Uvalde’s 3oth against only four losses. 

In the opener, Rambie went 3-for-4 to start a five-hit day and Greg Kolinek had a perfect 3-for-3. Joe Sansom was the losing pitcher for the first time this year. 
Uvalde becomes the first AAA area team since Eagle Pass in 197o to get past the bidistrict level and into regionals, where they will meet the 
Gregory-Portland-Falfurrias winner. 
G-P leads that series, 1-o, going into a twin bill Friday. 

F irst G om e 
Uvalde 
2oo o1o o - 3 
11 
2 
Wharton 
ooo 36o x — 9 
9 
o 
Sansom, Flores ( 6 ) and Neutze; P a d illa and 
Erevia. W —Padilla L — Sansom (8-1), 
Second G am e 
Uvalde 
1o6 
ooo 2—9 
1o 
o 
W harton 
11o 
oo1 o -3 
6 
5 
Contreras and Neutze; Rodriguez, M lksa (3), 
M artinez (3) and E re v ia . W —C o n tre ra s (9 -1). 
L — Rodriguez. H R—W hartan: B ria n Yb arb o, 2nd, solo. 
19 77 G M PICK-UP 

All power a nd air, auto­ matic, mag wheels, regular gas engine, guages, Sierra equipment. 
5195 
TINDALL...SON PONTIAC-GMC 
3 9 o o SAN PEDRO 
7 3 6 - 15 6 1 

Medina Va lley pla y s Mo nda y 

SPECI AL TO THE EXPRESS-NEWS 
CASTROVILLE — Th e Med in a Valley Pan th ers will o p en th eir Class AA reg io n al fin als series ag ain st Pflu g erv ille at 8 p .m. n ex t Mo n d ay at Nelso n 
Field in Au stin . 

Seco n d g ame in th e b est-o f-th ree series will b e at 8 p .m. n ex t Wed n esd ay in Med in a Valley , 
If a th ird g ame is n eed ed , th e teams will p lay at 8 p .m. n ex t Th u rsd ay at New Brau n fels’ Un ico rn 
Stad iu m, 

Med in a Valley will b e g o in g fo r its th ird reg io n al title in sev en y ears u n d er Co ach Gerry Kemp f after wh ip p in g Co le twice in b id istrict. 
Pflu g erv ille ram b led p ast Marb le Fu lls fo r a isweep in its b id istrict set th is week . 

Pederna les Ra nch 
Esta tes 
L.B.J. Territo ry o n the Pederna les Riv er a t 
Jo hnso n City . 
32 Tracts 

1o% DOWN 

Every tract has waterfront access to the Pedernales River through the 
15-acre park for owners use only. You can buy from 1o acres to 58 acres and priced as low as $825 per acre. Owner financing is available to build in this excellent planned and restricted subdivision. We feel you will buy this beautiful tree covered hill country property if you will drive out and have a visit with us. A salesman is on duty 24 hours a day or you can call marketing agent Gene Naumann anytime at A.C. 
512-476-2641 for further details. 

An excellent restricted subdivision. Financed and owned by 
FIRST SERVICE CORPORATION 

Affiliate of- 

FIRST FEDERAL SAVINGS 
OF AUSTIN 

For detailed directions and information, salesmen are on duty 24 hours daily on the property or o y phone. Mark eted by GENE NAUMANN REAL ESTATE 
1514 Guadalupe • Austin • Phone (512) 476 -26 41 

DIRECTIONS: At Johnson City lake Hwy 28! North and go 1 G miles past Pedernales bridge to Ranch 

Road 1323 and you will see our sign and office 

 f s 
V u a ti e 
V 

% il 

 u c i ’ s s, r s* 

Up to *3,5oo IN COLD CASH O ffered 
Every W eek in the Express and News' 
Exciting New 

Outdoors 

 w ith lla n K leppf^ r 

Ba ss to urney s o n sma ll la kes 

I 
Í I 
V 

How can you get yo u r share? Easy! 

JUST REACH FOR THE 
SUNDAY EXPRESS-NEWS AND GET 
YOUR PERSONAL LUCKY NUMBER 

ONtlfnouv 
AND 

San Antonio 
3 TAR 

L 'ü : 

Ì 

S o n A i tfossl 
Si 

F rid a y ‘m T he 

K 
- 
I® 
« ,o o o 

The Parks and Wildlife De­ partment might b e opening u p an ex pensiv e can of worms b y assisting in releasing fish cau ght du ring the Top Six Bass 
Tou rnament at Falcon Lake nex t weekend. 
The department will hav e personnel and a holding lank on hand to che­ mically treat fish for retu rn to the re­ serv oir. 
No matter how admirab le the g es­ tu re might b e. the department might find it difficu lt to tu rn down req u ests for similar considerations du ring other tou rnaments . . . and there are a lot of them. 
Bass clu b s which hold tou rnaments on lakes the size of Brau nig and Cala­ v eras cou ld take a page fr(» m tou rna­ ment regu lations of the Hawaii Bu ss 
Clu b . 

All fish ca ug ht during ev ery to urna ­ ment a re relea sed, a nd members re­ turn the fish to the wa ter sho rtly a fter they a re ca ug ht to reduce stress a nd a id in the surv iv a l o f the ba ss. 

Club members ho ld their to urna ­ m ents o n Wa hia wa R eserv o ir, a 
3o o -a cre la ke o n Oa hu. The Ha wa iia n 
Isla nds ha v e limited ba ss fishing a nd ba ss fishing wa ters, a nd the leg a l ba g limit Is three fish per da y . 

In addition, from Feb . 1 throu gh 
Alarch 31 of each y ear, all b ass more than 15 inches in length mu st b e rt‘- tu rn<‘d to the waters of Wahiawa to permit these fish to spawn. 
Rov ing weighmaster 
The Hawaii Bass Clu b doesn't de- lietid on the honor sy stem in d e te r­ mining who wins the tou rnaments held 
I'aeh y ear. Ahnnhers — the elnh has 5o to (id — participate in 1o tou niaiiients each 12 months. Faeh fish ean.glit is wi'ighed. and each fish cau ght is re­ leased. 
Tlu * elnf) has a ru \itig weighmu sler. 
He doesn't fish the tou rnament. He eoM'i’s I he lake, weighing and releu s- 
I ing b ass u s they are eau ghl. 
¡ 
Tin? weighmaster for each tou rna­ ment is the fisherman who won the pre\ ions tou rnament. 

Uruunig a nd Ca la v era s a re sev era l tim es la rg er tha n Wa hia wa , a nd it 

CASH 
;r ever y 
SUNDAY 
EXfRESi 
THE lEWSl 

 mig ht require two o r mo re weig hma s- ters fo r a club to urna m ent, but a ca tch-w eig h-a nd-relea se pro g ra m wo uld wo rk o n these reserv o irs by a s­ sig ning weig hma sters to sectio ns o f the Ja kes. 

Each b oat cou ld b e eq u ipped with a b laze orange flag which cou ld b e hoisted when a fish is ready to b e checked. The weighmasters cou ld u se b inocu lars to check for flags as they cru ise their assigned areas. ' 
Th(' fish cou ld b e winghed, recorded and retu rned to the water withou t b e­ ing stressed ail day in a liv e well or on a stringer. 
Both of these small reserv oirs are su b ject to heav y fishing pressu re, and in one, Brau nig, lu rgemou th b ass hav e trou b le replenishing their nu m b ers throu gh natu ral reprodu ction. Brau nig b ass need all the help they can get. 
Sale of b lack b ass 

Fish m arket sales of largem ou lh b ass continu e in Tex as u nder a two- y (*ar-old law tliat was not challenged b y a repeal du ring the legislativ e ses­ sion now drawing to a close. 
Two y ears ago politicians passed a law which permits the sale of game fish, su ch as largem ou th b ass and flat head catfish, if the fish are im ­ ported into Tex as. 
It wasn’t long b efore b lack b ass from 
Alex ieo and flatheads from Lou isiana and Alississippi b egan reaching some mai kets in Tex as. According to a law enforetmieiit officer with the Parks and 
Wildlife Department, Pace Fish Com­ pany of Browu s\ ille is importing ab ou t 
35 per cent of all th<' b lack b ass b ein.g sold ill Tex as markets. 

**.As fa r a s we ca n tell, the sa le nf ba ss ha sn't dev elo ped into a pro blem,” he sa id. 

'Pile law eiiforeemenl div ision of Hit* dt'iiartmi'nt do es no t hav e a great deai of eontrol ov er the marketing of the fish. Officials can cheek sales slips to determine the origin of tile fish. That's ab ou t all. 
Alost of tin* liass b eing imported u u - dou idedlv are coming from reserv oirs su ch as Lake Gu errero, where eom- mt*reial fishermen are activ e mu ch of the y ear. 
The fishermen u se monofilament gill nets to catch b ass. 
No NASL TV in S.A. 

I 
I 

 i ^n*r« the wtwner 
^ ^ $i ,ooa i v i i ow 

{8%sent stibsoiher to both the Son Antoaio Express isnd The heers, yooTi receivt 
oo ADoIT1ONAL125o CASH 
%OmS\ 
If you prestftfly subscribe to only one poper, the Express or the Mews, receive on EXTIUS12S! 

Ill 

N O p u rch a se 
NECESSARY 

A TV N O W and SAN 
ANTONIO STAR with your personal lucky number may be picked up at the 
Express-News, Monday thru Fridoy during ofhce hours. Of, a self- addressed, stamped envelope may be sent to 
DOUBLE CASM-O-RAMA 
NUMBER REQUEST, F.O. 
Box 2171, San Antonio, 
Texas 78 297. Deadline for requesting personalized numbers is 5 p.m. on 
Tuesday, eoch week, for the new numbers to be published the following week. Winning numbers are posted ot the Express- 
News lobby Monday through Friday during office hours. 

DOUBLE 
YOUR CHANCES 
OF WINNING! 
Look in both the Son Antonio 
Express and The N ew s M onday through Friday for winning 
Cosh-O -Rom a Num bers! 
You Con W in Big Cosh! 

SPECIAL TO THE EXPRESS-NEWS 
San Antonio is the only major Tex as eit.\ which will not receiv e the first of 
^e\en telev ised North American Soccer 
Leagu e matches, starting Su nday . 

The TVS Telev ision .Network has pu t 
Kigether a sev en-game soccer TV package with the first m atch schedu led for 12:3 o p.m . Su nday hclwcen Tampa Bay and the Cosmos. 

The TVS Su nday soccer telecast cov ers 18 of the nation’s top 2o markets and 72 per cent of the U.S. 

T'ex as stations which will air Su n­ day 's game inclu de WFFA in Dallas, 
KHOU in Hou ston, KTSAI in El Paso, 
KKIS in Corpu s Christi, KCBD in 
Lu b b ock and KMID in Odessa. 

MOV 77 
LoHi 12 44 a m. t o 6:1o D.m 
Hi 1o: W a m 

MOV 77 
L o 6:39 ü.ni 
H i 
2:5 8 a m 
L o 
7 : lO o .m . 
H i 
1:5 5 o m 

M a y 28 
Rise 6:35 o,m. 
Set 8 :27 o.m. 

F í kIi í i i|¿ 

T ID E S 
P o rt A ra n sa s 

P o rt Isobel 

S U N R IS E S U N S E T 

MOV 2» 
L o 
6:21 a.m . 
H i 11-.31 a m 
L o ' 6: 54 D m . 
H i 
— 

M a y 29 
Lo 
7; ,52 a m 
H i 
4 .13 a m . 
Lo 
7:5 2 a m 
H i 
2:26 D.m 

M o v 29 
R ise 6:35 a m 
Set 8 :27 D.m 

M O O N R IS E -M O O N S E T 
M a y 28 
R ise 4:o5 D m 
Set 3; 17 a m. 

M V O N P H A S E S 
New m oon: Ju n e 16 
F irs t q u a rte r: Ju n e 24 
F u ll m oon: Ju n e 1 
L a s t a u a rte r: Ju n e 8 

M o y 29 
R ise 5; 1o D.m 
Set 3:5 8 a.m 

Remember! 
Pick up your Sunday Express-News this Sunday and every Sunday for your personal lucky numbers on TV N O W and the SAN ANTONIO STAR! Keep the magazines all week and check winning numbers daily in the San Antonio Express and The News. 

WI NNI NG NUMBERS START 
MONDAY I N THE 
SAN ANTONI O EXPRESS 
AND THE NEWS! 

Yiv ita r 

24mm f2.8 wide angle 
28 mm f2.5 wide angle 
35mm f2.S wide angle 
135mm f2.5 telephoto 
2oomm 13.5 telephoto 
3oomm 15.6 telephoto 
4oomm 15.6 telephoto 
9o-23o #4.5 zoom 
1oo-3oo #5 zoom custom mounts 12.oo 

95oo 

8 2 « » 
^ 9 o o 
99oo 

8 
5 ^ 
9 2 o o 

1 
4 o “ « 
169«« 
1 9 5 o o 

 p h o t o g e n e s i s , inc. 

5o23 Broadway (Pholaplax) 8 28 -8 256 

Son Antonio £XPR6$$«N£WS«— Saturday May 28 19 7 7 
Po 9 « 
Yo ung acto r g ets big TV break 

Alice (Undo Lavin) takes a fob singing in a club and is arrested with two other women (Liberty Williams, left, and Caren Kaye, right) for soliciting on “ Alice,’* tonight at 
8 :3 o on Channel 5. 

Kevin Brophy is going to have a chance to prove himself early in his act­ ing career. 
Last Sunday evening, 
ABC aired a 9o-minute mystery motion picture called ‘‘Lucan.” It vias 
Kevin’s television acting debut. 
This show is a pilot for 
ABC and is scheduled to replace one of its falter­ ing shows at mid-season in January. 
However, when the ratings were in for the week, this picture ended up as the third highest watched television show of the week. Maybe it will 

On the Air 
Bv LEON 4 P4 PPAS 
TV Editor 

 be on sooner than Ja n ­ uary, should another show come in weak. 
Ex citing time 
“ This is a very exciting time for me.” said the young actor during a re- ct'Ut telephone conversa­ tion. ‘‘1 feel very excited. 
It is fantastic.” 

And it is unusual for a 
2J-year-old newcomer to pick up a lead in a tele­ vision series. 

Born in Salt Lake City. 
Brophy said he moved to 
California when hs was nine years old. “ I at­ tended the California In- stiluie of the Arts’ said 
TV highlights 
TV LISTINGS 

C-jy mwu Mt mir-.......................-------------=— =-= 

 ftcttaffi Infini» ti mpi i ti m fliH l»i «t fe» ifc« f» l*»ivi*ii tidimt tni oit tukitif fft lt)»t miitiift 
II» ««wtpief I» Ml i»»,«n 
»i^lt wh»n h»tÌD|\ QIC in niiei- 

!! (Ch. I‘2) - ABC SHORT 
STORY SPKCIAL - (R) 
“ \’a!t‘ntin<*’s 
Second 
Chance,” starring Ken 
Berry and Sean Mar­ shall. VVIkmi a boy is trapped inside a time- locked safe, a reformed safecracker risks re- 
\ealing his past and en- 
(iangcTing his new status as a solid citizen in order to save the boy’s life. 

 become a threat to more civilized planets. 

7 :3 « (Ch. .'») - THE BOB 
NEWHART SHOW - (R) 
A pretty young psycho­ logy student falls in love with Bob and he’s wor­ ried about Emily’s reac­ tion. This doesn’t bother the young woman, and 
Bob is flattered at the thought that ‘‘old blue eyes" still has the stuff. 
Noon (Ch. 5 ) - THE CBS 
CHILDREN’S 
FILM 
FESTIVAL 
- 
(R ) 
“ Where's 
Johnny*?” 
Walking his dog one day, 
■lolinny is startled when 
Rags chases a cat into a laboratory at Medico 
House, spills Professor 
Graham’s latest experi- nienl into a pan of fudge, eats till* candy and be- eonu's itn isible. 

3:3« (Ch. 12) - ABC’S 
WIDE 
WORLD 
OF 
SPORTS - Today's show will feature the Grand 
Prix of Monaco, the In­ dianapolis ‘•rilKI” Pil-stop 
Championship and other events. 

8 (Ch. 4 ) - NBC SATUR­ 
DAY NIGHT AT THE 
MOVIES - ‘‘Le Mans.” 
Steve McQueen stars as a veteran race driver who is obsessed with winning top plize in the ‘24-hour endurance test at Le 
Mans. He was injured the two previous years in the race and is trying his third time when once again his car is demo­ lished. He gels another chance, however. 

6p(5)lAFFWITH PfMDS 

♦ON Hl[ HAW TONITEf(Adv.) 

« (Ch. 1*2) - THE LAW­ 
RENCE WELK SHOW - 
The maestro presents a program of dreamy ro­ mantic songs and tunes with “ Dream” titles. 

8 (( h. 5 ) - ALL IN THE 
FAMILY - (R ) Archie goes against Gloria’s and 
Mike’s wishes again ton­ ight. This lime he enters little Jot‘y in a beautiful child contest, and then bXkes steps to make sure his grandson will win. 

7 
(Ch. 
4 ) 
- 
E M E R ­ 
G E N C Y ’ - ‘‘All Night 
Long.” Paramedic John 
Gage is inspired to write his own version of a TV game show hut gets little encouragement from his fellow erew members or relief from on-the-job in­ terruptions. 

8 (Ch. 1*2) - STARSKY & 
HUTCH - 
“ Bust Am- boy.” (R ) Slarsky and 
Hutch’s target tonight is a gangleader whose operations include nar­ cotics, prostitution and bookniaking. Art Me- trano guests as Amboy, and Lisa Mordente is a special guest as Mickey. 

I (Ch. a) - THE MARY 
TYLER MOORE SHOW - 
(R) Tragedy almost hap­ pens rigid on the air at 
W.JM-TV. Anchor man 
Ted Baxter suffers a heart attack while deli­ vering the news. 

7 (Ch. 12) . WONDER 
WOMAN - “ Judgment 
From Outer Space.” 
(Part One) (H) Andros, a visitor from outer space, is befriended by W'onder 
Woman when he is threatened by the Nazis because they want to learn scientific secrets from him. He was sent by a council of planets who fear earthlings will mis­ use atomic power and 

The Aces 
Oil Bridge 

B y lR A G - C O B N JR . 

“Ab to the question of whether 
I am a pessunnt or an optunial. I amswer that my knowtedge is pessimisti l^mg a 
.Schweita 

 ic but my willing and 

 mtstic." "A ltJbert are apUmtstic. 

 iweitzer 
Declarer has to be an optimia 

 to make today’s “ hopeless” game A pessimist may give up and concede down one, but the optimist tak«» the only chance he h*i and confidently plays for a swindle. 
Even with the tavorable 

 lead, declarer can count on only eight tricks. Where is there a chance for a ninth’’ 
Given time, it would be possi­ ble to establish a diamond. 
But that plan su rely is destined for failure since the defense would quickly estab­ lish the .spade suit. So the only chance fie.s with taking the heart finesse. ‘ What finesse? vou may ask "How does that suit offer a finesse’’” 
.South’s (inly chance ib to boldly lav down the heart queen and 

WEST 
« 

NORTH 
S/a 
é - 
A 876 4 
♦ 1o 9« 
4k KQ Jt 3 
EAST 

K J 1o 9 53 é 7 6Z 

 f J 1o 9 2 
♦ A K 5 
♦ 765 

SOUTH 
é AQS4 
JQ 
♦ 8742 
♦ A 1o 9 2 

^QJ3 

V ulnerable: North-South, 
D ealerW ^, The tsdding: 

W est 
2* 
N o rth 
3» 
E a st 
Pass 
S ftsth 
3 
NT 

Opening lead Jack of spades. 

 hope for the best. 
•rtielheart queen ls played and th e imposiible becomes possible. 
West cluckb in a trance awl tlw' 
’•impoesible" finesse comes home arKl a vulnerable garni* along with It. 

So the declarer who plays thus 

 way ts an optimist and he deserves whatever nswards he m ay get. But how about brotherly love? 
The declan*r with some com­ passion for a defeated enemy takes his spade ace and ruTLs the clubs, castling the heart ace last for tht* ninth trick. Perhap« West won t notice that the heart »ipieen was singleton The declarer with neittii*r love nor mercy leads a 

B id W ith Corn 
South liolds 

 the man's wife, i'mnjili- catiims set in when the friend kills tine of his htaekmailers. 
Jam es 
Darren is a special guest star. 

9 :3 o 
(Uh. 
9 ) 
- 
PBS 
MOVIE 
THEATRE 
- 
“ Nosferatu,” starring 
Max von Schreck and 
AlexAnder 
Cranach. 
First screen adaptation of Bram Stocker’s Vic­ torian novel, “ Dracula” by F.W. Murnau. Mur- nau’s vampire 
(von 
Schreck) is a hideous fi­ gure of evil incarnate surrounded with symbols of the supernatural. 

8:3« (Ch. 5) - ALICE - (R ) 
Alice is sure she can handle the action when she accepts a singing jot) at a rough-and-tumble club, until she is arrested for soliciting. 

9 (Ch. 5 ) - THE CAROL 
BURNETT SHOW - (R) 
Carol's guest tonight is 
E m in y - .\ w a rd w i n n i n g 
Betty White of “ The 
Mary 
TyleB 
Moore 
Show.” She joins the cast in a lavish inusical-co- niedy salute to the Zieg- feld Follies. 

è A Q 84 fQ 
♦ 874 2 
♦ a 1o 9 2 

North 
IT 
2» 

South 
14 

1o:3 o (Ch. 12) - SUPER- 
STAR CINEMA - “ The 
Big Heal,” starring 
Glenn Ford and Gloria 
Grahame. A detective sets out to trap a nest of criminals, and as a result his wife is killed in an explosion meant for him. 

9 
(Ch. 
12) 
- 
THE 
FEATH ER 
AND 
FATHER GANG - “ For the Love of Sheila.” An old friend of Harry’s falls victim to a blackmail plot, and Harry and 
Feather learn the scheme is being engineered by 

 low club to dummv and ca«*«» the heart ace. thniwtng a very black spade ~ maybe this cruel exposure of West's mistake might induce another error on the next hand 

1o:1o (Ch. 4 ) - NBC’S S/\- 
TURDAY NIGHT LIVE - 
(R ) Broderick Crawford is the guest host and 
Linda Ronstadt is the featured musical guest. 

11:3 o (Ch. 5 ) - THE BIG 
SHOW - “ African Adven­ ture.” Filmed on location in remote Botswana, the story follows a young 
.American striving to adapt to the strange li­ festyles of the nomadic 
Bushman tribe. 

12:1o a.m. (Ch. 4) - THE 
LATE SHOW-(R) “ Beau 
Gesle” stars Guy Stock- well, Doug McClure, 
Leslie Nielsen and Telly 
Savalas. Third remake of 
Percival 
Christopher 
Wren’s classic novel of the French Foreign Le­ gion in a lonely Sahara outpost. 

12:3 o (Ch. 12) - LATE 
MOVIE - “ Memlwr of the 
Wedding.” Ethel Waters, 
Julie Harris and Brandon 
Dewilde star. Young.ster of 12 doesn’t realize she’s leaving childhood for adolescence and is deter­ mined to go with her brother on his honey­ moon to escape her 
“ drab” existence. 

1 
(Ch. 
5 ) 
- NIGHT- 
FLIGHT ’77 - “ The Mil­ lionaire: The Story of 
Mildred Milliken.” On receiving a million dol­ lars, Mildred Milliken decides to adopt six little orphans, but the author­ ities point out that to do so, she must be married and searches for a hus­ band. “ Wild, Wild West: 
The Night of the Torture 
Chamber.” Agents West and Gordon go after an obsessed museum cura­ tor who wants to use the state treasury to buy great works of art. 

1a(5)NIGHTFUGHT.77 

♦Starring YOU! 
1:ooam-6:ooam(Adv.) 

C h o o s e s s e lf 

Answer: Two no trump, a 

 f 

 ame invitation. South might id three clubs, but that 

 would im ply a bit more in distribution. 

W Ol-TV 

E l —NBC 
KENS-TV KLRM-TV 
1 
O - C B S 
O - iB 
KSAT-ÍV kwFYTv 

I B 
ABC 
C D - in d 

■■o:oo 1 

# 
IS , 

/ 
T s ¡ 

Fhi Woody 
Woodpecker Sliow the Pink Panther laugh & 

Sylvester S 
Tweety 
Clue dub 

Villa Alegre 

Mister Rogers' 
Neighborhood 

Tht Tom & Jerry/ 
Mumbiy Show 
Jobberjow 

 r m 

Q 
' 

3o 

 dour S ¥ i Show 
Bugs Bunny/ 
Roodrunner Hour 
Sesome Street 
Scooby Ooo/ 
Dynomutt Show 

45 
•• 
.. 

Capulina 

8 p.m.,Ch. 41 
9 1 

Speed Buggy 

Monster Squod 

Torzon, lord of the Jungle 
New Adventures of Batman 

Once Upon 
A Ciossic 
Zoom 
The Kroffts 
Supwshow 

1 o 1 

Space Chost/ 
Fronkenstein Jr. 
Big John, 
Little John 

Shonm/ 
Isis Hour 
Infinity Factory 

Rebop 
Super Friends 

1 1 1 

 land of the lost 
Ara Porseghion's 
%torts 

Fat Albert and the Cosby Kids 
Ark II 

Carroscolendos 

Crockett’s 
Victory Gordon 

ABC Short 
Story Special 
Americon 
Bandstand 

Coco Orilo 
Bertico Cornejo 

1 2 1 

TV-4 Jobs 

The Racers 

CBS Children’s 
Film Festivol 
Where $ 
Johnny?" 

Five String 
Breakdown 
Photogrophy 

Dick Clark is host 
Indy "SOO" 
Festival Porode 

" 

■H 
oo 

I 
3o 

1 
45 

Rawhide 
Clint Eastwood 
Eric Fleming 

Kidsworld 

Soturikiy Motinee 
“little Princess" 

Word on Words 

Guppies to 
Groupers 

 lo Voz del fvongelio 
El Show de Ccemito 

o 
- 
Musk Hall America 
Shirley Temple 
RichonI Green 
Lauro Weber 
Folk Guitar 
Pkjnoploy 
The FBI 
Efrem Zimbolist, Jr. 

Cormifo Jiménez 

Cine del Sobodo 

Embrujo 

Grondstond 
Major league 
Boseboil 11 
Cincinnati Reds 

That Good Ole 
Noshviile Music 
CBS Sports 
Spectoculor 

The Gorden Show 

Cinento 
Showcase 
ABC s Wide World of Sports 

 de Amor" 
Sandro 
Cormen Sevilio 

4 1 

 r». los Angeles 
Dodgers 
•• 
Novo 
“The Tongues of Men” 
(ftsrt One) 

.. 

Fonfonria 
Fakon 

 am 
oo 

1 ^ :1 5 
^3 o 
• # .4 5 

- 
Eyewitness News 
Syivon Rodriguez 
CBS Evening News 
Bob Sthieffer 

People ond 
Ideos 
School Talk 
ABC Evening News 
Ted Koppet 

Sol y 
Pimiento 
Oscar Zomoro is host 

 j r :oo 

6 i i ; 

TV-4 Big News 
Nancy Runnels 
Wild, Wild World of Antmois 

Hee How with hosts 
Buck Owens ond Rrry Ciork 

Firing line 
Wdiiom F. 
Buckley, Jr. 

The lowrence 
Weik Show lucha Ubre 
(Wrestiing) 

7 
. 1 Í m 
:45 

Emergency! 
Reuin Tighe 
Rondolph Montooth 

The Mory Tyler 
Moore Show 
The Bob Newhort 
Show 

Lowell Thomas 
Remembers 
Voyoge to the Ends of the Forth 

Wonder Woman lyndo Corter lyle Waggoner 

Aguí Esto 
Leopoldo Fernonde. 

 q :?; mi 

NBC Soturdoy Night at the Movies 
“leMons" 
Steve McQueen 

All In The Family 
Corroll O'Connor 
Alice linda lovin 

The People Versus 
Inez Gorcio 
Silvono Gallardo 
Robert l(^ ia 

Storsky & Hutch 
David Soul 
Paul Michael Glaser 

Premiere del 
Sobado 
"Po Que Me 
Skve lo Vida” 

oo 

9 " 
M 
45 

Swgfried Rauch 
Elgo Anderson 
The Carol Burnett 
Show 
PBS Movie Theatre 
Nosferotu" 

The Feother S 
Father Gong 
Stefanie Powers 
Harold Gouki 

Demetrio Gonzolez 
Irma Doronte 

 m 

TV-4 Big News 
Noncy Runnels 
NBC's Saturday 
NfghtUve 

Eyewitness News 
S,dvon Rochiguez 
Star Trek 
William Shotner 

'* 
NewsWotch 
Rene Gonzalez 
Superstor Cinemo 
“The Big Heot" 

Box de Mexko 

1 1 1 

1 (12:1o) late Show 

"Beau Geste" 
GuyStockwell 
Te% Sawlos 

(11:3o) Big Show 
“Afrkon 
Adventure" 
(l)Nightflvht 11 

Austin City limits 

(12) Monty 
Python's Circus 

Glenn Ford 
(12:3o) Late Show 
"Members of the Wedding” 
(12) SignOff 

 tht* young actor. “ This is 
Wait Disney’s endowed school. .And it is a very good breeding ground. 1 audilioiu'd to get into the school. I entered in 1H72 and stayed all four \ears. 
I was in the first gra­ duating cla.ss in June of 
197H,” 
Brophy said he had wanted to he an aetor sinee he was in Du* fifth grade of sefmol And hts dreams of ht*ing a load­ ing man are coming true faster than expected’ it 
.seems. 
The ro le 
.Asked about his role in 
“ Lnean." 
Brophy ex­ plained, “ It is a legend, stnetly fiction. I think it 
IS a marvelous story. 'I'he hoy is a regular kind of a kid. But he reverts to ins instinets a! tinu's. 1 do ha\t‘ orange eyes at tliest* limes." 
For thost* whti did noi the show last Sunday. 

 i m 

KEVIN BROPHY 
...new series star 

 tnre is being drafted, with actors \dting on at'luig awards, producers and exei'ulivi's for pro­ grams, einomatogra- phers for emetnalogra- lihers. art directors for art directors. 

On NBC’s “ Meet the 
Pre.ss.” at 11:3(1 a m. on 
Channel 4, Douglas A 
Fraser, new president of the Cnited .Auto Workers, is the gue.st. 

 see it all began when Ihe hoy was ten and deserted liy his parents. He lived in the forests of north(*rn 
Minnesota, and somehow managed to sur\i\e adapting to the environ- meiil. The hoy hunted, ate, slept, and howled like a wolf. 
During a hunter’s e\- pislition, he v\as fonnil and taken to a Ihiivi'r- sity Research Ci'nler in 
California. And the se- rii’s begins (fiere 
“ The show was filnn'd in Santa Ana,” said 
Brophy. “ My makeup was pretty basic 1 did u lot of my own stnntwork 
I’d say about Hi) pereeiil of it. 1 was trained so vsell as an aelor. it helpi'd a lot. 'I’he Ml (work was pleased with that. .So was 

"W i‘ ha\e put a groat deal of eifort into pre­ paring for this new strnetiire," Sti'wart said, 
“ and 1 am e<infidi'nt it will pro\ ide lor a highl> entertaining and profi's- sional contest and show ” 
E\'on a new award sla- tuetti* IS being dosigned by a group of industry artists and will he un­ veiled in eoniu'etion with 
I Ih‘ Si'pt. 11 aw a rds, 
Stewart sani. 

ù-à-à 

Brophy says lie is hop­ ing to h<‘ al)l<‘ to do a feature film of some kind during the summer be­ fore he starts work on his new series set for next 
.lanuary. 

 if if it 

Did you miss seeing the 
Emmy 
Awards program? 
B(‘eause of disput among members of tlu’ 
National Academy of 
Arts and Sciences, this year the show was canceled. 
Now the new Hollywood 
Academy of 'relevisiori 
Al ts and Seienees and the National Broadcast­ ing Company have signed a eonlraet for the broad­ cast of an all-new tel«*- vision awards program to be presented on NBC-TV 
Sunday, Sept. 11. 
Larry Stewart is the president of the new academy, and announee- ment was made of the program jointly with 
NBC-TV President Ro­ bert T. Howard. 
Stewart said a comple­ tely new awards strue- 

NBC has found its new co-star for Jack Albert­ son. 
Albertson stars in 
“ Cliieo and the Man” as the garagi' owner. I'he late Freddie Pritizi* was his partner 
When the new season begins in Sepfemlier, 
12-year-old Galinel .Mel- gar will make Ins octing ilehut in I ho role of 
Raoul, np to this point, the \oungosti*r has been perloniiing m musieal groups, a earei’i that lie- gan whon he was four yi'ars old. 
Currently a sixth grader, 
(iahru'i an- nounet'd he was inti'rest- od in an acting eari'i'r, 
“ only if It doesn't intor- fere with school work.” 
Now, that’s is a new one. 
“ Cliieo and the Man” will Ix’gin its fourth sea­ son ill the fall. 

.A group of 'I’rinity 
University broadcasting students are videotaping 
“ The Portrait” in and around the city. The pro jeet IS a part of a mini 
U'rm <-ou!s(* ill advaneeil 
P'h'V isioM produetioii. 
'rin* script was writ ton by filmmaki’r Frank 
Hi'idor and dopiets an omotional orisis m (ho lifo of a suirossful artist 
Pasoo dol Hio. tlio Eighth 
,A\Olino /\rt ,Stndios and campus locations aro among 
17 difforont shooting local ions for the film 

 i ti ti t 

 i ri fi t 

Sunday’s “ issues and 
Answers” guest will he 
His 
Royal 
Highness 
Prince Sand al-Eaisal. 
Foreign Minister of .Sau­ di Arabia The program will f»e seen on KSAT-'l'V at 12:3o p.m. 
I’ritiee Sand is in the 
United States for talks with President Jim m y 
Uarter He will he inter­ viewed for the program by ABC News “ Issues and 
Answers” 
Chief 
Correspondent Boh Clark and ABC News Washing­ ton Correspondent Mar­ garet Osmer. 

Tw(i programs pro­ duced by KLRN received special reeogmt i<»u re­ cently. 
A prestigious Ohm 
State Award was pre- sen|ed to “ Carrasoohm- dus.” the tederahy-tnnd- ed hilmgual series which ended product ion at 
KLRN III 197o 
The Ohio Slate Awards, the oldest program com lielition in tiroadeasting. annually reeogm/t*s out­ standing aehu’vement m eduealional. informa­ tional and pnhlie affairs broadeusling. It was es- tahlislied in 1937. 
Also, the Hogg Foun­ dation for Mental Health annnounced a grant to tram lea<‘hers in the use of “ (’ahoodle,” a new televKsion series pro­ duced by K IJiN ’s in­ structional programming department. 
Designed for use with eluldren in kindiTgarten and Mie first, second and third grades, “ Caboodle” is a serii’s whieh aims to mlrodiiee ehildn'ii to the worlds of art and nature i mmmmmmmmmmmm 
“ A ” I 
I AAUGER I 

Cleans clogged Sewers | 

 ond Drains Best... 
■ lOWIST PRICES IN TOWN I 
I FR£ £ eS TIMATBS ■ 

Squawk bo x 

Who is the man who 

 played the Indian on 
“ Broken Arrow” ? I know he Is married to Barbara 
Eden. —B.J. 

My sister keeps telling 

 me that Carol Wayne is 
John Wayne’s daughter. 
Please set me atraight. 
-Q.S. 

Michael Ansara is the man who played Cochise in that series. He and 
Barbara are now di­ vorced. 

Straight: Caro! is not related to Big Duke m any way. Actor Patrick 
Wayne is his son, how­ ever, and so is producer 
Michael Wayne. 
★ ★ ★ 

Why do we see shows like “ Hogan’s Heroes” run over and over? They are so old now. —W.(^ 

You’ll see shows rim and rerun and rererun and so on as long as they are popular and money can be made from them. 

My friend says Dustin 

Hoffman was in the film, 
“ The Heartbreak Rid.” 1 say it was someone else. 
But who? —S.J. 

 im aiuiiE: 
ORDER 
YOUR 

Approx. 3:3o (Ch. 5) - 
M G H TFLIG H T 
’77 

.MOVIE - “ Hotel Sahar- a.” Peter Ustinov and 
Yvonne de Carlo star. A hotel goes haywire dur­ ing World War 11, as the owner and his fiancee try to preserve their sanity while catering to four different invading armies. 

Charles Grodin was in that film. Grodin is not only an actor, but also a director w ho has directed some of Mario Thomas’ 
TV specials. 

Please tell 

Fawcett’s 
-Chris M. 

 me Farra h 

 address. 
★ ★ T*r 

AUSTIN 
(A P ) 
- 
Former city councilman 
Lowell Lebermann listed himself as his own cam­ paign manager Friday preparation to file for state tr4?asurer in the 
,1978 Democratic pri- 

W rile P'arrah Faw- cett-Majors (did you de­ liberately forget she is married“’) and Charlie’s other two ‘*angels,” Kate 
Jackson and 
Jaciyn 
Smith, at 
2oth 
Centiiry-Fox, 1o1oo Pico 
Blvd., Los .Angeles, Calif. 
912o2. That’s where their popular series is filmed. 

I ’m a fan of Robert 

Conrad. How old is he and what was bis first film ? 
What is his address? — Alice 

 i r i t i t 

 mary. 
The longtime incum­ bent, Jesse James, has said he will run again. 

There ha.s been a ru­ mor that Charlie Weaver, who was on “ Hollywood 
Squares” regularly, has died. 
Is this true? 

—Larry 

It’s more than a rumor. 
Charlie died in 1974. 

Conrad, who is 42 and was born in Chicago, was first under contract to 
Warner Brothers. He ap- 
{X'ared for them in shows like “ Maverick,” “ 77 
Sunset Strip, “ Lawman” and “ Coll ,45” before be- corning a regular in 
“ Hawaiian Eye.” He was also the star of “ The 
Wild, Wild West” and is presently in “ Baa Baa 
Black Sheep.” His first film was “ Palm Springs 
Weekend” in 196‘L Write him at Universal Studios. 
Univerai City, Calif. 
916o8. 

 awceft 
T-SHIRT 
From The Express-News! 

JUST9 5o 

 in c lu d in g TA 
Æ êkêêêkêêê h a n d lin g 
ALLOW 1o DAYS FOR DELIVERY 

TAX, 
HANDLING 
A POSTAGE 

M ail to: 

Farrati Fawcett T-Shirts fxpres»*News 
P.O. Bo x 3 17 1 
So n Anto nio , Texas 7 8 29 7 

Please send me 
I have enclosed 

.T-shirts at $2.5o each, 
| 
... Please indicate size: 
! 

SMALL □ 
MEDIUMÜ 
LARGE O 

NAME 
I ADDRESS 

CITY 
STATE 
ZIP 

 m m m m m 

^ 3 9 « 
8 *C 
Son Antonio E X P R E S S - N E W S — Saturday M a y 28 19 77 

 f s 
\ u a tl c 
I 

 il 

 i 
< 

 i 

Commercial banks boost prime lending rate 

NKW YOR K (A P ) — A number of major commercial banks across the country bm>sied their prime lendini; rate Friday from fiV-2 fi‘*4 P^'r cent, the second time this month the rate has jump<'d a quarter-point. 
The move, which had been expected, was irigR ered by Federal R eserve figures released Thursday showing the average rate on'commercial paper — 

 shori.*term loans betwt'cn corporations 
— was rising. 
Among banks increasing the lending rate In their most credit-worthy busi­ ness customers were Citibank, the na­ tion’s second largest com m ercial bank, Chase Manhattan Bank, ranked third, and Chicago’s Continental Illin­ ois National Bank & Trust Co., the seventh largest bank. 

But others, including firstranked 
Bank of America, did not join the trend. “ We’re studying the .situation,” a spiikesman said in a telephone inter­ view from the bank’s San Francisco headquarters. “ We are aware of the moves in the market place.” 

Citibank, which computes its prime rate by using a combination of factors 

Including the price of com m ercial paper, led the way Friday as it did on 
May 13 when it boosted the rate % point to 6>/ 2 per cent. 

Most banks gave the same reason for the increase. 

“ We are raising the prime because the cost of the funds we borrow is going 

 up, and we fee! it’s not going to hurt the demand for loans from our bank, relative to other banks,” said Dick 
Peterson, chief economist for i'hicago’s Continental Illinois, 

According to Citibank’s chief econ­ omist, Lief Olsen, the rate “ is not dir­ ectly linked to consumer loan rates. 
That’s like saying an increase in the 

 price of bananas would lead to an in- crea.se in ladit‘s’ dresses. 
“ The only thing the two have in common is that they are both prices and they may both rise,” he said. 
The prime rate also is influenced by demand for loans, which bankers say has been sluggish in New York, lag­ ging behind the increase now being seen in other parts of the country. 

1*151 \ Hit S W EEK l AST W KEh 
NET 
Biil 
\-k 
Kid 
\i*k Cliaiiut* 
OT< 
\m#*r 
Life.............. I' l 
.Î 
1'1 
.■> 
— 
B» \ar Co Bk ..........2(>’ 
— 
2b' 2 
— 
— 
Cafvtoria>. Inr.............. P i'_> 2o'/2 P i'i 2o'i dii ' i 
ForowtUii................ PI H 
2o'1 iH IH's ^Id I/b 
Frost Bank (iorji.......... 21 22'j 
2Ì 22'j 
— 
Cnir Enorg\ ..................12 
12C M 'j 12'i 
«in'/:; 
Merr of T\ ( .omni . .. bö i>b'„■ bb',^ up I 
Merc o fT x P fd ........... 2b'ß 2b‘8 2 <)’k 27' k u p 'j 
< >i\nipia Brow..........2o't 
2oC 
Pi pi'^ do P/i 
N BC of l'ox..................;iT 
3 7 mVj 
'^i^onor ( ,.n p ............ 12 k 1 :Pk 
12'k 12 k dii '// 
NN inn-...................... 2.P - 21'j 22'j 'IV 
.In 1 

'VIEX 
I’KEVIOIs EASr 
W I'.EK 
W t.Ek 
< 
< 7»nro\. Ino. . ............. 
1 
1 
Fox-Stanloy P h o to 
. 7* 
7' 
1 dn ' i 
Howoll ( orp . . . . . . . . . . 
I C 1 
I 1 ' k dll l.i^i Motor Inn - 
O' i 
O'h dn '/h 
NYSE 
< dinroh'- < diii k ............... 22's 
2 I ' i dn I' a 
|)atap.iiiit........................22' f 
2o K dn I % flarO* Hank- . . . . . . . . . . 28'8 
2(i' i 
<ln 1 /h 
To-oro Pot...................... l.i-K 
! i ' „ dll'- 
'II Tl \E El MIS 
1 SA V Cap Crowih .. . . 7.17 
7.27 dn .22 
I 'SAA Inooino. ..........11 ..7o ,Tth*V 
11.1o dii .o1 
Cniiod .Sorvioo . . . . . . . . M l 
M b up .o2 

Market losses bring 
Dow below 9oo 

 t X 3W 
J O N E S IN r > V S T R Ii l . l , J L V E H J IO B E ; N . ir . S E . IN E > «3C 

NKW Y U K K ( A P ) — 
The stock market com­ pleted a week of sharp losses Friday with a drop that carried the Dow 
Jones industrial average below 9oo for the first time in more than 16 months. 
The widely recognized average of 3o blue chips fell 9.24 to 898.83, its first close under 9oo since it stood at 898.69 on Jan. 7, 
1976. 
That stretched the 
Dow’s loss for the week to 31.63 points. 
Losers outpaced gainers by about a 7-4 margin on the New York 
Stock Exchange. 
Big 
Board volume slowed to 15.73 million shares from 18.62 million 
Thursday, with the mar­ ket doing little to keep investors from opting for an early start on the 
Index predicts economic gains will continue 

W A S H IN G T O N s t a r S t R V iC t 

WASHINGTON 
- 
Fcnnomir gams will con­ tinue for at least the next tow months, a goM'rn- nient index indicated 
Fridax 
The 
(dinmiTce 
D(‘- 
{»artment r('i>"i't<‘d a mod­ erate rise of 11.o |H'r ciml m its index of “ leading indicators,“ This index consists of statistics that usually rise and fall in ad\aiiee of broad move­ ments m the economy. 
' 
It is list'd as a fore­ casting tool, although it is not foolproof. The (l.o per cent rise m the imlex last month was the third 

111 a row. hut It was smaller than the iiu'rease of 1,9 per cent m March and 9 8 per cent m P'ch- ruary. 
'I'he index de­ clined 12 per cent in 

January, during the cold wave, but rebounded 
((uiekly. 

Components 

Four of the 
It) components of the index that were available for 
Friday’s preliminary re- jioiT registered gains, five moved adversely and one was unchanged from 
.March. .Although more components declined than imiiroved, the weighting formula pro­ duced an over-all gain. 
Tlu' biggest gain was a mixed blessing. .Sensitive lirices of crude materials rose faster in .April than in March. This was taken as a sign of rising de­ mand, but It also indi­ cated strong inflationary pressures. 
. Other contfMinents that 

 improved were vendor performance (slower de­ liveries indicated rising demand), contracts and orders for plants and etjuipmenl, and the mon­ ey supply in eonstanl dollars. 

Adverse 

The components mov­ ing adversely were the average work week, the change in total liquid as­ sets. stock prices, new orders for consumer pro­ ducts and materials, and building permits. The decline in building per­ mits was the bigge.st ne­ gative item ill the index. 
The job layoff rale was unchanged from March to April. 
The department also reported a rise of o.7 per cent in its index of 
“ coincident indicators.” 

25o o Broadw ay 1218 S. W . Military Drive 
»1. A M D 4o CHANNEL 
4o-CHANNEL 
DELUXE 
FEATURED 
FULL 
LEGAL 
POWEE CB MOBILE. Dual tonvenion receiver with delta fine tuning, switchable .'Nl, variable squelch, octive automatic goin control. Large, lighted 
% RFO meter and 4o thannel selector dial. PLl tuner, PA and externol cl swit ches, Omni Power operotion — 
9 9 * 

•WMk RwawM •* âa- 

Olkumim %nM. 

MIDLAND MODEL 7 7 -8S7 
N O CHARGE CARDS OR LA Y A W A Y S O N CB’S 
HARWOOD’S HAS THE LOWEST PRICES ON NAME BRAND CB’S 

CB TRUNK 
CB SLIDE M O U NT 
PA O R EXT 
ANTENNA 
PREVENTS THEFT 
SPEAKERS 

M 
2 
’ ’ 
$799 
$ g ” 

A 
A i d l a n d 
SINGLE SIDE BAND 

1 3 - 89 3 

6 9 Channels with all bands 
23-CHANNEL 
DELUXE 
P O W ER 
S S B / A M 
CB 
M O BILE. 
Fully compatible, operation on AM , all upper and lower sidebands. R ated for full legal power. Superheterodyne receiver has duol detectors, 
R F gain and mic. gotn controls, clorifier, squelch, switchoble noise blanker, hi/lo tone switch. Lighteci 
S, R FO meter channel selector. PA switch. 

Sugg. Retail 254.95 
*12 9»* 
OPEN MEMORIAL DAY 

 rUSMStt 
—r —- rr— 
< 

Memorial Day holiday 
^^eekend. 
The Dow’s drop below 
9oo drew some attention on Wall Street because it represented a round- number milepost for the average’s decline since the start of the year, when it stood at 1,oo4.65. 
But some technical an­ alysts argued that it didn’t necessarily repre­ sent the cracking of an important level of sup­ 

 port for the market. 
They noted that the average had moved with­ out resistance through 
9oo on its way up in the rally of early 1976. 
As expected, the mar­ ket was faced Frid ay morning with the news of a prime rate increase by 
New Y ork’s Citibank, from 61/i to 6% per cent. 
The increase, the second this month, spread fairly quickly 

 through the banking in­ dustry, although there were some holdouts such as California’s Bank of 
America. 

Investors had had con­ siderable advance notice that another boost was likely in the basic charge on blue-chip business loans. 

But it nevertheless seemed to set a gloomy mood for the market. 
Ag groups attack proposed hiring laws 

Migrant workers and 
South Texas growers and packers attacked pro­ posed federal changes in regulations on employ­ ment of foreign agricul­ tural workers Friday. 
The two grou{)s, how­ ever, challenged the pro­ posed changes from dif­ ferent points ot view 

 during hearings held by the U.S. Department of 
Labor at the San Antonio 
Convention Center. 
The hearings here are part of six being held in the U.S. to take testi­ mony from interested parties on revisions of federal law on employ­ ment of aliens for tern- 
Orange juice at new high 

Orange juice concen­ trate reached new histor­ ic high prices this week of over 88 cents per pound basis the nearby 
Ju ly delivery, as the market continued to be supported by healthy usage statistics and the poor yield of the late season of Valencia or­ anges. 
Prices at the retail le­ vel had yet to reflect the advance in futures but might do so soon should 
Florida processors raise their ‘card price’ to dis­ tributors. 

Trading in cocoa this week reflected a tight­ ness of physical supplies in London that is rooted in a delay of shipments from West African ori# gins. 
The July contract in 
New York recovered to a point Just shy of the previous contract highs in sympathy with the huge jump in prices on the London terminal. 
R elief should be com­ ing with the arrival of supplies in London and 

COMMOMTY 
RBFORT 
Furntshed by (^eratd S. 
Cobn, vice |»resid«fti, sales dhKutn. Sat» .\a- tttfiia 
Hache Hal- sev Stuart Inc. 

 the expiration of the May contract there. 
Grain crop prospects continued to be favorable and corn futures once again fell to new seasonal lows this week. 
Planting of the new crop has been running ahead of schedule and has now reached virtual completion. 
While additional rain­ fall would be most wel­ come, early stands are in generally strong condition. 
Krueger wants cover-up probe 

SPECIAL TO THE EXPRESS NEWS 
W ASHINGTON. D C. 
— U.S. R ep. Bob Krueger next week will explore ways to investigate alle­ gations the Carter ad­ m inistration has at­ tempted to suppress a study indicating the na­ tion’s natural gas supply is not as inadequate as previously portrayed. 
“ The public deserves the best information that 
ER DA (Energy R esearch and Development Ad­ ministration) can offer,” 
Krueger said. 
“ And we want to make certain that no one in the executive branch might in any way be attempting to limit the public’s right to know,” he said. 
Krueger’s concern stems from reports claiming the administra­ tion attempted to redir- 

 ect findings of a study group commissioned by 
ER DA to determine how much natural gas will be available, regardless of price. 
The group, the Market 
Oriented Program Plan­ ning Study, supposedly put together a report showing there would be no natural gas shortage if prices were not regulated by the government since regulations minimize profits that could be used to finance further ex­ ploration for gas. 

E d it o r d ie s 
POR T LAVACA (AP) 
— Bob Paul, associate editor of the Port LaVaca 
Wave, died unexpected I v 
Friday of an appar.enl heart attack at age 57. 

»^OASHWiO OISW.AY 
CLASSiElfO DISPLAY 

ALMAC ('«nst Co 

All Ty pes of Steel BIdgs. 

65 6-o8 8 ! 

NEWTON SIMMENTAL 

RANCH 

Sat., May 2 8 , 1 P.M. 

Joe Freeman Coliseum 
Selling 1oo Half Bloods 

5 o Bred to Reg. Brahman 
Bull. 5 o Bred to CEZON 

For Info. Contact; 

Bert Reyes, S12 -349-2 18 5 

ÜMC TRUC KS 

4 Wheel Drive, Short A 
Long Wheel B ase Van- duras & Suburbans. 

TINDALL k SON 

Pontiac, CiMC 

 porary farm work. 
Charles K. 
R ivera, executive vice president of the Texas Citrus and 
Vegetable Growers and 
Shippers Assn. in Har­ lingen. said the proposed changes would have a disastrous effect on the economy of South Texas. 
“ W'e can’t get enough domestic workers in the fields durin.g harvest,” 
R ivera said. “ We have to rely on workers from 
Mexico to get the crops in. 
“ These changes, which would cut down a growers ability to get alien workers when they’re needed, w ill drastically affect the job situation for both alien and domestic workers by jnitting a lot of growers and packers out of busi­ ness.” strict 
Jose Saldana of the 
United Farm Workers union in San Juan said the federal law should be made more strict and keep all alien workers out of South Texas fields. 

MONDAY —- The Dow Jones Indus­ trial Average dipped to a loss of 13.4o, biggest loss in over six months (since 
Nov. 5. 1976). Volume of trading was relatively light at 18.29 million shares, smallest in two weeks. This indicated lack of buying interest. News items lilted heavily to the bearish side. Not a single one of the 3o blue chips making up the Dow advanced. 

TUESDAY - The Dow Industrials penetrated below their 1977 April low point and closed at 912.4o for a loss of 
4.66. This was the fourth straight los­ ing sesaion, taking the average back to its level of Jan. 9. 1976. Chartists noted that the N Y SE index of all common stocks closed the session at 53.44, and was still holding above its April low’ of 
52.96. Gold shares which often counter the downtrend also lost ground. 

WEDNESDAY — Losses continued for five successive days. Selling vo­ lume increased with 74 per cent on the downside as the D JIA posted a loss of 
9.16. Only one of the 15 most active 
“ We hear the cry from 'stocks scored an advance. The N YSE the growers that they ittdex lost o.49, closing at 52.95 one can’t find domestic 
^ 
, 
THUR SDAY — The Dow Jones In­ dustrial Average held, temporarily at least, above the psychological 9oo line, and closed at 9o8.o7 for a gain of 4.83. 
The Dow lost 38.67 points in the past five sessions. In the whole market, declines exceed advances better than 7 
— 6, however the N YSE index, a mea­ sure of all common stocks, closed up 

 workers for their fields,” 
Saldana said. “ That is a lie. Unemployment is more than 1o per cent in our area. 
“ But the growers don’t want to pay a living wage to the workers. They can pay the alien worker less. 

o.1o at 53.o5. Volume was relatively light, but upside volume led downside better than 3 — 2. After the close the nation’s money supply was reported to have advanced $1.4 billion in the week ended May 11 over the previous week. 

FRIDAY — The Dow broke belnw the 9oo level, closing at 898.83, for a loss on the day of 9.24. The N YSE In­ dex closed at 52.68, losing o.37 and still holding above its June 7, 1976, low of 
52.52. The City Bank of New York City announced an increase in its prime lending rate to 6% per cent from 6 V2 per cent. This, along with the previous day’s notification of an increase in the nation’s money supply, cast a pall on the market. 

SUM M AR Y — The Dow Jones In­ dustrial Average landed at a new 
15-month low, going back to January' 7, 
1976. It suffered the second largest loss of the year, down 31,63 points. Volume of trading for the regular five-day wet'k was below par, indicating lack of both buying and selling interest. 
Prices just seemed to sink from their own weight. 

R ANGE — High was made on Mon­ day at 928.17. Low was made on Friday at 896.29. Close, Friday, 898.83. Loss on the week, 31.63. Volume, all shares traded on the N Y S E , 93.4o million shares. 

ANALYSIS BY CHARLES CARDEN 

Lone Star Livestock 

Coniiiiission Co, 

623-52o« 

OVER TH E 
COUNTER 

Quotations from the HASD are repre­ sentative inter dealer pices os ot approx­ im ately 3 p.m. Inter-dealer m ark ets chonge throughout the day. Prices do not include retail mark-up, mark-down or commission. 
May 27, 1#77 
Bid 
Asked 
Alomo Savings 
\7h2 
19 
Amer Fdrs. 
U 'J? 
17'/» 
Ammest 
4Vb 
45% 
Amer. Sec. Lit 
4Vj 
5 
Bexor Co. Bk 
26''z 
28'/» 
Cátetenos Inc. 
19*4 
2o'4 
Comm Prop 
S 'b 
5'/» 
Cullen 
IS'z 
16'/» 
Dorchester Gas 
9V* 
9-ÍÍ4 
El Poso Elec 
11^ 
12 
Forest Oil 
18 
18*8 
Frank 
23 
23-Vb 
Ft. Sam Bk Shares 
32 
34 
Frost Bk 
21 
22V» 
Gult Energy lU'z 
12'4 
Hondy Dan 
13Vz 
14'/» 
Henry S. Miller 
9 
1o 
Kelly Field Ntl 
2o 
21'/» 
Merc ot Tx Comm 
26H 
27'/a 
Merc ot TX Ptd 
66'/» 
67'/» 
Merchants 
18'/i 
19'/» 
NBC of Tex 
37 
38'» 
Olympia Brew 
19 
19'/» 
Peninsula 
11V» 
12'/4 
Plato 
6*4 
6V» 
Poao 
1344 
14 
Shop Comm 
2'-» 
3 
Shop Ptd 
9*4 
— 
Sigmor 
W u 
12'% 
Stwort & Stvnsun 
14'/8 
Texas Inti Air 
4 
4*e 
Tipperary 
17Vï 
18 
T ronsport Lit 
é'/î 
ó'/s 
Weothertord inti 
U'8 
11% 
Winns 
22V» 
23'/» 

Lewis Business 
Pac Nthwst Bell 
Pope & Talbot 
R owe Furniture 
Sim kins Ind 
Std CoosaThat 
Transcon Lines 
Trizec Corp 
US Trust NY 
Wash Homes 
Whitaker Cable 
Wilson Freight 

Q .o75 
o 33 
Q .2o 
Q .o2 
Q .2o 
Q .225 
Q .13 
S .25 
Q .45 
Q o25 
Q .1o 
Q .1o 

6-17 7 1 
6 1o 6 3o 
7 22 8 15 
6 24 7 15 
6 13 7 1 
6 1o 7 1 
6^1o 6 24 
7 29 8 8 
71 7 15 
6 1o 7 1 
6^15 6 3o 
6 17 7 7 

Dividends 

F R ID A Y D IV ID E N D S D E C L A R E D 
K 
. Pe- 
"...of pay- 
..rl d 
R a t e r e c o r d a b l e 
IR R E G U L A R 
Dunlop HoldADR x .155 6 3 6 14 
X net proceeds from sale of shrhlders subscription rights. 
Pine Street Fd 
445 5 26 6 23 
STOCK 
Sthestn PubSwc 
7.5pc 
6 6 7-1 
R E D U C E D 
Holly Sugar 
2o 
6-14 6 3o 
IN C R E A S E D 
Aetna Lite 
4o 
6-9 8 15 
Brown Forman 
17 
6 1o 7 1 
Comineo Ltd 
. 1 15 6 7 6 24 
Ex Cello 
15 
6 1o 7 1 
Gen Electric 
55 
6 8 7 25 
R iO Algom 
S 
54 6 1o 6 29 
Transway Inti 
4o 
6-6 6 21 
E X T R A 
Comm Psych 
2o 
9 1o1o 15 
Y E A R E N D 
Snelling «.Snell 
,o5 
6-17 8 3 
R E G U L A R 
Albertsons inc 
Am M aiie A8.B 
Cato Corp 
Conn Gen Ins 
Comm Psych 
Craddock Terry 
Cross Co 
Dexter Corp 
Dyle* Ltd A 
Fst Marine Bk 
Fst OklaBncp 
Fsf OklaBncp 
FsiNIl BncpDeft 
Fla ComBks 
Gen Shale Prds 
Henredon Furn 
Ideal Basic 
Jacobs FL 

8 5 
69 
9 1 
6 24 
o625 6 1o 6 24 
3o 
IS 
14 
2o 
.2o 
o5 
o5 
.o5 
o5 
425 
19 
.2o 
125 
.3o 
.o5 

6 17 7 11 
9 1o1o 15 
6 17 7 1 
6 3 6 IS 
6 15 7 11 
6 7 6 21 
7 4 
7 25 
6 15 7 1 
9 151o 3 
6 3 
6 2o 
6 15 6 29 
6 2o 7 5 
7 15 8 1 
6 1o 6 27 
6 8 6 17 

Foreign Exchange 

N EW YO R K (A P I—Foreign Exchange, 
New York prices 
.. Fgn.currency 
Dollar in 
..in dollars fgn. currency 
Fri. 
Tlw. 
Fri. 
Thu. 
.oo2717.oo2762 368.oo 362.oo 
1.1o5o 1.1o48 
9o49 
9o51 
.o596 .o596 
16.76 16.77 
.o277 
o278 
36.o3 36.o3 
.o732 .o732 
13 66 
13.66 
1.7174 1.7173 
.5822 
.5823 
1.7o99 1.71o2 
.5848 .5847 
1.7o44 1.7o58 
. 5867 
.5862 
1,6994 1.6995 
.5884 
5884 
9526 
.9554 1.o497 1.o488 
.o55o ,o55o 
18.18 
18 18 
o276 
o276 
36.23 36.23 
1662 .1666 6.o16$ 6.oooo 
1 6o 
1.6o 
625o 
.625o 
o365 
o365 
27.4o 27,4o 
2o2o 
.2o21 
4.9485 4.947o 
.o275 . o275 
36.36 36.36 
4o56 
.4o74 2.4651 2.4545 
2131 
217o 4,6925 4 6o82 
.o14oo .o14oo 
71 25 71.25 
1o41 
1o41 9 6o61 9.6o61 
oo1129 oo1129 885.75 885 81 
.oo36o8.oo361o 277,15 277 oo 
3.1ooo 3.1ooo 
3226 
. 3226 
3.4818 3.4818 
. 2872o .287» 
327o 
327o 3.o575 3.o575 
.o438 .o438 
22.8o 22.8o 
19o3 
19o3 5.253o 5.253o 
.o128 .o129 
77.82 77.56 
13S6 .1356 7.3746 7.3746 
.o258 . o259 
38.62 M 58 
2828 
2828 3.5347 3.5347 
1.1525 1.1525 
.8676 .8676 
o144 
o14S 
69.o5 69.o5 
2289 
. 2297 4.3672 4.353o 
3989 
.3995 2,5o65 2.5o3o 
3996 
4oo2 2.5o25 2.4987 
.4oo2 
4oo9 2.4987 2.4943 
4oo9 .4o15 2 4943 2.49o6 
.2222 
2222 4.5ooo 4.5ooo 
233o . 233o 4 292o 4.292o 
4246 
4248 2.355o 2.:»35 
.4253 .4255 2.3512 2.35o1 
426o 
4262 2.3474 2 3463 
.4269 .427o 2.3424 2.3419 

Argentina 
Australia 
Austria 
Belgium 
Brazil 
Britain 
3odayfut aOdaytut. 
9 odaytut 
Canada 
Chile 
Colombia 
Denmark 
F-gypt 
Ecuador 
France 
Greece 
Holland 
Hong Kong 
Iran 
Israel 
Italy 
Japan 
Jordan 
Kuwait 
Lebanon 
Mexico 
Norway 
Peru 
Philippines 
Portugal 
Saudi Arab. 
So Africa 
Spain 
Sweden 
Switzerland 
SOdayfut 
6odayfut. 
9 odayfut 
Uruguay 
Venezuela 
W Germany 
3odayfut. 
6odayfut 
9 odaytuf 
Source: Bank of America. New York. 

Weekly Group Averages 
NEW YORK (AP) - The following list gives the weekly average net change for the common stocks traded in each group: 
Aerospace,Aircraft ..................— s* 
Air Transport .........................— '/? 
Auto,Truck , . . ..................... — Ss 
Auto Parts & Accessories 
........ — 4» 
Banks, Savings «, Loan 
........ —3,, 
Beverage Soft Drinks...............— *'# 
Brewing, Distilling ............... ..— 
Building ............................. — % 
Chemicals 
......................—ixi. 
Communication 
....................— V* 
Conglomerates, Diversified 
... .—i-. 
Containers, Packaginr .............— I'« 
Drugs, Medical Supplies 
. .—I electronics, Electric Products . 
.. — V* 
Finance ............................. ~ 3,,. 
Foods. Commodities 
Food Markets 8. Vendors 
— >'4 
Gold, Silver 
.....— 'A 
Hotels, Motels, Tourism 
, . a-. 
House Furnishings 
......— sy 
Insurance 
, . 
... - ->^4 
Investment Companies 
., — 
V4 
Machine Tools & Accessories 
--- ' ? 
AAachinery 
,. !* .......... 
., — 1 
Metal Fabricating 
- - ^ 
Mining (non metallic)............... - -P/x 
Motor Transport & Leasing 
. 
'j 
Non ferrous Metals 
............... —I'.y 
OHice Equipmc*nt « Services 
' b 
Paper, Pulp 
...........— Tty 
Petroleum 
........................— IV4 

Photo Products 8, Services 
.............— iy 
Precision Instruments, Watches ... — 1 
Printing, Publishing 
.................. .— i/j 
R ailroads, R ail Equipm ent.............—-l 
R eal E s ta te.......................................— 
R ecreation, Leisure...........................— i 
R estaurants 
...................................unch 
R etail Trade 
.................................— 
R ubber,Tires............................. 
— v* 
Shipping, Shipbuilding 
.................. —1'-4 
Shoes, Leather Products v? 
Soaps, Cosmetics. Toiletries ........... -- ^b 
Steel, Iro n ................................... 
— ay 
Textiles, Apparel 
................ 
— 
Tobacco 
............................................~ xy. 
Utilities E le ctric ................................ — '-4 
Utilities G a s ....................................... — Sy 

Money Rates 

/ n e w Y O R K (A P ) — Money rates for 
Friday. 
Prime rate 6' i 6ay. 
Discount rate: 5ty. s 
Federal funds market rate: 
SS’B high, 5'/# low. S’ s close. 
• 
Dealer's commercial paper : 
3o 18o days 
Commercial paper by finance company 
• 3o 27o days 5% 5' 
Bankers acceptances dealer indicatimis: 
3o 59 days. 1.4o 5.35 
6o 89 days. 5.45 5.4o 
9o 119 days, 5.5o 5 45 
12o 179 days, 5.55 5.5o 
18o 27o days. 5.7o 5.65 
Certificates ot deposit: 
M 59 days, 5 's 5>y 
6o 89 days, 5V4 
9o 119 days, S^'a S':? 
12o 179 days, 5 % S' z 
18o 36o days, 
S*/a 
Telerate money market index 
5.33, off o.o1 from Thursday and up o o1 for the week 
Eurodollar rates; 
Overnight I'a 2 
1 month 5sy 511 16 
3 months 6 6 'a 
6 months « 16 6:Va 
1 year 611 16-64y 

Ft. Worth Livestock 

FO R T WOR TH, Tex. (A P ) — Compared with last week, slaughter cows steady to 
5o lower with decline on utility. Slaughter bulls steady to 1.oo Lower, full downturn on yield grade 1. Feeder steers steady to 
SO lower. Steer calves opened SO lower, late sales steady to firm. Feeder heifers and heifer calves stedy to 5o lower. Stock cows and pairs 1 oo 2.oo Lower, Demand moderate, trading fairly active. R un in eludes around 28 percent slaughter cows, 
5 percent slaughter calves and bulls. Bal ance mostly good and low choice feeders. with good supply of yearlings on offer. 
Slaugher cows l/tilify f3 few yield grade 4 23.oo 24.oo; cutter 22 oo 
3 24 oo 26 oo, 

26 oo. Canner 19.oo 22 6o. 
Slaughter bulls: Yield grade 1 9oo 14oo 
S'"»'"® * 12oo 16oo lbs 32 oo 36 oo. calves 
Choice 35o 55o tbs.^' 
33 oo 36 oo ; good 31 oo 34 oo 
Feeder steers: Choice 3oo 415 lbs 42 oo 
46.oo , 425 525 lbs. 37 5o 43 oo, mostly 38 oo 
39 oo. 525 6oo lbs. 36.oo 4o oo ; 6oo 8oo lbs 
35 oo 39 oo; good 3oo 5oo lbs. 36 oo 4o oo, fleshy 34.oo 36 oo; 5oo 6oo lbs. 34 oo 38 oo, 
6oo 8(]o lbs 
33 oo 36.(1o; standard 45o 65o l^^33 oo 36.oo; Holstein 45o 8oo lbs. 29,oo 

Feeder bulls: Choice 5oo 7oo lbs 32.5o 
35 oo 
Feeder heifers: 
Choice 3oo 6oo lbs 
31 oo 35 oo; good 
29 oo 33.5o; standard 
27 5o 3o.oo, 
Stock cows; Good and choice 23 oo 27 75 
Cow and calf pairs: choice $26o oo $285.oo, good $215 oo $265.oo; standard 
$18o.oo 
$22o oo. 
Hogs 
Estimated receipts 14oo this week compared with 162o last week and 
14oo same period a year ago. Compared with last week, barrows and gilts uneven, closmg stf.'adv US 1 2 2oo 2Xo lbs 41 oo 
4? oo, US 1 3 19o 25o lbs 4o 5o 41 5o, US 2 3 
7oo 275 lbs. 4o oo 41 oo Sows steady to 5o higher US 1 3 3oo 6oo lbs 32 5o 34.do 

% a n A n f e n i o B C P R B S - N E W S - > S o » t i r d o y M q y 2 8 1 9 7 7 

C o a ^ p l« t « B A t lo B w id e « • ■ ip M li« » jp r lf f « « 

N e w 
Y o r k s t o c k s 

E x e l n a l v « I n S a n A n t o n io 

A - B - C 
NCW V O R K (A D — T raoing tpr me w««k in vo#k 
Stock E«H «n o e issues 

15H son« 
23V» 
>o’ » 
« '* iVf* 

3’i 
13’'4 
5 

3S3'« 
51 
14'i 
2o 

35^'» 
15'> 
34'i 
19'# lé 's n é 'j 112 
IOS 
94>» 
94 
21’ j 
2o’ » 
8'» 
23’ 4 
29'} 
23J# 
23’ b 
8'» 
15''» 
25'-8 

9*33o 
9 &S9 
6 148 

Yearly 
High tow 

39H 
3 2 H A C F (n e l” 2 
23'/* liMi AM F 
1 24 

M^'n APL Cp 
1 
_ 
. 

36^k A R A S v l 321ox364 
17>'4 ASALtd m 
85o 
9Sn AT OInc 
- 
M»'« Abbtl.«b 
T 't Acm eCIv 
2V» AdmDg 
11»% A dm E* 1.15« 
S'-i AdmMil 
1oc 
7 
9»/» Addrssg lOe 18 
28’n AetnaLl 1.2o 
7 
44»*. Ai^natf pf 2 
1o’ 7 Agolrre 
15’H Ahmans 
5 
2="« Aileen 
58 
... 
23Vi Air Prod 2ob 1o 1827 
113.« AlrbnFrt 6o 1o 437 
28”4 Alrrx) 
1 15 
7 
388 
16 
Akron a 
1 2o 73 
1o3 

*«••» 
N«» 

(h d t } High lo w lo«> Chfl, 

8o 

722oo 
7351o 
7 
246 
6 
46 
36 18 
132 
8o 
8 
52 
8o 15 2o61 
96 
6x181 
32 12 
47o 
4op 
6oa 
56 
6 
131 
9 
95 
38 
8 332o 
6 
113 

346 
1111 
11 
46 

141* AlaGas 
1 
12 
AlaP pf 
11 
93 
A laP pf9 44 
89'j A laP pf 
8 16 
89' j A laP pt 
8 28 
15 
Alaskin 
66 
17<4 Aibanyin 
6 
AlbPrtoC 
19^* Albertsn 
23''8 Alcan At 
18’% AlcoStd 
W n Alcontb 
5^4 Alexdrs 
11’ b AllegCp 
21V4 A llglud 1.28 
*3''8 
39'a AMgLud pf 3 
22»« 
19'-iii AllgPw 
1 68 
14' ? 
1214 AllenGrp 7o 
22''? 
2OM1 Allergan 
4o 1o 
228 

 iS U 3814 AlldOi 
1 8o 
12 1421 
145-8 
12''4 A lld M n t 64 7 x71 
12’ ? 
1o 
AlldPrd 45e 21 
66 
22 
19M! AlldStr 
> 
6 524 
3’i 
2’ 4 AlldSup 
3314 
23’'! AlllsCM 1 1o 
9’ ? 
S '* AllrtAut 
6o 
1o 
14’ } AlphPrt 
72 
59'j 
5o '2 Alcoe 
1 8o 
11 2832 
36^4 
264« AmlSug 
2 7 
171 
5934 
44' , Ama* 
175 
59S4 
48’ 4 Arnax pf 
3 
29’ « 
211» AM BAC 
1 9 
13't lOH Amcord 
6o 
8 
2o''j 
17'j Amerce 1 2o 
6 
37’ ? 
33»4 Amrc pf2 6o 
36’ J 
29' 1 AHe«iS 
8ob 
7 
8o ’ '4 
66'? AHes pf 3 5o 
74 
18’ * A A irFlIt 
56 1o 
14ii 
1o 
Am Air 
5 
5 
2’ j Am Air wf 
22’i 
21 
Am AIr pf2.18 
15 
13’ « Am Baker 1 
5 
47’ s 
43 
ABm ds 2 97 1o 
26 
23'Í ABrnd pfl 7o 
46’i 
37 
ABdcst 
1 n ’-* 
W « A m B ld M 5o 
413* 
38’ ^ AmCan 
2 4o 
24 
22’ 4 ACan pf 1 75 
21'4 
2'-» ACentry 
19'? 
16 
Am Cred 1 16 
29 14 
25’ 8 ACyan 
1 .5o 
IS'-u 
8’'« Am OiStI 
27’,'s 
2314 AD IstT el 
84 
8 
6” « AO ualVt 
13S''4 ADuI pt 84a 
23'B A E lP w 2 o6 
36’ 4 Am Exp 1 2o 12 3567 
12M« A Fam liy 4o 
6 
382 
2’^ A m Fn S^ 
6 
33 
1o'-4 Am PlnSy p fl 5o 
23' ! A G IBd 1.96t> 
16’'8 AGenCv 1 32 
17’ 4 AGenlns 6 8 
6 
25’ b AGnIn p fl 8o 

38'’'J 
36 
36 
— 2'^i 
1|«k 
1*4*- in, 
13V4 l5'<» 
13'/4 
.. 
39 H 
38 
38 V 
4— 
Zi, 
19>-4 
18'4 
19'/4-». 
1o'4 
9^ 
9% — V* 
*1'* 38’-^ 
39 - J ’ , 
12V4 
12'% 
12ÍÍI+- 
2*4 
2% 
2^4 
12^ 
11^ 
113S4— 
»# 
4<H 
4 
4 ^ 
11’% 
11'/4 
1T >- 
341*1 32'-* 
3 3 '^ 3^ 
5o’/» 5o 
5o 
14'% 
13>4 
14 
I 8V4 
17 
17 
It*. 
3'/» 
2V, 
1/4 
24Mt 234* 
231»— 
12’<l 
IIV4 
12 
^ 1/4 
33Mi 32 
32' 8— 
17’/8 
I 6I 4 
16’%— V * 
3? 
151« 
14»-% 
151/4 
1117o 116 
115’'4 
IIS'-!! 
718o 1o4' j IO 41/J 
1 o 4 ' 1 

4o 
6 248 
1 
12 176« 
SO 17 
191 
o4 
5 
95 

759 
4229 
7 
281 
329 
277 

11 18o9 
132 
9 
267 
8 
276 
6 
129 
7 
7 1712 
212 
26o 
2263 
741 
588 
48 
482 
5 
9 2556 

93 
94 
18'4 
181Ù 
71-4 
2IM1 
281s. 
22»% 
1714 
6 
14''? 
2214 
4V% 
7T M 
13'? 
221% 
47’''* 
13Mi 
I T /4 
21 
3ii< 
32** 
8’/» 
151/4 
SS’-'s 
29'j 
461* 
So’'7 
29’'J 
12 V, 
191 » 
35'i 
35 
76^4 
27'J 
1114 
4V4 
211/4 
133/4 
47''* 
251% 
451* 
1o’/8 
4o*% 
231% 
21% 
18 

1 4 'J 
2514 
381* 
15*4 
3^4 
12*/4 
25 
19 
2 I l i 
3o 
► Z2'4 
9I4 
26'* 
' .32'* 
■IJO 
' 31 
J 
5’/* 
1414 
1o’* 

 i'it 
46 
14’ ’* 
1fr‘a 
36 
96''? 
1o''4 
3414 
651* 
68>* 
5o’4 
51’% 
13’} 
19 1-4 
14’ * 
17’ } 
19 '* 
121* 
34>8 
171-4 
18’* 
28’ * 
13’ ? 
9 H 
2^8 
26’4 
8^ 
56’ } 
8 i» 
321* 
26'J 
7 '} 

15 
8 
428 
37 
29 
5 
182 
1ox1435 27'4 
35 
9'/* 
1ox176 
5o 
29 
9 2o79 

25 
73/4 
14'% 
241/4 
38'4 
13'-% 
3'/4 

92 
91 
16’% 
18'} 
63-4 
21'-% 
27'} 
2 11% 
16'* 
5’-% 
14 
2114 
4o V4 
21'/J 
1214 
2o1% 
44’/* 
13 
1o1* 
2o'% 
3’% 
311* 
814 
1414 
55’-% 
261% 
44'/} 
49'/» 
28 
11'/} 
19 
35 
331% 
T 4'% 
21’ } 
11'/4 
4’/4 
211% 
13’'j 
46 
24'/} 
411/4 
1o3/4 
4o 
22’% 
2’/4 
17'% 
25'% 
8’/* 
241% 
71% 
14 
231% 
3«'/4 
13'% 
3 

T 'a 
1 

 iy pfl 5o z129o11'}1o’/4 
1.96t- 
153 
25 
241* 

17’-* AGnln ist 9o 
I t l f 
9i* A H e rll 
17 
Am Holst 

 x55 
665 
175 
51 
24 
11o2 
25'-4 AmHom 1 1o 14 8313 
1121/4 A Homepf 2 

171% 17 
19'} 19 
281* 27 
191/4 183/4 
91/4 
91 * 
231/4 2114 
27'/4 25'/4 

92 
1 
»4 
4. 3 
17 
— 1’ 4 
1o',>_ 
6 3/4— 1% 
2V-*— 
'/} 
273 /4 ~ V-4 
22 
+ 
K» 
1 6 1 » - T * i ’-%~ 
'/» 
14’-%— -V 
2 2 - 1 * 
41 
21^4— 
3 ^ 
13'i— 
It 
2o’^ 
11^1 
V-j 
13 
— y* 
1o1*— 
2o’% + 
It ’ 
3 '/4 — It' 
311%~ 1'%' 
8’%— '■* 
14’/#— ’/»• 
56 - 2 H 
28'/»- 
45 
- 
49’/»— 
28 
- 1’ '3 
12 
- 
''}- 
19'/4+ 
'% 
3S’/4-. 
34 — 11Í 
751*— 1’/»' 
2 
1 
T V 

111%— V,. 
4 1 -tf- 1/4 
211/4+ 
'%• 
13'} 
. 
46 - m i 
24'}— 
14> 
41’/»- 3''i 
1o3-i— 
V, 
4o 
— 
1/4* 
231* + 
21/4- 
17’% . 
25'-}— 
8’/*— 
24V4 + 
71%— 
14'%— 
2 3 V - 
36'/4— 2 
131%— ’ } 
3'/4......... 
1 o i,i— iVj. 
25 
+ 
' } 
17 — 1* 
19 — 
27 
-11% 
1 83 4 - 
’/8 
91 * 
22 
- 114 
2 5 1 » - i» /g 

 li' 
»% 

 ilti 

’% 
'* 
'% 
I f 

56 13x1221 231% 
62 
36o 
615 
872 
373 
64 
165 
8 11oo x818 
15x1o47 
6 
176 
4 2o 1ox6oo9 64’% 

22 
AmHosp 
4'% Amlnvst 
2o 
1o’ b A Medici 
24 
8 
AMedcp 
1o 
4 
Am Motrs 
4o 
ANatR 2 8o 
9’ b Am Seat ,4o 
1o1/4 AShlp aOe 
25I 4 AmStnd 1 7o 
73I 4 AStd pf 4 75 
6I 4 Am Stern 
3o 
2914 AmStrs 1 9o 
61’ * AT T tó'% AT T pf 
4 
48'k AT T pf 
3 64 
49'-4 AT T pf 
3 74 
11s* AWatWk 
76 
17'} AWat pfl 43 
131* AWat pfl 25 
14''4 AWtr i i t l 25 
15 
Ameron 
1 
9ig AmesD 2 67 
27 
Ametek 1 4o 11 
273 
141% Am fac 
111x168 
11% AM IC 
24’ -4 AM Ptnc 
1o’ * Am pen 
71* Ampex 
1’ } AmrepCo 

11 12o1/4 1173/4 11214—1o'/^ 

5 
121% 
9H, 
41% 
441/4 
143/4 
15 
35’/4 
94 
914 
32 

192 
239 
148 
5 
49 
1155o r52o 
Z21o 
7 
1o5 
119 

8 4o2 
8 312 
8x178 
1oo 
7o 1o 686 
9 1323 

24 
24 
53t 

.o6 
5 
15o 
48 16 2985 
6o 
9 
82 
11 
556 
5o 
2o’ } Amstar 1 35 
5 
411 
8 
Amst pt 
68 
17 
44 
Amsted 2 2o 1o 
425 
51» Am tel 
.36 12x136 
26' } AnchrH 1 .5o 
8x455 
2714 AndClay 
1 
6 
Angélica 
8’ } 
6' } Anixter 
9*'4 
7'* AnsulCo 
26’ s 
16'4 Apache 
47 
3734 ApcoOH 
2'* 
11* ApecoCp 
83'j 
8o 
A p P w p f7 4o 
14'4 
1o'8 ApidDIg 
1o 
32 
231* ApIdDtg pfl 
4'a 
21* AppIM g 
6o 
17’ 4 
14 
ArCdtaN 
68 
7 
31 
28'} ArcatN pf 2 
211* 
16», ArchDan 2o 
8 
51* 
3 '} A rc tlc E n t 
6 
3' 2 
21% Aristar 
2o 
18'a A riiPSw 1 48 
118 
114 
AriPpf 1o 7o 
12 
9 I 4 ArkBest 52b ^ 
34' } 
28’% ArkLGs 1 8o ' 
3 '} 
2' } ArlenR ty 
8 
4I 4 Armada 
1 
32's* 
26' 3 Armco 
1 8o 
' 
3o1-4 
27'* Arm pf 
2 1o 
56'4 
51'} Armr pf4.75 
2714 
221% ArmstCk 
1 1 
J4 
4914 Arm e pf3 75 
29'« 
21 
A rm Pu 
1 
7P’ * 
17'4 AnoCorp Ib 
19'4 
145* Arvin 
64 
, 
SI’ *- 26'4 Arvinln pf2 
23^-* 
16'4 Asarco 
BO II 
371* 
32 
AsblOM 
1 9o 
33'« 
24 
AsdDrG 1 5o I 
16'* 
13 
Athlone 
» 
. 
3'* 
1’'8 AtIcoMtg 
245« 2 iJ„ AtlCvEt 1 62 
' 
82 
76'í A tice pfS87 
59>4 
5o 
AtlRIch 1 6o 1 
2o2 
171'} AtIR c pf 
3 
52'} 
49 
AtIR c pf3 75 
73 
-.63'4 AtIR c pf2 8o 
29', 
19'g AtlasCp 
11 
395 
21' } AutoDfa 
4o 17 9o9 
71a Autmind 4o 
8 
119 
13 
AvcoCp 
3 1o48 
' } AvqdCp wt 
327 
41' 8 AvcoCp pf 
191* Averyint 
36 
U I 4 Avis Inc 4o 
16 
Avnetinc 
7o 

67’% 
4o’/g 
51 
13's 
18'-* 
14>-8 
16'/4 
161« 
IOV4 
33’/* 
17’* 
17'/4 
27'% 
11'4 
8 M1 
1’/* 
22 
8'-* 
543/4 
7'-4 
32 
26 
61% 
8 
9'% 
26’/« 
45 

22'% 

*y> 

11V4 
9’% 
4'* 
431% 
13’% 
13’% 
33'} 
8914 
9 
3o'} 
6214 
67 
491 % 
5o1/4 
12'4 
1714 
131/4 
15''} 
15''4 
1o'% 
31'-} 
161* llU i 
25’/% 
1o’% 
8 
114 
2o’% 
8 
541/4 
6’% 
3o 
241/4 
6'/4 
7 
8'} 
231% 
44'% 

22’ 4— 1 
4 I 4— 
V4 
111/4— 
’ * 
9'á— 
4'/*— 
43' 
13’- 
14’-4 — 
341%+ 
1 * 
92'}-». 
11/4 
9 
— 
1* 
31'}+ 
1» 
63 
— lí» 
67'%— 
3/# 
49’%+ 
1/4 
51 
+ 
'/* 
12'4— 
3/4- 
17’/» ~ 
’/,( 
14'8+ 
' -e- 
16 
16 
+ 
'-i 
IOI4 + 
3 2 - 2 
16’ *— 
'e l l ’/8— 
'4 
26' *— 
1 
11 
— 
1^ 
8’%— i f 
13 /<_ 
1,p 
21 
— 
'# 
8 
- 
54'-'} 
6’/*— 
'-4 
3o - l l f 
243/4— 1 
61%....... 
7'%— 
3//* 
81%— 
23' 3— 3i.< 
441* 

1/4 
' B 

 v/í 

’/» 
It' 

1/» 

3o6 
7 
134 
7 
+ 
''f 
Zl2o 
82 
82 
82 
4 
7 

 a 954 
12V 
1o’/» 
12'4 + 1'4 
259 
27’% 
24’/% 
27'} + 2'/.i 
147 
3 
7V 
3 
+ 
'•r- 

 f 
161 
16'% 
15'4 
15'3— 
V 
1 
29’% 
29’% 
79’% + 
I*« 
í 791 
1834 
17'% 
17’/»— i» 

67 
3 V 
3'» 
3'/}— 
12o 
2’% 
234 
7V 
7 
776 
19’% 
18V 
18V— i ' 
' 
776o 116 
114'» 114'»— 
'/ü 
5 
6o 
1oV 
1o'% 
1o'»— 
' i 
> 
396 
33’% 
32'% 
32'4- I V 
562 
3 '} 
3'4 
3V+ i 
49 
7 
6V 
7 
4 

 i 1o6o 
28'% 
26'-} 
77'%— 
V ( . 
*4o 
39'-4 
28'% 
78'%- 
'4 
Zl3o 
55''} 
55''} 
55'}— 
1 .< 
J 677 
741» 
72V 
7 7 V - I V 
13oo 
49V 
4914 
4934 — 
3 4 
4*148 
28V 
27V 
27’/»— 
V 
3 
48 7o'} 
19V 
19’/»— 
’/* i 
388 
17"} 
16'% 
143-4 + 
66 
29' -4 
28 
283/4 + 
'f 
) 2659 
71 
17’% 
18'-»— 2’/* 
7 76o 
36'% 
35V 
35'}— 
1 .- 
} 
336 
75 
24 
74V— 
V 
5 
147 
15V 
14V 
14’/«— 
3/4 
45 
2 
1’/» 
1'/»- 
'./# 
» 244 
22'} 
2T » 
22'-4 4 
1 
76', 
74'» 
76' }— 3 
1 7777 
58V 
SSV 
5634— 1’/* 
6 198 
191'% 192 — 
7'/; z38o 
51'-} 
5o 
51'-} + 
V 
343 
713/4 
69 
69',— 
7'1 

3o 
1o 
16’» 
1'4 
49’ s 
23'} 
I 5I 4 
19'b 
49'} 
2I 4 
4SI» 
9*8 
13'} 
49.’*_ 
16 
21’ s 
29's 
28’8 
61 
26 
18’ 4 
181* 
22'} 
3o'4 
38 
15' } 
3o’* 
42 
29’-* 
38’ 4 
14’* 
19’ * 
191, 
43I 4 
34'} 
39' 1 
4o’ * 
■” 
4 
23'4 

32 * 
281. 
27’* 
34’ « 
24’ 8 
95* 
2914 
26'4 
8'} 
22'} 
6’4 
48>4 
22’» 
47 
95 
27 
6o1* 
54 
117 
3o 
2'4 
35% 
6'/4 
24 
4o^* 
341* 
2o1% 
17<*% 
21'^* ' 
231# 
311* 
6’%. 
3% 

 i3H 
3311 
27»^ 
35'} 
33’ *^ 
5 
27'<» 
98’, 

16 n '% 
4114 
33'-4 
68’/8 
3214 
44 
161-4 
35’% 
22'» 
27'í 
9’% ifti - 
23'} 
11 
171» 
27’ 4 
271* 
22'» 
62 
6’% 
1o’ « 
36'/» 
| i» 
13 

273/4 
27 
1o 
16 

251% 
25 
9’% 
14’/* 

25’%— I I 4 
251% - 3/4 
9’/*- '* 
15'/*— ’% j— 1 l í 

1’* BT M tg 
28'4 BabckW 1 5o 
6 '} Bache 
7o 
1o'} Baker In 
36 
.42'; Bakrinti 
64 
13 
BaId D H 8o 
16'} BalICp 
8o 
17i* B a lly M f lí 
24I 4 B altG E 2 16 
S3’/* Bait pfB4 5o 
15'B BanCa 
6o 
121* Bandag 
.3o 
11'8 BangPnt 
15 
BanP pfl » 
21'} BanP pf 
2 
34 
BkoffgV 2 32 
I 314 BkofVa 
88 
22'* BankAm 8o 
3 1 4 BankT r 
3 
27’-8 BnkT pf 2 5o 
311* BarbOII 1 6o 
1o'í BardCR 
24 
16'4 BarnsGp 
8o 
141% Basic Inc 
1 
34’ * Basic pf2 5o 
2634 BatesMf 
8o 
28'4 BauschU 
1 
28*4 BaxtT rw 
3o 
2 
Bay Col P 
21 
BayStG 196 
434 BaykCig 
24 
2514 Bearing 
5o 
23'» BeatFtfs 
96 
22'-4 Beckmn 
32 
25'} BectDick 6o 
2o 
BeechA 
1 
6’* Beker 
2314 BelcoP 
1 
21'8 Beiden 
1 32 
7 
BeIdnH 
36b 
I 7I 4 BellHow 
84 
4 '} Bellind 
o6a 
45'4 BeilCda 4 o8 
19'4 Bernis 
1 2o 
38’b Bendix 
2 
8o' } Bendi* pf 
3 
71'« BenfICp 1 6o 
47'} Benef pf4 3o 
51 
Benef pf4 SO 
1o3 
Benef pf5 5o 
28'4 Benet pf2 SO 
11* BnfStM 
1'} BengfB o7e 
4>4 BerkeyP 
17H BestPd 
31 
BethStI 
2 a>* BigT hre 4ob 
151* BlackDr 
48 
11'* Bla írjn 
1 
' 17 
BlissLa l.C8ta 
18 
BIOCkHR 
1 
25'> BlueBell 1 2o 
S'4 Bluebrd 
J» 
3 
Bobbie Br 
37' } Boeing 1 4o 
28'1 Bolsees 1 1o 
19' } BkMnth 1 2o 
31 '4 Borden 
1 56 
29'-4 BorW ar 1 6o 
31/4 Bornnans 
251» BosEd 
2 44 
92 
BosE pf 8 88 
12 
BosE p ri 17 
14’% BosE p rl 46 
8’» B ra n iff 
3o 
31*'í BraunCP 6o 
2S'% Brig Str 92a 
S7' } BrlstM y 2 » 
» 1-4 BrIstM y wi 
3734 BrIstM pf 
2 
131* B rltP tt 
33e 
29 
BrkwGI 14o 
19' » BkIyU G 1 »o 
26 
BkU G pf2 47 
81« BwnSbrp 
3o 
5’ / BrownC 
JO 
19'.'4 BwnGp 
1 4o 
7' } Bf'wnPer 4o 
12I 4 Brunswk 6o 
22 
BrushW 
1 
211« B u cyEr 
64 
18'í BuddCo 1 » 
S5’% BuddCo ptS 
S’% BudCa p f 6o 
• '» Budaind 
24< 
2S'% BuffVo 1.4o« 
41» Bu iova 
IH it RundvCo 

16 2598 
47'% 
45’/» 
44'4— 1 
4o 
2'* 
2 
2 
1o 
891 
44'} 
43'% 
44',+ 
V 
9 
374 
6’% 
6' } 
4 V — ip 
8 
433 n ’% 
1oV 
11 
— 
’/* 
13 
92o 
49'4 
4714 
48'4- 
1'* 
6 *55 
15’% 
14'} 
14’%— 
V 
6 *57 
18'% 
17 
17'»- 
I ; 
9 315o 
:31’% 
2o'} 
21 
- 
V 
1o 
7o1 
28'% 
27'} 
78 
- 
’ * 
713o 
55'} 
55'/} 
55' } . 
7o 
253 
21’% 
7o'» 
71 
— ' V 
9 
648 
13'/} 
12V 
171-4— 1 
4 
7o4 
17V 
16'} 
16’-»- 
V , 
6 
213/4 
21V 
71V — 
'% 
14 
29'} 
28 
79 — 1 
6 
14o 
36V 
3SV 
35V— 
' í 

14 
172 
14’% 
14V 
14V— 
'* 
9 6853 
73'} 
27'% 
77’/»— 
V 
8 
396 
38'a 
37V 
37»%- 
3.4 
1o7 
79 
28'} 
78'}— 
V 
13 
159 
33V 
31V 
373/4— 
9 
797 
11V lOV lO V— 
V 

7 x56 
18V 
17'» 
173/4— 
»/* 
5 
149 
18V 
18'-» 
18'%— 
V 
Z38o 
41'} 
4o 
4o' }— 1'4 
82 
91 
32V 
3oV 
3 o V - 7V 
9 
518 37'} 
3o'% 
3 o V - 2 
16 2441 
37'4 
29'4 
29’/«— 
I V 
74 
2'4 
2 
2'»— 
'* 
6 
37 
7234 
22V 
22'->- 
'4 
17 
14 
4V 
4V 
4V 
1o 
51 
28’/» 
28'» 
28’% + 
'4 
11 4788 
74'-, 
73'» 
23'%- 1'4 
14 
298 
26'» 
241-4 
25 - 
T-'s 
11 
933 
77'4 
25V 
24'/»— 
’* 
7 
162 
3o’% 
2o'% 
2o''4- 
’/} 
145 
7V 
7'% 
7 V — 
1,'. 
6 
271 
78 V 
77 
27'%— I V 
7 
51 
23'4 
73 
23 - 
'■i 

8 *34 
7'% 
7 
7 

25 
384 
2o'% 
19V 
2o 
5 
285 
S'4 
4' } 
*'-f~ 
V 
8 
915 
48'} 
48'% 
48'-,+ 
'11 
7 
84 
19’/% 
19 1/4 
1 9 1 4— 
1-4 
8 1471 
41 
38V 
38ir- 
1’/* 
2 
8o'^ 
8o'/» 
8o '}~ 
3'/.j 
6*763 
23V 
71V 
21V— 1 
141 
5oV 
47'/» 
48 — 
I V 
716o 
54 
S3 
54 
Z49o 1o4 
1o3 
1o3 - 
I V 
149o 
29'4 
29 
29 
34 
2 
1’/» 
2 
+ 
'• 
14 
64o 
2V 
2V 
2V 
14 
224 
4V 
4'4 
4'-«— 
'/4 
7 
934 
2o 
18'/» 
18'»— 
1 'V 
13 2249 33'/4 
32'/} 
37’-%- 
% 
1 14*119ot 29V 
28V 
2 8V - 
V 
14 1454 
14V 
1SV 
15’/»— 
V 
5 
169 
171/4 
1SV 
IS ’% - 
I V 
) 9 
56 
2oV 
2o 
2o - 
V 
12 
915 
19’/% 
19'/> 
19 V + 
) 5 1S48 
28’% 
25'-% 
2 4 V - 2’/% 
6 
113 
51% 
S'4 
5 V - 
'/* 
134 
3V 
3'/4 
3 V - 
Va 
9 43o6 
52V 
5o1% 
So'.'»~* 1’/» 
8 1952 
32V 
29V 
29V— 3'4i 
1o 
17 
27V 
71V 
21V— 
'% 
9 
545 
3S'/» 
34 
34V— 
’4i 
7 
389 31'/» 
29'4 
2 9V - l'V 
5 
75 
4 »4 
4 
4 
— 
1/4 
1o 
277 
24V 
24 
24 — 
''4 
íS3o 
9S'% 
93 
93 
^ 
I V 
115 
12'/} 
17 
12V+ 
'/H 
139 
1SV 
1S'/% 
IS*'»— 
'/4 
6*11o8 1oV 
9V 
9V — 
V 
7 
3o2 
37 
34V 
34V— 2 
12*6o2 
24’/% 
25V 
24'/»— 
’/H 
12 17o1 
61'/» 
57'» 
58'4— 
3 V 
43 
31 
28V 
79 
— 2'-% 
142 
39V 
37 V4 
3714— I V 
2o 3832 
16'/4 
15’% 
IS’tr- 
V 
7 
7 
111 
128 
34’/» 
21 
37'% 
2o'4 
32'-'»- 2 
2oV— 
45 
27«4 
24’/% 
24’%— 
1 1S *25 
9V 
9'-'» 
9V + 
'/H 
1o 
8 
9'% 
8’% 
'/4 
7 
134 
21 
2o'4 
2o V + 
'.t. 
11 1414 
1oV 
9 '/ » 
1o — l/¡¡ 
6 3214 
1S'% 
14'% 
141*- 
'/» 
7 
221 
25V 
27'/» 
22'/»— 3'-* 
1o 1731 
24*% 
211% 
21'-V- 2 
4 
997 

T 

19V 
2o'/4- 
1^ t1«o 
S7V 
57 V + 
V 
11 
4'.'» 
4'/4 
4'/» + t/4 b 4*189 lOV 
1 o '% 
1o'%— 
V 
7 l i a 
3SV 
33'a 
33'/»— 7H 

44 
7 
4’% 
7 
+ 
4 
44 
1 2 V 
12'/4 
1 7 V - 
*/fc 

*S 16 9 16 C LA sst 

YM irly 
High |«w 
Sal«* 
Net 
(h^j*.) High low lo»t Chg 

221* 
2o’ } BunkHII 1*6 x97 21'/> 
2o'^ 2o»%- 
**. 
’J ’ * 
,* 
♦ 
91%+ 
% 
»3-8 
1514 BnkR pfl 5o 
1o 19’/} 
1|i% 181%— l'n 
3o 
2214 -Burl tnij 1 4o 
6 691 231% 
2 3 3^ 22’!%— 
1/4 
S3 
411-4 Bt»rlNo 
1 éO 7 91o .«»% 
48'^ 48'/f- li*» 
8 
71* Burl No pf 55 
96 • 
714 
7’/%+ 
'/% 
2o’ } 
16’% Burndy 
66 11 3o5 19i% 
18H 19 — i>< 
^ 1 4 
54’ } Burrghs 
8o 12 1963 S9i% 
S5'<^ 56'/4— 
3'*j 

23' } 
1714 ButtesG o8e 
5 338 181% 
1714 17’-1*- 1 
61'4 C BS 
2 
9x1158 
58'% 
55Ki 56i%- 2 
5^4 
3’% CCI Coro 
13 2o1 5'% 
4’% 
5 
-1'‘4 
'» CtM tq Gp 1281116 
’'} 
1% 
7'4 
4 '}C IR It Inv 
37 1o9 7 
6'/4 
6’/4- 
'■? 
4o'4 
34'} C IT Pin 
2 4o 9 591 3514 
35 
3.5'/«— 1^ 

71/4 
5 '} 
12'} 
9’ 4 
16 
13''4 
5o'} 
21'} 
491 * 
5' 7 
71* 
9 
2o-4 
18 
2 
3o1% 
39'% 
24'4 
17'} 
91 » 
57 
23 
1 '} 
4oH 
3'4 
2o'} 
7o'} 
61* 
24'4 
3o’* 
41'} 
2o'4 
15 
22 
38 
8 
1o’ 4 
16'} 
59'} 
1718 
53 
5314 
13'* 
171* 
21 
191* 
3714 
3o 
16'* 
29'* 
161-» 
15'* 
26'-4 
27’* 
28'4 
3o'* 
271* 
27'} 
141% 
5 
3o’ * 
9'* 
331% 
3’ 4 
7'4 
34 
45’% 
331* 
26’% 
43'% 
1o5% 
16'} 
3o1* 

61* C tA s pf 12k 
45% CLCAm 
24 7 
1o 
C M IIn v 
5 
65k CNA Finí 
8 
13'4 CNA pfAl 1o 
12 
CNAI 
1o8a 
44’ }C P C In t 2 5o 9 
18'4 CT SCp 
7o 8 
4o'* C abotC I 6o 6x 261 
3’* Cadenee 
S 
13o 
4 
C aesars 
»284 
8 
CalPini 
6 
288 
18'% C alPU t 
1 64 8 
35 
1234 Callahn 35b 17 
241 
1' } Cam ernBr 
3 
23 
Cm pR L 6oa 25 
361% CamSp 1 48 12 
21*4 CampT 
88 
7 
153-4 CdrlfSac 
86e 
6 
8 
CanaIR 
64 11 
44’ 4 CapCitis 
2o 1o 
19'} CapHold 
« 1o 
’-* CapitM to 
32 
Carhior V12 
9 
71» CarlingO 
23 
15'* Carlisle 
88 
7 
65 
CaroCO 
• 5 

249 
1o4 
213 
723 
9o x67 
514 
2oo 

138 
34o 
433 
259 
4o3 
127 
415 
949 

3611 16 9 16 9 16 
7 
5 
11'4 
7 
1314 
12'} 
49’% 
2o’* 
47 
5 
71% 
9 
181% 
143-4 
1'% 
25 
38'/} 
23’/* 
171% 
8V4 
47’% 
2o'/4 
2615 16 
333 39'4 

6’/% 
41* 
1o 
61* 
13’/4 
1?'4 
48’/* 
2o'/» 
4214 
414 
5 
8I 4 
18'% 
133% 
114 
23’'4 
371% 
22’% 
17'% 
8'/} 
46’% 
19’% 

6’%— 

1o'%— 
6.V4— 
131%— 
121% - 
49'/}— 
2o'/4— 
43'%- 3 
4’% -I- 
7’/4 + 2’/<* 
9 
+ 
'e 
18'-»- 
'•« 
14 - 
114 
25 - 
37'.>- 
23 
- 
171%- 
81% + 
46’-e- 
2o’-4 + 

 i;i 

1 

65 
128 
14oo 
51/4 CaroFrg 
2o 12 
49 
21' } CaroPw 1 72 
8 1581 
29 
C arP pf 2 67 
62 
34 
CarT ec 
2 
6 5o3 
151* CarrCp 
M 1o 2294 
12' } CarrGn 
98e 
171* CartHaw 9o 
9 
32'* CartHw pf2 
6’ 2 CartWaIl 
4o 11 
8 
CascNG 5or 
9 
14'}C astlC k 8ob 
7 
48 V 4 CatrpT r 1 5o 13 4256 
12’ * CecoCp 
72 16 
65 

*38 
1162 
48 
147 
93 
3o4 

451% Celanse 2 
51 
Celan pt4 5o 
1o’ } Centex 
16 
14Í* CenSoW 1 26 
19’* CenHud 1 8o 
171* CenlULt 1 6o 1ox152 
3o'} CntLt pf2 87 
38»'4 CnlLt pf2 62 

3 
2o'% 
6 6’ } 
6'% 
24'% 
3o'/4 
391% 
19'/4 
13'/4 
18 
3^1* 

81* 
15'% 
58 
131/4 
13*122o 511* x21o 
S3 
8x737 
9 3225 
7 
92 

12'} 
15'} 
2o1% 
18’- 

141-4 C enlIPS 1 28 11 
231* CenUa E 1 4o 
9 
15' } CeM Pw 1 4o 
9 

 y488o 311% y 155o 3o 

13 
CenSoya 
7o 
CenT ef 1.5o 

17 

231 
21'4 CentrOat 
1 
191* Crt teed 
7o 
261* CéssAIr 1 2o 
22'% Chmpin 
1 
22'/4 O im l pfl 2o 
1o' } ChamSp 
68 
314 ChartCo 
o8 
28 
ChrtNY 2 12 
8'4 O iasPd 6Be 
291 * ChaseM 2 2o 
2'4 ChaseT 
51* Ctielsea 
4o 
28'4 Chemtn 1 5o 12 
4o 
Chm NY 
3 7 
28 
ChesVa 136 
2o’% ChesePn 
84 
35 
Chessie 2 32 
6’% ChiMIwv 
12'} ChiMIw pf 
25’ } ChiPneT 
2 
3'* ChkF(jil 
4 '} ChrisCtt 
9’-> ChrCft pf 1 
12'} CbrCft ^1 4o 
14'} Chromai 
1 
Chroma pt 5 
Chrysler 
1 
ChurCh 
«1 
CinBeil 
1«) 
CInnGE 1 64 
47' } CinG pf 
4 
55' } C inG pf4 75 
1o4 
ClnG pf9 3o 
8714 CinG pf7 44 
IDS'* 1o4 } CinG pf9 28 no 
1o5'4 C lnG pf9 52 
34'4 CinMIIa 1 4o 11 
64 
3914 
2514 Citicorp 1 o6 8 6387 
27' } 
.56'* CitiesSv 
3 
12' } Cityinvst 8o 
'8 C ity in v wt 
28 
Cityln p fl.31 
24ig Cityln pf 
2 
11'8 Cityh pf 1 1o 
36' } Clark F 1 Ma 
8 
14 
ClarkOil 
5o 1o 
62’ B ClvClif 1 8oa 
32 
C levEI 
264 
8514 C IvEI pf7 4o 
87 
C IvEI pf7 56 
124 
C IvEI pf 12 
1o’ * Clevepk 
6o 

73% 
12 
181% 
1734 
75 
22 
221% 
281* 
24 
51 
591* 
1o8'} 
91’% 

4 1 '} 
34 
61->4 
15'4 

6 8 
16' 
2o’ 
23' 
2o1-4 

2V4 
19 1% 
65 
53/4 
231% 
29’/% 
36’/* 
18'/« 
12'} 
17''a 
33 
6'} 
8 
14'} 
561% 
13'* 
471« 
51 n»/4 
15 
2o’4 
18'% 
3o1% 
29 
UV4 
263% 
15’% 
13'% 
2534 
241/4 
2414 
261% 
22K. 
22’% 
1o'/> 
3’/% 
29'/4 
8’/* 
31'% 
2’4 
6'% 
291% 
441/4 
3o'/4 
2o’% 
39’/4 
8V4 
14 
27'% 
3’'4 
4''} 
1o’% 
13'} 
151-4 
68 
16’ } 
2o'4 
26'/4 
23'% 
48’ } 
56'/4 y5o,1o1o7 
IOS'4 z2o 88 
88 
V22o 1o8 
1o5 v22o 1o9'} 1o7 
— 
■ 
3714 

’%15 16 
3«''4 38'/4- 
’4» 

93o 
668 

9 
135 
8 628 
O 
452 
II 
341 
O 
499 
6 257 
8 16o7 
272 
9 819 
7 44o 
6x198 
148 
8 2649 
97 

15 
27’% 
16'/4 
13’% 
26'/4 
2514 
261% 
27'/» 
24 
24'% 
1o’% 
4'% 
3o'/4 
9'% 
31’% 
21% 
6 '} 
3o3/4 
45 
32 

16 
661 
361 

7 
68 
12*1184 22’% 
8 523 
4o’% 
391 
7 
223 
59 
5 212 
3 
1o 
7 
167 
12 
3 2792 
8x638 
9 x64 
9 617 ylOO vio 

914 
141* 
28 
31% 
43/4 
1o'* 
131-4 
17 
72 
17 
22'4 
2B'/4 
24 
48’'} 
56'/4 

31 
2 8'4 
12 
43'4 
19’* 
71 
35'* 
9o' 4 
9J 
129 
14’* 
I 2 I 4 
IO I4 
13'4 
19'S 
26 1* 
22'} 
9 1b 
8o’ 4 
■ » '4 
2o1* 
12’ e 
8 
27H 
51'4 
13 
91 * 
3o'« 
24'4 
59'4 
31 
84 
31 
64 
62 
12'* 
271-4 
116 
281* 
2 3 1 4 
59'4 
51 
21 
3 1 1 4 
1o1* 
1o1* 
21’% 
23'} 
2 4 I/4 
78 
33'4 
1o7 
3718 
39 
8’% 
16'* 
251% 
18' 8 
2o'* 
27’% 
22'4 
23'4 
74 I 4 
5 2I 4 
S6I 4 
27 
71'} 
26' } 
43’ 8 
121 
23'} 
47 
5 2 
56 
83' } 
86'* 
86' 4 
85'} 
27 
75' } 
93' } 
7’4 
6 '% 
13^* 
5514 
6o 
« O 
3 73 * 
6o'* 
26'} 
17'4 
2 '4 
38 
1o1'} 
171% 
26H 
5 21-4 
22 
11% 
45>e 
12'} 
18'* 
19'* 
2o'* 
24 
4’* 
71'j 
2 
16' 4 
33'» 
15'% 
36 
6 '4 
29 
47'4 
16 34 
32'* 
85'* 
23'« 
45'« 
63 
3 2 '4 
23'4 
I 41/4 
57 

7 1658 
591 * 
8 12o1 
15 
16 5 32 
4 
.3o'/} 
297 
178 
311 
1o7 
1o x81 
8 2245 
131o zllOO r4So 128 
9 
2o1 
I 4V4 

251% 
11"} 
42' } 
IS'% 
64’/« 
331* 
88'} 
9o'} 

2514 
56'% 
143% 
'/« 
3o 
24’% 
11’/4 
41’% 
141% 
63 
32’% 
86’ } 
9o'4 

234- 
2o'%+ 
'-ti 
65 
— 11/-« 
514— 
3« 
23’%— 
'.f 
29’- ^ 
1» 
38 
♦ 
1'/;- 
18'/«— 
V'f 
12''j— 
V* 
1714- 
'4 
33 
- 
' } 
61%— 
’ 4 
8 
— 
1% 
14’/%— 
'f 
56^-4- lit 
13'%— 
It 
471%— 3'-> 
52 
+ 
’% 
11’/«— 1% 
151«— '% 
2 o 1 % 1# 
18'-4- '% 
3o1%+ 
1% 
29 
+ 1} 
15 
-I- '/4 
744^ 1%^ 
16 
+ 
'/» 
131%- 
'} 
25’/»- 
'% 
25'/}-f 1'% 
2414— 2 
26 W 
11/4 
22’/»- l'/4 
23 — 1'/4 
1o'/?— 1% 
3’/«— 
3% 
29"»— ’% 
9 
311%- 
21%+ 
'% 
6'/4— '% 
2 9% - 1 
44'/}— 1% 
3o1/4— 
’% 
2o’/»— 1'/} 
39'}— 
8 1 / 4 - 
14 
— 1 
27'i - 
1% 
3'-4- 
'% 
414. 
. 
1o'%+ 
1 3 1 4 -i- 
'% 
16 
— 
’* 
68' >— 4'/} 
161%— 
' * 
21'4— ’-■» 
261%— V-, 
23''}— 
'/* 
48''?. . 
S6'/4+ 1’/4 
1o7 
+ 2’% 
88 
1o5 
+ 
1* 
1o7 
3 71 /4— 2 
26 — 1V4 
57'%— 2'% 
Ul%— i> 
1 5 32+1 32 
3o — 1 
25 — 3/, 
11'/} 
42'%+ 
'é 
1 4 3/4— 
Ib 
63 — 1'} 
33 
- 
'-4 
86' 7— is* 
9o'} + 

1* 

1263'4 12714 - 3/. 

1o'8 Cloro* 
« 1o 717 
12'- i 379 
1o''j 
2o 
13 
5x3o88 181% 
81 
25' 

8’* CluetPea 5o ll'fl Ciuettp pfl 
13'* CstStGs 
3o 
22’ 4 CstSG pfl 83 
17»% CstSG pfl 19 
56 
7’* CocaBtl 4oa 12 1575 
71’ s CocaCol 3 o8 15 2556 
113 
8 
122 
5 
222 
9 
193 
12 22o5 z2o 
316 
2o9 
292 
77 
1257 

36i«i CocaCol w i 
141-4 ColdwBk 
72 
1o'8 ColeNat 
6o 
5'* Coleco 
233b ColqPal 
88 
48 
ColgP pf3 5o 
1o'* CollinAik 64 6 
7 '}C o llin F 
2o 6 
241-4 ColPenn 
1 
9 
2o»* Colonist 1 45 
7 
49 
Coltind 
2 5o 
7 
26'4 Colt pf 1 6o 
7o 
Colt pf 4 25 
28 
Col Gas 
2 24 
8 
5814 ColGs pfS62 
58 
ColGs pfS48 
73» ColuPict 
4 
2S’4 COISOh 
2 2o 
7 
11o 
Coso pflO.52 
2634 CoSO pf 2 42 
19 
CombC lOe 
7 

4SH Cm bEn 2 2o 11 
43 
Cm E pfl 7o 
17' } Cm bEq 
1o 12 
28' j ComwE 2 4o 
9 
9' } ComEdA wt 
9' } Com Ed B wt 
19’% ComE pfl 42 
21’ e ComE pfl 9o 
231% ComE pf 
2 
27 
ComE pf2 37 
3o' } ComE pf2 87 
973 » ComE pt8 4o 
291* Comsat 
1 13 
31 
Compgr 
2o 
9 
6 I 4 CompSci 
1o 
1134 ConAgr 
75 
5 
2114 ConeMI 1 2o 
4 
13'4 Congolm 
6o 
16’% ConnM 1 «) 15 
231« Conrac 
8ob 
7 
21'4 Conrac wi 
2o*4 ConEd 
2 
5 
71'* ConE pf 
6 
49 
ConE pf 4 65 
52’ 4 ConE pf 
5 
22’ s ConFds 1 4o 
63 
ConF pf 4 5o 
2114 ConFrgt 
9o 
341* ConNCfs 2 5o 
115 
CnG pf 1o 96 
2o’* ConsPw 2 12 
43'} CnPw pf4 16 
47' } CnPw pf4 5o 
SO'4 CnPw pf4 52 
77'} CnPw pf7 *5 
79' 8 CnPw pf7 72 
8o' } CnPw pf7 76 
8o 
CnPw pf7 68 
25'8 CnPw pf2 43 
67’4 CnPw pfS SO 
84 
C n Pw pf 
6 
6 
ContAir 
S'4 ContCop 
12'} CtCop pfl 25 
4714 ContlCp 
3 
52' 7 CtIC pf A2 5o 
52'4 CtIC pfB2 5o 
33' } CntIGrp 
2 
5o'} Contili 
2 4o 
26 
Contili wi 
15'4 ContlIP 1 28 
1 '} COntlIRt 
32'} Cont o11 1 4o 
9o 
CcntOilpf 
2 
14’ « CoofT el 116 
W ’ « Contota 15e 
46'} CnO tpf4 5o 
2o'* Conwd 
1 2o 
31* CookUn 
3of 
381* Cooprin 1 o8 
9’% CoopLab 
2o 13 
14’ « CoopT R 
7o 
■ 
16’% CopT pf 1 25 
17 
Copelnd 
68 
22'} Coppwd 1 2o 
3'« Cordura 
2o 
591 « CornG 1.52a 
1'4 Cousins 
12 
Cowles 
64 18 
28 
CoxBdct 
1o'} Craig 
76’ 8 Crane 1 2ob 5x456 
414 Credit F 24a 
6 
137 
251« CrockN 1 66 
7 
42'4 CrockN pf3 
13' } CrompK 
9o 
7 
28’% CrouHi 
1 1o 
76'} CroHi pf3 35 
193/4 CrwnCk 
8 

21'} 
8'4 
7414 
371* 
19’% 
1o’/« 
6'/4 
25'* 
48 
11'4 
8''} 
3o'% 
21'4 
56'/4 

12’% 
11''} 
9 14 
121% 
161% 
24 
2o'/} 
7'» 
72 
361% 
181-4 
1o'% 
6 
23’% 
48 
1o1% 
71% 
28'% 
2o1% 
55'/} 

1 

13 
— 11% 
111%- 
V» 
9-1/4- 
12V»— 
17 
— 11% 
24 
— 1'4 
2o'}— 
7’% + 
72'/4— 21/4 
361%- 11b 
19 
- 
H 
1o1*— 
6'%— 
241/4 — 
48 
1o’/%— 
7’/*- 
283/4— 
21'%. . 
551%— 

'4 

92 
79’/« 
29V 
79 V + 
>'} 
179 
8OJ4 
8o 
8o V + 
' } 
756 
3o'4 
2914 
79'/4— 
’/« 
545 
59’% 
583/4 
59'/«— 
V 
SS 
59V 
58 
58 - 
1’% 
3677 
12'% 
1114 
17'% 4 
14 
3oo 
27'4 
24''» 
76V- 
' } z3o 113 
113 
113 
1o 
27'% 
77 
77'%— 
'% 
119 
2114 
7o'4 
7oV— 
’% 
577 
56'4 
S4'4 
54’%— 2'% 
1 
5o 
5o 
5o 
779 
19’% 
17'/» 
17'»— 2'4 
3o23 
3o'» 
3o 
3o'4 + 
3% 
2o 
1o 
9’% 
1o 
4 
'-4 
5 
1o 
91/4 
1o 
+ 
' } 
72 
21' } 
71'% 
71'4 + 
'4 
265 
23'» 
22V 
7234 
88 
24 
73V 
23V— 
'% 
187 
27V 
77V 
77'}— 
'* 
111 
32'4 
31V 
32'% + 
' B 
27 lOOV 1oo1-4 1oo V 4 
’* 
912 
36'} 
34V 
35 
— I V 
277 
37V 
35'-« 
3534— I V 
127o 
8 
7'/, 
7V 
97 
15V 
14V 
14'}— 1 
4 
189 
343 
5 
132 
7 
1o5 
3 
5 154o 
15 
735o 
15 
8 1oo3 
11 
8 
239 
8 859 

127o 118 
6 3999 23'} 
72o 
45'} y117o 52 
71o 56 
*171 
82'} y617o 853/4 
72oo 85 y 117o 85 x64 
2614 

23'} 
161% 
191% 
271* 
213/4 
22'/} 
72’% 
52 
.54'% 
25'} 
68'4 
24’% 
431% 

23 
16 
183* 
26 
21'-4 
22 
723/4 
51 
53'/» 
25 
671-4 
24'% 
42’% 

23'/4 
. 
16 - 
18V4- 
26'}— 1 
2V>- 
22'/*— 
723/4 
52 
.53'4— 
25 
— 
68''4+ 1 
241% + 
43'/4— 
I I 6Í/4 118 
22’% 
23'-4 

56 
81'/} 
84'/4 
85 
83 
251% 

45 
52 
+ 
56 
+ 
81'} + 
84’%+ 2'* 
85 
83 
+ 1 
Z5i4- 
*18 
75'» 
74 
74 
+ 
*9 
93'} 
92 
92 
4 
V : 
7 
927 
7V 
634 
6’/»- 
V 
76 
5 '} 
S'-4 
5 '4 - 
'4 
Z141o 
17’% 
12'--} 
17' 3— 
'* 
12 
654 
5534 
53V 
53V— l'/4 
11 
6o 
58'.'» 
S8'r- 
1 
7 
59'} 
59'-} 
59'-,— 
'» 
9 1o2o 
36V 
35’/« 
34', 
7 
5o9 
57V 
51’/» 
57 — ' v 
19 
741% 
26 
76'4— 
'4 
8 
766 
16'-4 
15'4 
16'* 4 
V 
71 
2V 
2'4 
7'4 
. 
8 431o 
34’% 
32'-» 
37 V - 2'4 
1 
9o 
9o 
9o - s v 
1o 7496 
16’/% 
16V 
16V— 
V 
7 1514 
21 
19’% 
19’/*— 1 y45o 
52 
5o 
57 
+ 2'% 
9 
3o 
21'» 
2oV 
7o V — 
3/4 
5 
11o 
3V 
3V 
3 V 
. 
11*385 
43 
47'.« 
47'»— 
'■« 
13 
158 
11V 
11 
11 
— 
3 
87 
17''j 
16'% 
14'%— l'-4 
1o 
19 
18V 
18V 
8 154 
18'% 
17V 
17V— 
' ’} 
7 
14 
23 
22V 
22V - 
'4 
13 
449 
4’ 4 
3V 
3I/4— 
"» 
13 
5oo 
68 
44 '4 
66’-»— 1'-« 

55 8 
3o 
.1 

235 
1o 
47 
188 
26 
499 
35'}C rw Zel 
1 8o 1o 536 
ÍO'4 CrnZ pf4 2o 
733o 
26'4 CrumFo 1 56 8 
224 
191* íutbro 
1 32 
7 
85 
91 » Culllgan 
44 11 
11o 

1' 
15H 
29 
111/4 
35’% 
5'/} 
2614 
43'» 
16 
291% 
78’ 4 
221% 
371% 
6o14 
3o’% 
21'-4 
13’% igt 
. 
. 
451-4 CumEng 1 4o 6x2o61 SSH 
155' } 124 3 4 CumE p«7 5o z939o 149'i 
91 « 
8 
CunnDrg 25 1o 
14 
81% 
121/4 
11’% Currinc 1 o8 87 x94 
12'/4 
18’% 
1S<'4 CurtisWr 
6Ú 
8x48o 
17'% 
28'} 
25'» C u rtW A 2 
*11 
26' } 
44’/« 
371* CutlerH 1 8o 
8*167 
44’/% 
28'} 
22'» Cyclop 1 2oa 
6 
67 
24'% 
263/4 
22 
Cyprus 1 4o 27 
149 
24 

8'4 
8'/4 
91-4 
293-4 
36'% 
39 1/4 
46'4 
23 
19'4 
77 
38'» 
21 
87 '4 
89 
12914 
33'} 
291* 
141% 
391* 
814 
5'/4 
281/4 
26'} 
24'% 
3o1% 
171% 
16'» 
69 
1o1 
8314 
81'» 
81 
29 
28’/% 

D - L - F 
é'.4 D PF Inc 
Ì4 
67 
7 
614 Damon 
2o 76 493 
7 
8''4 DanR Iv 
48 
6 4o1 
91% 
24'% DanaCp 
1 
8* 286 25'/} 
3o"4 DartInd 
1 
9 824 
35H 
33'4 Dart pf 
2 
96 
3814 
34 
DataO cn 
16 
52o 
4o <4 
171} Oatapnt 
9 
134 
221% 
151* Da veo 
SOb 
4 
72 
17 
66' } Dayc pf 4 25 t41o 
72 
29>} DaytHd 1 2o 
8 48o 
3114 
18'% Dayt PL 
1 66 
9 392 
2o14 
83 
O PL pf 7 48 
131o 
84'/» 
84 
D P L pf 7.7o ilOO 
125 
D P I pf 12 5o 
11oo 127 
2é' » Deere 1 2o 8*41o9 33 
26 
DelA6on 1 SO 
« 
12« 26</> 
13 
DeltnaP 1 2o 
3o 
Delta Air 
7o 
4)/« Del tee 
4'% Deltona 
23 
DennMf 1 24 
22 
DennMf pf 1 
181» Dw'nys 
6o 
19'} Dantsply 8o 
IJ'.'i DeSoto 
6o 
15'% DetEdls 1 45 
63' » DetE pf S SO 
95'4 p t E pf 9 32 
*43o 1oo 

7$ 
B e ts pf ; « 
172o 83'^ 
76 petE pf 7 45 
122o 81 
75 
D etE pt 7 36 ifT T O 81 
27' » B e tf pf 2 75 
5S 
281% 
Z Z J iJ k ß ftfB2 75 

451 
1882 

152 
1o1 
3 
1621 
781 
244 
991 
8 

13'% 
371% 
8 
S 
281% 
26'/» 
7o?% 
21'4 
171» 
16'/» 

1'4 
14»/» 
28 
1o1% 
32»^ 
S'/4 
251% 
4214 
151% 
29 
77 
22'-'* 
35'} 
6o1% 
3o'% 
2o’/» 
13 
511% 
139 
81% 
11’/« 
16 
2514 
421% 
22’/% 
22 

«'a 
6i% 
91% 
24'% 
3414 
38'/| 

16'/» 

3oH 
2o'% 
83 
8«'/» 
127 
311% 
26 
13% 
3S14 
714 
414 
2«14 
26'/» r 
15»/« 
1*'/» 
6i'/» 

'% 

11% 
15 
— 
28 
- 
1o3/4— 
33'4— 2 
51*+ 1% 
251%- 1 
4214— IV4 
1S1%— 1« 
29'%- 1% 
77 
22'% - 
15'/r- V » 
6OI4 
3o'/}— 
21'% + 
13 — 
52 — 31% 
14o -1o 
81%— 
12'% + 
16H- 
2514 + 
42H - 11* 
22'%— 1’/, 
22'4— 1'% 

6'/»— ' t 
6’-%- 
'/« 
9'/>- 
’,% 
241%- 11, 
3414— 
3^4 
381«— 
'-4 
391%— 
’% 
2o’/«- 11% 
16"»— 
'/» 

 a ti% T *’/4 
» 1%— '% 
83 - 3' » 
86'/» 
127 
31*%- 1'% 
26'4- 
'% 
1314 
3 6 - 1 1 * 
8 
+ 
'% 
5 
+ 
'4 
2614— IV» 
26'»+ 234 
2o14+ 
1% 
2o'%— 
" 
16'%- 
16'4 + 
61'/*+ 

’% i%. 
'% 
^ 
. 
'/i 
981% 1oo 
+ 
’/} 
81«4 83'/»+ 114 
81 
81 
79 
81 
+ 2 
^ 
, 28'/% 18>4+ 
' 
I t »1% 28'/» 
ä l* + 
'/4 

Y*orty 
High U>w 
S«le« 
Net 
(h<j* } High l«w la«> Chg 

3o 
81* 
14’% 
39’% 
24* » 
381* 
341« 
81% 
111* 
14’% 
54 
17’% 
79'* 
331% 
47H 
7 
1-4 
141/4 
57’'» 
4'/, 
741'. 
18's 
17’4 
471* 
43'Í 
34'% 
3114 
46'% 
18'4 
8-14 
135 
57 
66'-4 
271-4 
91^4 
1o4 
99'} 
95 
31'} 
3o'/} 
7o1/4 
26'} 
231/4 
25 
26'4 
26 
27’ 4 
31 
89 
13'4 
133* 
21'} 
41/4 
571'. 
3o'-4 
Jlí» 
91 « 
79'* 
19’* 
861-4 
45Vi 
44 
771* 
29’* 
6o’% 
15'% 
IBVi 
3'4 
19it) 
4’% 
11 
29 
8’% 
311% 
36 
39 
12'} 
4o 
521% 
16'} 
6'4 
11'% 
26'* 
36’% 
61-4 
37'} 
351* 
391 * 
291'. 
14' 8 
39 
261* 
.35’ « 
17 
«'• 
4S1/4 
59'-4 
14'-4 
151* 
29' 8 
21'2 
55'-* 
761-4 
38'4 
95* 
91« 
« 
41’% 
11’ b 
13V« 
48’ i 
1o 
6'* 
71/4 
77I 4 
75’ } 
17'f 
19’% 
75 
21’ } 
49'8 
34'* 
1o14 
714 
3S3b 
7o'/4 
15’* 
21’* 
24'} 
731/4 
I8I4 
27’% 
37'% 
43'4 
17 
3o'% 
26^ 
17'} 
214 
I 7I4 
7’ } 
24'* 
31 
13'* 
14M( 
191* 
17'8 
14’% 
23'e 
81 
4o14 
36'4 
15’ 4 
28 
37’ e 
24>j 
39'4 
96 
71* 
16’ * 
611* 
45 
I I ' 4 
28 
I 5I4 
37'4 
27'4 
54 
39'} 
313« 
24'4 
311-4 
13 

221* Dexter 
8o 
6’ } DiGiorg o5e 
17'-4 Dl«lFtnl 
7o 
321-. Diamint 
2 
17 
DIamM 
33 
DlamSh 1 1o 
29’ > Dia pfD 1 2o 
6’% Dirk A B 
3o 
11'* DIctaphn 64 lO-Ht Diebold 
5o 15 
36vt. Dì g ita n a 
81* Diningm 
52 

442 
227 
38 
421 
2oo 
17*4 
82 
285 
171 
146 
17 4117 
5 
4o8 

291 * 
7’4 
1Jl<i 
35'4 
231% 
36’% 
32’% 
7’4 
12'% 
1214 
42'4 
1o'4 
26'4 
3V> 

1'% 
11’% 
46'} 
3 
231« 
I6l* 
11’-» 
411-4 
36 
311-4 
.3o1* 

25 
DMIngm pt 2 
2 
» 
Dillon 
1 o8b 
11 
58 
37’* Disney 
16 
14 376o 
1’* DivrMdIn 
124 
1 
DivrsMtg 
211 
11 
o1'Pf‘Ppr 
-56 
13 1o27 
42'J DomeM 
8o 
13 
194 
23/4 DonLuJ 
14 
1o 
21o 
22 
Donnetiv 68 
1o 229 
15 
DorOHv 
32 
5 
71 
1o'« Dor«;ev 
4o 
5 
51 
341* DnverCp 
9Í1 11x672 
34’ r. Dow Chi 2o 
1o 6o78 
391/4 DowJon 1 16 
14 
1«1 
221* Dravo 
1 o5 
1o 
173 
37’% Dresser 
8o 1ox2848 44'-» 
16'4 DrexBd 1 44 
53 
171-* 
73* Dreyfus 55e 7 
148 
7’% 
119 duPoot 
5 13 1718 126'} 
49 duPnt pf3 5o 
18 
49' } 
62’ } duPnt pt4 5o 
43 
63’ } 
W ’% Dukpp 
1 iO 8 37o7 
22' } 
84 
Duke pf 6 75 
99’ 4 Duke pf 8 7o 
93' } Duke pf 8 2o 
89'% Duke pf 7 8o ilo7o 
29 
Duke pf 2 69 
31 
251-4 DunBrd 1 74 
14 549 
19'* DuqLtg 
1 72 1ox547 
24'-} Duq pf A7 1o y28o 
21'} Duq pf 1 87 
23 
Duq pf 
2 
24 
Ouqpf 2 o7 
24'4 Di«q pfG2 1o 
26 
Duqpf 2 31 
26 
D uqpf 2 75 
84’ } D uqpf 7 2o 
1o'4 Dutch By 
14 
14 
197 
9’* Dymoln 
44 
7 
213 
16' } E G & G 
36 
14 816 
31* E M IL t 
17e 
8*246 
4o1-4 ESvst 1 6ob 
7 
169 
171. Eaq le P 
68 
8 536 
17’* EascoCp 75 
7 
1 22 
7 
E a s tA Ir 
4 
991 
8'4 
711-4 EastG sF 8o 9 7453 
23 1* 
16’* EastUtI 1 6fl 1o 532 
17'} 
551* EasKd 1 fOa 14x8563 6o1* 
391» Eaton 
7 
8 581 
39'* Eaton pfl 19 
1 
711.1 Erhlin 
6o 
11 
719 
2o1* Eck rd Jk 48 
11 1724 
53'* EdisBro 2.7o 
7 x 48 
121* Edwrds 6f)a 
4 
19 
14’* EIP-»sn 
1 1o 1o 2522 

14 89 
121oo 1o2’4 
125 97 
92’ } 
X ' i 
27'4 
7o1% 
26'4 
22'> 
24"} 
781o y85o yÍ2oo 251% v2o 
24’-} 
V1Í6o 27'4 xlSO 
281* x314 
89 
11 
13'4 
7o1/4 
4’* 
48'/} 
1814 
2o'% 

Elee Asse 
15'} ED S 
6o 14 
3' } ElM eM g 
9'} EIM M pf Ik 
19'-} EiginNat la 
6 
51* Elixirlnd 
5 
26'4 EltraCp 1 16 
31'4 E m w E I 
1 14 1866 
3234 Em ery 1 5o 18 1761 
1o 
Em eryln 44 13 
84 
32Vb Em hart 1 8o 
6 315 
44 
Em hart pf 
15 
Em p D E 1 36 
S' } Em pD pt 47 
1o 
Em pD pf 97 
18'4 Em pGas 4o 
31 
EnqIM C 1 2o 8 1185 
5'% Ennis B 
32 
5 
94 
27'-4 Enserch 1 8o 8 
4o9 
27 
En te* 
1 2o 6*192 
31' } Envrtec 
8o 1o 
527 
25■‘-B Equifax 
2« 
8 
11’* Equim rk 88 
7 
35'* EauitGs 7 84 6 
22'4 E q u ttt 2.l4e 11 
39' ? Esm ark 1 76 
7 
E sq u ire 
19 
61-4 Estpriine 36 
4o'4 Ethyl 
1 7o 
57 ethyl pf? 4o 
111* EvansPf) 6o 
14’ B Evans p«l 4o 
25 
ExCelO 1 25 
Ip'll E x flsr 1 73e 
491* Exxon 
3 
24 
FM C 
1 11 

35 
FM C pf2->5 

7*144 

1o 
9x1o4 
ZSOO 
719oo 
6 
118 

56 
14 
37 
379 
673 
115 

75* Faprgp 
61-4 FabriCtr 
51-4 FacetEnt 
3o 
FdirCam 
9’ * Fairind 
1o' } Fairm tF 
341» Falcons 
81* F rW s tF n 
4'-4 f arah M f 
S' } Fedders 
74 
FedriCo 1 6o 
711* FdM og 1 56 
15'4 FedNMt 
1 l6’y F e d P a B d 9o 
7 lX F 

787 
133 
27 
581 
1o5 
391 
2o 
9 5336 
655 
77 

4 5 1* 
44 
23'* 
22'4 
53’ } 
13'} 
18'4 
1’% 
17'% 
4'% 
1o1* 
23'4 
534 
27’% 
3314 
381% 
111% 
391/4 
51 
16 
6'4 
1o1* 
25’/4 
321% 
6 
3o'4 
35 
39 
761-4 
17'» 
.38'* 
?5"} 
311-4 
111* 
8"} 
45'.4 
58-4 
1314 
14’% 
29 
2o'4 
52'} 
261* 
,37 V4 
4o 
8 
198 
2o 
5 x81 7'« 
11 2725 8 
SO 11*791 3o1% 
3o 1o 1o1o I I I 4 
68 
8 
58 11 
1 12*386 47 
S 
47 
91 » 
378 
4 V4 
34 
576 5’/» 
7 
46 27 
5*15o 
23H 
5*5731 16 
6 
25o 
19’ } 
Pap pf 1 2o x14 

224 
1o3 
73 
94 
7o 
12o 
7o1 
695 
9o2 
1351 
115 
396 
36o 
349 
15 
37o 
41 
1o1 
86 
14 
44 

13'} FdSignl 
8o 11 
4o6 
33 
FedOSt 1 46 1o 2247 
29 
Ferro 
1 25 
7 
67 
81* FIb reb rd 
6 
FidFin 
.3o 
4 
321* FidelUn 2 4o 
7 
19 
Fieldcrst la 
6 
9'* Filtrol 
7 
16'/4 FinSanB 48 
5 
17 
FinlFed 
5o 
6 
I8I 4 Firestn 
1 1o 11 
13'} FstChar 
15r 
6 
171-4 FstChlf 
96 
7 
31 
FtBnT ex 
1 
9 
37'4 FstlnBn 1 2o 1o 
11’* FstM iss 
.36 1o 
26'} FstNBo 1 88 
8 
23'4 FtNStBn 
2 
8 
15'} FstPa 
1 32 1o 
I I 4 F tP a M tg 
11H FstUnR I 
1 
14 
6 « FstVaBk 45 
8 
21 
FW isCp 1 76 
9 
27I 4 FischM 1 2o 
9 
9' } Fish F d S 6o 5*527 
11^* FIshrSci 
28 6 
63 
1o 
FleetEnt 4o 
8 168o 
15'} Fleming 
8o 8 
44 
1o'4 FlexiVan 2o 9 
1714 Flintkot 1 16 15 
63 
Flint pf4.5o 
3o 
Flint pf2 25 
23’ 4 FlaEC st 
19 
2o 
FlaGas 
1 2o 
8 
7 1 'jF la P w t 1 56 
9*1764 2514 
28»* FlaPow 2 28 
9 524 
12^% 
1834 F la S tI 1 2o25*2o6 
2114 
33'4 FluorCp 
1 
9 974 
381% 
8o 
F lu o r^ 
3 
51* Fd Fair 
7o 
14’4 Fo oteC B 1 
57’ « FordM 
4 
43'4 FordM wl 
15 
ForAArK 
1 
25'-4 F M K p fl 8o 
14’ b FtDear 
1 24 
32's FtH ow P 
72 11 
19'} FosWh 
65 
9 
42' « Fo*boro 1 2o 9 
13'4 Fm klnM 74 
4 
25 
FreepM 1 6o 
9 
16'8 Friqfrn lOe 36 
“ 
■ 
1 8o 
7 
36 6 
27'b Friiehf 
8’ }■■ F uqua 

1474 
791 
141o 
7 
122 
286 

9 
8 
7o 
7 *61 
1o65334 
71 
6*184 x35 
1o8 
386 
895 
437 
2713 
676 
796 
273 
36o 

25 
191* 
35 
29’% 
9' } 
61-4 
331* 
7o1-4 
14'% 
2o'} 
741* 
19’% 
16'} 
18 H 
32 
41>'} 
13'-4 
271% 
24 
16’% 
7 
12’ } 
61% 
23 
28'} 
1o'4 
12’% 
11'% 
16 
14'/} 
18'} 
73 
371* 
351% 
24’/« 

91 
61* 
15’'% 
.551* 
44I 4 
161/4 
27'* 
15 
3S'4 
251% 
51'} 
1434 
261-4 
231* 
29 
9’% 

251» 
26 — 3’% 
6’% 
6’%— 1% 
13’% 
13M«— 
1* 
32V. 
321*- 214 
22’4 
7 7 '^ 1’* 
341% 
34’%— 2 
3o14 
31’> - I I 4 
7 
71-4 + 
’% 
1 1 1 * i i i < » _ 1 , 
111» 
1114— 
14 
4o'% 
4ti'4- ?' Í 
1o 
1o 
- 
’ * 
26’4 
26'4— 
’ 4 
3o14 
» 14— 1 
32’% 
3 3 — 21» 
1’% 
1'*— 
'* 
1 
1 
111% 
11%^ 1* 
44’% 
46 — 
’ » 
2’-% 
2’% 
22'V. 
73144 
»8 
16 
16'/4+ 
'4 
11'4 
1V>- 
' } 
4o’/4 
4o'4— 
14 
34’^ 
35 
- 1’'4 
31’ } 
3114- 
’* 
28’% 
29M^-- 
11» 
42'% 
42'-*— 21* 
17'* 
171/4 
. 
71% 
714+ 
’ » 
119 
119 
- 7 '} 
49 
49’' 
} 
’ } 
63 
63’ 
’ 4 
27 
22'. 4- 
’4 
87’4 
87'/4— 2 
1o1 
1o1'4 
95 
9514 — 
I 4 
9o'4 
97'}'i' 1’4 
3o 
3o 
- 
1» 
26 
26'%- 
’% 
19’4 
191%— 
I 
4 
2514 
2514- 
’ « 
21’/» 
22’ } - 1 
23’^ 
24’'}+ 2 
241* 
241%— 
7, 
24'"} 
24'}+ 
’% 
26’4 
26’4 - 
’■* 
27''} 
7714+ 
I'j 
85'-} 
85 ''}- T * 
1o'/4 
11 
* 
’ 4 
12'4 
121*- 1 
19 
191 *— 1'% 
3V4 
'* 
47'4 
471*— 
’/. 
18 
18 
- ip 
191* 
191%.- 
1., 
7V4 
71,4— ip 
71V4 
2 2 1 4 - 11» 
16’% 
1714- 
’ 4 
551* 
56 
- 4’ ». 
43’% 
*3’%— 1'4 
44 
44 
4 
’ } 
213/4 
2114— 2 
211% 
21’/*- 
1* 
53'% 
531%+ 
'-4 
13 
13 
— 
171% 
17V*- 
1* 
IV4 
114- 
1* 
I 6I 4 
I 6V4— 1* 
314 
3’% - 
'* 
9’% 
9’/*— '-} 
2V , 
21’> - 11« 
51% 
51%— '-4 
2614 
77 
— 
1* 
32'% 
32'/«— 1'* 
37’% 
37’/%-- 
'-7 
11 
11 
— 
1* 
37V4 
37’/»— 13/4 
5o 
5o 
- 2'4 
15'/, 
151/ ^ I-B 
514 
6'/4 
. 
1o'% 
1o1% + 
'-4 
2 4'-i 
2 41.4— 
3(, 
31 
311%— 
3/4 
51% 
SI*— 
’ 4 
29'} 
3o 
- 
'-4 
33 
3 3 '}- 1'« 
36’% 
371-4- 1'4 
2*1% 
25' 
1 ir % 
12 
- '4 
37'* 
37'%— 
’* 
24'4 
74-1*— 
’/f 
31'4 
31''?— 
'4 
11 '4 
11 '4 — 
' * 
71% 
7’/ ^ 
' •} 
421* 
421*- 214 
55'4 
SS’.-4 - 3'* 
13’% 
13'4 - 
1* 
141* 
141-4 
27 V4 
28'%— ’% 
2o'% 
2o'P 
5OV4 
51'/«- 1 
75''} 
251*— 
37'} 
37'/>- 1% 
7V4 
7’% 
. . 
61* 
6V«— 
1« 
61% 
61%- 11» 
281% 
281*— 
2 
11 
11’ } 
1o1% 
}1 
-I. 
’% 
44''} 4514— 1'} 
91* 
91 * — 
'4 
4''} 
4'}— ’« 
S'.'j 
5'/»— 
1% 
261* 
261*— a« 
23 
2 3 '« - 
1* 
151% 
151*— 
'b 
18 
19’ »+ 1'% 
221/4 
25 
+ 2’ b 
181% 
1914 
. 
33 
343/4— 
’ * 
29 
2914 — 
I 4 
814 
8’/*— 1» 
6'« 
6'/e- 
1% 
33 
33'4- 
'4 
2o'% 
2o1* 
13 
13 - U * 
19 
191 %— 1'% 
21V4 
2? — 2'/4 
18’% 
19 
- 
I 
4 
15'/» 
15’ }— 1 
1714 
1714— 1 
31 
3 1 - 1 
3914 
3914.— 1''3 
12 
12'/»- 
’% 
27'% 
27'4- 
1% 
23''} 
23''Í- 
’ 4 
161% 
1614 
. 
1’% 
1’/8— 
’* 
1114 
12 
— 
'4 
6'/4 
6'/4— 
' B 
22’4 
2214— '4 
28'/4 
281% 4 
’% 
9'/} 
9'-}- 
1% 
12'4 
12'4- 
' } 
1o 
1o'/, 
153-4 
15’/8 
. 
131% 
131/4— 3/^ 
I 7V4 
17’%— 
1« 
71'4 
71'4— 214 
3514 
35I/*— 1’% 
34 
35 
4 
’ , 
23’% 
241*— jg 
251% 
25'}. 
. 
32'» 
321%- 
3, 
19H 
211% 4 2'% 
37'« 
3714- 
1* 
9o 
9o - 3 
61« 
61» - 
'4 
151* 
151* - 
' , 
53'} 
54'/*— 11« 
43'-4 
43’-'»- 1'% 
I 5V4 
1514-^ 
3/, 
25''» 
2.5',- 1 
1414 
1434— 
'« 
34"» 
34'/»— 1 
24 
241%— 1’ * 
SO 
5o1%^- 1H 
13'4 
1314- 1'} 
25 
251*- 1 
27 
22’/«— I 4 
28'% 
28'-'«— 
^4 
91 % 
9'}— 
1* 

S T R I C T I Y 
B U S I N E S S 
M c P M t t « r $ 

G - H - l 
13V 
1o'4 G AFCp 
6o lU 
4o5 
1914 
16'4 
G AFpf 
1 2o 
41 
34’ « 
38V GAT X 
1 8o 
12 
466 
45 
39 
GAT X pf2 5o 
7 
91 » 
71* GCACp 
o5« 
14 
99 
6 
4V 
GD V 
5 
147 
6'4 
S'-4 GF Busn 
32 
94 
6'4 
4’* Gableind 
42 
39'4 
22' 3 GamSk 
1 4o 12 
6o9 
35 
77'8 Gam S Pfl 6o 
16 
36 
74 
Gam S pfl 75 
2 
4o1-4 
323 8 Gannett 
1 2o 15 
67o 
13 
9 
GapStrs 
2oe 
7 
93 
2?’ « 
17' , GardDen 
76 18 343 
1534 
13’* Garfink 
1 o4 
6 
71 
15 V 
13’ 3 GasSvc 
1 2o 
7 
36 
1o 
6'4 
Gatewy 
3oe 
4 
144 
33 
72 
Gearhrt 
32 
13 
674 
19V 
1714 GemCa 
1 7o 
78 
17'« 
14 >4 Gem in 1 7oa 
14 
17'» 
9’ « G AInv 1.72e 
137 
63 
5714 GnAmO 
Ib 
16 
177 
14'» 
11'« GenBanc 
8o 
7 
44 
13V 
1o3* GnCable 
77 1o 
661 
26’» 
2o'} GCInma 
68 
7 
134 

55’% 
33 
241% 
13'» 
22'/4 
38'} 
2o1» 
34’» 
78’ } 
55 
771.4 
8I4 
1914 
1o'4 
571« 
8'« 
31’ » 
361« 
29 
16'} 
1o1 
281% 
6 I 4 
231% 
37>, 
38'} 
28'4 
3o'4 
89 
861« 
39'» 
212 
18'} 
1o*« 
12'} 
11’/» 
16’4 
3o'} 
9’% 
1414 
91/4 
34'» 
2o'% 
2o'4 
331% 
23’% 
•13’% 
35'» 
341% 
311% 
31'/4 
21'4 
15’% 
18’% 
1414 
37H 
29'} 
32*4 
251% 
271% 
21'% 
2o’% 
29 
151» 
2'-% 
1o'/j 
22'/, 
19'» 
18»% 
31% 
74’% 
17 
4o'4 
31/4 
I 3o'% 
» 1 * 

2o 

47'% GenEI 
1 8o 13 3944 
29 
GnFood 1 64 
9 2274 
213% GnGth 1 38e 
‘ 
1o'4 GenHost 
6o 
18 
Genlnst 
36t 
36 
G n ln strp f3 
15'% GenMed 
.3o 

115 
71 
9 6o2 
*16 
8 

111* 
17’% 
3o1% 
41 
8H 
5'» 
6'4 
S I4 
371* 
33'} 
32'} 
331* 
9'/« 
191* 
14'» 
14'% 
1o 
33 
191* 
151% 
1o'-4 
6o’/« 
111% 
131% 
211% 
541» 
55 
32'} 
241% 
1o14 
191* 
361* 

IOV4 
17'% 
2814 
4o'4 
7’% 
4’% 
6 
51* 
341% 
3o3/4 
32'} 
32'} 
91 % 
I 8I 4 
14 
13’/« 
91/4 
31'/« 
18 
15'4 
1o 
5814 
11'% 
12'/» 
2o'-» 
52'/, 
53 V4 
311* 
231% 
1o'4 
18 
36'% 

IOV4— 
1% 
17'%— 3,^ 
2814- 1'} 
4o'/4- 
'4 
8 - 1 » 
4’% - 
'4 
6 
Sl%— 
'4 
371*4 2'% 
33'}+ 1 
32'j ~ 
'.4 
33'/4 4 
'* 
91 %— '* 
19 — 1« 
14'% 
. 
14 
+ 
>4 
9’% 
. . 
32H+ 
3/4 
18'4- 114 
15'-4- 
1« 
1o - '» 
S9 - 2' « 
11’4 - 
1* 
12'>- ’% 
21'4+ 
1% 
S31/4- 1 
54'/»— 1/} 
321*4 
3h 
231-4 - 1% 
1o1*- '} 
18 
— 1'/} 
36'4 + 

M ' * GnMot 6 55e 
6 
51'} GMot pf3 75 
6»'% GMot pf 
5 
6’ « Gen Port 
18 
G P U 
1 68 
8 
7’ 4 GnR efr lOe lO; 
49’% GnSignl 1 36 13 
5’ « GenSteel 
7 
28' } G T elEI 
2 
8 
3214 G T IEI pf2 5o 
27’ } G T IEI pf2 48 
15'4 G T FI pt 1 3o 
97'4 G T FI pf 8 16 i 
25'4 GT Ire 12ob 
6 
4' } Genesco 
21 
Genstar 1 4o 
5 
29' } GenuPts 
9o 15 
29'* GaPac 
8ob 13 
26'4 G aPw pf2 52 
28'» G aPw pf2 75 
85 
G aPw pf7 8o 
82' } G aPw pf7 72 
241% oerber 1 4o 12 
179 
GPttyO 2 9oe 12 
17'} Gettò pfl 2o 
81* GtantPC 
« 35 
834 Gibr Fin lOr 
4 
8'4 GiddLew 5o 11 
13'4 GiffdHill 
8o 
6 
2S'-4 Gillette 
1 SO 11 
6 H G inosinc 
1o 
1o'} GieasW 
.44 
9 
7 
G lobM ar 
241% GlobeUn 1 4o 6 
161% G IdW Fn 
24 4 
17'% GoldW pf 78 
M '4 Goodrh 
1 12 11 
18' } Goodyr 
1 1o 1o 
111% GcN*JwtA 4o 
6 
S4 
131» 
27<-4 Gould 
1 12 1o*1271 34'4 
271-4 Gould pfl 35 
*149 
341% 
28 
Grace 
1 8o 
9 13o1 
26' » Grainger 56 15 
124 

164 
14V 
IS'% 
15'/}— 1 
2o71 
77’% 
26'} 
26'í— 1'4 
A583 
67 V 
66'/» 
641%— 1'% 
9 
57'4 
S IV 
S7’4 + 
'% 
77 
7o'/} 
69'% 
7o - 
'/} 
177 
7'4 
6’% 
6’/%- 
'4 
143o 
19V 
19'4 
19V 
3 126 
9V 
9'% 
9'/4- 
' } 
55o 
57 
54’% 
55'%— IV 
171 
7'/} 
4’% 
6’-* — 
'■} 
4o88 31'% 
3o'/» 
3o V - 
V 
9 
34'/» 
34'4 
34'/« + 
'4 
741 
78'% 
27V 
78 
4 
V 
731o 
16 
1534 
15V— 
3,4 
IllOO 
99 
99 
99 — 
1'% i 696 
28 
24 
74’ » - 
1'-« 
381 
S’% 
5’/, 
5V 
15 
23V 
22’-% 
22’% + 
'% 
7o4 
33'% 
32', 
37í%- 
’% 
4958 3oV 
79'% 
7914 — 
3-4 
61 
27'% 
27V 
273.44 
'.4 
77 
79V 
29'4 
29V + 
'-« 
Z8o e6'4 
84'% 
84'/i 
173o 
86 
84 14 
84'4— 
1'.4 
1134 
38 
36 
34'"»— 
'% 
! 318 184’/» 181'.'» 
182'/^- 1 
31 i 
42 
18 
814 
18 
8V 
1 v 
75o 
1oV 
9V 
9V — 
1 
113 
1oV 
1o'4 
1o'4— 
V 
1 
SI 
14 
1314 
13V - 
'4 
1499 
29’'} 
78 V 
29 — 
34 
11o 
7'4 
7 
7 
— 
'% 
' 
47 
13V 
13 
13'%- 
V 
343 
9V 
8’/% 
• ’% - 
’% 
> 3o6 
31'/» 
3o’ » 
» V - 
’% 
1 227 
18’% 
17'/, 
171/,«. IV4 
M 
18V 
17’% 
17’/%- 1 
7*1o53 29 
74V 
77'%- I V 
1 3417 
2oV 
19'/4 
19V— 1 

16 
GrandUn 
131% Granltvl 
16'-4 GrayOrg 
1o 
G tA llPae 

1 
7 
37 
9o 5 
92 
8o 
5 * 44 
16 4 « 
22’-« GtLkO 1 2oa 
5 
41 
1914 GtNolr 1 5oe 19 
64 
27'4 GtNoNk 1 1o 
8x1o1 
2o'4 GtW nFin 7o 
6 761 
18'4 G tW stU td 
4 
15 
I I ' } GtWn pfl 88 
3o 
17*4 GrGtont I o8 IS *91 
25' } G r G tp f l 76 
13 V* Greyh 
1 o4a 
11* Greyhnd wt 
8'/} GrowC 
32b 
16H Grumm 
1 
141% GMd'-dln 
« 
12H GglfW stn M 
' ] GlfW lnd wt 
7J 
G IfW p fS 75 . 
«3 
G if w p f ia r 
33'4 G lf^p f2 .5 o m GulfMfg 
2**% GulfOII 
1 iO 
U i% O u lfiM 
1 

21 
14'4 
161« 
1o1» 
3o 
26’% 
29 
22H 
19 
2 o'4 ir % 
2514 
*1 
8*1o91 141% 
116 
V'» 
7 286 
1o'% 
S 
658 211% 
I 
121. t r » 
3*1494 1414 
1261 
H 
*3 
731ft 
. 
KÍ. 6i'/4 
X38 
3S'^ 

7 4J ! 
2?i% 
9 áW 
1* 

13'/4 
32'4 

T 
291% 
2oH 
13'-% 
16>4 
1o'% 
29'% 
25H 
28'% 
2o'/» 
18'4 
1914 
1714 
25*4 
1314 
IH 
9*% 
19H ir ^ 
13'/4 
V» 
73'/» 
67 

**2H 

1* 
'* 
2'.» 

131%+ 
'4 
32'/4— 1H 
331»— '/} 
J 9 '/4- 1'} 
29’% - 
»* 
2o34— 
'-4 
14’%— 
'% 
16'/4— 
’% 
1o'4 
291/»— 
3. 
25’ « + 
281/4- 

18'4— 1» 
1*14- 
1.^ 
1714— ' } 
7 S ^ t~ 
V4 
U I4+ 
'% 
11% 
914 
19»/%— V » 
H '/i— 1 
13'/»— »% t />- 
1^ 

 n % 4 - 
14 
67 
- 1 
14 
.... 
2 é % - 1 liV ,- 
14 

"Of rourvi vour riw em « mv coxcrm, Argvl* Ju^t re- mrmhrr t own IhiNCom^m " 

VeaHy 
High li*w 
Sole« 
Net 
(hdi ) High low lo*t Chg 

3o 
25'} 
25 
14’/* 
58'} 
14’* 
7v4 
314 
38''4 
21'} 
23 
661-* 
25’» 
18'4 
7 3''4 
6 
73'% 
29 
5414 
34’% 
1o 
35'4 
74'8 
I 6 V4 
39'* 
391 * 
78 
14'-, 
29'* 
18’ , 
25’% 
19 
17'* 
91 * 
151* 
2o’ } 
34 
Sl-Hs 
61^4 
27’* 
37’ 8 
2'4 
o '4 
78' } 
271* 
12 
19' '4 
47’% 
87'-, 
8'^ 
7314 
23’/« 
25'* 
8’/» 
1314 
24'4 
37'* 
43’% 
15'* 
52’% 
27'* 
2'-» 
77 
131* 
78''} 
11'* 
181* 
3o’4 
181* 
V'n 
711» 
47'4 
38'* 
36’ * 
35'-. 
1 7', 
171-1. 
19'-4 ipi-. 
11 
47', 
18’ * 
17'« 
171-. 
14’-4 
77'* 
47’ « 
12o 
6' 4 
471* 
3o’% 
13'4 
37 
7o14 
31'4 
231/4 
99 
81% 
2’ '-« 
27 
3o 
52’ , 
4 9 I 4 
56 
78 
171.4 
34 
7V4 
1o', 
811* 
8«'} 
99 
173 
79 
251» 
181* 
26'% 
78 
5o'4 
37’% 
57’ 4 
7314 
16'} 
19'} 
3o'} 
1’% 
1o4* 
46 
9'» 
391-4 

4 
3 
127 
8 1182 
/2oo 
12 
767 
3o 12 

3 
8 
76 11 

281 
249 
11 
46o 

123 
139 
141 
1o5 
92 
169 
1o5 
96 
347 
712 
9o 
53 
543 
593 
195 

261-, 
23'/, 
23*% 
13'-4 
52'-4 
13'', 
71* 
2’% 
38 
19% 
2o’'« 

Gulte pf 2o 
2o1* OultR pfl 3o 
7o3«. GuifR pfl 6o 
12’'* GIfStUt 1 12 
52 
GIfSU pf4itfl 
1o1-4 GulfUtd 
68 
4' ? Gulton 
71* HMW 
35 
HackW 
17 
HrtllFB 
191« HflllPrt 
8oa 
7 x72 
54'} H alllb rt 
111x3o66 651* 
2o'4 H am rIP 1 
9 534 
25 
161» HrtnJSe 1 49p 
2o'4 H anJIn 1 «8*- 
4’-4 Handimn 7o H 
19'« HandyHa 8o 8 
22’ } Hanes 
1 36 
47'4 Hanna 
1 !» 
31 
H a rB rJ 1 44 
8 
Hardees 
16 
23'* Harman 
5(to 
161* Harnishf 
1 
131* Harrah 
4o 
32 
H arrBk 1 66 
28 
Harris 
8o 
24' « Har«4Co 1 4ob 
11’* HartSM * 
77 
S '4 HarteHk 
75 11x714 
17 
HattSe 1 44a 12 
43 
23'4 H aw iiEI 1 88 8 
198 
16 
HayesAlb 1 7o 
6118 
8’ }H a ?e ltn lOe 
6 
34 
24 
3ot 
8o 
1 2o 

8 
H**rks 
11' * HeclaM 
151% HeiIm B 
M 
Hein/H 
28’ 4 Heinr pfl 7o 
4'-4 HeleneC 
5 
17'} Hellerlnt 
1 8 
3o' } H elm erP 28 12 
1' 1 HemCap 
8 
Hem lnr 66e 
18’ 4 Herrules 
19 
Hershey 1 17 
8 
Hesston 
16’4 Hestn pfl 6o 
221-4 Heublin 1 37 
68'« H ew ltPk 
4o 19 1959 
6 
HghVolt OSe 18 
756 
19-.Í HHIenbd 
82 8 
77 
19'-* HiltonHtI 97 8 567 
3o'B Hobart 
1 11 
574 
6 
Hoff Ele 
24 
7 
1o6 
11'* Holiday 
46 
9 1973 
3o1-4 HlidyA 1 7ot 
77 
2o'b HollyS 
2 4o 11 
443 
34'} Homestk 
1 18 919 
72'4 Honda 
15r 15 
1o5 

366 
796 
74 
34o 
36 
738 
397 
225 
313 
9 
11 34o9 
7 
119 
121 
29 
9 1779 

171% 
22'/4 
5 1 * 
27'4 
25 
52’% 
321% 
8’% 
3314 
22’% 
161% 
32»% 
381* 
27'-} 
I 2V4 
28 
171% 
2 4 '4 
171* 
9 1» 
9 
12'/} 
19’% 
3o'4 
79’4 
61* 
19'-} 
3A'-j 
114 
8v% 
19'% 
19’/« 
9’% 
17 
25 
78 
8’4 
2o1* 
22'4 
23 
61* 
13'.% 
221% 
24 
39 1% 
23 
43'/ Honvwll 16o 
9x 2338 51'} 
3o*4 HoovBR 1 12 
1V(> Horizon 
13'> HospAtf 32b 
12’% HospAff wi 
211'4 HospCpA .4o 
9*11 Host Inti 
44 
15’-4 Hoiidall 
<>oa 
Houdpf 
2 15 
HodoMif 
84 
HousFiib 32 
Hoii",hF 
1 2o 
MomF pt? 37 
HouF p«2 5o 
Housind 1 76 
77'* HoiisNO 
7o 
9'* How lOhn 37 
15’/4 Hubhrd 1 2o 17 
1o1 
16 
Hcdm A 
«o 1o1 
14 
16’4 HtidsnB 
8o 1o1 
8 
6'4 HuqhHat 
4o 
8 
116 
34 
HunhsT I 
5o 13 1515 
141* Humana 
5o 
9 
7o» 
1"% HiintCh 
34 12 
473 
13 
H uttnE» .6o 
4 
39o 
171* Huyck 
6o 12 
17o 
211* ic in d s 
1 52 
7x513 

26 
21’ 4 
22’ » 
12’% 
52'4 
12", 
7’« 
21% 
37 
181* 
2o'4 
6o’» 
23’% 
17 
2o34 
5 
21'» 
24 
52 
31 

3!'/^ 
2o'-» 
16 
32 
,1614 
2614 
12'/4 
26’4 
17'} 
23'} 
1614 
9'% 
8H 
111* 
191» 
29''} 
78'} 
6 
1814 
34'4 
1' } 
8"} 
18'4 
19 
9 
161* 
231* 
73'% 
7'4 
19 1* 

6’-4 
12'» 
2114 
2o V« 
371* 
221* 
49’% 

26’ .>- 2 
23’4 - 1'4 
22’>- 11* 
13’-«- 
'-« 
S2'-4 4 11* 
13'-4- 
’% 
7'-4- 
’ » 
2’% ~ 
37'»-* 
H 

181%- 
1 
2o1% 4 s* 
61 
- 41* 
241*— 
1 7 - 1 * 
72 
4 
1» 
S'/4— 
'-* 
2I I 4- 
1 
24 
- 
’% 
52'>- 
’ } 
31 
- 1"} 
8' 
33’4 - 
21 
- 
16M) 4 
1-4 
32 - 
>/4 
371%— 
1* 
27’ /+ 
'* 
12'/» 
. 
26’4— 11* 
I 7V4 4 
’4 
2314— 
’ 
17’/. 4 
’■» 
91 «— 
1* 
8’/*— '4 n ’%— i* 
191»- if, 
29''}— 
78’%— 1* 
6 '4- 1. 
18’'*— 
34'->— 
V r ~ '» 
8'-r— '* 
19' »— 
''r 
19 - i> 
9 
- 
-14 
161*— 
1» 
23'-.— 1'% 
73'4- 4V4 
7 V - 
V. 
1914 — 
1* 
2o14- I' -s 
211%- 1<B 
61%— '4 
12'J- ’ } 
22 
- 
1* 
2o'-.4 
38^%- 
22l%~ 

1* 

11 

1 
1* 

ZS1-. 

7'* 
19'» 
43 
34 
3o 

 x125 

1614 
171* 
17’ « 
11 
4o1% 
161* 
11’4 
141% 
131» 
7614 
47 
42’ 8 ICind pf3 5o 
1oo 
IC In d p f 
6 x5 118 
4 * IC N P h a 
49 
416 
5'4 
4o'% IN A rp 
2 3o 11 1129 
181* INAIn 
1 59a 
*76 
11’4 lUlntI 
9o 
8 977 
37’ } lUInt A 
1 
18' } lUint pf 1 25 
1 
26'-4 IdahoP 
2 16 
9 276 
191* Ideal Ba 1 7o 
9 
267 
86 
Ideal p»4 75 
2 
7’ } IdeaT ny 
32b 
.5x198 
25'B IllPowr 2 2o 1o 1 311 
2 4>-4 IIPow pf2 o4 rS61o 
78 
IIPow pt2 35 
48’% llPnw pt4 12 
45 
IIPow pf378 
52i* IIPow pf4 4/ 
21'-4 IT W 
56 
14 
141* ImplCpA 4o 
26'} INCO 
1 4oa 
6’ } in rC ap 
9'4 InrCCu 
88e 
77’ } IndiM pf7 o8 
82’ } IndiM pf7 76 
93'} IndiM pf8 68 
117 
IndiM pf 
17 
24'-4 IndiGas 2 12 
23 
IndpIPL 19o 
16 
IndlNat 1 2o 
11’ 8 InexcoO .OSe 
65 
IngerR 7 8o 
45 
IngR pf2 35 
251* InindCnt 
1 1( 
421* InlndSti 7 6o 
14’* Inmont 
8o 
131* Insilco 
88 
173-4 Insil pfAl 25 

374 
72oo 
217oo 
Z3oo 
72 
741 
1151 
5o 
48 
2o9 
1o4 
729o 

46'% 
191/4 
12’% 
36 
2o 
38V4 
21’ } 
92’ } 
81-4 
26'4 
26 
29'4 
5o 
4714 
54 
2414 
151« 
28'} 
7 
1o'/4 
81 % 
89''» 
95 

16'4 
17'« 
17'% 
1o’% 
3814 
151% 
131% 
13'/} 
I 2V4 
25'4 
4514 
113 
S' * 
*51» 
I 8I 4 
12'4 
36 
2o 
271% 
21 
92 
7’% 
25'/} 
25'4 
29 
.5o 
46'-} 
54 
23'% 
141* 
26’% 
614 
1o'% 
8o 
88 
94 
Z63o H9'4 118 
25'/i 

16'.,4 
17'»— 
17'%- 
11 
4 

15'-,- 1'.% 
13 V - 
1* 
131%-- 1'% 
1214^- isi%— 1 
45’%— 
113 
- S' t 

51*— 
45'-»— 
I 8V4— 
12i%-- 
36 - 
2o 
- 
271/4- 
211»— 
92 
- 
8'% 4 
26 - 
25'', 
29'4 + 
.5o 
471/4 
54 
2 4 1 4 4 
141%— 
7;>/«_ 
6I 4- 
1o'-*- 
8o’% 4 
88 
94' }— 
119'4 + 
251%- 

'% 

1* 

'/} 

’% 

 l i 

1’% 

High U w 
19 
11. 
16' » 
13 
71* 
24 
7’-» 
13’ } 
14H 
.3o'* 
6’% 
37'* 
71’ 4 
22 
5'4 
12 
35'} 
97'* 
48' 4 
39 "4 
77’ ; 
19H 
3'-» 
151* 
21'. 
41'4 
21'* 
12' } 
19' , 
37' , 
111* 
17 
23-% 
19' 4 
89 
9 5 
9*'-. 
131'. 
78 
28 
33'} 
17'4 
31'4 
18'* 
27'} 
IS 
371« 
16' - 
9'« 
34 
14 
35’ . 
9 

 l i 'i 
I 
1'% C e h va ily 
13'4 t V In p fl V 
W '% letim n 1 ise 
51% lenn ar 
2 1 ’ ♦ I eoo* 

(h<h ) High Lew la « i Chg 

 l 1 
6 tP s F a y 4ob 
11'4 l e v F d C 
13 
Le vFIn 
7Sa 
25*4 LfviStra 8o 
4 
Le vitjF 
291* 
OF 
1 ^ 
64 
I OF pf 4 71 
18 lib rty fp 68 
2' : L ib rfy Ln 
41« I ibrtyUn pf 
31 
L iggtCtP 2 <iO 
85' } I igqt pf 
7 
36’ .-. lin v E ft I 42 
31’* lln rN a t 1 8o 
65 
LinrNtpf 
3 
18'» Itn cP i 1 72a 
2'4 Lionel 
17"^ Httnnln 
I8t 
17’ }t lt lp f c pf 
36' 3 I fttnn pf 
3 
2o’4 Litton pf 
2 
8’1> Lofkhd 
16'4 Lortite 
7o 
31' 4 loew s 
1 2o 
8'} Lom aFin 5o 
14 
LomM 
91e 
19'* inn Star 1 1o 
17’ * LnqlsLt 1 63 
84’ » L IL pfl 5 75 
89 
LtUpf.18 12 
91 
L it pfK 8 3o 
125’ ; U II ptN 
13 
26' 3 t i l p tr 2 13 
26'* I a ptO 2 47 
23’ * lonqD ’’ 
56 
13’ . 'L ofalCp 
6o 
6 
24' Í Latan d 1 ?o 
9 
14'. LaPacIf 
4o 
8 
24’ 3 lou K G s 1 o2 
9 
11'* Lowi»nM 
6o 13 
27’. I libri w l 1 3o 12 
13’ 
Luf ky .'; 
68b 11 
7'« tudlnw 
1o 9 
75'. I ukenSt 1 «1 
8 
9'4 Lyiii'«. 
TOi 
25’* Lykf~, p (2 W 
6'« LvnCSvS 
W 1o 

4 il 
132 
6 
716 
123 
1S5 
138 
6« 
25 
6 1138 
11 3434 
6 .537 
9 
7 
99 
27S 
17o 
9 
139 r17o 

18 
1'^ 
IS " } 
1o1% 
7’* 
22’ } 
6’% 
1214 
131« 
291% 
4Vi 
31'> 
651« 
21'4 
4'% 
11’ » 
31'% 
9o** 

171/4 
IM i 
15 
1o'% 
61% 
2 m 
« 
12'% 
131* 
271* 
4 
291% 
6414 
2o'4 
4' H 
1o 
31»% 
9o 

— 1 

17 V..* 
IH - 

 io ’% - 
't 
* 1%— 
** 

7T >t* 
1* 
6'4— 
’ 4 
12'% - 
1« 
131" ♦ 
'% 
28 
- 1'% 
4'%— 
2 9V - 2 
64 V - 11. 
7o'>~ 
1’} 
4'% ~ 
'.4 
1o 
- 1 
31’ } 
9o'% * 
1* 
12 2391 
37'* 
34'* 
34’V - 
1 , 
8 1776 
39'4 
34V 
36V- 
?i- 
79 
77 
73’ » 
73’ r- 
4 
3o 
19'* 
18V 
181. - 
’ 4 
7 
173 
3 
7V 
2"* 
11 
.4S7 
13'-. 
12V 
12V- 
V 
6 
18 
I7V 
17V - 
'•4 
? 
1o 
4o 
4o 
4 
' » 
21»* 
71 
21V4 
'% 
4 1691 
11V 
11 
11 
— 
1. 
12 
1o5 
17V 
17 
17’% - 
'% 
« 
319 
32V 
31'/» 
.11’ * - 
1' . 
8 
193 
9V 
8V 
8’% - 
1. 
47« 
17 
16 
16V - 
'» 
9x318 
21', 
21 
21 
4 
'* 
7 
941 
19 
W V 
18V- 
'4 
5 
87'» 
87’ » 
87'3.- y 1o3o 91 
9o 
91 
- 
1’* 
»3o 
91’ » 
91’Tí 
91’ }♦ 
¡3 y17So127V 125' } 176V. i 
31 
76’* 
26’ > 
2 6 ',- 
'4 
32 
37V 
77’% 
77'4 
15 
J38 
75’'. 
24 
74 
- 
I V 
164 
2565 
1149 
719 
141 
841 
467 
1o3 
79 
627 
164 
7S 

163« 
26'* 
15’% 
76 
13’ « 
.3o'4 
151» 
*'■. 
79 14 
1o'* 
76'} 
8 

15 
24' ? 
14'; 
25'} 
12'} 
291. 
14' , 
» 
77’ . 
91. 
75’ 7 
7H 

1.V» 
1o 
MBPIC 
4oh 
4 
7o 
43'4 
.16'» MCA lb 
9 
9o6 
5'» 
4 
M E I 
S 
186 
J T 3 
13'« M G IC 
7o 11x1189 
13' 
7'* M at Af 
6ob 72 
95 
6V 
I ’-* Mar Don ine 
5 
119 
6V 
S '. Mar ke 
36 
6 
7o 
1o'4 
8’ } 
M arm ili 
SO 
7 
717 
19 
17 ’ 4 M fm i pfl 2o x5 
37 
31V M ary 
1 5o 
7 
617 
55 
13'» 
51 
111. 
M acypf 
MadsF d 
4 2.5 
83e 
T45o x361 
1o'4 
5 
MadSqO 
M aglcff 
Mallory 

1o 
7 
11' > 
9 
«1 
7x391 
44’-* 
33 
1 3o 14 
38o 
75’ } 
77 
MalonH 
68 
1o 
247 
9'4 
71» Manhin 
7ob 
4 
175 
41'* 
.14’ -4 MfrHan 
1 97 
7 
364 
17'* 
1o' 3 M APCO 
1 1o 13 7o91 
18'. 
17 
M aratM 
5o 
5 
349 
59 
17V MaratO 
7 3o 
7 1799 
7o 
16's Mammt 
6o 
6 
1S8 
11'j 
1o 
M ,irM ld 8o 
9x42o 
151» 
17 
M ar ioni. 
56 
9 734 
61'4 
45'P M arley 
1 3o 
8 
394 
11 
9’ . M irriot 
7.S* 
1o 7919 
61 
53’ 
MrshM 
3 1o 16 
S3o 
21 
17'« Mar^hf 
1 >4 
9 
584 
39'4 
23'1 
M artM a 
1 1o 
7 7943 
7o'* 
13', M aryK 
.1o 
11 
66 
3o’* 
23 
MrldCu 
66b 
8 
134 
26'-» 
74' } 
1 4 V , 
23'« 
18'.. n '* 
261. 
7 1. 
32'» 
26 
31* 
X5'% 
7o'* 
S6'* 
5.1' 

18' ; MascoCp 7« 11 1627 
171» Masonit 
6o 11 
694 
12'4 M-isM 
1 He 12 
1o4 
1714 M a s '.yf la 
15’* M asf p 1 57 
11'* Masinc 
®6r 
311« MatsuE 
33e 
5 
Mattel 
21’-* M ayDSt 1 16 
23’ } MayerO 
8o 
3 
M aysJW 
78'} Maytq 1 sai 
15 
M rto rd 
84 
4.T -4 AAf rer 
1 6o 
.37'4 M cD fld 
7o 

11' J 
4o’* 
4’ ) 
IS'% 
17V 
6V 
6 ’ 4 
9’» 
19 
34V 
54 
1714 
9V 
1o’ * 
14 V 
23’4 
9 
17 Vi 
44' > 
17"» 
5o 
17 

’ ?7 \ 
6 I '4 
9V, 
6o'4 
18'* 
29'4 
14’ } 
25'4 
19 V4 
IS '* 
13’* 
33'» 
16V 
11 

4 3846 
136 
*135 
9 
24 
7 1168 
7x1o56 73 >* 
9 
4o7 
24'« 
12 
4o 
17x269 
7 
456 
4 1987 

3 
31 
2o'4 
5514 

1o’% 
39'% 
4'% 
14'4 n v 
5V 
6'* 
9 
18'4 
34 
S3 
12'-* 
9'4 
9', 
39V 
22V a v 
36V 
42’% 
16V 
47V 
16V 
111« 
12 
.59"} 
9V 
58V 
17V 
27’/* 
14'% 
23 
19'* 
17V 
13V 
2o'% 
16 
11’4 
21V4 
6V 
21’% 
23'} 

 h 
52 
4oV 

15 
- IV 
24V - 
2 
14V.- 
V 
25 V - 
’ ; 
1 2 ',* 
'4 
3o'} 
'4 
15 
- 
'. 
8 
- 
’ 4 
27' ?- 7 'i 
9U ~ 
1* 
75V- 
’ * 
8 
* iR 

11'* * 
'* 
3 9V - I V 
4‘*+ 
'* 
14'4- 1 
11’* - 
’ 4 
6’4 
6’4 - 
'* 
9'* - 
V 
18’ 4 - 
V 
341. - 
V 
53'4 4 
'. 
12'*- 
V 
91 *4 
'* 
9V - 
'4 
4o 
- 4V 
22 V — 
' > 
8'.- 
’ » 
36’*^- 1 
43 
- 1 
16",- 
48V - 1 
1614 - 
V 
1 1 V. - 
1 -4 
12'4- 
V 
59’-*-- 
"f 
9'} - 
'. 
58'»- 1' h 
I 7I 4 - 
'. 
78 
- 
1 
14'-* - 
V 
74 
- 1 '* 
1 9',- 
'4 
17’-.- 
', 
131. - 
'* 
2o V - 2V 
16'%- 
'4 
111-4- 
1^ 
71V- 
'* 
6’ »— 
'4 
22 
- 
V 
2 3 '}- 
V 
3 
— 
' » 
29V- 
V. 
19’%- 
1 
52'4 - 3V 

S lo c k S y m b o ls 

 i'Wies figures «t-e uoo»flcl«l 
Unless oth# rwlse not«d,r«tMO#dlvl€ l*r»o*tnth#»ore- going table are anoual dltburs«m*n»s b«M d on thelasf ttiarteriy or s*m l^iw u«l d»clw»tk>n. Sp»cl® l «* « t r a dividends or payments not designated as regular a rt identified in the following footnot«s 
* a 
Also extra <?r extras b Annual rate stock dividend r --liqu Ida ting dividend •—Declarad or paid 
In preceding 12 months i- Declaredor paldaftersto<rk dividend o splitup.j - P aid thl»year,dlvldendom ltted, 
«»'ferred or no action taken «t last dlvldetid meeting. 
K 
Declared or paid this year am accumulative iviue with dividfT idsinarrears n 
Hew issue r -Declared or p^tdinprpreditig 12monthspiu»stockdivid*nd t - P aid in stock In preceding 12 months, estimated cash value 
T »iex dividend or ex distribution date 
* 
E * dividend or ex rights y 
E * dividend and sales in tuii 
1 
Sales in full fid-C alled wd-liVhen distributed wi 
When issued ww - With warrants xw 
Without warrants «dts— E* distribution v| 
In bankruptcy orrecelvershiporbelngreorqanlred i»ider the Bankruptcy Act, or securities assumed bv 
Mich fpmpanies 
< Where a split or stock dividend amounting to 25 per 
I ent or more has been paid the year's high low range 
<irid divid'^nd are shown for the new yfocK only 

’* 

7 
167 
27V 
74 V 
27V4 
2'-3 
24'/^ 
191 « AAr DonD 
5o 
8 1563 
73 
71’% 
271. - 
14 
147 
2 
I V 
I V - 
V 
23 
18'-. 
MrDonh 
9o 
6 
84 
19V 
18'4 
19 V 4 
I „ 
8 
96 
2o’% 
18V 
18V- 
2'% 
33 
38’* M rG Ed 1 fß 
9 
775 
31'} 
.1o'% 
3o 
1'4 
7 
13 V 
17’/% 
12’* 
18' 4 
15V McGrwH 
8o 
1ox9o4 
18 
17'% 
17V- 
V 
8 169 
23'» 
72'4 
22'/4- 1’4 
3o 
36'} M GH rf 1 7o 
18 
79'> 
78'4 
78'»- 
1'. 
6 
1o7 
1T 4 
1o'/} 
1o'?- 1 
34' 4. 
78'4 
Mr Infyr 
1 
5i176o 
33'» 
32 
37 
- 
1 
6 
251 
17'-, 
16V 
16'4- 
’% 
7o' 
15'} M rK « ’ 
1 
6 
7o 
18V 
17V 
17'-4- 
V 
7 
27'/» 
27', 
27"} 
76' 4 
7o 
M cLean 
46 8x757 
77', 
21'-} 
72 t 
' II 
8 
27 
17V 
17'} 
17'>- 
’ 4 
18' } 
13 
Me Lout 
■‘S i 
9 48o 
14V 
14'* 
14''«- 
'* 
7 
246 
8 
7'* 
7'-.- 
V 
17' } 
11 
M fN cll 
5 
49 
11’% 
11'* 
1I'% - 
8 7585 
7o'4 
19’ > 
19V— 
' } 
74 
18'* Mffadfl» 
Mea pfA7 
1 
6 
765 
32 V4 
71’% 
21’ .^- 
’-B 
« 
44 V 
1:1 I t 
4314- 
1 
61 
49'4 
8o 
1 
57^4 
571.4 
S7 V4 - 
I V 
17 
34'» 
34'/4 
34'-4- 
1* 
61 
491 , m p .i p tB iao 
8 
58'.. 
57 
57 
- 
3 
8 1414 
33 
31'4 
31’%— 
3.4 
33 
37'} Mt^dusa 11 6o 
7 *75 
31 
79'} 
77'>- 
' } 
1o 1o21 
3o'4 
79'* 
791/4- 
V 
27’ ’* 
19”» 
M«lvil!o 
96 
8 1761 
2o V . 
19'% 
7o'4 - 
V 
8 1244 
1o 
9', 
9'«- 
'% 
16 
35 V 
Merc Str 
8o 
7 x75 
36'4 
35 V 
34 

1 
8I4 
36'-. 
5 '. 
31'8 
286'« 245 
22' 
37’ « 
44'% 
21'8 
2o'« 
69V 
6V 
35V 
1o5 
65 
6o''4 
59I 4 
65'4 
43 
63'4 
32 
83'4 
353. 
18 
27'4 
714 
2714 
17V 
23'» 
28 
26'4 
22V 
6I 4 
18 
161% 

InstlnvT r 
Inteqon 
36 
Interco 
1 8o interctDiv 
Intprlak 2 2o 
IBM 
1o 
In tFlavF 48 
29’-* IntHarv 1 85 
37’ « IntMinC 2 éO 
13V IntAAng 
2o 
I6I4 IntMulti 
1 
51'4 IntPaper 
7 
5' 3 IntR ectlf 
2o 
31’ 4 IntT T 
1 76 
97 ’ 4 IntT T pfE 4 
59 
IntT T pfH 4 
55’ } IntT T p fj 
4 
53'} IntT T pf»c 4 
61'« IntT T pfO 5 
38 
IntT T pf?25 
W'4 IntT T pf4 5o 
27’ « Intrpce 
1 65 
74' 4 Intrprepf 
5 
28' 3 IntrpGp 1 8o 
161« IntrsPw 1 45 
24'} inPw pf 2 28 
5 
IntrstUn 
74 
191-4 lowaBf 
5o 
15V low aEI 
1 5o 
2o'} low allG 1 84 
26'* lowlll pf2 31 
24’% low aPL 2 16 
2oV low aPS 1 8o 
4 '} IpcoHsp OSe 
14 
MekCp 
12'} ItelCp 
3o 

9 
397 
25V 
25'% 
75V+ 
'% 
7 
74 
17’/» 
17'% 
173%— 
'-» 
27x2432 25 
27V 
22V— 2 
14 
644 
74 
71 
71'4 — 7'/, 
76 
47'4 
46'/4 
46V— 
' s 
3 1o*153 3o 
78 V 
78 V — 
V 
1o 
826 
43'4 
47V 
42'}— 
•V 
8 
788 
21V 
7o'% 
7o3-4- 1 
7 
4o8 
16 
15 
15 V - 
14 
31 
19'.4 
18'4 
18'/4- 1 
24 
91 
25V 
74’% 
25'% 4 
'4 
33 
1'4 
1 
1'% 
7x39o 
1o''» 
1o'4 
1o V 4 
1/4 
7 
4in 
41 
39 V 
39 V — I V 
7 
28 
8V 
8'* 
8'4 
6 
744 
33'% 
31'% 
31’/»- 1'4 
15 4855 249V 245 
245'4 — 4V 
18 
877 
19’% 
18 V 
18'/*- 
1 
6 7o71. 37'* 
36'% 
,34 V - 
' } 
7 
8o9' 47’ « 
41’% 
121»- 
'4 
9 1916 
21V 
19’% 
21'% 4 
1 
7 
113 
18’/« 
18'% 
18 V - 
'% 
1o 4933 
53V 
51'4 
51'4- r 7 

1o4 
S’% 
5V 
S’%4 
V 
8 4571 
34 V 
33 V 
33 " r - 
1 
/lO 1o5 
1o5 
1o5 
4 7’-, 
1o 
63'', 
67 V 
6734- 
1'} 
77 
5814 
58 
58 
- 
1'4 
394 
57’/» 
57 
S7'4- 
' } 
128 62 
61'% 
61'>- 
’/, 
716 
47'* 
41 
41'4- 
34 
139 
67V 
67 
67'4 
7 
27 
791 % 
78V 
781/4- 
' } 
4 
76", 
753/4 
75 V - 
'4 
7 xSS 
34’% 
34 
34 — 
1 -, 
8 
1o8 
17'-} 
16 V 
14 V .- 
•v 
»67o 
25'} 
751/4 
75'} 4 
’ 4 
77x 386 
7V 
6V 
7'% + 
'4 
4 
356 
77''» 
24 
76'>- 
'* 
8 
148 
17V 
17'4 
17V + 
'% 
8 
1o2 
77 
71'/4 
71V— 
3/p 
164o 
77 
76'4 
76’/«— 
'% 
8 
121 
76'4 
75V 
76'-4 4 
V 
8 
135 
71V 
71'% 
71'-4 - 
" } 
9 
.34o 
5'4 
5 
S'% 
19 
2o3 
15V 
14'.'} 
14V— 
’■« 
4 2642 
16'4 
14V 
14V— 1 '} 

J - K 
- L 
19’ , 
15'% .lamesF 
1 1o 
176 
19'» 
18V 
18’'»— 
'4 
17’* 
13'} -Jantfen 
8o 
6 
116 
14', 
13'} 
141-4- 
1o'% 
8 
Japan F 
98e 
JeffPllot 
97 
34o 
8'» 
B'% 
8V— 
1* 
37V 
76 V 
9 
344 
79 
771-4 
28 
— 
V 
46', 
43 
Je rC pf 
4 
711o 
45 
44'} 
44'>— 
''5 
1o4'» 
98'} 
JerC pf 9 34 
1115o 1o31% 1o7'} 1o3 V + 1'* 
9?'« 
87 
,)erC pf 8 12 
»1o 
89'/» 
89’ » 
89’ } 
93 
87 
JerC pf 
8 
7377o 
91 
9o 
91 
4 
1 
91 
83 
JerC pf 7 88 
73oo 
87'4 
87’ 4 
87'/4 - 
2'» 
137 
123 
JerC pf13 5o 
1139o 174 
174 
124 
4 
' } 
115 
1o91-4 JerC pf 
11 
Jewel C 
1 3o 
Zl«o 113 
117'-'} 117' } 4 
2'/j 
26', 
71V 
7 
549 
77V 
71V 
22'*- 
V 
414 
3'4 Je w e lco r 
4 
66 
3 V 
3V 
3 '} 
36 
771* JhnM an 1 «o 
17x1519 .35' « 
34'» 
34'>- 
'4 
78'» 
« '» 
Johns Jn 1 4o 17 1939 
66’% 
64'» 
44’-%- 2 
17 
7 
JohnsEF 
2o1 
712 
7 V 
7 
71%— 
'* 
45'% 
26V JohnCn 
1 4o 11 
491 
45 
43'4 
45 
+ 
'/« 
151. 
17'4 JonLogn 6ob 5 
787 
133% 
I 7V4 
12 V — 
34 
58'» 
S3'} JooCaupf 
5 
717o 
57 
56'» 
54',— 
1Í 
76'% 
19 V Joruen 
1 
7 
94 
74’% 
25V 
26'% + 
77', 
18'% Josfens 
1 
11 
143 
77 
71'% 
77 
+ 
'% 
4914 
4o', JoyMfg 1 3o 
K L M A Ir 
12 
652 
44'» 
43 
43'4- 
31Í 
46 V 
34 
9 
12 
43*4 
47V 
43 
- 
1'% 
4o’% 
2534 Km art 
56 12 7411 
78'/4 
25 V4 
76 V - 2 
4o'» 
37'» KaisrAl 14) 
14 
786 
38 V 
.34 
36 V - 
2'4 
38’% 
33 
KalsrAI wd 
311 
3714 
35’/, 
36 - 
2 
78 
66V Kal 57pt4 75 
7 
78 
7414 
78 
4 
3 
771-4 
68 
Kai 59pt4 75 
2 
75 
75 
75 — 21'. 
76 
64 
Kai 66pf4.75 
7 
74 
7S’% 
75’% 
17V 
9'» 
KaisCem 5o 
7 
287 
11V lOV lO V - i 
17 
914 
KalsCem wd 
6o 
11V 
1o'.» 
1o'»— 1 
17', 
15'» kaiCe pfl 37 
15 
14'/» 
14 
16 — 
1 •; 
37V 
79 
KaiCe pf7 SO 
13 
37 
31V 
31’-%- 
'.'f 
33'» 
38'* kaisrSt 1 5o 
5 
198 
31'/» 
781% 
28'/»- 
214 
37'% 
78V M i v S t wd 
353 
3o’% 
78V 
28 V - 
2^ 
1oV 
8’ » kaneMII 
28 
6 
77 
9’/» 
9'4 
9'4— 
19'% 
17 kaneb 
13 
5o5 
18V 
17V 
17’/*- 
V 
3o’ » 
28’ « kC tyPU 7 46 
7 
439 
3o'% 
29'% 
29'4- 
J/4 
57 
57 kC fÍL pf4Í5 
11oo 
52 
52 
52 
+ 
1» 
58 
53'} k C P L pf4 SO 
75o 
56 
56 
54 
+ 
78'» 
761.4 k C P L pf7 33 
97 
77'/> 
77'% 
27'4- 
'% 
38’-* 
77'-4 kCSoln 
12o 12 x42 
34^» 
35V 
3 5 V - 
1 
17V 
11'4 KCSou pf 1 
717o 
17*'i 
11V 
11’% + 
77 
19’% 
K anG EI 1 76 
7 
134 
71V 
71 
21'-» + 
76V 
2o 
KanNb 1 48 
7 
383 
25’/» 
74'4 
24'4- 
77 
19’% k a n P L t 1 7o 
7x223 
77 
7o’/» 
21'/»— 
'% 
78V 
77 
K a P L pf7 37 
*32 
78V 
77 
27 - 
’/«. 
27 
2514 K a PL pf2 23 
*18 
27 
24'% 
24'%— 
'% 
9'% 
4 '} 
Katyind 
4 
382 
7V 
4'» 
7'% 4 
% 
24 
18V Katy p fl.46 
74 
2oV 
19'/» 
2oV+ 
'% 
8V 
7'4 
K a u fB r 
o6e 
11 
884 
73/4 
71/4 
7M*— 
»4 
18'% 
17 '4 
Kauf p fl 5o 
12 
1834 
18V 
18V - 
'4 
21V 
15V K a week lOe 
1o 
9o 
21'4 
2o'4 
2o V - 
*/» 
11V 
9'» 
Keene 
3o 7x134 
11'-» 
1oV 
1oV— 
'-'s 
14V 
9'% 
Keller 
7o 1o 
171 
13»4 
12'4 
12’-%- 
*/, 
27’* 
» '« 
Kellogg 
1 1o 
Kellwd 
92 
14*679 
7SV 
24'% 
74'/4— 1'% 
15V 
13'4 
S 
1o5 
IS 
1414 
14'/i + 
V 
3o 
23'4 Kennmtl 
96 
1o 
92 
78V 
27 
77 V — I 
3o’% 
75’/»1 Kennet 6oe51*1774 28'/4 
24'/% 
24'%— 2 
24V 
22 
KyUtli 
194 
K e r r G li 4o 
8 284 
24’% 
23'/» 
23V - 
V 
16 V 
17'» 
6*249 
13V 
13'/4 
13V— 
'4 
74'» 
S9V 
KerrM c 
» 25 
12*17341 49 
41V 
41’%— 3 
21’% 
16 
KeystCon la 
KIddeW 1 2o 
9 
191 
14V 
14 
14'% 
3oV 
22'% 
S 
25’/% 
23V 
24'4— I V 
63'» 
49' » Kidde pf2 3o 
3 
49'^ 
49'/» 
49'/i— 
314 
51'» 
47' » Kidde pfB 4 
3 
491/4 
49'4 
49'4 + 
V 
5o’ } 
4414 Kidde ptC 4 
KlmbCl 2 2o 
3 
48V 
48 
48V% 
46V 
4o'4 
8 s a 
44V 
43 
43’4— t'/J 
13V 
11V KingOSt 
« 
7 
195 
17V 
11V 
11V— 
V 
2o’4 
13*4 Kirsch to 
13*118 
15V 
14'/» 
1 4 V _ 
V 
38V 
3o’-« KnIgtR d 
72 
Koahrln 
8o 
11 
78 
33V 

Ì P 

37'4— t 
19'» 
14V 
4 
23o 
17’/» 
14'%— 1’/« 
26V 
21’% Koppars 
9o 
1o 1495 
74V 
22V 
22 V — 17% 
55 
SO’% Kopprpf 
4 
ZSOO 
51'-'1 
5o'% 
SO'%— 
’% 
7’/» 
4'4 Koracrp o7e 
4 
S3 
7 
4V 
7 
+ 
'/» 
48 
43' 
Kraft 
2 32 
9 9o2 
48 
47V 
47V 
14V 
17'% Kroehlr 25« 58 
14 
17V 
12'% 
17'4- 
27', 
73V Krogar 1 44 
7 
212 
75V 
24'/» 
24V— 1'/» 
25'% 
23 
Kubota 
47r 7o 
47 
73>4 
23 
23'4. 
17'', 
17’% K ysor 
8o 
8 *31 
15’/» 
IS'-'» 
15’% + 
' V 
S V 
4'/, t P E C p 
21 
43 
5'% 
5 
S '% - 
’<% 
4'4 
S’% L F E of 
SO 
1 
4 
4 
4 — 
'% 
13V 
9V LT V C p 
4 
S3o 
1o'4 
9V 
9’%— 
V 
18 
14’ » LT V A 
3St 
28 15 
14V 
15 
54", 
SO 
LT V Cp pf 
5 
11 
51 
SI 
51 
74'% 
19V LacG as l 46 
7 
85 
27’% 
22 
27 — 
V 
23’% 
18V Law s«» 1 1o 
8 
4S 
23'4 
22V 
22*4— 
V, 
14'4 
12 
Lan eBry 8o 
L a w trC h 
4o 
8 
1o5 
IJ'/a 
13'4 n '% 
9 
IS 
141 
1o 
9'/» 
" i% 
14'4 
13'4 Laar&iag SO 
34’% LaarS pf2 2S 
4 1o99 
1$V 
14'/» 
14'/h- 1'» 
41'i 
42 
4o'/} 
3* 
38 V - 1’/% 
33*4 
27 
Caasw 
1 « 
1o 
237 
33'« 
31'% 
33 
+ 1 

1 28'/» 
LaadsN 
6o 
9 
74 
23»% 
73V 
23*%- 
1/i 

1 23V 
17 
L e e ^ a 
1 
92 
21'4 
2o'-'» 
2o1%- 

43'. 
21V 
75’ } 
39’* 
4o' 3 
14'% 
79V 
23 
32’% 
44'} 
9 31» 
93 
94'-. 
26 
17'} 
3o 
76'% 
25 
18'« 
17 V 
1 ’« 
37'4 
36'* 
1 JV 
7.3'4 
57 
22’* 
13' 3 
3o’ * 
5o’* 
17’ * 
37'» 
71 
41% 
19’ '4 
7V4 
23'} 
S3'} 
63 
27V 
151. 
1?'4 
88'» 
47'4 
78’ 4 
23V 
11'* 
53’* 
35' 3 
56'4 
3o'4 
13’« 
4'* 
27'4 
S6'* 
48'. 
38'. 
9V 
6I 4 
18'} 
3o'} 
3S'} 
25'4 
17 
13'* 
38V 
23'* 
24V 
9'» 
S7'4 
34V 
14V 
71'* 
13V 
16'4 
141* 
25'* 
27’% 
1534 
29 
25’ « 
38'* 
39V 
27'} 
18'» 
5' } 
7V 
11’ ? 
14'4 
26'% 
16 
76 
57'* 
28'% 
15' i 
7o'4 
51 
45V 
4'4 
45’ » 
28 V 
16'} 
25 
19 
2o’% 
25'. 
23 
23V 
16"* 

SO 
Merck 
1 5o 15 76.39 
17’/. Meredith 
8o 
5*178 
16V Merrl.yn 88 
8 1981 
31 
Mesa Pet 
1o 15 1o36 

5J'4 
21'% 
17V 
35'';- 
37’% 
14'% 
27 U. 
22V 
27 V 
42'I 

33V Mesr pfl «1 
263 
8'* Me*,abi 1 33* 11 
692 
22’% Mesta 
1 5oe 
5 
55 
16 
M f,M 
1r 
9 8o8 
75 
Mt'trnm 1 1o 
5 675 
47 
M tE pfC3 9o 
Il5o 
86 
M tf ptF8 17 y255o 91V 
87’% M tE pfl 8 12 ylOOO 91V 
86' 3 M tE pfH8 32 y 212o 94 
25 
MhCon pf2 o5 
2 
“ 
13’ * M fhG s 1 7ob 
8 *45 
28'-4 MhWi pf7 67 
16 
25 
MhWi pt2 17 
761 
2o'4 M irrowv 
4o 
9 
137 
16 
M id n i 
1 24 
9x157 
15V M IdSlIf 1 38 
9 16o3 
T n M IdlndM 
11o 
28’ B M idlR o 
1 6o 
8 
3n9 
32 
M 'lesLb 1 28 
8 
267 
11’'p M lltBrad 6o 
7 
134 
21H, MinnGs 1 7? 
7 
28 
47' } M inM M 1 7o 15 4799 
2o''4 M innPI. 1 76 
8 
92 
11'-} M irroA l 96 14 x75 
16’* Missnlns 48 
6 
154 
39V« M PacC 
1 8o 
7 
15V /VViPSv lb 
8 
25'b M oPS pf2 44 
62 
Mobil 
3 8o 
7 
21» MnbileH 
14V Mohasco 
9o 
41-4 MohkDta 
21' } MohkR 
1 2o 
36'-, Molycp 
1 2o 9 94o 
49', Moly pf7 5o 
22 
24’% Monrh 1 7oa 
S 
2o 
12V Monogr 
28 
5 
2o1 
8V M onrEq 
3o 23 5134 
72 
AÄonsan 3 1o 
7 2445 
151% AAonDU 2 4o 
8 
89 
24 
M onPw 18o 11 
312 
72 
MontSt 18oa 
*172 
1o 
M O NV 
96r 12 
19o 
4 T * M o o re M 1 l5 6 262 
.3714 MooreM wl 
32 
48 
Morgan 
2 1o 1o87 
211. A6orKn 1 1ob 6 
193 
9V MorseSh 
5o 
4 
76o 
3 V M tijT rA m 
243 
18'* Mor Nor 
1 
8 1378 
.« '4 AAotorola 84 12 2293 
.38' } MtFuel 
2 1o 638 

1195 
8 
79 
35 
7 2526 
355 
8*144 
15 
431 

25'4 
15'% 
78 V 
2S’ » 
23'-. 
18'-4 
16V 
1'4 
37'4 
73V 
17'/, 
22'', 
5oV 
21'} 
12V 
2o'-4 
5oV 
16V 
76V 
65 V 
2V 
15'% 
5'4 
23'» 
52'4 
6o'} 
25’% 
14'/4 
11’ } 
76'4 
38’/% 
25 V 
23'* 
1oV 
52'4 
35 
49 V 
29V 
11V 
4'* 
21'% 
43 
44'4 
28'-4 
9'-4 
6'-4 
18 
18’ « 
34", 
24 V 
16V 
17'4 
35'4 
23V 
23V 
6’% 
52'4 
31 
12 
2oV 
12V 
16V 
12'% 
25 

SOV 
19’% 
16V 
3 4 V 
36'% 
13V 
26'/} 
21V 
25 
42'.«, 
9o V4 
91 V4 
94 
2-5'4 
14V 
28’', 
25V 
71 
17 
16'% 
1 '% 
31'/} 
27 V 
12'% 
71’/} 
47'/, 
2 1 '/% 
12 
19'% 
48V 
16V 
26'/4 
63’% 
2V 
14V 
4 V 
23'4 
49V 
58 V 
25 
13'/» 
9'» 
72 
36V 
24V 
27’% lO V 
49'/} 
37V 
48 V 
77 V 
11'% 
314 
2oV 
38’4 
411/4 
27V 
8V 
6 
17 V 
I 71'} 
31V 
24'/} 
15 ’% 
I I 1/4 
34'% 
21'% 
2 1 ’/« 
6 V 
5o 
29’/* 
11V 
19V 
12 
16'% 
12V 
24 V 

1’% 
’% 
3V 

'% 

1- 
V 

24'* MtStT el 1 88 1o 
15o 
7V Muntord 
4o 12 
194 
5' } Munfd pf 4o 
28 
16 
Munsnq 1 o6 11 x43 
17'} MurphC 1 28 
6 
129 
27V MurpOii 
8o 8 
634 
18'* M urryO 1 3o 
8 
17 
151« MutlOm 1 37 
88 
9 
M yersL 
4o 1 4 
785 
37 
NCR 
8o 
9 16o6 
19'* NLInd 
1 2o 9 1o11 
2o>4 NLT 
76 
7 983 
6' } N VF 
2 45t 
7 
179 
45’4 N ab ivo 2 52 11 
911 
27'4 NairoCh 1 1o 13 997 
11'* NarcoScI «) 
7 
85 
15V NashuaC 68 
9 
36o 
1o'% Nat Airi 
5o 11 
178 l4 '}N A v ia 
77e 
369 
12’ 4 NatCan 
57 
S 
361 
23 
NCan pfl 5o 
33 
I 5I 4 NtChem 48 1o*363 
16''} 
15'-» 
8'% NtCilyl. 
6oe 
7*779 
14V 
12'', 
25V NatDetr 1 57 7 
23' } NatOISt 1 6o 
7 
37 
NDist pf7 25 
2S'4 N atFG 2 16 
6 
Ì5 V NtFGpf 2 3o 
15'* NatGyp 1 o5 1o 
3’ « NatHom 
6 
Natind 
3o 
4 
1o 
NIInd pf 6o 
13'* Ntind pfl 25 
17’ « NMdCr 
74 9 
12V NAAcdE 
44b 
7 
19' } NMineSv 
5o 11*645 
46'. NatPrsto 
3 
6*2o9 
16', NtSomiC 
21 1794 
11V NSvcInd 
87 
8 
32o 
16 
N 'tand 
1 o4 
7 
64 
43' } NStarch 1 o8 12 
124 
37 
NatlStI 2 5o 
9 1153 
3V Nat T ea 
19 
33V Natom 1 6ob 
4*761 
2S' ■ Natm pfl 6o 
* 222 
13' } Neptune 
5o 1o 
91 
22’ 4 NevPw 
1 76 
7 
76 
17’ I N evP pfl 6o 
14oo 
19 
N evP pfl 74 
11o4o 
23'} N evP pf2 3o 
1 134o 
2o V N evP ^ 1 95 
25 
21'4 N E n q o 1 94 
9 317 
15'% N E n G E 
1 36 
7 
97 

48o 
968 
1 
114 
47 
581 
197 
31o 
2 
9 
342 
184 

27'% 
24'% 
37 
27'% 
26’% 
16''» 
4'% 
6'» 
1o 
13V 
19’« 
15'% 
22V 
56'/» 
19 '% 
14 
17'4 
47(% 
38'/% 
4 
38'% 
27’% 
15'% 
22V 
18'% 
2o'4 
24'-'» 
21V 
23V 
16 

26'% 
23V 
37 
26V 
26V 
15’/% 
3’'» 
6'% 
1o 
13V 
18'i 
14 
19'/} 
S2V 
18V 
13V 
16V 
44V« 
37 
3’'/« 
35V 
26'/» 
15'% 
22-V 
17 V, 
19'/» 
24'/% 
21 
22V 
IS V 
1o7'} 1o4'} N E G pf9 8o 
1 23o 1o6'% 1o4'/» 1o4 

5o’4— 2V 
19’-%- 1'4 
16V- 
'* 
J 4 V - 1’% 
3 6 V - I V 
14'% 4 
’% 
26'/.— 
V 
22'% 
25 - 2' } 
47' » 
91V 4 
91V 4 
94 
4 
2.5'4 
14 V 4 
28'/I— 
251%-^- 
21 
- I V 
17 
16'4 
V * 
31' ?- 
22’'*— 
12''i 4 
21' 3— 
47' } - 3'/» 
21'4 
12'-4 4 
19’% - 
48V - 
16V— 
26'} 
64 
— 1"« r> - 
14'4- 
4 V - 
23'-4 
5o 
— 2'/} 
5 83 4 - 21 
25 - l4 
1 
3 
' V 
11'%4 I V 
72'4- 4'4 
37 
- 1'% 
24 V.- 1 
22''* 4 
'% 
1o'} 
5o'-4- I V 
3 7 V - 2'% 
48^4- 1'4 
77'%— 1'4 
11'} 
3 V - 
'/4 
21 
38'4- 4V. 
41'/4- 3'4 
27"*— 
I* 
9'% 
6 
- 
'4 
17V - 
'« 
17' >- 1 
31V- 3 
24'>- 
'4 
16 
— 
'.* 
1 1 '/ , - 
'% 
34'4 - 1 
2 1 '/ j - 2 '* 
21’/% - I V 
6 V - 
'* 
51’/« 4 I V 
3o 
- 
' } n '% * 
'% 
19V— 
H 
12'4 
16'4- 
V 
12V - 
'/ 
24'%+ 
'-* 
1 5 V - 
V 
13'-r- 
V 
26V-- 
’% 
2 3 V - 1'* 
37 — 
V, 
26’/»- 
V 
26'% 
16 
- 
V 
3’% - 
'% 
6 '% - 
'% 
1o 
— 
13 V - 
18'/»- 
'/» 
14'/4— 
’', 
2o V - 
11-4 
52V - 2V 
18 >4- 1'% 
14 
16V- 
'/} 
44’/ 4 - 3 V 
37 — 
'% 
3’% 
3 S V - I V 
26V— V 
15V— 
27'/». 
17'/» — 
19'/»-- 
24’4 + 
21 
- 
2 3 '4 + 
5’% + 

'4 

'% 

31 
36V 
31'» 
7o 
48'4 
1o4 
25 V 
2o’% 
3o 
92'. 
16'» 
41 
42 
46 
48'» 
56 
6o' » 
121 
114 
9o 
11 
31'4 
31 
37 
2714 
281-4 
56'4 
S 
36 
4", 
IV 
111-4 
2oV 
48'4 
93V 
1o3' » 
3o 
47'} 
53 
52 
87V 
1o1 

? 2 
S’% 
49’% 
3oV 
57V 
39V 
39'4 
S7V 
34 
128 
28 
13’% 
3oV 
39 
2o'% 
' 44 V 
32V 
22''» 
19'» 
2o’% 
44 V 
17V 
29'% 
1S'% 
46 
93", 
91'/» 
28'4 
29*4 

29V N E n P pf2 76 
32 V NEngT 
2 6o 
27’% N V S E G 2 4o 

45 
6S 
219 

3o'4 
34 V 
29'/} 

79*4 
33'/} 
28V 
1 ?'^ - 
2B'/i 
191 » N V S E G wl 
53 
19V 
19V 
19V- 
'% 
47'4 N Y S E Pf3 75 
11o4o 
45 
44 
44 
- 2 
98'» 
N V SE pf8 8o 
V37o 1o1'4 
99 
99 
- 
'/» 
23 >4 N Y S E Pf2 12 
*5 
75 V 
74'/» 
74'./, 
15 
Newhall 
56 1o 
178 19 
17 V 
17’/»— 
V« 
73'» Newmt 
1 4o 15 143o 
75 
73'/» 
24'%- 
V 
73 
Nwmt pf4 5o 
77 
78 
73 
74 — 4'% 
14 
N la M P l 34 9*1179 
15’% 
1 5 '/4 
15'4 — 
'/» 
37 
NiaMpf 
3 4o y2o 
.19 
39 
39 — 
'.» 
38V NiaMpf 
3 6o 
V7o 
4o'/» 
4o'4 
4o'4 — 
'4 
47 
NiaMpf 
3 9o ylO 
47V 
47V 
42V 
45 
NiaMpf 
4 1o yS3o 
46’% 
4S'/, 
44’% + 1 
57', NiaMpf 
4 85 
VTOO 
53 V 
53V 
53V— 1 
57', NiaMpf 
5 75 yllO 
58'4 
58 
58'4- 
V 
I IS 1 , NiaMpf 11 75 yl73oll8 
114 
118 
+ 1'/} 
1o91 » NiaMpf 1o 6o y35oo117 
11o 
111'%4 
'/» 
84 
NiaM pf 7 7 7 y472o 87 
86 
87 
- 
1 
1o1* NIagShr 97e 
1o7 
1o’% 
1oV lO'/i— 
V 
77V Nifor 
7 37 
7 
7o5 
79V 
79 
29 - 
1 » 
8 
8 814 
6 
111 
7 
441 
12*1o4 
24o 
7 
18o 
5 S49 
24S 
7*1957 11V 
• 1o95 
19V 
7*949 
46'/» 
73o 9o 

9 9*4 
773o 
117o 
IlOO i l i o 

55 

27’-» Nicor pfl 9o 
28 
NorfWn 1 76 
17V Norlin 
1.4o 
23 
Norris 
1 
43 
NoACoal .9o 
3V NoAMtg 
311/4 NoAPh” 1 5o 
3 'i NoCAIr 
12 
1 
NoCeAIr wt 
1o V Noe^tUf 1 o2 
17V N IndPS 1 44 
44'% NorNGs 2 o8 
89' » NoNG pfsao 
99 »^« NnNG pf8 48 
26V NoStPw 1 94 
42V N SPw pf3M 
49 
N S Pw p f4 ol 
49 
N SPw pf4 1o 
8o' » N SPw pf6 8o 
9S’4 N SPw pf7 84 
1o3 
N SPw pf8 M 
271/4 fdorT el 
64 
4’% N orthgata 1o6 S7o 
41'-» Northrp 
7 
7*188 
22' » NwstAlrl 
SO 1o 1o14 
49'% N w lic p 1 92 1o 
SOS 
32'% NwtEnr 7 » 
7 
32 
NwtEnr O 7 
7 
43V Nwtind 
2 85 7 
21V Nwstind wt 
98 
Nwtin pf4 2o 
76'', Nw tP pf2 5o 
11’/% Nw M Lfa la 14 
2S' » NwtStW 1 2o IS 
32'/, Norton 
1 8o 
7 
17 V Nor Sim 6ob 
38V NortS pfl «I 
22' » Nucor 
36 
22’ » Nucor wi 
IS 'jO K C 
1 » 
9V Oakind 
SO 1o*S3S 
27 
Oak pf 175 
*36 
14''» OakitaP 
1 9 
25 
B '4 OcciPat 1 25 f 6oo3 
11V OecldPct wt 
564 
38 
O cciP pf2 16 • 
13 
/4V O cciP Pf3 6o 
12 
73'4 O cciP pf 
4 
17 
26’4 O cciP pf 2 SO 
281 
21V Ood*n 
1 2o 6 258 

39'% 
33V 
72% 
28V 
52 V. 
3’/» 
33'^» 
4'/» 
I V 

78’-% 
31 >4 
2o'/» 
26V 
471/4 
31» 
32V4 
4 V ll/t 
1oV 
18’/% 
45 
9o 

28’/»- 
'/4 
31'/4— 2V 
2 o V - I'/« 
26 V — 1'4 
4 7V - 4'/» 
3'.»— 
32'» + 
4 V ~ 
IV 
11 
19'%— 
4 5 V - 
9o 

44'4 
71 
13'} 
18'. 
Ogdn pf 1 87 
OhioEd 
1 7o 
8 
44 
9v 1769 7o'-» 
43'4 
19V 
Vi 
'3 
47'> 
43'> OtiEd pf3 9o 
»11o 
45'% 
44'4 
44'^- 
’% 
S4'; 
19' .■ Oh Ed pf4 4o 
OhEd pf4 54 
779o 52 
51 
51 
— 
'> 
571» 
511. 
7148o 
54 
52'> 
54 
84' ,• 
8o' .> Oh Ed pf7 74 
Z194o 84'K y877o1oo 
82 
84'^4 
V. 
1oo1. 
95'} 
OhEd pf8 64 
98 
99 
4 
IV 
113’ } 11o 
OhEd pf1o 48 yS1o117V 11o 
11oV4 
V 
117 
117'4 OhEd pflO 76 
»44o 113V 112 V 
11JW4 
1. 
91’ } 
96' ; OhPw of8 o4 
Zl8o 89 
87V 
89 
87 '4 
83'. O Pw pfB7 6o 
?6Ioo 86V 
84'-4 
84V 

132’ 
132’ Í 
9 7’ . 
9 o 
19’* 
11’* 
17’* 
14’ i 
)9 '4 li.'J 
3 «’. 
14 
16' J 
1oV 
2 7 ’ i 
18 '4 
13 
33'» 
39 ' 3 
72 
7 9 '* 
9 1' 3 
.W<4 

83'} OPw pfC7 6o 

|7o 1o2'/4 1o2*/4 1o7'4+ 1'/, 

11 

T 2 
915 
117 

27V 
45 
52 
SOV 
84 
97 
1oS 
3oV 
4 V 
44V 
27 V 
51’/» 
38*4 
37'/» 
S7V 
33'4 

27 
43'/» 
$2 
SOV 
84 
97 
1o5 
3o'4 
4'/% 
44'/» r 
J6»% 
34V 
SSV 
31 »4 

27'/»+ 
'% 
4S 
S2 
SO'4 
84 
- 1 
97 — 1 
1o5 
3o'4- 
4'4 
4 4 1/« -. 
» /, 
24V— 1 
SO - I' j 
37'/»- 
>/» 
37'4— 
V 
S S V - 2'% 
31'/»- 7'/} 

17o 
13o 
198 

7 
172 

ISO 

4 12SV 124'-> 125V- J'/4 
27'/» 
12'/» 
27'4 
3714 
19 
41V 
32'/» 
22'/* 
18V 
14'/% 
33 
IS 
27V 
14H 
44 
88V 
84V 

27V 
1J’% 
24’4 
34V* 

11’^ 
29V 
22*/» 
17'4 
13'-% 
36 
14V 
27'% 
13*4 
43 
87V 

1/% 
'4 
26'4- 1 
34V— 
'4 
1 8V - 
'% 
41'/» 
29’/»— 2V 
22'» 
17V- 1'4 
13'/>— 2'/» 
3o — S'4 
IS 
+ 
'/* 
2 7 V - V 
1 3% - 
*% 
43 - 1'4 
88'/»— 
14 

138 
O Pw pfA 14 
137 
OPw pfF 14 
91’ ; OPw pfE8 48 
Il9o 
84 
OPw pfo7 76 »822o 
17 
OklaOE 1 18 9 819 
1o ■< OkIC.E p* m 
18o 
VI 
OklaNft 
2 6 
ISO 
I«'» OlinCp 
1 1o 
7 
259 
14'. O'inkrtt 1 1o 1o 
1o5 
12’* Omark 
77 
8 
156 
17', Oneida 
84 7*121 
13’ti QpHika 
84 
7 
51 
141. OranR k 1 .16 
8 
186 
5'* Oranpe 
7ob 2o 
1’9 
23'* OiitMar 1 4o 6 
732 
16’ * OutlefCo .7o 
7 
1o6 
1oV OverhDr 
5o 
6 
13o 
17V OvernitT 
1 6*768 
72 
OverSh 
3ob 
7 
348 
58 
OweiiCn 1 7o 14 1261 
36'. Owenlll 
9 
748 
85'3 Own 11 p fl 75 
*13 
3o 
Oxfrdind 
'6 
7 
168 

7516o 86 V 
85 
86V 
744o 129’/% 128'4 128’ »•- 
»34o 129 
128V 128V - 
95 
88V 
18 
1o'4 
.151. 
42V 
38'% 
15*4 
19’ » 
13'} 
15", 
6’% 
23’% 
17'> 
12'% 
18'» 
27 V 
7o'4 
38'> 
9o1-. 
28‘ 4 

93 
86 V 
17'» 
1o'4 
34'4 
4o V 
371 4 
14V 
18 
12’% 
15'4 
6'4 
23 V 
16V 
1o’% 
18'» 
76V 
64'» 
27V 
89’% 
27 V 

9 5 
- 1 '} 
87 V + 1 
17 V 
- 
’ . 
1o'. 
.14’ » - 1’ 4 
4oV- 2’ i 
37’ ».- 1's 
14' r- 
18'. - 
13* - 
15' } 4 
6' ?- 
23 V - 
17'«4 
11'-»- 
18V 
26 V - 
V. 
67 V - 7'.. 
27 V - 
V 
9o 
4 
1. 
28' » + 
' « 

’* 

’% 

 l ‘ - Q - R 

9’ , 
7’ 3 P N B 
47e 
16 
7o2 
8V 
7'> 
7 V ~ 
1 
59’ « 
49' 3 P P G 
7 4o 
8 
541 
59 V 
55' » 
55'>- 3 V. 
9's 
1 
PSA 
9 
164 
7V 
7 
7V4 
'4 
11’* 
11’% Par AS 
1 74 
177 
14'-4 
13’% 
13'*- 
V 
34'* 
37'. Pat tie 
7 
7 73oo 
74'« 
73V 
73V - 
' J 
7o 
18'» 
Par I fg 
1 68 
7 
5o8 
18'% 
18'-, 
18' m * 
'* 
JV'» 
Í7 
Pai Lm 
1 5o 13 
173 
33'> 
32 
371* - 
V , 
79’ * 
25'* 
Par Pet 
86 
8 
184 
38’ > 
26’% 
77 
~ I'V 
34’ 4 
31'.- Par Pw 
1 8o 
9 153J 
77V 
27'* 
32' 3 + 
'* 
1«'. 
17'* PacT T 
1 1o 
8 348 
18'-4 
17V 
17V- 
’ * 
83 
76'. 
ParT T pt 6 
»S8o 
77'-} 
76'} 
77'.. * 
'•4 
16’* 
9' b PacT In 
8o 
9 
71 
17'% 
11V 
I I V - 
'> 
8'4 
6'4 
PalneW 
1o 
4 
164 
7 
6'4 
6' ?- 
15'* 
13'3 P a lW pf 
Palm Bf 
1 1o 
67 
14'/» 
14 
14V4 
11’ } 
9., 
6S 
5 
237 
13'4 
17 
17'* - 
1 
4’* 
3 '. Pam ida 
1? 
13 
325 
4>* 
3'% 
4'* 
5'» 
3'* PanAm 
8 1667 
4V 
4V 
4'>- 
19'* 
111. P a n E P 
7 5o 
8 
737 
46 V 
44’% 
45 V - 
'V 
17', 
11'* Paprrft 
8ob 
8 
136 
16 •■* 
15'4 
16 
- 
71’* 
16V Parqas 
1b 
8 
18o 
18 V 
17V 
17’ *^- 
51' 3 
17' ? Parq pf7 64 
7 
46 
45V 
45'-. - 
38’% 
29’ » ParkD r 
TO 
9x784 
37V 
15'% 
35 V - 
2 
27V 
75 
P a r Han 
1 1o*348 
77V 
27 
27'/* - 
'* 

19' 
73'* 
28'* 
52'4 
33 
55 
56 
1o2' Í 
97 
1o8 
116 
1 » '} 
93 
1oo'* 
17'* 
36V 
.\S’ i 
45 ' I 
9 9 
11'4 
5o' J 
8o '-4 
24’* 
21'* 
13' 3 
17' , 
17'-4 
IS'-. 
77' ; 
78’% 
56 
39 
79'-* 
41’ 4 
3o'% 
441-4 
5o'} 
51 
51' 3 
1o4’', 
9o’ . 
1o714 
1o5'} 
89'% 
8» '4 
18’ h 
61 -B e v 
13'-4 
661-4 
39 n ’% 
72'} 
18'; 
7'4 
45 
39'4 
17'4 
7 «', 
77 
37'« 
29'4 
4 '* 
9V 
11'« 
19>% 
38V 
8 
19 1-4 
76'% 
7o'% 

11 
P a trk P 1 25t 27 4315 
14'4 
18'} PayKnw 
5o 7 
1o5 
19V 
31 
Peatwdy 
3o 13 
513 24'% 
D' ; f’eoney 
1 48 1o 2398 
34 V 
2o'. P a Pw L t 1 97 
8 1o29 23 
51 
PaPL pf4 4o l33o 
51'. P a P l pf4 5o rllSO 
97' 3 P a P l pt8 6o 
739o 1o2 
92'/ P a P l pf8 4o 
117o 97 
1o4' 3 P a P l pfV 24 pt 11 pf 13 pf 
8 

S3'> 
S S 'i 

12''J 
18V 
25 
33'% 
22 
52V 
53''» 
1oo", 1o2 
9614 97 

14'* - 
18 V - 
26' * 4 
33'%- 
22’* 4 
53''} 4 
53'}^- 

 pf8 7o wit 1 

11o' 3 P a n 
138 
P a P l 
87’ Í PaPl. 
9S' / Pa PL ll's Pennwft 1 8o 1o 
23' t Penwl pf 1 6o 
79' J Pwin3ol 
1 8o 
19 
Ponni pfl 13 
93 
Penni pfB8 

 t'n PpopOrg 
2o 
« • 4 PPopG-. 3 4o 

»15o 1o6'> 1o6'/, 1o4’ '? 4 
»K 
72oo 113 
112'-» 112'»- 1' 

»688o 
6 *73 
} 
398 
68 
PepsiCo 7 4o 
12 1318 
23'. PepsiCo wl 
16', PerkElm 37 13 
3o * Petinf 
18o 
8 
16' •» Pet Inr pf 8o 
16 
Petlnt pf 1 
11V PetfT PI 
88 
8 
67 
Petrie 
2a 
75 
P»‘trolan 
72 
M'% Petrol pfl 37 
74 
Pf» Res 7 61e 
IS'% Pfirer 
96 
29’/« PhelpD 
17'» PhilaEI 
4o'} P h llf pf3 8o 
47 
P h llt pt4 3o 
47' } P h ilt pf4 4o 
49' , P h llt pf4 68 
93’ , Ph llE pt8 75 
84'V, PhilE p«7 85 lOT , P h llE pf9 52 
1o1 
R iilfi p»9 5o 
83'4 P h ilE pf7 8o 
83 
HiilF. pt7 75 
IS V PhllaSub 88 
51' I Phil Mor 
5 
Philind 

119o 13oV 13o 
7 4oo 92'4 
9oV 
»52o 1oo'% 
1o9 
36'% 
34 
25'4 
8x1589 35 

 t u 
8^% 
48 >% 
7o 
23'/» 
18'4 
31'» 
17 
16'% 
IS V 
72 
27'4 
S3V 
25 V 
241% 
31'4 

154 
7o8 
94 
6 
21 
8 
131 
14 *64 
8 
194 
1 
148 
11 2oo1 
2 3o 14 1649 
1 8o 1o*2746 7o'% 
737o 
15o 
112o 
|3o rS94o 
»956o 

43'4 
47’/» 
49'-'» 
52 
99'} 
88' 

97'% 
35'% 
241. 
33 V 
43 
96'4 
7’% 
47V 
68V 
23'4 
17'4 
31'« 
16 V4 
16 
14'/» 
7o'4 
24'4 
S3V 
24 
25'% 
29’% 
19 
42'/» 
47'-, 
49'4 
51', 
98 
88 

V. 
2 '. 
1 '. 

13o V 4 
9o V .- 
98 
35'>- 
2S'4 4 
'4 
311. - 
’ .- 
4J 
- 
V 
96'j4 
'4 
7’'»— 
'4 
48 
- 
69'%- 1 
23V-- 
'4 
17V - 
V 
31"a 
I6 I4- 
'•» 
16' 4 - 
'4 
14'-*- 1'% 
7o*4- 1'4 
2é>/,- v 
53 V 4 
'% 
24''»— 
'% 

19 V 4 
'. 
43 
- 
'. 
47'% 
49'>4 
1.. 
51'.', 
99 
4 
'■ 
88 
1165o 1o6’% 1o4’/4 1o6'/. 
»6o6o 1o5 
1o3' } 1o4'J 4 
1274o 
»1o 
8 
329 
1 65 13 7769 lOe 
7 
25o 
1o'» Phllind pt 
27 
53 
PhillPel 
2 1o 2764 
37 
PhillPet wl 
17 
U1 
PhillVnH 
6o 
7 *31 
16'4 Pickwick 32 12 844 
15'. PiedNG 1.44 
7 
64 
6'* P ie r i 
2o 13 
187 
\5'« Pillsbry 1 16 11 14oo 
31 
Pioner 
1 44 
8 
232 
11'7 P io n e rE I 
9 
6o 
15'} P itn e y B 8o17*1o9o 19’% 
18'% PittFrg 
8ob 
9 
12 
25V 
" 
- • la 
8 26o8 
28V 
4o 11 6o26 
29'4 
6 414 
3 V 
17 13 691 
8'4 
9 
78 
14'/f 
S 
328 
18’.% 

27' , Pittstn 
19'4 P In a H t 
3'4 PI an« sc 
5V Playboy 
1o'4 Plessey .77© 
15''« Pneumo 
1 

88 
85'} 
1/'} 
55'» 
6 
11'/« 
57'4 
28’/« 
1oV 
72'% 
16V 
6'/« 
34 V 
33'% 
11V 

3o 
Polaroid 
SO 17*4273 31V 
6 
Pondrosa 
11 
616 
8 
17'4 PopeT al 
8o 15 
1 46 
1|V 
3o'» Porter 
8ob 1o 
371 
2SV 
18'* PortG E 1 7o 11 
96o 
19'/% 

•19V 
16'» 
45 
53''} 
49' » 
61'-. 
62'} 
14 
17'} 
93V 
14>» 
33'4 
19'/. 
88 
76’% 
31' b 
46 
11'4 
14-4 
941-4 
111'-, 1o8 
1o6 
1o1 
711-4 
3o’ < 
24 
75'% 
17 V 
5o 
5o 
54 
61' , 
63'« 
35'% 
87'4 
78'/, 

Il49o 114 
84 
28'/» 
9 
.396 3814 
9*1699 15'/% 
S 44'/» 
1341o 
784o 
1114o i7oo 
71 
3 

116' } 11o V PorG p fll 5o 
3f9'4 
77 
PorG pf 2 4o 
.32 
Potltrh 
84 
14'% Potm gl 1 28 
4o 
Pot El pf2 44 
5o' } Pot El pf4 5o 
46'4 Pot El pf4 o4 
57 
PotEI pfS44 
58 
PotEI pfSSO 
12 
Prem ier 
48 9 
14V Prem r pf 9o 
77'} ProctrO 2 6o 14 7o94 
9' , ProdR sh 
48 
8 
74 
76*8 Proler 
1 4o 8 
43 
17 
PSvCol 
1 46 1o 1638 
87 
PSO jI pf7 15 illO 
24V PSCol pf2 1o 
27 
26 
PSvcIn 
2 o4 
9 496 
41'* PSInd pf3 5o 
17'; PSInd pfl o4 
13'» PSind pfl o8 
86 
PSind pf7 15 
PSind pf9 44 
PSind pf8 57 
191/4 PSvN H 
1 88 
28' / PSNH pf2 75 
21'* PSvN M 1 M 
21'» P S v E G 
1 96 
16'* P S F G pfl 4o 
45' } P S E G pf4 o8 
48 
P S E G p»4 18 
49' » P S E G pf4 3o 
57 
P S E G pfSOS y19o 
59' } P S E G pf5J8 y9oo 
24'4 P S E G pf2 17 
78 
P S E G pf6 8o 
26'4 P S E G pf2 43 

53'4 
47V 
59 
59'/« 
14 
17 V 
74'4 
12V 
27 
19V 
84 
25'/4 
27’/» 
42 
12V 
13V 
88’/% 
I9o 111 
/17o 1o7", 1o2 
9 
371 
2o'4 
19’-% 
126oo 29 V 
1o 
34o 21V 
8*7o25 34V 
*14 
14V y 1 ^ 48'/» ylt4o 49V 

|1oo 
7 4oo 
11oo 
11o4o 

87 
8S', 
14V 
53'% 
5 
1o'/« 
SS'-» 
28'/» 
1o 
22V 
14'% 
4'/í» 
JS V 
32V 
11'/» 
18V 
25 
27'/% 
24 
3'* 
4'% 
13V 
17'/% 
3o 
7V 
. 18'/% 
23V 
18?% 
112 
27 
3S 
14’/% 

4 7'4 
S8 
S8'/> 
13V 
17'/4 
73'/» 
11'/, 
24V 
18V 
83'% 
24V 
24’/» 
47 
12'/» 
13V 
84 
111 

1 

''} 

88 
85'/,- 
17'% * 
' 
53'«- 7 
5'-* - 
11 
- 
S6 
- 
28'', 
1o'«- 
22'3 4 
16'?- 
41-4 it 7 
1 1 V 4 
'/4 
18’% - 
’% 
25 
- 
'■» jri/4- 
1-, 
28'4 4 
214 
3'-?- 
'» 
8 
4 
114 
13?%- 
•'» 
17’/*— 1'% 
3o'/*— 1'» 
7’% - 
'« 
18'/» 4 
1* 
24'%- 1'% 
18’/»- 
1/4 
112'%-- 1 ', 
27',-»— 
'% 
35 
- 
4 
IS 
— 
V 

51'-»— 1 
47I/4- 
J 
58 
- 
' 
S8'>- 
' 
13 V - 
17 V - 
74'/'t— 
H '%— 1'4 
24 V - 
' » 
18 V - 
’% 
84 
25 
- 
'/4 
27 V 4 
V 
42 
- 
'/} 
1J'.'»~ 
'4 
13V 
88’% 4 
Ml 
111 
4 

1'4 

28'-» 
21V 
235% 
14'/% 
47>/4 
48'% 

% 

 y451o SOV SO''» 
6o 
62'/» 
S8'/i 
61 

’4 - 
'% 
4'% 
48'4 4 I V 
48'/, 4 
V 
5o V + 
V 
58'-» 4 
V 
41 

13o'} 174'4 P S f pf 17 25 

S . 

85 
151*- I V 
27'/* 
» 
+ 
’-k 

 n 
«'/% - 
HT 

9 41* 
94', 
96 
91 
11o 
6'% 
414 
3 >-4 
3 5 1% 
15V 
19'} 
75'} 
3V 
78', 
76V 
45'» 
114 
21'4 
78'/4 
7'4 
76 
31V 
47 
75 
17V 
17V 
4'.» 
74 
7V 
78 
33’% 
25'/* 
64'% 
21 >% 
3V 
12'4 
22V 
19 V 
1o’ - 
»'/4 
98 
63 
23'% 
41 >4 
3o 
28'4 
11 
19-4 
3 
34'% 
34 V 
21'4 
74V 
21V« 
44'/, 
12'/4 
39'» 

M 
82 
44'% 
94'-» 
41'Í n '% 
14V 
M'4 
2514 
21V 
3oV 
17V 
17'% 
» 
’ 4 
Ili; 
7oV 
119 
16'» 
13'/4 
34V 
85V 
J1 
$1'» 
6’% 
24'/« 
4'% 
7414 
1o'/4 
29 i« 
23 
19'4 
41 
27'» 
11’/» 
15'1» 

« 
P S E G pf7 TO 
»9'4 P S E G pf7 8o 
89 
P S E G pf8 o8 
86 
P S E G pf7 57 
1o4' } P S E G pf9 62 
4'4 Pubickar 
2 '* Pueblo 
3'* PR Cem 
31 
Pu g SPL 2 4o 
31'% Pulimn 
1 32 
16', Puré* 
1 o8 
77'4 Puré* pfl 35 
7V PurItnFa 
2o'% Puroltr 
1 16 
21V OuakOat 92 
58'* OuaO pf 
3 
1o9' , OuaO pf9 54 
15V OuakSfo 78 11 
27 
Quane* 1 2o 
9 
S'-4 Queslor lOr 13 
2oV QuasfrpfA 2 
25'% R CA 
1 2o 
43 
R CApf 
3 SO 
49 
R CA pf 
9'% R T E 
14 
Rals«*ur 
3 V R amada 
13'4 RaneoIn 
4V R apIdAm 
2o 
R apA pf2 75 
29'% R ayb»t 1 5ob 
19 
R aymnd 88 
S4 
R aythn 
2 
16'% R eadBat 8o 
2V Redman 
1o'% ReeceCp 
74 
2o'4 R eevsB 1 44 
16'^' ReichCh 
74 
8'% R ellabSt 
68 
29'4 R elnEl 1 1o 
8o 
R elEI pf 
3 
53 
R e lEI pfl 6o 
18'-} R ellanGp 
1 
35 
R elGp pf 55k 
U '% R elGp pf 6Sk 
M V R e il n p f 2 « 
21o 
7V R epubCp 
8 
1o4 
15'/4 R epFInS 
1 
5 
52 
1'» R epM tg 
47 
28V R epStl 
I 4o 1o*12S3 
3o3/4 R epT a* 1 2o 
8 
132 lS'% R asrvQll 
2o 14 3494 
1S'4 R avcoDS 24 11 1391 
9V R evera 
23 
314 
34'% R evio« 
9o 13 1929 
91 « R exham 
4o 7 523 
37 
Rexnrd 
1 44 7 742 
48 
Raxn pf 2 34 
7 

43'4 R aynln y 28 9 1777 

*151 
75V 
24V 
25 
+ 
'4 
75o 
81 i l 
81 
+ 
'» 
*84 
28 
77 
27'4- 
'% 
V99o 13o 
’i i v 
174 — 
’% 
*155 
91'/4 
88 V - 
V 
*274 
93?% 
91 
91V 4 
V yZSO 
92 
91'/» 
91'/» 4 
'.* yISSO 88V 
87 
87 
— 
2'% y4o 1o8 
1o4'/» 1o4'/» 
355 
4'/» 
4 
4 '4 - 
'% 
148 
4 V 
4 
4'4 - 
'% 
8 
3'» 
3'4 
3 V + 
'-« 
8 
1» 
33'/» 
33'% 
33 V 4 
'% 
13 
474 
32’% 
J I V 
3 7 V - 
' } 
9 
771 
17'% 
14'--» 
I 4V4 - 
'4 

5 
14o 
2} 
22V 
22 V - 
3'4 
3 
3'% 
8*154 
21V 
2o'% 
T O**— 
'/4 

7 
754 
73V 
21'/% 
27V - 
1'4 
59 S8V 
51'/% 
S8'4- 
'.4 
757o 113 
112 
112 
+ 
'/» 

73 
R ay ln p f2 25 
111 
M '4 R eyMef 1 2o 1o 1382 
■ " ....... 
1 
81 
R eyM pf4 5o 
39V HeyM of2 37 
8'4 R eynSa .4oa 
8 
114 
12V RIchCo 
« 
4 
1o1 
181'. R IchM ar 
7o 
8 924 
19V RIChmnd 
1 1o IOSI 
17'-» BlaoelT 1 3o 
5 
18o 
2o'»R ioG ran 
« 
9 
351 
17 » R IoGr pf 8o 
S37 
13'% R lteAíd 
32 
9 
4 « 
18'« RobSbw 1 1o 
11 
147 
71’/» Rofartsrt 1 5o 
7 
24 
1o 
Robins 
37 
9 3 « 
173/4 R ochö 1.2«) 
7 
138 
H4'4 R ochG p fll 
144o 
14'4 ROChT l 
1 
8 
1o7 lOV R otkowr 
74 
5 
121 
3o'% Rockwcl 2 2o 9 1139 
7S'/« R klnt pf4 75 
*11 
2Í 
R klnt pfl 35 
*7 
41V RohmH V » 
72o 
5'-} R ohrind 
1o1 
14'/, Rollln» 
SO 
1o 292 
3'/» Ronsofi 
17 
31 
2oV Ropar 
1 4o 
4 227 
9V R orer 
«O 
9 882 
2o' » Rosarlo 
4ob 
11*398 
14'4 Rowan 
.17 
9 IMS 
14V R oyccol .8o 
8 
143 
51'4 R oyID 3 94a 
S 1S1o 
21V Rubbrm 
.48 12 
84 
1o' » RutsT og 
74 
• 
231 
12V R ydarS 
ISr 
7*1o4 

 i 
24>/4 
24'% 
J4' '» 
28'4 
27V 
27 V - 
'4 
9V 
8V 
8’/»- 
V 
18V 
17V 
17’/»— 1 
I V 
T /» 
1V + 
'% 
! 3o’/» 
28V 
28’/*- 
IV 
32'-% 
31V 
32'% 
2o 
18V 
11’/%- 
1'4 
14'% l i v 
1J’% 
14V 
13'/4 
13'«- 
1'4 
34’/% 
34’/%— I V 
1o1* 
1o*»- 
V 
38V 
37'-% 
3714- 
1'4 
S8 
S4'/4 
54'4— 
V4 
41V 
44 
44 - 
1’% 
SO'4 
79'/% 
79’ » - 
1'4 
42V 
39 
39 — 
3'/» 
91 
89'/, 
9o - 
1'-» 
39'-% 
39'/» 
39'/»- 
'/»• 
8V 
8'A 
8V — 
'4 
15'4 
14 
141/4 - 
1 
21'% 
18V 
18’/»- 2'-4 
251'4 
24 V 
2SV + 
V 
19 
17V l i v - 
V 

79'^ 
28''}— 
1'/» 
Ì7 V 
141% 
14'/»— 1 
14V 
14 
14 
— 
'■'■» 
24’% 
23'/» 
23V - 
1 
23 
221-i 
22 V - 
'4 
1o’/% iO'% 
1o'/«- 
V 
18V ll?'% 
18'%- 
'% 
119 
119 
4 
1 
IS V 
14V 
14'/*— 
*% 
11V 
11 
11V - 
1» 
33’/% 
32V 
33 V + 
V 
83'-% 
82 
83'/» + 
2 
3o 
29V 
3o 
+ 
V 
SO 
47 i f — 3'% 
4'/» 
4'4 
4 V - 
'% 
17'/» 
1; 
17 V + 
'% 
3V 
3'/» 
3'/»— 
'* 
24V 
25'/» 
24V + 
V 
1o5% 
1o'% lo'.>- 
'% 

 p :;: 
22»%+ 
21'-4- 
V 
1'/» 
14 
S4*4 
14V»_ 
S 4 V - 
22'/»+ 
1'4 

 f r a 
'/» 
1o'% 
1o’/» 
1 14'/4 
13V 
1 JV — 
V 

LDued; o n P a g e t w ; 

C o m p l e t 
« n a t i o n w i d e 
C 
N 
» m p o 
8 i t e p r i é e s 
American stocks 

E x c l u s i v e i n 
S a n 
A n t o n i o 

A - B - C ^ 

N E W Y O R K (A P S 
T ra d in g fo r th e w e e k in A m e r ica n 
S tock E x ch a n g e is s u e s : 

Y e a rly 
S a le s 
N e t 
H ig h l a w 
(h d s .) H ig h lo w 
Last C h g . 

7*8 
13 
5 'fl 
O'fl 
1?' . 

78 
6 ‘ > 
6 '- 
47 i t u n 
Î8 

14 

7 
7 t>4 
3 

4>.l 
S» n 

1 o 'b 
? '4 , 
• I'm 
<r>H 
1?'.. 

5 '« 
? ‘ - 
6 ’ 8 
I T H 
6 ' a 
? ’ i 
1*4 
7' .. 
I 'l l 
?o' . 
3*o 
7'.i t '« 

6o 
6 
44 
I T i n 
3? 
7 
32 
12S» 
12 

S '8 A E P Ia s t 
OSf 
9 
A A R C p 
36 
4 's AAVCO S 
.3? 
6 ‘ 
A P S tn c 
3o lO'B A S P R O 
.56 
1>b 11 16 A T I 
In c 
1? 
9 'a A V C C p 
I ' j A V X C p 
4 
A / U R rs 
IOr 38 
5^ 
A ZL pf 
48 
6 
A b rd M t 
4ot) I 
1 
A cm cH m 
2*4 A cm e P r 
6 ,• A l tion 
,28b 
3' « A cto n C p 
7 
3 *4 A cta m R s 
o4e r 
42 
)6 ' >h 
12'b A dO beO il 
16 t6 y iS 2 
15 
1'» 
1*4 A .o is t p 
6 247 
1’ h 
8' . A nroFTo tSe 5 
3 
1* 
A n ro n f cl 
27 
3>« A tiiiC a n lOf' 4 
11 
7 
A tfilH s p 
,24 7 
16 lO 'x A flilF u b 
56 7 
7 
S'n A tte rS 'x 
24 
5 x 2S 
6 
A la n W d S 
37 
J 'B A la s k A ir 
5 
84 
1 '« A lb tiW a 
o5» 113 
6 
4 ’ h A ico h H 
37i' 7 
28 
6*4 A lle g C p w t 
I I 
1o*? 
.1'« A litx iA ir 
15 
225 
5 '« 
I ’ m A lle g A 
W IO 
' m A llR tiA w t N 
5 ' h A llia n T 
36i' 
' b A l l t l A r l 
13''a A lld T h r 
,88 
2 
A lp h a in d 
S'B A tta m il lOe 
'ii A lte e C p 

4» « 
6 ' > 

6*4 
11>4 - 
4'% 
7 
12 
11 fl 
1o*4 
1o>4 
8 
!> « 
1*4 
1*. 

48 
8 
6 x 7 
45 
6 
41 
5 » 29 
1o9 

5 ' b 
6*4 
T « 
2 ' b 
6*4 
4*4 
5' 8 

9 ’ .■ 
I'-R 
4' 4 
7*4 
11 >4 
6' / 
6 '- 
4 ' / 
2 '4 
5* 

1 
2 b 

 n 
12 
4*1. 
5 'e I 
6 ’ « 
1 
2 '.. 
6 H 
4 '« 
4 ’ b 
13'« 
!'■# 
9 ' 7 r-ii • 
4' m 

4>b 
5 ' b 
6' 8 
1 
2*8 
6' 7 
4 
4 '« 
13*4 
I H 
9 ' 4 
T ; 
4' 8 
7 
7*4 
11*8 
IT c 
6 '« 
6 *8 
6' ■■ 
6* 1 
4 ’ 4 
4*4 
? -4 
2*4 
5 
5*4 
1o*4 
1o*4 
5 
5 
2-8 

1o 
16o 

3 7 16 7 16 7 16 

18 
17*7 
58 
2*4 

7 16 3 16 A lle r C p w t 
A lle r C r p pt 
5* 
1 6 'b i t 
5o 
I?- 

33 
6 ’ » 
59 15 16 
3 
S H 
A lte r F ds 
5o 1o 
461 
16 
4 7* .. AlCOcI p f l 
75 7 1o5o 
49 
2 
A M A X w t 
175 
1 
I 'l l A m A g ro 
2o 
8-4 
6 ' m A m B iH r ! 
25 11 
22 
2 4 'H 
16’ >1 A m iir d w t 
8 M 
6 m A m fiu s P 
28 
1 
*i A C .ip C p 
7' h 
6 ■ A C o n trl 
48 8 
2 
' h A m F le lch 
3 16 I 32 A i n F l t r h w t 
9 ‘ « 
5*4 A G .irP cI 
34 
3 '. ' A l n t P i ct 
4 
2*.i A ls r,re l 
H r 58 
7 

17 
2*4 
6 'n 

5 7 
13 
49 
2 
2*4 
6 H 

6*'4 
I 
1 7' b 
2*4 
6 ’ 

2* 
? '« 
6*4 
386 
23' » 
2o 
8 » 49 
7 
6*4 
2o 
1 
15 16 
I 
Ì 
1 
7 
7 
7 
15 
T h ! 5 16 
1 
! 
1 32 1 32 I 32 
67 
8H 
8* 

S' 7 
16 
49 4 
2 '« 
2 ' k 
6 H 
2o*4 
6*4 

3 >11 lO '» 
8 
A M r tir e A 
4o 
1o’ -• 
8 
A M r ii/e B 
4o 
52*4 
4 / 
A m /V t 
2 «Or* 
> *4 
4' . A M o tln ris 
17 
32 *.i A " ' P e ti 2 2o 
I I >4 
'■•h A P re cs 
28 
A S a IE c 

1 16 

1 16 t« 
■d 

1 16 

2 ' j 
' J 
‘ k 
* » 
' « 
2 'n 

1 16 

1 16 

I 4 

Y e a rly 
H ig h lo w 

1 B 1 3 16 H K I 
4oe 
2 H 
1*4 B T U 
E n g 

Soles 
N e t 
(h d s .) H ig h la w la s t C h g . 

8 » B a d q rV Il 
5o 
9 x 34 l3*-4 
14*11 
6*'» 
4 *8 B a k f'rW 
TOe 
2 1 '7 
IO ' k B a ld o rE l 
24 
7's 
6 'ti B a ld w S 
32a 
18*4 
16’ n B a n F d 1 H e 
2 
15 16 B a n o P u n w t 
11 *H 
9 ’ 
B a n is te r 
4o 
4 >4 B .in n e r 
o8 
8 
195 
T , B tircla 

2*7 

U 
4*7 
4*1 
113 
19*4 
43 
6 'x 

2'"« 
2*4 
*1 
12 >B 
1 2 H - T ' 
4 H . 

1o*4 
2' . 
5* » 
.1*4 
1o*« 
S 'il 
13 H 
3'.« 
2 ' b 
3 ‘ 
2*s 
9 
H 's 

o4 
1? 
I ' , H tircia v 
? ’ « BnrcoCci 
3* n B a rn e s F 
7'b B .irn w * 
2o*’ 36 
4' 7 B a rry R 
. 16 
6 
1o 
B a r r y W r 
44 
8 
3 
B a rtb S p 
2o 
9 t '8 B a rto n s 
1 *4 B a r u ch P 
T 
B a rw ick 
7*,, B n lS tA 
24 
5 t ' / B n f S I B 
24 
5 
7 16 5 3? B e n S IM g w t 

61 
I 7 ' b 
17 
33 
1’ » 
T H 
171 
M 
9 *8 
1*4 
3 H 
34-4 
9 '» 
5 

17*7 
I 7H 
6*4 
6**4 
17* 
1 '» 
1 o H 
1o*4 
8 ' b 
1 H 
3*4 
3*8 
9 H 
5*8 

8'* - 
1 H 
3*4 
3 H 
9 H 
5' 8 
47 
12*^9 
1 1 ' r 
12 
74 
3 *8 
3 '« 
3 *8 
43 
351 
67 
29 
25 

2 ’ « 
3' . 
I ' r 
8 ' b 
8 "8 

I * 4 
4 
2.(8 
HI 
27 

3 
2 's 
8 
8 
48*4 
4 *4 
34 
.14'II 
33 '« 
48 
1o 

4' B 
2 ' b 
8* b 
8* 

3 H 
2'n 

21 
48 
7 
5 '8 

44 
12» . 
2 
3 , 

7*4 
S'-B 

8' 7 
V ’ « 
11 ' « 
11 *4 
1',1 
5*4 
6 

.1'4 
14>« 
1 2 ’ m 
2 8'.I 
7 
5 . 
5'b 
53'4 
)'*« 
79 4 
8*4 

3-4 A m Tec, 
2.5i‘ 5 
11 
A m U IIS 
9oe 
2 * . A n d re R 
o7e 1o 
2 
A iiq le C 
T ie 7 
449 
6 ’ ■ A n x en 
28 
5 x 54 
5 
A n th o n y 
32t 4 
59 
5 '.. A p fjIflD 'a 
7 
23.1 
3 
A p lclD e v 
16 
2o3 
I t M A q u itC a 
32 1o 
16 
14'« 
14 
3 '« A r n i.n cp 
12 12 
147 
4 ' j 
4 
4 *4 A - t o w F . 
15 
188 
8 7 
5 ' h A r u n d e l 
9 
48 
9 -'b 
9 ’ m A s a -rie ra 
3o It 1646 1 2 ', 
9* , A s h lO C 
2o 9 
57 11*4 
*1 A s k in S vt 
3 'h A s tre x 
I5e 
8 
I'. . A la ia n ta 
2oe 3 
13 16 A te o 
In ti 
Ti A ticoA fltg w t 
3 
A lla s C /V I n 
I I 
9 
A n a s C p w t 
12 '4 A u g a * 
3o 
12 
A u s t r n lO 
32 
859 
2 7', 

8'8 
48' 4 ' 
5 
34 '» 
9 ' b 
1 o 'r 
5 '4 
5 
5 '« 
1T b 
1o'7 
1o-7 

1 ÎH 
3 
3 ' b 
6 *B 
5'4 
6 '4 
5 '» 

7*8 
8H 
11*4 
II 

1'« 

15'. 
3'4 
6' .. 
■I'b 
5 
1'4 
15 

24.4 
It *8 
« •'R 
5 
V'B 
17'.7 
32' .. 
7> b 
H '4 

8 5 16 
56 
2 '.i 

19 
13*7 
21 
7'- 

2 
H e n ru s 
13 
2'.|. B erg f;n i 
1o 
2 
4'-« B e rg e n B 
5 m 
5'b 
13 
B ru B pt 1 1; 
2' a 
B e rn /O 
5 
B e f e a l4t> 
8 
76 
5 
2''.1 
FlerveriC 
2o 
2 '4 
3 
B .-te fp lOe 
23 
4'. 9 
2 « 
B e ve rly F . 
213 
3 '1. 
II 
Be n e n 
48 
3 'ii B g D .id 
7 
53 
7 fi.g '/S p 
3ob 
4 
8 
7'-« 
15 .! 
HirikAAl 
1,r 
/ 
24 
16'7 
I t « 
B in n eyS HOT 
9 
55 
16 
B ie s m g 
3o 
7 
3o 
9 H 
7 
.. B lo u n t 
4o 
5 
35 
8's 
I 
« F3ndmAp 
4o 19 
1o8 
4 '« 
6' , H n llB e r 
7o 28 
14 
6 '« 
15 
B o w V a ll 
44 (o 
987 
IH ’ 8 
8 
I I3()wne 
3o 
5 
8 
9' a 
7 
. B r.u lfflN 
2o I I 
168 
8 
B ra n ch 
2o 
5 
» 7 
4 '« 
B r a n d A r w t 
73 
8 *1 

I ' s 
3 
I H 
8*4 
8*8 t'4 
7 
7H 
4*4 
13 
2'b 
5' 7 
2*4 

2 
3' .1 I 
1 *. 
8*8 
8*9 

2 
2*4 
4 * 4 
13 
? H 
5'4 
2*4 

29 
1 t'8 
1 I ‘ B 
1 1 H 
3 ' b 
3'-^ 
7* 7 
7' a 
15» 4 
16 
15*r 
! 5 'r 

Y e o rty 
H ig h 
Low 

14*8 
1 3 'fi C a ro P ip i 
Ib 
6 2 '? 
57 
C a r o P L p l 
5 
5*x 
4 
C a rro l D v 
17*4 
1 5 ' b C a s tie A V i i 
18*9 
17-8 C a s F d 
1 2oa 
3*4 
1*4 
C a s llP tn 
18 
26o 
19 >9 
9 *4 C a vitr n 
12e 
13 
166 
14*% 
1314 
1 3 H - 
T 
2’ ? 
1 ’ ? C e ! l o C f t 
S 
14 
2 
1*'4 
P-4 
.384(1 CenAA p f3 SO 
,1 3o 
4o' 

Sotes 
N e l 
(h d s .) H ig h l a w lo s t C h g . 

/ 
1 1 3 H 
33*% 
13*% 
25oo 
61*4 
59 *'ï 
6 T -4 *- 
2o 
4*8 
4 's 
4*4 
7 
22 Ié*% 
15*4 
1 5 * 4 - 
■ 
3o 
IS 
37* î 
17*-4. 
3 ’ s 
3 

41 
51 
5*4 
21 
8'4 

47- a C e n P L p f 
5 '» C en t Sec 
5oe 
1 9 'H C en S p i i 25 
725 
2o 
7*4 C e n tr y F 
24 
79 5 
6' ? 

4o 
27oo 
4 9 '» 
49 
6' 4 
175 
5'-« 
2o 

4o ' B 
49* » » 
*« 
5 '% - 
7o 

22*4 
1 2 '7C e n vifl 
1o 36*154 
16'» 
!3 's 
14*4 
2 3 ' r 
2 2 'b C e r M p f2 25 
128 
22*% 72*8 
2 2 H 
1'4 
1'4 C e r filC p 
17 
1*B 
1 *% 
1'4 
*4 C e riro n 
19 
82 
T e 
1 
3 '4 
I '- i C e te cC p 
o7c 12 
129 
3 '« 
2 '« 
5 *8 C h a d W 
6o 
7 
12 
7 
6*4 
4 
2 .1 C n a m p H o 
143o 
2 
? 
2 '4 
6 ' b 
4 '8 C h a r t M d 
5 
8 
4 » e 
6*11 C h r tM p i 
75 
5 
3 ’ » C n e rn C « 
5 
5o 
2 3 '« C tn R iv 
1 6oa 
1o 
1o 
C h if'tD r’v 
R 'h C h ild W ld 
3 
C n ris 'n a lOe 
7 
2o6 
2 '4 C in e r I ve 

4' a 
I ' l 

V '8 
B' ' 
4*» 
6'-b 
16 
9 *8 
'r g 
4 « 
7'a 

V 'b 
8H 
4*9 
6 'b 
1 7*8. 
9' 7 
7'b 
4 B 
7's 

6'?- 
5*4 
7 
S 'j 
1 4H 
4 
7*8 
9 ' a n '« 
11 
8 
1o2 
1o 
5 ’ 4 
5 'fl 
5 
' 
5*% 

14 ' 
.5‘-u A u to T rn 
7o1 
Í '. , A u t n iB Id 
5 
3' 7 A u tm R a d 
4 
,39'.I A u lo S w 
1 2o 
12 
3 'h A V F 6 6 C 
.2o 
5 
2 o ‘ 4 A von d a l 
1 2o 
8 
6'-8 A y d m C p 
7 

4' a 
5’ b 
5 
'» 1 3 1613 16 
31 5 16 
'4 
'4 
126 
3 '4 
3 '4 
95 
13'‘ 8 
12 '4 12'.' 
72 
I6 '4 
15*8 15*8 
2 7'( 
5* 
4 *. 
6 '« 
2 7'4 
5* 

4*8 
51 
4' 8 
17 
21 ' 
79 
7’ « 

5o' 

2o*4 
7 '» 

5o' . 
4' 8 
2o*4 
7’ b 

12 
2 '« 
16".. 
1 6 'I 

2 ’ 
H*r 
13' .M 

I t * 

24*4 
18' ? 
B' 

 e 

2o' . t l 16 

2*. 
19 
1o'« lO'H 
1o 
I H 
15 
21 
3 
15* 
297 
14' 
5' » 
3* 4 
I T a 

3 '« 

14 '« 
4*4 
3' , 
I T a 
3 H 
3 
13'4 
8' 7 
15 

15 .1 
14 >n 
5 
3 ' -a 
11' 7 
3*8 
3 
I 
13H 
8H 
15' B 

7 lO 'i B ra s ta iiA 
I 3 
2J o 
1 1 '« 
1T i, 
1 T » 
2 t '. B r a u n F n 
1 7 
48 
32' 1 
2 9 'a 
29*4 
4 '.. B re e /e C p 
21 
6 
4 *9 
4*11 
4*» 
9 *8 B r e w e r c 
1o14 
13*4 lO 'n 
1 3 * 8- 
7'ir B rn O a rt 
2o 7 
91 
4 'i. 
3 '7 
4 's ■ 
2 
R ro d y S e 
15 
7 
2 '.i 
7'« 
1o 
B rcx jk sP 
.1o 5 
T'8 B ro w n C o w t 
! 3'8 B rn f A 
6o 
3o 
13' 7 B rn f H 
6o 
9 
'1 ' ,1 
1 *-i B rw n t p l 
4o 
62 
5 ‘ 7 
3 '.- H u R M Ie r 
4 
48 
I t ' j 
I I B u e llln d lOt» 4 
2 
* H 
3 ' h B u ild i'« 
5 
13 
3 '4 
7*ii B u rg .'s s 
I I 
35 
15>,i 
13 B y rin q 
1 1o 
6 
25 
14' 
I l 
8 1 
B u rn s in 
6o 
1o 
91 
8'» 
I s H 
9 '« H u île r in 
5o 
6 
4? » 
2 1 -.. C K P e t f-H l ' . i C D IC p 
5 ' , f H B F d 
4 
1o'4 
6 C H C C p 
24r 16 l 16 I 16 C l.V K i w l 
T h 
2 ’ 8 C M IC p 
1 ' h C 6 A T In d 
6 *8 C R S D e s 
2o 4 lO’ . C S f C p 
64 5 
1o '8 C Y 71 ia n 
5o 
S 
3' i C a g le A 
15 
4 
I P i C a l d o r 
25b 8 
2' . C a it.o in p 
3 '11 C a lL ile 
4 
19 
3* 
2 3 ’ 4 C a l l t pf2 5o 
8 
74» 
15' 8 C a lf'i t r 1 2o 
6 
C a m co 
56 
7 '7 
711 
15 16215 l6 C a C tib A 
123 
3 215 16 
S'R 
4 'i- C a r n p ln 
2o 
4 '« 
4'7 
6 « 
5 
CrlnF, x p 
o5e 
7 
26 
6' m 
S'*« 
5' 
C d iiH o m O 
14 
25 
5 *4 
5 H 
7 I. 
C d n H y d r 
25 1o 
3o 
8*4 
8 ' a 
16 M C clIn P A 
75i 9 
76 
2o 
19 
'4 
19*4 l'4 f d n 6 6 ,,r c 2o 
9 x 31 
3 '7 
3 '4 
3 'a 
M '4 
12 . C d n .'Y .e rr 
9 
7o 
1 3 '/ 
1 2 'a 
1 2 H 
16 H 
I 7‘ h C d n O cci 
54 6 
*34 
1 3 *. 
1319 
1 3 .» 
3 7’ m C d 'iS u p O 
8 
3 ! 
43>4 
4 3 's 
43' 
1 
C cip e n a rî 
15 
1*8 l'4 
2 ' m 
C a p itlR s 
33 
7 
3 H 
2 H 
2 >4 
C a p 'tIF d 
2o 
6 
5o 
3 '(i 
3*4 
3' 
C a re s s a 
3o 
116 
J 'n 
3 '? 

164 
15' 
21e 31 
551 
4 I H 3 8'B 
38* 
24 
43 
4 * r 4 
. 
4 'b x 7 
6 *8 é'H 
6 b 
76 tO '4 
IO 'b 
Io ’ 4 
3 1 16 I 16 1 16 
3 *8 
4 ' « . 
1o 
379 
3 
6o 
7* h 
19 
1i*H 
2 
1o*4 
8 
3*.¡ 
179 
14*4 
35 
2 '« 

2 '. 
6 ’ a 

3* 
13*4 
2 H 
3 '» 
23*4 
7 
1o4 
18' 7 
16*4 

12*4 
1 3 '« ' 
1o*8 
1 oH 
3* 
14 
2*4 
3*8 
23' a 
18 >B 
7*8 * 
3 
4* 7 
5 *-4 
5 'h 
8* ? 

1 
1 Í 
J» 

1 1 Í 
I 

4 3 
2*4 
,3'11 
3'n 
5*.i 
78 *4 
36 
66 
C .irn .it 
1 « o 
13*467 
72*4 
71 
3'/ ' . C a rn a l W' 

1* 
7H 
3 H ■ 
3 '« . 
71 
2 
36 
3 5 '« 
3SG 

4*4 
28'4 
I ' 2 ' b 
1 ? « 
T 8 
4 'b 
? a 
17 « 
9*4 
13 
6 ' b 
2 '4 n * 8 
6 's 
14 ' a 
8H 
19 '« 
2 
!' 4 
18'« 
5'b 

6 ' b 
4*8 
24 

 p 
T a < 
3 
6 '» 
2*4 
4* t 
6 '» 
4= 5 
24 
4 ’ a 
24*8 
12 
122 
11'» 
1 o H 
1o*4 
6 
31 
9 *4 
8 ' b 
8' 
3 H 
2 *4 
2*4 
18 

6 
7'a 
7’ a 
4 l 
12'7 
12 
57 
6 ’ » 
2 H 

I '4 C i n e r am 
1IJ -.i C .ri ic'K 
7o 
/ ‘ « C .'a lio n 
4ob 
5 
S 'il C ity G s F I 
84 6 
5 '4 C la rm n t 
2 '4 C la rk C . tûe 6 
9 '8 C la rk s o n 
2o 7 
3' 7 C la ro s la t 
5 
I I ' 4 C la u s in g 
1 
8 * 4 1 
14■ 7 
6 '» C lo p a y 
16 
6 
1T 7 C oa e h m 
25 
I 
C o liía iM a t 
7 
8 
T a 
2 '8 C o h u ln i. 
171 I I 
7 
2 
'7 
1 5 'Il C oloren 

3 ' a 
7 * 4 
1 ' b 

3 '« ■ 
2 * 4 
2 
254 t l H 
1o*8 
I P 
9 

74 
11 
9 
5 o 

<11 
8 ' b 

5 * . 
2' a 
11'« 
5 H 
14 
7"» 

7' : 
12'8 ■ 
5 'b 
2* a 
I P 4 
5 '8 ■ 
14 
. 

5 
787 
13 'a 
13 ' b 
13' 
T ; 
2 ' b 
1’ 7 - 
2’ % 

3 ' a C o lo n C m ! 
8 J 
6 . C o lw e itc 
4o 5 
37 
37''o C om neo 
2 11 
7' i 
1*4 C o rn G rp 
14 
13'7 9 'cC o m A l l 
15 8 
1 3 'H 
1o'« Com ftAtl 
6ob 29 
4* 7 C o m d in i 
11 
48o 
9 '4 
C '.PSyC 
,3o 8 
12o 
13 

68 
7 x 631 
16'» 15'« 
15 
92 
5 '7 
4S% 
5*b 
3o 
7*4 
6 '» 
6 '« 
29 
33 
3 7H 
32T» 
33 
2 b 
2 
2 
36 
12’ B n 
66 
11 

11'.» 
19*4 
15 
I 7’ h 

11'? 
1o*8 
8* 
12*8 
1 7H 
18*4 
.P 5v 
18’ 4 C o m P S 
1 62 
7 
22 
1 8H 
18* 
4-.|, C o -’- p a r 
7 
325 
13*4 
1 P * 
12 
5 
C o m p o ln 
32 71 
171 
17'n 
16 
17'4 
C o m p u D 
6 97 
7 ' B 
2 
2 
I '« 9 16 C o 'n p ln s l 
7' 1.1,3 16 C o m iJ ln w 
1o G 
9 '7 Cone h m 
5o 
! 
A >M 
4 ' i, Cone r d f 
9 ' o Con dee 
3 H C o n n lly C 
23 
! o '.i 
C o n ro ck 6o 
7 
» 38 
12* 
3 '4 C o n ro y 
M 
6 
26 
4 '« 
9 *4 
C o n s O G 
16 
719 
1o*4 
7’ . 
C n n s R e l 
6o 
9 
76 
S 's 
'h 
C o n lA A 'I 
16 
45 
. 1*4 t'4 C n n iT e l w t 
85 
P a 
II 
C ix ik ln il 
2oe 
145 
17'» 
I2' ii C o o k P V lOi 
15 
17 
33 
5 
C cx tpJ a r lOe 
4 
I I 
5*4 
2 *4 
C o rd o n 
97 
2 '» t S 'B C o r e l.h 
3oe 
8 
99 
16'» n '4 C o r e n e ,o 
8o 
7 
7 
16 
II h C o rn e liu s 
48 
8 x )2 
12 

T," , 
.1 '( 
I T ( 

12 

97 
7 ' b 2 
7513 16 9 16 
15 
1 
15 1615 16 
1 U 
2o 
9 ’ » 9 * a 
9 ’ » 
7o 
5 '4 5 
5 
116 
IT a 1o*4 
1 o 'a 
6 
3 ' b 3 *1 b 
3 ' b 
P ' s 
12 
3*4 
4 
9 *4 
9 *4 

1 ' b 
1*4 
12* 

1 ' b 
1*4 
12*. 

16'« 
T7' h ir*M 

2 ‘ 4 
7’ « 
5 16 
77‘ 4 

I H 

I2 H 
1 2 H 
5 
5 '» 
2*4 
7*4 
1 5 'm 
1 5 'b 
15*4 
I I 7 
15'.1 C o rrB Ik n 8o 11 
273 
17 *b 
16* > 
2 
C e is ttiin c p .. C n t'C p 
T . C o u rfirt lOe 
' II C o u s in s w t lA '.C o x C C 
2o 
3 ’ « C r a m r f: 
13t 47 
I ' h C r e s t F o 
8 
19'.• 
13 '« C ro 'n p t 
U* 
6 
1o 
7'j 
.34'4 
6*4 
5 H 

35*4 C ro s A T 
1 2o 
I I 
6*'» CrowlA/1 
.5o 
25*4 C w n C P t 
6or 
5 
4 *4 C r o w n C r 
4 
4* a C ro w n in 
2o 
8 

7 
2 ' b 
15 
2 
5 
7 ' II 
77 3 16 
31 
22*4 
27 
4* 4 
9 
1'B 
24 
3 4 « 13 
2o 
3 7' b 36*4 
1 
6 ' a 
6 ' b 
28 
27 
76* a 
24 
5 ’ 4 
5 ' b 
5 

15*4 
11*4 
16*8. 
2 ' b 
2 
2 ' b 

22*4 
4 'a 
P B 

15 
15'« 
I t 
C ru tcR 
36 34 
159 
12 

22'? 
4*4 
P b 
14*8 I 
3 7' b * 
6 '» ' 
26*4 
5 * b 
4 'b 
4 'b 
I I 
IP s 
16’ .. 
I2 H C ry s H O 
4oe 14 
172 
16» s 
I4 'h 
14 'f 
1o’ m C u b icC p 
4o 
8 
66o 
17 
14*4 
I S H - 
17 
1,1 <4 
5 H 
12’ « C u rtice B 
8o 
5 
4’ » C u r iis M 
15e 
4 

D 
- h - I 

34 
14*4 
1 3 H 
13*4 
25 
4*4 

2 
13 16 D C L 
5 
261 
6 ’ 7 
3' h D W G 
,49 t 
4 
174 
3' -a 
2 *8 D a m o n C 
4 
17 
4 H 
2 H 

2 
< 
4*74 
2 H 

C o m p i l a t e n a t i o n w i d e e o m p o i ^ i t e p r i e e s 
New York stocks 

E x p i u 
N i v e i n 
S a n a t n t o n i o 

Y e a rly 
H ig h 
Low 

( o n t i n u i 'd f r o m P ag e » ( ’ 

S 
- T 
- l 
S o les 
N e t 
(h d s .) H ig h lo w lo s t C h g , 

23*4 
15' a 
79 
6*4 
5o ■« 
1 3 ' b 
44' a 
TT 11 
.17' . 
13 ',I 
3 8'n 

7>4 SC A 
S vc 
19 '- 
S C M C p 
8o 
1 3 'a bO S C on 
.5o 
24 
S a b in e 
5o 
4 'b Sa tcidln 
16 
44 '4 S a fe w a y 2 7o 
9 ' .' S a u a C p 
.36 
3 4 ',, S tJ o M in 
1 3o 
12* a S tJ o L tP 1 I? 
11 
SM S a F 
2 5o l l 'n S lP a u iS 
1e 
3 7'.i S lP ix jP 
164 

11 
744 
6 
5 /3 
6 x 99 
9» 1o9 
176 

3 H 
23 B 
13*4 
26' a 
5' a 
11x 1949 4 7*b 
6 
71o 
1o’ a 
11x 2195 36*8 
9 
78 
13 
9 
143 
4 7'4 x 169 
12'b 
9 2139 
3S 'fl 

3 '4 
2 1 H 
13'» 
24' 4 
5'-4 
4 6 H 
1o 
34' B 
1 2*b 
4 6 '.1 
12 * 8 
33' 

3>a- 
21H 
- 
13' . * 
2 4 *4 -' 
5 1» 
4 6 '» 
1o*4 - 
34*n 
12''« 
4 6 H * 
I 2 * b . 
33*8 

I H 

7*4 
6 ' j 
S a la n t 
.32 
5 
52 
7'» 
6 'b 
6 'a 
' 8 
17 's 
13' « 
S a m tx js 
48 
8*1754 
U 'f l 
U 'B 
U * a - 
15' J 
13‘ 4 S D ie G F 
1 2o 
8 
577 
U * « 
U 
U 
1 
9 
7' 1 S J u a n R 
.991 
7 
2o ft 
7 ' b 
8 k 
1 J. 
11 
9 ’ g S a n d e rs 
458 
1 2 'j 
11 1« 
U ' b 
'» 
U 
35' 
S F e In d 
7 
7 
1U.5 
4 1 '? 
4o’ 8 
4o' B — 
1 '» 
11',- 
9 '4 
S F e In d pt 5o 
23 
I T ? 
1o*4 
1o*4 
V» 
5-T 
.17' . 
S a n F p In t 
6o 
9 
1159 
5 T « 
49 ’ a 
49 '« 
2 
16' 
13'8 S a rg tW e l 
6o 
8 
U 
15'» 
15' 8 
1,5*» - 
' s 
-i 
3 '- 
Sa ul + E 
174 
3*4 
1 '? 
3*4 k 
T » 
7' .- 
2 H 
S '8 
S a vA S tp 
S a vO n D r 
24 
24 
•7 
87 
119 
3 
6 
2 '-» 
S '» 
2 's 
S'» -- 
' 8 
IT 11 
9 *« S a vE iP 
8o 
6 
52 
1o 
9*4 
9 '4 
IS ■« 
M „ 
S a vn F A 
1 3* 
7o 
U ' b 
U '7 
14*4 
U ’ « 
13 
S a vF I pf 1 28 
; 
13*8 
13 *% 
131 % 
27*8 
18'.» 
SdvBAA 
1o 
1o lU O 
25 
2 2 '« 
2 3 » ,■ 
T ? 
S'4 
3 
S a x o n 
8 
249 
41 4 
3*4 
3 's 
1 . 
8’ n 
5 - , 
S ch a e fe r 
4 
64 
7<4 
6 ' » 
6 ' h 
’ 8 
■14 ‘ 4 
31 >4 S ch rP Io 
1 u 
11 
1581 
3-1*« 
33'? 
33 '» 
'« 
IB' / 
12'« 
S ch ilt 7 Br 
68 
8 
498 
U 
' b 
U ' ? 
U ' ? - 
1 
66' 4 
56 
S ch lu m b 
SO 
17 
3883 
65' ? 
6o' ? 
6 T ? 
4' a 
16 
13 
S C O A In 
9o 
5*158 
1 5 'a 
U ' 7 
1 4 's r » 
6 ' b 
5 's S ro tL a d 
36 
27 
1.48 
6 
5» % 
5'% - 
' « 
28 
22-4 
S co lF e t 
1 2o 
7 
228 
25 
22*4 
23 
2 ' 4 
25'4 
2 T 4 
S> o il F or 
8-t 
8 
134 
2 3 '» 
23'4 
23* a 
*a 
2 o ' 
9 ' b 
16' » S (.O ttPdp 
H 
S co ttys 
76 
9x 997 
2o 1o 
136 
17 
9 *4 
16' a 
9 
16 a - 
9 
23' 
2o 
S co vili 
1 2o 
7 
294 
2 T « 
2 o '8 
2o' 
< 

 ft 
6'-» 
Sc u d d e r 
13 
! 15 
7 
6 '% 
6*4 
' » 
V- 
H 'h 
S ru d ii pf 7le 
85 
9 'a 
8 '« 
8 '« 
37' a 
24' o S ea C o n f 
25 
8 1171 
3 7' b 
34 
34' ? 
1*o 
39 
H 
33 
S o a h C L 
? 
6 x 1624 3 8'« 
35 /4 
3 5*4 - 
2 'b 
.T a 
2*4 
Seab'iA/A 
22t 
5 
92 
3 ' ? 
3 '4 
3 'i) 
• 8 
24 
19 ' .I S e a g ra m 
8o 
7*2o7 
2o’ ? 
19 'a 
1 9 'b 
'« 
9< / 
7 ' b S e a g rv 
16n 
6 
SI 
9 '4 
8*4 
8 'b 
*« 
17' 4 
U 'B 
S e a iP w 
8o 
6 
71 
15*4 
15 
15 
- 
*4 
13''4 
11 
S e a rle O 
52 
1o 1366 
U 
I T ? 
11'? - 
* ? 
69' 4 
54 
S ea rs 
1 8oa 
12*3359 
5 7'» 
55’ « 
5 5 '4 - 
2*4 
28 ' « 
27*4 
S e a rs w i 
4o 
78*» 
27*4 
27*4 
U ' 
7'.i 
Sea t ra m 
U 1315 
U ’ a 
1o 
1o'« 
1'4 
39 ' 4 
2 7'a 
Six lcolnr. 
3o 
7 
382 
3 7'» 
35 '» 
3 5 *. 
2 
19* 4 
15',» 
S e lg L '7 
1 2ob 
6 
37 
16*8 
15'a 
15’ « - 
7' 4 
4 ' b S vcC p In t 
2o 
5 
195 
6 'a 
6 '4 
6 ' 4 ■ 
1J 
19' 4 
1 5 'a S e rvm t 
7 
U 3 
18 
17*8 
18 
* 
1 ^ 
11' ? 
8 
S 'la k s p re 
4o 
6 
62 
8 '« 
6 
B'a 
*» 
2o '« 
16 « 
S ria pell 
1o 
5 
163 
19 '« 
1o' ? 
18' 7 
- II 
9 ''4 
6 '/» 
S h e a r H 
3o,. 
3*29 6 
7' ? 
6*4 
6 * . 
.*•> 
33 '« 
S h e ilO il 
1 6o 
? 1557 
35 
33'n 
3 4 '« k 
1 
38' « 
31 
S n e ilT 
9',1e 
6 
U 
371 J 
3 7' b 
37'« . 
T a 
15 
1 1 '/, 
Si-ieltrG i 
6oa 
4 
227 
U 
U 
U 
1 
2 1 ' 
18'4 
Shi 1 Gl p u 35 
9 
7o 
19 '» 
19’ » 
'» 
2o' 
17 
S h ilG I p u 4o 
5 
171 , 
I7'a 
1 7' o 
54 
43 
S h llG I pf 
3 
1 
44 
44 
,14 
T ! 
IT 
? 
3? '4 
S h e rw W 
2 2o 
23 
193 
33*4 
32'« 
32' ; 
71 
6o 
S h rW fif 
4 4o 
7 5o 
6 1 'a 
6 T a 
6 T b 
'» 
14' 4 
U 
S ie rrP a c 
1 
7 
1o4 
13 
U*-4 
U *4 
' a 
32' 8 
24 
S ig n a l 
1 1o 
.8 314o 
3 T b 
2 9 ‘4 
3 o '. 
1 
4o 
36 
Sig n o d e 
1 2o 
1o 
U 4 
3 6 ' b 
36 
36 
- 
1 J 
./ '» 
5 ’ a S im F re e 
18 
8 
93 
6 > ? 
6 
6 
'% 
19*o 
16'a 
Si m m 
1 U 
15 
112 
1/* a 
1 6 ' b 
17*B k 
*» 
16''B 
11 
S im p P a t 
5o 
3x 1876 
U 
U 
12 
- 
T ? 
23 I4 
IV ? S in g er lOe 
7 1518 
2 3 '» 
22*4 
22' . - 
T ? 
45 
43 
S in g r pi 
3 5o 
43 
44 4 b 
43 
4 3 '4 - 
*4 
23' 8 
1 7 ‘ .1 Sk a ggs 
.5o 
79 1179 
19 '» 
1 8' 4 
18'%— 
1 
16 
19 ’ 4 
17*8 
4o 
79 H 
38 '4 
7o 'b 
1 9 'b 
1 8' b 
6 '4 
1o - 8 
49' a 
19 H 
3? 
19' 4 
16'4 
29*4 
17'4 
9 ' b 
26 
17*4 
7o H 
58' a 
4o'4 
5o*4 
3 / '. I 
62*4 
6 H 
63*4 
38 >8 
77*8 
47 
2 5 '8 
1o*4 
22*4 
15* a 
14* a 
1 3H 
2o*8 
39*4 
4 3 ’ » 
14H 
79 H 
3 o 'a 
77' I 
24*4 
3 ! 'a 
52' 7 
■J2'4 
17 
43*4 
S 9 H 
9 P 4 
67 
8'8 
7*8 
19 
35'? 
24*8 
13 
4 9 "* 
9 H 
17 
6*8 
1!'% 
19 '» 
371 . 
73*» 
13'? 
67*4 
15*8 
16' ? 
1 3 H 
» > '4 
15*4 
49 '» 
55 n o 
5 *'4 
7 4'» 
1o*4 
75 
49 

1o' a S k .T C p 
17*4 S k y lin e 
14*4 S m ith A O .8o 
3 1 H S in ilh in t 
,72 
.'O' ? S m itk in 2.7o 
37 
S iT iith k In w i 
16’ b S m itb T r 
.6o 
17 
S m u ck e r .9o 
11*4 S o id B a s 
.6o 
7 ' b S onesta 

11 
1o8 
32 14 
964 
5 
9 
14 

142 
533 
718 
16 
61 
29 
8o4 
2 '6 
8'b S o n yC p 
o7e 
16 <781 
37 
S ooLin 
3e 
7 
18*4 S C a r E G 1 56 
9 
78' 7 SC E G p t? 5o 
17*a S o J e rIn 
1 5 6 
6 
13 
S ou td w n 
6o 
26 
S d w n pt 1 8o 
V 'a S o estB k 
4ob 1o 
7 
Soest P S 1.371 9 
71 '., b o C a iE 
7 
6 
15*» S outhC o 1 46 
9 
18'4 S o ln G E 
1 37 
4 9 H S o n R es 
1 85 
36’ B S o N F .T e l 
3 
48 
S o N E p f3 87 
3 2 H S o u P a c 
2 4o 
55 
S o o R y 
7 6o 1o 
6*4 S o u R y p f ,5o 
249 
57 
S o u R y of 
3 
2 
3o' 7 SoU nC o 
1 92 
12x 193 
2 o ' b S o u fin d 
6o 
1ox 543 
36 
S o u R o yl 
68 17 
181 
2 o 'a S w iB k s h 
1 
8 
2o5 
8 
S w M F o r 
2o 
7 
153 
19 'a S w tF I p t i .5o 
166 
13'4 S w R jS v 1 1o 
9 
4o4 l I 's S o r l n F d 
.28 
6 
211 
9 ' b S p a rto n 
48 
6 
53 

71 
944 t 
18 
34o 
1oo 
591 
82 
6 238o 
9 2878 
7 x 79 
6x 383 
8 
75 
13 

15*9 
1 3 H 
16’ a 
35 
76 'e 
38'» 
17*4 
16'» 
18’ ? 
5 '? 
9 
49 ' a 
19*8 
29' ? 
18*» 
16*» 
7 9 * 4 
I P 4 
9 *» 
2 5 '» 
I6-V» 
19' ? 
51 
38 
5o* 
8x 138o 37 ' b 
876 
oo*4 

1o7 
25 
1635 
15o3 
394 
692 
342 x 134 

15*o S p e rry H 
I 
7 
36 
S p rry H p f 
3 
33'? S p e rry R 
,97 
8 
I7H Spring/Vi 
,9o 
7 
74 
S q u a t D 
I 7o 
13 
23*4 S q u ib b 
.96 1o 
18 
S ta le y 
1 
7 
73 
St P oor 
1 92a 
24*8 St B ra n d 1 28 11 1396 
47'4 S ta B r p» 3 5o y 1oo 
79*4 S lB P a in t 
48 
15 
1.53 
9 '» SId/VIO lA 
4o 
6 
126 
3 8' b S td O H C l 7 4o 
8 7522 
49*4 S tO illn d 7 6o 
8 7351 
73 'a S fO ilO h 
1.36 76 
921 
58*4 SOOh p f3 75 
?6o 
7 
S td P re s s 
4o 14 
711 
6 *8 S td P ru d 
66 11 
76 
15*4 S ta n d e * 
85 
7 
5? 
28*4 S ta n W 
1 24 
9 
56 
7o H S ta r r e tt M 7 
8 
28 ll* B S têiM S e 
1 o5 
. *9 7 
4 o 'J S la u fC h 1.8o 
8 
7o9 
7'» S t e r ch i 
.5 6 
7 * 2 6 
13* 7 S te ri D q 
,7o 1o 2o11 
4*4 S te r ip r e 
,12 
9 J.4 S te rn d n t 
4o . 
16*4 S te ve n J 
I 2o 
5 
331,4 S le w W a 1.96 
8 
7o 
S to k V C 
1 2o 13 
11H S to k V C p f I 
53*4 S to n e ’/V 
2 5o 
12*2 S to n C o n 
6o 
14*4 S to p S h o p 
1 
9 '» S to rT e c 
,67t 
71's S to re rB 
1 
12H S tr id R ite 
.92 
3 8*4 S fu W o r 
1.68 
4 3 ’/? S tu W p f 1.4o 
88 
S tu W p f 
5 
3*> S u a vS h o 
2o 
19'-? S u o P rG 1 2o 
8'/» S u C re s f 
.5o 
19 
S u n C h rn 
.4o 
4o*4t S u n C o 
2 

24o 
46 
3o7 
76 
122 
Z182o 
8 
1o2 
7 
23 
5 
41 
7 2569 
6 
211 
7 x 54 
5 
554 
7 

6 H 
6o14 
34*4 
2 1 H 
3 9 '» 
2 3*» 
8'? 
7o1» 
14 
14>? 
11'» 
2 o H 
391k 
36’-'? 
13'» 
2 7'‘? 
24*4 
19'% 
24 
2514 
47'.4 
32 
1 o '» 
4 2 * * 
52'.» 
9o1» 
62 
8’.» 
6 ' b 
19 
34 ’ 4 
211% 
12’ » 
44 
9 1 » 
14*» 
4'/? 
1o'-? 
17'? 
35 
2o*» 
17 
6 1 '? 
13’ i 
151/4 
13*» 
22'/» 
I 41 /J 
4 8’/« 
51 
1 1o5 
87 
314 i79 
2214 
54 
1o 
21"» 
64'/» 

14 H 
12*-4 
15 
331» 
72 
37 
16'» 
18'-4 
18 
4*4 
8'e 
47 H 
IB H 
29 '? 
18'/» 
16 
29 
11 
8 * 4 
25*» 
16'» 
18*4 
49 H 
37 
4 9 '? 
35’ ? 
5 9 '» 
6-H 
6o*4 
33 
2 o '» 
3 7' b 
2 1 '» 
8'» 
19’ » 
1 3 H 
13*1 
IP 's 
18 
38*4 
35 
1 2*1 
26'4 
23*4 
18 
23"? 
24 H 
4 71'4 
29V4 
1 o '4 
4OV4 
5 1 '» 
86</4 
6 P -Ï 
714 
6*4 
17*» 
33 
2o*» 
1 1 *4 
4 2 ’ ? 
91/4 
13*'? 
4 ’ 4 
1oV4 
16*» 
33*» 
2o 
11*4 
6o*-4 
1 2 "i 
14*4 
1 o*» 
2 1 Ï» 
14 
4 5*4 
SO'/t 
1o$ 
3 '/t 
2 1 *4 
9 *» 
2o'/» 
4 3 

1 4 ’% u n ­ is 
33* » ■ 
77 
37 
17 
18*» 
18*4 
4 * 4 - 

- 1’ 4 

**» 

48 
- 
*4 
1 8'» - 
I 4 
29' ?............ 
1 8'4 — 
'» 
16’ a t 
*» 
29’ » 
- 
'» 
I P 4 
. . 
9 1» k 
' ? 
25’ ? - 
'? 
16'-4 - 
' 4 
1 9 ’ 4. 
. . . 
49 ' % ■ 
' » 
37 
- - 
*4 
493,4 I. 
3 5 ' ? - 
'8 
59’ 4 - 
• 2 
6 *» — 
*» 
6o1-4-T 
P 4 
3 3 ' » - P » 
2 P b— 
'-4 
38 
- I H 
2 1 ' » - 11» 
8 * » - 
’ • 
2o 
- 
’ ? 
1 3 * 4 - 
I 4 
14’ ? 4- 
1» 
I P 4— 
,34 
18’» 
- 1*4 
3 8*4— 
' 4 
3 5’-» — 1’ ? 
!2 'e - 
'» 
26’ i — P » 
2 4 * 4 — 
1 3 
18*% - 1 
2 3 ' ? - 
1» 
24’ ? -- p /4 
4 7t/4 + 
*» 
3 o H — P,4 
1 o * 4 - 
H 
41*» — P i 
52’-» - 
H 
86 '» — 3' ? 
62 
-1- 
' ? 
7* 4 — 
*4 
6 '» — 
' I 
1 7*» — 
*» 
3 3 * e - 
*» 
2 o *4 — 
*» 
12 
............ 
43 
■ 
>4 
9 > 4 + 
*» 
1 3 » * - 
» » 
4*4 . . . . 
1o'-4— 
H 
16*» — n 
3 3 * » — 1 
2o 
— 
*» 
I Î I / 4 - 
1-4 
6 P 4 — 
>4 
1 2 ' / * - 
* » 
15 
— 
•/» 
12* '. + 2 
2 2 * /4 - t'4 
14 
— t/4 
46*4— 2 
51 
— 
3» % 
1o5 
— 
3 
3'/?— 
'% 
2 2 * » + 
'? 
9 *4 — 
',4 
2 o 1 4 — T » 
4 3 6 * - 1 

Y e o rly 
H ig h lo w 
Soles 
(h d s .) H ig h lo w 

51 
25 
4 T « 
5/ 
16’ g 
25 >4 
258 
8> a 
19 ’ .' 
22*h 
; h 
19' K 
19'>a 
4 P 4 
11 J 
6*4 
1o'4 

233 
89 
8o 
3 3 ’ » 
6 ' » 
1o' a 
13' II 
2 o '4 
47 '« 
16 
U ' ./ n > 4 lO H 
13 
34' 
6 '8 
7o 
1o5 
9 '., 
3’ b 
.37' 4 
138 
1/' / 
31 
3o 
39-4 
17 
2814 
3 1 ’ « 
49 
49 
16 8 
1o2 '4 
IP a 
.13 to 
'.‘7 
,i 3’ h 
55-4 
5 ‘ b 
29 
3.1 ‘ 8 
'/6 
25 B 
4o' b 
12*4 
16' 
9 '» 
2 2 'h 
23--8 
13' 
3 8'. 
23 
55’ / 
1« 4 
1o’ b 
17*8 
26 
2 6 '4 
U '4 
7'-« 
13'« 
3 7*4 
39 '« 
1 7' ? 
2 2 '4 
15*4 i n 
24'4 
2o 
I t ' » 
74' .. 
1o7 
99 a 
28' a 
13' ? 
2 4* 4 
37 
43 
77‘ e 
.13' ? 
2 
1o' a 
19 '» 
2 6 '« 
3 P » 
15H tS 's 
18'? 
?4> a 
24*4 
27'? 
26’ a 
2o’ « 
3P-? 
15'? 
2 '« 
17*4 
3 9 * 4 
18*? 
45' a 
27*4 
1 3 H 
3 3 * 4 
56 
13'» 
66*» 
62*8 
53*4 
9 
7* 4 
16’ a 
42 
4 / 
53 
11 
88 H 
93 
5 9 '4 
76*8 
58'-a 
2o*» 
1o*» 
89>a 
1o’ » 
14'» 
IP » 
3o '? 
16'» 
I4 *s 
2 7H 
2 5 '4 
2 9 H 
19*4 
6 
1 3 ? » 
1 3 ' » 
441» 
41» 
14*» 

4 P « Sun Co p t2 25 
19’ a S u n b m 
1 o8 
33' H S u n d str 
1 '2o 
48 
Sunds ot '3 5o 
11 
SunsAAo .U r 
7T b Super V a l 
66 
18o 
S u p rO il 
1 8o 
6 ’ 4 S u p n ik G 
3o 
17’ 
S upm p(1 3o 
16'« S u p rscp 
5oe 
6 ’ II S u tro M t 
IOr 
15*8 S w a n k la 
16” 8 S yb ro n 
96 
37 
S y b rn p l2 4o 
8’ o Sycor 
5' .’ bystro n 
7*4 T R F C p 
34 ’ 4 T R W In 
1 6o 
27o 
7 W'vV p l4 25 
HI 
T R W p14 4o 
73 'a T R W p M 5o 
26*4 T a ttB r d 
1 
4 
T a l f o t t 
B 'a T a lle y 
7( 
IP 
T a lle y pt 
1 

462 
9x 935 
8 
799 
U 
4o3 

46' a 
2 3 ’ » 
38’’ » 
57 
1 4 'b 

44'"» 
2 o '.4 
37 
56’ s 
14 

N e t 
Lost C h g 

45 
I ’ l 
71 
37’ a 
57 
14’ . 

1*8 

Y e a rly 
H ig h lo w 
Soles fh d s .) H ia h lo w 

1 
1ox 737 
25*4 
24 
24 
T ? 
U 
7o 
194' 7 187 
188 
- 
6 'a 
6 
221 
7' 
7 
7' 5 k 
•'4 
4 
18*4 
1 8H 
1 8H 
6 
117 
18*4 
18'» 
1 8'. - 
'« 
■ 72 
93 
6' ? 
6 ' . 
6 '? — 
' » 
6 
74 
1 7'a 
16’ ? 
16’ 7 - 
*a 
8 
149 
18'4 
17'» 
17*4 
7 
38' ? 
38 
38 
... 
’ ? 
7 
16o 
9' B 
8'a 
8’ » 
* ? 
8 
96 
6*4 
6*o 
6 * » - 
*% 
11 
139 
8 
7*4 
7’ a 
' a 
1 
9 
749 
3 8'» 
37'? 
37' ?- 
T . 
1 233 
233 
233 
* 14’ « 
3o 
86 'J 
85 
85 . 
T . 

26''« T a n d y 
11 ’ .1 T a n iIve 11 
9 ‘'» T a p p a n 
24 
32' 
T e ctin icr 
1o 
5 '4 T e t h in ilr 
4(j 
9 
T (>c. h n I c n 
2 8 '.1 T ck tro n x .3o 
4 ‘ i TRUM.or 
3o 
53''!! T i'le rin 
I -151 
9? 
T e lix ly n pf 6 
T e l p rm t 
T elex 
T a in co 
1 88 
Temnc ptS 5o 
1psoro 
1 
T eso r p f 2 .16 
T e x a co 
2 
T e x C o rn T ÍO 
T e x E s t 
1 85 
T x E T p f2 4o 
T x F r o t2 87 
T e x G s t 
2 4o 
T x G s p f 1 5C 
TP i T ex ln cl 
Ib 
75 H T o x in s t 
1 32 
8‘’» T e x in f 
Icx O G s 
2o 
78 '4 T x P cL d 
35e 
1 8'« T e x U til 
1 4 o 
T e x s g lt 
1 2o 
T e x q lf p f 
3 
T e x fi Ind 
T e x tro n 1 4o 
T cx tr pf2 o8 
2 2 'a T e x tr p i i 4o 
19’ « Th io k o l 
84 
32' 8 T h o m B el 
I 
1o 
T n o m ln 
44 
1 5 'i. Ih o n ’ J W 
8o 
7-'» T h n tty 
48 
T ico r 
1 1o 
T id w IT V r 
6o 
T io e rln t 
,5o 
T im e m e 
1 ;*C 
T im e iV ir 
8o 
T im k n 
2 2o 
T is h 'iia n 
T o b in P 
.15«? 
ToddSh 
T o lF d is 2 12 
T o IE d p U .21 
9 ’ b Tonk a C ip 
48 
6 '« TootR ol 
4ob 
1o*4 T ra co r 
78 
3 T » T ra n e 
1 o 8 
3 4 'a T ra n U n 
1 76 
9 '8 T W A 
17 
T W A p f 
T ra n s a 'n .66 
T ra n s pf4.So 
T ra e In e 
1 9 2 
T ra n s co 
1 
T ra n s e n 
52 
T r G P p f ét ó 
T r G P p M o 32 
T r G P p f8 64 
T r G P p t2 SO 
T ra n O h F 
28 
T ra n w y 
3 4o 
T r a vir s 
126 
T r a ve lr p(7 
I9 H T riC o n 
? 11 
3 P , T riC n p (2 5o 
P 4 TriSo/yl 
9 
T r ia n In d 
14' a T ria P a c 
6o 
17'n T r in ly ln 
8o 
25*8 T ro p ica n 
5o 
14 
T u e s n G 1 16 
9 '» T w e n C n 
5o 
15'« T w in D s 
.8o 
17 
T y co L a b 
19- 
T y le rC p 
19' a U A L Ine 
2o'4 U A t pf 
17’ e U G IC p 

2' .1 
31' a 
118 
I T 4 
2 3 'H 
251.1 
31*4 
16'.. 
76 ' , 
29 '4 
I l 
4 
■12 

?.’}'■ 
47 '. 
3 ’ - 
25 
3o' 

13 
1oo 
72' 
17 
8' 
71' 
1o1 
9 |t 
26' 
9 * 
71 
,3o 
37 

39 oo- 4 
8o 
79 
o3 ? 
79 
1.4 
1 
45' ? 

7 
379 
29 
27 
2 /* « 
I H 
22'a 

17 
38 
4' a 
4 
4 
.14 '11 

) 
6*311 
9 'a 
9 
9 ' b * 
*« x ta 
U *B 
U ' b 
U ' b ■ 
14 
1o 
525 
18*4 
18 
18 
'» 
2 2 '8 
6 
1517 
28' 
77 'o 
2 7'» * 
14 
22 
6 
148 
U 'a 
U '4 
U '4 
-*« lO 'j 
1 
9 
*6 4 
1o 
9 '» 
9 *4 , 
2o'4 
7 
5o9 
37 
3 3 '» 
3 4 '« 
2' 4 
1o' a 
J 2ox 394 
Io '4 
9 '» 
9 H s 'n 
9 
28.3 
1Û H 
9 '» 
9'% 
* I 
■I'a 
16 
1779 
3 4 '? 
3 2 '» 
3 3 'b ‘ 
'« 
U ' h 
4 
19/ 
6 '4 
5 '» 
6 ' a 
23 
5 
999 
66 '4 
62'? 
6 2 '» 
3' 
IS '» 
6 
1o4 
1o2'? 
1o3 
1 
11 >4 
36 
82o 
7 I 4 
6*4 
6*4 
14 
15-6 
1o 
399 
2 ' , 
2 *« 
2 ’ ?. , 
49 
7 2744 
33 '4 
32' 2 
32’ ? - 
'a 
5o 
6 
U l ' 4 
121 
121 
- 
2 
6o 
1o 
1o65 
U 'a 
13 
13' 4 - 
89*4 
*328 
'26 
24 '« 
2 4 '» - 
14 
1o7 
8 8514 
77’ ? 
2 6 '» 
26'4- - 
*» 
1o8 >4 
9 
338 
3 2 ’ a 
31*4 
3 1 '» 
' 2 
3 1 '» 
9 
111o 
3 8'? 
3 7’ 
7 38' 4 - 
6 *8 
127 
97' ? 
2 7'B 
2 7H ■ 
14 
2 7' b 
37 
3o '4 
29*4 
3o 
- 
14 
21 
) 
8*229 
46*4 
45' H 
45' 8 - 
T ? 
5 6 '4 
3 
*1 
46 
46 
46 
— 
*4 
4' ? 
IS 
54 
U *4 
14*8 
U ' 2 - 
' 2 
15‘ a 
19 
1157 
85' a 
82 ' b 
84 
- 
U « 
1 7' h 
IS 
668 
1o'4 
9I.J 
9 'a 
*4 
28’ « 
9 
837 
26*4 
2 5 '8 
25*4 
'h 
21 'a 
18 
48 
38 a 
36' ? 
36'? 
1*4 
2 7', 
9 
54o4 
2 o' 4 
19*.. 
2o'« 
' a 
3 9 ’ « 
) U 
39 5 
2 6 '4 
25' ? 
25' ? 
U ’ > 
UO 
49' ? 
48 
48 t ! 
4 2 ’ a 
157 
4 ' ? 
4 
4 '» 
■ 
1 « 
6 ' b 
8 
483 
2 7'a 
26' ? 
2 6 '» 
V a 
9» 4 
64 
3 2*8 
31*4 
31*4 
'« 
12' 1 
119 
25*-4 
24*« 
24>-8 
T a 
3 1 '« 
1 
7 
U 83 
25' a 
73*4 
25 
. 
'» 
UO 
U 
186 
3 3 'a 
32'4 
32*4 
62 
8 
59 
I T 7 
U * a 
I T 7- 
1o'« 
1 
7 
6o 
16'4 
15'» 
16'» k 
' *« 
3I<4 
1o 
162 
8 ’ 4 
7'% 
8 <g 
'« 
2 3’ 
) 
6 
262 
19’ b 
19' ? 
19'» 
7o'4 
7 
UO 
21 *4 
7o-*» 
K 'ê 
'« 
35 
1 
7 
958 
1o*4 
1o*8 to % -- 
*a 
22' 1 
D 
1o*26o 
36 
34 V» 
34*4 
'e 
25'« 
3 
1ox 9oo 
72 '4 
21 *-a 
21' ? - 
16 ‘ a 
1o 
276 
55 
5 T a 
5 3 > » -- 
1' ! 
2 4*4 
26 to 
17'a 
U 'o 
1 7' b -- 
7*4 
1o8 
9 *» 
8 H 
8 ’ » - 
' 8 
19' ? 
75 
169 
15' ? 
1 3 'a 
U ' 4— 
I ' H 
6 '% 
9 
356 
2 5 '» 
2 5 H 
25*4. 
18'« 
17 
25 
24J-4 
25 
* 
' a 
U ’ a 
8 
61 
1o*o 
1o' . 
1o' 4 - 
1 J 
Io '4 
I 1o 
35 
6 ’ » 
6'b 
6 '« 
27' ? 
6 
1o1 
U '» 
IT '? 
I T ? — i 
28'a 
1o 
269 
3 7'4 
3 5 '4 
3 5 '4 - 
U . 
U>4 
9 
943 
3 8 '4 
36' ? 
36 ' 2 - 
I'B 
57 
4 
614 
1o*4 
1o 
1o 
— 
*4 
41 
11o 
2 2 » 
2 1 H 
2 2 ' B k 
* B 
29 'a 
14’ ? 
1oo 
73’ 8 
19*4 
9 
73' 

78' b U G Ip t 
13’ a U M C In d 

4o 
.6o 
6o 
4o 
1 48 t 2 75 
1 
1 '4 U T V IE T T r 
13 'a U O P 
.6o 
3 1 '4 U V In d 
2 
18 a U V In d w i 
36*4 U V In p f I 26 
19 
U A R C O 1 3o n 
Un a rco 
7o 
78’ 4 U n iiL t 
76e 
4 7'« U n iN V 3 33e 
I T » U n B a n e p 
84 

7 2181 
1 
,x l4 2 
8 1138 
6 
43 
7 26o 
782o 1o3* 
762oo 
9 8’ 
241 
4 
18o 
7 
641 
8 
746 
14 
559 
5 
68 
89 
4 
57 
6 
318 
16x 866 
8 1o59 
11 8551 
8 
23 
9 
457 
6 
373 
13 1471 
1 
6 x 51 y l4 2 o 31 
8x 148 
14’ 
59 
9x 4o5 

1 3 H 
1oo 
2 7’ » 
19’ 4 
8H 
77'? 

1 3 H - 1 
1oo 
— 6 
2 2 H - 
1 9 * . - 
8 * 1— 
■ 
73’ ? k 
1*s 
1o1*8 1o3*-4-* 
1*4 

77- a 
12' a 
24*4 
33*4 
39*4 
2o* B 
3 2 'a 
7 
9 H 
18*4 
23*% 
77 
15*» 
15'» 
18’ . 
19 
7o'? 
2 2'? 
2 1'? 
1 9 ’ 4 

279 
1 
1 
1o4 
19 
6 
353 
9x 398 
1 8o 11x 2o67 59 
U C a m , 
o ’ 4 U n C a rb 2 8o 
7 4665 
o ' a 
U n C a rb 'avi 
1 
7 '4 U n C m rce 
14 
52 
5 h U n io n C p 
9 
1o3 
15 
U n E le e 
1 36 
9 
757 
38' 
U n E i p f 3.5o . 
72o 
44 ' a U n E I pf 
4 
7l4 o 
5o 
U n E i p t 4 5o 
7 64o 
2 9 ’ . U n E i pf 7 72 
43 
83 * . U n E i pf 7.44 
4 
86 ’ 4 U n E i pt 8 
5 o H U n o ca l 
2 2o 
6 5 '? U O C a p f2 5o 
48 
U P a cC p 
1 7o 13 
218o 
1 6 '. U n P a c pt 
47 
6 
9 ’ » U n iro y a l 
5o I I 1499 
82 » U n ir y a l p f8 z58o 
8 
U n ß r a n d 
7 
211 
1 2 'a U n B rn d p fA 
112 
1o 
U n itC p 
8oe 
268 
Z5' ? U n E n R s 
1 72 
5x 454 n 
U F in C a l 
4o 5 
666 
11'/? U n G r n fy 
6 
84 
2 5 *» U IM u m 2.4 4 8 x 9 5 
Z3*4 U n illu p f2 .2 o 
78oo 
1 9 '» U n itln cT 
7o 
9 135 
13*» U n itin p f .42 
11 
4 *» U ni fin n 
.14 
6 
6o 
U ‘ » U J e r B k 
I.Û4 
9 
25 
7‘.» U n i 1718671 
, . 
3781 
3114 U n N u cIr 
11 
1525 
2 '? U n P k M n 
3 
3oo 
1o*4 U n R e fg 
56 
7x 1o9 
1 5’ 4 U S F o S 1 2 6 6 . . 
89 
324» U S F id O 
8 
89 o 

I* » 
16'? 
38 's 
18’-? 
44 
2 o '? 
Ì2 H 
33'-4 
5 2'» 
U*-4 

9 
15 26 
22 

18'» 
3 9 *» 
2 6*» 
23 
U S G y p s 1.6o 11 
2 8'a 
2S'/4 U S G y p f).8o . . 
412 
3 « 

51'/» 
SO’ ? 
7'» 
6*4 
1 5 '» 
38'/? 
47 
51'/? 
2 9 * 4 
87 
88'a 
5 3 *t 
69 
57’/* 
19'-? 
9 * » 
8 7’ ? 
8*4 
14’-» lo n 
2 7'/» 
1 5 *4 
U'.'4 
271» 
34 */» 
29</g 
19’ ? 
5 '-» 
13'/4 
9 1» 
4 1 *» 
31 % 
141 /* 
16 
371 » 

98 
2 6 ' b i n » 
24 
3 2 H 
39 
19V« 
32’ 4 
1 '» 
9 
17*4 
2o*4 
25*8 
15’-4 
U H 
17'» 
1 7H 
19'? 
21*4 
2 1 ’ ? 
18*» 
2 9 * . 
13'a 
T a 
15’ ? 
36'? 
18'.? 
44 
2o 
U 
311» 
52’ 4 
11'/» 
56 
5o'/4 
SO'/? 
7H 
5*4 
151» 
38 '? 
46'.» 
5o '? 
2 9 1 » 
87 
88'? 
5 o '» 
67 
54*4 
19 1* 
91-4 
8 5’ t 
8'.» 
13*» 
1o*» 
26*4 
14'» 
11"» 
2 6 '» 
23*4 
26' ? 
17'/? 
51» 
12 '» 
71/4 
39>-4 
3 '» 
13'/» 
15'» 
3 5 '? 

98 
27’ ? 
11 
24 >-4 
32*4 - 
39 
2o 
32' ? - 
1 '« . 
9 ’ » 
17*4 - 
21*4 
27 k 
15*8. 
15 
- 
17’ b 
1 7 * 4- 1'8 
2o 
— 
2 1 ' » - 
2 1 '? 
18’ -4 
29 *.4 — 
1 3* 4- 
1*» , 
15'/» — 
37 
— 1'» 
18 '? .. 
44 
+ 
2 o '» - 
U ' i — 
33'. + 
5 2 ' . - 
I T ?— 
56 
— 2 1 . 
5 o * » - 11» 

 n 

3' 8 

241% 
33 
26V4 
2S'/4 

5o' 
7'» 
5 " » ~ 
15'» + 
3 8'? . . 
47 
+ 
51'? + 
29*4 
87 
- - 1*» 
88'7-k 

5T -'» — 2 *4 
67 
— 2 V , 
55 
- 
2 ’» 
1 9 '? — 
*4 
9 '/j— 
'» 
85’,?— 1 
8'.4 — 
'? 
1 4 '» . 
. . . 
IO'/? - - 
' e 
27 
- 
1.4 
14*/4— 
'» 
12 
— 
1» 
2 6 ' » + 
I 4 
2 4 » » + 
'» 
2 6 '» — 2*» 
17'./?— 2>'4 
5 1* — 
'■? 
12'/» — 
1* 
7" ? - 2 
39'/» — 2 ’» 
31 /4— iS» 

1 3 ' / * - 
'/? 
ISV4— 
9/4 
3514— 
114 
23 
— T ? 
2 5 './4 ~ I 

8',. 
8*-4 
13 
4>8 
27 
5o 
3 T b 
*o G 
181 
U'7 
2 o ' 4 
3o 
25’ a 
7' o 
11 
2 ? ‘ j 
33 '» 
38'» 
IH' 3 
12’ a 

6 rt U S M O m 
.16 8 
58o 
8 
6 ’ a U S ln d 
-fO 8 1o5o 
7'« 
9 'o U S L e a s y 
4o 6 UOS 
U '» 
2 ’ « U S R ty 
98 
4 '4 
1 8'. U S S hoe 
1 2o 6 1 22 4 2 T . 
4 1 '8 U S S ie e l 
2 2o 1o 4143 43 
74 ’ . U STobC 
1 4o 12x 149 
2 9 '» 
34’ « U n T e cn 
1 8o 
7x 3277 4o' » 
155' 1 U n T ch p i o x 2 4 175' a 

714 
6 H 
I T ? 
3 'b 
18*4 
41'» 
29' 6 
37 
163 
U O '4 
U n T ch pt7 32 x 31 
U T ? 116'e 
17'a 
U n i Tel 
1 28 
9 4o54 
2o ? 
19 
? 6 'e U n iT I p U .5o 
19 
3o 
28'? 
22'.1 
U n iT I 2 p tl 5o 
59 
25 '8 
2 4 '» 
6 'a 
U n ifro d 
,1o 
8 
265 
7 ' b 
71% 
9 
U n iva r 
56 
8 
71 
1o 
9 »b 
19'a 
UnivFcJ s 
1 U 
8 
A3 
2 2 '. 
21'% 
79 ‘ a 
U n L e a f 
1 88 
7 
132 
2 9 '» 
79 '? 
3o 
U p jo h n 
1 o8 
U 
6o7 
37 
31*8 
U ’ .- U S L IF E 
4fl 
7 
811 
16*4 
16 
U '4 
U s Iife F 
96 
1o3 
U '% 
I T ? 
39 
, U ta h P L 3 U 
1o 
3o1 
44*o 
43 
21'% 
U ta h P L Wl 
115 
22'? 
2 1 H 
31’ a 
U 1P L p t 2 oo 
72 
33* a 
3 2 '8 

 v - w 
- X 

N e t 

 lo s t C h g . 
2Sb_ 
4 
6 H - 
’ n ' p . . r 
3' » — 
* 
19 '» - 
2 ’ 
41 'a 
T 
29 ' a 
37 ' ? - 2 o 
163 
— 14* 
117 
- 
2 H 
19 ' ? - 
2 9 H - 
*% 
2 4' » - T f i 
7.'4 k 
9 '» 
7 IT 4 
? 9 H — 
31*4 
16 
— 
11*4 
43*4 — 
2 1 ' 8- 
32' s •• 

18'» V F C p 
17’ a V S I C oro 
7 
V a lie vln 
14'4 V a r ía n 
/ ’ .I V a ro Inc 
4 'b V en d o 
3' o V e n ice 
1 
3 
V e s tS e 1 
15 >4 V e te o 
9' ? V ia co m 
V icto r C 
V a E P w 
1 24 
V a F P p f4 U 
V a E P p f4 2o 
V a E P pt 
S 
V a F P pf7 72 
V a E P p f8 84 
V a F f * p t9 75 
3o’ 8 V a E P P12 9o 
4 H V o rn a d o 
167 
2 T ? V u lcn M 1 1o 
7 
15*4 W a ch o va 
54 
9 
45 
W a ch p l2 2o 
3 >4 'A /a ch R ty 
1 1H W a lA A a rt .1o 11 
14'b W rtlq rn 
1 1o 
7 
23 « W lk r A 1.4oa 
7 
17*8 W a ll Bus 
66 
7 
2 o ', W a ilM u 1.2o 
4 
29 'j W a tt J im 
1 4o 8 

U 
45 
45 
S4' 
85 
97' 
1o2 

1 1o 
9 
1o9 
2o'b 
19'» 
1 9 * 8- 
1 
8o 
7 
99 
22 
21'» 
21*4 - 
1 J 
4o 
18 
243 
9 ’ » 
8 '% 
SJ -4-- 
*« 
.28 
13 
994 
1 9 ' b 
18*% 
1 8* 4 - 
1 J 
2o 
5 
1395 
1o’ » 
8*a 
9 H ‘ 
?4 

5o 
S 's 
4 '» 
5 
- 
I J 
2o 
21 
* 4 5 
3 ' . 
3 ' b 
3 '» - . - 
1 31e 
96 
U '« 
14'» 
U ' b— 
*« 
2oe 
8 
391 
17*4 
16's 
17»-4 
*a 
17 
61o 
U '» 
12*4 
U ’ b - 
H 
.2o 
U 
75 
11 *8 
U '4 
I T 4 
8x 165o 15*8 
7 1oo 
48'? y 1oo 
47 
V47o 
58 yiOO 
89 '? x '26o 1o2 y65o 1o7 x 83 
3 1 '8 
5 ' 4 
2 2 '» 
17*-b 
4 7'? 
3 ' b 
13*4 
16 
24’ 4 
18’ 4 
27 
3 3 * 4 

87 
187 
29 
74 
172 
134 
85 x37 
131 
412 
I T ? w a it J p l 
1 
71oo 
U 
3 2 '. w a i t j p f l 6o 
72 
36*8 
S 
W a r d F d 
47f 
67 
6 
6 ' ? W a r n a co 
117 
7'» 
26' ? W a r n s 
1 2 o 
1o 
75 
28*4 
26’ . 
'W rn C o m 
8o 
7 
388 
3o' 2 
97 
W rn C p f4 25 
2 1 o 3 '. 
52 
W rn C p f l 25 
'W rn e rC o 
6o 
5 
59 '? 
8 ' b to 
54 
1o*8 
25 '» 
W a r n r L 
1.1o 
13 276o 
77’ 
4 
21 
W a s h G s 2.o8 
8 
59 
73 ' 4 
16' 
W a s h N .if 
8o 
8 
6o 
19 '» 
3? 
W a s N p f2 SO 
1 
3 3 'a 
18' 
W a s h St 1 
1 
8 
93 
2 o '» 
2o' ? W a s W a l 
1 76 
7 
UO 
2 2 H 
12 
W a sfeAA 
.78 
U 
478 
15*4 
18'4 
■W a ik m J 
.3? U 
1 U 
22’ » 
5 ’ a W a y G o s 
48 
14 
82 
6 ’ « t;-'« 
W a y G p U 6o 
7 
18 

14*» 
48' ? 
47 
55’ ? 
87 
9 9'4 
1o4'? 1o5 
3 o '8 
3o 
5 
2 T ? 
16 '» 
47 
3 * 4 
1 3 ' » 
15'? 
23' ? 
1 7*4 
26 
3 2 * 4 
I T ? 
35’ ? 
5*4 
7* 4 
2 8'» 
29' 

14-s-,-- 
48’ ? k 
47 
H 
5 5 '? — 
87 k 
9 9 '? f 

*e 

1 o3'. 1o3'-a 

5 
- 
211» — 11« 
17 k 
47 
3 * 4 - 
13' ?. 
151» - 
231 »— 
17*4 . 
2 6 ' 4 — 
331 » k 
12 
+ 
3 6 's k 
5 ' » - 
7 '» . 
2 8* 4 k 
'29* 

4 H W e a n U n 
.2o 
12'» W e a n p t 1 26 
8*4 W c^a thrd 
5o 
9 
8 
W e b b D e l 
IS 
24*4 'W eis/V k t 
82 
9 
25*8 W e lis F q 1 12 
8 
9 ' ? W e llF M ,67e 14 
54 
W IP P p f4 5o . 
32' a W IP t P e 2 4o 
7 
2 6 '4 W s tctT r 
1 9 4 
W n A ir L 
4o 
26' ? W n B n c 1 .5 o 7x 89 6 
14' 8 W n N o A 
4ob 
14 
W n P a cin 
17 
W n P u b i 
88 
17’ a W U n io n ! 4o 
5o 
W n U n pf4 6o 
54 
W n U n p t4 9o 
1 2 '. W n U n d e p p f 
■ 
W U T I p f 
6 

1o'» 
3o' a 
2o 
2 o ‘ s 
2o' b 
2 o 'a 
S3'? 
57' a 
U H 
65 
271J 
2 5 H W U T I p t2 56 
21H 
1 6 '. W e s tg E l 
9 / 
5o' ? 
46' a W e s ig p (3 8o 
1 ’ .1 3 16 W e s trn o r 
33 '» 
26 
W s tva co 1 1o 
2o' 4 W e y b rg 
1 5o 
3 3 '» W e y e rh r 
8o 
5o 
W e y r pf 2.8o 
24 
W h e e lF 
.72 
15 
W h e e iP it 
5 8'? W h e lP it pf 6 
5o 
W h e lP if p f 5 
'23’ . W h irlp o l 
1 
2 3 '» 'W hitC on 1 1o 
3 8'. W h ite p fA 3 
, 
3 7'o W h ite p fC 3 
6 ' . W h ife/lA t 
3 
21 '» W h ilin g 
1 5o 
7 
4 '? W h it t a k r 
7 
U 'a W ick e s 
72b 
8 
6' 7 W ie b d tS t 
32 
7 

S X49 x 2o 
582 
569 
2 
5o7 
155 
754o 
UO 
9x 164 
7 
367 

711 
5 
46o 
7x 211 
8 
459 
11 
3 
16o x 9 x 71 
8 4o24 
74o 

5 '» 
13'4 
U ' b 
9 '? 
2 6 '» 
27 H 
U '4 
55*4 
33’ ? 
2 9 'b 
91» 
2 9 '» 
2o 
2o 
19*» 
17*4 
51 *-4 
56 
U '? 
63 
26’ » 
2o 
49 

58' 
9 *4 
2 5 '« 
22*4 
19-1« 
3 3*8 
19’ ? 
2 1 'e 
1 5 '4 
2 T j 
S'R 
17'» 
5 * 4 
U ' . 
I T ? 
9 
26*4 
25*% 
1 1 H 
55 
3 2 '? 
29*4 
8* 4 
28*% 
18*4 
18*» 
IB '» 
17'-7 
5 T ? 
55'? 
U ’ 4 
6 1 ' a 
25» » 
1 9 H 
49' 7 

I 'e 
6 * 
3' 
5% 
1 

25 
*6' ? 
64’ ? 
3o' ? 
2o 
62 
53 
2 7* . 
28 « 
42*4 
41 
8» » 
2 8' 4 
6*8 
14'8 
1o 
2 6 'b 
46 
9 H 
45'? 
6o*4 
6 '» 
IV '» 
3 2 * 4 
1o8 
97’ ? 
2 T . 
2 9 * 4 
22 h 
71 *4 
34 
82'? 
15'4 
5 8 
12*4 
8'a 
2 9 ' ? 
2 6 *4 
39'? 
6 a s 's 
9+4 
U '8 
2 H 
58 >4 
2 5 '» 

9 
36o 
6 x 23 
14 4993 
685 
U 
492 
59 
.7285o 
761o 
11 152o 
/ 113o 
4 
25 
3 
6o1 
7 
73 
499 
497 
54 

89 15 1613 16 
33 
25*« 
36*8 
57 4 
2 9 * 4 
1 5 H 
6o 
51 
26 = 4 
77' t 
42*4 
41 
8H 
27'4 
4 '» 
14*8 
7H 
22» » W i llia m s 1 1 o x 1 82 6 2 4 '« 
43 
W illm s p f.8o 
6' ? W its h rO .12 
9 
4o 
W m n O x 
1 56 13 
55 
W in O x B 
3 '. W i n n b g o 
U 
U ? 
W in te r J 
I 
5 
77*4 
W is cE P 2.12 
9 
1o5 
'W isE p t 
8 9o 
93 
W is E p f 
7 75 
1 9 '» 
W is G a s 1,7o 
28 
W is O p f 2.55 
19'? 
W is cP U 1 6o 
1 8'. W iS C P S 
! 46 
23 
W itco 
1 4o 
71 
W itCO P» 2 65 
U 
W it t r D 
.6o 
4 
W o lvr W 
U 
1o'4 W o m e tco 
48 
6> ? W o o d C p .4o 
19' ? W o o d P e i . X 14 14,18 
2 '.'» W o lw th 
1 4o 
6 1263 
31 '4 W o Tw p f 2 2o 
47 
4' » W o r ld A ir 
2o 
9o 
7o*8 
W r ig ly 2 4oa 11 
43 
8' ? 
W u r lfz r 
4o 
6 
156 
9 *8 W y ta in 
.6 o 12x 271 
1'4 W y lvC p 
. 
296 
4 3 '» X e r o x 
I 6 o 1 o *5 89 8 4 7’» 
15'» 
X t r a 
16e 
6 
8o1 
2 5 '» 

6 
315 
779 
1 
56o 
51 
29o 

84 
3 
9 
256 
9x 229 
8 
93o 
3 
4 
172 
6 
58 
6x 162 
8 x 83 

3 o '» 
24 
3 3 '» 
5o 
2 8'» 
IS '» 
58' ? 
5o 
25' ? 
26 '4 
41*4 
4o*4 
7 ' . 
2 6 * 4 
41 7 
1 3 '» 
7'a 
2 4 'e 
43 
8 
4 1 ' . 
57 
3 '» 
1 5 '. 
29 ’/ . 

43 
8' ? 
42'-? 
57 
4 ’» 
1S*.4 
3o 
7574o 1o7'» 1o6 
736o 
9 6 '? 
9 6 '4 
2 o H 
28*» 
21 
19'-? 
3311 » 
82 
13 
41/4 
I T ? 
7*4 
27*/« 
2 1 '» 
33 
5'./? 
85 
9 '-. 
1 3 '» l» -4 

7o '» 
2 8'. 
2o*» 
18'4 
3 1 '4 
81 ’.? 
U '» 
4'» 
1o *4 
7* . 
25 
2 1 '» 
31'.? 
5 
82 
8'? 
1 2 '? 
I H 
44*/4 
23'-? 

58 
9 x 4 - 
■26*» -- 
23'4 - 
19*% *- 
3 3 *» k 
19' ? - P b 
22 
- 
1 5 H - 
21'? — 
6'-4 , 
1 7'» 
5 * 4 - 
1 3 '8— 
U ' . k 
9 ’ 7 k 
2 6 * 4 
2 5 * » - 2’ 8 
1 1 H — 
55’ ? - 
3 3 ' » - 
29*8% 
8 * 4 - 
2 8 '» — 
19'g 
1 8' » - 1 
1 8' a - 
1 7* 4 - 
5 1 '? * 
56 
► 
1 
U * i r - 
6 1 ’ ?.. 
26'4 k 
1 9 * 4 - 
4 9 'V 

3 o '! — 2*4 
24 
- - 
' 
341 . - 2 
5 o — 2' 
2 8' s - 1'» 
1 5 ' . - 
59 
- 1 
SO 
- 
1 
25' a— 1 
2 6 * » - I 
42 *4 * 
1 
41 
, 
7 H - 
27 
4 ' a — 
14 
+ 
7'% - 
2 4* 8 - 
43 
. . . . g 
_ 

4 2 ' 4 ~ 
57 
— 1 

15' 1- 
29' ? - 
1o6’ ?— 
9 6 '4 , 
2 o '» — 
2 8 ' » - 
2 o H + 
19 
-4- 
31 '? — 
81 '-? - 
U ’ » 
- I'» 
4 '» , , 
1o*4— 
H 
7 * » - 
*9 
2 6 * r - 1 
21*/. t 
33 
+ 1 
5 '- » - 
82 
3 
9 
+ 
1 2 H - 
I H 
, 
4 5 ' » - 1 + 4 
23 H 
- 2 

13*4 
16'*» 
15 
14*4 
8H 
28 
16 

8o 
3ob 

1o'8 Ydte% 
.OSe 
14' ? Z a ie C p 
.88 
U 
Z a ie p fA 
1o 
Z a p a ta 
2 
Z a y r e C p 
2o 
Z e n ith R 
13 
Z u r n ln d 
.48 
9 
W E E K L Y NY 
Tota l fo r w e e k 
W e e k a g o 
Y e a r a g o 
T w o y e a rs a g o 
J a n I to d a te 
1926 to d a te . 
I 
1925 to d a te 

■ Z - - 

115 
1 3 '. U 
12 
- l'-4 
254 
151-4 14'.? 
1 4 '/? - 
+4 
1o 
U H U * » 
U ' t — 
'a 
4o2 
I T ? 1 o '» 
! o '/» ~ 
* i 
537 
7's 
7 
71/4— 
*1 
1848 
24'-4 2 3 H 2 3 '» -- 
+1 
395 
14*4 
14 
1 4 T * - 
I/, 
S T O C K S A L E S 
.......................93,4oo,oo1 
...................I l l , 49o,oo1 
84,747,7K 
6o,142,93« 
. . . . 
2 ,1 45,83o,oo 
2.4 3 4 ,3 2 8,2 o 
2,16 2 ,1 3 1 ,4 o 

Yeorly 
Htgh low 
Solos 
(hds.) High low lo s , ^ '; ; » 'S a n A n t o n i o E X P R E S S - N E W 
S — 
S o t u r d o y M a y 2 8 
1 9 7 7 

 y a 
28 
13'» 
1 1 H 
7H 
V ? 
15*4 
9 '» 
7'» 
U ’ 4 
2 7'» 
?’ » 
8 
3 7'. 
4'-8 
IS '» 
T j 
7'» 
19 
4 P » 
15'« 
8' . 
I t a 
1 8'. 
11*4 
I T a 
7' » 
17*4 
8'» 
5 H 
6' » 
V'B 
3 '4 l / ' 4 
I H 
21 
76 
,12'» 
7’ « 
17'e 
3 
I T a 
6' I 

6 'r 
4 
1 6 '. 
1o 
25 4 
? '« 
13'4 
2 
6 ' a 
1 o ''I 
1o'» 
3 ' h 
I6 '4 
1 3H 
6 '» 
3 H 
6' » 

7 
2’ a 
4 
6 '» 
7'r 
I T j 
P . 
1o’ 4 
IS a 
IS 'i- 
8H 
21 •« 
1o’ « 
!' -a 
3 
7H 
U H 
I I 
1o'« 
7's 
I ‘ M 
1 *R 
I T h 
'JH 
I6 '4 
? H 
17'.. is% 
S' .1 
15'4 
5 
■T« 
5 'h 
I t ’ » 
17' « 
'24',. 
6 U 
18'4 ft' 
32' a 
9 '« 
J' a 
IT . 
4' , 
9 Tl 
IB 'r 
22'4 
5 '» 
? ’ « 
9 H ft' H 
« ' ? 
3-« 

22 
22b 
9 lOe 
6 
2oe 21 lOe 

6*4 U a m s o n 
TO*-» D a n ie l 
9 '» D a ta p d 
7'» Oa yAAin 
7' 4 O J u r A 
I 
D e R o s e 
14 
D e iL a b s 
7*4 D e ih iO il 
6 '4 D e ilw d F 
8' a D e n T a iE 
I V 4 D e p s iir 
1 52 
P 4 D cs g n J w 
5 '» D e vC p A 
26’ 4 D e vo n G p 
2 '» D ig iro n 
12*4 D illa rd S t 
'» D io d e s 
1* 4 D .s F a b 
13' a D ive rs e v 
35*4 D o m e P t 
U '4 D o n ,ta r 
6 ‘ 4 D o n k e n y 
11*4 D o w n y 

215 
*6 9 
299 m 
1 
6 
36 
6 x 18 
2o 
26o 
54 
8 
7 

7H 
7T ? 
1o'? 
9 *« 
7'? 
T-» 
1 4 » 
9 ’ '4 
6 */. 

7 
7',» — 
2 o H 
21 
- 
9 '» 
1o’ 4— 

 lOr 
9 x 163 U '4 

8 
7'? 
1 
14 
8'» 
6 * 4 

4o 
5 

.lO e 
56 
9 
7 
oo 14 
28 
4 
37e 
4 
1 6 'b D r e x U ti 
132 
8' a D r ivH a r r 
9 '» D r q F a ir 
4ob 4 
1 '« D u n lo p 
o7e 
6 
1 3 '. D u p ix fld 
I 
6 
6' ' D u rT s t 
3ob 
8 
3 'a D y n lttn 
o« 
19 
4*4 D y n A m 
6 
4 i j O y n e ilE l 
19 
2 '« E A C 
6 
IS '? E D G in c 25c 
T b f= a g leC 
17 
E a r th R e s 
I 
8 
4 T '» E rtSonO ,?ob 24 
2 3 '. E s irn C 
1 6o 
1o 
1'« E a /o r E 
1o'.1 E cO fiyn 
7 
F d m o s 
9 U E D O 
4 ' il F g o n /V 
4 ' . E h re n P 
5 
E ti-o rC p t 'c E IH o s e 
3’ 4 F .iA u d D 
D H Elee iro q 
7 -i> Elea E n g 

6 
5 
14 
6 
85 
6713oo 
123 
4 
42 
27 
97 
449 
2 
1o 
29 x 2o 
13 
72 

19 *4 
1 '» 
7*» 
28'? 
3 '? 
13'? 
1 
2 
17*« 
3 8* 4 
13*» 
7H 
13 
16' a 
I T . 
9 H 

 lO H 
I T » - 
19 '? 
19''?— 

8’ ? - 
7’.•'?— 
1 
............ 
14 
— 
9 
— 
H 
6 *» — 
* i 

1*4 
6 *4 

13 

2321 16 
36 
16’ ? 

I H — 
' I 
6 * 4 - 
* , 
77',-4 
28’ ?— 
*> 
7 ' b 
3 '? k 
*4 
13'-? + 
'■» 
'» 
1 k 1 t < 
1 "* 
2 
- 
'( 
16*4 
17 
- 
’ ■4 
36'.-4 
36’ 4 - 1*4 
13*8 
13*8 
. . . 
7 ' b 
7 '» . 
.. 
U H 
12*4 
* 
16*8 
1 6 ' ? - 
' lO H 
1o*4— 
' 
9 ’ '8 , 
. . . l ' » - 3 1< 

24 
3o 

3oe 
4o 
7o-1 
U 

211 
1 
78 

53 
188 
217 
193 
26 
o 
96 
351 
58 
2 
7 
81 
33 
37 
5 
52 
6o 
31 
82 
16 
18 

7 
4 '» 
5 '» 
5 '» 
3 H 
15*/. 
I* » 
71 H 
74 
3o’ ? 
5 '» 
16' ? 
3 lO H 
5 H 
5 
5 H 
4 ? 
3*4 
14 
8 

9 '« 
1"» 
1 5 '» 
Id ' ? k 
6 '» 
6'-» 
4 '? 
4 '» 
4 H — 
* 
4''« — 
' 
5 
- 
1 
3 '? 
3 '? . . 
. 
1 5 H 
1 5 H - 
' 
I ' e 
P 
. - 
' 
I 9 H 
2o’ . — T : 
73 '4 
73’ 
3 o ' . - 
'-. 
4 '» 
1 5 *. 
15*4— 
*'- 
2 * . 
2 'P 
'( 
1o*% 
1o 7 - 
' i 
5 ”» T 
'a 
5 
5 '? k 
1, 
4 ' » - 
I-, 
3*8 

3o'-4 
4 'a 

5 H 
4 '» 
5 *4 
4'% 
3' 
1 3 H 
14 
- 
7'« 
8 
- 

4 'e 
E n g y R s 
F r n s fE C 
64 
9 
63 
6 ' . 
6 
6 '4 ■ 
1, to 
6 
357 
U '4 
U ' i 
1 7* 4 - 
*1 
P a 
E ro In d 
9 
5 
1*4 
1*4 
1*4 
4 '« t s p o y AAf 
8 
66 
5 H 
5 '4 
S '? k 
* ( 
7 ' h E s q R a d 
39e 
4 
23 
9 *8 
8*4 
8*4 - 
1. 
7 ' b E s s e x C h 
4o 
6 
71 
1o 
9 *8 
9 * 8- 
H 
I 'a 
F t z l.a v 
88 
5 
2'% 
2'% 
2 H - 
' 1 
11 
E va n A r 
2or 
1o 
57 
U 
13 
U '% 
5 ' . 
F : * P f In d 
2 
331 
6 '4 
5'% 
6 '4 k 
'■( 
4 
E x p cu tn 
271 
13 x S2 
6*4 
6 'd 
6' 7 ‘ 
7‘ a F O IIn c 
O le 
11 
9o 
3 '. 
3 
3 
- 
3 ' b f P A C o rp 
21 
6 
5 'e 
5 'a 
5 ' » - 
'% 
4 '4 
F a b in d 
25c 
5 
55 
7'/. 
6*4 
7 
2*4 
F a b ie n 
o5j 
19 
17 
3 
2 '» 
2 '» k 
'% 
T h 
F a ir T e x 
8 
I H 
I H 
I H . 
I 'a 
F a ir iN o b 
19 
I ' a 
1*4 
1*4 
T .■ F a ir m C 
U e 
1o 
2 
2 '? 
2 ’ ? 
2 ' ? - 
' e 
5 ' h F a m D o Ir 
7o 
6 
28 
6 
5 ’ ? 
5 ' b 
2 
F a m lR c 
15e 
4 
3 
7*8 
2 ’ b 
2 ’ fl-k 
' a 
9 *« F a n n y F 
.5oe 
6 
3 
9 *4 
9 *4 
9 *4 ‘ 
' » 
1.1 16 
F a s h F a b 
1o15 16 
' » 
11 16 
6 ' ? F a y D r g 
U 
8 
32 
8'» 
8'4 
8 H - 
>7 
U 'li 
Fix lA A a rf 
6o 
5 
18 
U >4 
14*8 
U '? - 
13' B F e d R Ify 1 74 
U 
26 
U *B 
U*'4 
13*4 - 
'» 
4 '« 
FeciWes 
1264 
8H 
7>% 
7* » - 
P f 
16' 4 F H m n t 
2oe 
17 
55 
19*-4 
19 
19 
- 
'% 
7 '« 
F e ls w a v 
36 
5 
15 
9*-» 
9 '4 
9 ’ 4 
'« 
F ib r e b r d w l 
22 
'» 
5» - 
'/« 
I 's 
F id e lco 
97 
1' b 
I H 
1' b * 
I f 
1 '4 
F ilm C p A 
26 
P b 
P-4 
P - 4 - 
¡fi 
7'4 
F ilm w y 
IOr 
7 
168 
8*» 
7*4 
8* « * f t ' 4 
F in G en 
4o 
5 
17 
1o' 7 lO 'a 
1 o ' 4 - 
' 7 ft'« 
F in G n A 
4o 
12 
1o'» 
1o 
1o 
- 
' » 
6' / 
1 tC onn 
5oa 
U 
17 
7'? 
7<4 
7'? - 
'% 
13 16 
F s 'H a r t t d 
3 15 16 
'» 1 5 16 
'1 16 
3 ’ .i 
F s tH r t pf 5o 
2 
4 '» 
4' » 
4'%. , 
9 » « F t SI Sh 
o5e 
11 
29 
1o*4 
1o'? lO H - 
•*k 
I 's 
F s im r k 
3 
1'» 
P « 
P » 
U 4 F iS C h rP 
481 
6 
116 
151» 
14'? 
I S ' b - 
' j p 
2 
F is l'in h n 
2o 
2 
2 
2 
I5 '4 
F itch b G 1 44 
1o 
16 
IS 'B 
1 5 H 
I5 'a k 
'4 
T s f 'a g g 
13 
I ' a 
P-» 
1*» ■ 
' 8 
3 'b 
F la q s M ff 
U 
5 
24 
4 
3'% 
3 X4 
<f l l ' a 
F h Q h tS I 
U 
9 
74 
U *R 
1 1 H 
U 
' , - 
' ? 
4' a F IrtC a p 
5 
8 
4 '. 
4 ' b 
4 '4 
3 a F la R ck 
15 
47 
41» 
4 
4' 8 k 
'» 
3 'a 
F ip w G e n 
5 
71 
5 
4' V 
4 '% - 
* r 
U '4 
F lo w e rs n +4 
7 
59 
U ' b 
U '4 
U '4 
U 
F lu k e J 
731 
1o 
34 
U * 4 
U *% 
1 4 * ,- - 
1 ; 

2 o ' a 
F iy D ia O 
7 
246 
2 2 '. 
2 1 '4 
21’ 4 - 
1¡ 4 
5' ? F o o d rn i 
4o 
5 
12 
6 '? 
6>a 
6 '-? k 
9 ‘ . Fooclw s ,2oa 
7 
137 
16*4 
15'-e 
16' B 
*'4 
7'. I 
F o otc,M 
2Se 
11 
6 
7>4 
7'4 
7 ' 4, . , 
2 7 * 4 
F o cte p f2 2o 
8 
32 
3 1 '4 
3 1 ' 4 - 
1 
7 ' « 
F o re s tC 
OSe 
9 
9 
9 
8 ' f l 
8 ' b - 
' 6 
2 *« 
F o re s t L a b 
6 
37 
3 ' b 
3 
3 
6 ’ « F o x S ta P 
SO 
1o 
58 
7 ' ? 
7 ' 4 
7'4 — 
1 J 
3 'a f r a n k ln R t 
57 
4 *8 
4' » 
4 ’ b - 
* f 
8 
F r,tn k N u 
4o 
6 
27 
8 X4 
8H 
8' ?— 
1 J 

15' ? F r a n tz 
o o 1 
6 
12 
16'% 
15’ ? 
1 5 * 4 - 
H 
16' . 
F re s n illo 
4o 
38 
43 
19'? 
17's 
1 8*-4 - 
1 
4*.i 
F rie cfm 
28n 
6 
7 
5 
4 ' b 
5 
'% 
I'a 
F rie n ctF r 
3 
2 
2 
2 
' 8 
7’ ? 
F r iq 'm p 
551 
5 
235 
7'e 
7 ' ? 
7X4 - 
I 4 
6 b F ris ch s ,3ob 
9 
11 
7'% 
6 ' b 
7 
— 
' a 
6 
F ro n t A ir 
IVf 
5 
U S 
8 ' b 
7 ' ? 
7*4 
' 2 
2 '- 
F ro n t A ir -wt 
74 
3 
2*4 
2 ' b - 

2'% 
T d G IT 
In d 
1 '» 
?' . G R IC p 
1 *n 
1 
G 5 C E .I 
>2c 
8 
2 '(. 
P » G T I 
6 
18'4 
12’ « G a b n e i 
1o 
7 
5 ’ .i 
*■'« G rila x y 
6 
U ' b 
B 'b G a t a n 
6o 
5 
3 
1 ' » G a r c 1 a 
■1'» 
3' 1 G a rla n d 
4 
U H 
8- o G a te s L rict 
3 
5 'a 
3' ? G a y lo rd 
15e 
3 
1 >.,11 
16 G a y n o r 

C 
- H 
- f 

 lU 
9 5 
21 
43 

I* « 
3 ’ » 
T% 
1 

1*» 
2 '« 

I H 

1*8 
7 ' » - 
T b * 
I H 
22o 
1 4 H 
13*4 
U *» - 
3 'a 

7 H 
1 > ) G n E m p 
21r 
15 » 
5 '« G e n E x p 
3 ' b 
1 '4 C jn H o u s 
1 
.11 16 G n R e cr e 
3*8 
2 
G o n g e 
1 ■ u G e n is co 
4' a G e n o vO r 
I ' j G eo n In d 
4 '» G e r b e r 

9 
21 
13 
U 2 
22 
2 
25 

5 ' b 
9 'e 
2 
3 '? 
8* 4 
3*4 
1 
2*8 

9 '? 
1 '» 
3 ”» 
3 ' b 
3 '? 
1 
2 ' b 

! I 
6 *8 
7' 4 

2o 
31 7 
1 2*8 
I T 
3 
219 
3 
2*4 
2113 1611 16 
6 
52 
2 *» 
2 ’ b 

4 ' . - 
9 ' ? - 
2 
3*? 
8' ?--- 
3 ' ?— 
1 
2 ’ . 4^ 
1 T b 
2 ’ -4 — 

5o 
3 o 7, 
5 
3 
1o5 
8 
47 

1’ ? 
4 H l*/4 
8*8 
1 8's l 6 'a G i a n l F d t 2o 
5 
36 
1 7*. 
17 
8* b 
6 
G ia n t Y e l 
275 
6 ’ ? 
6 
3 H O la s r o ck 

1' 
4 ' a 
1*8 
7'» 

19 '? 
17 
G ia t f lt r 
6' a 
4 's G le n G e r 
17 
1 6 H 
17*4 
U ‘a 
3H 
■1*8 
15 l-l'B 

T a 
2*« 

8 ' . 
7 
8 ' b 

9o 
6 
,16 25 

 lO H 
6 ' 4 

U ' S 
G 'cn O 'S 
4ob 
6 
U ' .- G lo b e In 
7o 
7 
9 ' ? G lo sser 
32 
5 
9 
C lo u cs tE 
4 
2 ' b G lo ve r lOe 
3 ' b G id b 'a ft 
28 
7 
1o 
G o ld n C vc 
38 
9 *a G o ld n W 
45 
6 
' a 
G o ld f ie ld 
1*4 (SoodLS 
o7r 
21 
6 
G o o d rich w t 
4 '» 
G o rin S t lOe 
6 
19' ? G o rm R 
.9oa 
9 
3 'd 
G o u ld IT 
22e 
9 
5 ' h G ra n d A u 
3o 
5 
6 ' « G rn d C fl 
3o 
5 
5 *« G 'A m In d 
4 
5’ j 
G IB rts in P 
48 
31 •» G tL k C h 
32 
13 
3' « G re e n m n 
4 
5'd 
G r e e r H v 
U 
5 
6 
C R E IT 
4o 
1o 
13'« G ro s s T Ic 
1 
7 
8'-? 
G o a rd C 
5o 
8 
■1*8 G u ilfo rd 
2o 
3 

38 
4 '» 
4 *4 
76 
1 8H 
17 

48 
13 
29 
16 
1 
9 'a 

4'» 
U 
14’ 2 

9 'g 
9 's 
3 ’ a 
2 '» 
23 
4' 
58 
12*8 
11 
74 
13*o 
U 
1 
T'-a 
1 
6 '» 
6 
4 '» 
4 

264 
7ft 
36o 
5 

6 H 
5*4 
7 
6*4 
3 * 4 
35*4 
3 '4 
6 
6 * 4 
15*8 
9 *8 
5*4 

6 '8 
5 * 4 
7 
6' 4 

3 '» 
5 '» 
6 ’ 4 
15*» 
9 '» 
S’ ? 
2 8'» 
23*4 G ilO C n 
1 o 8 27 x 13 
24’ ? 
23*-. 
2 3 * 4 - 
U ' . 
7'. 
2*8 

G II R e p F n 
5 ' b G u lt s t r m 
H a lco P d 

1 2 '? 
1 2 'b 
1 2 '? 
6<4 
1'? 

51 
32 
6 *4 
26 
P 4 
7 
14'a 
U ' 7 H a lls V io t 
72 
5 
. 
8 ' M 
3 'a M a m p D .15o 
15 
11o 
8'» 8 ' b 
6 ' . 
4 'a H a m p ln 
4 
88 
4 */. 4 '» 
13*8 
11*8 H a n n trd 
72 
5 
21 
1 1 H 11*8 
11*3 
9 ' b H a n y rS h 6o 
5 x 14 
1o'? 1o 
3 *4 H a n S q R t 
38 
3 '» 
3*4 

2* , 
'/4 
T ? k 
'8 
41 
' 8 
1’ ? , . , 
B 'd — 
'*/4 
17 '? 
6 * 8 - 
' B 
4 X4 - 
' 8 
1 7 'b - 
P'g 
5 
12*8 -■ 
' a 
U 
' s - 
I ’ d 
9 's k 
'4 
9 '» — 
’ B 
3’ a-k 
'4 
4 'd k 
' 4 
U H - 
' 2 
12' J.... 
1 
' f l — 
' a 
I ’ i 
6 
~ 
'» 
4*4 • 
' a 
22 H — 
*4 
6 * , - - 
'■? 
5 * . 
1 J 
7 
. 
6 '..— 
' ? 
8 ' b - 
' 8 
35*4 
3 ' b - 
* 4 
5 '» . . 
6 'd — 
H 
15 * b 
9 ' d - 
'%■ 
5 '? — 
1 4 
2 3* 4- 
'8 
U '? . 
6 ' d - 
*4 
1 ', - - 
’ 6 
13'% 
8 'b 
4 J'B -- 
'-4 

5 
2 1 * 4 
5 *8 
18*9 H a rla n d 
4 
H a rtld Z cl 
8 
197 
13'» 
11 
H a ru T V l 
T b I I 16 H a r ve y 
9 
2o 
9 ' ? 
7’ ? H a s b ro 
2o 
4 
35 
IT 2 
7 '2 H a s tin g 
,4oa 
8 x 11 
4' ? 
3*4 H a w a i A .lO r 
4 
5 
9 ’ a 
6*4 H e a lth C h 
11 
8'a 
6 ' b H ea lthA A 
3o 
5 
2 '.i 
1*4 
H e in ick 
,1oe 
8 
2 
1 'b 
H e itm M tg 
4 
2 'a H iG In c 
31 
6 ’ 4 
5 
H iS h e a r 
6 
6 
4''» H ig h la n d 
5 H H illh a vn 
44 
5 
5’ 7 H ip fr n ic 
2o 16 
2 ' . H o t m a n 
6 

*1+» — 
>4 
1 o '2 k 
' ? 
3* 4— 
' o 
6o 1o 
6o 
2 1 '. 
2 o '» 
21 
- 
4'’% 
4+ b 
4*'» — 
3o 1o 
19o 
I T ? 
11 
I T s — 
' b 13 1613 1 6 - 1 16 

99 
47 
4o 
137 
21 
6 
68 
4o 
55 
35 

8 
7H 
3 'a 
7 
3o 
26' 
26’ a 
2 2 'a H o m e O B 
75 
6 
23 
H o rrn e l 
1 U 
5 
4 ' j H o r n H a r 
9 * b 
6 '» Ho% pM 
6oe 
14 
13'8 
I T 4 H n tei 
1 32e 14 
4' » H o u s R o n 
3o 
5 
4 ’ » H o u -'e V i 
32 
13x 224 
7’ . H o iiT J IIn n 
35 
36 

9 
7 *'4 
4 ' b 
8 
8*» 
2 
1*» 
3 '? 
5 *8 , 
6 
7H 
7'? 
3 

8*4 
7'? 
4 
7 ' . 
8 
1 '» 
T b 
3 ' b 
5 ' . 
6 
6 *-4 
6 'a 
2 'a 

83/4— 
I 
73» --- 
' 
4 ’ » .. .. 
7' ?— 
’ 
8* 8+ 
' 
2 k 
I 
T'4 
3' B -- 
’ 
5 * 8+ 
6 
, 
. , , 
7 
— 
* 
7 
— 
3 
3 

2 8'. 
7'.I 

5 's 
5 » 
9 H 

4 H H o lly C p 
9 
134 
5 '» 
5*-» 
5 *» — 
* 
6 ' . H om c-O A 
75 
7 
6 
28'4 
27’ ? 
77' ? 
......... t 
23*4 
2 3*4 
2 3 * 4 + 
I 
SO 
2 5 '? 
24*/4 24*/4— 
*/4 
33 
31 
7 
9 

6 'b 
9 'b 
U * 4 
4 ’ 2 
5 « 
8+4 

5 * 4 
8'a 
U '7 
U ' 

6 ' . - 
o ' . - 

4*8 
4?b 
8' ? 

4 * » - 
5 k 
8' 7 — 
6 o ’ a 
3 9 'J H o u O ilM .8o 22 4428 
53 
49 *» 5 o '» — 2 's 
74 
14’ ? 
1 4 '. 
1 4 * « - 
* 
16 
4 ' . 

37' 
S 'b 
6 2 

4 » 
6' 7 
7'» 
3'a 
I 

52 
T ? 
7' 8 

14 
3 7' b 
3 6 ' b 
37 
- 
U 
32 
3 7'. 
3 6 ' b 
3 7'. k 
3,, 
4 ' . 
5 H 
5 'e 
5*4 
34’ ? 
34 
75 
13*/. 
U *'4 
U 's — 
'? 

,32t 
5 

2o 
5 

19'4 
13‘4 H o w e IC 
.4o 
U 
5 
3 '? H o w e ll 
.15e 
4 
37' a 
3 3 'a H u b e llA 1 5o 1o 
3 3 'a H u b e i IB 1.5o 1o 
4 
H u cK M tg ,2o 
8 
4 '4 H u d s n G n 
6 
3 7'4 
3 T ? H u d 8o 
1.52 
8 
I4 'a 
I T a H u ffm a n 
5o 
5 t 
3 ' b H u n tH It 
19e 
4 
28*4 
18'» H u s k y O 
.8o 
8 1o22 
27' 
4 *8 
314 H y cclin c 
14 
158 
4 
3 '? IC H C p 
4 '? IC 7V R 
5 'b lAACAAq 
T b IS C F in I 
9 16 IT IC p 
7 
5 H Im p C h 
T ? 
3 
23’ 4 
2 '» 
1 '» In a rco 
1 4 'b 
1 T b ( n co lr m 
9 
47 
In P L p f 
4 
, 
1 
In f liq h t S v 
I H (n o lex 
4''« ln t,trn n 
.2o 
1 ' b U 16 In s tr S y s 
U '4 
6 ’ ? In s S y p t 25e 
2 
1*8 in t e g R e s 
2o 
15'? 
1 o 'b In tlA lu m 
5o 
7 
•Ta 
2 ’ ? In lB n k n t 
14 
61 5 
3' 2 
3 's 
1 3 'b 
H * 4 In tC o u r 
28 
9 168 
U '» 
U 
7-'4 l ' . i In tF d S vc 
3 » 
2 'h In tF u n r l 
,o5e 6 

4 
— 

4 ' » - 
T 
5’ 
34 
— 

T b im p lG p 
Im p e r (no 

3oe 
o7e 

25 

22 
19 
57 
$9 
27 
31 
25 
28 

3 *8 
3 '» 
25 
3’ -'4 
3* 4 
5 ’» 
5 '» 
1 '» 
+» 
6*/4 
1’ . 
2*? 

5 * 4 
6 
1'4 

6 '» 
1*» 
2 '» 

3* 
25 
— 2' 
3 ' ? - 
'a 
3 'a 
5 ' » 
- 
*■» 
6 
1*4— 
'» 
H 
- 
'» 
6 *4 , . 
I I 4— 
2' 
18' .> Im p O ilA 
,86 
9x 474 
1 9 '» 
18'? 
19 
2 
2 ' b 
2 H 
2 ' b + ’ » 
49 
1 2 *8 
11+8 
11?» — 1 
72oo 
52 
5 o '? 
5 o ' ? - 
45 
1*4 
1 '» 
IV4 + 
'e 
3 
1*4 
1» 4 
1*4 . 
24 
7*4 
7H 
73« — 
82 413 1611 16 
* 4 — 1.16 
26 
7'a 
7 
7 
— * . 
75 
I H 
1?« 
1 *» + 
47 
1 5 'a 
1 4 '» 
1 4 '« — 1 
3 H ~ 
*1 
U ' ? k 
* 
2 
2 ' - . - - I 
21/4 
2 '/ 4 - ' 
2*8 
2 *« 
15'» 
1 2 '. In tG e n in 
9o 
5 x 33 
14*» 
13*4 
14 
7'? 
/1'4 In fP ro fn 
5 
225 
7'4 
6 H 
I I 
6 '? ( n t S e a w 
6o 
4 
33 
1o'4 
1o 
7 
I I 4 I n t S t r t ch 
42 
1*» 
1 '4 
2 9 H 
17’ » In fS y s C 
T .-11 16 ( n icr p h o l 

7' 4 k 
3 ^ 
1 o ' » - 
' ( 
1 ' . — 
'a 
.25 
14 x 8S 
2 T 4 
193 . 
7o '» — 
?. 
11 
511 1611 1611 1 6 - 1 16 
1 8'a 
143% In trp o o l 
QSg 
6x 123 
18'? 
16?» 
17 
— T . 
2 3 H 
U ' a l n t r w a y 15e 
6 
464 
23'-4 
2 T . 
2 1 '? — I ' l 
2*4 
1*8 In ve s t F la 
I I 
T ? 
I H 
1 ? » . 
2 o '« 
1 7'? | n vD vA 
2oe 
5 x 77 
2 o '» 
19 
1 9 ',v- 1*. 
S '. 
4 ' . In vO vB 
o5« 
5 x U 8 
5 
4 '» 
5 
+ 
'-i 
1o2 
7H 
7*/. 
71 ? 
15 
1o3 
23» » 
2 1 '? 
2 2 H + 
4 *8 in vR t T r 
14*4 Io n ics 
6 H Iro q B rd 
2o 
7 
14’ . Iro q B rn d of 
6 '» 
4* b Ir vin in d 
1o 
4 
7*4 
6 *8 
K r a e iO 
75e 

7H 
2 4 1 . 
8' ? 
17 
44 
8*» 
7'» 
7'» - - 
37 
171-4 
16’ ? 
16*4 
4"« 
5 
, 
6*-4 
6 H — 
7/4 
5'.« 
7 

J * K - K 

7'* 
5 *4 J a ciy n 
1 4 '« 
1o*4 J a co b s 
12 
8's J a m s w y m 
U H lO 's J i-a n n e 
3 'm» 
2 * a J e tro n ic 
6 ' . J o h n P d 
3 
4'» Ju 

8' b 
4'. 

4ob 6 x 11 
6 H 
6 ' . 
4o 
6 
65 
U '-8 1 1 H 
4 
97 lO H 
9 *4 
28 
1 o H 1 o '» 
4o 
2 H 
2 *1 

OSr 
4o 
5 
7 
36 13 

5 '» 
19 
5 
54 

J u n ip e rP 
)2 78 jp i 1er 
4 59 
K T t lln 
4.5e 
8 
75 
4*» 

6 '? 
3*4 
6 ’/. 

14*4 K a is r in 
1.26e 9 
927 
17*4 
3>s Ka neATiill w l 
14 3 '» 
5o 
K n G E p f4 5o 
733o 
51'? 
SO 
3 'a K a p o k f tor 

6>' 
3 '» 
5 '» 
4 '» 
17 
3 H 

5 H 
3 'a K a p o k T tor 
6 
15 
4 '» 
8*« 
4 ' . K n y C p 
2o 
8 x 2 l 
8'« 
7?4 
9 -4 
6*4 K e n w in 
38 
5 
2 4 
7'? 
7'.» ft 
S' a K e tch m 
. IOr 
6 
6 
6'/4 
6 '/. 
43'? 
3 o '? K e w a n e e 
72 
12x 1473 4T% 
3 o '? 
9 *4 
6 ? . K e y s fin d 
3o 
6 
29 
9 
8 *4 
14 e y s f l* s K id d e w t 
T ? K in A rk 
T ? K in q O p f 
6 H K m g R ct 
.2o« 
37' b 
2 o '4 K ir b y E x 
6-5» 
3 '» K it TVfg 
23« K le e rV u 
S'/» K le in e r H 

2 '? 
2*4 
?>-4 
8 ' . 

4*8 
7?4 

I H 
2*4 
2 '» 
7?4 

U 1114 
38 
7 
35 
1o 
193 
32 
7 
44 
4*4 
6 
3 
2*4 
6 
3 
6 
1 8'. 
13'? K n ick T o y 
1o 
992 
18’ » 
18 

I ' i 
2'/4 
2 
6 '» 
2 8H 
4'/? 
24» 
6 

18 
7* . 
I I 16 
3 '« 
4'» 
5*4 
1o '» 
9 ' . 

U ’/4 K o llm r 
.3 6 9 x 2 2 o 
17?» 
16',4 
6 V4 

2 H 
3'/? 

6 
K u h n S tr 
.15 3 
14 
6'/? 
'» L T V C o r p w t 
118 3 1 6 
2?» L a B a r g e 
o6 15 
77 
2 H 
3'/? L a /W a u r 
2o 8 
8 7 
3 '» 
4 ' b L a P o in t 
2oe 1o 
U 
S?» 
5*'» 
8H L a Q u in fa 
7 
11 
9 '4 
9 '» 
6 
L a f y R a d 
.26 69 
79 
6 '? 
6 '» 
2 3 .1 1 5 Id L d k e S h o r 
12 
85 
2 '/4 ll5 16 
I ' « l ' 4 L n d m r k 
14 
12 
I H 
I H 

6 '? — 
> l l ' - B - 1 
1o'4 . 
. 
1o1,4— 
• 
2* « - - 
' 
6 ' -4— 
1 
3 ' » - 
' 
6 '» . . 
. 
4» -4......... 
17'4— 
3 * » - 
'■, 
5o 
- 2' -, 

; ? ? — 
I ; 
7'» — 
6',-4 
41 
— 
8 ' » - 
U » k 
2 * 4 k 
2 ' » + 
7H + 
H 
2 I H - 3+k 
4 H f 
* t 
2 H - 
6 
. . . . . . 
I I ' » ..... 
1 6 ' ? - 
?( 
6 *4 — 
H 
• » . . . 
2 -? ' r - 
* '4 
3 H — 
*4 
$'» — 
1/4 
9 ’.-'»— 
I/» 
6 ''4 — 
*4 
2 ' » . . . . 
I H + 
V« 

Y « o fly 
H ig h lo w 

4 '» 
2 '? 
1o3» 
11'» 
2 8's 
2o*4 
2 *8 
1*-« 
4'» 
8 
1 4 'b i p ? 
? '» 
1*4 
73% 
8’ » 
9 H 
5 H 
7'» 
6 ’ « 
5 '« 
2 '« 
-S' » 
2 
1 6 H 
7 
7'4 
? '» 
23*4 
18*8 
28>4 
2 6 '» 

7 
4 
9 
7's 
19'? 
I T 4 
15 'a 
3*/ 

33 % L a n e co 
.12 
7 
L a T o u r B 
S '» L e a R o n 
« a 
9 '« L e a fh C o 
SO 
L e e E n tr 
.6o 
L e e N a tl 
3 *4 L e e P h a r 
5 *» L e h ig h P r 
L e ig h P d 
.8o 
L e is u r e T 
6' ? L e vitt In 
24 
5 *4 L e w is B P .3o 
L > b ty F a b 
L ig h to if 
.16 
L iM iA n n 
.24 
L in cln A m 
1 
L lO vd s E I 
L o d q eS 
,o8e 
L o h m n 
8oa 
L o e w T h e w t 
L o g ice n 
9 
374 
Î 3 H 
L o g is tic lOe 
6 x 35 
3 H 
L a G e n S v 
84 
6 
31 
21*4 
L o u is C e 1 32 
8 
3 ’ . L u n d y E l 
1o 
2 ' ? L y n ch C p 
3 
1 

Sote» 
(H d s .) H ig h 

4 
1 
3*4 
} 
17 
2 ’ a 
6 
14 
1o’ ? 
7 
4 
1o 
11 *87 
2 3 '? 
16 
I H 
6 
27 
4*/* 
5 
21 
7'? 
6 
U 
U '% 
5 
2*% 
5 
13 
6 H 
8 
4! 
7X4 
4 
41 
6 
7 
9 
7H 
7 
13 
« *% 
4 
28 
3 
5 
16 
5 1« 
6 
45 
2 '« 
8 
U 
19 
374 
7 x4 

L y n n w p a r 

3 
11 
1oo 
1o 

2 7'? 
4 ’ -» 
4 
1 '» 

Low 

3+4 
2 
9 */. 
9 '» 
2 7'» 
I H 
4 
7 
1 1 '» 
21-4 
6 ' 7 
7H 
5 H 
7'? 
5 '» 
3 
5 '? 
2 
18*4 
7 
1 2 '. 
3 '? 
2o*% 
271? 
4 
3 '4 
P » 

N e t lo a f C h g . 

3 H .......... 
2 '» .......... 
9 * 4 — 
9 
1o 
+ 
” 
2 3 H k 
'/ 
1 3» .. 
.. 
4 
— 
1, 
7 
- 
1? 
U 
— 
2 H . 
6 H - 
'V 
71» — 
' * 
5"« — 
' i 
7'-?. 
5 ' » - 
3 
— 
'-Ü 
S H . . 
2 '» .. 
18*4 
7'-» — 
T'.] 
1 2 ' » - 
3’ ? .. 
2o? tk - 
2 7'-? - 
4 
. . 
3 ' ? - 
1 ’» 
- 
H 

M 
- N - O 

2 
I ’ a AAUC i j 
1*9 
1'/4 
1*8 k 
9 
4 
AAPO 
3 
23 
5*4 
S ’'4 
S' ? - 
)/; 
7'a 
6 '» AAWA 
4o 
24 
1o 
6 *4 
6 H 
6 H 
. 
1 
11 16 A A a cro d 
4 
135 
'» 1 3 16 
'e 
17'd 
15'? AAePbS 
1 4o 
6 
17 
1 7'» 
1 7H 
17*% 
8'% 
4 'd M a m o th 
3o 
U 
143 
8'» 
8'% 
8'% 
4 'd v 
3 ' b M n q o o d 
2 
4 '4 
4<d 
4 'd 
5» a 
4 ’ d A Aa ntiLfe 
28 
7 x 78 
5'-4 
5 
5 
- 
' l 
6' 7 
4' » AAansfT 
o2r 
4 
1o 
5 '» 
5 H 
S H ­ 
>'4 
T B 13 16 A A a rin d n 
5513 1613 1613 1 6 - 1 l- K 
I3 'a 
15’ a AA.arkCtl 
28 
5 
175 
I6 'n 
15*% 
I S ' ? - 
1’ ? 
7'fl 
6 *h AAa rlepo 
3 
41 
6 '» 
6 H 
6*'4 — 
' i 
5 '4 
-T . A A a rsnFd 
13 
9 
S ' 4 
5 
5 k 
' 1 
7' b 
6 '.i 7/a r s M n 
4 
28 
6'% 
6' J 
6 '? — r , 
26'« 
18 « N ia r tp . 
4o 
7 
88 
2o 
19' ? 
19' 7 - i-_ 
11-4 
8 ' b AC.asInd 
6o 
5 
6o 
11*8 
1o*4 
1 o * 4 - 
*i 
,11'« 
35 
AAa sneiln 
,6o 
6 
7 
39 '? 
39 
39 
- 
T 
1'» 
U '4 
5 ', 

ATI a s te r s 
A A a terR c 
28 
3*o TV dulB r ,14b 
9 16 5 16 A A cC ro ry w t 
2 'o A A cC utO 

14 
19 
33 

4*8 
4 
I U b lO 'a 
4 
— 

4 'S 
22'? 
5 
U '4 
9 '? 
2 '4 
2 '4 
U 
7*4 
7o 
1 5 '. 

16 
A A tIntsh 
3 * b AAcKiiOn 
U '4 AAea nsF 1 o8 
7'4 AAedalSt 
44 
T ? AAeda lnG p 
T ? AAedcoJ w 
8' 8 Tvledenco .28 
S '4 AAedfield 
16 
M e d ia G n 
4o 
7'fl AAeqoInf 

84 
8 
8 
7 
6 

11 
— 
3 '» 
3» % 
3 * 4 - 
5 5 16 5 16 5 16 
728 
4 '» 
3'% 
3 '» 
54 
22*% 
2 T s 
2 1 '8— 
4 

2o3» 
16’ b AAEAACo 
3 
U > . 
19' 

4'« 
U '» 
3' 4 
6' 7 
5*1 
U >4 
7'4 
27'4 
16*4 
7 
■16' 

1 
A A ercn tile 
8*8 AAetex 
.3o 
4 
14*8 A A etp fh 
14 
1 ' b 15 16 A A e fro ca r 
2*4 
1 
A A ptroG rt 
3'4 A A ich G e n 
4 
8 'b AAichSug 
I 
7 
? '» AAichS pf 
24 
4 '? A A ick lb r y 
16 
4 
4 
AAidldCo 
.1o 1o lO '.A A id lG IS 
28 
6 
6 
' TVSiller 
H 
7 
19 3» TcAillerWo 
6 o 
8 
1 7', AAilRoy 
2: 
8 
U « AAiSsnlT 
3 T a AAoPlcR 1 46 
8 
1 9 'a 
3 5 'a A A ifch lE 
U 
31 '4 
2 8'b M it f h lE Wl 
7'fl AAiteCp 
2o 
7 
S >4 TW a M a id .IO r 
4 
4 'b AAonAAqt 
4o 
4 
49 
AAonP p t4 .4 o 
1o'4 AAoocj 
6o 
5-» » AAtgGfh ,48e 33 

17 
1o7 
18 
32 
7 
4 
5 
3 
6 

81 
4'/; 
43 
12*4 
35 
7* 4 
2 
2 '» 
729 
U 

4 
— 
12''2 + 
7 * » - 
1 '» + 
2 '» k 
9 ' b 
1 2 
+ 
1*'. 
6 * 4 
6*'4— 
*/. 

U '4 
7'4 
1 ? B 
1*/4 

16*4 
16*% 
16'? 
9 ' b 
7 " » 
8 ? » - - 1 *4 

25 
181 
374 
U 
1 9 * b 
19'? 
19'?— 
T » 
8’ ? 
1 4 '? 
T 

2 
38 
52 
64 
IS 
51 
181 
5 
8 
18 

T b 
8* 4 
15 
1* 4 
13» 
3 H 
1o 
3' » 
4 '» 
4 H 

T ? 
3' ? 
8'» 
3 ’ » 
4’ -4 

1 '» - 
8 H - 
' 
IS k 
I 
T '4 — 
' 
I H 
3 '? 
9 * 4 - 
I 
3 ’ b . 
, . 
4?/« — 
1 
4'/4— 
* 
14 
1o*4 
1o'? lO H 
8 
7 
6*4 
6 '» f 
2o6 
25 
2 2 '? 
23 
- 
1". 
8 
26 13 
12*4 U ' s - 
’ 
53 
T ? 
T '» 
1?» 
8 
32 46' 7 
44*'4 44*'4 - 2 
9 
274 3 8'» 
3 6 '? 36'? - 2 ' t 

 in - 4 
7 ' a 
5 ’ » 
5'7 
173» 
6 ’ H 
6 ' . 
5 
3’ 4 

4 '? A A o rfo n S 
.32 
4 
3*4 AAottSM 
,o8 
6 
?3» AAoulding 
173» 
U > 4 AAtVAAil 
1 2o 
. 
IT 8 
7' a A AovSta r 
.44 
6 
2 
T » A A ovieia b 
8 
5 
4' n A A u ltiA m 
2o 
9 
9 ’ « 
73% N a p co 
.lO e 
8 
3 ' b 
3 
N a rda A A 
.2o 
39 
74 '» 
1 8'» 
N a t C S S .2o 
7 
6 '» 
S '? N D tS fr 
,16 
4 
6 *4 
4» -b N a t H lt h E 
6 
'» 
' 4 N a t In d w t 
1 'b N K in n e y 
6 '4 N tP a r a g 
.4o 
4 
8 *4 N t P a t e n t 
24 
7o3 
3 *4 N iS ilve r is e 
4 

2 'b 
12'? 
1 2 '? 
4’ 7 
5 * 4 
6 'b 
13*8 
5 * 4 
1*4 
3 'a 
1 '» 

2*4 N tS p in n q 
14 
3 ' b N a tS y S t ,1oe 
7 
........................ 
.36 
9 
9 'a N a fw H o 
3*4 N e is n e r 
T 4 N e lly D on 
T ? N els o n 
L B 
U 
T ? N e s fL A A 
27 
31 '4 
25'4 N E N u clr 
SO 1o 
17'» 
U 'b 
N H a m p 
6o 
7 
1'% 
1 
N id r ia 
,o4c 
8 
3 6 '? 
2 4 'b N A A cx A r 
I I: 
1 o '» 
8H N P ro c 
63c 
9 
19' .■ 
2 o * 4 
2T'? 
7» ? 
I ' » 
15'» 
S ‘ 8 
3 ' B 
6*8 
35 b 
16'n 
9 'g 
56 '4 
51 
3 * . 
13’ o 
U 'b 
4*8 
11*8 
19 
7'8 
45 >4 
9 14 
1o*8 
2 2 * 4 
39 
7*4 
4» 4 

o 
N e w b E n 
4ob 5 
16' a N e w co r 
1b 
7 
4 '» N e w p r k 
8 
1*4 N e x u s 
14t 
6 
12*4 N ia g F S v 
56 
4 
4 
N ich o is 
.271 
4 
2 ' h 
N o e l In d 
4 
3' ? N o te * 
36 
2 ’ ? N o rte k 
.o4 
U 's 
N o r A m R 
1o 
9 
7'd 
N o rC d n O 
6 
51 
N IP S p f 4 25 
2 
N o vo C p 
N u ciD ta 
4 
7 
1o 
N u m a cO 
18 
3 'd 
O E A In c 
.2o 
7 
9 
O a k w d H 
12e 
4 
15» 4 O ffs h o re 
4 
5 * 4 
O h io A rt 
24a 
7 
3 7' b O h io B 
2 
S 

17 
2 9 H 
28 '% 
2 8 '( r - 
Tw 
’ 
o6 
9 '% 
8 *4 
8 * 4- 
' f 
1 
18 
6 'a 
6 *8 
6 * , - - 
' 1 
1 
U 
5 *8 
5 '» 
5 '» - 
*1 
73oo 
5o 
5o 
5o i 
13 
U I 4 
U ' b 
U ' b - 
" f 
1 
6 
6 
5'% 
5 ' , - 
1, 
1 
18 
4*4 
4’ » 
4*4. . i 
19 
4'» 
4'? 
4'% - 
' k 
59 
3'4 
2 H 
3’ » 
1o 
15 
U 'f l 
U 'f l 
1 
9 
9 'b 
9'.% 
9 ' , - 
'•f 
1 
7 
T-4 
I ’ d 
1 * 4- 
' f 
' 
5o 
4H 
4H 
4H . 
1 
112 
9 'b 
o*4 
9*-d k 
*'4 
’ 
3 
3*/4 
3'» 
3'% .., 
54 
21*8 
2o 
2o 
— 
*// 
1 
3 
5 ' b 
5 H 
5 H - 
'/d 
1 
58 
6 X4 
6 
6 ' « 
- 
129 5 16 
1/4- 
1 1 6 
19 
2 
1'/8 tXim - 
>4 
74 
7 H 
7 
7 '/d ~ 
1-j 
7 o3 
1 ox4 
9 3/4 
1 o'% — 
' t 
27 
4*8 
4 ' b 
4'% - 
*'4 
29 
4*4 
4'd 
414— 
H 
9 1 
6 
5 's 
6 f l-j 
27 
1o 
9 '» 
1o 
— 
'e 
6 
4'% 
4'% 
4'% - 
'/d 
7 
1*% 
T d 
1' 4. . . 
7o 
3'4 
2 'b 
3'-4, . , 
15 
1*4 
1 'B 
I H 
- 
' f 
46 
2 6 '? 
2 5 '4 
26 ' ?— 
'» 
29 
U '4 
13 
13 
— 
I ’ f 
227 
1*4 
T ? 
1H - 
'% 
3 
38 
31'4 
2 9 '? 
2 9 '? — 2 '4 
9 2 
8 "b 
8 'b 
8 '% - 
14 
258 
1 8 '? 
U -’-B 
1 7 '» - 
*4 
8 3 
16'-4 
15 '? 
15H - 
H 
13 
1 8 '? 
17'd 
17'4 
T . 
9 21 
7'% 
6 '? 
6 * 4- 
*'4 
22 
1'B 
T 7 
1H + 
'« 
25 
13*8 
12*4 
Ì 3'4~ 
'% 
6 
5 ' 6 
5 
5 
, 
1 
2 *8 
2 *a 
2 *8 * 
' B 
8 3 
3*4 
3 H 
3 H - 
'■4 
41 
2'» 
2 H 
2 *4— 
425 
15*4 
14'? 
U 'f l k 
*1 
177 
8 'b 
8 *8 
8 *% ~ 
* t 
74o 
51 
51 
51 
23 
2 'a 
2 *8 
2 J » k 
82 
U ' b 
IO H 
I O H - 
69 
11 
7 
3 * 4 
13 
1o'b 
55 
1 o ' b 

7*4 O h S e a ty 
7*8 O lla in d 
4oe 
I 6 H O n L in e S 
32 
O O k ie p 
6 
O r io le H o 
1*4 O fm a n d 
1 6 'a 
12*4 O S u llvn 
.6o 
8' ? 
6 *8 O u td rS p 
.2o 
3 '» O ve rs S e c 
1 *8 O x fo rd F t 
3 *8 O z a r k A 
15e 

6 *4 
43 
8*» 
7 ' b 

1o''4 
3 '? 
93/4 
1 7H 
6*% 
3 
7 
8 
2 
5 x 25 
U 
39 
U Z7oo 
32 '2 
32 

1 o * » - 
3 'a — 
1 o 'Bk 
17V« — 
6*-4— 
4 2 '? 
4 2 ': 
8H 
8H -k 
7H 
7'» + 

3 * 8 
2*8 
4*8 

7 
75 
19 
23 
3 
1o 

17*-4 
1 6 H 
17*%— 
*e 
- - 
— 
3 2 — 
1 
6 '/« — 
»% 
3 * '4 - 
7'/, 
3 '« 
14'% gl-4 
3 'a 
1'b 
4'% 

6 '» 
3 H 
1 3 ', 
1 4 '8 k 
?% 
7H 
3 's 
1 '» 
3 '» 

3'%. 
1 '« 

P-Q-R 
164 
> 
1 'a P F In d 
*8 1 16 P N B A A R w t 
1 32 P S A In c w t 
16'a P G E p tA 1.5o 
1 5 '8 P G E p fB 1 37 
U '4 P G E p fC 1.25 
14 
P G E p fD 
1 25 
U 'a P G E p f E 
1.25 
U 
P G E p tG 
1 2o 
2 7'8 
2 6 '« P G E p fV 2.32 
3o'4 
27*4 P G E p fT 2 54 
2 8'4 P G E p tS 2.62 
U * » P G E p tH 
T U 
2 6 '4 P G E p IR 
2.37 
?S'% 
23’ 4 P G E p t P 2 o5 
25 
72*4 P G E p tO 
2 
22 
P G E p fA A 1 96 
2 4 's P G E p f L 2.25 
22*4 P G E p fK 
2 o4 
2 7'b 
25*4 P G E p fJ 2.32 
U h 
U 'b P G E p ft 
1.o9 
18'4 
U 'b P H o ld g 
.16 
22*8 
15' a P H o ld p f1 2 o 
52'4 
48'4 P a cL I p f4 .3 6 
52*» 
48 
P a cL f p f4 4o 
54*8 
5 o '4 P a cL f p t4 5o 
57*8 
5 2 '4 P a cL t p f4 75 
U 'a 
18'4 P N w T e l 1.32 
6 3 'a 
57 
P a cP L p f 
5 
36' ? 
29' ? P a ltC o rp .8o 13 
'a P a l o m r F 
3 '? P a n d e l B 
4 
4*8 P a n ta s t 
.3o 
7 
4 '? P a r a P k 
,2o 1o 
1o» 4 P a r k C h 
48a 
6 
2 *» P a rk E l 
.1o6 28 

18'e 
17' 4 
16 
15'8 
15' 2 
U ' b 

31 
U 'a 
29 

2 4'. 
27 
2 5 ', 

1*4 
5*4 
6 
5 '» 
12 
3 ', 

1*8 
T » 
1*8 k 
11 1 16 1 16 1 16— 1 1 6 
39 1 16 1 32 1 16 
63 
-17*4 
17'8 

14*4 
14'? 
1S'4 
U * 8 
15 
14'? 
U 
U '4 
34 
26*4 

8o 
3 o ', 
9 
13>. 

286 
2 4 '4 
23'4 

8 
8 X4o 
13 
16V» 

139 
5 1 '» 
71o 
5 T '4 
ZiSO 
51'/4 
Z22o 
54t4 
9 
37 
19V» 
Z U 5 
58 
71 
23 
68 
75 
5 
1 
8 

U * 4 
16 

57' 

1*8 
4*» 
5 H 
5 

1>4 
3 *4 
5'-4 
5 
11*B 
1 1 *8 
1 1 *8 
2*4 
2 ’ ? 
2*/4 

17’ » — 
X» 
15 16 
15 '» — 
1'% 
4 ' b 
14' 7— 
'o 
5 '» 
1 4 '?k 
’ e 
8's 
14'» k 
' s 
2 'a 
14 k 
' a 
8*4 
2 6 * 4 - 
>6 
I T 4 
2 8'» 
27 
2 9 H - 
' b 
5o 
13'd — 
'-J 
9 6*4 
77 ’ - 2— 
'/» 
88*4 
2 3 H 
1o9 
1 
2 3 '2— 
'? 
8» % 
22'% 
16'» 
2 5 '?k 
H 
8* i 
2 4 '/4 ., . 
213 16 
2 6 '» -- 
'8 
17 
13 
2'% 
16' ? - 
*« 
2 H 
2 2*8 k 
*« 
3 '? 
5 1 '» k 
'» 
I P » 
51’ 4 + 
1*4 
7H 
5 T ' 4 - 
’ ? 
311 16 
54*» — 
' b 
9 '» 
1 8'/» - 
' 7 
2 6 ’? 
571/4— 
4 
34 X4- 
'? 
T-4. , . 
4H -T 
S '4 — s 
— 

1 J 

' S 
14 

15*9 
3* 4 
2'% 

2 7' b 
2 1 ' b P a r s o n s .8o 6 x 78 
2 4 's 
2 3 '4 
2 3 '» — 
'» 
3 '( 
7'» 
9 1% 
1.5'a 
6» 4 
1o'4 
U ' 2 

2 '4 P a tF a s h 
4 
P a ta g ó n 
6 ' ? P a fo C 
1.2oe 
13'.. P e b b lB 
.6o 
S'% P e e rT u 
6' ? P cm co r 
9 ’ 8 PenEAA 
3 3 '» 
27*4 PCO T r 

24 
2o 
,7o 
1 4o 

9 
2o9 
118 

2 '? 
7Vs 
8' 2 

2 *8 
7 
8 

2*% 
7* b + 

8 x 3 
45 
14*8 
U ' b 
U '4 — 
' 
6'% 
186 
9 *4 
57 
13'? 

16' 7 
16' a P e n T r w i 
5 ' a 
3 '4 P E Cp 
8-ft 
4 
14*8 
11 
P e n R iE I.IS 
1o 
5 ' a 
3*4 P en o b S .2oe 
8 
1*8 
'a P e n tr o n 
24'4 
IV ' 4 P e p B o y s 
Ib 
17 '8 
U ' ? P e p C o m 
4o 
8 *4 
7 
P e rin i 
3oa 
6 *8 P e rte c 
U ' a P e t r o L e 
1o 
32 2 
23 

6 '» 
9 
U *% 
3 3 '8 
32*4 
3 2 * 4 - 
1 6 'a 
16'? 
16'? 
3'4 
3 * » - 

6' 8 k- 
9 *4 k 
12*8— 1'% 

3 '» 

8 ' b 
2 3 'h 
8' b 
3 -3 
IT o 
2*a 
? ' 4 tO'B 
7H 
32 

5 
1 
23o 
27 
I I ' b 
1 1 H 
11*4— 
I 
8 
1 
9 
9 615 16 
' b 15 1 6 - 1 16 
5 x 1 9 19' b 
4 
29 1 7' b 
4 
26o 7'% 
7 
3o6 7 

19' 
16*% 
7H 
6*% 

6 *4 P h ilL O 
63r 
2 
P h o e n ix 
7’ ? P icN P a y 
2o 
1*8 P ie d m n t i> 4 P io n e e r s 
6' ? P io n T e x 
7oe 
6 ’ 8 P itW V a 
S6a 
23 
PitO A A 1.2oa 

3 
18 
182 
8 
417 
7 
5 
3o7 
2 7 

4o'4 
34*4 P iffw a y 
1.2o 
18 
P la cr D v 
.8o 1o 
6 
P la n t (nd 
48 
1o 
P la n tr n 
.o8 13 
4 '? P ly G e m 
2oc 
5 
2 '8 P ly m R A 
28 

22 
9 H 
U ' 4 
5*% 
2 *4 
15 - 
1 o '8 P n e u S ca 
4 '4- 
2 *8 P o to ro n 
1o*4 
6*% P o ly ch r 
.2o 
8 
U 'a 
8'b P r a ir ie O 
14 
15'b u h P r a lt L m b 
1 
8 
34'4 
3o 
P r a lL p f2 .2 5 
6' 2 

5 
6 
5 
26 
26 
9 x 145 
37 
2 
99 

2 * 4 
11'» 
V ? 
I H 
8 ' b 
6 '» 

1 9 H + 
•,6 V » - 
7>-t— 
6 H - 
2 o ’ s 
2 I H 
- I H 
7 X4 
7X4 
2 ' b - l O H f 2V* 
U%— 
1*% + 
6 '« — I H 
6*/4 + 
25 
— 

2 
7'? 
I H 
1*» 
6 '? 
6 H 
25 

19 
8H 

36’ ? 
37 
+ 
H 

449 
11» » 
4 ' 2 
2V» 
8o 
8 Z4oo 
14 
35 
U S 
4 
156 
1o» % 
36 
9 X4 
56 
1 3 '» 

18 
8'.'» 
11 
4'-4 
2 '? 
14 
3 '? 
9 *» 
9 
13 

18 
- 
8 ' » - 
1 1 H + 
4 * b. 
. 
2 '? — 
U 
— 
3 '? — • 
9 ’/ ? - 1 
9 
— 1 
1 3 '? + 
*'4 
5 
3 2 H 
3 1 H 
3 2 '-4 + 
' 
5 *8 P r a t t f i d .3o 
5 x 1 3 
5 '» 
5 H 
5 H — 
*/4 
24'4 
19*4 P r e n H a T U 11 
2X4 
1'» P r e s R tB 
17'8 
9 '? P re s le y 
U 'b u v» P re s to n 
.7o 
2 'b 
2 
P rim A A t .121 
11 
P rp C T 
T 2 o e 

72 
2 o '? 
19*/% 
2oX« — 
'4 
1 
2*% 
2 H 
2 + « - 

U H 
1o>» 
9 *o P ro vG a s 
8o 
6 
2 ' b 
1 ' b P r d R IE 
2o 
79 
41 
4 '» 
3' a P ru d B d g 
24 
5 
12 
5 '? 
3 '4 P r u d G p 
3o 
1o 
9 ' b 
6 ’ » P u lt e H 
5 
146 
3'4 
2 H P u n ia G 
13 
U 
6 '4 
4 'b P u re p a c o6« 
1o 
44 
6' 2 
5' ? Q u e b e cr 
2oo 
5 
5 
7'% 
6 ’ » H B In d 
o8« 
5 
7 
I '» 
1’ 4 R E D A rt 
6 
33 
2 '4 
1 'b R E T 
84 
4 5 '? 
4 2 '» R E T p l 4 38 
5 '» 
4*4 RMAAed 
6 
26 
5*4 
I ' » 
1*8 R P S P d 
5 
1 '? 
2 
T ? R S C In d 
6 
18 
1*4 
13*4 
1o*4 R L C C p .1 6 
4 
89 
13 
4 » 
3 'b R a co n 
,2oa 
5 
24 
3'/» 
9 'a 
6 *a R a g a n B .15« 
5 
81 
7 
2 1 '» 
1 5 H R a n ch E x 
27 
2 4 '» 
17x4 R a n g r O 

8 
293 
U '/4 
1 o H lt*'4 — 1 
7 
17 
8 
58 
9 x 51 

U H 
U '/4 
1 4 *8+ 
2 '? 
2'/4 
2 H + 
11 
11'/» — 
9» ? 
1o 
— 
2*8 
3 H 
3'% 
7'/? 
3 
5'/? 
6 *» 
71-4 
1*2 
I H 

U 
15 
1o 
2 '? 
3*4 
4 H 
8'» 
3 
5 '» 
6'% 
71/4 
I H 
1*4 

2*« 
3 *4 
3 ' » - 
8 
~ 
3 
5 '» 
6'-» . . . 
71-4 
1 H + 
I H 
8 
4 4 '» 
44-H 
4 4 H + 
'/4 
5 ’ % 
IX » 
1X4 
12 
3 H 
6' I 

51 j - 
I X , - 
1x4 
1 2 '» — 
'» 
3'/» — 
*8 
7 
57 
2oX« 
1 9 '? 
1 9 H - 
'% 

15'8 
11*» R a n s b rg 
T-4 
6 '4 
36 

*■4 R a p d A m w t 
3 '? R a th P 
21'-4 R a y m P .57« 15 

42 
3o5 
2 4 '« 
2 1 '» 
2 1 '» — 2 
8o 
6 
24 
14'? 
U '» 
1 3 '/» - 
H 

3 '» 
1 
R e a d in g 
16'» 
14'? R e a lE s l 1 2o 14 
U ' b 
71 
2*4 
3 
7'a 
U ' b 
2 
19 
2 * 4 
1/4 
27 

1 
3 H 
H 
3 ' 2 
3' ? - 
' 
2 9 '» 
2 7H 
2 S '? f 1 
2 H 
2 H 
2 H 
U H 
U H 
U H — 
I 
9 '? R tIn cT 
1 3 5 « 
8x 5 6 
1 1 H lO H 
1 o H - 
18'» R ItR e f 2.23« 
9 
2 ’ 4 R e d la w 
2o 
1*4 R e e ve s T 
23 
6 
R e f r i g T r 
5 
8 ' b R e g a l B 
52 
9 
13 16 R e lG r p w t 
13*4 R e m A r 
8oa 
1 *s R e p H o u s 
'% RepA A tln w t 
24'% R e p N Y 
1 

85 
2oX/4 
5 
2 H 
5 
2 H 
11 
6*/4 
21 
12 
377 
1 
6 x 89 

2o 
2+8 
2 's 
6 H 
U ' , 4 

2o 
- 
2 X » .. . 
2 '/? ... 
6 H - 
11'/?— 

1 Í 
11 
’ % 
18 
2 5 '» 

13 1613 16- S U 
16*4 
16'4 
1 6 H — 
'/» 
2 * B 
2 X» 
2 * » 

25 
25 
— 
73V» 
17x4 R e s ch C tI 
o8 U 
322 
22 
1 9 '» 
2o*4— l+a 
2 3 'b 
19*e 
26' ? 
? 
3 's 
5 ' b 

!7*s 
3>/4 
15 
7'? 
5>» 
7>4 
8 
2 '« 
9 '» 
U '4 
2o 

18’ ? R e s iS tfIx .6o 
8 
57 
2 3 H 
2 2 '? 2 2 */4 - 
8'8 R e s r ts A 
26 432o 
19X* 
14x4 
191/4 + 4 *4 
3 4 Z 57oo 
26'.? 
23+4 
2 5 '4 + 2 ' i 
18 
1X4 
I H 
1 H ~ 
, . 
32 6 
3'/» 
3 T4 
31 ? + 
5 
44 
4 
3 X4 
3 X4— 
I» 
3o 
3 
79 
6'/'4 
5 H 
6 
— 
H 
8 
16o 
31 X4 
29 
29 1/4— 
2 
11 
2 8'» 
27X4 28 
+ 
1o9 
' 
1o9 
112 
12 i 
6 
29 
2'/« 
34 
5 '» 
11 
« H 
I 
7H 
1 9 o 
2 H 
51 
I H 

17 
R e s r ts B 
1 '4 R e s t Asse 
2 ' b R e x N o r e 
3 
R ib t e t P d 
8 
5 's R ich to n 
33 
IS '» R ilcy C o 
2 8'» 
74» .» R io A lg m 
I 1o 
16'» 
12 
R isd o n 
.4o 
6 
15'» 
U '» R o b n tch 
5 H 
3 '» H o b lin lOe 
4 
U 
R o ck w e y 
1b 
• 
2 ' 4 R o co r 
I I 
R o g e r s 
8 
I'/» R o n co T 
7 
4 '» H o s s m r 
4 *4 R u d d ick 
U e 
6 
6 '? R u d itk p f.S 6 
U ? R u s co 
7v» R ussett 
.44 
8'/? R u S tC ft 
.4o 
15*8 R va n H 

1 3 '» 
12 
12*4 
12 
5 H 

121/4— 1 '/j 
12'» — 
*» 
S'/« — 
16» %+ 
2 H + 
I I '/ » 
11X« 
1 1 ' » - 

. 
. 
4 '» 
16X» 
16 
2X» 
2>/4 

I 
2o 
U 
5o 
1o 
323 
1A'/. 

2 
5 
6'/? 
7*/4 
2'/» 
8H 
U H 
U S « 

2 
5 
— 
6 '/? ... 
71/4— 

3 ' » - 
• '/ ? . . . 
1 1 H - 
16 
+ 

9 '» 
7'? S O L 
S-T -U 

16r 
* 
7 r / i r / f 
7'» . 

Yeofhc 
S o le * 
N o t 

H ig h l e w 
(h d * .) H ig h l a w l o i t C h g ^ 

1*4 
17'-4 
P b S G S ec 
15'% S G S e o f 1 7o 
25 
3 
Î H 
16'% 
T ? 
1 6 ', 
I H . 
1 6 H - 
2 
— 
'» /4 

2 H 
2 
SAAO 
4 
16 
2 '» 
2 

5*4 
4 ’ a S S P In d 
36 
1o 
8 
4 '? 
4X» 
4' I , . . ' Î ' 
15’ ? n > 4 
S T P C p 
.8o u 
77 
14'« 
13*% 
13*%— 
• 

U * 4 
8's 
S a fe tra n 
7 
32 
11X4 
I T ? 
U*% — 
' C 

17*4 
1o'» 
S a le m 
89f 
6 
18o 
14'» 
17'? 
13X4— 
'4 

7*4 
5 s ca r to 
63e 
61 
5'% 
5 
S 'k — 
H 

1o'» 
9 ’ 7 S D a o o f 
88 
24 
1o'? 
1o tO' ? + 
’ • 

U 
1o 
S D o o pf 
9o 
7 
1o'? 
1o'% 
IO H 

U ’ o 
I t 
SDqO p f 
1 
14 u 
1P /4 
1 1 *4 .. 
I/4 
89 ’ ? 
84<? 
S D g o pf 7 8o 
Z75o 
87'? 
86'% 
86'%— 

81’ ? 
76 
S D o o p t 7 2o zlOO 
78’ ? 
78'? 
78' ?— 
'% 

2 9 H 
U '» 
28'% 
VI 
S O go p f 2 68 
S F r R E 
.3oe 25 
39 
57 
29'/4 
13*% 
2 8H 
U */4 
2 8*4 + 
U X .— 
'% 
'? 

I H 
H 
S E R E w f 
615 1615 1615 1o . . . ■ ■ 

18*4 
15'% S a n J W 
1.4o 
7 
24 
1 7H 
17 
17'» + 
* t 

4*« 
3 ' b S a ro e n t 
7 
4o8 
4 H 
3'/« 
4 
— 
*/4 

1o'4 
7'« 
S a u n d rL ,3o 
4 
41 
9'% 
8'% 
BH-k - 1 

7X4 
6 ’ % Schei b E 
.56 
9 
117 
6 '» 
6 H 
6*4 + 
'/» 

U 
8'% S ch e n u it 
.7o 
5 
5 
11 
1o'% 
11 
+ 
*1 

3 H 
2' 7 S ch ille r 
25 
18 
2 H 
2 '? 
2 '? . •. 

7*8 
6 ' b S ch o o lP 
4o 
1 
6 H 
6 H 
6 H - 
' r 

7'% 
5>4 
S ch ra d e r 
3o 
7 
28 
6'% 
5 *4 
5 x4— 
* t 

2 *8 
2 T » 
1*4 
16 
SciAAgt 
o9e 
S ciA tla 
.12 
12 
12 
33 
66 
2'% 
1 8H 
,1H 
17'% 
I " , - - 
18 
— 
*4 ' 
H 

3 6 'b 
24'4 S co p cl'i .SOe 
U 'b S crivn e r 
7o 
5 Z 6oo 
36 
35*% 
35*4 + 
*3 

U '4 
4 
77 
U *'4 
1T% 
11X4 — 
*.'4 

2 o 'b 
16 
S cu rry H 
9 
3 
16'% 
16 
16 
— 
' t 

 to 
8 ' b SbdAIAAit .4o 
4 
4 
o*/4 
93-4 
9 X4 . 
4 
2*4 
S e a lctro n 
43 
3 H 
2 '» 
V r t— 
' f 

T'? 
*4 S ea p w rt 
9 
2 
1'% 
T% 
T% 

6' a 
3' ? S e a p rt p t 56 
ZlOO 
5*4 
5 H 
5X4— 
} 4 

4*'4 
2 'e 
S e a r s in d 
4 
3 
3 
3 
. 
■ 
25 
1o 
S e a s n A II 
26 
13 
69 
19’ ? 
18'% 
1 o '» — 
*-4 

3 's 
2 ' b S ecAAtgIn 
163 
2*8 
2'/% 
2 x4— 
' » 

5 16 
' » 
S e cA A IIn w t 
2 5 32 5 32 
5 3 2 - 1 
7'? 
5 ’ d S e la s C o 
3o 
8 " 55 
7’% 
6 H 
6*4 r » 
1 
Sel iq Asse 
123 
I H 
T'4 
I 'd — 
* f 

5 *4 
4 '? S e m tch 
.OSr 
9 
4o 
5 '» 
5 '? 
5 H 
6 'e 
4*4 
S e rvis co 
3o 
4 
31 
5 
4*4 
5 
.. . 

8 ' b 
4 
S e rvo 
8 
9 
4 H 
4 H 
4 * ,— 
1.4 

V ' b 
7'a 
S e fo n C o 
45 
7 x 1 3 
8*8 
8 ' b 
8 * 1. . . 
4'% 
3 'u 
S h a e rS 
25e 
7 
5 
3'% 
3'% 
3’ » 
1.1' 1 
U 
S h a ro n 
1 
7 
13 
12*4 
12 
U 
. . 
9 '» 
8*4 
S h a w In 
5ob 
o 
27 
8' ? 
8’ d 
8» ? .. 
7*8 
1*4 
S h e ltrR 
49 
2 '* p /4 
1x4— 
'4 

o*8 
6' Í 
S h n d C p 
.241 
8 
96 
8'% 
8 
8 ' b 
28' ? 
2o'd 
S h e n a n O 
16 
323 
2 1 H 
2o'/d 
2T% — 
'■ J 
3 
2 *a S h O D w e ll 
26 
11 
2 ' ? 
? H 
2*» 
19 
15*4 
S how bof 1 2o 
6 
22 
18"« 
18'? 
18*4 

3 
'% S h u lm T r 
28 
T a 
'% 
"» — 
'» 
8'4 
5 * 4 
S ie rrcin 
.2o 
8 
49 
7 '4 
7 
7'd 
1o*4 
9 'd 
S ifco ln d 
5o 
5 
7 
9 ’ ? 
9 ',4 
9 'd — 
*% 
1o*4 
6 ' b 
S ig m a 
.26« 
S iR esC p A 
7 
U O 
1o*8 
1o 
1o 
3 '» 
2 ’ a 
12 
2'/» 
2'% 
2'% 
9 'e 
6 'a 
S ilo In c 
4 
21 
9 
8*% 
B V , - 
*8 
4 
7'a S im co S ,25b 
13 
8 
4 
3 '» 
3 '» 
. 
U 
8*8 S Im k in s 
.8o 
6 
1 
1o'» 
1o’% 
1o' » — ' ' » 
3 '4 
1'% S im p le x 
22 
541 
3'% 
3 
3 '% .. . 
2*4 
1 '« 
S o h tro n 
66 
2 
1"» 
1 '% -- 
' a 

1 o 'B 
8*8 S o n d er Br 
32 
'4 
44 
9 
B*% 
8 X4- - 
' e 
7'd 
4 ' b S o rq 
P a p e r 
32 
7 x4 
6 X4 
7',% + 
'% 

15*4 
IU '4 
S o u n d s n .4o 5 x 9 6 
1 1 '» 
11*4 
1 1 '» — 
9 '« 
8 
S o estC a p 
8o 51 
U '4 
U 
S C E d p f l o2 .. 
13*4 
U ' b S C E d p t i o6 
. 
13*4 
12'4 S C E d p f 1 o6 
15'? 
13’ ? S C E d p f l 19 .. 
24*4 
2o'? S C E d p U 68 
19'4 
16'» 
S C E d p f l 45 , 
18 
16 
S C E d p tT 3 o 
TH' 4 
76’ B S C E d p f 2 3o .. 
2 7' ? 
75 '4 S C E d p (2 21 
. 
95 
88'? S C E d p t7.58 
.. 
1o4*4 
1oo 
S C E d p (8 7o .. 
1o7 
1o1 
S C E d p t8 96 
22'% 
18*4 S w s tA irl 
78 
6 
5 '? 
4 '4 S w tG F in 
2o 
4 
U 'b 
9 *4 S p a rte k 
4o 
7 
7'fl 
S 'b S p e cIty R 
4 
8'% 
6 ’ 4 S p e cto r lOe 32 
5 
3 'e S p e ctro 
12t 
4 
2 H 
1 '» S p e d O P .111 
11 

86 
18'» 
17 
34 
18 
17* 

73 
27 
2 5 ' 
6 
9 1’ ? 
9o 

153 
4 *4 
4 '? 

I ' f l l l 16 S p e iz m n 
1*4 
2' ? S p e n ce r 
1o 
9 x 81 

7 
6'% 
4<s 
2 
1 
3 *4 
4'% 
5*% 
5+o 

6 H 
6>'4 
4 'e 
2 
1 
3 
4*? 
5 ' b 
5>» 

1 1 H - 
' » 
V'/4. 
. 
U 'f l k 
<8 
U H 
. 
U *'4— 
'/4 
14’? ,. 
24*% — 
*e 
1 7' 7— 
'« 
1 7'/ , - 
' » 
2 6 '? - 
' 8 
2 6 '4~ 
’-4 
9o 
— 
2' 7 
1o3''4— 
'4 
1o5' 7 F 
1*4 
2o 
- 
H 
4''?— 
*e 
1o* , - 
'4 
6 H — 
*e 
6 H 
4'% ......... 
2 
1 
............ 
3 *4 k 
' ? 
4'-?— 
'% 
5 ' 4 k 
' 4 
S H k 
14 

7*4 
4 '? S p e n crF ,o8| 
4 
8 
6 H 
5 
S p le n fe x 
.24 
7 x 28 
6 *o 
4'% S ta ffr d L 
6 
54 
18' ? 
IS'B S td A iln 
1 
6 ’ 4 
5 's S td C o n t 
.12 
16'? 
14 
S ld C o o s a 
9o 5 
4 ' r 
3 
SfdAAetI 
17 
11o 
4'/» 
4 ’ 8 
4'/e— 
U ' b 
8'? S t d P a cC p 2o 3 
237 lO 's 
8’? 
9 
— 1 
25'4 
2o'b S td P ro d 1 4o 
4 
26 
2 3 '? 
23 

5 x 2 
1 7'? 
1 7'4 
1 7'? + 
'» 
3 x U 
5 H 
S '4 
5*4 . . 
17 
16 
15'? 
1 5 * 4 - 
*'» 

'% 9 16 S t d P r u d w t 
31*4 
24'4 S fd S h rs 
4or 
1 4 '» 
6 '? S ta n g e 
12 
6 *8 
5*4 S ta n A v 
,2oe 
12*% 
U 
S ta rS u p 
76 
1*a 
1 S ta rd u s t 
17'? 
14*% S ta r r t Ho 
36 
5 
8', 
6 
S te e lm t ,24b 11 
23 

23 '/? + 
H 
1111 16 
H 1 1 1 6 + 1 16 
29 
3o*% 2 9 '? 2 9 H — 
'-b 
59 
6 ' b 
6 H 
6 H - 
'» 
5 
6 
6 
6 
— 
'% 
.1 o 
11*4 111/4 
1 T 4 — 
*'4 
22 
I H l'B 
1 H + 
'a 
15 
U '% U H 
1 4 '? — 
*? 
6*% 
6 
6 
— 
* t 
2 2 ’ a 
1 5 H S te p n C h 6o 8 X 4 o 
2 2 '» 
2 1 '? 
2 1 " » + 
'? 
I H 
3 
27 
1 
S t e r l E I 
1o 
2*% S te rt E x t 
.1o 
6 
5*% 
3 x4 S te vco k n it 
5 
17*8 
7 ' b S tr u tW 
.3o 
7 
3 '» S u eA n n 
.24 
6 
*4 S u m m it 
1 
6315 1613 1613 16 
3*4 S u n C ity l 
.25 
6 x 31 
4 '» 
4 *4 
4X4 

, 
11/4 
1 'b 
T » — 
'» 
1 
2 '? 
2'/? 
2 '? 
15 
4'% 
4 H 
4 H - 
'-4 
196 
I T ? lO H 
1o*» — 1'-4 
39 
4 ',4 
3 '» 
3"» — X» 
5 ’ , 
1*» 
4 ' b 
3*4 S u n C ity 
2 3 'a 
I6 '4 S u n E le c 6 o 1 1 x 1 1 3 
2 3 '» 
2 2 *4 
22''4 — 
7's S u n a ir 
,4Se 
6 

'/♦ 

1o*4 
18*8 
1? 
S u n d n c 
.2oh 25 
7’ ? 
5 *4 S u n s h J r 
28 
6 x 3 
1 7'a 
15'» S u p F d S 
4o 
9 
4' a 
3' b S u p e rcr .lO e 
4 
8*4 
5 *a S u p ln d l 
U b 6 
8 
5 
S u p S u rg 
U 6 
5'4 
2 's Susqueh 
13 
12*4 
1o*4 Susqnn p f 25k . 
'» 
*» SutrAAtg w t 
,. 
7 '4 
5 H S y n a lo y 
3ota 
5 
2 4 's 
17'? S y n te x 
5o 
8 
IB '? 
13'a S ysco C p 
4o 
7 
7*8 
5 
S yst E n g 
22 

9' 7 
I ' s 
4*8 

8 
T E C 
1*8 T F I 
4'jb 
6 
7 
3*4 T a lle y ln w t 

25 

4 T a lle y 
4 T a n d y B r 
2 o '4 
17'» T a s ty 
12 o a 
T a l l 16 
T e ch S y m 
3*8 
2 *8 
T e ch O p 
3*4 
2 ’ 4 
T e ch T a p 
5 ' b 
4 
T e ch tr l 
16 
17" b 
1 3 '» T e io n R 
.2oa 
8*a 
7 
T e le C m 
4o 
U V 4 T e le fle x 
U r 
'8 T e le x C p w f 
2’'4 T e n n a 
o8a 
S '* T e n n e co w f 
T ? T e n n e y E n 
T b T e n s o r 
IS '? 
U '4 T e r a d y n 
1 
13*« 
1 o ', T e r r a C 
.8o 
145 % 
I U 4 T e t r a T 
1o 
5 8'? 
55 
T x P L p f4 ,5 6 
7'b 
S H T e x s ta r 
o7e 
18*4 
15*4 T e x tro n w l 
'? T h o r 
Cp 
2 *8 T h o r o f a r 
3 
T h r e e D .791 
6 '? T h r if t im t 
.1o 
1'% T id w e ll 
5 *8 T i f f a n y l .2o 4 x 5 4 
5 H T im p t e 
‘ 
' 
18' ? T o k h e im ,8o 
47 
T o lE d p f4.25 
9o 
T o IE d p f8 32 
83 .' T o t E d pf7 76 

18 
7-1 6 
4 'a 
8’ ? 
2*4 
1 'a 

16'» 
U H T o ríñ C p 
.8o 8 
5 'a T o ta l P e t 
8 
I '» T o tP e t w t 
13 '» T o ta l p f 
7o 
2 *4 T o w n C t r y 
. 
2 
T ra n s L u x 
11 
3 '? 
2 H T r e d w y 
.1o 4 
P » 
1 o 'b T r iS t M t r 
8o 5 lOe a 
5'% T rico 
311 16 1 x4 TubO sA A 
o 3 i 
5’ 7 T u ftC O 
.4o 

1o 
9 
8*% 
8*4 
. 
88 
13'% 
U H 
12x4 - ; 
*o x 3 
6 
5 *4 
5 x4— 
'% 
3o 
16 
15*% 
16 k 
' o 
2 
3*4 
3*% 
3*% 
17 
8 
7H 
7*8 f 
'l/4 
U 
6*% 
6' 8 
6 '4 
36 
4 'd 
41 % 
41.4 + 
■'■B 
23 
12*4 
12'? 
12X4 k 
'% 
42 
*o 
*■« 
* % - M 6 
39 
6 
5 '» 
S H ­ 
'4 
997 
19'% 
17*4 
U ' S - 
' r 
32 
1 7H 
1 6 H 
1 6 H - 
' f 
179 
6 H 
5*4 
6 ' d - 
*% 

24 
9 '4 a 
8 
— 
T d 
19 
1'% 
I H 
1 '% k- 
' '4 
2 
3 X4 
3 x4 
3*4 — 
' B 
23o 
8'» 
7 '4 
7'% k 
* f 
16 
18'8 l / ' a 
U 'B — 
1 , 
46 
*4 11 1611 16— 1 14 
2o 
2 ’/4 
2*4 
2*4 
275 
3 
2'% 
3 
+ 
' 8 
51 
5*% 
5 ' b 
5’ d - 
'« 
17 
15 '» 
U '% 
14'/» — 
1 
32 
8 
7H 
7*%— 
' e 
U 
1 5 H 
15 
15'%— 
H 
77 
'% 
' » 
' » , . . 
41 
3 
2*/4 
2 " i t - 
' » 
113 
5*4 
5"? 
S 'l — 
*( 
29 
73/4 
2*% 
2 '7 
21 
1 * , 
1'% 
T '4. . . 
1o8 
U 'a 
13'? 
13X4— 
*4 
142 
1T% 
1o' 2 
1ov%— 
'8 
135 
1 3 H 
1 2 H 
1 2 '% - 
H 
ZlOO 
55 
55 
55 
. 
17o 
7 
6 *« 
6 * 4- 
'% 
11 
1 7H 
16'% 
1 6 ' » - 
'p 
2 513 16 
X4 I 3 16— 1 14 
34 
3 
2 *4 
2 '» k 
' 8 
21 
4 
3’ « 
4 
. . . x 28 
8's 
7'% 
7" , - - 
' 2 
6o 
1'% 
I H 
1 '% ... x 5 4 
6 
5 H 
5 ’ » k 
' B 
32 
11'/4 n 
1 T % k 
1 J 

152 
23 
21 
21"» - - P f 
ZlOO 
48'/% 
48 '/4 
48'-4 k 
'4 
Z4o 
93 
9o 
93 k v% 
Z5oo 
86'% 
86 ' '4 
86'% + 
*4 
Z69o 
1o7 
1o4’ ? 
1 o 4 '7— 
2 
79 
7 '4 
6'/? 
7’% * 
*4 
1o 
1 5 '» 
1 5 H 
15X4 ♦ 
'4 
348 
7*8 
71-« 
7'/j— 
* , 
223 
2*% 
2'% 
2 'd + l 16 
58 
15x4 
15*% 
15'% . 
6 
2 '? 
2'% 
2’ d - 
*4 
34 
2 '4 
2'% 
2'-%— 
' 8 
29 
3 '» 
3 
3 
- 
' B 
23 
11'% 
U '% 
I T 4 + 
'% 
114 
6*% 
6'% 
41 /4 . - 
' ? 
4 2 213 1 6 2 9 .1 6 2 1 3 16 
7 
8'» 
8H 
8H . . x 4 
2 5 ’ s 
24X« 24V4 - 
3 
T w in F r .lO e 
9 
51 
37» 
3 '« 

T J J a 
.2o 
12'? U 8.I 
3 '4 U IP C p 
|v% U N A ffi* 
3 H U R S C p 
24 
4 
U V In d w f 
6 *8 U n im a x 
1 
4*4 U n im a x pf 
4 *8 U n F id e l 
4 *8 U n io n tn v 
8*4 U n A ir P d .56 
'» 5 16 U n B r a n d w t 
12*8 
1o*4 U n C o s F 
-55 

5 
6 ' b 
1o 
5 H 
7 
7*» 
U ' 

U 
69 
6o 
49 
173 
62 
47 
138 
137 
32 
98 
9 
11 

3 H - 

U ' 2— 
1« 
3 *» ............ 
1'/8............ 
4'/« — 
'.'B 
4'.?— 
*% 
8'? — 
'? 
4 '» + 
'» 
6 '» — 
* 4 
5 '» + 
*% 
1 1 *8 
1o'% 
1o*4— 
» 8 
*e 5 16 5 1 6 - 1 . 1 6 
1o*'« 
11 

17x4 
3 '? 
2 
4 ' b 
5 ' b 
9 
4 ' b 
6 *8 
5 ' b 

12’ ? 
3*4 
1*4 
4V» 
4 '? 
8’ ? 
4 '? 
6 
5*/4 

T ? 
T b U n F o o d s 
26 
1'-% 
U'B 
T % — 
<B 
2 
'% U N a t C p 
7 
T ? 
1*8 
T ? - 
'•8 
5 32 1 16 U N a f C p w f 
22 1 141 1 1 6 
1 16 
6 
-T ? 
3 '» U N a tC p p f 
2*4 U P ie ce O 
6 
32 
4*a 
3 '4 
4'/« 
3 ’ % 
4'/d— 
3 ’% k 
‘ a 
' 8 
9 's 
7*4 U S B cp T r 
26 
8 '% 
8 '» 
8 '/ . + 
' 4 
16*% 
U 
U S F ilt r 
-28 
9 x 626 
IS 
U '% 
14'?— 
'-4 
9 '4 
8 
U n R lfT 
94e 
13 
95 
9 'd 
8 '% 
8 ''» — 
*8 
' 2 
'4 U n R I t T w t 
66 
5 16 
'% 
'4 — 1■16 
6 ' ? 
3 '» U S N t R s 
7 
981 
6 '? 
4 *4 
5 '» + 
*4 
3 ' b 
2 'e U S R d iu m 
22 
58 
3 -4 
2 '» 
3>a 
IS 'd 
1 3 ' b U S R b R la 
9 
9 
U ' b 
U H 
U H - 
'■4 
34 
3o'4 U n ite k 
.3o 
12 
2 
31 
31 a i 
- 
*4 
I P s 
7*4 U n ify B uy 
9 
88 
8 
7x4 
7*4 
3 '4 
2 '? U n ivC ig 
.o5 
4 
5 
2 'e 
2 X4 
2x4 - 
' » 
2 '4 
T l! U n ivlZ o n t 
U 
T/4 
T » 
T d k 
'a 
17*4 
13'o U n ivR s 
,2oc 
13 
193 
16' a 
U X g 
14'?— 
IV? 
U 
8*4 U n ivR u n 
52 
5 
55 
U 
1o*-% 
11’ 7-k 
Xd 
1 6 'b 
U * 4 U n vS a v 
.48 
4 
12 
16'a 
16''? 
16’ J . 

6 ' b 
U ’ 4 
S '8 
2'b 
1o*B 
18*4 
2 ' b 
26' 7 
9 'b 
IV , 
4 '» 
4*8 
2*4 
6>'4 
3V» 
3 ' b 
2 '? 
21’ ? 
9 14 
4V« 
1 o 'b 

3 ' b 
2 8'« 
U * 4 
B ' b 
3'-4 
9*% 
25'% 
6' 4 
18*4 
17>4 
9 16 
4 '» 
5 'b 
6 * a 
2 5 '« 
2 S H 
5 
2V« 
7 
4 ' b 
7H 
9 '? 
9 '» 
8 ' b 
6' « 
3» '4 
V» 
6 '* 
9 
4' ? 
9 
2 ’ % 
7 *'4 
4*8 
T a 
1o'? 
U ' s 
6 '» 
1'» 
8' ? 
U '2 
15 
1 8'» 

1o'? 
7X4 

 vvv-x 

6 
V a lle s s t .621 
7 16 
6 ''4 l O 'î V a l m a c 
,8o 
7x 1 1 6 
13» ? 
4 '? V a ls p a r 
.28 
1o 
« 
4X4 
2' e V a lL D v ,o2e 
19 
2 H 
8’ » V a n D o r n .5o 
6 36 
VV« 
11*% V e e co 
32a 
6 82 
18’? 
1*8 V e r i t 
4 
16 
1 '? 
2o 
V e r m n tA .32 
7 
17 
2 o H 
4 's V e r n itr o n 
13 
721 
9 ' ? 
1 ' b V e r t i p l e 
16 
17 
2 '? V e s e iy 
I H V ia te ch 
T ? V in ta g e E 
51/4 V ifC O 
1o 
4 
2 '? V is h a y 
9 
2 '4 V is u a IG .OSr 
5 
2 
V o l AAer 
13 
U 
V o p le x 
72a 
5 
9 *4 V o p le x w i 
3 
V u lcn C p 
8 
8*4 V u lcin c 
.5o 
4 

2 H W T C 
In c 1o 
19’ 8 ’A 7U lln c 
.8o 
1o' » W a b a s n 
B'b W a ck n h f 
2 
'YYadel E q 
6' 4 W a tn o co 
2 o '» W a tco N 

4o 
. 
4o 
7 
.1o 
21 
....... — 
. 3ob 
6 
4 '4 W a lia cS ,2oe 
9 
1 3 'îW a n g L b 
.12 1o 
I T ? W a n g L B .22 
9 
' b W a r d F d s w t ,. 
3 H W a rd s Co 
5 
4 '? W a r n C p f o5 
S '4 W s h H o m .1o 
5 
2 1 '? W a s P s t B 
36 
8 
„ 
21 
W R I T 
1 76 U x l 3 
3' ? W a ts co 
2o 12 
15 
2 ' b W e tm a n 
9 
1 
5 *4 W d d T u A 
8 
35 
3*4 W d lco 
25 18 
15 
6 H W e s co F n 
S 
15 
7*8 W e s tC h P 
4o 9 
18 
7 
W s tF in I 
15a 225 116 
S' '4 W liip p n y 
.2o 
5 
W h ita k e r .4o 1o 
2 '8 W h ite h a ll 
7 
>4 W h itta k r w t 
2 *4 W ich ita 
23 
7H W m h o u s 
36 
8 x 58 

1 ' » 
2 H 
3 '? 
1*/4 
6 
31/4 
2*4 
2 '» 
19 
91/4 
3» /« 
9 

2*4 
2 B H 
U '-? 
7H 
2 H 
8H 
2 4 '» 
5X« 
IS '/a 
IS 
' • 
41 ? 
5 '4 
5'/? 
24 
23 
4 '» 
2*% 
6 '» 
4 
6'-» 
7H 
9*% 
5*4 
5 '4 
3 '» 

 x iO 
33 
67 
. „ 
1o6 5 16 
119 
4 '4 

3*4 W ils o n B r 
3o 
7 x4 W in k im n .4o 
T ? W in s tn A A 
2 '4 W o tfH B 
314 W o o d 
Ind 
'b W o o iL t 
W o rcs tC 
9 ' 2 W o r k W r 
4 ' ? W r a th e r 
*4 W r ig h tH 
S '» W y le L a b 
9 *4 W y tin ln 
U '4 W y m B n 
12*4 X o n ics 

o6e 

6o 
o5e 

32 
.4o 
.56 
1o 

8 
13 
4 
2 
8'« 
16 
2 H 
6 
2 '? 
42 
4 
311 16 
49 
1o'/ 
25 
34 
135 
165 
69 
79 
3o5 

9 '» 
6 
*» 
7* 4 
11*4 
U '/4 
1S'/4 

6 '» 
1 2 '/* 
4 H 
2« ? 
8'/« 
17 
I H 
2o 
9 '» 
1 '» 
2 '? 
3 H 
I H 
5"» 
3 '» 
2 H 

1I ’ « 
91/4 
3 H 
8 X4 

2 H 
2 6 '» 
1 3 '» 
Ô '» 
2 H 
7'» 
23'/» 
5'-» 
U H 
U 
'/» 
41 4 
4X4 
514 
2 3 '» 
2 2 H 
3 '» 
2X» 
5 '» 
3*4 
6'/? 
7X« 
8*4 
5 H 
5 
2*4 
•4 
3 X4 
8 
3 x4 
8'4 
1 '» 
2'/? 
3-H 
1 
9'% 
9 H 
5 H 
* 4 
7>'4 
1 T '4 
13'? 
12X4 

6'/» — 
1/4 
1 3 H ............ 

2H........ 
9 
— 
>8 
17 
— 
H 
I H - 
•» 
2o 
— 
9 1.4— 
*B 
1 *4 ........... 
2'.-'?— 
>'4 
3 H - 
'4 
IH — 
'-'4 
5'/» 
>'4 
3'/« — 
'» 
2 H + 
'• 
2 
— 
18 H — 
X , 
9 '/4............ 
3X4 k 
I» 
8 ' / * - 
'» 

2 H ........... 
27 
— 1'? 
13X4— 
H 
7>%— 
3 a 
2'-?............ 
8 
— 
I 4 
23'/« — 
*» 
5 '» + 
'■» 
14X4— IV4 
U 
— 
'» 
'» — 1-16 
4 '? + 
*8 
4 X4— t/? 
514- 
>8 
23'» — 
H 
2 2 H + 
3f 
4 '» + 
'-» 
2 H + 
'e 
6 
............ 
3* 4- 
'4 
6'-'i-k - 
7X » - 
I . 
9 
- 
X, 
5 H — 
' B 
S '-'» - 
'» 
3 
— 
'6 
'4 — I 16 
3 X4— 
* ( 
8 
'+ 
'/» 
3x4— 
'4 
8 '/4. 
. 
2H k 
*1 
2 ' ? - 
'o 
3*4 + 
' I- 
1 
9 X4 
9X4 
5V%— 
*1 
' » + i.f 
7' ,™ 
3 , 
I T 4- 
*1 
13*/4~ 
1 3 H - I H 

X? 

Y-Z 

8' ? Z e ro Co 
36 
6 
S '4 Z im m e r 
24 
6 
1o4 
. 36 
9 '» 
9 H 
9 *4 
5 X4 
S '? 
5'/?- 

 l o i . i Æ 
ï ' : ' ' 

J a n 1 to d a le 
.............. 
îb r t t o'Íw 

........................................................; : : ; ; : : : ; : 3 i ; ; m'?:§ ?^ 

 n 
- c 
Son Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS- 
Investment trusts 

Soturdoy Moy 28 1977 

F 

W fcfcKL Y IN V E S TIN G CO M PAN IES 
NEW YO R K <AP) - W eekly lnv « fing 
CO'^panies g iving the hig h, low and last prices tor the week w ith the net chang e from the previous week's last price. 
All q uotations, supplied by the National 
Association of Securities D ealers, Inc., reflect net asset values, at which securities could have been sold. 
Hig h L ow L ast 
Chg 
■■ 
‘ 
■ 
5 ,4 1 - .1? 

8 95 
399 
6 51 
1o.96 
6 34 
6.46 
3.98 
5 34 
5.o3 
5.46 
12.35 
2 77 

TOO 
6 .2 2 
7 5o 
4 36 
6.63 
9.86 
7.4o 

7.91 
4.94 
5 76 
1o.o8 
I 77 
8.85 
8 12 
8.89 

7.o2 
899 
7.64 
4.76 
9 45 

12 51 
7 .» 
2.94 
14 73 
9.99 
11.18 
9 19 
8 55 
1 oo 
11.o7 
9 77 
13.71 

6 o4 
3 48 
7.26 
5.o9 
I I 44 
6 8o 

2 41 
7 79 

8.92 
9 17 
4.44 
8 86 
11 29 
14.89 
1 oo 
1.47 
8 93 
7.26 
12.59 
9,87 
5,54 
6 .21 
11 28 
7.37 
29 61 

12 32 n 1o 
9 41 
4.68 
4 o1 
21.73 
15 46 
9 54 

11 6 8 
5.29 
15.52 
9 99 
7 29 
15 61 
13 o8 
1o.16 

8 16 
8.16 
8 15 
6 o7 
6 o3 
8.84 
15.74 
8 51 
1o.51 
1393 
9,36 

15.22— ,» 
9.2 7 - ,39 
7 .o 8- .23 
12.96+ .o6 
8 61— .28 
8.o9^- .27 
1o.24— .33 
9.78— .14 
4.9o— .18 

7.87— .24 
5.41— .12 
9.77— .21 
15.13f .o6 
6.o6— .17 
4 .4 » - .11 
16.27— .26 
136» 
.38 
15.99— .95 
6.66— .17 

8 98 * .o3 
3.99— .o8 
6.51— .o6 
11.o1— .32 
6 3 4 - ,13 
6 46— 15 
3.98— .o3 
5.35— .1o 
5.o3— .13 
5.46— .26 
12.37+ .o2 
2 77— .o9 

1.o o........ 
6 2 2- 
.2 1 
7 .S o - .o6 
4 .3 6 - .17 
6.63— .17 
9.86— .25 
7 6 8- .19 

7.91— .13 
4.95+- .o1 
5.76— .19 
1o.o8— 
I.7 8+ .o1 
8.85— .28 
8.1 2 - .24 
8.89— ,22 

7 .o 4 - .16 
8 99 - .18 
7.64 - .26 
4.76— .12 
9 46— .11 

12.51— .38 
7.28— .1o 
2 .94- .M 
14.79+ .o7 
9.99— .16 
II.18 - .35 
9.19 - .28 
8 58+ .o5 
1 .o o........ 
11.12— .23 
9.77— .31 
13.71— .43 

6 o4— .26 
3,4 8- .o7 
7 .2 6 - .15 
5 o 9- .14 
11 44— .48 
6 8o - .25 

K 
U N D 
. 3% ^ 8 — .1 4 
2.41 — 
7.29— .28 

8.92— .13 
9 17— .19 
4 4 4 — .1 6 
8.87+ .o2 
11 29 
. 
14.89— .37 
1 oo— .o1 
I 47— .o3 
8 93— .17 
7.2 6 - .26 
12 6 o - .25 
9.87— .25 
5 54— .26 
6.22— .o9 
11.28— .3o 
7.37— .34 
29.61— .86 

12.32— .26 
11 1 o - .41 
9.45+ .o4 
4,68 • .2o 
4,o1— .13 
21.73— .64 
15 46^- .57 
9.5 4 - .24 

II 6 8- .36 
5 29— .18 
15.52— .54 
9 99 ........ 
7 3o 
- 
15.62........ 
13.o8- .49 
1o 16— .26 

8 16— .15 
8.16— .25 
8 15— .21 
6 o8 
. 
6 o3— .16 
8.84 - .24 
15.74— .25 
8.51— .32 
1o.51— .31 
13 93— .47 
9 36— .32 

AGE Fund 
5.56' 
5.41 
A co rnF dn 
15 48 
15.22 
A dv a nlnv n 
9,51 9.27 
Aetna Fund 
7.22 7.o8 
A cfnalncom S hr 
12 96 12 9o 
A futureF dn 
8 77 
8.« 
A iistateS tkn 
8 25 
8 o9 
Alpha Fund 
1o.43 1o 24 
A niB irth rg h tT r 
9 87 9,78 
A rnE l^ ity Fd 
5.o1 4.9o 
A m erican Funds; 
Arn Balance 
8.o4 7.87 
Am cap Fund 
5 49 5.41 
A m M utua lF d 
9.89 9.77 
BondFd Am 
15.15 15.1o 
CapFd Am 
6 16 
6 o6 
G ro w th F dA m 
4 55 4.49 
Incom eFdA m 
16.4o 16.3? invCoA 
13.89 13 6» 
NewPersp Fd 
16 2o 15.99 
W ashMutI Inv 
6 77 6.66 
Am er General ; 
AGenCap Bd 
8.98 
AGenCap Gth 
4 o4 
AGen Incom e 
6.54 
AGen Venture 
112o 
E q uity G rth 
6.42 
FundO fA m 
6.55 
Provident Fd 
4.oo 
Am G row lh Fd 
5.4o 
Am insA Ind 
5.1o 
A m investo rn 
5 6o 
A m inv lm F dn 
12.37 
A m N al G row th 
2,82 
A nrhorO roup ; 
D allytncom n 
1 OO 
G row th Fund 
6.34 
Income 
7.53 
Spectrum 
4.47 
Fundm Invest 
6.73 
Washing Nat 
1o.o1 
A udaxFund 
7.79 
AxeH oug htw i ; 
FundB 
7.99 
Incm Fnd 
4.95 
Stock Fund 
5.87 
B L C G row thFd 
1o.36 
Babsonlncomn 
1.78 
Babsonlnvm tn 
9.o4 
B eaconH illM tn 
8 27 
Beaconlnvn 
9,o1 
Berq er Group; 
IM F und n 
7.14 
1o1 Fund n 
9.13 
BerkshireCap 
7.8o 
Bondstofk Cp 
4 84 
BostFound Fd 
9 49 
Calvin Bullock: 
BullOCkFund 
12.76 
Canadian Fnd 
7.37 
Dividend a irs 
2.99 
M onthly Incm 
14,79 
Nation WideS 
1o.o8 
NY V enture 
11 4o 
CG Fund 
9,35 
CG Incom cFd 
8.58 
C apP resvFdn 
1.oo 
C m turyS h rT r 
11.22 
Challeng er Inv 
9.96 
C h arferF dInc 
13.99 
ChaseG r Bos; 
Fund 
6 23 
F rontier Cap 
3.S3 
Sharehold 
7.36 
Special 
5.17 
ChpSideDoilr n 
11 75 
C hernicalFund 
6 95 
C N AM q em tFds 
L i b e r t y 
' j .'2 Sb 
’ a . +e 
M anhalan Fd 
2 46 
Schuster Fd 
7.43 
Colonial : 
C onvertible 
9 o1 
Fund 
9.28 
G rw thS hr 
4.52 
Income 
8.87 
Optionlnc 
11.43 
Cotum bG rth n 
15.11 
C o m w th T rA & B 
1,oo 
C om w lthTrC 
149 
Composite B&S 
9.o4 
Composite F d 
7,42 
Concord F dn 
12 76 
Consolidât Inv 
1o,oo 
ConStellnGth n 
5.71 
C o ntM utlnvn 
6.29 
CountryCap In 
11.45 
Davidq eFundn 
7.61 tieVeg htM ut n 
3o.16 
D elaw are G roup; 
Decatur Inc 
12 5o 
D elaw are Fd 
11.39 
Oelchester Bd 
9 45 
Delta Trend 
4.81 
D irectors Cap 
4.11 
DockjCoxBaIn 
21.93 
Dodq CxSfk n 
15 7o 
D rexlB urnh m n 
9 68 
Dreyfus G rp ; 
D reyfus 
11.88 
E q uity n 
5,41 
L everag e 
15.84 liq uidA sset n 
9 99 
Spec. I Incom e 
7.31 
TaxE xem pt n 
15 62 
T hirdC enfury 
13.39 
Fag leG rth Shr 
1o.M 
Eafon& How ard; 
Balance Fund 
8 24 
Foursq uaren 
8.31 
G rowth Fund 
8 26 
Income Fund 
6 o8 
Special Fund 
6.12 
Stock Fund 
8 99 
L dieSplG thn 
1589 
F dso nG ldn 
8 7o 
Eq ret Fund 
1o 72 
E ffunT rustn 
14.25 f a irfield Fund 
9 56 
F a rm B urM ut n unavail 
Federated Funds: 
A oiL ea ders 
8.8o 
8 68 
8.6o— .2o 
E m pire Fd 
18 69 
18.56 
18 58— .31 
Fourth E m pir 17 45 
17.28 
17.31— .32 
T axF reen 
12 96 
12 96 
12 96 
...... 
F ideiitv Group ; 
CorpBond 
8 7o 
8 69 
8.7o+ .o2 
Capital 
8 o7 
7.87 
7.87— .32 
Contrafund n 
1o 51 
1o.o9 1o.o9— .52 
D aily Incom n 
1.oo 
1.oo 
TOO .. 
Destiny 
9 74 
9 55 
9 55— .3o 
E q uity Incm n 15.93 
15.73 15.73— 
.33 
M ag ellan 
23 43 
22.95 22 95— .91 
M uniBond n 
1o 47 
1o.46 1o 47. .. 
F idelity 
16.12 
15.88 
15.88— .42 
P uritan 
11 12 
11.o1 
11.o1- .19 
Salem 
4.96 
4.86 4.86— .16 
T h ritlT rus fn 
1o.54 
1o.51 
1o 5 4 + .o 4 
Trend 
2i 23 
3o 8o 
2o 8o— .75 
FinancialP rog ■ 
Oynam Fd n 
4.77 
4 .« 
4.65— .18 
IndusiF d n 
4 42 
4.37 
4.37— .o9 
Intom eF d n 
7,92 
7 88 
7.88— .o7 
F si Investors 
Discovery 
4,89 
4.78 4.79— .14 
FundG row th 
6.33 
6 23 
6,23 - .17 
Income 
8 69 
8 66 
8 69+ .o2 
SlockFund 
8 3o 
8 25 
8 26— .1o 
F stM ultA m n 
7 97 
7.89 
7.89— .13 
F s tM ultD ly n 
1o M 1o oo 
1o.oo . 
¡4 W allStn 
15 16 14.66 
14.66— .58 
FoundGrowth 
3.82 
3.72 3.78— .o5 
Founders G roup; 
G row th 
4 41 4.34 
4.34— .12 
Income 
12 47 12 31 
12 3 1 - .21 
M utual 
8 84 8.65 
8.65— .29 
Special 
9.o3 
8.79 8 79— .31 
F ra nk lin G roup; 
Brow nFd 
3 43 
3 36 
3 36— .1o 
DNTC 
6 55 
6 37 
6 37— .28 
Growth 
5 2o 
5 o6 
5 o6— .2o 
U tilities 
4 75 4.7o 
4.7o— .o6 
Income Stk 
1 73 1 71 
1 72 ......... 
USGovt Sec 
9 73 
9 7o 
9.73 f .o3 
Rosrch Capit 
2 36 
2.25 
2 36+ .o4 
R esrchE g uly 
3 3o 
3 22 
3 2 2 -.1 2 t ra nklnL t E q ly 
7 77 
7,63 
7.63— .26 
F dF orM utD n 
7 76 7.62 
7 62— .27 f undpack 
8 18 
7.91 
7.91— .36 
F und Inc Grp 
Comiru? rccFd 
8 82 8.72 
8.72— .2o 
Im pact Fund 
8.18 
8.11 
8,13- 
.11 
IncTust Trend 
11 o2 1o.75 
1o.75— .37 
Pilot Fund 
8 36 8 1o 
8.1o— .36 
GenEISSP n 
25 93 25 49 
25.49- .77 
OeiiSecurit n 
9 52 9 23 
9 23— .43 
O ro w th lndn 
16 73 16 41 
16.41— .52 
Ham ilton 
FundH D A 
4 
14 
4 o8 
4 o8— .1o 
G fow thF und 
6 81 
6.71 
6.71— .16 
Income 
7 
76 
7 68 
7 .6 8- .11 
H a rtw ellO rth n 
1o 85 1o.71 
1o.71— .25 
H a rtw llL evern 
7 63 
7.37 
7,37— 
H erlta g eF und 
1 36 
1 33 
1.33— .o4 
H olding Trust n 
1.oo 
1.oo 
1.oo 
........ 
H oraceM annFd 
15.o3 
14.72 14.72— .51 
I SI Group: 
^ 
G row th 
4.26 4 21 
4 26— .o9 
Income 
3.49 3.44 
3 .« + .o4 
Trust B lares 
1o.44 
1o.34 1o.44+ .o6 
TrustU nits 
2 82 
2 79 
2 82+ .o2 
Industry F und 
3 1o 
3.o3 
3.o3— .o6 ln! Investors 
7 6o 
7 27 
7 6o+ .14 
InvestG uiln 
8 
81 
8.69 
8 69— .22 invst Indlctr n 
1.45 1.42 
1.42— .o4 
InyestT r Bos 
1o o4 9 87 
9 87— .3o 
Inv Counsel ; 
Capam erica 
8.39 8 28 
8 28— ,18 
CapitShrs Inc 
6.o1 
5.88 
5.88— .2o investorsG roup; lOSBond 
6-o3 
IDS G row th 
5 32 
IDS N ew D im 
4 51 
M utual Inc 
9 o7 
Prog ressive 
3 o4 
TaxE xem pt 
4 94 
Stock 
18 44 
Selective 
9 64 
V a riable Pay 
6 23 
Invest Research 
5 28 
Istel Fond Inc 
19 18 
IvvFundn 
5-87 iP G ro w th F d 
1o 51 
JanusFund n 
17.45 
Jrtin Hancock: 
Balance 
8 94 
Bond 
W47 
G row th 
5 6o 
.(ohnstnM utn 
19 34 
Ken+perFw ids: 
Growth F d 
7.11 
Income 
1o 78 
AAoneyMktn 
TOO 
M uoicpBnd 
1o.63 
Summ it Fd 
1o. Ä 
Technolog y 
7.27 
Tot Ret urn 
9 92 
KeystoneFunds; 
Aim IIo Fund 
4 o3 
InvesfBd 81 
17 99 
MedGBd B2 
19 68 
DibcBdB4 
8.52 lo c o m F dK I 
7 71 
G fO W thFdk2 
5 16 
MiG rCom SI 
17 33 
U>comStkS2 
9 4o 
Growth S 3 
7 67 
L 3PrComS4 
3 73 
Polaris 
3.31 
L exinrton G rp. 
C orpL eaders 
14.46 
L exing tnO rth 
8 7o 
L exing Incom 
1o 49 
L exm g lnR sh 
14.91 
I ifelns Inv 
7 ® 
Linc oln Natl ; 
Select Am n 
7 o3 
Select Spec n 
17 25 
I cwmis Sayles 
C apital n 
1o 33 
M uludI n 
12 94 
L ord Abbett 
A ltil.rttedF d 
8 14 
Bond Deb 
1135 
Income 
3 58 
L utheran Bro; 
Fund 
1o 38 
Inconte 
9 3o 
M unicipal 
1o.12 
USGovt Sec 
9 83 
M assechusett Co 

M FB 
M M B 
MathersFr» d n 
ML Cap 
M L R dyA s n 
M id Am er 
M oneyM kM q t n 
M ONY Fund 
M SBFundn 
M utual Benefit 
M iF F und 
M IF G row th 
M utualot Omaha 
Am erica 
Growth 
Income 
TaxFree unavai 
M utoalShrsn 
N E AM utual n 
N atilndustn 
Nat Secur S er; 
Balanced 
Bond 
D ividend 
Growth 
P referred 
Income 
Stock 
N E L ifeF und; 
E q uity 
Growth 
Income 
Side 
Neuberg er Berm 
Energ y n 
G uardianM n 
Partners n 
N euw lrthFd n 
N ewW rldFd n 
NewtonGwth n 
Newton IncFdn 
Nicholas Fd Inn 
Nom uraCapFd 
N oreasllnv n 
NuveenFd 
Omeg a Fund 
OneW illlam n 
o (» enh ^m er Fd; 
Oppenhm Fd 
Opp Inc Bos 
M ooyBr n 
TaxFree Bd n 
A IM n 
T im e 
OverCount Sec 
P aram t M utual 
Paul Revere 
PennSq uare n 
PennM utual n 
Phlla Fond 
PhoenixCapFd 
Phoenix Fd 
P ilg rim G ro; 
Fhtg rlm Form 
P ilg rim Fd 
M a g na ic k a i n 
17 
Mag na Incom 
PineStreetn 
Pioneer Fund; 
Fond tl 
Planned Invest 
P lig row th Fnd 
P lltrend Fnd 
P rice Funds: 
G row thFd n 
Incomen 
New Era n 
N ew H orirn n 
TaxFreen 
ProFundn 
Provider G rth 
Pru SIP 
Putnam Funds; 
Convert 
Eq uit 
Georg e 
Growth 
Income 
Invest 
T axE xem pt 
Vista 
Voyag e 
RainbowFdn 
ReserveFd n 
RevereFundn 
SafecoEq uitFd 
Safeco G row th 
StPaol Cap 
St Paul Gwth 
ScudSfevClk 
CommonSt n 
Incomen 
Inti Fund n 
Manag eRes n 
M Muni Bd n 
Special n 
S ecurityF unds; 
Eq uity 
Invest 
U ltra 
Scsntinel G roup; 
Apex Fond 
Balanced Fd 
Common Stk 
S+Yitlnel G row th 
Sentry Fund 
St>areholders Gp: 
Comstock Fd 
E nterprise Fd 
Fletcher Fd 
H arbor Fond 
L eg al L ist 
Pace Fund 
Shearson F onds: 
Appreciation 
Income 
Invest 
SierraGth n 
ShrmnOean n 
Sig ma Funds: 
Capital 
Invest 
Trust Sh 
V enture Shr 
Sm fhB arE q tn 
Sm thBarlSiG n 
SoGen Int 
Southwstn Inv 
S outhw nlnvG th 
Sovereig n Inv 
SfjectraFdn 
State B ondG r; 
Common Fd 
D iversified F 
Prog ress Fd 
StatFarm G thn 
Slat Farm Bal n stalest Inv 
Steadman Funds 
A m erind n 
AssoF Trust n 
Invest n 
Oceanog ra n 
Stein Roe F ds ; 
Balance n 
CapOpn 
Stock n 
Surveyor Fd 
TempGth Can 
T em plnvFd n 
Transam Cap 
Transam Invest 
Travelers Eq Fd 
Tudor Hedg e n 
TOfhCenlGth n 
TOfhCentInc n 
USAACapGthn 
USAAIm F dn 
USGovt Secur 
UnifM otuaIn 
Union Svc G rp ; 
BroadSt Inv 
Nat Invest 
Un 

Le a de r« » 
NEW Y O R K (A P I Week's tw enty most active stot ks 
Y early 
Week's y 
Sles 
East Koflak 
856,3oo 
T went Cent 
« 65.1oo 
Texacoinc 
851.4oo 
Am Home 
831,3oo 
K m art 
741 1oo 
B ankAm er 
. 
. 
685,3oo 
Gen M otors 
658,3oo 
C iticorp 
. 
638.7oo 
ContOil 
631,ooo 
Boeing 
63o,6oo 
Sony Cm D 
.. 
628.1oo 
Dow Ch 
, 
6o2,8oo 
Pizza Hut 
. 
6o2,6oo 
A m TT 
.................... 
6oo,9oo 
Deciden Pet 
. 
6oo,3oo 
Xerox Cp 
. 
589,WO 
F edN atM tg 
. . . . 
573,1oo 
Tex U til 
. 
............ 
K »X 
? 
Exxon 
533.6oo 
Ford Mot 
............... 
533.4oo 
NEW YO RK (A P ) — W eek's A m erican leaders 
Week's 
Sale 
442.WO 
.................. 
432.ooo 
262.8oo 
.................. 
164,6oo 
............... 
147,3oo 
.................... 
143.ooo 
. . 
126,4oo 
111.4oo 
1o2,2oo 
1o1.4oo 

Hig h 
L ow 

6oS» 
15'» 
2 7 ' V 
7 7 '4 
2 8',. 
2 3 'J 
6 7 '4 
2 7 'j 
34’ » 
5 2 ^ 4 
9 
36 
2 9'4 
6 4 ’ a 
27+4 
4 7 ’ 8 
16 
, 
'7 
52'3 
55S« 

55S» 
114» 
2 6 '» 
2 5 ’ 4 
254» 
22'» 
6 6 ' 3 
25’ 4 
3 2 ' 3 
.5o'b 
8'« 
34’ » 
26 
62 + 4 
7 7 ’ » 
4444 
154» 
I *> 

5o4'4 
53'3 

L ast Chg 
56 
- 4's 
15 
‘ 3 
2 6 '4 - s^ 
254» - 1’ t 
264» - 2 
2 3 ’ » 
M 
66S» 
I ’ i 
26 
- 144 
3744 
2'4 
5o’ i - 1’ « 
9 
— 
't 
35 
- 1'-4 
2 8 '4 * 
2'4 
63 
— 
4 , 
274» - 
4S''« ~ 
15V» - 
'« 

51’ » 
I 
5 4 '-*- 14* 

14l 

S3 
19’ » 
8* 4 
1? '3 
4 1 ' 8 
2' 3 
84» 
2 '4 
2 7 '4 
13'4 

Hig h 
L ow 
494» 
144» 
8 
11'4 
38'3 
2'4 
7'b 
2 ’ 4 
25 
1o’ » 

L ast Chg 
» ’ » 
2<i 
19' 4 + 44, 
« 4» • 
*4 
11’ » 
1J| 
41 
- 
2'4 
7 ’ » 
2 ’ -4 + 
25 
134» + 

1’» 

Av e ra ge s 

WHAT T H E STOCK M A R K E T DIO 
Two 
T hisP rev.Y ear Years weekweekag o ag o 
3W 
11o6 
476 
1o14 
1526 
717 
2113 
W 
254 

Advances 
Declines 
Unchang ed 
Total issues 
N ew yearly hig hs 
New yearly lows 
W E E K L Y SAL ES 
ThisW aak 

698 
31o 
2114 
29o 
11o 

1337 
237 
2o5o 
62 
179 

 m 
281 
1988 
276 
19 

12.5» - .47 
. 
. 
. 
8.6 o - .23 
3 47 
3.4o 
3 .4 o - 

9 16 
11 o6 

14 o5 
15 61 
1 T ^ 
1o 76 
7 99 

9 72 
1o o5 
1o 69 
699 
1o 18 
6 o9 
7 46 
9 26 

17 19 
9.49 
13 63 
1o 31 
8 o3 
7 34 
24.o6 
9 75 
11-79 
2 .o o 
TOO 
5.49 
8.95 
9 o5 
8o5 
7 26 

9 32 
14 67 
13.26 
1o.o2 
1o 29 
23.33 

3 91 
7 54 
9 58 

3 36 
7.93 
12 77 
8 .o o 
1168 

5.84 
5 11 
5.73 
8 59 
6 6 8 
1o 21 

16.54 
18 73 
1o 33 
9.o2 
18 33 

8 55 
1o.17 
8 .6 6 
1o 2 o 
9 98 
12 71 
1o.58 
7.68 
4 67 
12 o7 
4 63 

4 19 
4 98 
3 8o 
5 98 
9 48 
41.92 

2 33 
1,1o 
143 
6 22 

17 o2 
8 63 n 87 
8 53 
12 44 
TOO 
6 91 
9.19 
9 93 
13 96 
4 o1 
5.99 
7.4o 
1T5o 
9 74 
8.38 

11 8o 
6. IS 

9 12 
1o 42 

13 88 
15.36 
11.48 
1o.56 
7 87 

9 54 
1o,o1 
1o 51 
6.91 
1o 18 
5.97 
7 33 
9.o8 

1197 
9 39 
13.5o 
1o 18 
7.98 
7 19 
24 o4 
9 62 
11 62 
195 
TOO 
5.41 
8 79 
8 83 
7.89 
7.o7 

9,15 
14 16 
13 2o 
1o .o 2 
1o.29 
2292 

3.85 
7 46 
9 24 

3 27 
7 86 
12 1o 
7 83 
1143 

5.77 
5 o5 
5 14 
8 54 
6 6o 
1o o4 

16 24 
I8 6o 
1o o8 
8.84 
17 57 

8 35 
1o o2 
8 61 
1o IS 
9 82 
12,61 
1o 48 
761 
4.6o 
1185 
4.5o 

4 13 
4 94 
3.73 
5 89 
9 41 
41,o1 

2.3o 
11o 
14o 
6.19 

16 77 
8 49 
11.6o 
8.38 
12 26 
TOO 
682 
9 16 
9 73 
13-73 
3 89 
5.83 
7 .» 
1T49 
9.71 
8 27 

1158 
6.o3 

9.16 
.o1 
1o,42— .74 

13.88- .29 
15 36 - .36 
I T « — .26 
1o 5 6 - .45 
7.87— .25 

9.54— .33 
1o.« + .o4 
1o.51— .33 
6.91— .16 
1o.18— .o2 
5.97— .19 
7 .3 3 - .23 
9.o 8- .32 

11.97— .29 
9 39— .22 
13.5o— .26 
1o.18— 
8.o 2 f 
7.19— 
24.o6 + 
9.62— 
11.62 - 
T95— 
1.oo........ 
5 42— .18 
8 79 - 
M 
8 83 - .31 
7 89— .24 
7 o7— .27 

NY Stocks 
NY Bonds 
A m erican Stocks 
A m erican Bonds 
MidwestStOcks . 

TtiitW eek 
A Y ea rA fo 
93.4oo.ooo 84,247.? lo 
$84,76o,ooo $93,8o3.ooo 
. 9,82o,ooo 1o,129,4» 
54.17o.ooo $5,267,ooo 
... 4.685,ooo 4,45o.8oo 

W eekly N um ber of Traded iiswes 
N Y Stocks 
N-Y Bonds 
A m erican Stocks 
A m erican Bonds 

2113 
16o3 
1139 
12o 

UP' te follo 

NEW YO R K CAP) — Oow Jones rang e 
Of prices tor me week ended oo 
STOCK AVER AG ES 
Open 
Hig h L owClose Chg 
Indus 
917 o6 917 o6 898 83 898 83 
31 63 
Trans 
244,o1 244 o1 238.o2 238 o2 
7.o1 
U tils 
11o94 11o94 11o.11 no 17 
1 57 
« S tk s 
312 29 312 » 3o6.43 3o6.43—V 16 
BOND AVER AG E S 
TOBoodS 
91 39 91 47 
91.32 
91 41 +o o4 
U tils 
96 37 96 58 
96.37 96 5o o o5 
Indus 
86.41 86.41 
86 23 
86 32 + o.12 
CO M M O DITY FU TUR ES IN D E X 
399 W 4o3 72 M9 79 389 79— IT 76 

Chicago Options 

F rida y, 
Ma y 77 
Option & 
Alcoa price 
Jut 
Oct 
Jan Close 
5o 
6’ » 
7’ » 
7’ '« 56 
Alcoa 
6o 
' •k 19 16 
2+8 
56 
Am Exp 
35 
2’ b 
A 
3+. 
36'* 
Am E xp 
4o 
'« 
+. 
15 16 
36’ * 
Am Tel 
6o 
3S« 
4 
4''* 
63 
Am Tei 
65 
1'* 
63 
Am Tel 
7o b 
*» 
+8 63 
A ll R 
SO 
7's 
8' 7 
8’ » 
56» . 
A ll R 
<o 
+*115 16 
2’* 
56+. 
Avon 
4o 
6' « b b 
46’ . 
Avon 
45 
2 '. 
3 '. 
4» * 
46>. 
Avon 
5o 
’ * 
1’ » 
11* 
46'. p ,( n 
' k A m 
? o 
2 ’ » a 
3 ’ / 
K '* '4 '• 
Bank Am 
25 
9 16 
15 16 
22’ » 
B.tnk Am 
3o 
’ 8 a 
22’ » 
Beth S 
3o b a 
4 '* 
33’ » 
Beth S 
35 
7 1ft 15 16 
1'* 
32’ » 

NEW YO RK (A P ) — Standard and 
Poor's W eekly 5oo Stock Index: 
H l ^ 
L ow 
Close 
Chg . 
1o8 27 1o6.11 1o6 1 1 -3 .« 
15 13 
14.73 
14-73—o.55 
53 9o 53.46 
53 51—o.82 
1TS7 
11.34 
11.34—o.39 
98 IS 
96 27 
96 2 7 -3 18 

Beth S 
Bruns 
Brui’ S 
Burl N 
Burl N 
Burrq h 
Bg rrq h 
Burrg h 
C'ticp 
Cificp 
Citicp 
Delta 
Oetfa 
Delta 
Diq Fq 
Dig Eq 
Dig Eq 
Diq Eq 
D ig Eq 
'Disney 
D isney 
O 'Viey 
D isney 
D isney 
Oow Ch 
Oow Ch 
Dow Ch 
1u Pnt lu Pnt lu Pnt f as Kd 
Fas Kd 
Fas Kd 
Fa*. Kd f uxon 
Fiiixon 
F xxon 
F N M f N M 
Fluor 
F im>f 
FTiwr 
1 ord 
Ford ord 
5cri El 
■UTI E l 
7en EJ 

4o 
1 16 
’ » 
5 16 
32’ » 
15 
*8 
+. 
1'* 
14'* 
7o 
1 16 
’ » 
14'* 
45 
4 '. 
S’ * 
6’ » 
4*'» 
SO 
1 + 8 
2+. 
3'» 
4*'.* 
5o 
6'» 
8+» 
9+» 
56 
6o 
1 
2+8 
4 
56 
7o 
' 8 
9 16 
1'» 
56 
25 t ’ 7 
2'8 
2+* 
26 
3o 
' » 
9 16 
’ « 
26 
35 
1 16 
’ » b 
26 
3o 
6’ 8 
6’ » a 
36’ » 
35 
2'» 
3'» 
3’ » 
36'* 
4o 
15 16 
I ' j 
36’ * 
35 
5+8 ■' 
7’ . 
8'. 
4o'* 
4o 
2 '. 
3+, 
4'» 
4o’ * 
.45 
9 16 
IS* 
2S» 
4o'* 
46’ * 
5 16 b b 
4 o '. 
5o a 
9 16 b 
4o’ . 
35 
+» 
11*211 16 
33 
38’ b 
4o 
43’ b 
5o 

3 16 

1 16 
1 16 
35 11 16 
4o 
1 16 
3 'j 
45 
12o 
13o 
14o 
6o 13 16213 16 
1 16 

 b b 
? 
9 16 
'» 
5 ’ 4 
2 
9 16 

 b 
1 b b 
2S» 
1 h 
8 

33 
33 
33 
33 
35 
35 
35 
119 
31» 119 b 119 

4oo Indust 
2o Trans 
4o Utils 
4o F inancial 
5oo Stocks s and Downs 
NEW YO RK (A P ) — The follow ing list shows the New Y ork Stock Exchang e stocks and w a rrants that have g one op the most and down the most in the past week based on percent of chang e reaardleSSOf volum e. 
No securities trading below $2 are Incl uded Net and percentag echzmg esarethe difference between last week’s closing price and this week's closing price. 
UPS 
, 
_ 
L a s t 
Chg 
P et. 
1 
Caesar W on 
7'4 
+ 2+4 
Up 45.o 
2 
Twent Cent 
15 
3 
Storq e T ech 
12 > 

9 15— .M 
14.1» - .56 
13 2o - .1o 
1 o .o 2......... 
1o.29........ 
22 94 - .62 

3.85 - .12 
7 46— .14 
9.2 4 - .44 

3 2 7 - .14 
7.86 - .11 
12.1o- .27 
7.83— .25 
11.43- .43 

5.77- .11 
5.o5— .o9 
5 .1 4 - .13 
8 5 4 - .o7 
6 .6 o - .13 
1o.o4— .27 

16 24— .51 
18.6» - .21 
1o o8— .37 
8 84 - .29 
17.68— .78 

8.35— .24 
1o.o2— .26 
8 61— .o7 
1o.15— .12 
9 82— .3o 
12.62— .18 
1o 48— .17 
7 .6 1 - .16 
4 6o— .17 
11.85— .36 
4 5o— .18 

4 13— .12 
4 94 - .o9 
3 .7 3 - .12 
5 .89- .14 
9 41— .13 
41.o1-1.4o 

2.3o— .o5 
1.1o .. 
14o— .o4 
6 19— .o5 

16.77 
.42 
8 49 - ,27 
11.6o 
.42 
8.38 
.25 
12 2 6 - .32 
TOO.. 
6 82— .18 
9.16— .o8 
9 73— .31 
13.73- .35 
3.89— .17 
5 83— .22 
7 .3 o - .17 
1 1 4 9- ,o1 
9.73+ .o2 
8.27— .17 

11 58— .38 
6 o 3 - .2o 

 na m e 
Caesar Worl 
Twent Cent 
Storg e T ech 
Playboy En 
Monroe Eq 
FePa TTOpf 
D ennisM f pf 
ApldD ig t 
F lorida Sti 
Hoover BB 
ApidOig cvpf 
Duq snL t 4pf 
Pizza Hut 
V aro Inc 
AmesOep St 
Saul RIEsi 
Int Rectif 
Apeco Corp 
BenfStd M tg 
Coium Piet 
TRW 4.25pf 
R C A 3 5 to f 
FcdPapBd 
Gamb Skog 
Tropicana 

Name 
U nit M8.M 
Facet E ntrp 
Oak Ind 
O akind 1 7Spf 
A m FinSy pt 
Seatrain L in 
Asarco Inc 
Dexter Cp 
Philips Ind 
Apache Cp 
SavA Stop 
Bell In dust 
Brush Wei I 
Cordura Cp 
P N B M tg RI 
Sonesta 
CombEq p 
Massey F 
U nitind pt 
C levepak 
Simp Pat 
AAotorola 
P a tric k Peti 
L evltz F m it 
R ich M err 

11'b 
25 
26' Î 
12’ 4 
2TFb 
27+« 
27'Ï 
24' y 
28'4 
9+» 
1o+4 
3+4 
5” » 
2 
2 
12'» 
233 
46’ 7 
19' 7 
373« 
27 
DOWNS 
L ast 
V 7 
6+8 
13'J 
3o 
1o'4 
1o’ 4 
18'» 
26 
-S's 
23'? 
2+8 
4’ z 
2 2 'y 
3 + 4 
75» 
4 + 4 
17' 7 
2o+8 
1 7 'j 
13 
12 
38'4 
14'8 
4'« 
18’ » 

Chg 
* 
2 '4 
+ 3 
’ 2 
’ 
1'4 
* 15» 
' 2’ « 
* 
2+ 4 
* 
1 '4 
* 2'8 
+ V t 
+ 7'/« 
+ 2 
^ 
2 '4 

+ 14' 8 
- 
2 + 4 
+ 
1 '6 
1 
2 ' a 
+ 1 ' Ï 

Cng 

- 1+8 
- 2» y 
- S’ 4 
- 
1 + 4 
- 
1 + 4 
- 2’ * 
— 3+8 
34 
— 3+8 
_ 
3» 
— 
+» 
— 3'8 
— 
' 7 
_ t 
— 
+» 
— 21.4 
— 2+8 
— 2 ''4 
— IS* 
— 1 '3 
_ 
4 + 4 
— 1 + 4 
_ 
1 J 

— 2 '4 

Up 
Up 
Up 
Up 
Up up 
Up 
Up 
Up 
Up 
Up 
Up 
Up 
Up 
Up 
Up 
Up 
Up 
Up 
Up 
Up up 
Up 
Up 

25.o 
18 6 
18.5 
17.1 
13.C 
1TÍ 
11.4 
1o.9 
1o 1 
8 9 
8.9 
8 7 
• 5 
7.5 
7.1 
6 8 
6.7 
6 7 
66 
6.5 
6.3 
6.1 
6.C 
59 

Chg 
1 ZH 

2+8 

1+4 

Pet 
Up 
32 8 

NEW YO R K (A P ) - The follow ing list shows the A m erican Stock Exchang e stocks and w a rra nts that have g one up the most and cfown the most in the past week based on percent of chang e req ardl essof vo lum e. 
No securities trading below 52 are incl uded Net and percenlag echang esarethe ditterenco between last week’ s closing price and this vxeek's closing price 
UPS nam e 
L a st 
PicnPay S 
1o+» 
Resort Int! A 
19*4 
Brewer L Id 
135» 
Colon ComI 
5+» 
WInstn M ill 
2+8 
A iterm n Fd 
16 
House Vis 
5 
Medenco In 
12 
Alpha Ind 
2+4 
K inA rk 
2+4 
Spencer Cos 
3+4 tJSNalRes 
5’ e 
Astrex Inc 
5 
OCL Inc 
2 
Medc Jw ly 
2' « 
Pandl B radI 
4*» 
Brody Seat 
2'+ 
Dig icon Inc 
V '7 
C urtis M at 
4+4 
Novo Corp 
2+a 
Topps Gum 
7'e 
Int Proteins 
7< j 
Executvind 
6’ 4 
Caressa in 
3 
CMI Corp 

Pet 
O ff 2T 1 
Off 17 7 
O ft 15 6 
Off 14 9 
O ff 14.6 
Off 14 6 
O ft 13.7 
Off 13 C 
O ff 12.f 
O ff 12 6 
OM 12.5 
<5ff 12.; 
O ff 12.2 
O ff 11.8 
O ff 11.6 
O ff 11.6 
O ff 11.4 
O ft 114 
O ff 11.4 
O ff 11 1 
O ff 11.1 
Oft ITC 
O ff ITC 
O ff 1o 8 
O ff 1o.7 

+8 

5» 

4 ' 8 

Name 
C entury Fac 
Gabriel ind 
Pioneer Tex 
Rusco Ind 
S ea lectro 
Fed Resrcs 
Poloron Pd 
AM AX w l 
Meq o Inll 
Prud Group 
T E C Inc 
KaneM il! wt 
Nat ^ innq 
Goodrich wt 
Hycel Int 
L ynch Corp 
A m B rd w t 
UVInd w t 
Beverly E nt 
A rrow Elect 
Baldor Eiec 
Compac Cp 
Ang lo Co L td 
Benrus 
Dvn ellE lec 

3+Ï 
— 15* 

DOWNS 
L ast 
Chg 
4'? 
— V f 
14+» 
6’ b 
2'8 
2’ » 
7+b 
3' 7 
2'» 
8+8 
3’ » 

Up 
Up 
Up 
Up 
Up 
Up 
Up 
Up up 
Up 
Up up 
Up 
Up up up up 
Up 
Up 
Up up up up 
Up 

32 8 
21.1 
19 4 
18 e 
18.Î 
17 6 
17.1 
15 » 
15.« 
15 4. 
14.6 
14 3 
14 3 
13 3 
12 9 
12.5 
12 c 
11 8 
11 8 
11 8 
11.5 
I T l 
1o.7 
1o.C 

Dollar Leaders 

31» 
4’ 4 
6 
3'3 
3'? 
W '4 
41 J 

2+4 
7+» 
175« 
12 
4 
2 
5 

Pet 
O ff 29.4 
O ff 19.6 
O ff 19 1 
O ff 19 C 
O ff 17.9 
O ff 15 7 
O ft 15 5 
OH 15.C 
O ft 14 1 
Off 13 9 
O ff 13.5 
O ff 12 9 
O ft 12 8 
OH 12 7 
O ff 12 5 
OH 12.5 
OH 12 4 

— 
+8 O ff 12.o 

- 
5« 
- 1+8 
— 
•* 
_ 
3* 
- I'a 
- 
-‘hi 
- 
1 '4 
— 
' 2 
- 
5» 

7o 
»o 
9o 
45 
5o 
55 
IS 
2o 
3o 
35 
3’ 
4o 11 16 
5o 
45» 
55 
1 
6o 
<4 
.5o 
4*8 
55 11 16 
6o 
3 16 

3’ » 
'•» 
9 16 15 16 
1 16 
'8 b 
o 
1 *6 b 
6'4 b b 
2 79 16 
3' 4 
'4 11 16 11 16 
+4 
1 13 16 
,1 
1 16 
'» b b 
4+8 
5’ 4 
1>4211 16 
5 
S '2 
2'8 
25* 
11 16 
I '* 
S' 4 
5’ -» 
1’ » 21T16 
7 16 IS 16 

8>< 

55’» 
55’ « 
SS’-R 
55’* 
51'« 
S I'b 
51'» 
I5+* 
15+* 
37+4 
37+4 
37 + 4 
54’ » 
54'» 
54’ » 
54 '2 
54'* 
54’ 2 

T reasurv Bonds 
K .L - 
NEW YORK (A P ) - Over the Counter 
U S Government Treasury bonds, weekly 
I’ ig h low and closing asked prices, the net chang e fr m the prev io us w eek's closing asked price and yield 
Rate M a turity Hig h lo w 
L astC hg Yield 
6 'vJun 77n 1()o 4 Too 3 1oo 3 - .1 
5 17 
7’ . Jul 77n 1oo 131oo 121oo 12— .1 
5 o9 
7» 4Aug 77n ICO 171oo 161oo 16 
2 
8' i4Au9 ’ 7n 1oo 241oo 221oo 2 2 -,2 

M e ta ls 

N EW YO RK lA P ) - P ittsburg h « r a p steel No 1 heavy was q uoted F riday by 
Iron Ag e at $68 oo 69 oo 

Ye a ts ’s H ig h s 

And Lows 

8‘» $ ep 77n 1o1 
1oo 3o1oo 3 1 - 
7’ îO ft 77ntOC 281oo 261oo 28 + 
7+i,Nov 77n 1o1 11o1 
1o1 1 4 
64*Nov 77n 1oo 181oo 151oo 18 4 
7 '4 o ec T/n 
1oo 311oo 291oo 31 F 
6+*J» n 78n 
1oo 171Ôo 131oo 17 + 
6'4F eb78n 1oo 141oo 1o1oo 14 + 
8 
Feb 78n 
1o 1 221o1.2o 1 o 1 
22 + 
6+*M ar 78n 
1oo 281oo 241oo 28 + 
6’* A p r 78n 1oo 221oo 191oo,22 + 
7’ *M a y7 8n 1o1 9 1o15 1o1.9 + .3 
7 ''B M a y7 8nim ,3 llo 1 281o1 31+ .2 
7’*M a y7 8n 1o1 1o1o17 lOT 1o + .4 
A’ » J un7 tn 1o1.2 1oo 311o1 2 + 
.4 
6 ’ bJuI 78” 
1o1 4 1o1 
1o1 4 4 
,5 
7s» Aug 7» n 1o1 311o1 291o1 31 4 3 
8'4 A uq 78n 1o3 171o3 141o3,17 4 .3 
6+» Aug 78n 1oo 261oo.231oo 26 * 3 

$ 19 
5.32 
5.J2 
5 Î1 
5 4C 
5,46 
5 S3 
5 55 
5 61 
5 67 
5 66 
5.71 
5 73 
5 73 
5 75 
5 15 
5. I f 
5.91 
5 6« 
5.94 
5 95 
6 
5 96 
6 
5 95 
4 
6 o7 
9 
6 o3 
I 
5 96 n 6.o3 
9 
6 o8 
II * 12 
11 6,o9 
11 6 14 
14 6 16 
1o 6 15 
6 15 
11 6 15 
11 6 77 
13 6 19 
.14 6 28 
12 6 27 
.13 6 3o 
13 6 37 
9 
6 16 
.15 6 36 
15 6 34 
+ 4 6 33 
13 6 45 
.1o 6 42 
,17 6 47 
.6 
6.19 
.16 6 55 
.15 6 67 
.17 6 63 
9 
6 64 
.16 6 6« 
6 71 

Alum m um. lb. N Y 
Antim ony, Am erican 
T 

Ì 
Í H 
1+* 

3, M 
7o 
’ s 
I ’ s 
2+8 
66+* 
3 M 
.. 
»> 
1 16 
'* b 
66» * 
Gl Wst 
7o 
1 + 8 
2 '* 
29 16 
2o'» 
Gl Wst 
25 
’ ■ 
7 16 11 16 
2o’ * 
Gif Wn 
1o a a 
4 
13' / 
Gif Wn 
15 
9 16 
'8 
13'» 
Gil Wn 
2o 
1 16 
1 16 b 
13'/ 
■■fiUbln 
5o 
11'. 
12’ 8 a 
AI 
Hal bln 
6o 
2’ 8 
4’ » 
5' / 
61 
Halbtn 
7o 
>4 
’ » 
1'» 
61 
Horns tk 
3o 
8' / b b 
■38’ « 
Homstk 
35 
41. 
5 ta 
38'* 
Horn stk 
4o 
1+8 
2+8 
3' J 
38'» 
■fomsik 
45 t* 
1 19 16 
38'» 
Hou OM 
3o 
21'« b b 
5o’ . 
HOU OM 
35 
15’ » b b 
5o’ . 
Hou ÒM 
4o 
11'* 
13’ 4 
13'. 
5o’ . 
Hou OM 
Hou OM 
45 
7'* 
8’ b 
1o' 4 
5o'. 
5o 
31* 
6 'h 
7 '. 
SO*. 
Hou OM 
6o 11 16 
? '» 
4 
5o'. 
1 N A 
4o 
S'» 
5' 7 a 
45’ » 
1 N A 
4S 
1+B 
2+-» 
2+* 
45'« i N A 
5o 
1 16 b b 
45'» 
1 B M? 
.24o 
1o 
14'* 
18 245’ . 
1 B M 
26o113 6 
5+* 
8*. 245’ . 
1 B M 
28o 
1+* 
3>* 245'. 
In Har 
3o 
7 
6’ « a 
36’ . 
1” H iir 
35 23 16 
2'» 
3 '. 
36+. 
In Har 
4o 
I 4 
■'* 13 16 
36+. 
1” M in 
•to 
7 H a 
3+* 
42+» 
In Min 
45 
+ B 
+* 
1'n 
42'» 
In Pup 
5o215 16 a 
4',* 
51'* 
In Pep 
6o a 
'8 l-’ s 
51'. i T T 
. 3o 
4' 8 
4S* 
5 
33'a 
1 T T 
35 
' 7 
I ’ a 
1’* 
33’'» 
John J 
6o 
6 
6'» a 
64'» 
John J 
. 7o 
7 16 
1’ * 
3 
64'., 
K m art 
, 
25 b 29 16 
3'-* 
'76+* 
K m art 
3o 
1 4 
4* 
1 + H 
76+« 
’ K m a rt 
35 
1 16 
3 16 
9 16 
26’ « 
K m a rt 
4o 
1 16 a b 
26*» 
Kenn C 
25 
2'» 
3 
3 '* 
26'8 
Ken.n C 
3o 
+ 8 
1 
1' •/ 
26’ » 
K m n C 
. 
35 a 
' » b 
26'» 
K err M 
. 6o 
3' 8 
4+. a 
61'« 
K err M 
7o 
5 16 
I '8 
7 
61’ » 
Kerr M 
. 
8o 
1 16 
1 4 b 
61'* 
L oews 
. 
3o 
2*8 
3 
3+* 
3)’ '» 
Loew*, 
35 
14 
’■» 
1'» 
3)'» 
( oews 
4o a 
14 b 
31'? 
Mc Don 
4o 
2'» 
3’ 
4' » 
4o'? 
Me Don 
45 
+ 8 
1<* 
2 
4o' 7 
Ml Don 
5o 
'o 
5 16 b 
4 o ') 
Merck 
5o 
2 '. 
3 '* 
4>. 
5o+;. 
Merc k 
6o 
' » 
9 16 a 
5C+. 
Merck 
7o 
1 16 
' » b 
5o’ . 
M erril 
15 
2 
2+» 
2’ » 
16'. 
M rvril 
7o 
' 8 
’ 7 13 16 
16** 
M erril 
25 a 
' 8 b 
16’ * 
M M M 
5o 
)'« 
2 '» 213 16 47'-» 
M M M 
6o 
1 16 t . a 
47' » 
Monsan 
7o 
3 '/ 
5 
6 
72'* 
Mon san 
8o 
5 16 
1'* 
2 '. 
72’ . 
Monsan 
W 
1 16 a b 
72'* 
N C R 
3o 
41 , a a 
34'J 
N C R 
35 
1 23 16 
2 k* 
34'* 
N C R 
4o 
3 16 s* 
1 
34'. 
Nw A ir 
2o 
6 >4 a b 
26’ * 
Nw A ir 
25 
2’ . 
3'» 
3'» 
26’ « 
, Nw A ir 
3o 
>* 15 16 IS 16 
'76’ » 
1 Penn/ 
. 
25 
o'» b b 
3 3 '. 
OH 11.1 
O ff 11 1 
OH 11.1 

NEW YOEK 
NEW Y O R K (A P ) —The follow ing is a list of he most a ctive stocks based on the dollar volum e 
The total is based on the m edian price of the stock traded m ultiplied by the shares traded. 
Name 
Tot(SlOOO) Sales(hds)L ast 
IBM 
...............................$12o,o394855 245’* 
E ast Kodak 
$49,772x8563 56 
Gen M otors 
, 
S44,188 
6583 
66’ b 
.A m T T 
$38,3o7x6oo9 63 
Boeing 
$32,475 
63o6 5o'2 
FordAfot 
$29,o7o 
5334 5 4 's 
Exxon 
$27,54 7 
5336 51'» 
XeroK Cp 
$27.o57x5896 45'4 
Ini Paper 
$25,898 
4933 SI'-x 
S thlum brq 
$24,462 
38o3 6 1 '; 

 h:\ 

O p t i o n « 

AMERICAN 
NEW YO R K (A P ) —The tollow ing is a list of the most active stocks based on the doilzir volum e. 
The total is based on the m edian price ot the stock traded m ultiplied by the shares traded 
Name 
Tot(SlOOO) Sales(hds)L ast 
HouOilM 
...................... $22,638 
4 4 » SO’ a 
R esortlnfl A ...................... $7,344 432o 
19',4 
Kewanee In 
............ 
$5,855x1473 
41 
Carnation 
S3,3S6 x467 
71 
Husky O il 
$2.669 
1o22 25 
Austral Oil 
$2,34o 
859 27’ 4 
CK Petrol 
, 
S2.2o9 
554 
38’ « 
GIB,’S Pet 
52,2oo 
2628 
8+* 
Asam cra O 
$1,954 
1646 
11+« 
Synlpx Coro 
ST844 
997 17’'» 

 n 
C a pitol 
11 
o1 
1o 8o 
1 o .8o - .31 
Union Inc Fd 
12 9o 
12.83 
12.83— .14 
United Funds; 
A ccum ultiv 
6 21 
6.12 
6 12— .15 
Bond 
7 41 
7.37 
7.4o + .o4 
Cont G row th 
882 
8 66 
8 66— 
.25 
Cont Incom e 
9.41 
9 37 
9.37— .o7 
Income 
1o o5 
9 96 
9 96 - 
.16 
Science 
5 36 
5 25 
5,25— .7o 
Vang uard 
5 o9 
4 99 
4.99- 
,16 
UnltSvcsFdn 
1 46 
1 39 
1.46 + 
.o2 
Value L ine F d: 
Value L ine 
7,o5 
6 82 
6 82 - 
.36 
Income 
5 24 
5 17 
5 17 
.11 
L evrg pd G rth 
^ e c l Sit 
9 63 
9 32 
9 3 2 - 
.47 
4.31 
4.16 
4 16- 
.22 
Vance Sanders; 
Income 
13 64 
13.62 
13 63 • 
.o1 
Invest 
7 7o 
7.12 
7 1 7 - 
.13 
Common 
6 » 
6 1o 
6 13- 
.13 
Special 
7 99 
7 88 
7 « 8- 
.21 i/andrbttG thn 
3.76 
3 68 
3 68 - 
.12 
V andrbltlncm n 
3 9o 
3 85 
3 85 - 
.o8 
Vang uard G roup; 
18 52 
E xplorerFnd n 
18 78 
18 5 2 - 39 
Fst Index n 
13 54 
13 31 
13 3 1 - 
.4o 
IvestFund n 
7 S3 
7 43 
7 43- 
,22 
M org anFnd n 
11 19 
11.o5 
11 o 5 - 
.32 
TrusieesEq n 
8 87 
8 71 
8 71 — 
.26 
Wet lest eyn 
12 21 
12.19 
12 19— 
.o6 
Wet ling ton n 
9.72 
9 51 
9 S I - 
.3o 
W estmlnBdn 
9.7o 
9.64 
96 5 - 
.o1 
Windsor Fnd n 
1o 21 
1o.o6 
1o o6— .25 
Varied Indust 
3.39 
3 32 
3 3 2 - 
.11 
Wall St G row th 
6.24 
6.17 
6 i r ­ 
.11 
W eing rtnEq n 
11 43 
11.11 l i 1 1 - 
.44 
W estfield G rw th 
6 77 
6.65 
6 6 5 - .7o 
Wisconsin Incm 
5.22 
5,18 
518— 
.o7 

F rida y, 
May 
17 
Option & price 
Jun 
Sep 
Coastal 
15 b 
3 
Coastal 
2o b 
+•* 
Jul 
Oct 
Aetna 
3o 
3+* 
4' 7 
Aetna 
35 
+» 17 16 
Am Cya 
25 
1' B 
1+4 
Am Cya 
3o a a 
Am Exp 
, .35 
2 '* a 
Am Exp 
4o 
' 8 13 16 
Am Horn 
25 a 
1+4 
Am Horn 
3o 
3 16 
5 16 
Asarco 
. IS 
3'? 
3+* 
A sarco 
.2o 
9 16 15 16 
Asarco 
55 
' 8 
+ 8 
B eat F 
. 
25 
5 16 
9 16 
Burrq h 
5o 
6 '* 
8'» 
Burrq h 
6o 
1 
2’ * 
Burrq h 
.7o 
' 8 
'? 
Chase 
.25 
6'» b 
O a se 
3o 
1'? 113 16 
Chase 
.... 35 
'* 
C Tel 
. 
.15 
1' »111 16 
C Tel 
2o a 
1 16 
Deere 
3o 
2 
2 '* 
Deere 
35 
1 i 
' » 

Dec Close 
3+8 
17 

5.89 
5 25 
4 41 
9,o2 
3oo 
4.94 
18,17 
9 46 
6.1o 
5 18 
18.71 
5 77 
1o 25 
17 17 

8.89 
19 38 
5.47 
18 93 

7 o7 
1o 75 
TOO 
1o 62 
1o o9 
7.14 
983 

3 93 
17 92 
19 64 
8,51 
7 67 
5 o8 
17 oo 
9 24 
7 4« 
3 63 
3 23 

14 14 
8 5« 
1o «4 
14 58 
7 o5 

699 
12 o4 

1o.o6 
12 72 

7 98 n 32 
3 55 

1o 24 
9 28 
'ill 

Free(JomFd 
Indepeod Fd 
MflSfc Fd 
Mass Finencl ; 
M IT 
M iG 
M ID 
MF D 
MCD 

8 18 
7 13 
1o 64 

1o 37 
8.2o 
14 71 
12 o1 
13 39 

III 

+o 17 
8 o2 
14.62 
II 78 
13 14 

5 89- .11 
5.25— .12 
4.41— .16 
9.o2— .11 
3 oo— .o8 
4 94. . . 
18 17— .49 
9 4*— .12 
6 . 1o- 
.2o 
5 .1 8- .14 
18 71— .84 
5.77— .18 
1o.25— .41 
17.17- .45 

8.89- ,o7 
19.43+ .o9 
5 47— .21 
18 93— .61 

7 o7— .19 
1o,77+ .o3 
TOO...... 

¡ Í U z : l ¡ 
7 1 4 - .24 
9. M - .14 

3 93 - ,12 
17 99+ .o8 
1 9« + ,o$ 
8 52+ .o2 
7 67— ,o8 
5 o6— ,14 
17.oo - - .55 
9 24 - ,25 
7 .4 6 - .29 
3 6 3 - .14 
3 2 3 - .1o 

14 7 1 - 31 
8 56 - 2o 
1o.69+ .o4 
14.58— .54 
7.o 5 - .2o 

« 99— .o7 
12 o4 
35 

1o o6 
.42 
12 72— .33 

7 98 
.25 
11 32 - .o5 
3 5 5 - .o4 

1o 2 4 - ,23 
9 3o+ .o3 
1o 12+ .o1 
9,83+ .o3 

8 o 5 - .18 
7 o 1 - ,2o 
1o 55 - .16 

1o 17— .3’> 
8 o 2 - . » 
14,62- .14 
11.78- .36 
13 1 4 - .41 

1—No load fund 
Market Futures 

CHICAGO (A P ) — Futures tra ding on the Chicag o M ercantile Exchang e F r i­ day; 
Ope« 
H ig h L owClese 
P rv 
L IV E B E E F C A TTL E (46,ooo lbs) 
■ 
4) 87 
42 25 
42 6o 
42 82 
43 25 
43 25 
4T 82 
4 ) 95 
42 2o 
42 8o 
43 .oo 
42 9o 
42 8o 
42,8o b42,8S 
43 o7 
43.15 
43.2o 
43 45 
43 6o 43.55 
44 47 
44 5o 
44 45 b44,6S 1144.5o 
June 4668, Aug 5122; Oct 1448, 
Dec 612, Jan 5, Feb 136, A pril 71, June 
2, Aug o. 
Open interest . June 11343; Aug 22969; 
Oct 1o421; Dec 5497; Jan 
X , Feto 3o87; 
A pril 1384. June 5 « ; Aug 2 
F E E D E R C A TTL E (42,ooo It» ) 
43 oo 
43 2o 42 65 
43 15 
42 95 
42 5o 
42 85 
42 5o b42 M b42 7o 
43 oo 
’ 
” ‘ 
43 4o 
45.oo 
« 3 o 
45 1o 

11 
Jan 
4+* 
2 
I 's 
+ 8 
3’ » 
1+* 
2+8 
9 16 to 
1» * 
S» 

91.'4 
4 
I'B b 
2» » 
7 16 

3’ ; 

Dig Eq 
Dic) Eq 
D ig Fq 
D iq Eq 
Disney 
D isney 
Disney 
(lu P it du Pnt clu Pnt 
Fst Ch fb f Ch 
G Tel 
G Tel 
G Tel 
G illet 
G illet 
Ooodyr 
Goodyr 
Greyhd 
G ull O 
G ulf O 
Hercul 
Horcul 
H F C 
H F C 
L illy 
L illy 
M o rril 
M err 11 
M ernl 
Mesa P 
Mesa P 
Mesa P 
M otrla 
M o trla 

35 
4o 
4 5 
5o 

4 ’ » 
7 
2’ 4 
3+* 
9 16 19 16 29 16 
1 16 11 16 b 
11* 
2+» 

17 

33’ » 
33’ '» 
25'-; 
25'* 
36'4 
36'4 
25+8 
25+e 
18'» 
1 8'* 
18'» 
23'a 
56 
56 
56 
31 + 8 
31+ B 
31+« 
16' y 
16'Í 
31 + 8 
31’ * 
4o' 4 
4o',4 
4o'4 
4o »,4 
33 
38'» 
3 16 b b 
33 
4o 
' 1. 
9 16 
13 16 
33 
12o 
3 '* 
5+x 
7S* 119 
13o 
' » 
2 
3'» 
119 
14o a s* b 119 
15 13 16 
1**115 16 
15** 
» 
’ 8 a 
15+» 
25 
5' 7 b b 
3o+* 
3o 13 16 11 16 17 16 
3o+8 
35 a 
1 16 
3 16 
3o+8 
25 a a 
4’;» 
29 
3o 
' / 11 16 
1'? 
29 
2o 
7 16 13 16 
1'/» 
19+11 
25 
1 16 
' 8 a 
19+» 
15 
1 16 
5 16 
% 
13*% 
25 
2'-. 
2'? 
2’'» 
26’'« 
3o 
1 16 
5 16 
7 16 
26’/» 
2o 
1 2 
I'a 
19 16 
19'» 
'75 a a 
19'q i 
IS 
4+,. b b 
19’ « 
2o 
’;* 
'/? 
’/» 
19s* 
35 a 
2'» 
3” ? 
36'» 
4o 
. 
15 
7o 
25 
3o 
35 
4o 
4o 
45 

5 16 a 19 16 

3 16 
1 16 
4 ’ * 
I'J 
3 16 
1 
5 16 

2 27 16213 16 
13 16 to 
5’ » 
2' ? 
3>'4 
T * 
3 
11 16 

36'* 
16+4 
16+4 
16+4 
34+8 
341» 
34+8 
38'4 
38'/4 

MO 1C 
7o 
' 8 
'* 
7 16 
14'* 
N D isi 
25 
5 16 
7 16 
23*4 
N Semi 
IS a a 
5'» 
183* 
N Semi 
» 
I'll 
1 'b 25 16 
18*4 
N Semi 
25, 
3 16 
9 16 b 
183* 
N or' S 
2o 
’ 7 
’ » 11 16 
18+4 
Penney 
35 13 16 
1’'*? 11 14 
33’ » 
Penney 
4o 
3 16 
9 16 '15 16 
33’ « 
Penney 
45 
1 16 a b 
3 3 '. 
Phil P 
, 
5o 
7' 8 
8'. b 
56's 
Phil P 
, 
55 
3 
4 
5'a 
56'» 
Phil P 
. 6 o IS 16 
1'» 
2+» 
56'» 
Res OG 
, 15 
4+8 
4’ » 
5» * 
IB’ » 
Re-, OG 
2o 
1'* 
I'B 
2+8 
18' b 
Res OG 
25 
3 16 
+8 
'8 
18” » 
Searle 
1o113 16 
2 '* 
2' / 
11'» 
Sear Id 
15 
1 16 
’■* 
3« 
11’ » 
Simp P 
. 1o 
2' / 
2+. 
3’ a 
12 
S im p P 
15 
5 16 
9 16 
+;* 
12 
Slerig 
. 1 o 
3+8 a a 
13+1. 
Steriq 
IS 
3 16 
7 16 s* 
13** 
S terig 
2o 
1 16 a b 
13*8 
Tennco 
3o 
2S* 
2’ » 
3'4I 
32'» 
Tennco 
35 
3» 
’ * 
1 
32’ » 
Tig er 
. 1o 
’ » IS 16 17 16 
1o+8 
Tig er 
15 
' 1» 
3 16 
5 14 
1o+8 
2enith 
» 
4 
4’ ? 
43/, 
23"» 
Zenith 
25 IV 14 
1'8 
1 't 
23’ » 
Zenith 
.3o 
'» a b 
23'e 

Penn? 
Pennz 
Pepsi 
Pepsi 
Polar 
Polar 
P o la r 
R C A 
R C A 
R C A 
Sears 
Sears 
Sears 
Sperry 
Sperry 
Syntax 
Syntex 
Syntex 
Tandy 
T andy 
Tandy r andy leldyn 
Teldyn 
Teldyn 
Teldyn 
Teldyn 
Teldyn 
T eldyn 
Tesoro 
T esoro 
Tesoro 
Tex In 
Tex In 
Tex in 
Upjohn 
Upiohn 
U pjohn 
Weyerh 
Weyerh 
Weyerh 
Xerox 
Xerox 

42 75 lO 37 
44 8o 
45 3o 
44 9o 

42.65 
43.oo 
42 8o 
43 1$ b43 4o 
43 37 
44.3o 44.6o 44,4o 
44 65 
45.1o b44.7S 
44 9o 
45.1o 
44.85 

Aug 
Sep 
Oct 
Nov 
Mar 
Apr 
May 
- 
- 
Sales; Aug 132; Sep 2o; Oct 76; Nov 36- 
M arch 6, A pril 2; M a y 2 . 
Open interest 
Aug 1225, Sep 4o7; Oct 
2296, Nov 99o; M arch 115, A pril 29; May 
2. 
L IV E HOGS (3o,ooo Ib i) 
Jun 
451o 
45 27 44 75 
44 8o 45,17 
Jul 
46 1o 
46 4o 45.77 
46 o2 46.35 
Aug 
G 
5o 43 82 G 2o 43 
75 43 SO 
Oc” 
38 
oo 38 4o 37.92 38 25 38 15 
Dix 
IB 
ä 38 7o 38 3o 38 
7o 38 55 
F d; 
37 95 38 45 37 95 b 38 
45 38 25 
Apr 
36 9o 
36 9o 36 5o 
36.6o 37 oo n 38.95 
38 95 
Sales. June 1314; July 2o84; Aug 851; 
Oct 2o5, Dar 4o, Fab 15; A pril 3. June o. 
Open interest; June 33o5; July 4931; 
Aug 3o56. Oct 1655, Dec 669; Feb 227, 
April 117, June IS, 
PO TATO E S! r uiie t burbank*) (*o,o9o lbs) 
Nov 
■ -■ n7,45 a7,45 
M tir nS.OO n8 oo 
Apr n8.35 r'8.35 
May 
- - - a8.74 a8 75 
Sales 
Nov o M ar o, A pril o; M ay o 
, 
Open inleresl . Nov 
44; M arch 13; A pril 
13, M ay 39 
SH EL L EGCS(22,SOO del) 
Jun 
44 55 
45 2o 
44 2o 
45 7o 
- - 
49 2o 
57 oo 
Jul 
49 
OS 
49 2o 
G 7o 49 Ô5 
Sep 
56 
6o 
5 7 oo 
55.9o S6.4o 
N ^ d$8 4o 
Dec 
59 
5o 
59 75 
59.oo 59.1o 
Sales. June 12o; Jul 49; Sep 284; 
o, Oetc 5, 
I Open interest ; M ay 3; Jur» 324; Jut 
133, Sep 65o. Nov 2o; Oac 12J 
PORK B E L L IE S (36,o6o ilH ) 

45 oo 
49 3o 
56 7o 
5« SO 
58 8o 
Nov 

Jul 
Aug 
Feb 
Mar 
May 

58 oo 
56 45 
53 6o 
S3 oo 

58 1o 
56 5o 
54 1o 
53.7o 

57 25 
57 5o 
55 4o 
55 7o 
53 2o 53.45 
, 
. 
*l*all.foSS;!g 

58.3o 
56 7o 
54 oo 

M otrla 
SO a 
';* 
38'* 
M otrla 
6o a 
1 16 b 
38'* 
P ti/er 
25 13 16 
1’ * 
2’ » 
25'» 
P fi/o r 
3o 
1 16 
3 16 
1» 
25'» 
FYielps 
3o a 
1'» a 
3o’ * 
Phelps 
35 a a s* 
3o'* 
P»i Mor 
SO 
3’ » 
5 a 
53'* 
Ph M or 
6o a a 11 16 
5 3 '* 
Pitney 
15 
4 
4' » 
4+* 
18'» 
P itney 
2o 
7 16 15 16 a 
18’'» 
Proc o 
7o 
5 
5'» a 
74” » 
Proc G 
M 
H 11 16 
2'» 
74'? 
P roc G 
.. 9o 
1 16 a b 
74'? 
Proc G 
1oo 
1 16 b b 
74'/? 
Rite A 
15 
1 ^ a 1116 
14 
Rite A 
. 
2o 
1 16 
’.'» a 
14 
SI Cal 
35 
6*8 b b 
41 + » 
St Cal 
.4o113 16 
7'*213 16 
41ÎB 
Sf Cal 
. 
45 a 
7 16 
X* 
41’ » 
T R W 
35 
3 a 
4 
37’ ? 
T R W 
4o 
'» 
1'* 
1’'» 
37'? 
Tandy 
25 
3'» 
4'.» 
41* 
27k» 
Tandy 
3o 
S» 
1»» 
2’ * 
27’ e tandv 
35 
116 
' » 
?/, 
27 S* 
Tandy 
. 
45 a 
1 16 b 
27’ * 
Texaco 
25111 16 
7 
2+b 
76’ '* 
Texaco 
3o 
1 16 
V* 
5 16 
26'* 
U Carb .. 
SO 
1’;, 
2'» 
3 H 
5o+8 
U Carb 
6o 
'» 
'? 11 16 
So+» 
U S Sf 
,4o b 
3 
4 
42 
U S St 
. 45 
7 16 
1 
11* 
42 
U S SI 
5o 
'/• a 
4« 
42 
Wrn L m 
25 
1*» 
1'« 27 16 
26+8 
Wrn L m 
3o 
1 16 
'■'* 
’/? 
26+(^ 
Westnq 
.15 
4"* 
5'» a 
19+,* 
Wesing 
2o 13 16 
1 'j 
1’/» 
19+;* 
Westng 
.25 
1 16 
5 16 
S% 
19+* 
A 
MOV 
Feb 
A M F 
2o k* l*s * 
A M F 
25 a 
1 16 b 
18S* 
A S A . 
15 
4V+ 
4S» 
4S» 
I f ’ » 
A S A 
2o 11 16 
11» 
2';* 
19'» 
A S A 
25 
'8 
'7 
13 16 
19'» 
Avnet 
15 
7’» 
3'/* a 
17S» 
Avnet 
2o 
5 16 
' •/ 13 16 
)/k« 
B fliiy 
» 
2’ b 
31» 
3’ » 
21 
Bally 
25 k» 
1' / 
2 
21 
Batly 
3o a b 
21 
Caterp 
5o 
6’ » a b 
56+4 
Caterp 
55 
3 
3''8 a 
56 V4 
C a terp 
Con €<S 
6o 1116 
1+4 27 14 
563% 
2o 
21» 
2’ »211 16 
22’4 
Con Ed 
25 a a 
’ » 
22'» 
Or Pep 
. . .1o a 
2 
2',* 
111» 
D r Pep 
IS 
1 16 
3 16 
5 16 
11+8 
El Pas 
15211 16 
2+4 
3 
17S» 
E l Pas 
» t? 
3+ 
17*8 
Fleetw 
1o 11 16 15 16 
IV* 
1o’ ? 
Fleeiw 
15 
*» 
7 16 
1o'? 
F teetw 
2o 
1 16 a b 
1o’ ? 
Grace 
3o 
"« IS 16 l+, 4 
29'* 
Grace 
35 a 
3 16 a 
291/* 
L a Pac 
15 1116 
1' » 17 16 
14+» 
L a Pac 
7o a 
3 16 a 
U H 
MGIC 
IS 
»8 
V » r » 
14’,*' 

Total volum e 24,949opan inferesf 944,131 a No! traded b No option offered. 
Chicago Grain 

CHICAGO (A P ) - Old crop soybean, meal and oil futures prices declined sharply on (he Chicag o Board of Trade 
Friday 
The three old crop soybeans deliveries were down 23 cents at the final bell w hile soy oil declined the allow able da ily lim it of 1oo points, or 
I cent a pound. The nearby m eal futures lost S5 a ton. 
The o vera ll weakness ot the com plex tended to Influence selling of g rains. How ever, Ihere also was a weather factor in volved. C om , w heal and oats futures were down ’ * to 
T '7 cents. Iced broilers were sold on the weakness in g rains and meal as w ell as expectations of confín uinq hig h production and lost SO points, or 
' Í cent a pound 
The seliing in the com plex was in 
(luenced by several factors. There was some disappointm ent that export com m itm ents for the last reporting week, ended M ay 15, were not hig her. Meal prices were soft abroad. Also, heavy s ell­ ing set off by a com mission house repon idly acting for foreig n Interests, sent prices down 27 cents at one tim e. 
There were several attem pts to ra lly the soybean com plex, but only new crop 
” ienths attracted buyers in any num bers. 
Spreading a c tiv ity In selling old crop and iHiving i» w crop months, was very active in the com plex. 
The w eather was a sm all seiling factor 
I” the com plex but it aHected corn, wheat and oats trade to a g reater deg ree. Rain tel I over a wide area of the M iddle West ug ain and m ore was expected over the weekend 
At the close, old crop soybeans were 23 cents a bushef lower and new crop 3 hig her w ith July at 9 4o, oats ware 1',» to 
2 
' low er. July 1 5 3 'j, wheat was V y to 2 lower, July 2 ss'y and corn was '* to 
'7 lower. July 2.44+4. 

Open 
H ig h L o w C ia s tP rtv 
W H E AT (5,o6o bu) 
Jul 
2 47’ '7 2 .4 /'j 2 
2 45'» 2 47’ * 
Sep 
2 54'j 2 54',* 2 52'* 
2 52’ * 2 54'* 
Doc 
2 63 
2 63 
2 61’* 
2 62 
2 «3+4 
Mar 
2 7 1 '» 2 71» J 2 69’ J 
2 7o 
2 71'» 
May 
2 75’ » 2 75'r* 2 H'/i* 2 73' j 2 75' i 
CORN (5,ooo bu) 
Jul 
2 44’ * 2 45 
2 44 
Sep 
2 ,4 /'J 2.47'J 2.46 
Dec 
2 
» 2 49 
2 47 

3’ » a 
4' » 
7 16 13 16 
1+4 
2 
3+4 a 
I ' s i n 16 
3o 
1+* 27 16 
3'-. 
3o'» 
. 
.35 
5 16 
1 19 16 
3o'» 
4o 
1 16 
5 16 b 
3 o 'B 
» 
1o b b 
3o 
. ,25 
5 
5’ ? 
5'e 
3o 
3o 11 16113 16 
2 + 8 
3o 
5o 
6'» 
7'» 
7+4 
55'* 
6o 
9 16111 16211-16 
55'* 
7o a 
'* b 
55'* 
35 
1 
2 '« 213 16 
35'* 
4o 
3 16 
V* 
I'B 
35’ * 
. 15 
3 
3'v 
4 
17 + 4 
.2o 
7 16 15 16 
1+'» 
17+4 
25 
I 16 
5 16 b 
17+4 
,75 
3 
4*8 a 
77s« 
3o 
’ » 
1*4 23 16 
77'» 
35 
'» 
7 16 
’ s 
27+* 
4o 
1 16 a 
5 16 
27’ « 
5o 
13 a 
14 
62’* 
53+8 
9'« 
12 ta 
62’ « 
55 
9 
11” ? 
11' / 
62+* 
5o'* 
6 
8'* b 
62’ » 
6o 
4' ? 
7 
9 
62+* 
6o 11 16 
3*8 b 
62’ * 
7o 
3* 
2'? 
3V. 
62*8 
1o 
3' 8 
3 
3 '* 
13'* 
15 
3 16 
7 16 
H 
13'* 
2o a 
1 16 b 
13'* 
8o 
5 
7V. 
9 ' î 
84 
9o 
+4 
3 
4' ? 
84 
1oo 
' 8 
’ 8 b 
84 
3o 
2 
23. 
3 + 8 
31+4 
35 
3 16 
3.« 
1'* 
31+* 
4o 
1 16 
3 16 b 
31H 
35 b 
1+'. 
2+8 
34Í2 
4o 
'8 
7 16 
’ » 
34'* 
45 
1 16 
1» a 
34'* 

6'*S ep 78nlOo 121oo 8 1oo 12 
5’ » oct 78n 
99 28 
99 23 99 28 + 
6 
N ov 78n 1oo 2 
99 3o1oo 2 * 
5+*Nov 78n 99 2o 99 16 
99 2o + 
5 'jD ec 78n 
98 27 98 19 
98 27 + 
8'*o e c 78n 1o3 7 1o3 1 1o3 7 + 
5’ sJan 79n 99 24 99.14 99 24 + 
7 
Feb 79n 1o1 151o1 8 1o1 15 + 
5’ « Feb79n 99.19 99 1o 99 19 + 
6 
M ar7 9n 
99 27 99.18 
99 27 + 
5’ « Apr 79n 
99 17 99 8 
99 17 + 
6'» M ay79n 99,3o 99 18 99.3o + 
/ ’ » M ay 79n 1o3.4 1o2 291o3 4 * 
Mk Jun 79” 1o3 2 1o2 27o3 2 i .7 
6 '.iA uq 79n 1oo 6 
99.781oo 6 * 
* ’ bA uq 79n 1o1 1o1oo 311o1 1o » 
8' .-Sep 
79” 
1o4 3o1o4 7o1o4 3o * 
6 'j N ov 79n 99 3o 99 18 99 3o + 
6’ « Nov 79” 1oo 261oo 171oo 26 + 
7 
Nov 79n 1o1 191o1.81o1 19 * 
/ ’ .Dec 79n 1o2 251o2 131o7 25 ♦ 
4 
F eb 8o 
94 73 94 14 94 23 + 
6' . Feb HO” 1oo 11 99 3o1oo 11 + 
/ ' /M a r 8o” 1o2 29 1o2 171o? 29 + 
6’ » M « v8o” 1o1 151o1 3 1o1 15 * 
7+» Jun 8o” 1o3 8 1o2 791o3 8 + 
9 
Auq 8o” 1o7 121o7 71o7 12 * 
« ’» Sep BOnlOl 6 1oo.231o1 6 ‘ 
3' ? Nov 8o 
91.24 
91 
18 
91 24 / 
S’*D ec 8o ” 
9 7 28 
97 
15 
9 7 28 ♦ 
7 
Feb Bin 1o1 ? 1oo 261o1 7 + 
7+» Feb81n 1Ô2 131o1.3o1o2.13 + 
6’ *M a r81 nlO O 251oo 7 1oo 25 + 
7 + *M a y8lnlo 2 121o1 3o1o2 12 + 
6 ’ *Jun 81n 1oo 4 1oo.4 1oo 4 
7 
A ug S I 
1o1 181o1.121o1.18+.6 
6.57 
7 -« Aug ein 1o3 71o2 251o3 7 + .16 6 7) 
7 
Nov 81n 1oo 281oo.131oo 28 +.17 6 77 
7 + *N o v 81n 1o3 211o3 71o3 21 + 
17 6 78 
6 '« F eb 82 n 
97 18 
97,5 
97,18 + 
,14 6 74 
6 ’ « Feb 82 
98 2o 
98 
16 
98 2o * 
.6 6 77 
' 
M ay 87n 1oo.211oo 6 1oo 21 + 
.18 6 84 
8 
M ay82n 1o4 261o4 131o4.26 • 
16 6 84 
H '« Aug 82n 1o5 111o4 3o1o5.11 + 16 6 89 
7’ rNOv 82n 1o4 1o1o3 261o4 1o * .18 6 97 
8 f eb83n 1o4 781o4 1o1o4 28 1 
21 6 95 
3 '*J un 78 83 84 1o 84 
84 4 ♦ 
18 6 47 
7 
Nov 83n too 1199 251oo 8 * 
.21 6 95 
7'aF et)84” 1oo 231oo 8 1oo 23 ‘ 
2o 7 1 1 ft‘» Auq 84 
97 74 ‘ 7 14 97 2o + 
24 6 8o 
3 '/M ay 85 
79 22 79 1o 79 72 t .16 6 57 t'jM a v 75 85 
84 14 84 6 84 14 . 
18 6 82 
7 '» M av86” 1o3 221o3 6 1o3 21 ‘ 
23 7 37 a 
Auq 86” 1o4 161o3 3o1o4 16 * 76 7 32 
6' hN ov 86 
91 6 
94 2 
94 2 * 
4 
6 99 
3' vf eb 9o 
74 16 73 28 
74 16 + 
72 
6 47 
R 'jM a y 9o 
1o6 2o1o6 4 1o6 2o + 
27 7 44 t 'jA uq 87 9? 76 2 
75 2o 76 
* 
.18 6 81 
4 f ebSR 93 74 74 74 16 
74 22 I 
14 
6 67 ft’ *+ eb 93 
96 28 96 16 
96 28 • 
14 
7 o9 
7 '.Auti 
88 93 
1oo 161oo.81oo 16+ 
.1o 7 45 
.)'» May 89 94 
75 4 
74.78 75 4 I 
.14 6 58 
3 
Feb 95 
74 2o 74 
74 7o * 
3o 5 21 
/ 
May 93 98 
98 4 
98 4 
98 4 * .2 
7 17 
3' .N o v 98 
74 24 73 JO 74 24 + 
.3o 5 52 
W7 Ma y 94 99 1o7 241o7.8 1o7 24 + 
24 7 68 
7'» F eb95 oo1o2 81o1 161o2 8 ♦ 
3o 7 63 
R’ bAuq 
95 oo 
1o6 281o6 61o6 28 + 
3o 7 66 
8 
Auq 96 o1 1o3 41o7 161o3 4 + 
26 7.68 
8'*MayOO o5 1o6 
1o5 1o1o6 
+ 
.3o 7.69 
7» .Fcbo2 o799 1o 98 22 99 1o ' 
28 7.59 n 
Treasury Notes 
Prices q uoted in dollars ad tb irty sc'conds 
Subject to Federal taxes but not to 
Slate incom e taxes 

Cash Grain 

CHICAGO (A P I — Wheal was noninally lower F rida y; basis unch+» ng ed, corn was low i'r , basis uncbang +sd; ra il ta r receipts 
1o,ooo bushels; oats were no m ina lly low er , basis hig her , soybeans were nom i na ily low er, basis unchang ed, ra il car receipts 164,736 bushels 
Truck receipts w heat 7.o49 bushefs, ro rn 
249,384 bushels, soybeans 
<6,293 bust'els 
Wheal No 2 hard red w inter 2 15' » n; No 
7 soft red w inter 2 31' W Ctorn No 2 yel low 2+3 (hopper) 2,39n (b o x); No 4 yei low 7 34 Oats No 2 heavy 1 6 8'w 
Soy t» .*ens No I yellow 9 32n 
No 7 yellow corn Thursday was q uoted rlt ? 4 2 '*n (hopper ) 2 39'*n (box ) 
CHICAGO (A P ) - Wtieaf No 2 hard ed winter 2 4 1 'j” F rida y, No 2 soft red 
2 37'*n 
Corn No 2 yellow 2.41 » « (hop uer) 7 :io’ *n (Ixix). Oats No 2 heavy 16» » . 
Soybeans No 1 yellow 9 43'.’jn 
No ? yellow to rn Thursday was q uoted ai 2 42'*n (hopper) 2 39'*n (ix jx ). 

KANSAS C ITY (A P ) - W heat 69 cars. 
1 oH to 1'+ up. NO 2 hard 2 31’ * ; No 3 
7 2fl'» 7 73'4n, No. 2 red wheat 2 12'Y 
2 ? 1'*n. No 3 2 1o' / 2 2o» *n 
KANSAS C ITY (A P ) 
W heat futures 
F rida y on the Kansas C ity Board ot 
T rade 
W HEAT (5,ooo bu) 
O pen. 
H ig h 
L o w 
C lo s - e 
Prev, 
Jul 
2 38 
? » ’ * ? 37’ » 2 38 2 38H* 
Sop 
2 4 5 '» 2 45+* 2 45 
2 4 5 'j 2 4 6 '» 
Dec 
2 55 
2 59 
2 54 
2 54 
2.55',» 
Mar 
2 62'» 2.64'y 
Sales. 1,ooo 

HOUSTON (A P ) — Sorg hum No. 2 yel low export 4 11 4 16, ra il dom estic 4 o1 
1 o8, (ruf k ciomeslic 4.o5 4.1o 
Corn No 2 yellow ; export 2.54 2.5.5, ra il domestic 
2 6+’« 2 « 7**, truc k domestic 
2 6o 2 65 

FORT W ORTH (A P ) — M ilo 4 o3 4 17; 
E xport 7 56 2 92. Yellow corn 2 6o 2 64; 
Oats 1 93 I 95 

Spot com m odit 
Prev. Yea 
Today Day 
A 
SI 
51 

17* 
1 78 
1 6o 
Cooper. E lecfro lyilc 
71» » 
71» » 
7o» * 
OcHd. trov o t NY 144 4o 
143 7o 
12* o6 
5(lver. trby o/ N Y 4 5 # o 
4 5oo 
4 458 l'W d. ib 
31 31 
23 
Pio iron. f o b fdry 
BuHatO, Grsstn21o 19 
11o 19 
213 92 
P tn+inum .trviN Y 162 oo 
162 oo 
155 oo 
O uickstvrF lskN Y l35 oo 
14o oo 
11o oo 
SI+'H scrap. q ross to” 
PTiila Chi P itts 
*5 6) 
« 5*3 
*2 *3 
Tin, Ib N Y 
4 8645 
4 8745 
3 *5» ! 
2HK. Ib 
.34 34 
37 
Mere is +t»e g old (utures trading tor F ri da v „ M ay 27. W77 
Open 
Hig h L owCtose 
P rv 
Chicag o M arca ntile Exchang e 
1o6 Troy ounce contracts 
Jim 
Sf>p 
D « 
Mar 
Jun 

NEW YO RK (A P ) pnces (W holesale): 

143 6o 144 7o 143 6o 144 4o 142 7o 
145 5o 146 4o 145 4o 145 9o 144 4o 
147 5o 148 4o 147 4o 148 oo 146 5o 
15o oo 15o 5o 149 6o 15o 4o 149 1o 
157 oo 152 6o 151 9o 153.3o 151 4o 
155 5o 1SS 7o 154 7o ISS oo 153 7o les 
June 955 
Sep *13. 
Dec 
258; 
M arch G . Jun 5; Sep 2 
New York com m o dity Exchang e tae trey ounce contracts 

‘^ 1 , 

.Jun 
143 5o144 *o143 SO 144 5os 142 6o 
Auq 
1(4 8o145 8o144 8o 145 3os 143 8o 
o<( 
146 .3o147 oo146 ,X) 146 7os 145 2o 
Dw 
1-)7 6o148 3o147 SO 
148 1o» 146 6o 
( eb 
149 .1o149 6o149 3o 149 6os 148 1o 
Apr 
151 oo151 5o151 oo 151.3os 149 6o 
III” 
152 « 157 6o157 K) 
152 9<h, 151 4o 
Auu 
154 5o154 5o154 oo 
154 6os 153 1o 
Sail'S (>stimafi>d 2.874 s settling 

Selected w o rld g old prices F riday 
I on don m orning fi,*mg 
$143 9o. up 
$o 2o afternoo” fixing $144 4o, up $o 7o 
Pnt is alternoon fixing $ 14/ o7, up $o 69 
F ra nkfurt unavailable 
/urK h 
$144 75 bid up $ 1oo, $145 oo asked 
Handy & 
Harm an iwse price. 
New 
York $144 4o up $o 7o 
Fng elherd selling price. New Y ork 
$144 « I. up 1o 7o 

NEW YORK (A P ) - Silver futures F ri ' day on the New Y ork Cq m m odity Ex c h a n g e 
. 
Open 
H iuh 
L ow Close 
P rev 
N Y. SIL VE R (5,1m»« trey ot) 
Jun 
458 oo (58 oo458 oo455 
3os 456 4o 
Jul 
46o oo4» oo457 5o457 6os 458 7o 
Sep 
466 oo467 3o467 7o463 lOs 464 1o 
Dec 
474 oo475 IK)47o 7o471.2o% 472 oo 
Jan 
476 2o477 5o476 7o473 9o» 474.7o 
M ar 
481 7o483 5o479 oo479 5o% 48o 7o 
M ay 
4H8 5o488 5o4*8 5o4*5 
1o% 485 *o liil 
495 oo495 oo493 oo49o 7os 491 3o 
Sep 
498 7o499 7o498 oo496 3os 496 9o 
Sales estim aled 9,5oo s setllini) 

S IL V E R (5,ooo trov o il 
Jun 
-159 no 459 oo 453 7o 454 oo 455 oo 
Jul 
- 457 oo 457 5o 
Auq 
46 1 5o 464 5o 459 1o 45« 5o 461 oo 
o ( I 
469 oo 469 .’o 465 oo 465 5o 4M oo 
o(5 
474 5o 475 5o *69 5o 47o 5o 472.oo 
Feb 
479 5o 48o 5o 475 5o 476 2o 4/7 5o 
A ix 
(85 oo 486 oo 4*1 5o 481 9o 4*7 5o 
Jixi 
491 oo 491 oo 487 OO 4« / SO 488 oo 
Aug 
497 OO 497 3o 493 oo 493 oo 493 5o 
Oc I 
5o1 4o 5o2 oo 498 5o 498 5o 499 oo 
Dec 
5o6 5o 5o7 5o 5o4 oo 5o4 oo 5o4 SO 

NFW YORK (A P ) - Spot nonferrous m elai prices F riday . 
Ccippef 71»« i(?nt% a pound, U S dffsti nations lead 31 cents a pound, zinc 34 lents <1 (K>u” d. rtellvixed tin 4 6645 a 
(xiund. New Y o rk, g old $144 4o per tro y 
'unce. New Y o rk, silver $4 58o per troy nunco. 
New York q uicksilver 
$135 oo nommai i>er lla sk. New York 

L ONDON (A P ) - 
ClOSinq m etals in pounds slerluH) per m etric ton 
Spot 
Futures 
Bid 
Asked 
Bid 
Asked 
( oppi' t 
773 oo 
774 oo 
793 o() 

NF W h IG H S 
AlaP 8 Ttìpf 
Caesar W orl 
FePa 1 2Upt 
Fkxiver BB 
KaisrAI 57pl 
F'enna Pw L t 

NFW LOWS^- 
A M f ine 
Allerg an 
Am E * press 
Am H +xtlL I 
Am Home 
A>i» Hc>me pf 
A rm slC kpf 
Hand.« Inc 
Beat Food 
Bell Indus! 
Bendi X 
BeneflCp 
Benef 4 lOpI 
Bue y F ue 
B ixtkerH ill 
C lM tq Gp 
Cacr Gen 
Ct'ssna A r 
CheselxtP 
C iticorp 
Col Ga» pIB 
CombEcip 
Com Oil co n i D .ita 
Crotk+x Nat t vclops r p 
Cvprvis.Min 
OanaCp 
Oiam Int 
Disney W 
<1u Pont 
( asl Kodak 
FchMn M tq 
F q uitax Inc 
F s tf h. CP f ishet Fds 
F ran Kl in M l 
C.AF Cc’rp 
Gen Instru 
Oi-n.Mills 
(31 West Unit 
H a rris Hnkp 
H o n7o” Cp 
H aspAffil Wl 
Hous I api It liilandS II 
IBM 
Int Paper 
Km art 

NY Stocks 
11 

11” 
1 ead 
2i” c 

57o5 oo 
3ft1 OO 
331 oo 

5715 oo 
362 oo 
332 oo 

58oo oo 
362 5o 
34o 5o 

793 5o 
58o5 oo 
363 oo 
341 oo 

T r e a s u r v B i l l ^ 

N E W YO RK (A P ) 
() S Ire,i'>ury Rills 
9 7o 
5 o8 5 oo 5 15 tor F rirlav 
9 '77 
5 1o 5 S’ i 17 
Duc 
Bld A'.k 
Y id 
9 79 
5 17 5 o4 5 » 
1977 
1o 6 
5 14 S o6 S 27 
5 31 
5 79 4 75 Ü 76 
1o 11 
5 16 5 o8 5 75 
6 7 
5 13 4 67 4 75 
1o 18 
5 17 S o7 5 24 
6 9 
5 o4 4 64 4 71 
1o 7o 
5 16 5 1o 5 78 
6 16 
4 98 4 64 4 71 
1o 77 
5 18 5 1o 5 29 
6 23 
4 92 
4 6o 4 68 n 
3 
5 18 5 12 5 31 
6 78 
4 93 
4 61 4 69 
11 1o 
5 18 5. 17 5 3) 
6 3o 
4 97 4 6o 4 68 
11 15 
5 19 S 13 5 33 
7 7 
4 95 
4 79 4 88 
11 17 
5 19 5 13 5 33 
7 14 
4 96 
4 76 4 87 
11 75 
5 18 5 14 5 35 
7 21 
4 99 4 83 
4 93 
17 13 
5 21 5 15 S 36 
7 76 
4 99 
4 &5 4 95 
1978 
7 28 
4 99 4 85 
4 96 
1 1o 
5 27 5 19 5 41 
8 4 
5 o1 4 91 
5 o7 
2 
7 
5 34 5 26 5 5o 
8 11 
5 o1 4 91 
5 o3 
3 
7 
5 37 5 31 5 66 
8 18 
5 o1 
4 9) 
5o3 
* 
4 
S 39 5 33 5 6o 
8 23 
5 o3 4 91 
5 o4 
S 7 
5 39 5 33 5 AI 
8 75 
4 99 
4 95 
5 o8 
5 3o 
5 ,18 5 34 5 64 
9 
1 
5 o7 4 94 
5 o7 
SutJiec t lo 1’^edt't al 
9 8 
5 o3 4 97 
5 11 ta* ex but 
” o1 
1o 
9 15 
5 o5 4 95, 5 o9 
State Ihi-pmR taxes 

R ichm nd 
Cp 
S'orq e T**< h 
T w ix f C+xtt 
Varo Inc 
W 'litC np'A 

Kaisr S'rs'l 
Kd'sr Stiwd k ans PI, 2 .l?Pf k auf fli pad k !dde t'l A 
Ktipper pi krpeh lix 
I e v itz Frnit 
I c ui d F xp 
M .irip i'l ,tb 
M .isonite 
M avDStr 
M elroified 
Minn M M 
M ixisanto 
.Motorola 
Nat Steel 
Philips (nd f'ciiaroid 
PnttC.en El 
J'urolalor 
Rich M err 
St Joe M« t 
SavA Stop 
SioH Fet/er 
Sis+rsRoebwl 
Sherw” Wm 
Smq iv Cupi 
SkyhneCii 
Sou Nat Res 
Sou'bid Cp 
Sws'F Ind p( std Brands 
S li'r'D i uu 
TbriHyCp 
U” Oaocp 
(In c'anip 
U nttM A M 
(IS f or Six 
(ISGypsm 
(IS Sl'oe 
O', S'ui-I 
'VciHan M.*tl 
Wi-anL) pi A 
W ftlsJ ,*■ Co 
WnlJn 1o 2'h’ I 
Wny c Ths r 
IWcyerhsr pt 

NFW HIGMS 
A iterm nF d 
Brewer I td 
BroDart In f M IC orp 
Irctq Brnd pt 
K inA rkC p 
MedcxitO I” 

NEW l OWS 
Avondal M il 
Berci Bru pi 
C .ill te 2 "ÌOpI 
C itrnal” w i iT iildW i 111 
Clai emoni t o m i' Sue, 
Fibf l'I'i d w l 
( Inwei sind n 
G(*novL 3iq 
Globc'inci 
O ulfO ilC aii 
L ibet ty f ab 
LctewsTh w l 
M cxlalisl In 

Am erican 
13 

M i's iirttnll A 
Resort Iritt B 
Sbiiclust Ine tenneyf'nq 
USNal Res 
W insln M ilt 

Niaej l r Svc, 
(.Jok ii't» f’ lMinsy I n,| 
I'l op( .q i ! 
R r.d ix iM I 
'.MO Imi 
St ulniiiT r ( 
M dt'.u' I p 
S'eeimet 
M ieA ii” tlA t Inc 
W,itd+ iK wl 
W hit.tki ( hi 
Wil'xtn Ilio 
Xonic sInt 

 i>iiiuha l/iv <’st4M‘k 

O M A HA. Neb (A P X U S D A ) - L ivestock q uotations F rida y 
Hog s; 1,5oo, barrow s and g ilts fa irly active, unevenly weak to 5o lo w er; U.S 1 
3 2oo 24o Ib G 5o 44 oo; sows ovftr 45o Ib firm to 75 h ig h er, under 
45o hig her steady to 5o lower , 3oo 6oo Ib 38 oo 4o oo 
Cattle and calves 2,ooo; most o f supply fe+'der cattle for the auctio n; not enoug h trade on any slaug hter class to establish a mark*.'f, load cfioice 98o 1b hlefers or dered In at 4t .5o. 
Sheep none. 
Eslm ated receipts Tuesday: 
C,+Hle ,ind calves. 7,ooo, hog s, 5,5oo, sheep .5oo, 

 l * a i i h a i i « i U 
‘ 
L i v t * h l i M 
* k 

A M A R IL L O (A P ) 
C onttrm ed 
27oo 
Sates on 
17oo slaog hter steers, 
1ooo slaug hter heifers 
Slaijq hter steers- g ood and m ostly choke 7o 85 ijercent choice 7 4 1o75 11oo llTs 41 5o 47 oO 
Slaug hter helters. load choice ? 4 95o lbs 4o (SO Good and m ostly choice 7 4 925 95o lbs 3* »o 39 5o 
M ixed lopd and choice 8oo 95o lbs 38 oo 3* 5o 

K 
( * 
L i v c h i o c k 

KANSAS C ITY (A P ) - C attle 1oo Not enoug h any one class on oHer to flde q uately test prices 
Hog * 5oo Barrows and g ilts steady to 
75 lower ; 1 2 shipm ent 225 Ib +4 oo, 
1 3 
2oo 75o ib 43 75 43 75 Sows, weig hts under 
'.oo Ib iiot i,sfablished, 5oo lb and heavier 
5o 1 oo lower / 1 3 5oo 6oo lb 37 5o 38 oo 
Estim ates tor T uesday. C attle l.OOO. t+Oys 7,5oo, sheep 15o 

B u t t e r a n d 
L g g 
^ 

NEW YO RK (A P ) 
(L iSDA) 
Whole sal« 'i« (M oHerir+q s steady, prices miq uolcKj t r iday 

CHICAGO (AP) 
(USDA) 
IJiitler' 
Steady wholesale huythg prices I i iday unchang ed 
93 score AA 
1 oo71. V'2 
A 
1 oo71 9o H unq uoted f q g s weak 
F rida y, sale's cJelivered store dcxtr. < artons 3 lower , A extra larg ì; 
51 58. A lai g o SO 55. A m edium s .1o 45 

NFW YORK (A P ) 
Iho Associatisi 
Press weig hted w holt'sale price Index ot 
35 com rncxlities (insert to iom« >) 
Prc'vlous Day 3o8 94, Week au” S'» 62, 
Mcxith ag o 392 45, Virar ag o 37h 87 
1977 
1976 197S 
)» /« 
Hig h 
394 9o 
394 )4 368 57 188 7* 
L ow 
35) )4 
351 51 335 64 331 97 
(1926 averag e i-Qoals 1oo) 

Want Ads; 

225- 1666: 

45 23 16 
5o 
3' 
19 16 
Xerox 
6o 
1 16 
Aug 
1MOV 
1 
A e P 
25 
'8 
3 16 
&m Hos 
7o 
3 a 
Am Hos 
25 
5 16 11 16 
A M P 
25 a 
3 
A M P 
3o 
+ 8 
' b 
Bail y 
2o 
7 ‘ 8 
3 '* 
B a il y 
75 11 16 17 1611 
Bail y 
3o 
' 8 
7 16 
Baxter 
3o 
1'« 
2'? 
Baxter 
35 
S 16 
+,* 
B a x ter 
4o 
1 16 a 
BIk Ok 
15 15 16 
1+'* 
BIk Dk 
2o 
' 8 
'* 
Boeinq 
4o 
1o+8 
1o + 4 
Boeing 
45 
6 
7 
Boc'ing 
5o211 16 
3’ » 
Boeirig 
Bois C 
6o a 
+ 4 
75 
S a 
Bots C 
3o 
1 
2 
Bois c 
35 
' » 
'* 
' B S 
5o 
6 + 8 a 
: B S 
6o 
’ « 
1’ ? 
Coke 
7o 
3 '/ 
4 <4 oke 
8o 
9 16 
1 + » 
Coig ai 
7o 
4 '* 
4*« oig ai 
. 25 
V» 13 16 
Cmw Ed 
25 a 
5« '* 
Im w Ed 
3o 
1J s» 
C Data 
7o 
1’ * 
1’ » 
C Data 
Sn Dyn 
. 
75 
3 16 
>,? 
5o 
4’ / 
6 
Gn D yn 
6o 11 16 19 16 
GE Uf 
S3’ » 21 16 b 
Gen F d 
25 
7H b 
Gen Fd 
3o 
2 ’ b 
3 
Gen Fd 
35 
'/* 
7 16 
Hewiet 
7o 
S'e 
7 '* 
H cw let 
8o 
Il 16 29 16 
Hewiei 
. 9o 
' 8 b 
H ew Iet 
1oo 
I 16 b 
M Inns 
1o 
2+4 
3'» 
H inns 
15 
3 16 
7-16 
Honwll 
4o 
1o b 
Honwil 
45 
SI? 
6'? 
Honwll 
5o 
2‘ 8 
3 + 8 
H o nw ll 
6o a 11 16 
In FIv 
2o 
’ » a 
In FIv 
75 a 
' 4 
J Manv 
3o 
4 '» a 
J Manv 
35 
1” * 
2 
J Manv 
4o a 
’ / 
MGIC 
15 11 16 
1'* 
MGIC 
7o a 
1 ^ 
M obil 
5o 
141* b 
6o 
65 
7o 
15 

4 + 8 
1' J 
S' 
2* J kg 
4» » 

4' 7 
2+* b 
Feb 
5 16 a 
I t , 

 ta 
3+» 
13 16 b 
1"» 
7 16 b b 
4’* l ' î b 
JS* 

2 '* 
6 
1’ » a 
1',* b 
+* 
2’ * 
+X« a 
2'-'? b b 
3’ « 

4 b b 
3+8 
6« b b 
4'» 

 b 
7+* 
+* 
) ' J 
7 16 b a 
3'» 
15 16 
5 '* 

7 55 
M ar 
2 56 
2 57 
M ay 
2 61 
2 61 
OAT&(S,o<» bu) 
Jut 
1 5 7 '/ I 55 
Sep 
I 49 
Dec 
1.53 
M ar 
1 57 
1 59 
1 57 
SOYBEANS (5,ooo bu) 

2 44+4 2 G 
2 46' Ï 2 47 
2 G+4 2 49 
2 56'2 2 57 
2 59',» 
2 61 
2 61’/ i 

1 52 
1 S3'» 1 S7 
1 5 2 '» 1 49'-» 
1 51 
1.52+4 
1 55' 7 1 53 
1 54’ » 1 S5+* 
1 57 
1 S*> * 

Jul 
Aug 
Sop 
Nov 
Jan 
Mar 
May 
Jul 

9 54 
9 4o 
8 OS 
7 45 
7.45 

96o 
9 46 
8 14 
7 $4 
7 57 

9 36 
9 24 
7 96 
7 3» 
7 44 
7 SO' » 7 61',» 7 .5o 

9 4o 
9 26 
8 o4 
7 5o 
7 55 
7.6o 
7 64 
7 5o'» 7 44 

963 
9 46 
*1 6 
7 47 
7,54 
7 6o 
7 62 
7.52 
... . . . . 
. 
7 56 
7 64' » 7 54'» 7 64’ » 7 62 
SOYISEAN O IL (6o,ooo lbs) 
Jul 
» 4o 32 45 
31 67 
3),67 
Auq 
32 7o 32 3o 3 ) 65 
3 ) 65 
Sep 
31,15 
31 3o 
3o 7 5 
3o 75 
Oct 
29 25 29 5o 79 oo 
79 oo 
Dec 
•* 3o 78 5o 
28 oo 
7B.o5 
Jan 
28 oo 28 o5 27 7o 
27 75 
Mar 
27 7o 27 95 
27 48 
27 5o 
May 
27 5o 27 5o 27 25 
27 25 
J-ul 
- 
----- 
26.95 

Jul 
Aug 
Sep 
Oct 
Dec 
Jan 
M ar 
May 
Jul 

SO YBEAN M E A L (1o* fen» ) 

37 75 
32 5o 
31 SO 
29 5o 
78 55 
2* 2 o 
27 9o 
27.6o 
27,2o 

Mobil 
McTbil 
Mobil 
N Semi 
N Semi 
N Semi 
Occi 
Occi g cci 
CCI 
R a y 
5 o 
Raylhn 
Raythn 
Rynlds 
Rynlds y um b ” 
Slumb 
Slumb 
SkyI.n 
Skylin 
Skylin 
South” 
So g th n 
St Ind 
St Ind 
Tx Git 
Tx G if 
U A L 
U A L 
U Tech 
LI Tech 
U Tech 
U Tech 
J W all 
J Walt 
W lllm s 
W ilim s 

 o Not traded b No option offered 

45'8 
45'» 
45'8 

2 3 'b 
27'* 
22’ * 
26'* 
26’ » 
21 
71 
71 
29'« 
29’,» 
29’* 
15'* 
15’ » 
5o' » 
SO'» 
5o'.? 
5o'» 
32+4 
? 9s. 
29+* 
56+8 
56+» 
77'* 
72'-* 
24>* 
24'* 
3o'* 
3o'* 
19'» 
19’,. 
53'* 
53 '* 
54'» 
32’ » 
17' » 
32' » 
73'* 
73'+ 
73''* 
73 '* 
12'J 
12’ » 
49H 
49%» 
49’ » 
49H 
18’ . 
18’* 
34’ / 
34” » 
34' J 
14';* 
14'.I 
63'» 
63'« 
63’* 
63’ » 
11+ 

P h i i a d < d | > h i a O p l i o i i f 

Aug 4o 
Aug 45 
Aug SO 
Nov4o 
Nov 45 . 
Ff‘b4o 
Feb45 

Jun 
Jul 
Aug 

258 oo 
263 oo 255 5o 257 oo 26o »5 
256 5o 
76o SO 253 5o 254.5o 259.oo 
228 oo 23o oo 225 oo 225 oo 23o oo 
2oo 5o » 3 oo 199 oo » V o o » 1 SO t92 oo 196 oo 19 1 5o 1 95 « 193.5o 
193 oo 
195.oo 192 OO 194.oo 193 oo 
195 oo 
197.oo 194,5o 196 oo 195 oo 
197 oo 197 9o 196 oo 197.5o 196 oo 
19* oo 199 5o 19« oo 19* oo 2oo.oo 

42 1o 
42 92- 
42 92 
42 15 

ICED B R O IL E R S (3o,ooo IB» ) 
G 2o 
42 2o 
41 4o 
41 6o 
42.95 
G 75 
41 9o 

43 oo 
G DO 
4 2 » 

42 75 
G 75 
41 9o 

43 oo 
421o 
41 95 

2o 111-16 
1+4 25 16 
11 + 4 
25 
3 16 
9 16 b l | + 4 
15 
17 + 8 b b 
271» 
2o 
7H 
7V* b 
27+8 
25215 16 
3+'4 
4 '* 
27H 
3o 
V. 
P i li s 16 
27H h n 
3 ' » 
K A 
B 
+4 + 6 '» 
6o 
4'e 
5'» a 
63'» 
7o a 
1 a 
63H 
6o 
7'* a a 
66 
. 7o 
+ 4 
P * 
2',* 
66 
6o 
4'» 
S a 
6P? 
66H 
IV» 
7o 11 16 b 
P * b 
2 't 
6P 7 
6 1 '/ 
1o 
3 
31,'* 
3'? 
12 + 4 
1î 
+ 8 
H 
’ ■» 
12+4 
7o 
1 16 a b 
12Vi 
15 
1’ ? 
P? 
1+8 
16*h 
7o d a 
1 16 
16+? 
5o 
2 + 4 
3 'ii 
• 
52» 
55 
’ J 
1 15 16 
52'» 
25 
1'» 
1H 
2 » 
25'.- 
3o 
’ « 
’;* 
25',? 
7o715 16 
3' / 
4 
21’/f 
75 
7 16 13 16 '15 16 
7I''< 
3o 
7+4 b b 
37'. 
35 
31* 
3H b 
37V 
4o 
J* 
I'*1 11 16 
37 + . 
45 a 
H 
13 16 
37V? 
35 
9 16 
P» 
1>'4 
33+. 
4o a 
” 4 ta 
31+1 
7o 
4 
4 + 8 a 
24+. 
25 
H 
1 
1H 
74V. me 7o.195 
Open interest 1,6oo,4o. 

Cotton 

NEW YO RK (AP) - 
Cofton No 
2 (u tures F rida y on the New Y ork Cotton Ex 
Chang * 
O pan 
H ig h 
L o w .C io s * 
P ro v c o n ON, 
No. 
69 7o 
Oct 

 a 
. 
May 
'Jut 
O ct 
Sales 

67 9o 
65 5o 
6« 1o 
66 5o 

69 7o 
6*.3o 
64*5 
46.15 
66 5o 

5o,ooo lbs) 
Jul 
67 8o 
67 » o 
69 42 
67 OS 
65 25 
« 5 8o 
66 W 

67 OS 
65 25 
65 75 
6 6 o o b66 4o bò S.IS 

67 *8 
65 4* 
66 oo 
66 5o 
66 75 
65 to 
3,6oo a ask« d, b bid, n-nom inat 

Option 
Abbt L 
Alrbf L 
A bbt L 
Abbt L 
AbbI L 
Abbt L 
Aizbt L 
A lld C Jul35 
A lld C JolG 
A lld C JUI45 
A lld C JulSO 
A lld C O ct4o 
A lld C ot14S 
A lld C Oc15o 
A lld C Jan4o 
A lld C JanSO . 
Alli%C Jul25 
AltiaC Jul3o 
Alli% C Jul35 
AilisC Oct25 
A iliiC D e l» 
A llisC O tl3 5 
. 
AltisC Jan25 
AllisC Jan'tO 
AllisC J« n35 
A Hess Aug 25 
. 
A Hess Aug 3o 
A Hess Aug 3S 
A Hess N o v » 
A Ffess Nov35 
A Hess Feb3o 
A Hess Feb35 
AshI O JUI3o . 
AshI O Jul 35 
A« Ji( O Qct3o 
AshI o OttJS 
AshI O o(14o 
AshI O Ja” 3o 
AshI o Jan35 
BluebI Jut 75 
B lufb l J ut3o 
BluebI O ct25 
Bluctal Oct 3o 
BluebI Jan25 
BluebI 
Jan3o 
Bois C Auq 3o 
Bois C Aug 35 
B o i. C Nov? 5 
Bois C Nov3o 
Bois C Feb 3o 
Bois C Feb35. 
Branif Jul 1o 
B ra nif Jul 15 
Brand O f HO 
B ra nif Ot 115 
Branif Jan 1o 
( ty In Julio 
Cty in Jul 15 
Cty In OcttO 
Ctv In O ft 15 
Cty In Jan 1o 
. 
Cty In Jan 15 
Clorox Jut 1o 
C torox Jul 15 
Clorox Oct to 
Clorox Oct 15 
Clorox Jan 1o 
C lorox Jan IS 
Comsat Jul25 
Comsat Julio 
Comsat Jul35 
C om sat Jul4o 
Comsat OcllO 
Comsat Oct 35 
Comsat Oct4o 
Comsat Jan 3o 
Comsat Jan35 
Comsat Jan 4o 
Cont o JUI35 
Com O Jut4o 
Cont O Oct3S 
Coot O Oct 4o 
Cont O Jan3S 
Cont O Jan 4o . 
o+essr Jui35 
Dresar Jul4o 
Oressr JulG 
Dressr Oct 4o 
Oressr Oc t 45 
Dressr Jan 4o 
Oressr Jan4o 
Duk Pw J ul25 
Duk P w O c t» 
Duk Pw J a n» 
Duk Pw Jan25. 
E a sG sJulT S 
Eas GSJUI3o 
Eas Gs Or.l25 
Eas Gs OctIO 
Eas Gs J a n» 
Cas Gs JanTS 
Eas Gs J*n3o 
Eng l M Jut3o 
E ng l M Jul35 
. 
E ng l M O ct35 
Eng l M J a n» 
. 
Fng i M Jan3S 
F irs tn A u« » 
F irs tn Auq 75 
Firstn Nov? o f irstn Nov25 
F irstn FebTO 
O A F Jut 1o 
F 
Jul 15 
F Oct 1o 
F O c lis 
. 
F Jan 1o 
O A F 
Jan I S 
GeoPrtC J ui» 
GeoPac Jui35 
G eoPec Jul4o 
GeoPac Jul29+» . 
GeoPac Jul39',*. 
S eoPac Oct » 
. eoPacOctSS 
GeoPac O ct4« fitioPac 
Oct34+* 
GeoPac Jan 3o 
. 
Oa o Pa c Jan35.., 
MOW Jn 
JuilO 

 aoi+fs open 
(lOOs) 
Int Hig 
82 
111 
? 'i 
231 
5o17 16 
2 
17 
67 
3 
7 
1o 
3o 
7o5 
143 
7 
84 

4 l+k 
3 
1’ ? 
42 1o+* 1o 

Net 
N ? , 
How Jn nul 15 
7 78o71 161 161 16 
9' h 
L ow L ast Chq Close 
Hiiw Jn Oct 1o 
7)8 398315 16 9 1611 16 
3 16 
9'« 
’ « 
P » - 2'8 
39 
How -tn O ft 15 
1o 144o 
'» ) 16 
'» 
9’ » 
' b 
' / 
39 
How Jn Jan 1o 
219)7o4)316 
'» 
1 
' » 
9 ' h 
161 16—3 16 
39 
How Jn JanIS 
62 
79 
<%3 163 16 + 1 16 
9'» 
) 
2”* - 2'« 
39 
Incxco A ih; 15 
457 
59« 1o 
7+4. 
7’/» 
2'b 
77'. 
3;, 
» .-^ 
! , 
39 
Inexco Aug '7o 
1656 4193 
5'/* 
3' ? 
4 
1’ « 
77+4 
î ’ 4 
2’;* 
39 l.ii'xCO Aug 25 
2546 7917 
7'8l5 16 1'A 
15 16 
27’ . 
'» 
P/» 
. , 
39 l.iexto Nov 15 
151 
4o6 1o+» 
8’ 4 
8<4 
2 
22'* 
)'» 1o+» 
2 ' î 
46' ? 
Inexco Nov2o 
641 7447 
A'* 
4 ’ » 
4'» 
)•« 
7 '7 '4 
21» 
8o9 
5o5 
43 
416 

5'/* 
IG 

6'.* 
3 

7 
— 1 
2'» * 1 
+/* 
5 16 
6'* 
2'* 
3+s 
1 
4'J3 1159 
1+*13 16 1 + 
35 
344 7+a 6’ » 
/sa ­ ls 
51 2Hi 2'» 
2 '» - 
33 
452 7s% 6+a 
7 
— 
188 
129* 3 
1+;* 
2 
- 1 
1o2 
384 
8*5 165 1 6 -5 16 
7 
3o9 7'» 7 
7 
— 1 
1o« 
911 3 '* 3 
3 
- 
’ « 
16o 
42319 1613 1613 
25 
84 7 
7 
37 
231 4’ » 4 
1o7 
3'2821 16 1+* 
258 
76o 9’* 8' b 
118 
13oo 5Vb 4's 
5o5 4718 
I ’* 
1 13 16 
11 16 

7 
- 
4 '* — 
1++- 
9 ' * - 1 
4 H - 1 

1'/, 

43 
89o 
5’/» 
4’,» 
5 
— IH 
253 18.35711 16113 
162 
- ■'a 
47 
28 
SH 
5''4 
SH . 
119 
75 
3' 'b 
2H 
2+* 
13 
136 
5+4. 
5'» 
5 '? - 
H 
16o 1539 
IH 
P» 
1 ',* - 
•/* 
9 
11o 
6';* 
S'» 
5 '? - 
P» 
76 
977 
2'» 
P? 
IV, 
16 
84 
',? 
'» 
1 16 
7 
1o 
6+» 
6 + * 
6*» — 
' • 
16 
116 
2 + 4 
7'/* 
2',. ■ 
+B 
2o 
57 
2'? 
P? 
2 '. 
P? 
* 9 
238 
H5 165 16— 11 
16 
9 
17 
3+» 
2'» 
2 H - 
1'/» 
59 
2o9 
IV* 
H - 
’•■» 
13 
18 
3"» 
3 
3 '» - 
1 +* 
53 
3719 16 
P» 
IV» - 
V. 
3 1775 
P» 
P» 
1’» — IH 
47 2317 
'/»3 163 1 6 - 
+ 8 
1o 
II 6 
6 
« 
385 7 
7 
1 
7 3’ * 
3 '* 
11 
8 1+* 
1+X 
5o8 916813 16 
+» 
+» 
7*2 22511 161 161 16 
387 7498 
1';*1) 16 
’ • 
249 13193 161 16116 

6 - 7 
2 
— IH 
3’ * 
1+* 

J,, 
I 16 
P » - 
+a 
4',-»— 
S* 
+ *-S 16 
4’* ~ 
» a 
+/*-3 1« 
5k* . .. 
I'.-* - 
'* 

257 2429 
! ” > 
5 
4 » 
4+* 4'» 
261 677711 16 5 16 
1o 
11o 
S>A 4 '* 
737 39o311 16 
+k 
» 
249 
5'-* 
14V 
831 
1'* 
46 
567 
7 
1' »111 16-7 16 
21 3642M 61 161 16 
. 
58 
8o5 
7’ » 1'» 1’* 
5 16 
7o 22)33 16 
'» 
' » 1 1 6 
65 
3o7 
2',* 2 
2 
'* 
138 
9955 163 16 
' * - 1 16 
1 
18 1o'/* 1o'/* 1o'/* + 
'* 
121 
361 
6'» 4+* 4+;* 
1'* 
264 1893 
2*11 1’/» 1 '* - 
1'/* 
321 
6265 163 163 1 6 -3 16 
5’* 
5 '* - 2',+ 
2'*25 16— 17 16 35 
+/*' 
H 
35 
6'.'* 
6 » * - 1’/* 
3<* 
3'/*— I>* 
1',» 
1',*— 
'* 

52 
174 
7 
246 
922 
3+» 
7*o 
8o4 
1'/* 
43 
3* 
7+* 
116 
166 4 
131 
69 
1’* 
3o* 1216 
1 
+*9-16— 11 16 
118 25993 161 16 
' * - 1 16 
235 
982111 161 
1'/* 
5 16 
63 
IMS S* 
’ * 
'/* 5 16 
•A 
166 7 l+a 1'/'»— 1 
152 
43713 16 
>/» n 16 3 16 
25 
2 7'/» 
7*6 7 '*— 3'/* 
46 
15o 4>* 
2+4 2 + 4 - l ’/| 

46< 
46' 
46' » 
46' / 
46' J 
46' » 
46'» 
46' -/ 
31+* 
31» * 
31+* 
31’ * 
31+* 
31-'» 
31+* 
31’ * 
31+» 
34 
34 
34 
34 
34 
34 
34 
35' / 
35' ; 
35'» 
35'» 
35'» 
35' / 
35'» 
26+8 
76’ * 
26+« 
26+* 
26+4 
26’ » 
79» * 
29+8 
29’ » 
29S» 
79’ v 
29+* 
9 + 4 
9 + . 
9'* 
9 + * 
9+. 
14+* 
14+» 
14H 
14+* 
14+* 
14+* 
11H 
11+* l l H tIH lis * lis * 
35 
35 
35 
35 
35 

2o8 
742 
72 
435 
196 1Û5o 
5 
125 
4o 
126 

13* 
4 '* 
2'-4 
3’/» 
I '/ i 
57 
4331 16! 1 6 M Í 

+ * - 1 
3 -**- IS* 
’/« - 19 16 
3’* - 7’/» i'M ~ V,t 

6 
« 
3« 
39 
65 
86 
466 
125 12*6 
165 
5o4 
24 
796 

. 
2'/» 
+4 
2’-» 
'4 
’/* 
'/» 
'/* 
'/•t.1 6 
1’ . s* 
^ 
16 

2'/».......... 
2+4..... 
V é ..... 
V*— » i 
'41 +1-16 s*11 16—7-16 
'4—3-16 
4' » ----- 
1*» ~ 
+»..... 
16 4— 

G A 
G A 
EÍ 

2 
4 
172 
229 
!'4( 
1'.'* 
126 
295 
+* 
4* 
1 
16o 
164 
164 
41 
3217 163 163 1 6 -3 1« 
1o 
22313 16 9 169 16— 
6» 
1o 
14 26» 
2+4 2 6 * - I ’/» 
2 
7 ’/» 
’/* ’4» ~ 1 
34 
32« 
» *7 1 6 7 ) 6 - 
'/* 
16 
61o1 161 1 6 M 6 — 1 16 
54 
379 1 
+/* 
+/* 
J* 
15 
29o 
'» 1 16 
'4 i- I 16 
9 
4 ) '• 
1 
1 
9 
328111 1616*16» - 
+* 
5 2Q861 161 161 16 
32 
13« 1+4 
14* IS * - 
+» 
S 11o23 163 1*3 16— 1 16 
39 
97 ? '* 1*4 
1+4—5 1« 
31 
3445 1« 
'* 
• /* - ! 16 
49 
124 1',4 IS 1615 <6- 5 1« 
» 
656 
'*1 16 
'41-1 !« 
1 
2 6 1 1 6 1 1 6 1 1 6 ... 
1 
3« 2 
2 
I 
— 1+* 
15 
37*1 161 161 16— 1 16 
65 
218 2+* 
1'» I '* — 
'4i 
S3 
4o211 16 f.1 « 9)6 
.. 
6 
81 
•* 
’/. t/a - l- l« 
I 
1o«13 1613 1613 16 + 3 16 
12 
1 73 2s* 2V* 
2’/ * - 
6* 
21 
17713-16 +4 
+4— 
'* 
253 3 » 4 
'/» 
**7 1 6 - 
•-* 

35 
35 
35 
32+4 
32+* 
32+4 
32+* 
3264 
32+4 
42>4i 
42'» 
42<* 
42'» 
42'» 
42'» 
42” » 
2 2'* 
22'-/* 
2 2', 
72'* 
22>* 
22'/* 
22'•* 
22';* 
22'* 
22'-* 
2? '* 
31S* 
31+* 
31+* 
314» 
31+* 
19 
19 
19 
19 
19 
1o+* 
1o*4 
1o+4 
1o+4 lOG 
1o+. 
79'. 
39'Y 
79'* 
29'* 
2 9'* 
29'* 
29'* 
29'» 
29‘* 
29” t 
29>* 
9’/* 

Ine» co 
Nov7.5 
Inexfo f etjTO lnex(o Feta25 
Jov Aug +O 
Joy Aug 45 
Jov Aug SO 
.loy NOV4o 
Jov NoV45 
Joy NovSO 
Jov Feb45 
Joy F ebSO 
L a L nd Aug 25 l a L nd Auu3o 
L a L nd NOv25 
L a l nd 
Nov3o 
L a L nd Feb25 l a L nd FebM) 
M ariot Aug 1o 
M a rio t A ug lS 
M ar lot Aug V c-« 
/W» riof Aug UV« 
Mai lot 
Nov 1o 
M anot Nov 15 
M a no tN o v V '* 
M ariot Nov \4Sa 
M anot Fet) 1o 
Mc Der Aug 45 
MC Der Aug 5o 
M t Oer Au« 6o 
Mc Der Nov45 
AAc Oc*r NrivSO 
Mc. Der NOV6o 
AAc Ocv FebSC 
Mc. Der Fet)6o 
NL Ind Aug TO 
NL Ind Aug 7S 
NL lndN o v7 5 
NL lnd Feb? 5 
P P G Aug ‘4) 
P P G Auo55 
P P G Aug ftO 
P P G NovVO 
P P G Nov55 
P P G Nov 6o 
P P G Feb55 
Pttstn Aug 3o 
Ptfstn 
Au« 35 
P tts tn Aug fO t'tt'.tn Aug 34’ « 
P tts tn A ug 39'* 
Pttstn Nov3o 
F+ttsfn N ov35 
Pttstn Nov4o 
PtlM n FebiO 
Pttstn Feb35 btot P J ulis 
Scot P 
Jul3o 
Scot P Oc 12o 
Scoi P J a n» 
SeabCL J ul35 
SeabCL Jul4o 
SeabCL Oci35 beabCL OctfO beauCL Jan 35 
SeabCL Jan4o 
Su” Co Au« 4o 
Su” Co Aug 45 
Sun Co A u« 5o 
Sun Co Nov 4o 
Su” Co Nov 45 
Su” Co NovSO 
Sun Co Fafj4o 
Teldyn Joi5o 
Teidyn Jul55 
Teldyn J ul6o 
Tatdyn i|ul68 
Teldyn 
J ul7o 
Tatdyn Jui53>» 
Teldyn J ul5 *'* 
Teldyn o+155 
Teldyn Okt6C 
Teldyn Öc.i68 .. 
Teldyn Oct/O 
Teldyn O cts« '* 
Teldyn Jan SO 
Teldyn Jan55 
Teldyn Jan6o 
Teldyn Jan 7o 
Trnsam Aug 1o 
T rnsa m Aug 15 
Trnsam Nov 1o 
Trnsam 
Nov15 
Trnsam FetalO 
Trnsam FeblS 
Un Pac Aug 45 
Un Pac. Aug SO 
Un Pac Aoq 55 
Un Pac Au« 6o 
Un Pac NovSO 
Un Pac NOvSS 
Un Pac NOV6o 
U” Pac FebSS 

1699 6784 
3'/* 
7 23 16- 11 16 
27’ . 
» 4 
1o9 6+» 4'« 
5'» 
27'. 
1o68 
553 4 
2 '/ 
7’-» 
72*. 
16 
33 4’ « 3+* 
S«-. 
3'» 
43'. 
95 
372 
2+4 
1'» 17 16 
19 16 4 3 '. 
156 
489 
1'« 5 16 
+» 
’ . 
4 )'. 
) 
7'-» 
5' 
5 '* 
2'-;- 
1 '*- 
3' » 
2 
1 

7 + . 
1' » 
S* 
49 
1o3 3'-» 7' 
44 
35o 1+4 1 
3 
1 4+» 3', 
2 
2 
2 
294 
55o ? '. I 
683 436B5 163 163 16 - 
592 
71o 3 '* 1’ » 
1+» 
4o2 197311 16 7 167 16 
1o9 
51 
3 '* 
1'» 
1’ » 
151 
85 
1 s* 
6. 
386 9 74 
■* 
' j — 
83 
2221 161 161 16 
25 13751) 16 s» )) 16 
37 2594 
'* 
'* 
'» 
442 1919 
1 13 1613 16 
» 
'245 
'* 
'* 
'* 
9 
659 
1',. 
P . 1 '.+ 
4 
421 
>* 
'* 
'* 
327 
734 1'* 1 
1'» 
48 
731 1o+* 
•+* 
B'-» 
74o 1314 
7+« 
4 '* 
4 '* 
97? 1731 
1+4 
'* 
'• 
43 
64 11'. 1o 
1o 
'267 
5)4 
8'« 
5’ -» 
5 '* 
279 
413 
3'* 
IS» ts*- 
67 
3/ 1o 
7 
7’* 
271 
126 
3',» r» 7 7 16 
18 
122 
3 '/ 
2'/* 2 '. - 
75 To357 16 
' . 
76 1o3515 16 
'» / 1 6 -9 16 

1 + « 
9 16 
U« 
5 16 

3 1« 
I 16 

2+* 

4o 
1t 
79 
1oo 
3 
11 
34 
2 
438 136o 

71 
7 
15o 
373 
26 
5o 
125 

6+* 
2+* 
1 
7+* 
4'» 
2 
7 
9 16 

*» 
6+. 
3 
23<i- 2’ » 
1 
- 
1+8 
7 + * - 7+» 
4'» 
7 

797 76785 16 
'» 3 16 
34 11o5 
'« 1 161 16 
7 
3725 16 
',*' 
79 
5793 161 16 
<* 
354 13o6 
)'» 
1'« 
)+» 
’* 
'/* 
'* 

2'7 l ' i 
2'* 

264 1375 
6 
663 
21* 
135 
79 
<7 
8 
96 
62 1147 
1o 
634 
7o 
213 
'» 
2o 
166 
3'? 
53 
9o1 
V* 
7 
82 
3|7 
61 
787)5 16 
15 
24 
3'» 
35 
1o5 
7 
8 
173 
4+» 
77 11o4 
IV* 
12 
5o/ 
'* 
6 
I 
5'/» 
4* 
55o 
2 

)S» 

3 16 

3 16 

-5 16 
-3 16 

*1 1 6 
'» 
+ 3 163 1 6 -1 16 

2 '* 
2 '* 
1+1 
'/* 
1k* 

126 
19911 16 
7 
6 '* 6 
1o 
769 15'* 14 
16 
79? 1 |i, 11 
247 2512 
7+* 4 

7' 1 
’* 
3'.» — 
1% ~ 
3+. 
+415 16—9 16 
1 163 16— 
'• 
5 
5 
)+* 
2 

3+* 
1+* 
3+. 
1+» 

6 
14' » 
11' J 
4’ . l ' i 
2+* 
338 4934 
?+a l'* I 5 16 
1'» 
395 6952113 16 +*13 16 -11 16 
9 
458 13', 1o+* 1o+* 
3 

43'. 
43'* 
43',* 
43'* 
43’ * 
24k» 
24S» 
24+8 
24S* 
24+« 
24» * 
9' » 
9'» 
9'/ 
9” i 
9' / 
9' » 
9' / 
9'» 
9' / 
52'* 
52'. 
52'* 
57'* 
52'* 
57'. 
52',* 
5 7 '. 
71’ . 
71'. 
21'* 
21'. 
5 5 *4 
55» . 
55+. 
5 5 '. 
55 C. 
55*. 
55+. 
28’ . 
78';. 
7 8'. 
78' + 
2 9'. 
78’/. 
26'. 
28'. 
78'. 
28'-. 
I6'>« lò -* 
16’ -* t*s» 
35*. 
35+. 
35*. 
35+. 
35*. 
35+. 
4J‘Xx 
4'JS* 
43’ « 
43+8 
43’ * 
43S» 
43’ » 
62S* 
62*1 
67S* 
62+» 
67S* 
67+» 

 la r Feb6o 

F P JullS 
E P OctIO 
F. P Ocf 15 
E P Jan 1o 
E P JanIS 
Wsl Un JultS 
Wst Un J ul» . 
W*t Un O tI 15 
Wst Un O c t» 
Wsl Un Jan 15 
Wst Un J a n7o 
W iw rih A ug » 
W lw rth Aug 25. 
W lw rth N o v » 
W lw rth NOv25 
W lw rth F eb » 
W tw rth Feb25 . 
T o ta l v o lunte 

37 1253 
8'/? 
5V. 
5+* ■ 2"» 
62H 
32 
469 13'» 
17* ? 12',? - Í ’/» 
62 H 
35 1472 
1"» 
7 
7 
— 7+;. 
62H 
5* 74o? 
4H 
3+8 
3+*-‘ 
)H 
62'» 
147 3689 
3’ # 
7H 
? ’ e 
IV* 
62H 
41 
545 1o’ ■* 
8 
S 
- 
3 
62'-» 
1 
78 16''* 16'.* 1 6 '/*- 3+* 
67H 
1 
11o 13 
13 
13 
- 
P? 
62+» 
14 
59o 1o'? 
» '/* 
8» /*- 3 '* 
62H 
84 
18'26 
5’ b 
3H 
3H 
2'» 
62’ / 
27 
749 
4 
3' » 
3 '/t~ 
1'8 
13V, 
147o1o4815 163 16 
'* 
' * 
1 3 '. 
15 
55 
44» 
4'» 
4'b 
H 
I3H 
973 44/o 
1. , 
+»7 )6- - 
'» 
13+» 
66 
39 
4H 
4'H 
4H 
13H 
425 
321 
1+» 
H 
H 
!3+» 
85 
S6 11'-» 1o'? 
1 1 '» - P» 
55 
27 
134 
6+* 
$ '? 
é 
- 
1+* 
55 
2*4 
478 
3” » 
2 
2 
- 
U . 
55 
UG1 
374 
P» 
+*13 16 
7 16 
55 
6 
94 
7';* 
6H 
1-V. 
55 
11 
2*2 
5 
3'? 
P? 
55 
38 
732215 1619 1619 l i 1 -13 
1655 
3 
4'» 
4>» 
4+8 
55 
1o 
7'? 
7’ J 
2'? 
55 
7 
4 
4’ » 
4+» 
4H 
' • 
14> , 
7o9 5o315 16 
' • 
H - 3 16 
U ' / 
14 
14 
5*» 
4H 
44» 
V* 
14 , 
121 2938 
H 
’* 
'/*-- 
' • 
U ' / 
2 
1 
4H 
4+* 
4V* — 
H 
14' , 

126 
36.77o 

731 15487 165 16 
7 
1o2 
2+-. 
2+* 
122 3514 
'*1 16 
* 
77 
3 
2+* 
774 26o65 16116 
7 
9 
3 
2+* 
99 
76*7-165-16 
191 
147 
2‘ . 
1+* 
429 2225 
>* 
'• 
119 
16« 
2+. 
2 '* 
323 15539 165 16 
16o 
127 
3+* 
7S» 
76 
+* 
'/» 

* * - 
2+4 + 1 16 
'* + 1 16 
3 
+11 6 
» *, .... 
3 
+ * - M 6 
2V* + 
V* 
V* - 1-16 
2H+- 
I* 
+ *-1 -1 4 
? ’* 
%. 

14’ 
17+4 
17+. 
17+. 
17+. 
17+. 
17+. 
21*. 
21+. 
71» . 
2I+. 
21+. 
21+. 
Open interes t 
243,91« 

 ip ü p p 

Poge 
1 2 -C______Son Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— Soturdoy Moy 2 8 1 9 7 7 

3 NEW STORE LOCATIONS 

/ (-'I'v v , ; 'A f c 
¥ kV 'o M v 
' ^ 
NOW THERE ARE 3 NEW STORE A 
LOCATIONS IN SAN ANTONIO FOR 
YOUR SHOPPING CONVENIENCE! 

High ba c k . In e x c iting c olors ! 

38 8 

 vinyl chaise lounge 

Multi-pos ition c ha is e with s turdy fra me & pa dde d he ^d re s t. Four e x c iting c olors ! sizzuais 

Proctor Silex ice cream freezer 

4-qt. electric model. 4oo7A. 
99 

 reg. 14 .97 

3-PIECE PATIO SET 

Ge nuine Ca lifornia re dwood. 2 -in. s toc k with two s ide 

 be nc he s . 

^ 
^«M4 97 

^another Quality Value from Globe! 

 if 

 im 

 z. In 

59 L . 
Sta y FfCf maxigidt IV 

I 2 S m 

Coup on good inru Ma y 28. 
W f m a s s e l l i 

 wik tMp m 

99 i 
Sea & Ski lotion/oil 

4 oÍ 
.5« <4 

■« 
Coup on good thru Ma y 28.19 27 

 v i i i m i i P 
' 

Wftll ceitieN 

99!. 
Colgate denta l crea m 

W ith fluoride . 
9-o^. s upe r s ue 

Coup on good thru Ma y 28. 1977 

 i» :« 4 m 

■ i 
Hi i i m 

1 

 ik lim tti' 
1* I n k 

 i.lH iil'l 
> • 

I-“ - 

79 
1 ta|.2.3i 
|D*J 
Joitnson*s ba by powder 
1 

24 o2 

Coup on good IMru Ma y 28. 1977 minmmm 

 m m m m 

 ilP K E S iiP B S 
1 jn 
- 
1 
* 
21!. i 
PicSuft 

J ' L 

Pre-Sun \ lotion 

4 o1 
è 
- m1 
» p Q i 
H 

W 

6 7 ^ . , 
Freon 
A/C coola nt 

For ma ny a ir condì- 
Honing uses. 

Coup on good m ru Ma y 28.19 77 

- 

 m 

. i i« (4 

 sT 

88^ 
WWWPm.1.88 
Ka da k11o8 ‘i d mcW rHni 

12-« xp osur« s 

Coup on good tiiru Ma y 28.19 77 
J ' L l i COUPON J ( 

88b» 
Sure deodora nt 

Scentediunsca nied 
Price includes 3o* off la p « 2 5o2. 

Coup on good thru Ma y 28.19 77 
J 'L H cou^Jn H i s 

Buy 4o a nd get 8 lor FREE! 
I T 
» ■ m. 11Í 
PoNdent denture ta bs 

4o a nin 8 lor Free! 

Coup on good thru Ma y 28. 1977 
« 

•M l 
. 
**SHS 

9 9 ^ * 
^ ^ 2.81 r . . 
Sta y Free i-; mini pa ds ^ 

48's, 
*« » :4 

■ m 

 i 

 i 
- i m i f 

J ' 

►' > t ' J . imi 

" J 

Coup on good thru Ma y 28, 1977 ii iit e w á 
' I ' M 
: - , 

19 

99!,. 
Listermint mouthwa sh 

24 o2 

■9’ 

 s.- i 

Coup on good thru Ma y 
28.19 77 l a 
H i w n f f 

79!, 
Oippity Do setting gel 

Reg /extra hold/ ba lsa m. 8 o2. 

 t--., t j' 

4« i4 

Ü « 
= - l l 

Burba sol 
# 

 r*8 .6 7 « 
3/M I 

Coup on good thru Ma y 28 1977 i V 
I i W i l P 

J s 

4< tt| 

Coup on good Ihru Ma y 28. 1977 m m w m 

Coup on good thru Ma y 28. 1977 

Colgáis 
[D toothbrushes ^ 

Medium/ha rd/solt, 1 i 
■ -• f JiJTifW 

- i 
67!.. i 
72- X 27-In. a ir ma ttress ^ 

For summer swim 
HhmM mmg tun. 

Coup on good thru Ma y 28, 1977. 

 l.coyp oN. } 'l J S 
E3 

• 315 SANTA ROSA 
• 4343 WEST COMMERCE 
• 238 MILITARY DRIVE 
• 49o2 FREDERICKSBURG 
• 7142 SAN PEDRO 
• 85o5 BROADWAY 

‘Chic’ home featured in Thousand Oaks 

Trees . . . trees . . . trees. 
You can plant them and you can replant them, but trees in their natural environ­ ment are something spe­ cial. That’s why Thousand 
Oaks is something special. 
Builders here built around them, between them, did ever­ ything they could to save them lor you so that you could come home to a home in a neighbor­ hood with the feeling oi warm country living that only trees can create. 
Finest cra ftsma nship 
Nestled among the gentle slopes of Thousand Oak'^ are some of the loveliest new' homes in San Antonio by builders who take pride in providing only the finest craftsmanship, quality and new ideas. 
Mike Hcholl, of M. A. Scholl 
Enterprises, is one of those builders. His homes present the feeling of “ now" — the contem­ porary life. His new home at 
1H7KI Ledge Creek is a perfect example of how young ideas and know-how combine to produce the bold, the dramatic, the un­ conventional flair for chic style and functional design. 
A frost('d-glass ('iitry door of art nouxeau design leads into the warm Saltillo-tiled foyer. 
Beyond, a tremendous family room with a glass wall over­ looking a patio deck dominates the lower level. A soaring ceiling with strip lighting for dramatic effects increases the feeling of space. 
A raised hearth and see- through fireplace separate the fam ily room from the living room which looks out into its 

T H O U S A N D O A K S hom e b y M ik e Scholl of M . A. Scholl Enterprises fe ature s the m ost striking o f contem porary stylin gs throu gh out 

 own walled garden. The kitchen and breakfast nook directly off the dining area are finished in warm autumn tones. Fine craft­ ed cabinets and wood trim are in natural stained pecan tones. 
Three large garden windows provide a mini-hothouse effect for growing herbs and potted plants. 
A master bedroom suite is tucked away on the lower le\el of the home. Spacious, tranquil, with large closets for storage, the room becomes a retreat from the busy work day. The master bath has a large sunken 

 shower and counter space with two lavabos and elegant wall covering to blend with the warm wood tones used throughout the home. 
A stairway to the second story and open gallery overlook the tremendous fam ily room and the outside deck below. Thi'(‘c bedrooms and a bath and a largt* space for a future bedroom or playroom mak(* this a home for your growing family. Storage is t‘V(‘rywhere. 
Binding these rooms together is a magnifictMit caramel-toned carpet. Deep and rich-textured, it, along with 

 many other accent ideas, make this a house you will want to own. 
Kitchen applianet's are by 
Magic Chef and include black glass self-cleaning o\(Mis. 'Fhe central heating and air condi­ tioning aie !)v Feddei’s, wilh an 
Knergy-Sa\ ing Hotar\ -Powci’ed 
('ompressor. The house' area has 
2,:i2o sq. ft, plus garag«' and storage of 3o4 s(j. ft. SaU's price is $7(5,7oo. 
This is just one of many mag- tiificent new homes ni Thousand 
Oaks. Others are by (ireat 
.America, 
Olmos 
Home 

Buildi'rs, ('lint Weilbacher, Vic­ tor Oeliler, Carlton (’hurch and 
IVtt'r Schinkt'r. 
(’ome and visit Thousand 
Oaks this wet'ktMid. Hcuik's are open for inspection from 1o a.m. luitil dark. 
U h ili' in till' iK'igliborhood, drop by and see Thousand Oaks 
Hac(juet (’lub, San Antonio's mosl outstanding tennis instal­ lation, wilh air conditioned in­ door and lighted outdoor courts, conipleie health club and Olym­ pic si/,(‘ outdoor })ool. Residents of Thousand Oaks have special privileges with memberships 

 open in cat(‘g(uMes to suit their budg('ls and lU't'ds. 
You'll sec* how convenient 
Thousand Oaks is to t(»lal shop­ ping; only minutes away an» the 
North Star and (’entral Park 
Malls, and downtown 12 minutes away with compU'tion of the new 
North Kxpresswiiy. ('hildrt'n of 
Thousand 
Oaks hav(‘ tht* advantages of the superior 
North lOast District schi»ols. 
Drive f).2 mih's north of N.W. 
Loop 41o on San Pedro Avtniue and turn right lo reach Tiiou- sand Oaks. Homes begin at 
$5o,ooo. 

NEW HOMES 
TOWNHOMES 
APARTMENTS 
T h e G 

San Antonio EXPRESS-N EW S— Saturday M ay 28 197 7 
Page 

COMMUNITIES 
FOR ALL KINDS 
OF LIFESTYLES 
LARGEST CLASSIFIED AND REAL ESTATE SECTION IN SOUTH TEXAS FOR MORE THAN 1 o o YEARS o I 

CLASSIFIED D IS PLA Y 
CLASSIFIED D IS PLA Y 
CLASSIFIED D ISPLAY q A S S I F l tD D ISPLA Y a A m n i D d w i a t - 
-ctÄ5$mnrm$Ft*T 
CXASSWirO OïfPlAV" 

SAVING STARTS 
AT HOME! 

 mbr 

 br4 

- 

 liv 

 kit 

 br2 br3 ent util 

 gar 

B r ia r W ic k 

"Bdsed on VA purchase price of S4o,9oo, no down paymunt and 36o monthly payments at 8 % annual ftnuncinq. 
Principal and Interust ..... 
. 
...... ....................... S3oo.2o 
Taxes .............................. ............................................. 
55,82 
(No) City Taxes.................... ....................................... 
-o- 
Insurance............................................. .......................... 
2o.98 
TOTAL MONTHLY PA Y M EN T ..................................$377.oo 

oo 

B r i A r w k k 
Loop 16o4 

J h 
^ O , 

 f£ l 
{QUâl HOUUNG 

★ S A V E on U T IL IT IE S . . . with the Briarwick 
Energy Package 
★ s a v e because NO C IT Y T A X ES means a lower monthly payment 
★ SAVE CO M M U T IN G TIM E . .. five minutes to North Loop 41o 
★ s a v e TIM E in the kitchen with a 
M IC R O W A V E O VEN 

4 9 4 -1 9 2 6 

Open daily until after dark. 

ST A N D A R D ! 

'Most plans. 
> 
[B LITTON loyol crest homes 
3818 Briarcresi • San Antonio, Texas 78247 

A New 
Northwest Community! 
M arsl ui l ^ ^ 

 b y 
R ay Elliso n 
/ 

An established neighborhood of fine honnes, 
Marshall Meadows reminds you of ttie way neigh­ borhoods used to be . . . and. at the same time, is the way you'd like your neighborhood to be today! 

KflF! 

THE a u r o r a 

 mbr 

 liv 

 dine 

 kit 

 t»r2 br3 ent 

‘Baswd on VA puiclu«.»; pnct* of S41,/oo, no {(own paynneiit ji kI 3Go monthly paymiitHs at 8"o annu.il tindncin;}. 
PitnciiKjl and Inturuii 
$3o6.oo 
Tjxyi 
72.oo 
<NoO C.ty Tuxc;;, 
o 
Insurancu 
_2Loa 
TOTAL MONTHLY PAYM{NT 
$399 oo 

■ u t i l ^ 

 g a r 

Here we're adding the finest. .. 
Ray Ellison homes! NOW U N D E R 
C O N ST RU C T IO N , are exciting new de­ signs and floor plans with the latest in­ novative features. The E X C L U S IV E 
E N E R G Y P A C K A G E and the famous 
Litton Microwave oven combining the conven­ ience of conventional and microwave cook­ ing in one self-cleaning unit. 
Standard! 
For information, call or visit the Wildwood 
Sales Office 681-3o2o 
... open daily until after dark. 
CB LITTON 

6 8 1 -3 o 2 o 

Marshall Meadows 

Ra y Elliso n Ho mes 
P.O. Box 525o San Antonio. Texas 782o1 

San Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— Saturday Mav 28 1977 
Sc otts wood a re a ope ning in Ca me lot 

K\cr notice a neighborhood so eye-catching and pleasant, from the moment you enter, that you feel the place deserves a name of its own? 
Hay Ellison felt the way about a new iieiuhborhood in the f'amelot area and decided to call it Scottswood. 
Emphasis on building 

The entrance monument, with the 
Scottswood name on it, hasn’t even completed yet because all the construction emphasis is on building new homes at the heart of the Scotls* uood imaKc. 
SlrikinM. contemporary designs — with soaring cathedral ceilings; fire­ places; spacious kitchens with the 

ClASSirilO DISPlAt 

 most, modern appliances, including microwave cooking; and a whole array of other features — make this new neighborhood so tjnique. 
Scottswood. like Camelot itself, is outside the city limits, offering econo­ mic advantages from the outset in terms of no city taxes. Despite the ab­ sence of city taxes, Scottswood is lo­ cated with ideal proximity to the mag­ nificent Windsor Park Mall and many large supermarkets, drug stores and specialty shops established in the area. 
Another “ bonus” that comes as standard with the vScottswood life style is the nearness of excellent schoids which cover the whole range, from grade school through high school, where the emphasis is on educational excellence and \aried extracurricular activities which encourage leadership. 
MSPiiV euiitntb bit^iAY 

 social adjustment and -initialive. 
Energy-saving packages in each Hay 
Ellison home are designed to save up to *3 or even more on utility costs. The 
Ellison energy package includes extra wall and celling insulation which ex­ ceeds VA/FHA standards; double-pane windows: special caulking and interlocking thresholds around win­ dows and doors; power attic ventila­ tors; and energy-efficient central air conditioning and heating systems. 
Quality is the keynote for Hay E l­ lison’s diverse model selection in 
Scottswood, featuring attractive brick exteriors, professional landscaping, privacy fencing and patios perfect for weekend barbecues. Interiors are highlighted by carpeting, decorator wall fabrics, all-electric kitchens with microwave ovens and woodburning 
EiiBPHTBiPlI? ------- 

Scottswood is the kind of neighborhood that de­ serves a name of its own, although it is located in the Camelot area. Home seekers who wish to visit 

 this new community will find information at the 
Camelot sales office on New World Drive. 

 c iA is in io 

 fireplaces as standard in many models. 
.Another very important plus for homebuyers who previously have run into developers who left them “ high and dry’’ after the close of the sale is 
Ray Ellison’s extraordinary customer service operation in which Ellison representatives are fully responsive to 
WiPlAV---------- 

 buyer needs for a full year following the purchase of a new Ray Ellison home. 

Military commuters will find Scotts­ wood located squarely between Fort 
Sam Houston and Randolph A FB and with easy access to the N.E. IH 35 
Expressway, which gives a direct shot 

 downtown and the pleasures of San 
•Antonio. 
Model homes for the Scottswood neighborhood may be expk»red at the sales office daily at 823o New World 
Dr. in Camelot. Simply take N.E. Ill 35 to Walzem Road, turn east, go past 
Windsor Park Mall and follow the signs to New World Drive. cUillPtkf» Difeuv 
CLASSintD D IS P tA t 
CLASSIFiiO DISPLAY 
CLASSIFIED DISPLAY 

Sometimes a Neighborhood is so nice that it deserves a name of its own... 
Introducing: 

TH E v i s t a ' 

— 

 brhfst 

"’ kit : 

L . H 

 dine 

 fam 

I 

 ndir 

" T h 

' li- 
_ d 

 b ' 
' d 

Iir2 

 liv entry 

'Bu-jfO on V A piiichdsf once of S42,boo, no clown payment and 3(3o I'iio jl monthly payment!, at B u annual financniy. 

Principal and IntereM . 
,S31 1.9b 
Ta*t*!. ..... .......................................... 
G l,BO iNoO Cny Ta*e' ................................. 
o- 
Insurance......................................... 
? 1 ?b 
1 o TA L M O N IH L Y P A Y M L N T . ,S39b.OO 

Uti l 

 br3 

 gar 

We feel that SCO TTSW O O D is s o ; ^ | special that it deserves not only a name o f its own, but its own entryway as well! 
We have the plans and will start construction o f this beautiful entry soon. 
However, you don’t have to wait, several new homes are now com plete in SCOTTSW OOD! 

These are the finest luxury homes with fireplaces, beamed cathedral ceilings, fine carpeting, indoor utility room s, large master suites, modern kitchens which in­ clude CB LITTON 
MICROWAVE 

T h e a u r o r a 

 mbr 

 br4 

 i I d \ I— 

.g I 
. 

- n - - 

 liv 

 r 

 dina 

 k it 

 br2 br3 ant 

$39 5 mo: 

OPEN DAILY UNTIL AFTER DARK. 
Camelot 

OVENS 
Visit the Cam elot Sales 
Office for information and directions to the new 
SCOTTSW OOD! 

• Based on V A purchase price of $39,95o, no down payment and 36o equal m onthly payments at 8 % annual financing. 

Principal and Interest 
...........$293.6o 

Taxes 
............... 
58.4o 
(N o !) City Taxes. .............................. 
O- 
Insurance 
................. 
2o.oo 
TO TA L M O N TH L Y P A Y M E N T ...5372.oo 

 irtdU 

' Most plans include the Litton Microwave oven. Tlie convenience of conventional and microwave cooking in one self-cleaning unit! 

• NO DOWN AND NO CLOSING COSTS, VA 
• NO CITY TAXES MEANS LOWER MONTHLY PAYMENTS 

• N EA R W IM DSOR 
P A RK M A LL 

• N EIG H BO RH O O D 
SW IM M ING POOL 
• AND TEN N IS CO URTS 

• NORTH EAST SCHO O LS 
Ray Ellison Homes 
P.O. Box 525o San Antonio, T«xa$ 782o1 

$372 mof 

6 55-4 1 2 3 l à 

 mm 
Timber Ridg e ho mes ha v e hidden v a lues 

Son Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— Saturday Moy 28 19 77 

The newly fo unded Hidden 
Va lue Ho mes Co rp. ha s cho sen this weekend to intro duce a n ex citing series o f new ho mes in 
Timber Ridg e, a n a menity - lo a ded a rea co nv eniently , ser- enly situa ted in no rthwestern 
Bex a r Co unty . 
Hidden Va lue Ho mes is a na me which likely seem s fa milia r. Fo r y ea rs in Sa n An­ to nio , it serv ed a s the tra dema rk fo r new ho mes built by ma ster cra ftsma n K. H. “ Co tto n” J a r- o szewski. 
The tra ditidn o f Hiddo n Va lue is iin- 

CLASSIFIID DISPLAY 
CIASSIFIID DISPLAY 

 plied in its name alone. Cotton, who in 
I9H3 was named “ Builder of the Y e a r" by the (ire a te r San Antonio liu ild ers 
A sso c ia tio n , b u ilt hom es of m a n y v alues which w« >re “ hidden" — or in- 
\ isible — to the a v erage buy er of n<‘w houses. 
Kollowing in the footsteps of Cotton is his son Ronnie, who founded Hidden 
V a lue Hom es ta irp . in m em o ry and honor of his fa ther. His corporation Is to follow the tra dition of hidden v alues. 
It is, a fter a ll, a prov en form ula for both the builder and buy er. 
.Among these h id d en v a lu es a re m a x im a l insulation in both walls and c t'ilm g; power x en tila to rs in a ttic s; 
IH-inch on-c enter stud c onstruc tion; and strong foundations. ' 
Values so ob\ious to the buy ers in­ clude handsomely rugged ex teriors of 

 lith per c ent m a sonry ; w a ll-to -w a ll c a rpeting of KtO per cent ny lon; pro­ fessional, custom dec ora tion; custom d esigned fire p la c e s; v a u lte d a nd bea m ed c e ilin g s; step-dow n liv in g rooms; c era m ic tih* showers and tubs in baths; stainless steel stov es; and, in kitchens, dishwashers, disposers, v ent hoods and c e ilin g s w ith rec essed lighting. 
H id d e n V a lu e hom es in T im b e r 
Ridge ra nge, in price, from $3H,ooo to 
$4 o.(1 o(1; in si/e. from l.JOO to 1,ooo .sq. ft. IMans are designed for total liv ing area with no wasted floor sfiace. 
'I'im bt'r Ridge, most easily found off 
('ulebra Road north of N.W . Loop 41o, boasts an a m enity area encompassing a sw im m in g pool, rec rea tion c enter and tennis courts. The c om m unity is within the Northside Schoid D istric t. 

TIMBER RIDGE c om m unity in n o rth w e ste rn B e x a r C ounty opens Hidden V a lu e hom es 

The y ounger .la ro s/ew sk i holds a 
, T im ber Ridge is reaclu-d most i-asilv degree in m a rk e tin g and has bemi 
' ‘“biting Iro m X .U . Loop 4U i to b u ild in g houses for a to ta l ot nine 
^ proceeding outside the y ears, sev en of which he spent with hia father and two bv him self. 

 which has proposed to loc a le an ele- meuta ry school in (he neighborhood. 

CLAS 
CLASSI H I D DI SPLAY 

Hiddt'ii Va lue akso is building in the nearby Oaks of T im b e r Ridge. 

CLASSI FltD DI SPLAY 
C LA SSiritD D I SP LA Y 
£ L A S S ir it D D I SP L A Y 

Loop past In g ra m Hoa d until itn m a rki'd entioncewa> can be seen 

C L A S S irifD D I SP L A Y 

HIDDEN VALUE 
HOMES 
PRESENTS 

« BEITEST 

EIBTB 

/ 
/ / 

/ 
/ / 
/ / 
/ 
/ 

/ / 
/ 
/ 
/ 

/ 

/ / 

•SPECTACULAR! 
HIDDEN VALUE HOMES OFFER THE 
GREATEST VALUES ON EARTH! ! STUPENDOUS! UNSURPASS­ 
ED 
QUALITY 
CONSTRUCTION! 
STRONG 
ENOUGH 
TO 
UPHOLD A QUALITY NAME IN HOME BUILDING FOR FIFTEEN 
YEARS. AND STRONG ENOUGH TO WITHSTAND THE TEST OF 
A 4,ooo LB. ELEPHANT. HIDDEN VALUE HOMES FEATURE 
ENERGY-SAVING CONSTRUCTION, ALL FINEST MATERIALS, 
AND 1oo% MASONRY. 
HIDDEN VALUE HOMES AND TIMBER RIDGE-THE BEST 

COMBINATION POSSIBLE. LOCATED 2' h MIN. NORTH OF LOOP 41o 
ON CULEBRA, TIMBER RIDGE OFFERS A PRIVATE, TENNIS, SWIM, AND 
RECREATION CENTER, FUTURE ELEMENTARY SCHOOL SITE, AND IT’S 
CLOSE TO THE PROPOSED NEW MALL, UTSA, USAA, & THE MEDICAL 
CENTER. 
COME OUT THIS WEEKEND FOR THE GREATEST SHOW OF HOME 
VALUES O N EARTH. AND SEE ELEPHANTS DANCING O N THÉ ROOF 
TOPS! 
HIDDEN VALUE HOMES WITH PROVEN QUALITY & STRENGTH! 

UTSA 

USAA 

MfcDICAU 
\CENTER 

TIMBER y a 
RIDGE 
YIALL 

■ F E D O E R S 
■■B 
IM 
Cwkiitnii 

 f ëÂ W t m a 
TimBER MDCE ^ 

For Information Coll: 
684-1577 
344-8585 

/ t f c k t i l / A Y \ k i â i l l / / i s l k t i i i / i â 
I I i i / i Y à i ( U I A / / 

B U IL D E R S 

GREAT A M E R IC A 

C O N ST R U C T IO N CO 

O L M O $ H O M E BUILDERS 

CLINT W EILBA CH ER 

V IC TO R OEHLER niOIISANI) 
OAKS 

C A R LT O N C HU RCH 

PETER 
C H IN K ER 

M A. SCHOLL ENTERPRISES 

San Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— Saturday May 28 1977 
CLASSIHfP DISPLAY 
CLASSIHFP DISPLAY c i A s s m ì o - d i s p l a y 
Wilson Gardens opens 
A Sitterle Ho me In 
Oak Meado w...Yo ur 
Key To A New Life. 

Wilson Gardens West, a recent ex clu siv e res i­ dential are a of g ard e n homes bu ilt by dev eloper 
Ben Wilson, will open eight completed models this weekend. 
The models, as striking as they are, merely serv e as ex amples of the kind of qu ality for which Wil­ son is kf 
^ n The com ­ pleted garden homes also are for s a k and priced from the lo w $HOs. 
4'J >ites 
Wilson 
• rs 43 home- sites in tree-filled com mu n which he will cu 
,/e g a r d e n homes I 
*>u y ers. All are dess i minimal mainten 
. md placed on lots which wou ld r e ­ qu ire the same 
These g ard e n h o m e s contain 
¡any amenities, and Wi! 
•*< has ta ken cau tion not to ov erlook any del. u the cu stom qu ality 
>t these homes s u pe r bh bu ilt for this price ran * 
Eight distinctiv e floor plans ar 
<»; display in 
Wilson ( 
West this weekend 
Each is ploeed in a priv at liea' , U wooded cu l-d< sat s e t t i n g and featu ri a j • . : v patio; hence tin riant» “ garden homes 
Among the distinctiv e­ ly diffei < 
< nor plans is one ofit nr, ’ something 

The location of Wilson 
Gardens West is conv en­ ient to N.W. IH 1ft and 
N.W. Loop 41ft; so, it is also close to n u m erou s major destination points su ch as the Sou th Tev as 
Medical Center, USAA and UTSA. T he y ou ng area is in the Nortbside 
School District. 
Wilson specializes in cu stom constru ction and ex clu siv e designs For 12 y ears, he cu s to m bu ilt h om e s in s u bu r ba n 
Windcrest, 
Wilson G a r d e n s , a n ­ other area dev eloped by 
Wilson, f e a t u re s two co m pleted m o d e ls of l a rg e r g a r d e n h o m e s priced from the low' $9 fts and also bu ilt by the m a s t e r c r a f t s m a n . It opened ju st a week ago at the northwest corner of 
Vance Jackson Hoad and 
C a lla g h an Hoad on a cu l-de-sac called Cork 
Cov e. 
The more recent com ­ mu nity , Wilson Gardens 
West, is nearby and is reached most easily by - ex iting from N.W. Loop 
41ft to V ance J a c ks o n 
Road, driv in g north to 
Callaghan Road, tu rning left and going on to Stone­ hav en 
Driv e. 
A tu rn right to Stonehav en Driv e leads to Whitson Driv e, entrance road to Wilson 
G a r d e n s West g a r d e n homes. 

Jo in the Sitterle Wo rld i o f Better Liv ing in 
Oak Meado w 

Combine the finest contemporary styling with Sitterle craftsmanship and you have the best home buy in San Antonio 
Oak Meadow , close to everything yet free of city taxes— this m eans convenience. quality and econom y for you 
Oak M eadow — there is only one. 
Experience the total livability of Sitterle s newest creation — Oak M eadow 

W ILSO N G A RD EN S W EST garden hom es opening this w eekend 

 u niqu e to San Antonio: two m a s t e r be d ro o m s , each with its own fu ll bath, to m a ke an as- to u ndingly spa c io u s 

 two be d r o o m , 2 bath residence. 
O ther f e a tu re s m odeled this w eekend are ex ceptionally large 

 dining and single liv ing areas; open, ev en breezy designs; a wet bar and fireplace in each liv ing area; and comprehensiv e 

 energy -sav ing c o n s tru c ­ tion Each is pre-wired for a u t o m a t i c g a r a g e door opener and bu rglar alarm. 
Oak Meado w Features 

• Excitin g n e w flo o r p la n s 

• En e rg y-sa vin g in su la tio n 

• Prime N o rth e a st lo ca tio n 

• No city ta xe s 
• Sitte rle q u a lity — th e 

 u ltim a te in Sa n A n to n io 

ClASSlUfD DISPLAY 
D ISP L A Y 
CLASSIFIED DISPLAY 

AND 4 BEDROOMS 
Century 21 agents from San Antonio who attended the “Three-Day Extravaganza” recently held in Houston are, back, from left, Harold Mortis, Loyd W akefield, Ron 
W akefield, J. C. Clay, Ron Hoover, Jim Glascock; middle, same order, Peggy 
Russell, Elaine Ludwig, Shirley Huddleston, Ginger Jenson, Lea Redford; and, bottom, same, Frank Benton, Debbie Offer, Vikki W akefield, Pat Silva and Jean 
Foley. 

*3 3 ,6 5 o to *3 6 ,o o o 
8 % V A Financing 
FHA & Conv. A v a ila b le 

,W9MX«U«o 
V, 1MPÏWÎ, 

NORTHSIOE SCH O O LS 3 ELKS FROM 
ELEMENTARY & CLOSE TO HOLMES 
HIGH & SUL ROSS JR 
HIGH — FEA 
TURING 
• 2 Boths • Custom Cabinets • Central 
Heat & Air • Lots OF Closet Space • 
High On A Hill 
Century 2 J agents attend extravaganza 
O p e n 1o A M Til D ark 
H„P. ORTS CONSTRUCTION 
Sotes Oft: 6oo3 White Cloud 
6 84 .1 3 86 

Realtors and salt's as- joined hu ndreds of affi- sociates of the San An- liated r e pr e s e n t a t i v e s tonio Cou ncil of Centu ry from Sou th T e x a s and 
21 Real Estate Corp. of Lou isiana for a “ Region- 
T ex as 
Inc. r e c e n tly a l 
E x t r a v a g a n z a ” in 
CTKSvfud display f Hou ston. 

Ev ents open for parti­ cipation were m a n a g e ­ ment and sales seminars, a brokers’ institu te, golf and tennis tou rnaments, a Regional Cou ncil meet­ ing, athletic competition between cou ncils, a cocktail party and a fa­ mily picnic of barbecu e, c o m ple t e with liv e cou ntry and western m u ­ sic. P a r tic ipa n ts cam e from su ch remote cities as Brownsv ille, Corpu s 
Christi, Baton Rou ge and 
New Orleans. 
W inner 
One 
San 
Antonio broker, Ja m es Glascock of C e n tu ry 21 J a m e s 
Glascock & Associates, won second place in the s in g l e s te n n is t o u r n a ­ ment . 

The general theme of the m anagem ent sem in­ ar was C e n tu r y 21 ’s 
“ serv ice to the pu blic to­ day and t o m o r r o w . ” 
Qu estions addressed at this u niqu e management seminar pertained to the needs of the pu blic in 
19 8o. Topics cov ered in­ clu de d ev e lo pin g c o m ­ pu ters to do real estate w o rklo a d s; fig u ri n g bu y ers costs; conv ersion of agents to employ es for m o re control to be t te r serv e the pu blic; adv an­ tages of gu aranteed sale and bu y bac k agree- m e n ts ; c h a n g i n g m a n ­ agement responsibilities; more effectiv e referral pr o g r a m s ; a d v e r t i s i n g policies of the fu tu re; and other topics in the inter­ est of serv ing the home bu y ing and selling pu b- 

CLAS5IFIID DISPLAY 
MARKETED EXCLUSIVELY 
By WAIT CORNELIUS 
828-6343 

• m t t m m 
This Ne w Home 
Costs Less Than 
TH O U SA ND OAKS 

W e built around them, between them, did every­ thing we could to save them so that you could live sur­ rounded by them. M.A. Scholl Enterprises has built this contemporary home with unconventional flair for chic style and functional design. 

I’m Buddy Burns. An d I'd like to 
B m j M | m m | ^ m shed so me buht on vour o ld ho me It ll'lifr 
NilfiS y°ur h()rnc ls j B H s y ears o ld 
B -T 
"r o lder, 
B chances 
B j 
^ ® it's o bso lete 
¥ 
That's right, y o b so lete Be 
.« iS cause at the 
\ jfijM time y o ur 
SfrSfa v. ho me was 
■§ *' 4 
' WWBB built, there were v irtually no energy effi­ ciency standards. As a result, many San Anto nians are faced with utility bills that may so o n ex ceed their ho use pay ments' 

W hy NOW Is The Time To Buy . 
Let’s lo o k at the facts. Since y o u inv ested in y o ur ho me a few y ears ago , two things hav e hap­ pened Fo r o ne, y o u’v e been making ho use pay ments fo r sev ­ eral y ears, so y o ur e q u ity has gro wn To o , since the co st o f building a new ho me has stead­ ily increased, the co st o f rep la c­ in g y o ur ho me has increased 
BUT, because y o ur o ld ho me isn’t energy efficient, it wastes v aluable energy . And believ e it o r no t ho meo wners aro und the co untry are actually beginning to lo se mo ney when they sell their o lder ho mes. Because no ­ 

 bo dy wants to buy a ho me where the co st o f heating and co o ling ex ceeds the mo nthly pay ments 
My adv ice is this With the mo ney y o u can make by selling y o ur o ld ho me right no w, y o u ca n p rn h a b lv m a k e th e d o w n p a ym en t a n d m o ve in to a n ew' 
Bu rn s Co Po wer S a ver" h o m e to d a y. And, while v o ur ho use pay ments may he a little higher, the lo wer utility hills sho uld easily o ffset the difference The o nly thing y o u t a n t affo rd to do is wait much lo nger 

 mg and cabinetry , and wo o d burning fireplaces Big, bright 
“ wife sav er’’ kitchens, with 
General Electric appliances and plenty o f cabinet sto rage Lux u­ rio us baths with marble v anities and full size tubs And elegant master suites, with walk-tn clo sets and separate dressing areas Priced fro m $4 6 ,o o o to 
$6 6 ,o o o Fo r additio nal info rma­ tio n, call the area sales o ffice 
{see map!, o r v o ur realto r Re­ member, the lo nger y o u wait, the mo re y o u stand to |t» c 
PATIO 

NOOK 
1671o Ledge 
Creek 
Price; *7 6 ,7 oo 
$q. Ft.; 232o 

• THOUSAND OAKS RACQUET CLU8 

INDOOR AND OUTDOOR COURTS 

DINING 
ROOM 
FAMILY ROOM 

MASTER 
BEDROOM 

LIVING ROOM 

2 CAR GARAGE 

Co me See My Ho mes To day . 
Take a few minutes this after­ no o n to see mv new Po wer 
Sav er‘ hom es m Hidden Fo rest and T he Great No rthwest 
Yo u'll sec handso me liv ing areas, with plush deep pile carpet, furniture-finished panel 

 garden 

 m i u u- c a 

• H O H KEUI SütOOl DBTBtG 

OPEN TO BELOW 
BEDROOM 
#2 
• $ «MUTES TO TOTAL SHOPPING AT 
NORTH STAR MALL 
Keith 
D e G re e n , a lawy er from Cincinnati, gav e a presentation abou t 
“The Three Key s to Su c­ c e s s ” du rin g the sales sem ina r: “ F irs t, w e’v e got to know where we’re going and set effectiv e goals. Second, we’v e got to get there and hav e a plan of action. T h ird , we'v e got to believ e we’ll arriv e and hav e faith in ou rselv es.” 
Centu ry 21. the largest real e s tate netw o rk in 
N orth 
A m e r i c a w ith n e a r ly 
4,ooo offices th r o u g h o u t th e United 
States and Canada, has long recognized its r e ­ sponsibility as a leader in the indu stry . 
Centu ry 21 has 29 local offices leading the way in 
San 
Antonio to be 
“ n e i g h bo rh o o d pr o f e s ­ sionals” helping u ith all real estate needs. 

Power Savir If * Model H om i dt 
HTo6 Timberwtldc m The 
I f . 
Great Northwest 
BEDROOM 
#3 
FUTURE BEDROOM 
#5 
• PRICES EE6INAT $5o,ooo, OPEN KM» 
Ait. UNTIL DARK 

BEDROOM #4 

SECOND FLOOR 

TMOUfâMe OM« 

5,2 miles north of loop 4 1o on Son Pedro 

 m iK CREEE 

Northwest Bexar County Fastest Growing Community 

All city conveniences 
No city taxes 

W. R. Craig Co. pre­ sents this home at at 
2134 James Bonham 
Dr. in Thunderbird 
Hills as example of ? the firm’s top quality, 

I-------------- If. 

This might be your only opportunity to purchase a 
Twin Creek home. U # S HOM ES are designed for residents who appreciate the finer things in life. 
Each home will have quick access to South Texas largest indoor shopping center, INGRAM M ALL 
Twin Creek is a "total community." Clubhouse with fully equipped kitchen; swimming pool; wading pool; tennis courts; complete playground. 
TW IN 
CREEK offers 
6 fully furnished, pro­ fessionally decorated models. 

Special financing available on selected addresses. 

■ 1 n 
' X 

W h y R ent? 

W h e n you could b e build ing the biggest 

Savings Account o f you r life! 

H om es m o d e rn fa m i l i e s 

 a re l o o k i n g fo r to d a y . 

★ 
Extra spacious living - family area 
★ 
Twin sliding doors to wrap around patio 
★ 
Serve-thru kitchen 
★ 
Box window at dinette 
★ 
Master bedroom with dressing room and sliding glass doors 
★ Two full ceramic tile baths 
★ 
Furniture finished cabinetry 
★ 
1oo% brick exterior 
★ 
Full energy-saving features 
★ 
Over-engineered air conditioning 

 m m rn 

 im m 

 m m 

CONST. CO. 
OPEN HOUSES IN 
THUNDERBIRD HILLS 

62o6 Uttl. Niwn-.4 Mraom 
1 story $43.2oo 
6214 Deer Skin...3 bedroom .......... 1 story $45,625 
6218 Deer Skin...3 bedroom 
1 story $52,275 
2138 JamesBonham...4 bedroom . . . 1 story $3o,ooo 
2134 James Bonhom...3 bedroom ... 1 story $29,9oo 
2118 James Bonhom...3 bedroom . . . 1 story $29,9oo 

62o7 Door Skin..J bodroom 
I story $47^oo 
21o6 Jomos Bonham...3 bodroom. . . I story $29,2oo and In 
FOREST OAKS ESTATES 

T a k e E v e rs Rd. a n d R ight an Fo re st P in e, 
Turn le ft to C ro w n p ie c e . 

73o7 Crown Piece...3 br/split level ............ $52,5oo 

73o3 Crown Piece...4 br/split level................ $56,ooo 
WI LL C U S T O M BUI LD 

C ra i g Co. 

 bui l ds best 

 i n 2 areas 

STORAGf 

V.A., FHA. A CONV. 
Financing Available 
[3 LITTON 

 ifCf. 
1o 

-ir" 
Il— 
1o’Tü Dusk 
68 4 *o 8 1 o 

Humes by veleran builder VV. li. ('rai^ vvil! hi' fealuri'd this weekend in two preferred residen­ tial areas of the nortli- western San Antonio vi- eiriity. 
A long-time favorite for 
San 
Antonio home buyers. 
Thunderbird 
Hills is a community well situated and quite estab­ lished in the near north­ western quadrant of San 
Antonio, even with Loop 
41o. Forest Oaks Estates, in the lA'on Valh'y area, is more recent but boasts many advantageous fea­ tures. 
Top q u a lity 

The top qualit.v homes by master craftsm an 
Craig have Ikm'h popular with buyers for mor<‘ than 25 y<‘ars now. .So es­ tablished is Thunderbird 
Hills that, for some 15 

~ ClASSibfO DISPLAY 

*37,5oo 
To 
oo 

MffAYIMO 

C O O iIN G 

A NAM E YOU CAN 
FEEL COMFORTABLE WITH 

Furnished 
Models Open 
Daily 9-9 
681-1111 

TOTAL 
MOVE-IN 
V. A. 
CONVENTIONAL 
FINANCING 
5% DOWN 

*44,95o 

E.H. “ COTTON” 
JAROSZEWSKI 
SAME GREAT 
QUALITY 
FOR OVER 
3o YEARS! 

Exit Loop 41o at Bandera Road. Proceed ’A mile north to Grissom Road (FM 47 1) and turn left. Go 1 mile to TW IN CREEK. 

 us-Home 

 i» 

Listed on the N ew York Stock Exchange 

WORTH COMING HOME TO 

• 
Masonry Exteriors 
• 
Professionolly Decorated Interiors 
• 
Quality Paneling and W ood Cobinets 
• 
Woodbuming Fireplaces 
• 
Extra insulation 
• 
Finished Garages 
• 
No High City Taxes 
• 
Convenient to Expressways 
• 
Judson ISD 

VA-FHA-CONVENTIONAL 
FINANCING AVAIL. 
SALES OFFICE 
48 23 MICHAEL COLLINS DR. 
PRICED FROM 
»36,9 oo to »38 ,4oo 

"Hidden Value” homes are located four blocks behind the Springfield Mar»or Apts, in the 
Springfield Manor Subdivision in the city of 
Kirby. 

Presents 

HIDDEN VALUE HOMES 

W.SÎ** 

V M o g i c C h e f 

FEDDERS CENTRAL 
HEAT and AIR 

Believ e It o r Not! 
T HE BEMBENS BEL IEVE! 

JOHN AND DARLENE BEW\BEN 
MOVED INTO THEIR NEW RAY ELLISO N HOME 
IN W/ILOWOOD ON MARCH 3o,1977. BEING A 
SALES REPRESENTATIVE FOR HONEYWELL, IN C., 
JOHN BELIEV ES THAT A LL CLAIM S OF PRODUCT 
EXCELLENCE SHOULD BE MADE TO STAND UP UNDER 
SCI6NTIFIC SCRUTINV. 5o HE INSTALLED A 
CONTINUOUS TEMPERATURE MEASURING DEVICE TO 
TEST THE EFFECTIVENESS OF THE 
ELLISON ENERGY PACKAGE. 

OARL£ NE WJD JOHN BEtABEN of 5on Antonio,Tx. 

THE DEVICE RECORDED INSIDE TEMPERATURE ON A 24-HOUR 
BASIS OVER A FOUR-WEEK PERIOD IN A PRIL. D ESPUE 

O U T S I D E tem peratures CONSISTENTLY IN THE M|D CO's, THE 
INSIDE’ TEMPERATURE NEVBR Ro6T 
ABOhlB '»• ...W ITHOUT 
A IR CC»4DtTlONIN6i 

THE REAL PROOF WAS EVIDENT WITH THEIR APRIL UTLITY 
BILL 
CHARGEi» FO R GAS AND ELECTRICITY FOR the fo ur w eek s 
OF APRIL TO TALED EXACTLY $25.oo/ 
JOHN AND DARLENE EENlBiN r„\ 
. 
KNOW THAT THE ELLtSO N 
4&I t 
ENERG Y PACKAGE IS f=OR REA L.' DOUBLE-WE 
WINDCiWS,POWER ATTIC VENTILATOR. 
1o" OF INSULATION IN THE CEILING, 
_ jy j'IN THE WALLS, SPECIAL 
CAUUING AND SEALANT AND in terlo c k in g t h r esh o ld s... 
ADD UP TO A DYNAMIC COMBINATION 
—,----DESIGNED TO SA VE ENERÓV AND DOLLARS.' 

OPEN DAILY until ARER DARK 

68 1-3o2o 
THE AURORA 
$4o ,o o o (VA P u r c h a s e PRice') 
AVAILABLE TODAY IN WILDWOOD/ 

PO.BOX5 2 S’o *5 AN ANTONIO.a y Elliso n Ho mes 

. TH XAS 
7 o2o1 

 fOUAt MOUSIIK, ommuni'f 

 ypars, San Antonians havo t'nntiniiod to make it their home address. Its lueation within Lftop 41o. of emirse, puts it close to all shunning facilities, entertainment sites, ehundies and preferred 
Northside 
D istriet sehools. 
Thunderbird Hills also is Im'ated atop a hilly ar­ ea of San Antonio; so, many homes here boast 
\iews that extend even for miles. Native trees have been ket»t to en- banee the homesites and the striking ilesigns of tlie new’ bous«‘s. 
The location of Thun­ derbird Hills is nearly equi distant from major employment centers like the South Texas Meilieal 
Center and K elly and 
Laekiand A FB s. This good proximity has made the neighborhood extre- 
!uely popular with m ili­ tary and civilian buyers alike. 
Accordingly, resale values have remaiiu'd high and still are increasing. 
Korf'st Oaks Hstales is especially close t<‘ the 
South Texas Mt‘dieal 
('«‘uter and yields t'asy access t«» UTS.A or CSAA. 
Its Leon Valley location also means lower pro­ perty taxes than San An­ tonio’s and good proxi­ mity to the many shop­ ping facilities reached with great ease via N.W. 
Loop 41o, readily acces­ sible from the area. 
(.Taig’s homes have been potnilar in both ar­ eas. .Inst ofu* of the rea­ sons has been thfi good selection of floor plans and di'signs the veleran builder ulway.s has of­ fered. 
All homes are 1oo per cent masonry with im ­ pressive faeadi‘s, walk­ ways and courtyards. 
Terra/o <‘iitries, shag or sculptured nylon carpet­ ing in living and dining areas as well as in the hallways, finished gar­ ages, covered patios and backyards fenced with cedar are some of the 
.standards other builders would call "extras.” 
Color-eoordinaled kit­ chens are fully eijuipped with Magic (’hef ranges with self-cleaning ovens, dishwashers, disposers and vent hiMwls. Intercom systems make these homes easier to live in. 
As well, luxury details are included in baths. 
The homes are energy savers with thermo glass in all windows and patio doors. Feddi'rs rotary compressor units are used for air eoitioning. 
The full masonry homi‘s are insulated with the finest of materials. 
Thunderliird H ills i.s reached most easily by exiting from N.W. Loop 
41o to Ingram Road and proceeding inside the 
Loop to Oak Hills Drive. 
Forest Oaks Estates is reached most easily by exiling from N.W. Loop 
41o to Evers Hoad and proceeding north to For­ est Pine. 

Specialist 

Von wouldn’t hire an 
('icetrieian to repair your iH'ating system, nor a ear|)t>iiler to install a new boiler. Modern techno­ logy in each field of seieriee and industry is now so complex, slat<‘s the 
Better 
Heating- 
Cooling Council, that the 
“ generalist” (formerly known as a jack of all trades) can waste expen­ sive hours by the old 
"trial and error” meth­ od. A properly trained heating contractor with solid experience behind him can quickly appraise your heating needs witli- out making costiy mis­ takes at your expense. 
Especially is this true of the new iieal pumps, where each brand has Us own special circuitry. If you have one of these modern ’‘miracles" that needs to be repaired, be sure the man you call has been specifically trained in .servicing that brand. 
Such units operate under stringent specifications of temperature and pres­ sure, and the mechanic must know the charac­ teristics of your model. 

San Antonio EXPRESS>NEWS -Saturday May 28 1977 

Plus Homes in Blossom 
Park shown 

Plus Homes in Blossom Park are the 
“ brainchilds” of the experienced, estab­ lished Garrett Brothers building-developing firm well known to the San Antonio area. 
This affordable series of housing can be 

 seen this weekend by driving north of N.W. 
Loop 41o on San Pedro Avenue to Bitters 
Road, turning right, turning left onto 
Jones-Maltsberger Road and turning right again to Starcrest Drive. 

“ Plu s H om es.” by 
G arrett Brothers, com­ prise a series of houses much in demand these days. .\s well. Blossom 
F’urk. where the Plus 
Homes are of!(>red. is a neighbor hood much soiij,dit after by modern fam ilies Mho want the most in Mhulesome liv ­ ing 
G arrett B n iih ers. a firm winch justly enjoys a reputation for (lualily construction, put to- getln-r a form ula to produce a fine home mo­ dem families can afford and most d efinitely would want to buy. Of course, a lot of exper- lem-e and a great deal of expertise Ment behind the plans for a series of tht'se kind of houses. The de- sIgners-bu i 1 d r s ev c*n came U{» with muc-h untre than just a basic house, so. their brainchilds are aptly called 
“ f'lus 
Ihtrnes.” 
Available fhtis Homes meet the need f»ir lower prii'etl housing w h ih ‘, at the same tim e, offering a number of “ extras” most modern fam ilies really want in new homes. 
Garrett Brothers built the innovative series m 
Pdossom P a rk , where higher pri<‘ed homes can enhance the value of IMus 
Homi's and residents truly eniov “ status” liv­ ing. The series of afford­ able 
Intines. priced from us low as .$:hi,;}iiu. are located on C herry 
Blossom D rive in tlie com m unity found just north of Starcrest Drive between Jo ii(‘s-Malts- berger and 
W et more 

Roads. 
Ju s t what are the 
“ pluses” found in these m oderately priced homes? 
They boast huge 
“ fam ily kitchens” and master suites large en­ ough for kmg-si/.e furni­ ture. 
Tiiese features aloiH' are rare, if not un- iijiie. for a price range so reasonabh'. But there is more. 
Central heat and air, double garage; wallpaper 

CLASSIFIED D ISP LA Y 

 and carpeting in selected rooms; walk-in elosids for master suites; wood- burning fireplace in fa­ mily room; landseaping and plantings; and, in most, an inside utility room. 
.None of these “ pluses” means that buyers have to pay for costly extras they would rather omit. 
In fact, buyers are free to add any particular item they desiri' m their own good time and own way. 
Blossom Park, a G ar­ rett Brothers develop­ ment, form s the ideal setting for Plus Homes. 

C LASSIFIED D ISP LA Y 

Residents here are able to swim and play tennis almost daily this time of je a r because Blossom 
Athletic Center is even within walking distance from any of the area’s homes. 

Also nearby is M cA l­ lister Park with its trails for hiking or biking and numerous picnic sites. 
Shopping fa cilitie s near Blossom P a rk in­ clude major malls about 
1o minutes driving time from the community. 

To explore all these 
“ pluses” — and even 
^lASti^iro oiiiPtier 

 more ■— Blossom Pa rk has to offer, visit the community this week­ end. Ai’ea sales and in­ formation office is at 215o 
Lotus Blossom Dr. H I A, 
VA and conventional ar­ rangements for financing purchases are possible. 
Blossom 
P a rk is reached most easily by exiting from N.W. Loop 
41o to San Pedro Avenue, proceed north to Bitters 
Road, turn right, go east to 
Jones-M altsb erg er 
Road, turn left and drive on to Sta rcre st D rive, where a right turn leads to Blossom F*ark. 

CLASSIFIED Oisi»LA Y 

CLASSIFIED DISPLAY 

OFFER YOU MORE! 
ONLY 5 % DOWN 
CONVENTIONAL 
HOMES 

12138 Cherry Blossom Only $38,6oo 
3 & 4 Bedroom Floor Pluos. Available in Single Level & T w o Story 
Hom es. Priced From $3 8 ,4 o o 

SALES OFFICE: 

215o Lotus Blossom 
Wttfcendi: Open I Til Dutk 
WwAdoys: Op*n 1o Til Dutk 
4 9 4 -3 8 8 8 

I 
1 iw v j . 
I f 
• r V 
./111 
BLOSSOM 
PAR K 

Boilt & D e ve lo p p d b y G a rre tt Bro ther 
' ■ 
' ■ ■ ■ ■ 
. 

B L O S SO M 
PARK i 
STARCREST 

LOOP 41o 

 a A K U n n » DISPLAY 
C iA S W ltD DISPLAY 
"TOBTRBmaair" 
CLASSiflEO DISPLAY 

■AAnno mieiiig the Ora nd Opening o f Wilso n Qa rdens West^^ 

Northv/est San Antonio will never be the same with the opening of 
Wilson Gardens West. 43 garden homes set In the beautiful rolling hills of San Antonio. Nestled in an exclusive cul-de-sac, Wilson 
Gardens West offers the ultimate In garden homes, featuring privacy, security, energy-saving con­ struction, and low yard main­ tenance. Each offers such extras os single living area with fireplace, wet bar, and privacy patios. Priced from $62,7 5o to $7 7 ,ooo. For in­ formation call 696-7585. Open 

 daily 1-6. 

" N 
U ilson O n n ifiis 

 si 

 t i^' Ltl.<ion 
1 
5 a? e 
IT iinon G arden s 
'A ce 
C.nllriffhan 

 f io 

AROUIXO TOUR tip ,. 

 f 
'Hi* 

114 I 

 mum 
■ 
! iXORTII 
' 
New homes from $34,ooo jjb 6 ^ 
4 94 -6 1 6 3 
^ W l j « / m o . ^ 

* Based on V A puichusi; price of $36.oi>o, no down payment and 36o equal monthly payments at 8 % annual financing. 

»K'lWW 
'«.IK*A* mM, 

LtViNO AOOM 

BtOPOCMM 

THi: <;r e a t x VOIETIIVVESftT 
New homes from $39,275 
684-1123 

 n r 

 iSr 

•Based on VA purchase price of $39,275, no down payment and 36o equal monthly payments at 8 % annual financing. 

. 
SUM à '“ ' * 

’ 7 tllPM < <W •’ 

YOU...are complex! So is your lifestyle! To be really comfortable, your home should reflect each part of you...a new home by Coates 
Development Company suits many "you's". 
The FREE SPIRIT in you will enjoy the feelings of SPACIOUSNESS 

 invoked by the CATHEDRAL CEILING in the expansive SINGLE LIVING area. The ENTERTAINING you will like the WET BAR. The ROMANTIC in you will love the FIREPLACE and the exquisite CARPETING. 
Your GOURMET tastes will savor the modern kitchen. The PRACTICAL you 

 will like the abundance of closets, cabinets and STORAGE space. The VALUE-CONSCIOUS you will appreciate the unmistakable QUALITY of a Coates Development Company home. 

 r.uiK'*'-,, 'd r, f 4?,I 
I * 
11 
HIGH COIJlüiTRT 
ESTATES 
New homes from $42,1oo 
656-4471 

A11LÁ 
ì.ìa à kkttità ^t 
M i| iy > I 

ST8« 
9ooM 

U I-'". 

•Based on V A purchase price of $43,65o, no down payment and 36o equal monthly payments at 8 % annual financing. 

SUITE 1o9« O N E P A R K TEN NORTH •68oo PA RK TEN BLVD. • SA N ANTONIO, TX. 78 213 
.o 
Co a tes 
Dev elo pment Co . mmmn 

San Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— Saturday May 28 197 7 
Pecan trees having scab, gal l probl ems 

Page * 7-D 

By TERK Y W ILB O I RN 
COUNTV EXTtNSION HORTICULTURIST 
For some reason it seems that, this St)ring, pecan trees sure are lia\in<i their share of insect and disease problems. 
Two problems quite prevalent now are the galls eaused by the pecan phylloxera and the fungus disease called scab. L e t's hope you have neither problem on your trees, but exeryone that has pecan trees should be aware ol these probknus and possi­ ble control measures. 
Produces galls 
The pecan phylloxera produces galls on new pecan growth. Leases, twigs and nuts may be affected 

(»alls are cnn^picuous sw ellings which ma\ be 1/lfl to oiu* nich in dia­ meter. Tiiey are caused l)\ a sofl-bo- di('d insect closely related to aphids. 
I’hslloxera jTasses tlu' W inti'r in ttu' egg stage in bark cresices. in Si)ring. the tiny nymph emerges and fe('ds on t(*nder young growth, secreting a sub­ stance which stimulates plant tissue to deselop into galls. 
•\fter maturing, the adult deposits numerous eggs inside the gall or on pecan leaves. Young nymphs of the succeeding generation develo|> within the gall, which splits in one to three weeks and liberates them. Several generations follow during Summer and 
Pall, as long as thei'e is fresh, young growth on the tree. 
Pach generation requires lour to lue 

 weeks. Dormant oil spray recom ­ mended for ol)scure scale control will reduce manifestation levels of jdiyl- loxiM'a when thoroughly applied to tree trunks and major limbs during the 
\\ inter. 
Pecan seab. a fungus disease, is present 1\ (piite severe on some var­ ieties. 
Pt'can scab is the most 
(U'structive disease of pecans in I'exas. 
The fungus invates the young, rapidly growing shoots and leaves and later the developing nuts. Severely iidi'cted nuts on highl\ scap-susceptible var­ ieties drop or fail to devehq), resulting in a total nut crop loss. F.arly season defoliation often occurs in seasons of freiiuent rains and high humidity since these conditions facilitate the rapid development and spread of the scab fungus. 
The scab fungus overwinters in in- lectt'd shoots and in old shucks and leaves in the Spring, when tempera­ ture and moisture conditions becoiiK' tavoral)le, the fungus begins to grow and, within a few days, produces a large number of spores. 
T1k*sl‘ spores are spread by air cur- rt'uts and rain to newly developed leaves on which they germinate and invade the lender tissues. 'Phe fungus producL's a great number of spores on the surfaces of these primary inft'ction 
Sites and spreads throughout the tree, infi'cting other young shoots, leaves and nuts. 
Scab disease development is favored by rainy periods an(l mild tempera­ tures I nder these conditions, spores 

 of the fungus in contact with lht‘ wet surfacL' of a leaflet or nut germinate rapidly, invade the tender tissues and initiate infection within six hours. Le­ sions rL'sulting from tiu'se infection sites l,)t'comt‘ visibk' to the nakt‘d <*ye within sevtn to 14 davs. dei>ending on env ii'onmenlal (onditions. .\ ¡leriod of warm, dry wcatlu'r following infeL tiiUi may retard lesion dev elojmu'nt. 
'Phe control of pecan scab de|>ends primarily on the protection of tender 
U‘af. nut and shoot surfaces with a{)- plications of an effective fungicide. A protective film of fungicidal chemical prevents infections by ke('ping the. spores from developing normally. 
I nfoiiunalely. once the fungus has invaded the tissues, it is no long«*r vulnerable to fungicidt's. 'Pherid'ore, thorough coverage of leaf, nut and shoot surfaces with a fungicidt' must be maintained to pn'vcnt disease <k‘- velopment. Benoym l is a w etiable povviler fungicide must be maintained to pr('V('Ut disease ilevelotnuent. Ben­ oyml is a wettable powder fungicide that is available to homeovviu*rs and vvhii-h can bi usi'd to control scab 
★ ★ ♦ 
If you wish to kei'p up on the latest happenings in the world of horticul­ ture, be sure to watch the “ Good Day” show on KPN.S TV-f) at <5:45 a.m. each 
Friday 
'Phis is a new program for which Bill 
- Shomette is host, and 1 will fie a regu­ lar guest each Friday. This is a live program, and. yes, 1 (lid say “ a.m ,” — not p.m. 
Djo iv n to Ea rth 

CLASSIFIED DISPLAY 
îiÂ s S iF iÏD B TS W tS V — 

REAL ESTATE LICENSE 

JU N E S C H E D U L E O F C LA S SES 
5 DaY_ 
Principles of R E 
2o1 
3o1 
Practice of R E 
1o1 
Basic Fundamentals 
2o1 
Principles of R E 
2 Weekeiid 
2o1 
Principles of R E 
6o1 
Appraising R E 
3o1 
Practice of R E 
8 Night 
3o1 
Practice of r E 

June 6 - 1o 
June 13 -17 
June 2o - 24 
June 27 - July 1 

June 4 ■ 12 
June 11-19 
June 18 - 26 

June 6 ,7 ,8,13,14, 
15,2o,&21 
A m e r ic a n C o l l e3 e of Real Estate. Inc. 

465o W A IZIM RD./SAN ANTONIO, TX 78218 ( 512 ) 653 7771 

G alls or swellings caused by the pecan phylloxera may vary from 1/1o to one inch in diameter and will be found both on the leaves and nutlets. Picture at top demonstrates this. 
Scab lesions on pe­ can leaves, exempli­ fied by picture at bottom, vary in size from a barely discer­ nible dot to lesions Va inch or more in dia­ meter. 

Gardeners’ Ouestions— Answers 

By TE RRY WILBOURN 
COUNTY EXTENSION HORTICULTURIST 
1 live in the country, and deer seem to love to eat many of the plants I put out. ,A.re there any plants they don't like'* 

.According to fellow 

 horticulturist Ted Fisher of .Austin, there are sev­ eral plants that deer do not particularly like. 
These are century plant, aloe, butterfly bush, box­ wood. cactus. Mexican 

 smoke tree, scotch 

 broom, persimmon, fig, ash, Carolina jessamine, 
English ivy, Washington palm, holly (thorny var­ ieties), jasmine, lupine, magnolia and Chinaberry tree. 

 fan palm, clem atis, 

What is causing the bottom leaves of my tomatoes to turn yellow with brown spots within the yellow area'.^ 

Sounds like either Sep- Blight. Spray regularly 

 torla leaf spot or Early with maneb for control. 

The leaves oil my Benjamin fig are turning yellow and dropping. What could be causing this? 

It’s a good bet you are either overwatering or are giving it insufficient 

<M issio tt 
^Ifü ce 

Marketed Exclusively by Deanie Owens Co., 
REALTORS for Sitterle and Companies 
6963838 

A TOTALLY NEW LIFESTYLE AWAITS YOU. 

Enter the world of Mission Trace and enter a world in itself. This unique garden home community is proud to announce that Sitterle and Companies, top San 
Antonio home builders, are creating custom garden homes In Mission Trace. In this garden hideaway you'll find total privacy, including 24 hour security for re­ stricted entry Into the development. Plus, year round maintenance that insures a constant professional landscaping image for the entire area. In addition, you'll find that Mission Trace is truly pedestrian ori­ ented with private streets, and walkways throughout the tree studded terrain. You'll also enjoy swimming and tennis in the secure Mis­ sion Trace atmosphere. 
Bring the outdoors in with a choice of a dis­ tinctively different Sitterle floor plans in 2 or 3 bedroom variations. High beam and vaulted ceilings highlight overly spacious living areas, great for relaxing or entertaining. Single or multi-level plans are available, too. However, you must see and feel the elegance of Mission 
Trace to appreciate It. 

<M issio tt ^BQee 
696-3 83 8 

 light. Try modifying these conditions, and, I believe, it will improve. 

Questions on various aspects of lawn, garden or plant care, as weH as landscaping, can be ans­ wered in this column.i 
Please address any corre­ spondence to the colum­ nist himself and not to this newspaper. The columnist requests that all inquiries be made by mail and not by telephone. Correct mailing address is: Down to Earth, c / o Terry Wil- bourn. County Extension 
Horticulturist, Texas Agri- cultval Extension Service, 
2o3 W . Nueva St., Room 
31o, San Antonio, TX 
7 82o7 . 
NAR opens new offices in Chicago 

SPECIAL lO THE GOLDEN TWINS 
CHICAGO — Present and past N ational A.s- soeiatioii nf Realtors of­ ficers .loined Chicago Dc- piUv .Mayor Kenneth Sain 

III a ribbnn-cutting cere- iiiony recently at the as­ sociation’s new bead- quarters building, 4.1(1 X, 
-Vlieliigan .\ve. in (’hiea- go. 
The cerem ony also kicked off an open house for the nearly 3,ooo Real­ tors attending the as­ sociation’s annual May meetings in Chicago. 
Participants 
Pa rticip a n ts in the ceremony were Deputy 
Mayor Sain, who cut the ribbon; H arry G. Elm- strom, association pre­ sident; Tom (irant, first vice president; Alvin .1. 
VVulff Sr., treasurer; H. 
.lackson Pontius, execu­ tive vice* president; 
P lilij) C. Smuby and Art 
S. 
Leitch, past p re­ sidents; and Abel Ber- land, Realtor, who a r­ ranged for the building’s purchase 
T'he 1o-story building 
Wiis purchased last 
December for about 
5 m illion. Completed in 
1oo3, it has more than 
H ’i.OOO sq. ft. of space, and is so constructed that another 12 stories could l)(‘ added later. National 
.Association headquarters 
[ireviously were at 155 F. 
SupLTior St. The building was sold to the Ryan In­ surance Group for ÎL 9 million 

CLASSIFIED D IS PLA Y 

( S l\ p p q j l j t m i ^ 

 h e i ^ h b o r ^ ^ 

 m i ( i , v i v c t i | c T ) c , s t i i | ^ t 

Exclusive Northeast Section 

1, 2, and 3 bedroom apartments 

Adult and Family Sections 

Handball Courts 
3 T#nnis 

653-53oo 

.S/«»YFYw/ 1» Ittirrhif/ httt t V . f i f / l t l ' M u t ' k s 

W W W W W W W W W W W W W W W W W 'iS L 
'T 

SPECIAL FINANCING 
AVAILABLE ON 
SEUCTED 
ADDRESSES. assE 

EXECUTIVE 
COUNTRY ESTATES 

3 and 4 Bedroom Homes, 
Formal living and dining areas, woodburning fire places, wet bars, energy saving package, many 

 luxury extras, quiet coun try living with all the city conveniences 
No city 

 taxes A well suited home foi giacious living. 

1. 
Bondero 
Rd lo 
Leon 
VallRy ilem «ntory School, left on fM 471 to fM 16o4, left 2 milev to Ook 
Creek 

2, from loop 41o loke Culebro exit then firu left FM I9S7 , 6 mi. to 
16o4, right 1 mile to Ook Creek, 

o 

€ 

44 

o 
44 
4 
4 

 b y u s H o m e 

Listad on the N e w York 
Stock Exchange 

Furnished 
M odel s O pen 
Dail y 
CALL 

6 84-3112 

■A Homes From 
$57 ,ooo to $9o,ooo 
* Large V i-1 Acre 

Wooded Lots 
★ V.A. Financing f OJHK 

Avoilable 

HIDDEN FOREST 

Custo m 
Ho mes. 

Trt*»»'. ruver 

Imaiitifiil tmiiic sites. 

Stutininp ciiiilfiiipurarv split level 

 master 
Traditimial bedrotfiiis, ereek. 

 with lav ish suites. 

3 and 
1 alung the 

Luvurimislv 

Unlimited 
Amentities. 

All exhilarating Sundav morning on the tennis euurts. A la/v Suiidav af- ternuun swim in the 

 private 
|mm»I . 
A quiet 

 walk in the euuntrv air under the oaks. ilillt(»p views that streteh lor miles ... el the hill 

 eountrv and of the downtown skvliiie. 
No 

 eitv taxes. 
Northeast 

 sehfiols. And homes like none vou've ever seen. 

This is Hidden Forest. 

 deeoratefi, vet designed for the live-aiid-plav'ju- hfime faiiiilv. 
I nuMial 

 tri-levels on wooded 

 hilltop eul-de-saes overlooking the eitv, 

Lountrv wooded vards 

 with privaev. Keadv for vou to move in. 
New 
Hillto p 
Sectio n. 

A n o th er D en to n D ev elo p m en t 

P a g e 
8 - D 
San Antonio ËXPRËSS-NEWS— Saturday May 28 1977 
2 o8 « H O U S E S 

• * 2o2 HOUSES OPEN 
2 o2 HOUSES OPEN 
CLASSIFIED 
Better Liv in g 
Sectio n 

• R ea l Es ta te 
• M o b ile Hom es • Renta ls 
INDEX 

* 
* 

* 

* 

* 

* 
TEN EXCITING 
CONTEMPORARY HOMES 
OPEN U AM TO DARK s53,8oo to ’82,ooo 

M IS S IO N T R A C E 
2 Bedrooms, fire »*«« Must see fo appreciate AH the luxuries of a qoodltfe' >64,ooo 69o-MU 

F8 BTUHA ASSOCIATES 
MISSION TRACE 
^ 
L U X U R Y ! 3 bedroom , 1 both 
*■ [ townhome in incomparable Mis 
[ start T r a c e 
2-story b ric k w ith g g m any custom e x tra s $58,$oo 
REALTOR 
69113oo 
♦ C e n tu ry 21 

* 

2 18 HWSiS eMTHHST 
2 18 HOUSES NORTHEAST 
219 tHHISfS-HBRTHEASI 
2 18 HOBSES-NBRTHEAST 
218 - HOUSIS NOBfHIAST 

E L A IN E L U D W IG & ASSOC 
N O E Q U IT Y to a u o lifie d v e t. 
B e au tifu l 3 b ed room , 2 bath, in 
¡ V alley H r P ay m e n ts $222 mo ft J R E A L T Y 674-8883 Anytim e 

■ IA t ESTATI 
| [ l f § l 

?ot — test fttott Noteei 
7o?— 
Opto for i«v()*ifi*n 
2o4-Pmperty Oo* 9< l«*n 
?o*-(oe6©mimunH • loumhomes 
?88-4per*m»(*H. Oupif *zs 
21o— Hoowv- HoiihroU 
?! 2—Usuwï — NwihtffU 
7t4—tteym—SouHwmt 
? 16—tteysrs—SoaftnwU 
?)8-H«<n*s No»«l gM Fmtrid 
22o- Houvf i Im trad* 
2??~N»«etfon**i¡4 f*«1 iUote 
226 -Hoows. Sol« o» Rent 
226- Vufctitb*« t*op*riy -liteaq* 
22$ - In*"* Pi«p*rii*v 
23S-Uh 
23 2—terms G«d Isnfhfs 
234~ía*n« oed le«nh*\ tei l*nt 
J3é-(emm*n¡ot trspnty Vole 
238 - (eflwn*if,sl tfiepcrty lltflte) 
24o-(»*lim*rn*l Nep#ffy !Kl9n!*dl 
24? _ iniLnUre* f'oprrty |w Sgi» 
244 - tedyUna! Prspwiy le» t*es* 
?46~ bidoUttol Noo*t»y Rfonltd 
248-W»* Spar* ter linn* 

25o - otf«e $pm* »ont«) 

?$? - Rea l htot* $*H »> E x honp* 
254— 8*ol filai* »onird 
?$6 - •*«• tUof* I pom - Notes 
?$#- **«! Es W* loom Wontid 

J r Unusual designs, superbly constructed A(;J w with wood - glass - and the finest 
ROILING RIOGE 
, 
. 
| 
. | i i 
. 
. . 
, 
2 Story careetea, has 3 bedroom s, 
. materials available - in a setting of k 
J / ooths, den. Located near do«i 
^ trees. 
Area has security guards, ^ 

------- -- 
—■< 

M O BIL! MOMfS 
W i. J 

3o2 — Mobde Homes lot **iu 

RENTALS 
> 

 and ciubhouse. 349-4323 
H O M E O W N E R 
M A R K E T IN G 
S E R V IC E security 

" % swimming pools, tennis courts. 
^ 
S E N E C A E S T A T E S 
■f. loca ted In Green Spring Va lley -f\ 

^ W : qoroqe $4o,5oo 684-o/11,684-8311, 
6.2 milts north of loop 41o, off Wetmort Rd. 

êpsftmtnts lurnnhtd 
4o? - Houv#ittping Apt fura 
4Q4 âpQftmtntv Unfumrthed 
4oé~ tidtftii, Oupfties 
- Furrmhed 
4M - Houses, Ouplf *es 
-Unfurnished 
41o— Houses, lent or Sell 
4 ï 1 w. looms, f urnnhtd 
4! 4—looms, Unfurnishtd 
4 î h - looms #*th SonfH 
4 ? 8 Wont to I* rtf or l#os# 

SAN ANTO NIO 
REAL ESTATE SECTIONS 

344-4397 

NORTHWEST 
HOMES 
NORTHEAST 
HOMES 

REAL ESTATE 

 lo o k in g fo r a n ew h o m e ? 

TODAY’S YOUR L U C K Y D A Y . . . 

High C ountry Es ta tes 
6 5 6 -4 4 7 1 

$42,1 Qo to $ 5 8 ,75 o 
Nacogdoches ot Judson 

M e a d o w W o o d N o rth 
4 9 4 - 6 1 6 3 

$ 3 3 ,75 o to $ 42,25o 
Janes Maltsbgr ot Thous. O a ks 

The G re a t N o rth w e s t 
6 8 4 -1 1 2 3 

$ 3 9.2 75 to $59,1o o f M 4 71 ot Culehro 

* VA, Conventional • Fireplaces • Double Goroges 

• North East or Northside Schools. 

Townhom e, Rotting R id ge V illage, 
3-2, larg e livin g a re a , cath e d ra l ceilings, balcony, undeck fenced patio, pool, club house. A ssum e tow interest loan or refinance. 
684 .3359 __________________________ 

T O W N H O M E S ’ In the 3o’s to the 
5o's Choice N W and N E locations. 
Such e x tra s as custom d rap e s, carpet, F IR E P L A C E S , skylights, p r iv a c y fen ced , sw im m in g , te n ­ nis, alt excellent plans 
RED CARPET 
342-3111 
R E A L T O R S 
341 4829 
3 2 Townhouse, com plet kitchen, carport. Colt after 6pm 69o 9IS5 
W O O D B R IO G E T O W N H O M E S 
In-town Lee. Super Am enities 
31o2 Eisenhouer___________826-63o1 

2 o7 - HISTORICAL 

OLDER HOMES 

MONTE VISTA 
S ta te ly b rick 5 b ed room hom e, b eautifully restored. M ag nificent j m ahogany and oak w alls in p a r | lour, living and dining roam, Im ! pressive m ill work and fireplace. 
L o v e ly h a rd w o o d , m a rb le an d j 
S o tillo tile flo o rs 
M a n y , m a n y | extras, 824-2486 
H A R D Y & CO IN C 
R E A L T O R S 
______ 

« 
Coates Development Co. 
Courtesy to Brokers 

I 
1 i 

Homes o 
5 
Homos 
N a r d iw s il 
N o rth e a s t 
2 1 2 
1 
2 1 o 
< 

 iV* 
« 

 c q m m w c e 

Homes 
S o u th w e s t 
2 1 6 

H o m e s 
Southeast 
2 14 

NEW EXCLUSIVE AREAS 
• WHISPERING OAKS • COUNTRYSIDE 
• HUNTER’S CREEK 
PRESTIGE HOMES 
• Rowing hills and oak trees 
In Worth East oi Northside School District 
• Recreation artos 
• Home-, ÎSo,ooo to SI 7o.ooo 

Pano, Garden and Estate Hemes Or cuilom build, and choose decor x 

2 o8 APARTMENTS DUPLEXES 

2 4 -1 o o UNITS 
INQUIRIES INVITED 
ON 
INCOME 
PROPERTIES 
KEY 
* V e n o u s 
GROUP 
Locations 

I 

• Flexible 
Terms 

STERLING BURKE 

REALTORS 
824-6351 

77o1 Broadway 

2 o1 HEAL ESTATE NOTICES 

VA SALES LISTINGS 
Equal Housing Opportunity 
2o85o 
4731 (ostie lance 523,o75 
4 I 
S 85o 
3 1 1 
21216 
8731 Hunter Creek 117,4/5 
4 I 
« 85o 
4 1 1 
213o6 
7o25 Glen Mist $25,975 
41 
8 85o 
2 2’/? 2 
Statement required, ownership and operability of refrigerator and range and oven unknown 
2164o 
7323 Quiet Valley $16,5oo 
4 1 
8 85o 
3 1 KP 
2221/ 
5514 Indian Desert $19,975 
4 I 
8-85o 
3 2-1 
26o793 
6247 Big Valley $17,975 
4 1 
8 85o 
3 1-1 
Stotements requited, property has a 
16 ft utility easement a* tear of pro perty; Ownership and operability of 
W4C s unknown 
299814 7219 Glen Haven 
$26,5oo 
4 1 
8 85o 
4 2 1 
Statement requtied, ownership and operability of refrigerator and range and oven unknown 
3429o4 53o3 Ghosl Hawk $23,975 
A I 
8 85o 
3-1-1 
Stotements required, ownership and operability of refrigerator ond range and oven unknown; property has a 
1o ft, telephone and 4 ft. overhang easement at rear 

Suhiett lo change tn price, prtor 
■.ah or withdrawal at any time 
Aithout notice 
Offers to put «base will not be accepted where the broke has toiled to submit to VA a signed topv of VA fotms 26 8183 lami HUD VA non discrimination certification the best qualified offer will be accepted from those received wtihm 5 work days of the public appearance ot the initial or revised listing Solus commission on 5 of soles payable on closing 

OFFERS RECEIVED 
21823 Pnokos 
2217o5'Brigham 
332119-DePaolo 
345294,Reyes 
36/524- Vickers McVey 

OffERS ACCEPTED 
2868 Iruary 
328846/Johnson 
347456 DePoolo 

CODED FOR BROKERS ONLY 

2 o1 
REAL ESTATE NOTICES 

$ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ 

* 
$ 
I 
WHY LIST 
YOUR HOME 
$ 
FOR 9o DAYS?? 
I 

I TOP MONEY NOW! * 

I 
Let m e m a ke y ou a 
$ 
$ ca s h o ffe r. 
I w ill 
$ 
$ pa y a ll clos ing cos ts . 
$ 
$ 
BROKER 
A N D 
AT- 
$ 
$ 
T O R N IY FEES PAID 
$ 

I 
S.A.R.E. 
I 

J 
3 4 9 - 6 5 3 1 , 2 4 Mrs . 
* 

$ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ } $ $ $ $ 

OPEN 2 -6 
43o1 MUIRFIEID 

IN 
THE 
VILLAGE 
IN 
OAK 
HILLS, 
Charming 
3 2 2 with family roam and firep lace 
C lo se to com m unity club house and pool S 7 9,5 o o 

43o7 MUIRFIEID 

IN 
THE 
VILLAGE 
IN 
O AK HILLS, Beau tiful 3 bedroom, 2 both garden home with corner tire place, and wet bar in family room 2 community pools and club house. 
$ 7 8,5 o o 

3 4 4 - 3 o 7 8 
8 2 8 -8 2 4 1 
I 4 9 4 -7 7 1 1 
6 5 6 -3 4 4 1 

2o4 PROPERTY OUT Of TOWR 

B Y O W N E R 
3-2, C e n tr a l air- heat, living, dining, den, kitchen, attached addition used as beauty shoo 
(C o u ld be g a m e ro o m ) 
F en ced y a rd w ith p ecan trees. 
Jourdanton 269 3342 
B y o w n e r, F r io C o u n ty, n e a r 
Moore, nice 3 bedroom home, 2* t ! acres, m ostly brush, ab und an ce , ot quail, dove, and sm alt gam e, 
Carrico w ater $26,5oo. 1 663-2S2S 

Dev elopers Attention there is ISO n on E Kingsbury St that would be suitab le for m ost any kind ot business, don’t m iss being on a busy street, e asy in and out and lots of p arking Call for details. 1-379-o19o 
Century 21 
S E G U IN R E A L f Y INC 

NEW ON MARKET 

Duplex, Tri-plex, 4-plex, up to 
24 units 
MANY TO CHOOSE 
FROM! 
Seguin-San 
Antonio oreas GOOD INVESTMENTS, TAX 
SHELTERS, 

 bos McGi nni s 
REALTORS 

 y 
3 4 9 - 6 2 1 1 

A L A M O H G T S. 
8 u n it b u ild in g site an d p lan s. 
W alk to bus, shops M ak e otter 
341-4455 
R E A L T O R S 826-6716 
. 
L A U R E N R B A R N E B E Y j 
Duplex, t bdrm like new, near San 
Pedro, 
G ra m m e rcy, $2o,5oo. 
342-3673 .______________________________ 
D U P L E X - N ew on m arket. For details, call Bonnie 922-1644 
Seitt & A ssoc.. R e alto rs 824-2385 
D U P L E X off S o u th P r e s a 
B y owner $15,ooo. Call 435-4579. 
E A S Y K E E P 
4 units 1 bedroom , Otways rented. 
N ear SAC. Good tenants. $28,ooo 
M A C R E A L E S T A T E 828 2521 

R E A L T O R S 
M L S 
656-1151 
» E Q U IT Y : N ew red brick 2 story b u ild in g in 
E a g le 
P a s s , 
6o apartm ents, all occupied A nnual ; 
Incom e, $136,3oo. Call for details 
C U L E B R A 
P A R K 
R E A L T Y 
433 8257, 

E S T A T E S A L E 
B eau tifu l brick home (K ingsland , Texas) W ate r front, 3 be droom , 2 bath, central a ir - h e a t, f ir e p la c e , s to r a g e , sp rin k le r system . Show n by ap- o o m fm e n t C a l l : 915-388-46o5; 
915-625-2746, or 512-454-6577. 
G u a d a lu p e R i v e r T r a c t s 
1.3 acre s N ew B ra u n fe ls re s tricte d subdiv Ken K arg er. 625-4414 

IM M E D IA T E CASH 
For Yoor Home. W e pay al! clos­ ing costs! W e also take trades 
Call 
494-5571 
635-8474 
532-3252 
C e n tu ry 21 
W A K E F IE L D R E A L T O R S 
Inventory too low ! Need help to re-stock E x c e lle n t co m m issio n for real estate lister, need license 
924 42o9 
A L L R E A L T Y 
IN C E D E D 
3 repo sales persons, bilingual, full tim e, lice n se, e x ­ perienced 
W e pay top C o m m is­ sion 
C o n ta c t 
A D O L P H O R 
RO M O AT: 433 3295 
___ ___ 

I 

NO DOWNPAYMENT 
• Anyone can b u y! Vets don't use their e ligib ility 
3-4 bedroom s, 2 
• b a th s 
S o m e w ith a ir a n d 
• appliances. Paym e n ts less than 
¡rent* 
B O B O eP A O L O 
.344 3o91 
R E A L T O R 

Q U IC K cash tor your equity 
W e pay closing costs 
LaH om a Prop erties, Inc. 
349 2679 

OPEN SAT. 2 TO 6 
4 o2 7 GLENROCK 
Gieat for entertaining. This 4-2-2, has ! 5x3o single living area with fireplace 
Cathedral beamed ceilings, super sice master suite 
13 719 
BROOKHOUOW lovely 3 bedroom, 2 bath home on a tree covered lot. 3ox16 liv mg area with fireplace wet bar 
Many built-ins, super home 

3 4 9- 5 1 1 1 
3 4 9- 3 5 3 5 muuiowmco 
Rea ltors 
N. Centra l Otc. 

 inv es tor’s Drea m 
24 units total lOQ'Va o c cu p a n cy with w aiting list and a m anager th a t ta k e s c a r e of e v e r y th in g 
F a n ta s tic c a p it a liz a t io n r a le . 
O wner financed. 1-379-o19o 
C e n tu ry 21 
S E G U IN R E A L T Y INC 
R E A L T O R S 
M LS 
656-1351 
JO H N S O N C IT Y 
S a c r if ic e b e a u tifu l re s to r e d 2 sto ry 4 b ed room 2 b ath hom e 
L a rg e room s. C entral heat a ir 
Com p letely insulated C arp eted throughout. Firep lace. On 2 lots. 
1-866 4814, 1-833 4462. 

 i 
R.N. WHITE, JR. i 
J TO SPEAK AT MEETING J 
^ 
Al Lindsey, President Bexar j|. 
(aunty Real fslate Association, j|. 

» 1 Inc. announces that the General ^ w Monthly Meeting will be held ja. w Wednesday, 1 June 1977, at ■+. 
^ 7 oo P.M. Gill Company, 615 jj. n. Soledad, San Antonio, Texas, 
^ UN While, Jr. will speak on the ■g 
^ Texas Veterans Land Program. 
^ 
^ 
Real 
Estate 
Brokers and 
^ Salesmen are invited to attend 
^ For reservations coll 732-6651 

S A L E S M A N A G E R W A N T E D 

F o r r e s id e n tia l r e a l e s ta te com pany L IB E R A L P R O F IT 
S H A R IN G G round floor op portundy. Call tor confidential i n t e r v ie w Jo e E t h e r id g e 
656-7127. eves 656-7128 

S E L L IN G Y O U R O W N H O M E »? 
Need action now * List it with 
H art M cC orm ick R ealtor 344 5564 

1 OPEN 1-6P 
SAT,-SUN 
1 3 3 1 GREER1 
Beautiful brick home with 16oo sq ft. 2-2-triple carport with storage 
Extra large paneled den plus gameroom. Open terms. $37,ooo. 
(all Annette Middough 

VAN BUftEN & ASSOC 
684-7171 344-1o89 344-7122 

9-UNIT M O T E L D E V IN E 
2 f u r n is h e d a p a r t m e n ts , I ' i a c r e s , m o b ile hom e hook-ups 
P r ic e d to w , m u s t s e ll! S A M 
W O R D , R E A L T O R I 663-2621, 
Devine, Texas. 

2 o6 « M O U S E S 

W A N T E D to buy 
Sm all equity in 
Northside home Under $3,ooo No ugenls pieose 337-6613 681 3848 

WE’LL BUY YOUR HOME or lot for cash F ast service. W ill trade 
B O B D e P A O LO 
344 3o91 
R E A L T O R 

SPACE AGE 
This 4 bedroom , 2 'j bath. C on­ tem porary home features S O L A R 
W A T E R H E A T E R 2 Second floor d ecks and a m ag n ifice n t view 
Almost completed, A vailab le with 
2 or 4 acres O P E N T H IS W E E ­ 
K E N D 
T R A IL W O O D 
17 m iles 
N orthwest ot W onderland on IH 
1o 

Ala mo Hots . (M a im in g 
This townhom e with 3 le v e l" of gracious living is a iov to the eve. 
It has 3 spacious bedroom s, 2 'i bath, firep lace, p rivate carpeted atrium and multi-balconied patio. 
There a re se p arately controlled air conditioning units by are a plus m any other elegant am m enities, 
N IT E S 653-4139 
828-5636 
R E A L T O R S 
M L S 
WORTH LOOP IIIC. 

•BRIGHT TOWNHOUSE* 
N ear Ft. Sam . Anyone tor tennis, sw im m ing, goif? C orner view . 1 bedroom, bath-down, 2 bedroom s, bath-up Saltillo tiled floors down. 
; Fireplace, S41.ooo 826-2347. 

LO O K W H A T ’S N E W W IT H U S 

•NEWISH TOWNHOUSE* 
I M o ckin g b ird Pond O ne floor, 2 
; bedroom s, 2 baths, living-dining rooms, F P . built-in kitchen, Clo- sets galore, $29,9oo 826-234? 

F IR S T O F F E R IN G 
3 BED R O O M - 2 B A T H S 
2 BED R O O M S- 2 B A T H S 
N E Schools. O w ners occupied j 
3 Y e a rs O ld— -$87,5oo 
F R A N C E S L E V E N S O N 
225 2398 
A N Y T IM E 
732-4951 j 
H IG H P A R K D U P L E X 
F u lly fu rn is h e d w ith s e p a ra te ! m eters on K a vto n , excellent oc- j c u p a n c v 
O v e r $28oo in c o m e . ! 
P rice d in low $2o's. Call M arti 
T R ! P L E X w ith $25oo an n u a l incom e, fu lly : occupied, good S E location Only ! 
$18,5oo. Call S p ark y . 
5 U N IT S 
Highland P a rk , 1 bedroom each. I 
Potential incom e $5oo a mo. Only ) 
$23,ooo, owner w ill finance. Call 
E m e ry. 
T R A IL E R P A R K 
S E Lo cation on n e arly 25 a c re s 1 with 17 spaces. 3 m obile hom es i and 2 bedroom house Call Jim 
I 
532-3252 
N IT E S 337-4823 i 
C e n tu ry 21 
W A K E F IE L D R E A L T O R S 
| 
IN C O M E 
| 
I 34 units in duplexes. W eil kept, • alw ays rented Convenient to all ! i m ilita ry bases, iust off Loop 41o j j 
M A C R E A L E S T A T E 828-2521 j 
| Lux ury Duplex, C ircle D r A lam o 
Hgts. Schools, total 5 bedroom s. 5 i baths, 2 fam ily room , 4 ca r gar- i age 
M an y extras. 
227-9388 or 
826-6666. 
_ 
M O N T E V I S T A 
L a r g e , a i r y 
; a p a rtm e n ts in a lo v e ly , stu cco 
I 4 - P L E X ! E a c h unit h as fo rm a l i liv in g a n d d in in g ro o m s , 
2 j s p a c io u s b e d ro o m s an d b a th i Close to dow ntown...great 
1 investm ent1 
• $133,ooo 
R E A L T O R S 
824-9631 
M O N - FR I O P E N T IL 8PM 

G u v C h i p m a n C o 

PRE-OWNED HOMES 
SEE THESE 
AND OVER 
9 oo OTHER 
PREOWNED 
NORTHEAST 
HOMES IN 
Son Antonio’s 
Fa stest Growing 
Area 

 lOVCRS DELIGHT 
Txciting single living concept!] 
Refrigerator, range, dtshwmber, remain Intercom system. Corner lot with pleasant view Shows | well! $32,9oo Niles 826 7 6 m. 
TEMtELL MILLS 
Quality 3-2-2 oil brick hame,1 custom built by GEIS. Great) location! Recently painted inside with D'Honis tile floors Built ins I in den, drapes stay Many lovely | trees. 
With cUpper sprinkler ] system. $59,9oo. Nites 826 7668 
BEAUTIFULLY 
LANDSCAPED 
Shows like a model! 3-2-2 tn live ! 
Oak Village. Supetb landscaping 
Immediate availability. $29,5oo 
Hites 657-1164. 
UNCLE SAM SAYS 
MOVE 
Owners sad to leave this better | than new home. Corner lot 
Garden kitchen with many I cabinets, fireplace in family j room, •’•ouhful and spacious mo- jesfy f n. 1964 sq. ft Nites 824 
9818 
PACKED WITH 
OWNER EXTRAS 
Dont miss looking ot this one!] 
Privacy fenced 
3-2-2 with fireplace in beautiful, established ] neighborhood 
A+ Rating so don t pass up! $36,6oo. Hites 494 
2191 
SO DELIGHTFUL 
Where else con you buy the] features ond benefits this home I offers for the price! Move in now, | 
3-2-2, with formal living ond din­ ing rooms plus separate family I room 
Privacy fenced yard, 
$37,5oo. Hites 824-9818. 
SPACIOUS AND LIKE 
NEW 
This practically new 3-2-2 is locot- ed on a quiet street in a lovely] new neighborhood, Mony extras were included in original | purchase, privacy fenced, nice j town and oak trees. Assume f HA j or new loan. Sell or will consider j second lien. 
Immediate oc­ cupancy. $38,25o 
Hites 656 
8218. 
PARK LIKE YARD 
NEEDS POOL 
3-2-2 in o pork like yard, large j enough for olympia sice pool, basket weave fence, vegetable garden, or flowers. Automatic garage door opener. Sparkling clean and neat. $38,25o. Hites j 
824-9818 
CHARMING NOME 
3-2-2, Valley Forge home, low] equity, nice lawn, paneled ] garage, quick possession. Im­ maculate 
$31,5oo. Nites 822-1 
9438. 
STATELY STYLE 
Assume low equity on this extra ] clean, 4-2-2 English styled home. 
Has everything Must see now! I 
$4o,4oo. Mites 494 2191. 
WHAT A GREAT 
BEGINNERS HOME 
Picture perfect 3-1 Vi-1, OPEN I 
AREA concept with vaulted J ceilings, (orner lot, sprinkler i system, superb landscaping, | freshly painted, open terms. 
$25,5oo. Hites 657-1164. 
LIKE NEW 
DOUMOUSE fresh os spring. 3-2 with finished j game room. OPEN living concept. 
Master bedroom, 18x1o, $27,99o. 
Niles 657-1164. 
AU. DRAPES STAY 
[ Tennessee Plan. High cathedral 
I ceilings lends spaciousness to this lovely 3-2-2, located in a quiet cul-de-sot 
Beautifully main­ tained. Patio 27o sq. ft. You will toll in love with this home. 
$39,ooo Hites 656-4781. 
STOVE-REFRIG. STAY 
[ 3-1W-1, many nice trees, stove ond refrigerator remain, large pontry, priced to sell. $22,9oo. 
! Hites 826 7668, 
SPARKLING HOME 
FOR ENTERTAININO 
| Walk to elem. school, and pool from this super immaculate home. 
XING sired master bedroom suite! (oil lo see this better than NEW DE5IGN III home with oversized covered patio, in­ tercom, Terra» entry, ond FREE- stondmg fireplace. $47,5oo. Nites 
826 7668 or 657-1164. 

DAY OR NITE 
6 5 3 * 6 8 4 8 

N£ W H O M E S IN 
NORTHWEST SAN 
ANTONIO 
COMING SOON 

ANOTHER FINE 
RAY ELLISON 
COMMUNITY 
6 8 1 - 3 o 2 o 

REALTY WORLD 

Ma eARTHUR HIGH 
3 M r*« *, IV» touts, v tt s<to«ti m i 4topjw»f. to#«R«i &*»»§, 

 m - m t * 9 * * * 
PRICE RICUCiD! 
4 W m i i , 2 imlkt v i a swl 4«»t. 
$cR*H> nt®* t**r® yurU **Iry. k* vjiIm*, t«n*«t *»• * 3 *4 pmmy Umo4 ywO. 
>• »« «m n. $55,5o6. itn 349- 
4(37. 
LOVE AT PURE SIGHT 
3 M m ®. 2 Mk, «*■ 

19 o3 FLAMINGO 
Aksmo Hgls. Schools, open terms. 
3 bedrooms, just off Braadwoy. 
This is o very nice house for 
$32,5oo ond that is on appraised 
FHA figure Coll 828-57o4 
ENJOY THIS SUMMER 
Pool ond dub room privileges go with this 3 bedroom 2 bath beau ty 13o14 El Senders You will enjoy this spacious den, family room, ond large fireplace to warm you this winter Call us to see it 
828-57o4 Priced $43,75o. 
CENTURY 2 1 

BOB RODGERS, REALTORS 
81o7 Broadway 

4mtt* jeret*. >«Íik*4 i» $33,566. tttttt 344-2437. 
REALTY W O RLD 
BILL SOUTHERN 
6 8 1 -3 2 3 2 

OVER 3 4oo SO- FT. 
4 bedrooms. 3 baths, 2 living areas, family room with fireplace and many, many badt-ms. At inched quarters 
Northeast whoofs. Almost 1 acre. Hites 656 
7 5 » 
WtNDCWST 
Beautiful garden entry to this 3 bedroom, 2 bath, fire place, lovely bfeakfast area, many bodt-ws, 
88o on patio. Extra room for of­ fice or sewmg. $72,5oo. Hites 
655 2394 
DfUOtfST 
Nice 3 bedroom, 2 bath Freshly painted inside and out, Hvmg and family rooms, electric fireplate, built ins in kitchen, spacious ond well kept. Only $25,9oo. Hites 
655-2394. 
HANDYMAN $WCIAl 
On the Guadalupe River Native stone, spacious 3 bedrooms, 3 baths, living room, large family room with wet-bar ond large den. 
Never lived in. Over 25oo sq. ft. 
Nites 656-758o. 
NAYLOR REALTY 
GALLERY OF HOMES 
656 552o 
691-1121 
341 919» 

TRADE IN yo u r o W h o u se fo r a n e w a ll b a ck hom e. 

£ A S Y TO DO: 
Yo u p ick o n e o f a o r n e w h o me s a n d w e ta ke yo u r o ld h o u se in fro d e 
N o b o th e r, n o d o u b le paym ents 

C o ll to d a y o n h o w to tra d e tn yo u r o ld h o u se o n a n e w o il b ttck hom e 
6 5 9 -o 4 7 1 

B y O w ner, E l Dorado, 4-2-î, fo r­ m ol livin g ond dining, den w ith fireplace, approx 2oo8 sq. t. 734 % 
VA. 456-6833 
B y ow ner, E i Dorado, 4-2-2, place, carpeted. 653 8o19. fi re - 

B y owner, E i Dorado, 4-2-2, near 
Randolph, Ft. Sam , sep arate liv ­ ing, dining room s, fam ily room , 
2ooo sq.tt brick, trees, 655-828o 
B y ow n er, E l Dorado, 3-2-2, car- peted, form al living room, dining ro o m , d e n , m u s t s e e to ap- preciate. $39,9oo 653-o423. 
B y O w ner, 4-2-1, firep lace, n e ar 
R a n d o lp h 
E q u ity and a ssu m e 
7) <tloan, $191. mo. 658-6165, 

 j A t M O N T E V IS T A, f ír e o ló c e .l 
•b d rm , d en in g a r a g e . 1o5 W . 
I Rosewood. 736-o173, 732-7732. 

BARGAIN 

B v O w ner, Fox R un. 4-2-2, 2,ooo sq .ft. 5s A cre . B e a u tifu l hom e, a s s u m e $13,ooo e q u ity , $38,4oo 
Balance, 656-4o43. 

BY OWNER? 
F r e e b ro ch u re fells how b u ye rs a n d s e lle r s p r o f it fro m 
H o m eow n er M a rk e tin g S e rv ic e . 
No salesm an will cail 349 4373. 
B Y O & N E R , 4 2 1, fully carpeted, fen ced , c o v e re d p atio , N E IS D , cent air-heat, v e ry clean $25,65o pm ts $177, equity and assum e 
653 8575 ______________________________ 
B y O w n er, im m a c u la te 4-2-1 in 

 b e a u tifu l fen ced ya rd . $26,5oo 
$ 1,5oo d o w n , 
$26o m o 
C a ll 
1-336-2442, Boerne, Tx. 

• B y 
O W N E R 
3-2 2 in 
H ig h 
(C o u n t r y 
E q u it y $3,ooo. B a l. 
• $46,5oo 
VA . 
5827 
EC H O 
W A Y 
■653-o119 
B y O w ner, 3-2-2 in O lym pia. F u ll 
• carpet, all appis, fenced, drapes. 
• Open financing. 655-o454, 658-5586. 
B Y O W N ER - L iv e Oak 3-2-2, o n ? 
• large living a re a, cul-de-sac, lots 
• ot trees, garden read y to harvest. 
' $33,5oo. 655-2934 _____________________ 
B y o w n er, 3 1 'i- ll n eat cle a n , c e n t h eat- air, fen ced , s to rag e , 
M acA rth u r, $22,4oo or equity and 
$158, 1o81o W ayw ard . 653-9588 
B Y OWNER-3-1' z-l. N eor schools 
OH P e rrin Beitel 654-257o 

 i Do you w an t a new 3 bed room home with «re p lace at last years i p rices? See this attractive home 
»with a lew equity. Im m ediate pos- i session. Nights, 456-8o15, 
349-4343 A nytim e 
Deanie Owens Co 
; 
R E A L T O R S Blonco Rd. Otc 
_______ _________________ 
I B A R G A IN H U N T IN G ? $375 is oil 
C o m e io t II 
C a rp e ts , b uilt-ins 
! it takes to get into this 3 bedroom i hom e w ith a ir, a p p lia n c e s and i carpet. Don’t pass it up! 696-o974 
| 
Fortuna Associates, 696-1412 

Ba nga in Hunter Specia l! 
! No down paym ent to anyone! 3-4 bedrooms, 2 baths, som e with air and all appliances. Paym e n ts less i than rent! 
B O B D e PA O LO j 344 3o91 
R E A L T O R 

Bea utiful! Bea utiful! j T ir e d of d ra b , c o u tte r e d , un- 
! im ag in ative 3 b edroom s houses j and y a rd ? Take heart, h e ar the 
! I delightful, open plan, exquisitely decorated! 2-way «re p lace opens 
II to both the huge fam ily room-klt- c h e n a r e a a n d liv in g - d in in g room C o ve re d p atio o ve rlo o k s the large and lovely, privacy- de­ signed garden. 2 baths and a dou­ ble g a ra g e . C all to d a y ! $48,9oo with $6,5oo equity N IT E S 824-446o 
828-5616 
R E A L T O R S 
M L S 
WORTH LOOP, IHC. 

Beautiful 2 story townhom e near 
W in d s o r P M 
$2,8oo e q u ity or lease w-ophon to buy 657 1824 
¡ ■ » B E A U T IF U L 3-2-2 w ith m a n y built-ins. A good b argain at only 
$37,ooo. Owner anxious, ca ll now 
IN T E R S T A T E 828-o755 til 8 pm 
4 B E O R O O M , 2 bath on cut de- sac, cen tra l heat- q ir, built-ins, 
$48oo equity. $272 mo. Call now. 
IN T E R S T A T E 828-o755 til 8 pm 
2 B E D R O O M 
It yo u c a n g et a lo n g on 2 b e ­ d ro o m s In s te a d of 3, h e r e ’s a c h a n c e to g e t y o u r m o n e y 's w orth ! F re s h ly p ain ted and all new fixtures and appliances being installed. C entral a m rh ea t, dish­ w a s h e r, ven ta- h o o d in c lu d e d . 
V e ry tittle cash needed to handle. 
Call 822-58o8. 
E D G IL B E R T R E A L T O R S 

§ BEDROOMS 
2 story home in E l Dorado, 5-3-2 w ith fo rm a l liv in g an d d in in g rooms, den with stone firep lace, eat in kitchen, utility room, inter- 
• com, extra large fenced yard , low 
6o s, by owner. 656-326o. 

Va lue Concious? 
If so , se e th is ch a rm in g ro ck h o m e co n sistin g o f 
3 -2 p lu s co m b o w ith fire p la ce . 
V a u lte d ce il­ in g s, 
Assu me p re se n t lo a n . Price in th e 3 o 's. 
“Encha nted Forest” 
Ro ck b e a u ty, co n sistin g 
3 -2 -2 , g re a t e n te rta in in g a re a . Be a u tifu l la n d sca p ­ e d co u rtya rd e n tra n ce . 
M a ke yo u rs th e lu cky fa m ily to ca ll th is h o u se 
"h o m e " 
Call 822-33o1 
Hartman Realtors 

SEITZ SEZ SEE 
Thes e Outs ta nding Va lues 
WINDCRIST GARDEN HOMES 
$6 6 ,ooo to $8 1,5 oo 
WtNDCREST NEW HOME 
$13 ,5 oo 
THE GUN 
Pre-Owned Townhous e 
$2 6 ,ooo 

Call MARV NATION 6 5 3 -8 9 2 6 
SEITZ & ASSOC., REALTOR 
824-2385 

EXCELLENT HOME 

EXCELLENT AREA! 
See an d a p p re c ia te th is lo v e ly 
5-2-2 in M acA rth u r T e rrace . It has separate living roam , dining room and fam ily room w ith fire p la c e 
H o ve the convenient of w alking to 
R e g e n c y E le m and M a c A rth u r 
Hi This home has a g re at floor p lan, a cowered patio and is si­ tuated on a quiet cul-de-sac. Nites 
826 oo54 
R E A L T O R S 
M L S 
828-5636 
WORTH LOOP. IWC. 

82o6 C A M P O B E L L O - Charm ing 3 bedroom with club bath has liv ­ ing-dining co m b in atio n , fa m ily room , la rg e b re akfast a re a and 
16x17 patio. Custom built home in excellent condition and location 
$3o,5oo. 342-9393 SHA-Agent. 
C H O IC E E A S T S ID E LO C A T IO N 
Com pletely rem odeled, new c a r pet, 3 bedroom . Must sell, no down paym ent. O w ner to pay allow able closing costs. 341-8134, 494-3229 
Abdo 
C im arron B y O w n er; Lik e New, 
3-2-2, L a rg e Fam ily R oom , F ire ­ p lace C e n tra l Air-Heat, C ap re t. 
D ra p e s , F e n c e d , L a n d s c a p e d , 
$34,5oo Low Eau ity, or N ew Loan, a fte r 6 658-o325. 

B Y O W N E R , N E IS D , 3-2-2, Old 
F a r m II, sp a cio u s liv in g a r e a 
O ve rsite d firep lace, fully ca rp e t­ ed. See to appreciate. Assum e or 
¡cony. M ake otter. 654-6153________ 
( B Y O W N E R . N E , 3-2, large mas- ite r bdrm , all re cen tly redecoraf- ed $27.ooo.655-3199. ________________ 
B Y 
O W N E R , 
N O R T H E R N 
H IL L S , 3-2-2, F ire p la ce . Assum e 
|7 % or 
R efinance 
Conv. 
Call 
6S6-o17S. 
____________________ 
B y Owner-Northwood B ric k 3-2-2, 
$44,95o, 924-5617, 826-1832 
Oft 7 P M 
B Y O W N E R N O R T H E R N H IL L S 
¡3-2-2, all b ric k , 2 liv in g a r e a s , 
¡fir e p la c e , p a tio c o v e r , fe n c e , 
$4o,9oo 656-2352. 

C O L O R F U L T I L E E N T R Y in ­ vites you to enter this 3-2-2 Chur­ chill Hi a re a home. L a rg e m aster suite, s ittin g a re a , open liv in g c o n c e p t. W a ll ot r o c k , F IR E - 
P L A C E D , screened patio, shaded bv H U G E O A K S. $46,9oo. 
RED CARPET 
342-3111 
R E A L T O R S 
494-1o58 

B y O wner, Old F a rm II, 4-2-2,16oo 
• sq ft. F ire p la c e , util. rm . C ov. p atio , in te rco m , p r iv a c y fen ce. 
¡$38,5oo. 7>® V 653-4915 
B y owner, 3-2-1, I owner, central a ir , n e a r N o r th s ta r M a ll, bus, scnool, see to appreciate, A lt s, 
¡826-4447 

C O N T EM PO R A R Y 
ST Y L IN G 
4 bedroom , 2 bath, lu xu ry carpet, beoutitul drapes, lots ot glass. All of th is on cul-de-sac n e a r golf course. 824-o171 
RED CARPET 
R E A L T O R S _____________ 

COUNTRY SIDE SPECIAL 
Lo vely executive two story, with p riv a cy fenced patio off m aster bedroom. G racious livin g replete with huge back yard. 

328-639T A nytim e 
Deanie Owens Co 
R ealtors-N E Loop otc_______ 

B v owner, Son Pe d ro Hills model home, 3-2-2, co rn er lot, Ig trees, paneled den, fireplace, breakfast b a y , sep u t ilit y , p r iv fe n c e d , g r e e n h o u s e , m a n y e x tr a s . 
$47,ooo. 494-32o5 aft 5, no a gents. 
B Y O W N E R : 4-2-2, separate den 
V illa g e N orth off P e r r in B eitel. 
M a n y extras. W alk lo Serna. No agents. $37,5oo 653-o849 

C U S T O M B U IL T 3 bedroom , 2’ z bath, den, m usic room and a fire­ place, plus extras. Lo cated on a beautiful corner lot. Call for appt. 
H U G H E S & B R IS C O E 
924-4311 R E A L T O R S 
1-663-5597 
D O C T O R S A Y S ’ ’ S E L L " th is 
• fo rm er m odel 3-2-2 hom e in E l ­ dorado. W alk to fishing lake, ten­ nis co u rts , and s im m in g pool. 
$43,95o. L o w e s t e q u ity in th e neighborhood. 656-1234 

BY OWNERS 
F R E E R e fe rra ls to other hom es 
" F o r Sale B v O w n e r" 342-9393. 
San Antonio Hom eowners B ro k e r 
B y O w n e r 
S P A C I O U S A N D 
S P A R K L IN G 3-2-2. AM am enities. 
W a lk fo p r e fe r r e d N E sch o o l. 
M an y, m any extras. 
$39,9oo. 
653-9319 
B y O w ner, 4-2-2, 18oo sq.tt F ir e ­ p lace , p r iv a c y fence, co m p lete y a r d , e x tr a s . E q u it y $1,2oo 
¡Am ount owed $42,7oo. Only 6 mo old, assum e povm ts. of $457 mo. 
No phone, must come by between 
5 and 8PM . Lo cated N o rth clitfe 
Golf Com m unity on IH 35 N orth off Cibolo- Hubertus exit. 
4922 
Brookhead 

BY OWNER 
2oo3 sq.ft. on .8 a c re (2 lo ts ), 5 b d rm , 3 bath, attach ed g a ra g e , utility rm , sundeek. brick-eedar, ce n tra l air-heat. Thousand O aks 
¡area, wkends-eves 
494-2736. 
• $53,ooo-firm._________________________ j B y owner, the C rest in L iv e Oak, p e rfe c t cond, 3-2-2, liv in g , den 
¡w ith F P , 1482 sq ft, cent a ir heat, 
¡n e w W -W c a r p e t , $65oo, no q u alifyin g assum ption, $297 mo, 
• or new loan. 656-8123 
B Y O W N E R , uniq ue floo r p lan w ith 52 ft. c o v e r e d p a tio 
L- 
Shaped living-dining with F re n c h 
• doors into 4th bedroom, spacious fam ily room with large firep lace, 
¡2 full baths, U tility room . E x tr a wide lot and p riv a cy fence. Close to swim m ing and tennis in Valen- cia. $51,5oo. 655-8o63. __________ _ 
B Y O W N ER - V alencia 4-3-2. 25oo 
• sq.ft. of functional luxury on cul- 
¡d e - s a c . 
C o n v e n ie n t to 
N E . schools, pool and tennis. 2 m aster 
• suites, m any built-ins, all extras. 
• A ssu m e 734 V A loan an d s a v e 
¡com m issions. 654-1286 

I mortori . 
|sauttiwe«t| realtq 

MONTE VISTA 
! A ttra c tiv e d u p lex n e a r T r in ity 
U niv. 2 bedroom , 1 bath, liv in g 
I roo m , d in in g ro o m e a c h u n it, i Separate m eters. $34,5oo 
M O N T E V IS T A R E A L T Y i 715-o485 R E A L T O R S - M L S 822-oo75 

WHITE WYATT ASSOC 
R E A L T O R S 
655-7641 

* 

* 

♦ 

♦ 

♦ 

* 

♦ 

♦ 
* 

* 

 bounty 

Real Estate 
Association Inc 

< i » i l l ¡g hi 

W H Y P A Y R E N T ? Own your own home No down p aym en t 3-4 be drooms, fenced 

2 o2 -HOUSES OPEN 

C U ST O M 
XON Compa ny 
O M H O M E B U Il C 

Thelma B. Preissman 
3-2' j , C o rn er fenced yard pm ts 
$229 e q u ity 
$32oo. c o n v - 
Randolph 
Ft 
Sam 653 8o4o No 
Agents. 

698-2445 

• A B e s t D eal Eq u ity* 
C ash in full I d ay! I buy hom es only Any condition or are a B ig e q u ity O K 
I p a y e v e r y t h in g ! 
( B r o k e r a n d a t to r n e y s le a d s p aid) Coll 24 hours, 433-1295 ask tor Adolph 828 481? nites, 
_ 
A T T E N T IO N G O V T O W N E D 
H O M E S for sale Down paym ent 
$2o and up G R E A T E R V A L U E 
R E A L T Y , 6516143 

CASH for H O M ES 
W e buy H O M E S and E Q U IT IE S . 
Honest, E ffic ie n t, ond F a s t S e r ­ vice. W e p ay a ll Closing Costs. 
Coll Tony or Bernice, 341-6236. 
S P E C IA , R E A L T O R S 

 o h m tio e * « io o 
4 4 2 3 CYPRESS WOODS 
In W O O D S O f SH A V A N O oH 
» A H K S irt 
W O O D S brick c e u r t-y e r * ie tid i to 
S a ltillo tile e n try 
. , . liv in g -d in in g cem b in a tta n l The (a m ity ro o m hes a h u g e, tte n e fire p la c e b a r a nd kitch en 
3 b e d re a m t 
(m a tte r b e d ro o m h a * e » to p - d o w n sitting aree) 2 b a th * w ith dres s ing a re « *. P a tie l 
$3 2 ,3 o o UCAtrORS « 8 1 - 2 9 o o 
GUY CHIPMAN CO. 

S T U N N IN G 2 S to ry co n te m p o r­ a ry in Thousand O aks Spacious co untry kitchen ond m a ste r b e­ droom with skylights, stone and ced ar fam ily room ; huge decks, rom an both, fire p la c e , w efb ar, 
S a ltillo tile and p a rq u e t floo rs throughout 
2 c a r g a ra g e w ith attached work room B y appoint­ ment. 494-5o8o $86.9oo 

2 o4 PROPERTY OUT OF To« n8 

SCASH I 
IR H O M E OR 
F O R Y O U R H O M E OR E Q U IT Y 
W E P A Y A L L C L O S IN G CO STS 
924-4331 
H U G H E S & B R IS C O E 
Cosh f»r your Northside equity 
L a rr y Bornebey34l 4455, 684 29o9' 
, 
, TMI N U M « IS t<5 C A il 
1$ 225- 1666 
{ X P ffiS AND N! WS 

A L L B R IC K 3 bedroom 1* * bath 
H O M E B U IL T ON Y O U R LO T 
-j $17,5oo 1o11 G o rdina off W A ve j S P E C IA B U IL D E R S Inc 349 1491 

FOX BUN NORTHEAST 
I 
3-4 Bedrooms-VA-Conv 
No City Taxes j 
From $46,ooo to $54,ooo 
¡344 1624 H A R R IN G T O N 654 o44o 
O P E N H O U S E 
B Y O W N E R 
M e d ic a l C e n te r 
(A rea. Satu rd ay ond Sunday, 1 to 
5 
B e a u tifu l 4 b e d ro o m s . 681o 
¡K IN G L O U IS ¿96 7652 

2-F, 3+ a c r e lo ts n e a r N e w 
B ra u n fe ls , 2o m in 
L o o p 4to in 
C o m a l Co., H ill C o u n try , new rood, owner will ca rry with sm all down or discount for cash 
1-625 8 
6 
o 
4 
_____________ 
5 A C R E S a t S m ile y on p a v e d road, double g a ra g e and sm a ll apartm ent. W ell, fenced, $12,ooo 
924 8114, 337-4927 
H Y A T T R E A L E S T A T E 
6 A C R E S Fire p lace , 4 bedrooms. 
R ep airs needed Price d to move 
Ple ase h u rry ! Sam W ord , R e al for, I *63 2421. D evine Texas 

Bea uticia ns Attention 
; beauty salon and reducing salon 
) together, 2ooo sq ft a t ch o ice 
• co rn e r locatio n. A ll eq uip m ent. 
I d rap es, c a rp e t plus o w n er w*tl 
) train at no cost A choice invest­ m ent tor dedicated professional. 
I T e rm s a v a ila b le on p u rc h a s e , i $43.9oo. 1-379 o19o 
Century 21 
S E G U IN R E A L A 1 INC 

C R O W N R I D G E T O W N H O M E 
' has 3 bedroom s, i ' i b aths! L i v ­ ing, d in in g ro o m s p lus fa m ily 
! room with fireplace and smoked 
S glass doors to pretty patio! Near 
■ Pool! 
$44,5oo 
R E A L T O R S 
658-7oo7 
24 MR. T E L E P H O N E S E R V IC E 
Guv Chipman Co 

ELEGANT 
2 B R , 2 b o th c o n d o - m te rio r d e c o r a t o r tiv e s h e r o ! C h o c. 
; brown carpet, m irro red w all and 
• F P in living room. $31,5oo. 
824-2385 
S A L L Y W E IR 
6564o68 
Seitt & Assoc, Realtors 

T R I P L E X - N E A R R A N D O L P H 
A lw ays rented. Ex ce lle n t in v e st­ m e n t, go od in c o m e 
W a lk to schools. Tenants p ay own utilities. 
$24,ooo. 
R E A L T O R 
491-13oo 
Century 21 

E L A IN E L U D W IG « ASSO C 

A M SC MOO L S- T er r el I Mills. State ly 2-story b r ic k , 4-3 p lu s q trs , 
3-ear gar., 9-hole putting green, 
JO N E S K IN G 826-2439 _____________ 
A L A M O H E IG H T S 
P a t te r s o n 
A ve. ail b rick h om e p e rfe c t to rem odel. 2 bd rm , 1 bath, livin g room, separate dining, b reaktast room, sm all fam ily sitting room area, great lot with pecan trees. 
W E S T R E A L T Y 6S4-4494. $59,5oo 
A L A M O H E IG H T S 
B e a u tif u l r e c e n tly re m o d e le d h o m e , 3 bdrm s, carp eted , 2 bath, livin g room w ith F P , s e p a ra te dining room. Flo o rs refinished , cen tra l heat and air, m aid 's q u arters with both 
W E S T R E A L T Y 
456-4494, 
$59,5oo. 
A LA M O H G T S B y ow ner, 1 large bedroom s, new carp etin g , 2 tile b a th s , m o d e rn k it c h e n w ith breakfast area. Hardw ood Moors ond f ir e p la c e in liv in g d in in g areo, cen tra l a ir, la rg e g arag e, 
$57,ooo. 824-3o1). 

R E A L T O R S 
M L S 
656-1351 

THf a c t io n N UM Ste to e t AST e ts u trs tHACt r o u e WANT AD 
IN THf tX PP fS S N tW S 
CAU 725-1666 

B Y O W N E R 
5 acres com pletely covered with toll pines and oak*. 3 m iles from 
Bastrop city limits. N ear Bastrop 
S ta te P a r k an d L a k e B a s tro p 
City water. $3oo down-easy term s 
1 321 392o. 1 321 9363 

LIVE IT UP! 
On w eekends instead ot m ew ing an d w e e d in g 
C a ll to see the selection of townhom es located on 
B ro o k h o tlo w D r ., in R o llin g 
Ridge, or close to Lackland , N ew or equity 
34 9-14 36 Any time 
BASSE WEILBAOHER 
INC. R E A L T O R S 
L O V E L Y 
E N C H A N T E D 
V IL L A G E 
Condo. 3 bed room s, 2 '» b aths, large living with fireplace, s e p ar­ ate dining, p riv acy fenced potto, btg reduction Ask for G ita Lucas. 
3 4 1-9166 A N YTIM E 
Century 21 
H O W A R D T A T E R E A L TO R S 

I 
MEDICAL STUDENTS 
M ockingbird Pond Condom inium 
N e a r M e d ic a l Scho ol co m p lex , 
7711 Callaghan, unit 715. L iv e in­ expensively, perhap s with a profit m 3 fo 4 ye a rs 2 bedroom , 2 bath, ground le ve l unblem ished, with custom e x tra s . $29,95o O w n e r, 
149-5694 after 6 pm 

TRIPLEX 
On Haves St. L iv e tn one and let the other 2 m ake your paym ents. 
CaH John W inn 533-7143, 624-2474 
B O B JO N E S , R E A L T O R S 
KEY GROUP 

36 unit opt complex in best section ot growing U vald e, Tx. 

STEWART REALTY 

3 4 B-S4 8 1 ,3 4 9 1 6 4 6 

ALAMO HGTS. SCHOOLS 
4 Bedroom , 2 bath, oil b rick, p ar­ q uet flo o rs , w e ll la n d s c a p e d , priced in mid $4o's, 181o Edgehitl, drive by then coil your agent. 

ALAMO HOTS SCHOOLS in Old A lam o H gts 
2 bed room charm er. A steal at $16,ooo. 
R O U G H R ID E R R E A L T Y 
654-7131 

4 BEDROOMS 
W in d crest. A floor p lan that a f­ fords p rivacy. Pan eled den, fire ­ place. Brick. 655-933o 

Dix ie Ros e, Rea itor 
824-7334, A nytim e 

Bes t Buy in Windcres t 

4 b e d ro o m s , 2 d e c o r a t o r baths, large living, dining and fa m ily room . C e d a r shingle roof, co vered patio. $64,ooo. 
Cali for details 
Reese Henry 
Realtors 
6SS-3584 Anytime 

~ iE S T BUYS I m TOWN 
The G len. 3 b edroom s, 2 baths, ce n tra l heat-air, carp e t, call we h a v e o th e rs in a r e a 824-452), nites 337-8478 
Turner Realty 

B R IC K AND RED W O O D 
Sp acio u s 3 b e d ro o m , 2 b ath in 
S H E A R R E R H IL L S ! F ire p lace in 
18x2o livin g a r e a ... larg e form al dining room... eat-in country kit­ chen. Gorgeous covered patio for outside entertaining! $48,ooo 
69 o -9 8o 2 
GREAT AMERICA 
REALTORS 
1 8R o O K H O L L O W E S T A T E S 
( J u s t lif t e d ! 3-2*2, f ir e p la c e , u , 
I separate dining, all carpeted, ?* 1 H i 
? 
7, l ° f 
1 b r ck . Too m any ‘‘G o o d ie s " to 
, list! Call 349-45o3, 341-585! 
Ma nila Wortey Rea ttors 

B R O o m ra 
I Ju s t Listed and It’s a B e a u ty ! 2 
• Story home with 3 bedroom s plus 
| b onus roo m . S p a c io u s fa m ily roo m . F u lly c a rp e te d . Lan d s- 
! coped. Eau ity is only $65oo A N D 
IT S 
Y O U R S !! 
828-4343, nites j 453-9594 

Conwlius 8 As s ocia tes 

8 2 9 ,5 oo i B u ys this 3 bedroom , 2 both home, has covered patio, fully draped. 
! N ice large yard . B etter than new. 
Nights, 494-1832. 
349-4343 A nytim e 
Deanie Owens Co 
R EA L T O R S - Sto n co Rd Otc 

B y o w n e r, 3-2-2, a c r o s s fro m 
M ad iso n H ig h , fir e p la c e , huge fa m ily- liv in g room , w ith ca th e ­ d ra l ceilings. 14o6 Sq. ft. livin g area. P riv a c y fence, im m aculate. 
$36,3oo Conventional or assum e 
$293 mo. otus 
$7,9oo 
Eau ity. 
4561169. 

B y O wner Agent, Rem odeled 3-1 
Doll House, A lam o Heights School 
$36 5oo. 323 Ookteof 828 2o52 

B Y O W N E R . 4-2-2, all b rick, lux­ ury home, 1825 sq.tt Ju s t 2 years old! Reduced to sell! 13oo6 Lark- lair. 656 896o. 

EXCEPTIONAL 
T h is lo v e ly 3-2-2 hom e h as tw o liv in g a re a w ith sp lit b ed room a rra n g e m e n t. L a rg e c o rn e r lot w ith s p rin k le r system 
N e x t to clu b , nool, ond te n n is c o u rts . 
M a n y e x tra s . $48-5oo 656-3441, 
■ nites, 656-8178. 
DON JO H N S O N , R E A L T O R S 
KEY GROUP 

E X E C U T IV E S P E C IA L 
Prestigious 4 bedroom , 2 both, 3 ca r garo ge, den, fire p la c e pius glassed-in sunroom 34x16 heated oool, dog run, sp rinkler system 
An e xcellen t b argo in at $55,ooo appraised price! 
W A L K TO M A C 
This 3 bedroom home on large lot betw een B ro a d w a y an d N aco g doches. Only $24,5oo. Convention at or assum e 
N E A R W IN D S O R M A L L 
Lo vely 3-2-2 with firep lace, single liv in g co n ce p t, c o v e r e d p o lio , p riv a cy fence, excellent condition and only $37,5oo Open term s. 
C entury 21 
W H IT E H E A D - H O L ID A Y 
341-7115________________R E A L T O R S 

EXECUTIVE SPECIAL 
4 B E D R O O M S 
La rg e brick colonial in beautiful 
Northwood Estates. 3 baths, for m at and in fo rm a l d in in g are o . fa m ily room w ith fire p a c e ond b e au tifu l co ve re d p atio . B a k e r built home. In the 8o's. 
826-o6o6 
R E A L T O R S 
826-6497 
S U E W E E M S & A SSO C . 
KEY GROUP 

EXTRA NEAT S2 4 ,5 QQ 
E . Te rrell Hills, 3-1 > i, panel den, cent heat, assum e $153 mo 
828-o665 
736-1766 
655-9382 
W A T SO N & SON R E A L T O R S 

FANTASTICO!! 
Less than 3 years old, yet offering so m u c h . L a rg e 3 b e d ro o m , 2 bath, form al living and dining, big f a m ily ro o m w ith f ir e p la c e 
Assum e low interest V A . $41,8oo 
Nites 655-5693. 
RED CARPET 
C e n t u r y 2 1 

DOLI HOUSE 
B y o w n e r, 3-2-2 on cul-de-sac, forced sate ot $3o,ooo 661-7292, no agents, 58o6 P e e r Lake. 
D O N ’ T T O U C H ! T h e p o in t is fresh in this com pletely carpeted, 
3 bedroom , 2 bath hom e! Living room 33’ tong plus fam ily room. 
$33,5oo. 
R E A L T O R S 
653-7341 
24 H R . T E L E P H O N E S E R V IC E 
Guy Chipman Co 

D O N ’T W A N N A B O A S T 
But you’d love to be host in this 3 
; bedroom , 2 bath Eld o ra d o dream , 
¡w ith w o o d b u rn in g fir e p la c e in 
• fam ily room. Under 4o. 653-4361 
S O D E R M A N R E A L T Y 
• SO D O W N , U P ON T - B IR D M IL L 
• B rick Spanish entering, 4-2* ¿-2« 2 
1 story, enclosed patio. 
733-9111 
B 
G O N Z A L E S 623-1369 
O R IV E S L O W L Y BY7722 G rass 
| Hollow in L iv e Oak you m a y w ant to stop for a tew y e a r s ! L o v e ly i 4-2-2, fam ily room with fireplace, 
■ g a rd e n k itch e n . P r ic e d at only 
$39,5oo. 
Call 
828-8195. 
Now 
R E A L T O R S 

M O N E Y S A V E R S R E A L T Y f 
656-242o A N Y T IM E ________ 

F IR S T O F F E R I N G of this IM 
M A C U L A T E 3 2 2 d re a m home 
T e r r a z o e n tr y o p e n s to la r g e 
F I R E P L A C E D liv in g , b a v e d d in in g , built-in b u ffet. C ustom d ra p e s , lan d sca p e d c o rn e r lot 
Side en try garoge. $51,9oo 
RED CARPET 
342 3111 
R E A L T O R S 
494-1o58 

FIRST OFFERING 
621o F o rt M addin m Po p u lar V a l­ ley Forge, customized 3-2-2 home w ith v a u lte d c e ilin g in fa m ily room . Lo w equity, N E Schools. 
Upper $3o S 824-o213 

COOK CO. REALTORS 
F IR S T T IM E ON M A R K E T 

•LUXURY 4 BEDROOMS* plus q u arters. This e nticing one s to r y is in p e r fe c t c o n d itio n 
D e c o r a t o r ’s liv in g a n d d in in g room s. C het's com p lete kitchen 
Skylighted fam ily room with fire p la c e op ens to tile d p a tio an d landscaped grounds. 826-2347 
BEMAJLPEI 
Thelma R. Preissman 

FIRST TIME OFFERED 
B e a u tif u l 5 b e d ro o m s , 3 b ath home, on large co rner lot in N E 
S ch o o ls . T h e 32x18 p a tio , an d brick b-b-q. covered by a um auc beam ed cathedral roof, overlooks a beautiful yard and garden with 

B y O w ner, V a lle y F o rg e , 4-2-2, 
192o sq ft Super floor plan M ust see to believe, assum e $395. mo. 

B v o w n e r, V a le n c ia a r e a , im- i m aculate 2 story home, 4 bdrm , 
(2' z bath, se p arate dining, livin g 
• rooms, la rg e fa m ily room w ith 
• F P , beautiful kitchen ond break- 
• fast areo, 
255o sq.ft. 
$59,5oo. 
• 453-o381 
________________________ 
B y owner, Valencia, 4-2-2, heated 
¡pool w ith S P A , 21oo s q u a re ft., 
¡$ 13,ooo equity, $354 m o , 654 6725. 
B Y O W N E R , V A L L E Y F O R G E , 
13-2-2, fir e p la c e , o v e rs iz e d lot, 
¡p riv a c y fence Eq uity and assum e pmts. 656-3449. __________________ ___ 

BY OWNER 
W IN D S O R M A L L A R E A - 3-2-2, 
¡ liv in g , d in in g , p a n e le d d e n . 
• b r e a k t a s t a r e o , n ew c a r p e t , 
• painted in and out, walk to N E . 
1 school, central A H, fenced, nice 
I yard . F o r appt 656-6691 

334 E A S T L E Y 
3-2-1, im m aculate inside and out, covered patio, fenced, new carpet 
J E R R Y S M IT H 494-3855 

EAST TERRELL HILLS 
C o m fortab le 3 bedroom . 2 bath fir$B 'ac.e P r Lced untJer ! greenhouse! P e rfe c t To r'the out 
$2o,ooo F o r details and viewing, door fam ily cail 653-o57o A N Y T IM E g24. 2391 ( A n y t j m e ) 

Deanie Owens Co 
R EA L T O R S - A u stin H w y O k 
G A R D EN H O M ES 
B u ilt by Le ro y Sladek in Nothern 
H ills, P u rch a s e existing m odels o r h a v e y o u r o w n p la n custom-built. Price d from $45,ooo 
Q u iet setting. C a ll 824-o171 for p rivate showing. 
RED CARPET 
R E A L T O R S 

BY OWNER 

WORLD WIDE REALTY 
E A S Y A S S U M P T IO N - 3-2-2, huge s in g le iiv in g a re a . F ir e p la c e , 
3iB r ic k , patio' finished garage. 2 
Yrs. old 
Vacant. 
349-65o3, 
| 822-16o1 

Ma rtha WnrlBv Rea ltors 

El Dora do a nd Oly mpia 

4 Bedroom a od Pools 
I Turn ua the air conditioning! Cool 
| down in your pool! M ak e one of these su p er-lo vely hom es your 
• v e ry ow n 
Both h a v e b e au tifu l 
1 space, a fire p la c e , 2 ta rg e well- l d eco rated livin g a r e a s , 2 baths ond double garage, huge covered putio plus pool patio, in the $5o’s 
See today! N IT E S 824-446o 
828-5636 
R E A C T O R S 
M L S 
WORTH LOOP INC. 

WINDCREST GARDEN HOME 
B u t not th e a v e r a g e g a rd e n 
■home! Custom designed for lux­ u r io u s , c a r e f r e e liv in g , id e a l 
• location, t iter than new co n d i­ tio n , q uali.y throughout, 2-2 with i study, sewing room-office, 3 cor 
¡g a ra g e e q u iva len t with sto rage 
1 and workbench, growing garden, 
! p lu s m a n y o th e r e x tr a s b u ilt a ro u n d 25oo sq.tt of a ir c o n d i­ tioned space 653-o216. 

EL DORADO AREA 
B y o w n e r, t r a n s fe r r e d , 3-2-2, 
17X4o sw im m ing pool, co vered , carpeted patio, clean, good condi­ tion. 653-5296. 

ELECTRIC CURTAINS 
B y ow ner, soda dispensers, built in stereo system , full wetbar. This 
19oo sq ft 2 bedroom, 2 bath cus tom built home is an entertainer's d re a m ! O n iy $46,5o8 C a ll a n y ­ time. 822-5539 or 342-3174 

73 14 GLEN HAVEN 
E x t r a n ice 3 b e d ro o m , 2 both home. Central air-heat, com plete ly carpeted, garage converted to 
T V. room . C o n ve n ie n t to R a n doioh. Ft. Sam and W indsor P a rk 
M all 
F o r viewing, call 653-o57o 
A N Y T IM E 

WORLD WIDE REALTY 

G L IS T E N S A N D G L E A N S - Fu lly carpeted, single living are a with fire p la te . 3 bed room s, 2 baths 
$41,ooo. Nites 653-6116 
C entury 21 
T R IC O , R ealtors 349 6491 

(2o) U N IT S . F u rn is h e d . P O O L 
Laund ry. $13,5oo cash down. Good income. 923*2665 

4 UNITS 
$29,ooo. In c o m e $4o6. s e p a r a te utility m eters. C o nstantly stays rented. Convenient location. 
G R A C E L A IR D 734-4235 736-ooo7 

2 18 HOUSES MOftTHEKST 

1o ACRES 
Rock home with airp ort view on io acres. Stocked lake, sw im m ing pool and kennels. Choice p roperty near countryside 
C A L L 4 9 4 -S2 2 7 
A r m s t r o n g C o 

ALAMO HEIGHTS 
F IR S T O F F E R IN G 
O ld A la m o H e ig h ts c h a rm in g fram e home F resh ly pointed, liv- mg room, dining area, den, 2 be­ drooms, spacious kitchen with a bonus: stove, re frig e ra to r, dish washer, w asher, and d rye r. Call 
Carol C ate tor an app t. 822-5228, 
828 5471 
Strouder Nels on Rea lty 

A L L T H A T G L IT T E R S , can be found in this 3-2-2 in M ission Hills. 
A short blk. from W oodlake Gait course P ric e d in the high $5o's. 
C ail 828-8195 for o th e r ex citin g extras. R E A L T O R S 
RED CARPET 

A L O V E L Y 4-1*3-), N E . School 
O tttri ct. Only $25o down, $239 mo. 
NO cred it? O K ! 922-2173, 673-5154, 
675-9294 
P a t M c v e y R e a l Estate 

B v owner, 4 bdrm , 2 both, 2 car g a ra g e , 2ooo sa lt s w im m in g poot, priv fence, w alking distance 
2 schools, 
N E IS D 
656 46o4, 
653-3193. 

BY OWNER 

6 12 ALTA 

REDUCED! 
B rick 1 story m Choice T M I Sec­ tion. Custom built; form at livin g room w ith fir e p la c e , s e p a ra te dining room with built-ins, 3 be­ drooms, 2 baths, spacious fam ily room with wet b ar ond fireplace. 
A ll this designed around beautiful oaks. M aid 's q uarters, sp rinkler system Now $165,ooo. 826-847o 

Fra nces Attflett O’Neiil 

ATRIUM HOME tm m a c u lo te 3-2 2 b u ilt a 'o u n d blooming atrium lOO^e stucco, 2o' co ve re d polio, lo v e ly la n d s c a p ­ ing, convenient to Randolph, Ft. 
Sam $39,ooo. Nites 655 7492 
Century 21 

M O N E Y S A V E R S R E A L T Y 
656 242o A N Y T IM E 

Beau tifu l In te rio r, M u st See To 
Appreciate, W ate r Settner, inter­ co m , F ir e p la c e , 4 b e d ro o m s , m any extra v e ry unique, approx. 
24oo sq ft $55,9oo. 653-4o86. 

B Y O W N E R , beautifully cared for home, 4-2-2, larg e paneled fa m i­ ly- livin g roo m , w ith fir e p la c e , carpeted, screened patio, walking diet to school. M any extras. Con­ v e n ie n t to R A F » - Ft 
$ a m , 
(L iv e O ak). $4o,5oo $7,4oo Eq uity, 
653-3794. 

B v ow n er, b e a u tifu l 3 - M , $/Sii c a s h , $2 3 o o 2nd lie n , a s s u m e 
$t79 mo . a p p ls, p riva cy fe n ce 
337-6613 
; 

Bv o wn e r, Co me io t i, $3,Ooo u n d e r m a rke t. 3 -2 -2 , sp o tle ss, a ssu me , sa ve 653 -32 89_ _ _ _ ___ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ 
B Y OWNER Cq me lQl II Like n e w 
3 -2 -2, la rg e « re p la ce d d e n , ca r p e ts, b u ilt-in s, te n te d . M a n y e x 
Ira s. $37,5oo. $2 5oo d o wn , $336 mo 
I 336 2447. Bo e rn e , Tx 
••B Y O W N ER** 
ELDORADO. 4 2 2 
I B lk s c h o o l, p o o l a n d la k e . 
P riv a c y fe n ce , p a tio , fru it a n d sh a d ** tre e s o n I Jo« 9 O' lo t, 1873 So ff Livin g d in in g , p iu s fa m ily ro o m a n d b re a kfa st n o o k Bu ilt-in d ish - wa sh e t, sto ve a n d se lf cle a n in g o ve n La rg e sto ra g e clo se ts a n d i w o rk b e n ch in g a ra g e . C e n tra l a ir h e a t 7 % V A $46,9 oo 656-7748 

B y owner, W oodlake, cul-de-sac, 
! 3-2 2, liv in g room , and p an e le d fa m ily room , ca th e d ra l ce ilin g , 
¡ f u lly c a r p e te d , la n d s c a p e d , p r iv a tv tented, upper $3o,’s. A s­ sum e 73>*V-A, O w ner c a r r y p art 
I 2nd note. 661-771o after 12 noon 
B Y O W N E R , W O O D L A K E , 4 2-2 
! 2 dining areas, cathedral ceiling, j appl incl, retrig. P r iv a c y fenced, 
¡cul-de-sac. 15 m in to R an d o lp h 
I and Ft. Sam . $37,5oo or equity and 
, $3o6 7?« VA. 661-6855. ________________! 

CAMELOTI 
I 3-2-2, F a m ily room with fireplace, on quiet cul-de-sac. C o vered p a ­ tio, Outside storage E a s y w alking d istan ce to oil le ve ls N o rth ea st sch o o ls 
M a n y o th er fe a tu re s , n e a r W in d s o r P a r k M a il. N o agents. 653 698o. 

HOUSE BEAUTIFUL 
E n jo y cooking on a built in b b a under a beautiful co vered patio 
L o v e ly d e co r s u rro u n d s this 4 bedroom , 2 bath, 2 c a r g a ra q e, lo cate d in p o p u lar N .E school 
ENCHANTED FORREST locotea m popu,or r 

HU s c h O ki'e *o r^e o . °3 * b e*d r o^m s! 
« '* large m aster suite, 2 baths, den, c e n t r a l h e a t a n d a ir , n e a r | elem entary school. 
826-o6o6 
R E A L T O R S 
822-1646 j 
S U E W E E M S & A SSO C 
KEY GROUP 

656*3ooo Anytime 
Deanie Owens Co 
R E A L T O R S Pe rrm B eitel Oft 
H O U S E OF N E W V A H O M E S 
A ll areas, size and price 
3-2-2 with fireplace. $34,ooo 
824-! 279 A nvtim e 

C A M E L O T II 
T h is s u p e r 3 b e d ro o m , 2 b ath h o m e is f r e s h ly p a in te d a n d p riced to sell! L a rg e covered p a­ tio and drapes $212 mo. and easy assum ption. 656-7717 
Century 21 
Ja m e s G lascock X Assoc 
C A M E L O T II 
4 2 2, built-in kitch e n , ca rp e te d single living a re a, covered patio, furbo vents, m etal storage shed, fruit trees. 
Assum e 
$25? paym ents 
Century 21 
653-8131 B ill P a rk in s Rlty655-5226 

CAMELOT io v tiy 3 bedroom s, ce n tra l heat- o ii a p p lia n c e s . L a r g e fe n c e d yard . E a s y term s A ssum e $167 mo or refinance W ill trade 
B O B O eP A O L O 
344 3o9] 
R E A L T O R 

EH© .. e r t i y n g 

Open Monday thru Friday 8 A.M. to 5:3o P.M. 
DEADLINES: 

M onday thru Thursday 
5;o o P.M . for Following Day 
Friday 1 ;3o for Saturday 
Friday 5 P.M. for Sunday 
Friday 5;3o P.M . Far Monday 

CLOSED SATURDAY AND SUNDAY 

Cancellations and Corrections can be made 

Monday thru Friday 8 A .M . hi 5:3o P.M . 

 i 
The Ix p tm s N ew s t o m oecepfs responsil 
\ 
)o/ e rrors the firs t duy o f public a tion only 

IjU s , 
¿ 9 X 9 ) ^ a - 

 iXPRESS-NEWS BOmiS ABS 
TEXAS SIZE SAVINGS... 

S u 
N 
E 
S 
I O days 
# 

NON COMMERCIAI! 
CANCELIABif 
WITHOUT 
RATE CHANGE 

2 
2 
S 
- 1 
6 
6 
6 
O U IC K R E S U ir S I 

REALTY WORLD 

CLOSE TO USAA 
Qaidi miafmKf m mitm aiM I 
M w e, 1 Mfe. 
M y » m i. cm*n4 
Mirici mm , « tf« « « 
ìmc« « y « 4. f t vM . m u u m n . 
IT’S lUYINO TIME far YM tf fw wm» • ) Mimbi, i 
M k « M « M k% IWm « M . Yaltt ktt- dna, hwks fm ay tM« *4cwr- 
H t fwtf. 
M ( k 
Oaly 
S S Ijai.N ln M I- IM 7. 

$ 2 3 , 9o o 

IM 's i l » M k ii tM Ik k m i ) 

(•omI (Ma» laatad fwi, ita mfcar ia*<eeielei,le**<. 
Wm 71S-I»$. 
REALTY WORLD 
MLL SOUTHERN 

3 4 2 - 4 1 7 7 

W j^ -W IIH g T 

REALTY WORLD 

THOUSAND OAKS SHOWCASf 
If you love o lot of spoce, otrkjms, 
^losSa ood confomporory ityiinq . 
CAU US NOW! TH«se uOHju« Homes ore moving FAST! 
6 9 o - es o a 
• l A l T Y W O R L D 
U N M U U IR RIRLTORS 
V 
^ 

GREENRIDGE NORTH 
Nearly new oil brick 4 bedroom, 2 botb home witb double garage. 
Beautiful kitchen, tots of carpet, plus o hreplpce. Located on quiet cul-de-sac. For details ond view­ ing, call 6S4-1844 A N Y TIM E 

WORLD WIDE REALTY 

WHITI/WYATT 
ASSOCIATE 
RIAITORS 

Just A Few 
O f O ur Hom es 
« *6-A '**A « 'A *er**# S r 
THE HILLS 
O ut Perrin Seitel 
3 -2 .2 
$3 2 ,4 o o 

WOODSTONE 
Out 
Nacogdoches 
3-2-1 
$3 5 ,9 o o 

ENCHANTED 
VILLAGE 
Off W e st Ave. 
3 -2 -2 Condo 
$5 4 ,9 o o 

WILSHIRE 
ESTATES 
3-1 -Carport 
$2 3 ,9 o o 
# 
« « * # A « A A # A # ♦ 
VALLEY FORGE 
4 -2 -2 
$4 2 ,9 o o 

CAU ANYTIME 
655-7641 

HOmRmRERST 

OWNERS 
TRANSFERRED 
And Anxious for gukk sole on the» W tk ond tedor home in 
Ook Terroce. 4 kedrooms, 2 both, lotQe living room, end separóte foffldy room. In the 4o’s. 
Please submit oH reosonobit offers. 
828-6391, ANYTIME 

DEANIE 
OWENS CO. 
K A tTO RS-dM S 

REALTY WORLD 
EASY LIVIN G 
You 
MUST see this spoctous bedfoom townhouw to opprecKiTe the greenhouse and qutef n^ghborhond 
CaR NOW for cm appointment. 
6 eo - 9 s o a 
R iA L T V W O R L D 

T IR K ltt mis 
3-2. plus den. lovely hardwood floors, freshly pointed inside and out-move in low 4o s, 
NORTHKIDGt 
3 lV?-2, ton- vemont to oil schools, shopping tenters ond bus. Mid 3o s, ftlAIAO HGIS 
Chormmg Medit tereon home, ceiling tens in locge 
Mfden room. Mid 5*'s. 

S S O 
I P ’* ’'“’™ 
HARDY A CO REALTORS 

The Mills. 3-2-2, control heot-olr, den, buitt-in applianc es, patio. 
Assume or refinance. Call Ann 
ERA 
532-31o7 iMGK MITCHELL 
Reoltor 
648-33o7 

O M iilR H Ä r f S - T i L r i S T M T bedroom, 1 bolts, living room and den. M x2M lot. Assume t l2 f me. or refinonce. For detoHs, coll 
34» -147o 
Hector Herbeck Rmilty , inc. 

PROUD AS RVNCH 
E n lo y the good life ®t th is 4 bedroom, 2Vi both, hom e with fireplace and olmoot new condi­ tion. Easy to show, easy to buy . 
•24-2391 (Any tim e) 
Deanie Owens Go 
REALTORS-Austln Hwy Ofc 
Quiet Nortb Star Moil eireo, owner anxious. 3-2-1, stove, dishwosher. 
$32,9oo. 341-5W3.________________ 
$ 1,ooo REDUCTION 
LANDSCAPED 3-2-2. 7oo4 LAZY 
FOREST. L IV E OAK. O PEN 1-$ 
SUNDAY 
4S3-So17, o2o-o7SS IN TE R STA TE 

TMI 
4 BEDROOM. 4 BATH 
An unusuol home on a beautiful homesite with toll trees, 3o X 2o living, dining with larg e stone fireplace, den, flagstone atrium , 
2Soo so rt. Priced ot $ 82,5oo. 
824-o4o4 
REALTORS 
453-5259 
SUE W EEMS & ASSOC. 

KEY GROUP 

TDRTLE PEEK AREA 
FIRST O FFE R IN G 
Beat the high rent and hove on income to* deduction. A beautiful 
2 bedroom, 2 both condominium w ith alt new plush c arp et and d ec orato r w ail paper for only 
$ 27,ooo, including washer, dry er, trash compactor and retrlgerotor. 
824-o4o4 
REALTORS 
494-1834 
SUE W EEMS & ASSOC. 

KEY GROUP 

212»WIE$N8 KTH1iRST 

COUNTRY 
LIVING 

Ml city tonvenMntts - no city 

 taxes. Special 
8% tonvenlienol 

Finoncing ovoloMi. Im f e wood­ 

 ed lots, snug home, with kitchen 

 ond utility room c o n ^ fely 

 furnished. 
K.W., dose to all 

 fcetwoy s, woodburning firepiofe 

 ond mony extros. 

AVAKABUE THIS WEEK 
ONLY! 
Don’t miss this Sptctal 
Offtri 
Coll Today 
OAK CREEK 

6 8 4 - 3 1 

S a n A n t o n io E X P R E S S - N E W S — 
S a t u r d a y M a y 2 8 1 977 
P a g e 
9 - D 

■ L J 
I i S i i L 

 u s - H o m e 

NEW H O M ES IN 
NORTHW EST 
S A N A N T O N IO 
C O M IN G SO O N 
Another fine 
RAY ELLISON 
C O M M U N IT Y 
6 8 1 -3 o 2 o 

 iXCITINGi 

(xecotivf honw » txdusive Countiy Side Son tedro, eff W ttfi W Ovm 3Mo 

«1 ft. of coMiol eltgonc# . leoufifui open « y tng ortw wHh dmmotic hokony 

 end study , overlooking fwo ihiry femtly reem numerous custom footums 

 enhonte fh« home Ik h pgneiot walk-io wot ber xrith k # mok.r, moster 

 suite dowmhiirs. hghted chkw cobintt, gounnet kitchen. e 
8 this with 4 

 bedrooms, end 3 VS luxury boths. UnbeoteWe ot SW.tOO Mights 442 254S, 
HILL COUNTRY VILLAGE 

 firecwus tret cowrtd S ocre ronch. loigt 3 bedrooms, 2W both horn* tom 

 piote wiMt douWe fireplett, huge hmily reem, formol Hving ond Aning, 3 

 pottos, hew hone sloWes, groomsmens guortets, beeuMfuMy fenced nnd cress 

 fenced, ho dty toxes lest prc ^rty ovoiteble in oreo lodoy Owner onxioos, 

$ 135,ooo. hites 494 2116 

 m m i i m m t i 
212-homes wmvEST 

3 4 4 - 3 o 7 8 
4 9 4 - 7 7 1 1 

I 
IMMAOÜLATEII! 
(L ik e new »v b ric k 4-2-2 w ith 
¡separate living and dining rooms 
{plus o family room with fireplace. 
¡F eo tu rin g c o vered potio , 
.Armstrong solarían floor cover­ ing in the kitchen, and o paneled garage. NITES 453-187o 
828-5434 
REALTORS 
MLS 
HDRTH LOOP IHC. 

INfDRHMl ELEGANCE 
S altillo tile en try opens to spacious, seporote dining room, torge, sunken living room; con- tinues to huge oofio, lovely heated pool. 4 bedrooms, 3 baths, family room; quality thruout. 824-4571 malSOil Gore. REALTORS 
3-2-2 in Oly mpia- By Owner Full carpet, all appis, fenced. Drapes 
Open tinoncing 455-o454, 458-5584 
J UST SOUTH OF 14o4! Brick n cedar home with built-in quality and beouty ! 4 bedrooms, 3 fuil baths... living room plus fam ily room with fireplace! 
$ 59,9oo. 
REALTORS 
494-7771 
M ON -FR i OPEN TIL 3PM 

 iKirtiy , 3 bodrooms, den, central heot-oir, only 125,5oo. 
C. Leanord ReoMors 
333-o44o 
' l ar g I S bedroom, 2 bath, cor- peH, buUMns. $ 29o mo. $ 3,ooo 
.equity . 
I INTERSTATE 828-o755 til 8 pm 
{Live Ook, 4-2-i, corner lot, fire- 
I place, near 
455-4524. school, 
7%V-A, 

L O V E L Y 
T R I-L E V E L n ear 
Holmes High. 3-2>q-2 Open living area with fireplac e, form al din­ ing. Coil for further details. 
ToweFVNw IRC. 732-6157 
LOW EQ U ITY 
This 4 bdrm is in excellent condi­ tion inside and out. The y ard is landscaped to perfection. Liv-Oin and o separate family room with 
FP. Walk to swim dub. 824-o171 le CARPET 
REALTORS 

LWLLOVIIEQyiTY 
Only S22,97S for this 3 bedroom home thof hos central heof ond oir. Refrigeratar, dishwasher ond ronge included. Owner wilt con­ sider carry ing a 2nd leln. Nights 
225-21o9. 
349-4343 Any time 
Deanie Owens Co 
REALTORS-Btonco Rd. Ofc 

LOW PAYMENTS 
N ic e 3 bedroom , 1 both home. 
Single c or garage, c entral oIr, heot. CholR link fence. Priced at 
$ 21,5oo, loan b alan c e $ 15,519. 
Pay mmits of $142 on 7% VA loon. 
658-3535 Any time 
Deanie Owens Co 
REALTORS-Rondolph Otc 

MOVE IN to o freshly painted 3 bedroom, 2 bath home with p rivac y fence. 
Interc om , u tility room , double age, priced at $ 37,96o with low equity of $ 5,46o, loan baionc e 
$ 32,5oo, pay ments $ 314. Assume or refinance. 
658-3535 Any time 
DeanB Owens Co 
REALTORS-Rondoiph Qtc 
Near New Post Office. 4 bedroom or 3 with study , “L ” shaped living- dining room combination, fam ily room w ith firep lo c e. 2 patios. 
342-3211 A N YTIM E 

ROSOW& KLINE 
REALTORS-5o Years of TRUST 

KKASSDMPTION 
Owner is onxious to sell. Lovely condition, great fom iiy home, 3 y ears y oung. C oil fo r d etails. 
822-33o1, 826-45oo 
HARTMAN REALTORS 
NEW CARPET 
Lovely 3 bedroom, 2 bath home, fru it trees. Fireplac e In fam ily room . A ll this ond w alk to elementary school. 624-o171 
RED CARPET 
REALTORS 

IPnM KM RKET 
EnNrtolnlng buy ing o new home? 
H ere’s o lovely larg e 3-2 w ith g reat en tertain in g oreos. E n ­ chanted Forest. Priced in the 46’s. 
822-33o1, eves 828-45oo 
HARTMAN REALTORS 

REGENCY PLACE 
This n ew ly lis ted hom e is o delightful 4-2-2 In a popular area. 
Spacious and in mint candltion. It is within easy walking distonce to 
N.E. etementry and high school. 
$41,5oo. o2o-o241, nites 4o2-12o5. 
DON J OHNSON, REALTORS 

KEY GROUP 

RENTING? Any one can buy • no down • 3-4 bedrooms - some ap­ pliances. First pay ment J uly 
222-9414TERRA REALTY24 MRS 

Rnin for Prlvai» 
Customized ail brick 2 beoroom, 2 bath home on 1.2 Acres. 2 living areas w ith firep lac e In fam ily room. All new oppliances recently installed. 2 Patios and double garage plus extra park ing pod. 
C o u n try -livin g on the edge of town. For viewing call 342-4115 
A N YTIM E 
WORLD WiPE REALTY 

DNDERS5,oooEQDITY 
Assume a $ 2o2 pay ment with a 
7<t% VA loan within walking dis­ tance to Thousand Oaks Shopping 
Center. 3 bedrooms, 2 baths, and o fireplace. Super deal, coll today . 
6S6-3ooo Any time 

REALTORS-Perrin Belte! 
VA -FH A - 4-2-2 Den, living and dining c ombo. P rivo ey fenc e. 
T rees . N eo r sc hools. In the 
3o’S.349-4So3, 454-4294. 

VE TE R A N SPECIAL 
Take advantage of lower interest rotes ond down pay ment todoy ! 3 bedroom, 2 bath beauty in Kirby . 
C en tral air and h eat, c arp el, covered patio, fenc ed. $ 29,995. 
Nites 455-2488. 
Century 21 
HAP RESER 453-4182 Any time 

NO MON ÉY DOWN • Loveiv i be- droom, 2 both home. Neor Wind­ sor M o lt. $ 2oo m o. 475-1491, 
473-11oo, 423-572o. 
POINTER R E A L ESTATE 
Northern Hills, 3-2-2, custom built, corner lot, $ 49,ooo, ($ 15,ooo equi­ ty ) 454-19o1. 

N O R T H E R N H IL L S 
Lovely 4 bdrm home In Country 
Club setting pric ed ot $ 41,9oo. 
Covered patio with view of coun­ try s id e. C all now lo r p rivate showing. 824-o171 
RED CARPET 
________REALTORS 
3-2-1, olt"ElseniMioer Rd. Walk" (o 
Windsor Park Moll and Northeast schools. Coll for the extras in this home. Assume $ 145 pmt or set up 
P new loon. $ 28,8oo. 454-1234 
RED CARPET 

ROUGH CEDAR inside and out! 
Fireplaced open living area plus gome room with wet bar. Garden window in built-in kitchen! 3 be­ drooms, 2’ j beautiful baths! In 
Thousand Oaks. 
$79.9oo, 
REALTORS 
494-7771 
M ON-FRI OPEN T IL 8PM 

Guv diipman Go 

ROYAL RIDGE 
Super townhouse with oil the ex­ tros. Open living and dining with c orner fireplac e, ' j bath down­ stairs w ith u tility room , 2 be­ droom plus 2 full baths up stairs, 
Covered p rivó te patio. Double carport. Assume or retinonce on 
Vo-FHA. 
658-3535 Any time 
Deanie Dwens Co 
REALTORS-Rondolph Otc 
SAN PEDRO HILLS 
2 Story 4-2-2. cul-de-sac. corner lot. Large tomily room with hre- ptoce ond beamed vaulted ceiling to b o ic o n y . S tu d y , c ath ed ral beamed master bedroom ceiling, large y ord. Trees. Privac y fence. 
Fenced garden and dog y ards. 
$ 54,9oo 
494-4348 

Vllloge North, by owner, 3-2-2 with fireplac e, larg e living area, on cul-de-soc. $ 35,9oo. 454-1oo5, 

WALKTOMasAHtlUPRjgtl 
And Regency Elem entary . Close in and all luxury extras including built-ins and fireplac e on quiet c ul-de-eoe. N eo r lo veiv swim club. Owner anxious. And ready tor otter. Shown on o moments notice. 

828-6391 Any time 
Deanie Owens Co 
Realtors-NE Loop otc 

REALTY WORLD 

H ID D E N F O R E S T 
Custom built 
3-2-2, rock home on large lot,*loft game room, opens to wood deck overlooking large ranch, fnergy package, top line op- pllonces, wood borning rireplace. 
7 V r% ossumption avaitabie. 
No city taxes, many more extras. 494-16o1 
494-3o12 
Com|>a$s Realty i 

àMm 

Beoutifgl 
Spanish home with 

 many extros. 3-2 with lowly tomily room, with (Ireidoce and 

 game room, luitders home 

349-5111 
349-3535 m A m o w B m m 

North Central Ofc. 

 p c n ao E 

 u s H o m e s 

Speciol Financing On 
Selected Homes this 
Week. IITTIE AS SI 
MOVE IN on CON­ 
VENTIONAL or 
VA. 
S4So MOVE IN CON­ 
VENTIONAL ON SOME 
HOMES. A LOW VA 
INTEREST RATE 
ON 
SOME VA HOMES. 

Call for dttoiis 
TWIN CREEK 
681-1111 

 tlZ-NllllliSIIOinHllltSI 

CHURCHIU ESTATES 
A Gohffy enlrniue invilf*', you iivio !ht> s()minus eieiimu* ot 
1/19 lyphoon 
Oth,‘r lu« uiy lenturps oi this 4 tirrtinnm, 2 liolh henw tnUurie 
■ MASTIR 
GineUOM 
Witt) 
S'lNK!*! IIIR nnd ¡iiivnte puhfl 
■ Penmsuin kitfhen with many 

 built Ins ond ndfoinmii 

 hrenkfost nook 
■ Itn p tivmq oteti with hieplnte ond cinw story 

■ tomifll dining lOom 

■ Inouhtolly InndHiiped utftum 

■ Ultlily room stoioy e room, and mony huqn ilusrts 
■ Noitheoil Schooh 

■ 2593 5q If ol lu» ury h mj 
~ $ « l SÌ S 
Built by Remoco Homes Inc., 
Mark eted exclusively by 

L ^ b u i l d e r ' s 

 n « # r e a l t a 

6 5 5 -6 3 5 1 

4 bedroom, 2 bath house, 2 gar­ ages with ottochod efficiency opt. 
Housp can bp convortod to 2 units. 
Needs some ropolrs. $18oo equity . 
537 W. Mulberry . 344-299o. 
2 bedroom liomet in Lomo P a^ and Prospect Hills. Available now ; storhng at $ 1o.56o. Call us to sot 
KE LLE Y REALTY 433-4441. n ew iv 

^ “ jiF F IR SO N 
" 
SCHOOL DISTRICT 

MANY SHADt TREES! Corner lot 2 

 hug# bedrooms, 
2 baths, lorge 

 livmg-dimng room, comfortoble ifomily room. Separate workshop, 

 tow OOWk PAYRENT High 2o s. 

BOB McGtNNIS 
MfALTORS 
3 4 9 -6 2 1 1 

TITLE 

2 B edroom s, 1 b o th , remodeled home. Owner will tin- once. $13,Soo. 734-9469. 

SDEDRDMSISBATHSI 
SSNSDFTIPODLI 
1o8x168 lot, appraised at $ 1o7,o6o, 
4o16 W iliow brook . In sp iro tlo n 
Hills. Will trade or moke an often 
Open dolly 
MIKE KINDER BLDR 
G9S-833o 
B E H IN D h 6 l M E S H I- 4-3-2, 
S to v e . No down M any one. 
494-742o SLATER RLTY 464-4149 

RIG DEN 

W E L C O M E TO E L E G A N C E ! 
Spectacular garden home has 2 bedroom s, eac h w ith its own both! Form al dining room, sun­ ken tomily room with fire place! 2 patios! 
$48,9oo. 
REALTORS 
453-7341 
24 HR. TE LE P H O N E SERVICE 

Plus 4 bodrooms, Vft baths, living, dining c o m b in atio n , ond oak covered lot, with mucho mocho. 
It’s o must to set cmd vouTI love the extro features. 
349-1436 Any time 
BASSE-WEIIBACHER 
INC, REALTORS________ 
B R A U N S+ A f ib M 'I " L ik e ’"f h#" country and eoks? See this sotec- tion of roc k and bric k homes. 

BY OWNER 
Two Bedroom homo in Bolcones 
Heights. New point, w o ll-w all carpet. Conventional or oosume i $129 poy mwits. 734-4659. 

$475 ( il W T i'm iff'Tak-oTtTiòTiTn'o' this beautiful $ 45,6oo home. Car­ pet, appliances and FIR E P LA C E . 
Coll now I 
Fortune Associates, 494-1412 

CASTLE HILLS 
By owner, 3-2-2, lorge lot. lorge den. New c en tral o ir, ossum e 
S'/« % v-A loon. With $ 2o8. mo pay m ents $ 31,ooo E au ity , or retinonce. $ 49,5oo. 341-6774. 
CASTLE HILLS 
G reat for entertaining. Walk to 
Lee High. 3 bodroom s, livin g , seporote dining, gigantic den hos wet bor. Fireploce, sowing room, tree studded lot. Ash lor both Tato 
341-9166 A N Y T IM E 
Century 21 
HOWARD TATE REALTORS 
CASTLE MILLS 
By Owner, No down pay ment to 
Vet. BeoutttuI stone 3-3-2, large den, fireplace, prospective buy er con choose colors for new carpet. 
Must sell. 
494-3229, 
341-6134. 
Owner-Broker 

For Fant Accurate Title 
Service 
5 Convenient LfOcutiona 

» 
H I T I 
I 
• 2 t» lU . I ’ l h \ > 
\ \ l n 
\ H I » 

 lO O T N E l i H i l * n o • 
111 V \ i n H ( » \ l ) 

• 4 7 1 o E K l D K H M K S K I Rc ; R n \ 1 > 

S a n A n t o n i o S in c t^ 1 *^ 2 2 

* 
EXiCUTIVE t 

REALTY WORLD 
MOCKINGBIRD ROND 
Luxury 3 btMfioom coixio witti 2 Itvto^ niGOB, und o «•obibk» pnr» locot«(l jvit mmotei tforn USAA and th« M*dnol CenHit Colt N O W tof on upp t 
• 9 D . 9 S o $ 

R IA L T Y W O ttL O 
$2|gR6 

/ F A M IL Y S IZ iD H O M E n 
Quiet neighborhood 
3 bedrooiin, 2 both rooms, seporote dining, living, ond fomiiy rooms. fenced, playroom in double guroge, potio, 
Dor 6-o pit. 
IM- 
MACUIATE! Easy terms! 
BOB McGi n n i s 
REALTORS 
34 9 -6 2 1 1 

 a o E t t c r 

 i c o m m ESTATES $ 
SFICIAl ONIR THIS 
WliK ONLY ON 
SfLfGED HOMiS. 

4 
» 
4 

4- Intifisf rotes es low os 
16 Conventionol finoncmg. Homes if, including energy potkage wood burning firep^a, automatic 
^ goroge door opener, large wood 
If, ed lots, '/5 to I otre, central air, j dishwasher, disposal, washer, 
X dry er ond reWgerolor. 
Koity 
I other extros. Country living with 
X oil city conveniences. No city 
X toxesl 
DON'T MISS THIS OfffK 
CALL TODAY 
TOM HOTMAN 

WINDGREST 
By ow ner, n ear W indsor P ark 
M o ll, 3 bedroom 2 both home- c arp et and dro p es, new root, larg e fen c ed y ard w ith huge trees, NE schools, $ 31,5oo, con- ventionol. 4 5 5 - o 94 7 . 
_________ 

Off San Pedro near Oblate. 3 be­ droom brick. $ 35,5oo. 
734-5434 C.P-KOSUB 342-o343 

LUXURY HOME 
3-2-2, split-level master bedroom, c ath ed ral c eilin g s , c arp et thruout. Privac y fence. Easy as­ sumption. 349-4274, 494-7259. 
J IM WA. REALTOR 

MACARTHDR TERRACE 
You'll DANCE when y ou see this house on Ballerina Ct! Contem- oorary desipn, 22oo sq.ft., 4 bt- droom, 2 both. 2 c ar gorape, fire­ place, spacious livinp room with drom otic I f c othedrol coiling, paneled family room, profession­ ally iandscopod, c overed potio, walk to Moc Arthur High School ond 
R eg en c y 
E lem en tary . 
$ 44,oo6, owner. 453-4o71. 

OLMOIPARK 
Alam o Hgls. School Oisl. 4 be­ droom, 3 bath, den, dinint, living room with fireplace, central oir- heat, patio, screened porch, lorpe store room, 
821-1o21. 
824-65o4 
Owner-Agont. 
OLMOS PARK- Elogani rambling 
3 bedroom, 3'/> bath home (m in­ iatu re greenhouse lust one of m ony featu res). $ 14o,ooo. F o r confidential discussion, coll 
INTERSTATE 62» J>7$5 til 8 pm 
................. d L Y M P IA ------------------ 
Quick possession,-im m ac uiato 
3-2-2, formol living, separate din­ ing, specious fam ily room, boou- tifully landscaped y ard, privoey tonco, open terms. REALTOR . 
494-1951 
Century 21 
CUDDY-GLASCOCK 

SAN PEDRO HILLS 
A big y ard and o beoutitully clean 
3 bedroom home, separate living and dining, spacious den with fireplac e, sp rink lers, 341-72o1, nites 342-o829. Ask tor V IR G IN IA 
NEIN OO RFF 
JOHW FLODRHOYIWC 
SAN PE D R O HILLS - 2315 sq.ft. home. This beautiful 4-2-2 has many extros including butc her bik in kit., wet-bar. FP and pan. gar. plus more. 494-5221 
BED CARPET 
SAN PEDRO HILLS- Lovely 4-2-2, family room w-FP, cath, ceiling, sep. LR, all elec. kit., sky lights in bath, intercom, 2 patios, beautiful y ord. 494-5221 Any time 
BED CARPET 

OPEN AND AIRY-Colifornia sty i# 
Contempprary . Pretty Los Patios 
Iandscopod y ard with dock. Large delight 
Gourmet 

MEADOW WOOD NORTH 
Vocont • 4 bedroom - 1 living area 
■ fireplace • almost new • corner lot • fenced 
NORTHEAST SCHOOLS 
Eosy assumption - low oauity - •% loan 
496-934o 
342-4214 
C LIN T W EILBACHER j M ILE NORTH OF CENTRAL 
PARK 
Builders own home. E x c ellent neighborhood- schools. This prize winning design iust renovated. 
N ew c arp el, vin y l, b u tlt-in s , plumbing fixtures and paint. Xk rock, 2-2’« rough cedar. 3-2-2, liv­ ing dining, fam ily and u tility room s. 
F irep lac e, h eat-air. 
$ 49,96o. 454-8143 _________________ 

MONTE VISTA AREA 
J ust listed, c harm ing 2 story , 1 bedroom, on quiet street. 828-4191, 
824-2924 

CLINT LEAKE 
WtS N T E Vi sf A--------------- 
B eo u tlfu lly rem o d eled eld er home. Wood shake root, solarium, greonhouso, 9 ft, c oilings, and m uc h m ore in this 3466 so.ft. homo. J ust reduc ed to $ 61,o6o. 
Evonlnss, 455-3475. 

VA LLE Y FORGE 
All brick Guprringer-built home. 
C arp eted th ru o u t, au to m atic sprinhlor sy stem. A speciol home tor the y oung”al-heurt. Evenings, 
453-5451 

LARGE HOME-SMALL PRICE 
Looking M r a 5 bedroom, 2 both home for $ 25,ooo? Wo have it. For on appointmont to see, c allV lr- ginio, Nites 455-3475. 
Century 21 
DELANEY R E A LT Y 453-o55o 

MONTE VISTA 
This gracious 2 Story home has been up-dated, but the charm ot y estery oor romoins. Boamod liv­ ing room celling, form al dining, ook floors, morning room, 4 fire­ places, beveled and stained gloss. 
Loveiv ceiling tixtures c arriage house, and MUCH M ORE. Vlrgin- iO Smith, 734-3494, 344-2341 
BOB J ONES, REALTORS 

KEY GROUP 

 son tH f tASi f sr Btsui rs 
ON « WANT AD 
IMJ NUMBie 1C CAll. 
1$ 3 75 1 64 A tXPBtSS AND Nf WS 

 living areas, kitchen. 
CAROLYN GRAHAM 
R EALTOR 
624-6473 Any time 
OVER 46 REAS(>N$ WHY 
By O w n er, spac iou s livin g , 
Comelot II, corner lot, 3-2-2, 1756 sq ft briek homo, w all to w all, hroploco, loss than 1 y r. with full lawn, cent, air, NE schools, no city taxes, low oquitv. For other 
4o4- reasons, 454-4o56. ___________ 
OWNER ANXIOUS • 3 Bedrooms, 
I'/T boths, new c arpet, heot-air covered potio. 349-45o3, 494-2o4o 
MartbaWupHivRBaRups 

I 
OWNER TR AN SFER RED 
I needs to soli this beautiful home tost, 3 bedroom, 2 both with cour- ity ard entry , fireploc o, covorod patio, new c arpet and a super y ard. 454-4555. 
{Century 21 
! 
WAYNE FOGUS REALTY iPAR k " N ( > r t h - '3 be'clroom," 2 
) bath, 23x11 activity area. Squeoky 
C leon and a preot location. 
454-1234 
BED CBBPET 

P LENTY OF PLANTS W ill find a home in this 4 bedroom, 2 both home w ith courty ard, atrium and potio I Soltillo tiled living room, torm al d in in g room end fam ily room with flroplocei 
555,oo6. 
REALTORS 
453-7341 
24 HR. TE LEPH O N E SERVICE 

Guy Chipman Co 

SEEING IS RELIEVING 
Outstanding 3-2-1 home with cen­ tral heot, oir, new c arpet, large livin g and den. O pen term s . 
Owner anxious. 5195 monthly at 
7> j% interest. Coll Alex. 
VanBgraatAssoc 
484-7171 
734-o784 
499-oo44 

W INOCREST 
1oo% brick 3 bedroom, 2 both, 2 c ar goroge. Livin g room with built in firep lo c e, bu ilt-in gun c abinet, built-in k itc hen, large patio with large trees. Will trade. 
Call 
2 ACRES 
% rock 4 bedrooms, 3 baths, large fomiiy room with fireplace, living and dining combinotion. Carpet­ ing and paneling fliruout. Covered potio. Off San Pedro. 
LARGE FA M IL Y ROOM 
3 bedrooms, 2 both, living room, dining room, kitchen with break ­ fast oreo. Across from pork. Coll today . 
494-7771 
NITES 454-4189 
Century 21 
W A K E FIE LD REALTORS 
Woodlake, 3-2-2. Randolph, Ft. 
Som $278 per mo, equity 441-7457 

SfofRPOOL 
Is bul one ot the features of this spacious 3-2-2 near Windsor Pork 
I Moll. The oversized patio, has a 
I gas b-b-o, w oter softener, and 
! m ony o th er ex tro s . A d reo m home, coll for details. 547,9oo. 
494-7711, nites 453-3888 
DON J OHNSON, REALTORS 

■KBfMO.UP 

FIRPELACEO , corpoted, marble botasi NO C ITY TAXES! Minutes from Med Center, Priced from 
$37,5oo 
BED CBBPET 
342-3111 
REALTORS 
494-5o77 
B R ÌE Z 'ÌW o d l3 . Immoc ulate oil brick, 3 bedrooms, 2 tile baths, 2 c or gorog e, c o n tro l alr-h o at, { w o s h er-d ry er c oon. S ec u rity i fence, 5.35 interest, eoultv and i assume or refin an c e, present pay ments 5146. mo. Neor Med 
Center. Schools. Pric ed $ 31,666. 
Cod 434-34o1. 
By o w n er, B ab c o c k N o rth , i bdrm, 2'/j both, c arpeted, $ $ 66o eauity - assume toon at 
7% 
828^967 _________________________ 
By owner, 2 bdrm. 1 both home at 
2511 Oelgodo. Clean, tarpa vord, fenced, ouiet neighborhoed, elm school 1 bIk. 73>o3S3. 
BY'^ WBi y ^ goguTifal f b7 droom, 2 both, livinp room and ponoted den. Assume $ 177 month­ ly pay ment 4- equity or purchase ter eniv $ 34,566. 7124 Desiiu. 5 
Min, from Med Center. 464-2967 
By Owner, 3 be8room, 1 bath, den, c arp o rt, w o rk shop. $ 19,7o6. 
734-3427 or 624-9141. 
BY O W N ER ; F o o èillii Edition, close to Medical School ond Ho­ spitals, 3-2-2, central heat and air, patio, tree shaded fenced bock y ard, 344-4459 for oppt. __________ 

• CASTLE HILLS# 
Flowered, bricked arbor entry to ! this brick one story . 4-3-2, exciting i glassed family room (F P ), living, dining, break fast room. Elec tric i thruout. Sprinkler ty s. Neor the t molls. $ 73,566. 824-2347 
Thehna B. Ppeissman 

6 8 4 -3 1 1 2 
1 6 4 6 RO B R O Y 

BIG BEAUTIFUt 
OAKS 

Fontaslit 3-2-2 H nettled among 
2/3 ttcret of beautiful 
o ^ o oak treat, laige fomiiy room opent on la fobulout toltille tile toveied polla. )ut 
1 what y ou ve been woiting far. 
349-5111 
349-3535 m Am owiHs CO 

HorHi Central o# c. 

 u s - H o m e i r 
O F C E N T R A L T E X A S 
BUY N O W 
BEFORE PRICES 
G O UP 
$1 M O V E IN V A 

S% DOWN CONVINTIONAI 

3 ond 4 bedroom piont 

^33* 5 o o to 
5.44 V.SO 
All hornet teofore energy sovirrg patk oge, centtol heot « if, carpel and hondcrofted woodbuming ftreplocet, deluxe Magic 
IChef (ill alec trie kitchen, and 2 cor garage 
6 FURNISHED MODELS 
OPEN DAILY 9-9 
TW IN CREEK 

6 8 1 - 1 1 1 1 

H S U S E “i l A U T T f l J L ! Srom ofic entrance in this elegantly decor uted hom e. P lush c arp etin g , lavish use of glees and m irrors with tall pillars seporotlng tormal living and dining room Huge den with w et bor o verlook ing tree shaded lot. M as ter suite has 
Roman tub ot lerrato tile. A plea­ sure to see 
Coll 
4 94 -74 5 1 
A N YTIM E 

 u 
S 
' H o m e 

I k 
Of CENTRAI TEXAS 
★ ★ ♦ ♦ ♦ : A r A r < |-T R 'A R r ir '4 l 

DUPLEX-GOOD INCOME 
City bus 2 bi(Kks. 1 side 

 already rtntid. EACH SIDE, 1 bedroom, 
1 both, living room, kitchen-dining area. 
DoubI« goroge. 
Fenced, trees. LOW 2o’s. 
BOB McGinnis 
REALTORS 
. 34 9 -6 2 1 1 
V 

IT 'S D IF F E R E N T 
There's plenty ol room (4o78 so ft.) for every need of o lorge ae five family . 4 Spacious bedrooms. 
4 baths. 25 X 14 ft den with tire ploce, marvelous kitchen There's much more 
$125,ooo. 
CASTLE 
HILLS 
344-8348 
G rac e Arnold 
REALTORS MLS 

JEFFERSON AREA 
1oox15o ft lot with e 145o-f SQ ft stuc c o 3 bedroom hom e. J ust painted inside ond out, coll now, to nice to lost 
734-4424 

U B IU H IILS 
Beautiful brick on o high corner i with 3-2-qtrs. Seporote dining with bviit-ln buffet. P arq u et floors. 
G ard en room w ith c ath ed ral i ceiiinps and state fleer. 
' sNINES« KlN6 

OIAMPAGNE TASTE 
LISTEN TO THIS! 
Corner lot, enclosed c ourty ard, terrozo entry , etepont Hvlnp-dln- in g , c o m fo rtab le k itc h en in breakfast area, eorta-tene carpet in den, cool, trovered potio, bock- y ard full ot frees in privacy fence. 
Owner transferred. $ 42,5oo. 54o3 
Danny Kay e. 826-5471. 
Strouder Nelson Realty 
CHARTER OAKS-BY OWNER 
5-3-2 plus den and study plus much more, incl 49 treesi 494-7344 

RYiM iER f 
Free brochure tells hew buy ers and s ellers p ro fit fro m 
Homeowner M ark eting Service. 
He saiesman will coll. 349-4373. 
By Owner, 3-2-2, tru it trees, cul- de-sac. Many other extras. The 
Summit. 49o-9499. 

BY OWNER 

434 SENOVA 
3 bedroom, 2 both, den, screened patio, lovely y ard, near bus ond molls. Only $ 29,5o6. 
Dean Russ Realty , 341-44o7 

2i2*iW iES-iioim nirEST 

Sierra N. 3 bedroom, 2 full baths, fenced y ard, NE schools, S23.Soo. 
453 3385 or 824-1121 ______________ 

SmSR-SPLASH! stay cool • buy o pool! w ith a lo vely 3 bed ro om hom e on a c orner lot. Num ereous ex tras. 
Middle 4o’s. 
653-435o 
Dnanin Ownns Cn 
REALTORS-Wolzem Dtc 

STDP SEARCHING! 
Ideal 3-2-den, so nice inside ond out. Really a dream. Priced to sell with good terms. 244 Eastiey . For app't, McDonald Realty . 342-3274, 
822-1737. 
2 S T O R Y , E l D o rad o , 4-2-2, sep o ro te livin g room , d ining room, 2256 so ft., custom draped, carpeting, intercom, targe fenced y ard, by owner. Mid 56's. 453-4382. 

S U M M I T A R E A 
Loc ation ond larg e fenc ed let make this 4 bdrm very desirable. 
Drapes, ceiling font and w ater softener are just some of the ex­ tras. 824-o171 

POPULAR VILLA G E NORTH 
Convenienee ond comtort, loot I bed ro om , 2 b ath hom e w ith central oir and heat, big den with firep lac e. M ony other ex tras . 
$36,2oo. Nites 455-2468. 
Century 21 
HAP SER 453-4162 Any time 
222 POST A V E. o(1 Broadway , best buy now i 
P ic k u p $ 145 pay ment. Larg e c lean, sturdy , spo c iou t hem e, plus 3 room quorter to rear (or incotno. Coll 
! any time, Elizondo Real Estate. 
; 25o3 
W. 
Houston. 
227-2914. 
227-9963. 
______________ 

PRIVATE LIUU! 
I In y our own bock y ard. Lovely 
1o o o ) oreo accented by screened in 
I patio, end p ro fes tlen o l lo n d t- coped 4 b ed ro o m , firep lac e, 
^ drapes. Assume S'/x% VA. 
653-435o 

A BUSHEL OF NAILS, 9 gallons of paint, ond a strong right arm will change this ’dog' into a pedi- 

 bedroom, large poneleo den with i firaBincg« , « np in 
12x2 6 m aster firep lac e, Im p ressive in terio r m oster rock work, privoey break last po­ tio, walking distance to schoots and shopping. Low equity and only S26S month. 481-6446. 
BEP CABPET 

%ACRE 
INRDLLYWDODPARK 
Contemporary rock 2 story with 
GORGEOUS POOL on beautiful, quiet street. View from decks in living areas. Moster suite up, 3 bedrooms and gomeroom down. 
CALL 494-5227 
A rm strong Co 
REALTORS 
MLS 

Harmony Hills, Enchanted For­ rest area, N E IS D . 3-2-2, $ 7566 eauity , S’4i% eripinal mertpoge, seller w ill assum e ad d itio n al m ortgage at reasonable going rate. Open Sat Sun 1oAM-SPM. 414 
Tammy . Mi-4649. 
BY dW N E R -HE RITA G E FARM 
3-2'/>-2 Townhouse. WcMk to tennis, poet and pond. Bay w indow, 2 

 bedroom. $SS66 and assume VA 
7%% or reflnwice. No ogents. 
475-6615 

 lYOWIilHiBHTAGEElUiM 
Specious weU-dtstgnod 4-2-2 home with city vipw, livinp-dlntmp room ond targe country gordon kitchen, heated poneled family room with cataodtol celling and firoplac e. 
Covorod patio, toeing nice y ard with trees and p rivac y fenc e. 
Many extras. Reasonable eauity . 
No ogents. 474-46SI. 

3-2' »-2, *4 acre, professional bar, gomeroom, swim pool, fireplace, redwood decks, builMns. $ 95,oo6. 
INTERSTATE 828-6755 til 8 pm 
A dam 's HIM, 3-2-2, c ul-de-sac , fireplace, to y ard, ploy house, os­ sume below appraisal. $ 35,oo6. 
474-3417, 
Adams Hiil, 4-3-2, newly painted, eq u ity plus 
$ 25o. m e. ot 
7%.473-2828. Ne agents. 

Adams Hiil, 4-2-2, newly pointed, equ ity plus $ 35o. m g. gt 7% . 
473-2626. No ojonfs. 

No ogents. 
B Y O W N I 
W N C R .H eritag e F o rm s 
3-2-2. flreo lo c o , fam ily room , londsctNMd, privacy tance, cothe- drot celling, Roman shodos. ether oxtrasi Priced ta sell. No agents, oleose. 474-6457 

 a BY OWNER 
HOLLYWOOD PARK 

Spacious, beautiful 4 bodreom 
3 both tri-lovol; many closols; w aln u t den buM t-lns; f ir e­ plac e; w elb ar; built-in k it­ chen oppllonces with double oven; auto, parage opener; 2 torge baicetdes; covered pa­ tio ; fenc ed. $ 12,56o Open 
House Sat. and Sun. 16-4 341 
Yesemlte 494-3393 

C LEA N niiiA T 
Brick 3-1 with extra concrete po­ tio that's 36x2o. BeoutttuI wroupht iron fence and cul-de-sac. Securi­ ty bors. Call Vera. 
VMBin n lllssiK; 
484-7171 
494-5694 
344-1o69 
¿M . FURR to. 
I ‘Specialiiinp in Nortaside Homes* 
I 733-7141_________________344-1433 

I 
COLONIAL HILLS 
! E o rly A m eric a b eau ty . 3 b e­ drooms, very large living room, s ep arate d in in g , den w ith fireplac e, offic e. 341-72o1, nlles 
341-8294. REALTORS 
JDBH FLBDBHBY IHC 
COLONIAL P E RFE C TIO N impressive red brick 2-story with w h ite c olum ns, set on a tree c overed oc re. 3 bedroom , 3'» botas, sewing room. Many extras, including o courty ord with foun­ tain, $ 89,56o 
REALTOR 
491-13o6 
Century 21 
E LA IN E LUDW iG A ASSOC 
COLONIES NORTH 
F o r the larg e f 
o m H y l 2 story 
4-3’ j-2, with separate living and dining... equipped k itc hen with huge b reak fas t areo ... 25x14 lo m ilv room w ith firep lac e. 
Drapes, w oter softener. O PEN 
TERMS. $ 43,5oo 
69o-98o2 
GBEAT AMEBICA 
R EA LT O R S 
COLONIES NORTH- 4 bedroom, dining, living, family , ptovroom. 
2-cor garage, utility with smk, complete kitchen Lots ol closets, sto rag e, A p p ro x . 27o6 sq .ft. 
S43,$Qo 3714 NEW ROCK. FR E D 
SCHULZE 453-5o74. 

, C O U N T R Y 
F R E N C H is the 
¡Sty le... a hillside in W hispering 
Oaks Is the location ot this beau­ tiful, spacious home! Living-din­ ing ro o m , firep lac ed fam ily 
:room... 3 very private bedrooms, 
12 boths. 
$ 42,95o. 
REALTORS 
494-4811 
: 
M ON -FR I OPEN TIL , $ PM 
C O U N TR Y H O M E ., brio horses! Enormous, treed brick ‘n stone home with 4 huge 
’ bedrooms, fireplace, potio Borni 
) $59,5oo. 
REALTORS 
481-29oo 
; 24 HR TE LEPH O N E SERVICE 

Guy Cliipinan Co 

CDDNTRY RAMBLER 
Brick ranc h-ity le home offset by country cedor. Brick ond terrozio entry . L og -bu rn ing firep lac ed den. Circ ular kitchen, tormal liv­ ing, sky lit both, 3 bedroom, dou­ ble garage Assume $199 mo. 
SANDISON R E A LTY 
499 9261 

E X E C U T IV E 2-STORY 
: home in Pork Forest hos eosv fo ossume existing VA mortgage. 4 
I bedroom. 2 both and custom po- itio. Dial 341-4484 
BED CABPET 

{E X T R A N IC E 3 bedroom w ith 
’ tomily room ond brick fireplace, bring y our ¡Corpets thruout. Built-ins. $ 27,8oo. lot hos I Coll 
INTE R STA TE 828-o755 til 8 pm 

EXTRA SPECIAL! 
This beautiful 4 bedroom, 2> i bath 
I home hot lovely family room with 
I fireplac e. Professionally lands­ c ap ed , s p rin k ler sy stem ond im uc h m ore. $ 74.9o6 . 454-3441, nlles 341-1942. 
; 
DON J OHNSON, REALTORS 

KEY GBOyp 

5 u s - H o m e 

REALTORS J efferson Otc 

SPECIALS FOB 
THIS WEEK 

Some homes with fentes and odded oppiiontes ot no extra (ost. $1 to S45o move in Conventionol. $1 
Move in VA low 7 '4% interest ovoiloble on 

6 FURNISHED MODELS 

Colt for dBtoils 

TWIN CREEK 
681-1111 

JtFKRSONMUIIIICK 
2-3, den-could be 3rd bedroom, roc k firep lac e in ily ing room , sep aro te dining room , lovely y ard, many , many fine features. 
Shown any tim e. Dic k Hollond. 
732-4475 or 822-3327. 
W ALTER GOODWIN & ASSOC, 
INC 

JEFFERSON im t, 2 bath m 
3 bedrooms, 2 bath home with fireplace, new kitchen and extra lot. Priced at $35,ooo. 
699-1ooo Any time 
Dnanin Ownns Co 
REALTORS-Turtle Creek Ofc 

DO CTORS-EXECUTIVES Off 
L o c k h ill-S elm a, lu x u rio u s r e­ sidence nestled high on o beau­ tifully landscaped setting. M ag­ nificent garden room with slate floor and high cathedral ceiling, w et-bar. Living room with fire­ place, separate dining room, both with parquet floor. Moster suite with sitting room. 3-2 plus qfrs. 
REALTORS, 824-2439 
JGNE8» KING 

DON’T BRING MONEY 
Bring y our paintbrush! No down p ay m en t to an y o n e! 3-4 b e­ drooms, 2 boths. Poy ments Some w ith c en tral o ir and all op- plionces. 
Poy ments less than rent! 
BOB DePAOLO 
344-3o91 
REALTOR 

DREAMLAND OAKS 
Lovely 3 story home on wooded loi. 4 b ed ro o m , 2 b ath , livin g room, fom iiy room, double c ar­ port, NE school distric t, con as- isum e 7'« % lo an . $ 52,6oo. By i owner. 341-1245. 

2 FIREPLA CES, plus loads of ex- 
Uro features mokes this )ust listed 
3 bedroom, 2 bath, double goroge home one of our "B est B u vs"i 
Privoey plus a view ot meodows and rolling hills, near Med Center. 
$33.ooo- 481-o44o. 

JEFFERSON HIGH 
A Charming 3 bedroom with large family room, nice quiet neighbor­ hood Only $ 21,5oo. CALL NOW! 
PARK LIKE GRODNDS surround 3 bedrooms, 2 boths, stucco home on olm osi I ac re. 
Priced $53,ooo 434 3185 

BCT CABPET 
C t n t y r x . ? ! 

LOW IN TLR ES ? 
I und low eauity buy s Ihis ] y vnr i old, 1-2 2 with iiuot tivmg oreo in i Loon Volley . Big y ord, privac y 
! fenced, mony extras. S32.5Oo 
I 
OAK HILLS TERRACE i Big oak trees shade this corner 
4 2 2, fully c orpeltd dan plus liv­ ing. all extras ond low inlorust not $ 41.8oo 
Century 21 
Whltehead-Holiday 
414 3711 
REALTORS 
M A S O N R Y 4 B E D R O O M S , 7’ / 
I baths, double garag« home, lu-.i put UP for sole. 2 slory s. loodcrt with extras Only $425 moves y ou in with povmenls ot S39S 481 o44o 
' 
BED CABPET 

I 
M C IN T IR E IS LE A V IN G 
IB Ig ond b eau tifu l 5 bedroom 
I Colonial 2-story in prestigious 
I urea Formal and Informut living, 
{ fireplaced lumily room plus ‘/Ox i? 
; Florido room ond a W orkshop 
! There is nothing lucking in this one except a new toniily to eniov i it all 

FOREST OAKS 
4-2-2. 1oo% S lo n e, f o r m al livin g room, family room, w ith beamed c eilin g s , f ir ep lac e, ap p lian c es , c ar p et ed , lar g e fen c ed vo r d , 2 p atio s , 4 vr s o ld , $ 45,9oo, as s u m e 
7’ a% VA, 484-7539 

BYOIKNER 

EASY LIVING 
Over 2 ocres in Shovono Pork 3 bedrooms, 2 boths w ith fam ily room end firep lac e. 
U n d er 
$ 74,ooo 
J im 
Wagner 
344-2341, 
828-344o 
BOB J ONES, REALTORS 

KEY GROUP lE A S V TO B U Y , E asy to Live w ith! P erfec t c on dition 3 be­ drooms, Hving room, dining room, den und large covered patio Area pool ond tennis c o u rt 
U n der 
$4o,ooo. Call 824-o121 A N Y TIM E 

G LEN OAKS 
Large 4 bedroom, 3 both home with double garage, landscaped y ord with large trees. Priced to sell. Mid lO's. 
BRIG HAM R E A LTY 473 14o1 
G LEN OAKS 
WALK TO M ED IC A L C E N TE R. 4 bedrooms, 1 living area. Porquel floors. $ 29,9oo. 
REALTOR 
491-13oo 
Century 21 
ELA INE LUDW IG B ASSOC 

9G22 GOLD DUST 
1-2-2 potio, fenced, no city foxes 
828-o645 
714-1744 
475 o429 
WATSON é SON REALTORS 
4-1 GoPil os house or apartments. 
VA appraised. 917 W. 
Poplar. 
454 3133______________________ 

J UST LISTED in FOREST OAKS! 
¡LO W A S S U M P T IO N of VA on 
I lovely reek 1-2-2 home. Beamed den, F IR E P L A C E , 28 ft gam e 
I room, complete with pool table. 
I covered polio, gas grill, in the 4o's 
BED CABPET 
343 3111 
REALTORS 
344 8277 

Century 21 
Schneider Pi uTlv 
694 /7oo 

COMFORTABLE CORNER home with 1 downstoirs bedrooms and 2 bedrooms on on upper level! 3 baths! 
Format living, dining room. 
$ 58,9oo 
REALTORS 
496 4811 
24 HR. TE LEPH O N E SERVICE 

HILL COUNTRY VILLAGE 
Almost 7 ac res of tree studded privacy mokes a beautiful setting lor this 1 bedroom, 2 both. 2 living area home plus guesiheuse-paiiy house, pool ond ouorters. $ 82,56o. 
824 4188. or 824-o494 
BEAITY WOBLD 
REA V IS R E A L T Y 

EN CH AN TED FOREST 
J ust Listed! Absolutely beautiful oil bric k 3 or 4 bedroom s, 2’'i I baths, fireplac e in den, lorm ol dining, quiet street, convenient to : every thing. REALTOR 494-1951 i 

HOLLYWOOD PARK 
¡Rem odeled 3-2, 3 living areas, 
I plus 2 bonus rooms, fenced, trees, 
. ’ > oc re, $ 45,ooo open to otters, i Owner, 494-4312 

 h o l m Ies h ig h 

In Mission Trace, luxury garden home, 4-2-2, 245o sg.ft. 24 H r. 

________REALTORS___________ 
S W IM M IN G P O O L , p otio ond beaulifui landsc aping enhanc e this lo vety 4 b ed ro m , 2 b oth hom el T erro z io en try , livin g , family rooms! 
$ 49,ooo. 
REALTORS 
458-7oo7 
24 HR. TE LEPH O N E SERVICE 

Guv GliiDinan Co 

IRRELLHILIS 
Spacious 4 bedroom, 2 bath home with huge den, overloefcing lovely ggrden. Home is in exc elttnt con­ dition, and ericod rtglit at $ 43,66o tar this prastlgious. 494-7711 nitas, 
453-3188. 
DON J OHNSON, REALTORS 

KEY GBPyP 

AmNEYFMTNEMIiEYI 
W hat o prony 3 badrpom home 
1 security . Fur opoaint. 496-8718, w ith p ay m en ts u n d er $ 368 a | 924-8371 
' Ey aw M r. h i Hvlnf and tomily y ou, here l a c hanc e lo buy a I raama. rauntr« k ltc haa Carnar heme tar eauity . o cpmparotlvelv low 

344-62o7, 684-433o Any tim t 
Da a ile Owens Co 
REALTORS-N West Ofc 
A N iw i u V - jS s i sirM 'd ow n. total pric e $ 44,666. in M arshall 
Meadows. 3-3-3. Owner leaving town, mofct attar t 
Pioneor Raoity 464-4211 
Babc oc k M arth , levo lv 3-2-1, carppt, custom dropos, privac y 
(enc e, gard en k itc h en , pec an rets , shod# trees , w alk te elementary , $ 29,966 or best attar, 
496-7169. 

 rooms, country kitc hen. Corner lot-view. Close to schopis. Thun- derblrd Village oreo. $ 39,966. By 
OPP'I only 
433-6131 aft 
4-waakgnds. 
By owner, 3-i-2, oveir iiskci sq.1T. home, tarnMi dining rrn, moster bdrm with sitting areo, den with beamed ceiling, cov polio, priv fence, Tow nview Estates near new Ingrom MoM 
Assume VA i toon t% interest. 4644219. _______ 
By O w ner, Shenandeoh, 3 -i-t, corpat, torge covered patio, $144. 
,496-$ 

Guy Chípuian Go 

CONTEMPOIMRYHOME 
' 
“ 
4-3' 1-2, lar g e M vin g -d en with tllre- place, plovroom. Located on >« acre (tree studded) lot in Kings 
G ran t F o res t 
D ay s 334 75S1, 
149-1518 eves and weekends 

 ot 4ta% er refinance. 
1-8764. 

T E R R E L L HILLS. Nicely decor­ ated 3 bdrm, I both home, living room, dining room and fam ily room , c o n tro l air ond hoot, stained hardwood floors, Alomo 
Heights Schools. 917 Ivy Lone. 
WEST 
REALTY. 
6S4-4494 or 
828 2924. 

 ra ^NlLlAREA 
2-3 bedrootns, 2 betas, tireptaco, tormal dining, sbodo, noor bus. 
433-6362 
43S-2S44 
DOUBLE R REAL ESTATE mm 

TEXAS SIZED HOME, 1 bedroom 
2 both, double garage An energy sover with extro insulation and in o well established neighborhood, new corpet Owner transferred. 
454-4555. 
Deanie Owens Co 
; C ç n t y r 
REALTORS-Wolzem Ofc 
' 
W AYNE FOGUS RE ALTY 

3 bedroem . 2 both hom e th at shines like J tmmy Carter's taeta. 
Large lotormum kitchen plus liv­ ing. Covered party patio. Privacy 
; tanco. VA or ossumo $ 325 mo. 
SANDISON R E A LTY 
499-9261 
I 
B É A Ù f V ÀMo T H E B E i f prico in town. Ovor 3S66 sg.ft ot family homo on o auiof troe shad- od stroet. 4-3’/>-3, 3 living artas. 
MAC REAL ESTATE 628-2521 
3-Bodroom, 2-éalb , boautifuHy romodoled insido ond out Now c arpet Ihoughoul. O P E N ever­ y day . 4822 Newcome, 341-4538 

 mmm 
IMEMPORARY 
: with pool and a view et Cany on 
C reek . 4 bed ro om , study , 2'» 
. betas 
o docorotar showcase. 
‘ tl7 9,$ 6 6 . 
I 
C A L L 494-S 227 
A rm strong Co 
R EALTORS 
MLS 
C A M Y O H 'C R tE K ESTATES^.'. 
Custom built, oil brick heme has a view of tac golf course from the spocious potio! Fireplaces in both fam ily room and 2ox14 study l 
Fointoi entortaining rooms and o p iu th , d o ltfh ttu i d ec o r. 4 bo- drooms, 1 lovely betas. 
$112,966. 
REALTORS 
494 7771 
MON FR I OPEN TIL 8PM 

Guy Ctiipman Co 

CONTEMPORARY HOMES 
UNDER CONSTRUCTOR in Elm 
C reek , H o lly w o o d P o rk , ond 
C h u rc h ill E s tates . E ac h in- dividuoH y deslpned using ma sonry , wood, and gloss to give them todoy 's elegant, cosual took. 
Coil for in fo rm allo n and b ro ­ chures or go by 127o2 HUNTERS 
CHASE in Elm Crook and see the auolity ot m atortols and w o rk ­ manship for y ourselt. 
C A L L 4 94-S 227 
C r 

COOLIMVEN 
' This beoutltul homo can be y our haven in o slorm. 3 bedrooms, 2 
. baths, living room -dining room 
; combinotion, fam ily and gome 
: rooms. 
Complele with pool. 
’ $57,6o6 
3414491 
Nites 344-1461. 484-4154 
GEORGE FLOOD, REALTORS 
Corner lot, all bric k , 1995 sq.lt., fully c orpeted, 3 bdrm , 2 balh home. Den. office, 4 car garage, 
{c entral heot-air VA $ 34,7oo 5o2 
LaMondo. 733 3271 weekday s ott 
Ipm, open Sot-Sun oti ipm 

I tMt AC H O N N U M B te ro e IASI eis u iii ei A f i ro u e w an t ao 
IN TMl i XPk tSS N l w s 
C A U 7 / 5 1 6o 4 

E N T E R f A IN A C R O W D ! As many as 2o6 guests have gataered at this b eau tilu i ho m e... vast spaces con accomodate them olli 
Mingle in the open areos, hove a 

Like new I 3-2-1, only $ 11o dow n. $ 179 mo. No 
¡Credit? OKI 
922-2173, 471-5154, 
475 9294 
! 
Pqt McVov Real Estate 
MONEY FOR THE M ONEY 
- Like new 3-2-2 Garden heme near 
I Medical Center, with high vaulted 
’ ceiling, den with firep lac e. No 
I Condo 
Fees ond oil tor only 
! $ 5o,5oo 
WALK TO J EFFER SO N 

WHAT YOU VE BEEN 
LOOKING FOR 
734 MC N E EL ROAD 
HOME WITH GUEST MOUSE 
7 BEOROOM, 2-BATH, DEN 
Delightful all bric k , perfect con dition. Burglor alarm , sprinkler, lovely corner Nothing left for the im ag in atio n ! 
Shown by appointment. $ 41,5oo 734-oo1S 
Beulah Mae Keiler, ReoHor 

KENNY DAKS 
A prestiglous location neor fasfost growing orea m San Antonio, ott 
Cotiaghan Rd. al 9422 Boulweli. 
Soo Inis whilo briek ond cedor homo with 4 bedrooms, 2 baths, den w llh F P and eath ed ral c eillngs. C n lronc e Is a flow er- decked endosad atrium . Low 7o s- 

LARGE LU X U R Y HO M E, lorge tot, targe pool, taro# value tor o low orice. Bv Ownor. 4 bedroom, 
2’ » bota, ocre tot, hoated pool w ith dlvlng board 
Holly wood 
Pofk 494 5349 

MEDICAL CENTER AREA 

I 
BY OWNER 
ì 4-2 2. l.g torn rm, with fireplace, 
{lo rm o l d in in g , ilvin a room , 
{covered palio. Approx. 3.ooQ sq 
|t l 
$ 5o,5oo 
481o K in g L o u i s , 
I 694 7452 oHer 4P M ______________ 
I M l Med Center, 7 1 7, tamilv 
’ room , h eal-o ir. d ro p es . ap 
! plionces, i?8,9oo 49o 8357 
NEAR M ARSHALL H IG H ! 3 be 
¡ droom, 2 bath home with lomily - jlivln a room , -d in in g room , 
I spacious kitchen! Reody to move 
; mio! 
>$34,5oo 
REALTORS 
481 29oo 
I 24 HR TE LEPH O N E SERVICE 

Guy GHipman Co 

NEAR ST. MARYS 
Larga 4 bedroom, dming, central oir, bulit-lns. Only $ 18,5oo Terms, 
341-4455 
REALTORS 
824 4714 
UUIRENRBARNEBEY 

 l I Ô n ' v al l BY , 4 bedroom , 2 both, 2 story , bric k homo, tiro gioco, big family room, oxcoileni schools, privoey tonco By owner, 
733-7489, 222-1471. _______________ 

NE ED SPACE? - Lora# 4 3’ , 2 iii 
Townview Estates Range, c ar­ pet, centrol h O $ 41,5oo 475-1491, 
473-11oo. 474 1/77 
PO IN TER REAL E S T A It 
NEW LISTING 
3-2-2 m Forest Oaks New wull to wall, new air. covered potiO and large, fenced treed y ard $ 34.5oo 
499-1133 
REALTORS 
341-5423 
BED CABPET 

 in - 
J i. DESS 

 n 

 iliving room, lir ep lac e ond formol dining. E x c ellent condition and naiiohHih i V ? í^á » a to inniu 
« IT (an or OeltghHul 3-2-2 C lose to sc h o o ts. 

 cozy c on versation by the tire- 
^ home Rock ex- place or in the living room, take o lorge rooms^ formol dip In the lovely pool or try the basement gome room! Overlook- , 
, ing the pool ond polio is o dehght- ';“h*Y 
Assume tul room with a wot bor! 4 tomily ¡conventionol bodroom s. 3’'i baths, stu d y ... every possible am en ity . 
A builder’s own home, Castle Mills. 
$195,ooo. 
REALTORS 
494-4811 
M ON-FRI OPEN T IL 8PM 

NEW ON THE M A R K E T IN CAS 
TLE H IL L S ! All bric k Colonial 
I With c ed ar sh ak e ro o f 4 be 
I drooms, two both» Carpeted iiv i mo room odioinis dining with un- 
Ifoue Saltillo floor. Complete etec- 
Iric kitchen, breakfast room ond family room have terrazo floors. 
Fomiiy room has fireploco, book- 
_ 
- . shelves ond beamed ctihng. 18 tl 
On lop of the hill In this oversized ¡ extro room tot utilities ond hob- pool. Eniov the torge fireplac e . mes has toads of buiit-ms 34 putiu tomily room Florida room ad oil overlook s tree studded y ard privacy fenced Priced in the 5o’s .w alk to shopping 
834-o121 

Broker, buy or sell tor y ou Coli 
324-S3S7 
142-9338 
344 9424 

 u n GO SWIMMING top of the hill In this overs 

. A N Y T IM E 

Century 21 
W H ITE H E A D HO LIDAY 
>341 7115_____________REALTORS i 
'"""h ö r« 
........... 
3-2-1 on Acre. Centrol oír, carpet, 
.drapes. Stables with tock room. 
, lh*id« Loop 41o $44,oo6 484 3334. 

M I D i a i l W 
I T 
7 ’ 

 area ond more, on auiet tu l de- soe street idea! tar sotety minded tomily . Mony extras. 
3 4 9-1 43 6 A n vt l m * 

Guv GWpman Cn 

EOUtTY'S34ool! 
J ust 
L rs led i 
N early new , 
; exc ellent c ondition, and owner 
' m us t s e l l . 3-2-2, 75% mosonry 
All paneled fom iiy room w ith 
; vouited celling Corner lot ond II con be y ours - NO W !! 828 4343, 
; eves 453-M7S 
CamEtesatesaciaas ’ BBSStWEIlBBCHEB 

! Fenced, montcured y ord Neat as 
’ o pm. Take a took! Ruby Wright 
. 344 2341, 342-S847 
BOB JONES, r e al t o r s 

KEY GROUP 

I alom ParliPic Rlc rim i! 
I Beautiful 3 bedroam, den covered 
¡polio, 3oX15. FHA or VA only 
$17,ooo. 
NORTHSlOE R E A LTY 
732 o941 Any time 734 o772 

E X C ITIN G PATIO HOME 
2-2-2 with wet bor, disposot, com- pac lor, fireploce, lot ot slorooe. 
Twin lofts- tennis c ourts, pool, security service. Move in today ! 
$54,9oo 
499 1133 
REALTORS 
1-425 7794 
BED CBBPET 
Executive contemporory in Whi­ spering Oaks 4 bedroom s. 7’ » bolhs, study , tamdy roam, living, dining room, kilchen ond breok- tost room, many extros. $ 97,5oo. • 
8v owner 492-99oo 
I 

I LOOKING TO INVEST A LITTE 
I 
AND GET BACK A LOT? j Cali us today ond let us help by shewing and tetiing y ou about the 
I m ulti-investm ent properties we 
I hove ovoiloble. K E L L E Y REAL 
TY « I3-4441._______ i LO VELY 2 Story home with mot- 
: ter suite down room within Lorge 
"tam ily fireplace, formal dmmg. A sprinklered lawn with toveiy torge oaks. Irregular patio in the rear jaWSTFOJ WfOIUDf OOK». frrwvior PKifio in mw rwsr 

 tac ito aÎ well « o* Whispering Oaks Bus to y o?r f o iîî* auorontee ws schools tust o tew steps owoy , 

349-1436 A n y tim e 
BASfWEILBACHEB 
INC, R E A L ” ORS 
T ' 

$79,ooo Cali 494 7451 A N YTIM E 

NFW TO M A R K E T. J bedroom. 2 
: both, lorge gom eroam , wolk lo 
L E E 
H i . O nly $ 38,ooo 
C all 
341-4444 tor details. Nites 344-7o34 
Don Bouciieiio 
: 
* CO INC. REALTORS MLS 

' 
NO MO. PAYMENTS! 
(W ITH 1oo% DOWN) 
S-4 3 BEDROOMS! 
3-4BATHSI 
7 models open doily . $ 72.5oo to 
$ 115,ooo, 1o% or 2o% down, will trade, Ook Vallev-Ook Creek NW out Vance J ackson oi Coilouhan 
MIKE KINDER BLOB 
696-833o 
Northslor Hills, 1o1o4 Lorene 3 bedrooms, 2 boths, 2 cor goroge, c entral heot and air, large lot, shode and fruit treas $ 34,5oo. no agents 344-7912. _________________ 

NORTHWEST 
3 bedroom s, 2 baths, no down povment, $194 plus taxes ond in surnoce. We hove others. Coll for defoils 824 4521, niles 474 o744 

Turner ReaKy 

Page TÒ-D~ 
San Antonio iXPR ESS-N EW S— Soturday M a y'2 8 19 77 
218HQUSES-$MTWIìIEST 

Í 1 2 Ü K S - N W 
M 
S T 

^ in it iiH iiiiiiit iiif iiiiiiin iit iiiB U í 
I SPICIAl RIDUCED I 
I 
I 
I ONLY / 1 LIFT I 
I 
AT $ 44,2oo I 

2 i 2 - i m m n m 
( S T 

 t*tfo iorge wootftd Vi otre wood 3 ed lot 4 2 2 fcotures; handcrof- 5 s ted wood burning fireplace |dus S g wall to woll carpeting. Mogie Chef 3 s oil elettfk kitchen, electrk S 
S goroge door opener, full energy S 
^ 
5 w„ 
Jjjl 
S »truction. Located tn prestigious £ 
H OAK CREtK. Conventional finon- s s ting with 5% down. Tlj«^ homes s 
S will not be ovoiloble for sole but% £ 
’£ few doys. Coll todoy 
£ 
I 
T O M H O T M A N 
| 

I 
68 4 -3 1 1 2 
I 

 i 
“ 

REDUCID 
MUST SELL 
Iteutffvl IndMiitwrf forest. 
Ixtrof intfiMio: 
4 bedrooms, and study 
Complete kitchen mciuding douwe oven and new dishwasher 
Bikk floored den with tireploce 
Custom draped and carpeting 
Workshi^ under eves 
Swinimifiy pool with new motor 
New cenfrol oir 
Alt this plus wolking distance to oil grodt levels. 
CoNnow 
828-6391 onytimt 

DEANIE 
OWENS CO. 
RtAlTORS— WIS 
M.I. Ump Ofc 

 j u s - H o m e i i! 

 llLim ttSjm iEST 
214H8USES-SoUTHE/ÍST 

, 
._ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ ^ 
EXECUTIVE 
Î iSTiniiVHiiifiiiniiiiiiiiiiiiuiiiuiiff I 
ESTATES 1> 

★ 1 otte ♦ 3 bedroom * wood 

LUXURIOUS 

W O O D S TO N f 

FÚRNISHiO MODiLS 
5% DOWN 
CONVENTIONAL 
$1 DOWN VA m HOJIfS FMTURF- 
1oo% Srick Construction i/' 
Handcrafted 
Woodburning fireploce 
Energy 
Saving 
Rockoge ✓' Corpet 
Central heat oir i/'” Defuse Mogie Chef oH 
'iecfric Kitchen 
2 Cor Goroge 

A FEW H O M ES lEFT AT 

$ 2 6 ,95 o to $ 32,95o 
CALL 
656-5474 
à 

 u s H o m e ’ 

 t-totMi on Now York Stock 
Ixcttongo 
• 'Worth tombtf/ homo toJ 

IMPOSSIBLE? 

Wrong! There reolly « o 4 bedroom. 2 both home ovoiloble in the mid 4o‘s, single living oreo on Iorge comer lot, beoutiful coverd potio for the summer bot- b-q. iETTER HUkRTI 

349-3535 
349-5111 m Am owiMs CO to(lihllt/S.lma Ofc. 

 burning tireplnre 
* covered'^t 
^ niitio ♦ many entros * quiet "it 
^ rountry living with oil the cify4t 
(onvenicnces * no city toxes * 4t 
♦ nne ol o Kind * wooded lot * ♦ 
4- nijrtbosc betore price increase 
♦ * (i hnrgoin S62.8oo 
^ 
♦ 
VA finoncing ovoiloble. 
M 

} 
Coll 
{ 
^ 
TOM HOTMAN 
{ 

♦ 
6 84 > 3 1 1 3 i 
I 
1 6 4 6 R O B R O T 

OAK HILLS 
In o orestitiious area this spacious well built home has many excel­ lent features, Exceotionolly cleon it is modestly priced ol S57.9oo. 
828-8241, nites 655-243/ 
OON JOHN SON, R E A L T O R S 
KEY GRDHP 

NEW ON MARKET linmacufote nnd spocious witb tirepkne 
4 7 2 beouty m lakeside Assume poyments i3?4 monthly This won t lost long. 
S38.5oo Nites 656 4781 
BEAUTIFUl lAKESlOE 
Something specicii 3-2 ? formol living or dining room plus spocious den with iorge fiisploce, privacy fenced, coll h> set this rarpeted beouty. convenient to 
Kelly and lackland. S39,2oo 
DAY OR NITE 
655-6848 
I 
I 

I Hi 

 m o r t o r i s o u t l n w e s t 

 r e n i t i i 

W H f R f E l S f ? 

• New Brick Heme* en AcrJ ee«e 
• BreeHiteklny View» 
• MioeWed Site» fer PfCIVACt e 4 Cholee Nerth Cemmunltle» 
(tncludtnp New Breuntelif e lew Taxe» Meke ee*y Bur. che»e Term» c e 17oo Se. Ft. Uvlno . 2 Cer 
GeropeSar.SOO e 268o Se. Vt. Uvins • 2 Cer 
Oorope »49,75o. 
SeercH The Meme Merket o»er, 
THtN Celi USI 
Swinney Co. 
492-1o72 
658-o29« 
673-14o1 

LAKESIDE low ossufflptian, olmwt new, 3 bedroom, 2 both, Iorge moster bedroom, built in kitchen, shag carpet, central heof and air. 2 cor garop, call now. 
532-5245 
Rites 532-6646 
DEANIE 
OWENS CO. iRIAlTORS— MIS 
S. tost WTc- 

HERITAGE FARM 
That roomy 4 bedroom, 2 both w/ dbie gerop that yeu hove been leaking far. Very madest equity and assume Nice country setting 
UCKUN O TERRACE 
E.xlremety nke aider 3 bedroom. 
I both, wHh prage, covered patio, targe shaded Tot. lUY NO uOWN VA or estumt tow py- menh of St 16 pet me with med- est equity. ExteHeot investment! 
674-3552 
REALTORS 
HOO SO O N A ASSO C. 
KiY OROUR 

!ïït n w n i T 
& 

} 
FREEDOM SPRINGS 
} 
RANCH 
Í 

Only 16 Mil«« Northm st o f loop 16o4 Out Ban- J 

 tl«rii Hwv. (Stet« Mfvy. 16| 

4- 
Î * 
36 

36 ★ 

36 

B E L L A I R E 
WciHc to oil schools. 3 bedroom s, seporate iiv in s ond dintn«. big backyard. 
Open term s. 
Coll today. 
924-4253 
Century 21 
W A K E F I E L D R E A L T O R S 

BUYVA 
C le a n 3 b e d ro o m in R a in b o w 
Hills. 2 living areas, lots of carpet, cen tra l otr-tieot, «as fire p la c e , aluminum siding plus m any other fe a tu re s . 
F o r v ie w in g , c a ll 
473-5o83 A N Y T IM E 
W M W ID tlltA lT Y 

S«« Nafiv« o n i ixotk o««r, Aiittndiant 8ir4 Ufa, ^ 
Squirrai, and WiM Twrkay. 
4- i ★ R«d Bluff and Modrono Cranks witli Huge Old ^ 
^ 
Tra«s Utting tli« Bonks 
^ 

1$ ★ Raafonable 
Rastrictions 
For 
Future 
Values ja. 
36 
CREEK FRONT FROM $ 2995 
3$ t 
ACREAGE FROM $ 1995 

7 
O W N B R f I N A N C i D 

2d. 
Coil Collect Anytime. Ranch 535-4391, 535-4313 
San Antonio 828-783o 

2 ? 8S B W i M E W I B P | | Ì L 

I HILL COUNTRY J 

415 ACRES WRtpp 

^ w M saoriRs». 

 m 
- s m i « m 
F M r â i f y 
I t t s - t w m i B M F W i K t T Y 

 eN EM LYT U 
23 irrigoteci e c ris . iMHise, UarNt, sleek pens, fence«, bcowtfful trees 
. ond c o a s ta l. R e a so n a b le . C o ll 
3$ I t.772 3o«y anytim e, t-772-MMMi oft 
” ' ♦ ' Spm. 
3f 
341. 
LYTLEimiW 

IS M 

A 2 S 
A a E S Madtna Xietr ^ 
^ fTemgfg. toateiMrirte prked. j|. 

J 2 o A O rfS te tw rn iiS m ta -J 

^ toada o«4 Hew InnmWs, oX ^ it> er |Mwt. Ownof is foafcmf for 
♦ on oflof. 
^ 

J Î 
RUTH MONTGOMERY 
3$ 

5 * 
« A I B T A H 
I 

; 
J 6 5 9-1 3 1 3 or 6 5 8-4 2 6 7 { Hwy. tram i h -3S to 

Moor U TSA , M edical Center, etc., nne homeslt« with w oter. tssts . 
T r e e s , io rg e lu x u r y c u s to m homes oil oroond you. A bargain. 
H B 6 Real 
Estate, 342-TMt er 
*79-7156. 
NEW B R A U N F E L S A R E A 
New 3 ond 4 B edroom s, 1 both homes on l<4 ond V/t o cre sites. 
Firep laces, ca rp el, centra l a ir. 
$31,5oo to $ 39,75o. See at G A R - 
It AUcOueeney 
12M ond 1*o2 

216WHIS!SSol)TiüEST 

V A L L E Y HI - 3 bedroom s, a ir, 
52oo down, $1*5 mo. 
J & J R E A L T Y «74-8o83 Anytim e 

By owner, 4 bdrm , 2 both, living, dining, den, storage shed, large yord. 923-3171, 227-5oo4 
By Owner, 3-1-corport, near V a l­ ley Hi M oll. Remodeling, like new inside- out. *54-1158 

WESltlllOIIDVIlLMf 
Cleon 3 bedroom , I'a both home in a highly desirable oreo. Central olr-heot ond fe nced y o rd . C o n ­ v enient to sc h o o ls, b a se s and shopping center. Fo r viewing, coll 
*73-5o83 A N Y T IM E 
VlflBLBWIDEBtAlTY 

OAK HILLS TERRACE 
F ir if time on morkef. Lovely im- mocutate 4-2 2. Quick occupancy. 
Coll us for o sneak preview before our O P E N H O U SE on Sunday 2-5. 
Priced in the 3o's. 
Century 21 
Schneider Reotfy________696-72oo 
O AK M EAD O W ...alm ost new rock n cedor home with 3 bedrooms, 
2 'j boths! Enorm ous, open living area with g o rg eo u s fir e p la c e ! 
Cedor roof, carpeting* 
$68,3oo. 
R E A L T O R S 
494 7771 
M ON-FHI O P E N TIL 8PM 

Guy Cliipnian Co 

ANOTHER 

J I F F Í R S O N J A C K P O T ! 

 the lost on« sold m 2 OATS! White stucco, 3 bedrooms, 2 bathrooms, separóte dining and living rooms, country kitchen 
Huge covered pijtio, fenced, trees City bus 2 biks 
Walk to schools NO DOWN PAYMENf 
TO v t n 
BOB McGINNIS 
REALTORS 
349-6211 

RIDUCED $3ooo11 

 jog to Medicol Center. Ex­ 

 clusive 3 bedroom , 2 both 

 hom e. 
2 com plete and 

 separóte living oreos. SHADE 

TREES, HILLS. For executive 

 type living and entertaining. 

BOB McGINNIS 
REALTORS 
, 349-6211 

B Y O W N ER - G9Hcr«it. All rock, all carpet, 3-2-2. Coll *48-19o8 after 
5 and weekends 

C O lli iiW L O fr S e ifcre st: brlcic 
3-2-2, den. 
C. Leonard Reoltors 
333-o*4o 

COWiTRY MOBILE 
B e a u tifu l, cu sto m , L e ls u r a m a double wide 3-2 plus tam llv room, fireplace, wet bar, carpet and all applioncet- 4 ton central heat and oir, within walking of all schools. 
Owner anxious. «13,ooo. Coll A n ­ nette Middaugh. 

By owner. Valley Hi, nice 3 -M . 
,517,9oo. 1*7 F la ir D rive. *74-3138 or 735-2829. 
218 HOUSES MOVED 

C LO S E TO B A S E S 
3 b e d ro o m s, h u g e y a r d , $ 1*5 payment, $175 total move In. 
*74-612* 
R & E Reol Estote 
C LO S E TO K E L L Y 
3 1-1, $18o o oy m e n t. $ 2oo totoi 
' move in. Anyone can buy. 
; 6/4-6126 
R & E Real Estate 

VOR Boren I Assoc 

C LO S E TO L A C K L A N D 
C h o ice of tw o, th ree b e d ro o m homes $17o paym ent, $18o total move in. 
6/4-6126 
R & E Real Estate 

684-/171 
344-1o89 
344-7122 

C O N V E N I E N T 
TO 
K E L L Y 
L A C K L A N D . 2 or 3 bedroom s. 1 bath, low equity ond $97 mo. or refinance. Colt 349-1479 NOW. 
Hector Herbeck Realty, Inc. 

O a k M e a d o w , 3-2-2, c o r n e r , privo cv fenced, custom drapes, 
/Jj ossumplion. 492-2951. ________ 
O F F B EN R U S- 3 bedrooms. $2oo down, August 1st povmenf. 
696 742o S L A T E R R L T Y 684-6169 

REDUCEDI 
2 or 3 bedrom, 2 bath, brick home. 
Woodiown Mill*. Central a ir and heat. 12 y e a rs old. N ow , )ust 
$39,65o. FH A -V A or conventional. 
E ric Nagei, 696-533o 
W E H A V E O T H E R S 
P r a t e s s M Realty 

T R E E S ! T R E E S ! 
Hollywood Pork Is the location of this 3-2-2 with space to w onder, and large lot. AM tor $55,ooo. 
G A S E -B A K E R R E A L T Y CO. 
696-88o5 
342-7712 
KEY GROUP 

U niversity H ills, custom built 3 bdrm, 2 bath, 4« acre, unique floor plan, $56,5oo, by owner, 69S-8831. 

OFF BUNCO 
627 W. L Y N W O O D , 3 bedroom , 
Io rg e liv in g o re a . c o r n e r lot. 
Term s Open. Will sell V A or f h a , 
David Poi/i, R E A L T O R 349 4195 nifes 344 5o62 

SH AV AN O P A R K 
This executive home in Shavono 
Park situated on a wooded acre. 
O u tstan d in g fa m ily ro o m fe a ­ tures. C irculor wet bar, beamed 

Bedroom 3> t baths. B R A N D N E W 
ON M A R K E T with owner saving 
• Sell A S A P ! ’ $115,ooo *96-1412 

W alk to H o lm e s H i o r T -B Ird 
Elem entary. Kids con hove their own room in this spotless 4 be­ droom home, fenced back yard to play In. 34,ooo. *96-1412 
EOBTUNAASSBCIATES 

C O Z Y - 2 b e d r o o m s , s tu c c o , paneled. Assum e $1o2 mo. Trade 
(or anyhiing of value. 
69«-742o S L A T E R R L T Y 349-9276 
C U S TO M E R W AITING ! 
To buy 2-3 bedroom duplexes 
533-1oo9 Respondek RIty 656-56*7 

Dellcrest, All Brick 
Perfect for "Just m arried or Re- 
Wrees". im m aculate 2 bedrooms. 
Santex Co., Realtors *53-o4*o 

3 -2-CO N V ER TEO G A R A G E , cen­ tral oir-heat, appliances, carpet, tike new inside and out. U tility room. Equity has been reduced. 
O w n e r w is h e s to s e ll b e fo re deoorture. $28,5oo. 
Century 21 
R.R R AN SO M R E A L T Y *73 77o1 

1222 D E N V E R , off S. W a lte rs, neat 2 b edroom hom e, fre sh ly painted, fenced y a rd , detached garage w orkshop. L a rg e pecan trees, near bus. $12,ooo. V A -FH A . 
R E Y C O 
R E A L T Y . 
534-3292. 
«48-o713. 

E L B O W R O O M is what you get w ith this 3 b e d ro o m , I 'j bath home with all appliances, tucked aw ay on a quite cul-de-soc. A s­ sume $188 mo. 681-o6*o. 

BED CARPET 

EASTmOD 
Neat 3 bedroom with large den. 
Central air heot. Lovely trees. V A appraised at $2o,ooo. E ric Nagel, 
*96-533o. 
W E H A V E O T H E R S 

3-1 < 2, family room, dining-kitchen com., central heat and air. $5ooo. 
Assum e $127 per mo. 5% interest. 
Lacklgnd-Kelly oreo. «74-7715 

FIR S T P A Y M E N T IN A U G U S T- 
3-2-2, fireplace, $25o down. 
*96-742o S L A T E R R L T Y 344-o93* 
Foster Rd. E . Central. S acres. 
Larae bedroom, den, covered pa­ tio, 2 c a r g a ra g e . W ell. M a n y 

FO U R (or T H R E E 
T h is im m a cu la te 4 be dro om , 2 bath hom e in A d a m s H ills Is priced like a 3 bedroom. Reason­ able equity and assume $19o VA payments. 341-4484 

RED CARPET 

2 b e d ro o m , 1 ba th , d e liv e re d , 
$37oo «28-1459. 
2 B e d ro o m , o th e r b id g s . a n d 
(oundotions moved *53-o482. 

New Homes Moved To your tot. AM paneled ond plum b­ ing, vinyl tioor covering. 
2 bedroom, 1 bath, $1o,Soo 
3 bedroom, i both, $12,8oo 
Dodson Lum ber________ M4-22S* 
5 Room house ready to be moved. 
D elivered on foundation. $4,75o. 
344-5585 
W E 
B U Y 
H O U S ES 
TO 
B E 
M O V E D 
*28-1459 
922-4113 

M iSilffiM feO PER T Y 

NFIKIIIIITEXMHiERATINe 
______ 
, when we soy our 4 bedroom , ivlorp® • '‘o«*- Outbuildings, fenced celling ond m assive firep la ce 4 : hath hom e ot 7*o* M E A D O W i Coll Ann 
G R E E N is Itie cleanest, prettiest home in F O R R E S T G L E N . Large covered patio and fenced vard. 

O F F W EST A V E N U E - J bedroom doll house on Pasadena, detached garage. $78oo equity. $128 mo. 
6/S-I691, 342 7435 
P O IN TER R E A L E S T A T E 

O P E N T E R M S on this deiightfully decorated 
3 2-2 in B AB CO CK N O R TH . Large living with coihedral ceiling and firep lace, built-in kitchen with breokfost oreo, tullv fenced yord. immocutofe! Mid 3o *. 
69o-98o2 
GREAT AMERICA 
REALTORS 
O W N ER T R A N S F E R R I N G ! His 
Iorge sp acio us hom e has 4 b e ­ drooms. 2 baths, workshop. N ear 
B rookhollow Shopping C e n te r. 
Northeast Schools. A greot boy lor only 
*47,5oo. 
342-3211 
I look ot this one today! 
A N Y TIM E 

HnnntwBSflciATEs 
Century 21 
AWAihir$ 
Q c n it^ K rE i i . 
^ .nr ^ 

ERA 
532-31o7 

S H A V A N O P A R K R E D U C E D ! 
S*,ooo Ow ners a rc m oving ond sold " S E L L !" Lovely Villa lands­ caped professionally ond eager to be sold, 4 bedroom s, 2<'i baths, m a ste r suite and fa m ily room have lo vely fire p la c e . L u x u ry throughout. 342-3211 A N Y T IM E 
RDSDW & KLINE 
R E A L T O R S so Year* ot T R U S T 

Schneider Realty 

SHEMANOOAHBUilTY 
Located on a quiet cul-de-sac in choice area. Features include 4 bedroom s, liv in g room , fa m ily room, and privacy fenced yard. 
C lo se to U S A A a n d M e d ic a l 
Center. P riced at $38,ooo Better 

RDSDW 6 KLINE 
REALTOR5-5o Years of T R U S T 

Pami R aaii Savel 
D eer Ron, 4 beroom s. 2 baths, c e n tra l h ea t-a ir, d is h w a s h e r, small cash assumption. $255 mo. 
Will trade 
BOB O eP A O LO 
344-3o9! 
R E A L T O R 

684-433o 344-62o7 Anytim e 
Deanie Owens Co 
R EA LTO R S-B ondero Rd. Ofc 
S K Y LIN E VIEW of C ity from be­ drooms, 2 both home with great landscaping! Form al and fam ily room s...lovely screen e d p a tio i 
$44,9oo. 
R E A L T O R S 
*81 29oo 
24 HR. T E L E P H O N E S E R V IC E 

W N m iS Q A K S 
Unique im m aculate home on tree studded lot. This lovely 3-3 2 has 
16x12 study with view. 3 decks, wet bar In fomily room, fireplace. 
$92,9oo. 344-3o78. NItes 492-277«. 
OON JO H N SO N , R E A L T O R S 
KEYGRDUP 

« flim iiiB O ju u 
By owner, custom built exciting sp o cio u s c o n te m p o ra ry , 3-2-2. 
Luxury appointments throughout. 
B ric k flo o rs , d elu xe b u ilt-in s. 
P ro fe s s io n a l la n d s c a p in g . No agents. 492-9547. ______ ___ 
W H ISPER IN G O A K S 
P restige executive hom e. 4 B e­ drooms, with gam e room, sw im ­ m ing p o ol. O N L Y 2 V, Y E A R S 
OLD . $11o,ooo. *96-1412 
FflBTWiAAISBEIATES 
2-2-1 wlh large carpeted, living ro o m , s e p a ra te d in in g ro o m , paneled den with big yard. AM (or only $17,5oo. Call *84-o753. 

JACK MITCHELL 
________ Reoltor 
648-33o7 
G R E E N W A Y B E A U T Y - 3-2-2. 
*25o down. H urry! 
69* 742o S L A T E R R L T Y 344-o93* 
G R E E N W A Y • N E A R B R O O K S, 3 bedroom !, 2 bath like new. Only 
$ 275 dow n. No C r e d it? O K ! 
922-2173, *75-9294, *73-5154 
Pot M cVey Reol Estate 
3-1-1 hom e with big tre e s and beautiful breezeway. Owner must move now. First *15,ooo or so or 
S3Soo equity and a ss u m e SI12 payments. Call owner, Tom Kin- sey Doys *59-1928, nites 648-233*. 
242 K O E H L E R C O U R T 
N e o r M c C r e le s s . C o m p le te ly redone 2 bedroom , central heat and Oir, fenced, garage. Excellent te rm , ne down to Veterans. 
341-8134 
AB D O 
494-3229 
L A K E S lO E - Two beauties with no down. C a ll for details. 
J & J R E A L T Y *74-8883 Anytim e 
N ear W. W. White. E xtra nice 4 bedroom, den. 2 fireplaces, large 
; covered patio. Tree shoded yard. 
V A -FH A . Coll Ann 

H A R L A N D A t E 
W E L L K E P T O L D E R H O M E oft 
Pleasonton. La rg e lot with beau­ tiful frees. 3 bedroom s, 1 bath, tuMv carpeted. Good assumption. 
$15,9oo. 
R E A L T O R 
*91-13oo 
Century 21 
E L A I N E LU D W IG & ASSOC. 

HEBiTACEFABM 

I 3 bedroom, 2 bath home with 2-cor garage, all appliances and some carp et. R ea so n a b le equity and assume. Fo r viewing, call *73-5o83 
A N Y T IM E 
JfflEO HflDEBM LTY 
L A C K U A N D A R E A 
3 bedroom. 1' j bath, gam e room, range and dishwasher. 
R A N C R E S T R E A L T Y 
433-467* 
La ckla n d a re a , 4 bedroom s, at­ tached garage, fenced yard . By 
Owner Coll after * *23-4132 

ERA 
532-31o7 
JACK MITCHELL 
Realtor 
648-33o7 

• • P AN O R AM IC VIEW • • 
2 story, 4 bedrooms, 2' 3 baths, 2 co r garage, covered patio, c a r­ peted, centrol o ir heat, nothing dow n to a n y o n e ! *41,5oo. In 
Townview. 
N EISO 
923-19o4, 
923-52o6. 
AR C IN IEG A R E A L T Y 
P E R F E C T FIR S T H O M E 
3 bedroom, I bath home in nice older neighborhood Com es with dryer ond gat ronge. 3 air units. 
VA FH A OK *18,ooo 
R E A LTO R 
691-13oo 
Century 21 

E LA IN E LU O W tG & ASSOC 
P O P U L A R S E N E ¿ Á 
Large ond lovely, fully carpeted '• 
4 2-2, living, dining ond huge den, utility, loaded with extras! This ' tme home is only S57,Soo. CoM ¡ 
Today! 
L A U R E L H ILLS 
! 
It you are looking for something luxurious and different, then this 5 ¡ year old home is it. 3-2-2, office, 1 den, tiving-dlning, three 3 view patios. 
A fantastic home 
(or 
S/9,5oo. 
1 
M O V E R IG H T IN 
I 
This vacant 4-2-2 in popular F o ­ rest Ooks. L a rg e fam ily room , . 
Iiving-dming, new carpet, lots of trees. Low 4o's. Will trade. 
Century 21 

Whitehead-Hohdov 
684-3/n 
R E A L T O R S 
PROS O N LY : Need 3 Agents. 'We offer better com mission, must be license and lull tim e only. C O N ­ 
TACT 
A D O LP H OR R OM O A T ; 
433-3295 _______________________ 
RAINBOW H ILLS - 4 - l'i I, *55o down, $1/5 mo.or no down vet. 
J & J R E A L T Y 674-8883 Anyhm e 
R E D U C E D ! 
N e o r M e d ic o l C e n te r, lo v e ly colonial 4 bedroom, gigantic den with fireploce, form al living and dining room, plus huge ploy room 
Coll for Ruth Foites 
341-9166 ANYTIM E 
Century 21 

HOW ARD T A T E R E A L T O R S 

R O LLIN G R ID G E 
A nice cul-de-soc it the locotlon ot this im maculate 3-2-2. N eor pool and c lu b , fu lly c a rp e te d a n d droped S37,Soo. 
R E A LT O R 
*91-13oo 
Century 21 

ELA IN E LU D W IG & ASSOC. 

ROOM FOR MORSES 
Secluded S’ j acres in Hill Country 
ViMoge. 3 bedrooms, 3 bath home with 3 firep la ces. G re e t fam ily home. *98,ooo 
C A L L 494-5227 
Arm strong Co 

Guv Cltipman Co r e a lïï w orld 

SOOWS FISHY 
Becouse it's a whole of a buy. 3 b edroom s w ith sunken fa m ily room and fireplace. Located in a very desirable Northw est lo c a ­ tion Selling tor *32,ooo ond only 
*1,45o down or no down on VA . 

M ARTINEZ 
R EALTO R S 

N IC E 2 bedroom home in good area, near schools and shopping. 
Priced under $13,5oo. 
333-4144 
Nites «49-12o2 
Century 21 
SOUTH E A S T R E A L T O R S 

• OFFPHOBRNOT« 

L A C K L A N D -K E L L Y A R E A 
3-2-1, super clean. With covered patio. Built-ins and drapes stay. 
Assum e $19o mo, or refinance 
NOW! 
G A S E -B A K E R R E A L T Y CO. 
*94-88o5 
342-7712 
KEYGRDUP 

L O V E L Y 3 b e d ro o m hom e in pretty orea. 
P riva cy fenced. 
!$19,ooo 
IN T E R S T A T E 828-o755 Ml 8 pm 
M E A D O W V I L L A G E II, 3-2-1, eorpefed, covered potio. central air-heat, $27,ooo or $7ooo equity and assume 7% VA at $192. WiM consider lond in trade tor equity. 
473-5o89, 

W H H R iin l A e K n i 
3 b e d ro o m , 1 b a th , p a n e le d , shade, fenced, bus, Je« High. 
433-o2o2 
435-2544 
D O U B LE R R E A L E S T A T E 

 ic h n e ^ e rR e a ^ 
696-72oo 
WOODS OF SHAVANO 
Schneider Realty_______________ 
SPANISH F L A IR ! 
Charming 3-2-2 in T H E SU M M IT, near U SA A . F o rm o l livin g and dining. . beam ed den with tire- place and built-ins. . equipped kit­ chen with party bar and breakfast room. *45,9oo. 
69o-98o2 

Country style living in Elite Fo- thion. 3-2-2, fo rm a l d ining and sunken liv in g room , la rg e den, breakfast area with bor, warmth of two fireplaces, 2 patios, back­ yard water (ail and gazebo, many extras. 
349-1436 Anytim e 

GREATAMERICA 
J A S M U i p E R 

R EALTO RS 
S U N K E N S I T T I N G R O O M in master suite of 3 bedroom, 2 bath home in Woods of Shavanoi Ltv- ing-Dining room plus lam ilv room with huge fireplace. M ore! 
$52,5oo R E A L T O R S 681-29oo 
. 
M O N -FR i O P E N TIL SPM 
Guy Chiuman Co 

 i 
S U P E R B U Y ! 
13-2-2, tully c a rp e te d , b e a m e d 
¡c e ilin g s and t ire p lo c e . U n d e r 
*35,ooo. Unbeliemable? Call us. 
• 
G A S E -B A K E R R E A L T Y CO 
:*9*-88oS 
342-7712 
KEYGRODP 

The J o y ot country living, vet convenient to M edical Center. 4 L a rg e b e ­ d ro o m s , b e o u tifu l c a t h e d r a l c e ilin g s, m a n y e x tro s . W a te r s o ftn e r, w et b a r , f ir e p la c e , microwove oven, swim club to name a tew. Beautiful condition. 
344-8348 
Grace Arnold 
R E A L T O R S M LS 

T H u W o ik B I R D H ILLS 
L a rg e 4 bedroom , 2% b a ths, 2 sto ry h o m e. D o u b le g o r o g e , range, ca rp e tin g , p a n ele d den a n d m u ch m o re ! 
N o d ow n payment. Call today! 
: 
B R IG H A M R E A L T Y 673-14o1 
Thundorbird H ills, ow ner, 3-2-1, ige fenced lot with view, cent air- heat, cov potio. *31,ooo. 684-o45o. 

INC, R E A L T O R S 
W ÒOÒS Ö F SH A V A N O 
1*1 time ottered, 4-2V»-2, 227$ sq «, e n e rg y s a v e r ,la r g e p a n e le d family room, fireplace, separate < eating arma, all carpeted, inter- > co m , la rg o b e d r o o m s , m a n y : built-in extras. Lot size 84x2o3, \ over 4o trees, fenced, sp rin kle r ) system, tool shed, NS disi. M em ­ bership in tennis and swim club. 
By owner, S*5,ooo. 492-2718. 
227 Z A B R A , o« Loop 41o West. 
3-1-cp, N ew F H A a p p r a is a l 
$15,75o. Paym ents less than rent. 
484-4211 P IO N E E R R E A L T Y 

2-1-2, with den, central heat, big room, fenced. E Q U IT Y . A S S U M E 
$145 mo. pmt. 
L I A. RUL ESTATE 
433-89oo 

O« WW White Hoad, 3 bedrooms, central heat-air, only $17,5oo. 
C. Leonord Reoltors 
333-o64o 
O N L Y $18,25o for this spacious, ahractive 3 be­ droom, 2 bath, in Highlands with big covered potio. CoM today 
532-3252_________ N IT ES 337-4823 
; P E C A N V A L L E Y - 3 bedroom , 2 
• bath, double g a ra g e , den w ith fireploce. Many extras. 
333-4144 
Nites 333-6143 
Century 21 
SOUTH E A S T R E A L T O R S 
R lé S B Y .""p e c a n ' v a l l e y 
¡ A R E A , $15o down, $139 mo. No 
Credit? O K ! 
922-2173, 473-SIS4, 
«75-9294 
Pot M cVey Reol Estote 
• • 4931 SINCLAIR^* 
Nothing down to anyone! Huge lot, 3 bedrooms, huge den, trees. 
Hablemos 
Español! 
923-19o4, 
923-52o«. 
A R C IN IEG A 

' 
»»NEAR K E N N E D Y HIGH^» 
* 
L ik e new. On C a rn a tio n . 3 be­ droom, 2 both, garage. *5oo down. 
|S16,Soo. H a b la m o s E s p a ñ o l. 
! 923-19o4, 923-52o*. 
A R C IN IE G A R E A L T Y 

NEAR LACKLAND 
< Adam s Hill by owner, 3-2-2. living rm c o th e d ra l c e ilin g , p a n ele d 
, family rm , F P , carpeted, air-heat, 
‘ fe n c e d , a ll a p p i, b e a u t ifu lly landscaped. Assum e 7’ j% VA $28o mo, $87oo equity, *73-oo42. _______ 
N E E D M O R E S P A C E ? 
CoM us about this large 3-2-2 home in WWV The harvest gold kitchen has all the a p p lia n c e s with it. 
T h e re is a lo v e ly p o tio th at o verlo o ks a beautiful town for entertaining. To see, call K E L L Y 
R E A L T Y 433-6*42 

214 WMIStS IODTHEAST 

 tifT ic re irT ir'w S s o irT o ''^ ^ welt, priced 1« sell. Call Olgo 
ERA 
JACK MITCHELL 
I 532-31o7 Reoltor 
673-o1o8 
A L L T H E F A M IL Y will love this 
3-2-2 in the Jupe orea. A la rg e double finished garage tor Dad. a seporate playhouse tor the kids and tt lot of beoutiful house tor 
Mom. Too mony extras to m en­ tion. 
Hurry ond call 
828-8195. 
R E A L T O R S 
RED CARPET 

• NO D O W N A N Y O N E 3-4 b e ­ drooms, some appliances. First payment July. Hablam os Español 
222-9616TERRA R E A L T Y 2 4 HRS 
NO D O W N P A Y M E N T - 3 b e ­ drooms, I 'l baths, S2oo closing. 
696 /42o S L A T E R R L T Y 684 *1*9 
. O F F Z A R Z A M O R A - 4 bedroom , 2 bath only SSOO down. $1*o mo. 
675-1691, 673-491o. 
P O IN TE R R E A L E S T A T E 

1,8oo SQ .FT. 
OH W W.Wbite Rd. Large rooms, 
3 b e d ro o m s. iV i b a th , fe n ce d acre. Reasonable price! 
Santex Co., Reoltors 653-o4*o 
2 Story, 3 K J ro o m , I'/jboth, 2 cor g aro g e, built-in rang e, cen tra l heat, nice neighborhood, $26,5oo 
337-8338 

O W N ER AN XIO U S 
I $8oo down, take over paym ents on 
I this nice 3-M neor Lackland. For in to r m a tlo n , c o ll 
K E L L E Y 
' r e a l t y 433-4641 
P ATIO H O M E. 2 bedroom cottage with large garden kitchen and all oppliances, central oir. Low equi­ ty and assume $152 mo. *81-o*6o. 

RED CARPET 

HargiiRllHtBrSiwtlall 
NO down payment to anyone! 3-4 bedrooms, 2 bdttis, some with oir and (Mi oppliances. Paym ents toss than rent! 

DHÌER2D 
4 bedrooms, 2 bath, heal and air, c a rp e l, and built-ins in the kit­ chen. A ll in tip -lep sha p e , a ll terms. 523 Roseborough. 

BOB B ILLA R E A L E S T A T E 
534-88o8 
333-14*8 
333-17*4 
W E L L K E P T 1 ow ner hom e in 
D ellcrest. 3-2-2. C overed patio, delightful yard. Pecan trees, cen­ tral air, drapes. $3o;7So. 
KBPZMDIiiReitftv349-3tSt 

532-5251 
BOB D eP AO LO 
21S-WNiSESSoDnnM$T 

R E A LT O R S 
M LS 
R U S T IC C H A R M of ro c k a n d cedar 3 bedroom, 2 both, soltiMo tile floors. 1o« overlooking Iorge living oreo with tireotoce Quiet master bedroom with sunken tub 
111 b o th, g a rd e n ro o m typ e covered oatio. Lo cated on tree studded lot in Slogecoach Hills. 
254o2 North Soddle Trail. *911191 
See by a p p o in tm c n l o n ly , 
Westwood Vittoge 4 bedroom t’,> both, central a ir and beat, car- peling, attached i ca r g a ra g e, oHoched serened palio, assum e convenhonol loon, $197 mo. Equi- ly $31oo ineotiobte) «74-49/4 

S l N l E A l s f A f e i ~ ~ 
One ot the preHiest homes in oreo. 
3'2'Z spill-level, form al living and d in in g , den w ith fir e p la c e . 
Covered polio, beautiful private vard New Listing Don't M iss! 

G L E N O A K S P A R K 
Lovely all brick 3-2-2 in beautiful area. M oster bedroom hos its' own covered patto. Pick vour own gropefruit and pecans. Priced tow lor oreo $44,2oo 

OAK MILLS T E R R A C E 
This preMv perfect 4-2 2 home is high on a hilt. See M edical Center from yard. Single liv in g a re a , spilt bedroom plan. Cool covered potio 

B R A U N STATIO N 
Single living area, tots of beoutiful trees. Two to choose from ! Swim ond plov tennis 
Priced low tor area. 

TIME TD SWIM 
Colonial on pre«v fondscpaod lot. 
4 targe bedrooms, 3 baths, 2 flre- pioces, central heat-air, beautiful carpets ond drapes. 1Sx3o pool, many extras. 
824-4521, nites 
4/4-o/44 
Turner Realty 

$3oo TO M Ò V E IN OIMi $19S month buys this eorpotod 3 bedroom , 2 bath home located on on o v e r­ sized tree shaded corner lot. Im­ maculate condition. A best buy! won't tost tang! 68I-o66o. 
RED CARPET 

TO W N vT e W f iS f A T E S . 4 "2 1, c a rp e t, t ir e p lo c e , co y p a tio , privacy fence, on corner lot. 7% 
VA, $3*2 mo. $48.4oo, no ogens. 
684-8833. 

4BEIMD(MH-Nt6HUyKDI 
2 both, 1,991 sq.«., carpet, cent, corner, big trees, nice 
! 828-o*65 
736-17«* 
734-4117 j 
W ATSON & SON R E A L T O R S 
; 3 Bedroom Kome com pletely in- sulated, aluminum siding. Excei- lent condition. 327 Uvoide 51. 
B elow a p p ra ls o i- root n ic e 2 bdrms, paneled, woM-waM carpet, 
$13,5oo By OPPI, 534-1324, 924 *o32 

R E A L E S T A T E Need 3 salesper­ sons, drow against sales ond list­ ings. "W e poy more thon any eo. 
C O N T A C T : A D O L P H OR R OM O 
A T ; 433-3295, . 
S A C R IF IC E ! Valley Forest, 4-2-1, near bases, qualtty home in small, se clu d ed su b -d iv isio n . B uilt-in appi, covered potio, fenced. A F 
Captain must sell before end of month doe to re-oislgnm ent. $6ooo ossume $23o mo. *75-o543. 
SO U TH R ID G E P A R K - 3-2-1, $2oo down, $175 mo. Aug. poyments. 
J & J R E A L T Y *74-8883 Anytim e 
Super tow eq uity, 2-1, c a rp o rt, cen tra l heat-air, ca rp et, ex tra clean, on cul-de-sac. N ear L a c k ­ land -K elly . No q u a lify in g , con- sider 2nd lein. *$4-1158 

RIDLDT 

TRAK HOMES! 
543SPUTDEoRoDMS! 
4-3 BATHS! 
Let vour home equity be the 1o% 
I or 2o% down povment! 8’ »% now! 
I Going U R ? ? ? ? 8 modois o p e n doi­ ly! Caliaghon at Vance Jock son! 
MiKE KINDER 6L8R 
I 
698-833o 

 rRAOITIONALELEfiANOE 
New home. 4 bedroom, 2'-'> baths. 
On ' J ocre with ooks. Form al liv­ ing and dining room Double gloss ond extro insulation throughout 
$89,5o« 

 i 55x193. W h o ta g a r d e n ! 2 b e ­ droom s, separate dining roem , ponel heat. 2 air conditioners, 22o 
> tor range, screened back porch. 
! $ 18,ooo, 
M a x in e 
H a m m o n d 
$33-71*3, 534-747o j 
BOB JO N E S , R E A L T O R S 
KEYGRDUP 

Btonzi new custom builT homes. 
Only * ie«. 3 Bedrooms. 2 baths, tirepfoce, lots ot extros. Central olr-heot Must see to appreciate. 
Southeast, 2 min. Brooks, and IH 
37 $27,ooo up. VA, FH A . Conven­ tional Loans. 342-728* Anytime 
J U C m iiw tlo i 
C is M M M g rs 

B Y ÓWNEÌB- All b ric k cu sio m home. 3-2-2, tireploce, seo dining, 
2 covered porches $44,ooo Colt 
«48-175o o« 5 

BYDIVNEB 
Equity and toke over $ 'i% VA 
. loan, $84 monihiy paym ent. 39o7 
M a n chester, E a s t C en tra l sch. dist 333-213o, *21-2o19. __________ 

C LO SE TO B RO O K S 
JusI listed beauM ul 3-2-1, carpets, drapes, built-ms, smalt equity or new Conventional loon 
C entury 21 Armct^onárn Century 21 
W H I T E M E A O -H O lllD A Y 
AriTlSTrOnQ V 
o 
W H ITEN E A D -H O lI iO A Y 
«8I-o3M 
R E A L T O R S 
R E A LT O R S 
M L S 
« » M W , 
R E A L T O R S 

 stove, no down, $2o closing. 
*96-742o S L A T E R R L T Y 344-o93« 

 a 6 a MS m i l l ■ By bw ner, 4-2-2, fam ily room , m any ex tra s. A s ­ sume 7 % V A loan, $2So pmts, plus equity. 21o2 San Lucos. *73-7o21. 
A M E R I C A N A - V A L L E Y H I, beautiful homes. Only $2oo down, 
$15o mo. and up. No Credit? O K ! 
922-2173, 67S-9294, 673-S154 
Pot M cVev Real Estate 

$151 A M O N TH 
2 bedroom townhouse. Range, re­ trig , c a rp e t, c e n tra l o ir. Low equity. M ove in todoy! 
B R IG H A M R E A L T Y *73-14o1 
A P LU S condition. 2 homes on 2 's acres. H ardlondale Schools D is­ tric t. Both m a in te n a n c e fre e homes. $69,25o 924 8116, 337 4927 
H Y A T T R E A L E S T A T E 

B E A U T I F U L L Y L A N D S C A P E D 
Spacious 3-2-2, form al split level liv in g - d in in g w ith c a th e d r a l ceiling, paneled den. skylight, ex­ tra large covered potio, entrance courtyard, privacy fence, mony 
: e x tra s on q u ie t c u l-d e -s a c in 
: Adams HiM. Equity and assume. 
6/3 453*. 

, 3 bedroom, both and o holt, 2 air u n its. 
K in g s b o ro u a h 
R id g e . 
$16./oo 924-oo4o or 923 222o ______ 
3 bedroom , 2 bath, fam ily room with fireploce. separate dining, covered ootio, very nice, N ear 
Moursand and 41o. *25,ooo 
G E O R G E SM ITH R L T Y 924-51/4 
3 B ED R O O M , 1 baih. completely fe n ce d 
W a lk in g d is ta n c e to e le m e n ta rv a n d lu n io r hig h s c h o o ls , c h u rc h e s , sh o p p in g centers, etc. *8,25o 

Family Realty 
__________ 7 f t 8111 
* 

B E H IN D F E D M A R T 
Like new 
3 2 1, only $1/5 down, $169 mo No 
Credit* 
O K ! 
922 21/3, 
6/3 5154, 
6/5-9294 
Pot M cV ey Reol Estote 
PIAC! TOU« WANf AD 
IN rm txaetss niws 
CAlt 225 1666 

$2o T O T A L M O V E IN 
Sky Harbour Areo - 3-4 bedrooms, appliances, air. 
First payment 
August. 
222 9616TERRA R E A L T Y 2 4 HRS 
V A A p p r a is e d $ 18,SoO. J be- drooms, 
2 baths, carpeting 
674 2oo1 

WESTWOOD 
SPECIAL 
R E D U C E D $2ooo 
Under VA approisal, No down, no closing cost for V A buyers J be­ droom, 2 bottis, goroge converted to family room Coil for inspection aopi 
675-285o 
Deanie Owens Co 
R E A L T O R S S. West Ofc 

COUNTimfD SECIUSION 
V*t wrtv IS HIM. frw* Sh *M*»W w iIm ciyiMl d«« watan «f Cany** lirii*. 6 toairtjl«! HiH Cavfltfy lta<li 
>MMkikH|. 
Imw 21 t* U 
■inn. en»» Iram $16o6 ^ mrt. tmnA nw4i, rMliWi»«» wi4 • wMr fiMHKhiy. 
COMAL COUNTY 
Hill Country Ranch 
48S Oak »iitMt* acre». IS mi. Mnti al 
Saa Aalaaia aaar Caayaa laka. Ipdat- fa* nmh, oaak, *• • », sa4 ihara* at ma»t taiiar. towty I a*« mmty'raa* fraaMga. Nka* $816 par atra. 
FLYING R REALTY latafa* I a*. aarMi iaMfiadiaa, 
HWr. 281 aiMi 46 
1-438-7429 ives. 1 —.899-2793 

KILL COUNTRY LIVING 
5 MIN. TO UTSA 
V. TO 3 ACRf HOMESinS 
OAK TREES 
PAVED ROADS 
CITY WATER 
N.S. SCHOOLS 
HORSES WELCOME 
LOW DOWN PAYMENT 
OWNER EINANCED 
RUIlOtNG RESTRICTIONS 

Take Bandera Rd. to Helofes, Turn lef! on FM 156o {GAIM R D ) H mile to soles office, 

 tnlrance to property on Galm Rd and Stogecoach Lane 

Siagacoach 
Lane 
H6LoTES 
SHOPPING center 

16o4 
T 
PIGOTT PROPERTIES 

Sat. & Su n . 6 95 -91 83 

A n y t im e 4 94 -7 87 1 

COUNTRY LIVING 

Approx. 8 otres. 1oo% rock- 

 brick hom e. 3 bedroom s, 2 

 both rooms, huge country 

 kitchen, fireplace, over 22oo 

 sq. ft. TOO WANT EXTRAS TO 

LIST! 

 iBOB McGINNIS 

R i A L T O R S 
V 349-6211 

Ferry Boat. 
SW IN N EY, 491-1«71 or *$«-o199 

IB F D E m O P iK liT iW ju*t openod 2 to $ a c re tro cts 
Rolling o(R(s Ettdtos, convenient 
U TS A -L.A .F.B . Pre-developm ent p rice s from $3,ooo a c. Low dn. 
W ooded re s tric te d h o m e site s. 
Electricity, poved streets, no city taxes. *73-7827, *84-7395, 432-o32o. 

IIHERMB 

T e x e s v etero n s »er A w r ^ 7 3 

 e H M F S I M lf : * . 
L a rg e tro ct N o rth out 2 « lj t* m llos. oak*, good »o»r 
Robort Smith. B ro ko r. *98-2o93, eve. 494-«««7. __________________ _ 
W A N t MORSli? t h is b e a W 
3-2 is eo rfoct. Singl# fom . Ivg area. F P , gameroom, plus '/t ac. lot fi«xt ot addltlonol coit. 
SeotodovF 4f4-S23T Afiyttme 
DEDGABPn 

I M I E im T 
O v e r a n a c r e , out l i t N e rth . 
S4SM. Geod term s, tor m are in- torm otion, ceil Benny M a rtin e t 
497-3753, «24-o85o. _____________ _ 

DAKWLLRAMDHID. 
3 ac or IV« ac, alt utilities 
828-o66S 
736-17*« 
534-4439 
W ATSON & SON R E A L T O R S 

 m YSLEFTI 
R E P O S - T a k e over p a ym en ts 
T h e ir toss is y o u r g o in i 1972 
, prices. Adlocont to Canyon Lake. 

I Call M yron L. M aplot, brokor. 
342-18o8 

MISONOL 
A C R E A G E G A L O R E t H ear John 
G e n n a lly '5 
R a n c h 
2 3 o + 13o. 
Owiwr carry. M oke after. 

V n l m i i l R t s o c 
«84-7171 
*99-589* 
*99-oo*6 
YNGMI SB FOREVER 
A beautiful mountain, a tontostic view ! A lm o st 5 o cre s north of town loaded with oak trees. Close in. Owner mitot sell quickly! 7% % financina, coll R oy Wood, 497-3751 or 822-9355. 
________ 

^ 
A 
C 
R 
I 
F 
I 
C i ^ 

4 bdrms., VA baths, rack home on 
S ocres of solid trees. 
Northwest off IH-IO, clese-in. 
Home has many recent im- provemenls, but owner tronsfer- red ond MUST SELL. 
ART SELDOM 
REALTOR 

342-9486 Rot: 6S5-5oo4, 

DVT 2D1 NORTH 
1o Acres in H. Borcrott Estates. 
H ear Berghiem . Fenced. Ow ner corry. Open term s. StS.OM. 

V l R B IP B R I A S S D C 
«84-7171 
*99-oo** 
65+44o8 
Over 2 ac tor mobile er bidg, N E of S.A. all uWiltlOS, «56-1S89. 

PIKSHEEK 

GUADALUPE 
RIVER TRACTS 
Only a few left. 

1A/ide riv e r • w h ite w a te r 

 n e a r B e rg h e im . B e tw e e n I 

 a n d 
2 a c re s fro m 

$1 5 ,o o o . 
5 % d o w n , 
12 

 y e o rs T o p a y a t 8 % sim p le in te rest. A P R 8 % , 

H B G R E A L 
E S T A T E 

7 3 3 -1 3 o 9 o r 4 97 -3 5 84 

NEW HOMES IN 
NORTHWEST 
SAN ANTONIO 
COMING SOON 

A n o t h e r Fine 
RAY ELLISON 
COMMUNITY 
681-3o2o 

BANDERHHDAD 
3.412 A c re *. 2 w e lls, 2 se p tic tonks, 14x78 Lancer mobile home. 
One room old rock house on property. 
M S R E A L T Y 
Scotty Couldt, Realtor 
824-7417 
344-5*33 

BEAUTIFUL HDMESITE 
125x35o ft. cleared tot witb oak, cedar and redbud tree*. I’ * mi. from Lions P ark in Centerpoint, 
Tx. Jim Longworth 533-71*3, nite* 
333-2743 
B O B JO N E S , R E A L T O R S 

KEY SBDDP 
• BEAUTIFUL WATERFHDNT 
Guadalupe R iver North, Close in, n ea r B oerne. Tw o a c re s , huge fr e e s , a ll to p s o il o n d g ra s s . 
R obert Sm ith, B ro ker. *98-2o41, eve. 494-*777. 

8.6 A C R E S 
1*' I miles north out US 281. Good re s tric tio n s , a ll new sc h o o ls. 
Owner financing available. 
JIM 
H A R D IN 
R E A L T O R , 
497-353o 

B LA N C O R O AD 
1o.29 a c re s , e le v a tio n , ta n k s, 
- creek, fence, * acres in fields, S7* ft. highway frontage, 1 mile from 
Canyon 
Creek 
Country 
Club, 
824-7311 

1 + Acras 
1o m ites fro m 41o. A ll utilities a v a ila b le . R esid en tia l sub -d iv i­ s io n . $ 3,75o. 
R o b e rta W h ile 
533-7163, 333-8763 
BOB JO N E S , R E A L T O R S 

KEY GRDDP 

BDERNEADREADE 
1o.9 unim proved acres, 95' fro n ­ tage on IH-1o. Site lust south of 
Hwy. 46 intersection. Residential or com m ercial tocotion. $5,5oo per acre with owner financing. Trade, otters considered. 494-2634. 

CgUNTRXKTATI 
Iorge executive home end 27 ocres in ntorby Comal County, lovely view, short drive to town or take. 
Coll Riley Flynn. Nites 698-2842 

$149,9oo 
824-6395 

24 Hr. T«i«phon« S«nfic« 

GngCHfom Oo 
REALTORS 

3.1 ACHES 
1o m inutes from C anyon o a m . 
$695 per ocre. Owner will corry note. 
342-18o8. 
B IL L H U G H E S , 
B R O K E R . 
1o.2 A C R E S neor Blanco, $7995, liberal term s by owner. 534-8876. 

1o ACRES Near Blanco 
Add P R I D E of ow nership to all the o th e r v a lu e s in th is tin e property with im m acu late 2 be­ droom residence. Convenient to 
C a n y o n L a k e . O n ly $ 37,ooo. 
Lucille 
Bierschw ale 
344-2341, 
344*5549 
BOB JONESy R E A L T O R S 

KEY GRDUP 

B U L V E R O e E S T A T E S - 2 trocts, 
6.8o acres, 
$35oo per acre, 
494-5183. 
B U L V E R D E H ILLS 
New 3-2-2 b ric k , fo rm a l dining room, tireploce, almost 1 acre of land, p ro fessiono ily d ecorated. 
12x2o utility room , built to sell. 
$54,5oo. 497-353o 
JIM H A RD IN R E A L E S T A T E 
B Y O W N ER , I’ aacre W hispering 
Hills, cleared o«, devetoped, new la rg e hom es being built, n ea r 
High school, neor 
Hwy 
281. 
659-o246. 

2Vi acres - $21oo. Repossession. 
M ake up S back paym ents and i toke over balance. L A K E C R O F T : 
R E A L E S T A T E , 342-1661. 
Pleasanton, 1o-5o ac. util, gam e, trees, tow dn paymt. 2o Y r. owner financing, 1-5*9-3382 853-44o4 
P LEA S A N TO N - Big 3-2-den, huge 

Y O U 'V E F O T TO S E E 
Tlhs charming 4 bedroom home in 
H ill C o u n try V illa g e . A g ia n t liv e -oa k fra m e s the b e a u tifu l courtyard entry. A huge den toees a patio shaded by another giant oak. The stables are «reproofed and s h e lte re d by m o re o o k s! 
Everything is beautitol on * Vi ocres. 
344-8348 
Grace Arnold 
^ ^ I R E A U n O R S M L i ^ 
22DBESDKTPHBKKTIES 

’“ " ’ " ‘"’" T n s e S o t i t u r " " " ^ ^ f^lNYONLAKE 
• H ILLSID E LO T • B E A U T I F U L 
View - $14oo Easy Term s 
• Large Lot - Trees-Near Loke 
And boat ram p - E osy Term* 

 fierepiace. Only 3 y rs old. On $ | 
C O p t . E . J O I ie S tree studded acres. Roads om 3 i 
92 3 -6 2 1 1 

1a beautiful piece of p r o M f f r ^SK 
M e d in a L a k e w a te rfro n t with home and everything you could desire. Cali tor oppt. *84-4211, 
1-751-9943 
Pioneer Realty 
1353 Rice Riwd, large 3 bedroom, 
1 bath, a m ro x I acre. 
648-333oLG RIPPS R L T Y .*48-o448 
R.M. G E O R G E R E A L T Y 
242 MAIN 
B O E R N E , T E X A S 
249-2*78, 249-3545, 249-354* 

HOGK HWME on Wright Carpenter Rd. ott 2815. 
Older 2-story +1-2 with fireplace. 
On ISO a c re s . A lse a v a il 5*.*3 acres across road. Owner carry. 
Open terms. Call Vera. 
V a ilm ilA s « K 
*8+7171 
*9i-SS9* 
*99-oo6* 

SCHEHTZ 
Beautiful 54.25 Acres. Low taxes. 
All utilities avail. 
Van R im A Assoc 
«8+7171 
«53-5*29 
*99-oo*6 

ID SECLDDED ACHES 
Just 14 ml. sooth of 41o5. 4 be­ droom, 3 both, den with tirem iace. 
27oo so. «. Central heat and air, carpeted, swimming, fishing and hunting. J E R R Y BACO N , R E A L - 
TORS, 1-742-3M3. S.A. *22-3323. 
Sell or trade 12V] acres, S of New 
B ra u n fe ls, 3-1V«, p e rm a n e n tly locoted m obil hom e, a tta ch ed room , la rg e born tor an im a ls, goroge or shop. No restrictions 
Good terms. 
Owner-ogent, 
1 *2+5822. 

B E A U T I F U L W aterfront P rop er­ ty. 2 bdrm house, 2 both, spacious, new ca rp et, 125 tt. G u a d a lu p e waterfront, 1 m ile from Seguin. 
Aft +weekends (512) 379-7155. 
Brick Home on Guadalupe R iver leoding into La k e M cQ u ee n ey , 
One acre with 1oo ft, rive r front, above flood level 3 bedroom . 2 both, large pecan and other trees, boat house ond other features, 
R o n a ld H e in e m e y e r R e a lt o r , 
379-5384 Seguin. ________________ 
By Ctomer: 2 bedromn 2 ca r gar­ age with Genie, carpeted, drapes, fully p a n elled , cent, heat, a ir , 
Itow ers, la w ns, g a rd e n , d e c k , rock (oundotion and fire p la c e , 
$28,5oo. 1-899-2o34. 
____ 

GMKYONUIKE 
2 bedroom rustic cabin with flre- p lo ce, ex celle n t view of L a k e . 
$18,oW. A. Jones 497-3571. 
Canyon Lake H ills, by ow ner, 2 bedrooms, i'/«baths, central oir- heat, firep la ce, ca rp et, custom d ra p o s, d lsh w o sh o r, d is p o s o l, stove, retrig. 2 C ar garage. Large trees. «27,9oo. 512-899-24o5. 

SNna Rarli Estates 
4 Lots on IH 35 access rood at overpass. High visibility 
Zoi ed 
B-1. Joe M. Cullinon 
Realtor 
512-34+2341 
BDB JD N ES , P E A L T O R S 
KEYGRDUP 
B Y D W N E R . 1>2 a c re s in H ill 
C ountry, a c ce ss to riv e r, 512oo equity, $5* mo or will trade equity 
(or pickup or boot. 736-217*. 

B Y O W N E R tn O U N L A Y . 3 be- 
; droem , 1 bath home, living and i utility rooms, on 
!■/> acres. 
I 1-42+35*1. 

SMHLLAD^ES 
5 to 1o acre trocts ott 1*o4 and 37S. 
Low down pavm ent-ow nor w ill carry. Call Nights and woekends 
341-591o or 349-o252. 

Deanie Dwens Co. 
N. Wost Ofc. 

CA N Y O N L A K E 
.MOBILE L O T 
1o,ooo sq. tt. fantastic view. Pool, boat ram p near by. $14oo, $1oo 
: down, 78 mo. at $21.43 A P R 8%. 
' M E L M I L L E R 
226-2324 

CANYDNUyiEAeHEHDE 
I Fronting on P otters C ree k Rd. odioining Potters Creek pork. 1*8 acres of high potential land with unimpeded view and m any oaks. 
JM Cullinon, Realtor 
' 
S 2-34+2341 
BO B JO N E S , R E A L T O R 

CHMYDIUiKEHCREADE 
Fro nting on P o rte rs C ree k R d. odioining Potters CreMt pattt. i«8 acres of high potontiol land with unimpeded view and m any ooks. 
JM Cullinan, Realtro 
512-34+2341 
BOB JO N E S, R E A L T O R 

I 9.5 A C R E S , neor Leon Springs, 
I paved road,' sp e cta cu la r view, t e le c tricity , re stric tio n s X $33oo 
! ocre. 73+13o2.__________________ 
! * acres, no down $59,4o mo Blan- co oreo, wooded, high view, next j large ranch. Jim Ashley Realty 
I 226-7774. 
____________________ 

1 ACHES NW 
V e r y c lo s e in. U T S A . U S A A , 
M e d ica l C e te r, tree s, beoutiful 

E M O R Y ’ Acres on spring fed creek. $5oo down payment. $78 per mo. F o r 

Cabin and 1o acres on top of a hill 
In Bondero Co. 1-535-415o. 
China Grove areo, 1— 6 acres 
Sm all a crea g e tow ard B o e rn e. 
648-333oLG R IPPS R L T Y .*48-o448 $1ooo down. 22+8482. 

 m m m iTf 
Devine, Texas 
1-663-4S58 
S.ABIreclUaBfi2ii-i?nn 

A 14.58 ACRE TRACT 
Bandera, Pipe Creek area. Deer, 

C O M A L C O U N TY 
Within in com muting distance to 
Son Antonie. S e v e ra l n ice new homes, rock or brick, trees and views. Pick your own colors. Be ready to move before new school year. 497-353o 
JIM H A RD IN R E A L E S T A T E 

SO U TH : 2V« A cres or m ore, all utilities, term s. «2+1544 

SOUTH 3.84 ACHES 
Big oaks, well, tonced, old cabin 
828-o**5 
73+17«* 
*7+o*29 
W ATSON & SON R E A L T O R S 

CoDÍKTRYLÍVÍN6 
281SoUni*BAI%AIIK! 

CMIYMIlAKE-BYOIinKEH 
Southsldo of lake, owner financed. 
Trees and view, 5 acres or more. 
1-899-7984, 82+8421. 
4 Canyon Lake Lots. 53*oo total oduitv. O r trade tor anything ot equal value. Will sell one or ail. 
(817)2«+387S. 
Canyon L a k e a c re near w ater. 
$65oo value tor $45oo. «5+49*2 
C A N Y O N L A K E H IL L S , 2 beau­ tifu l tak ev lew lo ts. B y O w n e r 
34+2284 or 732-5758. 

Large wooded home site in serene i 5 acres, 22o hwy frontoge, 4 bdrm . 
Hill Country area. M inutes from • 2 Mtti, largo oak trees, borns, 11 

 down. Shown by opp't 
JO N E S 734-4627, 828-6244 

S.A., out Son Pedro. Fish, eam p or conoo In p riv ó te p o rk . C a li 
Charles 
Baíley, 
497-3752, eves 
67+2552. 

 mi out, term s open. Also, sm otler lot 75X3oo* on paved rd, woter. 
Alpha 
Real 
Estate 
732-587* anytime. 

14.7 Ac 
2 MI.N Pleasanton 
Large Ook Trees, on Galvon Ck. 
Lot 2o-8.o ac., 375’ water welt, 5oo gol. septic system , pum p house. 
Lot 21-«.7 A c Sell all $18,ooo. 2 m iles N. ol Pleasanton on Hwy 
281, turn E . into Encino Village, inquire Lot 2o-Sid Stewart. 

Sale By Ow ner, in beautitui hill country. Coll to visit 734-93*3 

SACHESSDDTHEAST j On Sulphur Springs Rd. Beautiful 
• oaks, Close-in. O w ner financed. 
Bill Harper, 494-7412. 

IDS ACRES 
ST. H E D W iG A R E A Good soil. 
344-6268 
923-S844 
*84-57*8 

CONNALIY 
R E A L E S T A T E INC. 

4-f AC O F F H W Y 16 N 
Corner, paved 3 sides, frees 
828-o*65 
73+17«* 
734-4117 
W ATSON & SON R E A L T O R S 
_______________________ ______ 

A C R E A G E H O M E S IT E S 
! a n n n n w -» o n n r n 
NW of Son A n to n io in B e x a r ,) 
APPROX / ACRES 

 or M o re ''" '" “ "'' i with l? v W o n k ,'E " ? y n S T a l Ois- 

DDN SMITH CD 
*98-244o 
B R O K E R 
698-2261 

%D DECREE VIEW 
Beautttoi 3 and 9 ocre tracts with gorgeous view or miles. Approx 3 miles from Boerne in exclusive i area. 
249-3545 or 249-2*78 
242 S. M AIN 
B O E R N E , 
T E X . i 
R.M . Oeorgg Reqlfy 
I 
D E V E L O P E R 'S D R E A M 
3 ocres, oaks in settled suburb, i 
Exclusive homes. Inside N. 1*o4. 
[ 
M A C R E A L E S T A T E 828-2521 
! 
Double g a rag e a p artm ent on 5 ; acres at Smtley. Paved F M road frontage. 
Si 2,ooo. 
92+8116, i 
337+927 
' 
H Y A T T R E A L E S T A T E 

Sparkling water on Guadalupe 
11.7 acres, cyprcss-pecon trees 
492-943* H Costle Reolty 732-66o2 

C H A N N E L -F R O N T LO TS 
Mustang Beach Port Aranos. Clo­ sest access to Gutt by boot of oil m o io r d e v e lo p m e n ts on South 
Texas Coast. 3Soo' odioining a ir­ strip. Pre-developm ont discount tor first 3oo lots. W rite tor b ro ­ chure: I Tow nhouse Lo ne, C o r­ pus 
Christi 
78412 o r call; 
512-991+5*1. 

SUN V A L L E Y 2.71 Acres, $ *,»o. 
2 LO TS, approx. 1 acre at Cypress 
Te rm s to suit. C all 
34+7o3* 
«t*tolls. Nllos 

Don IftMFlMlMR 

« CO. INC. R E A L T O R S M LS 

V A L L E Y HI- *1o3 H A Z E L V A L ­ 
L E Y , (ust ott R o y E llis o n D r. 
Near New school*. 3 I'a-1, sepor- ate dining , oppI*, g a ra g e co n ­ verted to den or 4th bedroom, cent oir heot, large corner It, fenced. 
By oppf. Sof-Sun. Con any doy ott 
*■ 1 772 3928 
______________ 

VALLEY HI 
3-2 home with carport and excel­ lent condition throughout. Stove and refrigerator remoin. Ideal for retirem ent, starter home or ren­ tal p ro p e rty . SI7,Soo. 344-3o78, nite* «9+3158. 
DON JO H N SO N , R E A L T O R S 

M 
M p y p 

ValleyHI-VaKeY-LQW 
N ow here con you go to find a iorge home for this price! 14oo sq. 
I tt. 3 bedrooms, 2 baths and only 
*21,ooo m Vulley-Hi 
341 4491 
Nites *84-4154, 34 1 4728 
G E O R G E F L O O D R E A L T O R S 
We specialize in ottering govern- menf owned homes tor sale in the 
Lqcklond-KeMv A ir Base area. No down, no VA eligibility required 
C a ll tor c o m p le te d e ta ils . 
Servicemen s Really, *75 13oo 

'/{ACREBERDHEIM 
$1495 - Name your term s. As low as $35 per m onth. H B G R E A L 
E S T A T E 733-13o9 or 497-3584. 

!4ACRENWt99S 
Beautiful stocked lake, electrici­ ty, telephone, excellent location. 
IS min, to W onderland. No city taxes. Bit! Essex 341-5941 

2o A cres at $«95 acre, ott 281N, 
Ooks, lovely springs, hunting. Jim 
Athley Real Estate *84-4276 

 trict, water ond electricity avail. 
344-6268 
341-456* 
*95-3113 i 
RH2S79-WILSBNCD. 
$ acres and 3 bedroom borne. 
34+6268, 
92+5844, 
*9+3113 
COUNALLY 
R E A L E S T A T E INC. e P P D flV i n n I F D C Q 
I Fo r sate By Owner. 5 Acres hill n r r n U A . lU U n b n C o 
¡c o u n try . $ 3oo dow n p a y m o n t, 
N W , T a lle y R d. Ju s t ott 1*o4. ) $46.59 per mo. C ali tor m ore in- 
Beautiful scenic country. J E R R Y ! formation, 9-5. 73+9598, after « 
B A C O N R E A L T O R S 422-3735, 
73+79*4 
48+2195, 622-3323. 

CONNALLY 
R E A L E S T A T E INC. 

9.868 ACRES 
3 bedroom s with living and dining and la rg e k itc h e n . See in s id e home to appreciate. 21o tt well. 
Charles Quist 344-2341, 732-175o 
BOB JO N E S , R E A L T O R S 

J M p y p 

Approxim ately 13 or 19 acres, 2 bedroom, I bath, large beautiful kitchen, S out buildings, tractor shed, steel corral, good welt with 
3,ooo gallon storage. Stock tank, beautiful trees, partially sprigged tor g razing , highw ay frontage, 
¡one mile west, 3 m iles south of 
¡S o m erset on F M 476. A p p o in t­ ment, 1-429-3294. 

H ILL C O U N T R Y R E A L T Y 
424 Main St. 
Boerne, Tx 
(512)249-2o31 Collect 

HILL enHKTRY SITE with largo oak trees, located on 
F ly in g L R a n c h in B a n d e ra . 
Priced to sell 
“ tast” ! 
(512) 
*5+5794 

* acres, Blanco area, high view, oak trees, hunting. $1ooo a cre . 
Jim Ashley Reol Estate *84-4276 
I* A C R E S - C A M F S T A N L E Y . 3 bdrm home, 2 bath, living room w ith F P , d in in g ro o m co m b o , family room, saltillo tile and ca r­ pet, beautitui ooks. W ES T R E A L ­ 
TY. 45+4494. $79,5oo. 

3AoRES-CASTRDVILLE 
2-2'J-2, guest rm + bath, born pens, pecan, (ruit trees, fenced 
828 o4*5 
73+17*6 
534 4439 
W ATSDN & SON R E A L T D R S 

'/2 ACRES $1,375 
$3oo down, all utilities, owner loon 
828-o**5 
73+1766 
734-411/ 
W ATSON & SON R E A L T O R S 
4o a c re s , ex q usite view , la rg e ooks, beoutiful building site on paved Laurie M achell, ott Buld' verde and Smithson Volley Rds. 
Doys 22+5121, eves 342 o4*9 
9 acres, field," south ot Bexor ¿o! 
$87oo, Bell, 22+2324 

A P P R O X . 2 m iles south of F M 
1518 on old P lea san to n R d. At- tra ctiv o 3 bedro om , double d e­ tached garage. 2 '» ocres of land. 
923-4327, 349-8453 
Ronald WIHiamson 

6ACKTDNATÜRE 
Alternative life style seekers will be amazed by these few select 5 acre and u p tracts eing sold to people who ore in the same head sp ace as you. T h e re ore giant trees, streom s, springs, and view tor 2o miles. Price* stort a* low os 
*9oo per acre with up to 2o years to pay, low down paym ent, 8% in te re st. P r o p e r t y is lo c a te d between K endalia and Tw in Sis­ ters. Call Bill Hughes, Broker, tor appointment to spend seme time in the Hill Country. 822-1236, or 
1-88+71o2. 

H ILLTO P 
5.« O AK S T U D D E D A C R E S 
\ Beoutiful view In prestigious F a ir 
I O a k s D o v a io p m o n t. P r ic e in- 
I eludes a rch itectu ra lly designed 
I d o o r plon. P ric e d in the $ 3o’s. 
I 69o-899* otter *pm 

{ HomesteoMi on Nacogdoches Rd. 
125 Acres. Outside 1*o4. si*o,ooo. 
, Owner 6S1-698S 

; Take up poym ents on % a cre NW 
; tor hom e bu ildin g . W ater, city i uttltties. M r. Fetter, *79-7229. 

 i 2 to 4 a c r e s n o rth . M o b ile s , h o rs e s , o h. $ 5o d o w n , $ 3$ .8$ monthly. 1o years. Mogee 342-251* 
3 lo 1* A cre tracts, will finance 
, tank on I tract, nice trees. 
1 *84+211 P IO N E E R R E A L T Y 
4 TR A C TS on Lam m Rd. in south 
Bexar Co. 33.5 to 35.5 Ac, o.3 mi. 
S.W. from intorsection of F M 1*o4 and lH-37. N ear Braunig Loke. 
W a ltirP .S c M n lliil» 
33+4971 
*5+2254 
532- t1*4 
4 TR AC TS on Lam m Rd. In south 
Bexor Co. 33.5 to 35.5 Ac, o.3 mi. 
S.W. from intersection of F M 1*o4 and lH-37. Noar Braunig Loko. 
N alterP.tealallg aljy 
33+4971 
*53-2254 
$ 32/1*4 
9 UNIT M O T Ì L -b E V I N E 
2 fu rn is h e d o p o r tm e n ts , T/% o cre s, m obile hom e hook-ups. 
P r ic e d low , m ust s t i l l S A M 
W O R D , R E A L T O R l-**3-2«21. 
Devine, Texas. 

E S T A T E S A L E 
Hom e Southside C on y o n Lo k e . 
O ver 1*oo sa.H. 2 Story, 2 bath, fir e p la c e , s u n d c c k , a tta c h e d hobby room , new ly rem od eled , new c a rp e t, c lu b h o u s e , p o o l, tennis priveleges, garbage pickup school bus pickup at door. $37,ooo. 
Owner carry 2nd lien. 
LO T at Cypress Cove, clubbouse, pool, tonnis c o u rt, p ic n ic o nd camping tacHitles. $2,ooo. Owner carry note. 341-1574, +93S+33S 
Exclusive Recreational M em ber- ship. Property N R . Del Rio Worth 
$575o. Only $5ooo. Coll 8 Oavis 
782+n*________________________ 
FO R R E N T , South P odre Island, 
Tiki, 1 bedroom condo. NO pets. 
$2oo. wk. Also monthly role. Write 
PO Box 2374 South P adre Island, 
Tx. 78578. 

Ft C lark Springs m em bership 
Total $4,ooo. 4 different types of ogreement. 822-3*4t 
22o F T . ON L A K E P L A C ID , 3-2 with fire p la ce . $ 59,5oo. B ob ble 
Anderson, G R E I N - C A M P B E L L 
R E A L T Y , 
S.A. 
*58-5131. 
1-3 
+2*34 

H o rsesho e B oy c o n d o m in iu m . 
Next to golfcourse, 2-2, woik-in closets, study, living-dining room, eiec kitchen, utllty room. Assum e equity or new loon. $34,5oo Owner 
43+1351 
(L O T ), on sunny coast, $5o. dn. 
535. mo. Horry. *53-3289 

L O V E L Y Cypress Cove. Canyon 
Lake. 3 lots, 517oo each. Ow ner 
Hnanced. 21+271-8o85. 

Perso na lized Q ^ig ner Pa ttern 

 i A C R E S . Fireplace. 4 bedrooms. 
Repairs needed. P riced to move. 
Please hurry! SAM W ORD, Reol- tor. I t*3-2*21, Otvine, Texo* 

26 ACRES 
Homesite includes weekend house with pool nesltod on a bluff with a view Land alone worth the price. 
C A L L 494-5227 
Arm strong Co 
R E A L T O R S __________ ^ 
M LS iO Acre* molestie ooks, well 52oo dn. 
Term s. 
Owner financed. : 
6/7-8o54 

• 64 ACR ES • 
4 mile* from New Braunfels 
2 large, deep tanks. Good fnces, on 2 roads, waterline front ond rear. 
Santex Co., Realtors 653-o46o 

2.5 A C R E S 
II m iles north out San P e d ro , choice executive type home sites 
Loodeel with trees and a full view 
Owner sez sell ond will finance. 
For information or oppi calt 
49/ 353o 
JIM H A R D IN R E A L T O R ____ 
IMl ACliON NOMtol« rOB »AST «(SUU5 
PlACi HOUR WANT AO 
IN THt f XPHI55 Ni WS 

 c a ll 2'/5 166o 

 mRSE HEAVEN 
4-2'/t-2 R ed b r ic k ra n c h s ty ie . 
Central a-h, «replace Iorge living area on 3 acres with horse facili­ ties. Ju st 15 m inutes N orth of 
Mall. Buivorde Schools, iss.ooo, 
CaU Jim Hanley, Broker. m V E ii AREA REALTY 
497 3*21 R E A L T O R S 1+438-7442 
W a te M M A N 'S S P E C IA L ------ 
$ acres. It miles north Son Pedro, , 
3-2-3 cor garage, all brick, nice, i out b u ild in g s, tonced, g a rd e n . ! private water well. Fo r inform a- ! tion or dpp't phono 497-353o, nites 
I-88S-44o* 
JIM HARD IN R E A L E S T A T E 

IH-IO N O R TH 
Mobile homo In excellent condi­ tion in Adult ora«. 3 bedroom , 2 both. N ic t lot with oak T r o ts . 
73+7141, 82+6477, 

G . M . m C O 

, 
--------- iW B Z H B r t iA ------------- 
A C R E S cooslol tieldm for ' 
, A» •»¡■‘c “ 3 tes 
• 
2 bth onergy otticient home. 
Lg . room s, cvd. potto., storag e roem. Buy now and choose ttoor coverings, appliances, tile, etc. 
Move In July 1st. Sandidge Con- strucHon; t-796+743 
JU S T LIS T E D 

7 o 4 4 3 
Sp adea Bo u tiq u e 

DDERNEAREAHDMES 
3 B ED R O O M , on running water 
$*2,5oo. 
H ' J A C R E S W ith 2 *lorv native rock home *128.ooo 
L U X U R Y H om e, a c re a g e , p e r­ manent creek *255,ooo. 
BDEHNE AREA ACREAGE 
15 A C R E building site, ook trees and water well. 
5 A C R E S , fenced, water, near town 
49 A C R E S , weekend home, paved front 
8 horse* 
EDMERGELECD. 
! 
R EA LTO R 
B O E R N E , T E X A S 
' 3 A 824-9112 
Boerne 249 352* 

BOERNE 

Groat view from this 19o« sq. tt. 
3-2. Larg e living with « replace. 

Entry «le foyer ieods to large osh I on poneled fam ily area. This unusual all rock home with 3 bedrooms, 2 battts, *1 only $43,9oo. 

 dining, 24x24 den with pool table, 
1.14 acres, Ask (or Fra n While 
341-916« A N Y T IM E 

242Gegrae a Oulck Builders 
12 5 fflotn, Boerne i-249-2*/ 

BOERNE 

Century 21 

HOW ARD T A T E R E A L T O R S 

 lïïlE 
Alm ost An A e rei $9o« with only 
: $1o« down, $36.18 per month tor 24 montos at 8% APR L A K E C R O F T 
R E A L E S T A T E 341-1*61. 

Modern rock 1-2 2, nestled omong 
5 acres, ot Oaks in popular addi­ tion o d ia c e n l to c ity lim its . 
F e n c e d and c ra s s fe n ce d for ' »r:a i; r r r ‘,:L":' 
»(""- r m " ; ! '.'«: 

 o r'“ ’* 
R.M. GEORGE REALTY 
242 5 Mom S t, Boer ne, Tx 

B O E R N E 23oo 
SQ. 
F T 
BRICK 
H O M E 
On 2 ocres, 1 mi. west of Boerne 
B O E R N E 
R A N C H 
R E A L T Y 
224 /1/1 

Th w h ig h wiiiHllin o Hearn eu rv en g racefu lly do wn to th e n atu ral wu iHl in bu ck in th iw ereu lio n fro m Sp n dea 
Bo u tiq u e. Th e '/ip p er ia aet in th e cen ter Eju ck seain . 
Fabric« : do u ble k n it, wo o l, blen d« , » y n th etic. 7 o 4 4 3 m cu t o n ly in Misaea S izes 8 -lb . 8 ize 12 req u ires ap ­ p ro x imately 2 i / 4 y ds. o f 5 4 ” fabric. To o rder: sen d p attern n u mber, s iz e , n ame, adilren s an d zip . Price 
B2 .5 o p lu s 2 5 4 p o stag e. 
2 mi Conyon Lofcei * acres, bolh ' Bi-<,'en ten n ial Issu e o f Sp adeti Hair Fiish iu n s E)y Wo rld h lg h \‘itw" j"m*Ash to ?*Rro ^^^ 'F am o u s Hair S ty lists - o v er 7 5 cu rren t dewig n s wn h 
2 2 6-7774 
_________________ in fo rmatio n o n h air care an d at-h u me Hly lin g , SI 
•p o stp aid. Mak e ch eck p ay able to Sp u deu . '.Sen d o rders to th is n ewsp ap er, c / o Sp adea, 2 Bridg e St., Milfo rd. 
I N.J. o 8 8 4 8 . Dep t. 

 to e fASt etsuiT* 
PIACI ro u e WANT AO 
IN THt fXPRI** Ntw* 
CAU 125-1 666 

ÍXPRESS-Ni¥ íS BMHK JIBS 
TlXAS SIZE SAVBIOSm m m 

2 l b i e s ^ igum ^ jg i^ 
1 o M r s 

 m-ffisWTniiniinES 
228 raiirpaopaiiiH 
22« .8F8naiPinPt«iK m -fW BM iiwiic Ki 

GUADAL UPE RIVER TRACTS 
I 

! • 

1 -3 ACRES. . . . NEW BRAUNEEIS AREA 

W e have 1o large (2oo ft, to 3o5 ft.) wooded river front lots in Coma! County ’s restricted prestigious rural sub­ division, only 5 miles from New Braunfels and IH35. 
These are the ONLY river front lots in this 1ooo acre development. Prices start at $ 24,5o o. This is the FIRST offering of our river tracts. 

K EN K A R G E R , oevnoPER 

3 7 5 LANDA 
NEW BRAUNFELS, TX. 7 81 3 o 

6 2 5 - 4 4 1 4 

• m m 

 m m 

HOLIDAY SPECIALS 
1oo ACRC&, cjjyBlty. N« *if 
Howto with horn«, w.W, ou* boildtna» ond viow from mooo- 
♦ototop 
Owmr pom and MUST 
SEU 

34o ACttES IB AtatoMo Co. iwaf tH- 
37 «os» of lewiBf- ftoods a# orouod, sowie Coot»al and otd Mds, to» of ot* trees. Ownef nsodr offer 

12o ACRES in Morfineit St. Hedwig oreo AR in cuffivolton or improved glasses, 2 huge lakes stocked «vi*fi fish, poved rood ood ««tertine Terms by owner. 

26 ACRES »2 miles sootti of 41o 
Poved fronfoge. some field, lot of trees and eosy terms by osimer 

Other Propeifles Avajtofate — let Me 
Help Tou 8uy o* SeMI 
ART SIIOON-RIAITORS 
Off: 342-9485 
8« : 555 5oo4 

236d)iMIIEIICiAlñtOPBITY suif 
1 A c t*, corner FM72S ond Zipp 
Rd. $ of New B rounfels. good tecation for c onv.nionc e storo- 
»o« station ty pe butines» . Excet- ienf traffic count yyifft ovor 39o home» in area. 
Owner-agont. 
-52S-Ma2 

2 acres J commercial, W e*t side. 
16oo ft. m odern offic e, 3ooo ft. waretKfuse, mise storage sheds, easy term s, dealer’s cooperate 
Residence 
73S-31Ì4, 
433-3243 

7 
ÊSÈÊÊSSS 

N O N ccmmmciAu 
CANCilLABa 

W I T H O U T 
RATI CHANOI 
2 
2 
5 
- 1 6 
6 
6 

O U l C f C R E S U I T S I 

248 PICE SPACE FOU LEASE I 
PRESTIOIOUS O FFICE SPACE 
In growing N W. sector Reosono 
Me rotes 
Greater S.A 
Butler» 
Assoc. 
‘ 
« 925 N.W. IH 1o. 494-38oo 

San Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS~-Saturdcy May 28 1977 
Poge 1 1 -D 
C 
R E N T A L S 

Approxlmotoly 4oo sq. t1. of office spac e to loose 222 W. R H A P - 
5oD Y. 344-421«_________________ 
DŒ) 

4o4 
•494 a m m 

4o1APA8TIIEiiSf« i 

 im M G A R D fiO m O E S 
H andsom e g ard en offic es for creative minds informal, reason­ ably priced. Convenient at 1938 oHi're 
41o. Ceasing. « 26-3251. 
Henry S. M iller Co REALTORS 

 a , i B H B - a a 

• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
J UNCTION, TEXAS 
SHOWPLACE 
OVER 3 / 4 MILES SOUW LLANO RIVER FRONTAGE 

Cfy ^toi cltior stream with rapids and poo!, head waters 
7 o o springs area, fbw s constontiy . O ver 6 o o PECAN 
TREPS plus LIVE OAK G RO VE. Building sites, all electric air conditioned, executive home, 2 large bedrooms, 2V> boths, fireplace. Abounds in wilci game, turkey , deer, and so forth. Excellent pasture, metal corrals ond shed. 
1 o o -f acres with minerols 

S H O W N BY APP f THROUOH JUNS S fH 
(915) 4 4 6 -3 1 6 o 
OWNER: CURTIS W . CANNON 
TEL EGRAPH, TX 7 6 8 8 3 

/ 
R 
CANYON lAKI BIAUTY! 
Ilf To mo ratli Sho res with fuH Inke wiew 14x/5 tastefu lly furnished 
? bedro o m, 2 bo th fu lly carp eted. 
IH6 mo bile ho me o n large tree studded lo t 
Centro l heo f o ir, 
12*12 sun deck. Co o kinq islo nd with do uble o ven, Refrio ero to r p lus mo ny e*fro s Sub divisio n no s excellent p rivate p o o l, p o rk o nd bo o t lo unching to cilities 
Must see to o p p recio te A bo tgo in ut S24 .3oo! Nites 494-2191 
D A Y OR N IT I 
6 5 5 -6 8 48 mnrton soLitlnwest reaitu 

232-FMMSaiUIICa 

59o ACRES 

4 miles west o f 
MecJina. 
Fro nting 
Meciina 
L ake 
Ro o d. 
2 1 ho u ses, 1 well, p ip e p ens, fishing to nk, go o d fences, go o d hu nting o nd great | view. 
OWNER FINANCED 
.8 26 -328 1 

Laakey Area 
RcmdMis A Rlvarland 

14 MIES o n frie livo r with hightray fro ntage and p ecan bo tto m. 
SO ACRES o n Sabinal River neo r 
Vo ndetp o o l o nd lo st Mo p les 
Sto le Po rk. 
5 ACRES cm hillside with view o f frio Co nyo n o nd deeded access to p rtvo fe lake. Only $49 p er mo nth. 
9o ACRES o n Frio River, p retty vo lley lo nd wifb mo ny cho ice bu ilding sites. 
2o9 ACRES o n Cyp ress Creek with 
2 sto ry lo dge, heo vily wo o ded, excellent hunting. 
1ooo ACRES wifn go o d sp ring and creek. Nice hunters co bin. 
18oo ACRES wHh 3 miles o f wo terfro nt. leo u tifo l ho les o f wo ter o ver 2o ft. deep . 
WRICf 
MOBBRTIBS 
2 3 2 -5 2 49 ON . 
2 3 2 -5 3 o « lo x 43 6 Uwkty, TK7 U7 3 

HIDDEN SPRINGS RANCH 
BY OWNER 
22 ho o f Uvalde, 1 W . o f (o nto n, 25 u nbelievably beau tifu l o cres. I o cre o n ever-running frio , lined wifb p eco n, elm, tedo r and syto mo re trees. Also yo ung cyp ress and mo p le o n river. Smo ll o rcno rd sto rted. Re­ maining 2S acres with creek in cen­ ter, lined with centu ry o ld Nvt o o ks, 
Sp o nish o o ks, Ito ckherry, wlW p er­ simmo n, bctries and cedar. L o vely 
14 X 5o mo bile ho me with every- thino o n high bank o wrlo o king riv­ er, p u s hu nter s cabin. This p ace abo unds with deer, guo H, sgu'irrel, do ve. 4 Yrs. o f hard wo rk ho s go ne into this p kice. Must sell U8 .Mo. 
Co uld divide. 512-241-1847 

■o.7o ACRE S O U tM iA S t^ A L L O R ' 
FA RT- Located on soufhslde of 
US l i t approx. 7.25 ml. S.E. from 
Low 41o. Aero» » from Calaveras 
Lake. 8idg and 3 houtes. Good 
; butine» » tocoflon. 

W M tfP .S c m eR n M 
- 2^7 4971 
453-2254 
532 no» 

 em c K R D . 
2 odioeent 3.5 ac re Iroef» ione< 
I R 3. 534 ft. frontage on Babcock 
Rd. J ust » outh of Babcock Norf» entrance. Buy one or botti. Home» 

1 ond out buildings now on property could be c onverted to 5 aparf- menf» . Owner will c arry . For de­ toils, coll 342-4115 A N Y TIM E 

¡MRLBWIDiREAlIT 
Bondero Business Property with 
35o ft. frontage on Hwv. 173, Hos useabio building on 1>» ac res. 
Pric ed fo Sell. O wner 794-4131. 
NItes 794-457o. 

Attention Wbolesolo Lumber & 
BIdg. Reps.-Office Space $5o 
Moffett Lumber Co. 432-7881 

5 ACRE TRACTS AT 
CANYON LAKE 
Just right fo r ‘ Oo n't fence Me In fo lks! Utke to cilities, bo o t ro mp s, sto res o nd scho o ls neo rby. 
Po no ro mic views, mo ny lo rge Oak trees. Selling 3o% belo w mo rkef vo lue. Terms to suit, fo r o p - p o intment p leo se co ll 
497-3571 or 1-899-2181 Collect 

I 325 ACRE SHOWPLACE nortti ol 
' W im berloy on sec luded, poved 
I county road. t'/> mt. perm anent w ater, both sides. 2 Oam s, 11 lakes. Swons and ducks, antique replica home. Rock wall fences, huge pecan bottom. 1oo y r. oak 
' trees. Con't describe the beootv, 
I must tee tor y ourself. $ 975,ooo. 
Owner finance. 
REOING ER REALTY 
1 847-278o 
Rt. 1 Box 333, Wimberley , Texas 
2oo acres hunting country , $99.5o per acre, 2o y ear financing, with 
5% down pay ment, 7%% simple interest. Owner financed, coll tor information 734-7944 
115 ACRES- Improved near Tar- pley . D eer, tu rk ey . T erm s . 
Owner. 1-542-3272, 828-o133 

WESTERN 
RANCH BARGAINS 
64o o c., wo terfro nto ge, go me, o nly $8o,ooo, 1o% do wn, easy o wner finance. 
2,5oo to 15,ooo o c Amisfo d lake fro nfo ge, deer, quo il, Jo velino , fishing, minero ls. $15o o c., eo sy terms o r trade. Or- tfy un derp riced. 
13,ooo o c, Sanderso n Areo , fu lly imp ro ved o nd wntered ranch. Big 
Blo ck To il Deer, Jo velino , Qu o il 
Only $59 o c. fetms. 
If yo u o re interested in West 
Texas land p riced cheo p eno ugh to wo rk fo r o p p recio tio n, co ital gains, inflo tio n hedge, p ro fit, recreo tio n, o r ranching, co ll 
S tan ley C. S trib lin g 
3 6 7 3 H arv ard 
Su 
Tm «« 749o1 m. (9151 949491o w 949 SSSO 

4 2 o ACRES 
Refugio Co ., 9,MO ft. o f Missio n 
River fro nto ge, beo u fifu l trees, lo ts o f go me, no minero ls. Owner financing. $75o p er o cre. 
SO ACRES 
Neo r Kennedy, cu ltivated, fenced, wo ler well o nd so me trees, ex­ cellent weekend retreo t. $62$ p er o cre, 
25o ACRES 
Medina Co unty — So uth o f 8o n- dero . Secluded with go o d access, excellent hu nting ranch and weekend retreat. 
Privóte ro o d eo sement to Medina lake. FtexiUe terms. Co H Go ry Ro berts. 
VESTLAND 
J 5 1 2 ) 85 4 -1 o 1 5 ^ 

NEW BERLII AREA 
2 beautiful oak covered ac re* with comfortable 3-2-2 brick home with fireplace. $ 46,ooo firm . land locators ot Texas 
S.A. 647-1154, 667-1333 
New Braunfels Homes-Acreage 
Scheel B Assoc. Realty 
395 I ando. New Braunfels 
625 8o78 or S.A. 658-1477 
Owner financed with smdll down pay ment, 392 ocres combination form and ronch near Yookum , with excelienf deer hunting, river bottom lan d . 
Some im p ro vem en ts. Only $ 65o per ocre W ILLIAM S R E A LTY, Toft, 
Tex. 512-528-2o11 or 512-528-3oo9. 
— RANCH LANDS— 
Land For All Purposes 
No. 7 Flintstone, 78213 
344 9936 

R IV E R F R O N T 
W ITH B E A U TIF U L 
M E D IN A 
ACREAGE 
OAKS. 
684-4211 PION EER R E ALTY 
O W N iR SELLING 4.44 Acres 
In Medina Rivor Ranch. 
11 Block from river, reosonobte. 
)Call 924-4231, 333-4899 
'P EB B LE 
BEACH 
W ATERFRONT 
Spacious 3 bedroom-dock 
View. Price for fast sale 
49S-88HWATSON B SON1-7S1-233) 
RESORT LOT 
Cany on Loke Hill sub division in new home neighborhood. 
J M CuMinan, Realtor 
512-344-2341, 512-341 5o45 
BOB J ONES, REALTOR 

2oo ACRES in Boxar and Atasco- so Counties. 1 mile eost of US 281 south. All oak covered land. This troct is fenced and has water well, good public occe» $ . O w ner fin ­ ancing available. 
LOMA VISTA PR O P ER TIE S 
O IL L E Y , TX . 78o17 
492-2229 
499-4449 
DOUGLAS F R E E M A N 
25 ACR1e $ K E R R V ILLE " Roiling hills, huge tim b er. Sc enic wet weather creek , spring. 894-244o, 
257-7823, 894-1o18. 

BY Owner-4 6 oc 13 mi. eosf ol 
B o ern e, o i l 44. P o ved ro ad , 
'» fenced. 
$ 95oo, 
Will trade! 
1-249 8417 

11 SCENIC ACRES located 24 mi southwest with o beoufiful brick 3 bedroom, 2 both home, has double garage and a formal living area with firep lac e, lorge m asonry barn and good welt. 
HUGHES & BRISCOE 
924-4331 REALTORS 
1-663-5597 
By owner, 1o acres, 
2Va mi from 
Soguin, n ear M o to ro la, good fenc e, sheds, w ell. P lo eti Rd. 
Poved. $ 25,ooo. 922-o4o9. 
By owner, 69.^ acres south Bexar 
Counly . Hurry ! 4» « -3247._________ 
Country living, 35 mln. south of 

Scenic Valley s, Oaks, Uvalde Tx. 
2o Acres, Pric e only $ 12,99$ , $ 4oo down. Owner finonced. 1-278-76oo. 

RÏoW NERJ .1 W S 
ZONED B-1, TÎOO Blanco Rd 
____655-21o3 or 342-7o93 
C E N TR A LLY LOCATED 
8,ooo » q.ft. lot with enfronce from back or rear office. Storage buildings 
227 o227 WATSON & SON 655-8546 
CORNER borne on corner. Ideal conversion fo business, shop. Good exposure. 
MAC REAL ESTATE 828-2521 
E X C E L L E N T N O R T H C E N ­ 
TRAL LOCATION, for offices or retail space. 3ooo sq.ft. by owner. 
Call Rick Brenner. 826-o684. 
ISO F E E T BA NDERA RO 
Prime fronfoge. 7-f acres in all. 
Zoned Bl. R3. Make offer. 
341-4455 
REALTORS 
433-1859 
LA UREN R. BARN EBEY 

341oFREDERICKSRUReRD 
63oo SQ.ft. o fflc e-w areh o u s e, fronting 2 moior streets, excellent 
Lor contractor Loren Drum Co. 
824-2115. 
GOOD FRONTAGE t.j4 acres of RR with 188’ Nacog­ doches. Commercial zoning. 
MAC REAL ESTATE 828-2521 
2 houses, corner W. Sunset, off 
Bdwy . $ 8o,ooo. 341-2811, 735-7683. 

HWlfTR-MAKE OFFER 
26x5o bidg-f-lot, busy corner 
828-o465 
736-1766 
734-4117 
WATSON & SON REALTORS 
K E L L Y D R IV E -IN T H E A T E R 

Choice Office Space 18o so tt u p 
On New North Expressway near 
A irp o rt. 
R eas o n ab le ro tes . 
C overed p ark in g All c onven- iencts. Coll 344-3456 weekday s 
E X C E L L E N T N O R T H C E N 
TRAL LOCATION for offices or retail space. Up to 3ooo sQ.rt. by owner. 
Call 
Rick 
Brenner. 
826-o684 

 i ONE OF SAN ANTONIO’S 
Most luxurious smaller buildings, ideal for tea room, offices, or high ticket retail. There Is aoprox 16oo sq, tt available. Call for details. 
349-1436 Any time 

NORTNSIDEOFFIRES 
Lux u rio u s, no loose reau ired . 
Open dolly , Otttce 3-SIOO; S-S13S; 
9 $14o,- 
11-S75. 
696-833o. nites 
341 2724 
_________________ 
NS O FFIC E, Beacon Circle, d o so | to Airport. 6oo sq. ft. 344-8388, i 

FURNISHËD 
APARTMENTS 
FROM 

’ 4 
6 
. , > 
„ , 
M 
5 
2 
. 
STUDIOS, 1 AND 7 BEDROOM 

NO LEASE 
HEATED POOL 
SAUNA BATHS 
TENNIS COURTS 
RECREATION ROOM 
ADUITIIVING—NO PETS 

Monthly 

WARREN HOUSE 
3X22 N.W . Loop 4 1o at in ters e c tio n o f D ew hu rs t and access rood 4 1 o 
3 4 2 -4 o2 9 

Under New Management 
SEE 
SAN ANTONIO'S 
MOST SECURE 
APARTMENT COMPLEX 

The Quadra ligie Apts. 
911o Broiuhvay 
Phone H28-4794 

I h r i . p m (U „f, 
. t I h t u i u m o f V f H m o n f X I».» !« '. 

Offices For rent. Reasonable, util. pd. Coll 48 M 34o. 
O FFICE WAREHOUSE SPACE | 
Office 15X15, poneled, carpeted, | air cond, heated, really nice ond i virtu ally new , good pk g. few seconds fro m Loop 41o W AR i 
EHOUSE, 525 sq.ft. high ceiling, concrete floor, $21o per mo. lease 
' ovoll, flexible terms, near Med 
Complex, off Frederirfcsburg Rd 
341-5422 Tues-Sol 1o 6 tor defails m 

P R IM E IN E X P E N S IV E 
O FFIC E SPACE 
| 
Northwest San Anfonio, 4oo sq tt i 
Only $ 225 per month. 3 offices plus kitc henette. Well designed. Call 
CHARLES SC HN EIDER 696 72oo. 
125o sq.fl. offic e space on Son 
Pedro near Holly wood Park $435 mo. 14272 Son Pedro. 494-5213 
Sub Leos?, 5M Sq Ft on Wurzbac h between IH 1o and Frederlc k surg,: 
492-9523. 

2S2-SEll(mEXCIMN6E 

4o ac res, exquisite view, large oaks, beoutitut building site on paved Lou rle M oc helt, off Bul- verde ond Smithson Valley Rds. 
Day s 224-5121, eves 342 o449 

NEW HOMES IN 
NORTHWEST 
SAN ANTONIO 
COMING SOON 
Anothfir fine 
RAY ELLISON 
COMMUNITY 
6 8 1- 3 o2 o 

 ap o rtm o n ts leo sing Do ily 9 -6; Su nday 
1-6 
1 B edroom $1 5 o 
2 Bedroom $ 22o 
FURN.-UNFURN. 
All lltilitie«. 
Pnid 
Iniqe p lo ynto u iidi, 
Bnskeibnll 
Co o l, 
Shu irl* bo o id, tiqhted temin inu it 3 lo iqe iwimnmiq p o o ls 
Hem Bio uks A f B Sto le Ho ip ilal, 
Pfcnn Vnlley Go H (o mw 
T ru ly th e ho s t re n tal v alu e In to w n . 
2715 Lasses 
333-5339 

 vacant, 
828-4452. 
'4 acres, cheap 

HAVE CASH BUYERS 
O lder hom es, opts n eed i.ig repairs. J ohn B. Ec cell, B rrx er 
4o8 Gunter BIdg 224-7o31 824- ,o23 

254 REia ESTATE WANITO 

KERRVILLE,TEXAS 
Choice 17.838 Commercial acres with 5oo tt.on Hwv 27, Presenfly a 
Mobile Park with 167 spaces, 4 overnight sfotions, 5 opts ,and office m onogers gfrs. $ 35o,ooo 
$1oo,ooo cash, bat.3 y rs e“«. 
HERM AN SUBLETT, Rcoltor 
4o4 J unction Hwv 
Kervllle,Texas 
Ph.512-257-6318 

ISOMROftO 
75x197 ooved, oil utilities 
828-o645 
734-1764 
734-4117 
WATSON A SON REALTORS 
M A IN AVEN UE 
C hoic e lo c atio n on c o rn er. 2 buildings, zoned H. ideal tor on- tique, interior design business, etc . A m ple p ark in g . 824-5433 
J ONES-KING 826-2439. 

R IVE R FR O N T LOTS 
C Y P R E S S 
H O LLO W 
IN 
BANDERA CO.- Beautiful river­ front lots on the c rvstol c lear 
Sobinal River, ideal for perm an­ ent or resort home. Locoted on 
FM187, approx. 4 m i. north of 
Utopia, Texas. Colt Utopia (512) 
966-34o7 weekends; weekday s call 
Austin 345-587o. 
_______TYNES REALTY 
SFE CANYON LAKE 
From j sides of beautiful 25oo sq.ft. rock home atop prominent h II of narthsMe. Exc lusive sub­ division, c en trol h eo t-o ir, fir e­ place. amenities golorei jM CuUlnan, Realtor 
$12-344-2341 
BPB J ONES, REALTOR 
7oo' Sunrise Beach Lokefront lot, 
521 OOP Terms. 342-o739 _________ 
Unique home on Lake Betton tor sole by owner-builder. 2 bedroom, 
2 both, den, 24x37 main room, roof 
IS o 24oo sa tt. c onc rete dec k . 
H eavily wooded lo k efro n t lot. 
Beautiful ond private. $ 83,ooo. 
After 5 and weekends; 1-472-7839 
WANT COASTAL PR OPERTY 
Aransas Past or Port Aransas 
DOUGLAS ANDERSON 
8o3 oardina 
732-1342 

1o-2o-4o Ac res. M edina County . 
Hill Country . On Edwords Water. 
Adioining large ranch. Close In. 
OK for V ets . O wne 
A g en t. 
824-788o, Any time. 

W ATERFRONT M E D IN A LAKE 
Furn Weekend Cdbin-Oock 
695.88nWATSON A SON1-751-233( 

23o LOTS_ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ 

2.35 A c i^ ir n S F ltH IL L RD. 
Owner will c arry with smoll down 
734-1744 
828-o44.5 
333-1163 
WATSON A SON REALTORS 
CHOICE HOMESiTES 
Ouietlv sec luded in W oodlawn 
Hills. Build now or hold for in- veslmenl. Terms availoble. $ 34oo to $ 4ooo. Paved streets. Ail utili­ ties. Near Schools and shopping. 
N ear Bandera Rd. and B tnrus 
Or. For details coil Louis Fiores, 
732-2241. 

18o ACRES 
I Mile west ot Lake Medina, 12 Mi. south ot Bandera with road ac ­ cess to Lak e Medina. Exc ellent hunting area. $ 45o acre. Flexible terms, owner financed. 
Nites, 
$12-387-7384, 
VESTUND 
512-854-1o15 __________ 
74 liiéRES, Ym i! N É. of Hond? 
S7So per acre, 29% down. 
444 ACRES, 7 mi. S.W. of Hondo, 
$525 per ocre. Some terms. 
292 ACRES, 5 mi. south of Hondo. 
$ 75o per ocre, 29% down. 
3oo A C R E S , 1o m l. south of 
D'Honis. $ 8oo per acre, 29% down. 
153 ACRES, 5 mi. west of Hondo. 
$7oo per ocre, 29% down. 
195 ACRES, 5 m l. N.W . Ot Cos- troville. $ 7oo per acre, 29% down. 
4155 A C R E S , 12 m i. n o rth of 
Sabinol. $ 35o per acre, 2o% down. 
C LA U D ES C H U EH LE R E A LTY 
1111 17TH STREET 
HONDO, TX. 
78861 
512-424-2412 
512-424-251o 
M EM B ER TFRA________ 
74 ACRES, i mi. N E. of Hondo, 
$75o per acre, 29% down. 
444 ACRES, 7 mi. S.W. of Hondo, 
SS25 per acre. Some terms. 
292 ACRES, 5 mi. south of Hondo. 
$75o per ocre, 29% down. 
3oo A C R E S , 1o m i. south of 
O'Honis. $ 8oo por ocre, 29% down. 
153 ACRES, 5 mi. west of Hondo. 
$7oo per acre, 29% down. 
195 ACRES, 5 m i. N.W. Ot Cos- frovtlle. $7oo per ocre, 29% down. 
4155 A C R E S , 12 m i. n o rth ot 
Sabinal. $35o per ocre, 2o% down. 
CLAUDE SCHUEHLE R E A LTY nil 17TH STREET 
HONDO. TX. 
78841 
512-424-2412 
512-424-251o 
M EM B ER TFRA 

Secluded, beautiful oak covered ronc h. 115.2 A c res, $ 1,175per ac re. See to apprec iate. Spring fed loke. Exc ellent fences, well, 
San Antonio, oil bric k 3 bdrm , 2 I and windmill, d ^ r , small cottage both, cent o irh eat, c o rp etin g , s fpring Branch areo 
Owner 
24X32' born, fine for horses, op- i 484-1757 _________. . 
............ prox 2 ac res. 443-4837 oft 4:3o { i weekday s, oil dov Sat-Sun. 
' 

 i 
GOUNTIIYUVINi; 
. 
R IV E R F R O N T H O M E S IT E . 5 I 
I acres, large pecan and Cy press 
: trees, near Pipe Creek. 

8 ACRES almost level good soil, 
' lorge oak trees, lots of deer and ! 
: turkey , borders county rood. 
. 

I 5o ACRES obout 2o acres in field, 
I good ric h soli, balanc e wooded pasture land with oak trees. 

KRUGER ALTY 495-8989 

SEGUINIiREI! 
HOUSE, 12 ACRES 
M o d ern 3-2 b ric k , firep lac e, buMt-in oven, dishw asher and range. Sandy soil, deep well. Ad­ ditional acreage uvailobie. Cali: 

WENOELLSURLES 
$12-837-36oo 
512-345 8355 
M .D E Y E R L E Y AND ASSOC. 

N E E D SPACE TO EXPA ND? 
Ac reage oft Probondt andlH-1o 
Zoning to meet buy ers needs 
Owner c arry , 6oc per sg. tt. 
736 1766 
828-o665 
333-1163 
WATSON & SON REALTORS 
NORTH OUT US 281 
6 acres with over 6oo ft highway fro n tag e. H eavy lak e tro tfic , priced to sell. 
J IM 
H A RD IN 
REALTOR, 
497-353o 

W ANTiD 
$o-1oo acres with 1o miles o f 
Zuehl (H 1o1 area. Bu st be very iso lated, ho ve all weo lhtr to ad fro nlage o nd very go o d wo ler. 
Bro kers Welco me 

 t m r M 
U j m m m m 
7334 MANCO 
ROAD 
SUITI 1oo 
SAN ANTONIO, 
TlXAS 78216 
342 7I3I-.342-MM5 
II 
IA *’o1^ 

Wont to buy low equity in NE or 
SE home, would like on ac re or more. 494-3751. 

MOBILE HOMES RENT 

FOR RE NT; Neor Lockiond 25o2 
Observofion 6o‘X I2', 2-bedrooms 
$17o. month. B illi paid. $ 5o depo- sit. No pets. 674-7518 for gppt 
Forn-unturn. Mobile homes, lots, 
Kelly -Lockland 344-3147 69o-8526 

PACKAGE IN V E S TM E N T 
Dance hall, bar, gas sfotion, 2 rent houses, choice 9 ac res, edge of 
San Antonio. J E R R Y BACON 
REALTORS 
1-742-3283, 
S.A. 
622-3323. 
Repossessed 1o'x12' portable ot- tice. Terms. Free del. 732-5171 
SALE OR LEASE 
64oo sq. ft, Air cond. Approx 2 ocres near N.E. Stadium. Club lodge-controcfor, 826-9268 

D’Haiiisllnia 
226 Acre Ranch, A Hunter's P a­ radise! 5495 per acre. Good terms 
WestolCotalla 
1,ooo Acres. Deer Hunter's Pa- 

SHOWOASE HORSES 
78 ac res in G uadalupe County with poved frontage on 3 sides including IH1o. Soil is rock free and table top flat. 

 laadlDcatoi’siitTeaas 
S.A. 667-1154, 667-1333 
Smithsons Valley area, modern 4 y r old, approx. 25oo sq.ft. 3 be- 
' rodise. Oeer blinds, 3 dirt tanks. < droom 2' » baths, Swiss Chalet 
H u n ter's Lod ge. A real Cow 
Ranch! $39o per ocre. Terms. 
Other South Texos Ranches Prom 
1,ooo to 2o,ooo A c res . E .J . 
"H ap p y " Schpwe R eal Estate, 
Uvalde, Tx. $ 12-278-697o 

 home, completely carpeted, cen trol air-heot, 5 and two-tenth acre, well, interc om , butane. $ 9S,oOo 
Q ualified buy er only . T ro d e in considered. 494-7184. 

EDWARDS RANCH REALTY 
Buy y our land from the natives 
PIPE CR EEK, TX . 695-848o 

 mm Hill ESTATES 
,. - 
- 
- 
Beouliful % ocre building site on 
ÎT *"*' « .« J i f? » / 
Uvolde. By 
Dorothy Louise. Close to Medicoi 
Center. 684-3875 any time. 
OAK H IL L i, overlook ing c ity , terms. $ 25,ooo 341-2811 735-7683 
Oak Village North, i acre, heou- tifu l oaks. Reosonable. 674-1516. 
Two Tree Covered Lott, Off Son 
Pedro, Across from Holly wood 
P ar k ^ o c h 8o % W ^ ^ 

232 -ElWMSANBRiiNGHES 
ASIACRETfMCT 
Leok ey area H eavily wooded, good hunting. $2oo Down, Owner financed. Coll EM O R Y J ONES. 
734 4627, « 28-6244._______________ 
167 ACRE Hill Country Ranch. 
Close lo 
W im b erley . 
Id eo l property for residents, develop­ ment or Investment Rtatonoble terms. Owner finonced. Ewing R. 
H illB rok er. 
S12-847-983o or 
I-847-236I 
42 acre live oak hills. J oint huge ranch, deer-lurkey . $ 395 per ocre. 
Liberal lerm t. t-896-244o 
161 6 A C R E i, A L L OB P A t t - 
Located in the w estern p art ot 
C om al Co. on « p aved rood. 
Beoutltul rolling terrain covered with many ook trees. Approx. 2o mi. from PM Loop 14o4. 
Walter P. S M I RBilM 
333-4971 
653-2254 
532-7164 

: 
1U ACRES SIS. MU 
'W est Tx . ranc h land in pretty valley n eo r tow n. No dow n. 
Owner. 824-88o7. 
______________ i?'2 ACRES near Blanco. $ 79^5, liberal terms by owner. 534-8876. 
5 Acres near Garner Park . $ 325 down pay m ent, $ 5o.49 per mo. 
• Good soil, big oaks, near Hwy . 
I Owner will finance. Por more in- 
, formotlon, coll 734-7964 i;76o ACRES of i'/j mi. Frio River 

Owner. 1-278-5466 

FAMILY FARM 
Guadalupe County , 2 large tonkt, 
2 wells, older remodeled home, coastal, orchord. Between Lover- nia and Seguin. 575,ooo firm. laMllocatapssfTinas 
S.A. 667 n 54. 667-1333 
FRIÓ COUNTY east of Moore, 48o o c re highly im p ro ved fo rm . 
Three 2ooo GPM wellt, cheap no- tural gas for operation Grow an- i y thing. Executive rights ond min- 
. ero ls not leosed. Lots of d e­ preciation when y ou hove a tax problem. 
HUGHES A BRISCOE 
924-4331 REALTORS 
1-663-5597 

SoMliweststSeguIn too Acres Guodalupe Co. Holt no- tive pasture. $ 65o per acres. Also adioining 55 acres gently rolling land with good w ell, about 15 foi?e* 
; 238 • COMMERCIAL PRoPER1Y 
LEASE 

SUPER RETAIL 
LOCATION 
Lots ol P eo p le, 1o5o squ. ft availoble now ot SW c orner of 
J ackson-Kelier and Blacnco. Call 
653-8811 

L am p lig h ter P ark , fu rn . 3 b e­ drooms, t'-iboth, air, pool. $ 16o. 
826-7913. 
NEAR K E L L Y ANO l AÓKLAND 
1 BEDROOM, 1 BATH, $ 1o5 
2 BEDROOM. 1 BATH, $ I2S-$ 135 
$ 65 
D E P O S IT , 
W A T E R 
FU R N IS H E D 432-o525 
N E A R L A C K L A N D , K E L L Y 
: SCHOOLS: Large 2 bmdr Mobile 
Hom e. F u rn ., o ir, trees , nic e 
! lawn. Cy clone fence, 5ox8o lot 
SISO mo., $ 5o sec urity deposit. 
Avoiloble immedlotely , 673-ooo2 
SE, near Brooks A .F .8. turn 2 bedrooms, central oir, adults. 
826-8766. 

Furn. opt. $ 4o. 'I)ep^ 12$. remofleled, 3 roomt, 648-o2o6 
Furn. Bocheior Apf. M eat,"oir, c o rp et- pool 
$ 12o. B ills pd 
824-7814 or « 28-9o9o olt 6 PM 
2 'F o rn ith ti" Apt» .'"i95. ond $ 85. mo, w ater pd. 1 Duplex unfur­ nished 512o. water pd. 1733 p q - sodena Coll 732-8o1.1 or 2126 w 
Qlmot. 
$ 9i.SS‘ F u rn ls liy 'f Atdroom Apr 
Air, 2 BIks Kelly . Call Any Day Or 
Night. 7 p.m. -1o p m 922 o634 
$113 l^urnltheA 1 Bedrooin Apis, 
Air, Coll Any Day or Eves 7 1o 
A .M .-9 P.M. 113-1851. 
Furntshed efficiency apartm ent. 
Close to SAC, oil utilities paid, $11o per mo. plus deposit Call 826-1864 evenings. 
FU R N U N F U R N 
U titilie's p i shag , 2 pools, $185 UP. Painters 
Mill 52oo Blonco. 149-2222_________j 
Garage oaf' H'j'ffjf'J o e i Monte' 
Emploved odult. Bills pd. 82» 5492 
INCREDIBUI 
S P A C IO US RO OMS ON F A IR ­ 
W AYS O F P E C A N V A L L E Y 
OOLF 
COURSE. 
Pool, 
Club included. 
1 BEDROOM, PROM $184. 
2 BEDROOM, FROM $ 224. 
3 BEDROOM, FR O M $239. 
PECAN VALLEY APTS 
> 
345o E. SOUTHCROSS 
___________333 9o2o ____________ 
: J oin our c om m unity w h ere oil 
' ages share the good life. Relox in 
• the pool or loin y our friends in the 
' Clubhouse. V en tu re o ver to nearby Centrol Pork or Wonder­ land. The Boardwalk offers 2 ond 
3 bedroom oportments from $ 245. 
5% discount to persons 55 y ears or older. 
3536 west Avenue 349-42o3 
Borry Gilllngwoter Co. 
Lorge 2 bdrm opt In 4-plex. Alamo 
Hts ott Broadwoy . 828 68o4 
Large 2 bdrm. i i l w E Y. adults. 

6 5 3 - 7 3 o o 

Park Village Is For Lovers! n YOU LOVlt; 
S|):icioiis garden aparttiieiits • E’rivate putHif« 
Nnrlli I a.Nl scluMils • I’nols ^ Parly rotmis 
Paid utilities 
• 
E iiriiisiied or Unturiiislied 

IH I N E»ARK VILLALit IS Í OR YOU’ 
I Bedrooin from SI park village apartments 

4H3Ü Ray lion Drive • 653.73oo 

THLIYHO 
MOBILE HOME iO. 
35o3 NORTH PAN AM 
223-3218 
M ON.-FRI. 9 6 

QUAIL CREEK VILLAGE 

 n s o 
U 
P 

2 5 2 6 NE L O O P 4 1 o 

Exit at Starcre&t 
655-3921 

THE KINGSTON APTS. 
22o2 VANCE J ACKSON 
342 9113, 826-1594 
The Vteslciiesler Apts are Is rnin utes from Randolph 1 
2o2 W. C o u rtlan d , c lean i be d reom , n ear bus. L ig h ts and w ater pd. $ 135. D tp . required. 
Call for appointment, 221-4o43 
1*» i ÓAiii FIN D IT 
YO UR ap artm en t F R E E . Any site, sty le. hKOtlon. Owner pay s tee 
THE GOLDEN KEY 
Apartment Locoters MAST39 
WestcSester" Äpl» "'ore'IÜM What y au’re loektng ten 
___________ 

 iN Y S E in i FOR LESS or over pay 
W ILSHIRE APTS. 
Block ot Ft. Sam North Gate 
________« 26-9159, « 26-1594 ________ 
418 W Lvnwoofi nice large "studio opt, Trinity SAC, $ 11o 733-o864 

4o4-APARTMENTS HNFURN 

12X48 2 bdrm- clean, fenced, NE near Loop 41o. $ 14o mo. 656-1818. 

$155. 732-7782, 732-1o82 

4o1-APARTMENTS FURN 

S.W. MILITARY DR. 
14 Acres « Irotegically located of 
Intersection of S.W. M ilitary Or. ond M ed in a Bose Rd. n ear 
Security Service Heodquorters entrance to Lackland AFB Zoned 
B-3. Owner will corry . For details, coll 342-4115 A N Y TIM E 
MORLeWIIDE REALTY 
We hove c om m ercial properties 
In n o rth w es t S.A. n ear the 
Medical Center, St. M ary 's U, and 
St. J ohns Boscol School at 36 and in south S.A. near Lutren General 
H ospital. For in fo rm atio n and viewing call K E L L E Y REALTY 
433 6645. 

A D U L T S O F F B R O A D W A Y : 
Redecorated, 2 bedroom opl. $ 17o plus obout $25 Utilities. 828 1122. 
Bonk. 226-8492 
Adults only , southside apt. 512o 
532 7686 654 6oo3 ________________ 
ADULTS SOOTHSIDE 
6 Locations convenient to Down­ town, M eCreless, Brooks af b 
E ffic ienc ies. 1 ond 2 Bedroom. 
From $ 125 mo. $ 33-948o, 533-o511, 
533-13oo 

LBVISSTAPTS. 
1-Bedroom, turn, c arpeted, air, utilities pd. $135. No children, no pelt. Walking diti, to Baptist, Me- tro p o litan H os., L u b vs, M ain 

•UNDA APTS.* 
Sove gas mites) Near town con­ venience. Efflctences. 1 ond 2 be­ drooms availoble. I Block M ain 
Bank, Lubvs. Expway . Hospitals. 
226-1492. 
LIVE B i T V i i FOR L E Ì I i 

ALL BILLS PAXD. Furnished 2-2 apt., separate living, dining and kitchen. 12o1 W Woodlawn $ 199 
CENTURY 21 Ray Teal Realtors | 
341-2222 Any time. 
1 Apt. Lett, targe t bedroom, all bills pd $195. 824-2491 
APTS. FURNISHED 

GROUND LE V E L D U P LE X E S 
FURN. OR U N FU RN 
EX C E LLEN T M AIN TE N A NC E 
HIGHLAND HILLS APTS 
E. SOUTHCRo5S 
534-88o8 
M A N SIO N BLANCA 

7o acres on 17 East. 2 bedroom, i bath, all utilities. 2 welts coastal with many oaks. Coll 
924-4288TOM GARRISON534-2679 
2 J 9 Acres, On LoCoste Rd. $ 4,ooé. 
Woter Availoble, 674-2876. 
_______ 
464 ACRÉS: Scenic ranch, excel- 
' lent grass and hunting. Will sell all in '' »■ ttio Medina oreo. 534-6711 
3.4 ACRES south Bexar County , beautiful brick home, fenced, or­ chard, greenhouse, ook trees. 
Som Compbell BROKER 656-7667 
1o ACRES-West Of 16o4. Excellent soil. 1$ y r. owner finonce. Call 
349-2611, eve. 341-1855 
, 12o Acres with approx. 3.ooo ft frontage on Medina River. 1o Ml. 
I south ot 41o. Terms. 924-8116 
1 
HYATT REAL ESTATE 
Antique house, 2 wtlis, 2 creeks, 
4o miles north, 563 acres, terms. 
Ranch Market (512) 824-o156. 

2oHACtfS-3BoRMS 
Woodburning tireplac t, big trees 
828-o665 
736-1766 
648-o873 
WATSON a SON REALTORS 
2o A ô f t É i - é i r o T j r o T f 'i ë i s to m il*! south of Loop 41o easy terms, low down 
227 o227 WATSON A SON 628-1262 

1oo oc rei, blutt creek ranch, good h u n tin g , big d eer, old indlon hunting mecca, call for inlormo- tion. 734-9363 ____________ 
6 ACRES. Fireplace, 4 bcdrgoni't, repairs needed. Priced to move. 
Pleose hurry I SAM WORD, Reoi- tor, 1-663-2621, Devine, Texas 
216 A C R t i ffooJ tfgc k farm , 3 tanks, irrltb tlM pump and equip­ ment, 2 houses, only 41 m liet from 
San Antonio, SotiM m inerali with production. For details call R. N. 
Brunnemonn Real Estate. (S it) 
278-654I. (51tl 278-9265 __________ 

BANDERA RANCH 
Gome preserve fence enclosing lovelv, pork-llke land, large oaks, 
' ■ 
' 
IW o 
31o 

691-13oo 

 good grosses, 2 tanks. II acres ot 51,1oo per ac re 
REALTOR 
Century 21 
ELA INE LUDW IG A ASSOC. 

I BMUDERA RD FRiTBDE 
, Over 1ooo tt. 65 Ac res close to 
' Hctotes, water wellt-tencitd. $2ooo 
' per oc re with exc ellent term s 
344-3471 341-19o1 
BOB BRENNER REALTORS 
I BEAUTIF'-'L 3 bedroom, 2 both, 
. large living oreo with lireplac e, double c arport and large work- 
I shop, paved rood and good welt on 
2.5 acres, price reduced. Owner 

FR O N + IE R R A N C I4 ; Is ac re tracts. Excellent hunting. Rolling terrain. Easy reoch of San An­ tonio. 535o per acre. Small down pay m ent. M onthly pay m en ts . 
Owner financed, 8Vj% interest. 
512-882-5oo1 
3 o 6 6 6 FISHING TAt8KS, auaii, i dove and deer on 1oo acres, also has stobtes, pens and a hunting cabin, lots of c oastal and good fences. Buy the eguitv and as- t sume the toon. 
HUGHES A BRISCOE 
924-4331 
REALTORS 
675-o696 
GUADALUPE R IV E II ESTATE! 
Only one lik e this! 186 Ac res, fields, pecan bottom, river front, house, barns, pens, ponds, wells and Higbwav 9oA frontage. Call us. 
W RIGHT R EA LTY 
757 N. 123 By pass 
I 
Seguin, Texos 7815$ 
I 379 9271 
379-3717 
379-1793 

Hill countrv K errville area. 25o acres. Porllv game proof fenced. 
Would m ak e ex c ellen t ex o tic game ranch. Will stock and mon- 
1 age tor y ou. Excellent white toil 
I deer hunting. $ 175.ooo. Will tin- once. 1 866 3471 

 h IT l c o unt r y n e ar 
KFPBVIL 1 P i 4 bedroom. 2 bath, lodge, tennis c o u rt. On 2$ ac res or m o re. 
$1oo,ooo. 
_ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ 
Aom?i'$ Tory i''$ ’Keir« tom, 
Plac es on 
96 w o ed td ac , povem enl, $ 75o on oc. Also 28 wooded ac , d eer, 
</i m ile pavement. M5o ac. Neor Woeider, 
Tx. 
HH RLTY, 512-596-458o 
'$ si^ down 

344-2341 
BOB J ONES. REALTORS 
MSBIUP 

S m FARM AND RANCH r e al E S T A T E , 
T h ere are numerous ronches of 64o acres or larger in LA SALLE ANO WEBB 
COUNTY that we think are good investments. For specific intor- motion, coll or write 
CEE R. PETERS 
I 879-2759 
P.O. BOX 563, Cotullo, Tx. 78o14 

SI 5o. 
RA and EV 

B eoutltul and lorge townhouses, modest price, bills pd. d o s t to 
41o. 
341 8372. ________________________ 
METRO HOUSE DOWNTOWN 
MODERN E F P IC IE N C Y -FU R N . 
$12o. lo $135. 213 4TH ST. 226-7333 

 l|8eleao r 
We^n find y o u r s , f r e e . 

OPW 7 oAT8 A WMK 
OfWOW HMOUGHOU1 n X A t 

3131 N.W . tO O F 41o 
3 4 9-173 7 

D IM C I OORBMPONOWOI TO 
4121 N. C W n iA l ÍXPWT 
DAU.A5, TEX. 752IM 

FAMILY APARTMENT 
HOMES 

School bus service. Recreolionol 
Director. Recreation oreos for all ages. Woslier dryer connections. 
Seporote odult section. Otiily gotboge pickup 

COHCOBBSOÜABE 

53oo Northwest loop 41o-ot fvefs M 
6 8 4 - 5 8 3 o 

GREENBRIER APTS. 
8535 GREENBRIER 
(Ju st o ff IriMdway and No rth i« « p 41o) 

(Oese to Crown Toemr Bld|.) 

• Adults Only 
• Home like atmosphera 
• 2 Bu rjro o m, 2 bcith 
• 2 Bu dio o m, I bath 

• larg e spacious rooms 
• Covered porking 
• Pool • Party room 
• Loiindry • Bus line 
• Ail uliiiiies paid 
838-4 2o o 

TAKE DVEH4D ACRES 
West Tx. ran c h land in p retty valley , near town. No dn. $ 39 mo. 
Owner, 834-88o7. 

NOW LEASING 
NORTHSIDE OFFICES. 
WAREHOUSE 
ANO INDUSTRIAL SPACE. 
PRIME LOCATIONS 
CALL STEVE MILLER 
6 9o -o 3 o o 

 t.KEVT .\MEKlt \ 
(itV lPA M ES 

 b an d er a and EVERS RD 
HIDDEN MEADOW 
5959 WURZBACH 
684-33TT 
APTS. FURNISHED 
$145. 
R ITT IM A N RO. AT IH35 
THE FAIRDALE 
66oo FAIRDALE 
656»1oo1______ 

TO BUY or SELL CALL 
69o-8S63 
LYNDON BROWN A ASSOCS 
UPPER SABINAL CANYON 
2$ ac. Sabinal River farm bouse 
J .K LE IG H TO N , REALTORS 
Vanderpool, 78885 
512-966-34oo 
Wont to leose som# 25o • 5oo ocres for ouall, deer and grazing. Brush land c o u n try . 
C all c o llec t 
713-733-7429 Office no. 

A V A IL A B L E ; 1,ooo-5,ooo sq.ft. 
Retail or Office space. NE area. 
One of highest traffic counts in town! Call M ilton J r., 934-4452 
(Brokers welcome). i=or leose7 MOO sq H. warehouse, with 5oo sq.H of office space, IH35 and Lonark, across from Windsor 
Pork Moll, I2c per sq.tt. 341-3378. 
18oo ft. c arpeted offices, small warehouse. 
ISO 
W. 
Rhapsody . 
349-6241 

WE CAN SELL YOUR 
RANCH-FARM OR HOMIE 
IN THE H IL L COUNTRY 
HOUSTON RANCH R E A LTY 
Boerne, Tx 78oo6 
249 2116 or 249-3314 _____________ 
What ty pe Ranch do y ou woni? 
RANCH M A R K ET 226-5184 
Rt. 3 Box 221, Son Antonio, 78218 

WILSON CDDNTY 
Approx. 2o acres of fertile, sandy loom Otd house, 2 hond-dug wells, creek, poved rood frontage. 
J oe 
M. 
Cutlinon, 
Realtor, 
512-344-2341 
BOB J ONES. REALTORS 

KEY GROUP 

FU R N ISH ED U N FU R N IS H E D 

 s va? H !îJ » î£ 

•AUSTIN HW Y E F F IC IE N C IE S * 
Bis pd $ 22-37wk 824-19o8 655 2537 
Austin Hwy - IH35 N $ 7o-$ 8$ , 1 bedroom c ollages; turn or un- turn. Quiet, clean, porktlke area 
Bills part Pd. No children, no pets 
826-4o51 

LOOP 41o AT BANDERA i/VAHEHOUSES-OFFICES-STOKE' 
3743 COLONY OR AT IH-1o 
•H 35 NORTH AT W EIO N ER RO 
FR E IL IN G 341-3159 342 7134 

N A C O G D O C H E S 
IN D . 
P A R K 
1o927 IOTA 
Now leasing ottlce-66o sq tt, « nd warehouse-3148 sq tt, $ 58o per mo 
Call 653-6211 from 8 to 5, Mofi thru 

Main Street, fenced and covered y ard areo, c om petitive renfoi. 
Coll 341 7255. 

2ÍEDRDDMS155 
Alt bills paid 3o2 W Huisache. 1 block o« San Pedro Close to bus 
Brenner Co. 344-3471 _____________ 
1 Bedroom 'optB iiis pd 
1137 W 
Ashby . 
$ 95.-$ l2o. mo 
927 3o11, 
655-143o________________________ 
2 Bedroom opt near N 
M am . 
Cleon, quiel. $125 822-18oo. 
I bedroom furnished oportmenf, no children or pets 733-8863 

21 h u n fin a ac res , pay m w t, s ii .o7 per ma. in large 
I ranc h near larg e ranc h never i hunted. Owner wlH finance, call ta inspect 736-7964 
, IP 1 ^ 'ew n praBerty ' an y 'x ^ 
: 
( w here y ou c an 't aftard to tell 
I because ef copitol gain tax. but 
I y ou would like le exchange tor 
I semelhing Hse 
................. 
! 
Perhaps we can help y ou, 
' 
DSVA ULT A ASSOC. 349-2677 
1 
P*'9P« Tfy Merkettng-Exchgng# 

' J IM HOGG CO. 135 oc, 16 mi. SW 
HebbronvMle. Bursh, game. $295. 
I per oc. 1-853-44o4. 

 i 
KERNES CO. RANCH 
I 173 Acres 3' ml. SE ot Nixon oM 
I Route 8o. too y r. eld rgnch house, 
■ w indm iil ond w o ler well, elee- 
924-4331 REALTORS 
1-663-5597 
Iricity . quail, deer, turkey , stream 
! W ith fish. M ineral right negotia hie, financing avail. $1o1,8oo 
MONTE VISTA REALTY 
735-o485 REALTORS-MLS822-oo75 

DFFICEWAREHOUSE 
Northslde, 2 ml. north Loop 41o, oft Son Pedro, near oirpert. Units with ItM ; 1257; 1348 sq. tt. 
Astro Investments Co. 
344-8388 

W IM B E R L E Y -N tw mountginfop sh o w ploc e, on 4 ac res , w ith breolhiaking view. Many extras. 
Perfect tor entertaining. $ 64,9oo. 
Doubletree 
Realty . 
« 47-9733, 
Wimberley 

Small retail store, 1812 Blonco Rd. 
$9o. 344-o246, 342-oo83. ___________ 

Norlbeoit SA. Priced dt I4c sq. tt net M IC H A E L C 
J O H N S O N , 
Real Estolc, 826-56o8. 

 sm all lak e, barns, shed, near : 
Somerset Rd. 927-6o37, 623 1611. 
' 
6815 Broadway , oir conditioned, I bedroom apt. $1o5. 826-7913. 
Close Loop 41o. Elegont living, : modest price. 1 and 2 bedroom s,! bills pd. Purn-Unfurn 341-8372 
C onvenient T rin ity , northside, I lorge 1 bedroom, $85. mo water pd bus at door, 734-o7o8. 696-263o 

$ 13D.Mo.FURN. 
! 
NEW 1 Bedroom etficiences Pool. ; 
538 Hotwells near MeCreless and > 
Brooks. 533-o511,_________ 
M O T ^ L effic ienc y ap artm eiils ¡ and room s. By d ay , w eek o r I m onth. 
o12-9112, 
P E 4 6767, 
LE2-o152, CA7-47o2, N eo r Ft 
Som. TA2-I377. 
Near Ft. Som ix p w o v. Air. Water pd. $7o. 684-41o4 
S ear F f.'sam ,'id rg # 1 bedroom opt, $125 mo. 6oo E. 
Carton, 
681-1o19. 
H e* l T f ~ S A f 5 r ~ ~ ~ * ' 
Nic e I bedroom tu rn opt. A ir, 
Odults, WBNr pd. « 1o8. « 24-8369. 
N ear Ft. iam , nice c leon i be- droom, elr, neor bus, 81M. W ater 
Pd. ston Peete, 695-3721, 494-S221. 
Ñ I M ^ i r t f l W g T S C K O i t f D 
I BEDROOM E F F IC IE N C Y 
BILLS PD >6« DEPO SIT 
$135 MO OR 815 W EEK. 432-8525 
— fi^ 'u ri 'fi - i i w i g i i — 
' 
Near Pt. Sam and downtown. Bf- fic Apts. Bills Paid, $89 per mo. 
22747o2.1954 1 Houston. ________ 
Sortb Central Lec olian, É im ira and McCullough and IHIS. Near 
B apiltl Hos., SAC- Newly decor- oted Near bus, adults only . No pets I bedroom. Water pil. $14o. with dep. 6 Mo. Lease. 226-51o1 otter 6 ond wtexends. 696-o73o. 

NORHfEAST NO LEASE 
A ttro c tive l-b td ro o m , dishwother, shag. pool. Bills pd 
$165 and up $25. Oep. 1o Mm. Ft. 
Som 
321o E IS E N H A U E R oM 
Murry Wuriboch. 822-9195 
, MWy '‘» m oii "efflc iolic y '"'qp't, 1 
I wemon. non-smoker, close to bus, retery c e*. 732-3224. 
One é edré é m Apt. wllh d ep o rt plus electrlcty 1o8 o month 426 E. 
Romsy Rd. 341-1149 

 iniitiiijm i ^ Go Around 

 withDs at the 
Carousel 

A p i s , 
N«wly R*d«<Ofat«id 
1 Bedrooin $ 16o. 
2 Bedrooin $ 19o» 
7134 Blanco 
344>4332 or 
828-7393 

BELKNAt» 
A R M S 
3o7 W. MISTIITOI 
7 35 -4 891 

1 BtDROOW . . . . . $ 215 

2 BfDROOM 

Townhouses 
$ 3o5 Up 

Ufihtioi 
Paid. 
All on- 
(urnishoel 
Pool loundry . 
Carports. 
Convenient to downtown. 
Trimly and 

SAC. 

AVAILABLE 
Choice 
Selection 

Beautiful 

Apartments 
LA 
ARBOLEDA 

2167 NE LOOP 41o 

Exit at Storerest 
655-9 1o1 

The 

C o L f f ty o r d i 

2 & 3 B o d r m . 
Apts. 
All flee; rie Kitchens. 

Ouii’de Storage N 
Sihoulv 

4411 Gordendole 
696-4892 

 let US find yours— 
24 Hr. 
’OWNHOOSI SPANIMfNT 
LOCATORS 
82 8- O O t ! fp ft —No charge to yo u 
Thm Profattignali in apt 

A p Q /lt iÑ iU ( l& l- 

U iiitM ttê â , 

FRONT DOOR 
BUS SERVICE 
2-BIDROOM, $21o. 

 rooi, umifiES ro ciost to 
CHOPPING CtNItU AND FOiT o m ti 
THE 
HABITAT 
3 t1 S W IS T A V I. 
3 44-772o 

ON 
TRI 

Warehouse, opproirim alelv 3856 sq ft., lower tioor ot 14o Freder­ ic k s b u rg Rd 
5275. 344 o246. 
342-oo84. 

 anxious Country living at its best. 
HUGHES A BRISCOE 

BDERNEAREA 

W IM B SRLY-FISCHER'S STORE 
32o 
A c re d eer p as tu re on po vem en l ond B lonc o R iver. 
House, barn, tank s, over 3.ooo pec ans shod# solid B erm u d a 
Spring ereok bottom. Owner tin- onced o. Tuck 512-257 7791, 1o18 
J ockson Rd Kerry ilte, Tx_______ 
W IM B E R LY RANCH 
39o AC., 18 mi. County rood iron too# New 2 bedroom Cedar Log ond Stonr home with fireplace, air ond heal Hunters cabin, born, 
'i wells- approx 2 mi small creek 
Huge Ooks ond Cedors. O eei, 
Dove, Quuil, Turk ey . Ideot Sub division. E x c ellen t term s with .» n? w f c t av f releases 
B ro k er 
658-8444, 
1-379J S82, I -833-4518. . 

ON A WANT AD m i NUMBER to CAU 
15 225-16oo 
IXPB155 ANO NfWS 

239 A C R E S , S is terd o le area, creek, gome. 
49 ACRES, old rack home, deer and turkey 
15 ACRES, weli. cao sto l bermudn, ond stables. 
EOIKRGELEDO. 
REALTOR 
BOERNE, TEXAS 
S.A 124-9112 
Baerne 249-3526 

WAREHODSE SPACE 
8.ooo sq. ft new mosonry building tor sole, near expresswoy , eosy terms lor strong buy er. 
4.ooo sg I I , Mosonry butidina lor leose, month lo month or long term, 
4,5oo sq II. tor lease. 
PEACOCK, REALTORS. 824 o511 
165o sqtt $35o monthly , 45oo WEST A VE, 92oo sq.tt., $18oo monthly . 344-1347 

146 E. AGARITA, ilvfg room, be­ droom, kitchen and both. Air con dittoned, $115. 733 871o 
8 25 E C o rso n . $ 1$ . B ilT i pd 
Deposit poy tator. 227-4$ 84 i'lO ‘e ¿'rolg. Larg e c tfic ienc y . 
Woter-aos pd $1oo. 822 9511 
E d en Roc A p artm en ts , 2 be droom, 1 both, bills pd.. furnished or unfurnished, cent { c hild ren or 
Keller 828-4eU___________________ 
•713 E. Euclid* 
Nice lurnished apartm ent, neor town, 2 busts 

Ì À N K 5 f 
BE A UTIFUL 
SAN ANTONIO R IVE R ................ 
MORRIS DOWN TOWN APTS 
A PRESTIGE ADDRESS 
ONLY A FEW E F F IC . L E F T 
128 C MolR Plozo 227-288« 
— w m m m m m m r ^ 
.5682 B IE N V ILLE DR. oH WeidtNir rd. Modern I Bedroom, 653-2663. 
3 room furnished a» 1, bills paid. ne c h ild ren o r p ets , 251 
Trgvls. 223-4798. 
R<5dLiÀAlf E ne6C|ÍB8''ié' "shdrt o p qrfmint. 344-1516. 
6 Rooms" n to r bus, SÁ é . 

1 Bodreqm. . . 
2 Bedraem... 

 m PMTWin e • I 

$12$ 

$14$ 

S IM 

Air CnntRttened—AH KEt 
U9M VllioQtt 
3 13 8 1. ComniErct 
2274o91 
3 3 7-7548 of»*r 5 m 

 dren, pets , notease. 735-584« 
ThTT 

 m m m m m m w m : 

 m 

 m 

 m 

WAKfflfLOSTAROUST 

APARTMENTS 

 ideally totaled on busline 
I. 7, ond 3 bedroerm SJgO lo 
S3 So On 8 *(ioi ottoii Jrom Nofth Stoi Mull, 

15o6 WAKiHilD 
M4-455t 

1, 2 , ond 3 b ed ro o m 

A pts 
Furnished or 

U nfurnish ed . 

11721 Porliomtnt 
LÄ* 
349-3149 

Mogr 313^4851 
' ’ 
' W - f R lW lt V Á á E A---------- 
I Bedroom, wotor and gas pd. 
Large screen porch $ 125 Cute efficiency $88. water pd. 342-7S92 

Yeur own home of cen- mo. No 
922 2173, 673 5154, 
Credit? OK 
675-9294 
Pot Mcvey Reol A stole 

 a AÄÄÄX iTwrne ^ y our' own con 

MOTHER EARTH ty pe fond. Hill Country ocreaae. 
Those with imoglnotion, strength and the couroae to live life will find peace. As low os $15oo acre. 
HBG REAL EJ iTA TE, 497-3591 

15 225-1ooo 
(x e*t$ 5 ANO NEW5 

Z3 4-FKRMSFoÍIREHT 

West Tx 36o Acres, SS.per at y r. 
F o rm in g , g r o iln a, u lilities . 
927-6o17 or » Rer 5; 623 1411 

IHt ACTION NUMBte toe »AST B15UII5 
PIACI TOUe WANT AD 
IN THI tXPRtSS NiWS 
CAU 225 1o6o 

914 W TR AVIS: Close lo down town, zoned 1-1; 
1822 W. OLMOS BIdg. fenced lot. 
Zoned B3. 69o-oo86 
242-iNOUSTfiiAl PROPERTY fGRSAU 

IN D USTR I A L 'l o t s 
À èrro n tl up, Zoned 1-1 ; fully developed 
V.I.P Park . Eosy terms. 43) 1489 

 m m m m m m m m 

 t bedroom opt, reety ted, arecia« » ceionlet home. Wall ef window» , hufto trees le haieeny , 
THE GOLDEN KEY 
AperTmenl Locator» 128-5739 
"'BZ T O in P ig f iiif i.. 
M atu re adult» only , 2 bdrm , 2 both, all bill» pd. 11II Babcock 
349 8645, gWer 6 341-8815. 
'j 'l i r*'™ '*'*"'**'*""* 
I 
................... tma. wui« » ea. lih i. n . tiiui h E A U T irU L Tree House Api» .'in 
EHIcience» , oir, bos. shops $ 3o 
« « rden Complex, neai brac k en wk $125 rno up Bills od Section 
^AC, T R IN IT Y A R E A . S o r e^ 
? 
'''<» « # Pk T rinity U ond Down 
8 5)4 34o1. 434 9645 j S L sVi * ro irtlo tS 
Í t v xzx...» » AHwt.m. 
» *« « ' Ulundry 
J u m L M H ^ ^ 
J A j RE ALTY 474-188) .Any jijfrie 
Modern end c om torloble Mon 
■ .eO B evM aea 
■ ak w w h 
1243 Schlty , lor# # 4 room odutts, ALAMO 
HOTS Adults only 7 be oger, M UL AE R R Y TB RR AC E 
FONTANA RPTS 
NO LEASE R E Q U IR ED 
You con pay y our monttity roni in 
I, 2 or 1 poy monts. finiov color 
TV, rodio, pool, m aid-linen ser- 
. vice. All bilit ad. W EE K LY rotes 
1 3414 predericksbura Rd. 736-6444 
¡ R n r i T f i W i -------------- 
■APIUIHIKIIT FINDERS 

824-63S1 

$9o o month, 494-26$3. ng a ot tht boardwalk I» oosy en the wallet, lusi $ 118 each. Yoo con divide y our hme omona the pool, club room and loundry . Wo ore oiso close to Central P ark and 
Wonderland 5% Discount lo per­ sons $5 y rs. or oidor. 
3SU West Avenue 349-42« 3 
Earry QHllnpweter Co 
ON A WAN! AD 
IMI NUM» (U TO CAU 
•5 23» -1666 fx eeiss AND NfW5 

 drooms, centrol oir heoL stove. 

 ing, drapes. $ 218.. 
Oep. « 16-7378. bills pd $ 7$ . 

I 
ALAMO H6TI AREA 
Q uiet, d ig n ilied A d u lt livin o 
Choic e u p p er, in a stx -p lex . 
Spoc ieus 2 b ed reem , 1 b ath , draped, c arpeted, c en trol o ir, laundry teKiiltios, covorod aor- age. Cali 826-8469 
__________ 
$ 17o a’ M o n fii, b iiis pd 
2 be- 
• drocms, control o ir-h w l N im iti 
^aptk. 5347 Efgnco Rd. 341 528S 

APTS. 1315 E. Mulberry , 826-1243 
2 bedréwm'"r''r'fcoiihì, N' '»H il'6 ott blonco, lien 
Mt. bvracho. 
W-6941. i ied ro o m Low er in ifeo uijful 
Tri-ptex. Avoli. J uly l $2o8. 1814 
.F ab u lo u s 
C o rn er W est n ear 
Í Blanco. 482-24M mo, ì iedroom 
$ 145 mo; 3 Bedroom $ 168 mo; 
,c entral boat ond air; ufilitias, 
» levo and retnaorotor furnishod. 
New Light villag e Apartm ents. 
3138 E Commerce, 227 « o91; M y ra 
Burton, mpr 

WESTCHESTER APTS. 

EFFICIENCY 
1-2-3 UNITS 

FR O M $16 o 

M O 
B ias P A ID 

M i l AUSTIN HWY. 
8 28 -11o5 

A MAC. M A N A G iO 
P t O P IIIT Y 

 eie on. 'c e n y e ni e n'l. ' J u » I r e 1 
1 n ■ tthed. Couples proferfod. 732-652o c'ôNT'es'Sa -roidÑieo'u'StSl » ieor 
North Slor, 1 be» froom fownhouse, bills pd. $288 No peH « 24-67o7 
826-47o8 

CONVENiENCE 
LOOP 4i« -vonc6 J ackson Rd 
PA RK LIKE GROUNDS 
2-EEDROOM-S335. EILLS PD 
I 
P A R K D A H APTS. 342-8191 ifïiP M iiN H C Y ,'w H il' lar*e''liat- cony , near Mod. Centor, 341-1262 

 lOe »A5» » I5UU5 
PIACI TOU« WAN» AD m IM» t*FKl55 NtW5 
CAU 2 2 , » 666 

San Antonio EX P R E SS-N E W S— Saturdícry M a y ^ 8 19 7 7 

O i M l i i Q m 

 i i m m 

 n s ì M f f l i a i i 
M Æ 

IXiCUTIVE 
RENTAIS 
» t .......................... $25o 
1 4 -2 ......... 
^ 
3-2Vi4wiHi^flpd.... $425 
4-Î 4 .................. $45o 
4 4 - 2 ............... 
$6oo 
6 S 3 - 4 3 S o 
OEANIE 
OWENS €o. 
KAIIOIS-IMS 

WniiMii 14 Ofc 

Lackland 3 M r m for you ond kids. ofilv »13« fencod 
United, ?35-»t3i. too <l4»-3> 
UUiOllllOS 
. L i» t y o u r v o c a n c lo t w ith i U N IT E D ! No e h arse l E o r Foot, 
I F R E E R oforroK , Coll oor Lond- 
; lord Litttno Line from »-« 7 O eys 
, ot 73$-9U4, 
Lor«« F o w llv ? ConM!t«d 3 bdrm 
Home, oir, doubl« «oro««, fenced 
113« 
Unltod, 73V9131, fee (I3S-3) 
; I. ourol H«ts 3 bdmn. oir, no deo, 
'.Ht ieote, »135, water pd. 
Untied, 735-»l3l, fee <t«5-3? 

CHOICE RENTAIS 
4846ÛKfl«Streem« 1'/» 
$22$ 

2o$ I tody lone 3-1 >/$-2.. $25o 
43<6$t«kdole 3-2 2.......$3oo 
3o17 Munite 4-2-2 ......... $32o 
221$ Pipestone 3-2 2.......$4oo 
C o ll 8 2 8 - S 7 o 4 

CENTURY 21 

BOB RODGfKS, Rf AITORS 
81 o 7 B r o a d w a y 

4o8 IM S . oo W 
ÜNFUMHED 

CHOICE RENTALS 
Many 3 ond 4 bedrooms, tentral air, covered polios, fenred yords. 
Cflit us leaoy for your RtAl 
ESTATE needs 
828-6391, ANYTIME 

DEANIE 
OWENS CO. 
REAirORS~4HS 

. NE loop Ofe. 

132o?mVEilTAIili i 
INVALENCM i 
Im m acu late 4 bedroom , 3 both,) ttreptoce. form oi dining, fenced yard. 1 year lease, »4oo monthly. 
343-4177, nltes 4»3-in3 
REALTY WORLD 
B in S o u t h e r n 
Lease option 3-3-3, cent air, cor- pet, oppls, fust »335 

— 
— i u n i t e d h o m e r e n t h l s has 
Like new Com elot II, 3-3-2, fire-1 the lorgesf selection of rentals in p la c e d den, c a r p e ls, a ll op-1 »on Antonio. H undreds of vocon- pllances. fenced. »3«$ mo, »1oo tie s dolly to choose from . Stop dtp. 
Coll collect, 
Boerneiw osftng time ond 9oS! Coll 
_________________ 
! U N ITED 735-9121 9-9 7 Days 
L ive < ^ k 3 3 3, buiit-ins. carpet, p r tfp p b y «4o4 S o n P e d r o 

UiSted 73?»121 fee o 48 2} 
¡ V A L L E Y F O R G E . 4-3 2, den, covered pafto. «reploee. cenlrol 
3-1' j-l. » v in g room , den, cent, j „(f, carpeted. N o pets. »375. E ve s a ir heat, fenced, gord e n , poflo ond weekends S32-4«93, 532 9757 i 
V aifey HT N S H r S ^ i ?t- ; TT 

VILLA ROSA HOSPITAL 

M a s i m i o a ^ a fM M itio m o v a il a U t 
PHYSICAL TOiRAPIST sh tt i 
RNS- 7 om-3 pm, 6 months of psychiatric nursing ex­ perience preferred. 
ACTIVITIES S U P E R V IS O R • O riginote/C oordinote 
Patient receottonol octivittes 
MEDICAL TRANSCRIBER SNft i 

 i x c ^ t w e d A if cMrflMedt m i fHef« IwneBts. 
ApRiy Nrsonnti Offk« 
5115 Medical Dr. 
2 2 8 - 2 6 3 4 eqool opportunity employer 
^ 

 nred of LooMdj? rE D H O M E R E N T A l 

- r x r ; ?- -» Centro! A ir, Corpeted, Covered 
: I Ratio, P rlv o c y Fence Available 
N E iS D . Beam ed ceilings, covered jm,(. y, «74-2352 p otio, im m e d ia te o c c u p a n c y . 
$289. «84-433o, 344-43o7 
D E A N IE O W E N S R E A L T O R S 
3-3 located near Lackland - Kelly. 
Central heat and air. Imm ediate 

Westwood fom lly style 3-1 > »1, hos oppls, cent air, fence, see 
United. 735-9131, fee (144-3) 

3-3-2, Comelot II, built-lns, p rivacy fenced, fresh and spacious. »385 negotiobie. 494-3753. 
C A M E L O T II. Large 3 bedroom , 2 bath hom e. F ire p la c e , ce n tra l heat a n d a ir , oil a p p lia n c e s , fenced yord. $325 mo. «7o6 Glen 
Fair. 834-4388. 
REALTY WORLD 
R E A V IS R E A L T Y 
3-3, 3 cor garage, 3 potios, central h e at o ir, a p p ilo n c e s, w a te r softner, T h u n d e rb ird H ills, Coll 
432-4368; after 5:3o 484-3o32, 

A p ortm e n f Com m unity 
T y MORlTOffO SKURITY 
GASOfN PAItOS lllirijRIOm flllB SOOM r.vM « ‘ Al'NA' 
1 2-3 BDR. 
\ & 
2 BATH 
$1 85 $ 275 {Furn Add.) UTILITIES PD. 
2o11 BANOfRA RD 
434-4191 
Betw een MiMcrett A C o lio gh a n 
A Bob R o*s AfMirtm ent C om m u nity 

€ i 

I btdrcom 
Apis now ii7«a il»C O «:B s ovaiioble furnished or 
]fe r e o r t H Unfurnished 
APARTMENTS 
4 miles north of loop 41o 
* 
,, , on Sobroik, turn left of 
Country Livin g m 

 th e City spring Branch 

69o 146o 

o iWakefield-Stardust 
A p a rtm e n ts 
1, 3, 3 B e d ro o m A p ts. 
$ 1 8o -S 3 5 o 
Across Rector from N. Star Moll 
85o6 W akefield 
Separate family A Adult Section» 
3 4 4 -4 5 5 8 
A* Meet. fbSufiOsferU t^tuft* »»y 
_ 

SOUTHSiOE 
^ T h e Aristocrat Apts. 

M o d e m 1 B d 
A p t » 
$165 Unfurnished > furnished Avail. 

555 Hutchins 
9 2 7-4141 
AM AC Monopad Frop.rty 

o 

I I I « f ' i l l l 4 » f I I I l 4 * l l l l f i l l l l 

H f l * » » ! v i l * 

12221 Bianco Road 
492-2171 

® LA PLAZA APTS. 
T i N N I S W O R L D ' 

! I 

I RACOUfTtALL HlAlTM, AMOfMIAClLI CIU8 
I AOilLY ANO lAAAtiT MCTfONS tU«NI$MO ANO LfNPUtNfLHfO AAAATMINTI umiTtfS AAIO fVOMTHf A$r KNOOiS tU5 MAVICI hiOtTM 5TAt AMO CfNTMAi AA9« MALI AAf A 
3 4 1 -4 6 2 1 
o 

O N E 
B E D R O O M 

From 

* 1 
8 
? 

71 1 o W urxbach at Babcock 
N e x t d o o r to M e d ic a l C e n te r 

: nSN.W. LOOP41o 
L 
- 
________________ 

 r < 
® l l A 
T 
E 
R 

^ 
S 
C 
A 
P 
E 
D 
Ä 
A P A R T M E N T S 

1 9 1 6 N . E . L o o p t l O 
WESh^by 
(Horry Wuriboch Exit) 

3243 
Nacogdoches 
6 5 6 -o 1 88 

No8 
HILL 
ARBRTMBITS 

 hob Hill Apoftmenls oH IH 1o 
7626 Callaghan Road/349-1217 

® f A R A 

A N a p a r t m e n t h o m e 

 u n f o r g e t t a b l e a s i t s n a m e 
( citivtmiNt inrtrmti tuo U'ni’m e.io 
8o51 Broodway 
2 New Tennis Cts.i 
82 4 -o o 6 1 
82 8-73 9 3 

T h e H 
H 
I T 
T 
A 
. M 

6 9 6 : 3 1 1 1 h g i g l B W i s f O R S 
M26 2.155 

® forest OaJ<;§ 
® 

N O R T H E A S T 

Apartments 
Q l « ^ ^ T « r * n o c « 

2 Bedroom Apt$ . 
From *226-»263 
6 3 1 3 fve rs 
6 84 -4 7S S 

“A d v a n ta g e s o f A H om e w ith The 
C o n ve n ie n ce s of R e n tin g " 

Information 
C o ll 674-7oo4 

 tRi 
* Jr 1 ê»tfroom 
• furti. « Lnfur lith.d 
* O n. ■•«room l. ig . r • Fiml « lounUry 
* Two k«Uro.m> 
* Srnpl. l.v .l, Privat, katio 
6 5 6 -2 1 1 6 
71o6 Gten Terrete (dose fe le iidelgfc Area)^ 

A N A O U ir A FA R T M C N T C O M M U N IS V 
ALL A M E N IT IE S • O N B U S LIN E • O N E 
B L O C K F R O M ST. M A R Y 'S • O N E B L O C K 
F R O M S H O P P IN G • FU RN . A D D . 
1 , 2 & 3 B o R . 
$1 8o to $2 4 5 
UTILITIES P A ID 

J 3 o I W W O O D t A W N 
4 3 4 9 3 9 4 
A B9b Rasi Apgrtiwent Community ‘ 

 o 
LINDA APTS. 

•235 H O W A R D o ff 1 1 o o N . M A IN 
1 & 2 BEDROOMS 

Bloci*- 8apfi5^ 
Pfoft-ssionol 
Mtiirupolttan H ospdai & M a m Bunk 

2*^6-8492 

o 
P o r k 
V i l lo Q e : 
Apartment» 

• WINDSOR PARK MALL 
• NORTHEAST SCHOOLS 
• FURNISNID OR 
UNfURNISHfO 
« PAID UTIUTIIS 
PRIVATE PATIOS 
POOU A PARTY ROOM] 
4B3Q Roy Bon Drive 
. 653-73oo 

A SO PH IST IC A T ED ADULT C O M M U 
NITY W ITH A P O O L IN EA C H C O U R T 
YARD h a l f b l o c k OFF L O O P 4 1 o 
N EA R N O R T H STAR MALL 

B6o7 JONES HAAITSBERGER 
341 -31 26 
o 
N O R T H EA ST A R E A 
ûarri n ^l aza 

1 4 2 B O R . 4 T O W N H O U S E S 
G arden opts, with cleon well kept spocious grounds, potios, balconies, pool, walk to shopping, features plus. 

P e r r i n - B e i t e l R d . 
O S S - / 1 2 2 

O f r en ch ch a le t 

1 6 5o J A C K S O N K E L U R 

THt U L T im A T i A P A R T M E N T 

C O M M U N I T Y 
344-4616 

W e stch e n le r 
AfKirtm ents 

 eff., 1,2,3 Bd. from $16o 

C o ilsi-llM ’ilt lo F o r t u im I HJinli> l|ilt 

1111 AuHtin llwv. 
H28-t-M)5 
A MAC Ma««»g.U Frop.fty 

3-i'S-1, caroet, drapes, stove, trig, cent oir, lo rge fenced yard. 8o3 
Stonegate. U n iv e rsa l City. »25o mo. 494-5334 
Carpeted N W cottage, h as extro room, now only »125. H u rry! 
United. 735-9131, fee (238 1) 
4-3-1, Central air-heat, oopltonces, c a rp e tin g , fe n c e d y a r d . N E 
School disi. Available immediote- ly. $375. 454-2841. 
3 - 'j - l , c e n tra l h e o t-a ir. appliances, »235 mo. C E N T U R Y 
21 Schneider Reolty 494-73oo. 

Ô The He rita ge 

Apartments 

I 1 d iffe re n t flo o r p lo n s — 
All with potios 
Priced from $ 2 1 5 — All Bills Poid 
1543 Babcock 
341-2228 

Check this 3 bdrm , op p ls, oir, fenced for kids ond pets, »9o 
United, 735-9121, fee (158-1) 
C H O IC E R E N T A L S 
I 4-3-2, Comelot II ................. $325 i 3-3-3, Comelot I ...................»31$ 
1 4-2-3, Cam elot I ...................»35o 
3 3-2, Volley Forge .............$335 
4-3, Comelot I 
.................... »3oo 
4-2-1) The Glen ...................»269 
3-2 ), appliances ................. »275 
Century 21 
D E L A N E Y R E A L T Y 453-o55o 

344-42o7 
O E A N IE O W E N S R E A L T O R S 
2-t-t, Stove, refrigerator, clean, w in d o w o ir , no p e ts. »16$. 
Lovely 3-1'i-1 oir, appis, fenced. 
Club facilities. »235. 828-4o33 
Owner-Agent. 653-4139. 
W IN D C R E S T 
: 

MARSHALL MEADfmrS 
3 bedroom s, 3 baths, double car finished garoge, fireplace, carpet, privacy fence. 14x25 (amlly room. 
»375 mo. 8311 B A B E RU T H . 
G U A R D IA N R E A L T Y , 344-4221 

3-2-2 with 2ooo sq.ft., N E IS D , lorge covered patio, trees and fenced : yord. «53-1122. R andy Mothews, 
Realtor. 
W oodlake, 4-2-2, 44oo C y p r e s s 
Lake, »335. 453-7493/ 221-2341 Ann. 

 w o o d la k e p lu sh 3 b d rm , h a s oppls, all carpet, drapes, $235 
United, 73V9121, fee (171-1) 
MARYMDNTTDWNHDME 
Secluded. Trees. 2 bedroom s, 2> i baths, tireploce, utilities paid, iown maintained, pool privileges. 
»49o mo. Nites 824-3345. 
R E A L T O R S 
824-o4o6 
K E Y G R O U P 

Woofttawn 1 bd rm cottoge, carpet, drapes, fenced, $75 
United, 735-9121, fee (15o-2) 
| 
«o9 W. Pyron. 2 bedroom, »9o mo. 
Inquire at («37 Pleasanton Rd 

M e a d o w V ie w 2 b d rm s tu c c o house, stove, 2 garoge, fenced. 41omVSEI.IH(T8RgEU 

United, 735-9121, tee (171-3) 
M ed Center 3 bdrm 2 bath, stove, central air, huge yard, 532o 
United, 735-9131, fee (159-1) 
AAedicol Center, 3-3-3, Icem oker, 
»3o«. «98-2932, «94-1471. 
Meet that budget, 1 bdrm house in 
Falm Heights, fenced for »8o 
United, 735-9131, fee (181-3) 
5466 M E R L iN 
Comelot, « bedroom, refrig., stove ond dishwosher. 342-o933 
Monte Vista 2 bedroom duplex, all new paint, carpet, drapes, central olr-heat. Stove, refrig. F enced yard. P riva cy petio. Lease, $175. mo. Woter pd. 834-4989. 

MNLTS (HEY 226*3547 
Efficien cy and 1 bedroom , rea- sonobfe. 318 Madison. 
4 
B E D R O O M 
A S SU M P T IO N 
»3ooo equity, poym enfs »457 mo. 
18oo sa. ft., la n d sc o p e d , im ­ mediate possession, coll 459-o417 tor details. 

 b A IL V -W ÍE K L Y -N (¿ . R A T E Í' 
N A V A R R D Hotel 11« N avarro 

N E 4-3-2, oil con ven iences, atl { carpet, privacy fence, 529o 
United, 735-9131, fee (154-1) 
N E A R L A C K L A N D -C le a n 3 be­ droom , 1 both, carport, storage shed , $175 mo. 1o7 C A R D U S E L . 
«53-7oo9 
Near Lackland, large 3 bedroom, 
3 bath, with garage, fenced, cen- frol air, and much more. $25o mo. 
B R IG H A M R E A L T Y 473-14o1 

H O M E S T Y IE A P A R M E N T 
L IV IN G 
4 5 1 5 G ordan dale 
6 9 1 -1 o 4 4 

N E A R L A C K L A N D , nice 3 b e ­ droom, 1 both home in Valley Hi. 
$14o per mo. 
•.♦ C L E A N 3 bedroom + den, will 
Tord go Section 8. Children welcom e. <F4-54ij 
»25o. 933-19o4 or 933-52o4. 
A R C IN IE G A R E A L T Y 
Close lo a lll 3 bdrm , cent, oppls, carpet, fenced, $135 
United, 735-9121, fee (144-2) 

 air, 

Collins Card en big 1 bdrm , stove, no lease, kids-pets ok, lust »5o 
United, 735-9121, fee (157-3) 
C o llin s G o r d e n s 1 b d rm w ith stove, kids-pets welcome, »5o 
United, 735-9121, fee (157-3) 

o 

B a r r i n g t o n 

6 5 3 - 5 3 o o 

Cool ON! 2 bdrm house, carpeted, 
; fenced yard, »14o i United, 735-9121, fee (142-3) 

RED CARPET 

N ear M edical Center, 3-3-3. patio, refrigerator with ice m aker, l ' i block school »35o. 494-1471. 

For Perm anent Living 
Downtown, Check out the 
MVELERS HOTEL 
M ost Reasonable Rotes 
22o Breodw oy 
Privofe bedroom, both Bills paid 
»75. mo. »3o Pep. 735-49o4. 
Room with cent oir, prlvofe bath, retired oduit. 732-i9«o. 
Spacious, clean in Lovely Home. 
Own entrance, bath. 434-7154. 

4 1 8 W N IT T O IIB IT O R l E â S E 

 garden spot in or out of town with option to buy. 733-«3S7 

N E 3 bdrm house, has stove, ca r­ port, fenced for kids, pets, 5175 
United, 735-9121, fee (139-3) 
N E , 3 b e d ro o m . 3 bath hom e, covered patio, carpeting 5345 mo. 
R O SSI R E A L T Y 
494-7781 

C o rn e r lot, l- l- l, o p p ls , a ir, fenced, kids-pets ok, only $1oo. 
Call 
United, 735-9121, fee (172-1) 

T e r r a 

A l t a 

 lUFN i uNÍ UÍÍh 

/ iiât fü« IW F Ü S j 

 iHiì M U IH N 'S • 

Country M obil on 13 acres, o p p Is , i air, bills pd, fenced, »145 j 

1 
United, 735-9121, fee (157-1) 
! C ou n ie s d e ligh t N 1 b d rm , h a s i 
1 oppls, air and washer, »13o 
I 
United, 735-9121, fee (154-t) 
I CuLde-sac 3 bdrm , cent, heat-air, 
I stove, carpet, garage, fenced, 
•; $195. 
Uniled, 735-9121, fee (151-2) 
' 

N E 3 B e d ro o m s, 1 bath, I c a r garage, central air-heat, carpet­ ed. Available June 5. 1 yr. Lease, 
»3oo mo. 
225-4544, after 
4pm 
455-4887. 
Nifty t bdrm with study, has appis and air, drapes, »15o 
United, 735-912!, fee (179-2) 
No deposit, no lease, 1 bdrm houe, only $45, fenced for kids-pets 
United, 735-9121, tee (153-1) 

Con tin u ed from 
P age 12F 

6 
1 
o 
- « 
E 
I C 
L i Ä 

S E C R E T A R Y - R E C E P T IO N IS T 
Telephone, typing and llte book­ keeping. Salary to $55o. 
C O O P E R E Q U IP M E N T , 824-4314 
T E L E P H O N E O P E R A T O R need- 
N O d ep osit, no le ose , 1 b d rm je d , type 5o wpm, «ling. $43o per house, $45 bills pd, oppls, fenced , month. 
Coll 
224-S8S4 for 
(or 
Uni 
735-9121, tee (137-3) appointment. 

4 1 1 EVEREST 
82 8-5 3 3 o 1 o 
SOUTH SEA 
APARTMENTS 
LEISURE LIVING 
SUPfR LOCATION 

BUNCO AT JACKSON KELLER 
;$43 SOUTH SEA UNE 
341-62S1 

Custom-built Duplex 
A M A S T E R P IE C E 
D ra m a tic en tran ce ! 3-2, 14x22 
I living room, Fieldstone fireplace, large torm ol dining room, luxur- 
; io u s s h o o c a rp e tin g , cu sto m b uilt-ins, m o n y extra s. C e d a r fenced b ac kya rd . A p p rox. 23oo sq.ft. Double insulation thruout. 
$425. C E N T U R Y 21 R a y T e al 
Reottors 341-2222 Anytime. 
Oetlview 3 bdrm , has stove, cor-1 pet, kids pets welcome, $16o. 
United, 735-9121, fee (154-2) 
Deluxe S E 2 bdrm , kids-pets wel­ come, no lease, only $125 
United, 735-9121, fee (145-1) 
D O N ’T R E N T 
B uy • N othing down to anyone. 
E a sy to auolity. 52oo Total m ove in cost. 
474-412« 
R & E Real Estate 

N O R T E A S T 
N E A R FT. S A M . 4 bedroom s, 2 baths. DW and range. P riv a c y fence. Im m aculate! $275 mo. 
V A L L E Y F O R G E . 3 bedroom s, 2 baths, living room, fam ily room, d oub le g a ra g e . R e frig e ra to r. 
P riv a c y fence. Fu lly carpeted. 
N E schools. S33S mo. 
C H U C K A S H B Y R E A L T O R 
455-o7o7 
824-2128 

6 1 2 
M EDICAL 

North Central 2-1-1, big den, din­ ing, hurry only »175. 
United, 735-9121, fee (154-2) 
Northeast, im m aculate 4-2-1, The 
Glen, bullt-ins, fenced, beoutiful yard, »24o mo. »1oo deposit. Coll collect Boerne 1-336-2442. 

® C o u n try Village 
A p a rtm e n ts 
1 block off Broodway at 41o 
1, 2, 3 bedrooiiiH from S16o 

8 LM» C o u n t ry V illa g r , 
82 8- 5 72 1 
A MAC MonoitecI Prop«r# y 

5 LA P L A Z A * 

 i 
3 4 1 - 4 6 2 1 
• 
• 12-3 Bedrooms 
o 
• Single and Fomtly 
Sectmns 
» 
» Fireploce* 
o 
« Tennis 
^ 

1 IS NW LOOP 41o o 
Across From 
o 
North Star Moil 
o 

1 minute to IÍP1o. 
Privat« adult ond family section. 
6 9 o -1 7o o 
49o') Woodstone Drive 

 r 

C * r l t o a i 
A r m a 

Q uiet H o m e atyle Livin g 

Hitt to 3 bdfm lowrthouwi vith iiiepltKiv I? floor piani »dull » ioiofly iiem 

6 6 23 C a lla g h a n Rd. 
696-329o 

FOUR SEASONS APTS. 
1-Bedroo m ...........................»17o 
Large 1 bedroom, 
. . »3o5 
2-Bedroom I ' ibath townhouse. ........................ »26o 
Large 2 bedroom, 2 bath, 
»24o 
Utilities included. Ideal iocotion, across from Oak P o rk Snoppm g 
Center, corner Nocogdoches ond 
New Brounfels ave. 
1779 N A C O G D O C H E S RO 
_____________ 
824-o491_____________ 
Ft. Sam, 22o Moson, nice 3 bdrm, otf, tfidge, stove »95 m o 474-8149 
6REEminCHVILU6E 
ID E A L LOCATION 
1 Bedrpom, unfurn.............. »115. 
2 Bedrooms, U nfurn............ »215. 
U T IL IT IE S P A ID 
215 JA C K SO N K E L L E R 
824-9871 

THE 
GREENHOUSE 

1 BEDROO M 
TOW NHOUSES 

FROM $ 185 

72 o o S PRESA 

532-7389 t a 

ô « 'B rood w ay,'ü p H o lf s'" duplex, adults only. »15o, C2-714S. 
o « Lodifiilj iefmoT 2 bedroom,' i bath. Cleon, aulet, adult 4-plex. 
BiWt Pd. »225. 341 1787 ____________ 
OH Son Pedre. 2 bdrm s, »ISO. 523 
! w. Summit. Woter pd. 4Ì5-7873 
Ölm o» P o rk , lo rg e I bedroom . single odult only, no pets. 
82A1224. 
»13$. 

L IV E B E T T E R F O R L E S S ! 
G R O U N D L E V E L D U P L E X E S 
F U R N . O R U N F U R N . 
E X C E L L E N T M A IN T E N A N C E 
H IG H L A N D M IL L S A P T S 
2931 E. S O U T H C R O SS 
534-88o8 
LtRTOWMHOttSE 
2-Bedrpoms, oir, heol. »14«. W ater ' 
Pd Patio. 1M El Mlo-4«« iro. No ! i pets 34l-«444, 494-»47>, W4-4227 
Luxury Duplex N m V Med Center , 
441o Southpolnt. 3-2-2, kitchen ¡ oppi, Inc. w a sh e r-d ry e r, fire - > place. Sauna! V ery ditferenl-not lor everyone. D oy 222-375Í, Eve i 
3««-44a9 
; 
' L u x u ry Tow nhouse, I bedroom i wiih studio i 'l both, balcony. In ! 
Ook Hills. 341-1242 
: 
MANSiONBlANCA 
523) Blanco 
341-4113 
N E A R F T S A M 
Nice 2 bdrm dup. air. gfeve. re frig W oler pd »125 «24-«349 
N E A R UTSA, M E D CTR. A N D 
U SA A 
Large 2 bedroom, fully equipped 

4 P L E X , Fresh point and carpet. 
! central oir, w ater pd. no pets, 
! *1o« dep l- L 7«« so. It. »135. 2 1. 
! *«« so. It. plus 25’ patio, »176. By apooinlonly. 73$-$$11, 434-3o1«. 
PRESnefOUSTinilllNNIHSE 
Lovely 2 bedroom, I ' lboth lown- 
! houto in btouhtul N E. W A S H E R - i D R Y E R Conn, $29o. mo. 
A P A R T M E N T S U N L IM IT E D 

82 8-o 6 81 ____________ 
114 Q U E E N A N N E . »11«. I bo- droom, bills pd. tom e (um iture If 
; desired. 
' G U E ST H O U SE , »12». woter pd. 
132 Perry Appointment 344-I494. 

14o6-HOMES, DUPLEXES 
1 
FURmSHED 
1 
O S E E L E I E S 

1 i P A K T M E . y r s 
1 B e d r o o m 
$ 1 7 3 

2 B e d r o o m 
$1 9 4 

7v d e c i m i te l i . 

' 
111 Dot Driv e 

8 2 4 - 6 1 7 7 

8 2 8 - 7 3 9 3 

 i Palm Heights 1 bdrm , goroge opt, fenced, 187 bills pd 
United, 735-9121, toe (152-2) 
Perrin-Beltet 3 bdrm , cent, air, carpet, gorage, yard tor kids 
United, 715.9121, tee (241-3) 
Private 2 bdrm , carpeted, oir on 
< > ocre, good tor dog, »148 
(139-1) 

RÍMSELÍ-S2 SoMD. flreploGa, air, 2 bdrm, nice 
I2I-o44S W A T SO N B SO N 734-4117 

1 
TV M O N IT O R E D S E C U R IT Y 
G A R D E N P A T IO S 

. S m a ll F o m l ly ? ¿ o i v 3 b d rm , separate dining pets ok too. »14o. 
Utofed, 735-9121, toe (141-1) 
C L U B R O O M S 
G Y M A N D S A U N A S 
1-2-3 B E D R O O M S . 1-2 B A T H S 
»115. to »275. B IL L S P A ID 
P A R K T O W N E A P T S. 
434-4191 
3o1) B A N D E R A R O A D 
Between Htllcrest ond Callaghan 

Spoclous 1 b d rm «luptox, fenced 
(or kids, pets, only ffS 
United, 735-9121, fee (1*4-3) 
S p a c io u s d u p le x , fu ll ca rp e t, fenced, all bills paid, lust »15o 
United, 735-9121, fee (141-2) 
T ry this carpeted 2 bdrm . kids- pets Welcome, fenced, »14o. united, 735.9131, fee (14«.2) 
Unfurn Apt. tor rent. 
Coil 532-94»4. 
1 W estchester Apts ore 5 m inutes 
1 from Fort Sam ! 
Woddtawn Terrace 1 bdrm duplex with ru p t, g a ro g e , o n ly »115, woter pd. 
United, 735-9121, fee (179-3) 
; tél-o9-IS W. Magnolto j A p artm e n ts fro m »1oo and up- 
■ Neor SAC, convenient shopping, 
, bus lines. Call 733-9Ì57. 
4 o8 -HOMES, HFIEXIS. 

4 Q 8-H O M E S , iW n E X IS . 

O liniH iilSH EO 

Alam o Hgts. living room and din­ in g ro o m , k itc h e n , b r e a k fa s t room, 3 bedroom s, t both, gror- age. Stove, refrig. con trol air. 
»285. Mo. W ater only pd. 225-4137. 

Northridge, lovely 3bdrm, 2 both h om e , den, c o v d p a tio , N E schools, 
51o 
Woodcrest, 
5395. 
«74-4o13. 

Do you wont to rent? Loose with option to b u y ? O r own your own hom o? 3 or 4 bedroom s, $3oo-»5So mo. C all IN T E R S T A T E R E A L 
E S T A T E , 828-o755 ’til 8 pm 
2-1 duplex, central heat-air, $185. 
Call 733-o448. 
3-2 D U P L E X in Jefferson orea. 
Central heat ond air. Im m ediate , occupancy. 
$25o. a4-433o,! 
344-42o7 i 
D E A N IE O W E N S R E A L T O R S 
' 
Dynam ite new 2 bdrm , h as cor- pet, drapes, fenced for all. $15o 
United, 735-9121, too (144-2) 

N O R T H W O O D . 3 b e d ro o m , 2 bath, fo m lly ro o m , sto v e , re * trigeruior, central heot-olr, lovely fencwl vrd. »35o mo. 43o Wvndate. 
826-4388. 
REALTY WORLD 
R E A V IS R E A L T Y 
NW 3 Bedrm duplex, central air, w asher-dry conn, alt oppls. 533o. 
341-6247, 435-o66o. 

W ANTED: 
Registered or 
Registry {ligibte 
R A D IO LO G Y 
TECHNOLOGISTS lo work in our modern depart­ ment We offer extelleni working tondilions. extellent starting solory and newly improved fringe benefit program 
It interested, contort: 
. _ 
A r n o ld G a r c ia , 
Chief Technologist 
Radiology Dept. 
V A U E Y C O M M U N IT Y 
H O S P IT A L 
FOBox 371o 
Brownsville, TX 78S2o 
Phone (S I2) 831*9611 
Ixt. 258 or 2S9 

NW. D E E R R U N , M ed Ctr. area, lovely 3*1' i*1, central air, full kit- chen, corpet. 5235. 824*774. 
E c o n o m y 1 b d rm w ith e x t r a ' 
Dellview, 2 bdrm , den, car room, appliance, air, kids-pets ok, 
$75 
United, 735-9121, fee (198*1) 
Edison dist, 2 bdrm with den, en­ closed porch, garage, fenced, »175 
United, 735 9)21, fee (154-2) _____ 

Another 3*2-2, full carpet, buillint, plus frig, fenced for oil. 
United, 735-9)21. fee (185-3) 
A ttractive , sp a c io u s h o u se (or discrim inating couple, all electric k itc h e n , le o s e a n d d e p o sit. 
333-45o« or 333-31o1. 
Babcock 3-3' >-2cp, cent, air, appis and washer, carpet, patio. 
United, 735*9121, fee (174*1) 
B A B C O C K N O R T H , 3*2V,-2. lorge to w n h o u se , re fr ig , w a s h e r, co ve re d fenced patio, d ra p e d , corpeted. Clean. No pets. 492*1359 
85o8 B A R R A N C A 
D u plex, southsid e, 2 bed room , rotrig. and stove. $135 plus dep. 
342-o933 
2 b d rm new ly finished, couple only, oft 4pm weekdays, 532-3855. 
Beautiful 3-2 control weather, loo- ker.yenced tor Fido, too, $19o 
United, 735-9)21, fee 78-2) 
Beauty ) bd rm duplex with gar- oge, fenced for kids-pets, $75 
United, 735*9121, fee (151.1) 

E X C L U S IV E New T O W N H O U SE 
Beautiful Northside area. L arg e 2 bedroom, 2' >bath, 3' ic a r garage. 
C arpeted, d rap e s, a p p lia n c e s, pool, fire p lace , w etbar, m ore, 
1375 month. 49o-8o25. _____________ 
Executive living, 4 bedroom, new ro c k h om e , s u o e r k itc h e n , 3 b a th s, fire p la c e , n o r th e a s t schools, close FI. Sam, A veil. 1st 
June. »45o. Mo. 653-o434. 

 pel, air, garage, fenced yard, 
United. 735-9121, fee (133-1) 
Oak Hills 3-21, separóte dining, oil weather, oppls, fenced. Call 
United, 735*912). tee (143-1) 
3-2 2 Olym pia (N E ). Dropes, ca r­ pet, fenced, cent oir. Rent lovely 
$35,ooo h o m e fo r 5295 m o. 
4SS-o454, 658,5566 

F O R L E A S E ; 4 b e d ro o m s, 2 bolhs. Preferred Northwest oreo. 
»4oo mo. Niles 342-811o. 
Century 21 
T R IC O , Reoltors 349-4491 
Ft. S a m , I b e d ro o m , 1 b o th , fenced, wafer pd. »75 828-2722 
Get this! 2 bdrm with fireplace, garoge, yard for kids-pets, »8o 
United, 735-9121, fee (137-2) 

Q U IE T A N D U N IQ U E 
2 bedroom , 1 bath, lorge living area with indirect lighting, elec­ tric kitchen, p rivate b o c k y o rd with covered patio. 5275. C E N ­ 
T U R Y 21 R a y T e a l R e a lt o r s, 
341-2222 Anytim e 
Q U IE T A N D U N IQ U E 
2 bedroom , 1 bath, large livin g area with indirect lighting, elec­ tric kitchen, p rA vate b o cky o rd with co ve re d patio. »275. C E N ­ 
T U R Y 31 R a y T e a l R e a lt o rs , 
341 2222 Anyfime. 
4-2-1 range, disposal, dishwosher, central o ir ond heal, corp eting a n d fe n ce d y o rd , n e o r K e lly - 
Lackland. W ater paid, $24o mo. plus »75 deposit. 423-38o7 

GiianI 2 story 2 bdrm house, dou­ ble goroge, fenced for kids, $1oo 
Uniled, 735-9121, fee (134-2) 

HARRY HfHRZBACH 
L a rg e 2 bedroom tow nhouse m 
4-piex, stove ond refrigerator, oir, goroge »145. M O R R IS R E A L T Y 
454-o614. 
_____________________ 
H E R W E C K H O U S E 
2-B«droom, I bath »215. 
A cro ss street from Lee High, 3 bikt, (rom N lm iti H ig h , i bik 
Jackson Kollor Elem entory. 
M A IN T A IN E D W IT H P R ID E 
A L L U IL IT IE S P A ID 
233 H e r w e c k D r . 344-S8o4 
IF YOU Q U A LIF Y 

1 Bedroom -I Bath »I43-»I99 
2 Bedroom I 8olh tl59-»22l 
3 Bedroom 2 Both tl79-»244 
^ 
^ 
^ 
.. 
All Ufilih«», Central Air and Heol, ■ c«'’o*’t«<l ond dropcd. 
R e lrig e ro lo r, R onge, D isp osal, i or 341-7483. 
Oroperte», TV Antenna, Steroge 
U niti and More. A p proxim aleiy 
15 Minutes Irom M iiitory Base*. 
924-o41o 
2914 Roosevelt Ave. 
) thJ/ICI(SoNKELta 
L o v e ly 2 b e d ro o m o p o rtm c n t ovoitabie, »215 per mo., biiU pd 
Wo»h«r ond drver included. Coti 
Tom M e Ned. 349-U74. ____________ 
LA b a U d e r a A P T S 
L U X U R Y I and 2 bedroom cwls. 
1171 B A N D IR À R D . 433 3214 
3 Largo opis. »45. to »«o. M o I9«3 
Sounders. 234-25«7. 

N E E D AN A P T - C A L L US 
T E X A S A PT . L O C A T O R S 
349 3485.no F E E *tt5 « UP 
N e7 Houso, fftw' oHroHiv'ii, i be- droom , odults, no pets, r e fe r­ ences, on bus line, »125. Plus Dep. 
»24-97SI, 822-93o8 _________________ 
N o Dow n Paym ent, »2o closing cost, an yo n e co n buy. 3-4 be- 
! drooms, 2 boths. Som e with cen- trol oir and apglkincet. Paym ents 
' less Ihon rent 
B O B D e P A O LO 
344-Jo9I 
R E A L T O R 
I 
O A K H IL L S V IL L A G E 
Apartm ents ond Townhouses 
»185 .Up IM 7 Babcock 344-9/24 

SE C U R IT Y 
P L U S 
Apts. O f Distinction 
Etficioncios • 1 and 2 bodroom s 
Furnished and Unfurnished 
THE V ILLA FO NTANA 
123 B R A C K E N R ID O E A V E. 
(O FF 27oo B R O A D W A Y ) 

82 8-1 1 9 1 

S E E the rest- C O M E lo tho B E S f . 
V IL L A G E O A K S A P T S. 
»on N. Now Brounfels. «2o-4242 
Smcril, quiot, adult complex in Ook 
Hills near M od Ctnter, NW AH plush corpot, utilitiot paid. 2 bo- droom townhouse with large den, also largo ) bodroem apartment 
342 131o or 349-o219 
SUNSET RIDGE APTS. 
Lorge I and 2 Bedroom s 
F R O M »122.56. ( F U R N »146.) 
114 V A N O E R H E C K C24-2349 
O F F 444o N N E W B R A U N F E L S 

 m m m 
$ eosi eROAinvAY 
A N A P A R T M E N T 
Unfergotobto os IH noma 
1-BED RO O M , »14« 
2-BSO R O O M , t3)S 
Hava lust oddod 2 now tonni* cogrts. 
U T ILIT IE S P A ID 

82 4 -o o 6 1 , 82 8- 73 9 3 
Tho W ostchostor Ap'f»"‘ar«"|u'sl m m ulos from IH3S and Loop 41o1 

 r a m s i e 

B o iT S íñ T s s f ñ r s o íM M n o ír ? ! ^ ^ 
OIL M ils port pold, »1»«. united, 735-9121, too (142-2) ie o u iltu i 1 b d rm iiouso, portly 
' turn., carport, »115 
Unitod, 735-9121. too (141-2) 
I Bodroosn itouso, 1o mi«¡ to Kol- iy-Lockland 143o w. Thom pson. 
433-1453. »11$ mowWHv. 
■ B t la ir 2 b d rm , h o s a ir i la rg o 
' fencod for family, »14o 
' kJlllHd, 735-9iat, tot (147-2) 
• B ill* gd, r 'M j rm with oir, only 
! »1o«. no doposit. fencod tor 
: kids.4»«is unitod. tot (145-1) 

 i B r in g Ih'o Ir lb t . B ig 2 b d rm i riiboth, poH, toot »9o 
■ 
Gnttod. 73»-»12t, too (174-1) 
Cottogo, cozy, cloon, air, utilltios 
' W» 
««ele 2233544. 
E. M Y R T L E . 1 bodroom . n o o r 
; SA C and Trinity. 735-7134. 
' F i r i a m . 1 b o d ro o m , i bath, leocod. wotor pd »9». «2o-2722 
H ighlands 1 b d rm apt, »25 wk, bills Pd ond t bdrm mebil homo 
S7»mo j unitod, 735-9121, too (137-1) 
H ig h ta n d s K x a c u tlv o S 3-1, II- brarv, don, firoplaco, mora. CoM united, 7IV9I21, too o 73 2) 
I SO Hllisctoie tracfcidnd, K e lly ), 
3-t, fence, oir, »145 834-7913. 
Lourol Heighïs cdrpdiod I bdrm wife oir and toncod, only »oo 
United, 735-9121, too (t43-2) 
N e « ¥ ‘sp a co lo r k id s , p o tt^ 1 bodroom, M r, corpot, toncod, »14o 
Unitod, 735-9121, too (1o5-t) 
N o i^ w o tt M g t bd rm Jdr' jun o I, hos gorogo. only St IS. Call 
Unitod, /»»■»»»»> im < 17M3) 
Ott Prosa I bdrm , ho» oir, Igncod tor kids, now only »75 
Unttod, 735-9121, too (154^3) 
Otm os P o r t 2 rm gu o st houst, hoot, air. Mon. 432-5534 

AA A A AA A A A W ... Still ronfing? 
Own your own homo. Som o only 
»1oo down I NO C rodit? No prob- lom! 922-2173, 475-9294, 473-S1S4 
Pot M cV oy Rool Estoto 

 a a a A - D E A L. Bo on ownor, not a rtntor. No down paym ent lo an- yonoi August poymont. 
494-74to S L A T E R R L T Y 344J)»34 
A BoautttuI 3^2-2, control otr-hoat. 
Corpotod, fenced, clean. »35o. 
R O U G H R ID E R R E A L T Y 
454-7131 
( A w i i n z T r e » a i ' o n d 'i 
, bedroom hom es to ront, own or 
I looso with option to buy. »225 to i »525 mo. Colt 
: E X E C U T IV E . o24-5345 ‘fit 8 pm i A ' Chdicd' of i-4 bodroom hom o* and aportm onts to ront. L o o so 
: with e p iio n to b u y . O w n y o u r homo NOW ! 119» to ssoe mo. 
O A S E -B A K E R R E A L T Y CO. 

 i 
49o^o99« E v o t M4-MoS, 342-7713 
KEY 6BoUP 

S - t O U M t f l l O I T M S 
W o h ovt tho now osi ond bast 3 ond 4 bodroom homo» In North 
Son Antonio. AH of our hom os oro lo s s th an I y r. old. O r o p o s , p rivacy toncod. R o trlg o ro to rs, corpohng. »3oo to »4MI por month. 
Coil us onytim o! IN R S A L INC. 
733-91o4__________ 
*'4 Acrd, ft"n c d i"'l‘b'drm , appis. 

3 bedroom , I bath in D e llvie w oreo oft V o n c e Jo ckson . W a sh conn., stove, neor schools-shop- ping. $14o. 484-8984 
Otter 5 

W N O H K S ” 
3 bedroom, 2 both, 2 living areas. 
B uilt-in kitchen, lo ve ly fenced bock yord. 3 ca r go ra o e . Cent heot-air, shades, tip top condition. 
»2»« mo. »2oo Del. N o d o g s. 
«84 4978 or 494-7892 

R e d e c o ro to d E d is o n 2 b d rm , oppls, garogo, no loose, $175 
United. 735-9121, tee (133-2) 
R e d e c o ra te d 2 b d rm d u p le x , oppls, $11o wotor pd. 
United, 735-9121. fee (139-2) 
Repainted 2 bdrm , hos stove, air, corport, poHo fenced, »145 
United, 735-9121, fee (15o-3) 

3 bedroom )'> b ath , central air and heat, between Randolph and 
S o n A n to n io , »24o p e r m o. 
458-4248; otter 4 pm, 484-o122. 
2 B e d ro o m hom e In J e ffe rso n oreo. noor schools, 735-2593. 
3 bodroom houso, root ntco ploce to live. 
M r 
Jimenez, 
231 
St. 
F ro n d s 

Hartondolo big 2 bdrm, soporate dining, fencod tor all. »9o 
Unttod, 735-9121, toe (144-1) 
H a rla n d o le 1 b d rm hou se with stove, carpet, fenced, »8$ 
United, 735-912t, fee (14o-2) 

3 R o o m cottoge, la rg e fenced yard, near 
Leap 
41o 
South. 
3 4 4 - 4 2 2 5 .______________________ 
R oom y I bd rm with oppis, oir, 
CP, storage, fence, »14o 
United. 735-9121, tee (155-1) 

IRNS & LVNS 
NiCDED 

Apply 
PARK NORTH 
IGENIRAL HOSPITAL 
433o Vonce Jackson 

A P P L IC A T IO N S now being token tor o Night Supervisor (11-7) in a 
1oo-bed accredited hospital. A t­ tractive salary, vacation, hospi­ talization and life insurance, sick toove, retirem ent ond available nurses auarters. We are an equal op p ortu n ity e m p lo ye r. P le a se contact the Adm lnistrotor at O.M. 
C o g d e il M e m o r ia l H o s p it a l - 
Snyder, 
Texos 
79549. 
Phone 
915 $73-2457. 

3-3-3, R o y a l R id g e , b u llt-in s, fenced, refrigerator, mint. »39o. 
494-3752. 

Mere’S a 2 bdrm , stove, trig, cor- pet, fenced tor all. $14o 
Unitod, 735-9121, tee (14o 2) 
3 Bedroom s. 2 baths, stove, 8315 
Running Horse, $185 mo. 
494-742o W oyne Stator Realty 
3-Bedro«m upper duplex. »o5. 
J E R R Y S M IT H , 494-3855 
Beiolr 3 bdrm , OM)!», oir, storage, goroge, fenced for kids-pets, »145 
United. 735-9121, toe (143-3) 
B ig F o m lly? 4 bdrm , 3 both, every 
1 oppl, fireplace, private, j 
United, 735-9121, toe (l47-t) 

33oBUKELEY 
3 bedroom , I both home. Chain linked fenced yard. Single C a r ­ port. no oppllonces. Adults only. 
»14o mo. 344-3o78, nites 49«-o846 
D O N JO H N SO N , R E A L T O R S 

; 
KEY GROUP 

Highland Hills. Split level stucco 
4-3-2, 34oo sq.ft. luxurious living. 
Library, roar apt. Loato with op- tlon, $375. 532-4732 otter 4:3o P M 
Highland H iiis romodolod 3 bdrm, air, carpet, forage, tone# , »tso 
United, 735-9121. too (144-1) 
H ighlands 3 bdrm house with den, oir, 2 gorofe, fenced (or kids-pets, 
»156 
UnWed, 735-9121. toe (14o-1) 

 carpet, air, forage, kids-polt ok, 
»17o 
United. 735-9)21, tee (152-3) 

 t l lm - a i f li V ili a 
2-2 mobile, dog run, h o r m O K 
I2o4445W A TSO N * SON734-4117 
W A TSO N * SOW R E A L T O R S 
A torn «do G ardent 3 bdrm, carpet, storeroom, toncod. Sot. • O K, »15o 
Unito«, 735-9)21, (oo (145 3) 
?HTTïï?ÎK'8'fi!' ti:â"cftU ---------- 
15 3 2 5 ,1 6 6 6 
(x n e f5 5 A N O N (W 5 

$13S-S1611. 
B L A N C O RD. ond B A S S E RD . t-2 Bedroom s. Gos-W oter Pd. 
6o3) B A S IL W O O D 342-37o2 i 7111 B ra ir'g d to . 3 2 2, c o n tro l 

1 h t o l- o ir , w ith o p p lio n c e s . 
: Avotlable offer 37th M ay. 53Io. i mo. I. G. H odges 6 Issoc. 227-o749. 
I Brick 1 bdrm , air, oppls, goroge. 
I only »1o« 

1 Unitod, 73S-912I, too ( 134-3) 
_ 
... 
. 
. 
; 
;•' 
* 
C/own, n e , secluded 
' oir?only »1«) i iocotion o n # Brlvucy. Idooi tor 3 

H ugo 2 b d rm with a ir, carp e l, caiRort, toncod tor kids-pets, »is« 
Unitod, 73S-9121, toe (144-2) 
In O lym pia ( N E ) 3-2-2, drapes, carpet, fenced, cent o ir, rent lovely »35.ooo home tor »295 me. 
45So454, 45«-5584. _________________ 
Jett Area 3 bdrm , all oppls, cent, oir. kids-pets ok, bills pd, »22o 
Untied. 735-9121, toe (133-3) 
Jefferson 2-1, carport and stor- oae. oppls, tonced tor kids-peis, 
$145 
United, 735-9121, toe (154-3) 
June 1st, 3 bdrm^ applt, corpet, air, corport, storage, fenced, »175 
United, 735-9I2I. fee (15o-1) 
K id s p e ts ok, 1 b d rm h o u se , fenced tor only »9o 
United, 735-9121, toe (IjM fe . 
"hofS* 

124o SA N A N G E L O , oft Catalina, nice 2 bodroom duplex, complete- ly unfurn. »1oo. 734-5711 
San Jose 2 bdrm , oppls, only »135, toncod tor kids-pots, 
Unitod, 73V9121, too (152-1) 
S E V E R A L 3 b o d ro o m h o m o s close to Randolph and Ft. Sam . 
N ortheast schools. »34o to »45o p«r mo. Avail, now. 454-1234 
BED W E T 

A SC P Hem atology Tech with 4 y rs experience 
Supervisor Lab Specim ens 
Recolving Dept. 2-3 y rs su p e rvi­ s o ry oxp. w ith k n o w le d g e ot medical specim ens requirem ents essenflol. Call 49o-122o E O E 

SpacioM B ig N E 3-r,r-l, control heat, air, more oppls, option, 
Unitod, 735-9t2l, fee IH 8-3) 

FACULTY POSITIONS 

ImiBodtat* 
®*' creditd hospital school of horsing. MSM preteired. ISh with ortiv# educotiomil interest would be considered. CMniail experience required. 
Teoching experience preferred. Openings in w dinkol oreos. (empefitive sotories ond excellent fringe benefits. 

Contort 
Direttor 
School of 
Nursing, 
Soptist 
Memoriol 
Hospitol System, Son Antonio, TX 
78286 
222-8431, ext. 21o 
Call collect aqvof Of fortonify einf ley«? 

RiGISTIRiD NORSES 
LICENSED VOaTiONAl 
NURSES 
All shifts. Speciality oreos of nurs ing ore oho ovoimble. AN solory commensurate with experience. 
8% shift differential, 8 poid holi- doys ond other fringe benefits in­ cluding o retirement pton. 
Ingviro Porsoflniel Offins 
Bexar County Hospital 
45o2 Medical Dr. 
OR 
Robt. B. Green Hosp. 
527N.UoRaSt. oquol offortunMy om fioyor 

SANTA ROSA 
MEDICAL CENTER 
Has immediate portion ovoiloble 
HEAD NURSE 

In the Childrens Hospital, 

Shift I 

ExcoKmt working contfiHoni on# frihfo beiwHts. 
Apply Personnel Office 
519 W. Houston St. 
228-2343 tquol N»portunity employer 

Part tim e relief, ^ 
7-3, ond 3-11 
R N 
, Charqe position, 3-11 
Full or part time 
<|| 
Apply in per$on 4| 
616 W . Russell || 
|L SAN PEDRO MANOR M 

X-RAY TECH 
Immediate opening for registered lodiologic Technologist. Salary commensurate wHh eimrience. 
Good fringe benefits ond working conditions. If interested, contort 
R e r s o n n w f Dapt. 
SPOHN HOSPITAL 
1436 3rd St. 

CoriMis CbrisH, TX 7M o 4 

|...5 t2 -884 -2 M I,E x t.l2 6 

LVNS NEEDED! 
All shirts. Core Inn ot Seguin, Coll collect 
1-379-7777 
Travel ollowance. 

Sareod out, 3-2 1, buiit-ins-Frelri, cent air, more, n e 
United, 735-9121, fee (155-3) 

AssLDlTKtorollliiiKes 
RN^jnrvisiirS-ll 
R N s and L V N s, toll or port time. 
E X P . A ID E S , (non-sm okers) ap­ ply tOom-12 H liltide M a n o r 131o 
GouH Lone. 828-o4o4 
C A M P RN . Y W C A G irls’ Cam p, 
Com fort, T«. S u p e rv is e health needs. 4o Cam per*. Live at Com p 
June 24 thru Aug. 4. Salary P L U S 
Free Cam ping tor your children. 
Contact YW C A, 318 McCullough: 
227-1441. 
' 

MEDICAL-DENTAL 
Positions avollabie-m any a re as 
OR. P E R S O N N E L M E D IC A L - 
D E N T A L Em ploym ent Service ed Bidg, 49«-99io 
Oak Hills M ed I 
M edical stenographer, full tim e 
4o hour, 5 day week. Dictaphone. 
State experience and references in reply to E x p re ss Box 4349 S.A. 
78297 

R.N.XldiyN11-7 
All fringe benefits 
Golden M anor 734-4544. 
R N s and L V N s applieationt being a c c e p te d to r s ta lt re lie f o n d i p rivate duty, p o rt or full tim e.’ 
C h o o se sh ift a n d h o u rs,! 
H om em akers Upjohn 224-2341 j 

R .N .'S needed Full Time or Part 
T im e. 3-11 sh ift fo r h o sp ito l. 
Please contact M r. J. E. D yer, 
A d m in is tra to r, J o h n so n C ity. 
Texos 1-848-711$. 
R N ’S N E E D E D 
IC U -C H A R G E 
Nursefinders 226-6333 
R N W E E K E N D 
Call M rs. M orse. 224-2381 

SECRETARY 
Pathology transcription and gen- erol secretarial work. Nix Hosp. 
Ctlnicol Laborotory 224-9331 
T e x a s T ech U n iv e rsity H e a lth 
S c ie n c e s C e n t e r* h a * o n im ­ m ediate opening (or chief tech­ nologist ra d io lo g y dept. S a la ry based on q u a lifica tio n * and e x ­ p erience. M in im u m q u a litic a - tlons: registry with A A R T ond 4 y r * radiologic ttchnotogy e xp e r­ ience. Send resum e ond 4 refer­ ences to Personnel Director, Tex­ a s T ech U n iv e rs it y S c h o o l el 
Medicine, P D Box 4549, Lubbock, 
Tx 794o9. E O E 

614-SKILLS-TRADES 

S U N S H IN E P A R K . 3-2 2 with kit­ chen opplionces, water softener, centrol heot-olr. »375 month. *2oo deposit. 434-2341. 
RED CARPET 
_________ 
R E A L T O R S ___________ 
»135 takes this 3 bdrm in Beloire. central otr, fenced tor OM. 
United, 735-9121, lee (147 3) 
Toke Hus 2 bdrm duplex, cent oir, applt. tonced tor kids-pets, »135 
United, 735-9121, fee (147-3) 

E x p e r ie n c e d M e d ic a l T ro n - tc rlb e r (o r In te rn a l M e d ic in e 
Sp ecialist. N o rth sid e location, 
M ondoy- Friday, full fringe ben­ efits, sotory open. Send resum e to 
Exp ress and New s Box No. 437o, 
78297 
Experienced C hoirside Assistant for busy northside office. Please send resum e and expected salary to Exp ress New s Box 4343 
Licensed nurse tor privóte duty, second shirt, port time 4 or $ hrs, 5 or 4 days o week. 341-o243 

HEAVY DUTY 
TRUCK 
TECHNICIAN 
MISSION 
CHEVROLET NEEDS 

 fxperiented technkions for 

 dievel ond gas on heovy duty 

!fU(kv ond 
Allsson trans- 

 nissmnv. 

GOOD COMPANY BtNIFITS; 

* HOSPITAUIATION 
INSURANCE PLAN 
* PAID VACATION-SICK 
PAY 
* UNIFORM AUOWANCE 

An »quol opportunity 

 employer" 

Apply in person to: Fred 
Vaughn, Harvey Haley, or lowrenee Jetter. 

MISSON CHEVROLET 
12oo S.E. MtUTARY DR. 

A B D IC K 34o, and IT E K Aooiv 
» 'A ÍT P R IN t Tn O 
S E R V IC E , 1o9 W Houston. 

J ou rn e vm on 
2 Experienced Apprentice. 
^ n ls in n “'rn '”.®.*"’“ «om pon- to S ton ce n tra ls. i22'7ì7t. E xce ü e n ! opporlunrtv for reliable person. 

Kingsborough 2 bdrm hoVsc only \ tion »425 

T E R R E L L H I L L S 4 2, fa m ily room wilh tireploce. Choice loco 

 tiOO. tonced tor kids-pets 
Uniled, 735-9121, tee (la V a ) 

KIN6*SPAD 

United, 735-9121, toe (179-t) 
Budget m inded cottoge, lust $45, has oppls, no dep, kids pets ok 
United, 735-9121, fee (156-3J 

 oduifs. 3-2, torge d«n, split levei, deck, 2 flreptocet, dressin g reom, circu lo r d rivew oy, 2 m in. i h 35. 
»56o me. 
Owner, 
455-1444, 
927-3379. 

B A B C O C K N O R T H 4 3 -la m ily ro o m , b e a u tifu l y a rd , a ll a p ­ plian ce s in c lu d in g w a sh e r a n d dryer. »3oo 
FT. S A M A R E A ! bedom, duplex, furnished. 
»1o«. 
Im m ediate occupancy. 
824-2391 (A n ytim e } 
De anie Owe ns Co 
R E A L T O R S Austln Hw y Ofc 

L V M r m i i i M a - 1 1 
I 

§ 2 2 - 2 781 
Assistonf Supermtendoflts for re- sid e n tto l c o n stru c tio n , fc xperience preferred, but we will b e tw e e n 
S.3D-$pm. StttGri« ComDonie$ 
LVN 
(1) R E L IE F , (1) F U L L T I M E 
3-1) S H IF T 
924-1134 

Bilingual Seom tress-clerk, wee! ken ds only, T h u rsd a y , F rid a y . 
Coll 924-4254, Otk for 

 t V N s $4.4o Hr 
L V N s needed tor w eekend ear i p ie rc in g a ssig n m e n ts. We w ill troln. M ust be avaitoble consecu­ tive weekends. Call alter 3pm; 
.224 5884 
! 

Sam. 

( H I A C T IO N N U M B it 
»oo »AST RESo1T5 y iA C l TOUB W A N ! AO 
IN THl [ X P R IS S N IW S 
1 
C A U 375-1666 

SU'SKIllSTIUIIES 

• TRUCK DRIVERS : 

# 

# 

# 

# 

Growing company needs 
IXPIRIfNCID HIAVY DUTY 
TRUCK DRIViRS 

Must be dependoble with good work ond driving records. Local only. 

If you meet these qualifications, we offer the following: 

TOP SALARY 
PAID VACATION 
PAID SICK IBAVB 
UNIFORMS 
LIF£ INSURANCE 
HOSPITALIZATION 
CHRISTMAS BONUS 

Contact Mr, Carlos Gloria 

224'4651 between 8 om-5 pm 

 on eqool opportunity omployor 

 m 

 m 

 m 

# 

§14naLI-1%«S 

G 

G 
G 

ü g g g g g g g g g g g g g g g g 

NEWELL FOUNDRY i Molding Foromon 
Steel Foundry experience required 
» Finishing Foreman 
Night shift strong supervisory skills required 
R Shake out Foreman night shift ond strong supervisory skills 
R General Mechanic qble to repoir hond air tools. 

S en d rmu me o n d p a $f e m p h y m referen ces 
To John Cwing 
PO Box 93 6 7 
San Antonio, Tx 7 82 o 4 

BQOEI ilL v M U lL 
P a g e 1 3 D 

SERVICE 
ADVISORS 
I! NEEDED I! 

MISSION CHfVROUT NftOS 
SERVICE 
Rro- tn^fionoi ond or troinoe f'ood wfirking elmo^pHtrn 

♦ 
GOno COMPftNY 
BENfflTS 
♦ 
HOSWAl, INSUtiNCI 
RUN 
♦ 
PAID VAC ATION 
♦ 
SICK PAY 
♦ 
UNIfORM AUOWANCE fouti (wnwTUNitr FMnoTft 
Apply in pnrinn to lowrenc« J#tf*r or Al Hoed 
M ISSO N 
CHEVROLET 
12oo S.f MItlTARY DR 

TELEPHONE SALES 
High School Students 
W ork 5-9 W eekdoys 
And 9-5 Saturdays 
$ 2*3o P e r Hr. + Bonus 
Full Time Also 
O N BUS LINE 
For Interviews Coll 
2 2 S -2 81 o 
An f.QUa l O p p ortu n ity Em ployer 

JACK-IN-THf-BOX r&MUY RfSTAUR&NT 
Ni^ht People 
EuH tim« po^itioriv trom 
1 2 pm . / fjm 
Mqiui* onij Ftabir mdividuoU. qmi# With r)n indi'Miy leOljor whirh otl»rF 

• p*3id varotto'! 
♦ Krtipitolif ar'On 
It ynii oil? ol*o 
Qr»d Q n.Qli* o*!. opply in pprrnp 

9 1 I om M o n d o y < fi'd o y 
2 4 6 ”? N o'"oo|do'H pi Cd 
(N o pbona fo lK pteo'ff) ngiiol fipportiinity employer 

62Ü HftfWAIfTfO 
MigCEimiiS m 
HÜFWANTfD 

„ ■ r n S s m 

62o 

614 gKiiiS * TRABEI 
814 a f l u í - TRAPES 

 p u i l l i l g HOT M O P ■ 

M Roofing Cross Q 

 m n e e d e d 
G j 

H i m m e d i a t e l y 
J | 

 g coN 341-6211 ■ 

OFFSET 
PRESSM AN 
Journeymon only, 
For 
Mietile preti tliis job will Intlude «iiper yitory re^ponnbilitiet mth pood advancement opportunity 
Apph 
(ont must ligye pood boriigitiund knowterloe of tofol pnntiojj opero riijns surh os pre press ond bindery nperotions Knnwledqe oi expen enre in typesetting, prirmg ond costing helpltil 
Siototlnn, sirk leove, twMnys, qnod retirement plon Only persons meeting these guaiifirotions need npply liiisf re locote to Austin Sena complete resume tn 
EXPRESS-NEWS BOX 4348 
Son Antonio, Toxos 78297 

LONE STAR 
Volkswag en 

Needs a mechonic with experience. 

SE6Bo8 DABNEY 
AT 33o3 BROADWAY 

“IMMEDIATE” 
Service Technician 
1. Must hava good driving record 
3. Over 21 years of age 
3. Must be stable 
4. W onts advancem ent 
“A pply” 
5o1o W est Avenue 

W o r l d s la r g e s t t e r m it e a n d p e s t c o n t r o l c o m p a n y rI 
I 
I 

I 

MAINTENANCB MECHANIC 

4 yeors experience In maintenance 

 or electrical refrigerotion & generol mechonics. 
Major company benefits. 

Call Les Larsen 
FOREMOST FOODS CO. 
2 2 6 -7 3 1 1 e q u a l o p p o r t u n i t y o m p i o y o r 

Gillespie Ford is expanding its service department. 
I mmediate openings. 
• Automotive Air Conditioning Mochonic. 

• New tor Moke-Ready Mechonics. 

• Top pay and benefits. 

• Raid vocetion, life insurance, hospitolizotion progrom. 
Apply to Roy Fetree. 

Gillespie ford 
23ooBroodwoy 
227*1411 

IIIIIIIIU U IIU U IU llllU U ilM H U lili 

NEEDED AT ONCE! | 
EXPERIENCED 
I 
EllCTRICAl 
I 
HIIPERS 
I 
* 2 or 3 yeors house 
S wiring oxpeilence 
S 
FOSS ELECTRIC CO. | 
9 o 1 o A e ro i 
8 2 4 -2 3 58 
| 

 iillllJlW IIU JU IIJIIIIIIIIIIIIU Iilllim 

DRILLiR 
Needed for 
Mayhew-1ooo 

URANIUM PRODUaiON 
FIELD IN SOUTH TEXAS 
CALL FAT HORN 
1*713-666-4458 a n y t im e 

FITTER 
SEAMSTRESS tor ftne ladies reody-to weor 
Position im medióte Permanent 
A p p ly In p e rso n 
M rs. Schau m 
3 rd Floor 
CARLS 
221 E. H o u sto n 

Experienceü C«»oi Toilori coii fo r oppotntment, 8Z4 aoio. ____________ 

Experienced Single Needle Oper 
Í sto r to sew c a n v o s go o d s C oll 
G o ry or Oon o33-1338 

AUTOMOTIVE 

We need on experienced 

BODY SHOP ASSISTANT 
Quolified in talking wtth cus­ tomers, writing esflmotes qnd handling body shop personnel If you ore this person, otrd looking 
♦ot o permqoent position, with good opportunity for advance­ ment with on estobhshed bust ness, we would like to talk to you 
Coll Mr. lee lorchers 
225-65o1 

C O M P O S IT IO N 
S H O P 
PosWions Now Open 
> S U P E R V IS O R txponenced on IFM typesertinq and have pasteup exp Aqlo f.ovoerf knowledge helplul 
Wmk Wed Sot ond Mon HI hour week, losurgnce, etf SifS 

*o start 
• T Y P IS T -P A S T IU P 
1 hitl time. 1 port time (moinly weekends) E*p on IftM typeset inn ond hte pasteup finnd spelhnq es'entiof S2 6(1 hr t start 
Coil Chuck, 8 2 8-SI 7 2 

EXPERIENCED 
PART TIME 
WAITERS 

For Gourmel and 

Flomb«’ Foods 

CALI MRS. NEIMAN 

 iptwMP otSo-S:3(1 

TiHttdpy Soturdtiy 
4 92 -1 o 6 3 

(M u t* h o s re o w n tm n g p o rH ftlo t» ) 

AUTOMOTIVE 
SERVICE MANAGER 
We Of. ocsM iM y ÍNt*rvi.wtii|j aM H cm h 
1er sur iMorioe 
MeMtqyMr peiltfMi. ^ 
{MtrsM we m e békifff for m uit be .x 
(terfoiMMl fo tit op MifMoriting w d m m t <d ^1 be e ‘'tpbe- d t w m " iti4vi«iu9l. We ora o m ^ -ita e 
Geiwrai 
Metert daoter w rv k in f C e rri«. Spr- 
Ingf oed «MrrwiMAitf 2 caeitty a rM . Cerriao Spriiif« it e «.ry wtiontitiw. c(Mmn»nlty pin! ka« oaa ef tba finoit tdtoal tyslam t in 
Ike ttofo. hi lerafted?! Cep ut today and lal’t talk tkapi Call 876-2441 and eoi for Mr, Fallae. 

EXPERIENCED 
SEWER & D RAIN 
SERVICEM AN w ilk coHimartial Ikaata. 
Will (M tid a r training. 
A lexander's 
Roto-Rooter coll f o r a p p t. 
2 2 4 -6 1 2 6 

ASSISTANT 
TO HEAD 

Maintenonce Mon 

 lorge Horthside opt. community. 
342-o742 {Oani-Spnii 

{quel Opprwfsmtty f mployer 

BODY SHOP 
M ANAGER 
Good focilify. 
Good opportunify 
Alamo Toyota 
82 8-o 7 2 3 ask for Guy Hass 

^ , 
OFFSET PRESSMAN 
, 
I ’ Exp oHsef ptestmon, greof op portunity to odvqnre os o croftsmon You will leqrn to op emfe the newest 2 and 3 color rotqiy forms prevsei Good pay, excellent working conditHtot, oH fringe benefits, including profit shoring. 
Professionel 
Business Forms 
227-5321 

E x p e rie n c e d Sh e e t M e ta l M e ­ c h a n ic a n d -o r 
S h e e t M e to l 
G rin d e r n e e d e d Im m e d ia te ly 
S a la ry c n m m e n tu ra te with e x ­ perience. Apply in person 7o2 Son 
Fernando M on-Thur. gom-4pm 
E x p e rie n c e d tire c h a n g e r a n d wheel balancer, only experience need apply, good salary, plenty of w orking hours. 736-4SH 

COMPOSITION 
ROOTING 
CREWS 
NEEDED 
IMMEDIATELY 
Call 
3 4 1 -6 2 1 1 

M il 
1 ^ o o l l ^ 
P 

Household Goods 
Experience? 
Moving Company in Houston needs 
LOCAL DISPATCHER 
DRIVERS/ 
VAN FOREMAN 
RATE CLERK/ 
RECEPTIONIST 
713-462-5757 

 iACK-IN-THE-BOX 
FAMILY RESTAURANTS 
Abound with opportunities In» sharp individuals seeking full or port time position 
• Flexible hours 
• Gctod stgrtiog poy a Performance roises 
. Compooy paid booof*** include hespitoliiatien end ygcetion 
• Great growth pofentiql 
Apply In Person 
9-11 om ot 3-S pm at 72o6 Blanco Rd 
{No phono colt* please) 
Equal Opportunity Employer 

Is now accepting applications from 

EXPERIENCED PERSONNEL 

For the following 

CAREER OPPORTUNITIES 

• GARDE MANGER AND HEAD PANTRY 

• SOUS CHff 

• fOOKS — fxporionced 

• PANTRY WORXERS - ixppriencfd 

 if you dflsire idfto! working tonditions in o 

 progressive work environmnnt thot offers 

 exfellent employee benefits, poy, ond 

 rareer opportunities, opply between the 

 hours of 8 om S pm, Mondoy fridoy ot 

THE ST. ANTHONY HOTEL 
Imptoymont Confer 
3 o o I. Travis 
(a t N a v a r r o St. side) tgugl Oppertunlty tmplayer 

Mill «Md 
W s a b M n 

★ d k » A A A "» 
V. W EEK EN D f 
ÇL C ASH IER k 
^ H O STESS -k 

I k 
W M k d n y H o s t e s s ^ 
'jL Coll for oppointinoiitfC 
^ 6 5 3 -91 1 o -k 

A A 'A 'A A A A A A A A A - A A 
Î 
E X P iR lfN C iD 
S 
W A IT R ESS 

1 1 om-4pm shift 

5 days a week 

No Sot. or Sun. work 
Romano Cafe 
3o4 s. Flores 

$$ STUDENTS $$ 

W ork offer school and Saturday 
In a route-building program for 
Son 
Antonio's fastest grow ing newspaper. 

If you ore between the oges of 
13-17 and willing to w ork hard a few hours each day w e con teach you to earn up to $ 5 o weekly! 
Interested? Coll Pete 

826-6878 

An Equal Opportunity Employer 

EA R N 
WHILE YOU 
LEARN 

COMPUTE TRAINING 
WITH THE 
ARMY RESERVE 

M m a n d W o m rn 
Prior NonPrror Srrvica 
Agas: I 8 J5 

Y O U R L O C A L A R M Y THE 
87 U t E N G IN E E R S H A S 
THE F O L L O W IN G JO BS 

• Engr Igtiip Mar h 
• Haovy Equip Oparrjtor 

• Hvy Equip Marhooiri 

• Powcjarwan 
• Morhirrict A Walrfori 

• Fu«»! Syctam Mach 

I -459-oo21 or Moil 
Coupon 
TO: 871 St EN 8N 
46o1 F o lrvle w 
Austin, T* 78731 

NAME 

ADDRESS 
... 

(IIY 

STATE 

PHONE 

7IP 

SERVICE (YES) (NO) 

DATE Of BIRTH 

ARM Y RESERVE 
YOUB lO C A l ARM Y 

 gaO-BslpWsnlgil 

M l 

APARTMENT 

HOUSE 

CARRIERS 

ARCASt 

• Iv r r i td and Wiinbgch 

W ork 3 o o A M to 

6 o o A M 

$ 2 o o TO $ .3oo par mo 

 at accotduig to rout« m i s 

6 73 -1 4 6 7 

An iBLHti o|HP<bt4ttnity fmpkiyor 

' COUPU NEEDED 
AS HOUSE 
PARENTS 

Tor o group Fcwfor horn« for boyt («ntrolly lnrot«(J in Son Antonio. T* fiortd solory ond b«n«fitt 

Fresbyterion 
Childrens Home & 
Service Agency 
224-1756 

WHATABURGER 
ITS OH THE MOVE 
Sint» 1971, wa'v« gmwn 2iO 
(wrcant olmm« 
3 
Hmm 
(ha grawlh rota af th» cntit« fml food industriai 
A pmfnccinn team thot contlnues to grow and leod, Whatrihuigai t grovxth m th* Som Antonio orno nnw re quirnc odditinnol 
MANAGER 
IRAINffS. If yoii ore intarectad in on exitmg comet wiih o dynomtc leod"r in thè fond vrvita m diiUty, send reuime tn 67o1 S flnrec, Suo Antnnin, T» 7K7I4 Ati 
(qual Oppurtiinity (mptnyer 

C ounter H elp 
Norfhwesf Area 

Hrtspitijli lotmn, lifrì 
In iuuantn Poifj vfi. ntion 
,(oy WÍ- k 

Apply At 
8311 Broadway 
Between TO qnd 4 PM 

'W A R t H O U S E M A t V 
Mu*t hove gnnd penmanihtp nnct eyaerlei>r<>rt m alt oh oiri ot war i *noi)ca w oik 
Perm aoortt (oh, 
I Irmgn banntiti Call 3<t ttal tor 
I opt 

ÌH22BoMESTÌC 

# # 5 

• KITCHEN MGR. 
Experience in buying, supervision and food preparation. Solory open 
• COOKS 
Doy & N i^t shifts 
Bayous Seafood 
& Spirit* f 
2 61 7 W a g o n W h e al 
8 3 8 -572 6 

* Y e ifie itîk tr Â r 4 è 'ik ^ f'ir 4 iW 
WANTID NOW f 

'Ex p e rie n c e d D R IV E R for diesel trailer dum p. S2 $ o hr , or S3 75 overtime. 655-2o82. 

Needed im m <yiotely: M E C H A N ^ 
1C tor independent aosotine ptont. 
Located near P e a rto il, T X . E x ­ perience in W aukesha and White 
S u p e rio r E n p ln e . C o ll R u a se il 
Wetts, (512)13*4518. 
Need fouck d rive rs ond mechon- ics for diesel trucks. Coll 492-2191 tar oppt 
____ 
__________ 

AC i 

AUTO 
MECHANIC 
& TECHNICIAN 
MISSION 
CHEVROLET NEEDS 
TRAINED 
TECHNICIANS 
N I A S t. on Chevrolet approved only 

GREAT COMPANY SlNtflTS: 
♦ HOIPITAUZATION 
INSURANCE PLAN 
» PAID VACATION-SICK 
PAY 
* UNIfORM AUOWANCE 
Au equal opportunity employer 

Apply in person to 
Ered 
Vaughn, Morvey Hgley, or 
Iqwrence Jetter 
MISSION CHIVROIIT 
IJOO S.E, MILITARY DR. n i M i m i p E 

B O A T D O C K a U lL O E R 
Per June ond July. M ature m an to hondle production, yard mainten­ ance ond phone ingulrees, prefer teacher or rotlrod m ilitary. $ 5oo per m onth. F lo a tin g D e c k s ot 
Texas, 614-3728 m 733-o68o 
Bobtail T ru ck D r iv e r s wonted, dtesel experience helptui. $ 2 So-$ 3 on hour ond overtim e Com pony benefits. 735-8571 otter 2 pm 
B R IC K L A Y E R S , L A B O R E R S , ond M A S O N R Y S U B C O N T R A C ­ 
T O R S needed immedlafefy. 
655-45o5 
B u sin e ss m achine sotesm an de­ sirin g m anagem ent opportunity with g ro w in g co m p o n y. s a la ry open Call 342 3124 for oppt 
CARPENTERS 
Residential Construction 
349 3544 

 c e n t r a l a i r 

LINE 

TECHNICIANS 

Only quoiifieij persons 

 needed. 
We poy top 

 woges 

 confocf Joe Dalton 
Tom Benson 
Chevrolet 

94oo San Ftdro 

Hxxii irhmlty a 

CONSTRUaiON 

COORDINATOR 

Northside complex is »eking on individuai who «rautd assume re- spons6ility of coordinating all in­ timai construction and rtnovotien projects. IS degree In mechonicol or orcMtecturol engineering re­ quired Position has potentiol for odygncement. Apfdiconts ore en- couroged to submit resume end a sotery history to Express Hews Rox 
No 4367,78297 
OqiHil Opporfuaatty tmptoyor 

 e x p e r i e n c e d 
H E A T IN G 
A N D t e c h n i c i a n with Jou rneym an Cord. Steady work, oyertim e, vocation, good poy. 922-4387. 
Exp erien ced jo u rn e y m a n elec- tric ia n s and h e lp e rs. A p p ly in person B e xa r E le c tric Co. 2o14 
W est Avo. We o re an eoual op- pertunttv emplover 
Experienced insulation installers neodod. Bexor Insulation 22*525o i W 
S '| g '^ y | X " i N 6 " " " C A F 
R E N T E R With o w n tools. C o ll oftor Spw, 3314853 
E X P r 'i E A M S T R E S S « o m a k e eustom-mode shirts. 82*352o 

PSIT s t r i p p e r C A M E R A M A N 
M o n d a y F rid a y for new sp opor, periodical work. Call 735-5219 tor detollt. 
Operotors noarded lor John Deere 
Backhoe ond frock loader. R. B 
Butter Inc. Kingsville. Tx. Eau ol 
Opportunity Em ployer 
$ 6oo Phone Collections or outside colloctina. Coll Sarah_____________ 
PlflMBERS 

EXF SHEET R o « 
Tapers and N oalort, needed Im ­ mediately. 67*4545. 
_____ 
EUNML DESIGNER 
M utt hoyo oxporloneo. 732-o2o5 
FO l I Ï Ô S ' E M lfL Ô Ÿ iîÂl N 
T 
^ 
SU L T A N T S, INC. 54oo M em orial 
Drive, Houston, Tx. 713-869 3716 

 ter opt work. Texas Plum bing Co 
Inc. 12*oo47, wights t-625-o161 
Plum bers helpers, no experience necessary. Apply A th ley P lu m b ­ ing, 915 CraMkwlew 

 p L u M b i n g rITXTSman 
Ham ilton P lu m b in g Co. 217 Bel- don W 3-7S17_________________ 
P rets gfor wanted .'Fulltim e' 
; Come grow with u si A B O ick and 
! Itek experience, including color 
I work. 
' 
T H E P R IN T E R S , INC. 
149-2424 

FORMH^IUiN 
Need experienced Form ico M a n 
! tor shop work. Good miv, steody 
' 'kOtfc- 6S*o2o2, I om-4:3o pm. 
HHHN SETTER S5.oo 
Concreto Fin ish e r $ 4.oo. H elper- 
Open. Inlets, ret. walls, flotwork. 
73*2141, 734-oo13. 
■ 
FountLafion re p a ir trainees, e x­ pense a llo w an c e fo r m en w ith trucks, 732-o761. 
F ro m tn g c o r p e n fe r n e e d e d 2 y e o r s m in im u m e x p e rie n c e , satarv open. Coll 6S8 1366 after 
5pm. 
F u rn itu re r e io i r a n d to u ch u o p erson. P orttm e. E x p e rie n c e d pre fe rre d . N o S m o k in g . G o o d 
Poy. F IS H E R 'S . 145o N E LOOP 
41o. 

FffflFESSIONAlMEGRiiNIC 
M ust be top rate, for used ca r lot. 
G o o d p a y . p le n ty w o rk , g o o d w orking conditions. 
A P P L Y IN P E R S O N 
T R A O E W IN D S A U T O S A L E S 
3oo3 S.W. M IL IT A R Y DR. 

Diesel Bob toil driver. In ond out of town d e liv e ry , sto rt $ 3 o e r hour, m ust h o ve i ye a r e x p e r­ ie n ce , p a id v o c a tio n , o o id hotidovs, com pany insuronce, ap­ p ly in p e r s o n In d u s t r ia l L u bricants, 434 Riverside Dr. 
$ 5oo $ 7oo D R I V E R S local or in- stote, big rigs to vans. Cindy 
E L E C T R IC IA N S 
G r o w in g c o m p a n y r e q u ire s 
C O N D IT IO N IN G S E R V IC E M A N auolltted people tor generol con 
••— 
— 
------ 1— j 
: trocting ond m olntenonce; iour neym en or sim ila r e xperien ce 
Call 661-4251 

ERECTION 
SUPERINTENDENT 

 needed. Experien ce reautred in residentiot end sm all com m ercial system s. T od pay for auaitfied m o n 
P le n ty of w o rk . M a n y c o m p o n y b e n e fits. 
Y O U N G 
P L U M B IN G CO., P o rt L aV o c o . 
Texos 1 552 6733__________________ 
C E R A M IC Tile seHer, perm onent 

 p re c o *. con cre te e re ctio n 
> 5 7 8 2868 vicTorio, 
TX , orim orlly, m ost be oble to w ork y f 
. . . 
----------------¡o u t of tow n. E x p e r ie n c e o n d 
(re fe re n c e s re o u ire d Se n d re- 
C O M P O S T IO N 
_ . . som e to PO Box 9491 5 A Tx 782o4 
Need experienced help for Cold ■¿ ■-w'B '" y x ’p p T 'M T E p '* u 'e7 p £n 
T y«e c o m p o sitio n 
M u s t h o v e j 
Know ledge of ruling, IB M com , poser or pasteup Good pov, ex- i 
.................................. cellent w o rkin g conditions. A lii 
Experienced Corpet 
«nnge benefits. Including p rofit, 
M e c h o n iC S O n d H e lp e r s 
»•’“'■tnu 
I G ood Pay Ste ad y work. Other 

RMMHIESSER immedlote opening in Northsidc tamllv holrcutting shop. 65*3844, osk ter Joe. 
H a ir d r e s s e r o r m a n ic u r is t , 
Piorro O uvol H air Studio 82*5577 
8284751 
H l N | ^ " M l N " t i '.7i h o V y ^ i F ^ ' good lobs open. Rosie 
• m m e J lo L t 'o p e n in g s .' E x p e f - lenced tm oH engine m e chanics needed. R E N T R IT E S E R V IC E 
C E N T E R 
8331 
Broodw ov 
8284476 t N 6 u f y R IA L ''l g A l N W 'g A l i i ^ 
M E C H A N IC needed. M u tt hove excellent knowledege and exper­ ience in ge n e ral build ing m a in ­ tenance, air conditioning, hooting, venHlgtlon and hum idity systam s. 
A lta a lo c trlco l o n d p n a u m atic controlt. Suoorvlsory axparlonca heWfol. Partonol ond oxparianca rotaroncos raaulrad and will ba ce n te cto d . E x c e lle n t b o n o tit packoat. Oanorotly 4o hour weak. 
Writo Personnel Office. Am cricon 
S to te sm o n 
N e w t a o a e r , 
3oo 
G uad alupe, A u stin , T e xa s. A n 
Equal Opportunity Em pleyer. 

P U L L S H O V E L O P E R A T O R for 
LS68 rink belt, experienced per sennel enly. F o r in lo rvlo w call 
655-1922. AWor 657-4178 
R A N C H F O R E M A N w o n te d . 
T h ro e ra n c h o s, total o c re o a o 
15oo, m utt have roforencos and be experienced In all p h o se s ot ranchlnp and farm ing. Send re­ su m e to E x p r e s s N e w s B o x 
NO.«66, 78297. 
Roadng tub controctof n eed ed for general ro o fin g w ork. C o ll for oppt 341 1452. 
S/UISIUN 
For Used C or Lot. M u st hove cx- oe rin e n c e . G o o d C o m m iss io n , 
Clean Cars, we Finance. 
T R A O E W IN D S A U T O S A L E S 
3oo3 S.W. M IL IT A R Y O R 

MACRiNiST 

Proteiiionol B usiness Form s 
3463 E Com m erce 
227 5321 
______ 
C o m m e rc ia l opp hortte se rvice fpihnitian experienced in ronges, dishwoshers, ovens ad disposals 

 benaHits Apply In person ot: 
O’Krent Floor Covering i 
3oo Son Pedro 
E X P E R I E N C E D M 6S G E A D E R 
U'Viw uï„er> , uvvifi uo uix»ausui>. i 2 p « i ^ ^ p Íl^ M ef ^**3 4 4*7M 2 ' 
Mus» be reliable, am bitious ond | 
' ' ‘*7 

Experienced, willing to work, ap ­ ply in p e rso n o n ly, P r e c is io n 
^ n u to rtu rln g Co, 4$ 4t Sincloir 

 miCRINllTRflPER 
H e rd w orker, w illin g to lo o m , o p p ly In p e rs o n . P r e c is io n 
Monutacturtng Co. 4546 S ln d o ir 

“ ‘‘■ M À ii4 t è H A N c l''i» ô « k ¥ « ''' h e n liu f »nr*rio“h T o p ?.m f I I S 'íTT»') ' * xperienced Johnson"Y v T ñ íü d e i Po»ttlpn gvVMloblo Roguiros high benefits tor right person 735 781) i m echonic, hove norm oi me j »'»»««' praduotian + 2 vrs polni- tor appointment 
C oncrete co n stru ctio n nteded- skilied and unskilled iob ortrt 
6 5 3 7 7 2 3 

 ch anic toots. 4o hr w ork week 
52oo per week it audlified Cali 
648 1341.____________________ 
Experienced Á B Dick 36o óftset 
P r o s s m o n w on te d . C o ll C o p y 
Shop Instont Printing, 826 3255. fe x p e rio n c td R e sid o n L io i trim carpenters. 684-4722, 34 > 3253 
E X P E R I E N C E D H a ir d r e s s e r 
N e e d e d 
W e d g e w e o d B e a u ty 
Solon 67o1 Blanco 342 9457 

 mg «xperlence and som e general molntenonce exp. Reguiret basic knowledge of pointing ond moln- len e n ce e a u ip m a n t a n d lo o ls. 
Hours lun-Thur. 8-5. For turiher informohen contoct Univ. Of Tex­ o s ai San Antonio Personnel O f­ fice 691-S2S8. U T SA iS AN E O U A L 
O P P O R T U N IT Y A F P IR M A T IV E 
AC T IO N E M P L O Y R R 

C O N S T R U C T IO N F IR M 
Needs two Northwest 8oo Shovel ooerotors, one tor Stockdole orea, and one in Son Anionio Area. Also need H aul truck d riv e r for Son 
A n to n io a re o Tw o m e c h a n ic s needed, one for San Antonio and one lor Stockdole Leo P Cloud 
Jr ond Son, 1 G North Broadw ay E x p e rie n c e d M e c h o n ic . m u st ! Prefer foreign ca r or diesel ex- 
ST A T IO N , Son Antonio, Tx 78217,1 n q y , tools G ood so lo ry A p p ly 
¿ « d e n c r o S o d w a rM 
(512) 494^981 i 
1'I.IXJ.J. t 
• "»«'‘«lie*. iMprk Is com - 
D O O R IN S T A L L E R w A N T B o, i (Experienced bott and blown m- mission and guarantee bosit experien ce helpful. P e rm a n e n t! sutotion instoliers. Too com pony, work Coll ti1-2jil3 ori8L-1 7M 

MEGRANIC 

[XPÌE55 6ND N IW S 
I poid benefits 
494 3557 
Alom o insuiotion 
BRQIRÍRTQN MOTORS 
213o A U S T IN H W Y 

SBPvtesm-MirtitiE 

 iRCiMstnKtion 
IfflRpMIt OiStPlOfltOP 
E xp e rie n ce In Iraub le ohootina and ra p o ir ot m e c h a n ic a l, h y ­ draulic and D C elactrleol system s required. G ood s a la ry and ban- etits. C ali 512-732-2131 a r tend resum e to 

,.Cl.,lNi. 
PO Box 73M, fan Antonfo, 782o7 
T H B t E ) L A $ l R M Y n a t i o n a l 
G U A R D H A S O P E N IN S F O R : 
C O O K S . . . M E C H A N IC S . . . C O M ­ 
M U N IC A T IO N S 
F IR E D I R E C ­ 
T IO N P E R S O N N E L - C L E R K S - 
C A N N O N E E R . .T R U C K 
D R IV E R S ..F IN A N C E 
, S P E C IA IL iS T S 
One weekend per month and two i »kifMas in sum m er 512-22*2691 
T RU CK D R IV E R 
W A REH O U SE H E L P 
' M ust Hove Cem m erciol License 
, A P P L Y IN P E R S O N ; 
R A M S l> L U M B IN (x C O 
11o1 B R O A D W A Y 

TRUCK DRIVERS 
N e e d e x p e rie n c e d d r iv e r s in m oving houtenoid goods. 
Apply In p erson; 
A U S T IN V A N * S T O R A G E 
7992 W 6 B B L E S R P 
•HUCX DRIVER« 
I Full time or port time. Need mo»> i with M ’/*T or larger truck to pull i «ur troiler and deliver pertoble 
! bldps. Heavy eouipment or wide 
; toad experience desireoble. Hom e 
; every night. $ 19.ooo v r and up 
92*5oo3 
: Y R liiW 6 r I v I r ,"Co m m e rc ia l license, cteon d r iv in g re c o rd , 
Spanish speaker, kn ow ledge of 
Son Antonio. J L M ayfield Co., inc i on E E O em ployer 828 1331 
; T R U C K M E C H A N IC with exper iente. M ost hove own tools 24o 
New Larede Hwv. 
W o iu e i ~6xperTenced soii driIier ond logger 27*4823.8 to 5 ________ 

FKAAAING 
CONTRACTORS 
NEEDED 
Mutt bt Exp«ritnc«d 
655-4o1o 

 y B A R T IN O C R -W A iT R iSS il ^ 

 j 
• Experience preferred, J 
1 |l but not neeessory 
^ 

F 
C o m e b y o r eoH ty n ri if 
5 TIFFANY’S 
; 

F 
3 3 8 Volley HI 
« ¡ 
!ì 
6 7 3 - 5 1 1 7 
J 
I W e-A-drYbA-Arilrdr u s - H o m e ’ 
SHAKEYS 
IS NOW HIRING 

★ 
COOKS 

 i t BEER TENDERS 
Fart time and weakends 
Must ka Hnnast and dean cut 
Apply ia Ferson 
7o74 Sun Pedro 

8 2 2 - 3 3 1 9 
[quo! Opportunity f mployer 

C O M M naA l RfHiratRATIOII and 
AHI CONDITIONING SfRVKI 
SiRVKEMAN 
• 
Needed for immediote employ ment 
• Frafer supermarket axporience 

• At least S yaart ecparianca rpEtdrwd 
8 28 -S526 
N eal oggresslve wattrasses ler new W estern Ballroom . Apply - weekdays 
9om-4pm 
378$ 
Roosevelt 

I 
EXPERIENCED PUMP | 

1 
TRUCK DRIVER 
* i until Commardol licansa i 

 t 
Will consider training j 

> Alexander's 
1 

 i Roto-Rooter 
1 
1 call fo r o g p t . 
1 

1 
224-6126 

Need aiffroctlve cock foil hosless, and bartender for new Bocrne 
Club • 1232 S Main, Boeme, Ts. t-249-S4»4. 
Ne«^ siiig'le person for yeor round kitchen help. Call 512 238-445$ between 9am-tlom No Sunday calls 
é ñ í''ÍÜ Íó fore L a d y tor S olad 
PreporoHan, Etc Work ina hours from 12 noon-6 pm Alta need o i D ish w a sh e r; and a C o o k 's 
! Hotper, apply in parson of Oily 
Orton's New Swiss Chalet at 1o1) 
N E Loop 4)o 
Vi/ÄlTRESSfeS, clean, exper lenced, reliable. 
L o P a im e 
Rastouranf 7oo S. Santa Rota (no phone colls) 
WMino 
SemMrailer mechanics, welding experlanec neeessory- Ace Weld- in| A Troiler Co. 9o8 Nogallfos 

W ork in the h isto ric toon of 
Gruene on the Guadalupe River. 
Experienced bor and kitchen help needed. Call 1-*2*9o11 or 629-23o3 or apply In person at Oruone Hall - 
In New Brounfoit offer 12 noon 
Wed-Thurt 
$ • 6o NUor«hout« Por«m (ifi $ $ . 
RHiiiRiNHr tuoervlt« 3o. Soroh 
'Young aee»''6ssive company with unique odvancement opportunity has immediote opening avaiiabte for R E S T A U R A N T M A N A G E R , to handle two smoll units in the 
Hill Country Mutt be wllllnp to relocate Salary plus bonuses 
Please coll for i»peintment, 1 
(512)257-3343 
1 

2 . w Ì ¥ ''Ì A b i o f i i l t N i i i i h wonted far Wichita Fails oreo. 
Top w ages by old asfablished compony. (817)721-7155. 

 gt8FQoD4ilMRRVtCES 

AHrdctiva axperlenced Borten- drest and Waitresses. Piovt aool, 
5114 S. Press 
SeOMipNantBil 

M is& B H m iw s 
; B À R f E N d i R C l l . WH'i fraln. 
Apply in person. Restaurant-Bor 

Bu ried u n d er a stack o f b ills? 

MANY PiOPU IN SAN ANTONIO 
HAVE JOINED THE EXPRESS ADUIT 
CARRIER PROGRAM WHY? 
INPUTION BEING WHAT IT IS, OUR ADULT CJLRRIER p r o g r a m ALLOWS PEOPLE LIKE YOU TO EARN AD­ 
DITIONAL INCOME TO HELP PAY THOSE BILLS THAT 
COME DUE EVERY MONTH OUR REQUIREMENTS ARE 
DEPENDABLE TRANSPORTATION. 2 3 HOURS EVERY 
MORNING AND THE DESIRE TO EARN FROM 
*2oo . to - *3oo per mo- 
FOR M O R i IN FO RM ATIO N C A U 
225-7411 
9.S Ext. 126 
An equal opportunity om pioyor 

Mobil Hom e P ork a««lata>n( M on og«r n e -d -d for N o n n n d e Coii ole tn m o n n a e o n d m o ln to tn prnperlv 
Coil tor nopoinlment, 
699 »59o 

 i BaibviU ter Inr intont w e e k d o v i 
I virlntity Bnndorq onat H iltrreit 
I 435_798o ______________ ^ 
B A B Y S I T T E R w onted b e fo re 
1pm, own trgnspnrtotinii 733 o1^4 
Chllaf core fnr i> vnor old girl 
M on 
Thor*. 7 1o 
5 15, F ri 7 >o 
. 12PM No housework. $ 1oo per mo 14* >943 nr 341 6161 ext >86 
H O U S É K E E P K B , 3 »choot a hil dren, most have refercnres 
142 3797___________ l i v f IN C O M P A N IO N lo r'o T ilir 
I ody linht h n ii«e ke e p ln g nnd rn n kin g P re fe r 5o y rt nf oge. prtwolf' morn ond both 
Solory 
876 *518 

M O T EL M A IO S 
Full time work Apply in person only, 1(1 am 4pm, no phone rnlis 
C O N T IN E N T A L INN 
_______ 9735 IH 15 N O R T H 
Neaided o1 once idaile’s’ lio w ork 
.frn m hom e, e x c e lle n t e o rn in g oppty Lutler Com estic 341 9277 
Need 2 truck slop ottendani* ser vice men niahl shift, 5 dux week, m a tu re , w ttlin a w o rk e r, p e rm a n e n t (oh. T e x o co T ru ck 
Center O n * A S o t T ru c k M o p 
Stort $ 66o month, all appiirohon* to; A.J P lo th Oil Co , Inc $ 747 
Dietrich 
Rd 
No phone coil* please 
Need 2 truck slop ntteiadant* ser­ vice men, night shift, 5 dov week, m gture, w illing w orker, perm on ent lob, Texaco Truck Center G as 
* e o t T ru c k sto p 
S to rt $ 66o month, oil op p licotions to A j 
Ptech Oil C o , Inc 5747 Dietrich 
Rd. No phor>e calls please 

I ivo in h ou se ke e p e r fnr nlili r indy iniisl hove ri'fe re n ri's fo il 
>33 >n?i doys, 342 S79> evos 
__ 
L iv e tn h o u se k e e p e r fnr Ind v, privole room, bO*h 
69o IITS* 
J Idm fpm _ 
______ 
_ 
Live in m old experienred, snmii n n g lis h p re fe rre d , onorj p o v , reta^rences C o ll 142 4466 
______ 
L iv e in m o ld w o n te d tor housework nnd child rp rc M ust sp e o k 
G n a lls h 
R e f e re n c e s required. 653 « 1 4 1 _____________ 
I ive in mnid, moturo, to do light housekeeping and caire tor 2 chit- dren fo il otter 3FM, »?; >789 
Llve ln M on F rI for hobvsittinq. life h o u se k e e p in g d u rin g su m ­ m er Call 684 3967 

Coitvtnienct Store Monagomeiit 
Choice of career plans and locoLions 
Shift aiTang«m«nt or contract for salary and commission 
★ PAID V A C A T IO N 
★ FREE INSURANCE 
★ B O N U S PLAN 
Lone Star Ice & Food Stores 
3 o o W . Jones Ave* tn to rv lo w B 1-4 p .m . w o o k d a y » 

'O ld e r cou ple to live In M o b ile 
Hom e and work m Country Store, evening shift 
333 251o a.eon 
Rem tev 
PATBQLMEIII 
Apnty m pereon 4414 Centerview 
Suite 16o between Ioom-4pm 
Persons neeOed la> troin for port tim e w ork os L A D Y P A C K E R S tor liKOl m oving gnd stawege firm. 
Regtilrem ents or# - m ust hnve car and telephone Apopty in person f.fpm weekdays 
Town« Services 8921 Aere Lone 
| 
Equal Opportunity em ployer 
| 
R e f e re n c e * 
E x p e r ie n c e d in 
Apartm ent O aerotinn and M a in | tenqnce R e p ty 
E x p r e s s B a x ' 
7951, P O Box 2171, S A Tx 78797 
RMirail Or SiM-RsHrotf 
I 
M ohire couple os Assisfonf Man- 
OPtr of smoM tirsi rip s* Sun An fcinio motel, furnished aparim ent, full motel m onogem ent could fnl low E x p e rie n ce not n e c e ssa ry buthniptail Write the e x p re ss and 
N e w * B o x N o 4371 se n d in g gli quallfirations and reference* 

Live In position open tor m pluru, re sp o n sib le w nm on to co re tor two ch ild re n ond m o n o g » h o u ­ sehold 
M ust hove references. 
492 7o87 
N e e d m o to re b o b v s it t e r. ' m v hom e, w n e k d o v s, 9 o m - 6om 
Ju dson School O istrict 657 281o after 6 pm _________ 
R e lia b le w o m a n tor ch ild ca te ond housework 2 d ov* O wk R e f s and own transp required North- west 341 6415 Otter 6 3o__________ 
R e rD o n sT b i'e 'p e rso n needed to live-in 633 9456 Otter «pm M r s 
Oa rta , onytlm e Sot Sun. 
S p a n is h s o e a k ln o m a id fo r 
Thiirsdov or Friday, m ust have cor ond references 497 1834 
W anted housekeep er for yn u n g fomily. live-in. pay reasonable 
828 8738 

6?4SIWIol>IS>lfAII(TED 
A rrou niont. B $ Degree. Texas 
C P A ilrense fom petiflve, diver sified experience Avoiloble June 
>f)fh Cnil 533 9o65 Offer 7pm 
A lfrp c tiv e , o m b ilio u s g irl, >9. wont* recepflonlsf lob, life lyping, g enerol oHice 696-1923 __________ f ollege 5r,’C r lm "'lu * r m ai, need”* oft, eve ond wkend w ork 
Type 
5Qwpm. som e axe on to key and receptionist 
L o o m quick ly 
655 o298 

ROUTE DRIVER to se rv ic e flow er sta n d s $ 12o g u a ra n te e d or c o m m iss io n . 4 d n y * Coll 699 o281 

★ ★ ★ A 
A A » 
★ 
★ 
★ 
★ 
★ 
-k 
WANTED 
J 
HIGH SCHOOL GRADUATES ^ 

C M in MINDID MGSESUVI YOUNG MEN 

S E C U R IT Y G U A R D (non-sm oker please) opply >o>2 Hillside M a n ­ or 831o Goult Lane 828 o6o6 
Shok leu Natural Vttomins, spore time sales business 684-456o 
1,ooo's of Jobs- 1oo‘s of choices 
Ouollty new. earn and learn 
GO A R M Y 222 »817 or 653 o892 

C ollege Student w a n l* su m m e r lob working for o veterm orian I om Willing to work Please call 
1 » a *4 94 
■ C Ö I Ö R E O L o d y w a n ts d o y s work Ret N o transportallon Colt 
225 o 
o 
9 
8 
_______________ 
C O M M E R C iA L ' S P A C E ' C ought short w ilhoul adequale copie* nt your leosa spoee lavout»? E xp e r lenced d ra tlsm o n w ill uoduto. drow ond total sau are foolages 
1 679 3112 öfter 7 weekdoys, onv time Weekends 
_________ 
T' w ö n f* 
4 doys 

STUDENTS 

2121 N. St. ter Glodyt. 
B ü s'p ao p ü -'p arí^ t'é o r leanogert. 

 for growing energy conservation field 
Sharp appearartce to make on-sight job in- spections. Train to cost-out jobs. Starting salary To ISOO. 

Coii 3 4 1-1 4 3? h r psrsGooi infturiBw 
9 -1 1 13o o-m. or 1 i3o*3i3o p.m. 

 needed to sell flowers, $1 75 an hr or com m ission 
828-6822 
S U M M E R j o b ' »iom-Tp’m r 

* 
{ 

{ 
«SUMME« WORK 
819oPÍRWÍEK 

D e p . r e l i a b l e l a d y h o i t s e c l e u n l n g 
2, 
3 o r 
5 3 6 o 2 8 2 

E x p e r i e n c n a i in E Í i T e V i y 'd o r e 
N o liv e in C o l l 2 2 3 9 7 1 2 

 i * p a i r T ë n e e d r e g ì * 1e r é d c li i i d 

 c o m m i s s i o n , s n o w c o n e t r u c k 
O f fa c e in C a s t l e H i l l s 
3 4 4-1 6 o« o H r 
2p m ______________ 
_ 

, c o r e in m y h o m e d o s e t o U S A A 
C o lt 6 9 9 o 2 8 1 o r I o n d m e d i c o l c o m p l e x 6 8 4 6 7 2 1 

L i c e n s e d V o c o t t o n a l n u r s e w o n » * h o m o n u r s i n g , i ly e - ln c o n s i d e r e d , c o lt m o r n i n g s , 6 9) 1 4 4 3 

 m u s t l i v g c l o t e a n d h a v e c o r . A p ­ p l y I n p a r s o n o n l y T u e s - S u n d o y 
* 4 . G r a y M 
^ 
I n n . 

C O C k Y a I L W 
A t f R C S S w o n t e d , f u l l a n d a o r t t i m a , 7 p m - 2 a m . 
O o v l a 's B i l l i a r d s 1 o 4 D a n o i d s e n 
7 3 2 -7 4 o 1 

 liLlflT W PIB U 
I n d i v i d u a l f o r a r l v o f o p o l i c a d i s p a t c h 
A n e x c i t i n g o p p o r t u n i t y w i t h t h e r e c o g n l i e d l e a d e r i n t h e i n d u s t r y 
A l l s h i f t s a v a i l a b l e 
E s p e c i a l l y s u i t e d f o r t h e m o t u r e w o m a n C a l l 7 3 * 4 6 3 6 f o r o p p t 

CDDNTER Hap 

M u s t b e o H r a c t l v e a n d h o v e n e o T a p p t a r o n c e . 
A p p l y in p e r s o n 

W h op p e riiu rge i* 
2V22 weit 
1 o : 1 o o t w ~ 2 p m 
Ave. 

APARTMENT MiyilAeER 
F o r s m a l l c o m p l e x . ( n o t m e i n - t e n o n c e i o b ) . M a r r i e d w o m a n w it h p r o v e n r e t o H s o l e - t y p e o b ll l- t y p r e f e r r e d N o c h i l d r e n . .1 4 9 -2 2 9 3 

A P T 
M 
À N 
Ì G 
E R , f o r 
« m o l i b u H d i n a C o l l 2 2 * o 9 3 1_________________ 

A s s i s t a n t to m a n a g e r R e s t a u r a n t o n d m o t e l e x p e r i e n c e 2 2 5 o 3 5 6 

LADY PACKING 
SPECIALISTS 
• ixcellent s a l a r y gnd worfcinq ronditions 

 a F o r t t im e 

 a W e II i r a i n 

P I d t e l f o r m i i i t g r y w iv e s 

 o n d c o lle g e s t u d e n t s 

• T e le p h o n e g n d 

 t r o n s p o r t o l ie n n e c e s s a r y 

 tq u o t O p p o rlu n it y im p t e y e r 

A p p l y b e t w e e n 1 - 3 

 p . m . t o 

M i l d r e d R o u s c h u b e r 
CENTRAL MOVING 
& STORAGE 

I T 5 o o N . l o o p R d . 

A S S T M A N A G E R f o r a p t c o m p l e x n e a r L o c k l o n a , e x p e r i e n c e d o n l y n e e d o p p l y C o t l 6 7 4 -4 6 2 1 f o r o p p t 
OinCOQK 
A p p l y t O - 1 2 H l l l e l d e M a n o r 8 3 1 o 
G o u lt L o n e . 8 2 8 -o 6 o 6 
( n o n - s m o K o r 
■ oleose) 

' e x p e r i e n c e d B a r t e n d e r w o n t e d . 
T h e S t o c k m a n R e s l o u r o n l , o p p l y 
(n p e r s a n , 
* 6 o m , 
4 o 9 
E 
■ Commerce. 

E x p e r i e n c e d L o s h i e r , f o o d s e r , v i c e i l o m 
- 5 p m . S u n d o v s o f f 
W r i t e E x p r e s s B e x 4 3 4 7 S A 7 8 2 9 7 

E x p e r i e n c e n i g h t c o e k 2 -9 

. 
2 2 5 -o 3 5 6 

É x T f o T n c o m e ■ . g e n e r a l l o o d s e r v i c e d e g n i n e 5 - i o p m , S u n d o y s o ft W r i t e S e x 4 3 4 7 5 A . 7 8 2 9 7 
HALlEUUAHHOLLmOQ 
W A I T R E S S E S W A N T E D 
I 
1 o 1 2 7 C o o e h l i g n t 3 4 1 3 4 4 8 
1 
A P P L Y A F T E R 7 P M 
AARAM’SWEST 
W 
A I T R E S S n e e d e o , n o t x p e r l e n t e n e e e s s o r y , w e i r o l n y o u 
A p p i y 9 3C o m o r o t t e r 2p m o t > 2 i 
N 
Z o r t o m o r o 

A T T E N D A N T W A N T E D to w o r k 
O t l o u n d f o m o t M o n F r i . $1 5 o o n h r . L a c k l a n d K e t t y o r e o . 6 7 4 -7 8 4 3 
( p r e f e r w o m o n ) 

888o OPPORTUNITY 
R e t a l i l iq u o r c h o i n n e e d s f u ll t i m o s o i a s C l a r k f o r n o r t h s i d e S t o r e s 
A p e o v e r 3 $ p r e t e r r e d . R e t o i i e x - p e r i e n c e e t s o m e k i n d p r e f o r r e d . n o t n e c e s s a r i l v l i a u o r t 
P o l y e r a p h t x o m r e g u i r c d 
A H t o m p q n y b e n e t i t s 
A p p l y O o ia ’i A 
B « n 's O t t i c a 6 o o 3 W e s t A v e 
Q t 
L o o p 4 1 o 

WANNA OANCE? 
A (MSI fonce studie is new open ond taking opp^tMem trom ot troctlvi «mN goomod m«» end women tor 

 a R e c e p t io n is t 
• In s t r u c t o r s 

 a S u p e r v is o r s 
• In t e r v ie w e r s 

 a M o » i » g * r T r o i n e e s 

 fi«r tn o n th e q ro u n d H o w m q n ew 

 c o m e p t o f q n o N o d y e a p a n d m g 

 q lq m a u r m d u iliy 
L r p e u e n c i’ or 

W * II trom , tulf 
Of p o it tim e 

D n lim ite d r q in m a i o n d od 

 v o fu e m e n t p o te n tial 
, 
A p p l y I " P « r » « « ® «»y b e r w e e n 

’ s : ; 4 i'', .5 3 S 
. r 
3 2 3« NW 1. o. *1 o 

B e t w e e n W o n d e r l o n d o n d 

V o n c e J o f k s o n 

^ _ _ _ J f o x i _ d o o r j e j o o J l ^ ^ 

■W g M i g Y l ( l » T W a r g i T ^ S i 

CALL 341*22o5 

M o l e h i p h s c h o o l s e n i o r n e e d s m b t o s o v a f o r c o t l e e e 
P r e v i o u s e x - p e n a n c e I n t y e i n e . b o o k k e e p i n g , 
I n v e n t o r y , s t o c k , c u s t o m e r s e r v i c e , c o s t l i e r . L o v e w o r k i n g w it h p e o p le c :g H o n y t l m # 4 2 9 3 8 1 5 

M o l e , 2 4, 2 y e o r c o l l e g e e x a e r l a n e # p h y s i c a l e d u c o t i o n m o f o r w i l l t r y a n y t h i n g b u t s o l e s . C o l l j H 2 5 9 1 7 o H e r 5p m 

M o t u 'r * ' ''w o r n i a n ' ' s e e S I n è " e m ' p i o v m e n t i n c h i l d c o r e c e n t e r . 
I n u r s e r y o r q s t e a c h e r s o i d e 

. 1 
E m B lt t e irfd '^ ( J 'h ìià 
"in m y h o m e 
N e o r 
M c C r c f o s s 
S h o p p i n g 
C i t y 
! 13) $ 451 

 i R e g i s t e r e d c i i l i d r o r e 
S c h e d u l e d 
S W A i r S y s t e m s n e e d s 1 6 t r a i n e e * { o c t i v i t i e s . L u n c h a n d S n a c k s l o s t o r i w o r k i m m e d l o f e l y d u e f o : S r h e i i r 6 5» 4 8 9»___________________ 

• N n ''p x n r r i * n r > M e r e . x n r v 
' R s g t s f o r e d n u r s e l i v i n g m E i O o 

. S S p f o A d ? a r ^ . m e n t ' 
! « M h m 
V ' '' * * N m i h e « t ‘"'• » • c7 m n ' 
C o l l f o r i n t e r v i e w 6 5 6 5 3 3C 
( k s H m 
'* ® ” H e o * t s e c t i o n 

T E ) x i ) S 
A R M 
Y ' G U A « t 6 " l f o ' s ; p « V i r T d ' n r n i e 
'h i. ai— i n e f i r e d p r o te ss lO P U l M e t e o r o i o g i s t , ) o -f- v t o r s . S o u t h T e x o s a r e a , d e s i r e s p o s i t i o n m S o l a r 

SUMMER WORK 

$ 5 2 o- 

 p o r t t i m e o a e n l p q 
M u l t i c h o n n e i 
O o e r o t o r s , T e l e p h e n e ( n s f a l l e r * ; 
T e l e p h o n e R e p a i r m a n ; o o k s , , c , , i - 
F v . n m « * 
M e c h a n i c s ; S w i t c h o o o r d O p e r o ; f o r s 
W i l l t i o i n w it h p a y 
2 4 h r * h o m e c o r e , c o o k i n g . 

5 t ? 2 2 6 -2 o 1 o 

 s e a r c h R e p r e s e n t a t i v e h a t o p e n > 
In e f o r s u r v e y w o r k 
P a r t t i m e 
G e t t i n g a t t i t u d e s a n d o p i n i o n s ot 
P r o d u c t s o n d i d e o o 
N o s e l l i n g o r l o u s h o u r s , e v e n i n g s o n d w e e k e n d s H o u r l y p o y 
M u t t h o v e p r i v a t e l in e R e p l y m o w n h o n d w r l t i n g . I n c l o s e y o u r t e l e p h o n e 

OS CENSUS eUREAO 

N E G 
O 
S P 
E R 
M 
A 
N 
E N 
T 

P A R T - T I M 
E 

F 
I E 
L 
D 

I N 
T 
E 
R 
V 
I E 
W 
E 
R 
S 

$ 3 . S B P 
E 
R 
H 
O 
U 
R 

I S ’ i C o n U P e r M i l e 

C a r A l l o w a n c e 

 r e c r e o i i n n a n d i h e r o p v 
H o u r s v e r y H r x i b i e 
W i l l c o r e t o r e n t i r e h o u s e h o l d 6 8 4 > 2 3 3_______________ 

R N , m q n y y e a r s e x p r r l e n c e m e b s t e t r i c i o l n u r s i n g , s o m e p s v c h l o t r y 
I n t e r e s t e d i n w o r k i n g d a y s , p o r t t i m e 
3 4 6 2 8 3 6 

 i a c t o l i m p a c t w o r k e r w i t h b o j c h e f o r o f a r t s d e g r e e i n s o c i o l o g y f r o m S o u t h w e s t T e x o s U n i v e r s i t y 
1 o n d 1 y r a t e x p e r i e n c e 6 5 8 4 3 3» 

I S t u d e n t w o n t s r a o t o n a b l e p o r t - 
I t * m e s u m m e r l a g , w i t l i n g I s l e a r n 
. . . . j C o M S h e r y l . » 2 8 1 6 8 7 

2 F i e l d i n t e r v i e w e r s n e e d e d t « l T e x a s Á A M g r o d u o L e w it h B Í in 
, ...... .. 
I i n t e r v i e w s l o ! A g r o n o m y w o u l d l ik e o t o b tn f o e 
■ n u m b e r t o E x p r e s s o n d N e w s B o x i 5, 
? 
' l i a f e l e r t i l i t e r i n d u s t r y 
W i l l c o n s i d e r 
1 N o 5 2 2 7, 7 8 2 9 7 f o r o u p h o u t B e x o r g n d G u o d o i u p * | o t h e r a r e a s o f a g r i c u l t u r e 
C o u n t » « « . A o o r o v 4 o t i o u r « p e n l i 3 .4 f M 
4 3f m o n t h , g l u t c i<*iiIh o n <fI w o r k o « o « I 

 r e q u i r e d 
P o i d I r o i n i n g 
P e a u i r | 
¿ a a T l n f o n m a m e n t s 
U S c i t i i e n . h i g h s c h o o l is r I S y i « 1 w r l w í s Y f n J» f v f s T » » • » e q u i v a l e n t , p a s s 3 o m i n u t e w r i t t e n ; w ( It o r r i y e S A | n jujy^.^ 6 5 3-7 7 9 7____ 

B a t h e r B r u s h e r w a n t e d f o r D o g g r o o m i n g l o b 
E x p e r i e n c e d e s i r e d N o r t h w e s t , 6 9 8 2 2 4» 

BeBllne 
226-23R3 

 l A S M l l ' i " " F O R 
: 
G I F T S H O P 
P o r t t i m e S o t 1 P M V P M , S u n 
9 A M 3 P M 
2 2 5 -2 5 8 1 
E x t 
5 3 8, M r - 
Haine. 
! 

C A S H I E R H E L P , 5 1 3 o p e r h o u r , 
2 o -4 o h o u r s p e r w e e k ( e v e n i n g * a n d w e e k e n d s ) , S t o p N G o , 3 o 4 t 
R h g p s o d v D r 

COMPANY EXPANOINO 
P o r t t i m e l o b * 
$ 9 5 o w e e k 
F u l l T i m e S o m m e r 
P o s i t i o n s A v o i i Q b i e 
$ 1 9 o e » r w e e k 
F o r i n f o r m a t i o n c a ll 
34112®____ 

I I V O U t i k e e n t e r l o i n m e n l , y o g 'l i l i k e l o w o r k f o r u s . W e n e e d 4 s f u d e n t s w h o w a n f t o m o k e g o o d m o n e v o n d o f t h e s o m e l i m e , g e t s o m e f o u r n g l i s m e x p e r i e n c e C o ll 
« 1* 
o 6 2 3, A s k f o r H e n r y 
____________ 

I n v e n f o r y f o o Ío w ' ) K i e < r h e i p ™ o i r e s f o e k , e x c e l i e n t c a m m i s s i o n f o r r e o i e s t a l e b s f o r , n e e d l í t e n s e : 
9 2 4 4 1 o 9 
A L L B E A L T Y , v i " (n " W E 'k K Í N O " R iL t f 't » I w o r k l n g w it h m e n S o m F r | f o s p m 
S u n 7 1 4 7 o 8 4 
! 

S ^ a í n t e n a n c e m o n w i t h l o r g e g p o r f m e n t c o m p l e x p i u m p i n g , I e l e c t r i c a l o n d h e o f l n g e x p e n e n c e I e s s e n t l o i 
L o c o l r e f e r e n c e s ; r e g u i r e d 
A p t f u m 
A p p i y 
1 1 6; 
V o n d e r h e c k 

 t e s t , h o v e o u t o m o b t i e , m o s t b « ' T w o T e e n g g e G i r l * w o n t b a b y s i t 

 r -‘ Í2¡ 
III 
L I 
DELIVERY 
M u s t h o w o w n c o r , n e a t o p o e o o n c e , s o t a r v p l u s g a s 
C o H 
7 3 4 2 3 4 6. 
. 
. 
Ì 

D e l i v e r if’ p e r s o n , Ÿ íie A o o t h a t o r y 
S n o p , 
3 2 3 
N a v o r r o . 
A p p l y 
In . p e r s o n . j 
DOORMAN 
~ i 
F o r l u x u r y o p t e o m p l t * | n p m 
7 o m s h i f t . 
B e t e r e n e e s i 'k s ' À M'i 
" 
à 
'« ' ' 

îî, t ! ; ; ; s ‘t *fe "'r 2 Ä o n Y l ^ h S u ? 
EXPERIENCED h ® * * * o o o o p o v , c n « n î m 

M a i n t e n a n c e m e n f o r N o r t h w e s t o p t c o m p l e x 3 4 9 -6 1 8 4 

 o v o i i o b i e f o r d a v o n d o r e v e n i n g w o r k 
A t t e n d o 3 d o y i r a i n i n p s e s s i O f l i n O o l i Q S . T x 
T r o n s p o r - t o tio t t p g i d , e x p e n s e s r e l m b u r s e d 
Q u o i i f i e d n p p i i c o n t s w ill b e t e s f o d o n d i n t e r v l e w e d b v o c e n s u s r e p r e t e n t o t i v e »n S u n A n t o n i o 
P e r s o n * m e e t i n g t b e o b o v e r a r o u i r e m e n t s . o o o > v l n P e r s o n f o 
» » 1 6 T t x o s E m o f o y m e n » C o m m i s ­ s i o n , 1 o 1 5 J o c k s o n K e l l e r R o o d . 
S a n A n t a s n io . o n a>r b e t ö r e T u e * , d o y . M O V 3 t. » 9 7 7 

 b e t w e e n t - S P M M o n P r i . 

M A N A G E R T R A I N E E S 
D C A R W A S H H E L P 
A N 

FASHION UNO TWENTY 
C o s m e t ic s - o o r t t im * o VOI la b te 
M o to re w o m o n only. C o il 34«-tg9l 

15 22 5 » 6 6 * 
I » o9155 ONO N f W 5 

N e e d e d fuit o r o o rt tim e 
A p p ly 
4476 
F r e d e ric k 5 b u rg 
R d 
8A M 1 1 A M ________ __ 
(Ud "6 ìì' l 
ì " ' m ò m e d r i v e r a n d 
S E R V I C E 
M A N 
A P P L Y 
IN 
P E R S O N 
M I S S I O N M O B I L E 
H O M E S , 11o6 A U S T IN H W Y 

OS DEPT OF COMMERCE 
Burisau o f the Census 

E a u g l O p o n rtu n ily E m p lo y e r 
(E m p lo y e r P a id A d ) 

 t in g lo b f o r s u m m e r 
E x o e r - lenced NW oreo 4U.$ 475 
V e r s o fiie fe e n o g e r, o n x in u s for s u m m e r e m p to v m e n t, q u o iit 'e d o n d d e p e n d o b t i- y o r d w o r k , stockboy, etc C oll 696-1944 o sk for 
Robert 
________ _ 
W o re h o u se m on, lonMor, g o * $ lo lion ottendeni «57 o239 i W ill do c h ild ca re in m y horne” Woi 
! iu n rh e s, o o p s 2 5 $ 25 oo o w eek, 
' will Oick up if n e c e ssa ry 654-o8o8 j oW er 5 18 p m 
W ould like o d d r t s s in g enve lop es, 
; telephone so licitin a . b o b v siftm g , etc E x p 657 3962 or 655 7o78 
W n uid "u k ilo V T o T iin o c o re ot ei- d e riy or sirk p e rso n H q s e » o *r lence o n d tra n sp o rta tio n 
«54-o931 

 t r 

WAREHOUSE DRIVER need to m m e rc io i license, fork lift h e lp tu i ett S o t o n d S u n O v e r 
$ 1oo 
W eek to sta rt 
2«9 W 
L o 
C h o p o e H * 

W ould like to stuff ond-or o d d r e s s e nve lo p es of hom e 826 7*o8 
W ould like fo w o rk in o h osp ilot or in o n u r s in g h o m e o r e fe r d o v t im e , p o r f t im e io b b e t w e e n 
8om 4Dm 436 o4o9 

Son Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— Saturday May 2 8 19 7 7 

>EANUTS 

MUTT and JEFF 

VOLLEV'S 
ON THE / y PHONE / 

5H £ wants to know IF 
‘f'OU'O BE INTERESTED IN 
ANOTHER MIXED-DOUBLES 
TOURNAMENT ON SUNDAV... 

'I ) 
■ 

© 

o ^ 

WINNIE WiNIClE 

A5 SOON AS YOU rcE L 
ITy 
BESSfEy W E lL SEN o i 
OUR AMNI-BUS AROUNO 
FOR YOU AND SHOW 
YOU OUR NEW 
^ 
PL ANT... 

I 

 a 

IVE H AD DISTEMPER, 
AND I’VE PLAH ED 
M iXEP-DOUB l£ S ...i‘D 
RATHER HAVE D istemper 

I 

...THEN YOU LL SEE FOR 
YOURSELF HOW MUCH 
WE REALLY NEED YOU 
IN OUR SALON ! 

/H54W - 

Ill 

 iJ n 

StOPTHINKlN' ABOUT, 
THE WAStEO YEARS 
” DOSO/YETHIN' 
ABOUT VOUR UFE 

JUDGE PARKE 

'ow C 4/y I ? 
THERE/S/VT 
ANY "NOW" 

UO YOU KNOW IF BONNA2 
FASHIONS IS STILL IN 
BUSINESS.... WHERE 
THEY MIGHT HAVE 
, ™ a s / aaa'a** ’ 
AAov/Pn pi y SORRY, AAA AAA > 
MOVED T O ? 
/ 
CANT HEL P 
YOU THERE! 

NO, NO! 
WE TURN 
RiShT 

HEVy Y A K E h£ P% m i n d u p p g r 
H E R — S E T A s e ra r a tio n ? jL 

Oh,I wtLu,* 
M'L OVE ! 
J UST AS 
SOON AS 
I S E T 
The c a r s t art e d ! 

HOÑK/ r 

PO LL O V E R ff 
AND J u st V7HERE 
ARE Y O U G O t M S 
AT SS / S N T Y 

 m i l e s a n 
HOUR ? 
^ 
YSJ 

/ T 'S LIKE t hi s , OP 
M y w i p e i s SPS n D iNS t w o 
W E E KS w i t h HER Y O r 
A N D I W A S D R i V I N S 
HEP THERE ! 

G il THORPE 

.W' 

— BY THE T im e 
YOU'VE SA ID IT , , 
"NOW" IS "THEN" 

ñ 

ó -1 8 U 
ì 

DIDN'T You SEE 
.. 
• ìTODAY'S PAP€ Rt 
VY-HAT? I* YOU'Vfe BEEN 
SELECTED AS 
SflORTSTOP ON 
■ 
T +iE v a l l e y 
ALL-STAR TEAM.' 

YOU'RE 

 t h e o n l y 
ONE ON 
OUR TEAM 
W H O 
MADE IT 

ON STAGE 

K 
Uo Bo 9 Y 
\ 
^ lOLP ME 
... YOa REALLY ARE 
\ NOT TO. ) oyerreach/ng yourself, I 
/ 
PALSYf WHO TOLP YOU 
'' il 
TO CALL FETE'S O F F lC ^j \ f 
^ 
'j \ j 

 m . KOLMER ? I'M FROM THE J I'M 
SECpRfTY SERVICE SENT BY < READY/ 
JUDGE FOSTER DELAPLANE.' 

YOU WIL L 6RIN6 N 
MR. KOLMER SACK, 
WON'T YOU ? 

YES, M A'AM / WE'LL HAVE 
HIM BACK WITHIN 
AN HOUR 

?4 g C H o M P; 

S-1& 

^ ^ i)W T o ö rH !y i f 

Y ou're k ew a t tr is 
HORSEFLY Business, 
AREN'T you? 

o S S 

B.C. 

 d e 
- i e c t ' t o r i p o f f s o m e bo d y s f e e t . 

I 

THE WIZARD OF ID t tmBHrTHHNBn 
52E 

 m L B Y S . 
' P>TCT/OLiARy 

 m 
A 
T EVEf? 
Yc?u T<D WPiTB A 
U K B THATT 

KERRY DRAKE 

...ANPNOW 
\ I CHECKED TO FIND OUT 
YOU'RE BEING 
WHERE HE IS FOR MY 
/NSOLENT/ 
/ OWN liifRSDAWL INFORMA­ 
TION IN CASE I WANTED TO 
REACH HIM FOR ANY 
------- 
REASON. 
_ 
\ ^ P \ 

KELLEY 

 h, 

. . . v 
- o j m 
, 

/ I I T í T í S í í 

OH„UN...WHERE \ 
AFRICA. THE m HE, BY 
NUMBER OF THE 
THE WAY.?,. 
/ TUNIS BUREAU OP 

, ,— T the MAGAZINE IS 
\ [ 
\ 
NEXT TO THE PHONE. 

A l a r ; 
K 

ONE 
PLEASE 

 o v á 
í r 

SPRING 
Y W ATE R 
)o ciurt 
SPRING 
WATER lO CCMttU, 

THE FAMILY CIRCUS 

CopiiTidhf 1977, 
IH *«s>«f*r Old TribwH 
Symfecol«, Inc. 

‘Tm out here, Mommy, raining on your plants.” 

ACROSS 

1 Soot 
5 Complacently self-satisfied 
9 Red round vegetable 
12 Rhythmical beating 
13 Buyer(Lat> 
14 Tell 
16 Stem-like part 
18 Sehres 
19 Resentment 
22 Kinds 
24 Compass point 
25 Anklet 
27 Jottings 
29 Dine at home 
(2 wds.l 
31 One-eyed creature 
35 Tending to wear away 
37 Prtjtiibit 

4o Become curved 
41 Biblical character 
44 South 
American mountains 

46 Affirmative re­ ply 
47 Steeps in 
49 Point at stake 
51 Office worker 
S3 Kind of tube 
57 Seaweed 
58 TV program 
59 Make a loan 
6o Chicago transit lines 

Answer to Previous Puzzle 

DOWN 

Female saint 
(abbr ) 
Mother 
Baseball official (abbr.) 
Makes lace 
Bring legal action 
6 Young lady 
(Fr., abbr) 
7 Common practice 
8 Proceed (2 wds.) 
1o Children 
11 Constellation 
12 Beautiful 
15 Compass point 
17 Income 

IlG iB C lC J L_ d 
P 1 CT t 
E E W A m 
D 
A C O N 
L E A N t u 
A 
P 1 N E 
£l N t E 
EIC1E3 
A A A A o E 8 A X 
JL 
JS 
N t a c L 
Y E 
E V A o E S■ ■1_E_ A a A T 
E A s A _LJm m A A 
A A R 
E 
O s T A N 
T E JE fT 
X t w 1A QA 
E _L A T1 
A L "Äi 
A o' A "s 
E X 
1 A L Y 
T 1 t ' o Y JI b A, L L A 8 
E N n o R A 
S L EA 
T R O p 

19 Phrase of un­ derstanding (2 wds) 
2o Lion's cry 
21 Outer (prefix) 
23 Religious denomination 
26 Piece of candy 
28 Large cut 
3o One of 
Columbus' ships 
32 Mind 
33 Cornbread 
34 Plants grass 
36 Church canticle 

39 Relaxes 
41 Doctrine adherent 
(suffix) 
42 The "R' in 
"HRH" 
43 Winesap 
45 Unerring 
48 Affix a signature 
5o Ireland 
52 Melancholy 
64 Heating material 
55 Math symbol 
56 Double curve 

1 
2 
3 
4 
5 
6 
7 
8 

9 
1o 
11 
12 

13 
14 
L 

15 

16 
17 y 
19 
2o 
1■ 
22 
■ 
34 

25 
■ L 

28 

29 
3 o |■ 
32 
33 
34 

35 
36 n y L 
38 
3 9 |■ 
L e 
41 
42 
43 ■ 
44 
A e I 
47 
4^ 
■ 
43 
5o 

51 
52 
53 
54 
55 
56 

57 
58 

 z 
59 
6o 
28 

THA1NKJ5 
^ 

^ 
SPRING I 

 uS!L. ,a‘ 
WATER 
1G CfNU w- 

DENNIS THE MENACE l>anr'«C uaisilM»* dctxw«,« -r m .(iP 

“ If this is o wrong number, why did you answer the phone, Mr. Wilson?” 
W glrTnossv oH B m z u 

= E x p r e s s - N e w s W a n t A d s 2 2 5- 1 6 6 6 = 

ACROSS 

1 Legs 
6 Antiirtony; 
Prefix 
1o Pitcher’s plate 
14 Mature 
15 — Major: 
Constell­ ation 
16 Corn bread 
1 7 Of an arm ' bone 
18 Not strong 
19 He died; 
Latin 
2o Man’s name 
22 Cloy with an excess 
24 Was familiar with 
26 Rhone 
Valley wind 
27 Asserters 
31 — Day 
32 Plunder 
33 Aquatic animal 
35 Joke: Slang 
38 Water bodies 
39 Preeminent people 
4o Worry 
41 Asian shrub 
42 Public display of temper 
43 Lord’s residence 
44 Red — 
45 Wanting much 

47 Climbing palms 
51 Refer . 
52 Hearten 
54 Seek release; 2 words 
58 Weather­ man's word 
59 Spinning like - — 
61 TV’s forerunner 
62 "Tom 
Thumb" composer 
63 Isolated 
64 Nitrogen compound 
65 Hammerhead end 
66 Solid precip. 
67 Makes loans 

DOWN 

1 Glorify 
2 Move lazily 
3 Football coach 
Biggie — 
4 Household items 
5 Wiry 
6 Aggregate 
7 Mr. Speaker 
8 Moslem religion 
9 Depressions: 
2 words 
1o Casual in dress 
11 Kind of 

UNITED Feature Sy ndicate 

Friday Puzzle Solv ed 
QClilO 
QESI9I1 mmmm 
IICIÍ31 u mm d s a d i iE ic i ii m EißiQii mm m o a n a d ma m 
QQOfl BQPßiC} 
BQ QBBQEia 
Q mm ladOEiSQ 
B O B mmmm laipiiidBiaaiaaaBGiQn mmmm 
B d B i i a a a a a a B Q a i a 

 pneumonia 
12 Actress 
Louise 
13 Kind of palm 
21 Understand 
23N.A. res. armed force 
25 Penned 
27 Blind as - — 
28 Knowledge 
29 Canada’s 
Casa — 
3o Endure 
34 Kilmer classic 
35 Hindu queen 
36 Magnetic metal 
37 Ice mass 
39 Public dis­ graces 
4o Bridge; 2 words 

42 Airtight closure 
4 3 water 
44 Having been purloined 
46 Egypt, earth god 
47 Reconditioned tire 
48 Love, in 
Rome 
49 Dinner entree 
5o Surgical thread 
53 Taboo joke: 
Informal 
55 God of war 
56 Recover a lost article 
57 Enemies 
6o Church compart­ ment 

NANCY 
San Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— Saturday May 28 197 7 
Page '15 -D 

J TM f — I 
H AV E N T S E E N 
Y O U 
S IN C E W E WE RE 
B U D D IE S 
Y E AR S AG O 

C O M E HE RE , 
N AN C Y - - r 
W AN T YOU 

Cast pain checkup suggested 

Dear Dr. Thosleson: My son had an athletic injury to his leg. He was put in a leg cast, and a few day s afterward he com­ plained of pain under the cast. Do y ou think the bone was set wrong or what? He doesn’t want to go in because he thinks it might delay the time before he can get out of the cast. What would y ou do? — Mrs. F.W. 

I hope by now y ou hav e decided to take him in for an ex amination. Certain kinds of pain can mean different thing s g oing on u nder the cast, either pressu re points at a bony prom inence or su btle sw elling of tissu o. A 
“ window” can be cu t ou t of the cast to allow the doctor to ex amine the point where the pain ori­ g inates. Casts are u su ally reev alu ated reg u larly any way as a matter of rou tine, so I su spect y ou r qu estion has been ans­ wered for y ou before y ou read this. Allowing the pain to g o u nreported mig ht prolong the time he’s in the cast. 

Companion 

Dear Dr. Thosteson: 
My three-y ear-old has this imag inary compan­ ion she talks to and play s with. She ev en insists that if we bu y a candy bar for her we g et one for this play mate, whom she cu lls “ E lsie.” We hav e become w orried that there may be something wrong , bu t her pediatri­ cian doesn’t seem too concerned. He say s it’s norm al. What do y ou think ? 
It's qu ite normal, and it is not necessarily the 
“ only child” who does this ou t of loneliness for com panionship. 
It is fou nd ju st as m u ch among y ou ng sters who ha\e brothers and sister. 
Rig ht now this has ad­ 

 v antag es for her. She has a companion ov er whom she has m ore or less com plete control. An- toher adv antag e may be the ex tra peice of candy she cons from y ou . 
Blood Pres s ure 

Dear Dr. Thosteson: 
Please find enclosed with this the 35 cents for y ou r booklet on hig h blood pressu re. Also, ju st how hereditary is it? — Mrs. 
G.P. 
Can’t say . .Stu dies show hig h blood pressu re can ru n in families. Often it is the predisposition toward it that is m ost important. I discu ss one stu dy (pag e 9 of booklet) among a g ou p of y ou ng ­ sters with hig her than norm al pre ssu re . No specific cau se cou ld be fou nd, bu t w 11 ov er 8o per cent of them were su bstantially ov erweig ht. 
Their parents were too, so it a ppe a rs that the eating habits are more 
“ inherited” than the dis­ ease. 
It’s obv iou s where we all can beg in making a difference in the w ar ag ainst hig h blood pres­ su re and other heart re­ lated diseases —- rig ht at the dinner table. The booklet y ou wanted is on the way . Allow a week. 
You r letter reached me finally , bu t nex t tim e write to me care of this newspaper, and enclose a stamped, self-addressed env elope. 

What are ulcers ? How can y ou help y ours elf get rid of ulcers and s tay rid of them? Read Dr. Thos fes on's booklet, "How to Heal 
Peptic Ulcers ." For a copy write to him in core of this news paper, enclos ing a long, s elf-addres s ed, s tomped env elope and 25 cents . 

WORDT 
CUBOT 
BY TRICKY RICKY 

Ev ery w or dy ou r dy answer is a rh y m ing pair of words ( like True Blue. 
Plain J ane, and Humpty D um p iy ) 
Read the definition, then think of two rhy ming words that will fit in the letter squares. The number after the definition tells y ou how many sy llables in each word of the rhy ming pair. 

1. Domeetketed wiM « lim li (1) r r i M i m 
2. EMploy cd « M ie in a s tate of fetüuc (2) 

Tkanks and S it to 
Traaaa LaBetta of 
Gleneoc, i t for 
« 7 . Send y oMf heal rhy nM à dallnitian to tidi newapaiKf. 

3. PowMfid bailad (i) 

4 . F r^ tc n a fcmdc bones (1) 
I Ti:i:r .ij 
□ s. Fmcr bcu l (2) 

 t . Av oiding coning to a v crdkt (2) 

7 . The late Hedda't teeth (2) 

 saiaaoiiJ sasaaoH 
í omiso ir onioq u • s i t au aaRoi.td f nav M mav M * omos omosis i ois ii ojbih t imv o im v i i 
^saiMSNV 

J EANE DIXON’S 
HOROSCOPE 

FORSliNDAX 

YOUR 
BIRTHDAY 
SUNDAY: Set off a v igor- ous campaign now to con­ solidate y our position and progress thus far in preparation for a slow phase in the second half- y ear. Relationships are delicately balanced, depend on y our deeper nature and needs. 
Today ’s nativ es get in­ v olv ed In politics, ex per­ iments, com petitiv e ac­ tiv ity , are sen sitiv e, prou d. Those born this y ear continue this tradi­ tion in v icarious forms rather than do much in person, are original thinkers w ell ahead of their times. 

ARIES (M arch 31 -Aprli I» }: 
P re ic rv e y our public imooe. do what li ex pected of YOU in oood u n ite 
Aoores s iv e mov es get now here. L e av e pow er tools , mointenance for ex perts , a bet­ ter time, 
TAURUS (April 2o-Moy 3o): 
Honds ott for a while longer or ris k undoing s omething y ou d like to keep. As y ou near o low m v our energy cy cle, ov oid ex ­ ces s phv s icol e x e rtio n , ar- guments . 
G E M IN I (MOV 3) 'J u n e 3o ): think y oung, whotev er y our oge. 
Meet obligations prom ptly , no quibble. A s oft ons wer turns owoy much thot needn t be s po­ ken. Leav e humon dignity Intact. 

CANCER (J une 21-J uly 22): 
Eniov looting owav from any th­ ing res embling bus ines s . Thos e y ou cheris h ore s ens itiv e, work­ ing off s ome mood. Don t neglect or fus s ov er them too much. 
LEO (J uly 33-Aug. 23): 
Dis ­ play s of temoeromant ore eaiv to begin, but then y ou'd need s y mpathetic help from friends to coox y ou bock. Not monv hov e the potlence, s o don't s tart. 
VIRGO (Aug. as -iept. 32): 
Las t-minute changes knock out mos t plans . Talk goes in circles , educates oil parties to others ' bas ic opinions . Fis hing is more for the s port thon the cotch. 
LIB R A (Sept. 33-Oct. 3 2): 
Accent Is on money ; don't poy lump s ums for iffy borgotns . 
Reach out, renew contact with ocauaintoncet In dis tant places . 
Trov el Is n't fov ored; s tay put. 
SCORPIO (Oct 23-Nay , 21): 
Look around. Notice thot nobody seem clear on what h# wonte, s uffers frus tratio n getting It. 
Make allownaces . You're not li­ kely to hov e It all y our woy either. 
SAGITTARIUS (Nov . 33-Oec. 
21): 
Progres s goes s o for, then calls for corrections . The pos t is s irong in memory , not to be co- s uatlv dis corded, v et not to be us ed os o model tor the future. 
C A P R IC O R N (D e c . 22-J Oh. 
17 ); 
Be s ure y ou're right, y our s tory complete, before y ou con­ v ert ideas into action. Where intens e feettngs ex is t, don’t force is s ues It y ou wont co-ooeratlon 
AQUARIUS (J an. 24 -Feb. II) : 
Theories ore tes ted; mos t mus t be m odified late r. Keep ex - chonges to es s entiol commun- icotlons . os dis agreements aren't eas ily confined to proper oreos . 
PISCES (Feb. Il-M orch 1o): 
Emotions rule out ob itc tiv ily , lead to s oy ing more, in hars her lerms than intended. Find ex er­ cis e thot works ott s teom without inv olv ing ex treme effort. 

APARTMENT 3 - o _____________ 

TOMMlE,VOUR gBGlSTRY 16 ON THE. 
PHONE/ I THINK THEY 
WANT YOU OUT ON A 
CASE TONIGHT./ 

BETSY, WHATVE 
YOU GOT IN 
HERE-WEIGHT- 
LIFTING 
EQ U IPM EN T^ 

WHAT DIP YOU SAY THE. 
NAME WA6 "'CAPELLAf ITS 
THE DAUGHTER OF CLYDE 

MISS PEACH 

 f t N K 6U ' / 5c W O t ’ 

 p r o b l e m 

C L I N I C 
B O i C 
» i7h p R O B L fid li 

 tUilH G i B L S 
S »r- 
> 

IT PO^SI BLB TO FINC? 
A iA A T\A ZB GlfiTL WMG 
14 N 
O 
N 
& 
T H 
ß FM N - 
L o V IN 6 , M lN C ?-fS o6 G L IN G U Y 
S K C IT IN G , A N D OTVfL-MAY- 
C A m F 

IT CesÇTA INLY 
\ 

I f ' Y O U . OON'T IN4I^T 
MPON T H ß m A ru m rr. . 

W ' 
I -t t 

To h a w yo u r p ro h ivm sttiwtl o r a q a vs^ tio n n n » tvere« T write Aclio to tlxp resK^ l* .o . 
Ho x 2 /7 /, S a n An to n io ^ T \ 7H297. 

Carpet change 

Abdu l two months ag o I took adv antag e of a carpet bale a local department store was hav ing and ordered carpt'ting for the liv ing room/dining room area in my hou siv 
1 paid cash for the carpeting and charg ed the installalion fee. Some men from the store came to ni> iiou se a cou ple of da.v b later and proceeded to mstal! the carpeting . 
Hcl'ore tliey were fiiii.shed, tlu w (It'tcnniiO'd then‘ was» not I'liou g li to cox i'r the whole area. Ni'cdlcss to sa>, ! wa.s \('ry u p.si-t and calhni llic store manag er immediately . 
He apolog iml and said 1 wou ld ha\c to wait abou t a week before be cou ld g el niort' of the .same Im)c carpeting 1 bou g ht. 
It has been nearly six weeks and the dining -room still has no carpeting on it. E\ery time 1 call the manag er he say s I will hav e to wait u ntil the carpeting comes in. 
1 hav e the fi'cliiig I am g etting the ru narou nd, ('an y ou help me? 
MRS. D. V. i:. 

When 
Action-Ex press first contacted the m anager, he said the carpeting still had not come In. The sale was offered at all department store branches nation­ wide and It sold out at most locations. 
The main office has been try ing to track down a store that still has y our ty pe carpeting in stock. 
The manager also said the reason there was not enough carpeting was because y ou originally ordered a contrasting 

 print for the dining room and a solid color for the liv ing room. 
It was not until y ou changed y our mind that the men determined they would not hav e enough carpeting for the whole area. 
,A few day s after Ac­ tion-Ex press contacted the store m anager, he said the carpeting had been found and was on its way to Han Antonio. 
It should he installed by the m iddle of nex t week. 
Paper buy er 

Reference is made to y ou r printed reply in answiT to a qu estion by a reader wlio wanltHl to know if any one eoilt'eted or bou g ht paper. 
We too l)u y all ty pes of pap(*r and pay competitiv e priei‘s. We also pick u p paper in some u istanees where the qu antity is su ffieient. 
BENNY W. MctiEIIEK 
Action-Ex press would like to pass this Informa­ tion along to Its readers. 
Aabco Paper Stock, 8 15 
Ceralv o St., 134-o68 1, also buy s paper. 
The company pay s 
$1.15 for ev ery 1oo pounds of newspaper, $1.25 for 
1oo pounds of computer print out paper. $6 .2o for 
1oo pounds of IBM cards and 7 5 cents for 1oo pounds of corrugated 

 paper. 
“ We also buy all other ty pes ol paper such as office files and the like.“ 
M ctiehee, m anager, said. “ I*rices v ary ac­ cording to the quality of the paper. 
The paper company al­ so prov ides containers to schools to use during their y outh driv es or other clubs interested in hav ing paper driv es. 
Fiesta prograiiiH 

The Fiesta San Antoni» » (,’ommissimi is endeav or­ ing to secu re a eompiete eolleetion of the offic ial prog rams of Fiesta San Antonio. 
Thu s fu r, we hav e oblaiiH'd all of them witli the ex ceptions of 19H4, 19H5 and IBtitj. 
W'e w» » u ld \ery mu eli appreciate y ou r reu dcTS ehi‘eking their sou v enirs of Fiesta to see if tiiey cou ld donate these y ears to ou r eolleetjoii. 
Thank y ou . 
DAVIH BURNET r .IR. 
EXECUTIVE VICE FREHIDENT 
Action-Ex press would necessary program s be glad to pass this information along to Its readers. 
Any reader who has the 

 should call the Fiesta San 
Antonio Commission at 
227 -5 191, 396 N. Presa Ht., 
Suite 8 . 7 8 2o5 . 
Spurs debt 

It has been se\eral inotifhs shiee any thing has been brou g ht u p abou t the $5o.l)t)o owed the city by till* Spu rs. 
Why hasn’t the city done any thing to eolleet tliis d(‘bt? The Spu rs ha\e made lieu dlines telling of the millions they hav e spent, so why nu t pay off the debt to the city ? 
I wou ld like to know who the real owners are ( an y ou su pply this information? 
B. H. 
City Finance Dir. Carl 
White said under the new 
1o-y ear contract ex ecuted about six months ago there are prov isions for the Spurs to pay off that debt in two Installments. 
The first half has to be paid this y ear and the second half In 197 8 . 
According to the Han 
Antonio Hpurs Media 
G uide/Fact Book, the parent body of the Spurs is 
C oncessions, 
Inc, 
Stockholders in the cor­ poration are: 
Richard 
Alterm an, 
WitUam Alterman, A. M. 
Biedenharn J r.. Louis 
Bishop, Bill Braiey (de­ ceased ), Way man Bu­ chanan, .Art Burdick. Dr. 
Pedro DeLeon, Charles 
Dempsey . 
Barbara 
Dreeben, Angelo Dros­ ses, Barry H. Edeiman, 

Hubert Foreman, Sum 
Godfrey , 
J ack 
Guen­ ther, Mrs. Wiillam Had- nott. 
Dr. Peter Hernul, Don 
Hickman, 
Dr. 
Robert 
Hilliard, Maurie iloiden. 
Dr. Dickey Huey . Logan 
Hungress, 
Dr. 
P. 
M. 
Kaihianen, Stev en Lang, 
Bernard Lifshult/., Dick 
Lubel, 
(ieorge 
Luhn, 
Dan McCarty , Cliarllne 
McCombs, 
B. 
.1. 
Mc­ 
Combs. Irv ing Mathews, 
Arthur J . Panfield. 
Dr. J oseph Pierce J r.. 
J ack PUIuk, Louis Pit- luk, I j t n Rose, E, J . Ku- senstein, J ohn Santikos, 
J ohn Shaefer, Dr. J ames 
Sim m ons, 
Francie 
Sterling, 
.Marshall 
Stev es, J oe Strauss Sr., 
Dun Suliiv un, Wiiiiam B. 
Troy , (u r tis Vaughn, 
Linton Weems. 
Airline school correction 
1 read in .Av tion-Fx prcss ruci’tilly atx iul a Hraiiiff 
Airlines s c Iu h iI id Dallas wlicre a p iM son could take cuui'scs lu bccuinc a tra\» *i agent ur a ticketing agent. 
Tile priee fur tiu* emit'ses was jnnited us $9.9.) — 
$ 
7 fur the lra\el agent eutirse ami $2.45 fut the resident Uckeling eourse. Is Itial really all ' 
(ONCEKNFD 
No. that is not alt. both courses. The trav el 
Action-Ex press made a agent course is $7 5 o and bad goof on that one. Th(‘ the resident tickling correct price is $995 lor course Is $'¿ 15. 

Ol d Charl i e i s a ni ce qui et dri nker 

C A SSELBERRY , Fla. (A P ) - 
Charlie Marshal always knows when iCs race day. That’s the only time the 
1o-year-old horse is denied his usual daily fare of two sixpacks of beer. 

“ Old Charlie will suck all the beer you can give him and never spill a drop,” says ownertrainer 
Sam 
Ridgeway. “ 11 really doesn’t harm him none and seems to make him a happier horse” 

Charlie, whr» also is fond of steaks and cold cuts, is known as “ a nice quiet drinker” at the Seminole Har­ ness Raceway near Orlando, says 
Ridgeway. 

“ There’s nothing to it.” says 
Ridgeway, “ Charlie’s more like a pet hound than a horse. ... He started guz­ zling beer when he was 3 and that was seven years ago.” 
The galloping guzzler’s abstinence 

 on race days is not voluntary since track stewards insist on sobriety. But 
Ridgeway says the dry periods affect 
Charlie so that the horse will start whinnying at the crack of a pop-top. 
Ridgeway’s association with Charlie was interrupted only once when the horse was taken during a claiming race. 
“ I got him back a few months later,” says Ridgeway. “ Charlie’s such a rugged individualist as horses go, if not a downright nut, that nobody else knows how to handle him.” 
Although Charlie has come in fifth in his last eight races, he has a lifetime mark of 2:o7 for the mile run and has earned nearly $4o,ooo in his career. 
“ He’s never been a stakes champion like some other horses I’ve developed, but Charlie’s a good steady trotter.” says Ridgeway. “ His winnings average about $5,ooo and that’s enough to keep the beer flowing.’’ 

S M N B 

AT 
PAUL’S GREEN THUMB 
SALE GOOD FIVE DAYS 
M A Y 26, 27, 28, 29, 3o 

 ferti'lo me 
ROSE FOOD 
CONTAINING SVSTEMIC INSECTICIOt 

2 

 ferti'lome 

Insecticide enters root system of plant and travels through stem and leaves to protect plant from insects. 
Won't wash off. 

- Systemic Action - goes directly into root system and goes through entire plant. It works. 
"2 .98 
5 lb. 

YOUR ROSiS DESERVES 
THE BEST 
PROTECT THEM FROM 
INSECTS AND FUNGUS WITH 
FERTILOME ROSE SPRAY 

APPLICATOR 
INCLUDED 
You can trust ferti-lome it works! 
PERMA TRIM GALLON 5.98 

M O NKEY GRASS 
(LILY TURFl 
Bo n k r o r Gro u n d Co v er 
49*«. 
^5.39 d o i. 

COPPER PLANTS 
(Aeo ly p h o ) 
79* .o 
Doi. 

HANGING BASKETS 
ALREADY PLANTED 
• FERN 
• BEGONIA 
• SEDUM 
• UNTANA 

FROM ‘5 .9 5 
UP 

MINIATURE ROSES 
1 5-2 o Vo rwliM 
‘2.95-‘3.5o 

IMPATIENS (SultoM) 
Asso rt« ! Co lo rs 
49*«,. 1o FOR *4.5o 

BO XW O O D 
(FOR HEDGE OR BORDER) 
‘ 1 .8 9 EA 

PHOTINA (RED TOP) 

1 GAL. * 1 
. 8 
9 

EPISCIAS 
(FLAME VIOUIS) 
*1 .5 o EA 

CONCRETE AND 
CLAY PRODUCTS 
Squares, rounds, curbing drcles, pots, saucers, bird baths. 
1o% 
DISCOUNT 

PLANT THAT 
GARDEN NOW! 
.«DTKHOKiS 
$ 1 5 o 
1-Gallon............... 
I M. 
• VEGETABU PUNTS 
7 ||< 
Troy of Six 
/ T 
• SQUASH y Q i 
Tray of 6 m. 

PAUL’S 
PREMIUM ROSES 
Ov.r 2oo Mm I Pepubr V.rl.H«i 
OUTSTANDING ROSfS POR 
PIRPORMANCf PRAGRANCf 
AND COLOR 
• TRif ROSES • TREE PATIO 
• CLIMBERS 
PROM THE BEST GROWERS 

• CalHo rn i. 
• iBd lS« ! 
• An d Perk in s 
PROM 
*3 
5o 
AND 
UP 

SPOT TREATMENT 
For Dandelions, control ond othors. 
SPOT WEED 
KILLER 15.o1. 

*2.31 

PURPLE VIOLETS 
(OUTDOORS) 
39*«. 
*4.29 Dei. 

REDWOOD BARK 
Jen tb . • M«A(hr - Smd l 
Fw d Mwetlv . in . o r 

3 CU.FT.il6 
RIG. $5.2 5 
ïik ‘4. 49 

MOUNTAIN UUREIS 
New Sk ifMHMit 

* 1 5 
Frtwn iun 

BEDDING PUNTS 
Fer Sp rin g Hewers 
A Plin ti Per Tray 
79 * TRAT 

FIG IVY 
Wiril C.v .rin | 
Rtf. $1 .91 
, 
SALE 
1 
. 5 9 

CALADIUM 
PLANTS 
79* EA 
*8.69 Doz 

CU/TOm hi-fi s 

SPEAKER 
MODEL 1253V fCrS MOST POPULAR 3 
WAY, THE 12" WOOFIR 
GIVIS RASS YOU CAN FEEL 
AND 3" TWEETER FOR 
BRIGHT 
HIGHS. 
WARE- 
HOUSE PRKE MAKES THE 
1253V AN UNBELIEVABLE 
BUY. 

W AM HO USi 
CLiARANCi 
EACH 

^T U R N T A B LE 

V 
« 
MODEL 96o 

CHANGCR 
ONLY 
$ 

THE 
BIC 
96o, 
PRO 
GRAMMABLE 
CHANGER, 
^FEATURES 
BELT 
DRIVE, 
LOW MASS TONE ARM, 
DAMPENED CUEING, AND 
MUCH MORE. 

 g j j ilM IÍiíb Ê Ê Ê Ê Ê Ê Ê ' ' 

I n 
K 
K 
K 
MPfCMMEEFt' 
CASSETTE 

RECEIVER 

^ 
^ 
E 
3 
' E 
CT9191 

PIONEfR'itKST, eOMY, FRONT 
1o*D, 
SOlO- 
NOW CONTROIS, WIDE KSrONSt, THE CT9I91 HAS IT AU. 
CUSTOM'S LOW PMCE MAKES IT EVEN BETTEK. 

C L C A R A N C e 
PRice 

FISE PKHOQt NCBYM, MÓDB. SHÌO, 

W M m rc Ri p im c H A » 
2 e o n » n n 
TOMi DEMERS WTN 2-8’^ WOOm 

¡ m m m i m m 
L 
OtHY C 
TOTAL 
▼ 

3 9 9 .9 o 14 995 

CACH 

OiD P IO N E E R 
R iC ilV ilt 
TURNTABLE 

SANSUrS 
SR222 
BEIT DRIVE MANUAL 
TURNTABLE 
IS 
A 
GREAT PERFORMER. 
COMPLETE 
WITH 
SHURE 
CARTRIDGE, 
CV9E, AND SET UP 
BY CUSTOM HI FI 
FOR ONLY... 

6DI3IOIVeER* CAR 8 TRACK 

MODiL 
TP252 

PIONEER’S TP 2S2 UNDER­ 
DASH 8 TRACK PUYER CAN’T 
BE BEAT AT THIS PRICE. 

JIL-PIO N IER SYSTEM 
AM FM STEREO CASSETTE-SPEAKERS 

HERBS 
2 5-3 o VarietlM 

Frwn * 1 . 2 
5 an d u f 

ACCESSORIBS 
WATER HOSES, RAKES, HOES, SHOVELS, HAND TOOLS, NOZZLES. 
NO DELIVERY ON SALE ITEMS 
INQUIRE ABOUT OUR PLANTING 
DURING WEEK LONG SALE 
SERVICE - GUARANTEED WORK 

NURSERY & LANDSCAPING 

85 HABY DR. 
NURSERY 

3 
4 
2 
- 4 
8 
8 
7 

51o3 BLANCO RD. 
NURSERY 

3 
4 
2 
- 4 
8 
8 
8 

NEW SrpRE HOURSt 
8:3o to 6 PJL DAILY 
SUNDAY 1o AJL to 6 P.M. 
UNDSaPE PH. 734-6481 

BIANCO 1 o 4 5oo SiK 

UACON % SIo3 H am *ld 

SAN PfMO AVE 

SONY TELEVISION 

WAREHOUSE 
PRICES 
NO PHONE 
QUOTES 

JIL 6o4 AM FM STEREO IN DASH 
CASSETTE 
PLAYER 
WITH 
PIO­ 
NEER’S 
TS16o 
DUAL 
CONE 
SPEAKERS. A GREAT SOUNDING 
COMBINATION. 

Q D P IO M e C R* 
CAR SPEAKERS 

PI o1 
DOOR 
MOUNT 
1 o 
PR. 

SUPERSCOPE 
FM CONVERTER 

FITS ANY 
CAR 
19 

AMPLIFIER 

PIONEER’S NEW 
INTEGRATED 
_ AMP. MODEL SA 95 oo II FEA- 
^TURES IMPROVED POWER SUP- 
^ 
I 
DISTORTION. 

SA 9 Soo II 
*349 

' U RECEIVER 
8o8o DB 

S t i n % u i 

SANSUi’S 8o8o OB HAS 
ROOM 
FILLING 
POWER 
WITH METERS TO MEA­ 
SURE 
OUTPUT, 
FULL 
DOLBY 
PROCESSING, 
3 
WAY 
TONE 
CONTROLS 
AND MUCH MORE. 

BIC VENTURI SPEAKER 
FORMULA 6 

BIC’S PATENTED VENTURI GIVES THE FORMUW 6 
GREAT BASS RE­ 
SPONSE, 
WITH 
TWO MID-RANGE 
HORNS AND TWO 
TWEETERS 
FOR 
SUPERB SOUND. $199 

ODDS ’N ENDS 
SAN PEDRO STORE 
ODDS 'N ENDS 
HWY. 9 o STORE 

ODDS N ENDS-PRICED TO GO 
FREDERICKSBURG STORE 

MARANTZ AMP: 1o3o... 3oniy 79.95 
MEDALLION CAR CASSETTE 
5 ONLY 27.95 
PIONEER CASSETTE DECK: a s is i........... ...2oMT 169.95 
PIONEER SPEAKER: 
CS63DX.................DEMO 199.95 
PIONEER AMP. SA7Soo. . demo 199.95 

PIONEER TUNER TX75oo ..4IEMO 149.95 

ODDS *N ENDS-PRICED TO GO 
HWY 9oW STORE ONLY 

MARANTZ SPEAKER: 
IMPS 
DEMO 59.95 
MARANTZ SPEAKER 
IMP7 
.......... DEMO 1o9.95 
MARANTZ RECEIVER 
2275................. DEMO 379.95 
PIONEER RECEIVER 
SX434 ..................... NEW 139.95 
PIONEER RECEIVER 
SX535.......... 
NEW 159.95 
SANSUI RECEIVER 661 omo 175.oo 

CUSTOM HI FrS 
M R . W A T T AUDIO CORNER 

FM SENSITIVITY: THE MINIMUM SIGNAL A FM 
TUNER CAN CONVERT INTO A SATISFACTORY 
STEREO SIGNAL. MEASURED IN MICRO VOLTS, 
RATINGS OF 3uV ARE GOOD, 2uV BEHER AND 
BELOW 2uV OUTSTANDING. 
NEXT! W OW AND FLUTTER 

C U /T O m h i-fi 

MASSIVE WAREHOUSE 
CLEARANCE 

SATURDAY 
HOURS 
1 o 
A.M. 6 R.M. 

Di/counr cen ter 

6 7 38 SAN PeORO 
PHONE 8 2 8 -2 8 8 8 
OPEN SATURDAY 

7 S1S HWY 9o WEST 
IN LACKLAND PLAZA 
PHONE 6 7 3-6 46 1 
OPEN SATURDAY 

392 5 FREDERICKSBURG RD. 
PHONE 7 33-o2 2 1 
CLOSED SATURDAY 
OPEN SUNDAY 1o-6 

ANTOINETTE H ATFIELD 
PATSY STEV ES 

 l.- 
Ê 
^ 

LADY B IED JOHNSON 
Liz a nd pa ls thinking thin 

By m i l d h j^:d w h i t e a k e r 
Express-NVws Women’s Editor 
Liz Ca rpenter o nce wro te a n a rticle titled “ I Wa s a 
Dro po ut fro m a Fa t Fa rm.” 
“ Not, that IhertKvvas anything wrong with the reducing spa,” she said Friday by pho^e from her home in Austin. “ It was just so deadly boring. 
“ All anybody ever talked about was food, an agonizing subject that should have been avoided.” 
So leave it to Liz — now that her doctor has ordered her to lose weight — to organize her own “ fat farm.” 
This one, however, w ill be known as the “ Think and Shrink lank,” and will Ih* exclusively for 
“ fi'arless fi'wsome friends inter­ ested in filling the evenings with good philosophy 
— books, business and subjects of mutual interest.” 
It happened like this. 
“ Patsy Steves (Mrs. Marshall 

Saturday' 
EXPRESSNEWS 
Scene 

Paget-E 
May 28 1977 

St<*ves of San Antonio), who is a size B or 8 and doesn’t need to lose an ounce but has friends who do, namely me,” said liz, “ is letting us use their home outside Comfort for our Think and Shrink Tank. 
July B to 2o. 
“ After my love affair with the great hors d’oeuvres of the world 
— and enjoying every minute of it 
— my doctor tells me 1 have to lose 3o pounds.” 

The “ fearless fewsome” (limit­ ed due to space available) is a cross-section of 
Liz's many friends from Texas and from years in Washington, D.C., as a 

 writer, lecturer, press secretary to Mrs. Lyndon Johnson and vice president of one of the country’s largest public relations firms. 
For starters, there's Betty Tal- madge "who describes herself as the outgoing wife of the senior senator from Georgia “ notes Liz. 
(They’re divorcing.) 
“ Betty is everybody’s favorite story teller. She knows a lot about business, owns a ham company, 
.uid has written a book titled “ How ti) Cook a Pig.” 
Also coming is Antoinette (Mrs. 
M ark) Hatfield, wife of the Re­ publican senator from Oregon. A former college dean, the pr<*tty 
“ Toni” runs a real estate business 
.in Washington, D.C.. and has written sevt'ral cookbooks. The latest is “ Ke-MARK-able Ke- ci])(‘s,” dedicated to her husl>and. 
Scotty F'itzgerald Smith of Wa­ shington anil Alabama will be tluM'C- Scotty, who has written a number of books, is the daughter of Scott and Zelda Fitzgerald. 

NAUTICAL 

Pii li’ 

 ti 
M i ' s 

 for cool summer 

 suiting. Short-sleeve 

 blouson top with 

 sailor collar and tie. 
Washable polyester 

 seersucker. Pink, 

Beige, Blue, Green. 

Sizes 8 -16. 

 ili 
*2o 

V\ w, 

■’ U 
I 

Use your Lenny's 

Charge, Shoppers 

Charge, Master 

Charge or 

BankAmericard. 

 i V> ' 

 it] 

 w i1 'i‘ 

'■i l . 

!i :>! 

North Star Mall 

North Towne Plaza 

McCreless 

Hillcrest 
Dellcrest 

G /lli 

Do nt b rìng the child ren 

Coming from San Antonio is 
IVIary Jane (Mrs. Reagan) Hous­ ton, whom Liz describes as "an expert on laughter and on diets for those who have a ttuidency to dia­ betes.” 
(Liz learned during a rec«Mil hospital stay — fnllowing a whirl­ wind lour on behalf of the FRA —- that she has a mild diuheti<‘ ten­ dency. Thus the specific need to lose weight). 
San Antonio’s Dodit* (Mrs. Fre­ deric J . ) Oppenheimer will be there. Daughter Lucille Oppen­ heimer was Qiu'en of this y(‘ar's 
Order of the Alamo Coronation during Fiesta. 
The group also inehides Liz’s niece, Carol Hatfield, editor of 
Discovery Magazine at UT in Aus­ tin 
“ Gloria Galt is coming over from San Antonio for the day of facials,” said Liz. (Gloria and 
Patsy arc sisK'rs). 
“ ,\nd Mrs. Johnson says she’ll be a periodic day student’,” 
Liz figures the experience will be a little like going to camp. 
“ Wc'll make uiir own beds and 

 we'll share I hi' expenst's. Our fin­ ancial arrangements will he five 
.Mason lars!” 
In addition, there will be experts in the fields of diet and nutrition, ext'i cise and massage, etc. 
Retreat 

“ It will be a wiirking and think­ ing sessien,” says Liz — a retreat from the world of food and ri'ality. 
“ Wc’ll dress as comlorlahiy and as slo[>pily as wc jilcasc, Tht'ic'll he lolling around the pool, sun­ ning. jogging, walking, pamper­ ing and adventuring into nearby places cliaracti'ristic of the Hill 
Country. 
“ We might take in a play at a country tht*atcr or have a little fashion show from oni' of the shops at Ingram. 
“ Wc’ll cat gourmet diet food — and fill th(' evenings with good conversation. 
“ And we expect to emerge slim and beautiful.” 
Then she added. 
“ Bui nobody coming really needs to lose weight ex(*ept me — and sometimes Betty Talmadge!” 

By N O EM AN H. STARK 

Windo w wa sh 

Id the da y s befo re the a uto nio bile, the surrey , pulled by a tea m o f 
“ hig h-stepping strutters.” wa s a co m­ mo n sig ht. 
My father used to tel! me that a rig like this was just as mneh a prized possi'ssion as an automobile is to some pi'ople today .And the 
Ix'tter rigs had windshields, pist as cars nov\ ha\e 
This formula is inleiidiHl to be used in the windshield washer container under the hood 
.‘Ml you need is two quarts of isopropyl alcohol and two quarts of wati'r. 
Whiile it .serves no practical ¡lurpose, you can put in a few drops of f>hit' food coloring if you want to make it look liki* the high-pneed product. 
Mix the ingredients together and transfer to your windshield washi'r tank. Store excess in glass or plastic hoille. 
Besides the satisfaction you get by making your own products for personal or home care. nlo^t formulas are real mone>-sa\ers that enable you to lieat the prices of store lioiighf items. 
Like any i hemical product you use at home, you should store this one safely, latiel 
It —listing ingredients and noting any i-autions—■ and Keep it out of reach of childn'ii. 
If you ciiioy 'I'UFi I ’OHMIJI .A, you’ll love the exciting new dimension offered bv Norm 
Si ark’s THK FIRST IMCM TICAL PVR AM ID 
BOOK—cdinpU'tc with its own pyramid. 

Send your pavnu'nt of $5.fir» (postpaid) to 
PVH.AMID. care of the Kxpress-Nevvs. Box 
2171, vSan Antonio, Tex. 78297. 

Rea d Niki Seo tfs ^WORKING WOMAN’ 
Ev ery Tuesda y a nd Thursda y in the News 

/ a 

EL GRECO LEG W RAP in red. blue, black or while canvas print 

25.oo 

Dear Ann: We are a childless couple 
(by choice), and our home is not child-oriented. 
Two couples have ruined recent visits for us by including toddlers and pre-schoolers in late dinner invitations, when they knew that we are not set up for entertaining young children. 
When they go out to a restaurant they get a ba­ bysitter, but when it’s just to someone’s house, they don’t bother. The visits were totally child- dominated and adult conversation was impos­ sible. 
I ’ve always heard that a good social rule is to assume children are NOT invited unless they are specifically included. 
Please comment. Sign me — Not Running A Day 
Care Center 
Dear Not Running; I agree with you. 
By now, you know who the offenders are. if you invite them again, tell them it’s an adults-only evening and to please make arrangements to leave the children at home. 

Än n 

Lan d ers 

 sages. Yet some people think we are social se­ cretaries. They give us 
“ messages” as long as letters. 
Why don’t they realize there are other callers besides themselves? It is impossible to give good service if 1o calls are waiting and one person takes too long. 

Telepho ne 

Dear Ann Landers: 
I am one of the many hotel telephone operators who work at a big metropoli­ tan hotel, and our switchboards are always very busy. 
During certain periods of the day we are run crazy with all the lines going at once. It’s impos­ sible to lake long mcs- 

Dozens of hotel opera­ tors will be grateful if you will ask the public to show a little considera­ tion. And please, if it takes us a while to answer a call, don’t say, 
“ Oh, you’re there! I thought all of you had died.” — Griped 

VISIT OUR NEW SHOWROOM TODAY 

93 2 9 W u r z b a c h a t 

This is the sa le yo u ve b een limiting fo r! No w yo n ca n, d eco ra te yo ur ho me with to p - fjua lity lines selected b y Dia nne 
Fla ck \s p ro f(*ssio na l d esig ners a t very sp ex d a l lo w p rices! 

B l u e m e l / 6 96 - 1 7 91 
C L E A R A N C E i S A E E 
S a vin g s U p to 5 o % o ff. 

Dear G.: 
Here’s your letter but don’t expect it to change anything. Some people are impatient, de­ manding and sarcastic and they take out their frustrations on the first person they talk to — which in many instances is you. 

Nothing runs 
HkeaDeere^ 

And nothing rides like o 

Deere! 6-HP RIDING 

M O W ER with padded con- 

Yes, we have the 
Electric W eed 
Eater * 
Trimmer! 

95 

 tour seat, en­ closed engine, 

5-speed' 

 transmission, 
3o” mower. 

\ 

*724 95 

This 
18 inch 
ROTARY 
M O W ER has 3-HP engine, 

 safety discharge chute, 

 and handles that fold 

 for easy storage. 

M 34’* 
(Cross Bog Ixtro) 

In -Sh o p 

ENGINE TUNEUP SPECIAL 

W E A LSO STOCK C H A IN SA W S, 
TILLERS & G A RD EN TRACTORS. 

(Lewnmower or 
Chain Saw, any m ake or model) 

•‘W o know small »ngimtl” 
9 5 

 pluc porta 

 p p liw n g g 
, 

Lawn & Garden Equipment 

3339 S.W. Military (lust W. uf Somerset M.) 
924-8 3 3 6 

CALIFORNIA DESIGN 
All leather 8 4 ' queen size, sofa sleeper. 
Light saddle color. Super comfortable, 

Reg $ 158o.oo 
SELIG MODULAR 
7 piece sofa grouping. Terra Cotta leather seats and back with linen base. 
LTt i mm 
S a le S I 
CLASSIC 
All leather, low arm, 8 4 ’ sofa. 
Contemporary spice color. 

Reg, S 14oo,oo m a r g e c a rsen 
All leather tuxedo style 8 4" sofa dork antique brown. 

Reg. $1395 oo 
! < a l e 11^ 7 1 1 3 . o 4 1 
LEATHER CRAFT 
All leather low arm design 8 4" sofa. 
Antique brown 

Reg $132o oo 
1113.oo 

L e a l l i e r i ' h a i r » « & 

O i l o n i a n M 
CLASSIC 
All leather chair in rich brown color. Bustle 

 m a t c h i n g o t t o m a n 

Reg. $25o.oo 
^ale 1o11.oo 

LEATHER CRAFT 
All leather chair, toast color. Hi back 

 r.oT m.oo 
Sal»* S .in .t .O » 
MATCHING OTTOMAN 

Reg $235 oo 
^ a l e i < l o 
3 
. o 
o 
CLASSIC 
All leather chair, California Hi Back design 
Antique blue color. 

Reg $748.oo 
H3o11.oo 

MATCHING OTTOMAN 

Reg. $253 oo i^alf»* I o11.oo 

CLASSIC WING CHAIR 
All leather contemporary yellow with brass nail head trim. Chippendale leg, 

Reg $6oo.oo 
^al<‘ H I 3o.o41 

I'lih a lM io r o if ^io fa » & 

COMFORT DESIGNS 
Modular 7 piece sofo grouping, W rapped cane sides and back, cushions in durable textured fabric. Rust, brown, off-white design. 
Ren22oo,oo 
HI 141o3.o41 

LEATHER CRAFT 
All leather. Antique glaze rust with nail head trim Full tuftea. 

H n U - M 4I o 
3 
. 4I 4I 
R«o $775.oo 
SELIG 
3 piece sectional fully upholstered in off white and brown textured Indian design fabric. iTsieoooo Sal«* S I X».*».»«» 
VANGUARD 
6o 
Love Seat. Fully hpHolstered Parson leg. Durable yellow-lime & white design 
M M95 
oo 
Sal«* san.v.oo 

CHARLTON SOFA 

Sectional sofa, cane arm, fully upholstered in rust, blue & off white linen print fabric. 

R,,^ $115o oo s a u * 
JESSUP 
Fully upholstered 8 o loose cushion sofa. 
Orange and royal blue shell design. 

Sal«*SI».-S.OO 

SWAIM DESIGNS 
Fully upholstered tuxedo style 8 4" sofa. 
Green, gold, red oriental design cotton fabric. Scotchguarded. 

R.:g $65o oo 
H i a l e H l f » 
3 .4 1 4 1 
ENNIS 
84' traditional style loose cushion sofa with bolster pillows. Royal blue, green, yellow, white floral design quilted fabric. 
Yellow contrast welts. 

R.;g $695 oo 
H i a l c * H i 3 3 4 l . 4M 
I 
ENNIS 
8 4" traditional style loose cushion sofa. 
Fully upholstered in white Haitian cotton fabric. Fringe trim on skirt. 

Reg, $775 oo 
^ a l # ^ 
1*14 15 13 . 4M 
I 

VANGUARD 
Tiaditional style 8 4 sofo fully upholst(>red Parson log Blue, brown, fan goomotric design linen bltmd fabric. 

R-g $655 oo 
^ a l f * 1^ 3 2 3 . 4 1 4 1 

THAYER COGGIN 
Comfemporary style sofa White wicker firms, green and white fern print cotton 

¡"'/'yj-, oo 
Sial«* « Ift.V .O O 

MATCHING LOVE SEAT 

Reg $55o oo 
S 
ìm U - M : | » 3 
. 4I 4I 

ENNIS 
6o contemporary style love seat. Lattice 

 design on arms. Brown, white, Imen blend fabric. 

R(?g $665 oo 
% n U - S 
3 
» 
3 
. 4I 4I 
THAYER COGGIN 
6o contemporary style love seat. White 
Haitian cotton fabric. 

Rvg $395 oo 
^ ì a l o M 
2 
» 
3 
. 4I 4I 

VANGUARD 

Traditional style 84 sofa. Loose cushion with bolsters fully upholstered in rust, blue, brown, white oriental print cotton fabric. 

 kS.-g $849 oo 
S u U - ) < 4M 
I 3 
. 4M 
I 

CLARK CASUAL 
White Rattan sofa. Green and white design. Lmen-cotton blend fabrir 
R,;g $745 oo 
I»3.4141 lliiiinjut It«141o1 
CENTURY CHIN HUA 
Dming Room Suite. Orientol style. Ebony rind burl wood finish. Table 46"X76 ext. to 11 2 . 2 host chairs, 4 slat back side chniis. 

 oo s a i« * « i z tii.t.o » 
CHINA 
LIGHTED 
76 X16'/? ■X82'/?" Beveled gins-, doors with nd|ustoble gloss shelves. Base has 
4 doors with silver tray and shelvc'S. 
R»‘g -.1767 oo 
Sal«“ M i 56 
33.4141 

BUFFET 
73 X18 X3o‘/2", Five drawers with silver 

 in V ^lO O 
S a i « * s 

 ll«“«lr«Miiii 
CENTURY CHIN HUA WALL 
HEADBOARD 
W all heodboard Ebony finish King size 
R.-g $V2o oo 
«iual«“ H:I34I.4I4I 
4»aai«“ ^«“4k \ii«I lli*«“akl‘aMi K«i«ftiii S«“i^ 
Your choice. 2o% off regular price. 
A«*«*«»!<iM>ri«“i« %% all llan|2liii}y(»« Aim I l^aiii|i»« 
Select group. Reduced 1o% to 5o ■; ltak«“r Far FokI 
4'«ill«“«*li«»ii 
Oueen Size Canopy Bod. 
R g $12oo oo 
<>ial«* M U 5 o . o o 
!<ial«*KI 1oo.oo 

Chest Night Stand. 
R'.-g $ 
6 
7 
5 oo 
$ iial«“ 14 
17 
3.4141 

8ANKAlfERIC»D.!- 

o P IN S A T .9T o 5 
R e v o l v i n g C h a r g e 
DIAtXME FLACK 
INTERIORS-SAN ANTONIO 

9 3 2 9 Wurzba ch a t 
Rluemel / 69 6-1 7 9 1 
Op en Th u rsd ay ’til 8 

Poge 
2-E______ Son Antonio EXPRE$S-NEWS— Soturdoy May 28 1977 
Co uple ma rried 
5o y ea rs 

Mr. and Mrs. Henry E. 
Tau bert will celebrate their 5 oth wedding anni- 
\ersary at 6 p .m. Su nday with a Mass in St. Map ^ 
M agdalen 
Catho lic 
Chu rch, fo llo wed by a re­ cep tio n fro m 7 to 9 p .m. in the Gazebo at Lo s Pa­ tio s. 

Ho sts will be the co u ­ p le’s children, Mr. and 
Mrs. Henry E. Tau bert 
Jr.. and their grandchil­ dren, Mr. and Mrs. Gre­ go ry Sto u ffer, Jim Tau ­ bert and his fiance, Al­ berta Snav ely . 

Mr. and Mrs. Tau bert were m arried May 3o, 
1927 , in Caldwell. 

MR. AND MRS. HENRY E. TAUBERT 
Center o ffers children’s pla y s 

DISTRESSED 

» ^ C A R E 
3 2 6 - 4 4 4 3 

Du ring the su m m er, 
San Anto nio Fine Arts 
Center will p resent a children’s p lay at 2 p .m. ev ery Satu rday by p ro ­ fessio nal, adu lt acto rs. 
Liv e mu sic also will be u sed. 
A different p lay will be p resented each mo nth. 
“ The Wind in the Wil­ lo ws” is the Ju ne classic 

 children’s talc, “ Sleep ing 
Beau ty " is the Ju ly p lay and “ The E m p ero r’s 
New Clo thes” will be sho wn in Au gu st. 
Su mmer seaso n tickets are cu rrently being o f fered at a redu ced rate 
The Fine Arts Center is in 
MacArthu r Plaza at Na co gdo ches Ro ad at Bit fers. 

OlomaiiSl Skop 
Holf fmd liirg« Size fashions 

Knee-Hig h 
Ho siery SALE 
3 pr. 2 .2 5 

KEG. 1 .o o pr. 

SIZES Medium,, La rg e 

Perfect fo r summer wea r with 
\o iir pa nts a mi jea ns. Wide a nd ex tra wide widtlis, lo ng a nd ex tra lo ng leng ths, a mi w ith co mfo rta ble ela slieizetl lo ps. Of ny lo n in True Beig e a nd Mistv 
Ta upe. Slo ek u[» no w a nd SAV E! 

PANT SALE 

1 1 9 
9 
R E G . 8 18 

SIZES 3 8 to 52 

SAV E 1 /3 1 Bea utifully ta ilo red pull-o n pa nts fo r summer to mix 'ii niuteh with y o ur fa v o rite to ps. Of po ly ester twill knit in ro y a l blue, y ello w, red, hla ek, bro wn, na v y , g reen a nd white. 

NO. MAIN A\ t . / M JL IT A R y DR. PLAZA 
NORTH .^1 AK M ALL / WONDERLAND 

 i l l 
C h r i i 
- t i uikI iiou-l<*ii 

Dia g no sis brig ht fo rM.D.s 

By SUSAN BOE 

There may be so me co nfu sio n at the Ho lco mb ho u se when so ­ meo ne asks if the do cto r is in. 

That’s becau se bo th Henry and Jean 
Ho lco mb will beco me M.D.s du ring gradu atio n cerem o nies fo r the UT 
Health Science Center at 3 p .m. Satu r­ day in Lau rie Au dito riu m. 
The Ho lco mbs are o ne o f two co u p les in the 119 member class gradu ating fro m the medical scho o l. 
Henry will receiv e his dip lo ma first, bu t chau v inism has no thing to do with that—his name co mes befo re Jean’s alp habetically . 
The co u p le to o k a break fro m a week o f celebrating to reflect u p o n the last fo u r y ears o f balancing m edical stu dies with a marriage. 
“Witho u t q u estio n, mo d scho o l is easier when bo th the hu sband and wife are inv o lv ed,” co mments Henry , with no hesitatio n. 
Jean agrees, “ Yes, it was p retty neat. I think medical scho o l wo u ld hav e been m iserable witho u t him 
(Henry ).“ 

Needless to say , medicine has been the do minant to p ic o f co nv ersatio n in their marriage the last fo u r y ears. 
“Du ring the p re-clinical classes, we discu ssed it co nstantly —o v er su p p er, with friends, at breakfast, ev ery where. 
Henry wo u ld be in the sho wer and y ell o u t a q u estio n. 
“He still nev er tires o f ‘talking me­ dicine,’ altho u gh I enjo y discu ssing art o r literatu re. Of co u rse, that ties in with my p sy chiatry interest,” Jean relates. 
In retro sp ect, the co u p le feels their main p ro blems were do mestic like: 
Who ’s go ing to do the lau ndry ? 
Jean brags that Henry is a “su p er do mestic” and willingly shared the lau ndry , cleaning and co o king cho res. 
“ If I had a macho hu sband, there might hav e been p ro blems,” she say s. 
Desp ite a shared p assio n fo r medi­ cine, the Ho lco mbs o u tside activ ities 
(when there’s time) are v aried. Henry enjo y s cy cling, handball and p ho to ­ grap hy while Jean likes art, literatu re, mu sic, jo gging and ro ck dancing. 

Cha lleng e 

Chica g o 

The two met at Rice Univ ersity and married the su mmer after gradu atio n. 
Jean receiv ed a research fello wship at the Univ ersity o f Chicago where they sp ent the first y ear o f marriage. 

“Du ring that time I decided to be a do cto r” ’ Henry ex p lains. That was 
Jean’s decisio n, to o , and bo th ap p lied to medical scho o ls in Tex as. 

Altho u gh Jean felt co nfident bo th wo u ld be accep ted, Henry admits they made so me alternate p lans. 
Any wo rries were u nfo u nded fo r bo th gained early accep tance at the scho o l here. 
As members o f the class o f ‘77 the 
Ho lco mbs attended classes to gether, had labs to gethers, went thro u gh the wards to gether, and stu died fo r tests to gether. 
Mu ch o f this to getherness was thro u gh cho ice. “We o ften sat to gether in classes becau se o f alp liabelical arrangements, bu t ev en when seating wasn't assigned. I'd sit nex t to Jean. 
After all, who else wo u ld I rather sit by ?” Kenry smiled. 
Within this su p p o rtiv e rather than co m p etitiv e env iro nm ent, the Ho l­ co mbs u su ally sco red within a few p o ints o f o ne ano ther o n tests. (They wo u ldn’t tell who was the better stu ­ dent.) 
“Whenev er there was a flu ke and o ne sco red mu ch higher, we’d bo th feel bad,” Henry rep o rts. 

Altho u gh the Ho lco mbs hav e su r­ v iv ed the demands o f medical scho o l, the challenge has o nly begu n. 
Bo th hav e been accep ted fo r intern­ ship s at the 
U niv ersity o f f’hicago —their first cho ice. Henry will begin his internship nex t week, bu t 
Jean has p o stp o ned her internship fo r a y ear. 
“The first y ear is the wo rst. We'd nev er see o ne ano ther if we were bo th interning at the same tim e.” Jean ex p lains. 
The internship -residency lasts three y ears. Then Henry ho p es to sp ecialize in internal medicine with a su b-sp e­ cializatio n in endo crino lo gy fo r ano ther three y ears. He’ll then p u rsu e a career in academic medicine. 
.lean’s interests are in p sy chiatry , which also means ano ther fo u r to fiv e y ears o f stu dy . 
Once their scho o ling is co mp leted, bo th will be able to co ntro l their ho u rs better than p hy sicians in general medicine. “The ho u rs will be lo ng, bu t at least they ’ll be mo re p redictable,” 
Henry ex p lains. 
Different 
Op timistic abo u t the fu tu re, Henry say s, “ It’s v ery help fu l we ha\ e fu nda­ mentally different interests—mine in p u re medicine and Jean in behav io r. 
We’re no t co mp eting to learn the same info rmatio n.” 
Do they hav e a p rescrip tio n fo r o ther co u p les sharing the rigo rs o f p ro fes­ sio nal scho o l? 

“ It’s cru cial that y o u really be go o d friends.” Gu ess that’s ju st what the do cto r o rdered! 
PEO to meet 
Sa turda y 

Chap ter Y. PEO, will meet fo r lu ncheo n at 12:3o p .m. Satu rday in the ho me o f Mrs. Jack Al- lenswo rth. 
Co -ho stesses inclu de 
Mrs. Farrel E. Beck. Ro ­ land R. Cru tcher. Jo hn S. 
Ev ans. L.H. Wingett and 
H.A. Van Au ken. 

MAY nrREND-SETTER 
SALE 
Everything...2oto5o°oOff! 

Custom Made Five Piece Sectionals 

A beautiful five piece sectional that can be custom made to any size. And, you can have your choice of a large variety of fabrics that will lend themselves to any decor, whether you prefer traditional, transitional or contemporary. This excel­ lently constructed set features angled corner pieces for full all around seating. 
Choose one of our floor models or special order to your specifications, you'll save during the May Trend Setter Sale. 
2o% off regular price. 

Just an example of the Trend-Setting sav­ ings at Trend House throughout the month of May. Every item in the store is 
2o to 5o% off. All the quality names In furniture...Thomasville, Century, Hibriten, 
Stanley, Thayer Coggin, Flair, Weiman, 
Hickory Tavern, Oxford, Clyde Pearson and Stiffel. Don't miss it...it'sourbigone! d b nrREND 
MOUSE 

Colonies North Mall / 1-1o West at Wurz- bach / 696-3641. Open 1o to 6...until 9 on Thursdays. Master Charge, Bank Amer- 
¡card, and 9o day charge. 

 l ove i s 

...slip p ing him y o u r p u rse in case he’s a bit sho rt. 

TM «•« u t »i t on -ÂH fl tM» e tttr tM tkngtl mt "Hmm 

Express-News: 

Want Ads 

1225-1666 

HENRY AND JEAN HOLCOMB 
...they’ll become doctors Saturday 

OPEN YOUR 
WORLD... 
“through children’s leyes” 

Come register this week for 
“Molly Bar," the most adorable stuffed bear ever. While you're there, introduce yourself to the most unique toy store in town. 

Bring this ad for a 1o% 
D IS C O U N T on any regular mer­ chandise. We have free ballons for everyone! 

T H R O U G H C H IL D R E N 'S E Y E S 
53oo McCullough - The Yard 
828-2286 
“The Toy Store That Likes Children.' 

 i r PRE INVENTORY SALE i t 
1 WEEK ONLY — M A Y 29 THRU JUNE 5 

OVSRSTOCKED ON 
W INDSOR & NEWTON 
WATER COLORS 
LARGE TUBES — (NOT ALL COLORS) 

Series 1 
Series 3 
Series 4 
Series 5 

Reg. Price 
2.25 
3.oo 
3.85 
7.55 

Sale Price 
1 . 1 5 
1.5o 
Ì .9S 
3.8 o 
SOME OIL COLORS ALSO 
5o% OFF (VARIETY OF BRANDS) 
CLOSE OUT SPECIAL 
METAL SECTION FRAMES 

(NOT ALL SIZES) 
GOLD - SILVER 
PEWTER - BLACK 
' A PRICE 

73o WEST SUMMIT 
(IMOCKiASrOriUNCORO.) 
PHONI7 32 -8 6 7 1 

Vi OFF 
ACRYLICS 
HYPLAR Mediums 
(Glo ss Matte) 
Vanguard Colors 
Small & Large Tu bes 
Vanguard Mediums 
Damar Varnish Qu arts 
Cry stal Clear Varnish 
Canvas Boards 
24X36 
2 4 X3 o 
2 o X 3 o 

Limited Qu antity 

CRAFT SPECIALS 
CRAFT BOOKS 
Reg. 1.oo 
Glitter 
Treasure Jewels 
J 
Liquid Pearl 
______________ 

(CASH OR CHECK ONLY) 

Leo na rd’s Co lo nia l Sho ppe 

SHOWCASE OF AMERICAN TRADITION 

^ 
DAYS ONLY! 
SPECIAL HOURS: 
< 
SALE ENDS 
OPEN M O N D A Y 
^ MAY 31st 
'TIL 9:oo P.M. 
All-Out Mid -Yea r 
Clea ra nce Sa le! 

Half of Q great furniture sale is how much money you can save. 
The other — and even more important — half is what you get for the money you spend. 
H Get it all together — great savings and great furniture values — in our great clearance sale. 
SA VE 2o % TO 5o % 

2o % OFF 

ALL 
PENNSYLVANIA 

HOUSE 
UPHOLSTERY 

If we don’t have what you want we will order it for you at sale prices! 

2o % OFF 

ALL 
LA-Z-BOY 

 recli- 
Rockers and ners in stock. 
Complete select­ ion. Just in time for that special 
Fa­ ther’s Day Gift! 

• FABULOUS FURNITURE • BEAUTIFUL WALL DECOR 
• MARVELOUS LAMPS AND ACCESSORIES 
• 1,2, and FEW-OF-KIND PIECES • CONVENIENT CREDIT 
• IMMEDIATE FREE DELIVERY AND SET UP IN YOUR HOME 
• GREAT VALUES AND MUCH, MUCH MORE 

SALE BU Y IN G — WELL D O N E — is the most budget-easing and satisfying home beautifying of all. But beware! Choose your sale with care! Make sure it hos both vital halves . . . Great savings and great furniture! That's exactly what our Mid-Year Clearance 
Sale is oil about! 

GREAT FURNITURE AT GREAT S A V IN G S . . . BOTH ARE HERE! Everywhere. In great pro fusion. Sale stocks are taken directly from our regular stocks. Same smort designers. Same fomous manufacturers. W e simply set aside one and few-of-kind items, discontinued ond slow-moving models, and floor samples, and cot their prices deeply! W e promise both your budget and your perception will love this Mid-Year Clearance. 

C O M E SEEI Y O U 'Ll SEE F A M O U S N A M ES LIKE B EN N IN G T O N PINE, LEATHERCRAFT, 
N IC H O LS A N D STONE, HITCHCOCK, MAXWELL ROYAL, V A N G U A RD , G EO R G E BENT. 
OUOIZEL, PENNSYLVANIA HOUSE, A N D M A N Y , M A N Y M O R I! Then let your fingers and eyes do the discovering os you explore upholsteries from silk sleek to plush thick woods like satin . . . colors like ^ e four seasons . . . Designs like o decorating hond book 
Certoinly doesn’t sound like it either! Only the mark downs make it so. That's becouse this is not half o sole with savings only . , but one whole sole where you get the beouhful furniture you've always wanted . . . at prices far lower than other times, other places 

A S A B O N U S . . , W e added our entire line of Lo-Z-Boy rocker rediners ond Pennsylvonio 
House upholstery line at 2o % OFF. For three days only. Hurry for best selection! 
BE HERE EARLY. Bring along someone you love to shop with and SEE EVERYTHING You could just go home with savings of o lifetime on furniture fit to be loved for o lifetime! 

FLOOR 
LAMPS 

Brighten your home with this beautiful floor lamps. Beside your favorite reading choir or at the end of sofa with just the right amount of light selected by the 3-woy switch. 
Bronze finish to compliment any decor. Shade of beige silk shantung. 5 8 ” toll. 

REG. $89.95 

SALE PRICE 
*6995 

EA. 

* 

THE 
DICTIONARY 
STAND 

A greot way to display your dictionary, family Bible or any other important books 
. . . and its always handy and ready for use. Dork brown antique finish. 

REG. $1o4.95 

SALE PRICE 
95 
* 8 4 

Miniature chests, solid cherry with cherry veneers, ideal for charside tables or bun­ ching tables. 
Made by 
Pennsylvania 
House. 
^ 
REG. $239 
Sale only 
119 

Luxurious leather club chairs by 
Leathercraft. One green, one gold. Very comfortable. Your choice I 
O A 
Reg. $5o9-$527. Sole only 
I I V 
• 

Country English dining room. Unique blend of oak, maple and pine with o rich, dork finish. The suite includes the table, 6 6 "x 
4 4 ”, two leaves that will extend the table to 1o2”, 6 side chairs, 2 arm choirs, buf­ fet base with china top, 
6 8”Wx 
81 ”Hx2o”D. Come in early to get this 

Save $65o. 
Sole only *25 98. 

Lorqe, comfortable pillow bock sofa. 
Towny pine trim. Orange, green, and brown floral print on beige bockground. 
Exceptional value. 
Reg. $1o21.5o. 
Sole only •75 9. 

Mirror in weathered pine frame. 22”x- 
4 8”H. 
Reg. $77. 
Sole only m 

Queen Ann solid oak dining table with three side chairs and one arm choir. Table is 4 2” diom. One set only! 
Reg. $1o45. 
Sole only *799. 

Pennsylvania House wing choir in soft brown vinyl. Looks like real leather. A real 

R e g"$345. 
Sale only *269 . 

SAVE UP TO 
4 o% 
SOFAS, CHAIRS 
LOVESEATS and 
OTTOMANS 
All from our regular stock. All ore great values to be treasured for o lifetime. 

MISCELLANEOUS 
CHAIRS 
Great for desk chairs or extra side chairs. Shop early for the best bargains! 

RUSTIC 
PLANT 
STANDS 
A great way to display your favorite plants. Use alone or in pairs. Two sizes to choose from. Help your plants to stand toll and be more beautiful. Great for any room. 
3o” STAND 
REG. 35 .5 o 
SALE 
$ ^ ^ 9 5 
PRICE 
38” STAND 
REG. 39.95 
SALE 
$ ^ 1 A 9 5 
PRICE *29 

REG. 132.oo 

< 9 9 

Memories are built around chairs like these! Contoured frame is solid maple in a rich, dark brown finish. 
The seat and back are of a closely woven natural cane. 

This is a storewide clearance. Shop now for these and many, many more unlisted bargains from our regular stock of name brand merchandise. All sales are final. No returns. No home approvals or mail orders, please. Sale items are subject to prior sale. Shop early. 
Quantities are limited. 

THE COLLECTOR'S 
GRAND STAND 
$79 
Solid Cherry! Display your plants or any collection, 
12”Wx1 2 ”Dk4 1”H. 
ONLY 
5o 

Comporcible Value $ 159 

Leo na rd’sCo lo nia l Sho ppe 

1 o 1 1 1 
COACHilGHT 3 4 1 -2 2 2 5 
1 MINUTE NORTH OF LOOP 41o, JUST OFF SAN PEDRO 
OPEN 9t3o-5{3o DAILY 
OPEN ’TIL 9 THURSDAY NIGHTS 
PLENTY OF PARKING 
IN OUR SPACIOUS LOTS 

. 
^ ^ 
X. 
. . . k ^ Ik h Jk k . JL .S. ik. Jk. k.. k . .Jk tk Jl 
•«> 1 
> A 
.A 
♦ .1» i 
.4 ..i 

San Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— Soturdoy Moy 28 197 7 
Dining in 'Old Kentucky Ho me’ 

Stra in o f the lo v ely so ng written by Ste­ phen Fo ster ca n be hea rd thro ug ho ut the g reen ho rse co untry o f Kentucky . 
“ M y Old K en tuck y 
H o m e ,” in s pire d by a be a utiful old m a n sio n n e a r Bardstown, is now the s t a l e so n g of K en ­ tucky — and the favorite of many of its people. 
Southern living, espe- 
, eially dining, has always been elegant, and K en­ tucky boasts of its homes and all the furnishings inside. 
Beautiful Federal Hill, the home which inspired the w ell-know n F o s te r ballad, is typical of the 

 mansions in the state. 
In s id e , gleam in g silver, spa rk lin g g la ss­ ware and fabulous foods- adorn the tables. 
A favorite entree for an easy but e le g a n t 
Kentucky com pany din­ ner is duckling. One duck serves four diners nicely; a brace serves eight. 
Wise eooks keep a brace of duckling handy ill the ir f r e e /c r s so the y ’re ready for easy but elegant company or family dinners. 
Menu 
The d uck lin g can be cooked outside or inside; barbecu(‘d or oven roast­ ed. It m ay be served w hole, halved or qua r ­ tered. 
. m 

A B a rd s to w n d in n e r s ta rs 
H oney 
G lazed 
D uckling w ith P ec a n 
Cornbread Stuffing. 
Fresh fruit laced with 
Grand M arnier (served with toasted wafers( be­ gins the feast and is fol­ lowed by the duckling, spiced peach halves and typically Kentucky vege­ tables. 
New potatoes in cream sauce and either green beans or turnip greens with bacon are Southern treats. Even a vegetable salad blends beautifully with the rest of the din­ ner 
Truly Southern breads, perhaps butterm ilk bis­ cuits or Sally Lund bread, d elight hom etow n r e s i ­ dents as well as visitors. 
B ulterballs. straw berry preserves and assorted pickles add glamor and good taste. 

So uthern living , esp ecia lly d in­ ing , ha s a lwa ys b een eleg a nt a nd Kentuck y b o a sts o f its ho mes a nd a ll the furnishing s insid e. 

And, for dessert, old- fashioned fruit c re a m ta rts! Coffee or dem i- tasse and after dinner li­ queur complete this m e­ morable meal. 
Ho iiev Gla zed 
«1 
Duckling with Peca n 
Co rnbrea d 
Stuffing 
1 frozen duckling (4% to 5 pounds), defrosted 
» 4 teaspoon salt 
14 cup honey 
I 4 cup bourbon. If de­ 

 sired 
1 cup sliced celery t/4 cup chopped onion 
^4 cup butler or m a r­ garine 
2 cups crumbled corn­ bread 
2 cups i> 2*inch) bread cubes 
J 2 cup chopped pecans 
Wash, d rain and dry duckling. Sprinkle neck and body cavities with V 2 teaspoon salt. 

P re pa r e glaze. C om ­ bine honey and bourbon if used; bring to sim m ering stage; set aside. 

P repare stuffing. Cook celery and onion in butter or m a r g a r i n e un til tender, but not brown. 
Add bre a d s , pecan s, re m a in in g ^4 teaspoon s a lt an d V 
4 cup of r e ­ served glaze or 2 table­ spoons each of honey and water; toss lightly. 
Stuff duckling cavities loosely. Skewer neck skin to back. Cover opening of body cavity with alum in­ um foil; tie legs together loosely. 

Place duckling on rack in shullow roasting pan 
Bake in slow oven (325 deg ree) until m eat on drumstick is very tender, 
2 to 2Vi hours. 
B rush d uckling with glaze or honey several times during last 3o m in­ utes cooking lime. Serve w ith spiced pe a c he s. 
Makes 4 servings. 

[WEEKEND COUPONS 
■ C O IIIH IK * 
Golden “T” 
- i 
- c h a r c o a l! 
BRIQUETS 

8 
8 
* 

CSOOD TH«U S/M/77I 
■ ■ILGiihlXlei ■ ÉI 
- C O I I I * O K - n 
I 

1o lb. bo«. Modt compì* ttlyfTom hmbMsd producH. It’s picnic timel 

 limit 2 
S/M/77I 

; TO* Y 
SOFT 

 a bsorbent 
TOWELS 

T.G.&Y. 
PAPER 
TOWELS 

1 2 o c t . - 2 p l y p e r r o l l w h i t e w / a s s f d . borders. LIMIT 4. 
I 

GOOD THRU 5 / 2 8 / 7 7 H 
-C O IIIH IN — ■ 
A L U M I N U M * 
^ C H A I R i 
Vinwl 

Preg na nt teens nutritio n victims 

HONEY GLAZED DUCKING— FEDERAL HILL STYLE 
. . .with Pecan Cornbread Stuffing and all the trimmings 

Vinyl w ebbing, 
23 ”x 32” , 
1 multi color. 

O O O D THRU 5/28 /771 i— l N 
T r - 
' T i 

 r 
- C O I I I H I S !- 
PAPER 
PLAf ES 
9” white. 1oo ct. pkg. 
LIMIT 2 

« 

GOOD 

Æ 
O j s . Y J 

> Tmu S / H / 77 I 
'mwrnwM 
| r ~ C o1IIM »N - 
”,FOAM ICE c h est; 
Molded handles. Nice for trips. 28 Q uart. 

LIMIT 2 

C 

L h 
______________________ 
» C O I I I N N i - 
3 

27”x 72”, comes In hot bright colors, 8 gouge plastic. 
LIMIT 2 

AIR MATTRESS 
99*i 
IMIT 2 
GOOD THRU 5/2 8 /77I 
■ U C f iü iY a i HB ■ ■ 
- c o n i N i i f i - 1 
. 
I 

FAMUy NAPKINS 
NApkm s 

• 16o Ct. Pkg. 
I 
2 SÎ 99'i 
PKG. m 
L 

LIMIT 4 
« 
• W hite 
6ooo THRU s/21/72 ■ 

 mm TiOi*, Y— 1 J 

‘ i C A vci I c: h 
I 
__ isAYELLE \, h^.*SAYELLE \ iSAYELLE 1 ^ 

By JANE BLBRICH 
Ex press-News Food 
Editor 

Ta ke a lo o k a t this 
“ g irl nex t do o r.” 
She is an adolescent, and her family is on wel­ fare. 
Her weight is not quite right for her height. 
She has a health prob­ lem that requires a spe­ cial d ie t, but she is hooked on junk foods. 
She also m ight be an alcoholic, a drug addict and/or a smoker. 
And s he ’s prone to anemia. 
But look again. 
She is pregnant. 
Is she re a d y for he r first pregnancy? Or IS it her first? 
And w hat is the c o m ­ munity doing to help her prepare for delivering a f ull- te r m , n o rm a l, healthy, happy baby? 
“ M o the rs a re m a d e , not born, from a n utri­ tional standpoint,” notes one d o c to r who is in ­ volved w ith public health. 
Dr. William .1. McGan- ity is c ha irm a n of the 
Department of Obstetrics and G ynecology at the 
University of Tex as Me­ dical Branch, Galveston. 
He was one of four speakers at the seventh annual National Dairy, 
C ouncil Food W r i t e r s ’ 
C onference held at the 
G alt H ouse H otel in 
Louisville. 
1 2 to 2o 
The subject was “ E at­ ing Your Way from 12 to 
2o,” and Dr. McGanity’s topic was nutrition needs of the ad olescent, w ith partic ula r em phasis on the nutritional problems a s so c ia te d w ith r e pr o ­ duction. 
“ T he pun chlin e.” he says, “ is ‘When is the obketric patient at a nu­ tritional risk ?"’ 
Of the conditions m en­ tioned in the hypothetical profile above, age is a critical factor, he points out. 
F am ily planning pro­ g ram s have not had the s a m e im pa c t on the 
“ m inority teen-age but sex ually active fem ale” tha t the y have had on other reproductive-aged women. 

Over 2o per cent of all live births nationally are 
Pa rties 

M iss L isbeth Leigh 
F^ax ton, who will become the bride of Allen Kirsh of 
McAllen Saturday, is be­ ing feted at prenuptial parlies. 
M rs. N athan K irsch and her daughters, H ar­ riett and 
(Fail, enter­ tained with the rehearsal d in n e r F rid a y in the 
Gazebo at Los F^atios. 
P a rtie s already held include a miscellaneous show er given by M rs. 
Earl Kuchera and Mrs. 
M ichael Killey at the home of the former. Mrs. 
I.arry Moore was hostess for a rice bag party, 
Mrs. Harold Skeen and 
Jud ith Pax ton were co- hostesses for the brides­ m a id s ’ dinner in King 
Wall, Austin parties in- 

S A Y E L L E » 
Y A R N 
Aift. Colors 
^ 
LIMIT 6 
, good thru 5/28/7 7 g m m m irr \ mwm 

DR. WILLIAM 
McGANITY 

 by women less than 
2o years of age, say s Dr. 
McGanity. 
“ There are four or five segments to the problem of the nutritional im pli­ cation to pregnancy,” he adds, looking at age from another angle. 
"T he most im portant s e g m e n t is how m any years have passed since m en arclie 
(o n set of menses. 12.3 years on the average).” 
F ro m a biological standpoint, he ex plains, 
“ If more than five years have passed, there is no o bs te tric a l d iffe re n c e between her (the adoles­ cent who is preg n a n t) and a woman 25 or 3o years old.” 
If those five years have not passed, however, age thro w s her a n o the r curve. 
She is still growing! 
Because she is econo­ m ic ally d e prive d , she m ay not be getting en ­ ough food even though calorie requirem ents in­ crease during growth to m e et the d e m a n d s of tissue synthesis. 
And, of course, she just may not be getting the right kinds of foods. 
A risk 
“ Who is a nutritional risk? When I see two or more low biochemistries 
(low hem oglobin. V ita­ min A deficiency, etc.) in the sa m e in d ivid ua l,” notes Dr. McGanity. 
Also be c a us e of he r age. she might not seek medical attention early enough in her pregnancy. 
“ Most (of these) pa- ho no r co uple 

 elude a couples’ shower given at the home of Dr. and Mrs. Jack Heacock w ith M ary 
B a z a r as co-hostess, and a person­ al shower at Lil Mor­ row’s with Toni Terzian- 
Burris and 
Autumn 
Deuel as eo-hoslesses. 
In M cAllen M r. and 
Mrs. Alex Sidlenick and 
Mr. and Mrs. Ben Klein were co-hosts for a bar- beque and Mrs. Morris 
Atlas and Mrs. Ben Hertz g ave a m is c e lla n e o us shower. A linen shower in the home of Mrs. Irving 
Shupiru had as eo-lios- tesses Mrs. Bertha Ha- binuvicli and Mrs. Myles 
;\aronsun. 

 tie n ts do not pre s e n t 
(themselves) to a doctor before pregnancy,” says 
Dr. McGanity. “ They do not turn up until they are e ig ht w eeks pre g n a n t. 
This is a vulnerable area for congenital m alform a­ tion.” 

The risk is increased considerably if she has been taking an oral con­ traceptive. 
“ Our position in family planning is that no a t­ tempt to become preg­ nant should be made until two s po n ta n e o us m e n ­ strual cycles after com ­ ing off the pill,” notes Dr. 
McGanity. 
Dr. M c G a n ity ’s ta lk ex plored m any other nu­ tritionally related pro b­ lems, pointing out facts such as smoking depleats 
Vitamin C. 
But he was heavy on the obesity question. 
“ And ladies.” he told his pre d o m in a n tly - female audience, “ it is your problem . It is not the pro ble m of the m ale.” 

S upe rim po s e p r e g ­ nancy on this condition, and there is an added risk to m o ther and child if diabetes has developed. 
Also, the n ur s in g m o ther. Dr. M cG anity says, needs an ex tra 1,ooo c alo ries a day for the baby. 
“ if she is not nursing and is going on the pill, she m ust reduce or she will have an ex tra five to e ig ht pounds on her f ra m e for each pr e g ­ nancy.” 

What kind of a diet dues he recommend? 
One that em braces the 
Basic F’our food groups— milk, meat, fruit-vegeta- ble and grain. 
In San Antonio, infor­ mation on the four food g roups, balanced m eal planning and weight con­ trol are available from 
Dairy Council, Inc. 

LFD/BLEDSOE FURN. 
WILL BE CLOSED 
SATURDAY 

SO THAT WE MAY PREPARE FOR A 

PRE-MEMORIAL DAY SPECIAL 
SALE 

THIS COMIHG SUHDAY, MAY 29TH 
FROM 1o A.M. TO 8 P.M. 
SAVIRCS OR EVERY ITEM IR 

TRESToREI3 1 5 E .C O M W L R C L 

I 
1 

SEE YOUR SUNDAY NEWSPAPER FOR MORE DETAILS^ 

Surv ey 

According to findings from the Tex as Nutrition 
S urvey 
( pa r t of the 
1o-Statc Nutrition Survey in which Dr. McGanity participated), there are ethnic, economic, educa­ tional, medical and den­ tal factors that influence health. 
In the mostly minority fa m ilie s surve y e d , females reached growth m a tur a tio n at 
17 years—but t’neir weight did not sto p c lim bin g then. 
At that age, 14 per cent of the women were more than 12o per cent of stan­ dard weight. By age 35 years, over 5o per cent of the women in the TNS samnle were obese. 

IIA T O k e e p c o o l in y o u r o w n n v • • POUGHBOY POOL! 

SALE PRICES THRU 5 P.M. 
MEMORIAL DAY 

BAHIA OR MOLOKAI 

18 Ft. 
Reg. $695 

. POOL PACKAGE INCLUDES; o Fitter • Ladder • Pump 
Vacuum Set • Thru W all Skimmer 

SALE»669 
Nckogt 

SUPER SPECIALS 

24 Ft. 
12 Ft. Pool ! 
12x28 Ft. 
: 

: Reg. $995 
' niwr t lodder 
• 
R« g.$lJ95 
1 

« « * 8 9 5 
» 1 2 9 ” sa iM 
o 9 5 

! 1 
Packoge 
] 1 t 1 
Pockoge 
| 

Ch«micols, Wottr Gomts ft Docks Availabb 

DESERT STAR 

16 Ft. X 4o Ft. 
Reg. $1995 

««’ 1 7 95 
Packagi 

TERMS & INSTAtUVTION AVAIIABIE! 

Pool, Filter, Ladder, Only 
15 Ft. I 
I R F t . f 
24 Ft. 
*359^4 6 9*6 99 

A 
POOL & BILLIARD y g 
« -35 
- T t A 
- 
SUPPLY 
. f / 
8 o1 5 WEBBLES 653 -1 566 
1 Block W e s t o f 135 o t W o U em Rd. 
OPEN DAILY 
# 
' 
^ 
Pork M 
M o n -F ri. 1 o :3 o - 6:3 o 
S at. 1 o :3 o -5 :o o 
C losed S un d ay t vY« u » f 1-35 o. WoU, 

Anniv ersa ry celebra ted 

BOLENS 
MULCHING MOWER does more work in less time. 

Say goodbye to raking, bagging and hauling cHppiogs. 
This unique mower cuts your grass and re-cyclp the clip­ pings back into the turf in one pass. Proven in a 2-year 
University study. Proven again in hundreds o f thousands of backyards all across the country. 
Bolens Mulching Mower. Heading a list of tough, reliable Bolens power products including riding mowers and garden tillers. And 9 Bolens lawn and garden tractors. 

Mr. and Mrs. W'illiam 
G. Mills celebrated their 
4oth wedding anniversary 
F r id a y with a d in n e r party. 
H osts w ere Don ft. 
F reilin g and W ayne E. 

Freiling, nephews of the honorées. 

M r. an d M rs. M ills w ere m a rrie d May 27, 
1937, in San A ntonio. 
They now live in Marion. 

When Bolens Mulching Mower cute your grass. 
It also cuts and recuts the clippings into tiny particles that disappear down into your lawn. 

At tfteee p a rtieip êtin g d a a la rt 
M&S LAWN SUPPLIES, Inc. — 89o2 BROADWAY — 826-6353 

B IL L ’S FIXIT SHOP 
12o3 % H ACK8ÌRRY-7 6 6 -4 3SÌ 
BANDfRA. TiXA S 
THE FIXIT SHOP l ua MMO» » MW* 
KftRVILLf. TIXAS 
OSBORHE’S LAWH & CftRDEH BLAHM miT leO éW H T A V l.-73 a .2 1 $* 
SAN ANTONIO. T fXAS 

4S46 BLANCO ID -34 1-o*8 3 
SAN ANTONIO. TIXAS* 

THE LAWH SHOP 
11* f llN P B E iG H -é S t.4 37 3 
UNIVfRSAL CITY. TiXAS 
BOERHE PLUMBIHG & SUPPLY 
♦55 N. M A IN -M 4 -3o 91 
BOIRNI. TIX AI 

Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— Soturdoy May 28 1977 

' I .-V V '" 

í¿ 
í 

Cooling tower of the Muhlheim-Korlich nuclear power plant near 
Koblenz, West Germany looms above a tiny country chapel, which still has a few trees behind it. — AP Wirephoto. 
Auction 

MEMORIAL DAY SPECIALS 

Cyclone 
Headers 
59 .9 S 

% 
Î 

^Polished 

I 

Aluminum 
Valve Covers from $19 .9 5 pr. 

Armstrong 
Tru-Trac 
1 M 5 4ply 
59 .9 5 + 4.18 

Cyclone 
Sidepipes 68.55 
» -I - 4 

4 a 
» 

Jackman 
Wheels 

Stroppe 
Front End Guards from 53.9 5 

1 Full Service Available for All 4WD Vehides 

JÜSîlü fBfCHtMANCi & OFF KOAO 
Jf/GÆAM 

5 @ 5 £ H Œ 
B Z B ^ ^ E : 
CREDIT AVAILABLE 

South of Wonderland 
7 3 6 -2 8 56 
SAL 

 sets 12 records 

1 5 % o f f o n a l l I n s t a l l a t i o n s w i t h t h i s A d 

MENTMORE. England 
(AP) — The toast racks and ch a m ber pots of 
M entm ore 
T ow ers stirred a s m uch e x c i­ tement Friday a s its an­ tique treasures had ea r­ lier. The “ S a le of the 
Century ” wound up with a grand total of nea rly 
$11 million. 
Sotheby ’s a uctioneers said more than a dozen a uction price records were set in the nine-day sa le that drew hundreds of dealers and collectors from around the world to this ha m let 5o m iles northwest of London. 
Not only the fabulous a ntique collection tha t 
Baron M ey er de Roths­ child gathered a century ago from palaces around 
Europe, but a lso the humbler contents of the 
8 o-room house helped pay tax es on the remainder of his heritage for another generation. 
The ba ron’s grea t-gra n d son , the seventh 
E a rl of Ro­ seb ery , is se llin g the 
Mentmore esta te to meet inheritance tax es. 
A Victorian seven-bar toa st rack fetched $221 and a Minton china toilet set — chamber pot, three b a sins and two tooth­ brush holders — brought 
$212.5o: 

All 4 Karotkin's stores will be open this Saturday for browsing only 

 m m s 
12 NOON TO 6 P.NL for a very special 

Save up to 5o % 
ON SELECT ITEMS 
SEE OUR AD IN SUNDAY'S PAPERI 
K arotkin ’s mah« « av arv k aiiaa a llttia 
■mnw IÜm liam« 

Broadway 
98o3 Broadway 
824-94o2 

Downtown 
231 E. C^mmorce 
227-6361 

North Star 
S. Now Braunfels * 
Son Podro * Loop 41o 
E. Soufhcross 534-6181 
342-2331 

Big M City ifoit * 

Israel holds back Day an appointment 

C O M P tU D ERO M W t K SERVICES 
JERUSALEM - Faced vuth a reb ellion both within his own party and among potential coalition partners, Menachem Be­ gin a greed F rida y to have his Likud party re­ consider his choice of 
Moshe Davan as foreign minister. 
Begin called a meeting of leaders of the five-fac­ tion Likud party for Sun­ day to d iscu ss his a p­ pointment of the contro­ versia l form er defense minister. 
Da>an said in a tele- 
V ised interv lew he has no intention of quitting Init that he would abide by the decision of the parly . 
Likud li.is asked him to be foreign minister, he said, and it was up to 
Likud to keep him or drop liiin. 
As the le a d e rle ss country appeared to drift p olitica lly , officia l sources ex pressed aston­ ishment at remarks by 
President Carter Thurs­ day that appeared to add compensation for the Pa­ lestinians to the list of peace demands. 

 bankers as.socialion 
Prof. U'o Schuermann, director genera l of the 
S w iss N a tiona l Ba nk, said in an interview that th(‘ a greem en t would settle to an important ex tt'nt the issua nce of num liered a ccounts in 
Swiss banks, u specia l service long offered to assure anony mity . 
The agreement, first of its kind, w ill p led ge com m ercia l banks to a code of conduct tin how they use the country 's se cr ecy la w s. 
F ew er numbers will be issued. 

Idi Amili won’t gel invitation 

LONDON 
- 
P rim e 
Minister Callaghan say s no representatives from 
Uganda will be invited to celebrations of the 25th y ear on the throne of 
Queen Elizabeth II nex t month. 
The gov ernment has so far not a nnounced w hether it w ill ba r 
Ugandan President Idi 
Amin from attending the 
Commonwealth summ it conference June 8 -lH, but 
Callaghan said it would not be appropriate to in­ vite to national celebra ­ tions representatives of a country with which Bri­ tain has no diplom a tic relations. 

Brex liiiev gels more support 

MOSCOW — The sur­ prise ouster of President 
Nikolai Podgorny from the Communist pa rty ’s ruling I’oiilburo has been accompanied by several other personnel sh ifts that suggest only that the p olitica l a u th ority of pa rty ch ie f 
Leonid 
B rezhnev is stron ger than ever. 
C lues to P odgorny ’s removal are being sought in a forthcoming new So­ viet Constitution, already approved in draft form by the presidium of the 
Suprem e Soviet — or parliament. 
At least ihrce other prom inent 
Russian leaders also arc being shifted. 

India., L.S. OK n u c le a r ta lk s 

Swiss banks tightening up 

GENEVA 
- 
S w iss banking secrecy , includ­ ing the issuance of num- liered accounts, will be brought under stricter control through a new agreem ent between the na liunal bunk and the 

NEW DELHI - U.S. 
Ambassador Robert Go-, heen say s th<‘ Indian go­ vernm ent w elcom es an 
American Initia tive for bilateral talks on way s to p revent m isu se of nu­ clea r energy . 

Goheen, form er P rin­ ceton U niversity p resi­ dent who a ssum ed his post here a week ago, raised the subject of nu­ clea r d iscu ssion s with 
Prime Minister Murarji 
Desai. 
Bank say s it didn’t break hiring edict 

National Bank of Com­ merce officials said Fri­ day the Labor D epa rt­ ment has filed a discri­ m ina tion com p la in t against NBC because the bank filed a la w su it against the secretary of labor. 

Both the secreta ries of labor and treasury were named as defendants. 

A ba nk sp okesm a n denied that NBC is dis­ criminatory in its hiring practices and — in fact 
—• that the disputed fed­ eral edict it was ordered to follow discriminated against white m a le em ­ ploy es. 

NBC contends the ex e­ cutive order requires an a ffirm a tive a ction pro­ gram that discrim ina tes a ga inst white m a le em ­ ploy es and that the Civil 
Rights Law forbids d is­ crim ina tion a ga inst a n­ y one. 

The U.S. Department of Labor filed its com ­ plaint a ga inst the San 
Antonio bank for alleged failure to com ply with the government’s minor­ ity hiring rules. 

“ We a re con cern ed that the governm ent re­ gulations in question are th em selves d iscrim in a ­ tory ,” said Robert Seal, 
NBC president. 

Seal said the bank had not received copies of the 
Labor Department com ­ plaint. 

As a result of the com­ pla int, the bank could lose all federal contracts, including serving a s a federal depository . 

In W a shington, M a r­ sh a ll sa id; “ We do not intend to allow this bank or any other federal con­ tractor to circumvent or ignore its obligations. 

$139 millio n 

In 19 7 8 . the bank held more than $139 million in governm ent m oney . La­ bor Secreta ry Ray Mar­ shall said in Washington. 

“ This action m a rks a m a jor step towa rd stren g th en ed en forc e­ m ent of th is d ep a rt­ m en t’s equa l em p loy ­ m ent opportunity pro­ gra m .” 

Friday ’s action was the first tim e the Labor De­ pa rtm ent has m oved to cut fed era l con tra cts from a banking in.stitu- lion over a lleg ed non- compliance with m inori­ ty hiring practices. 

2o days 

The bank has 2o day s to respond to the complaint. 
Fa ilure to respond re­ portedly could result in an immediate loss of its federal contracts. 

“ The bank b elie v es that the Labor D epa rt­ ment’s action was preci­ pitated by a lawsuit that the ba nk filed In D e­ cem ber 19 7 6,“ an NBC statement said. 

That suit, filed in U.S. 
D istrict 
Court here, asked for a decla ra tory judgm ent w hether an e.x ecutive order conflicts with the Civil Rights Act of 19 8 4 that forbids d is­ crim ina tion a ga inst any employ e. 

NBC filed its suit la st 
D ecem ber a fter the 
T rea sury D epa rtm en notified the bank its af firmative action program was inadequate. 
That notification came in N ovem ber and the ba nk w a s given until 
Dec. 18 to submit an ac repta ble progra m . The oank filed suit Dee. 17 . 
It had sought an in junction to bar the go vernm ent from enforce ment pending a trial, but the injunction wa s den­ ied. 

Poge . 5-E 
GRADS^DADS 
SALE 
SCHICK PRO 
DRYER I2DD Watt 

S»«Mita 
SAtfllMMë» 

BURGER MACHINE 
Cookt homburgor* iTooltt, 
Sotflog», grill* »onawteh«» ioo*f Dog*lt, m uffln», 
K *a f» 
Lockiirg 
K o n d l« for n o 
•plortor c o o k in g 
E o * y h> cleon, n o n »tick c o o k ­ in g *urfoce. 
•w M . Rotali 
$■ *.R5 

13oo WA 
• Oirtrt tm flo w l*r g« *attr dry Mg p o wtr 
• him Ufhnwlght 

• 2 V|M*dT S Hn I ttmn g* 
In o n * » « Itch 
• High » « k wly isn ctn tro ttr n o iili 
Sugg. Rtt. $33.98 n m Æ n n 

1 o 4 - o o 3 
M IN K 
FRYIN O 
M A C H IN E fttnch IriwI food for 1, 
3 pooplt, tior* (oeking o il In o n il. to ften lin td fo r n an ititk , n o n ito ln , o o » y 
1*o n to o k ln j iucf> StS.RS 

I H 
o 
9 
O 

LADY 
SCHICK 
STYltR with 
Mist 

»u*#i *f*. 

1o4-oo4 

OSTIR “HYDROlâX ” 
FOOT MASSAGF 
I S M ' 

Sugg. Rft. $33.98 
H m M B f i » 

 yovf tifod Fmoï arid acHmg lag« und î<»l lOOfRmg 'ond î^}o»«ag 
‘walfPf ffi mobon fociv s a g#. U s# w iH i ©» w iH io u f wotfff î^tand up m umt For 

SCHICK 
FLEXAMATIC 9 oo 
RECHARGABU SHAVER 

 lu ll b o dy tn o jM io » 
U* lar arm fm d wru 

Su sa . Rat. Ì3 3 . o S 

(mí M iMÍtmi liKury jilr cui 
<B«t »un HIHI« \m)»i tn» fhiitli 
«,*#n 1Î Mih* Maih.» Out. Kwlwr 

 iiy lt lu m m « ((mr*» m iiin ii» 
'o 
I»u »9» »hin vhM« ft 
Sugg. R«t. $44.95 

2o4-o43 

FOOD PROCESSOR 
The Gourmtt'i Resit Teel. rtii n y o latto ao ry i» » *ro r» i*» t that 
» y ffy o « « 
\ fn lk ieij Bk » u r< * a« w« rf(il t« » » itrte,! m tiady 
*t tu H , rhsp s, *Dr» y , tiK ii. b tfw di It a tm ii m tirt I n i irt It wt* tu rn p » 9 « u H m t# trrdi, » » ly » o itu t Itu t tm U t » ho t It im « « » « tgM« . 
Muttt It «he grot»« di«»« II ihi»*» *n* 
If*« 1h« romi fi9tyn«r ii«t rapitlly leamc tilt mduptmrtlr gauifflti modiint y tn ililt, wofl wn 

LADY SCHICK 
SHAVING 
WAND 
X-1o 
226-o16 

 ukalilt tsmiMtt, lutti Iiuly it tSiit • rhtl iM »liBt 
• ilh dflu fltl) 
W u rély 
(« n tiru tltd al 
C tn ti« ! tid.íi'n li.S û 
» .û .t.tt ,a.r. p lrt* iMtn 4 W ad« {} al ile tn lttt itt tlj 

 sm 'V o V sÄ Ä E »» 
6 fORItCN 
RRâND. 

 lody Shirli Sha- 
W and th* 

 lody t iha««t with th* 
•arluMv» btuth 

 h«od end wide oroomingi light lor ««lio rl»on and omtoi tobiti ihovtng en Wyt 

 ond gndnraim». 
Sugg. Ret. $19.9S 

B b o o o s 
Instium ents 

 micr« - 
•led^fwilt digiteíl wtetidiM 
SnWOKM 
• lUiHrt» • INIs 
• SetM 
M i 
ASST. STYLES 
HURtY 
Whil« îh«y lo » t 
Your Choleo 

Air wtBomtii*» Otwi 
CwMtH»«*« 
1 * H il I “«l»*'ri"» 

 i u s s . Ratait 
S S S 9 . 9 S 
1 
Q 
C 
É 
9 
B 
9 
» 
AMERICAN 
TOURISTER lUGGAGE 

S A L E 
Soft Side Cases 

ESCORT 
SERIES 

Colors: Blu«, Gold, Brown iu ee* K« to ii fp iciAL 

$32 5o 

$42.5o 
$5o.oo 

$52.5o 

$55.oo 

$6o.oo 

16" Tote Bog 
22" Carry-On 
24" Pullman 
26" Pullman 
4o" Car boo 
5o"-Cor bag 

14.99 
19.99 
22.99 
25.99 
24.99 
26.99 
Molded Cases ( Only ) 
Su o o . Ro t. 
Sp o cio l ir Tot« Bog 
M7.5o 
16.99 
27" Pullman 
$8o;oo 
35.99 
3o" o»*r Seoi 
S92.5o 
39.99 
52" Garment Case $.1 )o;oo 47.99 

 ad-TiiWtáaii »I A À 

A SPECIAL GROUP 
OF YOUNG MEN’S 
PLATFORM SHOES 

/ RECEIVED AT 
SAN PEDRO 
STORE A NEW 
SHIPMENT OF 
MEN’S BALLY 
\S H O E S , 
J 

211 Brooklyn at N. Alanoo 

PORTER 1oRING 

MORTUARY 

 noi M cCul l ough 

227 *8 221 

North Pork Mortuary 
7 3 4-53 1 3 
Chap#) Hill Moffioriol 
Gordons 
6 55*6 41 1 

IIS—Cemeteries* 
. 
. Boriai l*ts 

4 Beautiful grav os ite« , » 1,» oo, 
Suns et Memorial Pork. 491-9335. 

AMERICA’ 

Death Notices 

DISTRESSED 
““CARE 
226 -4443 

H 
San Antonio EXPRESS NEWS— Saturday May 28 19 7 7 
Carters d rive su b marin e 

PRESIDENT J immy Carter handles the controls of the USS 
Los Angeles . Adm . Rickov er is nex t to him 

CAPE CANAVERAL, 
Fit. (AP) — President 
Carter rode a nu clear su bmarine for the first time Friday , took the controls with his wife 
Rosaly nn and drov e it at top speed in a mock at­ tack He said the ship was a sy mbol of Amer­ ica’s military strength. 
“It is v ery cru cial that ou r friends and potential adv ersaries u nderstand that ou r cou ntry is able to defend itself ... with q u iet confidence,” Carter said after disembark ing, wearing a ny lon wind- break e and carry ing hs su iteoat on his arm. 
“ Certainly this ship cou ld v ery well handle cru ise missiles that wou ld hav e a range far bey ond the horizon,” 
Carter said, adding that the missiles cou ld be armed with either nu ­ clear or conv entional warheads. 
He noted that the missiles are central to strategic arms limitation talk s with the Sov iet 
Union. 
The President de­ clared: 
“ The cru ise missile is an integral part of the fu tu re of ou r defense forces.” 
The Sov iets want the 

'Certa inly this ship co uld very well ha nd le cruise 
Id ha ve a ra ng e f a r b eyo nd the missiles tha t wo u ho rizo n 
’ 

1o1—Deaths 
FOX 
Dov e Odem Fox . 4o7 Lula Mae 
Dr., pas s ed away In a local hos pi­ tal Pndav . May 27, 1977 ot the age of 83 y ears . Surv iv ors : Wife. M r*. 
Ruth F o x ; d au g h te rs ,, M rs . 
Claude F. “ Lucille” Dav is and 
Mrs . Hugh " M ary " M atthew s ; s on, Lee O- Fox ; s is ter, Cecilia 
Fox ; oil ot San Antonio; brother, 
John J. Fox , Helotes , Tex as ; 8 grandchildren; 8 great grand­ children; numerous nieces and nephews . Ros ary will be recited in the Dellcres t Chapel Sunday , 
M ay 7 9 at 7 oo p.m . F u n e ral 
Proces s ion will depart Dellcres t 
Chapel Monday , May 3o at 9 :4$ a m. for Funeral Mas s to be of­ fered in St Benedict’s Catholic 
Church at 1o oo a m. with Rev . 
Eugene O ’C allaghan as C ele­ brant The interment will follow in 
St J erome’s Catholic Cemetery . 
M r, Fox was an Engineer with 
Southern Pacific Railroad tor 4o y ears before retiring in 1941. Ar­ rangements with 
S rllrrrat 
7ooo So W W White 
337 4o87 

1o1—Deaths 

Ca rter misses 
'to o -fa t’ sa ilo rs 

SOTO 
J erry C Soto, 57, of 8 7 o Soltillo 
Street, pas s ed away May 3« , 1977. 
Serv ices ore pending with 
Trev ino Funeral Home lit, Cupples Rd 
434-o595 

1o4—Funeral Directors 

ANGELUS FUNERAL HOME 
HENRY GUERRA 
4o7 W. Hous ton 
727 1441 

SUNSET 
Fu n eral Home s erv es families of all faiths , s y mpathetically . 

17 o1 Austin Highway 
8 28 -28 11 

N IR ID E R 
M r Abe Ehis ho Nirtder, 415 E. 
Edmonds , born in Dill City , Okla., 
May 12, 19o4, entered res t Wed­ nes day . May 25, 1977 at the age of 
73 y ears . Mr. Nirlder hod been a res ident of Son Antonio for SI y ears . Grav es ide s erv ices will be conducted Saturday , May 28, at 
1o:oo o.m. in Chapel Hill Memor­ ial Park with Rev . Richard Reln- app officiating. Surv iv ors : Wife, 
Mrs . Rhodo Mabel Nirider; s ons , 
Mr. Edwin Norman N irider; s is ­ ters , Mrs . Harv ey Perkins , Mrs . 
J. Pitt of San Antonio, Mrs . J . ft. 
Norman of Selma. Tex .; brother, 
M r. Lee Nirider of Seguin, Tex . 
Serv ices under the direction of fflay Martins £ 
2o15 W. Martin 
227 -4 2« I 
WEIRICH 
Eugene M. W eirich, age 45, of 
Hondo, Tex ., died Friday , May 27. 
1977, in San Antonio- He was a m em ber of the New Fountain 
United Methodis t Church, Outhi, 
Tex . and owner of Alamo Aquar­ ium Supply , Inc. of San Antonio. 
Surv iv ors : Wife, Mrs . Dais y B. 
W e iric h , 
Hondo; s on and daughter-in-law. Mr and Mrs . Bill 
W eirich, San Antonio; s is ters , 
M rs W alter (V io la) Doebbler, 
F re d e ric k s b u rg , T e x ., M rs . 
Robert (Mildred) Patters on, Sea- 
Iv . Tex ., M rs . Del (F ran c e s ) 
Dunbar, Boerne, Tex . Set » Ice Sa­ turday at 2 o'clock in the Colonial 
Chapel of the Porter Loring Mor­ tu ary , the Rev . Tom P ric e of­ ficiating. Thos e who des ire may s end memorial gifts to the Kidney 
Foundation or the charity of their choice. Following the s erv ice here, Mr. Weirich will be taken to 
Fredericks burg, Tex . for inter­ ment in the City Cem etery , A r­ rangements with 
Barter L o a n # 
11o1 m «cu(jlouoh 2271221 
1o4—Fu neral Directors 

AC £ RQOÊKHJEZ 
FUNER AL HOME 
Pre-Need Arrangements 
S II GucNtotuf» Si . 
226 -6 111 

MÛETUAPf 

 b a sed o n d ig nity a nd g o o d ta ste. 

Rep uta tio n 

JBax 
Utartm** 

CAPE CANAVERAL, 
Fla. (AP) — Fiv e crew­ men of the .su bmarine that President Carter rode Friday said they were banished from the boat while the com­ mander-in-chief was aboard becau se they ’re too fat. 
The fiv e said they were assigned to temporary du ty aboard another su b­ marine, the Spadefish, and were k ept below, ou t of sight, u ntil Carter left 
Port Canav eral, they told reporters angrily . 
Capt. Lawrence Bu rk - hardt, a spok esman at the su bmarine base here, said the USS Los Angeles did not need its fu ll crew for the Carter mission. So he said, since “we want­ ed to present a good ap­ pearance,” the crewmen ju dged most ov erweight were reliev ed for the day . 
Depu ty White Hou se 
Press Secretary Rex 
Granu m said Carter was told abou t the incident 3o to 4o minu tes before the 
LOS Angeles dock ed after his cru ise. 
Granu m gav e no presidential comment 

 bu t reported that the 
Nav y said some men were remov ed to mak e room. 
O e of the fiv e, William 
Barrendorf, a fire control specialist, said fiv e or six additional Los Angeles crewmen also were deemed ov erweight, bu t were not banished becau se they were need­ ed to ru n the boat. 

United States to agree to limit the nu mber of its cru ise missiles. This cou ntry , in tu rn, wants the Sov iet Union to limit its Back fire bomber. 
Fly ing back to his holiday week end q u arters at St. Simons 
Island, Ga., after the su bmarine trip, Carter told reporters aboard Air 
Force One that Secretary of State Cy ru s R. Vance and Sov iet Foreign Min­ ister Andrei Gromy k o will meet twice more before mid-September on efforts to negotiate a new 
SALT agreement. 
Carter said he did not hav e any specific dates for the meetings. Vance and Gromy k o met in 
Genev a earlier this month and said they had agreed on “ a common framework ” for nego­ tiating a new SALT pact. 
Carter spent three hou rs and 19 minu tes u nder the 
Atlantic aboard the USS Los 
Angeles. He said the .ship operated in simu lated conditions of war and condu cted an emergency drill in which its nu clear reactor was 
“ scram m ed,” or shu t down withou t warning. 
The President said the ship’s officers and crew reacted su perbly . 
Gets p raise 
Carter, in tu rn, won praise for his ship-han­ dling. 
“ With absolu te cer­ tainty . I can say there is no finer ship in the world,” Carter said. “ It strengthened my own confidence in the su per­ ior capability of the peo­ ple who manage ou r v ery 

 cru cial defense mechan­ ism .... I’m v ery prou d of what I see ... Its safety is su perb." 
The su b’s officers and crew, he added, gav e “a demonstration of leader­ ship in its pu rest and most ex cellent form.” 
Carter noted par­ ticu larly that in a simu lated casu alty drill, ju nior officers and crew­ men took ov er the du ties of their su periors withou t a flaw. The President declared: “ I was v ery mu ch impressed.” 
The eommander-in- chief’s onetime mentor and former Nav y su per­ ior, Adm. Hy man G. 
Rick ov er, look ed ov er 
Carter’s shou lder as he handled the su bmarine. 
“ He did a su perb job,” 
Rick ov er said of the Pre­ sident’s performance at the helm. 

Dev elopment 
As a y ou ng nav al of­ ficer in the early 19 5os, 
Carter had work ed with 
Rick ov er on dev elopment of the nu clear su bma­ rine. 
The adm iral said 
Carter operated the su b­ marine’s bow planes and stern planes to gu ide it throu gh the water at high speed. And the President handled the throttle of the nu clear plant when the ship was at top speed. 
Rick ov er wou ldn’t say how fast that was, de­ claring only that it was 
“in ex cess of 2o k nots.” 
He smiled and added that his protege’s achiev ements demon­ strate “that any sailor or officer in the Nav y can become President.” 
The President and 

MEETING CHANGES 

Camino Real Health Sy s tems Agency announces regular s chedule for its Board of Directors Meetings . 

J une: 
Wednes day , June 2 2 , 19 7 7 ; 7 :oo P.M.; Camino Real 
Conference Room, Third Floor, 1o17 N. Main Av e.; 
San Antonio, Tex as . 
Ju ly : 
Saturday , July 23, 19 7 7 ; 2:3o P.M.; Town Hall, 
Fort Clark Springs , Brackettv ille, Tex as 
Augus t: Thurs day , Augus t 4, 19 7 7 ; 7 :oo P.M.; San Antonio, 
Tex as . Specific location to be announced. For s pecial 
ANNUAL MEETING. 

Specific Agenda information regarding thes e meetings can be ob­ tained in adv ance by calling {51 2) 2 2 5-4426 or by writing Camino Real 
Health Sy s tems Agency , Inc.; Ex ecutiv e “ K" Center, Suite 31o; 1o17 
N. Main Av e.; San Antonio, Tex as 7 8 2 1 2 . 
FANTAS TIC 
WEEKEND SAVINGS SPECIALS! 

Mrs. Carter and the snowy -haired adm iral rode the su bmarine into a div e in 1oo fathoms, or 
6oo feet, of water 37 miles off the Florida coast. The su b su rfaced at 3:15 p.m. 
EDT. Carter donned a black cap and fou l- weather gear and stood on the sail as it retu rned to port 

Mrs . Carter 

Side by side, at two balfmoon wheels in an array of instru ments, the 
President operated bow planes and the First Lady operated stem planes as the craft maneu v ered below. 
Rick ov er took a tu rn at the bow plane with 
Carter alongside. At an­ other point, the President took a large stainless 

 steel wheel and guided the boat with Rickov er look ing ov er his shou lder. At still another point, he raised the per­ iscope and peered throu gh it. 
* When the su bm arine reached a depth of 2oo feet, it made a simu lated attack on a U.E. de­ stroy er steaming nearby . 
The President and the 
First Lady ate lu nch with the ship’s crew and 
Rick ov er dispensed with pomp and ceremony aboard. “ I didn’t go aboard to be treated as a high official,” Carter said. 
Did Rick ov er conv ince 
Carter to bu ild more nu ­ clear su bs? 
“I don’t think the Pre­ sident is a man who can be conv inced ex cept by his own conv ictions,” the admiral replied. 
Bu t Carter did note that the nation’s nu clear su bmarine program has cost less to date than the amou nt the United States 

 spent o n its first maimed space flight. At Rick - ov er’s u rging, Carter ad­ ded that the nu clear fleet wou ld be 1o miles long with each ship end to end. 
“ Ou r cou ntry is one that desires peace, and ou r cou ntry is one that desires disarmament,” 
Carter said. He added that nu clear su bmarines 
“ hav e helped preserv e that peace.” 

The Los Angeles was at 
4oo feet most of the time it was su bmerged, said 
Depu ty White Hou se 
Press Secretary Rex 
Granu m, who went along for the ride. He said the v essel cru ised abou t 
45 miles u nderwater. 

$5o o ff! Ama n a 
Ra d a ra n g e s 

/ T 
O a í r a 

M IC R O W A V e 'O V E N 

Amana Kadarange® with cookmatic powershift 
449 .9 5 

Fre e co o kkit with p u rch a se 
Reg. 49 9 .9 5. Ama n a ’s d e lu xe Ra d a ra n g e ® fe a ­ tu re s e xclu sive slid e co n tro l p o we r sh ift th a t a d ju sts to th e e xa ct co o k­ in g sp e e d d e sire d , d u a l time rs, e xtra la rg e o ve n ca p a city, re mo va b le g la ss tra y a n d fre e co o kkit. 
Qu a n tity is limite d so sh o p e a rly! 

SHOP MONDAYTHRU SATURDAY IO TIL 9 
^Dillard’s 

MEN'S FAMOUS 

SATURDAY 1o -9 A MONDAY 
• 73 oo SAN FIORO (2 tu ts. SOUTH Of N.W.1oQF 41o) 
3 4 9 - 6 6 3 4 
• 6 9 4 1W, MILITARY OR. (SHOPPfts dH MAU) 
9 2 3 - 9 8 3 1 
• 49 17 WALZEM RD, (across rom wmdsox park mau ) 
6 5 6 - 9 8 8 1 

Amana Touchmafic 
Ra d a ra n g e » 
549.95 

Reg. 59 9 .9 5. Ama n a To u ch ma fic Ra - d a ra n g e ^ d e fro sts, co o ks a n d ke e p s yo u r d in n e r wa rm a ll a t o n e se ttin g . The micro ­ wa ve o ve n with a b ra in ! 
Appliances • 

A VERY SPECIAL 

WARMTH. 
227 -6 28 1 

CHECKER FLAG SAVING 

_ 
22S limited, loaded, 6o/4o 
BulCK ptiirtf stiH, IÌH, truisi CMfte), 5 
AM fWUl*r*e WAS; Ì749S 
NOW 

INSIDE THIS SECTION: 
Want Ads 

• E M P L O Y M E N T • A N N O U N C E M E N T S 
• B U S IN E S S D IR E C T O R Y 
• F IN A N C IA L 
• B U S IN E S S O P P O R T U N IT Y 
• E D U C A T IO N 
• M E R C H A N D IS E 
• L IV E ST O C K 
• P U B LIC & LEG A L N O T IC E 
• A U T O M O T IV E 
• R E C R E A T IO N A L 

Saturday May 28 197 7 

By JIM ABBOTT 

AUTO EDITOR 
NAPA, Calif. — If you are witty, more intelligent, friendly, .self-as­ sured, broad-minded, frank, brave and affectionate, then you are the kind of person who will love the new Ford Fiesta. 
William P. Benton, Ford Motor Co. vice president and Ford Division general manager, said research done during the process of designing the Fiesta deter­ mined that mini-car buyers rated themselves as having all of the above qualities. 
Of course, you might even like the 
Fiesta if you are none of the above. The little car — and many people will think it is little — is a real fun car to drive. 
When the Fiesta was introduced in 
Europe only about six months ago, it be­ came an immediate su cce ss. More than 
118.ooo were sold to set a record that no other European car has ever touched in its first six months. 
U. S. debut 
However, tin* introduction dates for the t inted States are still up in the air. Wil­ liam O. Bourke. executive vice president 
— Ford North American Automotive 
Operations, said, “ The Fiesta production impasse is typical of the suspense and melodrama surrounding the auto industry these days." 
The reason the introduction date is not known is that the car has not been certi­ fied by the EPA. Fiesta will be sold as a 
1978 model and since Ford says it cannot meet the current 1978 standards with any of its cars, the Fiesta will not be solitnnti! the ('ongress acts to allow a carry-over of the 1977 standards for a year. 
Right now it seems that Aug. 5 will be the earliest the ears w ill reach the dealers’ showrooms. There are already 
2o.ooo Fiestas on shore being held at ports of entry awaiting certification. 
Adventurous 
The wait until August will be well worth it. The Fiesta is one of the most attractive mini-ears to come ashore, not just in styling, but in tho spirit of adventure the machine imparts to the driver. 
Even those who do not particularly like 

A u to T a lk 
IIv 4 1 »! A b b o tt 
A h i *» t o ll t o r 

First 2oo-m. p. h. lap established at Indy 

FO RD’s Fiesta is a m ini-car and a real fun car to drive 

 been made as easy as possible Front disc brake wear can to cheeked without re* moving Ih»' wheel, as cun the rear drum brakes 
To help cut down on operating costs 
Fiestas are equipped with Michelin radial tires for very long servici* and extra gas mileage. 

The magic 2oo mile an hour lap was turned at Indianapolis this year for the first time by pole-sit- ter Tom Sneva. 
Sneva clocked one lap of 299.535 during his qualifying run. If the qualifying speed is any indication, this could be one of the fastest 5Q9’s in history. 
The high speed is the result of several factors including better and larger tires, excellent aerodynamics, the newly resur­ faced track, good weather Conditions and 
Sneva’s Cosworth V-8 engine. 
The Cosworth engine is the latest deve­ lopment on the Indy scene, coming strongly into favor with many top me­ chanics. it could well power the winning car across the finish line. 
A .I. Foyt is also running a V-8, his ow n 
Turbo Foyt/Ford. which he continued to refine and develop after Ford elected to, get out of the auto race engine business. 
Foyt uses the V-8 engine to power his 
Coyote, and he is still given a very good chance of taking home all the bacon at 
Indy. 
Impressive group 
There is still an impressive array of the venerable Ott’ys in the 33-car lineup. The ancient engine has been refined, boosted, evolutioni/ed and revitalized to where it is still a threat. 
In theory. at least, the V-8s should have an advantage over the four-cylinder 
Otfys. USAC rules say the Indy ears must have a 1.8 mile per gallon fuel consump­ tion. 
The therotieal advantage lies in the fact the V-8s, with their small bores, can run on a leaner mixture at a given amount of boost than the Offy, und so go faster on less fuel. 
It is an almost unbelievable turn of 

:ZAUJQmamiQMW 
_ 

 the nun bear concept have expressed a 
'feeling the ear is really fun to drive The lBOOce engine, transversely mounted, and supplying power to the front wheels through a trans-axle, supplies ample acceleration. 
The Fiesta will go from zero to 5o miles an hour in 9.5 seconds, and equally im­ portant, it will brake from 59 to zero in only 4.3 seconds. Front disc brakes are, standard on all Fiestas. 
Rack and pinion steering allows the 
Fiesta to he driven rapidly, with imme­ diate response in traffic situations The 
Fiesta is also stable on the expressways. 
Test drives 
Ford says Fiesta is a car that has to be driven to he appreciated, and lest drives by potential buyers will be a strong part of the advertising campaign when the car is introduced. 
The Fiesta comes in several stages of trim, from tin* standard model to the 
Gina, hut in only one style. The two-dour hatchback design is the only model of 
Fiesta that will lie offered. 
Since the ear has not been certified, there are no official EPA mileage figures available, but Ford estimates the Fiesta will get about 42 miles on the highway, 33 in the city and a combined rating of 37 
Walter Hayes, chairman of Ford of 
Europe, says the Fiesta was designed so the yearly operating cost would be held as low as possible, and that gas mileage is not the most important factor in overall operating costs. 
Easy serviceability is one outstanding feature of tin* Fiesta Ford even puts out a small service manual for the do-it-your­ self owner who wants to save as much money as possible. 
Many items of regular service have 

A FEW SECO N D S is all th at’s required to “pop the to p ” on this i 9 7 7 D o d ge Aspen 
Lar makers turn interests to tops 

Air conditioning 

Air conditioning will be offered on 
Fiesta, but 9 will be installed after the car is shipped to this country, either at port of entry, or at the dealer 
The air conditioning is built by Eaton, and the installation is through the dash vents. The units will only In* installed on models that are equipped with the heavy duty package. 
Ford expects to sell 199, 999 Fiestas a year in this country, with alt of them be­ ing supplied by the German Saarlouis plant. That is also a selling point for the ear — German engineering and quality. 
There seems little question that Ford could easily sell more than the 199,999 
Fiestas they plan to import each year. In fact, Hayes said the entire European pro­ duction of the Fiesta could he sold in 
Europe without exporting any to North 
America About 19. 999 Fiestas will lie sold in C anada. 
Benton said the reason the ear cannot bo introduced to the public is because of what Henry Ford 11 recently called the 
“ fiddling and rumbling" in Washington in response to a question, Benton said if 
Congress does not carry over the 1977 emissions standards then Ford will have no choice hut to shutdown and not produce any 1978 model ears, it could happen. 

SPECIAL TO THE EXPRESS N EW S glass is tinted to coordinate or contrast with the roof color and inside there is a manually operated fabric sunshade to in­ clude or exclude the sun’s rays as de­ sired. 
If anything has slowed the dominance of vinyl roofs, it has been the emergence of 
T-Bar roofs. These have a metal bar down the center of the roof and removable translucent panels over the driver and the front passenger seats. 
T-Bars are as close to the old-fashioned convertible as is available in U.S.-built passenger cars and they may become the preferred roof option. 
Dodge currently offers T-Bar roof op­ tions on its Aspen and Charger SE mo­ dels. 
Still another trend likely to grow stronger is the tendency to add luxury even though size, weight and horsepower are going to be subtracted in order to meet federal regulations. 
Adjustable steering columns, stereo tape players and speed regulating devices all gained in 1979 as compared to the number installed by the factories in 1975. 

DETROIT — Its what’s on top that counts in rmw car options for 
1977. 
A last fling with big cars slowed a pre­ dicted consumer switch to smaller en­ gines and other economy-motivated op­ tions. But, there was no slack in their interest in colorful alternatives to the now obsolete “ rag top,” more formally known as the convertible. 
Nearly half of all U.S.-built cars had a vinyl roof in one of the varied styles available in 1976: canopy, landau, halo or full vinyl. 
In addition to these varied effects and the array of colors available, they also offer the alternatives of sun roofs and 
“ T-Bar" roofs. The latter consists of two removable translucent panels inserted in 
• he muf over the front seat, while the former is a sliding section of the roof itself. 
Another wrinkle being offered on the new Dodge Diplomat is a tinted glass, power operated, sliding sun roof. The 

Regs a problem 

SPECIAL TO THE EXPRESS N tW S 
The steel industry must comply with 
5.6oo seperate federal regulations in its decision making, reports the Council on 
Wage and Price Stability. The Automotive information Council queried two major car producers who indicated they were so busy complying they haven't bothered to add up tiie regulations. It’s certain the auto figure would be many times the steel total. 
TOTdRWprpimT* 
AÜToMoT.yrij;is>TAy 
1977 MONARCH 
2 DOOR 

’419o 
#8 1o62 

- 
3 
3 DO O R RUNABOUT 
4 speed transmission, air condition, t‘ntec* glass, whiteside wall tires, all g l pf/J glass 3rd door, £ 
_ deluxe wheel cov- mJ mL C P ers, front disc brakes, 
^ j 
M B cut pile carpeting. 

 r 
T Hi 

ULTIMATE BUICK 
ELECTRA LIMITED 

#91 7 27 

AIR 
CONDITIONED 
TINTED GLASS 
■ 

2 DO O R 
3o2 V8, Opera Windows, white isidewall steel belted radial tires, iAM radio, tinted glass, left hand gemote mirror, deluxe wheel 
Icovers, automatic, power steering, power brakes. 

75 CAPRICE 
¿ T V * , txwTvt ten Irei, ugM Wee, t o * toe rep, WASs $4t9 5. ......... ......... 

74 CAPRICE 

7 4 B u icK z ; ; 

 s r * . r . . 
AIR CONDITIONED 

5o1 BROADWAY 
Right D o w n to w n 

P i 
P a g e 
Son Antonio É M e SS- N E W S. 

A U T O M O T I V E 

-Saturday M a y 28 1 9 7 7 

 iîS 2- î2H 
M 
E i r o a ) 

W 
M 
ì HI TOI UI J 
7P-7a-W KIMÌ-5WIT«AIS 

7K-728 frotiaiSmTSMgS 
FOII[IBII-SPOIIÌSC«IS 
7o2-728-FOIinSIIOTBTSMI 
ROD EAST VOLKSWAGEN ® 

I 
The Peug eo t 6 o4 g iv es y o u the eng ineering o f a Mercedes-Benz, the ha ndling o f a BM\Y the eleg a nce o f a Ja g ua r, a nd a lev el o f co mfo rt superio r to a ll o f them. 

NO BETTER CAR . NO BETTER PLACE TO BUY... 
14o2 Nf LOOP 41o sxit at nacogoochbib 
828-12o1 

If gas pains persist, try Volkswagen. 
USED CARS 

Like its illustrious com petition, the 
Peugeot 
6 o 4 has a responsive six-cylinder engine, fully 
Independent suspension, distinguished styling, an d m eticulous attention to detail. 
But in addition, the Peugeot 6 o 4 offers outstonding com fort. 
W ith oversized shock absorbers, large coil springs and onatom ical seats that are actually tuned to the suspension. Finally, the 6 o 4's price starts at $ 1 2 ,2 2 o . W hich may w ell be its most com forting, feature o f all. Price m oy vary fto one t»ui)ds car» the way we buiW cars, with options. 
PEUGEOT 

19 73 O R Il transmission, AM- tM m4io. 
1 3 9 5 

7 2 FORD COURIER 
1 4 9 5 

19 73 A M C HORNET L r sadon, automoHc, air......... ’19 9 5 

19 73 D O D G E t o r \ r i. ‘ 

P q (J 

 oulomatie, air fonitiHan, rodio, tow miltof« 
Z395 

 l o f o A i r s c i vprm*. 
19 73 OLDS oir. AM rodio. 

' u 

, 't a l l i i 

 vinyl top 
*269 5 

1 97 4 M G B 
* 3 3 9 5 

19 75 DASHER troth, roof roch, nici cor.. 
3 9 9 5 

19 76 D O D G E •ir condition, oulomotk, powor stooring,. . . A r low m ileog*................ 
A 3 95 

BROUGHTON MOTORS 
213o AUSTIN HW Y. 
655-o241 

SAVE! New ’7 7 TOYOTA’S SAVE! 

O lfC O « N f% 
COROLLA 
LIFTBACKS 

‘ tuf*T -, p(t( c, I'C'i I 
Ib'iivrrv f hdr<)i-î,, optional pwpdrjtioi litlc i ipiKitwl *'<|u)pm*'nt 1« «■riMnn. .jnd I i)ii»s i-xlu. 
________________________ 
FRESH 
ARRIVALS 

LIFT 
B A C K 
S P E C IA L S 

— i 

1 o % OFF 
New ’77 Beetles in Steck n 

F o< 
Di to of 
R 
Cl 
M 

Thii It 1o % off mtniufitfvrort rotoll prito, whkh Incluclat frnlgbt 4 doolor prop. 
(Tan, TitI«, a Ut. «»trat) 
O ffer good wfiH# 

SUPPLY LASTS. 

ONE OF 
THE FASTEST 
SELLING IMPORTS. 
. STATION W A G O N S & 
COUPES. 
V 
197 7 
SU BA R U 

STANDARD ^ 
3 
2 
2 
o 
SEDAN 

N o b e d y c a n atgwal » m a il » a w n p ric a » ! 
GOOD 
SE L E CT ION 
NOW!! 
SOME UNITS IN STOCK AT OLD PRICES 
TOYOTA OF SEQUIN 

O p e n E v e s s til 9 p .m 

U N L IM IT E D 

SELECTIO N 
Ait Nodels and Colorr 
H IG H E ST T RA D E 
A L L O W A N C E 
-—24 hour delivery^ 

Dial Toll Freel 
17 M i. fro m S o n A n to n io , 

N O R T H W O O D 
PORSCHE-AUDt 
7 4 WiRCIDfZBLNZ 
45o Si, tobacco brown, outomoTtc, eif, s*«fee, electrk 

'13 ,9 9 5 
7 5 DODGE 
o*81 («tjom. !8.CK)o mdev fMJwer, CIF. 
JO 4 A C 
6cy«nd»f 
*3 49 5 
75 PORSCHE 91 IS 
Torgo, 11,ooo mibs 

’i d 
*14,5 oo 
7 6 VOLKSWAGEN 

 t e r 
*^“" '* 53 9 5 
7 5 RAT 124 
Sfiidar, sttfSD, jw Ä ftc 
35,ooo inilts, 
*43 9 5 
7 6 CADILLAC 
Coupe OeVille, fully teoded, in- 
Itcrther inferior. 
. ,, *869 5 
76 OLDSMOBILE 
Cufhm Supreme, Iroughom, 2- door, outomofic, power, wr, ttereo, truhe eon- . tro», 14,ooo milfi 
549 5 
7 7 CHEVROLET 
Silverado Pick up IWI, outo- motte, power, oir, stereo, 8- hoek, 4,ooo miles, ehrome bumper white c » a n r spoke mags 
*6 49 5 
7 3 VOLKSWAGEN 
Kormon Ohio, c a « » * 
31.ooo miles. 
26 9 5 
7 6 PORSCHE 9 14 
2 o liter, oir, stereo,. 
1o.ooo miles.. 
*74 9 5 
7 5 FORD 
Granada Ghio, 2-door, outo- motit, oit, power, j o a q f stereo . 
4o ¥ 5 
7 2 CHEVROLET liovo 2 door, outomotic, oir, power, 3o7 engine, very cieon 
, 
76 AUDI FOX 
4 door, outomotic, t f A A r oit, stereo 
52 9 5 

*2o9 5 

1326 N.E. Loop 41o 
83 4 -3 2 1 4 

‘7* vw K A b lir, oicononf condi­ tion, low ml. to«4od. Gtno, m -m i tat Iff dMyt 
«9 V¥ V. Koconttv ovtrhauioO 
Std.. oood caodttton. tOM 
131-4794. 

«toro«. OXCOHOWt OMHfttlOn. 434M m *4m ol rnr4i m . 
________ ' 
7« VW 5ÉÒAN. Encellont condì-, non 9995 Can 4*4-3334. 
VW 5PCCIAI.ISTS 
«EtUILT SHORT BLOCKS 

VW S O U A ÍIÍA C K 197Í7 "olr. rodio. Oood condition f Taka up pOvmOR»« or 41995. CPH; 334«5«I, mo«t a«* tor Don Holti 

1 9 7 3 V iS iB lN ll6 l 
EXTRACLSANtl ............ 41594 
HEMPHILL MCCOMBS 
PORO SOUTHSIDE 
19o1 SW MHItpry 923-4317 
47 VW Sdpprpidcfi,' pworkavltd 
•ftOino, pood «P« mltOOB«. 4474, 
454-4414 altor 5 ond pw w o h n di 
VW iuRor rodio, rool nico. 
W 
333^4153 _______________ 
_ 
44 VW van. tuminor ««ociai •«« ocpopmizpr, bock soot told« Into bod. 4475. 913-3347. n VÌB láfOBoit, OM-lmrñow H rK 
1344, 4ê4-$$» 
•U vw d^o^l Ì4,iè4 mitos, oxtri on. 433M. S3533-337o. vwrwtiti nrtlio, wr. 4SS-I33Ì' 

721 mvi 

IH SCOUT DEALER m BALCONES WORTH 733-3143 
‘74 Volvo 142, idr. doto, «Ir, 41,4éè 
43444. mitos, ordinal ownor, 
Wt^3»3 or 341-1413. __________ 
71 Volvo 135 oxetllant cond. robullt onBiRO, 43354. 441-1454. 
4443 Do«ll«. 
>74 Volvo S.W. 345. Brand Now i 
Loot tlian 1B4 ml. roof rock, tttr- 
o4L am-tm caMotto, Wl worrwitv, mutt 9oM. 49444 Pirmt 493-1944. ja mmummim 

Plus lox. Title & license. 

•75 VW RABBIT 
•75 VW "lo Brnrsd Bug ............... *2895 
•75 VW Compor, pop top .............. ‘5495 
•74 DOOUfc toronet, b-cyl., rodio, oir..*2395 
•76 SUBARU 2-dr., rodio, standard. . .‘2695 

USED CAR SPECIALS! 
• 27 95 
’75 V W Rabbit. 
'7 4 V W Beetle, light blue, extra clean 
'7 4 V W Dasher Wagon........................ 
• 74 D A S H E R k-dr................................. 
'7 3 C H E V Y 
Novo, stondard, oir . . . .. 
• 74 L U V Pickup os is............................ 

*2 895 
‘ 2 2 95 
'2 5 95 
• 2495 
‘2 o 95 
‘ 1 995 . 

 eB 
A 
•4 xA 
NORTH LOOP VOLKSW AGEN 
^ 
SUBARU & BMW 
^ 
\ C i / r 
T - I O 
- T I O 
I n D k 
4623 Fredericksburg Rd. 732-7121 
AcroM From Wonclorkind o! FrodorkkAburg Rd. 

7o1 
• St^fSck Complete Rebuilt Mo tor wasonobie. 
484 31o5 after 
4pm. 
____________________________ 
I9S5 Chewy 2 door hardtop, & cvtindei standard, original. 5895. 
249-3o41. 
1959 C H EV Y E L CAM INO, onto, excellent condition A Real Cla»- 
« Id 475o, Coil 474-5384 o o o 

•44 Corvoir C o rta Runs perfect i 
838-8491 after s. 834-o719. 
__________ t95o"DeSoto O ria in Ä '” run»'oeV'-^! tectt 41oo8 After 4 934 6445 
I 
W m Dodge Coronet Gyromotic, 
$15oo 

'iO a d r Ford body good.’é? OHV 
,219 engine, r u n t good Good er too ilxuo proiect Taylor, 

« 

 tatber to 

Pord Convertible, oofomattc. radio Botheaci V-8 new rodlofor, or*4tnol uohoftterv, new lop. new 
■flqii 
39$ lint, drives well 5335o 833 7785 
59 Fo rd C o tto m . 4-dr grWlnol 54oo firib 488 3855 
^ « f lIS 

Pord Custom pickup 5149s. 
433-4734 
PORO, 87,ooo mile». Mutt tee to believe" Cali: Joe Edgehoute, 
333-8411 
98 FORD P IC K U P No dents. 5475 
834-4188 or 433 3138 f941 FO R D 
Show Condition 
C h e w engine 53»5o 458-3434 ____ 
*4$ K A R M A N G H IA , excellent, f 

 e engine 
............. 
51395 
KARMAN CH IA, air, auto, ex- 

 r ic e ................................ 51595 
^99 C H EV Y Kingtwood wagon, foN power, 43,ooo mi 
$999. 
-49 FORD Torino GT Convertible, 
■4ooded, immoculole 
51795 
*41 FORD VAN, 4 standard, ster- 
« o, tape, excellent mechunicalty 
.......................... 
., 51o75, 
. 
LYNCH MOTORS 
¡1115 BR O AD W AY 
333-I54» 
'-‘43 Lincoln Continental Conv 
»4-dr., very nice' 535oo 834-o913. 

IDNDONTAXi 
19*o Beordm ore Toxi with new 
Ford Capri engine, new black lacquer, new while winvl interior, 
$tereo Good condition 539oo Bill 
Stephens 344 4314 

 o « * 

 toss 
The in te llig e n t o lte rn o tiv e . 

Juki; adwantoye ol these sawinys and select your n. 
B, to Coupes and Scorpions of o special low put hoice . but tor o iimited linio only 

Lancia 
A tremendous 

JAGUAR • MGB • MIDGET • FIAT • LANCIA 

IM P ^jR T S 

1 8 2 o B R O A D W A Y 
2 2 2 - 9 ^ 2 1 

REDUCTIO N SALE 

76 Lond Cruiser, uit, 4 nhtel drive, 4 speed 
4S95 
75 firehitd, coupe, auto, on, power steering, power 
Ofiikes, stereo rudio '3195 

7S HORNCT HATCHBACK, outo, oir, radio, 3o,ooo miles, only 
.....’2195 
75 Cmii loniio Wugoii, auto, 
(iir, power sfeetinq rodio 
Speculi 2395 
71 AMC Mutodof, 6 cyl, 3 speed, real economy ’1295 
73 Olds Cutlu-.s Coupe, ou<o,. 
1)11. powei steering, power brukes, vmyl top . . ‘2795 
73 loid f 2So PicKup, 4 spd, coiiiKKiQt specilli.. . 1395 
73 VW 4 spd , sharp .. ‘1295 
73 Chrysler Newport, outo, oir, power steermg. power ntnkes, rodio 
‘1595 
72 Olils slolion wagon, outo, oil. power steeling, power hiiikes, rodio .... ‘1295 
72 Pinio, outo , rodio, oir 895 
71 [)otl(|R Olili, outo , ou, rodio...............1595 
69 Buitk Skylark, outo, oir, ind'O pi wer steeling 895 
69 Chewy Bekiir, 4 door, outo. ou, lodiQ ......... 495 

D R EY IR TOYOTA 
3 83 4 Fredericksburg f)d. 
736-4471 

L o f i e 
S l o r 
VOLKSW AGEN 
OPEN 8 A.M.-9 P.M. 
COME and SAVE 
ON ALL 
'77 DEMONSTRATORS 

.1 Yr 
5o ,o o o M ile W a rr a n ty A v a ila b le 

7o9-MTSUN 

•7o Datsun 51o, tSOO or best otter. 
933-41o3. 

U S B D V O Ir K S W A G IN S 
'76 MUSTANG IISiÄl": 
‘328o 
’72 VW BUS&.............. 
'74 VW THING.............. 
'74 VW SUPERS............ 
'74 VW BUS 
...... 
'75 CMC PICRÜPiS» 
2-'73 VW's 
.... ..... 
StiaM ,citracleM , n iw s i^ I I I Z Z l 
'71 VW SUPER BUGi.i»xi< 
'7o VW BUS.................. ‘1695 
Ov«r 1oo new & used cars in stock 

*2595 
‘2185 
‘2595 
‘3895 
‘3888 
‘2195 
‘1975 
‘1595 
‘1395 

 i 
T r e a Ì n TcT c À r sI 
5 
*‘S m The*« B e fe re 
■ 
■ 
You B u y ” 
■ 

1 
7 4 C A D I L U C 
! 
I El Dorado Cp«, 37,ooo., 
■ 
5 mites, «xtre nk«.......... 6 5 o o ® 

1 
7 5 B U IC K 
I 
I Ctnfuiy Setkin, 36,(Wo 
■ m ilts ,L « .................* 3 7 5 o I 

1 
7 4 H O R N E T 
S 

■ i C 
“ .’. . „ . “ 
' " . ' 2 2 9 s ! 
I '7 4 P O N T IA C 
I 
■ Grand 
Prix, 16,ooo 
■ miles, extro tire n e y e r ,,_ _ _ ■ 
.used 
...............* 4 85 o ! 

1 
7 4 DODGE 
I 
I 

Monoco koughom, 
■ 

' & 
S r . ' . . " " ’ . ' 2 7 5 o ! 

1 
7 4 P E U 6 F o T 
| 
I 

Diesel 
Sedon, füHy 
■ equipp^i 
. 
* 6 o o o I 
■ MOUGHTON MOTORS S 
I 313o AUSTIN HWY. I 
^ 
6S5>o241 

INDY 5oo 
-SPECIALS 

-7 3 S 
' 
WICK Centwy lu x u t^ ^ 

IIS A III Cuslara 4-door, 
7 3 35o V I 
$1895 
PONTIAC Cotolino 
73 Custom ........ 
$1795 

7 3 OIOS 98 IS 
........ 

'6 9 CANAIO ss 396.. $1595 
71 OIOS88,4-door... $1495 
TEMPEST Coupe, 
7 o 44,ooo rn 
$149$ 
VAUANT. Ccrttectors 
65 ifem,24,ooomi... $1495 
FORO Goloxie SOO 4 door, 
71 loaded, none niter $1395 
JAVELIN COUPE, looded. 
6 9s h flip ............ $1295 
. . . TORINO 4-dr. hardtop 
74 loaded ............... $1295 
. . - PONTIAC lonnevllte. 41,ooo 
’68octuolmi 
$1195 

* lASY TtRMS TO QUAUPIfC 
BUYERS 
* OPEN EVENINGS 
3 oo3 S.W. Military Dr. 
1922-3325 
o22-27o31 

T22-111YoTÄ 

IF YOU CAN B U Y A B E T T B R 
B U IL T SM A LL CAR THAN AT: 
D R E Y E R TOYOTA 
B U Y IT 
Must Soil! •7Í Toyota. Moro Info- 
-boginmna FrW ay, 3:38. 333-3579 
M u S f S E L L ! 'r i +6y o t a 
Corona. s-eao«4, AM-FM ttoroo. 
CB radio. 7,8oo mi. 4*4-39tt 
49 TOYOTA AUTOM ATIC. 

M I K r S 

USED CARS 

9 111 SA N PEDRO 
341-9 412 341-39 33 

TRANSPORTATION SPECIALS! 
'69 GRAN PRIX, nice cor ‘95o. 
'64 OLDS 4-door 
Ì55o, 
'65 CHIVY Belo ir 
‘45o, 
'68 vw , nice cor 
‘95o. 
'64 CORVAIR, nice cor .!7 5 o . 
'54 EORD Panel truck, new engine 
‘8So. e ALL CARS Sold as ist 

_________C A LL: 484-7378. _________ 
‘73 TOYÔTA Colica ¿T , 3-door, om-rodio, air, S33SO. 824-4959 
■73 Toyota Corina Ooluxo 3-dr. 
Sedan. 58,ooo milot, very clean. 
5149$. $34-341o. 
___________ 
•73 Toyota Corona M ark II, Sedon, 
! air, romo. 59oo. 474-S384. 
‘74 Toyota Corolla. $o m aeC loon! 
S3I9S. CoH: 34a-*474. ______________ 
194* -foV Ò T A C O R Ó N A , o ir. 
S49V193S Fresno-733-S41S 

‘75 Dottun Stotion ;ugon, a u ­ tomatic, air, new tires, excellent condition, 529o8. doy» 458 !7 n , i nights 43o-3o44, Marion. 
| 
Datsun HO Z, 1973, air, auto, am-1 fm, mags, rear shades, 53595 or best offer or trade, 344.137$. 
FORSMISYOWMEii 

SERVICE OPEN 7 to 6 
,.,f A K T S O « » f N S A T A L ID A Y 

 i l l ttS LAST B IF D i l YO « B U Y ! 
^ 
33o3 B R O A D W A Y — 
824-7311 

'74 Datsun 41o Wogon. Excoltont condition 
$4ooo. 
335-4o58, 
755 451! 

26QZ1974 
Air, 4-speed, A M FM 8 Irk. 
Mags, louvers, mctallc blue 
White Interior 
ExcotlonI condition 
54,3oo 
FOR THE N E X T 4 DAYS 
341-494o 

AAerCfdci, 1941, 19o 5L Soft Too, 
Cleon, nrw point, $4ooo. I 334-3343 
MUSTANG C O LLEC TO R S it you own a 44' -/ 45-44 ond would : like to meet others eauolly proud. ; coll Mr Mole» at 834 47gt 
'44 Muilong Completly restored, tnferior m im acuiaie. best otter aver 585o 337 56o3 
‘•48 Mostoou, Convertible. M e 
«nanicoity Restored. Need» Only 
Cosmetic Work to Finish 53ooo. 
*99-3571, 433 4437 
■49 Plymouth, all n«w ports, on- aine,' needs license, sticker and bofferv, excellent tor restoring 
.Coed looking -Se Plymouth m ned of some repair See to appreciate 
*53 1339 
S H E L B Y CT 5oo 438 cu , power, , oir outo., stereo. Luxury Sports. 
494 1933, 433 3o42 
•ee Shelby, « speed, 
«99 3571, 433 4437. 
•46 T BIRD, good condition, load ed 519oo 494 5891 
Tired of Phony Sports Cars thoi < 
Don’t P erfo rm ? Wont a Sport» j 
Car Ihot everyone admires Try o > 
Classic 1974 White LOTUS E U R 
O PA ! FM Stereo tope, 34.ooo m i, ' 
5-»pd , fast and 38 mpgl For appt 
*9« 5135 
I 
195o Willy» Von. 389 Ford engine. 
SJSO 458 1453 o«e r 4 
* 

7o4-AUoI 

•'74 Audi Fox. 4-spd , excellent, • w , stereo. 35.ooo mi 49« 33o7. i 
1974 Audi 1oo LS, auto. 4 door, 
'83,5oo Cull between t ond 5. Ted, ' 
837 497o 

 v Q • 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• BND OF M ONTN SALB AT 
• TO M BBNSON IM PO RTS 
• 19 75 CHIVY lifiTu 
^ SHwrad*, t/i , E-tiOTrkit i <r»x* 
V toihvL Ml mib, |ww«r *»*•«, 
® KiSticlflSriiiiii*** $5I»5.oo 54888.oo 

 a 1974 CHEVY .“S f 
* S ^ tan*, p««w ti»w»«, 
ITSJtH&e'Sbr.T??!'; $6895.oo $5888.oo 
19 74 GOLD DUSTER 
$2295.oo $2488.oo 
1975 PONTIAC 
$S8«.oo $3488.oo 
1974 CHEVY & 
’ 
$3995.oo $3888.oo 
1976 MAZDA 
$3«9s.oo $3288.oo 
1973 TOYOTA iSZ. 
„ 
4«fM4,rad«,l/C«M>rttW 
$2o95.oo $1/88.oo 
1975 MAZDA ••»!! 
4>eM4,..«.,i/t ......... 53o95.oo $2888.oo 
TOM BENSON IMPORTS Q 
9 5oo San Pedro 
341-1356 • 

• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
Q 
Q 
^ 

1974 34o2, 4 speed, oir, light blue, m uet te ll. 
5383$. 
1718 
W . 
Lawndole 834-o15«. 

T IB F IH T 

‘7«Tío!!TSSd5dr»fIÍMÍi^»añ?o^^ 
53868. «58-1453 otter 4. 
1975 FIÀV 1ÎI SL Coupe 4-sptad. miles 
5335o 344-33M, 
15,888 
343-4485 
"74 Ft AT 134 Spider, 11,888 miles loaded, p rice fo r quick sole, weekdays 334-5854, evenings and weekends, 828-8548. 
74 HAT 124 SPORT 
CO U PE. Scries 1888, 5 speed. 
Otr. ........... 
....,1259$ 
JAM ISO N M tft Seeuin, 333-5281 

72 AUDI 1ooLS t 

-door. air, outomotic Sunroof peed ond cruise 
52195 
JA M ISO N M trv Suguin, 323 52o1 
/(jg . CORVETTI 

TflSWßTlII 
1 

711- mi 
T x c S R e ñ n K ñ T 
525o8. coll 494-1879. 
7 f Hondo ¿ Iv lc , oír, standard. 
533-9141 ext. 2«, 1-435-1374. ni’ mu ixmwu'n 
•7 dition. Coll 
WxceltmìrcSm 

344-1138 otter 4. 

714-IMfflA_________ 
Beauk^l ¿llver ‘74 Moxdé W a^n" 

1971 TOYOTA gOMUA 

148o 2-deer Ceupe. Standard ironsm lstlon. oír conditioned. 
Like new! t .........................$1895 
H EM PH ILL MCCOMBS 

FORD SOUTHSIDE 

1981 SW MHWory 933-4313 

>33 fÓYÒ¥ A 'idoor, immaculote. trade, $1395. 343-3o93; 344-8845 

INTRODUCING TH E1977 VOUtO. r r s EVERY BIT A S GREAT A S 
OURI97GVOUTO. 
The 1977 Volvo 24()s have the i>anie fuel'iniecietl overhead cum engine to provide iipirited aceeleralion.The same sensibly .sized body ,j ' 
" that accommoildtes live si.x-f(H)ters. .And all the safety features you've come loexivetiHi a Volvo, r he new 
V'olvos aie now in our 

 sh k iw T kK im . 
So come in heft ire they move out. 

Pa ri^T^n\?ò lv o 

33,o88 mi., exceltcnt cond. $1895. 

313 9534. 
•74 MAZDA COSMO 4,ooo miles. 
Looded! 5-speed. 54395 Coll: jae 
Edgeheuse. 333-8411_________ _ 
•33 Moido, loaded, 34,ooo ml, best 

AUTHOBIZfO OfAMR 3o« PAiTtS, SAUS, SCRVtCf 

132 BALCONES NORTH 
732-2143 

TOYOTA OF SAN ANTONIO 
13o3 S.E. M ILITA R Y D R IV E 

934-94SI 

71 TOYOTA S99S 

 silver, 4-dr. new tire« 43S-1441 

76 CEIKA 6T looded, Kke nee.---- $425o 
73 DATSUN 24oZ 
*ir, looks brand new 
$35/5 
75 OLDS CUTLASS kir, outo, power, 7!J»o m* $355o 
74 CELICA 
Air, stereo, vinyl roof 
$275o 
74 HORNET 

Air, real n ic e 
$225o 
72 GRAN PRIX 
Like brand new . 
$245o 
TOYOTA 
OF SEGUIN 
224-4183 TOLL FREE 
W 
W 
E V E ^ ^ 

723 ÎRWN 
TmasrnsKTm“ 

Autfiertxed Sales and Service 

Trlumpti-Aita Romeo 

3111 BROADWAY 838-5511 
'f i lP ltP lR E ¿onv 37,o88 miles. 
Immocutate. TRADE. 334-4954 
7Í Spitfïre. Soft lop, kord lop. 

71S* MERCEDES 8ENZ 

 ever 5118o 458-8418 or 834-7$74. 

MUST Ü IL L Í ti Mocdo Wogen. 

Bxlro clean. CoH: 481-1815. 
715MaceKSIE(IZ 

7í8-Pm C i___________________ 
NORf'Í>lwO¿6 #Ò AséhE AUDI 

718 M___________ 
'Tî^SGïTffrî!!î8n!niîTrî*c«T lent. Del Rie. 1-398-1831. 

1314 N.E. LOOP 41o 

834-3314 
19f3 PÔ RSebÉ 914, AM-PM, dir. 

?w-tawETn 

•33 Corvette 35o HP Convertible. 

Austin H ealey 1959 bue-evTd) sprite, valued at 54ooo, leaving; country imm edialcty. Sacrifice' 
5135o 49» 3147 
1957 AUSTIN H EA LEY . Cleon, runs good. 5135o. 454 4343. 

7o6 BMW 
. 73 BMW 2oo3 air. am fm cosseHe 
' stereo, Del Rio, I 396 3o31 
7o7 CAPRI 
•74 C A PR I, outo. radio. 4 cyl. 
33,ooo mi 1349$ «58-9125 
1974 Copri, good fires, 4-speed, 
I AM FM tope, 52,5oo 494 2448 
/«Copri HotcMMCk. Air, 4-»p«ed, 
4 cyl. Very clean. 453-4434. 
• fl'Ä o p ri II i l titer V4, lew mSeage, 53388 «74-5373. 
ZgRCORVEÏÏE________ 
T T TT R !T ^ yî«rT ïanC tô3«lT 
CORVETTES. Priced reesanabiy. 

; 499 1877 or 499J3394 

: 
VEH IC LES UN LIM ITtO 
‘34 ¿orveftc automatic, fop, power windows, tilt ond telescopic steer- 
:<ng wheel, slerco, air, Ftrethern 
. Red, with Red and White Leather 

Interior, 17,888 miles, 5838o con- 

 itid e r trade. 
1-341-9311 or l ->48 3841 , Kylg Tx. 

ON A w an t AO tHt NUMUiO to CAli. 
15 335 14o4 

 txpei55 ANO Mtws 

MiMORIAl DAY 
SA Lil 
OPfN SAT. Thru MON. 
77 
COBVnifS, UotkHl (2) 
•7* COtVITTIS (2) 

7 5 CORVrm Cenveftiye 
75 COCVFTTf T-legt (4) 
'74 COKVnn MOF 
'73 C O t V im T-TOF 
•72 C O t V in f T-TOF 

•88 C O K V r m T-TOF 

•88 COtVETTI CenyertiMe 
'87 CO tvnn OMtaftibie 

'85 C O t V m f CwiyeftiM e 

•83 c o t v r r r i C«iy«f1iMe 
'88 MAKO SNAKK COtVrm 

V E H I C U S 

U N L I M I T B D 
7267 WURZBACH 
• Now MaBitpi OMtar • 
898-6294 
899-1313 
899-1877 

New engine, transmission tires, ! top. end point. Paper werk In eluded. Must sell immedloteiy. 
4 4 1 - 3 94 3 __________ 
74 CORVEf rC L-41 engine. 
19,8o8 ml. Excellent cendillon. 

Loaded, no eir Best oNer Fre- drlcfctbufg (D 997-3333 ; 997-3117 
'3 Ì"£ò ryeH e . 
Looded. M UST 

SELL! 734-4311; 49o-9981. 

¿6 ¥ v ¥ ff ¿5-Always o few good onos to cheese from at the right grtces at: 
CLASSIC CDACHWORKS 
11487 Son Pedre-344-3815 
>f a 'tiri/ otto. W hiferim m ocuï^e 

76 MIRCEDIS 
BENZ 45o SL 

2 To m , 
1o,719 
SKver, fbed Leotber, 
AAHos. 
LeeuM. 
Steewiaem New Cendftten. 
ALAMO TOYOTA 
514 Loor 41o NE 
(Aerate Fio m Hw AItinmI) 
828-o723 

•3Ì MDB Blue ceny. Plrotli tires, em-fm stereo, 8 treck. DOOD 
MPC Night 833-3839. 
*43 m 6 b . d t ' Hardtop eeitpe, Hiie condition, new whitewall tires. 
Reikuilt engine, wire wheats. 81858 
498-3433 
MDB GT, mint, extras, low 

 low mHeoge, tllSO firm . 458-9144 days; I-55311MVyentnBt. 
'43 f>orscbe' '¿eupe."'New paint. new leather interior. Air, excel- tent cend. <4588. 335-5841. 

Aerscfie. Lootied, o E T iiT P ^ 

 tape. IHte new. 35,888 ml. S5S88 or 

 best oNer. 344-3133. 
‘71 Porsche 914. New 3 litre motor, moas, tape deck. New paint. 54388 firm. 344-8954. 

AAA-PM Stereo. Great cond. 517oo 
Wrm. 454-1o33 onytime. 
49 Triumpli ¿fik-F. Geodi cbnJt- tton. oyerdrlvc. $1395. 453-4534. 
193o f R iuM PH ip ïîïire . 'ia ïio . 
Tonneau caver. $948. 494-3538 
34 TRIUM PH iP lt P IR E COHV. 
Like new. 

134-4345. 
53895. 
834-4844; 

‘73 Triumph Stag, 18,8o8 mi. V I, 4 senter, new convert, tap. A clat- tici 5438o. 343-3481 
35 Trium p h"fi'-ri 
¥ Ite, air, 

13,8oo miles, om-fm tap«, 834-8313. 
>74 TR-f Yellow, 14,toé miles, 4 

GOOD-WEAK CREDJT?? 
With Stable Income? 
There is o way we con 
Sill YOU A CAR 
OR TRUCK 
*6 o Models to choose from 
PRICED from $49S. 
KiNNEY MOTORS 
39 28 BROADWAY 

■33 Cuttass, 3 door, loaded 
■74 Veoo, auto, air ........... 
•3o vw Bua ............. 
‘78 AAoverlck 3-door ........ 
‘48 Ltd 4 door................... 
•48 AAercury 4 dr. A-1 ...... 
•44 Cuttass 3 door............ 
SM ITH’S Used Cars 

785 S.ALAMO • 334-9144 

3 dependable cors Her slSeb. Olds 

3I»5. 
$159$. 
51895. 
5995. 
5495. 
5395. 
5395. 

 speed, oir, am-fm stereo, 55188 Cuttaw, Americon M e t^ y iM U f 
Arm. 333-3191 day; 435-3314 otter 
5pm. both cars beautiful cand. 834-5843. 
3Ï kbrman'Gkid du'tel ria air, nice 

724-fflHWRSEM 
TTTTnR!l^ïoTteTTî?aT»^»ît^ 

»y 4o tires. 4 bolt pattern, 

5158. CoM: 4344444 enyWme. 
31 Bug, Air, Àm-Fitir 51158. ex- ceilent cenditian MM444. 

MmrCMSEMNgE 

 vw RtaUlMs 5149.95 453-7844. 

Conraro. Call 498-1133 
•ffdl’fft~r66P''v5LKÍwISIÑ 

733-3131 
4433 FR ED ER IC KSBU R G ROAD 
‘3s'R ayxt'.'ls nwiTsunroBt, 
FM end im rol 343 8948. 
ROD EAST VOLKSWAGEN 
1483 N.E. LOOP 418 

131-1381 
•31 Super Beetle, din-fm ttereo, a ir, new tires, uses r t f , got. 
51,956. 498-9393. t 

 t T s o î# ieetie. New battery, 

 tires, AM-FM stereo, o ir, uses reg. get. 51958. 496-9393 

 vw . 
CMl: 
494-5734 
•3474o4 after 
3; 

 mites. 44135. 453-8454____________ 
'33 MG Midaet convertible, om-hñ 728'SMI 

VoLKSIM6EM 

Partf-Service-Cars 
455-1131 
"VO LK'SW Ag-EN ’' 

 graduation present. 47S-U74. 
•34 LOTUS, Mid-engine. 33,8o4 mi. air, rodials, mags, am-fm radio. 
7349489 
73B-743 MTBMWIIES 
T ^ îtc ïrO m W î3?¥ TÏSTmT 
Elegani, Garaged, power teofher seats. 
AH pawtr, PM . 51SN. 
143-8388. 

Single Womtn-OivorcBB's 

Having trouBle buying o cor, let m eholei 

CALL BOB. 934447t fix À X A U fó ¿A LES 
Our tgeciolty ■ extra nice used 

 i. 933-4141 • 933-8717 cars. 
731 lü 
T n R n T assS io rT rü n s^ tais work. 53oo. Col: M9-33S4. 
'7 Í Ambdtsofior Station Woaen, powor, air, vary nice cond. 3411 igo, 4848517 

 very clean, 53495. 455-8159. 
71------------------- 
Á M ¿" 

 brokes, shacks. 5835. 455-184$ 
‘ AMERICAN MTRS. CAR$ 

11,88« ml. 51595. 3348153 
>34'"m g Mkiaetl'Clark green with tan interior. 3,8o8 mtlas, all ex- 
•6U6SII 

76 
V O LK SW A G EN 
Ô ÏÏF4 

EBUOGY TOAD. 585o. BANDER- 
A: t-394-43M. 
Y P n lfe ik tw 'b feii 'Seäan r'Meffl 

 tras. 4943931; 341-3353 öfter 4. 
• t i 
Mtdgel m tnT cbn¥in«n7 s ee rackBta. te oppreciafe. UIOO. 49437M. 
‘tT'Mg"Midget Special, illbo miles, 
AM-FM, 53858, 433-3584. 

'44 thru ‘74 M ODELS 

CALL B IL L : 8344438 
73 SAAB Sonett III 

\ 1931 Volkswagen i 

 cleoni S)89$'S344377 
C T S S T S cenditian I 

 condition. 53588. 349-3881 

721 s m g 

Ctossir 1944 358 SE Coupe. Auton, sunraef. power, 813-511-4313 
717 Ma 

 i 
***** 
*F4-314I ! ■ 35-3o8 'diêsê'r'''''â'nï'v 'li,888 miies! 
) y 
51o,158 333.1143 
31 ¿«rvefte, 454, with oír, pawe¿ custom interSer, T-A 48'S, I «wner. caM é$7'%447 
• 4 T K ?r?g h v fi'f'fi, new motb'r. good running condition, some bedv repair needed. 
715-3338 

 eves. 

>49 lUerce^s BeriiTM Ï th¥wroam cond. lew ml, 13 mpg. Serious inquiries only, «943847 

7o8 MTSWÍ 
Tr^raT«!!T*nT"T!n!rT'e!^^ brakes. 
4945I13. 
59M or feetf otter. 

DATIUte 

BRYSON AUTO CEN TER 

1438 PAT BOOKER 

UN IVERSAL CITY 458-4371 

■V4 6 ¥ fY Ü N F-1 o; Hatchback. 

I tfTlM ercedet 458SSL. Bxcellent 
; condltien. Leather, geid metatiic. 
Will consider wholesale er trade, i f-M<V29l i 

 f'bf4'hLé'rce'idlë's'Ho i'eb'án. but'oT 

; Stereo, white with sunroet, 58,195. 

149-5953. 
M#rcedér458""?LC, loaded, ritz, 

; «1,o8o ml. Exceitent cend 514,35«. 
; 2348371 or 493-3314 
M is s io n ¿ it y im p o r t s 

o| i l $ 2S(M :a$l 

Bngine overhauled, clutch and brWtes, to good wheels end tires, extro radiator, neods carburetor, valve adlushnent end timing ond seme electrlcat work. 1443o11 

, eves. 
•ti b PEL OT", eutiir stcroo raPi«, 
: S1495. 331-8153 

• yrspel exc«ii«n< C«fi" ditian New point lob, new seals. 

> 51986. I444S11. 
‘YS' 6 p i! L oT ''’4 'sp eSri'iiit 
51M beipw SR. 343-/331 

74St»ARySB)Ml 

4-daar Sedon. 4speed, oir 
51495 

JAMISON Mtrs Seguin, 333-5381 

 tog on fäSHüeiröööd 

_________ 5395-1.139-3143 
ë V iiïiV » * 
44 V O LX SW A g òh . W rb cb eil iiXCtllCllf i ¿gil %|4,4g4$ 

I :74"VÌ»f,'bÌr:iHÒ mites';'als«'"YV 

MOB. 4343414. 
>4l VW, am. iieet, ex cïlftn feô iâf 
Hon. 5385 Aik Monugl 341-9433 
VW Bu4 '4$ aeod ceodiHan, st3$, 
149-44M mutt teW. 

722 TimA 

M ERCED ES-BENZ Sates-Service 
183« SAN PED RO 
3143343 
17.o8« m i., 5 sad., AM-FM. 
Rodiols. excetleni. 53195. 454-3484. 
/ Í Dotsun^ Lene Sod pickup. om 

IN TMi ixeeiss Ntws 
CAU 235-1444 

I». 
■ Authariitd Oedier fir Merc«da4 fm radio, low m iltoge, 498-8471 i 
Beni and SAAB dcys, 
735.89o3 

 weekends. 

 loee, 49 

 nfBhls 

 lR n lM C lty la iM ls ,lK 

 kutherued Oedier f«r Mercede» 

 and 
3838 SAN P f ORO 7341141 

73 Of>ELIMIiTA Hass’ eir, 4speed, very clean 435-1441 
'ñ ' òpài ÀÀanta. NeedTüihéTsterv! 
51188 Call: 337-49o7. 
WBüÑBTüE" oír, radio, new tíree- battery, excellent 455-5983 
74 öpei lt«8 Wogon. Vs'ooO miles, 
138o8. 4344533. 

Across Frem Airport SM-O/ll 

534 N.B LOOP 41o 

*34 ¿e ilc e GT, fuHv ibáüeiü. moving, must sell 
341-3431 

1345859 
7 4 'Celìca GT, loadeü, green- whlte Int., excellen t cend. 
83433o3; 1 535-4898 efter 3 
‘34 CÒRo LX a goui»#, s't'endarX eir, em-fm, new sfeei radiait, naw paini, 18,o88 mi. 531o8. 313-8938; 

3341553 

 radialt, auto. Iron «mission excet- lent condition $3448. day 4941789, 

 evenings 4943353. 

Vw b'us,' runs goad, sbll. Atk 

Manuei 141-9433. 
OASHER, auta, al'r,lb alt 

> naw $1495. 331-8153 

74 Coralla, Standard, rodio, isoo mtles, 82195, 141-I8I4 ove«. 

 i 'édciT'alr comiPiónars‘for éàr'ly 
1973 Tovotos; Corono, Colica, Co­ rona. Umt mgf by Clardy. 535o insloHod. Contaci David Kolmut, 
441-42o1. 

VNBMtNOVMfHrim 
M ETRfCM ASTER, 8347437 
‘44 VW. '4i ongino, tun rool. Good condilton. 5488. 4948811 

71 Vlw Fa»fback,axcollonf, now motor, air, tow milot. 51435. 143 
-3433 
•74 VW 4 i¥ tew mi., itafig , 
OVIO, 
25mpg. 
53895. 
494-3MI, 

3341348 
>35 VW Rabbit Ooluxo. 15 mpg, 
Uko now. 4 spd. AM FM , 8-track, cdSMtto. Many oxtrot. 4563593. 

548o ALL AM ERICAN 
11 G IV E AWAY It 
EL LIS MOTOR CO 

IH34So. Sdn AAoreet 393-81o3 

>37 ¿rbm iin, lib¥ MW, ^hy ieoP- od. auto Ironsm itoton, 5185o, 
441-4354 or 45341349. 
• Il Óromiin k ttd, o ir, sforoo, pawtr, now paint, $1495 4344545 líso é'. 'M 'bvin''i, ''m utt sol'i ‘'7Í 
Nemot, Oir, toadod, t»-2454. 
• i^ rí> ¥ ¿ii,' übó''iibwt^' 'l ^ if ""Í4Í 
233-1343_________________________ 
‘45 RAAAtLRR C iotslc, 4bopr. only $95. radio, hootar, 334441« 
W 
R i i i O 
T y B o S c ^ K ; ? 

5148 talh 435-144I 

M EM O RIAL DAY 
SPECIALS 
A U PRICES REDUCED 

L*A D ^ A T A I I U A ^"1^« F«*9t, 8", onfinoj 
» bo CAT AU N A tmlctoon........................ 
’69 ROLARA 
4 door, pewei, ox, o<! extroi, runs j 

CROWN penet, j 

F’69 SKYURK 
’145o| 

(ustom 4 doof, power, ok, »inyf <« o e A roof, teol tleoit........................ 
I4 2 W ( 
71 ROLARA 
71 GALAXil 
. r*!:"'- *149o' 
171 DART 

 deen.WAS$fm ... 

"6" bonffta- P«w*f> 68. whitewol), new point, a cteon gm,?,T'‘185o 

 ty m E l 1 o V I I I 4-door, power, ok, ciune controf, 
» • r U n I I I I yinyi roof, tew mteege, «ol cteon.. 

’73CARRICI 
*185o1 

 cteon, power, 

 whttewota. WAS S329S .......... 

75 6RtMllN ‘ 
" 

. . T extras. 

 whitewoNs, Kkc new 

I ’ Y A A C D C àl “4" coupe, ok, radie, heeler, f / O A > r s il whiftwolh. vinyt roof. 21 S3 ertuel 

*299o( 

 outomofic, $ 2 ^ ^ ^ 

 mdes. 
173 CATAUNA 
,75 CHARGfR 

Eow *3795 

4-door, originel and cteon, 
. |» ||l power t oic................... - 
A 1 
IE., cnifte control, power, oir, vin]^ roof, reol shorp. K8J799 
‘435o1 
'75 GRAM TORINO Ä frihT ‘335o wnyl roof, exfiti shorp 

Cteisit 4-door, power, oir, all ex- frcB, hke new. ...................... 
"6 ” 2-door, power, on, vinyl roof, immocutete................ cruise con­ trol, FM, vinyl roof, whtfewolls, j origintd ond clean power, oir. 

175 MALIBU 
,76 GRANADA 

^ 5 CORDOBA Ä 
S 
ä 

*345o’ 
*415o( 

^75 CORONET 

 l74BÜICXffsh;,F.r«"--^ 

 vinyl 

455o| 
*345o 
*325o( 
76 CORDOBA 

75 BUICK 

 vinyl roof, like new, 
#EMP72o. Wos $S89$ 
................................. 
Century londou hordtop, Y-6, power, t»r, vinyl roof, crti extras, Wt# new. 
Wos $4391 ........... ....................................... 
Custom Hardtop, powet, ok, oil ex- tras, vinyl roof, shmp................. 

►’ Z Z N I W Y O R K I R a T u i f p o w l f S ; 

*555o( 

7 2 H M R A L A 
*399o1 
*215o, 

 j »oW 

’ 7 2 C O U R T cteon___ 

 mileage, originol and clean, now 

Y Ia V II I ¥ 
’""y' 
U e Y IL L C foof, ofiÿiiol ond 
‘235o 

‘285o 
W A G O N S l’36 VOIARE ‘,ii,K .r "’..“:’..'"r'..«445o( 
'72 BUICK 
‘195o 
I’M AMC S Â X . Î ’K«!».':’':... ‘239o< 
,73 P lY M O U T H !.“r p r : Î ; Â 
‘ ‘ 2 55o ( 
’’74 CORONFT ä’Ä 
: ‘. Ä 
”"‘‘335o 

 i* 7 A D f in f t F 
«<»9o1, power, ok, crime 
I / O 1 / U V I9C control, 3 seofs, wood grain ponek, . - - luggage rock. NOW....................... . . . . . . . . . 
*51oo 
O.R. MITCHELL DODGE^ 
.113o BROADWAY fv?^OS 227-2283 

★ NICE CARS ic 
Reduced to Sell Now ! 

76 PlYMOUTH 
Stereo with tcgw deck, wee wheel covers, IS,99o mites, comote iráckef seots................................. 
17C r A B B C T 2-door, 6 cyiindtr, sk, power 21.S34 
/ 9 ( . O M t l mites. Exceitent. ................................ 
3) AH with ok, power. oN met. 
•75 CORDOBA 
75 MERCURY 
" ^ steieo, 18,ooo mHes— 
........... 
73ToRoNADo ‘A T Ä 'I Ä 'S ond windows, 42,ooo miles. 1 owner.................. 

*4295 
*2695 
*3995 
*4495 

*2395 

’ 7 4 R L Y M O U T H S R O R T V O Y A G iR 
(12 possengcr) lus. 34o Itt, ok, power, power steering, power brakes, 3o,ooo miles. "We SoW It . « ra n e 
Mew, Just Got It For Qukk Sole At:................... 
4 o Y 3 
• ^ 1 D lll/ 'l/ Skyterk Custom convertible. Hos new tep,|q a n E 
7 1 p U iC .K WT, power, drives like new................. 
IO Y J 

I f t 
^ f9" 
/ *# IIU I# v C outomotic, power steering, sei« price...... *275o 
74 AWC Hornet Sportobout, stondard, ok, 6 cylinder.. *2495 
’73 OLDS bucket scots, console, only. ■ — •* rr: ‘2395 
75 MAVERICK ‘„¿ÜS,:""!*!’:': 
"I*“ ‘2395 
7 4 CHEVROUT 
‘2495 
’73CHRYSIER K S U i . X - T ' ' ‘2395 
'74 CHEVROLET 
‘1895 

A U k f Ambassador Brougham, ok, power, other ex- 
/ A M in v extremely deon 
*1495 

'73 MYMOUTH 9URY, B1o9S,'7o CHBYSUI NfWKHIT, $85o, *8« 
ODDOI COBOfNTf, 3-Bcra», $75o. '73 COBDNA, $1185. 

LOTS M O KE 
AN »m rwoim 

JACK REIG ER 
CHRYSLER RLYM O U TH 
58o o San P e d ro 
7 3 2 -82 1 5 

LOW 
MILEAGE 
R E N T - A - C A R 
W ILL WHOLESALE 
19 76 ★ FIFTY ★ 19 77 
LOW MILEAGE CARS 

All makes ancd nsodels. All with air conditioning and automatic, many with power. Open for inspection Sun­ day - Coll 341-8211 
INSFiaiON SUNDAY— a U 341-S211 
'IxLislÜ Ü 
8727 AIRPORT BLVD. 
1 b lo ck so u th of Lo op 41 o 

 m u m 

71 Butck CenvertlBIe 158-4 Cen- turtea. whlfe-wMte taB-brown in- te n e r; new tran s., valva», rodMIs; all power; om-fm ttaree; erutta cenfrel; tilt w h cti; air. 
52758. g4-IS»7. __________________ 
71 èulck ifectro '225'. All power, gir. 2937 Reoteyrtt 
‘7Ì iuick Eloctra 225. Green, vin- yl tap, all power. Excellent cond. 
$175«. «92-2494. 
‘ié Buick Éetate Wogon, loaded 
12.6oo ml. good cond. $558o firm. 
494.1791; 4M-19«6. liìfJ lufck Lelab r« 4-deer. Ex- celtant family cor. $18o8 824-oI97 
‘7ir i g ïg g 'T e S A i'E i'i ':'N lg i 
51749 N ET PA Y O FF. OW NER 
EQ U IT Y F R IS S it« BROAD- 
WAY (ALAMO HEIG HTS) 
Buick. 
Ümltad. 2 ctaornoodled. nevar damaged, 59,88« actual 

 m iles, moke oHer. 128 Wagen 
TraU Rd. Shavono Park. 492-144$. 
74 Buick Lim ited. Full power, 

55995 WIN foctary otr. Like newt trade 931-2ttl 
78 Buieii. ilè è .'m e fe r need* repair, 457-3943. 

T l t t k l M l l l I K 

195. or bast aftar, txceUe 

7 R -n m ifiTgrg»"' 
I3S88 or best eftar, 435-$S44 offer 

2 I 

 fine, geed cend7 51195, e9«-38S4 
• 3 Í " i ilT ¿ K 
J y"' 'j “ ¿¡a j'r 

 hardtap, power »teerina, brcMces, foctary oir, outom afic transit- 
Sion. Cleon lis ts . 98% ttnenclna gyeilabta. celt 224-4418_________ 
'í3 l'A K T 'Sn taW .V ¥ , cwfomafic, 
Pow tr. Pocfory air. Excollent condlftani 
52595 
W ill trod# fai-M ti 
7^ Buick Cenfuricih. «-dr.^fsafd. top, factory air, oil power, AM- 
FM staree, vmyl tap, steal rodials. 
Low mNeage, exceltanl. 52188. 
453-4141. 
~T'F-T'R1. liUKi NUMttB--- 

51195. or bast etfbr, tx ce lltn f condlfton. Must sell. 494-2MB 
>4 Buick R Ivttro . Loaded, ail leather In te rio r. $3595. C oll 
314-4311 or 45H18«. 
>7o Skylark, tow m itet, 
Buick, ctaan 51395. 124-2793. ____________ 
>74 Buick ik y lo rk v-4. F u lly 
Landau reef 
53495 eoulpped. 
34M424 
>75 Buick ik y ta rk , V-'4, fu lly 

N f w 
H o m e s 
I N 
NORTHWeST SA N 
ANTO NIO 
D o m in g s o o n 

ANOTHER FINE 
RAY ELLISON 
COMMUNITY 
6 81 -3o2 o 

TR-W nt 
’esinnnAiBss 

Very geod condltleni 
________ 
435-1441 
S k V l ARK Custem ‘72. Leodeb. radiais, very low m itaaat. vary clean. 
124-4424 

 equipped. Like new. IS,oo1 mi. 
53,395. 45»8478. 
‘49 Buick Skylark. Needs point job. Exceltant intarler, 814-9184. 
H Confury Regel. 

7S3-MHUM 

 roe fAST Rfsuirs 
PlACr ÏOUR WAN! AD 
IN THl IXPRtSS NIW5 
CAIL 335-1644 

356, power, euta., vinyl top, AM-FM 8-track. 
39,888 ml. Exceltanl cond. 53488. 
714-3181; efter 7 : 474-4178. ________ 
¿tete out below lean 5fsé-5l,888- 
•43 ta 75 modols. 4B4-1M8 

7 4G a a b t B n | n M 
Uke Now, Warranty. B38-8197 
Uke New. WarronTv, B38-8197 
-------- 

C LEA N C A R II 3937 Reesevelt 
'TÍ todU iac Cenvertible. Pheen- icien ivwrv. Under 758 mi. 5lt,M8. 
4B«-H79ttf 7:18 p.m. ______________ _ 
^~>CabHtac Cioupe DtVií¡e.'’'PüTiv 
_ 
;«u»e 
47 Electro 4dr, I owner, needs i landed, must sell. 53588. 933-8418. fnteor ry g irs 8 8 o 8 134-5943 
____ 
73 CodiMoc CeuM^OeVNibTw 
>71 lle cfra 'liS ' one «wner , low i '«ck interior. Excellent condlttan. mHes S18-415S, After 7:-«9«-81o3. 
: 51888 or best otter. Call 33t-8tl8. 
'7 4 'E tT A T K W A G G N . C ruise, 
‘7f C A D IL lA ^ Coup«, i«ade(l< am-tm. o88« cend. iM 8. «4B42M hxik» now. |I9»S. 33l-llf2 
___ 

 w m m 

EXPRESS-NEW5 BONUS ANS 
TEXAS SIZE SAVINGS 
2 ukws $ 

 m m m 
7 

 m m c o M M i t c i â i i 

 c M m m m 

 m m m m 

 m m o m m 

1 

 m m m m s u L tm 

 m m a s 
L 

BUY NOW 

DURING 
CAVENDER’ S 
— BIG — 
“ ONE WEEK" 
USED CAR SALE 
N O W , THROUGH J UNE 1 ST 
1 5 o CARS 
TO CHOOSE FROM 

ALL M A K E S — MODELS AN D PRICES 

Liberal Trades and Terms 

« 'A V K X D E K 
O E W X M O B IE E 4 o 
1oo1 BROADWAY • 226 -7 35 3 • 226 -8 7 7 2 

NEW ’7 7 DODGE ASPEN 

2-door sedan, economical 
6 - cy linder, standard transmission, radio, wheel cov ers, whitewall ties, 2 to choose from. 

SALE 
PRICE« 3 6 5 o 
NEW ’7 7 DODGE ASPEN 

STATION WAGON 
4-door, factory air, automatic transmission, power steering, power disc brakes, tinted glass, and many more ex tras. 

SALE 
PRICE 

SALE PRICE ON ALL NEW ASPEN 
4-DOOR SEDANS 

L 

AND 
DEMONSTRATORS 

o. R. MITCHELL DODGE 

I J 3 o B R O A D W 
A Y 

64 Cadillac Coupe Oc Ville, good tronìporalìon, S47S. 6S6-84Io after 
S and on w e e h e n d s 
_________ 

• n Cadilloc 4 dr. Rough outride hut runs good. L ow M ite og e . tisoo 658-8487 after 6. 
'68 Cadillac Sedan Oevilie. Puilv euuipped L ike new ! SH95 W ill trade 9?3 288J 
■73 Cadilloc E'iDorodo All exiros 
S unrool 
One ow ner 
V e ry low rntleuge 
L ik e new* $4495 W ilt trade 923 2883 
______ 
73 C odilioc rie e fw ood B rough 
□ m O. E xccllnnce . in B e autiful 
C ond ition, w ith oil op tio n a ls . moke otter, doy 349-5721, nignl* 
1 833-4117 
C A D IL I AC L IM O U S IN E 
V e ry oood condition. S255o 653-98oo 
Cadillac, like new. 75 Fleetwood 
B rouqhum O 'l-le g anc e E v e ry option except sunroof Complete 
SVC. re coid s ovoilobte ot R iota 
By orig. owner. 494-6839; 656-1313. 

* FLEETWOOD | i* BROUGHAM « 

¡"iF 4 dool, 12,(WO Miles, very g ood 'lt; 
(ondition May be seen ot 9 6o o ^ 1 i u Ootopoint Mondoy thru fridoy. u j 
C tll'ofoppf 
5 
I 
6 9 6 - o o 6 o I 

Seated bids accepted thru J unc ,^ 

San Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS-^Saturday May 28 19 7 7 

;3 o 743MiieMoB(lES 

I Î ! if**’ i« « ii i * a i I » 
•! I nS 
' i'. '“ “ tS 'S E "*W U # 4 iii« *e jiN ni(e ,U S i 
111.. 
...fci 
WWMiUuiijise* 

19 7 7 GRANADA 2 DOOR 
6 cylin d er, w h e e l covers, tin ted glass, w h ite side w a ll tires, p ain t stripes. LIMITED EDITION 
«O»“ ' 
*39 99 * 

19 7 7 GRANADA 4 DOOR 
Automatic, air, tinted giass, wheei cov ers, power steering, white side 
S ^ R .'V R S ^ S ^ woli tires, #7 49 4, #7 5 47 . 
"W M T PIt 

• CLOSED SATURDAY • OPEN SUNDAY • 

 c a v e m o n e y ! ! ! 
A ll vehicles at one LOCATION!!! 

ALL PRICES INCLUDE 
DEALER PREP AND FREIGHT 
341 -5 5 7 1 
9 8 o o SAN PEDRO 

• Pay ments do not include 

 state tax es, title and license. 

733-CADIllAC 

Toke over paym ents 1975 CAOIL .- 
L AC COUPE D E V U -L .E , 2-door loaded! L eather Interior, A M -FM tape. B alance $662o, no e quity. 
Call; Dennis 222-o986 

734 CHEVROLET 

1974 B e lA ir station wagon, lood- ed! t1595-674-784S 
____ 
‘7o Comoro. 6 cyl, std, good con­ dition. $14oo. 69o-8838 
‘75 Com oro. E xce ptionally good cond. Stereo tope unit, pow er, 6 cyl. 655-o212; 656-6o15, 
‘76 Cam aro, fully equipped, low miles. $4495-341-1426 
MEMORIAL DAY SPECIALS 

‘76 Comoro, lik e new 13,ooo m iles, coll Rie 333-391o or 826-7878 
1975 CAMARO. L ike new, 28,ooo m iles 826-956$, 695-8o56 
‘68 C om oro, 327 4 speed, new point, cteon. $12oo. 822-o667 
•69 Comoro, stondord, air. $1o5o. 
Ask M anuel 341-9433 
Comoro ‘76 V8, power, oulo, om- fm , 2o m p9 , m us t s e ll $445o. 
826-6672 or 824-5631. 
75 CAPRICE SUPER L O A D E D ! 
2-door. Coll: J.A. G orto, 222-8611 
'55 CHEV 2 door. $9oo 
924-21o2 or 226-o538 
C heveile. *73, A M -F M S tereo 8 track. A ir, auto, power steering, brak e s , w ind ow s . B loc k w ith block interior, $2,985. 435-7187. 
‘7o Che velie M ollbu Sedan. 
648-3o25 
■67 Cheveile, SS 396 A utom atic, 
R e built to O rig in o t C o nd ition, 
$1o95 or be s t o ffe r . 922-7279. between 12 ond 8 pm _________ 
‘65 C he ve ile 6 s tand ard , runs good, $375. 684-4433 Otter S pm 
•7o 
C H E V E L L E 
S T A T IO N 
WAGON. C A L L : 924-5425. 
'65 Cheveile Super Sport, 2 d r V-8 
Autom atic, 922-3838. 

7 3 C H E V E L L E Wagon 
',734-6613 air, power $155o. Toter, 
1977 Chevette H atchback 4-speed. 
8,ooo miles. 344-33oo, 342-66o5 
‘7o C he v role t B laz e r, 4 w he e l d riv e , re al cle an om -fm stereo fully loaded, $315o coll 661-4354, 
653-o749, 
C he v role t 1968 C apric e 4-door hardtop. A ll extras. 8o,ooo m iles. 
Owner outo. V e ry good condition. 
344-5995 
CHEVRO L ET 1968 Coprice, 4 d r hardtop. A ir, Pow er steering ond brokes. 8o,ooo m iles, v e ry good condition. O wner outo. 228-4915 
‘71 C he v role t 4-door, outo o ir. 
$1o95-432-2644, 432-266o 
■7o C hevrolet 4-door, V-8, s tic k shift, oir. $795 432-2644. 432-266o 
. go condition, $295. Coil 653-9612. 
‘ 73 C he v ro le t Im p a lo W ag on, 
$2195. 333-3362 
1974 C he v role t im palo 4-door, l-ow ne r. In p e rfe c t c ond ition. 
344-33oo, 342-66o5 
‘ 71 C he v ro le t Im po lo C ustom 
Coupe. V-B, outom otic , pow e r, factory oir. low miteoge. E xcep­ tionally cle an!! $1695 W ill trade 
923-2883 
C he v role t Im p a la Sedon 1973. 
Perfect condition! $135o Sacrifice 
435-1641 
•72 Chevrolet Novo v-8, stondord transm ission, pow er, factory oir. 
E xtra Cleon! 
$1495 Witt trad e 
923-2883 
1964 Chevrolet station wagon. One owner. 2937 Roosevelt 
‘69 C hevrolet Von, M otor needs w ork, $6oo. 623-2446. 
■7o C H EV R O L ET WAGON 
$825, 226-o291 
‘ 74 C he vy C a p ric e C la s s ic , excellent cond., 684 o663, 684-2854 
■74 C H E V Y C A P R IC E C lassic. 
W hite v in y l loo. L oaded, clean 
$2495. Conyon L ake (1)935-2117 
•69 Chevy C aprice. 396, outo., m o­ tor and trans . good. F ront end wrecked. A fte r 5: 654-1815. 
‘ 74 C he vy C us tom . E x c e lle n t cond. socrilice. $2395. 673-o997 aft. s 
1974 Chevy Im palo Custom 2-door hordtop. 826-9565, 695 8o56 
_______ 

BIGGEST SALE \R OUR 2 1-YEAR HISTORY!! 
SALE ENOS TUESDAY 8 P.M.— FINANCE MGR. ON DUTY 
RBMeMBER: IF YOU DON’T BUY YOUR CAR FROM TINDALL’S YOU’LL PAY TO MUCH 
OPEN ALL DAY MEMORIAL DAY, TOO!! 
ON THE SPOTKNANCING AVAILABLE 

• NOTICE TO DEALERS • 
D ealers W e lc o m e d — Bring Y o u r Tax N u m b e r 
Bring Y ou r W ife — Bring Y ou r Title 

»5188 

» 64 8 8 

* 3 9 8 8 

»4688 

» 5 3 8 8 

» 4 3 8 8 

 teriof. low milcQge. 

^lowtr uf in- iUSI 

7 5 C A T A L IN A iUST 
4-door, fully loodtd, 
AM/FM stereo with 
............ JUST 

» 5 1 8 8 

» 2 5 8 8 

7 5 G R A N D L E M A N S 
. 

7 5 G R A N D L E M A N S o t 
34,ooo miles............................... 
JUST 
F i i v f AFF 
Supreme 
2-door, hardtop, fully 
/5 CUTLASS looded, like new................ JUST 

» 3 4 8 8 

» 3 78 8 

* 4 1 8 8 
*7C C A C A D I ’ 
9^1 woRon, fully looded. AM/FM 
/ y S A tA K I stereo with tope, cruise contrid, luggoot rock, 31,ooo miles...................... 
M t 

 fWM F B V B iibiA d-door, fuHy looded, driven only 
# 4 CATALINA 44,ooo miles, kke new 
JUST 

7 4 G R A N D R R IX condition. 
JUST 

7 4 G .T .O ...................................... 
JUST 

7 4 F IR E B IR D 

» 3 8 8 8 

» 2 3 8 8 

» 3 1 8 8 

» 1 9 8 8 

» 3 2 8 8 

7 4 M O N T E C A R L O from.............................. 

 fully looded, showroom condition, 2 to choose 
« « » •« aa 
.................... jun *27 8 8 

 tjM U C A IT IID A Mofchbock Coupe, radio, heater, 
# 4 V t r l l U K A outomotic, power steering, power * m o a brokes,6cylindet,economy. 
JUST 
1 TO O 
» 74 r A T A IIA IA * 
•»a«(»op, t 
/4 CATALINA showroom conditwn. 

7 4 C E N T U R Y d.awfw»n condition. 
'74 MALIBU [.ko'ilSOLD' 

. " Ä 
‘ 2 4 8 8 

“ iS i‘ 3 1 8 8 

; ! . “ 
1 i.‘ 2 5 8 8 

’ 
7 7 G R A N D P R IX a 
, « l . “ 'o'“ 
12,ooo miles. Sold New $6718 
..........................NOW 

' 7 7 G R A N D P R IX U a d c l - a a r ' ' power door locks, cruise control, tilt wheel, AM/FM stereo with tope, 1o,ooo rrales, Velour interior. Sold hew $8812 ................... 
NOW 
•7A r O A A I A n A 
’“•’t ktoded, 27,(MO 
/ O U K A N A U A miles, like new.................. JU$T 
» 7A D A A IU C U IIIC hordtop. fully looded, 

 t o D U n n C V IL L C power windows, cruise con­ trol, like new............................. 
JUST m iiF i# ^9 ^okrc lomtou 2-door, hordtop, fully 
/ O D U IC K loaded, AM/FM stereo, pwet windows ond seots, power door locks, tilt wheel, cruise control, 
14,(XW miles, shorpest in city .......................... JUST 

'76 M O N T E C A R L O 
. " I m , 

76 G R A N T O R IN O L I ” d S T n i, s 3 
'73 G R A N D P R IX SJ l i l I X , U t « 
" miles, like new.......................... 
JUST 39oo windows, low miteoge. 
JUST / / O O 

7 6 G R A N D P R IX U S windows ond seats, tilt wheel, cri^fw P .f^llou 

74 MARK IV tope, cruise control, tilt wheel, lea- $F a a a ther interior, driven only 39,ooo miles, a bargain ot... jJ O O 

74 B O N N E V IL L E windows 
** aruise control, 46,o9o miles. and seots, tilt wheel, « » x o o 
.............. JUST *26 8 8 

74 GRAND SAFARI fully stereo, 
SeOQQ power seots, cruise control, tilt wheel, power door , » a a a 
J A O O locks, luggogt rock, excellent condition ............ JUST 2VOO 

‘ 5 1 8 8 
'74 ' « p a i a 
‘ 2 3 8 8 

7 4 D O O G E J T o o i X f t S l i " " : . * 
‘ 2 4 8 8 f t X uF > n Convertible, rodio, hooter, 4 speed, 34,ooo 
7 4 Iv Iv O miles. 
............. JUST 318 8 

7 3 IM P A L A 46^'mrtos. 
* * ! ! ? ! WST » 2 2 8 8 

7 3 C A M A R O 
» 2 78 8 

7 3 B U IC K showTMm condition... f , , . . f .. JUST » 2 1 8 8 

7 3 M U S T A N G conditi^.**! .*.*,*!!*.? ... JUST » 2 5 8 8 

» 77 A l AC tW®"' Duiser Wegon, fully looded, power « - 
» « ä 
/ 3 U L l/ J seots, power door locks, tilt wheel .. JUST 
• 7 OO rod», heolei, » t conétwned, 4 speed, | . 
IT G F B n n i mom, neoiei, mi conwiioi 
7 3 CAPRI school special, 33,ooo mites 

7 3 T H U N D E R B IR O Ü 

1 9 8 8 

 miles. 
J UST » 3 3 8 8 

73 B O N N E V IL L E excellent rondlion, o bargain $ w f a a ot................... 
* 1 > o o 

« 77 r i l T I ACC 
2 *)or hardtop, fully 
/ 3 C U I IA # J looded, sharpest in city, low t n a a a miles...................................... 
JUST * 2 8 8 8 

...JUST » 2 1 8 8 m con 
7 2 G R A N D P R IX 
. 

‘ 72 V O I V O dittoed 
JUST » 2 5 8 8 

1 7 # 
Sitrto '/i ton Pkkop. rod», heeter, power 
7o blv IC steering, power brakes, foetory oir, roil bor, < A<« aa 
AM/FM 3So V I. 24,ooo mites. 
........... 
JUST *37 8 8 
Super PKkup, 14 ton, fully looded, 
7 4 CHETENNt am stereo with tope, comper shell, 

 extra gas tank 
......... 
JUST » 2 5 8 8 

‘ 71 C A T A tlN A « 
* i i ’ : . . a . . “ 
1 i ‘ l o 8 8 

■71 E l D O R A D O ¡¿ ''".“ ” ‘ .'"...‘ ".’ .” . . ^ . ‘ 2 1 8 8 

71 C A T A U N A loaded, excellent condition!. A 
» 1 3 8 8 

7o M A V E R IC K 
‘ 1 o 8 8 

• 7 o C A D IU A C dows ond seoH, hit wheel, telescopic steering, cruise « « F a a control, $4.ooom des..... ........... 
MliT *15 8 8 

■ 73 R IV IE R A S i “ !'.'':;” :!" ! ' ...............x n i ‘ 2 78 8 
J ET BOAT 

| ‘ 74 A 
V 
E 
N 
G 
E 
R 
^ t l Ä r “ 
Quoges, SOOhp, over the tronsmounl ex houst, custom drive on troiier, list new 
$IO,SOO. 
. 
NOW * 4 9 9 5 

SPECIAI. bool, 
1 76 G L A S T R O N M id , 3$l cubic inch inboard outboard, golvonued tandem wheel trailer, 9 hours, list new for $11,1oo. Em nxKulotf 
» 74 9 5 
TINDALL and SON PONTIAOGMC 
39oo SAN PEDRO • OPEN EVENINGS FOR YOUR CONVENIENCE • 736-1565 

'67 C hew Im polo. $65o. F or de- toits coll. 922-8o75. 
7G Gad Sed Daville 
L ike new, W orrooty, TA8 o197 

‘69 C he w Im ooto Auto., 4-dr., 
54oo Colt 828-6667 after 5 

•71 C onv e rtible , re d , new top, perfect $72oo. 341-2811 735-7683 
74 C oupe Oe v iiV e , p ra c a ll options, excellent cond. 69C-8o25 

•74 C H E V Y Im palo 4-door, au­ tom atic, pow er, factory oir, extro c le an, $1895. 9o% fin a n c in g avoiloble 
224-441o 

734 CHEVROLET 

•7o E l C om ino, outom otic , a ir. 
$95o Ask M anuel 341-9433 

K w M mi 

73 4 'CHEVROLET 
;734>C« V1ö !lfT 

76 IMPALA 

‘ 72 M O N T S C A R L O , l o w ne r,! 
$1495 735-2596 
I 

•75 CHEVY IM P A L A 4-door, take 
I up povments, coll 924-6671 
73 COUPE DE V IL L E L ooks and runs like newt 
691-1444 
Eves 
69o 1714 
O.J, DUNL AP MOTORS 
917 Broadwoy 
227 2o73 
Cod-Olds-L incoln Ctr. 

1976 Coditloc Sedon OeViHe. E x­ cellent condition. M ust sell. Coll anytim e, 7 3 6 - 6 I J 3 
________ 

69 C ad illac , new ste e l be lle d rodiot tires. 57oo. 657-1o56 

Cadillac '73 Sedon Oe Vtlle, 4 door hord top, fully pow er, air good condition 
67,ooo m iles, 
S3395. 
492-94o5 

76 EL DO C O N V E R T IB L E Red white, prim e 517,9oo 655-/264. 
'73 El D orado C onvertible, Coo­ per White. beauhtul, looded, S62oo or moke otter. 826-1443 

'73 CHEVY Im pala, great cond i­ tion 
$1295. trode, 
342 2o93; 
344-o845 

FOR W OMEN O N L Y ! 
N E E D 
A 
C A R ? 
L I7A IT E o 
C R E D IT ? ? 
NO 
DO W N 
P A Y M E N T ? C oll 
225-79o9 or 
222-8611 ext 279 Ask For Herb 

 no m oney needed. L ow te rm s 
Colt: H erb, 225 79o9 or 533 7978 

1976 MONTE CARL O 
L oaded, call 655 7874 

75 Monte C orlo. Cleon on d load ed, $3595, 653-56o7, 681-3238. 

C H E V Y M o llbu, '74. w ogon. 9 puss, oir, power steering brakes, towing packog e 6oir shocks , ex­ tra Cleon. 69o-9o12 

77 GOL P CHEVY M olibu. going overseas, sell for balance or take up povments. 732-369o;653 9732 

'69 Im palo. V I, pow er steering,, o ir, outo, good tire s , runs re al good 342-2589 

# 71 1 7 

■73 Chevy M ollbu 4-door, v 8, auto oir SI695 433-3644, 432-266« 

H A V E A JO B ? Som e c re d it? 
There's o way I con sell you a c a rl! 
Coll. 
Steve 
Broom all, 
222 8611 

'74 El Dorado, im m aculate, show room c o n d itio n , c a bro le t lop, 
14,ooo m ile s , lood e d . le a the r upholstery, coll 
342 2868 or 
824-6839. 

■71 C hew M ollbu. I owner, 3-dr., 
3o7., auto., air. New rodiols. 32,2oo act. mi. Im m aculate ! M ust see to believe! $3195. 337 8926 

'69 IM P A L A 57oo 
226-o391 

•76 C hew Monza 2-t-2. air excel­ lent. tutty looded, $335o 349-4923 i atl 5 

73 IM P A L A C us tom 3 dO or, pow er s te e ring , broke s. $1695. extra nice. 333-5167; 337-4966 

Power stoering, power brakes, luggage rock, remote mirrot, air, tin ted, gloss, steel betted wFuiewoli tires, This heov y comfortahle cor 
^ 
^ 
. 
IS on sate 
T r w X ■ • • 

* f»!LUS TAX riT L i AND UCtNSi. 

 fh tJ iS S lm m iS S U M i I 

'72 K ing s w ood E s tote k ta lio n ; 
Wogon. New engine, new tire s ,; 
AM -FM , oil power. $1ooo or best: o tte r. See Jock M itc he ll C ar-' 
L ond 923-77o7 

‘ 74 
M O N T E 
C A R L O , iullV equipped, inc lud ing pow er, o ir, extra clean $1495 9o*« Flnoncing ovaiiable 234-441o 

‘75 Monza Town Coupe V8, power steering. 4 spd, $275o 684 6311. 

'71 MONTE CARL O, outom obili, oir, power $995. ttnoncing availa­ ble. 224 441o 

68 NOMAD 
STATION WAGON 
$691. COL D A IR , A U T O M A T IC . 
NEW L ICENSE 828-6959 

'69 El Dorodo, » 75o or best otter. 
658-o547 

'75 Coditloc Sedan de Ville, fully euuiD oed. lo m ile ag e . P e rte c t. 
5695o Call 681 1925 
____ 
■76 Cadillac Seville. P e rfe ct' All e x tra s 
B e ioe bronz e 
L ow mileoge. S935o. 492-9138. 

72 
C A D IL L A C 
S E D A N 
D E V IL L E . D R E A M CAR 
HAS 
E V E R Y TH IN G . PAY OFF S1763 
OWNER EQ U ITY F R E E 828-6959 
'74 Cad Sedon DeVille 34,ooo mi. e xte ll 5495o 656 o996 olt 5 

RiATACADILUC 
117 L E XIN G TO N 
224 7221 

74 CHEVY Nova, silver. L oaded low m i. E x c e lle n t, c oil Jesse. 
1265o 349 6593 

'72 im palo 4-door E xcellent con dition! l-» w nei 
828-6355, After 
7 -696-o3o3. 

■72 Sedan DeviHe, 21,ooo m ile ,iiew rodinis, 
S42oo. 
876-o142 or 
822-o91« 

 i 65 C hew SS, all origino!, excel- lent cond, afte r 5 pm, 534-3123 
I '76 E l cJ mino7autom atic , o ir, 
, pow er s te e ring pow er brok e s , 
■ e xcellent c ond ition 54886 C oll 
Monuei 341-9433 

74 Im pala. 35o eng., power steer- ; ing-brofccs, Am -Fm stereo, excel! 
I cond. $285o 658 9o42. 
: 

'76 Mnhbu Clu>vic 3o5, oulo . oir,i 
1o.ooo m iles 545oo 923 1o26 

'73'Monte C orlo S, swivel bucket! seals, lope deck, regular gas, lus t. tuned, good condition S29oo. Must sell 342 4749. 

74 NoVAS219S 
Custom 
2-dr oir pow er v-8 
435-1641 

1974 
Im pala, fully eauioped 
$215o-674 7845 

SHOO SAN ^ORO 
73auB211 

75 MAÜBUCUSSÍo 
52695 red, 2dr hordtop 435 1641 
'72 M A L tB U Coupe, re al nice, 
51595 344 3729 

'71 M onte C orto, fully loaded 
Good CQiid 515oo cosh 34I-8347 
M O N TE C A R L O 1971, looderfi 
51285 Very cleoni 435-1641 

1973 NOVA 
ECONOMY 6 STAN D AR D . A IR , 
HA TC H BA C K. PAY O FF 51762, 
OWNER EQUITY FR E E « 28 6959 

'7 3 M ollbu, 2 door, v t. outo, power i steering, brakes 44,ooo m i AM. ), owner $22oo 822 3987 

72 M onte C orto 
P ow e r, o tr, 
Cruise, A M -FM stereo lope. A-l 
I lie s . E x c e lle n I cond . c le on 
W ife's cor. 126oo 655-138« 
'74 TWohte Corto, oir, power, auto. 
AM 
S -tro c k , lik e ne w , low mtleoge, $34oo. 655 8998 after 4 

Im palo ‘75. L ow m ileoge, e xtro clean. $2995 828-117o otte r 6 

 r-lACl lUUH WANt AU 
IN mt (XPRfSS Nl WS 
CAU 225 )« 66 

 iMl NuMStR to CAll 
IS 225 )666 tXPHtSS AND NÍVWS 

1974 Monte Corlo. F ully lood e d '! 
826 9565, 69$ 8o56 
75 MONTE CABLO assum e balanc e . C o ll. H e rb, 
225-79o9 or 533 7*78 

'64 NOVA, l-ow ner, perfect condi­ tion coll 923-2734 
74 Novo Toke over paym ents 
Coll 927 7755 otte r 4. 
1974 NOVA 
6 1 742 36o1 
V 8 . loaded! 
AHer 

‘ 73 Novo. 35o. V8, 53,ooo «HL A ir, 
AM FM stereo 533-o755 oHer 5 

‘76 Monte Carlo L ondou. A M -F M i stereo. $4995. Coil: 681 7666. 
I 

'73 M onte C o rlo L ond ou exc. cond fully loaded, by owner, 
342-741o 

SOUPED UP '64 C he w M alibu. 
$45o 927-6881 
Toke over paym ents, no eavily 73 
NOVA 
Call: 
824 76o6 aHer 
7 
494 5734 

-ii: ■■ . ^ 

*m s m 

Pc 
* -F 
Son Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— Saturday May 28 19 7 7 

1 

« 
■ 
« 
H l 
738 M3 WITMMIIIB 
W 7 4 H W W W B 
W W H B W M B 
7 3 8 7 < 3 » H M M B 

1 

Ì 
North Star Dodge 

THE C O M PA R IS O N DEALER 

 l(i 

F 
o< 
Di to ' of 
Ri 
CI 
M 
$o 
Fi 
J( 
o» e r 

Dip lo mo * 4 th e * 
We urge you to compare the Olds Cutlass Supreme 4- door to the Diplomat 4-door. Dodge...The Comparison car, 

O S a la m a l AJBa a e 

T H E E N G IN E Standard engine 3lS 2 V-8 with Electronic 
Lean Burn System 
Standard engine is 231 2 V-6. A 26 o V-8 engine is av ailable at $8 o oo extra 

B U M P E R P R O T E C T IO N Standard dual front bumper rub strips. Standard rear bumper guards 
A single front bumper rub strip is standard Rear bumper guard not av ailable. 

T H E T R A N S M IS S IO N Standard automatic transmission 
Manual transmission standard Automatic transmission costs 
$28 2 oo extra 

GAUGES & ODOMETER Standord alternator and temperature GAUGES Standard trip odometer 
Temperature gauge is part of a $37 oo pack age Trip odome­ ter is optional for $11. 

T H E R O O F Standard full padded v inyl roof 

IN T E R IO R L IG H T IN G Standard ashtray light 

W H E E L C O V E R IN G Standard deluxe wheel cov ers 

S E A T BELTS Standard color-k eyed seat belts 

T A P E S T R IP IN G Standard lower deck tape stripe. 

Full v inyl roof costs $ 111 oo extra It has no padding 

Ashtray light is part of a $34 oo pack age 

Deluxe wheel cov ers cost $34 oo extra 

Color-k eyed seat belts cost $16 oo extra. 

Lower deck tape stripe not av ailable 
North Star Dodge 

7 2 4 2 S an P e d ro 
3 4 1 -2 2 5 1 

O P E N W E E K D A Y S U N T IL 9 P .M . 

BEAUTIFUL NEW 
’7 7 GRAND PRIX 
O ffer Expires M ay 3 1 , 1 9 7 7 

• Tinted Gloss 
• 3o1 V 8 Engine 
• Automatic, 
Transmission 
• Factory Air Con­ ditioning 
• Rally W heels 
• A M FM Stereo 
• Cu sto m Be lts 

• Body Side Mould­ ings 
• Sport Mirrors 
• Power Steering 
• Power Disc Bra­ k es 
• W h itew all 
Steel 
Belted 
Radial 
Tires 
• Tilt W heel 

GRAND PRIX 

35 To Choose 

From—-AH Colors* 5 8 9 5 

TOTAL DELIVERED 
PRICE PIUS TAX. 
TITLE ÍNo LICENSE 

★SUPiRIORtPONTIAC* 

7 11 BROADWAY 
227 -5 o4 1 

H E R T Z 
QUALITY USED CARS 

FROM OUR RENTAL FLEET 

7 6 ITOs 
4 do o r 
$4 29 5 

'7 6 CHEVETTES 

7 6 CAMAROS 
2-do o r 

"7 6 IMPALAS 
Statio n Wago ns 

” 7 6 MONTE CARLOS 

" 7 6 MONARCHS 
4 -do o r........... 

$28 9 5 

$4 14 5 

$45 9 5 

$429 5 

$38 4 5 

" 7 6 NOVAs 
4-door 
$339 5 

12 mo nth/12,ooo mi)» fwhkh e ve r octurs first), powe r train warranty Ask fo r de tails (all: 

8 3 6- 9 665 
HKRTZ U K VICK C IN T U I 

8 4 4 
4 1 3 3 1 S o - 
WertlAnmmM dr, 

THERE IS NO SHORTAGE 
OF CLEAN ONE OWNER 
NEW CAR TRADE INS 
Budget 

& 
H A R D T O P S 

4 tk i s o PONTIAC U Mans Sport Coupe , auto matic, , n . n . 
73 radio , ho o te r, air. ................... 
2 4 9 5 

R P 
«m n o1o$ Cutlass Supre ma, auto matic, ro dio , . . . . . 
AM 
73 he ate r, air ........................................................ 2 4 9 5 

^ 
FORD LTD, auto matic, radio . He ate r, 
W 
73 air ................................. 
. . . . . 2 1 9 5 

 t j j BUICK U Sabre , auto matic, radio . He ate r, ^ 
| 

X P 
, _ A CADILLAC Se dan De Ville , auto matic, radio , t n n c t r f t 
72 he ate r, air, lo w mile age .................... 
2 3 9 5 

S E D A N S 

W 
MFRCURT Margins, auto matic, radio , he ate r, . . . . . 
H 
7 5 air, like ne w ................................. 
3 3 9 5 

 a 
< *» a FORD Gaiaxie $oo, autamo tic, radio , he ate r, 
W 
74 air ... 
....................... 
. . . . . 2 2 9 5 

4 4 
DOOGI Mo naco 4 do o r se dan, auto matic, . . . . . 
X 
75 radio , he ate r, air 
...............................................* 2 9 9 5 

X 
, T . BUKK limite d, au tamalk, radio , all po we r . . . . . 
4 4 
72 and air. 
.................. 
2 1 9 5 

CMIVROin impala 4-daar, auto matic, ro dio , < • . . . 
72 he ate r, air, ro o t cle an .........................................1 4 9 5 

# f ’ LARGS SELECTION Off ’ '"’ j 

4 4 
: ’ 6 6 T H R U * 7 6 D U S T E R S & D A R T S ; 
X l 
WITH MANY Co1oRS 4 OPTIONS TO CHOOSi FROM 
; gP i 
•••6666« 8 66# 9 666666666666666666666666« P a 

• 
C O M P A C T S 

O 
1 1 1 OODGI 
Cho ile nge r, auto matic, r adi o , . . - , . - a 
71 he ate r, o k . , . ............................ 
* 1 79 5 

! —# CHIVROtFT 
Che ve tte , auto matic, bucke t 
4 4 
7q se ats, like ne w ................ 
2 3 9 5 
# 
! • < DODGf 
Coh, auto matic, radio , s i A A r 
71 h e ale r... ...........................................................* 1 o 9 5 

W 
OPFl Raiie y Coupe 4 spe e d, 
S lA Q r 
4 4 
7 i radio ,(wate r ..................... 
( 4 9 5 

4 9 
* 68 1oVoIA' tvBie , ho o te r, 
} 
9 9 5 

S T A T I O N W A G O N S 

5 
CHIVROLFT Impale Statio n Wago n, auto - . . , a , 
4 4 
7 5 malic, radio , he ate r, air 
.................... 
4 3 9 5 

AM 
, . . FORO Gran Tarine Statio n Wago n, auto - 
™ 
74 matte , radio , he ate r, air 
....................... 
* 2 4 9 5 

4 9 
. DODGI Care nai Statio n Wage « , o u t o m o t k ,, A - 
4 4 
74 radio , he ate r, air 
..................... 
2 69 5 

'a i •* . CHEVROLET Statio n Wago n, auto matic, re die , . . . . . 
9 9 
74 he ate r, « r............................ 
* 2 9 9 5 

4 4 t a t CHEVROLET Kingswe ad, auto matic, r adio ,s iz A r 
71 he ate r, air, iik* ne w .................................... I © 9 5 j w 
/ 

O.R. Mitchell Chrysler/Plymouth 

R E N T/A /C A R 

 i l L r m s m n m v 8lu9 
*>lue kathe re tte 
7o G R A N U P R IX be nch se ct, AM FM ste re o. vinyl roof, pinstripe , mogs, 28,MO mile s. 
‘44oo 
. . . . . Burgundy «nth burgundy doth, powe r 
76 r A v C K ste e ring, bucke t se ots, luggage rock, white side «rail tire s, air conditione d. 
26,9oo mile s. 
>33oo 
'76 GRAND PRIX ST m? S A Ä 
White be nch se at with notch bock Mog whe e ls Only 
19,4oo mite s 
*4525 
'77 IT U 4 door. 11,ooo mile s, powe r windows, 
7 / L IU powe r door locks, powe r trunk re ie ose , 
AM 
FM ste re o, powe r 6o 4o. seots with re clining right side. De iuxe whe e l cove rs, podde d top, tilt whe e l, cruise control. A Be auty) Fire thorn with fire thorn cloth inte rior, fire thorn vinyl top like a ne w cor de mo! 
............................................... *68 oo 

 i « r r D C M i m m<lm' po*'*f s,e *r,n9. 
/ O U n t f T ilI N automatic, be nch se at, air con ditwne d, pin stripe , dark brown with brown le athe re tte , with ¡he gas soving 6 cylinde r, 3o,6oo mile s 
................................................................ *2795 
“ BANK FINANCING N O W AVAILABLE” 

TAI 
P A Y M E N T S 
AND ASSUME BALANCE 
27 o the r cars to rhdose fro m. 
Most have air and powe r 

Partial list 
76 Cougar XR 7 

72 Buttk Wago n. 

74 Che v Impo la 

I 76 Fire bird Espiri» 

 i 75 Novo 

74 Gran Prix 

63 Me rcury 

! 63 Oatsun 

I 67 Oatsun 

 j 73 Cotalma 

7o Mustang 

73 Olds 98 
C all 
RICK CARTER 
2 2 2 -1 68 5 
2 2 2 -8 61 1 
1o25 SAN PEDRO 

Ba! 
S4982 
$1862 
$1487 
$4964 
$1981, 
52992. 
$ 194. 
S 244 
$ 472 
$1273 
$ 997 
$1396 

738 ! 

BUDGET RENT A CAR FLEET SALES 

3 3 8 N . I . L O O P 4 1 o S A N A N T O N IO , T E X A S 

SIE; H IN R Y TIJERINA OR DON HAM 
3 4 9 -4 4 » ' 

^ 
K b b 
ì d e 
NEW CAR TRADE INS 

7 4 PONTIAC 
75 pinto 
„ r r , 
* 
*2675 tmmt Ms, 4M- hut« *» , 
... ‘438 8 
73 MUSTANG 5 Ä 
‘3288 

7 6 PLYMOUTH tSm‘468 5 
76 COUGAR XR-7 “ JJ5 

76 * S * m CARL O 

7 3 f f i T 
o r S f t M 9 M 

74 AMC HORNET 
.WMMtk. «ir. Jije #‘19 88 
74 MONTEGO MX » *-■ 

Ä 
Ä 
S r * 2 8 9 5 

7 2 MUSTANG S T ^ t 

7$ GRAN TORINO *¡¿- mW p mwmw é Mr « « 3$W 
NORTH CENTRAL FORD 
9 8 oo Son Podro , 341-557 1 Ixf, 3o3 
B iim iiB iaiiH iw iiiiB 

735 - oMVSLER 
735 CHRYSLER 

74 Dart Swinge r, 4 e vi. g o o d flat, e xce lle nt e o nd. le ade d R e tail 
1776o. wilt take $149». 494-4333 
74 DOOGE ASPEN, no e au ity, co ll Jo hnny, 441 1171 
7o Oodue m aling e r RT, 183, V-8. 
' 
11o« aute . 8*95, 344 3»_______________ 
7o Onda*- cnmiano e r Trans Am, 
34o 4 po ck, au to matic transm is­ sio n cu sto me d painte d. 82891, 
922-7279 be twe e n 12 and 8am 
49 Do dge Charge r, io o dud, mags, inte rio r immacu late , transfe rring o ut, re aso nable o ffe r 317 18o2 

1972 DODGE CORONET 
4-do e r Se dan, au to matic, air, e x­ tra nice ! I 
............... 
*1789 
HEMPHIL L . MCCOMBS 
FORD SOUTHSIOE t9oi SW M ilitary 922 4317 
7o Do dge Dart Swinge r, auto ma- tit, air, po we r, cle an 494 *421 
’45 Do dge Mo naco . V8, o uto ., air, po we r, e xce lle nt *495 418 3424 
DODGE, 48 Ne e ds bo dy, glass wo rk *4oo 694-3424 anytime 
73 Do dge Palare Exce lle nt can 
ü itio n. »141o Co ll: 441-491o 
DODGE 197o. W ife ’ s S tatio n. wago n. 318, V8, au to 
*85o. 474-o418 

S « K 

“ T H f D IA L F R TH A T tSLLS IT O K I IT IS " 
2 8 o o B ro ad w ay 
8 2 2 - 3 3 4 1 

OPEN EVENINGS 

(A C R O S S F R O M B R A C K F N R ID G i P A R R ) 

; 7 3 4 -CHEVROLET 

CHRYSL^ 
DODGE and GMC PICKUPS 
823 N« . Main Bae rne 249-3144 
DIRECT L INE. 224 M l* 
1974 Chrysle r Co rdo ba 
*497*-1974 Plymo u th Gran Fu ry 
Custo m 4-do o r Se dan. *197*. L e w miie o e e , Ne w car warranty 
4114983 

; ’71 Co rdo ba L o w mile age , e xce l t le nt e o nd *4195 o r make o tte r 
UTHS 1 413-o294 e ve nings 
‘71 CORDOBA,' lo w m ile age 
Cle o n, and lo ade d Ne w Braunfe ls 
(1)429 1378 

72 Po tara. Im m acu late . 
Schaal-Graduatte n co r. 
344-2111 
RARE ‘48 DOOGE SUPER BEE, 
With e xtras 114oo. < a« :)37->148 

JACK REIOER 
CHRYSL ER PLYM OUTH 
181o SAN PEORO 
732-8211 

73? * FORO 

'71 C h ry s le r C o rdo ba e qu ippe d One o wne r 

734 » SÖLfT 
Tqke O ve r P aym e nts o n 
NiHIVA No Eau ity 222-o984, De n- 
’ His, nite * 414-4371 
* V o x# O ve r P aym e nts o n -7S 
‘ CAMARO No E gu ity 222 o984 
De nnis, nite s 416 432) 

Ve ge , ‘71 tmmo cu tate co nditio n, ro dio , gif, 14 .pu mi 344-1849 
»1 VEGA LX co u pe , au te . air 
22,ooo mi SI291 
1111 BROADWAY 
223 1549 
72 Ve ga GT Hatctibo ck. 4 spd 
'ne w tire s and bo tte ry Fo ctary 
Air 413-4649 affe r Spm v tO A Mo frhbacii Î974, o » to a ^T' e co no my, 
*1o9o 
WíM finance 
431-144) 

•72 VEGA, radio , he ate r *495 financing avo ilqble 224-441o 
___ 
‘73 Ve wo statio n wago n. Auto fac­ to ry air, *1o91 432-2444, 432-244o in fN) ix e e iis N (w i 
CALL 231-1666 

 m ile age L ike ne w. trade 923 2883 

F u lly i 
Ve ry lo w ! 
*4491 W ill i 
7 8 -RBtt 
BANK REPOSSESSIONS 
AVAIL ABL E 

'1 3 C hrysle r Ne wpo rt. 
FM, radiais, *131o Co il 
A ir. AM- 
41148)3 
‘76 C hrysle r N e w po rt V -t, au ­ to matic, po we r, facto ry air, e xtra cle an) *99} Will trade 973-7883 
'72 C h ry s le r 9 po s t W ago n 
Be au tifu l e o nd, a#*» o ffe r 
418-4884. 
CHRYSL ER PL YMOUTH CITY 

‘73 CHAL L ENGER, all acce ss. ¡ 
Ne w Nre s 18 MPG, immacu late . 
TAKE TRADE 224-4914_______ | 
•76 Charge r JÏ3 magnu m 2-dr i hardto p Po we r, air, au to , vinyl 1 to p S9So 498-1131; 229-12oo 
•'49 iC tlo rge r,"'383,"l4 $pd, "sVio I 
Mo gs. 494 1984 349-9221 

816 COUNTRY FORO 
Se n Anto nio 
Call: 227 o84o 

7 7 IMPALA COUPI 

Tinte d glo ss, ro o f drip mo u ldings, bo dy side mo u ldings, 4 /Se aso n air, do o r e dge gu ards, bu mpe r gu ards, windshie ld ante nna. 

‘74 Mo naco Bro u gham 44,ooo mi., | t o wne r. Ne ve r wracke d. Cruise , po w e r, e le c w indo w s, lo cks, 1 se ats Split fro nt se ats, bro cade I u pho lste ry, AM-FM ste re o , re ar I de fro ste r. 
Ste e l rgdials. *34oo, || 
» » -84o3. 

Take up payme nts with au aUfie dfl cre dit. Applicatio ns acce pte d bv jl pho ne No applicatio n re fu se d f 
MR 
EARL 
127 1413(1 

SALE PRICE: 

# 117 18 , # 1o66o, # o1262 

*7 7 VEGA 
2 Door Sport Coupe 

Tinte d glass, 4 spe e d transmissio n, white stripe , windshie ld ante nna. 

# o2o34, # o17 o6, # o2243 

S AL E PRICE 

$3 
3 
6 
9 
5 4 

SALE ENDS 
MAY 31st 

# o2oo9 , # o17 37 

’7 7 MONTE CARLO 

2 D o o r C o u p e 

Tmte d glass, bo dy side mo u ldings, windshie ld ante nna cru ise , do o r e dge gu ards, 4 /Se aso n Air, ste e l be lte d radial tire s. 

SALE 
P 
31 

A N 
C 
I R 
A W 
I N 
T O 
N 

' 
BUY □ RENT □ LEASE 
N. FLORES AT MARTIN 2 2 5 -5 3 3 3 

A s a sp e c ia l s a le th is w e e k e n d w e a r e o ffe r in g , o u r c a rs in sto c k w ith in the g u id e lin e s o f a ll fin a n c ia l in stitu tio n s 
( c re d it u n io n s, b a n k s , fin a n c in g c o m p a n ie s ) a t J ack R ie g e r 
C h r y s le r - P ly m o u th . 
T h e re is n o t a d o c u m e n t a r y fe e c h a r g e , o r d e a le r m a k e r e a d y , or p r e p a r a t io n c h a r g e . W e in v ite y o u to c o m e b y a fte r s h o p p in g all. the o th e r d e a le r s a n d g e t o u r to ta l d r iv e o u t fig u re . 

A A d r iv e o u t p rice is y o u r to ta l in v e s tm e n t in c lu d in g t a x , title a n d lic e n se . * 

T h e H o v ^ L 

JACK RIEGER 
CHRYSLER-PLYMOUTH 
7 3 2 - 8 2 1 1 
* 58oo SAN PEDRO 

M E M O R IA L 
W E E iC -E N D 
★ S P E C IA L S * 

11974 Fo rd Elite , air, po we r, cle an, 
1*3,21o 453 413o e ve *. 
74 FORD E L IT E , take o ve r 
Ipo yme nH, call 9264*71 

AT THESE PRE-OWNED SHARP 
NEW CAR TRADE-INS 

 i « a n / t r w * r CbtO"»* Cutlom 4 door, powe r and 
/ * P U D U C air, trim« control, has be e n give n the be lt of tore by kxol lody ................... . 

7 2 o1DS and lowm!!** 
............ 

7 3 HORNET 

*249 5 

*239 5 

Î249 5 
7 3 MUSTANG Ï Â 
Â 
. ^ 
‘349 5 

7 4 HORNET SÄ STT.! 
7 5 HoRNÉÎ 
*'®9°p- p°**r on^ °'f' a re al sharp, low miltage wagon 
Grand Prix, powe r and w, ft is the sharpe st one in town., 
7 3 PONTIAC 
*'* po**r °n^ oI,’ 

‘29 9 5 
‘339 5 
‘349 5 
• T O U A T A D A B 4do o r, powe r and on, cruise 
/ a Ivi A I A u U K tontrol, tUt whe e l, a re al 

‘S* Ford, e xce lle nt me chanical 
Ico nd, e xce lle nt appe arance , no 
Iru it, co lle cto rs 
Ite m. 
*471. 
1451 o378 
1*7o Fo rd Fairtane , 4 cylinde r, 
I standard, air, radio , ne w tire s, 
I ve ry go o d co nditio n. 
*71o. 
1922 8488 
| ‘49 Fo rd Fairtane , One Owne r 
¡Car, Exce lle nt Co nditio n. Ne wly 
■Ove rhaule d transmissio n. Still In 
■Warranty, 362 e ngine , ve ry go o d 
(gas Mite o ge , *981. Call Mo nday 
1923-7179. 
| ‘69 Fo rd Galaxie Statio n Wago n 
1448-3o31 
‘4$ Fo rd Galaxie . Go o d transpo r­ tatio n) 2937 Ro o se ve lt 
49 F o rd G alaxy 5oo 
Ro we r 
[ ste e r , o uto , « -dr. »11o. 344 2o8o 
[ ‘74 Fo rd Gran To rino Sau ire Sta­ tio n Wago n, Re d, au to matic, air, 
[cru ise co ntro l, o m-fm ste re o , iug- le age rack, 3 se ate r re ar facing, 
I lo w mile age , like ne w, $14oo by o ppt 481 298o 
‘73 Fo rd Gran To rino 351 V8, au to ., vinyl to p, go o d shape . *2291. 
1494-184o. 
*74 Fo rd L TD Air, po we r, AM EM S ste re o , vinyl fo p 23,ooo m ile s, I 
I e xce lle nt e o nd. L e aving to wn, i mus» se lli Price d at o nly *345o ! 
1414-1474 afte r 4. 

CLEAN USED CARS 

) y i f i n g i 2-doot, 23oo tt, hokhbock, toppe r, ( n n n /s 
/ 6 l A r K l radio, stondcrd, low mile s 

¿ » T v 
’ 79 © A B IY IA r tuxuty Le mons, 2 door, white , 
/ J r U H I l A V re d top. rodio, automotk, powe r ste e ting, powe r brake s, air 
* J 7W t e r I m r n i M tootin*n»ol 2 door, light blue 
/ J IIIB V W in v»th white vinyl top, loode d all $t /) n o powe r and air, white le athe r inte rior, I owne r 
O t “ U 
*7 9 C A R D ■°"no« Hue with blue vinyl top, 
/ <) rw ls W rodio> automatic transmission, powe r ste e ring, brake s, air conditione d, bucke t j« se ots, console........................................... 
1 w Y U 
'7C D ill/ * I f Bivie ra, white with white London 
/ J D U Iv A top, 
AH-FH radio, automatic transmission, powe r ste e ting, brake s, air con- 
. . . ftA dtHone d, loode d....................- ................... 
5 1 9 o 
»7 i. A | ISC Se ge ncy 98 2 door, cre am with be ige 
. n n 
/ 6 W lD S vinyl top, loode d, oU powe r and ait — 
6 I T v l i e n i n e M 4-door, ye llow, radio, automatic 
/ J v l U i transmission, powe r ste e ring, brake s, oir conditione d, low mile age....................... ra T V 5 
75 CONTINENTAL Sf A 52.93 top, loode d, oil powe r and oir ---- -- 
75 V U 
*7 9 M F D f llR V MnrQuh, white with brown 
/ © IT lS n V v n I vlny| top, radio, automotic transmission, powe r ste e ring, brake s, oir coo- ditione d..................................... 
* Z 5 Y U 

1 1 JL liA J f A | M Contine ntol 2 door, cre am with 
/ © l i n i , w l l T cre am Landou vinyl top, loade d, $v r » y * oil powe r and au ....................................... 
/ 37W 
’ 75 CMPVY **ovo * ^oor‘ ^ue‘ ra^°‘ ston(*or^ 
/ J V n iV I transmission, powe r brake s, low $A |A f | mile age....................................... 
71 Y U l i e ■ ir n / 1 ID V Grawf Harguts, 2 doe r white , 
/ D f f lt K l. U K T white vinyl top, white j x o aa le athe r inte riot, loode d, oil powe r grid o« ....... 
*? o Y U i lC rA B lT IB IC k lT A l Mark IV, re d moon 
/ O V , U n l l N ( N I A l dm) wrth gray vinyl tap, re d le athe r inte rior, loade d, al! powe r and 

’75 MERCURY tfMm- «««u 
' Vinyl top, rod», automotic. . . . powe r ste e ring, powe r brake s, air............. 4 4 5 o 

 l i e D | | | f | / Limite d 4 door, se dan, gre e n with 
D U IV IV white vinyl top, loade d, all powe r j 6 aq a ond oir...................................................... 
YYYU 
1 1 A M E R C U R Y hlorguis 4 door se don. tnppe r, t i m c f t i u n I radio, outomatit transmission, , . . A A powe r ste e ring, brake s, V8 ....................... 
Z Y Y U 
74 CAPRI 2ooo, coppe r, rad», standard, oir. 
*225o 

‘ 
9 2o7 SAN PiDRO 
M 
3 R T H P A R K phoni*. 
341-8841 
L I N C O L N - M E R C U R Y 

‘71 Fo rd L TD, brake » , and bat 
Ite ry ne w Po we r, air, 28,o6o o n e ngine , drive s like ne w. *119*.) 
532-7494 sharp cat 
7 4 MG MIDGET 
7 6 CHEVROLET re o! shorpjow mile age , 1- owne i co r............................................. 

Conve rtible , this is a re td c o r 
. 
Comoro, powe r e nd oir, o 

1972 Fo rd L TD 2-do o r. 4o,ooo, 
I mile « 344-33oo, 342 4481 
['74 FORD L TD , 4-do o r, po we r ' 
I ste e ring, brake s, air, au to . W ilt: finance , call Bubba 349 *593 

* 1 1 t A B B Thunde rWrd, powe r ond sir, this cor ¡s 
/ 7 rQ IC D ve ry low mile age ond I 
I hoi be e n give n the be st of care , showroom fre sh 
.................... 
7 4 JAVELIN 

I 74 FORD L TD, e xce lle nt e o ndi- tio n, mu st se ll *21oo. 454-4273 
•72 
FORD 
L T D , 
L O A D E D , 
2-DOOR. EXTRA CL EAN *18oo. 
FIRM, 734-4787 

7 5 FORD « ta™ ¿SunifnïKffS >438o 

★OPEN AU DAY MEMORIAL DAY1W 
H D ALAMO AMC 
T i l l SAN PEDRO AVE. 
2 2 7 - 7 5 1 1 

.Fo rd L TD 72. Po we r u tr, cle an. 
Exce lle nt e o nd, t w o 498 2344 
73 FORD L TD SW - 3 se at L o ad e d. 215o. Call Te rry 734-4424. 
‘49 Fo rd L TD wago n 1o passe nge r wago n v -8 , auto air, *891 432-2444, 
432 244o 
' 

1972 Ford Ranger XL! picku p. A u to m atic, air, po we r 
Ste e ring, brake s 
............ *2489 
HEMPHIL L MCCOMBS 
FORD SOUTHSIDE 
19o1 SW M ilitary 922-4117 i *49 Fo rd To rino GT, au to , air, VI, i radio , radiais, cu sto m whe e ls, bo dy and infe rio r in e xce lle nt 
I e o nd. *85o 734-44o4 o r 484-5o43. 
I ‘49 FORD To rino , 351 V I, au to , lair $7oo 333 8943 

7 7 VOYAGER WINDOW VAN 

# 71o1 

5 passe nge r cu sto m package , 
This co r (tit fo r au to matic, two to ne paint. 
*6 9 6 9 * 
ON SALE 

• PLUS TAX, TITLE AND LICENSE 

T k o Ü S Ä . 

J A C K R I E G I f t 
I 
C H N Y S lE k P L Y M O U T H f 

58oo SAN PEDRO 
7 3 U 2 I 1 

737 FORD 
FORD 

7ooo NW L OOP 4)o at Cu le bra 
«84 4416 
‘48 Chrysle r ' Statio n wago n, itlPl, will finance . 414-o94o 

71 Charge r, vinyl, I track, mo gs, po we r, sir, nice . *1,1o8 132*978o afte r J. 
*9 Charge r, 316 V-8, standard 
42,ooo mile s, o ír, 731-33o9 

Ä CONVERTIBLE 
*9 G alaxie , e xce lle nt ru nning co nditio n 
1)2oo 
894 2192 
Ke rrvMte 

■ Fo rd Vans far sale , 71, ‘72, cho ice 
11,ooo Co ll 433-1444 

’73 Co ro ne t, fu lly au to , *1,38o 
224-8247 o r 432 8482 
7 6 ELITE fu ll po we r Assu me balance Call 
He rb, 225 79o9, o r 133 7978 

•42 Falco n, cle an car, 4 dr 
Firm. 734-2328 
145o 
‘49 Fairtane Wago n Fu ll po we r. 
Be st afte r. Call 349 4488 

‘49 Fairlane 2-do o r, au to m atic, o ir, po we r ste e ring, e xtra cim n 
1991 Co» Manutri 341 9433 

'43 FAL CON. 14oo o r be st o tte r 
Cali 341-18o} afte r sprn 

'71 G alaxie ‘ 1oo* 2-do o r H T 
1-o wne r Cle an! 828-43» , Afte r 
7-494-o363 

717-1o8o 
737-1o8o 

74 GRANADA 4, « ilo , air, po we r 
*3271 222 1342 f i G rano da 

48 Fairlane 2 do o r, *71o o r be st o ffe r. 418 8 7o2. 

Fo rd; 74, cu sto m 18o, 4 do o r, air, ' auto *1759. «24 2793. 

‘44 G alax ie $oo 4 do o r. 
433-33oo, 433o Bue na Vista 
121o e co no mical. 
732 7344. 

4 
*32oo. c y l., v e ry 
344-7441 o r 

74 G re nada 4 dr, air, am -fr* i ste re o , assume balance 413-887! 
I o ft 4pm 

‘48 Fo rd Custo m $oo Go o d to ndi tlo n. $295 Call 448-4o98 

Gas Save r, 44 Fo rd, 2 dr. ve ry go o d co nditio n, sio o 479 78o7 

CAll 221-1666 

1974 Granada 2-do o r, v-8, bu cke t se ats, au to matic, air, po we r 
492-299) 
T n n T O 
---------------- 

77 GRANADA fu lly lo ade d) No o au ity. Co ll He rb 
221-79o9 o r 133-7978 

(XPStSl ANO NfWS 
IN tNI (XPkEll NtWS 
CAU 221-1666 

PUBLIC 
INVITATION NEEDED) 
CHEVROLET 

CHEVROLET 

73(1-743 AUTOMMIUS 
Son Antonio EXPRESS-NEW S— Saturday Moy 28 19 77 

77 VEGA 
77 VEGA 
77 MONZA “2 + 2 
’77 CHEVETTE 
2 -D O O R HATCHBACK 
Tinted glass, body side moldings, 1,6 Litre engine, turbo hydramatic transmission, wheel trim rings, whitewall tires, A M radio, bumper rub strips, heavy duty radiator, bucket seats. Stock #7 7 1 1 5 6 

2 -door hatchback, tinted glass, wheel open­ ing moldings, air conditioning, sport mirrors, power brakes, 
5,o litre engine, turbo hydramatic, power steering, radial white stripe tires, windshield antenna, bucket seats. #77o9 4 9 . 

2-door sport coupe, tinted glass, body side moldings, dura-built 
14o-2 engine, four speed manual transmission, wheel trim rings, white stripe tires, windshield antenna, heavy duty radiator, bucket seats. #77118 9 . 

2 -door hatchback coupe, tinted glass, body side moldings, air conditioning, dura-built 
14o engine, turbo hydramatic, wheel trim rings, white stripe tires, A M radio. 
#7712 44. 

>77 IM PALA 
4-DOOR SEDAN 
77 ' A TON FLEETSIDE 
77 N O V A 
Short wheel base, heavy duty rear springs, 
25o 6 cylinder, 3 speed transmission, heavy duty radiator, G78 -15 tires. 
Tinted glass, color keyed floor mots, ruof drip moldings, door edge guards, oir con­ ditioning, remote control mirror, 35 o V-8 engine, turbo hydramatic, radial white stripe tires, windshield antenna, value appearance group. #771o5 9 . 

2 -door coupe, tinted glass, body side moldings, 
2 5 o 
6 engine, three speed transmission, power steering, full wheel covers, white stripe tires, windshield an­ tenna. #7713 3 6. 

Automatic, white stripe tires, A M / F M radio rear step bumper, exterior decor package, 
M ikado custom interior. 
Stock #65 9 1 9 
Stock #775 661 

77 BLAZER 
'77 SUBURBAN 
'/2 TON SCOTTSDALE 
77 Vi TON FLEETSIDE 
77 EL CAMINO CLASSIC 
DEMONSTRATOR 
Tinted glass, locking differential, 3o5 V-8 engine, turbo hydramatic, skid plates, power steering, chrome front A rear bumpers. Much more. 
Stock #7 7 5 3 64 

A M / F M stereo, cassette, air conditioned, 3o5 
V8 , turbo hydramatic, tilt wheel, power steering, bodyside molding, steel belted radial tires, much more. 
Stock #7 7 5 3 8 4 

Trailering special equipment, front and rear air, 45 4 engine, turbo hydramatic, steel belt­ ed radiais, special 2 tone paint, much more. 
Stock #7 7 5 6 5 o 

CONVENIENTLY DOWNTOWN 
AUTOMOBILE SHOW ROOMS— 1221 BROADWAY 
ENCLOSED TRUCK MALL— 1121 BROADWAY 
223-4281 
OPEN UNTIL 9 P.M. 

DUE TO SMITH'S 
MATURE PRICING POLICY 
ALL PRICES INCLUDE 
DESTINATION CHARGE 
AND 
DEALER PREPARATION. 

-r -'f f - r - v . I i w w f !" pi pi p 
— n 

Pc 
P a g e 
S T 
San Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— Saturday Moy 28 1977 

1% 
AUTO TALK 

Continued from Pase i 
I t 

 events, hut fhriireal ltid\ 5(HMniU‘ cUissk' race tias been n'uul.iied (inun to the poiitt of a): -i>M (luahtync-f as an « vonoiny run 
Ttiv' crcu chid nuist keep caretul tra<‘k of fuel consumption dunmi the race lh> mmiil have the la^fest ear. but if it runs out of fuel speetf vould tu* of little \a!ue 
Good performance 

So what we \mI1 sei at this vear's race is it battle aktii to the one hemp waped m 
Detroit — liow to pet the n eeessary number <tf m iles per pallon and still have a pood perioi'minp ear. 
As With t h e s t ai i d ar n au t o m o b i l e , on e uay lit increase t h e miieaee is to reduee the w e i p h t . Sneva's car was devcbtpcd from Kuropeuii F» )rmnla One raeinp de- 

 s i p n s , as are .smerai ot her s. 
They v\ill be iie.ui to head with the ‘pold ole ho\’ I S \( selioni of design best e\* 
« •mplified by the ( oyote. W ildcat and 
.Inhnny Liplilninp cars. 
The team that can get the fastest speed 
Ml relation to ilu' mil(‘s per gallon should 
Atn this year’s race. Howexer. there is one faetor that cannot be ignored. Relia­ bility. 
Thi're are those xxho believe the vener­ able Offy gixt's a sharp edge to the car 

 that uses It, ÍH*cause it has been proxen 
(mu' and again. II the meehame does his loh right, and the engine is not abused, it will easily go the <listanee 
The F oyl/F ord engine has gone the distance many times and is a faxorib of many to take this year's race, especiaily 
(he Fovole drixen by A .1. hnnselí. 
Some indy oliserxers question the re­ liability of the Fosxxorth They think â po miles IS too far for the engine to go, that it 
XXill bloxx before the eheekered flag drops. 
Snexa xxil! make a run for it he may 
XXell have it all put together, he will cciiainly make the Indy one of the most eveitmg eeonomy runs ex er seen 
★ ★ ★ 

Properly tuned car saves owner money 

INTERIOR of Graham mobile home which features energy saving insulation package 
Plastic revolution 
Both the (iiMuiyear Tire f'o and Ford 
Motor C’o. predict tluoe xxill he twice as mueh plastic used in cars by the 19K!i model year. The rubber m anufacturer predicts four ol every 1o ears xxill wear 
" sott” front and rear ends that xxon't scratch or dt'iit by 198o. 
Ford says it xviil be consuming more than a billion pounds of plastic materials annually by 198o. 
I’hicf reason for the trend is the need to meet government mileage standards that euli for 271/2 m iles per gallon for <*ach inamifaeturiTs fleet average by 1985. 

SIfClAl TO THE EXPRfSS NEWS 
Keeping your car pronerlv lumul can saxc you money time and aggraxation. 
An improperly tuned ear is hard to start bucks, jolts and stalls out m the early .going and xixastes gas—up to one gallon m six. 
How do you knoxx when your car needs a tune-up? 
Here are five indicators. 
Miles drixen 
Car manufacturers list tune-up interxals in the owner’s manual. 
Each car is different. Some may not run effieienlly for as long a pt'riod as the manual states; some mav be efficient over a longer period. When you approach the interval suggested by the mamifueturer 
Energy saving pushed in m obile hom e 

Energy conservation is a m atter id concern for the buyer of a mobile home, as much as it is for the bnxer of any new home. 
And the mobile home industry is re-i sponding to that concern. 
P restige Mobile Hom es, 19H3 Austirit 
Hwy., is featuring energy efficient mobile homes. The energy package includes in­ creased insulation and storm windows. 
' 
I.anchart Industries uses the Ow'cus*. 
(Mirmng package in its Lancer and (ira- 

 ham m odeb, both built in Texas and sold by Prestige Mobile Homes 
The <-ost of providing the energy con­ servation packages ranges from $5o9 to 
$1,ooo per unit. This increase in price seem s to be accepted by buyers 
Changes in construction of the energy efficient hom es includes 2” x B” w all studs to allow for six inches of insulation in the walls and 13 inches below the roof for sufficient insulation there. 
These insulation ft*atures (xvhich exceed 

 federal standards) can result m energy sax trigs to the home owner of 51 to B4 per cent. 
Since there is very little that can be done to add insulation to older m obile homes, the buyer should know' before he buys just what he is getting in the way of insulation. 
Bob Sim pson, m anager of P restige 
M obile H om es, can explain how the 
Oxvens-Corning package will pay off year after year in savings for the owner. 

 for your car. be alert to the kind ol 
{M'l'formance you're getting. 
Ciiis mileage; It's a go« » d pruetiee to keep records on the miU's per gallon .xour ear delivers. When this begins lo decline, a tune-up is in order. 
Hard starting; If ,xou have (rouble starting your ear. the [intblem is likely to lie in the ignition sxstem . Be certain, hoxvever, that you are following tin* start­ ing procedures prescribed by the manu- faetliter before you conclude the car needs xxork. 
Hough idling: This is a sure sign (hut 
.xour car needs a tune-up. If the ear is not tuned It gi'nerally won’t operate smoothly xvhile idling. 
Acceleration: Lnxx eomfiression engines ind emissinti control devices make it impossible for a relatixely new ear to delixer instant response, but all ears can and should provide a smooth, iinmter- rupted eiimb during heavy acceleration. 
If your car doesn’t, it nei'ds a tuno-uj>. 
Apart from avoiding the inconvenience and annoyance of a car that xvon’l start or stalls repeatedly, the motorist xxho keeps his car tuned up saves money. 
It costs a typical motorist motorist $4o to $5o in wasted gas to drive 5,ooo m iles with a poorly tuned engine—which is the price of an average tune-up. 

AUTOiHOB»« PW>W*T 
AUTOMOTIV* DKW.AY 
. 

A SAN AMTONIO EXCLUSIVE 

 h B R E n 

Only at your 
San Antonio Buick Dealers! 

A limited edition at an affordable price. 

ACT 
NOW 
UMITED 
AVAILABIUTY 

Designed exclusively for the discriminating buyer who wants the exclusive look of an Electra Limited plus the fuel efficiency and affordable price of a full size LeSabre. Only a few are available 
Don’t m iss your chance to buy this exclusive model. 

 jMÂûâÉûiism 
AW 
AUIOMOnVi DMHAV 
— 
T- - 
CAVENDER 
OLDSM OBILE CO M PANY 
ANNOUNCES A 
SPECIAL SALE! 
1 9 7 7 OLDSMOBILE 
OMEGA 
2-DOOR 
COUPE 

AS OUR 
STOCK NO. 1576 

CHARLES ORSiNGER 
BÜICK 
SP ÍR E S-D O Ü G L A S 

BUICK 

4 5o o San Pp'*» -? 
5U i Broauway 

734-4221 
226-1361 

4725 
4-DOOR 
SEDAN 

AS OUR 
STOCK NO. 
18 18 
4795 
^ Equipped with the Following Options it 

• V6 ENGINE 
• AIR CONDITIO NING 
• POWER STEERING 
• POWER BRAKES 
• AUTOMATIC 

• A M RADIO 
• TINTED GLASS 
• BODY SIDE M O LDINGS 
• DELUXE WHEEL DISCS 
• WHITE SIDEWALL 
TRANSM ISSIO N 
TIRES 
CAVENDER OLDSMOBILE 
8o1 BRO ADW AY 
• 
226-7353 

‘X O N F ID B N C e IS C A V E N D iR " 

TOM BENSON USED CAR 
DEPARTMENTS RED TAG SALE 
Look For the Red Tags For Special Buys 

’76 CAM ARO 
’75 RIVIERA 
’75 CORVETTE 

M aroon, ó -cylinder, loaded, roily wheels, till wheel 
......... 
#19 9 3 

Coupe, blue, boded with extras, price reduced 
.............. 
#117 o4 

T-TOP, blue, boded, power windows, tilt. A M / F M .................................... 
#1o39 
’75 FURY 
’75 MUSTANG 
’75 COUGAR 
’75 ELECTRA 
’74 CAPRICE 
’75 CADILLAC 

Sport Coupe green, loaded, bucket seats, b w mites........................ 
#11SS 

2-4-2 blue, 4 speed, boded, economy plus .......................... ................... #13o6 

XR 7 silver, boded, cruise control, vinyl t o p 
......................... 
#1o244 

225 , beige, 4-door, extra nice, boded ....... 
#2o17 

Coupe, maroon, loaded, vinyl top tope deck 
............. 
#2o4$ 

DeVilte Coupe, blue, boded, 3 3 ,1o o miles, oil ex tras....................... ...................... 
«2o13 
’74 MERCURY 
’72 SKYLARK 

Comet, 4-door, whtte, 6-cylind#r, boded, vinyl top 
.............. ........... 
#2323 

Coupe, yellow, b w mites, automatic with o ir . ...... 
#2321 
’72 DUSTER 
TRUCKS— 

Coupe, beige, boded, low miles, extra clean ......... ................. 
#23o3 

*4495 
*5395 
*7695 
*3495 
*3195 
*4195 
*5495 
*3595 
*6995 
*2595 
*2495 
*1695 

C H O O S E F R O M 3 BLAZERS, 5 El C A M IN O S , 2 V A N S , I DUAL 
WHEEL, I C -6 o CAB, 3 FO UR WHEEL DRIVE PICKUPS 7 5 BLAZER 2 wheel drive, beige, V8 , automatic 3-seots, roll bar, radio 
#2117 ? 
’75 CHEVY 
’73 EL CAM INO 

Vi ton short bed, gieen, boded, wagon wheel mags .......... 
#229 5 ? 

White, boded, 
A M ro d b ........ 
#2347 1 
’73 COURRIER 
Pickup, red, 4-speed, A M rodio, comper s h e ll 
......... 
»2239 4? 

*4395 
*3995 
*1995 
*1995 
MECHANIC SPECIALS 
' 77 MONTECARLO... . . #2174 •1445 
*71 TOYOTA . . . ... . #2343 • 995 
»69 CHEVELL Sep.,sped. ... #tii44 *1o95 

»7o IMPALA ..... 
»69 EL DORADO 
»71 M O NACO ... 

#2332 ‘1o95 

#2311 *1 395 
...... #2 3 4 6*1 4 9 5 

ORSINGER 
★ SPECIALS ★ 
-69 DODGE 
.mots 
-71 CHEVROLET fwwer and ait, gold, lo. mites . *125o 

/ i D U I L K goge rock, tew miles 
............... i 
/ j 
Q 
■72 MONTE CARIO ff:,“".'”!’!" 
‘2275 
» 17o n t l t r u 
7-dosr h ardtop , green ond 
/ 4 d U I v I I wh ile. DOwer and oir .................................... 
H i t 5 n CHRYSIIR blue/wh ite, I 
‘315o 
-75 CHRYSLER 
'“■" '"‘‘325o 
» • e r M i l l , ”! , *‘^9<’L wh ite, Landau, p ower 
/ 5 B U I C K ond air. low miles ......................................... 
3 8 5 o 
■74 BUICK 
>3,oo 
■69 PlYMOUTH X S'..*“' 
‘125o 
■7o CUTIASS ’.i“; 
.......... ‘155o 
■75 MONTE CARIO 
‘385o 
» T C \ ! t \ % \ i r \ ^ series, p ower win- 
/ 3 YOlVU dows. outomutK, Dir, 22,ooo miles . . . . * 4 9 7 5 

’ 7 A ^ U D V C I f D 
^®'*^®P®' 9'®*'* ®''*^ wh ile, ouise 
/ O v F i K T j L C n control, stereo, faanch seot, p ower « ond oi r ................... 
*495o' 
» •» A m i l , - ! # 
225, 4 door h uidtup p ower and on, blue 
7 4 B U I C K ond b l u . ........................................................ 
3 6 5 o 
■71 PlYMOUTH C -S ;.'t":;S ?..‘.162S t " t t r / > n r v 
Country Squire woqon. like new, brown 
7 6 r O R D ond gold, lO.OOO miles 
............................... 
4 9 5 o 
■73 OLDS 88 ¡ 
. 
í 
. 
" 
: 
‘225o 
■73 GRAND PRIX ^ 
!j,i»o™i.>............. 
‘345o 

B U IC K CO . 
45oo 5AN PEDRO • 734-4224 

737 
FORO 
737 - 

766fyyHADA6HIA 
T oko up p a ym e n ts , no e qu ity, 
C reatt M an ag er, 349 -69 e< 
TomBenson 

'7* G ra n T orino e xc ellen t, m ust 
I t la O Bp recittte. « 4 1 9 6 7 
Ï » Vj O roñ T orln io i dé e r « on » p erfect! SI459 -144-33oo, 342-46o5 

L O O K IN O 7=o* A C A R ? « U T 
HAVE tIM IT E O C R E D IT ?? AND 
IN N E E D OR FIN A N C IN G ? O ver 
6o CARS TO CH OOSE F R O M tt 
C all; H e rb 225-79 o« or 222-o61 1 
; ext . 279 

New 1977 Chrysler 
NEW YORKER 

4-DOOR HARDTOP 
BROUGHAMS 

PRESENTLY WE HAVE THE 
LARGEST STOCK OF ANY 
DEALER IN THE SOUTH- 
WAST. BEST COLOR SELEC­ 
TION AND BEST EOUiP- 
MENT SELECTION AVAIL­ 
ABLE ANYWHERE. THESE 
CARS WILL BE SOLD AT 
ONCE AT HIGHLY REDUCED 
PRICES. 

NEW 1977 
CORDOBAS 

AT PRESENT WE HAVE A 
TREMENDOUS SELECTION 
TO C H O O SE FROM IN 
MANY COLOR COMBINA­ 
TIONS WITH A WIDE VARI­ 
ETY OF EQUIPMENT OP­ 
TIONS. COME IN EARLY AS 
THEY WON'T LAST LONG 
WITH THE SAVINGS PRES­ 
ENTLY OFFERED. 

PLYMOUTH 
VOURE 

WE RE NOW OFFERING THE 
B E S T S E L E C T I O N OF 
COMPANY & EXECUTIVE 
CARS IN THIS NEW PLYM­ 
OUTH VOLARE. THESE 
CARS WERE USED EXCLU­ 
SIVELY BY US, SOME LESS 
THAN 9o DAYS, NO NE 
OVER 9o DAYS, MAKE A 
SUBSTANTIAL SAVINGS ON 
THESE CARS WHILE THEY 
ARE AVAILABLE. 

ALSO A LARGE SELECTION OF NEW YORKER 4 DOOR HARDTOP BROUGH- 
AMS IN COMPANY & EXECUTIVE CARS. THESE CARS ALL HAVE VERY 
LOW MILEAGE. CHOICE OF COLOR SELECTION AND EQUIPMENT. YOU 
CAN BUY THESE CARS AT A TREMENDOUS SAViNg S. 

'76 G R A N T O R IN O 2 dr 
Tafce up p aym ent*, no equity, colt 
CredH M onaqer 349 -69 4I 

’74 L T D 2-DOOR 
T ake ove r p a ym en t* , no e a uttv coll C redit M onop er, 349 -69 4o 
‘fé L -fb L a n dau. B eautiful b ur- sun dy over etiver. 25,ooo m ile» ., loaded. » 54oo. 341-7*o4. 

O.R. MITCHELL CHRYSLER/PLYMOUTH 
"The D ea le r That Tells It Like It Is " 
28oo B R O A D W A Y 
Open Evenings 824-6331 
(ACROSS FROM BRACKENRIDGE PARK) 

11------ 1 

Loop 4 1 o AT SAN PEDRO 
;=7 

*75 G R A N T O R IN O i-ooded. « 35oo. T a tar, 734-6613 
., ‘711 G ron T orino M roap h am 
2-dr. , 
|i tolly loa de d 
*29 oo, 2o7 W. 
M aytietd at C om m ercial. 

341-3314 

K iN S E L Ford-Mercurv 
FI» a*anfon, 
5.A. P h one 626-279 1 

‘7! LTD P ow e r, oir, e x c e lle n t 737 ‘ F8RQ cend. M u« t *elM 5119 5 « 32 749 4 
‘73 LTD, take up p aym en t» , coll 
9 24-6671 
M och I '73 L oaded, m a ot, a n d to Oder Flr» f *21oo. 654-6777 

*73 M averick 2-dr., » Id., 6 N ew tire» , 21,ooo m l. E xc e lle n t cond. 
5165o. « 24-4634 

JHf NUMblV lO CftU 
IS 32S 16 6 6 
IXPBISS AND N lW i 

’75 M A V E R IC K 6 
Air, *2175. T oter, 734-6615 
‘7o M AVERICK, outom atic, 6. a ir. call 349 .D542 or 433-39 o« . 

‘72 M ovtrlcfc. 2dr, h a rdtop , rodio, h ooter, a ir » 9 9 5 225-2172 
'74 M AV ERICK . E xc e lle n t con di­ tion , low m i. W h ile. *2o25 . coti 
Je» » e, 349 -659 3 

737-fatD 
/37-Fimi 

(XPOtSS AND NfWS 

‘72 M averick, new p oint, b a tte ry, 
*1,175. 333-9 2o3, 64o-119 2 otte r 3 
PM 
■7T M AVERICK 3o2 VI, » ton dard, 
53,ooo mi. oir, tqw n e r, » 149 $, 
2 2 6-o 2 9 1 
^ 
__________________________ 
19 67 M USTANG 6 

■74 M USTANG, AUTO. A I R ^ r flP 
T O P 
P A Y O F F *2237 N E T , 
OW NER EQ UITY F R E E « 28 69 *9 
■7o M utton a, *55o Co» h Oniy, Coli 
69 5-3254. 

77 MUSTMÌ6 COBRA 

A Rer 6:-17 4^-36o no m o n t v d ow n. C o lt; H o rb , 
225^79o9 or 533-797I 

737-HHÌO 

*67 Muotanq Canvarlibla 6 evi.' auto, pood powtr top, oir, con6o«e. 
*21oo or bett offer, 6S5-7S6B. 
‘73 Muston« Fosibock, outomotlc, oir, pow er »teerln«, pow er broke». Coll Manuel 141-9433 
. 
'ono . _________ 
, moculote. IISOO firm, *34-6147 

CALI Î2S-16 6 6 

TEXAS sin SâyiN6 S.m m 

2 u n e s 9 
" 
W 
I O m w 
# 

 mm COMMEilCtAM 

^ T H 
O 
U f 
22S-1 «6 
O a iC K R E S U i 

7 Ì M 
T m a m m _ _ _ _ _ _ 

GIGANTIC BufcK^ALE! 

LOWEST PRICES OF THE YEAR ON 1977 MODEL BUiCKS 
• DEM OS • DRIVERS EDS • RENTALS CARS . . . W ITH LOW MILEAGE 
★ ALL CARS STILL IN FACTORY W A RRA N TY * 

1977 ELECTRA PARK AVENUE 
Stock #1212, White, Loaded. 
€ 
List $1o,122, Take.................... . T . # W W S 

1977 SKYLARK 
4-door sedan, stock #118o, silver, fully equipped. List $56o9, TAKE e m m 
^4795 

73$743-«ITMMIUS 
San Antonio EXPRESS-ÑEW S— Soturdoy M oy 28 1977 * 
Page t-f 

 sv,« « -V. 1. 
RR-. fOÉÉOS., 

1977 LeSABRE 
Custom 4-door sedan, stock #11o6, Buckskin, fully equipped. List $6948, TAKE 
.... *5695 

RIATA 
CADIlUC 

BUY A PRE-OWNED 
NON-ENERGY TAXABLE 
CADILLAC 
ONE OF THE TOP RATINGS IN THE 
EPA LUXURY CAR MIEAGE CHARTS 
3 1 7 LEXINOTON 
226-7221 
12,ooo MI./12 MO. 
CADILLAC VALUE 
PROTECTION PUN 
SERVICE AGREEMENT 
ON MOST 7 7 ,7 6 , 
7 5 and 7 4 MODELS 

1977 CENTURY SPECIAL COUPE 
Stock # 12o4, green, fully equipped. 
List for $5668. TAKE . . . 
*475o 

OVER 25o 
NEW BUICKS 
ALSO ON SALE 
BUICK CO. 

1977 SKYHAWK HATCHBACK 
Coupe, stock # 1 5o9, black, loaded. 
List $667o, TAKE . . . 
| ^ 

45oo 
SAN PEDRO 
734-4221 

SELLS • RENTS • LEASES, 
*3oo to «5oo OFF ON USED CARS & TRUCKS 

COUPE DE VlUi 
I • Buffundy 
Burgundy., . 
’76 brougham 
' 
6re«n-whi»e 

« T A SEVIUE 
/ D SilTer-Silver . 

SEVILLE 

*1 o,95o 

*96 5o 
*96 5o 

:7«-olD SM IIt( 
742 pmm 
746-TRUCKS ICOMMiRCiM 
IRAilERS, BUSES 
7 4s-n m »sia)m ffiiin u 
IIU IL E K .M S 
M 
Is S d M g i M f 
U sed C a rs F rom O ur R entot Ftool 
< 197« U sed) 
IM I SOUTH TE R M IN A L 
F or intomfMrti« « Coll: 835944S 

'69 Pontiac B onneville 4 dr, load­ ed, ex cellent tire s, runs well, SHOO 
144-11o8. 
•72 C h evv 'T ton 4oo LW B , a ll p ow er, oir, tilt w h eel P ositroc - 
¡ tion. insutatod cover. New radiois i 42 ooo mi O w ner. $ 319$ . 45$ -7$ 22 

'71 P ontioc C atoilno, 3 dr viny l h a rdtop , a u tom a tic , p ow e r, a ir coll J3J $ 91$ A F T E R som . jio w m m 
; 

7¿ $ 
4M **r Í 
« >oy m8iit» , no » quitv, coH j 
\ H .19...¿ i t 
' C redit M a now r, 349-4948 
‘7S C M vv ' i ten pickup « 7 o « 

Must »»III '‘‘74 6 'i H i V «•«•«cy’. 
Com ptetety loodPd, >449« 454-M37 
O lds, ‘73 O m P M Cp*. p ute, otr, 
» rgdw ate *p « W . >I>M « 4-2793 
442, 45S cu in, 4 Ml Itip « p e r, good p nging, n p t dt f r on t up lioittery a nd body w ork, $ 8o« . 
344-3SS9. 

 tic , p ow e r, f a c tory oir. E x e e p - i ‘74 Ch evy tionfltly cteoni $ 149S Will trofte I drive 
923-2C83 
! 341-394o. 

■t ton S ilverodo 4-wh l 
349.34o3; one r 4; 

‘74 O lds C uttp m C ru is e r 9 pos- se nge r, a ll p gw gr, fully looded, 
SMOO tirrw W4-tteT3. lowi 3pm 
‘74 è tds . ¿ u da w 'sup re m e. B uckel 
Seats, Cw nsele, L ondou Top, S port 
W h e e ls , C le a n, in E x c t it e n m 
CondlHon 
$49 oo. m m 3 or 
494-7771. 
‘74 Ò ids C u t la s s 
S u p r e m e 

Ponitoc C otPiino 197o. Like new i j ‘7o Ch evy ’i ton. 33o, 4-ipd., orlH 
$ 783. Cott; 1J3-4So1, m oil o» k tor p ua rd. R un» good. ne e d« » om© 
Don Moltx 
\ w ork >475. A tter 4 3o: 499-1713. 
! '72 C h evy ' » ton, V 8, a u to a ir , i s h ort b e d w itn tool b o* $ 149$ | 
432-2644,432-244o 
___________ 
1973 PQRtiac Cataina 
4-door Sedan, a utom atic, air.SI99S 
H E M PH ILL MCCOMBS 
PORO SOUTHSIOE 
19o1 SW M iHtory 922 4317 

■74 C h evy *^4 ton, V 8. outo oir , 
$ 3193 432 2444, 432 344o i 

‘74 P O N T IA C P I R E 8I R o E S 
PR IT . Colt J A. O orco 332-8411 
I ‘48 P ontiac. Oood condition. s$ oo. 
Ì 441 2454; $ SOI B orch er» . 
II 
834-934$ , 
49SdOS4______________ 
•fï'iiiis '^ uM a ss S up rem e. B uckel se ats. n» Hy 
« owiipped. 
S439V 34M 4» 
‘7Ì Ö lÄ "'iuH ass S up rèm e,' eicêT! 
See to a p p re c ia te . SÎSSO. M9-4oI4 
-7$ 6 C D S 
C T I f -s iton,- ! ^ 

P ontiac '73 G rondviile, 2 dr load­ ed, $ 23oo call 484-44o4 otte r 6Pm. 
1974 Ponftoc G ron P rix , m odel SJ. 
L oaded! 824 9345. 49$ 8o34 

 m H eoge, i 
7 T 5 Î Î S i, call 933-3724 
C u tla ss C e u p e , one 

‘74 P ontia c G r q n P r ix . P olly eq uip p ed 
AM PM stereo. 
$ 4393 341 1434 

 ow ner. Like new l « 7 9$ Will frode i <o,ooo m iles 
74 Pontiac Granviile 
2 door Sport C oupe. L oaded! Only 

‘72 CH EVY VAN e x tros . M inor! re p olrt. $ 23oo 691-174o 349-1348 i 
‘77 CH EV Y V an V 8, a uto, otr.i re or oir, T W cc., p ow er » leer ing b rak e s, 4 capt. ch oirs, am tm 
8 Irock Bob, 648 1 $ 23. ________ 

“ Tin Rm TñttIliRK C ^ ” tom CiNfwn Ww Cmiw 
V*n A ecessonn» - V*o 
C onv e isions. C ustom 
Pemi 
Sfuiif eie Com 
,1,-ir van mtenors k» uodw li'QO Van A Mt< Home 
Ttineup» 

“ fr« M MiW t* « M " 
6 T4 W. Rhopsofly 

3 4 9 - 8 2 7 2 

‘74 C H E V Y V e go, sm otl p onol truck $ 9$ o 333 8152________________' 
'^74 C H E V Y V e ga , s m a ll p a ne l frock $ 9$ o 333 8132. 
'76 CHEVY VERSA VAN 
C ruise, TV re trige rotor, dual Plr, like new $ 943o. 224 o291. 494 4157 

923>38« 
Ô LOS CU T l As S *73 3 diior + oïë up p a y m e nts, c a ll: 33S-4So1 a sk tor Don Holt* 

 no m oney irb 

76 sr^Green *1 o,4 5o 
76 
76 
76 
75 
75 
75 

75 
75 
75 
75 
75 
74 
73 
73 
73 

CALAIS Sedon 
Gold-Brown..... 

COUPE o# Vili# 
Red-whito....... 

COUPE De Vili# 
White white..... 

BROUGHAM white biocit.... 

ELDORADO white block..... 

SEDAN OEVIUE green-white .... 

SEDAN OEVILIE brown- white.. 

SEDAN DEVILU silyer-iilver.... 

CAUtS Sedan yellow Wotk .... 

COUPE DEVIILE red-white— 
.. 

*8 1 5o 
*o6 75 
*925o 
*8 25o 
*799o 

*6 99o 
*76 5o 
*6 99o 
*6 4 5o 
*6 99o 

COUPE OEVILIE am wh ile burgondy...’ 7 4 9 o 
ELDORADO 
«w a a a silver w h ite........... 59 9 o 

ELDORADO 
$a >f C A goM-wh ito ........... ’ 4 7 5 o 

ELDORADO 
í m 
í c I Í blue-wh ite..............’ 4 6 5 o 

BROUGHAM 
$ a a a a yellow-white.... ’ 4 4 9 o 

74(Wseiittass dow n. Low p a y m e nts 
Coll: H erb 33S-7989 or $ 33-7978 
'7 f 6 y s"'C uttos# E x tro'"3 e a n, iow m ilA 838-« $ $ . A fter 7 .-494-83o3. 
Ò L b s b e l t o ‘l 8’- 'i l l b r ow n, 
4-door. E ntro nice. $ 1 1 « or toke up p ay m ents Coll: 33S-4So1. m uel 
o « tor Don HiMtt 

$ 339$ 

76 C h evv W re c k e r. I loo, 4$ 4 
1 « ne , 4 sp d. 424 N om ar 8,o8o Ib 

1 w inch 4.ooo m iles 4/4 o$ 48______ 

JAM ISON M tr» Sequtn, 223 $ 2o1 
‘73 Pontloc Ô ron S oiorl w ognn, clean* 
$ 279$ 
828 4333, 
A fter 
7.-494-o1o3 
‘4S P ontiac L eM ans, good condì tion. « 93 422 37o9 

’73 P O N T IA C L Ê M A N S 
3-door. T oke ov e r p a y m e nts , no eouity , call c re dit m anoge r, 
349 4948 

39 CHEVY 5y d D um p truck , ‘43 
GMC $ y d dum p truck bo.A e x tra 
Cleon! GMC needs m inor rep a ir 
331-oo78. 
_________ 
•77 C J 7 J E E P 
$ 4875 834-423$ _________ 
‘72 
C O U R IE R 
F O R b , 
LOW 
M ILES PAY O F F $ 1638 OW NER 
EQUITY F R E E 828 4?$ 9 

‘42 F ord V on, 6 c y linde r, w ith m ags and custom p a int |ob. $ 9oo 
824 8473 _______ 
•72 F ord V on ¿1 o o , storvdord 4. 
$ 21oo Coll M onuel 341 9433 

77 Ford Van fully loode d A s s u m e b a la nc e . 
Colt M er^. 22$ 79Q9 or 333 7978 
‘74 F ord V on. '•> ton," ex ceìieni, I ow ner Will w h olesote 332 3o77 
F or d "V so'”’ w inc h Iruc S ios’o, 
“ C a s e " u nlloode r $ 33oo, T e lex 
C h erry p ick er $ 3,ooo E qpl tra ile r 
$ 8oo-23'X 23' p a ne le d c e nt a ir btdg « 4oo-484 38oo 
‘73 FORD W indow V an, V8, auto. 
W h ite, $ 313o Jim , 641-4311 

OTHER M A K E S 

GET BOTH QUALITY and PRICE. 
ROD G O O D BU Y S — M A N Y LOADED W ITN EXTRA ACCESfSORIES 

7 o VOiKSWAGENZdoor............ . . .* 99o 
7 2 DODGE Oort Swmgcr, 2 door........... ..*2o95 
’72 DODGE 4-iteer.................... . . ..* 888 
72 MAVERICK 1oo 4^door........ . 
..*2195 
’68 iro 2-door........................ . . » 99o 
’73 MUSTANG «ockl................... 
*3195 
’7o T-WRD 2 door.................... . . .*1188 
'73 a P R I 2-door......................... ..*1895 
•72 GAUXiE 5oo,2 door.............. . . : .* 9 98 
'73 COUGAR XR7,2-doer................. 
»3o95 
’74 GRAN TORfNO 2 door........... . . . .*2ooo 
’74 MUSTANG 2 door................... 
*2795 
’66 MUSTANG 2 door................ 
* 688 
•74 CHEVY NOVA 4^door ................ ..‘2695 
’74 CHEVY Impolo 2-door.... ........ ....*1995 
’74 CHEVY VEGA CTHotthiKKk........... ..*1795 
’74 CHEVY VEGA 2-door............. . .*15oo 
’74VAUANT4door...................... *2595 
'72 FORD Stotion Wogon.......... — 
... .»1o88 
’74 MG Cohvt. Coupe..................... 
*2695 
’72 AMC Station Wogon............... ... *1375 
’74 TOYOTA CORONA 4 door ........... 
*2495 
’73 BUICK ElEQRA 225,4 door...... .....*1998 
’74 MAVERICK 4 door ................... 
*2295 
’7o MERCURY Stotkm Wogon.......... .. . * 998 
'75 PINTO Runobout..................... . »2595 
’72 PONTIAC 44{oor ................. 
. .* 888 
’75 CHEVY NOVA 4 door............... ..*3395 
’71 TORINO 4 door.................. .....* 898 
’75 PONTIAC FIREBIRD Formuio 35o,2 dr....*4295 
’73 OIDS Vsto Cruiser................. .....*1988 
’75 VOLKSWAGEN RABWT 4 door..... 
*3o95 
’74, ’7o AMC 4 door .....................* 7 9 8 
•76 HONDA CVCC 2 dr , oir. tend......... . *2895 
7 4 FORD Custom 5oo,4-door .... ..........*1975 
’76 MAVERICK 2 door................... 
*3495 
COMPACTS 
’76 PINTO Squire Runabout............... . ‘3395 
’69 VOLKSWAGEN 2 door.......... ....* 798 
’75 MUSTANG 2 door................... . ‘3295 
’68 MUSTANG 2 door....................»1395 
’75 MAVERICK 4 door................... ..*2995 

OLDS CUTLASS salon blue-white 

PONTIAC Gran Pne black-whHe.... 
MAIDA blue............ 
BUICK Riviero btown-bfown — 

CONTINENTAL 
« . i a e 
Mock IV blue-white 4195 

*56 9o 
*56 9o 
*24 9o 
*4 4 5o 

’74 O L D S OBlta M 
4 door s e da n solid w h ite inside- out. E le ctric w indow s, re a l C rem e puW. $ 27oo, 824-S474 
‘7o O lds D e lta 88 h a rdtop 4$ $ e ng., a ir , full p ow e r. E nc e ile nt, 
« 9$ . 834-713o , 823-oS99 
________ 
‘4^ oU s beH a R oy ale, p ow er, a ir, tap e deck. E K cellent cend. $ 183$ . 
237-1591; otte r 4 p m . 833-74S3. 
'7Í. V ery ctoon! 

‘73 PONTIAC LE MANS 
STANDARD. $ 18oo 224 o291 
‘49 Pontioc LuM ons 2-door, a uto a ir « 9$ 432 2444, 432 244o 
P ontia c , ‘71 S a f a r i, low m ile s. cleoh $ 1393. 824 2793 
73 
P a ntioc 
S a f a r i 
Wogon-2937 R oosevett s ta t ion 

 ow oltabto. 
OLDS Detto ‘88' 
$ 149o, ttnoncing 
43S-1441 
'7 |' oW » y i-^r7'iiircltop.''^^^ ' c onii- tlw t. Colt: 834-4419. 
‘4 l à iits W , b e a d condm on. S7od 
458-89H otte r 4: or 4S8-« 39 
■74 O lds ’•IT "iiSe' new.' ' Puli' p ric e 
M79S Will frode 933-3M3 
__________ 
■ 7 Ì " lL b rii'''toa de iriE Ì c tr o ^ 
SH$ 344-37W______________ 
'74 O LD S 78 L ux ury S e da n, oil p ow er, toc te ry a ir , tow m iieap e, e x tra c le a n $ 3493. 9o % financln« ovnltoble. 334-441o i 
‘73 O L D S 98 L ux ury S e da n, ex - { e tileni. 44,o8o m i. h ot oil Its but- ' te nt. Will w h piesole, 349-1833 
; 
O tdsm oblle, ‘74 C utloss S up rem e 
Coupe, a ir, p ow er, c ruise control i beoutltullv m alnloined. by origin- , a i ow ne r, not e v e n a s c r a t c h . 
S acrtflco, S erious C utlass B uy ors 
Sh ould S to. 493-1374. 
'di' è 'W tm e b ile . R u ns p e r f e c t ! 

'76 P ontiac v e ntu r o H a tc h b ac k . 
U nder 8,ooo mi. Stitl In w a rra nty 
A fte r 4 p m w k da y s , oil doy w k endt: 824-354$ . ________________ _ 
73 VENTURA 2 door. 4 slondord, no 
« q u ity , tq k e ov e r p ay m ents R andy 681-3492 iow 

743 WSeEUMENSUTQS 
TRADEWINOS Auto Sales 
•WE FINANCEe 
3oo3 SW M ILITA RY 
932 37o3 

■73 C ustom D elux e '» ton 33o V-8 
A iitom a lic , LW B C h e v r ole t , 
Pick-U p. L oaded, a lto duol tank s, new radials, cam p er sh ell, h eavy duly , positive tiortton. $ 343o. Blue 
Book $ 4473. 344-7$ 19. 
72 O a ts un Picfc'UO w ith la r ge c a m p e r , a t r , s t a n da r d, good condition, cleon $ 187$ . 6$ 3-8ll7. 
'7 i D A TSU N PIC X U P .T om p e r cov e r. S londord. H D 
B um p e r. 
$ 14oo 6S3 $ 9M eves 

‘74 FO R D 4X4 FISO 
2231342 

FOR SALE BY OWNER 
*24 C h evy B ononio p ic k up . All p ow er, 
Oir 
$ 42oo 
223 6o38; 
7$ $ -4$ 11. 

‘74 Dpdg© B 1oo ''on P ow er, air, 
34o V8, a uto., c ustom inte r ior . 
$ 4295 434 o197 
'73 D odge C lub Cob, s h ort bed. m op w h eels, dual e x h a u st, c u s ­ tom strip, oir, std 423-3134. 
7Soo(ia8CoRV8PtBdVan m m oculoff e x tra s $ 4ooo 822-7394 
Im m aculo 
1 94 ^ D odge 8Ôo D um p T ruck on 
B utane 4 y d bed G ood C and No tag $ 133o. 69$ 32o3; 69$ -89o3 

744-CItSTOMilED CARS, 
SPEER BttWe GARS 
C O B R A , e x c e l l e n t c ondition! 
M ust sell. $ 14oo c osh . N eed im- m edigtely 435 1441 ________________ 
PA N TER A . L IK E NEW ! 143 M PH 
PLU S! CALL: 628 3311 

M ust tWI $ 49o cosh 435-1441 
‘44'fiids Storttrv! Ofw d' condilion' 
$ 42$ . Coll 484-1S78. 
‘7 i'b ldf stdttofi"w agon,' a u to.'a ir. 
$ 129$ « 2 2444, 432-244o t9>2 O L O i TO R O N A O d 
' 
44,8oo m ile s, a ll p ow e r. D elux e 
C ondition. L e a v ing tow n. S I,4oo. 
349-8o4$ or 344-4497. 

‘539S 

STATION W AGONS 
7 4 GRAN TORiNOStotion Wagon...... 
7 5 CHEVEUE Motlbu Qosmc Wogon...... 
7 5 PLYMOUTH Station Wogon.....,..., 
’7o MERCURY Colwiy tmk Wogon........ 
HSAVY CARS 
76 T-MRD 2-door...................... 
7 6 OIOS 9 S Regency Sedon .............‘6395 
7 6 PONTIAC Grond Prix, 2-doof............ *5695 
7 5 T-WRD 2 door..........................*5395 
7 5 BUICK (ustom LeSobre, 4 door............*3795 
7 5 CHRYSLER Coidobo, 2-door............. .*4695 
7 4 UNCOLN Continental Town Cor...........*3995 
7 4 OLDS DELTA 88 4 door................ *2995 
7 3 LINCOLN MARK IV 2-door............‘5395 
7 3 CADILLAC El Dorado Coup#............. .’3995 
’72 CADILUC Sedon OeVHIe................*2495 
7 2 BUICK LeSobre custom 2-door — 
...... *1695 
7 1 LINCOLN MARK III 2-door 
*2995 
7 3 LINCOLN Continentol Town Cor...........*3495 

FOR RIATA*S 
SPECIAL 
OF THE DAY— 
DIAL 
22 RIATA 

 o r 2 2 7 4 2 8 2 

“ Y O U CAN AFFORD A FORD FROM G l i i E S P I f j j 
GILLESPIE« 

2 3 o o i r oc H l gy oy • 2 2 7 . 1 4 1 1 

2 3 1 1 R r oc K i w a y • 2 2 7 - 1 4 1 S 

2 4 1 1 R r o o dw a y • 2 2 7 - 1 4 1 9 
2 7 4 5 S . W . M i l i t a r y • 9 2 3 - 4 5 4 1 

2 o 1 4 G ol i od R ood • 3 3 4 - Ó 7 2 o 
1 7 2 2 A u k H fi H w y . • 3 2 6 - 3 2 8 7 

NEW ami PRE-OWNED 
CAR SALES 
SHOWROOMS 
O pw n M en.-Frl. • A M . 
To 6 P.M. 
Sot. • A.M. to 4 P.M. 
SHOP INDOORS 

‘49 O lds V ieto C r u is e r . P ow e r, ne w b r a k e s , a i r , le a de d. O ne ow ner S1o9S or b e st otter. I3$ -1457 
‘7 i O lds w agon','a uto'. oi r 's i l f S 
433-3444, 433-244o 
T ake over p oy m ents, no equity ‘7$ 
O lds C uttuss. C oll. 834-74o4 O tter 
7 . 494-5734 
T ftoe'S ver P a y m e nts 'bn '74 CUT- 
LASS. No equity . 332-o984, D ennis, 
•nites: 4$ 4-4321 
‘45 v is ta C r u is e r , or ig. ow ne r. pow er, oute. $ 3oo. 484-o89$ 
________ 

746-TRUCKS I GOMMERSIRl 
TRAIIERSJUIS___ 
ALAMO W H ITE TRUCKS 
814 PR O B A N D T 
334 3131 
RRRRY TRUCKS 
4-Wh eel D rive 
All Sires 
B rouboch E q uip m ent, 734-1459 
‘73 BEAU JA M E S , 18,ooo m iles, call 932 2734 
1973 B E D E L L v a n tra ile r , 3411, good c e ndit ion, good r u b b e r , 
$ 3ooo or b e st otte r. Judson Con- dies, inc. 831 S F lore s 327-52o1 
*74 B ie te r. C h ey enne P kg, loaded 
SS3oo A « e r 7 p .m : 334-o489. 
1974 B ta ie r C h e y e nne p a c k a ge , looded! 4-WO S24-9$ 6S, 493 8o34 
‘48 B ronco V8, std., pickup. 4-wh l drive. $ 143o 73$ 4339 

741 mum 
•73 b é i ^ è i , siésÑT 

C A L L 
W O N ’T 
L A S T 
LO N G 
O ne O w ner, 1914 GMC ‘» ton C us­ tom Von, B est of E v ery th tnq , Ad ditions . T oo N u m e rou s to lis t. 
C om p a re a t s io $ 11,ooo tor new one $ 4995 699-3622 

'43 D odge p ic k u p 
R u ns w ell 
N eeds som e w ork. $ 35o 433 4534 
'76 Dodge sj, ton V an low m lieoge, m ust sell. otr. p ow e r, $ 4ooo b e st otte r. 458 3934 b e tw e e n 8 4 serious Inquiries only 
*69 b odge ' iton V ery good tondi tion. 6 cy l. $ 85o 494-7896 
1973 D odge V an. loaded! 834 9545 
49S-86$ 6 

1172 DODGE VAN $2289 s ta nda rd 4. G ood tor a s tortei 
V on I ! 
H E M P H IL L MCCOMBS 
FO RD SO UTH SID E 
19o1 SW M llllory 933 4317 
DRIVE IN TRUCK SALVAGE 
PIC K U P TRUCK PA R TS 
2o3 L oredo Hwy 974-4551, 934 4552 
1974 E 3oo F ord window von, new ew p ow er s t h itch , 
$ 315o 
3o3 engine, new p ow er ste e ring, 
Dick 

FOUR !975 C H E V Y ’iton pickups, oute. pow er ste e ring, b rak e s, on 
C lean. H urry tor 1st ch w ce $ 373o e a ch (I)93 t-3 tl7 C ony on LoKg. 
'44 6 m C C a r r y oi r 4 c y l., v e ry clean, tiooo Coil 341 3931 aft 4 
71 GMC P IC K U P , new c orv e tte engine, w h ite sp ok e w h eels, a m fm stereo, bolloon tire s, swb. ou tom ollc-on floor, oir, new p aint. 
$ 349$ . 334-o391 
'7$ 
S ie rra ¿ la s s ie . 'V Jon, 4 w h e e l dr iv e , ne w t i r e s . W in nebogo c a m p e r. CB radio 73,ooo m iles 484 38o9 e vening» 
1975 GMC S le rro G ra nde 
Ion 
S ub urb an 454 CIQ engine. F ront a nd r e a r a ir , tr a ns m is s ion oil cooler, h eavy duly tra ile r h itch , 
CB i n s t a l l a ti on 
A b out 25.ooo m ites $ 5,ooo 343-o532 
•74 GMC •> ton S le rro G ronde 
LWB, looded. A lter 5 454-1787 
‘45 GMC 3’ » ton troc tor w ltb ^ 8‘ fla tb ed tra de r, tooo tire s. M otor e x c e l l e n t Q uic k s a le 
$ 375o 
47 4 83o3 A lter 4 494 3338 
‘73 GMC 'Tion VB. A uto., p ow er, a ir , LW , front gr ill gu a rd. Im m ocutoto int a tt 4 : 3o 499-1715 
___ 
‘77 GMC Von, not toss 18oÒ m iies, tulty tooded, $ 7ooo 473-1o37 ________ 

 oir, troile r 
4337895 

’76 E L C A M IN O 
18,ooo a c tu a l m ile s , ou lo a ir , pow er w indow s, tilt w h eel cruise control, sw ing-out seals, looks like new. R educed to S4495. coll Jim , 
661 4511 
_____ 
‘76 El C om ino C lassic 35o CID, a u to., a i r , 33,ooo m l 
A ir a d|. 
Sh ocks. $ 4595 735 9397 e x i 364; otter 6: 647 1579 

__________ 
4S» 4)$ 47_________ 
‘7$ O uste r. K iug, 
$ 3$ oo. 459-1o33 1o p.m . 3 p.m . 
7QDD$TERI895 
3-<toor h a rdtop 4 outo 433-to« ! 
'7o D U S T E R . S la nt 4, c le a n tsi 
S45o. coll 733-3834 
___________ 
‘73 F U R Y , e x c e iie ni c ondition! 
D rives p grle c t. $ 138o full p ric e 
43S-I441 
19^2 # ury l ex cepltoiioi b uy i tfP T cash ur Hnqwcg. 43$ -l44l 
•of PuiY m .' V« i "fiJr, a oio7 p ow e i\ 
>1o« ). COM: « >-471o. 
■7$ 6rap<k P ury 1» lvmottth , fully 

CEN TU RY W R E C K E R SA LES 
D istrib utors C entury W re c k e rs 
16o3 NO ALAMO 
335-4144 

‘74 EI C am ino C lossic, outo, oir, p ow e r, tilt w h e e l, new r a dia is • 
G em 
T op , 
$3895 
828 8o7o, 
349-3987. 
‘73 EL CA M IN O, e x c ellent a uto a ir , p ow er s te e ring b ra k e s , om tm rodio 35o VB- ra lly * w h e e ls, rood h ugge r tires. V iny l tonneau cower. $ 3395. 344 7738 

’73 G M C 4WO 
' iton, im m a rutoto. 8.ooo Ib. W arn 
W inch , h i-intensity ligh ts, de lux e 
Inte rior, titt s te e r ing, a m fm 8 frock, oir, h i p e rtorm onc * engine, 
E delbrook lorq ue r m anitold, dua l t x h ou s t , tw in 34 ga l l on k s , ch rom e tow b um p er Will go any - w h ere m L ux ury $ 38oo 834 5474 
GONNA OET M A R R IE D ! G otto 
Sell, 73 F ord V an, N ice 534 7534 g r a d u a t i o n SPE C IA L 
•74 e i C am ino, ou4o, w r , p ow er ste e ring and b ra k e s , tilt w h eel. 8 troc k . h e a v y du ty h itc h A fte r 
$ 3o, 4 « -o 3 « . 
GRAN DE FO R Ò T R U ÌK SÀ LES 
IHIO ond W W. W h ite R ood 
441-4131 
‘44 INT g 6 n ATIONA L 4 w d Pick 
Up. Cull 4$ 3 $ 914 
International T rucks 
715 S te w s A V . 
« 4 $ 471 lnl« r« alK » nal S cout II, B i-C enteii nial E dition. 9 m os old loa de d, 
$ 63oo. list for « 7 o o con be seen ot 
M llom O qroge. 

‘75 C h e v r ole t C u s tom D e lu x e 
P iL k up '? lon, 35o cu in , s t a n ­ da rd, radio, h e a te r, 35,ooo m iles. 
$ 3495. 654-8259 otte r 6 pm 
71LLCMIINoSt29S 
S peed eqpt H urry * 435 1641 

19/4 C h e v role t C ustom . LO A D 
E D ! 826 9545 495 8o54 

’74 E L C A M IN O V8 std, a ir, $ 345o T a tet. 734 6415 

974 C h evrolet C uslom D eL ux e, 4 evi, stond SWB. 834 9545, 495 8o56 
‘73 C H E V R O L E T P lck up , pow er steerlng, radia is, 3So V8, lust reu- p h olslered $ 17oo or b e si otte r. 
342-4S7S 

‘68 E lC a m ino. 35o, VB, 3 -sp e e d 
Good condition. 836 3543 

1975 C h evrolet SWB, 4 cy l. outo. 
824-9$ 45, 69$ 8o54 

Í. $ 3IO» -« 74>784$ 
‘49 C h e v r ole t ' j ton, ne w V-8 engine. A utom atic tra ns m is s ion, p ow er, tac lory oir, e x tra cle oni 
$ 139$ Will trod© 933-3883 

E X C E L L E N T B U Y 
1973 GMC C ustom cab ' iton SWB. 
A ir, oulo , $ 3,ooo ml. D riv es like new . $ 37$ o A fter 5, 494 $ 4o9 
197$ E X P L O R E R red ond block 
3o2 V -l s londor d. O nly 39,ooo m iles. $ 419$ Coll. J e su s Zopoto, 
323 8611 

73SMERCVRY 

‘7$ S r p n f ury . 4-fir“, e x ira s ! 
V ery ctoon. M py ing. m ust s ti ll 
S27So. 4S3-47oS; 838*1793. 
| 1944 C h e v role t ' i ton, long b ed 
,-;^y |''''p ;j-^ J2 1 1 il-Joof'i*or« iloii, ; up . b oo“ c ondition 
3$ o 
Inadeil. l-nw ner B26-9S63. 493-8o$ 4 ! r e b u ilt 14,ooo m ile s oeo. B lue. 
G ood p oint. G rill, side b ox e s, 8 

‘73 F -J5 o F or d, 4 8,4 4 o m i. ow ner, 13' steel bed with stak es, dum p, m oke otter. 47$ 1242 

 h’i Ä 
’J T s iV « 
« * 8« ’* 

 m f a — , i x c t t e n t cowd. 734-837o. 
73 P L Y M O U T H O r a n S p or t, 
2-doMr h a rdto» , outo, ta c tory air, 
SI 19$ . 
9o% P inancinp avoitoble. 
334-441o 
7 Ï 1>Ì.YMÒUTW O ron S p or f il 

‘7$ C h e v role t V an, LW B, 3o S e ­ ries, new tires. 434-4781, ask for 
Croig. 
75 Ch ev. >'• ton, double cab p ick ­ up, auto., $ 4,3$ o 
*74 C h ev. ' i ton c ustom de lux e pickup, $ 1,8oo 
C oil S u t h e r t on d S p r in gs , T x 
($ 13)947 3359 or nigh ts 947 331o. __ 
‘71 CH EVY, outo, Oir » -« Ion pick up 

197SF2SoFoRDS3889 
P ic k u p , ou toih otic , a ir , p ow e r steering, p ow er b rok es 
H E M P H IL L MCCOMBS 
FO R D SO UTH SID E 
19o1 SW M tlilory 923 6317 
197$ F ord B ronco 4 w h eel drive, oir Low mi. 824 9$ 4$ . 495-8oS4 
•72 F ord B ronco. 4-wh l drive, V8, std Air, ctoon >285o 379-9724 

■7o M oiibu M r. h ardtm e 
K IN N E Y M OTORS 
» 3 8 B rpgdw ov 
838-3313 
‘7|"1ÁARK' I vil 44,8èo m iigs, load- 

 door h ordtop , a uto, fa c tory a ir , 
SI19S. 9o% financing ovaH able. 
, 
............. ....................................$ 135o Jim , 641 4511 
1973 P ly m outti S otte lite w a gon, 
¡ ' t m f v v n f Á i 
V8. oir, disc b ra k e s , radiois, ou Í 
BbA L tom atic. $ 1,ooo. D ick « 3-789$ 

‘7$ F ord Club Cob >4 Ion ptckup, 
$ 325o. $ 33-337o 
‘7$ F or d C ou r ie r 
N ew l i r e s , radio, h eoter-oir 922'9888 

SELLS e LEASES e RENTS 

 ed, ssioe. 341-4441 da y s, « x t 341, lieves- 341-BS27. 
Í& ÍE R C Ú R Y ¿ Ô M E f " 6 f r *Y î : pow er, oir, new rodtols. ex c ellent cond, $ 189$ . 341-494S. 

B E A U V ILLE VAN 
Low m ileage, call 923-2724 

1*73 M ercury C ouior XR-7. Auto, 
■| oir, 3dr, p ow er >2o9$ , 223-3918 

We Need Cars! 

PAYING TOP DOLLAR 

FOR LOW MILEAGE, ONE 

OWNER PRE-OWNEO 

CARS AND PICK-UP TRUCKS 

ESPECIALLY AMC PRODUCTS 
SEE DI CK GREEN r i ALAMO AMC 

1111 S A N P E D R O 
2 2 7 -7 51 1 

737 » 

•72 T -E ird, loa de d, le a th e r , a ll op tions, $ 48o unde r book, S239S. 
AW 4 pm . 834-o849 
‘75 TH U N O ER B IR O . E x tro cle a n, w h ite on w h ite. M e e nre e f, only 
14,ooo m iles. M ust M ill B est offer. 
453-7341, e v es: 833-1418. __________ 
*7S T H U N O E R h iR D 
T ake UP p ay m ents, no ea utty call 
CreiRt m onoger, 349*4948 
‘73 T H liN b E R E iR O , O ir, a u to, pow er ste e ring, b rak e s, w indow s, door le e k s . W ilt f ina nc e . C olt 
B ubba, 3494593__________________ _ 
1973TimRBIRD 
LANDAU. Block on M ock. LOAD­ 
ED ! I E x tro nice 
...................$ 2989 
H E M P H IL L MCCOMBS 
FO RD SO UTH SID E 
19o1 SW jy UWorv 932 43I7 
‘74 T b b iN O , 43f ¿ e b ro Jet, oulo^, 
$ 9oo. 495-893o 
‘73 Torino, 4 dr. 3o3 y -8 outo « Hr, 
44,oo« oc tttol m ile s, by ow ne r, 
SII9S. 4S5-S87o. 
'49 T orino W agon. Air, e x cellent cond. $ 79$ or b e st otter 494-4974 
‘73 T orenodo, O ne O w ner, fully loaded « 3 o o , 321-4o44. 

737-FORO 
‘74 M USTANG C H IA , red, w h ite 
$ 24oo. M ust sell, m oving ov e rse a s, 
473-3137................................. 
........ 
•73 M ustang G rond, 351 V-8 outo, oir, viny l e x tro clean 455-314o. 

 m u s t ang 
1949 
O T . 
F u liv equipped. >11oo 435-1441 
M us ta ng II, *94 a u to, a i r , r e d, w h ite viny l, S25So. 834-3793 
’7SMIßTMISII8248S a ir, 4-sp. 4 cy i. 43S-I441 lf7 S M u s ta ng I I, 3 door . O ne ow ner M,oOO m iles, E x cepttonolly 
C leon. 3o3 e ngine , oi r , p ow e r s te e r in p , dis k b r a k e s , digltol clock, de c or group s h a g c a rp e L console, a uto, sty tod w h ools. M i­ ch e lin tiros . S p or t iie v or usod. 
E loc tric roor w indow dofrostor, top e deck. S399S Ask tor G eorge, 
933-431« a 
I otte r 4 : 484-4« 3 
I G h ia. w , 
‘74 M ustong it Ghio. V4. auto., 
AM F M S tereo. 3o ,o o o m il« » . 
$ 149$ . 843o C h iv a lry . B ra un Sto- tion EOSt. 484-7487. 
___________ 
M U STA N G II, 197» . Low m ito*. 
R a dlols. T a k e up p a y m e nts or 
S34S3 Coil: 22S-4So1, m ust ask tor 
Don HoMx 
‘74 N iU s f A N G M A C H I, V 4, 
4 -sp oad, a ir , om -tm , no oa uitv , toko ov e r ^ y m e n ts , coll R ondv 
48Í 3493 ___________________________ 
‘47 M usta ng 219 3 *pd, console, foe. oir, om -fm , c b , new tir e s , couid b e b e s t in tow n, S31 SO or best otter. 43S-4389 
__________ 
NE W -U SEO -R E PO S 
WILL FINA N CE w ith little c redit a nd little dow n. SIN G L E -M A R - 
R I E D -e r O l V O R C e O l E A S Y 
T E R M S , E A S Y F IN A N C IN G . 
C oil: B ob P u e nte , or J oe E d- geh ouse. 233-8411 or 332 148$ 
‘73 P tnto. A uto., oir, ra dio, low m ileage, v e ry cieon 4$ 3:« 34^___ 

H A V E IIT T U O R 

N O CREDIT but have down payment. 
In need of a car, 

NEW or USED 

C a l l A r t 

6 
9 9 - 3 4 3 4 

7 
3 
7 
' » 

•73 p into, oulom a tic , oir, 3$ ,ooe m itos Atk M onuel 341-9433 
_____ 
•73 P into C oope, itic k sh ift, a lr, 
(2) to eh o« » « from $ 139$ « 3-2444, 
432-3448 
'73 PIN TO $ 7,oo« m i, oír, outo, luggago rock, new polni. SI 395. 
334-o391 
__________ 
‘74 P into M PO , í$ ,OOÍ m iles, ex- cellent cond, S34So, 349-oo93. 

738'UIICtUí 
^TTniR iicoTn 
T oinr nontol. 
TÎT m lloogo, on« ow ne r. E x c e ltont c ondition. F u lly loa de d. W ill trod« Coll J a c k MItch oH 533-31o7, 
494-M34 
______________ 
'73 Lincotn C ontinontoi Tow n C or 
4 door. L ik e ne w t T ok o up povm onts or S3o9S. C ati: « $ -« $ o1 m utt ask tor Den H oiti 
72UKliCllDNRtll 
Sedan. 

-, ‘7o M orcury C ougar oirto a ir S9# S- 

•7 7 ¥ v n \ 

“T n o n 

SPORT SUBURBAN 
STATION WAGON 

POWtt 
STIOfNG, 
KHW n 
AUTOMATIC. AM, 
OlUISi CONTROL, POWER TAN 
GATE, AM-UDIO, REAR SPEAKER, EXTRA SPEOAL 
ON S A U . 
.*S6 4 5 
* 
* PIUS TAX mu Am uciNse 

È-J/i 

$•oo SAN FiO tO 

7 3 2 4 2 1 1 

« 3-2444, « 2 - 3 4 « 
•74 M or c u r y M e n te r r oy 4 di 
« odoft very ctoan, S339S. éS>->259. 
74 m onarch, « evi., a ir, w h if« with wtiito viny l roof, re d Intorior, a m -fm r a di o, c u s tom w h e e ls . 
$ 39oo. 341-7S43. 
74 M ona r c h 
4 - doa r . 
F u lly equtoped, 
AM -FM storoe. 
« 9oo-341-1434 
74 M ona rc h 6 h i o. B y ow n t r . 
L eaded. A M -FM storoo, c h re m o w h ools. S h ow room c ondition. 
Only l$,oee m l $ 4195. 454-o544 or 
454-3Mo, otk tor Rick 
.... 
M ontoge , 
« 19$ fully loa de d, tow 
195. « 7 -44o4, 333 9o41 
'4 i M w itorroy , 

‘74 PINTO RU NA BOU T, L oaded! 
834-9$ « $ , 49$ -8o$ 4__________________ 
’74 P IN T O W AGO N 
T ak e over p oy m onts, no oauitv , 
CO« C redit M qnouer, 349-4948 
S E V E H A r E C O N O M Y C A R S 
A V A ILA B LE. 18o% ftnonc ingl! ovoltb le on som e m odels. C oti: 
J A G orro 333-8411 __________ 
Sh orp LTÎb ‘72 « x iro clean, S145o. 
457-o413. 
__________ 
7o T -B ird, fully tooded, e x c el! cond, $ 45o. 4S3-7733 or oft 
149-$ 9I3 
4pm 

IN TMf (XPOt$ $ NfW5 
CAlt 225 1666 

4-door 
Sudan. 
L oaded, 
« x tro cleoni 
............................................ $ 3389 
H E M P H IL L MCCOMBS 
FOR D SOUTHSIOE 
19o1 SW MUHoÍy 933-«1T 
•7 3 " u'ñ F oln''" M Írfk ' « V ," c 'iioc . 
B row n, ox c oilont c e nd. toa dod, 
S33-8So4 or 532MI« 4. 
‘74 
L inc oln 
M a rk 
IV . 
L e w m « eog« . $ 429$ . C all: 7 3 4 -« ll or 
4 5 H ib * ____________________________n r r - T r r r r r " 
‘73 l i nc ó l N m ar k iv, c toa n, : / 3 8 ‘‘ U i l M n l tunra e t, M uo, w h it« intertor, top. new radiois. 
S49So. 
494-4IS7; 
3244391 
■73 Lincoln M ark IV. B lock, w h ile viny i roof, xvh ite int. FuMv toadod. 
S49o8. 73S4971 

INSTANT CASH 

P a id on the spot fo r clean used cars an d trucks. S to p in fo r free 

 a p p r a is a l 

U SED C A R D E P A R T M E N T 
TOM BENSON,, 
CHEVROLET 

M entogoM X 
4797998 
________________ 
O ne ow ner "*7Í ' Morcur'v'!" P o r ^ t 

E N W #l£ 
''''C 
'W r T O T S T s T î ! 
BU D G ET R E N T A CAR-349-4443 
3M N.E. Loog 418 a t A irport B lvd. 
C < w i / i y Y t i L i = f f b f f t e l f y ~ao’: 
41,88o m ilos . “ T h o n i c e s t in tow n!” Rod a nd wh ilo. Coll 
D an 
Y ortrarough . 333-8411 
73 Custom C ruisor S tand W ag 9 p ost., toad. >188o 341 S473 gfl $ . 
‘73 Custom C ruisor W ogon, High mltoogo, m ok o otter 834-9731. 
‘73 C U +L A S S C O N V E R T IB L E , geld, 
S279S. 
F re d: 
343-2333; 
8344814. 

7$ 
P L Y M O U T H S 
11 3 95 . 
L IQ U ID A T IN G G R A N D F U R Y 
CITY C A R S. 4-D O O R S, F U L L Y 
L O A D E D ! 
N E W 
P A IN T , 
L IC EN SE. 83849S9 ______________ 
‘73 P ty m outh sta tion w^^^ 
V-f, auto, a ir. >149$ 433-3444, 433*344o 
‘74 k ly m outh V a lloni'« 'cy l, stoii- da r d w ith oi r , low m ite ogo. 
23S-3I81 ox t 393. osk tor Tom . 
‘47 Ip oi^ F ury llL ^ h oriiioib e x c oltont th rou gh ou t 54.ooo m i. 
>1o9$ 349-7943 

‘74 C h evv B la z e r. 4 w h i dr iv e , 
C h ey enne P k g L ooded 641-44o1. 
197? C h e v v C h e y e nne . S op e r looded! 834 9$ 4$ , 49$ -8o$ 4 

'49 F ord E conoitne Von M uti tell. 
Only $ 1395 S3« 2484 

49 tnle rh otiona l T ra ctor w ltk I I y a rd L utkin T rultor, 4» 5 9873. 
45 Inln'l L oad S ta r 14 H tiotb ed. 
‘77 license, V8. a 5 sod., $ 135o 
437 34oo. 
________________ 
‘76 J E E P i i-4. feodV , oirV roti b or, gun roc k 
14,ooo m i L ik e new. S4Ioo 69o 194/ 
J E e p " R i ' N K G A D E ' 1 f f 4 C I T 
3 tp d., p otit r oc k , h « a c le rt, FM 
8-lrock tlc re o, CB. Lev> inte rior a nd tap . D riv ing ligh it, m gq t, 
W3W, p ow e r 49^1933, 433 ;o43 
'■"l'Á RO i A is Ó R f h Í E N t L A f I 
M OD EL H EAV Y DUTY 
D IE S E L TR UCK TRACTORS 
HOFFFRTROeKCO 
I 798 JJ$ 4 
IN TER N A TIO N A L TRUCK 
SALES AND SER V IC E 
PO Box 411 HattC‘ttty U to,T x 
1973 LU V '/» ton p ic k up , look s good, r u n s good, good got m ile a ge , ta c tory oir, ov e r t i te d tire s, rac ing strip es. $ 1595 ($ 13) 
899 3441, w eek day s oft 4. 
OW NER op e r at or s 
3 a x le t r a c t or s a n d f la t b e d t r a i le r s tor S ta tow ide h a uling 
P lenty of troigh i, b ockh ouls. Full se ttte m e nl w e ek ly . O lder tru c k s oecep ted 934 /3 /3 ; 313 $ 894 
P ic k up tool box . 43” long $ 5o. 
G ood sh ap e, well built 143 9883 
P r i v a t e 
O w ne r , 
M ust 
S e ll, 
S ocritic« L a rge E auily , ‘74 F ord 
F35o, Club Cob, L oaded, 341 4/17 

‘74 Ch evy C h ey enne ton p ickup. 
G reen and w h ite. 54oo m i., auto., oir, p ow er, ra dio 8 Ply tire s. A rea l b a rga in a t 
$ 5ooo1 
Coll: 
681 3675 
19/5 C H E V Y C3o ton w ith c om oe r. F ully e q uip p e d E x tro clean!! 
C all. 
J e sus 
Z ap ata, 
333 8411 

‘74 F ord E 3— Cube Von, 12’ Box, oir, pow er steering, duo) w h eels, outo, low m ileage, 45S-9478 or 
735 3o91 
‘74 FO RD E1oÛ VAN, autom a tic , pow er. 4 cy linder. M usi sell! C oll. 
Steve B room ail 133*8411 
1973 F ord ElOO V an. L oa de d!! 
>24-9$ 4$ , 49$ Bo$ 4 

76 R A N C H E R O G T 
T ake ua ooy m onto. no equity , call 
C redit M anoger, 349 4948 
R A N C H ER O , ne a t ond cleon 
I975'/1,46o V8. loaded. 
3434 S W. M ilitary . 933 79o5, eves 

‘71 S tationw ogon. P ly . F ury Ml, 
3-seots, luggage ra c k , good cend 
By ow ner S9So. 4*4-1774 
742 m m 

 e x tr a s , ox c e itont, c ita n. 4 new radiolt, 
13388. 
M al. 
B row n 
4 ^ 2 99 _ _ _ _ _ _ 
_ _ _ _ 
)f72 itoíiiiey H iei ggi^J'oir'. sterei» , 
>139$ “ B oby D olí" 43S-Í441 _______ 
*7é C otalino. Olí p p w or, c le on In a nd out, m ust soü , b ost « ttor ovor 
>771. 337-58o3 
'■ ff€ afolinó M ué 4 6 r, tf r , pow er^ wlto’» c a r, 44Joo m iles, ex ceilenl cand, SI4So ttrm . M3-94I« . 
49 ¿ oiiiiina . ix c é ilonll'm e c h a 'n- 

1971 C h e v y C u s lom D e L u x e . 
Looded! 834-9545, « 95 8os4 
‘75 Ch evy C uslom Van, tra de for cor, 654 o94o 
‘75 Ch evv LUV cleon, low m ilos, oír, custom w h eels, « 5S-7772. 
‘74 Ch evv LWB oír, slond p ow er 
•28 6355, A tter 7 494-o3o3. 
‘73 C H E V Y M A X I VAN. 41495. 
COM 333-8153_____________________ _ 
’« $ CHEVY one ton with ov e rh e od w a lk - th r ou gh 
O p e n 
R ood 
C am p er Sleeps 4. R ebuilt engine. 
E x cellent condition. M any e x tra s . 
•38 3971 otter 4:3o P.M 
‘48 Ch evy P anel Von E x tro ctoon. 
4 cy l, std. B ert B orrero, 333-86U 
{ 75 Ch evv P ick up crew cob, dual 
I w h eeler, 4S4, c om p e r special, oir, 
I full pow er, ste re o, am lm lope, i 349 3o84 icot cend. P ow er sioorlng. 83,ooo m i. A sking >74o. 4S4-7448 ovos. 

*74 F i r e b i r d 35o, ou lo, r oil y i 
C h evy p ic k up , ov e rh a u le d w 4 e ts , a lr f e « e lle nf 
C orvette eng , $ 8oo 4$ 7.|o$ 4 
343-I728. 
‘7o C h evy p ick up $ 11oo. AMer S 
' 
' " ' 
■ 
' p.m . 673-6489. 
73RRERIRo 
--------------- 
C reom P utt condition! 342*883o. 
‘72 F ire b ird. E x cellent condition! 
L oaded 
828-63$ $ , 
A fter 
7 ; -494o3o3. 

1948 Ch evy pickup. >'4 ton, m ru n­ ning condition $ 3$ o « $ $ -9499; lOI 
Little Ook 

‘74 F i r e b i r d 
F u lly e q u ip p e d. 
AM-FM stereo. $ 46oo 341 1436 
197« F I R E B I R D . 
S3« *9$ 6$ , « 9$ -8o$ 4 
L ik e ne w 

9 4o o Son Ped ro 

73S'KSaY 

Y ÏX inc gi« T ow n iiör/$ r^ ^ 
O w ne r, l oa de d, e x c onont 
COWddtoO SMOO, 493-17o5. 

F irm a$ k tor Jim , 334-117« . 
‘7 Í M Ä ftk T v ^ le a iirM Í/'ix coitont condttton 4S3-7171. 
________________ 
73 M ork IV L oaded! E x c e lle nt 

’76 Silver M ark IV luiiy toodod, m oon r« o(, $ 18,ooo. 
« 56-8378 

‘76 C ou gor X R 7 . a i r , a m - tm , roos. $ 34-9551 Otter $ 15 
Twmm 

I ‘7^ C opri, outo, a ir, rodia t tire$ , 
I ex ceitont c a ro. >34-» ot9. 
I ‘73 c 'e m e t. 4 c y tin6 « r . « 89$ . 
93A 7333, 9 to 5 or $ 34-3584 S undoy . 
4 Ì '£om e ì s ioiion w a gon, 4 c y lindor, s ta nda r d, good tir os , m otor, rodio, h a e tor. 
$ 425. 
« 4-3788 
‘73 CeuiÑiir oir, iirawar E x coitont cendih oni 
828-MSS. 
A ltor 
7 - m ^ m . 

 conditton. Ton, ton Intorior, dork viny l tog. « 2 9$ 349-5181 484-487$ qftor 5: g.m . 
73 MARK iv,' tail« up p a y m e nts 
■ = 4 V " ^ u d¿ f:¿ if M te 'S T r m ; ' oin toi P en Motw 
; tom alic, p ow er, a ir, oil original, 
1 s ot to ogp roctate, >199$ . 453*o978, 
77 MARK V i C b U Ò A"r ''Vf73," c onsol« T "a u'IX , 
V e ry good r u nning c ondition t 
1 
S33SO, or b e st a ttor. individuai. 
349-3441 

'72 C ougor, XR-7 Brow n, am-tmT a i r , p ow or, gr oa t s h a p o, now tiros. >33o8, 341-1281 

‘71 CU TLA SS C O U PE , OUto, Otr, powor stooring, very nice, 3-tone, red-w nite. $ 1495. 
111$ BROADWAY________ 333-1549 
‘48 c u t L A is f doe r , gu te dir 
S79S- « 3 3444, 433 344o____________ 
‘« è ¿ utk iM Í'4 dr. re a l citem , nsiw fires, new tM ttory , $ 895 F irm . 
7 l4 -« 3 t___________________________ 
'is b uttoM , gra y w ith b iuf tondó ü l 
19,o88 m i. A M -FM S tore « top « . 
« ,948. « 3-839o. 
'7 Í ¿ u t l a t i . L oodof, e x c e lionf cond., now h ree . $ 38oo. 457 43« 9. 
7 3 C utia ss, ioodod, good c ondi­ tion, m utt sah , 4 9l - t l4 4 . _________ 
, ¿ utta ss S olan ’f« ! Ix coilanV eS n- 
I ddKto. « 4o8. 331-44» ovos. 
‘73 C uttess S ugram o C anvartib le, toodad. Ask MOHUOi 341-9433 
'74 Cuttô's» S up rem e 3 dr ttordttw , 
: law m i, a m top e deck , m any ex - tra . « 3 o o 1-42S-I8« 
I '77 C ultgs s S u p re m a , V-4, a tr , iste re a , 
6S3 2I48 

‘ 71 F I R E B IR D . L ooda di O ne ow ner 834-9$ « $ , 49$ -8oS4 

‘74 CHEVY PlC K U P^'tton, pow er steering, b rok es, a ir, clean. >31oo 
(1)93$ -3117 
‘73 C H E V V P IC K U P 'i t on , « slonoard, new p aint « 1 o o . Jim , 
441-4$ n 

’76 F O R D E-15o V A N 
, 
Toke up p ay m ents, no equity , coll 3H1o ih iu 
C redit M onqger. $ 49-4948 

’E7 RANGER S1o9S new tire s c h rom e w h eels 43$ . 1641 
SAN AN TO NIO TRUCKS 
SA LES B SER V IC E 
CM C, O lom ond-R eo, P e terb oilt 
441 4SI I 
SCHOOL H tgh w oy O iesel B uses 
LITOS 
33o1 NOGALI 
$ :w.47H 
'75 F ord F24o E x p lore r c a m p e r sp eclol By origina l ow ne r A ir,j >76 Siiverad'o AM FÌM siereo, low ou lo p ow e r . 
3 1,ooo m il e s ., m iteoge B est otte r 494 /3/1. 
C ab over c a m p e r F ully self c on­ ta ine d, including sh ow e r, ov e n,' tu r nó te , h ui w otar h e oie r. B ill, 
H udnall: 
233-o984, 
O tter 
9: 
« 84 374o 

74 S itv e r odo S u b u r b ont« ton, 
17,ooo m iles, fully loaded, S433o. 
« $ >-9478 or 715-3o91. 
*7« S ilverado T rolle r Spel. L oad­ ed, dual tonics, fib e rgla ss c a m p e r 
Sh ell. $ 48oo I-794 474I 

'/« F ord F ISO. S uper O toT teadid,'! 
,7 * 
V 'a lt' 

T . r '; ! T T *' 
« 
4V4o4 a « “ ? 7 ^®94*$ "^^^^^ 
' • otte r 4pm. 
----------------------------------------------T ok e O v e r P oy m e n ts on -74 
F O R D P I C K U P 
N o E q u i ty . 

‘7$ F ord FISO R anger, a ir, pow er 
838-43$ $ . A fter 7 • *496 o1o3. 

•74 F ord F-IIO V-8, outo, p ow er steerinq , b rak e s, factory oir. E x ­ cellent $ 399$ firm ' 824 $ 95$ 
74 FO RD G ron T orino Von, lood­ ed! 828*43$ $ , A fter 7. 494-o3o3 
•71 F ord LWB 
Ton, 39o V 8, oir, new tires, stondord, 149-8497. 
‘44 F ord pickup. New e n g, auto., 
$ 8oo a fte r 3 p.m . 6S3-o« $ 
A r . ; , -...ra 
------------ 
■7$ P or d P ic k u p R a nge r X L T , 
Loaded. O verload S prings, H eovy 
Duty S h ocks, P osi-T roc R ep rend. 
H e a da h e 
B a r , 
T ool 
B ox . 
512-443 $ 2o$ otte r 4pm 
'72 F ord P ic k up , r om p e r sh ell, electric b rak e s, good cond $ 19oo 
Cult « $ 4-3917 
72 F ord pick up '1 ton, auto, LWB 
3937 R oasovolt 
‘41 F ord pickup 
4$ 3Io87 ton $ 4oo Coil 

■43 C H EV Y P ic k u p , good Ira n 
Sportotion $ 39$ 324 441o 

) ‘7$ F ord p ick up , outom olic , 
I $ 225o-344-33oo. 342-46o$ 

223-o986, D ennis, 'nitos 656 4321 
■'77 % ■!■. C h ew T « dr ¿ r'e w C ob 
P ic k u p , S itv orodo, loa de d, $ lb 
W h e el a v a il . 14,ooo m i $ 49oo 
F irm . 494*1791; 492-194o 
‘76 T avolo P ic k up , 1,4oo m ile s, oir. 4 sp eed, lak e up p a y m e nts: 
$ 111 « 9 838-2883 
T R A IL E R : 18' tuit b e d. s ide s , dua l a x le s, b rok e s , h e a v y duty , h aul c ors, h e a v y equipt. etc, 
494-44H 
4 T ruck s. F7ooo w ith 17$ h p C ot 
D ie s e l e n gtn e , 14 a lu m inu m bodies with K W 3o T h erm oK ing unit» . E q uip p ed with m eat roils 
441-4411. 
TWO 1974 E O N O L IN E VANS, I w indow von; 1 ponol van Both 
4 ilondords $ 359$ . eo. 
7o5 SA LA M O 
334 9144 

‘71 F ire b ird, pow er, outo, oir. 
O w ner $ 189$ . 684-3193. 
‘49 F i r e b i r d 4 - s a e e d, H or s t sh ifter, new b ra k e s , b a tte ry , Itres and paint. M ust sell! 473-$ ll3 

‘73 CHEVY P ick up , custom cob, v Í '*>ton Iwb, tutly equip p ed, includes 
_ i outom otic, p ow er, oir. $ 189$ . 9o S 
Finoficing evoiiob le coll 334-441o 
‘7$ C H E V Y P IC K U P , tok e UP poy m ents, coll 934-4471 

‘72 FO RD P ickup F 35o, S ton, « 
SP $ 149$ 1-42$ o48« 
77 F ord P ick U p lully looded, 
$ S7M, « 41-4354 or 453-o749 

‘74 F ira b irc d, F orm ula ISO auto, 
P ow er,ateering, b rok e t, 
Windows iocks, om -fm tap e , 4o sé rié s lire s, h onov c om b m ogs. 17,ooo m ile s, 
SS395 494-357$ 

'74 FO RD R anch ero GT. a ir, auto, 
351 VS. c r u is o c ontr ol, e ow e r steering, b ra k e s . Will tinonce, coll 
B ubba 349*4593 

VANS B oy Sell T rode 
4831 S F lores 
933 4311 
VANS 
'73 FO R D C lub W agon, p ow er, o t r ..................................................... $ 345o 
‘71 DODGE « s td 
........... $ 149$ . 
‘73 FO RO S up er 4 s id ............. S31$ é 
( « 831 S F L O R E S 
9354211 

I '74 G rand P rix , AM FM , lope. all 
: oow er ond a ir. 
Cali 
M onuei 
1341-9433 
__________ 

‘74 Chevy p ick u p C usto m n o . 4 ¡ 
.1 
* » 4 rW .u w r r i ”», fnt. 
I.ou to., new pom i A» Is $ 185o ' ‘73 FO R D R onch erà, oir, p ow er, y 
« lu r in n 
Ufi. 
« “O' W h e e le r, I lo n c o m p e r 
« 7 $ 71$ ; 4S4-4C4o 
Ste e rin g, a m lm s te re o, « oo V8, 
74 C h evy p lc k up U tility b ody , ' gir, good tire s, good sh ap e. $ 389$ 
73$ *7344, S33-2o7« 

54,l9$-«tt«r-tr<Kta. 

'« 9 G ra nd P r ix , 1 ow ne r, m a g w h eels 
SHOO 
A fter 
4:3o 
PM 
« 84-S$ $ 7 
___ 
‘73 G rond P rix S J , 4$ $ HO All 
P ow er, ex ceilenl condition, $ 35o6. 
454-8783. 

-48 C h e v y p ic k u p 
L W B . 337. 
Stondord, h e ode rs. 734 o618 eves. 
'7o Ch evy pick up '■! ten 1 O w ner. 
VS, outo., p ow e r s te e r ing, oir, ex cellent $ 147$ 453 3373 

‘74 F ord R anch ero, GT lully lood­ ed, om -tm 8 trock ex cellent cond. w ork, 343-128$ , h om e, 493 2$ 9o. 
'74 FO R D R anger XLT, oir, outo 
$ 389$ . 935717« 

'74 GRAN P R IX , block on b l oc k ,' low m tleoge. 932-373« 
‘74 G ran P rix , by ow ner. L aodedl 
838-435$ , A fter 7 -494-o3o3. 
*7» Grion P rix 
L ooded, AM-f^M 
» tereo. E x tra c le on) S h ow roam 

‘74 C h evy Picfc-U a 4S4 e ngine , sh ort w h eel b a se, om -tm 8 tra c k , litt w h eel, oir, p ow er, 
$ 34oo. 
344-3914. 

'77 F ord R a nge r XLT F ISO, oil oow er, a ir, utttity tool box . 4,ooo m iles 73$ 1593 

'7$ C H E V Y S c ots dole P ic k u p , looded, dua l tonk s , loot b ox os, roe gos $ 419$ . 724-o291 

'7$ F ord R ange r, loaded 
. $ 427$ 
'74 Ch evy V-8, stand, oir 
. $ 347$ 
'7o F ord « sta nd SW b 
. . . . $ 147$ 
2o7 New L oredo Hw-924 2311 
F ords-C h evy s, 3-3'1 Ton» 
31o1 NOGALITOS 
$ 34-4711 

73 £u tia » s i u p r e m e r V e w a e r i contotton, fjSSO 494 6484 
‘M X a u gö r % m ï , tuiiy t oa dod ¡tally 1 p ow e r t e a t» , » u nroot, A M -F M isool $ 379$ . I4I-39II storoe tope 17,8o8 m i , » » erm ottet ; Cuttos* S up rom e ‘7 Ì looctotf, ex- oir, h oot. C ruisa m a tic , a x c allent 
,.*« *« 1 go» m itoag« 

P a rta c i caitd. M ust i G ra n P rix , ‘74. I4,$ o8 m ito» . E x ceilent $ 48o« 343-44o2 
______ 

‘77 C h evv S itverodo. SWB, a ir. VI, 
» td AM-FM, reg. go» . $ $ 39$ A fter ; 
$; 494-3433. 
________________________ j 
‘74 CH EVY 4 S t o n d o r d oic k u p . < 
13,o8o m i $ 339$ 334-o291 
; 

'74 F ord S uper Cob, r e gu la r go» , 
V -l, p ow e r » l e e r in g, p ow e r b r a k e » , oi r , ne w t i r e s , line d c om p e r th ell, 38,ooo m ile» , $ 48o« 
4 7 5 1 114 evenine 737 4743 

 cond. >4«««. M u tt ta lli 343-4749 
‘76 iCaugôr XR-7T L o a d e d r T o k e over poym ont» or $$o«C 534-1437 

‘7$ C aliga r XR -7 law m ik M ga , tai" ly toodad 
S4«ou, 
661-4354 ar 
6S5«749. 

M aan ra ol, q u a dra s a nic om -tm ste ra o lop« dock, cruise c e ntra l, 
6o-4o pow er soott, tilt wh ool, roor w indow de toggor, oil p ow or op- j -~i-- 
---------------— 3—j - r r T fy s— r lion*) 9,ooo ml. M ott SoHi $ 13,5oo. i 
C ou gor, loa de d, 'S*bOO m i. ; 
I 459 1937, 4S9-193I 
' $ 45oo will troda. 4$ 53U 3. 

‘74 COUGAR XR7, silv o., m oroon, loa de d. I4.8M m i. tm m a c u ia te ts,o« 6. or bo» t otte r. 933-955« 
'7 4 c é û « a r ~ ^ R - 7 , » p ill p ow e r 
» eoi» , p ow er w indow s, a m -fm 8 troc k C fuite control, coti 344-97o4. 

IHI HUMBik TO CAll 
IS 72$ 1666 
IXPKfSS AND m w s 

¡4551372 

 lair. 43,8«8 n»i. >358« 494-«3f 
I tT ooÏÎc ii, 44^88« octùoï mi. Like 
WOW >1495. 836-3543 
‘7o Dotta iè riM.ÎMÏë dctiioi mlloï 
Lik« wow. Com . 8353543. 
'75 b«liâ"'RoÏMÏÏ«'. Fuiïv iooded. 
Priced to teilt $3395 828-34o4 

73 Oron Prix I owner, iill, A M !‘J'l Chevy Suborbon, very ctoon. 
5197$. 
F M w e l l molniolned Must seiii j tet* o extra., oquipped tor puUmg 
' 2 7 7 . S W 1 . # 7 7 -o7/ 14 trovH trailer all pawtr 333-o984. 
‘74 G RAN P R IX 
, Take up payments, coll 934-4471 
____ 
'71 LeMons Sport, 3dr, outo, powoi, oir, t owner $135o 495 9357 

*74 Chevy Suburban Cheyenne 
Super 454, air front ond roor. Full powor. heovy duty $39oo 838-444o 

'47 FORDT<ton 
$7oo 334-o291 

 tpeciol. toodad, Del Rto. I 77$ 9S2I 
774-33o3 
WANTED. OLDER PICKUP 
« 9o-1o33 
'51 W ILLYS jE E ff 4 wtïëëï dr“. toCkOUt hubs $145o 838 «o33 
’^ W ÍL L Y S JEE'p ! 4 wb. drive, 
£¡L>ii¿2LJ£¿¡S¡iíiS¡íSL¿S!!Lmmmim 
74l-Mni»IC¥CU8SCooT»S 
Being Iransterred. MUST SELLI 
•7$ Loverdo 7$o SF. 3,ooo mi., many extros. Will accept ony reosonabie otter. 433-43o8 
‘73 6SA 4$o Chopper with troiler, 
SI3oo 448-3$53, 445o331 
•47 BSA 4So Hornet. Clastic, stock 
$,ooo mitos $1ooo 493-1495 
Buitoco, 33o cc Pursang dirt bike, 
$395 firm. 349-4488- 

'77 Ford 'T ton, 4 cyi stick shift, short bod, Stepsido SU9$ 433-3444, 
413 344o 

'74 buitoco 3So Pursang. Excel- tonl cond., oxlros. 
343 4447; 
342-7$»$. 

■74 Detto Royola, loaded. $3ooo. 
! 499-o831 
1974 DELTA 'M TÒWN sèo'ÂW. 
New tires, vinyl top. Cruise con- tioi AM-FM White with blue top. 
Co't Mike Nunes, 457-1988 

‘71 LeMons Sport Coupe Vinyl root, oulo., $335o Doug Smith: 
Kirbv Bonk, 44I-417« __________ 
•73 Luxury LeMons 4o,ooo miles, i 
1-owner 
83S-«3$5. 
After 
7:-494-o3o3 __________________ 
MUST 
S E L L ! 
‘74 
Luxury 
LeMons. Auto., oir, power, bucket teols Green, erecn vinyl too 
5315o or best otter 433 43o8 

'74 Chevy Suburban. 4,ooo miles, 
$74oo or best otter 833 oo17 ott. $ 
'63 CHEVY 1<'3 fon Flolbed, V8 ‘ 
134oo Bobcock ot Housmon Rd. j 
‘75 Chevy”Ì"ton tiigh cube Van ' 
Air, outo., duois, low mite*. Ideai tor Motor Home conversion or business. Coll: 494 1398 pntr r T gogw A W i i s ---------- 
IN IHt IXPKtSS N(W3 
CAll 22$ 1666 

'54 Ford l'q fon flatbed with power toke-ott plus 145o gol. removable water tank. $toOo. 
448-13oo ___________________ 
'l97$’Ford' ’-4 ton, fuUv tended. 
834 954$, «9$'8o$4 
-73 FORD ' > TON $129$ 
LW 48o3 S FLORES 

BU Y IN G 
U SED 
M O T O R CY CLES! Pay cosh. 
Celt: 441-3313. _______________ 
•73 ¿HEROK E E ARROW, $Ís,33Ío' 
Pronk Adorns, 459 1968 
Completeiy chopped Triumph 65o 
$79$ or best otter 934-1754 

■;$ Ford T* Ion 4-spd, oír, power, duo! tanks. Ftbergloss camper sheit $39oo 1 794 4743 txpiii$$ and n iw $ 

Cycle Time Out Troiler Camper, good cand. $$3$. CycM Troilor tor 
1 bike, $5o Cycle Sound. $4o 
I S37-4S74 after 
$, anytime wkendt. 
‘7$ HARLEY DAVIDSON 
SX 35o, $57$. 834-431$ 

 p< 

I 

I 

 k - T R U I M E ñ milfRS. BUSES 

San Antonio E X P R E S S - N E W S — Saturday M a y 28 19 77 

Î4S 

TBAIIEBS BUSES 
T R « I SOMMEBSIAl 
746 - 

TBAIIEBS BUSES 
C O M M E R ^ r746 • TRUCKS & COMMERCIAL 

TRAILERS J O S E S 
746- TRUCKS S COMMERCIAL 

TRAILERS J U S E S 
746 * IRTO I eWÉRCIAl 746 • IWIS I COMMIICIM. 746 • T ^ 
1 CWMERCia 746*TR1oISIOTIIIICIAl 
TRAILERS BUSES lillfS niiinf mm 
Ttiuat m t 

GOOD TIMES VAN HEADQUARTERS FOR DODJSE, FORD A CHEVROLET!^ 

TEC FAMILY VAN 
’¡Sfs 

Now you con go anytime and anyplace when you own a TEC 
FAMILY 
VAN. 
Explore f scenic by-ways, visit fa- mous landmarks, w 'W*. 
--vor night 
»ad side 

HEMPHILL McCOMBS l iiB ilM fi 

 scenic by-ways, vlsi _ mous landmarks, sleep OV4 at a road park or beach, etc. Come in and let us show you what living is really like. 

1 o 1 o S A N R E D R O « 2 2 2 - 8 8 68 
Atrast from 
McCombs Mobi Storol 

HEMPHILL McCOMBS 

V A N S * 
G O O D TIM£ S V A N 

 fh m porfGct vcsn for th« young of hoort on Hie rood or off tfie rood. Turn on your fovorite music In stereo wWle sipping o cold one in your mobile apart­ ment. Come in and see the selection of 
17 different models and floor plans. 

6o M O N T H S F I N A N C E « 

1 o 1 o S A N P E D R O « 2 2 2 - 8 8 68 
Aerosi from Hsmphili McCombs Mom Store! 

Van Equipped Wlths automatic trans­ mission, V-8, power steering, brakes, passenger and driver seat, mag wheels, wide ovals, side pipes. 

STARTER 
VAN «5988 

MERRY 
MIIER 
CAMPER VANS 

Save Gas! 
Double your fun 

Sleeps four adults 

OR » 1 2 9 
. 7 4 MONTHLY 
HEMPHILL McCOMBS l i l B IM D 

With 1K)% 
M ts Toi, TMo, U c m e « mI 
OoalorPro|i. 

1 o 1 o S A N P E D R O e 2 2 2 - 8 8 68 
Aaoss from Homphill McCombs Mom Storol 
Bonanza 7 7 SPECIAL 
FREE!! 

W IN N E B A G O C U S T O M 
F IB E R G L A S S C A M P E R C O V E R 
* 
OR 
F A R G O C O L O R K E Y E D 
F IB E R G L A S S C A M P E R 
(YOUR CHOICE) 

SUPER M EM O RIAL W EEKEND 
SPECIAL 

FA R G O 
W IN N E B A G O 
SHORT WHEEL BASE FLEETSIDE 

Brakes ♦ 35o 4 BBl Ingine ★ Turbo Hydra Transmisson ★ Tilt Steering Vfhee! ★ Power Steering ★ Metal Wheel 
Covers ★ llectric Clock ★ Windshield Antenna ★ Chromed Grill ★ G78-15/B This. Hwy. Belted Whitewalls, 

LIST PRICE $6536.25 

USS BONANZA DISCOUNT: $772.25 
__________________ 
_ . 
• Prices of other trucks In stock, va ry according to o p t io n a l e q u ip m e n t. 

LO NG WHEEL BASE PICKUPS IN STOCK 
SALE PRICE: *5764* 

> 

X 
I 

 t f o 
U t 

^ POWER 
•k AIR CONDITION 
★ AUTOMATIC k CRUISE k TINTED GLASS 

« 

Cha let interio r is surprising ly spa cio us. 

 i^oiivtrtib le seat/buiikH tan pro\iiTt‘ sfatiiig for fo u r aiiutth aiifl sleeping aeeoni m odal ions for two. A dem oniitable <li- iielle lable w ith am ple leg room filH between the neats, rite galley in etpiipped w ith a ntaiiilenn nleel niiik, faneet and drain, two-bnriier U H r ntttve an well an an iee l»ox and npiee ra<*k. A 5-galloii w ater lank and two room y nlttrage eabi- neln are aino niipplied. 

C o m b in e s th e to u g h n e ss o f a t-w h eel-flrive 
C h e % y 
B la z e r w ith th e v e rs a tility o f a e o n ip le te e a n ip e r u n it. 
A npeeial iiiteraxle dif- 
Lereiitial allow s the nynteiii to rem ain in 4-wheel d rive lio lh on and o ff the road. 
('a n ip e r and 
Blazer are rigidly bolted logetlier for nlreiiglh. 

TAKI OVER 
PAYMENTS 
AND ASSUMI AAUUNCf 
12 other trucks to chooso from. Most I power, fo rtkillitt 
77 Ford with I 

 air and 

$5417 
76 Ford XLT 4x4 
$5991 
76 Bronco 4-whMÌ 
èive 
76 
IM ) 
GoodTii famdy Von 

$4997 

76 Jeep 

MikoCellini 
3 2 2 -B 8 6 B 
M H O Sm fw A o 

Yo u’ll be a ma zed a t the interesting jo bs o ffered in to da y 's 
Wa nt Ads! 
Call 225-1666 

Ufxur y items too! 

SEE US TODAY 
MERRY MILIR 
NORTH STAR 
DoD6E 
724 2 Sa n Pedro 
341-2251 

C m iH R H M IL E R S 

 m 
.- 

A N C I R A ^ 4 a r W I N T O N 

437 N. Flores • 225-5333 
ANCISIA 
WINTON 
N. FLORES 
. 
AT M ARTIN 
2 2 5-53 3 3 

Traveling and cximping are tun The 197 7 Hi-Lo tele­ scoping travel trailer is desigried for fun It is easy to 

 beat the high cost 

/ i on gas and easy 
• 1 '^ V 1 1 l y on you Corrre in and let us 
F U N ! 

THE FABULOUS CHALET 

TH E BUVZER 
YOU CAN LIVE IN. 

’ 2 16“ 
* 

 i 
H 

oo 

,6 6* 
MO. 

BASED ON 6o MONTHS 
. 
$1 O o 9 o 
AT 1o.9 7 APR WITH 
UjJl 
I 
$995.oo DOWN AND 
SlflAAfOO 
QUALIFIED CREDIT 
NOW: 
I o,995 

TOUR IT TODAY ATi 
Tom Benson m m m m 

á 

11 
I 

LOOP 41o Af SAN PIDRO. 
SNOI irROOMNOURi;7 A.M..9 P.M .M DNDAYAM AT 

♦ 7 A . l i . J P . i B . 8 â W N » A T 
4 4 I »44 I 1 

748 IWflTflRCYCLES-SeflflTEBS 

H A R L E Y O AVIO SO N Eiectroa- llde. ‘«7. Police Special Edition, full dress, many extras. S247S. 
7 U W S____________ _ 
'74 H arley Davidson ElectroG - lide, less tho 21oo miles. Like new. l-a2$-as67. New New Braunfels 
(eves). 
______________________ lairrH o n d a 2So-AC. Pu ll dress 
Low miles, l-owner. $)o5o 342-72IS 
'74 Hondo, 3B-3Ao, low mi. Good cond. En gin e overtrouled, tiei- i mets. leaving town, m ust sell, i SOSO. »23-23o7 
___________________ 
I ‘73 HONDA 3So, call Alan Smith 
' 424-Ho8_____________________ 
‘74 HONDA CB, S.46S mi. loaded. like new $147$ «4-7o17 
•75 HONDA CB 3iOT 
$75o 824-692o 
________ 
•74 Honda, C8-3aO with extras, exceilent $725 826-4447 gtt. 4pm 
‘75 Honda 55o, 4 cylinder, like new condition. $neo. asa-i77o. 
_________ 
75 Hondo 55o 4 cylinder, like new condrtion. $Uoo. 654-177o. 
_________ 
73 Hondo 35o- Excellent cond., with extras. 12,ooo miles. $6oo. 
342-35*7 otter 5 p.m. 
•76 Honda G L IOOO. P e rfe c t, showroom condition. 34oo mi., lug. rock, extras. $27oo. 681 3214. 
'75 Hondo 75o. Low mileage, good condition. $145o. 432-o565. _________ 
Hondo 75o, 4,ooo mi. extra ports. 
$11oo or best otter 162o-2833 
•74 Honda MT-2So Elsinore, hel­ met. good cond $45o 824-4o4o 
75o Hondo. New engine, new fires. 
$11oo. Coll: t-537-4422. __________ 
HONDA O F SAN ANTONIO 
57o8 MOBUO _____________ 684-3682 
75 HONDA 75o Super Sport, im- 
_ 
W Ä 5 * 
748-MOTOiGYCLtSgCMTEBS 

•76 HONDA Super Sport, t-owner coll *22-2724 

 ojil 3o w t. 

■ 4 
' 7 
’ i r 
' 
4 
9 
‘ 
PER QUART i I 
PER QUART 
(BY THE CA$£}| | 
(SEPARATELY) 

VALVOLINE 
S A L E ! ! ! 

 show you how economical 
It Is to have fun In a new Hi-Lo 
H I-L U 

^ 
O P IN THIS SU N D A Y M A Y 2 9 T H ^ 

M O M : 1: P .M . to 8 : P .M . 
1 
' 
D IY A n D liU U » T itx i/» 

THURSDAY-MONDAY 

R*r Qwort i 
, fiy Tk. C « *) j 

7 ä 6 ~ 2 8 8 l 
1435 CULEBRA 

To i l f il t e r sI 
1 $1 9 9 
I i 
I 
£Ae I 
I 
______ 
I 
1 
I 

OPIMTHIS 
FROM: 
ROADRUNNER TRAVEL TRâllER 
493o RIGSBY 
648-oo6o 

I 
C H fV Y -T O R B 

¡ (FOR MOST CARS) j 

 i______ __________________ 
I 

AIR CONDITIONER 
SALE! 

Beat the Heat this year 
With Air Conditioning for 
YOUR RV 

11,ooo BTU-DUO-THIRM 
Air Conditioners 
$3 75 . 

13,Soo BTU DUO-THERM 
Air Conditioners 
$39 5 . 

INSTALLATION AVAILABLE 
AT NOMINAL FEE 

TRAVELTOWN 

TEXAS, INC. 
96 oo IH3 5 
653 -6 7 11 
Across from Howard Johnson's 
Open weekdays 9 til dark 
9-6 Sot.j l-S Sundoys. 

•72 Honda Trail Bike, 7occ, $125. 
623:2446 
Hondo 75o. Windiammer III. Cali 
Al: helore 5, 6*o-748o; after S. 
6** o853. 
1*74 Honda X L 35o, good condi- tion, only 11,ooo mi. $55o. 434-o384. 
■74 Hondo, XL-1oo, good condition, 
$2oo, with helmet. 6*6-5o62 

!7S Harley SX 25o *oo miles. $575. 
673-76o1. 
JO E H ARRISO N HONDA 
Sales-Service-Ports 
*71o IH-35 NO. 
656 *4oo 
’74 Kawasaki. l2Scc. On-Off Road, excellent condition. $3oo. 822-7*42 

‘73 suxuki 4M TM. New engine. 
$6oo or Pest offer 4*4-1382 
•74 Triumph Bonneville 7$occ. ‘75 
Con A m ; 2Socc, ‘74 Suzuki TS 
25oCC, *73 Su zuki T M 4oo. 
$2oo.$12oo. 82»-o4*t oft. 5 «26-o71». 
‘7o TRIU M PH 65o Chopper 
Extended fork, new engine, H ar­ ley rear-end, hordtall, king- aueen 
»eat, a ll chrom e, black m etal flake. Looks great! runt great! 
$12oo or best offer, w eekday*; 
342-52o1, 732-4175 Sot-Sun. ________ 
Unioue ‘72 45o cc Oucatl Desmo like new $475.122-54o1 
72 Y am a h a 35o 
$55o. C a li; 
734-2551 or 732-4o*o. 

•73 Kowasoki, F 7, I7SC C, e x c e l leni condition $3oo 532 2551 
•76 Kawasaki KD-IOOM. Excellent condition. Cali: 696-2o68 
•73 Kowasoki three ■ 35oCC, good condition, strong, 828-7212________ 
'75 KAW 4oo, Excellent Cond. with helmets, $725. 653-4822. 

'73 Yamoho. SMcc, windlommer faring, completely custom polnt- i ed, must see I« appreciate, must 
I seM, boby on the woyi 124-7115. 
‘77 vdmaha Too, 3,ooo totai miles, 
; street legal for IS yr eld, excel- 
I lent, $475 
Of belt offer. 822-36M. 
* l*7Í Voinaha Y2-125 Moro)C. Like new, M UST S E L L I 455-275o. 

Like new ‘75 KX-2SoA Kawoiaki, 
•72 125 Puch, wilh 3 bike trailer, oil for $1ooo. 653-2o27 
1*74 MAICO 45o, uied leis than SO hrs $75o. 34»-7584, 677 813o 
M o to rc y c le ; Su per G lid e , -74 limited edition, mony extras, low miiei 4*4-6421 

7a-iiiMnQ-MiTot.imciiL 
TMimi.MTMI!tClt> 

¿U Y JU N K CARS, E T C ." '" " 

Motorcycle Iroiler with 3 rails in good condition 621-2251 
Norton SSOcc - 1*73 only 4,ooo miles excellent condition. 51495 wiil borgain, otter 6pm *22-784o 

•74 Nonon «.ommando 85o, exceV lent condition. 6*»-M25. 
73 Norton 
C uitom ch rom è and enpino work, mikuni corbs, mop front wftooi, stock headers, needs some work, $75o. Wtndiom- mer, gas tank, original corbs and 
3 aoats ofso for sole. 664-2612 oner 
6pm 

F R E E P IC K U P 
; «27-2711 ________ After 5: 633-2o3o 
(»UIKFIIISTII 
LOST T IT LE S NO P R O B L E M 
TOP CASH for JU N K CARS 
_____________ »23-4422_____________ 
Cosh"for Cleon cars and truck*. 
Lorry Connon Auto Solo* 
5*3o Son Pedro 
*31-6355 

 f O * TMÜ » A S T tS t B ( S U i ; S 
O N A W A N T AO 
THf N U M H i e Ì O C A ll 
IS 2 75 I 6oo f X P S E S S AN O N t W S 

TMt A C TIO N N U M S fS 
7o8 fA ST K tS U lT S 
P IA C I TO U S w a n t AO 
IN TMt ( X P k lS S N tW $ 
C Ä U 2 2 5 1 o 66 

7o 8 TNI » A S T fS r 8 IS U IT S 
O N A W A N T AO 
TH( N U M 8 t8 TO C A ll 
IS 225-166o f X P S t S S AN O N 7W S 

„ 
S Á i i Á Ñ T 5 Ñ r a T 7C L É ™ , 
' KAW ASAKI Soles, Service, Parts 
" s â l I T 

313 NAKOMA 
4*4-5254 
•75 Suzuki GT 5oo with extras, excetleni condition, buying a big ger cycle. 655-2127 _______________ 

CASH FO R YOUR O L D E R CAR. 
________CA LL: 654-o*4o r iiu Y JU N K CARS 
TOWING S E R V IC E 433-328« 
• OOiCKC/lSH« 
CARS AND TRU C K S 
RU N N IN G OR NOT! 226-2245 
S E L L IN G YO UR C A R ? 
Hi-pricos paid for clean cor*- 
Truck», etc 222-1342 

C A ll 225- 1666 

TOP D O LLA R ! 
JU N K CARS, TRUCKS, SCRAP. 
C A LL 342-51o1 

7 
« l - N 
M e 
- « 
I T 
I I S 
. I 8 
V 
G 
I I S 
, 

T 
I U 
U l E 
» 
S 
. M 
O 
T 
O 
I I C y 
G l E 
S 

: T IR ES ; Now Car Take Offs, GR 
1 78x15 H R, 78x15 StOOl Rodlols, 
Mounted, and balanced, $235 for four. 684-5o33. 

U 
S 
E 
D 
C 
A 
R 
S 
- C 
L 
E 
A 
M 

S 
M 
T 
H 
C 
W 
V 
I I O i n 
1221 BRO AD W AY 
223-43«3 

1*72 Vepo Hatchback, factory oír, 
Good tiros. Auto, sligh t body dents. Motor noods rebuilding. 
Soil “ o* IS” $325 4S5-184* 
‘74, X J4 engine and trans. 32,ooo original ml. Offer *57-322* 

W i B n 
J i n k 
C i n 
- 
T n i c 
I a 
YOU CALL-Wfi H A U L 
1 $33-o541 
932-o4oo 

7 
§ 
8 
* 
M 
R i M f T a 
P i « l $ 
. 

 i 
W E B U Y U SED CARS 
O R SIN G ER 8 UIC K CO 
4515 SAN P ED R O 
734-4231 

ALAM O F L Y E R S , INC. 
“ YO UR P IP E R D E A L E R ’* 
841! MISSION RD 
*22-1328 

W E W ANT TO B U Y 
GOOD Cloan Cors-Trucks 
CESSN A 177 
CoH John Heck, 4S9-1968 i 
Cali *24-4671 
1 ‘76 Cessna Skyhawk If. 1-686-7443; 

! (i) ANSON M A ^S with tiros, $5o 
6*<MI346 

 j offer 4, 1-487-1284. 

1 
‘76 CESSN A TURBO Station Air 
IF R equipped, investm ent tax 
; credit available. 
Tremendous savings. 
•6« BUICK Riviera Wrecking for pans. 533-93o5. 
MC C R E E R Y AVIATIO N 
MC 
A L LE N , 
TX. 
512-686-1774 

C EN TR A L T IR E CO. 
9A4 be:8 dkfc^Bard? xsrow e”Axero 
•74 C H E R O K E E A R C H E R 18# 
C A LL 512-823-3o*1 
/Oi H. 
F L O R E S 
124-S473 
C H E R Ò K R E ISO 
Com Frank Adorns, 45*-l*«8 
M) Chfvy tires cmd rims, S holt. 

1* I S , S4w. 
C H ERO k I e 14o 
Can John Hock, 45*-l94t 
Complete std. Irons, for ‘73 Ford 
; von. Very good cond. $15o or bo$t 
< offer. *23-o33o onytime. 
C H E R O K E E 21$ 
Coll Frank Adorns, 459-I96I 
' 4 G7Vt $ Steel radials, used 14,ooo 
1 mi. $6o, or bost o tter. 435-4247 

1 
.......... 
........, 

FO R S A L E "■ ....... 
1*75 Grumman Trovoior 
1*76 Grumman Chootoh 
1*5* Aero Commander 5oo 
1*66 Chorokoe-Six 
Wost Air Park 
433-7751 or 674-3»3o 

: 3*e Nigh Porformanco Engine, AM 
Racing Eau ip m ent, Plu s H ays 
Clutch, ond Beli-Housing. T79-3792 
Lo Vermo, Coll att. *pm. 
, Hooker headers. New, for ‘*7 thru i 
' -6* Oort 383, 44o, or Cuda. Slicks. 1 
13' xl5'‘, bosi offer. 337-8148. 

•65 
M O O N E Y , 
Pofl iFR.V4ownership available. Tom 
Sullivon, *25-34o3 ; 674-5314 
6*’ 35o Motor With Turbo Trans- ^ mission, also good front end and good 283 mofor. *22-3838. i 

•47 PA 38-14o, 4-seals, dual NAC- 
V O M ’S 3 Im b, AT-SO X P D R , 
EGT-ELT wheti pants, now tiros. 
N E E D E D : Complete Front End for A '71 Pontiac Gron Prix. 
433-75*8. 

 originol exterior, interior very nice, no damage history, fresh annual. $745o. 424-2141 d o ys; 
(l)76*-37*2 ovos. 
1 
New heods, lifte rs , co m , 35o 
Cnevrolet rebuilt short block oiso, all $5oo Cali Eddie, 494-3*64 
P IP E R S U P E R C R U IS E R 
' j 
Coll John Heck, 659-1968 

'66 Peugot engine ond transm is­ sion, oport. Com 824-o385 off ipm 
O N A W A N T AO i 
T84I Ktá 1MM1 « YO /‘Alt 
' 
Q UALITY E N G IN E S A P A R T S 
FARG O SA LV A G E 
^ 
427 27)1 
*33-7o3o AMer 5; 

• riE nownnoKK i*,/ LAIL 
¡ 
15 225-1666 
! 
IXPei55 AN D N f W 5 
| 

7S8 -AIRCRAFT services. 

SIARCRAFT 
PREMIER! 

S ta r c r a f t’s n aW ‘ a c o n o m y -m in d e « 
T rav e l S ta r tra v e l tr a ile r s Jo in tb a g r e a t lin e o f lu x u ry tra v e l tr a ile r s . 

CESSNA 
PILOT CENTER 
PRIVATf, 
COMMfRCIAl, 
W 
STRUMINT, MUITI-ENGINE, FLIGHT 
INSTRUCTOR, FLIGHT INSTRUCTOR instrument t MULTI. 
V.A APPROVED 
For Qualified Vets 
METRIC AIR 
STINSON MUNICIPAL 
AIRPORT 
92 4 -73 75 

•7 3 S K Y LA N E, only 4oo hours TT 
Sin ce now. Now po in t, tiro s. 
Tran sp on d er. L e a th e r seat*. 
Fresh annual. 124,9oo. Call Bob 
R o b e rts, H a rlin g e n , Tex as. 
St2-42»o*»7, mtos $12-541.4o52 
7 . 
TW iV 3 s¥ ld i«A »ijiA ” 
o "iY ijOOg hr*. TT Since new. New paint, by downtown A ir Park. Full 
King IF R with O M E . M any ex 
Iras. tSO,tOO. Bob Roberts.Horltn 

WI-OI«ftBIMKflB 

A3 Airstroam Bombi iT T ïîîîy w ff 

 a r i s t o c r a t Trovoi Trollor* 
The c h o ic e of th e Q u a lity buyer 
_ R A H M B ER O R V C E N T E R 
2271 AUSTIN HW Y. 
*55-o251 
BLANKO PRO D U C TS 
NOMAO-RED O A LE-JA YC O 
41o ol Broodwoy o24-2*81 
Cob-Over Camper unit. Sleeps 4. 
$4oo o r u tter. 44«-3525, 648-o866. 
‘75 Cornei, pop-up, tent camper, iteeps 4, stove, ice box. table woter hook-up, $135o 6o4-7335 

 t Ä S « . 
" " " *""■ ooerorwsr mw%- «I8»UIW«1SU 
LW B Pickup.344-o423 

TRAVELER’S WORLD 
2617 Roosevelt 
532-6o61 
AVION 
Trayel Troilers - Motor Homes 
Trade>in Bargains 

77 BONANZA 2o* .,. $495o 
77 BONANZA 24’ ... $578o 
72 TERRY 26’........... $55oo 
76 AVION M ini ................. 
66VOlUNmR 16... $15oo 

CLO SE OUT SA LE 1*74 
Camping-Travol Trailers $3*6 up 
KC Trollofs 71o West Avo 73S-393I 
'71 Coiemon comp traitor, sloeas 
6, $«oo- moke oWor 6o4-7o7o 
*73 2oft Mobile Seoul, oxceilont, awning, mony extros 455-7«o*. 
1*74 22 ft. Monitor Travel Trailer. 
Fully self-contained, sleeps 7, air. 
Must sell S345o. $32-16*1 
H A R P E R MOTOR CO 
C A M PER LA N O 
S A L ES and S E R V IC E for 
T E R R Y , T A U R U S , T W IL IG H T 
BUN GALO W Travel Troilers and 
5Th Wheels 
24o1 S.W. Military *24-5514 
M ri: Mon-Frl. »-6, Sun. 1:3o-6 
2*’ Holiday Ram bler, new cost 
SI2,ooo. 1*76 Chevy Sllverod e, com per package, reese hitch, 
Nter glass top. $6,3oo now. AM for 
$♦,4oo. 655-So76. 

^ h o l io a y “ ' S a j;a b l e r 
Sth 
Estate 
32’. Loaded ........ $*5o o 
TRA VELTO W N TEX A S. *53-6711 

Travel Star 18o 

1 !" 

I 
S a a all th a 
' 
1 9 7 7S ta rc ra ft 
’travel trailers at. 

OPIN THB SUN. MAY 29m 
FROM: liPJLto BiPJI. 
ROADRUNNER 
TRAVEL TRAILER 
493 o H6 SBV 
«4S 6 o 6 o 

IWO H Y L A N O c i Shl W ;*H , » 
Air conditioned .... $36*5 
TRA V ELTO W N TEX A S, 653-4711 
Î T -rr..* 
1 t 
-- Loyton I*’, lots of TLC, fully self-contained, swoy bar included, mony extras. 333-o*o4. 
Like now. Lockable compor shell for sm all pickup, *225. With Op 
Henal built-in bunk bods, S35o. 
Bob Flgnlkon 6*o-7747 doys 

M id slate sm an 1oft. cobovo’r camper Kingsize bed, sleeps 6. stove wilh oven, pertable teiieh bumper extension, many oxtroc;. 
Clean, m ust sell. M oke ottoY' 
$12oo. 4*7 3517, t-43«-23l3. 
Ovorcob camper, «' I w-b, noods repair, 
$45o or bo$t oHor. 
1 438 7367 

PIGMIP 
COVERS 
St89 
3171 Austin Hwy. 
453-o115 
“ p R Ò W LER 7'7Ì, Sott Coniqio¿d ’ 
Air condiiioneo .... $2«*s. 
TRA V ELTO W N TEX A S. 653-4711 

MHMA TCA Troilor. Solf-cont. l i ft. *145o, Good, ‘él Cadillac 4 dr. 
532-(237. 

BENT TRAILERS 
STAHMANN T R A IL E R SA LES 
IH 1o, 3 Mi. north of Boerno 
Rt. 3 Box 127, S.A. phont, 324-342* 
O P E N SUNDAY 12-5 P M. 
R O A D R U N N ER T r a v e l — 
T R A IL E R S A L E S 
«g jO B IG S B Y 
_____ 
64«.oo6« i f 
ß l 

 iXPRESS-NEWS BONUS A B S 
TIXAS SIZE S A ÌflG S 
• 
• 
• mm 

2 
U N E S 

 l O l l A Y S 
# 

 lili m a n a r « g wmi Mi BMLEi -i i ti i T ;| 
84 .w > t í 
.w i w 

X o w , c h o o se th e 
M o t o r h o m e y o n lik e a n d g et o ff to a fn n - fille d S n m m e r! 

1974 CMC MOTOR HOME 1 
Fully Loodod, (2) A ir Condition, Auto- | motic. A ir Conditioned, 6,ooo W att | 
Owon Pow er Plant, 
Like New , 23,ooo 
M iles 
^22,5oo 
oo ! 

 f 
1 9 7 4 P R O W L E R T R A I L E R f 
1 9 7 5 M O B I L E T R A V E L E R 
| 
I 
Com^taly SmM CoirtotiMt wMi 114MM BTU Roof iir i 
Motor Homo, Solf CooHrfoot, tttloniolk, Afe, Roof Air, 
«a O a # lo o i 
I cowTitioii«.ooiT............................................................................................................• 2 f ¥ 
U 
O it^WBMaot..................................... y 
, y 
O 
U 
I 

I 
1 9 7 4 O P E N R O A D 
I 
1 9 7 2 F O R D P I C K U P j 
I 
Motor Nomo, 21’, (om Atoiv SMf ONitaiMt, Aiito* 
« O a t % A e o 
! 
^ 
Onipor, VI, AirtOMMtk, Air, out Nwor, M4KM 
O K A O O | motk. Air,Roof AirCon«tioR,24,oooMNot,UkoNow . . . T O , 5 o o 
| 
Mlios.Nico.................................................................. . d , t l 5 o 
| 

Burke Motor Home Center Inc. iray—i 
112—1 
8 o o o B r e o d w « f — > M e c k N o r t h l o o g 4 1 o 

- 8 2 8 - o 1 3 4 

¡8oU M !S m R S 
8o2 
HM-8MTLIWT8II8 

M E M O R I A L P A Y 
S P E C I A L S 

* NEW MOTOR HOMES AND MINIS * 

V A C A T I O N 
V A L U E 
New Vecwfion volue con be yours with the 

23H.EXPIORER soar. *fra w M i cevor, 4oo9 w<rt* p o w .r 

U to m oto- l i o « . rocit «iiO toOOar 

Coachman 
Cadet trovel trailer. M’s a full-value, yet lew* priced reereotionel vehicle with o lull range e l leotures, lleor plans, equip­ ment and options. 
Cadets ore built to be traveled in and to lost. 
They're con­ structed to take lam i- ly w ear and tear lor years, and to oiler home-style comlort w herever you go. 

 r M f air, aura air, dual twkKns and iu.1 ionk*, cruisa cantrol, «4o V-S anslna, tl»r»T8,3aS, tV O I f.M O W 
....................... 

9 o Ea ITACC a 
***"' '*'***’ '®®* 
®*'*® 
2 2 r t. I | A ) L A air, po^mr plan*, cniisa control, SAA-Ri», 4u^ hoWlne «ank», 6-«obk inch oioctHc rolrleorarop. saue*« hoW- 
Ine «aokt OfW -*o*«r lowol, rawlng kltch, luseooe rodt mné k íOé mr, TV an*««no plu« mero. Us* St6t«3S. t V U M , N O W .............. m.x m. 
Mini wHk roo# air, au*o air, 
2 4 r t . IIA S C A toado«, «OO KooNIot power plan*, AM'RM, S-coki* Inch e<»/oloc*ric roMgora*or, cruise con*rol plus more. Its* 
$ 17,9 9 «, 1V# 3o, N O W................................ 

16,12S 

»14,783 

*16,285 
(Plus you got a $5oo FACTORY REBATE if 

J l E i O S E R , 

3329 S .W . M i l i t a r y O r . 
Juit Wttf of toNwrstt Rood 

P H : 9 2 4 - 8 3 3 6 

M o n .- F r i . 9 t o 8 P . M . 

S o t . 9 t o 6 P .M . 

 purcbosud by June 3o,19 77) 

SPfUAlS OOOD THRU MAY 21 d, 1977 ~ LARGÌ SfUCTKM 
AVAILABlf ROM 34 Ft. up to 31 N. MOTOR HOMES 

1o-YEAR EINANaNG AVAIUUUI—SEE DEALER FOR DETAILS 
TI NDALL AND SON MOTOR HOMES 
4 6 o o S A N P S D R O A V E . 
S A N A N T O N IO , T E X A S 

7 3 6 - 1 5 6 1 
I V N 
. A 
S 
A T . 
7 3 6 - 1 5 6 8 

CRUISER SALE 

L e t’s G o To The C o ast!!! 

C h o o s e F r o m i n y o f T h o s o A il N o w M o d o fs 

★ S P t C t A L M i M O R I A l D A Y P R I C E S * 
Now to p o l 31 t*. Ooktxo cssMn, 179 OAAC. troHor. louducod *e ........................................ 
M 3 o o 
Crutao 31 «*. Skipper, 14o fulnrudo, « roller .....................OSOSO 
Cndsa 31 H. Sowrtdor. 14o OMC, troHor . . . . . . . . . . . « o 7M 
Crviso 31 N. fu ll CaMn, 179 OMC, «rallor.........................$ 777o 
Crulto 19 f*. FuH CoMn, 1oo tvlnrudo, «roHor 
. $ 4 7M 
Cniteo 19 r*. Cuddp Cokki, 13o OMC, rro H o r 
$ $ 9 S o 

# A i l R I O S F U t l Y i Q U I P P t D * 
H O L I D A Y M A R I N A 
Lake AAcQuMney, SS7-6 6 22 
Open Sot.-Sun.<— 'Mon. until 6 p.m. 
3E D 

K S T W A N & S , 

P E O V I N 
S I R V I C E , 

T R U E V A I U E : h WF'IF pinnrrn o ORIGiNAl «h«k« ol All hromh 
I Som* SERVKf lorvmon avM 3o yn i a RARIfRA TOO) w'E <h vkot s I»*» l«f 1oÜ 
C:NON (ommKdonw) UJlew«««; dm 
SAMI mtiNO SfUtttG pw* uvm hasslo/Ume/'SS 
Uhr« 
NOW lorMit rdumt-mfgr discount in SI yoott. rmung i <Hu. 
*« YOU. 
SupurspM I INBOARD eutdHvi» 
S 
NOT und«fpnwnr»d rtpt**) 
I WE Mil AU brsnds t/Q'v hoiura 
OMC (FYWEltOf Johnson}, hih 7S dryoos, Uttns 9o doofw, mom 
Ihon ANT nth», OMC poww t<h, Him 
WSiOl bn«l. (orrosiw prntnrind, NOT oiiHidt boot w/d»lifotf> hydrouitf ryhndtn, hows »Ic t STOCK, 1(«% HANDUVÜF hh-r 

 m n CCNMMERCf A ll 
CANCELLABLE 
WITHOUT 
: j m n m m m , 

É Ì L I N J i ll ..... 

 a35 -16 «6 
Q U I C K D f S U t l S I 

Son Antoni o EXPRESS-NEWS— Soturdoy M ay 2 8 1 9 77 

 gloss 9 ft In 2? H, ptush, phjin, s»mi eof 
:OilA ?<fl 3S1V8 OMC orrivns n«it wMk lovawov 
ONCHtS 
S$. f So« 77'/) idtro high jwrtnrmnnr* hostbnoH by GUSSAUSTER 
2oih yoof; «rhy gprnWo w/Hy niflhl»« 
6 RKHIINE olum SIS9 up 
H Moot or bom EVINRUDE dools 
Us«d: 1975 EVfNRUOf 7Shp on 75 
OHUXI wolV thru $335o; oihrrs, wor ronty, RANK nl«% 
BARBERA SPORTS 
323 »mod-oy ol Oh FARK FRK 
<o moiin« yeors in S A 222 2112 
9 A p m Thttfs Hit. 9 p m Ctns«d Sol 

W A N f ii 
19 7o o r tatmr T rilio tl »bi rig, rui*- oms Of B9t. ama. a* A” wMicroè, cuév cohiii, itaélv 
M w e., occM M rta*. lOthr*, ««c«!- 
Ioni. MI-SM2 
8«-ff(MiTB6S8eBS liwm Jo9 RâmlîûrTI«^ 
Souvonir, tts. AS44313. 

B U Y -S C LL-T K A D B 
Am anean Loan, 21T-ÍST9 
P O k f A i t i Onor itam i, kavar 
U»ad. a t . Swlvoi Swit. 79 9 -4M7. 
W a P a r ¿ o ili lo r rMfa*, U io iau iis and W ilo li. 79 «-179 4. 
8o8Ü1TW18I F1SWI 6 tSFSSrSS!“ 
H u n lin a .S! w r ç^SPrScRTSSot 
I. O is d o o r, old In d ia n huntm o w occa. c o ll lo r inform a 
Wen. 794-9 9 43 
MX» ocra» nnnlln* enunirv, iW $o o rr ocra, a ro a r «mancina, wiiw 
S% down pavm on l, 7N,% tlmw* 
Inlaras«. Ownor financnd. coll 
Inlorm otlon 79 «-7»«4 a er« s on ia n c a lin t of la ro « roncW Why tooM it Is cWsooar In own your own la n d , S U M down oavm ant. 9 19 9 .o3 o#r month, w ill occom m odots 2 to 9 huntsrt, Wio donr, lu rk o y .l |ay«lino. C a ll for gpealHtmsH« TSt-tat 

 lA R lY SUMMER 
!! SALE fl a t f USED AIR CONOinONERS 
WITH 
7URCHASE 
o1 
ANY 
MORflf HOME 
12’K.SO' CROWNHAVEN 
2 brdmnm^, on, both fully furnkhnd with (rent iilthrn. 
)iprl.d ihtoughout C«ntrnl h«ol, mi hm,(« lyp* windnw^ 
REGUUR PRICE $4A$o 
SAlf FtKI ONlYi S S 4 S o 
II FREE AIR I! 
14'XAfl- COUNTRY SQUIRE nilUXE 
3 brdrnnms, 2 both< Rootrulul dining »oom and lutfh.n Spgcinut brdffiom (3) Big flns.k, o"d Wg living room With tnnhol h«nt 
1REE AIR 
REGULAR PRICE; $1o,6oo 
SALE PRICE ONIY) $ 9 o 5 o 
1A X64' BONANZA OEIUXE 
7 brdmomi, t'/| bo*h^ Rnoitiiful spwious <unl(«n living mom, with 
HTilfOltftn bfifit woH ond fir.piiw« 
Srpmot« dmlng mom ond bmnkfoti b«if Hid« o wny rln*«t fh) woch«r diy*r, 
SPACinUS 
MASTER bedmnm FREE AIR 
REGULAR PRICE; $95oo 
SAlf PRICE ONIV; $ 79 5 o 

P S Out ol Inwnftrc qoi; nvp«n%rf ond m«oK paid with purrhn«« rf mnbil* hnm»li 
AMERICAN MOBUE 
& MODULAR HOMES 
273o SOUTHWEST MIIITARY 
9 22-TI9 1 
9 22-o441 
IIObiN 7 DAYS W tlKIl 

C& SLUMBER 
COMPANY 

W N U f I T U S T S O N I Y I l i é 1», 14, lé ’ 

11^ fo . b s H M w li« 
••»«IT.. 

14VS4 Lf. 
PME W7VH# 
|tS.9 S«*«il 
I f H. fW y-B o*« ... M S 9 5 lif t . y o b . f o t e . . . *41.9 5' 
U f i . foiv, o 9 *9 .,. »44 9 $ 
1(4 Ofooil fir 
79 4 «och 
2x41o-14 Ft. f ir . . . 114 1t. 
Spinliin frou tHamtart, 
IJ T Io 3 
$ 29 9 5 

A n t i n u g 
ß 

914 j B 
E 

ST2o5 ......... $ 49 S< 
$49.95 
MoAHSTXO) 
WUHANYOrTtNSEMOOCU 
YOUFINKHAM1OoFT. 
EXtniStONCORDfOt$495, 
«TASAVmGSOr$1o.oô asNtatRY 
W W U STOCK LASTS 
C S S LUMBER 
COMPANY 
4647 ROOSEVELT 

( 512) 9 2 4 4 5 5 6 

7A T R IO T 14179 , 1 b o drn o m , 1 hath. Wood iM im ina h rseiac« , oo- pilancas, dishw athor. S9 $ -3MS 
TfYgg in iESWfiTTyTO 
Horn« 12*44, prlwota lot. K irb v 
97« n r^ m i ««t-ii b éfe6 ^ iiW ’rM 6ìÌT {:f’tì6TSi s 
S U N S F T M O B ILB H O M B * 
27«! 
S.W. M I U T A B Y 9 22-9 9 4o bliA«fiìSiTr...... 
U S K D M O BIL.fi H O M E S 
C A S H -P A tT S E R V IC E 
M R . M IL K S 9 24-429 1 w á i« ¥ l'g i'"tm al» usoii "Mo'ra« hom A C om . » 2 I t a w i Y A k lY K I S iS l'W r w r 
B U Y U S E D M O B IL E H O M E S 
C A L L : M A X 
9 24-422$ 
Wlii tako ovor aaymoni», aaoi^« 
9 ia .m o . 9 44-9 147 , 4fO-IS24 
14*21" 2 h d rm ^ 'A ric ra ft «Àoibii« horns, oscollsnt. •22-79 « ott«r 
«:« iîé ït i’ Iñi, 19 »«' AAohIa Hoiin«, 

P o m iiy H u n lin a , F is k ln t. a n d c a m a in a lo o so s fo r th* e n tir s 
« m u y . t12-49 1 129 4. 
P o r toi«, porhiblo'”a ii» v Ä r "Js'or h lin d t, a lt o to w o r h lin d s o n d 
«round bUndt. C o li O orxo W old- ino Snrylcn, 417 M M . t29 -»1A (a«t 
é> 
H u nhn « o»ià 'lis tiih a lo o M . illé o crs t. M odino Co. Ooor. io v o lin a , w ild hoot, sm all oom a. Huntln« ca b in w ith o la c trlc itv . L im it to fu n s . Sont, t to Pob. 1. 9 349 9 . 
Rotorance» roqulrod. 9 39 -asi. 
‘7$ ‘J m Îd ilsn aaod« Sé2. ovcoiisnt 

F R E - O R A N D O P E N I N G 
S A L E ! ! ! 
'7$ VAQUERO, 23</t’ 
'75 HOUDAY RAMMER 32’ 
'7S HOLIDAY RAMMER 29 ’ 
73 AliSTREAM 25’ 
’41AMSTREAM 24' 
'64 AIRSTRE4M 24' 
73MoRHE SCOUT, 24’ 
•75 HOUDAWE 27’ 
’76 MARAUDER 28</t’ 

SO U T H T E X A S 

T R A I L E R S & S U P P L I E S 
1121o IH35N.4S3-414I 
-Closed Sundoy S Memoriol Doy 

HEI MER 
CAMPER SALES 
SAN ANTONIO'S EXCLUSIVE 
COACHM8N 
DEALER a TENT TRAILERS e TRAVEL TRAILERS e TRUCK CAMPERS a MINI MOTOR HOMES e STH WHEEL TRAILERS 
3329 S.W. Militory 
Just West of Somers« Rd. 
Mon. Fti. 9 to 8 P M. Sot. 9-6^ 

TRAVILTOWN 
TEXAS, INC. 

S A N A N T O N I O ’ S U R G E S T 

T R A V E L T R A I L E R D E A L E R 
★ Over too Units in Stock 
AUTHORIZED SALES FOR: 

HOtlDAT RAM8UH, PkOWuS. PUT- 
MOB,' 
ST4I1CUFT, 
HOIIOAY, 
DIAMOND, JAM8oREE 

M I N I - H O M E S 

9 6 o oI H 3 S N . 653-6711 
Acre»» From Howard Joiintaa's 
9 ’tildark,Mon.-Fri. 
9 -4 Sot. 1-5 Sundoys 

74 W ilderne»» 27 ft. sth w heel travel tra ile r, lik e new cond. A ll extras 
14,7oo firm . 
«9 4-179 1 

8o2 MQT88 HOMES 

 saB-TRM 

AN -I^ EX t A a V E L C E N T E B 

 m B 
TRAVEL CENTER 
Zbwluoiv« Doaler for 

• 
M o b O e T r a v e l e r 

• 
T i o g a • D r e a m e r 

$ C o b r a • S o u t h w i n d 

• 
A m e r i c a » C l i p p t e r 

Im rg m B t S m lm c tion 
SaveOoZior* 

OvÊtn U n til 8 P.M . 
M on. T h ru Thur». 

13o6 Austin H w y. 
8 2 4 -3 2 4 8 

 con d, low m ile s, « » tros. $ 49 9 $ . 
49 2-2114; «9 4-9 773 Otter 4 am. f"'j'iî'H ":’Â 'iiÂ s n T y 5 r « T 5 r t r ie o l s y s te m , •o9 o lb . W o rn w inch, shea m ode tront ond re a r b u m a e r 
L o c h o u t hu bs,. « cylinder Plotheod nn«lne Medhy duty V, loa wHh rem ovabl« doors. 
4 mud hres with w o re E«ceilent condMlan; 1979 Jnea Com m ando. 
•.9 o9 lb W orn e le c tr ic w in c h . 

 woter softner, 9 lo rae shade trees, wveu heat. C hain lin k fence. Win show «Iter $ a . (49 4 fh e rry Or 
$ W 9«t P fo rs o ll Rd. 
812 s rS iílíñ ñ tank furnished, MS. '4 A c re i»t. 
MS. 4SA14«, 474-9 9 47 
A d u lt ondi k â m lly sëcitôn, ciuli house witti sw im m in t pool Povnd 
Street», lin d e ro re u n d u ttilti*« , lo r g e tot», no a e ts , b *st m o w a in le d oork in town, on S E . 
M iiitrav D r, west «f IH9 7. acro»» frnm B ro o k s P ie id , in d la n M ills 
M obile Hom e Park. }9 i-ee3o 
ALMOST UN ACREI i 
Ile home site, P irk u o 4 bue 
M obile home «Ite. P irk u o 4 bdck paym ents of $ 32 eoch ond take over balance. H B Q INC 49 4-3419 or I42HIo8_________ 

 h T Ì R S T M O N TH "f i t ï T l 

 power steerina, pow er brakes, o lr c o n d itio n e r t in d h e a te r, v in y l 

L A R G E S H A D E D LO T S 
O E M B L C R R D T R A IL E R PIC 
1o11 G E M B L E R R D 39 3 18*9 

 bucket seots. 9 M v-8, outom otic tran sm ission . R e a r w indow pun rocks. Lock out hubs. Shop m ode fro n t a n d r e a r b u m p e r m ode heavy duty steal rock ever le e p bed a n d c o b to r h a u lin g e au io m en t. R o c k a lso h o t l '4 
Inch W reoded nuts to oeco«nadoto a 9 49 d e g re e s w iv e l c h a ir fo r h u n tin g . A ls o 4 m u d tire s w ith spore. 
EKcetlent conditton. 
512-7#9 -l7M. 
R i 6 '''» C H 
A I f i i $ 

M O B IL E H O M E P A R K LO TS 
$ 49 m o P H A op proved , Judson 
Ind. Schools. 418 M72; 458-19 2« s’hXB i N E T'"Shody" A c r e s ’Tr ot ie r ' Pk 
9Y9VP A-—*. 
---- 

NEW HOMES IN 
NORTHWEST 
SAN ANTONIO 
COMING SOON 
Another Fine 

R A Y ELLISON 
C O M M U N IT Y 

6 8 1 - 3 o 3 o 

T g « A r « C o r iK iiM y ln v ft« < i t o o n A N T I Q U E A U C R O N 
W e d r i 
B s d o y -J u n « 1 - 7 io o P M 
TAIT AUCTION O AUBRY 
(Ttw Okf Ivmker Ypnl mi Hwy. ill to ToFt, lexex) too to rto f p « A ft. Contotoor from |i« t o l Anttoaet. L I D . 
L4RGI MANOGAMY leun tlyle «mnlmbe. highty forv«d «ni«» mth itom«r«, «ordmhe on «orh with 3 bevrird mirrort. jarobion styl« wonlmb« on boihiy Iwnt Ivgs. Eosy wmli Q«««n Ann« (ohiiwt, ns«mW«s oW lowikDA Hood«) mbin*l witimul «ton bin Mobogony louis style fobhi»!, 3 b«v«!«d mimvs, Mio»« fofving, l»orf*d iiomco glms, 2 me# S rnlllop desks, nek In good (onditien. Oi^jiirtof« Wolnut miiromd bork 
S smell bmakd mmron Oak rhtffonkrr with barky twbt siring iwtror 
19o1 Slng«t sewing morhine tbiusunj omus«m«nt in oak cns« (pinbnll morhin«}, I rJVS' hongs on woll Swhpl (wk desk <hoif. o<* W«llinglnn 
Dr 'i 81« rohmet OiHwn Ann* dmlng tabi« wdh kof 4 highhock walnut 
(hokv Ou««n Ann« slyk fofved «ok banging holiwk. 4 pkntstands 
Mnhogony, nok, pi»*, wakut T«opirH. Pok «F eok smoking ftands Potr 
«( intod sin^ beds Poir of nffire thain with Qu««n Ann« kgs Ovol rnohogony took with pwrrusl «diM S«omon’t domstop trunk Uiig« nok dumb woiter Qok Gkht Rom«rii« bookcosi with 4 storks. Mohoonny til» b«k woshsiond with b«v«kd mwrnrs. lorm Prlmrtiv« oln* kilthen inbi« with 7 dmwers Oak fwHey twist umbrella stond 7 pi«re podnr suit«, kkiting rnurh, 4 strotoht (hairs, t (fmrhous, toptstry rnvered 
Blork walnut rhtno rnhin«t, Ook borky twist drowkof tabk. 4 ook dm mg room thoMs with barley twist kgs Childs stoin sotin walnut wnrdrob« Hanging walnut hntrork with boss pegs. ? smgk and 2 doii bk brass and iron b«ds with rails I slngk brass bed with rails Oak rafmrtnry styk drawl«*« tnbk Ook owimonttl wilh rapper ponels 
Hongleg pi«« meof si^ with Iron haaks, Walnut b«drnom surt«, 3 e 
K«s, wardrob« with 2 krg« b»v«l«d ' mirrors, dr«ss«r ond woshstond r«rat moihk top woshstnnds with rolorlul tik bocks Drop («nist dresser Smob ook ddno rabin«t (ommmi« (hoirs. 4 walnut mloid htqh ho(k rhoirs Primitive ook rider borrel <4o gal} 14 stomed glost windows 
Cost iron umbrelk Uonds. WASH bowl and pitcher sets. Mimatuie bowl and phriMr set, 3o piece liberty le II Ironstanc dtnncr servite Porr ni 
,SloHnrdshire dngs 3 gkss shodes Montel tkrks Mnny othet items 
$ • Sor* to AtoeiMl Itolg Pkia Antique» A u ctio n ll 
Por AOillttamwi InfortnwMon Cwll Ih« Aw ttw nM m 
Gory Fin^kmeN, (tomer 
Dan Adorni, AAanoger 
S12--3W-37o1. Lodkbarf 
SU — 774-2117, Ingktide 
TxGC-77<o3a4 
TxCx77D5l9 

DITTMAR LUMBER 

S O Q S E G U I N • 226-3141 
Genuin« Strang Pora Cnrniq linn lengths to 2o............$24 9S sq fnrriignted fibergloss. lull 4 nr 
8', S d H 1o . $ 5-49 , 1? $6 S9 
Asbestes Sidmq . 
, 
$27 95 sq lirsi qiiolity biirh ponelmg 
V. in............ 
$ ; 95 «o 
4«8 3 R - (QJ! plywood 5579 «o 
4x8 
CnX plywond 
$6 9S«o 
Onk whiskey oorrals 
$12 9S 
Barbed wire 
$15,95 spool 
Irisutofmn 3'/t 
9 '/j«sq, ft, tnsiiletmn A 
164 sq ft 
T W I M O N F Y S A V E R 
' Mnstsf Chotge BonkAmeiifOid 
Where Cash Buys ol Whnksnk 

ANTIQUE AUCTION 
Sunday May 29 1 PM 
1o77 S. S«g«in St. Htw BrounkIs loro« stoined gloss window, »lie 42x23 with nome signed C H, SPANGIE 
Ireanx, 3-door Top looder ««bo*. Molltr»«i with seats. XiUhen robinet 
Sets of 4 ond 6 ook rhoirs Odd pieissd bock (holts. Round foWe 
Ckwfont tobk Stomed gloss windows. Woshstonds Oravdeof toWes ond leof tohks Wonhobes. Mlghbey fhoin Copper pi«c«s. Co^er drap bmle 
, rrocks with blun leoves HoH ond-half seirefoty desks rhino nni hdH kiffet P«w benrh lo(k«ts Sukboooids Mitkrons 
Wolnuf foinfing rourh lorkin desks. Wicker rocker ond choir lots of mote nice items 
IHSPECTIOH Soturdoy, lOom 4pm; Sundoy 1o om until Sole time 
Delivery ton be arranged if necessory 
Far Mom DoteHs coll VICKY’S ANTIQUES, 625 2437 
Aucttoator I. L Grimas. TiG«-77-oS9 4 

ESTATE SALE 

 tomb er BARGAINS 
RAtt ANTtOUfS . 
Dresden, Mersien, 

 teneed, store room , treas, $.17 (o 
Neor W indsor Ph. Mott. 9 24 8744. 

* lotei Woll Point 
] l| i*4 Hn 3 Selnct studs 
M<1 
4x8 W COX Plywood 
$69 9 1 
I 4x8 M plywood 
$1o.9$^ 
1 M)j36 glomlnum wmdows$12.4ly 
ALUMINUM PATIO DOORS 
É A foot 
$ ••! 

• • c m sh a n d c m h ê y ' 
¡BARNES LUMBER CO-1 
|,12o7iDurah9 o 
513-1111 

12th 4 18lh Ceotury religtous oti pointmgs. 
Old Parts. Wedgewood, ftench pwiekira. 
Sondwkh gloss, fon coUechon, r«e collechon of #orly beoawork ond lare, Jewéhy, Miniotnr« potnhngs Poh of lorty ftench Vitforwo armrhoirs Ereoch VKtorian corner etagere chino cobinet. Viclonon cnraer chino cohmet. Sheraton Vyk chmo cobmet. ChippendoI« ond ly ornok hondcorveo moibk top 
Sponish ehest Pair of eorfy Vktofion wderhons. lorg« orante 

P o rt M a n tfic id , 78$ 49 9 44-22o2. 
N ig h l P isM n « B artw i Off S h o rt and Dlvtng pgiTtos. 

A rre o a e h n m e siie w ith c e n tra l woter system . Ju st 1$ m in from 
41o $3ooo $1oo down . and $31.41 per month tor 14« m onths ot •% 
J C. H O R T O N , B R O K E R 342 18o«, or 49 4-3419 
Northwest, $ o*1oo iofs^'tw to mo 

R A I L R O A D T I E S fo r s o le . 
Landseope or relay q u o lity 
1 S12-4$«-«413 or 4M 7971 W hittio sey Bros.,Austtn,TX 
R epossed 1ox14 P o rta b le o ffice term s, free del 732-9 171 

'47 S T A F F C o m m a n d C o r 
1-ton, 4-w hM i dr. Now Inspection sHcher, flat 4 enatna. Runs lik e a iewel, front tow Isar, H ill country o r So. Texas, it w ill «o anywhere. 
$14o9 . $ié -U f4 

 free m ove to Qualified renter, ; 
484-289 1 

W o n te d : ig u lh Y e x o s hu ntn# lease. S12-429 -113* after 9 :3o 

SIOmni fHOMEStlUE 

17’ C O N S O LE F IS H E R M A N , 
222-9 49 4, Eves. 49 »-Sn2 i^74 ¿ u s to m i e l w ith c u s to m 

 to SCO TT Y, hooter, rofrtoaratorl only $129 9 . 
TW A V E LT O W N T E X A S , 49 3-4711 
9 fi' selF-contolnod C o m o cr F its 
BH. P icku p bed. A ir, etc., $ i,8So firm . 9 23-4429 
I r s R Ä s f Ä T w 

389 3 N W. Loop «1o 
734-5131 

B M B O B 
MOTOR HOMES 
E xclu sive Franchised D ealer tor : 
X P L O R E R , T R A V E L Q U E E N 
K IN G S H IG H W A Y , K E Y S T O N E 
3429 SO. P A D R E IS LA N D D R .91 
C O R P U S CH R ISTI, Tx. 
71419 
Burke AAetor Hem e Center 
849 o B R O A D W A Y 
9 2F9 134 
‘72 C H A M PIO N 24' M otor Home. 
P ow er plant, a ir , om -tm rod io . 
Tope deck, ve ry nice. Sleeps S. 
$9 9 o9 . 9 29 -74«9 
‘ 73 C h a m pio n M o to r H em e 24' 
$19 ,9 9 o. 279 -9 349 e r 27F9 9 9 4 oft. 4 
‘44 Chevy g u a i W h eelsriO 
Coh o v er c a m p e r, sh o w e r, hot ond lee hex, to 7pm cold w ater, even, potty coH 49 4-2488 or 4:39 
734-9 9 49 
1979 Coochm on 2$' PresW ant m ? 

MISSION 
TRAVUCINTER 
76 -2 o ' Mobde Traveto with ok, was $SS9 S, 
New 
....................... S49 9 S 
75 -2 $ ' Veguera, oír, r 
»95 eut 
75 - 23' Giles, oí», roil out 
MSAxiwiosm tAAÛt 
FaWHinfl 
..... ......... 
'68—r Kleisk camper, needs min« repek, m A ...............................$6oo 
13o6 AUSTIN HWY. 
82 4 -3 3 4 8 

 tor home. SeW-cantolned, tiemes 4 in beds, 4 In droo-dow n bu n ks. 
COM: New Brountols l-89 9 -2$84. 
'< £ u if6 i i ’i g r i g g r 

W ith These Spectok 
11,ooo BTU Instaltod 

$ 3 8 8 * 
*Wbkig w bradng estro 
MI SSI ON 
TRAYIt€ »lfiR 
13o6 AUSTIN HW Y. 

N ic e tro ile r ........... $29 9 5. 
T R A V E L T O W N T E X A S , 493-4711 
S H A S T A e P R O W L E R 
We Toke Trode-lns 
Com plete S ervice Dept. 
ST A H M A N N T R A IL E R S A L E S 
Ih io 3 M l North Ot Beerne 
R T 2 B O X 127 S.A. Phene 124-2424 
O P E N S U N D A Y 12-5 P.M . 
■73 Sparten T ro vel T ro lle r. 29 ft , sclt-eenteined. 49 8-29 22. 

I 
§74-3744 

18' Cabro Btrttetov Jet, 49 9 o id s 
«9 9 H P , Tandem trailor-tow oble, cover with all o ccessarlet Includ- ed. $49 89 . 73$ a459 . 
2Ì'* "i"'m olar' heme, Fully '»eM'''con- toined. $49 8o cosh e r wUI trode ter plush tote model pickup. 4H 49 47 
Otter S: p.m. 
G h ie M o^ r Meme P e r Reni. 
349 -9772, 349 -49 11; 734-9 389 
‘ 74 O M C P o lm à e e c h "toefer 
Home. 24', 14JIoo mUes, dual o lr. sle w s 4. excellent cond. 822-9 389 ; 

SPECIAL! 
9 New '7* S T A R C R A F T C am pers 
1 6 A L A X I E VI .................. $2$89 . 
2 ST A R D U S T V IH » .........$219 o. 
1 S T A R D U S T Sw inger 
... $2389 . 
I S T A R LIT E VII .............. $179 9 . 
M Y E R S A U T O -T R A ILE R S A L E S 
114 S .K IN G S B U R Y 
(1)# *-I1 U 
SE G U IN , T E X A S 

L IK E M É w i 24 O V E R L A N D '74^ 
M otor Home. 7,8oo octuol ml. 

1434 S.W.MIMtory, *12-7*9 $ eve* 
Luxury M otor Homo» Rent. Lew 
Ratos. «SG7441, «$4-711« 
MOTOR HOME FOR RENT 
V opu# 31' V ille G ra n d e F u lly eaulppod, steps 8, p riva te p a rty rents by week. 4*4-44o7. 
1*71 S to rc re ft ca m p in g tra ile r, sle e p s 4, D e lu x e m e d a l, su rg e broket, m ony extras, m int eendi- tien, $182$. 4SS-41I8 
M ò 'tó h H ^ A ii i'iiiif ^ L 'f •' fi'ui'lv self ( p la in e d . Rdtes by dev or week-«S3-«l9 8 
1*72 S t o r c r o t i. i 7 ’,sft. t r o v a l trailer. Self contained. Lik e new, 
$2,29 $ . Com plete Reese hitch In­ cluded. 344-44I2. 

M otér ie m e , sleeos «, | l4 l. wh plus 18c ml. 4SS-21S2. 
*' ■ 
" h'ÀkàAàB'R R i/ ¿ i t i ' f l R ^ fixclu sive D ealer tor: Cham pion, 
T ita n , L ife tim e M o to r H em es, 
M ini M ater Hom es 
2271 AU STIN H W Y 
4$$-91S1 
STARGRAFT 
M X fi« * t r a i l k r s a l e s 
11« idnpsbury 
S E G U IN , TX. 
E « e r« g tlo n a l V « tiic i« $ 
FO R R E N T 
Vons 
M toi M eter H em et 
R E S E R V E Y O U R S T O D A Y 
Contact B ill ot 
Resco Leafing 
55o5 San Pedro 
732*2288 

 u ' t A u r ’iS ¿4 ft. 'tro ve l -rraller. 
F p jty te lf'c e n to ln e d , lik e new , n m , or lto»t offer. $ 32-8«*l. 
1*7* Tee Fee i« ’ T ro ve l T ra ile r, 
Seificentoined, o lr, »leapt 4. $3oo9 . 
344.147«. 
-7« T e rry T r o v e l T r o lle r , $ tn wheel 39*. $4ooo 223-189 1 between la m . *pm 
Trovel Troller, 1*72 Tee Pee. 17 , fu lly stIf'C o n to ln « « !. S I t t P t S ogulU or 4 odult«* a ch lld rtn . troSi tvcellen f cond. f249 S. 

‘48 V w Com per, new m otor, needs point. 128-7212 
W ont Ye Buy M eter Hem e. A ny 
M oke 
Any 
Model. 
4SS-744I, ltS4-7n* 

TINDAUondSON 
PoNTI4C-6MC, INC. 
Authorised beotor tor.. 

• 
Ä 
T 
- 
CA.» - 

Plus e fuH line 
“ ***l ••'P* 
' 'slei 

 tra ile r, $9 9 9 9 firm . 4Ì8-9 878 
Cabin, il$ FFfI» iehn seh, rolle r, w ith to il convas. 
18' Cutty I 
M oody Tr peed cendltton. 484-4219 . b eep'V-NÚII H ydrosw ltt^ 7o lip 
M ercu ry, bit traitor. 
$139 o. 
224-89 48. 
D ra a -s k i b e a i, 421 C .I., filo c t - white chrom e m otor. R olled and 

Penn Yon J4ft., Rybrtdpe, trailer- able. Cuddy cab in , 14 in. d ra ft, stondup head, tetf boHlnp eeekpit, 
C B radio, depth recorder, outrip- pers, flphhnp ch a ir, search llpht, 
Sportsm cm ..................... tandem tro ller. Ready tor G u ltl I $1o,9 89 . M erln eiond ot 
Red(to>rt, Hw y 3$ N. $12-729 2319 
9 7Ì bliachita atotninum 14* boss- 

 pleotod In te rLo r. E x tr a ro c in o ports. T ro ller. $4$9 o. t-379 -5844 
19 74 Elite, 191«. I49 hp M e rcru ise r, i 

19 73 u 
______ 
"oot. 73 Johnson e le ctric 2$ hp. 
D illy tra ile r, has tro llin p m otor, depth finder, m any oxtros. Good condition. $1,2o9 o r best offer. 
4$3-l848. 

HI SSMN 
M OBM HOM I I 

 imeht§l¥ m Ommlmr fo rt 
• CdflNMI • flo otw o oé 

o Hommtfo o S th vit 
o Sondpolntm 

$ o o Ub n r t t la rg m Sm htotlon 

225o Austin Hwy. 
6 5 S-2894 
2922 S.W. Militory 
924-4424 
O p o n S u n d a y 

PRIME KOMESITiS 
ON SALE! 
oMLY$48.8SMQ. 

Bougli Yeliw Pine 
LUMBER 

Oucan Phyfe jtyk rafm MIghIy ornole hondca 
Spoahh rhest Paie ol «Orly Vk» gnidkof fflbrar Meny Other Fine Pièces. 
Due ta the unoll spore and the rartty ond guolity of items for sole, e limrted mimber of persons wdl be odmitted ot o time 
Sotuiday lINSt SsHsdey 1-4; Daily 1o-4 
CesMopolilM Apti. #1o«, >5o2 Ahern 
^► ATSY B U Y ! 

A N T IQ U E AU CTIO N 
Sunday, M o v 29, i 3o p m 
G o ry ’» A ntigüe Aurlran H ouse 
Lockhort, Tw. - Coll J9 9 -J7oI 
Antique F u rn itu re, J pc. E m p ire 
Style W alnut P a rlo r Suite Settee 
Ladies Choir, Gentlem ans C h a ir, 
C a rv e d L io n H c o d A rm s W ith 
Paw Feel. M atching Sm all Table 
«9 3 «138 

Kitchen w are, old china robinei. candlestick, choirs, «9 8 2842 
L IN N IE 'S a n t i q u e s , H w y 1« 
South. 
Gtosswore, nrw old 
«2« 2317 

M e K e lv e v ’s A n tiq u e s 
13o« A ustin Hway., 824 324o 
At M issio n Mobile H om es 

Good Lum ber Good Lenpths 
1»« 
19C L F 
?vA 
19 ' if. I F I 
2*8 
. 2«r L P I 

Antiau« Lnuis X IV love seat, $9 9 o 
341 7819 
O P A ’S A N T IQ U E S 
22o3 S H A C K B E R R V 

F irs t qrouo nf lots sold out! 
Why pov rent? See these newly ottered, prim# m obile home lots in resortiike R iv e r Bend Paved strs., city type utils., boot dock, Dier, clubhouse, big sw im m ing pool On Lake Dun­ lop neor New Brounfels, 29 mins. d rive from S A $379 $ lot $189 .79 down, bol owner finonced, 9% A P R int. Povoblo 
198 mo pym ts. $48 89 «o , total deferred price $9 27$ gn 
Con prepay bal. without penoltv 

OITTMAR LUMBER 
5oo S e g u in R d , 27« 1141 

PMII. M O R A N , 734 14AA 
A p p ra isa ls and Llgutdotrans 
Lisren se d R rfe re n re s 

H istorical O ontoles. T* 
Annual show and Sales 

P IN E 
W a rd ro b e fr o m K in g 
W illiam o re a , $5oo; S h ip 's Cop tarn's desk, S3oo 827 1««9 

S p e c ia l b u y , M o s o n ltc s id in g hldos, 8'x l9 ‘, Io'x2o‘ Term s Pree del «13 8111 
SAT arm SUN 

W re c k e d p o rto b le b u ild in g 
«o »12o'. Term s, del 9 24-W 3 im-PORTABLE BUIIDINSS 

MAY 28 and 29 
9 A M 
«PM 
G O N Z A l ES HIGH 
SCH O O L C A F E T E R IA 

Q U E E N ’S A N T IQ U E S 
2899 Fred e ricksb u rg 
H nurs 
9 1 

RIVER a ^ O R B O Y 
Toke M i to k e M cQueenev exit in 
New Brau nfels 
1-625-Y417 

Dom ognd 1ox2o, used 12*24, slor- ape btdps Reduced, del 9 ?i «344 
F a c to ry Seconds. 8x1« sales nt tire, com olele. term s, del 
9 24-o12o 
In v e n to ry r e d u c tio n s o le . 
/•*8’ I2‘ x4o' pidgs. Term s, F re e d e l «9 3 8111 

A N T IQ U E SHOW A N D SALE at 
' R O U N D 
R O C K S 
F R O N T IE R 
D A Y S j J o iy 8 o n d 9 
D e a le r s p o c e s 
I av a llu b ie . Schonelnnd, P O B o x 
, 49 1. Round Rock 112 291 418o i A n tiau es, V ic lo rIo n "v n u th bed. 

Restore like o P R O ! Book by 
G E R R Y S H A R P 1o trunk expert 
Open I «pm . exc Wed «84 147o 
8489 C u le b ro ■ 
Decor o to r Show cos« 
A r llit , 
197«, 
O id tc. ond 
Accents 

Sel ot « m opi« Quten A nn ch airt in m ini cond (19 1 822 179 2 

^ w e r ond trim , traitor, $49 o9 or 

1$' offer. Jock, 732-Sill. 
P lb t r p io s s B o o l, M o to r , 
T r o lle r , 3Shp E v ln r u d c , 2 p o s tanks 424-2S31. 
1$' klberptoss fisfiinp bciat, TShp 
Evenrude, (like new), tro lle r, ex- trqs. $1,2o6. 344-8422. 
Fine Seleclton "usèé Sailboats 
N E W SaHboot Shop. Austin 
«o4 Htohkmd M oil Blvd. 4$4-7171 
‘/ Í fila p sfilp . V ri fiu il "W o iliih ru w in ^ to M , oolyanixad m oaic tut traH er. Conopv, 49 hp. M u tt te ll. 
Good too4. $117$ Ready to po. 
22$-$9 32. 
Po 'R g l" o ' T S " ^ t L 't : i V 

 a RANDOL a 
MARINE 
NtBiiylSill 
Used boots, motors, trailers 
12O7W.HlLoEBfiAND 

7 S 2 m 
3 

'" à ia t maple ski boot. N ice tor the price. 
484-17S7 __________________ to g riv sm p e r, 17$ Ev'inrude, FHr. 
RFRHMIHBY» rpI 
MU trade, «S3-39 83. 
— i r m r e s r 
____________ 
479 -789 9 ____________ 
2I«F. Dee« V . bandlald tlberptot. 4SS OW t, 11$ h rt. 19 73. Vests, tops, petty, etc. t$ 1$ 9 . 4S3-4489 is p i "ilkerp to » boot, ishpenptoiiu 
$$8». qW 4pm 4S8-1$9 I. 
1 i l l . ' M a r lin ' A o u o r lus," I 

 vehklex 
46oo SAN PiORO 
736-1561 or 736-1 $68 on 
Sa*wrdoytl 

M e r c u r y e u tb e a rd , O llly t ilt 
«roller, extra». A skinp $4888. C o ll 
67$-1323. 
I 8ft. SÌ6t w in d a r J e t , '¿ b e v v powared, troWar, $389 $ . C oll a itar 
4mn. 674-4S86. l$ FI. trlbu H . SMip Évlerucle. w a lk th ru w in d s h ip ld , a x t r a s , 
îlS é t. 
' i k r Ì fmÌI'' w liti ' 71 

8M-BOATI. WiB« 

T r T K s n n o S r Y s s r M with o I4hp outboard m otor, $36$. con be sean at 2o86 M orn ln p Dave. 
(Ook MeMew Est.) 
B o ÌN ia lI,r« « 6y la ÌM il. in ciu G n p m otor, death fin d e r, lin e r E lee- trice i systwm. 69 »-7S83 w eokdoys; 
349 -3381 eves. 
S l i H Í 
Ñ - 

JahnseM tiSh p, w ill a cce b t reo taaable eftor. 6$3-S$3t w 
A t a s lr e n ' ü b r e u s e f 
«6-9 16$ , 69 S-88S6____________ 
76' é lo itre n ," gee# 

I T 

2Ü 
JehnsoM. owner $ 69 7$. 6S4-7817 
’76 '''g 
» 
^ 
W 
'i ih p g v t o y S d ^ 

BEADY FOR EWlil l$ tt. Tem -CroR, 68bo Evlnrude, troHor ............. 
$147$. 
N ow C h r y s le r P ro B a s t B o o t, 
4Shp Johnson, tra ito r ...........$3641 
NottonI lift, in hull, $$ C h rysler, troltor .......... 
SI89 S 
New Repel trt hull, 6$ M ercu ry, troHer .................................... $39 9 9 t4ft. Peart Runobeut. 48 Soo K iitinp, troHer 
$7S9 
Nottonoi 17Á. trihuli, W C h rysler, troltor 
............................... $37$9 
Now O irvster Sport F u ry left, 189 
Bvtorude. troltor 
...........S367S 
HOUDAY MARINA 
Lake M cQueenev, $$7-6433- 
Ooen iot.-Sun.-Mew. til 6pm 

R E O W i e M 
M 
M 
H 
B e a u tifu l G lo s tra n S ie r r a 312. 
Ford 19 3 V8, 1-o. custom drive-on t r a ile r . O n ly 19 o h r» . $ $ 9 9 $ . 
6$6-M$ $ . 6SS-S239 l ï ï ^ T i S T î S î r F i r e i r ë n ï ï : voders and D eckBeots, Johnson ond M orcurvs. R A Y 'S M A R IN E . 
C an yon Lo k e . H w y. 347} n e o r 
StortxvHle A N O Hwy. 146 ocros» tram Oaafy's. 1-89 9 -3119 . 
SÒilkeoF ¿ o1 i$ , oxcellenF comJi- 

 traUor. im m aculata, toodod, wNh extras, $39 PP 344411$ 

«ton, lu lly ea u lp M d far femHy and ro c in p use. t7$P8. 894-4SS1 o r nìplits ond w eekends áSS-9 9 3t 

• 5 AXLE • 
MOBI LE HOME 

28*14 Weilern heavy duty $ 
o*1« model 
3 BR, 
2 bath 
Oiihwoiher, 
(jiipowl, 
(«nfiol heat, oir, reffig, ifove, on derpimimg, awning, plus 2? *22 corporl Wwsf move tram present srie 1 9 8* 231?, days, oftet 6 
1 9 88 2845 

 i r * i t A * * i t § r * A i t 4tA-§r 

273 A cre s w ith t lOxss M ob iles c o m b in e d . F e n c e d . A ir , 4 m i. teuNi of 
M orton. 
$13,9 oo. 
1-43B-H3$ 
I b g ^ 'K Ò é N l. ¿ u s F e m é u ilt i sue, DeHvery- Torrn», 933-4344. 
^'Im ërte'ciii'' ÄoliW« M Ì«odutor'" 
H O M E S IN SA N ANTON IO . Inc 
9 33-719 1 
9 33-9 441 
4f $ i ^ f < w " 'i i y i r f " 'i 9a r55ñ « ; 
13X4o. SISOO down ond $8$ mo., or 
$479 $. 4S8-8487 after 4. 
Î T î ê î i . 
. 
_ heat, air. Corpot, G E w ether and d ry e r, turn o r unturn. 4S8-8$ 9 t ; 
4 $ 8a m e v e s. 
J" fi'edreëmr''Mëlile''''tF'êmè'''wit'ii 
18x33 odOo-reem . olr, toil carpet. 
S ch p e fe rs T r a ile r P o rk , L o t 1. 
16*11 Vf M H itorv, enyttme. 
'MafiueNeMme ¿enter ryT s I 
N E W and USEO-4S1-4H1 
I4$ ll tH - li N O R T H (Seim a E xit) 
•r ta rty o «^ ’ Ì4x 7Ì ,' 
19 7$ B riarw öodTdxT irT bedroom , 
3 b o th , c e n t r a l o lr a n d h e a t, ik irto d . 14x39 potto cover. $11.888 balance. I3$9 9 equity. 484to$«3. 

B A M 
FO R U S E D M O B IL B H O M E S 

, $81. W hile oak dresser (8o W osh 
1 iett discontinued 7 *8 . T e rm s ' 
9 4o A ntique tight fix tu re s 
Free del *34 1oo3 
_________ 
^$1o Colt oHer ip m , «48 1712. 

> Stained 
Blass 
< 
D oors and Wm dnws 
D oughtry Anhgues. ««< o1« 
T A IL E N D A N T IQ U E S 
R C A V IC T R O LA 
In Colom es North M olt 

B e rg R e v o lv in g le w e iry cose, 

P o rta b le B u ild in g s M o v e d b v| 
M orpon Bonded «9 3-8111 j 
Bedlam Brass Bads 

 cosh realster, sbowcoses ond w all I eases. C a li «9 4-1o39 or «9 3-«736 
D ES K-S teel Glasstop, typew riter d o o r, C le o n w ith s te e l s w iv e l chair $129 . total. « Ft Lona Com m erciol P re e re r, Srhaeter, qioss view doors, counter top, pvrtect 7 ft. L o n p C o m m e r c io l C o o le r, slointoss steel, counter top. used 3 m o. T o le d o S c o le s . T r o y too, 
Cleon, recKfy to use New Echols 
Sn ow C o n e M o e h in e , m o n e y i u s e d p ric e ; m u s t s e ll, 19 *12. m o ke rl Deep P re tie Uprtpht, 2o I lo x i« storope bidg Del, «84 123« 

 s e a ts , re d N a u p d h v d e . S te e l bidp Term s Free del 732 917 
F o ld in g C h o ir s a s s o rte d c a te 

PORTABLE BVILDIN6S 
6x 8 ..,*29 5 
8x 1 ft..*3 9 6 
O t t i e r s izD S a v a l l a b i t 
QUALITY CONSTRUCTION 
Heovv-Duty Floo r Included 
OITTMAR LUMBER 
5oo SPQUin Rd 
226-3141 

Twin, Fu ll, Queen, K in g sire 
SOLID B R A S S H E A D B O A R D S 
824 «»21 __________ 
.1123 Brngdw oy 
THE BLUMENTHAL 

B ES S ’ A N T IQ U E S 
549 o Old Sepuin Rd , ««I 1182 
■" ™’" 'b' U Y ■ iL E L l '-A P P R A15 E ' 
Best P rice s P aid for A niiqu es 
P H IL W ILLB O R N 
TOWN A C O U N T R Y A N T IQ U E S 
82« 2719 349 * Broadw ay 739 -2414 

MERCHANT 
The m ost inierestraa ontiqiie strap in Texas. E verylh in g Irom giosv to E a rly A m erican F u rn itu re ot 
Blum enthol. Texas. 7 m iles wvsi ot L B J S to le P ork on H w y 2*o 
Open dotty except Tuesday Loox tor Blum enthnI Hwy sign________ 
THE 

C ry s ta l c h a n d e lie r, far so le by nwnnr, (IGOO firm 82« 7791 

 tobies, smoH. pm 
Coil 739 -49 27, 19-4 SOTFORNfTURE 

7 4-door reochin coolers, $18o9 ea. 
Other store equipment. 424-9 *9 2. 
OUÖ '-F A s 'f' o ir 'g u ii'i a n d com - d i p re s s o r , good c o n d itio n , c a ll 
I 42$-9««« otter $_________ 
_ 
F loots, 4o' Sem i T ra ile r, recondi- tio n e d , new p o in t a n d tlo e rs 
257 9 533 e r t»4-«23o KerrvIH e, Tx. 
FCM JSBÀLL Tablé O vnam o’Serles 
E. 484 4442 ; 47«-473*. 
________ 
Fo r A L L N EW and U S E D K itchen 
Equipm ent and Supplies. See 
.•VI« 
Levinson Restaurant Supply Co 
19 oo San Pedro 
733 99 31 
F o r Q uality Pertorm on ce In to rn ­ in e y o u r m e rc h a n d is e Into Im ­ m e d ia te c a s h b y a u c tio n . G e t 
Q uality professlonoi people who w ill be bere tom orrow to do the lob 
P o tro n iio only your local ouctioneers 
JIM L IS T E R , «33-24oo, «33-9 349 
JO H N 
B A R N E S , 
S32«««1, 
«9 9 3441 
Ico cream moehine, frye r, m ixer, icem o ker, bake oven, re frip e ra- tor, Used 733 12*2 
4’ L o n e C o m m e rc ia l P r e o ie r , with slldin p picss door 824-2781 

‘T« b lp p tcraLI L M . lo s s or le v boat w ith E vln ru d e 13S, pal 

21 R G u lf BoM , Tw in B vinrudes, w ith H O tra ito r. $ 139 $ e r best offer. 448.1131; 49 6-2478. 

 palvan- lie d iraHer, wotk thru w indshield tro ll m eter, depth fin d p r, m uch more, like new SSSOP. 834-49 48. 

 c u r v m e te r- p e rfe c t c e n d ltle n puerantood. Lik e nw sw ivel seats, palv. tu t tra ile r, tre n in o m otor, m any extras. $ tS9 b 343-8S14 er 
«SI-49 9 1. 

I d l l B e g s i ü i i t s 
D IS P L A Y at S T O N E M A R IN E 
7348 Bandera Read 
Oootor: JewaH ServlC M , 343-8778 

, _______________________ w T û m 

1 eauioped, 879 9 8. n4-39 2t. 
' ieo to 're r't f kWei.-'i 
: s a ils , 4 hp Jp h n sp n p u tb o a rd . 
Reduced to sell tots week. 484-3334 
I i i x i ï f l I F i i T W l ' l W 
S Â white deck, dork red Interior 233 
H P. M ercruiser. E xcellen t condì- tien. I-29 8-I884 
79 Seorny 21 

«$ $o471 
CUANUSEU 
11x4$ , 1 b e d ro o m , 2 b a th , fü r- ntshed, central o lr ............... $489 $ 
11x48 Untornisbod 
........ 844S9 
Free OeHvary and Set Up 
J A R M o b lla H o m p s 
11489 IH2S N., tofce W eidner Rd. 

 wIth ¿ a b in . Im - i 49 S-9471 
4$ t-43$ 4 

See them new at 
_ 
T R A V E LT O W N T E X A S . 453-4711 
’ 
■ 72W lH N EfÄ 5Ö 24‘ ? W i^ i r 
E ve ry option, 39A oo ml. M ust see recioto. 124-429 1 

B A S S B U G Y - P lb e rp lo s s . L ik e new , 9 >/* ft w ith e o rs , m o to r mount. $19 9 . S A IL B O A T FIbera- ! i toss. T rlm o ro n 9 ft., salts, alu m i rudder, unstnkabl*. »19 9 . 73$-«$27. | 
: éO AT:' IS’ Fbw rptass, tilt traitor. 
! 29 hp. Elpin m otor $39 1. 
4831 t.F L O R E S 
9 33-4311 i Boot '{roller": "beivanli'ed',' iUa'pic 

I tilt, hres 4.88x13 $37$ 9 13-19 88 i Bosten'W iw ier 3t R. OutropeJ less toon M hrs. TwWi SShp B vinrudes, com pletely equipped wtth alm ost e v e ry ovaU eble B oston W h o le r eptien. M orln eian d at K e ckp e rt. 
Hwy 3»N. $13-739 -3319 , iV^il "¿Iieckm ste," h ip h p e rL e r- m ance boss beet, 18ft. 4 In., ISPhp 
M ercury with power trim , euslcHh driveen traitor, alt extras, $39 o9 . 

 stores Inside. 838-7312 

!»■ W tie e l ¿ a m p e r » I. 
B v ^ v w t^ > 
^ usf see | MHc, Ross, 341-11$«. 
^ 
- to cxterecteie. 2 ^ 72.! ----------------------- ' i s ¿heckm óW ) îp ë i^ Ski Wecif 
: T ro lle r, steeps 4, both, a ir, pas- 
...........g..,..— g- . 
.. 
! e te c lr ic r s t r lp e r o t o r , v o cu u m *74 W innebppp. 24, e xtra clean. 

HOUDAY MARINA 
Lake McQueenev, sll-$ $ 7-««» 
Open Everdoy except M endov 

R R m a a i i i i 5. 2 B ) a u 
N acar $.2 Catam arón introductory Offer. 824-339 3 

K N O O E L M A R IN E 
Lake McQueeney SA F h 4$8-9 1«4 egen Tues-Set 9 -4, Sun 1-5 
Í4 X e n e S to r, I 8he e y in ru d e . b u cket seats, b o lt w ell, e xtra s, 
$m . 342-489 3 
M onipem ery 17,'sleaps S, l4 soils, knot m eter,roller tro v le r, porto- p o lty , e n d m o re . G o o d C o n d . 
$$3o9 $12-771-449 7 after 4em 
ÍMy"LMs''Yóu'r 'GoíñV £ aye"tttóu- 

 m oculate Condltlen, V ary Lew H r. 
O sp t F in d e r, C B R a d io , T rim 
Level. 4S9 Olds V-9 with Berfcelv i 
Jet Drive, w alk Around Tandem ; w ith tilt. R e a d y to po. A ll P e r ' 
$479 9 341-19 39 or Coll Jim m y ot 
449 -2319 . 
! i ‘7Í Seoroy 2$' wifit cobin, Ì $1 #or'ì3 ; 
' enplne, tike new wtth only IS hrs. j 

I 82l-9 $ 4$ ; after «, «$4-1144. 
! 

I Johnson, d riv e e n p a lv. t ro lle r , m ony a xtrosi Used 1 lim es. Ex- j cel- Cend. $ 439 8.49 8-28a. 

1 r f 
' s k i 
' O R ÌO , 49 ¿hp C h ry s le r, 
I 7$mph, $3$9 9 . Í32-i$ 84 
‘71 StorcrofI IS A m erican with tJ 
E v ln ru d e , $ pd, to c h , h o rn , 1 tanks. Cover, Ja ck e ts. 3 props. 
T ilt t r a ile r w -sp a re tire »29 o9 
49 69 S11, 8.4 M r M elons. 49 4-117$ 
' oft S p.m. i f ayler Jet^ 413 bicts. $$,*o9 Lew 
I hrs, excellent. i-47«-449 t 
Ì ‘4Í 'T-'áir3I’ w'íth''4* M 'ercu ry 'em 
' ptne, excellent cond. 
734-1882. 
49 2-19 42 

T»7Ì'f i t Ì M W Ò ':'9Ìr«~T 
T w o b e d ro o m , fr o n t k itc h e n modal. S H A R F lM ll 
S O U TH PO R T M O B IL E H O M E S 
2*9 4 S.W M IL IT A R Y 
*24-4231 
'7'3 Ortanw'éod'"' tVSo 6. Nice Lei, 
423-14*1 
JIRMQRIIERDRKS 
New-Used, H4P8 im 3$n . ««v»47i 
Late 'Model 14x73 M obile Hom e, cew 49 4-4344 eves, weekend» 
M Ô biïeTiëüsi^ ^ dreom , I bath. kUchen and livln p room In front. F u rn . Centrol a ir heot. Good cend Lets at room , reasenoble. 4$ 4-W9 7. 
M UST S E L L B Y JU N E 1ST 

 c le a n e r, very cle a n . F u ll w ith $14,9<>o. Call 49 ^39 4 p ic k u p o r ro n c h e rò . *319 9 .; .7 ) yyinnooopo Indian. 23 ft. Ex- 
11-39 2-37o2 eves f» ti» nt condition. $ 1o,89 9 . Doy» 
14$9 -o$21, nites l-43S-4t81 

 poto metal fiafco, 134 ho Johnson 
$3o9 9 see $1o4 N ow como. «9 1-2844. 
C o lu m b ia 

 f XFBISI «NO NtW S 

7« 
C o l u m b i o ^ 
» o llb o o t, i equipped, $9 2o9 1o9 « 7443; otter ¡ i 4, 1-497-1284. _____________ 
■ 

 sands. W ife Says S e lli 19 7$ 2l> . — --------------- 
. 
............... .. 
T w in In b o a rd O tts h o re Sedan. 1 73 Thunderbird 18’ with ■*« John 
LO a"td With E lectro n ics e tc Im- Iso n 13$. W otk th ru w m d sh ie ld . m oculate Conditton. 453 2o73 or ; mony extros. $3t*(. 3«i 2*U 
14' T rih u li 8$ hp Chrysler, m gny 
C4fL Y75 1666 

I4’ x79 ', 1 b e d ro o m s, M o so n ito sidinp- 14 x7o', 2 bedroom s w ith iiy in p ro o m a n d den. A lso tire - ploce. i« 'x $ l’. 2 bedreems. P rice s reduced M oke on offer. 4S8 29 1) 
6 w n E R 'S è'l'tVfifc beciuifltol W 
4 
Lan cer. 72x14, two bedroom s. 2 baths. H ouse type ce n tra l q ir, washer, dryer, dishw asher, 41x9 ootio cover, etc Set up In odutt section ol nice p ork Reosonoble. 
♦2« 4211 or 331-449 * 

N C R c o s h r e p is te r , 4 d ip it t stom ps hckets, (419 R etnperatod pi* cose, $4o Potato slice r, $21. breed w arm er, $1o. Scale, iS. 
4»*-l$ 49 
NCR 49 9 M INI C O M P U T E R , mo- 

'GUARANTEED 
LOWEST PRICES 
We 
•n now tornitura 

 fcicM« of s e lo liin y moy nm. 
If you ten beet ton prke* a m eny fwmltore yeu bey from m et eny a m a r reteM tomltwre ttere w e w ill re- 
^ 4 to yeu 13o% of the 

1 frire, conliimotion requlrei! 
2 Must be wifhin 3o dayi ol purchqie - Your receipt ii pcoai of purchqie 
3 Muit be olibe and ol vome broad and/or model no s. 

UNITED DISCOUNT fURNITURE 

• W t O « Uwner 
• 3 — lO e tO Perrln-ielM H' 

 trlx P r in t e r w ith p o y r e il ond t enerol ledper softwore 1 vr. old. xeoMent con dition . T oke o ver rem oininp lease. 224-9 9 2« 
IS N CR model 11o cash replslers. 
New ond used. Reduced prices. 
227-7343 
____________ 
_ 
R esta u ra n t bootoes and tables. 
Seats 9«. Red upholstery on heavy wood fram es. Includes 1 w aitress stations. Like new condition. A ll tor $19 oo 4*31 Son Pedro. 349 -9*22 
S te n o typo sh o rth a n d m o c h ln o w ith c o s e , new - n e v e r u se d . 
Course books and paper Included. 
$329 firm . 144-44o4. 

 i x t r a Firm 

Orltiopectic Kingsizo Mot- 
I tross, 2 Bo* Springs ond foundai'On, $75 . Still m 
Origmol PcjchoQO Q u een 
Size set, $6 5 . Full Sue yet, $5 5 , Twin_S‘ze Set. 
Con Deliver Terms. 

Smith Construction Co. 
.BSIS-RSpMdwoy 349-412JT 

G A S LIG H T A N T IQ U E S 
1129 M f 
C U L L O U G H 
227 49 o1 
11 VOU bave A n tlq u e s, J e w e lry , 
D ia m o n d » , S t e r lin e , O o id o r 
O nontol Rups to soli, vou'i) get thè 
B e st P ric e fro m San A n to n io ’ » 
Finest Shop 

A n ltq u evA ccessories C oltertoble’ 
1o2o TO W N SEN D , 82* J7A4 
_______ 
A L A M O H E I G H T S _____ 
TH O M PSO N 'S Aniiaues A Things 
47o9 Rigsby, ««8 4o2« 

RegeDcyAnHques mr». Brenner. 822 9 44o, 342 (o) 

Gold 

2714 

J E W E L R Y chains and Jade 
H E L E T I Q U E S 
I« M cCultouph, 734 1) 

R in g s 

9o?NIMimE 

T O D C O E le c t r ic lif t p o t* fo r tru c k . 14o9 lb. c a p a c ity . G ood condition 49 1-41*7 
U sod o ffic e fu rn itu re . 7 desks- 
.IoskH N te typew riter, IB M cHcto- phorse equipment. Autom atic ons- w erinp m achine A il In excellent condition P riced to soli C all Jack 
MitchiHl, 932 31o7 or 4*4 433« 

S O a a t U U l i Î M I I M ï ï R M U 
A C M E L U M B E R A S U P P L Y 
19o1 Austin S t, 224-1417 
U niverso! City, 49 8 4331 
A L A M O E N T E R P R IS E S 
H AS E V C R Y T H IN O 
TO B U IL D A N Y T H IN G 

 luxurious Vetvet 
Hprtulon or Naugahyde 
Sofas 

$1oo lOVOSOQt 
$ 7 5 , 
Choir» $ 5o, Tables $ 17 eofh 
Dinette 
$ 55, 
Budioom 
Set Complete 
$ 125, 
Car- 
Ouliver. 
Terms 
Smith Construction Co. 
>51 S B Speedway 349-4 L27^ 

Displaytei 
But Nevtr Used 
Kmqiite Sedronm Set Compiete 
S22V While Gold gedroom Sel, lomboo Rotto«, Hetrulon Solo and (ho« 1139 tediner |S9 
{.fra Fura full Sue led $65 
Stereo, Solo Sleeper. 5165 Con 
Oeliver, Terra». 

I Smith Construction Co. t i s i 5-1 Ipeedway 349-412Z 

To Sell One and A ll C oli 
«33 26oo, 433 o)4o (co(h pniti) 
U nusual File C o b in rt 
O rnato Oak Sideboard 
A N T IQ U E C O T T A G E, 9 o8 Dolio» 

W o re h o u s p A A n t iq u e S a ie 
Saturday, M ay 28, * to 9 
2o19 N M A IN ; Fu rn tlure, iqbie» 
Choirs, old orm oire», w icke r, la b rics ond som piet, lom p», dried ond silk flowers. Don't m it» Ihi» 
(o1*11! 

912-FI ER MABjfnS 

Hwy 9 o W , Open E v e ry F r i Sr)t 
9 un 8 t i l t 
________________ 
F L E A m a r k e t B A R G A I N S 
Open e v e ry day. Th e S p o n u h 
M a rk e t, in d o o r, o u td o o r tieo m o rk e t. 3819 P lc a s o n to n R d 
*23-»9 14 Closed Tuesday 

9!S» ABTS. GRI FTS. I MPORTS 
B E A U T IF U L old IxS' Eighleenth 
Century Fren ch $ won Pam ttng « told Old bik Of»d red L u tu Chinese 
Screen In la id with iv o ry , hord- 
(tones ond m other of p e a rl (o r 
Information coll «9 7-118* 

B e a u tifu l 

 to tly A m erican O r C o n ­ tem porary K ingsize B e d ­ room 
»of. 
Include» 
D reiser, 
M irro r, 
C hest, 
N ight Stor'd, Bed, Foun dotion. $ 2 5 9 
O n p lo y e d 
O nly C o n Oehver. T erm i 

Smith Construction Co. 
^515-B Speedway 349 -4127 a 
* en- 
W- 
- ^ 

%o 

V IV E S A T S A R A 3o x 4o in Seo» cape, s a c rific e $ 2(9 o. European ru ro l s c e n e , 27*1o, »271 a n 
TIQUE S E A S C A P E , H E Toner. 
$2*1 O thers. 4*4 914* 

LTÎ^ÏS. S e c tio n o1 sofa, («* «9 . B e d ro o m s u ite s , complet*, $**.*9 uo 
Fawcett funiltore 
Dolorosa 
22/ 49 )2 

9o9'PAWN BROKERS 

.SOUTHERN JEWELRY CO. 

 extras, $)*$ 9 «84-4473 
CAI.. 221 16*6 

LEPPMiO LUMBER 
New screen door», $12.9 9 w indow blind», (3 99 UP Cedar 1o ' lap n gao S id in g. 3*c. U sed w indow » onri door» 319 3 W Com m erce 
(xW *is"*N O NIW 9 ' 

; 
E S T A 8 L I S H 6 D 19 o4 
, 
W E B U Y & S E L L 
» 
LACtrtS Ot»count Warehou»# 
I 
! U»ed Fu rn itu re and Appiionc«» ' 
. , , - , * i i A n c 
' » ■ .e O L I i l U M D . 
I I W « . 

 eiACI VOU« W *N t «o 
P U R P O S E S A N D E S T A T E S 
IN th( (xext»» N iw i 
J21 A LA M O P L A 2 A 
21« 1424 

918-m sijfm iRv 

A n tiq u e D ia m o n d w a t c h and 
Lodie» gold bangle broreiet 
344 oo72 
Doctor'» in ve d m e n t G ro u p •» m ieretied in buying com», »tomo», roti», proof», gold, F ro n kh n Mint», etc Contoct Dr Vogt, 73« 2o7* 
Kenilw orth Inlernattonai Sterling 
1o cup Teopot. LU I- $ 8oo, Sell 
(«9 9 R eply Expre»» Box «o64, PO 
Box 2171, S A Tx 7829 7 
P o te k P lllip e 12 » lie p o c k e i w atch. 18 c o ra t g o ld , h u n tin g 
CO»*, e x c e lle n t c o n d itio n 1*2o m odel C o lle c to r» (29 oo C o ll 
239 27)1 t) OOom I o9 pm 

R E F R IG E R A T O R 
(4o Coll 144 4849 
W ork» good 

922-Musicai I NSI I UMEMI S 

ANNIVERSARY SALE 
NEW A N D U SE D P IA N O S AND 
O R G A N S A T S I C S A V I N G S , 
»ome o» low os (34$ Antraue 
Knob«, a ra re bargain Chicker- ing G rand, Ilk« new, only (2**9 
New Spinet», (788, large »election 
Ai»o Rent lo-Buy 
OacDart's Music Plaza 

CALI 22» 1666 

Souin»tde 223 «191 )4fto Nognnto» 
N orthtide «9 4-«**) 9 239 WoHem 
(3 bik» Ea»t ot Wtnd»or Mott) 

San Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS 

 i!22 • MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS 

$ 2 o .o o A M o n th f t n t i 
A BALDWIN PIANO 
Rw» A ppllo* on R urtK a i* 
S IM S B A L D W IN 
6 2 3 L o c k M ll* $ « t m a * r f 
3 4 4 - 4 1 ) 9 
W ir t d io r h o c k M a l l 
6 S 4 - 6 Y 77 

 i Am peg Dim A rm strong boss gut 
! tor. Best otier. 1-379-2933. 
12 Amplifiers. 2oo wafts, bull horn and tweeter, has equalizer, 6 m ike ja c k »1,ooo C a s h 
222-oo72 or 
433-6o98 aft *pm 

922 - MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS 

A T T E N T IO N : C H U R C H 
A N D M U S IC C O V E R S ! 
R e tir e d d e a le r W A R E H O U S E 
C L O S E O U T . Absolute w holesale p lu s the co st o! th is ed. K IM 
B A L L 'S F in e s t C h u rc h O rg cn , rom ptete with 2 stereo cabinets, 
La rg e selection of K im ball Home 
O rgans, K im ball G rands, Studios, 
A rtis t Consoles, A rtis t Sp inets 
O pportunity of vour lifetim e. All instrum ents m ust go! P ia n o O r­ g a n O is c o u n t W a r e h o u s e ,9 1o 
M ain S t ,Bastrop , Tx B y appoint­ ment only anytim e-d ay,evening, 
Sunday, 1-321-3879. Let ring 2o times. 
_________________________ 

Saturday May 28 1 9 7 7 

922 musicai mmm 
1 Stmkmmmm 

922 MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS I ^ • MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS, 

C R IT C H E T T P IA N O C d 
No Tim e Lim it on R i*nta& 
R ental Pu rch ase P fo h f 
19o7 W.W oodlown _________ /34M217 

Hammond C 3 organ, good epadi- tion. »18oo 223-9*15_________ * 
H A M M O N D Po rto B without Ces- lie, »12oo or best offer. «57 2963, 
H A M M O N D X T P ~ 
V irtu ally unused. Consider cash offers near $2,25o. A ppro*. »9oo below cost, 6 9 o - o 2 1 o ._______ 

G em einhardt flute. »9 o 
*84 8523 

O R G A N S and P IA N O S R E N T E D option to buy no tim e lim it 
Da cberf’s Music Piazo 
14oo N O G A L IT O S 
223 615) 
$23» W A L Z E M R D 
654 6661 
P e a 'v y 
S p e a k e r 
B o * . 
4 12" 

| K im b all e lectric p laye r piano, like 
! new, »12oo »33-7o26 
_________ _ 

! R egal G uitar, and case. E x celle n t ) 
: Cand. 
12oo. 
CaM after 
5pm 
1823 * 
5 
9 
1 
________________ 

■ W a n t to b uy u sed Sax o p h o n e s, 
! »ov co sh. 223-6151. 
____________ 

Y a m ah a Spinet P ia n o Used 2 vrs, m a tch in g b e n ch , p e rfe c t fin ish 

DOGS— PETS 

 speakers *2oo or offer 684-2413 aft 
*!r l? W ? - 733-1346, 
8pm 

Kim bail upright piano E a s y Ac- 
______________________________ tion, *27». Also Beautiful Ventura 
Baldw in 5'2” grand piano, Eb o ny ¡e le c t r ic g u ita r , *12», V in ta g e finish, com tem pnrary style case. ; Fender twin am p, S2So. 313-5863, 
Excellent cond. 826 3592 
R ussell see at 2118 R igsby 

S P IA N O , a n tiq u e 
R o s e w o o d 
Knobe, »375. 684-3994. ______________ 
! P la y e r Piano , Value *23oo M ake j Offer. 492-9523 
_________________ 

P la y e r Piano, com pletiy restored 

.Y A M A H A YC3Ö O rq a n . E x c e l cond M ust see to b e lieve! $85o. 
1224-9897 

924 NURSERIES. EABDfH 

 in clu d in g case , foot pum p and ; G r e e n h o u s e s o le , o ff s e a s o n 
*i*cfrtc. 
$16oo. 
6726 
Leytand, j Term s. F re e d e live ry, 924-5oo3 

NAVAR R O MANO CO. 
Tremendous reduction. 
Plane end ergons. 
Choose from iroditionol, 
Spanish, or Itolion Prowntiof. 

8oby grondi: Botdwm, Hnson 
' and Hem liti, Chkkenng 
Spinet style pianos, 
Kke new 
$ 5 9 5 
Shop with us and save low overhead 
NAVARRO 
PIANO COMPANY 
17o2 H. Colorado 
734 -64 63 

BB6S-CATS BIBOS PETS 
.936 m - nogs SATS-HROS RETS 

REGISTERED 
BLUETICK PUPS 

TEX. TR. BANGING 
KENNELS 

These Puppies are 6 wks. old and Championship 

MALE 
Day s 
Nltes 

Bred. 
FEM ALE 

2 2 7 - 1 - 3 1 1 

3 4 2 - 7 6 3 5 

T F *.K 

A ir cond. 2o,ooo B T U . 2 yr*, Old. 
»2/5 or best offer 696-222o. 
A ir C o n d itio n e r M o n fg o m tr y 
W ard , 2o,ooo B T U , used only 3 m as. asking *3oo or best o ffe '. 
341-4128 
A ir C o n d itio n e r ! F r ig id a ir e » 
12,ooo B T U , 115V, *165. 927-5827 

P O O L 
T A B L E , 
F i s c h e r s regulation sire. 9» in. single slate top with ao tk »H $4oo. 494-6354 
PO O L T A B L E 3>V x 7 “ b ar size, good condition, slate, cues, b alls, and ra c k in clu d e d , *59 o 
Ask tor Bob D a y; 226-1437, nights, 
657 2183. 

2 11o -air co n d itio n e rs *1oo to . 
Nice wood windows with fram es. 
Doors. 
Wood porch colum ns. 
344 5585 
A ir Conditioner, 8oooBTU Se ars, 
*75 1911 Color TV with furniture stand $65. 6 gun wood cabinet with d r a w e r , e x c e lle n t co n d ,, *6$ 
622-9354 alter 4 pm 

Portable Dishw asher, works p er­ fect. *35, Kenm o re G as Stay# , 4 burner, alm ost new »6o. 826-7o73 

4o,ooo pounds c a rd b o a rd , both sides smooth. W ill sell as scrap. 
Tour pick-up, call Jo hn Pingei or 
R aul 
Kim , 
512-843-2767. 
M ake oder. 
R ainbow Vacuum Cleaner, still in box paid *5oo Sell for *375. Call 
657 1397, es, wood 

A ir conditioner, 18.5ooBTU, 22oV, like new, *175. 674 8956 
A IR C O N D IT IO N E R * F e d d e rs , 
8o o o B T U , lis V, *1 15 927-5827 

R ange, Tappen e le c tric, double oven. H a rve st gold. Lik e new 6726 
Leytord. 655-336S___________________ 
R C A C O LO R T V 19 ” , *2oo with stand, air cond., 6ooo B T U , *75. 
Potariod cam e ra *3o, Instam atic, 
*1o. Shotgun, pump, 12 guage, $75. 
923-3888. 

Receipt Books 
D uplicate m oney re ce ip t books, 
E a book has 15oo receipts, 12 ea. 

Aiom o Hfs, 118 Abiso Frig td o ire refrig erator freezer, self defrost­ ing. O lder m odel in good co n d i­ tion Pastel yellow. *125________ ___ 
A ll A ntiq ues: s id e b o ard , *14o; 
China ca b in e t $ i35, M e ta l gas stove, *35, Oak d resser *7o *9 5; 
Singer e lectric sew ing m ach in e 1 page. 4o% Oiscount. 82-5663 

Z 'H l 
S,mK°.'! Wnnr r, 
R ecliner, green, good condition type w ash er, *35. 2 blue v e lv e t n r *27* headboards, *2o a p air. 2 beige single headboards, *8 a pair. O f­ fice desk, *»o, finished, m ost see to ap p reciate. F irs t com e, firs t serve. 735-9o14. 

A L L K IN D S O F F U R N I T U R E ! 
Like new E a r ly A m erican queen size bedroom set, complete, *75o. I 
B assett d ining room set. D e sk , i 
*49 . Coffee and end fables, *69 set. 
C hest, *29 
T w in bed, *3S, R e ­ frigerator, stove, M U C H M O R E ! 
17o5 
W est 
Ave. 
Ioam-7pm. 
732-6595 

A N T IQ U E s h o ts h e ll r e io a d e r , 
12,16,2o g au g e , ro u n d c r im p e r co m p le te w ith a ll a c c e s s o r ie s , j 
M any ports Atter 6PM . 695-8126 
Antiques, Oriental rugs, cut glass, 
Oliver, china, crys ta l, p aintings. ! 
732 6435 Ioom-6pm __________________ I 
Antiaue ta ve rn table, 42” round w alnut, w ith 4 antiq ued c a rv e d bock spindle chairs. »45o 734-5283 

Apt size gas stove, 3o” , also re- frig. 7o6 W est Ave. 732 o6oo 

*35, 333 6276 

R E F R IG E R A T O R Fro st tree, 17 
I Cu ♦< 6 yrs. old 1175 82« 8/31 
R e t r ig e r a lo r s , 57S, a n d *15. 
! 732 *139 or 735-7214 e v e s 
__________ 
R e frig e ra to r, » e a rs fro s t fre e , 
■ good condition, *8o 227-6828 
R egfrigerator, 2 door good con­ dition *8o Call $33-3392 
R O L E X P R E S ID E N T 
349 37o1 
349-1639 
R oom A ir C o n d ition er, n o c u r ­ rent, used 3 mo,, Fed d ers $1oo. 
735-4527. _________ 
R o y a l m a n u a l ty p e w r it e r w ith cose, pica type. $4o. 655 5417 
R u g e r 44 m ag n u m , w ith pistol cose, 
*12o. 
Call after 
7PM. 
696-27o7. 
________________________ 

R V air conditioner, M ark IV , *1o«. 
Call 653-7628 

Term s. F re e del lorgo 
732-! 

Antique» • Old - M odem 
FumHwo 
HOUSE PORCH 
& YARD SALE 
3o1 Bianco Road 
Sot. Moy 28, Sun. M ay 29 
12 AM to S PM 
Fine furniture from apt. Com plex ■ priced to move. Velvet and ymyl modem and Spooisb ] chairs, solos, ioveseots. Chairs start at $19.5o. Ioveseots $59.5o up. 811 tleon ond serviceable. 
Triple dressers, solid ornate oak, genuine mople, walnut and chrome suites, 3o better grade nightstonds. Twin bedroom suite just $149 5o. 
Forty American oH hardwood dinette, $119.5o Modern chrome ond acrylic 1 pc. set, 1/2 price at 
$115. &me good mattress and boxspring sets os low as $34 5o. 
ANT'.QUES: 
6 cons bottom bentwood chairs. Old walnut, oak, mahogany executive office chairs. Huge round top china cabinet and buffet. Mahogany china cabinet. 
Solid 
Walnut armoire, circa 
187o. 
Pewter ptkher. Old oak rockers ond din­ ing chairs. Old kitchen choirs. 
Mopie folding chairs. 
MoF9N FURN: Sunk beds, com plete, maple chests of drawers and othefs. Western oak and iron bar stools, other bar stools. 
Pine and maple betler grode co(fee and commode fables. 
Safari loveseat, leopard cover, brass trim. ?Q Italian tub chairs arig. $139.5o, choke $28.5o. 
Formko round dinette tables and much more including 2 good old bedroom suites, need finishing, $39 5o and $59.5o. 

G IB SO N P A system , 4 channel, 2 c o lu m n s . S u r e m ic r o p h o n e s . 
Stand. 657-3812. 

G A R A G E 
S A L E 
A ll ite m s im aginable. 581* W ood g rain, off 
R ittim an in 
Bristol 
Place. 
Sat-Sun. 
G a s rang e, S ig n a tu re , av o c ad o green, *125, best offer 822-91*3 

G ara g e Sale swing set, playpen, toys, bikes, e x ce lle n t b ab y and f| ch ild ren s cloths, bedding, K irb y v a c u u m , c a rp e t, m is c. F r i- S a t 
27-28, 39o2 Q uiver. 

G A R A G E S A L E - M isce ïiân e o u s and a lot of clothing 559 s W 34th street, rear. 433-64o5_______________ 
G A R A G E S A L E S o l 
28, 281 8 
K n ig h t R o b in. L o ts of go od ies, some junk. 

ORGANS 
. 
PIANOS] 
■HAMMOND 
' 
EVERETT I 
RODGERS 
KAWAII 
CABLE NEISoN 
New From *495 
Used From* 195 

425 N. Main 2 24 -5 5 26 ] 

Wonderland 7 32-8 5 29 ] 

North Star 
344 -o24 8 

A-A A K C S H IH TZU P U P S 
Motes, Fem ales, Shots, 342-73o 
A-Adorable Chihuahua Puppies 
Of 
623-2442 

Adorable AKC Yonkie Pups 
Male, fem ale, t sm. $ m o fern to loving homes. No sm alt children. 
824 - 4 3 2 7 _______________ 
Afghan Puppies for sale 
B a rb a ra ____________________696-959o 
A K C Afghan Hounds, 7 w ks *15o 
W onted P ig la il M onkey 734 o351. 

ARC Alaska« Malamute 
Shots, w orm ed , guaranteed . Ch. 
Bloodlines. 681-1267, 696-6867 

Gold Card M em bership in Thou­ sand Oaks Co. Club *9oo. 349-3548. 
G o lf C a rt, B ag , 8 H o g an irons, putlar, sand club, 4 Pe rsim m o n woods. N ew grips. »125. 661-8189 
G o lf irons, Pro -Lin e, s a c rific e , half of cost. *55. 674-7475. 

G o od p r a c t ic e p ia n o fo r s a le 
(Spinet) *45o, 433-8o86 aft 5pm. 
H a m R a d io e q u ip m e n t, HT-37, 
*9 5, 1 K w Linear, *75; Clegg 22er 
*9 o. A il in v e ry good condition. 
684-8442 after Spm. 
Hidea-oed sofo, olive green, *6 o, coffee table with ce n te r cabinet d ark m opie *6o, 349-3oo2. 
Ho llyw oo d tw in bed. S e rta M a t­ tress and Springs, exceii. cond. 
*5o Cash Oniv. 653-1451 

3-in-l baby ca rria g e 
*22 5o. 
826-o719. 

3 Ja p a n e s e punch p ic tu re s , in fra m e t red bam boo, pink and lilac flowers, Jap an ese Tea Cart. 
*22 eo. 623-1473 _________ 
Kim ball Upright P»ano, Ex cellen t 
C ondition. *6oo, Z e n ith co nsole 
Stereo, *2oo. 696-89*2. 
K in g size w ater bed and fra m e w ith therm o stat. O ne y e a r old. 
*2oo. inquire 225-7111 

K irb y Vacuum , 2 speed, like new attachm ents. 
B al due 
*97.89 
*53-2121. 
K IR B Y Vacuum C le an e r, atl a t­ tachm ents includ ed . 2 y rs . old. 
Like new! 333-594o 

L a d y K e n m o r e W a s h e r a n d 
D r y e r , h a rv e s t gold *35o w ith 
Sears t yr w arranty. 82* 7o73. 

Automatic washer and d rye r, *65 ea 22« 5o75 

S A L E 
O D D S A N D E N D S 
427 W C R A IG A P T I 
733 7573 

Baby bed *25, 2 Chevy vans, high bock, buckets *119 *61/457 

S and W m odel 3«, 22 re vo lve r, blue, never been fired. Adiustable sight. *14o. 696-8875. 

B a n d Saw , (C ra ftm a n 12” ) alt metal with 1 ihp motor and steel stand - workbench, asstd. blaaes, 
*145, 826-o922 after 6pm 

S E A R S 
C O L D S P O T c h e s t treezer, >1 SO. 333-516«. 
Se ve ra l Old R adios, 618 Cantrell. 
(Southside) A fter « 3o 

W ic k e r f u r n it u r e . 
W ill s e ll together or separate. R easonable prices. After «pm 53« 3223_________ 
W o o d la k e G o lf- C o u n try C lu b membership, 
*9oo best otter, 
6*1-6845 

B a rg ain * Hide-a bed, m a tch in g love seat Herculon. Lik e new. A l­ so, Beautiful ontique-sfyle hang­ ing lamp. 344 oo72 
B A R G A IN S E V E R Y D A Y ! Bed 
*35, couch *35, stoves, re frig e ra ­ tors, used clothing. L u c k y's Used 
Furniture 6625 5 Flores 927 361 1 
B a rg a in s in Clothes, la d y 's and men s nothing over *1o. Sun-Mon 
71« M cN eel R d 733 8681. 
Bor, 5 piece dinette, Cali K a re n 
828 1341, «92-265« Otter 5.3o 
B e a u tifu l D u n ca n P h y fe ta b le captain chair, 5 side chairs, buf­ fet Must sell. *425. Also 186o an ­ tique brass beds. 
661-296o or 
66! 29o« 
B e d , c h a ir s , ta b le , T V , tw in ioveseots, dinette, re frig e ra to r, i miscellaneous 924-36oo.___________ 
B e e r B o r , C o m p le te w ith ta p , iholds lu ll keg, *2oo. 653-6822. 

Shag and indooi ana outdoor c a r­ nets, ping-pong table set *3o, íun- gle gym *15, g irls 5-soeed bike 
*2o 222-9357 

•1 2 i2 4 ÉREERHOüSf • 
TO B E M O V EO , *495 
344-3348 
A SK F O R D E N N IS________ 
1ox16 Tent *6o. H e a v y D in ette 
(v e llo w ) *45. C o le m a n S to v e , chest *25 , ice ch e st, s k is *1o. 

Law nm ow ers: 18", *45; 2o", *5o. 
438 O rchard 337-36o5 
L E A V I N G 
T O W N 
S E L L I N G 
E V E R Y T H IN G - a ir cond. *45, be­ d ro o m s u ite *15o, ro o m ty p e heater *io, coffee fable and lam p table *25. 435-68o7. 

L IK E N E W , V E L V E T traditional floral couch *3oo, m ake an offer f o r m a r b le fop f a b le s , w o o d tobies, tamps and m isc. 6*1 3669. 
Living room furniture, baby chest of d raw ers and items, nightstand! shag ca rp e t, size 1o m a te rn ity d resses, m o w er, s p r e a d e r and edqer, tricycle. 6S6-I836. ___________ 
> Love seat, like new, *9 S. Stereo 
: console, *1oo. *32 39o« 

S h e rato n sofa 
F r e n c h c h o irs . 
E a r ly A m e rica n dining ch a irs. 
Hand m ade M orrocan rugs sand I each, 1o' tin sheets, m is c e lla n colored, floor lam p, p air antique eous. 81*8-66*7 ______________________ 
French lamps, tope recorder un­ used. 681-o431 

 j M agic chef gas ran g e *9 5. Sofa 
*2o N ew wooden crad le with pad 
! *35 435-798o 

Shotgun R em . 11oo *2oo D ouble bed *35 complete, 658 29*1. 

Y a m ah a flute- *11o. Trom bone, 
*75 *55 19*4_________________________ 
12o Yd s gold c a rp e t, in good shape. 828-1191 tor appointment. 

ADMETS 
O ver 3,ooo perm anent m agnets of toi uses. 
At 
Salvag e price. 
822 5*63. 
Shotgun, S e ars 12 gauge, m odel 
2oo W in c h e s te r, w ith v a r ia b le choke and case *1oo 828-7649 
929 GARAGE SALES 

Shotshell reload er, M E C 25o oil gauges 12 , 16, 2o, plus e x tra s , m iscellaneous components- B est otter otter *PM . *95-8126 

Bicycle, ladies 26" S-speed, excel­ le n t cond , *5o 454-o552 After * or weekends___________________________ 
B ig B ra s s king size h e ad b o a rd , 
¡**5 3 piece kingsize m attress set, 
:extra firm , never used, with wide 
(roller steel fram e *148. G en erally 
I home 484 8234. 
(Bike, 1o-spd Germ an, 27” fram e, 
*45 826 7*29 after 5pm 
Black and D ecker Law nrnow er 2 y r s old, g r a s s c a t c h e r , *5o. 
: 6*1-2189 after 6pm flu e sectional living room set, 2 fin i lamp tables 342-o*59. 
5Boehm plates, y e a rs 72, 73, 74, 
*275 tor 3 822-93o2 ______________ 

Bran d new fables 2 end, and 1 cocktail. Sm oked g lass fops by 
Bassett *2oo *61 *25o 

Shuk-Jn Is having a G ara g e Sale. 
Plants, R ugs and Stuff. 1oam un- til, 75o* Standing Oaks. Live Oak 
Singer Golden Touch and S E W , 
*99 . Does everything. 3*4-9*71. 

 i D iv o rc e G a r a g e S a le ! F ri- S u n 

 i M a y 27-29 . F r e e z e r , s o fa and 
; chairs, 4 m aple chairs, w asher, 2 
I twin beds, 2 double beds, 2 m aple ch e sts, d r e s s e r , to y s , g a m e s , clothes, dishw asher, tools, fans, p eacocks, M IS C . *114 W a r Bon net, *84-4972 

M a g r im s w ith lo w m ile a g e r a d ia is m o u n te d , fo r V W o r 
Porsche. *9o. 333-7997. 

S le e p e r sofa, q u e en siz e E a r l y 
Am erican, *8o *56-4145 after Spm 

M a rs h a l) 5o w att head, P e a v e v base rig, Sunn P A system , E ch o plex, m ikes and stand, Am peg V-4 cabinets, etc., etc. A ll e x cellen t condition. 342-3597 after SP.M . 
M attress and Box Sp rings Queen 
Sim m ons *58 Cash 434 *673 

G a r a g e S ale - m is c e lla n e o u s 
Ite m s . 
S u n . T u e s , 
29 31 
9 A.M.-7P M . 7223 Tim berleos. Oft 
E v e rs R d 
926 MACHINERY TOOLS 

G A R A G E SALE-85o6 Country V il­ lage, form erly Cindy Lan e behind 
G unn Oldsm obile M a y 31-June 1,2. 
E v e ry th in g p rice d to sell, m ost under 
* 1. 
Appliances, m iscellaneous 

B ra n d New, 8', 18 ga. Sheet M etal 
B ra k e , B ra n d N ew 22 ga. Lock- form er. Both $175o. 1-444-4174. 

G A R A G E S A L E : 
T h u r s - F r i, 
9 am-5pm. 
1o19 C erro Alto 
(off 
B lanco) 

Bulldozer, H D 11, AC, p erfect for oil field w ork. W inch, h y d ra u lic straight blade, new pads, m otor re ce n tly o v e rh a u le d , v e r y good condition. 1-393-3137. 

G A R A G E S A L E : 9 6)6 B e a r Creek 
(H e rita g e F a r m ). 9 am-4pm Sat. 
M ay 28 
G A R A G E 
S A L E : 
F r i S a t . 
9 am-5pm. 54o3 E lte ia n o ( E l Do­ r a d o ), S lid e p r o je c t o r , b a b y clothes, toys, M IS C 
G ara g e Sate: Sat Only 8-12 H um ­ mels, Silver, B ra s s , Copper and more. 119 Patterson 
G ara g e Sale: 2 chest *5 ea. Coffee 
T ab le *15. J r 
B e d 515 Clothes, 
Household ite m s and toys. L iv e 
Oak 7616 Otd Spanish Trail 
G a r a g e Sale - B o o k s , c lo th e s , m iscellaneous. 4o34 Tallulah. 

OARAGE SALE 
C lo th e s, b ooks, co n so le s te re o 
(needs r e p a ir), collectab les, old wood hangle golf clubs, je w e lry and other goodies. 519 R obinhood 
Place. 
G A R A G E S A L E : Cash R eg ister, 
W a tc h R e p a ir m a n T o o ls , O ld 
Neon Sign, La w n C hairs, Clothing 
E t c . S t a r t in g S a t. u n til S o ld 
Out 6627 Old H ig h w a y 9o W est, 
R e ar, 674 9878 
H a lf p ric e g a ra g e s a le , m a n y ite m s to n u m e ro u s to m ention. 
3911 
Pip ers 
Court. 
In 
F o rre st 
Glen 

Heritage F a rm s , Sat. M a y 28. 1322 
R io Lindo. 3 fam ilies involved 
Huge Sale: Ev e ry th in g - co llecta­ bles, T h u rsd a y , F r id a y and S a ­ turday. 26* Brettonwood, 826-2873, 
M O V IN G - G A R A G E S A L E - b e ­ droom drapes, curtains, utensils, law n chairs, firep lace irons, fine la d ie s c lo th e s 
11-12, m e n s m e d iu m , m u c h , m u c h , m u c h m o re . C h e ap 
I1 - 5 PM Sat-Sun. 
21o2 
Edgehill, off 
N 
New 
Braunfels 
M U L T I F A M I L Y 
G A R A G E 
S A L E : Fri-Sat, 9 am-5pm. Storage shea, 7'x9 ', $75. (Y o u D isasse m ­ b le). Mini-bike, 3hp motor, *1oo. 
R e clin e r, baby item s, white, un­ iform s, clothing, stereo, cry s ta l, s ilv e r , fu rn itu re , T V , c u rta in s , toys, tric y c le , m ink stole, e n c y ­ clo ped ias, coins, M IS C 
IT E M S . 
S ie rra North, 4919 C asa Oro 
P A R T O F E S T A T E S A L E 
S om e a n tia u e s , b ed ro o m fu r n i­ tu re (d iffe r e n t s iz e s ), 2 liv in g ro o m set, b a r s to o ls , a n tia u e chairs, antique dresser. LO T S O F 
O T H E R F U R N I T U R E C ash on­ ly! No checks! 8am 5:3opm 6223 
W ig w a m T - B ird H ills Sat-Sun. 
M a y 28-29 

E S T A T E S A L E 
M any items old, * M a ttre s s , box s p rin g s , m a p le , collector's items, lemon furniture, , dinette, 454-6725 ___________________ 

Sm afi Chest, *3o, R e ch n e r. *35, 
Platform $35, W ater Cooler, *25, 
224-o21o 
Sola, black 8o ", *1oo N C R cash register, $45o. W orld Book e n cy ­ clopedia with Child Croft and dic­ tionary, 
19*1 edition, 
$1oo. 
437-o252 

 household goods, clothing, lawn- m o w er. 341 W 
M a rip o s a (9 -5) 
Thursday, F n d a v , Satu rd ay 

E S T A T E S A L E : Slarts Tues-Mov 
31, E v e ry th in g G o e s ! O ld b rass bed, oak rabbit e ars press b ack chairs. High bock oak chairs, oak 

M attress, orthopedic firm , aueen- size, like new, **o. *8) o914 

M attre ss or box sp rings. $27.5o. 
R enovated. 924-78)7 ________________ 
M aytag w asher and d ry e r, eiec- 
‘ric , $ yrs , old, exc. co nd ition. 

P la n t a t io n H o u s e A p ts ,. A p ­ pliances, furniture, clothes, e v e r­ ything g o e s !!! 539 M cC arty, Par- ly R oom, F ri. and Sat., 8 *.________ 
P o rch sale! Sat-Sun, M a y 28-29. 
)oam-*pm, 314 M cLo n e 

Coble Tool Oil D rilling R ig. 3,2oo ft new drill line, com plete with tools. 
512 47* 9 8o* 
C A S E M o d el 1537 R u b b e r tire 
Uni-loader Good tires, good con­ dition 
*45oo. 
Canyon 
La ke 
(1)935-2117 
Ditch W itch of C entral Texas 
Sales— S e rv ic e — P a rts 
N ew and Used Trenchers 
Call 625-7211, N ew Braunfels 

OLD ENGLISH SHEEPDOG 
1« the Cfghraenfti C w d v ry , w hen 
O td bnglkti Sheepdog we* w m * 
»o drive xhoep end cattle to the m arketplace, the »hart-decked tail ex em p te d It from tax atio n a* a w orking dag. N e w , ht tptte e t It* large *ixe end w eight. It m ake* an intelligent and affectionate house 

Tiny Toy Y o rk ie Pop s, fem ale *73-2515. 

S y r *<d 

T R U E M IN . D A C H S H U N D PUP* 
A K C Stud Se rvice . *9 6 iS8b. 
U K C-A O BA P it B u ll T e rrie r ptUps. shots, worm ed *85 * S8-7876,_— 
W A N T AN A K C D O G ’ 
S A Dog B re e d e rs R e fe rra l S e r­ vice will put you in touch with a n e a r b y r e p u ta b le b r p e a e r 
494 7787, *73-4*o3. 
W ant Good Home for P o rt Setter, 
Cocker. L a v e * K id s. *84-o4ffe' »% 
3 Young C h a rria is Bulls, R eg- 
*21-2138 

A K C Boxer Pups. Faw n colored, w orm ed. Call 224-1433. 
A K C Boxer Puppies, Show Quali- ly. *96-o223 otter * p.m. 
A K C B O X E R S , Faw n, born 5-2-77. 
Call *56-42o4. 
A K C Boxers, R eg. 2 m ales. 
656-2247 
A K C B ritta n y Spaniel Pup s, exc. bloodline, 341-561o 
A K C B r i t t a n y S p a n ie l P u p s , lO w k s *5o w p a p e r s *25 wo- papers. 492-2797 
A K C Buff-W hite C o cker, lo vab le mole. 
6 mos 
*55. 
734-8769; 
494 36o8. 

AKC Chihuahua Puppies 
435-7o57 r r 
A K C C ocker Spaniel puppies 
Blonde, *1oo. 656-782o 
A K C Collie Pup, Sable-White m ale 
9 w ks 
Shots 
W orm ed 
*6o. 
1538 758o 
A K C D achshund P u p s 
674-3o82 

F O R S A L E O R L E A S E 
Doziers, S cra p e rs and Blad e 
Call I 885-4457 or 1 885-7144 
F O U N D A T IO N R IG 
S E T U P F O R S A L E 
Victor M ello 626 2174 
75o ft 2 o W elding Cable. 8oc ft. 
333 9292. 
Gattion 5o3A M otor G ra d e r, D ie­ sel Eng. Serial No. HDo5542. M a ­ chine is in exc. cond *12,*oo M ille r 
Curb B u ild e r M odel NC65o Lik e 
N e w *275o 
1-9 9 7-3126, 8 1o 5. 
1-997-42o5 Off 6. 

G ra d e r Model O, 19*7, R e al Good 
Condition. 734-2328. 
IH C , TD-7C D O Z E R , 6-way H y ­ d raulic blade. R opes canopy, ex­ cellent condition *12,5oo. Canyon 
La ke (1)9 35-2117 
L a rg e extrusion plastic m achine, 
Stokes and W indsor, model R C65. 
F irst ' *2ooo cosh. 
*33-2*oo, 
633 o34o, 
L a th e , d r ill p r e s s , s u r f a c e g r in d e r , b r a k e p r e s s - 1oft. 
S e v e ra l other m a ch in e ry item s. 
S e llin g a ll. *74 83o2, *73-4341 ; after 5 call coll 696-2338. 
•73 M assey Ferguson Model 25oo diesel forklift with 21' ? ft. most. 
E x c e lle n t condition. C o ll D enzil 
Taylor 713-629 oo2o 
M echanic Punch Press, 1oo Ion 2 columns, 25x48 table. 3' z” stroke. 
*74-83o2; after 5: *96-2338. 
One Je n n y Steam C leaner 
*1oo________________________ 922-o13* 
P T O U n it w ith 54o rpm for D-4 
C a t e r p illa r . 
342-1231 d a y s ; 
342-6855 nifes. 

A K C D o b e rm a n M a le P u p , 12 
W ks, Blk R ust. 922-17oo, 924 *326 

A K C R eg. St. B ern ard s, 1 m ale, 1 tern. 13 mos. F o r Sole. 349-9S89 
A K C 
S a m o y e d p u p s , s h o ts , worm ed, 
1-358-88o8 ewes, and wkends 
A K C Sh e ltie s Sab le F e m a le s , 8 wks. 655-7864 

G e r m a n S h o r t h a ir e d P o in t e r ! 
Pups. Ch S ire and D am . Elm en dorf 1-39 1*754 ______________________ 
G iv e A w ay 2 Dogs to M atu re P e r ­ son *53-329*. 

Y O U R P E T 
F O R P R O T E C T IO N 
W ill Train Y O U R dog regardless of B re d o r size to o ro fect you, your foftiHy ond home. 326-3S33. 

P E A C M E S - P ick your own. Scholl 
F a r m s 
O r g a n ic a lly g ro w n peaches. *7.5o bushel. S mi-so* of 
M arble F a lls on R anch-M kt 2147E o ff H w v 281. 8A M 7P M , O p en wkends. 1-693-4188 
___ 

94? Fawn Efluipment Supplies 

A K C Shelties. Beau ty and love in a s m a lt p a c k a g e . 
Id e a l fo r obedience. 458-55*4 

G REAT DANES 
Cham pion sired. 1-755-4*9* 

A K C S h etlan d Sheepdogs (M in . 
Collies) shots, worm ed *73-777*. 

G re a t D anes, A K C , B la c k s and 
H arlequins, * w ks otd, shots and worm ed. Austin 282-o895 

A K C S I B E R IA N H U S K Y P U P S , 
Line B re d , Ch. Bloodlines. B la ck and W hite, some with blue eyes. 
O ur Dogs ore bred from sled ra c ­ ing p are n ts. *2oo. N a n b il's Hus- kies, Call for appt. 342-8973. 

G .S .P , P u p s fro m G e r m a n Im- porl A K C . *74-31o7 offer 5 

A K C S ib e ria n H u s k y Stu d S e r ­ v ice . C o p p er and W h ite ; B la c k a n d 
W h ite , m a le s . 
E x c . 
Conform ation. P ro ve n Studs *15o 
Call F o r Appt. N anb il's Huskies, 
342-8973. 
______ 
A K C S p rin g e r S p a n ie l pup p ies, 
Cham pion sired. *22-3242__________ 

AKC ST. BERNARD 
Puppies 
. 
*48-3244 
A K C T in y To y P o o d le s , shots, worm ed, groomed. Silve r. $1oo. 
699-o353 
A K C Y o rk ie Pups, Stud Se rvice 
735 *851 
734-273o 
Am . Field trial ch. line. Eng . set­ ters. vacc. 55o 824-7788 
A P R IC O T M IN . P O O D L E S 
* wks. 
674-8657. 

A K C D oberm an R ed m ale, $25o at 
Stud, anytim e. *61-6878. 
____________ 

AliCcEn9, Slrtnger Pups 

A K C G e rm an Shepherd Puppies, 
E x c . T e m p e ra m e n t. C h. B lo o d ­ lines. Only 1 fem ale. *54-6687. 
A K C G erm an Shepherd Pup s, Ch. 
B lo o d lin e , a ll s h o ts . H e a lt h c e r tif ic a t e s . H a ll a ll p a r e n ts , 
»35-UP. 1-663-2741. ______________ 
A K C Golden R e trie v e r Pu p p ie s, 
Show background. 828-3855 
A K C Golden R e trie v er Pup s, field an d s h o w b a c k g r o u n d $175. 
681-393o; 681-3593. 

A K C Golden R e trie v e r Pup p ies 7 wks $1oo $ 125. 828-7oo5 
________ 
A K C G re a t D ane H arlequin 
M A L E , 
E A R S 
C R O F F P E D . 
648-1263. 

AKC LABRADORS 
Yellows-Blks-Choc’s. 826-3393. 
A K C L a b r a d o r P u p s , Y e llo w - 
Blks-R educed Prices. 492-9394. 
A K C , M a le W ie m a ra n e r, 8 w ks, 
Cham p, blood line, »125. 684-4743. 
A K C m iniature schnaozer Shots. 
H o use b ro k en . Good w ith c h il­ dren. 2 cute moles. 684-7539 
A K C M in ia tu re L o n g h a ir Dach- shund P u p s , »85-up. 649-2133. 
A K C M in Schnauzer Pup s. I own 
Sire and Oam . 659-1157. 

S m a ll P u n c h P r e s s *25o. S te v e 
Spence. 698-2141; 695-8978 
W IS C O N S IN A N D K O H L E R 
R e p lacem en t engines. P a rts and s e rv ic e . R e b u ilt and e x ch a n g e . 
Single thru V4. 824-2o91. 

A K C P o m e ran ian m ale puppies, 
*75 ea. 828-1745 
A K C P O O D L E Pu p p ie s, B la c k s and W hites 5 wks old. 534-9o42. 

 eee A K C P O O O L E S • « 
T o y s a n d s m a ll m in ia t u r e s , apricot or white. 344-797o. 

938 POULTRY RA8BITS-BEES 

Bantam s, * Silkies, 3 Golden Sea 
Brights, 
3 
A rau ca n s. 
Pullets. 
344-7379 

A K C R eg B asset Hound Puppies, 
Ch. Sired. 349-89*7. 
A K C R eg. Buff Colored Spaniels 7 w k s , 2 m a le s le ft *125 f ir m . 
826-23o4 an ytim e ; 828-66S3 a fte r 5 til 8 p.m. _____________________________ 

15 B E E H IV E S , new equipm ent, 
*55. and up. 492-1874, 
A K C R eg. Chow Pu p p ies- Black. 
1-995-3393 D a ys ; 1-995-3785 aft *. 

932 AUCTION SALE 

A K C R eg. Irish Setter Pu p s *1oo 
Pick of Litter. 474-85oo. 

P O R C H S A L E : vacuum cleaner, clothes, O D D S A N D E N D S . 871 
Gillette 

 d r e s Ä r s! stde boo rd w ith be vil I 

Sota, 4-uc sectional. Stereo cab in­ et Black-white T v *5 4 *774 

S O F A S L E E P E R , Q ueen size , 
*85, overstuffed chair, 
*35. 
45* 1753. 

 m irror, high bock p ress rocking chairs, Bow front China Cabinet, claw feet, aii kinds o» collectable glass, Spanish M ed iterranean be­ droom suite. Held at 823 R ichland 
Drive, or call 222-9929 or 734 2945, 

Sofa with m atching love seat $125, 
Spanish style dresser with m ir r o r 
*1oo, wooden S p iece dinette set 
*15o, 734-o934. 

2 F A M IL Y G A R A G E S A L E ! M at­ tresses, picnic table, lays, clothes, 
ETC . 9 am-5pm 4442 L a Lom a, Sal. 
M ay 28 

4 B78-I3 tires Good condition *3o 
826-4*88 
_______________ __ 

22,ooo B T U W ard s air conditioner, 
5 vrs. old, recently serviced, *1oo. 
653-1879 _____________________________ 

C A C T U S 
¡Lois of cactus form tm v button 
I c actus to giant lishook b a rre l and saguaro from A rizo na. A lt d ay 
F rid a y , S a tu rd a y, S u n d ay 
182* 
Sattilto oft >5oo blk So Zarzom oro 
C am era, M inolta S R T 1o1. F I . 4, 
58mm tense, U V filter and case. 
Like new, still in box, *197 cash. 
655 244*. ___________________________ 

C am eta M iran d a S L R , 1,4 lens, also 135 m m lens, *95. 344-6895. 
C a m e r a 3 SM M , S e a r s S e k o r , com p w ith wide angle and te le ­ photo conversion lens, like new, 
*1oo 225-4833 ________________________ ! 

C A R P E T IN G : G o ld P lu s h , ap- i prox IS 'x l9 'i Antique satin gold drapes and sheers. S e rvice for 8 
M aderio 
F ran ciscan 
Pottery. 
194 *9o7______________________________ 
C B R adio Cobra 29 N ever out of box 5125 337 4292 otter 4__________ 
C E D A R and F IR lum ber. Sell or trade tor old beams, gravel, bull dozer work, anim als or 
? ? 
) 49o 278* ____________ _______________ 
Cherry desk. Venetian blinds, la bte organ, 1o” b lack and w hite portable TV, sm all tan 534-26*4 
Coleco S w im m in g pool, I8'x 4 ', complete >225. *54-o13*___________ 
23' Color Console, $2oo 
699-o821 

Solid h ard rock m a p le tab le, 6 chairs, ieaves, *325. 73* 5724 

Sfereo com ponent, *25 
1o g al. aquarium , complete, *15. 492-2o1o 
S te r e o e q u ip m e n t 
P io n e e r 
SA75oo,. TX7Soo SG9 5oo. R G - I. 
CTF9 19 1. Ail with wood cabinets. 
D ual 1249 M a ra n tz , 56 and *G speakers. All excellent and re a ­ sonable 
Cali 
434-2*52 tor information._________________________ 
S T O R Y A N D C L A R K P IA N O console m odel, e x ce lle n t co n d i­ tion, pecan wd. *1ooo . 225-3*66, 
225 21*5___________________ 
Studio Couch 7' ì ff like new, good c°hdition. 532-8237. 

I Teac 15oo W tape deck, with auto reverse, *72. Two m etal shipping 
' coses, used once, 1 sm all *15, one 
I m ed. *25. Y o s h tc a L y n x 5ooE j cam era, with case, fixed lens, * titters, exc, cond *7o. E le c tr ic i radio *5. *23-1473 
__________ 
Ten speed 27” , w e ig h ts i*oib s. 
I 25lb. bor ond bench. *9 8 2*87 

THEATER SEATS 
825 Seats In Ex cellent Condition, 
Hard Back, Cushion Seats, M etal 
Fram e. 423-215o. 

Furn, A ppliances, D ishes, M isc. 
135 Sutton. (Jeffe rso n V illag e) 

F u r n itu r e , a p p lia n c e s , c h in a , 
„ „ „ 
M ISC. 
Thurs-Sat, 
53o 
Kate | neWi colonial sofa in v e r y good 

Meta! beds, sewing m acines, old radios, violin, wood stove, china cabinet. 534-23*3.___________________ 
M O V IN G IN S A L E ! 
Stove, re frig e ra to r, good condi­ tio n, w o m e n ’s n o t h in g , m u ch other mise, some antiques. 1o7 W . 
Aearifa. 

(R e d e c o r a tin g S a le ! M a ttr e s s , 
¡s p rin g s , c lo th e s , O D D S A N D 
¡E N D S ! 
Sun-Mon, 
M a y 
29-3o i 82*19 12 _____________________________ 
R elocating G a ra g e Sale, Double bed, w ooden r o c k e r , sofa an d 
¡c h a ir , p ic n ic ta b le , h o u seh o ld 
(item s. 8111 D ry Canyon L iv e O ak 
Fri-Sat M ay 27-28 

A D A M S & A D A M S 
Professional Auctoion 
A pp raisals and Liquidations 
1 512-855-62o* 
TxGs-77-oo*2, oo*3 
I 
‘ K E Y TO G R E A T E R S A L E S " 
: 
G ro ve r Howeii Co, Auctioneers 
! Houston, Tx, 
TXGC-77-o154 
S.A, O ffice: 11o31 W ye D rive 
Aden Howeii (512) 656-113o 

A K C registered D oberm an pups 
B la ck and rust. * w ks old. 118 H w v 
81 South. 922-9859 
A K C R eg. Lab R e trie vers, Cham ptonship Bloodline. 344-4154. 

A P R IC O T T O P P O O D L E - S tu d 
Service. R easonable 342-19*2 
A u s t r a lia n c a t t le d og ( b lu e heeler) pups, »75. 512-398-38o3 
B eagle, A K C rag, 7 mos, fem ale, 
$5o *96-2275 
Beautiful B eag le puppies, fem ales 
*25 m ale *4o, 1-6*3-492* 
Beautiful G erm an Shepherd pup­ pies, b lack and s ilv e r. Both par- ents. 734-4531 
_____ 
B e a u tif u l O ld E n g . S h e e p d o g 
P U PS, A K C , shots »2oo 494-5427 
B e a u tifu l U n u s u a l H im a la y a n 
Kitten. 494-6165. 
B la c k L a b r a d o r p u p p ie s , u n ­ r e g is t e r e d . * w k s , m a ie *25, fem ales *2o. Call 286-35*2 __________ 
Blond Cocker-Poo puppy, m ale 3 mos $6o. W hite To y Po od le m ix, m ale *4o. *23-5144. 
B O R D E R C O L L IE P U P S A R F 
R E G . 649-1224. 
__________________ 
B u ff C o c k e r P u p p ie s , worm ed, no papers 
924-o478. 

S h o ts , 
**o-7o. 

C H O C O L A T E P O IN T S IA M E S E 
6 wks, box trained. 342-6767 
Choc. Point Siam ese Kittens. *3o. 
732-7o7o. 
___________________ 
Ch.Sired W e im aran e r Puppies 
Elm end o rf 
• 
1-393-6754 
C o llie P u p p ie s , fu lib lo o d e d , p a p e rs . S a b le - W h ite , w o rm e d . 
Fern. *4o, m ale *45. 1-379-1849. 
D oberm an P u p s . *75 
*53-7195 
2 fem ale Pekingnese dogs, *6o ea. 
533-3997 
F O R S A L E - L o o k in g fo r good home for A K C G e rm an Shepherd, 
5 y r . old m a le , b la c k an d re d ­ dish-tan. F a m ily p et, e x c e lle n t with sm all children. *58-3o*5. 
F o r S a le M a le and fem ale A K C 
R eg. T ri Colored Basset hounds. 2 y rs and 
5 v rs re sp ectively 
*53-4337. 
F r e e C o u n try D ogs, need love core and space. *55-4o17.__________ 
F R E E C U T E G R A Y M A L E K IT 
T E N , 5 wks. 341-o2*2, 
F R E E fluffy kitten and p art Poo die dog to good home. *96-8257. 
F R E E K IT T E N S , box trained. 
*84-5839 
F r e e K it t e n s , a n d C a t, box trained. *55-6975. 
F R E E K IT T E N S , p a rt Siam ese m ales, fem ales, * wks. *56-o728. 

A K C R eg Lh a sa Apso Pups, Only 
4 left. In te rn al ! Ch. Sired . «55-72o9 offer «: 3o 
_______ 
A K C R eg. M ini Poodle P u p s , after 
« p.m. 82«-1 ««3 

F re e kittens, 7 wks. Box trained 
333-3512 
______________________ 

H a lf C o llie , h a lf B o r d e r C o llie pups. 5 wks. 3 moles. 1-625-3o4o 

B E L A R U S D I E S E L T R A C T O R 
S A L E : 85 tip - *9 9 5o; 7o tip - *69 5o, 
57 hp - *59 5o; 3o tip 
G E N E Q U IP M E N T CO., 8223 S. 
P resa, 532-415L 
_ 
Calhoun Fertiliz er Spreader *75o. 
1 -37 9-o922.________________ 
___ 

*35. 7 
Shephei 
35-9974; 224-5718. 
H alt Shepherd, H alf Fox T e rrie r 
Pups lor sale. «33-2479 _____________ 
H a p p in e s s is a B o x e r P u p p y , m ales, fem ales *55. eo. 333-o7*5. 
H IM A L A Y A N K I T T E N S , R e g . 
SSO-up. 922-1791._____________________ 
H im a la y a n K itte n s , 
Call *55-5512. shots, *5o. 

Irish Setter P u p s *4o 
342-1895 
735-o55* 
L a b r a d o r , v* y r s . O b e d ie n c e tra in ed . A K C . S a c r ific e lo good home. 453-3498. 
C o llie 
P u p s , w eekdays, ail day weekends. 659-o422 

T y p e 
Pureb red, Aft 5 v 

I M in ia tu re D ach sh u n d nam ed 
"C h a rlie ". *25. 533-3997 
9 m o A la s k a n M a le S p itz , h a s shots, worm ed. *6o. «55-2598. 
7 mo old fem ale Pek-A-Poo, has shots, $35. «96-25o9._________________ 
Need Stud S e rv ice for R eg. Irish 
Setter now. 656-3271. 
N orw eg ian Etkhound P u re b re d , no papers, Stud Se rvice . 432-o875. 
Otd E n g lis h Sheep Dog, 7 m os 
*175. «96-177o. _______________________ 

A K C R eg. All ShoIs 82 * 

P a ir of Parro ts, by ow ner, 1 m ale and 1 fem ale, due to a lle rg y must sell. 4 9 4 - 4 7o 1 . ______________ __ 
P A R R O T F O R S A L E 
733-1958 

PARROTS 
• 
6 5 5 oo6 8 
Pe rs ia n H ila m alayn a lly kittens! fluffy charm ers »15 up. «96-2889 
Pick of litter, A K C Bo x e r fem ale, 
* weeks, shots, w orm ed, $1oo. 
655-2413. 
Playfu l, loveable, D alm atian pup' pies. W orm ed. »4o ea. «53-3o52 
P r e f t y G e r m a n S h e p h e rd pup pies, 7 WkS. *1o.-*I5. 494-5695. 
P u re b re d Choc Po o d le P u p s , 9 wks, shots, *5o. 661-2278. 
Pu re b re d C hinchilla P e rs ia n K it­ tens, m ales 
*5o no papers. 
448-1568. 
P u re b re d S p r in g e r S p a n ie ls , wks. *1oo. *74-o)79 

C a s e F a r m T r a c to s w-eq;U>p 
*185o. 6 H, 3pt Disc H arrow *225. w eekdays, nites. «49-15)o 
E Q U IP M E N T S A L E 
8N and 8o! Fords. 35 Ferguson S' 
Shredder. 4 row cultivator. 4 row planter. 3 bottom plows. 648-1131, 
«54-2678. _________________ 
F E E D T R U C K S F O R S A L E : 
Henderson Bulk-Bag combination bed, w ith e ve ryth in g in top ru n ­ ning cond. Cali (512) 237 2o55 for 
Ted Wilson, M gr. 
F O R D 3 B O T T O M M O B O A R D 
Plow Like New. «27-2434. __________ 

FORD TRACTORS 
8N and 9 N with new and used im ­ p le m e n ts . N e w 1«’ U tility T ilt 
T ra ile r. *85o. F in a n cin g A v a ila ­ ble. 37o8 S. Fiores. ______________ 
F O R S A L E B Y O W N E R : 
Tub g rin d e r, h ayb u ste r Mo. C-9 used 2 mos. **8oo. Gehn M ill ond 
M ixer Mo. 5o, *1*5o. W ilfred B a r toskewitz R t 1. Box 43, Seguin, Tx 
78155. 512-379-3477 alt « p.m. 
Fresh Cut Clippings, Callle V a n e ty B e r m u d a G r a s s . R e a d y to ptont, *1oo p er pickup bed load. 
922-o13*. _________________ _ 
2oft G o o se n e ck B o w Top Sto ck 
Trailer, Felps. 924-3148, 922 *347 
'H E S T O N S T A C K H A N D 1o, Lik e 
N ew *425o 
T H E T O R G E R S O N CO 
533-5145, 739 Steves 
4o3 In te rn a tio n a l C om bine, 18' h e a d e r, now e n g in e , exc cond. 
) 379 27o6, Seguin. __________ _ 

IRRIGATION PiPE 
5o Jo in ts of n ew 8” C la s s 15o, w e ld e d W a d e R a in m a le a n d fem ale ends. Also 5o Jo ints of «. 
This pipe is new, less than dealers cost. «9 5-32o5; «9 S-89oS.____________ 
JO H N D E E R E 55 Combine, F a c ­ to ry a ir , p o w e r s te e rin g , 13ft. head er, 2-row co rn head. E x c e l­ lent. $7,5oo. $7ooo w itho ut co rn head. M IS S IO N IN T ’L IN C., 5151 
C ostroville Wd., «35-o5o4. 
______ 
4o1o: 4o2o JO H N D E E R E 
__________ Diesel, 534 *71) 
J Ö H N r D E E R B D r a g o ip e d is c harrow . Call *51-4197. 
Jo h n D e e re 83o S e lf p ro p e lle d w in d ro w e r, 13'z’ J.D . D isc H a r ­ row , 13'2' In te rn T D isc H o rro w . exc cond. 1-426-25o* 

A m a le , fern. SSO-up. 333-o827 aft. 
2:3o p.m. anytim e weekends. 
R eg. G erm an Shepherd Pu p s *75. 
333-4136 after « p.m. w kdays. 
R eg. L ila c and C ho colate P a in t 
Siam ese Kittens. «53-o295. 
R e g . P a rti- P o o d le s , B la c k and white, 8 wks *4o. 337-5o12. _____ 
R E G . P it Bull At Stud, ap Blood line. M usi See. *75. 732-1529 

R e g . R e d an d r u s t D o b e rm a n 
P in s c h e r p u p p ie s . S h o ts a n d w orm ed. M ale s, $125; F e m a le s , 
*1oo. R e g is te r e d G e r m a n S h e ­ p h e rd p u p s, b la c k a n d s ilv e r . 
M ales,*4o; F em ales. $3o. 122« W. 
V illa ret. 
S IA M E S E K IT T E N S - Choc , Seal- point, N ew B ra u n fels 1-899-7917 
S IB E R IA N H U S K IE S 
1-995-2543 
S m o ll C h ih u ah u a Pu p p ie s, R e a ­ sonable. Stud S e rvice . 924-77o9 
Sm . Lo n g h a ire d dog, looks lik e 
Benji, has all shots, housebroken 
*25. «9o-1498. 
________ 

F R E E Puppies Vt Dox 'a m ixed, 
I 684-1794 _________________ 
Frie n d ly B la ck , Box Train e d K it­ tens, 
F re e to 
Good bornes. 
828-753« 

IllP if lS illf l !6 iT!8 P 
Bull Daps 
Ch. Bloodlines S ir e and D am by 
Ch. R uffians H arp er. $75- up. Call 
R ob ert Sm ith. 732-8*88. 

M assey Ferg uson T racto r M odel 
175, exc cond. *525o. 1-379-o922 
19*9 M assey Ferguson 41o diesel c o m b in e , té ft. g r a in h e a d e r , 
*75oo. Cat) nights, t-663-4514. 
N E W 
A N D 
U S E D 
M A S S E Y 
F E R G U S O N H a y B a lin g E q u ip ­ ment. Tracto rs and Equipm ent 
D IE T Z T R A C T O R CO. 
522 IH-1o, Seguin, 
____________ 
«58-1288 
N ew Holland «8 H a y B a le r 511oo. 
922-15o6 after 4p.m. 
9 N Fo rd tra cto r and shredder in good condition. «21-2251 
O W A T O N A W IN D R O W E R , s e lf p ro p e lled , d ie s e l p o w e re d . H y ­ drostatic d rive, a ir cond. cab exc. cond. *745o 
T H E T O R G E R S O N CO. 
533-5145, 739 Steves 
R O C K P I C K E R , h y d ra u lic con- trol lift. 23o1 Noaalitos, 534-6711 

TH E TORGERSON CO. 
739 Steves 
533-514$ 

T ra d Loader 
« G A llis C h a m b e r s , t'z y a r d b u c k e t a n d d o z e r, p lu s b ru s h clom p and back d rag attachm ent. 
E x c e lle n t c o n d itio n , m u st s e ll soon. Test d riv e tracto r at V an ce 
Ja c k s o n at C allag h an . W ill help finance. «96-833o 

M O V IN G , M U S T S E L L '7* G E portable dishwasher with cutting board on top. Coil D avid 224-6313 
M O V IN G out o! Stale,' m ust s e ll 
3pc bed room set, e x c e ll. cond. sota-chair and loot rest, alm o st 

Shop vac., fu rn itu re , household an d b ab y ite m s . *122 P a t r ic k 
H enry. 
Sal-Sun, 
M ay 
28-29 tOamApm 

Thurs.-Sat. M isc. 2218 B lu e b e rry 
¡Hill, San Ped ro Hills. 494-1298. 

Sehenck. 
G arag e and plant sale 
____________1219 W overly____________ 
G A R A G E S A L E : M ay 28-29, 9 to 
5. Dishes, clothes, tan d em b ic y ­ cle, furniture, lots m ore. Hidden 
Creek Area. 9539 B u rw ick 

 cond. Call 924-1124 

G a r a g e S a le , T e r r a c e H o u s e 

 j Apts. P a rty R oom, » 1 Gentlem an 
| R d . C lo th e s , q u e e n s iz e b e d , 
( hide-a-bed, s m a ll d e sk , ty p e w ­ riter, huge bean bag, odds and 
I ends. A F T E R 5 PM , each evening this week. 

38 Ton AH* Conditioners 
Two 3o Ton Trane A ir Condition­ ing System s With Handling Units 
Includes Heating System Price d 
For Quick Sale, «23-215o 

Trundle bed. com plete with head­ b oard and m a ttre ss, *6o, E a r ly 

G a r a g e S a le : 123 S to r d r e a m 
T o y s , c lo th in g , o th e r ite m s , 
Thurs. F r i 9-5. Sot 9-12 noon. 

O o k o rd e r 71oo r e e l- re e t ta p e deck, new. S ta tio n a ry tre a d m ill walker, m anual, like new. 822-1337 
Alter S. 

D O O R S! D O O R S! D O O R S! 
B e a u tifu l solid wood d oo rs for o utsid e and clo set, a lu m in u m w ind ow s c re e n s , s lid in g d o o r 
| screens, bothtub 534 5748 
( D ouble bed and tw in bed sets, botn complete, *5o ea «84-8523 

D o u b le b e d , m a ttr e s s , h e a d board, smalt chest. *135. «53-3*91 
E a rly A m erican wing back sofa, 
| swivel chair «53-8833 ______________ 
E A R L Y A M E R IC A N 75” co lo r 

M O V IN G S A L E - B e d s , ru g s , d ra p e s , b e d s p re a d s , G e r m a n clocks, dishw asher, clothes, mis- | ceilaneous household. 533 Whea- ton. F ort Sam. 224-9437.____________ 

M O V IN G S A L E 
Sat.-Sun. 2 piece sec., 3 piece sec., 
Upright treezer, boys bedrm . *6o, g irls bedrm »175. 661-6133-A722 
W alnut Lake. 
_______________ 
N A ZI D A G G E R S & U .S. B L A D E S 
N ationally knowd Collector, P.W . 
Lefort, will be al the A lam o Gun 
S h o w h e ld a t th e C o n v e n tio n 
Center, M ay 28 and 29. He w ill be buying and appraising all types of 
Nazi and U.S. blades. B e sore to com e buy and see his award-win- mng collection. _________ ___________ 

OFFICE CHAIRS 
I Ex e cu tiv e , S e cre ta ry , O ccasio n ­ al. Upholstered, vinyl and genuine leather. A ll B eau tifu l. O ve r 2oo c h a ir s to choose fro m . P r ic e d from *27,5o and up. 1131 B a s s e 
R d., 733-73*;, 734-3o81. 
Old bed, needs re p air with good 
: m attress. *25. Chest of d ra w e rs i *4o, old-fashioned d re s s e r with t ad iu stab le m irro r *6o Duncan- 
| P h y fe d ining ta b le w ith 3 ext. 
( boards, *11o. 826-7o73 

33o MÏBCH8NDI8E WANTED 

Antiques, A ppliances, F u rn itu re 
WE PAY MORE 
Estates, A nything of Value...from one piece to houseful. Call: 
342 475S A nytim e 
Est. 1949 

YOUR GUIDE TO DEPENDABLE SERVICE 
EXPRESS-NEWS 

\ 

TO PLACE ADS IN THIS DIRECTORY CALL 
DIRECTORY 

^ 
■ 
2 
2 
5 
- 
1 
6 
6 
6 

934 BUSINESS DIRECTORY 
B u yin g late m odel re frig erato rs, freezers needing repair. 341-18*5 

CAMERA EXCHANGE 
Buy, Sell, Trad e, R epoii 

ADDITIONS 

5322 SAN P E D R O 
R e p a ir 
828-2327 
C ASH tor yo ur Used Pian o 
224-7111 or 224-11o2 
D IA M O N D S 
W illiam s, 227-87o2, 15o E.Houston 

B uild your hom e, or and add-on p rice, reasonable. 626-1544. 
R e lia b le C a r p e n t e r s , E x p e r t w o r k m a n s h ip . 
A d d itio n s - 
R em odeling- C o n cre te 432-3632, 
436-oo97 aft. « 

I'LL BUY ANYTHING 
TH A T D O E S N ’T E A T * !! 
C A L L J I M L IS T E R 
433-2*oo or 633-o34o 
REMODELING 
C O M P L E T E F IN A N C IN G 
F R E E E S T IM A T E S 

C A R PEN TR Y 

A C a r p e n te r : In N e ed of Jo b s from roofing » o Foundations. No 
Jo b Too S m a ll! F R E E E s t. A ll 
W ork Guaranteed. 927-5o24. 
A C O M P L E T E H O M E R E P A I R 
S E R V IC E . C A L L 684-4972. 
A ll ty p es c a rp e n try w o rk . A lso ro o fin g , p a in tin g , s a tis fa c tio n guaranteed. No Jo b Too Sm all. 
«56-5573. 
A ll T yp e s of R em o d eling . G u a r ­ anteed 
W ork. 
Lie 
349-1663 
R odney. 

Me Cotisai will Pay Cash: 
C 
LOMBER or F u r n n u r e and A p p lia n c e s 
924 85 5 6 924 855 7 

B A T H R O O M R e p a ir, p an e lin g , general carp entry. 924-3o51 

F o r 
D ay, 653-5242 N ight; 653-o491 or 
655-2235. 
S m a ll used C o n cre te m ix e r for hom e use Call Norm , 494-6539. 

TV, new 
275-767o. picture tube. 

 f S S L TtVS o .m .C3978‘ ° ‘B' e* Ce" en’ 1 Am . l o ^ e o i and d ivan .' b row n 

Color TV, 25” Console, excellent condition *15o 824-2844 ___________ 

CO LO R TV 23 R C A , new picture tube, *1oo. 924 o796._________________ 

C o lor TV , r e f r ig e r a t o r s to v e , dining furniture. Ex cellent ccmai lion Call 922-3543 or 924 465J. 
C O M P L E T E king size bed w ith sheets 674 3222 otter 4:3o. _________ 
Conroiete Twin Fren ch Pro vin c ia l 
Suite. 12 d ra w e r trip le d re s s e r w ith m ir r o r , end ta b le w ith draw ers *2oo. 126-7o73 _____________ 

C O N T E M P O R A R Y S o fa a n d 
Lo ve seat, good condition, *15o, 
735 7457 . 5at or Sun. 1o 5__________ 
C O P P E R T O N E M ag ic Chef gas stove, grill and side door, alm ost new, white capix tamp ond chan- deiier, wood carvings *81-344o 
Cornet for sale, *175 A q uarium , io g a l, fully complete, 
*35. 
924-4788 ______________ ________________ 
Couch and chair, coffee and 2 end tables, 9 x12 carpet, 12x3ft. sw im ­ m ing pool w ith fitte r. *75-124o otter 7pm. _________ _________________ 
Couch!” brow n.’ 2 a rm ch a irs with footstool R easonobte «74-7715 
Couches<2), tab les! 2), protector scteen, cot *96-o738 

Couch, m atching loveseat, b e au ­ tifu l co ffe e , co m m o d e ta b le s , 
Ouncan Ph yfe dining set, buffet, china cabinet, desk, queen, full size bedroom set, g irls twin b e ­ droom , spotless stove, no-frost refrigerator, dinette, chest, sofa. 
337 71 3 5 
_______________________ 

COUCH, *45 patio ham m ock, » 12 . 
Call 534 3o53 

 and oronge herculon *25o. Colt art 
4pm «84 3586 
TV p ortab le, black- w hite 19 ” , 
Channel 41 »45 433-o63o 
______ 
Twin beds, chest of d raw ers! and j night stand. Cali 344 9588 i Tw o 1o-spend M e n s 1 bikes. 2*” 
: *4o, 24 ’ *3o. R ea bean bag chair 
■ »7, iofo, brown *35 65o-8838 
Ü PR IG kT Tp Sano wi*hïënctt7*3oo! 
■ «9o-133* w eekdays 9-5 ____________ 
U S E D R E F R IG E R A T O R S 
C E N T R A L S E R V IC E CO. 
7o7 W E S T A V E ., 734-4237 

V inyl Den furniture, in excellent condition *18o. 2 room s of green i shag carpet »8o, 45« «3*o _______ _ 

W alnut Italian Pro vin c ia l Cocktail table *6o, square cabin table **o, 2 
P o e ta b le s *4o e a ., 2 c a b in e t bookcases *8o «53 8o4o ___________ 
W A N T E D co u n te r too typ e re trigerator, gas or electric, 
923-23*7. 
W A N T E D 
D uncan Ph y fe furni lure, refrigerator, stove 344 447) 
! or 3 44-2548 

W A N T E D 
J I M B E A M A N D 
W IL D 
T U R K E Y 
B O T T L E S . 
Tues, 
684- 5o ¡5 
W o n te d 

E L E C T R IC G U IT A R 
____________*4o »57-3812 

Exceptionally nice bedroom suite, 
; has triple dresser, m irro r, chest, headboard, 2 nite stands, 4 mos old. Cost *85o, take *4oo. Queen 
1 size m attress, box springs, (n ever used), *225, dining table, 4 chairs 
*2oo, alm ost new co n te m p o ra ry sofa *175, n a u g h a h y d e s w iv e l ro cker *75, yellow co ffee tab le 
*25, 2 la r g e b lu e v e lv e t ta b le lam ps *85 for both. This is nice i furniture ond a bargain. 732-593o 
Ex ecu tive Desk, W ooden, 36x78. 
*15o. 65$ 4335. 

Bill 
O lder Sto ry and C la rk U p rig h t 
Piano *45o or best offer, 734-4531. 
Old Upright piano, 1o galion pöint pot 
4o2 
Cravens. 
Atter 
2:3o 
534-4155. 

Student buys portable black-white 
T V 's in need of re p air. 733-o297 j after 6pm 

Fender B a s s A m p and V e n tu ra 
Bass Guitar. 
344-1o*5. 
224 2oo« days________________ 
Fe n d e r p re cisio n b ass, R is s o n bass am p. N ew condition. *85o takes both. CaM D a v id «58-9852 after 4pm w kdays or wkends 
F IV E L E G O AK T A B L E 
________*3 oo, 3 44-3 529 
________ 

F iv e p ie ce M a ie s ttc d ru m set, excellent cond. »54-1252. 
F L E A M A R K E T B A R G A I N S 
E v e r y D a y ! U sed fu rn itu re , be droom sets, bunk bed, stoves, re­ frigerators, household items, new ana otd. The Spanish M arket, 381$ 
Pleasanton R d. 923-9534. Closed 

One wheel utility tra ile r, air con­ d itio ner for sliding w indow , c ir ­ c u la r tir e s c r e e n , m a tc h e d w asher and dryer. *84-5o44 

O R C H ID S O R C H ID S O R C H ID S , hybrids, spices, 
9 A.M.-12P.M. 
824-5752. 
O r g a n , 
H a m m o n d 
G r a n d e e 
Console, excellent cond. 344-4433 after 4pm b o a t 
2 p ad d e d 
Ev in ru d e motor. 
*95-3214. 

 s e a ts , 
3hp 
Good cnad. 

_____ 
FOO^IaL L 
ŸAiCi 
111 "nnr 
Ji m B e a m o n d W ild (»19 5 
824-6185 

L 
'/ lV 
. c# “ ec- 
F o u r Y e llo w d in in g c h o ir s 
2 
O range rom an shades, 5o* x78” . 

D E S K “ m odern, 
CoH 733-8434. atl metal, *5 5. 

Desks! Desks! Desks! 
Oak, W alnut, M etal. E x e c u tiv e , 
Secretary, Student • larg e se lec­ tion. *79 .5o and up. A lso G ood s e le c tio n of F I L E C A B I N E T S fro m **9 .5o . 113) B a s s e R d ., 
733 /3*7, 734 3o81 
____________________ 
D in in g ro o m w a ln u t ta b le , « chairs, buffet, custom pad, *325. 
Orange recliner *5o. 374 Donefla. 
494 3175. 
_____________ ________ 

D ishw asher, excellent cond *9 5, girly 2* bike *15 684 (437 

D IS H W A S H E R , p o rta b le , good condition, 9 cyc le s , *6o 333-8o73 I otter 4 

 tor Chino only 34M74o. 

W ard ’s Freezer, 5pc liv. room set! couch and chair, table and chairs, assorted clothing size 5 and up. 
MiSC 481 8758 

W A R E H O U S E 
S A L E 
M A Y 
2*-29 th. tO-*pm, Carpet, R em nant 
M is c. T o o ls, E le c t r ic a l P o r ts , 
Flags and 
Poles 
Etc. 
3o5* i Stafford. 

I W a s h e r and d r y e r . S e a r s K e n ! more push button, 1 yr otd. Lik e i new. Cost *639 .95. Sell $4oo pair, j «55-9*34 otter t iim . 
W asher and d rye r *3o eo , daybed 
»25, call otter 5PM «23-4*38 

' W a sh e r an d g as d r y e r , W a rd s 
1 Signature, avocad o. L e w p rice . 
824-1*28 after *pm. 

W asher, F r ig id a ir t, needs some 
1 work. *75. 433 5*85 

W a s h e r, K e n m o re , 845 D r y e r . 
I *3o. 2 E a r ly A m erican b ar stools, f i l l e a . E a r l y A m e r ic a n h ig h c h a ir , *15. 2 p a ffy c h a ir s , N O 
C H E C K S . 6*1-39 4! a fte r Spm wkdnys, all day wkends. 
_______ 
W ashier w o rk in g . D r y e r s m a ll repair, looks new set (75. **1-47o7 

*35 each, brow n and g re e n 4x6 rug. *25, gas edger, *35, porta crib 
*18, wooden H i- ch air, *15, gun rack, *1o, 494-3o54.__________ 

F ra m e d E n g lis h ta p e s tr y *» X exc bar stools $65. 6*1-3894, 
Frederick 26,4oo B T U , volts, *25o. 
Fred erick, 1o,6oo B T U , 115 volts, 
*15o C h rysle r, 18,ooo B T U , 23o volts, *185 All like new, 927 5827. 

2 Fren ch "Pro vin cial dressers, *3$ ond *15o. 3 solid wood 3 d raw e r night tables, 
*1o ea. 
«5S-5858 
■ evenings_____________________________ 

1 F rig id a ire re frig erato r, white, 4 y rs old, 112 cu. ft., e x c e lle n t cond. *15o. Call 8-5 828-753o, after i 5 «55*582, i 9 Ft B la ck leather couch and re- cl|ner exceii. cond. $3oo *61-7979. j i*'fV "c 'o id » o o f r e fr ig ., s e lf de- 
) fro st, a v o c a d o , 1 y r. old , a ls o j a v o c a d o gas ra n g e , s e lf c le a n 
I oven, 1 yr old 732-8782. 
___________ 
FurnltureA p w iiances-Jow elry a i i A p p licatio n s a p p ro v e d w ith required down paym ent. Call Im- 
I aerial Furn. 221-2227. 41* B ra d y, 

P ian o , B ra n d B ra u m b a cti $99 $. 
W inter 
Company 
Spinel 
*49 5 
494-1292______________________ 
P IA N O , G ra n d S te g e r & Sons. new finish, »995. 497-3*88 
P IA N O , m a p le b e d ro o m su ite, coffee labies, ch airs, sofa, m isc. items. 494-2oo5 
__________________ 
PIA N O , upright, 52oo 
S T U D Y D E S K , *1o 
344-64*3 

4 p iece¥ as»ett ballroom set *17* 
«55-84o3. 

3 Piece bedroom suite. Complete. 
«31 O v e r h i t l ___________ _______ 

3 piece E a r ly A m erican bedroom turniture, wood finish, excellent cond. *65o. 733-1215. 

TOP PRICES 
L IM IT E D B U Y ' 
U N L IM IT E D B U Y IN G 
Furniture, Antiques, Appliances 
734-9773 
W anted Color TV needing repairs, must be reasonable 924 284* 
W anted: M obil F ly in g R ed Horse 
2 sided neon lighted, A ny condi­ tion. CaM collect 515-242-55o5 
W anted: Mobit F lyin g R ed Horse 
2 sided neon lighted. A ny condi­ tion Call collect 515-242-55o5. 
W an te d : P ic tu re fra m e m akin g equipment, saws, chopper, miter- vise. Contact R S. O ram , Box 299, 
Three R ive rs, Tx 78o71 786-3228 
W A N T E D : 
W o r k in g o r Non- 
W o rkin g re frig e ra to rs : 435-555o or 473-747o 
W A N T TO B U Y old sasoline and o il a d v e r tis in g , old sig n s, g as pumps, globes, etc. «54-6879 

3 piece fullsize bedroom suite with m a ttre s s and box s p rin g , C o n ­ te m p o ra ry , w a ln u t co lo r, $25 9, 
Twin size moftross, *15. «59 1135 
P L A Y B O Y C O L L E C T IO N 
AM issues from Vol. 4, No. 1 (Ja n , 
*9*7.2 Excellent condiion Include attractive tile boxes. Asking *7oo. 
«9o-o21o 

W e buy Fu rn itu re, A ppliances 
Estates Antiques G lassw a re etc 
BEST PRICES PAID 

5 3 2 -6 6 4 1 
*53-3714 anytim e, *55 4634 eves. 
JO H N & R O W L A N D B A R N E S 
Licensed and Bonded B u ye rs 

S U M M E R S P E C IA L S ! 
14x2o F a m ily R oom *44oo. 
2ox22 2 C ar G arage *2*oo 
12x2o Patio Salb and C o ver *85o. 
434-4529 
S A N D A N A 
C O N S T R U C T IO N 

ASPHALT 

R oom A d ditions, house le ve lin g and foundation re p a ir, roofin g, inf-ex t p a in tin g , R e a s o n a b le , 
F R E E Est. 227 *9 1*. Ask for M ike. 

CARPET SALES & 
SERVICE 

A ) will clean liv. and din rm for 
*22.5o, 9 x12 loose rugs steam or shampoo *1o.5o 227-198«, 225-83o3 

A sp halt W ork R e p a irs and Seal coating *23-5832, free estim ates 

U N IT E D C A R P E T S E R V IC E 
924-1o58 or 226-824« 

Specializing in Asphalt and Con- crete D rives, 681-o874 A nytim e! 
CERAMICS & 
CERAM IC T IL E 

ASPHALT-CONCRETE 
WORK 

A-1 C O N S T R U C T IO N . P a t io s , foundations, a sp h alt d riv e w a y s . 
Lie. 534-166o 
B E S T P R tC E S - P R O F , W O R K 
On a ll c o n c re te , ro ck and M a ­ sonry work done now! F re e Est. 
Call 734-o7o1, 532-5718 
C o n cre te A s p h a lt w o rk , b ric k , c e r o m ic tite, b lo ck p la s te r or 
W hat H ave Y o u ! F ree E s i No job too big or too sm all 227 *o9 3 
C o n c re te - 
A s h p a lt, 
P a t io s , 
D r iv e w a y s , re a s o n a b le p ric e s , 
F R E E Estim ates. 927-5727. Steve 
C O N C R E T E , 
P a t io s , w a lk s , d r iv e s , a d d itio n s , 
F R E E 
Estim ates. 
Fran k 
25vrs. exp. 
333-19*o 

We B u y R e frig e rato rs 
734-4237, 7o7 W est Ave. 

O Z U N A ’S A s p h a lt and P a v in g 
S id e w a lk s , p atches, d riv e w a y s , concrete slabs, f r e e 
Est. 
922-7o29 

C e ra m ic T ile and P lu m b in g in ­ stallation a 
Sp ecialty. 
CaM 
734-5412 

BABYSITTING 
CHILDCARE 

F IR E & BBQ WOOD 

*5 a load. A lre ad y down, you cut. 
Oak, etc. 684-38oo 
A lre ad y Cut F ire p la ce size, dried, ash wood, ap p rox . 2 co rd s, $18 each, you haul. 494-3o54 

LAWN CARE 

Com plete La w n S ervice. F t. Sam 
A rea. 226-777o or *75-o72». 

LAWN MOW ER R E PA IR 

FO UNDATIONS 
L A W N M O W E R R e p air and Sm alt 
Engines. 
F R E E 
Estim ate s 
922-8**1 

•ABO HOUSE LEVELING« • 
2ovrs. Levelin g Exp. 
G uaranteed work 
333-29821 

LOT CLEA R IN G 
& C LEA N IN G 

A Foundation PROBLEM? 
AM typ es of foundation re p a irs . 
W e sp ecialize in levelin g , ce d a r post, peer-beam and slab founda- tion. Call the experts. 824-2171. 

Don* dragging? 
Wads Cracking? 
A ll typ es foundation re p a irs . 3o y rs ex p e rien ce. A ll w ork guar- anteed. Call Anytim e. 534-411o 

Bulldozing, C le arin g , R oot Plo w ing. Any Size Job. 333-3788 
S m a ll T ra c to r, custom m ow ing, lots, acreag e 824-3813, 82Æ-7652. 

MASONRY 

PLU M B IN G 

Hernandez Plum b in g All telhdt'of p lu m b in g r e p a ir s ! N e w co n st. 
R eas. P ric e s 337 *582. 
K A H N P L U M B IN G CO. R ep cirs- 
R e m o d elin g - N e w C o n s tru ctio n . 
F re e Estim ates. «84 2138 

P L U M B E R , R e aso n ab le, in s ta l­ lation, 
F R E E 
Est. 
A. 
G a rc ia 
227-3oo5. 
Plum b in g R e p a irs , rem o d elin g , additions. 
R eas. 
F re e 
Est. 
434-4489. 

W e A n s w e r y o u r c a ll f a s t ! 
S e w e r s , le a k y fa u c e ts , w a t e r heaters an y type re p air or new installation. Texas Plum bing Co., inc. 41o A B ro a d w a y . C o ll a n y ­ time. 826-9582. 

ROOFING 

H o u sm an M a s o n ry , fire p la c e s , bar-b-aues, m a ilb o x e s, fen ces, etc. 696-397 for inform ation 

 eFoundaUoD Specialist« 
A ll Typ es of Foundation rep airs, 
Lo w P ric e s , High Q u a lity w ork. 
CaM A nytim e 
A B C 
CO N ST. 
333-4816 
T H E IR IS H M A N L E V E L IN G 
3o Y E A R S E X P E R IE N C E 
Note: Newer Take the first p rice ! 
333-9o51 or 
734-7511 

H A U LIN G & M O VIN G 

Bab ysittin g in home. P e c a n V a l­ ley A rea, 337-4982, m ornings and evenings 

C h ild care in m y home, M o nd ay 
F r id a y , d a y s , $25 a w eek . B a n ­ d era 
R oad, 
H illcrest area. 
432-485» 
C hildcare in m y home for working m others, day or nife. 341-4271 

A-l H a u lin g an d m o v in g w ith pickup truck. Also yard work 
*73-54*9. 
C L E A N U P , H A U L IN G , Call H a r­ vey 225-2853, 225-9315. 
H A U L IN G A N D D U M P IN G 
H ave 2’ zlon trucks. 533-1142. 
M ay h au lin g , liv e s to ck h au lin g , 
I M isc. hauling. 688-3252 
____ 

Exp. Child care M ilita ry near Kel- ly, *2o-wk. lyr-UP 927-284o. 
L ie 
B a b y s itt in g in m y h om e, anytim e- a n y age. R e a s . U n iv . 
City and Liveo ak area. «58 2176 

P O O L T A B L E , 8‘ C a ta v e ile II. 
Stale. Cost, $1ooo. W ill s acrifice for **oo. A lm o st new . In clu d e s o r e Dovs 653-63*4 E v e s 6*8-o*41 

G o rag e Sole, Thur, F r i and Sat. 
831 Fabulous, Ench anted Forest. 

W E P A Y CASH 
For Good Used F u rn itu re 

FAWCETT FURNITURE 
I 41« Dotoroso____________ 
227-6512 ( 
We Pay More Cash 
F o r That Good Pian o 
| Th at you a re not using. P le a s e call Mr. Leon at 223-6151. 

Specializing in Concrete Asphalt. 
D rive w ay s foundations, parking-, tots. Ooy-ntte 735-13o4 927-2737 

R eg. Child care W est Awe. School 

DIRT-SAND-G RAVEL 
F IL L TOPSOIL 

L I T E H A U L I N G , 
F u r n it u r e , trash, brush. Odds En d s 922-3675 
L ite M o vin g . D ay-N ight. T ra s h 
H a u lin g . S c r a p M e ta l h a u le d aw ay tree. 923 4411 

M O V IN G 
Comm-Home-Apt. Specialist 
I piece or houseful 
D A Y or N IT E 
656-57o5 

R A Y 'S M A S O N R Y M A T E R IA L sand-gravel-topsoil-asphalt 
W ill d eliver 
Comm-R es. Coll R a y 433 *382 

M O W ING -SHREDDING 

M O W IN G 
A C R E A G E an d L O T S m o w e d . 
Call 344-5577 or 342-8222 

P A IN TIN G , P A PE R IN G 
PLA STER IN G 

A C O M P L E T E H O M E P A IN T IN G 
R E P A I R S E R V IC E ! «84-4972 
G E R H A R D T S 533 7149 
R E L I A B L E 
E S T I M A T E S on 
P a in tin g - P a p e rin g , S h e e tra c k , 
W in dow G lass, R e p a irs , B u d g et 
Term s. 1*12 S. H o ckb erry. 
In! Ex t 

R .C. 

Pa in te r and 
P a p e r 
Hanger 
R am irez 
735 21o1 

C-H R O O F IN G CO. 
W e do the job right the first ti»xie! 
N ew roofs - roo f r e p a irs of a ll 
Iv o rs . F re e Est. *55-1o39. 
C la r k ’s R oofing- R e m o d e lin g . 
F ree Estim ates 824-1532 

R oofing and P a in tin g . A ll w o rk 

SEW ING M AC H IN E 
R EPAIRS-SERVICE 

Ex p ert Sewing M achine R e p air 
F re e In-Shop Estim ates 
3523 W est A ve., 344-9671 

T R E E SERVICE 

A A M o r a n te s T r e e S e r v i c e , trimming- topping, rem ove 
9 274511. 

Cut Trim -H aul T re e s, F r e e E s t 
Jessie 432-7758, 432-8o7*. 
___________ 
Trees Trim m ed, Topped, R e m o ve 
Stumps, Hauling 224-1232. 

P A IN T IN G and R e p a irs of an y kind. Lie., bonded. W ork guaran i teed. 675-o219. 
YARD WORK 

P A IN TIN G 

Coite«« Bov need., Yard w o rk Call 
Charlie. 534-9814_________________ __ 

C O M P L E T E Y A R D W O R K 

A G a r c ia P a in tin g C o n tra c to r. 
F re e Est. Int-Ext. 734-/846. 
A & K P a in tin g w ith p rid e, Satis- taction. F re e est. 824-4574. 

TRY ME! 
Lo w prices-High Q uality concrete work. CaM M r. Concrete, 223-5*67, 
223-5115. 

G A R A G E S A L E : 
F u r n it u r e , 
H o u s e w a r e , L a m p s , C lo th in g . 
F r id a y eve, 5-8:3o, Sat-Sun B-S 
725 Im tay in Alam o Heights 

APPLIANCES 
S ER V IC E -R E PA IR 

W a s h e r d r y e r , gen a p p lia n c e rep air work guar. 
924-1571 
923-2411 

A A A G R A D E . Topsoil, C alich e, 
Etc. SIS 5o-UP, 333-oo78 A nytim e! 
A L L types dirt-sand-gravel. 7 D ay 
D elivery. 532-191o. 
A ll types of D irf-gravel, 6yd dum p 
»ruck for H ire. 337-4695. 

M O V IN G 
D E L I V E R Y S E R V IC E 
18Ft. Truck «28 1385 

HOME IM P R O V E M E N T S 
M A IN T EN A N C E 

G a r a g e S a le ; A n tiq u e o rg a n , avon collection, Odds-Ends, 1543 
; Highland Blvd . corner with Adele. 
G a ra g e Sale, F u rn A p p liances. 
Linens. Toys, Clothing. D rap eries 
(L a m p s , B ic y c le s , L a w n E q . 
D is h e s , p o k e r ta b le , b o o k s, 
W ro u g h t Iro n , S w in g , P u p p ie s . 
Lots more, Thurs, F ri. Sat, 2«th, 
27th, ond 28th 
9 to « :Jo 
1o/1o 
Tioga, Colontos No. Sum m it, IH-1o to W urzboch R ight on W urzbocti to Tiogu Left on Tioga. 69 * o223 

Artd it's easy ! Jus» call us today and we'll put y our low-cost ad in print. 

For ex tra cash, sell that outdoor furniture , . . now! 
C oll 2 2 5 -1 6 6 6 

D irt- T o p s o il- Sand - G r o v e l- 
Loam , R a y Hendrix. D elivered | 
341 2449___________ j 

Sa n d y lo a m ,” top soil,1' d r iv e w a y j m aterial, sand-gravel. 922-2559 . ! 

T o p s o il, 
G r a v e l, D e liv e r e d - : 
Spread, N W and N E , 434-11o4 
: 

F o r 
B e s t 
P r i c e s 
Additions-R em odeling. 
448-1874. 
T 

A & K P a in tin g w ith p rid e, Safis- faction. F re o Est. 826-4576. 
C O L L E G E S T U O E N T S : E x p e r ­ ienced hou sep ainfers inside nnd o u tsid e. R e a s o n a b le . F r e e e s ­ tim ates 492-2932. 
Int-Ex t. P a in tin g , tap in g, tioaf. 
Acoustic. F re e E s t 923-76)5 

■ 8 1 Pain tin g C o ntractor, R es-Com m . 
C all j Gen. rep airs. F re e Est. 922-14o5 

P a in tin g E x te r io r and in te rio r 
J o e M e n d e z P o in t e r , ta p in g - : plus m inor rep airs. Lig h t hauling flo a te r, p ap e r h a n g e r, te x tu re , free est. re aso n a b le w ork g u ar 
F re e Estim ates. 435-2778 
_________| anteed, 6*1-2272 

CABINETS 
J A N ITO R IA L SERVICE 
Painting-R em odeling-R oofing 
224-748o 

V a r ie t y of 
C a b in e ts a n d : w o o d w o rk 
R e fs , a v a ila b le . 
F R E E Est. 532-56o9 

EXCAVATIO N 
SERVICE 

CA R PEN TR Y 

E x c a v a tio n and L a n d c ie o rin g , h o u rly or co n tra ct, b o ck hoes, dozer with operation. *55-5o14 

 f H om e C leaning S e rv ic e s : carpets-windows-wax-buif. 
453-7431 

AA All Home Repairs 
Foundations, R oofing, C arp entry, 
P a in t in g , P a n e lin g . A il w o rk guaranteed. Lie. 736-5944 

1 
P E R E Z & SO NS P A IN T IN G cle an inf® rior 
-Exterior. 
F re e 
E s t 

N O R T H W E S T E x c e lle n t C h ild ! care. 
M y home. 
Licensed 
432-o774. 

P R O F E S S IO N A L P A IN T E R 
R eas. F re e Estim ate s! 735 3252 

N.S. are a only 341-o3o5 
I 6 6 Y A R O W O R K , tor In to rm a tion Coll M r. Sanchez 432-3124 

Law ns, Cut-Trim m eb-Vacuum ed. 
Cull A nytim e! 533-9*35.____________ 
L A W N S M O W E D W o n d e r la n d 
A rea 733-o43o. 

M O W IN G , 
T r im m in g ! 
L ig h t hauling. F R E E E s t 734-3735. 
Trees!" Law nsT Hedges, Trim m ed ond Hauled. R easonable. 532-o742 
W it! do Y a rd w o rk . 
Prices. *48-3o28 
(te a s o n a b le 

Y A R D W O R K - H a u lin g , g a ra g e cleaning. CaM 532-5745. 

Y a r d w o r k , to p s o il, g r a v e l , deliver, spread, 434-11o4.433-4215, 

W re ck er Serv ice 

B u y O ld C a rs an d 
S E R V IC E , call R ichard, 

6BEER CONST. GO. 
Site P re p a ra tio n , lan d c le a rin g ! and o th er G e n e ra l E x c a v a tio n ! 
W ork 
JD 45o-C T ra c k L o a d e r,] 
B a c k h o e a n d r ip p e r , 
D u m p , 
Truck, 222-859), D ay-Night! 

PLU M B IN G 

K ITC H EN CABINETS 

How About o N ew K itc h e n ! O r 
R efinish your present one! F re e : 
Estim ates. 534-884« A nytim e! 

A M aster Plu m b er. R e p a irs and 
R em odeling. Call R ich a rd 
________ 732-5*1« or 435-»*«9 

DO YO U N E E D A P L U M B E R ? 
R eliable-Bonded 822-3544 

To Pla c e Yo ur Ad in this D irectory 
CaM M s. Taylor 
At 225-1**6 

CPRESS-NEWS DOUBLE BONUS ADS 2 l i n e s 
$ 
•MERCHANDISE MART ADS ONLY* 
6 d a y s 
3 

NON COMMERCIAL ! 
C A N C IL lA & a 
WITHOUT 
R A TI CHANOS 
(CLASS #9 1 « ONLY) 

2 
2 
5 
- 
1 
6 
6 
6 
QUICK KCSULTS! 

San Antonio EXPRÍfS^KÍEWS— Soturdoy May 

YOUR OPPORTUNITY n n s rc ik iu uuiuKuikar: 
DRüGStOM-UQüOR 
STORI 

F ne w t o n s im m e nt a l I 

I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 

RANCH 
I 

Selling 1oo Ha lf Bloods 
5 o Bred to Reg. Bra hma n Bull 
5 o Bred to ' Cezon” 

Held a t Joe Freema n Coliseum 
Sa t. Ma y 28 th a t 1 p.m. 

For Information Contact 
^BERT REYES 
513-349-2185 | 

A-HAUE TR A ILE R S 
Horse Sfoch anii Gooseneck 
“ ktewonO U tedi for Sole or Rent 
Also feeO B orré is wifh tW s 
S tIM f» O lt CO. Off IH n 
S33-S1S1 
5o4 
Corotino n lfts 
____________ 
344-731S____________ 
Aoofllooso M ere. G ron ddouffiter of Dudes Bononzo. lots of color. 
834-55o8. 
_______________ 

A O H A 6 B L o IN 6 , show s W es- tern-E nolish. 7 vrs. 855-375o 
.A ^ H A P erfo rm o n c e G eld in o , 
W inner of Poles B a rrels. H olier ond R op ino. 1-873-3o1SX o ffer 5 ond weekends 1-437-2I34. 
AOHA 8 vr gelding^ E n | or West. 
E re, bloodlines t' 
I M k 
A us tro lio n S h ep h erd P up p ies 
(Good Stock OoRs} 8 wks. 494-2471 
Oovs; 494-739o offer 
6 p .m. 
A us tr o lio ft c a ttle doo (blue heeler) p up s, $75. $l3-3» 8-3883 
B obv C a lv es *3o-15o. G ros s 
Colves 58o-8I1o. m -844? . 
B A i l I NO 
C Ò À S T A L . 
Â ïs ô 
Johnson Gross. 484-1375 
' t Blood Sim m ental Cow w ith »» 
Hetfer coif ot side. 1-535-4497. 
3 BR AHM AN B U L L j For Sole 
____________ 
» 33-3732____________ 
Cosie VÁ¿ T roc tor w ith p la n ter and cultiva tor. Also extra set ot steel w h eels. N ew p a in t, p ood condition. *» 5o. 1-43o-379o 

$3 o 45 
1 A« A' Somi-itoch 
CeHW. TaHgote/wolfcewr door 
HARRIS W iS T IR N CENTER l- m - 3 « 3 4 Eyifo, 433-93oo 

L im ousin for Sole 1 «4 Bull. 1 - 
1 
• r/> Hewer. 4» o » 543. _____________ 
Ma pm/lwtlHSa le rery Sol. Livestock ond ron 
E ver 
Igni 
13 m l. SW S.A. Mocdono, Tx 

 ry Sol. L ivestock and ranch sup p lies, consignm ents welcome. 

Coostai Hoy, fertilized *1.35 bole. 
494 3479. 4» 4-3881 ott 4 

 a iR m ]|D jo N 

PL OWE 
3547 Goliad ls T B * g c O . 
333-4171 
Cow ond Colf P rs, *3oo oa. AOHA 
Vearhng. 
Y earling 
Stud. *8oo. 

Custom hond mode saddles, over 
5o used s a dd les in s to c k . 
H un dreds of 1st and 2nd lin e boots. B and W Boot and Tock, 4o5 
S. Guadalup e St, Son M arcos. Tx. t^3» 3-4474. 

1« 

CUSTOM H AY BAL ING 
453-98oo 
Foncv 15" W estern saddle; buck s titc h in g , s ilv er trim , com p lete leother tock, new *35o. 457-o349. 
- 
FEL PS HORSE. STOCK 
AND GOOSENECK TR AIL ER S 
S oles, S erv ic e, R en o irs , a n d 
T roiler Rentals, 443o Hwy 9o East 
(S. W W White Rd.) 333-1411. 
Felp s 14’ O PEN Stock $927 
HARRIS W ESTERN CENTER 
433-93oo 
L ytle 
1-7 7 2-3434 
Flatbed T ra ilers • 14 x4 5 " 
$895.oo 
Horse T roiler Sp ecial S99S 
South Texos T ra iler Soles 
Son Antonio: 458-9o4o 
Seguin: 379-2o87 
F or Sale: Oot Hay, *1 p er bale. 
M inim um 
1oo bale 
IOtS.513-9 9 5-38 3o. 
FOR S A L E: 32 Sonto G ertrudis cows from 3 to 4 years of age. A ll c a ttle o r ig in a lly fro m K in g 
R a n c h . No o utero s s . 
18 w ith calves by side others w ill soon- coK. No p ap ers. $45o,oo p er cow. 
G.J. Haves, M .O. P.O. Box 
551, 
A lv in , 
T ex a s 
7 7 5 11. O ffic e 
7 13-331-428 3, 
Residence: 
7 13-331-4o31. 
F or Sale 9 y r old W elsh T yp e 
M ore, Gentle, Suitable for child. 
494-4159. 
___________________ 
F res h f ir s t c o if, big H o ls tein 
H eifers , $ 35o-$ 4So. R eg is tered qua rlerh ors es , O oited Y ea rlin g 
F ijly. 1-424-2937 after 4PM and weekends 
C oiacino p ony. 7 y rs p lus T ock. 
E xc for children $25o. 1-438-7351 
H olt Arab Y eorling Coll, B rother to N o n Ch. $45o. 327-1548. 
?ove Pasture for Cattle. Coastol, o rg h um , A lum un , S o rg h um 
-4udan, Native. 
_________ 
512-377-4518. 
- H A Y (or Sole. Sudan and Johnson 
^ r a s s hay. F ertiliz ed 2oo 4oo bl 
■Nbs.p er ocre. V ery good hoy. W ill 
’» slarf ba lin g S oturdoy. $.95 p er bole, t-43o-379o. 
_____ 
H orse tor sale; excellent ridin g 
N ir oH ages, olso broodm ore m ust see and ride to ap p reciate. $45o. 
424-1153. 
L arge brown rop ing saddle, $15o. 
533-3997 

942 • FARM 
SBPPIIES 
EQUIPMENT t 

MAY SFECIAt 
3” x4'-V Pento Post 
................ $1.33 
12' iga. Im p ort B a r b ............ $15.95 
S’'j"x 8’ C om er Post 
............ *3.99 
»4” P.V.C, Pip e, p er 1oo’ 
.. $8 5o 
Common B rt Noils, p er lb .. .29c 
(Visit our New Stors) 
BARKER SUPPLY 
3151 SE M IH torv D r. 333-4o41 
No. 1 F ertllizod Coostai Berm uda 
Hoy $1.7$ p er bale In bom . Suth- erlond Sp rings 2$ boles m inim um 
CREA BROS. 224-o141; 824-4o27 
No. 1 new crop fertilized Coastal, 
$1.35 balo in held. Boling F ridov and Soturdoy. 1-443-59oo. 

 ground horse. $425. OSS-otf? ' 
Tor e S WIS S m i l k c o w w it h 
BABY C A L F. 1-743-3213 
Reg, A robia n s t H olt A rebion s , trolned and in goed cond. 458-187o 
Reg. B rohm on Bulls, gentle and breeding oge. t-549-35i4 
Reg. E x p ertly T ra in ed R op ing 
Horse. Gelding, very gentle. Good 
C o m p etitio n 
H ors e. 
$ 8oo, 
I-434-3H8 or 1-434-3oI8 Oft 5 P.m. 
Reg. H alf A robia n and Q tr Horse 
S ta llio n , o ut of R ic k y , 3 v rs . 
Chestnut. 1-379-9348. 
Reg. H olf A rabian 2 y r F illy , 13.5 hands, g reen brok t $3oo. 488-3oo5. 
R eg is tered . P o lled H erefo rd 
B ulls , C om e See M oke O ffer, 
453-1855 or 1-542-3251. 
2 Reg. Poin M ores, 1-Grade F illy. 
Reasonable 
O ffers 
Considered 
1-429-2833. 
Reg. P a in t M are, 8 y rs . P roven 
B rood M a re. G en tle. S o rrel- 
Tebiono. 494-1791 or 492-194o. 
Reg. qua rter m ore, 2 v rs old. 15.1 
H onds, dep th c h a rg e and h a rd tw is t breedin g , sire A A A ra ted, 
$1,ooo. Coll otter 5p m, 448-1712. 

 e e e e 
SHOCKIIIKIII 
Best selection of E lec tric Fence 
Sup p lies in Town 
BARKER SUPPLY 
3151 SE M ilita ry Or. 333-4o41 

Small horse, gentle w ith children, bridle and soddte blanket, $125. 
494-7432 
T op N otc h P urebred A ra bia n 
Colt, $15oo firm . Before weaning. 
Eves., coll Seguin, 1-379-1o58 
W ill board your horse and care for it, *25 p er month 1o m i. SW of 
L ocklond. 422-9389, 734-7191. 
Would like to hove 1oo to 2oo Cows en h a lv es , goo« p a s tures and woter. 512-277-4518. 
2 y r old Ap p olooso M a rt, halter bro k ^ $2oo. 927-5514 
3 y r old Reg. Ap p olooso Stallion, halter broke, good m arkings $4oo. 
927-5584. 
5 y r old R eg. B ro n g us B ull, 
342-1231 days; 342-4855 nites. 
7 Y r. old Sorrel Gelding. A great a ll a roun d p lea s ure h ors e tor man, woman, or C H IL D. 15.1, well m annered and w illin g to p lease. 
Call 512-42o-24o8 

IQSlOSTAinFOUl» 

TRACTOR L OADER 
IH C 424 D ies el. 3 p t. $ 345o. 
648-1131; 454-2478. _______________ 
T R E N C H IN G : 1oo ft • 1o,ooo ft 
'w o terlin es , a n d buried ca bles. 
337-8oo1.8 P .m .-1o p .m. _________ 
U S E D M odel 282 New H olla n d 
B oler $2395 
THE TORGERSON CO 
533 5145, 739 STEVES ______ 
USED Self Prop elled W indrow er 
522oo. E W A L D F O R O T R A C ­ 
TORS, IH-1o HW Y 44, Seguin, Tx. 
1-379-4591. 
W a n ted: m ixe r. 
‘» 851-Í9I9. 

F eed G rin d er a n d 
Cattle 
Self-feeder. 

•1o6'PERSONALS 
A p t. to S h ore, referen c es ex- 
Chonged. Coll Ron 333 4542 
O A T E S G A L O R E ! M eet L oc a l s iM k s . Coll Dateline toll free 
8 (» -45l-3245._______________________ 
FOR H E L P w ith an unwed p reg­ nancy, call Edna Gladney Home, 
Ft. W orth, TX t-8oo-792-11o4 
R oom m a te n eeded to s h o re opoftm e nt? 344-t5 l4 ______________ 
Room m ote needed to share lux ­ ury ap t. 454-o289 
_______ 
_ 
Scientific-Professional 
DATINO SERVICE 
18 TO 8o YEARS 
M atchm aker Inc. 344-1115 lOTBOSillESSPERSOimS 

A NEW MASSAGE L OCATION outside city, op en 7 dovs 'til 2om. 
P rof. m asseuses. 1223o IH35 N. between O'Conner A Judsen R dt 

L OST: O lym p ia area, shaggy dog n am ed W IL L IE . 8la ek -brow n > white. V ery frien dly. R E W A R D ! 
658-38o4 otter 5:3(Kim 
L OST: on B a rrin g ton n ea r Stor- crest, blonde m ole C ocker Sp an­ iel, 4 m os. No tags. R E W A R D ! 
454-55o4 
L OST- One lig h t yellow cat w ear­ ing red colla r in N orlh ridg e area. 
124-7941, REW ARD 
L OST: Poodle, w hite m a le, red collar w ith W aco togs. R E W AR D ! 
Call 344-7984 
L OST W hite Maltese m ale. V icin i­ ty N M ain and Summit. Answers te ‘’F iuffy» . $5o Reward. 923-4373 

11o-SKCIAL NOTICES 

F O X Y L A D Y E scort and P hoto 
Studio. 349-8971, 12 to 12. 
________ 
FREE 
WATER BEDS 
EXDTIC 
MASSAGES the Foxiest Gii 

EARN $$$ 
; WEEKLY 

B lood P la s m a D on ots 
1 Won.-Sot. 8 a m -4 3o 

P los m a D ertv o tiv fS 

3 o ? S F lores 
2 2 4 174 9 

W E E K E N D Round tr ip for group of a t fea st is p erson s. $12 p er p eroon. Transp orN rtlen wRI be *7? 
V ey og er. W ill d riv e to border. 
Meet a t control m eeting p lace or p ick up ot indivMHiol homes. Cell 
Poul 435-2741 
____________ 
N E B R A S K A BO U N D ? W ilt p ay 

POflCElAIN REBNISHING 
Sslhlubt, hivoretwrie» , Hie, tm location. Ownet wiH etHsl. N ett f 15.ooo yt. 
EXCtUStVI BEAUTY SAION 
N’l. 
1o eeerator thou, e l l O ' ^ d n t l 3,5oo. 

MEXKAN m m RESTAURANT 

O tett |m ^ O O O t. N ett S31.ooo 

118'IWSEIWTIGB 
L O N N IE IR V IN D A Y L IG H T 
L O D G E No 13o9, A F A A M , 1914 
Basse Rd. Staled Comm. Sat. M ay 
28,1:3o P.M . W ork In M M Degree. 
M em bers urged to offend. V isiting 
B r eth ren w elc om e. L een Y . 
M cMahon, W .M .; Sid Shoenfield, 
Sec. 
SP EC IAL M E E T IN G , Son Anton­ io L odge of P erfection , San An­ tonio Chap ter, San Antonio Coun­ cil, Son Antonio C onsistory; Scot­ tish R ite Tem p le, Avenue E and 
F ourth Street; Saturday, M ay 28, 
1977 ot 8:oo A.M., for the p urp ose of c o n fer rin g th e 'R eq uir ed 
D egrees'. J. E dg a r M c ln ttre, 32 
Oeg. KCCH V on eroble M a ster, 
Jomes M. Paxton, « Deg. KCCH 
Wise M oifer, S terlina B ernhard, 
33rd Oeg. C om m ander; F rank S 
Tam sett, 32 Deg. KCCH, M aster of K a d o th , R ey B . O un tm ore, 

M 
J i g i i n t i t u 

NOTICE TO BIDDERS 
Sealed bids, In duplicóte, on the origi- nol forms, swned by on Officer of the 
Compony, win be received by the City 
Secretory of the City of Houston, Texos in Room 3o3, City Holl until 8 3o A.M, 
Wedne^oy, june I, 1977 and oil bids will be opened and publicly read in Hie 
City Council Chamber at 9;oo A.M. on thiit dote for the construction of 
o sonitory sewer force moin ond all reloted appurtenances, 
o$ follows; 
AIMEDA TRUNK SANITART SEWER 
DIVERSION Of THE SOUTHWEST 
PUMR STATION 
AND 48-INCH FORCE MAIN 
Wostewofer Division Job Ho. 3378-2 
WPC-Tex-1o6o 
(Approximotely S,I7o ft. of 48" con­ crete lined cylinder pipe, steel pipe and ductile iron pipe force moin and oppurtenoneei, including revision te 
Southwest Pump Station.) 
Plons, specifications ond netesiory In- formotien moy be obtoined from the 
Wostewofer Division, City of Houston, 
Room P-1o3, City Hall Annex. 
No (xovislons have been mode for moiling plons and specificotions to prospective Ndden. Therefore no plons ond specificotions will be moiled to prospective bidders or other inter­ ested porfies. 
A depout of SliNJ.OO (by check or money order mode poyoble to 
"Wostewoler Division, City of Hous- fon”) will be required for eoch sef of plons ond specificotions. Every con- troctor who submits o volid bid to the 
City Secretory and returns to Room P- 
1o3 City Hall Annex the plons ond spe- dffcoHons for this job not loter than 
IS days from Wd dote, will be refund­ ed his $1oo.oo deposit. 
Bidder's Send, signed by both the 
Surety ond the Bidder, Certified Check, 
Of Coshler's Check in on omounf equol to ten percent (1o%) of the totol bid must octompony eoch proposol. 
Any controct or confrocts oworded un­ der this Invitation for Bids ore expect­ ed to be funded in port by 
o gront 
•from the United Stotes Environmenfol 
Protection Agency. Neither the United 
States nor ony of its departments, agencies, or employees is or will be a poftv to this Invifotion for Bids or any resulfing controct; This procurement will be subject to regolotions confoin- ed in 4o CFR 35.936,35.938, and 35.939 iouu offOktukiTT w mnoywiNr 
BIDOERS ON THIS WORK Will BE RE­ 
QUIRED TO COMPIY WITH THE PRESI­ 
DENTS EXECUTIVE ORDER NOl 11246 
AND 11375. THE REQUIREMENTS FOR 
BIDDERS AND CONTRAOORS UNDER 
THIS ORDER ARE EXPLAINED IN THE 
SPECIFICATIONS. 
The Cify moy waive ony informalities or minor defects or reject ony or all bids. Aword will be mode to the lowest responsive, responsible Bidder. 
Dote: Ap ril 27, 1977 
ANN A RUSSELL 
City Se c re ta ry 

The Zovoh) County Commissioners 
(ourt, is soficiting sealed bids for the purchose of Street Name signs for LoPryor and Botesville, Zovolo 
County, texos. 
Sealed bids must consist of the following: 
44 Two Woy Street Nome Signs, jssembly. 11.^ 
Street 
Nome 
Signs, complete os: 
Street 
Ni ossembly. 

 igns, 
115 Four Woy comfdete 

Zovolo 
County 
Commissioners 
Court will receive sealed bids until 
1;3o o.m. on tho 27th doy of June, 
1977 at the Zovolo County Com­ missioners Court Room, Crystol City, 
Texos. ot which time and pioce alt bids will be publicly opened and read cloud. 
The Zovolo County Commissioners 
Court reserves the right to reject any or all bids or to waive any in­ formalities in the bidding. 
For specificotions or further in­ formation pleose contact 
M r. Jose O . M a ta a t (5 1 3 ) 3 7 4.3 o 5 2 . 
Crysta l City Te xa s. 
RRoy 24,1977 by Jp m o Moto 
Zaveki Cwaty t« a4 AAnMUratw 

L OST: yr. old Orange Tom Cot, vicin ity H illcrest-F redericksburg 
K d. N eeds d a lly m ed ic o tio n . 
Reward. 734-5124. 
REW ARD ! L ost 2 p ug dogs, fawn color, m ole and fem ale. Named 
“ Bo-Bo" and "C liee-C hee". Alas- coio area off Shep hord Rd. L ast seen going west of FM 2534 lust off 
S h ep hard R d. C a ll 422-3973 or 
925-2741 H B White. 
S ilv er m ln lo ture p oodle lost in 
Converse area. Named “ N icole." 
458-1o54 641-2455 RE W AR D ! 

S ea led bid p ro p o s a ls w ill be received by the Board of Trustees of th e N orth E a s t In dep en den t 
School O ls tric t for th# follow in g 
Iteiy i a t the tim e shown: 
- 
STUDENT INSURANCE 
'i 2:oo p .m., Tuesday. June 7,1977 
Bid form s m ay be p icked up p rior to bid op ening in the office of the 
D irector ot Purchasing, N. K. I. S. 
o ., 1o333 B roadw ay, Son Antonio, 
Texos. 

Given by the Foxiest G irls in San 
Antonio. Best p lace to Relax and unwind. “ Feel Better F ast". Out­ side City L im its. Op en 1o:3o om to 
4om. Big O iscountst N orth Side. 
PARIS 
RU BB. 
492-2994 
ESCORTS 

AU D ITO R IU M 
A ir c on dition ed (or w eddin g s , recep tions, dances, etc. Holds up to 45o p eop le. G rea ter S.A. 
Builder Assoc. 8925 N.W. IH-1o. 
494-38oo. _______________________ 

AAASSAGES B Y 'P E A N U T '. Bv oppt, 9am-$ p m. 2417 No. M ain. 
7 34-o411 
____________ 
The Best M otsoges in Town ore at 
Pomp eii M assage, now w ith K itty , 
Chris, Dale, M elanie, Wanda, So- ra . Rate. 113» Bosse, 735-515o. lOSlBSTHIDFMIMI 
FOUND- Black end Ion Shep nerd 
ColHf, young male. 828-5551 
-ISOVNO: m ole block m in ioluro p oodle, I yr old. 494-4249 
L OST. B eig t Chihuahua, nam ed 
“ Cho Cha". L ost seen between W 
K in g s a n d 
M a ry 
L o uis e. 
R EW ARD ! 734-3491 _____________ 
_ 
L OST: com-focod 14K gold wotch, 
V lcin ily of JtMy Ice, 11o2 Fredsb g 
Rd Reword, 735-3492. ___________ 
LOSTDDG 
Iris h S ettor odult m ote-"B uc k * 
„-tgv", last seen Broodwoy-Natoien 
^ brea , S -21 
W h ite c o lla r, 1977 
■fobtes fag, 45329, Reword. Please g y qll. 824-o527 
L OST from Shovono P ork. Black a n d w h ite 
S h etla n d m o re. 
W earing nylon halter. Please call 
,492-1114, 492-92o5 
_ _ _ _ _ 
L O ST. 'iL o b, 'iG r eo l D one, 3 m os., block, 1o togs W etm ore 
R d-B ulv erde Rd oreo. 224-5454 days 
494-5732 eves. 
$5o 
REW ARO I 
__________________ 

A Aauger Service tren ching and sm all bockhoe excavation, quick service sew er and w o ter lines inslolled or rep aired. 341-4124 
Alm ost Free T ransp ortotion 
For D etollt C oli; 224-2221 
111* ' to Oov tr ip , D isney L a n d, L ot 
Angelet^ this wk. only. 224-1792. 
J IF F Y PRESS new p rin tin g and cop ying s tore 49o9 W oizcm Rd 
(a c ro s s W in d s or P o rk M a ll) 
Op ening sooni 
M A G IC 
PH O t S on d 
3Trt 
A c a dem y - 
F em a le 
M odels 
Avotlobie. 34)9 Blonco 
Mrs. L A N A GEER Announces the June I t l Op ening of her 
Plano Studio-133o7 L arkbrook located o« Interstate 35 N orth of 
O'Connor Rood exit. C hildren and adults a r t welcom ed. F or in for­ mation Coll 454-4359. it no answer, 
824-3759 
N otlonally known Biodo C ollector, 
P.W .L efort, w ill be ot Ihe Alam o 
G un Show o t th e C o n v en tion 
Center E x h ibit H oll, M ay 28-29. 
He w ill be buying and ap p raising a ll N azi on d US bla des. It you hove any of these p lease com by and see him 
4o PASS. School Bus to r lease d urin g s um m er m on th s . C oli 
B ro.A n th on y at A n ien ion H igh 
School, 44-9245 
Top cosh p oid lor your old new sp op ers ond corrugoted. 815 Ce rqlvo AABCO PAPER STOCK 
W AN TED : "12 ovenvelght women to p a rticip a te in advertisin g p ro- t rom for wom en* health $ tudio. oil 453-9333 

3 * 

N 'W . ffessing 
$34o,Q<X> 
Oe« n 
» « iwre*, 
» teik- 

STEAKS 4 SfAFOOO 
WWh p ro*» *» ty. 
1oo. Or» ** neH » 3o,ooo yr. 

FINE RESTAURANT 
N 'l or» » » 
» 24o.ooo. 
Ne* 

DAIRY QUEEN 
N'Slde r» ol (Nhmw Seel» SO, Oeed 
1^ 
^ 
N et* 
» 1S .(X ^ yr. 

SEVERAL MIX DRINK outs 
N.W. 
N .I. Cle« n « xn» !» » , 
o« » 4 imtine« *. 
|HH$tkiig. M m 

» yr. » eo* 1SS. » 4S,ooO. Terms, 

EXCELLENT WASHATERIA 
Htmf kMne. or« ** » 3o,ooo « m» « H)nes, ìT é rfm n, SS,ooo 
CLEAN FLORAL SHOP 
N 'lott, <r» *» lng $ 35,ooo ♦ . Net* 

I l o W O dn 
MEXICAN RESTAURANT 
« ,1o o 6 « 

K S i i . s s s . L ' . i a . ’ s r " 
» « « 
« « . 
DOWNTOWN CONCESSION STAND cio.e 
» o U ie W ith 
,1» . 
U H o( 
« xtuf» » . 
*HM*, net* Gri» te» » 49,ooo. NeH » 13,ooo 
*7ooo vr.. » 7.ooo term *. 
. yr. » 
1 dn. 

\ j o n C o : ' 

7 3 S -S o 1 1 

 tUSY NORTHSIDE RESTAURANT 
M ixed drink*. 
Sm h 13o. Or» ** 
1|o,ooo. 
N» H 
» 4o,ooo yr. 

WEAR THE 
“ Uniform of W hite” 
L A S T W E S K T O E N R O L L 
SUMMER CtASSES BEGIN MAY 3YST coll toda y 224-o756 

• Medical AtSHtggl Clinical /Qerkal 
• Dental AstHtonl 
• lob A tU stw it 
BASIC GIANTS AVAHABIE 
SUmiMfNlAl GWHTS-IOANS 
PLACEMENTS ASSISTANCE OFFERED 
S.A. ColltM of Mtdical & Dtiital AssistQiits 
JOS Ea st Tra vis St. 
2 3 4 -o 7 5 6 

C EMPLOYMENT 3QD 

SliUS 

M - J t K ^ M N L iOl-hlllftSSIIIIIWl 

ASSISTANT TO THE 
CITY MANAGER 

Th e C ity of San A ntonio L<t arcoptinft an- jUcations f or th e fHmtUtns of .isifistant h t th e 
Citv M anaffer w ith a satary range from 

7 3 5 - 94 5 8 

.OQO t» rm *. 
^yr. » n 

5o1- 
5!L 

TIRED OF THE RAT RACE? 
NEED ADDITIONAL INCOME? $ 

R a ise E a r th w o r m s f o r P r o f it 
★ No soiling involved it We buy bock your production 

 i t You decide monthly income 
★ No pressures 
★ Complete instructions 
★ Buy bock agreement 
★ Retirees invited 

We netd growers in our a rea to twlp supply fht ma rk et. Grea t retirement or supplementa l Income. 
Be your own boss I enjoy lift, for informa tion. 
WORM ENTERPRISES INC. 
13 49 8 IH-35 N. 
Son Antonio, Tex. 7 8 233 
(512) 653-514o 

ASSOCIATE ARCHITECT 
— FOR CLIENT RELATIONS, DESIGN AND CON 
STRUCTION DOCUMENT RESPONSIBILITY. UNLIMITED 
ADVANCEMENT OPPORTUNITY. 
SENIOR DRAFTSMAN 
— FOR PRIMARY WORKING DRAWING EXECUTION. 
CONSTRUCTION INSPECTOR 
— FOR CO NSW CTIO N PHASE SHOP DRAWING 
CHECKING AND ON-SlTE INSPEOION. 
SECURE 
POSITIONS 
AVAILABLE 
WITH 
LONG 
ESTABLISHED GROWTH ORIENTED FRIM WITH YEARS 
OF CONSTANT WORKLOAD. DIVERSIFIED PRAa iCI IN 
UNIVERSITY, 
COMMERCIAL. 
INDUSTRIAL 
AND 
GOVERNMENTAL PROGRAMS. RELATED EXPERIENCE 
NECESSARY FOR THESE POSITIONS. SALARIES OPEN. 
OFFICE IN BEAUMONT, TEXAS, WITH MULTI-STAGE 
PRACTICE. EXCEPTIONAL FAMILY COMMUNITY AND 
SPORTS OPPORTUNITY AREA. 
FORWARD RESUME, INCLUDING SALARY HISTORY, TO 
THE WHITE BUDD VAN NESS PARTNERSHIP. ARCHITEC­ 
TURE, 
PLANNING. 
PROJECT 
MANAGEMENT, 
47 o 
ORLEANS STREET, BEAUMONT, TEXAS 777o1 — IN­ 
DICATED "CONFIDENTIAL." 

$ 2 o , 7 to $3o,676 annually. 

Th is jpm ition is resjftonsibie professional 
UHtrk asststine C ity M anager in pla nning and eAeeuting adm inistrative details and ret'om- m entiing courses of actions to th e M anager cn C ity policies and programs. Serves as C ity 
Manager's representative a t public meetings and junctions; arranges tm'etings a t th e re-’ fjuest of th e M anager and citizen groups, civw organizations, and oth er groufts; prepares reiwrts and revommendotums to h e stiggesiiai by th e ('ity M anager's O ffice to 
C ity 
('smncil. 
M ay also h e required to sitfHTvue and coordinate th e activities of several ( ’,ity departments. 

T S B B S B out 
TRANSFIRRING? / 
"CONSIDER W H At 
WE HAVE TO 
OFFER" 
• i« t» ti*fli 
••m mtMisn 
• Mnttmwl » « fxrratf 
» y*t» m 
• o» » r 33oo OHUvt 
• e« d t« wn d TV 
•*v» r» g» 
• f fwimng StiMpdl» 
• k r» k x r’* 
A» H(t» n*« 
Coil Bate T« » tar 
CenrnMnh« ! Igktniaw 
341-flM-Hwoe 492-929« 
CENTURY 21 
Èjm iSÊÊÊim 

É * Â l i C r S Â l l 7 ^ l 

^ 
M A N A G E R 

S ea led bid p ro p o s a ls w ill be received by the Boord of Trustees of th e N orth E a st In dep en den t 
School D is tric t (or Ihe (ottow ine 
Item s crt the tim es show n: 
W A L K -IN 
F R E E Z E R a n d 
COOL ER-11:oo a. m ., Tuesdoy, 
M ay 31, 1977 
L IG H T IN G F IX T U R E S - 4 :o o p .m ., Tuasdov, M oy 31, 1977 
CONDENSING U N IT (L ee H. S. )• 
2:oo p .m. Wednesday, June 1,1977 
VO CA TIO N A L SU PP L IE S - 3:oo p .m .; W ednesday, June 1 ,1977 
P O L Y C A R B O N A T E S H E E T - 
2:oo p .m ., Thursday, June 2,1977 
Bid twrms inuv be p icked up p rior to bid op enlne in the otNce ot the 
D irector ot Purehosina, N. E. I. S. 
O., 1o333 Broodw ay. Son Antonio, 
Toxos. 

T h e E doew ood In d ep en d en t 
School D istrict w ill receivo seated bid s on th e (o ilo w in g item s : 
D ra ftin g Mochtnes and accessor­ ies, June 4. 1977-2:oo P.M. 
Typ ew riters-June 
4, 
1977-2:3o 
P.M. 
F loor Wax- June 7. 1977-2:oo P.M. 
U niform s-June 7, 1977, 2:3o P.M. 
Plostic Sheets-Junc 7. 1977-3:oo 
P.M. 
O rafting Tabies-June 7, 1977-3:3o 
P.M. 
F or furth er tntorm atfon, contact*. 
Purchasing D ep ortm ent, 5338 W. 
Comm erce 78237-433-o8o1. 

FOR SAL E BY OWNER 
JOUROANTON, T X 749-3342 

455-995o 
CO NVENIENCE » TORE-Seit ser­ vice gas, M exican cote. A good truck stop neor UTSA. This Is o geing business! 5184 FM Rd 1444 
NW or C*4I 492-1749 

R .C .O .A . IN C . 

Has one distributorship ovaiiobie in San Antonio for servicing of estoblished accounts. This will be secured by controcts with some nationolly known accounts. 

Ap p licant will be screened, must be able to sup p ly réferences and must hove minimum of $ 25,ooo for in­ vestment. This will sup p ly you with overage yearly earn­ ings of $ 5o,ooo + . 

Send inquiries and resumes to 
R« » a il Communica tions of Amorico, Inc. 
8 3 5 o N . Control Expw y, Suit# M l 9 8 4 
Da lla s, Toxos 7 5 3 o 6 
Phone (3 1 4) 3 6 3 -8 8 43 , M r. Sa lva dor 

 know munie ta l me a b ility 

STORE MANAGERS AND 
ASSISTANT STORE MANAGERS 
NO UNWANTED 
TRANSFERS 

Must hove recent retail supervisory experience in one or more of the following deportments: Men's, lodles’ or 
Children's Wear; Fabrics; linens, Shoes,- Cosmetics. Good pay, good bonus, many benefits. Closed Sundays, reasonable hours. 
Ca ll or w ritt Mr. BrtnnBr 
Or Mr, Grimm for confidentia l oppointmtnt 
SOLO SERVE COMPANY 
111* Sol.do*, Son Antonio 712o$ (SI2) 225-7163 

Auplicants must pttssess u th orough u^ dg e of th e principles and practices of 
' ipa l aam inistm tM n and of riepartmen- flh otis and procedures; must ftossess an 
• 

..» ...o 6' to establish and m aintain uork ing relationsh ips w ith C ity defHirtments and th e general pub lic and be. able to effectively com- 
Hnunicate, both ora lly and in w riting. 
( 

Applicants sh ouUl h ave significent e.t- jterienre in a position of h igh level m anagerial or s ta ff resiion.sih iiity in a large. 
^ 'orgarusation, prefera b ly local government. 
■ G raduation from an accredited college or 
I unit>er$ity required. A nmster's Degree in f Public A dm inistra tion or relah 'd field is 
( hig hly d esirab le. 
Sp ecifu'atly, minimum ed ucatio n and ex p erience are: (2) MPA with ttvo years ex fwrience; o r (2) HA/US with fo ur years o f ex p erience. 
» 

Th e C ity offers a broad benefit program including H ea lth /L ife Insurance. 

A ll applicants m eeting th ese re- 
A quirements m ay direct th eir resumes to: 
I 
O ffice of th e C ity M anager 

S3o,oof v*oriy No travel or in 
Mslmfiit 
Must be m soles mon*qenien1 no. Out (omp ony ts IS yiA oW ond the unquest toned leader in ih field Oflues la over SO mo|Ot US trties, » nth 
«11 onnuol aioss ot ovei 4o% 
Must bt of sup ttuit (hoinder, a a iflh i p trsaa ond capable of mg over UKMWsmq tespon srbikNis in sales ond nionuge ment. 

JOHN BRANNON 
6 5 3 -8 1 1 3 

I 
I 
I 

'— I 

C ity of San A ntonio 
Post U jfw e Box 9 o66 
San A ntonio, Te.xas 7H2H5 

Resumes sh ould reach th e C ity M anng^r'a 
O fficp no la ter th a n 4:3o P.M., June h 19 77. 
A u inquiries sh ouUl be lim ited to w ritten ap­ plications or resumes. Applicants m ay be con- 
• tacted for intert'iews. 
| 
L 

T H E c i t y o f S A N A N T O N IO IS A N 
' 
E Q U A L O P P O R T U N IT Y E M P L O Y E R ! 

SURPRISING g UNUSUAL 

Wtll odd om 
Salesperson, priftrqWy aipartancad m direst ttiimg Neftrgbly aver 
3S ond wilfi family ra ^ tibilities We wilt Intendiw alt oppllconts, male and fimdt. We ore selet live — being Ihe oWesi, besi kneern, most raip atted Son An fenio (ompany in aur held Ih« it the moil unusud opporlunrty you mil entaunNr. 
93 4 - 4 2 o 8 
9A M tg lF M .w a « h (ia y s 

O riya-ln, FoeO-ta-go, Haolth rao- sant. 923-831$; 233-5411. Alax o R r ^ r - i R 
- i i 'R i A V ^ ' furiv aqulp p ad, 23o ft. on m a la r high­ w a y and tub-4 ly i» lon . $ 74,5oo. 
BobM t A nd« rton, G REIN-CAM P- 
B E L L R E A L T Y . S.A. 458-5131. 
1-379-2434. ______________________ 
E X T R A IN C O M E ? M in im um saWng - Short H rs - Rack S alts - 
Eoch $25o. E arns $4o-$4o mo. Coll 
Handtrs(Ni 2-4PM doily. 448-193o 
Fishing L odoa fa r sale or trade. 
L ocattd on baa utiftii Falcon Lafca. 
N a t $ 4o,ooo a y ea r . B ox 118, 
Zap ata, Toxos 78o74 m INCOME 
See-moke otter- ideal for coup le, established and equip p ed tavern, drinks and oomes, ooad buildina, larp e lot, naar Saguin and targe tactary- $45,ooo. 
CARL OS BRAW NCR R E A L T Y 
379-5947 
SEGUIN. T E X . 
5o1 E. Kingsbury P.O. Bax 1122 
O r6 ^ E R Y o1^ Ma« ( M arkm , kil- iy a ouip p ed. E o uip m a n t sella cheap p lus inventory. » 24-1711 
HoBB'Y'SHo'ii""p oR "iA ilE : R ^ t l store ter hobby enthusiast in busy shop p ino cen ter. S uccessful es­ ta blis h ed busin ess, 4 y ea rs in p resent location. O wner retirin g , w ill tra in If desired, » ales p ric e 
Includes com p leie in ven tory and fix tures . 2 y ea rs rem a in in g en current tease. » 23,25o. 
C e ntury 21 
R.R RANSOM R E A L T Y *73-77o1 
Ice house, w ell "known, p lenty at 
P ^ , « |. » 4 ^ c a . h .C H i7 » . - & 3 4 

L O U N G E an T.sl.AAa rys. # iil)y eouip p ad.For sate or lease. Plen­ ty of p a rk ln f. C oll L a rry , A illa d 
Amusamawt » 23-4311 
L Ò U N 6 E - ram a dela d and cam - 
Piatatv turn ish a d, 922 S. P in t. A ra a l m on ey m o k c r ! $iso p er month. 224-1414 or 824-4919 
L ov ely B to uty » a la n ter sal# , lea sa -a n y fa rm . N a a r B la n c o- 
Boste Rd. 349-3S27 M onn Reoity. 
UlCAl-KliTIILKiie. in vestm en t ea p ertun ity in fully leased M cdicol-O entol buildina in growing secttan a t city. A dlacent te m oa ern res id en tia l oreo. 4 p rofa s s ien a t o tflc es , to ta l 23 roams. 
Financing ovaitable. 
» 1354oo. 
MONTE VIS TA R EA LT Y 
735-o485 REALTOR S -MLS 822-o87S 
M IN I B IK E B U Ì i N K S S FÓ R 
SAL E, tires and wheels included, 
474-3749. 
“ ^ w n 'Y eiir Own Business"' WMte 
Auto Stores, 391o C a ll F ield Rd 
W ichita FeMs, T x <817)492-341o 
PÀRTNER W a nt e d to r new downtown Bower shog. Rep ly Ex- p ress News hex 3425 rierty thtoreated gelnp in fo K it- rhen-C ebinet business, m ust set up own s m etl d is p la y s tore ot 
M a n ufa c ture’ s lin e. S ell te hem eew nars-buliders, full tra in - ing. M r. B yrd. 534-8347 __________ 

 wmt 
A Ifm tted num ber of individuals ere needed te raise ea rth w orm s tor an erg a n iiotien th a t otta rds en un lim ited in com e p oten tia l. 
For tnform attan, ca ll ECOL OGY 
CONCEPTS IN C ., S12-4S7-o133. 
Offices Nationwide. 

We buy w orm s under contract 
W orm grow ers needed 
SI3-453-S148 
WORM EN TER PR IS ES 
§64 IIIMEY TPUENP 

B usR n n S T 5 ñ3 T ñ3 íy1 3 u5 M oM ev o lia bie fo r a n y p urp o s e. 
$2,ooo-*1o,ooo,ooo. Contact M r. T. 
W hiteiy 534-8873. 
WNTliLE 
TRIMTMMPMIY 
We sp ectaliie in the p urchase a t; 
•Chattel or Real Estate Nates 
•F inan cial L aaMno 
•F actortng Accounts R eceivable 
IN Q UIR E A T 22441314 
1818 NBC Bidg. 
Son Antonio 

TELEPHONE SALES 

W e need 3o good p eop le willing to work and to learn the Telep hone Soles Profession. 

No Experience — W e Troln 
Free Pa rk ing —> On Bus Line 

Sa la ry 4- Bonus 
2 2 5 -2 8 1 9 
M r . A lb e r t 
An Equa l O pportunity Employer 

S12M$TliCTiOIIS 

M-O-H-E-Y 
Business and venture o ip ita i as-1 sistance ovoUoMe ter w orthw h ile p reiecH. 349-4431 
N E E D CASH» ? 
BUT HAVE NO C R E D IT? ? ? 
Call Union Ftnance 223-4871 
I 
R E A D Y c a s h 'fe'p urc h a s e your reai estate m ertages. MS-147» . 
SM AI.L H o8M R L OANS 
, 
JUST PROMISE TO PA Y 
^ 
ABA C R ED IT 
323-4349 ' 

§ íoi« wrMiiíTEa j 

1 5 p u1 « S !? cw 1 rS M C ^^ borrow $ 1o,oM ter one y ea r ot 
15% In t. In teres t ot $ 135 p a id i m onthly. Rep ly to E xp ress News ! 
Bex 4344 S.A. 78297 

 s iM m w en m s 

PEST CONTROL COMPANY 
C o m p lttelv equip p ed p lus cus­ tomers. 824-S144 otter 4PM. 
P L I n T AN D G IF T ÌH Ò F 
N 'E , U nder $ s,M8 
45» 54» 4 er 45S4822 

 nuFiTOPTOim ip 
D unn B B ro d s treet sevs 'C oin 
O p era ted L a un d r y en d D ry 
C leaning Stores o re one a t tw o industries w ith the least ta llurg figures.* 
K W IC K W AS H c o in o p era ted la un dry and d ry c lea n in g tes t 

 vyE*H AVE *eheice la un dry leeo- tiens hi every p a rt at Son Antonie ready to build new. 
BANK RATE FIN A N C IN G 
F or tnferm otien coli Ed Fleyd 
S12-4S4-3771 o r v is it o ur w a reh ous e-s h ew roem a t S483 
Jackwoed, San Antanle, Tx 78238 
ISTlWCmiRMfi 
Now op eidnB New T trriteries 
Join our ra p id ly ex p en din g ng- tienw lda n etw ork com p uter sys­ tem as an ow ner op erator ot de- techng h» t cheeks and bod credit tor businesses. It selected, you w ill rep resent the w ertd's largest com p any et its kin d. P rim e p r» - tected territartes stIH avaitabie In 
T ex a s , in v es tm en t req uired * 
C A L L G E O R G A N N A M E T Z , 
M o rk etin p O ir ec ter e( D A T A 
SEARCH, M3-8I83. 

T h e S outh w es t In d ep en d en t 
School D istrict is accenting bids on One-2-Clossroom p ortable un­ its. Bids w ill be op ened June 1o, 
1977 et 2:oo P.M. at the Southwest 
D istrict Board Room. Contact c. 
A. M ixon 422-3488 fo r s p tc ific o- tions waga ond hourly requirem ents. 

 k oc k in sleek, p o r tân eT üa r ? hauie. Sell or rant. Tarm a. Del. 
934-Soo3 
VIX uWTXI jSS--------- ter s ole. E x c ellen t $ 1o,88o o r iacohon. Best otter. 474-3891. 
B E A ilY v s a l 6 n 
Business ond equip m ent. O wner rehred. Great iecotien, clientete. 
MAC R E AL ESTATE 838-3531 
IEIDY ysho F 

SUPER R E T A IL 
LOCATION 
L ets et Peep ie, 1858 sq.ft. ovaita- ble new et SW c orn er et Jock- sen-K eiltr and 
Blanco. 
Coil 
453-8811 
»“ uN lf M Ó ^ É L -O iV lN t 
2 furn is h ed o p o rtm en ts , iv> a cres, m obile hom e hook-up s- 
P ric ed lew , m us t s elli SA M 
W O R D, R E A L T O R 1-441-2431, 
Devine, Texas. 
5 V endingTX acliines. L ik e new. 
Sacrifice i CoW 8244377 ter into. 
In div idua l or ce'up ia'io 

ENROLL NOW 
NEW CLASSES START 
J U N E 2ofh 
“ APFROVfD FOR VITfRAN 
TRAINING" 
★ C 8 . RADIO REFAHt 
★ RADIO-TV REPAIR 
★ TELEVISION TECHNICIAN 
OPERATOR 

FOR INFORMATION CALI 
2 2 7 -6 5 4o 

 i L E i m 
T M 
^ r r w r g 
3o1 BROADWAY 
SUiTf 2oo 
SAN ANTONIO, TX 7R2oS 

, JOB PlACIMfNT ASSIST AN« ^ 

PUNCH 

4 Short Weok s 

Otha r Tra fa riiiHI ini 
Computer Operatioiis 
'Computer Programming 
Medicol Assistant 
Medical Secretory 
Nurse's Aide/Orderly 

Call 224-92S6 
CBM 
Iducotion Ctnttr 
1121 Hgvorro. 

IN F O R M A T IO N 
ASSOCIATI 
, Experienced in p iM c iqfennetwn octivitiei ond p jrtitqlioni, includ- iii| writing, editing, p roducing nswdetten, bradiuffs, etc. 
Mmt ba oMe to write and weik wM ptARc. Knawfedoc at locai gftvtm- mant/p iennmglMlp ful. Mhrimum of BA dogrtt in (eumoiiwn, Englnh er rabtad cemmunkaHans tieW wttb damamiratad ixp ariance b p uMkotbn ffgntad f a n t i r a ev m * « • 
A iaivio A roa C ov n c H 
• f o « v a m m « M itt 
4M IlNwe AwetfOM H d f. 
S M A R tg p ia J x T IM S 

 l i B M S u m i m L i e E 
42o8 S.Fteres 
924-388$ 
Vcicroh ina uirtea Weiceme 

Tu b Vi o Mm M IM i^ 
1913 S.Fteres 
22S-13S3 

 m m m 

AUCiN 
AVIATION TKHNtCIAN 
. .MErOASSESBRlM JUNE 2oth' b Apprevtd for Yetetom b Acaadited RATTS Imtitution b FAA Approved b Coursas in Airfraint and Power- plont b Quolified for FAA AAP license 
• Course Duration 12 Months 
• Jok Plocemant Assistance 
YfSfrOPCAU 
HALLMARK AIRO TICH 
113o 9« lii St., StipsMi HeM 
Son Apta ob, Tera i 71214 

NOTICE TO 
JOB APPLICANTS 
Advertlsemenfs in these columns ore accepted on the wtmise thot jRw offtrod will he filed on ihe baus of merit without dlscrlmino- tion bocovse of sox unless tiie job is 

o bonofide occupoHonol quolifi- cation. 
EM PL O YM EN T 
AGENCIES 
The San Antonio frivote Employ­ ment Association has o rigid C(be of 
Ethics to which oil Its privata employmanf ogency mtmbers subscribe. For information about private employment omncics, or Ac­ tion on complotnts, coU 224-78o2 at the letter Business Bureau. 

BTTRNTIO N T R A V E L AG EN CY 
OR A IR L IN E P E R S O N N E L . 
Noed 3 qua lified eeegie oble ta ticket- ta rin t- booking and typ Mig. 
M ust have m in im um et I y ea r exp erience. W illina to relecate te 
AusMn, Tx. Excellent salerv and tringa benoBts. Do mB call unlast auawied. 734-7111. 

MVOmifFY 
O p ening in eg era tlen s m a in ten ­ ance and soles (er m a ier Class 1 c orn er teafchig strong w g m l ger- ten n ei. C olleg e d eg ree a n d r tlo c a tla n req uired . S ta r lin g ta ta ry » 14BM. E xcellent benellta 

U rg e NwHenwlde tnm raw»» 
Ceinp » ny b im tkkig *mr iXRIRNNCID 
IM S CONIROL 
TiCHNICIAN for Mw Sgq Anteilig Area , b Must hove Bachelor ef Scmdoi 
Degras or bt quoWitd undtr 
Taxes Stata lew. 
Can*» « ttan Weodham t r 

341.7 7 11 
Wa ora on aquol itapoftunity 
•mployar Mtdt/'Famala 

EstoWishad ongintoring firm has position opon for sx- porltnctd party chlaf in londd 
Surveying. fopogrophK survtys ' and oil phosei of construction stokaout Sobryopon 
8 7 o5 Broa dwa y. 
8 2 4-9 49 4 

A S S IS T A N T 
C IT Y M A N A G E R 

The City o f San Anto nia is accep ting ap p licatio n's fo r the p o sitio n o f Assistant iJty Manag er with a salary level fro m 
$29 ,o7 9 to $4 2,9 6 2 annually. 
This p o sitio n is res/mnsihle p ro ­ fessio nal tco rk assisting the City Manag er in d irecting and co o rd inating o p erutio m and reco mmend ing to the Mumag er o n a variety o f ad ministrative p o licies and p ro ­ ced ures. 
Ap p licants must p o sses» ex tenaiva k no wled g e o f the p rincip les, meiiutd s, o rg aniaatio n and functio n o f municip al i o rem m entt p o sses» a tho ro ug h no wled g e o f the p rincip le» and metho d » o f p ub tii: finance» and p erso nnel atl- minutratio n; hare Ihe nhnlly to ex p ress id ea» clearly and co ncisely,' b o th o rally and in writmg ; shall b e a g rad uate o f an accred ited co lleg e o r university sup - f lemented with a Master*s Deg ree in with a Master's 
*ub lic Ad ministratio n o r related Jleld t 
» k o uld have at least eig ht (H) years o f p ro g ressively re sp o m ib le ex p erience in lo cal tto vemment includ ing the resp o nsi-i irica i g o vernment includ ing the resp o nsi­ b ility fo r ad ministering larg e scale mitni- clp d l services. 
The City o ffers a b ro ad b enefit p ro ­ g ram includ ing Health/LiJ'e Insurance. 
All ap p licants meeting the re­ q uirements m ay d irect their resumes to : 

O ffic e o f ih e C ity M an n g e r 
C U y o f S an A n to n io 
P o st O f ft 
P o st O ffic e B o x 9 o 6 6 
San Anto nio , Tex as 7 H28 5 
Resumes sho uld reach the 
Gity 
Manag er's Office no later than 4 :3o P.M’., 
June i , 19 7 7 , A ll inq uiries sho uld he lim ited to written ap p licatio ns o r resumes. 
Ap p licants m ay h e co ntacted fo r in­ terviews. 

THE CITY OF S A N ANTONIO IS A N EQVA t. 
OFPÜRTVNITY EMFEOYEH! 

SELLING 
INDUSTRIAL PRODUCTS 
TO INDUSTRY 
Hand and 
•lertiit tools, mechino ihop exp nidnhlev p oint ond holtttng equip ment 
4 Tra vtling Required 
W Prior experience nectstory 
4 Solory 
* Cemmistien 
4 Fringe ben tfitt fa r eppa intma nl coil 
Elllt Sptnra th 
223-11o1, ext. 47 7 
THE PERRY 
SHANKLE CO. 
Lquoi OppcHluntly Inqiloyer 

CUfNTS-CUENTSCltlNn 
Abundonte of (IfllNIS for the Irl- fetion à rea has op ennii Iwo residentiul soles p ostiinm Fro 
(essionol Advurtnrng and itntning p rogrom ulong with on excellent commission p lon has p ut us OH 
1o? ■ of the Son Aniomo k«sl 
Estate Moikef 
Coll Terry today 

■ 736-4426 
DiANIE 
OWENS CO. 
RIAlTOtS-EUJ 
Jefferson Ofc. 

H 
P 

ROUTE SALES 
Op p ortumly ovoitoble with wnoieiele 
Mk er. bill train ford hosp itoltiohon ond retirement, hoMpoy 4- ca a wMHiett 

A m frteiM reen g t 
Mrs. Baird'» BeAtry 
19 23Nbva dfl 
H |qg.B f>taA i g w i3p wi we ore en equal o ^ rtun ity cmp byer 

OlAW f OWENS COMPANY 
HifDSYOU NOW! 
We hove immediate cmnmgs for three liunsed lo o t Estote sotei people be offer en exceUent temmissien srhedute phis ex tensive company wide trommg. 
CoN ter intervtew 
934 7311 
4 S Q iW .M ilH g ryD r. 

DEANIE 
OWENS CO. m 

KIATIV wHi be « ccebBhg obbU catient ta r 

ASSIGNMENT ED IT O R . 
SNO COORDINATOR unhi 5-31-77. G u^iticaN ens: 5 v rs g reta ts ten a l leurn a lis m ex g er- ien ce, broa dc a s t bw ckg reuN d p ra terrred, B iereugh know ledge et Sen Antanie. E guol oggar tunlty ewiglaver » 4-F 

O RAL DIAO NO STICIAN 
DOS or OMO trem meereved un- iversU v w ith greduota dggree in 
O ra i O lg g n ea is -O ra l M edic in e w ith m in erà in O rol P a lh eiog y a n d D en ta i R a dieleg v- E x g er- len c e in ten c h ln a h a lh o t th è ereduota and undergradueta gre- g ra m lev els reg uired . G en era l 
ProcHce exberlence necesm aary. 
Abglv neeresl f EC efhce. 
Equal OPbortunity Sm otaver 
PÜIM£tST 
FU N ANO SUN 
PesHlen eben In chMc p harm acy in fa bulous P odre Itia n d -P ert ls a bel. 31 h eur t g o r w eek 
IMYAIIIIITECUISSES 

New Ctassas Begin M ay 9lh. 
K evp unch, S ec reta ria l. A c- c eun iin g , D retlin g and A ll 
OBier Business Ceurset. 
V ct A p p revtd 
DURIIAIICOlLEfiE 
1o5 son Padre 
225-54o1 

 including p reBI sharing. Send re- m W m um , nm s turno ta a fxerett News Box 4337 cem m enturgte w ith obiiity . Coll 

 bein g f r ën t t ër r ed bv ers eos . 
TONY'S COIN SHOP iS galng oui of business May 31 si. B usiness 
COIN SHOP is galng out 

Wanted lease truck step ond cote in A l­ p ine, Texas. Coed iecotien, m a la r brond p roduct. L ease ogreem ent 
12' . w ith op tion to buy. Send o il in- j q uiries to : B o bbitf O il C o., 
D ra w er BB. F o rt S tockton, Tx | 
79735. Attn; B ili T aylor. 
' 
W A S H A T E ftTÀ ,™ 2"Ìenf liom c ti, ! 
! B eauty ond C urio Shop on 2.3 ! 
,ocras cem m aretoi a roeerty. Salt j i liquidating Invtstm a nt. Coll (or : details. 
! 

Oaleres L a Stanc, Ptano L essons 
Adults end C hildren 
Cqjta4-5$ 24 
Finish High Schaei ad Homo 
O fp iomo aw arded. F or tree bre- 
Chur« , coll A m aricen S chool toot 
' t: I-oOo42I-o3H. 

 h a l l m A r k A er o t ec h 

S.A. 
7o297. 
Equal onp ertunily a m oloytr m m a r s t r a r s E R ----------- 
L UBBOCK O FFICE tntarnotiotw l Service Insurance 
Ce 
Contact John D Am ico. F t W orth ottica. 
o17 334-9311, heme 
o17-I92-4522 i'k O lN S B R - D E iliiN O R A F flT - 
MAN, Staai F abrication Co saok- inq men w ith desiqn a bility . 8o hour w ork wo4k, p erm aneni am- 
Ptavmant. Furnish rasum a ta Bx- p rats ond Naws Bex No. 4373, 
73297 

113o 99th » T, Stinson Field 
» 24-o551 
L a orti if*rofestion ol B erlen din o 
And Bor M onap am ant. A W orld 

E d bM iim n lM n 
Must ba axbartancad in Camm ar- ciol Buildings, p ay basad en E x- p artance end B ducidiew. 533-1274. 
E'xp on'ííi'ñe' v'ou'ng'ïnsurcinca !n- sp actian cam p ony ta a k s a m bi- lieut ond anargahc tadivieuai ta 

C ailact. M r V in ca C rix a ll, CHy 
D rug* 1-» 8232ta 

CansuBants in t'l 
Parsp nnat C eh iuita n tt 
4143 IH 18, Suit« 44o 
S12-73A-3243 
■ F i M l E ï â i E E r ï î E L W 

BUDGET AND RESEARCH 
DIRECTOR 

Th e C ity of San A ntonio is accepting ajiplications for th e position of H iulget and 
Research D irector w ith a notary level from 
$2o,762 to $3o,676 annually. 

Th is position is a h igh ly professional a nd tech nical position responsible f or direc­ ting th e operations of th e O ffice of Budget a nd Research . W ork inclwdms eva luating th e economic, fina m ia l, and oth er related da ta upon w h ich to prem ise C ity budget recommendations a nd fiolicies. 

 iplicanls must ¡mssess a th orough principles, lysis knowledge of budgetary 

On-Hand exp a ritn c e using RPO and COBOL ra qulra . W h a la ta la anvironm ant. ExcaUaat ag» « rtan- ity. 
Coll 
225-1541, axt. 42 for interview. 
R Í¿ 'U « n J A |ió « iA Y Il-------- 
Em p tavm ent Service 
4o4AA Sen Padre o24A44I 

StSM C in it I H i r 
P ra fa s tlen el on ly . SiS.OOe p a r yaor, m utt hove aw n truc k er von. Coll « S t-sm . 

 lease, otflca lum itura , th ow ca tet, sofa, sup p lias, coins 1er tola or w ill sp li items sep arately. Con be seen by gp p t. p i 17o3 Austin Hwy, 
494-4571. 
E i p r a r s i i j i------------- 

 woman 
Brotharheod School of i i ; 
Famiijfjealty 

---------------- D T F T uŸ -------------------- 
Butinasses ond inventories 
J. KAHN A ASSOC. 342 4122 
W iTeiaso Í ä ~(iVe w In a " 'b us i'n a's s' 
Bedding p iontt. 2 3oX» 4 com m ar- ctol graanhousts w ith astoblishad oc c eun ft. C oll S unday 12-7PM weakdavs oBar 5PM 344-9425. 

BAftTENOINg 
1o15 Jocksan K a iler No 2o3 
349-24o1 
A Texas C artitted Troda Scheal. 
I Free lOO ossittonce, discount to 
; Vetrans. 
New Ciossat begin May 3o 
REGISTRATIO N 
Mon ond Wad wte 7p m-iOom. 

 i 
IM i MUM61V lO CAU 

I 
IV 22$ 1446 ixaiKVV AND NtWV 

' in itia i troining. Good ba« MiBtt wt: axcaiiant tuiura tar in dividuel net a troid ot long hours. T ra v elin g 
, required. 
Coil 
341-2341 tar op p omtmant. 
JO B H U N T IN G 7 $ 12-545,ooo. 
Barnord Hoidone A Assoc. (512) 
342-3144. S ince 1947. N et a p lacement oeancy 
■" 
' 'k iV F tiV s é N N E C 
SEARCH CONSUL TAHTS 
42o4 Gardandeia ________ 
49o 9191 
PiACI VOuS W4M1 AO i 
IN (Ml (XPSiVV NIWV 
I 
CAtl 23V 1444 

Sp ecwuting Tp gcher lUacemant 
S P IA R » P a rsM nol t* r v lc a 
2o7 Jacfcsen-Keitar 
o2H292 wíuiTeimiíUHVHis 
M usi ba axp ariancad in long haul drivin g ta r at tacisi 3 years. M ust hove gaed drivin g record end be obia ta p ass OOT p hysical. Piaasa op p ly et dis p otc h a ttic « . G a n t- ca.inc .Uyp ida, Tx 27AS444. 
• oa IMI ( A vti VI kt v ó lti 
ON A WANT AO 
IH ( rxUMa iR lO C A ll 
IV 2 2 S -I6 44 f XP« (SS ANO N IW $ 

 meth ods, and tech niques of analysis to in­ clude zero-based budgeting a nd program budgeting; must possess a th orough knowledge of principles and practices of pub lic adm inistra tion and of th e organisa­ tion and func tion of m unicipa l government. 

M ust be a graduate of a college or university w ith a degree in BubUc A d­ m inistration,, urban Studies or Business 
M anagem ent, prefera b ly supplemented by a Master's Degree tn P ublic A dm inistra tion or related fteld . A t least fiv e (5/ years ex­ perience in local governm ent of w h ich a t least tw o (2) years must be in a supervisory cofm city. 

Th e C ity offers a broad benefit program including H ea lth /L ife Insurance. 

A lt applicants m eeting th ese require­ ments m ay direct th eir resumes to; 

O ffice of th e C ity M anager 
C ity of San A ntonio 
PoH O ffice Box 9 o66 
Sun A ntonio, Texas 78 28 5 

Resumes sh ould reach th e C ity M an­ a ger’s O ffice no la ter th an 4:3o P.M ., June 
/, 19 77. A ll intfuiries sh ould be lim ited to w ritten applications or resumes. A pplicants m ay be contacted for intervieus. 
THE C in OF S AN ANTONIO IS AN EQUAL 
OPFOHTVNITY EMFLOIEH! 

G I T Z 
•*n m o ld est pmst conftrol so mg an y In 
T om os " ntedf matura, raspenséte 
S A L IS REOPL E 
Wa offer on axcallanl future with good fringa hanefitt in­ cluding ratframanl g p p (r)2 3 iW .R Iiep ig dy 

Accap hng ep p lleettans ta r axp ar- la n ca d, p ra ta s s ia n g t, full tim e tola x p a rton in L odla s ra a dy-ta - w a or. F in e fa sh ion s B outique. 
CoH 349-13o9 1o om-4 p m ta r on 
MnfHTKIiffiSliLfS 

 gem e^S w ûna^rà *S S s ^ x p er- ienca nacatsary CoH John H. L q- p hem 
II, advertising director, 
224-4411. 
-------------- X ilfiY i--------------- 
R edecorated, etlebilth ed leca* 
Hen. I desk ta till. Newly llcensad leern oh Bolds et rea l estote. 
MAC R E A L E tT A T E o 2 t-» 2 l 
AITBnilW: 

A ta w^ta SÎÂi^iÎrSiS^ areas era new a v a iio h la in T E X A S . 
B x tre hlqh incarna a p p a rtun itv ta r d irec t s a la t g a ep la w ith o gravan reta rd ta call an tairm a rt, renchars, cam m arciei. in dustn ol accaunts and rep a ir shep t a ft., w ith a tep qua iily lin e at ba lls, c a bin ets and (eo lt. E x c a ila n t 
' rep ea l butln a s s and p roia c ted 
: ta rritoria s contained with absolu- talv no invastm ant ta r Btasa w ith 
! occa p ta bla c redit ra tin g m oke 
’ B lit p roven p ragrem w ith tap rat- 
: ad noBanqi cemp env a must. Von er p ickup en osset. F or m ore in- 
I tarm ahen end in terview in your 
¡ oree p ta a tt drop a br ief note 
1 tnciuding your p hono num ber le 
P.O box 
732, 
O alroit.M tchiaan 
1 M231 

A Í5 'f? ríW P f? T s n S « S ta ¿ -7 e7 a a a r a t tiv a y eun p m an on d woman ta hondta astabiithad and now a uta end a ula ra tela d ac- ceunta Vmr ep p t cat! 735-417I 
AVON 
To buy er salt 
2344941 aiSlNESSiSBOOMiNe 
N a c es tito la s 4 a x p a ria n c a d , hcensed assacietes ta ba eddad ta aur M ia s 1ère« . W« p ravida the teats at the h-eda that p roduces the satas tar y« u. Colt 
•24-2391 ( A n y tim g ) 
Deanie Owens Co 
R E A L T O R I-A ustin Hwy OH 

 t142 Austin MWV 

1HI ACIION NUM KI« fOR IAV1 RiSUHV 
PlACt VOUX WANT AD 
IN TM( tXPk tVV N tw s 
CACI } 2 5 .t444 

A 

P i 

I 

P a g e 
S a n A n t o n i o E X P R E S S - N E W S — 
S o t u r d a y M a y 2 8 Ì 9 7 7 

36/36 
36 MONTHS OR 
36,ooo MILES 
MECHANICAL SERVICE 
CONTRACT 
FOR NEW CAR BUYERS 

*ALl MONTHLY PAYMENTS BASED 
ON 48 MONTHS AT 1o .9 7 A.P.R. 
W I T H D O W N P A Y M E N T A S 
SHOWN AND QUALIFIED CREDIT. 
LOCAL TAX & LICENSE NOT IN­ 
CLUDED. 

YOU WILL FIND COMPARABLE 
TERMS AND SAVINGS ON OVER 
8o o NEW CARS AND 6 o o NEW 
TRUCKS IN STOCK OR ON OR­ 
DER. 

LOOP 41o AT SAN PEDRO • 341-3311 
SHOWROOM HOURS: 7 A.M.-9 P.M. MONDAY-FRIDAY 
7 A.M.-7 P.M. SATURDAY 

ISO?-SALES 
6 o?-SALES 
16 o2-SALES 
SECRETARIAL 
Ä 
FARMERS INSURANCE GROUP 

. WHY WAIT TILL TOMORROW? 

Let us show you to d ay th at__ 

♦ You con learn our business 

♦ M o k e m ore m o n e y 
♦ Be successful in o rewording career 
♦ Continue present |ob while starting your own agency on a port time basis 
♦ Training and supplies furnished 
♦ Available locations in San Antonio, 
San Marcos and Fredericksburg 
♦ N o investment 
For co m p le te d e ta ils call 
Charles Manley at 656-3266 

SALES OPPORTUNITY 

We ore lookmq for people in terested rn purtutnq o toreer in fiiAl ESTAtC. We offer on e« 
(elient (omm»»on schedule, plus exfensiye tompony wide trainmg a u fOR AM IN TnvlfW 

344-62o7 
DEANII 
OWENS CO. 
RiAlTOItS-MlS 

N. WIST OfC. 

6IKAIillWSTItATIVE 

Ü IM IA L 
6o6-ADMINISTRATIVE 
FINANCIAL 
61o-OmCE I CLERICAL 

MJUiUEIICTIHUIfa COMFAIIY 

KAL ESTATE MENTS w# n«td 3 Mcaitftd ■••nl* ttiot wont to «row witti o «rofestianal orsonliaHon. Comvfate trainin« and excalltnt commiHton. 
734HM3« 

EXECUTIVE SICRETARY 
Type 65-75 W P M , take SH & dictation. Also use transcrip­ tion equipment. 
Salary commensurate with experience, 
^ p l y in person between 8-5, w eekdays, at 
1123 S.E. Military Dr. 
Equal Opportunity Employer 

I M M i D i A T H Y 
FULL CHARGE 
BOOKKEEPER and 
OFFICE 
MANAGER 
Must have experience id f 
‘ 
. jesi__, ., 
Saturday 

MAMA6ER TRAINEE 
Telephone collection agency hos immediate opening in their Son 
Antonio branch office. Credit-col- lection experience or two years college helpful. Must be neat, ag­ gressive ond have a need to sue 
I ceed. No outside calls, 4o hour week, good benefits. Excellent 
Gurorantee Salary and Bonus. 
Telephone 734-7l7t 
ACCOUNT SERVIC ES and transportation mn 
• Tuesday through 
6o8-SECRETARIAL 

SALES i6 Q 4 - T!iin D ^ 

ASSISTANT STORE MANAGER 
MANAGER TRAINEE 

Southwest’s lorgest toy retailer is now loking applica­ tions for the position of Asst. Mgr 
M gr Trainee G ood opportunity and growth potential is avoilable with this fosf moving, progressive retail chain. Excellent insur- once and other company benefits. Retail experience re­ quired. 

Send qualifications, experience, background and salary requirements fo; 
M r. Pedersen 
PO Box 147o, Son Antonio, Tx 78295 
E q u a l O p p o r t u n ity E m p lo y e r 

Deanie Owens Co 
REALTOHS-Joff rson Otc 
"” ¥ è A t E Íf ¿ r l " s Á t E S ^ 

8TUpTS-6u«$-6als 
EX C ELLEN T SUMMER 

Fine homo» ter fine tamilios. Por personaltiod training (no exper. lence needed) coll 
, 
Intorstote. MI-o7S5 'HI t 

ISAL ESTATE SAUS 
Opening o new branch office in 
Northeast Son Antonio has created openings tor oddltienai soles personnel in two of our of­ fices. In addition to a generous commission schedute.wc offer g proftl-sharing plon, social securi­ ty and medical insurance payments plus exceptional otNce accommodations in excetiinf locations. RIgose coll me fgr o confidential interview if you are licensed and considering chang­ ing companies er preparing tg apply for p license. 
RUSS K LIN G IN SM ITH 342-41o« 

R E A L E S T A T E SALES 
COUNTER SAUS 
WORUHNIDE REALTY 

EX C ELLEN T 
EARNINGS OPPORTUNITY 
Eorn $S-$S per hour (weTI prove 
It!) Flexible hours, no experience necessary. Qualify lor voluoble awards, your choice of an AM-FM protoble radio, «-track player, video gome, Columbia to-speed biqvcle + mony more suoerVtor owords - " - 

. MDTMESfRVICECO. 
Bench Technician!! Join a grow- 
I ing nation wide electronic service company. Who is expanding in the 
! Son Antonio area, excellent ben- i efits, paid vocation, bonus plan 
I for production. Apply 1213 Basse 
{ Rd. or Cdlt 734-46o3. 

CoTi FÜlTe? PTodu'cfs : RflR - BCCWMCR 
Cgnter 4t4-s«t2________________ 
S y i 

WIWTED IN THIS AREA 
3 PEOPLE WNO CAN SELL 

R E LIA B L E RESUM ES 
W RITTEN REASONABLY 
Econ-O-Resources, 42o4 Oor- dendole, ttt-1o15 

Eorn up fo $2ÔÔ'fô'$3oÔ'ô wwk fo 
El 
»tort. Experience preferred but will train people with soles poten ti«i Leads furnished. Coll 732-113» 
An eguol opportunity componv 

We ore uccepling opplicntions for oor soon tO'open Woliem 
•food Offne {«tensive in house 
»fominq pioqrom foi ton- fidcnliul intervie* toll 
81II 
McGinnis at 4»‘i-7o5i 

TRAINEE 
. Apply no3 S. Frio. 223-3(13 

ìt o s o u r B c k f ilm 

Have opening for one Solesmon to sell C h a m link fences and potto covers. Good opportunity for the right person. Coil 227-S4H _______ 
N.J. H ERBECK REALTY, INC. 
Needs full end part time ogents to 
Stoff it’s Oettview office. For de- tons con N.J. Herbeck 34T-I47». 

 e s t a t e s a l e s , we need 
? full time licensed agents in our southside office. Our commission schedule Is the best. Excellent opportunity tor large commission income. In residential ond farm and ranch sales. 
»24-43«! 
NITBS 4»4 2333 
Hughes A Briscoe REALTORS 

S3oKFLUS 

•lAitORS >- 3« flAtS o1 teusi 

SALES 
PERSON 
WANTED 

Fold while troininf. Some soles expemnte preferred 
Call Mr. Dixon 
227-5o51 

Cempony With New Office In S.A., 
Looking For Good Exped Sale­ sperson To Present New Pro ­ gram, Top Doflor, Advoncement, 
Bonus. No Fee 
Century Placement Service 
133 W Century Bid« 34»-t373 

 aaanAc e r t ra in e e 

 j RESID EN TIAL REA L ESTATE 
I Would you like a great amount of i floor time with a large number of 
I phone calls. Higher commissions, j massive advertising program, 
: continuous professional training 
¡,pnd broker support. For con­ fidential interview call Bob 
«S3mY* 
“ * 
»2N-57o4. 
Nitos 

We ore interested in people to monage our stands In the Son 
Antonie and Austin oreos. It en­ tails someone to sell fireworks ond to hove the necessary help on the 3rd and 4th of July. It also requires someone that con be at the locotion 24 hours eoch doy; or hove someone there offer closing. 
We would like to talk with you and discuss our operation in detail. 
Please coll and set up on oppoinl- ment with us. 312-422-3112 Or 
Write: Mr. W. Fireworks Inc. PO 
Box 114, Somerset, Tx. 7«o4» 

6o6 MMINÌ8TMTIVE 
FtllUyVCMU. 

„ W E S T E R N S T O R E 
Due to expansion. Manager ond 
Manager Trainees wonted. Must be honest and dependable. Good salary Pius commission. Must be willing to reloeoto. Call Mr. Smith. 
3IM41-o43I 
_______ 
_____ 

WIU TRAIN 
Locai meat compony has opening for neof, aggr'ess'iveVefson' 
4«4-4f47 tor inlervigw oppt. Kings 

 raStnON 
AVAlUUXf 
FM 
âlCGMKHBM COUNSaOR. Job ditcription, wotk 
«ith inter- disci^inaiy tenn in reudenhal, therapeutic community for treot ment ef peisons with okohM rekited probMim. 
ShovW be quoidied le tsnduet group dis- fUKioi», indîviduoi counselina, intoryiiMng and otcidiol edu- cahon. 

QuoliftcatioflS; Nstovtnnj «ko- h(Â{ «Mb « minimum of 1 yr stobt« sobriety preferred. Sokiry 
»torts et $7,5oo plus. Contort 
John L ScaHoy fxecutive Oirertor, 
It. 12 lex 27« SA. Tx. 71221 

Rodw Shock Has opening tor ceF tage graduates in store man­ agement training program. 
732 3412. __________________ 
MEN AND WOMEN 

, 
SALES 
Encyelopoedia Britannica 
Direct Sales • Top Comm 
__________732-21o3 
_______ 
Soles oiri lor retoil flowers. Pot 

Men Meot Co., Inc 

34»-454l 

Outgoinar want a Challenge? 
Meet peapic and make money. 
Con 223-ooo3. 
Notional Food Compony 
Desires person wiilino to work tor a better life, e hove on established sales route open. Good salary, incentive pay, tronsportotion and expenses. Company insurance and benefits. Send resume to: 
Little Brownie Bakers, 3413 Jock- wood, S. A. 71231 

 j Soles Lodies ready to weor, ex- perienccd tut! time or port time. 
Apply in person only. 447 W 
Hiidebrond 
SALESMEN, Fence Co., sfort im mediotely, 34»-23o4 or 4»4-747o 

 ni l ICa«l !Ei l MHSfH 
Si n IT 3» 
Lodies Spcciottv Shop 
RctoH soles experience with 
Missy customers important. Mut hove seliina and mgm exp. Ad­ vancement oppartunlty. Prlnpe benefits, salary + bonus. Inter­ view W ith resume. Apply in per­ son (no oppllcofions ever phone) 
132 Control Pork Moil. Equpt op- portunity empleyer 

. -,.)ngs 
. ........... 
Sotos Rep, security services. Mo­ tore, weil froomed guollty per- sennei only. 73HHo 

FHUri KKLF 
Permanent oasition tor sottstadv. 
Lenney's North Sicr Mail store. 
Experience preferreO. Good salary, employee discount, hospt- filUotien, paid ycoeotlon. No phone colts. See Mist Gonjoies or 
Mrs Greefl, LEN N EY'S 4o North 
Star Mon 

Position avoiiobto immedlotely in 
San Antonio for O IV ISIO N A L 
MANAGER lomiliar wIth medieoi 
Industries, up to «34K per year 
All benetits. Send résumé to Setoc 
Inc.,4oo E. Anderson Lone, Suite 
33o, Austin. TX 7«7S2 or cali 
(SI2)I37I»o4 

SALfSPi RSON 
31,ooo month while troining. No experience necessary Must be neat, aaoretsivc and wont to moke 33o,ooo-31oo,ooo per year. 
Send resume and retei'ences to 
Personnel Monaaer, 283» Nogie 
SI.,Oollot,TX 7322o. All replies conhdenliol! 

 nUWRRNSIUTJUIT 
Wont mature, hord working in­ dividual. Neal apoeoronct, must meet people welt. Incentive plan. 
4o hr week. 3 evenings. Otoin Mills 
Portroit Stodig «2«-4l7S tor oppt 

SALES R EPRESEN TA TIV E ter est. moteriot handling equip, firm in Son Anionio, mechonicol aptitude needed, car necessary, draw towards comm, high school some college prel Will Iroin. 
|M d resume to Express Box 4342 

 eVOUROmjlSEIIICYe 
Formers Insurance Group offers complete training program and oil types of insurance. Continue present |ob while storting your own agency on port time basis. 
Training and supplies turniehed. 
For a confidentioi interview, con­ loe! Sales M onaaer, Je rry 
McDoujald^y^oM^ 
6M-1ECMIIMI 

CIVtLRRMlSIIIAN 
TfCKMICIiUII 

ACCOUNTANT 

CoBeg« degree esfh nwjor in occounflog required. 
CFA 
«rfitkoti or port of CFA 
•xom jMKMd it desired. 3 fn. experience, of feed 1 m governmentol oteounling it required 
Stnd resvNw to 
Alamo A n a Council of Gevornmonts 
4oo Thr»* Anwricos 

Experience in street drainage and sewerage layout. Established hrm ond ggod benefits 433-7223 
Son Antoni 
•ON« 

8M 9 . itonio 782o$ 
■teixTM 

M E i g T K l H i i t i M iifion open tor Civil E ngin 

Apply in Parson 
CANYON CREfK 
COUNTRY CLUB 
179 1o Blanco M 
Ask for Mrs. Neimann 
SECRETARY 

NURSING HOME 
ADMINISTRATOR 

EXCELILNT OPPORTUNITY 

1 o o Bed Skilled 
Nursing Facility 

BEEVILLE, TEXAS 

S E N D R E S U M E TOi 
PAUL LANGFORD 
PO BOX 18o 
SHERMAN, TX 75o9o 

Local real «state firm in the Turtle Creek orea has immediate opening for a sharp, aggressive, re­ sponsible person with general secretarial skills. 

Versotility ond personali­ ty are important! 
Coll Sandy 
6 9 o-9 8o2 

 ifiS i 

ACCOUNTING CLERK 

Type 4o WPM 

Bookkeepins Helpful 

Must be able to hondie 

 phone inquiries. 

Hrs. 8:oo A.M.- 

5:oo P.M. 

Mon. thru Fri. 

APFLY IN PERSON 

9A.M.-1I A.M. or 

2 P.M.-4 P.M. 

Aye E and 3rd St. 
Ax toxxi OepxniMily (xwtxyxf 

 i l D - 

 omatúSiiop nMJB I mpma CS'VA feecliSjEne 
* 
Ha lf a n« la rga Silt loshla ns 

CASHIERS -Operate electronic* point of register. Experienced or most learn quickly sole 

STOCK CONTROL Shipping and receiving of store merchandise 
^ 

^ ^ L E S A S S O C I A T i S - S e l l floor merchandise fo customer. High potential earnings. 

★ IxceHent Wages 
★ Goad Benefits 

★ Merchondise Discount 
★ Career Opportunity 

Appfy in person at 
Pers«»nnel Dept. 
1616 N. Main (Behind SAC) 

 iquol Opportunity Employer E/f 
^ 
-I 

4snVICEMAN*6 {Re 

^ 
FOR WHOLESALE 
^ 

♦♦ 

FOR WHOLESALE 
APPLIANCE AND 
ELECTRONICS 
OtSTRIBUTOR NEEDED 
• Supervisory, odminis : jupervisory, oamims- i trotive ond technical^ experience necesscry ▲ 
- 
Call S. Newherger 
¿ 
^ CENTRAL DtSTRIBUTiNG# 
▲ 
CO. INC. 
▲ 
^ 22S-1541,«xt.7o^ 

Experienced Legal Secretary wanted, capable of taking charge in business litigation matters, good fringe benefits and excellent opportunity to learn and be stimulated. Salary commensurate with experience and ability. 
31o4. 

LEIMISECRETIUIY with experience in litigation mat­ ters. Good fringe benefits. Salary commensurate with experience ond obillfy. 223-»443 
LEG AL SECRETARY, downtown preo, typing, shorthand, book­ keeping, billing, telephone, tele tran, filing and callers. Neot 

.. — ..jg, ___ ______ ________ tran, filing and receiving business callers. Neat personable ond conscientious. 227-o281 
Secretary.Clerk, type SO WPM, life shorthand, «-$, 3 doys a weok. 
Moving Company experience helpful, coll 225-2»34. 

, 
SECRETARY 
General office work, responsible 

FULL CHARGE 
BOOKKEEPER 
Shorn, corter minded person sou^t for position with full ronge of borAkteping-gentral office responsibilftiet. Must hove 
2 yeors experience in general oc- countino os well os exposure to hnoncwl statements ond tpiorter- ly poyroi reporting. Responsible for oil bookkeeping of o reput- oWe, growing manufottorer, locoted northeost of city, who of- fers: 
• Excellent workmg conditions 
• Compelifive tolory « benclifs 
• Bo Downtown troffic load resuRie t«: 
TIMBER TECH INC 
7o BOX S7-H W 1 
Obolo, Tx 781 ( 

I CLAIMS-SECRETARY- 
RECEPTIONIST 

Property and Casualty agency 

* STRUNK INSURANCE 
• 
225-29 9 1 

612* MEDICAI 

 person only. Cali Manlio Covai lin* lini, 733-ot4t or 433-oo»7 

A xivca- I 
1, oX1. 1 
SECRETARY 
SOUTHSIDE, SCHOOL ADM IN­ 
ISTRA TIO N O F F IC E , type 7o 
WPM, varied office duties. 
»24 8331. 

EXPERIENCED 
BOOKKEEPER 

Full charge, ombifious bookkeeper, 
Agri-business knowledge man dolory. Fermonenf position with ex pondmg operation. Send resume- ond solary requirement lo: 

Applicant 
P. o. Box 1263 
Kingsviile, Tx. 78363 

UNITED 
PERSO N NEL 
CONSULTANTS 
Jobs Guorontoed-»24-44«t 
Wanted Legol Secretary with shorthond. 224-42P1. 
WOAI Radio 
Secretarial opening, type S3 wpm. 
*■'*** tglephone' 
' «26'933t EOE. 

BOOKKEEPER 

Moture person, occounts tecetvoble, Melee system, must type, some Saturdoy work, mojoi company benefits. 

Apply 
Getz 
Exterminators 
122 8 West 
3so(iy 

A Very Speciol Service 
New Day Personnel Consultants 
»o1 NE L o o p 41o- «2«-44»4 

SCHOOL TEACHERS 
Eorn from 31,ooo to 32.ooo for II days work sforting June 24-July 4. 
Write Mr W Fireworks Inc., PO 
Box 114, Somerset, TX ;oo4» 

 roe r*3t »ism ii eiACl YOUF WANT AO 
'N iHi ixentss Ntws 
CALI 223 16o4 

SMngsiiiiRgaigEfbg 
S/ltfSMfN 

Position oo4n~tor Civil Engineer rng Techisickin tor person exper lenced in droftinp. Work consists of street, erginoge, sonitory sewer and woler distribution plans and profiles, permonent po­ sition, salary open depending on quoliticohons. J24-»4»4 
E X P RADIÒ I n s t a l l e r need ed, top pay 4 vocation. Coll 
734-3317 Mr Newhafl 
Instructor Air Craft Maintenance 
A-P licence, mimimum 3 yrs. oir- crotf maintenance experience required Teaching bockground preferryl »24-«S3' 

ACCOUNTANT: Experience and education in generol and con­ struction iob cost accounting 
Knowledge at 6DP opwrolion is desired. Supervise Ihe accounting deof ond prepare monthly tinon- ciol stotements ond reports. 
Solory dependent on quolttico- fions Send resume lo Exprès Box 
2628 S A. 7«2»7 

 i Texos otf^eids^ o'refer^2*yr\*tor 
' pony. Quality lead s.___ sory Colt 733 3381 for appi 
Car neces- i iege sciencp ond 'siñgie. Monorch 
Logging 344-SO»! 

Fee Pd, Adiuster trainee, degree, 
39,ooo, rush 
Century Placement Servite 
133 W Century BIdg 34»-1373 
FULL CHARGE BO O K KEEPER, 
CPA firm, norlheasf loop locotion. lest given lo verify quaiiticahons. no ogencies Coll Eloise tor oppi 
8284381 

CREDIT MANAGER 

G reat opportunity with 

 growing retail choir». 

Several positions ovail- 

 obie in Son Antonio and 

 surrounding orea. 
Solory 

 commensurate with qool- 

 ficotions 
Send resume fo 

J Keifh, P O . Bo* i4 86 . 

Son Antonio /'829 S 

^ 
ROOKKUPER 
Experienced aniy Kuest Corp , 
Metol Fobricolors 1o9o» IH33 
North 433-122o 
B O O K K E E P E R , soside, book- keeping, reco’rds,' ViiringT ele 
Admin Office. »24-o531 ate. 
School 
Writ 

CREDIT OFFICE needs person experienced in all 
Phases ef credit and lollections. type at least SOwpm. Stort 32.4o on hour. Contact Mr Bankier, 345 W. I 
Commerce 227-33o3 (bilingual I obititv necesssofy) 
' 

RECEPTIONIST 
Maturi ptrson 
Accurati typist 

ACCEPTING APPLICATIONS 
FOR 2 CRN A’S 
FOR EMPLOYMENT STARTING 7-1-77 
PLEASE WRITE OR CALL 
R. W . MANLEY ADMINISTRATOR 
513 -383 -62 11 

EDINBURG GENERAL HOSPITAL 
333 W IST FREDDY GONZALES 
EDINBURG, TEXAS 78539 
«QUAL OPPOITUNITY «MFLOVfk M/f 

 apply in person application to make 

442» Rittinion Rd. 
CircltKCorp. 

 sto-gfFiaiciHiciii 

FUT TIME 
Genero! otttce, 1o-key by touch, of 
•east I yr experience. Contact 
Miss Gotlordo 223-3341 

F U L L 
TIM E 
PO SITIO N 
REO PEN ED IN STOP N GO AC­ 
C O UN TIN G D E P A R TM E N T, must type SO wpm nd operate lO kev by loueh. coll Tom Peter 
V»" Ol 344 4326 

GIRL FRID AY, typHtg business letters, bookkeering, general ot- 
*iee, solory open, call 224-4138 
Ask tor Mr Spongier 

 i „RECfFTIRIIIST 
; Need to be attroctive ond enioy meeting people. Work Sat. and 
Sun,^ 

 i 
CALL PHYLL.'S j 
Between »om to 4om 

KEYPUNCH OPERATORS 
Minimum I year experieece 
• Full Timt 
• 6 p.m.-2 o.111. 
• Udondoy-Fridoy 
Apply in Person 
FROST BANK 
Personnel Dept. 
1oo W. Houston st. iquol Opportumty tmployer 

61o OFFICE 6 ClERiCAl 

MOO-f PBX Operolors. Exp. Good 
CO. NS localfon. Rosie 
Perm onent, experienced A C ­ 
COUNTS R E C E IV A B L E NCR posting machine. 1o key add Light type, Good company benefits and salary. Free porking. Call Mrs 
McMurtrov, 
Matera 
Paper 
Co.,223 »412 

Near Blossom Stadium, lite record keeping, payroll ond typ­ ing. 824-oo47 

LADIES 
I need on assistant Prefer iwilt. lory or working gtrl, part lime or toll time. 14-2o hours a week. Call 
723 4451. 

828 6388 
Po ri lime typing at home for housewife with expert typing skills, typewriter furnished Rep- ly to Express Box 4344 S.A 78297 

ONE GIRL OFEiCE 
Secretary, lypina, tiling, life 
I bookkeeping, phone, generol ol- iice exp. 433-7223 

Additiona l 
Cla ssifie d 
On Pa ge 
1 2 a n d 1 3 D 

I ' 
à 

.o. 
A ito