I SWEEPSTAKES 77 
Dream trip for two to Mexico City. 
 os 

Final 
Home 

354 

APRIL 17, 1 9 7 7 

JEANE 
DIXON 
QUARTERLY PREDICTIONS 
In the STAR 
HEARST 
C aptive in D a d d y 's m ansion 
Life afte r the SLA 
Page-1H 

Inside Today! 

 rWITH IO ADDITIONAL 
CO M ICS EVF PY WEEK 
„ 
T 
IN .out ho SUNDAY EXPRESS-NEWS 
THE SUNDAY 
EXPRESS NEWS 
America’s fastest growing Sunday newspaper 

FORECAST 

Cloudy, showers. High. mid-7os. Low, m id-5os. 

SATURDAY TEMPTRATURES 
IN COLUMN TWO 

Rosa gets a m essage fro m F red Carrasco 

By ALAN BAILEY 
COPYRIGHT 1977, EXPRESS-NEWS CORP 
A ll RIGHTS RESERVED 

The voice of long-dead Fred 
Carrasco told his listening wi­ dow last week that he was an obstacle to be sacrificed for Ro­ sa Carrasco’s good. 

Rosa listened quietly and showed few emotions as the Express-News played tape recordings made by her husband 

 d u rin g the 1974 H u n tsville prison siege. The siege ended when Carrasco w as shot to death by authorities. 
At one point in the tapes C arrasco made a joke. Rosa laughed. 
The tape session was requested by 
Rosa and was conducted in the p re­ sence of her attorn eys, Anthony Ni­ cholas and Roy B arrera. 
. 
The Express-N ew s is the only San 
Antonio newspaper to interview Rosa. 
It was her second exclusive, in-depth interview. 
How S.A. voted 

These are complete, unofficial returns. 

MAYOR 

Lila Cockrell 
.................................................................................. 62,447 
John Monfrey 
................................................................................ 43,o39 

DISTRICT 2 

Webb 
......................... 4,131 
Williams 
................... 3,483 

DISTRICT 3 

Dutmer 
..................... 5,9o8 
Billa 
........................... 5,269 

DISTRICT 4 

Wing 
Mata 
4,712 
4,1o9 

DISTRICT 5 

Eureste 
..................... 5,855 
Chapa ......................... 3,o85 

DISTRICT 6 

Ortiz 
........................... 4,o34 
Thompson ................. 3,654 

DISTRICT 7 

Alderete 
................... 7,579 
Teniente 
................... 4,654 
P leased Lila vows progress 

By KEM PER DIEHL 
Wearing a victory orchid on her shoulder and a smile on her face, Mayor Lila Cockrell S a ­ turday night pledged two years of progress for all 
San 
Antonians. 
The mayor told supporters jam m ed into the Colonial fcoom of the Mengcr 
Hotel that her first priority will be to work with the new council to set goals for the city. 
She told reporters she hopes to have 
City Mgr. Tom Huebner start briefing sessions with new council m em bers a week from Friday. 
Queried about Heubner’s plans, me, mayor said the m anager would soon be able to present his own program to the council. 
“ He’s beginning to form his opinion on ways to strengthen and stream line operations,” she said. 
Victory clear 

By the tim e the mayor arrived at her election night party at 8 p.m .. it was clear she had won an overwhelming victory. 
As she stood before a large black­ board which displayed the vote tally to talk to rep o rters, the m argin grew steadily wider. 
When all returns were compiled, in fact, the m ayor had carried 7 of the city’s IO council d istricts. Those she lost were by close m argins. 
“ We felt at the end of the day today that we had done the jo b ,” she ob­ served, pointing out that hundreds of volunteers had worked on a coordinat­ ed effort to get out her vote. 
Phone blitz 

“ There were 125 phones working all day long.” she reported, explaining that much of her final cam paigning had been devoted to visiting volunteers working the phone banks. 
The m a y o r’s cam p aig n lead ers revealed the telephone blitz was so 

 effective that in m any p recin cts IOO per cent of the identified “ Lila vote” had gone to the polls. 
The telephone operation appeared to have been e sp e cia lly e ffe c tiv e in catching up the vote after a morning lag caused by stormy weather. 
One of the first to a rr iv e at the 
C olonial Room w as S tev e H e ste r, cam paign coordinator. He was bub­ bling with elation over the m ayor’s 2-1 edge in the absentee vote. 
He was soon joined by Lew Ground, campaign chairm an, and Chip Atkins, the mayor’s advertising chief. 
Turning point 

What was the turning point in the tough race? 
• All of the cam paigners agreed. M rs. 
Cockrell explained: 
“ I think the turning point was the challenge I issued to debate Mr. Mon­ frey in front of City Hall.” 
She also agreed that her own com ­ petitive spirit had been touched off by the lavish magazine section the John 
M onfrey cam p aig n p laced in new ­ spapers before the first election. 
“ It crystalized in my mind the fact we were fighting a heavily-financed cam paign, and that it would take a m ajor effort on my part to win,” she said. 
Enlarging on the im portance of the m ayor’s debate challenge in the course of the cam paign was Peck Young, a partner in the Austin consultant group which directed the m a y o r’s sophis­ ticated phone bank operation. 
Macho 

Before the m ayor hurled the ch al­ len ge, he e xp lain ed , M onfrey had gained momentum. But the result of the incident, he said, was that “ she ended up with the m ach o ” and the challenger “ never got his constituency belick ** 
A second major factor, Young said, was that Monfrey’s statem ents gave 

Inside the Express-News 

A ction/Express................................8B 
A r ts ........................... 
Magazine 
Business.....................- ................... 1*4® 
Classified............................Section C 
D eaths.................................................27C 
Editorials..........................................• 
F ie s ta ............................ Sections K,M 
H oroscope........................................WE 
M ovies..................................Magazine 
P olitics.................................................2H 
Chuckle 
Did you hear what one man did when he found out that most auto accidents happened within IO miles of home? He moved. 

111TH YEAR N O . 57 

Soap O peras...................................... GG 
S p o rts.................................. Section S 
W eath er...............................................4B 
COLUMNISTS 
Ann Landers.................................... 1oE 
Dan Cook........................................... 2S 
Dan Klepper.................................. I OS 
Dear Abby.........................................1oE 
Jack Anderson............................... 6H 
Paul Thompson................................ 3A 

S A T U R D A Y 'S T E M P E R A T U R E S 
1 a m. 
2 a m. 
3 a m. 
4 a m. 
5 a.m. 
6 a.m. 
7 a.m. 
8 a.m. 

9 am . 
6o 
1o a rn. 
62 
11 a.m *65. 
Noon ' ’ -66 
1 p m. 
68 
2 p.m. 
67 
3 p.m. 
69 
4 p.m. 
71 

5 p.m. 
6 p.m. 
7 p m, 
8 p.m. 
9 p.m. 
1o p.m. 
11 p.m. 
M id n igh t 54. 

E x p re ss-N e w s Exclusive 

Rosa claimed she was in Mexico at the tim e of the siege. She said she hadn’t heard the tapes and her late husband’s m essages to her until the 
Express-News interview. 
Upperm ost in her mind, she said, was establishing that the voice on tape was that of her late husband. 
She decided it was. 

Powerful and widely-feared czar of the la rg e s t heroin rin g in the 
Southwest, Fred C arrasco was killed 
Aug. 3, 1974 during a breakout attem pt at T exas state prison unit in Hunts­ ville. 
Killed along with C arrasco were a cohort, Rodolfo Dominguez, and two women hostages, Julia Standley and 

Elizabeth Beseda, who were prison ci­ vilian employes. 
O vershadow ed during the 11-day siege w ere C arrasco’s comments about his wife, Rosa. 
The latest interview was conducted in the offices of Rosa’s attorneys. 
The book 

During the lengthy playback se s ­ sions the attorneys made use of pic­ tures and information from the book 
“ F red C a rra s co : The Heroin M er­ 

 ch ant.” by Wilson M cKinney, an Ex- press-Ncws editor. 

Rosa occasionally switched to Span­ ish when answering questions. When she did, attorney B arrera acted as in­ terpreter. 

Under advice from her attorneys, 
Rosa declined to talk about subjects not covered by the siege tapes. 

Here are excerp ts from the inter- 

Cockrell sails past Monfrey 

By JAMES MCCRORY 
Mayor Lila Cockrell buried beer distributor John Monfrey under an avalanche of votes in 
Saturday’s runoff election. 

V oters also turned out to past-ure 
Councilmen Bob Billa and Richard 
Teniente. 

More election news, photos, 
Pages 
1oA , U A , 12A and IS A 

In the first election April 2, voters eliminated Councilmen Al Rohde and 
Ford Nielsen. 
Councilman Claude Black had elect­ 

 ed not to seek re-election , m eaning only four of th e c o u n cil’s nine members were returned to office this year as the council’s size grew to ll. 
Six oth er can d id ates, besides the m ayor, w ere elected to the council from districts in the runoff. 
In D istrict 2, which produced the council’s only black representative for the two-year council term starting May 
I, Joe W'ebb, 41, a grocery store m an­ ager, defeated Charles W illiam s S r., 
56, an E ast Side businessman. 
Dutmer 

Mrs. Helen Dutmer, 56, co-owner of 
J . D. Sales, will become the second woman on the new council, roarin g from behind in the April 2 election to edge Billa, 57, a real estate man. in the 
District 3 race. 
F ran k W ing, 39, a civ il s e rv ic e worker, held onto the lead he had over former football star Johnny M ata, 31, an automobile sales representative, to capture the District 4 seat. Mata nar­ rowed the m argin, but couldn’t over­ take Wing. 
College professor Bernardo Eureste, 
33, clobbered Dario Chapa. 39, project director for a vocational trades train­ ing program, to represent D istrict 5. 
St. Philip’s College counselor Rudy 
O rtiz, 33, overp ow ered A tty. Bob 
Thompson, 36, in the District 6 race. 
Joe Alderete J r ., 29, an adm inistra­ tive representative for CBM Education 
Center, cam e from far back in the 
April 2 vote to overtake Teniente, 48, a pharmacist, and send him back to the pharmacy. 

Mrs. Cockrell’s victory was decisive. 
The 55-year-old housewife was elected to her seventh term on the council, and her first as an Independent, by a vote of 62,447 to 43,o39 votes for Monfrey. 
The 19,4o8-vote m argin 
Saturday more than doubled the 8,152 votes by which she whipped H4-year-old Mon­ frey in the 1975 runoff. 
Total vote Saturday was registered by City Clerk G arland Jack son at a runoff record high of 1o6,53o. Previous high runoff vote was 1o4,3o3, set in the 
1975 runoff. 
The vote cam e in at 32.3 per cent of the potential, slightly lower than the 
34.5 per cent voting in the April 2 election. 
The mayor increased her vote total over the April 2 vote by 18,5oo, while 
Monfrey added only 7,993 to his April 2 total. That m eans, to a d egree, the endorsement of Mrs. Cockrell by Dr. 
Jose San Martin, who got 29,817 votes 
April 2 in running third, helped Mrs. 
Cockrell in the 
M exican-American areas. 
Makeup 

The old council, whicn now constats of six A n g lo -A m erican s, two Mex- ican-A m ericans, and one black, will present a more evenly distributed eth­ nic m ake-up a fte r M ay I. The new council will be made up of five Ang­ lo-A m erican s, five M exican -A m er- icans One with a dash of Chinese) and one black. 
Voters earlier this year, with a Ju s­ tice Department threat of blocking this year’s elections unless districting was ad opted, voted to am en d the city ch arter to provide for election of IO council m em bers from d istricts and continue to elect the m ayor at large. 
' T he co u n cil will h ave a little 

D eligh te d b y her d ram atic victory at the polls, M a y o r 
Lila C o ck re ll w a tc h e s v o te to ta ls a d d up a n d sm ile s h ap p ily as su p porte rs cheer a t ca m p a ign h e ad q u arte rs 
S a tu rd a y night. — Sta ff Photo b y H. M . D ean Jr. 
Aliens may get 
Carter amnesty 

ASSOCIATED PRESS 
WASHINGTON - President 
Carter says he thinks some form of amnesty will be required for the estimated eight million ille­ gal aliens or undocumented persons in this country. 

The White House m ade public oh 
Saturday the transcript of an interview' 
Carter had on Friday with a group of editors and broadcast news directors, even as 
Hispanic groups were staging a dem onstration in favor of such a move. 
Carter told a news conference F rid ay th at he hopes to send to C on g ress within two weeks a m essage on the subject. He said Atty. Gen. Griffin Bell and S e c re ta ry of A g ric u ltu re Bob 
Bergland expect to have recom m enda­ tions for him shortly. 
“ Some element of am nesty will be mandatory,” Carter said in the media interview. 

S .A . bishop a m o n g p ro te s ­ tors, P a g e 1 4 A 

“ Some of these illegal aliens have been here for 15 or 2o years. They are 
A m erican citizen s in the p ra c tic a l sense of the word ‘citizen.’ 
Self-supporting 

“ They have good jo b s, th ey a re self-supporting and we don’t want to kick them out. But I think the defini­ tion of amnesty is the difficult part, but I do think amnesty is going to be a part of the program .” 
As C a rte r’s re m a rk s w ere m ad e public, a coalition of M exican-A m er­ ican and asso cia te d o rg a n iz a tio n s called Concerned Hispanic Citizens of the United States assembled near the 
Lincoln M em orial, m arch ed to the 
White House and then listened to more. 

Hartman] 
Pyndus 
Alderete 
)rtiz 

San Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— Sunday April I 7 I 977 
Charlie 
Chaplin notes 88th 

Charlie Chaplin celebrated his 88th b irth d ay Saturday with his wife, 
Onna, and their eight children in their chateau-style home overlooking 
Lake Geneva, Switzerland. 
Flow ers, letters and teleg ram s from all over the world arrived at the 
Chaplin residence, but no outside v isito rs were expected, a fam ily source said. 
A large chocolate cake topped by a sugar-coated miniature of Chaplin's film character, complete with baggy pants and bowler hat, was prepared for the occasion. 

 rn 

W Htrf Hm interesting m eet 

War on love poverty waged by ex-tea-leaf reader 

CHARLIE CHAPLIN 
. . .going on 89 

Long before computer m atch m ak ­ ing, Clara Lane was busy convincing people that “ life without companion­ ship is an unnecessary form of pover­ ty.” 
And in the past four decades, the cherubic 75-year-old former tea-leaf reader — who relies on her memory and file cards instead of computers — reckons she has helped enrich the lives pf 2o,ooo couples. 
The m atronly cupid got into the matchmaking business in New York in 
193o when the good life started to go sour in direct proportion to her dimin­ ishing bankroll. 
Since then, business has only gotten better. 
“ If anything, changing attitudes of morality have made business a little better,” says Miss Lane. 
“ Sex,” she adds, “ is not going out ol style by any means.” 
She does admit, though, that while she has more clients, fewer of them are marrying. 
“ A lot of them are just living to­ g eth e r,” Miss Lane sighs. But she doesn't disapprove morally, only fin­ ancially. 
She collects her fees — based on 

 ability to pay, but averaging $5oo — after a person is married. So if there's no marriage, there’s no money. 
With all the couples she had brought together, Miss Lane has developed definite view about matrimony, as well as ample store of talcs: 
THE BEST HUSBANDS are divorced men because they miss home and are grateful to be resettled; but widowers are a problem because they often insist on displaying the dead wife’s picture on the dresser or mantle. 
ORIENTAL WOMEN make the best wives — “ I ve never had one come back,” — because “ they know how to take care of a man, American women are too independent.” 
THE SLIGHTLY BUILT short man 
“ always want the big mam as.” 
ONE MAN registered his mother- in-law in the club just to get her out of his house. 

Rita Hayworth released 

Actress Rita Hayworth has been granted permission to leave California after being confined to a hospital for over a month. 
Miss Hayworth, 58, was described as “ disabled by mental disorder or chronic alcoholism” in a suit filed last month by the Orange County counsel’s office, and has been hospitalized since then by court order. 
The order was lifted Friday, however, after a hearing to determine whether a permanent guardian will be appointed to look after her affairs was continued for two weeks. 

Ty. 

B i 
Miss CLARA LANE 
,. .making a match 

QUEEN ELIZABETH 
. . .rolling along 
Queen gets real fancy wheels 

Queen Elizabeth is to get a $1oo,(KM) 
Rolls-Royce as a jubilee year present from the Society of Motor M anu­ facturers and Traders of England. 
For use on official occasions, the car will have a raised roof, part of it transparent, and a special seat that can be a u tom atically raised or lowered. 
4o miles of sandbox 

Way out west, in the land of fruits and nuts and cactus and smog, th e re ’s a 4o-square-mile sandbox erected for the desert tortoise. 
An Illinois man ended his 1o-year search for an usual home: he’s pur­ chased a firehouse, sans pole, for 
$36,ooo. 
In a fairy tale cops and robbers espisode. Wisconsin police trailed a thief by following a line of jellybeans. 

These stores and more are in Flip 

Sunday EXPRESS-NEWS. 

Tension builds over charging of FBI agents 

ASSOCIATED PRESS 
WASHINGTON - Like boxers dancing around each other, the 
Justice Department and the FBI are sparring over the issue of prosecuting FBI men for illegal burglaries, wiretaps, and mail- opening operations. 
The case is taking on political over­ tones though both sides have insisted for a year that decisions must be made strictly on the basis of the law. 
FBI Director Clarence M. Kelley, in his first known effort to influence the departm ent’s decision, has publicly asked Atty. Gen. Griffin Bell to re­ consider the indictment of a former bureau supervisor and the charges planned against other bureau men. 
Based on interviews with more than a dozen lawyers and other officials in and out of the governm ent who have followed the pro­ ceedings closely, these courses of action seem open to 
Bell: 
• Ask the court to dismiss the felony indictm ent r e ­ turned April 7 against retired 
FBI supervisor John J. Kear­ ney, bring no other charges, and declare the investigation closed. 

Civil libertarians and others inter? csled in FBI reforms would view this course favorably, though not all would call it essential. Some say it’s more important to legislate reforms than to punish any alleged past misdeeds. 
* 
• Chart a middle course. Drop the charges against Kearney or allow him to plead “ no c o n te st” to a m ino r charge, forget any other indictments, and make all of the evidence public. 
This resembles the procedure chosen in the case of former Vice President 
Spiro T. Agnew who resig n ed and pleaded “ no contest” to a tax evasion charge as the department revealed its bribery and corru ption evidence against him. 
• Drop the whole matter in the lap of a special prosecutor with no ties to the department or the bureau. This might satisfy some bureau men w ho believe department lawyers are engaging in a 

FBI Director Clarence M. in his first known effort to iaf­ fluence the department's decision, has publicly asked A tty. Gen. 
Griffin Bell to reconsider the in­ dictment o f a form er bureau supervisor and charges planned a gainst other bureau men. 

This would please the bureau and such groups as the American Legion which have protested the indictment, but it would a la rm civil lib e rties groups who see prosecution as a way of assuring that alleged past wrongdoing is not repeated. 
• Proceed with all of the charges and let the question of guilt or innocence be determined by juries and judges. FBI officials and outside supporters say this would destroy bureau morale. 
Mafia purge alarm s lawmen 

Bv TOM R E N N E R 
NEWSCa * n e w s SETZKE 
NEW VORK - For the past two years, assassins for certain segm ents of the Cosa Nostra have been conducting what is believed to be a nationwide purge of their ranks, eliminat­ ing inform ers and problem m em bers with silencer- equipped, 22-caI. automatics, a weapon that has long been the favorite of U.S. spy agencies. 

The apparent purge, seemingly han­ dled by a selected group of “ hit men” from Phoenix, Los Angeles, Chicago and West Orange, N.J., has the FBI, the Drug Enforcement Administration and oth er federal law enforcem ent 

The fe d e r a l agencies are in a n ea r state o f p a ttie over the possibility that the identities o f inform ers have been leaked to the molt 

 agencies in a near state of panic over the possibility that the identities of informers have been leaked to the mob. 
An FBI m em orandum lists 19 in­ formers and mob dissidents who have been killed with .22s; federal sources said that as many as 3o may have been murdered. 
“ They’ve knocked off some of our best informers,” one FBI agent said, 
“ and they’ve nailed some top snitches for other agencies.” 
Another agent said. “ We don't know how thev’ve learned the identity of some inlorm ers, but I tell von Wa- pincus 
■ rnmpanv h o u s to n s t a t b ro a d w a y bum m il I 
4 i 11 M cC u l l o u g h 

 shington (FBI headquarters) is in a state of panic over the possibility of leaks.” 
Both agents said that in no bureau office was there a single list of in­ formers from across the nation that the mob could gain access to, but they conceded that inter-office memos on information received from secretly coded inform ers could have leaked through non-agent bureau employes. 
Informers are identified not by name but by special codes. 
“ If you read a coded report,” one agent said, “ you could probably figure out who was talking if you were a wiseguy (mobster).” 
While the FBI has refused to com­ ment officially on its “ hit list,” jittery agents and high-ranking officials of the 
Justice Department from throughout the country were meeting this week iii 
San Francisco to coordinate intelli­ gence and planned grand jury investi­ gations of the murders. 
The jury probes are expected to be­ gin in Arizona, California, Illinois and 
New York. 
The officials were also attempting to determine, it was learned, whether the slayings were part of a planned mob purge, aided by leaks in the federal intelligence system, or simply random killings that involved both informers and “ problem m em bers” of the mob and associates who have refused to follow mob orders. 
Feds investigate 
Federal agents have not found a sin­ gle, distinctive pattern that fits all the slayings, but Newsday has learned that there are several patterns under in­ vestigation: 
• The FBI has zeroed in on two sus­ pected assassins, both close asso­ ciates of a rising star in the Chicago mob, Anthony (the Ant) Spilotro. One of the suspected assassins is based in 
Phoenix and is a partner with Spilotro in a m ajor, Arizona-based narcotics distribution ring. 
The other is a Marina del Ray, Calif., free-lance “ hit m an” who is close to 
Spilotro and was seen meeting at Los 
Angeles International Airport with 
Spilotro and with two of the slaying victims, including Frank Bompen- sioro, who was the FBI’s highest- ranking known informer in the mob. 
• In New York and New Jersey, the 
FBI and police have been investigating the murders of two associates of John 
DiGilio of Hudson County, N.J.. a Car­ mine Galente crime family soldier. 
Both associates, Vincent Capone 
Frank Chin, were killed with the same 
.22, and both were informers. DiGilio 

 was convicted in 1975 in the theft of 
FBI files obtained through a female 
FBI clerk in Newark who, Newsday learned, is not in protective custody. 
Information provided by both Bom- pensiero and Milwaukee FBI informer 
August Miniaci, another of the hit vic­ tims — apparently funneled through the Newark office — may have leaked to DcGilio. 
• In Florida, a freelance gunsmith, 
George Nathanial G arrett, was sen­ tenced last month to 5o years in prison for selling an undetermined number of 
“ assassination kits” that included a 
.22 with sliencer hidden inside an at­ tache case. 
Garrett was an associate of Galente family soldier Charles Joseph Gag- liand of Miami, and there is a possibi­ lity, police sources said, that one of the kits was used in the slaying of an in- normer against fellow Galente soldier 
DiGilio. 
Among the victims whom Newsday has been able to identify as having been killed with .22s during the past two years and who were considered informers or mob dissidents were: 

• Edward Lazar — gunned dow n in a 
Phoenix underground garage on Feb. 
19, 1975, a day before he was to testify against landfraud “ godfather” Ned 
Warren. Lazar’s murder is believed to be linked to hit men of the Chicago mob. 
• Sam 
(Momo) 
Giancana 
— former Chicago crime boss murdered in the basement of his home June 19, 
1975, by an assassin he apparently knew and trusted. Giancana, subpoen­ aed to testify in CIA assassination plots, had defied Chicago mob orders in trying to regain control of his crime family. 

• August Jacob (Jake) Molinas — killed on the patio of his suburban Los 
Angeles home Aug. 2,1975. A convicted briber of New York college basketball players, he had become a power in the pornography rackets and had appar­ ently angered a Galente crime captain 
Michael (Mickey) Zaffarano. 

« August Miniachi — FBI informer and m em ber of the Milwaukee mob since the early 193os, killed in an early alley near his home Sept. ll, 1975. He was a friend of Giancana. 

• Tam ara Rand — San Diego bu­ sinesswoman and associate of Las Ve­ gas casino owner Allen (Hick, was shot five tim es in lier apartm ent Nov. 9, 
1975. She was an informer for the Jus­ tice Department in an investigation of 
Teamsters 
Union pension funds funneled into casinos for mob inter­ ests. 

• Leo — (Lips) Moca ii — a hit man who disappeared Aug. 22, 1976, from his bloodstained car in Fairlawn, Ohio. 

SAM GIANCANA 

• Joseph Lee Mohesky — of Fresno, 
Calif., was shot Sept. 1, 1976, inside the adult movie theater he managed. 
Federal sources said he may have de­ fied mob attempts at pornography or­ ganizing on the West Coast. 
• Paul M. Gonsky — a major Chi­ cago porno-theater operator and film producer, was shot Sept. 21, 1976. in a parking lot owned by a Chicago mob associate. An IRS informant, he may have resisted Chicago syndicate a t­ tem pts to m uscle in on his theater chain and bookstore. 
• Frank Chin — a New York elec­ tronics expert who sold bugging de­ vices to a DiGilio associate, shot Jan. 
2o. The bugs were planted by DiGilio associates in the office of a lawyer. 
Chin was an informer for several fed­ eral agencies and told prosecutors about the DiGilio bugs. Ile was shot by the same gun that killed Capone. 
• Anthony Peter Gambino Jr. — of New Orleans, whose body was found 
Feb. I, near Highway 9o. He is believed to have been killed in November after the visit of a Brooklyn member of the Gambino family. A distant cousin of the late crime boss Carlo Gambino, he was identified as an informer for several agencies. 
• Arthur Milgram — owner of a New 
York firm that exclusively distributed state lottery tickets through vending machines, gunned down Feb. 2, in a p a rk in g lot. He was susp ected of cheating mob interests in his firm. 
• Frank Bompensiero — consiglieri of the Nicholas Lieata crime family, w as the F B I’s h ig h e st-ra n k in g in ­ former. A close associate of Joseph 
Bonanno, he was killed Feb. ll), leav­ ing a San Diego public phone he used to call Spilotro and others. 
• Charles Nieoletti — a close asso­ ciate of Giancana and ranked fourth in 
Chicago’s crime hierarchy, he was killed in a parking lot March 29. He had apparently defied Spilotro and his boss, Anthony (Big Tuna) Aeeardo. 

 vendetta against the FBI, and it would please some reform ers who support the use of special prosecutors for con­ troversial cases. 
As the weekend began, department officials said Bell was reviewing the evidence in preparation for a meeting with Kelley. But there was no sign lie had reached the point of defining al­ ternatives and choosing among them. 
Bell went home to Georgia on Friday afternoon and plans a speech-making trip to Hawaii and San Diego this week. Officials said the Bell-Kelley summit would not take place before 
Bell returns to his office April 22. 
Pressure building 
Meantime, the political pressure w as building as 3oo FBI agents staged an extraordinary protest dem onstration 
Thursday in New York and Kelley an­ nounced hours later that he was asking 
Bell to review the decision to p ro ­ secute. 
Kearney was indicted for supervis­ ing illegal mail-opening and wiretaps to spy on New York residents thought to be in contact with Weather Under­ ground fugitives charged w ith terrorist bombings. 
The A m erican Legion called the 
Kearney indictment “ another victory for the elements who would destroy our society.” 
A group identified as the Council 
Against Communist Aggression took a half-page ad in the Washington Post to accuse the dep artm en t of “ utterly ridiculous... topsy-turvy ‘justice.’” 
Protest 
FBI agents, their friends and some apparently disinterested citizens are w riting Bell to protest the prosecution. 
The mail as of Friday totaled 3o letters and mailgrams, some signed by as many as 2oo persons, and it is un­ iformly critical, a department spokes­ man said. The volume is somewhat higher than most department actions attract. 
Only one organization m ade a special effort to announce support for the department. The American Civil 
Liberties Union told Bell in a telegram 
Friday that the decision to prosecute 
“ is an important step toward enforcing the laws against such conduct” as il­ legal wiretaps. 
“ These laws exempt no persons — private citizens or public officials, high or low,” the ACLU said. 
Carter 
In light of the public p ro te s t, a lawyer opposed to the probe suggested that the final decision will be made by 
President Carter, not Bell. 
“ If the Carter administration could be convinced that they proceeded un­ wisely, I think they would set about*to undo the situation.” 
Bell’s spokesman. Marvin Wall, said the attorney general and Carter have discussed the matter only once. That was April 5 when Bell went to the 
White House to tell Carter that Kear­ ney’s indictment was imminent. * 
Government and private lawyers of­ fered different in te rp re ta tio n s of 
Kelley’s sudden public intervention in the case. 
They agreed that Kelley felt he had to take some highly visible action to demonstrate to his troops that he was going to bat for them. 
“ And he has sincere sympathy for the g uy s,” said a bureau official. 
Another ranking FBI man added, “ I think now is an appropriate time for him to speak out, but I don’t think he has any real hopes this statement alone will improve morale.” 
Assassins favor .22 

FOR AN ELEGANT EVENING ON THE RIVER. nothing does it better than our sophisticated, casual jacket of pure silk shantung. In blue or white, $155. Wear over 

 pearl gray, oxford weave slacks, $37.5o. 

D O W N T O W N ? .3o TO 5 3o M O N THRU SAT 

PARKING BEHIND D O W N TO W N STORE 

SUBURBAN?.3o TO 6 OO M O N THRU SAT 

ALL MAJOR CREDIT CARDS HONORED 

NEWSDAY SERVICE 
The type of gun used recently to silence so many informers and mob dissidents would never have been used by pro­ fessional gangland a s­ sassins until two years ago. 
“The mob has always preferred the 9mm, the 
.38 revolver, a Baretta automatic, or a shotgun in the past,” a federal source said. “ What it looks like is that some mob assa ssin squads have stolen a page from our spy agencies.” 
The .22-cal. automatic was a favorite of agents 

 of the Office of .Strategic 
Services during World 
War II and has been a long-time favorite of the 
CIA. 
Light, compact, highly accu rate from close range, its one-ounce slug, when muffled by a si­ lencer, gives a “ pop- pop” noise that can bar­ ely be heard. 
And made even more efficient in recent years, it has attracted the mob. 
Both police and federal ballistics experts note that high velocity a m ­ munition can now be fired by the .22 and that hollowed-out heads that 

 splatter and rip apart after hitting a victim leave no traceable ballis­ tics. 
In at least .several in­ stances in the mob purge that is believed to have been going on for the past two years, hollowed-out copper heads were used, but most of the hit vic­ tims have left a ballistics trail. 
In New Jersey and New 
York, for example, the murders of two men have been traced to the same, but unrecovered w ea­ pons. 
The interest of the mob and others in the .22 as a 

 murder weapon was re­ cently exemplified by the conviction of George 
N athaniel G a rre tt in 
Miami. 
Garrett, an associate of a Carmine Galente crime family soldier, had been peddling do-it-yourself assassination kits for 
$61)1) apiece. 
The kits included a 
R uger-type a utom atic 
.22, a silencer, and an attac h e case through which the gun could be fired: a pull-ring near the handle, when tugged, au­ tomatically fired a clip of eight to IO rounds with deadly accuracy. 

“•Haw**- 
865o Bandera Road 

St. Augustine (Carpet) 
A 
V C 
G R A S S . . .FULL PALLET..............V # sq. yd. 
LESS THAN A FULL PALLET.................. . 
1 .1 7 sq. yd. 
FUXtATAM .. .run. p a l l e t 
■ sq. yd. 

LESS THAN A FUU PALLET..................... 
1.89 Sq. yd. 
(W eather Permittir 

COMPLETE J 2 D 
E n i PRoDUCTS AVA,lABh- 
TREES 
PLANTS 
SHRUBS 
SEEDS * 

Come Visit Our Complete 6 
Acre 
Garden 
Center with everyday “ FARM TO YOU” 
PRICES AndSAVEII 

OPEN Daily 8-7 P.M. 
6 8 4 -2 1 1 o 

 for all summer occasions by Butte 
Knit. In a rich ivory color, pol­ yester knit, hand or machine washable, sizes 8 to 18, 64.oo. 

6712 N. New Braunfels Ave. 
828-2876 

Master Charge and BankAmericard accepted 

By DAVID MCLEMORE 
More than 1,5oo heirs to 431 
Spanish land grants in Texas met Saturday, continuing a t­ tempts to get $4oo million from the Mexican government. 
The land gran t heirs, m any from 
South T exas and M exico, m et in an all-day session at Assum ption Sem in­ 

 ary, 26oo W. Woodlawn Ave. 
Reies Lopez Tijerina, founder of 
A lianza F ed eral de Pueblos L ib res, which serv es a s agent for the land grant claim ants, said he was stunned by the turnout. 
“ We had expected only about 4oo registrants, not the 1.5oo that signed in,” he said. Tijerina, a long-time land activist, has been seeking payment for 

O U T G O IN G K in g A n to n io LIV Jock L e w is Jr. p la ce s th e K in g ’s 
Plum ed Cap on Tim othy D. W ord, K in g Antonio LY during A la m o cerem onies 
King Antonio LY sworn in at A lamo 

By MICHAEL QUINTANILLA 

As silhouettes of the six flags over 
Texas dram atically waved in front of the Alamo, Timothy D. Word w as pro­ claim ed San Antonio’s King Antonio 
LV Saturday night. 

P rio r to W ord’s e n tra n c e in a b righ tly -lit horse-draw n c a r r ia g e , m e m b e rs of the T e x a s C a v a lie r s m arched out in front of the Alamo as the o ffic e rs p resen ted s a b e r s to a cheering crowd of about 
1,ooo spectators. 

The King-elect was escorted to his throne in the golden coach to the ac­ companiment of a fanfare by the U.S. 
A rm y H erald T ru m p e ts from W a­ shington, D.C.*A 21-gun salute m arked his arrival. 
A fter Word w as sw orn in a s the 
“ King of F iesta,” he was presented the 

King’s Medallion, “ which is yours to hold forever as a symbol of the trust placed in you,” Jac k Lewis J r ., King 
Antonio LIV, said. 
The new' King was also presented the 
King’s Saber, “ the symbol of authori­ ty,” and the King’s Plumed Cap, “ the symbol of responsibility.” 
As the audience, warmly wrapped in their sw eaters and w indbreakers, ap­ plauded, W’ord was proclaim ed King 
Antonio LV. 

After the King’s regal cerem ony, a special tribute was m ade in honor of the heroes of the Alamo. 
“ As T exas Cavaliers, we will carry forward the honor and the m em ory of the m atchless heroes who fell at the 
Alamo . . . and keep alive the glorious history of T exas,” Word said. 

For m ore on King Antonio LV, see 
Section M. 
REIES 
L G F 'Z 
Sem inary 
TIJERINA gre ets Sand claim ants at A ssum ption 

STAFF PHOTO BY PAT HAMILTON 

Chavez strawberries continue winning ways 

By BILL CUNNINGHAM 
P O T E E T — The novelty of seeing the strawberries grown by Joe Chavez is beginning to wear off for some of the specta­ tors and growers at the Poteet 
Strawberry Festival. 

His grand champion crate of berries in the 3oth annual festival staged by the Poteet Rotary Club w ere of the 
Fresno variety. 
He said it was the sixth straight year his berries have won the title. 

The F irst Stale Bank of Poteet paid 
$9oo for the champion crate. Last year the bank paid the festival record price of $1,25o for Chavez’ berries. 

R eserve cham pion honors went to the crate of Tioga berries grown by 

Crate o f berries 
— sixth consecutive g ran d cham ­ pion lot — sells for $ooo at 
Poteet Strawberry Festival 

Je s u s G a rc ia. F ir s t S ta te B an k of 
Pleasanton paid $7oo for them. 

F ir s t p lace b e rrie s in the m iscellaneous division were grown by 
L ou is G ran ato and w ere so ld to 
Dow dy’s M en’s and B o y s’ W ear of 
Pleasanton for $325. 

The 27 crates of berries sold ny auc­ tioneer Frog Adams brought a total of 
$6,65o. 
Buyers included F irst State Bank, five crates for $1,75o; Jourdanton N a­ tional Bann, five tor $8oo; Tri-county 
Co-op of Devine, four for $9oo, and 

CAMPION Poteet strawberries with buyer, A.W . Gray 
First State Bank of Poteet, left, and grower Joe 
Chavez 
STAFF PHOTO BY Bill CUNNINGHAM 

Schlitz Beer of San Antonio, four for 
$775. 
Single crate buyers were F irst N a­ tion al B an k of P le a sa n to n , $7oo; 
Shearrer’s United Supers of Poteet and 
Pleasanton, $4oo; Dowdy’s, $325; N a­ tional Bank of Com merce, $2oo; Stan­ dard Butane G as Co. of Poteet, $2oo; 
Budw eiser Beer, $175; F a lsta ff Beer, 
$175; 
H urley 
F u n e ra l 
H om e of 
Pleasanton, $125, and Coors Beer, $125. 
Anxious hours 
Sponsors of the festival spent som e an xio u s hours S a tu rd a y m orn in g watching the heavy clouds. 
Start of the parade was delayed an hour to let the weather settle, then the event went off without a hitch. 
The parade crowd was estim ated at 
8o,ooo, far below the estim ated 1o7,ooo of 1976. 
The Poteet Nursing Home was pre­ sented the Strawberry Trophy for the float best representing the straw berry theme. 
F irst place winners in the parade were: Poteet Grange, local organ iza­ tio n s; 
P rim ro se V olu n teer 
F ir e 
D epartm en t, county o rg a n iz atio n s; 
Veterans of Foreign W ars District 2o. 
C om m an der V ictor S a b a la ; P oteet 
V egetable Co., county co m m ercial; 
M endiola Ballroom and Downs, San 
Antonio, out of county com m ercial; 
Atascosa Wolf Hunters A ssn., novelty; 
Poteet Elem entary School Honor Plus 
Choir. 
The Southside High School Band was judged the best marching band and the 
Pleasanton High School Band the best playing. 
Cut entry list 
Flood conditions in m any p arts oT 
South Texas and the threat of rain cut the p arad e en try lis t from the scheduled 138 to about IOO. 
Straw berry grow ers Saturday said the b erries would be in far g re ate r supply in the next few weeks. One said, 
“ They probably will be cheaper and will have a better flavor.” 
The festival opened Thursday night with the coronation of Patsy Taylor as queen and Johnny Sanchez as king of the festival. 
* Other activities Saturday included an art show, fiddling con test, chili cookoff and many food booths. 
Main feature at the food booths, of course, was strawberry shortcake, 

M rs; la n t a n a a w a its eu ro 

M rs. 
Ja n ie S an ta n a, 
66, shelled out $7,ooo to cure her nervousness. She’s still nervous. 

She told police she visited a palm reader in the HOO block of 
Culebra Road in late February and was promised her affliction could be cured. 

Police said Nrs. Santana gave 
$5o on her first visit to the palm reader known only as Sister 
Teresa, 

On subsequent visits she paid 
$3,OCH) and $4,ooo and was told by the palm reader to return in six weeks for her money. 

N atu rally , the sp ir itu a list w asn’t around — and neither was the money. 

T h at’s why M rs. San tan a is more nervous than ever. 

Sunday 
11 ideas 

Indoors, 

^outdoors, all around - 

 the River City 

 land gran t c la im s th rough out the 
Southwest United States. 
The m eeting here was intended to clear the way for final negotiations with the M exican go v ern m en t for eventual payment to the heirs, Tijerina 

 said. 
“ We’re here to vote on whether to accept the offer of paym ent for the 
Fiesta not dampened by rains 

Despite heavy morning rains, Fiesta 
1977 got off to a great start a s showers forced postponement of only one event. 
The rained-out event, the St. M ary’s 
University annual Oyster Bake, has been rescheduled for next Saturday at the university’s Pecan Grove from I p.m. to IO p.m. 
The $2.75 tickets for the oyster and shrim p dinners are available from the 
St. M ary’s Alumni Assn. office. 
The showers that dumped over two inches of rain in som e sections of the city cleared off by the afternoon and other scheduled events took place as scheduled — including the investiture of King Antonio LV in front of the 
Alamo. 
But weather forecasters said rains m ay play havoc with upcoming outdoor 
Fiesta activities. 
Probability of precipitation tor vSun- day was set at 5o per cent by the Na­ tional Weather Service. Tem peratures were expected to range between the mid-5os and upper 6os. 
A Department of Public Works spo­ kesman said many low water crossings will continue to be barricaded until the level of water decreases. 
N um erous traffic accid en ts w ere reported by county and city law enfor­ cement agencies during the height of the ra in s, but no fa ta litie s w ere recorded Saturday as a result of the weather. 
The official rainfall level recorded at 
International Airport for the 24-hour period ended at 6 p.m. stood at 1.o7 inches. 
Various readings from fire depart­ ments around the city for a com para­ ble period ranged from 2.12 inches on the far Northwest Side to 1.1o inches on the far West Side. 
Could be you ’re lucky 

Sporting equipment valued at $1,3oo will be awarded to some lucky bonus number holder in the Express-News $5o,ooo Sweep­ 

The Sw eepstakes contest is tun and easy to enter. And you can be a winner. 
 weekly prize winners. 

TH ERE IS NO PURCHASE NECESSARY. 

W inners whose Social Security num bers are draw n will receive cash certificates redeem able for m erchandise at stores which advertise in the 
Express, in The News and the Saturday and Sunday weekend Express-News. 
Contest winners wfcose Social Security num bers appear in today’s E x ­ press-New s m ay claim their prizes between 9:3o a.m . and 5 p.m .' at the 
Express-News building, Ave. E at 3rd Street. 

 claim s,” he said. “ Records show the claim s arc worth at least 
$4oo million.” 
Tijerina softened earlier statem ents that the M exican go v ern m en t had agreed to pay the claim s, based on a 
1941 treaty between the United States and Mexico on old land grants. 
“ We will subm it all claim s that are verified to (M exican) President Jo se 
Lopez P ortillo through the M exican 
State Departm ent,” Tijerina said. 
“ Lopez P o rtillo w ill then d ra ft legislation for payment and subm it it to the 
Mexican 
Congress for enactment. 
This year 
“ We hope that this will all be fin­ ished this year.” 
T ije rin a said he m et with Lopez 
Portillo and Santiago Roe!, m inister of the M exican State D epartm ent, last 
Jan u ary, when they agreed to settle the 27-year-old claim s. 
A sp o k esm an for the M exican go v ern m en t, how ever, sa id no agreem ent for payment w as authorized during the meeting. 
“ The governm ent only ag reed to look into the claim s these people are m aking.” the spokesman said. 
Tijerina said he has acquired the services of Holland and Hart, a large 
D en ver law firm , to a c t a s le g a l representative for the land grant claim s. 
One m an, whose fam ily h as been trying to obtain payment for their land c la im sin ce 1919, said he h opes something finally will happen. 
“ This is the first time we have nan a central base for our claim s,” the man said. 
“ Before, all of us were fighting this battle by ourselves. Maybe som ething will come of it, now that we can all get together.” 
The m an’s claim , like most of those registered Saturday, is already on file with the Mexican government. 
His claim , like most, is old based on old fam ily records handed down from generation to generation. lie repeated a tale told by many of the claim ants of thousands of acres of 
Texas land, deeded to his fam ily by the 
King of Spain, which was lost in the border, agreement between the 
United States and Mexico set in the 
Treaty of Guadalupe Hidalgo in 1848. 

“ My family has claim to 66,ooo acres near Laredo,” he said. “ It was given to us in 18o1. I don’t think, even now, that any agreem ent will be reached soon, but if s something we have to do.” 

(Free events, unless otherwise indicat­ ed, for you and your fam liy today.) 
C O N C E R T — M astersirtgers conducted by 
R o g e r W a rn e r at 8 p .rn at the 
U n iv e r s it y of T e x a s H e a lth S c ie n c e 
Center. Tickets are $4. 
C O N C E R T — 
W a lk e r -F o rd G o sp e l 
Singers at 8 p.m. iij the Theater for the 
Perform ing Arts. Tickets are S3.5o. 
C O N C E R T — Traditional Jazz Studio of 
Prague at 9 p.m. at Jim C u llu m 's Lan d ing on the River Walk. Cover charge is $2 tor the evening. 
F IL M - L E C T U R E — Dr. Nichols Booth s film -lecture on the A m azon R iv e r and 
Peru at 3 p.m. in the A lam o H eights H igh 
School auditorium. Tickets are $2.75. 
D A N C E — 
Trinity International Fo Ik 
D an ce rs offering instruction from 5 to 
8:3o p.m. at the Sam ds Center Ballroom of the university. 
T H E A T E R — 
Church Theater's “two for the Seesaw" at 3 p.m. Tickets are $4. 
A R T SHOW — 
National O rganization for W om en's A rts and C rafts Show from 
IO a m. to 6 p.m. at the G roup Studio and 
Gallery, 25o2 Fred e ricksb urg Road. 

Son Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— Sunday April 17 1977 
H poqe 
3-A 

PAUL 
THOMPSON 

Self-assured millionaire Joe 
Rainey Manion is the “ eye” of what may turn into the heaviest storm ever to rage inside the 
Bexar County tax office. 

Since Jan. I. Manion has worked full time down here, Monday through Friday, starting at 7:45 a.m. and leaving at 5:3ft p.m. or later. 
Except when he’s traveling to'Dallas. Har­ ris, Tarrant and other Texas counties as a faet-finder for neophyte Tax A ssessor Ben 
Shaw. 

Manion does all this as a $l-a-year man on 
Shaw’s payroll. Further than that, he has no county expense account, no courthouse park­ ing space, no perquisite of any kind, and he travels at his own expense. 

Manion: Ralph Nader of local taxing 

“ This town has been good to m e,’ ’ say s 
Manion. “ I becam e a wealthy man here, and now I want to give of m yself in return.” 

Sometimes dubbed “ the local Harold Stas- 

 seo,” Manion has been rejected by voters in' races for the legislature, for county com m is­ sioner in Precinct 3 and — last year — for the tax assessor’s job. He made three separate losing efforts to gain a seat on the City Coun­ cil. 

In spite of that dism al record at the polis, stocky, square-jaw ed Manion retain s his aplomb and hankering to serve the public one way or another. 
And today, though he finished last in a, three-man race for the post only six months ago. Joe Rainey Manion is regarded by some as the man actually in control of the county tax office. 
There’s no question that A ssessor Shaw, who left a professorate at SAC to take over the post this year, stretches an ear toward 
Manion before m aking key policy decisions. 
In recen t w eeks, au to m o b ile d e a le r s 

 hassling with Shaw over property tax values were severly irked to find Manion sitting in on the deliberations. 

Among those d ealers were B. J . (R ed) 

.McCombs,' Ralph Winton, C. C. (Pop) Gunn and Rod E ast, president of the San Antonio 
Auto Dealers Assn. 

“ We were ready for a tax formula nicking us for 2o per cent more than last year,” said one of them later. “ But A sse sso r Shaw wouldn’t go for it. We got the idea he made up his mind only after Jo e Manion gave one of his little negative nods of the head.” 
The sam e dealer, who asked that his name not be used, then put in, “ I f s bad enough to have Shaw giving us a bad time. But why doesn’t he call the shots himself instead of d e fe rrin g to a guy n ever elected to do anything?” 
Assessor Shaw adm its he’s vulnerable on that point. “ It’s my b elief the big auto dealers are underassessed to a large degree. 
But infuture, if they wish to confer one on one, with Mr. Manion not present, th at’s perfectly okay with m e,” says bhaw. 

However, the assessor indicated that Man­ ion will go on serving as a non paid tax con­ sultant. 

“ He’s shrewd, experienced, highly capable, and to my way of thinking, honest to the core.” 
And that, novel and even revolutionary as it may be in county tax affairs, seem s to be that. 
Manion, reached at home Saturday, said he’s ready to function as an unpaid assistant to Shaw for four years if necessary. 
“ I use the term ‘four years’ because that’s how long it will take to computerize that tax office and bring it up to date,” said Manion. 
“ Ben Shaw is a brillian t young m an, a straight shooter, and ready to avail himself of all the expertise he can get.” 

Manion guessed that modern procedures, 

 thoroughly applied, “ will add at least $25o million to Bexar County tax rolls.” 

He revealed that USAA and Southwestern 
Bell Telephone Co. were due next for upward tax adjustments. 

“ USAA is at least $25 million below what it should be on the rolls,” he went on 
“ I ’m talk in g about the d isc re p a n c y between values reported to stockholders and what is rendered in the county courthouse. 
“ It’s much the sam e with Southwestern 
Bell. When it sought higher phone rates be­ fore the new Public Utility Commission, the figures used for land, im provem ents and personal property were more than $2o million higher than those given San Antonio and 
Bexar County for tax purposes.” 

Asked if his daily and unremitting presence in the courthouse m ight not be an em b ar­ rassm en t to T ax A ssesso r Shaw, M anion shook his head saying, “ It would be incredi­ bly stupid for any public official not to avail himself of all the free help he can get. And 
Ben Shaw, let me add, is anything but stu­ pid.” 
What it all sh ak es down to is that Jo e 
Rainey Manion has purged himself of the old 
Stassen sobriquet, and from now on may be known far and wide as “ the local R alph 
Nader ” 
Spanish land heirs seeking $4oo million 

I CARAT 
SOLITAIRE 
2 CARAT 
I CARAT 

Sugg Ret $12oo 
Sugg. R eg. $ 6 9 9 

N O W < 2 o o 

DIAMOND 
EARRINGS 
I CARAT TOTAL 
Sugg. Ret. $8oo 
NOW $495 

DIAM OND 
HEART 
I CARAT 

Sugg. R et. $5oo 

N O W < o o o 

I CARAT 
I CARAT 
ZODIAC 

JZ L 
L 
DIAMOND SALE 

I /*% CARAT ROUND 
• f rn* Sugg. Ret. $2o9 . . . . N ow 
I 4 J 

Sugg. Ret. $45o 
N ow *275 
*549 

1/2 CARAT ROUND 
%/A CARAT ROUND 
W / " t Sugg. Ret. $799 . . . . N ow 

I 
H A CARAT MARQUISE 
J # A f t 
■ • V U Sugg. Ret. $12oo .. N ow 
O 
W 

1 . o o CARAT OVAL 
Sugg. Ret. $1495 .. N ow *995 

I OO CARAT ROUND 

1.34 

I C 
I CARAT PEAR 
I • « # I Sugg. Ret. $185o.. 

2 23caratpear 

Sugg. Reg. $1ooo.. N ow 

CARAT ROUND 
Sugg. Ret. $18oo... N ow 

N ow 

Sugg. Ret. $38oo. 
Now. 

*699 
*1149 
*1195 
M I 99 
*2899 wmmmm 

NORTHSIDE 
J i l l N A CO G D O CH E S RD 
656-1543 

NO RTHSIDE 
W O N D E R L A N D M A U 
732-9621 

SOUTHSIDE 
SEARS SHOPPING PLAZA 
923-43o1 

 iWNMMMM l lr inn WmMMR— ii' Ii a in ft' n gimniiinfinniM n fin Ifl 11 

By R IC K SCOTT 
ASSOCIATED PRESS 
EAGLE PASS — Huddled in cardboard huts on the hanks of the Rio Grande under the inter­ national bridge, a group of 
Kickapoo Indians, whose tribe also spans two countries, is now- seeking official recognition as 
Texas Indians. 
Recognition by the state would make these native Americans, who hold dual residency in the U nited States and 
Mexico, eligible for federal and state 
Indian aid. The citizenship status of the Indians, who cro ss the b o rd er freely, has never been clearly estab­ lished by Congress. 
Recognition as a Texas tribe would also put the Kickapoos on the track to a better lift*, they hope. 
"We have been asked to move else­ w here, but w h ere?” ask s G eorge 
Whitewater. Kickapoo war chief. 
A bill in the Texas Legislature by 
Sen. Ron Clower of Garland would ex­ pand the powers of the Texas Com­ mission on Indian Affairs to include all 
Indians in the state. The agency is now restricted to dealing only with the 
Alabama-Coushatta and Tigua tribes. 
The legislation is scheduled for a h earing Monday before the Senate 
Committee on Human Resources. 

The Kickapoos here, whose home base is a ceremonial religious reser­ vation near Nacimiento in Coahuila, 
Mex., are part of the Kickapoo tribe that was driven from its homelands in the north central United States nearly 
15o years ago. 

They were issued a safe conduct pass at Ft. Dearborn. 111., in 1832 as they began th eir southw ard trek . Most stopped in Oklahoma where they were put on a reservation. 
But the “ trad itio n al” Kickapoos. deeply religious people, continued south across the Rio Grande at Eagle 
Pass and into Mexico, where the go­ 

 vernment gave them a reservation of their own. 
“ We chose Mexico because they would let us have our religion without interference,” said Whitewater. 
Passes 
But the Kickapoos still have their safe conduct pass in the United States and are considered native Americans. 
Each spring, about IOO Kickapoo fa­ milies m ake the 15o-mile trip from 
Nacimiento to the staging ground, or campsite, on the grassy banks of the 
Rio Grande here. Most of them join m igrant labor crews and head north.* 
In the fall they return to Eagle Pass 

 and then back to Mexico for religious ceremonies. 
Always, however, there are several 
Kickapoo families in the huts beneath the bridge here on the U. S. side. They remain to protect the grounds, said 
Eagle Pass City Manager Jim Brown. 
Occasionally, tourists driving over the bridge will toss out a burning ci­ garette butt or match which falls on the huts and b u rn s sev eral to the ground. They are soon rebuilt. 
By late A pril and early M ay, h undreds of the Indians w ill be camped along the Rio Grande. They have no sanitary facilities, no water, no utilities. Brown explained. 
W ater can be p u rchased from a nearby store for $8 per m onth and showers cost 5o cents to 75 cents. Many bathe in and d rink from the often muddy Rio Grande. 
Illegal 

"They (the Kickapoos) are actually camped illegally,” said Brown, noting that Eagle Pass owns the vacant river bottom land. 
The Indians began coming to Eagle 
Pass m ore than IOO years ago to re ­ ceive their U. S. government allotment checks. The allotm ent program was discontinued, but some of the Indians now receive food stam ps, unemploy­ ment pay, welfare, medicare and other benefits. 

Mexico to invest 
$55o million in tourism 

ASSOCIATED PRISS 
MEXICO CITY - Government and private financial institutions plan to invest $55o million in the next six years to expand the tour­ ist industry, Mexico’s No. I dollar earner, it was announced 
Saturday. 
The announcem ent by the government press service fol­ lowed a meeting Friday between 
President Jose Lopez Portillo and 

 industry representatives who outlined plans to build a number of new hotels, develop virgin beach resorts and establish other facilities. 
A spokesman for the industry said the project will create 35o,oo9 new jobs and hopefully raise the number of foreign tourists visit­ ing Mexico 12.5 per cent to ap­ proximately S. 4 million people a year. 
Cambodia is still torn by need, death 

^ 
San Antonio EXPRESS-N EW S— Sunday April I 7 1977 
S. Texas Indians hope for U.S. rights 

JOSKE’S 

 b a A UNIT or ALLIED STORES 
SHOP DOWNTOWN MONDAY 'TIL 7; BRANCHES 'TIL 9! 

Instead of having to go from light to dark and vice-versa for the lenses of your sunglasses to change, you can be in full control with our ad­ justable "no glare" polarized sunglasses from Renauld. There's a little lever on the side to adjust the tint from light amber to dark. The design is something different too . . . a modified aviator shape ideal for men and women, bo it you want to be "seen" or hide those peepers, put on a pair of our adjustables! 18.5o. The Eyes of Texas, Downtown, North 
Star, Windsor Park and Austin Highland Mall. Charge it! 

EXPRESS-NEWS 

Published coch Saturday, Sunday cod lobe* Day, Tkoflfetgfvwg Day, and on July 4, Christmas 
Day, N*w Year's Day, when they occur Monday ibfoygh Friday. Aho published on a Monday, when July 4, Christmas Day. New Year $ Day falls on a preceding Sunday w 
By The Express-News Corporation 
P O hoi Stir! 
San Antonio, Texas 78297 
Second Class Postage Paid at 
Son Antonio, Texas 
Pegistrodo corno acicula de ?do close el 29 de finer© 1922, en lo Administration dc Corrcos en Nuevo tared©, Tamps., Mexico. 

Alf communications should be addre$$ed to San Antonio Express, or Son Antonio News. This newspaper will not be responsible for manuscripts or photographs not solicited, for publication 

MAIL SUBSCRIPTION RATES 
Inside Te.os 
I Mo 
6 Moi 
I Yr 
Morning A Sundog 
15 4 9 
528 l l 
554 74 
M o rnin g C M , 
$4 65 
523 9 o 
$ 4 6 11 
Snelling & Sunday 
55 o2 
$26 13 
55o 56 
Evening Oft* . 
J , 41 
523 o5 
$44 54 bund., O nl, 
$3 21 
$16 15 
53o 85 
(Prices above include soles to. I 
OTHER STATES 
Morning 4 Sundog 
$5 51 
531 34 
561 17 
Morn,ng O nl, 
$5 2o 
5 2 / 42 
553 /5 
Evening 4 Sundo, 
$5 45 
53o 25 
558 99 
E.en.ngO nl, 
$4 /9 
526 5o 
SSI 43 
Sundo,p m , ........................................................................... ............ $3 48 
516 95 
$32 74 
(Subscriptions outside liras on net subtext ie tos) 

Home deliver, monrhl, rotes rn Son Antonio Morning ond Sundo,. 53 4o per month (includes tost 6 do, Morning onl,. 52 7o per month (includes »os) Sundo, onl, — 4 Sundo, — S I 47per month (includes '»«s 5 Sundo, — $1 84 per month (includes tos) 
CO M BIN ATIO N RATE Morning, t>fnihg. Soturdo, ond Sundo,. $4 35 per month 

Adjustable sunglass lenses are better than sun-sensitive,, because you can control the tint. . . and Joske's has them first! 

Some resistance to the regime has been mounted by refugees based in neighboring Thailand. A Cam ­ bodian army unit attacked a Thai border village on 
. Jan. 28 and killed an undetermined number of per­ sons. The throats of several children were cut. 
One explanation for the fanaticism of the Cam ­ bodian rulers is that it was forged by years of struggle under extremely arduous conditions. 
The fear and hatred of W estern technology was demonstrated, according to one refugee account, by two guerrilla fighters who literally dismantled with their bare hands a T28 propeller plane used by the 
Lon Nol regime. 
The Khmer Rouge have not attem pted to conceal their heavy-handed ways. A government newspaper said last year: “The Khmer method has no need of numerous personnel. We’ve overturned the basket, and with it all the fruit it contained. From now on, we will choose only the fruit that suits us perfectly.” 
Disdain 

The sam e article expressed disdain for V iet­ nam ese Communists, who adopted a much more tolerant attitude toward supporters of the old Saigon regime and other antirevolutionary elements. 
“The Vietnamese have removed only the rotten fruit and this causes them to lose tim e,” the new­ spaper said. 

Spaceman in sewer 

Wearing a spacesuit-like uniform, Jim Littell of the U.S. Environ­ mental Protection Agency enters a Louisville, Ky., sewer to test for concentration of toxic chemicals which were discovered March 29 
— AP Wirephoto 
West Point m aking changes for wom en 

NEW YORK TIMES SERVICE 
WEST POINT. N.Y. - The United 
States Military Academy has decided to introduce som e changes in the recruitm ent, testing and training of women after an assessment of their first year at the once all-male institution. 
Officials have discovered, for exam ­ ple, that women from the Deep South are poor prospects and that college students are more likely to drop out than women who recently graduated from high school. 
They have also learned that few, if any, of the fem ale recruits had a realistic idea of the grueling physical and m ental stre ss they would en ­ counter. Copies of newspaper articles describing this are now being sent to applicants. 
Some physical tests were elim inated even before the first women arrived, and more will be discarded. Women will also be graded on a different scale. 
Running, a m ajor element of the first sum m er of training, will be con­ ducted in categories according to skill, to de-emphasize the women’s poor performances. 

There will also be subtle changes. 
West Point adm inistrators indicate^, in the general training of plebes, or first-year cadets, to emphasize positive leadership rather than rebuke. 
Interviews with officers and cadets, including some who had dropped out, indicate that it has been a trouble­ some, even frustrating, period, but less difficult than adm inistrators had anticipated. Still unknown, they say, is the ultim ate role of women in the 
Army. 
Of the 119 women who accepted appointments last sum m er in response to a law opening the m ilita ry academies to women — a move still resented by some here as a social gesture by Congress — 89 rem ain. 
The women’s attrition rate is 5 per cent higher than the m en’s, but their stories are vastly different. 
Those who dropped out described a first sum m er training program as 
“ beyond imagination.” 
Laura Butenhoff of Baton Rouge, 
La., spoke of the “ physical training and the things they say to you.” 
"It’s not stuff girls are used to,” she added. 

WASHINGTON (AP) — Two years have passed since a weeping U.S. am bassador, carrying a plas­ tic-wrapped American flag, fled Cambodia shortly before the American-backed government there sur­ rendered to the superior firepower of the Khm er 
Rouge forces. 
The civil w ar which raged in Cambodia for the previous five years had ended — but only in a sense. 
According to U.S. estim ates, the num bers of Cam­ bodians who have been killed since the 1975 Khmer 
Rouge trium ph has exceeded the num ber of Am er­ icans who have died in all the wars in which the 
United States has been involved in this century. 
Between 6oo,ooo and 1.5 million Cambodians have died as a result of executions, starvation, forced m arches and other causes, these estim ates hold. To save ammunition, executions with pickaxes are said to be common. 
Refugee reports 
Various American officials, basing their informa­ tion largely on refugee reports, gave this account of what has happened in Cambodia since the Khmer 
Rouge achieved final victory two years ago Sunday: 
Aside from the obvious targ ets for liquidation, such as supporters of the ousted Lon Nol regim e, the 
Khmer Rouge have elim inated much of the educated class in Cambodia, which includes anyone with a high school education or more. 
Education is virtually nonexistent for children after they learn the rudim ents of reading and w rit­ ing. Children are encouraged to spy on their parents and other adults and to report to the authorities on any sign of "decadent” behavior. 
There is no m ass-circulation newspaper in the country, only a few journals which are circulated to selected government officials. Loudspeakers are the most common method the government uses to com­ municate with the people. 
Currency withdrawn 
W hereas m ost C om m unist co u n tries see the elim ination of money as a long-range goal, Cam ­ bodia already has w ithdraw n all currency from circulation, substituting a barter system. 
There are now an estim ated 2oo,ooo persons living in Phnom Penh, compared with 1.5 million in the capital’s heyday and two million when the city was swollen with refugees two years ago. Most of the country’s five million inhabitants w'ork in labor cam ps in the countryside. Many are required to spend their evenings writing about past crim es they have committed. 
The regim e operates in alm ost total secrecy. 
Although there is a Cambodian Communist party, its existence is not publicly acknowledged by the auth­ orities. The leadership refers to itself simply as “ the organization.” 
Another special distinction of the regim e is its xenophobia. There are only eight diplom atic m is­ sions in Phnom Penh. Among the excluded countries is the Soviet Union, which still has not been forgiven by the Khmer Rouge for m aintaining relations with the Lon Nol government. 
Resistance 

AT JOSKE'S.. .Save 15-38% on gleaming tableware Monday! 
You choose from the largest in-stock assortment in town and save on 52 china and 36 crystal patterns in our Lenox once-a-year set sale! 

SAVE 15% 

• Save on 2o-pc., 45-pc., and 65-pc. complete china services 
• Save on crystal in sets of 8 
• Save 15% on 18 open stock china pieces 
• Patterns and pieces not in stock may be special ordered at sale prices 
• Sale ends May 3o 

Now you can give your dinner entertaining an ele­ gant flair with world famous Lenox china and hand blown crystal at once-a-year savings. Exquisite china in your choice of 52 active patterns and 3 service sizes. The 2o-pc. buffet service includes 6 each: din­ ner plates, cups and saucers, and I each: medium platter and large open vegetable bowl. 45-pc. sets in­ clude 8 each: dinner, salad, bread and butter plates, teacups and saucers and I each: medium platter, large open vegetable bowl, creamer and sugar with lid. 65-pc. service for 12 includes 12 each: dinner, salad, bread and butter plates, cups and saucers and 
I each: medium platter, large open vegetable bowl, creamer and sugar with lid. Select from 36 matchless crystal patterns in water goblets, wine glasses, des­ sert/champagne glasses or iced beverage glasses. 
Choose a service of 8 stems in multiples of 4 of a kind and save 15%. After your initial purchase of 8, you can obtain additional pieces in multiples of 4 of a kind. Antique, Impromptu and Tempo crystal patterns not included in this sale. Treat yourself to a touch of elegance in China and Crystal, Downtown, North 
Star, Windsor Park and Austin Highland Mall. 

Only at Joske's! While you're buying downtown be sure and see the Lenox "Crystal Im ages" exhibit starting April 18. A collection of photographs of 
Lenox crystal valued at 5oo.oo done by young photographers. For a limited time! 

 ti 
4 
* * 
* 
I 

For a limited time! 
Save on Oneida's Community* silver and silver and gold flatware in 5-piece place settings 
29% 

Oneida Silverplate has a manufacturer's warranty. For a free copy of the warranty, write Joske's of Texas, San Antonio, Texas 782o6. 

Silver and gold, reg. 49.5o. Savel4.51 
................. now 34.99 

Silver, reg. 28.5o. Save 11.o1......................................now 17.49 

The perfect accent to a beautifully set table is sparkling flat­ ware. Oneida is a name synonymous with exquisitely craft­ ed flatware and now you can select from three gorgeous patterns at a super 29%-38% savings! Each 5-pc. place set­ ting includes I each: place fork, salad fork, knife and 2 teaspoons. Choose from Royal Grandeur, in silver; Modern 
Baroque, in silver and gold; and Patrician in silver and gold. Patterns and pieces not in stock may be special order­ ed at sale price through May 21. Silver, Downtown, North 
Star, Windsor Park and Austin. 

OUR BRIDAL REGISTRY gives you assistance in selecting your china, silver, and crystal, and helps you make gift selections for your friends and relatives. 
JOSKE’S 

A UNIT or ALLIED STORES 

SHOP DOWNTOWN IO 'TIL 7 MONDAY; BRANCHES 'TIL 9! j 

San Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— Sunday April 17 197 7 
Mondale defends Young 

DETRO IT 
(AP) 
- 
Vice President Walter F. 
Mondale said Saturday that Andrew Young, the 
U S. am bassador to the 
United Nations, “ speaks his mind and that’s the way we want it.” 
M ondale defended 
Young at a press confer­ ence when asked about the am bassado r's a sse r­ 

 tion that the white South 
African governm en t is 
“ illegitimate.” 
“ We are not a but- toned-up operation or one of those operations where everything has to be per­ fect and preplanned and cle a re d ,” the vice p re­ sident said. “ This is an open administration and we are not demanding of 

 every one of our leaders an absolute clearing process.” 
He called Young “ a marvelous person” who has done an outstanding job as ambassador. 
Without sa y in g that 
Young had done as much. 
Mondale offered that 
“ once in a while I say things unartfully.” 

The State Department has inform ed South A- friea that Y ou n g’s s t a ­ tem ent about the le g i­ tim acy of the g o v e rn ­ ment does not reflect of­ ficial U.S. policy. That 
Young statement was the latest in a s e r ie s that raised the h ack le s of other diplomats. 
At the United Nations 
Outdoor Furniture You 
Can Leave Outdoors 

 i-j 
.4 j, . or 4 for SI25 

W P P 

Super prices on good looking outdoor furniture. All in white, these plastic dipped steel frames are ideal tor constant outdoor use and easy maintenance. Outdoor dining table is also available for $144. and large round cocktail table for $84. 
Master Charge. BankAmericard or revolving charge plan. storehouse 

6547 San Pedro at the corner of Jackson Keller (in Village Plaza) tel. 341-2281. 

 on S a tu rd a y , 2o A rab delegations challenged 
Y oun g’s assertion that 
A rab hatred of Je w s reminds him of Ku Klux 
Elan hatred of blacks. 
That remark reported­ ly was made March .‘IO to a closed meeting of U.S. 
Jew ish organ izatio n s. 
The A rab d elegatio n s said “ all Arabs differen­ tiate between Zionism and J u d a is m . We co n ­ sider Ju d aism a sacred religion as Islam and 
Christianity.” 
Z ionism is the m ovem ent to set up a 
Je w ish hom eland in 
Palestine. 
Despite Young’s com­ m ents, 
C arter said 
Friday he has never re­ primanded his U.N. am ­ bassador. But Hep. Jim 
M artin, R-N.C., told a 
Republican gathering in 
Charlotte on S atu rd ay that it is tim e C arter acted. 
The am bassador “ has terrified our allies and insulted the B r it is h ,” 
Martin said. 
Mondale, who is visit­ ing the Midwest for poli­ tical chores from which 
President Carter is shy­ ing aw ay, spoke in the atrium of the R e n a is­ san ce C enter, a newly opened s k y sc r a p e r in downtown Detroit. 
Throughout the w ee­ kend, from fund-raiser to fun d-raiser, 
M ondale showed the skills of a ve­ teran c a m p a ig n e r, e x ­ horting the Democratic faithful, shaking hands with Boy Scouts and pos­ ing with p arty volun­ teers. 

In Iowa Friday night and Saturday morning, he spoke at a fund-rais­ ing dinner and breakfast for Sen. Dick Clark, D- 
Iowa, and then flew to 
Detroit, where he was to speak at a em ocratie gathering in memory of the late Sen. Philip A. 
Hart. 
Richard 
Moo, 
Mon­ d a y 's chief of staff, said Carter is not plan­ ning any local political campaigning this year. 
“ We’ re tryin g to do enough, g et to enough states, so we can help them with fund-raising activities and party func­ tions,” Moo said. 
“ He certain ly didn't hurt,” said Pete Smith, 
Clark’s press secretary, while Mondale chatted at a breakfast for families that had contributed at least $1,ooo to C la r k ’s cam paign ch est in the oast year. 
During his appear­ an ces, M ondale co m ­ bined political backslap­ ping with calls for sup­ port of Carter. 
At the Iowa breakfast, in addition to making a pitch for Clark, Mondale urged su ppo rt for 
C a rte r’s en ergy policy and said : “ U n less we deal with the problem of energy. 
A m e r ic a ’s independence as a poli­ tical force in the world will slowly erode.” 
He chatted with R o s­ well G arst, the influen­ tial Iowa fa rm e r and 
Dem ocrat whose farm the late Soviet leader Ni­ kita Khrushchev visited in 1959. 

FORMER PRESIDENT G erald Ford arrives at a conference of Republican state legislators at a Los A n ge le s hotel 
Saturday 
Ford blasts 
Carter plan 

 w a s h in g t o n p o st ser v ice 

LOS 
A N G E L E S 
- 
Form er President Ford ended his self-imposed political honeymoon with 
President Carter Satu r­ day by ridicu lin g the 
Carter anti-inflation package. 
“ Mr. Carter’s anti-in- 
16%..2o% OFF all these needs 

2o% OFF 
"Heritage" pine finished furniture s.LE 7 5 99 
C r ib , reg. 94.99 

OFFInfants’ mix and match coordinates 

These Perma-Prest® separates go together so many ways...they give baby a complete wardrobe. All infant sizes S, M, L and all reduced a whopping 2o %. 
Short sleeve shirt, white, blue or yellow, reg. 2.29................................................... 1.8.4 
Short sleeve shirt, all-over animal prints, reg.2.49.................................................. 1.99 
Creepalong in solid colors and prints, reg.4.99....................................................... 3.99 
Sliortall, assorted colors, reg. 3.99................................................................................ 3.19 
Coverall, full zipper front, assorted colors, reg. 5 .9 9 ............................................ 4.79 
I 83 

 lo 

4 79 

Sturdy pine and hardwood finished in a rich, dark burnished pine. The crib has c o n v e n i e n t <1 o u h ie d r o p s i d e s , a 
4-position adjustable spring and plastic teething rails. And now on sale! 
S99.993-Draw cr d resser........................... 79.99 
$32.99Firm support m attress................ 26.39 
S 8.49 Matching bumper p a d ............. 
6.89 

MORE Sale-priced nursery needs 
$6.99 Shoulder strap diaper b a g 
5.59 
So2.69Aaterproof pants, pkg. of 3 ........... 2.15 
$4.29Fitted knit crib sheet .......................3.43 
$4.59Cotton crib blanket...........................3.77 
$1.79 Lap pads, pkg. of 3 ......................... 1*43 
$2.39Toddler shirts, pkg. of 3 ................ * 
59c Toddler training p a n t s ............. p r W e J jJ j K 
$27.99High chair .................................... 22.39 
$29.994ox4o in. Play p e n ......................... 24.59 
$1 1.99 Walker with play t r a y ................ 12.59 
$24.99Reclining ear s e a t ....................... 19.99 

Ask about Sears credit plans 

2 o % 
^ M^FoiirWinnie-the- 
Pooh sleep play suit 

Soft Cordelaii® matrix (vinal, vinyon) terr>’ fabric with 2-way si retell. Baby can wear suit for sleep and play alike. In yel­ low, mint or blue, sizes INB, IB, 2B and 
3B. Cuffs on INB sizes convert to mittens. 

Reg. $4.99 
99 
3 

17% to 2o% OFF 
EVERY package of cloth diapers 

................3.55 

.................... 4 .7 9 
................. 4.88 

SO .V V Pre-tolded. m e d iu m -w eight r ✓ cotton diaper, pkg. of 12 ................................................... 
S3.88 Pre-folded, Birdseye cotton diaper, pkg. of 12 ................................................... .5 . I U 

S t.4 4 Medium-weiglit Birdseye cotton diaper, pkg. of 12 ................ 
53.99 Heavyweight cotton gauze diaper, pkg. of 12 ................ 
55.99 Pre-foled. “ Dura-Soft” cotton diaper, pkg. of 12 ............... 
5o.99 Pre-folded. medium-weight 

S7 .9 9 Pre-folded, extra-heavyweight cotton diaper, pkg. of 12 ..................... 
6.59 

S E A R S, R O E B U C K A N D CO. 
Where America shops 

Satisfaction Guaranteed or Your Money Back 

Sale prices in effect thru April 25th 

Downtown Plaza Store 
Soledad at Navarro 
Mon. and Thnrs>. 9:3o-9 
All other days 9:3o-6 

Military Drive Store at Pleasanton Rd. 
Mon. thro Sat. 
9:3o-9 

(an tral Park Stors 
San Pedro at loop 41o 
Mon. thro Sat. 
9:3o-9 

 flation program cam e in like a lion,” Fdrd said. 
“ It's going out like a mouse.” 
The three-point pack­ age announced Friday by the President features largely voluntary m ea­ sures that administration spokesm en said would restrain excessive wage or price increases. 
C a rte r reported ly sc ra p p e d at the la st moment a plan to start industry-by-industry dis­ cu ssio n s over pending w age and p rice in ­ creases. after both busi­ ness and labor leaders objected. 
“ Just talk” 
Ford made no specific reference to this ab a n ­ doned feature or to any of the v a rio u s 
C a rte r p roposals to reduce in­ flation by overhauling government regulations which affect industry and a g ric u ltu re . 
But the fo rm er P re sid e n t said that C a r te r ’s p ro g ram was “ just talk.” 
Ford said renewal of runaw ay inflation now’ faces the United States and could not be halted except by tough restric­ tions on gov ern m en t spending. He suggested using the budget which he submitted to Congress before he left office as the basis for a reduction in federal spending. 
The former President, looking tanned 
-and relaxed, voiced his c r i­ ticism of Carter in a brief in terview following a speech to a Republican group here. 
Until now F o rd had persisten tly refused to criticize the new admin­ istratio n , say in g that 
C a rte r deserved som e time on the job before he was subject to any parti­ 

 san evaluation. Saturday, however, Ford observed that C a r t e r ’s p o litical honeymoon with the p ress is “ beginning to fade a bit,” and said he now thinks it is proper to speak out in opposition when he feels the need. 
Earlier, during a ques- tion-and-answ’er session with R ep u b lican sta te legislative leaders from around the country’. Ford opposed two elements of 
C arter’s plan to change presid en tial election procedures. He said a l­ lowing re g istratio n on voting day would encour­ age fraud, and he also opposed eliminating res­ trictions on political par­ ticipation by federal employes. 
Some agreement 
But F ord still found h im self in a g re e m e n t with C arter on sev eral issues. For instance, he said he favors the P r e ­ sident’s support of a con­ stitutional am en dm en t that would elect the pre­ sident by direct popular vote. 
In the interview Ford also approved C a r te r ’s can cellatio n of the proposed $5o tax rebate, although he thinks it was cancelled for “ political as well as economic rea­ son s,” meaning that he doubted the Senate would have approved it. 
Ford discounted polls showing that Carter had a 75 per cent approval rating, pointing out that most other presidents al­ so have ranked very high with the American people at this stage of their administrations. 
“ He’s done a superb 
P R jo b ,” F o rd sa id . 
“ Whether i f s su sta in a ­ ble or not remains to be determined.” 
Berserk driver kills I, injures 4 

MANNING, S.C. (AP) 
— A man police said ap­ p aren tly w’ent b e rse rk when his car was forced off a highway w as charged with beating the driver of the other car to death and a tta c k in g a half-dozen other persons, in cluding a highw ay patrolman and a Georgia sheriff. 
Milton Harriott, *28, of 
Conway, was held with­ out bond on a m u rd e r charge, Clarendon Coun­ ty Sheriff W.J. Jackson said. Harriott also faces four counts of a ssa u lt. 
Jackson said. 

The dead man was At­ las Em erson W illiams, 
62, of E a g le S p r in g s, 
N.C., Jackson said. 
The sh eriff gave this account: 

Williams, his wife and daugh ter were driving south on In terstate 95 about 5o m iles east of 
C olum bia when 
H a r­ r io tt’s e ar sid esw ip ed his, forcing H arrio tt’s auto into a ditch. No one was injured. 

Harriott walked to the highway where Williams had stopped, and hit him with a piece of pipe. 

Harriott then tried to get into the car of Carl 
Larsen of Wayne, N .J., who had stopped at the scene. 

L a rse n refu sed , and 
Harriott broke a car win­ dow with the pipe and hit 

 him. He was not serious­ ly hurt. 
Later, 
Larsen’s 
15- year-old daughter. 
Janice, was injured w hen the highway patrol c a r she had gotten into was hit by a car Harriott had commandeered. She was hospitalized with head injuries. 

Harriott also dragged 
Donald Anderson, 38, of 
Penfield, N.Y., from his car and hit him on the head with the pipe sever­ al times. Anderson was in serious condition at a 
Columbia hospital. 
Among the p assersb y w as Sh eriff IL L . W il­ liamson and his brother, 
R obert, both of P e m ­ broke, Ga. The sh eriff tried to stop H arrio tt, and fired pointblank at him six times with a pis­ tol loaded with buckshot. 
The low-powered a m ­ munition did not faze 
Harriott. 

H arriott c o m m a n ­ deered Williamson’s car and drove half a m ile, chased by state p atro l­ man Paul Ramsing. 
Ram sing’s cruiser was struck by the ca r H a r­ riott was driving, injur­ ing the officer enough that he required tr e a t­ ment at a hospital. 
At that point Ramsing and the Williamsons suc­ ceeded in h an dcu ffin g 
Harriott and tying him with rope to a highway guard rail until Sheriff 
Jackson and deputies a r­ rived. r 

Featherlite casual luggage with the buckle-over strap 

Durable e x p a n d e d \inyl xx itll cotton backing. 

- . bandy outside zipper pocket*, nickel-plated 

 hardware, dependable aluminum zipper*. For 

 men. women in handsome, travel-wise colors. 

W ith smart Continental styling. A ll wonder- 

• t- *4 
;iMllJ>uys in time for vacations, important gifts. 

• Luggage Shop 

Sale prices good thru A p ril 23 rd 

Where America shops 

 st ahs, KotuccK AND < o. 
Satisfaction Gudrdtiteed or Your Money Bock 
Sears 

 regular S I8 
Shoulder Tote 

22-iu. Carry-on. reg. 828 .............. I > 
26-in. Pullm an, reg. 836 ............... 25.2o 

\ot >houn: 

2 D in. Pullm an, reg. 832 ............... 22.1o 
2o-in. Pullm an, reg. $4o ............... 28.oo 

7 

99 

 each 

Pants—regular SIO 

I i iiiic tops—Sear* regular low price 

I pdate your sportswear look with 

 tunic tops. Scars has a great group 

 in solids and stripes. A ll soft poly­ 

 ester and cotton blends. S, AI and L. 

 learn them with comfy pull-on 

 pants in stretch woven polyester. 

Coordinated solids. Proportioned 

 so they'll fit you well. Sizes 8 to 18. 

In our Sportswear Department 

The Muu Mini 
7 
99 
o 9 9 

Short style 
Long style 

Indulge yourself in the easy fit of 

 short or long muu minis. I till-hodied 

 styling o ilers freedom of movement. 

And machine washable acrylic challis 

 is a delight to care for. So brighten 

 your days with a rich assortment of 

\ i\id prints. In sizes S A L L and X L . 

In Oar lA ngerie And At-Home^Wear Shop 

Nothing looks 
© newer than a tunic top over stretch pants 

Downtown Plaza Store 
Soledad at Navarro 
Mon. and Thurs. 9:3o-9 
All other days 9:3o-o 

Price good thru April 23rd 

NI i Ii (ary Drive Store at Pleasanton HU. 
Mon. thru Sal. 
9:3o-9k 

Central Park Store 
San Pedro at Loop 41o 
Mon. thru Sat. 
9:3o-9 

San Antonio EX PR E S S - N E W S — Sun d ay April 17 1977 

For the woman who loves fashion and comfort. All-Ii bras meet your demands for natural-look shaping, freedom and support. Sears famous cushioned underwire bra*. All lov­ ingly soft. 

 a. Seamless underwires 

Choose from nylon tricot with Lycra spandex or nylon 

 lace and nylon. Lycra spandex. Available in B.C cups. 

I) cup. R e g u la rs *).5o ................................................................. 87.P> regular $8.5o 

 b. Seam ed u n d erw ires 

Bras are available in polyester lace and nylon, Lyrca® 

 spandex or nylon tricot and L ycra ^ spandex. In B.C cups. 

D and D D cups. R e g u la r 88 5o ..................................... St). 19 regular 87.5o 

 o. N atiiral-cup 

Polyester crepe with L y c ra ’ spandex or a contour-style 
O O 

 in polyester tricot, crepe nylon, xvitli Lycra" spandex. 

Natural cup a h o in I) size reg. 8 7.oo ................. 

Most sizes in w hite. 

Sale $ 1.99 regular 86.oo 

Full warranty on underwire for the life of the Ah-h Bra*. lf your Ah-h Bra51 underwire does not stay in place for the life of the garment, return bra to any 
Sears store for replacement of the garment, free of charge. 

In our Figure Shop 
8 a Ie prices in effect until April 3olh 

U.S.No.l Produce 
Groceries 

FINISHING 

Son Antonio fcXPRESS-NEWS— Sunday April I / i y // 
San Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— Sunday April 17 1977 

HUSBAND PLEASIN 
Ranch Style 
BEANS 

ISVa-OZ. CANS 

AD EFFECTIVE THRU WED., APRIL 2o,1977 
SAN ANTONIO STORES ONLY 
RIGHTS RESERVED TO LIMIT OU ANTI TI ES 

 la 
CREAM 

BIRDSEYE CUT CORN OR 
GREEN 
PEAS....... 

OPEN 
SUNDAY 
JEWEL 
SHORTENING 
CHOCOLATE CHI 
COOKIES 
...3-DOZ. ! 
PEANUT 
BUTTER 
................... TICKETS N O W O N S A L E ! ................. 
“ NIGHT IN OLD SAN AN TO N IO " 
ADULTS...$2.5o CHILDREN...$1.oo 

 lOOZ. PKG 

U.S.D.A. CHOICE BEEF 
RIB STEAKS 

SCOTCHGARD 12-OZ. CAN 
FABRIC 
PROTECTOR 

SUN GIANT 
LAUNDRY 
DETERGENT 

OCEAN SPRAY 
CRAN-APPLE 
JUICE 

TRASH CAN 
LINER 

AMERICAN BEAUTY EXTRA WIDE OR 
WIDE 
NOODLES 
...BOZ. I 

15-OZ. BOTTLE 

EACH 

HOT DOG 
SAUCE 

TEXSUN UNSWEETENED PINK 
GRAPEFRUIT 
JUICE 

KITCHEN 
BAGS 

SMUCKER'S 
GRAPE 
JELLY 

15-COUNT 

BUY I PINT — GET I PINT FREE! 

^ 
^ ^ 
KITCHEN FRESH MUSTARD OR REG. 
$ 3 . 1 9 POTATO SALAD 
„nt 79$ 

ITEMS AVAILABLE OHLY AT STORES WITH DELI’S 

1o-OZ. JAR 
RUBY RED GRAPEFRUIT 

W IENERS 
TENDER EGGPLANT 
BORATEEM PLUS 
. 
LAUNDRY * 
DETERGENT 
TIDE 
DETERGENT 
$ 1 .9 9 

URGE SIZE 6o S 
CALIFORNIA AVOCADOS 
EACH 

YELLOW SQUASH u 33* 
CRISP CARROTS 
JOY LIQUID (2o* OFF UBEL) 
DISH 
DETERGENT ...32-OZ BTL 

FREEZER QUEEN ASSORTED VARIETIES 
COOK IN POUCH p.sl.uHxi 
Am.no*11 
MORTON HONEY BUNS 

1V*LB. LOAF 
CLAUSSEN WHOLE OR 
ICICLE PICKLES wru. S3.OO 
PURCHASE 

12-OZ. CAN 

Mateus Rose’............. 
TAYLOR LAKE COUNTRY 
Red Table Wine.......... 
BLUE NUN 
Liebfraumikh............ 
QUAST! CHAMPAGNE PINK, DRY 
Cold Duck................... 
REGISTER NOW FOR FREE 
SONY COLOR TV NO KV-192oD 
DRAWING SAT., APRIL 23 
YOM Need Not Bo Present To Win 

12-OZ. CANS 
BUDWEISER.......... 

12-OZ. NO RETURN BOTTLES 
SHINER.................. 

GEBHARDT*} 
REFRIED 
BEANS 
SHASTA DIET 
SODA WATER. 
One Gold Bond Stomp elven With Each IO 
Purchase.. .Excluding Beer and Wine! umnna 
, I hindi/ Antiq 
6-PACK 
Hdndq Audit 

'WM' 
• r1 pgfllg *. 

 y in y i 

* '§ * * , y t i # • t ; f *> 

H 
San Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— Sunday April 17 I 977 

GET READY FOR A 
SUMMER FLING 
‘PICK ME UP!’ 

Be more exciting, vibrant, fashionable and ultra-feminine. 
For a terrific new you, enroll in one of our self-image workshops for young women, ages 7 to 77. 

Learn the essentials of wardrobe and accessory coordination, 

 personalized make-up tips, self image analysis, how to acquire 

 poise and self-confidence. 
Starting April 23 we have classes for girls ages 7 to l l , grades 6 to 

~ 8 and 9 to 12; and special for career women and homemakers, evening classes are available beginning the week of April 23, 
Call the Image workshop at 
Dillard’s: Central Park, 341 -51 51, ext. 41o or Windsor Park, 654- 

3131, ext. 41 o and enroll today. 

Dillards 
SHOP MON. THRU SAT. IO ’TIL 9 

IHPP 

I , 
M 

:*v- 
Dillard’s 

Kirsch woven woods save energy and money as well as beautify your home . . . this exciting new line is now 

2o% off 

Enjoy the decorator styling and natural insulation of these wooden shades . . . choose from our full selection of styles and patterns and save 2o%. Call for a free in home consultation with our decorator service. 

Central Park: 341-5151 ext. 363 
Windsor Park: 654-3131 ext. 364 

SHOP MONDAY THRU SATURDAY IO ’TIL 9 

W ing declares his win a victory of the people 

By VICKIE DAVIDSON 
Frank W ing came out of church Saturday night to find he had slipped ahead of Johnny 
Mata and taken the District 4 runoff race by several hundred votes. 

The results were in by 7:3o p.m. And it was like a festive wedding at Wing’s headquarters on South Pleasanton 
Road when the candidate returned from St. Joseph’s Church in South San. 
“ We Won. We won big.” People were crowded in the frame house stomping, clapping, yelling, hugging, singing. 
Doused 
Wing and his two biggest supporters 
— Edmundo Zaragoza, executive dir­ ector of the Economic Opportunity 
Development Corp. and State Rep. 
Frank Tejeda — were thoroughly doused with a bottle of cold duck as part of the celebration. 
But, that was after Wing, a civil service employe, led a victory prayer. 
Thanking God for the friends and neighbors who labored to get him in office. Wing said “ if this is a political machine, dear God. then this is what we need.” 
During the campaign opponents said 
Wing was the candidate of the Za- ragoza-EODC machine. 
Joint effort 
Did he? 
“ W'e’re humble, proud people. It. was a community effort. To coin the phrase of another group it was money vs.. 

 people and in District 4 the people will prevail,” Wing answered. 
Wing answered the question about the machine and one about the cam­ paign after State Rep. Tejeda whi­ spered in his ear. 
Wing said he thought the campaign w'as dean, but they were met with negativism from the other side. 
At the other side’s headquarters the supporters were subdued, and Mata 

 said he hadn’t had a chance against the 
EODC machine. 
“ It’s kind of hard for an individual like me — myself coming from the 
South Side to be able . . . to have the access to the number of people the 
EODC does,” said Mata, a former professional football player and car salesman. 
During the campaign Mala was charged with having the backing of 
Alliance for a Better City (ABC), he 

 denied it. 
He did have the backing of the San 
Antonio Professional Fire Fighters, the Service Employes International 
Union No. 84 and the other seven can­ didates who were defeated in the elec­ tion two weeks ago. 
There are 19 precincts in District 4 
Wing took most of the precincts. 

He had led Mata in Hie April 2 race by nearly 2,ooo votes. 

FRANK W IN G greets Mr, and Mrs. W esley Dietrich, voters in District 4 

STA FF P H O T O BY S T E V E C A M P B E II' 

H I 
Dillard's 

SALE 

 every pattern of 
Oneida Community and Deluxe Stainless 
Deluxe 
Community 
Reg. 
Sale 
Reg. 
Sale 
2o pc. service for 4 
37.5o 
28.13 
49.95 
37.46 
5 pc. hostess set 
16.5o 
12.38 
$22 
16,5o 
Set of 4 ice drink 
$9 
6.75 
$12 
$9 
Set of 4 cocktail forks 
$9 
6.75 
$12 
$9 
Set of 4 fruit spoons 
$8 
$6 
$1o 
7.5o 

This is your opportunity to start or complete your set of fine 
Oneida Community and Deluxe stainless. Any pattern not in stock will be special ordered at sale price! Remember, stainless makes beautiful wedding gifts 

Silver 

SHOP DILLARD S M O NDAY THRU SATURDAY FROM. IO AM ’TIL 9 PM: CENTRAL PARK, 
WINDSOR PARK, MILITARY PLAZA 

San Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— Sunday April 17 1977 
Page I I -A 
Dutmer: Hard worli won upset victory 

HELEN DUTMER w aves to a friend as she prepares to vote for herself in District 3 
ST Aff PHOTO BY H M DEAM JR 

By ALAN BAILEY 
It was “ just plain old hard w o rk ’’ that put her on City 
Council, Mrs. Helen D u tm e r said Saturday after upsetting 
Councilman Bob Billa. 
Billa, meanwhile, said he lost the race for the District 3 (Southwest San 
Antonio) post because voters associat­ ed him with developers. 
“ People don’t give the developers credit for many of the good things in 
San Antonio,” Billa summed up. 
“ The results are disappointing,” 
Billa added. “ I want to congratulate 
Mrs. Dutmer. She did go out and work, especially on person-to-person contact.” 
Billa, first elected two years ago city-wide, said, “ It’s sort of ironic that a person who fought against districting should be elected from a district. 

7/\s sort o f ironic that a person who fought against districting should be elected front a district ’ 

“ I fought for districting so the South 
Side of San Antonio could have a stronger voice at City Hall,” said Billa. 
While the mood vCas somber at Bil- la’s campaign headquarters at 2931 E. 
Southcross Blvd., there was cheering and shouting at Mrs. Dutmer’s head­ quarters at 213o Goliad Rd. 
“ I just really want to say thank you to every voter who cast a ballot today whether it was for me or Mr. Billa. The people should guard their right to vote,” said Mrs. Dutmer, 56. 
Mrs. Dutmer said one of her first 

 actions as a member of City Council will be to set up various neighborhood meetings in District 3 to discuss prob­ lems and solutions. 
Mrs. Dutmer, who had served on various city boards and commissions, said she won because of “ just plain old hard work. I must have walked thou­ sands of miles to meet voters.” 
Billa said he had no future political plans. “ I think I can go back to work­ ing for myself. Rather than be the recipient of criticism, I can give it now.” 
Guam says no to gambling 

ACANA, Guam (A P) - Three proposals to legalize gambling on 
Guam were overwhelmingly rejected 
Saturday. 
Dillard’s 
BABY SALE 

 save $ 7 to 8 .5 1 ! play yards 

Assorted patterns adorn these playpens with double drop sides, large draft guard, reversible pad, lucite wheels and easy-to-fold features. 
4ox4o“ reg. $ 4 6 .................................................. 37.49 

 save 7 .5 1 ! high chairs 

This attractively decorated high chair conveniently folds flat, sports such super features as metal tray lock, push-button safety belt and adjustable footrest. 

 save I 1.o1! infant strollers 

It’s playtime for baby. . .colorful self-amusement beads on the front tray; convenient for you. . .market basket, four-position reclining back, canopy, special safety and easy-fold features that makes traveling a pleasure. 

27.99 
36x36” , reg. $35 

22.49 
Reg. $3o 

29.99 
Reg. $4o 

Curity training pants 
2 / 1.69 

Reg. 2 for $2-2.5o. 2-way stretch, more absorbency and available in sizes I -4. 

Cruity crib sheets 
2.49 
White, reg. 3.19............ 2.49 
Prints, reg. 3 .3 9 ............ 2.69 
Fitted, permanentjoress. 

Curity blankets 
5.19 

Thermal crib blanket, 
6.5o. 
36x5o“ acrylic nylon border, pastels. 

 reg. with 

Curity blankets 
2.39 

Thermal receiving blanket reg. 
$3. Use as wrap from bed to bath. . .3ox4o“ in pastels. 

Save 1.51! sundresses for infant girls 
5.49 
Reg. $7 

Ruffles, tie-necks, applique trims in gingham checks, plaids, duco-dots, assorted styles and colors, some with matching panties. . .all for that precious little girl of yours. 8-12-18 mo. save 2 .o 1 ! sunsuits for infants 
3.99 
Compare at $6 

Super styling for infant boys or girls makes these cool sunsuits in checks, solids, stripes and assorted colors, a perfect purchase. N o­ iron fabrics in one-piece styles. 9-1 8 mo. 

Curity diapers 

8.89 gauze diapers. . . 
6.99 
8.99 prefolded stretch. 
6.99 
8.99 stretch diapers . . 
6.99 
8.89 prefolded 
6.99 
Extra absorbency from Curity. 

2.51 off! sunsuits for boys and girls 

 comp, at 8.5o 5.99 

Choose from a variety ot styles for boys and girls like our colorful one-piece sunsuits with matching jacket for cooler weather. Super summer buy. 8-1 8 mo. 

 bSHOP MONDAY THRU SATURDAY IO ’TIL 9: CENTRAL PARK, MILITARY PLAZA, WINDSOR PARK*" 

Continued from Page JA 

 him an image of inconsistency, while the mayor was obviously well versed in the business of the city. 
The mayor was clearly delighted by a visit paid to the fringe of the party by 
Gen. William H. Simpson, commander of the Ninth Army in World War II. 

The general revealed he had led a party of four to vote absentee for the mayor. 
Another hotel resident who was on hand to congratulate Mrs. Cockrell was Dr. Hubertus Strughold, the re­ tired space scientist. 
Fond teasing 
The mayor was the recipient of a bit of fond teasing from her husband, Sid 
Cockrell. 

He reported that, as usual, she had prepared breakfast early Saturday.. 
But he observed that her breakfasts had 
“ deteriorated” during the campaign. 

But so far as the mayor was con­ cerned the orchid that her husband had given her expressed his feelings. She said: 

“ After all these years of public life, it’s pretty nice to have a husband who still loves you. He’s given the city much. It’s not easy to be the spouse of someone in public life.” 

Classical music praised in China 

TOKYO (AP) — Peking newspapers have praised a concert tour by the 
Stuttgart Chamber Orchestra, the first ever by a West German classical m u­ sic group in Communist China. 
Western classical music has been banned in China for many years, but the Peking regime recently rescinded that by playing works of Beethoven on the 15oth anniversary of his death. 

•Junction man still missing 

SPACIAL TO TMI I X ra iS ^ N IW S 
JUNCTION — Rescue team s will resume their search early 
Sunday for H. L. Murr, 26, who disappeared in a boating a c­ cident at about noon Friday. 

M urr’s com panion, Charles 
McGuire, 29, took refuge in a tree when the boat capsized in' the rain-swollen South Llano 
River about IO m iles west of here. Ile was rescued by a 
Departm ent of Public Safety helicopter at about 
7 p.m. 
Friday. 

State, county and city officers and volunteers searched all day 
S atu rd ay. 
T hey found the rem ains of M urr’s boat and raincoat but no other trace of bim. 

Both men are from Junction. 

E x -M o iit'r ey advisor joins 
Hill campaign 

Robert Heller, media consultant for m ayoral candidate John Mon- frey, joins Atty. Gen. John H ill's campaign for governor Monday. 

H eller said Saturday H ill had contacted him and asked him to coordinate the media portion of his race against Gov. Dolph Briscoe. 

H eller is the head of h is own public re la tio n s firm b ased in 
Houston and has acted as consultant in successful campaigns for Sens. 
John Tower and Lloyd Bentsen and 
Houston Mayor Fred Ilofheinz. 
He also worked in Briscoe’s last campaign. 

H eller w as one of the prim ary strategists behind Monfrey’s cam ­ paign for mayor. 
Hill has not formally announced his 

 candidacy for the governor’s race in 
1978 but is expected to do so this summer. 

By DAVID MCLEMORE 

Joe Webb overcame the traditAonal 
East Side power forces Saturday night to win the District 2 city council race. 
Webb’s opponent, Charles Williams, received the backing of outgoing City 
Councilman Claude Black, State Rep. 
Lou Nolle Sutton and City Councilman 
Henry Cisneros. 
But Webb credited his novice poli­ tical workers and the voice of the peo­ ple with his victory. 
“It was a hard fight, but my election showed th a t the people w anted a change, that they were not satisfied with the leadership provided by the current power structure,” Webb said. 
Power base 

Williams urged his workers to back 
Webb as the new city councilman. 
The Rev. Mr. Black said privately, 
“ I don’t see the outcome of this elec­ tion as a rejection of my tenure on the council. 
“ I see it as an indication that Webb 

 did a fine job in organizing his cam ­ paign. I hope he is successful on the council, because that will be good for our community.” 
“ It’s been a long campaign,” one of 
Williams’ workers said. “ We’ll just wait and see what happens now.” 

H 
San Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— Sunday April ,1 7 1977 
Alderete knew he would win 

Ortiz credits campaign aide for Dist. 6 win 

By ED KINGSHOTT 
Victorious District 6 City Council candidate Rudv Ortiz credited his victory Saturday night to 7oo votes he received in his opponent’s stronghold. 
The 33-year-old Ortiz defeated attor­ ney Robert Thompson by 38o votes to capture the Southwest Side district. 
Ortiz, a St. Philip’s College counsellor, credited key campaign aide Ricardo 
Graciano for the Valley-Hi votes. 
Those votes, combined with a lop­ sided margin in predominantly Mex- ican-A m erican precincts n e a r 
Edgewood High School, spelled victory for Ortiz. 
Valley-Hi 
“ He pulled in the 7oo votes from 
Valley-Hi we needed,” Ortiz said of 
Graeiano’s efforts. 
Orti/ had outpolled Thompson by 65o votes in the primary two weeks ago but had picked up only about 35o votes in 
Valley-Hi, an a re a considered a 
Thompson stronghold. 
“We felt like we didn’t concentrate on our outlying areas like Valley-Hi,” 
Graciano said of the earlier election. 
“ He re m in d s m e of a M exican- 
American Jim m y Carter. . .the way this guy works,” said Graciano. 
Ortiz also praised his entire c a m ­ paign staff for the victory. 
“ Right there man. That's what won it. They’ve worked like they’ve never worked before,” he said. 

By DAVID HENDRICKS 

^ To Joe Alderete Jr., a District 
7 victory was a foregone conclusion. 

But he was surprised by how badly he beat incumbent Richard Teniente. 
“ Can I be honest with you?” Alder­ ete asked while sipping a victory beer at jubilent headquarters. 
“ I expected to win by 3oo or 4oo votes, but not by 3,ooo or 4,ooo.” 
Big turnaround 
It was quite a turnaround. Teniente had led the April 2 election by 5,191 to 
3,o89. But a larger turnout Saturday seemed to do in Teniente, who served 

'Can I be honest with you? I expected to win by 3oo or 
4oo votes, hut not by 3,ooo or 4,ooo." 

 as mayor pro tem for a year. 
Alderete carried 15 of 19 precincts in 
D istrict 7. Only two boxes w ere claimed April 2 by the 29-year-old sales representative. 
“ This victory was the result of a coalition of all kinds of people and all the other (D istrict 7) c a n d id a te s, regardless of endorsements,” Alderete said. 
Alderete said he received help from supporters of Joe Fernandez despite 

Fernandez’ endorsement of Teniente. 
Fernandez placed third April 2. 
Alderete acknowledged the added support of such well-known politicos as 
State Rep. Matt Garcia, former Coun­ cilman Pete Torres and former State 
Sen. Joe Bernal. 
Followed faction 
At Teniente’s headquarters, under­ standably quiet, the incumbent agreed the District 7 voters followed the fac­ tion of Garcia, Bernal and Torres. 
“ I’m sure my opponent worked a heck of a lot harder than we did,” the 
48-year-old pharmacist said. 
Teniente said he accepts defeat without sour grapes because it was based on the issues, although he cri­ ticized television campaign coverage for what he called biased reporting. 
“ I don’t think I was treated fairly by the television media,” he said. “ There was a definite bias. 
“ They know who they are . . . we were bombarded with all sorts of lies and misrepresentations of facts.” 
Alderete said he spent about $9,ooo in the race, which put him $4,ooo in debt. 
Teniente said he spent betw een 
$13,ooo and $15,ooo. 
First priorities 
Alderete said his first priority for his district when he takes office in May will be to seek im p rov em ents in streets, sidewalks and lighting. For the city, he said he will try to help generate more jobs and industries. 
Another m a tte r will come first, however. His wife is expecting the couple’s third child Sunday. 

Pat Monfrey: 
Don’t be bitter about defeat 

By JIM WOOD 
It was John Monfrey’s wife, Pat, who gave the eulogy for the defeated candidate. “John’s spirits are good but he is disappointed.” 

LATE STRATEGY is discussed by Joe Alderete Jr., to his 
District 7 cam paign w orker, Chris Pe re* st aff p h o t o by s n vc campbell 

CORINE HALL is all sm iles as she m eets her candidate, 
Joe W ebb, in District A staff photo by pat hamilton 

VICTORY 

Continued from Page IA something for everybody, presenting a smorgasbord of sorts, except maybe for the developers. 
C andidates believed favorable to developers were defeated. 
There’ll be housewives, professors, social workers, a civil service worker. a retired businessman, a company ex­ ecutive, and a store manager on the council. . 
Monfrey shook the money tree again this year, but the leaves fell on barren ground. His expenditure of $162,ooo through April 6, coupled with the 
$3oo,ooo he spent on his unsuccessful 
1975 cam paign, m eans he has put nearly a half a million dollars into his bids with no results. 
$62,ooo 
Mrs. Cockrell reported expenditures of $62,ooo in her last report before the runoff. 
Webb’s election in District 2 may herald a changing of the political guard in the black community. Wil­ liams, his opponent, had the endor­ sement of Councilman Black. State 
Rep. Lou Nelle Sutton, and black pub­ lisher Valmo Bellinger, the longtime established political leaders of the black community. . 
This election saw the re-entry into municipal politics of county courth­ ouse officials and legislators. 
Beating the drums for Mayor Cock­ rell were State Reps. Bob Vale, Don 
Cartw'right, M rs. Sutton and Abo 
Ribak, County Judge Blair Eeeves and 
County Com. Je ff W entw orth. The three councilmen re-elected April 2 — 
Henry Cisneros, Glen Hartman, and 
Phil Pyndus also were in the mayor’s corner. 
Lined up behind Monfrey were State 
Reps. Matt Garcia and Joe Hernandez; 
Com. A. J. Ploch; Sheriff Bill Hauek; 
Constables Isb Garza, Dean ones, and 
Bob Garcia, and Justices of the Peace 
Leo Mendoza and Rudy Esquivel. 
Labor 
Organized labor split on its endor­ sements, the fire fighters lost six out of seven, and San Antonio Police Political 
Action Committee dropped six out of seven. 
The Aquifer Protection Assn. had a perfect record. All the can d idates winning Saturday were rated good by the association, which rated Teniente and Billa as “ hopeless.” 
Communities Organized for Public 
Service also scored well Saturday. 
Although COPS doesn’t endorse can­ didates, three candidates it had bad words for during the campaign were defeated. That would be M onfrey, 
Chapa and Teniente. 
Her North Side stronghold cam e through for the m ayor. F o u rteen representative boxes on the North Side gave Mrs. Cockrell 7,515 in the runoff over Monfrey’s 3,3o2. On April 2, Mrs. 
Cockrell drew 6,3o7 and Monfrey 3,542 in the same boxes. 
Both candidates picked up on the 
South Side, but the mayor picked up more. Fifteen representative South 
Side boxes gave Mrs. Cockrell 4,73o votes to Monfrey’s 3,95o in the runoff, compared to 2,8o2 and 2,6o5 April 2. 
Black areas 
Monfrey lost ground in the black precincts, and Mrs. Cockrell gained strength there over April 2. Five black boxes reg istered 987 votes for the mayor, up from 7o8 April 2, to Mon­ frey’s 1,288, a drop from his vote of 
1,354 April 2. 
The effect of San M artin’s endor­ sement was reflected in the West Side 
Mcxican-American boxes. Mrs. Cock­ rell’s vote in seven Mexican-American boxes increased from 736 April 2 to 
1,92o Saturday, while Monfrey was also increasing his margin 1,1o8 to 2,388. 
The percentages totaled by M rs. 
Cockrell and Monfrey, in that order, city-wide and by district are: city­ wide, 59.2, 4o.8; Dist. I, 5o.4, 49.6: Dist. 
2, 46, 54; Dist. 3, 59.4, 4o.6; Dist. 4, 48.8, 
51.2; Dist. 5, 48, 52; Dist. 6, 5o.4, 49.6; 
Dist. 7, 56.8, 43.2; Dist. 8, 7o.7, 29.3; 
Dist. 9, 67, 33, and Dist. IO, 69.3, 3o.7. 
Bar of ficers okay budget 

TYLER 
(AP) - State Bar of 
Texas directors tentatively approved a 
$2.4 million budget for fiscal 1977-78 here Saturday, an increase over last year’s $2.3 million budget. 
President-elect Travis Shelton of 
Lubbock presented the budget, which will have to be finally approved by the board of directors in June. 

“ District 6 has a lot of catching up to do,” he added. “ It’s one problem after another with drains, street lights, water mains and drug abuse. 
“ We’ve never had representation before. Now we have to try to bring our people together to establish commun­ ication among ourselves.” 

Thompson, however, disagreed with 
Ortiz’ victory assessment. 
The attorney said the votes Ortiz picked up in Valley-Hi were votes that had gone to Jesse Diaz who finished third in the primary. 
Thompson also said it was an im ­ possible task for him to win votes in 
Mexican-American dominated pre­ cincts. 
“ They’re not going to vote for an 
Anglo there,” he said. Thompson also said it would be difficult for Ortiz to represent the 
A nglo-dom inated 
Valley-Hi area. 
Will help 
“ I certainly wish him Godspeed and will help him anyway I can but I will certainly watch out for the interests of my district. 
“ We just got outvoted,” he said. 
“ That’s all I can say. If the same kind of district alignment occurs again the inner area will again seat the council­ man,” Thompson said. 
Incumbent Al Rohde, who finished fifth in the primary, said he will do everything possible to assure a smooth 

RU DY ORTIZ 

 transition. 
“ I believe the District 6 vote on key issues will be the swing vote on the council,” Rohde added. 

Webb pulls off upset in District 2 campaign 

She stood and faced the crowd of 
Monfrey for Mayor supporters at El 
Tropicano Motor Hotel while he was flat on his back in the Nix Hospital with pneumonia. 
“ The polls may show we lost but we haven’t ,” Mrs. Monfrey said. “ We have made a lot of people at City Hall aware that we know what is going on.” 
She urged the crowd, some of which had been sipping beer and munching tamales for two hours, not to be vindictive. 

LILA 

“ I see my election as the call for the establishment of a real power base — one that the people have a voice in.” 
Webb’s campaign headquarters was filled with tense workers, reflecting the tight seesawing of the counts of the 
18 precinct boxe! in the district. 
His workers erupted in pandemon­ ium when the count for precinct 357 came in, showing Webb the leader. 
“We beat Cisneros,” they chanted. 
Cisneros had campaigned door-to- door for Williams in the precinct ear­ lier Saturday. 
“I’m taking a message to the council from the East Side,” Webb said. “ The people want them to know that this side of tow n has been getting the short end of the stick. 
“ It’s time we got back on an even keel.” 
Different mood 
Only a few blocks away, a different mood covered the Williams campaign headquarters at 2o15 E. Houston St. 
Small groups of grim W illiam s workers gathered in small clusters, acknowledging defeat. 
One worker commented, “We lost it. 
I may be wrong, but I think this will really hurt the district. The Webb people just don’t have the political ex­ pertise to work for the district.” 
Williams entered the door quickly. 
He was the only one smiling. “ What’s losing?” he asked. “ We won someth­ ing much more. 
“ We’ve got the unity, the strength and the experience to come back and win two years from now.” 

Stay involved 
“ Let’s not shoot them down,” she- said. Rather, she urged the Monfrey group to stay involved, support good government but also keep an eye on it. 
Mrs. Monfrey, smiling and smartly attired for what she had hoped would be a victory party, made two brief ap­ pearances at the Monfrey party — one before the result was final and one after it was mostly all said and done. 
She had taken a suite on the sixth floor of the hotel and there were ten­ tative plans to bring Monfrey over from the hospital if he had won. 
Some of the campaign workers were bitter and some analytical. Some like 
Eddie Garcia, a Monfrey lieutenant and loyalist, were crushed. 
Assessm ent 
In assessing the campaign, the stra­ tegy and the coverage, Norma Reed snapped, “ The media coverage has got to be the most biased I have ever seen. 
He is a businessman but all they ever called him was a beer baron . . . The city m issed a chance for a g re a t leader. Now it’s going to be the same old six and seven.” 
Mrs. Reed, wro handles public in-, formation for the San Antonio School 
District, took a leave of absence to work fulltime for Monfrey in waning days of the campaign. 
Bob Heller, the political professional from Houston, said. “ We just were not able to improve our lot from the first election.” 
“ We probably couldn’t have changed it even a point or two if we had spent two hundred thousand dollars more,” 
Heller said. 
Endorsement 
While he had not m ade a detailed analysis of the returns, Heller believed the endorsement of Mayor Cockrell by 
Dr. Jose San Martin made a big dif- 

MRS. JO H N M O NFREY 

 ference. “ Even though some of the San 
M artin end orsem ent had begun to flack off, it seems that most of it stuck.” 
He and others also assessed that the hospitalization of Monfrey during the last days of the campaign hurt him some. 
For people like Garcia and Mrs. 
Reed, who live and work here, it was a personal defeat. For Heller it was another job. He leaves Sunday for 
Houston to gear up for another cam ­ paign. “ You give it your best shot and go on.” 

■ 

* 
Full Dolts - First quality 
1 o o % polyester. 

OUR REG. $1.88 VO....... 
45” Lilique Dress and Blouse Prints 

Polyester/cotton blends 
Full bolts. 

OUR REG. $1.39 YD............ 

I I 
•: • v 
. • •. 
•:... •; . 
.•: ■ 
' t ' f 
54” Solid Color 
Velour 

48”-52” Screen Printed 

Full bolts Comport to $5 yd. 
OUR REG. $2.5o YO. 

Famous Brand Sheets 
Irre gu lars of valu es to $16 

Q* T $ £ 9 5 To. $ o 9 9 

$5.5o 
» 
$4.5o 
9h# 

TWINS 
REG. 
$3.25 

Men’s Dress and Casual Flares irregulars and first quality. Our usual $8.98. 
Solids and fancies. 1oo% polyester and poly/cot- t »# ton blends. Fashion styling included. Machine * washable. Sizes 29-42. 
% r 

EVERYTHING GOIS AT THIS! LOW PRICES 
Jrmgulars. Not every shoe in every style, but still a good selection 
^ ^ £ J * 
Most sizes 5 to 8 and 8 YI* to 4. l l 
I O 
TICKETED $2.88 IO $6.98.;........... 
■ 
<•> 

LADIES’ AND TEENS’ 
Spring Sandals & Wedges 

Mostly first quality to $2o. Many are genuine leather from 
Italy, Spain, and Brazil. Fabrics in slings and leg wrappers. 
White Bone, Navy, Camel and others. Sizes 5 to IO. 
TICKETED 
$ J L 2 o 
TICKETED 
S T 
4 4 

 and Senior other*. “Po nwy Yorn.' 

LADIES’ AND TEENS’ 
[ Spring lounge Gowns 

A Irregular* of value to $12. long comfortable 
I styles. Solids, stripes, prints. 
Many styles. 
IVV Acetate/nylon a rn 
. a 
4 J 
CME 
\ M. 
A l r 
4 # 

LADIES’ AND TEENS’ SPRING 
Dusters and Shifts 
INFANTS’ ANO TODDLERS’ 
Bubbles or Sunsuits first quality of volue to 
$o. 
Polyester/cotton fabric*. Print* or solid*. Bubbles for girts, sun suits # for boy*. 5»z«* M -l-Xi and 2 to 4, 
^ i ticketed ss.. 
1 

Irregulars of values to 
$12. 
Polyester/cotton fabrics. Short sleeve or sleeveless styles. Appliques. Floral prints and solids. Sizes S.M.L. 

TICKETED S i 
Ladies Spring Gowns 
Infants’ & Toddlers’ 

Eureste wallops 
Chapa 

By SARA MARTINEZ 

Bernardo Eureste swamped Dario Chapa by winning all 13 precincts and the absentee vote in the City Council District 5 runoff 
Saturday. 

“ I think this would indicate a very good mandate from the people in District 5,” Eureste said. “ It shows they had an interest in a campaign where there was a lot of effort.” 
Eureste credited his house-to-house campaigning for the edge, but Chapa said “ it was the support of all those people who believed they were working against me that gave Eureste the edge.” 
Unknown 
“ Eureste was relatively unknown in community work,” Chapa said. “ He was mostly known in the college-age group.” 
“ I don’t know w ho to give most of the credit for my defeat. Communities Organized for Public Service worked very hard against me,” Chapa said. 
“ So did the Mexican-American Unity Council, the 
Bishop (Patrick Flores), La Raza Unida, Henry Cis­ neros, Joe Bernal and the many priests from all those churches that actively worked against me. All of them deserve credit for working against me,” 
Chapa said. 
Eureste agreed: “ I must also credit the conflict that arose between Dario Chapa and the COPS organization. 
“ He left the people of the district with no other alternative.” Eureste said. 
Chapa accused COPS and the other community groups of “ basing their political activity against me on false and unfounded reasons. 

No cow-tows 
“ I supported COPS on practically every issue. It’s not that I did not vote their way on the important issues, ifs that I did not cow-tow to them,” Chapa said. 
“ It was because I would not submit to their auth­ ority that they did not want me,” Chapa said. 
He added, “ Cisneros was hoping to get someone who will support him for mayor pro tem and other . matters.” 
Eureste countered: “ No, Mr. Cisneros gave me an endorsement before we met to discuss anything. I heard about the mayor pro tem thing and discussed it with him (Cisneros) Monday afternoon after he had endorsed me.” 
Chapa said he will continue to remain politically active in his community. 
“ I have plans and hopes to organize all those who supported me for a more powerful and more broad-based support. 

Important factor 
“ It will be a very important political factor to reckon with in future elections,” Chapa said. 
When asked if his coalition would be in direct opposition to COPS, Chapa said, “ We will work for those things we feel should be done in behalf of the community.” 
Eureste said he plans to meet with Chapa soon. 
Chapa replied, “ I hope to be like any citizen and have input on matters of interest to the residents of 
District 5.” 

Aggies muster Thursday 

The annual Texas Aggie Muster in San Antonio will be held Thursday. 
Texas A&M University alumni will gather for ceremonies at 7:3o p.m. at Aggie Park at West 
Avenue and III41o, according to program Chairman 
Richard Kistner. 
Featured speaker will be Haskell M. Monroe Jr., assistant vice president for academic affairs at 
A&M. 
The muster is open to all former students of A&M and their families, parents of students and friends of 
A&M. 
Kistner said the muster ceremony dates back to the 188os. It is held annually wherever Texas A&M former students live and work, he said. 
The former Aggies pay respect to all those who died since the last muster, Kistner said. 

Brandeis official to speak 

Dr. Abram Leon Sachar, Brandeis University chancellor, will give a public lecture at 7:3o p.m. 
Thursday at Central Park Bank. 
The talk is being sponsored by the San Antonio 
Chapter of the Brandeis University National Wo­ men’s Committee. 
Dr. Sachar helped to establish Brandeis Universi­ ty, in Waltham, Mass., in 1948. 

C O U P O N l a i o i m c 
C O U P O N 
C O U P O N l O 
L B i * * * * C O U P O N l O L O l C A I V £ C O U P O N i a L o { £ * V £ c o u p o n 

I 

O ur Usual $ 1.o7 
I 
Wintuk 

I S & 
W lf*"9 
Y" rn! Nylon Polities, 
JU m , Irregulars. 
White or 
C o lo rs. 
V h 
OZ. 
^ 
4 I tolori. 
Nylon tricot. and 4 oz. 4-ply 
, skeins. Limit 12. 

G O O D M O N D A Y , A M IL 18 (E-N) 

Our Usual 594 
[ 
® l,r Usual $2*59 j la d ie s’ and Teens’ 
Ladies and Teens 
I Ladies Summer Sandals I 
KNIT TOP, TEE TOPS 
I first quality. White, Brown, Sizes j 
TANKTOPS 

Irregulars. Our Usual 794 
MEN’S TUBE SOCKS 
I 

^ | colors. 
..r.w......... 
| Briefs or Bikinis. Sizes 
I 5 to IO. limit 6. 43 

G O O D M O N DAY, APRIL I S (E-N) 

 j Irregulars made to . 
A f i | sell to $6. Sizes 
I S.M.L limit I. 
^ 
I TICKETED $3........ 

GOO D M O N D A Y , APRIL I S 
(N) 'I 
G O O D M O N DAY, APRIL IS 

5 to IO. limit 2. j White with stripe 
It C | top. 
Solid color. j Terry Velour. Sizes m— _ _ 
I 9Vj-15. limit 3. 
W 
1 
(E -N )i 
GOO D M O N DA Y , APRIL IS ( l- N ) 
48 

8 a*. I'O R E A l 
PROTEIN SHAMPOO 

Normal, Dry. 
Tinted & 
Bleached. limit 2 

G O O D M O N D A Y. APRIL I S (E -N ) 

J O L D J H W C O U P O N i O L o f £ * V e C O U P O N 
J O LO 
C O U P O W * f O LO f£ R V *T C O U f O N f P L O f£ £ \ t£ C O U P O N f B L O f £ £ V £ C O U P O N 

Our Usual 494 yd. 
Laces and Riflings’ 

I laces, rufflings, 
I edges and braids. 
I White/colors. Cot- 

I 
39 

Our Usual 274 
Infant and Toddler 
, 
Stretch Socks 
I Irreg. Ankles or 
^ | crew; For boys or f girls. Sizes 4 to yd. 16’/z. limit 4. ton/nylon. 
— 
— ,.......... 
- 
— — 
. 

' 
G O O D M O N D A Y K , APRIL IS(E-N) I 
G O O D M O N DAY, APRIL I S (E-N) ' 

Our Usual 594 
Fanfare All Nude 
Panty Hose 
First quality. 
Beigetone. 
Sizes 
A-B-C. 
Multifila­ ment. 

GO O D M O N D A Y , APRIL 18 
(E-N}1 

Selected Group! 
, 
MATERNITY TOPS 

I Irregulars made to 
MEN’S TEE SHIRTS 

 a r c ! x / L ? - , ’" • s g i * ! 
I f J 
J TICKETED $4 
Mm 

G O O D M O N DAY, APRIL I S (E-N) | 

I 
I irregulars. 
Our 
I usual 994 White. 
Sizes 
S.MI.XL limit 3. 

G O O D M O N D A Y , APRIL TS (E-N) | 

$1.5o COVER G IR I 
LIPSTICKS 

 rf * lip softeners. 

, Our Reg. $1.29 

I limit 2 

G O O D M O N DAY , APRIL IC (E-N) 

BERNARDO EURESTE passes out cam­ paign literature to Mrs. Andres Con­ treras Saturday while on his w ay to a resounding victory 
STAFF PHO TO BY PAT HAM ILTO N 

M EN ’S VAN HEUSEN 
Sport e„d Dress Shirts 

Irregulars. Our .usual $4.98. Solids- stripes-pf rn h and patterns. Long and short sleeve. 
1oo% 
Qiana. 
1oo% polyester and polyester blends. Several styles to select from. Sizes 14W-17 and s.rnXxl, 

~ 
MEN’S FAMOUS MAKERS’ 
Jean and Western Shirts 
Irregulars. Our usual $4.98. Solids and fancies. 
Styles pockets. Fashion western yokes and long or short sleeve models. 
Poly /cotton 
& a q blends. 
Body fit styling. 
Sizes 

A Jumpsuits & Gaucho Sets $ 

Irregulars mode to sell to 
. 
$3o. Sizes 5/13 6/16. TICKETED $13 .... 
97 

 d uresses, i 
Formals, 2 & 3-pc. Skirt Sets [ 
■ k 
.1 

' 
' I i A i < i i 
Au* A* 
Irregulars and samples made to sell to $35. Sizes 
5/15 6 /18 some 14/24. 
H WM 

SPRING AND SUMMER 
Blazers and Shirt Jackets 

Irregulars and samples made to sell to $35. Sizes 5/15, 6/18 some 
I 4/24. Many color coordinated to skirts, pants and vests. 

TICKETED m m 
$595- $785-$1o 

 lr regular* made to sell to $35 each. Mony color coordinated tackets. Sizes 5/15 6/16. 
TICKETED $7 IO $12 
, Skirts, Vests 
2 off 
Spring and Summer Gauchos 

$59o- $775» $99o 

Irregulars made to sell to 
$24. Sizes 5/15 6/16. 
TICKETED $8-$ 1o $ 12 

FAMOUS MAKERS’ BETTER 
Shirts & Novelty Knit Tops 

Irregulars and first quality made to sell for $12 to $18. Sizes S.M.L. 38/44. 

TICKETED 
$6 AND $7 

NEW SHIPMENT! 

Knit Tops and Tank Tops 

 i i 9a' 

Spring cmd Summer styles. Ir­ regulars made to sell to $15 
Sizes S-M-t. 

TICKETED $5 

S.M .L.XL. Limit 4. 

Men’s Short Sleeve Knit Shirts 
Irregulars and first quality. Pullover crew neck, collar model and tank top styles. Novelties, solids with contrast trim and stripes. Terries, Polyester/cotton blends and 1oo% polyester, ll 
Sizes S.M.L,XL. 

Girls’ Long or Short Dresses & Jumpsuits 
Irregulars and firsts made to 
, sell to $2o. Sizes 4/14. 
TICKETED $5 TO $1 ()••••.• 

INFANTS’ AND TODDLERS’ 
Spring Pant Suits and Jumpsuits 

Irregulars of value to $15.98. Eosy- 

 tare polyester/cotton fabrics. Mony styles for boys and girls. Sizes 12 to 

 and 2 to 4. 

TICKETED $8 AND $9 
A 

REG. $5.98 
REG. $4.98 
REG. $3.98 
REG. $2.98 
$C o9 

4/* 

IO 
O * 

C S co 
4/* 

I O 
Ch 
J * 

MEN’S NO-FAULT 
Wrangler Denim Jeans 
12 

FINAL CLEARANCE! 
All Girls’ & 8oys’ Easter Shoes 

First quality. Our usual $13.96. Western yoke n m a back 5 pocket model 14 oz. plus heavy weight. 
^ 
A X 
Wrandom 35o denim. Choice of boot cup or 22” 
^ flared bottom. Shrink and wrinkle resistant. Sizes 
28-42. 
___ ‘ 

Polo Shirts 
Irregulars of value to $2.98. Polyester/cot­ ton knits. Short sleeve or tank 
^ _ tops. Solids, stripes, prints. 
4* ■ 9 o 
Sizes 12 to 18 and 2 to 4. 
I 
TICKETED $1.59............... 
I 

FAMOUS MAKER’S 
Support Panty Hose 

Irregulars o f value to $8. 
Polyester/cotton fabrics. ^ 
_ 
Nylon tricot. Solids or prints. 5 R 
I A 
Sizes S.M.L. rn 
TICKETED $3 ................ 
E m 

Seconds. 
Beigetone, .- 
Suntan and 
White. 
P-A T XT. 15% Span- dex and 8 5 % Nylon. 84* 
\ FAMOUS O N E-SIZE 

 f mny fwPSjg 

$7 AND $8 

LADIES’ AND TEENS’ BETTER IMPORTS AND § 
Famous Brand Shoes 

Mostly first quality to $35. Mostly genuine leather. Many are labels you recognize. All are spring colors and styles. Sizes 5 to IO. 

S 
A 
TICKETED $ 1 
TICKETED 
C l A 
. V 
$12........ 
I U 
$14 AND $15. • I A 

FAMOUS PARK AVENUE 
’'Under Wonders” 
Panty Hose 

Irregulars. Beigetone and assorted panties. A B C. 

FAMOUS MAKERS 
All Nude Panty Hose 
42’ 

Irregulars. 
Beigetone-Suntan. 
Off-Black others. A B C. 

$ 6 . 5 o S P R IN G S P E C IA L ! 

Nina Ricci Farouche 
N 
Eau de Toilette 

 m o t . . . * * V M M ................ 

Charles of the Ritz 
Milled Perfumed Soap a 

3-OZ. w r a p p e d .................... 4 
# 

$475 Dorothy Gray Specialise8 9 f 

4-OZ. Suture Moisture Crem e.................. 

2-oz.Tussy Deodorants.. 
. 
59 * | 

13-oz. Style Hair Spray.. .»LkVb 
79 * « 

4-oz. Long & Silky Conditioner f,T.L” 9 8 ’ | 

 page 
14-A p| 
Son Antonio £XP8E$S-NEW$— Sunday April 17 1977 
Sprague says death panel has 3 leads 

RICHARD SPRAGUE 

ASSOCIATED WIESS 
WASHINGTON - The House 
Select Committee on Assassina­ tions has at least three solid, worthwhile leads to follow in probing the deaths of President 
John F. Kennedy and Dr. Martin 
Luther King Jr., the panel’s ex-counsel said Saturday. 
Richard A. Sprague said the leads are only that — but they should be pursued. 
The co m m ittee’s c red ib ility w as damaged earlier this year when a dis­ pute between Sprague and the ch air­ man. Rep. Henry Gonzalez, D-Tex., ultim ately led to the resignation of both from the panel. 
But the big blow was accidental dis­ closure of an extraordinary March 17 strategy session. 
At th at m eetin g , c o m m itte e members worked out a scenario w hose aim s included public re le a se of rehashed information to m ake it ap ­ pear new and thus build pressure on 
House m em bers to vote to keep the panel alive. The House ultimately ex­ tended the committee through 1978. 
Sprague told a news conference last 

 week that he doubts a committee that, thinks in such term s can learn the facts behind the assa ssin a tio n s of 
Kennedy and King. 
Nevertheless, he said at the news conference and during an interview later that the com m ittee has these 

 worthwhile leads to pursue: 
• A memo from the late FBI Direc­ tor J. Edgar Hoover that Sprague speculates could m ean the CIA gave the Warren Commission and the public a phony story after Kennedy’s assassin nation to cover up CIA contacts with 
AMNESTY 

Continued from Page IA 

 speeches at the nearby Ellipse. All were in Spanish. 
Sponsors of the event had predicted that 5,ooo persons would attend the demonstration. Inspector A. D. Borah of the Park Police estim ated the crowd at the Lincoln Memorial at 3oo. 

The H ispanic groups have called upon Carter to issue an emancipation proclamation for an estim ated eight million illegal aliens, whom they refer to as undocumented persons. Many of them are of Mexican birth, but there are others from C entral and South 
America, Eastern Europe, Canada and the Orient. 
IliMliog* F lo r e s s p e a k s 

WASHINGTON — Among protest leaders outside the White House was 
Roman Catholic Bishop Patrick Flores of San Antonio, who opened the day with an ecumenical Mass pleading for human rights. 

“We are here to tell the government to give us a chance,” he said. ‘‘If 
Hispanics have given their lives to this country, the government can give their fathers and mothers, their brothers and sisters a chance. 

In 2oo years, we haven’t had one. This is what th is M archa de 
^Rfconocimiento (March for Recognition) is all about.” 
^ ^ 
Fred9 smessage to Rosa 

 view, with occasional segments from the siege tapes m ade by C arrasco talking by telephone with reporters at the prison. The 1974 siege tapes are in italics. 

EXPRESS-NEWS: You have ju st heard these tapes of the Express-News that you had requested. These inter­ views with various reporters and Fred were at the tim e of the siege. Is the voice on the tap es th at of your husband? 
ROSA: Well, it sounds like his. 
EXPRESS-NEWS: Are you pretty- sure it s him? 
ROSA: Yes, I believe so. 
NICHOLAS: 
You understand some of the questions which she m ight not understand completely or express her­ self com pletely she w ants Roy to interpret. She wants to give some of the answers in Spanish so that it’s fully understood. 
EXPRESS-NEW S: Okay. T h a t’s fine. You had no contact with Fred at any time during this siege? 
ROSA: No, sir. 
EXPRESS-NEWS: Did you have advance knowledge of the breakout attempt? 
ROSA: No. 
EXPRESS-NEWS: 
Did you furnish any weapons, like pistols, to Fred? 
ROSA: No, sir. 
EXPRESS-NEWS: Do you know why 
Fred got special treatm ent at Hunts­ ville, like why was he assigned to the 
Walls Unit, a minimum security unit? 
ROSA: No. I don’t know-. 
EXPRESS-NEWS: Fred mentioned on the tapes the special treatm ent he got at Bexar County Jail. Do you know why he received any special treatm ent at Bexar County Jail? 
ROSA: No, I don’t know. 
EXPRESS-NEW S: 
Do you re ­ m ember the Thanksgiving dinner you had with Fred in county jail in 1973? 
ROSA: 
Y es. I re m e m b e r the 
Thanksgiving dinner, but I don’t re­ m ember the year. 
EXPRESS-NEW S: 
Do you re ­ m em ber anything special about it, like going to the jail, or checking to make special arrangem ents with anybody? 
ROSA: No, I don't rem em ber. 

☆ ☆ ☆ 

REPORTER: W hen you were inside Bexar County Jail, a lot o f officials said you tvere still running your drug operation. And you re­ ceived a lot o f special treatment, . . 
. especially Thanksgiving dinner. 
CARRASCO : 
Yes. 
We had champagne and I had all the chiefs there a ith me. 

☆ ☆ ☆ 

EXPRESS-NEWS: 
On these tapes, 
Fred keeps saying several things over and over, that he did not want to be an obstacle to you. Was Fred an obstacle to you? 
ROSA: He was never an obstacle in my life. (Interpreted by B arrera.) 

☆ ☆ ☆ 

REPORTER: You want her to have her own life? 
CARRA SCO : R igh t, I don't u ant to be an obstacle to her. I don't believe this is the life for her. 
REPORTER: I understand some of the newspaper articles upset you. 
CARRASCO: Well, I mean it hasn't upset me. IC hat they say about me is one thing, you under­ stand, but what they say about my wife is a different thing. T h a ts what upsets me. 
. 
REPORTER: You're very close to her? 
CARRASCO: Well, we are very close. . . lo ya l. . . because I love my woman. 
REPORTER: Do you, in your heart, believe, your wife would want you d e a d rather than in prison? 
CARRASCO: lf ell. I'll put it this n ay. I know she would not want me dead. But I do not leant to be an obstacle to her. I. as a man, know that I would be robbing her o f her life. 
REPORTER: There's a saying in SfHinish . . . about the man at the head o f the family. So you know what 's best for her? 
CARRASCO: Right. I believe she will look at it that way. After 
I 'm dead and none, it will take her 

(juite a while for her to realize that 
I dill this, not to hurt her, I did not want to be an obstacle to her be­ cause living in here I II only be a vegetable for the rest of my life. I d be robbing her o f her life. 

☆ ☆ ☆ 

EXPRESS-NEWS: You say that the first time you heard about the prison siege was on the car radio in San 
Antonio and you called Fred’s attorney, 
Ruben Montemayor. Ruben said you might be needed in Huntsville. Why didn’t you go? Because Fred said not to go? 
NICHOLAS: 
I think you better get 
Ruben right on that because som e newspapers have been misquoting this. 
Ruben said he would like for her to go to H untsville to persuade F red to surrender, but she had reservations about it. And she didn’t agree to go with him. Ruben told her there is a possibility they may involve you in this, but if you go, they will know you were not involved. Is that correct, Rosa? 
ROSA: Yes. 

☆ ☆ ☆ 

REPORTER: You obviously do not leant her-to come here? 
CARRASCO: /Vo. Not even to come or help. Nothing. 

☆ ☆ ☆ 

EXPRESS-NEWS: Fred also said on these tapes that he didn’t believe hav­ ing him in prison was the life for you. 
Maybe that was one of the reasons for the breakout attempt. Fred said sever­ al times on the tapes, “ I'd be robbing her of her life.” Did Fred rob you of your life in anyway? 
ROSA: I don’t believe so. 
EXPRESS-NEWS: Fred said on the tape one tim e that he was loyal to you. 
Do you believe he was loyal to you? 
ROSA: 
Yes, I believe he was. (In­ terpreted by Barrera.) 
EXPRESS-NEWS: 
Fred also said that the plea in Corpus Christi where he took life in jail for the charges against you being dropped might have been a m istak e. Do you think it w as a mistake? 
ROSA: 
F ra n k ly , I d o n ’t know whether it was a mistake or not be­ cause frankly it was he who decided to do this. I don’t know'. (Interpreted by 
B arrera.) 
NICHOLAS: 
In other words, F’red decided, not the lawyers. Is that right? 
ROSA: Frankly, I don’t know. But he said he was going to do this because he didn’t believe I was guilty. And he didn’t want me involved in this and didn’t want me behind bars. (In te r­ preted by B arrera.) 

EXPRESS-NEWS: That’s what Fred told you? 
ROSA: Yes. 

☆ ☆ ☆ 

REPORTER: You knew when you took the plea, you'd be in for life. But you did it for her. . . 
CARRASCO: True. But that was a mistake. Because I'm going out of here whether it is alive or dead. 
REPOR TER: You copped a plea of guilty in exchange for your wife. 
Why? ' 
CARRASCO: Wouldn't you do the same thing under the circum­ stances? 
REPORTER: In other words,, you gave your life so your wife could have hers? 
CARRASCO: Right. 

☆ ☆ ☆ 

EXPRESS-NEWS: Fred also said on these tapes he wanted you to find an­ other life, a peaceful life. Have you found that peaceful life today? 
ROSA: 
I don’t believe Til find it because I don’t believe I could love another man the way I love him . . . happiness is when a man and a woman love each other. (Interpreted by Bar­ rera.) 
EXPRESS-NEWS: Fred said on the tapes that he’d been a headache to you. 
Was he a headache to you? 
ROSA: No, sir. 
EXPRESS-NEWS: 
Fred also said you deserved another life. Do you be­ lieve you’re finding It? 
ROSA: Well, I was very happy with him. (Interpreted by Barrera.) 

☆ ☆ ☆ 

REPORTER: She feels strongly about you. Doesn t she? Has it al­ ways been that way? 
CARRASCO: Correct. Bul I said this and I say again, being in here and serving life, I d just be an ob­ stacle to her. I'd rather see her find another life, a peaceful life which she really deserves. Because Eve always been a headache to her . . . 
I'm a man o f m y word and I d rather die than break my word. 

☆ ☆ ☆ 

EXPRESS-NEWS: Fred said he'd rather die than face this humiliation. 
Do you believe that? 
ROSA: Well, he said it. Ifs clear that obviously he preferred to die. (Inter­ preted by B arrera.) 
EXPRESS-NEWS: Fred said there was no way he would surrender. Did 

 you believe him? Was that one of the reasons you didn't go to Huntsville? 
ROSA: Frankly, I believe so because he was a man of his word. (Interpreted by Barrera.) 
EXPRESS-NEWS: 
Today, do you think you did the right thing in not going to Huntsville? 
ROSA: Yes, I believe so. 

☆ ☆ ☆ 

REPO RTER: Still, though. 
Fred, the thing that kept running through my mind was that the wo­ man loves you, that's obvious or she wouldn't have sta y e d with you through all o f the trouble. This woman is obviously very much in love with you. Golly, I just can't believe she would really want to see anything happen to you. 
CAR RASCO: 
I'm sure she wouldn't, but I'm a Mexican anil 
I d rather die than face this humi­ liation. 
REPORTER: I know that's a very proud, proud race. Fred. 
CARRASCO: There is no way I will surrender. Even if asked by my mother, my wife or her niece. There is no way I will surrender. 
REPO RTER: 
Three g u ys 
(Carrasco, Dominguez and Ignacio 
Cuevas) will hold together? 
CARRASCO: Unto death. We have given ourselves the abrazos. 
Only death will break it. 

☆ ☆ ☆ 

EXPRESS-NEWS: Fred also said he considered himself a vengeful person. 
Did you? 
ROSA: No. I don’t believe he was. 
EXPRESS-NEWS: 
Fred said he wanted you to educate the children. 
How are you seeing that the children are educated today? 
ROSA: My relatives are the ones who are sending them to school. 
EXPRESS-NEWS: Are they going to public school in Bexar County? 
ROSA: Yes. 
EXPRESS-NEW S: W hat’s th e ir reaction to your being back? Are they happy? 
ROSA: 
Yes, they sure are very happy. 
"EXPRESS-NEWS: 
Have you been able to spend much time with them? 
ROSA: 
Not too much time, about three days at the most. 
EXPRESS-NEWS: Did you ever get in touch with them during your 2Vfc years of hiding? 
ROSA: No, sir. 
EXPRESS-NEWS: Do the children express any reaction at all to the stories about Fred’s life or about you? 
ROSA: Y es, the older one, because 

Lee Harvey Oswald. 
• Jam es Earl Ray’s story to com ­ mittee investigators that he had out­ side help before the assassination of 
King, and that he was offered a contact after the assassination but did not use it. 
• The statem ent of a nurse who was in the emergency room that “ too much lead” was removed from form er Gov. 
John Connally to support the W arren 
Commission’s conclusion that Oswald alone killed Kennedy and wounded 
( onnaib 
C o n t r a ( Hc $s 

Sprague said the Hoover m em oran­ dum contradicts the CIA’s story that it tape-recorded Lee Harvey Oswald try­ ing to contact Soviet and Cuban em ­ bassies in M exicdX ffy before K en­ nedy's assassination. 
He quoted the memo as saying FBI agents who knew O sw ald’s voice listened to the tapes after the assas­ sination — contrary to the CIA’s story that it erased them before the assas­ sination — and that the agents con­ cluded the voice was not Oswald's. 

Sprague speculated that could mean the CIA was trying to cover up its own contacts with Oswald. 
“ An area of speculation.” he said, 
“ is that in showing that Oswald was in 
Mexico City, you contradict other tes­ timony, and there is other evidence, uncorroborated, placing O swald in 
Dallas and associating with a CIA agent.” 
A CIA spokesm an declined co m ­ ment. 
Sprague said the committee staff in­ terviews with Ray also are producing worthwhile evidence — not a rehash — about the King assassination, although that evidence obviously is Ray’s own uncorroborated story. 
He said Ray has told investigators that before the King assassination Ray. got aid from at least two persons who were not relatives and was offered a th ird person to contact a fte r the killing. 
Ray’s lawyer, Jack K ershaw , said 
Ray told the investigators he did not contact the third person after the as­ sassination, however. 

Jiff 
FO. JU 
Rosa Carrasco listens passively to tape recordings of her late husband’s voice 

Sometimes straining to catch every word, Rosa and her attorneys, Anthony Nicholas, left, and Roy Barrera, listen to Express-News recordings made, during the 1974 prison siege. — 
Staff Photos by Jose Barrera 

 she already knows how to read. Well, they don’t believe any of this is true, especially the big one. because Fred never had occasion to beat them. (In­ terpreted bv B arrera). 
EXPRESS-NEWS: 
On these tapes 
F’red made a comment he was sacri­ ficing his life for you. Did he sacrifice his life for you, do you think? 
ROSA: Yes, I believe so. 

☆ ☆ ☆ 
REPORTER: Apparently this is the point where you've said I make the decision, not her. And if I die, I die, and she has to live on the rest o f her li fe. 
CARRASCO: Yes, because, well, let me put it this way. I'm a sensible man. She's human, and I d rather she found a new life and a happy life, educate the children, and live her life. I love her, but like I sacri­ ficed m y life for her, now I'm .sa­ crificing my life, physically, again. 

☆ ☆ ☆ 

EXPRESS-NEWS: 
Rosa, are you happy today? 
ROSA: Yes, I am happy, in the sense that I am relieved because of this that recently happened. (Interpreted by 
B arrera.) 
EXPRESS-NEWS: Your surrender­ ing and the charges against you being dropped? 
ROSA: Yes. 
EXPRESS-NEWS: Do you ever plan to go back to school yourself, to further your education? 
ROSA: 
Yes, I would like to follow some simple career. (Interpreted by 
Barrera.) 
EXPRESS-NEWS: 
How are you supporting yourself today? 
ROSA: 
My brother is helping me. 
And a sister of mine. 
EXPRESS-NEWS: 
W hat do you think about all this publicity about you? 
ROSA: Well, I don’t know what to say. I guess it’s too much, and yet I don’t know. I guess so because differ­ ent commentaries have been made like the radio stations have said if I don’t have any money, how can I have three lawyers? (Interpreted by Barrera). 
EXPRESS-NEWS: Do you ever plan to go back to Mexico? 
' 
ROSA: No, sir. 
EXPRESS-NEWS: 
After hearing these tapes and what you’ve been through in the last few weeks, if you had it to do all over again, would you still run away? 
. ROSA: Well.no, but I knew full well I was not guilty, but, well, now I have come to you all (the attorneys) and you have made me understand that I didn't really have these charges and I didn’t have to face these charges, in view of this, I would not have run away. 
(Interpreted by B arrera). 

☆ ☆ ☆ 

REPORTER: I f you could give 
Rosa a message, what would you say to her? 
CARRASCO: Well, yes, if I die in what I rn doing right now that 
I II die with her name on my tongue. 

☆ ☆ ☆ 

Rosa was charged on July 27, 1974, during the siege, with helping provide her husband with a pistol used in the escape attem pt. 

W alker County Dist. Atty. Je rry 
Sandel, after questioning Rosa for four hours on April 6, said he would ask the 
Walker County Grand Jury to no-bill her. 
Nicholas charged the complaint filed during the time of the siege was a panic complaint, possibly to force Rosa to go to H untsville to talk C arrasco into surrendering. 
The Express-N ew s reported last 
Sunday that Rosa said she fled to Pie­ dras Negras on July 26, 1974, the third day of the siege, and stayed there for several months before going south to 
Guanajuato, an isolated silver mining town in Central Mexico. 

Coining back 

She said she returned to P iedras 
Negras last December and contacted a brother, who in turn contacted attor­ neys in San Antonio. They negotiated 
Rosa’s peaceful surrender April 4. She was placed under a $1oo,ooo bond which the attorneys posted. The bond is in force until charges in W alker 
County are dropped. 
D uring the first interview , Rosa denied she was the m asterm ind or knew anything about C arrasco’a far­ flung heroin and drug operations. 
She said she didn’t go to Huntsville because Carrasco told her mother for 
Rosa not to com e and because she feared Carrasco might kill her if she helped authorities in forcing Carrasco to surrender. 
Rosa said she left her children with her mother in the small Bexar County com m unity of Macdona, where Rosa was born 29 years ago. 
She said she returned to San Antonio because of her children. 
Rosa also denied she has any money left from Carrasco’s drug em pire and said she’s paying her attorneys with about $1o,oo(1 worth of property she owns in Macdona plus book and movie rights to her story. 
Rosa’s first child was Lorraine, 12, who Rosa said Carrasco accepted as his own, but was apparently never le­ gally adopted. Her second child, Leti­ cia, was born in 1969. Her third child is 
F]miliano, 4, who was born in Guada­ lajara, Mexico. 
D uring the tape playback session 
Rosa never asked to rehear anything but her attorneys twice asked for two sections to be replayed. 

Replays 

One of tile sections concerned Car­ rasco’s rem arks to Rosa about educat­ ing the children and sacrificing his life. The second segm ent concerned 
Carrasco’s rem ark about the 1973 
T hanksgiving Day dinner in Bexar 
County Jail. 
In that rem ark, Carrasco said he had dinner with his wife and his “ chiefs.” 
The dinner caused a storm of con­ troversy when newspapers learned of the sumptuous meal served Carrasco and his guests while Carrasco was a prisoner. 
Conflicting accounts of the dinner make an accurate guest list difficult to com pile. V ariously listed as being present were Rosa and a daughter, then-Jail Capt. Ray Olivarri, a jail ho­ spital nurse, two of Carrasco’s attor­ neys and a Carrasco half-brother. Juan 
Zamora. 
Zamora has been identified by law enforcement officials as a “ vice presi­ dent” in Carrasco’s organization. 
Some accounts had Olivarri serving the meal but he has denied it. Olivarri has since been prom oted to jail ad­ ministrator. 

****** 
... 

..... 

 v-. y feVwnwwiift <& vVl ,'vi- > 
^ i^WWW W ii 

' 
..................." ........................................‘ 
, v •■........................ ii 

H 
San Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— Sunday April 17 1977 
Kills show off talent 

TAKING IN the Schoofympics a t Northside Stadium, and a raspa, is 2 -year-o ld Lisa Campos 
S.A. public library plans 
Library Week programs 

How does one observe urday? By going to a 
National Library Week public library and bor- 
Sunday through 
Sat- rowing som e books, 
McKinney gets prom otion 

Wilson McKinney has been named an assistant city editor of the San Antonio 
Express, Fane L. Burt, managing editor, announced Saturday. 
McKinney joins David 
Anthony Richelieu and 
Jam es R. Price as assis­ tant city editors of the morning naoer. 
McKinney, 35, has been with the E x p re ss and 
News since 197o. He has served in various posi­ tions in the newsroom, including a stint as busi­ ness editor. 
Trinity 

A 1964 g ra d u a te of 
T rinity 
U n iversity, 
McKinney serv ed five years in the Army as an intelligence officer before returning to San 
Antonio. 
He cu rren tly is co m ­ mander of the 345th Pub­ lic Affairs Detachment, an Army Reserve unit at 
Ft. Sam Houston. 
McKinney, his wife, 
S andra, and d a u g h te r live at 35o1 
Pin 
Oak 
Drive. 
WILSON MCKINNEY 

Volunteers to be honored 

The contributions and accomplishments of vo­ lunteers will be saluted during National Volun­ te e r 
Week 
A pril 
24 through April 3o. 

The observance is sponsored by the Nation­ 

 al Center for Voluntary 
Action, a national non­ profit organization to sti­ mulate and strengthen v oluntary activities. 
The volunteer action center is heading up Vo­ lunteer Week activities locally. 

 that s how. 
The San Antonio Public 
Library in addition will present three special programs to promote li­ brary use for information and pleasure. 

The adult filmfare will include “ The H ottest 
Spot in Town,” at 12:15 p.m. and 7 p.m. Tuesday in the Main Library Au­ ditorium. 
Puppet shows 

The Young P eo p le’s 
Department will present puppet shows Saturday entitled “ The Fox and the Hare” at 2:3o p.m. in the Main L ib rary and 
“ The Gingerbread Man” at 3 p.m . at Oakwell 
Branch Library. 

The Main Library and each branch library will have special displays to focus on public aw a re­ ness of the many mater­ ials and services availa­ ble in the public library system. 

Hill to talk at college 

Texas Atty. Gen. John 
Hill will d iscu ss con­ sumer protection and the prisoner exchange pro­ gram with Mexico at 4:3o p.m . 
Monday at 
St. 
Mary's University. 

Hill will address the St. 
M ary ’s 
U niversity 
Student B ar Assn. in 
Room 1o4 of the Law 
Lecture Halls. 

An informal question and answer session will follow in the university’s 
C ontinuing E ducation 
Center courtyard. 

The talk is open to the public. 
Ruling pends in death 

A ruling is pending in the death of a 5o-year-old 
San Antonio man. 
Police said 
F ra n k 
Seinlinger of 48o1 Gold­ 

 field Drive died Friday in a local hospital. 
The man was admitted 
Wednesday at Northeast 
Baptist Hospital after 

 receiving a gunshot wound to the head. 
Officers said the in­ cident occurred in the m an’s residence. 
IANTIQUE AUCTIONl 

4 3 5 Isom Rd., Suite 2 2 o, San Antonio 
S unday, April I 7 s ta r t 1 :o o P.M. 
M o n d ay , April 18 s ta r t 7 :o o P.M. 

Extremely important bronze figure of a Confederate Soldier, signed. The most outstanding 
Regulator Clock w e ’ve ever auctioned. Choice Music Box. Single-chain Skeleton Clock. 3- weight Westminster Grandfather Clock. 2-Piller 4-leaf Yew-wood Dining Table. Roll-top 
Desks. Revolving Bookcase. Bentwood Costumer. Small Toll-top Davenport Desk. Pine 
Desk. Epergnes. Bamboo Plant Stand & tables. Drawleaf & Dropleaf Tables. Wash-stands. 
Sideboards. Hall Trees. Carnival Glass. Pair Broad-Arm Windsor Chairs with Yew-wood 
Spalts. 2 o o Pieces of Stained-Glass Windows & Panels. Collection of fine Oriental Rugs. 
Mirrors. Cloisonne. Wedgwood. Important stained-glass panel (Lady playing Violin.) D e­ vil’s head Bracket. Bamboo Cabinet. Satsuma Vases, Ebony Credenza with brass inlay. 
Double-sided Cheval Mirror. Stacked Bookcase. Cocktail Cabinet. Tea Trolleys. Ship's 
Commode. Curio Cabinets. Pub Mirrors 
Brass Bed. Day Bed. Nests of tables. W all 
Cabinets. Pump O rgan. Pianos. Pub Tables. Music Cabinets. Fine ormolu-mounted blue vase. 
Gram ophone. 
Dental Cabinet. 
Floral oil painting. 
Mahogany 
China Cabinet. 
Jardinere on stand. Pair Coach Lamps. Assorted brassware. HUNDREDS OF OTHER 
CHOICE ARTICLES— O N E OF OUR FINEST A UC TIO N S. 

Bill Peyton & Carroll Lagle, Auctioneers 
Texas License Numbers TxG5-77-oo65 and TxGS-77-oo66 

IPIYToN-LAGLE AUCTION GALLERY! 

It was running, jumping, dancing, music, artwork and more at Northside 
Stadium Saturday, as youngsters from 
Northside School District participated in the Schoolympics. 

SHAVONNE ASHLEY checks her form as her Glen Oaks 
Elementary School group dances “ The N utcracker1’ 

D A V ID 
LEW w atches fe s tiv i­ tie s in g arb r e ­ fle c tin g his e th ­ nic origin 

STAFF PHOTOS BY STEVE CAMPBEII 
Anemia tests scheduled 
In a concentrated effort to establish public aw areness, the Bexar 
County Anemia Assn. will be screening all in­ terested persons for both nutritional and genetic anemias Monday. 
The screening will take place at IO a.m. in Room 
1o3o2 of the Science Edu­ cation Building at the 
University of Texas at 
San Antonio. 

Important Notice Regarding 
M ontgom ery Ward Color 
Section Advertisement in 
Today's Paper 
Due to a shipping delay, we will not have sufficient stock of the Article No. 3o14 
I V2 -gallon sprayer selling for 1o.88 in today’s pre-printed advertisement. We will honor our advertised price on a customer order basis. We regret any inconvenience this may cause you. 

/VU IN K .( ) VU KY 
IVVid ti BJ 

Shop the GENERAL NUTRITION CENTER Store Nearest You— N O W THRU APRIL 3oTH! 

• 516 E. HO USTO N ST. 
• MCCRELESS 
• CENTRAL PARK 
• SO. PARK M ALL 
• W IN D SO R PA R K 
• HIGHLAND MALL 

MoN.-1RI. 9-7, SAT. 9:3o-6, 
DAILY TO 9 
DAILY 1o-9 
DAILY 1o-9 
DAILY 1o-9 
SUN. 1-5 

5oo mg. I , 

 with 
Rose 
Hips $199 

I IOO 

5oomg. 2N5?3 

25o-S4 75 
1ooo mg. 992 

 with 
Rose 
Hips $ o 4 9 

1oo 

25o-S8 39 

Ascorbic 
Acid 
9 5 * 
IOO 

1ooo mg. 2 5 1 1 
$ 1 9 8 

Ascorbic I 1oO 

Ac,d 
5oo-SS.75 
PROTEIN VALUE! 
LIQUID PROTEIN 

 r * 
PREDIGESTED 
SOLUBLE 
15 Grams of Predigested 
Protein per ounce 
PLEASANT TASTING 

16 oz. 
32 oz. 

$ o 5 ° $ 1 2 ° ° 

Vt GAL. 
1 GAL. 
$ 2 3 .o o 
$ 4 o .o o 

BLOOD PRESSURE TESTER SOC 

Doctor develops home treatment that 
Rinses Away 
Blackheads in 15 minutes 

See B lackheads " W ip e O ff” A fter a S ingle Q ueen 
H elen e 3-W ay SKIN TR EATM ENT 

1 Apply W hipped Cleansing Cream to soften pore- caked o rt 
2 Smooth on M edicated Mint M asque Le! 
M asque Harden Feel its powerful drawing action gently pull out blackheads and other pore impurities 
3 Rinse oft the M asque and apply Mint Julep Astringent to help close pores and tone-up your complexion 
No. 224 
Complete Kit $5.oo 
COMPARE & SAVE! 

1ooI.U. 
Capsules 
IOO 

25o 

$1.19 

4oo LU. 9n9°, 
Capsules 
5 o * ss.*! IOO 

2ooI.U. 
Capsules 

No 
995 
1ooQI.U. No 

25o 

5 3 .6 9 

Capsules 
989 

$ 1 « K $ C 9 9 

H IOO $13.88 
IOO 

LIQUID 
Protein 

 fiE S S 

MILLERS UNPROCESSED 
BRAN7 oz. 

 s r / a s g r * l l BY 
“ MAIL 
4 5 « 

6 9 c 

Rich in 
Dietary 
Fiber 
NOT 
16 OZ. 

 c o m p a r e S q u i b b 
Theragran-M to Supertron 
V UI T I VITAMINS 
WITH MINE HAI S 
SAMI 
I OHMu I A 
?i)o 54 9o 

COMPARE Squibb 
Theragran to 
Therapeutic 
Multi-Vitamins 
SA WL 
FORMULA 

IOO $ 1 7 9 

B-Complex ,oo $5.45 
5o mg in 8 FACTORS 
2 5 o - $13 OO 

C O M PAH t 
A R G E N T O L to 
GERI-GEN 
LIQUID 
S A M I 
FO RM ULA 
16 OZ $ 1 8 5 

C O M P A H t 
GERIToL to 
GERI-GEN 

SAM I 
FORMULA 

IOO 98o 

VEL-o-CEL a-» 
INSTANT BRAND NATURAL BULK PRODUCER 
FOR RELIEF OF CONSTIPATION 
COMPARE TO METAMUCIL 
O F o r 
PRICED AT UP TO S3 89 
T ' X' 
FOR A SMALLER (1A OZ ) SIZE 
>5.oo 

16 OZ 
$2* 

Natural Multi-Vitamins 
PREVENTRoN 
WITH ZINC 

( O MPAHf 
MILES 
oNE-A-DAY to UNI-GEN 
89o 

SAME f OR M U I A 

IOO 

E 

(OMPAHI M i l e s 
CHOCKS plus 
IRONtoNUTRI 
CHEWS WITH 
IRON $ 1 7 9 

SAMI 
F O R M U L A ^ 

XAIUABU GNC COUPON f e j.iv 
THOMPSON 
RAISINS 

Seedless $ 1 * 9 
Delicious 
1 
YOU SAVE 
1 lb. Reg. $1.69 
2oc 

 s’” 4 LIMIT ONE EXPIRES APRI! 3o 
X.lif 'n j 
»Ai uAnu CNC coupon 

A P P L E B R A N 
£ 
UM | | A 
GRANOLA5 ! o9 
S W F FT FN FD W ITH 
® 
SWEETENED WITH 
HONEY 
16 OZ. 
YOU SAVE IOC 

^ A i ^ g r n B i T O W 
EXPIRES APRIL 3o 1977 

VAI UABl t GXC COUPON 

TUPELO 
HONEY 
51b. CAN 
$599 

SAVE SI.96 

Limn ONE EXPIRES APRil 3o 1977 ^ " 4 
^ 

ORIENTAL 
oNS8K 
CAPSULES 

25o 5o Reg. $3.95 $ 2 .6 5 mg too Reg. $7.5o $4.95 

VAIUABU CNC COUPON 

WHOLE GRAIN 
BREAD 
ALL BRANDS 
IO* 
OFF 
ANY LOAF 

LIMIT OWE. EXPIRED APRIt 3o 1977 jg g T L g l-1 * 

VAI UABIE CTC COUPON 
Barbeque or Onion flavored 
Sunflower si.o9 
Kernels o 
EACH 

S U 

OZ 
YOU SAVE 3oc 
L 
UM I! ONE EXPIRES APRIL 3o. 1977 friV ■Ci'C L i# 

VAtUABU GNC COUPON 
CALIFORNIA 
EXTRA LARGE 
PRUNES 
2 /$ - |ll9 
1 lb. 
Reg. 

83C 

.L g rtY g iililS tLIMIT TWO. EXPIRES APRIC 3o 1 9 7 7 ^ ^ ^ 

• Fast 
Weight Loss 

“GRAPEFRUIT" DIET PLAN 
Eat No Grapefruit... and Enjoy 3 
Tasty Meals Daily. 

Our "Grapefruit" diet pill con­ tains natural grapefruit es­ sence. fortified with 1oo% of 
RDA of Vitamins C and E, plus one of the strongest diet aids available without a doc­ tor's prescription! Includes complete menus for a nutri­ tionally sound and balanced 
3-meals-a-day plan 
18o (3o day supply) 
$5.49 

9o 
{15 day supply) 
$ o 9 8 

Famous Diet Formula theAllinONE 
Kelp, Lecithin, Cider 
Vinegar, Vitamin B*6 
Tablet. 

A m erica’s M ostW antedForm ulation! 

1oo-SI.49 
5oo-$6.88 

COMPARE 
ANO 
SAVE! 
Now Feed 
Your Hair! 
...it may be starving for certain vitamins and minerals 

Now, there is a way to nounsh Lour hair to protect its healthy growth Our new NGX HIS! I AIR supplier a barber'-, dozen of minerals and vitamin in a daily ration, carefully balanced to prov ide nutntionai factors that your hair may he lacking' Just check the formula non . and youlf quickly see how a tablet a day may help feed your hair' 
5o-Day Supply U t l l y $ 9 * 9 5 

 w m w m 

“ M O D E L E T T S H E L P S C U R B Y O U R A P P E T IT E H E L P S YOU 
L O S E T H A T E X T R A W E IG H T • N O C A L O R I E C O U N T I N G 1 
• f i O E X E R C IS E S ' • N O S P E C IA L D IE T S ' 
Thanks to a group of New York doctors you can now lose pounds of ugly fat without going on any special diet. witnout cutting out any special foods 
HELPS REDUCE HUNGRY MOM ENTS 
These New York doctors discovered a food adjuvant called ' MODEL­ 
E R S " " M odel-efts' does remarkable things It helps you cut down your caloric intake by a natural automatic curbing of the appetite and of the desire for foods, resulting automatically in a reduced intake of food 
The doctors carefully checked results, and here is what they found 
I of o t ligh t 
Model efts" is absolutely safe It is a food adjuvant-n o t a drug so. 

Weight losses of 6 to 2o pounds without any ill effects whatsoever 
2 96% of the men and women who used 
Model efts'' lost weight 

 start today to shed those unwanted pounds and inches lf your condi­ tion is glandular or organic, see your doctor 
M odel-etls may help you stay on the diet your doctor recommends Ask him about it 
One M odeletts Wafer has the hunger tying capacity of boiled potatoes eggs or 5 slices of white bread yet it contains only 6 calories 

2 MONTH 
A M i 
SUPPLY o n I 

No. 787 $ 5 

 i n l y 

. o o 

MILLERS 
UNPROCESSED 
4 OZ. 
BAG 
BRAN 
9 $ 

YOU SAVE 16C 

LIMIT ONE EXPIRES APRIL TO. 1977 

VAIUABU GNC COUPON 

OLD FASHIONED 
■ 
GRANOLA 4 9 * 
1 lb. Bag you SAV| 3oc 

 a & liic g fc iffj LIMIT ONE EXPIRES ABBIE IO. 1977 

VAI UABU CNC COUPON 
Party Mix 7 Q o 

Salted or 
■ 
Plain 9 OZ 
YOU SAVE 5oC 

 y k t.'i& ’K'QA 
LIMIT ONI EXPIRES APRIL 38.1977 

VAI DABU CNC COUPON 

ROLLED RYE 
CEREAL o 9 ° 
14 OZ. 
YOU SAVE 15C 

 tlw itO N f EXPIRES APRIL 9o 1977 

 vA iuA Bu CNC c o u p o n 
LOW SODIUM 
CORN 
8o2 
FLAKES 
YOU SAVE 12C 
4 7 * 

I IMH ONE EXPIRES APRIL3o 1977 fr-iXLSV l ! 

 vA iu tB it c n c c o u p o n 
Is 
VY 
- 4 
LIMIT ONI EXPIRES APRI! 3o 1977 f r g m '’< 

TOASTED 
^ 
SOYBEANS 6 9 * 
5 Varieties 
12 OZ 
YOU SAVE 2oC I 

VAIUABU GNC COUPON 

OLDFASHIONED 
PEANUT 
BUTTER 

16 
OZ 8 9 * 

YOU SAVE IOC 

LIMIT ONI EXPIRES APRIL IO 1977 'f r y ; 'LTC L i 

VAIUABU GNC COUPON 
I# i g j y . 

R A IS IN BRAN 
GRANOLA g cereal 
13 OZ you SAVE 4oC 

 if f j EIMIX ONE EXPIRES APRI1 3o 1977 j r j X l g r 

 v tiu A B u CNC c o u p o n 
6 PAPAYA 
Concentrate 
32 OZ. 

^ . . L i ’f t a J MAUT ONE EXPIRES ARRIE JO 1977 fr iV L S ^ L ife 
$2» 

YOU SAVE 2oC 

Toasted 
Wheat 
Germ «<*. 5 9 * 

YOU SAVE IOC 

LIMIT ONI EXPIRES ARRIE 3o. 1977 

VAIUABU GNC COURON t & y S t iU g if l 
I 
Ift 
■ if 
'A 

LIMIT TWO EXPIRES ARRIE 3o~i977 

: r j 
VAIUABU CNC COURON 

Ste vs 
Ip! 
12 OZ 

COCONUT 
^ 
< i l Q 
Macaroons^!1 

YOU SAVE 2oc 

LIMIT ONI. EXPIRES APRIL 3o. 1977 j r j y y -'> 

VAIUABU CHC COURON 

 f a r m ' fr esh 
EGGS 
6 6 
GRADE “A" LARGE 
DOZ. 

EIWITONE EXPIRES ARBIL 3o 1977 

San Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— Sunday April 17 I 9 77 
^a9e 
Mexico relaxes drug laws 

Jim m y's brother is doing all right 

NEW YORK TIMES SERVICE 
MEXICO CITY - In an unexpected easing of its tough an tid ru g law s, 
Mexico has decided to drop c h a rg e s a g a in st persons ca u g h t with small amounts of m ari­ juana, cocaine or heroin. 
So far 15 A m ericans have been q u ietly re ­ leased from jail here and sent back to the United 
S tates; 2o to 3o m ore 
Americans are expected to benefit from the new m easu res - in com ing weeks. 

Making the announce­ ment, Attorney General 
'O scar 
Flores 
Sanchez said ch arges would be dropped — and, in the future, not be pressed — when d ru g q u an tities seized are commensurate with “ normal” personal use. 

“ It s absurd to put so­ meone in jail for several years for possessing 4o gram s of m arijuana,” he said. “ And if he’s a her­ oin addict, he may have to have his daily shot. 

It’s absurd to put someone in jail for several years Jo r possessing 4o grams o f marijuana 

But if they’re traffickers, they’ll stay inside. The ones that g et cau g h t, though, are usually the small fry.” 

About 2,ooo M exicans and foreigners should be freed as a result of the 

 policy change. Those who have already been tried and sentenced for pos­ session, how ever, will have to serve their prison term s, which norm ally range from 5 to 14 years. 

At present, 592 Am eri­ 

 can s are being held in 
M exican jails, m ost of them on charges of pos­ session of or trafficking in drugs. Last year, the 
United States and Mexico signed a tre a ty under which A m erican s sen ­ tenced here could serve 

 at home. The treaty still must be sent to the Unit­ ed States Senate for rati­ fication. 

L ast fall, a bill w as sent to the Mexican Con­ gress allowing drug of­ fenders to be released on parole for the first time, but the bill w as not adopted. If the prisoner exchange treaty wen1 in e ffe c t, th ou g h ,, about one-third of the 
A m erican s would be immediately eligible for 

 parole in the United 
States. 

In the past. Americans arrested here have fre ­ quently com plained of extortio n , rough tr e a t­ ment and even torture at the hands of police. But sin ce P resid en t Jo s e 
Lopez Portillo took office four months ago, the go­ vernment has reportedly made a special effort to in su re h u m an itarian treatm ent of detainees, particularly foreigners. 

Competitor 

Despite having no left leg and a brace on his right leg, Kenneth Archer, 28, Akron, 
Ohio, plans to compete in the 26-mile 
Boston Marathon Monday. Archer and 
I o other disabled competitors will try to complete the grueling course in wheel­ chairs. Archer's legs were crushed in a traffic accident. — AP Wirephoto. 

 w a s h i n g t o n p o s t s e r v ic e 
The swamp buggy racers in Naples, Flu., w’ere getting all geared up for next week­ end’s annual charity event, until they 
• found out $1o,ooo was going to one of the drivers — Billy Carter. 
So all the drivers have pulled out of the event, and Billy Carter will at­ tend the Farm City B ar­ becue in nearby 
Imo- kalee — still for $1o,ooo. 
. Ju st Friday as it hap­ pens, Billy was stomping around the grounds of the 
A rizona S tate F a i r in 
Tucson — for which he was paid $1o,ooo, accord­ ing to one member of the fair committee. 
And if things keep go­ ing like this, he stands to make more money than his slightly better-known brother, whose presiden­ tial salary is $2oo,ooo. 
• Tandy R ice, a N ash ­ ville agent retain ed in 
Feb ru ary to coordinate 
Billy C arter’s bookings, says he has “ at least one appearance a week lined up for the future.” 
Guest 
• Rice wouldn’t say how- fa r into the future the bookings run. “ He ju st attends these things as a g u est of h on or,” said 
Rice, who also m anages co u n try and w estern singers Kitty Wells and 
Tom T. Hall. “ T h ese people co n tact‘us. And th e y ’re continuing to contact us. That’s all 1 11 say .” 
Rice also wouldn’t con­ firm B illy C arter g e ts 
$1o,ooo for all his a p ­ pearances, although in­ dividuals in Florida and 
Arizona who were involved in g e ttin g 
C a rte r to visit th e ir 

BILLY CARTER events said Rice quoted them a standard fee of 
$1o,(M)o. 
“ When you g et righ t down to it, Billy C arter is a bargain at $ 1 o ,o o o ,” said Bob M oates, who was involved in the Flor ida negotiations. “ He at­ tracts a lot of people.” 
The 
W hite 
H ouse, where Billy C arter does not get $1o,ooo to appear, had little to say. 
“ I don’t have any com ­ ment on Billy’s personal business,” said press se­ c re ta ry Jod y P o w ell. 
“ He’s not doing anything illegal, is he? Is hrs agent handling him any differ­ ent than a g en ts for new spaper people who a re getting le ctu re fees?” 
Billy Carter could not be reached for comm ent. 
Tuna boats facing sale 

NEW YORK TIMES SERVICE 
SAN DIEGO - Saudi 
Arabian oil interests and the Mexican government a re com peting to take over a large part of the 
A m erican tuna fle e t, which is immobilized at dockside here in a dis­ pute over federal restric­ tions on its operations. 
T he fleet has been beached since late F e ­ b ru a ry , p ro testin g a ruling of the N ational 
Marine Fisheries Service reducing from 96,1oo to 
59,o5o the number of porpoises that can be a c­ cid en tally killed each year when they become ensnared in the seiners’ huge tuna nets. 

,1 T he Feb . 24 ru lin g , which the fishermen say has brought the $1.3 bil­ lion tuna fishing and canning industry to the brink of economic disas­ ter, followed ll months of court actions and W ash­ ington lobbying by - a coalition of 14 environ­ m e n talist groups th at had dem anded a c o m ­ plete ban on the killing 

 of porpoises under the 
1972 M arine M am m al 
Protection Act. 

The Arab and Mexican offers to the fleet owners, whose 14o vessels are valued at $5oo m illion, were said by the A m er­ ican Tuna Boat Associa­ tion to carry the greatest financial in d u cem en ts am ong the p ro p o sals received from eight fpr- eign countries. 

E cu ad o r, 
P a n a m a , 
Costa Rica, Peru, Brazil and the 
D om inican 
Republic are o fferin g various con cession , in­ cluding tax and oth er economic advantages, to 
American ow ners willing to shift registration of th eir seiners to those countries while retaining ownership and control. 

Ray C. McVeigh, the agent here for the Saud oil interests, said that in the last three weeks he 
Obtained 6o-day options to purchase more than 2o seiners at prices ranging from $1 million to $4.5 i million 

You'll be ready for anything summer has to offer in our 
Royal Palm Beach Fashion Fiver <& 

Office hours, after hours, or leisure hours. . .you can have a different look for each with this five piece instant wardrobe by Palm Beach. You get a sophisticated tailored solid suit, an extra pair of "district" check plaid slacks, and separate belts for dressy or sporty looks. Tex­ tured Dacron1' polyester makes business travel, or a long week-end vacation easy because it never needs ironing and stays fresh looking all day. What great value, and great looks all in one! Navy, light blue, brown, or tan. 145.oo. Men's Clothing, Downtown, North Star, Windsor 
Park, Austin Highland Mall. Charge it, and get ready for everything summer has to offer! 

JOSKE’S 

 w A UNIT OF ALLIED STORES 
SHOP DOWNTOWN IO 'TIL 7 MONDAY; BRANCHES 'TIL 9 

San Antonie 
>rii 

A 

 i 
I 

On Appliances, TV and Stereo.. This week Only 

 s a t 
I 

TA— i m 

GE 17.6 Cu. Ft. 
No-Frost 
Refrigerator- 
Freezer 

GE Washer with 
Filter-Flo Wash Action 

• 4.65 cu. ft. top freezer has Ice ’N Easy service, removable shelf, 2 ice trays, no defrost 
• 12.94 cu. ft. fresh food capacity 
• Adjustable cantilever shelves for flexibility, easy cleaning 
• Generous door storage top and bottom 
• Overall dimensions: 3o1/z" wide, 
66" high 

$26f 

• Fully automatic with Filter 
Flo® wash system 
• 3 wash and rinse temperature combinations 
• 3 water levels to conserve water 
• Cycles include Permanent 
Press with cold water cool down 
• Activated soak cycle and 
Delicate setting for special care 

MODEL # 55 o 6 

I 
816 SO. ST. M A R Y ’S 
I 
# 2o7o GE Component Stereo 
‘262so 

I 
# 7354 GE 19" Color Portable TV 
$388 S 

I 
Belbelk 8 Track Tape Player 
*87” 
I 
RCA 4 Channel Tape Player 
‘114” 

* 
GE Jet 8o Microwave Oven 
$319” 

I 
RCA 41o I Component Stereo 
*279” 

I 
# 56-3454 Tappan Microwave Oven 
*2899o I 

| 
Repo. GE Dishwasher 

 oooo 

4* 

I 346 FAIR AVE. 
I CA12 GE Feeezer 
$269»° 

I 
CAI5 GE Freezer 
$ 3 3 9 o o 

I 
T A Io GE Refrigerator 
$ 2 5 9 o o 

I s r 56-2343 Tappan Microwave 
$269’ 

I 
3oo1 RCA Component Stereo 

4* 

OO en 
OO 

I VVC 525 RCA Component Stereo W/8 Track5195°° I 
I 7337 GE 19’ Portable Color TV 
‘388oo I 

UP TO 
5o % OFF 

Fluff Broom s............................... 

25’ 12-volt Trouble Lite.................. 

RETAIL PRICE 
ON SELECTED 
M ERCHANDISE 
............................. 
S O * 

1811 W ; COMMERCE 

$ 2 
5 9 

F-42o Zenith Table AM/FM Radio...................................................... S O ^ o o 
Jam Jm 
Sponge M ops............................................................................... 

Cordless EKLECTRK Grass Shears....................................................... 
^ 5 9 5 
Permanent Plastic Place Mats (Set of 4 ) ............................................. 
$ I 9 9 

2 Piece Carving Set-Stainless Steel...................................................... 

Plastic Playing Cards..............................................................2 Decks 

Flashlight Set With Batteries.............. ............................................. 

Screwdriver Se ts........................................................................... 

#268o Hy Gain 23 Chan. CB Radio.................................................... 
$ 55° ° 
All Watches-EXCEPT DIGITAL 
2 
o 
% O F F 

3566 Fredericksburg Rd. 

GE 2 5 " Color Console TV-Repo 
15oOO 

GE Harvest Gold Washer-Repo 
IOO 
OO 

GE JET 7o Microwave Oven 
199OO 

45 Pc. Melam ine Dinnerware Sets 
12 
99 

Rival Crock Pot 
15” 

1498 HILLCREST 

2131 S.W. MILITARY DR. 

Zenith AM/FM Stereo-Repo 
*299 

V SI l l 2D RCA Console Stereo 
* 2 7 9 ” 

VST 32oS RCA Console Stereo 
‘399” 

F925DE Zenith Console Stereo 
‘3o9” 

UA4153 GE 19” Black & White TV 
$,39” 

UA 48oZ WS GE 23” Black & White 
Table Model TV 
‘199” 

WYA7335 GE 19” Color TV s388“ 

52926P Zenith 2 3 " Color Console TV 
‘649” 

W M9256 DS GE 2 5 " Color Console TV 
‘679” 

95 

Tappan 3 o " Range-Repo 
169 
95 

GE Washer-repo 
‘25o 
OO 

Zenith AM/FM Tuners Plus Speakers 
*79 
95 

12” G.E. Black & White TV 
‘98 
88 

CUT THE DECK 

AND DEAL AT ALL 

GOODYEAR STORES 

1316 AUSTIN HWY'.* W, f WA ~226 RECTOR ST. 

36” White Tappan Gas Ranqe-Repo 

 oooo 

4 ? 54oo White GE W asher-Repo 
$]99oo 
|| 

# 72oo White GE Elec. Dryer 22oV-Repo $175°° I 

# 4 1 5 3 GE 19” Black & White TV-Repo 
$85°° I 

# 
274 GE 19” Color TV-Repo 
MSSoo I 

# 7 6 1 GE 21” B la c k s White TV-Repo 

oo 

# 3oo RCA AM/FM 8 Track Console 

Stereo 
‘2895o I 

Precor AM/FM Stereo Component 
‘44oo I 
4o1 N. ALAM O 

CBI5 GE Freezer 
$ 2 7 5 o o J 

CA12 GE Feeezer 
‘249” I 

V ZT41oL RCA Console Stereo 
*269” I 

VST 23o D RCA Console Stereo 
‘289” I 

Sewing Machine W/Cabinet 
‘ 1 4 9 o o I 

MTO 5 h.p. Riding Mower 
* 3 9 9 o o I 

Repo RCA Console Stereo 

oo 
O 
M 3 

1 / 
42o7 SAN PEDRO AVE. 

73o5 GE Stereo Component With AM-FM *26995i 

F6o Steam & Dry Iron 
MO” 

M24W GE Hand Mixer 
$995 

# 5291 Hair Dryer 
‘16” 

2o” Girls Polo {Uke 
‘56” 
IO Spd. M en’s Racer 
‘89” 

 q W H B B k\r* TO K .?? j) 

G6o-15 Rally GT RWL Tires 
‘45 en. 

DDE 3ooo GE Electric Dryer 115V 
‘165oo 

Portable BBQ Grill with Stand 
*4 ” on. 

Portable BBQ Grill 
$ 2 o o 
O ea. 

3 Pc. BBQ Tool Set 
$ 1 45 i ea. 
I__ 
J 

VZT 22o RCA Console Stereo 
‘264” 

VST 27oD RCA Console Stereo 
‘355” 

935 GE Portable Phonograph 
*43” 

933 GE Portable Phonograph 
‘4o” 

Peerless Com ponent W/8 Track 
‘1o5” 

861o GE 8 Track Tape Deck 
*121” 

7.5x15 ETIV Maqs 
*36”o. 

DDP 12oo Avo. Apartment Size Dryer ‘278”! 
I __ ______ ___ 

* CHECK THE STORE 

NEAREST YOU TODAY FOR 

ADDITIONAL VALUES. 

14.7 cu. ft. No Frost Refriqerator-Repo *289 
9o 

GE 24,ooo BTU Air Conditioner-Repo 
*32995 

GE 2 5 " Color Console TV-Repo s4 5 9 95 

GE Americana Washer Repo 
*249 
95 

RCA Stereo Console 
‘288 
OO 

All Bikes In Stock 
15% OFF 

All Vacuum Cleaners In Stock 
1o% OFF 

11479 PERRINiBElTEL 

■ G.E. 12" Black & White TV s8995 

HE5215 WO GE IO " Color TV 
$ 2 1 9 9 5 

I G4o25 W 19” Zenith Color TV with Stand. *49995 

VYC53o RCA Component Stereo 
‘155°° 

VZT 122 RCA Console Stereo 
'249” 

VYY 32o RCA Console Stereo 
*369” 

SC43oo GE Component (Quad) System 
‘369” 

GSC 445 GE Avo. Dishwasher 
‘ 2 5 5 o o 
HURRY!! QUANTITIES LIMITED! SALE ENDS SATURDAY! 

G O O D B Y E A t t 

Tv 

Enjoy “CREDIT-POWER” with your own 
GOODYEAR REVOLVING 
CHARGE ACCOUNT 

• Cash • Goodyear Revolving Charge 
• Our Own Customer Credit Plan 
• Master Charge • BankAm ericard • American Express Money Card 
• Carte Blanche • Diners Club 

D O W N T O W N 
816 S. St. M a ry ’s 
(A lam o at St. M a ry's) 
222-1373 

NORTHSIDE 
47o2 SAN PEDRO 
824-2371 

NORTHWEST 
1498 HILLCREST 
434-31o6 

PERRIN PLAZA 
11479 
PERRIN-3EITEL RD. 
656-3111 

HIGHLANDS 
1346 FAIR AVE. 
(Fair A ve. at G evers) 
534-5468 

NORTHWEST 
3566 FREDERICKSBURG RD. 
735-6141 

SOUTHSIDE 
2131 S.W. MILITARY DR. 
923-4563 

WESTSIDE 
1811 W . COMMERCE 
225-7677 

D O W N T O W N 
4o1 N. A LA M O 
227-7381 

NORTHSIDE 
226 RECTOR 
344-9786 

NORTHSIDE 
226 RECTOR 
344-9786 
A CRO SS FRO M 

EASTSIDE 
3o3o E. COMMERCE 
225-7266 

THE BUDGET STORE 
AT J O S K E ’S 

World 
Briefs 

Question? Problem? Ask 

Action /E xp ress 

 in the Son Antonio Express 

B’S 
IM A UNIT OF ALLIED STORES 
SHOP DOWNTOWN MONDAY 1o-7; BRANCHES TIL 9 

Active dressing for sun-days is so easy in Pant-Her separates 

For a walk on the beach, or a busy day of activity, you can have a super look for summertime, anytime action when you match a T or shirt with one of these full cut skirts. You can go from morning to night feel­ ing pulled together and fresh. Pant-Her makes things a little easier with their summer separates in cool polyester-cotton. Far left, Piped crewneck T-shirt, 
12.oo, matched with a front pleated skirt with belt, in white, 23.oo. Left, Short sleeve polo shirt in red, or green, 13.oo, over a mitred stripe-action skirt also in red or green, 21.oo. Tops are in sizes S,M,L, skirts in 
8-14. Plaza Sportswear, Downtown, North Star. 
Windsor Park, Austin. Charge it and get active! 

San Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS 

Hungary seeking better economic ties with U.S. 

In h aling prohibited 

HUMBERSIDE, England, Police Sgt. Dennis 
Cheater wears protective clothing as he demonstrates one of the two blowpipes bought by the Humberside County Public 
Protection Dept, for use in its rabies con­ trol program. The blowpipes, similar to a type used by South American Indians, are equipped with tranquilizer darts. The of­ ficers also will use padded suits over chain mail, special gloves and helmets with face guards. — AP Wirephoto. 

Class offered as math aid 

"Mind Over Math,” a 
Division of 
Continuing six-week course to help 
Education, the class will students overcome bar- be from 7 to 9 p.m. on riers to math, will begin 
Tuesdays. 
April 2B. 
Dr. Robert Ducharme, 
Part of the University of the L’TSA faculty, will of Texas at San Antonio teach the course. 

 government takes steps to put its financial affairs in better order. 
At the sam e time, a 
U.S. monetary official conceded under pressure from 
E uro pean and 
Ja p a n e s e govern m en t representatives that P re­ sident Carter might ask 
Congress to subscribe to a proposed new 
$25 billion in tern ation al credit scheme, known as the Financial Safety Net, which it has refused to support in the past. 
2.ooo march to support IRA 

DUBLIN - More than 
2.ooo persons m arched through the heart of 
Dublin in support of 18 jailed Irish Republican 
Army members who are on a hunger strike. 
Police said the demon­ stration was peaceful and there were no arrests. 
Five killed iii Lebanon 

B E IR U T 
- 
R ival 
P a lestin ian g u e rrilla groups clashed in the southern Lebanese town of Nabatiyeh. eight miles from the Israeli border. 
H osp itals reported at least five killed and eight wounded. 
Combatants were iden­ tified as guerrillas of the 
Syrian-backed Saiqa or­ 

 ganization and a radical 
Palestinian faction sup­ ported by Iraq, Syria's archfoe in the Middle 
East. 
Pakistan tiff still stalemate 

LAHORE, Pakistan - 
P rim e 
M in ister 
Ali 
Bhutto stepped up his ef­ forts to persuade opposi­ tion leaders to negotiate a settlement in the cur­ rent political crisis. 
But the opposition. w hich is insisting that he resign, refused to yield and tum ultuous a n ti­ government dem onstra­ tions continued in several cities. 

Russian dies 

MOSCOW - Soviet Col. 
Gen. Alexander Rodimt- sev, who fought in the 
Spanish Civil War and the defense of Stalingrad in World War II, has died at the age of 72. 

Korean arrests 

SEO U L - South Ko­ rean security agencies, over the last few days have taken in for ques­ tioning a large number of 
Christian activists and other d issid e n ts in a move that a p p e a r s to sign ify a new govern* 
. ment crackdown. At least 
19 were held. 

COMPILED FROM WIRE SERVICES 
B U D A P E ST - C om ­ munist party chief Janos 
R a d a r said 
S a tu rd a y 
H ungary w ants to im ­ prove relations with the 
United states, including mutually advantageous economic links. 
He addressed a confer­ ence of facto ry work team leaders and most of his remarks were direct­ ed toward h igh er e f­ ficiency and modernizing of the country’s industries. 
In his r e m a r k s con ­ cerning the U.S., he said 
H ungary w an ts to a d ­ vance from its “ m id ­ fie ld ” position and becom e one of the world s highly developed industrial nations. 

Decision soon on Rhodesia 

SALISBURY - British 
Foreign Secretary David 
Owen met with Rhode­ sian Prime Minister Ian 
Smith and said later the 
United States and Britain would decide in a week or so whether to convene new n ego tiatio n s for black majority rule here. 
“ There is good grounds for thinking that we can carry this through and follow it up,” Owen told newsmen. 
He co n ferred with 
Smith for an hour in an effort to p ersu ad e the 

 le ad e r of R h o d e sia ’ s white minority govern ­ m ent to accept new 
U.S.-British proposals. 
Basically, they would set up a biracial consti­ tutional conference that would clear the way for a transfer of power from the 27o,ooo whites to the 
B.4 million blacks in this breakaway 
British colony. 
Saudis will protect OPEC 

KUW AIT - D espite differences over prices, 
Saudi A rab ia still is committed to protecting the power of the Organ­ ization of Petroleum E x­ porting Countries, Saudi 
Crown Prince Fahd says. 
“ We give top priority to the preservation of 
OPEC’s strength,” Fahd 

 said in an interview. 
At an O P E C p rice meeting last December, 
Saudi A rabia and the 
United Arab E m ira te s decided to increase their oil prices by only 5 per cent this year while the other ll OPEC members raised their prices 15 per cent. 

Moroccans iii defense lines 

KINSHASA, Zaire - 
Moroccan troops have made their first move a g a in st an a rm y of se c e ssio n ist re b e ls in 
Zaire’s Shaba Province, rein forcin g the outer defense line for the cop­ per-mining center of 
Kolwezi. 
There w as no im ­ mediate indication that actual com bat contact had been m ad e. The rebels were setting up a civilian adm inistration and issu in g identity cards for the Democratic 
Republic of the Congo im the one-third of the province they control. 
Italy may get 8 i billion 

PARIS - The United 
States and other major industrial countries have agreed to lend econ ­ omically troubled Italy an additional $1 billion, provided the 
Italian 

MWMThWWOIftf 

SALE! SAVE 9.oo ON OUR 
EASY-CARE PERMANENT 

Reg. 21.5o 

Complete with CUT, SHAMPOO. SET! 

Breeze into summer with our permanent that gives you a smart, easy-care hair style that looks great {rom early morn to late night! Budget Beauty Salon. 

Phone 227-4343, ext 431 

~ v 

San Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— Sunday April 17 1977 
Rainfall brings flood watch 

ASSOCIATED PRESS 
No m ajor flooding had been reported by Satur­ day afternoon although some low areas through­ out the central part of the state were covered with water. 
The National Weather 
Service issued flash flood 
'watches for North and 
South 
C en tral 
T e x a s through Saturday even­ ing as the waters backed up. 
A 
L ow er 
C olorado 
River Authority spokes­ man said floodgates were open Saturday on Wirtz 
(Lake L B J), Stark (Lake 
Marble Falls), Mansfield 
(Lake T ravis) and Tom 
M iller (L a k e A ustin) dams. 
“ We have flooding in the lower levels all along the riv e r,” the sp o k es­ man said. 
7 inches 
Spicew ood in Burnet 
County in Central Texas received over seven inches pf rain in less than 
48 hours by S a tu rd a y m orning. 
A 
Burnet 
County s h e r iff’s office sp o k e sm an sa id , how­ ever, no flooding had oc­ curred alth ough are flo o d g ate s had been opened. 
Most area s in Central and South Central Texas received between one and three in ch es of rain 
Friday night and Satur­ day morning. 
The w eath er se rv ice said an upper level low pressure system was re­ sponsible for the showers and thunderstorm s that rolled eastw ard acro ss the state. 
Skies throughout the state were cloudy as the storm s dum ped tons of w ater and spaw ned at least one funnel cloud spotted n ear K aty in 
South Texas. 

FORECAST 

SAN A N T O N IO A N O V IC IN I­ 
TY — Considerable cloudiness 
Sunday with o chance of showers and th u n d e rsh o w e rs. P a rtly clou d y and w a rm e r M o n d a y 
Variable winds m ostly southeast from 5 to IS m ph. becom ing gusty in show ers and thunder­ showers. High tem perature for 
S u n d a y in the m id-7os. Low temperature for Sunday in the mid 5os. High tem perature for 
Monday near 8o. Probability of precipitation 5o per cent Sunday and 3o per cent Sunday night 
Sun rise s at 6:o6 and sets at 
7:o2. Moon is in the last quarter. 
Moon rises of 5:37 a.m. and sets at 6:36 p.m. Tem peratures Sa­ turday ranged from 58 to 71 de­ grees. (N ational W eather Se r­ vice forecast.) 
R E L A T IV E H U M ID IT Y - 71 per cent as of 6 p m. Saturday. 
P R E C I P I T A T I O N 
- 
To'Ot rainfall for the 24-hour period ending at 6 p.m. Saturday. 1.o7 in c h e s; fo r the m onth. 3.49 
Inches, for the year. 8.38 inches. 
A ccum ulate d d e p a rtu re from normal for the month, plus 2.77 inches; for the year, plus 1.9o inches. 
N O R T H T E X A S - Sho w ers and thunderstorm s with locally heavy rain likely Sunday. 8 
SO U T H T E X A S — Show ers and thundershowers Sunday with a chance of som e locally heavy rainfall. D ecre asin g cloudiness with showers ending Monday. 
W E S T T E X A S - Scattered showers and thunderstorm s east of the mountains Sunday contin­ uing east of the Pecos Sunday night, gradually ending from the west. Partly cloudy and a little w arm er Monday. 
N A T IO N A L — S h o w e rs and occasional thundershow ers will extend over the upper M is s is ­ sippi Valley through the lower 
M isso u ri Valley, the southern plains and the lower M ississippi 
Va lle y. S h o w e rs w ill a lso be sc a tte re d o v e r the P a c ific 
Northwest Coost, the east end of the Great Lokes and across the central Atlantic coastal states. 
Temperatures will be seasonably mild over the nation. 

T E M P E R A T U R E E X T R E M E S 
Low; 23 degrees at Gallup, N M. and Ely, Nev. 
H ig h ; 97 d e g re e s at P a lm 
Springs, Calif. 

* M A R IN E 
W IN D S — V a r ia b le w in d s m ostly southeast from o to IS mph, becoming gusty in showers and thundershowers. 
T ID E S — P ort A ra n s a s for 
M onday: high tides will be at 
3:5o a.m. and 1:21 p m .; low tides will be at 8:18 a m. and 

SAN ANTONIO 
P R E C IP IT A T IO N i m 
1974 
AV*. 
Rec 
Jon. 3.1o 
o.56 
1.76 
8.32 
Feb. o.91 
o.13 
1.65 
7.8o 
Mar. o.88 
1.2o 
1.67 
4.19 
Apr. 3.49 
5.67 
2.28 
11.64 
1976 
1975 
Ave. 
Rec. 
M ay 
5 8o " 6 91 
3 S i 
14.o7 
Jun 
1.61 
4 6o 
295 
IO 44 
July 
5.39 
o 44 
I 69 
8 18 
A U O 
2 o9 
I 22 
2 36 ll 14 
Sen*. 3 79 
o.51 
4 59 
15 78 
Oct. 
848 
2 25 
2 3o 
9 56 
NOV 
7 46 
o.o3 
I 37 
6 79 
Dec 
195 
1.48 
1.75 
6 22 

8:11 p m 
Port Isabel for Mon day: high tides will be Of 4:49 a.m. and 2:2o p.m.; low tides will be at 9:o7 a.m. and 9 p m. . 
G R E A T E R S A N A N T O N IO 
San Antonio 
58 
71 
1.o7 
SO O T H T E X A S 
Austin 
59 
67 
1.14 
Beeville 
63 
77 
.- 
Brownsville 
63 
76 
5.2o 
Corpus Christi 63 
74 
1.75 
Cotulla 
58 
74 
1.5o 
Del Rio 
54 
72 
1.o7 
Junction 
55 
66 
.36 
Kingsville 
62 
78 
.8o 
Victoria 
62 
74 
1.27 
T E X A S 
Abilene 
48 
59 
.62 
Alpine 
43 
68 
.38 
Am arillo 
5o 
67 
.19 
Dallas 
59 
68 
.68 
El Paso 
48 
69 
.oo 
Fort Worth 
59 
67 
4o 
Houston 
63 
71 
.59 
Lubbock 
51 
63 
.32 
Lufkin 
62 
76 
1.41 
San Angelo 
54 
62 
I 73 
Waco 
6o 
67 
1.83 
S O U T H W EST 
Denver 
41 
6S 
.o3 

T E X A S W E A T H E R 

Forecast 

U S Dept- o f C o m m e r c e J 

Honolulu 
69 
83 
.oo 
Los Angeles 
58 
73 
.oo 
Las Vegas 
53 
86 
.oo 
Phoenix 
58 
86 
OO 
So it Lake City 39 
71 
.oo 
San Diego 
57 
64 
.oo 
SO U TH C E N T R A L 
K an sas City 
6o 
SO 
.oo 
Louisville 
55 
83 
.oo 
Mem phis 
55 
89 
.oo 
Oklahom a City 59 
73 
.o1 
St. Louis 
56 
88 
.oo 
Wichita 
55 
63 
.37 
SO U T H EA ST 
Atlanta 
53 
8S 
OO 
Birm ingham 
49 
89 
OO 
Charleston 
65 
85 
.oo 
Jacksonville 
SO 
86 
.oo 
New Orleans 
59 
84 
OO 
Raleigh 
54 
81 
OI 
Richm ond 
44 
77 
.oo 
Tampa 
65 
86 
.oo 
N O R T H W EST 
Bism arck 
5o 
63 
.o9 
Boise 
47 
69 
.oo 
Casper 
42 
65 
.o4 
Helena 
3o 
63 
.oo 
Portland, Ore. 39 
55 
.o6 
Rapid City 
43 
68 
.16 
Son Francisco 48 
62 
.oo 
Seattle 
41 
54 
.o5 
Spokane 
47 
56 
.oo 
N O R T H C E N T R A L 
Chicago 
54 
84 
.oo 
Detroit 
43 
62 
.o4 
Duluth 
39 
62 
.oo indianapolis 
55 
83 
.oo 
Milwaukee 
45 
65 
.oo 
M inn-St. Paul 
56 
71 
OO 
Om aha 
61 
82 
OO 
Sit. Ste. M arie 34 
82 
.oo 
N O R T H E A ST 
Boston 
44 
67 
.oo 
Buffalo 
35 
63 
.oo 
Cleveland 
39 
63 
.oo 
Colum bus 
4 7 
75 
.oo 
New York City 47 
67 
.oo 
Philadelphia 
44 
74 
.oo 
Pittsburgh 
39 
65 
OO 
Portland. Me. 
28 
62 
.oo 
W ashington 
51 
74 
.oo 

City 
Tem parlure 

Mon. 

F O R E IG N 
(Bosed on observations token at 6 a.m. Saturday Son Antonio time. Tem peratures are in F a h ­ renheit deft) and Centigrade.) 

Sun. 

Am arillo 
45-65 
45-68 
Showers, cod 
Austin 
55-75 
55-8o 
Cloudy, mild 
Laredo 
55-78 
55 85 
Cloudy, mild 
Corpus Christi 
65 78 
65-82 
Cloudy, warm 
Victoria 
65-78 
65-82 
Cloudy, warm 
Dallas-Fort Worth 
58-7o 
58-75 
Rain, cool 
M cAllen-Brow nsvillc 65-8o 
68-85 
Windy, cloudy 
Houston 
6o-75 
6o-78 
Rain, mild 

City 
Far. 

Aberdeen 
Am sterdam 
Ankara 
Antigua 
Athens 
Auckland 

Cent. 

52 ll 
5o 
IO 
63 
17 
79 
26 
63 
17 
64 
18 

M E X IC O 
(M exican tempertures appear in both Fahrenheit and Centri- grade or Celsius. Fahrenheit is listed first in each column.) 
Acapulco ........ 75/24 
85/29 
G uadalajara 
...44/o7 
81/27 
M a r t ia n ........ 53/12 
81/27 
M exico City 
....46/o8 
72'2? 
Monterrey ........62/17 
92/33 

Rig ht-to-work leader critic of unio n clout 

North Star & Wonderland Rhodes Charge, Master Charge, BankAmericard, American Express. An ( A j n f o c Company 

By BILL CUNNINGHAM Jr. 
SAN MARCOS — “ The effort to elim inate the power of compulsory unionization must succeed if we are to retain the free enterprise sy stem ,” the 
National Right-to-Work Committee president said 
Saturday. 
However, Reed Larson told the Rotary District 284 meeting at Southwest Texas State University that union power may have reached the point of no re­ turn. 
He said larger unions have accumulated political clout that could allow them to block any effort in 
Congress to curb their power. 
Describing the labor movement as “ a political machine, dedicated to candidates and issues which reduce incentive and the creation of capital,” Larson said the unions now dictate to Congress which bills can gain passage. 
“ Legislation must grant additional powers to un­ ions in order to gain passage,” he charged, citing the Election Reform Act of 1974, which exempted contributions from labor unions. 
Tops priority list 
He said the nation’s unions collect $2 billion an­ nually in “ forced views” and have a $1 billion per year payroll and place political action at the top of their priority list. 
He said the biennial cost of union political activity is at least $1oo million. 
Larson said labor lost momentum with the defeat of the common situs picketing bill, but will still be working hard for four pieces of legislation during this congressional session. 
The unions will attempt to repeal Section 14-B of the Taft-Hartley Act granting states the right to pass right-to-work legislation, he warned. He told the 
Rotarians, “ If everybody concerned really digs in, they can’t pass the repeal, but we have to be on our guard.” 
Predicts defeat 
Labor also w ill seek compulsory unionization for public employes, he said, predicting defeat for that move also. 
An obscure issue, changing the procedure for recognizing unions. This also will be pushed. This would do away with the election process, Larson said, and allow union organizers to subm it cards from employes to gain union recognition. 
He labeled that proposal “ a real Christmas tree of special privileges for union officials.” 
Larson said union leaders will seek to extend campaign reforms to enact the sam e regulations on 
House and Senate races that are currently imposed on the presidential race (o restrict private contribu­ tions, but leave the union machine untouched. 
Fight influence 
Larson said his commitee has grown to a strength where it can successfully fight labor’s political influence. He claimed a million supporters and 
4oo,ooo financial contributors. 
He praised Texas for being one of the 2o right-to- work states in the nation. 
Labeling it “ the best example of the free enter- 
AFS adds 6 new chapters 

Six new volunteer chapters for American Field 
Services have been formed in Texas, according to 
Honey Long,. AFS Texas Field Development based in 
San Antonio. 
AFS is a foreign exchange program for high school students. 
Every year some 2,7oo students from six conti­ nents come to the U.S. for a year and some 2,4oo 
American students go abroad. 
Aimed at cross-cultural understanding, the or­ ganization relies on volunteers to provide a home and community living opportunities. 
There has been an active AFS chapter in San 
Antonio .several years. 
The new chapters are in Austin, Cleveland, 
Lufkin, Rotan and San Angelo. 

 prise spirit and system operating despite im pedi­ ments from the bureaucrats in Washington,’* Larson said Texas has led the nation in creating new job opportunities with 288,ooo m an u factu rin g jo b s created in the last IO years. 
Meeting to focus on sewer planning 

The first training session for the public participa­ tion portion of local long-range sewer planning w ill be at 1:3o p.m. Monday in Room 532 of Three 
Americas Building. 
The session is the first of a series which will explain the planning taking place under the Clean 
Water Act. 
The law calls for the planning to take place with public involvement toward a goal of_making waterway fishable and swimmable by 1983. 
The planning will be necessary for communities to qualify for federal funding aid for sewage facilities. 
The agency handling the management phase of the planning is the Alamo Area Council of Governments. 
H.B. Zachry, chairman of AACOG’s Areawide 
Planning Advisory Committee, and AACOG Execu­ tive Dir. Al Notzon, will speak at the session on the status of water quality in the planning area. 
The training session is open to the public. In attendance will be officials and governmental staff and key citizen leaders. 
First aid study offered 

A free first aid course for parents of young children is scheduled April 27 and 28 by the Young 
Family Resource Center of the University of Texas 
Health Science Center at San Antonio. 
The programs will be presented from 9:3o a.m. to noon on April 27 and from 7 to IO p.m. on April 28 at the resource center. . 
The resource center is located on the second floor of the University of Texas School of Nursing in the 
South Texas Medical Center. 
The course will cover first aid procedures for common childhood injuries. It will also include techniques for rescue breathing. 
Enrollment in each class is limited. Register bv calling 696-6481, Ext. 256. 
Cinco de Mayo fete planned 

The Mexican American Business and Professional 
Women’s Club of San Antonio w ill hold its first Cinco dc Mayo celebration May 6 in Plaza Juarez. 
The celebration will begin at 8 p.m. with a cultural exhibit of Mexican regional costumes from the collection of Maria Luisa Camacho de Lopez. 
A dance from 9 p.m. to I a.m . will follow. Music will be provided by Albert Rios’ La Salsa Domin- guera. 
Admission is $7.5o per couple in advance or $4 per person at the door. Proceeds will go to the club's scholarship fund. 
For ticket information, telephone Gloria Rodri­ guez at 434-7248 or 433-4276. 

Lions club to install 

Edwin IL Flood of Amarillo, international director of Lions International, will be the principal speaker and installing officer at the 25th anniversary and installation of new officers and directors of North 
Central Lions Club. 
The installation and dinner will be in the main dining room of the Northwest Expressway Holiday 
Inn at 6 p.m. Friday. 
New officers are Ernest Rtiffo, president: Addison 
Sharp. Donald Allen, John Sardo, vice presidents: 
Milton Wiemers, secretary; Steven Gross, treasurer; 
Thomas Ramby, tail twister, and Je sse Villagran. lion tamer. 

San Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— Sunday April I 7 I 977 
Paqe 
5-B 

Only 4 left of these really lovely French Provincial sofas with their soft green matlasse’ covers, picture frame fruit wood trim, and graceful cabriole legs! 
You've seen sofas like this selling for hundreds more ... don’t miss out! 
4 only! 

Stratford Vinyl Diamond Tufted Sofa 

Made by famous Futorian Stratford, this large sofa is covered in ultra soft vinyl and has diamond tufted styling over all. Rich brown color, only 3 left! 

Only three . . . 3 piece Pit groups 

Made by Allan White and so up-to-date! This pit sofa is ordinarily $1o89.95 but because of a miss-match in the fabric that's hard to notice, you save more than half. 2 sets in alabaster, one in chocolate brown . . . see it, quick! Ottomans extra $79 a pair. 

CHAIRS 

A large group of living room chairs. For­ mer values from $119.95 to $199.95 now reduced to as low as 

As low as 

Here's just a 

/ 

SWIVEL ROCKERS 
Your choice of one group. Several styles and fabrics. Unlimited comfort! 
Reg. $1o9.95 to $199.95 as low as 

ODD SOFAS 
One group of many different styles and col­ ors. Nylon prints, vinyls, etc. Values from 
$199.95 to $449.95 as low as 

HERCULON LIVING ROOM 
3 pieces: Sofa, 2 chairs all in heavy easy- 
± care Herculon fabric. 1 set only. Floor sam- pies, 
’ reg. 389.95 

SOFA/LOVESEAT PAIR 
One only brown vinyl set with magazine bag arms. Pre-owned, and a real buy! 
Reg. $599, 2 pc. 

ASSORTED LOVESEATS 
Various styles and colors in many fabrics 
Values from $219.95 to $349. 
Your choice 

DESIGNER VELVET PIT GROUP 
Consists of two small sofas and 1 armless loveseat that form a pit in a bold contem­ porary floral pattern. 1 only. 
Reg, $799.95 

LIVING ROOM TABLES 
Two styles & finishes to choose from. Coc- tail and matching end tables 
Reg. $59.95 

*329 

CONTEMPORARY 3-PC. SUITE 
Sofa, Loveseat, chair in heavy easy-care 
[Herculon covers. Foam cushions. Reg. 
$489.95 Now all three pieces 

VELVET MODULAR 8 PC. SECTIONAL 

$ 

One only brown velvet. You get 3 corner rn rn rn units, 3 armless units, and 2 large otto- 5 
£ I # 1 mans. Reg. 889.95 

 mmm 

 wmmmmmmmmamBm h i ii 
, Chair, Loveseat, Section 

■ M 
B 
I 
... 

H 
San Antonio EXPRESS-NEW S— Sunday April 17 1977 

Hold away and squint 

THIS IS A COMPUTER reproduction of the Abraham Lincoln portrait that appears on a $5 bill, made to see how a computer recognizes shades of gray. The technology is part of a Case Western Preserve University effort to develop an automatic system to identify, classify, store and retrieve human facial images for security and similar uses. To see Lincoln in this version, hold page at arm’s length and squint. 

Sandbox is home sweet home 

Slowly but surely, the war is being won to make the world safe for the desert tortoise. 
The world’s biggest sandbox is be­ ing built near California City, Calif., to fence in 4o square miles of the 
Mojave Desert so the tortoises can roam unmolested by pet seekers. 
“ For years,” says Kristin Berry of the federal Bureau of Land Manage­ ment in Riverside, “ the turtles were being killed off at an enormously high rate.” 
The battle to save the desert tor­ toise began about 196o. 
The state Legislature has since passed several laws to protect it, and in 1974 the federal Interior Depart­ ment agreed a sanctuary was a good idea — if the money to buy the land could be raised. 
The Desert Tortoise Preserve 
Committee, formed by Mrs. Berry and a handful of others, then raised more than $4o,ooo by selling such turtle memorabilia as jewelry and 
T-shirts. 
Firehouse is home 

After searching IO years for an ideal pad, bachelor Stacy Gibson found it — a two-story, red brick fir­ ehouse built before the turn of the century. 
He got it for $36,ooo, highest of only five official bids, in a sale held by the 
City of Elgin, 111. 
“ It was just what I’ve been want­ ing, although I felt a little foolish bidding as much as I did,” said Gib­ son, 36, a salesman for an excavating equipment firm in Lisle. “ It has his­ toric artistic integrity. But the pole fireman slide down is gone. Finding a 

TlipSide 

 o f th e N e w s 

How sweet it was 

Manitowoc, Wis., police weren't looking for the Easter bunny when they started following a trail of jelly beans. 
A passerby reported seeing someone inside a local candy store early 
Saturday, and when police arrived they found six large glass candy jars missing. 
Officers said they followed a trail of spilled jelly beans from the store to a North Side home and took a 16-year-old youth into custody in connection with the break-in. Another youth was being sought. 

Well, they looked legit 

Two men stole a police car from the 
Brookfield, Conn., town garage and used it to rob a’department store employe making a night deposit, po­ lice said. 
Authorities said the patrol car, with the keys left in it, was taken from the Brookfield town garage 
Friday night. The two men drove the car to the department store, where they picked up a store clerk who was about to make the bank deposit at the end of the day’s business. 
The bogus policemen drove the clerk to the bank and relieved him of the bag. Store officials did not say how much money the bag contained. 

 replacement is my first priority. 

It took a man to do it 

PIE-EYED Phyllis Schlafly, an outspoken opponent of the Equal Rights Amendment, was hit in the face (above) with an apple pie Saturday during a reception at a 
Woman’s National Republican Club luncheon in New York city. At the crusty controls is Aron Kay, 27, a former agent with Pie Kill Unlimited. With Schlafly and 
Kay above is Nancy Borman, editor of Majority Report. At right, ERA-opponent 
Schlafly digs remainder filling from her eye. Kay says he picked apple instead of the standard custard missle because it was more in the tradition of “motherhood and apple pie.” 
Fair argues jobless rate overstressed 

GLASS TINTING i 
For Hom e & Cor A t I 
5oLflR-X'| 
I CALL 349-6469 J 

WASHINGTON po st service 
WASHINGTON 
- 
Nothing has perplexed economic policymakers more than the historical­ ly high unemployment rate that has persisted despite two years of rea­ sonably good economic 

WIFE OF CIVIE SERVICE EMPLOYEE WANTED TO 
TRAIN AS APARTMENT MANAGER - NO EX­ 
PERIENCE NECESSARY. ABLE TO MEET PUBLIC, NO 
CHILDREN, OVER 3o. 
226-8492 or 349-8o65 

 recovery from the worst recession in the postwar era. 
The unemployment rate was 7.3 per cent in 
March, the lowest it has been since the end of the recession in the spring of 
1975 (it peaked at 9 per cent in May 1975), but still above the highest unemployment rate recorded during any of the previous postwar economic downturns. 
Yet, since the end of the recession, the number of persons with 

 jobs has climbed markedly. 
In May 1975, there were 
84.5 million people at work (and 8.3 million looking for work but un­ able to find it). 
By last month, the number of jobholders had increased to 89.5 million. That is an in­ crease of 5 niillion jobs in less than two years, a good performance by nearly any standard. 
While there has been a marked increase in jobs, there bas not been as 

 rapid a decline in job­ lessness. 
Economists at the 
University of Miami ar­ gue in a new study the unemployment picture is not nearly as serious as depicted in official sta­ tistics and that public policy ought not be devised with the notion that the nation’s jobless rate is 7.3 per cent. 
Economists Kenneth 
W. Clarkson and Robert 
E. Meiners, argue in­ stead that the “ higl measured rates of 

 unemployment can be explained in large part by a new class of in­ dividuals who are either largely unemployable or have no need or desire to work, but who, to qualify for various welfare ben­ efits, must officially register for work and therefore are now count­ ed in official unem­ ployment statistics.” 
They say the recent upsurges in the official unemployment statistics are the result of the in­ troduction of these work registration requir­ ements. Most of these work requirements have been instituted since 197o for such programs as food stamps, aid to families with dependent children and general state welfare assistance. 
When unemployment statistics are adjusted to account for the work registration requir­ ements, the unem­ ployment picture corre­ sponds more closely to historical trends, Clark­ son and Meiners say. 
Corrected rate 
The unemployment rate averaged 5.6 per cent in 1974. 
Clarkson and Meiners say that after they adjust for the impact of required work registra­ tion for recipients of food stamps and aid to depen­ 

 dent children, the cor­ rected unemployment rate is 3.8 per cent. 
In 1975, the published rate averaged 8.5 per cent. The corrected rate is 6.1 per cent. Last year, when the average rate was 7.7 per cent, the ad­ justed Clarkson-Meiners rate was 5.3 per cent. 
The Bureau of Labor 
Statistics is examining the study but has come to no conclusions about it, according to the com­ missioner of labor statis­ tics, Julius Shiskin. 
Shiskin said he expects the staff analysis to be finished in a fewf days. 
Members of the BLS staff characterize the size of the adjustments as 
“ heroic.” 
The Miami economists note that during the only period before 197o in which more than 56.5 per cent of the civilian population had jobs 
(1969) — a level they call high employment — the unemployment rate was 
3.5 per cent. 
During periods of medium employment 
(when about 56 per cent of the populations is at work), the unem­ ployment rate has aver­ aged 4.4 per cent, while in periods of low em­ ployment (55.15 to 55.57 per cent of the population at work), measured un­ 

 employment averaged most 57 per cent of the 
4.9 per cent between the population had jobs, the end of World War II and unemployment rate was; 
5.6 per cent. 
197o. 

But in 1975, when the employment rate was 
55.25 per cent, the unemployment rate was well above the historical­ ly expected rate of 4.9 per cent, averaging 8.5 per cent. In 1974, when al­ 

 ia s e d on historical averages, unemployment in December 1976 should have been closer to 4.5 per cent as opposed to the recorded 7.9 per cent,” 
Clarkson and 
Meiners say- 

An Evening of Music 

 with the 
TRINITY UNIVERSITY 
COMMUNITY ORCHESTRA 
Domenick Saltarelli, Conductor 

Featuring Guest Artist 
JULIUS SCHULMAN, violinist 

Sunday, April 17, 1977 
Eight o'clock in the evening 
Trinity University — Laurie Auditorium 

Adult Ticket $2 
Student Ticket $1 

Rector St. opposite N. Star Mall • open Mon. & murs. 'til 9 • Phone 342-9411 

SS4-5-77 

Jte/ees 6ooo mo# thru april Z S, /$77 

WE CUT THE RHUS 
TO CUT THE Bitts? 

* m 
& i n m m m m e i: 

J # 
W I lu r IN LARGE QUANTITIES. 

S 

WE OO NOT STOCK A5 MANY ITEMS. THIS RE- 
. OU CIS OUR LAIOR COSTS. 
S 
W I CUT AND PRICE MERCHANDISE AS IT 
• COMIS OFF OUR TRUCKS. THIS REDUCES OUR 

 a * 

6 

LAROR COSTS 

« 

W | DISPLAY GROCERIES RY THE CASE AND 
• PRODUCE RY THE LUG. 

S 

WE SEARCH FOR SPECIALS AND PASS MANU* 
. FACTURER'S ALLOWANCES ALONG TO YOU. 

W I SELL GROCERIES IN GREAT VOLUME. THIS 
KEEPS OUR COSTS DOWN. 
7 
W I PROVIDE A COUPON EXCHANGE TARLE TO 
• HELP REDUCE YOUR COSTS. 
S 

W I ASK YOU TO HELP US KEIP PRICES DOWN 
• RY CARRYING YOUR OWN GROCERIES TO 
YOUR CAR. 
9 
W I KEEP THE OVERHEAD TO THI RARE 
• MINIMUM SO WE CAN HAVE LOWER PRICES. 

W 

WE WILL HAV! LITTLE OR NO 
• ADVERTISING. 

•mm'.- 

 r n 
, 
WAREHOUSE 

Hfeit/iDServe'tiv 

3526 SOUTH m i m o m . is 

 v 

/ 
V 
\\ \ 

 i* U 

•Aft|MOUSC 
WAM mOUM 

 r n 
J / . 
3719 BUNCO 
ROAD 

W U 

99o BANDERA 
ROAD 

W U 
WAMMOUSC 
•AMNOUM 

( n m i W M W M M ® - 
2* OFF 
YOUR NEXT CARTON OF 
Coke 
Trade'ifark® 
QUARTS 
WHEN YOU BUY ANY 19 OZ. BAG OF m O T N E R S c o o K i e s 
(YOUR COUPON IS ON THE BACK OF EACH S PEC IA LLY MARKED BA G ) 

K v 

 r 

 a 

\o 

*\ 

134o 
CALLAGHAN 
2o2o AUSTIN 
HIGHWAY 

• aM n° u i 
3622 
SII SO. 
FREDERICKSBURG RD. 
W.W. WHITE RD. 

•AM NOUM 

5TORBHOURJ• l l 
TO. 

I 
I 

©PSN T O A V S u s e e * i 

K SA (/ L f Q U A 
S e e p 
S/R C O tW 
STEAK 

& 

I 
I 

A LL FOPPoS<= 
\ 
R u s s e t 

 i 
C F y . 

I B a ster 

I 
I 
I 
I 

Wk 
BAF 
11// 
Iw 
I VII 
ML 
Lg 
I 

I 
I 

WE 
ACCEPT 
FOOD STAMP 

C O U P O N S 

A /A V A L E N O S 
I 
~ 
____ 
I A fapt Salap PRess/u’W [ )1 

I 
I j B e e p 

I 

; Ii 
3 2 oz-.FeruRTJASLe RRR- 
COCACM 
I 

I 
I 

C q K 6 td.. co o K L t:s 
— a j j 

Q UAR-f 
I Ii * 
^ 
I /A I 

P l u s P e F U S s r 

I 
I 
I 
I 

I Sweep £ creamy 
'AVOCADOS 

I 

I 
I 
I 
I 

F o x F e e O 
X F 
J AU. V ARtenes 
I PIZZA 

/3% 
F F F . 

OZ. 
6 PACK- 
FZo*. 

C A U S . 

PR O PER T Y o F fv o p M 

J CHOC. em ft 
- C H o C .C H /f> 
I F V 
P t t O R O A T 
I 
I 

IS o z 
BAF 

P 
I 
I 

I 
I 

Page- 
8-8 _ San Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— Sunday April I 7 1977 
S W T tops in media contest 

SPECIAL TO THE EXPRESS-NEWS 
SAN 
ANGELO 
- 
Southwest Texas State 
University Saturday took sweepstakes in general magazine and was se­ cond in newspaper com­ petition in Division I of the 55th annual Texas 
Intercollegiate Press 
Assn. contest. 

College and university journalists from across 
Texas met at Angelo 
State University for the annual 
TIPA spring conclave that ended Sa­ turday. 

Entries from 38 schools in newspaper, yearbook, general and literary ma­ gazine and radio and television competition were judged by profes­ sionals in four states. 

Dr. Frank Buckley of 
Southwest Texas State 
University served as contest director. TIPA’s central offices are at 
SWT. 

.Several area students from SWT at San Mar­ cos, Texas A&I at Kings­ ville, Pan American Uni­ versity at Edinburg and 
Southwestern University at Georgetown placed at the meet. They are: 

D IVISIO N I 
Radio: feature, first. Jim 
Little, SW T; documentary, first, M ike W agner, S W T ; sportscast, third, Mio Squil- la, 
S W T ; c o m m e rc ia l, second, Janet Green, SW T, and weekly program, th ird ,' 
Eddie Robinson, SWT. 

Television: w eekly p ro­ gram m ing, first, “ Insight 
IO,” SW T; feature, first, Liz 
Gaston, SW T ; sportscast/- p ro g ram , firs t. 
M ike 
W ag n er, S W T , and spot commercial, first, Wagner, 
SW T, second. Ja c k King, 
SWT, and third, G ary Smith, 
SWT. 
» 

Newspaper: overall, first, 
S W T ; news sto ry, firs t, 
Eugene Hildebrandt, SW T, third, Anita Camarillo, A & I; editorial, first, Diana Ban ­ da, P A U , second, Ja n n a 
G o w er, 
S W T ; s e rie s, second, Ig n acio G a r c ia , 
A & I; general column, third, 
B ru ce G a u ltn e v , 
S W T ; specialized column, first. 
Jack Dennis, SWT, second, 
Gene Bering, SW T ; sports, news, second, David Flores, 
A & I; sports column, first, 
Douglas B illn itz e r, SW T , and third, Flores, A & I; sin­ gle ad, second. Sam Gon­ zalez, SW T ; ad campaign, th ird , 
D anny 
R a m ire z , 
SW T; picture story, second, 
Larry Bates, SW T; picture sequence, third, M ich ael 
Diehl, SW T; special effects, second, Diehl, SW T; editor­ ial cartoon , firs t, T e rry 
T oler, S W T ; single page m akeup, second, D avid 
Flo res, A & I, th ird, P o lly 
Ross and Bobby H aen el, 
SW T; headline, third, Haen­ el, SW T, and illustration, second, Sally Miller, A&l. 
Yearbook: color feature photo, first, David Schnitz, 
A&I. 

General magazine, o ver­ a ll, firs t, S W T ; fe a tu re story, second, Dennis Gis- se 11, S W T ; news fe a tu re story, first, T e rry T oler, 
SW T; editorial, first, Toler, 
SW T; sports feature story, first, Kurt Salziger, SW T ; sports photo, hon orable mention, SW T; feature pho­ to, first, Paul Gilbert, SW T; color feature photo, Gilbert, 
SW T; picture story, second, 
Toler, SW T; special effects photo, second, G ilb e rt, 
S W T ; illu stra tio n s, first, 
Toler, SW T, and cartoons, second, 
Danny 
Ramirez, 
SWT. 

D IVISIO N ll 
N ew sp ap er: o v e ra ll, third, SU ; general column, first, G eorge Young and 
Kay Webb, SU ; news photo, third, Dustin Ja m e s , SU , and headline, third, Webb, 
SU. 
Perez to head heart fete 

KENS-TV personality 
Maclovio Perez has been appointed Cyclethon 77 chairman for the San 
Antonio Chapter of the 
American Heart Assn. 

The 
Cyclethon. special event, is scheduled for May 7 a, 
Mc Allister Park, 131o2 
Jones-Maltsberger Road. 
Prizes contributed by local merchants will go to participants who raise exceptional amounts for the American 
Heart 
Assn. program as a re­ sult of the cyclethon. 

Perez emphasized the objective of the Cyclethon is to raise money for support of local pro­ grams, heart research, education and communi­ ty service and to remind the public of the health benefits of bicycling. 

Registration forms and information regarding 
Cyclethon 77 can be ob­ tain at the Heart Assn. office at 12o E. Martin St. or by phoning 226-3314. 
Forms are also availa­ ble at all Mr. M's Stores and cycling shops throughout the eitv 

To hare your problem solved or a ques­ tion answered, write Action-Express, P.O. 
Pox 2171. San Antonio, TX 711297. 

Real Alamo custodians 

I have been following all the controversy about the name of the Alamo in your column and now the big fight going on over the statue that some person wants to donate to the Alamo Chapel. 
But in the midst of all this discussion and confusion, I have recently heard that the Daughters of the Republic of Texas aren’t really the legal custodians of the Alamo at all. 
It has something to do with the original title of the land or something. 
I don’t know if it is related to the Spanish land grant controversies or not. 
I thought all of this was settled by that 19o5 law they keep citing in the DRT’s opposition to the statue. 
I know Action-Express can’t spend all its time doing historical research, but can you find out anything about this? 
We might as well get it all out in the open since we are discussing all this other stuff too. 
HISTORY BUFF 

FORTY 
V THOUS ANJ D 
B U C K S ? 

You really know how to stir things up don’t you. 
The Daughters of the 
Republic of Texas insist they are the legal custo­ dians of the Alamo by a special law passed in 
19o5. 
The local chapter knows nothing about any current confusion over the title. 
Nor do researchers at the Main Library. 
However, Action-Ex­ press has stumbled across some rather in­ teresting information re­ lated to the Alamo that may be related to what you are talking about. 
The Alamo, you may recall, was founded by 
Franciscan priests from 
Mexico (New Spain) as 
Mission San Antonio de 
Valero. It was a mission compound and a church and belonged to the Ro­ man Catholic Church. 
While the use of the property as a mission was a sort of on-again, off-again proposition over the ages, the mis­ sion had pretty much fallen into disrepair and ruin from the ravages of the Battle of the Alamo. 
When Texas became part of the United States, the government declared the mission church was government property and the compound and quarters were used to house troops during the 
Civil War. 

At one point, the city, the Catholic Church and the U.S. government all claimed the mission pro­ perty as their own. 
Eventually the government recognized the church’s claim on the property and leased it from the church. 
Then in 1883, the State of Texas purchased the 
Alamo property from the 
Diocese of San Antonio. 
The Shrine of Texas Li­ berty' was then placed in the custody of the City of 
San Antonio until 19o5 when the law was passed making the Daughters of the Republic of Texas permanent custodians. 
The snafu, however, was in that 1883 purchase from the 
Catholic 
Church. 
According to several sources, retired Archbi­ shop Robert E. Lucey frequently told the story about that purchase. In the terms of the purchase agreement the State of 
Texas was to pay the diocese $4o,ooo for the property. 
According to Archbi­ shop Lucey, the Catholic 
Church never received that amount of payment and he jokingly suggest­ ed on occasion he was considering “ repossess­ ing the church’s proper­ ty.’’ 
Maybe that’s what is behind what you heard. 

Windshield wipers 

What is wrong with American industry? 
All the products made in this country are becom­ ing cheaper and cheaper in quality and more and more expensive in cost. 
I have had to put two new sets of windshield w iper blades on the windshield in the past three weeks. 
Surely they are supposed to last longer than THAT t t f » 
I went back to the service station where I bought them and they said there was nothing they could do since there is no warranty attached to the wiper blades. 
What can I do? Can I complain to the Attorney 
General or isn’t he in to protecting consumers with lousy wiper blades? 
SMEARED UP 
Well, things may not be as bad as they seem. 
We seriously doubt that your wiper blades were worn out after three weeks. What probably happened was that dirty water, oil and other dirt were collected on your windshield in excessive amounts and the blades became clogged up, causing them to streak and smear. 
Another culprit in this sort of thing is the wax treatment you can get at some of the big automa­ tic car washes in town — the wax also clogs up your wiper blades, coats the glass and, in general, doesn't help your vision at all when it rains again. 
Here’s w hat to do: Take some vinegar and clean the wiper blades and the 

 windshield glass. 
Or even household glass cleaner will help. Do 
NOT use the gunk they spray on your windshield at service stations, as it sometimes (not always, but you never know what kind they are using) compounds the build-up problem. 
If you get caught som- wherc where you can’t use vinegar or glass cleaner, just take heavy paper towels (or the towels at a service sta­ tion) and rub them up and down on the wiping side of the blades several times, cleaning the dirt and oil and other smeary junk off the cleaning surface of the wipers. 
You should be able to see again. 
Safe driving. 

• Keep Rooms Cooler 

• Save Air Conditioning 

• Stop Sun fade 

• Make Glass Safer 

En|oy the view outside, while let­ 

 ting in light without heat-glare & 

 fading from the sun! 

SOkAR-’X 
OF SAN ANTONIO 
4o1 ISOM RD. SUITE 21o 
349-6469 

AUTOMOBILE 
GLASS 
TINTING 
AVAILABLE 

Overpowered by high utility costs? Now ’s time for Burns home 

 lf you are a homeowner being overpowered by growing utility bills, now is the time to invest in a Burns Co. “ Power Saver” home. 
Because most homes over five years old were built without energy effi­ ciency standards, owners are left with the threat of ever increasing utility costs and no protection from their older home 
Wasted energy 
Poor insulation; ill - planned heating and cooling systems; and misplaced windows all add up to the wasted en­ ergy common to homes built before the energy threat became apparent. 
Utility costs in maintaining a home of this nature can exceed monthly payments on the home. While the value of replacing your home has increased, many buyers are wary of buying a home built without energy - efficient standards in the face of today’s econ­ omy. 

The Burns Co. set out, four years ago, to solve this dilemma for present homeowners. Each Burns Co. home is engineered with proven “ Power 
Saver” construction techniques to maximize energy use at all times. The 
1977 models — in addition to extra in­ sulation, double glass and power ven­ tilators — are sealed during construc­ tion to reduce the major cause of high heating and cooling costs: air infiltra­ tion. 
From top to bottom and from the inside out, every Burns Co. home is built to meet strict energy - efficient standards. While this is a major con­ cern of the Burns Co., it never neglects the styling or livability of a home. 
The Burns Co.’s “ Power Saver” home collection features exciting op­ tions to suit any lifestyle. Handsome living areas, with deep - pile carpeting and furniture - finished paneling, are planned around sunken conversation pits or more traditional plans. All in­ clude woodburning fireplaces and built 
- in bookcases. Some models feature a 

 roll - out TV cabinet, completely an­ tenna - wired, under the stair landing. 
Spacious master bedrooms include separate dressing areas and walk - in closets. Built - in alcoved beds with mattresses, drawer space and tov storage are optional in some upstairs bedrooms for children. 
Extra features are found in the “ wife saver” kitchen areas, too. Many be­ come family activity centers, some with updated versions of the breakfast nook popular in the 2os. The modern plan features built - in seating with shelved plant windows and niches for greenery. 
The Burns Co. invites all prospective home buyers in San Antonio to see the advantages of owning a “ Power 
Saver” home. Burns Co. representa­ tives will be happy to show interested persons homes under construction to point out the cost - cutting techniques invisible in a completed home. 
Sales offices are open in The Great 
Northwest and Hidden Forest daily, except Wednesday, from noon to 8 p.m. 

 found in finest areas 

THE RO CKW O O D is one of 2 2 houses being introduced in Burns Co. collection 

Quality built elegance and dynamic styling add up to the 
“ personality - p lu s’’ Great 
Am erica homes creating so much excitement among home buyers in San Antonio. 
Every turn of the corridor and every room of the home surprise the visitor with refreshing and exciting features. 
Panoramic view 
Enter a Great America home to the breathtaking panoramic view of a spacious living area with brick - craft­ ed fireplaces and soaring ceilings which may extend beyond second - story living areas or indoor balconies. 
Generous panels of glass merge the environment and the home into one airy, open living concept. 
Natural utilization of space by Great 
America home designers eliminates the four - walled, closed - in feeling of conventional housing. Instead, a Great 
America home may center life around an enormous family living area adja­ cent to the breakfast nook and kitchen and with easy access to outdoor patios, pools and garden landscaping. 

Formal living and dining areas — many with built - in buffets, cabinets and glass - doored upper cabinets for display — lie to the opposite side of the kitchen, creating a complete walk - through serving area perfect for home entertaining. 
This unstructured feeling of extend­ ed living space is found among the bedrooms and master suite, all tucked away from traffic areas for privacy. 
Many have sloped ceilings, glass - 

 paneled walls and indoor or outdoor balconies overlooking great views or living areas below. Master suite plans examine the alternatives to the dark, crowded baths common to most homes with separate his - n - her dressing areas, vanities and walk - in closets connected by a sunken Roman tub. 
Other plans combine patio and sitting areas in the master suite. . . 
You will find Great America homes in San Antonio’s finest communities. 
In the Northwest, new Great Ameri­ ca homes are available in the country­ side setting of Park Forest, off Rock­ hill - Selma Road north of Wurzbach 
Road, where homes range from $59,ooo to $1oo,ooo. Hidden Creek features 
Great America homes from $83,ooo to 
$115,ooo and is located off Vance Jack­ son Road north of NAV. Loop 41o. 
Also in northwestern San Antonio, 
Forest Oaks Estates offers Great 

America homes from $45,5oo to $8o,ooo. 
Visit the community by driving north on Evers Road off NAV. Loop 41o. 
Great America’s newest community. 
Elm Creek, is located off Rockhill - 
Selma Road north of Wurzbach Road and features new homes from $8o,ooo. 
In north central San Antonio, new 
Great America homes are available in 
Thousand Oaks, a quiet community off 
San Pedro Avenue north of N.W. Loop 
41o, with homes from $59,ooo to $75,ooo. 
Hidden Forest is nestled among the rolling hills of north central San An­ tonio on Bitters Road off Blanco Road, and new Great America homes here are available from $58,ooo to $72,ooo. 
The Oaks in San Pedro Hills, with tree - covered lots overlooking down­ town San Antonio, features Groat 
America homes from $49,7oo to $6o,ooo. 
Visit the community north of N.W. 
Loop 41o off San Pedro Avenue. 

A magazine for you from the Golden Twins 

.Sec Section W 
IN 
THE SUNDAY 
EXPRESS NEWS 

NEW HOMES 
TOWNHOMES 
APARTMENTS^! 

J 
% V 

^ ----- A^lLAR G l^ L a s^ F lE D iiK D REAL ESTATE SECTION l¥~SOtlTH TEXAS'FORMOPE 1THAN IOO 

COMMUNITIES 
FOR ALL KINDS 
. x O F LIFESTYLES 
__ 

CLASSIFIED DISPLAY 
CLASSIFIED DISPLAY 
CLASSIFIED DISPLAY 
CLASSIFIED DISPLAY 
CLASSIFIED DISPLAY" a A « m r o w s i * L A Y 
CLASSIFIED DISPLAY 
CLASSIFIED DISPLAY 
ClAW FIFD DISPLAY 

S ob, 

Everyone 

Special 

That Something Special for 
E V E R Y O N E is what makes 
Briarwick such an overwhelming success! Many have chosen 
Briarwick as their home because of its lovely countrylike environ­ ment. Others like its conven­ ience 3rd accessibility to shopping centers, expressways, and the military bases. 
NO C IT Y T A X E S here means a lower m onthly pay­ ment and E N E R G Y -S A V IN G 
FE A TU R E S help reduce utility bills . . . very special to DAD. 

For the KIDS 
. San Antonio's newest and finest school in the excellent North East School District! 

P i 

For MOM 
All-electric Kitchen with time-saving dishwasher, dis­ poser, vent hood and . . . 

...ENERG Y-SAVING 
'MICROWAVE 
OVEN. 
CB LITTON 
Most Royal Crest homes in 
Briarwick include thus Litton 
Microwave Oven. Conventional cooking and the convenience 
T * V f l T f B of Microwave in one self- 
EVERYONE 
C leaning unit! 

. . . all the luxuries of a new home including 
•Fireplace *Cathedral Ceiling • Masonry 
Exterior ‘ Carpeting ^Central A ir and Heat. 

 v 
$354/mo 
Your Family- ^ 
Deserves the “Centennial”! 

FURNISHED MODELS 
OPEN 9AM - SPM 

494*1926 

"Based on purchase price of $38,2oo, no down payment and 36o equal monthly payments at 8% annually. VA Financing. 

Principal and Interest 
$28o.38 
Taxes 
$62.62 
(NO) City Taxes 
$o.oo 
Insurance 
. $19.oo 
T O T A L M O N TH LY PA Y M E N T $352.oo 

* 
* royal crest homes 

THIS HOME HAS BEEN THE leading builder’s leading design for the past 12 months! 

Split bedroom plan for privacy • Master suite features cathedral ceiling, compartmented bath, huge walk-in closet • Cathedral ceiling and fire­ place in living area • Formal dining area* B uilt­ in electric kitchen, breakfast area • Carpeting 
• Exclusive Energy Package • Complete privacy fencing! 

PERFECT AREA, TOO! 

Northeast Schools • C onvenient to Ft. Sam 
Houston and Randolph AFB • Minutes to Wind­ sor Park Mall • Neighborhood swimming pool and tennis courts! 

See 8722 Kentsdale 

NO DOWN ANO NO CLOSING COSTS, 
VA! NO CITY TAXES MEANS 
LOWER MONTHLY PAYMENTS! 
NO MONTHLY PAYMENT 
UNTIL AUGUST! 

•Cash price: $38,1oo. No down paym ent and no closing costs. VA m ortgage $38,1oo. 36o equal monthly principal and interest paym ents of 
$279 92 for 3o years at 8 % Annual Percentage 
Rate. 
Principal and Interest 
$279 92 
Taxes (County, State, School) 
55 o8 
(No!) City Taxes 
. . 
-o- 
Insurance 
19 oo 
TOTAL M O NTHLY PA Y M EN T 
$354 oo it's all in 
* 
Camelot by 
Ray Ellison 
Homes 

Furnished models open daily until 8 p.m. Take IH-35 to the Walzem exit, drive east on Walzem and follow the signs. 
655-4123 

San Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— Sunday April I 7 I 9 7 7 
Pctpe 
I -C 

GREAT AMERICA building new hom es in only the most prestigious of areas 
Great America houses 

San Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— Sunday April 17 1977 
Camelot combines perfection 

\ 

At Ray E lliso n ’s C a­ melot, in the northeas­ tern San Antonio area, home buyers are disco­ vering what some 7o,ooo 
San Antonians already know for a fact: Ray El­ lison homes re p rese n t the perfect combination of quality and economy for today’s home buyer. 
In Camelot, people are finding a choice selection of new home designs, fe atu rin g top quality construction, spacious­ ness and all the exciting 
“ e x tra s” that come as sta n d a rd in m ost Ray 
Ellison homes. 
Advantages 

To begin with, Came­ lot^ location outside the city limits offers econo­ mic advantages from the outset in terms of no city taxes. But, despite the absence of city taxes. 
Camelot is located with ideal proximity to the m agnificent 
W indsor 
P a rk Mall and many large su p e rm a rk e ts, drug stores and specialty shops established in the area. 
Another “ bonus” that comes as standard with the Camelot lifestyle is the nearness of excellent schools which cover the whole range from grade school through high school, where the e m ­ phasis is on educational excellence and varied extracurricular activities which encourage leader­ ship, social adjustment 

CUES SIF IEO o iiM A V ------------------ 

 and initiative. 
E nergy 
- saving packages in each Ray 
Ellison home are d e­ signed to save up to % or even m ore on utility costs. The Ellison energy package includes extra wall and ceiling insula­ tion which exceeds VA / 
EHA standards; double - paned windows; special caulking and interlocking thresholds around windows and doors; power attic venti­ lators; and energy - effi­ cient central air condi­ tioning and heating sys­ tems. 

Quality is the keynote for Ray Ellison's diverse model selection in Ca­ melot, featuring attrac­ tive brick exteriors, pro­ fessional landscaping, privacy fencing and pa­ tios perfect for weekend barbecues as Spring ap­ proaches. Interiors are highlighted by carpeting, decorator wall fabrics, 

 all - electric kitchens with microwave ovens and woodburning fire­ places as standard in many models. 

Another very im po r­ tant plus for home buyers who have p re ­ viously run into d e ­ velopers who left them 
“ high and dry” after the 

BRIARWICK homes selling at quick paces, right prices 

 close of the sale is Ray 
Ellison’s extraordinary customer service opera­ tion, in which Ellison representatives are fully responsive to buyer needs for a full year fol­ lowing the purchase of a new; Ray Ellison home. 
M ilitary com m uters will find Camelot located squarely between Fort 
Sam Houston and Ran­ dolph AFB and with easy access to the Pan Am 
Expressway, which gives a direct shot downtown and the pleasures of San 
Antonio. 
Model homes may be explored in Camelot dai­ ly at 823o New World Dr. in Camelot. Simply take 
N.E. IU 35 to Walzem 
Road, turn east on 
Walzem past W indsor 
Park Mall and follow the signs to New World 
Drive. 

Construction crews are working at full speed to meet the demand for new homes in 
Camelot by Ray Ellison. Here worksmen 

 apply the roof of the popular “ Celebrity model. 

CLASSIFIED DISPLAY 
C CASS HWD DISPLAY 
CtA SSII IID O ISPlA Y 
'CLASSIFIED DISPLAY 
This Mew Home 
Costs Less Than 
Tour Old Home. 

‘Rush’ on to Briarwick 
Construction crews are working at full speed to meet the demand for new homes at Briarwick, by 
Royal Crest Homes, but arca sales m anager Ed 
R ichardson says his inventory is being rapid- cussiniB m p x x r 

 s what Kiver Bena Country 

 offers. W aterfront hillside or 

 hilltop home sites-of generous 

 size, modest cost. Prices start at 

$ 1 ,4 9 5 .o o in this proud, restricted 

 and established community on the 

 shores of Lake Dunlap. Just 

 outside of N ew Braunfels, only 25 

 minutes by auto from San Antonio. 

Year round fishing: boat docks, fishing pier 
Clubhouse and Olympic-size pool 
• City-type utilities, paved streets 
• Ow ner financing available 

Directions: Take 1-35 to New 
■4- 
Braunfels, turn right at lake 
McQueeney exit (FM 7 2 5 ), follow signs. 
River Bend Realty 

1 - 6 2 5 - 9 4 1 7 
CB rd Aiiorv 

Iv depleted and he is selling “ out ahead” now to families who wish to move to their new homes before the sta rt of the next school year. 
“ I’m down to a handful of homes that are ready for im m ed iate occu­ pancy,” Richardson said. 
“ and the demand is so strong that it probably won’t be long before I’m offering homes for 
Christmas delivery!” 
Standards 
Richardson claims that 
Briarwick offers home - seeking families a p er­ fect combination of loca­ tion, quality and price, with added features as sta n d a rd s m ost other builders offer only as op­ tions at additional cost to the home buyer. 
“ The buyer today wants a fine home at reasonable prices,” Ri­ chardson said, “ and the buyer wants extra amen­ ities like fireplaces, mi­ crowave ovens and fine quality c a rp e tin g ,” he said, “ and they’re su r­ prised when they find features like that are standard in practically every home we sell.” 
Briarwiek’s prime lo­ cation, five miles north of 
N. E. Loop 41o, places it within the excellent 
North East School Dis­ trict yet beyond the reach of city taxes, giving fa­ m ilies the benefits of outstanding educational programs and the ease of lower monthly mortgage payments. 
The quality that is built into every B riarw ick 

 home is evident not only in the exterior masonry but in the interior finish­ ing touches. The price tag is appealing not only to young families looking for their first homes but to m ore estab lish ed hom em akers ready to step up to a more con­ temporary lifestyle. 
B riarw ick paneled dens with soaring cathe­ dral ceilings and brick or stone-front fireplaces are perfect for evening relaxation or entertain­ ing, while backyard pa­ tios are perfect for the barbecue w eekends on the horizon. 

T h erm ostatically controlled central heat­ ing and air conditioning deliver an energy-effi­ cient wallop because the units are teamed with an energy package designed to cut energy consump­ 

 tion d ra m a tic a lly , w hether in the heat of 
Summer or the coldest of 
Winter days. 
Included in the energy package are wall and ceiling insulation that exceeds VA / FUA stan­ dards; turbine roof ven­ tilator; interlocking thresholds and special caulking designed to halt infiltration of outside air; and, in most models, even double-pane win­ dows designed to make the Briarwick home snug and cozy no matter what the weatherman dictates. 
To reach the Briarwick sales office to view the model home with all the features that set Royal 
Crest homes apart, drive north from N.E. Loop 41o on W etmore Road past 
T housand Oaks Drive and soon you will see the 
Briarwick entrance and the Avenue of Flags. 

CLASSIFIED DISPLAY 
Ma1\e us the center your ivorid I 

CLASSIFIED DISPLAY 
CLASSIFIED DISPLAY 

I’m Buddy Burns. And I'd like to shed som e 
: licht on your old hom e. If your hom e is 
5 years old or older, chances are it's obsolete. 
That ’s right, obsolete. Be­ cause at the tim e your hom e was built, there were virtually no energy-etfi- ciency standards. As a result, m any San A ntonians are faced with utility bills that may soon exceed their house paym ents! 

Why NOW Is The Tim e To Buy. 
Let's look at the facts. Since you invested in your hom e a few years ago, tw o things have hap­ pened. For one, you've been m aking house paym ents for sev­ eral years, so your equ ity has grown. Too, since the cost of m olding a new hom e has stead­ ily increased, the cost of repine- ing your hom e has increased. 
BUT, because your old hom e isn't energy efficient, it w astes valuable energy. And believe it or not, hom eow ners around the country are actually beginning to lose m oney w hen they sell their older hom es. Because n o­ 

 body w ants to buy a hom e where the cost of heating and cooling exceeds the m om m y payments. 
My advice is this: With the m oney you can m ake by selling your old hom e right now, you can probably m a k e the d o w n ­ paym ent am i m ove into a new burns (.7). P ower S aver” hom e today. And, w hile your house paym ents may be a little higher, the low er u tility hills should easily offset the difference. The only thing you can't afford to do is wait m uch longer. 

 ing and cabinetry, and wood- burning fireplaces. Big, bright 
“ wife saver" kitchens, with 
General Electric appliances and plenty of cabinet storage. Luxu­ rious baths with marble vanities and full size tubs And elegant m aster suites, w ith walk-in closets and separate dressing areas. Priced from $46,ooo to 
$65,ooo. For additional informa­ tion, call the arca sales office 
(see map), or your realtor. Re­ m ember, the longer you watt, the more you stand to lose. 

Come See My H om es Today. 
Take a few m inutes this after­ noon to see m y new Power 
Saver" hom es in Hidden forest and The Great N orthw est. 
You’ll see handsom e living areas, with plush dcep-pile carpet, turniture-finisTicd panel- 
HlUtfrCO’ 

I 1X31 Radium, San Antonio, 
Texas 78216 

Power Saver IP Model Home at 
87o6 Tim bcrwilde in The 
G reat Northwest. 

Great kitchen, 
Mary Simpson! 

Com e out to d ay and le t our ap artm en ts be the center of your w orld!, Efficiencies, 
I , 
2 , 
3 bedroom s and townhouses. 
(A ll u til­ ities p aid ). Rents start a t $1 8 5 /m o n th . 

M aison de Ville 

. 
3 4 4 - 9 1 5 8 

1ooo JACKSON-KELLER ROAD 

Don't be surprised if someone tells you how reat your Great America rome looks. Because at 
Great America, we believe you can see the difference quality makes. 
In our garden kitchens, with handfinished cabinets and top quality appliances. In our roomy living areas, with vaulted cathedral ceilings, built-in bookcases and woodbum- mg fireplaces. In our lavish ceramic tile baths, with marble vanities and decorator appointments. 
Even in our generous mas­ ter suites, with private baths and walk-in closets. 
Everywhere you look, there is careful attention to design, styling, practi­ cality and energy-efR- ciency. 
But that's only the in­ side story. Outside, Great 
America homes are strik­ ingly individualistic. Each home is designed for its particular homesite. Some are traditional, others reflect the informality of 
California styling. Some have soaring rooflines, 

 cedar trim and second- story balconies. Others are simple, yet elegant. 
But all are equally suited to entertaining and day- to-day family living. 
You'll find these really great homes in San 
Antonio's finest com­ munities. In Northwest 
San Antonio, we have new homes in Park Forest, 
Hidden Creek, Forest Oak 
Estates, and now, 
Elm Creek. In North 
San Antonio, we have new homes in Thousand 
Oaks, The Oaks in 
San Pedro Hills, and 
Hidden Forest, Each community is minutes from excellent schools, near major shopping and employment centers. 
Prices range from the upper-4o's to $1oo,ooo. 
Visit these fine com­ munities today and look for our new red, white and blue signs. For additional information on a particu­ lar community, call 
69o-o3oo. The really great homes in San Antonio are 
Great America homes. 
Just ask any of our home­ owners. a 
GREAT AMERICA 
The really great homes in San Antonio. 

42o4 Gardendale, Suite 3o3, 69o-o3oo, Headquarters for Great America Construction Co. 

San Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— Sunday April 17 1977 
Page • 3-C 
Patio homes offered in Meadow Oaks 

T h is weekend U. S. 
Home Corp. w ill make special offers with pur­ chases of the building - developing firm ’s inno­ vative patio hom es in 
Meadow O aks, now an established com m unity serenely situated in northeastern 
Bexar 
County. 
U. S. Home, said to be the largest home build­ ing firm in the nation, has included landscaping and completely equipped kitchens in the price of each Meadow Oaks patio home, presenting a g i­ gantic bargain for any buyer. 

Privacy 

The dramatic debut of these patio hom es in 
Meadow Oaks meant the long awaited arrival of the utmost in carefree, modern living in a set­ ting so serene yet so convenient to so many different destination points. 
Although "carefree” is a good word to descrive the lifestyles for which these patio homes are most suited, another key feature they present is privacy, a kind of inti­ macy so many seek in this kind of residence. 
Stand ard s am ong 
Meadow 
O aks patio homes would be consi­ dered ‘‘extras” at sim i­ lar projects in the vicin­ ity. Each has a private courtyard and patio; 

 m m m m . 
M EADO W O AKS patio homes include completely equipped kitchen in sales 

 roomy storage and utility rooms; and two - car covered carports with rear entries that mean front yards look good at all times. 
Most surprising about these patio homes, per­ haps, is their reasonable price range which, to­ gether with the lands­ caping and completely equipped kitchens, pre­ sents a unique offer. 
A s well, these patio hom es boast features that exemplify the real 

CLASSIFIED DISPLAY 
CLASSIFIED DISPLAY 

 meaning of U. S. Home’s exclusive housing con­ cept. the "Snug Home.” 
"Snug Home” briefly describes the solid con­ struction of its IOO per cent m asonry homes. 
Although it sounds sim ­ ple enough, there is much to it. especially when the need for modern families to save as much energy as pos­ sible is considered. The 
Sn u g 
Hom e accom ­ plishes that with ease. 
Energy - saving fea- 
CLASSIFItD DISPLAY 

 it SNUG HO M E” INSULATION FEATURES: 

• 1 o o % BRICK C O N S T R U C T IO N Maintenonce Free & Energy Saving. 

• DYLITE PO LYSTYREN E IN S U L A T IO N B O A R D Reduces heat loss 
5 o % and more and resists moisture penetration and humidity. 

A FULL 4 ” W ALL IN S U L A T IO N Cuts those utility bills drastically. 

• FULL 6 " C E IL IN G IN S U L A T IO N For maximum savings. 

• SPECIAL SO LA R G R A Y W IN D O W G L A S S Darkens to cut out the sun s hot rays, helps protect draperies and furnishings. 

• EFFICIENCY E N G IN E E R E D AIR C O N D IT IO N IN G UNIT Larger than necessary — M ore efficient. 

• STEEL E N C A S E D D O O R S W / Magnetic refrigerator-type weather stripping. 

STANDARD FEATURES: 

• Handcrafted W oodburning Fireplaces w /g a s log lighters 
• Deluxe All Electric Kitchens 
• Choice of Quality Carpet Throughout 
• Modern G a s Central Heating 
• Electric Central A / C 
• Bathrooms: vinyl wail covering, marbled vanity-tops, tiled tub & shower areas, mirrored vanity walls, shower & decorated valance lighting. 
• Elegant Vaulted Ceilings 
• Sunny Box W indow s 
• IO Minutes from Shopping Malls. 

THE EASY W A Y TO LIVE cIfleaclow 

*28,95o TO *36,95o 

Patio homes in M eadow O aks are designed to give you the kind of living you’ve been waiting for. The ultimate in privacy and freedom from maintenance, these homes offer large windowed living areas overlooking beautiful courtyards. Solid brick walls lining side yards accent the courtyards and assure all patio homeowners the enjoyment of indoor-outdoor living with maximum privacy. Full, professional landscaping and a complete kitchen are ncluded in the price of your new home! 
And “The O a k s ” swim and tennis club is ready for you to enjoy. 

M E A D O W O A K S also features 6 beautifully furnished 2, 3 & 4 

Bedroom model homes from $ 3 1 ,9 5 o *o $45,75o. 

OPEN DAILY 9-9 
658-7461 

ONLY 5 % DO W N CONVENTIONAL 
$75o M O VE-IN AVAILABLE ON 
SOME PATIO HOMES 
• 
$1.oo VA CLOSING COSTS 
N O DO W N PAYMENT 

•LISTED O N THE NEW YORK STOCK EXCHANGE 

. . .WORTH CO M IN G HOME TO. 

OlttCTIOHS 
Morthtost on IH 

35 hi Loop 16o4, (urn right, 

 dnvo thro* m in u te until you 

 toe 
Meadow 
Ookv sign on 

 right 

 tures in 
Hom ecraft houses actually result in 
“ tight” insulation — not just ample insulation. 
Items included in the 
Snug Home concept are double - paned, solar gray windows, light - re­ sistant with strategic lo­ cations; foil 
- faced sheathing added to wall insulation to reflect both heat and light; and steel - encased doors with mag­ netic, refrigerator - type weatherstripping. 
Besides its new series of patio homes, a total of six model homes will be showcased in Meadow 
O aks this weekend. 
These fully furnished, professionally decorated models have caught the interest of many home shoppers looking for a fine house nestled among trees of a neighborhood near all the city conven­ iences 

This is because Mea­ dow Oaks fits that de­ scription to the fullest. 
Its serenity, combined with convenience, has made it the choice of many families. 

The market - tested floor plans and designs 
U. S. Home offers in this com m unity m ake up even more reasons for its surge in popularity. 
It is in Meadow Oaks that U. S. Home proudly presents not only its new 

 patio homes but also ifs two recent Snug Home models and its original four m odels lo fully represent modern hous­ ing availab le in the neighborhood. 
.lust some of the fea­ tures are all - electric, decorator kitchens; fine carpeting; handcrafted, woodburning fireplaces with gas log lighters; and, of course, optimal insulation. 
The choice location of 
Meadow Oaks is still an­ other reason for so many families’ moving there. 
The community is con­ venient to Randolph A F B via N. E. F M 16o4. It is also near the shopping and entertainment faci­ lities of both Universal 
City and northeastern 
San Antonio. 
Also, an amenity area aptly called “The Oaks” 
Swim and Tennis Club is exclusively for the en­ joyment of Meadow Oaks residents. 
Complete city services. of course, are in Meadow 
Oaks, actually outside 
San Antonio City Limits. 
The community is in the p ro gre ssive 
Judson 
School District. 
M eadow 
O aks is reached most easily by exiting from N. E 111 35 to N. E. F M 16o4 and proceeding east to the co m m u n ity’s grand entranceway. 
Seminar has Baker as speaker 

Methods of profession­ al selling will be taught to m em bers of the San 
Antonio Board of Real­ tors at a self - motivation sem inar in the S A B O R auditorium 
Tuesday from 9 a.m. lo noon. 
No charge will be made for the seminar, hut re­ servations are suggested since only the first 3oo will be seated, according to Ray Ragsdill, board president. 

Speaker 

Dan Baker, national­ ly known motivator, entertainer and educator, will conduct the seminar. 
He has taught marketing and com m unication courses for the Texas 
Association of Realtors and has been a featured speaker at Sa le sm a n 's 
Day for the T A R conven­ tion. 
Baker lives in San An­ tonio but travels throughout the country speaking at banquets, conventions and m an­ agement and sales se­ minars. He has recently published a 9o - minute tape entitled “The Day of the Pro.” He is the auth­ or of a new hook, “Ever­ ything Going Your Way.” 
Baker is a graduate of 

DAN BAKER 

Southwestern University and P e rk in s School of 
Theology of Southern 
Methodist University. He served in the Methodist ministry for six years. He also has had a successful career as a professional salesman. He served as personnel director of a large local firm and agent for a nationally known life insurance company. 

CLASSIFICD OI W IA Y 
CIA SSW ID o4 SAI AY 

Grand Opening • May 21, 1977 
GARDEN HOME 
PREVIEW 
THIS WEEKEND!!! 

 mid $6o,ooo to mid $8o,ooo by Sitterle Properties 
(M issile 
O iSeit 
696-3838 L X 

Marketed by 
^ 
Guy Chi pm an 
Company Realtors 

San Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— Sunday April 17 1977 
Oak Meadow lauded 

*^ :,v v^;> - • 
........ v. 
*v 
I m n 
S 
. 
■ 
' 

HIDDEN FOREST features I 5725 Partridge Trail by James Japhet, Builder 
Hidden Forest awaits 

Discover Hidden For­ est as a world of your own — a secluded world nestled in the rolling, wooded hills just north of 
San Antonio. 
Here, in Hidden For­ est, can be discovered luxurious new homes in a lush natural setting abounding with large oak trees, an environmental­ ly planned community designed with you in mind. 
12 builders 
Twelve of San Anton­ io's finest homebuilders are constructing luxury houses now in Hidden 
Forest. Dynamic innova­ tions in architectural de­ sign highlight these out­ standing homes, many of which have spacious views of the surrounding 

‘your discovery’ 

 countryside. These beau­ tiful new’ homes are priced from $5o,ooo and will be open for your convenience this week­ end. 
One of the many ad­ vantages of living in 
Hidden Forest is that the community is located just outside the San An­ tonio city limits. Ho­ meowners pay no city taxes. 
The children in Hidden 
Forest also have the ad­ vantage of being in the 
North East School Dis­ trict. Castle Hills Ele­ mentary, Eisenhower 
Middle and Churchill 
High Schools serve the 

 area. There is also a school site for a future elementary school cen­ trally located within the 
Hidden Forest communi­ ty. The school is to open in Fall, 1978. 

To maintain the pri­ vate, secluded nature of 
Hidden Forest, a Ho­ meowners Association administers the com­ munity’s open green ar­ eas, as well as the swim­ ming pool, tennis courts and recreational areas. 
The recreational faci­ lities are available to all residents of Hidden For­ est. 

Discover Hidden For­ 

 est this weekend where you will find luxurious new homes in the rolling, wooded hills of San An­ tonio. 
To reach Hidden For­ est, go north on Blanco 
Road from N. W. Loop 
41o four miles, turn right on Bitters Road to Hid­ den Forest. Or go north on San Pedro Avenue four miles from N. W. 
Loop 41o, turn left on 
’Bitters Road and detour via Interpark Drive. 
Follow the detour back to 
Bitters Road and go two miles more until you come to Hidden Forest, an innovation in total en­ vironment living. 

If fresh air, sounds of the country and trees — lots of them — appeal to you, then Oak Meadow’ is the ideal community lor your family. 
Sitterle Properties, builders in Oak Meadow, is now offering large tree 
- covered homesites where exciting new homes are being con­ structed to be priced from $54,8o(1. 
Floor plans 

These elegant homes are available in a wide selection of floor plans, including one - story, two 
• story and versatile split level designs. Three, four and five bedrooms; decorator baths; cathe­ dral ceilings; luxury carpeting; elegant entries; wet bars; fire­ places; and delightfully decorated all - electric kitchens are features 
Sitterle Properties has proudly built into these exquisite homes. 
Exterior designs are a handsome combination of masonry plus cedar roofs that blend with the country atmosphere. The oversized properties are beautifully landscaped around the existing stands of trees. Pebble - finish patios and walk­ ways further enhance the properties. 
Although 
Sitterle homes are larger than most, for the money, 
Mystery surrounds L’Atriums 

How mysterious is the uniqueness that un­ derlies L ’Atriums of Cin­ namon Creek. 
These apartments, garden - style and built around a completely en­ closed patio or atrium, are at once impressive, but their striking designs nestled in the beautiful oaks of the north San 
Antonio hills are not really showing anyone something entirely new or, strange as it seems, unique. 
Antiquity 

L’Atriums actually are based on architectural trends of as long ago as1 antiquity — even ancient 
Greece and Rome. Ap­ propriately, they are de­ signed for those who appreciate the finer things in life. 
Their name is derived from two words: “ L - shaped” and “ atrium,” each representing archi­ tectural design during the classical ages. Put them together and you have the modern word 
“ L’Atrium.” 
You also have spacious apartment homes of con­ temporary styling in a quiet and exclusive set­ ting — L ’Atriums of 
Cinnamon Creek, 9214 
Dartbrook Dr. just north of Fredericksburg and 
Hamilton - Wolfe Roads’ intersection north of N. 
W. Loop 41o. The project has been carefully planned and strategically located by Clarke - 
Prates Corp., its owner, developer and manage­ ment company since it opened. 
The seemingly new design applied to L ’A- trium apartments works us well as history tells us it has. In fact, it today presents a comfortable way of overcoming the sacrifices of privacy and space in apartment liv­ ing. 
For instance, no L ’A­ trium residents lives cither above or below another. Each atrium or patio is screened with a six - foot privacy fence, and, as added touches of privacy, there are door­ bells on both the front gates and front doors. 
Sliding glass walls provide the ultimate in views by opening to the enclosed patio in the liv­ ing urea for an extra dimension of space and accent on the indoor - outdoor living style of 
L ’Atriums. 
Added conveniences, in many plans, are washer - dryer connections in uti­ lity areas separated from the kitchens. 
Master bedrooms can easily accommodate ex­ tra large furniture with­ out crowding. Separate dressing vanities are an­ other luxury feature of some plans, also with large refrigerators, freezers, ranges, dish­ washers and disposers. 
Some plans have the country kitchens with separate breakfast areas. 
Others have pass • thru 
•windows to a serving bar on the atrium. 

Eight different plans are offered among these apartments. All have individually controlled heat and air condition- 

L’ATRIUMS OF CINNAMON CREEK surrounded by ‘mysterious’ features 

 ins; shag carpeting; and assigned, covered park­ ing space. Amenities for all residents here include a large swimming pool on the tree - shaded pre­ mises. Costs of operating utilities are included in 

 the monthly rental rates, too. 
The location of L ’A­ triums is also conven­ ient. Cinnamon Creek is almost directly across the street from USAA headquarters and close 

 to the South Texas Medi­ cal Center, other major medical facilities and even the UTSA campus. 

L ’Atriums of Cinna­ mon Creek has received citations from Westingh­ 

 ouse as an “ innovative contribution to the field of apartment design” and from the Apartment 
Construction News as a 
“ distinguished multi - family housing design and development.” 

CLASSIFIED DISPLAY 
CLASSIFIED DISPLAY 
CLASSIFIED DISPLAY 
CLASSIFIED DISPLAY 

Rise to 
Xew Heights... 

...WHERE A 36o° VIEW 
COMES WITH 
THE HOUSE. 
V 
"s.. 

Deck 

Bedroom 2 ll m. 

■XI 
Sr 

Carport 
16 > 3-i 

Bedroom 3 
1 ? ■ 11 

M. .—J I 
- 7 1 

 rn n 
Dining Room 
Ll : -•* 
■"* - J 
'£> ■ 
11 I 

Closet 

L 

Living Room 
IU , u 

Deck 

' 
Closet 

Master 
Bedroom 
18 • 19 

 r— — J 

SECOND FLO O R 

FIRST FLOOR 

28629 Dapper Dan Drive, situated high on a hill and designed to take advan­ tage of the spectacular view of the rolling Fair Oaks Ranch landscape. 

F A IR O A K S F E A T U R E S 

* 2 / 2 to 15 acre tracts, naturally landscaped 
• Choice hilltop sites 
• Near IM IO, 16 miles north of 
Wonderland 
• 8 new tennis courts and Swim Club 

Dietz Elkhorn Rd 

FAIR • 
OAKS 

Tratlwood 
Q- 
Camp 
• Stanley 

Leon 
Springs 

Loop 16o4 

U TSA • 

•Central water system on most tracts 
•Situated in 3 counties: 
Bexar, 
Kendall and Comal 
• Riding trails for horses 
• Open daily for inspection 
Fair Oaks 

Marketed by 
Guy Chipman Company Realtors 

Visit the Fair Oaks booth and slide presentation upper level, Central Park Mall. 

Obtain from developer HUD Property 
H a m 
Report and read before signing any 
Don bmitn UOmpSny thing. H UD neither approves the 

698-244o • 698-2832 merits of the offering, nor the value, if any, of the property. 

. 
_ 
OAK MEADOW homes by Sitterle Properties nestled among trees 

 great care has gone into energy - conserving fea­ tures homeowners will appreciate. 
Oak Meadow’s loca­ tion, just north of San. 
Antonio, makes it an ex­ cellent choice for family living with no city taxes, the benefits of city uti­ lities and the services of the preferred North East 
School District, with 
Castle Hills Elementary, 
Jackson 
Middle and 
Churchill High Schools. 
Major malls, restaurants and entertainment are just six minutes away on 
N. W. Loop 41o. 

The recreational faci­ lities at Oak Meadow offer tennis courts and a swim club, including a kiddie pool. 
For those who select 
Oak Meadow for resi­ dence now, there await the choice homesites and the “ pick” of floor plans. 
Oak Meadow homes may be viewed 
Tuesday through Saturday from 
IO a.m. until dusk; Sun­ day and Monday, from noon. Drive out N. W. 
Military Highway, just six minutes from N.W. 
Loop 41o and watch for 
Oak Meadow signs. 

CLASSIFIED DISPLAY 
CLASSIFIED DISPLAY 

CLASSIFIED DISPLAY 
CLASSIFIED DISPLAY 

Qardeii 

7 ^ id g e 

T 
o AttKN 
Jl 
\ rn**oo* 
I 
V 
I 
'SJT 
| 

 lr 
Z n 
. y 

 dr 
\ ii 
11 
<tY 
/ 
N j/ 

I 
I 

Quality Homes in a Country 
Community 
From 

*55,ooo 
651-6237 

Lndshow - Miller 

D evelopm ent Co., Inc. 

 modstone Townnomes 

2 Private Garden Patios for each home 
Cathedral Ceilings 
Balconies 
Fireplaces w/some Models 
Self Cleaning Ovens 
Trash Compactors 
Dishwashers located just minutes from 
Colonies North S. Center, 
Wonderland, UTSA, USAA, 
Datapoint, and the Medical 
Center 

Why 
Rent? 

When you could be building the biggest 
Savings 
Account of your life! 

For $362* per mo. you can own a 3 bedroom Townhome. 
5 % down, priced from 
$38,7oo 

’ $ 2 8 9 Principal & Interest, $65 Taxes, 
$8 insurance, 
$3 62 total mo. pmt. 
(36 o mo. pmts.) 

Woodstone 
Townhomes 

4948 Woodstone Drive 

6 9 o - l l 9 2 

H ID D E N F O R E S T 

Unlimited 
Amentities. 

An exhilarating Sunday morning on the tennis courts. A lazy Sunday af­ ternoon su im in the 

 private pool. A quiet 

 walk in the country air under the oaks. Hilltop views that stretch for miles ... of the hill country and of the 

 downtown skyline. No city taxes. 
Northeast 

 schools. And homes like none you’ve ever seen. 

This is Hidden Forest. 

Custom 
Homes. 

Trees cover these 

 beautiful home sites. 

Stunning cnntemporary split levels with lavish master suites. 
Traditional 
3 and 
I 

 bedrooms, along the 

 creek. 
Luxuriously 

 decorated, yet designed for the live-and-play-at- home family. 
I nusual 

 tri-levels on wooded 

 hilltop cul-de-sacs 

 overlooking the eitv. 

Country wooded yards with privacy. Ready for you to move in. 
New 
Hilltop 
Section. 

Custom homes by twelve of San Antonio's finest builders. Excellent con­ ventional financing. 

Priced from $55,ooo. 

Another Denton Development 

INUivl r jCi 
*43,5oo To *44,95o 
New 3 & 4 Bedroom Alf Brick Homes 
6 5 9 -o 4 7 1 o r 6 1 5 -9 1 9 5 

3 AND 4 BEDROOMS 

MARKETED EXCLUSIVELY 
By WALT CORNELIUS 
828-6343 

*33,65o to *36,ooo 
8% VA Financing 
FHA & Conv. Available 

NORTHSIDE SCHOOLS: 3 ELKS. FROM 
ELEMENTARY & 
CLOSE TO HOLMES 
HIGH & SUL ROSS JR. HIGH— FEA­ 
TURING: 
• 2 Baths • Custom Cabinets • Central 
Heat & Air • Lots O f Closet Space • 
High On A Hill. 

Open 1o AM Til Dark 
H.P. ORTS CONSTRUCTION 
Sales Off: 6 o o 3 W hite Cloud 
6 8 4 -1 3 8 6 

DTT 
NOW 

 most homes, it's the perfect time to find a cash buyer for that outdoor furniture you no longer use! 

And it's easy! Just call us today and we'll put your low-cost ad in print. 

For extra cash, sell that outdoor furniture . . . now! 
Coll 225-1666 

W o o dsto ne 
Town- homes, 4 9 4 8 W ood- stone D r., are near 
UTSA, South Texas 
M edical Center and 
USAA. The communi­ ty enjoys popularity w ith the cre a tive people who work in these areas. 

CLASSIFIED D ISPLAY 
CLASSIFIED D ISPLAY 
IHE PUCE tfORTHCUFj^, 

The Best Of Everything . . . 
WITH A VIEW OF THE HILL COUNTRY, GOLF, TENNIS, SWIMMING, 
TRI-LEVEL COUNTRY CLUB and POSITIVELY THE MOST HOME BUY 
IN THE STATE OF TEXAS. . .A Community of Tomorrow. . . 

 m m i m 

A, 
Hi 

13 Fully 
Decorated 
Models 

Worth 
Coming 
Home 
To 

Total Move-ln 
Veterans 
Low Down Payment 
Conventional 

New townhomes at Woodstone mean good life 

Modern families have better things to do with their free time than mow, trim and clean. That’s the demanding lifestyle of yesteryear. 
Woodstone Townhomes boast the leisurely, active lifestyles of today. 
‘Exciting’ 

The townhouse com­ munity is exciting be­ cause it’s literally carved into a wooded hillside, yielding a country at­ mosphere and the quiet of a cul-de-sac. 
Townhomes of flair and style range in price from $38,7oo to $48,4o1). 
Four different floor plans are available. They have three bedrooms and 
2*2 baths arid are spa­ cious and luxurious, with models up to 1,8oo sq. ft. 
Leisure is created at 
Woodstone by a common maintenance program that provides the care for lawns, swimming pool, clubhouse and all other common areas. 
This frees the residents to lie around the pool and turn gloriously bronze or spend some time with convivial friends in the clubhouse. 
Since Woodstone is near UTSA, South Texas 
Medical 
Center and 
USAA, the community enjoys popularity with the creative people who work in these-areas. 
Convenient financing is available at the low an­ nual interest rate of 8*‘*4 per cent with as little as 
5 per cent down. 
The setting of 
Woodstone is spectacu­ lar, with a view to the north of the rolling hills and woods. Deer have been sighted often from the clubhouse during the evenings. 
The project boasts landscaping and luxury appointments like an in­ dividual (recessed) en­ tryway and two patios for each garden-type home. 
Included in the pur­ chase price of each resi­ dence if a self-cleaning oven, dishwasher and trash compactor. 
Woodstone is conven­ ient to the Colonies North 
Mall and Wonderland 
Shopping City and only xfi mile from elementary and middle schools. It is near churches, enter­ tainment and fine res­ 

 taurants. 
Kelly and Lackland 
AFBs are easily reached via NAV. Ill IO and NAV. 
Loop 41o. 
To see the stunningly contemporary communi­ 

 ty of Woodstone, take the 
Huebner Head exit off 
NAV. Ill IO and stay on the access road to Wood­ stone Drive. 
The exact address is 
4948 Woodstone Dr. 

LARRY ROSOW, left, with Dr. W .D. 
Moore 
Rosow attends 
2nd conference 

Larry Rosow of Rosow 
& 
Kline, 
Realtors, recently attended the second annual 
Real 
Estate 
Educators’ 
Conference at Texas 
A&M University. 
The conference, con­ ducted by Dr. VV. D. 
Moore, head of the 
Education Division of the 
Texas Real Estate Re­ search Center, brought together some 4o persons from throughout Texas who are deeply involved in real estate education. 
Representation 

Represented at the conference were real es­ tate department heads from four-year colleges and universiities as well as junior and community colleges, in addition to faculty members from these institutions, repre­ sentatives of the Texas 
Real Estate Commission, representatives of the 
Texas Real Estate Re­ search Center and real estate practitioners. 
Rosow current ly serves as a trustee and secre­ tary - treasurer of the 

Texas 
Realtors 
Foun­ dation, an arm of the Texas Association of 
Realtors devoted to furthering real estate education throughout 
Texas. 
The major thrust of the conference was the mat­ ter of preparation for and compliance with the educational requir­ ements for real estate brokers and sales per­ sons provided for in the 
Texas 
Real 
Estate 
License Act of 1975. This statute provides for in­ creasing educational requirements as a prer­ equisite for real estate licensing culm inating with a 6o-semester hour requirement effective in 
1985. 
Notable progress was made in the matters of a statewide system of real estate education, on the role and scope of educational institutions providing educational subjects (both credit and non-credit) and the es­ tablishment of priorities looking toward the 1985 requirements. 

CLASSIFIED D IS M A Y 
CLASSIFIED DISPLAY 
CLASSIFIED D IS M A Y 
- 

MORTH LOOMING 
INTO . . . 

J U m — p f i n n a — 
■ — 
B H 

APARTMENTS 

6 5 6 o 222 

Easy living with all-electric kitchens, washer and dryer connections, refrigerator, plush shag wall-to-wall carpeting, continuous clean oven, spacious walk-in closets, secure enclosed patio or balcony. 

I, 2, 3 Bedrooms 
From $225 
All Bills Paid 

Directions: Drive 1-35 north 6.5 miles past Loop 16o4 to exit 11o3. Follow signs 
I usHome I 

Listed On The New York Stock Exchange 

San Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— Sunday April I 7 I 977 

C IA S « H 1 D DISPLA Y 
CLASSIFIED DISPLAY 
CLASSIFIED DISPLAY 

2554 N.E. Loop 41o 

Between S ta rk e s t and Perrin-Beitel Rd. 

1,o1o sq. ft. 

I# ** 

OAK 
Hilts fOUHIR* 
CIUS 

SoMG8IRo. L o O INGBISI 

CAUAGHAH RO 

WONDIRLANO 

Mockingbird Hill this w eekend becom es the setting for a townhome show cased by m a ste r craftsm an G. H. “ Jo b ” 
Prey, who built the im ­ m ense, s trik in g s tr u c ­ ture in the northwestern 
San Antonio community. 
Found at 3815 Songbird 
Lane, this four-bedroom, th ree -b a th tow nhom e contains all of the elegant extras the custom builder is famous for, plus more for the very discriminat­ ing buyer. 
Passes test 
This townhome is one the passes the most diffi­ cult test given by a hom ebuycr who w ants the most — and nothing but the most. 
The ex tra spacious floor plan for this beauty features a living room, dining room and family room with a m assiv e fireplace. 
Fine fea tu re s of the kitchen area include, as built-ins, a large oven, microwave oven, Waste 
King dishw asher, com ­ pactor, disposer, water softener and instant hot 

M O CKIN G BIRD HILL townhomes on Songbird Lane 

 water. A barbecue grill also is added as an amenity. 
The practical floor plan allows closets galore, too. 
An upper deck is another highlight. 
Other conveniences in­ clude an intercom, cen­ tral vacuum system , electric garage doors and spacious utility room with all necessary con­ nections. 
Heavy insulation, en­ ergy-saving glass and in­ conspicuous but fully functional, g u tte rs are among the fine construc­ tion fe a tu re s of this townhome. 
Ever popular Mocking­ bird Hill is atop a peace­ fully isolated , wooded hill. 

CLASSIFIED DISPLAY 
C LA S S IC O DISPLAY 

CLASSIFIED DISPLAY 
CLASSIFIED DISPLAY 

SAN ANTONIO MAY SCHEDULE 
WEEKEND CLASSES 
SOI Practice ot RE 
May 7-8-14-15 
7o2 RE Finance(First Half)May 14-15-21-22 
DAYTIME CLASSES 
3o1 Practice of RE 
1o1 Basic Fundamentals 
2o1 Principles of RE 
3o1 Practice of RE 

May 2-6 
May 9-13 
May 16-2o 
May 23-27 
EVENING CLASSES (ST. MARY’S UNIV. 
2o1 Principles of RE 
May 2-17 (8 nights) 
FOR FREE CATALOG CALL (512) 736-2o75 
A m erican C ollege of Real Estate, Inc. 

3 i n F A S H B Y / S A N A N T O N I O TE H A S 7 8 2 1 2 / ( 5 1 2 ,) 7 3 6 -2 o 2 5 , 

3 counties 
Fair Oaks, 5.ooo acres spann in g the th ree counties Bexar. Kendall and Comal, has some of the finest and most scen­ ic property north of San 
Antonio. 

G reat g n a rle d oaks, n a tu ra l g ra s s e s , lazy m eadow s, sudden h ill­ tops and an abundance of wildlife c re a te an obi- vious haven for nature lovers. 

Spacious tracts are be­ ing offered by the Don 
Smith Co. in sizes rang­ ing from 2Vfe to 15 acres. 
The selection is excellent right now, and b u y e rs will profit, from im m e­ diate inspection of the tract offerings. 

Several 
Don 
Sm ith homes are open for view* ing in F a ir Oaks. The home at 28629 D apper 
Dan Dr. is an exciting floor plan, especially de­ signed for its hilltop lo­ cation. This tw o -sto rf home inco rp o rates an ex trem ely livable mo* dern interior with a rus­ tic fieldstone and codal?* exterior plus a roof of; rough cedar shakes. 
I 
Wide, wooden decks* wrap around the house on.1 the second story and are accessible from the liv­ ing and dining rooms. 
These decks provide an ideal place for family re­ laxation or e n te r ta in ­ ment — with the bonus of a 36o-degree view of the ranch's panoramic. 
The living room an<J dining room are large areas sharing a common stone fireplace. Each room has two sliding glass doors to the outer decks. The well-placed, kitchen with serving bm; is all-electric. The m as­ ter suite is also housed on this same second level, including an 
18- by 
19-foot bedroom, d ress­ ing room with double walk-in closets and a large bath featuring a picture window/ conven­ ient telephone, sunlamp and luxurious six-foot 
Kohler tub. 
The lower level of this unusual country home featu res two large be­ drooms with walk-in clo­ sets. a bath with dual la­ vatories and a full utility room. Also found on this level is a unique drive*- thru garage, with doors 

I WE S F A KT WITH A PATIO AND 

3 3 

NATRIUMS OF 
KINNAMON 

A New 
Lifestyle fo r 
Southwest 
San Ant ohio/ 

One. two. and three bedroom apartments unfurnished. 
New Homes in a . 
New Tradition 

9214 Dartbrook Drive 
696-o146 
674-3575 

3815 SONGBIRD 

M O CKINGBIRD 
HILL townhomes 

OPEN FOR INSPECTION 
I P.M. ’TIL DARK 

Serenely and comfortably perched atop 
M O C K IN G B IR D HILL in north San Antonio is one of four luxurious townhomes to be constructed, it includes the most elegant and decorative features and practical conveniences, some of which are: 

• 
Energy saving features such as double glass windows. 
• 4 
Bedrooms, 
3 
Bath, 
Deck 
O ff 
Upstairs 
Bedrooms 
• 
Marble Vanities Throughout. 
• 
Paved alleys, No Thru Traffic, Sanitation Pick­ up, Electric Garage Door Opener. 
• 
25oo Sq. Ft. of Living Space. 
• Large Heatilator Fireplace System, Slate Roof. 
• Microwave Oven, 3o Inch Oven, Trash 
Com­ pactor, Central Vacuum System. 

And the locoion is superb. Close at 

 hand ore: IM IO, loop 41o, Won 

 derlond Shopping Moll, Oak Hills 

CC., U.T.S.A., & U.T. Medical Cen­ 

 ter. 

G.H. “JEB” FREY 
Builder 

7 3 6 -o 9 7 6 

3 4 9 -7 5 9 6 lExit (HIO at Callaghan, West to Tupelo, 

 turn right, then left on Mockingbird to 

Townhomes. 

 pqge 
6-C_______ San Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— Sunday April 17 1977 
2 areas chosen by Craig 
FOREST O A K S ESTATES homes built by W.R. £raig Co. 

IVR. Craig is showing homes this weekend in 
T hunderbird Hills and 
Forest Oaks Estates. 
Forest Oaks Estates is a new' subdivision in northwestern San Anton­ io near the South Texas 
Medical Center and with easy access to UTSA. Lo­ cated in Leon Valley, taxes are lower than on property in Sun Antonio. 
Good shopping facilities are nearby. 
The original Thunder­ bird Hills hom es have been popular with buyers for 15 years because oi their fine quality. The area is very desirable for its location within Loop 
41o and closeness to all shopping facilities. 
Preserved 
The developer, W.R. 
C raig. has most tastefully kept all of the native trees and designs his homes around them to preserve the natural beauty of the area. 
Located on a hilltop, 
T hunderbird Hills is a beautiful spot for homes. 
Many sites offer beauti­ ful views that extend for miles. Located midway between South Texas 
Medical Center and Kelly and Lackland AFBs, the area always has been popular with both mili­ tary and civilian buyers. 
Resale values have re ­ mained high, too. 
A good selection of 

 floor plans and designs is available. 
All homes are IOO per cent masonry with beau­ tiful facades, walkways and courtyards. Terrazo entries, shag or sculp­ tured nylon carpeting in living and dining areas as well as in the hall­ ways are additional fea-‘ tures. Many luxury de­ tails are included in baths and kitchens. The kitch­ ens are equipped with 
Magic Chef range with self-cleaning oven, dish­ w asher, disposer and hoods. Intercom systems- make the homes easy tr. live in. 

All hom es have fin­ ished garages with sheetrocked walls, cov­ ered patios and re ar yards fenced with cedar. 
The homes are energy savers with thermo glass in all windows and patio doors. F od ders rotary c o m p resso r units are used for air conditioning. 
The full masonry homes are insulated with the finest of materials. 
T h u n d erb ird Hills is reached most easily by exiting from N.W. Loop 
41o oijto In g ram Road and proceeding inside the 
Loop to Oak Hills Drive. 
Forest Oaks E states is reached most easily by exiting fijoni N.W. Loop 
41o onto Evers Road and proceeding north to For­ rest Pine. 

Connors join 
Charles Schneider 
Century 21 firm 

Charles Schneider has announced that T erry and Shelia Connor have joined him in one of the newest and fastest grow­ ing Century 21 offices in 
San Antonio. 
Connor has over three years experience in resi­ dential real estate in San 
Antonio, the last 2o months in the Century 21 organization. He retired in 1974, after 2o years in the Air Force. 
‘Happy’ 

Connor said, 
“ I ’m happy to continue my as­ sociation with the largest real estate organization in the country, with more than 3,7oo offices nation­ wide and grow ing by about IOO offices each month.” 
Mrs. Connor has more than two y ears e x p e r­ ience in residential real 

TERRY CO NNO R 
SHELIA CO N N O R 

Fair Oaks homesites set in former ranch site 

A drive to the country 
— and Fair Oaks — this weekend is a must. 
Not only is the coun­ try sid e ablaze with 
Spring’s wildflowers and greenery but also is the perfect setting for some very special homes built on the former ranch site bv the Don Smith Co. 

 at either end. The home is fully carpeted and is serviced by two central air conditioning and heating systems. 
Sm ith homes are e n ­ ergy-conscious, as they receive maximal 12-inch attic insulation plujs 

 sub-floor insulation. In this ease, the home will benefit from the breeze advantage at such a high elevation, thus saving on air conditioning use. 
F a ir Oaks may most easily be reached by driving north on N.W. IU 

 estate with the Century Force in E urope and 
21 organization. A former W orcester Polytechnic secretary with the Air Institute in M assachu­ setts. Mrs. Connor looks forward to continuing her affiliation with Century 
21 at Schneider Realty. 
Century 21 offers the training, advertising and tools to make profession­ als in the industry. Cen­ tury 2LCharles Schneider 
Realty is located in their temporary office at 6233 
Evers Rd. (Suite A) in 
Leon Valley. 
The Connors invite all th e ir friends and p re ­ vious clients to visit, them at the new office or call 
684-72oo for any of their real estate needs. 

IO, just 16 miles north of 
W onderland Shopping 
City. 
Exit at 
Leon 
Springs, then proceed north on the access road to the Camp Stanley sign. 
Turn rig h t and go 3>2 miles to the . Fair Oaks office. 

CLASSIFIED DISPLAY 
CLASSIFIED DISPLAY 
CLASSIFIED DISPLAY 
CLASSIFIED DISPLAY 

Prey shows homes 

San Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— 
Sunday Apr*i 17 1977 
Paqe 
7-C 
Pier built near water 

M A IS O N DE VILLE APARTMENTS located at 1ooo Jackson-Keller Rd. 
Maison de Ville units please wider variety for different reasons 

At The Pier, no one lives in a "fishbowl.” 
There is, instead, an in­ ner circle of privacy. 
Cars come and go only on the outer perimeter, giving tenants and guests easy access to the apart­ ments. This leaves the luxurious beauty of the sweeping. central grounds and the attrac­ tive recreational offer­ ings of The Pier un­ marred by traffic distur­ bances. Swimming, sun­ bathing or partying in the pavilion have the feeling of privacy. Resi­ dents may entertain or just plain relax outdoors, in a truly peaceful set­ ting. 
It’s a park-like atmos­ phere, complete with lit­ tle lakes and moats, lawn chairs and tables, trees and pretty plantings. The 

 scene from the fun area at The Pier doesn’t in­ clude passing traffic; in­ 

 stead. passing ducks 
Living indoors is also great at The Pier. Many 

 of its apartments waterside; all. luxunt 
All have decks or 

‘iou: 

 i t s b e * av. it a l r” ..... 
CLAS Sift® DISPLAY 
CLASS*#MID OtSPLAV 
Cl A SSI# no DISPLAY ciass##tea display 

 r 
\ 

A quiet, mature envir­ onment emphasizing pri­ vacy uncommon to apartment living can be found at Maison de Ville. 
The little touches or 
•‘extras" that shift the emphasis from simple' functionality to pamper­ ing luxury are provided here for people who enjoy apartment living. 
Premises 
Planned for privacy, the specially landscaped grounds include private courtyards with secluded walkways, special spaces for relaxation and an abundance of trees, shrubs and green belts which lend a garden-like setting to the grounds. 
Large play areas with playground equipment 

 for children are set apart, maintaining fami­ ly as well as adult pri­ vacy. Entertainment fa­ cilities include a two- story private clubhouse, complete with game room and an Olympic­ sized swimming pool ex­ clusively for residents and their guests. 
All apartments have either private balconies or patios for outdoor re­ laxation or for those who enjoy wonderful "green space" planting areas. 
Designed and built with imagination, the apartments themselves offer many special “ ex­ tras" such as woodburn- ing fireplaces built-in bookcases and wood- paneled living areas. In­ teriors also feature an­ 

 electric kitchens, pass-through bars and separate bath and dress­ ing areas in master suites. 
Spaciousness is appar­ ent in every residence, from efficiency to one-, two- and three-bedroom apartments. In addition, 
Several luxurious town­ houses are also available. 
Convenience is another important consideration at Maison de Ville. There are large outdoor storage spaces and covered parking for each apart­ ment; guest parking is abundant; and daily trash pickup is provided. 
Maison de Ville offers a professionally managed environment of well con­ structed. beautifully de­ signed apartment resi- 

WINDCRE5T APARTMENTS ‘only ones’ in suburban city 
Fine apartments at Windcrest run by Murray 

The professional man­ agement of Windcrest 
Apartments is now by the reputable Murray Man­ agement Co. 
The project is designed for apartment seekers who want to enjoy the advantages of living in a community of luxury homes. They choose cor­ rectly w hen they lease an apartment at Windcrest. 
Unique locale 
Located on Willmon 
Way in the suburban city of Windcrest near the in­ terchange of N.E. Loop 
41o and N.E. Ill 35. this 

 complex is unique in that it is the town’s only apartment project. The prestigious community will never take in another apartment grouping, v, It is a sizable complex that takes in 15o apart­ ments of various sizes. 
The variety is found in plans of one- or two-be- droom flats and two choices of townhouses, each with a patio. 
There is plenty of re­ creational activity for those who live at Wind­ crest 
Apartments. 
Amenities here include 

 an outdoor play area especially for children and picnic grounds with barbecue pits. A swim­ ming pool and communi­ ty room also are provided for residents’ enjoyment. 
Children living in 
Windcrest Apartments attend schools of the pre­ ferred North East School 
District. All grade levels are readily accessible from the premises: 
Roosevelt High, for in­ stance. is across from 
Windcrest and within walking distance of the complex itself. 

C L A S S E D DISPLAY 
CLASSIFIED DISPLAY 
CLA SSIFIED D ISPLA Y 

 donees. 
Located at 1ooo Jaek- son-Keller Rd. in the choice North East School 
District. Maison de Ville provides luxury, conven­ ience, economy and prestige as well as an at­ mosphere of privacy 

CLASSIFIED D ISP L A Y 

D ISP LA Y 

INSTRUCTORS 
HEEDED 
H A V IW H W A Y S 
DREAMED OE 
TEACHING? 
NOW IS YOUR CHANCE! 
I | A Reputable Real Estate School, 1 
, I approved by th* Texas State 
Real 
Estate 
Commission, is commq ta Son Antonio SOOK' 
We M l hove Coy A Evening dosses, to meet with your I schedule. We will offer training to those who require it. 
Contact David Rosow: 
675-95oo 

BUY 9 t or mm 

Can Lease It) 

 toe 
'Pier 

2 Bedrooms, I Bath 

 i l l 

713Sq.Fl. 

" 1 8 5 
Mo. 

The perfect plan for tuo singles! 
With Ivao equal size bedrooms, each with a large walk-in closet. 
The double sink vanity provides plenty of mirror space. While the gallev-style kitchen comes complete *ith frost free refrigerator and serving bar. A soaring slope ceiling in the living room makes the penthouse lev el look especially spacious. 

UFE Style by Q LIFE INVESTORS 

 the people you con live with 
1946 N. E. Loop 41o 
826-2355 
J 

B U B R f i U i e f l 

2 S S 4 N o rth e a st lo o p 4 1 o 
6 5 6 1 2 2 2 

MHO AWAY 
AMONG THE TREIS 
YET ONEY ONE 
MINUTE FROM iH IO 
AOUiT A FAMILY 
SECTIONS 
69o-17oo 
49o9 WOOOSTONE 

5. ‘'•SRbJ’ 
O'4 •, 4 A v r h Sundance : 
;, . '' 4615 GARDENDALE n f 
6 9 o -8 3 2 o 
; , ll. CHANGING CONCEPTS IN r : 
' vADULT LIV ING" * 
. 
EL MAORID 
APARTMENTS 

• Fireplaces 
• 
Complete 
Ail electric kitchens 

• W asher Dryer 
Connections 
• A ll gills P a id 

6 9 6 -2 8 4 6 
6111 Vane* Jackson 

The 

■ ^ i r a n i a n 

3939 Fredericksburg Rd 

732-9611 
B E ISE R , by 
oUFENVESTORS 

A p a r t m e n t C o m m u n it y 
I V MONITORED SECURITY — GARDEN PATIOS 
USURIOUS (IU8 ROOM - GYM % SAUNA'. 
1-2-3 BDR. 
I & 2 BATH 
$1 8 5 - S 2 7 5 (Furn. Add.) UTILITIES PO. 
2o11 SANDERA RD 
434-4191 
B e tw een H illcrest A C a lla g h a n 
A Bob R o ss A p artm e n t C o m m u n ity 

E R I 
SOUTHSIDE 
™ T h e Aristocrat Apts. 
Modern I Bd. Apts. 
$165 Unfurnished • Furnished Avail. 

Convenient to All Southside locatio n s 
555 Hutchins 
927-4141 
AMAC M a n a g e d Property 

 r n 
I bedroom Apts now t»Taft»4C cue Be available Furnished cr jfc n o r t h Unfurnished 
APARTMENTS 6 miles north of loop 41o on Bomock, turn left al 
C o u n t r y L iv in g in 
Spfing„me 

 th e C ity 
£$42 Spring Branch 

6 9 o -1 4 6 o 

o 
W o k e ft e i d - S t a r d u s t 
A p artm e n ts 
I, 2, 3 B e d ro om Apts. 
$ 1 8o-$35o 
Across Rector from N. Star Mall 
85o6 W akefield 
Separate Family & Adult Sections 
344-4558 
A M A C M a n a g u a P r o p e r t y 
.......... 

o NORTHGATE 

539 ELEANOR 
824-oo19 

WESTGATE 

© LA PLAZA APTS. 
"T EN N IS W O R L D " 
. c*couiT**u miaitm and ixiecisi nu# 
• * O U l t A H O I A r n u t S K T IO N S 
• lUANISMO ANO UNfUCNISHIO A A A # ! MINTS umiTits r aio 
• NO#TM!AST SCHOOLS AUS sievici 
• N O # TM STAS AMO v I N I • AI PA X* M A H AAI A 
• 15 N.W. LOOP 41o 
34 1-4 6 2 1 

 o 

O NE 
BED RO O M £ 

From 

*1 8 9 

711o WurzbacH at Babcock 
N e x t d o o r to M e d ic a l Center 
6 9 6 -3 8 5 1 

© f o r e s t O aks 
*5Apartments 

2 Bedroom Apts. 

F ro m $2 2 6 - * 2 6 3 
6313 Evers 
6 8 4 -4 7 5 5 

FOR QUICK 
RESULTS A N D 
EXTRA VALUE 

C A L L 2 2 5 - 7 4 1 1 

FOR QUICK 
RESULTS A N D 
EXTRA VALUE 

I 
C A L L 2 2 5 - 7 4 1 1 

{ f t W A TER w 
SCAPED 
APARTM ENTS 

 the 
Pier 

o E L MIKADO 
APTS. 

Quiet Adult Apts 

3243 
Nacogdoches 

A 
C O U N T R Y T ' L U f l 
4 * 
A P A R T M E N T S 

Ail iele al location 

Ne xt to Turtler Creek 

Golf (IouTM* 
696-7618 
863o Fairhaven Drive 

65 6 -o 1 8 8 

© 

■V, 

 mao 

 h k 
S a 

NO B 
H IU 
APARTMENTS 

Nob Hill Apartments off IH IO 
7626 Callaghan Road. 349-1217 

1946 N.E. Loop 41o 
Iff Style bg 
(Harry Wurzbach Exit) 
Q UFE INVESTORS 
H26 2355 

o 
NORTHEAST 

Q b r g T e n n o c e 
^ p p a n t m o n f s ti 
* Jr. I Bac’room 
* turn. 4 Lntwr tithed 

• O ne Bedroom le g e r • F ool A la u n d ry 

! • Tw o B edroom s 
• Single le v e l. P riv ate r a tio 
6 5 6 - 2 1 1 6 
71o6 Glee Terrace (Chit to Randolph Area) 

© yaumW cod 
AN ADUIT APARTMENT COM M UN ITY 
A ll AMENITIES e ON BUS LINE e ONE 
BLOCK FROM ST. MARY'S • ONE BLOCK 
FROM SHOPPING e FURN. ADD. 
1 , 2 & 3 BDR. 
$18o to $245 
UTILITIES PAID 

J I O I w W O O D l A W N 
434 o394 jL Bobjloss Apartment Community________ 

® 
TARA 

AN APARTMENT HOME 
UNFORGETTABLE AS ITS NAME 
(OHVIHUHt I or sr ION AHO ut ll/tns PAID 
8o51 Broadway 

8 24-oo61 

2 New Tennis Cts.! 

828-7393 

KF! Stale bu 

o 1 F E W V C S T O S 5 

9525 LO RINE 
344-9888 

© The Heritage 

Apartments 

I I different floor pions — 
All with patios 
Priced from $215 —- All Bills Paid 

1543 Babcock 
341-2228 
^bPPOIRT 

HOMESTYLE APARMENT 
LIVING 
4515 Gardendale 

691-1o44 

© 
The BRITTA.MY 

A SOPHISTICATED ADULT COMMU 
NHY WITH A POOL IN EACH COURT 
YARD HALF BLOCK OFF LOOP 4 1o 
NEAR NORTH STAR MALL 

86o7 JoNES-MAUS8ERGER 
3 4 1 *3 1 2 6 

o 
Pork 
Village: 
Apartment* V Z 

 e WINDSOR PARK MAU e NORTHEAST SCHOOLS e FURNISHED OR 
UNFURNISHED e PAID UTILITIES 
PRIVATE PATIOS 
Poo15 & PARTY ROOM 
483o Roy Bon Drive 
, 653-73oo 

© 

NORTHEAST AREA 
(Perrin <Plaza 
I A 2 BDR. & T O W N H O U SE S 
Garden apts, with clean well kept spacious grounds, patios, balconies, pool, walk to shopping, features plus. 
Perrin-Beitel Rd. 
6 5 5 -7 1 2 2 

©FRENCH CHALET 

165o JA C KSO N KELLER 

T H I ULTIMATE APARTMENT 
CO M M U N IT Y 

3 4 4 .4 6 1 6 

H T 
W estchester 

Apartments 

 eft., I, 2, 3 Bd. from $16o 

(.arnement lo Furl Sam and Randolph 

1111 A UH till Hwy. 
8 2 8 -4 4 o 3 

A M A C M a n a g e d P r o p e r t y 

© 
8.2 Bd. Apts. 
From $17o 

All Bills Paid 

69o-ooo1 

I t c s t a p a r t m e n t s 

1o7o7 \H lOWest 

A l t a 

F URN Ii UNI UHN I 

KU Al FOK lU lJP lfS 

' 
ANO STUDE MIS I 

411 EVEREST 
8 2 8 -5 3 3 o 

© 
SOUTH SEA 
APARTMENTS 
LEISURE LIVING 
SUPER LO C A T IO N 

BIANCO AT JACKSON KUHR 
7S43 SOUTH SEA LANE 
341-6251 

©Country Village 

Apartm ent* 

I block off Broadway at 41o 
1, 2 , 3 bedroom * from 8 1 6 o 

H I lo ( ..tirnr\ Vill.iu. 
H2tl-r>72l 
A M A C M a n a g e d P r o p e r »y 
_ 

[Page B C 
Son Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— Sundoy April I 7, 1977 

 a 
L 
S 
S 
J 
S 
H 
L 
S l l l 
- f f i 
J 
B 
U 
S 
M l 
M 
L 
- 
? 
Q 1 a m t S 
T 
A 
T t n o n e t s 
2o l 
B t 
A 
H 
S 
U 
T t 
N 
O 
T 
I C 
E 
S 
2o1 
K 
A 
L i t l l 
! 
! 
W 
B 
T 
I C t S 
2 B 1 
I 
M 
I 
{ 
S 
T 
U 
K 
H 
O 
A 
K 
S 
281 l l t A l t 
S 
H 
T t 
W 
B 
T 
I C t S 
2o1 
K 
A 
I B 
W 
! 
T 
O 
E 
S 
2o1 
K 
A 
I I S 
I A 
H 
M 
T 
O 
2111 
I 
B 
I 
B 
H 
H 
W 
T 
O 

£ ■ " " 
- 
' * * *’" 

B 
T 
T i T T i m 
I 

M A G N IF IC O 
SOV* It tor this spacious soli! level 4-2 2 In O lym oio w ith 1272 
SF, FP in FR , cav d patio, wotei softener, priced rig h t at $44,ooo 
824 o171 

RANDOLPH A R E A 
In Lone Ooh, 4 2-2 w ith storage shed, oftove around pool, with large b ackya rd and p riv a c y fen ce Sits on owlet cul-de sac and a steal at $28,ooo.oo. 654 7474 
MOVE W H E N SCHOOL 
IS OUT 
This freshly painted 3-2-1 home in the Glen is tenant occupied until June. Assume $187.oo pay meats ond get all appliances and drapes too. 341-4484. 
BE A ROBBER fo r $34,5oo. O w ner M UST sell this lovely 3-2-2 in Valencia ASAP 
824 o171 
BE TTE R T H A N NEW 
This 3 bedroom , 2 bath home in 
P ark 
N orth has range, dish washer, disposal and a ll drapes 
Priced at only 26,9oo on open term s. 
No down to 
VA our chaser Better h u rry ! 828-8195 
W H E R E & W H E N can we meet? So we can show you this 4 bedroom. T h bath home w ith extra s like a pool m em bership, carpet, LOW utili ties and m any other fantastic features. Call to r m ore info 656 
1234 

THOUSAND OAKS 
Beautiful 4-2-2 w ith la rg e 
FM rm . w /F P , BR area off kitchen 
Large serving bar in fam ily room 
Approx. 2ooo sa. ft 
494 
5221 Anytim e 
T H R E E EASY STEPS! 
1-2-3 
I. Coll us at 653-6364 and make an appointm ent to see this bea­ utiful 3 bedroom 2 bath home. 2. 
Check out the drapes, carpeting ond kitchen appliances 
3. 
Assume or refinance. 
N O R TH E R N HILLS 
Beautiful all brick 3-2-2 LR, FR w /F P All elect k it Custom bar. 
Fully tiled baths Covered patio 
G reat view. 494-5221 A n ytim e 
UP-UP-DO T H E 
PRICES but we have a home w ith a 76 price tag. 
B u ilt in beautiful 
Northern H ills by one of San An­ tonio's leading builders. 
Large 
35' living room , fo rm a l dining, 3 bedrooms. 
2 baths 
A 
REAL 
BUY! Stop bv or call fo r details 
Low 5o‘S 696 5o777, 342-3111 
COOL POOL 
PUT YO UR SELF IN to this high quality pool surrounded bv out­ standing landscaping. 
4 big bedrooms, 2 baths, living-dining, fam ily rooms. You need to see it 
824-o171 
J IM M Y C A R TER 
SPECIAL 
Owner seling fo r peanuts. This 3 bedroom is a lovely w ell m ain­ tained home. Paneled livlng-den. 
Carpeted, fenced, C entral H A 
Great starter home, only $21,5oo. 
341 4829, 342-3111 - 
STILL W E T B E H IN D 
TH E EARS 
People in rock houses feel v-e-r-y smug 
Especially w ith 
4 bed­ rooms, covered porch, energy saving features plus extra in­ sulation ond too of the m a rk ap­ pliances 824-o171 

NO R TH EA ST 
JUST LISTE D this lovely fam ily home that has plenty of room for you and your fa m ily 
4 bed­ rooms, 2 baths E njoy Y o ur View of the lake fro m the kitchen 
Sunken livin g room . 
Fireplace den. So m any extras th a t you'll enjoy. 344-7985, 342-3111 

A C R E A M P U F F 
Lovely 4 Bedroom 2 bath with fam ily room and the convenience of a dishwasher and disposal, combined a nice ba ckya rd with covered patio and p riv a c y fence 
6S4-7474. 

ALL A PPLIA N C ES including new dishwasher, fridge, range and 
6 mo. old washer in this 3 bedroom home in East Village 
Even the fu r­ niture may be purchased. Would make a nice 1st home Paym ents under $2oo.oo. Call 828-8195 

YOUR D R E A M HOME 
ON TH E LA K E 
Large 4 bedroom w ith 3 baths, fam ily room , seoerate liv in g and dining areas, 65‘ on lake fron t 
Sun deck, boat dock and many pecan trees. 654-7474 

THIS IS YOUR L IF E ... ond you'll love spending it in this 
3-2-2 w ith w ater softner, hobby lobby, self cleaning oven and lots of room to live in A ll fo r under 
$44,ooo oo. 656-1234 

NORTHEAST 

S THE PRICE IS 
RIG H T S tor $25,7oo you con owna home in the growing N E ore a This 3 BR 
2 bath is loaded w ith e xtra s Call 
653-6364 and ask one of our Pro­ fessionals to show you this beautiful home 
NO R TH E R N HILLS 
4 and 5 bedroom 2 story homes for the fam ily wanting the lux urles of golf, tennis, sw im m ing and M ORE! 824-o171 
ONE OF THE 
LARGEST homes in 
L IV E 
OAK 
4 2 2 carpet, drapes, covered patio off garden kitchen, patio off m aster bedroom 
Assume with reasonable equity or refinance 
Im m ediate occupancy 
Call 828 
8195 Now! 
U N IV E R S A L C ITY 
G reat for a sm all fam ily. 
3 
Bdrm s, I bath. New dishwasher, new alum inum siding, fenced yard with la rge shade trees 
$16,9oo. Cal 658 6211. 
BUY SOME 
HA PPINESS ... it doesn t cost much to get in this 
1 bedroom. 2 decorator baths, double aoroge, a kitchen with 
A LL AP PLIAN CES A low equity of $15oo. You don t see a ll of this for so little ve ry often 
Call us and find o u t!! 656-1234 
T E R R E L L HILLS 
Very sound, updated home on extra large lot tor $45,ooo. See our freshly painted 3 bedroom 3 bein surprise so convenient to 
Ft 
Sam and the busoine nites 
655-8421, 824 o171 
W OODLAKE 
Beautifully landscaped, 4 Bdrm 
2 story home w ith m any extras, such as energy savers, gas g rill, refrig e ra to r covered patio, rec. room M id $4o s 658-6211 
4 BEDROOMS FOR 
U N D ER $3o,ooo 
Convenient to Randolph and Ft 
Sam. 
I 1 j bath and one cor garage and located on corner lot in Woodlake 
Just rig h t fo r the young fa m ily 
Refinance or assume owners equity. 
H u rry and move in this sum m er 
828- 
3195 
LIVE OAK V ILL A G E 
This 3 Bdrm has central a ir & heat, range & re frig e ra to r, fen­ ced yard & is availab le upon sale 
Priced in the low $2os 
Assume or refinance 658-6211. 
TOWNHOUSE near Fort Sam and Randolph. 2 bedroom 2 bath 
Large m aster bedroom has separate dressing area, privacy fence, kitchen ap­ pliances 
Call 
653-6364 to see 
TODAY! 
SCHERTZ 
Lots of good things are hap­ pening in Schertz, H ere's a 3 
Bdrm just listed, close to schools, park & pool. C entral air 
& heat, fenced y a rd Low $2o's. 
658-6211. 
TAKE YO UR PICK 
Two homes across the street from each other. Face north or south, choose 3 ro 4 bedrooms w ith 2 car garages, 
2 baths 
N orthern Hills 824-o171 

PUT A J IN G L E IN 
YOUR POCKET w ith the money you save on this energy saving home. 
Freshlev pointed, im m a c u la te !!!! This 2- 
2-2 is real money saver. $25oo eauitv makes this house w orth a call 656-1234 

O L Y M P IA 
G reat for entertaining! 3 Bdrm s, 
Wet bar in fa m ily room w ith FP. 
Carpet throughout & all drapes 
Excellent condition & ready to move in. M id $4o's 658-6211. 

ON THE G U A D A LU P E 
Super 
2 bedroom home com­ pletely remodeled on la rge lot 
Has a great view of the rive r. An excellent retire m en t home or weekend get away. 654-7474 

S T O P 
Don't bother to look any further. lf you are interested in a 
3 bedroom, 2 bath home in Live 
Oak. Includes w all-to-w all carpet, cathedral ceiling, fenced-in yard and much m ore $28,5oo. Call 658- 
6211 NOW 

JUST R E D U C E D 
D rive bv this tru ly nice home w ith 3 bedrooms and I Vi baths 
Large fam ily room and covered patio. 
E xcellent condition. 
494- 
5221 Anytim e 

IM M E D IA T E M O VE- 
I N 
We have a 3 bedroom home in 
Live Oak that's w a iting for you 
Fireplace in fa m ily room , wall- to-wall carpet in all 3 rooms, and kitchen appliances 
$22,ooo. Call 
653-6364 to see NOW 

NORTHEAST 

H U M D IN G E R of o backya rd th San Pedro Hills. 
4 bedrooms, single livin g area w ith firepla ce in rapid ly ap­ preciating neighborhood Hove a spring tlin o ! 824-o171 
LOOK AT THIS 
A 3 2 2 In Cam elot with range, dishwasher, disposal covered patio, and p riv a c y fence, and less than $32,ooo. Con you believe it 654 7474 
SCHERTZ 
Well cared for 3 Bdrm , home, close to schools, park 8, pool 
Lots of carpet, drapes, bit in k it­ chen. F am ily rm . & livin g rm. 
High $2o s. 658 6211. 
JUST LISTED 
3 blocks fro m No Star M all This im m aculate 3 bdrm home has dollhouse in backya rd 
It can t last • coll today to see. 494-5221 
Anytim e 
CLOSE TO “ U ” & A 
VIE W ,, TOO! 
This 3-2-2 located in Northern 
Hills has a beautiful view of the city. 
3/4 b ric k w all to wall carpet, screened in patio with in­ door outdoor carpet, and a fireplace to name just a few of the extras this home has to offer. 
Call us of 653-6364 to see tnis home NOW! 
LOW E Q U ITY 
Plus low paym ents and this 3-1-1 can be yours 
Comes with an assortment of Goodies. 
Range, dishwasher, disposal and fenced yard m onthly paym ents of 
$153 OO. 654-7474 
S A Y “ H E L L O ” TO A 
GOOD BUY 
We have an im m aculate 
3 bedroom 
2 bath home with panelled fa m ily room . Located m inutes fro m Randolph and Fort 
Sam. P riced under $28,ooo. Call 
653-6364 and ask about the kit­ chen appliances 
JACK, BE N IM B L E ! 
Low paym ents, low equity, 3-2-1, large lot and storage shed 
$29,ooo. G arden kitchen, vaulted ceilings, and covered patio 824- 
o171 
C A M E LO T ll 
Large 3 bedroom 2 both home w ith fire p la ce seoerate living and dining area w ith lots of carpeting P rice reduced for im ­ mediate sale. 654-7474 
L U X U R Y LIV IN G 
This plush 3 bdrm home sports a fabulous view & is located in 1ooo 
Oaks There are so m any extras must see to appreciate 494-5221 
Anytim e 
U N IV E R S A L CITY 
Elegant 4 Bdr. home in excellent area 
L iving, dining, & fam ily room w ith m assive 
FP, new carpet, corning top range High 
$5o's. 658-6211. 
CORONADO VILLA G E 
A super buy on this 4-2-2. Fully carpeted w ith large fireplace in fam ily room 
Covered patio, privacy fence and paym ents of 
$322 OO. 654-7474 
“ H E L P ” I N E E D 
SOME TLC 
This place looks a little “ sad" just now, but; someone who won t m ind a bit of fixin g up can transform it into the "B u y of the year." It has 3 bedrooms I bath and includes dishwasher and stove Call usat 653-6364 NOW! 
C IM M A R R O N 
Like new, 3 B d rm , 2 bath, 2 car garage home. Single living area w ith FP. Lots of carpet, fenced yard Low $3o's Dial 658-6211 
S-T-U-N-N-l-N-G is the word for fhis 3-2-2 located on a cul-de-sac in V illage North. 
Large shade tree accents front yard. Carpeted, fenced in yard 
Ask about the kitchen ap­ pliances 
Low 
3o's 
653-6364 anytim e 
U N IV E R S A L CITY 
Prestigious area, spacious two story, 4 bedroom , 3 bath home, new appliances 
& carpet 
Established yard. 
Better than new. High $5o's 658-6211. 
LIVE OAK VILLA G E 
Im m aculate 
3 
B drm 
2 bath home in lovely area Form al LR 
& DR, plus fa m ily room Carpet throughout, drapes, attractive yard with large trees. High $3o's 
658 6211. 
WISE IN V E S T M E N T 
Two apa rtm e nt complexes total of 24 units Includes furnishings, covered parkin g, and swim ming pool 
Additional income from luandry facilitie s A real bargain 
653-6364. 

 on 

NORTHWEST 
SOUTHWEST 

 e right 

Red Carpet * can find the right home for you. 
In your favorite neighborhood. 

NORTHWEST 

JUST LISTED 
Spotless 
3-2-2 in 
Shenandoah. 
This home has a large living-dini­ ng room com bination plus a fam ily room It has been freshly painted nod has a large fenced yard The home is located on a quiet cul-de-sac ond priced at 
$37,5oo. 699-1133. 

NORTHWEST 
NORTHWEST 

N O V IN G TO SAN 
ANTONIO 
Bandera area, very nice 3-2-1 w ith sunken livin g area, large bay w indow , dining and fa m ily room , dishw asher, idsposal ond fenced yard. 654-7474 
O A K H ILLS TERRACE 
4 bedroom 2 both home w ith dou­ ble garage $36,9oo. E xisting loan can be assum ed with down pay­ ment of $5,27o. 674-5411. 
H IL L COUNTRY 
MAGIC this 4 bedroom home among the trees w ith carpeting throughout, large fire p la ce , 2 baths, fam ily room . 
Call us and see what 
$49,8oo can do fo r you 656-1234 
INVESTORS - 
RANCHERS 
1o8 A cre ranch in Fredericks­ burg, Texas w ith older home and out buildings, fenced, cross-fenc­ ed 62 acres leased year to year. 
Rem ainder in good klein grass. 
$145,ooo. w '29% down 
Call today 341-4484. 
8 ACRES of oaks to w e rin g overhead of gentiy grazin g deer Almost 3ooo § sq. ft all native stone 3 bedroom, 
2 bath double garage country home w ith out buildings. $98,ooo. 
681-o66o. 
R E D U C E D 
Spotless 4-2-2 In NW. Form al liv ­ ing 8. dining, room for an office, I custom drapes, MORE Call to ri low price 699-1133, nites 341-5423.1 
CAN YOU PAINT? lf you can, this 4 bedroom, ?! bath, double garage home is to ri you. 
P riced below m arket I because of condition means yo u l can get an Instant eauitv with a1 little labor. M id 3o s 681-o66o. 
W A T E R F R O N T LOTS on or near M edina Lake Chooses from IO, Each is $3,75o. 699-1133,1 nites 341-5423. 
BACHELORS DR EAM 
H O M E 
Secluded in woodsy setting. J 
Spacious Luxu rious, ond lot's of I 
P A Z A Z Z - A ll Amenities to r i 
M axim um liva b ility, w ith ! m inim um -upkeep 
Private patio w ith heated Jucizzi Pool. MEW 
ON 
M A R K E T 
- w ont lost 
$59,ooo. 341-41o5, 342-3111 
T H IN K OF A 
QUESTION about locating in NW San An­ tonio. Does it concern new home inform ation? Equities? Refinan- cable pre-owned homes? 
Schools? 
Churches? 
Why spin your wheels when we've got it together. B U Y IN G - SELLING - 
LEASING a ll w ith that famous 
RED C A RP ET TR E A T M E N T " 
Babcock at Callaghan or Cgll 
341-4484 A N Y T IM E 
G R E A T BUY 
W ith low m onthly payments of 
$182 oo. 3-IV*-1 w ith fenced yard and m any fru it and pecan trees. 
Call us for m ore inform ation on this property and others 654-7474 
FIR ST O FF E R IN G 
S parkling 3 bedroom B rick with 
2 baths 
L a rg e fam ily room, form al living -dining eating areo off Kitchen and a lovely Covered patio 
Carpeted and tastefully decorated 
Low 
4o s 
696-5o77, 
342-3111 
B U LV E R D E 
Lovely 1oo% brick 4-2'z-2 with carpet throughout, fam ily room and fo rm a l dining. 
Fireplace 
Call for appointm ent 434-2341 
JUST LISTED 
Near M edical Center, carpeted 3 bedroom doolhouse that shows like a model home 
All appl., drapes, ce n tra l a ir, tucked away in a quite cul de-sac. $22,5oo. 681- 
o66o. 

EN HOUSES 2 TO 5 OPEN HOUSES 2 TO 5 

494-5221 
IOO HOWARD 
Greenfield 
Village, 
Schertz. 
Custom built home on corner lot. 
3 Bdrm s, sunken living room , dining rm . & fam ily rm . W /F P . 
High $4os. 658-6211. 

5571 COOL V A L L E Y 
In exclusive Valiev Forest Just m inutes from 
Lackland and 
Kelly - Absolutely beautiful 3-2-2 
Cathedral beamed ceiling and rock dividing wall lend charm to this elegant home P rice reduced to $33,ooo. 674-5411 
OAK HOLLOW 
ESTATES 
14o1o OAK ARBOR 
Lovely to look at and better to live in is this 3 bedroom 2 bath 
IM M A C U LA TE home 
Form al living-dining and fa m ily room provide large 
OPEN 
L IV IN G concept Covered patio and large culpde-sac lot beautifully landscaped and privacy fenced 
$45,2oo. 494-1o58, 342-3111 
11423 SPRING M O NT 
Spotless 3-2-2 with both fo rm a l & in form al living and dining 
Low eauitv. 
Large, privacy fenced yard. Priced at $31,5oo. Babcock to Spring Time to Spring Forest follow signs to 11423 Spring M ont 
699-1133, 696-157o. 
1323o CHESTERTON 
W indsor Sa. 3 bedroom, 2 bath home for $33,2oo. 653-6364 

NORTHWEST 

YOU CAN’T GO 
WRONG 
B uying this 2 bedroom 2 bath custom built 
Weston m obile home 2 covered patios, storage shed, carport and fenced. 494- 
5221 Anytim e 
FOR THE T IR E D 
FATHER who doesn't want to hassle with ya rd work. 
Here's the 
Townhome for you P riva cy fen­ ced 
M int-yard, 
Trees, but no grass to mow. 3 bedroom, 2' i baths tireplaced den, fo rm a l livin g Double garage, Desirable location. 492-2762, 342-3111 

HOI VICKI LY N N 
Schertz. Very well kept 4 B drm home on corner lot. 2 Baths, dbl garage. 
Nice ya rd 
Close to schools, park & pool Low $3o's 
658-6211. 
9315 F E R N G L E N 
Owners are anxious ond have reduced the price on this spotless 
5 bedroom executive 
French 
Chateau in Laurel H ills There is o bonus room fo r an office or playroom . This home has a large fa m ily room w ith fireplace Plus form al living and dining rooms 
Custom drapes are included and there is a screened patio fo r en­ tertaining. This 24oo sa. ft of lux u ry is $61,9oo. 
IHIO-W urzbach follow signs to 9315 Fernglen 
699-1133, nites 5423 
1o7 M EADOW WOOD 
Three bedroom two bath w ith quarters Inside Loop 41o. 824- 
o171 
E X E C U T IV E HILLS 
731 E X E C U T IV E 
For the Young at H eart - you 'll love the OPEN SPACIOUS livin g w ith cathedral ceilings and in­ dire ct lighting In this 3 bedroom 
2 bath home. E xtra room could be study or 4th bedroom. One of our best buys in C hurchill High area. $45,9oo. 344-7985, 342-3111 
5o14 ED W H ITE 
K irb y Clean 3 B a rm k in Spring field 
Manor. 
New* carpet throughout 
Convenient to Ran dolph. Ft Sam K W indsor P ark 
M all Low $2o's. 658-6211. 

NORTHWEST 

LAKESHORE 
ESTATES 
How nice to have your own super w a terfron t home w ith a lovely view of Median Lake fro m your own living room ! F u lly furnished and equipped for housekeeping for 6 people New AC, new re frig are included 
Priced at $2o,ooo. 
699-1133, nites 349-1o47. 

5271 SQ. FT. 
2 story on 
8 acres 
Lots of p riva cy in this 5 bedroom, 3 bath home. 2 fireplaces, pool room , game room, horse stalls and form al dining room . 434-2341. 

T IR E D OF TH E 
CARPOOL? 
Feel like a car d riv e r? T urn In your license! There isn’t a better location in town 
W alking distance to all schools fro m the 
M agnificent 
Colonial home * bedrooms, 2'/i baths 
Seperate form al living-dining 
Large tireplaced den 
M ony other ex tras. Coll for D etails 
344-8227, 
342-3111 
CUT TO TH E BONE 
$21,95o for this 3 bedroom home with paneled fa m ily room , i burglar bars and lots of storage. 
434-2341. 
KNOWING HOW TO 
L IV E ... is knowing w here to live and 
Northwest is L iving, w ith this 3-2- 
2 home set on a shaded yard. 
Cathedral celling, intercom system, nice carpet fo r $35,8oo 
656-1234. 
FOREST G LE N 
75% brick 3-2-2 w ith carpeting, fam ily room , cathedral ceiling privacy fence and some ap pliances 434-2341. 
LAKE P R O P E R T Y 
HOME AND INCO M E near Medina Lake One bedroom carpeted home w ith stove and re frig , plus 8 boat storage areas. 
A-steal at $16,2oo. 699-1133, nites 
341-5423. 
OWNER SAYS SELL 
Make equity offer on fhis lovely 
2'/z year old home In Tw in Creek with 4 Brs, 2 baths and Dble garage No city taxes Paym ents only $279.oo. Call now 341-4484. 
BRAUN STATION 
75% brick 3-2-2 w ith fa m ily room and 2o beautiful oaks S p rinkler system and firepla ce 434-2341. 
H ILL CO U N TR Y 
HOME 
5 yr old 4-3-2 on 1.9 acres 
A ir conditioned and heated kennels for dogs or horses. Cyclone fen­ ce. Super location. 824-o171. 
BEST THING S IN 
L IF E ... aren't free, but here's one you can't pass up. This 32oo sa- ft home is set on a shaded acre, 5 bedrooms, 3 baths and endless extras at $79,5oo. Call today . 
6561234 

BRAUN STATION 
Lovely 2 story 3-2-2 w ith a new double fireplace, la rge fa m ily room and lots of coun try living. 
434-2341. 

GOOD ASSUM PTION 
This home has so m any good! points 
E xcellent flo o r plan 
Large Living-dining area 
F a m i­ ly room 
Built-in-K itchen. E xtro 
Storage 
3 bedroom, 
2 baths 
Great 
Neighborhood 
Jefferson 
Hi 696-5o77, 342-3111 

DON’T S E T TL E FOR 
LESS 
Tired of the o rd in a ry house. Let show you this unusual 
3 bedroom, 2V* lu x u ry baths home. 
Its balcony, large livin g area and endless contem porary style make you have to see to believe its only $77,5oo. Call 656-1234 

P R ID E OF T H E 
B U ILD ER S ART 
The ultim ate in 5 bedroom . Th bath homes in prestige area 
Sunken livin g room , elegant dining, raised hearth fire p la ce in paneled fo m ily room , gourm et kitchen, approx 3ooo sa. ft and priced at only 
$74,9oo w ith quity, financing available. 681- 
o66o. 

Eacf^Re^^arpe^^offlcelslndepejndentlyownedaimdoperated. 

CUTE, COZY, 
CO M FOR TA BLE 
Near Med Center, priva cy fen ced 3 bedroom, 2 bath home load ed with extras This one has had lots of tender loving care. Low eauity and assume $297 mo 681 
966o 
IF YOU HAVE 
RESO LVED to live in lu xu ry and priva cy, this is it! Aprox. 8 acres, 4 bedroom 
2' i bath home wuth 2 fireplaces 
All the extras + tank, stables too much to list 344 7985, 342-3111 
AD JAC ENT LOTS 
Two 1oox1oo Lots in Sherwood 
Forest Buy one or both for $285o each 341-4484. 
T-BIRD V IL L A G E 
4 bedroom, 2 bath home w ith fam ily room, patio and new w o ll to wall carpeting 
Large corner lot. 434-2341. 
NORTHW EST HOM E 
OWNERS 
Your home could be advertised in this spoce. 
W e're selling homes from our office on Bab cock at Callaghan faster than we can list them Call today for RED 
CARPET HOME V A LU E QUOT 
ATION. 341-4484. 
4 FABULOUS 
BEDROOSM 
2 baths, double garage and northwest best area. 
FOREST 
OAKS. P riced under m arke t for quick sale at $36,ooo. 681-o66o. 
A GOOD BUY 
For your money. 
3 bedroom home w ith a w all aquarium , fireplace, b u rg la r bars and circular drive 434-2341. 
HOLLYW OOD PARK 
2174 sq. ft 
4-2-2 w ith fireplace and B l's in Fm. Rm. Self clean­ ing oven and m any other extras 
Separate m aster b r 
494-5221 
Anytim e 
TOW NVIEW ESTATES 
1oo% b rick 3-2-2 w ith fence, dou­ ble patio and on a large lot in cul- de-sac. Call fo r appointm ent. 434- 
2341. 
LOOKING FOR 
LOWER U T IL IT Y 
BILLS? 
Then this BRICK 3 bedroom , 2 both energy-saver home in near 
NW is perfect 
Features large fam ily room w ith fireplace, dining, full kitchen, assume $287 mo. or refinance 
$4o,75o. 681 - 
o66o. 
SHENANDOAH! 
4 bedrooms, 2 living areas super condition. Near it a ll! 824-o171 
CALL IT HOME 
This 3-1 is lcean and well-kept 
Easy access to 41o and m inutes from business d is tric t 
Large covered patio 494-5221 Anytim e. 
N E E D R U N N IN G 
ROOM? 
Large 3 bedroom , 2 both home w ith 7o' workshop on over 17 acres plus a creek that's perfect for basking bv on lazy sum m er days 681-o66o. 
BU ILD ER S 
2’/z acres near St M a ry's Univ. 
Good rental location. Room fo r apartm ent bldg in addition to present home and 3 apartm ents 
494-5221 Anytim e 
5 BEDROOM 
Plus dressing area, 2 'z lu xu ry baths, double garage, fo rm a l sunken living, elegant dining designed for entertaining, 2o X 16 tireplaced fa m ily room , country kitchen, plus separate breakfast area, exceptional furnishings and am enities. M id 7o's. 681-o66o. 
UTSA AR EA 
Lots of room fo r kids in this 3-2-2 on 3/4 acre. Large fam ily room w ith FP. A ll elect k it Near park and pool 494-5221. A nytim e 
TOW NVIEW ESTATES 
3-2-2, 
75% b rick 
3-2-2 w ith a sunken living room w ith cathedral ceiling and double fireplace dividing the livin g room from paneled fa m ily room 
See today! 434-2341. 

SOUTHEAST 

$14,ooo 
Super clean 2 bedroom home in 
East Village. 
Fresh new paint and ready to m ove into. Call today! 824-o171 
HIG HLAND S 
Large older home. 4 bedrooms 3 baths, air, fu lly carpeted and more. $21,95o. 674-5411. 
R EC IPE FOR L IV IN G take this 3 bedroom , 2 baths, fireplace, a double garage, k id ­ ney shaped pool, all drapes and add your fa m ily 
Cost of this recipe is only $63,5oo.oo. Call us to get liv in g !! 6S6-1234 
BELOW M A R K E T 
1.32 Acre lot in Oak H ills Ran­ ches Is just IO m iles south of 41o off 281 S. Total p rice $52oo. w ith flexible financing 341-4484. 
H IG H LA N D HILLS 
E xtra nice 
2 bedroom home, fully carpeted, drapes and air. 
$17,ooo. Paym ents of $131 con be assumed w ith reasonable down paym ent 674-5411. 

$18oo EQ U ITY and 
$188 mo. buys this bedroom, !' ? bath, garage home on a fenced, oversized lot hidden away on a quite cut de soc, ex­ ceptional value. Check this one out! 681-o66o 
WESTWOOD V ILLA G E 
3-2-2 w ith cathedral celling and paneled fa m ily room 
Covered patio and freshly painted 
434 
2341. 

CHOICEST SPOT 
A neighborhood you would have liked to live in as a child Large living room , cozy den, 
3 bedrooms, 2 fu ll baths, central a ir/h e a t 
$26,ooo, no down pay ment VA ond m ore 675-2152 

TOW NHOME 
M inutes to bases 
2 bedroom, large living, plus country kitchen w ith dining, central a ir, newly painted, exceptionally low equity and assume $152 mo. 681-o66o. 

NEAR LACKALND 
Beautiful 3 bedroom home w ith garage C entral a ir/h e a t and all appliances 
P rice just reduced 
Payments of $156 can be ossum ed with reasonable down paym ent 674-5411 

DISTRESS SALE 
Owner is hospitalized and needs to sacrifice this 3 bedroom , I bath, I cor garage home near 
Lackland and K elly 
Good con dition and located on corner lot 
Only $15oo equity and assume paym ents of $159 This one w ill not last so better h u rry 828-8195 

SHORT OF CASH? 
Several nice 
3-1 '/q-1 homes available at $25,ooo-525,8oo with no w ith no down, little or no clos ing costs 
Call for details 
675 
2152 

V A L L E Y -H I 
Close to 
Lackland 
Large 
3 bedroom 2 bath home w ith dou ble garage Botv form al and in form al dining areas plus fa m ily room 
C entral a ir/h e a t, all ap pliances and fu lly carpeted 
$29,95o. No down to VA buyer 
674-5411. 

W ALK TO 
USAFSS/LAFB 
From this p retty 2 story home in 
Gateway Terrace. Three Brs. 2 baths, cent h e a t/a ir. Assume or refinance w ith no down VA and paym ents of $235.oo. 341-4484. 

HOM E FOR A 
LARGE F A M IL Y 
Spotless, fresh ly painted 4-2 w ith a hobby room plus a living room ond fam ily room. Assume 6% VA loan or refinance 
Appriased at 
$26,5oo. 699-1133. 

HUGE BEDROOSM 
_ huge bedrooms all carpeted, 2 baths, some appliances, carpeted living room, close to all schools 
675-2152 

CLOSE TO 
TH E BASES 
Owners leaving this 4-2 in V alley 
Hi 
Large living room, covered patio and treed yard. Assume 6% 
VA loan or refinance 
$27,6oo. 
699-1133, 341-5423. 

LAC KLAN D-K E L L Y 
AR EA 
Well m aintained 4 year old home. 
3 bedroom, 2 bath and garden kitchen 
Carpeted throughout 
Low equity and take over pay ments of $143 674-5411. 

WESTWOOD V ILL A G E 
4-2-2 w ith fence, frig , and lots of carpet ond room. See today 434 
2341. 

BRING YOUR 
OWN BOAT! 
4-2-2 I block from M edina Lake 
Carpeted, paneled, nice large rooms, fenced yard 
Boot ram p and park available to resident 
675-2152 

H E R IT A G E FARM 
3-2-2 w ith appliances a n d ft carpeting Patio and p riva cy fen ce. $29,5oo. Coll 434 2341 for ap pointment 

NEAR LACK LA ND 
Clean 2 bedroom townhome Cen­ tra l a ir/h e a t and appliances 
Only $87o equity and assume paym ents of $148. 674-5411 

RA M B LIN G MASTER 
BEDROOM 
Spacious 3 bedroom, 2 bath, 2 ca r garage in Meadow Village. 
Carpeting, panelling, cathedral ceiling and m ore. 675-2152 
BRING YOUR 
OWN F R ID G E 
E verything else Is already here in this carpeted 3-2-2 in Heritage 
Farm 
A ll drapes, large livin g room and m ore. 675-2152 
H E R IT A G E FARM 
3-2-2 w ith beautiful carpet throughout and available im ­ m ediately 434-2341. 

P R IC E R E D U C E D ! on this 3 bedroom, t bath home forge fenced v o 'd . full kitchen in eluding re frig e ra to r, low equit w ith paym ents of $175 mo. 681 
o66o 

YOUR OWN 
S W IM M IN G POOL 
*-1* 2-1 w ith carpeting, panelling negotiable appliances, covered patio in fenced ya rd w ith a 27x14 pool in ground. 675-2152 
C O U N TR Y ESTATE 
F ea turin g an old farm house sur rounded bv 1ooo year old oaks 
$4o,ooo. 681-o66o. 

CA R P E T GALORE 
Luxu rious wall-to-wall ca ro e t stamps this home os special along w ith m atching drapes 3 2 2 w ith pan elling included. E quity 8, assume $224 per month 675-2152 

V A L L E Y HI p rice reduced on this im m aculate 
3 bedroom 
2 bath home 
C entral a ir/h e a t and ppliances Now priced at $21,865 
Paym ents of $18o can be assum ed w ith reasonable down paym ent 674-5411. 

LOA D ED W ITH 
EXTRAS! 
Spacious 4 bedroom, 2 bath hom e in V aliev Forest Large den w ith firepla ce and wet bar. A ll ap pliances, washer & d rye r plus more. A real beauty! 675-2152 

JUST R E D U C ED 
Adam s H ill 
3-2-2 with paneled fa m ily room, p rivacy fence fireplace, appliances, and im m ediate occupancy. $38,ooo. 434 
2341. 

N E A R LACKLAND 
Clean 4 bedroom, 2 both home in 
Valley Hi - C entral a ir/h e a t and all appliances 
Equity and fake over paym ents of $181. 674-5411 

LOW P Y A M EN TS 
3 bedrooms, I bath, converted garage in 
Westwood 
V illage 
Most appliances, central a ir & heat, covered patio in fenced yard 675-2152 

6o SECONDS 
TO K E L L Y 
Recently redecorated 3 bedroom home featu ring form al entry, 2o' fam ily room , built-in kitchen and com plete w ith all appl 
Best of all, a low equity and paym ents of only $149 mo. 681 o66o 

POOL TABLE 
This 3 bedroom , 2 bath home in 
Vallev-H i inas a large carpeted fa m ily room w ith pool table and built-in b ar, panelling, and m ore 
675-2152' 

N E A R LACKLAND 
Real nice 3 bedroom home in 
Valiev H i - a ir, all appliances and fully carpeted $17,ooo. No down paym ent on VA loan. Total m on­ thly paym ents $16o. 674-5411 

IN NEW HOME 
CONDITION! 
Luxu rious 
3 bedroom, 
2 fu ll baths, double ca r garage Q uali ty you w ant at a price you can af ford in Adam s H ill 675-2152 

A FOOL & HIS M O N E Y w ill lust keep paving rent Break the habit w ith this 3 bedroom home for a starter. 
Fully carpeted, large backyard w ith great view , priva cy fence. A L L 
A P P LIN A C E S 
What m ore can you ask fo r in a super starter? 
ONLY $21,ooo.oo Call 656-1234 

$18oo EQ U ITY 
$159 m onthly paym ents 
O w ner wants to move now. 3 bedroom home w ith fence and fresh point. 
434-2341. 

K IN G KONG 
SIZED DEN 
Fireplace 
In enormous 
33x16 fam ily room . 3 bedroom, I bath, ca r garage. Too many extra s name. OPEN TERMS. 675-2152 

LARG E HOME for v e ry low equity. Four big bedroom s, two baths and m ore. 
A bargain fo r $37oo equity. 656- 
1234 

OW N ER S E Z S E L L this 4-2-1 close to L a c k la n d /K elly and w ith in w alking distance of alt schooh, 
Drapes, covered patio and m ost appliances Assume 7% 
VA loon and move rig h t in. D on't dealy-call now! 828-8195 

SUN FOREST 
Kingsized 
M aster bedroom makes this home a real bargain at $2o,ooo.oo the rest of the house is nice to. Call today. 656-1234 

SOUTH R IDG E PARK 
Convenient ti Kelly ond Brooks 
AFB This 3-lVz-l home w ith cen­ tra ! heat and a ir is located in a nice neighborhood. 
494-5221 
Anytim e 
I 
Want 
Ads 
CALL 
225-1666 

HOURS 

8 A . M . to 
5 : 3 o P . M . 

M O N D A Y t h r u F R ID A Y 

4 o 1 — Apartments Fum. 
4 o 2 — Housekeeping Apt. 
Fum. 
4 o 4 — Apartments, Unfum. 
4 o 6 — Houses, Duplexes— 
Furnished 
4 o 8 — Houses, Duplexes— . 
Unfurnished 
4 1 o — Houses, Rent or Sell 
4 1 2 — Rooms, Furnished 
4 1 4 — Rooms, Unfurnished 
4 1 6 — Rooms with Board 
4 1 8 — W ant to Rent or 
Lease 

9 1 2 — Flea Markets 
9 1 4 — Antiques 
9 1 6 — Arts, Crofts, Imports 
9 1 8 — Coins A Jewelry 
9 2 o — Cam era— Photo 
Equip. 
9 2 2 — Musical Instruments 
9 2 4 —-Nurseries, Garden 
9 2 6 — M a c h in e ry -Tools 
9 2 8 -—-M erch an d ise M ort 
9 3 o — Merchandise 
W anted 
9 3 2 — Auction Sale 
9 3 4 — Business Directory 

1o7 BUSINESS PERSONALS 

OUTSIDE CITY LIMITS 
Price, Shop, Compare. Still fea­ turing 1977 Massages at 1973 
Prices! Come meet our Beautiful 
New “Mechanics”. 492-2oo1 

Roommate needed to share apartment? 344-1516 

B u sin e ss 
OPPORTUNITIES 
$ 
DOGS— PITS 
I 

 a n n o u n c e m e n t s T* 

1 o 6 — Personals 
1o7— Business Personals 
1 o8 — Lost and Found 
I IO — Special Notices 
1 12— Professional Notices 
1 14 — Entertainm ent 
118 
Lodge Notices 
1 2 o 
Bids A Proposals 
1 22— Official Publications 
1 24— Legal Notices 

SOI — Business 
Opportunities 
5 o 2 — Business Oppor­ tunities W anted 
5 o 4 — Money to lend 
5 o 6 — Financial— Invest- 
\ ments 
5 o 8 — o11 Propostions 
5 1 o — Motley W anted 
51 2 — Instructions 
5 1 4 — Instructions W anted 

9 3 6 — Dogs-Cats-Birds-Pot* 
9 3 8 — Poultry-Rabbit*-Boos 

Scientific-Professional 
DATING SERVICE 
Matchmaker Inc. 344-1115 
Singles 18-8o Yrs. Dating 
By Matchmaker Inc. 
1259 Jackson Keller Suite 2o5 
Executive Center 344-11 IS 

IIV I STOCK 

9 4 o — liv e s to c k -F e e d - 
Seeds 
941 — Produce 

9 4 2 — Farm Equipment and Suppi let 

I MPLO T MINT i i 

RIAL (STATE 

2o1 — Real Estate Notices 
2 o 2 — Open Houses 
2 o 4 — Property Out of 
Town 
2 o 6 — Condominiums— 
Townhouses 
2 o 8 — Apartments, 
Duplexes 
2 1 o — Houses— Northeast 
2 1 2 — Houses— Northwest 
2 1 4 — Houses— Southeast 
2 1 6 — Houses— Southwest 
I 2 1 8 — Houses M oved and 
Wrecked 
2 2 o — Houses for Trade 
2 2 4 — Houses, Sale or 
Rent 
2 2 6 — Suburban 
Property— Acreage 
2 2 8 — Re* J'T Properties 
2 3o — Lots 
231 — Investment 
Property 
2 3 2 — Farms and Ranches 
2 34 — Farms and Ranches for Rent 
2 36 — Commercial 
Property— Sale 
2 3 8 — Commercial 
Property (Lease) 
; 2 4 o — Commercial 
Property (W anted) 
2 42 — Industrial Property for Sole 
: 2 4 4 — Industrial Property for Lease 
2 46 — Industrial Property 
Wanted 
2 4 8 — Office Space for 
Lease 
2 5 o — Office Space 
Wanted 
2 5 2 — Real Estate Sell or 
Exchange 
2 5 4 — Real Estate W anted 
2 5 6 — Real Estate 
Loans— Notes 
2 5 8 — Real Estate Loans 
W anted 

RENTALS 

6o1 — Professional 
6 o 2 — Sales 
6 o 4 — Technical 
6 o 5 — Resumes 
6 o 6 — Adm inistrative— 
Financial 
6 o 8 — Secrete rial 
6 1 o — Office A Clerical 
61 2— Medical 
6 1 4 — Skills- Trades 
6 1 6 — Food-Drink Services 
6 1 8 — Port rim e 
6 2 o — Help W anted 
Miscellaneous 
6 2 2 — Domestic 
6 2 4 — Situations W anted 

AUTOMOTIVE 

7o1 — Antiques-Collectors 
7 o 2 -7 2 6 — Sports, Foreign 
7 3 o -7 4 3 — Cars— For Sale or Trade 
7 4 4 — Customized Cars— 
Speed-Racing Equip. 
7 4 6 — Truck* A Commercial 
Trailers— Buses 
7 4 8 — Motorcycles— 
Scooters 
7 5 o — Wonted-Autos, 
Trucks, Trailer*, 
Motorcycles 
7 5 2 — General Auto 
Repair 
7 5 4 — Tires— Parts— 
Accessories 
7 5 6 — Auto, 
Financing— Loans 
7 5 8 — Aircraft 
Services— Supplies r 
■ {CREATIO NAL 

8o1 ■— Campers— Trailers 
8 o 2 — Motor Homes 
8 o 4 — Boats, Motors 
8 o 6 — Sporting Goods 
8 o 8 — Hunting A Fishing 

To Find Cto»»ifi«d Ototh 
Moilers P iru ** Sr* 
F ront P o s* Indcc 

1 o 1 - — D e ath * 
1 o 2 - — C a r d o f Thonk* 
M e m o r io m 

1 o 3 - — F lo r is t* — flo w e r s 
1 o 4 — F u n e ra l D ire c to rs 
1 o 5 -— C e m e t e r y — B u ria l 

Lots 

1o6 
P 
E 
R 
S 
O 
N 
A 
L 
S 
FOR HELP with an unwed preg­ nancy, call Edna Gladney Home, 
Ft. Worth, TX 1-8oo-792-11o4 

SPRING S P E C IA L! V, Price 
Massage. Free Sauna and Whirl­ pool. 732-3341 Tokovo House, 4218 
Blanco. 

1 o 8 - L 
O 
S 
T 
A 
N 
D 
F 
O 
U 
N 
D 
FOUND: Approx. 3 weeks ago, 
Brackenridge Park area, black- tan female, looks like German 
Sheppard. 653-o41o; 822-3855. 
FO UND: fem ale Dachshund mixed, 319 w Huisache. 734-9437 
FOUND German Shepherd pup, 
Jackson Keller Rd. at West Ave. 
224-8383 or 344-2224 
FOUND: GROWN Male German 
Shephard. Black and silvery. 
Redeemed from Dog Pound. Call 
344-6o13. 
Found It. brown and white female p uppy in West Ave- Santa Anna area. 732-2154 or 344-7434 atter 
4pm 
FOUND: Male Dachshund, blk- fon, Camelot areo. 45S-8S!4. 
FOUND: Reddish brown and white female dog. 822-5335 

INCOME TAX HEARTBURN? 
A real estate investment in a growth area with good leverage and an interest write off would have made it much less irritating. 
Call Jim Hanley, Broker, right now. S.A. Direct Dial 497-3421 
BULVERDE AREA REALTY 
497-3421 REALTORS 1 + 438-7442 
NEED HELP? Want to talk it out? 
Write, Mr. Listener. PRIVATE, 
C O N F ID E N T IA L , 
U N D E R ­ 
STANDING. Get it off your chest. 
Send name, telephone no., ond time to coil for appointment to Mr. 
Listener, PO Box 32S9t, San An­ tonio, Tx 78216. Minumum rates, 
$5o per hr. 
___ 
______ 

LOST: Airedale, black-tan, 9 yr old female named "Bobs" ID tog with Baton Rouge, La address. 
V icin ity of Starcrest. $1oo 
REWARD! 349-771o________ _ 
LOST: area Lockhill-Selma and 
NW M ilitary, German Shepard pup, black-tan, ‘Princess'. GEN­ 
EROUS 
REWARD offered. 
492-2o49. 
Lost area of Jackson Keller and 
Blanco, grey Tabby cat, answers to “Mew". 341-757o ; 225-5341 
LOST: Male Apricot poodle, 3 mos old, Palm Heights area. $3o 
Reword! 922 236! 
LOST: male black Lab retriever, red collar, vicinity of Hollywood, 
Howard. Nam ed “ D um per". 
REWARD! 828-1241 733-84oo 

1 o 7 - B 
U 
S 
I N 
E 
S 
S 
P 
E 
R 
S 
O 
N 
A 
L 
S 
A NEW MASSAGE LOCATION outside city, open J days 'til 2am. 
Prof. masseuses. 1223o IH35 N. between O'Conner A Judson Rds 
FOXY LADY Escort Service. 
734-8253 or 732-3341. Tofcovo 
House, 12*8 Blanco. 

LOST: McCullough - Maplewood area 4-13: brown billfold with personal papers, wrong IO ad- dress. Reword. 822-98o4, 342-71oo. 
LOST: Small black shaggy dog vicinity of Santa Monica-San Pe­ dro. No collar. Children's pet! 
REWARD! 824-8721, or 734-o533 eves. 

[ a n n o u n c e m e n t s ) ( ^ 
] 

11O 
- S 
P 
E 
C 
I A 
L 
N 
O 
T 
I C 
E 
S 
I n o 
- m u n o t i c e s 

Reserved 
Fiesta Parade Seats 
3oo Block E. Houston St. 
(Front Kress-Grant Stores) 
Benefit Elks Crippled Children 

Front R o w ........................................... $ 3 .oo 
Second Row........................................ $ 2 .oo 
Call 732-431o 

Tickets M ay Be Picked Up Early At 
Above Location M onday thru Thursday 

II 
I 

I 
I 
I 
I 
J 

IOO - LOSI NU FOUND 
REWARD!! for missing v» Dach­ shund, Va Chihuahua, dark brown with tan m arkings. No tags. 
Vicinity of Candlelight Apts, So. 
Flores. Named “Cocoa". 924-o528 or 228-5oo1 

1 1 o - S 
P 
E 
C 
I A 
L 
N 
O 
T 
I C 
E 
S 
AUDITORIUM 
Air conditioned tor weddings, receptions, dances, etc. Holds up to 45o people. G reater S.A. 
Builder Assoc. 8925 N.W. IH-1o. 
694-38oo. 
Almost Free Transportation 
For Details Call; 224-2221. 

A LVAR EZ CAFE 
GRAND OPENING 
Sunday April 24, 1977 
Food Vs Price, Live Music 
LOS 5 UNIDOS JOE JASO 
3735 S.W. Military 
Mory LOU Alvarez, owner 
ARE YOU INTERESTED in personable lady with good bu sines* head, well groomed, people oriented, unencumbered, who it looking tor a challenge in work that 
It interesting and diversified? E xcellent back­ er ound1494-4139 
Choice Fiesta Parade Seats available. East Central Boaster 
Club 333-33o4 333-4417 

LOST: White Cat with orange ears, viciity of Eisenhauer and 
IH-35N. 654-26o8. 

FREE 
WATERBEDS 
EXOTIC 
MASSAGES 

LOST: White Dog, Light Brown ears, wears red collar, 539 E 
Dickson. 923-5313. 

MOBILE HOM ES 
SSE) 

Given by the Foxiest Girls in San 
Antonio. Best place to Relax and unwind. "Feel Belter Fast". Out­ side City Limits. Open IO 3o am to 
4am. Big Discounts! North Side. 
PARIS RUBS, 492 2994 

Missing since Mon. April ll, bay 
I gelding with white star on for- 
; ehead. Last seen in area of San 
I Antonio R iv er- M ilita ry D r., wearing yellow halter 
REWARD! 533-1574 224-4484 
I PLEASE Check Dog Pound In 
Brackenridge Park for your lost 
: animals. They keep them only 3 
! days. 

8 1 o — Mobile Home Sale 
8 11 — Mobile Home 
Repairs— Insurance 
8 1 2 — Mobile Home Porks 

Get a switch massage? Cai! Miss 
34-22-35 tor more info. 492-2994 
MAGIC SPECIAL 1J price mas sage. 734-8253. 3419 Bianco Magic 
Mns s a g e ______________ __ 

M ERCHANDISE lf 

3 o 2 — Mobile Homes for 
Rent 

9 o 1 — Business Equipment 
9 o 3 — Building M aterials 
9 o 5 — Portable Buildings 
9 o 7 — Furniture 
9 o 9 — Pawn Brokers 
9 1 o — Appliances 

MASSAGES 
734-o411 
MASSEUSE 
W ANTED 
$2oo $3oo Weekly Experienced not necessary. 732-3361. 4218 
Blanco. Tokovo House. 

REWARD for info, leading to re­ turn of ‘Sunnier a male blue-eved 
Dalmatian last seen with 3 people in Eisenhauer -IH3S Area. We pray tor you. 6S6-33o7 652-3o42 
Reword for toy gray Poodle Lost 
April 9 Windcrest area. 455-2482 

MT OLYM PUS SP E C IA L! Vj 
Price massage. Free Whirlpool. 
Ask for Donne Escort available 
349-8971 1935 LaManda. 

REWARD! tor solid black female 
Great Dane lost in Rittman Rd area. 824-7854 822-3849 
REW ARD'! to r return of male orange-white spotted Brittany 
Spaniel. Lost Easter Sunday from 
Little Flower or Woodlawn Lake area. Has San Marcos tags. 
Please call 734-8383 or Austin 
512-834-4494 collect. 

C A II 225 1666 

DAY and NIGHTS seats for Pa­ rade. IOO block Broadway. Palm 
Heights PONY Baseball. 227-44o8 
FIES TA 
PARADE 
TICKETS 
SOO Blk Brdwy. Front TV camera. 
734-5973 Tickets at 265 Addax 

FOR RENT 
Hourly or daily Auditorium and 
Party roam beautiful North Side 
Location, great tor music, dubs, parties, wedding receptions, meetings of ail kinds. Call 
344-4539. Near North star and 
Central Park Mall. 
Fort Clark Springs membership and lot. $2ooo or $4oo and take up payments. 624-2515 after 5pm 
INTERNATIONAL ESCORT AND 
TOUR AGENCY. Escorts, single party and groups. Tours, guided fomily and night life. 349-4841 
Jiffy Press Instant Printing 
A full service print shop near youl 
14o4 McCullough 6211 San Pedro 
17o1 SW Military Dr. 
42o9 Fredericksburg Rd. 
226 E-Rhapsody at Son Pedro 

NEED PARADE SEATS? 
Battle af Flowers and Flambeau. 
Good seats still available. On 
Travis Street, 735-57o2. 
Need someone reliable around your place? 
R etired schoolteacher will babysit a small ranch in return tor a comfortable place to live. 481-3722 

Mr. & Mrs. John I. Ker- cheville, III proudly an­ nounce the arrival o f their baby BOY: John I. 
Kercheville, IV, 7 lbs. 5 oz. born April 4, 1977. 

Mr. & Mrs. Henry D. 
King proudly announce the arrival o f their baby 
BOY: Brian Paul, 7 lbs. 
15 oz. born April 6, 
1977. 

Mr. & Mrs. 
Lawrence lly o if th 
GIRL: 
Rayna 
Wyn, lbs. 12 oz. born April 4, 
1977. 

Mr. & Mrs. Michael D. 
Pullin proudly announce 
♦he arrival o f their baby 
GIRL: Brandi Danielle, 6 lbs. 12 oz. born March 
21. 1977. 
Place your announcement 
Call 225-1666 
Miss Carroll 

Miller proudly announce the orrivol o f their baby 

* * 
* 
* 
* 
* 
* 
* 
* 
* 
* 
* 
* 
* 

•PARADE SEATS* 
HOO Blk, Brdwy at Jones, in front of O.R. Mitchell Dodge. 4th Blk et 
Parade) All proceeds go to support Boy Scout Troop 244. FPT 
Reservations call 455-o471. 

IID SPECIAL N E T O 

B L O O D 
' 
? D O N A T IO N S ? 

BLOOD - PLASMA 
SCR VICES OF 
SANANTONIO 
NOW 
O P E N 
ACROSS FROM 
MUNICIPAL AUDITORIUM 
AT 
112 AUDITORIUM CIR* 
Mea.-frL MO AJR.-44o FJA 
CLOSED SAT. A SUN. 
$ PAID DONATIONS I 
ONLY 

•PARADE SEATS* 
Bathe Flowers - Flambeau, West­ side 7oo Blk. Brdwy. Front of 
Superior Pontiac. Benefit; Scout 
Troop 5. 225-1222. 1oam to 4pm 
Mon-Fri. 4V4-2S83 att. *pm 
PARADE SEATS 
Will Denver 
223-1762 
PARADE TIC K ETS ! 12oo blk 
Broadway. $2.5o per seat. 494-5219 
Thousand Oaks Country Club gold card, $75o. Ruth Beggs 925-4351 
494-1o17 
Top cash paid tar your old new­ spapers and corrugated. 815 Ce­ rago APCO PAPER STOCK 

WALL-TO-WALL CARPETS 
Contracter has large quantity of quality carpet and pad left from various lobs. Will sell cheap and install. 
828-32o5 or 
826-178o 

18-8o YEARS 
ESCORTS- ALL OCCASIONS 
Be one or have one 
344-1115 344-1125 
114 - BUTHffAWmaiT 6U1oE oTaHe!Tou7cm!n!!ohfTusmess trips, fishing trips, you name it, we'll fly It! 1-o44-3471 
129 - H B I PtOPOSAlS 
SaleTnPutomaficTjTnftulTon from the North East independent 
School District on Thursday, April 
21, 1977. at 2:3o P .M ., 1o333 
Broadway, San Antonio, Texas. 

FOR FAST RESULTS 
RL ACI YOUR W A N T AD 
IN THE EXPRESS NEW S 
CALL 225-1666 

Sealed bid proposals will be received by the Board of Trustees of the North East Independbnt 
School District for the following : 

BANK DEPOSITORY BID 
2:oo p.m., Tuesday, 
May 3,1977 

Bld terms may be picked up prior to Md opening in the office of the 
Directer of Purchasing, N. E. I S. 
D., 1o333 Broadway, San Antonio, 
Texas________________________ 
Sealed bld proposals w ill be received by the Board of Trustees of the North East Independent 
School District for the following 
Items at the times shewn: 
NURSING SUPPLIES: 2:oo p.m., 
Thursday, April 21, 1977. 
READING SKILLS PROGRAM: 
3:oo p.m., Thursday, April 21, 
1977. 
HEALTH E Q U IP M E N T'. 2:oo p.m., Wednesday, April 27, 1977 
Bid forms may be picked up prior to bid opening on the office et the 
Director of Purchasing, N. E. I. S. 
P., 1o333 Broadway, Son Antonio, 
Texas. 

EXPRESS A N D NEW S 

12o BIOS 8 PROPOSALS 
,« 
.... 
I..■ 

Sealed bids will be received by the 
City Clerk, City Hall, until 2:oo P.M., 
April 19, 1977, to furnish the City of 
San Antonio and Bexor County with the following items on annual con­ tract basis os per bid forms in the 
Purchasing Deportment: 

Allis Chalmers and Hyster Parts and 
Service; Allison Transmission Parts; 
All Purpose Detergent, Alternator 
Ports ond Service; American Motors 
Ports and Service; Automotive Air 
Conditioning 
Ports; 
Automotive 
Searings, Oil ond Grease Seals ond 
Pillow Blocks; Automotive Belts, 
Radiator Hose, Heater Hose, All 
Types and Hose Clamps; Automo­ tive Clutch Potts and Service,- 
Automotive 
Ignition 
Parts; 
Automotive Mufflers, Toil Pipes, 
Exhaust Pipes ond Related Items; 
Automotive Oil ond fuel filters ond Air Cleaner Elements; Auto­ motive Spring Ports ond Service,- 
Automotive Type Shock Absorbers; 
Auto ond Truck Brake Parts ond 
Service; Carburetor ond Starter 
Ports and Service,- Chevrolet Parts ond Service,- Detroit Diesel Engine 
Ports ond Service,- Dodge-Piymouth 
Parts and Service,- Elgin Sweeper 
Parts and 
Service; 
Engine 
Rebuilding-Mochine Shop Service; 
Floor Finish; Ford Passenger Car & 
Light-Medium Duty Truck Ports and 
Service; Garbage 
Disposal 
Service; 
Glass 
Replacement 
(Automotive); Glass Replacement 
(Buildings); GMC Parts and Service; wodall and Certain Other Parts; 
Heavy Duty Ford Truck Ports ond 
Service; Heavy Equipment Parts and Service; Ingram Parts and 
Service; International Truck Parts and 
Service; Lamps, 
Standard; 
Maintenance of Gasoline Pumps; 
Maintenance of Lubrication Equip­ ment; Michigan and Waukesha 
Parts and Service; Passenger Tires; 
Pest Control Services; Perfection, 
Hobbs, Koenig and Mazon Ports and 
Service; Radiator 
Repair 
Service; Signals - Visual • Audible 
Warning; Spark Plugs; Speedo­ meter Calibration; lampo Ports ond 
Service; Tire 
Recapping, 
Retroding ond Repair Service; Trap fk Signal Lamps; Truck ond Heavy 
Equipment Tires and Tubes; Wayne 
Sweeper 
Ports ond 
Service,- 
Automotive Shop Equipment Parts and Service. 

JOHN W. KOOKS, CPO 
Director of Purchasing cmd Central Supply 

W. W. GIORGI 
County Purchasing Agent 

2o1 - REAL ESTATE NOTICES 
[ 2o1 • REAL ESTATE NOTICES. 

INSTRUCTORS 
NEEDED 
HAVE YOU ALWAYS 
DREAMED Of 
TEACHING? 
NOW IS YOUR CHANCE! 
A Reputable 
Real Estate 
School, approved by the 
Texos State Real Estate Com­ mission, is coming to Son An­ tonio SOON! We will have 
Day & Evening classes to meet with your schedule. We will offer training ttf those who require it. 
Contact David Rosow: 
675-95oo _ 

YOUR HOME 
FOR 9o DAYS??? 
I le * m e m a k e yow a a a h o tte r . T op f o lia r p a id fo r y o u r h o m o o r e q u ity a n d I w i p a y a l d o tin g c o d . 
P ro m p t a n d o ffic ia n t to r y - leo. Y o u r M o n e y on TMO 
C hock I S to k e r a n d a tto r ­ n e y le a d s p a id ! 
849-6531 
5 . A 
. R 
. E . 24Hours 

BEFORE YOU SELL 
Let ut make a CASH offer for your home or equity. Call now! 
The 
Home 
Mart 
655-12o1 

CASH for HOMES 
We Buy HOMES and EQUITIES. 
Honest, Efficient, and Fast Ser­ vice. We pay all Closing Costs. 
CaH Tony or Bernice, 341-6136. 
SPECIA, REALTORS. 
$ CASH FOR HOUSES $ 
924-4288 Tom Garrison 496 3615 
Cash tor your Norttiside eauitv 
Larry Bornebey341-44S5. 484-29o9 

S CASH $ 

124LMWTICES 

I will not be responsible tor any debts Incurred other than myself. 
JAMES D. TYNES 
Used tires at various sizes from the North East independent 
School District will be sold bv auction on Wednesday, April 2o, 
1977 at 7:15 p.m. 
The sale will be handled by the 
Barnes Auction Company at their location at 24o1 South Hackberry, 
San Antonio. This auction is open to the public. 
___ 
‘72 FIAT 124 WAGON. RUNS AND 
LOOKS TIP-TO P. 119o CASH. 
GETS OVER 3o MPOS. 828-4959 
2o1 KAL ESTATE NOTO 
Borgh M r s Special 
No down payment to onyone. 3-4 bedrooms, 2 baths, some with air and appliances, first payment in 
June. 
BOB DePAOLO 
344-3991_____________ REALTOR 

FOR YOUR HOME OR EQUITY 
WE PAY ALL CLOSING COSTS 
924-4331 
HUGHES A BRISCOE 
•EQUITY WANTED: PAY *2,5oo 
CASH FOR EQUITY IN OLDER 
HOME. N E E D IN G R E P A IR S. 
ASK FOR ADOLPH 
ALLSTATE REALTORS 
433-3295 or 828-4817 HITES 
IMMEDIATE CASH 
For Your Home. We pay all clos­ ing costs! We also take trades. 
CaH 
494-5571 
435-8474 
532-3252 
C e n tu ry 21 
WAKEFIELD REALTORS 
Need to sell fast? Will buy your 
NS equity. Call Glenn, 481-1576 

63o PATRICIA 
ENCHANTED FOREST 
OPEN 1-5 
C e n tu ry 21 w h it e h e a d -h o lL io a y 
481-o3oo 
REALTORS 

PROPERTY OWNERS 
We only charge 53oo commission for selling homes CHARLES 
WATTS REAL ESTATE 732-2918, 
732-S3SS, 228-91o4. 
_____ 

FOH T H I FASTCST R tS U lTS 
O N A W A N T AD 
TH I NUMBER TO C A U 
IS 2 2 5 -1 6 6 6 
EXPRESS A N D NEWS 

RENTAL MANAGEMENT 
Have our professional stuff han­ dle you rental property. Call (or details today. 
534-8826 
Nites 494-14o4 
C e n tu ry 21 
WAKEFIELD REALTORS 
SELLING YOUR OWN HOME?? 
Need action now? List it with 
Hart McCormick Realtor 344-5564 
WE BUY EQUITIES 
We Pay All Closing Costs 
Tanglewood Rlty 655 /713 
WE BUY HOMES 
Fast Cash. Na Closing Cost 
LaHoma Properties, inc. 
349-2479 

 h e il buy YOUR HOME or lot for cash. Fast service. Will trade. 
BOB DePAOLO 
344-3o91_____________REALTOR 
WHY PAY RENT? Own your own home, no down payment to an­ yone! Payments less than rent. 
Lloyd Montgomery 
658-18o6 

2o2 
H 
O 
U 
S 
E 
S 
O 
P 
E 
N 
Alamo Heights, by owner, 112 
Cloverleaf, 2—SPM 4 bedroom, 3 bath, central air-heat, pool, 214o sq.ft. 557,5oo. No agents please. 

ALAMO H6TS 
32o CLOVERLEAF 
OPEN 2-5 
Charming 3 bedroom, M editer­ ranean home with huge garden, living, and dining area 
H ARDY & COINC 
REALTORS 
824-2484 
ALAMO HGTS. 
215 Retama 
Open 2 to 6 PM., Charming 3 be­ droom, 2 bath home, central heat- air. Courtyard entry with foun- lain. *44,5oo. 
REALTOR 
491-13oo 
C e n tu ry 21 
ELAINE LUDWIG A ASSOC. 
ALL BRICK 3 bedroom IV* bath 
HOME BUILT ON YOUR LOT 
$16,95o IOU Gardina oft W. Ave 
SPECIA BUILDERS lnc.349-1491 
AN ENERGY SAVER 
7835 WILD EAGLE 
OPEN I to 5 - Sat A Sun 
3 bedrooms and a study, but has been prepared for future expan­ sion. Fantastic view on .8 acre. 
699-1ooo Anytime 
Beanie Owens Co 
REALTORS-Turtle Creek Ole 

13o DAVIS COURT 
Living room, dining room, den, solarium with wet bar. 25oo sq ft. 
$89,5oo 
HS REALTY 
82+7417 
344-5433 
FOX RUN NORTHEAST 
3 and 4 bedroom homes 
$45,ooo to $51,9oo. 
VA-FHA. Ne city taxes 
HARRINGTON HOMES 
344-1424 
454-o44o 

3 GIANT OMS 
Guards this 3 bedroom, 2 bath hill country home. Ideally situated on almost an acre that is completely fenced. Call now for private showing. $44,9oo 
KCN CO REAL ESTATE 
698-2445 
11831 SANDMAN 
Enchanted Forest. Open t-4 
4-2-2. Spacious living and enter­ taining area with fireplace. Large kitchen and breakfast room. 
Stone exterior, courtyard and pa­ tio. $64,5oo 344-1934,____________ 

 m 
- w m m 

O W N 1 o :o o -6 :o o 
8219, 8319, 
8323 B R IX T O N 
8314 W ATCH T O W ER fO U I NCW HOMES IN W AUN 
STATION {AST! $ * « Ihnm oil end choose IE yow coni 
I - 
*tory hon*** w ith 3 em f 4 bedroom *, 
J luxury bathe and tote o f en tertain in g sp o t*! fire p la ce * cmd p a tio * double fo r a g e * . 
Carpeting, landscaping 
. . . built" in kitchen* and sep arate utility roan**. Caon 
Valley w h eal*. fro m 
$ 4 8 ,3 o o to » 5 8 ,* O o . 
6 8 1 -2 9 o o 
OPEN 2 :3 o -3 :3 o 
143o7 CITA TIO N 
(w eath er perm itting) 
In 
CHURCHILL 
ESTATES o ff 
BLANCO RO. lf you lo ve a n ­ tique furniture, you'll love this Colonial h o m e! All brick 
. . . with spacious living-din­ ing room , fam ily room w ith fireplace and pecan paneling! 5 b ed roo m * (or 4 plus library) 
2 full, co m ­ partm ented b a th * and a half both. W orkshop to o ! 
$ 7 9 ,4 o o 
6 S 3 -7 3 4 1 

OPEN 2 :o o -6 :o o 
12o D O G W O O D 
In CASTLE MILLS a ff LOCK- 
HILL-SELMA. Spraw ling, R an- ch-style hom e and a huge let, with 9 o o a k *! 
Saltillo tiled patio . . . pool, ca b a n a and M O I O pen and spacious, with living-dining a r e a s and a glassed-in fam ily a r e a . . . doors in e a ch roo m , o p en onto the p a tio ! 3 bed roo m s in the m ain house and a 4th bedroom w ith b a th in tho guesthouse. Country kitchen, com plete w ith m icro -w a v e oven. 
S 9 2 .3 o o 
4 9 4 -7 7 7 1 
OPEN 2 :3 o -6 :3 o 
59o2 W IID W IN D 
In WINDCREST oH 
WEDGE­ 
FIELD. Custom built o i n ativ e fieldstone w ith a tten tio n to ev ery d etail! O pen, y e t plan­ ned and sa n ed sp aces . . . living, dining and fam ily orc ai w ith V o o h e d ceilings cmd rn big fire p lace . . . 3 bedroom s. J '/ i b ath s and a lot o f e x tr a s ! 
Beautifu lly landscape d! 
$ 9 8 ,5 o o 
6 3 3 -7 3 4 1 
OPEN 1 :o o -6 :o o 
13314 SYR A C U SE 
In U N IV ERSITY O AKS off DE 
ZAVALA 
ROAD. 
A g ro a t. brick firep lace highlights the lorge fo m ily-living room o f this courtyard hom o! 
Brick arches se p a ra te th e dining a rea 
. . . 
3 bed roo m s, 
2 bath* and a kitchen, break fast room and utility room co m p lete th e plan. 
C overed, Saltillo tiled patio in beau tifully landscaped yard. 
$ 4 2 ,9 o o 
6 8 1 - 2 9 o o 

OPEN 2 :3 o -5 :3 o 
29o7 H IT CH IN G POST 
In OAK FOREST o ff POST OAK o ff N.E. Loop 4 1 o o cca s* rd. 
Set an a p o rk -lik e lot, this beautifully d e co ra te d , C on- fem parary hom e 
Ho* 
4 bedroom s (I is pone le d ), 2 tile baths! Enorm ous, open living a r e a has huge fireplace w ith ra ised h earth . 
New kitchen h as new . 
H arvest 
Gold app lian ces. 
Close to M acA rthur High! 
$ 6 2 ,8 o o 
8 2 4 -9 6 3 1 

OPEN 2 :o o -4 :3 o 
2o3 GUENTOW ER 
In 
CASTLE 
HULS off 
NW 
MILITARY 
HW Y. 
Beautifully red ecorated and picture p erfect! 
This specious, all brick hom o h as firep la ces in bath living and fam ily roam s 
. . . a form al dining room and a rem odeled k itchen with a com in g-w are ra n g e! 
S bedroom s, 3 H b ath s (sitting room in m aster suite). . .se p a ra te q u arters too! 
Gracious living a t its bast! 
$ 1 2 5 ,o o o 
4 9 4 -7 7 7 1 
OPEN 1:oo-6:oo 
6 93 9 FOREST W A Y 
In EOS EST OAKS o ff {V E IS 
ROAD. 
Clo so to 
O ak 
Hills 
Elem entary school . . . a 3 bedroom , 2 b ath hom e with a huge, open living a r e a with beam ed , ca th ed ral coil­ ing end fire p la ce ! C arpeting thruput . . . Saltillo tile entry! 
Patio in o a k -fille d yard! 
$ 4 4 ,5 o o 
6 8 1 - 2 9 o o 
OPEN 2 : o o - 6 : o o 
62o3 CHECKREIN 
In FOREST OAKS oH EVERS 
ROAD. C orner lot hom e with side entTy g a ra g e . . . has spacious living, dining and fam ily rooms! 
3 bedroom s 
(dressing c r e e in m aster bedroom ), 
2 full baths. 
Carpeting thruoutl 
Long, lovely patio in privacy fe n ­ ced backyard , 
$ 4 4 ,9 o o 
6 8 1 - 2 9 o o 

OPEN 2 :o o -5 :o o 
3543 H U N T W IC K 
'n 
HIDDEN 
CREEK a ff 
STONEHAVEN. Custom built. 
C ontem porary hom o w ith a 
Southw estern look! 
4 specious bed roo m s, 3 b a th s 
Living room w ith fireplace end ca th ed ra l ce il­ ing . , , dining and fam ily roam s. C ov ered p atio a ff liv­ ing room and m a tte r suite! 
$ 8 9 ,3 o o 
6 9 6 -4 8 1 1 
OPEN 2 :o o -5 :o o 
923 GREY O A K 
In CASTLE PARK a ff BLANCO. 
Beautiful 
C ontem porary home with an A trium -entry, fireplace in the fam ily room ond a se p a ra te hobby room en the second patio! Living room 2 3 x 1 3 ! 
Huge m aster suite (4 bedroom s, 2 baths in oil). Near N o rth east schools. 
S 6 S .o o o 
4 9 4 -7 7 7 1 

& y C M p m * t t C b . 

J U 

R E A L T O R S 

1 PREFERRED PROPERTIES 
, 
OPEN 2— 5 

| 
FIRST TIME OPEN 
1o6 LOCHAVEN 

CASTIE HIUS ESTATES 

With a 3 room guest suite Stun­ ning one story white stone. 
Specious 3 2 2, huge family room 
(fP, high berimed ceiling) glassed to patio ond privacy treed grounds. Don I miss this! 

FIRST TIME OPEN 
IOO S. GARDENVIEW 

Castle Hills 
Flowered, bricked arbor entry to this lovely brick one story. 4-3-2, exciting glossed family room (FP). See this! 
4o1o GLENROCK 

|laure! Hills, N.W. loop 41o ond 
Wgrzboch. 
I block west to I 
Bluemel. lovely French. Erick 3-| 
2 2 Oual fireplace divides living ond dining rooms. Family room1 with expansive use of gloss.. 
Saltillo tile, beomed ceiling 
Sunshine morning room. Near] 
USAA, UTSA, Medical Complex 

PRICE REDUCED 
251o DANBURY 

Two blocks north of loop 41o 
East. Completely redecorated in­ terior ond exterior. 3-2 2. Iiving- sjinmg room (or large fonnly 
^roomj glossed to coveted polio.. 
Lot 11oX2oo N I Schools. 

826-2347 
REALTORS1 

TEXAS SIZE SAVMGS... IO 

LINES 

DAYS 

NON COMMERCIAL! 
CANCELLABLE 
W IT H O U T 
RATE C H A N G E 
225-1666 
QUICK RESULTS! rn 

2o1 I 

REALTOR 

Hi MIKES 
MI M I BOT Wilds a i- B l BME RMH 

Buying or Selling? 

San A ntonio E X F R E S S -N E W S — 
Su n d o y April 17, 1 9 7 7 

 lt2f1 - REAL ESTATE MTiCtS 
2o1 - REAL [STAT! NOTICES 
12o1 ttOfSP /ftrfg GES 
M .KAL. ESTATE NOTICES 

■ ■ ■ ■ ■ ■ ■ ■ ■ ■ ■ ■ ■ ■ ■ ■ I 

- T i ) 

Know Your REALTOR 

Doing much more than helping you buy and sell real estate ... your 
Realtor is your voice in m any forums ... speaking out in behalf of pro­ perty owners, alw ays with your best interests in mind. O n matters of land usage planning, taxation, industrial expansion, maintaining pro­ perty values, urban improvements and governm ent relations, your 
Realtor is your spokesman. Alw ays as close as your telephone, he is waiting to discuss real estate matters with you at any time. 

See one of these professionals for all your real estate transactions. 

(This is a p artial list of R EA LT O RS ‘‘In a n d a r o u n d ” San A n to n io 

>PEN h 6 o ?1 SAT SUN 
U t E. Houston-Sv o w n e r 

IS 2 2 5 -1 6 6 6 
EXPRESS AND NEWS 

ADAMS, KEIFER & MCBRIDE 
4414 Centerview Dr. Suite 219 
733-8182 

FRANCES ALTGELT REALTY fete $ Ted o Neill 
826 847o 

ASSOCIATED REALTY 
3 Convenient locotions 
824-1477 

BASSE-WEILBACHER, REALTORS 
Independents— giving personoliied service 
349 1436_______________ 111o2 West Eve 

VERN BOSTER 
2214 Cincinnati 
734-7o31 

DON BOUCHELLE & CO. INC. 
1259 Jackson Keller 
341 4666 

CENTURY 21 DelANEY REALTY 
2433 Austin Hwy. 
653 o55o 

CENTURY 21— ELAINE LUDWIG 
& ASSOCIATES 
87o3 Wurzboch Rd 
691-13Qo 

CENTURY 2 1 - B ill PARKINS 
REALTY 
4o35 Nato Perrin 
653 8131 

CENTURY 21— R. R. RANSOM 
REALTY 
74o5 Hwy 9o West 
673-77o1 

CENTURY 21 GLASCOCK 
ASSOCIATES 
6126 Montgomery Dr 
656 7717 
13337 Son Pedro 
494 1951 

CENTURY 21-MONEYSAVERS 
REALTY 
12122 El Sendero 
656 242o 

CENTURY 21 SCHNEIDER REALTY 
6233 Eyers Rd., Ste A 
684-72oo 
(leon Volley) 

CENTURY 21-STEVENS-RoHDE 
8151 Broadway 
828 5544 

**' CENTURY71 WHITEHEAD-* 
HOLLIDAY 
5838 Joiner 
684 3711 
11785 West Ave. 
341-7115 
7217 Bandera Rd. 
*681-o3oo 

Century 21-National Real 
Estate 
5o34 Military Or. W. 
674-4411 
7o47 Military Or. W. 
674-7717 

CENTURY 21 DOUGLAS REAL 
ESTATE 
833 Bondero Rd. 
434-3185 

EDYTHE B. COOPER, REALTOR 
142 W Rhapsody 
3411867 

CORNELIUS 8 ASSOCIATES 
4412 Rittimon 
828 6343 

NELSON CORY, REALTORS 
31o West Sunset Rood 
824 4571 

DALCO REAL ESTATE 
912 Oblate 
824-69oo 

FAMILY REALTY 
3o26 Hillcrest 
732 8111 

BILLY FELLOWS & ASSoCS. 
1o22S Ironside 
69o 922o 

JOHN FLOURNOY CO. REALTORS 
14o7 Jackson Keller 
341 72o1 

G. G. GALE 
1531S Son Pedro 
494 5237 

C. M. FURR CO. 
C J Ondrusek, Realtor 
733 7141 

FORTUNA ASSOCIATES 
374o Colony 
696 1412 

TOM GARRISON, REALTOR 
666 5.W Military Dr. 
924-4238 

GREAT AMERICA REALTOR 
42o4 Gordendole 
69o 98o2 

REESE HENRY, REALTOR 
11626 El Sendero 
655 3584 

H & H REALTY 
36o4 Fredericksburg Rd 
736-1918 

KEY GRoUP-HoDSDoN & 
ASSOC. 
11S Oemyo___________________ 674 3552 

KEY GROUP DON JOHNSON 

344 3o78 REALTORS 
828 8241 
194 7711 
656-3441 

JoNES-KING REALTY 
53o7 Broadway 
826-2439 

. 
KELLY REALTY 
3633 Culebra 
433 6645 

BEULAH MAE KELLER & ASSOC. 
226 Windsor 
736OOIS 

KEY GROUP-GASE-BAKER 
REALTORS 
41o3 Parkdale 
69o 899o 

KEY GRoUP-BoB JONES, 
REALTOR 
42o Jackson Keller 
344 2341 
32o6 Clark Ave 
533 7163 

BOB MCGINNIS REALTORS 
525o Fredericksburg Rd 
349 1121 

MARTINEZ R IA IT o R S ~ 
6539 Bandera 
684 o753 

MONTE VISTA REALTY 
148 E Huisache 
735 o485 

MORTON SOUTHWEST REALTY 
41612 Perrin Bedel 
655 6848 

NAYLOR REALTY 
“The G a lle ry o O f H o m e s ” 
9962 Wurzboch 
6911121 
5439 Wolze Rd 
656-552o 

STRAUDER NELSON REALTY 
Olmos of McCullough 
828 5671 

NORTH LOOP, INC., REALTORS 
748 B Rittimon Rd 
828-5636 

DEANIE OWENS CO. REALTORS 
Austin Hwy. Oft 
824 2391 

DEANIE OWENS CO., REALTORS 
Bandera Rd. OU. 
684 433o 

DEANIE OWENS CO., REALTORS 
Blanco Rd. Oft 
349 4343 

DEANIE OWENS CO., REALTORS 
Jefferson Ofc. 
736-4426 

DEANIE OWENS CO., REALTORS lockhill Selma Ofc 
349 3535 

DEANIE OWENS CO. REALTORS 
North Central Ofc. 
349-5111 

DEANIE OWENS CO., REALTORS 
N I loop Ofc 
828-6391 

DEANIE OWENS CO., REALTORS 
N. West Ofc. 
344 62o7 

DEANIE OWENS CO., REALTORS 
Perrin Bedel Ofc 
656 3ooo 

DEANIE OWENS CO., REALTORS 
Security Service Ofc. 
673 2271 

DEANIE OWENS CO., REALTORS 
SF OFFICE 
532 5245 

DEANIE OWENS CO., REALTORS 
5 W. Office 
675 285o 

DEANIE OWENS CO., REALTORS 
So Central Oft 
> 
924 7311 

POGUE & POGUE, INC. 
751o Broodwcy 
822 1154 

THELMA 8. PRUSSMAN 
25o4 Nacogdoches 
826 2347, 

PROFESSIONAL REALTY 
9ooo Wurzboch Suite 2o2 
696 533o 

REQUA REALTY CO. 
51o8 Broadway 
824-45o7 

KEY GRoUP-DALE RILEY 
354 Yoight 
194 3541 

RED CARPET 
21o1 lockhill Selma 
342 3111 

RED CARPET 
81o7 Roughrider "Wadena 
653-6364 

RED CARPET, REALTORS 

1727 Babcock oi Callaghan 
341 4484 

RED CARPET 
2515 Nacogdoches Rd Suite A 
828-8195 

DIXIE ROSE, REALTOR 
5629 Broadway 
824 7334, Anytime 

SAN ANTONIO REAL ESTATE 
3231 Wei) A** 
349-6521 

SANDISON REALTY 
3521 Oak Cote 
699 92o1 

SEITZ S ASSOCIATES, REALTORS 
"See Seitz for Homesites" 
824 2385 

COY J. SIMMONS 
123 I. Wright Blvd 
Universal City 
1658-6231 

SNECKNER & ASSOCIATES 
7224 Blanco 
342 5214 

TERRILL REALTY 
5748 Wurzboch 
684-6444 

In San Antonio, the Fiesta City M a y ta City M a y 8 to 14 
H 
H 
B 
B i 

THC I AHD en i eve/Intent fee of bene/ 

REALTOR' 

CALL A 
KEY GROUP REALTOR 
Sterling B u rk e ..................... 8 2 4 -o 3 $ I 
Pete Cantu (N o r t h )............. 7 3 6 -4 2 9 6 
Pete Cantu (S o u th )............. 5 3 2 -7 5 o o 
Clara Belle C attie r............... 3 4 4 -o 2 2 5 
Virginia C e rv e n k a ............... 6 5 5 -5 1 3 1 
G a se -B ak e r.......................... 6 9 o -8 9 9 o 
Hodsdon & A sso c ia te s 
6 7 4 -3 5 5 2 
Don Johnson (N orthw est) . . 3 4 4 -3 o 7 8 
Don Johnson (Loop 4 1 o) . . 
8 2 8-8 2 41 
Don Johnson (North Control) . . 
4 9 4 -7 7 1 I 
Don Johnson (N o rth e a st). . 
6 5 6 -3 4 4 1 
Bob Jones (N o rth )............... 3 4 4-2 3 41 
Bob Jones (S o u th )............... 5 3 3 -7 1 6 3 
Randolph R e a lt y ................. 658-53o1 
Dale R ile y ............................4 9 4-3541 
Sue W e e m s & A ssociates 
8 2 6 -o 6 o 6 
Your Key to the City of 
San Antonio 
— 

F b i 

^ 1 DON JOHNSON CO. 
MOtTMWBT .........1444o71 \ 
HOS TH CENTRAL... 4944711 
IOOP 4 1 o ............. *78-42*! 
MOMMAS! 
4544441 I 

EXCITING! 
4 3W-2, home rn exclusive wee 
Enormous open kvtng concept, with two story family room Se cond den upstoirv lavish use of hie 
Wet bot, lighted chino cabinet, must see 596,9oo 344 
3o78, odes 492 2545. 

$2,442 EQUITY 
Move into this 4 bedroom, 2 bath home immediately for just $213 month. Convenient to locklond and Kelly. $25,5oo. 344 3o78, niles 341-2366 

HANOHANO HIUS lovely 3-2-2. single living area wdh cathedral ceilings See this one soon! Only $31,8oo 656- 
3441, nites 655 o616. 

REGENCY PLACE 

Sharp custom built 4 bedroom, 2 both home lovely large bock yord, wolk to elementory ond high school $55,9oo. 828 8241. nites 655 75o6 

HAS APPRAISAL 
This shorp 3 bedroom home features o lorge family room wdh fireplace On a fenced double lot near RIGSBY ANO THE LOOP. An excellent value at $18,ooo 828 
8241, nites. 494 78o5 

GOING FISHING?? 
Neor two tokes, 22 63 ocres roll­ ing hills, ond in coastal bermuda. 
Owner will carry with low down 
553,2oo. 656 3M1, nites 655- 
o616 

WATER FRONTAGE 
Almost new stone 3 bedrooms, 3 baths, lorge fireplace ond screen­ ed porch, separate party room, wooded deck, new boot docks, ond more. Minutes from Son An­ tonio. 494-7711, nites 655 7383. 

NORTHERN HULS 

Exceptional buy, lovely 3-2-2, single hiring oteo, corpet throughout, beautiful yord with covered potto 
Much more. 
$39,5oo. 656 3441 
Niles 656 
8178 

3VS ACRES lorge home, guest house fton- toge on Bandera Rd. You get business property ot residential peke. Ideal for Vet Clinic or ploy school. S94 5oo. 494 7711, ndes 
494 2116. 

■IMMU 
SUI WEEMS 
^ 
ASSOC., REALTORS 
^ 
8 2 6 -o 6 o 6 

BEST RUT 
IN Mot ARTHUR TERRACE ate occupancy 
Spacious 
T h yeoc old 
Spanish with courtyard 3 b*drco«s, 2 baths, separate dining room, large form ty room plus o game room, fireplace ond mony ether amenities 
Wolk to schools 
$49,9oo 
826 o6o6 
826-3365 
TYROl HIUS 
Se the first to see this 5 bedroom, executive style foimfy home with room to entertain th# whole com pony Heeled pool with whirlpool, huge DHonis tile potio end spookier system. Priced right1 
Under $1oo,ooo 
826-o6o6 
826-6272 
. TMI 
Brick colonial en o comer lot with bock circulet drive, 
4 lorge bedrooms, den with fir orpeting, plus o lovely pool for summer fun. Cambridge school. 
Under $1oo,ooo 
826-o6o6 
824-6683 
ALAMO HEIGHTS 
This is one of the ‘hard to find' kind. 3 bedrooms, 2 beths, family 

RANDOLPH REALTY 
UNIVERSAL CITY 
658-53o1 j j g 

72o7 GUN (1o55 
3 bedrooms, control air and heat. 
Neot as a pin! Only $154 month. 
Price 521,5oo. Open today I o 4. 
SOMETHING EXTRA!! 
Impressive 
3 bedroom home, separate dining room, den with firepke, wet bor, covered potio. 
Mony extras. Under $4o,ooo. 

GOOD 8UY IN UVE OAK 
3-I T, landscaped, newly painted inside and out. Priced to sell in low 2o s. 
OPEN TERMS! 
3 bedroom, 
IV: both, range, refrigerator, immediate oc­ cupancy. 
Payments 
5133 

HODSDON & A S S o ? * 
REALTORS 
674-3552 

DALE RILEY 
REAL ESTATE 
4 9 4 - 3 5 4 1 

VALLEY HI 

7146 Grand Volley. You will love the large living ond family rooms of this 3 bedroom, 2 both beauty 
Buy no down VA or assume LOW interest note. 

AMERICANA 

6o1$ Stoney Creek. There is not much more an owner con do to improve a home, loaded with extra features, 3 bedroom, I bath, garage. Se# the inside today1 
Very LOW equity. 
No qualifications. 

262 - HORSES OPEfc 
2o2 HOUSES OPOI 

OPEN SU N D A Y 
T H O U SA N D O A K S 
16418 LEDGE PA RK 
2:oo to 5:3o p.m. 
(horming ond spotless! Don't miss this BETTER THAN NEW 3 bedroom, 2 bath home in prestige orea. luxury features include many builtin*, over­ sized covered patio, double paned energy-saving windows, gourmet kit­ chen and electric door opener. Only $58,9oo. 494 7651 ANYTIME. 
O A K M E A D O W S 
14115 G R A Y W IN G 
2:oo to 5:oo p.m. 
SUMMER EUN! You will en|oy entertaining beside the lovely pool and polio. 
3 bedrooms, 2 baths and many extras. Built-in shelves accent the fireplace 

 iii living room areo which is elegantly separated from formal dining room by wooden arches. Sitting room in master bedroom offers comfortable privacy. $59,9oo 342-3211 ANYTIME 
HILL COUNTRY VILLAGE 
31 3 HILL COUNTRY LANE 
2:oo to 5:oo p.m. 
ACREAGE with City Convenience! Enjoy the serenity of the Hill Country with a view from every window. 4 bedrooms, 2 lorge berths, 2 fireplaces, lorge single living area. Stay home and enjoy your own pool ond both house. 
Special financing available. 494-7651 ANYTIME. 
C O LO N IES NORTH 
3 3 o 7 CASTLEDALE 
2:oo to 5:3o p.m. 
TRULY A "FIND" — lf you re seriously interested in a handsome 2-story, 
4-bedroom home that ho* if all and is priced right don! depend on flowenr ie to impress you. COME SEE, rather than be sold, youTI SUY! od 
494 7651 
NYTIME 

W O O D LAK E 
6818 LAKE GLEN DRIVE 
2:oo to 6:oo p.m. 
SEE IT - YOU Will BUY IT! Versatile floor plan permits one or two living oreos, formol dining, large master suite ond both separate from other J bedrooms Many extras Alarm system, self cleaning oven, covered, carpet­ ed polio Picture book yard with growing garden and IB pool. Immediate occupancy. Just reduced to $44,4oo 494 /651 ANYTIME 
DELLVIEW 
4 1 4 CHERRY RIDGE 
2:3o to 5:3o p.m. 
Over 19oo sq ft. of comfort (per city lax records). 3 bedrooms, 2 boths, huge den, separate living and dining rooms. On the bus line. Come by ond inspect ii today! Coll 494-7651 for derails ANYTIME. 
SA N PEDRO HILLS 
2211 SH A D O W CLIFF 
2:oo to 5:oo p.m. 
(W eather perm itting) 
The home of your dieoms! formal living and dining area ond dramatic but comfortable family room with vaulted ceiling fireplace ond balcony. 
Mosier bedroom down with sitting ated Many extras including custom drapes. A special home tor special people! Swim ond tennis club in aria. 
824 o121 ANYTIME. 
SA N PEDRO HILLS 
14331 RIDG EBO RO 
OPEN 3:3o-6:3o 
REDUCED to S47.ooo. Charming, spacious, oil brick home. 3 bedroom, 2 

 both home, formal ond informal living and dining areas, fireplace in panel­ ed family room. Decorator touches ond carpet throughout. NE schools. 494- 
7651 

 f t o s o w 
& k 
£ m n 
REALTORS - SO YEARS OF TRUST 
S s 

 tim 

ONE LEFT 
LAST CHANCE TO BUY 
O a k s N orthw est G arden H om es 

2o2 HOUSES OPEN 

3 bedroom with dow nstairs master. Spacious fireplaced living room. 
Pool table-sized gam eroom , electric garage, 2 patios, pool, club lou se and party room. 
Out Fredericksburg off Denore 
O PEN I TO 5 D AILY 
CALL 699-92o1 
SANDISO N REALTY 

Looking for a new h o m e? 

TODAY’S YOU*- L U 
C K Y D 
A Y . 
. 
. 

High Country Estates 
656-4471 
S41,1 SO to $53,4oo 
Nacogdoches of Judson 
Meadow W ood North 
494-6163 
$34,ooo to $41,45o 
Jones-Moltsbgr of Thous. Oaks 
The Great Northwest 
684-1123 
$38,5oo to $55,1oo 
FM 471 at Culebro 

• VA, FHA, Conventional •Fireplaces •Double 
Garages 
• North East or Northside Schools, 

Coates Development Co. 

Courtesy to Brokers 

1o1o m PASE 

$25,5oo 
*96-1412 

O P E N 2-5 

FORTUNA ASSOCIATES 

TMI A C TIO N N U M B tS ro e TAST in s u l t s 
P IA O Y O U * W A N T AO 
IN THI (X W tlS S -N IW S 
C A U 2 2 5 -1 6 6 6 

 r o e THC CASTCST R I SU ITS 
O N A W A N T AO 
THI N U M t l l TO C A U 
IS 2 2 5 -1 6 6 6 
IX P t E S S A N D N f W S 

OPEN 2-5 
CHARTER OAKS 
81o6 
VANCE 
JACKSON 

ND42 
4-2-2 lovely custom drapes, fire­ place, 22oo sq ft. 
Century 21 
W Mteheed-HeHday 
*84-171T 
REA LTO RS 

OPEN HOUSE 
2 :3o — 5:3o weather p erm itting 

 it NORTHEAST ★ 
13655 COIEBRIDGE... 
3 195-1................ $23,5oo 

4816 CASA MANANA... 
3-1-1...................$24,ooo 

SO 18 VIUAGE CREST... 
3-1-CP..................$19,5oo it SOUTHW EST it 
8611 FAILING TIMBER... 
3-1-1..............$22,ooo 

8oB MCGINNIS 
REALTORS 
* 349-6211 

OPEN SUN. 2 TO 6 
VALENCIA 
127o2 EL SONTEO 

4 bedroom dollhouse, on large corner lot, beautifully landscaped, water softener, drapes, refrigerator all remain, low 4o's. 

VALENCIA 
13oo6 EL SENDERO 

Custom built 4 bedroom home on earner lot, almost 2,ooo sq. ft. large family room with fireplace. In the 4o s. 
VALENCIA 
48oo LOS REYES 

4 large bedrooms, family room with fireplace, plus large game room, 
2861 sq. ti. 
English Tudor priced in the 
6o's. 
LAUREL HILLS 
4o27 GLENROCK 

4 bedroom stone home, perfect for entertaining. 
3ox15 family room with fireplace. Just reduced to low 

7os. 
RIDGEVIEW 
126 W A XW ooD 

This 3 bedroom, 2 both home has o lovely family with fireplace. One of the nicest homes in the area. 

SA N PEDRO HILLS 
2o31 SHADOW CLIFF 

Beautiful open living con be yours in this 3 bedroom home. 
Priced in 4o‘s is the best buy in the cree. 

CHURCHILL ESTATES 
14514 MAJESTIC PRINCE 

Super contemporary 
4 bedroom, 2ox3o family ream. 
Large redwood deck, priced in the 6o's. 

ROLLING RIDGE 
56o2 PEACOCK RIDGE 

Beautiful corner lot, 
4 bedroom, large family room, walk lo pool and schools, mid 

4o s. 
349-5111 
349-3535 

DEANIE 
OWENS CO. tlAlTQt$_*»i$ 
IL Control Oft 

THI ACTION N U M B S! 
SOU TAST Bi sue TS 
P IA C I TOUB W A N T AO 
IN TH* (X p e ts s N IW S 
C A U 2 2 5 -1 6 6 6 

VIRGINIA CERVENKA 
REALTOR 
655-5131 

NEWLY LISTED— CAMEIOT 
Near 
Windsor 
Park 
Mail, 
4 

 bedroom, 2V? both, den, formal living and dining. 
Sprinkler system. $41,ooo. 

NEWLY LISTED— FOSTER RO. 
4 Bedroom, on I ocre of land, mony fruit and shade trees ond room for large garden. 

" K 
IN WINDCREST 
Perfectly beautiful, large 
4 bedroom, T h both, den, island kitchen, central vacuum. 

W 
GASt-BAKER 
REALTOR 
69o -89 9o 

OWNER 5AYSI 
Sell this weekend. 3 bedroom, 2 bath with large den fully carpeted, NEISO. Poy $6,ooo equi­ ty and assume $173 monthly. 

HEY! look me over 3 bedrooms, 2 baths, comet lot, oil appliances and drapes, carpeted ond IEE 
School 
District. 
Only 
$5,9oo 

 equity 

 r e a l t o r 

WOODLAWN HULS 

OPEN HOUSE 2-6 SUN 
Older home, 
3-2-2, recently decorated on 
Vt acre. large pecan trees. 
Convenient lo 
Medical Center, UTSA and Shop ping Center, 494 3541 

PARK IANE ESTATES 
New Sub Division with view ond trees In Comal Co. with low taxes. 
Only o few minutes from NE Son 
Antonio, located near Garden ndge on Bot 
Cove Rd 
S.A. telephones and builders welcome. 
494-3541 

 room plus on enclosed talousied fr-epi separate dining, kitchen with boy place. porch, living room with tirepk i with window, central heat and on. Mid 
SOs 
826-o6o6 
822-1646 

BOB JONES, REALTOR^ 
NOtTHSIOf............. 344 2341 
SOUTHSIDE............. 533-7163 h . 
^ 

HORSESHOE RXY— EAM LBJ 
Beautiful building site on golf course, owner wonted offer. Coft today 
IOU FRY 
915-388 4o24 

15 BEAUTIFUL Hill 
COUNTRY ACRES 
Only 24 north of 16o4 on hwy 
28! north 
Many trees, paved rood frontage Ideal building site, reasonable restrictions Terms or­ ion gemen* 
JOE CULLINAN 
344-4529 

WORKSHOP-GARDEN SPOT 
Tx acre, 2 bedroom house, double carport, pecon and fruit trees 
513,95o 
ROBERTA WHITE 

533-7163, 533 8763 

MOTHER NATURE 
OUT DID HERSELF with this I ocre plus Easy access to downtown from 281 north and only minutes from Canyon lake, located in Ook Village North and ready to build an 
SHERRIE LEGNON 
533-7163,333-6328 

PETE CANTU 
REALTOR 
736 4296 532 /SOO 

^ S T E R L IN G BURRIE^ 
REALTORS 
824-6351 

VERY SPEGAL LIVING 
And lavish entertaining. 
Modernistic motif for ultimate privacy. Patio homes designed for oil seasons. Panoramic view at no extra cost to you. 3 to choose from! 

CASTIE HULS 
Don t bother unless you want lots of room! It s bigger than it looks. 
Already has everything for versatile kvmg. Not inexpensive! 

REALTOR 

DOWNTOWN DUPLEX 

Only 
$18,ooo, big lot, good business potential. Owner finan­ ced, very good investment. Coll 
735 3971 

NEAR WINDSOR PARK— RAFB lovely 
4 bedroom, 
2 bath residence. Buy owners equity. No qualifying. See anytime, (all 349- 
5792 

BRING THE HOT DOGS 
Enjoy the summer in the coolness of your own pool Quiet North side areo See it ond you'd buy it. 
Coll 735-1948 

 r r , e3B 
CLARA BELLE CATHER 
REALTOR 
M 
^ 
344-o225 

ALAMO HGTS. 
H 

What everyone wonts! Very near 2 A B 

 bedroom, huge living loom, sep- H j 

 orate dining room, spacious kitchen. ■ ■ 

Central heat ond an. Only $4o,5oo- m b 

122-9285. 
® 

2-STORY DUPLEX 
J ? 

Jefferson orea • could easily be con- 

 verted to large single family home. B i 

Just reduced to $34,5oo. 824 6828. 
■ 

2o2 HOUSES OPEN 
2o2 HOUSES OPEN 

* STOP * LOOK * COMPARE * 
* ALL BRICK HOME it 
*16,95o 
,‘oW 
3 Bedroom — I Vt Baths 
W o also build larger houses. 

2o2 HOUSES OPEN ii. ii»iii. i..— 
. nm. 
2o2 HOUSES OPEN 

Model Hom e— IO U Gordina 
(Off 2ODO Block W est Ave.) 
Paneled kitchen and family room combination. 
We A lso Do R em odeling A Fireplaces 
349-1491 
341-o o 16 
591 7 San Pedro 
Specie* r Hiders, Inc. 

TERRELL HILLS 
' 
O P E N H O U SE 
36o Elizabeth Rd. • Sunday I -6 

Elegant and luxury keynote this charm ing home in a park like setting, giant trees grace more than I acre, "location -tops; condition- 

 im m aculate'' 

■ 4 Bedroom s ■ 3 Baths ■ 3 Fireplaces ■ 
Large Room s B H igh ceilings S i Custom drapes 
■ M a n y built-ins ■ Room to roam and ample space for swimming pool ond tennis court ■ 

Sw eeping circular drive, 
Sh o w n e x clu siv e ly by 

 i i N j r f u n s o u t h w e s t 

' s i 

 r e a l t t i 

6 5 5 -6 8 4 8 
8 2 6 -7 6 6 8 A 

NEW EXCLUSIVE AREAS 
* W H ISPER IN G O A K S • C O U N T RYSID E 

 p r e s t , a 
W s C R EIK 

• RoSmg Mis ond oak trees f ta North East ac Northside School District 
• Recreation ace® 
• Hornet 55o,ooo ro S’2o.ooo 

Patio, Garden end Estate Hemes. Or custom braid, and cheese decor 

HERITAGE PABK 
Brood hollow and Maimer Rd. New 
I and 4 bedroom quality homes ottered bv V illage Builders. 
Priced right with quality thruout. 
Sales person en duty. M9-4276, 
494-7159. 
| 
JIM VIA. REALTOR 
OPEN 2-S 
12o22 LA CMARCA a DORADO 
See this home with the Hallmark of gracious (Ivins, only 3 years old. Assume 77$ existing loan. 
Your Hostess Inez Morttv 
HAUTMAN REALTORS f f i -r w ________ 

MONTE VISTA 
225 Rf. SRAMMERCY 
C h a rm in g J bedroom , 2 bath. rock home. Modern kitchen, family room. Detached office- Central air-heof. $*9,ooo. 128-5471. 
Strauder Nelson Realty 
OPEN SONDAY 2-* 
Bachelor god with *1oo monthly income. Turn south off 1*o 4 at 
Babcock and bo mile south of 
Hautman. Fellow Open House signs to property. 
241-2222 
Anyhme. 
Century 21 

P i ACE TO U # W A N T AO 
IN THI (X P a tS *. N fW S 
C A U H S - 1666 

OPEN 1o AM TIL DARK 
HOLLYWOOD PARK 
2 CUSTOM HOMES* 
BUILT §Y 
MELTON GEORGE ENT- 
RON EUBANK BUILDER 

137 
RIDGETRAIL 
- 
3 bedroom, 2 bath, living and dining roam, and lotge den with cornet fireplace. 

JOI 
5HADEY TRAIL 
- 
4 bedroom, 2 both, I tefEff liv­ ing urea, formal dining room 

Both homes feature plush quality carpet, cedar shake roofs, microwave ovens, 'h ocre lots, low tow taxes 

Tok* Son Pedro North to 
16o4, West to Troikrest en­ trance, follow open house signs 

COMPASS REALTY ( 
494-16o1 494-3o12 

REGENCY PLACE 

1o426 FOX HOLLOW 
2-6 P.M. 

Sp caon* «U Nut 4 pint Ita l) 
» M v , I N u t M a ** w ilt a w ) titre * I*. 
<N4m« 4ox2o k-«**V pawl gap ml* 
•VIN*. Only {Zt.SOO 

ENCHANTED FOREST 
11611 SANDMAN 
2-6 P.M. for Hie m teffo rt en d tefo! fem* bf kviftf, se* Hie 3 trees til Hits b e f* hem e tarte d m a or•sftyc ere* cwt veiner t ie fedIt 
MerfMwI lAiiti. 
Tins tame it tHered et $74 8Qo> 

NAYLOR REALTY 
GALLERY OF HOMES 
691-1121 656-552o 341-9191 

OPEN SUNDAY 2— S 
442 SPRIM6WooD 
(waathar permitting) 
This (argo Jbodroom, 2 both homo it neor school* and moll. Nice ft rapine# in don. Pretty trees, new point. 828-5471. 
Strauder Nelson Realty 

IS 2 2 5 . 1 6 6 6 

( X P S i S S A N O N I W S 

OPEN SUNDAY 2-5 P M 
W OODLAKE 
6 6 o o Lake CHH 
Beautifully maintained home on cut de soc 
3 bedrooms. 2 boths, with family room, 
Irving‘dining combo with boy window, breakfast nook, utility room, covered patio, and fenced. Na city taxes. Upper 
3o s. See it tadoyl Host: (kidge 
Barton 655-o7o7, 824-68o8 

P a g e J O C 

 i?4 \mmm% 

S an A n to n io E X P R E S S N E W S — S u n d a y A p ril I 71 I 9 7 7 

124 UMI NOTICES 
124 IKA! Hmm 
124 LEGAL NOTICES 

 a i n e w a w n H ir e s a i n m b k t : m g s 
' ?oi o u i istati notices 
?oi n m E S T n n m m cis 
?m n m estate motices tai b a i rc m t t a r o s 

B e x a r C o u n ty , T e x a s 

C O N D E N S E D R E P O R T O F F I N A N C I A L C O N D I T I O N 
F e b ru a ry 28, 1 9 7 7 
In accordance with Article 1666a V .A .C S ., the following financial information is published for the citizens of Bexar County, Texas 
O L IV E R L E W IS , JR., C .P .A . 
COUNTY AUDITOR 

B e x a r C o u n ty , T e x a s 
COMBINED BALANCE SHEET— ALL FUNDS 
F e b ru a ry 2 8 , 1 9 7 7 
L IA B IL IT IE S R E S E R V E S 

A N D F U N D B A L A N C E S 

Vouchers Payable 
$ 
766,525 

Due to Other Funds 
16o,149 

Due to Other Governmental Units 
312,28o 

Employee Payroll Deductions for Savings Bonds 
548 

Bid Deposits 
9,624 

Contract Retainage 
89,954 

Accrued Liabilities 
246,693 

Serial Bonds Payable 
22,462,ooo 

Reserve for Uncollected Taxes 
4,384,429 

Reserve for Incumbrances 
1,526,167 

Investment in General Fixed Assets 
26,546,825 

Fund Balances 
31,42o,866 

A S S E T S 

Cash 
$ 34,o47,773 

Taxes Receivable— Current 
(Reserved 1oo%) 
2,o22,147 

Taxes receivable— Delinquent 
(Reserved 1oo%) 
» 2,362,282 

Accounts Receivable 
1o,329 

Due from Other Funds 
16o,149 

Due from Other Governmental Units 
3o5,9o3 

Inventory 
8,652 

General Fixed Assets 
26,546,825 

Amount Available for Retirement of 
Serial Bonds 
4,362,972 

Amount to be Provided for Retirement of Serial Bonds 
18,o99,o28 

TOTAL ASSETS 
$ 87,926,o6o 

TOTAL LIABILITIES, 
RESERVES AND FUND BALANCES 
$ 87,926,o6o 

Fund 

B e x a r C o u n ty , T e x a s 

A N A L Y S I S O F C H A N G E S IN F U N D B A L A N C E S 
For th e F iv e M o n t h s E n d e d F e b ru a ry 2 8 , 1 9 7 7 
Balances, October I, 1976 
Revenue and Transfers 
$21,885,1o2 
Expenditures, Encumbrances and Transfers 
14,o44,213 

Excess of Revenue and Transfers Over 
Expenditures, Encumbrances end Transfers 

Trust & Agency Fund Balance 

Fund Balances, February 28, 1977 

B e x a r C o u n ty , T e x a s 

S T A T E M E N T O F R E V E N U E a n d T R A N S F E R S 
E s tim a t e d C o m p a r e d W it h A c tu a l For th e F iv e M o n t h s 
E n d e d F e b ru a ry 2 8 , 1 9 7 7 
' 

ESTIMATED FOR THE YEAR 
ESTIMATED 

ACTUAL 
OVER 

PERCENT 
AMOUNT 
TO DATE 
ACTUAL 

Ad Valorem Taxes 
48.63% 
$ 14,655,1oo 
13,732,155 
922,945 licenses and Permits 
2.81 
846,ooo 
555,963 
29o,o37 
Intergovernmental Revenue 
19.51 
5,879,67o 
3,552,oo9 
2,327,661 
Court Costs and Fines 
7.13 
2,15o,ooo 
9o4,899 
1,245,1o1 
Fees ond Commissions 
12.57 
3,788,ooo 
1,874,7o3 
1,913,297 
Interest 
5.o2 
1,513,ooo 
92o,625 
592,375 
Rentals 
.26 
8o,ooo 
18,o7o 
61,93o 
Other 
1.92 
579,ooo 
259,277 
319,723 

TOTAL REVENUE 
97.85 
29,49o,77o 
21,817,7o1 
7,673,o69 
Transfers from Other Funds 
215 
647,775 
67,4o1 
58o,374 

TOTAL REVENUE AND TRANSFERS 
1oo.oo% 
$ 3o,138,545 
21,885,1o2 
8,253,443 

B e x a r C o u n ty , T e x a s 

S T A T E M E N T O F A P P R O P R I A T I O N S C O M P A R E D W I T H 

E X P E N D I T U R E S , E N C U M B R A N C E S a n d T R A N S F E R S 
For th e F ive M o n t h s E n d e d F e b ru a ry 2 8 , 1 9 7 7 

APPROPRIATIONS 

FOR THE 

YEAR 

EXPENDITURES, 
ENCUMBRANCES 

AND TRANSFERS 

TO DATE 

UNENCUMBERED 

BALANCE 

Administrative 
$ 
6,868,23o 
2,323,838 
4,544,392 
Judicial 
5,356,178 
2,o89,461 
3,266,717 

Public Safety 
9,135,5o3 
4,374,12o 
4,761,383 
Education and Recreation 
1,226.146 
5o3,111 
723,o35 
Highways and Right-of-Way 
15,o62,632 
1,678,714 
13,383,918 
Health and Public Welfare 
2,1o1,o71 
1,o14,584 
1,o86,487 
Other Capita! Outlays 
2,577,488 
172,681 
2,4o4,8o7 

Debt Service 
3,217,o85 
919,948 
2,297,137 

Employee Benefits 
2,762,687 
9oo,355 
1,862,332 

TOTAL APPROPRIATIONS, EXPENDITURES 
AND ENCUMBRANCES 
48,3o7,o2o 
13,976,812 
34,33o,2o8 
Transfers to Other Funds 
647,775 
67,4o1 
58o,374 

TOTAL APPROPRIATIONS, EXPENDITURES, 
ENCUMBRANCES AND TRANSFERS 
$ 48,954,795 
14,o44,213 
34,91o,582 

2o2 HOUSES OPEN 
2o2 HOUSES OPEN 

 f 

OPEN SUN. 2 to 5 

615 FABULOUS 

 lovely 4 bedroom home, located in ENCHANTED FOREST on o corner lot. Stop by and see oil the special 
Features Priced at SS4,9oo. 

59o7 FOREST RIM 

 located in FOREST OAKS on a quiet en! de-soc. Its spotless with separate living room, family room, and dining room. Priced at 
STS, 9oo. 

3215 OLD BLUE RIDGE 

Spectacular home in OAK (REEK • off Vance Jackson. This luxury home, must see to be ap­ preciated Stop by today. Priced at $98,5oo 

64o6 LONGHOUSE CT. 

Single living area with formal dining room in this lovely 3 bedroom home in 
SENECA 
ESTATES Priced at $5o,25o 

684-433o 
344-62o7 

DEANIE 
OWENS CO. 

REALTORS— MIS 

Bandera Rd. Ofc. 

OPEN SUN 3 TO 6 

8o3 AFTERGO 
Lu xu ry two story brick and cedar home in E N C H A N T E D F O R E S T 
(5 bedroom s), Reduced $1,ooo tor fast sate. Lovely fireplace for the w inter. And fun sw im m ing pool for the sum m er. What m ore could you wont? 
Come buy today! 

828 6391 A n ytim e 
Oeanie Owens Co 
R ealtors-N E Loop ofc 

1o5o7 PINEDALE 
In THE SUMMIT, off Tiogo. 2 story, 
4-2-2 
Trodifionol, with huge covered patio and lovely yord! 
Living and dining combination, family room with open kitchen 
Over 24oo sq ft, for $54,9oo. 
35o2 KINGBOROUGH 
Off Powhattan in HIDDEN (REEK of Colonies North Exceptional 4 
2 2! living and dining, paneled den with fireplace, trellis patio, 
M 
EXTRAS! 
Immediate occupancy 
9S6I.9oo 
6114 FOREST VIEW 
In FOREST OAKS, off Evers Rd 
Rock and cedar with over 19oo $q ft., 3 bedrooms, 2 boths. formal and informal living, 
RUMPUS 
ROOM' Only $38,9oo. 
7711 CALLAGHAN 
MOCKINGBIRD 
POND 
CON 
DOMINIUM. Follow signs to 8o6! 
2 story 3 bedroom, 2 bath, with carport and storage. Decorator living with fireploce, separate I dining. LEISURE LIVING! $43,5oo. 
69o-98o2 m G R E A T 
/ lf A M E R I C A 
' ut ACTORS 

2o2-HOUSES OPEN 
2o2-HOUSES OPEN 

O PEN SUN. 2 TO 5 
453o MAYBROOK 
WOODS 
W O O D S OF S H A V A N O 
From the professionally landscaped 
Oak covered corner lot to the spacious and open inferrer of this 4 bedroom, 
2' ? bath home. You’ll find many features you've been wanting. Come see for your self. Priced to sell today at 
$$9,7oo. 

L U V 
REALTORS 

SOUR SYSTEM 
T R AILW OOD-IH IO NW 
LE O N SPR IN G S E X IT 
O P E N THIS W E E K E N D 

CU STO M 
HCN Company 
O M H O M E BUILI 
698-2445 
D ER S 

$ 21,161,68o 

7,84o,889 

29,oo2,569 
2,418,297 

$ 31,42o,866 

O P E N S U N 2 TO 6 

7535 Al. New Braunfels 
I Alam o Hats. Schools. 3 bedrooms, j 2 baths and quarters on an acre. 
I The size and q u a lity of an older 

I home refurbished in modern j decor. 

828-6391 A n y tim e 
Beanie Owens Co 
R ealtors-N E Loop ofc 

OPEN HOUSE 
SAT. ard SUN. 
12-6 P.M . 

N e w Superb Homes 
University Oaks 
Model Home 
48o2 BUCKNELL 

K 
M 
, M 
H 
I 

O P E N S U N 2 TO 5 

211 SMOKE RIDGE 
One of a k in d in p r e s tig io u s 
Northern H ills. O ver 33oo so. tt. w alk to r e c r e a tio n a l and clu b facilities. Too m any extras to list. 
I Come see us today! 
656-3ooo A n y tim e 
Beanie Bwens Co 
R E A L T O R S -P e rrin Beitel Ofc 

O P E N S U N 2 TO 5 

414 E. HILDEBRAND 
H is to ric a l A rea , fan ta stic 4 b e­ droom , 2 'j bath w ith con verted o a ra g e to p la yro o m . S e clu d e d back yard with lovely old trees. 
R em odeled kitch en with m ic ro ­ wave oven. 
CO M E 
S E E 
IT 
• T O D A Y !!! 
656-3ooo A n ytim e 
Beanie Owens Co 
R E A LT O R S P e rrin Beitel Ofc 

O P E N SU N 2 TO 5 
3627 GREENSPRING 
G orgeou s co n tem p orary hom e, huge living area with firplace and wet bar. A m aster bath, you m ust ' see to believe! One block from tennis court and pool, 
656-3ooo A n ytim e 
Beanie Owens Co 
R E A L T O R S -P e rrin Beitel Ofc 

HONEY HILL 
GARDEN HOMES 

 by Saunders A Treischm onn 
3 bedroom low maintenance home 
6412 HONEY HILL 
Immediate occupancy 
19o8 sq. ft. $5o,ooo. Holmes High School. 

Toke N W Loop 41o to Evers Rd. exit and follow the signs to 
Honey Hill Gorden Homes 
684-9oo9 

O P E N S U N 2 TO 5 

5o19 MERLIN 
IN C A M E L O T I 
3 bedroom s, 2 baths, double fin ­ ish e d g a ra g e w ith a u to m a tic opener, refrigerator, com pactor, d ish w a sh e r, g a rb a g e d is p o s a l and drapes and sp rin kler system in the mid 
3o's. 
Com e see today! 11 
656-3ooo A n y tim e 
Beanie Bwens Co 
R E A L T O R S -P e rrin Beitel Ofc 

O P E N 2 T O 5 

5238 La Posits 
IN V A L E N C I A 
D e co ra to rs d e ig h t, la rg e 4 be­ droom, with separate living, din­ ing room an d p a n e le d fa m ily room. Large covered Saltillo tiled patio 
Low 
4o's. 
C O M E 
S E E 
T O D A Y !!) 
656-3ooo A n ytim e 
Beanie Bwens Co 
R E A L T O R S -P e rrin Bedel Ofc 

O P E N 2 T O 5 

14126 SMOKEY WAY 
IN N O R T H E R N H I L L S 
Som ething’s a lw ays in bloom in the c o u rty a rd e n try . See th is super corner tot, 3 bedroom , 2 bath home with a fireplace. Easy to assum e 7' x% loan. In the low 
4o s. 
656-3ooo A n y tim e 
Beanie Bwens Co 
R E A L T O R S -P e rrin Beitel Ofc 

OPEN 3-5 

3 2 1 W. ELSMERE 
S p e c ta c u la r S p a n is h s t u c c o . i 
W alled co u rtya rd w ith fountain. 
French doors oft livin g room with fireplace to fron t patio. 4-2 plus qts. 826-5893 

CAROLYN GRAHAM 
R E A L T O R 
826-8673 Anytim e 

9oo TUXEDO 
T M I-O P E N 2 -5 
Brick colonial on a corner lot with b rick c irc u la r drive. 4 targe be­ d ro o m s , den w ith f ir e p la c e , separate dining room , new c a r ­ p e tin g , p lu s a lo v e ly pool fo r sum m er fun. Cam bridge School. 
Under $1oo,ooo 
826-o6o6 
R E A L T O R S 
824-6683 
SU E W E E M S & ASSOC. 
KEY GROUP 

83o7 WATCHTOWER 
O ff B a n d e ra in B ra u n S ta tio n 
East. Open 3-6 w eath er p e rm it­ ting. 4 bedroom b rick home with a ll the m a rv e lo u s fe a tu re s e x ­ p e cte d in a m a rv e lo u s hom e. 
$58,9oo 344-8348 
G r a c e A r n o l d 
R E A L T O R S M LS 
W INDW OOD 
9567 V ictoria i Open 2:3o-5:3o. S p a cio u s 4 be- 
: dro o m ra n ch s ty le hom e w ith 
I fireplace on over 2 acres. Lovely j garden, fru it trees, $72,5oo. 
R E A L T O R 
691-13oo 
Century 21 

2o4-PROPERTY OUT OF TOWN 

4 A C R E S -N O DOW N, $31.99 mo 
Lake L B J, ca!! 34! 2ooJ. 

BUILDER MUST SELL 
In N ew B ra u n fe ls , N ew b r ic k 
3-211-2, 2ooo sq .ft., F ire p la c e . 
$43,9oo Terms. I 625 OSO? 
E n e rg y s a v in g h o m e in N .B ., solar hot w ater, elite n e ig h b o r­ hood. A il e x tra s , low u tilitie s , 
$52,9oo By builder, 1-625-o5o2 

CAU 275 1666 

FO B TMF FASTEST B FS U tT S 
O N A W A N T A D 
THI N U M 8 F B TO C A U 
IS 2 2 S - 1 6 6 6 f X PBT SS A N O N E W S 

 j In K e r r v ille , 2 s to ry , 2 y r old 
Spanish style home. Q uality built, i 4-2' i, attached greenhouse, lorge 
; lot, $165,ooo. C a ll 512-896-2646 atter 4pm. 
L U X U R IO U S M ob ile Hom e and lot. G reen V a lle y E states, New 
Braunfels, Tx, M U , turn option al, la n d sca p e d , c a rp o rt, patio. 
B e au tifu l n a tiv e ro ck s k irtin g . 
Clubhouse-pool privled g es. M ust see! (1)625-8945 

PLACE T O U R W A N T AO 
IN THE EX PR ESS N E W S 
C A U 2 1 5 - 1 6 6 6 

T E R R E L L H ILLS 
1ooo IV Y L A N E 
S U N D A Y 2:3o- 5:3o 
•FR ESH AS S P R IN G ’ 3 2-2, newly rede co ra te d in and out. L a rg e knotty pine paneled fam ily room with fireplace and more! 
Century 21 
D E L A N E Y R E A L T Y 653-o55o 
TH E H ILLS 
4738 G U A D A L A JA R A 
I TO 5 P.M. 
Lovely 3 bedroom , I Va bath, all appliances rem ain. 
M ust see. 
494-5221 
REB CARPET 

1 3 5 1 5 L A R K B R O O K 
WOODSTONE 

3 bedrooms, 2 full baths, beautiful grey brick. 

Energy saving package. 
Front $27,95o-$31,95o 

John Gilliam 656-5474 

6411 LONGHOUSE COURT 

You will like the neighborhood accessibility, and convenient shopping for your grow ing fam ily in this home! 6 bedrooms, 3 baths, form al living and dining, den with raised fireplace are a few of the m any extras yo u ’ll get for only $69,5oo. 
By owner. Call 684-746o Eves. 

Cathedral Ceilings 
Olympia — 8414 Delphian 

This traditional style home is form al and elegant on quiet cul-de-sac with roses and m any trees. 4 bedroom s with 2 full baths. 
Privacy fence and 2 car autom atic garage. 
$52,185. No Agents Please. For appointm ent, 
658-258o 

Place Your Home of Distinction — 
Call 225 - 1666 

PRESTIGIOUS PROPERTIES 
$9o,ooo AND UP 

OAK HILLS 

Spacious 5 bedrooms, VA baths, oil brick home, locat­ ed on over an acre, wooded lot. Large living and din­ ing room and huge fomily room with fireplace. Ex­ cellent home for entertaining. SI 16,9oo. 344-3o78, nites 492-9917. 

COUNTRYSIDE SAN PEDRO 

Exciting 4 bedroom, 3'/? bath home in exclusive area. 
Beautiful open living area with two story family room. 
Dramatic balcony and study over family room. Lighted china cabinet, wet bar, lots of tile. 596,9oo. 344-3o78, nites 492-2545. 

WHISPERING OAKS 

One of a kind custom built 3 bedrom, 3 bath con­ temporary home on oak studded lot. Bright, large kitchen, cedar and mirrored walls, master suite with sitting room. Private study. Game room opens to heat­ ed pool. 597,5oo. 344-3o78, nites 492-1349. 

OAK HILLS 

Beautiful custom built all brick 4 bedroom, 3 bath home plus maids’ quarters on corner lot in prestige area. Lorge covered patio, 25x15 family room. Extra lorge all electric kitchen. 598,5oo. 344-3o78, nites 
341-1962. 

HILL COUNTRY VILLAGE 

Country living close to the Malls. Beautiful rambling 3 bedroom, 2 bath rock home located on S '/2 acre lot loaded with oak trees. Two fireplaces, a true country kitchen, 19x18 game room and office. 51o5,ooo. 344- 
3o78, nites 344-22o5. 

BULVERDE ESTATES 

Older 3 bedroom, 2 bath stone home on over 15 acres. 
Massive stone fireplace, I acre lake, 3 outer buildings, 
3 stables. Has great potential, ideal for creative buyer. 
5125,ooo. 494-7711, nites 655-7383. 

HILL COUNTRY VILLAGE 

5 acres of oak trees, fenced and cross fenced with stables, 5 stalls, horse wash room, feed and tuck room, grooms quarters. Lovely home, 3 bedrooms, double fireplace, extra large front and bock patio. 
Built for entertaining. 
Professionally landscaped grounds. 5135,ooo. 494-7711, nites 494-2116. 

HILL COUNTRY VILLAGE 

Over 4 ocres beautiful - oak trees, 4 bedrooms, fireplace, 3 stalls in stable with feed and tack room, dog kennels. S125,ooo. 494-7711, nites 494-2116. 

SHAVANO PARK 

Beautiful 5 bedroom, 4 both home on over '/j acre lot. 
Outstanding kitchen with top of the line appliances, custom drapes, 21x19 game room, “ I" shaped swim­ ming pool, outdoor entertainment area with bor-b-q and wet bar. 5159,ooo. 494-7711, nites 824-9354. 

REALTORS 

2o6-TOWNHOUSES 

HO USE TH AT JA C K B U IL T for a new generation, bach elor or ba­ chelorette a vino in SA with IOO p lu s e x tra s . G r e a t d e s ig n in d ra p e s, ca rp e t, m ir r o r s , p a n ­ eling, p riva cy and s e c u rity for living young and free. Offered at 
$64, SOO. 
696-1412 

 fORTUNA ASSOCIATES 

UVE IT UP! 
On week ends Instead of mowing and w eed in g C a ll to see th is selection of townhomes located on 
B ro o k h o llo w O r., in R o llin g 
Ridge, or close to Lackland. New or equity 
349-1436 A n y tim e 
BASSE-WEILBACHER 
INC, R E A L T O R S 

2o6 -TOWNHOUSES 

S E N E C A E S T A T E S 

J bedroom, JVi both, luxury 2 story T ow nhouse, 2 ca r fin ­ ish e d g a ra g e . 
$4o,SOO. 
684-o711, 684-8311, 344-4397 

TO W N H O M E 
I Prestigious M arym ont area. 2 be- i drooms, VA baths, balcony, patio, 
I fireplace. Low 4o’s. 653-94o8 after 
S. 
_________________ 

3-2, lo w e q u ity , a ir , c a r p e t, corner. $222 mo. Q uick move in 
J & J R E A L T Y 674-8883 Anytim e 

Townhome, R ollin g Riage V illage 
3-2, large livin g area, cath edral ceilings, balcony, sundeck, fenced patio, pool, club house. Assum e low interest loon or ref. 484-3359 

VISIT A L S A C E -L O R R A IN E 
Right here in T e rre ll H ills. Sm all com plex of tall roots, chim neys, b a lc o n ie s , E u r o p e a n g a rd e n , pool. Delightful 2-3 bedrooms. 
M AC R E A L E S T A T E 828-2521 

MARY MONT AREA 
Sutton P la ce T ow nhouse, d ra s ­ tically reduced to sell at $42,5oo. 
R efrigerator and drapes rem ain. 
Excellent location and lovely su r­ roundings. Nites 732-3113. 
349-4343 or 349-3535 Anytim e 
Beanie Owens Co 
R E A L T O R S B lonco Rd. Ofc 
M A R Y M O N T V A C A N C Y 
2 b e d ro o m , 2 b a th , e le g a n t, spacious in p restigious area oft 
Barrington on W exford Secluded 
M any extras. O w ner anxiou s to s e ll. C E. J o h n s o n , B r o k e r . 
824-8o19 or 824-1275 anytim e 

W O O D BR ID G E T O W N H O M ES 
In-town Loc. Super Am enities 
31o2 Eisenhauer 
826-63o1 

2o8 APARTMENTS DUPLEXES 

18 and 48 U N IT S 
Both located in the popular N E area w ith good Incom e and oc­ cupancy. I has separate electric meters. “ M O N E Y M A K E R S ” Call now! 
Snntex Co .R ealtors 653 o46o 

M IL L IO N D O L L A R V IE W . E x ­ c lu s iv e built by Jeb P ry . 3 be­ drooms 2 boths, electric kitchen 
Lu xu ry and space. N O T A C O N ­ 
D O M IN IU M ! 58o,ooo 
696-1412 

FORTUNA ASSOCIATES 
RO CK TO W N H O U SE 
O r condo- w ill tra d e e q u ity in beautiful treed tot in W hispering 
H ills or 2 free and cle a r lots close to Selma Call R ay Teal or Ruby 
Zipp. 341-2222 Anytim e. 
Century 21 
R A Y T E A L , R E A C T O R S 

B A C H E L O R S 
Are you tired of paving rent and need an investm ent to shelter that hard earned incom e? This older u n it has 2 b e d ro o m s , c e n tra l heat-air ond m ore. N ear T rinity 
535,ooo. Evenings, 655-3675 
Century 21 
D E L A N E Y R E A L T Y 653-o55o 
D U P L E X A N D C O T T A G E 
Large Income, Owner Financed 
533-1oo9 Respondek RHy 656-5667 
D U P L E X 
$17,5oo 
2 b e d ro o m s e a ch $24o m o in ­ come. Separate meters. Mast be shown by appointm ent because of illness 
5o9 G IL L E S P IE 
F R A N C E S L E V E N S O N 
225-2398 
A N Y T IM E 
732-4951 

2o2 -HOUSES OPEN 

OPEN SUN 2 TO 6 

43o1 MUIRHEID 

IN THE VILLAGE IN OAK HILLS, 

 beautiful 3 bedroom, 2 both com 

 pfetely draped home, large fomily 

 room with fireploce, wet bor, 

 clubhouse ond 2 community pools. 

$79,5oo. 

43o7 MUIRHEID 

IN THE VILLAGE IN OAKHIUS Ex 

 ceptionol 3 bedroom, 2 bath home 

 with corner fireploce in fomily 

 room. Wet bor, trosh compactor 

 limited maintenance. 
Two com 

 triunity pools. $78,5oo. 

3o15 WHISPER FERN 

IN 
WHISPERING 
OAKS, almost 

 new 4-3'/j-7, single living area 

 home. Fireplace, wet bar, office 

 garage. Just reduced to 576,5oo. 

1o9 BIKEWAY 

IN 
SHAVANO 
PARK, beautiful 

 custom built brick home on heavily 

 wooded lot. 3-2-2, massive open liv 

 ing area with fireplace ond wet bar 

584,65o. 

49o7 ROCKHURST 

IN UNIVERSITY OAKS, on a quiet 

 cul-de-sac, yet close to Medical Cen 

 ter, UTSA, USAA. lovely 3-2-2 with 

 fantastic country kitchen. 539,9oo. 

2o7 E. WOODLAKE 

See this lovely well built home in 

I prestigious OAK HILLS, A 3 bedroom 

[home with many splendid features 

[$57,9oo. 

13o22 
COUNTRY TRAIL 

(W eather Perm itting) 

| IN COUNTRYSIDE SAN PEDRO, 

[living areas with terrific style and 

 openest. Custom design for family 

 living and entertaining. Huge kit 

 then, walk in bar, V A luxury baths, 

| Come see the rest! $96,9oo. 

35oo PIPERS PATH 

Exceptionally nice. 4-?-2, one year 

 old, large fenced yard on quiet cut 

 de-soc. Custom drapes. 539,ooo. 

6528 SPRING MANOR 

3-2-2, carpeted, two story, utility 

 saver. Townhouse. Sparkling clean 

Easy terms. $29,5oo. 

64o2 
HANDSOME LAKE 

3-2-2 with court yard on corner lot 

Walk in closets, 2 living areas, 

 fireplace. 
Immediate occupancy, 

545,ooo. 

5634 CASTLE KNIGHT 

Sparkling 3-2-2 with fireploce and 

 custom drapes. 
Professionally 

 landscaped yard and covered patio 

Walking distance to all schools and 

Windsor Park. Mall. Extras Galore!! 

$42,9oo. 

344-3o78 828-8241 
494-7711656-3441 

2o6 TOWNHOUSES 

CHARTER OAKS 
JUST LISTED luxurious corner two story con­ dominium, with 3 bedrooms, built in electric kitchen. Over 17oo sq. ft. In the 4o s. Better Hurry! 
BLOSSOM PARK 

U N D E R $ 4 o , o o o 
Two story brick and wood townhouse. 
Over 
16oo sq. ft. 
Family room with fireploce. Just listed ond won t lost. 
JJ28-6391 Anytime 

® 
BEANIE 
OWENS CO. 
REALTORS— MIS 
N.E. lo o p Ofc. 

 c 
REAL ESTATE 
J C 1* ) 

2o8 APARTMENTS DUPLEXES 

INQUIRIES INVITED 
ON 
INCOME 
PROPERTIES 
2o-24 Units i c e Y 
• Various 

_ 
* locations 
GROUP* Flexible 

| | J f 
Terms 

STERLING BURKE 

REALTORS 

824-6251. 

77o1 B roa dw a y 

H o r n e t 

N o r t h w e s t 
212 

H o m « i 

N o r l t s g g i l 
21o 

F. C O M M E R C E 

H o m e s 

S o u t h w e s t 
216 

H o m e s 

S o u t h e a s t 
214 

21o HOUSES NORTHEAST 
21o - HOUSES NORTHEAST 

A ll BRICK-DELUXE 

3 FAM. APT. BLDG. 

3 BR OWNER APT. 

TWO-2 BR APTS. 

F I N A N C I N G 

A V A I L A B L E 
4 9 2 -2 4 2 8 

4.23 Acre Private Estate 

Improved with 32oo sq. ft. custom residence with 3 furnished guest cottages. Zoned Com ­ mercial. Beautiful com m anding view with 34o ft. 
IH 35 North 
Frontage. $195,ooo. No Down 
Paym ent. Interest only. 3o yr. terms. Monthly paym ent of $1381.25 gives you im m ediate possession. 

828-o443 

E X C E L L E N T IN C O M E 
$236 a month on this w ell-cared tor SE Ouplex, corn e r lot. Only 
416,9oo. Owner W ill Finance. Call 
Jim 
532-3252 
N IT E S 337-4823 
Century 21 
W A K E F IE L D R E A L T O R S 
E X C E L L E N T LO CATIO N 
5-units, near T rin ity . A nn ual in ­ come $72oo. 539,oo. 655-7713 
T A N G LEW O O D R E A L T Y 

CAMELOT I lu x u ry 3 bedroom , 2 V i bath tow nhom e in quiet area. 
Fully carpeted, excellen t con­ dition thruout. 
Double garage. 
KIRBY 
The price on this attractive 3 bedroom , I Va bath hom e has just been reduced $2,ooo. It can be financed on a VA, FHA or Conventional loan. Central air-heat, com pletely e qu ip­ ped kitchen and fenced yard w ith trees. 

FOR DETAILS AND VIEWING 

CALL 653-o57o ANYTIME 
WORLD WIDE REALTY 

F o r S a le B v O w n e r. R e n ta l property. Duplex. P a rtly turn. Va down, owner w ill c a rry note at 6% interest. Ne real estate. 923-1914 
2 M asonry 4-Plexes, Olm os Park, 
2 Jefferson. W ill consider trading e q u ity I o r m o re to r b e a u tifu l suburban acreage north. Owner. 
824-47oo. 

A K E A L S T E A L in M a c A rth u r 
T e rra c e . 4-2>/j-2, 2 -sto rv. 22oo sq.ft. living. $49,9oo. 656-1234 
BED GABPET 

ON KAYTON 
Home plus incom e. On corner lot 
I bedroom each side plus 4 room cottage on Piedm o n t. C a ll now 
824-4521, nites 674-o744 
Turner Realty 

8 unit apartm ent. 22o P IC K N E Y . 
Owner w ill trade. 
684-4211 P IO N E E R R E A L T Y 

ASSUME 
Low equity in Cam elot ll, M onthly paym ents of $286. P o p u lar M on ­ terrey Plan with open llving-din- ing plus fireplace. Larg e country kitchen, covered patio oft form al dining area. Self cleaning oven, assum e 7*4% V A loan. 
658-3535 A n y tim e 
Beanie Owens Co 
R E A L T O R S Randolph Otc 

BARCLAY SQUARE 
You say you lik e trees! T h is is 
Your House! 36 Oak trees spread over Va an acre with 4 bedroom , 2 bath home to boot! Only $53,5oo 
341-4491 
N iles 342-7557, 342-339o 
G E O R G E FLO O D , R E A L T O R S 
B A R G A IN A T $15,75o. 2 bedroom , 
I b a th , oak flo o rs , n o rth e a s t schools. 826-6388, 655 7355. 

REAVIS REALTY CO 
B A R G A IN H U N T IN G ? $375 is all it takes to get into this 3 bedroom hom e w ith a ir, a p p lia n c e s and carpet. Don’t pass it up! 696-o974 
Fortuna Associates, 696-141? 
5 bedroom, 2 bath, 24oo tt., fenced, carpet, draoes, garage, covered patio, fireplace, sp rin kle r system , cu l-d e -sa c. M a n y e x tra s 8419 
Capricorn, O lym pia 658-2519. 
3 bedroom, I bath, double closed in garag e, b e a u tifu l y a rd w ith trees. 23o6 Edison. House shown by appt. only. $21,5oo. 532-3396 or 
533-1o67 

3 M ro o m off El Sendera 
B eau tifu l con dition , den, liv in g room , attached g a rag e, b uilt-in stove and d ish w a sh e r, c e n tra l a ir heat- Low $2o’ s. BO B B R E N ­ 
N E R 
R E A L T O R S 
344-3471, 
*56-4528 

BEGINNER'S DELIGHT 
Just reduced to $23,5oo. Out R it­ tm a n Rd., 3-1 Va-1 on cui-de sac. 
Low m onthly paym ents of $165, 
7% interest. Stoves stays. 

Van Buren 8 Assoc 
684-7171 
654-64o8 
699-oo66 

21o HOUSES NORTHEAST 

OPEN HOUSE 3 TO 5 
1o4o3 SUNFLOWER 
(O ff lO C K H IU -S U M A ) 

FIRST OFFERING - luxurious residence nestled on a beautifully landscaped lot. 
Magnificent garden room with slate floor and high cathedral ceiling, wet bar. 
Living room with fireplace, separate dining room, both with parquet floors. 
Moster suite with sitting room. 
3-2 plus qtrs. 
2o2 CANTERBURY HILL 

TERRELL H lllS -A H SCHOOLS — 
Elegant 
2-story brick for distinguished living. Enhanced by high ceilings, handsome millwork. 
4-3, qtrs., 
3-car qaroae. liv in g room with fireploce, forma! separate dining, landscaped yord. 9 hole putting green. 
221 BURR ROAD 

TERRELL HILLS-AH SCHOOLS ~ 
Overlooking golf course. This stately 2 story brick built by 
Dogy has 3 or 4 bedrooms, 2 Va boths, living room with FP opens to sitting room. Formol dining ond morning rooms, qtrs. Cen­ tro! heat-air, sprinkler system. 
2135 OAK CREEK 
SAN PEDRO HILLS 

(OAK HOLLOW ESTATES - OFF 
BROOKHOLLOW) 
Handsome and spacious 3-2-2, white brick. 
27x17 living room is enhanced by cathedral ceilings, wood- burning fireploce. 
Moster bedroom with dressing room. 
Sunny gourmet kitchen with dbl. oven. Immediate posses­ sion. $52,95o. 

JONIS-K1NG 
826-2439 

A D JA C E N T TO W IN DSOR P A R K 
- 4 bedroom, beautiful home only 
S3oo move in, F irs t paym ent June. 
No credit? No problem ! 922-2173, 
674-75o9, 673-4714 
P A T M C V E Y R E A L E S T A T E 
A L A M O H E I G H T S S C H O O L S - 
L a rp e fa m ily h o m e in T e r re ll 
Heights. 3 bedroom s, big fam ily room, all carpet, walk to elem en­ tary. Under 53o,ooo. 656-1234 
BED CARPET 

ALAMO HEIGHTS 
W alk to Cam bridge. 2 bedroom. I bath, den, garage, fenced yard. 
13oo s a .ft., c a rp e t, h a rd w o o d flo o rs , la rg e m o d e rn k itch e n . 
537,5oo. 
826-3132 oft 
4pm weekdays. 
_________ 

International Designer Pattern 

72855 

Spodeo Boutique 

ALAMO HGTS 
F I R S T O F F E R I N G 
M e d ite rra n e a n c h a rm in th is beautiful large 3 bedroom home w ith g a rd e n ro o m . M id 5o's. 
824-2416, 828-3925 
H A R O Y & C O INC 
R E A L T O R S 

PL A C I T O U R W A N T AO 
IN TMI C E PR E S S N I SY5 
C A U 2 2 5 - 1 6 6 6 

MONTE VISTA 
A ttra c tiv e d u p lex n ear T rin ity 
U niv. 2 bedroom , I bath, liv in g room , d in in g room , each u n it. ; 
Separate meters. 137,5oo. 
M O N T E V ISTA R E A L T Y 
73S-o48JR EALTO R S-M LS822-oo75 I 

ALAMO HGTS. SCHOOLS 
3 bedrooms, 2 baths, and quarters on an acre. The size and quality of on o ld e r hom e re fu rb is h e d in modern decor. 

828-6391 A n y tim e 
Beanie Owens Co 
Realtors-N E Loop ofc 
A L A N D M A R K in A lam o Heights! 
T h is a u th e n tic . S p a n is h s ty le hom e is se t on la n d s c a p e d grounds of I Vt ocres. The 3o' long livin g room has a w oodburning fireplace... the huge dining room is form al and there is a spacious fo m ily room and a lo v e ly, free fo rm p a tio ! 4 e n o rm o u s b e ­ droom s, 2' j baths... plus 2 studio a p a rtm e n ts a n d a 2 b e d ro o m apartm ent! Offered at 
$215,ooo. 
R E A L T O R S 
824-9631 
Guy Chipman Co 

A L L B R IC K 4-2-1, 2 yrs. old, g or­ den kitchen, carpet, fenced. No down to anyone, paym ent $3oo mo. 
R OSSI R E A L T Y _________494-778) 

A LOT OF HOOSE 
F o r the money. Larg e livin g area with fireplace, garden kitchen, 4 bedrooms, 2 baths on corner lot. 
Super home tor a super price. Call today for extras. 
656-3ooo A n y tim e 
Oeanie Owens Co 
R E A L T O R S -P e rrin Beitel Ole 

C A LL 2 2 5 - 1 6 6 6 

T h is Spade a Boutique pattern san be made any number o f w ays. The top ran be short or dress length. The 
.elasticiz e d pants can be made short or long. F a b rics : jv o ile , cham bray, novelty cotton, crin kle gauze. 72855 
J (is cut o nly in M isses S iz e s fi-16. Siz e 12 requires 
3 3 X4 yds. of 45“ fabric for the short top with short 
■ pants and 5 yds. for the knee length dress w ith long 
! punts. To order: send pattern number, siz e , name, ad- 
; dress and zip. P ric e ??.5 o plus 3 (X postage, j 'Sp adea Mini C atalo g w ith . 91 pages of recent sty le s, 
•including over 3o a ll new d esig n s, 82.oo plus" 25C 
♦postage. Make check payable to Spadea. Send orders 

I j Lo this newspaper, e/o Spadea, 2 Bridge S t., Milford, l>i. J . o8848. Dept. 

A L L O W FIVE T O SIX 
W E E K S FOR D E L I V E R S 

 r n 

 r id carpet 

ARISTOCRATIC! 
And gracious older 5 bedroom, 3 bath home on two acres in Shavano Park. Scenic view, quarters, sprinkler system, fireplace, antique staircase and other features make living here a quiet and enjoyable way of life. 
349-1436 

O W N A. . . 
MIKE KINDER ORIGINAL 
IN 

OAK VALLEY - OAK CREEK HW 

INTEREST RATES ARE 
G O IN G UP! 81/2% TO 8 % % ! 

Lumber, labor, etc. g o in g up to! Buy now ! 9 

 m odels open daily! $ 7 9 ,5 o o to $ 1 1 5 ,o o o ! 
Trade your hom e for the do w n paym ent! 5 -4 - 

3 bedroom s, 4 -3 baths. 
9 m odels open daily, spacious, graciou s 

 living, origin al d e sign s, will trade. O u r V an ce 
Jackson, I mile from 4 1 o . 
7Ki6e'KiH<lvi' Sudden 
696-833o 

4119 CREEK RUN 
Beautiful 
Spanish 
M od ern . 
This w eekend only. This hom e 7 V 2% interest, V A . O ffe r e x ­ pires S U N . M idnight. 
O n corner lot. W e st front. Sp a c io u s fireplace between twin sliding doors. 
D eluxe M a g ic 
C h ef kitchen with m icrow ave oven. $ 4 3 ,4 5 o . 
$1.oo TOTAL m ove in VA 
5 % down Conventional 

TWIN CREEK 
681-1111 

OF CENTRAL TEXAS us-Homej s 
J 

MAGNIFICENT CITY ESTATE AVAILABLE 

Approx. I acre of walled privacy enclosing formal gardens with large 

 fountain and heated sw im m ing pool. The garden area has 3 separate e n ­ 

 tertaining pavilions with a wet bar capability. A M editerranean residence 

 has been completely restored ond modernized. The m ain floor has a 

 large tiled front terrace with a caststone balustrade, arch cloister and 

 marble fountain; a formal living room with cost-stone ond gronite 

 fireplace, oak paneled dining room, large solarium with marble fountain. 

A bar with ceiling mural, butler s pantry, totally new kitchen and powder 

 room. In each room unu sually fine attention has been given to 

 elaborate ceiling and crown m oldings, unique plaster and stone castings 

 and m arble accents. Mid level is a child s stateroom styled bedroom, the 

2nd floor has a front balcony plus 3 bedroom s and 2 baths in addition to 

 o m aster bedroom and bath. Elevator serves 1st, and 2nd. floors. Utility 

 room in basement. New zoned central heot and air and central vacuum 

 cleaning system, new electrically ti|ed sprinkler system thruout estate. 3 

 cor garage plus quarters consisting of living room, kitchen, bedroom and 

 bath. Inquiries invited ond will be kept confidential. 
224-6895 ’til 4:3o weekdays 
822-5675 after 4:3o & weekends 

2-Story, 4 lorge bedrooms, 2 bath, covered patio, car­ peted. Convenient to Loop 41o, schools, W indsor Park 
Mall and future Post Office. Large privacy fenced yard with big beautiful trees. 
6 5 4 - 6 5 5 5 

WAYNE FOGUS REALTY 

SHAVANO PARK EXECUTIVE 
1o5 PAINTED POST 
In this elegant Shavano Park home on a wooded acre. 
Outstanding family room features; circular wet tsar, beamed ceiling and massive fireplace. 4 bedrooms, 3'/» baths. B R A N D N E W O N M ARKET with owners saying sell ASAP! $ 1 2 5 ,o o o . 

696-1412 
FORTUNA ASSOCIATES 

COUNTRY ESTATE 

OPEN IO AM-6 PM DAILY TIL SOLD 

5 bedroom, 3 bath, 3 cor garage, deluxe swimming pool, split level, 3 6 o o sq. ft. living space, rock and cedar. 4 tree covered acres. 3 o x 8 o ft. steel building 
Just 15 minutes north in S T A G E C O A C H HILLS. Almost vacant, start moving. 
BILL PRICE REALTY 
698-21o7 
349-26o7 

WINDCREST 
617 CRESTWAY 
OPEN SUNDAY I -6 PM 

Quality construction - custom designed. You must see this spacious 4 bedroom, 3 bath home, before you buy som ething less. 2648 sq. ft. of living area, built by Archie Anderson. Priced at $79,5oo. 
See You SUNDAY. 
DALCO 
REAL ESTATE................... 824-o541 

ABSOLUTELY BEAUTIFUL! 
Owner-broker must sell fabulous 
Northside, 4 bedroom all rock house on 5 tree studded acres. Extras in­ clude out building and horse facilities. 
Better hurry on this one at $76,5oo. 
Brokers protected. 
John Philpott 342-48o8 

17o4 AUTUMN WOODS 
HERITAGE PARK 
OPEN N O O N TIL 6 

Lovely new 3 bedroom home, large master suite, separate from other bedrooms, family style kitchen with microwove oven. 
28 ft. den heavily beamed with cathedral ceiling, come early ond pick your color of carpet and wallpaper. $47,25o. 
Take San Pedro to Brookhollow, first right past Hiemer 
Rd. 
COMPASS REALTY 
494-16o1 
494-1281 

NORTHERN HILLS 

N E A R G O L F C O U R S E , 5 bedroom s in this in­ 

 viting two story hom e. Form al living an d d in ­ 

 ing with parquet floors. Fam ily room with 

 fireplace. 
Bright colorful kitchen and b reakfast area. 
2 o x 18 recreation room 

 upstairs an d wet bar. Privacy fenced back 

 yard. C all for appointm ent. 
9WS2 
658-3535 
Mfm, 
DEANIE OWENS CO. 
M Q I 
REALTORS - MLS 
•JSSslPi 
Randolph Ofc. 

DOWN HOME LIVING ON CUL-DE-SAC 

6131 PECAN TRAIL You ll love the cathedrol ceilings and fireplace, in this spacious TANGLEWOOD HOME. Perfect for entertaining, 4 bedrooms, 2 baths, privacy fence adds the 

 finishing touch. $39,6oo. 

Ray Ellison 
Call 
Homes 
6 9 6 - 8 1 7 o 

OPEN HOUSE SUNDAY 2 TO 6 
HOLLYW OOD PARK 
314 YOSEMITE 
The LUXURY of E N O U G H room! Move fast for your chance to buy this exceptionally large 4 bedroom, 3 bath tri-level. Separate dining and living, den with fireplace and bar, 2 8 x 1 o covered patio, 2 balconies, beautiful kitchen and breakfast room. 
Fabulously versatile floor plan $ 8 9,ooo. 

CUSTOM BUILT 

One of a kind in prestigious Northern Hills, over 

23oo sq. ft. Walk to Recreational and club house 

 facilities. Too m any extras to list - call for 

 details. 
656-3ooo 

DEANIE OW ENS C O . 
REALTORS - MLS 
Perrin Beitel Ofc. 

NEAR BROOKHOLLOW 

3-2-2, on 
I Va-acres of oak trees. 
2,2oo sq. ft. of comfortable living, huge den, fireplace. All brick. Sale price. $5 4,5 oo. 

HALLMARK PROPERTIES 
681-o153 
684-3334 

5 HUGE OAKS 
Surround this stone and cedar 
2 
Story. 3 bedrooms, 2 baths, master bedroom with study and walk-in closet, formal living and dining, den with hardwood floor and fireplace - 
Much more! Situated on 6.1 acres (5 fenced pastureland), with spring fed stream running thru center of pro­ perty. $ 9 o,o oo. Call 658-9828. 

San Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS-~Sunday April 17, 1977 
Page I I -C 

2o1 -R E W , ESTATE WOTICES 
281 - H A L ESTATE N dTinFS 
2fh -R F II R T i n i i n n r t P 
I I H . K U m i n K O T IK O n m m i l c o m r u rrrio rp n m o r a l c e r a te a n m n ro 
7fh 
R FII FSTiTF IlflTIP.FS 
7fh - RFI! FSTITF W lTlflFX 
2o1 - REA! FSTITF KflTICF" 
2o1 
HEAL ESTATE NOTICES 

3515 OLD BLUE RIDGE 

Spectacular ond comfortable describes this 3 bedroom hom e in OAK 

(REEK — Near Medical Center ond USAA. This unique home features 

 gam e room with bor, large master bedroom, covered patio overlooking 

 wooded yard. And much more. Priced at $98,5oo. Open Sunday 2 to 5. 
684-433o 344-62o7 

Deanie Ow ens Co. 
Realtor — MLS 

SPECTACULAR VIEW 
OWNER MUST SELL 

Executive custom brick, distictive French contemporary terraced rock, double lot (no gross), 2 7 o o sq. ft., 4 large bedrooms (private master suite with marble bath), 
3 full baths, formal living and dining rooms, laundry room. Spiral staircase to entertainment loft overlooking 
2ox24 den, 2 upper 3 o ' decks offering 3 6 o ’ city view. 
Mony luxury features including electric garage door, water softner, built in vac, intercom, fireplace, etc. Im mediate occupancy. Babcock and Loop 4 1o orea. 
4142 HIGH SIERRA 
Reduced $12,6oo to $79,9oo (FIRM) 
By app't, Owner, 494-2237 (P.M.) 

OLMOS PARK BEAUTY 

Nestled among mature trees on a large lot, 4 bedrooms 
(or 3 and sitting room), 3 full baths up, large formal din­ ing room. M any windows throughout for cross-vent­ ilation. Central heat and air. Room for pool ond tennis courts. Owner financed at low interest. $1 75,ooo. 

6 9 o -9 2 2 o , 4 9 2 -1 3 5 1 
BILLY FELLOWS 

% 

 fe* r n 
■ < 
* 

ADAM S HILL 
9719 FIVE FORKS 

The price has been drastically reduced on this luxurious 
4 bedroom, 2'/* bath home. Fully equipped kitchen, carpeting thruout, fireplace ond a 2 8 x3 9 heated pool. 
O pen Terms. 

FOR DETAILS AND VIEWING 

CAU 673-5o83 ANYTIME 

WORLD WIDE REALTY 

C£J Ray Ellison can 
Lpij Homes 
696-817o 

O n Two Acres W ooded Land • 2 4 o o sq. ft. Living area 
• Two Separate Central Air Units • See ot 2 2 3 1 o Cielo 
Vista • North on 1H IO to Leon Springs Exit then Under 
IH IO Left on Access Rd. to Cielo Vista. 
X— N Total Price $59,75o 
(JAH 
Swlnney Co . 492-1o72 or 658-o29o 

OLDER, BUT BETTER! 

Over 3 ,o o o sq. ft. of remodeled home in the Monte Vista historical area. 
This beauty features 
9 ft. ceilings, glass-enclosed solarium and much more. 
$95,ooo. 
Evenings, 
65 5-3 675 . 
Century 21 
DeLaney Realty 
653-o55o 

CZJ Ray Ellison 
<■« 
EZJ Homes tvs-auo 

Energy Saving" 
H O M ES bv 
IH E G E N C Y 

This 4 bedroom, 2Vj both, ranch style home, located on 5.25 acres is in 

"Country Club Country ". Wide open living area, dual fireplaces, extro 

 large patio area with built-in bar-b-cue pit. Also, 4 horse stables and 

 tack room. Built with 3 o % "En e rgy-Savin g ' features. 

O P E N S U N D A Y 1-5 
3 4 1 -7 o 5 7 
W. F. LACKEY & ASSOCIATES 

WHAT A BEAUTY! 
5 bedroom split-level custom-built home with option of 5 or 3 3 acres. M an y native trees. Master bedroom is 
2 5 x2 3 with fireplace, dressing orea and balcony. 3 Vi baths, open living areo with second fireplace, large 

 country kitchen with many cabinets ond 2 pantries. Barn, corral, 2 stock tanks, brick barbeque and much more. 
CALL 658-621 I 

CORNER LOT PERFECTION 

62oo SPRINGTIME 

Ideal location for on ideal home loaded with luxury features, including fireplace, cathedral ceilings ond privacy fencing. The paneled den and breakfast tsar are eye catchers, and the exclusive energy package makes this a great find in T A N G L E W O O D with a V A price 
$42,6oo1 

IN SUMMIT OAKS 

CORNER LOT CONVENIENCE! 
117o3 SPRING SHADOW 

 live within walking distance of pools and tennis courts, while the children walk to school doily from this lovely home featuring Spanish archs, at an affordable V A price of $36,8oo. This one has an exclusive energy package to boot in beautiful B A B C O C K NO RTH . 

INCREDIBLY LOVELY- 
THIS MELODY 
OF THE NEW A N D THE OLD 

 synchrom zina its harm onious tones throughout this superbly built hom e with its flexible floor pion. (CONSTRUCTION BEING COMPLETED) Am enities that you 

 hove d o o m e d of ow ning ond includes m ony thot you could not hove im- fifftrtisn Ha coa 

A la m o H ts Sch o o l 

81o7 COUNTRYSIDE 
A BILL A L T E R M A N N C L A S S IC ’ 

St. M a r y ’s H all 
O p e n I -5 D a ily 
I. o f N a c o g d o c h e s Rd. to C o u n try Ln. N e a r 
N o rth w o o d Estates 
$ 2 7 5 ,o o o 
FRANCES LEVENSON, REALTOR 

2 2 5 -2 3 9 8 
A N Y T IM E 
7 3 2 -4 9 5 1 lf y o u are In the m a rk e t to build, w e w o u ld b e d e lig h te d to discuss this w ith you. 

TERRELL HILLS 
O P E N H O U SE 

36o Elizabeth Rd. • Sunday I -6 

Elegant and luxury keynote the charming home in a park like setting, giant trees grace more than I acre. “ Loca­ tion tops, condition immaculate''. ny 
W R S s 
““ ap la SE 
* 
— room and ample space far swimming pool ond tennis court ■ 
Sweeping circular drive. 
Sh o w n e x c lu siv e ly b y 
■liar tail 
Show n exclusively by s o u t h w e s t 
826-7668 r e a l t y 
655-6848 

WINDCREST 
TENNIS, ANYONE? 
Ploy Tennis or Swim in Your Own Backyard 

Thats right— a full-sized professionally built tennis court, plus a 16x35 heated pool. The 4 bedroom, 3'/z bath custom-built home is professionally decorated and loaded with extras. For appointment to see. Call Chic 
Ashby 6 5 5 -o 7 o 7 , 6 5 5 -8 8 2 8 

CHUCKt4SHbY 
RS AUTOR 

QUICK POSSESSION 
OWNER ANXIO US 

To sell this lovely 
3 bed room hom e in 
Churchill H igh Scho ol Dist. S e p arate dining, 

 spacious den, fireplace, lorge la nd sca pe d 

 yard. 3 4 1 -7 2 o 1 , nites 3 4 2 -o 8 2 9 . A sk for 
V IR G IN IA N IE N D O R F F 

 ftSuSN O Y sn!S i 

G A U G E 

 i 
IM W . 

C O W ED 
PATIO 

I 

SEAMED 
FAMILY 

(OOM 

KITCHEN 

MANTEI 
IE oI o o M 

LIVING ROOM 
Ss.., 
V 

\ 
4 a. 

Son Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— 
Sunday April I 7, I 977 
21o HOUSES-WORTHEAST 

} S75o TOTAL MOVE-IN 
* 
CONVENTIONAL 

^ This beautiful, new 3 bedroom, lf* 2 both. 
Spanish style patio home features a large living area with woodburning fireplace 
^ and sloped ceiling 
The delux 
J color coordinated kitchen ii crc* 
W tented by custom cabinetry and 
3f* large boxed windows, This all \ 
^ brick home ii truly an energy jA saver coupling extra insulation 
* with double pane solar grey 
J glass in all windows The fully professionally landscaped and \ fenced yard offers the utmost in 
< beauty, privacy, and con- 
J 
^ vemence. See this carefree patio 4 
J home in 
MEADOW 
OAtCS 4 
J where it is being offered this 
3 
^ weekend for the low price of 
J 
$34,95o. This home can be j moved into today with only a 
* 
^ $75o total conventional move 
T for on exclusive showing. 
3 

21o HOUSES NORTHEAST 
NORTHEAST im iim 
« 
2 
£ 
1 
SAN P E D R O H ILLS- (Oak Hollow 
Estates-Off Brookhoilow) Hand­ some 3-2-2 brick wilh FP. $52,95o. 
JO NES-KING 82o-2439.__________ 
SAN P E D R O H ILLS. Spacious S bedroom. Northeast schools. 242o sq.ft. living area. Assum ption, 
$55,9oo. 494-1433._________ 

! 
LUXURY LIVING J 

\ 
ALAMO HOTS. SCHOOLS i 

\ 
ROYAL OAKS - FIRST OFFERING 
J t — 
Magnificent Contemporary 
, 
I nestled in beautifully landscaped ; i setting. All rooms bove gloss view t 
* of courtyard with heated pool 4 
I 
I 5 bedroom', VA baths, master 
J 
* suite hos sitting room 
o Honis 
J 
J tile and high ceilings thruouf. 
, 

J 
ARCHITECTURAL 
MASTERPIECE 
J 
( 
— Unique stucco with GUEST t 
I 
HOUSE. Enjoy complete privacy on ^ ii on acre setting. 4-3'/} Master 
) t suite opens to sundeck. Glassed t 
* walls open to beautiful courtyard * 
* with htd. pool 
J 

* 
TERRELL HILLS — Sophisticated J 
J living in this 3-3 in choice J 
, location, living room with EP, ^ 
I formal dining, family room opens ^ 
I to garden rn and Orick terrace 
^ 
I 
2ox2o master suite. t 

I 
TERRELL HILLS — One of a kind, t 
1 
This stone home completely i 
1 renovated for luxury living, i 
Dramatic 2-story living room with J massive fireplace. 4 4!/; plus qtrs. J t 
Master suite up with dual dress- f 
I ing rms., sitting rm. t 

COUNTRY LANE — luxurious 
\ 
Contemporary with 4-5 bedrooms t on over an acre. Offers excellence i in design, extensive use of gloss, i large pool with spoce for tennis t court. 4 fireplaces, guest house, * 

 lu s H o m e 

Bv Owner. 3-2-2, single living area, dining room , fireplace, corner lot, disconnected garage with covered breezeway. $43,2oo. 
653 3o44____________________ 

• • • v ' V 
CA’ 
- V ■ A 1 U ’ V ' l * * V X 
U ' U U » 

2 
* 
. # 
* 
.4 . t . # 
. # 
. t . * t . t 
. f 
. t 
# 
• 
; 
Si 
TERRELL HILLS 
IS 
X 
LUXURY HOME =Zi 

 us-H om e 
CAMELOT ll 
Quick possession, priced right. 
Spacious design for large fomily. 
4-2-2 on large corner landscaped fenced lot. S fruit trees, 9 shade trees. Kitchen builtin Double self cleaning oven. FHA, VA, Con­ ventional $41,ooo. Mites 655- 
2394. 
ALMOST I ACRE 
Over 34oo sq. ft. 4 bedrooms, 2 living oreas, in this ranchstyle home. Northeast schools. Many, many built ins. Niles 656-758o. 
FIRST HOME? 
We moke it easy to buy that first home. We have a lovely 3 bedroom, I VS both home in a neighborhood of young homeowners let us show you how to make it your home. 
N ite s 6 5 6 -6 3 3 2 

NAYLOR REALTY 
GALLERY OF HOMES 
656-SStO 
691-1121 
341-9191 

OF CENTRAL TEXAS 

$1 M O VE-IN V A 
I CONVENTIONAL 5 % DOWN 4 t 
No Payment fill MAY 7 7 

We have several 3 
( bedroom plans. 

’ $27,95o-$34,95o 

AU HOMES FEATURE: 

V 
1oo% Brick Construction v * 
[Handcrafted 
Woodburning] 
Fireplace lr*' Energy is" Saving! 
Package \S Carpet ✓ Central, heat air p’* Deluxe Magic Chef all i 
(Electric Kitchen \S I Car Garage1 

5 FURNISHED MODELS 
I 
OPEN 9-9 
W OOD5TONE 
CALL 
JOHN G ILLIAM 4 
656-5474 

OF CENTRAL T E X A S 
I 

WE CAN NOW TAKI 
) 
YOUR HOME IN TRADE | 
$1 M O V E IN V A 
I 

’ 5 % DOWN CONVENTIONAL 
NO PAYMENT Till JUNE 77 

3 a n d 4 bedroom plans I 

$ 3 7 , 5 o o to 
$ 4 4 ,2 5 o . I 
All hom es feature energy I saving package, central I heat-air, carpet and I handcrafted w oodburning I fireplaces, deluxe M a gic I 
C hef all electric kitchen, 
I and i car g arage . 
I 

6 FURNISHED MODELS j 
OPEN DAILY 9-9 
TW IN CREEK 
[ 
6 8 1 - 1 1 1 1 
I 

New on the market! Bv owner. 
3-2-2 all brick, 2 living areas, fire- ploce, patio cover, fence. 656-2352 
Quality construction, lots of big oak trees.and the privacy of a cul de sac POO . Ojftlftroom s, 2 both horn JfvH _£*"-J-P'in family room and covered patio with brick fireplace and bbg grill. 
55o,5oo. 69o-922o 

 rombmes Southwestern charm with casual sophistication tuned to todays living. Professionally landscaped ond terraced grounds, large heated swimming pool Maids quarters. Private parking in back as well os a circular drive entry in front 
Home s interior done by two leading Son Antonio interior deco­ 

 rators 
C A L l FQ R pR|VATE S H O W IN G . 
8 2 8 -6 3 9 1 

BY O W N ER 3-2-2, all brick. NO 
AGENTS. 654-7o34. 
____ 
N O R T H E R N H ILL 
The most absolutely immaculate 
3-2-2, screen covered patio, mid 
3o’s. Open terms. Don't miss this one* R EA LTO R, 494-1951 
DEANIE 
OWENS CO. 
REALTORS-MIS 

Century 21 
C U DDY-G LASCO CK 
Energy saving one living area, walking distance to elementry - middle - and high school. Access to all kinds of shopping without getting un “the super slab." Call today 
653-435o 

JU ST L IS T E D , % block to country club, im maculate 4 be­ drooms, 2 baths, flexible floor- pian. 
Beautifully landscaped yard. 
Marne Horton 344-2341, 653-3936 
BOB JO NES, R E A L T O R S 

REALTORS-W olzem Ofc 
WOODED 
Fng 

NORTHEAST 
SSI 

LOCATIONS 
B S I 

SC HERTZ-521,5oo 
Better than new 3 bedroom home com plete w ith re frig e ra to r, range, d ish w a sh e r, g a rb a ge disposal, turbo-vents, fenced yard and covered patio. $21,5oo. 
T R I-C IT Y R E A L T Y 
____________ 65o-o786________ 

V 
MAGNIFICENT TRUE 
I Georgian Colonial. Designed for 
I present owner by Bartlett Cocke. 
I 25' master 
Bedroom with 
I fireplace, large living room with 
I fireplace, separate dining, brick 
I floored wolnul paneled fomily 
I room, beautiful gardened patio 
I with fountain. 

[ 
TERRELL HILLS HILLTOP 
I Completely restored interior with 
I lovely custom kitchen ond baths. 
I living room 
(slate fireplace), 
I large separate dining and 
I breokfost rooms. 4 bedrooms, 2 
I sitting rooms, high ceilings, dark stained floors, new roof Please roll us for many detoils on this 
"sun filled beauty" 

BEAUTIFUL COLONIAL 
7 story with basement game room, living room 
({implore) separate dining, morning room, breokfost room ond powder room down. All large bedrooms up with dressing room off master suite. 
Sprinklered grounds with pool. 

WALK TO AH SCHOOLS 
Charming oil brick one story, with paneled family room, living-dini­ ng rooms, all electric kitchen, central heat-air, electric garage door ond beautiful pool. SO s. 

NEVER BEFORE ON MARKET 
Built by present owner. Designed by O'Neil, Ford, Prossel building contractor, landscaping by Arthur 
Berger. This is truly a mognificent property on olmost 2 heavily wooded acres In the Alamo Hgts 
School District. 

SUPERB LOCATION 
MOO sq ft. of luxury at o fraction of replacement cost. 
5 large bedrooms (master is 26.7x197 j with huge dressing area), living j room is 29.9x26 9 (fireplace). Din­ ing room is 21.7x17 (brightly shuttered ond interesting cement tile flooring). Fomily room is 4ox- 
17 4 (wet bor ond built-ins.) 
I 

HISTORICAL AREA 4o S 
Remodeling begun so that you I may finish to suit your taste. Old I brick, old doors, high ceilings, I hardwood floors, fireplace with I old mantle, etc. 
I 

TERRELL HlllS-A.H. Schools 
On o beautiful, sprinklered corner I lot with circular drive, Arizona I ledgestone, I story with thick I shake roof, 4 or 5 bedrooms plus I quarters. 3 car concrete floored I garage. 
I 

SPANISH COtONIAl-TMI 
| 

Delightful I story brick, on I beautiful sprinklered grounds, I with mature oaks. Designed by I owner-architect with mony I special handcrafted features for I this home. 
I 

TERREU HlllS-AH SCHOOLS j 
Delightful one story on a corner. I living room with fireplace. I 
Separate* dining room, family I room. (Redondo tile floor), 4 I bedrooms, plus guest house. I 
Gorgeous new kitchen. 824-3233, I 
822-5973, 822-91o3, 826-oo49. 
I 

NOPTH STAR M A LL, Beautiful 4 bedroom, 2 both custom styled home, exquisitely appointed, den with bar and fireplace, huge pantry, 16x29 redwood deck patio. 
A home you will love to live in. 
Call for appt. 
H U G H ES A BR ISC O E 
924-4331 
R E A L T O R S 
333-9358 

OUT-A-SIGHT! 

TERRELL HILLS lovely stone ond cedar home, separate living with fireplace, dining room, beautifully main­ tained. 
Central heat-air, 
3 potios. 826-3738, 826-5893. 
MONTE VISTA 
Spectacular Spanish stucco. Wall­ ed courtyard with fountain, french doors off living room with fireplace to front patio. 4-2 plus qts 826-3349, 824-5279. 
COUNTRY KITCHEN 
Brick home - 2 fireplaces - 3-2V5 
• finished downstairs playroom. 
826-56oo. 828-1962. 
OLM O S PARK 
Well designed Colonial style home in demand location. 2 fireplaces, 3-3. 733-8946, 732- 
1291. 
CAROLYN G R A H A M 
R e a lto r 8 2 6 -8 6 7 3 
A n y tim e 

An immaculate, well maintained J bedroom, 
2 bath home,- pro fessionally converted 2 cor garage with fireplace and Saltillo rile; ap­ pliances ond storage shed. Won t lost long! 

SCH ERTZ large 3-2-1 energy sav­ ing home, gold carpet, fenced yard 526,9oo. 
ROSSI R E A L T Y ________ 494-7781 

SHADES OF KENTUCKY' 
Is just a few blocks from this 3 lorge bedrooms, 2 full bath 2 car garage home, in immaculate con­ dition; All this for $23,5oo? Yes ifs true, so you better hurry call. 
349-5111 or 349-3535 Anytime 
FEALTY WORLD 

| "A W o rld of D iffe ren ce" 
For m em bership information 
349-1663, San Antonio 

[ 
(713) 622-39o1, Regional 

JU ST L IS T E D 
Inside city lim its by a running creek on 26 acres, the beautiful 
14-room Colonial m ansion sits m ajestically on a tree-covered green and grassy hill. There are stables, barns and m any other b u ild in gs. 
A n ou tstand in g investment. Call M aurine Alex­ ander, 341-9191, Nites 824-7579 

JONES-KING 
826-2439 
BOD MCGINNIS 
REALTORS 

. 349 - 6211 

REALTO RS-N. Central Ole 
N O R T H S ta r M a ll area- By 
Owner. W alking dlst. to etem. school- bus. 3 bdrm s, 2 baths, garage, central air- heat. 826-4447 
ADDRESSES OF DISTINCTION 
QUALITY-CLASS 

THE IN LOCATION 
AH Schools, large rooms in this charm filled two story. 5-4-3, quarters. 
Huge fomily room, fireplace, wether. Chef's dream kitchen. This hos everything! 

IN THE GLEN 

Y o u will find this pretty 3 bedroom , 2 bath hom e on quiet cul-de-sac with shade trees and fenced yard. If s well kept ond a value at $ 2 3 ,5 o o . 
NAYLOR REALTY 
GALLERY OF HOMES 

6 9 1 -1 1 2 1 6 5 6 -5 5 2 o 
3 4 1 -9 1 9 1 

OFF G E V E R S. Nice older style 3 bedroom, sepaiate dining, de 
(ached garage. W ill consider offer. 923-4327, 626-1777 
Ronald Williamson 

SO M E LOW P R IC E 
Under $2o,ooo. This 3 bedroom is near a N E Elementary in a fast- grow ing area. W ail a ir condi­ tioner. Already painted and in a great shape. Call us, 822-58o8. 
ED G IL B E R T R E A L T O R S 
R ea lt y w o r l d 
"A W o rld of Difference" 
■ For m em bership information j| 349-1663, Son Antonio 

 j 
(713) 622-39o1, Regional 

S P A C IO U S 
O L D E R 
R O C K 
3-2-2-den, large grounds, newer kitchen, fireplace. Buy today and do new decor your way! 824-45o7 
WOODLAKE 
66oo Lake Cliff 
Beautifully maintained home on cul-de-sac. 3 bedrooms, 2 baths, with family room, living/dining combo with boy window, breakfast nook, utility room, covered patio, and fenced. No city taxes. Upper 
3o's. See it today! Call George 
LeGrand 655-o7o7, 653-o865. 
WINDCREST 
Excellent Value 
S55.54o purchases a 7V5-yeor-old home if you hurry. 18oo sq. ft. Mint condition. Sprinkler system. Water softener ana 2 garage openers. This one should move fast, chick Ashby 
655-o7o7, 655-8828. 

★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ 

J ★ MONTE VISTA ★ * 
* 
4c. 
J* SPECTACULAR downtown view £ 

74 highlights this 5 bedroom, 2 bath, ^ 

 renovated 3ooo sq. ft. home. 

Lorge living room with fireplace, J 

+ separate dining room, cheerful ^ 

X - new kitchen, upstairs deck, newly ^ 

^ stained hardwood floors. $59,9oo. -fc 
W 
^ For appointment. 
* 
7 3 5 -9 9 7 2 
J 

Spanish Contemporary. Conven­ ient to Randolph. Spacious 4-2-2, sunken living room, artist loft. 
2ox3C family room, fireplace, for­ mal dining room , eat-air, ap­ pliances. Assum e $344 per mo. or refinance. Will trade 
BOB DePAO LO 
344-3o91_______________R EA LTO R 
Split level 5 bdrm, 3 balli, 2 story living space, 1ooo sq.ft. brick pa­ tio, central heat-air, Vt blk Cam­ bridge Elem entary, by owner. 
225-4127, 826-2o51._______________ 

O FF NACOGDOCHES. Northeast school district, 4 bedroom , 2 baths, central heat-air, range, refrlg, monthly paym ents $19o, interest 8V«, $24,ooo. C H A R L E S 
WATTS R E A L E S T A T E 732-2918, 
732-5355, 228-91o4, 732-7184. 

Master bedroom 1ox22 all brick 
2-2-1. Oklahoma stone fireplace. 
Spacious 6o ft living room-fomily area. Carpeted. Fenced. Many extras. Owner. Assum ption or 
$25,ooo VA. 673-1592 or 228-o8oo. 
7523 Westfield Dr. 

MOVE IN -N O TH IN G DOWN 

Several northeast homes. 3 bed­ room, I'/? baths, combination liv­ ing-dining rooms, some with fomi­ ly rooms ond fireplaces. Gcrape, fenced, potios, trees, low 2o s. 
Easy terms. Just o PHONE CALL owoy! 

OFF N AC O G D O CH ES RD 
Nice 3 bedroom home in excellent northeast location, MacArthur Hi. 
A good buy at $24,5oo. Assume 
Conventional. 
} 

¥ ¥ ¥ ¥ ¥ ¥ ¥ ¥ » ¥ ¥ * > 

“WINDSOR SQUARE’’ 

I jA. 
Make yours the iucky fami- 
3 . I/ lo ‘all this house home. 3 
- 1 bedrooms, 
2 decorator j 
( baths, all appliances 
! * [ remain. Toke I short hour i J ’ to see a lifetime of 
: * ' pleasant living 
“ELDORADO” j , A house who's gracious j . chorm will strike a 
I „ responsive chord in home 
- hungry hearts. 
3 bed- 
_ rooms, 
2 baths, good 
1 ’ assumption. 
I '. 
Call 822-33o1 
I ► 
HARTMAN REALTORS 

3-2-1, all electric kitchen, carpet­ ed, ce n tral air-h eat, fenced, recently redecorated, covered 
Terrazzo patio, 1oo% brick, Bas- kin Elem. $47,5oo. 733-o275. 
SPOTLESS HOME 
Ideal floor plan for entertainment 
All drapes remain, in this lovely 4 bedroom, 2 bath home. Large master suite, dressing area and m irrored closet doors. L arg e fam ily room with fireplace. 
Priced at 
$5o,ooo. 
Can be refinanced. 
658-3535 A n y t im e 

BOB MCGINNIS 
REALTORS , 

 l 349 - 6211 
* 

A L L E N A V IL L A G E 
Off B lan co , 3 bedroom with studvfor 4th bedroom). Beautiful buy at $25,5oo* Nites 657-o776. 
ELEGANT N.E. BARGAINS! 
2 BR townhome. Prestigious Mary 
Mont area. 
Quiet, luxurious. 
Many extras. Move today! 
3 BR, 2-bath custom-built home on Charro lane, large LR-OR, huge den-kitchen. Trees galore! 
Approx. 2,ooo sq. ft. Beautiful 
NEISD neighborhood. 
Only 
$46,75o. 
C.E. J O H N S O N 
R E A L ESTATE 
8 2 4 -8 o 1 9 or 8 2 4 -1 2 7 5 
(W ill co-op with B rokers) 

Century 21 
FIR ST O F F E R IN G 
Walk to AH Schools. Charming alt brick one story, with paneled family room, iiving-dining rooms, all electric kitchen, centra! heat- air, electric garage door and beautiful swimming pool. Priced in the 5o's tor quick sell. 824-3233, 
822-91o3 

HAP R E S E R 653-6182 Anytime 
A NEW LIST IN G , Just $375o down in John M arshall Meadows. 3-2-2, 
684-4211 P IO N E E R R E A L T Y 
"FIRST OFFERING” 
“TMI” 

Charming 2 story, walk to Alamo 
Hgts Schools. Call for details. 

“TERRELL HILLS” 

Large fomily home consisting of 4 bedrooms, 3 baths, newly painted inside and out. Priced reduced. 

“ALAMO HGTS.” 

 lf you re interested in o "redo'' calf us about this home near 
Cambridge Oval. Priced in the 
3o s. 
Office 822-33o1 

HARTMAN REALTORS 

REALTO RS-Rondolph Ofc 
T E R R E L L H ILLS, beautifully de­ signed and custom built 3 be­ droom, 2'/} bath with den and mu­ sic and sitting room on a beau­ tifully lan d scap ed co rn er lot. 
Over 22oo sq. ft. Coll for appt. 
H U G H ES & B R ISC O E 
924-4331 
R E A L T O R S 
333 9358 

A R E A OF L EO N V A L L E Y 3 be droom , no down, b ring paint brush only. Won'! last! 922-2173, 
673-4714, 674-75o9 
PAT M C V E Y R E A L EST AT E 
A TT EN T IO N IN V E ST O R S!!! 
This duplex is available NOW I bedroom, range, and refrigerator in each unit. Located near San 
Pedro. W ont last! Coll K E L L Y 
R E A L T Y 433-6645_______ 

That what you'll exclaim at this corner lot. 3 bedroom, dual fire­ place. Ready to move into. E-Z assumption. Y o u 'll sing like a lork. $37,95o. 
824-2391 (A n y t im e ) 

 this 3 bedroom 2 bath home is fully carpeted and has a tow equity and the owner is open to all otters. 
349-5111 or 349-3535 Anytime 

BY O W N ER-VILLA G E NOK I H 
4-2-2 on corner lot, separate for­ mal rooms, family room, eat in kitchen, walk to elementary, fresh paint-quick occupancy. 655-9745. 

C onvenient to Ft. Sam , near shopping centers, 2 bedroom, I bath, nice home in quiet neigh­ borhood. M id 3o's. W illiam D. 
Tassos. 
Realtors. 
824-77oo, 
828-2692.____________ 

TRADE IN 
T ru ly excep tion al 4 bedroom home, beautiful Oak Glen Park. 
Outstanding amenities! $82,5oo. 
Please call!! 
341-4491 
Niles 826-4o12, 342-oo67 
G EO R G E FLO OD, R EA LT O R S 

 your old house for a new all brick home. 

EASY TO DO: 

You pick one o f our new homes and we take your old house in trade. N o bother, no double p a y ­ ments. 

Bv owner, Village North, 4-2-2, living-dining room s, den with fireplace, see to appreciate. Call for app t. 656-1826. No agents. 
$39,9oo._________________________ 

R E ALTO RS-Austin Hwy Ofc 
REALTORS-N. Central Ole 
O L M O S P A R K . ..designed by 
Roger Rausbach, this Contem­ porary 2-story home is rich with terrazzo, walnut paneling and custom built-ins! Living, dining ond family room of vast propor­ tions. 4 bedrooms, 3 baths plus quarters, bar and dark room ! 
Immense, covered patio! 
$145,ooo. 
R E A L T O R S 
824-9631 

THE WORLDS GREATEST 
HEAL ESTATE SALESMAN 

FOR FA ST title service with no unnecessary delay let A L A M O 
T IT LE 
CO. handle the Deal. 
227-o231.________________________ 
For sale or rent. 4-2-2. Fox Run. 
Pool, fireplace, 1992 sq.ft. 655-2981 

BY OW NER: Woodlake, 3 2-2, on cul de sac, fenced, covered patio, large den with beamed ceiling, living-d inin g area, b re ak fast area, all ap p liances, som e drapes, low equity, assume $269 mo. 661-7658________________ 

Just listed! Lovely 24oo sq. ft. fam ily home, two sto ry, 4 be­ drooms, fireplace, too m any ex­ tras to mention. In the low 6o s. 
Coll today! 

J E F F E R S O N A R EA - Corner lot, spacious stucco home with formal dining room, fireplace and central air. $3o,ooo. 434-3185 
FOUR LA RG E BED RO O M S, In a 
2-story home...close to Randolph 
AFB! Living-dining combination plus paneled family room. F in ­ ished garage...patio! 
$49,5oo. 
R EA LT O R S 
658-7oo7 

THIS WEEK S SPECIAL 
Assume this next 3 bedroom home for less than S4ooo! All kitchen ap­ pliances stay ond your pyments will only be SI 51 at a low 7 % interest rate. For more details call 828-57o4 
VILLAGE NORTH 
Brick and Cedar 3 bedroom, 2 bath with of double gorge converted to office and store room. Beomed ceilings in den. Quiet neighborhood with lots of trees. $31,5oo. Coll 828- 
57o4.__________________________ 

828-6391 A n y t im e 
B Y O W N E R . 6 year old 5 be­ droom, swimming pool. Close to 
Randolph, shopping and schools. 
8% FHA mortgage. M. Robinson 
659-1928, Evenings 658-6o29. 
Century 21 
D O U G LAS R E A L E ST A T E 

TOM 
H O P K IN S 
C H A M P IO N S 
U N L IM IT E D 

Is accepting applications for one very dynamic person to assist us in the San Antonio area. A back­ ground in Real Estate will be very helpful. Straight commission, but we expect you to earn $3o,ooo an­ n ual. Small investment of 52,oo for equipment is required. Send resum e to: C H A M P IO N S U N ­ 
L IM IT E D , 21oo W E S T L O O P 
SO UTH , S U IT E 21o, Houston, 
Tex. 77o17_______________________ 
THIS IS IT! Beautiful 4 bedroom home with two living and eating oreas and divided bedrooms. A bright and happy home less than 2 years old with custom drapes and so m any e x tra s! N o rth E a st 
Schools and neighborhood swim club. 824-o121 A N Y IT M E 

Reottors-NE Loop ofc 
3 bdrm, 2 bath, air- heat. Equity, toke over pmts 674-5239 
C A M ELO T ll, 4-2-1, 53,25o-Equitv, pmts. $239. 656-o494._________ 
O LM O S P A R K 
E le g a n t 5 be­ droom, 3Vj bath residence, many finer features lake electronic pol­ len tilters, bosket weave circular patio, miniature greenhouse. For confidential discussion, call Betty 
Green. 
IN TERST A TE 828-o755 til 8 pm 
O LY M P IA N C H A R M 
Absolutely super 3-2-2. excellent condition. Big back yard. Mid 
3o's. Open term s. H U R R Y ! 
REALTOR. 494-1951 

Camelot I. Lovely 3 bedroom home, large solanum, water con­ ditioner, draped and carpeted. 
Walk to 3 schools and shopping. 
653-44o7 

SEZ OW NER! 18oo sa It home, 3 bedrooms, 2*/i baths, I large liv­ ing area with cathedral ceilings, low 4o's. 
Mariie Horton 344-2341, 653-3936 
BOB JONES, R E A L T O R S 

Fully carpeted 3-2-2, 1oo% brick on a corner lot, fenced backyard with gas grill, custom drapes, garage door opener, etc. Priced under appraised value. Call tor details. 533-1615, 733-1536. 
' 

G R EA T FOR EN T E R T A IN IN G . 
Popular family plan. 4 bedrooms, 
2 baths, large family room with fireplace. Corner lot. 545,5oo. 
Nites 653-6116 

BY OWNER, 3-2 2, Assume 7>j% 
Cony, tow quity, large corner lot, privacy fence, large den with fireplace. All oppls. 656-3258 
Bv owner, beautiful 3-1-1 home near Regency Elem. N.E.I.S.D. 
Carpeted, drapes, fenced and landscaped, central heat-air. 
$26,5oo. 824-1741 
3 $75o TOTAL MOVE- 
J IN CONVENTIONAL J; 

J A In the Mediterranean mood, this j , njL distinctive new, 2 bedroom patio w ( 
K L florae features all brick con- ^ [ 
[ J section, energy-saving features, ? [ such as extra insulation and dou- ^ ’ 
W rite pane solar grey windows. The ^ ’ 
J large living ana dining area is ac- K ' 
P f tented by sunny boxed windows. H ' 
P r The delux color coordinated kit- > • f!,en "Klud*5 oil appliances. The J • 
O r professionally landscaped yard S ■ 
[» n n d garden courtyard is sur- 
} * founded by privacy fence, setting J . 
JJA the patio home mood of carefree j , 
J A living. This lovely home located in « , 
2 MEADOW OAKS is being offered at « , 
J the remarkable low price of , ( h?8,95o This weekend you con ? ’ 
J move in for only S75o con- J ’ 
J ventionol. tall today for exclusive " ’ 
J showing. 
J * 

3 
6 5 8 - 7 4 6 1 
I 
I t and 
J . 
J 
6 5 8 - 7 4 6 2 
J 
J 
OPEN 9-9 DAILY 
] , 

Century 21 
Clean 4 bedroom, 2'/i bath home situated on a quiet cul-de-sac. 
Fully carpeted, 2 living areas with fireplace in family room. N.E. 
Schools. A vailab le now. F o r viewing, call 654-1844 A N Y T IM E 

TRICO, Realtors 349-6491 
G R E A T LO C A T IO N ! tor this 4 bedroom home, 2 patios, gas grill, built-in bar, fireplace, drapes, TV antenna oil go with this attractive home in NE school district. Don’t m iss seeing this home that has 
TLC. $42,9oo. 342-3211 A N Y T IM E 

This 4 bedroom, 3 bath beauty is in prestigious Colonial Hills. (N E. 
SC H O O LS). Beautifully lands­ caped, sprinkler system, cedar shake roof, 18x36 heated pool and covered patio. $71,9oo. 344-3o78, nites 696-7585 
DON JOHNSON, R E A L T O R S 

BOB RODGERS, REALTORS 
81o7 Broadway 
MEADOW OOD E S T A T E S 
F IR ST O F F E R IN G 
Walk to A H. Schools. 4-2 plus maid's room with bath, fireplace in family room. Truly a bargain for a large family. 
By appt. 
824-4571 
Century 21 
CU DDY-G LASCO CK 
B Y O W N E R - B R O O K W O O D - 
Windsor Park Mall, 3-2-2 plus sit­ ting area 2ooo sq.ft. I yr old. 59ooo and assm payments of 5378. 
655-6497. 

JUST $3o,6oo for this 3 bedroom, 2 both home in o tine area Beau tifully carpeted throughout. Com­ plete electric kitchen. Central heat and air. Covered patio. Being newly decorated Inside and out. 
342-3211 A N Y T IM E 

O L Y P M IA N C H A R M 
Absolutely super 3-2-B, excellent condition. B ig bock yard. Mid 
3o's. Open terms. Hurry* R E A L ­ 
TOR. 494-1951 

C H U RC H ILL HIGH SCHOOL 
4 bedroom, 2 bath, den, fireplace, plush carpet, cathedral ceiling, m icro wave oven, electric kit­ chen, big lot. 349-65o3, 826-69o3 
REALTQRS-5o Years of TRUST 
Century 21 
C U DDY-G LASCO CK 

3-2-2, fireplace, country kitchen, covered potio, carpeted, fenced, large yard, all appls, 144o sq.ft. 
Schools close, closing cost paid. 
$36,9oo. 653-5312, 536-3622_______ 

REALTQRS-5o Yeors of TRU ST 
G R E E N R ID G E N O R T H ...4 be­ droom, 2 bath homes has cathe­ dral ceiling, fireplace in open liv­ ing area! 
Shag carpeting. 
Landscaping* 
$41,5oo. 
R EA LT O R S 
658-7oo7 

4 B E D R O O M , 2 baths, central heat-air, g a ra g e , m onthly payments $2o8, int. 9%, $21,3oo. 
C H A R L E S W A T T S R E A L E S- 
TATE 732-2918, 732 5355._________ 

Vacant • 4 bedroom - I living area 
- fireplace - almost new - corner lot - fenced 
NO RTH EAST SCHO O LS 
Easy assumption - low equity - 8% loan 
69o-936o 
342-4286 
CLIN T W E IL B A C H E R 

...is almost here, don’t wait, see this large 4 bedroom , 2 bath today. 2 central heat-air units. 
14x33 Gary Pool. Room for tennis. 
824-4521, nites 674-o744 

C om fortable 3 bdrm , 2 bath, elegant Northwood Estates. FP, den, beautiful grounds. $58,ooo. 
IN T ER ST A T E 828-o755 til 8 pm 

One of M a ry 
M o n t’s m ost spacious and elegant homes, by appt, only. 52oo,ooo plus. 828-6361. 
REALTQRS-5o Years of TRUST 
JUST LIST ED ! - On a lovely tree shoded street in F a irfie ld . 
Spacious 3 bedroom , 2 sto ry home. Convenient to Ft. Sam - 
Northeast schools. $32,9oo. Call 
342-3211 A N Y T IM E 

2 Bedroom home plus den or 3rd bedroom Paneling, cent heot-air. also I bedroom rent house on same lot. 494-21oo, International, 
Eves 227-2777 

O U TSTANDIN G $49,5oo 
4-2-2, double ovens, auto garage opener, com pletely carpeted, lorge yord, refinance or assume. 
$26,ooo down 6 % % . Paym ents 
$241. By appt 456-6o39; 227 8952. 
OWNER will take 2nd lien on ' 2 of 
$28oo equity in Live Oak 3-2-2. 
Assume 82S8 mo. 337-6613_______ 

3-2-2, den, covered patio, lands­ caped, payments 
$288. 
Low equity. 
B E L M E A O E R E A L T Y 
826-o45o 
655-7146 
655-o415 

MOVE-IN IM M E D IA T E L Y 
No qualifying! Only $295 monthly 
Clean 3-2-2, separate living and family rooms, eat-in appiianced kitchen, low eaulty, Camelot ll 
344-5564 Hart McCormick 344-2993 

B E L L R E A L T O R S 222-9495 Off 
West Ave, huge 2 bedroom corner lot, quiCK possession $25o move- in. $17,975. 

Trees, northeast schools, kitchen built-ins in this charming 3-2-2 oft 
Blanco Rd. 922 Mf. Seroled. Call 
Mr. Gross. 225-5251, 342-5691 for more information._______________ 

C O RN ER LU X U R Y 4-2-2 
No down anyone! Massive brick woodburning fireplace in paneled fomily room, formal dining room wall-to-wall shag carpet, eat in electric kitchen, utility room, and more, $39o monthly. 
344-5564 Hart McCormick 344-2993 
D E L IG H T F U L L Y 
R E M O D E L E D ! 2-story, rock home in Alam o Heights school district, has 3 bedrooms, 3 baths- 
...large living room with fireplace and a separate dining room ! 
Beautiful, new kitchen and baths- 
...central heat and air...large, wood deck! 
Renew ed for today...with all the charm of yesterday! 
$95,ooo. 
R EA LTO R S 
824-9631 

Seller wants otter on 3 bedroom, 2 bath home off Perrin Beitel Rd. 
Close to schools and shopping. 
Good rental area also. 
349-143A A n y tim e 

REALTQRS-5o Years of TRU ST 
B E L L R E A L T O R S 222-9495. 
Charm ing 3-2-2. Fireplace, car­ pet, central heat-air, dishwasher and stove. On cu l-d e-sac for child’s safety and privacy. $34oo 
EQU ITY and assume $299. 

PABK LAKE ESTATES 
Two Story, 4-2-2, den, d ining room, fenced, fruit trees, N E schools. $33,975. 828-2656_________ 
Move in. Neat patio home. 2 be­ droom s, carpeted liv in g . R e ­ frigerator, dishwasher included. 
Now just $21,4oo. John Gray, 
696-533o. 

New sub-division with view and trees in Comal Co. with tow taxes. . 
Only a few minutes from NE San 
Antonio. Located near Garden 
Ridge on Bat Cave Rd. S.A. iele phonesandbuilderswelcome.494-35 

And iust reduced! Lovely neat and clean 3 bedroom , 2 bath home. A 7% VA loan can be as­ sumed at a low $191 mo. payment. tCall today. 
ASA-3ooo A n y tim e 

U N C R A M P 
Tired of stuffy, little room s? This 
Spanish style hom e has open, spacious peeling with the accent on leisure. Living room with fire­ place, 4 roomy bedrooms, 2 full baths, p riv a c y fenced yard. 
$39,5oo. Call today. Nites 655-1149. 

BRAUN STA TIO N EA ST...a NEW, home with native trees! Fomily- living room with fireplace, wet bar is overlooked by a loft...open to a wood deck! 3 bedrooms, 2 luxury baths! 
$58,9oo. 
R E A L T O R S 
681-29oo 

INC, R EA LT O R S________ 
H IL L CO UN TRY V IL L A G E ...Ap­ prox. 2 acres with 3 bedroom home and 2 bedroom guesthou­ se..pool 4ox2o, game room, horse stalls, tack room and riding ring! 
A comfortable haven..great for your fam ily...in the N ortheast school district. 
$11o,ooo. 
R EA LT O R S 
653-7341 

P ARK V ILLA G E , Beautiful 3 be­ droom, 2 bath with separate din­ ing and den areas, excellent con­ dition. Owner anxious. No down 
VA. Call for appt. 
H UG H ES A B R ISC O E 
924-4331 
R E A L T O R S 
675-o696 

Moving May I. Beautifully lands­ caped 3 bedroom hom e in 
Universal City. Family room with fireplace, I blk to city park, con­ venient to schools. $46,2oo. Must see to appreciate! 658-4933. 

BIG HOME on C O RN ER 
No down anyone! Luxury 3-2-2 massive woodburning fireplace in huge family room, dining room, carpet, utility room decorative baths, privacy fence and more. Only $35o monthly. 
344-5564 Hort McCormick 344-2993 

REALTORS-Perrtn Beitel Ofc 
Large 3-2-2, Cam ilot ll, equity. 
653-4555, 333-2123._______________ 
L A R G E 3-2*2, den, b uilt-ins, fenced, central heat-air. $3o,ooo 
VA. Call now. 
IN TERST A TE 828-o755 til 8 pm 

L E T S P L A Y A G A M E 
Called “how much can you find for $29,95o". You'll win if you call about this homey 3 bdrm, 2 bath home. Has living-dining combo with a fam ily room. P riv a c y fenced. 824-o171 

Century 21 
P R IC E D RIGH T 
Large corner lot, fenced yard go with this 3 bedroom home, full carpet, large kitchen. $19,9oo. 
ROSSI R E A L T Y 
494-7781 

HAP R E S E R 653-6182 Anytime 
Valencia-By Owner. 4-2-2, 1938 sq.ft., formal living dining, tam room with fireplace, 656-4622 atter 
5pm. No agents. Tjk VA__________ 

Plenty of room for entertaining in this elegant 2 story, 4 large be­ drooms, 2'/} baths, formal rooms, family room with fireplace, wet bar, beautiful 18 X 36 pool. For the discrim inating buyer- $58,5oo. 
Nites 655-5693. 

Only 552,ooo for this luxury 4 be­ droom home on a beautiful treed lot, large den with fireplace, study, will sell 
VA. 
341-72o1, 
REA LTO R S 

PR IC E R E D U C E D 
O F F P E R R IN B E IT E L - Lovely 
3-2-7 with large brick fireplace in family room, formal living and dining, covered patio and many other extras. Assume 7% VA or refinance. See to appreciate. Call owner-broker 653-2356 business 
349-1251 

Valencia- Bv owner. 3-2-2 with fireplace and extras! A ssum e 
53o3 at 8' «%. $39,5oo. 656-1639 
H O M E W A N T E O Naco Perrin area, 3-2-2, single living area with dining rm, reasonable eauity-mo payments under $23o. 455-1966. and Nacogdoches Rd and lust north of Loop 41o. Completely redecorated interior and exterior. 
3-2-2, living-dining room (or fami­ ly room) glassed to covered patio. 
Nice fenced yard. 
$48,ooo. 
824-2347. 

V IL L A G E NORTH 
Big 4 bedroom, J bath, den, double garage, covered patio, on B ar­ rington near new post office site. 
FHA, VA or assume. 349-65o3, 
654-6296 

Bring your paint brush, no down payment to anyone. 3-4 bedrooms, 
2 baths, some with air and all appliances. Payments less than rent. 
BOB DePAOLO 
344-3o91______________ R EA LT O R 
Century 21 
M O N EY SA V E R S R E A L T Y 
656-242o A N Y T IM E 
Near Shops and Schools. Assume or refinance. 3 bedroom, 2 bath, don, central heat and air, 2 car garage. Call Ann 

T ms home has a separate study, dining room, breakfast area and large single living area to com­ plim ent 3 bedroom s, and two baths. Fireplace and fenced At 
$47,5oo in San Pedro Hills. See It and compare. Nites 494-1832. 
349-4343 or 349-3535 Anytime 

R EA LTO R S 
The perfect location, just off Ban­ dera. Lovely 4 bedroom, brick home, with all the fine features expected in a custom built home 
$58,9oo. 344-8348 
Grace Arnold 
R E A L T O R S M L S _______ 

Lovlev 3 bedroom home on beau­ tiful lot, many trees. 1oo%elean - move right in - fresh paint in and out. Priced right for quick sale. 
Mid 2o s. 
653-435o 

L IV E OAK - 3-2-2, fireplace, car­ pet. 
$4oo down, 
$349 mo.J A J REALTY674-8883Anyttr 
East Terrell Hills 
W IN D C R E ST ... 5 bedroom, iV i bath home, near Golf course, park and Elem entary school... has living, d in ing and fam ily rooms! Fully carpeted, with fire­ place, iandscaaing and covered patio! 
$97,5oo. 
R E A L T O R S 
494-7771 

By owner, Fox Run, bright. Open 
4-2-2, 2ooo sa.ft. Large kitchen. 
$52,5oo. 456-9o64.________________ 
Quiet area, near North Star Mall, owner a n xio u s, 3-2-1, stove, dishwasher. 341-5o83.____________ 
R E F U R B IS H E D , R E D E C O R A - 
TED...brick 'n cedar home in Oak 
Forest, has an enormous, open living area with a raised hearth fireplace! 4 bedrooms, 2 baths. 
$62,8oo. 
R E A L T O R S 
824-9631 

Newly decorated. 3-2-2. conven­ ient location. 824-7334 
532-31o7 Realtor 
648-33o7 
NEAR W INDSOR M A L L 
2 or 3 bedroom, reasonable equi­ ty, $137 monthly payments. A real iewei. See It now. 349-1479 
Hector J. Herbeck Inc., Realtors 
NEW LISTIN G 
4-2, near Randolph, built-in kit­ chen, living room, dining room and family room. All rooms are large. Home has approx. 16oo sq.ft. Extra Insulation, new paint, turbo vents, large lot. Super buy! 
C e n t u r y 2 1 
653-8131 Bill Parkins Rlty657-1475 
Newly decorated- landscaped, 
3-2-2, spilt bedrooms, low equity, assume pmts. 653-9254 
NO DOWN A N YO N E Luxury 3-2-2 
Move in 2 weeks! Woodburning brick fireplace in spacious living area, separate dining area, appliances, utility room, air, carpet Ihruout, 16 ft. mstr bedroom, Live Oak, $335 month* 
344-5564 Mort McCormick 344-2993 
NO DOWN P A Y M E N T 
E A SY TO Q U A LIF Y 
Non-Vets occepted. 3 and 4 bedrooms-many with cetral heat-air and appliances 
227-o227 Watson A Son 655-8546 
NO DOWN to anyone, new list of 
Government approved - financed homes. 3-4 bedrooms. Som e ap­ pliances. First payment June. 
222-9616TERRA R EA LT Y 24 H RS 

By Owner. Immaculate 4-21 In 
Camelot ll. Carpets, built-ins, beautiful fenced yard. $27,5oo. 
$2,ooo down, $26o mo. C all 
1-336-2442, Boerne, Tx.__________ 

S U P E R C L E A N 3 bedroom , 2 bath home. F u lly carpeted,. 
Beautiful covered patio that's ready for sum m er enlovm enl. 
Paym ents only $259 m onthly. 
R EA SO N A B LE EQUITY. Hurry! 
828-6343, eves 656-ooo7 
Corneum I Associates 

By O w ner: Open House. Old 
Form ll, 4-2-2, fireplace, carpet, privacy fence and patio, utility room, co rn ice s and drape s. 
$39,9oo. 656-4385 
_______ 

E L DORADO - BY OW NER 
3-2-2, spacious master bedroom, sunken living room with fireplace. 
Fomily room, carpeted thru-out, fenced yard. No agents. 653-5874, 
656-3424___________________ 
ELDORADO . 3-2-2, many extras. 
Great location, neighborhood. 
656-5o11._______________________ 
ELD O R A D O M O D EL HOM E 
3-2-2, self cleaning oven, water softener, fireplace slab, and too much to list. In the 4o’s 656-1234 

REALTORS-Blanco Rd. Ole 
REALTORS-Wolzem Ole 
1oo% BRICK V E N E E R 
In Alamo Heights, 4 bdr, 2 bath, large living, elect kitchen, built- ins In family room, privacy fence. 
An immaculate house 736-1918. 

BY O W N E R , this 1*« year old beautifully landscaped, fully car­ peted, 3-2-2 features a formal din­ ing room with full mirrored wall, paneled fam ily room with fire­ place; breakfast bay with view of lovely rose gardens, woven wood shades, sm oke alarm , roof tur­ bines, and a fenced backard. As- sume $339 mo. 684-3147________ 

HURLEY 824-1279 (24 Hrs) 
For new homes 
VA-FHA-Conventional 
$26,5oo-5125,ooo. All areas 
We find it or build it 

B v Owner, 4-2-2 in L a rk sp u r. 
Beautiful landscape, paneled fam ily room with firep lace, covered patio. 653-9432__________ 
Bv Owner. $132 paym ents for 
3-l-CP on cul-de-sac, carpet, air, stove, fence. Close to elementary. 
$25oo equity 655-o152 
______ 
B Y O W NER. 3-2-1 in Live Oak, converted garage, built-ins, car­ pet, drapes, central air, fenced tree shaded yard, walk to schools, 
$25,5oo. 656 1142 _______________ 
H&H REALTY 
LOOKING 
FOR A HOME 
CALL 654-7131 

8347 W IND W AY 
G A R D E N H O M E 
CUSTOM B U ILT on oversized lot with 25oo sa ft. air cond space. 
Designed for luxurious, comfor­ table living, great for entertain­ ing, customized built-ins thruouf; office-sewing room ; oversized double garage with large storage room and workshop. Many other extras that will be appreciated bv the discriminating buyer. 589,5oo. 
Call tar opp’t. 653-o216. _________ 

Reluctantly for sale by owner. 
4-3-2: Valencia. We don't want to lease our 25oo sq. ft. of functional luxury of quiet cul-de-sac. 2 mas­ ter suites, upstairs sitting room, formal living and dining rooms. 2o ft. fam ily room with built-in bookshelves, eat-in kitchen with seif-cieaning oven and finished pantry and util. room. Custom drapes, co vered patio, N E schools, I blk. from swim and tennis club. $64,ooo. 654-1286 by appt, only_______________________ 

F R E E Referrals to other homes 
"F or Sole By Owner" 342-9393. 
Son Antonio Homeowners Broker 
By Owner 4-2-2 In Meadow Oaks, near Randolph. $4o,75o or $8ooo assumption. 659-1135.____________ 

So you expect and get the niceties 
3 bedrooms, 2 baths for $26,5oo. A real family pleasure. 
824-2391 (A n y tim e ) 

3 br. 2 bath, large family room, drapes and stove remain. VA ap­ praised in low 3o's. A good buy. 
349-3535 or 349-5111, anytime 
BRIMS IT BACK, BREAKER ou say there is a beautiful 3 b 
You say there is a beautiful 3 be droom , (sp lit p riv a c y a r r a n ­ gement) home with two baths, workshop area, a 23x16 ft. living room with fireplace ond more in 
Thousands Oaxs tor only $46,9oo. 
That's a big 1o-4!! 
349-1436 A n y t im e 

By Owner in Valencia. Charming 
4-2-2, shady corner lot of cul-de- sac, carpet, privacy fence, walk to school and pool. VA appraised 
$42,ooo. 653-8437_________________ 

E A SY T ER M S oon nice house in 
Live Oak Estates. Immaculate 3 bedroom home, 2 bath, Priced lo sell, on quiet cul-de-sac. Perfect for young couple. $23,9oo. 
COM PASS R E A L T Y 
494-16o1 494-3o! 2 
LOW T W EN T IES 
3 bedrooms and a large fam ily room can be y o u rs fo r on ly 
$22,5oo. Excellent locaton for shopping at Windsor Park Mall. 
Minutes to Ft. Sam Houston. Eve., 
533-7677 

N O RTH EAST 

T E R R E L L H E IG H T S'** Charm ­ ing, well kept older home features brick floored family room, 3 large bedrooms, 2 baths, 2ox9o planted garden, acre ond MacArthur 
HS for kids! 542,5oo. 822-58o6. 

FOX RUN - Luxury % brick, 4-2-2 on huge privacy fenced cut-de-sac lot with cathedral ceiling in liv­ ing-dining comb., family room, fireplace, large patio and nose to 
Randolph! Low 5o's 342-9393 

K IR B Y M A N O R -Immaculate 3 bedroom home with im pressive 
16x31 family room that has stereo intercom, built-ins and indirect lighting! Too many extras to list • you must come see at SHS Crown 
Lone. 528,5oo. 661-3925 

BY OW NER 4-2-2. Spacious living and entertaining area with fire­ place. Large kitchen and break­ fast room. Stone exterior, cour­ tyard and patio. 564,5oo. 11631 
Sandman, 344-3934 By pp pf. only 

REALTORS-Lockhlll-Selmo Ole 
IM M A C U L A T E 3-2-2 with huge moster bedroom, fireplace, den, carpets, landscaped. 537,8oo. Call 
IN T ER ST A T E 828-o755 tit 8 pm 
In Fox Run, by owner, bright, open, charm ing, custom stone home. 3-2-2 with luxury features and extras. $49,9oo. 656-7755. 

RE ALTORS-Austin Hwy Ofc 
Bv owner-landscaped wood and brick, northeast home. Approx 
18oo sa ft livin g area. N ear schools. $34,5oo. Call 655-8535 

B Y O W NER, Adam s Hill, 4-2-1, many extras, assume 7% V A loan, and pmts. of $2o1, plus Equity. 
736-22o1 or 826-3481. 

W INDSOR P A R K No Down Pmt 
Anyone! Clean 3-2-2 air, appl lances and much more, for only 
$27o monthly! Sure won t last! 
344-5564 Hort McCorm ick 344-2993 
Big, Big house on quiet cul-de-sac in Tyro! Hills, newly decorated. 
Has 6 bedrooms and 3 baths, in­ cludes m a id s q u a rte rs or mother-in-law suite. Appraised at 
$71,ooo. Nites 433-6658. 
349-4343 or 349-3535 Anytime 

INC, R E A L T O R S________ 
Buy from Owner* This week ON- 
LY! Save R ealto rs' fee! Fully equipped 3-2-2 home in wooded 
Foothills. Bus service to all NS schools. $39,SOO. 344-8869________ 
Buy (rom Owner! This week ON­ 
LY! Save R ealto rs' fee! Fully equipped 3-2-2 in wooded Footh­ ills. Bus to all NS schools. $39,5oo. 
344-8869 

Assum e loan payments of $256 monthly on this sharp 3 bedroom, 
2 bath. Big living area, built-in kitchen, central heat and air, double garage. 342-4177, nites 
344-5371. 
B IL L SO UTH ERN R EA LT O R 
E X C E L L E N T LOCATION 
3-2-2 rock house. Completely ren­ ovated, vacant. 655-7713. 
TANGLEW O O D R E A L T Y 
E X E C U T IV E T R A N S F E R R E D 

By owner, 3-2-2, fully carpeted, central air-heat, low equity. Aft 
6pm, 661-4859. Make an offer. 
Lovely Gordon Home. 2 bedroom, 
2 bath, largo living area, formal dining arco, country kitchen, large 2 car garage. 
655-5131 anytime 
R E A L T O R S 
VIR G IN IA C E R V E N K A 

W O O D LA K E 3-1'i-l. Stone and frame home. Central air, fenced yard. $229 mo. 661-5o66 
Century 21 
D E L A N E Y R E A L T Y 653-o55o 
D E L A N E Y R E A L T Y 653-o55o 
Open Monday thru Friday 8 A.M. to 5:3o P.M. 
DEADLINES: 
Monday thru Thursday 
5:oo P M. for Following Day 
Friday 1:3o for Saturday 
Friday 5 P.M. for Sunday 
Friday 5-.3o P.M. For Monday 
CLOSED SA T U R D A Y A N D S U N D A Y 
Cancellations and Corrections can be made 
Monday thru Friday 8 A M. til 5.3o P.M. 

The Express N e w s Corp. accepts responsibility 

V for errors the first d a y of publication only. 
A 

R O O SEVELT HIGH! Split-levol, 4 bedroom, 3 bath home In W IN D ­ 
CREST, has living, dining rooms- 
...family room with fireplace! 
Lovely, patio-sunroom 25x1o! 
575,ooo. 
R E A L T O R S 
494-7771 

BU Y O U RS .. 
Our Selter-Participation Option saves m oney for b u y e rs and sellers. 
F o r details, coll 
Homeowner Marketing Service 
349-4373. 

2 and 3 bedroom units, largo liv­ ing areas, rock fireplaces, custom kitchen, beautifully situated north 
San Antonio area. From $46,ooo. 

A BRIG H T A N D C H E E R F U L 
3-2-2, In U n iv e rsity O aks, on corner lot, close Lockehill Elem 
Form al iivingroom , separated from family area, with firepjace, by masonry arches. Assum e our 
7% loan 4838 Clemson, 696-2752. 
Low $4o's.________ ___ 

Just listed 3 bedrooms, IVz baths, single car garage. Range and alt drapes remain. Super nice clean home. Priced in low 2o’s. 
454-3ooo A n y tim e 
If s A DAZZLER 
LANDMARK. REALTORS 
_________69o-95o2_________ 
By owner, A dam s Hill, 2 storv 
4-2Vj-2, dining room, living room, family room with fireplace, eat in kitchen, central air-heot, covered patio, mony extras, 2ooo sq.ft. 
Assume / ^ V A loan plus equity, no agents. 673-6942 

A b solutely im m aculate 4 be­ droom, 2 bath home Features formal room, family room with fireplace, drapes, carp eting, built-in microwave, covered pa­ tio, privacy fence. $49,9oo. Nites 
655-7492. 

M ACARTH UR, 
Madison, 
Regency 
No down anyone! Brick 4-2-1 separate dining, living areas, air, dishwasher, range, fence and stilt only $29o monthly! 
344-5564 Hart McCormick 344-2993 
M ACARTH UR, 
Madison, 
Regency 
No down anyone! Brick 4-2-1 separate dining, living areas, air, dishwasher, range, fence and still only $29o monthly! 
344-5564 Hort McCormick 344-2993 

R O O S E V E L T H IG H ... 4 be­ drooms, 2 baths in pretty home with nice, covered patio . living and family rooms. Double garage. 
$33,95o. 
R E A L T O R S 
653-7341 

4 A C RES. P arkiike 4-3 2, Qtrs. 
Shop, game room, many extras. 
Horse trails adjcent. Excellent for children and rela tive s. N ear 
41o-Vance Jackson. N .E .I S D. 
Must see to appreciate 344-655o 

REALTORS-Perrin Beitel Otc 
N O RTHERN H IL L 
The most absoulately immaculate 
3-2-2, screen covered patio, mid 
3o's. Open terms. Don't m iss tmis one! REALTO R. 494-1951 

BY OW NER, 3 bedroom, 2 bath, double garage. B raun Station 
West, tow equity. 684-31o5 wee- kends or att 6 
Century 21 
Adam s Hill, by owner, 3-2-2, 2 living areas, extras. $36,7oo $25 mo, negotiate equity. 673-27o2 
Century 21 
CU DDY-GLASCO CK 

M O N E Y SA V E R S R E A L T Y 
656-242o A N Y T IM E 
SAN P E D R O H IL L S , like new stone 3-2-2, fireplace, extras. 
492-29o2 or 494-5713. iii m rrrp ffm "Ntw*.-------- 
C A L I 2 7 5 - 1 6 6 6 

A D A M S Hill. 3-2-2 on cul de-sac, ww carpets, all appliances, fire­ place, large yard, playhouse. A s­ sume below appraisal. 535,5oo. 
674-3617____________ 

By OW NER, best of both: NW location-NE schools! Large 
4-3-2, Mid $5o'$. 349-222o 

O N A W A N T A D 
THC N U M B L Y TO CALL 
IS 2 2 5 - 1 6 6 6 t X P B l S i A N D N E W S 

THE N U M BLY TO CALL 
IS 2 2 5 -1 6 6 6 
EXPRESS A N D N EW S 

) 

o4368333 

 wmmmmmm d o w s a d s 
" 

^ 
^ 
■ f t 
X 
A 
S 
S 
I Z 
E 
S 
A 
V 
I N 
G 
S 
. 
. 
. 

2 LINES S 
IO DAYS 7 

NON COMMERCIAL! 
CANCELLABLE 
WITHOUT 
RATE CHANGE 
2 2 5 - 1 6 6 6 
QUICK RESULTS! 

212 HORES-WWTHiEST 
212 • 
212 • MMESJIfflTflWEST 
212 HOMf SMBTHWEST 

WINDCREST 
Enjoy the EASY HEE in this LUX­ 
URIOUS 
GARDEN 
HOME. 
3 bedrooms, 
I baths, 
SPLIT 
BEDROOM PLAN. FORMAL LIVING 
AND DINING ROOM. LOVELY GARY 
POOL. $65,ooo Niles 655 264o 

NEW in UNIVERSITY 
OAKSI 

QUALITY BUILT, TULLY CARPETED 3 bedroom, 2 both home. LOVELY 
FIREPLACE in the FAMILY ROOM. 
ON NICE QUIET CUL DE SAC lot with 
BEAUTIFUL 
OAR 
TREES! 
$46,5oo. Niles 656 ooo7 

BANK REPO! 
NEW HOME. 75% MASONRY. PRIC­ 
ED WELL UNDER MARKET VALUE. 3 bedrooms, 
2 baths. 
FULLY 
CARPETED. 
DOUBLE 
FINISHED 
GARAGE. 
A 
MUST 
SELL! 
ONLY 
$41,7oo. Niles 656 ooo7. 

TOP OF THE HILL 

MODERATELY PRICED BRAND NEW 
4-2-2 HOME H IU COUNTRY ROCK 
RETAINER WALL. LOTS OF CLASS 
AND LIVING FOR ONLY $36,ooo. 
$1oo MOVE IN VA. Niles 655-8o7o. 

COOL CREST 
AREA - IOT 
EXCEUENT location for MOBILES, lot size 
9ox18o. 
Priced at 
$7,5oo OO. LOOKS GOOD!!! Nites 
1-438-71o2. 

YOUR MOVE 
NO CITY TAXES! 

In Heritage Farms. BEAUTIFUL 3 bedroom, 
2 bath home with 
SPACIOUS 23x18 FAMILY ROOM 
COVERED 
PATIO 
AND 
FENCED! 
DRAPES, STOVE & REFRIGERATOR 
REMAIN! $37,5oo.oo. Nites 341- 
o416. 
MINT CONDITION! 

GARDEN 
AREA, 
MT. 
LAURELS, 
PLUM, APRICOT I PEAR TREES, 
GRAPE VINES TOO are included in the $22,95o.oo selling price on this carpeted 3 bedroom, I bath home. VA, FHA or ASSUME. Nites 
653 9596. 
ONLY ONE LEFT!! 
TOWNHOME ON RUDMAN. CON­ 
VENIENT TO FT. SAM & RANDOLPH, 
NO CONDO FEE. SELECT YOUR OWN 
CARPET 
& 
LIGHT 
FIXTURES. 
3 bedrooms, 2 Viz baths. SEE THIS 
ONE 
TOOAY! 
VA-EHA. 
$35,175. 
Nites 653-9596. 
FIRST OFFERING! 

$6,4oo EQUITY S $37o MONTHLY will buy this LOVELY 4 bedroom, 2 bath home. 
FULLY 
CARPETED. 
DRAPES, ALL ELECTRIC KITCHEN. 
75% 
BRICK!!! 
TERRIFIC 
BUY! 
$45,95o. Nites 655-8791. 
OLDER BUT GOOD 

Older home with LARGE rooms. 2 story has 4 bedrooms, 2 baths & a 
FIREPLACE and for ONLY $25,ooo. 

Nites 656-ooo7. 
CORNELIUS 

APPRAISED FOR 
$18,5oo 
Will sell for $18,1oo. 3 bedroom, I bath. ALL NEW CARPET THROUGH­ 
OUT! CLOSE TO LACKLAND S KELLY. 
1 block from swimming pool!! Will sell VA or EHA 828 6343 Nites 
341 o416. 
SUPER, SUPER 
CLEAN!!! 
FULLY CARPETED 3 bedroom, 2 both home with INTERCOM, DISH­ 
WASHER, 
GARBAGE 
DISPOSAL, 
RANGE, 
VENTAHOOD, 
COVERED 
PATIO TOO! $29,9oo. Nites 656- 
ooo7. 
LOMA PARK HGTS. 
FIRST OFFERING of o 3 bedroom, 
VA bath, BETTER THAN NEW WITH 
ALL IMPROVEMENTS MADE! CON 
VENIENT TO 
SCHOOLS. 
GARAGE 
COMPLETELY FINISHED. FINANCING 
- OPEN $24,5oo. 
Nites 
I 438- 
71o2. 
DELLCREST 

 looking for a fully carpeted 3 bedroom, 2'A bath home with 
URGE FAMILY ROOM, BURGLAR 
BARS, BSQ IN BACK YARD. URGE 
CORNER LOT? THIS COULD BE IT! 
$29,9oo. Nites 656-ooo7. 
WOODLAWN HILLS 
AREA 

2 bedroom, I bath home with 
LARGE ROOMS AND HIGH CEIL­ 
INGS. BEING REDECORATED. NEAR­ 
BY SHOPPING TOO. 2 blocks from bus line. 516,5oo. Nites 735-6714. 

NEAR MEDICAL 
CENTER 

VERY CLEAN, FULLY CARPETED 3 bedroom home with FIREPUCE, 
DRAPES, and CORRAL FOR HORSES! 
ALMOST TWO ACRES. Take a look 
TODAY! $55,ooo. Nites 732-1548. 

THUNDERBIRD 
ESTATES 

NEW 3 bedroom, 2 both home with VERY LARGE FAMILY ROOM 
WITH BEAMED CEILING! QUALITY 
CONSTRUCTION. VA PHA. $36,ooo. 
Nites 341-o416. 

NEW LISTING! 
CAMELOT ll 
This BEAUTIFUL, FULLY CARPETED 
3 bedroom home has VERY URGE 
MASTER BEDROOM. BRICK FIRE­ 
PUCE IN THE LIVING ROOM. As­ sume $337 monthly with REA­ 
SONABLE EQUITY! CHOICE CORNER 
LOH $39,5oo. Nites 653-9596 

EASY IM N ’ 

In this BEAUTIFUL CARPETED 3 bed­ room, VA bath TOWNHOME WITH 
BRICK FIREPUCE in LIVING ROOM. 
8URGUR BARS TOO! CLOSE TO 
POOL, CLUB HOUSE * BASKETBALL 
COURT! $39,95o. Nites 653-9596. 

TWO FIREPLACES! 

One in the large 17x16 master bedroom, the other is in the 
28x22 family room. 3 bedrooms, 
2 baths. 
75% brick! $53,9oo. 
Nites 653-9596 

2 1 2 -1 l O 
U 
U 
2 1 2 

.MAKES 

OUR UN IQ U E WAY kJ THE 
FUN & PROFIT SELLING SYSTEM 

FOREST OAKS In your own free linedcom erof convenienf contenfmenf... three bedroom, two bath, covered entertainment patio, with extras! 

ROLLING RIDGE A ctivity center for your busy fam ily... fresh as a daisy townhouse with 3 bed­ rooms ,2 baths, large master, new luxury carpet. 

WHISPERING OAKS Enjoy Country C lubad- vantagesand the casual elegance of 4 bedroom, 
21} bath, with fireplace, sprinkler system, etc. 

THOUSAND OAKS Executive made his con­ temporary mansion better than new...and now faces transfer... 5 bedroom spendor for $69,5oo. 

LARKSPUR From energy saving to fireplaces... enjoy 3 bedroom ,2 bath "idea home" nestled by neighborhood pool and club just down the way. 

CALL FOR HOMES OR 
YOUR FREE BROCHURE 3 4 9 - 4 3 7 3 

O 
M 
E O 
D 
J i 

212 HQRAES NORTHWEST 

San Antonio EXFRESS-NbVv $ — Sunday April I 7, I 9 7 7 

LOS AMGELES H6TS. 
V e ry nice 2 b e d ro o m , 4 b a th . 
F o rm a l liv in g , fo rm a t d in in g , range and re frig e ra to r included. 
Detached garage , fenced y a rd . 
S2o,OOO. Mi-3222, nites 694-o616. 
B IL L SOUTHERN REALTO R 
LOS AN GELES HGTS 
HOI SAN FRANCISCO, N othing down, 318o mo. 675-1691, 342-1691, 
623-572o 
POINTER R E A L ESTATE 

21L HOMES MRTffffiST 
214- HOO 6o2.SAtt3.ST 

JOI Roanoke, 3 room house, 2 lots, 
IOO X ISO, o w n e r le a v in g c ity . 
311.SOO cash 
Kelley, 
732-5719, 
433-6641. 
12 roam b ric k and cedar home, 
25oo sq.ft. Pi acre, 4-2-2, 2o X 24 gom eroom , la rg e livin g and din ing rooms, screened patio, many e x tra s , fenced y a rd , la rg e out building, northside schools. M id 
SO's. By owner. 434-1128 

L o v e ly 3 b e d ro o m h o m e on 
Lamanda. Rent house In re a r w ill h e lp m a ke p a y m e n ts . 
J u s t 
121,5oo. Easy term s. 494-21oo, In ­ ternational, Eves 227-2777 
LOW E Q U ITY ! 
Approx. 33,5oo assumes the 8 'a% 
V A lo a n a t 3274 m o. on th is charm ing and different 4-2-1 w ith central heat-air. F u lly carpeted, fu lly e q u ip p e d k itc h e n , NE 
Schools. 332,5oo. 
REALTOR 
691-13oo 
Century 21 
E LA IN E LUDW IG A ASSOC. 

SENECA ESTATES 
Convenient to M edical Center and o th e r n o rth w e s t fa c ilitie s . A llj brick, 3 bedroom s, separate d in -! ing room . big fire p la c e in den. lo ve ly ca rp e ts , im m e d ia te pos­ session 349,75o 344 8348 
G race Arnold ; 
REALTORS MLS 

SLAVE SALE 

MEDICAL CENTER 
N E S TLE D IN TH E TR E E S . A ll b ric k , all carpeted, 3 bedroom s plus study, 2 ba th s and fa m ily room. All for only 33o,75o. 684-72oo 
CENTURY 21 Schneider Realty 

Owner has w orked his fingers to the bone keep ing hom e In new condition. 4 bedroom s w ith huge m aster, 2 baths, living room plus den, room y yard, new central air. 
Assume 3196 mo. 
SANDISON R E A LT Y 
699-92o1 

SOLAR SYSTEM 
TRAILW OOD-IH IO NW 
LEON SPRINGS E X IT 
OPEN THIS W E E K E N D 

MOCKINGBIRD POND 
Lu xu ry 3 bedroom , 2% bath con­ do. 2 living arpen with fireplace im m acula te, m inutes fro m Med 
Center. Low 4o’s. 
LANDMARK. REALTORS 
69o-95o2 i l l M oney L a n e , 4 b e d ro o m , p ic k u p p aym ents o n ly 371 mo, owner, Kelley, 732-5719, 433-6641. 

A ASSOCIATES 828-6343 

J 
EXECUTIVE 
J 

J 
COUNTRY ESTATES « 

+ Vt 1/3 acre ★ 4 bedroom ★ ^ 
^ wood burning fireplace Br wet ^ bor, * mony extras it quiet X 

 ire pm o bargain $59,95o. 
VA financing available. 
Call 
T O M N O T M A N 
6 8 4 -3 l l 3 
1651 ROB ROY us-Home 

J 
Of CENTRAL TEXAS 
* 

ROYAL SIZE HOME 

4 KING SI7F bedrooms, 2 spacious bpths, combination living-dinina mom,to feed ond entertain o small army, royal size family room for 
-rommona performances. 
Plus patio, fenced, double garage. 
BEAUTIFUL VIEW! 

BOB MCGINNIS 
REALTORS y 349-6211 

THIS 5 ACRE ESTATE 

 bos an inspiring view of the city. 
Two story Mediterranean luxury. 
Heated pool, Cabana and bath and kitchen. 
Double tennis 
I court. 5 bedrooms, 4'/z baths, quarters. Exciting living, dining, breakfast rooms. Gourmet k it­ chen. 
Vaulted ceilings. 
Many special features. 8 minutes from I 
Loon 41o. Tree lined Country 
Club approach. See this! 
826*2347 
REALTORS 
Wmiikm 

WHISPERING 
OAKS 

EXCEPTIONAL 
G A R D E N H O M E 

3 B E D R O O M S 

SW IM M IN G POOL 
4 9 2 - 2 4 2 8 

BY 
OWNER 
• 
TO W NVIEW 
ESTATES 
3-2-2, form al sunken liv in g room , fireplace, cathedral cellin g in den, utility room, w a ll to w a ll carpet, patio, la rg e fenced la ndscaped c o rn e r lo t, 1oo% b r ic k , i m acula te Betw een M ed C e nte r ond K elly-Lackland. 684-o374 
BY OWNER: Tw in Creek, 3-2-2, I m ain livin g area, fire p la c e , din- ing. 34o,7oo. 681-o126. 

Bv O w ner: Castle M ills, I acre, sw im m ing pool, 3-2, 23oo sa. It. In the 35o's. 2o6 
E Castle 
Lane. 
349-34o8 
__ 
BY OWNER, 3-1 Va-1, ce n tra l a c ­ heat, fenced yard, carpeted livin g room , s e c u rity w in d o w g u a rd s , conv. to M ilita ry bases and NS schools. Call atter 5 684-8361. 
By O wner. Colonies N o rth Sum ­ m it. 5-2-2. F o rm a l iiv ln g -d in in g , fa m ily room -ttroplace. screened patio, 355,9oo. 69o-9481 
B y o w n e r, C re s th a v e n , 2-1-1, co m p rem o dele d, b u ilt-in s , Ige fenced yard, extra s, p e rfe c t fo r young m arried or re tire d couple. 
Assum e 7%% VA o r 322,ooo. No agents. 344-5729. 
By O wner, Custom b u ilt 3-2-2 in 
S eneca E s ta te s , S u p e rb flo o r p la n , lo v e ly y a rd . Y o u 'll a p ­ p r e c ia te th e m a n y e x t r a s ! 
554,9oo. No agents. 681-1877 
By O w ner, F orest O aks, lo v e ly 
3-2-2, all b rick, fo rm a l liv in g -d in ­ ing, den, fireplace, p riva cy fence, other extras. 343,5oo. No agents, 
681-o857 
By Owner Fsrest Glen 
3-2-2, 12oo sq.ft. fenced, fu ll c a r­ peting, screened patio, appls, % brick. <228 mo. 684-4473 
By owner, Glen Oaks P a rk, very n e a r M ed C e n te r, a ll b r ic k , 
3-1' j- i, all appl, cent air-heat, new ro o f. 329,9oo co n y o r a ssu m e . 
696-8oo4. No agents please. 
Bv ow ner, H eritage F o rm , 3-2-2, fenced. Fireplace, covered patio, carpet. 
Assume 
7%% loan. 
673-7954 
B y ow ner, H eritage F arm , 4-2-2, 
2ooo sq.ft. Iivlng-dining, 6- Ig g a r­ den kitchen with adloining fa m ily rm , fireplace, fu lly carpeted, cav p atio , nice ya rd w ith tre e s -p rlv fence, 7' j \ 674-6858. 
By Owner- Hollywood P ark. Cus­ tom b u ilt 3-2-2 B rick Colonial. In excellent condition. I liv in g area, s p a c io u s m a s te r b e d ro o m . 
367,75o. 494-3o86 
BY O W N ER, L a rg e and Love ly 
4-2-2, 23oo Sq.F L , M any e x tra s 
E q u ity $45oo p m ts . 3371. 222 
Meadow Glen, 673-o154. 

By Owner. Unique C ontem porary hom e in H e rita g e F a rm . 3 be b ro o m s, 2 'i b a th s . S tu d y lo ft overlooks distinctive 2 sto ry living room with fireplace. F a m ily room a djoin s la rg e c o u n try k itc h e n . 
21oo sq.ft. NS schools. No agents. 
674-2492 
BY OWNER, Woods of Shavano, 
3-2-2 + study or sewing room , den w ith fireplace, livin g -d in in g com ­ bo, a ll c a rp e t, u til rm , g re e n ­ house, trees. 351,5oo. 492-9216. 
3475 CASH is all if takes to get info this beautiful 345,ooo home. C a r­ p e t, a p p lia n c e s , a n d F IR E * 
PLACE. Call now ! 696-o974 
Fortuna Associates, 696 1412 
CASTLE H ILLS TE R R A C E 
So co n ve n ie n t to a ll 3 schools. 
Custom b u ilt, c o n te m p o ra ry de­ sign. 3 bedrooms, 2 fa m ily room s, separate d in in g room , exce lle n t condition and vacant. 
367,ooo 
344-8348 
Grace Arnold 
R EALTOR S M LS 
C A S T L E 
H IL L S .. .p a r k - lik e grounds w ith 96 tre e s ...a lo v e ly p o o l and S a ltillo tile d p a tio , 
G u e s th o u s e , 
B B G ! 
R u s tic , ranch-style home has 4 bedroom s, 
3 b a th s...fire p la c e and c o u n try kitchen. Doors from every room , open onto polio! 
592,5oo. 
REALTORS 
494-7771 

Guy Chipm an Co 

CASTLE MILLS ' a ACRE 
Rock 3-2-2 IrM evel, large gomeroom, separate fa m ily room 
225o sq.ft. Appraised 353,25o in 
Lee High area. G reat buy! 
344-5564 H art M cC orm ick 344 2993 
CASTLE H ILLS 
Almost an acre fu ll of trees su r­ rounds th is c o m fo rta b le , fu lly carpeted, 3 bedroom s, I ' i bath home. Call for an appt 
INDEPENDENT, REALTORS 
349-2721 
CHARMING!! 
Spanish courtyard to this 3 2 2 In 
THE SU M M IT! Sunken liv in g and d in in g , bea m ed den w ith f ir e ­ place... C O U N TR Y S IZ E D K IT ­ 
C H E N ... b u ilt-in h u tc h ! W o n 't last! 345,9oo 
6 9 o *9 8 o 2 
GREAT AMERICA 
REALTORS 

ONLY M R H 

• N e w 
B rick 
H e m e t e n 
Aer- e a g e 
• B re a th ta k in g V ie w s e W o a d e d S ites to r P R IV A C f e 4 C h oice N o rth C o m m u n itie s 
(in clud ing N e w B rau n fe ls) e lo w T a x e s M a k e e a s y Pur­ chase Term s 
• 1 7 o o Sq. Ft. L iv in g - 2 Cur 
• $ 3 7 ,3 o o 
• 2 6 8 o Sa. Ft. L iv in g - 2 C e r 
G a ra g e > 4 9 ,7 5 o . 
S earch The H o m e M a r k e t Cive* 
TH IN C a ll USI 
- - 
Swinney Co. 
492-1672 m) 
658-o29o 
673-14o1 

C O LO N IA L 
S p a cio u s 3-2-2 on lo v e ly oak covered lot. L a rge w orkshop, gas 
BSQ, built-in sew ing center. NE 
Schools. 344,9oo 
REALTOR 
691-13oo 
Century 21 
E LA IN E LU D W IG 4 ASSOC. 
COLONIES NORTH - By Owner. 
3-2-2, liv in g + p a n e le d and beamed den. $38,9oo. 696-5o83 

HOLLYWOOD PARK 
This lovely home has 
4 bedrooms, 
2 baths, living and dining room and large family room with fireplace. 
The tree-studded over-sized lot is a 
BONUS. 
Under 
$6o,ooo. 

BOB MCGINNIS 
REALTORS 
V.349-1121 

C o lo n ie s N o rth , S u m m it, by o w n e r, 3-2-2, o ffic e , c u s to m drapes 3647 Richwood. 49o-o927. 
C O M P L E T E L Y R E M O D E L E D , o ld e r hom e in s id e lo o p , 2-1-1, modem kitchen and bath, carpet. 
$22,ooo. 
ROSSI R E A L T Y 
494 7781 
CO NTEMPORAR Y-SPANISH home in C astle H ills ...h a s beau­ tifu l pool and p a tio ! F o rm a l liv ­ in g, d in in g ro o m s a n d a cozy den...3 bedroom s, 2 baths (m aster bedroom has dressing area, sun­ ken bath). 
$75,9oo. 
R EALTO R S 
494-7771 

Bay Chipm an Co 

C O N T E M P O R A R Y 
H O M E , 
4-2* i-2, la rge living - den w ith fire ­ place, playroom , located on V« lot in b e a u tifu lly landscaped Kings 
Grant Forest. Days 224-7581, eves 
349-1518. 
COUNTRY ESTATE 
A p proxim ately I acre, a ll brick, cedar shake roof, 4 bedroom s, 3 baths w ith all the am m e nities of c ity liv in g , o v e r 3ooo sa ft of 
Tradtional elegance. B y appoint­ ment only. 
696-1412 
FORTUNA ASSOCIATES 
COUNTRY HOME IN TH E CITY. 
2 bedrooms, la rge den, 2 baths, 2 a ir units. L arge e q u ity, m onthly 
Monthly paym ents $1o3.38, in te r­ e st 7% , $27,ooo. 
C H A R L E S 
WATTS R E A L E S TATE 732-2918, 
732-5355. 

By O w n e r, Leon V a lle y , 4926 
Evening Sun, 3-2-2, firepla ce, all b rick, fenced. 481-o324, 474-5757. 
BY OWNER. Light and A iry 3-2 2 in F orest Glen. F u lly carpeted, b e a u tifu lly d ra p e d , 3 y rs old. 
(31,5oo 
7535 
Meadow 
Green. 
184-6o7o 

CHARTER OAKS 4-2-2 CUSTOM 
HOME, 3 yrs old, 2 story, corner lot, large oaks, fenced, livin g -d in ­ ing com bination, la rg e den, fire ­ place, paneled study o r 5th be­ droom , b a lco n y, 2 b u ilt-in desk and large china cabinets, decora­ te r carpets, finished garage, cen­ tra l vacuum. 24oo sq. ft. 362,5oo. 
69o-8o71. 

BY 
O W N E R , 7' i% 
L o a n in 
T ow nvie w E states, I ’Y v rs . Old 
165o Sq.Ft., 3 bedrooms, 2 baths, arge fam ily room, w ith cathedral c e ilin g and fire p la c e . D in in g 
'oom . Kitchen and breakfast area y ith b o y w in d o w . L o c a te d on 
:ul-de-sac. Convenient to Schools. 
181-3385 or 224-6554. 
SY O W N E R , NW , 3 b d rm , No 
Spent* Please, $25,9oo or assume 
133-837o 
BY OWNER - SHENANDOAH 
1-1-1, $26,9oo Conventional or as­ sume. 696-5639 After 6 
BY OWNER landoah, 3-2-2, m any e xtra s. 
3o’S. 696-3668 

BY OWNERS 
NORTHWEST 

 rL E N OAKS PARK - Contemnor- iry one large living area, separ- ite dining, fireplace, 2* i decora- o r b a th s , sunke n p a tio a n d 3 arge bedrooms) B eautiful - bef- er th a n new - w ith lu x u ry te n ­ ures you must see at 4918 New- om e! 347,5oo. 342-9393 

83o L A M B E T H - O w n e r w ill irobably drive you through th e ir m ique 3-2-2 hom e fe a tu rin g a eoutiful custom -built kitchen and nonv e xtra * in and out! 347,9oo. 
84-79o3. 

CHAR TER OAKS 
O ver 22oo sq ft of beauty in this 
4-2-2-with fo rm a l livin g and dining room plus la rge fa m ily room w ith v a u lte d c e llin g a n d fire p la c e . 
Custom drapes and m uch m ore. 
$54,ooo 
FOREST OAKS 
New to m arket, lovely 4-2-2, huge den, fireplace, sifting room rwom and m a ste r b e d ro o m , c ir c u la r bar, all extras. M id 4o's. Also 4-2-2 a t $43,5oo, tw o 3 b e d ro o m s, a ll have trees and fu ll b ric k 
LOW TA X A R E A 
Off Bandera Rd. N ear Leon V a l­ le y. 2 ye a r 3 b e d ro o m , 2 b o th , c e n tra l a ir, b u ilt-in s , low ea u iy ond low Interest. M id 2o's 
Century 21 
W hitehead-Holiday 
684-3711 
REALTOR S 
CHILDREN WANTED,... 
This lovely J story b ric k home has 
6 bedroom s, 4 b a th s, huge den w ith firepla ce, spacious w e ll ap­ p o in te d k itc h e n and w o rld s of o th e r fe a tu re s . IN C A S T L E 
H ILLS walk to Lee. 344-8348 
Grace Arnold 
REALTORS MLS________ 

COUNTRY LIVING 
Beautiful NEW custom -built 3 be­ droom, 2 bath home nestled In the trees on a IV* a c re lo t in T ra il- wood. B oerne schoo ls, bu t San 
Antonio phone exchange. M any, m any e x tra s . F o r d e ta ils and viewing, call 342-411$ A N Y T IM E 
WORLD WIDE REALTY 

DO NO THING but m ove in to th is gorgeo us 3 bordroom . Livin g , dining, den has fireplace. A ll carpeted, beautiful­ ly landscaped. 
Ask for 
Gila 
Lucas. 
341-9166 A N Y T IM E 
C e n tu r y 21 
HOWARD T A T E REALTORS 
DOUBLE, ROCK F IR E P LA C E in o u ts ta n d in g h om e in S havano 
P a rk ! L a rg e liv in g , dining and fam ily room s w ith S altillo tile.. 3 c a rp e te d b e d ro o m s , 2 lu x u ry baths! M any extra s! 
$64,9oo. 
REALTO RS 
681-29oo 

Buy U n m a n Co 

DOWERY 
Young home fo r sale, dow ery in ­ cludes 3 bedroom s, 2 baths, bay w in d o w d in in g , frid g e , ra n g e , fenced y a rd a n d new c a rp e t. 
$24,5oo and T.L.C. 
SANDISON R E A L T Y 
699-92o1 
*9oo DOWN 
$125 mo. Nice 3 bedroom home, 
N.S. school d is tric t 
675-1691, 
342 7435 
PO INTER R E A L ESTATE 

ROLLING RIDGE VILLAGE 
5 3 2 7 C a lla g h a n Rd. 

3 bedroom, 2 bath townhouse. 4 years < 
Outside maintenance, pool, tennis court i green area included in $31 monthly fee. 16oo sq. ft. $ 3 8 ,5 o o . Shown by appt. 

SAUNDERS & TREiSCHMANN 
684-1557 
824-2118 
684-5445 

ENCHANTED FOREST 

For the ultimate in comfort and total family living, see the 3 liv­ ing areas in this huge home located in a prestige area con­ venient to malls and Northeast.! schools. This home is offered at 
[ S74,8oQ' 
NAYLOR REALTY 
GALLERY OF HOMES 

6 9 1 - 1 1 2 1 6 5 6 - 5 5 2 o 
3 4 1 - 9 1 9 1 

FOREST OAKS 
New to m arket, clean and livable 
4-2-2. Fireplace in den, cathedral c e ilin g s , p re tty y a rd . $42,5oo. 
Have 3 other, can w ork out trode 
OAK H ILLS TERRACE 
High on h ill ne a r school, 4-2-2, la rg e den plus liv in g , covered patio overlooking beautiful yard. 
Low 4o's a must see 
DOCTOR TR AN S FER R E D 
Must sell in a h u rry , lovely 3-2-2, den plus livin g and dining, central air. Assume paym ent under 524o. 
Low 3o’s n e a r M e d ica l C enter. 
Have several in this popular area 

MORE FOR yo u r m oney in th is a ll b ric k 3 bedroom . L iv in g a re a has fir e ­ place, separate dining, priced In the 3o's. Ask for Beth Tote. 
341-9166 A N Y T IM E 
C e n tu r y 21 
HOWARD TATE REALTORS 

CUSTOM HOME BU ILD ER S 
_________698-2445_________ 

SOUNDS FISHY 
Because ifs a whale of a buy. 3 be d ro o m s w ith su n ke n fa m ily room and fireplace. Located in a v e ry de sira b le N o rth w e st lo ca ­ tion. Selling fo r $32,ooo ond only 
*1,45o down or no down on VA. 
C entury 21 
Schneider Realty 
684-72oo ! 

DELLCREST 
Brick 3 bedroom, 2 both, 2 cor garage 
Lame carpeted living area. 
AH electric kitchen, c» tractive screened patio, central heat ond alc. lerms. 

RIVERSIDE AREA 

 large older two story home 
S bedrooms, 2 baths, living room, family room, 
2 cor detached garage, 14ox15o It. lot Terms. 

HIGHLANDS 
Wolk lo Rogers lr. Hi, 3 bedroom, 
2 bath, with family room Built-in oven and coak top. Carpet, fenced yard. Terms. 

KNOWLTON RD. 

Approximately 
I acre with 3 bedrooms, I n bath, with large living room. Built in kitchen Cen­ tral heat ond air, 2 car attached carport. Terms. 

525-5245 
337-7133, nites 

DEANIE 

OW ENS CO. 

REALTORS— IBIS 

S. la s t O h . 

SPACIOUS 3 b d rm *, 2’ i baths, carpets, b u iltin *, H A $42,5oo or lease w ith option. 
INTERSTATE 828-o755 til 8 pm 

Mother-In-Law Home 

Close To Medical Center 
P icture yourself enjoying leisure livin g in this 4 bedroom , 3 both hom e, spacious den w ith f ir e ­ p la ce , la rg e ho b b y ro o m p lu s b e a u tifu l cove re d p a tio . Q uick possession. M rs. De La G arza 
344-2341, 696-1956 
BOB JONES, REALTORS 

KEY GROUP 

C e n tu r y 21 
W H ITE H E A D -H O LLID A Y 

DRASTIC REDUCTION 
4-2-2, 1oo% b ric k home on '/« acre fenced lo t in the S u m m it area. 
$5,ooo equity and assume loan or 
546,ooo. No agents. 69o-8312 

681-o3oo_____________ REALTORS 
FO R G E T TH E CO M M ISSIO NS, fo r sole by o w n e r. B e a u tifu l 2 sto ry E n g lis h T u d o r In on tre e studded corner lot in Forest Oaks 
Estates. 
E q uity or refinance. 
684-6932. 

JEFF AREA 

This UNIQUE home offers so much! 3 large bedrooms, 
2 baths, separate living and dining rooms, den, 
LOTS and LOTS of storage and a beautiful yard. Your search is OVER! Call today . . . it won't last! 

BOB MCINNIS 
REALTORS 
349-1121 

HOME IS WHERE 
THE HEART IS ... 
Corney, maybe, but so tru e ! We suggest this charm ing split level i home w ilt w arm your heart. 4 be­ d ro o m s and p le n ty of ro o m to ro o m . Y o u 'll w a n t to see th is b e a u tifu lly la n d s c a p e d h o m e priced at *49,9oo. today! 

344-62o7, 684-433o A n y tim e 

M oving! Owner m ust sell! Lovely 
4-2-2, p riv a c y fence w ith shade trees. Large sunny kitchen, walk to elem. Convenient to UTSA and 
M ed C e n te r. 33o,ooo o r m a ke otter. 69o-1542 
NEAR DOWNTOWN. 3 bedrooms, 
$45o down, 3*48 mo. 
696-742o SLATER R LTY 344-o9 36 
N E A R ST. M A R Y ’ S ...fr e s h ly painted, I bedroom cottage w ith form al living, dining rooms. P ret­ ty, treed yard! 
*17,95o. 
REALTORS 
696-4811 

Guy Chipman Co 

NEAR UTSA 

SPACIOUS COUNTRY LIVIN G between UTSA, USAA. and Med 
School. 4% acres w ith b e a u tifu l view, sw im m ing pool, la rg e oak frees, 5 bedrooms, 2' i baths, tire place, 3ooo sq.ft. tile roof, plus I bdrm opt and stables. 313o,ooo. 
696-2627, 696-5515 

S P L IT M A S T E R S U IT E 
...PLUS 2 w allpapered bedrooms, in this spacious home, COLONIES 
NO RTH A R E A ! F o rm a l liv in g co m b in a tio n ...bea m ed and c a r­ p e te d fa m ily ro o m w ith f ir e ­ place... bu ilt-in sl Double garage with sm all office. $46,25o 
69o-98o2 
GREAT AMERICA 
REALTORS 

SPRING FERVOR 
Are you a round peg In a square home? Need m ore livin g space? 
Come look at this 24 ft. den and se p a ra te liv in g , 3 b e d ro o m , 2 bath, dbl garage. Assume $2o2 
SANDISON R E A LT Y 
699-92o1 

 p i 
PERSONALITY PLUS! 
This if n«w ort tis# m a rie o f s o to k o a lo o k ! 
CaftMMlrat colling, largo d&n w ith f ire p la c e and g o rg e o u s n ew c o m e t . F o rm a l dining o r living, equity and assume. 
N ites 8 2 6 - 7 6 6 8 . 
MINT CONDITION 
, I m m t x u ia t . o n d ip a d o iH d e scrib e * f ilii 4 - 2 - 2 M o u l y 
In L a k e s id e , lo w e q u ity a n d o l i v i n e 
$ 3 2 4 
. m o n th ly p a y m e n t !. 
Th i i w o n 't la it lo n g . M ite I 6 3 6 - 4 7 8 1 . 

DAY OB NIOHT 
6 5 3 -6 8 4 8 

 in cu r fiM V 
| * » a u f h w r » * » f r e n l t t j 

Page I 3-C 

214 HOUSES SOUTHEAST 

P O TEN TIAL INCOME 
SX EE TH IS SPOTLESS B E A U ­ 
T Y ! Lovely w e ll-kept y a rd ond home. M ajor thoroughfare 
BR IG HAM R E A LT Y 673-14o1 
122 R a n g e r (D e n v e r H e ig h t* ) 
N ear C lark Ave. 2 bedroom , a ll m a so n ry, fenced, pecan tre e s , owner leaving town Reduced to 
$743o cash. 126-128 R a nger, d u ­ plex, only *565o cosh. 13o Ranger, vacant lot, 5o X 15o'. Reduced to 
31675 cash, 
Kelley. 
732-5719, 
433 6642______________________ s i l t OR T R A D E ’S 
SPACIOUS 3 bedroom , bath ond half, large shode trees 
CORNER, assume, 7 rm s, 318,5oo 
EZ term *. 
LARG E 2 BEDR OO M , detached garage, $13,9oo 923 8493, 534-9476, 
922-6383. M ike A u stin ___________ 
55o2 WALES 
Lovely 3 bedroom, 2 bath home in 
H ig h la n d H ills n e a r s h o p p in g center ond busline. Large fenced backyard. Im m ediate occupancy 
V A a p p ra is e d a t $2o,6oo. F o r viewing, call 342-411$ A N Y T IM E 
WORLDWIDE REALTY 

216 HOUSES SOUTHWEST 

BUY VA 
Clean 3 bedroom home in Rain­ 

 bow Hills. ? Hying areas, lots of 

 carpet, central air-heat, gas 

 fireplace, aluminum siding plus 

 many other special features. 
LOW EQUITY lovely 3 bedroom home with carpeting, range, refrig., and fen­ ced yard located in on areo with easy access to bases, expressway ana schools, low monthly payments 

ADAMS HILL 
Ibis 3 bedroom, 2 both home will go tost Completely equipped k it­ chen and finished garage. 
Assume low interest VA loon 
FOR DETAILS AND VIEWING 
CALL 673-5o83 ANYTIME 
WORLD W ID l Rf ALTY 
V 
— 
✓ 

S U P E R C L E A N , la n d s c a p e d hom e on c o rn e r lo t...h a s 3 be ­ drooms, open livin g area, built-in kitchen breakfast b a r! 
*28,5oo. 
REALTORS 
696-4811 

Buy Chipman Co 

3-2-2, carpet, centra!, garden yd 
736-1766 
828-o665 
734-4117 
WATSON § SON REALTORS 

NEAT AND COTE! 
Does not fully describes this spot less 4 bedroom, 2 bath home. It also has separate fa m ily or TV ro o m , e x tra s to ra g e , lo v e ly landscaped fenced ya rd . E x tra s in clu d e , range, d ish w a sh e r, re frig e ra to r, washer and d rye r. All of this tor only *27,5oo. Coll today! 
684-433o 344-62o7 A n y tim e 
Beanie Owens Co 
Beanie Bwens Co 

D R E A M IN G of m ore spoce? This 4-2Vj-2 ho* it. 
3 fam ily tun areas, sum m er room. 
Parquet floor, carpet. A beauty. 
MAC R E A L ESTATE 828-2521 

BMCHANTED FOREST 
D eligthful 4 bedroom home on a quiet cul-de -sac lo t, V 'i baths, fo rm o l liv in g a n j d in in g , la rg e den, oak tree s galore. 341-72o1, nites 342-o829. Ask for V IR G IN IA 
N IEN DO RFF 
JOHN FLOURNOY IHC 

B UCHA™ FOREST 
D elightful 4 bedroom home on a quiet cul-de -sac lo t, 2'/j baths, I fo rm a l liv in g and d in in g , la rg e den, oak trees galore. 341-72o1, I nites 342-o829. Ask fo r V IR G IN IA { 
N IEN DO RFF 
JOHN FLOURNOY IWC 

FROM S12o,OOO 
3 e s ta te hom es fo r p a r tic u la r people One on c liff location w ith 
52oo sq. ft. a m aster piece of de­ sig n . O ne e x tre m e ly g ra c io u s older home on two acres and one contem porary one story of almost 
33oo sa. ft. on two acres in Hidden 
Forest Estates. Call fo r details. 
349-1436 A n y tim e 
BASSE-WEIIBACHER 
INC, REALTORS 

REALTORS-N. West Ole 

INSPIR ATION H ILLS ! This love­ ly 3 bedroom home on a beautiful 
1o9' X ISO’ lot. M ost room s c a r­ peted, fa m ily room w ith fireplace, covered patio and Ifs all b ric k . i 
*55,ooo. Call 342-3211 A N Y T IM E 
' 

ROSOW & KLINE 
REALTQRS-5o Years of TRUST j 
IN S P IR A T IO N H IL L S - la rg e corner lot- m ain house- adjoining I garage - sepa rate guest house residence 247o sq. ft.- guest house 
63o sq. ft. Shown by appt. 433-3966 i 

REALTORS Bandera Rd. Ofc 

N E W 3-2-1 $26,5oo 
King Size bed tits easily 
VA-FHA. Coll Hurley 
684-8584-(nites 824-1279) A nytim e 

GOT A PA IN T BRUSH? Then you can save a bundle on this 4 be­ d ro o m , 2 b a th , d o u b le g a ra g e home in Forest Oas. E quity and assume $223 mo. 681-o66o 
REO CARPET 

INSPIR ATION H ILLS 
Spacious Red b rick Colonial home on e xtra la rg e lot, m a je s tic a lly overlooking the areo. P rice d for quick sale. 349-1479 
Hector J. Herbeck Inc., Realtors 
*89,5oo! SHAVANO P A R K ! This six m onths old b e a u ty has the yard in and the drapes up. 4 Be­ droom , 3 baliti, I la rge livin g area with vaulted ceiling and firepla ce plus delightful enclosed porch. a c re . O w n e r tra n e fe r r e d . Im ­ m ediate occupancy. 824-o121 

NE W L IS T IN G - G L E N O A K S ! 
Spacious 75% b ric k home, 5 be­ droom s, 3 baths, liv in g -d in in g , fa m ily ro o m w ith c a th e d r a l celling and corner fireplace, fu lly equipped kitchen, Patio covered and screened. N ear W onderland 
Mall, 
M edical 
Center. 
$55,ooo. 
494-7651 

ROSOW A KLINE 
REALTORS-5o Y ears of TRUST 
N O R T H S T A R H IL L S ... 4 be droom , 2 bath home w ith liv in g and fa m ily ro o m s ... has fre s h pa in t, tree s, 18x11 p a tio ! C h u r­ chill High! 
*43,5oo. 
REALTORS 
494-7771 

G REAT BU Y. 4 bd rm *, 2 baths, c a rp e t, b u ilt-fn s , c e n tra l H -A, 
$3,ooo equity. $232 mo. Coll 
IN TE RSTATE 828-o755 til 8 pm 

COUNTRY LIV IN G 
Yet close to city, oft 16o4, 2 veers old, a ll b ric k , 3 b e d ro o m s , V t bath w ith office, fire p la ce in den 
A lm ost an a c re . M id 5o's. C all today we have la rg e selection o close in homes on acreage. 
HELOTES PA R K ESTATES 
New to m a rk e t, cu sto m b u ilt 4 bedroom s, 3 b a th s, w ith abo ut 
24oo sq ft. F ire p la ce in big den, separate livin g and dining , lovely yard w ith Va acre of trees. *77,ooo 
FA IR OAKS 
Fantastic new area w ith fantastic home on 7 acres oft IH IO. 4 be­ drooms, VA baths, big den, 2 fire ­ places, view to r m iles fro m this hill top mansion. O w ner m ust sell. 
W ill a c c e p t $165,ooo in c lu d e s guest house, all iu sf 6 m onths old. 
Century 21 
W hitehead-Holiday 
684-3711_________ 
REALTOR S 

E N C H A N T E D F O R E S T ... o ve r 
4,ooo sq .ft. in a b e a u tifu l 5 be­ d ro o m , 3V* b a th hom e w ith a lovely gazebo in the b a c k y a rd ! 
Form al livin g and dining rooms... fam ily room w ith huge, rock fire ­ place! Shag c a rp e tin g thruout... b u iltin * galore. 
Northeast schools. 
396,8oo. 
REALTO R S 
69-4811 

Buy Chipm an Co 

E Q U IT Y 33ooo, M U S T S E L L 
NOW ! H A V E 
TO S E E T H IS 
L O V E L Y 
3-2-2 
TO 
A P ­ 
PR EC IA TE! 
FOREST 
GLEN. 
684-5987 

HELP!! 
Seller m ust S E LL NOW ! G reat location for this older, 2 bedroom, 
I bath hom e w ith la rg e liv in g area. N ear all schools, shopping and C IT Y BU S. O n ly $16,5oo. 
Vacant. SEE T O D A Y ! 828-6343, eves 735-6714 
Cornelius & Associates 

ROSOW & KLINE oak hills tirmce 
* . 
I.').') Cnnnith lUiih nive. la 
REALTORS-SO Years of TRUST 
3-2-2, Spanish, w ith nice, fenced ya rd , carpeted den, c e n tra l a ir and h e a t. N o rth s id e s c h o o ls . 
339,9So V A -F H A o r assum e low u»» 
I in te re s t note A n n C a rtw ig h t, 
Have you been looking fo r a home f tim in the JEFFER SO N AR EA? lf so, 
6,6 533o' 
PROFESSIONAL REALTY 

TAX REFUND 
3525 bock on your tax? That’s all you need down to buy this 3 be­ droom home w ith den, sep living , form at dining, galley kitchen 
SANDISON R E A LT Y 
699 92o1 

THE OWNER of this b e a u tifu lly kept, la rg e 4 bedroom, in W oodlawn H ills has reduced it to 339,9oo for quick sell. 
Y o u 'll love the la rg e y a rd w ith trees. The spacious separate din- in g and den . 341-72o1, n ite s 
341-8294. REALTORS 
JBHN FLOURNOY ING 
TH OU SAN D 6 A K D... lig h t and spacious, 4 b e d ro o m , 2% b a th home has single livin g areo w ith c orner fire p la c e ... sepa rate d in ­ ing area! Long, long patio! 
362,5oo. 
REALTOR S 
696-4811 

Buy Chipman Co 

T H U N D E R B IR D H ILLS 
Big 2-story on beautiful co m e r lot, 
4-2-2, 21oo sa. ti. of liv in g area, large den, covered patio. G rea t for entertaining. B E T T Y C LA R K , 
REALTOR. 342-4167 

OAK MEADOW - OWNER. Large 
4-2-2, corner lot. *63,9oo. 492-2924 

HE R ITAG E FARM , N.S. Schools, lovely 3-2-2, like new, $45o total m o ve in ! 
H u r r y ! 
922-21 73, 
673-4714, 674-75o9 
PAT MCVEY R E A L ESTATE 

COUNTRY LIVINK 
B eautiful Va ce re w ith huge oak trees. This spacious home has 3 v e ry la rg e b e d ro o m s , 2 baths, separate liv in g roam and dining room , fa m ily room w ith lots of bulft-ins. Double garage, covered patio. M int condition. Only $46,5oo 
Reese Henry 

655-3584 
Realtor 
Nites 
653-7791 

CHURCHILL DISTRICT w lis tin g , close to m a lls < 

3 .4 2 9 3 9 3 

EXPRESS AND N IW S 

C o 

New lis tin g , close to m a lls and schools. 2 story, 4 bedroom b ric k hom e, la rg e fa m ily ro o m w tth cathedral ceilings and firepla ce. 
o7 W. M U L B E R R Y - L o v e ly , Excellent condition. $45,9oo. 
-JVy-l, 2-story stucco hom e in ( 
C A L L 696.3927 
4onte Vista o fte r* a huge enter- ■ 
Binm en! livin g room , fire p la ce , nd separate dining! Owner w ill a rry note! $49,5oo.12o-oo57. 

H E SU M M IT • Quiet cul-de-sac i t to r th is lo v in g ly c a re d fo r 
-s to ry 4-2-2 w ith m a s te r suite own. Built-in china cabinet, fire- lace, custom drapes and 2,ooo q.H.! M arshall H.S.! M id SO's. 
96-8533. 

EFFERSON AR EA - 2 m in. walk 
> Jeff from this im m aculate 3-2-2 lu s 2 c a rp o rts ,liv in g , d in in g , re p la c e deluxe fire p la c e and entral air-heat at 13o Alexander 
Hamilton! *35,5oo. 342-9393. 

334 OAK VISTA - Spacious en- 
>rtainment home w ith one la rge 
V ina area, separate dining, ttre- lace, 2114 sq.ft. and separated ta s te r bed roo m fro m o th e r 3 oorplan! V ery lig h t ond open! 
;i.*oo. 342-9393. 

 rtn n k ilt ti IMO H r n e a iim itm 
ASSOCIATION-BROKE RS 

CHURCHILL DISTRICT 
Im m aculate 2 story, 4 bedroom , b ric k home. Separate liv in g and d in in g plus la rg e fa m ily ro o m w ith fireplace. Close to m alls and schools. 
CALL 494-5227 

A 
W 
O 
" 
* C g 
, 
C IM TO SCHOOL 
Im m a c u la te 3-2-2, fa m ily ro o m b u ilt-in s, c e n tra l h e a t-a ir. O nly 
$29,9oo. Better h u rry ! 
684-6444 
N iles 684-o135 
„ THRILL REALTY 
REALTORS _______ 
MLS 
C.M. FURR CO. 
‘Specializing in Northside Homes* 
7 3 3 -7 1 4 1 ________ 
344-1633 
PLACl TOUR WANT AD 
IN THI I X PRISS H IW S 
CALL 2 3 5 -1 6 6 6 

2-1 CP, stora ge, la rg e lo t, good areo, near stores, schools. $13,5oo 
CASH AS IS. 342-8812. 
C R ES TH A VEN 
Owner tra n sfe rre d and nlust sell this 3 bedroom, 1% bath home. 3 large pecan trees, stora ge shed, great location. *22,5oo. 341-2222 
Anytime. 
Century 21 
RAY T E A L ; R E C T O R S 
CUSTOM B U IL T 2 s to ry hom e has 4 bedrooms (enorm ous mas­ ter s u ite l), 3 fu ll baths I F orm al living dining room plus a fa m ily room w ith a fire p la c e ... e x tra s galore! In O akhaven Heights. 
362,5oo. 
REALTOR S 
494-7771 filly Chipman CP 

Deer run. Lovely 3-lV i-t, builtin*, priced to sell 696-o964 
SCHNITZ R E A L E S TATE 
D E LLV IE W . Just L iste d ! A d ora­ ble cottage. 2 b e d ro o m s, liv in g ro o m , k itc h e n w ith b re a k fa s t area, w a ll to w a ll c a rp e tin g , in m in t c o n d itio n . $21,5oo. C a ll 
342-3211 A N Y T IM E 

M 
A 
M 

ON A W ANT AO 
THI NUMBER TO CALI 
IS 235-1 6 6 6 
I X PRI SS AND N IW S 

ESCAPE TH E O R D IN A R Y in a beautiful, C ontem porary home in 
S ta g e co a ch H ilts ! F ire p la c e , loft...great entertaining areas and an in d o o r g re e n h o u s e ! 2 e n o r­ mous bedroom suites. 
$72,9oo. 
REALTO RS 
696-4811 

Bay Chipman Co 

Heritage Farms 
Beautiful 3 bedroom, 2 bath home w ith s p a c io u s 18x23 t i fa m ily room, covered patio-fenced rear yard. NO C ITY TA XES ! *37,5oo 
828-6343, eves 341-o416 
Cornelius ft Associates 

OFF BA N D E R A RD. 3-1 Va-1, ne down, $2o dosing. 
696-742o SLATER R L T Y 684-6169 

 we- believe this w ill in te re st you also! Call today! 
736-4426 
Beanie Bwens en 
REALTORS-Jefferson Ofc 
JOHN J 3-2-den, IOO down. $195 I mo. 
J A J R E A LT Y 674-8883 A nytim e 
JOHN J H S. • 4 bedroom beauty i 
Only $26o move in. F irs t paym ent I 
June - No credit? O K ! 922-2173, I TATE 732-2918, 732-53SS 
674-75o9, 673-4714 
PAT MCVEY R E A L ESTATE 

O FF BA N D E R A . 3 bedroom s, 2 b o th *, c e n tra l a ir heat. range 
2-car garage. Equity and assume 
$171, 8% int., $26,5oo or best ofter. 
C H A R L E S W A TT S R E A L ES- 

FANTASTIC V A LU E 
New to m a rk e t. S bedroom , 4' j baths, approx 3393 sq ft home with unusual a rc h ite c t. C edar shake roof, large lot, ancient oak trees, 
1SX3o pool. L o ca te d in back of 
UTSA. P riced rig h t at only $98,5oo 
HONEYMOON COTTAGE 
Cute, clean, 2 bedroom , top con­ dition, so conve nient to e ve ryth ­ ing. Between West Ave and Blan­ co Rd. Only $19,6oo. Open term s 
M O N TIC ELLO HGTS 
W olk to Je ffe rso n fro m this ex­ ceptionally nice 2 bedroom home with large rooms. M any nice fea­ tures, fo rm a l liv in g and dining , fireplace, too m any nice features to last. Only 532,5oo 
CONTEM PORARY BEAUTY 
In G len O aks P a rk , 3-2-2 w ith large swim m ing pool. New paint 
In and out. New c a rp e tin g and appliances. Appraised at $5o,2oo 
Conventional 
Century 21 
W H ITE H E A D HO LIDA Y 
341-7115 
REALTORS 

 j H IG H IN O A K H IL L S - M ag- 
I n ific e n t C o n te m p o ra ry b i-le ve l home featuring gourm et kitchen, 
I a rt studio, gom eroom , and 5 be- 
| drooms, 3 baths. Coll for fu rth e r 
* inform ation. 
Tower View Inc. 732-6157 
HIGH U T IL IT Y BILLS ? Low er in this BR IC K e ne rgy-saver home. 
Near M edical Center. Carpeted 3 b e d ro o m , 2 lu x u ry b a th , tire - p la c e d fa m ily ro o m , lo a d s o f built-ins and e xtra s! Assume $287 monthly. 681-o66o. 
REB CARPET 

H O L L Y W O O D 
P A R K BY 
OWNER. 4 bdrm , VA bath, pool. 
M id 8o S, 494-5349. 

FIRST TIM E ON M A R K E T 
• UNIVERSITY HILLS • 
Very appealing b ric k on treed % a c re . 3-2-2, d e n ( F P ) . H ig h beamed ceilings in den and m as­ ter bedroom . S p rin k le r system . 
Many extras. N ear UTSA M edical complex. Only $66,9oo. 826-2347. 
Thelma B. Preissman 
FOREST OAKS 
JUST LIS TE D 
Imm aculate 3-2-2 home plus fa m i­ ly room w ith beam ed cathedral ceilings and fireplace. 824-4571 
Nelson Cory, REALTORS 
FOREST OAKS AREA 
Would you believe only $36,9oo for this privacy-fenced home w ith a bright, open and a iry floorplan? 
Eniov the ((replaced fa m ily room, j 
C entury 21 
Schneider R e a lty _______ 684-72oo 

551 G E N E R A L K R U E G E R 
2 bedroom cu tie w ith bonus I Va story brick studio. New shag c a r-1 pet. Assume this one! Reduce to 
$18,75o. 341-2222 A n ytim e 
I 

HOLLYWOOD PARK 
TR AD IT ION A L -B e a u tifu l liv in g room and dining room , cathedral ceiling in large fa m ily room w ith fire p la c e , 3 b e d ro o m , 2 b a th , covered patio, large corner lot, 
$57,5oo. 
SPAN ISH D E L IG H T -E x e c u tiv e home in new areo of H ollyw ood 
P a rk , la rg e liv in g and d in in g room, plush beige carpet thruout, huge den w ith fireplace and lots of built in *, M aster bedroom has o fireplace w ith sitting area, 3 other bedrooms, 2 bath, sp rin kle r sys­ tem, covered patio, im m ediate occupancy. 
COMPASS R E A LTY 
494-16o1 494-3o12 
HOLLYW OOD PARK 
C O N T E M P O R A R Y ! R ock and 
Cedar 3 bedroom on gorgeous oak cove re d lo t. F a m ily room has i rock w all w ith fireplace. $51,9oo. 
REALTOR 
691-13oo 
C e n tu r y 21 
E L A IN E LUDW IG A ASSOC. 

HOLLYWOOD PARK 
A bedroom rock contem porary on 
’ * treed acres. Living and dining o v e rlo o k gorg e o u s pool. Huge c o u n try k itc h e n , lo w e r le v e l gam eroom w ith fireplace. 
CALL 494-5227 
A rm strong Co 
REALTORS________________ MLS 
Home fo r Sale By O w ner. 5 be- droom , 2 b ath, den and d in in g . 
Braun Station East. 684-o198 for a p p l _________________________ 
IM M A C U LA TE 
L arge 2 bed roo m , 2 bath hom e w ith m a rb le fire p la c e in liv in g room . E ffic ie n c y apt. in re a r of garage. Only $28,5oo. A m ust see! 
732,8111 

JUST LISTED 
2 bd r , ‘off B lanco, nea r E d ison 
H igh, bus and sh o p p in g . O n ly 
$15,ooo. 736-1918. 
H&H REALTY 

Kings Grant Forest 
4-2, separate study, sewing room, trees, beautiful area, corner lot. 
N E ISD, By o w n e r, No a ge nts. 
$78,5oo. 341-oo79 

OFF WEST AVE. E x tra la rge 2 bedroom home. Separate Iivln g - d in in g , 2-car garage on fenced co rn e r lot. G o ve rn m e n t p ric e d u n d e r $18,ooo. Bob T h o m p so n 
341-7693 IN TERSTATE. 
Olmos D rive. Neat and clean, a re a l ch a rm e r. 2 bed roo m , den, dining room, pretty kitchen, g a r­ age, workshop. VA, FH A. Coll 
Ann 
ERA 
532-31o7 
JACK MITCHELL 
Realtor 
648-33o7 

LARGE F A M ILY ? this has room for all. 4 bedrooms, g ig a n tic g am e ro o m . Den has fire p la ce , fo rm a l liv in g ond d in ­ ing. Plus sewing room. P ark like g round s. H om e of M rs . C lean. 
Call Beth Tate. 
341-9166 A N Y T IM E 
C e n tu r y 21 
HOWARD TA TE REALTORS 
Large 5 Room Home 
OH Blanco, good condition, dining, deep lot, VA appt. $15,25o 
341-4455 
REALTORS 
735-2276 
BARNEBEY AGENCY 

OWNER w ill lake 2nd lien on 1 j of 
$28oo equity in H e ritag e F arm s 
3-2-2. Assume $258 mo. 337-6613 
PARK FOREST-IN THE 5o s 
C harm ing Spanish C ontem porary 
(I years new! 
E ntry courtyard, cathedral ceiling, d e ligh tful jlu a l fireplace, p rivacy fence ond mush more. 824-3233, 826-7314, 826-oo49 
Mazie Sale Hill, Realtors 
P R E T T Y 
S E T T IN G ; h u g e grounds ot age old oaks. A ttra c ­ tive older rock 3-2-2-den, exciting fe a tu re s fo r new d e c o r. NS schools. 824-45o7 
REQUA REALTY CO 

TRADE HOMES! 
5 4 3 SPLIT BEDROOMS! 
4-3 BATHS! 
Let your home equity be the 1o% or 2o% down paym ent! 8’/a% now! 
Going up???? 8 models open dai­ ly ! Callaghan at Vance Jackson! 
MIKE KINDER BLDR 
696-833o 
T R A D IT IO N A L B E A U T Y ! ll s the perfect home fo r fa m ily living. 
M other w ill a p p re cia te the w ell planned kitchen w ith accent on lots of cabinet space and built-ins. 
There are 3 bedrooms, o spacious dining room and livin g room and th a t s o m e th in g e c tra c a lle d a 
G arden Room. C h u rc h ill School a re a and c o n v e n ie n t to m a lls. 
Pool and tennis court priveleges are available. 494-7651 A N Y TIM E 
ROSOW ft KLINE 
REALTQRS-5o Years of TRUST I 
T ra n s fe rre d ” C o lo n ie s N o rth 
(S u m m it A re a ). 4-2-2, 2 s to ry , fo rm a l liv in g d in in g a re a , c a r­ pets, drapes, fa m ily room w ith fireplace, built-ins, patio, Uhced y a rd . M ust see to a p p re c ia te ! 
*55,ooo. 696 8533, 342-9393 

IN D IA N CREEK BEAUTY! 
Priced well below market volue. this extremely nice 3 bedroom home is in MINT CONDITION' 
Designed for family living, the double fireplace separates the conversation areo from the TV area and the extra large family room OR sit outside in the even ing on the large covered patio. 
Offered at $24,15o. 

LA C K lA N D -K tllY -LO W FOUHY 
Only $23oo equity buys this 3 bedroom home with monthly payment of only $173! located in the Indian Creek area, this home is in excellent condition and many extras including the roomy m f brei fast area and fenced yard 

NAYLO R REALTY 

GALLERY OF HOMES 
691-1121 656-552o 
341-9191 

HOT WELLS 
I Lovely little 2 bedroom starter I 
I home for young family. Children can wolk safely to school. Nice paneled den with pass-thru win­ dow to kitchen. Utility room. 
I $16,5oo. Nites 656 758o 
NAYLOR REALTY 
GALLERY OF HOMES 
*56 552o 
491-1121 
341-9191 

B R IN G P A IN T B R U S H - NO T 
CASH! no down 3 bedroom , new roof, only *125 month. No credit? 
Ok! 922-2173, 673-4714, 674-75o9 
PAT MCVEY R E A L ESTATE 
BY OWNER - 138 CONEY 2 be­ droom , I bath in H ighland H ills. 
BIG patio, fenced, range. 312,5oo. 
927-7463. 

NoTICF IO HOMIOWNERS 

We have a large demand io r 4 and 3 bedroom hom er neor lackland, Kelly, 
Medina Arear and outlying d rtlrrc lt 
We tp a ria liie in IH * - V* • taiwan 
Clonal (m ooring 
P erro w jtiied tenure vc ilk a compony ( h a lt ON TOP o l Ihe m a rie !1 Call toaay far tree m arket ap protect ai your properly 

675-285o 
DEANIE 
OWENS CO. 
KULTOtS—M IS 

S. W e s t. O ft. 

Bv O wner 3-1-CP, all brick, *1,2oo equity A fter 5:3oPM 674-8259 
B Y O W N E R : 3-1-1, 324 F A IR 
VIEW *15,ooo 661 5567 
Dellcrest, all b ric k , corner lot, 
3-2-2. 
LEON ARD , REALTORS 
333 o64o_________________ 661 3322 
35oo down, 3 bdrm , clean, central air, fenced home, close Southpaw 
M oll SI79 mo 732-3o17 oft 5:3o 
E a stw ood V illa g e , 3 b e d ro o m , w all-w all carpet, central a ir and heat. 
LEONARD, REALTORS 
: 333-o64o_________________ 661-3322 

Everything You’ve Warned 
A d re o m house a v a ila b le th ru owners tronster. Swim m ing pool, bu ilt-in kitchen , double c a r g a r­ age, m aster suite is fabulous. Call 
Sherrie Legnon 533-7163, 333-63E8 
BOB JONES, REALTORS 
KEY GROUP 

Highland Hills, 1o3 H artford 3 11. 
Corner Lot. *14,7oo. 534 5344 or 
337-4334. 

AA AAA AAA BEAU TY 
H E R IT A G E F A R M 
N o th in g j down, anyb ody can buy 
3-2-2, 
I sunken liv in g room . fire p la c e , j private fence, and more. *44,275 
I 674-6126________RAE Reol E nate 
AAA BARGAIN 
I From 32oo to S3Oo total move in. 3 
I or 4 bedroom s. P a ym en ts less 
I than rent. 
674-6124________ RAE Real Estate 
A B O U T 32o T O T A L COST TO 
MOVE IN. clean 3 bedroom, any one con buy. 
674-6126________ RAE Real Estate 
9.2 ACRES with 417' frontage on 
FM 14o4 neo r P o tranco Rd In ­ vestment potential. 2 Bedrooms. I both, IO year old house Gas tank, well with pump and tank Septic tank. Good b a rb e d w ire fence. 
H ighland Hills. A must see b ric k 3 j 371,7oo. Call 342-3211 A N Y T IM E bedroom, giant living area, 2 full baths, stove, dishwasher, central heat ond air. VA, FHA. Call Ann 
ERA 
532-31o7 
JACK MITCHELL 
Realtor 
648-33o7 

2 + TWO + 2 + TWO 
2 parents + 2 boys + 2 cars w ill all fit in this 2-story w ith too much. 
4 bedroom. 3' 7 bath, electric g a r­ age plus fireplace. SO's. 
SANDISON R E A LT Y 
699 92o1 
WE DO IT A LL 
Find you o lot, build your dreom house, get all financing, and sell your present home. 
349-1479 
AN YTIM E. 
Hector J. Herbeck Inc., Realtors 

H IG HLAND HILLS 
$16,5oo 
You don't need o lot of money to becom e the ow ner of lin s 2 be­ d ro o m hom e. A g re a t s ta rte r home. 824-o171 
RED CARPET 
REALTORS 

LARGE SW IM ING POOL 
L a rge home w ith 5 o r m ore be­ droom s, 2.7 acres tre e covered h ill. IO m inutes n o rth of UTSA. 
A vailable im m ediately. 698-21o7 
B IL L PRICE RE A LT Y 

LEON VALLEY 
3-2-2, carpeted, large living area, 
5 m in to M edical Center, 14oo Sa 
Ft. 336,7oo 681-3327. no ogents. 
LEON V A LLE Y - By owner. 3-2-2, separate livin g and dining, fa m ily ro o m w ith fir e p la c e , d in e tte , c o ve re d p a tio , p riv a c y fe n ce , carpet, drapes. 348,5oo. 684-1437 

PRICE REDUCED ! 27o3 Castan­ et, oft of Vance Jackson, north of 
Loop 41o. B eautiful 4 bedroom s, 
2',a baths, form al dining, spacious living room, paneled fa m ily room w ith firepla ce, new g ou rm et k it­ chen with pantry, plus game room 
25x14. Custom drapes and carpets included. (296o sq.ft. p er N o rth side School Tax O ffice ). L a n d s­ ca p e d y a rd w ith o a k tre e s . 
369,9oo. 824-o121 A N Y T IM E 
ROSOW ft KLINE 
REALTORS-SO Years of TRUST 

W H IS P E R IN G 
O A K S ! 
T h i s ’ charm ing, spacious home has 4 bedrooms, 3Va d e co ra to r baths, i 
The c o m b in a tio n liv in g -d in tn g 1 room area is com plim ented by a 1 large den w ith wet b ar and fire ­ place. High ce ilin g s, sky lig h ts, many other features. Outside en­ tra n ce to gam e room , co ve re d patio, profession ally landscaped yard, 342-3211 A N Y T IM E 
ROSOW ft KLINE 
REALTORS-SO Years of TRUST 

WHISPERING OAKS 
Va a c re of p a rk lik e g ro u n d s , privacy and prestige, 2ox4o pool, 
4 bedrooms, 2' a baths, features such as S atilla tile , wood plank flo o rs, and F re n ch d o o rs ! add rustic charm to the home. To see please call 69o-922o, 492-1231 

H IG HLA N D PARK 
Spacious 2 bedroom w ith double g arage , liv in g and d in in g plus fam ily room, patio and G arpet thruout. 
532 3252 
NITES 533-8446 
C e n tu r y 21 
W A K E F IE LD REALTORS 

JUST TAKE A LOOK of th is e qu ity. 3 bed roo m s, I Va bath, c e n tra l a ir-h e a t, a ttach ed garage w ith many e xtra s in the 
Highland Hills area Sherrie Leg- non 533-7163, 333-6328 
BOB JONES, REALTORS 
KEY GROUP 

242 KO EH LER COURT 
N e a r M c C re le s * . C o m p le te ly redone 3 bedroom , ce n tra l heat and air, fenced, garage. E xcellent term s, no down to Veterans. 
341-8134 ' 
ABDO 
494-3229 
NEAR EAST C E N T R A L H IG H . 
I 4-2-2, central heat, nice home on 
I 1.347 acres. Call now. 
333-4144 
Nites 333-6143 

 i Leon V a lle y, b a u tifu l ca th e d ra l 
I style, 3 o r 4 bedroom , a ll b ric k 
, with view. 
M ust See! 
341,7oo. i 681-o186 

LESS THAN $2o 
' is all the cash you w ill need, an­ yone con buy, 3 4 bed roo m s, 2 b a th s, som e w ith a ir arid up oliances. 
Payments less than rent. 
BOB DePAOLO i 344-3o91______________ REALTOR 
3-2-2, lik e new, low e q u ity , im - 
! mediate occupancy, all appl tu rn t in la rg e k itc h e n , w a lk to pool- 
' school <94-2163. 

LISTEN TO THIS! 
A tremendous home buy! For on­ ly *44,9oo, you have 3 bedrooms, 
2' a baths and a study. Large den w ith fireplace, form al dining, and a m aster bedroom suite 24x2o ft. •, 
M any other e xtra s. D o n't w a lt! 
681-3222, nites 435-4488. 
B IL L SOUTHERN REALTOR 

PRICE R ED U C ED 
SHENANDOAH 
4-2-2 w ith cu rve d d riv e , fo rm a l liv in g room , huge fa m ily room , w ith v a u lte d c e llin g a n d f ir e ­ place! Covered patio and p rivacy fe n c e d y a rd . 
N e a r 
U S A A ! 
G REAT BUY AT 34o,SOO 
69o-98o2 
GREAT AMERICA 
REALTORS 
Pride of the Builc 
Art 
Custom 5 bedroom, 2’ n, w ith a lm o s t 3ooo s q .tt. . . e v e ry im ag in a b le lu x u ry e x tra s , (ro m the m assive stone firepla ce to the p ro fe s s io n a l la n d s c a p in g . M id 
7o‘S. 681-o66o. 
RED CARPET 

 f r g g j ’ i FAMILY REALTY 
IN THI tXPRISS NIWS 
CALL 225-1666 
IS 2 2 5 - 1 6 6 6 
E XP R E SS A N D N E W S 

C O O KING FOR TH E H O M E of y o u r d re a m s? See th is 3-2-den b ric k n e o r USAA and M e d ic a l 
Center. V ery p re tty, unusual fine features fo r low m aintenance, too la rg e fo r o w n e r. R e d u c e d to 
$52,SOO. 824-65o7 
REQUA REALTY CO 

BILLY FELLOWS Century i i 

I U U I I U I I I U m u l l 
SO U T H E A S T R F A C T O R S 
WOODLAWN HILLS 
Older home, 3-2-2, recently decor­ ated on Va a c re . L a rg e peca n tre e s . C o n v e n ie n t to M e d ic a l 
C e n te r, U T S A a n d s h o p p in g center. 494-3541 
DALE R ILE Y R E A L ESTATE 
KEY GROUP 

NEAR MCCRELESS 
O nly $14,5oo to r th is nice 2 be ­ droom w ith attached garage and new root. No down VA, call today 
532-3252 
NITES 333-4S13 
C e n tu r y 21 
W A K E F IE LD REALTORS 

YOU W IN 
W e’ll s e ll y o u r hou se fo r 6% . 
349-1479 A N Y TIM E 
Hector J. Herbeck Inc., Realtors 

214-KUBES SOUTHEAST 

Bargain Hunters Saecial 
No down paym ent to anyone 3-4 bedrooms, 2 baths, some w ith air and appliances, firs t paym ent in 
June. 
BOB DePAOLO 
532 5251 
REALTOR 

4335 RAMSGATE 
E x tra s ! E x tra s ! B e a u tifu l 4 be droom s, 2 baths, fo rm a l d in in g , huge fa m ily ro o m , liv in g ro o m w ith fire p la c e , c a rp e ts, drapes, c e n tra l a ir, b e a u tifu lly la n d s ­ caped, convenient to Med Center and USAA. $48,ooo. 
BUDDY DECKER 8247361 

3 bed roo m , B e lla ire , s e ll-tra d e e q u ity, E. C e n tra l-K lrb y a re a , term s open. 648-3S82, 922-3624. 

IS 23S -1666 
EXPRESS AND NIWS 

BELLAIRE 
3 bedroom s, fa m ily room , la rg e fenced y a rd , $16,9oo. R o b e rta 
White S33-7T63, 333-8763 
BOB JONES, R EALTO R S 
KEY GROUP 

Nice 3 bedroom house, on la rge lot Owner Finance, Little Down, 
923-7858. 
OFF G EVERS. Needs repairs. 2 bed roo m . Low e q u ity , m o n th ly paym ents $47, 9% in terest, to ta l p rice $4,ooo C H A R LE S W ATTS 
R E AL ESTATE 732-2918, 712-5355, 
228-91o4. 
O FF H A C K B E R R Y , o w n e r tin onced, la rg e 2 bed roo m house, p le n ty of y a rd . $12,ooo. B E L L 
REALTORS 222 9495 

ROSOW A KLINE 
REALTORS 5o Years pl TRUST 

A R E A OF L A C K L A N D - I b e ­ droom bea uty - O nly SISO Iota! move in ! Like new - No credit? No p ro b le m * 
H u r r y 
922-2173, 
674-75o9, 673-4714 
PAT MCVEY R E A L ESTATE 
B A R G A IN D E A L 
52oo On, 3 bdrm *, appliances. July 1st p ym t 
696-742o SLATER R LTY 684 6169 
B E A U T IF U L 3 BEDROOM home, I Va bath, carpet, a ir and appliances. 
$218 mo 
675-1691, 
621-572o, 
POINTER R E AL ESTATE 
4 BEDROOMS, 2 baths, large lot. 
1o% dow n, to ta l p ric e S II,SOO. 
C H A R L E S W A T T S R E A L E S ­ 
TATE 732-2918, 712-S1SS, 
3 BEDROOMS, 11 a baths, 2 a ir units, range, covered patio, c a r­ peted liv in g room . Low e q u ity , m onthly paym ents $169, $19,2oo. 
C H A R L E S W A T T S R E A L E S ­ 
TATE 732 2918, 732 S35S. 
BE H IN D PENN EYS - 3 bedroom , 
I VS b a th , lik e new. $2oo dow n. 
F irs t paym ent June No C redit? 
No Problem ! 922*2173, 673^714, 
674-75o9 
PAT MCVEY R E AL ESTATE 
B E LLA IR E 
3 bedroom home in stable neigh­ borhood. C onvenient to schools and shopping centers. Open term s 
923-5911 
F RANK R GONZALES, Realtor 
B E LLA IR E 
Vacant and ready to move in. A ll carpeted 3 bedroom plus a w o rk­ ro o m ond s to ra g e ro o m . 
E q u ip p e d k itc h e n a n d o n ly 
$21,ooo 684-72oo 
CENTURY 21 Schneider Realty 
B E LL REALTORS 222 9495 3-2 a com plete hom e, c a rp e t, a ir ap plionce* Near base. S2So move in 
3-1 V a-conver te d g a ra g e in 
W e stw o o d V illa g e . Can h o v e e ith e r 4th bedroom o r den. Ap p lia n c e s , la rg e c o v e re d a n d screened p a tio . S to ra g e shed, la rge trees. E q uity and assum e payments of $234. 
C e n tu r y 21 
R R RANSOM R E A LT Y 673 77o1 
COZY 'N CUTE. 3 bedrooms, ap pliances, beautiful carpet. $2oo dn. 
696-742o SLATER R LTY 698-2116 

O FF R IG S B Y 
3 b e d ro o m , baths, den, covered patio, central h e a t-a ir, double gaage E q u ity , m onthly paym ents $19o, 7Va VA, 
$26, SOO. 
D o n 't d e la y , b u y today—tom orrow w ill be tao late. 
C H A R L E S W A T T S R E A L E S ­ 
TATE 732-2918, 732-S3SS. 

DON'T MISS THIS S T E A L! 
3-2-2, fir e p la c e , c a th e d r a l c e ilin g s , la n d sca p e d y a rd and huge m a s te r b e d ro o m . S h o w ­ p la c e ! No d o w n , no c lo s in g . 
Anyone buys! 
BR IG HAM R E A LT Y 673 14o1 
3oo7 
F a ir 
M e a d o w s , n e w ly redecorated, only $13,5oo, fa v o ra ­ ble VA term s 
924-42o9 A L L R E A LT Y S33-79B7 
3-1 v> t, fa m ily room . S171 mo plus equity. Lackland-K elly. 673-274o 

3 or 4 Btrm-MM 
B rick trim , 19oo san. ca rp e t central, corner, trees, 648-o873 
828-o665 
736-1764 
734-4117 
WATSON 8. SON RE ALTO R S 
3734 P ortsm outh, 3 bedroom , pa ­ tio. $1S,7So. 333-261$ 

IN IHE EXPRESS NEWS 
CALL 225-1666 

I H I N U M BER to CALL 
IS 225 1 6 6 6 
E XP R E SS A N O N IW S 

H A R L A N D A L E A R E A S m all 3 room house w ith carport on nice lot. S6Soo 923-4327, 924-2922 
’ Ronald Williamson 
H U R R Y ! O nly 385o dow n w ith good credit. 2 bedroom hom e on 
W hitm an. *9o mo. 696-o964 
SCHNITZ R E A L ES TATE 
"IM M A C U L A T E '' 
‘ 3 bedroom, I bath, single garage h o m e . 2 a ir u n its , ra n g e a n d fenced y a rd m a n be assum ed or ow n e r w ilt c a r ry p a y m e n ts ot i SI 52. 
C a ll 
N O W ! 
K E L L E Y 
. R E A LT Y 433-6642. 

P a g e I 4 - C 
San Antonio EXPRESS-NEW S— Sunday April 17, 1977 
726 5tBURg*W PBOPEBTY 
??« RESOffT PROPEBTIES 

??6 SUEilHBAW PROPERTY 

4 M rn Westwood Village Carpet, ra n g e , d ish w a sh e r, w a te r s o f­ tener. M a n y trees. E q u ity and a ssu m e paym ents of $261.5o. 

??S - SUBURBAN PROPERTY 

Century 21 
R R. R A N S O M R E A L T Y o73-77o1 
JU S T O L O E N O U G H 
TO B E A B A R G A IN ! 
3 bed room , 3 both, doub le c a r aerage, with range and re frig e r­ ator. cent air-heat, fenced yard 
Call N O W m ove in M A Y ! K E L ­ 
L E Y R E A L T Y , 433-oo41 
L a c k la n d A re a • beautiful 4 b e ­ d ro o m , O n ly $15o d o w n . N o 
Credit? O.K.! H U R R Y ! 922-2173, 
473-4714, 474-75o7 
P A T M C V E Y R E A L E S T A T E 

LACKLAND KELLY Assume 
3-1-2, patio, fence, no city tax 
734-1744 
828-o445 
734-4117 
W A T SO N ft SO N R E A L T O R S 
L A C K L A N O - K E L L Y A R E A , well m ain tained 4 ye a r old hom e. 3 bedroom, 2 bath, and garden kit­ chen, carpeted throughout. Low equity and take over paym ents of 
$143. 474-5411 
REO CARPET 

L a c k la n d T e rra c e . B y O w ner. 
1 o o % sto n e , 3-2-2 + c a r p o r t , covered patio, central heat- air, m any closets. Attractive corner, 
Ig fenced yord , b e arin g pecan tree, w a lk to sc h o o ls. $28,ooo 
Term s. 484-4o4o 

LESS THAN S2o is all the cash you will need, an­ yone ca n buy. 3-4 b e d ro o m s, 2 b a th s, so m e w ith a ir a n d appliances. Paym ents less than rent. 
BO B D e P A O LO 
532-5251 
R E A L T O R 
»•« L O M A P A R K *♦ * 
4 bedroom. 2 bath, needs re pair. 
N othing down to an yo n e !! Hab- lam os Espanol 
923-19o4 
A R C IN IE G A R E A L T Y 
LO W E Q U IT IE S ? 
We have them from 
$4oo up. 
N o credit. 
No qualifying! 
J A J R E A L T Y 474-8883 Anytim e 

•MCCAULEY-BRICK* 
Beautiful 3 bedroom , se p a ra te dining. V A -P H A 
N O R T H S IO E R A L T Y 
734-o772 
732-o941 

REQUEST FOR BIDS TO 

PURCHASE REAL ESTATE 

The City of San Antonio, 
City Public Service Board, re­ quests bids to purchase for cash the land described below. The propetty to be conveyed subject to reserved permanent utility easements ond sale is subject to securing release al recorded indenture and authoriiation of sale by 
City ordinance, location just inside east city limits line of Elmen­ dorf, Texas with frontage or. TM 1518 and frontage on Kilowatt Rood. Being 
27.28 acres out of a tract containing 
46.48 acres out of the Jose de la 
G ana 
Grant, 
Abstract 
No. 
4, 
County 
Block 
4o45, Bexar County, Tex­ as. 
Anyone interested in pur­ chasing this property should call the undersigned so bid­ ding instructions and map con be moiled to them. 
Seoled bids for the pur­ chase of the property will be received by the undersigned until IO o'clock a.m. Thursday the 5th day of May, 1977 at which time the some will be opened and read. 
Right is reserved to reject any or all bids. 

M C C O L L U M A R E A Redecorated 
3 b e d ro o m , IV * b a th , d e n , on 
9ox24o ft. lot. Be sure you see this one 923-4327, 349-8453 
Ronald Williamson 
M C C O L L U M , 4 b e d ro o m , ju st 
•edecorated, excellent condition. 
Under $17,ooo. No down VA. 
H U G H E S ft B R IS C O E 
924-4331 
R E A L T O R S 
333-9358 
N E A R K E L L Y . Lorg e 3 bedroom , corner lot, near us. 
924-4525 
H A S K IN S R E A L T Y 
N E A R K E N N E D Y HI 
No down la anyone. Coll now for details. 349-1479 
Hector J. Herbeck Inc., Realtors 
O E F G E N E R A L M C M U L L E N 
O lder type hom e with la rg e be­ droom s. Central a ir and heat - 
P iu s 2 b e d ro o m a p a rtm e n t in rear Open terms. 
923-5911 
F R A N K R. G O N Z A L E S , Realtor 
O F F G IL L E T T E . 3 bedroom s, I Vi baths, separate dining, low equi­ ty, m o n th ly 515o, in te re st 8 % , 
$14,5oo or best ofter. C H A R L E S 
W A T T S R E A L E S T A T E 732-2918, 
732-5355, 228-91o4, 732-7184. 
O F F M E D I N A B A S E R D . 4 b e­ droom, attached carport, central h e o t-o ir, ro n g e , re fr ig e ra t o r , dishw asher. Low equity, m onthly p a y m e n ts $157, 7>/j%, $19,4oo. 
C H A R L E S W A T T S R E A L E S ­ 
T A T E 732-2918, 732-5355.__________ 
O F F S O U T H C R O S S . 2 bedroom , e q u ity a n d a s s u m e $88, 8 % , 
$13,5oo. C H A R L E S W A T T S R E A L 
E S T A T E 
732 2918, 
732-5355, 
228-91o4. 
O N S A U N D E R S ••• 
Nothing down to anyone!! 3 be­ droom, separate dining. Close to everything. 
$14,95o. 
H oblm os 
Espanol. 
923-19o4 
A R C IN IE G A R E A L T Y 

C .H . O s w a l d 
C it y P u b lic 
S e r v ic e B o a r d 
1 4 5 N a v a r r o S t r e e t 
S a n A n t o n io , T e x a s 
7 8 2 9 6 
T e le p h o n e ( 5 1 2 ) 
2 2 7 - 3 2 1 1 , f x t . 2 7 4 

226 SUBURBAN PSOPIRH 

* DEVINE. TEXAS 
72 acres, 2 bedroom, 2 both, plus bonus room, family room with fireplace, formal living and dining room, lorge kitchen, srith wet bor ond large breakfast oreo. 2 cor garage with finished workshop. 
Just outside of city. 
Very desireable for family with horses or other stock Excellent develop ment potential. Come see and moke offer! 

★ MOCKINGBIRD LANE 
3 bedroom, 2 both formol living room, large kitchen and dining room, plus 3o ft family room large shaded lot. lots of spore for low 3o s. 

★ 3 bedrooms, I both, I cor goroge, very deon and nice home for refired or beginners. 
Wedgewood Mid 2o s. 

★ A large mobile home, set up on Vt acre 3 bedrooms, 2 baths, lorge game room ond utility room, large detached goroge 

Two 
1ox6 metal storoge buildings. 
Very attractive, beautiful trees. 
Rossville 
Rd 
518,5oo 

349-5111 
349-3535 

DEANIE 
OWENS CO. 
RUITORS— M IS 

N. Central Ofc. 

J 

ACREAGE SIZE 
HOMESITES 

6-1o acre tracts, located 
2o minutes from downtown. Nice trees on mony sites. Attractive financing. Take IH 37 South, to 
1518 Turn right ond follow rood to sign • Spanish Gront Sub­ division. 
Salesman on duty weekends 2 p.m. til dark. 
344-62o7 
684-433o 

DEANIE 
OWENS CO. 
REALTORS— MUS 

N. West Ofc. 

 f 
BEAUTIFUL L A N D ^ ^ 
68 ACRES with Medina lake front. Ideal for homesite, SSS per front ft. 
385 
ACRES overlooking 
Medina River Basin. $125o per ocre. 
7 SMAIL TRACTS from 4 to 
52 acres with owner finan- cmg. 
BOB MCGINNIS 
REALTORS 

1 3 4 9 - 1 1 2 1 
-— ~nr -I rrx.XTmrrinnn: 

RIVER TRACTS 
ARENT CHEAP 
But 
TERMS ARE 
GOOD! 

I VS to 2 ceres, on Guadalupe 
River, good building site, good waler access, from $15,ooo. 
NBG REAL 
ESTATE 
7 3 3 - 1 3 o 9 

APT BUIES? 
Enjoy country living privacy, bv owner, large mobile home on Vs acre, garage, w orkshop, patios, trees! Fe n ce d , IH IO NW . Sh a g carpet, dishw asher, double oven. 
$23,9oo. 498-24o4 eves. 
________ 
IO B E A U T IF U L A C R E S • With road, well, electricity and septic tank. IS m inutes N orth of 16o4. 
$35,5oo . 653-2883. 
B e a u tifu l 1.3 a c re s northw est, utilities oak, coll 484-277o.________ 

SAVE $2ooo 
V A appraised at 545,ooo. Decorat­ ed 5 bedroom, 2 bath, den. 2477 sa. ti Close to schools and bases. No down to Vets and Active Duty. 
543,ooo. 
C E N T U R Y 21 
Ketty-Lockland Realty 
674-1211 
T H IS W E E K S S P E C IA L ! 
2939 O w a sso . O ff S o m e rs e t. 2 large bedroom s, owner will help finance. M u st sell. $85oo. R o u g h 
Rider Realty, 654-7131 
_ 
Three bedroom, 2 both hom e plus d u p le x and a d io ln in g lot w ith com m ercial potential. G reat for live-in sm all business, particular­ ly auto related. N e a r K e lly on busy Street. 494-7651 A N Y T IM E 

B O E R N E 
R O C K 
H O M !, 
3 -2 -2 , o n tre e - c o v e ro d knoll, 3 .8 9 o c r t i, m o n y sp e cial fe a tu re s. $ 7 9 ,9 o o . 
C O U N T R Y 
H O M E S , 
3 - 2 - 2 , w ith v ie w s, u n d er con stru ction , clo se - in. Rock o n d b rick , fire p la c e s, on 
4 an d 
5 aero tracts. 
Price 
$ 5 3 ,9 o o . 
L A R G E 
A C R E A G E , u p to 
3 2 o acres, In K e n d a ll a n d 
B a n d e ra 
C o 's. $ 9 5 o ocre up. 
S M A L L A C R E A G E T rac ts in M o u n ­ tain Spring form s. 

Hill COUNTRY REAITY 
424 Main St., Boerne, Tx 
(512) 249-2o31 Collect 

IO beautiful hill cou ntry a cre s, 
585o down paym ent, $132.59 per month. Ow ner will finance. Please call 734-9363 
_____ 

BOERNE AREA 
IS A cres with oak shaded building site, convenient to IH-1o, all util. 
Stock, pond, new b a m and coastal fields. 
ED MERGELE CO. 
R E A L T O R S 
1o5 Saunders, Boerne, T x 
249-3526, 
249-284o, 
249-8244 
S A. direct line 824-9112 

ROSOW & KLINE 
R E A L T O R S-5 o Y e a rs of T R U S T 
$2o T O T A L C O iT to m ove In 3 bedroom s, appliances. Ju ly pvmt. 
694-742o S L A T E R R L T Y 344-o934 
$2o T O T A L M O V E IN - 3 bedroom , 
I bath, air, patio, only $2o,275! 
First Paym ent J U L Y ! 
222-9616TERRA R E A L T Y 2 4 H R S 
T R A N S F E R R E D -O W N E R 
A N X IO U S 
Super clean and beautiful carpet­ ing. The best 3-2-1 buy in town! 
P ic k u p equity on low m o n th ly paym ents. Separate den plus for­ mal living room, fully equipped kitchen 
B R IG H A M R E A L T Y 673-14o1 

5 ACRES AND UP 
Texas Veterans L an d Avail 
344-6268 
923-5844 
695-3113 
CONNALLY 

BOERNE IR M 
R A N C H S T Y L E R O C K 4-2-2 With I large living area on 4.4 oak stud­ ded acres with a view of the su r­ rounding hill country. $85,ooo. 

M O D E R N B R IC K 3-2 with separ­ ate dining room on large fenced lot in city. 539,5oo. 

R E A L E S T A T E INC. 
2o A cre s at $695 ocre. off 281N, 
P retty oaks, e xcellen t hunting. 
Jim Ashley Real Estate 684-4276 

Valley Hi Area, close to bases and schools, 3 bedroom, IV? bath, ca r­ port. 8x1o storage shed, fenced yard. A ssu m e paym ents of $132. 
Equity $45oo 473-3237 
V A L L .E Y -H 1. 3 bedroom s, large fa m ily room , ce n tra l h e a t-a ir, doub le carp o rt, ra n g e , re frig , m onthly paym ents 5138, $'« int., 
$26,ooo. C H A R L E S W A T T S R E A L 
E S T A T E 
732-2918, 
732-5355, 
228-91o4. 
_______ __ 
W E M O V E 'E M F A S T ! 
List with the O L O R E L IA B L E S '. 
W e've sold out our inventory 
B R IG H A M R E A L T Y 673-14o1 
W E S T W O O D V I L L A G E 
3 be droom s, den, central air. $2oo down. 
696-742o S L A T E R R L T Y 498-2116 
Y O U N G P E O P L E 'S D E L IG H T 
C arp eted throughout, stove, re ­ frigerator, cathedral ceilings, 3 bedroom s, brick patio and well landscaped yard with extra large den. No down paym ent to V A 
B R IG H A M R E A L T Y 673-14o1 

3 A C R E S-3 Bedroom Brick Home. 
2 b a th s, c a r p e t t h ro u g h o u t, central a ir and heat. E xce lle n t re tire m e n t hom e. O ttine, Tex. near 
W orm 
Springs. 
Phone 
1-672-32o9. 
3.8 a cre s betw een N a ta lia and 
Devine. M an y Oaks. Equity and toke over paym ents. 699-o334. 

2 ACRES close in with water, ready to build on, huge oak trees, horses ok. Call 
Benny 
Matinee 
497-3753 or 
824-o85o________________________ __ 
48 Acres 
Cove! Rd. just south of M edina 
B a se . R u n n in g cre e k . H a s oil production, m in e ra ls included. 
Call 
Eve 
Arnold 
735-6585 or 
227-81o5 

L A R G E R O C K 3-2-2 with 19x2o gam eroom , all located on 3 oak covered acres. $64,5oo. 

It A C R E S , south of Boerne with c re e k fro n ta g e on d b e a u tifu l building sites. $3,25o per acre. 
AMASON REALTY 

BULVERDE Estates 
Approx. 3.5 a c re s on B u lve rd e 
Rd."xml. from school. 494-5183 

BULVERDE ROAD 
Approx 34 acres with 8oo ti fron­ tage on C ib o lo C reek. 8 a c re s covered with trees. 26 acre cul­ tivated, fenced, excellent hunting, 
IS minutes from North Star Mall. 
O w n e r c a r r y w ith 15% to 2 9 % down at 8 % to 2o years. A sk in g 
$2ooo an a c re . 341-72o1, n ite s 
492-2967 or 341-8294. R E A L T O R S . 
A sk for J O H N F L O U R N O Y 
JOHN FLOURNOY INC 

E.D. GOZA 

R E A L T O R * 2 2 7 - 8 1 Q S 

By owner. 24-83 Acres. So. Bexar. 
Reas., elec well 922-7627 

IO Acres, east of Blan co, sm all house, good top soil. Jim Ashley 
Real Estate 684-4276. 
______ 
5 a cre s hill cou ntry. G ood rich soil, beautiful view s, big trees, 
$425 down paym ent. 566.3o per mo. Owner financed. Call to see 
734-7964 

B Y O W N E R 75 A C R E S 14 miles southeast Loop 41o on highw ay 16. 
O nly 3 y e a rs old. All b rick, 3-2 home. L a rg e room s. Sw im m ing pool. 2 story metal barn. Irrig a ­ tion well and equipment. Fishing pond. L a r g e o a k and h ic k o r y trees. W ith 2o a cre s of coastal. 
D e e r, q u a il, a n d d ove. C a ll: 
924-6571 or 
J-742-3o98 tor appointment______________________ 

218 -HOUSES MOVED 

H 'use (Cedar Shake Roof) New point • inside needs som e work. 
W as 58,ooo but now takin g est. 
M u st sell! 828-8o5o or 1-42o-2o76 oft $ 

5 + ACRES 
H ill C o u n try , S.W . of B la n c o , 
$4,24o, $212 down, $33.71 month 2o years. 
M B G 
R E A L 
E S T A T E 
822-1234. 

New Homes Moved To your lot. All paneled and plum b ­ ing, vinyl floor covering. 
2 bedroom, I bath, 51o,5oo 
3 bedroom, I bath, $12,8oo 
Dodson Lum ber 
624-2256 

4 ACRES 
MAKE AN OFFER! 
N om e yo u r te rm s! S E. of Son 
Antonio, near C a la v a ra s . N B G 
R E A L E S T A T E 927 7441. 

5 room fram e house - Lloyd E v a n s 
• 736-42o5. 8 to 5, Mon-Fri. 

IO Acres, 4o mi. from 41o N, Hat with cedar and oaks. Jim Ashley 
Real Estate 684-4276 

Will pay top dollar for houses to m ove or wreck. Po-Co, 6459 Old 
Hw y 9o West. 673-2573, 533-9o98 
3.1 ACRES 

22 6 -SUBURBAN PROPERTY 

IO m inutes from C a n y o n D am , 
$695 per acre. O w ner will carry note. 342-18o8. B IL L H U G H E S, 
B R O K E R 
DEVINE REALTY 
Devine, Texas 
1-683-4558 
S A Direct Line 626-12oo 

I 5 Acres near Blanco, high view, beautiful trees, $54 mo. No down payments. 
Jim 
A shley 
Realty 
226-7774 __________________________ 

A B S O L U T E L Y B E A U T I F U L ! 
Ow ner-broker m ust sell fabulous 
N o rth sid e , 4 bed room all rock h ouse on 5 tree studded a cre s. 
E x tra s include out building and h orse facilities. Belter h u rry on this one at $76,5oo B ro k e rs pro­ tected. John PhilpoH. 342-48o8. 

I IO A C R E S near L a V e rn ia , with barn, corrals, fenced. 655-7o24 

5 ACRES 
N e a r S o m e rse t, lo ts of trees, 
IR E A. electricity, A ta sco sa Co. 
I Country living at its best. Cecil 
O rrick 
Don Smith B ro k e r 
735-8ooo 

B Y 
O W N E R , 
N O R T H W E S T 
N E A R U.T.S.A. 
Country hom e, incom e o r both. 
Rustic rock and cedar on top of 45 wooded ocres. 35 years old with 5 rock fire p lace s, 6 bed room s (2 ore 2ox3o), 7 bathrooms, 6oo sa. ft. den, 6oo sa. tt. stainless steel and knotty pine kitchen, 6,ooo sa. ft. party room w ith separate bor, huge outdoor lighted dance patio, tennis court, sw im m ing pool, in­ dependent water system, 17 acres fenced for horses and riding trail. 
Off IH-1o N.W. on private paved road lust IO m inutes from W on­ derland, 2 mites from city limits. 
Id e al fo r c o u n try hom e, n ig h t club, ch ild re n s cam p or school, dude ranch, corporation retreat, club house, artist colony. Unlim it­ ed in c o m e p o te n tia l. L e a s e , le a s e -p u rc h a se , o r p u rc h a se , term s negotiable. Appointm ent only! 698-2742._________________ __ 
Call us about our close-in rural properties. 2-8oo A cres 
Seitz ft Assoc, Realtors 824-2385 
C A M P S T A N L E Y P R O P E R T Y . 
16 ocres covered with oak trees, a lovely ce d a r and rock hom e, 3 bedroom. 2 bath, m aster bath has skylights and Jacuzzi Greek bath, 
Saltillo tile in livin g room with fireplace, dining with French door and fam ily room $87,ooo term s. 
Call W E S T R E A L T Y , 225-4366 or 
828-2926. 

•ABUNDANCE OF OAKS* 

4 A C R E S N O D O W N , $31.99 mo 
; Lake LBJ, call 341-2oo3.__________ 
CANYON LAKE 

O ver 9o live oaks ond no rocks, 7 m iles north with water. 7X4% fin­ ancing, by owner. Charles Bailey 
497 -37 $2 or 473-2552. 
_________ 

IO A C R E S N O R T H 
Heavily wooded with 3 ocre Held ond good access. L a rry Macune, 
G A L E R E A L E S T A T E - 494-5239 
1 or 344-5761 nites. 
% AC L CENTRAL 
3-1-2, big trees, fenced yard 
828-o665 
736-1766 
534-4439 
W A T SO N ft SO N R E A L T O R S 

4+ A C R E S -N O R T H 
Corner, paved 2 sides, big trees 
828-o665 
736-1766 
734-4117 
W A TSO N ft SO N R E A L T O R S 

A c re a g e for sole, by o w n e r, 4 a c r e s on C ib o lo C re e k, In city lim its of Boerne, beautiful hom e site. 736-4555.______________ _ 

5 A C R E S north of Sa n Antonio, 
*599$, sm all down, long term fin­ ancing by owner. 534-8876.________ 

Custom built hom e, co rn e r lot, native stone, cedar. 3-2Vj-l, stone fire p la c e , c a t h e d r a l c e ilin g , paneled walls, large covered deck and unobstructed loke view from all room s. W ork shop, R V port. m ony extras. B y owner. 1-899-21o1 
C A N Y O N L A K E - Y o u r Own Pa radise! Full time or resort time with fan ta stic lake view. E a s y m aintenance, ail conveniences. 
Furnished. M ust See! $32,5oo. Call 
824-o121 A N Y T IM E 

A C R E A G E H O M E S IT E S 
N W of S a n A n to n io in B e x a r , 
Com al, Kendall Co s. 1-18- acres o r M ore 
' DON SMITH CO 
498 244o 
B R O K E R 
698-2241 

5 1 ACRES-NW 
T r e m e n d o u s v ie w fro m the mountaintop. N ear Leon Springs. 
Will sell 15, 2o or 31 acres. Cecil 
O rrick 
Don Smith B ro ke r 
735-8ooo 

A C R E A G E T R A C T S - N e o r 
Boerne, Pipe Creek, Devine and 
Lavernia 
484-4211 P IO N E E R R E A L T Y 

58 o2 A C R E S on F M 1518, 2 mi. east of 181 S. $1ooo ac. A rth u r 
Veltman Really, 333-315o________ 

A C R E A G E T R A C T S 
A p p ro x . 2 to IO 11 a c re tra cts, located on lower Seguin Rd. Near 
Randolph A F B . 1o% down with up to IS veor pay-out. Water, electric power ond telephone. Ail tracts on paved roads. 

3.84 ACRES SOUTH 
Big oaks, Well, fenced, old cabin 
828 o665 
736-1766 
534-4439 
W A TSO N ft SO N R E A L T O R S 

COUNTRY PLACE 
Red brick ranch style, 3-2-2 with den or 4th bedroom , large living area with fireplace and kitchen. 
Patio and co ve re d porch. On 3 acres with nice yard and fenced area for horses $55,ooo Col! Jim 
Hanley S A Dial direct 497-3621. 

Walter P. Sctaila Realty 
333-4971 
653-2254 _____532 /164 

15 acres w aterfront on beautitui 
1 so rin g fed creek. P e c a n trees, walnut trees, oak, beautiful hill lc o u n t r y v ie w s . 
5675 dow n 
; payment. *1o5.29 per mo. Owner financing available 734-9598 

BULVERDE AREA REALTY 
497-3621 R E A L T O R S 1 + 438-7442 

5-1o ACRE RANCH 

23 Acre Tract, 63 acre tract on IM 
37, 3 mi. south of city limits. Aith ur Veltmon Reotty. 333-315o 

EXCLUSIVE AREA 
Guadalupe frontage and access to rive r 3 areas, sw im m ing, boat­ ing, fis h in g , fo r h o m e site s or weekends. Call N orm an 497-3753 

SE, on Sulphur Springs Rd. Ideal retirem ent homesite for houses or m ob iles. L o ts of trees, g a rd e n soil. O w n e r financed , w ith low down payment. 
J IM 
L E E R , 
684-3o44. 

{ All brick 2-1 home on 2 large k»s. 
I La Coste. Built-in cabinets, voni- ties, large gard e n planted, fruit and pecan trees- Chain link fence. 
I 1-742-3316 

EXCLUSIVE ACRE 
G u a d alu p e fron tage, a c c e ss to 
R ive r. Sw im m in g , boating, ond fish in g . H o m o site or fo r w ee- tends. N orm an 497-3753. 
* 

IS 225-1666 
CIPRES* AND NEWS 

 fOH EAST RESISTS 
Pl ACE TOUR WANT AO 
IN THI EXPRESS NEWS 
C A II 225-1666 

ON A W ANT AO 
THE NUMMER TO C A II 
IS 225-1666 
EXPRESS ANO NEWS 

226 -SUBURBAN PROPERTY 

WILSON CO. 

A C R E A G E 
• S e v e r a l f r o m 6 -3 7 acres, lot* o f tre e * in Sto ck d a le are a , $ 6 7 o to $ 8 o o . • 3 A cre* ju»t ou trid e 
L a V e m ia , nice ore a, no m o b ile *, 
$ 5 o o o tar alt. * SO A cre*, crock tank, tree*, 2 m i. o ff H w y . 1oT d o s e into ftore»ville $ 7 o o . e 37 
A cre*, stock tan k, lot* a t tree*. g o o d h o m esite*, 
6 m i. from 
S to ck d ale. 
H O U S E S t J b e d ro o m , I bott), 8 4 x 1 7 o lot, city lim it* o f Flore sville , nice n e ig h b o rh o o d . 
$ 1 5 ,9 o o . e 2 b e d ro o m , 2 both, se p a ra te d in ­ in g room , la rg e kitchen, b e a u tifu l b a c k y a rd . C ity lim it* o f 
Floresville. 
$ 1 9 ,OTTO. 
* 3 b e d r o o m , I b o th In S to c k d a le , just o ff H w y . 
123. 
V e r y a t ­ tra c tiv e , re o » o n o b iy p rice d e t 
$22,ooo. 
CA II JOYCE MORTON 393-2598 

REALTOR 
"ACROSS TROM COURTHOUSE- 
1419 Third - Floresville- 

NW BEXAR CO. 
SS Acres or will consider dividing 
B e a u tifu l u n s p o ile d , n a t u ra l wilderness. Wild gorse and scenic views. Adjoins large reanch, Only 
$1,15o per acre with owner term. 
122 Acres, sam e area, only $9oo per ocre. Call 822-5365, 349-3263. 
IN V E S T M E N T 
R E A L T Y 
CO. 
R E A L T O R S 
ON F M 1863 
I A c re , c o r n e r O a k r id g e D r. 
Owner financed. 824-7334. 

 t o Rose, Realtor 
O V E R 4 A C R E S , n e a r Boerne, 
Tx.! Alm ost new home with huoe living area with decorator brick walls and fireplace... 3 bedroom s, 
2 lovely baths and huoe closets! 
Long, pretty patio! 
$56,25o. 
R E A L T O R S 
.3444o22 

ENCHANTING RETREAT 
7,5 otre — hilltop with a spe<- tcculor 18o° view. Designee by owner-Architect with impressive dimension & no sign of com­ promise in quality. Just minutes from Wed. Center 8 Downtown. 
OVER 7 ACRES-HILLTOP 

Sophisticated 
Contemporary with S bedrooms plus quarters. 
Master suite with library, 3 fireplaces, 2 basements. IOO’ 
D Hanis tile deck (Sensational view). 824-3233, 822-5973 822- 
91o3, 826 oo49 

'/r/yZr'v ' 
E A L T O « 3 
- x f 

Buy Ji n an Co 
J 

FOR SALE BY OWNER 
OWNER FINANCED 

59o ACRES — 4 miles west of Rio Medina. 
Fronting on Medina Lake Road. 2 houses, I well, pipe pens, fishing tank, good fences, good hunting and great view. 
W ILL DIVIDE INTO SMALLER 
TRACTS A N D FINANCE. 
9 to 5 W e e k d a y s 

8 2 6 - 3 2 8 1 

PIPE CREEX MEA 
3 acres, beautiful view, nice oaks, p ro d so il, $595 p e r o c re 
Biti 

NEW ON MARKET 

N e w ly re d e c o ra te d 
4 b d rm , 
3 Vt b a th h o m e on 
5 acre* c lo se -in N W . N o rth sid e schools, c lo se to IH -1 o . O w n e r m o v in g an d m u st sell. B e lo w m a r k e t tor a re a . 
•eeee 

2 6 
A cre* 
14 m iles south o f 
Alo. 
P a v e d fro n ta g e , 
*o m e field , lot* of tree*. 
O w n e r ca rry w ith v e ry g o o d term *. 
• 4 * 4 4 

I 2 o A cre * in St. H e d w ig o re a. 
C o m b in a tio n co a sta l o n d c u ltiv a tio n -a g o o d little stock fo rm w ith tw o larg e ta n k * a n d p a v e d fro n ta g e . 
Term * b y o w n er. 
•gee# 

3 4 o 
A cre * 
HE 
A ta*co »a 
Co. 
So m e C o a sta l, so m e o ld field , lot o f g o o d liv e o a k * o n d co u n ­ ty ro o d Oil a ro u n d 
C o u ld be rip e tor d e v e lo p m e n t o r im ­ p ro ve m e n t, g o o d hunting. 
ART SELDON - REALTOR 

1o3 BILTMORE, STE. 2o4 

Off: 342-9486 
Ret: 655-5oo4 

Utmhes., Broker. 342-1661 

POSITION OPEN 
Port time Real Estate Sale sp e r­ s o n s n e e d e d to r s u b u r b a n property. 
494-7871 
- 
P IG O T T 
P R O P E R T IE S . 

RENTAL INVESTMENT 
City of Seguin- close in- all A-1 i condition, 2 bedroom home, ca r­ peted, appliances, central heat, 3 
; air units- duplex, I bedroom, cen­ tral air- heat, carpet, aopliances- 
Furn. I bedroom effic. apt - Pecan tree shaded lot- all 558,ooo. 
C A R L O S B R A W N E R R E A L T Y 
379-5947 
S E G U IN , T E X . 
5o1 E. K in gsb u ry P.O. Box 1122 

5 A C R E T R A C T S A T 
CA N YO N LAKE 
Just right for 
" D o n ’t 
Fence M e In " folks! la k e facilities, boat ram ps, stores a n d schools near by. 
Panoram ic views, m any large 
O a k trees. 
Selling 
3 o % below market value. 
Terms to suit. 
For appointm ent please call. 
497-3571 or 1-899-2181 

R I V E R F R O N T P R O P E R T Y , close out prices $32oo. Good term s available. Fishing, boating, trees. 
15 miles from 41o. Steve Hanzel 
828-1o92. ft M G E O R G E R E A L T Y 
242 M A IN 
B O E R N E , T E X A S 
249-2678, 249-3545, 249-3546 

E X E C U T IV E H O M E S IT E S 
N O R TH 
L arg e oak studded tracts, 8 m iles north of town, beautiful view s, p a v e d ro a d s, w ate r and elec. 
First time ottered. Call 822-9355 

HRST OFFERING 
L a rg e wooded Hilltop H om esite with sp e cu la r view, large heavy 
O ak Trees. Utilities plus w ater system , North of Hollywood P ark, out S a n P e d ro . T e rm s. T o m 
Taylor 49+5237 or 349-5723._______ 

FISHING HOLE 
Goes with this 3-2, large den, and redw ood deck overlooking flow ­ ing creek. Just 15 minutes east. laud Locators of Texas 
S.A. 667-1154, 667-1333 

GARDEN RIDGE 
Ow ner bos reduced price and is very anxious to sell this gracious, brick, 4 bedroom , 2 bath fam ily home. Beautifully situated on a oak studded acre with 2 living and eating areas, fireplace, util, room, 
2 c a r p a n e le d g a r a g e a n d a greenhouse. 
Low 
$6o's. 
Nites 
§24-446o 
828-5636 
R E A L T O R S 
M L S 

SCENIC LOOP 
HO Acres ot beautiful rolling Tx. hill country, native rock ram bler, 
3-2, fireplace, patio-pool and all co n ve n ie n ce s, in c lu d in g c a r e ­ take r's house, ideal location for 
Med. School, U T SA . O w ner will se ll A L L O R P A R T or tra d e . 
M ake ofter. 
824-371o 
Macf altaite -Phillips 

SETTLE ESTATE 
M c Q u e e n e y - I block from the river. 2 houses on I ocre. Both for only $29,ooo. Live in one and rent the other. 342-4177, nites 824-1954. 
B IL L S O U T H E R N R E A L T O R 
S O U T H : 2 '2 a c re s or m ore, all utilities, term s, 626-1544________ 

SOUTH DF BOERNE 
4 Acres on IH-1o with charm ing 2 bedroom rock hom e, fireplace, m ony large oaks, fruit trees, sta­ bles and garden area. 
ED MERGELE CO. 
R E A L T O R S 
1o$ Saunders, Boerne, Tx 
249-3S26, 
249-284o, 
249-8266 
S.A. direct line 824-9112 

281 SOUTH 

 north Inop inc. 

I Vt to 3 ac all utilities 
828-o665 
736-1766 
534-4439 
W A TSO N 8. SO N R E A L T O R S 

Have it A ll!! 
H ave a home, horse, or chickens. 
O ver I acre with 3 bedroom home. 
Y oung fruit orchard in. On Hw y 
87E in W ilson County near S A. 
■ Santex Co.,Realtors 653-o46o 

Sparkling water on Guadalupe 
; 
5 + ocres, cvpress-pecan trees 
I 492-9436 H Castle Realty 732-66o2 

HELOTES 
4.o9o Acres, good view, old tank, septic tank perm it. E le ctricity, good road. 512,5oo, 525oo down. 
F o r sale and finance bv owner. 
695-89o5 ; 695-32o5.________________ 

•SPRING IS HERE* 
R E A L L Y ! enjoy it on two acres rive rfro n t. R e co n and C y p re s s tre e s, g a r d e n s o il a n d lu sh gra sse s right down to the wide, clean and clear Guadalupe. Close in North. Robert Smith. 698-2o61, 
494-6777 

STARRY MOUNTAIN 

H E L O T E S S C E N IC LO O P A R E A 
2.o37 acres, big oak trees, corner of Jo h n W a g n e r Rd. a n d M o r ­ ningside Dr. After 5 34+1111. 
H E O T E S 
24 Acres, 4 miles north of Helotes on Hwy. 16. 2 bedroom home on high location with view. Adiolning a cre a g e avail. N e o r S A. N e w ­ town. $69,5oo 
R E A L T O R 
691-13oo 

O w n e r m u st s a c r if ic e o v e r 4 acres, one of the most breath tak­ ing views in the Hill Country. See, and you will buy. M ust sell quick­ ly, Coll M r. Wood, 497-3751, eves 
822-9355. 
S U B U R B A N H O M E S IT E 
3.429 a c re s on p a ve d road, IO miles from Boerne, nice trees, level. 
JT S L U D E R , 344-4529 
B O B J O N E S, R E A L T O R 
Century 21 
E L A IN E L U D W IG ft A SSO C . 
Hill Country Acreage. 29 A c re s 
NW of Boerne. Fantastic view in site of new lake. 3 sides fenced, paved road. 
B y owner 
$12-249-229o 

S U T H E R L A N D S P R I N G S . 3 large bedroom s, I bath, large kit­ chen, liv in g room and closets. 
Extra large garage; with 2 acres land. City water, on pavem ent. 
*23,5oo. 512-947 3643 

I 
“LAKE HOME” J: 
J! CANYON LAKE J: 

J ; • ON HILLSIDE NEAR LAKE J; 

I " • TREMENDOUS LAKE VIEW 
J: 
C a ll 
I 

Evenings and W eekends 

J; (512) 341-8o98 j; 

A 4o-ACRE LAKE 
I 

INVEST • INCOME 
• RETIRE • 

* 555 ACRES set in kill country ranch west of San Marcos, paved road. 
2 main creek volleys, natural wooded, nbout Vt open native gross ranch, good soil, small plane landing area, old ranch nome, rock fence, pens, smoll barn, good well, excellent deer area. See at $775 an acre. 
■* 466 ACRES nqimnroved ran- chland ! gQ2 - SAHS,"* Poved rood. Well located ann snap snoped for ranchette investment potential. 
Scenic hills ond valleys. Excellent deer area. Shallow Carrizo water sand. Just $55o per acre Easy terms. 
* 4o2 ACRES high improved ir­ rigated working ranch. NE Wilson 
Co. 325 acres Coastal Bermuda. 7o ocres in field IO pastures. Good 

 lays right in the middle of this 18o ocres. A modern brick home, huge hay barn, sheds, and steel corrals make this a super investment thot you can really enjoy. 

(ATTIE RANCH - 1138 acres 16 miles NW of Stephenville 2 large lakes, 7o ocres of irrigated coastal, ond 25 ocres of cropland Ronch house, pens, barns, and excellent fishing and hunting. This is a really good combination ranch for cattle and recreation. Owner financing mokes it an attractive in­ vestment. 

94 ACRE VAHEY surrounded with picturesque live oak-studded hills. This is on pavement, and will make a fine place to semi-retire. Will consider as lit­ tle os $5,ooo.oo down! 
FORD REALTY, Stephenville 

8 1 7 
9 6 5 - 4 6 4 6 
Evenings: 817/968-8785 or 968-8292 "J 

23o LOTS 

4o27 M ID V A L E , 2</a blocks O A K 
H IL L S C O U N T R Y C LU B , 517,9oo. 
732-7987STEVE M A R T IN 735-o825 

MOUNTAIN VIEW ACRES 

EXCLUSIVE RIVERFRONT 

2 beautiful adtacent '/» acre re­ sidential lots in scenic Mountain 
V ie w A c r e s oft C u le b ra lu st beyond the G reat Northwest sub­ division. F o r details and viewing, icall 65+1844 A N Y T IM E 

LOTS IN HANDERA CO. 
Just north of Utopia, 22 lots rang­ ing in size from 3.5 to 2o acres 
E a c h lot fro n ts on the c ry s ta l clear Sabinal River, which is lined w ith h u ge c y p r e s s a n d p e ca n trees. P e rfe c t fo r p e rm a n e n t home or w eekend retreat. Good te rm s a v a ila b le . L o ts w ill be shown Saturday ond Sunday until 
SPM . For information call Utopia 
(512) 966-34o7 atter S P M F rid a y and all weekend. W eekdays call 
T Y N E S R E A L T Y , Austin (512) 
345-587o. 

WORLD WIDE REALTY 
4)17 M T . L A U R E L D R . in Mf. 
L au re l Sub. off IH IO W est and 
W urzbach. 72x12o ft., paved alley. 
*11,5oo. Term s. 696-44o5, M on-Fri gr.341-5646 daily Som-lOpm_______ 

 inn 

NORTHSIDE LOT 
{O ak studded, re sid e n tia l lot in 
! ch o ice n o rth sid e su b -d iv isio n . 
I $35,ooo to 165,ooo Homes. $6,95o with terms, by owner, 342-6511, 
341 3281 

For sale or trade, bv owner, w a­ te rfro n t C a n y o n 
L a k e 
Lot. 
656-8883 after 5pm 

231 - INVESTMENT PROPERTY 

13 ACRES neor Stockdale with smoll home, horse sheds ond on poved rood. $23,5oo. 
27 ACRES NE with modern 
3 2 home ond I older home ond has IH-35 frontage 
43 ACRES NE, on poved rood with port field ond part hilltop. $1ooo per acre. 
1o4 ACRES neor Morion with lorge live ooks, live creek, some brush and balance in fields. $75o per one 
165 ACRES with lorge ooks ond pecan trees, nearly 
Vz mile 
Guadalupe River frontage. Mony improvements on this ranch. 
G U Y T H O M P SO N 
REAL ESTATE 
1o3A la Plaza Bldg., Seguin, Tx. 
6 5 8 - 8 4 4 4 
Eve. 1-379-7582 

Fort Clark Sp rin g s membership and building site. 54ooo or best 
Otter. 312-69o-8537 
F O R T C L A R K S P R IN G S M E M - 
B E R S H IP -R e a s. 653-4382 
Fort Clark Springs M em bership. 
Call 822-3641 
H O R S E S H O E 
B A Y 
G O L F 
C O U R S E L O T , S a c rific e ! C all collect 214-363-7618 

HORSESHOE BAY 
O n Loke L B J , I view lot and I golfcourse lot tor sale. Owner fin­ a n cin g available. 113oo Roszell 
Apt. 2oo2, San Antonio, Tx. 78217 or 653-2598. 

2.43 acres com m ercial property on SW W W. White Rd. 32 washer , 
12 dryer w oshaterio plus beauty salon and 2 hom e on property. 
O nly $1oo,ooo. Term s. 732-8111 
FAMILY REALTY 

APT. SITE 
4.5 A C R E S , NW off Callaghan Rd. 
Priced to sell. Investor terms. 
824-371o 

L A K E L B J - To lease or sh are with ow ner beautiful “Lakem ont home that has everything”. P re s­ tige a d d itio n w ith golt-tenn is. 
1-598-2743, 1-258-6984. 
L A K E L B J , 75' w aterfron t lot, 
Sunrise Beach Village 824-6858. 
Lake LB J. 75'x268' waterfrnt on 
Colorado, deep water, retaining wall, dock. Zoned m obile home. 
$2o,ooo. 49+28o9 eves 

MacFarM-PliilHps 
D IM M IT C O U N T Y , O u tskirts of 
C a rriz o Sp rin g s, w inter gard en area, 5oo ocre potential develop­ ment property. C O O K E R E A L T Y 
923-2712. 

NEAR SEGUIN 
44 acres 

On povement, oil in good coastal bermuda - 2 stock ponds with fish divide by beautiful wooded creek volley, thru the middle- drive all'cver in car. $44,ooo. 

16 Vi acres 

With a tile milk barn and an ex­ cellent water well, some coastal 
Bermuda, beautiful trees, paved frontage $23,ooo. 

Grein Campbell Realty 

379-9521 
SA 658-5131 

379-3274, 379 2271, 379-2634 

232 -FARMS AND RANCHES 

A 19+AC. TRACT 
L e ak e y A re a- H e a vily wooded. 
Good hunting-S2oo down- E m o ry 
Jones- 73+4627 or 828-6244 

IM EW A fS BEST! 
Lakew ay lakefront, large lot on b e a u tifu l L a k e T r a v is . M a n y large trees in are a of beautiful homes. Exceptional value! 165 ft. on the w ater, o v e r 2oo ft deep. 
F a c e s east on sh e lte re d cove. 
539,5oo. Fantastic view! 
Phillips Lakew ay Properties 
Mr. Rose 512-261-5456 

; A beautiful seclu ded 56o a c re s i ranch, south of Kerrville, creeks, springs, oaks, hunter's cabin, on­ ly $395 per acre, term s. R a n ch 
M arket (512) 82+o156 

2 L A R G E L O T S at C ypress Cove, trees galore, high location. O nly 
$3,75o V e ry liberal term s. Call 
341-4666. Nites 34+7o36 

A B S O L U T E L Y F A N T A S T IC , find too a c r e s w ith m o u n ta in top home, for under $91,5oo with an h ou r's drive and I'll buy it. Other­ w ise b u y m ine. Jo h n P h llp o tt owner-broker, 342-48o8. B roke rs protected._________________________ 

Toke up paym ents on % acre NW for hom e b uilding. W ater, city utilities. M r. Fetter, 679-7229. 

Don Bouchelle 

7o A C R E F A R M N E A R N E W 
B R A U N F E L S . Ow ner financed 
177 Acre arm , near Devine. $6oo per acre. 29%dow n 
684-4211 Of 751-9943 
P IO N E E R R E A L T Y 

 ft CO. INC. R E A L T O R S M L S 

H IL L C O U N T R Y R E A L T Y 
424 M ain St. 
Boerne, Tx 
(512)249-2o31 Collect 
H O M E ON A C R E A G E 
A custom built hom e with over 
24oo sa .ft. A p p rox. 1.9 w ooded a c re s su rro u n d this 3-2-2 w ith 
17x17 m aster suite. Situated in 
P le a sa n to n a n d d o n lv $65,ooo. 
Evenings, 655-2o9o 
Century 21 
D E L A N E Y R E A L T Y 653-o55o 

 ll you prefer Hie finest 
One acre And up, well restricted, h om esite, N.W. SA , 16o4 a re a. 
B u ild in g site s fro m 575oo p e r o cre. H om e s from 57o,ooo. L A - 
K E O R O F T 
R E A L 
E S T A T E . 
342-1661. 

• IN LYTLE* 

2 to 4 a c r e s n o rth . M o b ile s , h o r s e s , ok. $5o d o w n , 535.85 monthly. IO years. M ogee 342-2516 
14x65 m o b ile hom e on I a cre , central heat-air, on 281 S 924-8116. 
337-4927H Y A T T R E A L E S T A T E 
I I I 
B O E R N E B O E R N E R O C K 
H O M E , 3-2-2, on tre e -co v e re d knoll, 3.89acres, m a n y sp e c ia l fe a tu re sE . $79,9oo. C O U N T R Y 
H O M E (, 3-2-2, with views, under construction, closein. R o ck and brick, fireplaces, on 4 and 5 acre tra cts. P r ic e $53,9oo. L A R G E 
A C R E A G E , up to 32o a cre s, in 
Kendall and B andera C o's. $95o a c r e up. S M A L L A C R E A G E 
T r a c t s in M o u n t a in S p r in g 
Farm s. H IL L C O U N T R Y R E A L ­ 
T Y 424 M ain St.W xm !! Boerne, 
T x (512) 249-2o31 C oile d 

228 RESORT PROPERTIES 

L B J waterfront 2-1 turn Sunrise 
Beach, open house this weekend 
N o6 W. 
L a k e s h o r e , 
A u s tin 
452-2343, $37,5oo 

42 acre live oak hills. Joins huge j ranch, deer-turkey. $395 per acre. 
'■ Liberal term s. 1-896-244o______ 

C O M P A R E T H E S E 
5 1 o A cre*, re g cattle *h o w p lace, n e a r Luling. B ig lak e , liv e o a k *, a n d p e can *. In v e *tm e n t security fo r $ 1 ,2 5 o p e r ac. 
I*,, * I 
1 82 
A cres, 
M e d in a 
R iv e r p r o ­ pe rty, o n ly 
15 m in fro m 
S.A. 
H u g e o a k s, a ll m in e ral*. 
D eer. 
W a y u n d e r the m a rk e t a t $ 1 ,3 o o acre. 
6 4 o 4 A cres, w ith hill* n e a r B ig 
B en d 
P a rk , h o u se , 
2 w ells. 
G a m e . E asy term *, a t $ 6 o . p e r acre. 
5 8 3 A cres, o n the Son M a rc o * 
R iver. O ld tim e cotton P lan tatio n , n o w n a tiv e p ostu re . 
O w n e r fin a n c e d a t o n ly $ 8 o o . ocre. 
1 2 o A cres, u n im p ro v e d o n the can al clo se to E a gle P ass. $ 2 6 5 . p e r ocre. 
What s a Tax Free Exchange? 

A S K U S 
D E V A U L T & A S S O C . 
3 4 9 - 2 6 7 7 
P ro p e rty M a rk e tin g -E x c h a n g e 

 pens. large hay bom 
Modern bunkhouse. 2oo or more cow units, Just $675 per ocre or firm offer 
* 151 ACRES stock form neor 
Falls City — Kames Co. Grovel rood, SO ocres good coastal, rest wooded, native gross. Good tank orid well. Dove, quail and turkey. 
Barnes ond pens. 
Spacious modern 3-2-1, Cent. A S H home. 
Oil potent area: Bargain, $65o per ocre, Owner terms. 
+ 114 ACRFS on the edge of 
Seguin front Hwy. 9o. Flowing stream ond spring. Part bottom land with 5o grafted pecan trees. 
85 acres in field. Good 2 bedroom form home. Severol barns, pens, etc. All $15oo per acre or deal. 
* 75 ACRES ranch Nf of Seguin. 
Gravel rood Mostly coastal, scat­ tered trees, wooded hilltop for homesite. Creek, good tank — waterline nearby. Bargain $69o per ocre. 
* 42 ACRES fertile, West of 
Gonzales Co. on Hwy. 8o. All field. 
Ideal investment or truck form. 
Nicely remodeled 2-1-1 home, formol living, dining room — 
More! Just $53,5oo. 
+ 41 ACRES ranchette East of 
Seguin. Hwy 9o-A frontage. All level field. Spacious solid 9 room home, good well, old born, feed shed ond old style dairy barn — 
MORE! All $225o per ocre or firm offer 
+ 33 ACRE unimproved ran­ chette 
NE 
Wilson 
Co. 
Semi secluded, end of county road, VS native woods, rest held, native gross, surrounded by woods, sondy loom soil, good deer oreo, shallow water, electricity. Just 
$85o per ocre. Owner terms. 
* 7 ACRE RANCHETTE, SE of 
Seguin, poved road, waterline, spacious 2-story 3-2-2 home, family room. Out building. See at 
$6o,ooo. 
* 6 1/? ACRES unimproved. SE of 
Seguin on FM 117. New perimeter fence, partially wooded, mesquite soil, deer ond birds, good retreat. 
Only $875 per ocre. 
* 2 ACRFS neor Seguin, off 
FM467, all field, fenced, oil utilities, including natural gas and septic system. 
Grovel driveway, ideal garden of livestock. Only $7,5oo with 2 bedroom mobile home. $11,5oo. 
Mem ber TFRA Inc. 
See us for other listings 
All sizes and types let's Talk It OVER! 
CARLOS BRAWNER REAITY 

379-5947 
Seguin, Texas 
5o1 E Kingsbury, P.O. Box 1122 

232 -FARMS AMDRANCHES 
KERRVILLE AREA 
5.25 a e r** 8 m ile* *outh of K e rr­ ville, Good Trees, building vie s, electricity available, all w eather road, mobile* allowed. Net rough. 
B y o w n e r. $1oo d o w n , $73.98 monthly. D a y * coll 1-512-89+2525. 
Night* call 
1-512-257-6411 or 
1-512-257-3oo1. 
K E R R V I L L E - R O C K S P R IN G S 
A R E A , 8,5oo acre*, all or part; m in e ra l*, im p r o v e m e n t *, 
^bedroom hou*e; $25o.oo acre; terms. 
A N D R E R S O N F IT Z G E R A L D G IA 
INC. 454$ Post Oak Place Drive, 
Houston, Tx. 77o27 626-34oo. 
. 
LA S A L L E C O U N T Y 
Approx 455 acres, river frontage, on 
County 
Road. 
Good deer hunting. 
J. Donald Jordan, Broker I 
Ellen H argro ve 
512-879-2113 
512-879-2462_______________________ 

LET— 
J A. D E S S 
Broker, Buy or Sell for You. Call: 
22+8357 
342-9338 
34+9424 
Lots of wild game, purchase up lo 
14o acres neat Sabinal. 15% down payment, owner financed. 
227 1333 
Beanie Owens 
Redltors-Form ft Ranch 
M A S O N A R E A , 32o A c r e * on paved h ig h w ay , good h unting, water and gras*. 
Bv owner. 
342-2947. 
. 
M E D IN A C O U N T Y , 129 Acres, 65 form, balance pasture, deer, sub­ stantial down payment, owner will finance. C ontact E lo lse Petor, 
349-5151 69+o453. 

MEDINA COUNTY 
196 acres on pavement, south of 
Hondo, cross fenced, Vi cultivat­ ed, tank, well, electricity, large live oaks. T e rm s. $615. P E T E 
H A R D T , 
B R O K E R , 
1 663-2622 
Devine 
_________ _ 
M O F F E T T L U M B E R CO 
( F A R M ft R A N C H Realtors) 
"Dependable Since 1935" 
4o7 N. Zarzam ora, 432-7881 
MOUNTAIN VIEW is I bedroom brick on 5 acres. H as m any trees and soil for garden, is an assumption. 
E D W A R D 'S R A N C H R E A L T Y 
69+ 848o . 
1-53+4596 

D E V IN E A R E A , Beautiful bricx on ll acres. 3 bedroom , 2 bath, double garage, form al living area with fireplace, good well, large m asonry barn. 2’/j miles north of 
Devine. 
H U G H E S ft B R IS C O E 
92+4331 R E A L T O R S 
1-663-5597 
E D W A R D S R A N C H R E A L T Y 
Buy your land from the natives 
P IP E C R E E K , TX. 69+848o 
F o rm and Ranch Listings Wanted 
E D .G O Z A , R E A L T O R 
618 M cCullough, 78215 
227-61o5 or 82+5618. 

FARMS and RANCHES 
A Specialty 
M ore than Half Century Service 

251 A C R E S , All Cleared 
IOO AC.,im proved,Lavernia 
JO E V A JD O S,R ealtor 
1-512-78o-2225 
Magazine Picture Home 
This ^b ed room , 2 bath, custom built hom e w as planeed for im ­ portant People. Situated in the e x c lu s iv e T r e a s u r e Is la n d on 
L a k e M c Q u e e n e y . B o a th o u se , sunroom, and park like yard. 
*74,ooo. 
S.A. 65+1351 
1-379-o19o 

; 2o A C R E S - B E A U T IF U L T R E E S 
IO mi. south of Loop 41o 
E a sy terms, low down 
227-o227 W atson ft Son 628-1262 

2o A C R E S O R M O R E 
SW of Seguin, county road, spring j hill water, Seguin schools, owner 
• financed. 1o% down, trees ond m e a d o w s. V I R G I N I A S M IT H 
73+3694, 34+2341 
B O B J O N E S, R E A L T O R 

5o acres bluff creek ranch. $49$ per acre, great hunting, we will finance 2o ye a rs at 7 % % sim ple interest, with 5 % down payment. 
Coll for appointment. 734-9363 

 j 185 A C R E S , 2-sforv house, separ­ a te guest house. Dim m it Co. 8 mi. south of Carrizo Springs, F M 186. 
1 87+5o95, 1-87+2466 

REQUA REALTY CO 
Realtors 
51o8 Broadway 
824-45o7 

FLYING R RANCH 

21 to 38 A c r e h ill c o u n try tracts. Just 15 minutes north 
Loop IHM on 281 Hwy. Paved roads, restrictions, financing. 
Starting at 516oo tier acre. 

Century 21 
S E G U IN R E A L T Y INC. 

Nice home on 4 acres, horse stalls a n d pens, b eautiful trees. F in ­ an ce d . C o ll 772-3o69 a n y tim e , 
772-3o94 aft 5pm. 
LYTLE REALTY 

AAA VALUE 
P r im e 
R iv e r f r o n t 
L o t on 
G uadalupe R iv e r neor Com fort, 
Tx. Priced to Sell at *7ooo. Liberal 
Terms. 512-257-4oo4; 512-257-7236. 
A Beautiful 

M A J E S T IC V IE W 
See tor IO m iles from this 2 plus h e a vily treed acres. B e a u tifu l building sites. 25 minutes north of 
41o, on Hw y 281. Ail utilities. $75oo. 
Nites 494-2191 
M A J E S T IC H IL L T O P LO T 
H igh on a windy hill, panoram ic view, paved streets, 18 hole golf co u rse , b e a u tifu l c lu b , c a m p grounds, lovely Lake T ra v is and marina. Nites 65+8218 
655-6848 
D A Y O R N IG H T 

35 A C R E S , bv ow ner, n e a r St. 
Hedwig, black top road, produc­ tive field land, water, electricity, and phone available. $39,5oo. 2o% down, financing. 
492-1549, 
924-5174. 

26oo A C R E S 

SOO Acres, Castroville area, excel, bunting, ow ner financed, all-part, t-426-3441, 42 3578 
______ 
$oo Acres, Castroville area, excel. hunting, owner financed, all-part. 
I -42+3441, 42+3578 
_____________ 

K E R R V IL L E 
5.o28 A cres, just off IH-1o. F la t p a r k - typ e t e rra in . A lr e a d y fenced, plenty deer, b e a u tifu l h o m e site , yo u c a n m o w th is a cre age tike a lawn. O w ner fin­ anced. Only $6oo down, $9,ooo to- tai. Coll G ory Ellison 68+7898. 
Kerrville 's Beautiful Hill Country. 
19.5 A cre s. $895 per acre. F o r d e ta ils contact L D. K e n n e d y , 
512-257-87o2, Kerrville, Tx. 
L A R G E B U IL D IN G S IT E 
I mile north from Loop 16o4 N.W. d esired location, deep soil and wooded area. Water, electricity, and phone. Paym ents of *54.34 at 
7 % sim p le interest after sm a ll down pmt Les Feller, 679-7229 

CANYON UKE 
• H IL L S ID E LO T - B E A U T IF U L 
View - *14oo E a sy Term s 
• Large Lot • Trees-Near Lake 
And boat ram p - E a sy Term s 
Copt. E . Jones 
923-6211 

M O R T O N 

57 ACRES-HAYS CO 
FM15o, big oaks, owner carry 
828-o665 
73+1766 
734-4117 
W A T SO N ft SO N R E A L T O R S 

SO U T H W E S T R E A L T Y 
M edina Lake, 6 room brick, 2o6' front 1-751 2989, no collect 

IOO acres hunting country, *129.5o per acre, 5 % down payment, 7*«% s im p le in t e r e st w ith 2o y e a r j terms. 
Coll for information 
73+7964 

4 + A C R E S -C O P A N O B A Y 
3oo' pier, deep channel, S stall boathouse, home, room to expond 
828-o665 
736-1766 
648-o873 
W A T SO N ft SO N R E A L T O R S 

MEDINA UKE 
Y e a r ro u n d 2 b e d ro o m hom e, 
1oox14o tt fenced yard with lots of trees and carpet gra ss. $17,9oo. 
Roberta White 533-7163, 333-8763 
B O B J O N E S , R E A L T O R S 

14 acres hunting country, big deer and turkey, excellent hunting, on fence line of la rg e ran ch . $49o down payment. $75.86 per month. 
Owner financed, call for inform a­ tion. 73+7964 

2 M aso n ry 4-Piexes, O lm os P ark, 
2 Jefferson. Will consider trading equity, one or more for beautiful suburban acreage north. Owner. 
824-47oo. 
M obile home in Indian Hills 2o mi. 
N. of 16o4, 2ox24 storage $11,5oo. 
Jim Ashley Realty 22+7774_______ 
M O T H E R N A T U R E 
O U T D ID H E R S E L F with this I acre plus. E a sy access to downtown from 281 north and only minutes from Canyon Lake. 
Located in Oak Village North and ready to built on. Sherrie Legnon 
533-7143, 333-6328 
B O B JO N E S, R E A L T O R S 

KEY GROUP 

5 a cre s hill country. G ood rich soil, beautiful view s, big trees, 
$425 dow n paym ent. $66.3o per mo. Owner financed. Call to see 
734-7964 
129 A C R E S 
W ith c re e k , la k e , c a b in n e a r 
Boerne. 
C O O K E 
R E A L T Y 
923-2712 lo beautiful hill cou ntry acres, 
$85o down paym ent, $132.59 per month. Owner will finance. Please call 734-9363 

REST BUY-CANYON UKE 
3 lots with chain link 6 in. fence, septic tank, w ater lines, gre at view of the lake, 2 blocks from the boat dock and sw im m ing pool. 
D O R IS H U N S IC K E R 34+9936 
RANCH LANDS 

KEY GROPP 

14 acres hunting country, big deer and turkey, excellent hunting, on fence line of la rg e ranch. $49o down payment. $75.86 per month. 
Owner financed, coll tor Inform a­ tion. 734-7964 

Medina Lake Water Fronts 
684-4211 Pioneer Realty 1-751-9943 
P O R T A R A N S A S - A ll electric, built-in kitchen, wall to wall ca r­ peting, 2 large bedroom s and a 
2ox24 loft. M ost furnishings- chain link fence. Call 512-275-6516 after 
7pm M on-Thurs, anytim e Frl-Sun 
R E T R E A T 
W A T E R F R O N T 
A C R E A G E 
P r iv a t e ly o w n e d , s to c k e d , dammed, creek. 4o mi. from San 
An ton io a n d A u stin in the hill country. Lim ite d acre a ge . F in ­ ancing avail, to qualified buyers. 
I l l 868-7438 
Rockport, Jim Waiter 2 bedroom home, see bay from home, I blk. fro m town. L a r g e Lot, zoned c o m m e rc ia l. $25,ooo u n fu rn . 
527,ooo (urn. 648 o631 
_______ __ 

N E A R P L E A S A N T O N 
B ig 3-2-den, huge fireplace, only 3 y e o r s old. O n 5 tree stu d d e d acres. Blacktop road on 3 sides. 
Fence, cross-fenced. 
349-65o3, 
49+2o4o 

Martta WoHbw Beeltors 

B O E R N E 
ISO ft. w aterfront on Red Bluff 
Creek. 4 Acres, $1o,ooo. B O E R N E 
R A N C H R E A L T Y 224-7171 

• N E A R S O M E R S E T * 
25 acres plus large 2 story home, central heat and air, several out buildings, inside 16o4. 622-3363. 

B Y O W N E R 
F O R S A L E O R L E A S E 
M E D N A L A K E 
14x65 2 bedroom frailer with at­ tached 1ox3o panelled porch on % ocre wooded lot. 
34+1o73;- 
1-535-4413. 

R E N F R O R E A L T Y 
NEW BERUN 
1.39 a cre s, beautiful live oa ks, road frontage, water line. $75oo cash. 

C A N Y O N - IOO ft. wide waterfront - 
Village West. $89oo. 658-426o 

 a i m 
LAKE 

U P P E R L A K E P L A C ID 
125 FT. W A T E R F R O N T 
S E G U IN - M C Q U E E N Y A R E A 
Big fam ily home and-or home and incom e. H ig h lo c a tio n , lo v e ly private area. Low 4o’s. 
73+oo15 
69+o437 
699-oo13 
B E U L A H 
M A E 
K E L L E R , 
R E A L T O R 
________ 
W A N T C O A S T A L P R O P E R T Y 
A ra n sa s P a s s o r P o rt A ra n s a s 
D O U G L A S A N D E R S O N 
8o3 Gardina 
732-1362 

2 bedroom rustic cabin with fire­ place, e xcellen t view of Lake. 
$18,ooo. A. Jones 497-3571. 

Lane Lecaters lit T e m 
S.A. 667-1154, 667-1333 

•NORTH S U C R E S * 
Out Son Pedro, IS min. Oaks. soil. view far miles. Paved road. C o op electric. $85oo, term s By owner 
Bob Smith, 698-2o93, 494-6777. 

C A N Y O N L A K E B Y O W N E R 
: 14x7o mobile home, 2 bedroom, 2 i bath, on concrete slab with metal 
I cover over home. 14x3o covered patio, double garage. On 2 tree studded lakevlew Tots. $25,ooo. 
I Owner will carry note. 1-899-2941 

• WATERFRONT* 
Lovely 2-2 hom e on Lake Dunlop. 
12o’ front with concrete retaining wail, fishing pier, beautiful pecan trees, som e grafted, over Vi acre, abundance of sheds and sto re r­ ooms, good well, pressure pump, house fully carpeted and paneled with built-lns galore, m alon glass fireplace, all appliances, riding la w n m o w e r. P r ic e d to se ll! 
344-19o9, 341-17o8. 

6 acres irrigated farm . Good soil, n e a r h ig h w a y in T e x a s H ill 
Country. We will drill well. $45o down payment, $7o.2o per month. 
Call 734-9598 

Well im proved. 5oo ocres im ­ p roved, 5oo irrig a te d fa rm ­ land, balance in brush. S28S per acre. 
Santex Co.,Realtors 653-o46o 

F L Y IN G R R E A L T Y 
1-438-7429 
Eve. 1-899-2793 

IO A C R ES-W e st of 16o4. Excellent soil. 15 yr. ow ner finance. C all 
349-2611, eve. 341-1855 

G O N Z A L E S O U N T Y 
28 A C R E S 
Va pasture, Va field on gravel road j 'a mile from paved road. G ood deer hunting. E a sy lo buy! 
Santex Co.,Realtors 653-o46o 

2o3 Acres, W ilson Co., near Poth, all in native brush, earthern tank, good h u n tin g . $5oo p e r a c re . 
K eoughan ft Y o rk R e al Estate, 
5o5 N. A u stin St., S e g u in , Tx. 
78155. 1-379-79o1 or 1-557-6873 

5o ACRES 

G R A Z E A ID F IS H 
43o a c re s, m o stly In C o a sta l. 
M a n y w a te r ta n k s . U t ilit ie s . 
W illin g to se ll 5o a c re tra c ts. 
552+5575 per acre 
KorZekWa Realty 349-3151 

GUADALUPE COUNTY 

WITH MAJOR CREEKS p ic tu re sq u e hill c o u n try tra c t located north of S.A. Ow ner m ust sell im m ediately. In q u ire now. 
L a rry M acune, Gale Real Estate, 
49+5239 or 34+5/61 nites. 

IS acres covered with oak trees, long county road frontage. $1ooo 

A N O A K S H A D E D 
Vacation homesite near Leakey, 
T x 1st tim e ottered. 2.32 acres. 
$2oo down $48.6o per mo. M obiles 
Welcome, 
512-257-4oo4; 
512-257-7236. 
_____ 

4o6 Acres-Kendall Co. on w est side of IH1o North, a p ­ prox. 7 ml. N.W. of Boerne. Beau­ tiful sce n ic view s. W ater well, m any trees. See alt or Va. Priced right. Term s. F o r information, call 

Attn. Texas Vets & Others 
B y O w n e r: s e v e r a l a d io ln in g tracts of land on paved road in irrigation area. Level to rolling land. All open and in coastal. All utilities in c lu d in g ru ra l w ater. 
Located about 3o m iles east of San 
Antonio via either H w vs 87 or 181. 
Sell in 2o acres or la rge r tracts with 2o % down, balance IO years, 
8 % in te re st, p a y m e n ts on o r before. Phone 1-393-2441 

Waltep P. Sckula Realty 
333-4971 
653-2254 
532 n 64 

BANDERA COUNTY 
3o’ a acres. Part wooded. Part in fields. C oncrete tile ho u se and garage. Good well. Stock pond. 

2 ACRES 
L a rg e brick hom e located about one m ile w est of B o e rn e off of 
Jo h n s Road. 3 large bedroom s, two baths. 18x24 fam ily room with fireplace. 21x22 gam e room. Good well. Call us today. 
BOERNE RANCH REALTY 
Cliff Lewis, Realtor 
Boerne 249-2o61 
S A. 22+7171 
423 A cre s M e d in a Co. ranch bv owner. 35 m iles W. of S.A. Good fences, water, house. $55o acre for Imm ediate sale. Fenced into 4 separate 1o5 a c re tracts. G ood terms. $34-o917, 53+5443 

• 16o ACRES* 
M edina County, near Hondo, run­ ning creek, oil potential. Call M i­ chael Kaliski, 828-8995. 
RANCH MARKET 
655-42o6, 22+5184 
19 acres, I m ile east of IH35 at 
Natalia, $1o95 per acre, fenced, well, Texas Vet. 492-2524._________ 

NO TRAILERS 

Custom 3-2-2 with fireplace alop 
Canyon Lake island. All elec, na­ tive rock, 25oo sq.ft. on over VS ocre. Lake view from every win­ d o w ^ ,S O O . 1-512-93+2447 

KIBBE REALTY 

WEEKEND RETREAT! 

1o6 A C R E S 
2 miles K a m e s City. Sm all house, wafer well on paved rood. Va m in­ eral rights. O w ner financed. 
344-4245, 828-66o3 
R O B E R T S -R O H M E R R E A L T Y 

NO PIGS - NO GOATS! 
Beautiful building sites. Plenty of 

Canyon Loke- Cabin boathouse air, trees, lakevlew. M obile sec­ tion. U til's, pool. Boat la n d in g near. $6,3oo. term s. 696 o574 

2 b e d ro o m , 2 bath co tta ge on 
M edina Lake. Lovely view of lake. 
Boot dock ond sw im m ing area 
$23,5oo. 681-3222, nile* 349-6837 
B IL L S O U T H E R N R E A L T O R 

 o aks, w ater system , low taxes, de restricted residential and recrea tional orea. Paved streets 
49+3448, A N Y T IM E 

C A N Y O N L A K E 
, A c ro s s from sw im m in g pool, 2 bedroom , 2 bath, near country 
Club. $37,5oo. 1-899-2611 or 651-6844 

W ill trode m y beautiful Canyon 
L ak e P ro p e rty for y o u r trowel trailer, motor home or boat, hay- ling a value of $4-6ooo. 434-o681, 
656-8248 

21o acre s SO m iles south of San 
Antonio, near IN 37, Rood hunting, 
$45o per acre, ow ner financed. 
Contact W M J V an Kleef, George 
West, Tx Phone 512-469-1551. 

BOERNE RANCH REALTY a m Lewis, Realtor 
Boerne 249-2o61 
S.A. 224-7171 

Blanco Co. 21o acres good pasture land, tan ks, b a rn s, IOO yr. old ranch house. $8oo acre. Term s. 
V o id 's 
Realty inc. 
695-9143, 
49+3156 

BOERNE SPECIAL 
31.6 a c r e s of g o r g e o u s H ill 
Country beauty just 2 m iles from town. Frontage on F M 1376. Only 
4 miles from new lake. Can sell all or split. 
D O R IS H U N S IC K E R 34+9936 
RANCH UNDS 

BOERNE 
Two lots on Elm St. (14o' x 218'). 
All city utilities. Good building site near dam on Elm St. 58ooo.oo T o­ tal Price. 
BOERNE RANCH REALTY 
Clift Lewis, Realtor 
Boerne 249-2o61 
S.A. 224-7171 
B y ow ner 4oo a c re s, 5o m ile s 
Southeast. Id e al p u re b re d or h a y in g o p e ra tio n . Ir r ig a t e d , gently rolling with scattered oak trees, good m ineral potential. $65o per ocre, 
No agent* please. 
828-7218 

471 A C R E S N E A R D IL L E Y 
W a te r, p a v e d r o a d s . T e r m s . 
C O O K E R E A L T Y 923-2712 

B Y C W N E IE : 13 acres with flow 
In a c re e k n e a r C h a c o n L a k e . 
O ld e r hom e, a ll city u tilitie s. 
$22,ooo with $2ooo down. 53+oo56 

U S A C R E S n ear Tarp ley. Hills, fa rm . 
E x c e lle n t h u n tin g . im proved. 1-562-3272, 1-828-o133 

' Castroville area, 2+5o-1oo ocs. 2 
1 good houses, water, good hunting. 
I Owner 1-42+3578, 42+3441________ 

GALE REAL ESTATE 

NOWS THE TIME 
Century 21 
N O R R IS R E A L T Y 
23o LOTS 

 to really enjoy country living. 25 a c r e s of fre e s, p a s tu r e a n d privacy. Beautiful 4 bedroom spilt level plus 2 bedroom guest house. 
27 m ile s fro m W o n d e rla n d . 
$159,ooo 344-8348 
Grace Arnold 

Canyon Lake Hills lot, on Canyon i Lk O r neor boot romp. 341-78o3 
C A N Y O N L A K E 
M O B IL E LOT 
11o,ooo sa. ft. fantastic view. Pool, boat ram p near bv. $14oo, *1oo down, 78 mo. at $21.43 A P R 8%. 
M E L M IL L E R 
22+2324 

2 A C R E S 
Choice building lot, high on hill in 
U n ive rsity Hills. T e rrific view. 
I Col! owner 492-2467. 
A P A R T M E N T SIT E , 3oo' x 35o'. 
Zoned R-3. 3oo Parkw ay. All utili­ ties. Poi quick sale 3o cents per square foot. Call 435-5244 

111 ACRES BOUW „ 
A s c e n ic a n d se c lu d e d H ill 
C o u n try ra n c h with live creek, two sm all la k e s and two w ater w ells. N ice ly w ooded with high elevations. In q u ire now. ILarry 
M acune, G A L E R E A L E S T A T E • 
49+5239 or 344-5741 nltO*. 

COUNTRY HOME 

R E A L T O R S M L S 
P e rm a n e n t C re e k ! E a s y c o m ­ m uting distance but far enough for tranquility. Sm all num ber of cre e k front tra c ts out of la rg e ranch Trees, clean air, gam # and b ird s galore. V e ry e asy te rm s I 
O w ner finance. R an ch 535-4391; 
$47-5o12 or S A. 12+783o 

C h o ic e R iv e r m o n t lot. B e in g transferred - M u st sell. Equity, toke up paym ents. Coll 49+28o4 
D R .'5 
A N D 
L A W Y E R S 
R E T R E A T 
33 to 3oo acres In T arpley area. 
County graded road, good hunt­ ing, limited bucks killed every year. 
B R IG H A M R E A L T Y 673-14o1 

A T T E N T IO N 
D E V E L O P E R S -3 Acre tract, with oaks in beautiful mature suburb. 
M A C R E A L E S T A T E 82+2521 

5 A C R E S north ot Son Antonio, 
*5995, sm all down, long term fln- owner. 534-88/6 

2o a c re s r iv e r fro n ta g e . 3 b e ­ droom , 2 bath, fireplace. G ood condition. N ear Junction. $65,ooo. 
22+54o6 M r. Thornton 
C O U N T R Y L IV IN G 
9o A cre s with a v e ry nice 3 be­ droom nome close to San Antonio on good road, hunting, pasture. held*, has it all! 
Call Riley Flynn 
Nites 698-2842 
$96,oo 
R E A L T O R S 
82+6395 onclng by i 

IN THI EX P R !SS N EW S 
C A II 2 2 5 -1 6 6 6 
IS 2 2 S - 1 6 6 6 
EXPRESS A N O N EW S 

„ CHOICE HOMESITES 
Q uietly secluded In W o o d law n 
Hills. Build now or hold fo r In ­ vestment. Term s available. $3,8oo to $6ooo. Paved streets. A ll utili­ ties. Near Schools and shopping. 
: N e a r B an d e ra Rd. and B e n ru t 
1 Or. For details call Louis Flores, 
I 732-2241. 

22o acres of b rush in Frio County. 
D eer and iavallna. *55o per acre. 
334 2455 
664 A C R E S on Flat C.»#eb east of 
Joh n son City. Stro n g spring-fed creek, h igh hills, heavy tim ber and good deer hunting. $9oo per a c re . 1 o % dow n. T e r r y Sm ith 
R e a l E s t a te , B o x 622, G o ld th ­ waite, Texas. Office 91+44+2747; 
Hom e 921+98+3339 
---------------1$ r n T m ---------------- 

 e x p r e s s a n d n e w s ________ 

Guy Chipman Co 

DEER HUNTERS 
925 a c r e s in L a S a lle C o u n ty , creek, 6 ocre lake, tower blinds, heavy brush with excellent roads ond sendera’s. 
Land Locators of Texas 
S J L O M I / * . W 
U U _____ 

 land locators of Texas 
S.A. 667-1154, 667-1333 

Hill Country Ranch 
Near Junction-97o Acres 
2 wells with concrete stock tanks. Good barns, corrals, fences. Lots of game. Mile of paved road frontage. Like new brick 3 br, 2 bath, fire­ place. 
$325 
P E R 
A C R E , 
T E R M S . 
Philip D. W ard & Assoc 
Houston (713) 626-3o71 

Hill cou n try-K e rrville area. 25o acres. Partly gam e proof fenced. 
W ould m a k e e x c e lle n t e x o tic gam e ranch. Will stock ond m an­ age (or you. Excellent white tail deer hunting. $175,ooo. W ill fin ­ ance. 1-86+347! 
H IL L 
C O U N T R Y 
N E A R 
K E R R V IL L E 
4 bedroom, 2 bath, lodge, tennis co u rt. O n 25 o c r e s o r m o re . 
$1oo,ooo. 1-86+3471 

HILL COUNTRY OASIS 
N E S T L E D in the H IL L S it this little G A R D E N SPO T. 3 bedroom house, 2 baths, g la ss doors and w in d o w s g iv e a 
V IE W 
O F 
G R E E N E R Y , horse bam s, sheds, storage house, trull trees, vege tables, straw berry plants m akes th is a B E A U T I F U L C O N V E N ­ 
IE N T C O U N T R Y F A R M . 2 miles south of Boerne 
HOUSTON RANCH REALTY 
P.O. Box 58o, Boerne, Tx, 78oo6 
(512) 249-2116 or 537-44o7 
H IL L C O U N T R Y R A N C H 
12oo acres- 6o mi. northwest of San Antonio. Lots of game. M an y im provem ents 
227-o227 Watson ft Son 628-1262 

Hill COUNTRY RANCH 
654 acres near Utopia, Tx. Live water, beautiful brick home, will sell all or part. Owner financing. 
Clinton R ieb er, O w ner B ro k e r. 
(512 ) 96+3541.____________________ 
H IL L S O F B A N D E R A 
SXS A cres of inst plain beautiful country property will a forest of oak trees and good soil. V e ry nice area with paved roads. $8,526 with nothing down or term s to suit you 
P IP E C R E E K R E A L T Y 69+3242 
SA N 
H O U R 
N O R T H 
S F 
A N T O N IO 
94o acres, live creek, ra n c h or sub-divide. 
C O O K E 
R E A L T Y 
92+2712 

HUNTER’S SPECIAL 
28 miles from San Antonio In the big deer country but with the look of the Hill Country. This 445 acres, 
68 acres cultivation, 6 room fram e home Area still private ond un spoiled. Now carrying ISO head of cattle. 
D O R IS H U N S IC K E R 34+9934 
RANCH UNDS 
IN D I V ID U A L W IS H E S to b u y acre age . IOO to 2oo A c re s due south approx. 3o mi. Residence on p ro p e rty p re fe rre d . R e p ly E x - press-News Box 7161.____________ 

KENDALL COUNTY 
21o acre ranch near Kendalia, Tx. 
C le a r r u n n in g c y p r e s s lin e stre am , n ative pecan, fenced, barn, windmill, goat shed, deer, turkey, fish, 9 acre fenced field, beautiful bldg site. One of the few 
"Picture-Book” sm all farm s left. 
Low down, owner financing, pos­ sible auction rem aining 2oo acres. 
T M . E d w ard s 693-3511, 681-1874. 
Bob Coco 69+»174._______________ 

N E A R P IP E C R E E K T X 
8 A c re s on p e rm a n e n t c re e k , w oods, view s. B ig p e rm a n e n t spring. 
Private. 
Jim 
Toylor 
82+4898. 
Need listing! IO to I,OOO acres. We list everyw here 
924-8116, 
1-587-3126 
H Y A T T R E A L E S T A T E 
N e w B r a u n f e ls - H ill C o u n t ry 
Property. Scheel ft Assoc. Realty. 
647 
S 
Seguin, 
N. 
Braunfels 
62+8o78. 
_______ _ 

NEW HOME 
NEARLY COMPLETE 
Located neor G uadalupe R iver. 
Rock home on 5 acres. A ccess to river to fish, boat or swim. Shown by appointment. 
Priced at 
$58,ooo.oo 
BOERNE RANCH REALTY 
Cliff Lewis, Realtor 
Boerne 249-2o61 
S A. 224 7171 

NIXON 
87Va A c re s . C o u n ty R o o d two sides, creek, tank well. Big Oak 
Trees. Sell all or part. F o r Sale and financed by owner. 695-89o5; 
69+32o5. 
281 N orth. 115 A c r e s , o a k s, 2 w e lls, fenced , c o tta g e , p atio , spring ted lake, deer, no cedar. 
Owner 68+1757 
O LO IN D IA N R A N C H 
85 Acres near Pipe Creek Tx. Big perm anent sp rin g w ater creek 
U nspoiled hun tin g and fish in g. 
C ypress trees, huge boulders. A very unique place. Jim Taylor 
IM 4 t9 l 
-___ 
P O T E E T - $o A C R E S .,* 
Irrigation well, tank, shed, all m inerals intact. Owner carry 
227-o227 Watson & Son 62+1262 
— R A N C H L A N O S — 
Land For All Purposes 
No. 7 FHntstone, 78213 
34+993* 
SO. T E X A S IOO A C R E S O R - 
B R U S H 
C O U N T R Y - E X C E L ­ 
L E N T 
H U N T IN G W A T E R 
W E L L -E L E C T R IC IT Y . 
1o% 
DO W N 
J IM L E E R E A L T Y 
713-461-289o (H O U ST O N ) 

SOUTH OF BOERNE 
144 a c re s w ooded b u ild in g site located on W ln d w o o d E a s t in 
W in d w ood E sta te s. O a k tre e s everywhere. Boerne Schools. Call us today. 
BOERNE RANCH REALTY 
Clift Lewis, Realtor 
Boerne 249-2o61 
S.A. 22+7171 
SOUTH T E X A S 1571 A C R E S 
Webb Co. between F re e r and L a ­ redo. G o o d fe n c e s, 3 ta n k s, stocked, buftei grass, abundance deer, quod, hogs, iaveltna. Joins big ranches, m obile home, elec­ tricity, *26$ acre. Principles only. 
Financing set up, buyer assum es note Owner 512-26+2413, Austin 

SOUTH TEXAS 
Ranches with all m inerals. Call 
Matt Cravev, R ichard Thollm an, 
Realty, 1-992-4291.________________ 

SOUTH TEXAS 
3115 acre cattle ranch, 13 tanks, 
26 p astures, 4 Irrig a tio n w ells. 
Priced below market! laid locators of Tens 
S.A. 667-1154, 667-1333 

SJM . FARM AND RANCH 
R E A L E S T A T E , T h e re o re num erous ranches of 64o acres or larger in L A S A L L E A N D W E B B 
C O U N T Y that we think are good 
Investm ents. F o r specific In fo r­ mation, call or write 
L E E R. P E T E R S 
1-879-2759 
P.O. B O X 563, Cotulla, TX. 78o14 
T u rke y, deer, quail, dove, oak trees. 3oo Acres, 2 m iles east of 
Beeville, su rro u n d e d by la rg e r ranches, secluded. $65o per acre. 
M cCord Farm and Ranch Realty, 
Corpus Christi, 855-6231.________ _ 
U P P E R S A B IN A L C A N Y O N 
145 acres-creefc-dense woods 
J.K. L E IG H T O N , R E A L T O R S 
Vanderpool, 78885 
512-96+ 34oo 
W E C AN S E L L Y O U R 
R A N C H -F A R M O R H O M E 
IN T H E H IL L C O U N T R Y 
H O U ST O N R A N C H R E A L T Y 
Boerne, Tx 78oo6 
249-2116 or 249-3314 
W E ST T E X A S -11,ooo acres at *55 per acre. Good hunting, som e im ­ provements. 227-1333 

Realtors-Farm ft Ranch 
Whet type Ranch do you want? 
R A N C H M A R K E T 226-5184 
Rf. 3 Box 221, San Antonio, 78218 
Will sell or trode eauity. ranch land. San M arcos, for motor home or travel trailer. 342-1679. 
W IL SO N C O U N T Y 
Deep black soil, 6,6oo ft. Cibolo 
R iver frontage, sandy loam with peanut allotment. Coastal. Diver- 
I s itu a tio n in d a iry , cattle, 16o o c r e s Irr ig a t e d c ro p la n d j 
Fenced, cross-fe n ce d . 4 w ells, I tanks, 4 houses, owner financed, 
| 
34+65o3, 49+2o4o 
Marilla Worley Realtors 
IOO Y e a r Old rock hom e on 142 ocre s. 6 m ile s So. of B o e rn e . 
Beautiful O ak T re e s p lu s good soil. Restorable log barn and rock milk house. Owner will finance. 
227-1333 

Re altors F a r m & R a n c h 

234-FARMS FOR RENT 

9oo A C R E S Pastureland . E xce l lent facility for cattle operation 
Good fencing, w orking pens with ; cover, cross-fencing and w aler, blacktop access. Located 12 mi. north Loop 41o on B la n c o R d .] 
$43oo per ye a r in advance. Ft.] 
Sh o w n by a p p t. o n ly . O ffic e 
82+6628, home 342 77o9 
S E Loop 41o, 6 ac h o n e pasture,! fenced, water, 33+2741, 333-4847. J 

236 
COMMERCIAL PROPERTY 

SALE 

SJ AC Babcock, N ear U T SA 
Party house on hilltop, pool space to build apts., townhouses 
82+o665 
73+1766 
344-734# 
W A TSO N ft SO N R E A L T O R S - 
I AC A E -C A L L A G H A N R D 
G O O D P O T E N T IA L , I A C R E 
-ai 
227-o227 Watson ft Son 732-263$ 

7.65 ACRES BANDERA 
Rd. frontage, zoned Bus. -apt. 
Great potential, priced right 
341-4455 
R E A L T O R S 
433-1859 
BARNEBEY AGENCY 
8 acres, corner Ralph F a ir R 
IM1o with S.P. Railroad backings 
512,ooo. per ac. 69823o9 i 
A C R E S K E L L Y O R IV E iff 
T H E A T R E P rop e rty. F rio City 
Rd. Alt fenced and clean. Good tor rem odeling drtve-in theatre or any other com m e rcial venturi, 
828-4452, 82+519o 

FO R ( A M S IS U L ! S 
P l A C I Y O U R W A N T A D 
IN T H I I X P R I SS N I W S 
C A U 2 2 S - 1 6 o 6 

I 
I 

I 
E 
X 
P 
R 
E 
S S - N 
W 
S 
B 
O 
N 
M 
A 
B 
S 

L 
T 
E X A 
S 
S i n 
S 
A 
V 
I N 
G 
S 
. 

2 
L 
I N 
E 
S 
S 
T 
F 

I O 
D A Y S 
# 

NON COMMERCIAL! 
CANCELLABLE 
WITHOUT 
RATE CHANGE 
2 2 5 - 1 6 6 6 
QUICK 
RE 

236 - COMMERCIA! PROPERTY 
SALI 

IH-1o EAST- 
GRAYTOWN RD. 
15 Acres, 83o ft. fron­ tage on IH-1o. $48,ooo. 

IH-35 FRONTAGE 
Approx. 
3o acres with utilities available. $4,ooo per acre. Owner finance. 
TRI-CITY REALTY 
658-o786 

COMMERCIAL PROPERTY 
LEASE 

N O W LEASING 

NORTHSIDE OFFICES, 
W AREHOUSE, 
* 
A N D INDUSTRIAL SPACE. 
PRIME LO CATIO NS 
CALL STEVE MILLER 

6 9 o - o 3 o o 

GREAT AM ERICA r O M F » A N II .S 

R E N T A L S 
11 ll— 
■ ■ ■ ■I - ll. 
4o1 - APARTMEMTS-FilRN 

4o4 - APARTMBiTS SMFURN 
4o4 APARTMENTS UNFURL 
San Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— Sunday April I 7, 1977 
Page I 5-C 

4o1 - APARTMENTS Flfflli 

A D O U B L E B A R R E L L in v e s t­ ment for hom e am i or business. 
D uplex 2-1-1 near Ft Sam . Now rented at $3oo per mo. Zoned J 
F L O Y D P R IC E R E A L T Y . C all 
H a rris Fin n e y collect o-324-2392 
Comoid, Tx or Royal Crown Real- ty, SA Lois Deen S33-3oS8 

I BABCOCK VILLA A PT sT l 
* 
3 o 1 o F r ^ r l a r i r l F c k i i m O n n r l a 

 a p p r o x . 2 A C R E S 
Prim e Com m ercial Site 
Near M ission and Historic trails. 
E A S Y T E R M S 
Sontex Co.,Realtors 653-o44o 

A REAL VALUE! 
M O T E L . 1954 E . H o u sto n st. 
Ow ner willing to finance 
684-4211 or 751-9943 
P IO N E E R R E A L T Y 
Com m ercial lot, West Ave. I blk north of Loop 41o. 341-8561 
C o m m e r c ia t- ln d u s t r ia i a r e a nearby 1.34 acres. 188’ frontage. main thoroughfare at R R . 
M A C R E A L E S T A T E 828-2521 
Com m ercial lot, 1*4x188 between 
• H IO a n d F re d e r ic k s b u r g R d . 
735-273o ofter 5pm_______________ 
D o cto r’s office bldg, 4ooo sq.ft. 
Small down and assum e. 
734-5434 C .P .K O SU B 342-o343 
F O R S A L E O R L E A S E . 33,ooo sq.ft. building, one-story, zoned c o m m e rc ia l, n e a r d o w n to w n , close to freew ay. In c lu d e s a p ­ prox. 2 a c re s of land . L o ts of parking. Available im m ediately.- 
R O H D E B U S IN E S S B R O K E R S 
696-5311 
F O R S A L E O R T R A D E 
B y O w ner, new 1o,ooo sa.ft. of- fice-warehouse. Laredo H w y and 
Southcross. 
Call 
M r. 
Taylor 
655-o833. 
G O O D exposure to heavy traffic. 
H ouse on c o rn e r m ain a rte ry . 
Good tor business conversion. 
M A C R E A L E S T A T E 828-2521 
G O O D O P P O R T U N IT Y , H a r d ­ ware and lum ber in M edina Lake area. Ow ner will finance. 
684-4211 P IO N E E R R E A L T Y 
G O O D O P P O R T U N IT Y , H a r d ­ ware and lum ber in M edina Lake area. Ow ner will finance. 
6844211 P IO N E E R R E A L T Y 
LOOP 16o4 N I 
14.65 A c r e s fro n tin g 4oo ft. on 
Loop ioining 
M eadow 
O aks sub-division. 
14.94 A cres fronting 4oo ft. o Loop 
16o4 N E ioining tract above 
Call 
E D . 
Goza, 
826-5618 or 
227-81o5 
LD. GOZA 
REALTOR«227-81QS 
Lots for sale; 2143 Bandera, 131? 
Basse, 12519 Son Pedro, 734-5o41. 

MOBILE HOME PABK 
28 a c re s ’Y developed w ith 11o spaces. 56o,ooo c a s h flow p lu s depreciation. 
Ow ner 
Corry. 
828-5671. 
Strauder Nelson Realty 

NORTHSIDE 
N ear Son Francisco Steak House. 
O ffic e -W o re h o u se sp a ce . C a ll 
Sandy 
69o-98o2, w eekends 
342-2934. close 
NS, chouse. to airport, Office-war- 
1357 sa. ft. A L S O Office, 
6oo sa. ti. util od. Janitorial se r­ vice. 
Jim 
Via, 
R E A L T O R S 
3494276 
Over 214oo sa tt on Austin Hwy! 
N e a r T e rre ll P la z a S h o p p in g 
C enter. S m a ll office b u ild in g . 
Ideal for n ursery, used co r lot, auto servicing, etc- Ben Lam bert 
Co. 1o51 Austin Hwy. 826-8663 

3oT9 Fredericksburg Road 
EFFICIENCIES, 
I, 
2, 
3 
BEDROOM 
APTS. Convenient living at moderate prices ranging from $155. to $365. 
Fully equipped. 2 Pools, Tennis Courts. 
FURN. OR UNFURN. RATES. 

7 
3 
6 
- 
3 
3 
2 
2 

I 

T 
I M 
E ’ S A 
’ W 
A 
S T 
I N 
’ ! 

 fo rk 
V illa g e ; 

Vacancies in these spacious garden apartm ents won I last long because d em and is h for: 

41o / 
-- "} - f ^ ?- 
■“ W iN D SO t 
PARK, MAU 

 f t s tISlNMAUIR 

/ 
< 

* 
* 
5 

VILLA GA 

W IN D S O R P A R K M M I. 
N O R I HF A ST S C H O O L S 
H R N fS H F D O R 
I N F l K N IS H ! I) 
P M D I T I U T I KS 
P R IV A T E P A T IO S 
PO O CH & P A R T Y R O O M 

 lin o Ray Bon D rh e 

6 5 3 - 7 3 o o 

(94 A P M T M U fT K im 
4o4 APARTMENTS I M W 

Retail and Office Center 
Strip Center to be constructed on 
N a co g d o ch e s n e a r E l D o ra d o . 
Custom space avail. 
ASSOCIATED REALTY 
8241477 or 
826-4o68 

R M -O fflce en Bdwy 
Brock area. 828-2392 Atter 5 

RIVER OUARE 
Beautiful location tor contem por­ a ry art gallery. Room for large works, Call 227-9596 

CARA VEILE 
APARTMENTS 
4848 GOLDFIELD 
I u rn it-h rd o r U n fu r n is h e d 
1-2-3 B E D R O O M 
Single and Family sections, All bills pd. Light­ ed Swimming pools, party room, 5 Min. 
W indsor 
Park 
Mall. 
15 
Min. heart of downtown San Antonio. 
6 6 1 -6 6 6 o 
* Mf I I I 3 5 , O n R i i t i m a n 
D X 

189o sa. ft. of office space: recep tion area, built-in safe area, 4 office cubicles, restroom s, dinette and conference room area. All paneled, 85% carpeted. 674-2181 for appt only 
87oo Square feel of m asonry fire­ proof bldg. Good for va rie ty of uses. Zoned high. Large parking area close to malls. M U S T S E E ! 
Very reasonable. 
696-5o48 
696-5243__________________________ 
V a rio u s size spaces. O ld Tow n 
Squore setting. Boerne V-336-2173 
W arehouse and office space for rent. 12oo sq.ft. w arehouse. 648 sq.ft. office space. $25o m o plus utilities. 824-2329. 
Warehouse. 4c Sa. FL 
2o,ooo Sa. ft. railroad, fireproof construction, 5 paneled air condi­ tioned offices, centrally located. 
Call area code 512-995-359o. 

WAREHOUSE 
Over 8,ooo sa ft plus large office. 
Masonite bldg, on Dakota St. long terms, reasonable. W B. Atkins 
922-o881. 

Ow ner ca rry and consider offer, nearest 53o,ooo for zoned J com ­ m ercial business off San Pedro. 
Jim W agnor 344-2341, 8B8-246o 
B O B J O N E S, R E A L T O R 
R A IL S P U R R , a cre s zoned 
•1-2*. Next to Kelly Field. $32,5oo. 
O w n e r fin a n c e , e a s y te rm s. 
8284452, 826-519o 
R O O S E V E L T C O R N E R , Shop, office, home. Good sm all business location. N o Agents. 533-o756. 

SAN ANTONIO AREA 
EXCLUSIVE LISTINGS 
(All six percent, will co-broker 
5o-5o) 

77 Ac, NW , in S.A., zoned opts., 
515,5oo ac., beautiful oaks. 

24 Ac, over 9oo ft. frontage on F M 
16o4, n e a r U T S A , N O T o v e r aauifer, 67c sa.ft. 

1o3 Ac, over 4,ooo ft. frontage on 
IH-1o, 7 mi. NW of U TSA , $8,9oo ac. 

19 Ac, over 1,9oo ti. frontage on 
F M 16o4, near U T SA , N O T over aquifer, 91c sq.ft. 

72 Ac N W S A., n e a r M e d ic a l 
Center and UTSA, zoned opts and business, $15,5oo ac. All utilities. 

8.75 Ac, IH -IoE and Loop 41o, In­ dustrial, only 35c sa.ft. 

52 Ac, IH -1oE and F o ste r Rd., 
$9,5oo ac. Excellent corner. 

Son M a rc o s, 19 A c excellent in ­ dustrial site, rail, IH-35 frontage, 
<mly 5oc sa ft. 

W eissgarber Properties, Inc. 
<512)349-3786, P O. Box 324o9 
San Antonio, 78216 
744o sq.ft. P ro fe d d io n a l B ld g. 
Owned, designated by prominent architect, off N, M a in . T e rm s. 
V o id s 
Realty 
Inc. 
695-9143, 
4943156. 

WAREHOUSE SPACE 
8.ooo sa. ft. new m asonry building tor sale, near expressw ay, easy term s tor strong buyer. 
9.ooo sa. ft.. M aso n ry building tor fease, month to month or long term. 
4,5oo sa. ft. for lease. 
P E A C O C K , R E A L T O R S , 824-o511 

FURNISHED 
APARTMENTS 

F R O N 

* 4 6 . Weekly 

* 1 5 2 . Monthly 
.Studio, I - I b e d ro o m s, 

NO LEASE 

TENNIS COURT 
ADULT LIVING— NO PETS 

WARRAN HOUSE 
3222 N.W. Loop 41o 
"pf of Get why rtf and o(c«»s rood 4TO** 
342-4o29 

W A T E R F R O N T C O T T A G E 
2 BR, 2 Both with 11o feet on 4o’ deep Nueces R iver. Com pletely furnished. Large lot with trees. IO min. boat ride to L a k e C o rp u s 
C h r is ti; 4 m ile s fro m G e o rg e 
West. O nly 517,5oo. G iles G ra d y 
Co. 3747 So. A lo m e d a C o r p u s 
C h risti, T X . P h (512)854-o2o6, nifes 852-5286. 

242-INDUSTRIAL PROPERTY 
EQR SALE 

IN D U S T R IA L LO T S 1 j Acre and up. Zoned 1-1; fully developed. 
V I P. Park. E a sy terms. 433 1489 

248-OFFICE SPACE FOR LEASE 

P R E S T IG IO U S O F F IC E S P A C E 
In g ro w in g 
N .W . s e c to r. 
Reasonable rates. G re ate r S.A. 
Butlers Assoc. 
8925 N.W. IH-1o. 696-38oo. 

1 & 2 Bedroom 
Apts. 

FURN.& UNFURN. 

 family & Adult Sections 

2 Pools & Playground 

R e n ta ls sta rtin g at 

$1 BS 

In clu d in g U tilities 

PAINTERS M IU 
52oo BLANCO 
349-2222 

X p artn | rn | (i^ m S d e d w ' 
W e ’ll fin d you rs, free. 

I BEDROOM 
WITH 
BONUS ROOM 

S2 o S . to *225. 

Ten floor pion-, to choose from for exquisite adult living. All bills paid 
Recreation room, large balconies, outdoor Bor 8- 
Oue grills, icemokers, fire­ places and beamed ceilings. 

N e a r North Star M all 

PENNYSTONE APTS. 
Convenient to Brooks A F B. and 
I downtown area. Efficiency, I and 
J bedrooms, storting at $!So. All bills pd. 9 to 5 W eekdays, and 12 to 
$ Sat. <7oo Strtngfeilow. $33-3691 

H IW 1o b ik h cw t? 
TS 

PLANT NUTS 
ISS the H E R I TAG 
Don't m iss the H E R IT A G E if you lore looking for the ideal opt. to 
1 keep plants. I O R 2 covered pottos tor every apt 
T H E H E R IT A G E 
I 1543 Babcock at N.W CO O P 41o 
341 2228 

 a p a rtm e n ts 
Leasing D aily 9-6; Sunday 

1 Bedroom $1 5o 
2 Bedroom $22o 
FURN.-UNFURN. 
All 
Utilities 
Paid. 
Large playgrounds, 
Basketball 
Goal, 
Shuffle board. 
Lighted tennis court, 3 large swimming pools. 
Near Brooks A I B. State Hospital, 
Pecan Volley Golf Course. 
Truly the b e st re n tal v a lu e in to w n . 
2715 lasses 
333-5339 

6 5 3 - 7 3 o o 

ADULT LIVING 

FRONT DOOR BUS SffiVRl 

2-BEDROOM, $2o5. 

POOL, UTILITIES PO CLOSE TO 

SHOPPING CENTER AND POST 

OFFICE 

T H E 

H A B I T A T 
3815 WEST AVE. 

3 4 4 - 7 7 2 o 

 s i s 

 t 
C t ! 

H A T ; 
EST AVE. 
I 

7 7 2 Q 
I 
S B I 

D P W 7 O A T S A W H X 
O F H C I S TH R O U G H O U T TEXAS 
3121 M W. LOOP 41o 
3 4 9 - 1 7 3 7 

D iBICT C O R M SPO N O IN Cf TO 
4123 n . C e rro AL EXPWY 
DALLAS, TEX. 752o4 

1 8 6 8 6 6 * 8 

LA PLAZA 

3 4 1-462 1 

• I -2-3 Bedrooms 
• Smgle and Family 
Sections 
• Fireplaces 
• Tennis 

115 KW LOOP 41o 
Across From 
# 
North Star Moll 

 r n 

NORTHEAST 

Q p 
O 
P t m o n t s 

COUNTRY LIVING 
CITY CONVENIENCE 

 lo w Rent *125 
M o. Up 
SINGLE LEVEL 

FURNISHED UNFURNISHED 
656-2116 
71o6 Glen Terrace 
Dose to Randolph AFB 

R O O M A T E W A N T E D 
Shore m y Townhouse 349-8651 
S A V E Y O U R S E L F 
Tim e, trouble, m oney. We find new apartm ents for you. owner pay* fee Econom y to luxury, oil over town 
T H E G O L D E N K E Y 
Apartm ent Locators 828-5739 

S E C U R IT Y 
P L U S 
Apts. of Distinction 
Efficiencies - I and 2 bedroom s 
Furnished and Unfurnished 
T H E V IL L A F O N T A N A 
123 B R A C K E N R ID G E A V E . 
(O F F 27oo B R O A D W A Y ) 
_______828:1191_______ 
Southside Duplex Apt. Very clean 
2 b e d ro o m . C e n tra l a ir-h e a t, w a s h e r -d ry e r conn. $17o m o 
W ater pd. 822 P u rr 333-o8o4______ 
THE TAHITIAN 
2-Bedroom, I Bath, $23o. 
J Bedroom , 2-Bath, 15oo sa ft $3oo 
The location is so conveniently located a second fam ily car Is not needed. 
A L L U T IL IT IE S P A ID 
One Block To North Star Moll 
2o2 B IR C H L E A F , 342-o285 

CHOICE RENTALS 
UNFURNISHED HOMES 
1o5 HERWICK — 3 bedroom}. 2 both, 4 cor carport, (argo den, with wet ber, formol living- dining, CASTLE HILLS. SS SO. 
239 PRIMERA — 4 Bedroom,, 
2 'Y bath,, I ta r garage. Central cir and heot. Spociou, 2 story itone home in Olmos Park. $47S. 
5o1 SKYTOREST — 3 bedroom, 2 berth, 2 cor garage, centro! heot and oh. 
H O U Y W OOD 
PARK. 
$4oo. 
41 SUTTON PLACE — 2 bedroom, 
2Vi both, townhouse, carpeted, central hoot A air. $43o plus cond foe. 

4727 
CASA 
M A N A N A 
— 
3 bedrooms, I berth, I car garage, fenced, control heat and air, 
SIERRA NORTH AREA. $24o. 

FURNISHED & UNFURNISHED 

APARTMENTS 
3o2 
W. 
MAGNOLIA 
— 
I bedroom, 
I both, furnished apartment, air condition $1oo. 
Water paid. 

178 NAT A U N — I bedroom, I bath, furnished apartment, air condition, garage, water paid. 
$11o. 

828-99o1 Anytime 

R o so a r& 'k tiiift, 

Rf A LT O M — SO YIA R S Of TRUST 

4o8 KOMES, DUPLEXES, 

S B B S B 
S tu d e n ts! N o d e p -N o le a se bdrm cottage, fenced tor pet. $5o 
United, 735-9121, fee (34o-1) 
T H U N D E R B IR D H IL L S 
3-1, 
I btk. 
Blent. 
S c h o o l, 
$1734-d«p7735 887o 
Untorn. 3 bedroom, I bath house, large fenced yard. *13o mo. $1oo dep. 12613 Bell 826-46o5_________ 

VALENCIAS eO RAi 
3-2-2, livin g room , fam ily room , electric kitchen, fenced. $275, 
M O R R IS R E A L T Y , 654-o616. 

412 ROOMS, FURNISHED 

A lam o H ats. P riv a te room , en- trance. $7o 824 3o22, 736 2225 

ALPHA HOTEL 
Reasonable, daily, weekly rotes 
Downtown 315 N M ain 
____ 
Clean, e ld e rly p erson, kitchen privileges, som e meals tor 35 to 5o cents. Room *75.oo mo $32 1994 
For Perm anent Living 
Downtown, Check oui toe 
TRAVELERS HOTEL 
M ost Reasonable Rates 
22o Broadw ay 

416 ROOMS i m BORRO 

Will core tor your aged loved one 
In m y h o m e , p r iv a t e ro o m , reasonable 922-8918 

5o1-BUSINESS OPPORTUNITIES 

A D U L T 
X X X 

W e s t 

ATRIUM GARDEN OFFICES 
H a n d so m e g a rd e n o ffic e s fo r creative minds. Informal, reason­ ably priced. Convenient at 1938 
N E Loop 41o. Leasing. 826-3251. 
Henry S. M iner Co. R E A L T O R S . 
B e a u tifu l offices. 4oo sa.ft. or m ore, off N. M ain, $16o up. In ­ cludes util, m ain tenance. V A U ­ 
L T S 
R E A L T Y 
INC. 
69$9143, 
494-3156. 

NORTHSIDE OFFICES 
L u x u rio u s , no le a se re q u ire d . 
Open doily. Office 3 *1oo; 5-5135; 
9*14o; 
11 *75. 
696-833o, totes 
341-2724. 
Office space for rent, 57o. Need 
H ig h la n d B an k. 22o3 So h a c k ­ berry. Call 5324327 M r Black 

Let u s find y o u r s — 
24 Hr. 
TO W NH O U SI-APARTM tN T 
LOCATORS 
822-o681 
FRIE— No charge to you 
“The P ro fe ssio n a ls in a p t. locating.** 

VidiutiM, 

• I b e d r o o m 
• $ 1 7 o 
. 
• A ll b ills p a id 
• N e a r USAA, UTSA, 
M e d . C e n t e r 
• S a u n a $ - P o o l 

6 
9 
o 
- o 
o 
o 
1 

1 o 7 o 7 IH I O W E S T 
• Take Wurzbach Exit stay on access Vj mi. 

 l i l l / i d ? 

N e a r 
K e ll y - L a c k i a n d 
A F B 

• limited number of effi­ ciencies and 
I -bedroom apts. 
Furnished or Unfur­ nished. Now available. 
58oo 
MEDINA BASE ROAD 
... 674-7oo4 

T h e 

B b u ^ y o rd lf 

2 & 3 Be dr rn. 
Apts. 

All Electric Kitchens. 

Outside Storage K.S. Schools. 

4411 Gardendale 
(=J 
696-4892 

THE TARA APTS 
8o51 BROADWAY 
AN A P A R T M E N T 
Unforgetable as Its name 
1 B E D R O O M , *16o 
2 B E D R O O M . $215 
Have just added 2 new tennis courts. 
U T I L I T I E S P A I D 
824-oo61, 828-7393 
T O W N H O U SE IN O A K H IL L S 
2 b e d ro o m I to b a th w ith 2 balconies. Private 341-1262 

CHOICE RENTALS 

$81o Castle Brook 3 2 1 . . . $245 

8223 Quoit Creek 3 2 2 . . $ 2 5 o 

6318 Ingram Rd. 3-2-2____ $3oo 

12521 Sandpiper 3-2-2..,. $3oo 

831o Iou Gehrig 3 2 2 
$35o 
C a l l 8 2 8 - 5 7 o 4 

CENTURY 21 

BOB R O D G E S , REALTORS 

8 1 o 7 B r o a d w a y 

B O O K S T O R E 
M o n e y m a k e r. Im m e d iate p o s­ session Phone 656 STOS 

A D V E R T I S I N G 
M A N A G E M E N T 

P ro v e n sy ste m se rv e s T ra v e l 
Aviation Industries. Paten! P ro ­ tected. Executive caliber m an or wom an to m anage one of several 
I territories. Full training. Ad ex 
; pe rle n ce u n n e c e ss a ry $19,5oo 
I cosh required, rapid return. Coli 
I collect Dan W ard 
(8 1 3 ) 53 1-14 41 or write A IR P O R T B U T L E R 
St Pete in n Airport 
Clearwater, Fig 3352o i 595 a month, 2314 S. Flores, tortll 
Ha shoo, beauty shop, appliance, etc. 226-6984 

TV M O N IT O R E D S E C U R IT Y 
G A R D E N P A T IO S 
C L U B R O O M S 
G Y M A N D S A U N A S 
1-2-3 B E D R O O M S , 12 B A T H S 
*185. to *275 B IL L S P A ID 
P A R K T O W N E APT S. 
434-4191 
2o11 B A N D E R A R O A D 
Between Hillcrest and Callaghan 
*185 Untorn. I bedroom. $5o dep, ah biffs pd. 824-2491 
V IL L A G E O A K S APTS. 
1-2 Bedroom s, and E v id e n c e s 
U T IL IT IE S P A ID 
SOH N. New Braunfels 828-4242 

C H O IC E R E N T A L S 
, I B E D R O O M A PT , *95 
(3 B E D R O O M , range, $175 
3 B E D R O O M , range, refrig, $185 
$2, range, *21o 
Century 21 
D E L A N E Y R E A L T Y 653 o55o 
Colonial Country Home jpiicctions now being taken to 

"I A U T O D E A L E R S H I P 
For sole. 6o year going business 
1-SI 2-781 
JO E V A J D O S 
'78o-2225 

LIVING SPACES 

NOW AVAILABLE 
OLMOS TOWER 
824-6661 
THE CHELSEA 
824-2226 
ROYAL GEORGE 
824-2226 

C A U FOR APPOINTMENT 

3o1 o9-15 W Magnolia 
A p a rtm e n ts fro m *1oo and up- , 
■ 
Near SAC, convenient shopping, ! * or‘!<"9' w o rrie d couple O N L Y 
No other need apply. W ater pd 

Applications i rent darling, birch paneled 2 be id ro o m on B a n d e r a R d ., n e o r 1 
Medical Center, U T SA and Loop I 
41o Quiet, responsible, m ature, I 

B E A U T Y S H O P R A N D O L P H 
A F B A R E A 
'O ld established bu sin e ss with S stations complete and excellent 
' following. 
T R I-C IT Y R E A L T Y 
_____________ 658 o786 
B E E R T A V E R N G ood clientele, 
! High traffic area, Great potential 
IColl 432 9o7o ofter U A M __________ 

 j Boerne Antique bar need fam ily style restaurant. 1-336-2173 

 bus lines Call 733-9857. 

4o6 HOMES, DUPLEXES 
FURNISHED 

B O E R N E 
G oing fabric business, inventory and fixtures. 
Owner anxious, 

4i;3o9p m e' <>eD req * * * l m of,* r ' A M A S O N R E A L T Y 
I 249 8532 
I p m ____________________________ 
| Cozy 3 bdrm , den, appls, cen! air, I i carpet, fenced *18o 
United, 735-9121, fee (4o5-1) 
A ll bills pd. I bdrm duplex. Ai heat, carport, fenced *175 
United, 735-9121, fee (341-3) 
I, gr pie, only $85. fenced. 
United, 735-9121, toe (337-2) 

M E T R O H O U SE -D O W N T O W N 
M O D E R N E F F IC IE N C Y - F U R N . 
$12o. to $135. 213 4TH ST. 226-7333 

' S O 
U 
T H 
A M 
Y 
I U 
A 

• e w A PA RT M f N TS 
A 

 l& 

Prim e office space on new Norht 
E x p re s sw a y neor airp o rt, re a ­ sonable rate, covered parking, all conveniences. 344-3456 weekdays 

• Mixed Dunk flub lot littles 
• Gym and (tee Liertise 
(losses e Beauty Shop 
• 5ouno Whnipool o Tennis Courts 3 pools 
• Frost free lYfngerotors e IO Minutes to 
Downtown 

4o32 E. Southcross 
337-5242 

Will design offices In suit tenant, am ple free parking, 46oo B ro a d ­ way. 828 2o2o, 824-6371. 

M O R R IS D O W N T O W N A P T S 
A P R E S T IG E A D D R E S S 
Efflciency-l bdrm 2-bdrm-central a ir-h e a t. 128 E . M a in P la z a . 
227-288o From $165-Up plus Pep 
M O T E L efficiency a p a rtm e n ts a n d ro o m s. B y d a y , w e e k o r m onth. 
D 12-9112, 
P E 4 6767, 
LE2-o152, CA7-47o2, N e a r Ft. 
Sam. TA2-1377. 
Near Ft. Sam. L arge TVj bedroom apt. $11o 822 9511 
N E A R FT S A M 
Nice large I bedroom torn. apt. wafer pd. $1oo 824-8349. 
N e a r F I 
S a m , n ice , c le a n 3 rooms, air. W afer pd $135. Sfon 
Poole, 695-3721. 494 5221 

I minute to IH-1o. 
Private adult and family 

 section. 
6 9 o - 1 7 o o 

49o9 Woodstone Drive mrniMinti.pptn m m i M M M H d 

GREENBRIER APTS. 
8535 GREENBRIER 
(Just off Broadway and North 
Loop 41o} 

(Close to Crown Tower Bldg.) 

• Adults Only 
• Home like atmosphere 
• large I bedroom apts. 
• 2 Bedroom apts. 
• Large spacious rooms 
• Covered parking 
• Pool • Party room 
• laundry • Bus line 
• All utilities paid 
828-42oo 

THE OAKS APTS. 

23oo NACOGDOCHES RD. 

824-2824 
824-2976 

3 Bedroom, 2 Vt Bath 

Townhouse 

Overlooking lovely 
Ook heed 

Courtyard. 

Adult Living 

12-1 dup lex, lo c a le ti n e a r L o ck - 
1 land Kelly. Range, refrigerator. 
I d is h w a s h e r in c lu d e d . 
$226. 
’ 344-62o7, 684-433o 
I 
Oeanie Owens Co. 
.(D u p le x , n e a r H o lly w o o d P k . 
I bed room D u p le x. N ic e ly fur- Deluxe features, lease, 494 $896. nished. Redone inside and exfer j c n o c a i c a s ? o c i j t 

H r e t o c ic ^ ^ a r a a e " ° d w * b a r k ™ * 1 bedroom. J bath home has yard, w ater pd Y a rd k e p t N o o11 "»« c o n ve n ie n c e s 
I pets. Ideal for couple in school, j $135 plus deposit. Location John 
Page Or., near Jefferson Village. 
Coll 735-43o9 
C arp eted I b d rm A ir-h e o l, all bills pd. 5145. Kids-Pets 
United, 735-9121, fee (342-2) 
Converse. B rick 3 bdrm , den, 2 baths, cent air, garage, fenced 
$25o 
United, 735-9121, fee (357-2)___ 
Coof oft* I bdrm duplex, air-heat, water pd. SUO. Fenced 
United, 735-9121, fee (338-3) 

Northeast schools, walk to area sw im ond tennis club Rent for 
$425. 824 o171, N iles 655-8859. 
RED CARPET 
R E A L T O R S 

BUSY CORNER 
24x5o bldg and lot, Schertz 
828 o665 
736-1766 
534-4439 
W A T SO N A SO N R E A L T O R S 
C A B IN E T S H O P All equipm ent. 
Lots of business! 648-3514. after 6, 
333-3423____________________ . 
Cate and lounge, fully equip pool table, lu k e b o x . kitch e n e a u ip 
*5ooo 1423 S P re sa 532-o515 

CAR WASH 

F R E E ! to m onths rent. Clean, c e n tra l a ir, a p p ls. 3 b e d ro o m close to South P a rk Mall. *14$ mo 
712-3o17 atter 5:3o 

126 H illcrest (U C.) 3-2, garage, Hwy. 826 8643 central air $175 824-7913 
- - * " " 
‘ 
Nice mobile hom e for rent. l6 min. 
Lackland. Couples. $98. 922-o737 
Pleasanton 2 bdrm mobile home, central heat-air, carpet, fenced 
S II* 
United, 73S-9H1, tee (35o-3) 

318 Freiling. Oft Vance Jackson 
Rd. 2 b e d ro o m s, fenced yard. 
$14$. Ben Lam bert Co. 1o*1 Austin 

Self service car w ashes are suc­ cessful enough to pay tor them selves in 3 years. We have several 
4-6 bay locations selectd for turn key b u s in e ss N o rm a l c a sh in ­ vestment $1o,ooo 
A U T O C A R E C O M P A N Y 
P-G.Box 23184 
San Anlotoo.Texas 78223 
337-6232 
C O L L E C T I O N 
A G E N C Y , 
Established.accounts, 227-7272 
Dam aged bldg. 8x16, 12x24, 14x4o term s free del 732 $171 

5o23 F R IE D E L L . 3-1 $13o 
824-4521 
342-1849 
T U R N E R R E A L T Y 

2o2 Rainbow Orive, Terrell Plaza area, I Bedroom . Newly redecor­ ated. W ater pd, oir unit, garage. 
$15o or less. Col. HIX, 655-4264 

2 T R A C T S each con tain in g a p ­ prox. 25J acres, located at inter­ section of Loop 41o S E and S.W.W. 
White Rd. Ail utilities available. 
Terms. 
A P P R O X . I A C R E on U S IS I at the N E com er of F M 16o4. N ear 
C alaveras Lake. Older buildings on property. 
Walter P. Schulze Realty 
333-4971 
653-2254 
532-7164 
W A R E H O U S E 14 FT. C E IL IN G 
Offices in front, 57oo sq.ft. QCof yard space, zoned J 
Best location, term s, call auick 
736-1766 
828-o665 
333-1163 
W A TSO N & SO N R E A L T O R S 
W A R E H O U S E 14 FT. C E IL IN G 
Offices in front, 57oo sq It. 
Lots of yard space, zoned J 
Best location, terms, call quick 
736-1766 
828-o665 
333-1163 
W A T S O N * SO N R E A L T O R S 

14x12 Fully furnished, carpeted, secretory and answ ering service available. 
Rent negoo. 
Call 

 amarna— 
252 SELL OR EXCHANGE 

Clean etfic apt, $9o bills pd. Ideal for single. 732-5297 
Corol Sands 1515 W. Contour (E. of 57oo San P e d ro ) air, pool. 2 bdrm turn. $16o. 826-7913. 

NO L E A S E R E Q U IR E D 
Near Ft. Sam and downtown. Ef- fic. Apts. Bills Paid, $89 per mo. 
227-47o2. 1954 E. Houston.________ 
North Central Location, E lm ira and M cCullough ond IH35. Newly decorated. N ear bus, adults only. 
No pets. Unfurnished I bedroom. 
W ater pd $125. with dec 6 Mo. 
Lease. 226-53o1 after 6 and wee­ kends, 696 o73o 

H A V E C A SH B U Y E R S o ld e r h o m e s, a p ts n e e d in g repairs. John B. Eccell, B ro k e r 
6o8 Gunter Bldg 226-7o31 824-8o23 

Couple desires c o ^ d to shore 4 bedroom home. 655-43o5. 8-3pm. 
825 E. C a rso n . $1oo. B ills pd. 
Deposit paid later. 227-45o4 

254 REAL ESTATE WANTED 

Efficfences, oir, bus, shops *3o wk. $125 mo. up. Bills pd. Section 
8. 534 34o1, 434-9645. 

NORTHEAST NO LEASE 
A tt r a c t iv e l-b e d ro o m , d is h ­ washer, shag, pool Bills od. $165 and up. $25. Dep. IO Min. Ft. Sam. 
321o E I S E N H A U E R off H a r ry 
Wurzbach. 822 919$ 

TURTLE CREEK 
EFFICIENCIES 
- C A B A N A S 

2 -B E D R O O M S 
STARTING at $16o. 
8631 FAIRH A VEN 

6 9 6 -4 5 1 o 

HILL TOF VILLAGE INC. 

HILLTOP CIRCLE 

KERRVILLE, TX 78o28 

512-257-7911 

A Methodist Ministry to the aging, 

 providing 
3 levels of rare 

Retirement, ICF lf, ICF III. Retire 

 men* rotes storting af S241 mon­ 

 th. Nursing rates starting at 5335 

 month 

< ii vail 

EFFICIENCIES 

I -2-3 Bedroom Flats to 
Bedroom Townhouses 

- ^ 3 8 1 5 P a rk d a le 

T = T 
6 9 6 -3 4 9 9 

R a n d o lp h 
I b d rm 
4-p ie x. 
Air-heat, carpet, carport, storage. 
5155 
United, 735-9121, tee (345-3) 

H andym an Special. 3 bdrm , needs repair, tor rent. C om e r lot. 
United, 735-9121, fee (397 I) 

HOMES $2oo TOTAL m ove in. 3 and 4 bedroom s. Why rent? Anybody con buy. June paym ent 
674-6126 
R A E Real Estate 
122 Kon Tiki. Lackland Kelly 3 1. 
Air, fence, stove, refrig 
$16o 
826-7913 

Individual buys houses that need re p airs; Equities or Repos. P o ­ co , 64*9 O ld H w y 9o W e st. 
673 2573, 533-9o98 
Will pay high dollar for houses, e ve n if b u rn t out o r n e e d in g repairs. Any size, any kind, any­ where. Po-Co, 6459 Old H w y 9o 
West, 673-2573 or 533 9o98 

256-REAL ESTATE LOANS 

6o x7o’ Steel Bldg on to Ac. 8 It security fence. Parts room, 2 of- fices, shop. $65,ooo firm. 532 4151. 

238-COMMERCIAL PROPERTY 
LEASE 

3<? A C R E S . R E A S O N A B L E ! 
Ideal tor m any uses, close In, 5148 
Blanco Rd. 227-7857 
AN E X C E L L E N T LO C A T IO N 
2327 Vance Jackson Rd. Available soon. Space for beauty shop, flor­ ist or other. 1,ooo sq.ft. $275 mo. 
73S-o961, 696-7777. 

A V A IL A B L E 
IM M E D IA T E L Y — Otftce-Ketoil 
Sp ace . 12oo sq.ft. lo ca te d 
C ro ss ro a d s C enter at Gen. 
M cM ullen at W. Com m erce. 
Am ple parking, good traffic flow. ce n tral location. S u b ­ lease, will negotiate term s. 
C O Y L E E 226 8648. 

AVAILABLE WAREHOUSE 
AND OFFICE SPACE 
All sizes to meet a n y need. All areas at 5.A. Ernest Soble Com- rn ere IQI Prop 349-3639 
B U S Y L O C A T IO N S 
722 W. Hildebrand-1233 Bosse Rd. 
Hildebrand- Approx. 1,ooo sa.ft. 
Antiques, pet shop or nightclub. 
$375 mo. Basse- Office or sm all business, $135 mo. 735-o961, Niles 
696-7777. ________________________ 

Efficiency, private, quiet, carpet, oir. 533 969o. Bills pd. 
Efficiency apartment. I male on­ ly. 51oo 735-485o_________________ 
EXTRA LARGE 
3 Bedroom, 2-bath, quiet, seclud­ ed, covered patio, outside storage. 
T H E H E R IT A G E 
1543 Babcock Rd. at NW Loop 41o 
_____________341-2228 
FONTAINEBLEAU APTS 
1235 E. M U L B E R R Y 
82 6-5o 81 
__________________________________ ( The best located apt cornule* in 

For rent near Medical Center and 
U T S A . C le an , nice a n d quiet. 
Partially turn 2 bedroom, 2 both, 

3^1°32S3*or*68^ 4722' ° r P e * ' S ,9 S i door'Vo* F L Som H ouTton ’a n d 
341-3253 or 684-4722 
B r o o „ A r m y M e d j c o , C e n t e r . 
Convenient to Brackenridge Golf 
! C ourse and tennis cou rts. C o n ­ venient to all major e x p re ssw a ys: i IH 35, IH 37, IH IO and the new 
I North E x p re ssw a y. Reasonab le 
; rates, all bills paid 

NW- O F F Fred ericksb urg 
Nice t bedroom Duplex. Carpet, air, water pd. 
Adults. 
$12o. 
824 8369 
Off H ueb ner Rood, la rg e 2 be droom m obile home, furnished, air, no pets. 824-o337 

M A K E R E 
L O A N S 8 % F ir s t liens. M a x 8 yrs. Buy notes less than 8 % with discount. 
A V. Rodriguez-Broker 222-o98o 

3o2 MOBILE HOMES RENT 

4o1 APARTMENTS FURN 

P A N A M A P A R T M E N T S 
56o2 B IE N V IL L E DR. off W eidner 
1 rtl M odern I Bedroom . 653 2663. 

PECAN VALLEY 
Coll Club Apts. 
345o E. SOUTHCROSS 
333-9o2o 

 la ^ a i 

S f c n o r t h 

A P A R T M 
E N T S 

Country Living in the City 
I -bedroom Apts. now avowable 
Furnished or Unfurnished 
6 miles north of Loop 41o on Babcock turn left at Springtime 
6 5 4 2 Sp rin g Branch 
6 9 o -1 4 6 o 

Carl laa' 
A r m * 

Q uiet H o m e 
Style Livin g 

Effic to 3 bdrm. Townhouses with toepieces 12 floor pions. Adult & fomily Areos. 

6 6 2 3 C a lla g h a n Rd. 
_ 
6 9 6 -3 2 9 o 

I s ) 

THE 
G R E E N H O U SE 

I BEDROOM 
TOWNHOUSES 
FROM $185 

72oo S PRESA 

532-7389 tst 

4o8 HOMES, DUPLEXES, 
UNFURNISHED 

A A A A A A A A AW. 
Still renting? 
Own your own home. Some only 
$1oo dow n! No C red it? No prob- 
I tem! 922-2173, 673-4714, 674-75o9 
P A T M C V E Y R E A L E S T A T E 
AAA 
W H Y R E N T when you can move 
In for only HOO or *3oo total move ! 
I in ? 3 and 4 bedrooms, paym ents j 
.start from $13o to $45o. Ju ne! payment. 
674-6126_________R & E Real Estate 
A B IG 4 bedroom, 2 bath, fenced, central heat-air. $27$ mo. Call 
IN T E R S T A T E 828-o755 til 8 pm 
A Choice of 3-4 bedroom homes to rent. Le a se with option to buy 
Own your home NO W ! $19o to $5oo mo. 
G A S E B A K E R R E A L T Y CO- 
69o-899o E ve s 696*8o5, 342-7712 

L E A S E 
122 
Savannah. 
3-1 
*17$ i 824-4521 
342-4849 
T U R N E R R E A L T Y j 3-2, located across from Blossom 
I Athetotic Center. Includes range, dishw asher, and fireplace. $38$. 
344 62o7, 684 413o 
Deanie Owen* Co. 

E S T A B L IS H E D 
Beauty Salon clientele. All equip­ ment, furniture, fixtures in sole. 
M A C R E A L E S T A T E 828 2571 
E X C E L L E N T S H O R T -T E R M 
T A X W R IT E -O F F 
O utstanding e a rn in gs potential 
Large new restaurant. Pay sm all e q u ip ty . 
L e a s e 
$5oo,ooo in a s s e t s — 8ooo sq .ft.b ld g , a n d equipment on I acre land tor *34o month. Le a se renew ed a u to m a ­ tically unless you cancel. Laredo, 
T X 723-o291. 
E x p e r ie n c e d 
F R A N C H IS E 
S A L E S M A N n e e d e d Se ll o u r franchise and earn 3o% on each 
*5,ooo franchise sold. Unlim ited potential in unique loan b ro k e r­ age business. Call Dick Carbonel 
(713)44o 178o 

Located on quiet cul-de-sac In Red 
H orse M a n o r. 5 min. Randolph 
A F B 3-2-2 with fireplace. *35o. 
Avail June I. 658 39o5 

E X P L O S IV E 
O P P O R T U N IT Y 
Experience multi level m arketing reps, to share largest retirement com m ission known today Ground floor opportunity $35 Investment, 
B U Y B A C K G U A R A N T E E Coll. 
653*111 day, 494 3149 eve*. 

L o o k! 2 b d rm , a PPt^s, g a ra g e , j FANTASTIC OPPORTUNITY 

 s k u l k s ? 
Lovely 2 b d rm with stove, cent tv, lust south of Loop 41o *3o,ooo 

L IV E B E T T E R F O R L E S S ! 
G R O U N D L E V E L D U P L E X E S 
F U R N O R U N F U R N 
E X C E L L E N T M A IN T E N A N C E 
H IG H L A N D H IL L S A P T S 
2931 E. S O U T H C R O S S 
$34 88o8 

KEY GROUP 

Corner business tor rent, 1923 W. 
Commerce. 237-2832, 735-563o 
F o r L e a se : B ric k W are h ou se . 
44oo sa- ti . c o v e re d lo a d in g. 
Fenced, e asy Interstate access. 
123-2695 or >22 9523. 

ADULTS ONLY 226-3547 t B d rm Apt.-585, F u rn . Room , 
Men only-*4o. All Bills pd. 318 
M adison__________________________ 
ADULTS SOUTHSIDE 
6 Locations convenient to D ow n­ town, M c C re le ss, B ro o k s A F B . 
Efficiencies. I ond 2 Bed room . 
From 5125 mo. 533-948o, 533-o511, 
533 11oo__________________________ 
A L A M O H E IG H T S E F F IC IE N C Y 
I bdrm, oir, carpet, bills Dd 
828-o665 Watson & Son 
734-4)17 

APTS. F U R N I S H E D 
$145. 
B A N D E R A and E V E R S RD. 
H I D D E N M E A D O W 
5959 W U R Z B A C H 
684-3311 

San Antonio. Large, beautiful I or I R O O M M A T E needed to sh a re 
2 bedroom apts, beautiful swim - apartment. 344-1516. 
___________ m ing pool ond court ya rd Just 
R O O M 
M A T E 
W A N T E D , call se co n d s fro m dow ntow n, next ! 
696-o195 j Mature woman to share lovely 3 bedroom, 2 bath, brick home with den. Hom e located northside In 
Shenandoah by U S A A and U TSA. 
Sharing a 3 bedroom apartm ent ot the Boardw alk is easy on the wallet, just SHO each for 3 people. 
You can divide your time am ong the pool, club room, and laundry. 
We are also close to Central P a rk and Wonderland. 
3536 West Avenue 349-42o3 
B a rry Gillingwater Co 

• • • • • • • • 

APTS. F U R N I S H E D 

FONTANA APTS 
NO L E A S E R E Q U IR E D 
You can pay your monthly rent in 1 
I, 2 or 3 paym ents. Enjoy color I 
TV, radio pool, m aid-linen ser- I vice. All bills od W E E K L Y rates ! 
3414 Fredericksburg Rd. 736 4444 j 
F R E E S E R V IC E 
APARTMENT FINDERS 
824-6351 
Furn. Effic. Apt, air, heat! car- I acted, pool. $12o mo. Bills pd. 1oo2 
N E Loop 41o, atter 6 P M , 824 7814 or 824-4473 ______________________ 

*98.5o Furnished I Bedroom Apt. 
Air, 2 Blks Kelly Call A ny D ay O r 
Night. 7 a.m. - IO p m. 922-o634 
J 
I $133 Furnished I Bedroom Apts, ! 

# 

WAKEFIELD STARDUST 
APARTMENTS 

Ideally located on busline. 

I, 2, ond 3 bedrooms. SISO 

... lo ... $35o On Rector 

 across from North Star Moll. 

8SOA WAKEFIELD 
144-4558 

• 
6 
o 

 r n 

 r n 

 rn . 

CONVENIENCE 
Loop 41o-Vance Jackson Rd. 
P A R K L IK E G R O U N D S 
2 B E D R O O M *235. B IL L S PD. 
P A R K D A L E A P T S 342-o191 

L O V E L Y 2 B E D R O O M A P T available *285, bills pd Includes wosher- dryer. Call Tom M cN eil 
349 1874 

 heat-air, carpeted, fenced $19o 
United, 735-9121, fee (343 3) 
Meodow Village 3-2 2, appls, ca r­ pet, cent air, fenced 
M ony extras. 
1 
United. 735-9121, tee (353 2) 
M E D C E N T E R 
3 b e d ro o m , 2 bath, c e n tra l a ir, fenced, im ­ mediate possession *3oo 
S O U T H W E S T 2 bedroom s, cen trot air, all appliances. *17o. 
L A C K L A N D - 3 bedroom s, air, all appliances, fenced. *17$. 
W E S T W O O D - 3 b e d room s, ce n ­ tral air, carpeting, all appliances 
*22$. 
K E L L Y - 3 bedroom s, central air, fenced, auick occupancy. $215. 
W E H A V E O T H E R S 681 o66o 

L O V E L Y T O W N H O U SE 
B e a u tifu l 2 b e d ro o m T O W N ­ 
H O U SE , J baths plus W A S H E R - 
D R Y E R C O N N E C T IO N S , gre a t 
N E location. Only $315 mo Bills 
Od 
A P A R T M E N T S U N L IM IT E D 

828-o681 

A-1 CHOICE RENTALS 
1 We hove the best 3 and 4 bedroom homes in N E and NW San Anton 
I lo. Ail of our homes are toss than 1 
I yr. old Drapes, p rivacy fenced. 
Refrigerators, carpeting. $3oo t<* 
: $45o per month Before your rent 
(Call us! You will be delighted! 
.. -3-------------- — -------- ------------------------------------------------------------------------— — 
D O R S E Y CO 733-9184 
J 'o? * / " * I W u i,o.ve ’ cent o,f heat, fenced. Kid-pets 

 gross income. Term s open 
LANDMARK. REALTORS 
___________69o-95o2_____________ 
Fast grow ing M ontgom ery W ards sales agency in Rockport-Fulton 
'are a 
E ve n in g s call 
,(512 729 219o ) 
For rent or lease Lounge, partly e q u ip p e d 
1119 C o m m e r c ia l 
226 4995 or 927 7o61_______________ 
G R O W P L A N T S At home or on our ranch Full or part-time We provide everything you need ond buy-back contract M in im u m in­ v e stm e n t. 
G R E E N I N G 
O F 
A M E R IC A . 828 4528 

RED CARPET 

IK R TOWNHOUSE 
D R IF T W O O D A P T S * Bedroom s, 12 
WotSr 
2 baths, a ll b ills od. $22o mo. !°d: P?H°»J,58 JI' 
,r9 No 
735*925 or 684-5498 

SUNSET RIDGE APTS 
Large I and 2 Bedroom s 
F R O M $14o (U N F U R N *122 SO) 
116 V A N D E R H E C K 826 2369 
O F F 64oo N. N E W B R A U N F E L S 

SI 45. 

 ding building, 33oo sa.ft. 
Near Wonderland on Fred ericks­ burg Rd. 28c per sq.ft. 27 mo lease a v a ila b le now . M r . R e y e s , 
735-3oo1 before 9AM. 
_ i ra, 12,ooo SO.FT. R E T A IL B L D G available. A lm o st new, am p le parking, more can be added. All brick, glass front, pork-like su r­ ro u n d in g s. L o n g te rm le a se available. Fo r details, call Carl 
Bohn 341 9191 
Naylor Realty Inc 

MAJOII THOROUGHFARE 
Commercial building tor lease or tor sale. 36oo sq.ft. C arp e te d , paneled, air conditioned. Ample 

T S S * . ASSOC.. R E A L T O R S inmes Davis 
_________SH -2 U S 

R IT T IM A N RD. A T IH3S 
T H E F A I R D A L E 
66oo F A I R D A L E 
656-1oo1________ 
338 Arm y, attractive I bedroom, large living room, separate din­ ing, large walk-in closets. C o m ­ plete p r iv a c y . I c a r g a r a g e . 
822-9766, 344-69o8 
Astoria 
1o363 S A H A R A 344-6191 
F U R N IS H E D U N F U R N IS H E D 
Sunshine 
342 E. S U N S H IN E 734-4422_______ 
At 327 W Huisache. 3 rooms, A IR , 
$1oo 822-o6oo or 735*458 
■•AUSTIN H W Y E F F IC IE N C IE S * 
Bills paid. $22 37wk. 824-19o8 
I Bedroom, air heating. $11$. G as and water od. 822 12o6 

ON A WANT AD 
TMI N U M B!O TO C A II 
15 225-1666 
[XPR15S ANO N IWS 

I Bedroom . $62,5oo. 226 P o rk e r 
Clean. $34-3353. 
I 239 B ra h a n . I B d rm , c a rp o rt. 
Wale r h eat pd. 223-7644. 225-o345. 

1 Burbank Areo. 1 bedroom apt. Alt j bills pd *13o mo. S34-989t 

I Air, Call A n y D ay or Evtts. 
A M. - 9 P.M. 333-1851.____________ 
Furnished or U nfurnished, N ear 
D o w n to w n , L u x u r y A pt, 2 b e ­ d room , 2 bath, in q u ire 4o4 E. 
I Park, Apt I. or 6S5-2852 ofter 
6:3oPM 
____________________ 
F U R N -U N F U R N : Utilities pd, 
; ib dg , 2 pools, $185 U P. Pointers 
M ill 52oo Bianco. 349-2222 
G arage Apt., I bdrm , $34.5o wkly, air, near Wonderland. 735-7474 
J E F F E R S O N 
A R E A : 
G u e s t 
; house, heat, air. N ear stores, bus. 
Bills od $8o. mo. 656-776o eves 
Join our co m m u n ity w here all oges share the good life. Relax In 
I the pool or join your friends in the 
(C lu b h o u se . V e n tu re o v e r to 
; nearby Central P a rk or W onder­ land. The Boardw alk offers 2 and 
3 bedroom apartm ents from $245. 
3536 West Avenue 349*2o3 
B a rry Gillingw ater Co. 
! 
L IV E B E T T E R F O R L E S S ! 
I 
G R O U N D L E V E L D U P L E X E S 
F U R N , OR U N F U R N . 
I E X C E L L E N T M A IN T E N A N C E 
H IG H L A N D H IL L S A P T S. 
2931 E. SO U T H C R O S S 
534*8o8 
I L u x u rio u s ond b ran d new. The . 
! first tennant is you! W indo w *, i bookcases and storage. Beautiful 
: furniture. I bedroom, *2SP Furn. 
( Coll >24-2491______________________ 
IS 22 5 1666 
(XPB(S5 AND N IW S 

TALLYHO 
MOBILE HOME IMC. 
35o3 N O R T H P A N A M 
223-3218 
_________ M O N .-FR I, f * 
M R LOVING CARF 
Covered w alk w ay from c a r to opt, laundry and m ailbox areo so you w on't get drenched, la rge r j room s so you w on’t b a rk your i shins. 342-9113 826 1 594 and see. 
T H E K IN G ST O N A P T S. 
1 
22o2 Vance Jackson Fo r T LC j T o w n h o u se , ^ x u r io u *, la rg e , i dishw asher, pool, 1-2 bedroom s, utilities paid. 
5231 
Blanco. j 341*113. 
______________________ 
U p per g a ra g e apt. L a r g e co m ­ bination living bedroom, kitchen, 

1, 2, and 3 bedroom 
Apts. 
Furnished or 
Unfurnished. 

11721 Parliament 
349-3149 

EXTRA LARGE 
1 2-Bedroom, 2-Bath, quiet secluded 
I covered patio. Outside storage 
T H E H E R IT A G E 
1543 Babcock at NW L O O P 41o 
L 
341-2228___________ 

FOUR SEASONS APTS 
I Bedroom turn 522o 
12Bedroom, 
I both townhouse, 
$25o 
I Utilities included. Ideal location, across from Oak P o rk Shopping 
I Center, corner Nacogdoches and 
New Braunfels 
1779 N A C O G D O C H E S R D 
__________ 
824*691 

 pets 141 8446, 494-5678. 824 6227 
L & R TOWNHOUSE 
2 Bedroom s, air, heal SUO W afer od Patio. 158 Ei M io * o8 too No pets 341-8446 . 494-5678 , 824-6227 
Luxury Duplex Neor M ed Center 
! 661o Southpoint. 3-2-2. kitchen 
;app|, in c w o sh e r d ry e r, fire 
'place. Sauna 
(tor everyone 
!344 4429 

A lovetv large J bedroom, 2 bath 
I duplex Ail appls, north of Central 
] Park and 41o 534 Soulhtroll *27o. j 344-3113___________________________ 
* 1 o ond 35 area. I bdrm duplex 
I Atr, refrig, fenced, *125 
United, 735-9121. fee (345-2) 
A nice 2 b e d ro o m T ow n h ou se 
! duplex NW. Carpets, appls, 22o2 
I W Mistletoe. *175 344 3113_______ 
Bandera Rd. 2 bdrm with aopl*, air heat, garage, fenced. Kids. 
5188 
United, 735-9121, fee (34o-3) 

1 3 bdrm- 2 bath, living room, sun- i room, dining room, oil appl, + full size pool table, $3oo mo. 344-18o8, 
I neor Ft. Sam . Randolph__________ 

United, 735-9)21, fee (342 3) 
M o v e in to d a y! K id -p e t O K 
2 bdrm house, fenced. $78 
United, 735 9121, fee (33S-2) 
Near Lockland-Keliy."3 bedroom, 
2 bath, fenced bock yard, central air-heat, close to schools. $17$ mo. 
658-4467 arter 5___________________ 
Near M edical Center, 1-2-2, Oak 
Hills 
Terrace, 
*3oo per mo 
696-1671___________________________ 
N E. 3-2-1-fden, full kitchen, full carpet, privacy fence $285 mo 
R O SSI R E A L T Y 
494 7781 

(3 B e d ro o m , 1 bath, b e a u tifu l iM o d e rn hom e, a ir-h e a t, a p ­ pliances, carpeted, fenced, den, 3-2-2, N E schools, cen air heat. 

Need sp a ce ? Low rent' 3 bdrm with storage, fenced $1oo 
United, 735-9121, fee (341-2) 
N E I SO , 3-1, c a rp o rt, c a rp e t, fenced yd. *2oo mo, 828-8633 art 4 

V ery different not , sunken rooms. Woodlake, close to 
D ay 222-3751, E v e 
P L Sa m on d R a n d o lp h . A vail. 
! June Isl 337-3921. 

Medical Center Area 
2 -B e d ro o m , 2-bath, 925 sq.ft. 
Porn , Unfurn. Poof. Club house. 
All utilities od. All adult. No pets. 
*5o. M o vin g credit Call 342-9321 
1oAM to 5 :3 o P M week, 1 P M to 
5 IO P M Saturday 

A H H H H H ! S T IL L R E N T IN G ? 
Buy your own home for as little as 
*2o closing, paym ents fess than rent N o c re d it? N o p ro b le m ! 
675-1691, 342-7435, 674-1777. 
P O IN T E R R E A L E S T A T E i A L A M O H TS I Bedroom *175. 2 
Bedroom *21o Central air-heot. i Bills pd 826-737o_________________ 

GREENWICH VILLAGE 
I D E A L L O C A T I O N 
I Bedroom unfurn $165 
2-Bedroom s, Unfurn. *215. 
U T I L I T I E S P A I D 
215 J A C K S O N K E L L E R 
824-9871 

Neor Ft. Sam Large I ’ 1 bedroom apt 
Partially furnished. 
*11o. 
822-9511 

_____ ___________ _________ 
B E A U T IF U L Tree House Apts, in hie bath, w alk in closet, clean. ! warden Com plex, near B racken 
Adults. No pets. Util. pd. B v appt. 
*11o 732-181o____________________ 

M IY SETTLE FOR LESS or over pay 
W IL S H IR E A P T S. 
Block ol Ft. Sam North Gate 
________ 826-9159, 826-1594_________ 
14x65 2 bedroom , I bath mobile hom e Fenced in yard. One an 
Imal accepted. 
Avail. 
Now! 
623 1657 

4o4 APABTMarrS UMFUSM 

A A A A A A A A H ...Y o u r own hom e at last! Only $1oo down, *139 mo. 
Quick M ove in! N O C R E D IT ? NO 
P R O B L E M ! 
922 2173, 
674-75o9, 
673*714 
P A T M C V E Y R E A L E S T A T E _______________________________________ 
A A A A A A Hom e of your own con 
C O N T E S S A A P T S 
I O R 2 B E be yours tor os Utile a s *2oo down i D R O O M S , blit* pd, *2oo to *225. and paym ent* toss than rent. No I Close to N o rth *ta r and Central 
Credit? O K ! 
P a r k , N o c h ild re n o r pets. 
J * J R E A L T Y 674-8883 Anytim e 
824-67o7; 824-47oo 

 ridge Pk. T rin ity U ond D o w n ­ town. View of City. Pool. Laundry. 
M o d e rn and com fortable. M a n ­ ager, M U L B E R R Y T E R R A C E 
A PTS. 1315 E M ulberry, 826 1243 
2 bedroom, den. extra large bal­ con y, c a th e d ra l c e llin g in be­ droom, new carpeting. 
T E X A S A P T L O C A T O R S 
349 368S»NO FEE»$15o up 

BERT LOCATION 
We have 12 different floor pions to ch oose from . W a lk-in closets, pantries, patios. Colt Cory. 
T H E H E R IT A G E 
1543 Babcock at N.W. LO O P 41o 
341-2228 

HERWECK HOUSE 
2 Bedroom , I bath *215. 
A cro ss street from Lee High, 3 b lks. from N im itz H ig h , I blk. 
Jackson Keller Elem entary. 
M A IN T A IN E D W IT H P R IO E 
AI L U IL IT IE S P A ID 
233 Herweck Dr. 344-58o4 

IF Y O U Q U A L I F Y 

1 Bedroom ! Bath $142 *199 
2 Bedroom-1 Bath *159 *221 
3 Bedroom 2 Bath *179 *246 
All Utilities, Central A ir and Heat, 
R efrigerator, R ange, D isp osal, 
Draperies, TV Antenna, Storage 
Units and M ore A pproxim ately 
15 Minutes from M ilitary Bases 
924-o41o 
2914 Roosevelt Ave 
LA B A N D E R A A P T S. 
L U X U R Y I and 2 bedroom apts. 
1171 B A N D E R A R D 433 3314 

LACKLAND KELLY 
5 --ooms, fenced, garage, $95 mo. 
922-1359 

N e a r U T S A , M e d C tr„ U S A A 
Townhouse, 2 bedrooms, electric kitchen, d rap e s, carpeted. T e n ­ nis-Swim m ing. 
$235. 
496-4121, 
492 2533.__________________________ 
N E E D A N A P T 
C A L L US 
T E X A S A PT . L O C A T O R S 
349-3685»NO F E E *$15o up 
N E G A R D E N A P A R T M E N T 
Love ly, sp a cio u s 2 bedroom . J bath, atrium apartment, beautiful fireplace, W E T B A R $285 
A P A R T M E N T S U N L IM IT E D 

4 B E D R O O M , 2 bath, c e n tra l heat-air, *217 mo Coll 656-1234 
3 B E D R O O M , I'/j bath, central heot-alr, $195 mo Call 656-1234. 
T H U N D E R B IR D H IL L S 3-2 2, trees, corner lot, p riv a c y fence 
$4oo mo. Call now 656-1234 
RED CARPET 
2 Bedroom, fenced, stove, garage 
414 Ronm or. SISO mo. 684 8757 

 dishw asher, d isposal, e xtra s In- 
! elude kennel and room tor horses 
453-7696 
N orth C entral. J b d rm , od p Is, oir heot, fenced tor kids pets *14$ 
United, 735 9121, fee <334 3 )__ 
Northeast. J bdrm , 2 bath, oppis, sits on 2 lots K id s pets OK. $14o 
United. 735-9121. tee (339 I) 
N S Clean, m odern, 2 bedroom 
D u plex. C a rp o rt, sto re ro o m , I 
Child O K *11o 826 8766 

OROW PLANTS 
G ro w s u b t r o p ic a l p la n ts tor wholesale n u rse ry We supply o g re e n h o u s e , p o ts, p la n ts, fertilizer, everything you need to m ake m oney Full or part time. 
M in im um capital needed *7,99o 
Coll M ark (714) 436 o243________ 

H O R S E Boarding^-Training Farm ! 
37 stalls, m etal b arn (1oox165), in door are n a. H ouse, Pool, IO a cre s C o a st-C ro ss One. Term s. 
London M artin 494-69V2 
_____ 
L A R G E , 
W E L L 
K N O W N . 
Sucessful. Northside discotheque. 
Can buy b u sin e ss and fixtures. 
Reasonable term s on building and p ro p e rty 
W ill trad e tor other property or what have you D ays 
341 8134 
E v e s ond weekends 
494 3229 
L O V E P L A N T S ? Fully equipped and stocked plant shop. N E San 
A ntonio P O B o x S4 9,Shertz,TX 
781S4; 658-9188 after 6 w kdavs 
M O R T G A G E C O M P A N Y 
O ther in te re sts prom p t sole of c o r p o ra t io n d e a lin g in sm a ll profitable Real Estote loans. Lit 
Me competition, can be operated alone or in coniunctlon with Real 
Estate insurance or remodeling. 
Reply to E xp re ss News box 2623 
M u st sell g ro w in g re stau ran t, located in M a in terminal building of Stinson Field Airport. Inquire atter SP M 333*274 

N W -T o w n h o u s e D u p le x drooms, I ta baths 69o-o537 
3 be 

828-o681 

3 Bedroom home, den, $1*o. mo. 
$5o Dep. B u rglar bars, fence. 4o2 
Holliday. 927-3o23.________________ 
2 Bedroom house, 1211 N. Hamil- ton St., SH O mo. $5o-dep. d ays 
224 1573, nites 732-1326____________ 

$135 $16o. 
B L A N C O R D and B A S S E RO. 
1-2 Bedroom s Gas-W ator Pd 
6831 B A S S W O O D 342 17o? 
3-2-2. C am aiot Ii, carpeting, im ­ maculate $31o mo. 654-o2o3 

Clean, spacious, 2 bdrm , unfurn dup, refrig, stove, air, upstairs. 
*145. 736-5497. 

Large I bedroom duplex apt. with garage. *68 mo. plus $25. Dep. 
224-776o 

North T o w n fio u m Utilities potd 
Spacious, convenient, luxurious, reasonable 341*1)3______________ 

• NOW LEASING • 
1-2-3 B E D R O O M A P T S 
• Townhouses or Mats 
• All appliances, drapes 
Carpets, storage areas 
• Utilities paid 
• Lau ndry facilities 
• RecreaMon room s 
* 4 pools 
C O L O N IE S N O R T H A P T S 
IH IO at W urzback 
Office 9823 Powhatan 69o-1844 
N W Area- Excellent Townhouse in small, quiet complex. 2 bedroom, 
I "j bath, den, ail elec kitchen. 
O v e r 12oo sq ft. A ll ca rp e te d 
343 331o, 349-o219_________________ 
O A K H IL L S V IL L A G E 
Apartm ent* and Townhouses 
517S.UP 1847 Babcock 344-9726 

LEMON TREE APTS 
4227 S U N G A T E 
I Bedroom , $179. Bills pct 
655*826 

OH Lockh lli Selm a, clean I b e ­ droom, quiet odult complex. Bills pd $175. >41-1787 _________ 
I O R 2 B e d ro o m , opt. 136 e ! 
Craig, 141-5886. 227-1813 

• CHKTRALLY LOCATED • 
7o9 E. E L M IR A 
5 room house im m aculate 2 be droom s ra n ge re frige rato r g a r ­ age yard kept couple no pets $15o 
224 6646 am, 734-2734 p m _________ 
C H O IC E R E N T A L S 
722 W. V E S T A L , large 3 bedroom with fam ily room and central air. 
Only *175 mo. Call now 
12511 M I N U T E M A N . V a lle y 
Forge, 3-2-2. den with fireplace. 
*295 a mo Call today 
E T E R R E L L H IL L S , beautiful 
3-3-3 with living, dining and den. 
$34$ a month, *1oo dep. See Now 
3326 C O C O N IN O , Spoctous 3-1’ 1 I wilt! central heat, convenient to 
K e lly-L ac k ian d , $t9o a mo $5o deo 
See today. A sk tor Vikki 
Wakefield. 
534 8826 
Century 21 
W A K E F IE L D R E A L T O R S 
Pl ACI VOUR WANT AO 
IN TMI tXPfllS* N IW S 
C A II 235 1oo6 

Out ISI 5 2 bdrm , stove, carpet, fenced, K id s O K 
United, 735-9121 fee (373 3) 
Polm H gtv 3 bdrm , 2 's bath, dbl carport, fenced, K id s pets SHO 
United, 73$ 9121, toe (334-2) 
219 Poui! J bedroom , *85 M o $2$ dep. 
JACK MITCHELL 
532-3)o7 Rep too r 
R e a d y now ! 3 bd rm , h as la rge kitchen, cent air, kids pets OK 
United, 735-9131, toe (38)1) 
Rem odeled 3 bdrm , appls, kids pets welcome. Only *9o 
Untied, 73S-9121, toe (339-3) 
R E N T A L S 
W E H A N D L E 
Choice N E Rentals 

N E E D $15,ooo F O R 1o% S H A R E 
OF B U S IN E S S PH 533 7998 

ERA 

BUDDY UECKER 
834-7361, 1324 Austin Hwy 

N E W P R O D U C T ID E A L S 
FO R T H E H O M E , O F F IC E 
OR IN D U S T R Y R E P L Y : 
IBI. B O X 176 
B E R W Y N . IL 6o4o2_______ 
I “Own Your Own Busin e ss’’ White 
Auto Stores, 39)o Call Field Rd 
Wichita Falls, Tx <817)69? 34)o 

O W N Y O U R 
T E L E P H O N E S 
A N O S A V E 
C A L L 341-441) 
S O U T H W E ST 
SO U N D 
& 
E L E C T R O N IC S 

Personnel Agency 
Prom inent agency selling going agency Licensed and doing bust- ness. Prim e location Owner too b u sy to run. but will train new owner $3o,ooo year prof!! on cosh investment. P rin cip als call; M r. 
R o y days, *57-1215, nights and 
Sunday 824-768o 
P rim e retail space, South P a rk 
M o ll, 99o sa (t. A v a ila b le tm- mediately 333-o141 or 927 $411 

Rock 4-ptox, I bdrm , appis, A-H, garage, fenced K ids $13o 
United, 735-9121. toe (343-1) 
__________________ 
S h e n a n d o a h , 
LO rn I in", fro m 
P R O F IT M A K IN G B u sin e ss for 
M edical Complex, S min. U S A A sale. No blue sky. P u rc h a se of 
4-2-2, liv in g ro o m -d in in g room c o m b in a tio n , f a m ily ro o m , privacy fence W alking distance to tism . and Middle School $35o per mo Avon. M a y I. 69o*816 
Sm all fam ily? I bdrm house for 
$7$. K ids Fido welcome. 
United, 735-9121. toe (344 1) 
Spacious 3 bdrm , appls, cent air, garage, fenced- kids. 12oo 
United, 735-912), toe (344 3) 
St. M a ry * 3 bdrm , has stove, cent oir-beat, fenced. Kids-pets *225 
United, 735-9121, toe (336-1) i XPBtSS ANO N IW S 

 inventory value Coll Carl Willey 
684-1767, 6-8PM tor appt______ 

R E A L 
E S T A T E 
O F F IC E 
B L p G . ( T e x - M a c R e a lt y ) on 
H w y IS I in F lo re sv ille . L e a se building with lease p u rc h ase of iturniure and sign. *25oo down will handle Coll Pleasanton 1-S69-33S1 
Real Good Opportunity! D rive In 
F o o d to G o 
M u s t se ll d ue to health Fully equipped 923*318 foe i A s T L l silt TS 
Pl ACI ro u e WANT AD 
IN IH I (A P H IS* N I WS 
CALI 7 TS -1 OOO 

Page I 6 -C 
San Antonio E X P R E S S -N E W S — 
Su n d ay April 17, 1 9 77 

5o1 • BUSINESS QPP9RTMlTiES S S J B B J B S B B B SOI ittSHHB* BftWTWITllS 

M A N U ! A O U R IW G O PPO RTU N ITY 
Heovy manufacturing of products wed by commercial truck Wold 
Mony long form esfabSshed customers on th* books. Products sold world wide. 

ICE HOUSE 
Northside 
Good business 
On­ premise beer license, regular clien­ tele. Will sell fest ot this Tow price 

CONVENIENCE STORE 
Southside - bos on premise permit, dancing, barbeque, pool tables. low price includes the reel estate 

CABINET SHOP 
Rural mill and cabinet shop located in small town neor S A. fully equip ped and operating business. Priced to move this week 

LAW N M O W ER SERVICE 
Authorized soles and service dealer for major brands of lawn mowers and on-cooled engines. A great business for young-ot-heart retiree. 

COIN LAUNDRY 
North 
Equipment like new. Good traffic areo, seller will consider lease purchase. 

CAR W ASH 
Truck mounted unit designed to wash fleets on customer's location. 
Good contracts on th* books, fine terms available. 

CAFE 
Southside • Captive trade, little competition in oreo. A long-term successful operation 

M EN S CLOTHING 
Norfhside • Prestige areo. Top lines, money-maker. 

ORIENTAL GlfTS located in mall • Beautiful items; porcelain, jade ond other exotic ene-of-o-ktnd gifts. 

STEAK HOUSE 
New concept in steaks. On* price menu. 
Includes solad bar ond potato. 
Beautiful decor, super location. 

CHINESE RESTAURANT first class equipment, good lease, 
Northside. Owner will tram. 

COMMERCIAL BAKERY 
Supplying own company stores ond institutional accounts plus truck routes. 
Folly stoffed with ex­ perienced personnel. In business over 25 years. 

BARBEQUE 
1976 tax return shows outstanding sales and profits. Best known nome in the business. Excellent location. 
Skilled personnel may be retained. 

ELECTROLYSIS STUDIO 
Owner retiring ond will teach purchaser the scientific hair- rcmoval trode. Business may be operated out of purchaser s home or apartment. Very profitable. Good terms available. 

BODY SHOP 
Auto body repair. Good volume, mony insurance accounts, fully staffed shop. Act todoy 

WRECKER SERVICE 
Best equipment, trained employees, good reputation. Priced to self. 

SPORTING GOODS 
Old established compony, owner retiring end will train. Choice reol estate including in package 

FURNITURE STORE 
SO year old compony offered foe safe. Many accounts on the books. 
Includes large tract of lend ond building. 

M EAT C O M P A N Y 
Specialty moots compony selling direct to consumers. 
Unique operation, owner will train. 

LOUNGE 
Several to choose from in choice locations. Mixed drinks and en­ tertainment. 

PAINT STORE 
House points, wallpaper, handyman needs and picture framing. 3o-yeor- old company being solo to settle estate. 

RECREATION VEHICLE 

DEALERSHIP 
Several exclusive lines, superb locotion. 
High volume soles, business booming 

BEAUTY SHOP 
One of the nicest shops in the city. 
Up to-date hair styles. Skilled operators with following will stay. 

SUBURBAN 

RESTAURANT located outside the hustle and bus­ tle of San Antonio. Attractive decor, first doss equipment, good clien­ tele. Will go fast of this low price. ca 
REALTOR*. 

M A N Y OTHER LISTINGS AVAILABLE. 
ROHDE BUSINESS BROKERS 
4139 Gardendale, Suite 2o1 
San Antonio, Texas 78229 

696-5311 
24 Hr. Answering Service 

I 
BUSINESS 
II OPPORTUNITIES 
S 

■ > 
J 
YO U R OPPORTUNITY 
GERMAN t AMERICAN FOOD 
Est. 
3 o yr*., o w n e r 
Bl. 
G ro ss t 

1 4 o ,o o o yr., w ith prop e rty, 
1 3 ,oo o dn. 
FINE M EXIC AN RESTAURANT 
O w n e r 13 yrs.. G r o s s $ 1 3 o ,o o o . 
N o ts $ 2 7 ,o o o yr 
$ 3 5 ,OOO. Term s. yr. G o o d p a rk in g . 

BUSY COFFEE SHOP 
G ro ss o v e r $ 9 5 ,o o o yr., In irg. m od. conter, g o o d so o tin g. 
5 6 ,o o o dn 
MEXICAN RESTAURANT 
N 'sM e , se a ts 5o, o k ® fixtures. 
G ra s* $ 6 2 ,o o o yr. $ 6 5 o o dn. 
POLYGRAPHING & INVESTIGATION 
Top accounts. 
W H I teach new ow n er. 
N e ts 
$ 2 o ,o o o yr. 
$ 1 5 ,o o o dn. 
PLUSH RESTAURANT NORTHEAST with m ix e d drin k lou n ge , g ro ss­ ing $ 4 o ,o o o mo. short Firs., g o o d loose, soots 13o, $ 6 5 ,o o o dn. 

CLEAN DAIRY KREEM 
E x c e lle n t p a r k in g . L o a d s o f e q p t . m o n e y m ak e r. $ 8 5 o o . Term s. 

GOURMET RESTAURANT 
S p e c ia lty ste a k s 
A contin cuisine. N e ts $7.O O O m o , short hrs. $ 3 5 ,o o o dn. 
DAIRY QUEEN 
N 'S id e re a l clean. S e a ts 5o, G o o d jsartiingu 
N e ts 
$ 1 5 ,o o o yr. 

EXCELLENT W ASHATERIA 
G r o ss $ 3 o ,o o o yr. 3 o m ochi.nes,' 
14 d ryers, $ 5 ,o o o dn. 

BUSY NORTHSIDE RESTAUANT 
M ix e d drin ks. So o ts 13o. G r a s % 
N e ts 
$ 4 o ,o o o yr. 
$18 o ,o oo . 
$ 3 o ,OOO dn. 
LARGE BUSY WASHATERIA d o s e to b r io . w ith p k k u n 
G r o sse s $ 4 9 ,o o o , N e t* $ 1 3 ,o o o yr. $ 1 o ,o o o dn. 

 yrs 
$ 1 o ,o o o yr. $ 5 ,o o o dn. 
Top 

2 DOWNTOWN CONCESSION STANDS to ts o f fixtu res, stock, g o o d m o n e y m a k e rs. $ 1 2 ,o o o . term s. 
(HL 
Co: 

7 3 5 - 9 4 5 8 
2 o o 3 W M A I N 
7 3 5 - 8 6 1 1 

ICE CREAM & 
YOGURT STORES 

Select areas still available (or exclusive ZIP’Z “MAKE YOUR 
OWN SUNDAE” FRANCHISES. 
Includes SITE LOCATION. EQUIP­ 
MENT, and TRAINING. Minimum 
$95oo cash investment required. 
It you qualify- 

CALL TOLL FREE TODAY 
1-8oo-821-227o, Ext.323 
ZIP’Z 
A EMV. OF I.Q.I., INC. 
447o MONROE ST., DEPT.SAE 
TOLEDO, OHIO 43613 

5o1 - BUSINESS OPPORTUNITIES 
5o1 BUSINESS OPPORTUNITIES 

:2 
IS 
OUTSTANDING 
OPPORTUNITY 
AQUARAMA INC. 

 i d : r n 

^ 
Be o port of America's “ # 1 HOBBY BOOM"!* Fran- 

5 thises now being offered by fastest growing volume 
. 

 retail aquarium chain in South & Southwest. Locations 

 now in operation in Houston & New Orleans. Unique 

 method of operation provides fantastic results. Should 

 double return of investment-plus, during 1st year of 

 business. 
SI5,ooo.oo required. 
No experience 

 necessary, as we provide complete training program. 

• J ? Contact Procuremenf Manager, 1oo1 E. Southmore St., 

Suite 9o1, Pasodeno, Texas or coll 1 -7 1 3 — 475-2751. 

‘A * A a int 6 <Pb ^ ^ 6 
*^ B 
I 

YOU CAN OWN THIS 
BOOMING BUSINESS 

DISTRIBUTE 
RAND MCNALLY 

Full Calor City and Slate Road 
Maps. Company Furnished Retail 
Outlets. 
Major Oil 
Co. 
Stas., 
Airports, Shopping Malls, Motels, 
Etc. Outstanding Profit ond Ex­ pansion Potential. 
Investments from S39oo. Fully Secured By In­ ventory. 
— For Free Brochure— 
CALI NOW TOU FREE 
I — 8oo— 821 -227o, 
Ext. 822 
“ The M ap Center" 

H i , 

ELKINS INSTITUTE 
Con Train Y o u In 
OADCASTING 

DAY I EVENING 

CLASSES AVAILABLE 

 ved for Veterans 
1st Class FCC License 
CB Radio Repair 
Radio A TV Repair 
Television Technician 
Operator 
^ 
I 2 2 7 -6 5 4 o 1 

E l k i n s 

I n s t i t u t e 
.3o1 Broadw a y Bldg. Suite 2oo 

PROFESSIONAL 
MI • PROFESSIONAL 
M I - PROFESSIONAL 
BOI - PROFESSIONAL 
M I PMFFS8KHUU. 

LOCKHEED OFFERS A 
$18,ooo-13o,ooo REWARD 

Per Year to qualified employees who can meet our overseas challenge. 

 r& 

E M P L O Y M E N T 
D C E ) 

W E W A N T YO U 

FOR 

OVERSEAS EMPLOYMENT 

E A R N IN G S FOR 24 M O N T H S TOUR 

SR TO O LPU SH ER 
U S A $ 7 1 ,9 8 4 to $ 8 2 ,1 8 4 

TO O LPU SH ERS 

DRILLERS 

D ERRICKM EN 

M O T O R M E N 

RIG M E C H A N IC S 

6 9 ,o 7 6 to 8 o,2 3 6 

6 o .o 8 4 to 7 1,145 

55.751 to 65,951 

55.751 to 65,951 

6 o .o 8 4 to 71,145 

RIG ELECTRICIANS 6 o,o 8 4 to 71,145 

W E OFFER EXCELLENT SA LARIES A N D 
BENEFITS, 
C O N SIS T E N T 
G R O W TH , 
A N D W O R LD -W ID E OPPORTUNITIES. 
S O M E 
BENEFITS 
ARE 
G R O U P 
H O SPITALIZATIO N 
A N D 
LIFE 
IN ­ 
SU R A N C E, 
FREE 
M ED ICA L 
TREAT­ 
M EN T 
O V E R SEA S, 
RETIREMENT 
PLAN, E D U C A T IO N A L A SSIST A N C E, 
FAM ILY 
STATUS 
P O S IT IO N S 
IN 
M O S T 
AREAS. 
C O M P A N Y 
PAID 
S C H O O L IN G 
FOR 
CHILDREN, 
6o 
D A Y 
PAID 
V A C A T IO N 
O N 
C O M ­ 
PLETION O F 24 M O N T H S TOUR. THE 
C O M P A N Y PAYS FO R EIG N IN C O M E 
TAXES 
IN 
ALL 
A R EA S 
EXCEPT 
VEN EZU ELA 
A N D 
A L S O 
A SSIST S 
Y O U 
FIN A N C IA LLY 
W ITH 
Y O U R 
U.S.A. IN C O M E TAXES. 

A S S IG N M E N T S IN N O R W A Y , SC O T ­ 
LAN D, CENTRAL AM ER ICA, SO U TH 
A M ER IC A, 
AFRICA, 
M ID D LE 
EAST 
A N D FAR EAST. 

O N L Y Q U ALIFIED 
BE C O N SID E R ED . 
APPLICANTS WILL 

OWN A PROFITABLE BUSINESS 
WITH UNLIMITED POTENTIAL. 

With a total investment of $75oo, and working as little as 8 hours a week, you can own a stable business that can make you fin a n c ia lly ind ependent. HANDY H ARDW ARE 
CENTERS. INC. is now building a nationwide network of retail outlets specializing in hi-impulse, fast-selling hard­ ware and houseware products. You can be the owner of 
Handy Hardware Center displays in IO busy retail locations in your area. Here’s how it works. 
• We secure the retail locations, and the store handles your sales. 
■ You supervise your displays (as little as 8 hours a week i$ required). 
• We offer a repurchase agreement, as per contract, and an inventory exchange program. 
• New products offered seasonally to meet the changing demand. 

It s profitable. It’s stable. It's easy. 
Call the toll free number, or write for free brochure 
There is no obligation. Telephone 8oo-923-5331, ask for 
Mr. Grey. 
H ANDY HARDW ARE CENTERS, INC. 

1o63 Easton Road, Roslyn, Pa. 19oo1 

 ta 

WATERFRONT 
24 Unit Motel 
W ith M a n a g e rs' apt., plus 
4 5 space travel trailer park, 4 2 5 ft. waterfront rights on 
A ra n sa s 
Bay. 
Sw im m ing pool, large live oak trees, g o o d fam ily business, priced right! 
ITSCHNER 
REAL ESTATE 
5 1 2 -7 2 9 - 5 4 4 4 
ROCKPORT, TEXAS 
A R A N SA S PASS, 
TEXAS 
5 1 2 — 7 5 8 -7 5 5 5 

TO LEARN M O R E ABO U T US, CALL 
M A X D O TY AT (918) 7 47-1361 O R 
WRITE H IM AT IO F F L A N D BROTHERS 
CO., 
P. 
O. 
BO X 
2 847, 
TULSA, 
O K L A H O M A 741o1. 

A N E Q UAL O P P O R T U N IT Y E M P L O Y E R M Z F 

5o4-MONEY TO LEND 

N EED CASH?? 
BUT H AVE NO CREDIT??? 
Call Union Finance 223-6871 
R EA D Y cosh lo purchase your 
.real estate martoges. 225-1473. 
SMALL HONOR LOANS 
I 
JUST PROMISE TO PAY 
AAA CREDIT 
223-424$ 

PLUMBING BUSINESS 
San Angelo's oldest retail and contracting business. All equip­ ment and inventory. 
Small down payment if qualified. Will lease building and storage yard. Owner has other interest. 
WOOTEN 
Plumbing & Baaing 
Contact: CURLEY WOOTEN 
1o8 N. Pierce 
Son Angela, TX 769o1 
(915) 949-3744 or 
(915) 949-6o62 

Starting, expanding, intangible accounts re c e iv a b le ...cash available for these and other money needs. Call 673-8857 now. 
WHEN THE BANKS SAY NO, We 
Soy GO? $5o,6oo and up. 34V-6421 
512 - INSTRUCTORS 

 ll 
I 
I 
I 

FANTASTIC OFFER! 

I DISTRIBUTOR, needed for this area. National top selling items, in prime locations, secured by our compony, can moke almost unlimit­ ed income for some mon or woman, with no selling. All items hove a 1oo% PROFIT MARKUP to the DISTRIBUTOR, ond ore eye appealing to the most discriminate buyer. MUST HAVE $4,548.oo ond be ready to start immediately. DIAL 
1- 214- 253-7372 or write 

WHOLESALE DIVISION 
1o923 Indian Trail, Suite #1o5 
Dallas, Texas 75229 

WORM GROWERS 
MARKETING CORP.< 
Needs worm growers, full or 
‘ port time 
Become on im * portant part of o 12 state 
1 ossociotion. 
For more formation, call, write or come 
> visit our form. 
(512) 892-2244 
5o45 HWY. 29o WEST 
Austin, Texas 78735 

TIO,OOO PER Y E A ^ 

PA R T T IM E!! 
* 

$4o,ooo PER YEAR 
FULL T IM E P O T E N T IA L !! 
TOY WORLD 
D IS T R IB U T O R S H IP 
MATTU 
P A R K E R G A M E S 
TISHER PRICE 
M IL T O N BR A O L I Y 
T O N IC A — 
N o 'c o n in g o r e xp e rie n c e d e c e n a ry , y o u w ill rextock be au tifu l d is p la y s w ith the co u n try’s fa s te s t so ilin g r.an onoily a d v e r tis e d t o y s in h igh tra ffic c o m p a n y e sta b lish e d acco u n ts th at w ill be tu rn e d o v e r to yo u . Y o u r re o rd e rs w ill b e co m p u ter p ro c e sse d b y o n e o f the o ld est o n d la r g o s * b ra n d nam e to y w h o le s a le r s in the 
U.S. 
A p p lic a n ts m u st be re sp o n sib le , a b le to m a k e decision s, o n d b o c o p a b le o f m a k in g m in im u m cash in ­ v e stm e n t a f $533o. 1oo% m e rch a n d ise b u y b a ck . 
C all M r. Bell: T oll fre e a n y tim e . 1 -S O O -6 3 1 -7 7 3 5 , 
Ext. A1 31. S u n d a y calls 
V a c ce p te d . 
J 

R E D W O R MS Buy back co n ­ tract*, time payment plan, Har­ vest machine* and book* availa­ ble. 
A rn o ld ’ * 
W orm 
F a rm 
Inc.,64o7 Oriskany, San Antonio, 

GARNER PARK I LEAKEY AREA 

WHI MWtattad Greeny Sten in set* in leeutihH Hill Cs entry mer Center Mete fork ane* e gent bestness siity-rtiree yeers in ene I emily, *1oo,ooo.oo plus ie- renlery, owner financed. 
M e Canyon lodge In lenkey, lei. en I city blocks with resloeroni, semite station, hung quarters 4 etc. trice 
*1*o,ooo.oo. 
Else Cypres lodge in Utopia, loses on 2 acres with 6 units, lining quarters ond sn 
*ab<aal liter, trice *6o,ooo.oo 
Hughes Land Company 
Box 456, Leakey, Texas s 
(512) 232-5474 

K E Y 

P U N C H 

4 Short W eeks 

Other Training in: 

Computer Operations 

Computer Programming 

Medical Assistant 
Medical Secretary 

Nurse's Aide/Orderly 

Call 224-9286 
CBM 
Education Center 
1121 Navarro 

Management 
Recruiters 

Personnel Consulta!*?* 
87oo Crown Min Suite 5o4 

8 2 6 -8 6 6 6 
Data Processing 

All positions pre-paid 

Systems Analyst . to $2o,ooo 
Data hosed management on large 
CDC configuration. Need scientific ond engineer background. 

Programmer Analyst.. to $16,ooo 
COBOL experience in business Ap­ plications. IBM 37o-158 OS with cia. 

Programmer . . . . to $16,ooo 
Consultant work with client com­ panies. Should have experience with large Honeywell equipment. 
GERI, GMAP, ana OS. 

Mfg Sys Anlyst... lo $17,ooo 
Minimum 2 years mfg sys exp. 
Cost control BUMP, Work in pro­ cess desirable. IBM 37o-158 shop under OS-VS. 

Programmer . . . . to $17,ooo lame Burroughs system with in bonking, require corporate ond personal trust programming ex- 

W A S H A T E R IA -F o r gale by own*r. 28 wethers; i i dryers, 2 
TX 78247. 656-oo14. Answering dry cleaning machines. Doing service 4*6-7331 
Small Cafe 751o Bandera Rd. 
Sd,SOO. Good lease 644-8*45 att I 

 good business. Reasonable rent. 
Retiring. Call 773-3323 

D A Y & N IT E C L A S S E S 
EN R O LL NOW 
Keypu nch , 
S e c re ta ria l, 
Accounting, D rafting and All 
Other Business Courses. 
Vet Approved. 
D U R H A M C O L L E G E iqs San Pedro 
225-54o1 
Finish High School at Home 
Diploma awarded. For free bro­ chure, call American School, tool freest-8oo-421-1318. 

FLORIST 

SM A LL M O TEL-B IG INCOM E. 
Ten units, small apartment, on busy Southside street. Excellent condition. 128-44o2. 
TA KE OVER 4o ACRES 
ASSUMPTION T Y P E SALE 
Near El Paso Nodown Pav’t 
Pre-pay 7 pav’t* of W» each 
Take over *8471 Balance Due 
Inv.Price *1o,ooo. Asthmatics- 
Arlhritles Notice:Sunshine.No 
Pollution.Perfect Dry Climate. 
Good water.lncludes Water Hts. 
Hunf Fish.Golf.Lowest Taxes 
Absolute Money Back Guaranty. 
Title Guaranteed.Trailers.Yes. 
Opoorlumly of a lifetime Now 
Call Mike Collect 6U2-»47-*oU 

PROFIT QPPORTUMITY 
Dunn A Bradstreet says ‘Coin 
O perated L a u n d ry and D ry 
Cleaning Stores are one of two industries with the least failure figures.' 
KW ICK W ASH coin operated laundry and dry cleaning test stores tor sale. 
WE H AVE choice laundry loca­ tions in every part of San Antonio ready te build now. 
BANK R ATE FINANCING 
For information call Ed Floyd 
512-484-3771 ar v isit our war- ehouse-showroom at 54o3 Jack- wood, San Antonio, Tx 78238 

T O M A T O 
G R E E N H O U S E S 
Free information on how YOU 
TOG con make big money a* a licensed certified grower raising nationally advertised Eyerfovin' tomatoes and other vegetables year round tor the wholesale market. Our pre-packaged na­ tionally advertised product pro­ gram gets you a whopping 42 cent per pound (p rice s may vary slightly depending on market area, but are u sually higher under our methods). Minimum greenhu*e Investment of SMOD 
Free training program program included tor certified owner-man- ogers. Contact Cvertavin' Green­ houses, Route 2, Box 31-A, 
Lacey's Spring, Alabama 35754 

WE BUY 
Businesses and Inventories 
J KAHN A ASSOC. 342-4822 

WORKING ASSOCIATE 
Should have mechanical or con structlon experience and $15 WO. for holt interest In corporation. 
Annual volum e $3oo,oo6. to 
*5o6.ooo possible. 733-1137______ 

Four week course In floral design and management. Write tar free brochure. Wallander School of 
Floral Design, Inc., Radio Build­ ing, $o3 indiana, wichita Falls, 
Texas, 763o7. 
H ALLM ARK AERO TECH 
1136 t m ST, Stinson Field 
$24-45*1 

 forms under i 
We buy worms under contract 
Worm growers needed 
512-653-514o 
WORM E N T E R P R IS E S 
5o2 * ksriess Bpwmumts 
WAITH 
Want proTltaSTeTbusines* with high donor annual volume. Must be able ta substantiate profitabili­ ty with adequate financial records. All replies hold in con­ fidence. P rin c ip a ls only. E X - 
PRESS-NEW S Box m s , San An- tonle TUPY 
___________ 

Used 12x34 port, office, terms, free delivery. $24-5oo3. 

THC N U M S IS TO C A I I 
IS 3 75 - 1666 
I X P R fS S A N O N f W S 

U S.POSTAGE STAMP 
VENDIN G M A CH IN ES 
Lowest prices. Investigate before you invest: For tree information, write including phone number: 
SOUTHWEST STAMP V EN D IN G 
ASSOC., 4723 S.Ggry, Tulsa, OK 
— 7.4IoS 
____________________ 

Borrow any amount for any our- pose. Private mangy. 227-141o 
Business and Individual loans available for any purpose. 
*2,ooo-11o,ooo,6oo. Contact Mr. T. 
Whitely 534-oo73:______________ 

E Q W T M i 

TRUST C M P M Y 
We specialize in the purchase of: 
•Chattel or Real Estate Notes 
•Financial Leasing 
•Factoring Accounts Receivable 
IN Q UIRE AT 226-o314 
1818 NSC Btdp. 
San Antonio 

U N IS IA M B C U LEK 
62oo S.Flores 
$24-31 r n 
SO U T H W E ST 
SC H O O L 
OF 
M E D IC A L 
A S S IS T A N C E . 
224-22$$, HS Broadway 
THIS IS YOUR 
OPPO RTUNITY 
To prepare tar C IV IL SE R V IC E 
Exam inations. Men-women 18 and over. Opportunities for ad­ vancement. Preparatory training as tang as required. Experience not always necessary. A Heme 
Study School since I$48 wilt send yea P R E E IN F O R M A T O N en jobs and their requirem ents. 
Write Today giving name, ad­ dress and phone ta: Lincoln Ser­ vice, Inc., Dept. $$-F 2211 Broad- woy, Pekin, IHfnois $1154 
Veteran Inquiries Welcome 

$13 $. Flores 
225-3253 

POSITION OPEN: 
Executive Vice 
President 

United Way of San Antonio ond 
Bexar County. Minimum quali­ fications include a degree in ap­ propriate field such as social work, public or business ad­ ministration, minimum of IO years employment in a recognizable United Way pro­ fessional position or 12 or more years experience in o human service agency including fund raising and administrative responsibilities. 
Salary negotiable. Write; Chairman, Ex­ ecutive Search Committee, Unit­ ed Way of San Antonio and 
Bexar County, 4o6 W. Market, 
Room 4o1, 
782oS, including resume. Accepting applications through April 27, 1977. 

An iqvsi Oyp^nmity imp toy®. 

 m j m a m 
ADJUSTER 
16K spat tar right parson. 
Ray m-$4$4 
NEW DAY PE R SO N N EL 
Consultants tai N I Loop 416 

M ST P E R S M E i R9X + 
1213 SW Military $22-2711 Job 
Exports Inc. Placement Service 
CIVIL ENG NR I14-17K 
Need mara than ona. Some fee paid. Coll Ray )4$-3S4t 
SHARPE Personnel Service 
.. ttffijBMBMie 
__ 

O N A W A N T AO 
TH I N U M B E R TO C A II 
I* 2 2 5 -1 o 6 6 t X O B iS S A N O N E W S 

Immediate openings for 
C -13 o 
SPECIALISTS in the Middle East on a 24 month contract. BENEFITS in­ clude overseas bonus, TAX P R O ­ 
TECTION, free housing, dependent education allowance, yearly flights to U.S. and many others. 

CALL N O W if you have experience on C -13 o aircraft in any of the following skills: 

★ Flight Line/Phase/I.R.A .N. 

★ S h e e tm e ta l M e c h a n ic s 
★ Pneumatics (A F S C -4 2 2 X I) 
★ Electricians 
★ Prop Mechanics (54H -6o) 
★ Inspectors (NDJ) 
★ Fuel Cell Mechanics 
★ Autopilot (E4-C1 2) 
★ Hydraulics 
★ Radar 
★ Flight Controls 

Instruments 
Communication 
Inertial Nov. Systems 
Painters/Corrosion Control 
Loadmaster (463L-4A) 
PMEL 
Fabrics (AFSC 5 8 2 5 o ) 
Flight Engineers 

( ★ Lockheed provides refresher training to update your skills in the disciplines indicated) 

There are additional openings for: 
LOX Operators (G -BIA/2) 
A G E Mechanics 
Materiel Representatives 
(AFM 67-1) 
Maintenance Controllers 

TRAINING SPECIALISTS IN: 

English Language (ESL) 
Supply 
General Aircraft (APG) 
Inspector (Materiel) 
Flight Engineers 
Avionics 

PHOTS 

Requires minimum 2 5 o o current flight hours on C l 3o E or H. 

Men and women.... 

PHO In dinted! or c o u s in no psychology (rom accredited pro- 
9rom. I veer post doctoral super­ vised clinical experience Admin­ ister, interpret, psychodtaenoshc. test; Experience in individual group family ttiorapy, court cor­ rection children. Willing ta obtain 
New Mexico certification Salary 
S14,$l$-S1$,$$2. 

IMC 
SKM NMT 
MSW In psychiatric social work plus m inim um 3 years post graduate direct clinical exper­ ience In Individual-group family therapy, court corrections. Bilin­ gual (Spanish) with knowledge of southwestern cultures. Salary 
512,868-114,44o. Deadline 5-1o-77. 
Send resume ta: 
PERSO N N EL O FFICER 
SO U T H W E S T M E N T A L 
H E A L T H C E N T E R 
575 NJMAIN 
LAS CRUCES, NEW M E XIC O 
M M I 
Equal Opportunity Employer 

Executives 
Managers 
Professionals 

M ost of the better, higher paying jobs are not adver­ tised. Haldane can show you how to find these jobs and how to get the inter­ views. Send your resume today or call now for a no 
.cost or obligation interview. 

N ot a placement agency! 

H a l d S i ^ 
Shoe®*; associates 

The only national job counseling and career management service. 

San Antonio 
Century Bldg., 84 NE Loop 4 1£ 
Suite 275 West / Dept. E 
(512) 3423166 
San Antonio, Texas 78216 
A ls a Houston and Dallas. 

Cable EXECUTIVE 
Regional office*; Boston /Chicago 
Cleveland / Dallas / Detroit / Houston 
|Los Angeles/San Francisco/Tampa 
IMewYgrk / Philadelphia / Washington. 

ENGINEERS 
Check These 
Job Advantages 

 fS Located in Texas 

Very Little Travel 

✓ Advancement 
Opportunities 

✓ Challenging Work 

 p" Scheduled Salary 
Reviews 

 fS Relocation Allowance 

 ie'’ Excellent Benefits 

Company Car 

G r e d v e te in fln o o r * w h o 
• n (o y d e a lin g w ith a v a rie ty o f in d u strie s a n d w h o Ilk * to w o r k w ith p e o p le a r * b e in g o tte re d p o sition s w ith th o se fe a tu re s. 

Pleas# send resume to: 

 inginppring M a n a ge r 
EMPLOYERS 
INSURANCE 
OF TEXAS 
9 O Box 2759 

Dallas, TX 75221 an equal opportunity employer 

COME WITH US, and learn now fields of real estate In our beau­ tifully remodeled office suites. 

TRANSPORTATION 
SECURITY 
OFFICER 
Salary 
SHOO month. 
Company car. Expense*. 
Requires trave! in South 
Texas 3-4 days per week. Law enforcement background required. 
Send replies to; 
DIRECTOR 
Claims Security 
PO Box 18747 

San Antonio, TX 78218 

PLACE YOUR WANT AO 
IN THE EXPRESS NEWS 
CAU 225-1666 

W e are open 7:oo A.M. 
7 days a week to receive telephone call. 
(8oo) 854-7751 

(Except Alaska, California, & Hawaii) 
Please call: (714) 9 88-2531 

O r Send resume to: 
LOCKHEED 
AIRCRAFT 
INTERNATIONAL 
P.O. Box 33, Dept. 9-143 
Ontario, California 

MANAGEMENT TRAINEES 

U.S. H O M E , nation's largest homebuilder, is expanding rapidly in San Antonio. 
W e are seeking intelligent, self-starters to train in all phases of residential con­ struction and management. These positions will be filled by goal oriented people who are willing to work long hours, 6 days a week and who need a growth posi­ tion where income is directly related to their contribution in meeting company ob­ jectives. Degree is not necessary but college is an asset. N o construction ex­ perience required but we prefer 2-3 years full-time work experience. The follow­ ing positions are open, dependent upon your qualifications. 

* Superintendent1 T rainee 
*1 6 ,5 o o 
■k Superintendent....... 
* Lead Superintendent 
*1 7 ,7 o o 
*1 9 ,o o o 

Excellent company paid benefits, cash profit sharing, performance review every 6 months. lf you are ready to start a rew arding career with an aggressive fast m oving com pany, call im­ mediately: 

LOCKE EM PLO YM IN T 
SERVICE 
CALL JOHN VIST 
826-9671 

ENGINEERING OPPORTUNITIES 

QUALITY CONTROL 
Dynomic compony offers mowth, outstanding benefits, a pleasant environment ond informal work atmosphere lo the experienced mechanical engineer who can demonstrate by education and experience that he knows and likes to be a shirt sleeve, hand* on, quality control engineer manager in an electro-mech- onicol production plant. SI 6 • 
I BK, 1oo% free. 
INDUSTRIAL ENGR. 
Blue-chip, non-union firm engag ed in hi-speed, multi unit, light manufacturing offer* arowth, benefits, and an informal work otmoipher# to the BSIE with classic IE production experience. 
$16 • I BK, 1oo% free. 
CIVIL ENGINEERS 
Expanding consultant firm engag­ ed in design, layout & project completion of sub divisions needs a BSCE, Tx reg, with similar ex­ perience to join in their activity with a future piece of the busi­ ness. This firm also needs an entry level degreed CE, preferably 
I • 4 years experience with sub division experience. $12 - 24K, depends on experience. 1oo% free. 
826-9671 
2446 Ceegee Si. 

Construction and Maintenance 
Regional Coordinator, Company expanding to San Antonio area need* individual capable of or ganizlng and terming contracting company. Must ba fully exper­ ienced In apartm ent requ ir­ ements ta Include oil phases of interior-exterior refurburshtng, roofing and asphalt. Individual should be experienced In estimat­ ing and must have proven record of crew supervision and control along with office procedures and management. Forward resume with references and sa la ry requirements to: PO BOX 5316 
Pasadena, Texas 77565. 
CR ED IT MANAGER: Full 
Responsibility, commercial accts. 
Leoding national wholsale firm 
512,666 call Dan Daniels 732-2261 
SN ELLIN G * SNELLING 
Employment Service, $$ GIII Rd. a g m a services 

MALACHI 
'Local Automotive oriented firm. 
Accept and process parts orders, keep records ond communicate with customers and consumers via tatter and telephone. Degree and experelnce in automotive field helpful. Stort $1,6o6 per month. Sand Resume ta Attention 
O. D. Hunter, PO Box 18327, Serna 
Station, San Antonio, TX 71218. 
E N G IN EER, registered P E. with minimum at $ years experience in design of Mechanical ond Elec­ trical systems far cemmarlcal buildings. Parson selected mutt have confidence taal he con man­ age office, protects, plus entire operation lf given the chance. He must have the desire to develop into ownership of firm by proving himself. P too se submit a resume ta: Express News Box 442$. San 
Antonio, Tx 7I2T7 All replies confidential. 

Listed on the 
New York stock exchange 
Coil 349-8o57 Mon. thru Frs. (8 to 6) or send resume to P.O. Box 16431, 
San Antonio, Tex. 78216 

Equal O pp ortunity Em ployer 

EXECUTIVES 

M I N - W O M E N 

SEEKING POSITIONS IN U.S. COMPANIES 
THROUGHOUT THE UNITED STATES OR ABROAD 
OUR 32nd YEAR WITH OFFICES WORLDWIDE . 

National Executive Search, a U.S. based executive search firm, offers a unique service designed to assist qualified executives, earning $18,ooo or more to make a logically planned career move in the geographic area of your choice. 
W e match your capabilities against available positions and negotiate on your behalf. In addition, we market your abilities as your representative to find an accepted position for you by initiating and conducting a five point marketing cam paign exposing you to other challenging opportunities. 
Phone or write for a confidential, no obligation interview. 

M IH M . EXECUTIVE SEARCH— TEXAS 

CULLEN CENTER • MARATHON BLDG. 
6oo JEFFERSON, Suite 1523 
Houston, Texas 77oo2 

TWIN TOWERS SOUTH 
8585 N. Stemmons Freeway, Suite SOB 
Dallas, Tx. 75247 (214) 63o-7o41 

P H O N E 713- 
654-9862 
R.M. CORNWALL AND ASSOCIATES 

N o t an em ploym ent agency 

Exp. municipal and subdivision draftsmen In ast. Austin consult­ ing engineering firm. Call Ooug 
SI2-454-o371 or write Bryant Cu* rington Inc. 3423 Guadalupe 787o5 
E O E 

•'"n o v ic e t o 
JOB APPLICANTS 
Advert: ie ma rtb in these columns ore o:cepted on the premise that |ob* of­ fered will be filed on the bon* of merit without diKriminatton become of sex unit** the {ob is a bonafide oc­ cupational qualification. 
E M P L O Y M E N T 
AGENCIES 
The Son Antonio Private Employment 
Anociation has o rigid (ode of Ethics to which oil its private employment agency members subscribe, for in formation about private employment agencies, or oction on complaints, coll 
22478o2 oi tjp Better Bushes: 
Bureau. 

$12666 House Parents 512666 
24+ married couplet 5 days 4pm ta I : Idem. Dave Crisp. $23-43*8 
Jobs South Placement Service 413 
SW Military ________________ 
JOB HUNTING? $12-565,666. Ber­ nard Haldane A Assoc. (512) 
342-316$. Since f$47. Not a placement agency 
LAND SCAPE SU PERVISO R 
2 years minimum experience, salary open. Dynamic Landscap­ ing Company. 
C R E A T IV E E N V IR O M E N T S 
INC. 1466 S POST OAK RD SU ITE 
1261, HOUSTON, TX 77654 

TECHNICAL ENGINEER 

W n to n i itn « 4 <m*mI ta* m - 

M d ir t * I , l i me tor T«fc«k*l tuft®— > to ta taw* I* Im Art®**, !•«•«. IS D»qr«® rn aapBMrifts, ctamhtry »f relaid 
Wvu.trfMi, md 5 ymtn *«*•«•«• i" <•"• era!* nrattrkHi •»*/», f.rttart Crtranl 
(•quin*. 
Principal tmctran mD ta FraW Same*. 

Send resume to: Express/News 
Box 442o, SA 78297 

An I quat O p p .rtu .ity tm p lo y .r M /I 

^ h a u r a r a M m n r a n n M M m ^ 

SBMO MSS. TRAINEES 
Degree’ Sharp! National co.I 
SPEARS Personnel Service 
267 Jocfcsow-Koller 
I26-12$2 
POSITION O PEN SWTSU- Assis­ tant Director of Accounting. Ex­ perienced in fund accounting, preferably with a university de­ gree In Accounting or CPA. A major position with motor re­ sponsibilities tar annual financial report and supervision of ac­ counting and clerical personnel in 
Geneal Accounting Office. Ap­ plications will be accepted through April 26, 1$77. Apply ta: 
Personnel Office SWTSU, Room 
261, Lib rary-A d m in istro tion 
Bldg., San Marcos Texas. Phone 
245-2)11. SWTSU is an Equal Op- oortunity Em ployer. 
___ 

LOCKE 
EMPLOYMENT 
SERVICE 
CALL JO H N VEST 
8 26-9671 

PROFESSIONAL 

OH A OAS OPPORTUNITIES 

(5) PETROLEUM 
LAND MEN 

Minimum 2 - S years experience 
Cult coast, rocky min or permian basin. Will be bosed Hou, Dnv, 
Midland, Okla. or louisiana To 
S28K, fee paid. 
MANAGER OF 
GAS CONTRACTS 

Minimum of S - 8 years experience in Volume purchasing S -Oley of natural gas 
S condensates, knowledge of contracts, pipe lines S end users. To S3SK, fee paid. 
\826-9671 
2446 Ceegee Stj I 

IN THC I A P R I S S N t W S 

C A L I 2 2 5 - 1 6 6 6 
J 

 r n r n 

... % LINES 

I O DAYS rn 

NON COMMERCIAL! 
CANCELLABLE 
WITHOUT 
RATE CHANGE 
2 2 5 - 1 6 6 6 
QUICK RESULTS! 

• REGIONAL PROPERTY 

• : 
Si 

* 

M ANAGER 

National organization with extensive ownership in low and moderate income housing communities throughout the United States has immediate requirement for PRO ­ 
PERTY M A N A G E R to direct housing management ac­ tivities in regional area. 

Successful candidate must have 3-4 years experience in 
FHA multi-family housing management and ac­ counting knowledge. M ust be able to travel and willing to relocate. 

Compensation package includes base salary, bonus and company paid fringe benefits. Unusual opportunity for personal growth. 

Please send resume and salary requirements in con­ fidence to: 

EXPRESS-NEW S BO X 4386 
San Antonio, Texas 78297 

An Equal Opportunity Employer M /F 

$9,ooo TO 

$ 1 
8 
, o 
o 
o 
Management 
Positions 

★ This is a rare "ground floor" opportunity to join one of the Nation's finest Restaurant thorns. 

*"■ 
* You may, or may not have Restaurant ex- pffz^nce. Som e college preferred. 

 et re. 
* lf You want to succeed and are willing to share oflM llgh standards in Management, Quality Food and Most 
">XH>rtantly, our attitudes toward our customers, we are will­ ing to teach you a highly dem anded profession and skill. 

* : ; 
* Excellent Salary program, Life and Health in­ surance, paid vacations and outstanding opportunity for persona/ growth. 
om i 
Call Monday 9-12 
For Appointment 
826-61o6 

 p e s i g n e r s 

Ground Floor Opportunities in 
Lubbock,Texas, at TI’s new Manage­ ment & Technology Center. Openings exist for designers to prepare design layouts of consumer products in volving electronic packaging, FGB layout, or molded plastic parts. Must have formal training, a minimum of 
4 years experience, and the ability to work from design concept with minimum of supervision. Texas 
Instruments offers excellent fringe benefits, and liberal re-location expenses. 

Call or send your resume in complete confidence to: Texas Instruments/ 
Rocky Sanders/P.O. Box 5o12, M.S. 28/ 
Dallas,Texas 75222. (214) 238-434o. 

T e x a s I n s t r u m e n t s 

I N C O R P O R A I L D 

A n equal opportunity employer. 

 insurance 

SR. LOSS 
CONTROL 
REPRESENTATIVE 

C N A _ 
Insurance an in­ novative and progressive leader in its field has an immediate need for a Sr. 
Loss 
Control 
Represen­ tative in San Antonio. To qualify for this position you’ll need a minimum of three years experience in a multi-line environment. 
Boiler ticket preferred, but not mandatory. Offered to the qualified candidate is a sal ary commensurate with experience, complete fringe benefit package and company car. 
For im­ mediate consideration, call 
(5 1 2 ) 7 3 6 -2 6 8 1 or send resume to: 

Insurance From 
CNA 

1455 West Loop South 

Houston, Texas 77o27 

An Equal Opportunity Employer 

STORE M A N A G ER S A N D 
ASSISTANT STORE M A N A G E R S 
Your Choice: LIVE IN 
SAN A N T O N IO OR AUSTIN 

Must hove recent retail supervisor experience in one or 

 more of the following deportments: Men’s, Ladies’ or 
Children’s Wear; Fabrics; Linens; Shoes; Cosmetics. Learn to be a Store Manager. Good pay, good bonus, many benefits. Closed Sundays, reasonable hours. 

Call or write Mr. Brenner 
Or Mr. Grimm for confidential appointment. 
SOLO SERVE C O M P A N Y 
118 Soledad, San Antonio 782o5 (512) 225-7163 

Source EDP, since 1962, the largest (25 offices 

 nationwide) recruiting firm specialized in the 

 com puting industry, will conduct interviews in San 

Antonio, April 22 and 23 at the Albert Pick (512) 

344-8331. Source EDP is currently representing 

 hundreds of Southwestern and International com ­ 

 panies with openings for Program mers, Project 

Leaders, M anagers and Com puting M arketing Pro­ 

 fessionals. 

 lf you are contem plating a career change, plan on 

 getting together with the Source . . . today. 

As a first step call our Dallas Office (collect) and 

 ask for Karl Vogeler. 

127oo Pork Centro! Plate, Suite 12o6 

Dallas, Texas 7S2S1 

(214) 387-16oo 
< 3 * source 

 personnel roiiMiflanl* 

 i m n - * 

HEMPHILL MCCOMBS FORD 
STARTING A CARIER? 
THIN KING A BO UT A 
CARIER CH AN CI? 
W e n eed peo ple w ho w ont to be trolned tor a care er In autom obile ta le ,. 
WE NEED PEOPLE WHO: 

— Aggressive and enthusiastic 

— Need to make large incomes 
_ Have confidence in their ability to succeed 

— Have management potential 
_ Hove no automobile soles experience 
WE OFFER TO THOSE PEOPLE: 
— Group health and life 
Insurance programs 
— Selling tools not available at other dealerships 

— Intensive training program 
_ Guaranteed S1S,ooo PLUS per year if you follow our proven sale program 
Apply in person to Lynn 
Glaser 
April 15th, 18th, 19th, 2oth 
Between 2: to 5: p.m. 
222-8611 

Texas Uranium Operations 
CHIEF CHEMIST 

As a result of o recent promotion, an opening now exists for a CHIEF CHEMIST to head the on site laboratories in George 
West, Texas, of the largest and most successful uranium solution mine in the country. This "take chorge" position position requires a broad background in inorganic analytical technique and methodology including the utilization of modern analytical instrumentation The ideal tandidofe should have 5 + years experience in lob management and supervision along with a BS or MS degree 

 lf you feel stymied in your present position or you ore stuck in a "number 2" slot, then I urge you to reply in con­ fidente by sending resume including salary history to: 

T e x a s U raniu m O p e ra tio n s 
U.S. STEEL CORP. 
6 o o W in n e b a g o , 7 th F lo o r 
C o r p u s C h ris ti, T X . 7 8 4 o 1 

A tt n : C h a rle s S a n b o rn 

Equal Opportunity Employer M /F 

San Antonio E X P R E SS-N E W S— Sunday April 17, 1977 

S M I E S 
6o2 SALES 
SAH? 

INDUSTRIAL n 
ENGINEER 
O pportun ity for aggre ssive , fn . austria! engineer. 
A l u m . responsibility fo r a w ide varie ty of challenging protects. 
Cor- 
Porpto, Staff positions requiring 
OSU with 2 -4 year* Industrial e x ­ perience In organization analysis, worts m easurem ent, standard cmd cost analysis. 
• Excellent benefits 
• Excellent w orking conditions 
• Salary Com m ensurate with ex perience 
Send Resum e to: 
CLAYTON SEVERANCE fox-Stanley Photo Products, Inc. 
1734 Broadway 
San Antonio, TX 78215 

Equal O pportunity Em ployer 

Market Research 

Representative 

Cpreer opportunities with a leading marketing research company as field representative. Continued growth requires expansion. 

Previous experience not required, though figure ap- trtude and ability to handle detail work necessary. 
This is not a soles position. The work involves gather­ ing data about retail sales for major food and drug manufacturers. Four to eight month training program in suburban Chicago prior to assignment. O ur com­ pany offers excellent starting pay, the opportunity to advance based on merit, on automobile reim­ bursement plan (car required), and on excellent benefit program. College degree preferred. 

It is necessary that applicants be willing to relocate anywhere in tne continental United States. 
... 

Submit resume in confidence stating: Education, cur­ rent earnings, work experience, address and phone number. 

E X P R E S S -N E W S , B o x 4 3 8 1 
S a n A n to n io , Tx 7 8 2 9 7 

SUPERINTENDENT OF 
SANITATION 
Starting salary 
$ 1 4 o 6 - 
$ I SOO com m am w rata wit* qualification*. R e qu ire , any com bination o f ad oration and t n w i t i K * equ ivalen t to gradu ation from collage w ith a B.S. d ogreo in Civil 
Engtnaariag and fix 
(6) year* o f public work* onginoaring axjM rianca It,, eluding tw o 
(I) 
/oar* at retaonsJbia (u p a rv b o ry ox- parlance in solid w a it s 

 d itpoK ri. Attention: 
M.W. Melton, Director of 
Personnel 
P.O. Box 3oo8 
Irving, Texas 75o61 
CITY OF IRVING 
A n aquo/ opportunity em p lo ye r 

★ OVERSEAS ★ 

EXCELLENT POSITIONS IN SAUDI ARABIA FOR PERSONNEL 
WITH EXPERIENCE ON LARGE ENGINEER — CONSTRUCT 

PROJECTS 

Project 
M anagers 
• 
Superintendents 
• 
Cost 
& 

M aterials Engineers • Estimators • Schedulers • Plan­ 

 ners • Contract Adm inistrators • 

C O N S T R U C T IO N EX PE RIEN CE R E Q U IR E D 

• All fees & expenses paid by employer • 

CALI (512) 349-3221 
FOR INFORMATION AND AP­ 
POINTMENT OR MAIL RESUME WITH COMPLETE WORK 

AND SALARY RECORD. 
APEX International 
Suite 2 3 8 , 4 1 o P lace N .W . 
6 3 2 6 S o v e r e ig n D r., S o n A n t o n io , T x . 7 8 2 2 9 

OUTSTANDING 
OPPORTUNITY 

Seeking ADVERTISING MANAGER, knowledgeable in a*1 

 media, for rapidly expanding South Texas department 

 store. Call or write.- Personnel Director, RICHTER’S DEPART­ 

MENT STORE, P. o. Box 119, Laredo, TX 78o4o. 
(512) 723-6371 

ASSISTANT CONTROLLER, 
CREDIT MANAGER 
Acct, deg., CPA offc exp. A + 
.......................47iS,$8Z5 
COST ACCOUNTANT 
Auto Research organization 
STBQxunoath 
FULL CHARGE BOOKKEEPER 
NW business location 
$64o-8oo fee nag. 
BOOKKEEPER TRAINEE 
Accurate typist, learn payroll cashiering, etc. $2.5o an hour 
ECONO-RESOURCES 
42o4 Gardendale Suite 1o7 
“A M I placement ogtncy" 
699-1o15 

 r ACCOUNTING OPPORTUNITIES ' 
LOCKE EMPLOYMENT SERVICE 
CALL M IK E LOCKE, C.E.C. 
8 2 6 -9 6 7 1 
What docs ii mwm lo roo in on opfttonnt to hove tho bolt pto/owonoH finding that peifwt position for you? There ore no Sot gam bolomen! effort! in roof profemonol u n m e t Whet does our profewonoltim mean lo you’ ll moon!, thor our itoff and our reputation xiii bt your greaten 

 one! in finding that opportunity in o field virile 'here ii no room for omoteuri 

ENTRY LEVEL M B A ’S 

Outstanding Texas oil and gas corporation seeks (?) MBA S with o 
I year tuperignte for financial 

 trainee positions Moy June 1977 graduates will be considered To S16K 

SENIOR AUDITOR 

Major Oil and Gas Corporation seeks degreed accountant for new audit deportment Must hove C P A. 

 exposure to oil and gas within public firm considered To S23K 

826-9671 
2 4 4 6 C e e g e e St. 

QUALITY CONTROL 
MANAGER 

N e w lig h t m a n u f a c t u r in g o p e r a t i o n in 

B r o w n s v i ll e , Texas has a n im m e d ia t e r e ­ 

 q u i r e m e n t f o r e x p e r i e n c e d Q u a l i t y C o n t r o l 

M a n a g e r f o r a 1oo-15o e m p l o y e e p la n t . 

E x p e r ie n c e w it h 
O.E.M. s t a n d a r d r e ­ 

 q u i r e m e n t s h e lp fu l. 
Q u a l i f i e d c a n d id a t e 

 p l e a s e f o r w a r d r e s u m e a n d s a l a r y 

 q u ir e m e n t 5 to : 
P.O. BO X 3788 
BROWNSVILLE, TEXAS 7852o 
Equal Opporfunity Employer M / F 

ASSISTANT 
OFFICE MANAGER 
BOOKKEEPER for large ogri business com­ pany located near Harlingen, 
Tx. CPA or Accounting ex­ perience involving gins, elevators, form 8 ranch, a necessity. Must be able to get olong well with people. 
Knowledge of Spanish helpful. 
Send resume to: 
2So AITA PLAZA 
CORPUS CHRISTI, TX 78411 

POSITIONS OPEN NOW 
Credit * Toly fist, com’l *18,5o6 
Enggl..<ers, EE-CE, *17.5oo 
Public Relations til,OOO 
Programmer, Deg. *11,3*o 
Const. Superintendent. *15,ooo 
B E L L Em ploym ent Agency 
o34-74o5 44oo Broadway_______ 

DIRECTOR OF PURCHASING 
SALARY TO $18K 

Son Antonio Based manufacturer needs aggressive individual with record of accomplishment to manage purchasing department. 4 to 6 years experience required and will report to 
.Vice President of Operation. 

CALL STEVE B O SSE 
5 1 2 -7 3 6 -2 2 6 3 
PROFESSIONAL EXECUTIVE CONSULTANTS 
Not “Just Another Agency” 
6243 IH IO Suite 44o 
First National Bank Building 

SALES TRAINEE 
...1 2 ,o oo base 
We hove National food lorn ponies in urgent need of sales representatives 
En­ thusiasm and self motivation a prerequisite. One yea' related soles experience Col lege preferred. Our com ponies offer positions with o future and terrific benefits, including cmmpony 4- ex penses + bonus. FEE PAID. 
Will be Interviewing in our office this week. Call Anno to arrange on appointment 

CONSTRUCTION SALES 
.. . 13,5oo base 
Blue (hip company in con­ struction related industry seeks aggressive sales indi­ vidual with some knowledge of engineering to work in their Son Antonio office familiarity with aggregates or asphalt would be very ad vontaaeous. 
Outstanding growth, coupled with ex ponding markets, ore re­ sponsible for this addition in sales force FEE PAID, Com pony cor + expenses. Coll 
Nancy for an oppointment. 

8 2 8 ’ 

'J u n e (/ r f r f a 

8 3 o N f. lo o p 4 1 o 
Sui to 2 o 9 

ALL POSITIONS FEE PAID 

MEDICAL 
INSTRUMENTATION 
... 14,5oo base 
In recent years considerable attention has been devoted to medical research. With the launching of new pro­ ducts and progress, you could be a port of new ven­ 

 tures in high technology 
Our client compony, a world leader is seeking ACHIEVERS! 
Preference will ae shown to candidates with 2 years suc­ cessful sales experience, however, our client will seriously consider individuals who hove excelled on cam­ pus. Company car 4- exp. 4- 
Bonus. Interviewing in our office Tues., Coll June. FEE 
PAID. 

9 o 6 7 

» r/-htrrff//r\± 
SA L E S 

A Io co m o n t S e rv ice 

DEANIE OWENS CO., 
REALTORS 

 has immediate openings for 3 ex­ perienced agents in their exciting of­ fice at 
1oo3 
N.E. loo p 
41o 
(Broadway Bank and Alam o Savings 
Tower Area.) 
W e offer an excellent commission schedule, plus extensive continuous company wide training. 

 lf you’re thinking about re-locating, call or come by and talk ta us first — strict confidentiality assured. 

O PPO RTU N ITY with our company is 
REAL and N O W and SUBSTANTIAL. 
W e also have openings for 2 new agents, or will sponsor for new license. 

P le a se Contact... 
M R S . LO U B O N D 
8 2 8 - 6 3 9 1 

 lf you’re really serious about solid 
GROWTH in 
SALES... 

 here s what UARCO , a leading m anufacturer of b usin ess forms, can offer you: 
• The opportunity to becom e part of one of the n atio n's m ajor growth industries. 
• An attractive salary and co m ­ m ission plan allow ing su b ­ stan tial e a rn in g s in cre a se s year after year. 
• The satisfaction of m anaging your own time and effort and u sin g your im agination and sales skills to develop labor- reducing system s for co m p a­ nies of all types. 
• Com prehensive training and organizational support. lf your confidence in your own ability isn't producing the kind of personal incom e and work s a t is f a c t io n y o u w o u ld lik e please phone or write: 

C h a rle s E. T a n n e r 
(5 1 2 ) 2 2 4 - 5 5 3 3 
Uarco Incorporated 

1222 N. Main 
Suite L-3o 
San Antonio, Texas 7821 2 

An equal opportunity employer 

SALESMAN 

Local service com pany (est. 1 9 5 4 ) needs I 

Com m ission salesm an. 
Present salesm en 

 average over $ 2 o , o o o per year. Applicants 

 should be self-motivated and have a goo d 

 sales background. Stable em ployment history 

 a must. For the right person we offer top 

 fringe benefits including paid vacation, paid 

 sick leave, paid hospitalization and paid life 

 insurance, etc. N o weekend or evening work 

 required. Autom obile. 

Call Richard Clark Mon-Fri. 9am-5pm 
224-4651 

 equal opportunity employer 

 l*t*f District of Naturel Caaipaay irefci cre tin , graetfc-anaataU SaiU-wartiag. individual to idaatity, moot sod toll ta­ nto red uadotMovo Mi nto odvoftttmg modi. lolatod product! red wrtitci ta top boom o n u repomont; 
U n ite r eiugnmaaii renewing fairing potted 
• Limited Over night horal 
• Salary 4* Commistion 
• Excellent opportunity for aggressive soles producer 
• Previous sales experience necessary 
Call Larry R. Callicott fe d e ra l .sign 
341-8223 
An Equal Opportunity Employer M/F 

REAL ESTATE SALES 

We are accepting applications, for our soon to-open W alzem 
Rood Office. Extensive in house training program . 
For con­ fidential interview call 
N ed * 
Telshaw of 49 4-76 51 j 

 f e o s o u r & k £ m * lu it o e i - sc rf aits a riruu 

Professional Executive 
Consultants Int'l 
Personnel Consultants 
6243 IN 1o, Suite 44o 
512-736-2263 
Professional registered surveyor w illing to porm anontlv locate In 
Son Angelo. Tx. Coll 512-349-3735 tor oooointment. 

Sharpe Personnel Service 
6322 Sovereign Dr. 
Suite 14o, (512)349-3541 
T E A C H E R S : Episcopal School in 
R io G r a n d e V o lle y ; D e g re e required, not cert. K*«. *7,ooo. 
5I2-698-7o14 
_______ 

 j p 
O 
O 
O 
O 
Q 
O 
O 
O 
I I 
GEOLOGY 
INSTRUCTOR 
Master s degree; possess obility to develop and organize course and training material for in­ troductory course in Geology. 
Teaching experience desired. 
Apply G. C. Hogue, President. 
BEE COUNTY COLLEGE 
ROUTE ONE, BEEVILLE, TX 

"Sn XHirmalili T«ti»n (qual 
Oppartumty Implorer" 

Qualified E n g lish Tutor needed, lin g u ist ic s a n d p h o n e tic tron- scription. *5.oo on hour. 824-1965 

TEACHERS! 
Specializing Teacher placement 
S P E A R S Personnel Service 
2o7 Jockson-Keller 
82* 1292 

Senior Research Assoc. 
M u s t h a v e M a s t e r 's in p u b lic h e alth o r 
D o c t o ra t e 
In 
Epidem iology. R equires 3 ye a rs e x p e rie n c e in c a r d io v a s c u la r 
E p id e m io lo g y. Po sitio n w ill be available Ju ly I, 1977. Contact: 
U n iv e r s it y of T e x a s H e a lth 
Science Center, SA. P e rso n n e l 
Office, 77o3 Floyd Curl Drive, San 
I Antonio, T X 7*2*4. 
A n E q g c r i^ p n c i^ 

 r n - m i ______________________ 

A g g re ssiv e A R E A S A L E S R E P tor established territories Austin a n d S a n A n to n io b a se d w ith grow ing com p any in w holesale b uilding m aterials. S U , OOO per year. Fu tu re unlim ited. P le a se 
.se n d re su m e to: E X P R E S S 
N E W S B O X 4312, Sa n A ntonio, 
TX. 79297 
________________ _ 
Assertive and determined person 
: with m anagem ent potential need­ ed. 
Vehicle furnished. 
Call 
I 349-6231.________________________ _ 
: ~ 
IN THI (XPRISS N lW i 
CAII 225 1666 

AN OPEN 
LETTER 

Dear Unemployed Salesmen: 
I am greviously disturbed and distressed about your present status. Please call me— if you can satisfac­ torily explain how your last job or two got away from you, I might be able to offer the best sales op­ portunity you ever in­ vestigated, and place you on our payroll by tomor­ row. Must nave some past j experience in direct: selling. N o out of town trover 
<* 
. 
Call weekdays 
924-42o8 

J U L E 

Page I 7-C 

6Q2 
SALIS 

CARRIERS WANTED 
SMALL BICYCLE ROUTES 
LARGE MOTOR ROUTES 
FOR THE SAN ANTONIO NEWS 

CAN EARN 
$5o TO $25o PER MONTH 
WEST SIDE AREA 

S. Laredo - N u evo - Vera Cruz - Buena Vista - Acm e - S.W . 4oth - S. 
San Joaquin - Dahlgreen - A ldam a - Southlaw n - Harriman - S. Flores. 

Call now - can earn prizes - extra cash - m ovie passes - trips - tickets to local events, etc. For further inform ation call 2 25-7411 Ext. 121 betw een 8 A.M . & 5:oo P.M. 

An Equal Opportunity Employer 

( 

IF YOU ARE 
I 

M H U / IU C A I CC j 

» 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 

I 

IF YOU ARE 
NOW IN SALES 
OR WOULD 
LIKE TO BE 

 ond hove lived in San Antonio 2 or more years, you may qualify for up to $14oo per month solory PIUS earn tommission in excess of that solory Start ’this career with o 3 week training sthool in either Dallas, Kansas 
City or 
Tallahassee. 
All transportation ond other costs poid by IDS ... PLUS o solory j while you ore ot the school 

We invite you, man or woman, to sit in on on introductory doss 
• then you con'judge if a career in financial services is for you. 

Reply in confidence to 
John Klekar 349-1763 between 9cm-5pm 
Investors 
Diversified 
L 

Services, Inc. A 

■w- - W S M * - — M H M 
I 

 ic LEASING PRO ic 

Desire to Employe I Person with 
Experience or 
Ability 
To 
Learn 
Leasing Techniques for Cars and 
Trucks... 

Must Be Adaptable, Capable of 
Learning Fast G row ing Facet of 
Automobile Business. 

GOOD COMPENSATION PLAN 
• Hospitalization 
• Com pany Car 

• O t h e r B e n e f it s 

Apply in Person to Mr. Jim Wright 
* 
TOWNE AND COUNTRY LEASING 
4o1 Iso m R o a d , Suite 19o 
San A n to n io , T e x a s 7 8 2 1 6 

IN S U R A N C E 
B R A N C H M A N A G E R 
National Company now hoi 6 branch offices in Texas and our expansion pion calls for 4 ad­ ditional offices. In order to ac­ celerate our growth, we orc in­ terviewing top quality people from the outside 
This person must hove a very successful track record in the sole of Hospitalization and related life Must furnish proof of soles ond management background ond be currently licensed for ABH ond life. 
We pay top solory plus percen 
(age of premium for lifetime, ex­ pense allowance ond bonus. Our overage Manager lost yeor earn­ ed over 54o,ooo, none under 
525,ooo. Relocation in Texas at our expense, moy be necessary 
For personal interview see or coll: 
I. 
Carl 
Fox, 
Regional 
Manager, 
Village 
Professional 
Center, 7o5 londa St., New Braun­ fels, Tx 7813o. Telephone: (512) 
625-3432, Monday April 18th, 9 om to 4 pm. 

Sales M anagem ent Trainee 
Fee Paid by Employer 

A well established, financially secure, rapidly growing San 
Antonio Company has immediate need for a qualified in­ dividual to shore in that growth. 

To qualify you must have a proven trock record since com­ pleting college, combined with the obility to administer train, ond motivate people olong with earning their respect ond loyalty. 

The initial responsibility of this challenge will be that of a soles representative which would entail establishing ond im­ plementing standardized programs for their clients. 

The next step would be that of soles manager responsible for the productivity of the company s field operations which would reflect on increase in soles volume and quality. 

Attractive salary and benefits commensurate with obility and experience. 
By Appointm ent O nly 
LEhompsnn iEmplcnjmcut S m ite r 
I 2 S9 Jackson K eller 
3 4 2-2 3 91 

RESPONSIBLE 
TRUCK 
SALESPEOPLE 

Special consideration given to bilingual applicants. 
You'll get a new Chevrolet every year, generous commissions, bonuses, etc. 

Apply in person 3:oo to 
6 :o o weekdays, at Texas' only air-conditioned Truck 
Mall, to Sid Bowdler, Truck 
Sales Manager, 1121 
Broadway. 

DO YOU: 

Need from $4oo.oo - $5oo.oo 

 per month? 

Have 3-4 hours each AM & PM? 

Have transportation? 

 lf you are retired, a housewife, or looking for additional income, I have a morning/afternoon, home-delivery newspaper route in the Hwy. I 81 So. 
(Floresville Hwy.) area. Bond deposit will be required. Call Neil Skillings, 
2 25-741 1, ext 
13o, 
Mon., 
Tues., 
Thurs. or Fri. between 9 & I I a.m. 

An Equal Opportunity Employer 

SELLING TOOLS 
TO IN D U ST R Y 
W e have just opened a se­ cond industrial supplies warehouse and need a sales person to sell piping systems, compressors, hoists, drill bits, grinding wheels and other industrial products. Salary and com­ mission. 
F o r A p p o i n t m e n t c a ll 
Clite S p e n r a t h 
223-18o1, ext. 477 

THE PERRY SHANKLE CO. 

 t 
FROST BROTHERS 
* 

Applications are being 
^ 
J accepted in our 
^ 

* 
WIG and MILLINERY 
J 

* 
Department 

* Experience required 
I ai 
I 
T 
Please apply in person to 
#•! 
J 
The Personnel Office 
Downtown 
♦ 

% db dc★ ★ Kb 

IMAGINE, a a 

1. $ 1 o o -$ 2 o o per d ay a v e rage com mission. 

2. N o com petition. 

3. D aytim e Selling to local businesses. 

4. W e offer grou p insurance. 

5. $1 2oo gu arante ed first month. 

N O P H O N Y R U N -A R O U N D S 

TOTAL IN F O R M A T IO N BY PH O N E 
CALL MR. GOLD 

Mon. & Tues. 9 A M -5 P M 
732-5141 

A P R O F E S S IO N A L P A Y C H E C K tor a professional iob well done 
Sell tine Homes in San Antonio, lull o r p a rt-tim e - no e x p e r ie n c e needed, lf you Have a yeor of col­ lege, or are taking (o r plan to 
, take) a Real Estate course, or ore licensed, w e d like to talk to you. 
Form al training school + on-the- 
: lob tra in in g . W e sp e c ia liz e in buyers com ing In from out of town who make a decision In 1-3 days. 
Don't He afraid to call a m anager now 
IN T E R S T A T E «2»-o7S5 til * pm 
ATTENTION vacuum cleaner, book, cookware, insurance salesm an. C ustom ers need O U R products e v e ry day. i High com rn. Phone: 6*4-4947 ter 
OPP't. K IN G S M E N M E A T CO. 

SALESPERSON 

Due to expansion we have need for experienced salesperson. We represent worlds largest manufacturer of dictation equip­ ment. As o Norelco Rep you wilt receive factory training. Office equipment background would be helpful. 
Position offers above average income + other com­ pony benefits, 

For further information call 
3 4 9 -6 2 9 4 

SALESPERSON 

OPPORTUNITY KNO CKS 

A b o ve average income. Excellent benefits, m on­ thly, quarterly bonus. Free hospitalization. Free life insurance. M anagem ent opportunities. W ill train qualified applicant. 

Interview by Appointm ent O N LY 
828-3992 

A T T E N T IO N 
S A L E S P R O F E S S IO N A L S 
See our a d v e rtise m e n t In th is 
Sunday’s ‘T V N O W '. Exciting new 
So la r E n e rg y S y ste m s M a rk e t e x p lo d in g . W e h a v e a u n iq u e highly efficient and cost effective solar energy system tor hoi water and space henting. O nly highly qualified c o m m issio n s a le sp e r­ sons should reply. Call M r. P re s­ ton for Interview 456-9339 

A V O N 
B E Y O U R O W N B O S S . S E T 
Y O U R OW N 
H O U R S. 
S E T 
Y O U R 
O W N 
IN C O M E . 

A s on Avon Representative, you work for yourself. Set your own h o u rs, e a rn good m on e y A n d 
A von will show you how to run your own business. Coll: 726-o74) 

Attractive, m ature Flow er Sales 
Person, retail sales, call 349-4561, i 
M r. Brown. 

B U S IN E S S S A L E S *!o,*oo + 
Fee relm b. som e college, som e experience Chuck 349-3541 
S H A R P E Personnel Service 
M I M ? Sovereign Dr.,Suite 14o 

Automobile salesm an needed no exp n e ce ssary, a p p ly in person 
Jake Schuehle Ford, Inc. Hw y 9o 
West, Hondo, tx . 

D E A N IE O W E N S CO., S E O F ­ 
F IC E , N E E D S Two experienced safes agents. E a rn from *13,ooo to 
*25,ooo per year. A ik tor Suzanne 
Smith, 533-5345 

E a rn between *15.ooo and *3$,OOO per year, buying ond selling real estate on o state wide basis No experience necessary, will train 
BIA JACK MITCHELL 
S32-31o7 
R E A L T O R 

ENCYCLOPAEDIA 
BRITANNICA 
Sales people ore am ong the h igh­ est oak) in the world 
I. immediate openings 
3. We will train 
3. M u st have car 
4. We work leads - appt basis 
F o r personal Interview 
Colt 732-21o5___ 

Page I 8-C 
San Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— Sunday April I 7 , I 977 

6o2-SALES 
6o2-SALES 
6o2 SALE1= 
684 - TECHNICAL 
684 TECHNICAL 
6o4-TECHNICAL 
6o4-TECHNICAL 
S J B 
U B L 
8o8 SECRETARIAL 

AUTOMOBILES 
PROFESSIONALS 
JOIN T H E # I 
CHEVY TEAM 
IF 

EXPERIENCED IN SALES A P P LY 

IN PER SO N TO 
CHUCK WALLENDORF 

LOOP 4 1 o AT SA N PEDRO 
A N E Q U A L O P P O R T U N IT Y EM PLO YER 

PROFESSIONAL 
SALES POSITION 
I c o d in g 
D istrib u to r o f p a p e r p ro d u c ts a n d sa n ita ry m a in te n a n c e su p p lie s is se e k in g 
S a le s 
P e rso n fo r o u r S a n A n to n io 
D iv isio n . E x p e rie n c e in se ll­ in g in d u stria l p a p e r p r o ­ d ucts, sa n ita ry m a in ­ te n a n c e su p p lie s, o r retail p a c k a g in g is p re fe rre d . E x ­ cellent c o m p e n sa tio n a n d b en efits. C a ll: 
MR PCP ARELL A 
CENTURY PAPERS, INC. 
225-2881 
A n (q u a t O p p o r t u n it y 
* im p lo y e r 

TECHNICIANS 
AUTO ACCIDENT INVESTIVATION— 
Knowledge of mechanics required. Capability of interviewing personnel, 
Quantitative measurements, detailed recording required, local travel. 
Mechanical capability, high school graduate. 
ELECTRO MECHANICAL— 
Two years college in engineering plus automotive instrumentation ex­ perience. 

K H A U SA K S WITH 
M A N & G IM EN T OPPORTUNITY 
Sterling 
Sound has immediote opening for one good solesmon with management potential Retail soles of management e*perien<e is required Someone with stereo fomponent CB radio and Hi-fi or- tessory sales e«periente is prefer­ red. Good storting salary ond com­ mission + many excellent com­ pony benefits. 
Call Juan Salinas Jr. 
341-81 11 
Between IO orwi 12 noon 
♦or appointment 

 to S18,ooo + Good Benefits 
ASSISTANT CONTROLLER 
RETAIL ACCOUNTING 

H e a v y retail sto re a cc o u n tin g e x p e rie n c e req u ire d. 

R e p o rt to C o n tro lle r. O p p o rt u n ity to a d v a n c e . H e ig h t 

 o n d w e ig h t m u st b e in p ro p o rtio n . A ll a p p lic a tio n s 

 h eld c o n fid e n tia l. S e n d letter o n d re su m e (n o o g e n - 

 c.es, p le a s e ) o r ca ll ... 

M r . B r e n n e r o r M r . G r im m 
5 1 2 - 2 2 5 - 7 1 6 3 
SOLO SERVE C O M P A N Y 
118 Soledad, San Antonio, Texas 782o5 

FULL TIME TELEPHONE SALES 
9 A.M. to 5 P.M. 

W e can train you to earn up to $ 4 .o o per hr. making calls from our office, we are on the bus line and we have free parking. 

 lf you are 18 or over and need a steady |ob with a chance for advancement please call 
MR. COLEMAN 

2 2 5 - 2 8 1 8 

 an equal opportunity em ployer 

Outside 
Sales 
Experience required, oil major compony benefits, apply Getz 
Exterminators, 
Inc., 
122 B W. Rhapsody. 

ROUTE 

SALESMAN for established wholesale sandwich route with 
Chuck 
Wagon food Services Good com­ mission with excellent guaran­ teed salary, fxperience helpful, but not required. 
Phone 
Ed 
Messman, loQuinto Motor Inn, 
Airport West. 219 NC loop 41o. dial 342 4291 for interview ap­ pointment 

MANAGEMENT TRAINEE 

• Sales position with chance for advancement to management 

• Male or Female — over 25 — no smokers need apply 

• Salary during training 

• Exercise or physical education background helpful 
Apply in Person to 
David Barrow 
TRIM & SWIM HEALTH SPA 
1335 NE LOOP 41o 

STORE MANAGER 
W in d s o r P a r k M a il 

Exce lle n t o p p o rtu n ity fo r self m o tiv a te d sa le s o rie n te d 

 c a re e r-m in d e d in d iv id u a l d e sirin g re sp o n sib ility 
& 

 c h a lle n g e , in a se c u re future w ith a ra p id g r o w in g 

 n a tio n a l retail cha in . B e gin a s a m a n a g e r o f a la d ie s 

 sp e cia lty c lo th in g store. Retail e x p e rie n c e p re fe rre d , but 

 the d e sire to a c c o m p lish far m o re im p o rta n t! S a la r y p lu s 

 bon u s. 
Conducting Interviews April 26-27-28 
Send resume to: 
EXPRESS-NEWS BOX 6359 
San Antonio, Texas 78297 

FREDERICKSBURG AREA 

D E A L E R W A N T E D 
F O R 
F R E D E R IC K S B U R G 
A R E A . 
IF Y O U 

N E E D E X T R A C A S H P L E A S E C A L L C O L L E C T A T 2 2 5 7 4 1 1 

EXT 
I 1 4 O R I 15 , S A N A N T O N I O . T E X A S O R Y O U M A Y 

C A L L M R . 
L E R O Y P F E IL, 9 9 7 - 2 9 4 3 IN F R E D E R IC K S B U R G . 

Y O U W IL L BE A D E A L E R R E P R E S E N T IN G T H E E X P R E S S A N D 

N E W S S E R V IC I N G H O M E D E L IV E R Y C U S T O M E R S . E X C E L ­ 

L E N T I N C O M E S U P P L E M E N T F O R S O M E O N E 
L IV IN G IN 

T H IS A R E A . N O E X P E R IE N C E N E C E S S A R Y . G O O D T R A N S ­ 

P O R T A T IO N 
R E Q U IR E D . 
G E N E R O U S 
T R A N S P O R T A T IO N 

A L L O W A N C E 
P R O V ID E D 
G R O S S 
A P P R O X IM A T E L Y 

$ 6 o o . o o M O N T H L Y . W O R K 
2 V ? H O U R S IN M O R N I N G S 

A N D 
I Vt 
H O U R S 
I N 
A F T E R N O O N S . 
$ 1 o o . o o 
IN IT IA L 

B O N D P A Y M E N T R E Q U IR E D . 

.................................... 
.I, ii.., 
| ii —— 
— — ft 

SALES OPPORTUNITY 

We ore looking for people in­ 

 terested in pursuing o career in 

REAL ESTATE 
We offer on ex­ 

 cellent commission schedule, plus 

 extensive compony wide training. 

Coll for an rnterview. 
3 44 -6 2 o 7 
DFANIE 
OWENS CO. 
REALTORS— M IS 

N. WEST OFC. 

HOME DELIVERY 
We need two full time R E A L E S ­ 
T A T E A G E N T S to rom our -M il­ lion Dollar Soles C lub " this year. 
Coil M r G onioles or Mr. Wiegel today 736-4426. 
D E A N IE 
O W E N S 
CO. 
R E A L T O R S 
H O M E I M P R O V E M E N T C O M ­ 
P A N Y needs 5 young, aggressive m en for part tim e or tut! tim e work. M ust be self-starters, earn­ in gs from SSO SISO a day Sales e x p e rie n ce p re fe rre d , but not required. 
Call for interview, 
826-9683 
H O S P IT A L IZ A T IO N 
A G E N T S N E E D E D 
To represent both Group I and ll, brokers ok, sell m ajor m edical, m ed icare supplem ents, b u rial, cancer, d o c to r's colts, n u rsin g home policies. High com m issions, plenty of fresh leads daily. Con tact Jock Lawrence, 8:3o om-9:3o am w eekdays, all day Saturday ond M onday, 349-4812. E ve n in g s 
Ofter 8, 344-o575. 
IOX S U P E R C L O S E R Exc. co-futl frin g e b enefits, p lu sh . D o n n a 
732-2191, 2So1 W est Ave. J o b s 
North inc. Personnel Consultants 

MAKE A NOTE 

56oo x 25*1o equals 515o. 

SISO x S equals $75o. 

S i m p l e a r i t h m e t i c : $ 3 , o o o p e r m o . 
S e l l i n g to b u s i n e s s e s , d a y ­ t im e o n ly . 
C a ll and le a v e y o u r p h o n e num ber and the time to call you, 
824 443o. 
We ore an established com pony 
; with o proven program . 

Mature person to train tor sales in prof mgnt to $9,ooo 
Century Placem ent Service 
153 W Century Bldg 349-1373 
M ature sales person tor nursery with knowledge of plants, shrubs, on d s a le s e x p e rie n c e . V o g e ls 
N ursery. 732-9221 

MOVING CONSULTANT 
Local m oving and storage com ­ p o n y , a g e n t fo r n o t'l m o v in g company, has an opening for full lim e s o le s m o n . 
E x p e r ie n c e preferred. Straight com m ission. 
M ust have own car, gasoline fur­ nish e d . B u s y s e a so n a b o u t to begin. Coll for interview 333-333o 
O L A N M IL L S S T U D IO 
N e w O p e n in g s in o u r s a le s d ep artm ent due to e x p a n sio n . 
Three locations in San Antonio, work into managem ent. Excellent pay, no experience needed Any oge considered. Call M r. John, 
828-3433 between 9 am )2 noon. 

Full Time 

Plumbing Salesperson 

5-day 4o-hour week with paid vacation, 9 holidays, and employee discount on purchases. 
Profit sharing, retirement plan, group hospitalization and life insurance available. 
Apply: personnel office. 

An Equol Opportunity Em ployer MZF 

Sears Central Park Store 

Opening for inside sale sm an to sell contractors equipm ent and supplies to the Construction In- dustries. coll for appt. 734-5394 

$3 PER HOUR PLUS com m ission to start, calling on our custom ers. C a r n e ce ssary. 
M ust be neat and cleancut 
494-5812 
P H A R M A C E U T IC A L S A L E S 
M otor m anufacturer needs sales person for C orpus C hristi Area. 
College degree preferred, with science b a ckgro u n d . C o m p a n y 
Offer so la r y. c o m m issio n , c a r expense, and other benefits. Send reeume to: G. T. M oore. 28o3 Old 
M o s s R o o d ; S a n A n to n io , T X 
78217. An Equal Opportunity £m - pioyer, M -F 
Phone men and women. One of the best phone operations in town. 
Bilingual. Coll Dutch 228-9991 

Me 

R ( 
I anagement 
Recruiters 
Personnel Consultants 

SALES REPRESENTATIVES 

We ore currently working with several notional corporations who ore seeking aggressive goal oriented people for positions as Sales Representatives. You should have o minimum of I yedr experience of the retail level and hove demonstrated a pattern of success in your present position. All fees ore paid by client companies, for information coll 
8 2 6 -8 6 6 6 
87oo Crown Hill Suite 5o4 

REAL ESTATE CAREER 
W e are acc e p tin g ap p licatio n s from both licensed ond unlicensed pe rso n s due to e xp a n d in g b u si­ ness. T raining by a professional stoff. Call R ay Teal or Ruby Zipp fo r c o n fid e n tia l in te rv ie w . 
341-2222, 6651 San Pedro 
Century 21 
R E A L E S T A T E 
E x p a n d in g c o m p a n y h a s im m ediate o p e n in g s for 2 e xp e r tenced sale sp e rso n s. E xce lle n t com m ission schedule and plea sa n f w o rk in g co n d itio n s. C a ll 
Gayle 341-9176 
S A L E S L E A D E R 
F o rm e r or C u rre n t In su ra n c e 
Reps. Fastest New Business O p­ portunity Part or Full Time, En- toy Im m e d ia te V e stin g , R e t ir ­ ement Com m issions. Call 653-8111 day, 494-3149 eves. 
SALER MANAGER 
(N ational) new food m achinery m an u factu re r to form sofas o r­ ganization M u st participate in profit*. 222-2278. 

MECHANICAL 

ELECTRONICS- 

Rotating shift work, high school graduate, mechanically inclined with some experience in automotive work, engine operator. 

FCC 2nd class radio-telephone license. Maintenance of inventory ond check­ out system for equipment; preventive maintenance, minor repair and management of major maintenance for equipment, vehicles ond Onon 
Generators. 

★ 5 Day w ork week 

★ Excellent em ployee benefits 

★ Salary increases based on merit 
For in te rv iew ap p ointm en t, p lease call the Perso nnel O ffice at 6 8 4 -5 1 l l , ext. 2 2 5 3 . 
SOUTHWEST RESEARCH INSTITUTE 
85oo Culebra Rd. 
Cqual O p p o rtu n ity Em ployer 

SECRETARY-CLERK TYPIST 

Southwest Research Institute has employment opportunity for: 
SECRETARY 
Type 7o-8o wpm, dictation and dicfaViw 
Executive typewriter. Excellent spelling. 5 years experience, prefero biy ibimin.ui report typing. 
CLERK TYPIST 
Type 6o wpm, excellent spelling. Selectric typewriter. Purchase order typing -1 years ex­ perience. Accounts receivable-typing government vouchers, commercial invoices, 3-5 years experience. International Technical magazine typing, bibliographies ond sum­ maries, 3 yeors experience. 

★ 5 Day Work Week 
★ Excellent Employee Benefits 
★ Salary Increases Based On Merit 

For interview appointment 

P le a se Call 
Personnel Office 
6 8 4 -5 1 1 1 , ext. 2 2 5 3 
SOUTHWEST RESEARCH INSTITUTE 
8 5 o o C u le b ra 
Equal Opportunity Employer M ZF 

6o2 - SALES 

T E R R IT O R Y R E P : $85o ft od! 
Bonus, co c a r * exp. outstanding 
Benefits. Call E ve Long, 341-2551 
S N E L L IN G A S N E L L IN G 
Em ploym ent Service 1o2 Rector 
T E R R IT O R Y S A L E S IOX + 
Fee pd. c a r+ e x p e n se s+ bonus 
Natl, co., degree, Bernie 684-868o 
F IN N E Y A Assoc Personnel 
Cons, S83S Callaghan No32S 

SI 5.ooo UP 
N e e d 2 e x p e rie n c e d c lo se r s . 
P ro v e n m a rke t, h ig h c o m m is ­ sions. no out of pocket expenses, leads furnished 
736-3123 
Work Toward Manaoement 
M en or women. We ore looking tor people interested In pursueing a coreer in advertising. We offer an excellent com m ission schedule, will train you to m ake $1oo per day, w orking less than 4o hours per week in one of the largest and fastest grow ing Industries in the 
State Call Gene 349-35o3. 
W O U L D Y O U L IK E TO K N O W 
M O R E A B O U T A C A R E E R IN 
R E A L E S T A T E A N O T H E A D ­ 
V A N T A G E S T H A T O N L Y R E D 
C A R P E T C A N O F F E R IN NW 
S A N A N T O N IO ? C A L L B O B 
W A N D R IS C O 699-1133 F O R C O N ­ 
F ID E N T IA L IN T E R V IE W . 

REO CARPET 
2x3 11.2 O E A N IE O W E N S CO 
R E A L T O R S 
2 x 3 S a le s m M a n a s g e m e n t 
Trainee Fee Paid by Em p loyer A w ell e sta b lish e d ,, f in a n c ia lly secure rapidly grow ing San A n ­ tonio C o m p o n y h as im m ediate need for a. qualified individual to share in that growth. To qualify you m ust hove a p ro ve n track record since com pleting college, c o m b in e d w ith the a b ilit y to ad m inister train, ond m otivate people along with e a rn in g their respect and loyalty. The initial esponsibility of this challenge will be that of a sales representative w hich w ould entail establishing and im plem enting standardized probgram s tor their clients. LThe next step would be that of sales m a n a g e r re sp o n s ib le fo r the p ro d u c tivity of the c o m p a n y 's field operations, which would re­ flect an increase n in sales volume and quality. Attractive salary and b e n e fits c o m m e n s u r a t e w ith ability and experience. 

® 
SP ASSOCIATES 
Professional Employment 
Consultants 
18oo N.I. loop 41o 
828-5573 
A U FEES ASSU M ED BY 
CLIENT 
C O M P A N IE S 
No Controd to sign 
(Coll M yron Goldman) 
(B y Appointment Only) 

TECHNICAL 

(Call R oger W hite) 

 tlECTIKSl (NGINX* 
TO SII,OOO 
Project ond maintenance related position dealing with dry process machinery installation ond in­ strumentation. 

WOOUCTION M*N*Gt« ... TO SI 1,ooo 
Will boodle supervision of sheet metol, plating, woodworking ond fiberglass production oreos. Must hove honos-on ability in two or more of specialties - plus o solid supervisory frock record. 

MACHIN! SHO*SUfllVISO* TO SIX OOO 
Full chorge of small SECOND SHIFT operation. Must have hands on ability to set up vertical ond horizontal milling machines and 
Wiedomatic. 

Civil CNGINfERS.......... TO $18,ooo 
Experience required in 
SUB 
DIVISION AND/OR MUNICIPAL. 

PROGRAMMERS 
IBM SYSTEMS III 

MODEL IS 
RPG Iii 

U S A F , n o n a p p ro p ria te d fu n d , h a s im m ed ia te o p e n in g in 

 c h a lle n g in g d isc b a s e d , C R T o n line o p e ra tio n . D e sire 

 b a n k in g -fin a n c ia l e xp e rie n c e . S a la r y $ I 7 M + 

Submit current resume and salary history to: 
Civilian Personnel Office, 12 DPC N 
Randolph Air Force Base, TX 78148 

O r Contact: 
JO H N D A G G ETT or 
BO B CLUTTS 
DIRECT 

In S a n A n to n io coll 6 5 2 - 2 2 8 5 . O th e r T e x a s p o in ts call 

8 o o - 2 9 2 - 5 2 7 5 . O t h e r sta te s call 8 o o - 5 3 1 - 5 7 9 6 . 

Equal O pp ortunity Em ployer 

6o6 ADMINISTRATIVE. 

FINANCIAL 

6o6 ADMINISTRATIVE-. 
FINANCIAL 

Hi 

 m RESUMES 

R E L IA B L E R E S U M E S 
W R IT T E N R E A S O N A B L Y 
699-1 OIS 

6o6-ADMINISTRATIVE- 
FINANCIAL 

•YOUR OWN AGENCY# 
Farm ers Insurance Group otters com plete training p ro g ra m and all types of Insurance. Continue present lob w hile starting your own agency on port tim e basts. 
Training and supplies furnished. 
F o r a c o n fid e n tia l In te rv ie w , contact S a le s M a n a g e r, J e rry 
M cDougald by catling 824-7573. 

6M-TKHNICAL 

STEREO 
COMPILERS 
P e rm a n e n t p o sitio n s a v a ila b le fo r e x p e rie n c e d plotter o p e ra to rs. 
S h o u ld h a v e a t le a st 2 yrs. e x ­ p e rie n ce o n 
W IL D 
A 8 a n d 
A - I O a u t o g r a p h o r sim ilar e q u ip m e nt. 
S e n d re su m e to: 
AERO SERVICE DIVISION 
81oo Westpark Dr., 
Houston, Texas 77o63 

 or telephone 
713/ 78 4-58 oo Ext. 348 for further inform ation or confidential interview. tquol Opportunity 
Impi oyer M I f 

NEED DEPENDABLE 
Experienced 
Structural or 
Architectural 
DETAILER 
For Pre (ast concrete. Must be able to work in­ dependently and hove 2 years experience, (all for opp* 
924-4471 
W O LC O 
C O R P O R A TIO N 

A Subsidiary of Stanley 

Works 

I 
I 

P U R C H A SIN G 
A G E N T 

 to $2o ,oo o Fee Paid 

Your procurement experience through government contracts lands this superior compony. 
Must be willing to relocate into the Southern U.S. All interview- relocations paid 

C o n ta c t te n N e ls o n 
69o-9191 
Key Personnel 

Search Consultants 

42o4 G ardendale Suite 1o4 

San Antonio, Tex. 78229 

 r 
CONSTRUCTION 
EQUIPMENT 
ACCOUNTANT 

M u st have 5 years experience 

 in Equipment Accounting. Will 

 be involved with depreciation, 

Texas sales and use tax, ond 

 rental rate for heavy equip­ 

 ment. 
Em phasis on cost ac­ 

 counting. 

HB ZACHRY CO. 
. 527 Logw ood 
Call 9 2 2 -1 2 1 3 Ext. 348 
For Appointm ent 

. 
[QUAI OPPORTUNITY IMPLOYER 

INTEREST IN 
BOOKS 
ESSENTIAL 

W aldenbooks has openings 

 for full time em ployees. 

Retail book selling e x ­ 

 perience preferred. 

Call 344-oo37 

Or come by North Slot M oll 

(qual Opportunity Imployer 
. 

FASHIOM TRAVEL 
Shorn fashion minded person to 
! travel m ajor fashion centers-all 
I exp pd ! Gen. sol + comm. 

F IV E D O L L A R S A N H O U P i Knapp Shoe part-tim e salesm en earn this much ond more because c o m m iss io n s a re h ig h e r than e v e r N O in v e stm e n t! F R E E iequipm ent! F R E E training p ro ­ gram ! F R E E Shoes! Interested? 
Write H.E. M oaner, Knapp Shoes, 
3o4 K n a p p C e n tre , B ro c k to n , 
: M assachusetts o24o1 

S A L E S M G H . S A L A R Y O P E N 
L a r g e So. Tex. firm . E x p e r., bilingual. Fee negotiable. Chuck 
Hotmgreen 349-JS4! 
S H A R P E Personnel Service 
6322 Sovereign Or.,Suite 14o 

E X E C U T IV E S A L E S 
Good salary + com m, good spot tor you. Call Tom 349-354! 
S H A R P E Personnel Service 
: 6322 Sovereign Dr.,Suite 14o 

FO O D R E P : Fee pd. Nat l firm. 
Productive territory, car + exp. 
Bonus. $94oo, Tom Snow, 341 2551 
S N E L L IN G 4 S N E L L IN G 
Em ploym ent Service 1o2 Rector 

O N A W A N T A O 
THI N U M B E R YO C A I I 
I i 2 2 S - I 6 6 6 
I X PRIS S A N O N I W S 

F u r n it u r e sto re M e r c h a n d is e 
M anager, sales M anager, a take charge, young, aggressive, retail genious. Will share percentage of i net profit. P O Box 4o213, Houston, 
I Tx 77o4o. 
_____ 

IN THI E X PRI SS N ( W S 
C A U 2 2 5 - 1 6 6 6 

S A L E S R E P . 
Great oop + Top POV 
Call R a y 828-6494 
N E W D A Y P E R S O N N E L 
Consultant* 9o1 N E Loop 41o 
S A L E S 
S E R V IC E P E R S O N for pest control com pany, exper­ ience preferred, but not neces- spry 656-86oo, 735-4921 
S E C U R IT Y S A L E S R E P , $72oo + 
Car, top nan ca. a real test tor right one,+ com m it*, call M ik e 
Metis 6S7-I123 
Snelling A Snelling Em ploym ent 
Service 82o3 Rough Rider 
Teachers Learn, earn $8oo. $1o5o in new career, re w ard in g F re d 
732-2191. 2So1 W e st A v e . J o b * 
North Inc. Personnel Consultant* 
T ERRITO R Y RFR: Fortune SOO 
Concern, enviable po si Hon. lite 
Travel, cor, expenses, superb be­ nefits. SHK. Tom Snow, 341-2551. 
S N E L L IN G A S N E L L IN G 
Em ploym ent Service 1o2 Rector 

^ Management 
Recruiters 
Personnel Consultants 
87oo Crown Hill 
Suite 5o4 

COMMUNICATIONS IN G IN KR 
To............................. $2o,ooo iiptrttiue os o corporate commutttteftoni planner it required by our Houston based dient. You should be familiar with Data acquisition, transmission. PBX, TX TWX, 
(entre* and micro wove. f«mikarify with 
A H I or GTI is o benefit. 1511 preferred. J 

CREDIT 
MANAGER 

Bilingual, must be ex perienced in credit and col­ lection. Top salary. 

Call for appt.: 
Mr. M arvin 
Plaza Furniture 
223 W . Commerce 
225 -29 63 
I 
I 

ACCOUNTANT S16K 
1233 SW M ilitary 922 2711 Job 
Experts Inc. Placement Service 
A C C O U N T A N T : Entrance 
Level nan. co, career position 
$81oo call Dan Daniels 732 2261 
S N E L L IN G A S N E L L IN G 
Em ploym ent Service, 96 Gill Rd. 

H O B E R T H B L F 
P C - R S O N N E I . A G E N C I E S 

Suite 34o lirst National Bank Bldg 
San Antonio, Texas 782o1 
(512) 736 2467 

PAR TIAL LISTING 

SOFTWARE SUPPORT P R O G R A M M E R /A N A LY ST .............. to $18,ooo 
Burroughs 67oo support exp. required. Desires knowledge of MCP ond doto comm. 

SENIOR SYSTEMS A N A IY ST / C O N SU IT A N T ......................... $23,ooo 
FORTUNE SOO (o. seeks o sell stoner with degree to trove! domestic and international 5o% . Super opportunity to grow ond enjoy visibility. REY- strong hordwore/softwore/systems bkgnd. 

H oSPITA I SYSTEMS or MFG. S Y S T E M S ............................. to $25,ooo 
Severol openings for individuals with one or more yeors ex­ perience in support, development, or installation. 
Degree desirable. 

MICH SYSTEMS C O N SU ITA N T............................................ $2o,ooo 
Fortune SO bonks needs someone with 37o OS/MVS ond 3 yeors on-line MICK. A K is o plus. 
W e Protect C andid ates Confidential Search 

NO CONTRACTS— NEVER A FEE TO APPLICANT 

WORLD S LARGEST FINANCIAL & EGP EMPLOYMENT SPECIALISTS 

Over SO Offices United Stotes, Canada & Great Britain 

EXPERIENCED 
COLLECTOR 

For inside and outside collections 

Major Department Store 

C all M r. C la y 
349-ooo1 

MANAGER TRAINEE S65o+ 
$6So salary plus com m for shorp person, w illing to learn va rio u s m gm 't duties. Good present-great future! 
Banner Personnel Service E ast 
SSO Village at 41oE 657-1212 
M A N A G E R T R A IN E E $75oo + 
Caree-minded, national chain 
Call Carol Kleiber 657 1123 
Snelling A Snelling Em ploym ent 
Service 82o3 Rough Rider 
■ M A N A G E R T R A IN E E : Fast 
Grow ing restaurant choir, H S grad, Interest in food service 
$84oo Call Phi! A rroyo 732-2261 
S N E L L IN G A S N E L L IN G 
Em ploym ent Service, 96 Gill Rd. 
M G T. T R A IN E E 
Estb firm. Great oppty. $6oo. Call 
Ray 
828-6494NEW 
D A Y 
P E R S O N N E L 
Consultants 9o1 N E Loop 41o 
Office M anager. M ust have m in­ im um 3 years exp in credit and collection, some autom ation exp helpful. Excellent fringe benefits. 
For qualified person interested in good future Phone Bill Bicklev for oppt. 341-1oo1. Equal Opportunity 
Em ployer 
P H O N E R E P : Train for m gm t 
Able to m ake decisions, career 
$78oo call Phil A rroyo 732-2261 
S N E L L IN G A S N E L L IN G 
Em ploym ent Service, 96 Gill Rd. 

C B R E P A IR M A N F C C licensed 
Coll Service M f r . 349-4465 
C IV IL D R A F T S M A N 
Apply at M a ve rick Engineering 
Co., 8o33 Pinebrook, 349-3963. 
E L E C T R O N IC T E C H . Install 
And service equipment, training. 
Provide, natl co., top benefits 
$98oo+ call Dan Daniels 732-2261 
S N E L L IN G A S N E L L IN G 
Em ploym ent Service, 96 OHI Rd. 
E S T IM A T O R M F G $96oo 
B lu e p rin ts. C o t ra in s if m ath background. Con R a y 349 3541 
S H A R P E Personnel Service 
6322 Sovereign Dr..Sulte 14o 
G E N E R A L F O R E M A N : Aircraft coatings, metol processing. Too co. $11,96o+ Lee Baker, 341-2551 
S N E L L IN G A S N E L L IN G 
Em ploym ent Service 1o2 Rector 

LABORATORY TECHNICIAN 
Exp e rie n ce d In testing of toll*, con crete on d a sp h a lt d esired . 
Solary open. Call 924-4266 for a p p t 
_ _ _ 
L A B T EC H . 
With exp. gets good spot for $85oo. 
Call R a y 828-6494 
N E W D A Y P E R S O N N E L 
Consultant* 9o1 N E Loop 41o 
Program m er 37o O S-VS exp. tee pd. SH $14,5oo 
Century Placem ent Service 
153 W Century Bldg 349-1373 

M U U M TRAINEE 
1233 SW M ilitary 922-2711 Job 
Experts Inc. Placem ent Service 
Structual steel detailer with e x­ p e rie n ce in tu b u la r steel. C a ll l l 2-349-3735, tor appointm ent____ 

A C C O U N T A N T $11,ooo 
Entry level, northside, great opp­ ty. Tom Sharpe 349-3541 
S H A R P E Personnel Service 
6322 Sovereign Or.,Suite.MO 
A D J U S T E R T R A IN E E : Inside 
Good phone voice, no relocation 
S62oo call Betty G rant 732-2271 
S N E L L IN G A S N E L L IN G 
Em ploym ent Service, 96 GIII Rd. 
A D M IN IS T R A T IV E A S S IS T A N T 
Port time. To start June 16. $428 a month plus health Insurance and retirement. Adm inistrative, book­ keeping, and se cre ta ria l sk ills needed. Se n d R e su m e to Joh n 
Wand less, 3S1o N. Main, 78212. 

S E C T Y - 8 o o K K E E P E R 1oK 
Fee od for attractive skill 
N Y S E co. call Kathy 684-868o 
F IN N E Y A Assoc Personnel 

6o8 • SECRETARIAL 

EXECUTIVE 
SECRETARY 

 fox Photo has a position open for o mature, experienced 
Executive 
Secretory in our corporote offices. 
Must hove the following skills: 

• Type 6o wpm 
• Shorthand IOO 

 e lo p e 
• IO key adding 
Dictation machine 

 e Light Bookkeeping 

Excellent working conditions ond benefits Office will soon be relocat­ ed at 875o Tesoro Dr 
For appointm ent call.- 
Carole Koepp 
226 -63 11, ext. 272 
Equal O pp ortunity Em ployer 

688 - SECRETARIAL 

B O O K K E E P E R F C. $6oo 
Good n a side location, some typ­ ing. Call A m y * 349-3541 
S H A R P E Personnel Service 
6322 Sovereign Dr.,Suite 14o 

A O M S E C T Y $75o + 
Top skill net top SS with 
Top organization, call 684-868o 
F IN N E Y A Assoc Personnel 
Cons, 5835 Callaghan No32S 
B A N K S E C R E T A R Y : Beautiful 
Ole., public contact, various duties 
S6oo+ call Jo Singleton 732-2261 
S N E L L IN G A S N E L L IN G 
Em ploym ent Service. 96 Gill Rd. 

SECRETARY 
FULL TIME 

8-5, typing, shorthand, general office. 

Apply in person 

48oo Fredericksburg Rd. 

Customer Service 

$8oo D IS P A T C H E R - S U P E R V I ­ 
SO R need some office exp, great co. Sarah 732-2191, 25o1 West Ave. 
Jobs 
North 
Inc. 
Personnel 
Consultants. 
Elect. Eng. for Utility Super, 5 yrs exp in Utilities, st* $16,5oo 
Century Placem ent Service 
I S3 W Century Bldg 349-1373 

E X E C U T IV E T R A IN E E , $9,66o 
Finance Degree, will be trained for executive managem ent, good benefits, 5 day. 
Bankers Em p. Svc.» 87oo Crown- hiH, 828-6123. 

Bilingual Secretary Needed ■ 
N eed e x p e rie n c e d b ilin g u a l 
(S p a n s ih - E n g lis h ) full or p a rt time secretary with excellent typ­ ing skills. M ust type 6o wpm a c­ c u ra te ly , neat, p re c ise , a n d efficient. S a la ry com m ensurate with ability and experience. Plush w o rkin g environ m e n t and new downtown office building. M a n y benefits. Please reply to: E xp re ss 
News Box No. 438o, 78297. Reply g u aran te e d 
Casualty and fire secretary, ex­ perienced, northside, coit 342-4988 
Mr. Whitaker 
Clinical Laboratory needs night 
I time typist. Must type 65 W P M at least. Call M s H ickey, 49o-122o between 8-5 Mon.-Fri. Equol Op- i portunlty Em ployer 

E X E C U T IV E T R A IN E E Merit 
Advancem ent rn fascinating field 
$8Mio call Betty Grant 732-2261 
S N E L L IN G A S N E L L IN G 
Em ploym ent Service, 96 GHI Rd. 
M A N A G E M E N T 
T R A I N E E , 
$9,66o d egree w ith 17 h o u rs of accounting, excellent future, paid benefits, S flay. 
B a n k e r * 
E m p . 
S v e ., 87oo 
C ro w n in g 828-6123._______________ 

E X E C . S E C R E T A R Y $75o 
Work for VP. Fantastic spot! 
Need now. Call Jon 828-6494 
N E W D A Y P E R S O N N E L 
Consultants 9o1 N E Loop 41o 
Exec. Secretary A + Co. $82$ 
Fee neg. Call Lynn 828-6494 
N E W D A Y P E R S O N N E L 
Consultant* W I N E Loop 41o 

I H I N U M B E R TO C A U 
IS 3 2 $ - 1 6 6 6 
E X P R E S S A N D N E W S 

E X E C S E C Y TO $8oo 
Fee pd tor legal typing 8o- 
1oo. Shore load, call 684-868o 
F IN N E Y A Assoc Personnel 
Cons, 5835 Callaghan No32s 
CAU 225-1666 

I 
SECRETARY ti 
Type 65-7o wpm 
Shorthand 8o wpm 
Must use transcriber 
Contact Mary Bell 
533-9156 
BEXAR COUNTY 
MENTAL HEALTH 
£ND MENTAL 
RETARDATION CENTER 

E X E C U T IV E S E C R E T A R Y $7oo, 
Secretary to Vice President, good benefits, and hours. 
Bankers Em p. SVC., 87oo Crown- hifl, 828-6123. 
... 
F E E F D S E C T Y : $7oo. Choice 
N S ofct 
B u iy exec, w anti outgoing personality! Coll Kitty, 341-2551 
S N E L L IN G A S N E L L IN G 
Em ploym ent Service 1o2 Rector 

Insurance Sec 
$7oo+ 
A n y in su ra n c e exp. get v a rie d duty sec position, including som e travel with fine stable agency. 
Banner Personnel Service Inc 
7o82 San Pedro 
826-9441 
IN S U R A N C E S E C R E T A R Y 
Full time for State F o rm Agent. 
.I Will train. 
Call 
435-16o3 or 
I 434-SS21. 
_______ __________ _____ 

SECRETARY 

Swearingen Aviation has an immediate re­ quirement for a highly skilled Secretary. Duties require excellent typist and shorthand, the ability to organize the administrative details of the dept, plus the ability to communicate ef­ fectively. 
The position provides stable employment, good starting salary and ex­ cellent fringe benefits. Interested applicants should apply in person, 
Personnel 
Office, 
Swearingen 
Aviation, 
International 
Airport, 
San Antonio, Tx. (come East on Bitters Road past Blossom Athletic Center, turn right at NE entrance road to Swearingen.) 

S W E A R IN G E N ! 
'/ rip */ C ?f '> W 'C ~ > f - t A T (ir s ! 

A Su b sid ia ry of Fairchild Industries 
Equal O pp ortunity Em ployer 

ACCOUNTING 
SECRETARY 
$192 W EEK 

US Home is expanding in San 
Antonio, lf you: 

1. Have 2 years experience, bookkeep­ ing or related field. 
2. Type 55 W PM ; IO key by touch 
3. Enjoy working in busy office 

You may qualify for a position as a division accounting secretary. 

Benefits include; company paid insurance, 
6 month performance review, 2 weeks paid vacation. Pay based on $ 3 .7 o an hour, guaranteed 4 8 hour work week (8-6 
M-S, 9-12 Sat). Time and half over 4o hours. 

61o - OFFICE & CLERICAL 

LOCKE EMPLOYMENT 

SERVICE 
826-9671 

TERMINAL OPERATOR 

Doto input machine, occ poy/rec 
$575 + 
P A YROLL CLERK 

Acc/pay, also receptionist 8 general office 
Grow with new firm, south 
S55o, fee nego 
GENERAL OFFICE 

Acc poy/rec., airport area, $515: 
SECTY/RECEPT/BKKG 

Notional compony, will troin, S475. 
GENERAL OFFICE 

Accurate type, IO key touch, S57o 
P ART TIME TYPIST 

& Generol office, $2.75 hr. 

S H R U M ! 

To Vice President, heavy public con tact, $6oo fee nego. 
ADMINISTRATIVE SECRETARY 

Listed On New York Stock Exchangei 
Call 349-8o57 Monday-Friday 8-6 

E q u a l O p p o r t u n ity E m p lo y e r 

Secretary-Receptionist 

Basic secretarial skills. Typing, filing, answer phone, short hand preferred 
Apply: 

Lower Level, W indsor Park Mall 

IO am to 5 pm, M onday thru Friday 
JOSKE’S OF TEXAS 

An Equal Opportunity Employer 

I 

Voried duties, P R. $6oo 
SECRETARY 

Oil and gas or legal background, salary open. 
AD M INISTRATION A ID 

Steno skills • speok Spanish helpful 
$635 
P o R T A M EDIC SPECIALIST* 

Schedules for Or s $55ox « m 
RECEPTIONIST 

9 Button phone, type accuPtlti*' $4So 
ASSISTANT BOOKKEEPER 

Know debit 8 credit, $52o, fee n*go 
SECRETARY-fEE PAID 

Speck Spanish, Generol Office. $6oo 
INSIDE ADJUSTER TRAINEE 

Speak Spanish, 2 years college, $515. fee poid. 
ASSISTANT BO O KKEEPER 

NCR posting machine, growth poten 

 rial, $525. 
OFFICE ASSISTANT 

Keep files, order supplies, supervise ? 
' to 3 people. Good benefits. $6oo, fee nego. 

LOCKE EMPLOYMENT 
SERVICE . 
826-9671 
2446 Ceegee St. 

GENERAL ACCOUTRING CHRK 
RE RAIO 
• 
IO $6oo 
This is o position with o well known National firm needed o person with o good bookkeeping background. Knowledge of Pro­ perty taxes a definite pius. Ability to do bonk reconciliation and handle deloil work, typing and answering phones. Shorp, quick learner. Coll now. 

INSURANCE PERSON PRIDAY 
EEE PAID 
TO $8 oo 
Northside 
Insurance 
Agency needs a qualified Personal lines rater, oho to issue policies, change of endorsements ond pro­ cess cancellations 
This agent needs a person Friday to run the office while he is out, someone that is dependable ond con han­ dle responsibility Plush Office. 

SECRETARY/BOOKKEEPER 
FEE PA ID 
$6 5o -7 oo 
Compony is moving to Northside location. Needs bookkeeper with some secretarial skills. 
Work background in construction, Real 

Estate or related fields o plus. 
Must know A/P ond Rec. payouts, ond posting to Generol ledger. 
Accountant on stoff will ossist, mus* 
Uunhill 
PERSONNEL SERVICE 
Suite 4b4. GPM South 
8 o o N W Loop4IO 
Sin Antonio. Texas 78? 16 * 
612349 1744 

A N otional Personnel Service 

L E G A L S E C R E T A R Y 
Salary com m ensurate with abili­ ty, coll 225-55oo, ask tor Linda 
Owens. 

I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
KLIAKUAIIUN L t N lt lj ^ j i 

L E G A L S E C R E T A R Y : No SH 
Opportunity in this N S firm 
565o coll Kathy Starnes 732-2261 
S N E L L IN G A S N E L L IN G 
Em ploym ent Service, 96 Gill Rd. 
LO A N SE C : 56oo 1 j fee pd. 
Plush ofc, public contact, great 
Benefits!! Jo Gunter, 341-2551 
S N E L L IN G 4 S N E L L IN G 
Em ploym ent Service 1o3 Rector 
CO AN S t C Y. $7oo + 
Personality and ability get this plush job, call 684-868o 
F IN N E Y A A ssoc Personnel 
Cons, 5835 Callaghan No325 
R E C E P T IO N IS T S E C R E T A R Y for beautiful n o rth sid e office. 
L ig h t ty p in g , no s h o rt h a n d required. Salary open depending on skills. Professional Executive 
Consultants, 
Call 
M r. 
Koren, 
73+2263. 
S A L E S S E C R E T A R Y $5oo 
P u b lic con tact ga lo re . R a is e s. 
Call M ike Metis, 657-1123 
Snelling & Snelling Em ploym ent 
Service 82o3 Rough Rider________ 
Se cre tarial typist, I g irl office, m u st typ e SO W P M . $5oo p e r m onth salary. B u sin e ss located near the International A irp ort. 
Call M on-Frl Sam-Spm. 342-9377. 

$45o Secre tary $6oo 
Beginner or Trainee! 
Basic skills. Need 4! North or S! 
Plush. Joyce Best 923-4369 Jobs 
South Placement Service 413 SW 
M ilitary 
S E C R E T A R Y $6oo 
Fee nego. Lots public contact 
Call Jan 828-6494 
N E W D A Y P E R S O N N E L 
Consultants 9o1 N E Loop 41o 

S E C R E T A R Y R E C E P T IO N IS T 
Som e co lle g e p lu s e x p e rie n c e preferred. T yp in g 4o w pm with accuracy. Affective offices locat­ ed near N E Loop 41o. Salary plus fringe benefits, coll 824-7487 for a p p o in tm e n t 
E q u a l O p p o r t u n it y 
E m p l o y e i 
S E C R E T A R Y $6oo 
Y our secretarial skills are 
Needed! Call 684-868o 
F IN N E Y & Assoc Personnel 
Cons, 5835 Callaghan No325 
S E C : Start $65o+ in educational 
Facility. Need P-R type personal­ ity. Call Lau ra Hill, 341-2551 
S N E L L IN G A S N E L L IN G 
Em ploym ent Service 1o2 Rector 

A C C T * R E C . - P A Y A B L E m u st have some exp-top pay-top co. $5 
R o sie 732 2191, 25o1 W est Ave. 
Jobs 
North 
Inc. 
Personnel 
C o n sulta n ts. 
_____________ 

AIRPORT DE8KS433 
Meet and greet public. Fun sndf. lite type. Uniform s furnished. 
Banner Personnel Service East 
85oo Village ot 41oE, 657-1212 

A N EW HO RIZON ? 
Enjoy the view ond the challenge of a busy day. 
Top secretarial skills are required os well as an dr- ganized approach to o var­ iety of duties. This friendly staff welcomes your team spirit. Call Frankie 828-3161 
I 
...................................... $ 6 5 o 
V IP P E R S O N N E L 
18oo N E Loop 41o, P la za W est 
Bldg , Suite 412 
BILIN G U A L 
R EC EP T IO N IST i Meet the public! $4$omo Gloria 
1824-o227 Job Placem ent* Em ploy- 
1 ment Service, 5316 Son Pedro 

$6oo TOP CAT! $7oo 
Shorp secty tor too In* firm -life book*-l)te type tra ve l be n e fit* inc!. Int exp helpful. Call now! 

61o - OFFICE I ClHUCAl 

A C C O U N T IN G C L E R K S6oo + 
N a tio n a l co m p a n y, p rom otion , benefit*, call 
Carol 
Kleiber 
657-1123 
Snelling A Snelling Em ploym ent 
Service 82o3 Rough Rider 
A C C O U N T IN G C L E R K : Ooty to 
Learn com puter system , advance 
$65o+ call Jullie M athis 733-2261 
S N E L L IN G & S N E L L IN G 
Em ploym ent Service, 96 Gill Rd. 

Bookit or Asti 
Nice Northside com pany n full ch arge and I trainee keeper. Will train sharp I with IO key 
Banner Personnel Se rvic 
7o82 Son Pedro 
824-»4«1 

A C C O U N T S 
P A Y A B L E 
R E C E IV A B L E 5S25. 9-5:3o. near 
41o, 5 day 
B a n k e r s 
E m p . 
S v c ., 
87oo 
Crownhill, 828-6123. 

Secretary for V P $6oo. Fee Poid 
Call Lynn now. 828-6494 
N E W D A Y P E R S O N N E L 
Consultants 9o1 N E Loop 41o 
S E C R E T A R Y $85o 
Profession, detail minded 
Call M a lva Black 657-1123 
Snelling A Snelling Em ploym ent 
Service 82o3 Rough Rider 

A C C T G C L E R K : L arge choin 
Seeks exp person looking tor 
Career, future, and advancem ent 
558o+ call G a la Connor 732-2261 
S N E L L IN G A S N E L L IN G 
Em ploym ent Service, 96 GIII Rd. 
Acct P-R Clerk, sts $5oo, Noside 
Century Placem ent Service 
153 W Century Bldg 349-1373 
A C C T S R E C C L E R K 
$5oo tor moth-minded. Fine no side co. call 684-868o 
F IN N E Y A A ssoc Personnel 
Cons, 5835 Colloghon No32l 
Pl ACI TOUR WANT AO 
IN THI EXPRESS 'N EW S 
CAU 225-1666 

IH I N U M t tia IU CAII." 
IS 3 2 5 - 1 6 6 6 
E X PR E S S A N O N E W S 

BO O KKEEPER $6oo F EE I 
Need sharp person 
Call Lynn 82o-6494 
NEW DAY PERSO N N EL 
Consultants 9o1 n e Loop 4io 

SSSO BOOKS 855o 
F E E PAID! Tax exp. helpful! 
SP EA R S Personnel Service 
2o7 Jockson-Keller 
828-129: 

CATCH A FALLING STAR 
Put it in your pocket and ii wiii jingie like money. A; receptionist- secretary, yoL will be on the threshold of c fantastic career with th* com pany known to grow their own executive secre tories and pay them well 
Professional appearance, good typing one 
1oo+shorthand are a must 
Call 
Sharon 
King, 
828-3161 
..................... $7oC 
V IP P E R S O N N E L 
18oo N E Loop 41o, Plaza Wesl 
Bldg , Suite 412. 

IN THE EX PR ESS N E W S 
C A U 3 3 5 - 1 6 6 6 

«*«+ ‘-MW hiMkr 
.wWbm-vreM i » a M f - 

EXPRESS-NEWS BONUS ADS 
TEXAS SIZE SAVINGS. 
• r n 

2 LINES 

1 o DAYS 

NO N COMMERCIAL! 
CAN CELLABLE 
W IT H O U T 
BATE C H A N G E 

2 
2 
5 
* 
* 
1 
o 
# 
# 
QUICK RESULTS! 

OFflCt t CURIO! 
CIO B r o t C la m 
61o CHICt 6 CUBICAl no BTO I M M I 
'61o QUIK 8 CURMI 

 t iVIV 
FIESTA WEEK GRAND OPENING 
□ 
NORTHWEST OFFICE 
PERSONNEL SERVICE 
APRIL I 8-22 

O p e n til 6 : o o p .m . T u g ., W e d . , T h o r *, f o r y o u r c o n v e n ie n c e 

• C a r e e r P l a n n in g D a i ly I 2 : o o - 1 2 : 3 o & 5 : 3 o - 6 : o o 
• D o o r p r iz e 
$ 5 o h o u s e p la n t to b e a w a r d e d F r id a y . Y o u d o n 't h o v e to b e p r e s e n t to w in . 
• C o m p l im e n t a r y g ift t o e a c h n e w a p p lic a n t 
• O p p o r t u n i t y b u lle t in s lis t in g c u r r e n t o p e n i n g s a r e a v a i l a b l e to all. 
— PLEASE CALL FOR AN APPOINTMENT — 

PUBLIC CONTACT YOUR THING? 
BINGO! 
Put your number in the hat ond with this prim. Top oil toniern with rith benefits will offer o 
(home to achieve thorn career goals. Top man needs proficient secretory with personality fee 
P aid........................ 57 SO 

DAISIES WON T TEH 
Until you secure this top office 
T mnnoger position. Small ex- 
Elusive Mot! awaits the 
Toke charge' individual able to run the show 
Secretarial ond bookkeeping requested.. Open 

CURRENT MARKET VALUE look ot your accomplishments ond bookkeeping expertise and impress this CPA firm with desire to take core ol their prestige clients. Let them decide what you ore worth 
$7oo + 

CLIENT SATISFACTION 
And performance will put you way ahead with this busy in­ vestor ond properly manager. 
Complete chorqe of this tost moving office and client rein tinns will be your specialty................... S75o 

OLD WORLD CHARM 
President of northside concern will leon and depend on you for top negotiations with Mexico A fun filled day ol general office duties ond PP world... 565o 

CORPORATION EXCITEMENT 
Will tempt you into considering this northwest compony. Shote in planning ond tho exciting end of making a business grow . marketing ond ad veitising 
Excellent compony benefits ond profits will be shot ed with their permanent staff- 
$65o 

Call M aggie Shearer mo- 

PIPE DREAMS 
Tbi smoll, but growing, oil con cern is seeking the secretary with oil ond gas background, tx 
(client skills ore required and oprofessionol poise ond super personolity ore desired A very congenial boss ond easy going staff moke working a pleasure fee Paid..................... $75o. 
LOOKING GOOD 
You've head two heads are bet ter than one — our client thinks so too! Your bookkeeping ex­ perience plus secretarial skills will impress this bors im mensely lf you orc seeking o permanent coreef, lotcb on to this one. F.ee.Paid.... $7oo + 
THAT S SHOW BIZ 
Star appearance ond top notch skills will put you in the spotlight working for this well respected firm Not only will you be on the front desk represen ting the compony, but you will be the assistant to a busy boss-................ $7oo 
DEALERS CHOICE 
You con cosh in your (hips for the red thing if you hold four aces: auto, fire, homeowner & casualty experience. Accurate typing will give you o royol flush* Super nortnstde attires ond o great boss- 
$8oo 
THE THINK TANK 
Your bookkeeping skills plus obility to handle roiporote, poyroll ond withholding fox will fond this prestigious position. 
With such o variety of duties, boredom will never haunt you. A lovorite client and fantastic career owoit your oirivol. fee 
Paid.......................... $65o 
OO IT YOUR WAY 
This executive secretarial posi 
(ion requires excellent skills 
This well known, prestigious firm bos people knocking down the doors to fill this position, but you have the inside (rock thru us. Good working experience o must. Excellent benefits ond congenial stofl ore on extra plus............................$78o 
Coll Barbara Rinehart 

Your bookkeeping experience, secrefariol skills ond "people oriented personality will be most valuable to this busy developer Beautiful northwest offices, fee negotiable.. 
$75o 

TOP PRODUCER 

Be "on top' of the marketplace in this exciting secretarial spot. 
Accurate typing ond a smiling phone voice will really impress this boss. 
........ >55o 

STOCK UP! 

 fxcellent benefits owmt the secretory to 4 busy executives in o well known firm. You ll never be bored working with your bosses ond learning a dynamic busioess. Lea Paid 
$65o 

SKYLINE VIEW 

Put yourself blah above downtown hustle witn your top­ flight skills and polished ap­ pearance Our well known client needs that extra sparkle to present on appropriate company image. Zee .negotiable. • ■ >7oo 

Your dynomir digits will be handsomely reworded hy our very busy client A fascinating coreer, plus excellent compony benefits con be yours. 
In­ vestigate this opportunity fee 
Paid....................... $7oo + 

APRIL SHOWERS MAY BE HERE 

But nobody will coin on your porode once you move into this executive secretory spot! Our client seeks excellent skills and an outqaiog personality.. 575o 

Call Denise Reasonovet 

SFCRFTARY 
Real fstate borkground, NW, fee nog...................... 
S4So 
EXFCUTIVt SfCRLURY legal 
Background, no shorthand, good benes. 
$65o 
IXfCUTIVE SFCRTTARY 
Mature, type 5o shorthand 7o.............. 
$65o 
STAT TYPIST 
Experience required, no shorthand,................. 
$525 
MEDICAL RECEPTIONIST 
NW office, experiente in scheduling surgery...... . >55o 
ECON o RESOURCES 
42o2 Gardendale 
Suite 1o7 
4 A full service placement agency ' 
6 9 9 - 1 o 1 5 

Son Antonio E X P R E S S -N E W S — 
Sunday April 17, 1 9 7 7 

Secretaries 
Secretaries 

Secretaries 

Temporary Assignment* ore crying for your skiffs, tong and Short form - full ond parttime. 

NOT AN AGENCY— NCVfA A *f| 

C A U O R CO/we IN 
Kelly Girl” 

A D IV IS IO N O f K IL L Y SCC V I C I * 

4 6 o 6 C e n t e r v ie w D r. 
S u it e 1 5 4 
7 3 6 - 2 4 5 5 

, f q u a l O p p o rtu n ity Im p lo y r r 

I O F F IC E 
C L E R K 
Outgoing, sharp 
Act os receptionist in busy ofc 
155o Colt K a y D avis 732-22*1 
S N E L L IN G & S N E L L IN G 
E mploym ent Service, 96 Gill Rd. 
O F F IC E C L E R K 15*o 
Bilingual, lite type, simple math 
[Call Pickle 349 354t 
S H A R P E Personnel Service 
4332 Sovereign Dr..Suite 14o 
O F F IC E 
R E C E P T I O N I S T 
S E C R E T A R Y for professional of- 
! rice, 4o h o u r w e e k. M o n d a y - 
1 Friday, all fringe benefits, m ust i hove a few years of college with so m e b e h a v io r a l S c ie n c e o n d i ability to deal re a ssu rin gly with i public. Reply in confidence to the 
Exp ress New s B ox No. 4528, 78197 
O F F IC E T R A IN E E 
1425-145o h ig h sch o o l p ro d lite type 924-4481 United Personnel 
Consultants A46-C S w 
M ilitary 
I Or. 
P M NORTH 
Meet, greet, lite type 
1233 SW M ilitary 922 2711 Job 
| Experts Inc. Placem ent Service 

Page I 9-C 

612 MEDICAL 
_ 612 MEDICAL 
612 MEDICAL 
6)2 MEDICAL 

GENERAL OFFICE!! 56oo!' Will Train 
As Needed!! Busy Office! lite Type! fun Spot! 

SECRETARY TO PRESIDENT! To S8oo" 
An Excellent Opp For Ambitious 
Person! Benes!! 

ACCOUNTS SECRETARY!! S5oo Up!! 
Front Oesk Spot!! Meet ond Greet 
The Public!! 

RFCEPTIONIST $5oo Plus An Ex cedent Office!! Fun Spot!! Work 
With People!!1 

AIRPORT SPOT!! $1oo!! Meet ond 
Greet People'! Fun! 

 xii New 474 9SS4 1 931 HI 41o 
ALLIANCE Personnel Service 

ASSISTANT N 
BOOKKEEPER 

Advertising 
Agency 
♦ 
Downtown. 
Excellent 

Opportunities 
* many compony benefits. 
Call Mrs. Germer 
227-3454 

□ PERSONNEL SERVICE 

7 3 2 - 8 1 4 1 
1st NATIONAL BANK BLDG. 
6243 LH. IO - SUITE 455 

FLY ME! 
$433 
Fun job at airport M eet and greet people. lite type. uniform s furnished. 
Banner Personnel Service Inc 
7o82 Son Pedro 
824 9441 r 
LOCKE 
EMPLOYMENT 
SERVICE 
C A IL V IC S A L IN ! 
8 2 6 - 9 6 7 1 

ASS T SALES REP. 

This Pr Service position is part­ time permanent employment. 
Goys orc T W T. from 8 to 5 S/S wk + expenses 

SALES REP. 

Degreed individual with outside 
‘oles experience, preferably in advertising, to travel S A arco 
SIOK + incentive ~ expenses 

SALES REP. 

Whsle retail exponents necessaiy. plus mgmt super visoty boikground Stable work 
'erord 
Relocate in 6 months. 
SI?K + cai + expenses. Fee paid 

SALES REP. 
(IN & OUT) 

Male or female for either outside or inside soles. Requires exp 

\ im lense in lumber, millwork, or c+tobihets To 59K+ tor + ex 

 peases + comm. 

 x 
SALES REP. 

Requires retail clothing ex permute. Will travel S A. 8 sue rdortding area. To S/.2K draw + 

■ (peases + fee remib 
78 6-9671 
2446 Ceegee St. 

THINK 
SUMMER 

New think about oil the extra ex 
I penras of vocations. We con help solve your probfoms by earning 

 extra money with Norrrll Tem­ porary Service Work a few days, weeks, or months. 

TYPISTS 
GENERAL OFFICE 
SHORTHAND 
DICTAPHONE 
FILE CLERKS 
1o-KEY 

One year cleiicnl experience is oil that is required. You can enjoy bonuses, paid vocations and Instont 
Pay. 
CALI HEUN AT 828-25o6 

FOR AN APPOINTMENT 
— N O FEE EVER— 

 y / n n r r n f f t e m p o r a r y 

I S \ m r r i r o A . m r . 
IIM K L COOR 418 U S - U M 

I 
J O 
B S rn 

 m 
R e c e p tio n is t-$ 5 o o . ■ 
■ 
Type 3 o W P M , find b j^ y p h o n e * 9 
B f Personable. G o o d benefits. 
| j 
I U 
O u tg o in g -$ 5 5 o l f 

S S fJo typing required for n ation al to. 

H K IO ke y touch or sight. Talkin g to H E 
■ clients c onstan tly on p hon e 
I * 
H 
™ ceile*# benefits including dental. H 
I 

Raises 
■ 
T r a in e e -$ 4 5 o 
I 

N o typing. W o rk exp. helpful but H 
S not mandototy 37 Hr vvofk 'week. Hi 
All benefits and chance for ad- B va m e . g j 
I 
Recp’t T r a in e e -$ 4 7 5 rn 
Larcy- compony nprdc ihorp p n r . o n ^ B 
J « to train to anc phono. N o typing. j W 

I lf Y O U D O N O T W A N t B 
{J P E R M A N E N T , W H Y N O T S 
■ W O R K 
T E M P O R A R Y ? ® 

 u FLEXIBLE 
A S S I G N M E N T S ^ i 
I a v a il a b l e a t a h i g h ! 
S 

' 
RATE O f P A Y F O R N O 5 
FEE A N Y SK IL L S 
|| 
I le ak M a s t e r s ! jjJJJ tMPLOTMfMT SFIVHl lei 
■ 4438 C«fltervt#w Dr 7 31 Oft I 6 jfS| 
I m iii- — 
U 
M 
■ 

GENERALLY SPEAKING 
There will be a variety of duties to till your day with this Northside firm. Type 5o 
W PM, have a TO key touch, use a dictaphone and the job is yours. Prefer High School 
Bookkeeping course. Fee 
Paid. 
Call 
Joyce, 
828-3161 
$75o 
V IP P E R S O N N E L 
18oo N E I.oop 41o. P la ta W est 
Bldg., Suite 412 
G E N E R A L O F F IC E : Excellent 
Training spot for beginner. NS 
5475 coll Barb Kendrick 732-2241 
S N E L L IN G 4 S N E L L IN G 
Em ploym ent Service, 94 Gill Rd. 
G E N E R A L O F F IC E 54oo + 
Fee nego (or exp with group life ins. Coll Ethel 349-3541 
S H A R P E Personnel Service 
4322 Sovereign Dr..Suite 14o 
G E N O F F IC E : Fee reim bursed. 
Professionals. Recept, duties too. 
555o Call Linda Black, 341-2551 
S N E L L IN G 6 S N E L L IN G 
Em ploym ent Service IO? Rector 
G E N O F F IC E : Fee re im bursed. 
Good phone voice, office know ­ how. $5oo Cathy Crain, 341-2551 
S N E L L IN G A S N E L L IN G 
Em ploym ent Service 1o2 Rector 

PERSONNEL CLK. ins. w orkm ans comp, payroll 
1213 SW M ilitary 922 2711 Job 
Experts Inc. Placem ent Ser vice 
P E R S O N N E L 
C L E R K : 
Work with 
Public, train on mini com puter 
5575 call Kathy Starnes 732-2261 
S N E L L IN G A S N E L L IN G 
E mployment Service, 96 Gill R d . 
P R O O F M A C H IN E O P E R A T O R , day shift, m inim um one year ex­ perience on N C R 77$ model HOO or any IO proof m achine by touch, storting sa la ry co m m e n su rate with ability and experience. E x ­ cellent fringe benefits. Call P e r­ sonnel Officer, Bexar County N o­ tional B an k , 227-3292, ext. 234. 
Equal Opportunity Em ployer 
R E C E P T : $55o. Cc pays tee tor 
Pretty smile, friendly inaner. 
Type some. Kitty Kirk, 341-2551 
S N E L L IN G A S N E L L IN G 
Em ploym ent Service 1o2 Rector 
$45o Receptionist $5oo 
Good phone voice-lite typc-Notl 
Co Joyce B e st 923-4369 jo b s 
South Placem ent Service 413 SW 
Military 
R E C E P T IO N IS T $45o 
P lu sh attice, y o u n g b oss, A A A company. 
Coll 
Terri 
Todd, 
457 1123 
Snelling A Snelling Em ploym ent 
Service 82o3 Rough Rider 
R F C E P T IO N IS T 
Sec Learn oil, 
Legal with N S atty, who will train. $45o Jo Gunter, 341-2551 
S N E L L IN G & S N E L L IN G 
Em ploym ent Service 1o2 Rector 
R E C E P T IO N IS T For night owl! 
Start your day 1o-3o am. Start your pay $5oo M s. Hill, 341-2551 
S N E L L IN G A S N E L L IN G 
Em ploym ent Service 1o2 Rector 

R.N.’s - R.N.’s - R.N.’s 
“MAKE A WISE DECISION ’ 

M .D. 
A N D E R S O N 
H O SPITAL 
A N D 
T U M O R 
INSTITUTE, 
H O U S T O N , TEXAS, is adding a new 3 o o bed facility! W e need nurses with clinical and administrative experience as well as new graduates. This is an exceptional opportunity for pro­ fessional growth and advancement in the field of O ncology 
Nursing. 

W e invite your consideration to make Houston your new home town. To all qualified candidates we can provide the Following benefits and aids: 

• A top competitive salary. 

• Good fringe benefits. 

• Educational Opportunities — 

• Minimum 3 weeks paid orientation 

• In-Service Education 

• Bachelor's & Advanced Programs Available in (enter 

• Reimbursed transportation cost to Houston. 

• Sunny warm Temperatures. 

• Interest-free loan assistance to aid in relocation efforts. 

• Three weeks vacation per year. 

• Paid sick leave program. 

• Cultural, Social, and Recreational opportunities 

• Excellent Advancement Opportunity 

• New Triangular Nursing Unit Concept 

• Enjoy your days off at nearby Gulf Coost Beaches. 

“YOUR FUTURE SS IN OUR H ANDS” 
For further inform ation, contact: 

Nurse Recruiter, Personnel Department 
The University of Texas System Cancer Center 
M.D. Anderson Hospital and Tumor Institute 
Houston, Texas 77o3o 

Ar? iq u o l O p p o rt u n it y / A H irm a tiv ® A c tio n E m p lo y e r 

LUTHERAN 
GENERAL 
HOSPITAL 

7 o 1 S. Z a r z a m o r a 
Has immediate need for 
REGISTERED NURSES 
ICU-Recovery Room -O perating Room- 
Pediatrics-Medical Surgical. licensed Vocational Nurse 
(ORT) 
Professional growth, plus facility e x ­ pansion is requiring us to increase our 
Nursing 
Staff, lf you want job challenge and satisfaction, call 

P e r s o n n e l, 4 3 4 - 5 2 5 2 
For a convenient appointm ent tim e 

An Equal O pportunity Employer 

R E C E P T IO N IS T : Enlov meeting 
People in law yers ofc., good typ ist! 
555o call Jo Singleton 7S2-B241 
S N E L L IN G A S N E L L IN G 
E mployment Service, 94 Gill Rd. 
R E C E P T IO N IS T : Front desk 
Spot, definite public contact 
545o call K a y D a vis 732-2261 
S N E L L IN G A S N E L L IN G 
E mployment Service, 96 GHI Rd. 
R E C E P T IO N IS T Prestigious spot 545o Call Lynn 828-4494 
N E W D A Y P E R S O N N E L 
Consultants 9o1 N E Loop 41o j 
RECEPTIONIST $45o+ 
Plushest office In town! Just type 
45+ file, etc-be a self starter for great boss 

I 

R E C P T C L K T Y P IS T 
Greet custom er+handle various ofc duties, excellent benefits 
552o+ call G ala Connor 732-2261 
S N E L L IN G A S N E L L IN G 
Em ploym ent Service, 96 Gill Rd. 
RESERVATIONS 
$45o 
Work al airport escorting people and m aking reservations. Fun tab for outgoing person. 
Banner Personnel Service Inc 
7o82 San Pedro 
824 9441 

ASSOCIATE 
H 
TEACHING 
DIETITIAN 
A rholfenging opportunity with one of Tubas’ leading hospitals awaits a qualified dietetic instructor. 
Appli­ cant must hold o master's degree in nutrition and hove 
1-3 years teething experiente. 
Must be a registered dietitian, mem­ ber of ADA. We offer a superior working envi­ ronment plus excellent salary and benefits pro­ gram, Send resume to: Pre­ employment. 

Saint Francis 
Hospital 
6161 S. Yale 
Tulsa, OK 74136 equot opportunity employer 
^ 
I UISU, V I* / f i d 
Iii equal opportunity f mple 

I M 
W 
— 
— 
H I 

G R O U N D bstewardess 
P e rso n a b le attractive, need 2 
924-4481 United P e rso n n e l C o n ­ sultants 46+C S.W. M ilitary Dr 

I 
FEE PAID 

; 
Secretory $55o 

I N o t I com pany needs 
J outgoing individual to a handle responsible pcsi- 
I hon and m ake decisions. 
I Type 
5 o 
W P M . 
Prefer 
| go o d work background. 
■ All benefits and excellent 
I raises F it P A ID 

I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
General Office $52o 
£ 

 large. 
N o t I com pany me needs sharp person w ho I 
;(.gn work closely with m people and work at Own I pace. G re a t opportunity h 
(or som eone to advance I and learn. 
Benefits, m raises and advance- I me rd s. F E I P A ID 
- 

STENO $563 
{ 

,^ 7 *h r. 
S H 7 o and 

NOTICE TO 
JO B A P P LIC A N T S 
Advertisements in these columns are accepted on the premise that lobs offered will be filed on the oasis of merit without discrimino lion because of sex unless the iob is o 
Bonolide occupational qualification. 
EM PLO YM EN T 
AG EN CIES 
The San Antonip Private Employ menf Assoriotion has o rigid Code of Ethics to which oil its private employment agency membeis subscribe. For information about private employment agencies, or action on complaints, roll 224 
78o2 at the 
Belier 
Business 
Buieou. 

TEMPORARY JOBS 

By the day, week or month. 
★ KEYPUNCH OPERS. 

Previous Experience it SECRETARIES 

 w / Shorth and or dictaphone. 
★ TYPISTS 

CALI PEGGY, 732-9765 

V 
M 
M 
* 
- 
1 

Q u a l it y T e m p o r a r y 
H e lp S e r v ic e 
96 Gill Rd. 
Suite 25o 

HOWTO LANO THIS ONE 
Your background in oil and gas or legal is very much in demand from this Adm inis­ trative Assistant. You’ll be involved with ail phases of this well known firm. Ben­ efits are excellent and the staff cordial, so what are you waiting for! Fee Negotiable. 
Coll Joyce 828-3161 .. ,$65o 

18ooV IP P E R S O N N E L 
o NE- Loop 41o, P la za W 
Bldg., Suite 412 
W est 

 lf you dave prior m ilitary service and have not completed 2o years of service ond can do so before age 4o and can quality, call 
221-5331 
_____________________ 

I N S U R A N C E RATIfe: Fee yrj 
Expertise personal lines 
575o call Barb Kendrick 732-2261 
S N E L L IN G A S N E L L IN G 
Em ploym ent Service, 96 Gill Rd. 

BOOKKEEPER 
M ature person 
Accounts receivable, 
M c Bee system, must type, som e 
Saturd ay v oik, majO( com pany benefits. 
A p p l y 
GETZ 
EXTERMINATORS 
122 B West Rhapsody 

SECRETARIES/ 
TYPISTS 
We need top performers for tem­ porary work all around the town. 
Good pay for good skills and a benefit package See how a steady flow of short term assignments fits your lifestyle. Apply today. 
MANPOWER t e m p o r a r y s e r v i c e s 

63o Broadway 
224-9251 
Iqual Opportunity Employer 

 yr. exp. Fee 
,type 6o. 
I reimbursed. 

Assi. Bkkp $5oo + 

F tt R E IM B U R S E D ! 
I yr. of 
A R ond 
A P . 
Light 

 ty p e . 
Task Mealier si 
IMPtOTMINT SftVICt 
H 
44)8 CtnftrvtBw D<- 7JJQ616 
^ 

AUTOMOTIVE 
BOOKKEEPER 

'M u st be experienced! 
^ brough financial state­ ment preparation. 
ALAMO TOYOTA 
828-o723 
Ask for Guy Hess 

I 
---- 
C o7 A P U T E R O P E R A T O R S65o, 5 pm-midnlght, aood benefits. 
Bankers E m p SVC., 87oo Crown- hill, 828-4123.______________________ 
(Contractors equipment and sup- 
, p ly h o u s e h a s o p e n in g fo r bookkeeper- office m anager, call tor appt. 734-5394._________________ 
Credit Clerk bilingual, som e col­ lection experience, filing typing, tO-key a d d in g m achine. P ro fit sharing, paid vacation and good w o rkin g conditions. P h on e Bill 
Bickley for appt 341-1oo1. Equal j OppoiTunity Em ployer. 
Dow ntow n office, free p a rk in g , n e e d in g s e c r e ta r y w ith d ic t a ­ phone experien ce. G ood typ ist and responsible person. Send re­ sum e to P O Box 12442, Sa n A n ­ tonio, 78212 

54oo C L E R I C A L B e g in n e r s a place to start your career. Cindy 
73? 2191, 2So1 W est A ve. Jo b s 
N orth Inc. Personnel Consultants. I 
C L E R IC A L : 5525 fee poid. Flex- ' ible hrs, congenial boss, class itied arca. Linda Black, 34 1 2551 I 
S N E L L IN G A S N E L L IN G 
Em ploym ent Service 1o2 Rector 

 r 
CIERK-COURIER 
V a r ie d d u tie s in Sa n A n to n io , laboratory to do some typing and m ake pickups in oreo clinics and : 
Hospitals We are well established division of m otor company, lf in- te re ste d , se n d re su m e lo E x - I press New s Box 4384, San Anton- i to, TX 78297 ______________________ 
Clerk Typist for Top Co 555o. Fee 
Poid Call Lynn 828 6494 
N E W D A Y P E R S O N N E L 
Consultants 9o1 N E Loop 41o j 
15 2 2 5 - 1 6 6 6 
I X P B I S S A N O N I W S 
* 

DR NEEDS HELP 
$55o 
I H elp b u sy D r. w ith yo u r good typing and friendly personality. 
; A ns phones m ake app'ts 
Banner Personnel Service East 
85oo Village at 4IoE 657 1212 
Op’s Recut 
SS5o+ 
N o rth sid e Dr. b u sy a n d n eed s 
I sharp and unflappable person to im a k e a p p t'*, a n s phon e, type normal. Great hrs! 
Banner Personnel Service Inc 
7o82 San Pedro__________ 824-9441 
D R U G C L E R K , must be healthy, a p p ly in p e rso n , T h u r s d a y . 
F rid a y and M onday after 6 pm 
No phone calls Star D ru g Store. 
125o Highland Blvd. _____________ 

Employment Counselor 
Need experienced C ounselor to m anage agency or will tram peo­ ple-oriented person with business background E a rn 58oo+ month 
Iv, helping people 
Banner Personnel Service East 
85oo Village at 41oE, 657-1212 
E M P L O Y M E N T C O U N S E L O R 
Enter a fascinating and profitable field No Fee Call 684-868o 
F IN N E Y A Assoc Personnel 
Cons, 5835 Callaghan No325 

TH I A C T IO N N U M B f B 
I O k I AST i n s u l t s 

 p i a c I r o u e w a n t A O 
IN TH I I X P R IS S N I W 5 
CA II 225 1666 

T a k e a F r e s h l o o k a t t h e 
T e m p o ra ry Scene 
• long ond short term 
• A good location 
• Regular Rat Mn 
• fvatd Vacations 
Se cre ta rie s 
Typ ists 
C le rk s 
Stet T yp ists 
Ste n o s 
M a g C a rd 

NOT AN AGENCY NEVER A Hi 

C A U O R C O M E IN 
Kelly Girl’ 

A D IV IS IO N OU KELLY S E R V IC E S ' 

4 6 o 6 C e n t e r v ie w D r. 
S u it e I 5 4 
7 3 6 - J 4 5 5 

. Equal O p p o rtu n ity E m p lo y e r . 

E S T A B L IS H E D m a n u fa c tu rin g com pany needs versatile and ef­ ficient typist tor generol office 
I which Includes: Telephone soles and p ro ce ssin g of sales orders. 
Solarv com m ensurate with ability and experience. Contact Joanne 
Riley, 432-7895, 8 to 5. 
Equal Opportunity em ployer 
E X E C R E C E P T IO N IS T : handle 
Front desk in plush nside ofc 
555o+ call Julie M athis 732-2261 
S N E L L IN G A S N E L L IN G 
E mploym ent Service, 94 GIII Rd. 
58oo E x e c S e c re ta ry 58oo lite tvp e -m e e t the p u b lic D o n n a 
732-2191, 25o1 W est A v e 
Jo b s 
North Inc. Personnel Consultants. 
E X P E R I E N C E D 
B O O K E 
K E E P E R C a p a b le of p a y ro lls, lo u rn a ls, g e n e ra l le d ge r, a n d tohovex reports. M ust a m m im un 
- of 5 yrs. experience with full set of 
■ b o o k s 
A ttra c tiv e s a la r y a n d m o n y c o m p a n y b e n e fits, lf qualified, contact B.K. Daw kins, 
{ M ortgage B a n ke rs Corp. 422 P e ­ troleum Com m erce Bldg , 2o1 N. 
St M a ry s. 225-2858_______________ 

INVENTORY CONTROL 
Perpetual cord system 
1233 SW M ilitary 922-2711 Job 
E xse rts Inc. Placem ent Service 
L A C K L A N D A R E A - P a r t tim e office help automobile insurance office Interesting work requiring considerable Intelligence. F le x i­ ble hours. Please apply in person. 
G E IC O In su ra n ce Co 54o6 M ili- tary Dr. West_____________________ 

L E G A L IN T E R E S T ? 
A prestigious firm, excellent benefits, p rivate office, beautiful surroundings are just a few of the reasons for considering this legal secre­ taria l spot. 
T h is firm provides the most modern equipment, a professional staff and a happy future. 
Fee paid. 
Call 
Frankie, 
828-3161 
..............................$65o 
V IP P E R S O N N E L 
18oo N E Loop 41o, P la z a W est 
Bldg., Suite 412 
M A T U R E , E X P E R IE N C E D 
B O O K K E E P E R - T Y P IS T far sm all organization downtown 
Double entry hand bookkeeping for ranching, oil and g a s opera tor. 227 312o 
M E S S E N G E R 555o 
Good odv., exc. benet., natl co. immed. opening, call Terri Todd, 
657-1123 
Snelling A Snelling Em p loym ent 
Service 82o3 Rough Rider 

MOTEL OESK CLERK 
M u st be able to meet public, be neat In a p p e a ra n ce , p a rt tim e w ork. A p p ly in p e rso n on ly IO am-4 pm, no phene calls, 9735 In ­ terslate 35 North. 
CONTINENTAL INN 
Need local college student book keep er, p a rtim e , no sm o k in g , good pay, F IS H E R 'S , 145o N E 
Coop 41o. 

NEVER A DULL DAV 
Our client requests excellent secretarial skills and image, please, for this outstanding opportunity. D yn a m ic oil related com pany needs a super star secretary. Enjoy lovely offices, benefits, and super co-w orke rs. 
Call 
Frankie, 828-3161 ....... $65o 
V IP P E R S O N N E L 
18oo N E Loop 41o, P la z a W est 
Bldg. Suite 412 

RICH 6 ASSOCIATES 
E M P L O Y M E N T S E R V IC E 
Gen. offiee-Fee pd................ *54o 
Recept bilingual’Fee pd. 
... 545o 
Key punch, IB M exp............ 555o 
Bank trainee ......................*425 
M usic instructor 
............. open 
Dental assistant ................. *475 
Accounts poyoble-rec.......... 
$5o 
Service clerk ......................$45o 
Beginner secretary 
............*55o 
Bookkeeper ...................... 565o 
Production packer ............. 14oo 
W arehouse ...................... open 
Rich & Associates 
Em ploym ent Service 
684oA San Pedro 826 o66' 
SE C R E C E P T Start $6oo Prom inent, prosperous NW co. Autom a­ tic raises. Cathy Cram , 341-2551 
S N E L L IN G A S N E L L IN G 
Em ploym ent Service 1o2 Rector 

SECRETARY 

BOOKKEEPER 

SYSTEM 
ANALYST 
PROGRAMMER 
• Minimum of 2 veari experience in 4NS-COBoL 
• ALC language helpful 
• DOS/VS, CIO/VS developing medkol-ariented dote rommunkotions system. 
• Excellent working conditions, ond fringe benefits. 
Send resume or apply in person to: 
SANTA ROSA MEDICAL CENTER 
Personnel Office 
519 W. Houston St. 
228-2343 
(qual Opportunity Employer 

VICE-PRESIDENT— PATIENT CARE 

Specialized IOO bed acute care hospital in Corpus Christi is seeking a qualified VP for potienl care. Individual will report directly to the CEO and must have responsibility for over 3oo em ployees in Nursing Services, Ancillary 
Department, Em ergency Room s and Out-Patient clinics. 
Special 
Grout 
Funded 
Clinic 
Operation, 
Dietary 
Department, and Social Work. 

Candidate should have m inim um of Bachelors Degree in 
Business Administration or Health Care Administration with 5 years generol hospital m anagem ent experience. 

Experience should include Supervision of Nursing Person­ nel and Medical Technicians, establishing, operating policies and procedures, Budgets ond controls, familiar with Government regulations, general personnel e x­ perience, and ability to relate to and communicate with 
Physicians. 

Salary to $25,ooo Reasonable relocation expenses will 

 be paid. 

 lf you hove the required skills ond experience send resume to: 
EXPRESS AND NEWS 
Box No. 4377 
San Antonio 7 8 29 6 

E q u al O p p o r tu n ity E m p lo y e r 

I 

VILLA ROSA HOSPITAL 

Has immediate vacancies in the following positions: 
IV N S- 3-11,11-7 
MEDICAL TRANSCRIBER • Shift I 
DIRECTOR OF NURSING SERVICE - 
Master s Degree in Nursing Desired 
★ Excellent working conditions 
★ Fringe Benefits 
Apply in Person Personnel Office 
5115 Medical Dr. 
228-2634 

Equal Opportunity Employer 

NURSING OPPORTUNITIES 
7-3 3-1 1 1 1 - 7 SHIFTS 
P N S and IV N ". no(>di'<i for rm'dit al end surgical (lo->rs. in tensive care, coronary care, em ergency room , labor o n d I delivery, and the recovery room 
H e a d nurse and I supervisory positions available soon 
A lso registered registry eligible m e d ia l technologist needed <■-r th- 
3 It shift Plus registered or registry eligible rad iology t» hr- tar.-.I fai th- 3 t I ‘ hilt A n d a registered P H A R M A C IS T lo, (he J l l shift 
Com petitive salary and fungi l„>;-,e*.»-, 
A pply lr,I 
(he Personnel Otti< 1 , 
19th and Hickory 
Aln!,-rn , TX| 
7 9 6 o 1 or call 
(915) 6 7 7 -3 5 5 1 . Ext. 5oo 

H 
E N 
D 
R I C 
K M 
E M 
O 
R 
I A 
L H 
O 
S P I T A L ! 
Abilene, Texas 
Equal O p p ortu n ity Em p loy er 

Goad typing skills, 1o-key adding machine and bookkeeping exper­ ie n c e r e q u ire d s h o rt h a n d p re fe rre d but not n e c e ss a ry . 
Good co m p an y benefits, by a p ­ pointment only. Gale Real Estate. 
49+5237. 
S E C R E T A R Y , General office, fee reim b ursed E c o n -o R e sources, 
42o4 Gardendale, 699-1o15. 
52.3o S E R V IC E 52 7SHr 
Lite Type! Good phone voice I Will train on Com puter! 5 days, 9-s. 
Need t Dave C risp 923-4348 Jobs 
South Placem ent Service 413 SW 
Military 
STOP, LOOK AND LISTEN 
Opportunities like this don’t come along often. The well known president of tins SA business wants some assis­ tance with his operation. I 
Good skills ond touch off class will put you there. Fee paid. 
Call 
Sharon 
King, - 
828-3161 
........................ $75o 
V IP P E R S O N N E L 
18oo N E Lo o p 41o, P la za W est I 
Bldg., Suite 412. 
_________ 

X-RAY 

Registered Technogolist 

1o7 Bed General Hospital 
3o 
Minutes from Houston. Excellent 
Salary, Benefits and Coll Poy. 
Contort: 
MEDICAL CENTER 
HOSPITAL 
P.O. BOX 1538 
CONROE, TEXAS 773o1 
713— 539-1111 
Ext. 168-169 
($unl Oppoflumty Implorer 

T E L L E R T R A IN E E 
T ypo 35-45 need now. 924-4481 
U nited P e rso n n e l C o n su lta n ts 
446-C S.W. M ilitary Dr. 
Hie Best io Banking 
Could be yours with this po­ sition O S supervisor of NIB bookkeeping department. 
You must have 3-5 years bank bookkeeping, and su p e rv iso ry experience. 
Beautiful offices and a loca­ tion that is accessible from anywhere. Fee Paid. Coll 
Joyce, 828-3161 ..........$8oo 
V IP P E R S O N N E L 
18oo N E Loop 4io, P la z a w e st 
Bldg., Suite 412 

R N ’s-LV N ’s 
Join th * N a tio n '* L a rge st p ro v id e r o f sta ff re lief a n d 
H om e h e a lth care se rvic e * 

For Westside Pharm acy. M ust be bilingual. 4o hour week 
H o sp i­ ta liz a tio n a n d p r o f it - s h a r in g available. Sa la ry com m ensurate with experience. Send resum e to j 
Express New s Box 4526, San An- , tonio, TX 73297___________________ 
P H Y S IC A L T H E R A P IS T 
I 
Doty to work days, offering greater odvance. responsibility i 
D R P E R S O N N E L M E D IC A L 
D E N T A L Em ploym ent Service 
Oak Hills M od Bldg. 69o 991o 

R E C E P T O R S O F C 
Good skills + experience 
Nice Job 
D R P E R S O N N E L M E D IC A L 
D E N T A L Em ploym ent Service 
Oak Hills M ed Bldg, 69o-991o 
R E G I S T E R E D N U R S E w ith ' re co rd of p ro fe ss io n a l c o m p e ­ tence and dependability to assist ' 
In b u sy doctor office. M u st be w illing to w ork unfll 7 pm ond o c c a s io n a lly la te r, M o n d a y 
F rid a y with full fringe benefits 
NW Medical Center, reply lo E xp rss and News Box No 4376.78297 

R .N . 
7-3 
Ail fringe benefits 
Golden Manor 7364544 

R N Charge Position, full lim e or p art time, J-11 shift. G ood p a y j benefits. Apply in person to M s j 
Atlee, D ire cto r of N u rs in g S e r , vices - Son P e d ro M a n o r 616 W 
Russell 732-518t_______________ __ 
RN, D IR E C T O R O F N U R S E S 
Good salary, benefits, insurance. I 
Core Inn of Seguin, 1-379 7777 

DRAFTSMAN 

W e are seeking an ex periencrd draftsman who has successfully completed mechanical drafting school. 
In addition to the prepara hon of detailed drawings, this individual wilt also complete parts lists. Bdl and Materials and other engineering documents. For a personal interview, please opply at our emp loyment of/ice with sam pies of drawings. 

A Division o f Wylain, Inc. 
4 2 o o N. Panarn 
Expressw ay 
San A nton io, TX 

£qual Opportunity Employer 
M I 

Call: 

224-2341 

HOMEMAKERS 
UPJOHN 

•qual opportunity employ»r 

There’s Roam at tile Top 
O f t h is o r g a n iz a t io n f o r a p o l is h e d e x e c u t i v e s e c r e ­ ta r y fo r th e ir V P of O p e r a ­ tion s. S h o w y o u r t y p in g a n d s h o rt h a n d s k ills a n d a c c e p t t h is c h a l le n g in g o p p o r t u n i­ ty. A n e x p e r ie n c e d p r o f e s ­ s io n a l w ill fill th e sp ot. C a ll 
S h a ro n , 828-3161 
...........$85o 
V IP P E R S O N N E L 
18oo N E Loop 41o, P la za W est 
Bing., Suite 4t2___________________ 

R Ns-LVN s 
Needed for all shifts 
Immediate openings in: 
Labor & D e liv e ry 
ER 
House S upervisor 
Excellent solory ond fringe benefits. Write or coll 
Mr. Joe R. locker, RN 
Director of Nursing 
VAHEY 
COMMUNITY HOSPITAL 
P. o. Box 371o 
Brownsville, TX 78SI2 
(512) 831-9611 

REGISTERED NURSES 
The Office of Personnel, Travis County, is accepting applications (or 
REGISTERED NURSES 
ENTRY SALARY $839 $971 month commensurate to qualifications plus eligible (or probationary solory inrreose in 6 months. Benefits include retirement; insuronte, poid sick leave, holidays odd vocation, workmens rompensation ond scheduled annual solory inrreoses 
Minimum employment standards: Graduation from accredited school of nursing and rectified os o registered nurse in the Stole of Texos 
Note- GNS scheduled for certification examination will be considered 

A pplications accep ted by: 

TRAVIS COUNTY PERSONNEL DEPT. 
I I th & San A n to n io , 3 rd Floor or send resume to: 
P .O . Box 1 7 4 8 
A ustin, T e x a s 7 8 7 6 7 
For additional information, phone 
(5 12 ) 4 7 2 -7 9 4 3 

An Equal Opportunity Employer 
, 

R N Director L V N no agency fee, need im m ediate 924 5319 ___ 
R N s and L V N s needed tutl arid part time, all shifts Non-sm okers ple a se a p p ly 1oam 12 H illsid e 
M anor 831o Poult Lone 878 o6o6 
Sa n A n to n io H e a lth S e r v ic e s 
Placem ents, Inc , 84 N E, Loop 
41o, Suite 131 IE, 349 4313.__________ 
T H E R A P E U T IC D IE T IC IA N 
Im m ed oppty tor exp. indiv 
DR. P E R S O N N E L M E D IC A L 
D E N T A L Em ploym ent Service 
Oak Hills M ed Bldg, 69+991o 
W E E K E N D R E L I E F R N . 7-3 
224-2381 ask for M rs. M orse 
614 SKILLS MOES 

A C R E P A I R M A N T R A I N E E S 
SS 52 SOhr upgood co., oil benefits 
F re d 732-7191, 75o1 W e st A ve 
Jobs 
North inc 
Personnel 
Consultants. 
AIR COMD. ToS12K 
1233 SW M ilitary 922-7711 Job 
Experts Inc Placem ent Service 
Applications being token for e x­ p e rie n c e d M O T O R G R A D E R 
O P E R A T O R K elly Construction 
Co , 824 o419 

SEWING 
MACHINE 
MECHANIC 

Excellent opportunity to grow with one of the 
Southwest’s leading manufacturers of womens sportswear This opening in 
Fort 
Stockton, 
Texas offers an exAillent salary end a comprehensive benefit package. Reloco hon expenses paid 
Call immediately 
(collect) to arrange an interview . . , 
Ron 
Journagon, 
(214) 
6 3 7 4 o o o 

 royal park inc. 
7 7 7 H ines Place 
D allas, T e x . 7 5 2 3 5 

 e q u a l o p p o rt u n it y e m p lo y e r 

RN 

W an t lo c a l C o lle g e S tu d e n t 
C lerk-T ypist, bookkeep ing exp. 

E X P E R I E N C E D 
M E D I C A L 
T R A N S C R IB E R N E E D E D IM 
M E D IA T E L Y . M edical R e co rd s 
Dept in Dim m it County M em orial j 
Hospital, Carrizo Springs, Texos 
78834 Contact Personnel Office, 
(512)87+2424. Collect. u . 
I LP T -Full time. R e h a b setting for p k J p b 'c I 4 W N P 
4?o 
I handicapped children. Coordinate 
F IS H E R S , 145o N E Loop^H e 
PT le rvtce s. va ca tio n and sick leave, salary com m ensurate with experience. Cai! 923 75o3, ask for 
M rs. Rine 
WILL TRAIN $5oo 
M orgage loan closing to good typist! Exp. pays m ore' 
S P E A R S Personnel Service 
2o7 Jackson Keller 
828 1297 
612 - MEDICAL 

IV N 11-7 
Call M rs. M orse, 224-2381 
L V N Director of nurses for ours ing home. M rs Holm es 924-5533. 

A D A D IE T IC IA N , 
Excl. position w-reputible firm 
Advancem ent opty sal. open 
DR. P E R S O N N E L M E D IC A L - 
, 
D E N T A L Em ploym ent Service 
Oak Hills M ed Bldg, 69o-991o 
C H IE F R A D IO L O G IC T E C H 
N O L O G IS T , opening in private office, salary open Send inq uir­ ies, qualifications and experience lo the E x p r e s s and N e w s Box 
4379, San Antonio, T X 78297 

L V N Evening shift 11-7, center for handicapped children. Paid sick leave, vacation, m ed ical In s u r ­ ance available S a la ry com m on s u ro te w ith e x p e rie n c e . C a ll 
923 75o3, ask for M rs Pine. 

Director of Nursing 
Service Medium size 
Nursing 
Home 
San 
Antonio, location 
Generous benefits 
Send resume to Ex­ press/N ew s 
Box 
4 354, S A 7 8 2 9 7 

RESPIRATORY 
THERAPY 

Department Head 

& Technicians 

L V N tor 
69o-9974 relief 11-7 shift, call 

LVN 

Experienced Secretary accurate and speedy typing, dictap hone skills necessary. Excellent condi­ tions. ll holidays, liberal benefits near 
SAC, free parking. 
Coll 
733 9135 

NO TYPE RECEPTIONIST 
C h e e rfu l p e r s o n for fro n t desk-great N S locale for eager trainee. 52 JO to 52 7$ hr. 

Office Beginner 
$3 
Northside com pany needs begin­ ner to ans phones, lite type Good train in g for future In b u sin e ss. 
1 High school grad. 
Banner Personnel Service East 
83oo Village at 41oE, 457-1217 

I X P O I S S A N D N t W S 

O F F IC E C A S H IE R *52o 
L ig h t type, e xc e lle n t n a tio n a l com pany, call 
M a lv a 
Black 
657-1123 
Snelling A Snelling Em p loym ent 
Service 82o3 Rough R id er 
• 

D E N T A L A S S IS T A N T 
Established practice needs exo 
Assist., som e front otc. need now 
D R P E R S O N N E L M E D IC A L - 
D E N T A L Em ploym ent Service 
Oak Hills M ed Bldg, 69o-991o 
D E N T A L H Y G IE N IS T 
2 days-wk available immed to personable md. tor N.side ofc 
O R P E R S O N N E L M E D IC A L 
D E N T A L Em ploym ent Service 
Oak Hills Med Bldg. 49o 991o 
E X E C S E C R E T A R Y 
Very int. position tor md with ext. typing, som e med bkgrnd 
DR. P E R S O N N E L M E D IC A L 
D E N T A L Em ploym ent Service 
Oak Hills M ed Bldg, 49+99IQ 

O N A W A N T AO 
IH I N U M o 1 U TO C A I I 
IS 225-1oo6 
— rx e e tss AND NtW S 

7-3, 117. F u ll tim e tor n u rsin g home, rebel oil shifts 924-3533 
L V N N E E D E D 
All shifts, 3-11. 117, 7 3. Apply in person al SI Benedict H ospital and Nursing Hom e South Alam o at Johnson, 222-o171. E q u al Op portumty Em ployer. 
L V N position open, 3-11 shift, benefits. B R O A D W A Y L O D G E . 
82+5326 822-o391 

★ 
★ 
★ 
★ 
★ 
★ 
★ 

S 
'" 
--------- 
> 

Clinical 
Reference la ­ boratory has immediate opening in evening shift for 
ASCP TECHNOLOGIST with hematology, serology ond blood banking background Min. 6 yrs rtmirol laboratory experience required Solory tommensurale with tioining ond experience. Contort: 
Ms. Hickey, 69o-122o 
Mon. thru Tri., 8 AM S PM 

^ i ■■■«— 
— — - 
/ 
M A N A G E R S U P E R V IS O R 
Supervisory exper., responsible md 
To manage dept, excel, oppty 
O R P E R S O N N E L M E D IC A L - 
D E N T A L Em ploym ent Service 
Ook Hills Med Bldg, 69o 991o 

MEDICAL DENTAL 
Positions available-m any areas 
OR. P E R S O N N E L M E D IC A L - 
D E N T A L Em ploym ent Service 
Ook Hilts Med Bldg, 69o 991o 
M E D I C A L 
I N S U R A N C E 
C L E R K -M u s t have I yr exp In medical office. Coll 82S-839S. 
M E D IN V E N T O R Y M G R 
Ofc needs good skills, typing 
To control Inv. M -F N. side 
D R P E R S O N N E L M E D IC A L - 
O E N T A L Em ploym ent Service 
Ook Hills Med Bldg, e>9o 991o 

• • • 

AUTOMOBILE 
UPHOLSTERY MAN 
Opening now tor m an with exper- ience. 
*15o weekly. 
Apply in person. 
C E N T E R A U T O R E P A IR 
2937 R O O S A V E L T 

• • • 

S3.25 Backhoe $6.oo Hr 
Need 3 today! M o re exp m ore 
M oney! Ike K elly *21-4367 
Jobs 
South Placem ent Service 413 SW 
Military____________________ _ 
B a rb e r noir sty list to m a n a g e classic mens hairstyling off E ve rs 
Rd in Nortwest area Call 684-99o9 
I a f f r o n t.________________________ 
B E A U T IC IA N needed, m u d be experienced, M A N O R W O M A N , 
458 6187 
I 

U M P OSUSKY s t H V IC t ; 
321 Brooklyn 
224-9253 j 

Iq u a l O p p o r t u n it y t m p lo y o r 

GENERAL 
LABORERS 

We ore lookin g for genera! 

 laborers w ho con w ork 

 either short or long term 

 assignm ents. Hom e phone 

 ond cor necessary 

A p p l y d a il y F ro m 9 - 3 . m a n p o w e r ! 

B O D Y M A N W A N T E D 
Apply Creative Color Pain t and 
Body, I i i So W W. White Rd., 
33326o4__________________________ 
B r ic k L a y e r s N e e d e d fo r R e ­ sidential work. Coll C A 3 9744 or 
226-9o68 osk or Jock atter 6______ 
C A R P E N T E R N E E D E D E x p e r­ ience necessary. M u st be know lodgeable in fra m in g a n d finish work. M ust have ow n tools ond transportation 714 7o71 
C A R P E N T E R S N E E D E O for 
F R A M IN G N o less than S yrs. exp. Apply 5ooo NW Industrial Or. or coll 684 76oo between S i M F 
C A R P E N T E R S lo w ork at C a n ­ yon Lake, call C A. W ilk e rso n 
Builder, 517-899-2)86 

C O N S T R U C T IO N 
( C A R P E N T E R S . 
A N D 
C A R 
1 P E N T E R S H E L P E R S C oll C o l­ lect ’ 438 2963. or I 425 8416 Atter 
5 pm 
~ DISPATCHER $8Go mo 
I 
1233 SW M ilitary 922 2711 Job 
Experts Inc. Placem ent Service 
(56oo D R IV E R 57oo lo cal or in trastate co m m lice n se need I 
Cindy 732 2191, 25o1 W est Ave. 
-Jobs 
North 
Inc. 
Personnel 
C o n s u lta n ts 
O R Y C L E A N IN G P L A N T needs 
E X P E R I E N C E D P R E S S E R 
5 day week Call 344-4711. arid atter 
6 144 4934 

C arpenlerv aud helper-. Ca'! Don atter 4pm 344-9654 
__________ _ 
C O N C R E T E F IN IS H E R S 
B R ID G E C A R P E N T E R S 
S T E E L T IE R S 

Lu. Canel Layer 
ACE F L O O R C overing 
5615 SA N P E D R O 

LVN RELIEF 
73, H I , 11-7 Shifts. 225 w Lourei 
227 o267_____________________________ 
L V N -R N , 
Scrub with prominent position 
Exp or related bkgrnd helpful 
OR. P E R S O N N E L M E D IC A L - 
D E N T A L Em ploym ent Service 
Oak Hills M ed Bldg. 69o 991o 

L V N , STH vh' M ' ,ult ,im e- Leon 
Valley 
Lodge 
N ursing 
Home, 
48+1194. 

* 

* 

* 

* 

* 

LVN’s 

3-11, J1-7 

Oak Crest Inn 

131o IM 35 West 

New Braunfels, TX. 

* 

* 

* 

* 
* 

M E O L A B T E C H N IC IA N did. positions available 
In priv. otc., but better hurry 
D R P E R S O N N E L M E D IC A L 
O E N T A L Em ploym ent Service 
Ook Hills Med Bldg, 69o-99)o 
M E O T E C H Im m ediate opening tor full time with experien ce in 

 i__ _ ,r — T -Tllo 
EXP1MILLWORKERS 
E O E m p lo ye r p a y in g T H D pay 
3 5 yrs exp 51.75 *4 hr scale 222-o6o6 
Construction W orker wanted over 
21 years old. Experienced in fin­ ishing concrete preferred. Word w o rk ,g o o d o v e r tim e o n d op p o rtu n ity tor a d v a n c e m e n t. 
P o y co m m e su ro te w ith e xp e r- 
X Ray ond E K G . Call 341 4794 for 
'• "J -* f;®ll b e tw een 7 : 3o a n d interview and appointm ent 
I o°™ ,P?!fr 
--------------------- 
O R T H O D O N T IC D E N T A L A S 
SIST A N T , experience preferred, 
65+3531 roe le st Bi sui Cs " 
Pl ACI ro u e W ANT AD 
IN IH I I X PAI SS N IW 5 
C A II 225-16oo 

Construction Inspector 
M averick E n gin e e rin g C om pany pl aoli Plnebrook 349 3*63 ______ 

TH I N U M O ie T y C A l l 
15 2 2 5 1 6 6 o 
I X P B I5 5 A N D N t W S 

1233 SW M ilitary 927-2711 Job 
Experts Inc Placem ent Service 
E x p e rie n ce d m ain tain e r opera tor Coll Fred P o n s . 735 143* 
Experienced Foreign car 
M E C H A N IC N E E D E D ! 
I 
M r Matthews, 628 5511 
E X P E R I E N C E 
F A R M 
A N D 
L IG H T I N D U S T R I A L E Q U IP 
M E N T M echanic and Welder. Top 
Pay and Benefits 
T H E T O R G E R S O N CO 
______________533-5145______________ 
Experien ced p ointers needed to work in the Northw est area. Call 
Dave at 45+47*9 

B14 SKILLS IRA1IES 

T 
Sari Antonio EXPRESS-NEW S— Sunday Aprif I 7, I 9 7 7 

BH SKILLS • TRADES g BH-! 

A m 

« 

 ls:l 
SHEETMETAL MECHANICS 

Continued growth of Swearingen Aviation corporation has created a demand for additional employees desiring careers in aircraft manufacturing. 

Swearingen has immediate requirements for experienced Sheetmetai Mechanics. These positions require experience performing structural assembly and aircraft sheetmetai installation. These posi-1 lions offer starting rates from $3.49 to $4.19 per hour, automatic 9o day increases, annual general] increases, and excellent working conditions. 
OTHER COMPANY BENEFITS INCLUDE: 

• Group Ufo Insurance 
I • Retirement Program 

• Insured Sick Pay 

| v; • 9 Holidays 

• Tuition Assistance 

• Bereavement Pay 

• Company Sponsored Employee Activities 

• Group Medical Insurance 
• Liberal Vacation Benefits 
• Disability Benefits 
• Job Posting 
• Jury Duty Pay 

Swearingen is a growth oriented aircraft manufacturer competing in the general aviation in­ dustry. We are committed to a policy of promotion from within and offering employees op­ portunities for advancement based on their individual ability and performance. lf you are interested in knowing more about these openings and a possible future with 
Swearingen, you should apply in person at the employment office, Swearingen Aviation Cor­ poration, International Airport, San Antonio, Tx. (come East on Bitters Road past Blossom Athletic] 
Center, turn right on NE entrance road.) 

S W 
E A 
R 
I N 
G 
E N 
# 

A 
V 
I A 
T 
I O 
N 
< D O F * f = > O H A T l C > r v 

A S u b sid ia ry o f Fairchild Industries 

Am (qed Oppsrtunfty 

¥ i r tr k i r i r k i r tr i r k i r k i 
* EXPERIENCED 
M 

* 
* 
* 
¥ 
HK 
* 

* 

* 

HK 
¥ 
¥ 
¥ 

AIRCRAFT 

SHEET METAL 

MECHANICS 

JETCRAFTERS INC. 
5418 Brewster 
657-27oo 

Bottling Company of San Antonio 

 has openings for 

EXPERIENCED TRUCK MECHANICS 
Work with one of the best companies in San An­ tonio. Enjoy excellent fringe benefits, security and working conditions. All tools furnished. 
Must have minimum 2 years experience working on heavy duty trucks. 
A p p ly 162 Exposition Dr. 
8-1 am M o n d ay-Frid ay equal opportunity employer 

S e a rs 
C o m m issio n 
Auto Mechanic 

Full time, experienced auto mechanic for cir conditioning and front end work. Draw against, commission arrangement. 5-day 4o-hour week with paid vocation and 
9 holidays, plus emf byee discount on purchases. Profit sharing retirement plan, group hospitalization and life insurance available. Apply: personnel office. 

An Equal Opportunity Employer M/F 
Sears Central Park Store 

 f " 
D B A T U E D C 
I 
FROST BROTHERS 
Has the following openings 
FITTERS 
SEAMSTRESSES 
★ Must be Experienced 

Apply in Person to 
MR. FEESE 
North Star Mall 

I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
North Star Mall 
1o am -4 pm , M on d ay-Frid ay 

Immediate Openings 
MEAT INDUSTRY 
Because of our expansion, we hove Immediate openings (day and night shifts) in the following job classifications. 
TRIMMERS ($3.1o-*34S hr.) 
STEAK CUTTERS (S3.7o-S5.o5 hr.) 
To be considered, applicants must hove comparable pravtous experience, 

 stable work record, be available to work over-time os required and be able to pass o pre-empioyment physical. 

Selected applicants will receive a good rate of pay, advancement op­ portunity and excellent fringe benefits. 
STANDARD MEAT CO. 
3 7o 9 I. I st St., Fort W o rth , TX 76111 
(817) 831*o981 ll ODDOI 
An Equal Opportunity Employer M /F 

 iii- EMUS WIES 
Sit -FROMME grogs m u m 

•NEYMAN CARPENTERS to N U M*' STM OeZavela hmi 
•N EYM A N MACHINIST 
MACHINE SHOP H E LP E R S 
Arrey Iii n cfm . 
oo.4544 
Ihhrteir MM |«| AieIm Ie T v 

Mt eMiit s i t w i t rn 
©©(Dor kb- wfNnkp 
- — 4o^ /». 
™fwv8##6M 8R9BL. ( A 
18a TI t 9#rt#n 
$fccMr, 
SHA Awtgiito, 
MACHINIST, m M ihw R I y e o n m r . nrtmariiy IR th ax and milling m e cM M t, fa y and R ifSt M IR avowable, M ir wages. Read ben­ efits. COR Mr. KeeS at Ootombta 
Iuka WriesM * N H . Eaaal Oeeor fuMttEwyEOYe;-------- ----------- 

 r h o m b i 
Need w m tene ta >«t aa Acm e 
G rid le y er fro w * Sleer»e Au 
N matte serow RMMMROS. AaRtyla per MHI ta: Carm aa Industries. a n s Business P R ft Dr. (Vt mL gait aI IH M ow Rlfffmon Rd ) 

H a n d y A n d y 

SJO -RN Wats! 

Is .c a p r if ig app lications for 
FOOD SERVICE SUPERVISORS 

PAET TIM! TELEPHONE SALES 

5 P M t a 9 P M 

Good starting Eatery. 6 years experience serving complete meals required. 
Military experience in pay grade 14 or abave will be accepted os manage­ ment experience for this position. Apply In person: 

M o n d a y thru Frid ay 

 h a n d y ’ a n d y i n c . 

8»dg. 1 o 5 3 o 
LA C K LA N D A ir Fore? Base 
An fcpxf/ Opportunity Employ., 

College, 
High 
School, 
Military or 
Retired 
Persons con earn up to $ 4 .o o per hr. Making 

 ca lls froqi our office. 

N o Experience Needed 
Free Parking 
Call M r. G reen 
225-281o 

An E q u a l O p p o rtu n ity E m p lo y er 

IMMTBMKE TI SSE1 
U U SW Mattery *13 171’, Jolt 
H U SW MHttory 
Bxperti Inc. Ftocsmont fe rrite 

 tire 
MI/iBflfifU HAHfff t emWMt w H N ri eatee and warehouse \ 

 r, ter 

 grow ing n ational co m p an y . 
CAPITOL TIRE SALES, f it W. tw eet, 734-7o73- 
Meenon Ic and service itatlon 
Help, experienced. ASA-eeoe 

MKtallC fWBilfl 
IRF f t iflpaint iTg pH porn* * m Hexer Hi 
W W M e w r iwvuiuniv sjw wwri" tea Ie rem an. Mast be m ater* and 
M v i know ledge of tra ck * , taal drankmean* 

 tartuffe, and oqulpmowt. Top pay. want att otter mechanics 
I Routeman! Camp rrrrr 

,a--.ey gS Jjfff" **P ” »Lm- 
N t t d ex pertencod 
HAIRORESSRR tor N’tida eaten, wail ar without fellowing. Mast knew Rte toted a it* . MI-U te ar 
W U U 
N EW SPA PER p A s T E -U p A b R 
SON, tap pay e x p ir e inca 

 reteodte in Remet, 
8*6^88168*6o o88 181 
■ clitoi Mott l r VaoRIRAX 
TX. V1S9-IIM 
Forsee stat nersery experience to core for indear plan tx. 
» 
«. 
_______ 
P IC T U R E F R A M E R , e x p tf 

 i2 f e - 
M AINTENANCE 
E st. Ulm p a c k o fIna p rin te r, tom tooter, hap mfg. e eerie exp. 
“ r merhonlc. production mac 
Etearaatc and rap deairs- anent, ce. 

ItefinR fm a b roadway xeeeo Print Shop Main! SU M I 
P C E PAID! 
A f CP. need* person + repair equip, A f fu tu re . Ika R a lly 
*23-o47 Jobs South Placement 
Service IU SW M il it a r y ______ 

$3.15 Prod. $4.15 hr 
I today. Just 
21 apl Need iota start I hottest ♦ wHllnp to iecrn-Notl Ce. 
John Ham pton *23-41*o Jobs 
South Placement Service .413 SW 
MHttory 
_________ 
R E FR IG E R A T IO N AIR Cond! 
Honing 
R e p o ir top peslNen. keel 
S e rvice 
9am-*:$9p!________ whit A ir C enditieniR R is le 
SaSSSM f i 

FRONTIER 
ENTERPRISES 
DINNER m n 
DIVISION is Accepting 
Applications For 

• Host 
Hostesses 

• Busboys 
• Busgirls 

• Waiters 
• Waitresses 
• Bartender (Must be 18 or 

 older) 

A p p ly in Parson 

M o n d a y -F rid a y 
8»3o om *4xoo pm 
852o Crowniiiil Blvd. 
•NEE 
OOHDPEPI 

JACK-IN-THE-BOX 
Has Full Time 
Positions Available 
DAYS 
★ 6 day week 
★ bood pay 
★ tree hospitalization dr paid vocation dr great advancement opportunity 

For Alert, Responsible 
Individuals 

A p p ly h t P e r s o n 
6 . 1 1 a m 
2463 Hecofd odte* Rd. 
No Phone CMU Please 
Md Opp arty-Hy tong Ie pi 

62o KELP WARTH) 
62o Hap WANTEB 

 tnfctf tor p—ffcf wto> va* U wmk yV T t ZX£%5T!2ma 

 irtW TefcyOPaeu tl« WM tm 
* 
7*44141 
O •IPadryRuaee 

JACKIN THE BOX 
Hos Full Time 
Positions Available 
DAYS OR NIGHTS dr 6 day week ( 
^ 

ST. ANTHONY HOTH 
Is now accepting applications Item 
EXPERIENCED PERSONNEL 
For tho fallo w in g ‘ 
CAREER OPPORTUNITIES 

• ,NIGHT CHEF 
• PANTRY PERSONNEL 

• WAITERS 
• WAITRESSES 

• HOSTS 
• HOSTESSES 

• BEIL ATTENDANTS • CASHIERS 

• MAIDS 
• JANITORS 

COOKS — With experience in all areas of cooking 

• RECEPTIONIST — Type 5o-6o wpm, able to take dictation 

GENERAL MECHANICS — with experience in refrigeration, heat, light, power. 

 f Good pay 
' 
I dr Free hospltoirzation dr Paid vacation dr Great advancement opportunity 

For Alert, Responsible 
Individuals 
Apply in Person 
9 * 1 o : 3 o a .m . 
5o2 N. New Braunfels 
Ne Phone Calls Please 
Equal Opportunity Employer 

$7oo*1 
Met‘I ce 
D R IV E R - will Irate, Sarah 712-2191, 
2581 West Ave. Jobs North Inc. 
P (fW w tlI Censultewts. 

 but will 
Jones Marlin ar bud Morris 

I 
I 
I 
I 

IMMEDIATE OPENINGS 
SINGLE NEEDLE OPERATORS 
SERGERS AND SAFETY STITCHERS 
BLINDST1TCHERS 
FINISHING DEPARTMENT PERSONNEL 
SUPPLY CLERK 
SPREADERS AND BUNDLE GIRLS 
M ust be Experienced 
CMT CORP. 
227 Lone Star Blvd. 
226-5526 

TORC. CO Ear- slayer baylet TH D pay seal#. 
Phone: 22VW4* 

Must8 HHIYJFHCEK t he l l yrs. et abe, at least 4 me*, experience or tome ceti*#* en, I to background Apply In person, I 
$, Mon. thru PH. 
142o TOWR* LIF E BLDG. stohon rn 
Service stolen mechanic wanted must hove own tools. 7283 Bianco 
Rd. 
_______ 
SERVICE STATION M EC H A N ^ 
Must be able to de oeneral aute rapter. Seme exp. in welding, but nut absolutely n e ce ssa ry . 
533-5435, Apply 4o3 Pair Avg. 
SH A M P O O 
G IR L , lice n se d , 

ASSISTANT 
PRODUCTION 
MANAGER 

For lad to* Sportswear Plant 

 family operation waking o sotf- mo ti voting 
Individual with a thorough knowledge of garment break-down, machinery, production flow. Must be obi# to instruct operators and floor personnel. 
This Is a challenging and rewarding I opportunity for me right individual. 
Contact Manager 
227 Iona Star Mv4. 
San Antonio, TX 782o4 
226-5526 

EXPERIENCED 

Thursday, Friday, Staturday. 
451-3142. Perrin battel Area ihjpgtng toto ractevtoe deck, toil 
Hme, commercial license prefer­ able but not necessary, salary depending on experience. 

^ ^ iP P iN O - R c e c 'r v iN O co workers. Cm tty 
I West A ve. Jobs 
. c g a a s s i L 
HRO 6V6Hlffto1 

TRUCK DRIVERS 

A p p ly in 

 p e r s o n 

TOUSLEY 

LUMBER CO. 

9 8 1 o BALL ST. 

6 5 5 -o 8 4 1 

RAY ELLISON HOMES, INC. 
NEEDS 
FRAMERS 

Must have experience and willing to 

 work in Son Antonio areo. (Bexar 

County). 

Also must be willing to furnish own 

 workmens compensation and general 

 liability insurance 

Contact: Wayne Iffenberger 

512-349-1111 EXT 328 

8 A M -5 PM M on-Fri 

Beauty Operators^ 
WE NEED 7 
More Beauticians!! 

We hove a staff of 12 busy operators. But they cannot bande our growing business. Coma help us out oral make good money. Clued 
Mondays. No lots worktll Salary f 
Commission. 
RADIANT LADY 
•amity Salon 
541o Broadway 
o24-7534 

 f 
" i x k r S cR 1-* ! 

E B E 
SHOP HELPER 
Com m ercial drivers 

 license 

 with i ability. 

 necessary, m echanical 

684-74oo 

An Equal Opportunity Employer 

H O M IS, 
RAY ELLISON I 
INC 
ESTIMATOR 
Experienced residential, estima­ tor wanted for single family con­ struction Must be familia* with 
VA-IHA standards. 
CALL 
WAYNE EFFENBERGER 
„ 349-1111 EXT. 335 
A 

Exparloncad Underground Ir­ rigation Installer needed. M in­ imum two years experience. Good 
Poy 8*1)3 Broedwgy, 124-4333 ex p e rie n ce d 
G ro om e r 
Coll 
•-S 

EXPERIENCED 
CRANKSHAFT CRUDER 
Cardinal 
Automotive 
R eb u ild ers, 225-242*. 
E X P C R I R N C S D 
T I P I 
CH A N G ER , salary commensur­ ate with experience, apply In pi r. Litttotion son, 17o2 SW /Military Dr. 
Tire Co. 
E X P E R IE N C E D B R A K E AND 
FRON T END Man, salary plus commission, apply in parson, 17o2 
*........... 
" " elon 

 needed. 
Tues Sot. experienced carpenter "'der remodeling ond framing. 222-44*2 
J lorn 544 784'________________ 
Experlone*4 Truck Mechanic needed for immed. omploym. lory Ice fixe. co. Benefits contect 
MRT Den Heldermwi ft Barrett 
Mack, Lufkin. Tx. 713-439-1171 day*. Wet'ti or weekends o r 43f j j * L 
> 412-M il 

Experienced service station help needed, insurance and uniforms furnished. 
Annie or temteo. m m L n e u 11 ae s tm .i'i -w 
IN THI U M IM 'N IW S 
CSU 22*-1SAO 

EXPERIENCED 
UTILITY 
FOREMAN 
Water and Snwar 
Cr Fringe Benefits 
STICH 
CONTRACTING 
INC. 
3 * 2 - 3 1 $ 8 
After 6 pjn. 
492-2671 

I 

Exp. Mocha rakes, miner ted salary 

 ole front ai sr tune-ups. Guero*- 
Appiy in ilarv f comm. Ani 
. 
BNI Mnaettt Tire Ce. Inc. t m Brr Pedro 343-9121 
CXP.^ servile itotton ,man with mechanical e x t ., and Taxes 
Commerctol license. Mature men preferred. Apply: se* (W W W jS fiS L S l______________ _____ 

 m m R w N r M r 
Full or Fort Tlmt 
ExperUtnced Only 

B im 

 r n 

 experienced In la­ test cuts end men** styles. Perrin bewet Aren, 4»3-5t« 

SUBCONTRACTORS 
NEEDED 

Framers, Trim Carpenters, 
Yardmen, Wall paper. Rough 

BROILER COOK 

Fort time for evening hours 

CANYON CREEK 
COUNTRY CLUB 

Call Mrs. Neiman 

Between 9:3o-5:3o 

Tuesday-Saturday 

4 9 3 - 1 o 6 3 

(Must have own transportation) 

BXPSRIBNCBD 
PARTT IME 
WAITERS 

For Gourmet and name Feeds, 

CANYON CREEK 
COUNTRY CLUB 

Coll Mrs. Neiman 

 between 9:3o-5:3o 

T uesday-Saturday 

4 9 3 - 1 o 6 3 

(Must hove own transportation) 

 and Final Clean. 
CAU . 451-o37o lf Mb Answer 459-o3*1 

THE TEXAS ARMY NATIONAL 
GUARD HAS OPE NI NS FOR: 
COOKS... MECH AN IC S...COM­ 
MUNICATIONS...FIRE DIREC­ 
TION FER SONNE L...CLERK S- 
NONEER...TRUCK 
...FINANCE 
U TI 

..CANU 

 weekend per month and * 
“ 
S i l l weeks to summer. $12-124-24' 
THE WHITLEY CO. needs 
CAMERAMAN AND STRIPPER lh wont tents or nights. Mute bove 

SECURITY GUARD 
Ak 
A-- lefi ■ ggg ii n I 
M iiiO mf DI mi iiuvii evening shift 
A Daytime college student acceptable 
A Geed compony benefits 
Apply in person 
SANTONE 
INDUSTRIES 
M i l S. Zerzomera tyiot arnement toper* 

 ss? 
W O R K O N F A R M ^ 
Must Bd Experienced 
And Sober 
Know how to operate and take cora of tractors, hay bailer, and combine small herd of cattle. 
Also ir- rlqation equipment. 
G ood salary. 
House, lights, butane furnished. 
Refer­ ences required. 
H aply to tho 
»s»/h 
SxproM / Nows Box 
4527^78297 
^ 
" a f t e r 
_ Experienced er seml-exner- leeeed, eentoct Mr. bonchet. 
^%teOnwto^^p«kHM^bp^| Ftoteo^ Furniture Mfgrs., 3o7 lo- 

' 
WANTED * 

Point end body mon. Trucks ond htovy equipment. Must be expqdbnced. Cgn bring own helper. Hourly or piece worker. 
Apply in person 
758o Grissom Rd., Son An­ tonio. 

Equal Opportunity Employer. 

—g. . -. --- .m. .. 

M H H 
Ville Reg# Ho— Moi hoe me Im- 

, „ i M a . y f j y y f ' 
•eery re rwe r ir ie n im u m ci, 
>113 Mite Col ox 22o-3434. EteMi ppgy.tftsfflL&sRfYiyr. 
NolrdregM rj^ Rted^ ter now 

Meesreck • 3o9-3344 
? S l v Y g i u T F M i 
M E N f O F r t X 
TOR we need vee now I Tep-M 
Resin 733-1191, IMI West Ave. inc. 
P'RNTBtNlfMBi 
CofimttomH. 
I weed a truck driver wtth cem- merdte I teen se, ereterohly gum. Pe-Ce, *4*9 Old Hwy 99 

M r * ? 

 use Mechanic, tori 
In House metetennnci 

 r n 

 ntenonce and repair, s la. Apache Diet. Ce. 433 

 rye track 
• M n 

□ M i l H M M M j 
ExoervSnlnRrteRme, hours, fendoys tee. Interne mN&t 

In* 
I KPSTIR WTB 
Experienced machine s h e o l specter ^ti»| him** *n 

 m n 
, be te a t e fA p o t n f sr sew to: Carmen Industries,! 
123 business Perk Dr. (to ml. 

Contact Keith Johnson. 191 braws, 
512-476-71o1, 
Texas 

 lo work for hour. Ow tv skilled 
47*-7o2o_______ 
Truck Driver, 

 re cto r by need apply. 

Pteht 
Fork 

( b river, J Axin Rig and Body Mechanic ort Lift Trainee 
433o991 

Local riel)very et w elding supplies and equipment. 494 4232. 
TMK driver: 
M EM S B f 
Needed. Com m ercial license necessary- Apply: 
RAMS PLUMBING 
______TUI BROADWAY 

TV 
SER VICE 

Wheieseto^mxlrteette weeds ser­ vice manager, experleaeed In rgnnteg TV and gtectrenlcs ser­ vice shoo. Ability to Reid service meetings and porterm admin to- trolly* duties Contact S. New­ b e rn , 
Central 
Distributing. 
(512)225-1541.____________________ 
UPNOUTRESS 

UTILITV 
Monday - 

 n T 
MAN, 34M o men til. 

Wanted alc with rn least S years experience, work $ days, I Ie I, pay accer 

K 
^ t t -C a O ? ^ 

 according to ex 

Wanted: Experienced Commer­ cial Construction Superintsndsnts ter the Sooth Texas area. Coll m m s ts s ^ u M leaking ter full time helper en water wen pomp crew to de lo­ 

 in lit with rotator crow. All 
Tinge benefits, starting salary 
MSM co an post experience. Par 
. ’ dteaRs caM Mr. Davenport 
5J 2L 2J * _____________ _____ 
To need corpsm an gad sub cen tractors tar apartment reject. 
Framers, siding, feist, outside trim. M O O PAV. Bee Mr. Co- 

N ow Ace opting 

Applications 

 for 
FRY COOK 

A p p ly in Person 

FRONTIER DRIVE-IN 

1 4 6 2 A u s tin H w y . 

 p m 
W 
JACK-IN-THE-B 

Has part time positions avoilabib days or nights. 
• Frag hospitalization 
• Paid vacations 
• Merit pay increases 

A p p l y I n P e r s o n 
3315 Son Pedro 
Equal Opportunity Employer 

WAITRESS nod W geek end D tatoo R< 

■■and Spirits" 
AITRESSE1 

Cashiers naedad for satf-sarva pas steRsns to oN secHens et the 
City. Experience phis 14-key de­ sired. Applications token week­ days sTbb-tTii. Office at M24 yenta po. t it C. 349-429*. Egual 
Dopartewtty E mpleyer.________ 
COMB I NAT IO H O I NNCR AND 

CO O K 
WANTED 
DAYS 8 EVENINGS | 

C a l l f o r a p p t . 
653-911o 

 lf you desire ideal working conditions in a progressive work environment that offers excellent employee benefits, pay and career opportunities, apply between the hours of 8 a.rn.-5 p.m., 
Monday-Friday at: 

ST. ANTHONY HOTEL 
E m p l o y m e n t C e n t e r 
3oo E. Travis 

( A t N a v a r r e S t . S id e ) 

E q u a l O p p o rtu n ity E m p lo yer 

EXP broiler Man Abernathy's 
Restaurant. *24-45*1. 

EXP. WETCH 
Flense apply 14-12 Hillside Manor, 
SIU Poult Lone. »2>-e<o4 

 ntown, * days par waak, permanent nos/Mon. 
225-45o3._______ 
Experienced Cook. Mao or woman, apply to parson before 
2pm. Pot AO tcdvs Coffee Shop. ill* Gel ted Rd. 
____ _ 
FULL TIME DAY M/AITREis 
EXP. DRILL COOK 
Apply to person, LYNDYS, SS42 
Fredericksburg Rd. imedMftey! 
Hiring immedMtteyTMixed drink 
Cocktail Waitress. Nit* shift. Ap- ply In person. DANNY'S. 172o N. 

KITCH EN H E L P wanted, l i t 
Mali, Le Puente Res- 
Norlh e a r touront. Apply In pertnn_______ kitchen help needed, ne exper- ience necessary will train, apply in person at th* Vitiate Inn 
Winding Way, Moa-Frl________ 
Large Southside restaurant need* mature, neat. a pere* sly* woman int position. Bxper lance must be In handling person­ nel and ability ta tgka nill com wand. Evening shift, *4*o per manus, sa J 
News box month, bend resume to Express ox 4327 S A. 712*7 

Leek Uke n (Illy horse, 
Southside * 
*23-977o 

 work Uke a nicest dub. 

HAMB TIMES 

S A L A R Y $ 4 2 5 

MANAGERS 

S a l a r y $6 2 5 4 -C o m m . 
Need qualified people ane 23 « over ter monooemtnt positions 
C a i ter interview 
WED THURS-. 14 PM 

_________ 3 4 1 -3 1 1 6 _________ 
Mature bar maid Apply affer 
Wend packer 
Roosevelt_______ 
Lounge 2t33 

1333: 
RagiftJaSto— 
Fort- fulltime won a washers. Apply In person Taco 

■Sen Antonio Meter Inn 
S HELP. evening shift. minimum wop*, company bnn- i Austin 
Hwy w A lT th i, predesslnnl cinty. up ie gMaweek^apply 9-14 oe*. 1o39 
"m m ” 
---------------- 

4 pm-3M H w U S 
3 am, id pm-4 aa am. Top 
Salary, paw* bps. free parking 24 illy roktaaroat. BAEL aT ei 

Ne gxpe lienee. 
W AITRR*i c T i H r i g . exper­ ienced tor evening work, hours 
S2.li per 
Sam-12. Salary pleasant working 
. at once, e o w l e r a m a 

 p e r hour conditions, ne­ wark sly et once. 
LINES, 47 1* Blanco R d________ 
Waitress needed tor'Alice ice 
House, 24o2 N. Flores 732-4447. 
WAITRESS OR W AITER, ma­ ture, experienced work in Mex­ ican Restaurant. Exeter excellent salary, intarviaws- llent tips. 

V, Friday, Saturday and ay. Call ter aopatotmgnt. 
Mr. Trevino. 

WHATAWHBER f i n n • EuRriiffR^n* 

Needs permanent tali tim* 
MMM MT MMNKMM* AmMY BB o#T* s w o t B W Mroadwav. Nm fHMMM O M I pf 

 ta 

SHORT ORDER COOK Salary nHmlted lf experienced 
MMVRliVM 
Bassett’* Fine' Food, 1451 Austin 
Hwy, m -o431 
CODMTER HELP t be awractlve and havi 
Must appearance 
Apply In person 

 have neat 

PFFHtoEI 
B a B E a r t o s x 
[Mea-Frl i tem Valerie's 
OoyMmo perse* Mpg 
Reshterahf, 

 meet axel ti ne 
' teklwe Oconee- 

 ir- 
JX- as 
7*23* 
(I slug).......................equal oppor- tunny emptoyer 

W aitresses 
BartofMjars 
Oearm en 
: MOI NR Leal 

 l i J W 
. f ?P»T» 

....(I 

Hmm 

DR LI-FAST FOOD 
F A R T TIME 
DAY AND EVENINGS 
Experience helpful 
Apply in person 3-IFM 

 f f lm m m 
‘ “ « w 
WAITRCSSRS NREDRO. Riper 
DIETARY AID 
T c k T I T l w a it r c s s r s R e c o r d . Expo? b6M6B 
BRMBly IM (BMfMMMi 
WUBlMtote lien MeaAau •■mea ReMau whmqbtb inn, mbmqv Mini rnvMY 

S L I 
Apply et Carriage Ignore 
•OM Blanca 
Nursing Heme, 

 bath speaking 
‘ Needed ut enc# at ii ice no rm « m Cate, preferred 
Gebe's Ice Neuse and Cate, agaty 
I? Fkrtun ofter 4 pm at 1431 

It 233-1444 ural** and wfw* 

 or needed. CRH ie am ? ii f w f t r 5r i ? r ; y r 
* Rwteuranf- Ber. 223-4447, ii 

E lf M e ry * 

KMIYMKS 
FNI RmewM g«rt Rmgna rnRuirae experience to to 
VWO < ply) 

N SR_______ 
_ flew. Compony training available ter qualified applicants 
OPENING 4 NEW OFFICES IN 
NEXT 9 MONTHS. Tremendous growth and Income geientiol for right people. Neat persona! ap­ pearance, l l yrs old, I yr min 
Imun residence Ii 
(man residence to San Antonia. 
Flexible hours ter students 
CALL 343-5127_______ i talent Mar 
Ago- 
Manager. Salary plus 
S 
M I lf! IIH ^ r n 
M r M A N A G ER couple exp" necessary, adult luxury agt. In 
Oak Wills, before neon, 342-4442. 

IMT AM 
VOT 4 lX b « S u I lM t t 
MmmmLrZSTet 
■ 4 U.after 

Per 
4^14 m UA iRiflttm 
— »--n 
^ L eg meEBBI NPeiR dirty. Grggnhassa soles and matot. Mrs., 9-4, s days a week including Sat.. Sun. Cwapgnv 
* available. Sninry open. to Per sen, LOS PATIOS, 
A p p t y lM 
Mi* NR Leg* 4U 

R m 
M b r 

 i 
S a l a r ! 
Into dad ImmedlatRVR with experience nee 

1724-13*1 

 lately, eely these ie* apply. experience. 
224-1347. 
C A W i f t H liy ," s i.iU r . " raacM W hrs. week (eves end wends), Its* 
" M 
C H U R CH ^ R U T I 

Saterdov and 

JSTOOIAN m temncte# mcHf 
Si eDFeNRNg RNrW^NE 
6MMMMY jBMTIinBI/ 

- T i" 1 j j a i , ; 

« Tbaatir- 4314 San 

S e a r s 
Full Time 
Parts Clerk 

5-day 4o-hour week with paid vacation, 9 holidays, and employee discount on purchases. 
Profit sharing, retirement plan, group hospitaliza­ tion and life insurance available. Apply: personnel office. 

An {qual Opportunity employer M/F 

Sears Central Park Store 

I 

CASHIERS 
Full time part tim# 
( ll pm~7am) 
(avaningsand weekends) 

$2,5o-$2.75 per hour 
$2.3o par hour 

I 

NO EXPERIENCE 

NECESSARY 

STOP N GO MARKETS 
2 o 4 E. R h a p s o d y D r. 
Equal Opportunity Employer 

C A R R I E R S N E E D E D 
OO YOUi 
NUO TO EARN UR TO $2oo.oo A MONTH FOK 2, 
NKS. WORK BACH MORNING. 
MUST HAVE RELIABLE TRANSPORTATION! 
MORNING ROUTES OPEN IN: 
NORTH OF LOOP 41o 
PERRIN BEITEL 
Call 
NACOGDOCHES 
655-72o4 
HOLLYWOOD PARK 
CALI 
SAN PEDRO 
696-oo99 
BABCOCK 
Call 
BANDERA RD. 
22S-7411 ext. 1:3o 
Peewee* I p j» . A 3 p jn . 
SOUTH OF LOOP 41o 
THUNDERBIRD HILLS 
Aft I . I T G A 
ROILING il9 6 « IASTO r |35 6 8 1 - 1 7 9 4 

UNIVERSAL CITY AREA 
JO . 
KIRBY— -CALL 225-7411 ext. 13o 
BETWEEN I P.M. A S P.M. 
San A n to n io Exproes 
■■■■S*i S S IS rSmH 6 e 

FULL TIME TELEPHONE SALES 
9 A.M. to 5 P.M. 

W e can train you to earn up to $4.oo per hr. making calls from our office, we are an the bus line and we have free parking. 

 lf you are 18 or over and need a steady jo.fr with a chance for advancement please call 

MR. COLEMAN 
225-2818 a n a q v a l o p p o r t u n ity e m p lo y e r 

*"* ".''-- s a 

FACTORY 
BRANCH 

$6.82 Per Hour 

Need men and women to work in marketing in­ stallation and service deportment for early warning fire detection field. 
No experience necessary, will train. 

Intervi*w by appt- only 

Call 735-6153 

& 659.13U 

UVI-IN COMPANION 
Personnel Needed! 
Selective intarviewing now for persons interested in exclusive live-.fi companion positions. AN 

 to si hora 
Mtobfehad ond coerdi ated by a registered nurse with a comprehensive home health cars pion. Excellent wages paid by us weakly. Insurance cmd bonding 
— ding nduded. Room and board with ample off time. 

Medical experience desirable, but net required. Appointments ar­ ranged following review or resuma. 
Mail ar delver resvme to: 
N u rse fin d ers 
1.2264133 
73o N. Mato 

RI IR N C 

INTERNATIONAL 

SiCUHTY SERVICE INC. 
Now Hiring Security Officers 

Must Be In Good Health 

•Con Stand Thorough Background 

(heck 

CALI 349-1oo1 For 

Appointment 

APARTMENT 
MANAGER 

For 7o unit c om pl ex . 

M ar rie d, over 3o. No 

 children, no pets. 

3 4 9 - 8 o 6 5 . 

ROUTE 
MANAGER 
ABC LINEN 
SERVICE 
43o3 W, 
COMMERCE 

EXPERIENCED API 
HUSBAND and WIFE 
MANAGEMENT TEAM 

 j Bilingual 
‘ preferred to J 
(manage auf of town com- 
Iplex, for large monage- iment firm. Salary, free] 
(opt. and fringe benefits. 
341-7181 

COMPANY EXPANSION 

INm 
4 2o -2 5 tra in e e s In the 
Sen 
Antonio a re a . 
G round opportunity in tho air treatm ent field . 
N o e x ­ perience n ecessary, rapid advancem ent, com pony training e IC year* o r e v e r e I y r. residence in the San 
Antonio a re a 

 e Newt p ersonal ap pe aran ce 
. fo r Interview call Personnel, 
I, AAen.-f ri. 4 :3 o -4 pm 
3 4 2 - 5 2 2 6 

H e l p w a n t e d immediate openings for farm lobar, no ex­ coriate# required! 
For mare Information call I- 
393-3161 or apply in person to: 
Gr«en V a lle y 
N urseries, Inc. 
. 
Farm R C 1 3 o 3 
Floresville, Texas 78114 

| B i 6 
B 
B 
B 
| 
• 
INVENTORY • 

HELP 
NEEDED 

 r n 
I 

 t Day Only. Sunday Hoy 
1st. Applications e t boing taken in personnel dept., 
2-4 p.m. Mon.-fri. 
RHODES 
1oO NORTH {TAI MAU 

 a m u 

APARTMENT 
HOUSE 
CARRIERS 
N.W. 1oo*41o 

Wert 3.-oo AAL Ie britt AAL 
$175 to $25o Per Mo. 
Mf MBHtfribW M MUM (IMF* 
Col IMO AAL ta 2.-oo PJL 
225-7411, Ext. 112 or 678-1467 
6iM PJL IR BMO PJL 

T R A lk lH O 

Starting se tory *7oo * I, is# q rn en to gigs Benue, extensive 3 year training program with year elk fiempe 

Rxpor- 

 yeor elk oemggay, oxeoi refire ment, group Insurance heaeltulUotfen benefit*. Bx tone, nut required. Far personal interview, ceti between 19 am ond l l neon! ar I nm-! nm, ask tor Art 
MCC 
*99-9914 auiev ar 
George 
Zenker 

 ixperienitek Trim carpenter' 

 b x f b r ib n c C d ? 1 n ito b sm ekerLagply Tb.1l, HU 
■jato* 

(nee 
Hsikg 

 item 

A D l l ’""? i mb ‘TI T b f h 6 h b a l b s * Lecattene awellebto. 
SALB*-] Lecattene ay allah 
^ > J i h!?S ^ dr’tJbT f Ur h it u r b d r i v b r 
Bunk year future with our yeung enk growing cemnnny. Must bs experltncek end familiar with 
San Antonia gran. A ll Company hun sms. 
Furniture Cerperetten et 
America, 4741 Dodge Si. *54-4o35, equal opportunity emptoyer. t i 

Wonnick. Ne experience needed. ny benefits, growing Arm. 
Company benefits, brewing firm 
S a g 
, 
G d LD H N A h P d R T U N lY Y , For ambltteus peenie. *11,999 part tim* Appointment from resume 
— 
^■Wrfte Bxeress Hews! 
^ 
4J B 
HANDM F * * laMNTfM IMIMMNMRMNlt fin n IS lode- lee Mr a deseed**# M M d y a i fe7 Ieee owrse e e t f itM R t eed 
B.MPP«»t»«B6 - Caefet* J if f 
UQVWVM wPw'Wt^A* . 
, 
;_ ja fc 
M&BJT .... 
I* 2*5-1 66* 

IfWWV 6 • » m n 6 66 4 6 6 sTSTito 
I CLEANING j 

INSIDE AND OUTSIDE OF 
* 
NEW HOMES i 

Apply 4 8 o o 

FREDERICKSBURG RD. 

^CUSTOMER SERVICE: 
• BETWEEN 8-1o AM : 

 m u m m a t t s s a a a s a 

Full time must be neat in appearance, apply in person only, 
IO arn-* pm, ne phene calls, 9735 
Interstate 35 North.. ctormwrmiM 

Supervise ll kids, S day wk 
1333 SW Military 933-2711 Job 
Expert* inc Placem ent Service 

HoUSEFA8EJKTS 
Excellent benefit* 4-salary. 
Llve-ln positions far couplet. 
Rewording work- Far Interview appt coll Mr* Elk Ins 653-12*2 
House parent or couple for hon- 
OI co peed adults, car necsssory, 
COW U *-*249 or 4*4-7321. 

 win zlskVlocamohts Bm tea v 
924-R227 Jab F 
SS if e r S i 

Ii upl alerta 
I i 

JANITOR HBEDBD, part hme, axe. neeessoory. Apply 5ooo HW 
Industrial 
Dr. 
5-5 
Men-Fri. 
4*4-74oo. ii YaD IBS H B E O S D , 3 Hour* kaiiv, 5 day week, if s . stanley 
Heme Products inc., 333 34QQ 
UM I PMT TIME rested in pnrt 
Interested in pnrt time employment? Experience not es­ sential. will train. Automobile ond telephone necessary. Call far in- tsrvlaw 233-333o 
_____ 
ADIBS to work from then horns*. Excellent opportunity. 
LUZIER Cosmetic*. 341 *272 
LAHOSCAFE 
WORKERS 
WANTED 
Apply af Texts Landscape Nor tory. MIO Wauonwheel. (24-4375 ding fe ability 
Steojxaccora 
Maintenance man with large rtmerfl complex. Plumbing, r 
J and heating exptrience fsentlal. Lecql references 
Apt torn. Apply UA 

I G M fer Horthside Gift 
She*, must he oxperfeneed in Re­ tail Sales. Some knowledse et an- ttcuas hateful- Coli Mr. Brenner at 

Manager Trainees re learn exciT tog now business with National 
FirtsvC OH *5*4444, 
--------- 

ABB 
2 LINES 
IO DAYS 
W M W 
NOH COMMERCIAL! A 
A 
S cancellable jm 
J b rn * 
QUICK RESULTS! 

Son Antonio EXPR6SS-NEWS— Sunday April I 7, I 977 
Poge 21 -C 

7o2-726- E9BE18M-SPo8TSCARS17o2 /26 FOROgjy SPORTSCARS HS • PORSCHf 

M a tu re p e rro n fo r e s ta b lis h e d sandw ich route acing out of town 
T r a n s p o rta tio n fu r n is h e d . No 
'Phone C oils! A pply 3613 S. Presa. 

MILITARY TW This 
P a rttim e positions m r N orthside re ta il sores. Som e re ta il e x p e r­ ience preferred. P olyg rap h exam required. Age over 21 p referred . 
Apply in person: D on’s and Ben’s, 
6oo3 W est Ave at Loop tip . 
N E A p a rtm e n t P ro p e rty needs 
A S S IS T A N T M A N A G E R G ood sa la ry plus apt. 
Som e exp required. 
A P A R T M E N T JO B S O F S A 
828-9196 
E m ploym ent Consultants 
Need extra m oney doing a fun lob or hove a free facial. C a ll Totsv 
635-8451. 

NEED 2o HOUSEWIVES 
4 hours, 4 days or 4 eves p e r week fo r 8 shows. Show Beeline E x c lu ­ sive Cine of Fashions. M ake profit on e ve ry show plus MOO sam ple w ardrobe at no cost. C a r neces- so ry, 21 6 . C oll for cop t 226-23o3 
Need 4 tru ck stop attendants se r­ vice men night shift, 5 day week, m ature, w illin g w orke r, p e rm a n ­ ent lob, Texaco T ru ck Center Gas 
A E a t T r u c k S top . S t a r t $66o m onth, a ll a p p lica tio n s to: A .J 
Plo ch O il Ca., Inc. 5747 D ie trich 
Rd. No phone ca lls p le a se _______ 
P a rt lim e w eekends fem ale help w an ted g am e ro o m a tte n d a n t 
Apply G oldm ine C en tral 
P ark 
M all. 

PATROLMEN a p p ly in person 4414 C e n terview 
Suite 16o between Ioom -4p m __ 
P H O N E S O LIC IT O R S , best deal I in town, call for interview after 12 
- 734-7257 ask for Ann. 
| 

P L E A S A N T telephone w ork from I our Northside office, fu ll and part ! tim e. Good pay. 734-8343.__________’ 

PROOF CONSULTANT 
W a n t m a tu re, h a rd w o rk in g In­ dividual. Neat appearance, m ust i m eet people well. Incentive plan, I 
4o hour week, 3 eve n in g s. Olon 
M ills P o rira it Studio 828-6175 for I appt. 
I 
$69o Route Drivers $12oo 
Natl. Co. tra in s for future* Need 
5t John Ham pton 923 436o Jobs I 
South Placem ent Service 413 SW 
M ilita ry 
! 
Shoklee N atural V itam in s, spare j tim e soles business. 684-456o 
SHARP H O M EM A K ER 
Party Plan People 
Experienced W orking w ith Other j 
W o m e n ? ? ? H ire , t r a in p e o p le j 
♦rom home 6 m onths of year. Ab solutely no Investm ent T rain in g provided. Con also m anage retail j 
C h irstm q s Store, Nov. Dec C o li I 
June Collect 816-763-7272 
TO YS A N D G IF T S 
H O U SE O F L L O Y D 
| 

S M p g M e ce M iig Clerk 
9 3o-f:5o, some heavy liftin g E x ­ cellen t benefits. A p p ly in person to M r. N orris 
M E N G E R S M A R T S H O P 
North Star M ail 

END OF YEAR SALES ON ALL NEW 
1976 PEUGEOT—-GAS AND DIESEL 
ENGINE SEDANS AND STATION W AGONS. 
SOLD AT PORT OF ENTRY PRICES!! 
SAVE $$$ 

Off Suggested Retail 
Price on any new 
1976 Peugeot. 

1,ooo's of Jobs- 1oo’s of c h o k e s 
Q ualify now, earn and learn 
G O A R M Y 222 8812 or 653-o892 
Students and teenagers wanted to s e ll flo w e rs on s tre e t c o rn e rs a fte r school and w eekends. E x ­ cellent earnings and bonuses, no experience necessary-w iii train. 
661-3oS9._________________________ 
T E R M I N A L 
O P E R A T O R 
T R A IN E E $2.4o h r eager beaver ready to earn. F re d 732-2191, 25o1 
W est Ave. Jo b s N o rth Inc. P e r ­ sonnel Consultants. 

THE COMMAND PERFORMANCE CAR 
KNOW 
PERFORMING ATA NEW PLACE. 
OUR PLACE. 

REGISTER FOR 

FREE 
“ TEDDY R” PRESIDENT 4o Channel CB! 

TO BE GIVEN AWAY APRIL 3oth!. . . 

No Purchase Necessary — Need Not be Present to Win 
MISSION CITY IMPORTS inc. 
MERCEDES-BENZ • SAAB 
AUTHORIZED SALES AND SERVICE 
LEASING AVAILABLE 
382o SAN PEDRO 
736-2243 

< v | 
»v > 
...... I M P I 

_ L 
‘ 
" ’ 
. 
----- 

-: ....<•-•;;>. 

Peugeot 5o4 SI 
Gas Soudan*. 

P e u g e o t 5 o 4 
D iesel S e d a n * . 

P e u g o t 5 o 4 
D ie se l W a g o n * . 
W e 'v e cut the price on e v e ry 1976 
Peugeot on our lo* to m ake w a y for 
♦ho incoming 1977 m odels. 
So com e on dow n fo r tho bes* 
Peugeo* d eal e v e r. 
Bu* hurry. 
Quantities are lim ited and this o ffer expires M a y 3 1 , 1977. 
•Rebate from P.O.E. Price. Does No* 
Include Air Conditioning or Radio. 
BROUGHTON MOTORS 
213o AUSTIN HWY. • 655-o241 

5o MPG 
$2,999* 

N A S T R I 

$15o-516o to start 
D is p e n s e r T r a in in g p o s itio n , sh arp d resser-high school grad. 
924-4481 U n ited P e rs o n n e l Con- sultonts 666-C S.W. M ilita ry Dr. 
I 
W A N T E R : C le a n cu t m e c h a n ic I for New C o r D ealership. Top pay j available. A pply in person. House 1 
A u to , a sk fo r M o c k o r E lm e r 
House 1-786-2583. 

W A N T E D , E X P . M A N A G E R 
F O R C O U N T R Y C L U B IN 
T H E SAN A N T O N IO A R E A . 
R E T U R N R E S U M E T O E X ­ 
P R E S S B O X 3294 

WANTED 
T ir e c h a n g e r. F u ll tim e w o rk , m u st have own tra n s p o rta tio n , and neat appearance. 681-153o. 
W A R E H O U S E R e ce ivin g and In ventory C lerk. E x p e rie n ce neces­ sa ry . Start $2.5o hr. w ith o p p o r­ tunity for advancem ent. A p p ly in 
P e rso n , H O P E M E D I C A L S U P - 
P L Y , 1116 E. Houston, 226-1486 

WEA! HAS 19 

PART TIME oPENIN6S 
$3.75 P E R H O U R 
C A L L 341-22o5 
W eekend lob a vailab le for boy or g irl, 17 yrs or over w ith car. A p ­ ply, 4488 F re d e rick sb u rg Rd. 

WE KAVE POSITIONS 

OPEN FOR in d iv id u a ls to sta rt Im m ediately 
In p e rm a n e n t, f u ll tim e jo b s. 
E xce lle n t w orking conditions. No e xp e rie n ce n e ce ssa ry . $18o per w eek, if qualified. F o r a p p ’t call 
653-7451. 
_ _ _ _ _ 

WELCOME 

W om an needed fo operate estab­ lish e d W elcom e S e rv ic e . A d v e r­ t is in g 
S a le s 
E x p e r ie n c e p re fe r r e d . E x c e lle n t F u tu re . 
M u st Have C r. C a ll N ita Snipes, 
342-4291 o fter 6P M . Su nday and 
Th ru Thursday 21st._____________ 

MIW 1977 VOLKSWAGEN 

 r a b b i t — 
17o1 

" k r c ^ . 

% 
O 
' 

 for only 
*89ls*m. 

•$89 34 for 48 m onths with approved credit, cash selling pr -c $3599, with $3oo rash Or trade down. APR 
13 51. Do ferred price $ 4 5 8 8 32. State tax. title, fees & license e x­ cluded 

USED CAR 
SPECIALS 

51895 
*1795 
*2895 
*5495 
*6995 
*1995 
*2895 
*2395 
*2595 
*2495 
*2595 
*2o95 

'7 4 SU BARU 
W ag on ................................. 
'73 SU BARU 
Sedon ...................... 
'75 VW 
“ La G ra n d " Bug ..... 
'7 5 VW C am per 
FopTop (2) ................ 
'7 6 BM W 
2oo2 .......................... 
74 H O R N E T H a tc h 
Back A u tom atic Air . 
'75 VW 
R a b b it........................ 
'73 VW fastback A ir ............. 
'74 VW 
G ather W agon ........ 
'7 4 T O Y O T A Corona 
Autom atic, A ir ......... 
'7 6 PINTO 2 dr., 
4 s p e e d 
.......... 
'7 3 C H E V Y N ova 
Standard. A ir ........ 

 s t e m s ' 
G O H S 4 
M S B * * 
COUPES 

4-W heel Drive W agon 
1977 SUBARU 

$ 3 2 2 o 

Std. SEDAN p lus tax, title & lie. 
NORTH LOOP VOLKSWAGEN 
(to 
SUBARU & BMW 
4623 Fredericksburg Rd. 732-7121 

A e r o * * f r o m W o n d e r l a n d o f F r e d e r ic k s b u r g R d . 

SC/Mi 

SUBARU ONE 
Of THE EAST- 
EST SELLING 
IMPORTS STA- 
T I o N W A 
HONDA CVCC 

Honda is the tar and Mission is the plate, lf you want a fine, tomfortable Bionomy tor, Hondo is for you. And the best price and service is at Mission. Drive out soon. 
•P LU S $2oo FREIGHT 
SAN ANTONIO’S LARGEST VW-HoNDA DEALER 
MISSION 

HONDA/VOLKSWAGEN 
13oo S i. MILITARY DR 
924-6521 

624-SITUATIONS WMTED 

F e m a le , 28, B B A , to m e exp - secretariai-acct. 
-trust occtg. 
654-o311 
G u itarist, sings Country and W es­ tern, Oldies and H ym ns, Lonely, no co r. W ould lik e to ha ve any m u sicians for our own en tertain ­ ment. 923-oo54. 
________ 
IF You Need Y o u r O ffice, Apt. or 
H om e C le a n e d . C A L L U S. A lso interior painting and y a rd w ork. 
433-278o. 
IN F A N T C A R E IfJ M Y H O m |7 
H a rry W u rzboeh -R ittlm an Area. 
822-o761.________________________ 
I would Uke y a rd w ork fo r I day a week in exchange for rent. Lau re l 
Hgts-Olm os P o rk are a . 735-5386, 
534-5958 ofter 7pm. 
L a 6 y w o n ts c le a n in g lo b on 
M o n d o v i only. 8 hrs. N o ironing. 
Ref. 532-8188. 
L A D Y wonts d ays w ork, steady, 3 days a week. C a ll 223-563o. 
R E G I S T E R E D C H I L D C A R E in m y home, e xp e rie n ce d , close to 
M edical com plex. 484-6721 ■ 
622-DOMESTIC 

R E LIA B L E 
C O U P L E 

Experienced coak, housekeeper, gardener, caretaker. Furnished house and utilities. Good salary. 
References necessary, near Ker­ rville. Reply to: 

EXPRESS-NEWS 
BOX 7798 
I San Antonio, TX 78297 

F u ll Tim e M aid to clean new arn, used m obile hom es. C a ll fo r ap­ pointment, 655-o261. 

 j Reliable, dependable lady wants 5 j hoi* days, ra rin g tor e ld erly, lite cooking, hskpg. 224-o225. 
W oman wants w ork takin g C are of Elderly, S days a week, Have 
! transportation. C oll 226-672$. 

7o1 AMTIOUES COUECTORS 

’67 C adillac Lim ousine, ve ry good condition. $255o 653-98oo 
29 C h e v ro le t c o m p le te , 4-door sedan 58oo. 673-1o28 675 233o 
■4o C h evy C ou p e, lik e new , by second owner, 
53,ooo 
Arm . 
67 5-6434 
___________ 
1951 C h e v y D e lu x e H a r d to p . 
Needs eng. w ork. Com plete. R es­ torable. $25o. 
W kdays 5 p.m . 
6336587. 
5o C h e v y D e lu x e , e x tr a good. 
51256, 533-9*97, 649-1456 

H A N D Y M A N and wife to live on ran ch between San A ntonio and 
A ustin . C o re of som e liv e sto ck , p o in tin g , m ow ing, re p a irs . N ot n ecessary to speak E n g lish . No children. M ust be in good health. 
S a la ry plus livin g quarters. W rite to: M rs. Jonie M ille r, 6oo Lincoln 
Lib erty Life Bide 
Houston, T X 
77Qo2 
____ 
H O U S E K E E P E R w a n te d to r fam ily with J children, llve-in, pay reasonable, 821-8738 otter 5:oo pm.______ 
L A D Y to llve-in, core tor elderly! 
L ite Housekeeping 655-9412______ 
L ig h t H o u se k e e p e r fo r e d le riy wom an. 5 day week. M u st hove o w n t r a n s p o r t a t io n . 344-3414 
<8:3o-4:3o d a lly ), 826-3269 eves and weekends. 
L i o ld 

SS C H E V Y P ic k u p < 68. 327 an ­ ear tires, in u f <!> aine) M ags, good G oodyear tires, new p a in t,*51395. S a b i 
988-2976 eves. weekends. 
‘ 45 C O R V A I R £ o r s a . T u rb o - charged. 4 speed, odl steerin g , w ire wheel covers, new exhaust, battery, radials. A steal at 595o. 
653 2121. 
_ _ _ _ _ _ 
’54 C o rv e tte , c o m p le te r e s to ra ­ tion O rig in a l 6 CVI. w ith trip le carburetion W hite lacqu er exter­ ior, red interio. C o r show winner. 
$12,ooo C all 656-2829 
34 Dodge Vt ton pickup, V-8, auto, cute little tov, $28oo or best offer 
433-2644 , 432-?>66. 
1914 Ford Speedster with tra ile r. 
732-8771 
66 M IN I C O O P E R 
Good condition. 735-1567. 
•29 Model A 2dr Sedan, m ust sec to appreciate $3,ooo 656-712? 
7 V M odel A ’ i ton picku p? Ju st 
- — 
: ... i ... 
■ 
— 
—---------— restored. $1o,5o6 firm . 658-6563. 

 a® m u s M ra v e t" caM t o & M R ! ^ "M o d e ! T chassis. C i n B O T a, m u st tro v « i, c a i i .betw een rebu i(t SePioU$ in q u irie s o n ly. 
69o 1454 after 5. tOom-noon ?7S-3?H ext 114. 
L iv e -in m atu re b a b y sitte r fo r 6 ye ar old boy coll 828-1834_______ 
M iddle age com panion for elderly lady. Live-in, light housew ork. 
824-8177 
N eed o cc a sio n a lly , w om an w ith own transportation to toke core of c h ild r e n o f w o r k in g p a re n ts . 
653-9546, after 6 pm 
R e lia b le , lite h o u s e k e e p in g , b a b y - s it t in g . 
O w n c o r . 
IHIO-Caliaghon. 
$16o m o 
7-6. 
341-9359 

624 ■ SITUATIONS BANTU) 

OCHIAI HYSIENlST 

Seeks employment 

 in San Antonio area 

P.O.Box 2431 foil Mwr8.fl 339o? y o n is do 

’ok M u s ta n g . ?**, a u to ., a ir , p o w e r. Im m a c u la te , c a r e fu lly m aintained. 52ooo. 4*2-1563. 
57 N om ad, n ? a u to m a tic, new point and upholstery, 525oo F irm 
475-o434 
S O U T H C E N T R A L SW A P M E E T 
A p ril 28-Moy I 
Hosted by 16 Texas Antique C a r 
Clubs W orlds second largest<club sp o n so re d A n tiq u e C a r P a r t s 
Swap Meet. 974 spaces rented last ye ar Located 14 m iles South of 
Fort W orth at the Pate M useum of 
T ransportation on H w y 377. Fo r info w rite: U S K en ilw o rth Glen, 
VictoriQ Tx 779o1 

I M 
W 
LARGEST 
NEW & USED VOLKSWAGENS 
& HONDAS IN SAN ANTONIO 
+**USED CAR SPECIALS*** 
IT MONTH OU 12ooo MIU MICHANIU1INSUMNC! AVAIL­ 
ABLE ON MOST USIH CAUS IUoM MoIoUS INSURANCE CORP. 

.I????.4.. *2995 

7 6 y 
* 
W 
! l ^ p y 
' : r 
$ 3 5 9 5 
7 6 PlYMOUTJt V O U R I S 
* rwtthCo^ vinyl tog, 6 cylinder, automatic transmission, air conditioned. AM -FM radio, white sidewalls, A $ ^ 2 9 5 

76 VW BEETLE 
‘3595 
76 PINTO SQUIRE WAGON speed, air conditioning, radio white side walls, s o I O C top rack, sport w h e e ls 
........................... t i I T X 
75 DODGE PICKUP die, !aw m ileage, very $3395 

75 SCIROCCO I'in/fM*OST?n 1 worron^!’!?!^.'. *4o95 
75 VW CAMPMOBIIE POP TOP 4 speed, IC T O C air conditioning, ra d io ....................................•••■ 
J r 7 J 
75 VW BEETLE f o X X . " 1: 
. 
' 
.7695 
7 4 MOB CONVERTIBLE T spev honed, 8 track. 26,ooo miles. A 
C A I 
7 4 SUPER BEETLE conditioned, 
1oX1oo miles 

 ango, * cylinder, speed, oir cond!- 
* Rf ALLY C U A N $ £ 5 9 5 

Gold, 4 speed, AM /FM , air sun ro o t, $2 ^ 9 5 

74 BUICK CENTURY LUXUS 
Landau vinyl top, VS automatic transmission, pow er steering, power brakes, radio, oir con- $Q 7 Q C dihoned, white side wail* 
............. 
• <3 / 7 J 
7 3 EL CAMINO SS mission, power steering, pow er brakes, air con- 5 Q A Q C ditioned/A M /FM , new wide ovals, mags . . . . . . . O U T J 
Brow n, 4 speed, 
$ 1895 
7 3 HONDA aVIC HATCHBACK 
__ air c g a o m o r ^ . ^ . . ^ . y . 

T S P g N T I A ^ G R ^ D ^ C O J [ J V | f t T I B l E 

 iring, power radio, white windows, doors and 

 transmission, power steer 

 sidew alls, p ow e r trunk, tilt w h e e l. . 

72 DODGE V? TON PICKUP standard i i J f t f transmission, air conditioned, ro d io ....................... I » T J 
7 1 VOLKSWAGEN SUPER BEETLE ^ .< * 4$ cor rad io, red ial t i r e s ........................ .’ . .......................... 
1 3 7 3 
VO VOLKSWAGEN BEETLE air conditioned .*115o 
68 DODGE CORONET SEDAN automatic transmission, power steering, power brakes, oir conditioned, radio, white sidewalls. TRANS- $ G O C 
PORTATION S P tC IA t.................................................. 7 7 3 
D O N ’T MISS OU R LO W N EW CAR PRICES! 
MISSION voS 
EN/ 
13oo S.I. Military Dr. (Next to Mission Chevrolet) 
G M A C FINAN CING 
. . . . 
MIC INSURANCE 
924-6521 
B u i I i n n 
■ ■ ■ h i m i n i m 

 vs. 

7o2 726 - FIIKI8II8PB8TJC4BS 

N E W 1977 SCO UTS 
4 W H E E L D R IV E 
U P TO $158o O F F 
W INDOW S T IC K E R P R IC E ! 
P A R K T E N V O LV O -SC O U T 
132 B A L C O N E S N O R T H 733-?143 

D e p e n d a b le L a d y w o n ts d a ve w ork. Hove ref., car. 661-7449.___ 
E ld e r ly L a d y w o n ts lo b a s 
N urse s Aide. I o r 2 days. 8 yrs. on last (ob- C all 534-9853 
E n velope a d dre ssin g, in v o icin g , typing, IO K e y, any G e n e ra l O f­ fice,from m y home- $33-545.5. 
E xp e rie n c e d m a le w ill be rom - pomon to refired person 453-7945 

7o3 ALF A ROMEO 

71 A L F A S P ID E R 
Mint, $34oo. 658-8436 eves. 

7o4 MIDI 

74 Audi IOO LS, a ir. stereo lope, 4 excellent condition. $3995. speed, e; 
656-3624. 
■■ in t nt v z y t w ’w r w r 
CAU 2 25-1666 

1977 MAZDA 8o8 STATION WAGON 

STANDARD MATURES. 
Reclining Bucket Seats, Tinted 
Glass, Carpeting, Rear 
Window Defroster, Power 
Assisted Front Disc Brakes, 
THESE ART JUST A ffW OF 
STANDARD FEATURES THAT COM! 
WITH IHF MAZDA. THERE IS A 
WHoU LOT MORE... 
5 Speed Transmission 

EPA: 
35 HWY. 
23 City 
COME AND TEST DRIVE THI 8o8 
WAGON or 4 DOOR SEDAN 

TOM BENSON IMPORTS, INC. 
9 5 o o San Pe d ro 
3 4 1 - 1 3 5 6 

7o4-ADDI 

1*73 A ydi IDOLS. 4-deor, 4-soeod. 
A ir, A M -F M , rad ials. 42,ooo milers. 
S2495-349-4937 
ON A WANT AD 
THC NUMSIB TO C A U 
15 225-16oo 
I y e t i ss AND k i w i 

’i* A ustin A m e ric a n ? d r, auto, excel, con d., 31,6oo m iles, 57*5. 
349-9213 o r 349-45*1. Ask for M r. 
Thom as._________________________ 
IN THI ik P B fS t News 
C A U 22$. 1666 

B M W 2oo2. ’72, a ir, om -fm , sun­ roof, low m iles, w ellloved. $3795, 
B ria n 124-9669, 6534196 _________ 
7 6 B M W 53o I, 4-speed. M e ta lic gray. A M -F M cassette. Fou r mo w arran ty trosnsfers. 
1-443-1588 
< Austin) 
_______ fX P B tis ANO n (w S *~“ 

7o7-CAPRI 

73 C a p ri V 6. 26ooCC’ A s p d - load­ ed. 521oo 922-4o88 923 3341________ 

7o8 CORVETTE 

VEHICLES 
UNLIMITED 
-CORVET^ CENTER— 
77 CORVETTE, 
....................... *1o,5oo 
7 7 CORVETTE, whit*, 
.............................‘94oo 
’77 CORVETTE, rt<, Wait 
............. *1o,3oo 
TS CORVETTE, moreaM, maroon 
............................ ‘765o 
’75 CORVETTE, rod. bio* 
.............................*745o 
’68 CORVETTE, brown, Work 
$385o 
’65 CORVETTE, rood.cr >395o 
’76 TRANS AM,.ihror,rod 
’ 5888 
76 28oZ, 2+ ?'»ii*.r"!'‘699S 
7 6 BUICK skyhook, v& *3888 
77 CAMARO, biuo-wbito 
.......................... *5895 
71 
CUTLASS 
*»«•» tMh vtrllblo, bio*, white 
*289S 
’69 TRIUMPH ms. md, rod 
............................ *1995 

N E E S E 
MOTOR CO. 
Deniers In Quality Automobiles 
7267 WURZBACH o) MSCCX* IO. 
NI AR M iO fC A l CINTI# 
OPEN Mon. thru So*. 9 8 AM. 
699-1333 
699-o294 

USED CAR 
SPECIALS!! 

’ 7 4 L A N O C R U IS E R beige, 4-wheel drive 

* 73 I A N D C R U I S E R bronze 

’ 7 4 C E L IC A yellow, air, 4 speed 

’ 7 4 C E L IC A silver, mog wheels, oir, vinyl fop 

*4195 

*3195 

‘2995 

*3195 

* 7 6 C E L IC A m etallic blue, 
4 speed, air, A M -F M radio, mag $ JI I A f wheels, 12,186 miles 
4 I ifs# 

’ 7 4 C O R O N A Station 
W agon, bronze, automatic 
S O O Q C with air db r J J 

’ 7 3 H I L U X 
Pickup 

’ 7 4 C O R O N A 
Station 
W a g on , silver, c a ir, luggage rack 

‘2195 

Wagon, silver, automatic with S O Q Q C 
•. luqqaqe rack i f 
J mf 

7 5 C E L IC A ST mag w heels, air, vin yl top, strip ­ ing 
*3695 
ALAMO TOYOTA 
514 Loop 41o NE 
(Across from the airport) 
828-o723 

N O R TH W O O D P O R S C H E A U 6 ' 
1234 N E LO O P 416 
834-3214 
■f« Porsche A ir. AM -^ M I t r j c t . 
M lc h e lln tire s - M u s t se e ta be ti eve 1 
$$*oo or pest ofter 
344-o976 
74 Porsche, f l4 i i A M Fwi ie**, 
36,9oo m ile s B la c k on b la c k . 
$489V 915-47VM21; 915-498 298* 
No collect coils 
•66 P o rsch e * i i a p p ro x I M M mi., new enc $31oo $26-46o1______ 
P O R S C H E C A R R E R A 4 A ftfre engine, excellent m ake atte-. 
' 433 3487 
73 Porsche «'< ' ? fl'oodsAer. re d . air, A M F M stereo, 54-5oo m i ■*- cellen* condition $3995 <9* 6374 
175 P o rsch e i i R o o d ffe r. R a d , 
Appearance Group. A M -F M M o r­ ea 8 frock 26X1oo mites, e x c ita n t condition $595o *34-o611; a fter I: 
.M ickey Sm ith. 656-1274. 

 p o r k m S t i T t a 4 g a , i m 
Low ml. new P l rein fires, o h- rpos Ck 
M int cond, i i i JOO. Carpus C h risti. 
, <1)925-2364 ofter 7. 
197o PO R SCH rf t i l t 
828-8576 or 349-8844 

719-PEUGEOT 
_ 
NWRMMMiNRHMM 
P e u g e o t ‘ 64, s u n ro o f, $S6o 
226-6226 d a v M 2 6 « j ^ 

72o SAAB 

7o S A A B 94, extra d e an d n e o Jo kind, 575o 822 956o ____________ 
1973 S a a b S o n e tt III, g o o n condition S35oo 349-3o81_________ 

722 TOYOTA 
A L A M O TO YO T A 
A cross From A irp ort 828-o721 
S24 N E- LO O P 41o 
1976 Cento G T (Im parl co r a) the year), 1o-5o9 m ites beautiful co r. 
494-3759. 
74 C alico d f , if \oeed, m od tflaJ for soeed, new fires, a ir. C B , tope, am-fm stereo, 534o9 4*2-2729. a ir" RmWm 

ROD EAST 
(fo 
VOLKSWAGEN ™ 

N O BETTER C A R 
N O BETTER PLACE TO BUY 
14o2 N.I. Loop 41o 
D A O 
I A A I 
. E x i t e t N o io g d o < h e > 1 4 
O 
A O 
* I 4 
V 
I 

A L L T y p e s -Y e a r m o d e ls C O R ­ 
V E T T E S , p ric e d r e a s o n a b ly . 
O ther sports ears. C all 699-o294 
A L L T y p e s -Y e a r M o d e ls C O R ­ 
V E T T E S . p ric e d r e a s o n a b ly . 
Other Sports ears C all 699-o294 
V E H IC L E S U N LIM IT E D 
7 4 C leon Sp ecial F e r r o n Sh ark 
V olte T-Top, with a ir, outo. etc. 
$689o Corol, 656-2847 
TS Corvette. Green. Looded, C B antenna E x c e lle n t cond. 5735o. 
824-9149, M r. Render 
74 C o rv e tte l-8 2 . C u sto m 
M ust sent 56359. After 5 . 658-4621, ext. 287. 
7 $ C o rv e tte . Loaded. $73oo o r bast offer. 736-4311, 69o-9981. 
7 6 Corvette. Loaded, L-48 e n g T 
14X1oo mi. exce lle n t cond. 5865o 
8244)141, eves 691-1223 
. io R V lE T T E S A lw ays a few good i ones to choose from of the right 
I prices af: 
C LA S S IC C O A C H W O R K 
114o7 San Pedro-344-2o15 

769-DATSUN 

D A T SU N 
B R Y S O N AU TO C E N T E R 
143o P A T B O O K E R 
U N IV E R S A L C IT Y 458 4271 
1973 D a tsu n 41o, 37,ooo m ile s . 
4 speed, air. 515oo-65M633 
7o D A T S U N Wagon; ’69 S lM C A wagon, needs work. 
Cheap, 
333-8152 
___________ _ 
76 Datsun 71o wagon, auto, o ir, 
Stereo. 535oQ. 654-122o. 824-4778. 
73 D atsun 26o I . ' Auto." exceilen f co n d . N e w d is c b ro k e s , s te e l radials. Life shocks, a ir, A M -F M . 
53759. firm 824-o1o9. 
9*8 f 9V. H im , tpwrvtw- 
‘T i O A ts u N 24oZ- h illy eauipoed. 
5339V 9o% financing avallabie. 
224-441o 
71 D atsun J4oZ. Loaded, e x ce l le n t c o n d itio n . 5225o. 
A M : 
926-6o52; aft 3 925-5464 

T i Datsun 25o7 2+ ?Tl4,ooo' m l' like new, 323-3157 822 9533________ 
75 Datsun btOZ 4 sod, iijOOO m l, other o xiro s. $65oo. 349-15o6. 
7$ D A f s llN 28oZ 24-2 Standard transm ission, a ir, A M -F M radio, 8 
Irqck stereo Other e xtra * 24X7oo miles. E xcellen t condition. 5578o. 
653-8o74. 
___________ 
■74, 26o I. Red Low ml. Excellent cond., A M P M , a ir, new rad ia ls. 
$4595 342-4572 
__________ 

>bu don t Hove to surrender com fort and 
I! tifffi it 
(fttkYi (}t th ipj’. jx'ftip si rn va V 'It'sivn ^7t %«5f> yt Ht tiff rn uffKiivl 
T’tr 
AVV.! St lf I R f IxHh q. it IJT 
I PA fstimoff <j JQ tri)*! 
Iiwv 
IkrJhft 
V iTijyi IvAy ‘t i tit, Ai 
. 
MQy v#tJfV tit’pHVf' 
|A(| ftfi type <>l ny %< * 
«*tfr 
) « fluf'V) ♦ 
Ihm» should hr hrW f*t O 
I Of f'Ttly’f TH* 
Robh.f tfivs C it) Si) tn f •%» 
8 7 st •» * »f.«K St ii iv to i r / h 
A«y< Dasftf t .fi8n 
Vs shtjnld hr tot# 
(rriot'f* N ’» t’^'i * ■» S'* 

 perform ance 

 to get great 

 m ileage. 

1)7 s.I thr t.v.m iii Itv koob ' m txvsA’ un,! 
I 'TOO r- o*d i "I/ 13- 
I" 
(he unit fin vr 
VQ." IX*. folio in IYlslVf iv 36 IX in V hoi ,,» 
R3 I* 
Ourenginerivr.aft, i'm, 
Hi with ihpir fivNrt tughMj./ pfijjiom Af) v a \AV\ hove f(Jf k C'wl 
(»nK$nvl*i*finQ Ironl win, I i$tw Ond Limiy* fixji nab 
Hnvignv t<i» vu pffny henx: .nj 
So ii yi«l if- lift'd ii l».)li 
.(IT. pi ii c . tail ti' 'n I Itki 
•(imprtl vpOft1 ocd pu» 
(I'ltivmaiXf w viggnvt y* iii (Int your lil!}i: d|tW«f 
(Vi t'» jm (nlu! i-I a ivw g 
V Ii ... iyn 

 ho 
Aithoi. jti Oil cl the- flew Vi’S 
* f o 3'no< mony I'fyj.nta-r iftj li-u'u't". inuvnmun rod’ (Of has iivown individual i» tw aii'y 

76 C E L IC A 
5419V 6764564___________________ 
76 Corolla SR J fiffto ck . ix * 4 m l .' a ir, A M -F M . 535oo. M r. Bow en 
671 7236 after 4 
7o Coroaa, 4 door . e*,io- a!r,' *VST 
432 2644 ; 432-264o 
72 C O R O N A M A flK ti w e g a n . 
46X5oo a cT u ral m l. B x t r o n ic e am-fm. air, outo. 459-1948 
IF YO O C A N B U V i $ E T T E ST 
B U IL T S M A L L G A B T H AM A T 
D R Y E R T O Y O T A 
B U Y IT 
76 S ilv e r fcelieo L iftb o c k . A ir , 
A M F M stereo s y v m ag wtNMfs 
R egular gas E xce iie n t' 656-1933 
74 Super C a ik a d f . H ig h com o retsion head, % com , heeders, 
Fires, tape, a ir, 3o m pg 19,ooo m ile* $269$ 492-272o 
7 5 Toyota C e lic a O Y , 5 m o d , om -fm stereo, air. excellen t co n ­ dition. 655-3316 after J pm. 

7 4 T O Y O T A C o r o lla W a g o n 
Toke over paym ents, no eq u ity. coll Credit M anager, $44-4949 

74 TOYOTA COSOM 
Station 
Wagon 
4 speed, a ir cenditonad ........ 
M 49I 
JA M IS O N M iry Seguin 223-52o1 
74 ToyoFa L o a d c ru is a r. 4 w h l d rive, lookout hubs, 32X1oo m iles. 
Reel good shape 
P earso n : 
1-334-287? 

 t o y o t a o f s a m A n t o n i o 
17o3 S E. M IL IT A R Y D R IV E 
924-9451 
______ _ 

TOYOTA OF SEGUIN 
Open eves HI 9 
Toll Free: 224-4183 
78-THIMM 

A L A AM) S P O R T S C A R S 
Authorized Soles and S e rvice 
Trium ph-Alta Rom eo 
3111 B R O A D W A Y 828 5511 

F I E S T A S A L E 
71 V E G A G T, w as 5125o .$1o95. 
69 
F A IR L A N E 
F B w as 
1119$................................... 51o9$ 
71 KINO SW O O D was $139$ $125o 
< 7 o C A M A R O , was 51695 ... 51495 
L Y N C H M O T O R S 
111) B R O A D W A Y 
233-1S49 

NEW CAR SHOWROOM 
OPEN 9 A.M.-9 P.M. 
SEE THE ALL 
NEW *77 VOLKSWAGENS 
3 Year/SO/OOO Mile 
Warranty Available 
USED VOLKSWAGENS 
76 VW BUS automatic, a k,ra d io , one o w n e r.... *5895 
75 VW RABBIT J K S S K W I m .....*2995 
74 VW SUPER air, d e a n 
*2595 
3-74 VWS Air and radio...........................................*2495 
74 MAZDA Wagon, looded, 23!ooo miles ........* 1995 
74 VW BU$ I -passenger, standard, radio........... ‘3895 

7 3 TOYOTA « 
? ’................... '.;««#§ 
72 VW Standard, extra dean, low m ile ag a ............ ‘ 1975 

72 VW SUPER Standard, dean, oir....................... ‘ 1595 
SPECIAL 74 VW SUPER 
...... ‘ 1995 

O v e r 1oO n e w A u s e d cor# In sto ck 
SERVICE OPEN 7 to 6 
PARTS OPEN SAT. ALL DAY 

72 rfU irnph 6 t-4 M o r i HI LOW m ileaa*, extra cteon. $169$. 9o% hnofKifty nvoilobt* 726-441o 
69 Triumph a f i - f 39^oo m iles. 

 bord , rag tap* I 
J 3 1 1 rkim p h T oaf, A M I 

•T A O , « R . am f T T ^ T r a * . 
Mew oag . mc 
TR P. N ew M f . ll roof. A m r a * o-trock 5 k . b lu e . 
Beouflfult $43*i 736-753o. 
724 VOUfSWAfiflM 

B U G S 111 
F R O M ’66 thru 77 
C A L L B IL L : 824-442o 

12." 
. I g - . h il 
I S I L L V W S 
M od els from '46-*77. C e ll: F r e d 
V 2 i3 S 2 L lit I H L 
7o K o rm o n n O h io C o n v e rtib le . 
• xce lle n l condition, now engine. re b u ilt tran sm issio n , fm ste re o 
874-1374 after 6pm 

N O R T H LO O P V O L K S W A G E N 
732-7121 

14o2 N .S . L O O F 41o 
82o-12o1 
7 4 iU P E R K H T L O t t - i t a . low m Oeoge. 5297 5. A fls r I p att : 

Toke auge f g yiw w f>''’to RobhRT 
No equltv. C oll 824XW18 eau to r 
Fred, ofter 7 : 922-m> 

TAKE (IP PAYMENT! 
T i VW U k e now, 4M ofnd« a, eyrefleiTt cand 73$-8$63 
RIT, 

19/4 26oZ, 4 speed, light blue, ex­ cellent condition, $415o 824-5o82 qtfet 6pm._______________________ 

L o n e S t o r v o lk s w a g e n 

33o3 Broadway - 8 2 4 - 7 3 1 1 

VOLKSIASBI 
P orts-Service Cor: 
655-1131 

71o- FIAT 

■68 F lat 124 Sport Low m iles, new o a ln t, to p 
M u s t s e ll! 512oo. 
337-7493 after 4:3o. 
Ii F I A T 124 S P Y D E R 1o,ooo m ile s, A M - F M stereo c a s se tte deck, luggage rack, w ire wheels, e x c e lle n t C o n d itio n . 224-5854 days; 
828-854o nights and weekends. 
7 ? F IA T 128 S T AT IO N W A G O N 
565o 33X152 
_________________ 
1971, 124 Spyder. Luggage rock. 
A M F M 8 tra c k . C B . H a rd to p . 
8XW UttfU^^n^ltloni^H^453^79^ 

73 H O N D A CIVIC 4 speed hatch back. 117oo. 684-4494 
1975 H o n d a C V C C ." b o o d g a s m ih age. $225o. 333-6285; 223-6444 
75 H O N D A C V C C s ilv e r w ith b la ck in te rio r, econ om ic, 522oo. 
6911121 or 695-3494. 
75 Honda Wagon. 4-spd., a ir, lug - gage ra c k . Low m ileag e, e x tra clean. $285o. 533-337o. 

THE GAS SAVERS! 

’ T A M A D U l l 4 ^oor automatic, air, 
/O lf!AKR I! power steering & power brakes, s t e r e o ................................................. 

 t t y m i r k r > r ,lft b acl‘ ' 
5-speed, 
J J C H I L A U l automatic, A M /FM ste­ reo, reduced to ......................................... 
/'D C A A I IAI au,onKltic’ rad'O, low w K C lflL I N mileage, extra clean ......... 
/ A K A I a a automatic, air & 
COROLLA radio, C B ........................... 
74 
76 
75 COMET t S S f f t iS . * . 1o? : ? ' . 
74 
74 
73 

712 JAGUAR 

Jagu ar XJ-6, 74. A ll power, am- fm stereo, blue with red interior. 
E xcellen t condition. 
583oo. 
696 23J9. j 
I‘74 Ja g u a r X J U L . low m ileage, excellent cond. 585oo. 
453-o879 i 454-1441 
: 
J A G X K K . 71. 4 evil, new engineT tires Uke new. 435-7739 eves. ___ 
64 X K E . Good condition. 828-o491 
(■tier 5: 826-o719 
' 

714-MAZDA 

7 6 M a r d o AAiser ItatWMi Wagon. 4 
CVI. piston engine, 6,ooo m l. 32 , m pg. Fo cJory akr. 5295o. o r best 
I M w r. 826 59oo e v a t 
________ _ 
' 'TI Mg (do R X 2 *<^d Cond, 3o,ooo I- ml, c lr, om -fm , $15oo 337-738o. 
•7? M a zd a R X 2. New eng. 6,ooo m l w a rra n ty 4-dr., a ir , v in y l root, 4-spd <9Qo. 344-4346________ 

L I U I I V Picku p 4 speeds, 
HILUX r a d i a .............................................. 
A D C I ^to,lon w o9<7h, e xcellen t con- 
U r KL dition, 4 sp eed, rad io , o n ty ........... 
D A TC I IAI iiotion wagon, auto- 
D A D U N matic, radio, air, extra nice................................................................... 
D I l i m 
^entur7 
4 door, automatic, 
D U i C K air, radio, power steering 
. . . 

V IA I P°s,^a tk- todio, 4 
V W speed, a i r ................ 
. . . 
73 
72 
72 CORINA SSTi,, 
75 CELICA 4-speed, AM - FM 

*4795 

*4995 
$1495 
‘3495 
‘2995 
‘2495 
‘ 1695 

‘ 1995 
‘ 1795 
M595 
‘ 1495 
‘3295 

■1 "f i : : T ' T : r i r r i r i r i i T *- 

 f i n n 
: * n i t ) : 
V_**Y y v y v t r r r r r y r r r r Y C ^ 

3 8 3 4 F re d e rick sb u rg R d. 
7 3 6 -4 4 7 1 

71 VW B o la B u g 14oo e n g in e . 
Bum pers, extra cto r exh au sts, 12 in ch tire s. R a d io , h e a te r. S h o r- pest in $.A. $1395 455-1131 
74 VW B E E T l B , extra cie g n /ie « i m l. s ta n d a rd a m -fm , r a d io . 
Prlvote owner. $2275. 341 1441 
'7o VW Bug Good condition. 599L 
CPW: 484-2o6o 
*9~VW BU G . Orange, w hile R o ily s trip e . Top c o n d itio n . See a n d d r iv e th is o n e ! I f s a s t e a l! 
362-4876 anytim e. 
‘i i V w Lus. eoed cond, new en!' 

After 4 p m, 92TF424. 
■ri vw But r B S a r g c p g stereo, t sad. F ro a f moue* sp o re , coelom trim . Steel ro d kU s Rag- 
SCHA ffHT SSKlH®’ fMhK BLV vOfYIWEY on w ay I 5375o 6964722 atta r 5 

71 VW C e a s e ilfb le. t h t t r m t iu 

$9 xxx: m ties Radio, new b p t f ^ H new rod io lv After f p g 

’71 VW F o sft>o«. B xceflen t COA- ditton M ake after 473-1oH 
7 4 VW , M ag w heels! T ig e r tires. Perfect 5185o 3234152 
71 VW. 49,ooo mites, good cond.. I owner $l?oo. After 5:3o: 344-7382 

WTI 
12 im w » mfTFWw ***»» ww ear » «>»’ 

U ex 

R a b h iL o u t ^ i 
5345o. 
648-14o5 eves; I 

7 i r v « ( < „ « « . I M - i U 

 m / M Z S S St iYlc» L.9VV 

 ie n e w . 
526-3814 

 lF?sr 

,655-1131 
New 
■ ar 
51495 

73 C A P R I . 6 c y l. a ir , a m -fm . 
Brow n. $195o. 453-1*o9 eves. 
7 3 C apri, low m ileage, clean. C o li 
344-2311 o r 1-755-4476, ask for 
Robin. 
73 C apri. M u st sell. Perfect con- d iliont Loaded 655 7o24._________ 
CAU 

715 MERCEDES BENZ 

CLASSIC 
MERCEDES 
,JK*IIIUB-Ake it mw 
Mta/liag ay 
Pl,tulie«f lot pfOvp*<h»» 
»WM,«. ?»», W M " ai 
SHkvst, Stofiaa 
•ad fisiwny Mafali Mad aal apply 
7ooo FIRM. 
Sun. 828-862S • 
Wkdays: 222-o194 

72, 21o. Law m ileage, exceptional condition. Best offer over 54295. 
69o-1347. 
I— 
■ 
‘T T O B n g g l T O ----------- 

715 - MERCEDES BERZ 

M ISSION C IT Y IM PO R T S 
M E R C E D E S B E N Z Soles Service 
3»?u SAN P E D R O 
736 2243 

•TO 5*o SL, o ir, excel cond Best 
Otter 4961218, 454 4o42___ 

716 MG 

73 M G M idget. Low m ileage, new radials, rodio. t?17S Ti*-9$44 
71 M ID G E T 516oo firm : 
673-1141__________ 

73 VW Super, a Aa-p M roRks, a ir t on ditto n«d. 
Sunroof. 
5199$ 
‘ ,455-1131 _____________ _ 
73 V W S u p e r! A M - F M , a ir . 

718 -MC 
717-OPEL 

46 M C B . Babied! Low m ileag e 
Call: 435-4o63 ofter 6 p m _______ 
74 M O B C onvertible $349$, Low 
M i, B lo ck top whit* body W ire wheels Chondier 225-2771 _______ 

72 Opel GT 513*5 
333 Its? 

-73 M G B C o n v e rt, v e ry cle o n . 
5279$. 
735-349o, 
9om-4pm, 
Twg5j-S2L 

72 Opel GT. A ir, good condition. 
SI9oo. 699-o638. 
___________ 
73 O P E L GT 
B Y O W N ER $23oo 824 9147 

 iU G B , G T 1961. W ire s , y e llo w . 
515oo. COH: 455-5456 
‘48 M O B R oadster R a d io l tires, roll bar. 
Other e x tra s 
$1o95 
5361944 
7o M O M ld g* con v e rtib le . N ew tires with w ire wheels JO + M P G 
$995-342-1711 
7$ M G Midteet. Ix c e tU n t cond! 
Hon. 53o5o. Coil: 694*15o7 
---------------U I L V IT T m 
------------ 

1*73 Opel M anta Rodey 4 speed. air. $15*5 826 5874________________ 
‘67 Opel, running condition, lit s . 
413-911* 
71 O pel W a g on , e x c e lle n t Mi- c h s iln re d to ls. a b o v e a v e ra g e cond. 51o5o. 4767474_____________ 

ZIP-KUSCHE 
O O T O P L slil™ 
74 Porsche o il Torga V-sod . air. m oos Low ml, c 
82 6 7341 A? 9224 tape. mf, orig, owner. 

 rot)lo!s, m ag* 5145o *12-8478 
71 VW S U P E R B I E T L E 
$1,ooo 
473-841o 
72 VW Wagon A u to , radio, $1485 

725»WLVB 
__ 

M U ST S E L L L IT T L E 71 V O L V O 
I42E. A IR , S T E R E O , S A C R IF IC E 
871o B R O A D W A Y 
N EW 1977 SCO U TS 
4 W H E E L O R IV E 
U P TO $1588 O F F 
W INDOW S T IC K E R P R I C E ! 
P o rk Ten Vetve-teewt 

P A R K T R N V O L V O 
IN SCO U T D C A L E R 

1 
V O L V O S447S. A IR . 6 S F E E D . 
O W N E R S 
E Q U IT Y 
F R C * I 

^ 
^ o k i o I T o ^ e l r . 
A M F M ffereo cassette, I 
15o75 659 16*1 

P o g e 2 2 C 

73o 743 ftUTOWOBILES 

San Antonio EXPRESS N E W S — Sunday April 17. 19 
73o 7 4 3 AUTOMOBILE!! 
73o 743-4UTBWo8!tfS 
73o 743 AUTOMOBlLiS 

73o-743-AUTOMOBILES 
73o 743 AUlOMOBILtS 
73o 743 AUTOMOBILES 
73o 743 AUTOMOBILES 
743 AUTOMOBILES 
73o 743 AUTOMOBILES 

AT NORTH 

CENTRAL FORD 

“ SPECIAL SUPER 
SALE” 

7 2 1 4 

* 7 2 9 5 

 largest Selection To Choose 
From ; sr 6942 sr 6988 sr 7o31 rs 7o34 sr 7o77 
=7128 sr 7223 sr 7273 

A N D M A N Y , M A N Y M O R E ... 
NEW 1977 PINTO S, 

/ w in 977 IT D ^ 
' 4 DOOR SEDAN^-—— , i 
X t " rn . 

:6698 s 6579 

36698 

LIMITED EDITIONS V , i 4 8 5 9 * y 

= 7155 
=7156 y 
< 
•« 
^ 6 
^ 
, ^ 
- r r 
= 7157 
=7165 
/ 

$ O I A C « /N E W 1977 GRANADA 
© l U J j 4' 2 DOOR SEDAN 

“ THE BEST 
BUY IN 
THE 
IN D U STR Y” 

NEW 1977 MUSTANG 
2 DOOR HARDTOP 
LIMITED EDITION 

$4 1 4 8 * 

‘ Exclu d e s F r e ig h t, D e a le r P r e p , 

 a n d T a x , Title a n d lice ns e 
98oo SAN PEDRO 

THURSDAY AND FRIDAY 
AND SUNDAY SPECIALS 

ASK ABOUT OUR 
EXTENDED W ARRANTY 
ON NEW AND USED VEHICLES 

. . . j 

THESE PRICES 
ARE G O O D W HILE 
CARS LAST 
NORTH CENTRAL FORD 
341-5571 

*2oHexe & k c w c o x it o n ly t&€ d e x l\ 

Phone 341 5571 * 38oo SAN PEDRO (' j mile north oi loop 41o1 
SAN ANTONIO. TEXAS 78216, 

PRESENT THIS COUPON FOR SPECIAL OFFER 

V o tt 

NORTH CENTRAL FORD 
98oo SAN PEDRO 341-5571 
(BRING THESE COUPONS WITH YOU) 

★ FREE ★ 

^ 
OIL A f ii? 
FILTER 
- 
SPECIAL lndu4«s:.S qts: oil Bi genuine:,-■’v'". 
Motorcfaft flitter; Reg, $12.5o ' 
? 
Wort America* Made. 
(ors (Trucks Slightly 
-' 
*,'• 
\ 
Higher) I ■ • V 
" • i . 
;■> 
' 
Any Applicable raxes In fra > 

ENGINE TUNE-UP 
SPECIAL 

GOOD FROM APRIL I STH THRU THE 22ND 

 w 
111111 
1 
.... 

Int b in : W SH tis Aute4>fs 
(rfuft. Melerttxh fiend JST tnt 
M«wii<rolt tsnlsnH r. b ip e d b a il, linos*. SXkag*. *or$ pkg trim se4 
«Str4n»er fey 
Ai, od. w ta rtta sntl thee** !N»W ani telni Hint ignttwiw leu 
119* 7. ant *tai4W* 
Mf***/ 
*'*" 
Tole! Speuof Price 

FRONT END 
ALIGNMENT 
SPECIAL 
C om plo t* Safety • • 
'> l o j f t e c t i a n tnchiden 
• ,-Cbeeh shock obsorberi 
'leoriity cam ponenH 
4. ban) 
I U tucpenttan. 
• r ■ - 
Most American Made Car* 
(TreeV i ih flM iy Higher, 

Parts t tabor----- 
AHr oypfcceMts26" 
MO 
^ 
W 
Req. 
S lh .Q O 
I 
W 
95 

 taxes 
«tre 
Reg. S 16.oo 
Any avfltrafei* 

S H O C K A B S O R B E R 

S P EC IAL 
Includes 4 HO Watercraft 
Sure trackers, fife rim» 
Guarantee, 
Phi. 
I*, vtfiitotiofii All far lim taw 
Pfke al 
S679S 

(Special Ooout on Most 
A m e ric a n B u m C u r. a n d 
Ugh* Trucks) 
A n y o p p fk o b t* ra x e s e x tr a 

HO 
Appointm ents 

N e e d e d 

In Wast Cases you May want ta waif far repairs. 
MAJOR CREDIT CAROS AC 
UPffD. Att Repairs Guorun teed. Oar Service Dept. is 
Open from 7 A.M. ta 5:3o 

P J L M on.-W . 

EXECUTIVE CARS & 
DEMONSTRATOR 

1977 MODELS 
REDUCTIONS UP TOI 
*1 ,5 6 5 
(SALE 

C A M A R O I NOVA COUPE I MONTE CARIO 

JIM M A N N S car is buck­ skin, fully equipped in­ cluding cruise control, power windows & doors & 
A M PM stereo. list $6816 
Sole $589o 
>926 

TERRY 
W E L C H S car is buckskin, 
V S autom atic, power steering 
& brokes. 

 on conditioned, radio 
& w fite sidewalls. 

List $ 5551 
Sale $ 4 6 9 4 

R O N SM ITH S car is dork blue with w hite vinyl top, 

 fully equipped, including tilt wheel, 
A M -F M stereo 
& power seats. 

List $ 7 2 5 6 
Sale $ 6 o 9 8 

OFF 
UST s857 
OFF 
Ll ST 
1158 
OFF 
LEST 

CAPRICE CLASSIC 
COUPE 

ALLAN 
D U B O S E S car is light metallic blue, fully equipped including pow er seats, windows & trunk. 

List $ 8 2 7 3 
Sale $ 6 7 o 8 

MALIBU COUPE! MALIBU COUPE 

JESSE M A C IA S ' car is dark blue, fully equipped, in­ cluding tilt w heel, bucket seats, console, 
A M -F M stereo 

List $ 6 6 l l 
Sale $ 5 5 o 3 

BOB N E M E C S cor is buck­ skin with o vinyl top, fully 

 equipped including pow er doors, w indows & trunk. 

List $ 6 7 6 o 
Sale $ 5 6 5 2 
1565 
OFF 
LIST n o s 
OFF 
LIST 
11o8 
OFF 
LIST 

IMPALA SEDAN 

RICK SM ITH S car is white with 
V - 8 autom atic trans­ mission, power steering, power brakes, air con­ ditioned, radio 
& white sidewalls. 

List $61 SO 
Sale $ 5 o 9 4 
$ 

M ON TE CARLO 
LA N D A U 

J O H N 
C A R V E R S car is white with a red vinyl top, fully equipped, cruise con­ trol, A M FM stereo 
List $ 6 9 3 4 
Sale $ 5 8 4 7 
1o86 
OFF 
LIST 
IO 87 
OFF 
LIST 

MONTE CARIO 

VIRGIL H E R N D O N S cor is light blue w ith w hite vinyl 

 top, fully equipped including cruise vontrol, 
A M -F M 

 stereo radio w ith Tope. 

List $ 6 8 2 7 
Sale $ 5 8 o 6 
$1o21 
OFF 
LIST 

EQUIPMENT-WARRANTY 

All tors in this od ore equipped with V S engine, hydrcm otit, power steering ond brokes, factory oir, tinted gloss plus ad­ ditional features listed on window sticker All ore low mileage ond have extended factory warranty avoiolable at slight extra cost. 
9242311 

12oo S.E.Military Dr. 

: 
A '• * o - f j 
• « > * > / 
• i* ‘ 
IDOWNTOWN 
615 S. ST. MARY’S 
227-1311 
’TS MONTE CARLO Loaded 
’7 5 GRANADA 
’7 3 PINTO........................... 
’7 3 GALAX IE 4.d„.............. 
’7 3 LTD 2-dr.......................... 
’7 3 CHEVROLET 
Caprice 
Convertible. 
’7 4 GREMLIN ^ 
’7 4 PINTO W agon. 

*4 4 9 5 
* 3 1 9 5 
* I 8 9 5 
*2 2 9 5 
*2 2 9 5 
*2 9 9 5 
*1 9 9 5 
*2 4 9 5 
’7 4 CHEVROLET 
Im pala 2 -d r. 
*3 1 9 5 
’7 5 PINTO 
3 - d r .. 
’7 5 MALIBU 
’7 4 ELITE 

Nice 
*2 5 9 5 
*3 2 9 5 

 lo ad ed 
3 5 9 5 
’7 5 THUNDERBIRD loaded 
’7 5 MAVERICK 
4 -d o o r............ 
’7 6 CORDOBA 7 
- 
* 
. 
. 
. 
. 
. 
. 
. 
. 

*5 9 9 5 
*2 8 9 5 
*5 2 9 5 

’ 73LOLOS 
71 PONTIAC GT© 

Station W agon, all p o w er, air. 

Like new 
*2 6 9 5 
*1 9 9 5 

’7 3 V W RABBIT low miles 
*2 6 9 5 
’71 CHEVROLET 
Im pala Coupe * 9 9 5 
J 6 FORD V j-ton pick-up, LWB. . . . *3 9 9 5 

’7 5 FORD wid°e pick.’up' ,on9.&... *3 3 9 5 
’7 2 mOVA 2 - d r . . . . 
*1 2 9 5 
’7 3 PLYMOUTH 
Fury 111,4-door, 

 like n e w ............... *1 9 9 5 
’6 3 FALCONJrbo'o miles 
’7 2 PONTIAC 
*7 4 COMET 

Grand 
Prix, lo ad e d ............ 

4-d o o r, autom atic, air 

*1 2 9 5 
*2 4 9 5 
*2 6 9 5 
’7 4 PLYMOUTH 
’7 3 SUBARU. 
’7 3 OLDS Toronada 

D u ster. 
*1 9 9 5 
*1 7 9 5 
*2 4 9 5 

7 o 
7 4 

'73 

MAVERICK transportation cor . . * 9 9 5 
PONTIAC ii,nW°guVZdrLs°o°NLYWg?299S 
PINTO 2-door........................................................................8 9 5 
CHEVROLET V e g a , 2 -d o o r ^ 7^*S 

F 
O 
^ 
O 
~ 
W a 9 ° n ' a u ‘ ° 
" 
^ s n A d c r power| v .8 engine............................ 
» W 
9 

 p d b M f i Custom, 4 -d o o r, a u to - c g j j* m a tic ,ra d io , h e a te r ............ 

 r v'7' ton Pitk’uP' 4-wheel "drive, 
$ e* * * ^ 
— outomotit, air nnd power, only. 
PINTO 3 -d o o r . 
■ ■ ■*2395 

N 
A 
V 
A 
4-door, automatic, 
$ 9 I O C w V " oir, power, air............................ 
* J* 
T O Y O T A autom atic •.d ° ° : - . . . * 
9 9 5 
COMET 2-door. . . . ............*2295 
MERCURY fully loaded . . . . *3895 
MONTE CARLO 
Beautiful $AQo|C white with red vinyl top, fully loaded, only. . . . 
" D 
W 
9 
FORP"^ J°sn'ta4n'Keed-.v:a'....*2895 
CAMARO ^l,yolnTyd'd:bcou,"ul. *4 79 5 

" % 
! A u m 
. v t — 

PRESENT THIS COUPON FOR SPECIAL OPFER 

731 AMG 
7 7 M O D E L 

 r CARS AVAILABLE 

AT REASONABLE 
RATES A N D TERMS. 

TOW NE INO COUNTRY 
LEASING 
349-3981 

725 VOLVO 

•75 Volvo 242-DL. Pow er. o»r, au to A M P M s te re o . CB 
J4895 
I owner 494-6439; 224-7788__________ 

'73 V O L VO IA4E. A ir, tape. sun­ roof, auto, 63,ooo m iles, best offer 
344-134S afte r 5 pm 

VO LVO 1969 142S- 11o75 
Air conditioned, 826-2283 

726 • MISCELLANEOUS AUTOS 

732 • BUICX 
732 BUICK 

’i A mc G re m lin , e xcellent for. ’ r7, i ® y ,c ^ e n ,“ r,rB> u‘ uJ a Y,6/ / dition. 221 2o96, 655-457o oft 5 
«%|j m iles- 
658-4771, 

D IS P L A Y B O O T H POR S A LE 
----- 11 
------r ; , - : , , , ; , , --------------------- 
Located at uDD er level C e n tra l 
„ 
.. 
P ark Mon across from pet shop. 
? ^ 
B 
,? se?an' a *1 p??reJ: 
Can be used for g am eroom bar, ! co n < 1 *2 5o o etc 
M a l t fr o m n a tu r a l nnw 
| 344 9672 oft 5pm original cost SI,55o. W ill sell for 
' 
S7Jo 
A vailab le 
M a y 
1st. 
Call 
684 1196 

75 Buick E le c tra Lim ited . Blue, silver vinyl top. AM-F7A, loaded 
Low m l. $5295 661 7865 
'7o Falcon 2-door V-8 . auto. $835, !'73 Buick E le c tra ,225’, I ow ner. best offer 655-5255________________ 828-6355 aft 7. 696-o3o3____________ 

7 2 G rem lin . A ir, com plete over- 
B u ic k E le c tr a 22$, '7 2 . F u lly haul New tires. A tter 6 684 2134 j equipped. Col): 822-o252 eves. 

7 3 G rem lin 6 CVI, a ir, std, radio, 
B U IC K E L E C T R A 2 25, 19721 
$15oo 684-3313 or 344-4296. 
4-door ha rd to p , VS, auto, pow er 
G re m lin -73 
6 c y l , a u to , a ir . 
,sea,s' "In d o w s , vinyl top Radiol 
L a n ie n n n . rlp n n 
152,ooo m i. CB a n te n n a , c le a n 
5145o 656-1142 
$185o. 224-5473; 698 2464 

7o Buick LeSabre. loaded, e xtra 
1 9/4 G r e m lin 
L o a d e d ! N ic e s h a rp , $995 
E as y c re d it te rm s econom ical cor. C all; J A. G a rta oroilohle W ill finance. 225-6452. 
222-861! or 222-1685 
71 Buick L e S a b re . V e ry c lean . 
73 G rem lin, standard, (actory air', 
658-4771 or 655-1696. 
226 o291; 226-o292. 

74 G rem lin. Std., radio $115o or best offer Coll: 534 5822_________ 

'6 8 ja v e lin SST. 7 o rebuilt 29o co. 

1976 B u ic k L im ite d 455, to ta l power, 8 track stereo. 4 door. v in ­ yl top 1o,ooo m ile s A v a ila b le I 
M ay $75oo 653-oo32. 

 in. e n g in e , h ig h p e r fo r m a n c e 
?-V 
Im L ' m ',e d 'J25'« *2115 
341-5o49 after 5:pm 

! 7 4 B uick R e g o l 
L o a d e d , new tires. 5o,ooo mi. $3ooo 226-oo3o 
7 o B U IC K R IV IE R A $65o 
____________92? 8661______________ 
!7 2 Buick R iv ie ra 
Im m a c u la te 1 
$1895 Trode 342 7o93_____________ 

67 B u ic k R iv ie r a 
E x c e lle n t 

________ 7 2 M a ta d o r 9 passenger wagon. 
76 C H E V Y E L C A M IN O 
361. VS lu g g a g e ra c k loaded 
18,ooo actual m i. auto, oir, pow er I excellent cond $1375 734-8431 

• M 
R 
T ^ f l ' k f ^ w 
’ L«T(? 
IS R a m b le r A m e ric a n 2 dr , 6 . t i l A i t 
MW O. stond 
G ood m e c h a n ic a l cond. r 6.'.'?-.!.,,__________________________ _ N ew p a in t 
G ood gas m ile a g e . 
62 Studeboker 4 door sedan, good 
SSOO. 654 1829 otter 4 _________________ _________ ______ _______ __________ 

* 
6 4 R a m b le r C la ss ic 
Good run cond , auto. Keystone m ags Good 
1-755-8151 oner 6 pm . M E B a ke r mng cond., o v e rd riv e trans. 52oo tires. $1ooo. 735-4714 
•7o Torino 4 door 
•72 M atador auto 
•7o /Maverick auto 
69 M alibu 2 dr 
•7o Buick wagon .. 
•67 GTO auto ......... 
6 8 Delta 88 4 d r 

6 8 Buick W ild c a t, low m ile a g e , good body cond. $795 696-3799. 
ELECTRA *225’ BUICKS 
73 Lim ited 4-door ................... $2695 
72, 2-doer H A R D T O P ...........$1995 
_____________ 736 4321______________ 
76 E le c tr a ’225’ L im ite d 
L ik e new $6495 W ill trade. 923-2883 

74 ELECTRA 725’ 
Loaded! Cruise, tilt, 6 -w ay seats. 
A M -F M . 
L o c a l o w n e r. 
M u s t sacrifice. $365o. 736-11o3_________ 
63 E le c tr a , v e ry good e n g in e , fu lly lo a d e d , a ll p o w e r. N e ed s transm ission. $15o. 732-6124 a fte r 
6:3o pm A nytim e Sot or Sun. 
•7o LE S A B R E , bad p a in t $45o. m ake offer 732-3824_______________ 

‘7o Le Sabre 4 dr. good condition excess to needs; radio, a ir, auto transm ission 826 2814____________ 
M ust sell! ‘76 Buick Regal. Bur gundy, velour interio r. 2 -dr., Loo dau top A ir, A M -F M 8 tra ck , tilt w h eel, 35o V 8 . W k d a ys a fte r 6 , w kends til 6 p rn 
2167 N E Loop 
41o, Apt. H-13, La A rboleda Apts. 

N E E D A CAR ? Hove a Job? Some 
C r e d it. C a ll; S te v e B r o o m a ll 
222-8611 or 222 1685________________ 

6 ? R iv ie r a lo ad ed , 2 to choose from S99S 432-2644; 432-26»o 

'6 8 R iv ie ra , 55,ooo ml. E xcellent! 
828-6355 aft J: 696-o3o3 

51295. cash 532-1332. 
$1o95, 
1 L 
‘ IS I; 732 • BLUCK 

5895. 
'74 B U IC K Apolli, a ir, heat, am -fm 

69 B U IC K S kylark 4-door, excel­ lent condition 344-2634; 344 977o, best offer or trade 

'75 S k v h a w k , p o w e r, a ir , a u to , 
?6,ooo m iles. $35oo. 492-9251. 
•69 S kylark, good tires, runs good, sharp, ow ner $925 735-7o27 

71 BUICK SKYLARK $85o 
A ir , p o w e r s te e r in g , b r a k e s . 
H J L tape deck, Red 
$2,ooo. 226-29o3 
. . . . . $ 5 9 $ .,e v e i 
________________________ 

■.ut cSa? aIIJs’* U S e ( 1 i 7 3 Buick C e n tu ry R egol 
S m all 
* 3 4-2*Z..8-'..i4J :,1.’ .3.!------------------------------- 
7o5 S.A LA M O 
226 9 144 y - 8 , a u to a ir p o w e r 
A M F M , j ‘7o Buick S k y la rk 
Good engine, 
I i 771 ' ooo 
L u x u r y in t e r io r . $2975 v a lu e , needs body w o rk. $35o. 734 o629 ix p e is s ANO N iw s sacrifice only $2295-494-5o87 
. from lo am to 4 pm ___________ 

•71 S k y la r k , y e llo w w ith w h ite vinyl top, loaded. $15oo 435 8523. 

W ill the Joe Salinas who lust p u r­ chased a ’65 B uick R iv ie r a GS please coll 828-8587 evenings 

IN tn t tx Pe ISS N tw s 
CAU 225 -1 66 6 

733 (M U C 

74 Cad CPE He Ville 
24,ooo m i w arra n ty . 828-o197 

CASH FOR 
I YOUR CAR 
TOP PRICE PAID FOR 
. CLEAN USED CARS A TRUCKS 
ANY MODEL 
SUPERIOR PONTIAC 
92o BROADWAY 
.................... 227-5o41 

733 • CADILLAC 

C A D IL L A C C O U P E D E V IL L E 
$95o. 
L O A D E D ! 
821o 
BRO A D W A Y____________________ f 
•76 C a d illa c C o u p e . 
P r iv a t e owner Best offer 341-7269._______ 

•75 Cadillac Coupe D e v ille . 29,5oo m i., $5995. 653-6S68 _______ _______ 

‘74 Cadillac Cue B rougham , w ire wheels, $-18oo 923 2665 
12 Caduac Devine 
81875 

733 ' CADILLAC 

“ W o w , Do W e H a v e A D e a l F o r Y o u ! ” 

7 3 3 -CADILLAC 

‘76 E L D O R A D O 
B cnrriti. W hite, red trim , loaded 
All luxurious options 654-1655. 

'73 E L D O R A D O 
E x c e p tio n a l, a ll lu x u ry , $4ooo, 
622-3491, 227-1688. 
______________ 
‘7o E ld o rad o , last y e a r of C a d il­ lac's most beautiful c a r, $225o or trade. 822-7223. 
197o Fleetw ood, all electric, good condition $21oo. 341-1584 

M ust Sell 1976 El Dorado $96oo. 
Low m ileage, 341-8134, 341-5651 

‘74 Cadillac. 2o,ooo m i., like new. 
$599$ fir m . See a t 1133 A u s tin 
Highway 826-2728; 751-2313 _____ 

73 C A D IL L A C S ed a n D e v ille . w h ite , b la c k v in y l to p , $3795. 
Owner. See this one 1st 684-1578 eves. 

Cadillac 76 Seville loaded, w ire w heels, show room cond trade 822-1646______________ 

*65 C adillac Sedan D e v ille 5795 best otter 656 1 o oo 

117 L E X IN G T O N 
226-7221 

734 - CHEVROLET 

Has everything! 
828-6959 
V e ry nice 

'65 C adillac. Clean N ew b rakes. shocks, tires 435 4o63 a fte r 6 

'75 Cadillac Coupe d eV ilie, Fully equip. 575oo 655-5499, O ne ow ner 

7o Cadillac Coupe D e v ille 
Nice c o n d itio n 
S 1I9S . W e e k d a y s 5 p m : 633 o587 

‘ 6 7 C a d illa c C o u p e 
D e v i l l e . 
W recked, d n veab le, good parts 
341 8526________________ _ 

IXPPfSS ANO N tw s 

•71 C A D IL L A C 4-door, I owner 
Nice! low m i 924-6666 
Cadillac 75 Eldorado fully loaded Looks, runs as new 
$ ' ISO. 224-o651; 344-o324 
_ 

I 7 o C a d illa c E ID o r o d o 
F u lly equipped C le an . $1495 9o% fin- 
1 oncmg available. 224-441o________ 

C A D IL LA C E ID orodo Convertible 
; ‘ 74 D ynasty re d W hite top ond interior, very low m i M in t cond. 
$9995 344 7127 

76 CAD. SEO DEVILLE 
________ I owner TA8-o197______ 

C o n vertib le, R ed E ld o ra d o , ‘71, tine. Best otfer 735-7683, 341-281 1 

'74 Coupe D e v ille L e a th e r inter- j ior, all options, show room cond. I 
54995, 654-o544 

CAU ??>-1666 

74 Coupe D e v ille , 4 5 ,o o o m iles, leather seats, blue w ith w hite top. 
54,35o. 828 5o55____________________ 

DOCTOR’S CAR 
'69 EID orodo 48,ooo m iles. E xcel- lent fond $15oo A fter 6 
344 7o23. [ 

76 C A M A R O L T . Loaded 
M u s t sell now 
W ill help finance. Call 
Woody 433-1464 
'7o C A M A R O , 48,ooo m i. a m -fm mops, spoiler 684-451o 
•76 C o m o ro 
P o w e r , a ir , o n ly 
16 OOO m i. F irefh o rn m etallic. Best 
Ofter. Collect: 1-629-1o27 

, 77 MODEL * 
CARS AVAILABLE tv 

AT REASONABLE M 
RATES AND TERMS. 

TOWNE anc COUNTRY 
LEASING 
$ ^ 

3 4 9 - 3 9 8 1 
; f 

734- CHEVROLET 

'6 6 Bel A ir . r a d io , au to . good cond. $55o. 433-o837 oft 5 
197J C a d illa c S edan D e v ille , 4 door. Full power- M ust sell new. 
Wilt help finance. 
Call 
Woody 
433-1464 
______________ _ 

•75 C A M A R O , red. Loaded, nice. 
Toke up paym ents. 924-6671______ 

•76 C a m aro . S ilver, 3o5, A M -F M stereo Like new. 342-645o. 

8 v 4 * > 
ANNUAL FlBCtNTAGL BATI 
NEW CAR 
LOAN SALE 
Citizens 
National BankO 
One of the FrostBank 
Corporation family of banks Fredericksbiirg 
Rd at NW Loop 41o, 
P O. Box 29oo9. San 
Antonio, Texas 78229. i Phone (512) 344-o141 
Member FDIC 

734 CHEVROLET 
CAMARO 228,1973 

76 C A M A R O 35o. oil power and a ir 
A M -F M s te re o ta p e , s till under w a rra n ty M ust sell! C all: 
744 3473 or 698-2116_______________ 
Com oro 1976. I hove a white LT and a silver 2 d r. M ust sell one today. W ill help finance. Call Ken 
433-1464 ______________ __________ _ 
'77 C A M A R O . L ik e n e w , 6.ooo m iles. Loaded 674 o548. 

4-speed, power 
736-4321 

75 C A P R IC E Convertible 
15,ooo mi. 342-131o; 69o 1653 
73 Chevetle 6 cyl . auto 4-dr., low m iles 51495. 333-4168________ ____ 
C H E V IL L E 
75. 4-door, 35o V 8 . auto a ir, pow er steering, brakes 
E xcellent. S29oo 696 3379_________ 

'76 
C H E V E T T E 
T O P 
G A S 
M IL E A G E 
4 S P E E D , 
4 - C Y L I N D t R 
T A P E D E C K 
B U C K E T S E A T S 
$22oo C A S H . 
O W N E R 
E Q U IT Y 
F R E E ! 
8286959___________________________ 
1974 C h e v ro le t C a p ric e C lassic. 
Low m iles S U P E R S H A R P Call 
D an Peterson 222-8611 or 272-1685 

 r 5S Chevrolet 4 dr B e lo it. 6 cyl goto, good cond, $35o 342 o926 

72 Chevrolet im pala 2dr H T ne* 
Cond 51295. 534-1969 

7 3 Chevrolet Im p ala Coupe, 2 dr. auto, a ir, pow er, high m ilege but e x c e lle n t cond p ric e to sell a t 
SUPP 69o-9242.____________________ 

■73 Chevrolet linpola 4 d r hardtop, j 4S,ooo m iles, a ir. pow er, looks and j runs like new. $1875. 696-2128 a tte r 
6 . all day Sun 
___________ 

 i 72 Chevrolet Im p ala 4 dr hardtop, i pow er, re-cond a ir , g re e n w ith w hite top, a m -fm 8 tr a c k , new steel belted radials, 35o-2V, $165o 
C o ll 648-13o7; a tte r 5 pm e n d weekends 658 4522 
__________ 

'71 Chevrolet Im p ala Coupe. L ike new $1695 W ill trade. 923-2883 

^ 

 fiJGniESS-NEWS BOHUS ADS 
P l 
TEXAS SIZE SAVINGS! r n r n r n 

 m m mm m exwm 

73O-743-AUT8MoBILES 
73o 743 AUTOMSBILES 
7 4 3 M I o M 8 » I H S 
73o 743 AUTOMOBILES 
73o 743 m M O W S 
LINCOLN VERSAILLES. 
Hie only car of its size engineered in the Lincoln Continental tradition. 

Now, for the first time, there is an American luxury car similar in size to the finest European luxury’ cars, that’s engineered in the Lincoln Continental tradition. Lincoln Versailles. It offers the level of luxury its first name implies, with a remarkably smooth, quiet ride that is the result of meticulous engineering. Lincoln Versailles. A notable engineering achievement: a car with a 11o-inch wheelbase that has a superb luxury-car ride. 

S E K a n d t o s t d i n e t h e n e w L I I S C O L I S I L R S A I L L h S I O D A \ ! 

S P A N I S H S P O K E N F O R Y O U R C O N V E N I E N C E 
Calvin Graham’; 

I 123 N. MAIN AVE. 

S P A N I S H S P O K E N F O R Y O U R C O N V E N I E N C E lincoln III cf cufy 

PHONE 225-6 5 o1 

SELLS • RENTS • LEASES 
GILLESPIE FORD 
GRANADA SALE 

NEW '77 
GRANADA 
2 -d r . 
Stock #3o24 
OVER 8o 
GRANADAS 
IN STOCK 

S % O O O O down m I H F V 
CASH OR TRAD 
> rr a £ \ 

CASH PRICE of 5 4 9 9 8 .o o w ith $188 down 

 on Approved Credit for 48 month* of $126.26. 

Annual percentage rate 11.83, deferred price $6248.48. 

State tax, license excluded. 5tock #3o24. 

Air Conditioned 
Automatic Transmission 

Half Vinyl Roof 
Power Steering 
25o CID 6 Cylinder 

Steel Belted Whitewalls 

Tinted Glass 
AM Pushbutton Radio 

*3oo to *5oo OFF ON USED CARS & TRUCKS 

* - 
K 
I ii 
Eft , I 

IIL * 
* 
Aii 

2 3 1 1 B r o a d w a y — 2 2 7 - 1 4 1 5 

7 1 COUGAR XR 7 2 D r...............................*1 o 9 5 

’7 2 FORD G a la x ie 5 o o 4 D r.....................* 9 9 8 

’7 2 VOLKSWAGEN Bus 
..........................‘2 2 9 5 

7 3 GRAN TORINO Squire 
....................‘2 7 9 5 

7 5 PINTO Squire Ste. W a g o n 
. . . . ‘3 3 9 5 

’7 5 LTD IO pass. C o u n try W a g o n .-..* 3 9 9 5 

*76 CADILLAC Coupe D e v ille 2 D r 
‘8 9 9 5 

7 3 CADILLAC Coupe D e v ille 2 D r 
‘4 1 9 5 

7 1 CADILLAC l l D o ra d o 2 D r 
‘2 7 9 5 

7 6 THUNDERBIRD 2 D r.............................. ‘ 7 9 9 5 

’7 5 THUNDERBIRD 2 D r.............................. ‘5 5 9 5 

7 6 PONTIAC G ra n d P rix 2 Dr. 
. . . ‘ 5 6 9 5 

’6 6 M USTANG 2 Dr.......................................‘ 1 3 9 5 

'6 9 CAMERO 2 D r.......................................... ‘ 1 5 9 5 

'7 3 M G C o n vertib le Coupe 
................. *1 9 9 5 

’7 4 M USTANG ll 2 D r...................................‘2 7 9 5 

2 7 5 5 S .W . M ilit a r y D riv e — 9 2 3 - 4 5 4 1 

*75 CHEVY C 2o Custom Deluxe Pickup 
'3 4 9 5 

7 3 CHEVY Caprice 4 D r. H a rd to p 
‘ 2 3 9 5 

7 4 DODGE T rad e sm an IOO V a n 
. . '3 3 9 5 

*64 CHEVY Vt Ton Pickup 
....................‘ 1 o 9 5 

*49 FORD 4 D r..................................................‘ 1 6 9 5 

*73 CHRYSLER Newport 2 Dr. Hardtop.. . .‘ 1 6 9 5 

7 3 PONTIAC V e n tu ra 2 D r......................‘ 1 9 9 5 

*73 VOLVO S tatio n W a g o n 
................. ‘2 6 9 5 

7 5 BUICK Electro 225 4 Dr. Hardtop . . . . ‘4 7 9 5 

73 FORD LTD 2 D r. H a rd to p 
............*2 3 9 5 

*75 FORD F 1 5 o R a n g e r X U P ickup .. *4 2 9 5 

’74 CHEVY Im p a la 4 D r...........................‘2 7 9 5 

*73 FORD LTD 4 D r........................................ *2 1 9 5 

*71 CHEVY M a lib u 2 D r. H a rd to p 
‘ 1 8 9 5 

*72 FORD P into (As Is Special) 
. . . ‘ 4 9 5 

2o14 Goliad Road — 333-672o 

7 5 RANGER XU Black, loaded, F-1 OO 
...........’4995 

7 5 CUSTOM MSO V-8, auto, PS, P8, Camper.,’3895 

75 CUSTOM F-lSO, V-8, std. air, RS, Ccmper...'389S 

7 6 E-1So Cargo Von, auto, air, mag wheels, stripes................................................ ‘5795 

7 6 RANGER XU F-25o, Texas Ranger 
Pkg., loaded ...................................................'6495 

7 4 CUSTOM F-1oo, Super Cab, IWB, loodcd..... '4295 

7 3 CUSTOM F-25o Super Cab, 4-speed, oir 
. 3495 

72 CHEVY C-2o Cheyenne, auto, air 
............'2295 

75 CUSTOM F-ISo, 6-cyt., std., radio .............. '3295 

75 CUSTOM F-1oo, 6-cyl., std.............................. '3195 

’76 PINTO 2-dr., auto, rodio, heater 
..............'2995 

75 MAVERICK 2-dr., 6-cyl., auto, PS, ail 
. . . '3195 

7 o T-BIRD 4-dr., loaded, deon 
.....................‘1795 

7 6 GRANADA 2-dr., VB, auto, PS, SE Pkg. 
'4o95 

7 5 LTD 4-dr., V-8, loaded 
................................ '3495 

1 7 2 2 Austin H ig h w a y — 8 2 6 
68 VOIKSWAGEN 2 door ........................ 

75 INTERNATIONAL SCOUT 4X4 
74 RANGER Pickup 
7o MAVERICK 2 door 
74 MAZDA 4 door Sedan 
71 FORD LTD 4 door 
....................... 
74 DATSUN Coupe ................................ 
74 OLDS DELTA 88 Royol 4 door 
. . . . 
74 FORD EXPLORER Pickup..................... 
72 FORD GRAN TORINO 4 door 
73 FORD Country Sedan Wagon 
. . . . 
73 DODGE Challenger, 2 door hardtop 
73 DODGE Polara Wagon 
................... 
73 OLDS Delta 88 Royal 2-dr. hr. 
. . . 
74 CHEVY Imperial, 4 door sedan 

-3 2 8 7 

TRUCK A JEEP DEPT. 
2411 B ro a d w a y - 
2 2 7 -1 4 1 9 
59 JEEP C J 5 2-Dr., V-8 Standard 
.....................‘1826 
7 6 FORD E-15o IWB, Van, 6, automatic.. . . ’4295 
73 FORD FI OO IWB Pickup 6 Automatic Radio, 
Heater, PS PH................................................. ’2682 

7 3 JEEP CUSTOM Wagoner 4 Dr. 4 W.D. V-8 
Automatic Power A i r .......................... ’3997 
'73 DODGE Sportsman Royal 12 passenger bus V8, 
Automatic Radio, Heater, Air, Power 
.. *3381 
'73 CHEVY Lux Pickup 4 cylinder, 
Standard Heater 
........................................ *1386 
'74 CHEVY El Camino Classic Pickup, V8, 
Air, Power 
.................................................. ‘3687 

“ YOU CAN AFFORD A FORD FROM GILLESPIE” 
$ 
GILLESPIE® 

2 3 o o B r o a d w a y • 2 2 7 - 1 4 1 1 

2 3 1 1 B r o o d w a y • 2 2 7 - 1 4 1 5 

2 4 1 1 B r o a d w a y • 2 2 7 - 1 4 1 9 

2 7 5 5 S .W . M i l i t a r y • 9 2 3 - 4 5 4 1 

2 o 1 4 G o lia d R o a d • 3 3 3 - 6 7 2 o 

1 7 2 2 A u s tin H w y . • 8 2 6 - 3 2 B 7 

GRANADA GHIA 
1975 
FULLY EQUIPPED 
EXECUTIVE CAR 

* 3 
4 
5 
o 

C a ll Vi nc e Fusco at 
2 2 5 - 7 4 1 1 , E x t . I O O 

M o n d a y t h r o F r i d a y 9 - 3 

★ INSTANT CASH ★ 
PAID ON THE SPOT 

CLEAN USED CARS A N D TRUCKS 
STOP IN FOR FREE APPRAISAL 

USED CAR DEPT. 

TO M BENSON CHEVROLET 
94oo SAN PEDRO 

734-CHEVROLET 

LITTLE OR NO CREDIT? 
IF your have a job and *3oo 
We con sell YOU A cor! 
CLARK'S AUTO SALES l i l t WEST AVE. 
734-79*9 

76 MALIBU S2495 
*8o3 South Flores 

734 CHEVROLET 
734 CHEVROLET 

'74 Chevy Impala. 4-dr., small V8. 
Air, power, auto., new radial*. 
AM-FM, 32,ooo miles. Very nice! 
*2 6 9 V 655 3844 

734 CHEVROLET 
73 4 -CHEVROLET 

4 C h e v r o l e t I m p o l o , 4 d o o r aidtop. Looded, Including AM 
M 8 track stereo. Leavtna State 
I* 4o79 
____________ 
2 Chevy Bet Air. 4 cyl., outomo- c. *25o 922-8441. utter© 1974 Silver with i/, vinyl root and Inter­ io r finance. Must sell 
Mario 433 1444_________ 
I* 275 166o 

I '71 Chevy Caprice, V8, 4oo. Fullv 
I loaded, 3 new tires, *1,4oo or best 
oWer Coll otter Spm. 927-3o4o. 
! '48 Chew Impala, 2 dr, VS, aute, 
*4oo. 433-o758. 
_______________ 
'47 Chevy im pala. Needs work 
824-4584. 
72 C H E V Y IM P A L A S E D A N 
<5138o 
AIR, 
AUTO. 
SHARP! i 435-1441 

>■155 ANO NI W5 
■74 C h e w Im p a la C u sto m , I owner. 824-9545, 495-8o54 

75 CHEVY IMPALA 
4-door, au to m atic, air, power 
Nice family car! 
...................*3o95 
____________ 734-4321_____________ j 
'74 Chevy Malibu classic wagon, loaded, very clean, reasonable. 
Call 454-oo43 or 454-4143.________ 
•IS C h e w M a lib u Classic.' I owner 824-9545, 495-8o54 
___ 
71 C H E V Y M O N T E C A R LO 
*1385. A IR , A U T O , 2 DOOR ' 
HARDTOP. CLEAN. 435-1441 
1974 Chevy Monte Carlo Landau full power. M u tt sell now. Will help finance. Call Woody 433-1464 

•75 C h e w M o m a 4-speed, 4 cylinder 824-9565, 695-8o54_______ 
‘72 C h e w N o va. 6 c y l., low m ileag e 
E x c e lle n t condition. 
*1595 623-5155.__________________ 
'48 Chevy Wagon 4$,o41 miles, air, std. Coll: 344-3955___________ 
7! Fleetwood. 35o engine, stond , air, new tires. 4J7So 1-538-28o9 

'75 Chevy Monza 2+2, V-8 auto, 
23,ooo mi, new tires. 
*32oo. 
3*4-7oo9. 

 iiipolo '73, 4 dom tics 5I OOO mi like new *14oo 532 8491 __________ 
75 IM PALA 4 DOOR 
Power, air *3ooo 1-429-182o 
*76 IM P ALA 4 door, mint condi­ tion 8,3oo miles *4495 434-oo3? 
‘72 Impala 2-door, fully equipped, 
*1495 May be seen atter 5 3o at 
8o5 Moursund Blvd. 
•74 Impala. 4-dr. hardtop Power, auto., 47,ooo mi. *165o 474 2578 
'7o Impala. 4 dr, running, needs repairs. *325. Call: 435-5511 

• I i M O N T E C A R L O , ta k e up 
|| payments, 92+4671______________ 
I '74 Monte Carlo. AM-FM stereo, 
I tapedeck. Cruise control, new tires. Low mileage. Very clean. ofter 5 pm: 684 8548_____________ 
'73 Monte Carlo.' kully equipped. 
Power, a ir, extra clean, *2385. 
9o°c financing available. 224-441o 
'71 Monte Carlo 35o V8. loaded, low mi., A-' cond 333-3777_______ 

73 MONTE CARIO $248o 
Like new, one owner. 828-6959 anytime________________________ 
72 Monte Carlo, automatic, air, power steering, vinyl top. *2595. i Coll Manuel 341-9433, 349-7273 
; '76 Monte Carlo 35o V8, auto , air, power, AM -FM stereo. Like new. 
< *4495 927-2651. 
-76 Monte Carlo Dark m etallic blue with 1 I white vinyl roof. Must see now w ill help finance Coll 
; Dick 433-1444 

2 LINES 
IO DAYS 

NON COMMERCIAL! 
CANCIILABIF 
WITHOUT 
RATE CHANGE 
2 2 5 - 1 6 6 6 
QUICK RESULTS! 

/jl) 743 AUTOMOBILES 
Son Antonio EXPftESS-NEW S— Sunday April 17, 1 9 7 7 

" 
7 
3 
o 
743 AUTOMOBILES 
73o 743 AUTOMOBILES 
73o 743 AUToM88I1ES 

_ _ 
P a g e 23 C 
73o 743 AUTOMOBILES 

RI AT A 
CADILLAC 

3 17 LEXINGTON 
226-7221 

12,ooo IYJ./12 MO. 
CADILLAC VALUE 
PROTECTION PLAN 
SERVICE AGREEMENT 
ON MOST 7 7 , 76, 
75, and 7 4 MODELS 
CADILLACS 

SIVIUE 
/ / Buxomly 
. . . 
Burgondy 
1 1 , 9 5 o 

COUPE DeVIUE . . . 
_ _ _ 
7 7 White White 
* 1 1 , 7 5 o 

SEDAN OeVIUE , , _ 
7 7 Blue Blue 
* 1 o , 2 5 o 

 seville 
_ _ _ 
/ O Green Green 
* 1 o , 9 5 o 

(tOORAOO 
7 6 Cream Ion 
‘ 9 9 5 o 

. 7 , 
SEDAN DeVIUE s o , c n 
/ O Blue Blue 
9 6 5 o 

. 7 A COUPE DeVIUE i QACn 
I O Yellow White 
* 9 4 5 o 

M O R A D O 
7 5 B lur Blue 
7 9 5 o 

. , c SEDAN DeVILLE 
. . . 
/ 5 Brown White 
7 6 5 o 

, , c SEDAN DeVIUE 
/ 5 Slue Blue 
7 4 5 o 

SEDAN DeVIUE 
/ 5 Silver Silver . 
7 4 7 5 

 t — , CALAIS Sedan 
, , . . . 
7 5 Yellow Black . 
6 4 5 o 

, 7 C CALAIS COUPE w o t m 
7 5 Blue While 
6 9 9 o 

SEDAN DeVIUE 
< r r r t - 
7 4 Yellow Ton 
5 5 9 o 

BROUGHAM 
. 
. 
. 
. 
. 
7 2 Willow Brown 
3 9 9 o 

• T O COUPE DeVILLE 
J I Blue White 
3 2 9 U 

OTHER M A K E S 

PONTIAC GRAN PRIX 
1 6 Maroon White 
’ 5 4 9 o 

' T A CHEV IMPALA j e w r y * 
I O Coupe Blue 
4 4 5 o 

FOR RIATA’S 
SPECIAL 
OF THE D A Y - 
DIAL 
22 RI ATA o r 2 2 7 4 2 8 2 i 

NEW and PRE-OWNED 
CAR SALES 
SHOWROOMS 
Open Mon.-Fri. 8 A.M. 
To 6 P.M. 
Sa*. 8 A.M. to 4 P.M. 
SHOP INDOORS 

F 
’ t T r a n c h e r o 1 ' " 
® 

SW ING INTO SPRING W ITH 
A BENSON USED CAR OR TRUCK 
71 CAMARO 6 automatic, radio 
................. 
— 2142 *1696 
75 PLYMOUTH Brougham pkg., lo a d e d 
■3*215o $2795 
77 CAPRICE loaded, factory w a rra n ty ...................................= 2 1 6 o $5795 
76 VoLARE WAGON i£S££!\ 
=m, ‘5o95 
* Y A r A M 
A D 
A white, 6-cylmder, automatic, 
% A # f | F 
I O 
V . M I T I M l \ U power steering, radio, aid 
- o 8 5 8 
4 
o 
7 
J 

* 7 C ^ / T D l / C T T C blue, T top, AM FM, loaded, 
M O C 
J J v W l m V fc I I t automatic, 3 5 o e n g in e ............................. 
= 1o39 
/ " I # J 

* T F C D I l i n s 
Riviera, blue, loaded with extras, 
% F r 
ZP 
/ « / D U IV . IV a lot of car for the m o n e y st 11 7GA 
D D # * / 

C l I D V 
Sport Coupe, green, 
S O C f l C 
/ D 
I U I L I loaded, bucket s e a ts .................... 
= 1185 
J J V J 
75 MUSTANG 2 + 2, blue, 4 speed, air . . 
= | 3o6 ^3195 
75 PINTO 
=i454 s2595 
’ T A C A IU ! A D 
A orange, 6 cylinder, automatic, 
S A O O I Z t o V M 
I Y I M l W radio, power s te e rin g ................. 
371486 
H 
/ Y 
D 
73 OLDS 98 v^uopblue: loodt'.d: .. 
«Mm S1995 
76 MONZA 
LTd^i,™ . 
=is46a s3695 
72 OLDS 98 
^ baded 
=1588 s1495 
74 AUDI FOX 
™ ‘3295 
75 CORVETTE 
*"*"*• 
=,658 7395 
72 DODGE loaded, power windows, AM FM 
TS I 75oA S1495 
TRUCKS 

’ 7 3 f H 
F 
V 
Y green, loaded, 
$ 9 > 1 o C 
F O K , M C Y I good work truck......................................... 
=o573 
£ H 7 D 
72 FORD 2 $ : A o . ......... =™bu $1995 
76 CHEVROLET Bonanza package................................... 
= 2 o 8 o s4595 n j C L I V 
I ton dual wheel, silver, 
O f l f i O L m E V I loaded, AM /T M , sharp................................ 
ZZ 1944 
D O / D 

I T C e n P 
H 
3/4-ton, green, 4 speed, V -8, radio, 
$ 9 o o C 
§ J r v l \ l / power steering, auxiliary tanks...................... 
= 1 2 4 2 
* 1 # # D 
Tan Benson 
M3 
Dm 

L — J 

LOOP 4 1 o & SAN PEDRO 
3 4 1 - 3 3 1 4 

3-GREAT NEW PONTIACS 

» n i m 

7 7 LEM ANS 

2-door hardtop, V-8, fac­ tory air conditioning, autom atic, radio, power steering, power brakes, rally wheels, white wall steel-belted tires, tinted glass, side moldings 
$51 89 

77 ASTRE 
^ 

2-door, iron duke 4-cylind­ 

 er, white wall fires, factory 

 oir conditioning, tinted 

 glass, power steering, 

 radio, autom atic, custom 

 seats 

C U u r 
77 GRAND PRIX 

V 8, autom atic, factory air conditioning, rally wheels, power steering, power 

 brakes, sport mirrors, white wall steel- belted radial tires, tinted glass, 
AM EM stereo, tilt wheel 
*5895 

GT, outom etx. fir, (»«•> 
»!«'»], 47,ooo m ile s ... 
| i ) z g g 
S 6 9 3 8 A ....... 4 o o o 
HOO, ooKmb«ik, 
Ste- 
I 
*4188 
SUPERIOR PONTIAC 
711 BROADWAY 227-5o41 

7 4 FORD 
G & ..W T *2 6 8 8 
74 CHEVROLET 
Custom Deluxe Vt to*, stair- 
Sn#:......*2988 
75 FORD Bm euiametit. mr. j t n n n a tW k 
4 4 o o 
7 5 RANCHERO 
Squirt, automatic, air, power steeling, power brakes, 
AM TM stereo, 21,7oo mites, 
' " z w r : . ‘4 6 8 8 
7 4 FORD mg, extra w* SOOOO camper, 864/6A OOOO 
1*1oo, automatic, power steering, 
7 5 FORD. 
AM mi to ... 
3I7159A 
*3688 
’ r e m o n inh’ b iit - jo , 
9 r* automatic, power 

!73 Chevy Im p ala. 4 dr 
G reat cond. *1595 Trode 343 7o*3. 
72 KINGSWOOD WAGON Radio. air. auto. ilSCO. 341 2285. 534-2652 eve*. 
L IT T L E OOWN P A Y M E N T on 
Good Used C a r*!! We Finance. 
We a lto finance New C ar*. We 
Take Application By Phone! Call: 
Joe 
Edgehouse 
222-8611 or 
222-1485 

 steering, power brakes, 
21 ooo miles, deluxe two- 
SJW 
‘4888 
75 FORD dim, standard 
3o2, AM FM cassette, moan reel, dual tanks t i / a a 
... abJOK ... 
4 o o o 
7 5 DODGE 2&IWTI 

 cylinder, poor steering, 
2o,ooo mites, 
SO OOO 
*7o14*.......... OOOO 
7 5 R A N G E R (wtomatK, en, p«w,r pawer brakes, AM IM slaraa, colat. 
SS-."?". 74 J 88 
NORTH 
CENTRAL FORD 

9 8 o o SAN PEDRO 

 p ^ 3 4 1 - 5 5 7 1 , SXT.3oo^ J 
| l 

734 - CHtYWHiT 
Take over payment* bn '74 Chev­ rolet Caprice. No equity. C all: 
82+o918 ask for Fred, ofter I: 
I 922-7757________________________ i Take over payments on ‘74 Nova 
I Call 222-o984 ask For Dennis after 
| I; 454-4321 
_ 

;T a k e o ve r pay m e n ts on '75 ' 
C o m o ro C all 222-o984 ask fo r 
: Dennis after 8 -656-4321________ 
I 
72 VEGA *475 
_______ best offer 456 loop________ 
'71 vega Hatchback! 2-dr., std., j air, clean. *125o. 432-o565________ 
I ‘is Vega hatchback coe, *23o4.' I 
435-2485 22+829o 341-4493_________ | 
I '74 Vega, loaded, clean, *13oo 
I After 5pm 534-5136_______________ 
' 74 Vega Wagon. Air. radio. *125o. 
Call: 82+7644 

* o * 

 r n 

"S P e c tA L S f 
/T T T 
D A k l T I I F 
OrtaUno 4 deer, tociory av spotti mww, raftya whovii. and 
/ / KUN I I A U mony .vita., 4o5o miles. »t4cU* 3-226 RESTA HMC! iy/L 
[ A n n Cobra Coup#, factory ox, autonoetic honsmaoMn. V-l oogina sports 
/ O r v K V mar or AM-IM slaraa with 8 hock, stock no 3-33o lobular poco 
$4495. . . RESTA Pf la ................................................................................... 

*5588 

*4288 

735 CHRYSLER 

7 7 MODEL 

CARS AVAILABLE 

AT REASONABLE 
RATES AND TERMS. 

TOW NE and COUNTRY 
LEASING 
349-3981 — 

BOEHNE MOTORS INC 
CHRYSLERS 
PLYM OUTHS 
DODGE and CMC PICKUPS 
823 No. Main Boerne 249-3564 
I 

DIRECT LINE: 226 5515 i '76 Chrysler Cordova. Loaded 
; Equity and assume. 734-9675 after 
1 

1 :3 8 .__________________________________ 
•62 CHRYSLER NEW PORT, nice. 
I 

.p o w e r, a ir, rad io , a u to ; new brakes, front suspension. *275 

13218 Greenacres D r_____________ 
74 CHRYSLER NEW PORT load ed, like new *315o 655-3156_______ 
CHRYSLER PLYMOUTH CITY 
' 
7ooo NW LOOP 41o at Culebra j____________ 68+461o__________ __ 
I 75 Cordoba, Low miles Like new 
1*4495 Will trode 923 2883_________ 
49 4 dr N ew p o rt, a ir, pow er, 
7o,ooo m iles, good cond. *85o 
After 
6 pm and weekends 
494-4548. 

7 7 / 
D f M k lY I A f * 
Grand Fn« SJ, AM-FN stereo with 8 hock, tv! power, .-oJFye 
/ O r V / N I I M v wheel and mony «liras Very nice, stock ne. 1-134 tegvkw IC T fftC price $4295 
. FIESTA W a 
3 / Y 3 j 
/* * y n S M I T I A 7 * 
Grand Pm, redye whee*, sport mirrors, amyl fop, and mony l o rQNTIAC. extras, stock ne 12-1o948 Yepuksr Pm. $549? 
FH5TA p « a .................................................................................................................... 
/ra # 
O ^M s J T I A Z " Catalina Sgfon 
Wapen, 9 p o t* jo t fodery ox. lu jfo®* 
I O r W N I I A V v reek, dean A many extras, stock ne 1o-1oo48 Segulor price 
$4 o o o 
$559$ . . . FIESTA P«»CI 

* 9 o o o 
75 
3-2o3A Popular pnce $3395 . . 

1 Supreme 2 doer vm^ reef roffye r 
. . FIESTA P«ta 
PONTIAC 

JACK REIGER 
CHRYSLER PLYM OUTH 
581o SAN PEDRO 
732 8211 
71 TOWN 4 COUNTRY Chrysler wagon. I-owner *115o. 344-9544 

73S DOHSE 

D A U T I A ^ * Ventura 2 deer, mea Ii dean, (artery air, V-8 engine auto- 
K V 
I I I I A Va mo Iv hontromwp power steering, power brakes, stock ne 
3-2o3A Regular pnce $3395 . 
FUST A P tO ............................................ l f c A i n C U A D I I C Cutkm Supreme 2 deer, (actory av, AM radio with I 
/ 3 U L U d m v D I L C hock, vmy( reef, tody* wheels, and mony extras, stock ne. 1-124 Regular pnce $449$ 
------------- 
/ * y r 
D A k l T I A T 
Grand Prix, factory av. vmyt reef, hilly leaded, nice deon car, 
I O P U N T I A V . stock na i i i 1o2baguio, pnce $4895 
TOTA PRO 

7 * * c 
D H A I T I A K * 
®*°nd Am, faciery av, automat* honsmasson redye wheeh, 
/ 3 1 w l N 11 A v * sportsmvrer ond many eihas stock ne 9-9Jo Regular prxe 
$4495 . . . FIESTA PRK* ..................................................................................... 
/ ■ i i b i s / x i A i I T L J Gofd Duslar av condition ac. to mo Iv hensmusion, 6 cyL 
/ 4 P L Y M v U I I i indvr power steering, vinyl roof stock no 4-347 Regvkw price $2795 
TOTA P t iQ .................................................................. l f A 
T A V A T A 
Cehco 2 deer, air condition automatic fransmosien 4 cyhn- 
/ A 
I U T U I A der, nice door. car, itoci ne 3 2o7 Regular price $3395 
TOTA PRICE ............. ................................................ 
............................ 
7 4 OLDSMOBILE 
S3695 
FIESTA iRICt 
......................................... 
- ........................ l f A 
/ " e n c l 
Manta 2 door Coupe, 4 cylinder, ait condition, 4 speed honsmtsMen. 
/ H U P C L nxe deon cor. stack no. 1-118 R Regukh prxe $2195. 
TOTA p t i a .............................- .................................................................................... 
Electra 22$, 2 daw factory av. AM-FM stereo nay! real, and mony extras stock no 1o-991. legator price $42(5 . . . TOTA PRICE . 

*3188 

*4188 
*4388 

Custom Cruiser Wagon, factory or automate transmis­ sion, luggage rack, stock no 2-1 AB Regular pm# 

•7o CHALLENGER VS, auto. 
I power *75o 922-8441 air. 

734 • CHEVROLET 

I*72 Challenger RT. 383 magnum. 
J A M -FM , cassette. Power, mags, 
‘ sidepipes. burglar alarm . Must see to appreciate1 S22oo 684 2766 
73 

•74 M O N ? L C A R LO L a n d a u , clean. Silver, block interior, full power, new radials. 41,ooo mi. extra nice, must sell 53+21o4 

71 C H A R G E R , low m ile s , re a l 
I nice, *1295 494-5313._____________ 
'71 Charger SE, air, power, mags, a m tm 8 tra c k stereo, a Odd cond 
*1395 435-841o, 435 3433 

BUICK 
D I 
Centurion 4 deer. faciery ok. automatic transmission, power steer- 
D U I v l V mg ond power brakes, vinyl leef, stock ne. 3-192 Regular price $2695. . 
RESTA PRICE ............ 
- .......................................... 
Challenger, factory ow, automatic transmission, V-8 engine,, power 1 reefing and power brakes, sleek ne. 2-163 Regular 
T O T A PRICE 
............................................................................................................. 
Formula V, av condition. 4 spood. AM-FM 1 tor OO. stock no. I-1 TOA Regular price $2395 . . . 

74 Monte Carlo Landau, clean. 
' 73 ch arg er SE Brougham 4 4 o , 
.... loaded, air, am tm 8 frock, 43,ooo mi *235o or best offer 344-143o__ 
71 Dart 2-door, auto *785. best 
Ofter 656 1ooo____________________ 

GS DART CTS S795 
________________________________ Excellent! 654-2478, 4*1-1131 
'72 NOVA Coupe, V I, air, power 
73 Dart Swinger 2-dr Blue, white steering Real bargain at *1795. vinyl roof Blue int., auto, 4 cyl. 
Now *1575 
A ir, p o w er, 12ooo. 223-1831 ; i i i * BROADWAY 
223-1549 

Silver, block interior, full power, new radials 41,ooo mi. extra nice, must sell 534 21o4_______________ 
M UST SE LL 
72 Biscayne. VS 
4 door, power, air, nice *1395. 
Will toke trode 455 5o/7_________ 
•75 Nova, auto, air, power, orig owner off 5 655 3288 *2995 

DODGE pore $2995 . 
73 VOIKSWAGEN 
TOTA PRICE........................ 

_ Ambassador. 4 door. AM IM stereo (a rte ry oir autom atic, ond mony 

7 4 A M 
C stack no ? 168. Regular price S7395 
FIESTA PRUE 

*4188 

*2288 

*2988 

.*3288 

*1988 
*3688 

*2188 

*2495 

*2195 

‘ 1 9 9 5 
SUPERIOR PONTIAC 
711 BROADWAY 
227 5o41 
• 
• 
92o BROADWAY 
OPEN EVENINGS 

34 +9413, 349 7271 
Monte Carlo 197* full power, must sell now and will help finance. Call 
Woody 4337464_________________ 

IS 22* 166o 
I X PBI SS AND NIWS 

72 Nova. 4 door, v-8, auto, air, power. »295 432-2444; 432 266o 
'69 NOVA. 4-dr., new tires. V8, air, good shape, i96o 
227-8117 or 
732 5291. 

74 Dodge Challenger, automatic, a ir, power. 31,ooo miles. *3295. 
Call Manuel 341-943 3 , 349 7 2 7 3 
736 DODGE 
736 DODGE 
736 DODGE 

1973 HOOGE CHARGER 
2 door hardtop Air, autom atic, power. 4o,ooo miles ..............*1995 
716-4321 

74 DODGE COLT 
922 7933 AFTER 5:3o 
49 Dodge Dart, radio, heater, air, pow er, new paint, very clean, must sell! 924-15o8 

7o DODGE MONACO 4 dr hard top. loaded, *895 (24-1354. 
47 Dodge Coronet. Rower steer­ ing, auto , air. *75o 656-681o 
'73 DODGE POLARD $1395 

75 Dodge Dart, auto, oir, cruise. J 
. Best offer. 349-59o2, 342-588o 
1971 Dodge Demon 34o, *12oo. 
696 2748 after 5 3o 
CAU 22* 1o66 

P a g e 2 4 C _ 
_ 

 im 743 AUIOMOBIUS 

San Antonio EXPRESS N E W S — Sunday April 1 7 , I 9 7 7 

73o 743 mmm\m 
73P-/43 <IBToWB8»US 
73o 743 AUIDMD8IUS 

MISSION CHEVROLET 
USED CAR SPECIALS 
MECHANICAL I N S U R A N C E A V A I L A B L E 
ON MOST CARS. I 2 MONTHS OR 
I 2,ooo MILES. GET DETAILS. 

3 I 

*76 CORVETTE 

W h ite w ith to d d le in te rio r, 
V S . uvt©mfit«< tro A im n iio A flow er i NWflngt Rower brahec cir ion* ditioeed, radm white iidew olh, AAA EAA stereo, tilt wheel, I 5,ooo wile*. . . . . . . . 

76 IMPALA SEDAN 

’76 OLDS CUTLASS SUPREME 

76 

76 

75 

75 

’75 

’75 

75 

*75 

7 5 

’75 

74 

74 

’74 

74 

*74 

74 
*74 

74 

73 

G o ld , 
V -8 , au to m a tic , p o w e r s te e rin g , p o w e r b ro k e t, a ir i a u d itio n e d , ra d io , w h it* s id e w a ll*. lO W M IIIA G I.............................................................. a u to m a tic tra m m is tio n 
3 5 o V S , air c o n d itio n ed , p o w e r tte o rin g , p o w e r b ro k e t, rad io w h ite tid e w o llt. la n d a u v in y l to p , b u cket te a tt, console b l u e ................................. 
FORD GRANADA d er, a u to m a tic tra n s ­ m ission, p o w e r s te e rin g . S ilv e r, ra d io . . . . . . . . . 
M H U A r n i l D C Id n h o g o n y 
6 cylin d er, a u to - 
I t U f A V V I U r s m atte fronsm ission, a ir 

8495 | 

442 95 

44995 

‘3695 

 ato n in g . p o w e r s te e rin g , w h e e ls ........................... .. roily 
• ■ s i i n n CLASSIC S ID A N , buckskin w ith b e ig e 
Psi A l l ES U v in y l to p . 
V -S , o u fo m o tic tre n s - m isston. p o w e r s te e rin g , p o w e r b ro k e s , air c o n d itio n e d , ra d io , w h ite sid ew alls, cruise con- tro l, tilt w h e e l.......................................................................... 
MONTE CARLO COUPE w h ite v in y l to p , 
V S , a u to m a tic tran sm issio n , p o w e r s teerin g . p o w e r b rakes, a ir co n d itio n e d , ra d io , w h ite s id e w a lls ...................................................................................... 
MERCURY COMET COUPE 6 cylinder. 
S ta n d a rd transm ission, ra d io , n e w w h ite w a lls , lo w m ile a g e 
................................................ ................. ... 
WRD GRAND TORINO SEDAN 
G re e n w ith b e ig e v in y l to p , 
V S , au to m a tran sm issio n , p o w e r s te e rin g , p o w e r b in k, a ir co n d itio n e d , ra d io , w h ite s id e w a lls ............. 
TOYOTA CORONA WAGON Si,veT d o r, a u to m a tic tran sm issio n , w h ite s id e w a lls , r a c k ................ 

4 cylin ro d io . ta il g a te . 

HONDA CIVIC HATCHBACK S M ' c y lin d e r. 4 sp e e d , ra d io , n e w w h ite sid e w a lls . ■ . 
MALIBU CLASSIC COUPE w h ite v in y l to p , 
V 8 . a u to m a tic transm ission, p o w e r s te e rin g , p o w e r b ra k e s , a ir co n d itio n e d , ra d io , w h ite s id e w a lls ............................................................ ... 
MALIBU CLASSIC W AGON iLeV,ocoJ to n , 
VS, a u to m a tic transm ission p a w e r s te e rin g , p o w e r b ra k e s , a ir c o n d itio n ed , ra d io . steering, pow er bn w hite sidewalls. . . 

 enatic tran sm issio n , p o w e r s te a rin pa, ra d io , w h ite s id e w a lls . 

 a u to m a tic transm ission. p o w e r s te e rin g , p o w e r b ro k e s , air c o n d itio n ed , ra d io , w h ite sid ew alls. L O W M IK AGE 
................................. 
D I M T f t 3 DO O R W A G O N . Slue 
4 cy lin d e r, 4 n r * J U speed, ra d io , w h ite s id e w a lls . 
Top 
R a c k 
....................................................................................... r A D D I C T * 
G OOR 
HAR D TO P. 
D ark b ro w n v A r l i l v X w ith b e lg a v in y l to p , V -8 , a u to ­ m a tic transm ission, b ra k e s , a ir co n d itio n al 
PONTIAC GRAND PRIX COUPE 
B u rgundy w ith w h ite v in y l to p , V -8 , a u to m a tic , p o w e r s te e rin g , p o w e r b ra k e s , cur co n d itio n ed , ra d io , w h ite s id e w a lls , b u c k e t seats, console. . . 
PLYMOUTH SATELLITE COUPE 
B lue w ith w h ite v in y l to p , 
V S , a u to m a tic transm ission, p o w e r s te e rin g , p o w e r b ra k e s , a ir co n d itio n ed , ra d io , w h ite s id e w a lls ........................... 

 r u e M I IID ®*o e 
6 c y lin d e r, a u to m a tic tran s- 
U n l m l f l i m ission, ra d io , w h ite s id e w a lls . . . , 
NOVA SEDAN V B , a u to m a tic transm ission, p o w e r s te e rin g , p o w e r b ra k e s , a ir c o n d itio n ed , ra d io , w h it# s id e w a lls ............................................................ 
MONTE CARLO S T ? # . vh8’,eaJS: m atte transm ission, p o w e r s te e rin g , p o w e r b ra k e s , a ir co n d itio n e d , ra d io w h ite s id e w a lls . . . 

■static transm iss­ ion. p o w e r s te e rin g , p o w e r b ra k e s , o ir con­ d itio n e d , ra d io , w h ite s id e w a lls ....................................... 

438 95 

43695 

*4295 

7695 

42995 

*3295 

424 95 

43695 

436 95 

*2695 

41995 

43295 

43695 

42895 
42295 

428 95 

436 95 

42295 

' 7 3 f A D U H T f T T A P M e ta llic o ra n g e , V 8 
/ «5 v U K V C I I C I 
I U r a u to m a tic transm iss­ io n , p o w e r s te e rin g , p o w e r b ra k e s , a ir con­ d itio n e d , ra d io , w h ite s id e w a lls , t ilt w h e e l, c ir O f lC ro ily w h e e ls ..................................................................... 
J O T J 

 t o r 
SPEC !#! E D ITIO N COUPE. Blue With 
/ A 
U U U U E w h ite v in y l to p . 
V -8 , a u to m a tic transm ission, p o w e r s te e rin g , p o w e r b ra k e s , J O O O C w h ite sid e w a lls , A M -F M r a d io ....................................... 
’73 FORD GRAND TORINO SEDAN lig h t g re e n , V 8 , a u to m a tic transm ission, p o w e r s te e rin g , p o w e r b ra k e s , a ir co n d itio n ed , ra d io . J O O Q C w h ite sid ew alls, n e w tire s ................................................ 
I t " 3 
7 3 OLDS CUTLASS SUPREME COUPE 
B urg u n d y w ith ch a m p a g n e v in y l top. 
V 3- o u to m a tic transm ission, p o w e r s te e rin g , p o w e r s n O O C b ra k e s , a ir c o n d itio n ed ra d io , w h ite s id e w a lls . . i v 
T J 

Top dollar paid for clean cars. 
See us if you have one to sell. 
M IS S IO N 
C H E V R O L E T 
PHONE 
12oo S.E. Military 
924-2311 

ALAMO AHC 

Y our NEW A m erican M otors 
D ea ler invites you to ta k e p a rt in the 

AMI ttfemlin 

Am erican Motors 
■a C4II 
I 

( 
A m e r i c a n 
I 
I giveaway 

Buy any new AMC Car aith factory air and get your choice of these All-American Giveaways. 

$4 o o 

$4 o o 

 in accommodations at any 
Americana Hotel. 

 in travel on American Airlines. 

$ 
^ 
o 
o worth of American Tourister luggage. 

N O W THRU JUNE. TOTH 

Come fey fo r d etails a n d m e e t our courteous sales s ta ff an d see our n e w ly re o rg a n iz e d service d e ­ 

 p a r t m e n t . 

FE A L A M O AHC 

AMERICAN MOTORS 

F o r m e r ly A l K o m r a y A M C 
I I T ! S a n P e d r o 
2 2 7 - 7 5 1 1 

! 737-FORD 
» * 
7 7 MODEL 

CARS AVAILABLE 

I '73 C o u n try Sedan W agon, fu ll 
I, power and air, $1495 Easy credit term s available. 
W ill finance. 
225-6452. 

AT REASONABLE 
RATES A N D TERMS. 

C R E D IT 
A P P L IC A T IO N 
Bv 
Phone W ith L ittle C redit you Con 
D rive A NEW or USED CAR or 
T R U C K ! C a ll: Je s u s Z a p a ta 
222-8611 or 222 1685 

T O W N E awd COUNTRY 

•74 E lite . I o w n e r, e x c e lle n t! I 
R ow er, new M ic h e lin ra d ia ls 
$3195 
B eing tra n s fe rre d , m ust sell! 696-9653; 349-532) 
LEASING 
'7o Foirlane 2-dr. 3o2, oir, power 
: steering $4oo. 342-7o91. 
349-3981 
7o FA IR LAM B WAGON, $75o 
MUST S E LL! 828-6959 HU R R Y! 
1965 Ford auto Good m echanical c o n d itio n . N e e d s p a in t. $6oo ( 
925-8555 -8: to 4 
736 DOUGE 

76 Dodge ' j Ton p ic k u p O n ly 
1o,ooo m i Like new W ill help fin ­ ance. Call Tim 433-1464 

1967 F ord Econoline Van V e ry 
'• good condition. W ill help finance, must sell now. Call L a rry 433-1464 

6$ FORD 6 standard $35o. m ake otter. 732-3824 
11976 Ford E lite By owner. Like new. Blue w ith w h ite vin yl top. 

73?-FU R O 

 pow er s te e rin g , p o w e r brakes, power seats C ruise control, AM 
PM radio, factory air, CB radio 

SANK REPOSSESSIONS 
A V A ILA B LE 
Take up paym ents w ith q u a lifie d credit. Applications accepted by phone. No application refused 
MR 
E A R L 
227-141$ 

; 11,ooo miles From 2: to 6: P M. I 
533-1579 
76 F o rd E lite . L o a d e d ! N ic e , 
826*9565, 695-8o56 
76 Ford E lite Priced Just Right! if se rio u sly in te re s te d c a ll 
R i­ chard M oreno 222-8611 or 222-1685 

RIB COUNTRY FORD j 
S an Antonio 
C all: 227-o86o 

‘71 F o rd G a ia xie , good ca r, bv owner $1o5o 923-o789. 
73 F ord G aiaxie. lo a d e d ! AM - 
' 
PM stereo. Take up paym ents or 
1 
$2283 C all: 6t.l-744l Sunday 
* (Hi N utostv 16 £ A il 
IS 2 2 5 -1 6 6 6 
I XPRISS AND NI W / 

I 

CALI 2 2 5 -1 6 6 6 

MOST OF OUR QUALITYl 
USED CARS QUALIFY FOR 
MECHANICAL INSURANCE 
COVERAGE 

T h e P o l i t y T h e * l e t s Y o u S ig n A w a y M o s t O f 

T h o C o s t O f M o ^ o r M e c h a n i c a l R e n o i r * f o r 1 1 

M o n f t n O r 
1 7 , o o o M i l o s , 
W h i c h e v e r 
C o m e s f ir s t ! 
. 

4 M O T O R 'S IN S U R A N C E C O R P O R A T I O N * 

S T A T IO N W A G O N S P E C IA L S 

* 1 1 A l A C V>* a t rin ser, g re e n , w o o d g ru m fid e s , 
7 I U L U ) a u to m a tic , a tt, V S , p o w e r s te e rin g a n d b ra k e s . A M ra d io , 44,939 m ilo s ..................... 

 y e y u C U D f T I E T M a lib u 
C o n to u rs 
W a g o n , 
/ £ $ .1 1 1V K U H I g re e n , g re e n v in y l in te rio r, a u to m a tic , a ir, p o w e r s te e rin g a n d b ra k e s , 
A M ra d io , ro o f r o c k ......................................................... 
' T X M E D D I D V C o,ol,T Pa rk W a g o n g ro a n w / 
/ <3 I T l l n l v n l w o o d g ra in , v in y l sides, a u to ­ m a tic , a ir, p o w e r s te e rin g , p o w e r b ra k e s , 
A M ra d io , ro o f rac k , p o w e r ta ilg a te , 4 9 .o 7 o m i l e s ........................................................................................ | 

' 7 1 A i n e Cv“ ,o m 
C ruiser 
W a g o n , b u rg u n d y 
/ «3 V 
I I / ) w w o o d g ra in sides, a u to m a tic , a ir, p o w e r steerin g a n d b ra k e s , p o w e r w in d o w s, a n d locks. 6 w o y p o w e r seats, tilt, cruise, 
A M -F M s te re o , ro o f ra c k ................................................ 
' T S A l fkC C ustom C ruiser, y e llo w w ith b e ig e in- 
• «3 V 
I l f J te rio r, a u to m a tic , o ir, p o w e r s te e rin g a n d b ra k e s , p o w e r ta ilg a te , ro o f rock, A M - 
FM s tereo , 45^947 m ile s ................................................ 
' T X A i n e Vistocruiser, w h ite w ith w o o d g ro in 
/ 3 V I l r J sides, a u to m a tic , o ir, p o w e r ste e rin g a n d b ra k e s , 
A M -F M s te re o , sun ro o f, ro o f ra c k , 9 p a s s e n g e r............................................................... 

 w h ite w ith b lu e 

42195 

S1895 

42795 

42 7 9 5 

42 7 95 

433 95 

43995 

■ y r r A f j n ITO S ta tio n W a g o n , w h i1 
• 3 r w n l l V inyl in te rio r, a u to m a tic , o ir, p o w e r s te e rin g end b ra k e s . 
A M ra d io , ro o t rock w h ite s id e w a ll b r e v ........................................................ 
• y r C l U n / C e n tu ry Custom W a g o n , b ro n ze w ith i 3 D U H . A w o o d g rain , v in y l sides, a u to m a tic , a ir, 3 5 o , V S , p o w e r s te e rin g a n d b rakes, A M - 
FM s tereo , p o w e r w in d o w s , re a r w in d o w c e n n r d e fro s te r. 2 9 ,6 o 9 m ile s ................................................. 

' T £ r s t f i r Cutlass S uprem e W a g o n , silv e r, blue 
/ O V 
I I / J v in y l in te rio r, a u to m a tic , o ir, p o w e r S t J Q C s te e rin g and b ra k e s , A M -F M s te re o , ro o f ra c k .. 3 1 7 3 

]~ 
OTHER IFINE CARS TO CHOOSE 

, , , 
. . . 4 d o o r, b lu e w ith w h ite to p , 
O O l U i l A j ) a u to m o tic , 
V S . o ir, p o w e r s te e rin g , p o w e r b ra k e s , A M R adio, e x c e lle n t. 
. _ _ _ 
M u st see this o n e ............................................................. 
895 

'A O D A M T I A f C a ta lin a , g re e n , g re e n in te rio r, 
O r r U m 
IM s . a u to m a tic , a ir, p o w e r s te e rin g $ 
O D C a n d b ra k e s , A M ................................................................. 
7 7 3 
” 7(\ A i n C Cutlass 4 door, beige with gold in- 
Z U V I Lr 3 terior, automotic, oir- pow er steering i i i A t and brokes, AM ra d io .................................................. 
1 4 /1 3 
■ T A n A H f f Dart 4 door, beige, brown interior, 
I U M V Lr V C automatic, air, pow er steering, j t g n r and brakes, slant 6 , AM radio, one owner car... I O r J 
'7 1 A i n e Cutlass, bronze w ith ton vinyl top, 
I V L l / 3 automatic, oir, pow er steering, and l l n n r brakes, AM radio, very c le a n ................................. 
I 7 7 3 
'7 1 /" L ID V C I CD New port, burgundy w / white 
7 I I n n I J i l l s vinyl top, autom atic, air, VB. pow er steering and brokes, AM radio, one H O A C owner, very nice............................................................ 
| 
"7 1 A i n e Delta 8 8 Royale Coupe, beige with 
7 I V I l l 3 ton vinyl top, automatic, air, pow er steering and brakes, AM -FM stereo, 4 7 ,9 2 7 c n n n r rn'1* * ............................................................................ £ £ V 3 
' 7 o A i n e De,*° 8 8 ®pyaie 4 door, beige with 
I £ V I I / J green interior, autom atic, oir, pow er 
. . n e steering and brakes, AM ra d io ................ ............* | 4 " J 
' 7 4 f U f V V Im pala custom coupe, green, white 
’ £ i n n 
I vinyl top, automatic, air, pow er m n n r steering, power brakes, AM ra d io ......................... i o 7 3 
' T X n n n r i I * * * Swinger, light blue, w hite 
7 J U u U u i vinyl top, slant o engine, auto­ matic, air, pow er steering, all instruments, e n s /s p 
AM r a d io .................................7 ....................................... . Z I V ) 
• ■Til f l IT I ACC “ S” burgundy w ith white vinyl 
1 7 V U I I A 3 3 top. 
35o, 
VS, automotic, air, j o / n r pow er steering and brakes, AM ra d io ............... 
3 3 7 3 
* 7 A A M / Hornet 4 door, beige with tan in- 
/ y A I t IV terior, 
6 cylinder, automatic, air, y i T O C paw er steering, AM radio, nice c a r...................... 
1 / 7 3 
• y r D l i i r i / Century landau, silver, silver vinyl 
/ J D U I V is top, white, buckets, automatic, air, pow er steering, and brakes, AM -FM stereo. 8 5 1 7 o 5 track, ta p e ......................................... y / 7 3 
■ l r / ' U T I ACC $uPren,e, blue w ith white landau 
7 ) V U I L A 3 3 roof, reversible swivel buckets, 
VS. autom atic, air, pow er steering ana S /iO Q C brakes, AM with 8 track stereo to p e ................. 
*»«J7 J 

• 7 1 / ' U T I ACC Supreme Brougham, silver, silver 
' o V U I I A J ) vinyl top, 
6 o /4 o split bench seats, velour interior, 35o, V 8 , automatic, air, pow er steering and brakes, 
AM-FM SC C A C stereo, 8 track, tilt w h e e l..................................... 
3 3 7 3 

S E R V IC E , W H A T i r s ALL A B O U T 

QUALITY USED CARS 

L E A S IN G 

75o N.I. LOOP 41o AT BROADWAY 
8 2 4 - o 4 1 1 

MAIN SPECIALS 

1 - ti n A t i T i i f &f°nd Pf**. V8, automatic, power, 
IO PO N TIAC black on block 
’ T i AA A D I/ 1^, wcHite moon roof, lips'uk mtenof, 
7 6 IV lA K K every option, * 99 ........... 
»-»/ / . m i . . / Sedan deVille, vtl.de, red interior, 
7 6 C A D ILLA C boded, tike new, = 1oS .. 
. 

’ TC AA A D I/ ,V’ k*ue' (*lomom* 1'"“ moon ro°*' tooderf, 
I J IV lA K K low mileage, local cor, * 166 
, — - u A n i/ W silver, moon roof, silver luxury group, 
I d IV lA K K loaded, —811 

 f r o a i A r u / 
,e(*. white intenor, loaded, 
7 3 M A R K = 1o/ i t 4 u 1 n i ; IV gold, gold luxury group, loaded, local 
7 4 IV lA K K cm, -136 

 i t r r o n n lT^, green, loaded, 34,ooo nu. 
7 5 FURO S/99 
. . . 
XU 7. silver, an power, 5,ooo mil, 
7 6 C O U G A R =i/o 
. I n r Cutlass, blue, blue mn cr, l o OLDS =i8s 

'7 6 C O U G A R 2 i« bi“' 

* 7 f t t 'T O n ^ 
*1l,r^,oP' automatic, air, power. 
I v rU K U perfect second car 
. . . . . . . . 

1 7 / r n n n u r n 
V 8, automatic. 86,o29 nu l o FORD V A N like new 

’ T O AA A D I / 
^ 
9reen, 
/ £ lYlAKK mileage. 

*5195 
*9995 
*7995 
*9695 
*7695 
*5895 
*6995 
*3295 
*5595 

*4695 
*5495 
*1495 

*4595 
*4495 

C 
A 
V 
E 
N 
D 
E 
R 
’ S 

“ 
S P E C 
I A L S ” 

'76 CHEVROLET * L { ^ .S S ! J S S * '‘499S 
76 ToRoNADo 
Brougham coupe, factory air, all power and extras . . . *7295 

 m f / s t n r 
Coronado Coupe, fa c to ry a ir, a ll p o w e r s e / n r 
/ J O L D S and e x tra s . S p e c ia l............................................... 56V5 

' I L . r u t M V 
M o n te Coria Coupe, fa c to ry a ir, a ll j - n n p 
I O v r l l V 
T p o w e r and e x tra s , o n ly 1 o ,o o o m ile s ... 6 Z 7 J 

’ 7 1 A i n e 
Pftha BB H o lid ay Sedan, facto ry a ir, ail 
$ n e n r 
/ 3 U L U S p o w e r an d e x tra s , v in y l top, c le a n 
A n V J 

S T X r n n r 
Cutlass Salon, 4 -d o o r, facto ry a ir, all 
, o o n c 
7 4 U L U ) p o w e r an d e x tra s , d e a n ......................................3 
“ 
V 5 

’75 BUICK S ftS Tw A 
K 
." 11 .r ." .‘3995 

’ 7 J I A l IT C 
Suprem e Coupe, facto ry a ir, a ll t c e n c 
I O 
U L U ) p o w e r a n a e x tra s , stereo , cruise, m a g s .. . 6 4 V 
3 

 i * p m n r 
Cutlass Suprem e Coupe, facto ry a ir, all 
75 OLDS p o w e r an d e x lra s . S p e c ia l............... *4295 

’ 7 1 T U C H V 
,m Pa ,a Custom Coupe, facto ry a ir, oil 

/ £ t n f c Y Y p o w er a n d e x tra s , o rig in a l, clean . . . 

’ 7 9 Prien I T H 
*-d o o r, to tte ry a ir, all p o w e r i V r n W 
* 1 1 / and e x tra s , o rig n a l, c le a n ........... i v , r u e \l Malibu dassie station wagon, factory 
/ 6 .V,f11V air, all power and extras..................... 
,7 m /-ti rwr Custom Cruiser station wagon, factory 
/ 4 U L U ) air, all power and extras, roof rack . . . . 

’ 7 L AA CD TI ID V Monarch 4-door, factory air, all 
I O 
JVlcKvUKT pawer, and extras, low mileage, 4695 

*2295 

*2295 

*3695 

*3695 

 i « / f it f i r Cutlass 442 Coupe, factory 
I O 
U 
L U 
) pawer and extras................. all *4995 

12,ooo MILE OR 12 MONTH MOTORS INSURANCE CORP. 
MECHANICAL INSURANCE AVAILABLE ON MANY OF OUR 
7 4 OR NEWER MODELS 

• ‘ C O N F I D E N C E I S C A V E N D E R ” 
Cavender Oldsmobile Co. 
1oo1 Broadway • 226-7357 • 226-8772 

737 FORD 

7 4 Ford Balanic K U T 
4 d o o r Sedon, A u to m o tic , air. 
V inyl roof, Pow er steering, power brakes 
.......................................$2997 
H E M P H IL L MCCOMBS 
FORD SOUTHSIDE 
_ 
19o1 SW M ilita ry 922-6317 

737 - FORD 

71 Ford Genome 4 -d o o r S e d a n iE x c e lle n t c o n d itio n . 1ooo,ooo miles. $95o-341-o924____________ _ 
68 Ford G alaxy. A ir, 29,ooo int on rebuilt eng $6oo 654-6962.________ 
IN THI iXPSISS NI VV S 
CAII 325 1666 

73? FURS 
737 FORD 
74o OLDSMOBILE 
746 * TRUCKS 6 COMMERCIAL 746 • 
8 COMMERCIA! W * TRUCKS S COMMERCIA! 

I*71 F o rd G a la x y 
U ltr a cle an, 
SIooC '^M ercury S3oo 333 o61$, 
*33 399$ 
............................................... 
Ford Gioncido I dr Landau Must sell fshiny Wilt help finance Coli 
Ken 43.1 1464___________________ 
1*73 Ford Oran Torino brougham. 
V I, I d r. h ard to p 
A ir, rad io . heater, power AM-FM s t e r e o ._____________ 
! 13,ooo o rig m ile s , n e w tu e s 
E * 
| I I I M | g celienf cond. Guaranteed I owner f j f l ■ LlHltULrt will accept older economic rn ca* 
. for Daughter rn trade Retired individual 
696-75o4 or office 
1223-2o32___________________________ 
197$ Ford Gran Torino Brougham 
J dr Hardtop Full power. Must set! now Will help finance, Call 
Joe 433 H64__________ j '74 
Ford 
GT 
Wagon, m int condition. 659 I H9 atter 5 pm 
‘76 Ford LTO 4 dr. air, curise, vinyl loop, one owner, excellent, quick sole $37oo 492 2o52 
_ 
! ’71 Ford LTO. 4 dr., Sedan t Power excellent 
532 /494, 
494 583o. 
71 Ford LTO 33,ooo miles 2 door 
• vinyl top, heater air conditioner and stereo. Front bumper repair. 
$18oo-492-2759 5 to 9:___________ 
• I t FORD LTD radio, heater, power, clean. 532-7494.__________ 
Ford Motor Credit repo 1976 
Mustang ll. Must sell now. Will help finance. Call Woody 433-1464 
68 Ford Mustang Convertible. 
Loaded. 826-9565, 695-8o56 

'76 th u n d e rb ird M in t s e l!1 S ilv e r 
L u x u r y o p tio n a m F -M s t e r e o . 
M o k e o ffe r. 684-1895 

’ i 
T o r in o , a u to . a i r , s m a ll V 8 . s 1o25 
C a ll T o m 661 41 l l d a y s , 
658 143o e v e s ________________________ 
7o TORINO COUPE $595 
N E W 
L IC E N S E 
A IR . 
A U T O . 
828-6959 

BANKER’S CAB 

 im m a c u la te '75 M a rk iv , white on white blue in terio r, a lt e x tra s , '8 OOO m ile s ;. p rice d to r quick sale, in te r­ ested parties only 1-374-2122 
Between »am-Spm 

•73 Continental M ark IV, Low m i.. 
L ik e new 
$515o 
T a ke tra d e 
699 1333, 726/ W ur/boch 
Forced to sell my beautiful 1973 
M o rk IV . E x c e lle n t c o n d itio n . 
Low m ile a g e 
B la c k w ith b u r- gundy $55oo-735-oooo, 434-49o2 
•69 Lincoln, clean, lu xu ry u n lim it­ ed $1195.656-8768. 
•69 LIN C O LN M AR K I ii, clean, loaded. Must sell soon 623-53o9 

67 F ord M u sta n g . 
826 9566 695-8o56 
One ow ner. 

68 FORD MUSTANG 
V 8, auto, $1ooo Jim 661 4511 
72 Ford 9 pass. C ountry Sedon 
W agon. P o w er, a ir, auto O rig owner. Clean! $1475. 661-6378 

’74 Lincoln M ork IV w ith everyth­ ing except moonroof. 28,ooo m iles. 
S6995. 
Call 
M anuel 
341-9433, 
349-7273 

1976 Olds 98 Regencv 4 dr very too oi the line, with ah power and accessories. M ust sell now W ill help finance. Coll M r. M undine 
: 43 3-1.464 
'71 Olds Toronado pow er, steer­ ing, brakes, windows, seats, on 
A M -F M s te re o , tape d e c k , t ilt wheel, cruise control. Like new* 
$287$ value, sacrifice firs t 
$2196 494-5o87 
_______ _ 
Sell or Trade 
Top of the Line 76 
O lds 98 
13,ooo m ile s . P e rte c t cond. W ilt tra d e fo r Top of th# 
L in e ‘ 76 o r ‘ 77 O ld s C u tla s s . 
67$ 1441; 6 7 3 -4 8 3 4 .___________ 
7 3 Supreme, 2 door hardtop. V F, onto, air, $1895 432-2644; 432 266o. 
Toke over paym ents on '74 Cut­ lass Supreme. Call: 222-o986 ask for Dennis otter 8 :-CaU 656-4321 
Take over paym ents ‘75 Cutlass 
Custom DeLuxe. No equity Call: 
824 o918 ask for Fred, a fte r 7: 
922-7757_______________ 
71 T o ro n a d o 2 d o o r, lo a d e d , 
S h arp . $1395, 432-2644, 432-266o. 
TO SETTLE EST ATE 
1975 Cutlass. VS, 4dr Cotlonade 
Dark blue m etallic. 21,ooo m iles. 
As is. $3875. W kdavs a.m . only 
22o-4916 

TRAILERS BOSES 
TRAILERS BUSES 
TRAilERS BUSES 

741-PLYMOUTH 

Lincoln M nrk IV, 76. Loaded, low m ites, I owner, 828-3367. 9 to 6 ; 
342 969o atter 7. 
‘73 L in c o ln to w n c a r, o rig in a l ow ner, loaded, 7o,ooo m iles, ex­ cellent condition, $43oo. 492 17o5. 
•69 M ark III, clean, $22oo. 653-o879 or 656 1441 
72 FO R D P IN T O $98o. A IR , | ,74 M ark IV Black on black, bur- 
STANDARD SH IFT ECONOMY 
435 1641________________________ 
1975 Ford Pinto 3 door Runabout auto and air. M ust sell now W ill help finance. Call L a rry 433 1464 

I gundy interior. Loaded, new tires. 
P ric e d to s e ll! 
229-15oo 
534 1522, M r. Owens 

75 FORD P IN T O R U N A B O U T, autom atic, a ir $275o C all: M an­ uel. 3 o 9433, 349-7273 
! ‘73 Ford Pinto, 4-speed, excellent 
I condition. $1375 684-3382_________ 
I'73 F o rd P in to W agon S q u ire 
I package 826 9565, 695-8o56_______ 
'75 F o rd T h u n d e rb ird , s ilv e r 
(b o d y, v in y l ro o f and in te r io r, 
I m oon ro o f, c ru is e c o n tro l, a ll 
; pow er, om -fm stereo w ith tape, 
19,ooo miles, $6725. 492-2752, 

7 5 M a rk IV L in co ln , bro w n on w h ite , C a rtie r m o d e l, lo a d e d . 
$795o, 658-5123 atter 6pm 
____ 

C O N V ER TIB LE 
68 P lym o uth . New p a in t, good top, and interior. 924-8oo5________ 
7o Fury, air, power, excellent in and oui, $75o. 225-4716.___________ 
67 PLYMOUTH Fury ll 4 door, 
V-8, white, one owner. $7oo. Lewis 
Garage, 822-7421, 915 Austin Hwy. 
72 PLYMOUTH FURY III, S1195, 
AIR, AUTO, HARDTOP 435-1641 

D E M O S A L E ! 
4 PICKUPS— I VAN 

Example: 

Stk. #N 8o9B 

Vt ton pickup 

 with autmmatic, 

 air, auxiliary tank, regular gas, extended 
SALE PRICE warranty. 

UST $6618.2o 
$ 5 
2 
9 
5 
. 
Plus ta x ; title, license. 

S a n A n to n b T r u c k s 

S ^ L lS & S L ffV C L jN C . 

881o IH-1o East l r 
Phone 661*4511 

1967 international 16oo series 14’ fla tb e d w ith 2ooo lb c a p a c ity 
E lee, lift tailgate $15oo 695 9218 
7 o IN T E R N A T IO N A L ~ TON 
CAB 'N CHASSIS, A U TO A IR , 
POWER 
FIRST 
$5oo 
CASH 
828-6959 
______________ 
73 In te rn a tio n a l 
826-9565, 695 8o56 
>« ton t wo. 

72 IN TE R N A TIO N A L PU $119o 
6 STANDARD Good Tires 435-1641 
International Trucks 
71S Sieves Ave.______ 
534 5471 
•73 IN TE R N A TIO N A L PICKUP 
Coll Nick I 923 7748 
_ 
•7o IN T N 'L . 16 
M A R IO N . IN 
S U LATED BODY The rm o-K in g gas or elec. unit. 345 V 8, 5-spd., 2 s d 92o tires, new point. 627 24oo 
•57 Intn'l pickup O rig. equipm ent 
$3oo Dave: 732-7121, a tte r 6 3o, 
655-o665. 
_______ 
_______________ 
*74 JE E P pickup 4-wd, auto., fu ll power, a ir conditioned. Tool box, a ir shocks, V ery good cond. $375o. 
492 2379.________________________ 
*73 JE E P pickup Loaded, w ith cam per shell. $3$oo. 673-3239, 
LARG E ASSORTMENT LA TE 
M O D EL H E AV Y DU TY 
D IE S E L TRUCK TRACTORS 
HOFFER TRUCK CO 
1-/98-3254 
IN TE R N A TIO N A L TRUCK 
SALES AND SERVICE 
PO Box 411 H a lle ttsville,Tx 

’71 PLYM OUTH GRAN FURY 
$125o AIR, AUTO CLEAN 435-1641 
P lym o uth S a te llite S e bring 7 1, low nu, new tires, $1275, 342 o981 

152 ■ C B M Ump REPAIRS 
752 - K U M A I MTD E M U S 
TOM BENSON im p o r t s 

73 Plymouth Sebring Plus h a rd ­ top. loaded, extra clean. S21So. 
533-337o. 

■74 M ARK IV, loaded, extra clean, by owner. 534-8873_______________ 

74 Plymouth Sebring Plus. Power s te e rin g , a ir , A M -F M . $27oo. 
1-762-3623; 1-762-322o. 

•74 M ark IV, I owner 27.ooo m i. 
828-6355 otter 7: 696-o3o3 

739 * MERCURY 

'71 P lym outh Wagon. 3i,ooo nu. 
O riginal owner. $175o. 333-6624. 
Take over paym ents 73 Plym outh 
Satellite. No equity. C all: 824-o918 osk for Fred, atter 7: 922-7757 

•71 Ford 1 .ton Power, auto, a ir, 
36o. S p o rt C u sto m 
623-5o28, 
923 14o9. Owner $19oo 
‘76 Ford Torino Squire Brougham 
W agon , a u to , a ir , c ru is e , t ilt 
■ w heel, a m -fm , lu g . ra ck $2Soo below 77 model. 654-oo97________ 
66 G A LA X IE C O N V E R T IB L E , bla ck, ye llo w outside, new top, 
66,ooo m ile s, lo o ks and d riv e s new. 
$1595 
Serious 
Colls. 
(342-5oo3. 
I '74 G A L A X IE 4 -d o o r, lo a d e d . i Nice, toke up paym ents. 924-6671 
74 G alaxy 5oo. 4-dr., v in y l top. 
Power, air, $7ooo. 923-217o 
•75 G RANADA 
A u to. a ir, A M -F M , V in y l ro o f. 
Super gas m ileage. $35oo. 923-4511 

I 
76 GRANADA 2 dr 
Take over paym ents, no equ ity, coil Credit M anager, 349-6948 
•75 Granada 4-dr., VS, 354. Load­ ed 
A M -F M ste re o Q uick sate. 
655-o178; 225-o782. 
______ 
‘75 G RANADA GHIA $345o 
B E A U T IF U L B L A C K 2 DOOR 
H A R D T O P . 
A IR , 
PO W E R ,6 
C Y L IN D E R T A P E , SU NR OO F. 
ONE OWNER 
M A G N IF IC E N T 
IN E V E R Y D E T A IL ! 828-6959 
FOR FU RTHER INFO RM ATIO N 

Capri 1971, low mileage, auto, air, 
$12oo. 655-5511 Blo 5 .___________ 
•71 Comet G T, J door, h a rd to p , 
3-speed sta n d a rd tra n s m is s io n , 
1o2 engine, very good condition, 
IS O . P(|IUTIAf! 
$1,495 333-6533 o r 923-2661. 
I UN I IIH# 
•72 Com et G T. 3o2 VS, lo a d e d , 
46,ooo mi. 333-4147 333-6143_______ 
■63 Comet. Runs good 
62 Comet, body only. Both fo r $3oo. R a y: 
734-5131 days; 679-78o7 eves. 
*68 COUGAR 2-dr. Hardtop 
KIN N E Y MOTORS 
3928 Broadway__________828-2213 
1973 COUGAR XR7. BLUE 
LO ADED! ................................ $299$ 
TOM BENSON IMPORTS 
96oo SAN PEDRO 
341-1356 
•72 Cougar XR7. E x c e p tio n a lly clean. $2395 W ill trade. 923-2883 

Volare Coupe ‘76. Econom y 6, a ir, 
AM, side m olding. Still in w a rra n ­ ty. $4o5o. 342-o255. 
___________ 

BY O W NER. 1972 G ra n d P rix . 
M odel J. Loaded. $2ooo. as is. 
E v e n in g s a n d w e e k e n d s , C a ll 
622-3oo9. 
72 CATALIN A Brougham , a ll ex­ tras. $1195. 344-3729 
'73 Catalina 2 dr, auto, power, air, am -fm , very clean, $23oo in clu d ­ ing CB. 656-8555. 
7o F ire b ird E sp rit. I ow ner low mileage. E xcellent cond. 34t-io29 
•72 F ir e b ir d . L o a d e d . $2495. 
224-1957, 2o27 Broadway. 

•73 C o u g a r X R 7, Im m a c u la te cond., mony extras. 349-9582. 
‘74 Cougar XR7. Loaded, reason­ able New Braunfels, I 899-9717. 

'72 F ire b ir d . L o a d e d ! C le a n 
828-6355 after 7 : 696-o3o3 
■76 GRAND P R IX , Loaded 
CALL NICK, 923-7748 

74 Cougar XR7 Loaded, reason­ able New Braunfels, 1-899-7917. 
•75 Cougar XR7, loaded. 4 channel stereo. $455o. 492-2o27 

73 Grand P rix, 34,ooo m iles, fac­ tory gauges, ra lly wheels, am -fm 
8 tra c k , p o w e r, p e rfe c t co n d . 
$335o. 696-18o2. 

‘75 COUGAR XR7 26,ooo m ites, power, cruise. $45oo. 1-899-2o65 

72 Grand P rix, nice, new rad ia l tires, $155o. 653-6815 
_______ 

•74 C o u g a r X R 7 
S u n ro o f, a ll power. 674-oo83 after 6 p .m ._____ 

73 Grand P rix V-8, auto, a ir, AM- 
FM, 
8 track, 
$2295. 
432-2644; 
432-266o. 

•71 M arquis Brougham 2-dr 
Like new I owner 224-6956 

‘76 G RAN ADA, low m ileage 
Clean. 822-7155 
•76 G ranada Sport sedan. Loaded. 
$425o firm . 625-2745 afer 5 p.m. weekdays. 
>‘76 G ra n a d a , w a rra n ty , 11,ooo 
I miles- all extras, $4575. 658-5525. 

1973 GRAM TORIBIO S2695 
S T A TIO N W AG ON . A u to m o tic , pow er s te e rin g , pow er b ra ke s. 
Luggage rack, 3rd seat 
H E M P H ILL MCCOMBS 
FORD SOUTHSIDE 
19o1 SW M ilita ry 922-6317 

1974 Mercury Cougar XR7 
A u tom atic, a ir, pow er ste ering, brakes, vin yl root ................. $3879 
H E M P H ILL MCCOMBS 
FORD SOUTHSIDE 
19o1 SW M ilita ry 922-6317 
•72 M ercu ry 4 dr, an equipm ent, new paint and fires. 
$1o75. 
735-4738 

I 7o G ra n d P rix V-8, a u to , a ir , 
$1o95. 432-2644; 432-266o 
76 GRAN PR IX , a ir, power ster eo. 
19,ooo m i. 
$4795. 221-2624 
653-3221 
____________________ 
11977 G ran P rix . Loaded. E x c e l­ le n t condition. Low m iles. C a ll: 
J.A. Garza 222-8611 or 222-1685 

I 
FIESTA WEEK 
SERVICE SPECIALS 
M AZDA AND HONDA AUTOMOBILE 

OIL CHANGE 
REGULAR $ 1 5 .8 5 ........... 
UNDERCOAT 

REGULAR $ 3 9 .9 5 ........... 
TUNE-UP 

REGULAR $ 4 9 .8 5 .......... 
ALIGNMENT 
REGULAR $ 2 1 .7 5 ........... 

* 1 o . 8 5 * 

* 2 9 . 9 5 * 

4 3 3 . 5 G * 

4 1 2 . 9 5 * 

‘ Includes Parts and Labor Plus Sales Tax. 
OFFER EXPIRES: 4 / 2 3 / 7 7 

Service: 7 to 7 Mon. thru Sat. 
TOM BENSON IMPORTS, INC. 

9 ^ o S 
A 
J * r a 

NEW and USED Bum pers Light weight to heavy duty. For all sizes of pickup trucks 924-6551-2o2 New 
Laredo Hwy. 
NEW 1977 SCOUTS 
4 W H E EL D R IVE 
UP TO S1Soo OFF 
WINDOW STICKER PR IC E* 
P ark Ten Voivo-Scout 
132 BALCONES NORTH 732 2143 
OWNER OPERATORS 
3 a x le t r a c t o r s a n d f la t bed tra ile r s fo r s ta te w id e h a u lin g 
Plenty of freight, backhauls. Full settlem ent w eekly. O lder tru c k s accepted. 924-7273; 333-5894 
19*9 Pete COE tw in scre w , 25o 
C um m ins, Road R a n g e r, e x c e l­ le nt, $725o. ALSO In t. tra c to rs , conventional cabs. 512-655-2o82 
1974 PE TER B ILT , 325 CAT En aine, 12513 F u lle r R o a d ra n g c r tra n s m is s io n , 156 in c h w h e e l base. 228,ooo m iles C all Salado. 
817-947-5258 or 947-5422. 
•76 PLYM O U TH 

V o y a g e r V isio n V o n, 318 a uto. 
$485o 
P o te e t, ( I ) 
742-3322, 
569-327o Eves.__________________ _ 

76 RANCHERO , pickup 
Take o ve r paym ents, no e qu ity, call Credit M anager, 349-69-18 
1976 R a n g e r X L T F-25o, 4X4 
Loaded w ith c a m p e r, c a ll: J.A . 
Garza 222-8611 or 222-1685 
1975 R a n g e r X L T , 2o,ooo m i. loaded $4395. 653-3221, 221-2624 
SAN ANTONIO TRUCKS 
SALES A SERVICE 
OMC, Diomond-Reo, P e terbuilt 
381o (HIO 
661-4511 
SAN ANTONIO TRUCKS 
SALES & SERVICE 
GMC, Diamond-Reo, P e terbuilt 
381o 
IH-1o 
661 4511 
SCHOOL-Highwav Diesel Buses 
23o1 NOGALITOS 
534 671 1 
‘72 Scout ll. T ra ve l Top, 6 cyl., com pletely rebuilt eng. (N o 4-whi d riv e A u to ., n ice ! $225o. D oug 
Smith, K irb y Bank: 661 4174 
•76 S ilv e ra d o 
C a m p e r Spcl 
F u lly rig g e d . 72oo m i. P e rfe c t! 
$625o. Cover, CB, Colem an Y o rk ­ town T ra ile r available 656-8246. 

746 - TRUCKS t COMMERCIAL 
T R A IIER S -B U S ES ______ 

G R AN P R IX '76. 16,ooo m ile s . 
Silver w ith red in te rio r. A M -FM tape, $51oo. 656-4768 

•75 M E R C U R Y G ra n M a rq u is , < 
W hite, lo aded, e x c e lle n t cond. 
$48oo 434-o611; alfet- 5: M ickey 
Smith, 654-1274 

•73 G ran P rix SJ. Clean. M ags, in dash CB stereo. $3995. 433-837o. 
74 G R A N V ILLE $2195 
NEW TIRES, LO AD ED 435-1641 
73 GTO, 2 door hardtop, V-8, auto, air, $1895 432-2644; 432-266o. 

'75 G ran T o rin o Squire W agon, w ith 3 rd seat. A l! p o w e r, a ir. 
$3988 
Call 
Manuel, 
341-9433, 
349-7273 
IM M AC U LA TE 
‘ 197$ E lite , loaded fo r som eone who wants som ething a little d if­ ferent. 695-89o8 

•73 M ercury M arquis Brougham . 
4-dr. hardtop, fu ll power, A M -FM tape. Excellent condition. $269$. 
691-197o. 

K IN SEL Ford-M ercury 
Pleasanton, S A 
Phone 626 2791 

LET ME SHOW YOU 
HOW EASY IT SS!!! 
TO FIN A N C E 
OUR NEW or USED CAR OR 
( TR U C K !! 
OVER 7oo NEW or USED 
Cars and Trucks to choose from . 
W IL L T A K E 
A E X P LIC A TIO N 
O VER TH E P H O N E ! C a ll fo r. 
! Speedy Gonzales Sales M anager 
! 222-8611_________________________ 

72 LTD B rougham , 2 door, V-8, auto, air, sharp. $1495 432-2644, 
432-266o. 
______________________ 
I '72 LTD, 4-door, a ir, good condi­ tion. $17oo 494-7465 after Sam 
I *69 LTO. 2-dr., all power, a ir. AM radio, mags. $995. 826-3o57. 
72 M A V E R IC K , auto, a ir, runs good. 534-8873___________________ 
1971 M a ve rick, au to m a tic. Nice tran sporation! C all: J A. G arza 
222-8611 or 222 1865______________ 
71 M averick 2-dr. good cond, low mpg $13oo or best otter. 656-7121 otter 5 : 3 o _____________________ 
74 M averick, loaded! Si775, best otter 656-1ooo___________________ 
1974 M a v e ric k pow er, a ir, low m iles. 4-door. Nice econ om ical transportation! C all: J A. G arza 
222-861 1 or 222-1685______________ 
71 M averick VS, sedan, fa c to ry a ir , 53,ooo m ile s , lik e n e w . 
226-o291, 226 o292 

72 M E R C U R Y M A R Q U IS , a ir, power steering, brakes, vin yl top. : 69 GTO Good cond , re b u ilt eng. cloth in terio r $1o95. 69o-9o51 
, Dual exhaust $1ooo. 433-5439. 
•67 GTO, power steering, VS. auto console, new tire s , new shocks. 
$695. 337-8926____________________ 
L a B o m b a ! ‘69 P o n tia c . 4 -d r., tape, AM -FM , a ir $425. 826-1736 otter 6. 
‘74 LeMans Power, a ir, v in y l too. 
R a d ia ls . E x tr a n ic e . $27oo. 
Owner. 675-23oo. 
O wner sellin g 1973 G ra n d P rix , 
341-7963 or 732-9741______________ 
•71 PONTIAC $1195, AIR , AUTO. 
E X C E L L E N T 
C O N D IT IO N ! 
LO ADED! 435-1641______________ 

68 PONTIAC $275 cash 
*75 M o n a rch . B ronze m e ta llic , 
N ew license, in s p e c tio n . R uns white Landau top. A ir, AM, cruise control. 661-478o. 

'74 Chevrolet Custom IO, stepside, 
V I, 4 s p e e d , p o w e r, a ir , lo w mileage, good condition. $3ooo or best otter. 667 1154 days; 42o-2o48 nights 

746 * TRUCKS A 
TRAILERS BUSES 

‘76 S ilverado , loaded, in c lu d in g du a l fu e l ta n ks, A M -F M ra d io , and new cam per. $53oo 684-25o9 
Six F orm er US Postal T rucks tor sa le , F o u r Vi to n D o d g e Step 
■75 El Camino cam per, mags, alt Vans, One 3« Chevrolet Step Van, power, $43oo Call 653-86o2. 
•74 EtCamino Classic. 35o V 8, au­ to., a ir, pow er. $3275. A fte r 5 p.m .: 

73 Chevrolet CIO Deluxe. 35o VS, I auto, power. Long-w ide, chrom e j ‘74 Et C o m ino, fu lly equ ip p e d , bum pers, all Chrome m oldings on 
$32oo. 822-o947 822-3166 

73 M ercury M arquis Brougham . 
A ll e x tra s , e x c e lle n t c o n d ito n . 
Low m ileage, new tire s . $269$. 
494-2o76 or 653-4o58______________ 
•71 M e rc u ry M o n te re y 
C lean, runs good. $1o95. 734-o86o atter 
4 3o____________________________ 
73 M ercury Montego Brougham . 
$23oo. 828-85o6 otter 5 p.m._______ 
62 METEOR. Small 221 eng., au­ to., dean $31o 922-3365. 

•73 Montego MX B rougham . Im ­ m aculate cond. 341-o815 atter 6 
Take over payments or. 72 Mon­ tego M U 2-door. No equity. C all: 
824-o918 ask for Fred, otter 7: 
922-7757_________________________ 
74 Town Count*, all power, moon- root, 28,ooo miles, owner, 8 tra ck. 
349-9533, 667-1196. 

 real good! 828-6959 
7o PONTIAC CATALINA 
Take over paym ents, no equ ity, call Credit M anager, 349-6948 

 sides. Chrom e slot mags and new steel radials. Gold w ith w hite top. 
(77 license. 
$265o. 
661-242o, 
(661-5254_________________________ 
'74 C h e vro le t 6 c y l. sta n d , o ir. 
828-6355 atter 7: 696-o3o3 
__ 
67 Chevrolet LW B. V 8, standard. 
$795 best Otter 656-1ooo___________ 
'72 Chevrolet LW 8 . 4-speed, V-8, 
! Si 15o best otter 656-1ooo_______ 
*72 C H E V R O L E T P IC K U P ' j 
TON, $198o AIR . AUTO. E X TR A 
NIC E ! 435-1641__________________ 
•69 C hevrolet Sports Van. Good cond. Reasonable 824-662o. 
: 1975 Chevrolet " i ton pickup. Cus- fo m D e L u x e , 6 c y lin d e r gas s aver. A ir co n d itio n e d M anual transm ission-truck like new ! Only 
14,SOO m ile s. B elow lis t $345o- 175 Ford Custom LW B, Looded* 
492-2682 or : 732-9741 ask fo r Anne : 826-9565, 695-8o56________________ 
74 C hevrolet ^ ton. Gooseneck 

I ‘72 EtC am ino. 35o, loaded Good 
; cond. S19oo. 344-9o67_____________ j 72 El C am ino, new tires, radio, heater, top shape. $1595. 826-7166. 
I trite f 5 Pm. 

7 1 EICAMINQ $1995 
V - 8, a u to m a tic , p o w e r, 
I Fiberglass cam per 
I _______________ 736-4321_____________ 
65 F alcon pan el tru c k . 6 c y l., 
I stand. $25o. 922-8661._____________ 
74 Ford B ronco 4-wd E xce lle n t cond. 828-6355 att 7: 696-o3o3 
(7 6 Ford -CLASSIC' Van, loaded. 
1 Evenings, 656-42oo, 656-3511 
(•75 Ford Custom F1oo LW B Stan-’ 
■ da rd 826-9565, 695-8o56 

One Internatio nal Scout. Also 
Ton C hevrolet Step Van. A ll run good, price d reasonably by non­ dealer. 337-3657 M o n d a y -F rid a y 
9-3. 695-8o39 Saturday and Sunday and also evenings. 
~ SOUTHWEST TRUCK Center 
LATE M O DEL R ebuilders 
AND 
PICKUP 
TRUCK 
PARTS-VAN S 
1228 New Laredo Hw y 924-4879 
Take over paym ents on 74 Ford pickup. Call 222 o986 ask fo r Den- nis after 8:-656-4321___________ 
T a ke o v e r p a y m e n ts ‘ 75 GMC 
•pickup. No equity. C all: 824-o918 a sk tor Fred. Atter 7: 922-7757 
11 j TON ‘63 C HEVY V 8 flatbed 
136oo Babcock pl H a m m on Rd. 
•75 #4 ton. Club Cob Pow er Wagon, w ith winch 822-5132______________ 

4 TORI 
1964 Van. 22,ooo actual m iles. E x ­ cellent shape B argain a t $25oo! 
624-2487; 624-91o6. 

•73 Pontiac C atalina. E xce p tio n ­ ally clean 
$1795 
W ill trade. 
923-2883 

 and tra ile r b rakes. Loa ded! E x­ cellent 828-6355 atter 7: 696-o3o3 

 j *75 F o rd C u stom F25o, 
I Loaded 826-9565 695-8o56 ton. 

■69 Chevrolet V -8 LW B $87$ best 
Offer, 656-1 OOO 
_________ __ 
*56 C hevy B u s. 48 p a s s ., ru n s good, good body and seats. Set! to 
I highest bidder See at 333 Lovera or coll 735-7837; 732-3o96. 

•75 F ord econotine E-25o, cargo 
(super van, 351 VB eng C-om atic tro n s . p o w e r b ra k e s , p o w e r ste e rin g , a ir co n d itio n . G ran de 
Ford 661-4121. 

74o OLDSMOBILE 

'65 MUSTANG 
673-8213 

Clean 1976 Used Cars a i 
BUDGET RENT A CAR-349-4443 
338 N E. Loop 41o at A irp o rt Blvd. 
*77 C utlass B roug ham , lo aded! must se lh 826 829o______________ 
•74 Cutlass 2 d r, fu lly equipped, 
35o engine, firs t class condition. 
$285o. 342-7o93__________________ 
72 Cutlass, low m iles $22oo or m ake otter. 872-5o47. 732-356o. 
'72 C U T L A S S , LOW M IL E S ! 
828-6355 atter 7 :696-o3o3_________ 
C utlass Salon ‘75 2-door. F u lly loaded excellent condition. B uck­ et seats, DeLuxe in te rio r 11,ooo miles. 822-1868 otter o p.rn.______ 
’74 Cutlass 5aton. 35o auto., oil pow er, a ir E xce lle n t cond ition. 
Must sell! 344-3473 or 698-2116. 

Pontiac Convento ’7 3 _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ 
G ranville. 
A ll pow er options 
73 CHEVY Cheyenne LW B Pick- 
| ONLY ................................................ $2795 up. 25,ooo m i., white spoke rim s, 
___________ 736-4321____________ ,35o V -8 , h o n e y c u rb ., h o o k e r 
! ’ 66 P o n tia c E x e c u tiv e , N eeds headers, loaded. $345o. 534-ooo3. work. $35o. Call: 657-1353. 
I‘73 Chevy CIO. new 35o eng., new tires. Power, a ir. 494 1921 
72 P O N T IA C $1 39o. E X T R A 
SHARP! LO ADED. 435 1641 
•68 Pontiac F ire b ird 6 cyl. Good running condition. $95o. 344-o614 otter S p.m. 
7o Pontiac G ran P rix. Power, oir, auto $995. 95% finan cing availa- ble. 224-441o.____________________ 
Pontiac Grand Am *74 2 d r sport 

7 7 Chevv C ustom D e luxe SWB 
Lir ?‘ ' . * )(C,i l* n.L5*ond i,ion- ,33oo< 
826-9565. 695-8o56 best otter. 344-4o2o. 
------------ -------------------- 
------------------ 

*77 Chevy Custom D eLuxe SWB 
826-9565, 69S___________________ 
74 CHEVY CUSTOM, LO A D E D ! 
I 826-9565, 695-8o56________ _ 
'73 Chevy Custom V-8, autom atic 
826-9565, 695-8o56________________ 
75 Chevy Custom DeLuxe CIO, 6 cylinder 826-9565, 695-8o56 

'7S Ford E xp lo re r, ' / ton LWB, 6 standard, clean. $2995. 659-126S. 
•74 FORD E X P L O R E R '? TON 
P IC K U P $2395. AU TO , 351 V-8. 
LWB, 435-1641 
'75 Ford E xp lo re r 6 auto ..$3675 
75 Ford Ranger LWB ............$3275 
'73 Ford Ranger, Loade'd 
. S2675 
2o2 New Laredo Hwy 924-2211 

1965 MUSTANG 
333-2553 

197o CUTLASS S. Auto, air, power ste e rin g , v e ry good c o n d itio n . 
S14oo. 673-o976. 

1976 Pontiac Grail Prix 
A u to m o tic, a ir, A M -F M stere o, pow er ste ering, p o w e r b ra k e s , tinted glass. Really looded 
$5189 
H E M P H ILL MCCOMBS 
FORD SOUTHSIDE 
19o1 SW M ilita ry 922-6317 

72 CHEVY Fenderside, 3-speed, standard $12oo Jim , 661-4511 

I ‘76 Ford F-15o Custom 36o. Auto., 
(a ir, pow er, LW B 
Radio, duals, s te p b u m p e r. 
25,ooo m ile s . 
(Sacrifice $3895. 658-o695.________ 
*75 F o rd F 25o LW B . L o a d e d ! 
826 9565, 695-8o56 
___________ 
1*74 FORD F-1oo, LWB. 39,ooo m i. 
M in t, w h o le s a le . Ray S e k u la , 
F loresville 
(1)393-672o eves weekends. 

'75 Toyota P ickup, LB , 4 speed, a ir, ra d io , ca m p e r sh e ll, show ­ room cond., $36oo firm . A tte r 6, 
654-6415._________________________ 

1974 TOYOTA PICKUP w ith F ib e rg la s s C a m p e r shell. 
Autom atic transm ission .,. $2595 
JAMISON M trs Seguin 223-52o1 

73 TRAVELALL1o18 
Series, V S, autom atic, a ir, power 
.................................................. $2595 
JAMISON M trs Seguin 223-52o1 
VANS: Buy-Sell-Trade 
6831 S.FLORES 
923-4211 

76 Chevy LW B, 6 standard, 13,ooo 
344-8959 miles. 226-o291; 226-o292_______ 
'74 Chevy pickup 52,ooo m i., oir, 
I power. >3ooo 655-235o. 
_____ 

77 Ford F-15o Ranger X L T . All power, a ir. 
Sacrifice. 
$6795. 

VANS 
71 Ford 6 Auto..........................$175o 
72 Ford 6 Std.............................$215o 
; '73 Ford Club Wagon ............$245o 
73 Chevy VS Std....................... $255o 
! 
6831 S. Flores 923-4211 
('74 Vega s m a ll pan e l e x p re s s delivery. $995 J33-8152 
W AN TED 
OLDER PICKUP 69o 1o33 
61 W iilys pickup. 4-w hl drive, 327 
V8. New on-off road tires. Hunting rock, i i IOO. 226-1792. 

'75 Ford PISO Ranger, oir, auto. 
828-6355, a tte r 7: 696-o3o3 

'76 Chevy pickup, 35o engine, air, auto, H ton $4,85o 681-27o1 

'76 Ford F IOO Super Cab Pickup, loaded. F u ll fa c to ry w a rra n ty . 
$5395, 653-3272 

'68 Mustang Bv owner. V 8, auto., factory air Power steering new rear tires V e ry well cared (or. 
$185o. 349-62o1; atter 5: 828 3924. 
•72 M USTANG C O N V E R T IB LE , new top, tire s and m a g s ; 351 
Cleveland, auto, pow er, a ir, 918 
Melissa off 77oo blk Blanco Rd 

•72 CU TLASS S u pre m e 
E x tra 
Cleon. Call atter 6pm , 927-3729. 
•74 CUTLASS S U P R E M E , nice, toke up paym ents, 924-6671______ 

'67 MUSTANG, $795 
'67 Cougar, $795. 344 J729. 
•72 M ustang 2-door hardtop Au­ to m a tic , a ir, p o w e r s te e rin g . 
$2288. 
Call 
M anuel 
341-9433, 
349-7273 

‘75 Cutlass Supreme W ife s ca r, ( excellent $3975 654-IVOO otter 6 
'71 Cutlass Supreme 1o7 Vuewood, j off West Avenue, Costle Hills. 
'77 C u tlass S u p re m e Lo a d e d , 
12,ooo miles. $$7oo. See at 4o3 j 
Hunstock. 

Pontiac Bran Prix 73 
A ll power. 36,ooo m iles 
$2995 
____________736-4321 

75 Pontiac LeMans Coupe 
Silver with burgundy Autom atic, air. 
A real sharp c a rl 
Loaded! ............................................$3999 
H E M P H ILL MCCOMBS 
FORD SOUTHSIDE 
19o1 SW M ilita ry 922-6317 

7o C h ew pickup E xcellent condi­ tion. $15oo 342 3883 
•76 C HEVY P ickup, 4-wheel dr. looded. coll Nick 923-7748 
•74 CH EVY Pickup 
Loaded, call N ick. 923-7748 

*77 Ford F 15o Super Cob Piekuo. 
Loaded. F u ll fa c to ry w a rra n ty . 
$7295. 453-3272_________________ _ 
■75 Ford FIDO. SWB. 6 c y lin d e r. 
826-9565, 695-8o56________________ 
73 Ford F-6oo w ith 16’ insulated 

748 MOTOROYOLES-SCOOTERS 
1974 BMW R6o. L ike new. Less than 16oo actual m iles. W indiam - m er, fa irin g , sissy bar. $27oo. 
333-o7oo 
'7o BMW R6o-S. 23,ooo m i, like new, $125o. Side cor $675. 344-7oo9 
197o BSA T h u n d e rb o lt C lassic. 
O riginal condition. 658-6971. 

'7* Chevy S u burban Cheyenne re frig e ra to r body, th e rm o k in g 75.112Scc ^ o n d a , tike new , 
17oo 
S uper P o w e r, A M -F M , 4-w hl. u n it w ith e le c tric stand by. VB " ‘ “ JV , p n a tV r drive. Positractian, dual a ir. V ery engine and 5 sod tran s. G rande ° pm m 
.Pi!8**:.......................................... clean. $369o. O w ner. 1-625-3562 
F on t 661-4121 
Completely chopped 65o Trium ph, eves., New Braunfels.________ i '76 Ford Good Times Van, loaded! 
$895. 924-1754.___________________ 

’73 MUSTANG 2-DR. 
Take over paym ents no e qu ity, coll credit m anager, 349 6948 
1971 Mustang, green, air, AM -FM, good cond ition, $15oo. 695-36o3 otter 6pm. 

77 Cutlass Supreme, 2 door, V-6, a ll pow er, A M -F M stereo tape deck. 924-5o61 ; 1-755-8151 a tte r 6 pm. M. E. Baker. 

'69 Pontiac. I owner, 4-door h a rd ­ top. Excellent condition. 684-1938. 
Super Loaded' 826 9565, 695 8o54 

'68 Cutlass Supreme, '68 LeMans 
Coupe. Both like new $1295 W ill trade 923-2883 

76 C hevy I ton c re w c a b , fu lly 
; looded, 4 speed, duals, low miles. 
$5895. 432-2644; 432-266o 
•72 C hevy I to n , d u a l w h e e ls , 
__________________________ ____ 
$1,5oo. G A G SALVAGE 224-6661 
'68 Pontiac V entura 2-dr. hardtop, j *54 chevy 11 ? ton fla tb e d 
New 

’76 Pontiac Trans Am 
Take over paym ents, no e au ity call Credit M anager, 349-6948 

‘ 73 C utlass S uprem e, I ow n e r 
828-6355 otter 7 : 696-o3o3_________ 
‘75 Mustang IS, 2-dr hardtop. Steel I -74 Cutlass Supreme very clean! belted radials. F actory oir AMS track tape deck. E xtra clean low mileage $2975, 656-2847 between 5 and 8 Monday thru Friday 

828-6355 atter 7- 696-o3o3 

Auto., power. $65o. 654-11o3 

1*75 TRANS AM . Loaded, excel- j *72 Chevy I t< lent. Must sell! $5o5o o r best otter. Call: 435-8474 
691-1515; 333-4197. 

 m otor. Good tires. $55o. 922-8661. 

74 MUSTANG ll, V-6 
Low Mileage. 922-7762 
‘69 Mustang Mech I, P-S, a ir, disc brakes, A M -FM 8-track, new in- 

‘ 71 
C U T LA S S 
S U P R E M E 
C O U P E . $495 C ASH . N E E D S 
BODY WORK 828 6959 HAS AIR , 
A U T O M A T IC , 
V IN Y L 
TO P , 
BUCKET SEATS 
72 Cutlass Supreme Convertible 
A u to m a tic , a ir, p o w e r, b u c k e t 
“ • “ ’"'•'I w 1 • avn; >i«-n 
HU lUIIIU IIL. U lt/ MUWCI / UUL*C terior, 39o co" engine, 4-spd, TA seats, console $2795 Call 
Man radials. Needs some body w ork. 
$15oo or best otter. 699 o264 or 
342-5194 
•71 Mustang Mach I. 3o2 VS, std., air, power steering. 24 mpg. Im ­ m aculate! Owner. $2495. 341-2933. 
'66 M usta ng. 3-spd , a ir. Good condition. $95o. 654-644o 
‘67 Mustang. 4-spd., extra clean. 
$165o. Call: 661-6498. 
•65 Mustang standard 6. oir, very e co n o m ica l, e x tra c le o n , new tires, S925. 661-4896 
M ust S acrifice 73 M ustang V8, p o w e r, a ir , re a l n ic e c a r, bluebook S28oo+, yours for $3395. 
658-1777.________________________ 
M ust Sell *71 Ford Custom good condition, vin yl top, steel belted radials, power, air, am, 4 dr. Call 
344-6953. $895 

UBI 341-9433, 349-7273 
77 Cutlass Supreme Va. loori.-d 
14oo miles. $55oo. 435 7o38 
1973 Delta '88' 4-door Air, power 
One owner. $215o 684-653o 
■75 Delta 88 4 d r, like new 
A ll p o w e r, o ir, c ru is e , t ilt w h eel, radials, velour, etc. 19,5oo miles. 
First $41oo. 696-7585. 
'7o Delta 88 4 dr sedan, power, air, new tire s , good ru n n in g cond. 
W illing to bargain. 349-4823.______ 
‘73 Delta 88 Royale. A ir, pow er, 
$1895. 653-3221; 27! 2624. 

NEED A CAR? NEW or USED 
W ill F IN A N C E w ith v e ry little c r e d it! 
M a rr ie d , 
S in g le , 
D iv o rc e d . C a ll: Bob P u e n te 
222-8611 or 222-1685 

Going overseas, m ust sell! Load ed ’76 Olds 98 R egencv, $1ooo below blue book 654-o83/________ 
Hertz Is Selling Quality 
Used Cors From Our Rental Fleet 
( 1976 Used) 
1331 SOUTH TE R M IN A L 
For Inform ation Call 826-9665 

?43 - MISCELLANEOUS AUTOS 

BANK REPOS 
1974 PORSCHE 914 ....................... 
1975 FORD RANCHERO ............ 
(18) P ortable W hirlpool bath un- its. 341 4647 ext. 341 or 342 
GOOD CARS 
'76 M alibu ........................................$2495 
74 Buick LeSabre .....................$1995 
75 Ford T o rin o ............................ $2195 
7S Montego 
...................................$1895 
•74 Ford Torino ............................$1595 
69 Coupe D e ville ..........................$995 
_________ 68o3 South Flores__________ 

PASHQIAM 
MOTOR OAR CO 
17o7 Broadway at Pearl P a rkw ay 
__________ ...224-6956...___________ 
I RADEWINDS Auto Soles 
•WE F IN A N C E * 
3oo3 SW M IL IT A R Y 
922-27o3 

744 - CUSTOMIZED CARS, 
SPEED RACiNC CARS 

•76 Chevy % ton p ickup 4-spd., pow er, low m ileage. L ik e new. 
$425o. 533-337o._________________ 
•73 CHEVY '/to n , pickup, 6 cyl., standard, new paint. 
$23oo. 
661-4511_________________ _ 
'75 Chewy 3i ton 4 spd pow er, air, 
' Scottsdale trim . B u ckskin color. 
V e ry c le a n , n o t used as w o rk tru c k . $4275 O w ner. 1-625-3562 
, eves., New B raunfels. __________ 
'69 C H EVY VAN 
$14oo 658-667o 
'68 Chevy Van. A M -FM , 8-track, 
CB, hi back buckets. 
$1o95. 
658-5924 
'74 CHEVY VAN CJO, 6 cylin d e r standard. 826-9565, 695 8oS6 

73 Pinto, a ir, 4 speed, red and black, e xtra clean. $1295. Easy c re d it term s a va ila b le . W ill fin- ance. 225-6452.__________________ 
•75 P IN T O , a u to , a ir, p o w e r, stereo, V-6, 653-7538. 

•73 OLDS $1795. AIR, AUTO E X ­ 
CE LLE N T 35o ENGINE 435-1641 

DRAGSTER and T ra ile r-re a r eng 
2 y rs old, new paint and anodiz­ ing Car has runs 6 2o, 238 mpg. 2 spare eng comp $15,ooo 826-5878 

77 C hew 4x4 pickup. 35o, 4 bbl., fu lly loaded FM 8-track stereo. 
R oll bar, d riv in g lig h ts , tow ing i 

 pkg. Red on re d . V e ry s h a rp ! 
222-17o1 ; 674-15o1.______________ 

Cobia open fisherm an. 1974, 19' j 
It. w ith top. 7o gallon gas tank. 
1975, 15o Hp M e rc u ry outboard. 
P o w e r t ilt a n d t r im , ta n d e m tra ile r. Like new. $5295 o r best 
Otter 736-4321____________________ 
24’ com m erical tra ile r, windows, oir, ideal for office, lab, display, road peddler, etc. 
923-598o; 
532-7636. 
_______________ air, 
75 OLDS Cutlass S, 26o V-8, AC, ra d ia ls , $36oo C a ll 1-478-2o77, 
Austin. Good buy - W orth the try ! ( 
'7o OLDS Cutlass S, am-tm stereo. 
M ag wheels, low m i. E x c e lle n t cond 828-7345; 342-5745 att 4pm 

’ 75 P I N T O 3 - d r 
77 OLDS Cutlass Supreme 
Take over paym ents, no equ ity, 
! ? i l l | r . r S !S ' call Credit M anager, 349 6948 
, ^ d w list *2^667? 
* ’ 2oo. 

746 TRUCKS A COMMERCIAL 
TRAILERS, BUSES 

ALAMO W HITE TRUCKS 
816 PROBANDT 
224-2131 

74 D atsun p ic k u p 4 speed. 
, 726-o291; 226-o292 
________ 
'72 Datsun PU. new tires, battery- m uffler $1695, Helen 735-2o34 
*72 Dodge C argo Van. LO AD ED 
, 826-9565, 695-8o56 
■ 73 Dodge Club Cab 1; ton pickup. 
, Loaded. S acrifice. $235o. 533-337o 

•62 AN D 63 FO R D P IC K U P S . 
C A LL: 735-659o. 

75 Pinto MPG 2-dr., auto., a ir, 
A M -F M c a s s e tte M P X . 13,6oo miles, t owner. 649-2346.________ 
'76 Pinto M PG , 2 d r, auto, a ir, radio, heater, bucket seats, good condition. 225-6727, 826 5394. 
•73 Pinto Runabout, fully loaded, excellent condition, call 225-51 11 
Mon thru F ri, 8 3o to $, ask for 
R ichard ________________________ 
'75 Pinto Runabout 4 speed, air, 
AM. Radio, fa c to ry mags $2595 
Call: Manuel 341 9433, 349-72/3 
74 
PINTO 
4 
494-5313 speed, 
$1295 

‘ 76 P IN T O S q u ir e w a g o n 
Toke over paym ents, no eauity, coil Credit M anager, 349 6948 
*74 Pinto station Wagon 4-speed 
AM ra d io $165o. C ull 
M anuel, 
341 9433, 349-7273________________ 
Sell o r T ra d e 
77 F o rd F-1oo 
Ranger Short bed 822-98)6______ 
•71 T-Bird E xtra nice $1995 W ill trode 923-2883___________________ 
•74 T B ird Loaded, I owner Ex c e ile n t cond , lo w m ile s , b e st otter 684 17o9 att 5._____________ 

I 
--------- 

Take over paym ents, no equity, call Credit M anager, 349-6946 nipgritgl 'AKITI 
* 1 

; ‘66 Olds C utlass S ta tionw agan . 
S295 Trode. 342-2o93.____________ 
( 69 Olds 442 Cutlass. I owner, a ir, steel radials 732-2oo2. 
75 HIOS CUTLASS 
4-dooi V-8, autom atic, air, power. 
Only 34,ooo miles .......................$3895 
JAMISON M trs Sequin, 223-52o1 
73 Olds Cutlass Supreme I owner. 
826-9565, 695-8o56 
____________ 
1976 Olds Cutlass Suprem e 2 dr 
H a rd to p . A M -F M ste re o , tone deck Bucket seats, tilt wheel. Full power 
M ust sell now, w ill help finance. Coll L a rry 433 1464______ 
73 Olds betta 88 2 dr. hardtop. 
C ranberry, white top, air, power, extras, 
A-1 condition 
$7995 
826 6619 
__________ 

'?s Olds Delta 88 E x it a clean 
$3995 Will trode. 923-2883________ 
75 Olds Delta Royale conv., a ll white, loaded w ith extras, excel. cond. $67oo. 828-3227 after 6 
•73 Olds '98' Luxu ry Sedan Like new 57695 Will trode 923-2883 
73 O lds R e g a l 4 d r. L u x u ry 
Sedan Loaded. V e ry cle an, rn e x c e lle n t o p e ra tin g c o n d 
By owner. $3175. 1-625-3562 eves, New 
Braunfels 
.,_u n : n > . l(Jo6------------------- 

ARMY TRUCKS 
A LL SIZE* 
A L L TY PES 
I 
Braubach Equipm ent, 736-1659 
■ ‘76 Blazer Cheyenne package, 2 w h e e l d r iv e , e x tra s , $6ooo. 
224-o489 after 3 pm. 
‘74 BLAZER, loaded None nicer, extra low mi. 435-576o eves 

•73 Dodge Crew Cab w ith Camper. 
LW B , 1 1,ooo K it. T a k e o v e r payments. 655 1952, 1 965 3861 

: 75 Blazer 4-wheel drive. A utom a­ tic transm ission, power steering, brakes. 
A ir, 
Good condition! 
6 6 1 - 5 4 2 8 _______________ 
7 3 
B la z e r, 4 w h e e l d r iv e , 
C heyenne p a cka g e p lu s m any other extras, $4ooo. Cal! between 
4-7pm 684-6629 __________________ 
*73 Blazer. 4-whl d riv e , loaded 
Excellent $44oo 661-2584 
•75 B lue F o rd C o u rie r, 23,ooo m iles, cam per shell, $3,ooo firm 
Oft. 3prn 674-4372.________________ 
71 Bronco VS 4-whl drive, excel- lent cond. $225o. 828-1975________ 
C ENTURY W RECKER SALES 
D istributors Century W reckers 
16o3 NO. ALAM O 
225-6146 
73 Chev C a m pe r S p e cia l, d u a l ta n k s . VS, s e d a n , a u to , a ir . 
226 o291; 226-o292 
ON A W A N ' 

74 D O D G E P IC K U P - 24,ooo 
M IL E S . A U T O M A T IC , C L U B 
CAB $2495 828-6959______________ 
76 Dodge Sportsman Royale Van 
826-9565, 695-8o56________________ 
'76 
D o dge 
S tre e t V a n , low m ile a g e , VS, a u to , a ir, c ru is e , custom w indow s, wheels and in­ te rio r, ca p ta in s c h o irs , am -fm quad stereo, $66oo or best otter. 
, 661-269o_________________________ 
•64 Dodge ton flatbed. V8, auto 
Runs good, good tires. 
$45o. 
922-8661 
_______________ ____ 
, '75 Dodge Van. Custom paint, int. lo a d e d . L o w m i. $6ooo am . 
826-6852; att 3 925 5464___________ 
Dodge van *74, excellent, 6 cyl std, 
$295o. 674-2528, 673-2481 
74 Dodge 4 WD Club Cab, auto, pow er, c ru ise , 37,OOO m iles, big tire s; new valve 1ob, brakes and 
U joints. $3995 658 1696.__________ 
Double Cab 73 Dodge. New tires, 
■ new r e b u ilt m o to r. T o o l box. 
' $3ooo 655-1952 atter S. 
_______ 
DRIVE IN TRUCK SALVAGE 
PICKUP TRUCK PARTS 

T 5 ----- 
IH I N U M Bie t o C AH 
15 725-16o6 
I X PC I SS AND N tw s 

Dump T ruck and T ra cto r 
1971 Chevy C-6o 427 sin g le axle tra c t or w ith 1974 2o yd. L u fkin tandem tra ile r. Good cond ition. 
1977 lice n se p la te s . C a ll R udy 
1924-5591; days, 732-7278 eves. 

 j 72 Ford LW B, 6 cyl., stand. 4-spd. four, sharp, trade, 1o23 Fabulous 
(SI 15o- best otter 655-5255 
|*72 F o rd P ic k u p 36o e n g in e , 4 speed, la rg e tire s , s m a ll bed, 
51495. 927 6498. 

H a rley D avidson 12oo E lectroG - lide, excellent condition, less than 
6,ooo miles. 
$295o. 
Uvalde, 
1-278-6o28. 

(75 F o rd P ic k u p 5« to n , 39o, 4 speed, a ir, p o w e r, d u a l ta n k s , 
$4o75. 681-2911. 

1976 HONDA A utom atic, fa rin g , c ra s h b a rs , bock re s t, sadd le bags, fu lly loaded. 46oo m iles. Still in w a rra n ty . SI9oo. See at B e l­ vedere M otel, 197o A ustin H w y, 
Rm. 13 
72 Ford pickup. LWB, V8, auto , 
CB. 
P riced fo r quick sale! 
684-1176. 
'64 FORD RANCHERO, VB 
Stand-good cond. $5oo 922-8661 
‘73 Honda CB175, excellent condi­ tion, low mileage w ith 2 helmets, 
*475. 681-1664 
'75 Ford R anger X LT 3« ton tru ck. 
A fte r 4 pm w e ekdays, a n y tim e weekends, 681-1483 
74 Honda 36o CB Excellent cond 
2 helmets $695. 494-512! att 5 
'75 F ord R a n g e r, 4 speed, a ir, power, positive tra ctio n ' dual gos tanks, radio, new tires. $4195. 
1-379-6616. 

'74 Hondo CB36o less th a n 7oo actual m iles, $65o. 623-3955. 
7$ HONDA CB 36oT. 5,ooo m i. like new. $675. 924 6671 
•71 Ford Super Van. Carpet, bed, sink, ice box, Copt. chairs. $2999 
! 736-o846. 

75 HONDA CBSooT 
5oo miles $12oo. 656-52o4. 
‘74 H O N D A 75oCC. F u ll d re ss, perfect cond. *16oo 655-4336. 
75 Ford I ton, dual wheels. Cab 'n chassis $315o best offer 655-5255 
'74 Hondo SSO. E x c e lle n t co n d i­ tion. $7oo or trade fo r sm all car 
828-6993. 
‘73 F o rd 'z ton. E x c e p tio n a lly clean $2695 W ill trade. 923-2883 
1973 FORD 'J ton P ickup LWB, 
V-8 standard. $145o. 344-7oo9 
1972 Honda 75o. Fully loaded, CB hookup. Low m i. $125o or best offer Jeff: 458-7414 
*71 FO RD J4ton, V8, a u to , a ir, 
$145o. Jim 661-4511 
‘ 74 Hondo IOO, good c o n d itio n ^ 
8,ooo mi. Orange. 494-5615 
FO RD 9ooo T w in Screw 318 hp 
D etroit Diesel $65oo. 25 T. Lowboy 
$45oo. 532-4151. 
‘76 Honda 75o-K, Approx. 18oo m i 
E x tra s : W in d ja m m e r III w ith low ers, to u rin g h a n dleba rs and seat, hot co ils, ro ll b a r, A m co a d ju s ta b le lu g g a g e ra c k and b a c k re s t w ith fitte d to te bag 
Shoei saddle bags, V andacruise cruise control. $23oo 679-7138 

74 F ord Van, a ir, auto, pow er, 
828-6355 after 7: 696-o3o3 
•61 FORD VAN 
6 cyl. standard, $4oo. 922-8661 
‘77 
F o rd 
V a n 
E c o n o iin e 
15o-826-9565, 695-8o56 
75 Hondo 55oK, 15oo m i. L ik e new. Back rest. Luggage rack. 
699-o264 or 342-5194 
'74 Ford Van holt ton, 6 cyl stan­ dard, Mon th ru F ri call $32-3238; 
Sat and Sun, 532-5o77. 
‘73 HO NDA 75o. L ike new. W ill trade for Truck. 344-665o 
'76 FO R D V A N , lo w m ile a g e , 
$43oo. 333-662o a tte r 5 pm. 
63 GMC Pickup, cobover cam per, re frig , stove. 226-o291; 226-o292 

*73 HONDA 75o. Low mileage. Call 
927-3729 a fte r 6pm. 
‘73 H onda 45o. M ust see to ap­ preciate, excellent cond. 436-o314 
HONDA OF SAN ANTONIO 
57o8 MOBUO 
684-3682 
7 6 BMC SIERRA $418o 
F A C T O R Y A IR , A U T O M A T IC , 
POWER B R A K E S , S T E E R IN G , 
STEREO TA P E , NEW A L L TER- 
H O N D A '73. SL 35o e x c e lle n t cond. $55o. or best otter 434 ?8Js 

32,ooo O N E O W N E R M IL E S . 
O U T S T A N D IN G ! 3515 C U L E - 
BRA, 435-1641 

‘75 ’ t Hondo 55o SS. M any extras. 
Call: 681 229o. 
1975 Honda 4oo 4 S uper S port. 
Like new. 6oo mi. $95o 492-928o 
GMC S p rint 73. A ir, pow er, a ir shocks, new radia ls. V in y l roof, am -fm , good condition. 
$2495. 
696 2339. 

'75 Honda TL 125, tria ls , not yet b ro k e n in . M in i c o n d . M U S T 
S E LL! $495. 699-113o 
*74 GMC Suburban m any extras, e x c e lle n t c o n d itio n , $425o. C a ll 
344-6793 o r see a t 9o6 Haltown. 
•62 GMC w ith garbage dum p unit, 
$2,5oo G & G SALVAGE, 224-6661 

'76 HONDA 75o, w indjam m er 
E xtras, and tra ile r. 655 o882 
•73 Honda 25oXL 
G REAT S H A P E !! 344-6o79 
JOE HARRISON HONDA 
Sales-Service-Parts 
971o IH-35 NO 
656-94oo 
32’ 68QSENECK 
1974 Am fab F actory built, tandem a x le , d u a l w h e e ls 
14* ru b b e r 
$29oo. 695-9218 

K o w a s a k i 9o3cc Z IA D u n s ta il 
Cafe 
!4oomi, cam 4 lex S2ooo 
655 2111 

G RAN DE FORD TRUCK SALES 
(HIO and W W W hile Road 
461-4121 

1974 Kawasaki 17$ Enduro. Low m ile a g e . E x c e lle n t c o n d itio n . 
W ith helmets. $495 684-8217 
■73 I H.C. 17oo series w ith 2o’ van body. Rollup re a r door, side door, and lift ga te , V8 engine. 5 spd trans. G rande Ford 661-4121 

‘75 K a w asaki GS IOO, e xce lle n t cond. Low mileage. $4oo 822-7191 
75 Kawasaki 5oo H-t, 4,ooo m iles, clean, $975. Atter 6, 433-o154 
1973 In te rn a tio n a l 2o5o se rie s, 
116o C a ta p itia r engine, 5 and 4 speed tra n s m is s io n . 38,ooo lh. re a r end, New tires, IO hole bud wheels, 12 y a rd dum pbed, e xtra 
Clean. *15,ooo; 1971 W hite 4ooo, 
318 D etroit, 13 speed RR, 34,ooo lb rear end, new tires, new 12 yard dum pbed. E x tra clean, $12,5oo 
Can be seen at 1618 N Oak, No.15, 
Pearsall, TX or call 1-334-4514 

1975 Kawasaki KD-125. E xcellent condition *275. 492-9962. 
‘ 76 K A W A S A K I M o to rc y c le s 
4ooCC. 
S p e c ia l a n d 
D e lu x e models. Low m i S7So-SIo5o New m otorcycle tra ile r $25o. 349-8773 eves. 
KX125 KA W ASA KI ‘ Fast*. Cost 
S8oQ. Rode fo r IO m inutes, Sell for 
$6oo. Under w a rra n ty. 341-5991 

^ 

San Antonio EXPRESS-NEW S— Sunday April 17, 1977 

S o m e t h in g N e w , a n d B a r g a in s To o . . 
'■ Attend an Auction Sec o Auction Column 

SOI CAMPERS TRAILERS 
BOI CAMPERS IRAIiiRS 
748 MOTBRCYCIES SCOOTERS 

*74 Suzuki G T >5o. A H Windtam mer, dressed out, $13oo 925-631? 
1974 Trium ph bonneville 75o E x ­ cellent. 6,ooo o d . miles See, ride ct 5431 Crestway, 655-3561 

1975 Y o h a m o 4oo E n d u ro . U k e new 58oo. Coll: 923 1815._________ 
•75 Lave rd a 75o cc, 1,15o m iles, 
, an gn T f° m q w r w 
L 1111 - 

{ models W iring Problem s Honda 
Mother Nature forcing us to sell i4's a speciotty. 1o9o3 C. W ye Or. 
Wife s blue, '75 Y am aha SOO with 
(I blk. OW Perrin Battel) 657-7ooo 
W in d ja m m e r 3, C a u t io s c d d - 
N o rto n o5o C o m m a n d o H i- lefcaqv other accessories. 
Rider 
75oo mi, excellent *15oo 
337 6o7o___________________________ : 65o-7596._______________ _ 
SA N A N T O N IO C Y C L E S A L E S " 
Moto’-becane like new, less m an | K A W A S A K I Soles, Service, Parts 
4oo miles IOO ♦ m pg 436-775o 
| n A K O M A 
494-5354 

P R O W L E R 
SA L E !! 
NATIONS No. I 
SILLER NO W AT 
S P E C IA L 
PRf-SEASON PRICES 
A ll M o d e ls . 1 7 - 3 1 ’ 
In c lu d e d . E X A M P L E : 
2 3 ’ PRO W LER 
S le e p s 6 . W a s $ 5 1 9 5 
NOW $4695. 
TRAVEITo WN 
TEXAS, INC. 
96oo IH 3S N. 653-671 1 t(f«l frgffi 
Xiwi** I 
ONN 9 Iii tfwt (Im In. 
I 6 lei. I S W«4«»i 

TRAVELER S WORLD 

2617 Roosevelt 
532-6o61 

' 
AVION 

Trove! Trailers • Motor Monies 
Trade-in Bargains 

73 AIRSTBf AM 3 1 . . . $9,ooo 
7o HOLIDAY 31'....... $5195 
75 PARK MOOK 35 . $45oo 

66 AIRSTREAM 
$495o 

R ad ial T ire s 13*’ tor R abbit or 
Scirocco or Posher. 656-8565. 
•75 Suzuki GT185, 95 mi Excetlenl cond. 57oo. 341-571? otter 6pm 
1949 T R IU M P H . Chopped, lots of chrome. Con 734 8796___________ 
< 2) 4 -sp d . M u n c ie s . I B o ra 
Wo m er TIO, all G M 433 8477, Joe 
•73 Su z u k i, low m i., e x c e lle n t cond. Best oWer 828-6781 
-7S Yam aha Enduro. 4oocc, good condition. 58oo 876-5o87___________ 
’76 VW Trike, sell or trade. $13oo. 
732-8958__________________________ 
•72 T R IU M P H TR-6 Body, motor, p orts 657-2ooo; 734-o287 E v e s and Sunday*.____________________ 

’74 Suzu ki T S 1oO, gre a t shope. 
*35o or best otter. 342-63o6_______ 
W A N T E D : B M W Motorcycle, any condition, p refer older m odel. 
Beaumont. 713-633-4196.___________ 

•75 Yam aha R D 25o Low mileage. 
Extras. 5585 69o-9961 eves________ 
ROADRUNNER 

TRAVEL TRAILER 
SALES 
HI-LO TRAVEL 
TRAILERS 

SPROUTER TRAILERS 

493o RIGSBY 648-oo6o 

Toke over paym ents No equity 
G T 75o Suzuki. C ra sh bor, lu g ­ gage rack, 2 helm ets B a la n c e 
*!7So. 828-5o21.____________________ 
•75 Y a m a k a R D 35o. e xc e lle n t condition *675 658-9753 otter 6pm 
W A N T E D , Honda ATC 7o or 9o in 
. 9 ood condition, 1-425-1751 
__ 

 w m m w m 
GET THERE FIRST! 

Airstream 
A r g o s y 

SOUTH TEXAS 
TRAILERS & SUPPLY 

S E L L IN G Y O U R C A R ? 
H i-p ric e s p a id to r cle a n c a r s 
Trucks, etc. 222-1342_____________ 
TOP D O L L A R ! 
J U N K C A R S, T R U N K S . S C R A P 
_________C A L L : 342-51o1________ 
ET LOW CLASSIFIED HAYES 
TRAVELTOWN 
TEXAS, INC. 
SAN ANTONIO S LARGEST 
TRAVEL TRAILER DEALER 
* Over TOO Units in Stock 

AUTHORIZED SAUS FOR: 

HOLIDAY RAMBLER, PROWLER, PLAY- 
MOR. 
STARCRAFT, 
HOLIDAY, 
DIAMOND. JAMBOREE 
MINI-HOMES 
96ooIH35N. 653-6711 

Across from Howard Johnson s 

9 til dork, Mon.Tri. 

9-6 Sat. 1-5 Sundays 

 ti yow iiwfheruwd Dpaiet tot 
Aes# fin* 
COME SEE US TODAY! 
’ 
TIZIO IN 35 N. 653 4161 
AUCTION 
1221 B R O A D W A Y mARCEllE 

W a n te d ! W re c k e d 
75 o r ‘76 
Dodge Van. 344-967? eves_________ 
A ir C ond itioners, Se a rs, 22,ooo 
BT U 22o V Year Guarantee *185, 
Westinghouse 
6,ooo 
B T U 
SIS 
828-7741. 
_______________ 
Construction Company Liquidation 
Saturday - April 3o - 1:3o PM 
The Estate of A.M. McNeel (deceased) Asphalt Paving Co. 

315 RIVAS STREET, SANANTONIO 

WITHOUT LIMIT OR RESERVE 
• TD-9 Crawler loader, engine completely overhauled 5o hrs., new crank shaft, oversized sleeves and pistons, undercarriage rebuilt 
ISO hrs., hydraulic pumps 15o hrs., Droti loader, straight I ' l yd. bucket loader. 
• Unit Crane (dragline), model 514, '/» yd. capacity, shovel and 3o ft. boom with the following attachments: Hendrix preformed drag bucket, ’/? yd. Klaw Knox clam bucket, fair lead, large swivel for wrecking boll, large blocks (2). 
• Osgood Invader (dragline), ’/j yd. capacity with 3o fl. boom and 
6 ft. extension. 
• lee 
Boy asphalt paver, pulltype with 
9 ft. width. 
• Jaeger air compressor, 125 CFM on 2-wheel trailer with Con­ tinental F226 engine. 
• 12-lon 3-wheel Buffalo Springfield roller, ford V-8 Powered. 
• 8-Ton tandem Buffalo Springfield roller. V-8 powered. 
• 6-Ton tandem Buffalo Springfield, roller, V-8 powered 
• Bortmore trailer roller, pull type. 11 > Ion. 
• Shop-made oil distributor, pull type, 3oo gal. capacity. In­ ternational 5 hp engine. 
• 1951 Ford 1; ton truck with dumpbed and woter lank, 
• 1963 1» Ion dumptruck. 
• International 2 ton tractor with gooseneck, 2 Ion lowboy trailer ond pwer winch. 
• 21x115' dissassembled metal building 
• STEAM JENNY 
2 air compressors, battery charger, welding torch, gas powered waler pump, floor jocks, air hammers, air tools, greose guns, vises ond bench grinders, hoists, top and die. Many hand tools, all Name 
Bronds and Proto, etc. fire extinguishers. Air driven 24 in. machine sow. Concrete finishing tools, Carpenter's tools. Step ladders. Bolt cutters. in. Shop drills, Electric saw. Drum oil and greose pumps. 
PLUS hundreds of other handtools and small items too numerous lo classify. 
* * All Trucks Hove Been licensed for 197? * * 
INSPECTION: 9 a.m. until time pf sale. 
TERMS: Cash, Cashier's Check, letter of credit. 

W A N T E D : U s e d 38 -4o’ V a n 
Trailer, Slide Axles, Sw ing Open 
R e ar Door, Side Door. 226-8271 ask for Mike.________ ____________ 
71 M obil* Scout, 23' fully self con­ tained, air conditioned 
*3495 
6*6-o752.__________________________ 
Perfume-free hypo-allergenic cosmetics with a Super Beauty B on u s for you. 

Air Conditioner, Friedrich 27,8oo 
BTU, used I sum m er, still under I w orronly *6oo F IR M ! 342-o228. 
W E B U Y U S E D C A R S 
O R S IN G E R B U IC K CO 
4515 SA N F E D R O 
734-4221 
A IR C O N D IT IO N E R S : Coldspot 
22.ooo BTU, 27o Volts *15o, Gibson 
1o.ooo BT U HO Volts *115. after 5 pm 655-o986. 
________________ 

1969 Mooney Chapparel, 13oo TT, 
2oo SM O H , K X 16o, W G S, A O F 
31 A, T P R 641, strobe current IF R , 
Feb ‘77 annual *19,ooo 659-1633 

W E W A N T TO B U Y 
G O O D Clean C ars-T rucks 
Call 924-6671 
2 air conditioners *5o ond *6o, 11o volt no. 8 electric w ire; I clock 
*1.oo; block recliner choir *35; 1 j bed *25; hi-bock ch air 535; end ond coffee tobies *25. 828-4995. 

IkMUtV prixlucN - «-vi-r\thin« you rn mb! ivisutilv w pm or n ill) Purely unit -.imply with- o iil tx'rtum e 

Marcel!*- H y p o -Allergenic 
Cosm etic s jre cl*--ignis! lo pam per sensitise skin. I sen it vo u nave a pear bes and r ream com plexion, you'll love them. lo o 1 M art elle otli-rs you a com plete range ol high Qual av 

A ir c o n d itio n e r, 
F E D D E R S 
I2.oooBTU, 
23oV. 
Good cond. 
977-5827 
A K A I T A P E D E C K , 4 head, 3 motor, automatic reverse, mode! 
GX-28oD-SS 545o. Pioneer 4 chan net stereo receiver, model QX-747 
$25o 2 Kenwood speakers model 
K L-7o9o51 5o eo. 2 K e n w o o d 
KL-777 $125 ea. 732-1514. nvwcilLE 

A L L F U R N IT U R E E T C . M U S T 
G O ! C o m p le te B e d ro o m Set, 
M a h o g a n y Tw in Beds, Dinette, 
Buffet $99, loveseat $69, Stove, 
549, Coffee Table. *9 17o5 West 
Ave, 73? 6595, ’-?-6pm_____________ 

76 Am m oco 41oo Brake lathe with following tools: disc brake facing, tw in fa c in g s , a b r a k e sh o e grind er, outboard su p p o rt ond arbor 924-5o61; 1-755-8151 ofter 
6pm M. E. Baker._________________ 

•71 A p a c h e R o o m e r T r a v e l 
Troller. Sleeps 6, im m aculate in­ terior. M u st se ll! *1ooo firm . 
337 7493 ofter 4:3o. 
_________ 

24o1 S.W. M ilitary 924 5514 
M on-Fri 9-6 Sun 1:3o-6;PM 
VITIAKCI Lit 
VCOo rr3fey 
U S E D C A B O V E R C A M P E R 
•72 O P E N R O A D ll Vt*, air, lacks, self contained ........................ 
H arper Motor Co Com perlond 
74o1 S.W Military_______ 924 5514 
U S E D C A M P E R S H E L L fits D a l’ sun, >75 (1)438-29o3 before 2 p m 
U S E D N E W T E N T C A M P E R S " 
*396. UP K C. T R A IL E R S 
71o W E ST A V E _________ 735 3931 

•75 A P P L E B Y T E N T C A M P E R 
Like new condition 
SO U TH T E X A S Trailers & Supply 
1121o IH 35N.____________653 4161 

A M a te o h e a rin g aid . H o o v e r v a c u u m c le a n e r, fu ll bed. 
655-3o24. aft 
4:3o, or w knds anytime!__________________________ 

Black A Decker hard-saot, valve grinder kit No. 6337, 679-7395 
2 blut bench seats for Chevy van 
SIPP each. 341-1584._______________ 
A R G O S Y 7 f trailer, 1973 loaded, like new 342 43oo 
74 A R l i T O C R A F T , 19' w ith rem oveable fib e rglass top. and canvas rear cover. 12o H P M ere cruiser, l-O, est. less than IOO hrs. 
*74 Shoreline trolle r with alec. winch. *4ooo. Call Bob or Joe tor app oin tm e n t. B u s 635-8431 or 
1-393-2581. Res 1-393-2897 
A R IS T O C R A T Travel Trailers 
The choice of the quality buyer 
R A H M B E R G R V C E N T E R 
2271 A U S T IN H W Y. 
655-o251 

A m ate u r R a d io C o llin s K W M -l 
*275; new S im p so n M o d e l 26o 
Y O M *65 822 3996_________________ 
•49 C h e ve lie S S 396-tor p a rts 
822-o729, 6SS-794S ofter 7 pm 
66 C h e w 6 cyl. 23o engine. *15o cath. 923-1115.________________ 
A M E R IC A N F O O S B A L L T A B L E 
V e ry good condition 
*125 or best offer 
_______ 
>24-3935 
_____ 
M EDICAL ARTS DRU G S 

7 o 5 E. H o u sto n 
2 2 4 - 5 4 1 I 
S a n A n t o n io 
O ffe r G o o d From A p ril I 8 to A p ril 2 9 

•69 Chevy 23o engine. $175. Call 
498-1137._________________________ 
392 C H R Y S L E R , new over $38oo 
Invested. Perfect alcohol or ga s!! 
Venoia, Howard, Reafh and D on ­ ovan 826 5878 
__________ 

(4) N IC E O N E S !! 
Harper Motor Co Cam oeriond 
24o1 S.W. M ilitary 924 5514 
'75 V A Q U E R O , 2 3 i 
A ir cond, ond TV ontenna 
SO U TH T E X A S Trailer & Supply 
1121o IH 35 N___________ 653-4)41 
Venture Cam per Trailer sleeps 6, extras. 684 7183 _________________ 
We B U Y A L L T yp e s of T ra v e l 
Trollers Coll M E L 924 5514 
76 Wide World 25 Travel Trailer bv Holiday. Double bed, center both Like new and loaded! 5525o. 
532-1958 

A ntiq u e d re sse s, linens, la rg e poppa son couch 822-711o________ 
Approxim ately 3o yds white shag carpeting, *45. 826-1997__________ 
Corvette ports. ‘63-’67 Hardtop 
New white point with black head­ lin e r, *35o. '69 a n d up p o w e r steering cyl, control valve, relay rod, and pitman arm *3o. 656-2829 

A q u a r iu m s : .T w o 29 ga l. sa lt woter, one $5 gal. fresh water. 
654-o429 
Steel desk, 54o. 2 auto, w ashers, 
*4o and *15, 2 lavatories, SIO ea. 
D ish w a sh e r, *15. K in g bed and m attress, new, *12o. Com m ode, 
SIS. 5o26 Northfield______________ 

B L A N C O P R O D U C T S 
N O M A D -R E O O A L E J A Y C O 
41o of Broadw ay 824-2981 
A r g u s C o sin g autom atic 35m m comero, flash attoch. 824-9837. 
PUBLIC SALE! 
C ro w e r cam , new, E d e lb ro c k 
TM-2-o for 396-454 Chevy, H olly 
65o spreodbore. 684-8189__________ 

B O X -IN Cam per. N e e d s repair 
*2oo. Coll: 337-3942.______________ 
Beautiful dark m ahogany dining table, no ch airs. *69. 8 p a ir of d rap es, gold 4ox6o. S ? p air, in- suloted. 2o? Dacus._______________ 
JOHN JONES 
Stereo con sole, new C a p e tia n 
SISO. W asher *5o, D rye r *5o. Good cond. 655-2825 atter 5pm__________ 

1 o V C a b o v e r C a m p e r, open rood, p a rtia lly se lf-co n tain e d . 
S1oSo. 653 o953____________________ 

2- '68 Cutlass or 442 front fenders, perfect cond 826 7596____________ 
Auctioneer-TxGC-77-oo29 

M 
M 
I 
J. KAHN A ASSOC., Int. 5 1 2 -34 2-4822 
5o96 Blanco Rd. 
Son Antonio, Texas 78216 
Planning an Auction?? Consider our ReputationI 1 

B e a u t ifu l P la n t s R e a s o n a b le 
Price 653-4619.____________________ 
Tape deck, C R A IG 8-track with 
F M radio, *4o. ASS1217___________ 
Edelbrock T o rke r m anifold, fits 
396 Chevy $75 341 6»?o.__________ 
Cob-Over cam per shell for small pickup *325. 534-326o otter 4 3o 
14 
B e d c o m p le te , c h e st of draw ers, m irror, dressin g table, several misc. items, all reasona­ ble 658-7866______________________ 

6o Ford 283 motor and transm is sion. *1oo or Best otter. 435-6637. 
C A M P E R C O V E R F O R S W S 
P IC K U P 922-7933 otter 5 3o 
C A M P E R S P E C IA L ! '72 LUV with 
Cam per. A u x ilia ry tonk. *1695. 
349 2o44, 656-2678._______________ 
C H E R U B H alf-cabover sleeper camper. Stove, ice box, sink, lots of storage. *475. 924-o6o5. 

TEAC REEL to REEL 
For Parts: ’i s Buick Electra 225, all power 344 1837 eves__________ 
4 channel stereo recorder, model 
A234o, m ust hear to appreciate, reiails tor *849, only *462. 342-1718 
B e d ro o m sets, cou ch, dinette, twin beds, re frig e ra to r, stove, coftee-end tables. French Provin- ciol sofa, dresser, 333-6958_______ 

G R 7o-15, T ire s ond Steel Bell 
Radials. 656-8565_________________ 
Ten T w o-w ay M o to ro la M ob ile 
Business Rodios, 6 Transistor, 4 
T u b e type, O ne B a s e Statio n . 
Three saxm ever new spaper typ­ in g m a c h in e s by n o n -d e a le r. 
337-3657 
M o n d a v - F r id a y 
9-3.695-8o39 Saturday and Sunday ond also evenings.________________ 

68 Javelin, all or parts. M a n y high perform ance parts. 433-1624 
F rigid aire 12 cu.tt. frostproof re­ frigerator, *125. Hot Point 18,ooo 
B T U air conditioner, used 2 sea sons, *2oo 674-o297._______________ 

M IS S IO N T R A V E L C E N T E R 
13o6 Austin Hwy 824-3248 
B E D R O O M S U IT E . B e o u titu l newest style. M attress, springs, extras ofter J pm 924-3151._______ 
G ro c e rie s, p o tte ry , p r in tin g paper, shoes, clothes 
G B G S A L V A G E 
2942 
E. 
Houston. 
224-6661 
B e d ro o m suite, 7 p ie ce E a r ly 
Am erican, 3» bed complete. Phil- co refrigerator with large freezer, several M ISC . items. All reasona­ ble 658 7866______________________ 

Furniture-Appliances-Jew elry 
All A p p licatio ns ap p rove d with required down payment. Coll Im- periol Furn. 222-2227. 416 Brady. 
YOUR GUIDE TO DEPENDABLE SERVICE 
EXPR ESS-N EW S 
Tom pson Seneca, 36 Ciiber with mold, like new *15o 733-7988 
Olym pic set of weights, 4oo lbs., good cond, with wide grip bench press. 828-4576 otter 6 
______ 
M a n u f a c t u r e r T o Y o u 
Still In C r a t e s 
F u lly A s s e m b le d 

Over 
2,ooo brand new 
1977 model big powerful 7 H.P. Briggs 
& Stratton Mustang Riding lawn 
Mowers. With full factory war­ ranty. Must be sold immediately. 
Not for $46995, only S2699S. full price delivered Oozer blade and grass catcher available. Place your order now or writ* for free picture brochure. 

Furniture, opt size g a s range, m an s and w om an s 5-speed b icy­ cle witn extras, household, ga r age ond yard M ISC . 337-4749 
Furniture. Lam ps. Heated Woter 
Bed, Misc. 696-75o5 Pow hatan at 
Tioga, Apt JI._____________________ 

Trash compactor, Whirlpool, like new, cost 5226, sell for 
SUO 
342-6o9).__________________________ 

Beds, ktngsize, ortho pedic style 
$128 complete, (worth 5175); ex­ tra firm kingsize 5157 com plete 
(worth 528o), super firm luxury k in g siz e 5186 com plete (w orth 
*4 8 o). A ll se ts o re new , s till w rap p e d , n e v e r u se d , a n d in ­ cludes delivery. U sually home 
684-8234.______________ ____________ 

One Full Size Bed and d re sse r with m irror. 696-7942._____________ 
Triple d re sse r, b ookcsase bed, 
*7o tor both. 735-o632.____________ 
O rgan, electric, with 4o pre-set chord buttons for left hand and 37 black and white ke y s. Sto ra ge bench and music. W alnut finish. 
*1)o Atter lpm 734-o649__________ 

T V. Portable, 19", B W, W orking 
Good. $35.oo. 433 o63o____________ 
G erm an China Cabinet. Walnut. 
8 x6' Call: 333-6624______________ 
2-Twin beds and B o xsp rin g s 56o ea-set. R o o m d iv id e r D a n is h m odern 51oo or best offer. 3-tier stereo table 52o. B o y 's d re sse r 
*2o. 
2-metai bookcases *5 ea. 
342-733o__________________________ 

O rga n W urlitzer Italian P ro v in ­ cial, 2 manuel. 13 pedals, superb 
*6oo. 344-998o_____________________ 
B ed s queensize, *65, twin, *45 
Refrigerator, 535 349-o82o_______ 
Gibson Les Paul Bass 
*325 cose tncl oft 6 534-9326 
Bicycles, ladies 24- and girts 2o' 
S2o ond SIO 492-2414______________ 
O rie n tal Item s, F re n c h C h in a 
Record Player, Misc. 655-867o 
I g irls b ike ; I p o rtab le a b o ve ground pool 433-8742. 
Gold velveteen sofa with m atch­ ing chair, $125 G old vinyl sofa- bed, 56o. 734-o934_________________ 

M I L D E W R E M O V I N G 
F O U N D A T I O N S 
B A B Y S I T T I N G 
C H I L D C A R E 
R O O F IN G 
Block and white TV with A M -F M ra d io a n d stereo. 575. C loth e s dryer, 545. 349-o82o._______________ 

P E R U V IA N L L A M A Rug, good price, white. 735-8o24. 8oo Bab- cock Apt 253______________________ 
Pian o, Sto ry ond C la rk stud io grand. Recently restrung Beau- tifuicondition 51395 344-7868 

I Two Black Recliners, *4o ond *25. 
I 532-452o______________ 
I Tw o G I m e ta l co ts a n d m at 
: tresses, reasonable. 533-59o3 
C A H R O O F IN G CO We do the lob right the first time. New roots, roof repairs of all types. Fre e est. 
655-1o39____________ __ 

A D D I T I O N S 
O r C a ll A n y t im e : 
A r e a C o d e 7 1 3 
9 3 2 - o 2 2 1 

M S M MFG. SAUS Of TEXAS 
8336 long Point Road 
Houston, Texas 77o8o 

2 Bookcases, I desk, in excellent condition *3o eo. 341-o262________ 
Good Babysitter, needs full time, in m y home. 126-8478.____________ 
G olf C lu b s a lm o st new H o g a n 
Apex Irons, full set, large fairw ay golf bag, woods included. 
*75 
696 1523__________________________ 

All Types of Foundation repairs, 
Low prices, H igh Q uality work. 
Call Anytim e 
A B C C O N S T _____________333-4816 

Typewriter, 15" Selectee. Service controct, O ra to r elem ent, *4oo cosh. No checks. 344-8o33_________ 

Reliable Carpenters, room addi­ tion. roofs, co n cre te w ork, ac- c a u stic a l ce ilin g , re a so n a b le 
Free Estim ates, 432-3632. aft 6 
436-oo97.__________________________ 

MILDEW REMOVAL requires 2ooo lbs waler pressure— 
WE HAVE IT 

Also oil and rust from driveways 
FREE ESTIMATES 
LOCKE INDUSTRIES 
653-4561 

Bunk Beds, W agon wheel design. 
*65. L shape sectional with stereo, 
5125 674-2578.____________________ 
LIC . C hild care in m y home. In ­ to n t st o 3 y rv C a ll6 7 5 ^ 7 *S .______ 
Piano, upright beaututul oak fin ish excellent tone 684-37)9______ 
C la rk s R o o tin g - R e m o d e lin g 
Free E st 824-1532, 
____________ 
Uneven parallel bors, self sup porting, 535o.oo. 1-625 1751________ 
Licensed Child care in m y home. 
M on-Fri. 7am ^pm , Between Mili- tary D r and 41o Expw y. 923-5644. 

Can not Continue P a y m e n ts on 
Storage. M oved to Apt Spanish 
Bedroom, solid oak by Am erican ol Martinville, never used, S55o. 
Sp a n ish d in in g table, 6 ch airs, 
S27S. H u tc h 52oo. a tt r a c t iv e naugahyde sofa, loveseat, chair, ottom an 5395, velvet lam p s 535 eoch Pictures *4 *3o 732-593o 

P ic n ic T a b le s, N ew 6 'x 3 o ’\ benches attached, n e ve r used, 
*29.95 delivered 337-3949________ 

R O O F I N C - G ra ve I S bin Ole R e place or repair. 
Stop leaks 
333-1oo5.__________________________ 

Golf d u o s, iron, pow erbuil.thor- ouqhbred, 7-W *85 732 )958 
U N IT E D F R E IG H T S A L E S 
No. I 
................. 1o4 E. L A M A R 
No 2 ... 1o41o P E R R IN B E IT E L 
Fine Furniture - Fraction of retail 

2oYrs Exp. City wide Service 
674-oo)1 
N E E D A Sum m er Sitter for your school k id s ? All ages accepted 
(Rep. Hom e) 923-2515.____________ 
R e g is t e re d C h ild c a r e , in m y home, 
Cameiof-ll. 
Glen 
Area 
653 214o___________________________ 

HANG G L ID E R 
Bennett of Calif., Ragallo, 17 S', red white, blue, 2 yrs. old, $25o 
Coll Jock anytim e 661-6229_______ 

339 p ie c e s of S t a n d a r d tile 
4‘«x4'«, 173 Blue. 342-866o after S 
IS y rs exp on co m p o sitio n or grovel root Roinire?, 342-78)o Lu 
TH E IR IS H M A N L E V E L IN G 
3o Y E A R S E X P E R IE N C E 
Note: Never Take the first p ric e 1 
333-9o51________ or________ 734 75) 

P in b a ll, b a se b a ll, ju k e b o x for sale, 653-4363.____________________ 
S E W I N G - A L T E R A T IO N S 
• T A IL O R IN G 
H eavy Duty Coppertone Dryer, 
SIPP 337-88o2.____________________ 
Pioneer CT 4141, cassette with 
Dolby, 2 B IC form ula 4 speakers, 
Teac 
AN8o 
Dolby processor 
684-8189__________________ ________ 
PloHorm swivel rocker, Herculon cover, factory packaged, five to sell, 58o eg 927 63o1___________ 

C arp e l, d ra p e rie s, rods, beds- oread, glosses, etc. 432-3434 
R E G I S T E R E D C H IL D C A R E in my home vicinity West Ave ond 
Blanco Rd. 344-7861 Take infants also,______________________________ 

2o Yrs. Leveling Exp. 
W e W IL L S A V E YO U M O N E Y 
734-43o8 333-2982________ 

H O S P IT A L B E D . A d ju sta b le , clean inner spring mattress, $1oo 
736-o432___________________ 
D R E S S M A K IN G , M rs. T h o m p ­ son, 333-5395 or 333 o528 
E x p e rie n c e d S e a m s tre ss , F o r men and lody's Alterations. A lso dress making. 
822-9418 
M r. 
Sanchez 

Ceiling fan, $175. Ped isfal lava- lory, $75 Sofa, $35 R ugs, 735-7683 
H o tp o m f 25 co ft c o m m e rc ia l heavy duty freezer, good cond 
*25o or best offer, 8o8 Ridgemont, 
826-9586 9-Spm.___________________ 

Central air unit, 15,ooo B T U Com tor) Air, 342-866o otter 5._________ 
G A R D E N I N G 
D IR T - S A N O - G R A V E L 
F I L L T O P S O IL 
Pool toble. 8oo lbs., solid slate, 
4x8', handsewn leather pockets. 
927-63o) 
__ 
Central air conditioner unit, com ­ plete Call otter 4pm 635-8564 
C U S T O M G A R D E N P L O W IN G 
A N O T IL L IN G C A L L 924 21)7 
H o u s e h o ld ite m s, fu rn itu re , typewriter, desk, 433-837o_______ 
Jukeboxes for sale. Hom e or bu stness 6 7 4 - 4 8 4 1 ________ 

Chair E a rly Am erican rust color slip cover, *35 R o y a l P o rta b le 
M anual Typewriter, *3o 684-6724. 

Pool table regulation size, acces- sones, *175 333-9o85______________ 
A A A G ra d e Law n and g a rd e n dirt, 7 day delly. O U G I T R U C K 
IN G CO 337-424o Anytim e *17 SO and U p 
____ ___ 

N O T A R Y P U B L I C 
A S P H A L T - C O N C R E T E 
W O R K 
S E W I N G M A C H I N E 
R E P A I R S - S E R V I C E 
H A N D Y M A N 
P O O L T A B L E . Transferred M ust sell. 3 mos old. *17oo value. First bid over *1ooo buys it. Financially able only should coll 494-7475. 

Title work 
Coll Oft 6pm 657 o476 
C h o ir s , S o fa s, T a b le s , E o r ly 
Am erican ond Traditional Aft. 5 
344 95o7.__________________________ 

Just divorced, m ust sell everyth­ ing. F u rn itu re , a p p lia n c e s ond m any misc. items. Fri-Sun. 8811 
Glen Shadow 657-25o6.____________ 

A B a rro n A ll types dirt-san d - grove). Y e a r Round del 435-6157. 
A l F E R T IL IZ E D V E G E T A B L E 
F A R M T O P S O IL . D E L I V E R Y 
A V A IL A B L E . 684-1873.___________ 

Don t walt any longer (W e have the m uscle to do alm ost any lob no matter how simple, no m olter how difficult. H andy Fel-O, 6459 Old 
Hwy 9o West, 673-2573 or 533-9o98 

G uaranteed Repair Service All 
M akes. Free in shop eslim ates. 
3523 West Ave., 344-9671 
Chest of drow ers 54o. 5 piece din- ette set *45. 734-o934 
P A I N T IN G , P A P E R I N G 
P L A S T E R I N G 
8' Pool Toble with accessories, like new, *125 684 1865___________ 
K e n m o re D ish w a sh e r, C o p p e r- lone, *1oo. Signature Venl-a-hood, 
Copperlone, *2o, 2 Double Window 
Therm al Lining, Spanish Drapes 
New. *2o eoch. 924-6o32.__________ 

Clean, Fishers, M aple Settee ond 
Chair, CoHee Toble. E x tra C hoirs 
494-5366.__________________________ 
C O N T R A C T O R 
All types dirt-sand-gravel. 7 day delivery Jacob 532-191o_________ 
L . * . . . o . . A „ 1 U A 
A C O M P L E T E H O M E P A IN T IN G 
H A U L I N G & M O V IN G 
R E P A IR S E R V IC E 684-4972 
K E N I S X Y C O N T R A C T O R 
Tape, Float, Textone 
Spray, Accoustlcal 
For Estim ates call 922 9684 

CoHee toble, 3 end tables, excel­ lent condition, reasonable. 
732 1274. 
___ 

All types dirt, sand, gravel. Jim 
Langford, Northside, 342-244o 
B E L G IA N G A R D E N T O P S O IL 
Best Quality, also sand-top soil mix Open M S. 433 1489__________ 

A G a rc ia P a in tin g C o n tra cto r 
Free Est int -Ext. 734 7846 
K in g M attress, Box Spring, and 
Fram e, *75 Double Mattress, *2$ 
492-2941.__________________________ 
A l hauling m o vin g with pickup truck, also ygrdw ork 673-5669 
G E R H A R D T * 533 7149 
R E L I A B L E 
E S T I M A T E S on 
P o in tin g -P a p e rin g , Sh e e tro c k, 
W indow G loss. R epairs, Budget 
Terms. 16)2 S. H a ck b e rry_______ 

25” Color console TV, beautiful picture, maple cabinet. 
S17S. 
349-o382.__________________________ 
H A U L IN G A N D D U M P IN G 
Have ? ' rTon Trucks. 533-1)4? 
K in gsize bed. full m attress and box sp rin gs, bedroom set, sofa ond choir, 654-6725_______________ 
Dirt-Topsoil Sand-Grave! Loam 
Roy Hendrix. Delivered 341-2449 
L IG H T A N D H E A V Y H A U L IN G 
Reps. 534-3722 or 533 114? 
C O LO R C O N S O L E TV. excellent condition *125. 673 7331 __________ 
C O N C R E T E 
S M A L L 
O R 
L A R G E ! D r iv e w a y s , p a tio s, sidew alks F R E E E S T IM A T E S ! 
735-13o4 732 7413._________________ 

Protect the Beauty of your lawn. 
Rich Top Soil, 733-o91o Sam to 
Spm ______________________________ 

L IG H T H A U L IN G . Reasonable. 
225-3o22, 227-98)7 ________________ 
L IG H T H A U L IN G A N O M O V IN G 
I piece or house full 
D ay or Nit© 
A P T M O V IN G S P E C IA L IT Y 
__________ 656-57o5 

P A I N T IN G 

C O N C R E T E W O R K , Asphalt, and rooting. Free Est. 337-6211________ 
San d , G r a v e l, T o p s o il, 5 to 7 yards Call 432-51o?_______________ 
T o p so il, G r a v e l, D e liv e r e d - 
Spread, NW ond NE, 434-11o4 

T re e s cut ond trim m e d 
F re e 
Estimptes- 534 3278 or 333 6652. 
T R E E S , 
H E D G E S . 
Cot-Trim-Houl 
D A V IS 732-1613 F O L K S 696 oo96 
Tree trim m ing ond removol. Joe, 
732-581 7 oner 6pm 341 3498. 

Arthur Pointing Contractor. Inf- 
Ext., Acoustic ceilings. 435 1348, 
Free Estim ates 
______ 
S p e c ia liz in g in 
C o n c re te , 
D rive w a ys, patios, w alks, foun­ dations, etc. 
F R E E 
Estim ates. 
681-o874.__________________________ 

Antiques. Appliances, Furniture 

Bever ond B e ye r Pain ting, Ex tenor only Free Est 732 3533 
T O P S O IL . Sandy Loam , osoholt drivew ay m aterial. W ill spread 
342-8837, 532 7922.________________ 

Lite M ovin g . O ay-N ight. T ra sh 
H a u l i n g 
S c ra p M e ta l h a u l e d ow ay tree 923-441).______________ 
Estates, Anything of value... from one piece to houseful. Call: 
342-4755 Anytim e_______ Est. 1949 

P A I N T I N G 
C O N T R A C T O R . 
In t E x t 
G e n e r a l R e o a ir s . 
Estim ates 
Gilbert 
Perkins, 
922 14o5__________________________ 
P A IN T IN G , G e n e ra l R e p a irs . 
F R E E Estim a te s. Bill Su lliv a n 
653-97o8 Clin! Hun! 655 2119 
P a n e lin g , Sh e e trock!" T a p in g , 
Floating. Accoustic painting. Al reasonable prices. 656-4475.______ 
P E R E Z & SO N S P A IN T IN G . In- tenor, exterior. 
Fre e 
Est 
433-o94).__________________________ 

T O P SO IL . S A N D Y LO A M , S A N D 
W IL L D E L IV E R 923 7426 
Low prices-Hlgh Quality concrete work. Call M r Concrete, Se habla 
Espanol 223-5667. 223-5115. 

Buying late model refrigerators, freezers needing repair. 341-1865. 
T V R E P A I R S - R E N T A L S 
T o p so il, S a n d y L o a m , Sa n d , 
Gravel, 
Drivew ay 
Material. 
922-8858__________________________ 
Service on old m akes and m odels 
Free Estim ates 7 dovs o week 
Work Guaranteed. 923-3285, 
C A R P E N T R Y 
Buy. Sell, Trade, Repair 
5322 SA N P E D R O 
828 
E X C A V A T I O N 
S E R V I C E 
H O M E I M P R O V E M E N T S 
M A I N T E N A N C E 
A C a rp e n te r. In N eed of Jo b s from roofing to Foundations. No 
Job Too S m a ll! F re e Est. A ll 
W ork Guaranteed. 927-5o24.______ 

C A SH for your Used Piano 
224-7111 or 224-11o2 
D IA M O N D S 
Williams, 227-87o2, ISO E .Houston 
U P H O L S T E R Y 
R E F I N I S H I N G 
929 BARABE SALES 
GREER CONST. CO 
A C O M P L E T E H O M E R E P A IR 
S E R V IC E . 684-4972_______________ 
Saint s Points. Int Ext Painting 
Gen Repair. 654-o477 Free Est 
Site Preparation. Land Clearing and other G e n e ral E x c a v a tio n 
W ork. J O 45o-C T ra c k Load er, 
B a c k h o e a n d R ip p e r , D u m p 
Truck. 828-4648 off. 5, 8-5 M on -Fri 
826-14)1.___________ _________ 

Best Price In Town! A s Low os 
SIO. o Sa.Ft. Lie-Bonded M em ber 
S B B . Free Est 533-o668 
All types c a rp e n try w ork. A lso roofing, p a in tin g , sa tisfa c tio n guaranteed 
No Job Too Small. 
656-5573__________________________ 

T H A T D O E S N 'T E A T !! 
C A L L J IM L IS T E R 
633-26oo or 633-o34o 
P A T IO C O V E R S 
• A W N IN G S 
S P R I N G S A L E 
All the following furniture listed has been recently upholstered: 
Antiaue sofa. hide-a-wov couches, sofa beds. and ch oirs. S p a n ish style love seals, Dining chairs. 

I Do Custom Brick work and Built chim ney 673-28o?_________________ 
Jo e M e n d e z P o in te r, to p in g - 
Hoofer, paper hanger, texture 
Free Estim ates 435 2778_______ 

U N L IM IT E D B U Y IN G of Better Grade 
F U R N IT U R E 
Antiques and Appliances 
734-9773 
_____ 

Fast, Neat, P ro fe ssio n a l, C a r ­ p e n try , p a in tin g o n d g e n e ra l ho m e Im p r o v e m e n t s. B ig or 
Small at o reasonable cost. *5 OO 
Estim ate Fee Refundable upon contractual agreement. Call Milo 
Gutierrez. 736-5724._______________ 

F O R S E A S O N L E A S E 
D oves, auail, deer, 13oo a cre s of groin and pasture, W ilson County, limit live hunters, I 996 3534_________ 

F E N C I N G 
M ognovox 23" Color TV, remote control, good condition 
5175 
696 154o.__________________________ 
S T O N E M A SO N - Brick Lover Al so 
Chim ney work. 
927-5659, 
924-4184 
__________________ 
Oak, Walnut. M etal Executive. 
Secretary, Student - large selec­ tion 569 5o and up A lso Good selection of F IL E C A B IN E T S . 
1131 Bosse Rd . 733 7367, 734-3o81 
O iam ond Solitaire I carat, Sot- 
Sun. otter 5 w eekdays 684-4181 

W anted : C a sh for late m od el re frig.- freezer 532-7977 924-363o 
W A N T E D : Comic Books 
_____________ 532-3368_____________ 

Fencing, barbed wire 
P riv a c y cedar. Any type 534-U44 337-4334 
24oo So. Flores 226 3o31 
P L U M B I N G 
F R E E Fe n ce E stim a te s 
Both wood and cham link. F A R M E R 'S 
F E N C E CO 622-95)1 or 673-4337 
R 
A 
B e n k e F a rm ond R a n c h 
Fencing 
Free 
Estim ates. 
69o-955o._______________________ 

IN C O M E T A X 
S E R V I C E 
W A N T E D : 
M a h o g a n y or m ahogany veneered double Pos- ter bed 824-4o29__________________ 
D iam on d Solitaire I carat, Sat- 
Sun, ofter 5 w eekdays 684-4181 
Om m g room set, 9pc antique bell table clock, in w o rk in g cond., ceram ics, 433-9924________________ 
D in in g room toble. buffet and ch in a cabinet, all w ood, d a rk 
French Provincial, like new. $8oo or best ofter 653-442o____________ 

A-f Will Steam Clean or sham poo 
Liv-din, room *22.5o, 9x12 loose rugs *1o.5o. 227-1986 225 83o3 
U N IT E D C A R P E T S E R V IC E . 
924-1o58 or 226-8246________ 

Short Form Only *1o. Wee! 
Oil 6pm Coll 657-o476______ 
W A N T E D : W o r k in g o r N o n 
W orkin g re frige ra to rs: 435-555o or 673-767o 
_________ 
F I R E & B B Q W O O D 
W A N T TO B U Y old gasoline and oil a d v e rtisin g , old sig n s, g a s pumps, globes, etc. 654-6879______ 
We buy Furniture, Appliances 
Estates Antiques G lassw are etc 

K I T C H E N C A B I N E T S 
F IR E W O O D . L e ss than o cord 
*25 824-o927 or 344-o547___________ 
How About o New K itc h e n ? Or 
Refinish your present one! Free 
Estim ates. 534-8846 Anytim e! 
C E R A M I C S & 
C E R A M I C T I L E 
F R E E 
F IR E W O O D ! 
B R IN G 
Y O U R SA W 225-3149 
__ 
Double g a ra g e door SISO, com plc-le 656-3917 221 5948___________ 
Mesquite-Oak W O O D 
525, p ic k u p lo a d ; SSS c o rd delivered. 673-8252_____________ 
T IL E Y O U R W A L L S over the tut) with ceram ic tile, 5', labor and m aterial $!89 5o A lso plum bing brick work. 734-5412, 924-7511 

L A N D S C A P I N G 
E S T A T E S A L E : 
Furniture, Appliances. Household item s of all kinds. See M oran Ad 
Under Antiques__________________ 

Wood for sale. Hove 2 or 3 thou­ sand acres of good oak and H ick­ o ry wood to sell in the tree of reasonable price Days. 684 177o. night 1-772-31o3___________________ 

W E H A V E P L E N T Y O F L IV E 
O A K 
T R E E S 
F O R 
S A L E . 
I 875 9o21 or 1-392-5361___________ 

G A R A G E S A L E : Just divorced, m ust sell everything. Furniture, appliances and m any m isc items 
Fri-Sun. 
83)1 
Glen 
Shadow. 
657-25o6._______ _ 

653 3714 anytime, 655-4634 eves. 
JO H N & R O W L A N D B A R N E S 
Licensed ond Bonded Bu ye rs 
B A B Y S I T T I N G 
C H I L D C A R E 
Fence Post: Steel I sa x66' long, SI 25 eo 735 3374________ 
W e b uy in ve n to rie s, tools and e q u ip m e n t o r w h a t-h a v e -y o u . 
P a c o, 6459 O ld H w y 9o w est, 
673-2573 or 533-9o98._____________ 

L A W N M O W E R R E P A I R 
G a ra g e Sale: C h a rte r O a k s, 2 fam ily, m any items. 1o718 M o ss 
Bonk. F n , Sat, Sun___________ 
Fender Stratocasters 
Excellent condition 
Atter 6om 534-9326 

F O U N D A T I O N S 
B a b y sittin g in m y hom e, a n y hours 
Any oge. 
References. 
4353)86___________________________ 
G arage Sale: Fri-Sat Sun. Furni- lure, Knick-Knacks. 31o Sovonoh 
I Foundation Specialist au D o n 1! H ave to pay m ore 

E d g e r • sm all gasoline engine 
Sharoen all kinds of tools, Pick 
U P -D e lt v e r 623-5986 

 u t o u t n t r n i b t M i u n a 
Babysitting in m y home. 
D ys 
R E G U L A R C O N D IT IO N 735 8733 
824 1o61__________________________ 
F lo r e sc e n t lights (4), 8ft. long, good for garage. 342-866o otter 5. 
G a ra g e Sale: Toys, golf clubs, form ica table, more. 527 Robin 
Hood.________________ __ 

....... ja y m ore lo the 
Best 
Call 
Anytim e! 
For Sole Com plete IO ti Port-O- 
Brake with folding legs, like new 
Colt 658-9895_____________________ 

W E P A Y C A SH 
For Good Used Furniture 
Childcare by RN , her home, NW 
Area, neor U T S A -U S A A 696 429o 
Garage Sale: Multi-family. Beds, d e sk , m ore . 84o2 O e lp h io n , 
Universal City. Sol, ond Sun. 

L O T C L E A R I N G 
A C L E A N I N G 
Childcare in m y home, Southside 
923 61oo__________________________ 
For Sole K R A F T E L E C T R O N IC S 
M A R K III Telephone A nsw erin g 
Muchm e 658 9895_________________ 
416 Doloroso 
Nikon 2omm F3 5 lens, new in box 
*2oo I fo c u s in g s c re e n s SU O , 
673 39o8 oHer I? p m ______________ 
G a r a g e S a le : Sat o n d S u n 
Corner pi w Russell ond Flores 
B ulld ozing, L a n d c le a rin g and root plowing. 
Any size 
Job 
333-3788_________________________ 
F O R S A L E . 2 twin beds, one photo enlarger. 696-253? 
F o u r team er su itcase s in good cond , one A m e rica n T o u riste r hot box *2oo for all 5 732-5333 

S A N D T CO Custom Rem odeling with designer service. 824-76*8: 
826-o794 

H U G E G A R A G E S A L E ! ! ! Lots of 
1 “ I » * • « '» U U U I I clo th e s, fu rn itu re . M IS C . 4o8 
For That Good Piano 
Dow nshire near airport. 349-822o 
Thot you are not usin g Ple ase all day Sot. and Sun. coll M r L e o n at 223-6151-_________ 

B u y Old C o t s ond W R E C K E R 
S E R V IC E , coll R Khord . 337-657o 
Sm all tractor, custom m ow ing, lots, oereooe 174-3813, 826 765? 

2 LINES $ 

6 
D A Y S 
2 2 5 - 1 6 6 6 
QUICK RESULTS! 

NON COMMERCIAL! 

C A N C E L L A B L E 

W 
I T H O U T 

R A T E C H A N G E 
(C L A S* a m t p N L Y J____ 
JKBCmANCMSE MART ADS ONLY 

Ii 

S IM S BA LD W IN 

6 2 3 L o c k h i l l - S e i m o R o 
3 4 4 - 4 5 3 9 

AUCTIONEERS 

4 ) o 1 W IS T 3 4 T H 
A M A R I L L O , T E X A S 8 o 6 / 3 5 2 - 1 5 o 3 

Son "Antonio E X P R E SS-N E W S— Sunday April 17, 1977 

8o2 UWM HOWS SLLIS BHI 811? M H R HOMS SHIES KW 
8o4 MKS. MOTTOS 
112 - MRW! HBRW iBgCeS 

LA RG E T R A IL E R LOT $4476 
' j cere, have others 
734-17*4 
838-o445 
333-1143 
WATSON A SON R E A L T O R S 
LOT N EA R R A N D O LPH F IE LD , 
1oox3oo. O w ner financed. $5o dawn, *29 month. 
484-4211 P IO N E E R R E A L T Y 

936 POeS^ATS BIRDS PETS 
936 DOGS^ATS BIRES PETS 
PUU SKIERS OVER 
5o MPH 
, 
WITH: 

CABIN ttUtSW priced like super­ 
'll' boss booh. See 77 Co8IA 21 ft. 
Vantage sleeper 2OO bp fVINRUOf, 
HO qnlv trotter, TOP, safety pkg. etc. S928o; or w/US hp $8395 38 mph, of w '3o2 V8 OMC 5988o, or w/ 
YOUR motor SS?? 
A COBIA 17 ft. semidelux CABIN 115 hp, troller SSI SO SO mph; w/7o hp 
S4767. skis 37 mob. or 7o ho 17 ft. w o cobb* S4197. Why gamble w/fly- by nighters’ 
8: Big SAFI boots entertain family/ rmployees/tlienfs, CHARGE OFF SS. 
(; See most complete, luxurious, 
COMFORTABIF 14 to 2o ft walk thru BCWnders in history: 77 
GtASSMASTERS, COBIAS, IN or out- bourd, OMC, MerCrutser, ploin, plush. 
TOP w/stroight bock, bugproof, hue- 
CAMPER curtains. 
£: Get PROOF ride up to 22 ft. now. 
24 ft. 351 V8 arrives THIS month, tayowoy cinches best S NOW 
o RICHLINE alum, boots SI 59 up. 
E Meet or beat EVINRUDE deals 
F: Used BEST grade proven classic: 
EVINRUDE 161'? ft wolk thru BOW rider 15o hp 225 V6 Buick OMC SO mph S325o; worronty; BANK rotes. 
Others S595 up. 
BARBERA SPORTS 
323 Broadway or 4th PARK FREE 
SO marine years in S.A. 227-2112 
9-6 p.m. Thurs. Kite 9 pm. Closed Sot. 

The Uftimete experience thai makes the going grand! 
XPLORER ^m m 
3o7 
Sell M o t Find It In 
Th s m t t X P R E S S N E W 
I 

M O B ILE H O M E P A R K LOTS 
$45 mo. FH A approved, Judson 
Ind. Schools. 458-oo33; 458-1334. 
3 MO F R E E R EN T 
Southside P a rk , fenced lots, paved streets, woter-garbage ad. 
$39 mo. 424-1323. 
________ 
UCTION 
TO PLACE YOUR AD CAU Ms. MOORE 225-1666 

N E, Shady A cre s T ro lle r Pk. fenced, store room, trees, $37.5o. 
Near Windsor Pk Moll. 824-8744- 
Northwest, $oX1oo lots, free move to quplifted renter, 484-2851. 
Pure luxury — with elegant standard features like color TV, microwove oven and lots more Exceptional craftsmanship throughout. Come try one on for site today 
FRY M O TO RS INC. 
2o6 WEST POLK 
BURKET, TX 78611 
Phone: (512) 756-2128 
The best in M otor Hom o living from Xfstoner. 

Quiet SMA Spices 
Please NoThlfdren 
PUBLIC AUCTION 
SADDLES AND TACK 

Please NoThifdren 
Please No Overnighters 
Only Quiet Contained Pets 
Seven Spaces Remaining 
Dun Rovln, 7oo9 S. Flores 
923-8877 or 344-5415 
A large shipment of Three Bar saddles and tack of all kinds will auc­ tioned off. Approx. IOO soddies 14", 14"?", IS ”, 15 Vi", 16 seats. 
Some padded, some hand tooled. Buck stitched and silver laced. Some are ranch using saddles; some plain or rough out tooled, roping or cutting horse trees. Some Arabian saddles, English soddies, youth A childs saddles some Longhorn saddles. All saddles have a 5 yr. written guarantee. KAKIIAl lActilJTING: Large quantity of lex Ion and 
Circle Y tack. 51o and 61o Sunbeam clippers, ear clippers, Trammel bits, Roy Type hackmore bits & spurs, pods, Kooi pods, Lariat ropes, Big lead ropes, bridles, cinches, Neats foot oil, show head stalls, show halters, approx. 3oo halters all types. 1oo s of items not listed. Eoch item offered will be sold subject to inspection. Both individually and in group lots. 

T E R M S: C ash o r Ch eck w ith P ro p e r ID 

S u n d a y , A p ril I 7, 19 7 7 - 1 :3o P.M . 

SILVER SADDLE 
4 1 o L o o p S. a n d Sou th P re sa - Sa n A n to n io 

A u c tio n e e r 
B R Y A N STACY T X - G S - o 1 1 7 

B eautiful A m e rica n A la sk a n 
Spitz, 4 wits Old, $4o. 433-4811 after 
<pm. 
3 Beautiful German Shepherds, 2 mote, I temple. 435-8541._________ 

A-A AKC SHIM TZD P D F S 
Moles, Females, Shots, 342-7o3o 
Beauty shop equipment for sale! includes chairs, dryers, tint ma- chine. 434-113o_______ 
A d orab le 
A K C 
P e k in ge se 
Puppies, 
Ch. 
Bloodline. 
SIM . 
*9o-9335.________________________ 
EXTRA 
CLEAN! 
1971 

25-foot, 
Lifetime 
Continental 
Motor Home, fully self contained, 1- owner, low 

 miles, priced to sell at 

Brunntng Dratting Machine and 
Draw ing Board, Desk, 3 Work 
T ables T yp e w rite r and File 
Cabinet. Accept Best Offer. By 
Appt 3413798 eves.______________ 
Close out price on 5 Olivetti cal­ culators and I 3M dry copier. 
Pa-Co, 4549 Old Hwy 9o West, 
473-2573 or 533-9o98. 

Black Poodle, 2 mos, with papers 
$4o. 433-o183.____________ 
Adorable Puppies, CHOW-CHOW 
A N D LAB. 341-o774______________ 
Blk Lab Puppies, full blooded, 
Sire AKC Reg. 8 wks. Exc. hunt­ ing dogs. 453-o9o8______________ 
BOSTON T E R R IE R P U P P Y 
Ch. Sired_______ • 
534-4918 

DON'T GAMBLE, SHOP 
R o n d o ! 
GET TMI BIST BUY 
YOU CAN, THIN SHOP 
Rondo! Marine 
O n 
1 9 7 6 C lose O uts,. 
Free trailer. 
Free a c ­ cessories, Free controls on 
'7 6 
M odel. 
Close 
O uts. 
Plus save hun-* dreds of dollars now! 
WE BUY AND SEU 
Used Boats, Motors 
Trailers 

EXC, guard 
1-535-4124 
AKC Basenji, I R and W, I Tri, 
Papers. 
Finest you'll see. 
494-7344.________________________ 

BOSTON T E R R IE R PU PS t i 
_____________ 434-4473 
Dishwasher, beer box, snow cone machine, dough mixer, steam ta- ble. Used-new, 733-1292. 
CHIHUAHUAS, AKC 
T cup puppies or larger 427-2748 
Chihuahuas, Black, no papers 
__________ISS 732-2474__________ 

AKC black Great Dane Pups 
__________494-2151 
Executive Conference Desk. $2oo. 
Thermafax Copier Machine *1oo, 
Two Girl Mannequin $1o each. 
924-4o32.___________ 
AKC Blond Cocker Spaniel Pup. 
Ch. Sired. 458-5239 oft 4._________ 
F EW L E A S E S L E F T 
75o,ooo A C RES 
Deer, turkey, quail, varmints, fishing 
Call 512-434-o7o4________ 

A NTIQ U E AUCTION 
Sunday, Apr. 17, 1:3o PM 
G ary's Antique Auction House 
Lockhart, Tx. - Coll 398-37o1 

C HO CO LATE PO O D LE PU PS 
___________337-8724 __________ 
> 
♦ 
♦ 
♦ 
♦ 
♦ 
♦ 
* 
¥ ESTATE SALE: I 

A K C B rittan ies 4 wks. Shots. wormed. 474-o18o Reasonable. 
For A LL NEW and U SED Kitchen 
Equipment and Supplies. See 
Levinson Restaurant Supply Co. 
19oo San Pedro_________ 733-o931 

Cock-a-poo, I'/Vyrs old, housebro­ ken. Needs kids and loving home. 
Coll 453-47o2 or 455-5475_________ 
A K C Cocker Puppies For Sale, 
Champion Pedigree, Butt color. 
Call att 5, 49o-8799______________ 
A K C C ocker Spaniel Puppies, 
Blfc-Ton. ABSCOB. 455-9471 

Antique rocker, massive adiusta ble bock. Best otter. 922-41o3. 
LOST OUR L E A S E ! Texas Tower 
Deer Blinds, *3o ea. You Take 
Down 
And 
Haul. 
Langford 
433-5841.________________________ 

DINGO German Shepherd Pups, long and bob tail, males SIO, fem. 
SS. Sharon at work 452-2235, 14o84 
Bulverde Rd 

42o Gestetner Mim eograph ma­ chine, almost new. For informa- tlon call Mrs. Martin, 432-7895. 
Antique telephone of 1912, best 
Otter. 448-4328. 
___________ 
SAT., SUN., MON., April 16, 
17, 18, 9 a.rn.-5 p.m.. 2o7 
Wyanoke in Bel Meade off 
Burr Rd. Royals Estate: 

A-MALE T R A IL E R S 
Horse Stock and Gooseneck 
New and Used; for Sale or Rent 
Also feed Barrels with Lids 
S L IM P O IL CO. Oft IH 37 
533-5151 
4o4 
Carolina nifes 
____________344-7215 
_________ 

Need 4 hunters tor deer lease in i NW Bexar Co. $35o per gun. Call 
I 453-o3o9 otter 3pm.______________ 
The Friendliest Spot on the Texas 
Coast 
T R A V TRAIL-R INN OF 
R O C K P O R T 
C A M PG R O U N D AND T R A IL E R 
P A R K 
Fu ll 
H ookup s-A I! 
W ooded 
Sites-Heated Pool-Air Conditioned 
Recreation and Game Room 

Good used Beauty Shop equip­ ment. Best offer. 441-5243 after 
7pm.___________________________ 

A K C Cocker Spaniel Puppies, 
Beautiful. Fem SISO, males *125. 
Champagne Silver. 433-2729. 
AKC Collie, Beautiful Sable-White male, must go, to good home. 
1 - 4 3 8 - 7 2 8 1 . ______________ 
A K C Collie Puppies, Sable and 
White, Reg. I mole. 5 mos. all shots. 734-5374, 8 to 5 weekdays ask ‘cr Nlfo. 

F o r Sale W e im a ra n e r Pups, 
Silver-grey, 
Sat-Sun only 
533-585o.________________________ 
Twin, Full, Queen, Kingsize 
SO LID BR A SS H EA D B O A R D S 
824-4925 
3123 Broadway 
3M desk copier and sheets. $4o 
___________341-1584 
Free Puppies; to good home 
453-4278. 
_______ ______________ 
House, Garage, Storage— 
Steinwoy Grand Piano, Jewelry, 
Rose Medalion Chino, Orien- tolia, Crystal, English Sterling and Silver Plate. Linens, Lamps, 
Desks, 
Hide-o-Bed, 
Pictures, 
Mirrors. Dining Room Suite, liv­ ing Room, Bedroom and Kit­ chen Furniture Of All Kinds, lorqe and Small Appliances, 
Books, Clothing, Kitchen Wares and House Wares of all kinds. 
Nothing 
Removed 
Nor 
Previously 
Shown 
Nor 
Reserved, 
NOT 
An 
Auction. 
Everything 
Clean, 
Tagged, 
Reaay To Go and Must Go At 
Once From these 
Premises. 
Another Genuine Liquidation 
(Our 43rd) By Phil ana Carolyn 
Moran. (Sat. Only, One Free 
House Admittance Number Per 
Person Storting Bom; Corage 
Opens 8 3o). Bring Shopping 
Bogs, NOT Children. 

Plus fox, title and 
Ikons*. 
M IN I CO M PU TER, NCR 399 with cassette, m agnetic ledger and program s (invoicing, AR, AP, 
Payroll, G L ). R eady tor im ­ mediate installation. Will train to use. 734-1928 for details.________ 

B E S S ’ AN T IQ U ES 
545o Old Seguin Rd., 441-5582 
★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ • A 
I “ WELICRAFT” J 
J 
AIRSIOT: SKIP JACK 
J 
J STEP-LIFT: SUN CRUISER * 
* 
* 
* 
All At 
* 
* 
Fantastic Prices 
* 
* 
GULF COAST MARINE * 
J 
3oo2 S. PORT 
J 
* CORPUS CHRISTI, TEXAS J 
* 
512-888-82o6 
* 
* 
X- 
* 
SOUTH TEXAS LARGEST 
^ 

* 
WELICRAFT DEALER 
+ 
J 
I 
^ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ 

Germ an Shepherd Quality pup pies, AKC Reg. Ch. Boodlines. 
474-3931.______________________ 

A Q H A F la sh y G elding, 7 yrs. show w estern and english. 
455-2758; 453-3775. Corol________ 
B O E R N E and C O M FO RT shops welcome you. Information - G ar­ den Gate, 314 S. Main, for area shops: Accent, Two on the Ark, 
Hand and Heart, Boerne House of 
Antiques, Jody's, This Old House, 
Pioneer West (Leon Springs). In 
Comfort, Comfort Collections and 
Morty's OW Her Rocker._________ 

Give away: 3 yr old dachshund, good watch dog, 735-4349, 341-4444 
PXI 1X1 OSK fo r J of_____ 
A Q H A 4 yr. old B a y gelding. 
Pleasure, Western, English. Call otter 5:3o, 824-8237.______________ 
A K C C O LL IE S 
Ch. Sired Sables, Trl's. 623-4511 
* 1 3 o 7 . 
H A RR IS 
W ESTERN CENTER 
1 -7 7 2 -3 6 3 4 
6 2 2 -9 3 o o 

Poyment counter, used In finance company, locking drawers, 3 sec- tions. 655-9738.__________________ 
G R E A T D AN ES, Blk, AKC 
Big and Little. All Must Go. t-428-2492.______________________ 

B ab y C a lv e s $3o-$5o. G ra ss 
Calves S6o S1 TO. 922-8449_________ 
17o3 S.E. 
M ilitary 
9 2 4 - 9 4 5 1 

A K C D a lm a tia n Stud, E x tra 
Large Breed. Must See. $15o. 
824-1412.______________ 
Barrel Mare, Exc. disposition, no bad habits, also Ig. roping saddle. 
435-8541.________________________ 
From May 1st to September 1st 
$35. a Month per hook-up site. 
Electricity extra. No additional charge for children or guests. 
D aily and W eekly R ates A lso 
Available M ake your reserva­ tions NOW! RI. I, Box 358, Rock­ port, Texas 78382. Phone (512) 
729-1155, H ighw ay 35 North in 
Rockport. The A rkell Fam ily- 
Owners and Operators.__________ 

A KC EN G LISH BU LLD O G Pups, 
I male $25o, I 
Female $35o. 
532-9392.________________ 
G R E A T D A N E S 
Champion sired. 1-755-4494 
G U STA FSO N 'S LA B S 
AKC Quality pups 492-9394 

B U Y S E L L -A P P R A IS E 
Best Prices Paid for Antiques 
P H IL W ILLBO RN 
TOWN & CO UN TRY A N T IQ U ES 
826-2749 34o9 Broadway 735-2414 

Beautiful Show Stallion For Sale; 
Sur Draff, See Him At Coliseum 
Show, Dorothy Bradshaw Stables 
817-265-3694 or 214-245-8275. 

AKC English Springer male pups. ch sired, terms, 422-3242. 
Good Lumber-Good Lengths 
8 ........................... 19c LF 
6 ......................... 19' jC LF 
8 .............................24C LF 

Hay barn 2ox4o, 12’ walls, disas- sembled. del. $18oo 44S 1299 
Half-German Shepherd Puppies, males $15, females $1o. 658-233o aivr 5 and weekends 
A K C Eng. S p rin ge r Pups, all shots, exc. quality. 494-1S6o. 
A K C Germ an Shepherd, Reg. 9 mos. Male. 433-5494. ___ 

B R A N G U S B U LL S 
2o, 2-3 yr old T o p B lood line 
Breeding Bulls. $425. 512-42o-23o5 
HAY Delivered 
1-485-3361, 1-997-3767 
T IN D A LL a n d S O N 
P O N T IA C -G M C , IN C . 
Authorized Dealer far... 
• EX E C U T IV E • 
• IT A SC A • 
• E X P LO R E R • 
M O T O R H O M E S 
Phis a full line of used R.V. 

4 6 o o S A N P E D R O 
734-15*1 * r 734-154* an W U e yI! 

Have Allergy Mutt Sell Old En g­ lish Sheepdog. Female, 7 mos. 
AKC Reg. $175. 658-5421._________ 
H im alayan Kittens, $75. Call 
455-5512 after lpm. 
________ 

Grobo Antiques, 2934 Austin Hwy 
C L IM E R S R U M M A G E BARN 
CASH AND C A R R Y 
Antiques, Bottles, Primitives 
Relics and Many Other Things 
CO M E S E E !! Open 11AM to SPM 
Closed Wednesdays and Sundays 
1-742-88o8 during business hours 
Where Hwy 47* crosses Hwy 16 
_______ POTEET, T EX A S_______ 

Large Charolois Bull with papers 
$95o. 1-625-6oo7.______________ 
C A LL IE B E R M U D A GRASS, now toking orders for planting mater­ ial. A vail. A p pro x. M a y IS. 
$lS-gunny sack, $loo-pickup load. 
Frank 
Rhew 
1-393-4o22 
Floresville._____________________ 

A K C 
G e rm an 
S h o rth a ire d 
Pointer, 6 mos old $45. 481-o142. 
* SOO S e q u in R d , 226-3141 • 
Leaving Town, Must Sell! Halter 
Conform ation, 3 yr. Stud Colt. 
Dark Chestnut, race bloodlines, never started, sound. 696-o81o rm.l!7. 734-532o._____________ 

A K C G erm an Shepherd pups, over 48 Champions and Imports In 
Mother's and father's bloodline. 
AU shots and pedigree papers. 
Natalia, 1-463-2741_______ _____ 

Savin 222 Copier 
IR IS H 
S E T T E R 
C L U B 
O B E D IE N C E A N D C O N F O R M A ­ 
TION C LASSES. Start 7 p.m. Tues 
19 April in Brakenridge Pork. 
Registration 12 and 19 April 7 p.m. 
435-8344._______ 

$1ooo 
Steam table, stainless steel, 6 comportment. 344-2542 atter 6. 
WOW! 

LOOK AT THESE 

LOW-LOW 
PRICES 

Starting At 

C H A R O L A IS B U L L S , Com m er­ cial and full French, $4oo-up, Club 
Calves. Maple Sp rin gs Ranch. 
*98-2349; 512-589-7791 weekends. 
4-4-8-13 Total N CR Cosh Regis ters. 534-349o, 448-3358.__________ 
A K C Golden Retrievers, lOwks. 
Old, $1oo. ea. 549-3284.___________ 
A K C 
G R E A T 
D A N E 
H A R 
LEQ U IN 
PUPS, 
C R O PPED. 
448-1243. 
_ _ _ _ _ 

. i i A a n n g m 

18 ft. lone Star Deep Hull 
J 
Deluxe fiberglass, white and red t trim. 
Has 
75 hp 
Evinrude, 
; custom built trailer, boat cover, t new battery. Motor just tuned. 
I 

This Rig is in beautiful condition i 
— you must see itll 
< 

JACK RIEGERT I 
C h ry sle r-P ly m o u th 
J 
U sed Car D e p a rtm e n t , 

58oo San Pedro 
732-8215 * 

Every Sat 12 Noon, Cottle, sheep, goofs, horses. 12 ml. S.W. S.A 
Form Rd. 2173, Macdona, Tx. 
C O LLEC T O R 'S IT EM S 
R A R E A N D O L D A M E R IC A N and 
E n g lish 
N e w sp ap e r 
Collection tor Sale In it’s entirety. 
 tion. A Hallmark in Antiques and lasting value to research ers. 
Dates start with 1441 thru I7fh, 
18th, 19th, and 2oth Centuries. 
Write: Jack Halpern, Box 4o4, 
Calabasas, Californio. 913o2_____ 

Used Sweden twin head soft serve ice cream machine. Excel, cond. 
732-52oo before 1oAM.___________ 

LA B R A D O R S Female 
AKC. 
625-7676 
524 
S. 
Santa 
Clara in 
New 
B raunfels._______ _ _ _ _ _ ______ 

PHIL MORAN INTERIORS. 
2o3 WEST MISTLETOE. 734- 
5668 or 824-1786 for farm, ranch htd&s., up fast on your site. Economical, 15 degrees cooler. Tel. 494-3318._____________ 

No. I Fertilized Coastal Bermuda 
H ay $1.7$ per bale in B a rn . 
Sutherland Springs 25 bales min- imum. 226-o141; 824-4o27._________ 

A K C Irish Setter*, 3 m ot *75, vaccinated. 422-385o ; 622-3794. 
W a r t A n t a l D ie 
Going out of Business 
All types of new and 
Used Equipment 
4435 R IT T IM A N RD. 

Lhasa Apio Puppies, shaw auali- tv, shots, wormed. 1-3S7-4S75. 
AKC LA B R A D O R P U P S 
Ch. Lines, yellows-blks. 826-3393. 
AKC Norwegian Elkhound Pups, 
Ch. Bloodline. Exc. Watchdogs, shots, wormed. 344-171o._________ 

A N T EX T R A V E L C E N T E R 
38o2 N.W. Loop 41o 
____________734-5131 
April, May and A : oust Rentals 
GMC 22' "M ini”. Great rates. 
492-941o 

•Coastal Bem oil* 
Sprigging and custom work, also chisel plowing and hay bailing. 
1-742-8415. Schumacher Bros. 

P A IR S , C O W S A N D G R A S S 
CALVES. 448-1931; 448-31oo. 
OBEDIENCE CLASSES 
German Shepherd Dog Club San 
Antonio, registration Thurs, 14 
Apr 4-9 p.m. and Thurs 21 Apr. 4-7 p.m. 
Joe 
Freeman 
Collsuem 
922-2197.________________________ 

Palomino Shetland M are w-sod- dle both tor $75. 1-885-7214 aft 6 
O P A ’S A N T IQ U ES 
22o3 S. Hackberry 
Covered Wagon, good condition 
Call 425-6627 New Braunfels 
A K C P e kin ge se and B rittan y 
Pups 824-3327.__________________ 
P A S T U R A G E FO R R E N T : IS caffle, Smi W.of Castroville. $7oo yr. 734-o823.____________________ 

COASTAL- H A Y and SO RG H U M 
HAY. Good bales, fertilized, in the barn at F lo re sville , $1.5o up. 
924-8134. After 4:3o and weekends 
227-88o3._______________________ 

Q U E E N ’S A N T IQ U ES 
28o9 Fredericksburg Hours: 9-5 
Extended Annual Spring Sale 
Antiques-Collectibles 
Reduced Up To 5o% Below List. 
1o-5 Thru I May 
C alam ity Jane 65o Hw y 78 
Schertz, Tx. 658-7782 

A KC Red Doberman (beautiful) male, ll mo. Obedience trained. 
$45o. 732-3824 _______ _______ 
O L D EN G . Sheepdog Puppies 
AKC, SSOO-up. 826-5759.__________ 
P ig s for Sale ; D u ro c C ross, various ages, $25 up. 1-537-4258 
M O T O R H O M E S 
Exclusive Franchised Dealer tor: 
X P LO R ER , T R A V E L O U E E N 
KIN G S HIGHW AY, K E Y ST O N E 
342o SO. P A D R E ISLA N D DR.$1! 
CORPUS CHRISTI, Tx. 
78415 

BILD MART 

6o1 Florida • 534-o751 
DISCOUNT 

Building Material Store 
Car-Mac 5o-in. Metal Hang-a-Tool rock.................... $3.95 
3o go. domestit corrug iron..................$19.95 sq. 
12 in. Turbo-vent with base................... 
$22.95 
Bathroom commodes, white, S38.95; colors, 
$49.95 
Alum, roof coating: I gal. can, $5.95; 5 gal. can, 
$24.95 
Novus Ho. 85o calculator 
$4.99 ea. 
4 ft. wood step ladder $4.95 ea. 
Stainless steel sink, 
32x21"....................$27.95 
Misc. ext. and int. doors $7.95 up 
Mahogany wood screen doors: 
3ox8o,32x8o, 36x8o $14.95 eo. 
Thermo tile, box of 64 sa. ft................... 
$1o.56 
Maple butcher block cut-in-block with rim, 
16x16, $13.95; 21x16, $15.95 
BILD MART carries TRU-TIST paint - select from 124o custom colors. 
$ $ $ SA V E $ $ $ 
CASH ’N ’ CARRY 
MasttrCharg* * BonkAmericarcS 

Largest selection 

 of 12-14 wides 

2 and 4 bedrooms 

PO O DLE Puppies for sale 
_________448-184o_________ 
A K C Reg. G e rm an She p he rd 
Pups, High Quality Ch. Slood- llnes. 922-9483.__________________ 

CO ASTAL H AY 
451-4121 
•Coastal Sprigs .7o bu* 
Sutherland Springs 
1-947-337o; 1-947-3379 

1972 19ft. Sterncraft, 145 Mere. inboard Outdrive, Big Wheel Dilly galv trlr. 137 hrs., like new. 
454-8o9o. 
___________________ 

Nice selection, I to 2 yrs $2$o-up. 
451-4114.__________________ __ 
G A SLIG H T A N T IQ U ES 
1525 MC 
CULLOUGH 
227-48o3 
The most interesting antique shop in Texas. Everything from glass to Early American Furniture at 
Blumenthal, Texas. 7 miles west of LB J State Park on Hwy 29o. 
Open doily except Tuesday. Look for Blumenthal Hwy sign.________ 

A K C Reg. G e rm an She p he rd 
Pups, 5 mole I female. 924-1847. 
73 Brougham Sportsm an m ini motor home, 19ft. self-contained, good cond , 57,5oo 658-1573. 
PO O D LES 445-up 
Seguin_________________1-379-oo12 
Pre-Sum m er Groom ing Special 
$2. off reg. prices. All B red i. 
344-862o; 
655-8813; 
828-3827 anytime.________________________ 

R . A. Benke Form and Ranch 
Fencing. 
Free 
Estimates. 
498-9S5o.________________________ lf you have Antiques, Jewelry, 
D iam o nd s, Sterling, Gold or 
Oriental Rugs to sell, you'll gel the 
Best Price from Son Antonio’s 
Finest Shop: 

AKC Reg. Golden Retriever Pup- ples. 654-8727.___________________ 
SUNSET 
'75 Glastron 2o' 4" gulf stream 1-o 
2oohp v-8 engine, IOO hrs. $65oo, 
924-4471. ______________________ 
Burke Motor Home Center 
84oo BRO ADW AY 
_________828-9134_________ 

AKC REG. PO O D LE P U P P IES, 8 wk* old. 923-3912.________________ 
Reg. A ngus bulls and Heifers, 
Milton Davis 1-583-3828 att 9pm 
22' G RAND BAHAM A, full cabin, galley. 188HP Mere cruiser, galv trailer. 
A L L 
ACCES. 
$89oo 
673-389o________________________ 
MOBILE HOMES 
2762 S.W. MILITARY 
922-o54o 

7567 Goliad 
AKC SA M O Y E D PU PS 
Shots, wormed I 358-88o8 
Reg. App. stud service, $5o. High 
Iy colored. 698-2o9o atter 6______ 
•72 C H A M PIO N 24' Dodge Chas­ sis, sleeps 8, power plant. Extras. 
$1o,5oo. 923-7174________________ 

I Cow P r $265, Springer Cow $25o. 
Angus Bull $375. 922-84*9_______ 
P U P P IE S $25 ea. TA Bulldog v« 
Terrier ' i Unxnown. 661-2552. 
REG. 
P O L L E D 
H E R E F O R D 
B U LLS 
_________ 
1-426-3575___________ 
3 cows with calves $275 a pr. 
I-625-o812.______________________ 
Purebred Basset Puppies, 6 wks old. 333-82o5._______________ 
Guppy 13, Sailboat excellent con­ dition, motor, and trailer, used one season, seats 4, sleeps 2. 
$25oo. 828-2432._______________ _ 

Antiques-Accessories-Collectobles 
1o2o TOW NSEND, 826-3764 
A LAM O H EIG H T S_______ 

*76 DODGE 2o' Mini Motor home, air, sleeps 6, am-fm radio, self cont. 434-5778____________ 
M a s siv e Old E m g lish (lo o k s 
Spanish) 
9 pc dining suite. 
1-557-4253 
Custom hand made saddles, over 
5o used sa d d le s in stock. 
H undreds of lit and 2nd line boots. B and W Boot and Tack, 4o5 
S. Guadalupe St, San Marcos, Tx. 
1-392-4476._______________________ 

Reg. Burmese Kittens, Ch. Sired. 
8 wks. SIS. 1-278-2o89. Uvalde 
Saddle IS " Black Western S125. 
684-5353.__________ _ 
To Sell your Antiques 
O NE A N D A L L 
Here’s the number tor you to coll 
633-26oo, 633-o34o (cash paid) 
JIM L IS T E R 

‘75 Doogc Mini 18’. Motor Home. 
Completely self-contained, with shower All power, auto., cruise control. Window air. 36o V8. Ave. 
14 act. mi. on reg. gas. Many ex- tros. Price open. 344-3236.______ 

AKC ST B E R N A R D S 
1-o99-2184; 
1-438-2383 
(Canyon 
Lake) 
_____________________ 
A D D A R O O M , Custom Built 
Size, Delivery- Terms, 923-4346. 
Reg. fem. Doberman $15o 
________ 532-4653_________ 
Oak Washstand 
Currier and Ives Prints 
Unusual Linens 
A N TIQ U E COTTAGE, SOS Dallas 

Saddle for sale 
699-oo63 noble Cat Sailboats 
D ISP LA Y ai STO NE M A R IN E 
724o Bandera Road 
Dealer: Jewett Services, 342-8778 

Add-A- Room free estim ates. terms, free delivery 924-5oo3 
R EG . S IA M E S E B L U E P O IN T 
KITTEN S. 342-o113 otter 5 p.m. 
AKC Toy Poodle pups, tiny, silvtr and silv e r beige, w orm ed, groomed. $75 699-o353___________ 
Excellent tor Show, Nat l Grand 
Champion, Halter Mare. P.O.A. 12 hands 3 inches. $5oo. Call Collect. 
Boerne 1-755-45o7._______________ 

American Mobile & Modular 
H O M ES IN SAN ANTONIO, Inc 
922-7191_________ 
922 o441 
Reg. Toy Poodles *75. Un-Reg 
Toy Poodles $4o. 649-2821________ 
35' GMC Bus converted to motor home, self contained, $46oo. After 
5 pm, 828-2989.__________________ 

Elephant Garlic Growers Wonted. 
New ens*, seed bulb, plant now harvest September. Will buy all you can grow. 733-1137___________ 

A K C Y O R K IE Pup, male tun. 
Must Sell. 333-8494; 337-8268. 
4 BEDROO M , 2 bath mobile home and lot in Mobile Villa Estates. 
$16,ooo. 
TRI-CITY R E A L T Y 
____________658-o786 

12 - F -l B ra h m a n H olstein 
Springers S38S ea. Co ll 1-358-8131. 
Felps 14' Covered Stock 513o7 
H A R R IS W E ST E R N C E N T E R 
622-93oo 
Lytle 
1-772-3634 
F % L P S HORSE, STOCK 
AND G O O SEN EC K T R A IL E R S 
Sales, Service , R e p a irs, and 
Troller Rentals, 443o Hwy 9o East 
(S W W White Rd.) 333-1611. 

Lake McQueeney, 512-557-6622 
Open Everyday except Monday 

K N O D E L M A R IN E 
Lake 
Mc 
Queeney, 
S.A. 
Ph. 
658-9164 open Tues-Sat9-4, Sun 1-5 

AKC Yorkie Pups, Stud Service 
_______735-4851, 734-273o_______ 
•75 GM C Mini-Motor Home. 22', 
F u lly equipped, com pletely selfcontained. Low mileage, ex- cellent condition. 51o,8oo 696-3834 

M O F F E T T L U M B E R CO. 
Wholesale - Retail 
"Dependable Since 1935" 
4o7 N. Zorzamoro, 432-7881 

PUPS, A KC Reg. Ch. Bloodline, 
Dam and Sire by Ch. Ruffians 
Harper. $15o to $3oo. Call Robert 
Smith 732-2288 
S T A F F O R D S H IR E T E R R IE R ? - 
822-7666_________________ 824-8324 

T R E N C H IN G : IOO ti - 1o,ooo ft w aterllnes and burled cables. 
337-8oo1. 8 am IO pm. 
__ 
A KC Y O R K IE S 
Quality 6 mo m ale-Tlny 3'/>m« ternate. 824-8327_________________ 
Displayed 

But Never Used 

Kingsize Bedroom Set Complete 
$225. White Cold Bedroom Set, 
Bamboo Rattan, Herculon Sofa and Choir $139. Recliner $59. 
Extra Firm Full Size Bed $6S. 
Stereo, Sofo Sleeper, $165. Can 
Deliver, Terms. 
Smith Construction Co. 
8515-B Speedway 349-4127 

‘75 2 bedroom , 14x7o. Sm oke alarm , d ish w ash e r, w ashe r- dryer, central air, heat. Near 
USAA-UTSA. Pay equity, assume payments. 691-1215 atter 5 p.m. 
Beryl's Mobile Home Center 
NEW and USED-451-6961 
16S13 IH-35 NORTH (Selma Exit) 

‘75 GMC Mint-Motor Home, 12,ooo mi, 22', loaded. $11,ooo. 696-7498 or 
226-4164 

IO year old Gelding $35o. 9 year old Palomino $4oo. 679-74o2. 
Q u anlty Sp e cia ls; U sed Ibr plmbq, etc. 527 Cypress, 732-2437 
Am erican Eskim o Pupates, Pu rebred Reg. Balls of White Fur. 
349-62o1 or In Bulverde 1-438-2322. 
3 Young Nurse Cows fresh with baby calves. 734-532o.____________ 
16’ Marlin Low Profile Ski boat. 
115 Johnson with power tilt trim. 
Approx. 6o hrs. Dilly tilt trailer with IS " wheels. Rig purchased new Aug. ‘73. Many extras. $28oo. 
679-7138. 
_____________ 

Reduced 12x16 heavy duty Stg terms, free del. 732-5171 _______ 
TIN Y CHI APSO Puppies, 8 wks, wormed. $45 and $5o. 337-3649. 
GMC MOTOR HOM E 
FOR R E N T 
349-o772; 349-4311; 734-9389 
Am erican Field Trial Ch. Line 
Eng. Setters. 824-7788.___________ 
7 yr Mare and Colt 
Used 1o5 and 117 siding, 2x6es, 
2x4s, rooting, plastic cement. 
Pa-Co, 4459 Old Hwy 9o West, 
673-2573 or 533-9o98_____________ 

UKC Black and Tan Coonhound 
Pups. Ch Bloodlines with papers, shots, wormed. Rf I, Box 275, 
Blanco Tx. 1-833-499o ___________ 

F R E S H CU T O A T H AY , cut in dough stage. Lim ited Supply. 
533-5145 after 6 and weekends 
677-817o; 677-8216._______________ 

4 yr old black Q uarter horse, gentle. 
$4oo, and tack, 
$3oo. 
696-38So________________________ 
Daily and Weekly Rates 
WANT AN AKC DOG? 
S.A. Dog Breeders Referral Ser­ vice will put you in touch with a n earb y reputable b reeder. 
494-7787, 473-44o3.________________ 

15 gentle (F-l) Holstein brahman yearling heifers. 734-532o________ 
League, 113oo Nacogdoches Rd. 
Pets shown 7 days <9-11:3o a.m., 
1-4 p.m.) Nead loving homes. 
T errle Chihuahua, Shepherd, 
Puppies, Kittens, Many others. All shots 
______________________ 

PHO NE 
3 yr old gentle Reg. Q u arter 
Horse $4oo. 696-385o 
Mobile home site, from *25 to $45 per month, low down, short drive lo town, Hill Country. 494-3419 or 
342-18o3 
LA K 6 C R O F T 
R E A L 
EST A T E_________________ 

Boat Storage on W ater front beautiful area with excellent launch San Antonio 495-8811, 
G B G Salvage 224-6661 
G R E Y H O U N D B U S, 39 p as senger, G M diesel aux, air. documented maintenance. Fan tastic buy. $75oo. 1-884-o4o8 _____ 

'73, 24' H a n o ve r gooseneck trailer, exc. cond. $195o 1-42o-23o5 
3 yr. old Reg. Charolais bull. $45o. 
344-4222. 
I x 3 CAR-M AC Car Made SOin. 
M etal 
H ang a fo ot fro c k ...................*3.95 3o ga. dom estic co rru g. iron.........................$19.95 s 12 in. 
T urbo-vent with base...................... $22.95 
WBathroom dcommodes, white 
$38.95; colors $49.95. Alum, roof coating: I gal. con $5.95; 5 gal. can $24.95. N ovus No. 85o calculator........................ $4.99 ea. 
4ft. wood stem p 
(Odder.......................... $4.95 ea. 
Sta in le ss steel sink, 
32,21'’.....................*27.95 
M isc. ext. and int. doors....................... *7.95 
X X u p M ahogany wood screen doors: 
3ox8o, 
32x8o, 
36x8o.....$14.95 ea. Thermo tile, box of 
64 sq.ft..................... $lo.56Maple butcher block cut in block with rim, 16x16 $13.95,21x16 $15 

C & S LUMBER 
COMPANY 
SPRING SPECIALS 
Kiln dried— Nee Brite 
2x4-8-14'No. 2 YP 
16< l f. 
2x6-8— 14 No. 2 YP 
24< 
2x4 8— 14 No. I YP 
18c 
2x6-8— 14 No. I YP ....... 26s 
2x8-8-14' No. 2 YP 
314 
2x6-8-14' No. I YP 
34< 
BARGAIN HUNTERS 
SPECIAL 
2x4 precut KO fir studs — 
79« 
2x4 precut KO YP studs 
79< 
2x4 1o— 16 KO fir 
IU 
2x6 1o— 16 KD fir 
!5< 
4x8 W COX DEPA 
........ $6.99 
4x8 
7/16 
R.B.8B. embossed hdboard sdg. finned A grade 
$9.95 
CASH I CARRY 
WHILE STOCK LASTS 

C & S LUMBER 
COMPANY 
4647 ROOSEVELT 
(512) 924-8556 
1 

‘75 M FG IS Ft. Super Gypsy tri­ hull, 14o Merc-cruiser with 45 hrs. 
New, loaded. 449oo 658-426o 
1976 Jamboree Mini Home. GMC chassis. Like new. In warranty. 
Every extra. 492-2945.___________ 

‘73 C H AM PIO N 14x64, 2 bedroom, bath. 
Assume balance. 
5656o. 
432-2777 
Apricot Poodle, 7 mos. AKC Call ofter 6pm 699-3246.______________ 
IO wk old G e rm an Shepherd 
Pups, AKC, papers, reasonable 
333-5o48_________________________ 
Haena 5.2 Catamaran 
Dealer, 
Introductory 
Offer, 
____________886-3393___________ 
Luxurious Velvet 
Herculon or Naugahyde 
Sofas 

$1oo. 
Loveseat 
$75, 
Chairs $5o, Tables $ 1 7 each. 
Dinette 
$55, 
Bedroom 
Set 
Complete 
$125, 
Can 
Deliver. 
Terms. 
Smith Construction Co. 
8515-B Speedway 349-4127 

Bargain German Shepherd Pup­ pies, A K C Reg. P ed igre es. 
884-1178; 888-4858.______________ 
Luxury Motor Homes Rent. Low 
Rates. 658-7661, 656 7119_________ w m m tm m m tm m m m t m 
| 
AIR COMPRESSORS 
' 
NEW 
; 
• 
Tank M o u n te d w ith 
Factory G u a ra n te e . 
5 h p ...................$ B/O. 
[ 
IO H P .......................$ 1 3 8 o . J ) 
’ 
8 o H P .................... 
$ 2 4 6 5 J ( 

[ 
Other Sire] a k o Available 
, I 

* 
Call Ut tor (let. Halite, Overhead 
. I 
Crane], der M otor: 
I 
| W.M, SMITH EIEC. CO. I ; i 
318 E. Natoma 
J i 
' 
494-18o1 

Y O R K S H IR E T E R R IE R , male, 
AKC, 3V* yrs. old. 3 lbs. Adorable 
655-8983 between 
IO and 
4, 
Mon-Frl. 

7o* Mini Motor Home, air, am-fm, cruise control. 653-2513._________ 
Large Hill Country Site, mobiles 
O K. E a sy terms. 494-3419 or 
342 18o8. 
LA K E C R O F T 
R E A L 
ESTATE. 

Bassett Hounds for sale, Reg. 
Shots Call Richard 532-1312 
M in i 
M otor 
Hom e. 
F u lly equipped. 
Call: 
655-4183 for details._________________________ 
16 ft Pro Bass Runner, Live Welts, 
Troll Motor, Dilley Galv. Trailer, 
6Shp Johnson. $3613. 
'71 Motor Home. 2o ft., 31,ooo miles. $825o . 658-3978.___________ 
FORECLOSURE SALES! 
I st Sales 
GOMEZ GROCERY 
3oo1 GUADALUPE 
SAN ANTONIO, TEXAS 
APRIL 28 • THURSDAY 
1o:oo A.M. 

Hobart Band Saw, Model 5514; 
Hobart Grinder, Model 4822; 8x1o 
Walk-In; Perlitic Beer Box, 4 door; 
Scales; 
Gondolas; Slicer; Meat 
Cases,- 
Produce 
Cases; 
Cosh 
Register; Glass Displays; Eskimo 
Cooler, 4 door; Small inventory. 

INSPECT: 8:oo a.m. to Sale Time 
April 28. Thursday 

2 n d S a l e : 

BULL BROS. SALOON 
& CASINO 
HELOTES INN 
TEXAS DRIVING SCHOOL 
C& C QUIK PRINTING to be sold at 
Charlie's Truck Parts 

LOOP 41o AS. ZARZAMoRA 
SAN ANTONIO, TEXAS 
APRIL 29 - FRIDAY 
1:oo P.M. 

2 Poloroid land ID Systems, ID2, 
Cameras & Timer; Perlick 8 Keg 
Refiig.; (ash Registers; Air Con­ ditioners; Tables; Chairs; Ven- thood; Ranges; Freezers; Refries.; 
Steam 
Table,- 
Adding 
Machs.; 
Elect. Typewriter; Student Desks 
& Choirs; Water Fountain; Files; 
Itek Camera, AB. Dick Offset 
Press. Poper Cutter. 
VEHICLES, MOBILE HOMES & TRAC­ 
TOR 1971 Dodge Dart; 197o IHC 
TravelAII, 
Model 
I DOOD, 
1965 
Checker Aerobus, 12 passenger; 
197o Alexandria Mobile Home, 
12 x5o', 2 bdrm.; 1968 NuWay 
Mobile Classroom w/bath, 12'x- 
35'; 1968 IHC Tractor. 

INSPECT; FRIDAY, 1ooo to Sale 
Time 
T x G S -7 7 -o 2 7 5 
For Brochu re Contact: 

64x12 C R A F T S M A N with added 
16x18 roam on large wooded lot, off (HIO West. Two storage build­ ings fenced, covered polio 
$12,ooo. 
Owner will finance. 
344-1624. 
___________________ 

O RGANS and PIAN O S R E N T E D option to buy-no time limit 
Dacbert’s Music Plaza 
MOO NOGALITOS 
223-6151 
5235 W A LZEM RO. 
654-6661 

MOTOR HOME R E N T A L S Fully self contained. Rotes bv day or week-653-61o8___________________ 
22' MOTOR HOME, sleeps 4. $22. day, 
12c mi. 
Reservations. 
655-oo96 
_________________ 

Lake Mc Queeney 512-557 6622. 
NAVARRO PIANO CO. 
Sp e c ia l This W e e k 
N e w S p in e ls 
$ 7 9 5 
Choose from 
Traditional, 
Ifolion 
Provincial, 
French 
Provincial, and 
Spanish 
Oak. DUO-ART Player Pi­ anos. 
Knable 
Rosewood square 
Grand like new 
Spinet style Pianos like 
New from $495 
N E W V isc o u n t 
Electron ic O r g a n s 
S h o p w ith u s a n d S a v e 
L o w O v e r h e a d 
N A V A R R O 
P IA N O CO . 
17o2 N. COLORADO 
7 3 4 -6 4 6 3 

Pompanefte 2, fighting chairs, 
$1oo eo. 492-2941________________ 
R A CE SKI BOAT 
18' Stevens, W trailer, 4oo hp V- drive, 75 plus mph. Extra Clean. 
532-4151; 633-2643.______________ 

Piano, antique Rosewood, rectan­ gular K N A B E in excellent condi­ tion. Highest bidder. 494-111o or 
494-7711 Ask for Bill_____________ 

R A H M B ER G RV C E N T E R xcJustve Dealer for : Champion, ion, Lifetim e M otor Hom es, rn Motor Homes 
/1 AUSTIN HWY 
655-o251 

Karotkins Downtown Thrift 
Basement, New-used furniture 
231 E.Commerce. 287-6361 

For used mobile homes 
197$ Ranger Bass Boat, 14' cus tom traile r, fultlv eqm ooeti 
$3,66o. 699-1827.______________ 
924-4424 
PIA N O -Rem ington upright, ex­ cellent condition. $575. 436-275o. 
A p p ro x 3o,ooo ft. used CO N 
VEYO R, 12” skate wheel and 24' roller. All or part. 227-9554.______ 
All wood, 8 'x!2 ', $349. 12'x 16' 
$6oo. Delivered 655-2363________ 
3, Sleeps 8 Loaded! Like new. ow miles. $11,ooo 333-1773 
RO CK BO TTO M P R IC E S on In­ vaders and DeckBoats, Johnson and Mercury!. R A Y ’S M A R IN E , 
Canyon Lake. Hwy. 2673 near 
Startzville AND Hwy. 3o6 across from Goofy'!. 1-899-211o_________ 

School band flute, like new. With case. $14o 492-1898_______________ 
New-Used. 114oo IH 35N. 655-o471 
Clearance 12x24 heavy duty gar age, terms, free del. 732-5171 
Dam aged 12x16 Storage Bldg 
Terms, Free delivery. 924-5oo3 

A R M Y S U R P L U S 12.5 K V-A. 
G e ne rator with Jeep m otor, 
125-25o volt, 6o cycle, single phase 
$3oo.oo 1-625-1751. 
_ 

*5’, 1974 TEC travel mate. Load­ ed! Low mileage. Like new. Ford motor and chassis. S75o for equi­ ty, and a ssu m e loan. C all: 
1-629-1321 or I 425-4661 atter 3: 

Wont To Buy Motor Home. Any 
Make 
Any 
Model. 
658-7661, 
656-7119_________________________ 
11971 W in n eb ago 23 ft. Low mileage, radials. SI 1,5oo 655-522o. 
W innebago Motor Home. 1972, 
29,ooo Miles. $9,ooo 824-7634 

A M E R IC A N LOAN CO buv-sell-trade anything of value 
1624 E. Commerce______ 

Mobile home 14'X8o. 3-bedtoom, 2 baths with built in fireplace. V 'i years old. O nly p artially fur- ntshed. Coll: 337-81o9 
_______ 

Silvertone Bass $15o, 735-4369, 
341-6666 ext. 341, ask for Joe. 
Studio Piano, Brewster, excellent i ond.. $7oo 624-2648______________ 
Bulldozer HD-5B and 2 graders model D and speed patrol. All 
Alii; Chalmers. 736-1511, 698-2o9o. 

Sailboat 23' uquaris, fiberglass 
1972, 6hp m otor, by ow ner, 
226-2977 office, 512-393-2745 after 
M O B IL E H O M E - In adult park area. 3 bedrooms, 2 baths. Cen­ tral heat ond air. 9x2o building for storage. Nice lot with O a ks 
824-6477, 733-7141 

SU N N and A L T E C equipment. 
Mixers, horns, speakers, mikes, snakes, other. 344-3969__________ your lot. All paneled ana plumb­ ing, vinyl floor covering. 
2 bedroom, I bath, $1o,5oo 
3 bedroom, I both, $12,8oo 
Dodson Lumber_________624-2256 

Clark Forklift, used, 6ooo lb. pneumatic tire, new paint, good condition, *8 " forks, 12o” lift. 
$59oo 226-8271.___________ _______ 

Sailboat, Coronado 23, many ex tras. 658-7242._______________ 
E S T A B L IS H E D 19o4 
W E B U Y & S E L L 
D IA M O N D S 
P LA T IN U M 
GOLD 
S IL V E R 
A P P R A IS A L S 
M A D E 
ON 
J E W E L R Y » F O R IN S U R A N C E 
P U R PO SES AND EST A T ES 
325 A LAM O PLAZA 
226-1424 

 redeemed 
Musical 
Instruments 
Amrican Loan Co., 227-8572 
25' Sailboat E R IC S O N , motor, trailer, 4 sails. Excellent condi- fion. 595oo. 828-734o_______ i DITTMAR LUMBER ; j 5oo SEGUIN • 226-3141 

Genuine Strong Bam Corrug. Irani lengths to 2o ------- $24.95 sq j 

Corrugated Fiberglass, full 4 oz. 

8', $4.39; IO', $5.49; 12', $6.59 
, Asbestor Sidinq. . . $2)7,95 sq. 
First quality birch paneling. 

J 
W in...'.......I.. $7.95eg. 
*4x8 3/8 COX plywood $5.79 ea. 
4x8— 1/2" COX 
. plywood ............ $6.98 ea. 

Insulation 3'/z"....... 9'/»« sq. ft. 
■ Insulation 6”.......... 164 sq.ft. 
= 
THE M O N E Y S A V E R 
4 MosterCharge 
BonkAmericord 
Wheie Cash Buys at Wholesale 

125 
CU ft A ir C o m p re sso r, 
Pavement Breaker, $3ooo Borh. 
822-5132________________________ 

Portable B uild in gs M oved by 
Morgan. Bonded. 653-8)11._______ 
1x1 I 1 *2 A U T H O R IZED D E A L E R 
Sailboat, 15ft. M F G , D illy tilt trailer, extras, $58o. 344-7185. 
M O B IL E H OM E O W N ER S 
Need a little extra cash? 
WE buy Mobile Home Tires and 
Wheels. $1o. Each. Bring in or we p ic k u p 
S U N S E T M O B IL E H O M E S 
2762 S.W .M ILITARY DR. 
_______ 922-o54o________ 

D A V IS M O D E L 3oo T rencher 
$285o. International Model 3444 
Tractor Loader Backhoe in exc cond $595o 
THE TO RG ER SO N CO. 
533-5145, 739 Steve! 

Greenhouse- pest free gardening, tree del, terms. 924-5oo3.________ 
6x8...$295 
8x1o...$396 
Other sizes available 
Q U A L IT Y C O N S T R U C T IO N 
Heavy-Duty Floor Included 

PLAN TS FOR S A L E ! 
Many varieties. 
Reasonably priced. 
151 Cliffwood 
349-7797 

ANTIQ UES G A LO RE at the Con­ verse Flea Market every Sunday. 
General Store, 3o5 S. Seguin St., 
658-2892, 658-286o for space. 
1976 C H E R O K E E 18o 
C A LL F R A N K A D A M S: 459-1948 

A L L SIZ E S - A L L T Y P E S 
Braubach Equipment, 736 1659 
SOO Seguin Rd. 
226-3141 
P O R T A B L E O F F IC E B U IL D ­ 
ING, 8x16, insulated, complete refinished, with AC unit. *1,2oo G 
& G SALV A G E 224-1661__________ 
Repo. 12x32 red barn heavy duty floor, tree del, terms, 923-4346. 
Slightly damaged, reduced 12x24 
Slorg. bldg, del, terms, 684 1236. 
Used, discounted 8x12, 1ox1o stg. bldg, free del terms 924-o32o____ 

F o r alm ost an a cre ! M obile 
Homes site North. Terms to suit. 
494 3419, 342-18o8. L A K E C R O F T 
R E A L ESTATE.________________ 

For Sale; Forklift, Clark Used 
1967 4ooo1b solid rubber tires, new paint, 13o" lift, Ipg $6ooo 226-8271. 
Amplifier wan speaker cabinet has bass guitar Inputs, built In phase shifter for guitar input. 
433-4343. 
1975 C H E R O K E E 235. 
C A LL F R A N K ADAM S: 459-1948. 
Hough Frontend Loader, good condition, $5,ooo. 492-1797._______ 
74 Parkwood, 65'x12' unfurnished 
3-2, has skirting and tie downs, central air and heat. Beautiful cond Low equity. Assum e $126 per mo. 924-2827_________________ 

In compliance with Section 6o56 of the Internal Revenue Code the annual rep ort of Sp ace Age 
Aeronautics, Inc. Is open for in­ spection at 4o61 NW Expressway, 
San Antonio, Tx. during regular business hours within 18o days after the date of this publication. 
The Manager of the Foundation is 
Tillman R. Thomas, its President. 
SAN ANTO NIO 'S 
Largest Indoor 

I8hp Engine Electric Start Call 
481-3169.________________________ 
I In ternation al 24o4 T racto r 
Loader Backhoe $215o. 
TH E TO RG ER SO N CO. 
533-5145. 739 Sie v e s 
__ 

N EW ANO U SE D PIAN O S AND 
O R G A N S A T B IG S A V IN G S , ; same as low as $295. Antique : 
Knob*, a rare bargain. Chicker- j ing Grand, like new, only $2995. 
New Spinets, $788, large selection. 
Also Rent-to-Buy. 

M H M 
WORKING 
MACHINERY J W 
* m CISION 
TEST 
EQUIPMENT W 
* HHK EEH * OFFICE EQUIPMENT 
* AR COMPRESSORS. 
9 
TUES. • APRIL 19 • IO A M. 
/Ss on premises at 
* 
TRACE TOOL CO. • 
1oo5-o9 E. Loop 82o South 
£ 
Ft. Worth, Texas 
^ 

IN C L U D E S : 
W 

MUES A PROFILERS: Bridgeport ? M k 
Spindle profilar w/true Irota - 9" 
I 6o' I naif * (2) Bridgeport mill- d e mg wartime] w 42' power tobies B S 
A Gnrinneti mdl. EM2 Spindle 
_ 
I",brotel w frater - 21" I 96" B B todfe A (2) Cincinnati mdl. O M a f 
Sp md Ie - prettier] w/14" * 5 6 1 taUes A Irater] A Gorton mdl. 
Bi vertical mitt A Fat Sigma mdl. 
1 A311 milling machine 
* Cm- ctnnoti md). OT3 Spindle profiler ar/tracer - 
16" 
> 
7o table MO 
A Induna vortical milling machina HANER MILLS: liberty 
^ 
S 

 n side converted 2 Spmdle 
M B 
Mr mill w/Irve 
Trace 
_ 
o/3o tracer - 32 k 136" table M k 
A Ohio double column canvarted raw 
2 Spindle planer mill av/Roea- 
A brook 3oST Trocar 36" I 176" ^ tabla A Rockford open lid* con- 
_ vatted planer mill tar,Bridgeport mdl. I nead I Ira# trace B-36o 
Tracer • 32" < 66" toW* A Pond converted planer mill w Bridge- part mdl. J bead I I ut Irate *- 
36o-3o Iretet 
32" i 112" table ( B 
MKC. MACINNIS; lagan 14" x 34" ^ 
CC engine lathe », /nee*!] A Ga- annat) Na 2 taal I cutter grin 
R V den w accessories a OoAtl 
oBWI2 3o" vet tic al hand so * B a, butt welder 
A I more AIR 
COMPRISSoRS 
A FORK 
UH A 
A WEEDING 
* INSPECTION W 
A TOOLING 
A MISC. 
A OFFICE A 
(URN 
B EQUIP. A (2) 12 x4S‘ B f 
MOBILE HOMES. w 
FOR ILLUSTRATED BROCHURE # 
C O N T A C T g o 
RALPH ROSEN ASSOC. J 

923 Davis Bldg., Doha., Tx. 752o2 
9 
214/747*5173 
* 
UC. NO. TX. GC-77-oo52 
^ 

35’ frailer, 2-1, good condition. 
MUST S E L L ! Can see 6537 Ran­ dolph Blvd, W hispering W inds 
Troiler Pork._______________ 
Used, must go 12x32 sfg. bldg terms free, del. 653-8111_________ 
In ternation al T D I ) B Serial 
No.255*5, Late 7o model, power shift h ydraulic dozer with lilt cylinder, and RO PS CAB. Excel lent und ercarriage , complete dealer motor overhaul and new transmission. 
$22,5oo coll 
312-358-1949._____________________ 

LUMBER BARGAINS 
Latex Wall Point 
$3.5o 
2x4 Mo. 3 Select studs 
W < 
24o lb Sealdown shingles $13.95 
4x8 Vt" COX Plywood... $6.99 
4x8 % plywood 
$1o.95 
24x24 Aluminum Window $1o.3o 
ALUMINUM PATK) DOORS 
6 foot............................ $89 
“CASH A N D CAR R Y ” 
BARNES LUMBER CO. 
12o71. Durango 
533-5115 

Wanted: Equity in large mobile home and cosh for equity in 3-2-2 in Camelot ll 553-4555, 333-2123. 
W AN TED!!! 
U SED M O B IL E H O M ES 
CASH-FAST SE R V IC E 
M R M IL E S 924-4231 

Southside 
14oo Nogalitos 
Northside 
5235 Walzem Rd. 
(3 blk*. East of Windsor Moll) 
B A R G AIN ! Baldwin Spinet Piano, like new, 
*7oo 
CASH 
FIRM . 
494-2822. 
___________ 
C O M P L E T E D R U M S E T with 
Zildltan cymbals. Call before 3pm or Sundays, 333-65oo.__________ bonn trombone with case. Model 
SBH, with F attachment. $325 
534-1944 

Beautiful 

Early American or Con­ temporary Kingsize Bed­ room set. 
Includes 
Dresser, 
Mirror, 
Chest, 
Night Stand, Bed, Foun­ dation. $259. Displayed 
O nly Can Deliver. Terms. 
Smith Construction Co. 
8515-B Speedway 349-4127 

L arg e co m m ercial Sand b last cabinet, 
$2oo, best offer. 
I-42o-2o54.______________ 
_____ 

Every Saturdav-Sundoy 
North West Shopping Center 
36oo Block Fredericksburg Rd. 
Back Side of Center 
FOR INFO, or R E S E R V A T IO N S 

WE T A K E T R A D E INS, WE 
BU Y U SED M O B IL E H O M ES 
C A LL M A X ____________924-4225 
L arg e Com m ercial Sandblast cabinet, $2oo, best otter 1-42o-2o56 
14x44 2 bedroom, assume loan 
69o-o597 eves, weekends.________ 
SU N autom otive perform ance tester. Model 116o, perfect condi­ tion, with overhead rail mounting. 
Call after 5 weekdays, anytime weekends, 828-3924.___________ 

14 x8o' Custom made, Excellent cond. Al! built in appliances, 3-2, 
Low equity, assume payments. 
973-o558___________ 
____ 
U N IT E D 
F L E A 
M A R K E T 
Swap-a-Rama Swap Meet, Giant 
Steel B u ild in g s and P a rk in g 
Stolls, 2o acres of picnic area, 
Open every Sat A Sun 6am-8pm. 
3478^JJW White Rd. 

 t CO RD O RGAN 
635-8561 
TD-9 Droit Frontend loader, 4 way bucket 7o% under carriage, asking $45oo or will talk terms. 
Contact Larry Horn, Jourdanton, 
TX. 1-769-3836; t-769-3653.________ 

14x6o NEW, 2 bedroom 
I WBath turn. $95oo 
We discount tor cash! 
R E D R IV E R M O B IL E H O M ES 
2418 AU STIN HWY 
653-9751 

A C M E L U M B E R A SU P P LY 
1oo1 Austin St., 226-1437 
Universal City, 658-6331 
C R IT CH ET T PIAN O CO. 
Ne Time Limit on Rentals 
Rental Purchase Prim 
19o7 W.Woodlawn 
734-4217 
F E N D E R Baseman 5o amp. Ven­ tura boss guitar. Mike. 344-1o45 
Five piece Rogers drum set, $3oo or best offer. Good condition. Two 
3-way IOO watt speakers, $45 ea. 
435-2485, 224-o55o. _____________ 
G U IT A R , Gibson ‘The Ripper', bas, I Vt yr old. Excellent condi- tion. $25o. 653-9311.______________ 
Hammond Organ, cost $2ooo, will sell tor $15oo. 341-1584.___________ 
Hammond Organ, model B3 with 
Leslie speaker. 494-4431, 494-89*3, or 457-1o84 after 5:3o pm. 
Large Selection of Antique 
P L A Y E R PIANOS 
E D G A ID A 'S 
AUTO M ATIC M U SIC CO. 
28o4 N.Flores___________ 733-1544 
L o w ry O rgan , 2 k e yb o ard s, pedals, drums, like new. $15oo. 
694-5o43. 

ALAM O E N T E R P R IS E S 
HAS E V E R Y T H IN G 
TO B U IL D A N YTH IN G 
W ANTED: 45-55 TON O B.I. press with mechanical clutch. 
512-557-5361. 
_ 

14x8o SEQ U O IA Like new, 3 be­ droom, 2 baths, central heat, air. tie-downs, skirting, covered patio, extras. NW. $25oo. equity, assume 
$125. me. 481-oo31 
________ 
SOO bundles of v a rio u s type moulding. While it lasts, $3 per bundt*. 633-24oo, 433-o34o.________ 
Extra Firm 

Orthopedic Kingsize M at­ tress, 2 Box Springs and 
Foundation, $75. Still in 
Original Package. Queen 
Size set, $65. Full Size set, $55, Twin Size Set. 
Can Deliver. Terms. 
Smith Construction Co. 

8515-B Speedway 349-4127 

1976, 18ft. Avenger Ski-Jet boat. 
46o Ford, over transom pipes, custom trailer and cover. $4,3oo. 
654-8782 

 lf you have a gun collection you want to consign either at our Gun 
Auction In July or to sell outright, call Tom Keilman, 512-251-4236 or 
512-459-o797 
___________________ 
Over 1ooo Guns <a Choose From 
B U Y -S E L L -T R A D E 
American Loon, 227-8572 

Dtlvtow Coin Shop 
Buying and Selling 
Gold and Silver Coins, etc. 
2o6 West Ave., 735-7131 
Doctor's Investment Group is in- terested in buying coins, stamps, rolls, proofs, gold, Franklin Mints, etc. Contact Dr. Vogt, 734-2o79. 
F R A N K L IN M IN T , 2oo coin bronze Bicentennial set, com- 
P.ett, >7oo. 732-75o8. ___________ 
G E N U IN E T U R Q U O ISE: MOP, 
Coral Indian Jewelry, Wholesale 
Only Best Quality, Best Price. 
PATCO 734-4844.________________ 
Like new I Va ton Fedders air con- ditloner, used 4 mos. only. $2oo. 
Wedding dress size 12 with veil and Slip. SSO. 735-3262 or 681-3572 
M an 's 18k solid gold Watch and 
Band. Retails *2ooo; asking $1ooo. 
484-1895.__________________ 
___ 
P lA C f YOUR W A N ' AD 
IN THI EXPRESS N EW S 
C A LL 2 2 5 - 1 6 6 6 

12x5o Skyline. Completely fur nished. Son Marcos: 1-392-o2o* 
C le aran ce 7x8 sto ra ge bldg terms, free delivery 924-5oo3. 
1962 International 17oo series 2ooo eat. capacity $275o, 12 ft spray bar, exc. cond. 695-9218._________ 
Damaged 8x1o, 1ox12, port, storg. bldg, tree del, terms, 653 81 ll 
1973-18 ft Cobalt, fiberglass jet boat with 245 hp Chevrolet Cor­ vette engine with less than 2oo hours. 1974 dual wheel D illy trailer. Both in excellent condi- tion $53oo 624-2111________ 

W E L D E R . L in co ln 2oo i 
Electric start. *95o. 923-18IS. 
F R E E WOOD P A LL E T S 
Coll Scott, 227 1225 
Adult and Fam ily section, club house with swimming pool. Paved streets, underground utilities, large lots, no pets, best main- tainted park in town, on S.E. Mtli- trav Dr west of IH37, across from 
Brooks Field, Indian Hills Mobile 
Home Park. 333-883o____________ 

538 PaULTBV 88E8ITS BLES 

FO R S A L E B A B Y T U R K E Y S 
AND CHICKS. CALC448-993o. — 
‘76 18ft Glastron Bowlder. I235hp 
Evinrude shoreline frailer low hours, 658-9252 oft 2:3o______ 

"K E Y TO G R E A T E R S A L E S " 
Grover Howell Co, Auctioneers 
Houston, Tx. 
TXGC-77-o1S4 
S.A. Office: 11o31 Wye Drive 
Allen Howell (512) 656-113o 

Plywood Sale, a* ” cdx *5.79, Vj” 
56.98, 
51o.85, New Screen 
Doots, $17.5o, Solid Core Doors, 
521.5o, Used Windows and Doors. 
31o3 W. Commerce._________ 

SO acres bluff creek ranch. 5495 per acre, great hunting, we will finance 2o years at 7*»% simple interest, with 5% down payment. 
Coll for appointment. 734-9363 
5c-?g-iM kw i*uiiim 
CASE SOO and 5oo-B Backhoe 
Girard Machinery and Supply 
342o Roosevelt, 923-4353 
C ase F a rm T ra c to r with alt farm ing eg. Sold separately or together. CqII Bill 226-4351. 7a.m. to 4 p.m. 
" ■ * l O H if lV T R i 5 u m 
PLACE TOUR W AN T AD 
IN THE EXPRESS N EW S 
C A IL 3 J S -1 6 6 6 

13ft. 3in. Boston Whaler, I8hp 
Evinrude, 
Dilly galv. trlr. 
654-6o9o. lf you so* beautiful Cozy Cove Pk at 5215 Crestway, no other will satisfy, very reasonable 656-1o1o. 
L A R G E Shaded lots for rent, newly remodeled. Close to down­ town. City w ater and sew er. 
Security guard. FH A approved park/ Pool, recreation room, and shuffleboard under construction. 
U N D E R N EW M A N A G E M E N T 
G E M B L E R RD. T R A IL E R PK. 
IOU Gambler Rd. 333-1873 

Post mastBciaay Tfeerny 
Jobs! automatic pressure sleeve 

*4 acres hunting country, big deer and turkey, excellent hunting, on fence line of large ranch. $49o down payment. $75.14 per month. 
Owner financed, call for informa- tion. 734-7944_____________ 

14ft. Monork boss boat, motor, tilt trailer. $15oo, best offer. 441-6835 ofter s or weekends.________ 
L U M B E R 
L U M B E R 
L U M B E R 
We’ve got lots of It. lf you need any quantity, bring your list and bring your money. We guarantee to save you money. 
D IT T M A R L U M B E R 
5oo Seauin Rd 
224-3141 

LA C K 'S Discount Warehouse 
Used Furniture ond Appliances 
943 C O LISEU M DR. 
225-7444 
15ff, S T A R C R A F T , 5ohp Evin rude, power flit EZ load trailer... 
SI995 
T E X - A L L Boat, 222-9628 
— *------- I'HT-WlTHfBffc TOT TTI I.------- 
IS 2 2 S - 1 6 6 6 
E X P R E S S A N O N E W S 

2-piece living room, *59.95. Gas ranges, 149.95 up. Office desks, 
$99.95. 
M A G N IF IC E N T 
Steinway Grand. See Moran Ad 
Under Antiques______________ 
Organ, 2 keyboard, 13 pedal, $35o or best ofter. Moving 922-8917. 

CJ2A JE E P , very good condition, 
19oo.o6, 1-425-1751_______________ 
C H IC K E N & P O U L T R Y SW A P 
M E E T O P E N A G A IN . L a yin g 
Hens 51.5o eg. 624-2174.__________ 
IN THE E X P R E S S N E W S 
CALL 2 2 5 -1 6 6 6 
41 i Dolor Qsa^2Z7-4 512. 

o9876778 

o2871o29 

932 MICTION SALE 

ESTATE 
AUCTION 
Sun., Apr. 17,1 PM 
11o4 Clayton lane 
(Twin Towers) Austin, Terns 
VERY FINE COLLECTION OF 
A M E R IC A N A N TIQ U ES 
From the Estate of Charles 
Mutter 
PENNSYLVANIA 
DUTCH: 
2 drysinks, wardrobe, captain's desk, blanket chest, piesofes, droplet tables. 
VICTORIAN WAINUT: piesafe, poster bed, marble top chest, marble top lamp tables, rockers, 
5 ft. round orante table, grand 
S ane, wardrobe 
UCKER: couches and sidechairs, 2 rockers (I child’s), sewing chair, round table, wingback chairs. 
OAK: Halltree, dressers, buffet,, round table, stack bookcases, pedestal, wardrobe, bookcases,, secretaries desk, kitchen chairs, lamp tables, telephone Edison cylinder vktrola, hign chair 
(makes stroller). 
MISCELLANEOUS: lamps, trunks, pictures, spinning wheel, piano stool, tin toys, iron lamps, cedor chest, organ stolls, quilts, iron stoves, iron beds, bisque, tools, shop equipment, lots of 
Bric-A-Brac of all kinds and many, many items too numerous to mention. 
Tom Keilman, Auctioneer 
Tx-GC-77-ooo1, Round Rock, Tx. 
.512-251-4236, 512-459-o797 

E S T A T E A U C T I O N 

Sunday, A p ril 24, I P.M . 
1 1 o 6 C la y to n (Twin T aw ers) 
(o ff 2 9o E a n d C am a ro n Rd.) 
A U ST IN , TEXA S 
The Collection of 
C A L V IN W. (Cal) CR E A SY 
B E IN G SO LO DUE TO 
RECENT ILLNESS 
N O R ESERVES— 
E v e ryth in g Sells 

A m e rican an d E uropean a n ­ tiques g a th e re d w o rld w id e the p a st tw o d e cades include 
4 o be autifu l clocks 
(a lf in perfect w o rk in g order), o b ­ jects o f art, jew elry, furniture, porcelain, silver, bronzes, paintings, en gra vin gs, plates, steins, secretaries, oil lam ps, dolls, prim itives, se ve ra l oriental rugs, a n d m a n y other co l­ lectibles. 
W o rd s can ’t descirbe. “ S e e ­ in g is b e lie v in g !” 
M a k e p lan s n o w to attend. 

4 8 P a g e ca ta lo g containing o v e r 
2 5 o pictures and descriptions a v a ila b le at do or or by m a il from auc­ tioneer. $ 2 .o o 
Directions: 
1-35 to 
2 9 o E. 
East 3 blocks. Co ppe r-co lo r 
Tw in T o w e rs are behind Best 
Products. 

Inspection: Sat. Apr. 23 2 to 
6 p.m. Sun. I I a.m . 

TERM S: P a y m e n t sam e day. 
T O M K E H M A N - Auctioneer 
1 5 6 3 o O ld H w y. 81 
Round Rock, T e xas 7 8 7 6 4 
(5 1 2 )2 5 1 - 4 2 3 6 / 4 1 3 4 

942- 

5oo Case tractor with scraper, disk plow, mold board plow, 25 ft. horse trailer, pull type erode: SO cu. tt. concrete mixer, used lumber. 
G A G SALV A G E 
2942 E. Houston 224-6661. 
D E M O N S T R A T O R 
D IE S E L 
TRACTOR SA LE : 7o hp $65oo; 57 bp $55oo, 3o hp $35oo. DOO G EN 
EQ. CO-, 8223 S. Presa, 532-4151. 
F A R M A L L M TRA C TO R with 2 bottom drag type plow $125o. 
695-9218 
F A R M A L L H TRACTOR 
497-3625 
Ford 2 bottom moldboard plow, 
$25o. 736-4366. 
F O R D F a rm Tractor in good cond., new tires. 8125o. 621-2251. 

FORD TRACTORS 
BN and 9N with new and used im­ plements. 378o S. Flores, financ- ing available.___________________ 
F O R D T R A C T O R 8oo, G as 
Powered, shredder, backblade, good cond. Also 9N with shredder. 
494-6992. 
9 It Ole Harrow , 3 pt hookup, heavy duty. 432-262o atter 5. 
2oft. gooseneck stock trailer with tendem axles, $2ooo or best ofter. 
532-2138. 

GARDEN TRACTOR 
1962 International 4o4, 3 pf hoo­ kup, new tires, with 5 ft shredder and 6 shank cultivator. Exc. cond. 
Oil tor $215o. 695-9218.___________ 
GOOSE N ECK T R A IL E R 
8x2o’ Flatbed, tandem axels, 
$1,6oo.681-27o1 
___________ 
9' 3HP Meyers pump, like new. 
25o’ of 3* pipe and rods, cylinder 
634-2483 

!! SPECIAL!! 
Three bottom 3 pf. plow S28S. 4 row cultivator 3 pf. $825. Also 8N 
Ford 81395 648-1131 
_______ _ 
John Deere 2o1o Diesel, exc. cond. 45 hp., 5’ Caldwell shredder, 
3 pf book up. 2 bottom Moboard 
Plow. 1-583-2862 
4o1o : 4o2o JOHN D E E R E 
Diesel, 534-6711 
Johnn Deere ensilage wagon, side and rear unloading, very good condition, $15oo. Ford ensilage harvester, very good condition, 
825oo. 512-379-7685.______________ 
M A N U R E S P R E A D E R , excellent condition. 651-6121 
Minneapolis Moline Farm Trac­ tor 4o hp with 6 ft d ra g type shredder, good cond. 
$15oo. 
695-9218. 
___________________ 
2 New Holland Balers. Priced to sell 
TH E TO RG ERSO N CO. 
533-5145, 739 Sieves 

N E W 3o hp. D iesel T ractors. 
S495o. 
Haufler 
Equipment. 
927-7581. 
___________________ 
8N Ford Tractor, W-O.D., S disc, 
5’ shredder, good cond. S18oo cosh. 1-762-3711. 
9N Ford Tractor, International 
Lowboy with 5 ti mower. 433-14o7; 
684-2379. 
RO C K P IC K E R , hydraulic con- trol lift. 23o1 Nogglitos, 534-6711 
S T E E L B U IL D IN G S , Form , 
Ranch Equip. Hay and Horse 
Barns. Pipe Pens. 337-6931 days or nites. 
_________________ 

T H E T O R G E R S O N CO. 
739 Steves____________ 
533-5145 

4 * 4 — F u n e r a l D ir c c t o r s - 

'H N G E L U S F U N E R A L HOME " 
H E N R Y G U ER RA 
6o2 W.-Houlton 
- - *27*1461 

M 
O C T U A D f 

IN C 3% 
% r 

At c toououtz 
H JN O M H O M t 

Pre-Need Arrangement* 
S II Guadalupe St. 
226 -6111 

1o5— C e m e t e r ie s . 

B u r i a l L o t s 

S A C R IF IC E . 2 Choice spaces, 
Mission Park, South. 349-6875. 

T W IN 
C R Y P T S , 
R oselaw n 
Cemetery. Shown by appoint­ ment. S I 2oo. 433-6974. 

TW O S IN G L E LO T S, Sunset 
Memorial Pork. Call 656-8544. 

ISI—Deaths 

B A U G H M A N 
Mrs. Alexia F. Baughman, oge 78, of 135 Dryden Lone, died Thurs­ day, Aoril 14, 1977. Survivors: 
Daughter, Mrs. Jean B. Smith; granddaughter, M rs. M ichael 
Roy, both of Son Antonio; sisters, 
Mrs. S. S. Senglemann, Houston, 
Tx., Mrs. R. G. Carr, San Angelo, 
Tx.; sister-in-law, Mrs. Preston 
Statham , B o ssie r City, Lo.; brothers-in-law, Maurice Baugh­ man, Charles Baughman, both of 
Shreveport, La. Service Monday of 9:3o in the Colonial Chapel of the Porter Loring Mortuary, the 
Rev. Earl Willoughby officiating. 
Interment in Ft. Sam Houston 
N ational Cem etery. A r r a n ­ gements with 
Barter Loring 
11D I M cC u llo u gh 227 8221 

B R Y A N 
JE 
Mal. Hugh Chief Bryan, 
U L . USAF Retired with over thirty years service, 
. ( w 
' died Tuesday, April 12, 
1977 at the age of 79. He wos a member of Kelly Lodge No. 1131, 
AF AAM, having received his titty year service pin in 1974. S u r­ vivors: Wife, Alice; son, Roger ond wife Diane; grandsons, David and Jeffrey B ry a n ; g r a n d ­ daughter, Janell ond husband Bill 
M a h a r; great grand daughter 
Jennifer Rose Mahar. Memorial services 3 p.m. Sunday, April 17, at Palm Heights United Methodist 
Church, 211 North Pork. The 
F a m ily requests no flow ers please, if friends so desire, memorials may be made to the 
Palm Heights United Methodist 
Church, American Heart Fund or the charity of their choice. 

”T ^ f l k e / u 

515 No. Main 
226-72o1 

C E P E D A 
Mrs. Zopopa Rendon Cepeda, oge 
52, of 1811 Highland Blvd., died 
Thursday, April 14, 1977. She was a member of St. Margaret M a ry's 
Catholic Church. Survivors: Hus­ band, Lupe H. Cepeda; sons, Jo­ seph R. Cepeda, E rn e st R. 
Cepeda, Soul R. Cepeda; 2 grand child ren; sisters, M rs. 
M a ry Sam pavo, M rs. G lo ria 
Galan, Mrs. Lupe Fragoso, Mrs. 
Beatrice M artinez; brothers, 
Mauro Rendon, Rafael Rendon, 
Raul Rendon, Aleiandro Rendon; number of nieces ond nephews. 
Rosary Sunday evening at 7:3o at 
St. M argaret M a ry 's Catholic 
C hurch. M a ss M o n d a y at IO o'clock at St. Margaret M a ry 's 
Catholic Church. Interment in San 
Fernando Archdiocesan Cem e­ tery. Arrangements with 
Barter Loring [ h o i M c C u llo u g h 227 *221 

D R E S C H 
Mrs. Henry (Edna) Dresch, age 
81, of 117 Towne Vue, died Satur­ day, April 16, 1977. She was a member of Blessed Sacrament 
C atholic C hurch and R o y a l 
Neighbors. Survivors: Son, Allen 
Dresch; daughters, Mrs. Helen 
Barbera, both of Son Antonio, 
Mrs. Doris Leffingwell, Plano, Tx. 
Arrangem ents when completed will be announced by 
Barter Loring 
11o1 M cCu llo u g h 227 *221 

GONZALES 
Mrs. Feliz Ortiz Gonzales, age 66, of 232 Monticello Ct., passed away 
Thursday, April 14, 1977. Rosary will be recited 7:3o p.m. Sunday in 
M ission Park Funeral Chapel. 
Funeral Services Monday, 1o:oo a.m. in St. C e celia 's Catholic 
Church. Interment to follow in 
M issio n B u ria l P o rk. A r r a n ­ gements byID 

MISSION PABK 
FUNERAL CHAPELS 
17oo S.E. Military Dr. 

IM—Funeral Directors 

 iii—Deaths 

H E N R Y 
Mrs. Fannie Foye Henry, oge 73, of 2o3 Daniels, widow of the tote 
Guy Henry, passed away Satur­ day, April 16, 1977 in o local ho­ spital. Born In Runge, Texas Mrs. 
Henry resided in San Antonio 67 years ond was a member of the 
Baptist Faith. Survivors: Sisters, 
Mrs. Annie Tatum of San Antonio, 
Mrs. Willie Black of Somerset, 
Mrs. Addle Wallace of George 
West, Texas; brothers, Mr. T D. 
Talk of San Antonio, Mr. Gardner 
Talk of Levelland , T e x a s; numerous nieces and nephews. 
Services, 1:oo p.m. Tuesday at the Southside F u n e ro l Hom e 
Chapel with Rev. Roy Box of­ ficiating. Interm ent Ft Sam 
Houston N otional Cem etery. 
Pallbearers: Som Barker, Joe 
Winters, Buddy Oates, Jasper Lee 
Winters, Jim Bowles, Dan Block. 
Direction of fto u tftffce 
62o1 S. Flores 
922-M 39 

P H IL L IP S 
Mrs. Cherry E. Phillips, age 55, of 
Austin, Tx., died Friday, April 15, 
1977. Survivors: Son, Greg Phil­ lips; daughter, Mrs. Peggy West­ moreland, both of Austin; mother, 
Mrs. Myrtle Parnell, Okie.; sis­ ters, Mrs. Lois Swanson, Calif., 
Mrs. Rowena Curry, Ran., Mrs. 
Sara Miller, Corpus Christi, Tx., 
Mrs. Freddie Ginn, Wis.; brother, 
David Parnell, Okla. Service 
Tuesday at 12 o 'clo ck at the 
Lakeway,Church, Lakeway,near 
Austin. Tx. Interment in FL Som 
Houston Notional Cem etery. 
Those who desire m oy send memorial gifts to the American 
Cancer Society. 
Arrangements with 
Barter Loring 
I lot M c C u llo u g h 227-1221 

R O S A L E S 
M rs. M aria Rosales, oge 7o, of 
3135 Roosevelt Ave., passed away 
Thursday. April 14, 1977. Born in 
Gonzales, Texas, Mrs. Rosales resided in San Antonio IS years and was a member of San Jose 
Mission. Survivors: Husband, Mr. 
H erm aneiiido 
R o sa le s; daughters, Anna Marla Rosales, 
E sp e ra n za 
R am os, 
M a ria 
Chavarria, Tina Rosales, Anita 
Guzman, Consuelo Basaldu, Rosa 
Cardenas; sisters, Pauline G ar­ cia, Cruz Perdo. Manuelo Urrea brothers. Ray Delgado, Jose Del­ gado; 31 grandchildren, 8 great­ grandchildren. Rosary, 7:oo p.m. 
Sunday, Southside F u n e ra l 
Chapel; Mass 9:oo a.m. Monday, 
San Jose M ission with Father 
Lambert Leykam, O FM officiat­ ing. Interment San Jose Burial 
Pork. Direction of 

63o1 S. Flores 
9 2 2 -6 3 3 9 

S A N D E R S 
Mrs. Louise Sanders, age 69, of 
861o McCullough, died Saturday, 
April 16, 1977. She was a member of Trinity Baptist Church. Su r­ vivors: Husband, Tug Sanders; sons, Ross Nolan, San Antonio, 
Bill Sanders, Oroville, Calif.; sis­ ters, M rs. Esther Cooper, Los 
Vegas, Nev.; 8 grandchildren; mother, M rs. Edith Loyd, Son 
Antonio. Service M onday at I o'clock in the Georgian Chapel of the Porter Loring Mortuary, the 
Rev. Buckner Fanning officiating. 
Interment in Sunset M em orial 
Pork. Arrangements with 
Barter Loring 
1 io i M cC u llo u gh 227-8221 

Buy yourself the sporting 

 equipment you've been 

 wanting. You'll find great 

 buys in today's Want Ads. 

Coll 225-1666 

IM—Funeral Directors 

&outhoibc 
FUNERAL H O M E 
63o1 S. FLORES 

9 2 2 - 6 3 3 9 
John M. Grimes, Director 

A VERY SPECIAL 

WARMTH. 

PORTER LORING 

MORTUARY 

11o1 McCullough 

227-8221 

Dedicated 
Service 
Since 1896 

227-3136 
RiebeSaunders 
Chapels 

■1119 N. St. M a r y 's * 

Srookthill 
711 S.E.'Military 
923-7523 

( § s k 
8o56 Fredericksburg 696-7111 
Brllrrrat 
2ooo S. W W. White 337-4o82 
Palm prints 
3711 So. Zarzomoro 924-4568 

Closest to 
Fort Sam 
Cemetery 

UNSET 
F u n e ra l H o m e 
17o1 Austin Highway 

AM ERICAS FINEST FUNERAL FACILITIES 

 timrtiamo 
FUNERAL HOME 

211 Brooklyn at N. Alamo 

2 
2 
5 
— 5 
7 
3 
1 
'DL MinOuLDwullj 

Kl—Deaths 

S E E L I N G E R 
Frank E Semhnger, 4*o1 Gold field St., passed away In a local hospital Friday, April IS, 1977 at the oge of 5o years. Survivors: 
Wife, Mrs. Carolyn Semlinger; daughters, M rs. Mike “Cindle” 
Shaddock, City, M rs. G regory 
“Sandro” Myers, Converse; son, 
Bruce Sem linger, City; step­ daughter, Jeanell Lynn Yarbor­ ough; stepson, Frank Wyatt Yar­ borough, City; father, August E. 
Sem linger, 
M a rb le 
F a lls, brother. Jack C. Semlinger, City; stepbrothers, Darwin Lee Stroh m eyer, 
K irb y , 
John 
W. 
Strohmever, Houston; 3 grand children; numerous nieces 6 ne­ phews. Services will be held from the Dellerest Chapel Monday, 
April 18 at 2:6o p.m. with Rev. 
Russell Saba* officiating. The in­ terment wilt follow In Mission Bu­ rial Pork. Arrangements with 

S r i l r r t * ! 
2ooo So W W. W hit. Rd. 337-4o82 

T H O M S O N 
Mrs. Laura Grice Thomson, age 
92, of 242o McCullough Ave , died 
Saturday, April 16, 1977. She wos a member of Christ Episcopal 
Church. Su rvivo rs: Daughter, 
M rs. L a u ra M a v e ric k R u ss; grandchildren. John M averick 
Gaines, M rs. Laura M averick 
Meadows, M rs. La u ra Louise 
Griswold, Mrs. Jill Clay; ail of 
San Antonio; 8 great grandchil­ dren; I great great grandchild. 
Those who desire, m ay send memorial gifts to the charity of their choice. Arrangements will be made for a privote memorial service. Arrangements wilh 
Barter Loring 
1 io i M c C u llo u g h 227 *221 

T IM M IN S 
Dr. Oliver Hazard Timmins, Jr., age 61, of 631 C iruela, died 
Friday, April IS, 1977. He was a member of First Presbyterian 
Church; Phi Gamma Delta Fro- lernity; Alpha Kappa Kappa, 
Masonic Lodge; Bexar County 
Medical Society; Texas Medical 
Association; American Medical 
Association; Am erican Occupa­ tional M edico! A sso cia tio n ; 
Southern Medical Association and former Chief of Staff of Baptist 
Memorial Hospital. Survivors: 
Wife, Mrs. Joan Timmins; sons. 
Oliver H. Timm ins, III, James 
Roper Timmins; daughter, M iss 
Joan Elizabeth Tim m ins; step­ mother, Mrs. O. H. Timmins, Sr., all of San Antonio. Service Mon­ day of 3 o'clock at First Presby­ terian Church, the Rev. Louis 
Zbinden officiating. Those who desire, moy send memorial gifts to Nursing Scholarship Fund of 
The Bexar County Medical Socie­ ty Auxiliary. Interment in Mission 
Burial Park. Arrangements with 
Barter Loring 
1 ioi M cC u llo u gh 227 *221 
Area deaths 

ALCIDE, Frank. 
79, 
Runge. Requiem Mass at ll) a.m. Monday in St. 
Anthony 
Catholic 
Church, Runge. 
HANSEN, 
W illiam 
“ Bill,” 
68, Fredericks­ burg. Services at 2 p.m. 
Sunday at Chapel of 
Schaepter 
Fu neral 
Home, Fredericksburg. 
Y EAGER, 
Owen 
Ewart, 
64, Floresville. 
Services at 2 p.m. Mon­ day, V inyard F un eral 
Home, Floresville. 

San Antonio E X P R E SS-N E W S— Sunday April 17, 1 9 7 7 
27-C 

S a lu te to K in g A n to n io L Y 

A FAN FARE by the U.S. Army Herald Trumpets from 
W ashington, D.C., greeted King Antonio IV, Timothy 
D. W ord, during Saturday night’s investiture cere­ monies at the Alamo. A s the new King was escorted to 

 his throne in a golden carriage, a 2 I -gun salute was sounded, as the estimated crowd of 
1 ,ooo spectators witnessed the first major Fiesta event of 
1977. 
Carter’s energy medicine to be difficult to swallow 

WASHINGTON (A P) 
— B arring last-m inute reversals or cold feet, 
President C arter is ex­ pected to offer the nation som e b itte r energy m edicine W ednesday, largely as proposed taxes and price hikes on natur­ al gas, petroleum and automobiles. 
Carter is known to have seriously considered a 
“ standby” gasoline tax ranging up to 5o cents a gallon; a tax starting at 
$412 on gas-guzzling cars, offset by a rebate on fuel-efficient cars; steep price increases on n atu ral gas and oil in general and tax credits for residential insulation, solar energy and indus­ trial fuel-saving. 
W hether th ese exact proposals will turn up in 

Carter’s energy message to Congress was still be­ ing considered by the 
President and his tight- knit White House team over the weekend. 
But public statements by Carter and energy ad­ viser J a m e s R. Schle- singcr, information from administration and con­ gressional sources, and a recent policy draft ob­ tained by news media all point to these m ajor decisions: 
• Emphasis on con­ serving energy and switching from oil or gas to coal as the fuel of in­ d u strie s and power plants, rather than some frantic effort to increase oil and gas production. 
• -Speeding construc­ tion of conventional nu­ clear power plants, while 

 holding back advanced sy stem s using p luto ­ nium, a material that can be used for atom ic bombs. 
• 
Encouragement of solar energy, w here practical, through in­ vestment tax credits. 
• Major reliance on taxes, price in creases and tax cred its ra th e r than a massive system of mandatory rules, to steer the nation toward energy conservation and fuel- sw itching by pocketbook-pressure in­ stead of regulatory force. 
• Adoption of some m andatory m e a su re s ta rg e ted at specific areas, such as building insulation, appliance ef­ ficiency, and gas-fired boilers. 
• And continued sup­ 

 port of present clean-air goals, while telling in­ d u strie s and power plants more clearly how and where they can burn coal under these envir­ onmental rules. 
Carter has said his en­ ergy proposals will cost him some of his popular­ ity and the advance reaction in Congress has been ominous. 
But Carter sees no al­ tern ativ e to b itter m edicine, w hether it takes the form of high energy prices or manda­ tory limits on fuel con­ sumption. 
Chat 
He has scheduled a 
“ fireside chat” Monday evening. Carter said he would tell his fellow 
Americans their energy cupboard is emptier than 

 they thought, apparently based on new estimates by the U.S. Central Intel­ ligence Agency not yet made public. 
Having h am m ered hom e the problem , 
C arter will re tu rn two days later to spell out the unpleasant solutions, in an address to a joint ses­ sion of Congress. 
69 pages 
An April 9 d ra ft of 
White 
House policy proposals filled 69 pages. 
Administration sources warned that some propo­ sals may be deleted or changed by the tim e 
C arter delivers his e n ­ ergy message. 
But whatever Carter’s official proposals turn out to be, they are likely to be very close to those included in this draft. 
Book says Nixon was schizoid, sought failure 

NEW YORK TIMES SERVICE 
NEW YORK - The insights of psy­ choanalysis and the hard facts of his­ tory have resulted in a relatively new approach to biography called psycho­ history. 
Because delving into the mind to offer explanations about motives and actions is not an exact discipline, psychohistory is a controversial sub­ ject, an art as much as a science. 
Sigmund Freud analyzed Leonardo da Vinci; Erik Erikson wrote pioneer­ ing psychobiographies in “ Young Man 
Luther” and “ Gandhi’s Truth,” and 
Walter Langer analyzed behavior in 
“ The Mind of Adolf Hitler,” all ac­ cepted as classic works. 
Now comes another book, “ Nixon vs. 
Nixon: An Emotional Tragedy,” that is 

 rNixon’s behavior could be described as a character disturbance and one o f no small order. It lasted since early child­ hood and reflected an unusual range o f acting-out activities. . . ’ 

 causing m uch com m ent about its methods, its subject and its author. 
The author is Dr. David Abraham- sen, an internationally respected psy­ choanalyst and authority on criminal behavior, who is a Fellow of the 
American Psychiatric Association and of the New York Academy of Medicine. 
Convicted murderer of 25 seeks retrial 

SAN 
FRANCISCO 
(A P ) 
- 
P sy c h ia trists say convicted m ass m urderer Juan Corona should have been subjected to more extensive psy­ chiatric tests before standing trial in the m achete killing of 25 m ig ra n t workers. 
Corona’s former attorney, however, says he believes newly rev ealed elements of Corona’s personality — including adm itted sexual relations with sheep, a homosexual experience and an obsession with death — would prejudice a jury if a new trial is or­ dered. 
Cashing in 
Corona, imprisoned in 1971 after the lush farmland of Northern California yielded the hacked and decomposed bodies of the migrant workers, claims trial attorney Richard Hawk was more interested in cashing in on the case’s notoriety than he was in presenting an adequate defense. 
Hawk, who sold a book on the case, was criticized by some legal observers for not using a defense of mental in­ competency. Hawk told a threeday hearing last week that he still believes 
Corona is innocent and that a jury would never have accepted Corona's innocence if they knew of his bizarre behavior. 
Corona is seeking a new trial on the grounds that Hawk did not represent him properly. 
Corona, a supplier of farmhands for growers in the Feather and Yuba River valleys, was convicted on 25 first-de­ gree murder counts after a 1973 jury trial. 
The victim s — found in shallow graves in peach orchards near Yuba 
City about IOO miles north of here in 

May of 1971 — were transient workers, all between the ages of 4o and 63. 
The new information about Corona was gleaned from tape recorded con­ versations between Hawk and psy­ chologist Dr. Evelyn Hooker and tran­ scripts of Dr. Hooker’s talks with Co­ rona. Hawk was unsuccessful in keep­ ing the documents and tapes out of the recent hearings in Salinas, Calif. 
Dr. Hooker said Corona told her of the incidents of sodomy and bestiality. 
She said perception tests revealed an obsession with death. 
The hearings were ordered by a three-judge state appeals court and were presided over by retired Superior 
Court Judge Louis Demattei. 
Man crushed by bus dies 

A San Antonio man died Saturday night after being run over by a city bus downtown. 
Police identified the victim as Henry 
S. Hicks, 47, of 743 McDougal Ave. 
The victim had just gotten off the bus at E. Houston and St. M ary’s streets after being told no change could be made for his $1 hill, police said. 
Kicks apparently lost his balance, and toppled unnoticed beneath the bus, police said. His chest was crushed by the rear wheels of the vehicle, officers said. 
Hicks was pronounced dead at Santa 
Rosa Hospital at 7:3o p.m. Officers identified the driver of the bus as 
Henry Rangel, 36. 

The New York psychoanalyst has written a number of hooks, including 
“ Our Violent Society: and “ The Mur­ dering Mind.” This new book has been published by Farrar, Straus & Giroux 
Orthodox analysis 
In an interview about “ Nixon vs. 
Nixon,” Abrahamsen explained that he applied orthodox Freudian analysis methods to his “ patient” though he never literally put him on the couch. 
According to Abrahamsen, an aide at 
San Clemente had informed him that 
“ You would be high on the list to in­ terview President Nixon,” but no ses­ sion was ever granted. 
Asked if professional ethics were an inhibiting factor in proceeding with an analytical study without actually talk­ ing to Nixon, Abrahamsen said: 
“ Yes, it was one of the things that held me back for a time because I did not have enough information about Mr. 
Nixon’s early childhood. But later I obtained the needed data from m em b ers of his family. I also had available the daydreams and fantasies in his own hook, “ Six Crises,” which revealed the man in his own words.” 
Second-hand material 
“ Even when the subject is not avai­ lable for examination, analysis of the inner man is possible,” Abrahamsen explained. “ In fact, second-hand m a­ terial can sometimes reveal more than patients themselves. I spoke to many of his associates. In addition, there were also his revealing conversations recorded on the White House tapes.” 
Abrahamsen said his work was not a conventional biography, but a study of the emotional development of a man. who became president, then left that office as a result of actions that caused both a personal and national tragedy. 
A brah am sen believes that the former president suffered from a ser­ ious ailment that he calls “ a character disorder.” Nixon had “ a great neurotic disturbance” and became “ a self-ab­ sorbed paranoid,” according lo the psychoanalyst. 
He contends that 
Nixon was incapable of rationally dis­ charging his responsibilities and that his White House decisions were based on his own disturbed personality needs rather than facts. 

Why did not the President destroy 

 the incriminating tapes? In his last days in office, Abrahamsen says, Nix­ on “unconsciously sought failure.’’ 
To construct his portrait, Abraham­ sen said, he spent many hours talking to Nixon’s closest associates, school­ mates, and family members other than 
Mrs. Nixon and their daughters. These included the novelist Jessamyn West and her brother. Merle West, second cousins, who offered information about the troubled Milhous family and about 
Nixon’s problems as a youth. 

As part of his study, Abrahamsen also obtained sensitive information from N ixon’s aunt. Rose O liver 
Marshburn, sister of his mother, Han­ nah, and her husband, Oscar Marsh­ burn. From them and from others, who would talk only anonymously, 
Abrahamsen concludes: 

“ Richard Nixon’s m other m eant more to him emotionally than anyone else, except himself. But as he was frustrated in his relationship with his mother, his great love objects became his narcissistic self and his ambition. 
In politics, he gratified both. Politics provided the outlet for his infantile oral and anal drives — talking and controlling.” 

Abrahamsen says that Nixon con­ veyed a double image that amounted to a subpersonality. He was friendly yet abrupt, self-absorbed yet argum enta­ tive — a man of two minds. 

“These two Nixon postures are often found in introverted, schizoid and se­ cretive p e o p le ,” A brah am sen ob­ serves. “ Nixon’s behavior could he described as a character disturbance, and one of no small order. It lasted since early childhood and reflected an unusual range of acting-out activities. 
Collectively, his was not normal beha­ vior.” 

“ The case of Richard Nixon has a parallel in Nazi Germany,” Abraham­ sen declared. “ It was the good fortune of the United States that there was no fundamental ideology or convictions behind his acts. Otherwise, Nixon could have been worse than Hitler." 

Swiss jobless 
Ie SS than I % 

BERN, Switzerland (AP) — Swit­ zerland’s unemployment rate dropped further in March to o.5 per cent of the total work force, the federal Office for 
Ind ustry , T ra d e and Labor said 
Friday. 
At the end of March, 14.o68 persons were unemployed, com pared with 
17,538 a month earlier, the office said. 

San A ntonio E X P R E S S -N E W S — Sunday A p ril I 7, I 9 7 7 

OF SAN ANTONIO 

NEW-USED-FLOOR SAMPLES-REPO’S 

LFD BUDGET OF SAN ANTO N IO IS HAVING A THREE-DAY SALE STARTING SUNDAY. EVERY 
ITEM IN THE STORE WILL BE REDUCED FOR THIS 28— HOUR SALE . . . LARGE SELECTION 
OF N EW FURNITURE, A P P LIA N C ES A N D FLO O R CO V ER IN G . SOM E M ERCHANDISE 
SLIGHTLY DAMAGED, M AN Y ONE OF A KIND AND USED FURNITURE — COME EARLY FOR 
BEST SELECTION . . . DUE TO THESE FANTASTIC SAVINGS WE SUGGEST YOU BRING YOUR 
CAR, PICKUP OR TRAILER . . . DELIVERY IS OPTIONAL . . . SEE YOU THERE FOR THIS BIG 
EVENT 
SALE STARTS 
SUNDAY 
Ioamio8pm 
MONDAY 
TUESDAY 

 l f AM IO 8 p m 

I I AM TO 8 p M 

FAMOUS. . . NAME BRANDS TH 
BASSETT - BROYHILL - SEALY - SIMMONS - MA 
INTERNATIONAL -T A P P A N - GENER AL ELfCTRI 
D TRUST 
ERNHARDT — 
HERS! 

NEW SLIGHTLY DAMAGED 

APT. SIZE GAS RANGE....... 

.EYE LEVEL GAS RAN 

3o” GAS RANGE 

NEW 
WHITE 36” GAS RA 
WITH GRIDDLE 
! 

5 
. ' r n 3 

SLIGHTLY DAMAGE 
3 
IVIN 
AN 
A S M I! 
CHI 

ECLINERS 

REDUCED 

O W itV W ............... D D iosp|«ej»v,>y,m 
BICYCLE..............*4 5 ’ 
6 

 i 

ION 
PICTURE! 
To 

OO 
EACH 

SLIGHTLY DAMAGED 
CONSOLES STEREOS 

FROM* m NR 
$5 o 
AND 
UP 

$ 

FROM2oOO AND 
UP 

LARGE SELECTION OF 
NO WAX CUSHION 
FLOOR 14 FT. WIDE 
$ *5 o r n so. YD. 

LIVING ROOM TABLES AMORE! 

'ODD LAMP T A B LES 
.f S ^ , 

ODD COCKTAIL TABLES 
T 
“ D 

'SET OF 3 SPANISH PROVINCIAL $22 °° 

SET OF 3 EARLY AMERICAN 
$4 8 °° 

1SET OF 3 FRENCH STYLING 
$6 6 oo 

EET OF 3 CONTEMPORARY MODERN$8 8 o( 

EASY SAS / 
CREDIT TERMS 

 m 
INFANT GOODS V K f 
PLAY PENS ..*15“ f 
V * HIGH CHAIRS *2o aupd U \ r 
WALKERS .... *5 “ aurd A 
( 
BASSEHETTS ....... *5 “ 

IC 
OCCASIONAL 
CHAIRS 
A f 

 f 
* Z oo 
'X 
V 
I rn 
EACH 
J 

Y. VENT A HOODS 
A 1 
( $IAoo 
J i 
>L 
I 
EACH 
Jk 

 r 
5 P I E C E 
A > 
* DINETTE J I 
( $25°° j i 

T A P P A N MICROWAVE 

OVEN 

WITH BROWNER 
*335 
WHIRLPOOL REFRIGERATOR 

SINGLE DOOR 
* 198 
USED GENERAL ELECTRIC 
AUTOMATIC WASHMt *125 

2o55 W. MALONE 

P U 
N 
T Y o r 
FREE 
PARRINO 

Search for TOP TEENS is underway 

Join the 1977 search for the 
E xpress-N ew s 
O u tstan d in g 
Teens. 
This is not a popularity contest but recognition for the boy and girl who possess that special abi­ lity to achieve, to understand, to help others and to participate in character-building activities. 
The award should go to teens who possess good judgement, friendliness, scholastic ability, and an inner glow which makes it a pleasure to be around them. 
If you know of a special teenager w ho has shared contributions by thoughts or deeds thoughout the com m unity, spread the word. 
Any student attending ninth through 
12th grades in any Bexar County High 
School can be a candidate. 
Think about the jeans crowd in your neighborhood or in your home. Hidden among the school books, band instru­ ments, ROTC medals, batons, poetry, hub caps and bikes are the two Top 

Teens of Bexar County. This is your chance to give them a pat on the back. 
Best friend, mother, cousin, next- door-neighbor, boy friend, teacher, boss or dear old dad are all eligible to submit a nomination. All letters must be from 
Bexar County residents. 

Eligible 

Each year since 1958, the Express- 
News has sponsored the selection of 
Bexar County’s top boy and girl. 
Last y e a r ’s w inners w ere Mary 
Martha Marmon, Holmes High School, and Clint Montgomery, Churchill High 
School. 
L etters of nom ination m ust be brought to or mailed in time to reach the Women’s Department, third floor of the E xpress-N ew s B uilding, Third 
Street and Avenue E, by 5 p.m. Tues­ day, May 3. 

A ddress letters to O u tstan din g 
Teenager, San Antonio Express-News, 
P. o. Box 2171, San Antonio, Tex., 78297. 
The teenager’s name, parents’ or g u a rd ia n s’ nam es and a telephone number where a member of the family may be reached during the day should be included. 
A panel of judges will select the 
Outstanding Teenagers. The number of letters does not influence the judges’ decision. 
The top boy and girl w ill each receive a $5o savings bond and a plaque. Those who write letters nominating a winner will receive $25 savings bonds. 

Let’s hear it for those teens who are already accepting the responsibility for the future and are making the com­ munity happily aware of teen-power. 
Good things are happening because of our teens’ concern for others. 

 rn 

EXPRESS-NEW* 
Scene 

MILDRED WHITEAKER. 

Women’s Editor 

Sunday April 17 1977 
Page 
I -E 

 all the interior woodwork, including oak paneling and French parquet floors. 
The floors were made in France and shipped to the United States in blocks that were set in place by local c a r­ penters. The paneling throughout the lower floor is quarter cut oak imported from England. It can be distinguished by the pigtail design in the wood. 
Wall covering in the entrance and sitting room is em bossed, fibrous leather, which was made in Italy. The staircase was imported from England. 
The ceiling of the parlor was des­ troyed by rem od eling in the m id ­ twenties along w ith most of the original gold leaf on the woodwork. It has been restored. 
The numerous closets in this home 
-were an innovation for this part' of the country at the time the home was built. It is believed that Alfred Giles, architect of many of the King William homes, was one of the first to use concealed, built-in closets. 
Swedish 

The Goldstein home was initially a one-story limestone dwelling built about 
1882 for Louis Bergstrom, whose par­ ents came here from Sweden. Berg­ strom descendants lived in the home until it w as purchased by the Goldsteins in 1975. 
A second story of brick was added in 
19oo. 
The Goldsteins have created a fresh 
Victorian facade with gingerbread trim and breeze-cooled galleries. 
As the renovation progressed, the new owners were so impressed with the limestone walls they discovered under layers of wallpaper and plaster, they left the rock exposed in the dining room and kitchen for decorative impact. 
The kitchen retains its Victorian fla­ vor with open cabinets, old-fashioned gas range and antique institutional ice box, converted to refrigerator. 
Rooms are heated with old wood stoves converted to gas and the home is cooled with ceiling fans. 

Furniture in the master bedrooom is of Texas origin with the exception of a wardrobe made recently in Mexico. 
The coal-burning stove is from Eng­ land. 
Going from this bedroom through a short hall to a second back bedroom, one should note an unusual feature, the earthquake bolt. 
From the star-shaped iron medallion on the right-hand wall, a rod goes through the walls to the termination point, another such medallion on the upper front porch. This was considered useful in holding the house together in case of earthquakes. 
Character 

Restoration of the Friedrich home was undertaken with major emphasis being placed on m a in ta in in g the original character of the house. 
Charles Hummel, a sporting goods shop owner in downtow n San Antonio, began construction on this home in 
1883. It was completed the next year. 
Floors of the home are original and have been sanded and stained walnut which closely resembles the “ berry stain” used in earlier times. 
This home reflects the wide variety of interests of its owners. The Oriental rugs were purchased by Tom Friedrich on his travels throughout Arabia and 
Africa. 
The antique furniture was acquired by Mrs. Friedrich in Savannah where the couple resided prior to their move to San Antonio. 
Most impressive room in the home is the library which the Friedrichs refer to as the “ African Room,” since much of the decor comes from that continent. 
Of particular interest is a natural wool rug from Morocco in while, brown and black. There is no dye in this rug. 
Another rug is from Tripoli and a zebra skin rug was presented to them by an officer of the Ugandan Air Force. 
An antelope trophy of the “ Uganda 

COSTUMED for the King W illia m Fair, 
C atherine B rew er stands in th e y a rd of the R .M . Batterson Jr. carriage house 
PHOTO B r PAT HAMILTON 

LINT STERLING 
FLATWARE SALE 
Save 25%on open stock, all current patterns. 
Save 3o%on 4-piece place settings. Use our Silver Club Plan. 
Gift Shop, Downtown and 
North Star Mall. 

FROST BROS. 

Don your old straw hat, unfurl your parasol and stroll into the 
19th Century. It’s tim e for the 
King William Fair! 

Saturday, the shady tree-lined streets of the King William District will be filled with strolling m usicians and booths of old-fashioned food. 
The Fair, which is in its loth edition, has become one of the trad itio n a l finales to Fiesta. 
An art exhibit, musical e n te rta in ­ ment and a variety of food booths will surround the gazebo in King William 
Park. 
A walk down King William or Madis­ on streets will reveal 19th Century crafts in progress. And the wandering m in strels, play ers and m agician 
Claude Crowe will travel up and dow n 
King William Street perform ing on doorsteps and galleries, wherever the audiences gather. 
Highlight of the Fair will be a tour of four 19th Century residences restored or in the process of restoration. 
Tour 
On display will he the homes of Mr. and Mrs. Gerald Goldstein, 2(18 King 
William; Gen. and Mrs. W.C. McGloth- lin -lr., 2316 King William; Mr. and Mrs. 
Tom Friedrich, 31)9 King William; and 
Mr. and Mrs. Robert M. Batterson Jr., 
219 E. Guenther St. 
The Batterson home, in the throes of restoration, was built in 1884 for Adolph 

 p B y— ----------------------------- — 

MARY ANN BENGTSON 

ASSISTANT W OMEN S EDITOR 

 and Amanda Wagner. Amanda’s father was Carl Guenther, founder of Pioneer 
Flour Mills, and her husband was treasurer of the mill. 
The W agners initials, A.W., are 
.entwined in the medallion above the portico. 
Originally regional Victorian in style, with gingerbread trim and porch of wood, the house was restyled by the 
Wagners about 19o2-o3 in a blend of 
Greek Revival and Regency architec­ ture. 
The Wagners, who had no children, bequeathed the house to the mill and during the 195os it was converted to offices. 
The Battersons have restored the home’s carriage house and will reside there until completion of the restoration project. 
This home will display the step by step stages of restoration. 
The McGlothlin home was built in 
19o1 for M.L. Oppenheimer, a well­ known vSan Antonio banker. 
With its Romanesque arches. Gothic turrets and Victorian stained glass w indows, this turn-of-the-eentury house offers a smorgasbord of architecture. 
Raford Dobie, one of the pioneers of the King W illiam restoration, p u r­ chased the home in 1963. He renovated 

CHRIS GOLDSTEIN, lo w e r right, w elcom es a frien d ly g a th e r­ ing to her King W illia m porch p h o t o b v s t e v e c a m p b e l l 

San Antonio EXPRESS-NEW S— Sunday April 17 1977 

Flowers and fashion are Fiesta traditions 

A N N w ill m odel V ictor C osta’s posh peasant costum e at Fiesta Flow er and Fashion Show Tuesday 

FASHIONS FROM JOSUE S, PHOTO BY RON JO N ES 

Pioneers promenade at 59th patriotic ball 

< King Antonio LV, Tim D. 
* Word, immediately after his 
;..investiture at the Alamo, made phis first official visit to the 59th 
' Patriotic and Historical Ball in 
; Villita Assembly Building. 
V Mrs. Farrell Moore, honorary lady 
Chairman, received a bouquet of pink rj-oses from the King. She presented 
J iiii with the traditional scroll of greetings at the Texas Pioneers’ Ha­ jj' *tridtic Ball. r t Escorted by her husband, Mrs. 
JJ "Moore was wearing a sleeveless 
‘''white silk chiffon gown with match­ i n g cape. The V-neekline of the gown 
' .was outlined with pearls. It was de­ signed with a full skirt. 
U Escorting King Antonio were 
* •Wilbur Littleton Jr.. commander of 
‘ Jilt* Texas Cavaliers, his aides, Joe M. 
Dawson and Lyman Webb, and his 
* Jionor guard. 

 t 

Colors 

> Mrs. Harold Greenlee, chairman of 
- Jhe ball and a former honorary lady chairman, called for the advance­ ment of the Colors by the Marine 
■’ Corps under the direction of Ll. Col. 
"Richard Oates. 
The military queens were intro­ duced and walked to the stage ben­ eath an arch of steel formed by the 
*• Sabre Guard of Honor from McCol* 
' lum High School. Lt. Col. Sam Jerni- 
Jgan directed the guard. 
. 
The queens are Miss Elizabeth Cis- 
‘ heros, Miss Ft. Sam Houston; Ll. 
Kathy Franklin, Miss Army Medical 
* Department; Airman l.C. Jean Col- 
- tinsworth, Miss Randolph AFB: Lt. 

Janice McKibben, Miss Lackland 
AFB; Miss Elizabeth Ruiz, Miss Kelly 
AFB. 
Also, Airman TC. Amber Luvenia 
Smith, Miss Brooks AFB; Miss Ren­ ata Margaret Gennero, Miss Navy 
Recruiting; Miss Yvonne Garcia, 
Miss Naval Reserve; and Miss Blanca 
Ramirez, Miss Texas Army National 
Guard. 

Generals 

The queens carried t recolor carna­ tions and were honored along with their commanding generals. Erwin 
Marshall, president of the Texas 
Pioneers, led the Grand March with 
Mrs. Moore followed by their spouses. 
Also in the Grand March were the military officers and their ladies, military queens, their escorts, former honorary lady chairmen and escorts, directors and trustees of the associa­ tion and guests. 
Marschall directed the Pioneer 
Theme folk-dance, the Lancers. Ad­ ditional entertainment included 
Trumpets from the USAP Band in 
Washington, D. C., Concert Band and 
Moods in Blue Singers from the USAP 
Academy, Colo.; and dancing to the music of the Toe-Tappers Orchestra directed by Mrs. Sophie Rothlis- berger. 

Past honory lady chairmen attend­ ing included Mines. 
Buck West, 
James Maverick, R. E. Bowen, Luz C. 
Robalin, Harold Greenlee, Elliot J. 
Bilhartz, Estella Uhr Hamilton, Elton 
Cude, Erwin Marschall, Fannie 
Shannon, Paul Rochs, James Light, 
Orval Scott, Travis Harrell and Miss 
Roberta Presents. 

The Women’s Club of San Antonio will again play an active part in Fiesta, as it has since 1913. 
“ Memories in 
Me­ lodies” is the theme of the 64th annual Fiesta 
Flower Show to be staged in McAllister Auditor­ ium, San Antonio Col­ lege, from 1:3o to 4:3o p.m. Tuesday. 
The event is now known as the Fiesta 
Flower and 
Fashion 
Show. Joske’s tradition­ ally provides the fa­ shions. 
The theme will be de­ veloped in floral exhibits by the eight departments and 18 Round Tables of the club. Awards will be given both for horticul­ ture and artistic ar­ rangements. 
Acting as overall co­ chairmen are Mrs. Fred 
Nierman and her daughter, 
Mrs. 
Tom 
Benson. Mrs. Ed Auge is in charge of flower show exhibits, and Mrs. Mary 
Tom Weyman is fashion show chairman. 
Mayor Lila Cockrell will assist in ribbon cut­ ting as doors open to the public at 1:3o p.m. Mrs. 
Julian Tallichet, presi­ dent, will welcome guests. 

Queen 

The fashion show will come next followed by the presentation of Military 
Queens. 
King Antonio LV will arrive at 3 p.m. heralded by the Bugle and Sabre 
Team of Texas Military 
Insitutute. 
The King will crown 
Miss Leah Bowren as 
Queen of the Woman's 
Club Coronation. Prin ­ cess Mary Kathleen Tay­ lor will receive her crown from Julie Steves, 1976 
Queen of the Order of the 
Alamo. 
Duchesses will be Miss 
Kathy Klendshoj and 
Miss Pat Hinote. 
Woman’s Club Fiesta festivities will open with a tea in the club home at 3 p.m. Sunday honoring the 
Royal Household. Mrs. 
Donald Wheeler and Mrs. 
George Anders are in charge. 
Mrs. Robert Bein is chairman for the club’s float in the King’s River 
Parade. 

READ Y for the 
King's Ball are Mr. and Mrs. Fred Tips and Mr. and Mrs. 
W ilbur Littleton. 
Littleton is com-, mander of the 
Texas 
Cavaliers and Tips is actu* vities officer. 

PHOTO BY JO SE BARRERA' 

Cavaliers stage ball 

King Antonio LV, Tim 
D. Word, presided over the King’s Ball given by the Texas Cavaliers Sa­ turday night in the St. 
Anthony Hotel. Some 3oo members and their wives attended this formal 
Mexican Fiesta. 
The festivities followed the investiture of the king at the Alamo. Mrs. Word was also an honor guest. 
Members of the Cavaliers and their ladies were fet­ ed with a reception in the 
Peraux Room. 
A seated dinner fol­ lowed in the Anacacho 
Room. At the head table- with King Antonio were his aides, Lyman Webb and Joe Dawson, and the 
Cavaliers commander, 
Wilbur Littleton Jr., and their wives. 
Two large formal trees of different fruits in terra cotta jardinieres cen­ 

 tered the hors d’oeuvres tables. The Peraux Room had great clusters of magnolias and tissue poppies in brilliant colors attached to the gold sconces aiong with greenery and colored streamers. 
The King’s table in the 
Anacacho Room was on a raised platform and was covered with a white cloth. Long, low center­ pieces of red carnations and gladiolas centered the table. At either end were black wrought-iron candelabras with red candles. 
Behind the table was a live banyan tree. Indivi­ dual tables were decorat­ ed with greenery, candles and streamers. Colorful baskets of flowers and ribbons hung from the ceiling at various heights. 

 we believe in the gypsy look, and to prove it, w e’re giving away simplicity pattern 
#7842 with your purchase of fabrics for your own gypsy look, don’t delay, this offer good through april 22. downtown and north star mall. 
FROST’S FASHION FABRICS 

SHOW 

MONDAY DOWNTOWN SEE HIS SPRING AND SUMMER COLLECTION 
WITH A PREVIEW OF FALL SHOES Cli Waite, Director of David Evins Shoes, will be here to meet you as you sip champagne and enjoy the elegant new looks for now and the seasons ahead. Shoe Salon, Downtown only. 
DAVID EVINS 

* 
M ONDAY 
* » IO a rn. IN N O V A T IO N 
S T U D Y C L U B , in the tiome of M rs. R. L. Bru- 
* Gentian. Mrs. A. C. Ander- 
< son will present “ Opera.'' 
7:45 p.m . 
ST A R L I T E 
G R O V E NO. 6389, WOW, in the C ro ck ett H otel. Ri- 
!* tualistic meeting is planned. 
T U ES D A Y 
A 9:3o a.m. RN C LU B OF f^T. SAM HOUSTON, will 
•tneet in the Officers Club 
J parking lot to car pool for a tour of the 
C h ild re n 's 
* Shelter. 
IO a.m . L A D IE S A U X ­ 
IL IA R Y OF ST. P E T E R S • 
S T . 
J O S E P H ’S 
C H I L- 
* O R E N S H O M E , in the 
'« dining room. May I M em ­ bership Tea and tour of the 
,*tio m e w ill be planned. 
C 'Anyone interested in the 
■* home is invited. 
V * 11:3o a.m . 
P H IL IA 
> .C LU B , in the Oak Hills 
•*-Country Club. Mrs. H. M. 

*T, Turner will be hostess. 
2:3o p.m . 
S E R V IC E 
C L U B , 
S ta rlite G ro v e , i 
WOW, in the home of Mrs. 
» 
Crystal I. Gamei. 
4 p.m . E N T R E N O U S 
I C LU B, in the home of M r s. t 
O. V. Mechier. M r s. Gilbert t 
H ernandez w ill p resen t i 
“ F lo w e r 
A rra n g in g ." 
J* 
Cohostesses will be Mmes. 
* 
Louis Fox, Charles Ander- 
* son, A. D. D o c e ry , Jo e 

Gose, E. O. Hakala, H er­ bert Siege! and Clark G ar­ den. 
6:3o p m. E L C A M IN O 
C H A PT ER , 
Am erican Bu­ siness W om en's A sso cia­ tio n , in 
E a r l 
A b e l's 
Restaurant. Woman of the 
Year will be selected. Miss 
Ann Dwyer will speak on t 'Women and Their Finan­ cial F u tu re ." T illie Con­ treras will be vocational spedker. 
7:3o p.m . A R T H R IT IS 
IN FO RM ATIO N C LU B, in the fellow ship h all of 
Asbury United M ethodist 
Church. Dr. Elinor Young w ill speak on "D ie t and 
A rth ritis ." Dr. Young is professor of m edicine at 
University of Texas Health 
Scien ce 
C en ter. 
O th er health professionals w ill also be on hand. 
7:3o P.m. L A D IE S A U X ­ 
IL IA R Y TO SAN ANTONIO 
P R O F E S S IO N A L 
F I R E 
F IG H T E R S , in the Park- view Senior C enter. E x ­ ecutive board meets at 6:3o p.m . C esal 
R e a v is w ill speak on “ An O verview of 
Banking." 
7:3o w.m. 
L A M B D A 
LA M BD A C H A P T E R , 
Tau 
P h i 
L am b d a 
S o ro rity , 
WOW, in the home of M r s. 
.Arnold Howell with M iss 
Audrey Grossenbacher as hostess. 
8 p.m. W O M EN O F T H E 

MOOSE NO. 1o75, in the 
Moose Home for chapter and business meeting. 

W ED N ESD A Y 
1o a.m. C H A P T E R E E , 
PEO , in the home of Mrs. 
R . J. McConnell with Mrs. 
Fra n k 
S. 
H udgins as cohostesses. 
M rs. 
A rt 
Je n k e w ill presen t 
“ Memories," 
11 a.m. G U A RD C LU B, 
A lam o 
R e vie w 
No. 
22, 
North A m erican Benefit 
Association, in M cCreless 
Lubv's Cafeteria. Meeting will follow in the Green 
Room of the Fair Avenue 
Senior Center. Myrtle Mor­ rison will host the games party after the meeting. 
Noon W O M E N ’S A U X ­ 
IL IA R Y O F C E R T IF IE D 
P U B L IC ACCOUNTANTS, will meet for lunch at the 
King Wah Restaurant fol­ lowing a tour of the 
Courthouse conducted bv the B a r A u x ilia ry . M rs. 
Ja m e s H yde Is hostess chairman. 
12:25 p.m. Z O N IA C LU B 
OF SAN ANTONIO, in the 
Colonel’s Room of the Frost 
National Bank. 
7 p.m. LA C K LA N D NCO 
W IV E S 
C L U B , in the 
Lockland NCO Club, Cha­ teau Room. The American 
Handicraft Store represen­ tative will demonstrate the art of macrame. 

FROST BROS. 

. 
' 
4 

President will crown Queen 

Bradford R. Breuer will crown the Order of the Ala­ mo’s Queen of the Court of the Voyage Extraordinaire at 
8 p.m. Wednesday in Muni­ cipal Auditorium. 
This “ fringe benefit” goes with being president of the Order. 
Last year as vice president he was Coronation chairman of the 
Court of the Lone Star. 
Twice Breuer has been a duke iii earlier Coronations, once for Ethel 
Affleck and another time for Susie 
Altgelt. Wednesday night he will be accompanied by pages, Valatie 
Roussel and Tres Roussel of New 
Orleans. 
They are the children of his sister and brother-in-law Dee-Dee and F. Allen Roussel .It*., who will also be at the pageant. Brener's parents are Dr. and Mrs. Alfred 
Breuer. 

 k 
Education 
A native San Antonian, Breuer attended San Antonio Academy, 
TM I and graduated from fascia 
Hall in Tulsa, a Catholic boys’ school run by Augustinian Monks. 
Ile earned his B. A. degree in go­ vernment and business from Aus­ tin College in Sherman. 
For the past eight years, Brewer has been with Alamo National 
Bank where he is a vice president. 
Ile was project manager for the renovation and “ retrofit” of the bank and the Alamo National 
Building. In 197H on Texas Inde­ pendence Day, March 2, and the bank s 85th anniversary, the bank reopened in its longtime location. 
Last year Breuer also made a personal relocation, selling his 
Alamo Heights home and moving into an apartment in one of the old homes Walter Mathis has renovated in the King William area. It is known as the Chabot House. 
An interest in Texas architecture and older homes and public build- 

 r B y----------------------------------- 

EVE LYNN SAWYER 

 ings in various parts of the state has led Breuer to make a study of these structures. 
But, Breuer is also concerned w ith what’s going on today on local, state and national levels. A bache-, lor, he finds early mornings the best time to “ work out” at the 
YMCA. Whenever possible, he goes tit an exercise class at 7 a.m. 
Golf appeals to him when he can find the time, and he also enjoys hunting deer and birds. A new interest is photography. 
These hobbies have to take a back seat to his many civic responsibi­ lities, however. Breuer is on the 
Governmental Relations Com­ mittee of the United Way and on the executive committee of the Insti­ tute of Texan Cultures’ Folklife 
Festival. 
He is vice chairman of the Auc­ tion Sales Committee of the San 
Antonio Livestock Show and a dir­ ector. Austin College Alumni. San 
Antonio Academy Alumni and the 
Paseo del Rio Associations also count on Breuer as a director. 

Council 
In the San Antonio Chamber of 
Commerce Breuer serves on the 
Governmental Affairs Council, and he’s also doing his part on the exe­ cutive committee of the Fiesta San 
Antonio Commission. 
Friends of the McNay have elect­ ed Breuer as vice-president, and he is a member of the Opera Supers, the San Antonio Museum Associa­ tion and the San Antonio Art 
League. 
Social organizations include membership un the board of governors of the Argyle, and mem­ bership in the Conopus Club, Oak 
Hills Country Club and the San An­ tonio German Club. 
Obviously, he knows how to make 
HO minutes out of every hour count. 
Full week ahead for Royal Court 

The Queen and Princess of the Court of the Voyage Ex­ traordinaire and the dukes and duchesses in the coronation have social events scheduled throughout Fiesta Week. 

Sidney Francis and his mother, 
Mrs. David G. Francis, will entertain at the Dublin Plantation with a swimming and dinner party in honor of Duchess Louise Craig Brown Sun­ day evening. 

Prior to the River Parade Monday,. 
Mrs. Margaret Bosshardt Pace will honor the court with a cocktail dinner party at the Twohig Building. At the same time Nancy Negley, Maggie 
Cousins and Bill Pahlmann will en­ tertain with their traditional party in their riverside apartments. 
Debutante 
Mr. and Mrs. Eugene Ames Jr. will honor their daughter, Elizabeth, with a reception and dance in the Argyle 
Tuesday. Miss Ames will be last of the debutantes to make her bow. 
Court members w ill attend a breakfast Wednesday in the St. Anth­ ony. 
The Argyle will also be the setting for a luncheon Wednesday for the parents of the in-town and visiting courts. Mrs. Andrew Z. Thompson and Dan Peavy are in charge of this party given by the sponsors of the visiting court. 
At the same time, luncheon for the entire court will be held in the South­ west Craft Center with Claiborne B. 
Gregory Jr. in charge. 
The Coronation of the Queen w ill be held in Municipal Auditorium at 8 

 p.m. Wednesday. Afterwards, a re­ ception will be held for the members of the court, their fam ilies, and members of the Order of the Alamo in the St. Anthony Hotel. Joe Morin will play for the reception. Charles L. 
Jeffers Jr. is in charge . 
Mothers 

The Battle of Flowers Association will hold a reception and luncheon 
Thursday in the St. Anthony Hotel for the mothers of the duchesses. The members of the court will be enter­ tained at an a1 fresco luncheon and, swimming party that day given by 
Robert L. B. Tobin at his Oakwell 
Farm. 
Thursday evening Mr. and Mrs., 
Frank McCollum Jr. will honor Du­ chess Em ily Brow n and the court with a cocktail ‘buffet in the St.Anthony 
Hotel. Later that evening the San 
Antonio German Club will hold its 
Fiesta German in San Jose Mission. 
The Queen, Princess and duchesses will ride in the Battle of Flowers 
Parade Friday afternoon. That night 
Reagan Houston is in charge of the 
Royal Garden Party to be held in the 
Lutcher Center. 
The Queen and Princess will en­ tertain with a luncheon Saturday in the San Antonio Country Club. That evening the Queen’s Ball will be held in the Menger Hotel. Steve Sinclair is in charge of the ball. 
Before the ball, the Little Corona­ tion will be held in the pool area at the Menger. R.T. Coiner III will be in charge. 
At noon Sunday Mrs. Bal Dewar and Mr. and Mrs. Michael Bell will honor Duchess Claire Dewar with a luncheon in the San Antonio Country 
Club. 

FROST BROS. 

GOOD FORTUNE, the gypsy 

 look, foreseeing a little romance in 

 your fulure. the sophisticated peasant 

 here from our prophetic gypsy collections 

 for spring & summer, the bubble 

 top, s.m.l, 5o.oo. the flounced skirt, 6 to 12, 

11o.oo. in teal or putty cotton voile, and, 

 putting it all under wraps, the plum 

 lace shawl, 4o.oo. designer sportswear 

 collections, downtown and 

 north star mall. 

PRESIDENT of the O rd er of the A la m o , Bradford 
Breuer, to crown the Queen 

San Antonio EXPRESS NEWS— Sunday April 17 1977 

The use o f women to train men or vice versa mostly requires exercis­ ing common sense' 

 that’s a calculator and 
Time Computer combined 

(Illu s tra te d slightly less than actual size.) 

Stainless steel case and bracelet, $55o. 
No larger than a good- sized mans wristwatch. 
Adds ... subtracts ... di­ vides ... multiplies ... fig­ ures percentages ... tells the time, month, and date. 
Six-digit display, 12-digit calculating capability. Ideal gift for the executive. 
Pulsar 
IHI !>Mt COWli*!* 

NEW ACCO UNTS INVITED 
NEVI* AN Y INTEtfST 
O * C A M P IN G C H A iG E S 

Monday Saturday IO a rn to 5 3o p m 

223 I HOWTON ST 
22SS3#? 

MAJ. MARGARET DUGG AN exchanges notes with training instructors S.Sgt. Samuel Caballero and S.Sgt. Charles Goe- decke 

AIR FORCE recruits make their barracks shipshape for Maj. 
Duggan’s inspection 

Fixing fish 

Between the cu rren t wave of interest in nutri­ tion and the rising cost of foods, Americans seem to be eating more fish and seafood. 
And not ju st in r e s ­ taurants. Technology’ in packaging is making it easier all the time to pre­ pare fish at home without the expected “ mess and smell.” 
Fish will be the cate­ gory for the next San An-; tonio News contest. 
Five dollars will go to* the person entering the' best recipe using fish by mailing it to Food Editor, 
The News, Box 2171, San 
Antonio, Tex. 78297 be­ fore April 21. 
Write your recipe on one side of a sheet of paper, tell why it is your favorite and sign your nam e, giving your a d ­ dre ss and day tim e telephone number. 
Only tested recipes are eligible, and only one entry from each contes­ tant will be considered. 
The winning recipe us­ ing fish will be published 
May 5. Watch for the w inning recipe using bananas on April 21 and the winning recipe using asparagus on April 28. 
This commander 

There is a certain surprise on the part of incoming recruits at Lackland AFB when they see the name 
Margaret 
Duggan at the top of the squadron roster. 
‘‘T h a t’s the com ­ mander,” they are told. 
Maj. Margaret B. Dug­ gan, co m m an d er of 
Lackland’s 37o8th Basic 
Military Training Squa­ dron, is the first woman in the Air Force to com­ mand an all-male basic training squadron. She has 1,ooo male recruits in her charge. 
Lackland has IO other training, squadrons for male recruits, two squa­ drons of female enlistees and one squadron dedi­ cated to training Saudi 
A rabian Air Force r e ­ cruits. 

 sports a dress 

Fashionably 
Espadrille 

Take a step in the right fashion direction this Spring and Summer in spirited espttdrilles atop braided natural rope wedges. Lean and light hearted, in shapes you can’t resist. 
A. Anne Klein. Bone, Red, Navy 
Linen with Embroidered vamp. 
S14.oo. B. Rosina Ferragamo 
Schiavone. Bone, Navy, White 
Calf. S34.oo. C.Adlib. Black, 
White Patent. S38.oo. We welcome new accounts, 
Master Charge, Bank- 
Americard. 

B. 

6 P I6 
Central Park Mall, Ph. 341-86o1 

Maj. Duggan says the use of women to train men. or vice versa, mostly re q u ire s exercisin g com m on sense. 
“ Before I or one of the female training instruc­ tors (TI’s) inspect a male dorm , we check the tra in e e s ’ schedule. If they are showering, it’s not a good time to go in. 
“ Male TI’s do the same thing when they check a woman’s dorm.” 
Maj. Duggan sees few differences between male and female recruits. 
“ All have the sam e concerns. The men cry like the women, but art usually younger. 
“ Quite a few men are 
17. Women often come iii afte r w orking or a d i­ vorce and many are 24 or- 
25.” 

Maj. Duggan finds that men adapt a little faster to the military environ­ ment. 
Women 

“ Women feel silly drillin g and saluting. 
Men go into it quickly.’” 
Based on her e x p e r­ ience Maj. Duggan be­ lieves today’s young air­ men are better educated and question more than a few years ago. 

"Most trainees have completed high school, and a large number have at least a year of college. 
The big enlistment moti­ vator is the educational benefits. Recruits see the 
Air Force as a way to meet personal goals.” 
Much to Maj. Duggan’s relief, she finds pre-ser­ vice drug use is down. 
Basic training covers a six-week period with 3o training days exclusive of weekends and holidays. 

Maj. D uggan’s sq u a ­ dron is divided into 22 flights. Each is in a dif­ ferent stage of training. 

“ When airm en leave here, they know good team work, how to take care of themselves and to follow instructions,” she said. 

The trainee’s day starts at 5 a.m. with physical conditioning, show er, cleaning the dorm , breakfast and duty. 

Maj. Duggan is r e ­ sponsible for the recruit’s 

 military training, that is, drill, habits of life, wear­ ing of the uniform and how to address NCOs and officers. Sixty T I’s — three of them women — work under her su per­ vision. 
Classes 

Trainees also attend academic classes to learn basic information to ena­ ble them to function ef­ fectively in the Air Force. 
Although the TI has the daily contact with the trainees, 
Maj. 
Duggan gives each flight a com­ mander's briefing on the fifth day of training and talks to any trainee who wants to see her. 
Mostly she sees those who apply for a commis­ sion or discharge, bypass training, fail evaluations or have discip lin ary problems. 
“Trainees fear getting set back, and some have some heavy problems.” 
When a trainee fails his written evaluations and inspections, he is re-evaluated. If he fails, this, he is sent back to a flight in an earlier stage of training. 
Maj. Duggan says she is fascinated by trainees. 

“ This job has more challenging responsibi­ lities for m ore people than I’ve ever had. The potential for influence is here.” 

Maj. Duggan enlisted in the Air Force in 1962 after g ra duatin g from 
Lemoyme College in Syr­ acuse, N.Y. She was sent to Medina Base for basic training, then became a personnel officer. 
Travel 

She entered the Air 
Force because she want­ ed to do som ething different and thought the 
Air Force would offer ex­ citement and travel. 

She has not been disap­ pointed. She has been based in Thailand, Okin­ 

 awa, Florida, California and W ashington DX’. 
Prior to her present as­ signment, she served as the commander of one of the squadrons of female enlistees for a year. 
She is attending a grad­ uate school class at night at the University of 
Texas at San Antonio and studying environmental m anagem ent with con­ centration on human re­ sources. 
She is not married. 
Maj. Duggan explained that some time ago the 
Air F o rce m ade a d e ­ cision to increase the n u m b er of women to about 8 or IO percent of the force. 
“ This trip les the chances that a man will work with a woman,” she said. 
“ T here are alw ays transitional problem s, but career women in the military service are ser­ ious about their jobs.” 

Volunteers to receive hospital orientation 

 so 

 t V ed* 

 wsS3V? o S'iesfe’-lw ^ o 

 eva< 

 a -'6 

 tf,o > 'ouse 

Southwest Texas Meth­ odist Hospital’s Blue Bird 
Auxiliary will have or­ ientation for new volun­ teers. 

Men and women are needed to volunteer for evenings and weekends in various areas of the hospital. 

Each volunteer m ust attend two orientation sessions. 

O rientation for day workers will be from 7 

 p.m . to 
9:3o p.m. 
Wednesday, April 25, and from 9a.m . to 3:3o p. rn. 
Thursday, April 26. 
Evening and weekend workers will have orien­ tation from 7 p.m. to 9:3o p.m . W ednesday and 
Thursday, April 25 - 26. 
All sessions will be in the hospital’s fifth floor auditorium. 

For further in form a­ tion, contact Mrs. Ken­ neth Copeland, director of volunteer services. 

VU >N H ,()A A l K Y TIME TO SHINE 

Spring showers bring a bouquet of new classes for 

Wendy Ward. 

FASHION, BEAUTY AND CHARM COURSES 
FOR EVERY AGE—A WENDY WARD 
INSTRUCTOR CONDUCTS WEEKLY CLASSES 

Sugar and 
Spice 

Classes for girls ages 4 to 9. 
Instruction on etiquette, how to make introductions, table manners, posture, grooming, poise. Tots have fun showing you what they’ve learned in a 
Fashion Show Graduation. 
F our 1-hr. 
{ s a classes 
I V 

Pacesetter 
(Wendy Ward Course) 

G irls’ ages 14 to 18 years or g rad u ate of “ C rossroads” . 
Interesting sessions to learn posture, visual poise, groom­ ing, skin and hair care, make­ up, w ardrobe selection and coordination. Ending with a 
Fashion Show Graduation. 
Four I 1/* hr. rn classes 
I J 

Adult Beauty 
Forum 

A new you . . . in time for 
S p rin g , F acials, m ake-up, creative use of scarves; ward­ robe planning. 
Two 2-hr. 
$ 1 A 
S em inars 
2 V 

15 

Crossroads to charm 

For girls IO-13. It’s the place that develops poise and con­ fidence. Learn basic groom ing, manners, wardrobe care and graces. Pick up modeling and beauty tips. T ake old friends, meet new ones, too! 
F our l'/i-h f. 
| < classes 

Advanced 
Teen Charm 

Must have Pacesetter course or similar training. Sessions train in methods models use for photography and m ake­ up. G u id an ce in c re a tiv e wardrobe selection and poise. 
Four 2-hr. 
S o n classes 
M V 

W indsor P ark Store Only 

Career Girl 
Course U.S.A. 

Train for a career in profes­ sional modeling. Certified by the T eias Education Agency. 
A dditional info rm atio n on fash io n c o o rd in a tio n an d other fashion related career fields. 

Wonderland Store Only 

Enrollment deadline for all classes is April 22 

LET CHARG-ALL HELP YOU STRETCH YOUR BUDGET 
/VU )PsfT( »( )/V\F R Y 
You’ re why we’re here. i W j P f T Q 

For more information call the Ward* Store nearest you.... 
MCCRELESS 
WINDSOR PARK 
WONDERLAND 
Eyvette Warnecke 
Bonnie Latino 
Carol Savage 
654-25o9 
654-22o8 
654-2321 

San Antonio EXPRESS-NEW S— Sunday April 17 I 977 

Warm up to fashion 

 gray, as well as gray plus yellow and red are being featured for men. Brown with clay and tan, or gray with red and white are more subtle combos for the gals. 
Brights are available for both sexes — and brights are right when jogging along a busy street. All the better to see you! 

Comfort 

Companies like White Stag, whose name is synonymous with sportswear, put empha­ sis on updated styling. Jack­ ets are touting stained glass panels and bold leg stripes. 
All jackets have knit-banded cuffs for ease and comfort. 

All photos are from White 
Stag. 

 crystal 

 collection of photographs that emphasize the many facets of crystal, from stark reality to geo­ metric formations, aesthetic ab­ stra c tio n s, and su rre a listic visions. 
Introducing the exhibit in a brochure, Lenox states, “ As an object of the cam era’s lens, crys­ tal creates an aesthetic bond between the le n sm a n 's contem porary art and the a r ­ tisan’s age-old craft, glassmak- ing. Focusing the cam era’s eye on crystal brings into close gaze its light-reflecting qualities, intri­ cate details, and greatly varied shapes.’’ 
The work of Mies Hora shows a variety of geometric shapes and a b stra c t p a tte rn s in precise sharpness, with a vivid contrast between light and dark tones. In many of his photographs, the glass glistens with a gem-like quality. In o th ers, it has a swirling, almost hypnotic effect. 
Natural 

Photographs by Jim Seotese are striking in their simplicity. Many show crystal set against the na­ turally aesthetic background of the beach at East Hampton, Long 
Island. 
Explaining why he chose this background, Seotese said, “ The sand was smooth and flowing, encompassing the glasses; the sunlight provided a natural set­ ting. Since glass is taken from nature, I wanted to bring the crystal back to where it came from.” 
In her photographs, Amy Finn examined, in close up, the differ­ ent elements of crystal. Using black velvet as her background, she has expressed and clarified the elegance and simplicity of the crystal. 
"I hoped to rediscover those elem ents th a t d istinguish it 
(crystal) from ordinary glass. I saw, through the lens, different lines and shapes that I hadn’t seen before,” said Miss Finn. 
Hora, a graphics designer, stu­ died under the direction of photo­ graphers George Tice and Ezra 
Stoiler. His interest in photo­ graphy began at age 16, when he backpacked across Great Britain. 
Seotese, who recently had an exhibit of his photographs at Fer­ rari Autos in New York City, be­ gan his formal training at South­ ampton College. 
Miss Finn, who is planning a career in photography, has stu­ died with photographer P eter 
Fink. Her work has appeared in 
P a re n ts’ and W om an’s World magazines. 

Both men and women are w arm ing up to the new sportswear styles. 
This translates to say that the all-purpose warmup suit is finding its way into more and more wardrobes of the entire family. 
What started out as a sweatsuit or jogging suit has moved into the mainstream of sportswear activities from gym nastics to gardening, tennis to trotting, cycling to camping. 
Gone are the days of the gray, baggy sw eatsuits, predecessors to today’s smart warmups. Among the new fabrics is a soothing and classy combination of Cres- lan and acrylic polyester in sophisticated colors. 
Clay plus navy and tan and 

 te 
M 
’ v.- • 
................................... im m jmmmmmmmmmmwmmm 
Photos capture 

AT VERY SPECIAL SAVINGS 

COMING or going, tennis or camping, y o u ’ll be a smash in these w a rm u p suits 

WHITE STAG calls this w a s h ‘n w e a r warm up ‘the w orld’s m ost com fortable jumpsuit' 

/ 

CRYSTAL decanters photographed on sandy beach by Jimmy Seotese 

LIMITED TIME ONLY 

Now, w hen im portant jew els are m ore sought after and scarce w ith each p assing day; w hen the price of precious gem s in world m arkets app roaches the incredible; a savings opportunity o f this m agnitude can only be regarded as extraordinary. The rem arkable collection in clu d es m any one-of-a-kind jewrel creations. D iam onds, em eralds, rubies, sapphires, a treasury o f precious and sem i-precious stones. 
B reathtaking rings, necklaces, bracelets, pins, w atches, even jew el accessories for m en, all are included. 
W hatever your budget, it m ay never bring you a chance to acquire truly im portant jew elry like this again. 

EXTRA SPECIAL SAVINGS: 3oWe OFF ALL PIAGET WATCHES! 

FROST BROS. 

DOWNTOWN 
• 
NORTH STAR MALL 

BOLD ‘stain ed g la s s ’ colors in v a rie d c o m ­ binations accent w arm u p s for m en and wom en 

“ Crystal Im ages,” a un­ ique exhibit featuring the works of three young photo­ graphers as they explore new ways of looking at crystal, will be shown at 
Jo sk e’s Downtown Store, third floor Monday through 
April 3o. 
The exhibit, sponsored by Len­ ox, m akers of hand-blown lead crystal and fine china, includes a collection of 8o prints that cap­ ture in detail the light-reflecting surfaces and varied shapes ol crystal. 
It has been shown in major U.S. cities including New York, Phi­ ladelphia, Atlanta, Washington, 

B.C., Detroit, and Cleveland. 
The ph oto grap hs w ere com ­ missioned by Lenox as a photo­ graphic essay to focus attention on the h an d c ra fted q u alities found in crystal design. 

Included are prints by Amy 
Finn, 21, a senior at Brown Uni­ versity; Mies Hora, 21, a graphics designer and graduate of Parsons 
School of Design; and Jim m y 
Seotese, 27, who studied at the 
International Center of Photo­ graphy in New York and is be­ ginning a career in photography. 
Drama 
Each has developed a distinc­ tive way of seeing crystal through dramatic use of light, shadow and unique settings. The result is a 

P ag e 
6-E 
Aschbaeher, 
W ells nuptials are solemnized 

S a n A n to n io E X P R E S S -N F W S * — S u n d a y A p ril I 7 1977 
IPI Wesley H. Hearn, 
Miss Callender 

Miss Becky Aschbaeher and John C. 
Wells of Rowlett, exchanged marriage vows, Saturday in St. Peter’s Prince of the Apostles Church. Officiating were the Rev. Albert Maneth and the Rev, 
Jay Breland. 
The bride is the daughter of Mr. and 
Mrs. Paul Aschbaeher. The groom’s parents are Mr. and Mrs. Curtis Wells of Garland. 
Matron of honor was Mrs. Patrick 
Stanchak. Maid of honor was Cindy 
Lewis. Bridesmaids were Mrs. Terry 
Mackey and Mrs. Steven Mayfield. 
Flower girl was Tracy Seiler. 
Wayne Foster of Garland served as best man. Groomsmen were Randy 
Stebbins of Dallas, Paul McClung and 
Wilbur Smith, both of Garland. Assist­ ing as ushers were Paul Aschbaeher, 
Jeff Aschbaeher, Gene Aschbaeher and 
Greg Lewis. 
A reception was held in the Oak Hills 
Country Club following the ceremony. 
MRS. JOHN C. WELLS 

 solemnize vows 

Miss Wanda Beth Callender and 
Wesley Haltom Hearn exchanged m ar­ riage vows, Saturday in the Pecan 
Valley Church of Christ. Eddie B. Cal­ lender Jr., brother of the bride, offi­ ciated at the ceremony. 
Parents of the couple are Mr. and 
Mrs. Eddie Callender and Mr. and 
Mrs. Astor L. Hearn. 
Matron of honor was Mrs. Bonnie 
Johnson, sister of the bride. Brides­ maids were Linda Carter of Gonzales and M rs. Roxie Speer of Corpus 
Christi, sister of the groom. Flower girl was Cheryl Carter of Cedar Park and ringbearer was Danny Robinson. 
Serving as best man was Norman 
B arnes. Groom sm en were Mike 
McCasland and Roland Hearn, brother of the groom . Ushers were Terry 
Starling and Rod Speer. 
After a reception at the Pecan Valley 
Country Club, the couple left on a wedding trip to Big Bend National 
Park. 
MRS. WESLEY H. HEARN 

 lllfe w edding belles + + * w edding beiliis + + + w edding b e lle s .J j ^ /V w e d d in g j 

Schindler, 
Yancy vows repeated 

The marriage of Miss 
Dorothy June Yancy and 
Richard Paul Schindler was solemnized Saturday in St. Gregory the Great 
Catholic Church by the 
Rev. Michael O’Gorman. 
The bride is the daughter of Mrs. Helen 
Hawkins and Ben Joe 
Yancy. She was given in marriage by her uncle. 
Buzzy Elm endorf. The groom is the son of Mrs. 
Edwin F. Schindler and the late Mr. Schindler. 

Maid of honor was De­ bra 
Lynn 
Holbrook. 
B ridesm aids were 
Yvonne Petray, Michelle 
Yancy, Cindy Schindler, 
Linda Biediger, Beverly 
Martin, Linda Carter and 
Donna Montgomery. 

Serving as flower girl was Stacy P ruiett and ringbearer was Blaine 
Elmendorf. 

MRS. R. P. SCHINDLER 

Best man was Stephen 
Allen Schindler. Grooms­ men were Clark Gillis, 
Don Davenport, B arry 
Cochran, Barry Hanes, 
John Dunn, Tom Man- egre and 
G arry 
Schnuriger. Usher was 
Tom Houser. 
A reception was held at the church hail following the ceremony. 

Duniven-Seaholt 

The 
Rev. 
John 
Andrewartha officiated at the garden wedding of 
Jeannie Seabolt and 
Donald Lewis Duniven, 
Saturday at the Brittany 
Apartments. 

Parents of the bride are Mr. and Mrs. R. H. 
Seabolt Jr. of Dallas. The 

 groom is the son of Mrs. 
Ruby Duniven of Amar­ illo. 

Serving as matron of honor was Kathleen Slo­ comb and best man was 
Ken Keplinger. 

The couple will honey­ moon in Los Angeles and 
Las Vegas. 

Here are nine different sizes of diamond solitaires. 

 from the top: 

$165. 
$225. 
$299. 
$395, 
* $495. 
$595. 
$795. 
$99o. 
SI 85o. 

And this is only the beginning. 

We can show you solitaires in still more sizes. And more shapes, too. At prices from not very-much to a-very-great-deal. 
We give you more choices. Illustration enlarged. Charge accounts. Master Charge/ 
BankAmencard/American .Express. 

CENTRAL PARK MALL 
341-4481 
WINDSOR PARK M ALL 
654-6435 

Nuptials recited 
Saturday 

Sacred Heart Catholic 
Church in Floresville was the setting Saturday for the w edding of M iss 
Carole Ann F ueller of 
Floresville and Jam es 
Edw ard A ktines. The 
Rev. Gino Bernasconi, assisted by the Rev. Jim 
Henke, officiated. 
The bride is the daughter of Mr. and Mrs. 
Jerom e F ueller Jr. of 
Floresville. The groom is the son of Mrs. George 
Aktines and the late Mr. 
Aktines. 
Maid of honor was 
M ary 
Gail 
F u eller. 
Bridesmaids were Mrs. 
Bloyde Seiler, Mrs. Hu­ bert Morawietz, Donna 
Catherine F ueller and 
Christy Aktines. Flower girl was Misty Aktines and ringbearer was John 
Jerome Knott. 
Serving as best man was 
Kenny 
Pawlik. 
Groomsmen were John J. 
Catholic rites unite 
Gleasons 

Miss Delia Ann De 
Luna and Walter Andrew 
Gleason were m arried 
Friday at a candlelight ceremony in St. Vincent 
De Paul Catholic Church by the Rev. Thomas J. 
Flanagan. 
Parents of the couple are Mr. and Mrs. Raul De 
Luna and Mr. and Mrs. 
Stanley D. Gleason. 
Matron of honor was 
M rs. Ralph K rueger. 
Bridesmaids were Jeanie 
Jensen of 
Olym pia, 
Wash, and Linda Alvara­ do, both sisters of the bride. Shannon Jarrell and Vickie Martinez. 
Flower girl was Cindy 
Krueger and ringbearer was Ramon Beccerra III. 
Michael D. Gleason, brother of the groom, served as best m an. 
Groomsmen were Steve 
Pohlar, Scott Horn, Lee 

MRS. J. E. AKTINES 
F u eller, Anthony Ak­ tines, Randy Aktines and 
H ubert 
M orawietz. 
Ushers were Randy De- 
Mauro, Chris Fueller and 
David Holguin. 
A reception was held at the Wilson Country Show 
Barn in Floresville. 
The couple will honey­ moon at Los Angeles and 
San Francisco. 

MRS. W. A. GLEASON 

De Luna and Eddie De 
Luna. Ushers were Kelly 
Gleason, Terry Gleason, both brothers of the groom, and Michael De 
Luna. 
A reception and dance were held in the San An­ tonio Home Builders As­ sociation Ballroom. 

Sheppard, 
Hendrix vows said 

Miss Valerie Lee Hen­ drix of Marion and Guy 
Alvin Sheppard of Bryan, were m arried Saturday in A ldersgate United 
Methodist Church by the 
Rev. Harold Zirkel. 
The bride is the daughter of Mr. and Mrs. 
L. D. Hendrix of Marion. 
The groom’s parents are 
Mr. and Mrs. H. A. Shep­ pard Jr. of Abilene. 
Matron of honor was 
Mrs. J. K. Wilcox. Maid of honor was Anne Hen­ drix, sister of the bride. 
Bridesmaids were Mrs. 
Russell Roberson, Elaine 
McClain, Debbie Sharp and Cindy Newberry. 
Serving as flower girls were Karen Sue Manisoii and 
Jeana 
Kay 
Humphries. Ringbearer was John David C ar­ o le rs. 
Best man was Grady 
Sheppard, brother of the groom. Groomsmen were 
Carters say votes 
Saturday 

Miss Josephine Pruski became the bride of Ron­ ald Bruce Carter, Satur­ day in Nativity of the 
Blessed Virgin M ary 
Catholic Church at Cesto- howa. The Rev. Julius 
Dworaczyk officiated. 
The bride is the daughter of Mr. and Mrs. 
Isidore Pruski of Falls 
City. The groom ’s par­ ents are Mr. and Mrs. R. 
H. C arter J r. of Big 
Spring. 
Matron of honor was 
Christine Albrecht, sister of the bride. Bridesmaids were Joyce Stanush, sis­ ter of the bride. Mary 
Jane Janowski, Debbie 
Pruski, Cheryl Carter, 
Kathy O liver, Eileen 
Whitley and Debbie Hin­ ton. 
Keith 
Seidenberger served as best man. 
Groomsmen were Bill 

MRS. G. A. SHEPPARD 
Tom 
Echols, 
Dwain 
Johnson, Stew art G re­ gory, Bill Helwig and 
Gordon Bledsoe. Ushers w ere 
Dean 
H endrix, brother of the bride, and 
Larry Johnson. 
A reception was held in the church activities hall following the ceremony. 
The couple will Uve in 
Bryan. 

MRS. R. B. CARTER 
C arter, Alex P ruski, 
Jerry Pruski, Dan Stan­ ush, Cary Pruski, Chuck 
Blackmon and David 
W hitley. U shers were 
Don Albrecht and Mark 
Pruski. 
A reception was held in the Cestohowa Hall fol­ lowing the ceremony. 

Granata-Hubbs 
The m arriage of Miss 
Deborah Ann Hubbs and 
Sam Blas Granata was solemnized Saturday in 
St. F ran cis Di Paola 
Catholic Church by the 
Rev. George Strum. 
The bride is the daughter of Mrs. Natalie 
Hubbs. She was given in marriage by her brother, 
John 
Hubbs. 
The groom’s parents are Mr. and Mrs. Frank L. Gran­ ata. 
Maid of honor was 
Rose M ary T errazas. 
B ridesm aids were Jo 

Ann Coleman, Carol Ann 
Granata and Elizabeth 
Marie Pagonis. Flower girl was Dene G ranata and rin g b earer was 
Sammy Talerico. 
The groom ’s father served as best man. 
Groomsmen were Ronald 
Coleman, Frankie Gran- ieri and Don Monaco. 
Ushers were Larry Mon­ aco and James Terrazas. 
A reception was held in the Grand Ballroom of the Gunter Hotel. 
The couple will honey­ moon in Dallas. 

HAOTNiNGS 

Walkathon benefit set 

Fraternal Order of Ea­ gles Ladies Auxiliary No. 
7o will sponsor a Walk­ athon Saturday. 
Proceeds will benefit the Jimmy Durante Crip­ pled Children’s Fund and 
Hy Sky Girls Ranch. 
The walkathon will be­ gin at 8:3o a.m. at the 
Eagles Lodge on Hunt 
Lane. Participants will walk to McDonalds on 
Bandera and Loop 41o. 

A free lunch will be served. W alkers will leave 
McDonalds at 
12:3o p.m. and return to the lodge. 
Total distance of the walkathon is lSt miles. 
Persons interested in participating or donating to the charities, should contact Mrs. Roger Pat­ terson or Mrs. Leslie Ar­ d iti 
Heinz-Acosta 

The Rev. Bernard F. 
Popp officiated at the wedding of Miss Yolanda 
Frances Acosta and John 
Michael Heinz, Saturday in St. P a u l’s Catholic 
Church. 
The bride is the daughter of Mr. and Mrs. 
M iguel 
Acosta. 
The groom ’s parents are 
M r.and Mrs. Frank Jo ­ seph Heinz. 
Matron of honor was 
Olga Acosta. B rides­ m aids were 
Abigail 
Gallego and Debra Men­ 

 doza. Flower g irl was 
Stephanie Montez and ringbearer was Jim m ie 
Acosta. 

Serving as best man was Mike Acosta J r. 
Groom sm en w ere Ray 
Ram irez and Louis Or- satti. Other attendants were Bernice Acosta, 
Belinda Acosta, Lisa 
Acosta, Norma Acosta and Rebecca Ramirez. 
A reception was held in the church parish hall following the ceremony, 

VDC plans memorial 
Albert Sidney M John­ ston C hapter, United 
Daughters of the Confe­ deracy, will meet at 2 p.m . Thursday in the 
Blanco Center P arty 
Room. 
Mrs. Lorenzo Skaggs 

 will conduct a memorial service. 

Hostesses will be 
Mmes. Sterling Floren tin, R A. Tarver, Charles 
Adams and Mary Spiller. 
Crawford. 

Mr. Nussbaum to be speaker 

San Antonio Business and Professional Wo­ men's Club Inc. will meet at 6:15 p.m. Tuesday in 
Tai Shan restaurant. 

Henry D. Nussbaum, director of San Antonio 
Convention and Visitor’s 
Bureau will be the guest speaker. 

Feuerbacher-Blase 
Wives Club sets election 

M iss Em ily Amanda 
Blase and ^M itchell 
Jam es Feuerbaeher ex­ changed marriage vows, 
Saturday in 
Alamo 
Heights United M etho­ dist Church. The bride’s grandfather, Gerald L. 
Clore of Dallas, officiated at the ceremony. 

Parents of the couple are Mr. and Mrs. A. J. 
Bob Blase J r. and Mr. 

 and Mrs. Alvin L. Feuer- bacher. 
Serving as m aid of honor was Christina Ro­ bertson. Best man was 
Robert A. Hinds. Brides­ maid was Julie Melissa 
Blase, sister of the bride. 
Ringbearer was David A. 
C. Blase, brother of the bride. 
A reception was held at the home of the bride’s parents. 

Lackland 
O fficers 
Wives Club will meet in the Lackland O fficers 
Open 
Mess at noon 
Thursday for an election of officers. 

Hostesses will be wo­ men from Air Force 
Village. 

Reservations are ne­ cessary. 

NABA slates meeting 

Kasidah Review No. 
137, North A m erican 
Benefit Association will meet at I p.m. Thursday in the IOOF Hall in the 

Crockett Hotel. 

Mrs. Helen Howard and 
Mrs. Ruby M. Gorden will be hostesses. 

Wedding vows are repeated 

The marriage of Miss 
Lucinda Rae Miller and 
Vernon Martin Suggs Jr. was solemnized Saturday in Trinity Baptist Church by the Rev. Dan McLen­ don. 
The bride is the daughter of Dr. and Mrs. 
Sidney L. M iller. The groom’s parents are Mr. and M rs. Vernon M. 
Suggs of Kingsland. 
Matron of honor was 
Mrs. George D. Miller of 
New London, Conn. Maid of honor was P atricia 
Paulos of Salt Lake City, 
Utah. Bridesmaids were 
Mrs. 
Leo Conger of 
Bryan, siste r of the groom, and Deborah L. 
McClintock. 
Serving as best man j was Lynn Suggs, brother of the groom. Grooms- 
! men were Dr. George D. 
Miller of New London and 
Dr. Howard G. Miller, brothers of the bride, and 
Leo Conger of Bryan. 
A ssisting as ushers were Mickey Sapp of 
Corpus C hristi, Randy 
Betts, Russell Suggs and 
Hugh McClellan. 
A reception was held at the Woodlake Country > 
Club. 

 m m 

 rn 
'•XwlW I 

.wij. 

MRS. VERNON MARTIN SUGGS JR. 

Pamela Work becomes bride of J.F. Green 

Miss Pamela Gail Work became the bride of Jam es Franklin Green of 
Metairie, La., Saturday in Redeemer 
Lutheran Church. The Rev. Neil M. 
Bocklemann officiated. 
The bride is the daughter of Mr. and 
M rs. Jim m ie Howard Work. The groom ’s paren ts are 
Mr. and 
Mrs. Henry Moss Green Jr. 
Matron of honor was Mrs. Robert D. 
Simpson of Austin. Maid of honor was 
Beverly Karen Work of Austin, sister of the bride. Bridesm aids were Mrs. 
Melvin Alexander of El Paso and Mrs. 
Jam es M. Schwind of Bryan, both sisters of the groom, Sandra Lynn 
Work, sister of the bride, and Doris 
Hoechten. 
Serving as flower girl was Traci 
Cecil of Kingsville. Ringbearer was 
Erie Andres. 
Best man was Henry M. Green III of 
Houston, brother of the groom . 
Groomsmen were Melvin Alexander of 
El Paso, Robert D. Simpson of Austin, 
James J. Schwind of Bryan, Michael 
W. Riggs and Phil Purvis. 
After a reception at Aggie Park, the couple left on a wedding trip to 
Kerrville. They will reside in New 
Orleans. 
MRS. JAMES F. GREEN 
Lear n to 
Super Sew. 

After 8 easy, inexpensive lessons you will have made at least: 
One T-shirt 
One pair of perfect-fit pants 
Three fashion tops 
One skirt 
One sweater 
One suit jacket 
One swimsuit 

Using Ann Persons unique sewing methods, you sew in a fraction of the time of ordinary sewing. You’ll learn to fit and to design. 
And it’s so simple. The classes are fun —like a special club meeting. You learn. But you love it. 

You can m ake it. We w ill show you how. 
Stretch & Sew 
Americas Fabric and Sewing Center 

8— 2 HR. CLASSES FOR ONLY *2o°° 

CALL or COME IN NOW BECAUSE CLASSES FILL FAST 
BASIC 8 
Specialty 

Mon. 
4-18 
9-11 a.m. 
Thurs. 
4-21 
7-9 p.m. 
Wed. 
4-27 
7-9 p.m. 
Fri. 
4-29 
1o-12 a.m. 

3929 FREDERICKSBURG RD. 
735-5278 
HOURS 
MON.-THURS. 9 A.M.-9 P.M. 
FRI. & SAT. 9*3o A.M.-S P.M. 

Basic 8 Variation 
Tues., April 19 
7-9 p.m. 
★ 

Ask About 
Our 
Mini Classes 

4 ♦ + weddin 
+ * t w e d d i n g b e lle s + + ♦ w e d d i n g b e lle s + + w e d d i n g b e lle s + + + w e d d i 

Parker Chapel is scene of 
Binklev VOWS 

 m L 

MRS. JOHN T. BINKLEY IV 

Miss Margaret Sherwood Matthews became the bride of John Thom as 
Binkiey IV. Saturday in the Margarite 
B Parker Chapel at Trinity University. 
The Rev. Dr. William Rankin officiat­ ed. 

The bride is the daughter of Mr. and 
Mrs. Dudley McCutcheon Matthews. 
The groom is the son of Mrs. John 
Thom as Binkley and the late Mr. 
Binkley. 

M atron of honor w as M rs. Dick 
Chisum of El Paso. Maid of honor was 
Claude Virginia Fouke of St. Louis. 
Attendant was Susan Frates Moorman. 

Serving as groomsmen were Henry 
Schuhmacher, Nicolas Burns Binkley and Bryan Tucker Binkley. 

A wedding luncheon was held at the 
Argyle following the ceremony. 

The couple will live in Houston. 

Paula Jacob, 
Albert Worthy engagement is announced 

Dr. and Mrs. Norman H. Jacob an­ nounce the e n g ag em en t of th e ir daughter, Paula Gayle, to Albert Joh­ nathan Worthy, son of Mr. and Mrs. 
Albert William Worthy, 

The couple graduated from Alamo 
Heights High School and attended Tex­ as Tech University. Miss Jacob is a candidate for May graduation from the 
University of Texas School of Nursing at San Antonio. 

A Ju n e 4 wedding is planned in 
L aurel H eigh ts U nited M ethodist 
Church. 
June vows planned by couple 

Mr. and Mrs. Jay Hen­ derson announce the en­ g ag e m e n t of th e ir daughter, Molly Ray, to 
David Brvan Shealy of 
Ruston, La , son of Mr. and Mrs. John Shealy of 
Ruston. 
The bride-elect is a g ra d u a te of Louisana 
Tech U niversity. Her fiance is attending Lo­ uisana Tech University. 
A June 4 wedding is planned in Concordia 
Lutheran Church. 
MOLLY K. HENDERSON 

Seaman-Seiler 

Miss Susan Annelle 
S eam an, d a u g h te r of 
Mrs. E. F. Seaman Jr.,is engaged to 
K erm it 
Jam es Seiler, son of Mr. and Mrs. Jam es Henry 
Seller of Marion. 
The b ride-elect is a graduate of the Universi­ 

 ty of Houston. She is a violinist with the San 
Antonio Symphony. 
Her fiance graduated from LeT ourneau Col­ lege. 
A May 28 wedding is planned in Grace Bible 
Church. 

Paxton-Kirsli 

Mr. and 
Mrs. 
Tom ynn Paxton announce ie engagement of their aughter, Lisbeth Leigh axton, to Allen Mark ursh, son of Mrs. Nath- n Kirsh of McAllen. 

The bride-elect is a 

 g ra d u a te of Roosevelt 
High School and the Uni­ v ersity of Texas. Her fiance g rad u ated from 
McAllen High School and the University of Texas. 
A May 28 wedding is planned at the home of the bride’s parents. 

Gunn-Scott 

Mr. and Mrs. Charles 
W. Gunn announce the e n g a g e m e n t of th e ir daughter. Sharon Louise 
Gunn, to 
Alan 
Ray 
Scott of Houston, son of 
M r. and M rs. J. Ray 
Scott of Houston. The bride-elect is a graduate of MacArthur High School 

 and is attending Abilene 
Christian University. 

Her fiance is a senior at Abilene Christian Uni­ versity. 

The w edding is planned for May 27 in 
Sunset Ridge Church of 
Christ Chapel. 

M a rv in -N ix o n 

Janet Kathryn Marvin, daughter of Mr. and Mrs. 
Conrad William Marvin of Shreveport, is engaged to Allen Paul Nixon of 
Roswell, Ga. He is the son of Mr. and M rs. 
Richard R. Nixon of Bo­ livar, Pa. 
The bride-elect is a 

 g ra d u a te of C.E. Byrd 
High School in Shreve­ port and Trinity Univer­ sity. 
Her fiance is a grad­ uate of Penn State Uni­ versity. 
T heir w edding is planned for June 6 in San 
Antonio. 

Trejo-Garza 

Mr. and Mrs. Hector J. 
T rejo announce the en g a g e m e n t of th e ir daughter, Sonia Yvonne, to Cruz Lozano G arza, son of Mr. and Mrs. Ar­ ca d e Garza Jr. 
The b ride-elect is a g ra d u a te of In c a rn a te 
Word High School. She received a B.A. degree from St. M ary’s Univer­ sity w here she was a 

 m em ber of Sigma Tau. 
She received a m aster’s degree from Incarnate 
Word College. 
Her fiance graduated from C entral Catholic 
High School. He received a B.S. degree in business administration from Our 
Lady of the Lake College. 
A June ll wedding is planned in the Incarnate 
Word College Chapel. 

The w edding planned for July 22. is 

• rn 

 y 
. 
■ y 

\ 
"iv - Jc V V ‘ :/£%& 
.*. en gagem ents; 

 on P a ge 9-E 

PAULA G. JACOB 

Oliver-Christian 

Mr. and Mrs. Charles 
R obert Oliver of F o rt 
Worth announce the en­ g a g e m e n t of th e ir daughter, Paige Oliver of 
F o rt W orth, to W ayne 
Anthony Christian II, son of Mr. and Mrs. P aul 
Wayne Christian. 

The b ride-elect is a graduate of Paschal High 
School in Fort Worth. She receiv ed a deg ree in biology from T rin ity 
University. 

Her fiance graduated from 
A lam o H eights 
High School and Trinity 
University with a degree in economics. He is a t­ tending St. M ary’s Uni­ versity School of Law. 

A Ju ly 9 w edding is planned in St. Stephen 
Presbyterian Church at 
Fort Worth. 

Ploetz-Baker 

Mrs. Frederick Ploetz announces the e n g a g e ­ m ent of her d a u g h te r, 
Gail Carol Ploetz, to Dr. 
Ronald L. Baker, son of 
Mr. and Mrs. Harry L. 
Baker of Houston. 
The b ride-elect is a g ra d u a te of Lee High 
School. She received a bach elo r of science degree in education from the University of Texas at Austin. 
Her fiance received a bachelor of arts degree in psychology from the 
U niversity of Texas at 
Austin and a doctor of dental su rg e ry d e g re e from the U niversity of 
Texas Dental Branch at 
Houston. 
A Ju n e 4 w edding is planned in the Grotto at 
Oblate College. 

Hoggard-Littlefield 

K athryn Susan B o g­ gard, daughter of Mrs. 
Patricia Watson Hoggard and the late Mr. Hog- gard, is engaged to Phi­ lip Harvey L ittlefield, son of Mr. and Mrs. Ro­ bert Harvey Littlefield. 
The bride-elect and her fiance are graduates of 
H olm es High School. 
M iss H oggard w as a m em ber of the Biology 
Club, D ram a Club and the Dance Club. He was a m em ber of the football team. 

MRS. DAVID A. CORRELL 
Wedding vows are recited 

The marriage of Miss 
Jeannie Marie Garza and 
Mario C. Garza was so­ lemnized Saturday in San 
Jose Mission by the Rev. 
Lambert Leykarn. 

Parents of the couple a re Mr. and M rs. E. 
Willie Garza and Mr. and 
Mrs. Jorge T. Garza. 

Matron of honor was 
Irm a G arza. 
B rid e s­ m a id s were 
Nancy 
Scroggins of Houston, 
Susie Garza and Cynthia 
Travieso. Flower girl was 
Janie Lynn Treanor and rin g b e a re r was Stevie 
Garza. 

Jo rg e 
A. 
G arza, b ro th er of the groom , served as b est m an. 
Groomsmen were Jaim e 
Garza of New Orleans, 
Roland Garza and Gilbert 
O rtega. U sh ers w ere 
Couple to reside in 
Bitburg, 
Germany 

Miss Sharon Lee Vil­ larreal and Set. Patrick 
Alan 
Blackw ell exchanged m a rria g e vows, Saturday in Chapel 
8 of Lackland AFB. The 
Chaplain John E. Wallace officiated. 
The bride is the daughter of Mr. and Mrs. 
Amador Villarreal. The groom is the son of Mrs. 
Mary Barnett Blackwell of Salem, Va. 
Maid of honor was 
Brenda Joyce Villarreal. 
Serving as best man was 
S.Sgt. 
Melvin 
F ra n k 
G reen. 
U shers w ere 
S.Sgt. Michael Kennedy, 
Sgt. V incente P u en te, 
Sgt. Ross C arter, Sgt. 
Tommy Hill and S.Sgt. 
Molina, 
Trevino 

MRS. M. C. GARZA 

Joh n- G arza and Rene 
Garza. 
A reception was held at the Turtle Creek Country 
Club following the cere­ mony. 
The couple will honey­ moon at G u ad a la jara, 
Guanajuato and San Mi­ guel de Allende, Mexico. 

. -v v ' S j 

MRS. P. A. BLACKWELL 
Dennis Peterson. 
A reception was held in the C edar Hills A part­ ments Party Room. 
After a wedding trip to 
Salem, the couple will reside in Bitburg, Ger­ many. 

David Correl J 
Miss Thompson recite nuptials 

Miss Debbie Sue Thompson became the bride of David Austin Correll of 
Schertz, Saturday in Highland Hills 
Baptist Church. The Rev. C. Robert 
Ryan officiated. 
The bride is the daughter of Mr. and 
Mrs. John E. Thompson Jr. The groom is the son of C urtis B. Correll of 
Sweetwater and the late Mrs. Correll. 
Maid of honor was Brenda Villarreal. 
Bridesmaids were Charlotte Correll of 
Sweetwater, sister of the groom, Karen 
Thompson, sister of the bride, Debbie 
Ross and Lisa Johnson. 
Serving as flower girl was Patricia 
O rm sby and rin g b e are r was Scott 
Thompson, brother of the bride. 
Best man was Charles M. Harris of 
Dyersburg, Tenn. Groomsmen were 
Gary Correll of Sweetwater, brother of the groom, Mike Summers of El Paso, 
Bruce F ra z ie r and Andy M artini. 
Ushers were L arry McCloud, Mark 
Turner, Ben Keffer III and Darrell 
Smith. 
Couple to reside in 
Mississippi 

Miss Janet Ann Wia- trowski became the bride of Lt. Mark Fredenburgh of Columbus, Miss., Sa­ turday in the Main Cha­ pel of Randolph AFB. 
Chaplain Robert Blais- dell officiated. 
The bride is the daughter of Lt. Col. (ret.) and M rs. H. F. Wia- trow ski. The g ro o m 's parents are Mr. and Mrs. 
Edwin J. Fredenburgh of 
Grafton, N.H. 
Matron of honor was 
Mrs. Wayne Scroggins of 
H ouston. B rid e sm a id s were Mrs. Larry Pickel of Austin and Gail Sulli­ van. 
R ichard C ashm an of 
New B rittan y , Conn. serv ed as best m an . 
Groomsmen were Lt. Ro­ bert Van Duyn of Craig 
Newlyweds honeymoon on Texas 
G ulf Coast 

The Rev. Leslie E. El­ lison officiated a t the wedding of Miss Suzanne 
.Mignon Quebedeaux and 
Donald Paul West, F ri­ day in 
Los 
A ngeles 
H eig hts P re sb y te ria n 
Church. 
The bride is the daughter of Mr. and Mrs. 
Marcel Quebedeaux. The groom is the son of Mrs. 
Paul C. West and the late 
Mr. W’est. 
Maid of honor was Judy 
McCamey. Best man was 
Charles R Gerth. Atten­ dants were Messrs. and 
Mmes. Ronald L. Wright 

MRS. JAMES L. CALDWELL 

James (Caldwell, 
Susan Stokes are married 

Miss Susan Elizabeth Stokes became the bride of Jam es Lambert Caldwell, 
Saturday in Oak Ridge Baptist Church. 
The Rev. David C. Davidson, cousin of the bride, officiated. 

The bride is the daughter of Lt. Col. 
(ret.) and Mrs. Clyde B. Stokes. The groom ’s parents are Mr. and Mrs. 
Jam es H. Caldwell of Leesville, La. 

Serving as maid of honor was There­ sa A Murphy, Best man was Wayne 
Hill. Ushers were Guz Garza and Phil 
Schwirian. 

After a reception at the church, the couple left on a wedding trip to Ten­ nessee and the Smokey Mountains. 

W edding and Engagem ent form s available in the W om en's Departm ent 

% 

MRS. MARK 
FREDENBURGH 
AFB, Ala. and Lt. Mi­ chael Smiley of Colum­ bus. 
A reception was held in the Randolph AFB Of­ ficer’s Club following the ceremony. 
After a wedding trip to 
New Orleans, the couple will live in Columbus. 

Krueger, 
Vogel vows repeated 

Miss Catherine Louise 
VdgeFbecame the bride of 
Marcus Ray Krueger of 
Converse, Saturday in St. 
Margaret Mary’s Catho­ lic Church. The Rev. Paul 
Cleary officiated at the ceremony. 
The bride is the daughter of Mr. and Mrs. 
Gerhard F. Vogel. The groom’s parents are Mr. and M rs. Gladwin C. 
Krueger of Converse. 

Maid of honor was Su­ san Vogel. Bridesmaids were Gladys Kosub, Jeri 
K. Vogel, Sharon S te­ phens and Gilda Cantu. 
Flower girl was Kristi 
H artm an n and r in g ­ b e a re r w as 
D ustin 
Krueger. 
Serving as best man was C urtis K rueger. 
G room sm en were Len- 

MRS. M. R. KRUEGER nert Steffen. Mike Vogel, 
Bobby Vogel and Bobby 
Culpepper. Ushers were 
Ronnie Ewald, Arbury 
Steffen and Jim m y Vo­ gel. 
A reception was held in the St. Hedwig American 
Legion Hall. 
The couple will honey­ moon at the coast. 

About your wedding 

Are you getting m a r­ ried soon? Here are gui­ delines and deadlines for sending information to the Express and News. 
A picture of the bride will be published in thum bnail size free of charge. Engraving fees for larger pictures (en­ g ag em en t or wedding—you may have both) will be determined by size of picture desired. 
There is no charge for stories without photos. 

Wedding pictures and copy m ust be in the 
Express-News office at least one week before the wedding date. A black and white glossy photo is required. 
Wedding form s m ust be signed and must con­ tain a daytime telephone num ber for the person submitting the story. 

Wedding stories are not accepted after the wed­ ding. 

MRS. D. P. WEST 

 and David M. Q uebe­ deaux. 
The couple will honey­ moon on the Texas Gulf 
Coast. 
_____________ 

Consulting For F ine Estates and Estate Items. r\ ^ ana jls 

A S T I QU BS, IHC 

2o15 iV. Main Ave. 
735-9297 

YOWS said 

The Rev. R afael A. 
Munoz officiated at the wedding of Miss Eleanor 
Montez Trevino and Sam 
Molina, Saturday in the 
F irs t Mexican B aptist 
Church. 

Parents of the couple are Mr. and Mrs. Jesse 
T revino and M r. and 
Mrs. Benito Molina. 
Maid of honor was Syl­ via Molina. Bridesmaids were Rosie Ibarra, Nancy 
Adame, Rachel T. Ortega and P e a rl C aballero. 
Flower girls were Capri 
O rtega and 
D orcas 
Ortega. Ringbearer was 
Joey Roman. 
Serving as best man w as 
Rick 
A rispe. 
Groomsmen were Angelo 
Gonzales, Mario Adame, 

MRS. SAM MOLINA 
Abel O rtega and Noah 
R odriguez J r . U shers were Daniel Trevino and 
Samuel Ibarra Jr. 
After a reception at 
Beethoven Hall, the cou­ ple left on a wedding trip to Padre Island. 
Retirees 

Helping vou stay healthy and Happy is our only business. 

# 
Elegant furnishings 

9 
Well balanced meals 
9 Whirlpool bath 
9 Healthful climate 
9 
Fully staffed nursing unit available 

Private retirement accommodations 

'ro m $676 per month 

GENO EO I* O U R E R E S BR O C H U R E 
ALM T Im o 

 a*. v i'tq. ..a tirr". 

146 AURINE ORIVE « K E R R V L U E T E X A S TSOJS IS*2* 396 2323 

_____ 
SWE i'O . 

Wolfmans 

Houston 
San Antonio 

SPRING SALE 

OFF 

Bill Blass. Halston. 

Adele Simpson. Robert Courtney. 

Jerry Silverman. Mollie Parnis. 

Oscar de la Renta. Dominic Rompollo. 

Diane von Furstenberg. Anne Klein, 

 and many more. 

ONE WEEK ONLY 

215o E. Hildebrand between Broadway and* 
New Braunfels 

P a g e 
8 E 
Son Antonio EXPRESS NEW S— ‘Sunday April 17 1977 
Wear a bonnet proudly 

Yards of dramatic r By 

M A R Y T O M W E Y M A N tries on e arly Sa lva tio n A rm y bonnet w ith a helping hand from M rs. M aj. R a y m o n d C o ope r and M aj. C o o p e r 
PHOTOS BY RON JONES 

Beach fashions to be shown 

Fashions from 
Wolf- m an's will be modeled at the noon luncheon 
Wednesday in the Bright 
Shawl Tearoom. 
Theme of the show will be 
“ Sum m er 
W ard­ robes 
— 
B each and 
Evening.” 
Mrs. Harriet Wolfman 

 will commentate. Models will be Mmes. John R. 
Shaw, Seagal V'. Wheat­ ley J r . and K. 
Neal 
Kinzie. 
Models’ hair coiffures will be by Wallace’s. 
Mrs. William Fowlkes and Mrs. J a m e s Siever will be hostesses. 

IV Ives to be honorees o f 
Executive Secretaries 

San Antonio Chapter of 
E x ecutives’ S ecre tarie s 
Inc. will have its annual luncheon honoring E xe­ cutives’ Wives Saturday in La Louisiane resta u r­ ant. 
Mrs. Walter McAllister 

Jr. will be guest speaker. 
She will speak on the or­ g a n i z a tio n ’s c o rp o ra te th e m e for th e y e a r, 
“ Dare to Do.” 
Social hour will begin at 11:3o a.m ., followed by the noon luncheon. 

 history are tied into the bow on that fa­ miliar black bonnet 
— symbol of the Sal­ vation 
A rm y 
Wo­ m en’s Auxiliary. 
In c e le b ra tio n of the 
Golden 
Jubilee 
(1927- 
1977) of the 
Salva­ tion A rm y in the South­ e rn T e r r ito r y , USA. a 
‘‘Sonnets and B onnets” trib u te was paid at the 
Salvation Army Women's 
Auxiliary of San Antonio lu n c h eo n in O ak H ills 
Country Club. 
M rs. Col. C. S. T al- m adge of Norcross, Ga., w ro te, p ro d u c e d a n d played the m ajor role in the fast-paced p re se n ta ­ tio n . She is a lif e tim e 
“ Lassie” — us women in their Army are called. 
Spirited song and piano acco m p an im en t was by 
Maj. and Mrs. Maj. Ray­ mond Cooper of Dallas. 
Sm iles and toe-tapping ringed the guest tables. 
A row of bare-headed m rm s were crowned with a tre a s u re of h e a d g e a r dating back to the 18oo's. 
Each was modeled with a p p ro p ria te u niform of its day along with a spicy slic e of h is to ry an d c h a r m in g tu n e s of th e proper vintage. 

Catherine’s hat 

First on parade was a white ruffled deaconess bonnet with a white satin bow. Though unofficial, the little bonnet was worn 

L 

Our golden collection of fashion chains 

Vs Off 

Looping, swinging, twisting... 
14K gold chains 

Neckchains 

Bracelets 

Regular $29 to $18o 

'g?*rX‘f 

Regular $16 to $118 

Our exquisite fashion chains goes to many lengths, 15 to 3o inches, bracelets 7 to 8 inches. Italian imports in delicate 14K gold. 
Round, flat or twisted styles, to name a few. 

• In Our Jewelry D epartm ent a *** '’ 

 rn m T i i i g r a > a r ^ 3 a ■ gat.&py 

Spring shape-up sale 

All sale prices, in 

 effect thru April 23rd 

Flexing exerciser 

Enjoy thorough exercising with the flexing action of this X- franie: durable steel frame with vinyl sling. Folds to just five inches deep for compact storage. 

Compact wheel cycle 

Exclusive d is c -wheel drive pro- 
\ ides smooth, quiet action. 14- inch spoked wheel, sturdy steel frame. Variable tension control. 

R e g u la r $ 2 9 . 9 9 
2497 

R e g u la r $ 1 4 . 9 9 
97 

W heel cycles are setni-assernbled. 
• In Our Exercise Shop39 

Where America shop: 

 s e a r s , r o e b u c k a n d c o . 
Satisfaction Guaranteed or Your Money Back 

Downtown Plaza Store 
Soledad at Navarro 
Mon. and Thins. 9:3o-9 
AU other days 9:3o-o 

Military Drive Store at Pleasanton lid. 
Mon. thru Sat. 
9.3o-9 

Central Park Store 
San Pedro at Loop TIO 
Mon. thru Sat. 
9.3o-9 

LOIS HAASE___ 

 by Hie R ev. W illiam 
Booth’s wife, ('atherine, in h er first pu b lic a p ­ pearances. Booth, an a r­ d en t M ethodist ev a n g e ­ list, founded the m ove­ ment in 1865 in East Lon­ don under the nam e, The 
Christian Mission. 
C a th e rin e a p p e a r e d next in a tiny plain black b o n n et w ith a d a in ty w hite ruffle under the bill and a w h ite silk bow. 
Quite a contrast to the brig h t flow ers and e le ­ g an t p lu m ag e worn by women of that era. 
In 1878, the religious body was reorganized on m ilitary principals as the 
S a lv a tio n 
A rm y w ith 
Booth as the first gener­ al. 
Catherine, one of the firs t w o m en p u b lic speakers, laid the foun­ d atio n for th e fe m a le m inistry which has been so la rg e a p a rt of the 
A rm y . H u s b a n d s an d wives hold equal ran k and do equal jobs. They devote their lives in self­ less service and work shoulder-to-shoulder. 
T im e p a s s e d an d 
L assies a p p eared w ea r­ in g s m a ll c lo se -fitte d straw bonnets with black silk ribbons — with no ruffles. 
W ith th e r e o r g a n iz a ­ tion, new' designs were considered with their new black uniform s. D urabi­ lity , eco n o m y an d p r a c tic a lit y w ere stressed. 
Black straw, black silk ruffles and a side bow were considered. 
Irish 
Lassies added white in­ side th e ir bonnets and c a d ettes favored w hite lace. 

Brickbats 

Salvation is not always p o p u la r. 
H uge b r im s were designed to protect the Lassies from rotten eggs, squishy tom atoes and brickbats thrown as they m arched out to save the non-churchgoers of the world. 
F ro m the beginning, the nam e Salvation Army was linked with music. 
Rev. Booth re p o rte d ly said, “ ITI stand on m y head and beat the ta m ­ bourine with my toes if it will win one soul.” 
M any of the A rm y ’s tunes sounded identical to the s a u c y b a rro o m num bers pouring out the sw inging doors. L isten­ ing closely, the A rm y’s songs had salvation as th e ir th e m e. As Booth said, “ The devil’s not go­ ing to have all the good tunes.” 
C m d r. G eo rg e S co tt 
Railton and seven Lassies landed at the Battery in 
New York City in 188o. 
Their m arching feet and lu sty h y m n s in g in g announced the invasion of the Salvation Army in the 
USA d e c la rin g w a r on sin. 
T h e ir d a r k b o n n ets boasted a scarlet band. 
The tall-crowned straw 

____ 

M K S . IT. COL. G U Y HEPLER and M rs. Col. C. S. T a lm ad ge w e a rin g bon n e ts from the A rm y ’s y o u n g y e a rs 

 c a r r ie d th e S a lv a tio n 
A rm y sy m b o l on the band. 
The Civil War brought new m usic. Flags were unfurled and the Army m arched to cym bals and drum s chanting, “ They serve God best w ho serve their fellow m an.” 

Coal scuttles 

B o n n et b r im s g re w la r g e r an d c a r r i e d a m essage, 
“ Calling all from sin and darkness.” 
A bright red trim was added with flowing red ribbons. The large and w eig h ty b o n n e ts w ere n ic k n am e d “ coal s c u t­ tles.” 
A c c e p ta n c e of th e 
A rm y ’s p ro g ra m grew and the need for protec­ tion from public insult shrank. By 1879 a black sh in y s tr a w d e rb y r e ­ placed the coal scuttles. 
“ Slum Sister” was the nam e Lassies were given as they m arched carrying 
B ib les into a r e a s u n ­ harm ed where burly p o ­ lic e m en fe a re d to go alone. It was 1911, and th e y h ad p u t on d a rk d r e s s e s w ith w h ite aprons. Bonnets sported w ide b rim s once again with their red symbol as their key to safety in the slums. 
“ Over T here,” World 
War I exploded in 1914 and in 1917 the “ Donut 
G i r l s ” 
— w a r tim e 
L a ss ie s 
— s a ile d to 
France. Fighting dough­ boy w e re c o m fo rte d , their clothes mended and given coffee and donuts. 
The g irls ta lk e d , lis ­ tened and prayed. Donut 
G irls w ore brow n u n i­ form s and their bonnet was a shallow khaki-co- lored steel helmet — with no frills. 
New General vSalvation A rm y c h a ­ peroned dating, engage­ m ent and m a rria g e for its L a ss ie s. S alv a tio n 
Arm y officers ean only m a rry Salvation A rm y 
Lassies. 

After William Booth’s d eath in 1912, his son 
Bramwell succeeded him as general. In 1934, his daughter Evanglihe, who had served for 3o years as co m m an d e r in chief in th e U n ited S ta te s , b e ­ came the fourth general. 

Salvation Army troops pledge abstinance from in to x ic a tin g liq u o r, h a rm fu l d r u g s an d to ­ bacco. T h e ir songs r e ­ flected these beliefs. 

To a popular tune these words rang out: 

“ We never eat pretzels, 
Because we think, 
T h at people who eat them 
May also drink.” 

Salvation Army troops m arch ed on into other countries and expanded th e ir w ork into a vast network of social welfare agencies covering human ills. Their resources were m a d e a v a ila b le to all m e m b e rs of each co m ­ m u n ity , e s p e c ia lly in tim es of em ergency and disaster. 

Bonnets took different shapes as specialists in th e A rm y filed off to work. N urses wore white n u r s e s c a p s — stiffly starched. 
Senior Girl Guides set a red tam on their heads, 
J u n io r G uides chose a g r a y clo ch e and S u n ­ b e a m s p ic k ed a g ra y beanie with yellow tie. 
Salvation A rm y m usi­ cians, o rganists, bands­ m en, and songsters a p ­ peared wearing seaman type caps with red bands. 

J umpsuits 

At em ergiencies or dis­ asters, Lassies turn up wearing navy jumpsuits an d m a tc h in g tre n c h hats. 
Lassies serving as m is­ s io n a rie s in fo reig n countries adapted .their uniform to native styles. 
In India a Lassie m ay wear a purple sari and in 
K orea a m o re relax ed 

 uniform style. Bonnets g iv e w ay to c u s to m s . 
W hite u n ifo rm s keep nursing Lassies cooler in the tropics. 

Once again the derby- fashioned straw bonnet a p p e a re d w ith bow in back and red shield in fro n t. 
M u sic a lly , th e peppy pace continued as styles changed. Anyone who could play an instru­ m ent loud was welcome. 

The fam iliar L assies’ e c c le s ia s tic b o n n et no longer needs to protect them from flying fruit so the narrow brim is hold­ ing its own today. I f s co m fo rta b le , p ra c tic a l and simple. The big red bow on the sid e sta y s tied, with a narrow chin stra p keeping a breeze from stealing it. A n ar­ row red trim and insignia add finishing touches 
But th e 
S alv a tio n 
A rm y’s music is getting better. 
Well-performed m u s ic a ls an d ta le n te d m u s ic ia n s a r e s e llin g salvation. The music is at a fin er level, an d th e enthusiasm , the joy, the dedication is the sam e as the old “ fighting days.” 
M rs. 
Lt. 
Col. 
Guy 
Hepler of Dallas, who is 
Director of Women’s Ser­ v ices in the T e x a s D i­ vision, attended the J u ­ b ile e an d . sa id th a t 
“ wearing the bonnet” is one of the g r e a t e s t li­ festyles she knows. 
Mrs. Mary T om Wey- m an, president of the Sal­ vation A rm y W o m en ’s 
Auxiliary, tipped the lo­ cal Salvation Arm y bon­ n e t in a p p re c ia tio n to 
Maj. and Mrs. Maj. Wil­ liam K. M atthews, city co-ordinators; Myrtle Oe- fin g e r, Sun m a n a g in g editor; and Lois Haase, 
E xpress-N ew s club ed i­ tor. i 
“ In Your E aster Bon­ net” and “ Put On Your 
Old Gray Bonnet” have left their chapeau m ark in the musical world, but the Lassies’ bonnet has etched its image into the hearts and souls of many. 
Never on sundae 

“ King of tho Ice 
Cream Mountain” is a c h i ld r e n ’s play which opened Satur­ day at the San A n­ tonio 
F in e 
Arts 
Center. 
The production offers an a f te r - p e r f o r m a n c e treat — every child ean 
“ fix ” h i s / h e r own ice 

 c r e a m s u n d a e fro m a v a rie ty of flav o rs, to p ­ pings and garnishes. 
I MUST w a rn the t a ­ lented and well-meaning d r a m a co m p an y — ice c r e a m to d ay i s n ’t th e treat it used to be! 

Only a few years ago, th e a v e r a g e h o m e freezer - com partm ent. sp ace w as for ice-travs only. 
Ice cream was 

Look what Vogue says about a truly sate and effective reducing aid. 
H ungry 
« 
With th* mot! powerful reducing aid m ar ralaatad for public uta without a pratcriptioni 

Pnjple who nev er thought they could love wright now report knw» of 7 pounds. IO pounds, even 4o pounds in a short lime. 
It doesn t m atter w hat you've tried b e­ fore. lf you've starved yourself, sw eated through exercises, eat appetite-killing candies, all the thousands o f things o v er­ weigh! people try— H U N G R EX may well help when all else has failed. Think of what this can mean to you. 
Jus! take a tiny H U N GREX tablet he- fore m eals and banish those haled extra pounds as you banish hunger W hy'’ 
Because HUN GREX contains the most powerful reducing aid ever released for public use without a prescription. Sup­ presses hunger pangs so effectively. it ac- f i i i n r i r . r i c m ^ 
■ *uaUy limits the ability o f your body to 
CUBICALLY TESTED Complete literature and copes of produce ana Winn ho nee r sensations Re the an.de 'rom this leading medical loumai available lo your cl ii ct cir on request 
841*1 * i o u d o n t t e d h u n g ry , d o w n g o e s y o u r c a lo rie in take a n d d o w n g o e s 
FOB UU Head and follow y o u r w e igh ! label directions carefully 

 th* proof! 

When a reducing aid is so effective that an article is writer 
By a Protests), and ii appears rn a leading medical toumal. you snow it must work Here s wnat was said about 
HUNGREX wit!. Phenylpropanolamine 
Wa cant!iii* Ital mn drug ie se •fteettvu appetite am pm aeat We etee mectpd* Nut bitt drop cen c aw l a peroaived eaueasa la EM teak* ami reeace kady eatgpf " 

I X 

 b ai af to tektite 

(21-day supply} ONLY ' 3 * 

•steamy to e m teblete iC-day safety} 
ONCY * S i* SAW. l l n r e m adm stere 

 purchased by the dip at the neighborhood store. 

Or from a musical truck w hich w ound its w ay th r o u g h th e n e ig h b o r ­ hood a t n a p tim e on su m m er days. 

A v e ry s p e c ia l tr e a t w as a v is it to an ice c r e a m p a r l o r o r d r u g store w here a trained and ta le n t e d ‘‘so d a j e r k ” would perform m iracles with an ice cream scoop a n d m u lti-c o lo re d s y r ­ ups, sauces and fruits. 

A c h ild w ith only a nickel could still /witness and adm ire the sundaes, sodas, banana splits and floats o rd ered by m ore prosperous patrons at the bar. 

T o d ay ’s m o th e rs buy ice c r e a m by the h alf gallon carton and store it in larger freezer com­ partm ents. Children to­ day ta k e ice c re a m for g r a n te d . T h e th rill of over the counter creative desserts is unknown. 
O nce, on m y s o n ’s birthday 
I departed fro m th e c o n v e n tio n a l cake and ice cream tr a ­ ditio n . I s p e n t se v e ra l hours and several dollars p u r c h a s in g b a n a n a s , multi-colored ice cream s and toppings. I provided nuts, whipped cream and cherries. 
T he d e c o ra te d ta b le was a birthday bonanza of ice c r e a m g o o d ies which would put 31 fla­ vors to sh a m e . I could hardly wait to h ear the children squeal with de­ lig h t w h en th ey d is c o ­ vered they could c re a te th e ir own su n d a e s and banana suprem es. 

“ Y uk!” the*first child in line grim aced when he saw the straw b e rry top­ p in g . 
“ W h a t’s th a t stuff?” He wouldn’t even taste it. 

A m adam of the drug store soda counter, 
I stepped in and explained the gourm et delight of a b a n a n a sp lit. “ Do you want one?” I asked 'the second child. 

“ FII take a b a n a n a ,” sh e said . “ B ut I d o n ’t want ice cream on it. . . an d I d o n ’t w a n t th e peeling all the way o ff.. . and I don’t w ant any of that . . . ” she pointed to the hot fudge. 

T he s t r a w b e r r y ice c r e a m w a s n ’t touched. 
One child took chocolate ice cream with whipped c r e a m . 
He a te th e whipped eream and left a bowlful of melted choco­ late goo. 
Only one youngster at th e p a r ty a g r e e d to a banana split. She ate the vanilla dip and left ever­ ything else — including the banana — in the dish! 
I a d m ir e the 
San 
Antonio Fine Arts Center for p ro v id in g c h ild re n with a super thrill they h a v e n ’t know n before. 
But I offer th is ad v ice based on experience: 
Today’s children don’t know a S u n d ae fro m a 
M ondae! And w h en it co n ies to ice c r e a m — they take it straight: 

M m & m m 

San Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— Sunday April 17 1977 

Rag doll brownies weave a magic spell 

Q. 
“ I purchase everything relating to the Brownies 
Betty, 
Montague, 
Mass. 
A. Palmer Cox intro­ duced his beloved 
Brownies in St. Nicholas m agazine in 1883, and presto, ch ildren of all ages fell u n der their spell. 
The first book, “ The 
Brownies. Their Book” 

Current 
Buck 
Rogers pocket watch, 25th century, In­ graham, 1935 .. . . $2HU.OO 
Heisey glass cocktail shaker, rooster head t o p 
..............$35.oo 
Norma Shearer silver- plated spoon 
$8.oo 
License plates. Virginia, 
1929, pair$14.oo1augh-Iti pa per­ d u e s............................ $7.oo 
Playing carss, Rock Is­ land Railroad, complete deck.......................... $14.oo 

 published in 1887 and the other twelve books p er­ taining to the adventures of the Brownies, are all on flea market bestseller lists. 
By the early 19oos, nu­ merous Brownie collecti­ bles appeared, including pap erd o lls. rag dolls, gam es, rubber stam ps, toys, fig ures, spoons, scarf pins, stickpins and various tablew are and dresser top accessories. 
Even 
Ladies Home 

 prices 
Raisin, seeder, “ The 
"Everitt’ .................$24.oo 
Victorian what-not, 
5 shelves, corner type, m ahogany 
$225.oo 
•Jane Withers scrapbook, 
25 p a g e s...................$2o.oo 
Alice in Wonderland doll, 
Madeame Alexander, 
192os.........................$45.oo 

P le a se note: P rices may vary depdneing on condition and geographic location. 

.Journal m agazines featuring stories and il­ lustrations by the talent­ ed 
Cox datin g from between 1891 and 191o are e agerly bagged by 
Brownie buffs. 
Value guide: book. 
“ Another Brownie Book” 
$25; silv erp lated m ug, 
$23. 
Data 

Q. “ Have you any data on the Shell and Seaweed p attern of 
E tru sc a n 
M a jo lica?” 
—Kate, 
White City, Ore. 
A. 
M em bers of the 

ENGAOSMEIttS 

McCain mon-Hord 
C atherine 
Ann 
McCammon, daughter of 
Mrs. Lorena Pinson and the late V.J. McCammon, is engaged to Billy Ray fiord, son of Mr. and 
M rs. 
Coy fiord of 
Winters. 
The b ride-elect is a graduate of Marble Falls 
High .School. She attend­ ed the University of Tex­ as at Austin and received a B.S. degree in elemen­ tary education from Tar­ 

 lto n State University. 
Her fiance graduated from 
W inters 
High 
School. He is a December candidate for graduation from Tarleton State Uni­ versity where he w ill re­ ceive a B.S. degree in a g ric u ltu re education. 
He is a memeber of Al­ pha Zeta. 
The wedding is planned for Ju n e 3 in 
Sherwood Baptist Church in Marble Falls. 

Toubin-Weiner 
Mr. and Mrs. Jim m y 
Toubin announce the en­ gag em en t of th eir daughter, Cheryl Helene, to Robert Neil Weiner, son of Mr. and Mrs. 
Arthur Weiner. 
The b rid e-elect is a gra d u a te of R obert E. 
Lee High School. She re­ ceived a B A. degree in sociology from the Uni­ versity of Texas at Austin where she w as a member of Alpha Epsilon Phi. She is a candidate for May g rad u atio n from Ohio 
State University School of Social Work where she 

 will receive a m a ste r’s degree. lier fiance attended 
Thomas Jefferson High 
School and g ra d u a te d summa cum laude from 
P rin ceto n 
U niversity with a B.A. degree in public and international a ffa irs. 
He was a m e m b e r of Phi Beta 
Kappa. He will receive his J.D. degree in May from Yale Law School where he is editor of the law journal. 
A May w edding is planned in 
T em ple 
Beth-El. 

Kruse-Walz 
Mr. and Mrs. Joseph 
P. Kruse announce the en gagem ent of th eir daughter. Barbara Jean, to Robert Charles VValz 
Jr. of Helotes. He is the son of Mr.and Mrs. Ro­ b ert C harles Walz of 
Helotes. 
The brid e-elect is a g ra d u a te of John M ar­ shall High School. She is a can d id ate for 
De­ cember graduation from the University of Texas 
N ursing School at San 

Buys- 
Theresa Marie Buys of 
Huntsville, daughter of 
Alene Buys and Norbert 
F. Buys, is engaged to 
Frederick Vaughn Phil­ lips of College Station. 
His parents are Mr. and 
Mrs. Bobby D. Phillips. 
The b ride-elect is a g rad u ate of McCollum 
High School. She g r a ­ duated from W harton 
School of Dental Hygiene 

Antonio where she will receive a B.S. degree in nursing. 
Her fiance graduated from John Marshall High 
School and Rice Univer­ sity with a B.S. degree in accounting. He was a m em b er of the Rice R 
Club, Scuba Club, and the Rice Alumni Asso­ ciation. 
A Ju n e 4 wedding is planned in Our Lady of 
G u ad alupe 
Catholic 
Church at Helotes. 

Phillips w here she was a member of the American Society of Preventive Denistry and the Dental Hygienist 
Association. 
Her fiance is a g r a ­ duate of McCollum High 
School and is attending 
Texas A&M University. 
The w edding is planned for June ll in St. 
L a w ren c e ’s 
Catholic 
Church. 

Dickson 
Miss 
S and ra 
Lynn 
Dickson, d a u g h te r of daj. and Mrs. Charles 
-V. Dickson III, is en­ caged to Michael Edwin daas of College Station. 
Ie is the son of Lt. Col. md Mrs. Edwin R. Maas fr. of Fort Worth. 
The brid e-elect is a graduate of Oliver Wcn- lell Holmes High School. die attended San Antonio 
College and Southw est 

•Maas 
Texas State University. 
Her fiance graduated from Western Hills High 
School in Fort Worth. Ile is a senior at Texas A&M 
U niversity where he is m a jo rin g in physical education and is a mem ber of the Corps of 
Cadets. 

An Aug. 2o wedding is planned in the Kelly AFB 
Chapel. 

Dickson-Nelson 

Maj. and Mrs. Charles 
W. Dickson III announce the engagement of their daughter, Danette Dick­ son of Bryan, to Barry 
Craig Nelson of Bryan. 
Ile is the son of Travis E. 
Nelson-of Bryan and the late Mrs. Dorothy Nel­ son. 
The b ride-eleet is a graduate of Holmes High 
School. She is majoring in physical education at 

Hannasch-Smith 

Mr. and Mrs. Henry J. fannasch Jr. announce lie engagement of their aughter, Janice Rae, to lan dau Nit* S m ith of 
K ansas P ass, son of 
Irs. Peggy Sm ith and racy Smith. 
The brid e-elect is a ra d u a te of C hurchill 
Ugh School. She is a t­ 

 tending St. Phillip's Col­ lege. 
Her fiance graduated from Robert E. Lee High 
School and is serving in the U. S. Coast Guard. 

A J u n e 4 w edding is planned in St. Gregory the 
G reat 
Catholic 
Church. 

Stone-Miller 

. and Mrs. Robert 
:one announce the gem en t of their h ter, T e re sa Ann e, to M ichael W. sr, son of Mr. and 
Eugene Miller. 

The brid e-elect is a g ra d u a te of Robert E. 
Lee High School. Her fiance grad uated from 
Highlands High School. 
The w edding is planned for May 28. 

 mojolica collecting fra­ ternity prize this ware produced in Phoenixville. 
Pa., between 1879 and 
189(1 by Griffin, Smith and Hill. 
Most pieces bear the firm s GSH monogram or the words Etruscan Ma­ jolica, either together or separately. The sought after Shell and Seaweed design is enjoying a wave of popularity, prompting ever higher prices. 

Value pat, $22; pitcher. 

 guide; b u tter creamer, $1oo; 
6 inches tall, 

$125; teapot. $15o. 
Q. “ We are anxious to obtain information on a cut glass nappy signed 
‘Taylor’.’’ -—Sarah. Day­ ton, Tex. 
A. 
The 
Taylor 
B rothers, William and 
Lafayette, were extraor­ dinary glass craftsmen of the Brilliant Period oper­ ating in P hiladelphia between about 19o2 and 
1915. 
Originally they formed a partnership with John 
II. Williams operating as 
Taylor Brothers & Wil­ liams. but by 19o4 the 

 firm was renamed Taylor 
Brothers. 
Despite their superior cut glass productions, the company was beset with financial problems which eventually caused them to cease operating. 
Many pieces were marked “Taylor” . “ Tay­ lor Brothers” or with a cipher of the letters “ T” and “ B ” . 
Locating a signed spe­ cimen is reason for re­ joicing. Value guide; 
N appy, 6 inches d ia ­ meter. $55. 
Q. “ I’m seeking prices 

 on personality pinback buttons.” —Frank, Para­ mount, Calif. 
A. 
P erso n ality and ch aracter pinback but­ tons of y estery ear are wanted, and lucky you if several pop out of the bureau d ra w e r. Many were distributed as pre­ m ium or ad v e rtisin g items. 
Who were some of the faces peering from these buttons? Well, just about everybody from Alley 
Oop to Betty Boop! 
Value guide: Babe Ruth baseball club, $6; Betty 

Boop, $4; Charles Lind­ bergh. $5; Cisco Kid, $4; 
Judy (Jarland. Wizard of 
Oz. $8; Lone Ranger, $5; 
Shirley Temple, $5; Tom 
Mix, $4; Wimpy, SIH. 
Appraise your antiques with Dan D 'Im p e rio ’s book and value guide, 
“ The ABC’s of Victorian 
Antiques” , Dodd. Mead & 
Co., $9.95. 
An autographed copy may be ordered from the 
Crown Syndicate, Inc., 
Express-News, Box 2171, 
San Antonio, Tex. 78297. 
Please include a check or money order. 
Brownie Rag Doll 

Texas A&M University w here she is a member of 
Chi Omega. lier fiance graduated from Bryan High School and Texas A&M Univer­ sity. He is working on his master's degree at Texas 
A&M University. 

The couple plans a 
Ju n e ll w edding in 
Central Baptist Church in 
Bryan. 

Pricen good thru 
Thursday, April 
19tli. Prices also good Sunday at 
Broadway Store. 

Don 7 forget 
B O S IS 
WEDNESDA Y 
Uh, 'n you may 
SAVE IOVt. 
1 5 % .2 o % . 

R 6 M N $ 
ENTIRE STOCK OF 
PATTERNS... 
25% 

OFF 
Reg- 
Price! 

WEA VERS CLOTH 

Pre- Washed 
BR USHED DENIM 

45 
W ide IOO% Cotton. 
Good selection o f colors for 
Spring alw ays first 
(futility. 
Peg. 2.98 

Solid Color 
STRETCH TERRY CLOTH 

For distinctive fashion select from p retty fashion. 
Select from p retty spring luscious colors. 45 wide 
5o% polyester. 5o% Cot- 

 lon- 
Reg. S L W 

Woven 
SEERSUCKER 

4 5 ” wide, polyester it cotton. 
Machine wash. 
I our favorite 
Krinkle Plaids & Stripes. 
Reg. $2 .8 8 
$197 

 yd. 

M I P 
SHIPM 

OPEN WEA VE 
DRAPERY 

Bright fashion colors that make a n y home look swell. 

6o" wide, acrylic & p oly ester great Spr ing & Sum m er fashion f o r the young at 
Heart. 
Super 
Selection 

CALICO 
PRINTS 

45" W ide IOO% Cotton Fresh it* IS etc it Bright. A ll for that dress or Blouse. 
Just in time fo r Spring. 
Reg. S1.9B 
88 
<t 
I 

 yd. 

1oo% 
Polyester 

INTERLOCK 
KNIT PRINTS 

OO" wide. Beautiful selection o f 
New Sfir ing Colors For New 
Fashion Look. 

IOO% PO LYESTER 
6o" Machine Wash 
Lining Look 
Double Knits 

Reg. 
$2.88 $1 48 yd. 

Carefree Fashion 
T-SHIRT 
KNITS 

For the "in fashion Look". Find-it in knit tops. 
Polyester & cotton. Light weight 6o" wide. 
Huge array o f prints & stripes. 
Reg. $2.98 

SKIRT HOOK 
S I OO 

For the women a ho likes better fashion. $1 77 

 yd. 

933 PLEASANTON 
(■Kona No. 9 2 3 -7 7 1 5 

8125 MEADOW LEAF DR. 
Comor of Morboch Id . and lo o p 4 
•hon* No. 673-7161 
OWN 6 DAYS A WIEK 
M o 9 : J O 1M .-9 M I. Sal. 9:3o-1 M I 

11425 PERRIN BEITEL RD. 
Phono No. 6 5 3 -9292 
OWN 6 DAYS A WEEK 
A n . 9:Jo U M M I Sal 9:3o * M I 

4815 BROADWAY 
Alamo Haight* 
Phono No. 124-244o 
OPEN 6 DAYS A WEIK 
Mon.-Fri. 9:3o A.M. 
9 P.M. Sun. 11 til 6 

PKG. 
STITCH 

For 

2 PEGS. 
Niiii.it nu -rn A / ) 
W I T C H E R Y w i U U 

Page 
I o-E 
San Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— Sunday April I 7 1977 

 dent corner 
P 
' l i F c o r n e r + + + p r o b l e m c o r n e r + + + p r o b l e m c o r n e r 
* + * 
BScorner pro TI ai 
■\ 
Did Kate the shrew win or lose? 

The ever-contemporary 
Shakespeare made fun of all aspects of human nature, however low' or lofty, so it’s no wonder he devoted an entire play to lampooning women’s lib. 
R em em ber what happens to Kate the shrew? 
She sells out to that m ale chau­ v inist sw ine P etru ch io i a fte r he slaps her around a bit, brainwashes her into believing the moon is the sun. and then gives h er w hat all strid e n t w om en a re su p p o sed to want (only they just won’t adm it it) 
— a good wedding and bedding. 
H av in g a c h ie v ed th e d e s ire d degree of lobotomized compliance, 
P etruchioi m arc h es Kate-the-con- vert out at the end of the fifth act to show h e r off. K ate, a lw a y s an over-achiever, chastises the other women of Padua for not being total women. too. 
“ I am asham ed that women are so simple, to offer war where they should kneel for peace, or seek for rule, suprem acy, and sway, when they are bound to serve, love and obey.” Curtains! 
The Tam ing of the Shrew would play to slings and arrows at a NOW convention. 

•By------------------------------------ — 
MARY LOU WEISMAN 

But considering the present state of the w o m an ’s m ovem ent which has pitted sister against sister, les­ bian a g a in s t h e te ro s e x u a l, housewife against businesswomen, 
Ms. against Mrs., Kate’s sell-out is beginning to look like a happy end­ ing. The recent split in the NOW leadership has m erely politicized this tension. 
Dive 

After IO years of fanatic feminist anger, it’s easy to understand why 
Rate took a dive. Too much fanati­ c is m not only d e b ilita te s and dehumanizes its victims, but even­ tually consumes the fanatics them-* selves. 
F a n a t ic i s m b re e d s c o n te m p t. 
W hether it be sexist, political, reli­ gious or racist, fanaticism is dog­ m atic and therefore u n n atu rally limiting, allowing as it does for only heroes or villains. Few of us are either. 
Most women would support equal political, educational, vocational and fiscal opportunities (even if they m ight not chose to take advan­ tage of those rights them selves). 
But more and more feminists are 

 becoming increasingly alarm ed by their own adam ance which, as the word itself suggests, threatens to turn out hearts to stone. 
A “ girl” need not m arry and she need not be “ as soft and as pink as a nursery,” but does that mean that 

(Editor's note: Mary-Lou 
Weidman is a freelance hu­ morist specializing in out­ rage. When she is not lanc­ ing political excesses, she de­ votes herself to tilting at eter­ nal verities.) 

 she m ust become hardened into a sorority Amazon, saluting power with a clenched fist? 
Fury unleashed in the nam e of feminism has driven some women to assume preposterous rhetorical postures, such as the now voguish claim that a woman is not truly liberated unless she has had at least one lesbian experience. 
This kind of sexual grotesquerie is not without precedent. The Amazon women, according to Greek myth, used to cut off one breast in order to shoot a bow and arrow more easily. 
Common sense suggests that a wo­ 

 man ought not to have to mutilate her own nature in order to fulfill it. 
Fem inists are causing themselves and each other more grief in the nam e of sisterhood than a trough- full of m ale chauvinist pigs. 

For a woman even to suggest that another woman is somehow unsuc­ cessful because she feels contented and useful rearing children, baking cakes and cleaning house is not only contem ptuous and arro g a n t, but also suggests that the critic may not feel so serene about dropping her three-year-old off at a day care cen ter in o rd er to actualize her potential in law school. 

R ad ical fe m in is ts would have disdained my great-grandm other. 
She darned socks so perfectly and with such p leasu re and devotion that »my great-grandfather used to kiss her hands and call them “ gol­ den.” 

Her daughter became a business partner in her husband's store. Her granddaughters, in turn, inherited the golden hands. One becam e a sculptor; the other’s paintings hang in m useum s throughout the world. 
And one of her great­ grandchildren went to col­ lege, earned a Phi Beta Kappa key, m arried and gave birth to a physi­ 

 cally handicapped child. She will stay home and care for him for most of the rest of her life. She finds liberation in her confinement. 
Judge 

Who shall judge these women and by what standard? Some of them did what they wanted to do. Some of them did what they had to do. Why ca n ’t we celebrate them all, and 
Gloria Steinem, too? 
Some women have lots of “ op­ tions,” that open sesam e password to true liberation. 
Feminist 
Fanatics 
Part I 

Options are well-worth fighting for, but the real issue (as my nearly optionless great-grandm other knew unconsciously yet so well) is not how' m a n y o p tio n s we can g re e d ily am ass, but how m any responsibi-. lities we can lovingly and faithfully discharge. 

Radical fem inists are behaving like the very cats those male chau­ vinists always said we were, swip­ ing away at those of our sisters who would ra th e r c a rry grocery bags than attac h e cases — yes, s o m e ­ times even “ after the children have grown up.” 
Snobs 

If the movement does not purge itself of its m o re-lib era ted -th an - thou snobs, fem inism is doomed. 
Sisterhood m eans nothing if it does not erace all siste rs with e n th u ­ siasm, concern and respect. 
Perhaps a blast of righteous in­ dignation and fanaticism was re ­ quired to launch a feminist move­ ment to secure rights long denied women in a society where sexism was so firmly entrenched. 

But now that a decade of dust is settling, it is time to re-examine the question of our own fem inity — whether there is such a quality that 
.we have neglected and. if there is, how to m ake feminity consistent with feminism. 

Let’s look at some of the questions about m asculinity and fem inity which irritate radical fem inists in the second of this two part series in 
Monday’s Express. 
Bachelor is balking 

DEAR ABBY: I am a reason­ ably attractive, well-mannered bachelor in my late 3os who re­ ceives many social invitations. 
I recently turned down an invitation to a dinner party. I frankly told the hostess that I was no longer accepting invitations that did not allow m e to bring my own date. Very irately she told m e that if I didn’t want to go to parties alone I should get married. 
Why do so many people think a sin­ gle person should be eager to accept invitations to go to a party alone? I always feel like a fifth wheel, or else I get stuck with a dateless woman who s h a r e s m v e m b a r r a s s m e n t . Am I wrong? SINGLE SIMON 
DEAR SIMON: If you’d rather bring your ow n date than gam ble on w hat the hostess has paired you off with, say so. 
But m o st b e c h lo rs a r e in v ite d to parties to provide escorts for the single women. 
And I’d like to see the dateless wo­ man who would feel “ em b arra ssed ” to find h e r d in n e r c o m p a n io n a reasonably attractive, well-m annered bachelor. 

Come meet 
Harvey Haigh ... internationally famous hair stylist 

April 18 through the 22, internationally renowned 
Harvey Haigh will appear at the Joske's Beauty 
Salons. He will be at the Downtown store Monday and Tuesday; North Star, Wednesday, Thursday and Friday. Mr, Haigh has been associated with some of Europe's finest and most famous salons, appeared on television, masterminded the hair styles of couture fashion shows and is currently a style director of one of the leading specialty store salons in the United States. Mr. Haigh believes that true beauty expression arises from the way a woman feels about herself and her appearance. He will consult with you personally and tell you what he believes will best bring out your individuality and beauty. When you leave, it will be at your most beautiful. You will find him an exceptional man and artist. His shampoo, cut and styling, 
25.oo. Color and perming by consultation. Call tomorrow for an appointment. Downtown, 227- 
4343, North Star, 341-6666, ext. 3o4. 

JOSKE’S ma A UNIT OF ALLIED STORES 

Doctor practices good PR 

E veryone has a problem . W hat’s yours? For a personal reply, write to 
ABBY: Express-N ew s, Box 2171, San 
A ntonio. 
T ex. 
78297. 
E n clo se a stam p ed , se lf-a d d r esse d en v elo p e, please. 

DEAR ABBY: For a long tim e I ve suspected that my husband had an a p a r tm e n t or room or g ir lf rie n d som ew here because he would leave home in a gray suit and come back in navy blue. 
When I first called him on this, he tried to m ake m e believe I was losing my mind. 
I am su re th ere is nothing w rong with me, and he is obviously changing clothes somewhere. What do you think of a man like that? - ALLENTOWN 
HOUSEWIFE 

DEAR HOUSEWIFE: 
I think your husband has: (I) m ore suits than he needs; (2) a closet elsew here; (3) a very poor memory. 

Periodically, someone comes up with a simple idea that is so good that it just has to be shared. 
One such cam e across my desk in a news release from the “ Medical Econ­ om ics” people. 
The news release began as follows: 
“ Although a recent Patient Attitude 
Study conducted by ‘Medical Econo­ m ics’ magazine showed that doctors no longer enjoy the prestig e they once did. one fa m ily p h y sic ia n d o e s n ’t worry about his im age with his p a­ tients. 
' 
“ He encloses a chatty, friendly letter with each monthly statem ent, and the public relations device has been so successful that even paid-up patients ask to be kept on his mailing list. 
Letter 
“ Dr. Bernard P. Harpole, a general practitioner and surgeon with a large family practice in Portland, wrote his first letter to his patients more than 24 years ago: 
“ Dear Friends, This is m y attem pt to m ake bills a little jess distasteful. 
My plan is to enclose al letter like this with each bill. 

INSIGHTS 

Dr. M enninger invites your com ­ ments and questions. Write to him in care of the San Antonio Express, P.O. 
Box 2171, San Antonio, Tex., 78297. 
Because of the volume of m ail, he cannot answer each individually but will handle questions of general inter­ est in his column. 

“ In it. PII try to keep you informed about things in medicine that I think you’ll be interested in and to suggest 
Let s hear it for stewardesses 
Dear Ann Landers, Friends 
*and Relatives: I am a female flight attendant. (Formerly known as a stewardess or air hostess.) 
F o r six an d a half y e a r s I have worked for one of the m ajor airlines. I cannot describe my feelings when I turned on the TV recently and heard a popular female comedienne answer the question, “ What is your definition of a flight attendant?” She replied, “ A tram p .” 
This “ tram p ” spent eight weeks in intensive training to earn her wings. I can serv e cocktails and a com plete meal (from soup to nuts) in one hour and fifteen minutes. Three flight at­ te n d a n ts can ta k e c a re of 114 p a s ­ sengers. 
I am trained to treat medical prob­ lem s r a n g in g fro m s c r a tc h e s an d burns to broken lim bs and heart at­ tacks. I can handle any em ergency, including artificial respiration. 
I’ve been given instructions on how to evacuate a plane in a m atter of se­ conds. Our m ajo r concern is for the safety of the passengers. Some of my co-workers have lost their lives in an effort to save yours. 
I am a babysitter. I have changed diapers, w arm ed bottles and fed in­ fants so a tired mother could rest or take care of a second child. 
I have cajoled, counseled and hu­ mored passengers who are frightened, lonesome, intoxicated and just plain obnoxious. 
I have listened patiently to people who need to tell a stranger their trou­ b les — so rt of a ‘‘sk y -b a s e d Ann 
Landers,” you might say. 
I work very hard — harder than most 

' .v . 
- i f s ^ ‘ j 
% 
- 
* 
- 
, 

Y o u r lu ck w ith th e s ta rs 

MONDAY, April 18 y o u r Bi r t h d a y t o d a y : a solar eclipse at 5:35 a.m. EST is a starting point for a new dis­ pensation in your life. It s a sign of bigger things to come if v o u re in o new job. lf y o u 're in on old job, be ready to change, move, perhaps upward and on short notice, as a break from the post arrives unexpectedly 
Today 's natives include many p o litic ia n s , p h ilo s o p h e rs , teachers. Those born this year w ill cut loose from tradition as soon as they are m ature enough to manage on their own 
AIRES 
(March 21-April 
19): 
Begin new projects now, but first see what situations exist, any business left over from the oast. 
Concerns of you n gsters take center of the stage. 
TAURUS (April 1o-May 2o): 
At peak of persuasive powers, suddenly you're in the m iddle, In position to tip a ba la n ce. C a ­ reful! A pparently triv ia l moves have broad repercussions. 
GEMINI (May 21-June 2o): 
F a rm out a few w e ll-d e fin e d m issions, but m a in ly, your In- 

 r By 
JEANE DIXON 

 volvem ent counts m ost. E m o ­ tional ties are m ore o b v io u s ; som ebody's intense feeling s sur- 
Drise you. 
CANCER (June 21-July 22): 
U se your c re a tiv e ta le n ts to redesign your lifestyle, seek the status and em ploym ent to sus­ tain it. In hom e-neighborhood areas, let well enough alone. 
EEO (July 23-Aug. 22): 
A li­ kely shot at what you want isn't so simple, but you've oil to gam, little to lose by trying. Play for the long-term, what looks tem ­ porary is anything but. 
VIRGO (Aug. 23-Sept. 22); 
Pull scattered threads together, m a ke p o s s ib le w h a t seem ed hopeless not long ago. In large or sm a ll item s the e m p h a sis ch an g es, a sh ift of d ire c tio n begins. 
LIBRA (Sept. 23-Oct. 22): it sticking to old plans, you must add extras, vet can do well as things fa ll in pla ce n a tu ra lly . 

M edical problems rem ain m inor if taken care of prom ptly. 
SCORPIO (Oct. 23-Nov. 21): 
A sk for a ll you've earned, an a d v a n c e or b o n u s. N e w s is cheering, critical points reached and weathered. Stop to celebrate before getting into new decisions. 

SAGITTARIUS <Nov. 22-Dec. 
21): lf nothing goes right, per­ sist. State y o u r p re fe re n c e s , which group you'd rather join. 
Pledges, contracts with m otiva­ tion oth e r th a n m o n e y a re favored. 
CAPRICO RN (Dec. 22-Jan. 
19): You're in fine shape to pick up previous plans, bu* be sure co n d itio n s a re s till fe a s ib le . 
B rin g in m ore people for sup­ port, votes, anything called for, 
AQUARIUS (Jan. 2o-Feb. 18): 
Set your mind at ease on where you stand, then lay groundwork for career changes. This is your best chance to d e c la re in te n ­ tions, ask serious questions. 
PISCES (Feb. 19-March 2o): 
This week is politicking, getting to know people. Changes made now ore ir re v e rs ib le , lf you leave you can't go back; if you do, it's a whole new ball game. 

 things occasionally that will prevent illness later.” 
“ That letter was dated July 25, 1952, and there’s been another like it every m onth Since. His le tte r re m a in s a folksy, readable way of educating his patients m edically and keeping doc­ tor-patient relations warm. 
“ Ile discusses sym ptom s and treat­ ment of usual ills and includes a good deal of c o m m o n -se n se a d v ice and reassurance.” 
Of course, the idea as described has an obvious relevance to other doctors. 
But it need hardly stop there. 
Bill 
For instance, how much m ore pala­ table a bill might be from the plum ber if there were enclosed some thoughts about what we might do on a regular basis to prevent plumbing problems. 
Or, when we get that bill from the clothing store for the new suit or dress, how nice it would be to get something with hints for the care of the clothing, spot removal, etc. They m ight even provide some household hints. 
All too often, big stores just see the bill as another opportunity to m ake a sale. Accompanying the computerized monthly sta te m en t from the depart- 

 people realize — both m entally and physically. Please Drint this letter so your readers will understand what the life of a flight attendant is really like. 
I’m — Proud Of Me 
Dear Proud: You have a right to be. 
I ’ve seen you and your winged sisters work feverishly to get everyone fed, tray tables rem oved and passengers strapped in before landing. Sometimes you m ake it by a m atter of seconds. 
It’s extraordinary! 
L e t’s h e a r it for th e d e d ic a te d , hard -w o rk in g flight a tte n d a n ts who keep a sm ile on th e ir faces afte r a grueling day that may have begun at 5 a.m., for all we know. 

Dear Ann Landers; 
Do I have a problem or is it my mother who has one? I am a girl, age 14. 
It seems that whenever I am dressing or undressing, my mother walks in on me. I have to grab nearest thing to cover myself. Then she goes into a rage and scream s, “ What is the m atter with you? Why do you get upset when I come in and see you naked? After all, I ’m your m other!” 
All I can say is I feel em barrassed to have ANYONE see me naked. Please don’t suggest a lock on the door. I already have and Mother won’t hear of it. 
I told her I was writing to you and she said, “ Fine. I’d like to hear what Ann 
Landers has to say on the subject.” So here I am . Ann. What’s your message? 
No Stripper In G.C. 
Dear N.S.: 
Some 14-year-old girls don’t mind if their m others see them naked. 
Since you obviously DO mind, I feel your m other should respect your right to privacy — just as you would respect hers. A knock on a closed door before 

If you have a problem let Ann Landers help you solve it. Write Ann Landers, care of the Express-News, P.O. Box 
2171, San Antonio, Tex., 782597. 

 entering is nothing m ore than good manners. 
Don’t get burned by a “ line” that’s too hot to handle. Play it cool with Ann 
L anders’s guide to “ Necking and P et­ ting — What Are the Lim its?’ Send your re q u e s t to Ann L a n d e rs , E x p re s s - 
News, Box 2171, San Antonio, Tex. 
78297, enclosing 5o cents in coin and a long, sta m p e d , self-addressed enve­ lope. 

 m ent store, or the oil company or the ban k c a rd co m p a n y , is l i t e r a t u r e pushing other items for sale. 
T h e re is so m u c h e m p h a s i s on selling; no one seems to think that they might really score with the consum er if they included a different kind of m es­ sage. 
Except Dr. Harpole, of course. And there are some other rare exceptions; some telephone companies include a little printed sheet which occasionally has some useful bit of inform ation; much of the tim e it’s just trivia. 
How p le a s a n t it is w hen th e custom er/patient/consum er is treated as a person who has a brain, who can understand what is happening, and who is interested in preventing future problems. The experience may be an unexpected bonus, w hich m a k e s it doubly appreciated. 
The practice of sending some useful information along with the monthly bill obviously takes som eone’s tim e and energy. And I doubt that Dr. Harpole started doing it just to improve collec­ tions. 
Indeed, I suspect he enjoys the op­ portunity to sh a re som ething m ore with his patients as im portant persons in his life. . 
So th re e ch eers for Dr. H arpole. 
Since he’s been writing his letters for 
24 years, one can hardly say it’s new idea. 
Yet because it is so sim p le and powerful and rarely practiced, it is worth passing on. The good doctor’s example is one that many of the rest of us could profitably follow, in m ore ways than one, whatever our profes­ sion. 
Dr. M enninger’s most popular w rit­ ings are now available in his new book, 
H A PP IN E SS W ITHOUT SEX AND 
OTHER THINGS TOO GOOD TO MISS. 
This 2o4-page cloth-bound book is ideal as a gift to a friend or loved one or as a valuable source in your own per­ sonal library. 
Send only $5.95 (postpaid) to HAP­ 
PINESS, Express-News, Box 2171, San 
Antonio, Tex. 78297. 
Dr. M en n in g er invites your co m ­ ments and questions. Write to him in care of this newspaper. Because of the volume of mail, he cannot answer each individually but will handle questions of general interest in his column. 

The smart new framed solitaire emphasizes the majestic diamonds in these stunning new 14 karat yellow gold wedding sets. A. Marquise, $475, 
B. Round diamond, $5oo. C. Pear-shaped, $675. 

Something Beautiful for Everyone. 

Fine Jewelers Since 1H78 
163 E. Houston Street / North Star Mall 
Windsor Park Mall 

I ’m* oiu* o f H e r t z b e r g ’s c o n v e n ie n t charet* p la n s o r 

A m e r ic a n E x p r e s s . B a n k A in e r ie a r d , M a s te r ( . b a rg e . 

M a il a u d P h o n e I n q u irie s I n v ite d : (5 1 2 ) 2 2 6 -9 3 7 4 / 311-2.>66 / 6 5 1 -1 2 3 o 

P le a se a d d sales tax w h e re a p p lic a b le p ills $2 fo r p ostag e a n d b u n d lin g . 

World diamond prices have just been raised. Now is the time to buy & take advantage of yesterday's prices. 

Son Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— Sunday April I 7 I 977 * 
Page > I I >E 

^uwrrroc'Sii; 

Good HcuMfcMpng < 
Ik 
MMUS 
,<£ 

Bigwigs rub elbows at Sadat soiree 

It was the first time that the power structure of the Carter adm inistration and the big names of Ford’s administration had come together at a social function. 
Palatial Anderson House was awash with history-makers, but you wouldn’t have known it from the story in the paper the next morning. 
It was the Egyptian dinner for Pre­ sident Anwar Sadat and his beautiful 
Ville -Iiban. who had been very im ­ pressed with Rosalynn Carter’s type of tea party. (She had heard experts on mental health, the handicapped, wo­ m en’s rights and the arts instead of aimless chitchat.) 
It was the first social occasion to produce three United States Vice Pre- 
; sile n ts and they greeted each other 
« like long-lost brothers. 
J 
Vjce President and Mrs. Mondale 
* w ere received privately first, but 
.joshing each other as they lined up with 2oo other guests were Nelson 
Rockefeller with Happy and Hubert 
Humphrey with Muriel. 
Somebody — obviously desperate to find out if V.P.s really matter — asked the two men what was the most im­ portant thing each had done as Vice 
President. 

F r e e 

HHH said his trip to Europe in 1968, but Rockefeller immediately snapped back, “ Going to funerals. I’m just glad 
I didn’t have to go to my own’’ . . . How did Rocky feel about being out of that job? “ Have you seen ‘Roots’? ’’ he retorted. “ That’s the wav I feel — free!” 
A relaxed Henry Kissinger chatted with his not-so-relaxed successor, Cyr­ us Vance. When was Henry going to appear on TV, he was asked by another guest. “ I am waiting for a debacle so I 

 can give them hell,” he replied cheer­ fully. 
Nancy, in a soft white blou.se, black taffeta sk irt and a flower in her swept-back hair, said she spends all her time looking for an apartment in 
New York City and a house in Connec­ ticut. In Greenwich it was hopeless, she said. Everything was about $3oo,ooo. 
Brass 

You couldn’t turn around without bumping into the Secretaries of: De­ fense (Harold Brown), Treasury (Mi­ chael Blumenthal), Commerce (Juan­ ita Kreps) along with Chief Justice 
Warren Burger, David Rockefeller and such S enators as J a c k J a v its (R.- 
N .Y .), Abe R ibicoff (D .-Conn.), 
Howard B aker (R .-T e n n .), Chuck 
Percy (R.-Ill.) and Dick Stone (D.- 
Fla.). 
Not to mention House bigwigs like the powerful Appropriations chairman 
George Mahon (D.-Tex.). 
Stimulating topics like what these 
Senators could do to stem the spread of 
Communism in Africa consumed some tables. 

WALTER 
MONDALE 
HUBERT 
HUMPHREY 
NELSON 
ROCKEFELLER 

H appy M arriage is an E arlier Heaven 
\T FT hat man needs for everlasting happiness is a cause so important to him 
VT that he will he willing to give up all he possesses even his lile, to bring about the accomplishment of his unselfish purpose. Marriage fills that need, for a happy marriage is hut an earlier heaven. But even after marriage, no man must remain com pletely complacent because his mind works best when reach­ ing out to solve some problem, some mutual need that seems beyond him. As loll" as there an' closed doors to open, curtains to be raised and unsounded notes to be struck, man s spirit will be charged and recharged with zeal and zest. 
In too many marriages, there comes a time when even the most sincere of human loves loses its mystery with too little to reach for. What we courted before, we control now: what we drooled for before, we now com pletely possess; our appetites too often remain without hunger. It is dangerous to comfortably own the best and nonchalantly take it for granted: to believe that a jewel will never lose its beauty w ithout continuous care. Eventually even jewelers careless­ ly manipulate precious gems without aw ing at their wonders. 
T rue M arriage 
Marriage must remain a never-ending mystery that constantly deepens into an ever-impelling and enchanting romance. Once love is converted from the in­ tangible to the tangible and tin- bonds are kept locked only through passionate physical satisfaction, then the pursuit to happiness is ended, true romance dwin­ dles and the mystery of marriage loses its reach for hidden wonders beyond. 
When the chase is over and our prize i* com pletely won, hope and care and prayer an 1 most needed to keep our candelabra of romance constantly kindled. 
Each M arriage Has P rob lem s 
No marriage — no life ic com pletely free from problems. "There arc tried and tested simple solvents that readily dissolve hardships which eventually at become riddles. The com plete commitment of two people w hose souls are fused into one body becom es a formidable force strong enough to withstand any storm. Their patience and temperance; their willingness to work and wait; their oneness of purpose all build genes that impregnate their souls w ith a never-ending romance. T hen the four oysteries of marriage begin to unfold. 
Once tin* mystery of sex has been solved and the first baby is horn, a new mvsterv is found: the husband sees his wife in a new light — the noble beauty of m o t h e r h o o d . I ii true l o \ e . each chilli adds new respect from the husband and a new beauty t o h i s wife, So ii is that a second mystery is solved. 
As each child is molded vv itll morals and manners sainted by the constant care and custody of inother-hood and father-hood, then the third mystery of marriage is revealed. 
/ 
Filially, after so many of the mysteries bf young married life ar** uncovered and conquered, then the fourth mystery of life is found. Together they con­ tribute their efforts and energies iii outstanding dedication to filling the needs of neighbor and nation. 
T hus the mysteries of marriage an* melted and man fills his need for hap­ piness and meaningful existence, lie soon discovers that every man who is hap­ pily married is a successful man. though he may have failed in everything else. 
H ou sek eep ers! N ever Say: "So W hat” 
Show me the careless caretaker who says ’"So hat! after accidents and I ll show von a housekeeper who has become an amateur intern letting her patient 
» deteriorate. "Carpet Care” knowledge is to her fine carpet what a surgeon is to 

4 his patient in the operating room — initative saves both. 
H ou sek eep ers, L et’s Learn T h ese A ntibiotics: 
• Pet and Baby Accidents . . . mix 1 /3 cup of white vinegar with 2 /3 cup 
I of water. Add about a tablespoon of neutral detergent and stir well. Moisten a 
* Mean rag with this mix and shampoo the area gently. Repeat this action until all 
* discoloration has disappeared. Remember! Do not soak carpet — do not rub vigorously. • Regurgitated Foods . . . Scrape up any solid material, then proceed aiwain*ve explained, lf a greasy substance seems to remain, then shampoo gently with any dry cleaning fluid such as Napi ha. Energine, Carbontetrachloride. • 
Mini . . . allow to drv thoroughly' then remove with a spatula. Vacuum or brush trendy and if some dirty spots still remain, then shampoo gently with a dampened detergent and water solution. • Soft Drinks-Coffee-Liquor . . . Proceed as explained above for pet ami baby accidents. 
N ext W eek 
We will continue our discussion: "Antibiotics for carpet stains.” Until then. think this over: "If marriage gives out, usually there hasn t been enough give in.” inq uire A bout 

But the unsigned story that appeared in the morning Post was devoted entir­ ely to the fact that no liquor was served ut the party. This is fairly customary at dinners given by Moslem chiefs of state, but you would have thought that all Americans care about is booze, nothing else — like the reporter, per­ haps. 
Culture 
President Carter is a vulture for culture, and the people at the National 
Gallery of Art are walking on a cloud. 
He’s been there twice in a month — the second time to see the small J a ­ panese exhibit, “ No Robes and 
Masks,” from the Tokugawa collection and he and Rosalynn stayed 45 min­ utes. 
The first time was for the King Tut show and that was the first time any 
American President had been there since Jack Kennedy attended the un­ veiling of the Mona Lisa — and Ken­ nedy only went there once 
James Langford, whose sister Judy is married to Jack Carter, is credited with getting the Carters there. Lang­ ford works for Coca-Cola and Coke execs, starting with the big cheese, chairman Paul Austin, were all over the place. C.C., which does a bang-up business in Japan, paid to transport the collection. 
The preview dinner for IOO was creme de la creme — with globular 
Japanese lanterns swaying over the tall greens of the softly-lit palm court with the center fountain pool encircled with candlelight and masses of Easter lilies. 
Present were such names as Paul 
Mellon, John D. Rockefeller III, War­ ren Burger, Zbigniew Brzezinski. 
And particularly the Yoshinobu To- kugawas, a family known as Shoguns, or rulers of Japan, going back to the 
17th century. Mrs. Tokugawa’s pre- 
Wor Id War II title was marchioness; lier husband, who took her illustrious family name to perpetuate it, was a count. 
Collection 
Their collection of Japanese art is so large they can ’t even count it. How many pieces in it? “ A million, no, 
1o.ooo,” said Mrs. Tokugawa. 
Her husband tossed out the figure of 
12.ooo, but they have 12.ooo pieces of lacquer alone and 8o,ooo rare books along with the famed Genji scrolls, and that’s just the beginning. 

Most fascinating item out of that dinner was Paul Austin’s tale of his and Imelda Marcos’s experiment. It 

JIHAN SADAT 

 seems that when Austin was in Manila a few months back he told the Philip­ pines’ first lady about his company’s new nutritional drink called Samson. 
It costs only 12 cents for an eight- ounce bottle, tastes delicious, and con­ tains the minimum amount of protein, vitamins and minerals a child from babyhood to six requires for proper mental growth. It is NOT a diet drink. 
Mrs. Marcos instantly decided to try it out on underprivileged Philippine children, whose mental growth has been slowed down for lack of proper nutrition 
In three months’ time, said Austin, she discovered that the graph curve of learning among these children came up to that of the privileged children. 
Poor children of Georgia, too, are drinking Samson, which comes in six different flavors, but the C.C. company is not launching a drive to advertise it, said Austin. Still, he thinks it may be the answer to generations of locked-in poor. 
Around town 
Caroline Kennedy — if she’s not involved in tryouts for the sailing team at Harvard — will come down here to go to Coaching Day at Stratford Hall, 
Robert E. Lee’s birthplace in Virginia, on the 24th with her grandmother. 
Mrs. Hugh D. Auchincloss is prime mover of the ultra-elegant competition between polished, antique coaches with their liveried groomsmen and lady passengers carrying parasols. 

ANWAR SADAT 

She expects both granddaughters, 
Caroline and Tina Radziwill. 15 and a student at B rearley’s in New York, because both are mad about horses. 
“ I don’t know why it is that girls seem to like horses better than boys do,” said Mrs. A. “ Maybe it has so­ mething to do with mother love.” 
At Japanese Ambassador and Mrs. 

Togo’s recent dinner in honor of Sen. 
John Sparkman, chairman of the For­ eign Relations Committee, and Mrs! 
Sparkm an, the Senator’s Southern warmth came to the force. 

In replying to Togo’s toast. Spark­ man spoke1 about what good relations tho United States and Japan have had since that last unfortunate incident.’* 
. . What a delicate, friendly w'ay to dispense with World War II! 

Hamilton Jordan’s wife Nancy and 
Dorothy Padgett, assistant chief of protocol, want to write a book about the 
Peanut Brigade “ but you don’t have tim e to w rite about h isto ry when you’re making it,” said Padgett. ane s another Atlantan who loves 
Washington. “ I really do. Every time you turn around somebody does so­ mething nice for you. It’s a lot of fun. I am m eetin g a m b a ssd o rs I never dream ed I would. I had pretty well decided I was going to retire and play tennis and ride.” 
C a rte r’s husband-and-w ife team , 
Assistant Secretary of State Joe Duffy and Deputy U ndersecretary of Com­ m erce Anne Wexler, walk to work from their Colonnade apartment everv morning (hand-in-hand?). 
Come quitting time he gets away first, taxis home, gets in the car and drives back downtown to pick up Anne. 
It’s exercise and loving togetherness all in one. 
Camisoles look delicious 
BERNADINE MORRIS 

NEW YORK TIMES NEWS SERVICE 

NEW YORK - The lace trimming is optional and the sheer blouse is obso­ lete, but the camisole promises to explode as one of the most popular fashions as the weather warms. 
In its current incarnation, it’s a bare top with narrow or inch-wide straps. 

It turns up in daytime versions for sunning (or at least keeping cool) and in evening versions in gossamer fa­ brics for just looking delicious. 
The camisole may be a separate part that is paired with skirts, pants or culottes or it may be the upper half of a dress. It is usually cut straight across but its top line can curve slightly and, for evening at least, introduce small gathers for softness. 

In sturdy cottons or crinkly chiffons, it turns up in prestige collections such as Givenchy’s in Europe or Galanos’s here, in moderate price sportswear collections, and will probably stretch as far as bargain tables of discount stores for just a few dollars. 
It is not the only sum m er neckline going. The flouncy off-the-shoulder top and the strapless tube are running strong, but the camisole is more ver­ satile. 
It isn t one of those fashions that make people cringe with its novelty or its daring, but the camisole seems so practical and so right for the moment, it lends itself to so many applications, that it is likely to pass into the lan­ guage. 
Washing Fido 

We wouldn’t think of starting our day without a bath or shower. But our dogs and cats are not quite as fastidious and sometimes it’s necessary to round up old Fido or 
Tabby and dunk them so they will be acceptable again. 
The first thing to do is to catch them . Don’t think for a minute that you’re fooling them. 
They know what you plan to do and will disappear. 
But if you persev ere, you TI finally get them in the tub. 
When you succeed, you should be ready with a good bath powder. Here’s the way to make one. 
You’ll need one and one-fourth cups pow­ dered soap, one half cup trisodium phosphate, two tablespoons bicarbonate of soda and one table­ spoon boric acid. 
All these ingredients are available at hardware or grocery stores. Dry mix all of these in g re d ie n ts to­ gether thoroughly. Store in glass, metal or plastic container. 
To use, put about three tablespoons of the mix­ ture in each gallon of warm water. Bathe ani­ mal against the grain of the coat, and rinse. 
Like any chemical pro­ duct you use at home, you should store this one 

*p<m nu£€i 
By 
NORMAN H. STARK safely, label it — listing ingredients and noting any cautions — and keep it out of reach of chil­ dren. 
If you enjoy 
THE 
FORMULA, you’ll love the exciting new dimen­ sion offered by Norm 
S ta r k ’s 
THE 
FIRST 
PRACTICAL PYRAMID 
BOOK — complete with its own workable pyra­ mid. 
Y ou’ll be able to harness free pyramid power for hundreds of sc ien tifically tested procedures for beauty, health gardening, food dehvdratation and medi­ tation. 
Send your payments of 
$5.95 
(po stp aid) to 
PYRAMID, care of the 
Express-News, Box 2171, 
San Antonio, Tex. 78297. 
Also available: The 
Formula Book, The For­ mula Book 2, and slip- eased sets of I and 2 — 
$5.95 each or $11.9o for the set. Please indicate which volume, and mail to the above address. 

LAST DAY! SS. once-a-year sale 
S A V E 
$1o1 once-a-year sale 

 about 

Bedding tips 

• Important booklet on Carpet Care 

• Phone, Write, or \ isit Ted O 'kreiit 
• 3oo San Pedro 
• 227-7387, 

Planning to buy a new set of bedding in the near future? Here are some tips from the Spring Air 
Mattress Company, Chi­ cago: 
Buy as dose to the top end of the bedding m aker’s line as you can. 
This is where the manu­ facturer puts the highest quality construction and materials. 
In today’s m ark et, a full-size b edding set 
Mattress and box spring) will run around $28o to 
$36o. Middle-and low-end bedding will give you good value for the mon­ ey. but you’ll get propor­ tionately more in durabi­ lity and comfort if you spend more. 
Test the bedding in the store by kicking off your shoes and lying down on the mattress. Don’t judge by merely pressing down with your hand or sitting on the edge. 
Also rem ember that a mattress tends to loosen up after a w hile and choose firmness accord­ ingly. 
Consider the type of innerspring used, not the number of coils. A good innerspring, such as the 

K arr type, will use a variety of spring coil de­ signs to meet different w eight and w ear r e ­ quirements in the center 
Of the m attress, where most of the body weight is concentrated, and a r­ ound the edges and corners. 
The innerspring should also have a baked enamel finish which will m in i­ mize the ch an ces of squeaking. A cut-aw ay m attress model or sam ­ ples of actual innerspr- ings will show7 you what is hidden inside. 
If you prefer a foam type mattress, compare densities. The higher the denisty, the firm er the support and the greater the resiliency. 
Buy a m atc h in g box spring foundation. This is crucial. The box spring should be engineered to match the construction of the mattress. Otherwise the mattress will not de­ liver its m aximum sup­ port performance. 
If you can afford it, buy su per-size bedding because it will give you m ore sleeping room which makes for added c o m fo rt. 

Save Twice! 
First on the purchase price, second on electric bills. 
Now’s the time to save on Friedrich room air conditioners. Friedrich high EER ratings mean you can save on electric bills too. 
Buy today, offer is limited. 
HOPP'S SPRING SPECIAL 
IO IOO BTU' 

' r 
^ 
J 
V E R Y 
7.8 EER l l 5 VOLT 

 i S 
B t B lim ited' $ o o o 9 5 

 su p p l y 
Z 
V 
V 
SUPPLY 

 ti; SOME PRIOR YEAR MODELS AT IVEN GREATER SAVINGS^ 
W H t t f - Y H I Y - t A i Y ll CALI THE MAH FROM HOPP'S TOR A FREI IN HOME “ 
. AIR CONDITIONING SURVEY OR TRU VALUE TRADE IN 
■ 
APPRAISAL OF YOUR PRESENT A/C UNIT. 
M 

 l l CENTRAL P A R K S g41-339fl 

■ m o ^ w e s ^ T v i I 
1733-91381 

1331I SOUTH HACKBERRY] 
|5 3 M 3 7 5 | 

| M 3 ^ U « T I ^ 1 o H w S yJ 
■824-63371 

HBM WONDERLAND ■ 
■ 
■732-7193M 
■924-4268■ 

 l ^ u 5 I v i « $ S ^ I T Y ^ a 
1653-538 ill 

The San Antonio 
Star— That’s 
Entertainment! 

 in the Sunday E x p re s s -N e w s 

Page 
I 2-E 
San Antonio EXPRESS-NEW S— Sunday April I 7 197 7 
Looking back 
Relax and smile 
You’ve been married for 25 years. You’re about to become a grandmother. Your husband and grown children have asked for a portrait of you. 

It is reason enough for scheduling a s ittin g w ith a p ro fe ssio n a l p hoto­ grapher. 
A portrait is one of the most lasting ways to celebrate a special m ilestone in your life. It surely is one of the most personal gifts you can give to those you love. 
The look of to d a y ’s p o rtra its is natural and relaxed. 
Vt itll sensitive film , improved light­ ing and other modern techniques, the professional photographer can capture a true likeness that is the lovely vou — 
— neither stiff nor formal. 
Since portraits are lasting, the top priority is your appearance. A leading photographer offers these tips on the subject. 
Choose a dress to w ear that has a brand of sim ple elegance . . . W ear no m ore than two pieces of je w elry — your finest. . . 

By----------------- — ----------------- 
MARY SUE MILLER 

Apply m akeup with a light touch 
(here* the photographer will give you suggestions for perfect ap p licatio n ).. . 
H air should be sp arklin g clean and natural; have it set several days before your sitting, so it will not have a “ju st set” look. 

Take a stiff brush and pomade to the studio with you. 

You can trust the pro behind the ca­ m era. So, relax and enjoy the atten­ tion. 
Secrets 

Some women age before their time; some retain their youthful beauty and charm . Why? The secrets of non-stop a ttr a c tiv e n e s s a re re v e a le d in 
B EA U TY KNOWS NO AGE. 

F or your copy write to M ary Sue 
M iller in care of The E xp ress, Box 
2171, San Antonio, Tex., 78297. enclos­ ing a long, self-addressed, stamped envelope and 25 cents in coin. 

 flower power 

THE TRENDSETTING DIOR COLOURS FOR SPRING 

Directional colours for lips and nails. Savannah orange, full of gaiety. Striking and 

 authentic. Tom Tom Red, dark elegant prune. African Red, a modern, 

 reassuring intense red. Batik Blue for nails, a colour rocket, blue with violet 

 overtones. Our experts are waiting to show you these new colour directions. Ours 

 exclusively in Cosmetics, Downtown 

THE DIOR COLOUR N’ CRYSTAL COLLECTION, YOURS FOR 7.5o WITH ANY 6.oo OR 

MORE PURCHASE. 3 rare lip colours, 3 priceless nail enamels in Dior's most-wanted shades. 

Presented in a crystal lucite tray lo keep and treasure forever. 

The spring fashion picture presents a romantic air, and along with it comes a charming touch of the past — garlands of flowers nestled in smoothly po­ lished hair. 

Silk flow ers, florist flow ers or the common garden variety will do if you use them with a sense of fun and fan­ tasy. 
Dear Jennifer: 
I am planning my graduation dress and instead of having pin-on flowers that will ruin the line of my gown, I thought I would ra th er wear some in my hair. 
I have seen pictures in fashion ma­ gazines, but I don’t know what type of flowers lo use or how to wear my hair. 
My hair is deep brown and shoulder length, and my dress is white with a full, gathered skirt. 
Can you help me? — Sunny R., Seattle, Wash. 
This is the time to indulge your ro­ mantic nature and plan on looking en­ chanting! A number of top fashion d esig n e rs topped off th e ir sp rin g collections with flower power for the h a ir. A v is it with lead in g flo ra l designer, Robb Vojtech of Chicago, nipped your problem in the bud! 

Fragrant 

--G ardenias lend themselves to hair creations beautifully, they’re so long lasting and fragrant. Other suggestions include cymbydium orchids, using one or two at a tim e in green, off white or rosy hues. 
Roses in full bloom tucked into a velvet ribbon will “ last through dinner and a couple of spins around the floor.” 
Stephanotis can be used in rom antic 
“ come hither” trailers; or if you can’t afford them , a bud of hyacinth, broken up and wired, makes the “ poor m an’s version.” 
Check out your own back yard for the sam e rom antic look without the price tag. Marigolds and zinnias are perfect. 
“ Strip off the foliage to elim inate that earthy odor. 

Lily of the Valley is always good, but beware of tulips, jonquils or iris, as they’ll just hold up for the entrance scene! Baby’s breath and tight clus­ ters of lilacs are yours for the picking. 

Where to put 

Nowr here are some tips on where to put the flowers: 
—Tuck short or long hair behind one ear and pin the flower to hold it back. 
—Tie a velvet ribbon around short hair and tuck flowers into the ribbon at the nape of the neck. 
—G ather long hair into an ever-so- loose ponytail, pin the flying ends under and put the flow ers over the covered elastic band as a top knot. 
—Leave m edium -lenglh hair free and loosely curled and stick sm all, individual blossom s here, and there and all over. 
—Let long hair blow free and attach trailers of blooms to intertwine with it. 
Once you begin to think of adding flowers to your hair, the possibilities are endless. Dark-haired women look stunning with pure white flowers or deepest red. 
Redheads should go for hot pinks and purples for contrast and blondes can get in the rom antic mood with all the pale pinks nature has to offer. 
For Je n n ife r’s beauty booklet, ALL 
ABOUT E Y E S , send $1 25 plus a long, stam ped, self-addressed envelope to 
Ask Jennifer, care of The Express, Box 
2171, San Antonio Tex. 78297. 

TOMMY and Lori Freidrich swap school stories on the porch of their limestone hom e 

TURRETS and 
R o m a n e sq u e a rch es m ark the architecture of the W .C. M cGlothlin Jr. hom e 

PHOTOS BY STEVE: CAMPBEII 

GOOD FORTUNE. 

OUR GYPSY LOOK WIG 

BY EVA GABOR, 35.oo 

In step with the fashion times. a romantic look that s pure flattery. Deep waves frame the brow, curls cluster atop the head, tendrils charm the sides. 
Made of Actionwear® fiber by 
Monsanto for weightless beauty. The ‘Make 
Believe' wig, 35.oo. Wig Boutique, 
Downtown and North Star Mall. 

FROST BROS. 

 stroll through King William Fair 

Kob” variety was a gift to the Friedrich fam ily from Ugandan President Idi 
Amin. 
District 

The King William Historical D istrict, designated a preservation area in 1968, encompasses streets within the bend of 

 the San Antonio River bounded on the north by D urango and S t. M a ry ’s streets. 
Many buildings in the neighborhood are exam ples of very early Texas ar­ chitecture. but the character and flavor of “ King W illiam ” derives from the 
V ictorian stru ctu res of the ’8os and 
’9os. 
Admission to the Fair is free. Tickets for the home tour are $3 for adults 
Give your hair 

($2.5o if purchased in advance) and half price for students and m ilitary with ID and children under 12. 
Advance tickets may be purchased by sending a check and self-addressed envelope to the King W illiam Associa­ tion. 122 Madison Street, San Antonio, 
782o4 or by stopping by 122 Madison. 
Tickets will be available during the fair at booths along K ing W illiam 
Street. 

Holders of Home Tour tickets will be offered a bonus bus tour of the preser­ vation area on the south side of Alamo 
Street. 
The F air will be held from ll a.m . until 6 p.m. 
This annual Friday event is held to benefit the King W illiam Assocaiation, a non-profit neighborhood organization devoted to the preservation and res­ toration of the historical district. 

Beer bottle battle brewing 

By DICK MERKEL 

CHIEF, EX PRESS-NEWS CAPITOL BUREAU 
AUSTIN — If variety is indeed the spice of life, then there are two bills before the legislature the authors say will add a little more zest to the lives of Texas’ beer drinkers. 
SB959 and its House co u n terp art, 
HS 1323, are id en tical in th a t they would allow for the sale of beer in seven and 16 ounce cans and bottles in 
Texas. 
They are different in one very im ­ portant aspect. 
Sen. Gene Jo n es’ SB959 has been passed out of com m ittee to the full 

Bills in the Texas House and Senate which allow seven and 16 ounce cans and bottles are causing a furor in the brewing industry 

Senate with a recom m endation for passage. 
HB1323 by R ep. Bob M aloney of 
D allas was sent to a subcom m ittee 
Wednesday night. 
In the waning days of the 65th Le­ g isla tu re , releg atio n to a su b co m ­ m ittee, in most cases, is the proverbial 
“ kiss of death.” 
So, opponents of the two bills now see' their odds at better than 5o-5o to stand off once again a change in state law which now allows beer to be sold only 

 in 12 ounce and quart sizes and a little, if ever used, 24 ounce size. 
Behind the Jones-M aloney legisla­ tion are the Adolph Coors Brewing Co. of Golden, Colo., and the Miller Brew­ ing Co. of New Orleans. 
Aligned against them are the Texas brewers — chiefly Lone Star and Pearl of San A n to n io and just about every other distributor doing business in the state. 
R ep re se n ta tiv e s from P e a rl and 
I,one Star w p t p on hand to testify 

 against the Senate bill. 
The main objections centered around shelf space for the variety of sizes, cost of additional bottling and canning equipm ent, and just plain not liking out of state interference in Texas’ business. 
E.L. Birdsong, president of Pearl, said there ju st w asn’t enough shelf space for all these different sizes. 
More litter 

“ It would add to the litter along our roads and in our parks,” he said. 
Archie Ladsaw, president of Spoetzel 
B rew ery which m akes Shiner beer, objected to 
“ these out-o f-state 

 j 
“At 7 he's back in business 

J. A. Dobbins opened a small backyard machine shop in the early 
191o’s. After developing it into a booming concern, he retired. 
Now, at 75 years of age, he’s starting ail over again. 
Dobbins' original shop soon outgrew its backyard beginnings and, moving to 12o7 Fulton Ave., expanded to 25,ooo square feet and em ­ ployed 35 persons. 
The Dobbins Metal Products Co. is now run by J. A.’s son Robert, working on precision metal work such as stampings, tools and dies. 
But the business now couldn't handle the small machine jobs it started with and J. A., tired of golf and auction sales, saw his golden opportunity. 
“AH my life, I’ve worked with my hands, doing and making things. I love to work with machines and always have.” 
So he began the Jadco Machine Co. at 1117 Capitol Ave. with a staff of one: himself. 
The sm all company is equipped with lathes, m illing m achines, grinders and gas and arc welding equipment for those small jobs his old firm can’t handle any longer. 
And to make things even better, it is located right around the corner. 
J 
Business 
JgaLgft rn.J || iigjB M JBL i i M m g ? . 

San Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— Sunday April 17 1 9 7 7 
Page 
I -G 
EXPRESS 
NEWS 
MARKET 
COMMENT 
S.A. turns boom tow n during Fiesta Week 

A SEA OF PEOPLE floods La V illita last y e a r during N ight in O ld San A ntonio, which g e n e ra te d $ 5 7 3 ,o o o 

By RICHARD ERICKSON 
EXPRESS-NEWS BUSINESS WRITER 

It may be the largest party in 
South Texas to most, but to a large portion of San Antonio, 
Fiesta sings to the tune of $13 million. 
Some 2,25o,ooo people participated in the IO days of fun and parades last year, according to Davis Burnett, exe­ cutive d ire c to r of the San A ntonio 
Fiesta Commission. 
Cash flows 
And all of them spent money in the 
Alamo City. 
“ T his a tte n d a n c e , in itse lf, generates a tremendous flow of cash in the community that reaches just about everybody,” Burnett reported. 
He e stim a te d the cash flow' at between-$12 million and $13 million, alm ost half of which goes to San An­ tonio hotels and food and beverage businesses. 
Fiesta income for 1976 breaks down like this, Burnett said. 
• 
Food and b ev erag e firm s: 
$2,25o,ooo 
• Hotels and motels: $2,25o,ooo 
• Gasoline and automobile related companies: $1,5oo,ooo 
• Retail business: $1,5oo,ooo 
• Public utilities: $1,25o,ooo 
The rem ainder of the total falls into 

Fiesta frolickers last y e a r la id out almost $13 million, m aking more than ju st the particrs happy 

 a loose grouping of recreation a cti­ vities. 
B urnett em phasized these 1976 fi­ gures would not have been there with­ out F ie sta and was above norm al gross. 
City sales tax 
In addition, city coffers increased by 
$13o,ooo from the I per cent city sales tax and by $26,ooo from room occu­ pancy taxes, rental of city property and other fees. 
Much of this city income, however, immediately leaves the city treasury to pay for such items as overtime for the extra police and fire protection that is required. 
Burnett says he expects no drop in these figures for this year’s Fiesta. 
A good portion of the income is as­ sumed to be from tourists who specifi­ cally com e to San A ntonio for the 
1o-day affair, but exactly how much is not known, Burnett said. 
There is no reliable method to tell how many are tourists, who came just for Fiesta and how many are local 

 residents, he said. 
But it is known Fiesta visitors on an average spend more at $125 a day than a c asu al San A ntonio v isito r who spends an average of $8o a day. A large part of both figures is the cost of lodg­ ing, Burnett said. 
Conventions up 
Conventions increase during Fiesta, said Pete Romero of the San Antonio 
Visitors and Convention Bureau. 
“ It gives their people an added treat to sch ed u le th e ir m e etin g at th is tim e,” he said. 
Some 19 conventions are set for this 
Fiesta period, drawing 8,ooo delegates to San Antonio. They will spend an estim ated $1.2 million Romero said. 
There would be more, he added, ex­ cept for lack of space. 
“ Some can’t schedule during Fiesta even if they wanted to because they can’t get any rooms. If you don’t book far in advance, you usually can’t find anything I eft,” he said. 
But conventions a r e n ’t the only things that are up during Fiesta week. 

 according to B urnett. “ E verything shows a peak during those IO days in 
April,” the director stated. 
“ Fiesta is a million-dollar-a-day in­ dustry during those IO days,” Burnett said. 
MOSA 
One of the largest single activities during Fiesta is not a city-generated function at all, but still provides a lot of business for San Antonio firms. 
The San Antonio Conservation So­ ciety’s “ Night in Old San Antonio’’ welcomed 1o4,ooo people to La Villita 
Street last year, producing more than 
$573,ooo, including gate recipts and income from the array of food booths. 

The affair is a non-profit function, so 
1976 NIOSA profits of over a quarter of a million dollars went to the operation and historical restoration projects of the Society. 
“ The profit is that high because of all the volunteer work m em bers do,” said Audrey B uchert, tre a su re r of 
NIOSA. 
23o booths 

This year’s four-day fest will have m ore than 23o booths representing 17 ethnic areas erected in the La Villita area. 
All of the food products served, said 

Race re lations due boost 

Jose was recently de­ moted from a first-line m an ag em en t positio n , one he had worked years tp reach, and he doesn’t really know why. He al­ la y s felt he had to prove something to himself and 
Co o th ers. Som e of his fellow w orkers w anted him to be th e ir “ com ­ p a d re ,” but not th e ir boss. 
* O thers re se n te d his prom otion, even though he was q u alified , over 
Anglos. His superviso r was Anglo and Jose real­ ly never felt comfortable discussing problems with him. 
’ And so the entire line of com m unications fell apart and Jose was the loser. 
I The example is fiction­ al but, according to Dr. 
Gary Raffaele, U niversi­ ty of T exas at San An­ tonio associate professor of m anagem ent, the si­ tuation is common in San 
Antonio. 
Raffaele, joined by Eu­ gene Rodriguez Jr., local m anagem ent consultant 

 and past executive direc­ tor of the Economic Op­ portunities Development 
Corp., are attem pting to c o rre c t the situ atio n through a UTSA Contin­ uing E d u catio n w ork­ shop. 

“ The M exican-Am eri- can in F irst-L in e M an­ agem ent” will be offered twice this spring and is designed to improve the skills of its participants as supervisors and how to cope with perceived ra ­ 

 cial differences that may exist. 
“ The p ro g ram cam e about a fte r I w as a p ­ proached by personnel m anagers from various co m p an ies who w ere concerned about Mexi- 

DR. GARY RAFFAELE 
EUGENE RODRIGUEZ JR. 
Frost denies he quit 
Farah for its closing 

San Antonio banker Tom C. Frost Jr. has denied 
I resigned from the board of directors of Farah 
Manufacturing Co. because the company was plan­ ing to close its San Antonio operation. 
The El Paso Times reported Farah sources had' laintained the board decision to close the San ntonio plant, putting 8oo persons out of work, had 
;en the “ last straw ” for the San Antonio banker. 
No comment 
Frost said he had no comment on the Farah st­ ation or his reason for leaving the board because i was no longer associated with the clothing firm id felt any statem ent would not be appropriate. 
The banker added he did not dispute an official, arah spokesm an’s.statem ent that the closing of the ant on West Hwy. 9o was not made by the new em bers of the Farah board of directors. 
But, he said, it was not made by the old board 
Iller; that is, during his time on the board. 
March 21 
Frost resigned his directorship the week of March 

 lie denied the plant closure was because of his ink’s withdrawal of financing from the battered El aso-based firm . 

“ Financial connections were dropped at least a year prior to that tim e,” he said, “ because of pos-: sible conflict of interest by my being on the board at1 the same tim e.” 

At the tim e of his resignation, Frost told the San 
Antonio Express-News he had left because of press­ ing business concerning the proposed m erger of his 
San Antonio-based FrostBank Corp. and banks in 
Dallas and Houston. 

Within the sam e week, two other directors and 
F arah’s president also resigned, citing differences with Willie Farah, the company’s outspoken chair­ man. about some of his activities. Details of specific differences or Farah’s activities were not released. 
Still director 

The first week in Aprih Farah himself resigned his post as chairm an although he rem ains as a director with no management involvements. 

He reportedly was forced out by pressure from the 
Continental Illinois Bank in Chicago and other banks involved in F arah’s finances. 

The clothing firm reported a net loss of $24.4 million in fiscal 1976. 

 can-A m erican s u p e r­ visors not m eeting ex ­ p e c ta tio n s,” R affaele said. 
. 
His o rig in al th e s is ' when he researched the workshop was the prob­ lem s w ere caused by 
_ c u ltu ra l d ifferen ces between Mexican-Ameri- eans and Anglos. 
Intimidated 
“ I thought possibly 
Mexican-Americans new to supervisory positions w ere in tim id ated by agressive A nglos,” the educator said. 
To investigate, the two men visited several local co m p an ies and talk ed with both m anagers and sup erv iso rs considered successful, unsuccessful or average by their em ­ ployers’ standards. 
The results were a lit­ tle surprising. 
“ The results of the in­ terviews,” Raffaele said, 
“ showed cultural factors were not as significant as the lack of basic m a n ­ agem ent skills.” 
R odriguez added this lack of skills intensifies the transition of moving from w o rk er to su p e r­ visor especially since the 
M exican-A m erican has few role models to follow. 
Complicated 
“ T h is is fu rth e r co m p licated when the com pany’s m anagem ent does not fully understand how to develop the supervisory potential of 
Mexican ’ - Am ericans,” 
Rodriguez said. 
Solving m anagem ent problem s, according to the c o n su lta n t, should in clude som e a d ju s t­ m ents based on the cul­ tural environment of the community. 
“ In San Antonio, this means insuring common u n d e rsta n d in g am ong the diverse ethnic groups at the work site ,” R af­ faele added. 
Some 22.8 per cent of all managers and admin-, istrators working in the 
San Antonio area w ere 
Spanish surnam ed, a c ­ cording to a census taken in 197o by the U.S. De­ p artm en t of Com m erce * 
Bureau of Census. 
“ (This indicates) more 

 i 

You get rich quicker with a Bexar County Savings certificate because you earn more sooner. Shorter terms make the difference. 
Look. Certificates that take 6-1o years to mature elsewhere, mature in just two years at Bexar County Savings. Compare our rates and terms, lf you’d rather get rich sooner than later, get a Bexar 
County Savings savings certificate. 

CURRENT 
RATE 
PER ANNUM 

MINIMUM 
DEPOSIT 
LENGTH OF 
DEPOSIT 
ANNUAL 
YIELD 
MATURITY 
YIELD 
7.75% 
$1ooo 
24 M O N TH S 
8.o5% 8.37% 
7.5o% 
$1ooo 
18 M O N TH S 
7.79% 7.94% 
7% 
$1ooo 
12 M O N TH S 
7.25% 7.25% 
6.75% 
$1ooo 
6 M O N TH S 
6.98% 
6.25% 
$1ooo 
FROM DATE OF 
DEPOSIT TO DATE 
OF WITHDRAWAL 6.45% 
5.75% 
$25 
FROM DATE OF 
DEPOSIT TO DATE 
OF WITHDRAWAL 5.92% 

Savings in by the 2oth earn from the 1st. y iS 

13oo McCreless 
Shopping City, 
San Antonio, k 
Texas 
^ 
78223 
B B L . 532-3136 

Chartered, supervised and examined regularly by a the Savings and Loan Department of the State of Texas ^ 

San Antonio E X P R E S S-N E W S— Sunday April 17 1977 
£ oaring costs only crisis for energy guzzling U.S. 

NEW YORK — The crisis at­ mosphere surrounding the na­ tion’s energy problems might lead you to think that the United 
States is running out of fuel. 
Time magazine last week dram ati­ cally warned that our homes would be 
“ cold and dark’’ unless drastic m ea­ sures were taken. In his fireside chat. 
President C arter solemnly told the 
Am erican people that “ the energy shortage is permenant.” 
This does not appear to be so. 
There is, of course, a serious shor­ tage of some fuels, like natural gas. 
U.S.-produced oil, or water in the West for generating electric power. But there’s no worldwide shortage of fuel in general. 
For the near term, there’s plenty of imported oil (and, apparently, suffi­ cient resilience to survive another em ­ bargo); there’s all the coal we need — in fact, the industry is not growing as fast as it would like; and nuclear ca­ pacity is expanding. 
Toward the end of the century, as oil gets short, synthetic fuels and more 
Marketplace! 

The Local Ledger 

Outlet Co., parent firm of local 
KSAT-TV, Channel 12, announced a record year in sales and earnings for the fiscal year which ended Jan. 
3L Figures topped $5,37o,ooo. or 
$3.5o per share, up 13.5 per cer.'t from 1975. The earnings per share are based on the number of shares before the company’s three-for-two distribution to stockholders of re­ cord as of April 15. Sales and re­ venues were up 15.7 per cent at 
$49,542,348 from the prior year’s 
$42.8 million. 
Harte Hanks Newspapers Inc. reported earnings of 51 cents per share for the quarter ended March 
31. an improvement of 19 per cent over the 43 cents for the same per­ iod a year ago. Net income for the quarter was $2,3o1,ooo and revenue was $32,o34,ooo. Tin* firm owns and operates 25 daily newspapers and 46 non-daily publications in 3o m a r­ kets iii addition to television sta­ tions in Jacksonville. Flo.. Greens­ boro, NX’., and KENS-TV locally. 
The firm also announced it would ask stockholders to change its name to Ilarte-llanks Communications 
Inc. at the May 9 annual meeting. 
Tiffany Stone and Brick Co. will open a second facility in Rosenburg this month. The San Antonio firm, supplying building m aterials in 
Texas for 22 years, hopes to better fill Houston-area orders with the new plant. 
W. K. Grace and Co., operating the local Lachman-Rose Company 
Inc., declared a quarterly divident of 45 cents per share on its common stock, increasing the annual rate from $1.7o to $1.8o a share, payable on June IO to shareholders of record on May ll. W. R. Grace is also a joint-venture partner of Common­ wealth Oil Refining Company Inc. 
The South Texas Chapter of Fin­ ancial Executives Institute will hear Keith C. Kakacek, a co-owner- of RIMCO 
Inc. at their April 2o meeting at the Barn Door restaur­ ant. He will speak on “ Risk Man­ agement and the Financial Execu­ tive.” 

Jane Bryant Quinn 

 sophisticated (and safer), nuclear plants will be taking over. 
Further in the future, there’s solar, geothermal and fusion energy’, and any other source that the ingenuity of our children hits upon. 
Energy sources, in other words, are not finite. The world is not running out. 
But we are leaving an era of low-cost energy' and shifting — with some pain 
— to sources that are more expensive. 
For the foreseeable future, we'll be spending more of our money on en­ ergy-related products and services, which means less for other things. 
This causes inconvenience, irrita ­ tion. uncertainty, less income for dis­ cretionary use, economic adjustments in certain industries, and a change in habits as we try to reduce our energy consumption. 
But it's not the end of the world, or even the end of growth and prosperity in the United .States. 

In a study of the energy' problem in relation to nuclear power, sponsored by the Ford Foundation and adminis­ tered by the MITRE Corp., the parti­ cipants concluded that higher priced energy will result in slightly lower economic growth through the end of the century and a small bite out of personal incomes, but no loss in jobs or serious economic conseuqnces. 
Paying the electric bill will be un­ pleasant, but its costs will not force any big changes in the way we live. 
(The poor, however, may need addi­ tional welfare aid). 
Carter’s energy plan, due April 2o, will tell us where the immediate costs lie. They’ll probably include: 
• Home Insulation. Reports out of 
Washington suggest that some kind of mandatory home insulation program is on the way. If all homes were insulated according to 1972 federal standards, energy savings on home heat could run as high as 4o per cent. 
Some 3o to 4o per cent of the energy used to heat water could also be saved. by insulating pipes. 

Price rise 

The price of insulation will rise. In addition, there’s the installation bill, which m ay be assessed to the ho­ meowner or paid by the public in gen­ eral. 
Another possible cost is the installa­ 

 tion of special switches that can turn heaters and airconditioners off for part of each hour. 
• Home Heating. The regulated price of natural gas wil go up, bringing it m ore into line with oil prices. The cost of U.S.-produced oil will also rise. 
Finally, expect a higher electric bill. as utilities pass along their higher costs for gas and oil. 
• 
Cars and G asoline. 
Some combination of taxes will likely be im­ posed to discourage the purchase of big cars with poor mileage. 
We’ll have to wait to see whether all drivers are penalized, with a higher gasoline tax, or whether the tax will will be paid only by purchasers of big cars. 
Higher U.S. oil prices also mean a higher price for gasoline. 
• Other goods. Higher fuels prices and conservation costs will hit in­ dustry as well as individuals. 
There may also be energy-efficiency standards for consum er appliances and manufactured equipment. These costs will gradually be passed along to you and me, in the price of goods. 
It need not. however, ignite a new’ inflation. 
To the extent that consumers must pay more for necessities like fuel and food — they have less money left for other things. That is a limiting factor on how fast other prices can rise. 
S. Texas agriculture due big boost April 28 

O w n Your 
Telephones 
And You Sa ve 

C a ll F e ld e r A t 
341-4 41 I 

SOUTHWEST SOUND 
& ELECTRONICS INC. 

TMS A C T IO N 

N U M BE R 

FOB FAST 

B IS U IT S 

PEACE T O U R 

W A N T AO 

IN TMI 

EX P R E SS N E W S 

C A IL 

J J S . 1 6 6 6 

April 28 is going to be a big day for South Texas agriculture, with activity centering at Lu 
Villita Assembly Hall. 
First will be the combined meeting of the South Texas Agricultural Re sourses and the annual 1977 Agribusi­ ness Conference, starting at 8:3o a.m. 
About 2 p.m. the Southwest Animal 
Health Research Foundation and offi­ cials of the Screwworm Eradication 
Plant at Mission will present a pro­ gram. 
A fter that program tru stees of 
SWAHRF will have an official meeting to complete some unfinished business, acco rdin g to T. A. Kincaid J r ., 
SWAHRF president. 
Future cattle 
The agribusiness conference will have the Greater San Antonio Chamber of Com m erce, STAR, South Texas 
C ham ber of C om m erce and Texas 
Agricultural Extension Service as co­ sponsors. 
First speaker will be Dr. Stewart 
Fowler, resident director of research, 
Texas A&M University Research and 
Extension Center, Uvalde. His topic will be “ Cattle of the F u tu re for 
Southwest Texas.” 
The Uvalde center is the site of some in te re stin g ex p erim en ts in cattle breeding. 
Dr. Daniel C. Pfannstiel, director of the Texas Agricultural Extension Ser­ vice at Texas A&M, will speak at 1o:3o a.m. on “ The Role of Area Develop­ ment Programs in South Texas Agri­ culture.” 
Dr. Pfannstiel is a native of Bexar 
County. 
His talk will be followed by the an­ nual STAR report and the STAR busi­ ness meeting. 
, Luncheon 
Speaker for the luncheon meeting will be State Rep. Joe Hubenak, chairman of the House Agriculture and 
Livestock Committee. 
Registration fee for the conference will be $5 5o per person. This will in- 
.elude the noon meal. 
Tickets can be obtained by calling the chamber of commerce at 227-8181. 
The 2 p.m. meeting April 28 is an- 

By Bill C unningham 

 other step in the 1977 mission of Stamp out Screwworms” (SOS) campaign proclaimed by Gov. Dolph Briscoe. 
SWAHRF officials are helping in the organization of what they call “ The 
Screwworm Port of Entry” area into 
Texas into an effective force in fighting the deadly worms. 
The area is defined as the counties south of Bexar County and along the 
Mexican border. 
Kincaid said that if all possible cases of screwworm are reported promptly, eradication plant officials can take prompt action to wipe them out. 

All B exar County livestock p ro ­ ducers also have been asked to join the fight against the screwworm menace. 
Irving Ernst, chairman of the Bexar 
County Screwworm Committee, asked the producers to use all possible mea­ sures to prevent reinfestation of local herds. Bexar County has not had a confirmed case of screwworms this year. 
One of the best preventive measures is a regular program of inspection of animals. Ernst advised at least checks a week. 
Every wound found in an im als should be treated with an EPA-labeled effective insecticide, he said. Animals in known screwworm infested areas also should be sprayed. 
Samples of worms found in wounds should be collected and sent to the er­ adication plant for positive identifica­ tion. Mailing kits are available at the 
Union Stock Yards, Lone Star Lives­ tock Auction. Farm Bureau office and other sites. Ernst said. 

The Board of Directors of the 
Alamo National Bank is pleased toannounce the election of 

Shuttered, 

 not closed 

DETROIT 
(A P) 
- 
Those boarded-up d is­ play windows on the ci­ ty's last major downtown department store do not mean it’s closed or about to close, the store says. 

“ We’re concentrating our merchandise presen­ tation effort on the inside of the store,” said Janice 
Noonan, speak in g for 
Hudson’s. 

“ It’s a trend. It’s the way we do it in our su­ burban stores. 
They don't’ have display win­ dows'.” 

Asked if vandalism of the windows had led to th e ir sh u tte rin g with brown com position board, she replied, “ Not a t- a ll.” And she said there were no plans to close the store. 

All but the corner win­ dows and the windows adjacent to the doors of the block-square store are blanked out. 

CLASSIFIED DISPLAY 
CLASSIFIED DISPLAY 

MONDAY at I P M. 
Frio Livestock Sale 
Pearsall, Tx. 
A Special Consignment in conjunction with regular sale. 75 Choice, 2 to 4 yr old Crossbred Cows & 
Calves. Also Approx. 75 2 yr old Bred Heifers. 
Contact: Harry Harrison 
Office: 1-334-2355 
Res. 1-334-82o8 

ALMAC Const. Co. 
All Types of Steel Bldgs 
65o-o881 

CMC TRUCKS 
4 Wheel Drive, Short & 
Long Wheel Base Van* duras & Suburbans. 
TINDALL & SON 
Pontiac, GMC 

Sat., April 23, I pm 
Lone Star Livestock 
Commission Co. 
Selling 1ooo Cows 
Part of Consignment as follows: 
2oo • Choice Crossbred 
Cow and Calf Prs, 3 to 5 yr olds. 55 - 4 yr old An­ gus P rs. Calves from 
Beefmaster Bulls. 33 • 4 yr old Crossbred Cows calving now. 22 - Black 
White face Cows. 4 yr olds with 
Charolais 
Calves. 51 Crossbred Prs, 
4 to 6 yr olds. 35 - Mixed 
Crossbred Prs. 3 to 6 yr olds. 3o - Brangus Prs. 
Calves from Hereford 
Bulls. 4o - Crossbred Prs, 
Calves from Hereford 
B ulls. 4o - 3 yr old 
Crossbred Cows, calving now. 2o - F-l Braford 
Prs. 43 • 3 and 4 yr old 
Crossbred Prs. 76 • 3 to 4 yr old Crossbred Prs. 
Choice. 25 • Jersey Brah­ man Cross Cows bred to 
Simmental Bulls. 
Lone 
Star 
Livestock 
Commission Co. is locat­ ed on the West side of 
San Antonio, Loop 41o off 
Ray Ellison Drive. 

342-3241 

SHOPPER STOPPER, INC. 
’'Sign Center’* 
342-3242 

Gaines Voigt to theBoard of Directors 

BEA C O N CIRCLE 
I Va M i. North of Loop 4 1 o • O ff San Pedro 

Due to wonderful support of all our friends, SH O PPER 
STOPPER, IN C . is well into its tenth year. O ur newest ad ­ dition to Hand Painting and Silk Screening is Jim. A n­ derson and “ Sonny” Havlin in Sales enabling us to serve more customers. 

Do you need an 8 'x 3 o ‘ double faced plastic electric sign? O ne we have is ready of corrugated Lexan, white, priced at $ 3 9 5 o plus copy and installing. Also we have access to several more on same basis on which you can save close to $2 ,ooo per sign. 

Call us or come by for individual, informal attention to your needs for plastic - electric signs, hand painting, silk screening, plastic letters, and magnetic signs. W e do our own art work, installing and servicing. 

615 W. Rhapsody 
San Antonio, Tex. 78216 

People 
In Business 

Strieber 

Cox 

Kuhmann 

Rivas 

Humphreys 

Cooke 

Shea 

Weiner 

Kelfer 

Toliett 

UNP im m m . 
'Zm 

IRitzier 
Neumann 

Ray Neumann has been appointed Texas district manager for Bernard Food Industries 
Inc. of San Jose, Calif. 
His re sp o nsib ilities include re c ru itin g , train in g and supervising sales appointees throughout the state. 

Gervase L. Hutzier has been named a vice president at Frost National Bank. 

Whitley Strieber has been named a vice pre-U sident of Cunningham & Walsh, a New York advertising agency. 
He is the son of Mrs. Karl Strieber of San 
Antonio. 

W. J. “Corky” Cox has been named a lifetime recipient of the National Management Award for Southwestern Life Insurance Co. 
He is a branch manager for Southwestern in 
San Antonio. 

William L. Kuhmann has been named in­ dustrial relations manager for Lone 
.Star 
Brewing Co. 

Dan Rivas has been named vice president, and creative director for Phillip Poole Asso­ ciates, a Fort Worth advertising firm. 
He is a native of San Antonio. 

Vivian Humphreys and Charles Cooke have been elected assistant secretaries of Tower Life 
Insurance Co. 

Mrs. 
Hum phreys, claim s d e p a rtm e n t m anager, joined Tower in 1964. 
Cooke is manager of the policy owners service depart­ ment. 

Terry Shea has been named chairman of the 
Research Committee for the National Assn. of 
Indendent Insurers. 

 is director of resea rc h at 
Shea group 
USAA. 

Lynne 
Noble and 
Brian W einer have been nam ed to the board of directors at 
Republic National Bank of San Antonio. 

Jesse C astillo has been appointed regional sales manager for Mex- icana Airlines in San 
Antonio. 
David C. DeLeon, p harm aceu tical sales re p re se n ta tiv e for 
McNeil L aboratories 
Inc. in San Antonio, has successfully completed the c o m p a n y ’s sales education program at the c o m p a n y ’s home office in Fort Washing­ ton, Penn. 

Terry Drave has been nam ed business and a d v e rtisin g m an ag er for the Greater San An­ tonio Chamber of Com­ merce’s “ San Antonio” magazine. 

Gay Nell Burleson has joined Ortho Phar­ maceutical Corp. as a sales representative to the Rio G rande Di­ vision. 

Rodrigo Perez has been appointed assis­ tant manager of the San 
Antonio branch office of 
Occidental Life Insur- ace Co. of California. 

Ralph D. Reed has been named senior vice presid en t of 
Bryan 
Building and Loan Co., in Bryan. 
He is the son of Mr. and Mrs of San Antonio. 

DeLeon 

Becker 
Frank J. Reed, 

Hall Adams and James E. Pestello Sr., of the 
San Antonio office of John Hancock Mutual Life 
Insurance Co., recently attended a c a re e r agents conference at the company’s educational facility in Boston Mass. 

Duane D. Moore has been named president of 
Great Western Loan and Trust Co. of San An­ tonio. 

Jim Fetzner, owner of the Midas automotive service center at 6659 San Pedro Ave., was named Southwestern Region Dealer of the Year during Midas’ national sales meeting in Chica­ go. 

Thomas A. George, an associate of the San 
Antonio office of Massachusetts Mutual Life 
Insurance Co., has completed specialized train­ ing in the company’s management school in 
Springfield, Mass. 

Donald W. Becker has been elected presi­ dent-elect of 
Photo 
M arketing 
Assn. 
International. 
He is also president, director and chief oper­ ations officer of Fox-Stanley Photo Products 
Inc. 

Richard M. Kelley and Jerry P. Novy of the 
San Antonio office of The Bankers Life Co. have attended a forum on family and business in­ surance planning at the company’s home office in Des Moines, Iowa. 

San Antonio Uniroyal Tire dealers, Russell 
Kelfer, Sonny Toliett, Lewis Wheeler, Harry 
Schneider and Bill Mezzetti, participated re­ cently in Uniroyal’s one-day warehouse sale ut its Opelika, Ala., plant. 

Wheeler 
Schneider 
Mezzetti 

Son Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— Sunday April I 7 1977 

Best, not biggest, 
Trade F air is due 

FIESTA CASH 

Continued from Page IG 

Mrs. Buchert, are from local suppliers selected by individual chairm en of specific NIOSA areas. 
Contracts range from huge to tiny. 

Capitol Meat Co., for instance, sup­ plied beef for 12,37o pounds of anticu- chos (shish-ka-bobs) for over $26,ooo. while little Surm as Bakery was paid 
$225 for their apple strudel. 

E X H IB IT S such a s this one last y e a r will be few er, but th a t d o e s n ’t m e a n the 
T ra d e Fair w o n ’t do w ell, officials say 

BEER BOTTLE 

The sm aller number of exhibitors at this y e a r’s Mexican Trade F air is because of econom ics, not lack of interest, said the chairm an of the fair’s 
San Antonio coordinating group. 
Banker Tom Frost Jr. said even with the reduced number — about 3oo com­ pared to 75o in 1976 — the fair should do better than ever. 
“ The Mexican government has an­ nounced officials are screening their exhibitors very closely this year so they will have only their most exper­ ienced,” he said. 
Mean business 
, “ While we will have fewer exhibi­ tors, officials feel it will be a better fair and might even sell more merchandise because the people coming up here will mean business.” 
F'rost is the chairm an of the San 
Antonio Chamber of Commerce Mexi­ can T rade F a ir C oordinating Com­ mittee and mem ber of the cham ber’s 
Mexican Trade F air Executive Com­ mittee. 
Both groups ad v ise and a ssist m em bers of the Mexican Institute for 
Foreign Trade (IM CE) in planning and operation of the yearly fair. 
“ (The sm aller number of exhibitors) is not due to lack of interest or decline of interest in the fa ir,” Frost said, noting the Mexican steel exhibit, the largest in the 1976 fair, has asked for m ore space and will be expanding their effort this year. 
“The hope is the exhibitors will do 

'W hile we wilt have few er exhibitors, officials fe e l it w ill be a better fa ir anti tai gilt even sell mitre mer- ehamlise . .________ ________ 

 even better this year and certainly in proportion to the effort, they’ll sell more m erchandise,” he said. 
The banker explained that, in the past, the fair had provided new ex­ porters from Mexico with a learning ex p erien ce, in tro d u cin g them to 
American buyers and becoming an in­ centive to the exporter to increase his operation in the United States. 
“ This year they will go to the proven exporters,” he said. “ Mexico hastens to say they don’t want to forget those sm aller firms. 
“ But in view of cutbacks in the bud­ get and so forth in this particular fair, they will be encouraging the sm aller exporters to enter the market in other ways this year.” 
One of the cutbacks Frost noted was the past practice of government sub­ sidies to first-tim e exhibitors. The am ount given them decreased each year they returned. 
All expenses 
“ This time they are asking each ex-' hibitor that com es up to pay for all expenses except for space and the booth at the fair,” Frost said, adding over 5o per cent of this year’s exhibi- 

Continued from Page IG brew eries trying to change the way 
Texas breweries do business.” 
W ade Spillm an, rep resen tin g the 
Texas W holesale B eer D istributors 
Assn., said his m embership had gone on record opposing the legislations. 
Also opposing was Edward C. Sulli­ van, form er board chairm an of Lone 
.Star. 
Testifying for the Senate bill, and later in the day the House version, li­ terally was a star-studded lineup. 
Bob Lilly, form er all-pro with the 
Dallas Cow boys, and form er astronaut 
C h arles Duke, who w alked on the moon, took their turns boosting Jones’ bill. 
Perfect for fishing’ 

Lilly, now a C o o t s d istrib u to r in 
Waco, said the seven-ounce bottle or can was “ just perfect for fishing. It won’t get hot or stale before you can drink it.” 
Lilly also boosted the 16-ounce size as a “ man-sized beer, just right for 
Texans.” 
Duke, who is a Coors distributor in 
San Antonio, and New Braunfels, was joined by C harlie K app of M iller 
Brewing Co., in backing Lilly’s testi­ mony. 
Of all the distributors in Texas who were against the bill, there was at least one exception. 
Buddy Bray, a Baytown distributor, said he favored the variety of sizes, particulary the seven-ounce size. . 
He said it would be “ a degree oi moderation. Women want the smaller size,!' 
For his part. Jones says he doesn't like the idea of regulating the size of beer cans or bottles people must drink from. 
Greater choice 

Moreover, he’s sponsoring the legis­ lation because “ it w ill give the 

 consum er greater choice.” 
The Senate com m ittee gave Jones’ bill a narrow 7-5 vote of approval. 
It came when the panel turned down a motion to send the bill to subcom ­ mittee made by Sen. John Traeger of 
Seguin. 
Sen. Glenn Kothmann, the other San 
Antonio m em ber of the Liquor Regu­ lations Committee, voted with Traeger in the losing cause. 
Later, in the House, the same lineup for both sides met with reverse results. 
Both bills have a m oriatorium fea­ ture in them. 
Jones’ bill would not allow the sale of the new sizes in Texas for one year if the law is changed. 
Moratorium 

Maloney’s bill has a two-year m ora­ torium. 
“ This would give Texas brew eries tim e to gear up to produce the new sizes without being subjected to unfair competition by a flood of various sizes from brew eries alread y producing them out of state.” 
Jones’ bill now heads for the House, where it will be sent to committee —■ the sam e com m ittee that heard the 
Maloney m easure and sent it to sub­ committee. 
Here the Jones bill can expect about the sam e treatm ent. The end result could be a combined version of the two bills being sent back to the House Li-, quor Regulations Committee. 
Assuming the House panel approved the bill, it would be sent to the House 
Calendar Committee in an attem pt to get it before the full House. 
Another vote 

Even if the House were to adopt it. if it is a combined bill it would have to go back to the Senate for one more con­ curring vote. 
Is there time for all this? 
From here it appears highly unlike­ ly. 

Amigos Foods wins small business award 

Ralph E. Velasco Jr., president of 
Amigos Foods, has been presented the 
Sm all B usiness A d m in istra tio n ’s 
South Texas Small Business of the 
Year Award for 1976. 

G E O R G E NIDIFFER 

Amigos Food, 4535 VV. Commerce 
St., was selected from a group of 15 outstanding businesses by the SBA 
Advisory Council, a group of business and professional leaders from 55 Texas counties. 

The award was presented at the group’s spring meeting last week in 
Laredo. 
“ Mr. Velasco is an outstanding ex­ ample of how one man and his family have taken a sm all San Antonio tortilla factory and built a nationwide distri­ bution sy stem ,” said Bob W ilkes, chairm an of the SBA council. 
“ The company is a fine example of sm all business, the free enterprise system and the results of dedicated, disciplined effort,” he said. 
Velasco began in 1952 in a small family food processing operation mak- ing to rtilla s and chips. He soon 

 changed the name of the company and added tamales and flour tortillas. 
The first major expansion of Amigos 
Foods was m ade possible by increasing sales and assistance pro­ vided by SBA through the guarantee of a local bank loan in 1955. 
In 1959, the firm expanded into canned goods and in 1965, the Amigos bean dip line was introduced, followed, in 197o, by the first automatic zip-top can line. 
By the end of 1976, sales reached $2.3 million and the company employed 1o3 people. 
M exican freight cars due 
Texans and others in 
The company obtained 
M issouri P acific Rail- m oo cars from the Na- road/s 12-state service (ionaj Hallways of Mexi- te rrito ry will soon be co fnr custom er freight seeing freight cars from loading due to a recent 
M exico pass through record demand, their areas. 

 tors will be veterans of the fair. 
Another economic m easure, F rost said, was the decrease of the num ber of types of products that will be dis­ played. 
“ They have cut back to about seven, catagories instead of trying to bring something of everything they export,” he noted. The absent products will mainly be in the heavy industrial m a­ chinery fields. 
“ They are encouraging the products they really plan to sell. They really mean business,” he said. 
The move is toward featuring one particular type of product such as an electronics or home and garden show, 
F'rost said. . 
“ When they go to, say, an electron­ ics fair, they would probably have four or five exhibitors bunched together but it wouldn’t be a Mexican Fair. 
Discussion 
“There is a proper discussion am ong m anufacturers over which is the most efficient to sell at. T hat’s one of the reasons we really need to come up with some sort of perm anent trade center if it is at all feasible,” he said. 
He term ed the promotion of a per­ m anent trade center as vital to the continuation of what was started with ! the \hfxican F'air. 
When asked about the three different plans proposed recently for just such a c e n te r, F ro st responded, “ I th in k ! everyone has concluded there is not going to be but one successful one and at this point, I don’t have any p a r­ tisanship. I just want one.” 
The Mexican Trade Fair could serve as the spark to making San Antonio the trading focal point in this part of the country, he said. T hat is one of its prim e benefits to the city 
“ Twenty-five per cent of San Antonio em ploym ent is retail and w holesale and that makes us a center of trade territory. 
Reason to exist 
“ If we don’t build all these things, we don’t . provide jobs and we cease to really have a reason to exist,” he said. 
“ When you get into a m ajor m etro­ politan area, your reason for existance 
— the reason that we are what we are and Boerne is what Boerne is — is that we provide a lot of services to a wide area outside the boundary of San An­ tonio. 
“ San Antonio is ‘now heresville to some of the people up FlasL I look at the Mexican T rade F'air as another way to project an image to the world that we are somebody,” .he said. 

WORKSHOP 

Continued from Page IG 

M exican-Am ericans are now moving into su p er­ visory positions,” Rodri­ guez said, 
“and our tra in in g program is in response to this positive change.” 
The course will include definitions of first-lin e supervisors, a discussion of the role a person in that new position might take, leadership styles,, work plans, motivation of su b o rd in a te s, se ttin g goals and handling spe­ cial problems. 
V erbal and w ritten com m u n icatio n s p ro b ­ lems that occur because of language and cultural differences also will be discussed. 
• 
, 
Exercises 
R affaele and R o d ri­ guez will present e x e r­ c ise s to help those 

 p a rtic ip a tin g becom e aware of their individual work p ro b lem s, u n d er­ stand what it m es'is to be a m anager and now to handle the a d ju stm en t from worker to manager. 
The final portion of the workshop is not for the first-line m anagers but for their bosses. 
“ The last half of the second day, R odriguez and I will meet with the supervisors of the first- line m anagers to share information that will help both parties function as a team ,” Raffaele said. 
The focus of the two days, however, will be on helping the M exican- 
American supervisor im­ prove m anagem ent skills and showing m anagers and supervisors that cul­ tural differences can be positive factors. 
The two-day program 

 will be offered April 25 and 26 and also May 16 and 17. Both sessions will be at the In stitu te of 
Texan Cultures from 8:3o a.m . to 4:3o p.m. 
F'or registration infor­ mation and fees, call the 
UTSA Continuing Educa­ tion Division at 227-9147. 

Savings and loan to open on June I 

George E. Nidiffer has been appointed president of Suburban Savings Assn., 811 S. W.W. White Rd. 
The financial institution is awaiting clearance from the Federal Home Loan Bank to finalize plans for a June I grand opening. 
Nidiffer, 47, is a veteran of the Texas savings and loan field with experience with F'irst' Federal 
Savings and Loan in Amarillo and later in New 
Braunfels. 
The fledgling savings and loan has reached a goal in the sale of stocks and exceeded expectations on pledges, according to Martin Weiss, chairman of the board of the firm. 
Rosy future 
Nidiffer sees a rosy future for the association. “ It is our intention,” he said, “ to bring Southeast San 
Antonio and Southeast Bexar County its first fully insured, full-line savings association. 
“ We are opening Suburban Savings in response to innumerable requests of businessmen active in the 
South W.W. White Road area,” he explained. “ The initial reaction to our stock offering has been im ­ mense and we are looking forward to a successful opening.” 

Crownhill Towers sold to two firms 

Crownhill Towers, home of the American Bank of 
San Antonio, has been purchased by a joint venture of an El Paso real estate investment trust and a local building firm. 
FII Paso’s Property Trust of America and Garrett 
Brothers Builders purchased the eight-story build­ ing at 87oo Crownhill Road. 
__ 
Property Trust obtained 75 per cent while the firm of Tom and Charles G arrett retained the rem ainder. 
The G arrett’s developed the building in 1974 and put it on the office m arket in 1975. 
Purchase price was not disclosed but, according to 
Jam es Polk, president of Property Trust, “ The m ortgage lender traditionally covers 75 to 8o per cent of the value of the building, so you can figure the price from that.” 
The new mortgage, by Mortgage and Trust Inc. of 
Houston, was for $2.2 million. 
The building has 67,ooo square feet of leasable space, according to Polk, and presently 98 per cent is occupied. 
The real estate broker in the transaction was Sage 
Western Realty of San Antonio. 

Here’s How: 
1. towel orerhoad and job sit# tofts. Overhead and labor at the job site account for an in­ creasing shore of building costs. Speed Fab-Crete cuts costs by m ast pr»duang port!* af our pie fit whiit the foundation and *kb are being poured. 
Panels a i then delivered to the job site and quickly erected. 

2. A design build company 
Speed fao-Crete has full planning, design end building capabilities from your idea to the finish­ ed product. Wa wiH also work from your pions. 
3. low maintenance and insurance costs. 
Theres nothing to wear out on a Speed fab-Crete building and lf decorative aggregates art used, no painting is necessary, because it's mode of cencreta, insurance rotes ara low. 
4. Speed of construction. because Spaed Fab-Crete is a modular systom, construction limo is cut considtrabiy. This results in lower interim finance costs end earlier ©t- 

WAREHOUSES as low as building under roof 15,ooo sq. ft. 
$ C o o or more n#sq. ft. 
Price includes: 
Building IOO' X ISO'. Slob and foundation on your level site, precast 4 int loodbeating walls 12 ft. high; steel bar joist, 3 ply built up roof system with 22 gouge metal decking and VS" insulation; 2 steel personnel doors, 2 steel 9 X 9 overhead doors; 14 gauoge metal fascia, scuppers. F.O.i. 3o miles San Antonio areo. All prices may vary slightly at different plants ond distances. 

ITS.', 
We offm'<Tmg!iMra«ponsible source for design ond construction at a guaranteed price within a specified time period. 
A. Highest quality. because Speed Fab-Crete buildings are made af cencreta and stool, longer term loans are avowable. You {ast can't buy a better building at anapnea. 

Panels are precast at alant, trucked to job site and quickly erected ana welded lute plan. 

'Specter'' 
Fill mm rn c m l auH.OttdC3 

1 6 5 1 9 F ro d n ric k s b u r a R d . 
R o u t * 2, B o x 3 o # 
Son A ntonio, Toxas 7 8 2 3 8 

CAU PUNT NEAREST YOU 
Son Antonio.......... 512/696-333o 
Robstown............... 512/387-4555 
Austin .................... 512/454-7911 
Other hoots bu ft. Worth, Dallas, Houston, 
WaaraauWa, 
A k. 
— 
Phoenix, 
Aril. 
— 
Naugatuck, 
Cawl. 
— 
Steeleville, 
IN. 
— 
SteeviRe, Mo. — Canon Qty, Nae. — High 
Paint, N.C 

PROFESSIONALS 
^EXECUTIVES 
We’re Doing Something 
Special For You. 

W e’re doing something special, because you represent a special group of people. 
People whose achievements are above average. People whose entire financial picture demand special attention. With this in mind, we have created a unique specialized service: The NBC 
Professional Sc Executive Division. It covers a full range of financial services 
. . . both business and personal money management. 

P & E Division is a one-on-one service. 
We’ve even set up separate offices on the 3rd floor mezzanine of the NBC 
Tower. Staffed with experienced bankers, the quiet atmosphere is conducive to planning and discussion of any money management from long- range investments, retirement plans, commercial lending, opening personal or business accounts, or whatever. 

You have particular banking needs, and we are sensitive to your time limitations. 
Please visit our offices, or phone ahead for an appointment. 225-2511, extension 
596. Ask for Bill Hudnell or Ed 
Guzman. If it would be more convenient for you, we’ll arrange to visit with you at your office. 

National Bank of Confidence. 
National Bank of Commerce. 
DOWNTOWN AT SOLEDAD. MARTIN & PECAN/SAN ANTONIO. TEXAS 782o5/FDIC 

I 
A 

□ P R IN T-Q U A U T Y C O P IE S — New Dri- 
Tone process. N o liquids. Monotoner replenishing. High contrast Bond-like copies with the look and feel of fine printed literature. 

□ ROLL-FEED & SHEET-FEED — Copies are trimmed to size from a roll of paper inside. Single-sheet bypass lets you switch from roll paper to different size sheets without reloading the copier. 

□ C O P IE S UP TO I I “ x 17” — Copy colors, photos, drawings, form letters, legal papers — anything up to 
I l ” x I 7 " in size. Copy books and 3D items. Double-hinged cover for better exposure of dimensional items. 

Sunday April 17 1977 

BOND COPIER 3oo High-contrast, low-cost copies on plain paper. 

Don t let the price fool you The Apeco Bond Copier 
3oo out-performs other plain paper copiers costing substantially more Compare for yourself1 
“No-Halo” reproductions 
Copy letters, contracts, books and 3D items. Copy anything up to 1o'' x 14” on any kind of bond paper 
No more iattle-tale gray, halo images Get solid black, high-contrast copies that even some of today s most expensive plain paper copiers can t duplicate 
Auto-load electro-masters 
The copy-quality secret is rn the new Electro- 
Masters and magnetic brush development system 
There are no costly drums to replace Just insert an inexpensive master into a slot It loads itself in seconds. The old master is elected automatically A light flashes to signal when it s time to repiaca masters to maintain optimum copy quality 

Cassette paper loading 
Pre-load the paper of your choree into quick-switch paper cassettes Change from letter-size paper to legal size, color stocks, or pre printed forms in seconds Cassettes keep paper neat, clean, wrmkie- free They're easy to stack, easy to store 
By-pass for 2-sided copies 
Cut costs in half by copying on both sides of a single sheet Save on mailing costs, collating and stapling time-e ve n filing space Make single copies on color stock, letterheads, odd-sized paper, etc. without changing cassettes Simply insert sheets into the by-pass slot 

Swift and simple 
Place your original on the copy top. &8t the dial for the number of copies you need (1 to 2o), and press the Print'' button Clear, ready-to-use copies are counted out quickly and automatically Turn it on in the morning, and after a short warm-up, it s ready to perform instantly all day long. So simple, anyone can get fine results the very first try 
!)o-it-yourseif serviceability 
Correct minor stalls with no service-call delays 
Readily-accessible. slide-out assemblies let you clear paper hang-ups easily Solid state circuitry, modular construction, and quick-change components minimize downtime and deliver greater time. money, and work-saving reliability, 

A peco 3oo 
BOND COPIER 

Follows the copy flow 
Rolls easily from department to department to cut down copy work pile-ups. Optional roll-about stand holds supplies for thousands of copies. 

COPY DISTRIBUTING COMPANY, INC. 
1215o VALLIANT PRIVE 
342-4111 

THE REVOLUTIONARY NEW PROCESS 
IN OFFICE COPIERS 
ANY COPIER SYSTEM THAT PROMISES TO SAVE YOU 
MONEY SHOULDN’T COST YOU A FORTUNE 

Performs As (lood As It Looks 
□ 

□ 

□ 

□ 

C O M P A C T & PORTABLE — Rugged, high-style molded housing with desk­ top compactness. O nly 2 9 ” long, 
19.75” deep, and I 1.5” high. It plugs into any standard I 1oV, 6 o Hz. outlet. 

A U T O M A T IC O P E R A T IO N — Dial the number of copies you need — I to 
2o. Or, set it on “continuous” for long production runs. All controls are at your fingertips. 

EASY TO OPERATE, L O A D A N D 
SERVICE — N o special operator needed. Light signals when paper or maintenance is needed. G et inside easily for fast paper reloading, service, or component changes. 

ATTRACTIVE PRICE, T O O ! Bond-like copies at a fraction of the cost of a bond copier. 

COPY DISTRIBUTING COMPANY, INC. 
1215o VALLIANT DR. 
342-4111 

DISTRIBUTED BY CO PY 
DISTRIBUTING C O M P A N Y 
SER V IN G THE NEEDS OF SA N 
A N T O N IO FOR THE PAST 14 
YEARS 

A r r o w 
Charcoal 
Briquets 
B ag 
^ 

A r r o w 
Charcoal 
Lighter 
Q u a r t 

H i-D ri 
Paper 
Towels 

Ju m b o 

Roll 

C h arm in 
Bath 
Tissue 

4-Roll 

P k g . 

69 

49 

79 

COOKIES 
MOTHER’S,. 
SPECIALLY MARKED PACKAGES 

 m o tT |H le|R ls 

I 9 O Z . 
B a g 

25° OFF] 
TOUR NEXT CARTON 
( 
Coke QUARTS ( 

VALUABLE COUPON 

MVE 25s 
When you buy one ( I ) 16 -o z. Jar Heinz Onion or 
Onion/Smoke 
Bar-B-Q Sauce 

With this coupon. 
Coupon expires April 2 3 , 1 9 7 7 . 

VALUABLE COUPON 

SAVE IHF 
When you buy one ( I ) 2 -Lb . Can Piggly Wiggly 
Instant 
Chocolate Drink M x 

VALUABLE COUPON 

MVE 25* 

Attorn you buy two (2) 1 o -o z. P h i*. Swan Jon's Chopped Sirloin, 

Fried Chi chan, M e a tlo *, T u rle y , W eM em , or Salisbury Fro w n 
TV Dinners 

With this coupon. 
Coupon expires April 2 3 , 1 9 7 7 

W 
K 

VALUABLE COUPON 

MVE Z P 
When you buy one ( I) 12-C t. Box Piggly Wiggly 
Overnight 
Disposable Dtapsrs 

With this coupon. 
Coupon expires April 2 3 , 1 9 7 7 . 

 a > > ?\v\' « j , 

O O O 

Poge 
8-G 
Son Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— Sunday April I 7 I977 

S P E L L E R S 
Bulletin 
Board iU 

 v ■» 
1 -V • • 
*«i t i , 

WHAT’S 
COMING UP IN 
SAN ANTONICH: 
THIS WEEK 

J A M E S B E N J A M IN 
M IC H A E L J IM IN E Z 

C O R Y C O FIELD 
C A T H A R IN E RICE 

Library dedication today 

Bexar County’s first independent public library will be dedicated at 2 p.m. Sunday, followed by open house until 5 p.m. 
The Northwest Community Library, at Evers and 
Poss roads in Leon Valley, has been accepted as a provisional m em ber of District IO, Texas State 
Library System. 
The library, the first of its kind in Bexar County, is the result of much work and effort by volunteer workers from the surrounding neighborhood. 
The volunteers, calling themselves Friends of the 
Northwest Community Library, spent months ac­ quiring shelves, equipment, furniture and books. 
The library’ is being housed in a portable building provided by Ray Ellison Industries. Leon Valley provides land and upkeep. 
A library board of trustees has been named by the 
Leon Valley City Council. 
The new library is staffed by volunteer workers from Leon Valley and other Northwest Bexar County communities. 

Childbirth group to m eet 

The Alamo Childbirth Training Assn. will offer a course in early prenatal education from 7:3o to 9:3o p.m. Tuesday and April 26 at Santa Rosa Hospital 
Outpatient Clinic. 
The classes are recommended for parents-to-be through the sixth month of pregnancy. The four-hour course covers nutrition, exercises and anatomy and physiology of pregnancy. 
Labor and delivery instruction will not be included in the course, but information about classes for childbirth preparation in the Lamaze method will be available. 
E xpectant couples m ay re g iste r by calling 
342-3311. Fee for the two-session course is *$3 per couple. 

Speech topic o f discussion 

Dr. Mary Lovey Wood, speech pathologist, will discuss “ M isdiagnosis of the Severe Language 
Handicapped Child’’ at 7:3o p.m. Monday in the 
Trinity University Sams Center Ballroom. 
The program will be sponsored by the San Antonio 
Assn. for Children with Learning Disabilities and members of Trinity’s continuing education course on the Learning Disabled Child. 
Dr. Wood is co-director of the Austin Speech, 
Language and Hearing Center. 

 m i c h a e l m a r k w o o d s h e r r ie h o o f a r d 
Science seminar slated 

A three-day conference on nondestructive evalua­ tion opens Wednesday at El Tropicano Motor Inn. 
Charles Hellier, president of the American Society for Nondestructive Testing, (ASNT) will deliver the keynote address to more than IOO scientists and engineers: 
The lith annual symposium is sponsored by the 
South Texas Section of ASNT and the Southwest 
Research Institute. 
Martin Goland, institute president, will welcome participants during the 9 a.m. opening ceremonies. 

X-ray unit sites listed 

The American Lung Assn.’s Mobile X-Ray Unit, which checks for tuberculosis, will be in area counties this week. 
Monday the unit will be at the Jourdanton School 
Campus from 9 a.m. to noon. From 2 to 4:3o p.m. it will be at the Charlotte Junior High in Charlotte. 
Tuesday the unit will be at the H.E.B. Food Store in Pearsall from ll a.m. to I p.m. and from 2 to 6 p.m. 
Wednesday the unit will be at the Central Power and Light Co. office in Dilley from I to 7 p.m. 
Thursday it will be at the Devine City Hall from noon to 6 p.m. 
Friday the unit will be at the TV & Appliance Co. in La Vernia from 9 to 11:3o a.m . and at the 
Stockdale City Hall from I to 5 p.m. 

UTSA is seminar silo 

A seminar on “ Regional Environmental Quality 
Management: Economics, Institution and Techno­ logy” will be offered Wednesday at the University of 
Texas at San Antonio. 
Blair Bower, environmental management specia­ list, will present the talk from 12:3o to 1:45 p.m. in the University’s Science-Education Building, Room 
2.o1.o2. 
The program is presented by UTSA’s division of 
Environmental Studies and is free to the public. 
Bower is consultant-in-residence at Resources for the Future, a Washington, D.C., based environmen­ tal quality program concerned with researching the characteristics of environmental resource systems. 
CHAP m eeting is Monday 

CHAP (Children Have A Potential) will hold a monthly meeting at 7:3o p.m. Monday at the CHAP 
Activities Building, across from the Officers Club, 
Lackland AFB. 
Experts from various agencies will give informa­ tion and answer questions for CHAP members. 
CHAP families, members and interested persons are invited, Capt. Richard J. Hawkins, CHAP project chaplain, saicL 
Ex-teachers to elect 

New officers will be elected a i a meeting of in c 
North East Bexar County Area Retired Teachers at 
2 p.m. Tuesday in the old board room of Annex 2, 
1o214 Sommers Drive. 
Mrs. Ralph Vernon will show slides of her trip to the Holy Land. 
Preceding the meeting, gift-wrapped white ele­ phants will be exchanged. All retired and soon-to-be retired teachers are invited to attend. 
Call 826-1o63 or 824-4492 for more information. 

Special train in S.A. today 

A special Amtrak Passenger Train publicizing the 
Third Annual World Championship Old-time Piano 
Playing Contest will arrive in San Antonio Sunday afternoon. 
Ted Lenten will provide entertainment and sing­ song music during the stop. 
The train is traveling from Birmingham^ Ala. to 
Los Angeles. 
The contest it is publicizing is May 3o in 
Monticello, 111. 

Tax clinics scheduled 

Four free tax clinics are scheduled Thursday and 
Friday at the Airport Ramada Inn, IH41o at San 
Pedro. 
Tax accountant Phillip S. Fry will speak on “ How to Cut Youi* Taxes Under the New Tax Laws.” 
•• • 
Fry of New Concord, Ohio, is the author of ll books on tax and estate planning. 
The clinics will be 6 p.m. and 8:3o p.m. Thursday and IO a.m. and 2 p.m. Friday. 

S H A U N A LY N 
D IA N E LO P E Z 

M IC H A E L JU A R E Z 
D IA N N E LYLE 
Spelling bee swells by IO 

Ten additional San Antonio area young­ sters have made their bid for the News 
R egional Spelling B ee cham pionship scheduled April 3o at Incarnate Word Col­ lege. 
Latest to enter are Jam es Benjamin, ll, a fifth grader at Shenandoah Elem entary; Michael Jimin- ez, IO, in the fifth grade at Hawthorne Elementary; and Cory B. Cofield, 12, in the seventh grade at 
Nimitz Middle School. 
Also, Catharene Rice, 13, a seventh grader at Riley 
Middle School; and M ichael Markwood, 9, in the fourth grade at Ball Elem entary School. 
Also entered in the contest are the following fifth g ra d e rs: S herrie G ail H oofard, l l , A rnold 
Elem entary School; Shauna Lyn, ll, Westwood T er­ race Elem entary; Diane Lopez, IO, Cable Elemen­ tary School; Michael A. Ju arez, ll, Fenwick Ele­ mentary; and Dianne Lyle, IO, John Glenn Elem en­ tary School. 
The deadline for entering the spelling bee is F ri­ day. Contestants will be vying for valuable prizes in 
“eluding an all-expense-paid trip to W ashington, 
D.C., in June to compete in the national spelling finals, a beautiful Zenith stereo system, a 3o-volume set of Encyclopedia Britannica and other valuable books. 
All youngsters who compete will receive spelling bee certificates designating them spelling cham ps from their schools and Express-News ballpoint pens. 

Johnson C ity is site o f art, crafts show 

SPECIAL TO THE EXPRESS-NEWS 

JOHNSON CITY - The Johnson City Art Guild will hold its lith annual Art and Crafts Show from IO a.m. to 6 p.m. April 24. 
The show will be in the City P ark on Highway 29o in Johnson City. 
No advance registration for craftsm en wishing to exhibit is necessary. T here is a $5 entry fee, however. 

WE DISCOUNT 
PRICE 
NOT QUALITY 
& 

^ 
OPEN * 

S U N D A Y 

,M.-8 PM 

J N V 

OPEN 
SU N D A Y 

1o A.M.-8 P.M. 
Od* 

TEAC DOLBY CASSETTE 

SEEHEEiO 

SM 

MODEL A-1oo 

SU N D A Y 
PRICE 

TEAC’S NEW FRONT LOAD 
CASSETTE 
DECK 
WITH 
DOIBY 
FOR 
CLEAN 
RECORDINGS, MODEL A- 
IOO, FROM THE LEADERS, 
TEAC AND CUSTOM. 

CO RICHMEIER S P E A K E R 

PIONEER’S HPM SERIES ARE THEIR 
BEST EVER. THE HPM IOO IS A 4 
# 
WAY WITH 12” WOOFER FOR 
O X * . ^ 
SOLID 
BASE. 
THE 
HPM 
4 o 
/ 
^ y 
TWEETER GIVES SPARKE- a 
ING HIGHS. 

HPM-1oo 
WHEEL’ N 
DEAL PRICE 

REPEAT OF A SELLQU o n cd p i o i M e e n ’RECF/vER 

& MF* 
A 

TURNTABLE $ 
ONLY 

PL53o 

PIONEER’S 

PL53o IS A 

FULLY 
AUTOMATIC 
DIRECT DRIVE 

TURNTABLE. 
199 IS 
OUR LOWEST 
ADVERTISED PRICE. 

1 9 9 

PIONEER’S MOST POPULAR 
RECEIVER THE SX65o HAS PLENTY 
OF POWER AND BEAUTIFUL FM 
RECEPTION. THE PRICE WILL BE 
POPULAR WITH EVERY ONE. 

S X 6 5 o 
A 

SOUND 

1 5 

A THREE WAY SYSTEM WITH 15" WOOFER. 
TODAY S BEST SPEAKER VALUE. QUANTITIES ARE 
LIMITED. 

SUNDAY SUPER SYSTEM 
CD PIONEER’ EC! 

WHEEL IN AND CHECK OUT THIS DEAL THE NEW M A RA N TZ RECEIVER, 

MODEL 2216 HAS AMPLE POW ER TO ORIVE ECI’S NEW IM PRO VED PHASE ll 

TOWERS, NOW WITH CIRCUIT BREAKER PROTECTION. PIO NEERS P IU S , 
SEMI AUTO TURNTABLE ROUNDS OFF A GREAT BUY IN STEREO. 

WHEEL 
DEAL 
PRICE 

'N $ 4 9 9 

PHILIPS CHANGER 
BIGSTON DOLBY cassette 

P H ILIP SI 
GA4o6 / 
^ l. 
/ 
\ 
MODEL 
\ 
GSD3oo I 

{“ lr 7* .* 
\ sis Js-jSPPp 

1 9 8 9 8 8 ® « 
RECEIVER 

JUST ARRIVED AT CUSTOM 
HI FI, THE PHILIPS GA4o6, 
RECORD CHANGER WITH 
2 MOTORS FOR 
PRECISION 
OPERATION. OUR 
FIRST DISCOUNT. 

BOSTON S BSD3oo FRONT LOAD 
DOLBY CASSETTE RECORDER IS 
LOADED WITH EXTRAS, LIKE 
AUTO REWIND AND CUEING 
AT AN UNBEATABLE PRICE. 

MODEL 2226 

CHANGER 
ONLY 
THE NEW M ARANTZ RECEIVER 
MODEL 2226 OFFERS IMPROVED 
PERFORMANCE AND LOWER 
PRICE, YET STILL HAS 3 W AY 
TONE CONTROLS. 

INT RO DUCT IO N 
SPECIAL 
249 

SUPERSCOPE EM CONVERTER 

ADD FM TO YOUR 
CAR TODAY 

^PKMVIEER' SUPERTUNER 
RADIO GX5o5o 

THE NEW SUPERTUNER 
RADIO 
FROM PIONEER 
HAS 
PUSH 
BUTTON 
TUNING. 

CAR 

<? 
SUPER SYSTEM 

THE SUPER SYSTEM HAS PIONEER'S KP5oo 
SUPERTUNER CASSETTE WITH THE NEW AD3I2 
POWER BOOSTER AND TS692, 6X9 SPEAKERS. 

J I L FM STEREO 8 TRACK 

 mb?- * U .C e ^ -w *: m f 
’ 

MODEL 
5 1 7 

MOUNTS 
UNDER 

DASH TO ADD FM 

AND 8 TRACK TO 

YOUR CAR. 

[medallion STRACK 

MODEL 
5 6 4 

INDASH, 
AM /FM 
STE­ 

REO, PUSHBUTTON TUN­ 

ING AND 8 TRACK FOR 
ONLY. 
K O B S HEADPHONES 
K6LC 

WITH VOLUME 
CONTROLS 

BIGSTON CASSETTE 

BLANK TAPE 
249 
BASF CASSETTE 
STUDIO SERIES 9o 

MAXELL CASSETTE 
UDXL ll-C-9o 

SCOTCH 8 TRACK 
9o MON. LO NOISE 

MAXELL REEL 
UD35-9o 18oo’ 

D E S K S IZ E 
P O R T A B L E 
R E C O R D E R 

SCOTCH REEL 
2o7-18oo’ 
MODEL KD13o 

/. 
T*&f. ti i i ? b i/to u n T l " i I c e n te r 

■" ‘ ■ ’V,*’ iv1 \ i . 

SPECIAL PURCHASE 

EG 
1275 

BIG 12” 
WOOFER IN A 
3 WAY SPEAKER. 

OPEN SUNDAY 

I N 
FREDERICKSBURG SQUARE mmmmmmmm iii ilium mini— m w 

By LACEY FOSBURGH 
Her bedroom is the last room in the house to get the sun. It faces north, high on a hill above the city, looking out over China­ town and Alcatraz. 
The sun doesn’t reach her window until 3 or 4 in the afternoon, when the shadows have turned around and the fog is already on its way toward the 
Golden Gate. But even when the sun to u c h e s this high V ictorian place where the windows arc tall and nar­ row. it never gets inside. For the cur­ tains are always drawn — as if or so­ meone ill or dying lived there. 
The woman inside looks at the wall of curtains and plays with her hair, files her nails and reaches over to touch her toes, an exercise routine, a dozen times a day. She puts on coat after coat of nail polish, in different shades of frost and peach, and looks through magazines, finding dresses that she'd like to buy. 
E very m orning she goes to her jewelry and decides which of her It) to la little turquoise rings she will wear that day. 
She usually chooses som ew here between three and six, and will often add, for good measure, other rings of g a rn e t and gold. She eats white powered doughnuts and potato chips, and likes to talk about the boys she used to know. 
She says her favorite music is from 
“ C aro u se l,” and she w ants a date book, pretty and expensive, so she can w rite down all the things she does. 
Right now she has only a little two by three-inch pad that came for free with a purchase in a stationery store. The pages are nearly blank because there is very little that she does, what there is — “ lunch with Nan.” “ lunch with 
Trish,” is, after all, quite easy to re­ member. 
If she forgets about the curtains and pulls them open, her mother may come by and say, “ Now, Patty, you keep them close, I’m telling you. Don’t open them. It’s not safe, you hear? 
Somebody’s going to shoot at you. You hear?” 
This is IGOI California Street, Nob 
Hill, one of the best addresses in San 
F ra n c isc o . This is the sixth floor penthouse where the rent must be at least $2,ooo a month, the ceilings are 2o to 3o feet high, and three people are in residence. Four, if you count Cecile, the maid in the white starched uni­ form. 
T h e re ’s Mom, and Dad, and then there’s one of the most famous people in the world. She weighs IOO pounds and stands five feet off the ground. She floats inside a size five dress. 
She is the criminal. Patricia Camp­ bell Hearst, a convicted bank robber with a six-year sentence in front of her. 
Right now she is what they call “ re­ leased on bail pending appeal,” and her life is in limbo. 
For more than four months, Patty has been home seeing fam ily and friends, yet she continues to be an en­ during enigma. She stands apart, a magnet for everyone’s musings. 
She can be considered from the point of view of psychology, sociology and even philosophy, for her case raises questions about whether there is equal ju stice under the law and whether everyone’s actions, in some sense, do not. remain as inscrutable to oneself and to others as do hers. 
Patty Hearst is still as baffling a s t ever. To her relatives and to outsiders* alike, and perhaps even to herself, she is as much a mystery today as she has been all along. People call her “ enig­ m atic,” and they are right. 
“ It’s really difficult for us,” admit­ ted someone who sees her often, “ but we’re in almost as much of a fog about 

Patty today 

From so c ia lite to ca p tiv e lo bonk rob b er 

 lo fu gitive . 

 nn~Bn— iii iii—ii ii I'inwwniw her as everyone else. There’s a million things we want to know about what happened to her, and we don't ask. 
“ Sometimes, every now and then, when she is feeling loose and so am I, 
FII ask lier about something. But her face goes blank, totally flat, and this look of hostility conies over her. Ifs just incredible. And what do you do bul change the subject? 
“ But you don’t even have to do that, because suddenly she’ll change again, in less than 3o seconds, and the look'll go away and she’ll say something like, 
‘Oh, why doesn’t so-and-so wear his hair differently?’” 
Patty herself can provide some in­ sight into this. Last fall in jail, she was arguing angrily with an inmate when the woman asked her, “ Are you going to testify against Wendy Yoshimura?” referring to a former comrade in the 

 lo d e fe n d a n t. and ciip iivc aiwain 

Symbionese Liberation Army. 
And Patty shrieked in response: “ I don’t know. I never know what I'm going to do until I do it.” 

What ever she is to herself, to outsiders Patty Hearst is a product of second-hand information. It seems as if she were created by lawyers who must have decided, long ago. that the nature of her personality — “a victim coerced” or “ a willing partner” — was the crux of her legal case. 

They d id n ’t say she could have changed or grown as a result of her kidnapping in February 1974, and the subsequent events, or fallen in love with one youtig man nam ed Willie 
Wolfe and then done things she now regrets. She was, specifically, convict­ ed of robbing a branch of the Hibernia 

Bank with m em bers of the S.L A. in 
May 1974. 
One month later, Willie Wolfe and five other people in the band burned to death in a holocaust in a Los Angeles house. Patty had left only hours before. 
The question of “ Who is P atty 
Hearst?” is a secret on which her fu­ ture depends. 

Nobody will talk to a reporter about 
P atty without first receiving great promises of anonymity. Mr. and Mrs. 
Hearst refused to be interviewed for this article, and are said to feel enor­ mous distrust, perhaps appropriately, toward the press in general. Hearst regularly asks the guard to pledge that they wili not write a book about her. . 
Miss Hearst is scheduled to go on trial again sometime this year on ll more felony counts in Los Angeles. She 

I I I 
W l H 
I W 
I I 
P 
I i r i 
W 
' i 
■ 
' 
W l l 
M 
W has been out on bail since Nov. 19. 197H. 

But one month earlier, when she was recently sentenced and still in jail. 
P a tty H earst suddenly began to scream and yell. She seemed uncon­ trollable. According to other inmates, she viciously banged lier forehead against the wall and scratched her hands ragged on the cement. .She was bloody and cut. She refused to work and she said she couldn’t stand con­ finement one more minute. 

One month later, Randolph Hearst posted $1.5 million in bail, $1oo,ooo iii cash, and brought his daughter home from jail. He also promised the court to pay whatever it would cost to have three to six armed guards on duty ar­ ound her 24 hours a day. every day. 
The guards, mostly off-duty police­ 

 men, get $8 an hour, and the minimum * cost to Hearst is said to run close to 
SHOO a day. 
Patty Hearst came home in a long black limousine with guards in cars in front, and guards in cars in back. They had rifles, pistols, walkie-talkies and * machina guns. 
It was Friday. She went upstairs to a home she had never seen. Her parents had moved while she was “ away. but there was the sam e collection of an­ tique Greek vases, the same Oriental rugs from her grandfather’s castle at 
San Simeon, the same family portraits, and her bedroom, as always, was lilied with stuffed animals. 
E veryone began d rin k in g c h a m ­ pagne and Mrs. Hearst, a strikingly beautiful woman and a devout Roman 
Catholic, kept saying, “ All our prayers are answered. You’re home . . . AII our prayers arc answered. You’re home.'’ 
Patty held hands with her sisters and ate plates of sh rim p and said she wanted a guard dog. 
\ 
Hearst. chairman of the board of the Hearst Corp., president of The San 
Francisco Examiner, an an extraor­ dinary charming man, walked around the room and couldn’t take his eyes off his daughter. Willie Hearst, Patty's favorite cousin, gave her lots of hugs. 
Nobody left until after I a.m., and 
Patty didn’t go to sleep for the next 24 hours. 
Two days later. Sunday night, the family drove down Nob Hill in the 
$24,ooo silver Mercedes, half a block to the exclusive Stanford Court Hotel where the Hearst attorneys and their staff had occupied as m any as 35 rooms a night during the four-month trial last year. There they had their first dinner out together. 
Guards with guns and walkie-talkies were positioned all over on the lookout for trouble, and in the dining room downstairs, ll people, including the family and the cousins, Patty’s Epis­ copal priest and her Boston lawyer, ate dinner. 
Patty had "little snails in clay pots” for $3.75, duckling for $11.95 and mousse au ehoeolat for $2.25. The total bill for everyone cam e to $393.o8. 
Hearst charged it. 
If Patty Hearst stays out of jail until next N ovem ber, which is likely, a rougli estimate of the cost to her father for one year of lier freedom falls in the neighborhood of what it takes to hire the services of Reggie Jackson and 
Steve McQueen. 
The g u a rd s alone m ight cost as much as $2oo,ooo a year. The guard dog has cost about $4,ooo so far, and the legal fees and expenses are said to have already gone well over a million. 
At the tim e of her kidnapping, her father spent ut least $2 million in cash trying to get her ransomed. 
Bul there she is, Patty Hearst. 
“ back” — the family euphemism for the phenomenon of being released on bail — “ back” at home with Mom and 

Think positive or so they say 

By DOI HLD G. 
SMITH 

The ST IT T EL Collection— excellence in taste 

Integrity is the best word to describe lamps and accessories by STI IT LL. 
The pride and skill of the artisan is evident throughout the entire collec­ tion in the meticulous detailing, su­ perb design and fine quality. Each 
STIEFEL design is a piece of time­ less artistry—a possession of value nd enduring pride to its owner. 
" I 

2819 N W LOOP 4 1o at Vonce Jackson 
Phone 34 1 81o8 
Open Mon Fri. IO a m 9 p.m. 
Soh IO a.m .-6 p.m. 

THINK POSITIVE! 
These words, this be­ ati and end-all philosophy of human salvation, have been flung with such authoritarian abandon in recent y ears that they have gained an almost unquestioned credibility. 
If we think positively, so the scenario goes, all good tilings will come to us: and the uncounted m illions of positive thinkers, who have re ­ ceived no tangible results 

SIZES l\V i to 2 6 */2 

An affair to remember 

Y ou ’re invited to ail affair when \o u want to look your best. For that verv special occasion or possibly a wedding. 
Here from a collection, a sheer chiffon poncho aglitter over a soft long gown of polyester with a jeweled sunburst at tin bodice. In blue, pink or yellow, 
STO. 
Bv Ambience 

NO. MAIN AY E. / MILITARY DR. PLAZA 
NORTH STAR MALL / WONDERLAND 

Also in Corpus Christi amt Houston 

First iii a se r ie s 

 w hatev er, continue in their blind and unques­ tioning allegiance, uns­ werving in their conv ic­ tions that someday the deserts will bloom and the great warehouses of milk and honey will be unlocked at last. 
To say that this is sheer baloney is to com­ mit a philosophical her­ esy. because everyone knows that positive th in k in g really works, even when it obviously doesn't work at all. This is p e rh a p s the m ost mystifying aspect of the entire phenomenon: That people who have received the least in rewards are those who seem to be­ lieve with the most in- 

See Our Complete 
Selection Now! 

Browsing 1-5 p.m. Sundays 

A stately, classic lamp with universal appeal, finished in distressed old brass. Shade is fashioned in an ivory shill tex­ ture over translucent Vinyl. 3- wav lighting controlled bv a convenient E-Z-Lite base swit­ ch. 3 8 l/2 in. high. 

San Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— Sunday April 17 1977 
It’s judges vs. Code as the battle rages 

By DEBORAH WESER 
The boiling d ispute over clerks and coordinators in Hie criminal district court system at 
Bexar County Courthouse isn't expected to sim m er down any time soon. 
District Clerk Elton Cude exploded in hot debate with the judges over the relative value of those two positions. 
He hacked his c le rk s to the hilt, claim ing coordinators in the courts are total wastes of money. 
The coordinator unit for the six cri­ m inal district courts right now costs about $16o,ooo a year and that should rise next month when the four new courts are reflected in pay costs. 
The ju d g es in sist — acco rd in g to 
Judge Preston Dial and Judge Jam es 
E. Barlow — that coordinators fulfill a para-legal function sim ilar to that of a law clerk. 
That would appear to be a good a r ­ gum ent but only three of the six coor- 

Potpourri 

People and Politics 

 dinators actually hold or are earning a law degree. Two are former clerks and the third was an executive secretary in the district attorney's office. 

Court clerks process the p a p e r­ work of the court — such as keeping track of cases to be disposed of and re c o rd in g d isp o s itio n of c r im in a l cases. 
A court coordinator, however, not only hefps prepare legal briefs in some instances, but also oversees all court personnel to help speed up the crim in­ al justice system. 

The politics of the argum ent shape up as control over personnel. Office­ holders, after all, always like to have a few jobs to hand out here and there, as one observer put it. 

The o th er side of the coin is alle­ giance: Can any work unit function effectively if its m e m b ers owe alle­ giance to separate bosses? 
Cudc, by law, is obligated to run a court records and information system. 
The ju d g e s have to use it — as do prosecuting and defense attorneys — if justice is to be served well. 
WolfFs getting that old 
Congressional itch again 

Boiler 
Room 
Ca ai pa ign in i see! I a ii ea 

AND isn't former State Sen. 
NEL­ 
SON WOLFF already gearing up to m ake the race once again for the 21st congressional seat he failed to win in 
1974? . . . ironically. NELSON blamed him self for his first loss ever in an election to the fact he didn’t want the c o n g re s s io n a l s e a t b ad ly en o u g h . . . t h a t ’s all c h a n g ed now . . . he hungers for it hungrily . . . 

CITY Clerk GARLAND JACKSON, fre sh from an o u tstan d in g job in speeding out the result of the city’s elections, plans to forget it all with a short vacation in late May . . . it'll be 
JACKSON’S first vacation in nine years, and will come after the new council takes office . . . 

IT w asn’t noted .before, but three candidates in the "first, city election carried every single voting precinct in their districts . . . carrying all their boxes w ere C o u n c ilm e n 
GLEN 
HARTMAN and HENRY CISNEROS and newcomer to the council, 
JOHN 
STEEN . . . the other outright winner a t the first election, PHIL PYNDIJS, carried all the precincts in his district save one . . . • 

ONE of the strangest aspects*of the just finished election was STEEN'S neutrality in the m ayor’s race . . . 
LILA COCKRELL carried a bigger percentage of votes into the runoff from STEEN'S District IO than from any other district . . . in addition, 
STEEN had been chairm an of the 
Good Government League when the league selected Mrs. COCKRELL to carry its colors into battle in the 1975 race . . . be it rem em bered, however, that STEEN had ideas about going for m ayor himself that year, just as he is expected to have in 1979. when Coun­ cilman HENRY CISNEROS m ay be toying with the sam e idea . . . 

A LOCAL a tto r n e y h as a clien t thinking of filing a suit over alleged activities of poverty w arrio rs in the late city campaign . . . 

FOR those w ho wonder how so many of Dr. JOSE SAN MARTIN'S loyal. 

 dedicated volunteers could switch over to mayoral candidate JOHN MON- 
FREY’S campaign trail in the runoff after SAN MARTIN urged support for 
LILA, rem em ber that their dedication to the doc didn’t necessarily transfer over to the m ayor . . ; 
MONTREY offered more, if not in heaven, af least in more m aterial things on earth . . . 

COUNCILMAN HARTMAN gaining back a few of the 19 pounds he lost in the grueling campaign for re-election 
. . . he gained a couple of them back over the E aster holidays alone . . . 

WHILE U. S. Rep BOB KRUEGER is taking the initial steps before step­ ping into the U. S. senatorial waters, doughty U. S. Sen. ' JOHN TOWER isn't standing still . . . he paid cam ­ paign visits to Bandera, Uvalde, Hon­ do and Luling over the weekend and 
Easter break . . . the senator now ranks sixth in seniority among Repub­ licans in the Senate and 24th among all 
IOO m em bers . . . and. of course, he is the senior senator from Texas . . . 

Power 
Players 

Macers and shakers 

FORMER U.S. Rep. RON PAUL of 
Lake Jackson, who lost the November 
1976 election by less than 3oo votes and is contesting that loss, to address the 
21st Congressional District Conserva­ tive Caucus at I p.m. F rid ay at San 
Antonio's Airport TraveLodge . . . the caucus has about 7oo m em bers in tile d is t r ic t, and 1o.ooo in T ex a s . . . 
Chairman of the caucus in the 21st. is 
San Antonian GLENN F. CLAMP, a re tire d Air F o rc e in te llig e n c e m an 
. . . CLAMP is working to build the relatively new caucus up in the arca, hitting neighboring towns to drum up in terest . . . the caucus, which has 
125,ooo m em bers in a little over a year, is dedicated to uniting conservatives for effective political action in every single one of the 435 co n g ressio n al districts . . . 

C ude’s system is com plicated but computerized and appears to spit out information effectively when asked. 

No one has challenged that, oper­ ation. 
Cude claims the judges don’t under­ stand his system or how it works. He insists repeatedly that his clerks can do the work of the coordinators without the added expense of additional em ­ ployes. 
Dial and Barlow openly disagree. 
Says Barlow: 
“ The real honest-to-God problem is there are areas in the state where the 
(district) clerk doesn’t run anything and that’s what's got him all nervous. 
He can fo resee it h a p p e n in g h ere, too! ” 
To which Cude retorts: “ I don’t think those judges know what I do! Every move I make, everything that I am is w ritten up in the law books. I’m an elected public official.’’ 
The burr causing some of the prob­ lem is the p ay d is c re p a n c y . 
Coordinators earn about $16,ooo a year w h e re a s cle rk s e a rn only $8,5oo to 
$12,ooo yearly, depending on seniority. 

Nobody disagrees on that. one. 
But no one — other than an unidenti­ fied clerk — has proposed raising the clerk of the court’s pay, yet. 
Coordinators w ere introduced into the courts about five years ago under term s of a special federal grant. Their presence was to speed up the process­ ing of cases through the courts. 
At that tim e, the court had only a clerk. The assistant clerk was added later. 

When the federal m oney ran out, 
Com m issioners Court — without any review of results — agreed to assume the burden of the coordinators’ unit. 

Cude is asking now that an indepen­ dent review of results and duties for both clerk s and co o rd in ato rs be u n ­ dertaken. Even Barlow* agrees on that one. 

C ude w ould like to see C o m m is ­ sioners Court contract out for the study 
— and pay for ii. 

Meanwhile, a sim ilar coordinating unit exists in the county courts. It, too. is financed with a federal grant. That g rant runs out. next y ear. The ru m ­ blings about continuation are under way now*. 

How Commissioners Court, will turn on th a t fu n d in g is an u n a n s w e re d question. The odds are against a longer life on county money, observers say. 
Ever< thing’s big in the Big 

Apple, including annoyances 

STILL ROTTEN? City Mgr. 
TOM 
HUEBNER back from a business trip to the BIG APPLE, also known as 
New York City, claiming he doesn’t like it any better now than 24 years ago. the last tim e he was there. As 
HUEBNER tells it. he was there with an Army buddy who encountered a lot of expense due to a stomach problem and coin operated toilets . . . 

CLEAN BILL: The folks who own and run the coffee shop at City Hall want it known that the roach ROSALIE 
RIZZO found in a salad was not in their coffee shop. ROSALIE, the secretary to 
HUEBNER, did discover a roach in a salad, an item which was duly reported in a City Hall news column. Some pa­ trons ap p a ren tly got the w rong im ­ pression because ROSALIE happens to work af City Hall. That doesn't mean she eats there . . . 

Around 
Town 

H a tell the newsmakers 

PHRASE 
MAKERS; 
Councilman 
GLEN HARTMAN describing himself as “ happy as a 1o-pound robin . . .” 
C ouncilm an 
AL ROHDE, who is leaving office: “ As I go into my twi­ light I would not mind being known as the 
No. 
I trashm an.” 
He was talking about how he would like to work to clean up the city in term s of trash and junk etc. . . 

MAYOR LILA COCKRELL putting in a busy last week what with the election and city business all merging. 
She had breakfast in her office. 

 finishing up before m ost City Hall types even got to work. . . 

NOT ONLY A RE San A n to n io ’s streets confusing, its political scene is co n fu sin g , Atty. G en. JOHN HILL com m ented here . . . “ I really don’t always know w hat’s going on in your politics,” he chuckled at a meeting of th e C ounty D e m o c ra tic E x ec u tiv e 
Committee. 
QUOTE OF THE WEEK: “ It s the only m edal I ever got outside the 
Purple Heart. And any fool can get shot,” Judge BLAIR REEVES saying as DAVE BURNETT Jr. pinned a 
Fiesta Commission medal to his hon­ or's guayabera the other day 
. . 

AND Judge AL KLEIN getting fan mail from an old school chum as a result of all the publicity surrounding his judicial appointment and sw ear­ ing-in . . . 

JST 
's A * 

 v 
• >“ ■ I - 

M 

■ Vs 

'V# -VV W 
' 
‘A* \ mw 
* 
SSfc&r ' - 
AVA 
A 
W 
: A?aA 

Who is this guy 

That handsomely bearded fellow with the vaguely familiar face is none other than former Precinct 3 County Com. Frank B. Vaughan 
Jr. W hile in office Vaughan was smooth-shaven but he recently returned from a vacation sporting these snow-white Lincolnesque whiskers. Come to think of it, Lincoln was a Republican too, wasn’t he? 
Staff Photo by Ron Jones 
Maybe if they pumped sewage 

THAT COAL slurry pipeline — de­ signed to speed coal dow n to Texas and 
San Antonio in water-filled pipelines — faces some serious problems in Color­ ado . . . 

The Colorado Legislature has passed a bill prohibiting the use of the sta te’s water in such projects unless the water can be shipped back . . . 

Drought-stricken Coloradoans just ca n ’t see pumping coal southeast with scarce water they need at home . . . 

WITH 43 CALENDAR days left in this 65th legislative session, only 94 out of 3,496 bills filed have found their way to Gov. DOLPH BRISCOE’S desk. . . 

The subcom m ittee “ deep freezes” are bulging, the Calendar Committee agenda is full lo the brim, and the truth of House Speaker BILL CLAY­ 
TON’S early session prediction is now' self e v id e n t............. 
CLAYTON had said early in the session fewer bills would be passed this session than last and the idea had a certain appeal for him . . . 

FOR THOSE who m ay have won­ dered what happened to the bill re­ pealing unlimited sick pay for San 
Antonio fire fighters and police after its swift travels earlier . . . the author, 
Sen 
FRANK LOMBARDINO of San 
Antonio, is standing firm on his vow not to get final passage until after the 

At The 
C apitol 

L u s t n u ’v k i n l u s t h i 

San Antonio city elections . . . look for the bill to em erge on the Senate floor this week and then go on lo the gover­ nor. 

THE COMMITTEE substitute bill calling for single m em ber district elections for San Antonio School Dis­ trict trustees is expected to re-appear before the House Com mittee on Re­ gions, Districts and Com pacts this week . . . this report from Committee 
Chairman 
RON BIRD revives hope for the bill now that Reps. 
DON 
CARTWRIGHT and MATI GARCIA have apparently worked out their dif­ ferences. 

AT A RECENT senate committee hearing, a sideline spectator got in the last word, which is no m ean trick against a skilled orator like Houston 
Sen. WALTER M ENGDEN . . . E x ­ pounding on the philosophy if you learn one new- thing each day, and 365 things in a year, in a lifetime you can become a highly intelligent person, MENG­ 
DEN said “ I learned so m eth in g to­ day.” “ Oh, good,” cam e back from the s p e c t a t o r s ’ a re a in a loud sta g e whisper . . . 
Me’s a real heavyweight 

By JACK KEEVER 

A SiO C 'A lED PRESS 

AUSTIN 
— 
Sen. 
Peyton 
McKnight is a political heavy­ weight — physically, too, he ruefully ad m its — with a knockout punch. 
Nearly 6-2 and 225 pounds, McKnight is a bear of a man, worrying about his weight and wondering about his poli­ tical future. 
He wants to be lieutenant governor but has thought about running against 
Republican John Tower for the U.S. 
Senate. 
“ I've seen a lot of g re a t and good men com e down th e p ik e an d the tim etable didn’t-work out for them , and th a t m ay h ap p e n to P ey to n 
McKnight,” he said. 
McKnight talked for an hour in his 
Capitol office prior to a House co m ­ mittee hearing on his proposed refin­ ery tax — the latest in a series of b at­ tles for the Tyler conservative, who calls himself a “ gregarious, friendly fellow.” 
In private conversation and on the 
Senate floor, often throwing his head back to laugh at his colleagues’ jokes, 
M cK n ig h t, in his d a rk b la z e r and striped tie, seem s the epitom e of a w ealthy, ch a rm in g Southern g en tle­ man. 
In fact, he is an independent oil man 
— cited by his in d u s try as an 
“ All-American W ild catte r” — s tu b ­ born and tough, and lie does not like to be taken for granted. 

"Two or three persons iii your dislriei say ilia! yon ought to he governor and sure enough you start believing it* 

His victim s include the m ajo r oil companies and some independents who tried to shove a forced oil unitization bill through the 1973 legislature and supporters of a new T exas C onstitu­ tion. 
On the companies’ side was Lt. Gov. 
Bill Hobby, who personally tried to round up votes for the bill, saying the bill would help ease the energy shor­ tage. 
Hobby’s strong support caused such a rift between him and McKnight that 
McKnight threatened to run against 
Hobby in 1974, a threat he never car­ ried out. 
McKnight recalls that even his old friend, Sen. Bill Moore, told him, 
“ P e y to n , I d o n ’t w an t you to be disappointed, hut you a in ’t going to win this fight. They’ve got too many h o rse s and too m a n y su p e rh o rs e s . 
There s no way you can win it, so don’t let it break your heart.” 
M cK n ig h t’s 18-hour d a y s instead broke the c o m p a n ie s’ b ack s as the 
Senate refused in the final days of the session to bring up the bill. The vole was 17-13, with one ab stain in g , and sponsors needed 21 votes. 
The proposed new constitution was, in McKnight’s words, “ pure poison.” 
Attacking it was a formidable job for a 

 senator with a nine-county regional constituency. 
Nevertheless, it was McKnight who was chairm an of the steering com m it­ tee of Citizens to Preserve the Texas 
Constitution, which opposed all eight propositions on the Nov. 4. 1975, ballot. 
In his m a jo r a d d r e s s , M cK n ig h t said, “ The revisionists may be shout­ ing ‘Power to the people’ but what they really mean is ‘Power to the legisla­ ture.’” 
Voters rejected all eight proposi­ tions bv overwhelming margins. 
The 2^ -m o n th cam paign s tren g th ­ ened M cKnight’s statewide contacts, and Hobby helped him e n la rg e his political base by appointing him this session as c h a irm a n of th e S en ate 
Nominations Subcommittee. 
The subcommittee screens hundreds of gubernatorial appointm ents from around the state, and most are pro­ minent in their communities. 

It is. no doubt, a lm o s t tim e for 
McKnight to decide what turn to take 
»4 a political career that began in 1948 when he w as e le c te d to th e T ex a s 
House of R epresentatives. T hat was one year after the World War II turret gunner got a degree from Texas A&M. 
He quit the House after one term but still rates as his proudest legislative 

 achievement the passage in 1949 of a bill establishing what is now the Texas 
Department of Mental 
Health and 
Mental Retardation. 
In 1952 he organized 44 East Texas counties for Dwight Eisenhower's first presidential race and was rew arded the following year with appointment as 
U.S. Marshal for the Eastern District of Texas. At 28, he was the youngest m arshal in history. 
McKnight credits Ralph Steen, then a history professor at A&M. with 
“ directing my energies and my studies and my thoughts, I think,in the right direction. I could have been a wildeyed revolutionary. I could have been a n ­ ything — a bum, I guess.” 
He remained active at state conven­ tions and in political cam paigns, but it wasn’t until 1972 that he ran and was elected to the Senate. 
He say s, h o w ev e r, he h a s b een thinking about a statewide race since he was in the House. 
“ I’ve never been very m odest,” he says. ‘I’ve always thought I had the ability. Two or three (persons) in your d is tric t say th a t you o u g h t to be governor or lieutenant governor and sure enough you start believing it.” 
Driving a Cadillac limousine that is so long it appears to need hinges to make a comer, McKnight already has the image of the rich, successful Texas politician. 
“ I think,” he says, “ I could do a credible job (as lieutenant governor). 
It would be the most satisfying thing I could do. I work a hell of a lot harder th a n any lo b b y is t.” 
SEN. PEYTON MCKNIGHT 

Goal o f Mooniest 
To kill self image 

Son Antonio EXPRE5S-NEWS— Sunday April 17 1977 
Page * 3-H 

By DANA GOSNEY 
REDWOOD CITY. Calif. (AP) - A chilled and nearly sleepless night was brought to an abrupt end as a boot thundered onto the wooden plank floor. 
It was 6:3o Saturday morning, and the children of the International Ideal 
City Ranch were squirming to life in the freezing coastal air. 
Moonies and their new recruits were scattered about on the floor of a converted chicken coop, som e still sputtering and snoring with sleep as I m ade my way to one of th ree tiny doorways. 
Best weekend 
What had been billed by my hosts as 
“The Best Weekend of Your Life” was beginning to unfold. I was the recruit butterfly leaving its cocoon, hungry for nourishment. Later I would find the 
“ nourishment” consuming me inch by inch. 
Johan Shahi, the man whose invita­ tion led me here, slipped up behind me as I stood drinking in the scenic beau­ ty. He was to be m y “ s p iritu a l partner” and would not leave my side for as long as I re m a in e d on the 
7oo-acre ranch. 
Guitar strings strummed a greeting as nearly 4oo young Moonies and their 
4o new recru its began to sing and sway, arm -in-arm to “ You Are My 
Sunshine.” The voices were full of life. 
Then came exercises, held in two gigantic circles, one within the other. 
There were the standard high .school gym class w arm ups with a taste of yoga thrown in for good measure. 
Ranch rules seemed easy enough to follow. There was to be no smoking, no drugs, and no alcoholic beverages. 
A fourth rule seemed at first to be as 

REPORTER Dana G osney of the 
R edw ood C ity , C a lif., Tribune tells about his two days w ith the 
Moonies 

 innocent as the other three. We were asked to leave our “ negativity” at the main gate, with the understanding that if we decided to leave, we could pick it up on the way out. 
“ Negativity,” as described to us. is a vague concept that encompasses hate, foar, anger, anxiety and skepticism. It also is used to discourage any critical questioning by recruits. That would be 
“ negative.” 
When our group went to a breakfast of granola, fruit and orange juice, I was introduced to an often-emotional little game called “ sharing.” It would be played with absolute regularity and require that we “ s h a re ” personal, religious, economic, educational and fam ily backgrounds w ith o th er members. 

On to lecture — an introduction to the series of five lectures that are the framework for the Unification Church. 
“ The Divine Principles,” repeated with scientific regularity, are the basis for all discussion and the justification for any activity. 
Jeremiah, my group leader, was left on stage to relate the com m unity ’s goals and the need to: 
• Open our hearts to the collective of 
God’s Children. 
• Do away with skepticism and learn to trust. 
• Do away with internal conflicts that, by their nature, produced world wide conflict. 
• Do anything that the “ creation” ( a yet-to-be-mentioned god or leadership figure) deemed necessary tor the pre­ servation of the collective being. 
Each new round of ideas brought howls and screeches from those around me. Some had the p re se n ta tio n memorized and were m outhing the words along with the speaker. Others were muttering, “ Yes, father,” over and over again. 
Be alone 
I could see that the principles were headed toward the justification and glorification of and blind obedience to the Rev. Sun Myung Moon, but those principles made unnerving sense. 
I was 15o miles from home, on a ranch isolated from the outside world, faced with a threatening new definition of truth and without a way to check my bearings in relation to these force-fed concepts. 
I wanted to be alone for a few’ min­ utes to collect my thoughts, but it was explained that self-reflection could have no value in the collective body. 
One had to be open with the “ brother:; 

 and sisters’ of the ranch. 
After lunch came the every-afternoon dodgeball game that provides physical activity between the second and third lectures. Then, after a short sharing period for reflection on the worldly m eaning and fulfillm ent of the 
“game,” we went back to the lecture. 
Sunday proved a re p e titio n of 
Saturday — lectures, discussions and games, all in the same order as the day before. As the day progressed, activi­ ties intensified. 
Believes 
I was pulled away from the afternoon dodgeball game by Johan, who led me off into the trees to plead with me to stay for another five days to “ learn the true meaning of life and the universe.” 
I could wait no longer and asked 
Johan to cut through the jungle of vagueness. Who was the leadership that had been sprinkled through all of the lectures? 
Johan h esitated , stu m b le d and fought with the idea of telling me the answer I sought. Finally, after a long silence, he said the group believes in the teaching of the Rev. Sun Myung 
Moon. 

He was quick in following up with the same sort of logic that had been list'd over and over in the lectures — the world is afraid of a new leader; 
Moon is not a bad person as the press would have you believe, he is simply another Jesus Christ, a new messiah who is being persecuted by those who do not understand. 
Determined 

There was nothing physically to res­ trict me from leaving cam p, but I sheepishly asked permission to leave. 
Permission was denied. 
(It’s important to understand that the thing that held me w as p sy ­ chological in nature. I had lost touch with the physical reality of being able to jump the fence at any time ) 

Forty minutes later, Johan and I emerged from the wooded area a few feet from the “ Chicken Palace.” My decision to leave was unchanged, but the Moonies clearly had not abandoned their determination to hold me. They had placed my sleeping bag in a spot that was impossible to reach without alerting the entire camp that I was trying to leave. 

 lf I needed further reason to flee the ranch, it came a minute later when I spotted a fellow recruit, Neil, as he lay weeping and n ear h y ste ria at J e ­ remiah’s feet. 
Neil seemed ton weak ami emotion­ ally shattered to leave the grasp of 
Moon’s “ Heavenly Children.” In fact, it appeared that I was the only recruit w ho would not remain among them. 
It was 6:3o p.m., 3V& hours after I had first asked to be released. 
Two steps beyond the gate, I exper­ ienced the sensation of falling and reached out to steady m yself. My stomach, after churning for several lours, forced its contents from my mouth. 
I had been on a voyage to the Land of 
Oz and had just been slammed back into reality. 
With the taste of vomit in my mouth and dirt on my fat e from catching myself as I fell, I turned to see what I had left behind. 
^ 
Then I began to weep uncontrollably,?. 
My own brush with the Rev. Sun 
Myung Moon was over, but I had grown to love those searching souls. 
I was crying for those I had left behind. 
Inventor's paradise 

W ASHINGTON POST SERVICE 

WASHINGTON — Jim Decker of Modesto, Calif., listed an immersion freeze-heat peeling process for fruits and vegetables on Technotec, Control Data's technology exchange subsidiary. 
Within a few months, he had negotiated licenses for the new process in Norway, Poland, Spain, Japan and the United States. 
“The Poles,” said Decker, “ are interested in the process to french-fry potatoes and ship them to a 
Western European market; a Norwegian company is interested in the process for fish.” 
The Technotec listing cost him only $68 and a few telephone calls. The process inventor, Decker estimates, soon will be earning $2oo,ooo to $3oo,oo annually from the sales of his quick-freeze im m er­ sion machine. 
Ed Harvey of Arlington, Va., an electrical engin­ eer and a maker of wooden toys, searched Technotec for queries on woodworking. He found that a group of woodworkers in Caracas, Venezuela, were seeking a process for bending wood without its splitting or cracking. 
Week's work 
Harvey’s answer to the query required only a week’s research here among literature from chemi­ cal companies and the USDA, but he provided the 
Venezuelans with information unavailable in Cara­ cas and earned himself about $35o for the effort. 
Matching a technological process and its potential user is the aim of Technotec, a technology transfer operation that is first to make use of worldwide computer network. 
The technology data is banked and retrieved form the Control Data Corp.’s $1 billion Cybernet network, which has more than 5,ooo computer terminals in more than 15o cities in 15 countries. 
Technotec was set up a year ago to take advantage of that network and to foster Control Data president 
William Norris’ personal interest in technology transfer. According to Ralph Sheehy, a Control Data spokesman, the purpose of communicating techno­ logies is to prevent time being wasted by “ a reinvention of the wheel.” 
Sheehy calls Technotec “ a yellow pages of tech­ 

 nology.” An inventor of a new process or technique can list his brainchild on Tecnnotec for a year at $1oo for a 1,ooo character description. 
Someone looking for the service can search the 
Technotec data bank, using a telephone or telex connection to a computer terminal, for an average charge of $8 to $1o, according to the time involved. 
If a searcher finds a process he believes will be useful or a query he believes he can answer, the fee is usually $5o for a contact. 
In a single year of operation, Technotec has listed some 1 1,ooo different technologies from 27o countries, according to Sheehy. 
The Soviet, Union has 47 listings. About IO U.S. agencies — including NASA (with 37 technologies), the Energy Research and Development Agency, the 
National Science Foundation and the M aritime 
Administration — are users of Technotec. 
The French atomic energy committee has listed descriptions in energy, chemistry, metallurgy and pollution control. 
Volkswagen in West Germany has described a portable solar radiation collector and a new pulse measurement instrument for medical use. India has described how to produce baby food from buffalo milk and caffeine from tea waste. 
Listings on the Technotec data bank are de­ scribed not as products but as processes. A search for the Technotec system using the key words “ fish 
. . . freeze . . . food,” for example, turned up the process that Decker listed. 
Who knows how many 

Control Data spokesmen say they have no way of knowing how many searchers have used the Tech­ notec syetem. Philip J. Bifulk, president of Techno­ tec, said that revenues from the Control Data subsi­ diary are included in the company’s product-line category, which last year showed a profit of $5oo million. “ We do not break down revenue figures below that level,” he said. 
According to Bifulk, more Americans are looking for foreign technology than th e re are foreign countries looking for American technology. 
Most exchanges on Technotec are still domestic, however. 
THINK POSIT! VE 

SPRING SEASON 
BOOK SALE 
$1 TO 14.98 

 tensity. 
Among the army of po­ sitive th in k e rs th ere seem to be two general types, the passive and the active. 
The passive thinkers believe strongly in “ good vibes.” They are convinced th at by concentrating hard e n ­ ough on som e g re a t benefit to be realized, some sort of force will be put into play that will jangle the sensitivities of the universe and direct all energies toward the realization of this objec­ tive. 
Thus, a man living in 
Cleveland who wants a job in Phoenix has but to direct all thought p ro ­ cesses in a southwesterly direction and somehow a 
Phoenix em ployer will pick up the vibrations and say to him self: “ I think I should hire this man in Cleveland.” 

The active positi­ vist is more inclined to come out of the closet. He wants to give the vibes a boost and app lies his personal energies to let­ ter writing, personal en­ counters, phone calls and any other reminders he can think of to give the dead horse another kick. 
He is often known as a pest, annoying everyone along his line of march and never adm itting to himself that something that isn’t going to happen just is not going to hap­ pen. 
The reason that these 

 people fail in their mis­ sions is that they begin their philosophical pro­ cess with a completely false premise: that good­ ness is a thing — a com­ m odity — that can be achieved as one would acquire a piece of pro­ perty. 
Suppose, however, that there is no such thing as goodness, or good for- 

 already have if we would just permit it to surface. 
“ No, I will not lend you any money. No, I will not serve on your committee. 
No, I will not attend your meeting. No, you will not spend your vacation with us. No, I will not donate to your cause. No, I will not listen to your sales pitch. No, I will not play charades. No, I will not 

W e d o n 't n e e d lu ck a n d ive don 't need a visitation fron t the p o o d fa irie s or a quick rub on the m a g ic la m p 

 tune, or any other type of tangible blessing. Sup­ pose th at goodness is nothing m ore than the absence of badness. Let us say that if nothing is going wrong, then neces­ sarily things are going right. 
What sort of heresy is- this? No goodness in the world? No, you d id n ’t h ear w hat I said. The hypothesis presupposes that w hatever energies are already flowing a r ­ ound us are essentially and basically good with­ out any luck factor being tossed into the process. 
We don’t need luck and we don’t need a visitation from the good fairies or a quick rub on the magic lamp. What we need is to p e rfo rm a 18o-degree about-face and offer a swift kick to the things that m ake us unhappy, rather than to spend our lives in a fruitless p u r­ suit of something that we, 

 attend your d a u g h te r’s recital.” 
Obviously, we cannot say no to such matters as working for a living, paying bills, un­ dergo in g s u rg e ry , a c ­ cepting jury duty, and other legal and economic necessities of life , alth­ ough some people have had amazing success in avoiding even these. 
We can, however, come up with something better than a mealy-mouthed, 
“ what else could I do?” or “ I was trapped” when confronted with someth­ ing that we do not have to do and, indeed, do not want to do. 
By saying, “ no” to the disruptive, unpleasant, unnecessary situations that are generally forced upon us because we don't know “ how to get out of it,” we can keep our lives on an am azin g ly high level of happiness and contentment. 

Think if of the things that you really want right now. Chances are that you will think of things that you want not to hap­ pen: the m echanic will not find anything wrong with the transm ission; your sniffles will not turn into a cold; the d ark clouds do not mean rain; the auditor will not find errors in the go books; your mother-in-law is not com ing to visit; the in­ spector will not find ter­ m ites under the house; your son docs not need braces on his teeth, 
If these things do not happen, the results will be happiness: a return to the normal and expected tranquility of living. Yet you have acquired noth­ ing. You have sim p ly prevented unhappiness and thereby made your­ self happy. 
The progressive, dyna­ mic negativist is against that which is evil, wrong or jUvSt unpleasant, be it sickness, crime, corrup­ tion, errors in the tele­ phone bill or cold toast. 
He isn ’t necessarily for a n y th in g and sees no need to be. 
As in the case of Saint 
Geroge, it was enough to be an ti-drago n. T here were plenty of pro-prin- cess hand wringers back at the castle. 

M O N D A Y in the 
News: Dynamic Ne­ gativism 
Copyright 1976 by Conoid G. Smith 
Reprinted from HOW TO CURE YOUR­ 
SELF OF POSITIVE THINKING by Donald 
G Smith, by permiuron of E A. Seemann 
Publishing Inc. 

SWEETS AND PUDDINGS, orig. 6.95 . . 2.98 
RICE AND PASTA, orig. 6 .9 5 .....................2.98 
SOUPS AND STEWS, orig. 6 .9 5 ................2.98 
FISH AND SEAFOOD, orig. 6 95 .......... 2.98 
CHEESE AND EGGS, orig. 6 . 9 5 ............ 2.98 
VEGETABLES AND SALADS, 6 . 9 5 ____ 2.98 
POPULAR FRENCH COOKBOOK, 6.95 2.98 
POPULAR ITALIAN COOKBOOK, 6.95 2.98 
MOTHER GOOSE ABROAD, 6 . 5 o ------ 1.98 
THE VERY LONG TRAIN, orig. 1 .9 5 .............$1 
I SEE A SONG, oges 4 -1 o , orig. 4.95 . 1.49 
A VERY LONG TAIL, orig. 1 .9 5 ....................$1 
VANUK VANUK, illustrated, orig. 5.95 . . . $1 
STONE HOUSE STORIES, orig. 4.95 . . . 1.49 
THE SECOND WITCH, illust. orig. 4.79 . . 1.49 
RUTH CRANE, adventure orig. 5.95 . . . . 1.49 
A TRIO FOR GRANDPAPA, 4 .9 5 .......... 1.49 
CARLITO’S WORLD, orig. 3 .8 3 ____ 
$1 
MINSTREL KNIGHT, orig. 6 .5 o ............... 1.98 
A BOOK OF SATELLITES FOR YOU, orig. 5 .9 5 ...................................................... 1.49 
THIS M A N JESUS, illus. orig. 3 .5 o .......... 1.49 
MAGIC SEE-THRU PICTURE BOOKS, orig. 2 .9 5 ...................................................... 1.29 
READ-A-ROUND STORYBOOKS, orig. 2.95 ea..........................................................$1 
RELAX AND STRETCH, orig. 7 .9 5 .......... 1.98 
AUSTRIA, color pictorial hist. orig. 11.95 
5.98 
NEXT STOP ATHENS, illus. orig. 8.95 . . 2.98 
GRAND CANYON, color photos, $3o 
14.98 
NEW YORK, pictorial history, I 1.95 
5.98 
BOOK OF BOUTIQUE CRAFTS, 9.95 
3.98 
BOOK OF POTTERY, orig. 1 2 .9 5 .......... 5.98 
BOOK OF JEWELRY M A KING , 12.95 
5.98 
ROSIE GRIER’S NEEDLEPOINT FOR MEN, orig. $ 1 o ......................................................... 1.98 
OLD STUFF IN UP-COUNTRY 
PENNSYLVANIA, $ 2 5 .............................. 8.98 

THE PRO GAME, basketball, orig. $2o . . 5.98 
HOW TO BEAT BOBBY FISCHER, $1o 
2 .9 8 
THE FREE EARTH GUIDE TO GARDENING, 
8.9 5 ................................................................ 1-98 
GARDENING WITH WATER, PLANTINGS 
& STO NE...................................................... 1.98 
FAVORITE ANNUAL FLOWERS, 7.95 
2 .98 
TREES St SHRUBS FOR YOUR 
G A R D E N 
.......................................... 2 .98 
NATURE THROUGH THE SEASONS, 6.951.98 
DIGGING IT, organic gardening, 5.75 
2 .98 
EASY PLANTS FOR DIFFICULT PLACES, 
6.9 5 ................................................................ 1-98 
THE ART OF LIVING WITH 
ONE’S CAT.................................................... 3 .9 8 
SLIP-UP, adventure, orig. 8 .9 5 ................. 1.98 
KIDNAPPING-ILLUSTRATED HISTORY 
4 .9 8 
LAUREL & HARDY SCRAPBOOK, orig. 1 2 .9 5 .................................................... 4 .9 8 
THE COLLEGE GAME, orig. $2o............... 3 .9 8 
GLENN MILLER AND 
HIS ORCHESTRA, $ 1 o .............................. 3 .9 8 
GETTING FIREO- 
AN AMERICAN ORDEAL......................... 1.98 
THE COM M ON MILLIONAIRE, 8.95 
1.98 
THE TIME IS N O W , novel, orig. 9.95 . . . 1.98 
AUGUST 1914, Solzhenitsyn, orig. $ 1o 
2 .98 
AMERICAN RAILROADS IN 
TRANSITION, $ 1 5 ..................................... 6 .9 8 
POLICE GAZETTE, anthology, I 2.5o 
4 .9 8 
SNARE OF THE HUNTER, orig. 7.5o . . . 1.98 
OPEN SEASON, novel, orig. 6 .95............ 1 .49 
BUD: THE BRANDO I KNEW, 7.95 
2 .9 8 
THE BOY W H O INVENTED 
THE BUBBLE G U N ..................................... 1.98 
BLANK BOOK, gold tooling sim. leather 
1.98 
THE ART OF BEING BEAUTIFUL 
AT ANY A G E ............................................... 1 .49 

Dillard’s 

SHOP MO NDAY THRU SATURDAY IO ’TIL 9 

VISITING family m e m b e rs , left, s ta n d a t th e e n tra n c e to th e M oonie c am p 

Gardening with 
Water, Plantings sod Stone izmmBAA* eau* rn®. 

} 

San Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— Sunday April I 7 1977 freedom 
U.S.S.R 

ASSOCIATED WESS 
MOSCOW - Sm all, tightly organized and ever wary of the police, the Soviet Union’s un­ derground Christian groups are still surviving in their eat-and- mouse game with government authorities. 
The sects, which refuse to register with the government’s Religious Af­ fairs Council include Baptists, Pen- tecostalists, Seventh-day Adventists, 
Jehovah’s Witnesses. Mennonites and 
Uniate Catholics. They all believe government registration, which is 

 required by law, would be a prelude to the suppression of their faiths. 
Therefore, while some Soviet Bap­ tists, Jews, Roman Catholics and Rus­ sian Orthodox believers still publicly attend the shrinking number of government-approved houses of worship, members of the underground religious groups are relegated to a shadowy, semisecret life. But they still show a good deal of energy. 
They publish thousands of religious books from secret printing plants and distribute them all over the country. 
They circulate newsletters clandestin­ ely to their members and collect mon­ ey. 

Recently, they have also organized public campaigns for the release of jailed members. 
Recent run-ins with the authorities reported by group members provide an idea of their underground life: 

•On March 14 in Tashkent, a man named Anatoly Kochergin was seized by police for transporting a cargo of 
2oo books illegally published by a 
Seventh Day Adventist printing plant. 
There has been no report of Kocher­ gin'*s fate, but Adventists expected him to be interrogated in an effort to learn where the plant is hidden. 
•On April 3, police broke up a 

 prayer service ot SO underground Bap­ tists on the outskirts of Moscow. The underground group is separate from the state-recognized Baptist Church, which has a church building in Moscow and accepts state-imposed limits on its evangelical activity. 
•Last November and December, a 
19-year-old Pentecostal army recruit in the Crimea, who refused to take the military oath because of his religious beliefs, was harassed by his military superiors He was deprived of proper work clothing, according to an appeal circulated by Pentecostalists and, as a result, became ill and was hospi­ talized. 

The nation’s underground Baptists, who split away from the official Bap­ tist Church in 1961. have membership of some 4o.ooo, according to best es­ timates. 

Some 4o members of their group are now- in jail on such charges as operat­ ing illegal Sunday schools and refusing to register their churches. 

The Baptists maintain close ties to the illegal branch of the Seventh-dav 
Adventists, who do not disclose their total number of members. They split 

Continued on facing page 

W reg. 119.97 gas grill with propane tank 

 mm rn reg. 34.88 
Big Boy water smoker 
2o-in. lawnmower 

3 H.P. Briggs & Stratton engine. Handle mounted throttle. 4-cycle with recoil starter. 

Made of rust-free aluminum. Stainless steel burner, heavy steel fire grate. 
AO hours of cooking time from a 2o-lb. tank. 

Heavy gauge steel, 15-In. plated grill with easily removed charcoal and water pan Keeps foods mots) and (uicy—cooks slowly. In colors of black, red and brown. 

 electrical charcoal lighter 
24-in. portable grill 

Electrical charcoal starter for fast light­ ing cookouts. 12o volts of power Starts charcoal fast with no mess. 2-yr. guar­ antee 

4-position grid with deep bowl and beaded nm. Sturdy tubular legs. Easy to assemble. barbecue tools,. . . 

Briggs & Stratton engine with ad­ justable curb wheel, fingertip throt­ tle control and depth control lever. 

 rnm&m reg. 27.S'* wagon smoker 

■ reg. 5,97 
1o- X 17-in. Hibachi 

Flip-top hood with two vent controls. Full- view window 5 position, adjustable fire pan. 
U.L listed motor. 4435-X 

Wrought iron patio table. Expanded mesh steel construction 
Slides open and closed on glide bar. Painted white. 

Cast iron body with 2 chrome grids. Adjust­ able to four cooking positions. Great for carrying along on picnics! 

Heavy duty, hot dipped galvanized steel foundation frame. Easy assembly— compietely pre-fabricated and pre-finished parts. 6o3 cubic feet of storage space. 

Don't stay confined to the house during those beautiful spring days! Go outside—relax in this sturdy vinyl lounge chair. 

 vinyl chaise lounge 

Sturdy frame with padded head rest. Multi-positional. Four excit­ ing colors to choose from 
BankAmericard 

” 
ASSURANCE THAT 

‘ Our p rescriptions are low p riced' lf you find a low er price, bring in your 

' prescription bottle and receipt, w e will refund the d iffe re n ce ' 
J 

, 
‘ D uon g the ad perio d, w e m atch all co m p e titio n s o n e tim e s p e c ia ls ' 
J 

Glebe aspirin leg. 79* 
3oo» 

o Afka Seltzer 
Bonus Foil 

 a a v 
4 Extra Tablets 36 s. 
Limit 2. 

PRO 
o 

 medium 

■J 

1 

 wgmmmmmmm 

 reg, 67* 

Pro toothbrushes 

Adult size. 

I (LcfmvcM'^uA'ntcn 

2oo 

£ Johnson & 
’’ Johnson swabs leg. 1.17 
2oo s 

/o41o2-A, Copyright, Globe Stores, Inc. Prices effective thru April 23,1977 We reserve the right to limit quantities. 

•315 Santa Rosa 
•4343 West Commerce 
•238 Military Drive 
*7142 San Pedro 
•49o2 Fredericksburg 
*85o5 Broadway 

o29 Alpha Keri 
£ bath on 

 reg. 3 .o 7 8oz- 
139 WeHa balsam 

 reg. 1.6 9 16o2 
M 

C Miss Breek hair spray reg. 1.27 11oiUn",2 

Nella balsam 
•■start conditioner 

San Antonio EXPRESS-N EW S— Sunday April 1 7 1 9 7 7 
 means keeping beliefs secret 

( onlinupd front previous page 

• rom the official recognized Seventh- day Adventist Church in 1924-28. 

“ Almost aii the ministers of the (il­ legal) church must carry on an illegal way of lite because of oppression by state atheism and there is not one fam ily that has not felt the oppres­ s io n .'’ one Seventh-day A dventist wrote recently. He cited disruption of services and the confiscation of illegal religious literature. 

The illegal literature — printed lar­ gely by the Baptists and Adventists — 

 ranges from religious texts to books on 
Soviet human rights problems. Many of (he books come out in hard cover from well-hidden printing plants and are as professionally printed and il­ lustrated as officially published books. 

“ We don’t reveal how many we print, but I can tell you this: We have plenty in reserve in case those in the hands of our believers are taken away,” said one 
Seventh-day 
Adventist. 

“ Tens of thousands of people have these books,” he asserted. 

There are an estimated 5,ooo Pen- tecostalists in the Soviet Union. Their fundamentalist faith and refusal to bear weapons in the army have proven particularly irritating to Soviet auth­ orities 

While Baptists usually say they want to stay in the Soviet Union to continue their work as best they can, many 
Pentecostalists want to emigrate. 
Representatives of 
52o 
Pentecostalists came up from the un­ derground to meet Western newsmen in February and said the whole group 

 wanted to settle in the United Stales, 
Canada or Australia. They displayed petitions signed by the would-be emi­ grants they said had been circulated secretly in the Ukraine, Georgia and the Soviet Far ^ast. 

There are these other underground religious groups in the Soviet Union today: 

•Jehovah’s Witnesses operate in several parts of the Soviet Union and are probably the most, secretive of all the groups. They rarely meet with 
Westerners or even members of other illegal sects. 

•Mennonites exist in Siberia, Cen­ tral Asia and the Baltic States. 

•The Ukrainian Catholic (Uniate) 
Church, a group loyal to the Pope that was officially merged into the Russian 
Orthodox Church in 194H. continues to have an underground life and repor­ tedly has published its own prayer books. 

An official of the government Coun­ cil on Religious Affairs declined to discuss the Soviet U nion’s illegal religious groups, saying that since they were not registered, he would know nothing about them. 
* 

24* X 46-in. jumbo bath towels 

Super absorbent combed yarn cot ton towels. Brown, yellow, white rust, blue and green. hcjnd reg. 2.87. 
......................2.17 

^ 
S h reg 1.27 ................................ 97° 
Dan River 

■ reg. 1.57 bath 
Cannon solid or stripe towels 
Bold stripes or solid co­ lors in pink, blue, gold or green. hand tow el 
74c 

C A N N O N 

Beautiful floral prints on no-iron polyester and cot­ ton. Choose ‘Dream Rose’ in gold or blue or ‘Sachet’, multi-colored sp rin g bou­ quets on a dyed beige background. 

■ reg. 2.77 bath 
Cannon Santa 
Cruz towels 
Big, thick 22- X 44-in. cot- ton-polyester solids with A a jacquard border. Brass/^* gold, blue or green. hand towel..........136 wash cloth 
66c 

C A N N O N 

 king size sheets 

Slight irregularities will not impair the long-lasting quality of these no-iron poly-cotton sheets. Gold, blue, green and beige. queen......................3.97 king size p.c 
Z.97 pr. polyester bedpillows 

Plush solid color nylon Each set has one 18- 
X 3o-m. bath mat. one contour mat, one lid cover and a 2 piece tank cover in colors of 

 pink gold. blue. green and red. 

Plump polyester filled in a decorator printed cotton cover. 

 lANKAMfRICMO 

1 
o 7 Lysoi disinfectant 

14-oz. spray disinfect­ ant and deodorizer. 3»7white bathroom scales reg. 6.67 
Princess compact. A c­ curate. White. 
Wide fashion dial. 

7o41o2 A, Copyright, Globe Stores. Inc Prices effective th/u April 2o.1977 We reserve the right to lim it quantities 

2-ring towel pole 

1 bar. Adjustable tow­ 

 el pole. toothpaste reg. 1.o3 
Price includes 1o* off 

 label Limit 2 
78 

 reg. 1.11 

£ Sayelle yam 

DuPont O rlon* Acrylic* knit­ ting yam in 4-ply, l o t weight. 
W hite, off-white, black, red, light blue, gold, yellow, royal, brown and lime 

Sylvania Soft 
White bulbs 

 reg. 2/74* 
6o-. 75- & 1oo-watta. 

GLOBE 
•315 Santa Rosa 
•4343 West Commerce 
•238 Military Drive 
•49o2 Fredericksburg 
•7142 San Pedro 
•85o5 Broadway 

ASSURANCE THAT 

•O u r p re s c rip tio n s are low p ric e d 1 lf you fin d a low er p rice , b rin g rn your 

 p re s c rip tio n b o ttle and re ceipt, we w ill re fu n d the d iffe re n c e 1 
J 

•D u rin g th e a d p e ^io d . we m a tch all c o m p e titio n s o n e tim e s p e c ia ls 1 

A.pril 17 1977 

TMK SUNDAY 
EXPRESS NEWS 
E d it o r ia l s 

James P. Dolan 
Sunday Editor 

Charles O. Kilpatrick 
Editor and Publisher 
William J, Reddell 
Editor of the Editorial Page 

Hard-choice energy policy 

President Carter will outline his view of a national energy policy this week. His next move will be to hunker down to ride out the political firestorm. 

The President has been sug­ g estin g for w eeks th a t an effective energy policy will shock the American life style. 
His energy chief, Jam es Schlo- singer, outlined earlier a volun­ tary approach to energy conser­ vation th a t would blunt the crisis. But it is clear that volun­ tary restraint is fantasy. 

Thus, the Congress will be asked to consider a policy that has the force of law behind it. 
The policy will turn on dollars — dollars to discourage waste and to enco u rag e efficient use of sc a rc e fuels and to find new' ones. 

The proposed C arter policy trac k s advice rep eated in all learned forum s of the energy research and industrial fields. 
Best estim ates are that world demand for petroleum products will equal potential world capa­ city early in the next century. 
There is today a modest world surplus of petroleum. 

The U. S. today imports 12 per cent of its petroleum pro­ ducts. Industry and research estim ates are that the figure will rise to 5o per cent by 199o if conservation efforts are im ­ posed, 7o per cent if they aren't imposed effectively. 

U.S. energy needs increase at about 4 per cent annually. 

This country’s dominant en­ ergy sources are oil and gas. 
Total requirem ents from those two fuels are 74 per cent of total energy fuels burned. Coal ac­ counts for 19 per cent. 

But this country’s use of en­ ergy is relatively wasteful. West 
Germany and Japan use it with far more efficiency. 

Over the past decade, West 
G e rm a n y ’s use of energy per unit of industrial production is 
75 per cent below the U.S. rate, 
Japan’s was 28 per cent less. 

These data are accepted as reliable by top authorities in the energy field in the U.S. Thus, the constructive use of conser­ vation policy appears to have great potential. 

If these estim ates can su r­ vive congressional debate, the 
Carter proposal is the best avail­ able alternative to rationing, which is the other option for re­ latively quick action to prevent a worse energy crisis that we have. 

In brief, the Carter plan will penalize inefficient use of oil and gas and will reward effi­ cient use of the fuels. In addi-, tion, it will encourage the switch to coal. 

The President knows the job is politically difficult. He has tackled it early in his term while the popularity polls give him high marks. 

All responsible sp o ils m e n have said an effective energy policy is urgent. Mr. Carter will offer the best his advisers can devise and if Congress and pub­ lic can im prove on it, they should. 

The only quick fix available is conservation. 

Coal gasification, to supple­ ment natural gas, is a possible but very costly venture. It would take about seven plants pro-, ducing 25o million cubic feet of gas a day to make up for decline in natural gas production in 1975 alone. Capital in v e stm e n t of about $19 billion would be re ­ quired and gas com ing from them would cost between $3 and 
$5 per thousand cubic feet. 

Natural gas in Texas sells for slightly above $2 and interstate gas — if emergency prices hold 
— is $1.42 and the legal regu­ lated price is 52 cents. Those natural gas prices are important reasons why production has de­ clined. 

Oil from shale, at c u rren t estimates, would cost about $18 to $22 a barrel. That is much higher than OPEC oil but Alas­ kan oil, including ship p in g charges, will come close to that figure. 

No gasification or shale oil plants are being built in the U.S. 

Conservation of petroleum is essential. There is no substi­ tute for oil products for many essential uses. Burning oil and gas under boilers will shortly be a thing of the past. 

Congress and the public will have to weigh the options and, like the President, be willing to examine facts. Americans will, indeed, have to face the tough possibility of changing a life style built on instant availability of abundant energy at a relati­ vely cheap price. 

The C arter en erg y policy won’t be quickly endorsed but, unless the basis upon which it is laid is shaken, it will be e n ­ dorsed eventually because re ­ jection will be more costly. 

Maybe slow justice is not justice at ail 

In a perverse form of beat the clock, m urderers, rapists and robbers are passing out of the jailhouse doors with no fines, jail time or convictions. 
In this game, the goal is not to get a person charged with a crime to trial quickly. 
The trick here is to dawdle around until just about everyone affected by the offense has a hard time even re­ membering he was offended. 
Last week a five-year murder charge was dropped against a woman because two witnesses have died since she was charged with hiring someone to kill her husband 
The two co-conspirators who are now dead are essential to proving the state’s charge against the woman, so it’s difficult for the district attorney to present a convincing case. 
Another recent dismissal has freed an accused heroin dealer who faced a life term if convicted. 
The defendant had allegedly distri­ buted his wares to an undercover cop 
— usually a cinch case to prove in court. 

Yet the case was reset, recalled or postponed at least 18 times from the time the man allegedly sold the dope to the police officer in June 1971 until it was dismissed last month. 
The defense attorney had made mo­ tions continuously throughout the years to delay the trial. 
And the judge went along, paving the way for a dismissal which freed the accused pusher. 
In asking that the court dismiss the case, Asst. Dist. Atty. Keith Burris said the trial had been put off so many times the witnesses are now' unable to recall just exactly what happened six years ago. 

 vn8ryi 
Coggins 

Courthouse 

“ The u ndercover agent can no longer even remember the defendant,” 
Burris said. 

In that case, the lawyer for the ac­ cused dope dealer is a state represen­ tative and is entitled to delays in his cases which come up for trial while the legislature is in session. 

However, resettings were granted for this case several times outside the session, Burris said. 

Other d ism issals show two separate rape charges erased from the record of a soldier stationed here. 

His alleged victim s, also in the 
Army, have been transferred out of state and out of the country. 

They were transferred while the sol­ dier’s attorney saw his client’s trial reset four times. 

Once essential witnesses have moved out of state — i f s too expensive to bring them back in many cases. 

The list of dismissals goes on and on. 

Defense attorneys know if they bide their time, get enough continuances, then the odds are in their favor. 

“ A continuance im m u re s to the 

 to 

" ’Scuse 
I WAS WONTING IF You'd CARF TO & BORN AGAIN../' 
City politics will never be the same 

You can put 1977 down as the year San Antonio politicians met the people face to face — a year when grass roots organizations meant more than TV. 
Suddenly block-w alking becam e m ore im portant than block-busting commercials. 
The membership of community and neighborhood groups, p articu larly 
COPS, became as influential as the big mules with big pocketbooks. 
And the shape of politics will never be the same again. 

The change of cam paign style came on in a rush because of San 
Antonio’s switch to the IO district plan for electing council members. 
The districts proved small enough for real voter contact by candidates. In such cramped quarters, reliance on TV proved som ew hat like using an A* bomb against a gnat. xMuch too expen­ sive, besides. 
The results, in fact, demonstrated that sheer money power — dominant in recent city elections — suddenly is less 

Kemper 
Diehl 

Politics 

 important. 
G rassroots contact and neighbor­ hood issues proved in most races to be more powerful than dollars. 
Actually the shift to district cam ­ paigning simply speeded changes that were already underway in campaign techniques. 

Carefully-organized block-walk­ ing, a big ingredient in several Austin political upsets, was brought to San 
Antonio three y ears ago by the managers of U.S. Rep. Bob Krueger’s first campaign. 
The practice spread quickly and this spring it naturally played a big part in 

 district races. But it was also an im­ portant tactic in the citywide race of 
Mayor Lila Cockrell. 
Meanwhile, an old method of voter contact, the telephone boiler room, reached new levels of effectiveness and proved very important in the race for mayor. 
Much of John Monfrey’s organiza­ tional plan was built around the oper­ ations of his two big telephone banks. 
At the same time, braintrusted by 
Austin campaign expert Peck Young, the mayor’s team came up with what may have been the most sophisticated telephone campaign yet seen here. 

The Cockrell phone operation searched out and identified some 
3o,ooo sure Lila voters. On election day a computer in Austin monitored the progress of voting in dozens of pre­ cincts in her areas of strength. 
Precincts where voter turnout wa* lagging were quickly spotted by the computer. The mayor’s phone crews then zeroed in to prod the faithful in the slow-voting areas to get to the polls. 
The shift to IO council districts this 

 year triggered an explosion of candi­ date forums. Voters in virtually every neighborhood had a chance to hear candidates plead their case — and to compare them with rivals. 
Mrs. Cockrell, Monfrey and Dr. Jose 
San Martin, the leading candidates for mayor, appeared together so often that they began to resemble some offbeat sort of vaudeville act. 
By the end of the campaign they knew their opponents’ lines and moves by heart — sometimes even voicing rejoinders in advance. 
Though some meetings attracted lit­ tle interest, there were so many held that the candidates for mayor ultima­ tely spoke in person to more people than in any campaign since the heyday of mass rallies a half century ago. 

The ultimate result of all this exposure of candidates to the public was refreshing. 
Voters approached council decisions with considerably more detailed infor­ mation about candidates and their po­ sitions than in most past elections. 
Even in the confusion of the April 2 

 race with its multitudes of council ho­ pefuls, voters generally sorted out their choices with a high degree of sophistication. 
The fears voiced durin g the 1o-1 charter campaign that the new system would lead to polarization of the city’s ethnic groups sim ply did not come true. 
And this su g g e sts th at the new council will be able to work together without immediately sorting itself out into hostile factions. 

Quick takes 

And what did Mayor Lila Cockrell discuss with County Commissioner Al­ bert Bustamante and his wife, Becky, when she doorbelled in his block last week? Why, Becky’s house plants, of course. . . .local backers of Atty. Gen. 
John Hill for governor can’t hide their delight at a poll by a Houston TV channel which found that 41 per cent of those questioned would like someone other than Dolph Briscoe as guv, while only 34 per cent were for his re-elec­ tion. 

 benefit of the defense,” Asst. Dist. 
Atty. Fred Rodriguez explained. 

“ W itnesses die, they move, they become unavailable. Memories become blurred, evidence is lost, des­ troyed or misplaced.” 

Not only do the witnesses die off, they get sick of taking time from work. to sit at the Courthouse every two or three months from one resetting to the next. 

Some say the heart of the problem is the old hangup of too many criminals and not enough courtrooms. 

With 4o cases set in each of the six crim inal courts every week, som e­ times almost half are reset. 

The four new courts may help some but other measures may be necessary to make sure that cases against har­ dened c rim inals a r e n ’t lost in the shuffle of time. 

Forcing the courts to dispose of cases within a certain amount of time might be one solution. 

Instead of allowing a defense at­ torney to delay a trial indefinitely, he m ig ht be allowed only a c e rta in number of resettings. 

Protection of rights is of ultimate importance in any system making a stab at justice. 

But postponing trials so long that no one can remember anything is hardly a just situation. 

The people represented by the state also deserve their day in court. 

Elitists oppose rights policy 

WASHINGTON - All polls indicate that President C arter's abrasive advocacy of hum an rights has the support of most 
Americans. But the President's policy is opposed by a large part of our intellectual and business elite. 

The critics rarely attack head on, for a taint of disre- sp e ctability a t­ taches to those who would subordinate the cause of free­ dom to the advan­ tages that may be gained from a m i­ cable relation s with dictators. So they have woven a web of peripheral arg u m e n ts, some from the left, soine from the right, which threaten to ensnare the human rights policy on all sides. 
Most critiques seek to trivialize the human rights initiative by saying that we must, in effect, recognize diversity and that each society has the right to its own pecu liar in stitu tio n s. One would surmise from the commentaries that all kinds of people really choose to live under the knout and that the dis­ tinctions Carter is raising a rum pus about are no more sinister than the differen ces of ritu al and n uance between the Anglicans and Episcopa­ lians. 
In fact, the difference is between free choice and rule by extermination between individuals with inalienable rights and lumps of pulverized flesh. 
The argument is not academic; it is basic. 
Some American commentators have actually agreed with Kremlin propa­ gandists in arguing that the P re s i­ dent’s protests against the brutaliza­ tion of political d issid e n ts and religious minorities constitute “ inter­ ference” in the internal affairs of the 
Soviet Union and other despotisms. 

Attacking from the opposite dir­ ection are those who dismiss human rights advocacy as ineffectual grand- standing that muddies international waters without achieving any intended effect. 
The Soviet dissidents tell us of a new breed in Russia that yearns for the basic decencies and dignities with a hunger* fiercer than that felt by Wes­ tern appetities dulled by regular en­ joym ent of them. The vanguard of these yearners are literally willing to face death, and worse than death, to assert their proscribed rights. 
It is much harder for the commisars to isolate these “ troublem akers,” to deaden them with inoculations by state psychiatrists, to convince them that they are hopelessly alone and, there­ fore, m u st be insane, when the yearners hear from across the void the greatest nation in the world report, as it does, on this issue, proclaiming the true heritage of Western civilization, noisily beating the drums in their be­ half. 
It is argued that we undermined de­ tente by affronting Soviet rulers with impolitic reminders of the dungeons, slave labor camps and lobotomy clin­ ics they maintain for those not easily assimilated by more genteel devices, and it is argued that detente, as Henry 
Kissinger used to say, is the “ only alternative to nuclear warfare.” 

But this is an argument too sim ­ plistic for a sophisticated people to make in good faith. If detente has any real basis, and I hope it does, then there is the mutual interest both sides have in reducing the burden of arm a­ ments and the risk of incremental war, as well as in opening up the presumed booms of commerce. 
Nor is detente the only alternative to nuclear war, else we would have had one long before detente came along in the third decade of the cold war. Di­ plomacy in is a labyrinth containing a hundred alternative paths; to say there is only one is either to deceive or to admit the utter bankruptcy of our statecraft. 
Another strand of the web is woven by those who contend that the rights we talk about the irrelevant. Freedom of speech and religion, freedom from search and seizure, and the processes of law and the rest are m erely 
“ procedural” rights, we are told, of interest only to the affluent in the 
West. The real “ substantive” rights involve housing projects, free food, compulsory education and the like. 
This is the only kind of rights the masses of the third world are said to care about. Well, that will be news to 
Indira Gandhi and the masses of India. 

And there are many for whom the principal interest in hum an rights pales before admiration of particular dictatorships they do not want to of­ fend. 
What it all boils down to is that, to an influential minority, there are many values and goals that stand above hu­ man freedom — so high above, in fact, that they would rather the President didn’t even talk about it. 
This privileged minority does not deceive the humble majority which good-naturedly sp urns its advice; which continues to believe that Amer­ ica stands for something higher than convenience and tranquility; which re­ sists quiet rapport with dictators, ca­ pitalist profits from Communist trade, military alliances with anti-Commun- ist juntas and the other admitted ad­ vantages of unruffled relations with totalitarianism. 

 ntvmr muse a * '* * * 

LETTERS 

San Antonio EXPRESS-NEW S— Sunday April 17 1977 
P ogt 
7 H 

Marshall’s got the idea 

Sir: In 1941 I along with about 29o other high school kids from all over the state attended a summer music school at Hardin-Simmons University in 
Abilene. We ate in the central dining room. There were several sets of salt and pepper shakers on each table. After a few days it became apparent that somebody was swiping an inexcusable number of salt and pepper shakers. 
Hie situation got out of hand. But what to do? To search each kid after every meal would be time consuming and humiliating for both the kids and the university. 
Then one morning as we entered the dining room we were confronted with a table loaded down with about 4oo salt and pepper shakers. 
Everybody was issued a salt and pepper shaker and told that they would be required to produce a salt and pepper shaker before leaving the dining room. 
It was as simple, practical and humane as that. Nobody was humiliated. 
No civ il rights were violated. When everybody bears the same burden — discrimination is unlikely. This is the type of logic that Americans understand. 
I believe this is the type of logic Sec. of Labor (Ray) Marshall is trying to apply to the illegal alien dilemma. By issuing everybody a counterfeit- proof Social Security card — no one will suffer the humiliation of discrimination. 

Jim Rouser 

Doonesburv: Hooray for realism 

Sir: Doonesburv is a breath of sometimes too-fresh air in a boring world. It only repeats what open­ minded adults are really thinking 

MR. SECRETARY ? 
THE IRANIAN AM­ 
BASSADOR ON 
UNB WO.. \ 

THANK 
YOU, UZ.. 
-CLICK'! 
HELLO, MR. 
ZAHEDI? 
/ 

Welfare story 
J 

Sir: I have read with interest the letter which you have printed con­ cerning welfare recipients. Their vituperative quality was, unfortun­ ately, no shock to me. I only can hope that none of those good per­ sons ever find themselves in a position where they are forced to appeal to a government agency for assistance. 
The first of this year my husband abandoned me and my three chil­ dren I am expecting a fourth child in June. With no money I had no choice but to move in with my parents, whose finances are sorely strapped by our presence. I con­ tacted the Legal Aid Society to ascertain if I could receive any 
‘assistance from them. My husband had taken virtually all of our hou­ sehold goods and I would not have been able to set up any kind of household with the re m a in in g items. I was told that they could not help me since I arn overeducated ti have 31 hours of college) and too intelligent (I have an IQ of Hit)). 
I contacted Bexar County Housing 
Authority and was given an ap­ pointment for April la to apply for housing under Section 8. This ap­ pointment. was made in January. I applied for the CETA program through the Texas Employment 
Commission and was told that I qualify but that they cannot help me since I am pregnant. 
Six weeks after applying for aid lo families with dependent children I was finally certified for welfare and 
Medicaid- However, I am not eli­ gible for the AEDO vocational training p rogram s since I am pregnant. I have enrolled in a con­ tinuing education typing course at my parents’ expense so that I can find decent employment after the birth of my child. 
If this were not enough to handle, 
I now have been advised that my husband, who has a history of psychiatric disorders, is trying to obtain custody of the child and asks for child support from me. I must now sell my few remaining posses­ sions to pay legal fees. Anyone out there interested in a 1967 Lincoln 
Continental with 134,ooo miles on it, a bad transmission, faulty steering, and a broken rear spring? Oh yes, it also nearly caught fire yesterday because of a split fuel line. 
So I am a welfare bum. My par­ ents and I have all paid taxes for many years and now that I honestly need some assistance I find that I ani ineligible for most assistance offered by the state. For what as- sistance I am receiving I sincerely apologize to those people w ho resent it so bitterly. 

MLB. 

 about politics, etc. and is Mr. Fre­ derick Wright’s (Letters, March 9) sex education so small-minded he feels the words “ Lamaze method” should be delegated to a porno shop? For shame! I want my chil­ dren's education to be complete. lf the comics section is only for children what about the problems of. M ary W orth, Steve Roper, 
(who’s wife went off on a yacht with another man), ‘‘Rich & Famous" with their crime-oriented shen­ anigans which is also a lesson on how to not work for a living; 
"Crock,” whose faithful girlfriend is unfaithful to a man away in the service; "Kelley,” who gives les­ sons in insulting mom; Apt. 3G — full of career girls looking for Mr. 
Right, etc. 
Hooray for the comics just the way they are, because they show real life at it’s amusing best, and without it life would be dull indeed! 

CB. 

Doonesbury: Boo 

Sir: Mr. Wright expressed my sentiments re the Doonesbury co­ mic (?) strip. He suggested that it relegated to the political section of the paper rather than the comic section. I concur, except that I doubt its value even there. The language is atrocious and certainly unfunny, even if it is supposedly satirical. 

I view it as belonging to the trash heap along with the likes of “ Mary 
Hartman, Mary Hartman!" 

N.G.N. 

Columnist Party 

Sir As a diligent reader of the editorials, the thought occurred to me. 

In the years prior to the next general election for president, why not c re a te and promote a new party? The Columnist Party. 

The front runners for president and vice president should be Bu­ chanan and Kilpatrick. They have such a vast know ledge of everything desired of the American voter, it would be a natural win. 

They know all the answers. But they are ignorant of the questions. 

Richard Nixon’s speech writer is a beaut. I can see him sitting in the oval office, outlining the policies and living standards of this great nation. 

His latest epic, ‘‘Hasty Habits,” a slur to Catholics, is a terrific feat of ridiculous, stupid journalism. 

Kilpatrick as a vice president could manage the cloak room din­ ing area . 

Roddy Stinson could become Se­ cretary of State, a typical Kissinger stock. 

Jam es Reston could be the chal­ lenger, a person with broad scope and know ledge, one who unites sin­ cere feelings and basic news! 

One problem, Mr. Reston did not lake a post- grad course in journa­ lism at Bryn Mawr College, a girls’ school. 

E. J. ‘‘Red” Lewis 
She’s a little bit liberated 

Sir: Your newspaper’s article concerning the female plumbing student, 
Linda Henderson, was very welcome. It is nice to see women who have chosen non-traditional occupations receive media coverage. 
However, I can not let some of her statements in the article go unchallenged. 
First, I wish to clear up some misconceptions that Linda and others seem to have concerning the feminist movement. The very basis of our philosophy is that all women have a right to choose the way they live. 
Whether she chooses plumbing, medicine or homemaking is up to her. 
What is critical is that she has an opportunity to choose. 
The feminist movement certainly believes that women are people but also that they should have the rights of a person. So Linda, I am afraid that you are a women’s libber when it comes to the essentials.. x 
How do Linda and others think the doors of such non-traditional occupations have been opened? It wasn’t by the wave of a magic wand! We in the feminist movement have worked long and hard to accomplish this. 
Chances are that if Linda encounters discrimination when seeking employment, she’ll call us and we will do our best to help her. 
I can not help but wonder if the first black admitted to a plumber’s union was asked by the media if he was a Black Panther. 

Gail Baler 

Thi» n e w sp a p e r w e lc o m e s le tte rs fro m its re a d e rs. They (Should b e sh o rt — not o v e r 3 o o w o rd s — a n d th e y m u st b e sign e d . R e a d e rs’ in itials w ill b e u se d if re q u e ste d but u n sig n e d letters w ill not b e p u b lish e d . E dito rs r e s e rv e the rig h t to edit a n y letter fo r le n gth, g o o d taste o r le g a l re a so n s b ut e v e r y e ffort w ill b e m a d e to c o n v e y the w rite r’s o p in io ns, te tte r w rite rs m u st include their p ro p e r a d d re ss a nd te le p h o n e n u m b e r — w h ich w ill n ot b e p u b lish e d — so the correct Id e n tity of the w rite r can b e e sta b lish e d . S e n d le tte rs to P.O . B o x 2 1 7 1 , S a n A n to n io , T e x a s 7 S 2 9 7 . 

Power with a smile 

A SSO C IA T E D FUESS 

WASHINGTON — In Jimmy 
C a r t e r ’s pious W ashington, where all the leaders at both ends of the avenue are new and the territorial limits are still undefined, there stands, in im­ pressive bulk, Thomas Philip 
“ Tip” O'Neill, Speaker of the 
House, captain of one of the great majorities in history, third in line of presidential succes­ sion, staunch defender of the 
Democratic faith, jealous guar­ dian of Congressional pride, graduate cum laude of the Jim 
Curley school of charm, veteran of the old politics, interpreter of the new. 
"We’ll get, along just fine.” he says of the President. 
“ The Georgia style of politics is flowery, sweetness, brotherly love. 
Ours is rough, tough, direct, terse. The results are the same.” 
Getting along with O’Neill will be crucial to Carter’s ambitious plans for reform ing the body and soul of government. So, the President had the 
O'Neills over to dinner recently at the 
White House. Just the O’Neills and the 
Carters. 
The President noted that Congress was upset by his attempts to cancel various water projects. The Speaker said they’d be even more upset when lie tries to close military bases. The 
President asked about the old days when Speaker Sam Rayburn ran the 
House with a stern hand. O’Neill said times bad changed drastically; Con­ gress these days is far more indepen­ dent and much less subject to party discipline. Tip O'Neill is hilariously expert on what party discipline used to be like, especially in Boston. 

While he goes often to the White 
House for working sessions, O’Neill seldom accepts social invitations there in small or large groups. Over the years, he estimates, he has been invit­ ed to IOO state dinners and never went to one. " It’s just not my cup of tea.” 
He much prefers a night at Duke 
Zeibert’s corned beef emporium, talk­ ing with other members of the Massa­ chusetts delegation, sipping a Can­ adian Club and F resca, telling old 
Curley stories, singing now and then in a baritone bellow, "If You're Irish 
Come into the Parlor” and trading new jokes, which he files away carefully to lie embellished and used later with. consummate skill as a warm-up for a 
^political audience. 
Like many of his countrymen, Tip 
O’Neill had to learn to take Jim m y 
Carter seriously. He recalls their first meeting in January 1975, when the man from Plains stood at the bottom of the presidential polls with one half of one per cent. 
‘‘He comes in aud he says, ‘Tip. you know in your h e a rt th a t Teddy 
Kennedy is not a candidate and Hubert 
Humphrey won’t be a candidate and 
Scoop Jackson is going to be out of it after three or four primaries.’ 
"And then he says, T m telling you right now I’m going to be nominated on the first ballot without opposition and I’m going to be elected President of the United States.’” 
“And what did you say, Tip?” 
"I laughed. 

“ But my God, he did everything he said he was going to do. Now, he went out and made promises to change the ethics of politics in America, to reorganize the departments, to stimu­ late the economy and come up with a natonal energy policy. I have every confidence he can do these things, and we’re already started. The guy instills confidence when you get down there at the White House. 
"You know, on the television, he had the sweater on and the fire going, and up on the Hill they’re saying, ‘Did you ever see such cornball?’ Then they went home over the weekend like I did. 
"I went into the barbershop and they’re saying. ‘Hey, Tip, wasn’t he beautiful? 
W asn’t he te rrific ? 
Reminded me of Roosevelt, he did. 
You know we’re sick and tired of frus­ tration, of vetoes. You fellows give this guy a chance. He’s doing a helluva job.’ 
“ And the following Monday Con­ gress comes back and now they're saying, ‘Say, didn’t Carter do a terrific job on television the other night?” ’ 

HOUSE SPEAKER TIP P O NEILL 

Telling this. Thomas Philip O’Neill reared back in his swivel chair, a man long ago inured to the inconsistency of politicians. His laughter shook the old prints on his office wall, pictures of 
George Washington taking command of the colonial troops under an elm, right there in what is now T ip ’s 8th 
Congressional district in Cambridge, 
Mass. 

He remembers the day in the 192os when the old "Washington e lm ” fell down “ from old age and a big wind," and the day a vice president named 
Dawes, smoking a funny pipe, planted a new little elm. "I don’t know what he did in history, but I rem em ber that funny pipe.” Tip O’Neill rem em bers everything. 

Now, more than a quarter cen­ tury later, lie remembers a night be stum bled through a dull speech in 
Boston. He returned to his seat and was told by the man next to him. Mr. 
Skeffington, himself, the one, the only 
Ja m e s Michael Curley, m ay o r of 
Boston and governor of Massachusetts before he went to jail for fraud: 

"You stank. I want you over to the house Friday morning." 
Friday morning Curley gave him IO poems and quotations to m em orize. 
"Learn these,” the master said, "and you’ll never be at a loss for w ords regardless of the occasion. For exam ­ ple, you walk into a party of old friends in the old neighborhood, you haven’t seen them in a while, what do you say?" 
And now, rem em bering, there oc­ curs a wondrous sight. Thomas Philip 
O’Neill, age: 64, height; 6-3, weight: somewhere between 25o and 288 (be figures he’s lost 1,ooo pounds on diets) leans back in his chair. His straight, 
Olympian white hair drops earthward, his epic red bulbous nose p o in ts skyward, heavy lids half close over bluegray eyes rich with life’s laughter and tears, and a voice which on other occasions can be heard in the bleachers now shrinks into a soft, lov­ ing monotone, an Irish caress: 
Around the corner I have u frien d in this (treat city that hun nit end. 
The d a ys go by, the weeks go on, before you know it a year is (tone. 
I ha cen't seen m y old friends, face. 
'cause life us a sw ift and terrible race. 

Blit he known I like hint just as w ell as in the days when I rang hun hell. 
A n d he ra n g m in e —- w e w e re younger th en . S o w we're tired a n d busy men, 
Tired o f tryin g to make a nam e, tired of tryin g to p la y the gam e. 
Tom orrow com es, tom orrow goes. the d ista n ce betw een us grow s a n d grows. 
Around the corner, yet miles aw ay. 
Here s a telegram , sir. Jim died toda y. 
And that's w hat we get and deserve in the e n d — aro u n d the corner a vanished frien d. " 
A politician of im peccable Irish credentials — product of parochial schools, son of an Irish city council­ man, grandson of a bricklayer who left 
County Cork during the potato famine. 
Tip O’Neill served in the M assachu­ setts House of Representatives from 
1936 to 1952. He became the state’s first 
Democratic Speaker. He was elected to 
Congress in 1952 for the seat vacated by Jack Kennedy who went to the Sen­ ate that year. In one precinct, Tip got four fewer votes than Kennedy did for the Senate. 

“ Nothing would do Jack but to 
•find out who voted for him and not for me. We finally pinpointed it as the 
LeFevre family. Then, at the 1961 in­ auguration, here’s Kennedy, the P re ­ sident, mind you, and he yells af me, 
Hey, Tip, what was the last vote in that precinct?’ I told him he was still ahead by four votes. Kennedy roared, 
‘Tip, that LeFevre family is still off of you.’ " 
One reason O'Neill has remained in 
Congress 25 y ears, moving up the ladder from Majority Whip to Leader to Speaker this year, is that he never neglects w hat he calls his re g u la r 
"ethnic walk” back in his district. To wit: 
The delicatessen run by Italians, the vegetable market run by Greeks, the saloon run by an Irishman, the hard­ ware store run by a Jew, the “ Chin­ aman's where I pick up my shirts” and 
‘‘John, the shoem aker, whom I ’ve known 5o years, never knew his last name but he’s a lovable guy.” O’Neill, who has a story for everyone, recently unloaded this one on John, herewith reduced to its essentials: 
Man goes into a shoemaker, says he left a pair of shoes there IO years ago but lost his ticket. Shoemaker says he remembers. Are the shoes still there, per chance? 
“ S u re ," says the shoemaker, and he produces them . 
"They’ll be ready Tuesday.” 

Among his p e e rs in C o ng ress, 
O’Neill has the reputation of being honest, u n p re te n tio u s, true to his word, assertive, affable, accessible, loyal but unrigid in his thinking. He was, for example, the first Democratic leader to oppose Lyndon Johnson pub­ licly on the V ietnam war, in 1968. 
Though they a re totally unlike the politicians he grew up with, O’Neill is full of admiration for the new breed of 
Congressm en and has told J im m y 
Carter: 
"You have to understand these peo­ ple, they’re very different. The days of 
Sam Rayburn telling freshman Con­ gressmen to be seen but not heard, that they’ve got to go along to get along, are over. 
“If you tackle this Congress, you're not tackling the Georgia legislature. 
You’re tac k lin g able, ta le n te d , dedicated, more educated, more in­ dependent. sincere, thinking people who since the 93rd Congress have come to Washington just like you did. They, too, ran against the Establishment." 
But it’s his own thing; 

My wife Margaret has figured out the hippie. Through his hitch-hiking signals. 

Always from a lounging position, usually seated, they are presented with an indifferent willingness to share our vehicle. There is a secret to this. 

“ He has to show he sco rn s the 
E stablish m ent d riv e rs,” M argaret says. “ Otherwise, his own won t pick him up.” 

“ Why do you pull over?” she de­ mands. “ You’re Establishment.” 
How else do you learn the new mysteries? 

Ed 
Syers 

Along the W ay c 
This one hitched a ride to Austin. 
He was 2o, with a mat of hair and beard, the gray sheen of ground-in dirt on his knuckles, some ragged jeans and tennis shoes w ith the toes gone. He wore no socks; his ankles were dirty. 

This was his way of revolting against conformity, which was stifling the world. The Establishment wanted you typed out like so many carbons. His generation sought individualism — that simple. 
We passed two more like hun. Each dangled the same hand signal. 

We let him off at a boarding house. On its porch were a half-dozen loungers with matted hair and beards, tattered jeans and tennis shoes with the toes gone. 
“ Did you see that?” I said. “They’re all the same.” 
“ They’re non-conforming,’’ Margar­ et said. 
Going native on raisin beer 

WASHINGTON - I just read in the newspaper that they re­ settled 75 natives on Enewetak 
(which, incidentally, was for­ merly spelled Eniwetok) Atoll in the Marshall Islands. 

A pang of nostalgia went through me when I read the story. I was stationed on the Enewetak Atoll for 12 months during World War II with a U.S. Mar­ ine fighter squadron, and while it sounds like a short period of time to us now, it felt like an eternity. 
Ever since then I have always consi­ dered myself a native of Enewetak, and when I heard the United States was letting people return I was sorely tempted to pack up and move back. 
After World War II Enew etak probably would not have been heard from again except that the United 
States decided to use it as an atomic testing ground. As a m atter of fact, they blew the island of Engebi, where I was stationed, right out the water and right off the face of the earth. 
There were about 2.ooo or 3,ooo men stationed on Engebi, consisting of 
Marines, Seabees and U.S. Army per­ sonnel. In a few months we had gone native and wore nothing but shorts, hats and sandals. 
Our skin became very dark and we developed an island mentality. Anyone. 

L 
Sm * 
-f i 
' •' 
Art 
I t 
Budiwold 

. : i\ t 
' 'I ?'*;/ 
\ 
, ................. i 
Light Side 
I 
—■ 
■ 
- 
............ ^ 

V a ........- 
— 
— ...... 

 who didn’t live on Engebi was a white stranger who was not to be trusted. 
'There were also tribal feuds on the island. 
The Marines and the Seabees m an­ aged to get along, but the Army per­ sonnel were considered “ Dogfaces” who could not be trusted and, accord­ ing to our Navy chaplains, had never really accepted the existence of one 
God. 

The main industry of Engebi was making home-grown brew from raisins. Each tent had its ow n still, and with the help of good ‘ol boys from the 
South we vied with each other to see which tent could m ake the m ost powerful raisin jack. 
This was more dangerous than one might think because if you didn t pour it out in time the still could explode, 

 setting off air raid sirens all over the island. 
I have always believed the atomic testing at Engebi was never accurate. 
While the scien tists m easured the power of the hydrogen bomb device they set off, they never figured how much of the destruction was caused by old fermented raisin juice which all of us left behind when we got orders to ship out. 
A second cottage ind ustry from which we all profited was the m anu­ facture of “ Japanese flags.” The la­ goon was used as an anchorage for allied merchant and Navy ships, and every time one came into harbor we went out in boats and sold the flags as war souvenirs to the crews. 
We made the “ Japanese flags” from white sheets and red paint which we had our p a re n ts ship us from the 
.States. After carefully draw ing the 
Rising Sun on the linen, we then splattered red paint around it to indi­ cate the flag had been captured during a bloody battle. 
We circled the ships as natives do, waving our flags and negotiating for meat, fresh vegetables or medicinal brandy. Our “ Japanese flags” are probably still decorating basements all over America. 

Despite what you see in the movies and on television, not all the 

 islands in the Pacific had beautiful panting nurses on them. 
There wasn’t one woman on Engebi and after six m onths we forgot all about them. Then Boh Hope came in with a USO show and he had some strange looking people with him that he kept making jokes about. 
One of the fellows in our tent insisted they were girls, and that they were very nice to touch and do other things with. 
But the rest of us didn’t believe him. 
“ Why would you want one of them in place of a good batch of raisin jack?” someone in the tent asked. 
I must admit, though, that after we saw the girls on stage with Bob Hope for a couple of hours, the peace and tranquility of Engebi was violently disturbed. People started fist fights for no reason, other natives refused to clean up their tents, and mistrust, su­ spicion and o th e r stron g feelings grabbed many of us. 
Bul in a few' weeks we forgot all about “girls" and went back to making raisin jack and Jap an ese flags and looking for seashells in the lagoon. 
I could go on about this glorious period of my life on Enewetak but I’m too choked up. I f s nice to read that the real natives have now returned to their islands. I know everyone in my Marine 
Corps outfit wishes he could be with them now. 

Page 
SH 
San Antonio EXPRESS NEW S— Sunday April 17 1977 
New breed taking over as corporate executives 

By. MICHAEL MACCO BY 

A new kind of man is taking over the leadership of most technically advanced companies in America — the gamesman. 

In contrast to tho jungle-fighter in­ dustrialists of the past, he is driven not build or to preside over empires, but to organize winning teams. 
Unlike the security-seeking organi­ zation man, he is excited by the chance to cut deals and gamble. He enjoys new’ ideas, new techniques, fresh ap­ proaches and shortcuts. His main goal in life is to be a winner. 

Since the ’5os the popular view of the corporate man has been the security- seeking “ organization” man whose sense of indentity is based on being part of the powerful, protective com­ pany. What was good for the company was good for him. This style of exe­ cutive had to learn personality specia­ lities and soft-pedal his old-style skills and attitudes. 
But the organizational housekeep­ ing, necessary to the management of 

 corporations, led to the development of fixed molds — and, in turn, to the ne­ cessity for bold, free-thinking men to break them. 
Back in the ahs the gamesman was too independent and irreverent to reach the top of the largest corpora­ tions. But in the ’Bds he went all out to win. So that now' in the 7os, when 
America no longer considers itself the land of unlimited abundance, rising energy costs and international compe­ tition call for competitive, risk-taking corporate gamesmen as leaders. 
But the gamesmen have had to become more sober and realistic, more concerned with reducing costs than overwhelming the opposition with in­ novation. Today it is the gamesman's character that holds the key to under­ standing the modern corporation and its future and to some extent the future of American life. 
On the average the 25o corporate managers interviewed shared many attitudes, values and behavior pat­ terns, it was the personality differ­ ences that determined managerial style and eventually how high the managers could rise in the hierarchy. 
The typical manager interviewed 

 was a man. Only 4 per cent were wo­ men. The range of ages was early 2os to mid-5os. The typical manager had three children, and he had never been divorced. It was significant that only 7 per cent of the sample had been di­ vorced, and almost all the successful managers reported closely knit fa­ milies. 
Most likely, he held a degree in electrical engineering. The range of salaries was from $15,ooo for young managers to more than $4oo,ooo a year for corporate presidents. 
Most executives had risen from the ranks of the company and had never worked anywhere else. 
After we had scored all the inter­ views in terms of dynamic character traits, different types began to emerge as distinct from one another in terms of the individual member’s overall or­ ientation to work, values and self- identity. 
Eventually four main psychological identified types were identified in the corporate technostructure: the crafts­ man, the jungle fighter, the company' man and the gamesman. These are ideal types in the sense that few people fit the type exactly and most are a 

 mixture of types. 
The craftsman holds the tradi­ tional values of the productive-hoard- ing character — the work ethic, re­ spect for people, concern for quality and thrift. The jungle fighter s goal is power. He experiences life and work as a jungle, where it is eat or be eaten. 
In the company man is the well­ known organization man who believes he will benefit most if the company prospers. 
The gamesman is the new man. His main interest is in challenge, compe­ titive activity where he can prove himeself a winner. 
To function, the corporations need craftsmen, scientists and company men — many could do without jungle fighters — but the big company’s fu­ ture depends most of all on the gamesman s capacity for mature de­ velopment. 
The craftsman, traditional builder, farmer, artisan, has a sense of self-worth based on knowledge, skill, discipline and self-reliance. More than any other character type, he has a sense of limits — of materials, energy, knowledge and the moral constraints 

VALLEY PARK 
FOODS 

6126 WURZBACH 

CORNER of WURZBACH & EVERS 

OPEN 24 HOURS 

EVERY DAY 

$OBRINO’S 

(El 
W i M T W 

7243 BLANCO ROAD 

MONDAY thru SATURDAY 8 o rn to 9 p rn 

SUNDAYS 9 a m to 8 p rn y ? i h l W 

PLAZA 
SOOPERS 

11441 PERRIN-BEITEL 

CORNER of Naco Perrin 

 ond Perrin BeOel 

OPEN 24 HOURS 

EVERY DAY 
DISCOVER THE DIFFERENCE ... USDA CHOICE "PS" BEEF 

WHOLE, CRY-O'VAC 
" I 
W RAPPED 
BONELESS 
BRISKET 
DISCOVER 
THE DIFFERENCE 

,|H% m 
| jMk J* 
* 
USDA Choice 
Chuck Steak ssa lb88c 

 jgyiTBh n 
■ 
»jiffies. 
« USDA Choice 
Chuck Roasts?:, lb68* 

— 
_ 
USDA Choice 
Arm Roast PS Beel 

 r~ 
o3 
SS 
OO 

—^ 
_ 
_ 
USDA Choice 
Rib Steak 
. . . n 
28 

CUDAHY BAR S 
SLICED 
BACON 

Swiss Steak 
English Roast 
Pork Loin Quarter Sliced 
Spare Ribs 

USDA Choice 
“ PS” Beef 
LB. 
Boneless 
USDA Choice 
“ PS” Beef 
LB. 

Country Style 

USDA CHOICE 
PERSONALLY SELECTED 
BONELESS 
CHUCK ROAST 
DISCOVER 
THE DIFFERENCE 
98® 
LB. 
Ice Cream 
Orange Juice W 

CALIFORNIA 

6-Oz. 
Cans 
Van Camp's 

Miracle Whip 
Pork & Beans 
Charcoal Briquets 
Yogurt Ti/ 

Arrow 

Swiss Style 
Assorted 

32-Oz. 
Jar 

16-Oz. 
Cans 

1o-Lb. 
Bag 

8-Oz. 
Ctns. 

COMPLETE IN-STORE HOT BAKERY! 
FRESH BAKED 
GLAZED 
DONUTS 
DOZEN 

J J French Bread 

Fresh 
Baked 

FRESH 
MUSHROOMS 
Crisp Carrots f,. 

Variety Lettuce 

Romaine. 
Green Leaf, 
Red Leaf, 
Boston 
Heads 

PRICES GOOD THRU 
TUESDAY, APRIL19th 
LIMIT RIGHTS 
RESERVED 
UNITED 
5UPER5 

— that must be respected to live a good life. 
Yet it is his work and inventiveness, the technology he has built, that have been used by jungle fighters, games­ men and other managers to expand and break through those limits. 
Of those interviewed on the lower levels of the technostructure, the ma­ jority were craftsmen. And even on the higher levels, many high-technology managers maintain some craftsman­ like attitudes which may he expressed in their approach to developing new ideas or building an organizations. 
The social character of the craftsman is responsible — family and work-oriented, productively hoarding, self-contained, self-affirmative, prudently conservative — and pater­ nalistic. Unlike the company man, ho does not idealize or worship the powerful organization, but the does defer to what he considers legitimate authority at work and in government. 
He fits easily into a system of masters and apprentices. 
Although the craftsman wants to do well and make money, he is motivated even more by the problem to be solved, the challenge of the work, and his sa­ tisfaction .in creating something of quality. 
Rarely satisfied in a large organization, he feels more at home working in a small group or on a pro­ ject with a defined and understandable structure. He wants to stay with the product from conception to comple­ tion. 
One craftsman remarked that for him “ electrical engineering is a great hobby, but I wonder about it as a pro­ fession. I'm not strongly motivated by money; I turned down three jobs $3oo or $4oo more per month because I didn’t like the work. I wanted a job like this, with the satisfaction of putting something together and seeing it work.” 
Despite the fact that many crafts­ men would prefer building to manag­ ing, they are otten moved to climb the 

 ladder. They want the money, and anyway, the lower-level work is not craftlike enough to hold them. 
There are few' exceptions to the ine­ vitable rise upward, usually among the receptive craftsmen. One was an ll-year veteran of a number of suc­ cessful small-instrument projects who actively chose to stay at the bench where he could work out solutions to difficult problems, work that he deeply enjoyed. He became a troubleshooter throughout the lab of a hundred en­ gineers where he" worked on yet an­ other small instrument project. 

“lf I had the opportunity to do an­ ything I wanted, or to study for a new career,” he said, “ I ’d choose the work 
I ’m doing now.” • 
Asked “ What is your goal in life?” he replied, “ I can say at least a few things, but not a thing. Contribute to the happiness of at least a few people. 
If I do a good job (at innovation) there will he nice paychecks for people in production. Develop some of the ta­ lents I have. Grow old gracefully. Not like I've seen many people.” 

Even those craftsmen who are frus­ trated at work bul preserve some of their interest in craft work and quality maintain values that keep them from being completely absorbed by corpor­ ate careerism. 
This interest also serves to keep a man awake and interested later in his career when the competition and the game, the struggle for promotions, have lost some or all of their interest for other corporate types. 
Within the corporate world, the craftsman, is on the defensive; trying to preserve his integrity from the ex­ ploitative demands of more aggressive managerial types. 

In 
M O N D A Y S 
E X P R E S S : 
Jungle Fighter/Com pony Man: 
Who Is IWZ 
Copyright^ 9 7 6 by M ichoel M occo b y 
Reprinted b y perm ission of Sim on & Schuster Inc. 
PATTY 

Dad. more dutiful and loving and gra- 1 cions than she ever was before. 
More than four months have passed, 
136 days. Since her release she has 
■celebrated her 23rd birthday and set­ tled into an odd routine that combines, at once, all the privileges of the rich and the inconveniences of the imp­ risoned. She has divided her time between San Francisco and the 
1oo-year-old ranch house the family maintains on the 144,ooo-acre estate at 
San Simeon. 
Here, in the environs of the castle her grandfather built, she rides horses, walks in the hills and is said to smoke marijuana when neither the guards nor her parents can see. 
She goes to a psychiatrist regularly, and one of the first tilings she did after leaving jail was making an appoint­ ment at Mr. Lee’s beauty parlor on 
Jones Street. 
There, she had her eyelashes dyed black. She loves the attention she gets, and is said to regard herself as not unlike a little movie star. 
She vacillates between states of acute anxiety and depression, on the one hand, and cheer and chatter on the other. Although she has now met many new people, she has made few new friends. She has chosen not to see many of the people she used to know, and her best pals may well be her guards. 

She makes fun of people, con­ demns them with a phrase, and is said to hate everyone who doesn t think she’s wonderful. But she loves animals and spends hours alone tossing 
Frisbees to the dog in places where no one but the guards can see. 
In private, she has informed for the government against many of her former comrades in the underground, including the woman she once adored, 
Wendy Yoshimura, but she has no re­ morse about this, it is said, no doubts, no confusions. 
She actively disliked the man she lived with up until the night of her kidnapping, Steven Weed, and has not seen him since then. Her favorite companion, by all accounts, is the guard dog. a German shepherd named 
Arrow, who sleeps at the end of her bed, licks her face in the morning and weighs almost as much as she does. 
Ile was trained to attack, she once said jokingly, on “ a picture of Orrick,” the federal judge, William ll. Orrick, who sentenced her. 
She jokes about wanting to fall in love and warning to meet men, but a lot of men don’t want to meet her. They apologize to the intermediaries trying to arrange the dates and say they’re not interested. 
She goes to lunch with friends to some of San Francisco’s fanciest places. She spends many of her even­ ings in nightclubs and restaurants, drinking wine and ordering food that she may only pick at and never finish. 
The rifles and pistols and walkie­ talkies sit at the adjacent table, or 

 stand in the doorway. They watch. 
When she excuses herself to go to the bathroom, her females guards go, too. and stand by the sink and wait. 

I fs an interesting fact about 
Patty Hearst, but almost everybody who meets her likes her. Many say they had not expected to. They point to her “ charm,” enthusiasm,” and even 
“ wit.” 
“ My heart goes out to her every time 
I see her,” said one woman. “ I think she’s the gutsiest person I know. She’s lived through hell and come out the other side damned nice.” 
But at least one person was struck by how “ undeveloped” she was for “ so­ meone of her potential.” “ She has no knowledge,” he said, “ not even any savvy, and you'd think, at least, she d have that.” 
There are others who speak of her arrogance, conceit abd shallow disre­ gard for other people. They call her manipulative and say her innocence and helplessness are real, but pur­ poseful. 
It gets everyone to take care of her, they say. Apart from her money, it provides, they claim, her greatest re­ source: the apparent willingness of others to provide for her: to be at her beck and call and to be her umbilical cord to the world al large. 
Interestingly, those years in the un­ derground do not seem to have had much effect on her attitude toward the world. 
She never, for example, ex­ presses any interest in politics of social issues, and has no feminist inclina­ tions. 
One man noted that w hen relaxing at home “ she reads, plays cards, watches television, talks to her Mom and Dad and her sisters. But they don’t talk about anything important,” he went on. 
“ They talk about people and the stock market and clothes, and laugh a lot, but. I don’t know', it just isn’t real. 
They never talk about anything real.” 
She is visibly concerned about her security and always wants to know whether the guards are in place, whether they have checked the grounds and if they are alert. 
There are reasons for this court-or­ dered security. Since she has given law-enforcement authorities extensive information about underground act- vities and such people as Emily and 
Bill Harris of the S.L.A., she is viewed as a valuable witness. Somewhat like a 
Mafia informant, she is said to need protection. 
For all tho presumptions some peo­ ple have, however, that she'll never go back to jail, this is, in fact, not all that certain. 
Some of those familiar with her legal position say that, as a convicted bank robber — no matter how heart rending her individual history may be — the government wants her to serve further time in jail as proof her case isn’t ar. example of special justice for the rich 

(C) 1977 lacey Tosburgh 

< 

Sears 

For fast development— bring your film to Sears for prompt developing, sharp, crisp prints 
Where America shops 

SEARS, ROEBUC K AND CO. 
Satisfaction Guaranteed or Your Money Back 

D o m m o * n Plaza Store 
S o led ad at N avarro 
Mon. a n d I liar*. 
VII o th e r days 

Military Drive ''to re at P leasan to n R oad 
Mon. thru Sat. 

 t entral Park "More 
San Pedro at l oop M U 
Mon. thru s at. 

Sears SALE! 
SAYE $4 NOW 

Men’s woven polyester 

 slacks in today’s dusty tones 
88 

Regular $13.oo. Slip on these slacks and find out what com­ fort is all about. Handsome Perma-Prest® double knit slacks of texturized woven polyester have slant pockets. From the 
Ban-Rol® waistband to the flared legs, they’re smart looking and great feeling. Easy-care, too . . . just machine wash, tum­ ble dry. And they’re sale priced! Choose from a variety of col­ ors. Waists 32-38. 

Salt* priced thru Saturday, April 2.$rd. 

Ask about Sears credit plans 

. 

.. 
■... .j 

Men’s Slacks 

 l f i i 
^ 
■ ■ ■ ■ ■ ■ ■ ■ I 

Special Purchase! 

Short sleeve dress shirts with an accent on color 

ONLY 

 earn 

While quantities last 

W elcome the colors of Spring with an exciting quality dress shirts, in a rainbow of colorful patterns. All are made of a comfortable collection of dress shirts, in a rainbow 

 polyester and cotton blend. Spread collars and center nlackets. Popular trim regular fit. In sizes 
14 to-17. 

• Men's Furnishings 

A ^ pccud purUiut>v though not reduce J ih an exceptional value. w m m & . 

T H IS VI) IS OI ll W O R D 
It lx b a c k e d by Scar* Vdvertisiug Policy w hich re ­ q u ir e r e v ery a d v e rtis e d item to be s u p p o r te d iii eac h sto re with sufficient m erc h an d ise . . . lf we should ru n oui of a in red u ced price item d u rin g the sale, we will re o rd e r lo r io u al the sale price. T his d o e s not ap ply to special p u rc h ase , c le ara n c e and closeout sales w here q u a n titie s are lim ited. 

 tiMPSSW 

 fem 

■' -a> 

Every 

THURSDAY 

 in the 

San Antonio 

Express 

Exclusively! 

* MEW VORK TIMES SERVICE 
SEATTLE — This pic­ turesque Northwestern metropolis has begun to think the unthinkable. 
After wringing their hands for years as they watched the city's white middle class dwindle, the schools atrophy for lack 

 of children, manufactur­ ing jobs leave for the suburbs and the city be­ come a haven for the young, the single, the childless and the elderly, som e public officials here are beginning to say the trend is really not so bad. 

An iconoclastic study released by the city’s Of­ fice of Policy Planning has provoked sharp de­ bate by saying, in effect, that there is little the city can do to attract more families with children, that it can get along without them and that it 

 might as well encourage the m ounting tide of young single people and childless couples. 
“ This policy accepts the loss of the white, m iddle-class, upper-in­ come families,” the re­ port states, adding that 
“ no special e ffo rts” 

 should be made to attract them “ as long as the in­ migrants to the city have sim ila r income levels and values.” ” 
Underlying the report, which flies in the face of the conventional view that large num bers of families and children are 

Sears Great 
VALUES in fashion fabrics 

4 4 /4 5 -in . cotton and polyester 

 crinkle cloth solids 

J _ yard 

Regular $2.99 

Bright colors for sportswear 

4 4 /4 5 -in . yarn-dyed polyester and cotton seersucker stripes, plaids 

I 97 
I yard 

Regular $2.49 

45-in yard-dyed polyester 

 and cotton seersucker, plaids, solids 

6o-in. Polyester knit 
Coordinates 

I to 5 yard pieces 

Sold by the piece. 

• Great selection of colors for separates 

45-in. Polyester and cotton 
2 to 5 yard pieces 

Assorted patterns and colors 

Interfacing 
97 
§ u n u l l 

Sears regular low price 

• 22/2.4-in. non-woven polyester 

 interlacing 4 ye i. i-k*. 

• 14/15-in fusible rayon interfacing. ii yd. pkg. 

Sale prices good thru April 2.3th 

 broadcloth prints o f polyester and rayon 

CHARGE IT on Sears 
Revolving 
Charge 

• Regular $1.99 

• Sew children's casual clothes 

42/44-in. Holly Hobble' quilted prints 

• Polyester and rayon face, tricot back, 
1oo% fiberfill. Keg. $3.29 yd. sale 2.47 

8-in. Bent handle cutting shears 
99 
Sears low price 
Multi-purpose 

U ltra-m odern design in stain less steel. 
Chrome-plated finish, black plastic handle inserts. Sharp cutting blades. Other sizes for different cutting needs at same price. 
Sears 

Iii Our .Notions Department 

Where America shops pgr.ntfT71ftr*^ls;or<‘ 

SEA HS. KOE. BC (K ANO C o. Satisfaction (/U C I TU f l i t t e d OK Your Money Hack 
All o th e r day s 9:3o-6 

M ilitary Drive Store at Pleasanton Rd. 
Mon. thru Sat. 
9:3U-9 

Central Pari: Store 
San Pedro at Loop 4 1 o 
Mon. thru Sat. 
9 :3 o -9 

 essential to urban health and the tax base, is a fundam ental debate about what a big city should be. 
It is a debate that is going on in many cities, as the inexorable forces of demographic change and economics pose some hard questions for urban leaders. 
Many people here are deeply troubled by the r e p o rt’s im plications, fearing the city’s “ Man- h a tta n iz a tio n ,” the catchword for a growing anonymity and rootless­ ness. 
Even as the report cir­ c ulates, an o th er city agency is sponsoring television commercials urging suburbanites to return to the city. 
Not immune 
While to Eastern eyes 
Seattle, with its im m a­ culate streets and bus­ tling downtown, seem s relatively healthy, it has not been immune to the ills that have ravaged places like Detroit and 
N ew ark — unem ploy­ m ent, racial friction, housing decay, the flight to suburbia. 
It has also been deeply affected by the demogra­ phic shifts to suburbia that are tra n sfo rm in g many Am erican cities, such as the declining birth rate, the postpone­ m ent of m a rria g e , the trend toward living alone or sharing homes with unrelated people. 
The trends have pro­ duced som e d ra m a tic statistics. After peaking at 55o,ooo, S eattle’s po­ pulation has dropped to 
5oo.ooo in a decade. 
But the n u m ber of households keeps rising, which m eans that fa­ milies are being replaced by single people and couples. 
In a city full of single­ family houses on leafy stre e ts, only about a quarter of the households include children, a pro­ portion well below the national average. One- third of the households have only one person. 
The w hite population is down l(j per cent, the minority population is up 
62 per cent. 
School enrollment has slid from 1oo,ooo in 1962 to just 63,ooo today, and it is expected to fall to 
4o.ooo in the next decade. 
The proportion of a l­ most every age group is dropping, except, signifi­ cantly, the 2o-to-34 cate­ gory, which has risen from 19 to 29 per cent of the population in 
15 years. 
Empty savings 
But the numbers do not say it as well as a walk down East Boston Street in the Capitol Hill sec­ tion, w here the swings in the park hang in solitary disuse. There is only one child in one typical block, and he is a teen-ager. 
Increasingly, the city is being dominated by peo­ ple like David and Chris­ tine Williamson, a New 
York-born architect and his wife, who bought a dilap id ated houseboat and converted it into a starkly modern home us­ ing such items as surplus airplane parts from the nearby Boeing plant. 
He is 36 and she is 27, and they are childless. 
They are too busy start­ ing up a design business. 
“ We want to get our pro­ fessional lives going f ir s t,” M rs. W illiam s said. 
A c a re e r also com es first for Kari Glover, 26, a Harvard-trained lawyer who rejected jobs in Ca­ lifornia and Texas to move to Seattle because of its 
“ d ra m a tic a lly beautiful” surroundings. 
She has not ruled out m arriag e and children but gives precedence to her c a re e r because it 
“ allows me to be inde­ pendent.” 
She said, “ I don’t have any desire to he taken care of.” She shares a private house with a di­ vorced woman. 
Homosexuals 
These people, along with m any young homosexuals, have begun to transform such fami­ ly-oriented neig h b o r­ hoods as Madison Park, 
Queen Ann Hill, Mount 
Baker and Capitol Hill. 
Many have bought homes and reclaim ed decayed buildings, m aking it harder for large families to move in. 
It is against this back­ drop that the planning office issued its contro­ versial report. 
Robert Wood W ilkin­ son, head of the office, says he set out to exa­ mine the “ urban mytho­ logy that says if you lose children the city will die.” 

Seattle has been losing children for years now, his staff argued, and if anything the city has boomed, emerging from the cultural backwaters into a city of considerable style. 
“ T hese people have chosen not to propagate, to spend m ore of their disposable income on their pre fe re n ce s,” he said. “ But Seattle is not full of swinging singles places — they are buying homes. And the popula­ tion with personal d is­ c retion ary income has grown, and the popula­ tion that demands public services has not.” 
Excitement 
These affluent young new com ers, the office argues, lend excitement to the city, encouraging new restaurants and new shops selling plants, sporting goods, furnish­ ings and books. 
They patronize the downtown area, newly revitalized by the restor­ ation of the historic 
Pioneer Square district and the old Pike Market. 
Solid old brick and granite buildings gleam with polished brass and paneled interiors. 
Still, many Seattle re­ siden ts fear that the trend will alter the char­ acter of the c ity ’s close-knit resid ential neighborhoods and lead to neglect. 
But Philip Sherburne, 
3o, one of the main auth­ ors of the new study, argues, “ We should pre­ serve the character and quality of single-family neighborhoods by focus­ ing on their condition, not their occupants.’’ 
He and his wife, Har­ riet. head of the market project, typify the type of couple the report focuses on. 
They have bought and restored an old Victorian house and plan to have no children. 

M AYOR WES UHLMAN is worrying about the schools 
Such people could be accompanied, the report says, by shifting money from “ children-orient- e d ” facilities — play­ grounds, for example — into housing rehabilita­ tion. 
N It urges Seattle to sta­ bilize its population at 
5oo.ooo by keeping the c u rren t m ix tu re of fam ilies and childless residents, but to build new apartm ents for the single people and cou­ ples, thus relieving pres­ sure on the housing m ar­ ket. 
It also urges the city to flow with the economic tide, lf Seattle is becom­ ing less a manufacturing town and m ore a busi- ness-serviee economy, so be it, says the report: 
Build more office towers. 
It is the fate of the public schools that is the deepest source of worry. 
Every year enrollment slips by another 3,ooo or 
4.ooo and the proportion of minority pupils grows. 
Schools have customarily been the glue that holds neighborhoods together 

 and the fear is that if they close down or deter­ iorate, neighborhoods will decay. 
The threat of an inte­ gration suit exacerbates the fears. 
“ I'm very fearful about the schools,” Mayor Wes 
U hlman said in an interview. “ We always had strong schools. When people buy homes they do so because of the schools. 
This will undermine that and introduce uncertain­ ty.” 

Not dismayed 
Still, the tide of newcomers does not dis­ may the mayor, who is ending his term soon. 

“ I am not wringing my h a n d s ,” he said. “ If 
Seattle is more desirable to singles and older peo­ ple, or sm a lle r house­ holds, or says, that’s not necessarily bad. 
“ Most m ayors wring their hands about the loss of the w hite middle class, but a city is like a living organism that changes every 2o or 31) years.” 
JOHN 
NEWCOMBE 
WRITES ON 
TENNIS 

San Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— Sunday April 17 1977 
I Seattle may accept urban loss 

Where America shops 

Satisfaction Guaranteed or Your Money Back 
Sears 

SEARS. RO EBU CK AND CO. 

Sears 

Hurry! Buy this regular price, quilt-top mattress... and get the box spring for 
1/2 
PRICE 

Buy a Twin Mattress for 
6 9 «» 

 and gel In in Foundation for...34.12 

TRY INNERSPRING OR 
SEROFOAM POLYURETHANE 

 living furnaces 

)NLY 2o.o7 MORE! 
)ver twice as many coils is the above mattress 

'w in m attress r b o x sp rin g 

’ry quilt-top Sears-O -pedie II for deep apport. In 462-eoil innerspring (o27 roils ii fu ll). Or 6’/2-in. polym eric foam with erofoam polyurethane. 

*ull mattress or box spring ........... 1o*1.95 
!-po. Queen set ................................... 28*1.95 l-pe. King set ...................................... 3 9 9 .9 5 

A SKYLIGHT provides a greenhouse heating effect over the company library while Barbara Curran adds her body heat to the energy efficient building 
Workers are 

Talk about com fort! H ere's a mattress that's really firm. W itll non-sag borders. 
Plus a padded quilt top. In 2 1o-coil inner­ spring (312 roils in fu ll). Dr 6-in. Sero- foam polyurethane. 

• Buy Full mattress f o r .............................. 8 9 .8 8 
And get full box spring for only ........ 
41.12 
• Buy Queen mattress for ..................... 1o4.9,5 
And get Queen box spring for only .. 5 2 .o 5 
• 
Buy King mattress lor ........................ 1 5 9 .9 4 

 associated press 
BASKING RIDGE, N.J. - 
When Dick and Jane and Bob and Mary come to work in the morning, they become living furnaces to help heat their of­ fices. 
So do some 2,2oo other employes at the giant new headquarters here of the giant American Telephone and T ele­ graph Company (AT&T). 
In fact, the whole building is heated almost solely by their body heat and heat from lights, electric typewriters, copying machines and the like. T here’s enough heat left over to supply hot water in washrooms. 
Heat is collected through ceiling vents by fans and used to heat water. 
In turn the hot water surrenders heat to air from the outside m ixed w ith recycled air. 
85 degrees 
Offices and corridors can be heated to 65 to 85 degrees. R arely does an electric boiler have to-be turned on, unless outside the tem perature drops below 15 degrees. 
The saving in oil and energy is sta r­ tling. 
A person of average size radiates or wastes 35o BTU’s (British therm al un­ its) of heat per hour, about the same as a 1oo-watt bulb, says William Draper, assistant manager for AT&T’s energy conservation program here. One BTU is the heat required to raise the tem ­ perature of one pound of water by one degree Fahrenheit. 
Heat captured from employes saves the equivalent of one barrel of oil a day, he adds. 
The saving each month from body heat is equivalent to enough oil to heat an average-size house for a year. 
Draper estim ates. Or it would exceed the energy in the gasoline needed to drive a car daily for one month the 46o miles round trip from New York to 
Washington, DC. So your own body helps a bit to keep your own house or apartment warm. 
The 35o BTU’s per hour are enough to bring a kettle of water to a boil in less than an hour. That sounds high for a single human body “ furnace,” but your body is about 75 per cent water, 
Draper explains, and dissipates heat to maintain all that water at your normal temperature of 98.6 degrees. 
Calories 
Your heat comes from food turned into simple fuels, measured in calories 
:.. or in BTU’s. 
A heavier person produces m ore heat. Excitement and physical activity boost the output. And som e people have a higher metabolism or therm o­ stat than others, letting them consume more calories without gaining pounds. 
The heating system here capitalizes on these physiological principles, plus the fact that 9o per cent of the energy from an electric light bulb is heat rather than light. Draper says. So is 85 per cent of the energy in a fluorescent fixture. 
Reclaiming body heat in some form is not unique, say John W ashburn, m anager of design and construction, and Robert Korec, building m anager at the offices here. What is unusual, they say, is total recovery of heat and control by a central computer which is a busy “ brain” not only for the heating system but for about a dozen other tasks. 
Computer 

The com puter keeps tabs through thermostats on tem perature in every room and area, from the warm er cen­ tral core to peripheral rooms where outside air cools the w alls. It then decides w here heat or cooler a ir is needed. 

It controls heat levels in a building with some 2 m illion sq u are feet of 

MARIETTA BROWER does her port while she types: She gives off 
35o BTU’s an hour 

 space, equal to one of the two World 
Trade Center towers dominating New 
York City’s skyline. 
Body and other heat is recovered in a system consisting of fans, condensers, w ater pumps, chillers and refrigera­ tion machines. Excess heat is .stored at 
125 degrees in tanks with 6o,ooo-gallon capacity. It is released at night to keep the building warm. On extrem ely cold days, the electric boiler may be turned on briefly to bring night tem perature to a more comfortable level just before employes arrive to contribute their own heat. 
In summer, excess heat is dissipated through cooling towers. 

More or less i 
The M inneapolis-Honeywell H-316 computer permits an employe to order less or more heat or light for his office. 
It keeps track of carbon m onoxide levels in a 3,ooo-car garage and turns on fans to reduce any hazard. It cuts off fans or other non-essential electric equipment when brown-outs threaten. 
It also monitors security guard opera­ tions. 
In all, the com puter m onitors 1,ooo points, scanning 5o,ooo hits of infor­ mation a second. 

Using body heat in this novel way is part of a grander design at AT&T to m aintain zero energy grow th, which means using no more energy next year than last while still expanding opera­ tions and m an u factu rin g , says Sid 
Collis, assistant vice president for in­ ventory management, energy and environment. 

For exam ple, the num ber of tele­ phones made by AT&T’s Bell System was increased by 5 million last year. 
Norm ally this would have required about 5 per cent more energy. Through conservation “ we have not had to in­ crease our energy requirem ents,” he says. 
Savings 

Some savings com e through recy­ cling components of the telephone — plastics, which come from oil, and lead and copper. Some 12o,ooo tons of cop­ per are recycled by Bell each year, saving 83 per cent of the energy needed to mine new copper. Collis says. 

Copper is a non-renewable resource 
— once it is mined, there is less in the earth for the future. 

But body heat comes from som eth­ ing that is renewable — the food we eat. 

To order,phone: 9 2 3 -5 5 1 o 

F LO W E R S B Y S E A R S . . . 
W iFi peM tm al JJxFuii. 

San Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— Sunday April 17 1977 

*5 to *45 OFF! 
White French furniture 

YOUR CHOICE OF PIECES 

Regular $ 99.95 to $119.9o 

Single dresser base 
Lingerie chest 
Poudre table 
Door hutch 
Student desk 
Cheval mirror 
Storage chest 
Twin poster bed: canopy frame, head and footboard 
; 

Bonnet: fresh feminine styl­ ing. \Y itll delicate gold color striping. And graceful cabri­ ole legs. See it today! 

S Io 9 .9 5 Full canopy bed .... 77.88 
$ 2 2 .9 5 Full canopy frame ... 1o.oo no! shown: 
$ 129.95 Double dresser .... 1o9.88 
$ 1 4 9 .9 5 Triple d r e sse r 
129.88 
$ 7 9 .9 5 Spindle bed, twin .... 71.88 
$ 8 9 .9 5 Spindle bed, full ......... 8 4 .8 8 
$ 9 9 .9 5 Stack unit .................... 79.88 
Pieces at Regular low prices 
A. Plate glass m irror ............. 59.88 
J. Desk chair ............................... 4 9 .8 8 not shown: 
Plate glass mirror ....................... 4 9 .8 8 
Night stand .................................... 59.88 

*2 to *5 OFF! 
Hand-loomed look open weave... or easy care Perma-Prest8 draperies 

Chico is an airy drapery of cot­ ton, rayon, acetate and poly­ ester. Machine-wash, line dry. 
In 9 earthy colors. 
97 
Regular $ 1 3 .9 9 pr. 
48x84 in. long l l 

Si*#* 
Regular 
SAFE 
48x63-in. 
12.99 
8.97 

72x84-in. 
25.99 
22.97 

96x84- in. 
3 3 .9 9 
29.97 
48x84-in. 
13.99 
11.97 

Sherbet is a slub-texture no­ iron drapery of cotton and polyester with insulating acryl­ ic foam hack. Machine-wash, tumble dry. In 8 hues. 

Regular $ 1 5 .9 9 pr. 
I 
^ ^ 
5ox84-in. 
JL C-# 

Size 
Regular 
SALE 

5ox84-in. 
1 5 .9 9 
13.97 
75x84-in. 
2 7 .9 9 
24.97 

!OOx84-in. 
3 6 .9 9 
32.97 

125x84-in. 
4 5 .9 9 
4o.97 

I OOx81-in. l-wav draw 
3 8 .9 9 
34.97 

Prices <»«mh1 thru April 3oth 

Ask about Sears credit plans 

Downtown Plaza Store 
Soledad at Navarro 
M on. and Thurs. 9 :3 o -9 
AII other days 9 :3o-6 

Military Drive Store at Pleasanton Road 
Mon. thru Sat. 
9:3o-9 

Central Park Store 
Sail Pedro at Loop HO 
Mon. thru Sat. 
9 :3 o -9 

San Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— Sunday April I 7 I 977 
The saga of working couples now normal 

ASSOCIATED WESS 
Up at 6 a.m. 
He show ers. 
She changes the baby. She showers. He feeds the baby. She fixes break­ fast. Both gulp it down. 
All three play peek-a-boo. 
At 8:45, husband and wife walk out the door together, turn and wave to the drooling child a housekeeper is holding up at the window. He goes his way; she goes hers. 
An unusual scene? Not anymore. 
It s the saga of the w orking couple: The tw o-paycheck fam ily, once an anom aly of 
A m erican life, now' quickly becom ing the norm. 
Two incom es. 
Two schedules. Two egos. 
Two bosses to worry about. Two sets of busi­ ness acq uain tances to e n te rta in . P e rh a p s a move that advances one career stymies the other. 
The p re ss u re s are multiplied when the cou­ ple adds a child. Or two. 
Or three. 
For more and more couples, inflation has 

Almost five out o f IO American fam ilies in which the husband works, the wife does too. And the numbers are grow ing. 

 made it a necessity for both marriage partners to work; the w om en’s movement has made it respectable. 
The result is that to­ day, in almost five out of 
IO American families in which the husband works, the wife does, too. 
And the num bers are growing every day. 
The latest government figures show that in 1975 there were about 18 mil­ lion fam iles in which both husband and wife worked. Of these, 72 per cent of the wives had fulltime jobs. 
A decade ago. there were about 13 million fa­ m ilies in which both husband and wife were w orking. 
They co m ­ prised about three out of 
IO families in which the husband worked. 
On the average, earn­ ings of wives accounted 

 for one-fourth of family income in 1974, govern­ ment figures show'. The wife who worked full­ time contributed 38 per cent of family income, compared with 12 per cent for those who worked parttime. 
The median income of families where the wife worked fulltim e was 
$17,5oo, compared with 
$12,36o when the husband was the only wage earner. 

With the extra money and new-found freedom come new problems. Big ones: If the wife is trans­ ferred, does the husband give up his job to move? 
Whose c a re e r comes first? 
And little problems: 
Who picks up the toddler from the day-care center, stays home when the kid is sick, fixes dinner, buys 

 groceries, vacuums the rug? 
“ My biggest p ro b ­ lem,” said Joan Wood, 
44, an architect in Boston and mother of three boys, 
‘‘is how do you get ever­ ything done: The shop­ ping, cleaning, emptying the d ish w ash er, who takes som eone to the doctor if one of us is sick?” lier husband, also an architect, does the shop­ ping part of the time, she said: “ But ifs not even. lie p a rtic ip a te s m ore than he used to. But ifs an education process. 
Today he went to New 
York, and it was his turn to drive the car pool. 
“ He found someone to switch with him. In the old days, it would have been m e.” 
Mrs. Wood said she doesn't consider her job, in which she m ade' 
$13,ooo last year, to be as im p o rta n t at her husband’s job. 
“ I do domestic archi­ tecture, like housing. He does big buildings, and his firm has gotten a lot of awards. In terms of a rc h ite c tu re , mine is 

 considered the lowest on tbe totem pole. 
Mrs. Wood said the couple pools th eir in ­ com es. 
“ But th e r e ’s never a surplus. I intend to win the lottery.” 
The Woods are not alone. 
For m any two-pay­ check couples today, life has become a symphony led by two conductors, a high school algebra problem, if the train tra­ vels north at 2oo miles per hour . . . if she leaves the office in 15 minutes .. 

A hassle. 
Time turns into money. 
Couples find th e m ­ selves ordering Chinese food rath er than fixing dinner, taking cabs to get home before the baby goes to sleep, taking cheap vacations to get away from it all — and back again quickly. 
Working couples deve­ lop unspoken u n d e r­ standings among their friends. Candlelit d in ­ ners of the past turn into progressive dinners — one b rin g s salad, one brings beer, one brings dessert. 

THE W OODS feed sons Joshua, left, Daniel and Paul 

Everyone sends out for pizza and splits the tab. 
Social scientists see the two-paycheck fam ily m ak in g d ra m a tic changes in Amercan life 
— not only in when we m a rry and how m any children we have, but in how our marriage roles are defined, how we care 

 for our children and who cares for them, how we spend our money and choose a place to work. 
They see a possiblity that the growing number of working couples will force more businesses to offer employes a choice of schedules and promo­ tions, even if they don’t 
SAVE s8o on big screen color TV 

 with Sensor Touch tuning... 

SALE 
393 

5o J 65 

Sim ulated TV reception 

Save "IO on portable 

 black-white television 

Easy to move from r o o m to room. 12 i n c h d i a g ­ o n a l measure p i c t u r e ; white cabinet with black front, e a r r i n g h a n d l e . 

Kegular $1o9.95 
99 

8 8 

1oo% nolid-state chas­ sis gives this set the de­ pendability you want. 

Television sale prices in effect thru April 3o 

95 

Regular $479.95 

19-inch diagonal measure picture 

 ss*** 

“ 
* I1 
•: ie-1 ..>./*[rn 
1 ? : .Im lam 
]e&t» 
: mm 

S e n s o r T o u c h electronic tuning is quiet, dependable. 
Go from one pre-set chunnel to another. 

1oo% solid-state chas­ sis gives your set the de­ pendability you want. 

One-button color with 
Automatic Frequency 
Control. Adjustable. 

S u p e r C h r o m i x " black m atrix picture tube for vivid, realistic color. 

Kenmore large-capacity aundry pair 

Heavy-duty washer 
2 1 9 
In white 
$ 

Vlake your washday easy with this large- capacity washer! Has 3or7 more washing space than sta n d a rd capacity washers: 
Tem perature combinations automatically set. 

Permanent dress dryer 

In white $179 

Sears 

W ashday is a breeze with this la r g e - c a p a c ity e le c tric d ry er! 
C otton/sturdy, permanent press, 
“ air o nly ” settings for all your w a sh a b fe s. T o p - m o u n te d lin t screen. In white. 

Kenmore dryers require eith er electrical or gas connectors which are n o t in clu d ed in th e price shown. 

66111 

''e ar- Pricing P o lio : If an item is not described as re­ duced or a special purchase it is at its regular price. A special purchase, though not reduced, is un exceptional value. 

 f ree sewing instructions with the purchase of any new Kenmore sewing head 

Sew on buttons with th is m odel. A djusts to tw o or four hole styles. 

D ia l t h e s t it c h you want with one easy-to- ad ju st knob. 

ONLY *69 

 for this K enm ore1' 

 sewing head that 

 mends and darns 

Where America shops 

U k A H S , ROEBUCK AND CO. 
Downtown Plaza Store 
Soledad at Navarro 
Mon. and Thurs- 9 :3 o -9 
Satisfaction Guaranteed or Your Money Back 
A ,! ° , h e r d***9:3o 6 

Military Drive Store at Pleasanton Rd. 
Mon. thru Sat. 
9:3o-9 

Central Park Store 
San Pedro at Loop 4 1 o 
Mon. thru Sat. 
9:3o-9 

TH IS AD IS OI R WORD It i« backed by Sears Advertising Policy which requires every advertised item to be supported in eaeb store with sui Orient merchandise lf we should run out of a ny* reduced prier item during the sale, we will reorder for you at the sale price. T hi- does not apply to special purchase, clearance and clo­ seout sales where quantities are limited. 

NEIGHBORHOOD STORES (m ost items and services shown also at Neighborhood stores) 
Valley-Hi 
9 6 2 Bandera Rd. 
H arrv W urzbarh at J8ooS.W .W . W hite Rd. 
Universal City 
674-5511 
432-2391 
Riitim un 826-9578 
3 3 3 -2 9 1 o 
1633 Pat Booker Rd. 
658-7491 

 work overtime. 
They hope to push through changes in the 
Social Security system and incom e tax laws, structures that were de­ signed at a tim e when most wives stayed home. 
“ The crux of the prob­ lem is not two parents working,” said Dr. Urie 
Bronfenbrenner, profes­ sor of hum an develop­ ment and family stru c­ ture at Cornell Universi­ ty. 
“ It’s the inflexibility of the social system, its un­ willingness to respond lo reality and make it pos­ sible for people to be working and raise their kids in the way they would like to a rra n g e things instead of the way they are forced to do so.” 
B ro nfenb renn er su g ­ gested that tax incentives be given to businessmen who offer a choice of working hours to their employes or allow them lo take sick leave when the children are ill. 
“ Nowadays, the only businesses that can af­ ford to do creative things like that are the ones with terrific profit m ar­ g in s ,” he said. “ But that’s not most of Amer­ ican business.” 
B ronfenbrenner said also that p a re n ts with children ought to work parttime and give up the luxuries th at ex tra in­ come buys. 
People can afford this, he said, “ If we would be willing to consider kids as im portant as we do color TVs and two cars.” 
My g u ess is 

 takes c a re of the c h il­ dren. 
“One alternative is for 
Marian to get a job and find a babysitter or play group or something for the kids,” he said. 
“ But th a t has neg a­ tives. One, you’re paying out money for babysit­ ters; and two, you’re not participating very much in the parenting of your kids.” 
Mrs. Lewis said: “ lf it could be worked out, it would be a perfect solu­ tion for my interest in (I) a career, and (2) beging a particip atin g parent. 
To work a 4o-hour week seems like it would take a tremendous toll. 
A dilemma 
“ I don’t think ifs real­ ly possible for a family to have two professional careers and take care of infants . . . It’s what you call a dilemma. How do you have a career? How do you have a family and how do you have fun? It seems the fun has togo.” 
One effect of the two- paycheck family is that couples with only one income find they c an ’t afford the same standard of living some of their neighbors enjoy. 
“ I call this the ‘Keep- ing-up-with-the-Joneses’ effect,” said Dr. Isabel 
Saw hill, an economist at the U rban In stitu e in 
Washington. 
“ People look around and feel hard pressed to put together the standard of living they want on one income. What they want is what their friends and 

One effect o f the two-paycheck fam ily is that couples with only one income fin d they can V af­ ford the same standard o f liv­ ing some o f their neighbors en­ joy 

 economically if you look at m iddle incom e fa­ milies where two parents are working fulltime, they could do quite well if both parents were work­ ing three-quarter time. 

Tremendous 
“ That would m ake a tremendous difference in terms of what happens to the kids in our country. It would not affect income in a critical way. It would reduce luxury income. 
“ But that really r e ­ quires the recognition and assumption that par­ enthood is at least as im­ portant as the rest of the things you do during the day.” 
John Lewis of Oakland, 
( alif., agrees with Bron­ fenbrenner that the sys­ tem is inflexible. He and his wife, Marina, both 33, have m aster s degrees from Fresno State. 
They have been looking for a job they could share so they could spend more tim e with th eir two toddlers. He would work parttime; she would work parttime. 
They have had no luck. 
“ It all has to dc with supply and d e m a n d ,’’ 
Lewis said. “ There are 2U people for every job, so they can be totally picky on the qualifications they want, who they want. I can see why in some cases it would be a nega­ tive — more bookkeep­ ing, more administrative paperwork. But the plus would be synergy, one and one makes three. 
“ You would get two energies, two perspectives, two prob­ lem -solving points of view. 
Lewis takes home about $7,5oo a year as a media librarian for Blue 
Cross while his wife 

 neighbors have and that is often bought with two incomes.” 

Two incomes can pro­ duce pro blem s, too. 
Studies show th ere is more divorce among fa­ milies in which the w ife works. Social scientists say that this reflects both g reater economic inde­ pendence of women and marital stress of couple re-evaluating their own roles. 

According to 
Dr. 
Sawmill, women who are employed fulltime have more power within their fam ilies than women working parttime or not at all. And women with prestigeous occupations or with salaries exceed­ ing their husbands have the most power. 

“ As more women move into the labor force and contribute a larger frac­ tion to the total family income, they will acquire new rights as wives and improve the bargaining position within the m ar­ riages,” she writes in a paper on the implications of working women on family life. 

“ The wife who had to ask her h usban d’s p er­ m ission to buy a new dress will have freedom to m ake her own d e ­ cisions about these m at­ ters, in addition to the higher status which gen­ erally acc ru e s to in­ come-earning adults.” 

Supportive 
Dr. Saw hill, whose husband is president of 
New York U niversity, said that many men in high-level positions, especially the country’s lead ers, have gotten th ere with supportive wives at home. 

Plane explosion safety systems can cut deaths 

San Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— Sunday April 17 1977 

LOS ANGELUS iIMES 
WASHINGTON - A decade ago, veteran test pilot Al White was flying an XB-7o bomber when it collided high over the desert with an Air Force jet- 
The bomber’s fuel tank ruptured, but White later said he had time to bail out because the craft’s experimental safety sys­ tem s prevented an immediate explosion. 
In the years that fol­ lowed, the m ilitary in­ stalled similar exposion prevention system s in many of its planes, in­ cluding all 77 C5A jumbo cargo jets and the craft which fly U.S. p re s i­ dents. 
M eanw hile, the N a­ tional Transportation Sa­ fety B oard was docu­ menting more and more instances where airline passengers survivod the initial impact of crashes but were killed by explo­ sions and fast-spreading fuel fires. 
FAA can 
The NTSB itself cannot order changes in planes or air operations, so in 
1971 it urged the Federal 
Aviation Administration 
— which can — to require com m ercial airlines to install system s to curb explosion and fire dangers. 
Three years later, the 
FAA acknow ledged 
“ there are several feasi­ ble, practical and relia­ ble m ean s” to do this, and proposed regulations m an d atin g the safety step. 
But the reg u latio n s have never been im ple­ mented by the FAA, and the delay now is cited by one co n g ressm an as a classic case of “ regula­ tory lag and lethargy which courts disaster “ 
It s not the only case. 
In the days since avia­ tion's worst diaster — the fiery collision of two jumbo jets at a Canary 
Islands a irp o rt — a series of interviews by 
Los Angeles T im es’ re ­ porters and examination of extensive government docu m ents have sp o t­ lighted other instances w here b u reau ratic red tape, corporate lobbying or institutional inertia has stalled implemen­ tation of air safety recommendations. 
To be su re, the b u r­ eaucracy which ov ersees aviation in A m erica — the FAA, NTSB. and Ci­ vil Aeronautics Board — has joined with air car­ riers and airplane manu­ facturers to steadily im­ prove a ir service and safety. 
Remarkable 
Today, the fatal acci­ dent rate for U.S. com ­ mercial airlines is .OOI per million aircraft miles 
— “ A truly remarkable accom plishm ent,” said 
NTSB chairman Webster 
B. Todd dr. 
But Todd and other of- 

 pending safety steps could have saved the lives of any of the 577 p asseng ers who died when a FLM Royal Dutch 
A irlines 747 speeding toward takeoff rammed a 
Pan American Airways 
747 taxiing on the same runway. 
Doubts 
Levitas and go v ern ­ m ent aviation officials refuse to speculate pub bely on the question. One 
FAA official, however, expressed private doubts that any of the proposed m easu res would have lowered the death toll. 
“ The force of the im ­ pact, the destruction of the a irfra m e s and the large quantities of fuel — all the ingredients were there for a major holo­ caust,” this official said 
But some survivors on the Pan Am plane told of fellow passengers who survived the crash im ­ pact only to be felled by subsequent explosions, fast-spreading fire and billowing clouds of black smoke. 
It s a scene that's been played out before in previous crashes, and a scene that for two de­ cades ’ohs concern*^ pi lots, accident investiga­ tors, safety researchers and g ov ernm ent agencies. 
As far back as 1956, the 
Air Line Pilots Assn. re­ commended that jetlners be equipped with “explo­ sion protection in their fuel systems.’* 
By 1966, test pilot Al 
White was living proof of the value of a system which feeds a steady stream of nitrogen gas into the em pty space above the fuel in the tank, thus keeping out air and maintaining a non­ flammable mixture at all times. 
Equipped 
W hites 
2,ooo-mile- per-hour XB-7o research bom ber was equipped with this “ nitrogen in- erting system ” when it was involved in the mid-air collision June 8, 
1966. 
He parachuted safely to earth and years later, as an aerospace consultant headquartered in Irvine, 
Calif., he wrote the FAA: 
“ . . . having survived that accident due to fuel tank inerting, I am very m uch in favor of fuel tank explosion p ro tec­ tion. 
“ . . . in some past ac­ cident cases it does not take exhaustive scientific studies to recognize that fuel tank explosion pro­ tection would have saved lives.” 
The NTSB was coming to the same conclusion. 
In 1971, investigating the crash of an A llegheny 
Airlines plane near New 
Haven, Conn., it d e te r­ mined that as many as 27 of the 28 persons who died had survived the in­ itial im p act but their 

Some survivors on the Pan 
Am plane told o f fellow pas­ sengers who survived the crash impact only to he fe lle d by subsequent explosions, f a s t - 
.sprea(Iiiig J ire and smoke 

 ficials agree that the go­ vern ment’s cu n t bersome regulato ry processes have helped th ro ttle some safety recommen- 
•dations. 
The scope of this regu­ latory lag was detailed by 
Rep. Elliott Levitas, D- 
Ga., in a House speech on 
March 15, less than two weeks prior to the Canary 
Islands disaster. 
Levitas said his inquir- ied 135 instances during the past eight y e a r s ’ where the FAA had re ­ jected the NTSB’s safety recom m endations, and another 28! cases where the FAA agreed with 
NTSB recommendations but had yet to fully im plem ent them — in­ cluding 95 recommenda­ tions d ating back the three or more years. 
He cited exam ples ranging from the explo­ sion and fire suppression system to improved seat­ belts, more reliable oxy­ gen systems and better m arking of em ergency exits w here safety r e ­ commendations have not been implemented. 
It’s impossible to know whether any of the still- 

 cfiances of escaping from the plane “drastically li­ mited by fire and smoke as well as by explosions which rapidly expanded the fire.” 
The board, on a 4-2 vote, recommended that the FAA initiate action to require that passenger planes have “ fuel system fire safety devices which will be effective in the prevention and control of both in-flight and post­ crash fuel system fires and explosions.” 
No surprise 
The proposal hardly came as a surprise to the 
FAA. The agency five years earlier had created an advisory com m ittee on fuel system fire safety to study the problem. 
And in 197o, the FAA approved installation of a nitrogen inverting sy s­ tem in the fuel tanks of an agency-owned DC-9 used for training flights by FAA personnel and officials. 
But at about the same time, the advisory com­ mittee was abolished and an effort to draft regula­ tions was dropped. 

Then came the NTSB’s reco m m end ation , fol­ lowed by a petition from the Aviation Consumer 
Action Project, a group founded by consumer ad­ vocate Ralph N ader, urging the FAA to r e ­ quire a nitrogen inerting system in all present and future passenger planes. 

The slow ness of the agency and industry to 

 a ct on the problem 
“ represents one of the sh ab biest episodes in m odern aviation h is­ to ry ,” wrote ACA? a t­ torney Neil McBride. 

Eighteen months later, the FAA responded to 
ACAP's petition. In a 
“ notice of proposed rule- making,” it said that to require a nitrogen inert­ ing system “ would be 

THIS C S A has a sa fe ty system that could h ave sa ve d lives in the recent jum bo jet collision 

 unduly re stric tiv e ” be­ cause two other “ explo­ sion prevention systems have been developed and tested that safeguard an airp lan e and its occu­ pants from fuel tank and venting system fires and 

 explosions.” 
One of the other sy s­ tem s involved filling a fuel tank with polyureth­ ane foam. “ Tests have shown the foam prevents a tank fire or explosion,” the agency’s document 

 said. 
The other system auto­ m atically discharges a fire-arresting agent if the fuel vapor in a tank ig­ nites. 
“The system as it has been developed and test- 

 ed has been shown to be highly reliable,” the do­ cument added. 
T hus, the FAA co n ­ cluded, there are feasible ways to prevent fires or explosions in plane fuel tanks or “ suppress a fire • 

 or explosion once initiat­ ed.” 
The m a n u fa c tu re rs jointly argued th at the sy stem s cited by FAA were unproven and “ will result in a degradation in aircraft safety.” 

Save *54 on chest-cabinet combination 

Reg. $ 2 o 9 .9 8 
99 

SAVE $3o on Craftsman inch circular saw 

Rugged Craftsman 6- dr. chest and 3-dr. cab­ inet combination. 
$ 9 9 .9 9 6-dr. chest separate .......... 7 9 .9 9 
$ 1 o 9 .9 9 3 -d r. cabi­ net separate .. 8 4 .9 9 

Sale price thru 
W ed., Apr. 3 o 

Save * 1o on 
Wcedwacker 

Reg. $69.99 5 9 ” 

Craftsman W cedwarkrr trimmer uses n>lon whip for trimming, edging. 

Sale price thru 
Sat., Apr. 3 o 

Regular $ 6 9 .9 9 . D evelops m a x i m u m 2 H P to c u t through 2x4’s at both 45° and 
9o° with ease! Ball and roller bearings for long life. No-load speed of 54oo rpm. Precision helical gearing. 

Sale price thru Sat., Apr. 3o 

SAVE 3o% to 38% 
44 

 each 

Your choice 2 

A. $ 3 .9 9 5-pe. wrench set 
It. $ 3 .9 9 9-in. torpedo level 
U. $ 3 .4 9 6-ft. folding rule 
I). $ 3 .4 9 utility pliers 
E. $ 3 .4 9 !4-in. drive flex bar 
I'. $ 3 .9 9 IO-ft. tape measure 
G. $ 3 .5 9 6-in. diagonal pliers 
IL $ 3 .5 9 long nose pliers 
I. $ 3 .9 9 linesniairs pliers 

Sale prices thru W ed., Apr. 2o 

 interior flat 

. i Late*. 

1/2 Price 

Wall and trim paint 

Regular *9.99 
4 " 
JL gal. 

ANTED 4 W S I 
-jags 

 gal. 

One-coat covers any color. Washable, color­ fast, resists spotting great for traffic areas. In 
14 colors. 

3 2 o o 5 
3 4 o o 5 
Save *3 on your choice exterior latex flat or gloss 
o 9 9 
Regular $ 11.99 each 
O g a l. 

Gloss finish latex house-trim paint covers with just one coat. Washable comes in 33 attractive colors. 

Sears Best latex house-trim paint is Sears most durable exterior Hat. 28 great colors. 

Lim ited warranty 

Sears paints, when applied according to directions, will cover any color with one coat (except rough or textured surfaces) where indicated by checkm ark in the chart and have the qualities indicated for the years shown in the chart, or contact Sears and you get necessary additional paint or your money back. 

This warranty does not include labor or cost of labor for the application of any paint. 

Paint Mu. i 
Coal 
Washable 
Colorfast 
Slain removal 
Spot resistant 
Dura­ bility 

8 7 o o 5 
I S 
3 yrs. 
3 yrs. 
3 yrs. 

7 7 o o 5 
I S 
5 yrs. 
5 yrs. 
5 yrs. 

Paint Mo. 
I Coal 
Washable 
So Chalk 
Staining 
Son 
Yellowing 
2 6 9 o 5 
✓ 

3 M M & 1 
IS 
4 yrs. 
I vrs. 
4 vrs. 

3 2 o o 5 
IS 
I yrs. 
4 yrs. 
4 yrs. 

2 6 o o 5 

I-Coat Exterior 
Latex Flat Paint 

Reg. $ 7 .9 9 
4 9V 

Latex house paint flows on smoothly, dries to a durable flat finish. Iii 7 colors. 

7 7 o o 5 

Interior Latex 
Semi-Gloss Paint 

Keg. S H W 
7 9%a|. 

One-coat, washable, spot-rc* 
Blatant and colorfast. Easy la- tex application and cleanup. 

12-in. Turbo Vents with Flashing 
2 for 6288 for 
Installed per pair on walkable single roof. 

IN U RN VI. 
BH Vt .KO 

2 for 72 88 
KATERS VI. 
BR Vt KO 

Satisfaction Guaranteed or Your Money Back 

Sale price on paints thru Sat., Apr. 23 

Ask about Sears Credit Plans 
Sears 

SEARS. ROEBUCK AND C O 
Where America shops 

Downtown Plaza Store 
Soledad at Navarro 
Mon. and Thurs. 9 :3 o -9 
All other days 9 :3 o -6 

Military Drive Store at Pleasanton Bd. 
Mon. thru Sat. 
9 :3 o -9 

Central Park Store 
San Pedro at Loop 4 1 o 
Mon. thru Sat. 
9:3 o -9 

Installed per pair on one d o n w jlkjldu roof. Ex* ternalh braced lur additional »lreiiglli in clonus and hio|i winds. Durable alum inum construction resists rii-t ami corrosion. N o i s e l e s s hearing* with ’’locked in lubricant tor easier turning ami longer life. 

NEIGHBORHOOD STORES (m ost items and services shown also at Neighborhood stores) 
Valley-Hi 
9 6 2 Bandera Rd. H arry W urebach at 18oo S W W . W hite Rd. 
Universal City 
674-5511 
432-2591 
R ittim an 8 2 6 -9 5 7 8 
3 3 3 -2 9 1 o 
1633 Pat Booker Rd. 
658-7491 

San Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— Sunday April 17 1977,. 
Sears] $1o off Sears 48 
Automotive center 

Maintenance-free battery 
-you never acid water! 

I ears™ - afito& tts se v e n s enrola 
' f 
•;,#«.•*» fto t't Ai**' " 
W 
W 
W 
*f* c b :; ii*: c i r wnf « nm irxt 

H is t; u n l e t t;> ( H i r t » i v « v » I f f * , 
«> « > .% /* H n f t U i ia r t r u b tH H s * I H n # * r t M i w > r m t r u ir u r p a 
A tt- u n M u i / r u * s ' t u i n m n t < i i m r m i H * r * < « w tittto a tti 
'**>ii*v*> v r o it x u M H ••*»«> w n t f v * r u * i i " * n t i * o 

 r t * H H t r \ r a iu u i/ «>rTV*w»i«- U l t ' 
« » < > '« w . t/ijduniiff . 
• 
J 

BSUBaR-HXKCaatMB eUWBEB V. 
\ 

 i : A n i , « u > l n u n h ' l ' i i ' M 
' * u m » i . ta tfS U :: !*>«**/b< v3 f<1 .v»> r i 11**11:5 
MSW'.V ¥llltlM MIi W W * 
* (M.> u u w u iic *•* i i * * 
V *l*tW V U 'U l'll'V l* lite* * I* " l i * i i 4 |t * l * . 
J l U ' M t t f 
I***)*kl*•.«./ V 'i » l t | l « * * " u t 4 4 
. 
, '• i, 
* /. 

***>*** *.»' * ¥ >*• e « n . m u . 'r n K K i 'u ^ a i v tiu u i M iiu iK K 

 n E X C E P T IO N A L mm 
R egular 
*39.99 9o99 with trade-in 

BICYCLE FREAKS ta lk things o v e r in the fro n t office of Proteus, prob ab ly th e w o r ld ’s la rg e s t p ro d u c e r o f h an d -m ad e bicycles 
Bikes by hand isn’t fa st work 

W ASHINGTON POST SERVICE 

WASHINGTON — For a shop said to produce more handmade bicycles than any other North America. 
Proteus Design Inc. in College Park. Md., seemed awfully quiet. 
Half a dozen employes were sitting around talk­ ing, listening to the radio, or .just contemplating some private thing when m anager Barry Renig walked in unannounced with a visitor. They still were sitting when he left. 
“ As factories go, this seems pretty laid back,” the visitor observed. 
Renig nodded. 
“ People here work at their own pace. We want a low-pressure operation because these are craftsm en, not robots. Besides, I d have to be high-pressured to drive them . ! 
Actually, Renig said, Proteus* lfj employes work hard, when and as they feel like it. 
“ It's not like you have to be here at 9 and if you miss a day we’ll cut your finger off. Everybody has a production quota, but how' they meet it is their business.” 
2o a week 

The end result of this happy labor is 2o bicycles a week, more or less, which seems a slender thread from which to hang a worldwide enterprise until you notice the price tags. 
Proteus bicycles start at $295 and can sell for more than $1,ooo, depending upon how fanatic the cyclist is about custom fittings and superlight-superstrong components. 
The six-week waiting list holds orders from South 
America, Australia, Alaska, Asia, and. best of all, 
Europe, where world-class bikes are made. 
Are Proteus bikes that good? 
“ Their quality approaches that of the finest m a­ chines produced anywhere,” said Larry Black, vice president of the National Capital Velo Club. 
“ They have some problem s, but you have to re­ m em ber you’re talking about extrem ely exacting standards. 
“ I would put them in the class of the Schwinn 
Param ount bul a step below Albert Eisentraut and 
Bruce Gordon in California, who are really breaking ground. 
«■■■— «■ 

*1 know 
'People who can't afford 
P ro te u s is onr finished bikes get the lfin k in ? lur- 
J 
* w ard to the fr a m e a n d h a n g cheap new facto ry components (rn it, then re- being built iii place them with q ua lity 
VV est Virgin- 
' 
. 
, ' ia, and I hope parts one by one. it doesn’t re- 
" ' "" suit in a dripoff in quality. Bike building is an art. and there is a point at which production begins to become the point instead of quality. 
Ronig is confident things-won’t get out of hand. 
“ Nothing is going to change except that our people are going lo have a better place to work and better tools, 
“ A craftsm an has to be removed from the lim ita­ tions of inadequate m achinery.” 
Proteus sells bicycle kits to people who are too penurious — or too picky — for a production model. 
A skillful scrounger can build his own for perhaps 
$2oo, accrording to “ The Proteus Fram ebuilding 
Handbook,” by Dr. Paul Proteus, who doesn’t exist. 
“ Ifs a corporate pseudonym for Steve Scbuman, who's our RAD man, plus Larry Dean, myself, and a bunch of other contibutors,” Ronig said. “ There really wasn’t a decent book on the subject, so we wrote one.” 
And published it themselves, when they found out about how the American book world operates. 
Prospective bike builders are advised to read the book before they buy a kit; they may decide to save a w hile longer and buy a finished bike, or start with an assembled tram ($185). 
Aligning, brazing and finished the paper-thin steel-alloy tubes that give a fine bicycle strenth with flexibility is not learned over a weekend. 

Bare frames hot 

“ We sell a lot of bare fram es,” Ronig said. “ Peo­ ple who can’t affort our finished bikes get the fram e and hang cheap components on it, then replace them with quality parts one by one. 
“ It takes a while, but you wind up with a machine as good as any we make, because all our production fram es arc the same, whether they’re low-line or top-line. The people who build them don’t know w hether a certain fram e will sell bare or as the foundation of a $1,ooo bike.” 
The corporation was founded six years ago when 
Renig, Dean and Schuman graduated from the Uni­ versity of M aryland and couldn't find jobs. They had met on cam pus because “ in those days we were the only students on* bikes,” Ronig said, and so they decided to go into distribution of bicycle parts. 
“ There were good parts around, but they were hard to find, so we decided to become the place where you could get the best stufi at fair prices.” 

SLV. 

Save*3 

 oil heavy-duty 

PLUS shocks 

*9.99 

I o - in* pinion — m ore fluid capacity and ride control than standard 
I-in. bore shocks, hits most American - m ade cars, im ports, pickups, vans. I ast. low-cost in ­ stallation av ailable. 

Lim ited warranty on Heavy-duty PLUS shock absorber for as long as you own the vehicle 

 lf Heavy-duty PLUS shock absorber fails while the original purchaser owns the car, it will be replaced upon return, free of charge, or the purchase price will be refunded, lf the defective shock absorber was Installed by Sears, we will install the new shock absorber with no charge for labor lf the defective shock absorber was not installed by Sears, instal­ lation of the replacem ent shock absorber is not included under this warranty 
This warranty does not cover shock absorbers installed on vehicles used for com m ercial purposes 

Save *1o on a pair of Air- ad(’listable shook absorbers 

(99 

 pair 
Regular *49.99 
39 

Add air to handle up to 1,o(H) lbs. of extra weight in rear of car. Sizes available to fit most American-made cars, thru April 27th. 

Save $4 on SteadyR ider shock absorbers 

R egular S 1 2 .9 9 
8 99 

 each 
Adjusts to help give a comfortable ride in any weather. Fits most American-made cars, im­ ports, pickups, vans; thru April 23rd. 

Engine Tune-up 

Most A m erican M ade Cars 

W e ’ll install* points, c o n ­ denser, rotor, FCV valve, air filter, and Cham pion plugs. 
Set timing. Test carburetor, d i s t r i b u t o r , b a t t e r y a n d starting system. Adjust idle. 
Quality road test. Add $8.33 for Vega air filter. 
* Add SI.OO for GM u nisei 

 most 4-evl. 
26u most 6-cyl. 
88 

 most 8-eyl. 
88 

M o ,! made 

Front-End A lignm ent 
IO 88 

R egular 812.93 
A m erican- e a r s 
Flu- 
Part* 

Sears Front End W heel Alignment is available for most American-made ears. 

P rices G ood thru A pril 2 3 rd 

Battery performance characteristics rated for power accord­ ing to Battery Council International standards (Group 24C ) 

C oM -ra n k tn n p o w e r 
R eserv e e a p a ritv 
A m p . h o u r e a p a ritv 
N u m b e r o f p la te s 

41o amps. 
1o7 minutes 
67 
66 

 off oil filter wrench 

For spin-on disposable filters with fluted tops. 
Works with drive socket. 
B. Heavy-duty oil can la p p e r 
Sharp cutter pierces can q u ick ly . Handy spout for Q 
( j ( adding oil easily. 
C. Big plastic oil drain pan 
Durable rouud pan—1414- in. diameter, 4 :,8-in. deep. 
I 29 
6.6 quart capacity. 
-*- 

D. Save 1o% snap-on funnel 
S n ap s on to sta n d a rd 
_ q u a rt oil can for easy 9 Q 
( pouring into engine. 
" 
^ 

$1.33 off Penske dual oil filter Inner filter helps t r a p p a r t i c l e s t h a t 
9 ! outer filter might miss. 
“ 

 cm T in 

E. 

C f i V S h £ 

Quality f*r©«Jv«H 
Dual OIL FILTFB 

Prices Good thru April 23rd except oil filter, thru April 3oth 

Choose this powerful battery with ex­ cellent cold cranking power to help give fast starting anti reserve capacity for accessories. l op or side terminals. 
I* it most American-made ears. 

O ilier Sears 12-volt batteries (niain- tenance-free, you never add w ater) start as low as 1 9.99. . . w ith trade-in 

Ask about Sears D ie lfa rd 1 battery . . . now fo r Volkswagens. M arine use 

S ale p rices sh ow n in effect until \p r il .’{nib u n less o th erw ise in d ica ted 

' 
'■ *■ 
. 
* y ? ' w - • ' V f . c ' 
VALUE X WEEK 

Save 15c quart on 1oW -4o 
Spectrum oil 

 i» 5 o : 

'WI oV»«fl * 

Protect your engine dur­ ing the summer heat with 
Sears Best oil. Excellent protection! 
J 

3,/«"BLIND’5PoT MIRROR 

Blind-spot m irro r fo r trucks, vans 

Regular 81.39 89 * 
Adhesive on back adheres to bi>£ irnek mirrors or visor*. 3‘Vi-ki. diameter. 

Prices Good thru 
\pril 23rd 

5 o f off steering wheel cover 

3 
29 

Sport leather-look poro* therm, f its wheels tip to 
16*4 hi. diam. Colors. 

.‘Mf 
SI 4.99, 15o Psi pump... I I 
The tire that beal the Baja! 

T he tire with the heritage of proven performance! W e’ve matched this same type of tire against some of the toughest roads in the world ... in the Baja. East Africa, Greece and 
Morocco. Its 2 steel belts and 2 radial plies help give respon­ sive handling, excellent traction, outstanding durability. 

Sears Steel 
Belted Hadial a nd old tire 
Sears price whitewall plus 
I .1 .1 . 

1 6 5 - 1 3 . N R 7 8 - 1 3 
1 4 . 5 2 
1 . 8 1 

1 7 . 3 - 1 3 . B R 7 8 - 1 3 
1 7 . 2 2 
1 . 9 9 
1 

1 8 5 - 1 I . E R 7 8 - 1 I 
5 3 . 8 3 
2 . 3 6 

1 9 5 - 1 I . E R 7 8 - 1 I 
5 7 . 1 9 
2 . 5 1 

2 9 5 - 1 J . G R 7 8 - 1 I 
6 2 . o 2 
2 . 6 1 

2 1 5 - 1 I . 11R 7 8 - 1 I 
6 7 . 5 8 
2 . 9 6 
1 

2 o 5 - 1 5 . G R 7 8 - 1 5 
6 5 . 7 o 
2 . 9 1 

2 1 5 - 1 5 . l l R 7 8 - 1 5 
6 9 . 8 1 
3 . 1 I 

2 2 5 - 1 5 . J R 7 8 - 1 5 
7 2 . 8 2 
* 
3 . 2 6 

2 3 5 - 1 5 , E R 7 8 - 1 5 
8 1 . 5 6 
3 . 5 8 
1 

Ask about 
Sears credit plans 
Mounting; and rotation included 

D yneglass 
2 5 belted tires 

\\ ar ran ted for 2 5 .o o 9 m iles! 2 filter glass belts plus 2 polyester cord plies work together to help give stability, trac­ tio n and lo n g trea d m ileage. TH series. 

Sear** Us nubias** 
B elt e,I 25 a n d o b i t i r e 

Sears p r ic e w liite w a ll 

Sale p ric e 
W hitewall 

|* l U h 
I- •••feral t-.veine T a ' 

N T H -18 
88.IM) 
2 9 . 7 o 
1 .7 4 

B T A - I 8 
85.(K l 
3 1 .7>o 
1 .8 o 

E T H - I t 
8 6 . (MI 
3 2 . B l 
2 . 2 6 

E T H - I t 
UMM! 
3 6 . o o 
2 . 1 2 

G 7 H - 1 1 t2.INI 
3 7 . 8 o 
2 . 5 8 

G I A - 1 3 
18. IM) 
3 8 . 7 o 
2 . 6 5 

H J A - 15 if*.(Kl 
1 1 . IO 
2 . 8 8 

E T H - l a 
56.(MI 
4 5 . o o 
8 . 1 2 

Small car radials 

1o.ooo m ile w a rra n ty . 

2 steel belts plus radial 

 design for responsive 

 h a n d lin g . 
In sizes lot- 

 m o st com pact an d sub­ 

 com pact eats. 
S po rty 

 lo o k in g design. 

Steel Belted 
Sport Radial and old Tire 
Sears price blackwall plus 
P K T . 

5 . 6 o - 1 3 
3 6 . o 6 
1 . 4 6 

6 . o o - 1 3 
I O . o 7 
1 . 5 8 

6 . 9 5 - I I 
1 5 . 2 3 
2 . o o 

6 . o o - 1 5 
1 3 . 3 9 
1 . 7 8 

P rices G ood thru \p r il 3 o th 

Sears Where America shops 

D o w n to w n P la z a M o re 

S o le d a d al N a 'a r n * 

V u lo m o liw 2 2 8 - 1 8 2 8 
Tin*', 2 2 8 - > 
Mon. and I hun. 7:5o -9 
J cs.. Vied.. fr i.. Sal. 7:8o-6 

W illiam D r. s to r e 
C e n tra l P a r t M o re 
I ru ck l ir e 

 al P le a s a n to n Mil. 
S a n P e d ro a t l o o p I IO 
I e n te r 

V u to n io ii'e 2 2 8 - 5 o 2 8 
'ii i n n io t i'c 2 2 8 -.> 1 2 8 
I t l l V H a c k b e rry 

T ire* 2 2 8 - 5 o 9 ,» lire * 2 2 8 -*>C G 
2 2 8 - P i* .I 

M on. th ru S a l. 
'Io n . th ru S at. 
M on. th ru Sat. 

8 - o 
8 - o 
7 :8 o - 5 :8 o 

SLAMS, KOfcBIM K ANI) CO. 

Satisfaction Guaranteed or Your Money Back 

N E I G H B O R H O O D S T O K E S ( ino*l item * a u d serv ic e* sh o w n a ls o u t N etghborho«> d s to re s ) 

V alley-H i 
9 6 2 Handera Rd. 
I KHO V\X VG White Rd. 
I nit m a l < iiv 
6 7 4 -5 5 1 1 
4 3 2 -2 3 9 1 
3 3 3 -2 9 1 o 
1633 Pat Booker Rd. 
6 5 8 -7 4 9 1 

San Antonio EXPRESS-NIWS-r-Sundoy April 17 I 97 7 

“ i f T i n i i' " " 

BBSffJSSSF! 

San Antonio EXPRESS-NEW S— Sunday April 17 1977 
Night In Old San Antonio 
Tastes o f history waiting at NIOSA 

MOSA Tickets 

Discount tickets for Night in Old San Antonio are now on sale at 
$‘2.5o for adults and 5o cents for children aged 12 and under. 
Tickets can be purchased at all Handy Andy and HEB stores and at El 
Tropicano Hotel, Gunter Hotel, TraveLodge at Courthouse Square, La Man­ sion Hotel and Hilton Palacio del Rio. 
Starting Tuesday, April 19, through Friday, April 22, gates to Night in Old 
San Antonio will be open from 5:3o to IO p.m. each night. 
SAC celebrates Fiesta 

Exquisite Jewelry for those who understand the difference. 

During Fiesta San An­ tonio College will observe 
Fiesta San Antonio his­ tory with a day-long celebration Wednesday from 9 a.m. to 2 p.m. in 
Loftin Student Center. 
In Hie F iesta Room there will be educational displays and film p re­ sentations on Hie various ethnic c u ltu re s which make up Texas history, provided by the Institute of Texan Cultures. 

These will include a motion picture. “ Meet the Black Texans,” nar­ rated by U.S. Rep. Bar­ bara Jordan of Houston. 

Also in the F iesta 
Room, a detailed model of San Antonio Missions, which was designed and constructed by the archi­ tecture department, will be on display. 
Irt addition to these ex­ hibits. the following spe- 

FIESTA SPECIAL 

ONE WEEK ONLY 
REG. $22 

99 
SAVE 4.99 

 cml program s will be presented in El Alamo 
Room: 

1o a.m. — Rita Everett, guest lecturer from the 
Institute of Texan Cul- 
•tures, will speak on “ The 
Contribution of Ethnic 
Groups to San Antonio 
Culture.” 

11 a m . 
— 
Rocky 
Stallings, “ Indian curan- dero” (medicine man) from the institute, will speak on the contribu­ tions of Indian culture to this area. 

12 Noon — San Antonio 
College Folkdancers and 
M ariachis will give a special performance. 

2 p.m. — Movie, “ Last 
C o m m and ,” with 
Sterling Hayden (about the Alamo) will be shown in the Coffee House. 

These are official events of the Fiesta San 
Antonio Commission. All activities are free and open to the public. 

Night in Old San An­ tonio is more than just another Fiesta event. It is the opportunity of eat­ ing your way through the ethnic history of the Ala­ mo City. 
The four-night affair offers the gourmand the opportunity to gaily gal­ livant through the gas­ tronomic delights of San 
Antonio’s past and pre­ sent. 
The epicurean histori­ cal delight unfolds from 
5:3o to 1o:3o p.m. Tues­ day, Wednesday, Thurs­ day and Friday nights in the two-block-long La 
Villita. 

Lots of fun 
More than 2,5oo volun­ teers will be on hand each night to sell food and drink, man booths of games and serve in many capacities of the great people event. 
Night in Old San An­ tonio began 35 years ago os a one-night festival by the 5o-year-old San An­ tonio Conservation Socie­ ty and has undergone m any changes and names. 
The annual event not only preserves the city’s kitchen heritage, but it also provides the society with funds to acquire, m aintain and restore historic properties. 
The society received more than $2oo,ooo from the event last year. 
Mrs. William B. P a r­ rish is the general chair­ man for Night in Old San 
Antonio this year. Vice chairmen are Mrs. Her­ man 
Ja n sse n , 
Mrs. 
Sterling Smith and Mrs. 
Milton Zaiontz. 
Area ch airm en are 
Mrs. Jack Peterson, Mrs. 
E.S. K elley, Mrs. Joe 
A nderson, Mrs. Ralph 
Bowden, 
Mrs. 
ILC. 
Reischling, Mr. and Mrs. 
Ken Watson, Mrs. J.D. 
McCaskill, Mrs. George 
Allen, 
M rs. 
F a lk n e r 
H eard, 
Mrs. 
George 
Keesee, Mrs. Zaiontz, 
Mrs. Smith. Mrs. James 
Dahlman, Mrs. Hugo El- m endorf Sr. and Ann 

Neely. 
There are 13 general areas of the festival from which tons of food and drink will be dispensed. 
Last year, more than 
1.ooo kegs of beer were served and m ore than 
12.ooo pounds of anticu- clios. 

Also served last year during the four nights were m ore than 5o.ooo tortillas. 6o cases of Ja- lapeno peppers, 13,5oo ranch steaks, 15,ooo ears of corn on sticks, 14,6oo slices of pizza, 3,8oo es- cargote and 12.3oo hor­ seshoe sausages. 
There is more to Night in Old San Antonio, how­ ever, than just eating. 
There is also continuous entertainment. 
The Alamo City Jazz 
Band will take up ifs stand in Ju a re z Plaza while Conjunto Aguilar and AJber Green and his 
Polish 
Band will be working the Internation­ al Walkway. 
S au erk rau t Bend, in the basement of Villita 
Assembly Building, will feature Chris S ta r k ’s 
G erm an Band and Ira 
Morton’s lfl-pieee band. 
The Krakowiak Polish 
Dancers will be there al­ so. 
Pete and the A rtistes will furnish music on the 
Midway. The Blue Riders 

 and Shirley Jackson will provide entertainment in 
Frontier Town. 
The Sonora E strella 
Band, mariachi Manuel 
Vega and singer Rosita 
Fernandez will be locat­ ed in the Mexican M ar­ ket. 
El Curro and Los Fla­ mencos will be perform­ ing in Juarez Plaza while 
Jack 
Brown and bagpipers and 
Judy 
Dahlias and belly dancers are performing on the 
Intern atio nal 
Walkway. 
Carol Adams will be in the French Quarter with her accordian, Don Gal­ van and his banjo and piano will be at the 
Plantation and Alex Rojo and his accordian will be at La Casita. 
Overlin 
M eier and strolling mariachis, gun slingers and the bird in the gilded cage will be in the top part of Villita As­ sembly Building. 
That is the look of the 
1977 version of Night in 
Old 
San 
Antonio as staged by the San Anton­ io Conservation Society. 
And that is a far cry from the society’s start in March 
1924 when 
Emily Edwards and her friends convinced city aldermen to not pave over the San Antonio 
River for storm d ra in ­ age. 

SELL 
BT 
NOW 

And it'* easy! Just call us today and we'll put your low-cost ad in print. 

For extra cash, sell that outdoor furniture . .. now! 
Call 225-1666 

IflftB UNIFORMS 
BUDGET STORE 

Specializing in FIRST QUALITY 
MARK-DOWNS I X 
CLOSEOUTS f l 111 
FACTORY J TV 
OVERRUNS L A 

 fk’OM AMERICA s I ARG! ST CHAIN O f UKHFgjtM SRCffS ■ 
; ; ’;'v 

Nam es You Have Heard O f . 
BARCO • WHITE SWAN • AND MORE 
■*»* * 
• v 
_ **•,; ’• , y'%' 
AT SUPER LOW PRICES 
SAVE 5o% & MORE 

THIS WEEK’S SPECIALS 

PANTSUITS orig.$14411 ‘9.88 

UNIFORMS HMIN *5.88 

MEN’S TOPS cg«. ‘1o.88 

DUTY SHOESc...,, ‘4.88 

; 
2o6 BROADWAY * DOW NTOW N / 
:>j 
CALL 226-2911 ♦ SHOP DAILY 9:3o TO 5:3o 

Use BankA mer Icard or Master 
UNPAINTE 

Slip into som ething com fortable 

Absolutely brimming with the good feeling that comes from great com fort... that s Grande’. The softest walker this side of a cloud. Tailored on a low h eel... ready for summer on the casual side. 

Smooth leather. Bone • White • Navy • Red & black patent leather. 

RED CROSS 

AAA 
AA 
A 
B 
C 

7-1o 
7-1 I 
672-1o 
4-1 I 
572-1o 
SHOE HOUSE 

• McCreless Plaza (Big M ) • Jefferson 

Village • McCreless Village • South Park 

Mal! • Universal City • Windsor Park a ar 

DOWNTOWN AND NORTH STAR 

FIESTA 
MEANS 
SPRING 
IS HERE! 

PLANT STANDS 
PERK UP 
YOUR PORCH 
AND 
PATIO NOW! 

MUSIC CENTER 
365o 

HARDW OOD 
4 4 5 o A C K E R S 

DEACON'S 
BENCH 

142 S.W. MILITARY • 924-5171 •• 6842 SAN PEDRO • 824-7249 ijjviniivm) suMit Moon niiu 

Give Mom our Ring of Life® 

For a Mother or a Grandmother, each Ring of Life’1 holds a jeweled memory for every loved one in her family. 
Mother's Day is May 8. 

 a Wing of Ufa*. Holds up to 8 stones in IO karat gold. Mounting only. $32.5o. 
Made while you wait with synthetic stones, $2-95 each. 
Custom-made* with genuine stones. Each genuine stone. $4.95. 
Custom-made* with diamonds. Each diamond. $9.95. 

 b Marquis® Wing of Ufo*. Custom-made*. Holds up to 7 synthetic marqulse-shape stones in 1o karat gold. With 1 synthetic stone, $69 95. 
Each additional synthetic stone. $2.5o. 
Not available with genuine stones. 
Most custom-made* Ring of Ufo* designs available with genuine birthstones. 

Open a Zales account or use one of five national credit plans 

Zales Revolving Charge • Zales Custom Charge • BankAmencard 
Master Charge* American Express* Diners C lub* Carte Blanche* Layaway 

• 4 o o 1 . HOUSTON 
B B W 
A f t 
U i 4 E f l 
• NORTH STAR MALL 
• 1 1 6 1. HOUSTON 
J BL f t 
• PERRIN PLAZA 
S h o p M t b v w H i 
J B L - J O 
* 
U r n p Ljp « £ £ • UNIVERSAL CITY 
■ ■ ■ ■ i un 
■ ii in 
. W A L N U T S Q U A R E 
• W in d s o r p a r k 
[ 
Diamond Store 

P a rk Free w ith Purchase D o w ntow n 
•Custom made orders must be placed by April 28. 1977 to insure Mother s Day delivery. 
Illustrations enlarged 
______ _________ 

Festivities 

JUIETA CENTENO MOKE 
. . . Miss Charro 

San Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— Sunday April 17 1977 
Page * 3*K b lo sso m wit I? R iv er C it} sp rin g 
Fiesta vcvlcotnrs 
Charro group 

The Confederation of Charros of San Antonio will celebrate its first Fiesta Charra dance at 7:3o p.m . Saturday, April IB at the 
Convention Center Arena. 
The Confederation of Charros is a new participating mem ber of Fiesta 
San Antonio 1977, and was formed to coordinate the activities of the five local charro associations and to elect 
Miss Charro. 

Charro queen 

Miss Charro this year is 18-year-old 
J u ie ta Centeno Moke, an Alamo 
Heights High School graduate Her of­ ficial coronation will take place dur­ ing Saturday evening ceremonies at. the Arena. 

Local and visiting charm queens also will bt* presented at Fiesta Charra and they will promenade as is the tradition in Mexico charro festivals. 
The music for the promenade will he played by M emorial High School’s 
Si age Band under the direction of 
.Jimmie Ramirez. 

Charro skills 

Jerado Diaz, local charro, will per­ form the artistry of fancy and trick roping to the music of San Antonio 
College’s Mariachi group under the direction of Isabel San Miguel. 
Also entertaining will he the Guada- lupana Mexican folkloric dancers in their regional costumes. The dancers are daughters of members of the Her- radura de Plata Charro Assn. 

She will represent the charro asso­ ciations during Fiesta and as required for social, civic, and other local acti­ vities, Maximo Virgil, president, said. 

Miss Charro 1977 will be officially crowned by King Antonio LV, assisted by Cindy Sisk, the outgoing Miss 
Charro 1976. 

Dance m usic will continue until midnight. 

Admission to Fiesta Charra is free, but guests must present a ticket to be admitted. 

Free tickets may be obtained at the 
Mexican Chamber of Commerce and 
Fiesta Commission offices. 
Traditions join in gala 

Fiesta was born at a San Antonio town m eeting in 1891. 
And the tradition of citywide participation con­ tinues to grow with more and more groups becoming involved in the annual Spring festival. 
The Battle of Flowers parade was one of the first events, staged for visiting President Benjamin Har­ rison, the first U.S. chief executive to visit the 
Alamo City. 
And the Grand Charro Fiesta is the newest — it will be held for the first time this year, sponsored by the San Antonio Charro Assn. 
Other recent additions to the Fiesta menu are the 
King William Fair, the Israeli Festival and the 
Oyster Bake sponsored by the St. Mary’s University 
Alumni Assn. 
The original success of the Battle of Flowers P ar­ ade — even though it was postponed by rain — inspired San Antonians to make the Fiesta an annual event. 

The first inspiration 

In the early years, revellers turned to the memory of the Battle of San Jacinto for inspiration. 
And the Fiesta started growing. 
In 1896, the first King and Queen of Fiesta were crowned to preside over the form al ball which followed the Battle of Flowers Parade. 
F iesta’s 19o4 edition featured more dances, an­ other parade and coronation ceremonies at the Ala­ mo. 
Kings of Fiesta in the early years were chosen for contributions to the Chamber of Commerce to help defray expenses for the celebration. 
The Order of the Alamo was organized in 19o9 to select the queen each year. 
The Order still chooses the queen and presents her in a pagent known for its pomp and glitter. 
In 1926, the Texas Cavaliers were organized. The group dedicated itself to honoring the heroes of the 
Alamo. 
The the group named Sterling Clinton Burke as 
King Antonio IX in 1927. The group still brings the 
King to the celebration. 
The kings have added many stories and traditions to Fiesta through the years. 

Suit of armor 

King Antonio X, Frank T. Drought, wore a heavy suit of armor and rode a magnificent black horse through the streets of San Antonio. 
Jack Baretta, who succeeded Drought, began the custom of the king visiting children’s homes in the city. 
This year the king will continue and he will face a hectic schedule of visiting San Antonio schools and visiting with the children. 
The 1977 edition of Fiesta will stretch over IO days, feature three parades, countless other celebrations such as band concerts and the popular Night in San 
Antonio. 
The events are now coordinated by the Fiesta San 
Antonio Commission. 
The ties to the battle in San Jacinto remain with the Festival San Jacinto Assn., sponsoring organi­ zation for the dramatic Fiesta Flambeau. 
The parade is called the greatest night parade in 
America. 
And the Fiesta has not forgotten its heritage as an honor for the heroes of Texas’ war for independence. 
Among the more poignant events is the annual pilgrimage to the Alamo. 
Fiesta is one of the city assets which makes San 
Antonio truly one of America's four unique cities. 
Fiesta head likes job 

Davis Burnett Jr., exe­ cutive vice president of the Fiesta Commission, says he has the best job in San Antonio. 
And conducting a band of 5o,ooo volunteers who, in turn, direct 127 events during IO days of Fiesta is quite a job. 
The F ie sta C om m is­ sion, a nonprofit private organization created to coordinate Fiesta events, had its unostentatious beginning in 1959. 
In its first year, the 
Fiesta Commission was charged with arranging the activities of 12 or­ ganizations which p re­ sented 12 events during a five-day period. 
Today, Burnett says, the commission serves as overseer for the Battle of 
Flowers Assn., the San 
Antonio Conservation So­ ciety, Texas Cavaliers, 
Army. 

BURNETT 

Order of the Alamo and the Festival San Jacinto among others. 
B urnett joined the ranks of the commission after he retired from the 
U.S. Army at Ft. Sam 
Houston. 
At Ft. Sam, Burnett served as Fiesta project officer for the 4th U.S. 

THEY’RE N EW ...ALL 
TUEY’ RE JUST FOR YOU FROM REVLON 

Sears 
Where America shops 

SEARS. ROEBUCK AND CO. 

Satisfaction Guaranteed or Your Money Back 

Downtown Plaza Sloi 
Soledad at Navarro 
Mon. and Thurs. 9:3o 
All other days 9:3o-i 

Military Drive Store 
Central Park Store at Pleasanton Road 
San Pedro al Loop 4 1 o 
Mon. thru Sat. 
Mon. thru Sat. 
9:3 o -9 
9:3o-9 

Inspired by the most important fashion color trends, four exciting 
RevlonColor makeup schemes designed to make you look your greatest... starting right now. 

Partial to dressing in cool neutral tones? Try... 

THE TENDER TAWNIES 

A luscious peachy glow that’s warm and provocative. 

Mad for hot bright fashion colors? 
Discover... 

THE BRONZED BROWNS 

Beautifully burnished browns, all softness and light. 

In love with pale pretty clothes? 
For you... 

THE ROMANTIC PASTELS 

Roses, violets, juicy plums, tender and subtly sensational. 

Happiest in Classic Americana denims? Go with... 

THE QUIET BRIGHTS 

Rich earth reds, muted blues... exciting and very pretty. 

Y ou’ll f in d your Great Look with these great Revlon Products 

Touch S i Glow Moisturizing Liquid Makeup 
88% moisturizers and 12% color and cover (including 2% fragrance and formula protectors) 
JL' to «5 * 

Super Rich and Super Frost Eye Shadow 
_ 
Rich in protein for super-long wear 
I to 
I * 
Soft Lustre Blush-On 
„ 
Creamed powder with unique blender sponge to 4* 

Super Frost Lipsticks 
F'ormulas that moisturize as they color 
JU to 

Color-up Stick for Lips and Eyes 
Give your mouth and eyes the perfect fashion outline 

Super Lustrous Creme and Super Crystaline Nail Enamels 
^ 
They go on like silk, wear like crazy, shine on and on 
I ° 

 vSV IN I ^ 
^ cm taint 
4r«p*« gutting uj*i*>l*i#(j ttooi» ct-pat 

- • A f * f»OWffi CONTROL 
► 

Singer introduces vacuum cleaners that know the difference between carpets and curtains. 

Poqe 
4 K 
Son Antonio E X P R E SS -N E W S— -Sunday April 17 1 9 7 7 
FIESTA SCHEDULE 

" C H A R G E . . .the convenient way to buy" 
— 
- "I, 
■— ■■■• 
■ — ■MHI 
■■■■■■■ 

We Accept: BankAm ericard• Diners Club • Shoppers Charge 
• Master Charge* Carte Blanche • American Express 
Gordon/ 
JEWELERS 

8 G R E A T S T O R E S IN T H E S A N A N T O N IO A R E A : 5o1 
East Houston, D ow ntow n • Las Palmas Shopping Center 
• Plaza Terrell Shopping Center • 8 4 2 S.W. M ilitary Drive 
• Northwest Shopping Center • McCreless Shopping City 
• Central Park Mall • W indsor Park Mall • Shop G o rd o n 's 
Coast to Coast. 
4 - 3 * o 6 - 1 2 

 r b I S E S * 
S a v e t h i s l i s t i n g 

1:3o o m . — 82nd A N N U A L B A T T L E O F 
F L O W E R S P A R A D E 

o:oo D m. - F I E S T A G A R D E N C O N C E R T 
— Beethoven Hom e 

*15 
L A M 
P S 
* h p 
P A R S O 
N 
O 

 i l o c k l a i l H 
I O 
T a b l e t s 
If m m m m 
H o w r a w w e d a l l ? M e l l o n a l d ii I s t h e H e a r a n « « d e n i e r f a r o n e o f 
. t m e r i e a 'N l a r g e s t ' 
! f u r n i t u r e l e n d i n g * e o m p a n i e * . 
" T H E I R E S T I T 
E l R K T K O 
I H e O O S A L R ’K 
I A S K E E L I T 

. f r y 1* 
„ 

CHAIR 
*33 

I t I H I A W K R ll HEMKE RS 
*55 
T O W M IZ E 
BEDDING 
MET 
*33 
: i - p t . 
DINETTES 
*33 
I I K l l ) 
BOARDS 
*1o 
M IBBO RS 
* io 
SOFAS *55 r, re. 
| 
DINETTES 
*6o 
4 BRAW ER 
CHEST 
*44 

•A Trademark of THE SINGER CO M P A N Y 
Prices optional at parttcipatingdealers 

S a le lim it e d to o n e w e e k o n ly . 

N o t a v a ila b le a t a ll s t o r e s 

Big time 

For many fiesta aficionados the big event of Night in O ld San Antonio, or N IO S A as ifs commonly known. The crowds are great, as a photo from last year shows, but so is the food. And music And Hilarity. 

Right n o w w e ’re offering introductory prices o n tw o new v a c u u m c le a n e rs with a revolutionary air pow er control p anel that lets you instantly adjust to the sp e cific dirt problem you w ant to solve. 
Th e G o ld e n G li d e * at $154 is a practically c o m p le te h o m e cle a n in g s y s t e m with a revolving p o w e rh e a d b rush for deep d o w n carpet cleaning. 
A n d the Silver G li d e * for just $88 is perfect for un carpeted floors a n d above- the-floor c le a n in g jobs. Both m o d e ls are built w ith a powerful tw o -sta ge deluxe ca n iste r m otor (3.3 peak ho rsep ow e r) a n d a p o p up full b a g indicator. 
S o c o m e to S in g e r right n o w a n d m a ke a c le a n s w e e p on the best v a c u u m c le a n e rs ever. c-17 

Special 
Introductory 
Price s154 

SINGER 
SLUING CC*U«S A \D PAK tic IDA TfNu APPRO VLO QE4l£ffS 

Special 
Introductory 
Price 

Unique gifts for a special person! 

 a. Mother's Remembrance ring now $19.95, regularly 
$29.95. Additional stones - $3.5o each. b. Mother's pendant, with 14k gold setting and chain, $99. Addi­ tional stones - $ 7.5 o each. Both contain spaces for 
1-7 stones. 

•indicates no admission charge 

• F I E S T A C A R N I V A L 
F r id a y s & S a tu r­ d a y s : 
N o o n to 2 a . rn ; 
M onday through Th ursd a y 
& 
S u n d a y s : 
N o o n to midnight — M a rk e t Square area 
• F IE S T A - N O C H E S M E X I C A N A S 
-Car nival Area 
•B IN G O — Carnival area 
F I E S T A E X H I B I T 
— Witte M e m o ria l 
M u se um — M o n d a y through 
Friday, 9 a.m. to 5 p.m.; 
S a t u rd a y s & S u n d a y s , IO a.m. to 6 p.m. San Antonio 
M u se um of Transportation, daily IO a m. to 6 p.m. 
•47th 
A R T I S T S ” 
E X H I B I T I O N 
— B e g i n n i n g A p r i l 17 — 
M c N a v Art Institute Tues-, d a y t h ro u g h S a t u r d a y , 9 a m. to 5 p.m.; Sundays, 2 p.m. to 5 p.m. 
Frid a y 
A p r il I 5 

•A ll DOV — 15th A N N U A L 
F I E S T A 
M E M O R I A L T O E P P E R - 
W E I N SH O O T 
— San A n ­ tonio Gun Club (continues through Sunday) 

Saturday 
A p ril 11» 

•AU d ay — F I E S T A I N T E R N A T I O N A L 
C O L L E G E R I F L E C H A M ­ 
P I O N S H I P S 
— St. M a r y ’s 
University 
(Continues 
Sunday) 
•8:oo a m. — F I E S T A S A N A N T O N I O 
O R I E N T E E R I N G M E E T 
— Cam p Bullis 
•1:oo p.m. — F I E S T A O Y S T E R B A K E — 
St. M a r y 's University 
•7:3o p.m. — C O R O N A T I O N O F K I N G 
A N T O N IO L V 
— A lam o 

•7:3o p m . 
— 
F I E S T A 
O H A R R A 
— Convention Center Arena 
(free but ticket controlled) 
Sunday 
A pril I 7 

•9:oo a m. — S P E C I A L O L Y M P I C S 
— Alam o Stadium 
•1o:oo — P E A R L F I E S T A G R A N D E 
B I B C Y C L E R A C E 
•4:45 p.m. — B A N D C O N C E R T & F O R ­ 
M A L R E T R E A T R E V I E W 
— Quadrangle, Fort Sam 
Houston 
• S U N D O W N — F I R E W O R K S 
— A rthur 
M a cA rth u r Field, Fort Sam 
Houston 
M onday 
April iii 

•1o:oo P.m. — K E L L Y A IR F O R C E B A S E 
T O U R S 
( C o n t i n u e s through Friday) 
*4:oo p.m. — 51st A N N U A L P I L G R I M A G E 
TO T H E A L A M O — Alam o 
Plaza 
6:oo p. m. — L A S E M A N A A L E G R E 
— 
H e m is F a ir Pla za (C on tin­ ues through Frid ay) 
7:3o p.m. — F I E S T A R I V E R P A R A D E 
T ll <• sd B V 
April 111 

•1o:oo p m. — A R T S H O W on A la m o 
Plaza and the River Walk. 
(Continues through 
Thursday) 
I OO P.m. — F A S H IO N & F L O W E R SH O W 
— McAllister Auditorium 
5:3o p m . 
“A N IG H T IN O L D S A N 
A N T O N I O ” 
— La Villita. 
(Continues through Frid ay) 

BATTU Of FLOWERS ASSOCIATION TICKET INFORMATION 
BATTLE OF FLOWERS BAND FESTIVAL 
AND BATTLE OF FLOWERS PARADE 
TWO Of THE OUTSTANDING EVENTS OF FIESTA WEEK]!!! 
4oth ANNUAL BAND F E S T I V A L 8 ? r » d ANNUAL PARADE 
“ JA ZZ JUBILEE” 
"WORLD OF FANTASY" 
THURSDAY, APRIL 21st 
FRIDAY, APRIL 22nd 
Program...................7:oo P.M. 
Vanguard Drill Teams . 1215 PM 
T IC K E T S 
Porade. ................. 1:25 P.M. 
Box Soots......................$2.5o 
R E S E R V E D S E A T S 
P r e s s a n d O b s e r v a t io n 
Alamo G*andstands 
$4.5o 
Deck............................$2 5o 
Cenotaph Chairs .. $3.25-$4.oo 
Reserved Seats.............. $2.oo 
Pork Bleachers.... $3.oo-$3.5o 
General A d m issio n 
$1.5o 
Menger Bleachers 
$3.oo 
Students.......................$ .75 
Post Office Bleachers.... $2.5o 
Children under 6 .............. Free 
Broadway Bleachers 
$2.5o 
A L A M O S T A D IU M 
______________ __ 
TICKETS ON SALE IN THE MUNICIPAL AUDITORIUM... 
APRIL I I THRU APRIL 21 
MONDAY THROUGH FRIDAY, 1o:oo A M to 3:oo P.M. 
SATURDAY, APRIL 16, 1o:oo A M. to 1:oo P.M. 
LAST DAY: 
B A N D FESTIVAL 
THURSDAY, APRIL 21 
1o oo A M TO LOO 
AFTER 6 oo P M AT ALAMO STADIUM 
LAST DAY: 
P A R A D E 
FRIDAY, APRIL 22 
TICKETS GO OW SALE AT THE MENGER HOTEL ENTRANCE AT 11:oo A.M. 

T E L E P H O N E 2 2 5 - 4 2 1 9 F O R T IC K E T O R O e & T T w e ~ 
INFORMATION 

•6:3op.m. — A R M Y B A N D C O N C E R T — at the T h e a t e r tor the P e r ­ forming Arts 
•8:oo P.m. — T H E C H O R D S M E N 
- 
Concert at the Alam o 
•9:oo p.m. M A R I A C H I F E S T I V A L — San 
Antonio River. (Continues through Friday) 
W ednesday 
April 2o' 

•9:oo a.rn. — A F I E S T A O F S A N A N ­ 
T O N I O H I S T O R Y 
- S a n 
Antonio College 
•9:3o a m . — L A C K L A N D A I R F O R C E 
B A S E 
R E V I E W 
O F 
T R O O P S 
4:oo p m . — G E R M A N G A R D E N F E S ­ 
T I V A L 
— 
B e e t h o v e n 
Home. 
(Continues 
Thursday) 
8:oo p.m. — C O R O N A T I O N O F T H E 
Q U E E N O F T H E O R D E R 
O F T H E A L A M O 
— M u n ­ icipal Auditorium 
Thursday 
April 21 

•1o:oo a.m. — C R A F T SH O W & SALfc 
— 
S o u th w e st C ra ft C en ter. 
(Continues through 
Sunday) 
*12:oo noon — “M A R I N E S O N P A R A D E ” 
— Alam o Plaza 
7:oo p.m. — B A N D F E S T I V A L 
— Alam o 
Stadium 
Friday 
April 22 

7:oo p m. — S Q U A R E A N D R O U N D 
D A N C E 
F E S T I V A L 
— 
Municipal Auditorium 
8.oo p.m. — F E S T B A L L 
— Beethoven 
Home 
Saturday 
A p ril 23 

•All D a y — F I E S T A I N T E R N A T I O N A L 
C O L L E G E R I F L E C H A M ­ 
P I O N S H I P S — St. M a r y ’s 
University. 
(Continues 
Sunday) 

•8:oo a.m . 
— 
L O N E 
S T A R 
I N V I T A T I O N A L 
D R I L L 
M E E T 
— Stevens Field, 
Trinity University 

•8:oo a rn. — F I E S T A S T A G E B A N D 
F E S T I V A L 
— B u r b a n k 
High School 
*9:oo a m. — F I E S T A S A N A N T O N I O 
M IS S IO N R U N 
— M ission 
County P a rk Road 
H OO a m . — K IN G W I L L I A M F A I R 
— 
King William P a rk Area 
I OO p.m. — F I E S T A I N V I T A T I O N A L 
L A C R O S S E 
T O U R ­ 
N A M E N T 
— 
L e o n a r d 
W oo d 
F ie ld , 
F o r t 
S a m 
Houston. 
(Continues 
Sunday) 
5:oo p.m. — A Q U A T IC E X T R A V A G A N Z A 
1977 
— H e m isF a ir Lake 
Pavilion 
7:45 p.m. — F I E S T A F L A M B E A U — 
A m erica ’s 
Greatest night 
Parade 
Sunday 
April 2*4 

9:oo a m. — W R I T E R S F I E S T A — Gunter 
Hotel. 
(Continues through 
Sunday) 

11:oo a.m. — I S R A E L I F E S T I V A L 
— 
Agudas Achim Synagogue 
•3:oo p.m. — C H A R R E A D A ( M E X I C A N 
R O D E O ) 
— S a n A n to n io 
Charro Ranch 

Fiesta f u n 

There’s an almost endless variety of things to see and do in Fiesta celebrations. Last year Teresa Alcoces, above, obviously had a good time cheering on Fiesta Flambeau Parade. But 22-month-old 
Marie Becerra, right, was more enchanted by Fiesta Carnival even though she was too young to do much more than watch with big round eyes. 

MOTHER'S 
REMEMBRANCE 
RING AND 
PENDANT 

AAATIRE-WHEEL-EXHAUSTCENTERS 

 d 
FIESTA SPECIALS 
“PREMIUM POLY BELTED TIRES” 
M 

. v 
\ , . r - 
I 
T 
-J 
? • ' 

■rn" I 

MASTERCHARGE • BANK AM I RICARD 
AMERICAN EXPRESS — INSTANT CREDIT 

V.I. 
*. . ’ * 

■ - v 

F78X14 
' ' jCONCOR 

. a i l , . . $1 

 a..'.' 

CO N CO RD r # O A i t 
O A n / O A l ; > S l A T A A DESERTER 
G78X14 9 7 .9 o 1 7 8 X 1 s i o 7 . V O 
G78X15>•■■■ 
’V *+ f.e.t.: \ 
’ 
. ■ on|y 53 -■ 

. r*' V * ' 7o 
6o 
SO 
A7oX13 *»••••• 
27.2o 
B6oX13 
. . . . A . 28.97 
B5oX13 ........... 
31.89 

F7oX14. 
31.49 
•• F6oX14. . . . . . . . 33.27 c 
G5oX14 ........... 
39.59 

G7oX14 
33.97 
G6oX14 
36.57 
M5oX14 ........... 
45.89 

H7oX14 
35.97 
L6oX14. ........... 41.77 
E5oX1S . ........... 
36.59 

G 7oX15 
35.57 
F6oX15. ........... 35.9o 
G5oX15 ......... 
39.49 

H7oX15 
36.97 
G6oX15 . . . . A A 37.19 
. > L5oX15 ............. 
45.79 

>v,> 
L6oX15. 
43.69 
" 
■ 

ANSEN STYLE 
«: 
• 
MAGS- 
' 

. . ; 2 q ; s 9 
14” . . . . . . . 22.89 
? T S ” . . .;. 
. 24.89 
“UNCONDITIONAL 
GUARANTEE'1 

JACKMAN STYLE 
WHITE SPOKE 
14X7 .. . . y . . 23.89 
15X7 ...........23.89 
1 5 X 8 ------------ 24.89 
1 5 X 1 o . . . . . 28.89 
16.5X825 . . . 37.9o 
AGAINST BREAKAGE 
1 6 .5 X 9 7 5 . . . 41.9o 

DUAL EXHAUSTS 
M O S! V IR K U S 

S 3 
7 
9 5 
SIDEPIPES I Z O O M IE S I HEADERS 
*48 
9 o 
I 
6 9 
9 o 
57 
9 o 

OPEN EASTER FRIDAY & SATURDAY 
9 A.M.— 6 P.M. 

B i e n v e n i d o s A m i g o s — - ‘‘S e H a b l a E s p a n o l ” 

: 16o2 S.W. MILITARY DR 

54o5 BROADW AY 

1849 FREDERICKSBURG 

5o9 EL PASO 

A T A U S T I N 
M W Y ] 

AT 
D O N A L D S O N 

924-7321 

828-6181 

732-6118 

828-32o9 
A 

Queen others 

Cophra Ann W il­ son, 1977 Queen of 
Soul, has one goal during her reign — 
“to get other young ladies in my peer group to express them selves and be confident in th em ­ selves,” 
“ I want to tell them to speak out if they have something intelligent to s a y ,” the 21-year-old beauty said. 
‘‘And to say it with meaning,” she added. 
Miss Wilson is the daughter of Mr. and Mrs. 
Milton Wilson of 1926 
Providence Drive. She g ra d u a te d from Sam 
Houston High School in 
San Antonio and Bauder 
College in Dallas with a degree in m e rc h a n d is­ ing. 
She is now employed at 
Sears, Roebuck and Co. but plans to be a buyer for a large clothing store on the East Coast. 
‘‘Eventually I want to own my own boutique of high fashion th o u g h ,” she said. 
In addition to her work. 

 o f soul urges to speak out 

COPHRA A N N 
W ILSO N 
...1977 Queen of Soul 

Miss Wilson participates in fashion shows and church a c tiv itie s. She enjoys singing and boat­ ing and playing tennis and chess. 

Linda L ev erett was 
Cophra’s sponsor for the 

 p a g e a n t 
Wilson said. 
‘‘All of it. I especially benefitted from the r e ­ h e a rs a ls w here my sihging was critiqued.” 

For the talent portion of the pageant. 
Miss 
Wilson sang the popular song, “ Reach Oui and 
Touch 
Som ebody’s 
Hand.” 

When asked what the most m e m o rab le m o ­ ment of the evening was, the queen said, “ My singing. It touched me. I hope it touched everyone else too. 

“ And the crow ning,” the smiling winner said in afterthought. 

Miss W ilson feels the m ost im po rtant co n tri­ bution she has made to her com m unity is h e r­ mit. 
“ I think I have been a very positive influence on my c o m m u n ity ,” she said emphatically. 
“ I hope to represent my co m m u n ity to the best of my ability,” Miss 
Wilson said. “ And I want to help my brothers and sisters and all of m a n ­ kind for that matter.” 

San Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS-— Sunday April 17 1977 
Page 
’ 5-K 
Austin student took 2nd spot 

April 14-23 

III 

Featured Daily 

(D Wyatt camellias 

4 San A ntonio A re a Locations 

FRANCINE M A R IA 
PROSSER 
...first runner up 
Second finisher satisfied 

“ I’ve always wanted to do it and now I am satis­ fied,” Queen of Soul se­ cond runner up Janice 
Hamilton said. 
“ My experiences here a re so m ethin g I will never fo rg e t,” the 
22-year-old beauty said. 
Janice is the daughter of Mr. and Mrs. Floyd 
Hamilton of 314 Virginia 
Ave. The San Antonio re­ sident graduated from 
B rack en rid g e 
High 
Schcol. 
She is now employed at the San Antonio Main 
Public Library, but plans to continue her education until she gets her Mas­ ter's degree in Library 
Science. 
"Then I want to be an a irlin e s te w a rd e s s ,” 
Janice said. 
During the talent por­ tion, 
J a n ic e did a dramatization from Alex 
H aley’s “ R o o ts.” She p ortrayed 
K izzie’s mother, Bell, at the time 
Kizzie was sold out from under her. 

To participate in the 
1977 Queen of Soul pa­ geant, 18-year-old Fran- cine Maria Prosser had to commute from Austin daily. 
“ It was something I had made up my mind I w anted to d o ,” Miss 
Prosser said. “ I wanted to be a part of the pa­ geant.” 
After it was all over, 
Francine Maria Prosser, a student at the Univer­ sity of Texas in Austin, was selected first runner up. 
“ To me it was defini­ tely worth it,” she said. 
“ Even if I did not win, the experience I gained makes it all worthwhile.” 
F r a n c in e ’s p aren ts. 

Mr. and M rs. F ra n k 
P ro s se r, often found themselves taking her to the bus station at I a.m. 
“ I am really apprecia­ tive of them,” Francine said. “ If it would not have been for them, I could not have done it.” 

F r a n c in e ’s p e rfo r­ mance during the talent portion of the pageant was a song” and-dance routine to the moving 
“ S u m m e rtim e ” from 
“ Porgy and Bess.” 
Francine is no stranger to beauty pageants. In 
1974, she was selected 
Miss Teen-Age San An­ tonio. In 1977, she was second runner up in the 
Miss News contest. 

For Fiesta Enjoyment 
Carroll Gilley & Southern Comfort 
Playing Until 2 a.m. nitely thru A pril 3 o 

 fcnjoy a star studded line-up of choice beef cut to the size you want and sold by the pound! 

Dining. Tues -bun 
5 to 1o:3o pm 
Cloned Monday 

3239 Harry 
W urzbach 

8 2 4 -4 4 4 4 simMSE S- saloon 
I..—,.. .....I 
——^ 
« 

SAN ANTONIO S ONLY COUNTRY & WESTERN SUPPER CLUB 
AND THAT’S NO BUM STEER! 

JANICE HAM ILTON 
...second runner up 

 j/M iiiu i /to J ll I ik 
L! 
/I th I Ini Wi I* 11 il!11 ii /I j 
( j i 
Ii 'Mb MHi/Mtjj 
'im lLLU id 'Ell him ' aw m . 

Announcing a wide variety of Genuine 
Oriental and European Hugs including several f ine turkish silks. 
Zhese rugs are available at unusually reasonable prices. 

Air. Erie Ozcan, carpet consultant front turkey will be In our showrooms through April 

D u B o f e 

CARPETS & FLOORS 

9-6 Weekdays 
9-8 thursday 
9-5 Saturday 

9o5 San Pedro San Antonio, Zoeas 

I# l i l i f l 
XL-1 OO SOLID 
-J7" COLOR PORTABLE 

£ * 3 4 4 - s a . 
ONLY 
W 
T 
T s t a n d 

CUSTOMER SATISFACTION 
SINCE 1936 
WITH SERVICE AFTER THE SALE 
.—I.,.......— ... ...... .......................... 

 r t f , , 
M CD ITCRRA N SA N 

DIAGONAL COLOR CONSOLE 

HOPPS 
LOW PRICE 

 high performance Black & White TV for people ow the go! 

BATTERY AC 
OPERATED DC 

17.o cu. ft. 
IOO°/o 
Ftost-Proof 
I I 

San Antonio EXPRESS N EW S— Sunday April 1 7 1977’ 
Monday night at the parade 

 t m u r n * ii yr* **l»Dt 

 g n 
, 
---------- , 

*1 
\ V ‘H 

You’ve never enjoyed 
“ Monday Night, at the 
Movies” like you’ll en­ joy it at the San Antonio 
River this Monday. 
Features will include 
“ Gone with the Wind,” 
‘ American 
In 
Pairs” and “Chitty Chitty Bang 
Bang” — all brilliantly lit for their night-time float along the river. 
Those floats will be part of the 1977 version of the Fiesta River Parade, which is the first parade in the Fiesta celebration. 
This y e a r's them e is 
“ Monday Night at the 
Movies.” 

Diamonds for the man who's particular. 

• * * r 

Diam ond solitaire, 
14 karat gold, $ 3 9 5 
I 6 Diam onds, 
Vi carats total weight* 
I 4 karat gold, $ 5 5 o 

Illustrations enlarged 

Downtown 

224 E. Houston 

Doily 1o-5:3o 

Thurs. 1o-7:3o 

Elegant gift wrap at no extra charge 
MISSION 
^ jew elers 

Eight Convenient W a y s To Buy 

Sooth Park Mall 

Daily 1o-9 
Sot. 1o-6 

Israeli 
Festival means fun, food 

The Israeli Festival sponsored by Agudas 
Achim Synagogue is a potpourri of fun and food, and takes place at the 
Synagogue at 12o1 Don­ aldson Ave. on Sunday, 
April 24. 

There’s something for everyone, including rides and games for the kids and the young-at-heart, as well as the bountiful array of food and drinks. 
E ntertainm ent is fea­ tured throughout the day and is halted only briefly for the arrival of King 
Antonio and his entour­ age. The King is intro­ duced to the throng, and is invited for lunch. 
This is the fifth year that the Israeli Festival has been a part of Fiesta events. 
It is the final big event of the 
1o-day F iesta celebration. 

Economy Luggage 
Priced to Fit your “O ver-Taxed 
Budget... 

★ Tough, Washable 
Expanded Vinyl 

★ Big, Roomy Cases 

★ Lightweight, expands in size 

 it Security Buckle 

Buy it as you like ... I piece or 

 u n i i u i c a c i; 
Reg. 
Sale 
Shoulder Tote . . . . . . 
$17.5o 
$ 1 2 .9 5 
21” O ’N it e .............. 
21.5o 
16.95 
24” Pullman . . . . . . . 
27.5o 
2 o .9 5 
26” P u llm a n ............ 
32.5o 
25 .9 5 
29” P u llm a n ............ 
38.5o 
3 1 .9 5 
Choose Blue or Brow n 
4 
Ohio f i t WONDERLAND ic ALAMO PLAZA 
★ W INDSOR PARK MALL 
/ 
★ NORTH STAR MALL 
Cl/YWU 
★ MCCRELESS SHOPPING CENTER 

Along with the movies, 
San Antonians will also get to glimpse the Fiesta royalty including King 
Antonio and the Queen of the Order of the Alamo. 
Other beauties who will make up the royal family include Miss Fiesta and her court, the Queen of 
.SouI, the Charro Queen, nine military queens and beauty queens from sur­ rounding cities. 
The two-hour river ex­ travaganza will be led by 
David Steves, the Cava­ lier’s River Parade Mar­ shal and Vice Marshal 
Jerry Harris Jr. 

The Cavaliers sponsor the parade. 
Last year F irst Lady 
Betty Ford was the grand m arshal of the parade. 
There w ill be no celebrity this year. 
By library 
The annual River P ar­ ade begins at. the Navar­ ro Street Bridge — adja­ cent to the library . It w inds north along the river through 
Arneson 
Theater into the Hemis- fair extension and the 
Convention C enter L a ­ goon. 
Then the dazzling-lit 

Speetators ran b u y tickets fo r choice seats, o r they can view the p a ra d e fro n t one o f the a r- ens where there is int charge 

 floats will retrace them ­ selves along the river ex­ tension back to the river bend where the floats will glide north past the Ur- suline P ro perty to d is­ band at the northernmost 
Navarro Street Bridge. 
S pectators can buy tickets for more choice seats to view the parade. 

DAVID STEVES 
JERRY HARRIS JR. 
W I L B U R L I T T L E T O N 

JR 
Cavaliers corral river parade 

The Fiesta River Parade is a San Antonio tradition begun and carried on bv the Texas Cavaliers. 

The king of the parade — King Antonio the Cavaliers. also conies from the ranks of 

The first Cavalier King was named in 1927. Since then, every Antonio has been a member of the Texas Cavaliers. 

King Antonio LV was invested into office during cerem onies at the Alamo 
Saturday. 

Two cavaliers will be heading the Fiesta River Parade. They are David 
Steves, 1977 parade marshal, and Jerry Harris Jr., vice marshal. 

Wilbur Littleton Jr. is commander of the Cavaliers. 

Littleton is president of Littleton Tire Co. and Littleton Manufacturing 
Co. He is also active in civic organizations — including the San Antonio 
Greater Chamber of Commerce. 

Steves, a native of San Antonio, is Director of Personnel at Tampo 
Manufacturing Co. and a m em ber of the company’s board of directors. 

Harris, another San Antonio native, owns The Harris Shop for Pappagallo and is president of Harris’ Unlimited Inc. 
Pedaling into 
Fiesta iVeek 

 or they can view the parade from one of the areas where there is no charge. 
Free 
All street level viewing is free as well as the river level viewing from the Houston Street bridge north to the U rsuline 
Property. 
Seats at the river level in the river bend are re­ served with ticket prices beginning at $3. Tickets may be purchased at the 
M unicipal A uditorium 
Box Office. lf any tickets are left, they can be purchased at the gates along the river bend at 6 p.m. parade night. 
San Antonians may al­ so buy $1 tick ets for river level viewing from old river locks that run north along the main riv e r channel to the 
Houston Street Bridge. 
Last year an esti­ mated 1oo,ooo people at­ tended the parade. Total paid atten d an ce was 
12,ooo. 
The first River Parade 

 was launched bv the Ca­ valiers in 1941. The par­ ade was not held during the war years, but it. re­ sumed in 194B. 
4ft floats 

In the 1977 version of the night-time parade, nearly 4o lighted floats will wind along the river. 
More than half of the floats, which are spon­ sored by San Antonio ci­ vic and cultural groups, will have live music. 
Floats and their spon­ sors include “ Q ueen,” 
O rder of tke Alamo; 
“ Gypsy,” Ft. Sam Hous­ ton; “ O klahom a,” U.S. 
Army Medical 
Depart­ ment; “ Cleopatra,” Ran­ dolph AFB; “ Vikings,” 
Brooks AFB; “ Grand Old 
F la g ,” Lackland AFB, and 
“ W in g s,” 
Kelly 
AFB. 

Other entries are 
“ Showboat,” Paseo del 
Rio Assn.; 
“ Dracula,” 
San Antonin College; 
“ Camelot,” Club Women of Today; 
“ G reatest 
Show on Earth,” St. Phi­ lip's College; “ Dr. Doo­ little,” Battle of Flowers 
Assn.; “ Giant,” Children of the Republic of Tex- xas,” and “ Gone with the 
Wind,” Conservation So­ ciety. 

Entries 
“ Student also include 
P r in c e ,” 

Beethoven Maennercbor; 
“ Jaw s,” The Bachelors 
Club; “ Wizard of Oz,” 
San Antonio Cotillion; 
“ Tom Saw yer,” YMCA and San Antonio Spurs, 
“ Shirley T em ple,” Wo­ m e n ’s Club of San An­ tonio; “ Moby Dick,” San 
Antonio G erm an Club; 
“ State F a i r .” Alamo 
Area Square & Round 
Dance Assn., and “ King and I” Sororities. 

O ther floats include 
“ OK C orral,” Jaycees; 
“ Golden Spike,” South 
Texas V egetable Day; 
“ Mexican 
H a y rid e ,” 
Mexican 
Chamber of 
Commerce; “ Blood and 
Sand,” Club Semradores 
De Amistad; “ Sum m er­ time,” Lu lac Council No. 
2; “ Theme Barge,” Pan 
American Optimist Club, and “ C a ro u sel,” S y m ­ phony Society of San An­ tonio. 
Others 

Other entries are 
“ A m erican in P a r i s ,” 
Town Club; “ Mary Pop- p in s ,” 
San 
Antonio 
Teachers’ Council; “ Cin­ derella,” American Bu­ siness W omen’s Assn.; 
“ South P a c ific ,” U.S. 
Navy; 
“ Hawaii.” 
Phil- lippino Assn. of .San An­ tonio, and “ Chitty Chitty 
Bang B ang,” Campfire 
Girls. 

Members of the United 
States Cycling F e d e ra ­ tion are in San Antonio for the th ird annual 
F iesta G rande Bicyle 
Race Sunday, 
The 25-mile race will be a 
E u rop ean -sty le competition through the streets of the city. 
The start and finish line is at the corner of 
Pearl 
P ark w ay and 
Broadway. 
Last y e a r ’s race a t ­ tracted federation m em bers from Texas, 
Mexico and several mid­ west states and, accord­ ing to race ch airm an 
Mike 
Creese, m any members from the same areas will he on hand for 
Sunday’s race. 
This year’s course will be shortened from 1.3 miles to seven tenths of a mile. 

“ Because of the 

 sh o rte r distance, spectators will see riders more often. There should be m ore sp ectato r a p ­ peal," Creese said. 
Last year the race co­ vered 45 miles. 
There are nine differ­ ent races scheduled. 
E ach division broken down into age and riding experience. There will be 
12o riders with about 4o in the main event. 
At noon 
The main event begins at noon. 
Creese said speeds should reach 35 m.p.h. along straig h t-aw ay s, and possibly 4o m.p.h. when wind is eliminated by front riders. 
“ W e’re going to try and break the 25-mile re­ cord, which is about 55 m inutes,” Creese, presi­ dent of the Pearl Cycling 
Club, said. 

He said he thinks if s possible if conditions are right. 
The Pearl Brewing Co. is sponsoring the event and will award trophies and cycling equipm ent for prizes. 

PEOPLE MOVERS COLORED SLIDES IN 
MULTI MACRAME AN D ROPE 
$24 

AMERICAN 
EXPRESS ■ f j 
Guarantee 

NORTH STAR AND 
MCCRELESS STORES ONLY 

Square dancing’s come a long way 

Square dancing, the original American folk dance, long ago graduated from the old-time barn dance to a high level form of fun, entertainm ent and professionalism for amateurs. And if you don’t believe it, go to Municipal Auditorium Friday night. 
There, from 7 to ll p.m., you can see for free the best square and round dancers in South Texas performing under the co-sponsorship of Alamo Area 
Square and Round Dance Assn. 
In this highlight of the year for the square dancers, they will don their western finery and form their squares for the 28th time, the dancing having begun as a street dancing Fiesta event over two decadea ago. 
The conviviality, to which King Antonio and the mayor have been invited, will begin with round dancing followed by a grand march to spark the square dancing at 8 p.m. 

Question? Problem? Ask 

Action/Express 

 in the San Antonio Express 

653-137o 
Lon er Level near ll arris 
Windsor Park Mall 
Welcome Fiesta Visitors 

 v V S c v % vAy'*' 
' 
1 

♦ Nl4t)oU*nTI"S r**o»ot 
> 
INO O* 
* 

 v $ M 
1 rm ' A ' 
KJ n; 
:s 

 p V W d ^ r ^ Q f / a 
o«C * ■--' 

BATTIE OF FLOWERS PARADE J i l l 

H S p»*»»ot *»o«m 
CIL' ►OBM'NG ANI* 
P£%- DISBANDING AHIA 
*«»pj AUH LANIS 
•*- BOGH to OISBAflJr’iNi, abl A 
9 Bio CROSS HUST AID STATIONS 
^ / 

^ a 
W n d d r 

Son Antonio EXPRESS-N E W S — Sunday April 17 1977 
Page 

/ * V p \ t y \}y- 

\ v 3 * 
V- 

// 

\ 

,/r . and Misses Sizes 

 f ashions for Jr. 's arui Misses 
Sizes 3 lo 13 & 6 to 16 
M asterC harge • B an i A m erican ! • Carte. 
B lanche 
• Shoppers C har pp W elcom ed-— 
O pen M onday thru S a tu rd a y IO a rn. til 9 p.m . 

 r s 

 c£$i?dc 
£3 

C l Foe MI NG 
C l k — ARfcA 

 j ^ 
. L L ’Q c : 

3 

BATTLE of Flowers Parade route 

M RS. BO N D D A V IS, center, holds the basket containing float sketches which six public schools will depict in the Public School 
Section of the Battle of Flowers Parade. Usa Anderson of Randolph 
High School, left, and Minerva Garcia of South San High School, third from left, and Mrs. Richard E. Nitschke look on. 
Fantasy of flower parade 

ROSITA FERNAN­ 
DEZ, “ San Anton­ io’s first lady of song,” will be grand marshal for the 82nd Annual 
Battle of Flowers 
Parade. 

The Battle of Flowers 
Parade will take its more than 4oo,ooo spectators on a “ World of Fantasy” trip on Friday as the fourth largest parade in' the U.S. winds 2lfa miles through downtown San 
Antonio. 
The parade, one of three festive Fiesta pro­ cessionals, will feature 45 floats, 13o marching un­ its. 3o drill teams, 5o bands and 2o groups in 

 the amusement section. 
The 82nd annual two- hour colorful extrava­ ganza will be preceded by a special vanguard event beginning at 12:15 p.m. 
Themed ‘‘World of 
Fantasy,” the parade will start at 1:25 p.m. af 
Grayson and Broadway 
St reefs and winds its way in front of the Alamo re­ viewing stand and pro­ ceed on Houston Street to 

 the disbanding area at 
San Saba Street. 

Rosita Fernandez, who appeared on the Texas float in 
President 
Carter's Inaugural Par­ ade in Washington, will serve as this year’s grand marshal. 
Often referred to as 
“ San Antonio's first lady of song,” Rosita will also start her 2oth year of singing for crowds at- 

 r Have a Summer ii wardrobe of cotton coolers by Jantzen 

Active clothes for active gals by Jantzen, in frosty aqua poly/cotton top-stitched in white with white webbed belts. Easy care, of course, sizes S-M-L for tops, 8 to 16 waists. Left: short sleeve jacket, side vents, 38.oo. Print/stripe knit top with cap sleeves, 18.oo. Elastic-back fashion pant, mock pocket, 22.oo. Center: Multi-stripe woven poly/cotton shirt, 18.oo. Button-front A-line skirt, 25.oo. 
Right: short sleeve U-neck stripe/print knit top 13.oo. Shorts with mock cuff, 18.oo. 

Moderate Sportswear 

No/th Star & Wonderland Shop Mon.-Sat. 1o to 9; Rhodes Charge, Master Charge, 
BankAmericard, American Express. An <Amfec 
Company. 

 tending Fiesta Neche del 
Rio. 
“ Though I have nevpr told a soul — being grand marshal has been my dream for many years," 
Rosita said upon being selected grand marshal. 
Lady Bird Johnson served as grand marshal for last year's Battle of 
Flowers Parade. 

This year. Rosita will lead the music of 5o bands from as far away as Clifton, N .J., and 
Sherman Oaks, Calif., and 7.283 participants who will he marching or riding in the spectacular event. 

All the floats will de­ pict some phase of a fan­ tasy world bearing such titles as “ Viking Adven­ ture,” 
‘‘The 
Little 
Prince,” “ Toyland,” 
‘‘Treasure 
Island,” 
‘‘Wizard of Oz,” and 
“ Hansel and Gretel.” 
The tlower-making ladies of the 4oo-member 
Battle of Flowers Assn., sponsor of the parade, started more than two months ago creating and refurbishing blossoms fur the floats in the court section and the public school section. 

Clowns, jugglers 
A bicyclist in Lilt Ie Bo 
Peep altin*, clowns, hoop rollers and jugglers will be scattered between the floats and marching bands featured in the parade. 

Also featured in the parade will be special military marching units, classical and antique cars, and a 2oo horse ca­ valcade. 

One entry in the caval­ cade division, entitled 
“ Gypsy Festival," will show-off the horses and riders in color-coordinat­ ed native gypsy cos­ tumes. 

Other entries will in­ clude the spectacular 
Palomino Patrol, the charros wearing wide- brimmed colorful som­ breros, authentic silver decorated costumes, and mounted on ornate Mexi­ 

 can saddles. 
The 
Bexar 
County 
Sheriff’s Mounted Posse and its Ladies Auxiliary; the Brown County Sher­ iff's Posse from Brown­ wood: the Brackenridge 
Stable, Inc.; San Antonio 
Centaurs; and the Par­ sons Mounted Cavalry from Texas A&M Uni­ versity will also trot through the downtown streets. 

In addition to the drill teams, bands, floats, and cavalcades, 2o banners, five pep squads, arid 5o vehicles will appear in 
Hie popular amusement section. 
School floats 

A highlight of the par­ ade will be the F’ublic 
School Section which w ill feature floats from East 
Central High School, 
McCollum High School, 
Randolph High School, 
South San High School, 
Edison High School, and 
Alamo Heights High 
School. 

The high school floats will be decorated around the theme “ Book Shelf 
Classics.” 

However, while the school floats will be a highlight, the climax of the parade will be the 12 floats in the court sec­ tion, featuring Her High­ ness, the Princess and 
Her Royal Highness, the 
Queen of the Coronation of the Order of the Ala­ mo. 

Battle of Flowers Par­ ade tickets may be pur­ chased through Thursday by calling 225-4219. 

Tickets will also be on sale in the lobby of the 
Municipal Auditorium from IO a.m. to 3 p.m. weekdays through 
Thursday and from IO a.in. to I p.m. oil Satur­ day. 

On F riday, tickets may be obtained at the en trance of the Menger Ho tel, under the expressway at Broadway and the Post 
Office downtown. 
Prices range from 
$2.5o to $4.5o. 
Jazz featured at hand meet 

“ Jazz Jubilee,” a presentation of jazz as the first authenic form of American music, is the theme for the 42nd annual 
Battle of the Flowers 
Band Festival. 

The festival will be at 7 p.m. Thursday, 
April 21 at Alamo Sta­ dium. 

Performances by two military bands and bands from New Jersey, Cali­ fornia, Florida and Tex­ as will be featured. 

The band festival is the musical highlight of the 
Fiesta celebration and this year it will be com­ plete with ballons, card sections and dancing girls to reinforce the jazz theme. 
The featured military bands will be the Air 
Force Reserve High­ landers, a nine-man bagpipe band from Ro­ bins AF’B, Ga., and the 
Air 
Force 
Academy 
Drum and Bugle Corps from Colorado. 

Out-of-state 

Wearing traditional 
Scottish uniforms, in­ cluding kilts, the High­ landers it the only or­ ganization of its kinds in the Air Force. 
The academy's drum and bugle corps. IOO men and women strong, is the largest drum and bugle corps in the Air F’orce. 

Out-of-state bands to be featured will be from 
Clifton High School iii 
Clifton, N. J., Lakewood 
High School from St. Pe­ tersburg, Fla., and Notre 
Dame High School of 
Sherman Oaks. Calif. 

A featured Texas band will be the Sweetwater 
High School Band. 

Nine 
San 
Antonio bands will participate in the festival, three of them are featured and include Thomas Jeffer son. East Central and 
Phyllis Wheatley. 

The other city bands will be Sam Houston, 
Burbank. Lanier. High­ lands, F'ox Tech and 
Holmes. 

Guest conductor for the mass bands will be in­ ternationally known ar­ ranger Bill Moffitt of the 
University of Houston. 

Vande Putte 

Chairman of this year’s 
Band Directors Execu­ tive Committee is Pete 
Vande Putte Jr . The committee selects participating bands and music for Hie festival. 

Other band director committee members arc 
Tony 
Badrak. 
Louis 
Ortega. Dale Sehulta, 
Charles Vanderhider and 
Byron Walters. 

Tickets for the festival will be available at Ala­ mo Stadium after ti p.m. the day of the festival. 

Presents 
The O Most 

Hiitnfihtl 
I htttni md 

E n iZ O g c tn e n t 
Ritig.v 

 rn the World 

Diane 

$35o the vet 

M’-adowtafl* 
$55o the vet 

Ruer et ie 
$435 die vet 

M oon w o k! 

$765 the set 

Pi coeff*? 

542o the set 

Cascade 
$38o th© set 

Misty 
$425 the set 

Porno 
$465 th© ie) 

Majestic 
$365 the vet 

4 Locations 

• D o w n t o w n 

• W o n d e r l a n d 

• S h o p p e rs C i t y 

• S o u th P a rk M o ll 

San Antonio EXPRESS N E W S — Sunday April I 7 1977 

Our custom window treatments are an unaccustomed treat. 

Unique ways to snap up w indow s (office or h o m e ) are one of our sp ecialties. Custom draperies, m in i-b lin d s, woven- woods, whatever — the possibilities are endless. In our 
Decorator Loft — Com e and see soon. 

DIANNE FLACK 
INTERIORS • SAN ANTONIO 

9329 W URZBACH AT BLUEMEL OOO I 791 
BANKAMERICARD MASTER CHARGE. REVOLVING CHARGE 
M O N TUE WED «. FRI IO O THURS 1o 8 SAT IQ S 

'Greatest Night P arade' goes onward fo r 3oth time 

Tho Fiesta Flambeau 
Parade — known as 
“ A m e ric a 's 
G reatest 
Night Parade'' — cele­ brates it's .‘loth birthday this year with the theme, 
“Onward We Go.” 
One of Fiesta’s favorite extravaganzas, the 
Flam beau Parade will start at 7:3o p.m. April 
23. About 5o high school and university bands, floats carrying beautiful queens and drill treams will march along, lighted by 1o.ooft flares of rain­ bow colors. 
San Antonio’s famous torch light parade was started 3o years ago by 
Reynolds Andricks, pre­ sident of the Festival San 
Jacinto Assn. Andricks and the association still direct the parade. 

Preceeding the main section of the parade will be an honor guard of 45 drill teams, drum and bugle corps and march­ ing units from local high schools and universities. 
The University of Tex­ as Longhorn Band will be spotlighted this year, led by Vincent R. DiNiro. 

Festival royalty 
Special guests in the command section of the parade this year are queens and dignitaries from other national festi­ vals. 
St. Paul Winter Carni­ val Queen of Snow s 
M ichele Rafferty; E u ­ gene 
R. 
Strom m en, managing director of the 
St. Paul Winter Carnival and 
H a rrison 
Rich 

Baker Jr., president of the Pasadena T o u rn a ­ ment of Roses Assn. art* this y e a r’s honored guests. 
M iss Fiesta 1977 Karen 
R andol and the M is s 
Fiesta Alternates will be featured on their special float. 
The military section of the parade will feature b rightly illum inated floats filled to the brim with beauty queens from area bases. 
M ilita ry Bands from the USAP' Academy, the 
U.S. Marine Corps Drum and Bugle Corps, the 
Fifth US Arm y Band, the 
Lackland Air Force Band of the West and repre­ sentatives of the Coast 
G uard and Naval R e ­ serve will be featured. 

The next section of the parade will feature the 
Alzafar Shrine organiza­ tion. It is comprised of m any beautiful floats, m arching units, a torch­ light equestrian unit and trick motorcycle groups. 

The v isitin g festival section will feature floats from 3o cities, near and far. They w ill present queens from num erous 
Texas Festivals and from 
Florida and California. 
Floats from numerous civic, social and com m ercial o rg a n iza ­ tions will also be repre­ sented in the lengthy parade. 
K ing Antonio Tim D. 
Word will also be a hon­ ored guest for the flam­ beau parade. 
FIESTA Flam beau p a ra d e route 

□ 
I n f i l l n a n l l \ f 1**^ a 
( o RP ji 
ES i 

& c c r o p o r e i w e 

U TT, yen©*/- 

PRICES GOOD MONDAY 
APRIL 18 THRU SAT. APRIL 23 

NEW SPRING 77 

LO OKS LIKE LINEN — IN A 
CAREFREE KNIT OF POLYESTER, 

FULL BOLTS...6o” W IDE 
FROM KNITAWAY 
1 o o % POLYESTER 

 f 7 FUtl 
PIECE 
YD. 
PRICE 2 
79 

YO. 

CUT TO 
oRDFR 
PRICE 

SUPER VALUE FROM THE MANAGER 

FAMOUS FIRST QUALITY 
7 FAVORITE COLORS 
6o” WIDE 
W OVEN GABARDINE 
FRO M 
BU RLING TO N / K L O P M A N 
1 o o % POLYESTER 
’SURALINE’ 
$1 88 ™ $1 99 

PIECE vn p o i r f 
YO. 

CUT TO 
ORDER 
PRICE 

FAMOUS SUMMER 
SELECTION 

OF OUTSTANDING PRINTS 
FULL BOLTS 
4 5 ” WIDE 

COTTONS AND EASY CARE BUNDS IN A 
COLORFUL ARRAY OF SUMMER-1ooK 
PRINTS...SPECIAl LOW PRICE. 

6 5 % POlYESTER/35% COTTON 

AND 1 o o % COTTONS 

 rn mm■ IN 
• I 

EXCITING... abricsl 

LO W PRICE!! 

Y o u ’ll love the profusion o f exciting patterns and textures you'll find in this sensational selec­ tion— florals, geometries, ethnic designs, plaids, 

 woven textures in solids an d novelty effects. 
SUPER VALUES en 
PANTSUIT • DRESS • BLOUSE 

*189*55 - 
1 “ 

NEW SPRING SOLIDS 

YOUR FAVORITE TEXTURE 
IN SOFT PASTELS 
FULL BOLTS 

ASSORTED 

PONTE, CREPE, AND 
JACQUARD WEAVES 

PASTEL SOLIDS 

1 o o % POLYESTER 
DOUBLE 
KNITS 
$ I 44 Fuu $ 1 66 
PUC! 
YO. MHU 
YD. 

FULL BOLTS 
6o” WIDE 
HEAVY BoTToMW EIGHT 
SUMMER 

WHITE SELECTION 

ASSORTED TEXTURES 
ALL 
WHITE 
1 o o % POLYESTER 
DOUBLE 
KNITS 
$ I 44 
.U U 
PIECE 
P 
YD. 
PRICE 

6 
CUT TO 
ORDER 
YD. 
PRICE 

WE 

DISCOUNT 

ALL 

PATTERNS 

AND ALL 

NOTIONS 

EVERYDAY 

OJI IO 

ono** 

IO- 

o 
o 
o 
_ 

Alamo order lo tap queen 

Continuing a Fiesta tradition since 189ft. The 
Order of the Alamo Wednesday night will crown its 
Queen and Princess of the Court of the Voyage 
Extraordinaire in all its magnificence. 
The coronation with its elaborately gowned 14 in-town duchesses and It) out-of-town duchesses is always a highlight of Fiesta Week. 
Members of the Court of the Voyage Extraordin­ aire were selected last fall in a secret ballot by 
Order of the Alamo members. Each of the duchesses w ill promenade onto the stage in a jeweled costume. 
Voyage Extraordinaire was patterned after Jules 
Verne’s book. Around the World in 8ft Days. and was the original title of the book. 
The sparkling, bejeweled trains and gowns will depict favorite spots in the world that are featured in the pageant. 
M istress of the Robes Mrs. Jack Lew is Jr. court artist. 
The queen and princess generally are chosen from the duchesses of the previous court. 
President of The Order of the Alamo, Bradford 
Breuor, will crown the queen. 
Howard Ferguson. I his year’s Lord High Cham ­ berlain, will introduce each member of the royal court as she enters and makes her floor-sweeping bow. 
One of the featured entertainers will be Houston 
Allred, son of former Texas Gov. James V. Allred, 
The U.S. Arm y Chorus and the Arm y Herald 
Trumpets will also appear. 

Miss IS a vy 
%/ 

SA C 
PRE-NU RSING student 
Renata 
Margaret Gennero will be riding the U.S. 
Navy float during Fiesta parades. She re­ cently was named “Miss Navy Recruiting 
District." She is a 1976 graduate of Incar­ nate Word High School and the daughter of 
Army M. Sgt. and Mrs. Jimmie F. Gennero, 
22oo Santa Anna St. 
/ 
D olph to lead 
P ilgrim age 

Participants in the 51st annual Pilgrimage to the 
Alamo will gather at 4 p.m. Monday in Auditor­ ium Circle. 
Gov. Dolph Briscoe w ill lead 
P ilg rim a g e marchers in the official 
Fiesta event through the downtown San Antonio and to the Alamo. 

The governor also will deliver the Pilgrim age 
Address. 
Participa tin g in the parade will be the 
Daughters of the Repub­ lic of Texas’ state, local, federal and military offi­ cials; officers of the 
Fiesta San Antonio Com ­ mission; representatives of the Chambers of Com ­ 

 merce, Battle of Flower 
Assn. and Order of tin 
Alamo. 
Also represented wii be the 
C a va lie rs 
Conservation Society 
German Club, Optimists 
Girl Scout Council of Sal 
Antonio, San A ntoni< 
Teacher’s Council ani the Alfrusa Club of Sui 
Antonio. 
Schools participating will include Jefferson 
Lanier. B ra ckenridge 
Burbank and Fox Ted high schools; St. M a ry ’s 
Hall; Harris, Maim anc 
Longfellow junior high schools and Hawthorne 
C ollins, B a sk in , Lee. 
W oodlawn and 
Hate 
Shenck elem entary schools. 

 y 
* 
} 
/ 

P I I 

By CHERYL COGGINS 

Most successful businessmen wouldn't take nine days out of their work to play king to kids in elementary school. 
But Tim D. Word of 2314 Ca­ melback Drive is looking for­ ward to that duty as well as the many others he’ll be undertak­ ing as King Antonio LV during 
Fiesta Week. 
“ It’s about nine days of non­ stop activity,” the new king, se­ lected by the Cavaliers, said of his regal duties. 
“ Our organization has fu r­ nished a mythical monarch to the city in general for its Fiesta gaiety,” the former commander 

* • 
J 
- 4’ ^ lyjiitf/j’iiAilai 
EXPRESS-NEWS-— Sunday April 17 1977 
Page 
I -M 

 of the Cavaliers explained. 
“ This is quite an honor and something of a civic duty. Ifs almost an awesome responsibility, setting the tone for the celebration,” he said. 
During his reign as King An­ tonio LV, Word, a m anaging partner of the Dean Word Co., a contracting firm, will have his activities planned every minute of the day. 
“ We will m ake close to a. hundred visits. We will visit in 

 excess of 4o schools, military bases, homes for the aged and the Fiesta activities of a large number of participating organi­ zations,” he explained. 
The participating organi­ zations are those involved with the Fiesta San Antonio Com­ mission, wliich coordinates and supports the various celebra­ tions.' 
“ It’s like being out of state for ll days as far as your business 

HIS MAJESTY TIM D. W ORD, K IN G AN TO N IO LY 

 or your family is concerned. 
“ There’s an endless amount of planning, checking and coordin­ ating. 
“ And after it’s all over, there are about 2oo thank-you notes to write and no energy to do it with,” he said. 
Word is a third generation 
Texan and has lived in San An­ tonio since his parents moved here in 1935. 
Children 
He and his wife, Suzanne, are actively involved in the lives of their five children: Dean, 17; 
Forrest, 15; Patrick, 14; Bryan, 
12, and Mary Amber, 8. 
Along with his civic activities, 
Word, a Life Scout, serves as 
Troop Committee chairman of troop 248. 
Outside his regal duties, the king likes to spend time with his family on a ranch in New 
Braunfels where he and the boys enjoy motorcycling ana hunting. 

Photos by 
RON JONES 

He and his oldest son are also photography buffs, but Mrs. 
Word explained her husband’s favorite photography subjects are rock crushers, bulldozers and other road construction equipment. 
“ But he also takes pictures of the family,” she added. 
Pilot 
In addition to his hobbies, the king is a licensed pilot and re­ gularly flies his plane to the various construction sites. 
His election to the kingship by his fellow Cavaliers is somewhat deserved in light of the 12 years he has put in working on the 
Fiesta River Parade. 
“ The parade has changed since 1965,” he said. “ It has improved technically although the number of floats has not in­ creased appreciably. “ We have 

Even a king gets thirsty, and wife Suzanne is glad to oblige 

“ We have improved sound and have more active participation by the riders rather than their just sitting there and smiling,” he said* 
The busy rush of Fiesta Week may be the only draw back to being king. 
Tempo 
“ It is a most enjoyable time, but the tempo of the week makes it sort of high pressure enjoy­ ment. You get very little rest. 
“ You may find the best party 

 you’ve ever been to in your life, and you’ll have to leave 45 min­ utes later. 
“ But the town as a whole is ready for some gaiety and we get a great response,” he said. 
All he’s hoping for now is pretty weather for the days of outdoor parades and speeches. 
“ A motto of the Cavaliers has always been, ‘Please don’t rain on my parade,’ and that’s what 
I’m hoping for,” King Antonio said. 

This year’s royal fam ily is, from left, Mrs. W ord; 
Forrest, I 5; Bryan, I 2; King Antonio; M ary Amber, 8; 
Dean, I 7, and Patrick, 14. 

San Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— Sunday April I 
1977, 
Saved by a chalupa stand 

By RODDY 
STINSON 
Whenever I think of 
Fiesta, I rem em ber the night I was nearly killed in the middle of Villita 
Street. 

That was in the spring of 1971 — my first Fiesta and first visit to the Con­ servation Society’s Night in Old San Antonio (MO­ 
SA). 
Someone told me to go 

D R E SSM A K E R 
Model # 7 o 6 $ 7 o o o 
NOW 
/ T 
HEAD 
ONLY, 
ZIG-ZAG, 
MONOGRAMS, MAKES BUT- 
IRTHSIDE * 
TON HOLES, LIMITED OFFER! 
S E W IN G 
3 3 2 3 ^ 
S T A ^ ^ 3 4 4 . 9 6 7 ^ 

 on F rid a y night if I wanted to get a feel of 
“ the real NIOSA.” So quite innocently I loaded five-year-old Terri, two- year-old 
John and 
31-year-old Myrna into the family car and head­ ed downtown, arriving at 
La Villita about 7 p.m. 
A crowd had already begun to form in the stre e ts and alleys blocked off to house 
MOSA. But there was 

Or why I t£ 

 enough room to walk com fortably betw een food booths and bands and dancing groups. 
By 8 p.m. we had cosum ed one foot-long hot dog, th ree anticu- chos, one chalupa, two corn-on-the-cobs, two 
French pastries and four bunuelos. 

So far, so good. 
The only d am ag e — except to our g astro in ­ testinal tracts — was a slight cut above my right ear, where some one had cracked a cascaron. 
We ducked into Villita 
Assembly Hall to rest a m inute and evenutally wandered into the base­ 

 ment. where a German oom-pah band was play­ ing. 
One hour, several sandwiches and 15 polkas later, we decided it was time to head for home. 
When we exited the hall onto Villita Street, we noticed a m arked change in the crowd. It 

Tires and more... car care 

UNIROYAL 

Bag yourself some 

STEEL/GLASS 
RADIAL 
TIGER HOW 

W HITEW ALL 

FIBERGLASS 
BELTED nGERBOMf 

W HITEW ALL 

POLYESTER 
BIAS PLT 
TIGER RAW 

W HITEW ALL 

 i i 

S IZE 
P R IC E 
F.I.T. 
B R 7 8 - 1 3 
$ 3 8 . 7 7 
$ 2 . o 6 
D R 7 8 - 1 4 
$ 4 * . 7 7 
$ 2 . 3 8 
E R 7 8 - 1 4 
$ 4 5 . 7 7 
$ 2 . 4 7 
, F R 7 8 - 1 4 
$ 4 7 . 7 7 
$ 2 . 6 5 
F R 7 8 - 1 4 
$ 5 o . 7 7 
$ 2 . 8 5 
G R 7 8 - 1 5 
$ 5 1 . 7 7 
$ 2 . 9 o 
H R 7 8 - 1 5 
$ 5 3 . 7 7 
$ 3 .1 I 
L R 7 8 - 1 5 
$ o 1 . 7 7 
$ 3 . 4 4 
All prices plus F.t.T. and tire off your car 
S O o 7 7 

S IZ E 
P R IC E 
F.E.T. 
A 7 8 - 1 3 
$ 3 8 . 7 7 
$ 1 . 7 3 
. o 7 8 - 1 4 
$ 3 o . 7 7 
$ 2 . o 9 
E 7 8 - 1 4 
$ 3 1 . 7 7 
$ 2 . 2 6 
F 7 8 - 1 4 
$ 3 3 . 7 7 
$ 2 . 4 2 
G 7 8 - 1 4 
$ 3 5 . 7 7 
$ 2 . 5 8 
o 7 8 - 1 5 
$ 3 6 . 7 7 
$ 2 . 6 5 
H 7 8 - 1 5 
$ 3 9 . 7 7 
$ 2 . 8 8 
I J 7 8 - 1 5 
$ 4 o . 7 7 
$ 3 . o 3 
L 7 8 - 1 5 
$ 3 . 1 2 I 
All prices plus F.E.T. and tire off your car 

BR78 13 whitewall tubules, plus $2 o6 P E T. and tire off your cor. 
$ 
77 

A78-13 whitewall tubeless t plus $1.72 P E T. and tire off your car. 

S IZ E 
_ 
P R IC E 
F.E.T. 
A 7 8 - 1 3 _______$ 2 3 . 7 7 
$ 1 . 7 2 
C 7 B - 14 
$ 2 6 . 7 7 
$ 2 .o 1 
E 7 8 - 1 4 
___ $ 2 7 . 7 7 
$ 2 . 2 3 
F 7 8 - 1 4 
$ 3 o . 7 7 
$ 2 . 3 7 
o 7 8 - 1 4 
$ 3 1 . 7 7 
5 2 . 5 3 
G 7 8 - 1 5 
. $ 3 2 . 7 7 
$ 2 . 5 9 
H 7 8 - 1 5 
$ 3 4 . 7 7 
$ 2 . 7 9 
L 7 8 - 1 5 
$ 3 6 . 7 7 
$ 3 . o 9 

AU prices plus F.E.T. and tire off your car 

$ o * 1 77 

A 7 8 -I3 whitewall tubeless plus $1.73 P.E T. and tire off your car. 

Prices shown available at Kel­ ler Tire Company. See your in­ dependent dealer for his price. 
Great Buys are in the Bag at UNIROYAL! 

Keller Tire Com pany 
4 o o S. Flores 226 -4 1 11 
(DO W N TO W N ) 

Earl W heeler Tire Service 
4 3 o 2 B ro a d w a y 8 2 6 -1 5 7 2 
(ALAM O HEIGHTS) 

Keller's A lam o Tire tenter 
6o1 N. A lam o 225 -3 29 1 
(DO W N TO W N ) 

G onzales Tire & M uffler 
2623 Culebra Rd. 4 3 2 -8 5 1 I 
(WEST) 

Mezzetti Tire Com pany 
6 2 3 9 San Pedro 3 4 2 -9 5 2 1 
(NORTHSIDE) 

Sagebiels 
Court & Travis 6 5 8 -5 35 1 
(SEGUIN) 

H i-G ear, Inc. 
6 4 4 o N o. N W fre e w a y 7 3 6 -2 8 5 6 
(BALCONES HEIGHTS) 

Arts Atlas 
3 3 5 o Fredericksburg 7 3 6 -4 5 1 6 
(NORTHWEST) 

H om ann-W illiam s Tire 
171o Austin H w y. at Eisenhauer 
824-2413 (NORTHEAST) 

Keller Tire Northside 
8 7 1 9 B ro a d w a y 8 2 8 -5 7 4 7 l 
(I Blk. North of Loop 41o) 

Schneider Tire & Auto 
2 2 6 o So. W .W . W h ite Rd. 3 3 3 -9 3 o 1 
(SOUTHEAST) 
BAG YOURSELF 
SO M E TIGER P A W S^j 

 was more boisterous and twice as dense as before. 
Another cascaron hit m e in the back of the head and a rev eler spilled a half cup of beer down the front of my sh irt as we waded into the mob and slowly crept toward the Alamo Street entrance IOO yards away. 
Dense 
At the 5o-yard point the crowd became so thick that John couldn't move, so I picked him up and put him on my back. 
A few steps farther, 
T erri tugged at my tro u se rs, panic on her face. 
She cou ld n't breathe, she said. So I handed John to Myrna and lifted her to my shoulders. 
About th at tim e the stre e t becam e so ja m m e d that no one could move, and the crowd cam e to a co m ­ plete standstill. 
As if to compensate for the lack of forward mo­ tion, the bodies began to sway to and fro, back and forth, making it difficult to remain upright while b alan cing a 45-pound five-year-old on my shoulders. 
For several seconds — probably no longer than a m inute or two — it seem ed like the whole m a ss would cave in, crushing us in the mid­ dle. 
When a m u rm u r of panic began to sp read throu gh the crow d, a chalupa stand at the edge of the street leaned pre­ cariously backward. And| as if that much additional j space made a difference, we started moving for­ ward again. 
Out of marble 
Soon afterward, I told someone I was consider­ ing building a monument tothe chalupa in honor of 

 the n ig ht it saved me from certain death. But I forgot about it until 
Fiesta 1972, when I went to NIOSA again on F ri­ day night and was saved at the same time and the same place by the same stand. 
A fter th a t happened four y e a rs in a row, I m entioned the stran ge phenomenon to a Conser­ 

 vation Society member. 
“ Oh, yeah — the lean­ ing chalupa stand,” she said. “ We first in tro ­ duced it in 1967. 
“ One tim e some p ra n k s te rs bolted it down, and we had all kinds of com p lain ts. 
F ie sta ju st w a s n ’t as much fun that year.” 
She was kidding — I think. 

Want 
Ads 
CALL 
225-1666 

HOURS 

8 A.M. to 
5:3o P.M. 
MONDAY thru FRIDAY 

ACAPULCO 
FIESTA 

DEPARTS THE FOLLOWING 
HOLIDAY WEEKENDS: 
M A Y 27, JULY I, SEPT. 2nd 
& NOV. 23rd 

From * 1 7 9 °° 
Per Person 
Dbl. o«. 

Including it 3 nights hotel accommodations 
★ Roundtrip air transportation from San Antonio, via Braniff 
★ Airport meeting in Acapulco 
★ Round trip airport-hotel transfers in Acapulco 
★ Applicable faxes it Flying Aztec Show 

 r 
I 
I 
I 
I 

Safariworld Travel 
U goo JV.E. Loop 41o, 
San Antonio, Texax 7821W 

FOR INFORMATION CALI (512) 828-5629 

PLEASE SEND ME MORE INFORMATION. 
(EN) 
Nam e__________________________________ 
Address________________________________ 
City____________________________________ 
State 

I 
I 
I 
I 
LUIZ 

Order early for mother and grandmother. 

Stones $3 each 
Mounting 
$4Q 5o 

> 
; 
.i * 

Center stone $5 
Smaller stones $3 each 
Mounting 
S5 5 o o 

Illustration enlarged. 
Stones $5 each 
Mounting 
$59So 

Fourteen-karat gold mountings to be set with the birthstones of children or grandchildren. Prices given for synthetic stones. Genuine stones avail­ able and priced according to the gem. Allow IO days for delivery. 
OPEN YOUR OWN ACCOUNT, 
Or use Master Charge, BankAmericardAmerican Express. 

CENTRAL PARK MALL 
341-4481 
WINDSOR PARK MALL 
654-6435 

Also in Dallas and Ft. Worth. 

San Antonio EXPRESS N E W S — Sunday April 1 7 1977 

Miss Fiesta due debut this week 

K A R E N RANDOL 

A 
Churchill 
High 
School senior heads the 
Miss Fiesta Galaxy ’77. and will make her first public appearance dur­ ing Fiesta this week. 
Miss Fiesta this year is 
Karen 
Handel, 
18. daughter of Mr. and Mrs. 
Ernest A. Randol, 718 
Serenade, in Harmony 
Hills. 
A beauty with brains, she is a top academic student and member of 

 the National Honor So­ ciety. 
A leader in her school’s various activities, Miss 
Fiesta is a varsity cheer­ leader and was chosen queen of the. 1976 state championship Chargers football team. 
Aside from being an honor student—she’s in the top IO per cent of her class—Karen says she likes to dance, water ski, sew, model and swim. 

Other members of this year’s 
Miss 
Fiesta 
Galaxy are: 
FIRST RUNNER-UP: 
Donna 
DuGosh, 
17, daughter of Mr. and Mrs 
Eddie DuGosh, 1827 SW 
Military Drive. She has been a rodeo queen, band queen, head majorette, plays the saxophone, piano and guitar, rides horses, and likes to cook and sew. 
SECOND R U N N ER ­ 

UP: 
Patricia 
Louise 
Reyes, IO, daughter of 
Mr. and Mrs. Richard R 
Reyes, 723 Indigo. Patri­ cia plays the clarinet, sings, likes to take care of youngsters and is a pre-med student. She likes to play tennis, sew and cook. 
THIRD RUNNER-UP: 
Ana Belia Acevedo, 18, daughter of Mr. and Mrs. 
Ernesto Acevedo, 124 Hill 
St. She is a member of 

 the National Honor So­ ciety, is on her school pep squad and science club. 
She Likes to swim, hike, travel and attend the movies. 

ALTERNATE: 
Barbara 
Sonnen. 17, daughter of 
Mr. and Mrs. Adolph 
Sonnen. She has been a homecoming queen and hopes to major in drama in college. Barbara is a 
National Honor Society 

 member and likes to act, sing, dance, swim, bowl, ride a bike and play ten­ nis. 

A LTERN A TE: Soma 
Sepulveda, 19, daughter of Dr. and Mrs. Jose T. 
Sepulveda, 124 Sunrise 
Drive. She plans to be a sociology major in col­ lege. Her hobbies include dancing, sports, swim­ ming and traveling. 
ALTERNATE: Sandra 

Luna, 2o, daughter of Mr. and Mrs. Richard H. 
Luna, 115 Meadow Path. 
A college sophomore, she is interested in data pro­ cessing and manage­ ment. Sandra’s hobbies are tennis and bowling. 
She plays the clarinet. 
ALTERNATE: 
Diane 

Cappuccio, 17. daughter of Mr. and Mrs. Allen 
DuBois, 158 Rosemont. 
She plans to major in communications is in college. Diane is in the 
English Honor Society, 
Junior Accountants, For­ um Club. She likes to swim, ski and write. 

 w 
COHOSMD ABOUT MUT LOSS? 
* 
II 

GENE TENACE 
Otafclond Athletic* 
O* Gmtw Tanana ta cm* of th* m any thai* h*v* r«r<nv«irl a T i*1 
% itv haw faytnoemunt from ft* U w q i 
H you want prof**- 
(tonal rtkuO< rjrvrm to th* profm'unnsM! H you wooW I* a to ffcv.il*' our P*t»nt«rt m «thoa* vim* no obligation, coll for an appowitmont 

WE GET RESULTS! 

Thp only Toxas Office with a procedure that you can be active with work or play without Regular Periodic 
Adjustments. Not a hairpiece or bonding ft glueing 

 procedure 

DONNA DUGOSH 
PA T R IC IA R E V E S 
ANA A C EY EIM ) 

\ f ■ I 

B A R B A R A SONNEN 

MPiACismr f\ZI P 
CHUTES 
I / p o A r„t*nt #1755*74 

8ooo Vantage 
Slide 1o5 
San Antonio, texas 

11 nm intwisted m a hen| 
I brorhijrn or It (rival* con sulfation w ith no obligation I 
I 
I NAME 
I 

(MN I | 
I 
I 

SONIA S E P U L V E D A 
SANDRA LUNA 
D IA N E CAPPUCCIO 

I 5th ANNUAL 

SAN ANTONIO CHARITY 
HORSE SHOW 
Presented by the Alzafar Shrine 
APRIL 13-17 
.'OE BREEMAN COLISEUM 
MAIN ARENA 

See the Champions of Champions — more than 7oo fop horses c o m p e t in g in these events — every show different. 

Roadsters to Bikes 
Hackney Ponies 
Arabians 
Saddle Horses 
American Saddlebow Horses 
Parade Horses 
Hunters 
Three & Five Gaited 
Tennessee Walking Horses 
Harness A Roadster Ponies 
Jumpers 
Shetland Ponies 

Tickets at Montgomery Ward - Wonderland, McCreless, Windsor Park 
Sears - Downtown, Central Park, Southside 
Joske’s - Downtown, North Star, Windsor Park, Las Palmas 
(Charge accounts at all stores) 

Box Seats $ 3 .7 5 
General Admission $ 1 .o o 
Children under 12 
SO C Daytime Shows SO C 

S h o w t i m e 
W e d n e s d a y through S a tu rd a y 
7s3o P.M . 
S u n d a y C ham pionships 
I ;3© P.M . 
For Horse Show Information, Call 696-4251 

F IE S T A E X C IT E M E N T T H R O U G H A P R IL 25 

Old Mexico photography display April 15-23. 

Also, the World's Largest Pinata of a bull & matador. 
AND 
North Star Mall is proud to feature 

 on 
A* on im on on 
OU 
•» 
%as tMandnifps 

A complete line of quality Latin American hand-made imports...from tasteful home- decorator accessories to clothing just right 

 for Fiesta Week or relaxing in the sun. 

»*•••••••••••« 

North Star Mall-342-2325 
Las Mananitas-349-7252 
Sci 

I 
Suite 1o5 
* ADDRESS................. -I q 
N 
San Antonio. D ia s 
I 
7ID 
| 4 

J 
Plump 349 62o9 i i ! ! _ 
_ 
_ 
_ 
_ 
_ 
_ l k 

J 
6o OFFICES THSOUGHOUT THE U S. ANO CANADA 
£ 
> # # # # # # # # # # : 

,s* cool king’s woes 

King Arthur probably never liar) it. so good. 
While his knights were out protecting damsels in distress, who was guard­ ing the poor king? 
You can bet the Texas 
Cavaliers’ King Antonio 
LV, Tim Word, won’t have that probiem during the Fiesta. 
Aides Lyman WVbb and Joe Dawson will be coordinating the king’s activities during Fiesta, and serving as body­ guards when throngs of people try to reach him. 
Night activity aide 
Webb, 47, says “ we assist him in everything he does. We get things lined up in his name. 
“ We go to all his ap­ pearances and help him carry out his activities during this week,’’ Webb said. 
Day aide Dawson, 41, said “ we help the king set his schedule and han­ dle the myriad and or­ ganizational details. It takes months to prepare it.” 

D e c e m b e r 
The pair have been working on it since De­ cember. 
The Cavalier king was crowned Saturday night at the Alamo. Now the work begins. 
King Antonio LV and his two aides will “ go to­ gether day and night and make public appear­ ances,” Webb said. 

“ The king will visit nursing homes, schools and hospitals and appear at events sponsored by other Fiesta commission member organizations,” he added. 

Dawson said the king will “ try to visit as many of the 63 member organ­ izations of the Fiesta 
Assn. during their festi­ vities as possible. 

Visit 

“ He’ll try to visit as many children as he can. 
The king will go to schools, hospitals and day care centers. He’ll make 7o or 8o public ap­ pearances,’’ 
Dawson said. 

On the schedule are 42 elementary schools. 
“ The children love to see the king. He’ll make a little talk and each visit will last about 2o min­ utes,” Webb said. 

“ We try to schedule different schools each year and one school may get a visit once every four years,” he added. 

As night aide Webb ar­ ranges all the evening activities at which King 
Antonio LV appears. 

Dawson, as day aide, schedules morning and afternoon appearances. 

“ The king is on the go from 8:3o a.m. to mid­ night nine straight days. 
That’s a lot,’’ Dawson added. 

BRAND 

FOR ALL 

The? tones Girl 

 fashions, inc. 

€VON 

FASHIONS BY MR. STAN 

B utte K nit 

O O I Q I N A L 

OU n 
DF TEX A S 

Jackson 
Square 

J ) h ip la h o r e 

MS. SUGAR, Inc. 

STAGE “7 a illu s io n o* Verm e I n c lu s io n in. 

 t m 

S P O R T S W E A R SSS# 

F A S H I O N S 

 aray u. 
LANE 

Bealls 

SOUTH PARK MALL 
IH35S AT S VV MUHAR* DR 
1o:oo A M TU 9:oo P M. MON -SAT. 

PLAZA DEL REY 
StGUIN, TiXAS 
1o:oo A.M. ‘Til 9.oo P.M. MoN.-SAT. 

CENTRAL PARK MALL loop 41o AT SAN PtORO 
1o:oo A M. Til 9,oo P M MON-SAT. 

WINDSOR PARK MALL 
IH 35 N. AT WAIZ SM RO. 
1o:oo AJA. TU 9:oo PJA. MON-SAT. 

CLASSIFIED D ISP L A Y 
CLASSIFIED D ISP L A Y 
Cl ASSIFIEO D IS P L A Y 
C LASSIFIED D ISP LA Y 

82nd Annual Fiesta...April 75-24 

EXECUTIVE 
SERVICE CENTER 
OFFICE EQUIPMENT 

SALES - SERVICE & RENTAL 

NORTHSiDE: 
6437 SAN PEDRO 
349-3928 

SOUTHSIDE: 
11o9 S.W. MILITARY DR. 
924-4875 

LIMON PRINTING CO. 
AT YOUR SERVICE! 

1714 W . Commerce 
224-8o46 

 m ar ton southw est realttj 

655-6848 

NEWBY’S HAIR STYLING 
Main Office 
4o1 Iso m Rd. Suite 3 1 o 
3 4 9 -2 2 7 2 

A N OLD TIME HARDWARE STORE 
W E SPECIALIZE IN H ARD TO FIND ITEMS 
W e Stock O ver 2o,ooo Item s 
Electrical - Plumbing - Paint - Etc. From Pipe To Bird Cages 
922-o361 
S a m ’s H ardw are & Paints 
1273 LAREDO H W Y. 

SATURDAY, APRIL 16 

♦All Day 
FESTA INTERNATIONAL COLLEGE RIFLE 
CHAMPIONSHIPS — St. Mary’s Universi­ ty (Continues Sunday) 

* 8:oo a.m. FIESTA SAN ANTONIO QRIENTERRING 
MEET — Camp Bullis 

* 1:oo p.m. FIESTA OYSTER BAKE - St. Mary’s Uni­ versity 

* 7:3o p.m. CORONATION OF KING ANTONIO LV - 
Alamo 

* 7:3o p.m. FIESTA OHARRA — Convention Center 
Arena (free but ticket controlled) 

SU N D AY, APRIL 17 

* 9:oo a.m. SPECIAL OLYMPICS — Alamo Stadium 

*1o:oo a.m. PEARL FIESTA GRANDE BICYCLE RACE 

* 4:45 p.m. BAND CONCERT & FORMAL RETREAT RE­ 
VIEW — Quadrangle, Fort Sam Hous­ ton 

♦Sundown 
FIREWORKS - Arthur MacArthur Field, 
Fort Sam Houston 

M O N D A Y , APRIL 18 

*1o:oo a.m. KELLY AIR FORCE BASE TOURS (Contin­ ues through Friday) 

* 4:oo p.m. 51st ANNUAL PIIGRAIMAGE TO THE 
ALAMO — Alamo Plaza 

6:oo p.m. 
LA SEMANA ALEGRE — HemisFair Plaza 
(Continues through Friday) 

7:3o p.m. 
FIESTA RIVER PARADE 

TUESDAY, APRIL 19 

*1o:oo a.m. ART SHOW on Alamo Plaza and the Riv­ er Walk (Continues through Thursday) 
1:oo p.m. 
FASHION & FLOWER SHOW - McAllister 
Auditorium 

5:oo p.m. 
9 7:oo p.m. AQUATIC EXTRAVAGANZA 1977 - Hem­ isFair Lake Pavilion 
5:3o p.m. 
“A NIGHT IN OLD SAN ANTONIO” - La 
Villita (Continues through Friday) 

* 8:oo p.m. THE CHORDSMEN - Concert at the 
Alamo 
* 9:oo p.m. MARIACHI FESTIVAL — San Antonio Riv­ er (Continues through Friday) 

W EDNESDAY, APRIL 2o 

* 9:oo a.m. A FIESTA OF SAN ANTONIO HISTORY - 
San Antonio College 

* 9:3o a.m. LACKLAND AIR FORCE BASE REVIEW OF 
TROOPS 

4:oo p.m. 
GERMAN GARDEN FESTIVAL - Beetho­ ven Home (Continues Thursday) 

8:oo p.m. 
CORONATION OF THE QUEEN OF THE 
ORDER OF THE ALAMO - Municipal 
Auditorium 

THURSDAY, APRIL 2 1 

*1o:oo a.m. CRAFT SHOW & SALE - Southwest 
Craft Center (Continues through Sun­ day) 

*12:oo noon "MARINES ON PARADE” — Alamo Plaza 

7:oo p.m. 
BAND FESTIVAL — Alamo Stadium 

FRIDAY, APRIL 22 

9:oo a.m. 
WRITERS FIESTA - Gunter Hotel (Con­ tinues through Sunday) 
1:3o p.m. 
82nd ANNUAL BATTLE OF FLOWERS 
PARADE 
6:oo p.m. 
FIESTAR GARDEN CONCERT - Beetho­ ven Home 
7:oo p.m. 
SQUARE AND ROUND DANCE FESTIVAL 
— Municipal Auditorium 
8:oo p.m. 
FEST BALL — Beethoven Home 

SATURDAY, APRIL 23 

♦All Day 
FIESTA INTERNATIONAL COLLEGE RIFLE 
CHAMPIONSHIPS - St. Mary’s Universi­ ty (Continues Sunday) 
* 8:oo a.m. LONE STAR INVITATIONAL DRILL MEET 
— Stevens Field, Trinity University 
* 8:oo a.m. FIESTA STAGE BAND FESTIVAL - Bur­ bank High School 
* 9:oo a.m. FIESTA SAN ANTONIO MISSION RUN - 
Mission County Park Road 
11:oo a.m. KING WILLIAM FAIR - King William 
Park Area 
* 1:oo p.m. FIESTA 
INVITATIONAL 
LACROSSE 
TOURNAMENT — Leonard Wood Field, 
Fort Sam Houston (Continues Sunday) 
7:45 p.m. 
FIESTA 
FLAMBEAU 
— 
America’s 
Greatest Night Parade 

SUNDAY, APRIL 24 

11:oo a.m. 
ISRAELI FESTIVAL — Aguda Achim Sy­ nagogue 
* 3:oo p.m. CHARREADA (MEXICAN RODEO) - San 
Antonio Charro Ranch 

Blanco Axle & Brake Service 

R.A. Duke D e lavan Jr. 

2522 Blanco Rd. 
732-2785 

TEXAS VOCATIONAL SCHOOL 
VETERANS INQ UIRIES WELCOME 
1913 SO. FLORES 
225-3252 
HAPPY FIESTA WEEK! 

WELCOME TO FIESTA LAND 

Howell Corp. Refinding Div. 

711 S. Presa 
533-8111 

NELSON CASH REGISTER INC. 
Since 197 J 

E le c tro n ic C a s h R e g is t e r s 

Authorized Dealer for Data Terminal System s & Sharp 
SA L IS - SERVICE - SUPPLIES 
3 o 15 Blanco Rd. 
7 3 4 -5 3 4 9 

Order of Sons of Hermann 

“Our N ation’s Oldest 
Fraternal Benefit Society” 

ELKINS INSTITUTE 
T E A C H IN G T E C H N IC A L C O U R S E S 
3o1 B R O A D W A Y SUITE 3 o o 
3 3 7 -6 5 4 o 
H A P P Y FIESTA HAY 

Mackeys Garage 

Used Auto Parts 

6 6 1 -4 2 6 9 (Eastside) 528 S. Foster Rd. 

CORONET CLEANERS 

Joe-Carrie, Owners 

119 Goliad Rd. 
534-o831 

GALLOWAY BEAUTY SHOP 

“ Latest Styling” 
Terri - O w n e r 
D orothy - O p e rato r 

4 4 3 6 V alle yfie ld 
3 3 7 -3 9 3 2 

LA FRONTERA MOLINO ll 

1311 CALLAGHAN RD. (corner of Culebra Rd.) 
6 8 4 -9 8 2 6 
BAR-B-Q SATURDAYS A N D SU N D A Y S 
CH ICHARRO N ES, TORTILLAS, TAMALES DAILY 
C LO SED M O N D A Y S - O P EN H OLIDAYS 

D RIV E RIGHT AU TO SERVICE 
GENERAL AU TO REPAIRS 
Tune-Ups - M ufflers 
Brakes - Shocks - W h eel A lignin g 
AIR C O N D IT IO N IN G SERVICE 
Bankam ericard - M aster C harge 
6 3 1 3 S. Flores St. 
9 2 4 -4 8 o 8 

ALAMO WINDSHIELD CO., INC. 
CU STO M R A D IO & STEREO INSTALLATIO NS 
In Car - Boat - Truck - Cam per 
All M ajor Brands At W holesale Prices 
Expert Auto Glass Installation & Air Conditioning Repair 
C.B. R A D IO S A U M A JO R B R A N D S 
6411 San Pedro 
M ain Office 
349-3211 
Branch - 1o12 N a v a rro 
224-5581 

‘Professional Musicians Discount 
S a r a ’s fra m e s 
O VER 5oo PATTERNS 
U DO IT • W E D O IT 
PRINT GALLERY 
828-6491 
2218 BR EEZEW O O D (north of sunset ridge) 

Gibson 

• PEARL 
• SHURE 
• PEA VY 
• RO GERS • SU N N 
• G IB SO N • JBL 342-3136 
6 2 o 9 SA N PEDRO AT EL M IO 
SALES 
M U SIC INSTRUCTION 

SUNN 
• VENTURA 
• A LVA R EZ 
• LU DW IG 
• FENDER 
• ARP 

SERVICE 

JOHN FLOURNOY 

14o7 JACKSON KELLER 

341-72o1 

RAY ELLISON 
INDUSTRIES 

GRACE ARNOLD 
1o15 Jackson Keller 

344-8348 

THE HAIR EJVIPORIUM 
441 M CCARTY 
3 4 1 -3 3 4 9 
Up to date styling with old fashioned courtesy. 
82o3 R ough Rider 
6 5 7 -1 1 2 3 
“WE CAN FIND THE JOB FOR YOU” 

SAN ANTONIO BRAKE & CLUTCH SERVICE 
AUTOMOBILE-FOREIGN CAR & INDUSTRIAL CLUTCHES 
NEW & REBUILT, Auburn-Borg & Beck LTD - Borg Warner & Ferado 
SAF-Fichtel & Sachs-lipe-Rolloway-Perfection & Spicer-Valve Touch- 
Rockford. 
SINCE 1939 
9o2 A VEN U E B 
2 2 6-o 2 54 

OLD M EXICO IMPORTS 
FINE LEATHER PURSES-HANDCRAFT & LEATHER GOODS 

POTTERY-TURQUOISE JEWELRY-ONYX-BASKETS 

PONCHOS-FLOWERS-HUARACHES ETC. 
I O I S. SA N T A R O SA 
2 2 2 -o o 7 2 

OAYE’S TEXA XO 
W re cke r Service - R yder Truck Rentals 
7 4 7 4 W . M ilitary at M arbach Rd. 
673-6141 

WELCOME TO FIESTA 
ACE REALTY 
R O SSO N PROPERTIES 
D A Y -R O SSO N 
349-8o65 
M A T A 
I A H B L S .A 4 

G R E A T 
A M E R I C A 
R E A L T O R S 
69o-98o2 

C om plete Term ite 
Pest Control 
CITY W ID E SERVICE 
PRICES QU O TED 
O V ER PH O N E 

534-3561 

OUR LADY OF VICTORY SCHOOL 
G rad es I thru 8 
2o2 South Grim es 
2 2 3 -8 7 7 2 
STAFFED BY SISTERS OF 
O U R LADY OF CHARITY 

HIGHFR STANDARDS OF PROFESSIONAL SERVICE 

BEULAH MAE KELLER & ASSOC. 
226 W IN D SO R 

736-oo15 
696-o437 
699-oo13 

San Antonio Truck Sales and Service 

G M C Trucks 

Peterbilt Trucks - Diamond Rec. 

881o IH-1o East 
661-4511 

Ferris Oriental Rugs 

Imported Linens and Art Objects 

41 2 E. Com m erce St. 
227-6591 

SANITARY MATTRESS FACTORY 
SINCE 1927 

24o o S. Flores 
226-3o31 

Mattresses-Renovating-Pillows-Comforters 

COMMERCIAL SERVICE AIR CONDITIONING 

“ R E A S O N A B L E R A T E S” 

2 2 6 -4 o 3 5 

Central Moving & Storage Inc. 

494-3471 
115oo North Loop Rd. 

Modern Moving with Tender Loving Care 

AX. ROSS & SON PAPER INC. 

W ELCO M E TO THE FIESTA & S A N A N T O N IO 
FROM 
THE O N LY LOCALLY O W N E D & OPERATED 
FINE PAPER CO. IN S.A. 
41 6 E LA CHAPELLE 
2 2 6 -7 2 3 7 

A-1 CABINET SHOP 
29o2 N. FLORES 
734-7678 

FOR BEAUTIFUL CABINET W O RK 
CALL US!!! 

RAV. SYM O N S 
& 
J.L. G U ZM A N • OWNERS 

[rowed] 

B ILL B A X I* TEXACO 
Reliable Auto Repairs 
Loop 4 1 o at Bandera 
6 8 4 -1 2 8 1 

221 O LM O S DR. W . 
824-4521 

JOIN IN THE FIESTA ACTIVITIES 

DELTA AUTO & TRUCK SERVICE 

COMPLETE DIESEL & ENGINE REPAIRS ON TRUCK, TRAILER & 

AUTOS FOR INDIVIDUALS & FLEETS - ALL TYPES WELDING - 

WHEEL BALANCING STAEE INSPECTION 

N.W. MILITARY HWY. 
492-21o1 
Dillard’s 

C entral Park - 3 4 1 -5 1 5 1 

W in d so r - 6 5 4 -3 1 3 1 

M ilita ry P la z a - 9 2 4 -8 5 1 I 

A B DICK COMPANY 
Reliable 
Plain Paper and 
Electrofax C opiers 
21o4 MANNIX 
828-2833 

APCO PAPER STOCK 
815 CERALVO 
434-o681 

Top cash paid for your old new spapers and corrugated. 

CENTURY REPLACEMENTS SERVICE 

INDIVIDUAL PLACING & ATTENTION 

153 VV. CENTURY BLDG. 
84 NE LOOP 41o 
3 4 9 -1 3 7 3 
H appy H appy F iesta!! 

HIGHLAND HILLS PHARMACY 

Prescription Service 
A W id e Variety of G ifts 

4oo6 Clark Ave. 
534-5441 

SANITARY MATTRESS FACTORY 

M attress-Renovation-Pillow s-C om forters 

24oo S. Flores 
226-3o31 

HIGHLAND BEAUTY SALON 

291o S. New Braunfels 
534-o351 

B-N AUTO SUPPLY 

Parts For Am erican-Foreign 
Open: Mon.-Fri. 8 to 6 
1o35 Hot W elts 
333-2424 

NORA’S HOUSE OF GLAMOUR 
“Specialize in Men's Hair Style” 
Open: 8:3o to 5:3o 
N o Appointment Necessary 

Owner: Nora Castillo 
3 586 Culebra 
4 3 3 -6 1 8 9 

FOOD SERVICE TRAINING INSTITUTE 
A N ew Training Program For Restaurant Person 
W ill Sponsor A I 5 M em ber Class 
For No Charge 
W e will hand select 15 individuals and train them at no charge to entertain while serving restaurant customers. 
NO EXPERIENCE NECESSARY-PERSONAUTY IS! 
Call M r. Burleson for an appointm ent 
3 4 9 -3 6 3 7 

STOP N GO MARKETS 

The M ost C onvenient Stores 

66 Locations to serve you 
E M K E ! 
THE QUALITY TEMPORARY HELP SERVICE 

96 Gill Rd. 
Suite 25o 
732-9765 

THE HAROLD J. LOTZ CLU AND ASSOC. AGENCY 

OF STATE MUTUTAL LIFE 

W K ISH E S Everyone A Happy Fiesta! 

6 8 o o Park Ten Blvd Suite 265 South 
732-9 7 41 

World s Largest 
V 
Employment Service 
96 Gill Rd. 
732-2261 
“WHERE NEW FUTURES BEG IN” 

ECoN-o-RESoURCES INTERNATIONAL 

A Full Service Placement Agency 
Locally owned and Managed 
Specializing in Employee Fee Paid Positions 
4 2 o 4 G ard e n d ale 
Suite 1o7 
6 9 9-1 o 15 

The Unique Jeweler 

For Taste, quality, and value in finer jewelry. . 
We are ready to serve you. 

P H IL M A L D O N A D O 

21 5 A lam o Plaza 

MEXICAN RESTAURANT 

N O G A L IT O S 

H ap py Fieslu W eek 
MISSION CITY IMPORTS 
3 8 2 o Son Pedro Ave. 
7 3 6 -2 2 4 3 

M e rce d e s-Benz-S A A B 

BICYCLES 
CHARLES A. JAMES CO. 
Since 192o 
Sales, Service & Parts 
213 N orth M ain 
2 2 6 -7 8 1 2 

VERACRUZ RESTAURANT 

Mexican— American Food 

Visitors: Come and See Us 

737 E. Houston 
223-o455 

" W E L C O M E T O F IE S T A ” 
ELBEL RADIATOR 
2146 BASSE 
344-6241 

W elcom e Fiesta Visitors 
C om e Eat W ith U s 
LINDA’S TACOS 
261o-2612 Commercial 
922-3425 

CAMELLIAS BEAUTY SALON 

Appointments Not Always Necessary 

O p e n Sun d ays 8 ’TIL N oon 

2 o 19 N. Z a ria m o r a 
7 3 2 -o 2 4 7 

JESSE’S TUNE-UP SERVICE 

37o3-2 Eisenhauer Rd. 
828 -165 o 

Jesse VV . Crapse 

"VVeleonie Fiesta V isitors*’ 

KERR’S M EXIC A N CURIOS 
428 E. Com m erce St. 
223 -4o 43 

KERR’S INTERNATIONAL CRUIOS 
Son Antonio R iverw alk 
2 2 4 -16 92 

THRASH AUTOMOTIVE 

Dependable Automotive Car Care 

Drive Shaft Service 

4 8 3 4 W e st Ave. 
3 4 2 -2 o 8 3 

PAUL MARIES DRIVE INN 
W e lc o m e F ie s ta V is ito rs 

SERVIN G THE BEST IN JUMBO 
FRIED SHRIMP & M EXICAN F O O D 
4 2 2 S. Z arzam o ra 
4 3 3 -9 4 1 1 

B ie nve nid os A N ue stra Ciudad 
N u e stro s a m ig o s de M e x ico 

JIMENEZ FOOD PRODUCTS INC. 
616 D elaw are 
532-63o3 

FRED LUDERUS TIRE SERVICE 

“A Complete Service Since 1945” 

425 San Pedro 
225-2823 

BAUMANN AUTO REPAIR Inc. 
2151 Cincinnati 
734-7241 
KT 

W ELC O M E F IE S T A C H IE M ** 

BLAIR’S BODY & PAINT WORKS 
James A. Blair, Owner 

141o N. COLORADO ST. 
733-9114 

Vieleom e lo Fiesta W e e k! 

A d d -a -ro o m 
R oofing & R e m o d e ling 

NORTHEAST BUILDERS 
1243 Parkridge 
349-4191 

‘‘Free Estim ates" Room Additions O u r Speciality" 

San Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— Sunday April 17 I 977 

I^WfSHWs, 

San Antonio EXPRESS-N EW S— Sunday April 17 1977 

 i&iii^si its ftsaniwwro 

 immmmmmmvmMm 

5ft 5ft 5ft ft ft ftftftftftftftftftfiftftftftft ft ft 555755j^ 

'-^rfTSWWQWmWr >\ > * 

!5ft65ffft5ftftoftft6ft56fi5P5«5S^7f5ffi 

M W W 

 iSftftftlfftfiftftftftftftfiftC rwvtivvvtfvvl 

5ft558ftftft8oP6ftflftfl5585ftfiftirofrfl 

 w m m 
WMMtfi S’.' 

- " 
' 
- 
•:■ :s v ,> 
••••-• 
' 

MEMBERS OF THE I st Cavalry Division’s Horse Platoon to perform I 873 drills 
Army to help in Fiesta for its 87th time 

Eighty six years have passed since the U.S. 
Army helped plan the first Battle of Flowers 
Parade. 
Since then, San Anton­ io’s military population has avidly supported what is now known as 
Fiesta. 
Headquarters 
Fifth 
U.S. Army, Ft. Sam 
Houston, will celebrate 
Fiesta this year by taking a step back in time at its annual 
“ Fiesta 
Fireworks” program, scheduled Sunday April 
17. 
Swashbuckling perfor­ mances with swords and cannons will be the order of the day when two his­ toric performing units of the U.S. Army appear in the annual Retroat/Re- view ceremony. 
The famed 1st Cavalry 
Division s Horse Cavalry 
Platoon of Ft. Hood and the U.S. Army Field Ar­ tillery Half Section of Ft. 
Sill, Okla., will partici­ pate in the ceremony, scheduled at 6:45 p.m., 
Fifth Army Quadrangle. 
At 7:25 p.m., the U.S. 
Army Band will present its initial Fiesta concert at the quadrangle. 
Horse platoon 
The horse platoon will follow with a presenta­ tion of action-packed drills and tactical man­ euvers on MacArthur 
Field. 
A living replica of a 

P FIESTA FLAMBEAU 
TICKETS— NO W 

ON ALAMO PLAZA 
BLEACHER SEATS 
$ 4 .5 o & $ 6 .5 o 
GRANDSTANDS 
$ 6 .5 o , $ 7 .5 o , $ 8 .5 o 

ON BRO AD W AY 
(AT I.H. OVERPASS) 
BLEACHER SEATS 
$ 4 .o o 
On Sole at oil Joske's Stores, 
The Municipal Auditorium, and 
319 Majestic Building OR; Mail 
"Check & Self addressed stom­ ped enveloped: 
Festival San Jacinto Assn. 

319 Majestic Bldg. 782o5 

IIII 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 

U.S. Cavalry unit IOO years ago, the horse-mounted platoon consists of 27 volunteers commanded by 1st Lt. 
Mark Cooper of Corpus 
Christi. 
The platoon’s equip­ ment, weapons and tack are either originals or handmade replicas of those used by the U.S. 
Cavalry in the early 
18oos. 
At sundown, the Half 
Section, perhaps the 
Army’s most unique field artillery unit, will stage a demonstration on Mac­ 
Arthur Field. 
Eleven men and eight horses will be outfitted with original equipment and uniforms which are exact replicas of those worn during World War 
I. 
Three years 
Provided by Ft. Sill’s 
Field Artillery Museum, three years were spent gathering the unit’s authentic gear, official equipment of the period. 
Three teams of horses will pull a 75 mm canon, a standard light field ar­ tillery piece used by the 
U.S. and French forces during the war. 
The Fifth Army Band will provide music throughout the after­ noon’s events, and a per­ formance by St. Francis 
Academy Drill Team also is scheduled. 

The post’s annual fireworks spectacular will be staged from 8:3o-9 p.m. at MacArthur Field. 

The public is invited to attend the entire “ Fiesta 
F ireworks” program at no charge. 
Rain 
In case of rain, the program will be moved to the following Sunday. 

Both the horse platoon and Half Section are scheduled to make an­ other appearance Friday, • 
April 22, at 1:3o p.m. in the 82nd annual Battle of 

Flowers Parade. 
The U.S. Army Band also will perform, leading the bands in the giant parade extravagan­ za. 
Known as “ Pershing’s 
Own,” the band was or­ ganized in 1922 at the re­ quest of General of the 
Armies John J. Persh­ ing. The band is led and commanded by Lt. Col. 
Eugene W. Allen. 
Other Fiesta concerts in which the band will participate include: 
Theater for the Perform­ ing Arts, 7:3o p.m. Tues­ day; Alamo Plaza, noon 
Wednesday; Sunken Gar­ den Theater, 7 3o p m 
Wednesday; 
Market 
Square, noon Thursday and HeinisFair Lake Pa v ii ion, 7 p.m. Thursday. 
Trumpets 
The U.S. Army Herald 
Trumpets, an element of the band, will provide a flourish of pageantry at 
7:3o p.m. Saturday, April 
16, when they open the coronation of King An­ tonio LV at the Alamo. 
Another performance by the trumpeters will follow at 8 p.m. at the 
Patriotic and Historical 
Ball at Villita Assembly 
Hall. 

On Monday, April 18, the Herald Trumpets will participate in the 51st annual Pilgrimage to the 
Alamo at 3:3o p.m., fol­ lowing up with a concert at 6:45 p.m. at Arneson 
River Theater as part of the Fiesta River Parade. 

Another element of the band, the U.S. Army 
Chorus, will join the 
Herald 
Trumpets 
Wednesday, April 2o, at 8 p.m. in Municipal Audi­ torium for the coronation of the Fiesta Queen. 

Other elements of the band include the 
Strolling 
^ Strings, 
Chamber 
Orchestra, 
Chamber Singers, Brass 
Quintet and Saxophone 
Quartet. 

 m n 

FROM SW ITZERLAND 

“The perfect gift for the special w o m an in your life to be cherished for years to com e!” 
OR 

A unique 
THORENS 
INTER- 
CHANGABLE DISC M USIC BOX 
MOVEMENT that can play dozens of Tunes. Solid Brass horn, m ahogany wood cabinet. 
Complete with starter set of five discs. 

 si r & 

THE THORENS DISC LIBRARY 
Over 
9o musical favorites have been recorded on discs for playing on Thorens In­ terchangeable Disc Music Box­ es. Sold in sets of five. 
Different Models to choose from! 

M r. Tim e’s 
YE OLDE CLOCK SHOPPE 
81o LOCKHILL-SELMA 
341-o328 
I BLOCK NORTH OF CENTRAL PARK OFF BLANCO 
OPEN 1o-6 TUES. THRU SAT. 
CLOSED SUNDAY A M OND AY 

EXPERT W A T C H A N D CLOCK R E P A IR 

San Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— Sunday April 17 1977 
Page’ 7-M 

We want to be your favorite store 

LADIES 
BRITANNIA 

PRICES GOOD MON. & TUES. 

REG. 3.97 

Short sleeve m achine washable polyester with placket front & pocket. White and colors. Sizes 32-38 

IAMES- CAUCHO SETS 

$ IO 

Gauchos are in! Ladies' 2 pc. 
Gaucho sets come in calcutta, polyester styles and come in solid colors in sizes 7-16. 

JR. BOYS' JEANS 
SIZES 3-7 .......... 

GIRLS' PANTS AND 
JEANS SIZES 7-14 .. 
4.97 
6.97 

PRINGLES 
POTATO CHIPS 
67 
REG. 79 

6%oz. 

/ y j r 

5o ct. 
FOAM CUPS 

3 
FO, ’ I 
$ 
FOR 
LIMIT 3 
REG. 69* 

I WI 

FUN SIZE 
MAM * “ 
CANDIES 
88*REG. 1.27 

S A V E 33% 

MENS 
DRESS 
SHIRTS 

3 
” 
1 
REG. 4.96 

COMMODORE 
CALCULATOR 

S h o r t s l e e v e polyester/cotton knits and wovens. 
S o l i d c o l o r s & stripes. Sizes 14’/2- 
17. 
499 WOOLCO 
PRICE 
SHOP THE EASY WAY AT WOOLCO "CHARGE IT! 

BED PILLOW 
ASSORTMENT 

2 , . ’ 6 
Fine polyester filled pillow s w it h a t t r a c t i v e t ic k in g . 
2 1 ‘x27” size. 

WEDDINGRING 
BEDSPREAD 
RODLESS 
BEDSPREAD 
1288 

TWIN FULL 
M achine w ashable. A sso rte d colors. Both twin or full size. 

88 

TWIN FULL 

W hite chenille, w edding ring d e sig n , tu ftin g on c o lo re d sheeting. M achine w ashable, rou n d ed co rn e rs w ith deep fringe. 

POLY-FILL 
FIBER 
27 
1 
REG. 1.67 
16-oz. bag of polyester fiber for stu ffin g . H urry in n ow and save. 
9 

REDMON 
HAMPER 
97 

REG. 12.97 
W oven wicker-look vinyl with padded vinyl top for convenient seating. Brown or white. 

 v a s elin e! 
INTENSIVE 
I CARE I 
LOTION 

15 OZ. 
I 
33 

REG. 1.67 

For over dry skin. Soothes and softens. By Vaseline. In tho 15- oz. unbreakable bottle. 

L IM IT 2 

STYLE 
2%-OZ. 
HAIR 
SPRAY 

I 

Contains nc^fluorocarbons. En vironmentally safe aerosol. In 
Regular or unscented. 

L IM IT 3 

PAN AVIEWI 
SLIDE VIEWER 
4 
99 

REG. 8.99 
Compact viewer for 35mm and super slides in 2x2 m ounts. 
Fold away metal stand permits comfortable hand or table-top viewing. 

 i i 
GAF 
DISNEY 
GIFT PACK 
79 

REG. 5.49 

All the favorite Disney charac­ ters in fun to look at reels. 
Com es with viewer. Lots of fun for the kids. Great gift. 

STAINLESS 
STEEL 
FLATWARE 
$ 
FOR I 
Select from either dinner knives 
& fo rk s, sa la d fo rk s, so u p spoons, etc. Hurry in now and save. 

GREEN 
IACMNE 
18“ 

Low slung, rear steering, twin steer bars. Ideal for the warm summer months ahead. 

12" ROUND 
FAMILY 
POOL PKG. 

* 1 2 6 
REG. 159.99 

Has top and bottom rails, and verticals. Aqua-Matic filter, sturdy 3- foot steel pool ladder. Heavy duty corrugated steel sidewalls. Vinyl liner. 

COMPUTE 
BRAKE 
OVERHAUL 

A U U.S. CARS 
DRUM TYPE 
5988 

HERE'S WHAT WE DO ON AU 4 WHEELS 

• instoll premium broke linings. 
• Resurface drums. 
• Rebuild wheel cylinders. 
• Replace brake hardware 
• Bleed flush and refill system 
• Inspect master cylinder. 
• Repack front wheel bearings 
DISC BRAKE 
OVUHAU! 

• Replace pads 
• Rebuild calipers 
• Replace hardware 
• Resurface rotors 
• Complete overhaul rear brake assembly 
69“ 

DISC FRONT 
ORUM REAR 

1o-GAL. 
AQUARIUM 
STARTER KIT 
988 

REG. 14.97 

Includes filter, floss, pump, tubing and more. 

RAWHIDE 
CHEWIES 
97 
REG. 1.97 

Chew bones, assorted ra­ whide pieces for your dog. 

WINFIELD 
BANANA SEAT 
4 
96 

REG. 6.49 
Banana seat bike seat. Durable vinyl cover. Available in assorted colors. 

BLACK & DECKER 
CIRCULAR SAW 
16 
66 

REG. 19.99 

1-hp burnout protected motor and 7 ’4“ blade to handle big cutting jobs with ease. #73o1. 

JET FLOW 
FLOOR ENAMEL 
5 
99 

GAL. 

Easy to apply. Long lasting, lo w -g lo ss finish resists hard wear and dries in 3o minutes. 

WOOLCO M AKES IT EASY TO SHOP 

 lUwautHiHib 
E U ] 
BSfiNi rWCMAKCC 
MOOI CO CAHO 
* Convenient Time - Payment 
* Convenient lay-Away Plan 

W O O L C O RESERVES THI RIGHT TO LIMIT Q U A N T IT IES— -NO T RESPO NSIBLE FOR T Y P O G R A P H IC A L ERRORS. 

IOO GILL RD. 
NUR WONDER LAND 
732-2211 

48o3 W IST 
COM M ERCE 
434-9481 

527 FAIR 
A V IN U E 
533-8166 

2214 S.W. 
M ILITARY DR. 
924-1441 

271o AUSTIN 
HWY. AT WAlZfM 
653-4461 

SHOP WOOLCO 9;3o A.M. TO 9:3o P.M. M ONDAY THRU SATURDAY 

BUY WITH CONFIDENCE! 

SATISFACTION GUARANTEED! 

If’U C M M OI HONEY ftlQLY IIW D IB 

 r f 

I 

San Antonio EXPRESS-N EW S— Sunday April I 7 1977 
Military music takes command 

There will be plenty of m u sic d u rin g F ie sta 
1977! 
H e a d q u a rte rs 
Air 
T ra in in g 
C om m and, 
Randolph AFB. is spon­ so rin g F ie sta a p p e a r­ ances by the U.S. Air 
F orce A cadem y Drum and Bugle Corps and the 
Air Force Reserve Bag 
Pipe Band. 
The H ighlanders, as the pipe band is more commonly known, will be one of the most unique attractions at Fiesta. 
Sgt. 
Jo h n 
C. 
G roppenbather is Pipe 
M ajor for T he H igh­ landers, who wear tradi­ tional Scottish uniforms, including kilts. 
The colorful nine-man band from W arner Ro­ bins AFB, Ga., will be a featured attraction at the 
Battle of Flowers Band 
Festival, 7 p.m . Thurs­ day, April 21, at Alamo 
Stadium. 
Drum and bugle 

The d ru m and bugle corps also will p a rtic i­ pate in the band festival. 
Established in 1971, the 
95-man, 5-woman unit is the nation's largest mili­ ta ry d ru m and bugle corps. 

Maj. Robert J. Wilcox lead s th e n atio n ally known group. 
Randolph ATC also is sponsoring appearances by the U.S. A ir F orce 
Academy Drill Team. 

The 4o-m an u n it, o r­ ganized in 1973, is com­ m anded by C adet l.C . 
Mark A. Nixon. 
The drill team , drum and bugle corps and pipe 

 i i 
" ga? | 

 band all will appear in the 82nd annual Battle of 
Flow ers P arade at 1:3o p .m . F rid ay , A pril 22, and at the Fiesta Flam ­ beau P arade, 7:45 p.m . 
Saturday, April 23. 
Additional appear­ ances by the drill team will include p arti­ cipation in the Lone Star 
Invitational Drill Meet at 
8 a.m. Saturday, April 23, at Stevens Field, Trinity 
University. 
River parade 
Randolph AFB will be represented by floats in the Fiesta River Parade, 
7:3o p.m. Monday, April 
18; the Battle of Flowers 
P arade; and the F iesta 
Flam beau Parade. 
Them e of R andolph’s land float is “ B a rn ­ storm ing,” a light-heart­ ed sa lu te to the h a ir­ raisin g aerial antics of yesteryear. 
Built by many civilian and m ilitary volunteers, the float will feature a bi-wing plane piloted by a daredevil who wants to im press three girls on a picnic. 
Enjoying the “ picnic” will be Miss R andolph 
AFB, Airman I. C. Jean 
C o llin sw o rth , and h er princesses, Sgt. Sandra 
Taylor and Miss Beverly 
Watts. 
In addition to parade a p p e a ra n c e s, th e R an­ dolph royalty will attend se v e ra l o th er F ie sta events as base represen­ tatives 
F ie sta fe stiv itie s at 
Lackland AFB will begin with a review of troops at 
9:3o a .m . W ednesday, 
April 2o. The event will be open to the public. 

.<$• - - 
A 
' 
'I 
- 
I.--'.; 

 pp 

THE H IG H L A N D E R S, a nine-piece b a g ­ p ip e unit fro m Robins AFB, G a., w ill b e fe atu re d a t se v e ra l Fiesta e vents 

J A S T 

WE DOfT 
SULA 
SECONDBEST 

[Hill 
S ts i sa via 
T am s—n o u n * t o m y lm -m m 
PEDRO AVE. 
225-2823, 225-2825 

Miss L ackland AFB, 
LL Janice K. McKibben, and princesses Lt. B ar­ b ara A. Ig ie lsk i, Lt. 
K arry e J a rn e tte and 
A irm an l.C . 
N olia 
Worthy will represent the base in the Fiesta River 

Parade. 
Miss Lackland and her princesses also will par­ ticipate in the Battle of 
F low ers 
P arad e and other Fiesta events. 
Representing Lackland in the Fiesta Flam beau 

P a ra d e are: the Air 
Force Band of the West; 
B asic M ilitary School 
Drum and Bugle Corps; 
Red B eret rill Team ; 
A ir 
F o rce 
M ilitary 
T raining C enter Honor 
Guard Drill Team; and a 

 barge bearing the base's 
“ royalty.” 
Brooks AFB will enter its “ Enchanted Hacien­ d a” float in the Fiesta 
River Parade, Battle of 
Flowers Parade and the 
Fiesta 
Flambeau 

Parade. 
The tw o-story flo at, featuring a real fountain, swans and guitar music, will carry Miss Brooks, 
A irm an l.C . 
A m ber 
Smith, on its balcony. 
Sgt. Calli C oulthard 

 and Airm an l.C. Sandy 
Mosley also will ride the 
Brooks float. 
Brooks' River Parade 
Float, based on a Viking them e, will c a rry the same three women, plus a combo from the Band 

 of the West. 
F or the second con­ secutive year, Kelly AFB will sponsor two 
12o-passenger m inibus trains to transport visi­ to rs on base to u rs througnout Fiesta week. 

Select a new bedroom group for the master or guest room and SAVE 

 rn 

 rn 

 i 

 ft v 

 r n 
T i 

 v;< 

 the Preferred Collection 
Furniture from A rm stro n g 

Save $1 19.97! Splendid 5-pc. traditional style Armstrong bedroom suite at a low price 

Beautiful pecan color finish set consists of full or queen size headboard, 5-drawer chest and triple dresser with twin framed mirrors. Draw ers are large; smooth vinyl wrapped interiors give extra protection to clothes-even delicate things w on’t snag. 
N ight stand optional at $ 7 9 .8 8 . 

Reg. $519.85 
$39988 
5-pc. set 

Save $ 1 1 9.9 7 ! Elegant transitional style 4-pc. bedroom suite by Armstrong 

First Family consists of a doored armoire, triple dresser with mirror and full or queen size headboard. Finish­ ed in pecan color finish. N ight stand optional at $ 8 9 .8 8 

Reg. $619.85 
$49988 

. ' < >r*r- - * -- i 
^ 
- 

A rm strong 
^134 

LA 

VV r f 

!. f i , 

Mi 

 s 

I if 
* I P iii 

Agr 
% 
% 

 ii 

// 

/ 

Save $7o.o7! Solid hardwood and veneer 4-pc. 
Traditional bedroom group by Hooker in oak finish 

■ 
•» 

Stately oak bedroom suite includes a large triple dresser with doored compartments and mirror, full or queen size headboard and a 5-drawer chest. 
Crafted of select oak veneers and hardwood solids. Commode optional at $1o9.88. 

 arotkin’s 

 b m Iws every houM « little m ore like hom e 

Reg. $769.95 
$6 9 9 88 

North Star 
Son Pedro 4 Loop 4 1 o 
3 42-2331 
Open 1o-9 Mm ., Thurs., hi. 
Open 1o-6 Tues., Wed., Set. 

O u r O w n Convenient Credit plus M aster C h a rg e " and V is a ” (BankAm ericard) 

B ro a d w a y 
9 8 o 3 B ro a d w a y 
8 2 4 - 9 4 o 2 
Open 1o-9 Mon., Thurs., Tri. 
Open 1o-6 Tues., Wed., Sat. 

D o w n to w n 
231 I. C o m m e rce 
2 2 7 -6 3 6 1 
Open 1o-6 Mon. thru Sat. except Thurs. kite till 9:oo 

B ig M City 
S. N e w B raunfels & f. Southcross 534-6181 
Open 1o-9 Mon.- Thurs.., Tri. 
Open 1o-6 Tues., Wed., Sat. 

Delivery and set-up at no extra charge within delivery area 

I 

Son Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— Sundoy, April 17, 1977_________ Poge 1-P 
Penney’s celebrates- 75th year 

Ray Marsh 
Vernon Vogt 
.district manager 
...manager, South Park 

As America begins its third century, the 
J. C. Penney Co. will celebrate 75 years of service to the American consumer. 

Founded as a small dry goods store in a Western frontier town, the company has grown into one of the retailing giants of the 2oth century with more than 
2.HIM) stores in the United States, Puerto Rico and 
Europe. 
In 1976, the firm opened 75 new stores and did $8.3 billion in business. 
In 19o2, James Cash Penney opened a cash-and- carry store in a small frame building in the coal mining town of Kemmerer, Wyo. He invested his entire savings of $5oo plus $1,5oo he borrowed to buy one-third interest in the 25-by-4o foot store. 
Penney called his store the Golden Rule and his idea was to apply the Golden Rule philosophy to business. Penney died Feb. 12, 1971 after seeing his idea evolve into the business J. C. Penney Co. is today. 
Subsidiaries 

Although the company serves consumers princi­ pally through its nationwide chain of JCPenney department stores and its rapidly expanding catalog service, it is also the druggist of millions through its 
Thrift Drug subsidiary; insurer of hundreds of thousands of others through its JCPenney life, health and casualty insurance companies and oper­ ators of 37 Treasury discount stores and a chain of supermarkets. 
In addition, Penney has extensive retail operations in Belgium and Italy under the names of Sarma and 
JCPenney. 
Merchandising pioneer 

When Penney named his first stores the Golden 
Rule, he knew it meant pioneering a new merchan­ dising idea, radical in the cutthroat competition of the early 19oo’s. 
He was determined to sell merchandise at prices as low as possible and introduced the then novel idea of one price to all, no haggling. 
Many sales at small profits, he reasoned, were better than a few sales at large profits. Quick tur­ nover of merchandise gave him a continuous flow of working capital. 
Penney’s first customers soon learned they bene­ fited from his idea — values at the Golden Rule were better, prices lower. In the first year in that little store, homemakers bought 
$28,898.1 1 in merchandise, a remarkable amount for a store of that size at that time. 
Spread store ideas 

From the beginning. Penney hoped to spread his storekeeping ideas to other small communities. He wanted to build a small group of Penney stores operating under partner-ownership. 
He hoped eventually to build “ not a chain of stores, but a chain of men held together by an idea.” 
A key to the company’s growth has been its ad­ herence to basic policies and operating methods. 
The Penney Co. uses its know-how to provide value, quality and satisfaction; ask a fair profit and not all that the traffic will bear. 
The company continues to reward its men and 

 women associates through participation in the pro­ fits of the business. 
While each store adapts itself to the needs of the community it serves, the central office in the 
JCPenney building on New York’s Avenue of the 
Americas is organized to provide whatever a Penney store needs to do business. 
Watch developments 

The JCPenney buying offices and the company’s merchandise testing center as well as consumer affairs, customer relations and quality assurance divisions keep tabs on new developments. 
As fast as desirable new products are developed, they are tested, checked and offered to Penney stores. In this way, individual store management is relieved of the searching and researching required in the operation of an up-to-date department store. 
In recent years the firm has added a product design department, which has greatly influenced the outward appearance of the company and its mer­ chandise. The company hopes to be recognized for its youthfulness, fashion awareness and good taste, as well as innovation. 
New Penney lines 

Adhering to its founder’s urging to give customers their full dollar’s worth of quality, Penney's has increased the selection of merchandise carrying the 
JCPenney private label through the addition of new lines. 
In the early 196o’s, Penney introduced kitchen and laundry appliances in a number of limited number of stores. In addition to exclusive design, the com­ pany now offers a complete assortment of ranges, washers, dryers, dishwashers, television sets, radios and phonographs. 
Adding still more to its traditional soft lines, 
JCPenney entered the tire, battery and automotive accessory business and now operates more than 44o auto centers throughout the country. 
The company has been credited with developing many outstanding merchandise items including the maintenance-free JCPenney battery, the Aramid- belted radial tire and the sales and service of CB equipment. 
Other new lines 

Penney’s has also developed other new lines of merchandise in leisure and sporting goods, home improvement and home furnishings products. 
As the company introduced and expanded its lines of hard goods, it also improved its traditionally strong lines of soft goods, broadening assortments and emphasizing fashion. 
New methods of distribution, including use of computers, are bringing about greater efficiency in maintaining proper inventory levels of basic mer­ chandise lines. 
The firm operates catalog distribution centers in 
Columbus, Ohio, Atlanta, Ga. and Milwaukee, Wise. 
These units serve the eastern two-thirds of the 
United States and plans call for catalog service to be nationwide by the early 198o’s. 
The progress will go on, encompassing more and more American families, because the Penney Co. believes there are no limits for a business whose aim is to raise the living standards of the people it serves. 

KEEPING up with fa­ shion trends occupies the time of hundreds of Penney’s asso­ ciates. The J. C. Pen­ ney Co. has clothing for every member of the family, enabling the family to buy their clothes in one place at one time. There are six 
San 
Antonio 
JCPenney stores with two more planned by 
198o. 

SOFT LINES have been an integral part of the J. C. Penney 
Co. since the first store opened in 
19o2. In 1918 Pen­ ney’s began market­ ing goods under its own brands, such as these J. C. Penney towels. 

Bob Bowen, 
...manager, Windsor Park 
Ed Dickenson 
...manager, McCreless 
Donald Guest 
....manager, downtown 
Bob McClain 
...manager, Northwest 
Tom L. Roberts 
...manager, Terrell Plaza 

JAMES CASH PENNEY 

San Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— Sunday, April I 7, 1 9 7 7 
Penney contributed retail innovations 

Jam es Cash Penney, founder of the 
2,ooo-unit department store chain, was credited with numerous contributions to American retailing. 
High among these contributions was one of the first profit sharing p ro­ gram s. He insisted that his people share in the business as partners, as owners with him. His employes were all associates, a term that is still part of the Penney way of life today. 
Jam es Penney was his own traveling quality control lab. In his early days in the New York market, he used his ho­ tel room to personally test every item 

 or garment considered for resale. 
The JCPenney merchandise testing center and quality control program s are among the best in retailing. These two departments comprise the quality assurance division with more than 15o associates. 
Even though Penney had withdrawn from active management in 1917, he served the company as a director and good will ambassador until his death. 
One of Penney’s ambitions was to live to be IOO. Although he was in good health, he suffered a fall in his home in 
January, 1971 and died Feb. 12 at 95. 
Dream came true 9 times 

Thirty years ago, Ray Marsh, a J. C. Penney’s men’s work clothing salesman in Corpus 
Christi, dreamed only of be­ coming a store manager. > 
Now he finds himself the new San 
Antonio district manager, responsible for not one, but 29 area Penney outlets, with two more on the way. 
A native of Tennessee, Marsh joined the firm through a relative’s sugges­ tion. 
“ I was in Corpus Christi visiting my uncle,” Marsh recalled. 
“ He strongly recommended I talk to the local store manager, having heard there was a good trainee program for young management aspirants there.” 
T hree days late r he was selling 
Penney’s m en’s work clothing. 
Prove yourself 
“ You had to prove yourself in a lot of ways to be approved for management, and one was to be a good salesman,” he said. “ If you passed that test, you went to trainee and so on. 
“ You climb the ladder one rung at a time, trying to improve yourself and I think that's what makes the Penney firm so strong today, promotion from within and dedication toward each other.” 
M arsh’s rise was steady and, su r­ prisingly, all within Texas, a fact of which he approved, having adopted the state early in his career. 
In 196o, Marsh, then sales and m er­ chandise manager, arrived in the Ala­ mo City for a three-year stay before moving on to Fort Worth. 
U kes SA life 
“ I had the intent of returning here seven years ago,” he said. "My family and I love this part of Texas. We’re attached to it and the style of living here that we like very much.” 
J. C. Penney Co., according to 
Marsh, feels much the same way. 
“The reason we are building in the 
San Antonio m arket is we feel this market has tremendous potential for sales growth, in its economy and ex­ panding population,” he said. 

“ We think the opportunities are vast here.” 
To prove his words, the d istric t manager points to plans for a new full-line JCPenney store to be built by 
1978 in the new Ingram Mall at IH41o and Ingram Road. 
Eight Penneys planned 

Another full-line store will be fin­ ished in the San Antonio area by 198o, the exact site as yet to be selected, bringing the total number of San An­ tonio Penneys to eight. 
The six stores currently in operation 
— Windsor Park and South Park Mall are full-line operations — employ ap­ proximately 1,2oo local workers and do 
“ a substantial amount of sales.” 
As manager for a district from Waco to Brownsville to Conroe to Victoria, 
Marsh supervises sales promotions, m e rchand ising activ ities and the working of warehouses, stockrooms and retail stores. 
“ It’s all in the operations of Penney from buying of goods to selling of them,” he sums up. “ After all, that’s the definition of a merchant.” 
Marsh reached his goal of becoming a store manager in 1966 at the Fort 
Worth store. 

One of finest jobs 

“ I was very happy and still think it is one of the finest jobs in the company,” he smiles. “ It was a very fulfilling experience, feeling you had full parti­ cipation in the company, feeling it was your store. 
“ It is very satisfying to know you have a place of belonging and your employes have a feeling of belonging, too.” 
Even as a district manager, he still deals with the buying public a lot, just as he did selling men’s work clothing. 
“ I spend 4o weeks a year talking to the customers, to the associates and ... listening a lot.” 
Does he m iss directly running a 
Penney’s store? 
“ Perhaps, but now' I feel I have 29 stores and my managers and I are full partners in all of them.” 
Job o f a buyer no simple task 

This year Dick Swiney will buy about 48 million pairs of socks. 
He ll pick out nine million pairs of dress socks, 12 million pairs of work socks, almost IO million pairs of ath­ letic socks and the rest in fashion co­ lors, even a few thousand p airs of argyles. 
Dick Swiney of New York City is not your above-average sock freak. He’s the m e n ’s hosiery buyer for nearly 
1,7oo JCPenney department stores. 
Swiney is representative of about 3oo buying experts at the company which ordered more than $8 billion in m er­ chandise for home and family last year. 
Swiney’s job could sound quite sim ­ ple: buy socks from the m a n u ­ fa c tu re rs, ship them to JC Penney stores, then sit back and hope someone buys them. 

"I wish it were that easy,” Swiney says, “ but even buying something as basic as plain black socks requires the efforts of hundreds of people to make sure we offer our customer what she wants w hen she wants it at a price she thinks is fair.” 
Most customers female 
Swiney and other JCPenney buyers refer to the customer as “ she” because women do most of the d e p artm ent store shopping. 
“ One survey we’ve seen says women buy up to 8o per cent of the m e n ’s underwear and hosiery in our stores,” 
Swiney observes. “ Thus I’ve got to be sure our merchandise appeals to the person buying it as well as the one who will wear it.” 
One of those appeals is quality. 
Swiney and his counterparts utilize customer preference surveys, industry data, a produce design department and corporate testing laboratories to set sp e c ific a tio n s for m a n u fa c tu re of 
JCPenney-brand products. 
Manufacturing plants are visited to m ake su re p ro p e r eq u ip m en t and techniques are used to produce goods at a proper quality level. JCPenney q u a lity a s s u ra n c e insp ecto rs spot check shipm ents at the plant to see 
{hat specifications are met. 
Quality variables 
“ Even a simple sock has many qua­ lity variables to be monitored,” says 
Swiney. “ I have to ask many things to decide what we offer our customers: will dv es run or fade in rep e a te d washings? How tightly should yarns be 

} 

 knitted to give warmth, ventilation and elasticity? How much elastic is needed to make the socks stay up without binding? 
“ Most importantly, I have to ask, 
‘Will the customer consider this pro­ duct a good value for the price?’ Once all this is figured out and confirmed, we sign a contract for production,” he says. 
Fashion is another consideration. 
Buyers m ust be alert to em erging trends and act quickly so customers can find the right look when fashion is utmost in mind. 
Apparel buyers are in the m arket­ place almost constantly, deciding what will be big in coming seasons. Regular communication between stores and buyers helps determine if a fashion trend is local, regional or national so the buyers can decide how much to order. 
Fashion is important in all types of merchandise today, whether it’s ap­ parel, home furnishings or even auto­ motive goods. 
Rely on staff 

“ We rely on store m anagers and staff a great deal for fashion informa­ tion. The stores are closest to the customers and can tell us what will sell best in their particular area,” Swiney says. 
* 
Stores get leads by observing what community trendsetters are wearing, what other stores begin to offer and by talking with custom ers to see what they want. 
Merchandise buyers add something else to the formula that leads to a final buying decision — experience. 
Swiney’s experience dates back to 
1958 when he joined JCPenney after graduation from Fordham University and duty as a Marine Corps officer. 
He spent several years as a buyer’s assistant for ties, belts and sweatshirts before being nam ed buyer of m e n ’s knitted shirts. In early 1976 he was named hosiery buyer. 
“When I started, you got your exper­ ience in the buyer’s sample rooms sort­ ing new m e rch an d ise and le a rn in g everything you could from the buyer who supervised you,” he says. 
“ Today our buyer trainees spend 18 months in a program of formal instruc­ tion and closely monitored on-the-job training to attain their initial level of expertise.” 
Others consideratio ns the bu yers cope with are packaging, m arketing and advertising. 

Our 
First Edition pants are first in 
San Antonio 

Knit pants in proportioned sizes. Average petite, tall. only 
$ o 

Our First Edition go with everything. Are pull-on styled with elasticized waist band. 
Stitched crease. Lots cf colors. 
Sizes 8-1 8 

Extra size sportswear doesn’t have to be drab 

Charge it, use your JCPenney charge card. 

Take a look here. Nothing dull or drab about this. 
Bright prints. Lots of colors. G reat coordination. 
Easy-care. And they’ve just your size. 

Sashed, shortsleeve polyester print top. 

Sizes 3 8 -4 4 

First Edition polyester double knit pull-on slacks 
$ I 

Sizes 3 2 -4 o 
I 

JCPenney 
Our Great 75th Anniversary 

McCreless • Northwest Center • South Park Mall • Windsor Park Mall • Terrell Plaza • Downtown 

 rn 

 mm 

 rn 

FW:: : : ' ' ’: ’ \ :- r ' 

■ 

 r n 
Compare l l 

 r n today’s 
* best selling 

• jeans with our 
Plain Pockets ™ jeans 
The big difference between us and them is the pocket. 
And the price. 

Son Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— Sunday, April 17, 1977 
M u mw— w ?— 

J. C. Penney Co. offices are headquarter© building in N e w Y o rk City 
J. C. Penney 
From poverty to merchant prince 

-sto ry 

Pockets 
On ly $1o. 

What’s more important? What someone else stitches on the pocket or what you have left to put in it? Especially when it’s the same indigo dyed cotton denim. The same flare leg styling. The same good looks and great fit of the best selling jeans. The big difference is the pocket. And the price. 

Men s sizes 28-42. 

Boys’ Plain Pockets 

Waist sizes 24-3o. 
JCPenney 
Our Great 75th Anniversary 

McCreless • Northwest Center • South Park Mall • W indsor Park M o ll • Terrell Plaza • D o w n t o w n 

Ile was called one of the last 
“ merchant princes” of history. 
James Cash Penney was a plain, de­ vout man, born arid raised in poverty on the Missouri frontier. 
In 19o2 at age 26, he opened his first store in Kemmerer, Wyo., a small mining town. The department store chain he founded, now one of the na­ tion’s largest corporations, still bears the indelible mark of his personality, 
The son of James Cash and Mary 
Frances Penney, he was born Sept. 16, 
1875 near Hamilton, Mo. He was one of 
12 children, six of whom lived to adulthood. His father, a farmer on weekdays, preached on Sundays. 
The family was poor, and your * Jim 
Penney had to earn his own way be­ ginning at age 8. After school, he ran errands, famed and showed trading talent in various ventures of his own devising. 
After graduation from Hamilton 
High, he became an apprentice clerk in the dry goods store of J. M. Hale and 
Brother in February, 1895. His entire salary for the year was $25. 
Moved west 
Next year it jumped to $2oo. But his tather had died, leaving the farm and home heavily mortgaged. Redoubling his efforts, young Penney soon strained his health. On doctor's orders, he went west to Denver. 
After clerking briefly in several 
Denver stores, he used his entire sav­ ings to buy a butcher shop in tin1 small town of Longmont, 4o miles away. 
When Penney refused to bribe the chef at the local hotel with a boule of whiskey as requested, he lost the ho­ tel’s business and failed. 
Without funds, he sought a clerk’s job in the dry goods store of T. M. 
Callaghan and Co. He got the job which eventually led to fame and fortune, 
Penney has been credited with ori­ ginating the idea of a store chain in which each manager has the practical autonomy of a partner. 
Refused credit 

However, Penney gave credit to Cal­ lahan and his partner. Guy Johnson, who planned to create in a number of stores in small Rocky Mountain towns, each managed by a partner rather than an employe. 
Ambitious and tireless, Penney first worked for Callahan in Longmont, then for Callahan and Johnson in the partners’ store in Evanston. Wyo. In 
19o2, he opened the Golden Rule store in Kemmerer as the firm ’s third partner. 
The local bank advised against the move, since three previous efforts to compete with the store operated by a mining firm had failed. The company store offered advance credit against wages. 
The miners were usually in debt to the store and often received little or no cash on payday. 
Despite these handicaps, Penney did a brisk business from the day he opened. He offered many small items and emphasized maximum service. 
Although he adhered to a strict cash policy, he soon was outselling the company store. 
Penney’s founded 

\ 
* 
He supervised establishment of two more stores in RockNSprings and 
Cumberland, Wyo., then was given a chance to buy all three when Johnson land 
Callahan dissolved their 

 partnership in 1971) The J.C. Penney store chain was launched. 
By 191(1, there were 14 stores; by 
192o, 27. Today there are more than 
2,ooo JCPenney department stores in the U.S., Puerto Rico and Europe, along with discount-type stores, su­ permarkets, drug stores and insur­ ance companies. 
The firm employs nearly 2oo.ooo associates, as the company calls its employes. 
Many features of the early days still characterize the chain. 
Store managers enjoy autonomy, and the chance to share in company profils continues to he a potent motivating factor. 
Penney was president of the firm until 1917, when he became chairman of the board. In April 1958 at age 82, he stepped down as chairman, but con­ tinued as a board member until his death. 
62,ooo miles 

Throughout his career, he remained prodigiously active. For example, at the age of 84, he attended 51 store openings in 24 states, gave 165 major addresses in 23 states, participated in 
27 major radio and television pro­ grams and clocked 62,ooo miles of travel during 19o days out of his New 
York office. 
He enjoyed waiting on customers and often did just that when visiting stores. 
One day, he fitted a family with shoes while they told him how much they enjoyed shopping at Penney stores. “ I ’d like to meet Mr. Penney some day,” said the father. Penney rose, extended his hand and said simply, “ I am Mr. Penney.” 
Penney had a remarkable memory. 
Although he met untold thousands of people, he seldom forgot a name or a face. He recognized customers after intervals of as long as 5o years. 
Meeting people again after a lapse of decades, he would remind them of small incidents from their last en­ counter. 
Farm experimentation 

Thanks to his Missouri background, lie retained a lifelong interest in farming, establishing several large farms in New York and Missouri for experimental breeding of livestock. 
The New York farm was incorporat­ ed under a charter that made .it the property of the University of Missouri. 
Although his formal education ended with high school, Penney received honorary doctoral degrees from 15 
American colleges and universities. 
In his adult years, he became deeply concerned with what he felt to be his lack of formal education. For two years while he was hoard chairman, he devoted almost half of his time to in­ tensive instruction in classics and hu­ manities. 
In later years, lie became a prolific writer of hooks and pamphlets, in­ cluding his autobiography, “ Fifty 
Years with the 
Golden 
Rule.” 
“ Lines of a Layman” and “ View from the Ninth Decade." 
His religious interests continued strong throughout his life, and he was a founder and benefactor of many re­ ligious charities. 
Integrity and observance of the Gol­ den Rule in business dealings charac­ terized his long and active life. 
He died in New York City at the age of 95 Feb. 21. 1971. 

o & i4 * c , * 

* rn 
' 5 mtst wmmlfaim 

Poge 4-P_________ San Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— Sunday, April I 7. | o 7 7 

 tried to conduct business accordingly 
J.C. Penney bench marks, 

It 
1 1 n t * i t 
» ! 
*» Jl 

* I i , 
I 

, t i . 

'•» 
I ’ 
I* 
I 

1 1 
I . 

 i t 

1 1 i I 

, » t § ll 
♦ / 

 i c : 
✓ 

19o2 — 
1977 

’ENNEY personally deliveredlm iidSnij^iiinounciii^ftte tore’s opening and policies 

19o2 — James Cash Penney opens the 
Golden Rule dry goods store on April 
14 in the frontier coal mining town of 
Kemmerer, Wyo., population 1,ooo. 
First day sales reach an impressive 
$466.59 at a time when men’s shirts sell for 49 cents and ladies’ dress skirts for 
69 cents and up. 
19o3, 19o4 — Penney buys an interest in a second store at Rock Springs, 
Wyo., and opens a third in Cumber-, land. Wyo. 
Introduces partnership idea which later becomes the basis for company’s profit sharing plan. The idea of a chain of possibly 25 stores begins to take shape. 
1911 — Sales of all 22 stores reach $1 million 
1913 — The Golden Rule stores are incorporated as J. C. Penney Co., ena­ bling the company to establish its own identity and standards of integrity. 
1914 — The com pany moves its headquarters from Salt Lake City to 
New York City, to be closer to the sources of supply for its soft line goods. 
1917 — Penney opens its first store east of the Mississippi in Watertown, 
Wise. 
Earl C. Sams, 33, a salesman and la te r m anager of the Cum berland store, succeeds Penney as president. 
1918 
— 
Company launches development of its own brands, such as 
Pay Day work clothes, which have since joined others in becoming hou­ sehold names. 
These include Gaymode women s hose, Towncraft’s men’s suits, furni­ shings and accessories, 
Penncrest appliances and electronics, Penncraft tools and hardw are and Forem ost sporting goods and automotive pro­ ducts. 

192o — This is the only year in com­ pany history Penney fails to make a profit, because of drastic markdowns on wartime merchansise. 
Penney starts 1921 with new m er­ chandise and lower prices. 
1924 — Albert W. Hughes, later to become the third Penney president, as a store manager is advised by presi­ dent Sams that his store is making too much profit. 
“There is a certain service that we owe to our community,” Sams writes, 
“ and it is one of the fundamental ser­ vices that we want to give, which is merchandise at a fair profit.” 
Penney opens its 5ooth store in J. C. 
Penney’s birthplace, Hamilton, Mo. 
1926 — Penney sales pass $1oo mil­ lion. The company occupies executive and buying headquarters at 33o W. 34th 
St., New York. 
1927 — Penney opens its first subur­ ban shopping center store four miles from downtown Portland, Ore. 
1929 — Two stores, one in Portland, 
Ore. and the other in Spokane, Wash., become the first to achieve million dollar sales in one year, while the company continues its expansion by acquiring 139 more stores. 
Penney common stock is listed on the New York Stock Exchange. 
193o — Penney’s research and test­ ing laboratory opens and ultim ately becomes one of the largest and best equipped facilities in the country for consumer end-use testing of textiles. 
193o-36 — Penney is one of the few large corporations to show a profit and pay dividends throughout the depression. 
It finds new opportunities for expan­ sion in existing departm ent store 

Super Denim jeans for boys’and girls’. 

Our roughest, toughest, longest wearing jeans. 

Girls’ Super Denim * jeans with braided waist, saddle stitching, back yoke. Polyester/brushed cotton in lots of fashion and basic colors, including faded blue 
Girls’ sizes, 7-1 4. 

Boys’ western-styled Siper Denim 5 jeans are 
Dacron 5 polyester/cotton with fire bottoms, riveted front pockets, reinforced knees up to size 12. For sizes 
8 to I 6 regular and slim. 

Sizes 3 to 7, 5 . 5 o 

Charge it, use your 

JCPenney charge card. 
JCPenney 
Our Great 75th Anniversary 

M cereless • Northwest Center * South Park M all • W indsor Park M all • Terrell Plaza • Downtown 

Little gills’ Super Denim * jeans with saddle stitching, two front pockets, and elastic back waist. Polyester/cotton in navy, sand, blue, and green. Slim sizes 4-6X. 

A towel worth getting a hold on. 
W ith absorbent combed cotton on the outside for fast dry- o ff s and cotton/polyester on the inside for long wear. Snuggle up! It s big enough to go around everybody! 

Bath towel, 2 5 " x 5 o ” , $5 

Hand towel, 16 x 2 8 " , 3.5o 

W ashcloth, I 3 ” x I 3 " , 1.5o 

Bath sheet, 3 4 " x 7 o " , 
$ 1 1 

JCPenney 
Our Great 75th Anniversary 

McCreless • Northwest Center • South Park Mall • W indsor Park Mall • Terrell Plaza • Downtown 

THE FIRST DAY of business was brisk in the Golden Rule, 
April 14, 19o2 

S&lA ntonio EXPRESS-NEW S— 
Sunday, A pril 17, 19 7 7 

The 
JCPenney 
Towel. 

25x5o inches big. 
Almost a pound of looped terry toweling. 
In terrific colors. 

J. C. Penney 

 buildings through the use of leases based on percentage of sales. 
1946 — E arl C. Sams becomes chairm an of the board. A lbert W. 
Hughes, who started as a salesman at 
Moberly, Mo., succeeds him as presi­ dent. Penney continues as a director and honorary chairman. 
1951 — Company sales for a single fiscal year top $1 billion. 
1958 — Credit selling, an innovation for the Penney Co., is initiated. 
Hughes is elevated to chairmanship of the board. William M. Batten, who started as a salesman in 1926 in Par­ kersburg, W. Va., succeeds him as president and chief executive officer. 
1962 — The company announces plans to enter the mail order field through the acquisition of General 
Merchandise Co., a Milwaukee-based firm. 
Penney sales exceed $1.5 billion for the first time. 
1962 — As part of the General Mer­ chandise acquisition, the company ac­ quires one Treasure Island store in operation and a second under con­ struction in Wisconsin. 
Initially utilized as an experimental laboratory for merchandising meth­ ods, these stores are prototypes for a nationwide network of The Treasury stores competing with discount stores in major metropolitan areas. 
196.3 — The first Penney catalog is issued. 
The company opens its first full line store in King of Prussia, Pa., and its first auto center in Melbourne, Fla. 
These are prototypes of the hundreds of department stores and auto centers to be opened by the company in the next decade in the nation’s m ajor markets. 
1964 — Company’s annual sales ex­ ceed $2 billion. 
William M. Batten is elected chair­ man of the board and chief executive officer, replacing A. W. Hughes, who retired. Ray H. Jordan is named pre­ sident. 
Penney moves to its New York cor­ porate of headquarters from 34th 
Street to a new 45-story office tower at 
1361 Avenue of the Americas. 
1966 — The company acquires two insurance companies, renamed J. C. 
Penney Insurance Co. and J. C. Penney 
Life Insurance Co. 
1967 — The company sells its first accident and health policies through its newly acquired insurance com­ panies. 
1968 — Annual sales top $3 billion. 
The company acquires 2o per cent interest in Sarma, S. A., Belgian re­ tailing chain, as its firs t step into 
Europe. 
C. L. W right is named president, replacing Ray Jordan, who retired. 
1969 — The company acquires Thrift 
Drug Co. of Pittsburgh, a chain of drug stores in Pennsylvania and neighbor ing states. 
Company establishes J. C. Penney S. p. A., a new Italian retail organization to develop chain of department stores selling apparel and home furnishings. 

Company expands its interest in 
Sarma to 98 per cent. 
197o — Annual sales pass $4 billion mark. 
Company acquires Supermarkets 
Interstate, Omaha-based food retailer operating leased departments in The 
Treasury and other stores. 
Company acquires Great American 
Reserve Corp. of Dallas. This South­ western insurance and financial com­ pany provides an expanded insurance base and injects the use of salesmen into Penney’s insurance marketing program. 
1971 — James Cash Penney, the company’s founder, dies at 95. 
Catalog operations become profita­ ble for the first time. 
Company opens two stores in Milan, 
Italy, the first under Italian subsidiary 
J. C. Penney S. p. A. 
1972 — Annual sales rise above $5 billion. 
Jack B. Jackson is named president, replacing C. L. Wright, who retired. 
1973 — JCPenney achieves first bil­ lion dollar month in December as total annual sales pass $6 billion. 
At year end, the company operates 
2,o53 retail units including more than 
3oo fu ll line JCPenney department stores and auto centers. 
Company begins construction of a third catalog distribution center, a two million square foot facility in Colum­ bus, Ohio. The other two units are in 
Milwaukee and Atlanta. 
The Educator & Executive Co. is ac­ quired and the company enters the ca­ sualty insurance field. 
1974 —- Donald V. Seibert is elected chairman of the board and chief exe­ cutive officer, replacing W illiam M. 
Batten, who retired. Jack B. Jackson continues as president and chief oper­ ating officer. 
Company opens third catalog distri­ bution center at Columbus, Ohio, and begins construction of fourth in Len­ exa, Ran., near Kansas City, scheduled to open in 1977. Purchase of fifth site near Reno, Nev., is announced. 
JCPenney serves eastern two-thirds of United States with catalog through more than 1,3oo catalog sales desks in retain stores. 
1975 — Annual sales top $7 billion. 
Three m illion shares of common stoc k are sold in first public offering in company history. 
1976 — Walter J. Neppl is elected president, succeeding 
Jack 
B. 
Jackson, who retired. Lee S. Moore replaces Neppl as executive vice pre­ sident. 
Annual sales top $8 billion. 
Company adds 75 new stores. At year end, the company operates 2,o5o retail units, including more than 4oo full-line 
JCPenney department stores and auto centers. 
1977 — Company announces capital expenditure program of $265 million, mainly for 6o new JCPenney stores and 
26 drug stores. The company will open its fourth 2,ooo,ooo square foot catalog distribution center in Lenexa, Kan. 
Work is in progress on the Reno, Nev. catalog center, scheduled to open in 
1979, and preliminary work has begun on a sixth center in Manchester, Conn., with opening planned for 198o. 

PENNEY’S w ife helped him count receipts from the first day’s business 

Po ga 6 P 
San Antonio EXPRESS NEWS—‘Sunday, April 17, I 977 

JAMES PENNEY tested textile samples in his hotel room in the e arly I 9 o o ’s 
Quality tests conducted on merchandise 

NEW YORK - A special breed of mercantile detectives, dedicated to protecting the consumer, has been an integral part of the merchandise testing program at J. C. Penney Co., 
Inc. more than 4o years. 

At one time, such testing centered on the firm ’s traditional lines of soft goods. But with the company’s expan­ sion into new lines, many of them so­ phisticated electrical and mechanical appliances, the role of these consu­ merism sleuths has been expanded, with new research instruments added and new skills developed for testing new products. 
Approximately 86 technicians staff 
Penney’s merchandise testing center, which ranks among the best equipped consumer product testing facilities in the country, according to Jerry Olek- siw, manager. 
Two floors at the JCPenney head­ quarters at 13o1 Avenue of the Ameri­ cas are devoted to improving the qua­ lity of merchandise. The company also operates a 2oo-acre site in Connecticut for testing outdoor and motor-driven equipment. 

1oo,ooo tests yearly 

Researchers at the center conduct up to 1oo,ooo tests annually on most criti­ cal merchandise categories. 
“ There are a number of standar­ dized procedures for testing pro­ ducts,” said Oleksiw, “ but when none exists, we create our own test methods. 
“ We did this when stretch fabrics were introduced. Since there was no testing yardstick, we developed a spe­ cial stretch board which since has been adopted by other testing centers.” 
The testing center is divided into sections, each of which has a specific testing function. 

Simulation chamber 

The tropic-arctic chamber can create temperatures ranging from -3o to 15o degrees Fahrenheit, simulating conditions from desert dry to satura­ tion humidity. 
The purpose is, for example, to de­ termine how refrigerators and air conditioners will operate in the most trying summer weather, or how snow- blowers start and run in a sub-zero winter storm. 
The home electronics testing section is one of the best equipped in the country. Analysis of electronic equip­ ment is made inside specially shielded 

 rooms constructed to eliminate out­ side interference. 
A huge push-pull machine at the testing center can create forces up to 
12o,ooo pounds or 6o tons in compres­ sion or tension. 
It tests structural strength of a wide variety of products from lawn furni­ ture and bicycle frames to hydraulic car jacks and tools. 

Major appliances 
In a specially constructed room, major wet and hot appliances such as hot water heaters, ranges, washing machines and dryers are tested for safety, performance and endurance. 
One year of use in the wet room equals about IO years of home use. 
In a model experimental kitchen, a home economist tests JCPenney ap­ pliances under everyday conditions to determine how homemakers will react to them. 
The grounds of the 2oo-acre test site in Connecticut are used to test power mowers, chain saws, tractors and sporting goods in rigorous field tests. 
The site includes a 45-acre lake used to test such merchandise as pumps, boats and outboard engines. 
Fabric testing plays an important part in the merchandise testing center’s operations. Scientific appara­ tus can simulate during a few hours the conditions a product will face dur­ ing years of wear. 
A miniature “ sun” in a cabinet tests for fading. An abrasive device checks durability. Steel “ hands” probe for fabric weakness and a “ perspiromet- er” checks effects of perspiration. 

Other equipment 

Other equipment at the center in­ cludes the following: 
—high-low temperature cabinet, where the thermometer dips to -6o degrees to test performance of plastics and auto batteries. 
—weather-o-meter, which produces adverse weather conditions to test durability of protective coatings, paints, shingles and roofing materials. 

—salt fog chamber, where rust re­ sistance of automotive and boat acces­ sories and painted outdoor furniture is tested. 

—a miniature “ cloudburst” ma­ chine, which determines water resis­ tance 6f materials. 

—the atomic absorption spectropho­ tometer, which detects the presence of lead and other metal substances in dinnerware glaze and other finishes. 

4 ! o % off 

 choice group of custom woven woods 

Crisp uncluttered look that are perfectly suited to contemporary rooms. Versatile too; use them as room dividers. Choose from dozens of colors and combinations. 

2o% off all our custom vertical blinds. 
The greatest thing to happen to windows and room decor in years. Choose from an incredible array of colors to add a touch of new drama to your home. Side or center draw. 

A PENNEY’S technician watches controls as appliances are tested in the tropic-arctic chamber 

Why wait to look great? 
Cut up or curl up at very special prices. 

The Curve Cut special 8.88, For men and women. For no-nonsense, liberated hair that always keeps its shape. Blow dry and con­ ditioner included. 

Balsam Plus special 12.88. Gives soft, long­ lasting curl with built-in balsam protective conditioners. Shampoo, cut, styling included. 
Mon., Tues., Weds. only. Charge It. 

Phone 923-5461 or 654-1565 
The JCPenney Styling Salon 

Celebrate! 
April is diamond month. 
And ouren tire stock is 2o% off. 

Reg. $149. 
Bridal set has 
14K gold dia­ mond engage­ ment ring, matching band. 
Sale $119.2o 

Reg. $375. 14K gold diamond and ruby earrings. 
Sale $3oo 

Reg. $56o, 14K gold trio: 4 diamono 4 sapphire ring Match­ ing bands. Sale $528. 

Reg. $275. 14K gold diamond cocktail ring. 
Sale $22o 

Reg. $85o. 14K gold starburst cocktail ring. 
Sale $68o 

Reg. $895. 
Men’s 14K gold diamond ring. 
Sale $716 

2o% off our entire stock of diamonds, includes only that jewelry where diamonds constitute the largest value. 
JCPenney 
Our Great 75th Anniversary 

South Park Mall and Windsor Park Mall Stores only 

Charge it, use your 
JCPenney charge card. 

Son Antonio EXPR ESS-N EW S— Sunday, April 17, 1977 
The new JCPenney 
Aramid Belted Radia 
Full 2 yr. warranty. with full replacement regardless of mileage. 
Plus added warranties against road hazards, and tread wear up to 44 months. 

Aramid! The tire fiber thafs stronger than steel. 

Our new radial tire is so rugged, we’ve given it our first full two year warranty. It s belted with an amazing new fiber called 
Aramid that pound for pound is actually stronger than steel. 
Other outstanding features: polyester radial ply body, special sidewall stabilizers, 7 rib tread design and whitewalls. 

The new JCPenney Aramid Belted Radial. It could make steel belted radials obsolete. 

Tire size 
Price 
+ fed. tax 
BR78-13 
_ $55 
2.oo 
DR78-14 
$6o 
2.27 
ER78-1 4 
$65 
2.41 
FR78-14 
$69 
2.54 
GR78-14 
$75 
2.69 

Tire size 
Price 
+ fed. tax 
HR78-14 
$81 
2.88 
GR78-15 
$77 
2.79 
HR78-1 5 

CN 
OO 

2.96 
LR78-15 
$91 
3.28 

No trade-in required. 

JCPenney ARAMID BELTED RADIAL WARRANTY 

FULL 2 YEAR WARRANTY for your private car 

 lf this JCPenney Aromid Belted Radial Tire becomes unserviceable, we will replace it free, 

 regardless of mileage. This warranty applies only to tires used on private passenger tors and 

 other non commercial vehicles. Just return it to the neorest JCPenney facility for prompt service, 

 for the addresses of ICPenney facilities in your area, refer to your local telephone directory, lf 

 there is no JCPenney facility in your area, write to Carole Winslowe, J.C. Penney Co., Inc., Product 

Service Deportment, 13o1 Avenue of the Americas, New York, New York 1oo19 This warranty 

 gives you specific legoi rights, and you may also have other rights which vary from state to state 

Limited Warranty on Road Hazards and Defects in Material and 
Workmanship Extending Between 24 Months of Use and Last 2/32 Inch of 
Tread Remaining. 

 lf this JCPenney Aromid Betted Radiol Tire fails due to road hazards or defects in material or 

 workmanship after 24 months of use, we will, at our option, repair or replace the tire, charging 

 only the portion of the then current selling price that represents treade used (plus total Federal 

Excise Tax on the replacement tire). This warranty is no longer effective when the tread 

 indicators appear in the tire showing that only 2/32” of tread remains. This warranty applies 

 only to tires used on private passenger cars and other non-commercial vehicles Just return it to 

 the nearest JCPenney facility. To help us serve you better, pleose return this document with the 

 tire. 

 for the address of JCPenney facilities in your area, refer to your local telephone directory lf 

 there is no JCPenney facility in your area, write to Carole Winslowe, J C. Penney Co., Inc., Product 

Service Deportment, 13o1 Avenue of the Amencos,New York, New York 1oo19. Some states do 

 not all the exclusion or limiotion of incidental or consequential damages, so the above limiation 

 or exlusion may not apply to you. 

This warranty gives you specific legal rights, and you may also have other rights which vary from 

 stole to state 
The JCPenney Battery. 
The last battery your car will ever need. 

$49 with trade-in. 

The revolutionary JCPenney Battery. It has no filler caps because you never have to add water. Corrosion is virtually eliminated. And it s the most powerful battery of its size available for passenger cars. Sizes 24. 24F. 74, 
27. 27F. 77. 22F, 72. to fit most American cars. Group size 
42 which fits most Volkswagens and Audis. 

Meet the managers 
Vent Vogt, South Park 

Vernon Vogt is combine advertising chairman for JCPenney stores in the 
San Antonio market. 
He began his career in 1949 at the 
Beatrice, Neb. store. Four years later he was promoted to department manager in Lincoln, Neb. In 1958 he- was moved to Kansas City as assistant 

 manager. 
Vogt became a store manager in 1961 in Shenandoah. Iowa, where he served five years before moving to regional catalog manager in Denver. Two years later Vogt was named Denver district manager before moving to South Park 
Mall in 1974. 
Bob Bowen, Hind so r Park 

Bob Bowen started with JCPenney as a trainee in Texas City 24 years ago. 
His next move was to Lubbock and a promotion to department manager. 
Three years later he was on the road again, this time to Dallas, where he took over as assistant manager. 
Since 1964, Bowen has managed 

 stores in Lufkin, Oklahoma City, Si­ keston, Mo. and Windsor Park. 

He and his wife Alice have two children, Leslie, a Baylor graduate who is now a Houston accountant, and 
Bruce, a medical student in Columbia. 
Mo. 
Ed 
Dickenson, McCreless 

Ed Dickenson will culminate 43 years of service to JCPenney when he retires Oct. I. He began his Penney’s career in Denton in 1934 while attend­ ing North Texas State University. 
He was transferred to Fort Worth as a department manager in 1942. 1943 saw Dickenson in the Marine Corps on military leave from the company, as an electronics instructor and attend­ ing the University of Utah. 
After military service. Dickenson returned to Fort Worth until his pro­ motion to assistant manager of the 

Oklahoma City outlet, and later to the same position in Knoxville. 
Dickenson’s first managerial posi­ tion came in Pasadena, Texas, in 1954. 
He returned to Oklahoma City in 1958 to manage the store where he was previously assistant manager. Four years later he opened the McCreless 
Shopping Center Penney’s. 
Dickenson and his wife Helen are active members of the Woodlawn 
Christian Church. He is a trustee and former chairman of the board and president of Boysville. 
Donald Guest, Downtown 

Donald Guest started as a trainee in downtown Fort Worth 18 years ago. He was promoted to department manager, moving to Lubbock iii 1962. and then to 
Brownsville five years later. 
He served as merchandise manager 

 in Victoria beginning in 1968 before being appointed assistant manager at 
McCreless. In 1974 Guest took over the downtown San Antonio Penney’s. 
Don and his wife Jo have two chil­ dren. 
Bob 
McClain, Northwest 

A salesman was Bob McClain's first position with Penney’s, starting in 
Sulphur Springs, Texas. He later served as assistant manager in the 
Ruston, La. and Miami. Okla., store's. 
The next step was to Shreveport as a division manager in 1956 before mov­ ing to general merchandise manager 

 in Tulsa in 196o. The Oklahoma City 
Penney’s was McClain’s first mana­ gerial position, although he has since filled the same job downtown and at 
Northwest Center. 
He and his wife Patsy are the par­ ents of Jon, a sophomore at Texas 
„A&M University. 
Tom 
Roberts, Terrell Plaza 

Tom L. Roberts is the newest of the local Penney’s managers, having 
.joined the firm as a trainee in 196o in 
Bogalusa, La. He was promoted to department manager in Mobile, Ala., in 1966, and then filled the same posi­ tion in Valdosta, Ga 
1969 found Roberts in Victoria as a 

 division manager, and two years later he arrived in San Antonio to be sales manager of the Northwest Center store. Roberts managed the Uvalde 
Penney’s before returning to San An­ tonio to his present position, where he has served since 1976, managing the 
Terrell Plaza store. 

Learn the secrets of furniture care. 

M eet Expert 
FAYE TUTSCHKE 

Staff m em ber of Homer Formby 
Furniture care specialists. 

DO YO U W A N T TO REFIN ISH W ITH O UT S A N D IN G , STRIP- 
PIN G , ST A IN IN G , O R SE A LIN G : Then attend one of our free clinics and learn how easily you can refinish and repair furniture with Formby s new one-step method of furniture refinishing. 
Fay Tutschke will demonstrate the easy-to-use 
Formby methods to remove water rings, yellowed layers of wax, and cigarette burns. She’ll discuss furniture refinishing and repairing, wood bleaching, brass cleaning, proper finishing for wood, dent and scratch filing, and answer your questions about the care and repair of your furniture. BR IN G A DRAW ER 
OR EASY-TO-CARRY PIECE O F FURNITURE FOR EXPERT ON- 
THE-SPOT DIRECTIO NS O N BEAUTIFUL RESTO RATIO N . 

Attend one of these free clinics: 

For other great buys, shop the JCPenney catalog. 
JCPenney 
Our Great 75th Anniversary 

M O N D A Y , APRIL 18 
South Park Mall 
I p.m. and 7 p.m. 

TUESD AY, APRIL 19 
Windsor Park Mall 
I 2 noon and 7 p.m. 

Charge it, use your 
JCPenney charge card. 

Available only at South Park Mall and Windsor Park Mall. 

 ft 

75 years ago this week 
James Cash Penney opened his first store in Kemmerer; Wyoming. 

Today everything has changed except what’s important. 

On April 14, 19o2, James 
Cash Penney unlocked the door of his new store and started the business. He was 
27. He’d been in dry goods since he was nineteen. 
“ I went to work in Hale’s store 
(J.M. Hale & Brother, 
Hamilton, Missouri) at the age of nineteen. The sum of $2.27 a month was certainly modest pay. But I felt strangely contented. I knew if I could get into something connected with dry goods, I could sell. At least I’d found my work in life.” 
Penney had to leave Hale’s store and Hamilton because of his health. A doctor sent him off to Colorado (which must have been good advice; he lived to be 95). 
He got a job in Longmont, near Denver, with a retail chain of several stores. 
“ I wasn’t interested so much in the wages I would get or bothered by long hours. I was looking for opportunity.” 
He found it. The firm sent him to work in their Evanston, 
Wyoming store, then gave him a shot at his own store, in 
Kemmerer. Opening day was 
April 14, 19o2. At dawn. 
“When we locked the store at midnight and went upstairs to our attic room after the first day’s business to figure out 

Fashion. From an early Penney newspaper ad. 

 how we stood, there was an astonishing—to us—wealth in pennies, nickels, dimes, quarters, and half dollars. Our first day’s sales amounted to 
$466.59.” 
The “we” and “our” in Mr. 
Penney’s quotes refer to Mrs. 
Penney. 

Second Kemmerer store. In 19o4. Penney moved his store to a “better location" but he took the mud puddle with him. 

The "Mother Store." This pretty storybook store is an artist’s conception, drawn from the only existing, very fuzzy photograph of Penney’s first store. In the real world of 19o2 Kemmerer, nothing was very "pretty". Penney describes’^ permanent mud puddle in front of the store." 

Fashion. 

At the end of the first year, the tant to us and to you today store had done $29,ooo worth of as they were to James Cash business. By 19o7, Mr. Penney 
Penney and his customers had saved enough to buy out on that famous opening his partners and the company day of April 14, 19o2. took off. In 1913, 36 Golden 
Thank you for reading all 
Rule stores were incorporated these words. We probably as the J.C. Penney Company. won’t run another ad like this 
This was the year “The till April, 2oo2. Watch for it. 
Penney Idea” (at right) was adopted. 
In 1924 the company acquired its 5ooth store, J.M. 
Hale & Brother in Hamilton, 
Missouri. Remember? In 1941, the company opened store number 16oo. 
The number of stores was no longer a meaningful measure of company growth. Bigger stores replaced smaller stores. 
The company moved into more types of merchandise, went into the catalog business, acquired other businesses. 
In 1971, James Cash Penney died. The only ambition he had that he didn’t achieve was to live to be a hundred. He only missed by 5 years. The company he founded is 75 years old this week. 
Generally we look ahead and focus on the changes in the 
Penney Company. There’ve been plenty of them. But on a birthday—and a 75th birthday to boot—it seems appropriate to talk about the things that never change, because they’re grounded in the basic needs and wants and expectations of human beings. 
There are things you expect from your Penney store that haven’t changed at all—like getting good value for your money, like being treated as the welcome guest you are, like getting complete satisfaction if ever anything goes wrong. 

From a current Penney ad. 
All these things are as impor- 

Adopted 1913 

M IN* 
To serve the public, as nearly as we can, to its complete satisfaction. 

O it! -V 

To expect for the service we render a fair remuneration and not ail the profit the traffic will bear. 

CS 
To do all in our power to pack the customer’s dollar full of value, quality and satisfaction. 

-N34N* 
To continue to train ourselves and our associates so that the service we give will be more and more intelligently performed. 

3 C k - v 
CS 
To improve constantly the human factor in our business. 

To reward men and women in our organization through participation in what the business produces. 

To test our every policy, method and act in this wise: “Does it square with what is right and just?" 

In the year 1913 the Penney partners approved this code of principles to guide them. “The 
Penney Idea" became, and is today, a moral as well as business basis for decision-making. 

Part of the James Cash Penney legend. Testing samples of fabric with soap and water in his hotel. 

Painting of Mr. Penney against backdrop of Kemmerer. Wyoming. 

“ My wife worked in the store side by side with me as much of the time as she could, wrapping the baby in a blanket and putting him down for naps under the counter while she waited on customers.” 
Opening day was no fluke. The store continued to do well. 
“We were soon so busy that we had to hire help. 
Whereas the company stores of the mining company treated their customers rather callously, in our store the people were quick to notice a different atmos­ phere, which made them feel welcome and appreciated. 
They realized that we sold goods at just one price and gave good values. 
“These were people who took the saving of so much as a penny seriously. To save pennies for them we had to save them for ourselves. We threw away no wrapping paper, no short ends of string, no empty boxes, no nails, even though they were bent, because we could straighten them out and use them over again.” 

JCPenney. Everything has changed except what’s important 

•1977 JCPwwwy Co toe 

ASSOCIATED PRES:! 
ATLANTA — Gary'^Latthews drove in two runs with loaded single in the seven! ning Saturday night, giv in g i^ e 
Atlanta Braves a 4-3 victory over the Houston Astros. 

M atthew s’ third consecutive hit came off Houston reliever Ken Forsch and scored Rowland Office and Willie 
Montanez. Both had been walked by reliever Joe Sambito, o-1. 
Forsch then walked Jeff Burroughs to load the bases before M atthew s drilled his single to center field. 

 lose 

The victory enabled rig h th a n d e r 
Andy Messersmith, who gave up eight hits, to even his record at 1-1. 
Houston tied the game at 2-2 in the 
‘top of the seventh on Joe Ferguson’s second double of the night and a pinch-hit triple to right by Ken Bos- 

 well. After the Braves’ rally, Ferguson brought the Astros within a run with a two-out, ninth-inning home run. 
Atlanta scored twice in the second when Matthews walked, Vie Correll was hit by Astro starter Doug Kon- ieczny, and both scored on Pat Rock­ ett’s single through the middle. 
TV, RadimLog 

TELEVISION 
11:45 a.m. (Ch. 41) — Soccer. 
Noon (Ch. 12) — World Series of 
Women’s Tennis from the Racquet 
Club Ranch in Tucson, Ariz. 
12:3o p.m. (Ch. 5) —• NBA on CBS’ 
Playoff Doubleheader. 
1 p.m. (Ch. 9) — Grand Prix Tennis: 
Winter Circuit — The Jewish Com­ munity Center Palm Beach Tennis 
Classic. 

2 p.m. (Ch. 4) — Women’s Interna­ tional Golf: Final round action from 
Moss Creek Plantation in Hilton Head 
Island, S. C. 

2 p.m. (Ch. 12) — ABC’s Wide World of Sports: Champions All-Gymnastics 
Competition from London, England; 
World Acrobatic Diving Champion­ 

 ships; Chain Tigure Eight Stock Car 
Race. 
\ 
2 p.m. (Ch. 41) — Knockout: Boxing 
Highlights. 
3:3o p.m. (Ch. 12) — Tournament of 
Champions Golf: Final Round from 
LaCosta Country Club in Carlsbad, 
Calif. 
4 p.m. (Ch. 4) — Grandstand: Profile on Montreal Canadiens; Look at Revo­ lutionary Scoring System tor Boxing. 
7 p.m. (Ch. 5) — Celebrity Challenge of the Sexes: Women compete against men in golf, bow li^, go-karts, bicycle racing, billiards,Sw im m ing, tennis and other events. 

I p.m. 
Astros vs "J, i ft. i: 
LIO 
(WOJT, 12oo) - 
Atlanta Braves 
Houston 
Ic ikPs 

HORTH STAR MALL 
349-6464 

Spur writer J e ff G rossm an co vered 
84 Spur gam es iii 21 states and 2 6 different cities, 
Fie traveled over 
1 o o ,o o o air m iles and w rote ap p rox­ im a tely 1-m ile o f c o p y . H is sto r y today gives som e o f the Spurs’ views o f the season. 

By JEFF GROSSMAN 
OF THE EXPRESS N EW S STAFF 

The end is always sudden. It can be no other way. 

“ This morning I woke up and really wanted to go to prac­ tice,,” said Mark Olberding. “ I had this empty feeling in my stomach. 

“ So I just laid there and looked at the ceiling.” 

“ I can’t believe it’s over,” sighed Allan Bristow. “ I don't believe it’s over. 
“ It ended so quickly.” 
The Spurs’ season expired at 9:52 p.m. on Friday, April 15, by virtue of a 
2-o playoff loss to the Boston Celtics. The final score for the final time was, 
113-1o9. 
It started in the sweltering heat of two-a-day workouts at Blossom 
Athletic Center and ended just five days short of seven months later. 
It included stops in 28 cities, over 1oo,ooo miles in the air and countless early breakfasts and late dinners. 
It took them to the bitter cold of Buffalo, the fog of Seattle, the dry climate of Phoenix and the snow of Milwaukee. 
More than anything else, it was a season of high plateaus and bottomless pits. Tw ice the Spurs won six games in a row. Three times they lost four in a row . 
“ The exposure to the playoffs was a great experience for the team .” said 
Olberding. “ It’ll help us next year. And I think we made a lot of believers out of people who weren't sure about the quality of the ABA teams. 
“The disappointing part was our inconsistency. We had so many ups and downs. What I’d like to see next year is more consistency.” 
Indeed, the Spurs could be selling more playoff tickets if their worst 
“down” of the season had not come at the end. Five of their six last regular season games were losses. 
The chance for the home court advantage as well as the possibility of facing Cleveland was lost. San Antonio was 2-2 against Cleveland, o-6 

NEW YORK (AP) - ABC-TV dropped the United States Box­ ing C ham pionship Saturday pending a full-scale investiga­ tion of the various allegations concerning false records, rank­ ings and kickbacks. 

The ABC sports action of suspending telecasts of the tournament had the affect of suspending the tournament. 
ABC has put up the $1.5 million total purse m oney for the to u rn a m e n t promoted by Don King. 
ABC’s announcem ent cam e abut three hours before the scheduled 3:3o p.m. CST, start of three tournament semifinal bouts in Miami. 
Telecast 

However, the network did telecast two three-round exhibitions by heavyweight champion M uham m ad 
AH. The tournament fights, including a heavyw eight bout betw een L a rry 
Holmes and Stan Ward, were replaced by three other 1o-rounders. 
ABC Sports said in a statement that it has agreed with its legal counsel, 
Hawkins, Delafield and Wood and 
“ that it is imperative that the law firm appoint a totally independent special investigator with impeccable law en­ forcement credentials to head up the investigation. The appointment of such a person will be announced shortly.” 
An investigation of charges has been in the hands of the U.S. Boxing Cham­ pionship committee, headed by Jam es 
A. Farley Jr., chairman of tlTc New 
York State Athletic Commission. A federal grand jury in Baltimore also has been investigating charges made in conection with the tournament. 

Louis 

King said at a news conference in 
Miami after the ABC action was an­ nounced that he “ has agreed with 
ABC-TV Sports to the suspension of telecasts of the United States Boxing 
Championships. We have assisted ABC in its investigation and will continue to support any on-going inq uiry wholeheartedly. I welcome the a p ­ pointment of a special investigator.” 
He added that he hoped to resume the tournament “ and the telecasts of these thrilling contests as quickly as the investigation is concluded (and) as soon as a more adequate structure of rating boxers properly is in effect.” 
The promoter felt the investigation would take two to four weeks. 
Ali told King at the news conference, 
“ I don’t know the mathematics of the problem, but I know your hands are clean and from what I see of the people here today, I believe and they believe that you’re all right. We wouldn’t be here unless you were.” 
Former heavyweight champion Joe 
Louis and lightw eight cham pion 
Roberto Durann and Esteban deJesus also attended the conference. 

Ali clowns, 

INicklaus at top 

ASSOCIATED PRESS 
CARLSBAD, Calli. - Jack 
N icolau s and Tom 
P urtzer charged through the opening provided by Bob W ynn’s col­ lapse and moved into a tie for the lead Saturday after three rounds of g o lf’s prestigious, 
$225,ooo 
Tournament of 
Champions. 

Nicolaus, seeking a fifth title in this elite tournament that brings together only the w inners of regular tour events from the last 12 months, scrambled to an erratic 7o and a 21o total, six under par on the windswept, 6,855 yard La 
Costa Country Club course. 

P u rtzer, one of a record 12 men making their first appearance in the event sponsored by Mutual of New 
York, came out of a closely bunched pack with a 68 that gave him a share of the lead. 
One shot back was Mark Hayes, the 
Oklahoma quiet man who also shared the lead until three-putting the final 

 hole for a bogey. He had a 69 and a 211 total. 
“ I’m within striking distance and I have to be happy about th a t,” said 
Hayes, who won the T o u rn a m e n t 
Players Championship earlier this season. 
At 212, only two shots back, were 
Tom Kite and Butch Baird. Kite had a 
7o, Baird a 69. 

S A M M Y A Y A L A . . . e y e s p ros 

PHOTO BY CHARIES BARKSDALE 
Pro plans 

By CLIFFORD BROYLES 
OF THE EXPRESS N EW S STAFF 

Sammy Ayala is about to bid aloha to the amateur boxing ranks. 

The newly-crowned National Golden Gloves champion will give one last amateur performance before joining the pro ranks later this year, pos­ sibly in Honolulu. 
Should Ayala make his debut in Hawaii he w ill be returning to the site where two weeks ago he captured the hearts of Hawaii’s boxing fans in addition to the 132-pound championship of the 
Golden Gloves. 
“ I’ll probably have one more fight,” said the 
17-year-old Memorial High senior. “ “ Then I’ll turn pro later this year, probably in the summer, but maybe sooner. I’m not specific on the dates yet.” 
Hawaiian officials contacted Ayala about re­ turning to the Isles for his initial pro fight after the tournament was over. 
“The promoters wanted to bring Sammy back for his pro debut,” said Tony Ayala, Sammy’s father and manager. “ We told them we w ould be 

I 
— 
Nundav 
K x ,,r ..s s -\,.„ s 
J N I 
* 
O 
R TS 

Page I -S 
H 
April I 7 1977 

M U H A M M ED 7V LI holds head in h ands Satu rd ay as Don K in g tells o f tou rnam e nt su sp e n ­ sion 
AP WIREPHOTO. 

 into allegations of false records, rank­ ings and kickbacks. 
ABC’s suspension of tournam ent telecasts had the affect of suspending tilt* tournament. ABC has put up the 
$1.5-million tournament purse. 
Fighting 26-year-old Ballard first, 
Ali concentrated on his dancing and spent most of the first two rounds holding Ballard at bay with his left hand. In the third round, Ali demon­ strated some offense, most of it cen­ tered about Ballard’s backside, while also faking rubber legs and leaning against the ropes. 
Ali feigned terror when 19-year-old 
Dokes practiced his own version of the 

Ali shuffle while warming up. But ii* the second round. Ali spit out his mouthpiece and threw verbal barbs ti the frustrated former national Golder. 
Gloves champion. 
Midway in the second round, Ali dropped his guard completely, yelled 
“ no guard, no guard,” and invited 
Dokes to freely pound away at hi» stomach. Dokes did, but AU shouted 
“ He’s not hitting me at all.” 
In the third round, Ali spent most of his time on the ropes, avoiding most of the punches fired by Dokes. 
Near the end of the round. Ali said. 
“ He’s a young man, but he’s tired 
Look at me, I’m still dancing.” 

MIAMI BEACH, Flu (AP) - 
H eavyw eight cham pion 
Muhammad Ali talked, danced, shuffled and clowned his way through two three-round exhibi­ tions 
Saturday with heavyweights Jody Ballard and 
Michael Dokes. 

All’s exhibitions were supposed to be an added a ttra c tio n to a nationally-televised U.S. 
Boxing 
Championship card here, but became the whole show when ABC-TV dropped the series pending a full-scale probe 

Offers 
Superb tailoring 

Look right, feel right anywhere in this classic sport coat in a 
Summer-weight fabric of 5 5 % 
Dacron polyester and 4 5 % wool. 
Fashion detailing includes center vent and enveloped patch pockets. 
In N avy with brass colored buttons. $ 125.oo 

^ 

ASSOCIATED PRESS 
ATLANTA — Gary Matthews drove in two runs with a bases- loaded single in the seventh in* ning Saturday night, giving the 
Atlanta Braves a 4-3 victory over the Houston Astros. 

M atthew s’ third consecutive hit came off Houston reliever Ken Forsch and scored Rowland Office and Willie 
Montanez. Both had been walked by reliever Joe Sambito, o-1. 
Forsch then walked Jeff Burroughs to load the bases before M atthew s drilled his single to center field. 

The victory enabled rig h th a n d e r 
Andy Messersmith, who gave up eight hits, to even his record at 1-1. 
Houston tied the game at 2-2 in the 
‘top of the seventh on Joe Ferguson’s second double of the night and a pinch-hit triple to right by Ken Bos- 
✓ BOX SCORE, Page IS 

 well. After the Braves’ rally, Ferguson brought the Astros within a run with a two-out, ninth-inning home run. 
Atlanta scored twice in the second when Matthews walked, Vie Correli was hit by Astro starter Doug Kon- ieczny, and both scored on Pat Rock­ ett’s single through the middle. 
TV, Radio Log 

TELEVISION 
11:45 a.m . (Ch. 41) — Soccer. 
Noon (Ch. 12) — World S eries of 
W om en’s Tennis from the R acquet 
Club Ranch in Tucson, Ariz. 
12:3o p.m. (Ch. 5) — NBA on CBS- 
Playoff Doubleheader. 
1 p.m. (Ch. 9) — Grand Prix Tennis: 
W inter C ircuit — The Jew ish Com ­ m unity C enter Palm Beach T ennis 
Classic. 

2 p.m. (Ch. 4) — Women’s Interna­ tional Golf: Final round action from 
Moss Creek Plantation in Hilton Head 
Island, S. C. 

2 p.m. (Ch. 12) — ABC’s Wide World of Sports: Champions All-Gymnastics 
Competition from London, England; 
World A crobatic D iving C ham pion­ 

 ships; Chain Figure Eight Stock Car 
Race. 
2 p.m. (Ch. 41) — Knockout: Boxing 
Highlights. 
3:3o p.m. (Ch. 12) — Tournament of 
Champions Golf: Final Round from 
LaCosta Country Club in Carlsbad. 
Calif. 
4 p.m. (Ch. 4) — Grandstand: Profile on Montreal Canadiens; Look at Revo­ lutionary Scoring System tor Boxing. 
7 p.m. (Ch. 5) — Celebrity Challenge of the Sexes: Women compete against men in golf, bowling, go-karts, bicycle racing, b illiards, sw im m ing, tennis and other events. 

R ALIO 
I p.m. (WOAI, 12oo) — Houston 
Astros vs. Atlanta Braves it (kfs 

By JEFF GROSSMAN 
OF THE EXPRESS N EW S STAFF 

The end is always sudden. It can be no other way. 

“This morning I woke up and really wanted to go to prac­ tice,” said Mark Olberding. “ I had this empty feeling in my stomach. 

“So I just laid there and looked at the ceiling.” 

“ I can’t believe it’s over,” sighed Allan Bristow. “ I don’t believe it’s over. 
“ It ended so quickly.” 
The Spurs’ season expired at 9:52 p.m. on Friday, April 15, by virtue of a 
2-o playoff loss to the Boston Celtics. The final score for the final time was, 
113-1o9. 
It started in the sweltering heat of two-a-day workouts at Blossom 
Athletic Center and ended just live days short of seven months later. 
It included stops in 28 cities, over 1oo.ooo miles in the air and countless early breakfasts and late dinners. 
It took them to the bitter cold of Buffalo, the fog of Seattle, the dry climate of Phoenix and the snow of Milwaukee. 
More than anything else, it was a season of high plateaus and bottomless pits. Twice the Spurs won six games in a row. Three times they lost four in a row . 
“ The exposure to the playoffs was a great experience for the team ,” said 
Olberding. “ It’ll help us next year. And I think we made a lot of believers out of people who weren’t sure about the quality of the ABA teams. 
“ The disappointing part was our inconsistency. We had so many ups and downs. What I’d like to see next year is more consistency.” 
Indeed, the Spurs could be selling more playoff tickets if their worst 
“down” of the season had not come at the end. Five of their six last regujar season games were losses. 
The chance for the home court advantage as well as the possibility of facing Cleveland was lost. San Antonio was 2-2 against Cleveland, o-6 

Spur writer J e ff G rossm an covered 
8 4 Spur zanies iii 21 states and 2 6 different cities. He traveled ov er 
1 o o ,ooo air m iles and w rote ap p rox­ im a tely 1-m ile o f c o p y . H is sto ry . today gives som e o f the Spurs” views o f the season. 

NEW YORK (AP) - ABC-TV dropped the United States Box­ ing Championship Saturday pending a full-scale investiga­ tion of the various allegations concerning false records, rank­ ings and kickbacks. 

The ABC sports action of suspending telecasts of the tournament had the affect of suspending the tournament. 
ABC has put up the $1.5 million total pu rse m oney for the to u rn a m e n t promoted by Don King. 
ABC’s announcem ent cam e abut three hours before the scheduled 3:3o p.m. CST, start of three tournament semifinal bouts in Miami. 
Telecast 

However, the network did telecast two three-round ex hib ition s by heavyweight champion M uham m ad 
Ali. The tournament fights, including a heavyw eight bout betw een L arry 
Holmes and Stan Ward, were replaced by three other 1o-rounders. 
ABC Sports said in a statement that it has agreed with its legal counsel, 
Hawkins, Delafield and Wood and 
“ that it is imperative that the law firm appoint a totally independent special investigator with impeccable law en­ forcement credentials to head up the investigation. The appointment of such a person will be announced shortly.” 
An investigation of charges has been in the hands of the U.S. Boxing Cham­ pionship committee, headed by Jam es 
A. Farley Jr., chairman of the New 
York State Athletic Commission. A federal grand jury in Baltimore also has been investigating charges made in conection with the tournament. 

Louis 

King said at a news conference in 
Miami after the ABC action was an­ nounced that he “ has agreed with 
ABC-TV Sports to the suspension of telecasts of the United States Boxing 
Championships. We have assisted ABC in its investigation and will continue to support any on-going inquiry wholeheartedly. I welcome the a p ­ pointment of a special investigator.” 
He added that he hoped to resume the tournament “ and the telecasts of these thrilling contests as quickly as the investigation is concluded (and) as soon as a more adequate structure of rating boxers properly is in effect.” 
The promoter felt the investigation would take two to four weeks. 
Ali told King at the news conference, 
“ I don’t know the mathematics of the problem, but I know your hands are clean and from what I see of the people here today, I believe and they believe that you’re all right. We wouldn’t be here unless you were.” 
Former heavyweight champion Joe 
Louis and lightw eight cham pion 
Roberto Durann and Esteban deJesus also attended the conference. 

SA M M Y A Y A L A . . . eyes pros 

PHOTO BY CHARLES BARKSDALE Astros lose 

E \p r e s s -\e u s SPO RTS 

Nicklaus at top 

ASSOCIATED PRESS 
CARLSBAD, Calli. — Jack 
N icklaus and Tom Purtzer charged through the opening provided by Bob Wynn’s col­ lapse and moved into a tie for the lead Saturday after three rounds of golf’s prestigious, 
$225,ooo 
Tournament of 
Champions. 

Nicklaus, seeking a fifth title in this elite tournament that brings together only the winners of regular tour events from the last 12 months, scrambled to an erratic 7o and a 21o total, six under par on the windswept, 6,855 yard La 
Costa Country Club course. 

P u rtzer, one of a record 12 men making their first appearance in the event sponsored by Mutual of New 
York, came out of a closely bunched pack with a 68 that gave him a share of the lead. 
One shot back was Mark Hayes, the 
Oklahoma quiet man who also shared the lead until three-putting the final 

 hole for a bogey. He had a 69 and a 211 total. 
“ I’m within striking distance and I have to be happy about th a t,” said 
Hayes, who won the T o u rn a m e n t 
Players Championship earlier this season. 
At 212, only two shots back, were 
Tom Kite and Butch Baird. Kite had a 
7o, Baird a 69. 

 ans 

Bv CLIFFORD BROYLES 
OF THE EXPRESS N EW S STAFF 

Sammy Ayala is about to bid aloha to the amateur boxing ranks. 

The newly-crowned National Golden Gloves champion will give one last amateur performance before joining the pro ranks later this year, pos­ sibly in Honolulu. 
Should Ayala make his debut in Hawaii he w ill be returning to the site where two weeks ago he captured the hearts of Hawaii’s boxing fans in addition to the 132-pound championship of the 
Golden Gloves. 
“ ITI probably have one more fight,” said the 
17-year-old Memorial High senior. “ “ Then ITI turn pro later this year, probably in the summer, but maybe sooner. I’m not specific on the dates yet.” 
Hawaiian officials contacted Ayala about re­ turning to the Isles for his initial pro fight after the tournament was over. 
“The promoters wanted to bring Sammy back for his pro debut,” said Tony Ayala, Sam my’s father and manager. “ We told them we would be 

NORTH STAR MALL 
349-6464 

M U H A M M E D IA L I holds h ead in hands Sa tu rd a y as Don K in g tells of tou rnam ent su sp e n ­ sion 
AP W IREPHOTO. 
AU clowns? pounds 

Beirut 

Offers 
Superb tailoring 

Look right, feel right anywhere in this classic sport coat in a 
Summer-weight fabric of 5 5 % 
Dacron polyester and 4 5 % wool. 
Fashion detailing includes center vent and enveloped patch pockets. 
In N avy with brass colored buttons. $ 1 2 5 .o o 

 into allegations of false records, rank­ ings and kickbacks. 
ABC’s suspension of tournam ent telecasts had the affect of suspending tho tournament. ABC has put up the 
$1.5-million tournament purse. 
Fighting 26-year-old Ballard first, 
Ali concentrated on his dancing and spent most of the first two rounds holding Ballard at bay with his left hand. In the third round, Ali demon­ strated some offense, most of it cen­ tered about Ballard’s backside, while also faking rubber legs and leaning against the ropes. 
Ali feigned terror when 19-year-ohl 
Hokes practiced his own version of the 

Ali shuffle while warming up. But in the second round. Ali spit out his mouthpiece and threw verbal barbs to the frustrated former national Golden 
Gloves champion. 
Midway in the second round, Ali dropped his guard completely, yelled 
“ no guard, no guard,” and invited 
Dukes to freely pound away at his stomach. Dukes did, but Ali shouted, 
“ He’s not hitting me at all.” 
In the third round, Ali spent most of his time on the ropes, avoiding most of the punches fired by Dukes.- 
Near the end of the round, Ali said. 
“ He’s a young man, but he’s tired. 
Look at me, I’m still dancing.” 

MIAMI BEACH, Fla (AP) - 
Heavyweight cham pion 
Muhammad Ali talked, danced, shuffled and clowned his way through two three-round exhibi­ tions 
Saturday with heavyweights Jody Ballard and 
Michael Dokes. 

Ali’s exhibitions were supposed to be an added a ttra c tio n to a nationally-televised U.S. 
Boxing 
Championship card here, but became the whole show when ABC-TV dropped the series pending a full-scale probe 

H 
S a n Antonio EXPRESS-NEW 5~-r Sunday April 17 1977 

Parting Shots 

SI v *loff f* r o ssitia n 

On the whole, it was good year 

How do you sum up the Spurs* first season in the National B as­ ketball Association? 

There were a lot of encouraging m om ents and m ore than a few disturbing ones. When the Spurs were good, they were very, very good. And when they were bad, well, they gave up points wholesale. 
On the whole, however, winning 44 gam es w ithout J a m e s Silas, th e premier guard in the deceased ABA, was an accomplishment which should not be easily dismissed. Where would 
Boston be without Jo Jo White, or Wa­ shington without its Phil Chenier? 
Oh, George G erv in ’s sp e c ta c u la r season, which saw him shoot .544, the second-best ever by an NBA guard, made up in part for Silas. 
But more than anything else, it took an option away from Coach Doug Moe. 
For when Gervin got in early foul dif­ ficulty, or Larry Kenon was cold, the 
Spurs were in trouble. 
Billy Paultz, Mark Olberding and 
Louie Dumpier had some big scoring games, but Gervin and Kenon were the prime movers on offense. With Silas 
Jpresent, the burden would have been split three ways. 
But even with Silas out, you have to 
‘wonder about the failures against Mil­ waukee (1-3), Chicago (1-3) before they 
♦ became a hot contender, and Atlanta 
*(o-4). There was, quite obviously, a tendency on the Spurs’ part to take the weaklings for granted. Just compare that 2-1o record to an 8-7 mark against 
Los Angeles, Philadelphia, Houston 
-and Denver, the four top teams in the 
■ league. 
The final day loss to Milwaukee had to be the most discouraging perfo r­ mance of the season. As Gervin point­ ed out, it was a championship game, and the supposed patsy, playing for nothing but pride, won. 
That perform ance pointed up the 
Spurs’ prim ary flaw; an inability to sustain their intensity. And that fault carried over to defense which, m any will tell you, is largely a m atter of intensity. Too often a Spur would leave his feet on defense, not block out on the boards, or let the man he was guarding drive unimpeded to the basket. 
As Moe pointed out many times, 
“ We lacked mental toughness.” To a very certain extent, defense is a matter of tenacity. 
“Gravy” 
J When the Spurs clinched the playoff spot with a victory over Washington, 
Paultz said, “ Everything from here is 
‘gravy.” It was an innocuous statement at the time, but perhaps it described a subliminal feeling on the part of the team. Since the Spurs lost seven of their last eight games, it is reasonable to say they peaked too soon. 
It is also reasonable to say the Spurs need board help. Being outrebounded by 3o in two gam es with the C elts 

 pointed that out. Kenon is the most consistent rebounder, but what hap­ pens if he is hurt? 
But that will be a difficult player to come by since the Spurs have little in the way of money or bodies to deal with. And a vocal player-leader type,, one who could say, “ Hey, get your butts in g ea r on d e fe n se ,’’ would probably help, too. 
But it could hardly be called a bad season. The Spurs showed they could play with anybody, with the exception of Boston and Atlanta. And with a sus­ tained effort, it is likely that will change. 
They played an exciting brand of basketball that was, after all, success­ ful more often than not. 

“ I envy you,” a writer from another city said one time. “ You get to watch the most exciting team in basketball. 
Watching the team I cover is like watching the grass grow.” 

Moe is on a one-year contract, so his future has not been decided vet. It is likely the Spurs will offer him a renewal, and well they should. 

Moe m ade som e rookie coaching mistakes, and freely admitted them. 
But he taught the Spurs a new philo­ sophy of basketball — the overplaying defense — and they implemented it. 

He is a good leader who will get bet­ ter. One season does not a great coach make. He, like the players, will have to figure out a way to keep the mental discipline of the court constant throughout. It is an abstract task, a supremely difficult one, but Moe is capable of making it happen. 

And what of Bob Bass? His contract expires, too. It is strongly hoped An­ gelo Drossos will bring him back. Bass provided a lot of strategical tips that were responsible for Spur wins. He is a class person, one who accepted the demotion from coach to assistant. A move that most others would find un­ acceptable. His desire to help the 
Spurs wasn’t diminished. 

Hawks’ president and general man­ ager Mike Storen is among the biggest 
Bob Bass fans, sp it is possible he would have a job if the Spurs let him go. It will be the Spurs’ loss if he leaves. 

Everyone in the area would have liked to have seen the Spurs go further in the playoffs. But the good points of the season; the increased national vi­ sibility of San Antonio as well as the exciting and g en erally successful brand of basketball that has been dis­ played on the Arena floor must not be overlooked. 

On the whole, it has been a good season, one to remember. 

Blan Cook 

Front door exit f this time around 

Okay, so another season is over and we still haven’t managed to get by the first round of playoffs in anybody’s league. But things are getting better. 
This time we weren’t tossed out the back door of a portable gin mill by some unknown bouncers. No sir. This time we were led right out the front door of the country club by the chairman of the board. There’s a difference, you know. 
Sure, we were an dis- 

, V 
~ \ 

GEO RG E GERVIN drives past Charlie Scott during Friday night’s playoff game against Boston. Celtics won, I 13-1o9, to win playoff 2 games to o. — Photo by Pat Hamilton 
Powers in NEA to duel 

'PROFESSIONALLY INSTALLED 
AUTOMOBILE 
GLASS TINTING 

 ti//, ll l i p M U I. ll 
< omloH.lblp 
Hi 
SQbflR-X 

Sun Control Film for Windows 

• KEEPS CARS COOLER 
• STOPS SUN FADE 
• SAVES AIR CONDITIONING 
• PROFESSIONALLY INSTALLED 

DIFFERENT CO LO R FILM 
AV AILABLE SQLflR-X 

OF S A N A N T O N IO 

Paxton prevails 

SPECIAL TO THE EXPRESS N EW S 
OMAHA 
- 
Robert 
Paxton, of Trinity, won 
I the third event of the 
National 
Intercollegiate 
Trap and Skeet Cham­ pionship Saturday with a perfect 1oo-1oo score, as 
Trinity leads in overall competition by nine tar­ gets going into the final event Sunday. 

Ricky Pope and John 
Shima, both of Trinity, tied for second place in the American Skeet event with scores of 99 of IOO. 

PHILADELPHIA (APP 
— Boston has the title, 
Philadelphia has the am ­ bition and Denver has the odds as the National 
Basketball Association playoffs go into the 
Jjuarter-final round Sun­ day. 
The 76ers m eet the 
Celtics, defending NBA champions, Sunday in 
Philadelphia. 
For Julius Erving, the odds and the title don’t mean a thing. 
“ I don’t see any team beating us in a seven- gam e series,’’ Erving said. 
“ They m ight once...maybe twice. But not four games out of seven. Not now.” 
Erving 

Philadelphia has had a full week off and Erving looks for the 76ers to come out Sunday rested but ready. 
“We won’t be overcon­ fident,” Erving predict­ ed. “ We won’t be over­ confident against Boston because they’re the de­ fending champions.” 
Erving said picked No. 

AlOOltO MA HI S 11 t A i, . K I S H I * 

IO O G ILL RO . 
I 
4 8 o 3 W IS T 
5 3 7 M i * 
3 3 1 4 *.W . 
3 7 1 o A U S T IN 
NIA! WOMOUUNO 
C O M M I 8 C I 
A V I N O ! 
M IL IT A R Y D R . 
HWY A! W U 7 IM 
7 3 1 - 2 3 1 1 
4 3 4 - 9 4 8 1 
5 3 3 - 8 1 6 6 
9 3 4 - 1 4 4 ! 
6 S 3 - 4 4 6 1 

( O m l N l t N t T I M ( P A M f 
( O N V I M U N T I A T A W A T P I A N 

BUY WITH CONFIDENCE' 

SHO P W O O L C O 9 :3 o A.M. TO 9 :3 o P.M. M O N D A Y THRU SA T U R D A Y jKEPlACIMENT OR MONET GI AOL Y RflUNDIO 

2 rather than No. I by the oddsm akers has taken some of the pressure off the Philadelphia club. 
“ I don’t know if you can say everybody’s lay­ ing for us. They picked 
Denver ahead of us. That means that we’re not the favorites,” Erving said. 
Boston took their sixth straight victory from San 
Antonio 113-1o9 Friday to win a shot at 7(iers in the best-of-seven series. Cel­ tics Coach Tom Heinsohn said his team was going about defending their ti­ tle one step at time. 
“ I just want to get out of the Alamo a liv e ,’’ 
Heinsohn said. “ I’m not the kind of guy who thinks about the next game until we win the one at hand.” 
Heinsohn said the team had films of Celties-76ers games. “We’ll look them over today when we a r­ rive in Philadelphia and then we’ll have a team m eetin g.” O ther than that, the Celtics coach was releasing no p re ­ game details. 
Others 

The three other series 
— 
W ashington-Cleve- land, Chicago-Portland and Golden State-Detroit 
— will be decided Sun-' day. All three are tied 
1- 1. 
On Friday night, Cle­ veland 'evened its series by beating the Bullets 
91-83 and Chicago tripped up the T rail Blazers 
1o7-1o4. 
Lay-ed up 

SPECIAL TO THE EXPRESS N EW S 

HONOLULU - Ward 
Lay, president of Team 
Hawaii, formerly the San 
Antonio Thunder, took some ribbing for an in­ jury he suffered while watching his team score a goal against the Cos­ mos last Wednesday. 
Lay broke a rib and bruised several m ore when he collided with 
General M anager Don 
Paul as both leaped to their feet to applaud the score. 
“ I know it was an ac­ cident,” laughed Lay, 
“ but Don was trained to hit offensive personnel when he was a defensive all-pro with the 
Cleveland Browns. And I was a q u arterb ack in high school.” 
Lay, whose injury was not diagnosed until he returned to his Dallas home, said he would sit alone from now on. * 

Playoff chart 

P L A Y O F F S 
All Times CST 
Preliminary Round 
Best-of-Three 
Friday’s Gam es 
Cleveland 91, W ashington 83, series tied l l. 
Chicago 1o7, Portland 1o4, ser­ ies tied ll. 
Boston 113, San Antonio 1o9, 
Boston wins series 2-o. 
Sunday’s Gam es 
Cleveland at Washington, 12:3o p.m., series tied l l. 
□ d ro it at Golden State, 2:45 p.m., series tied 1-1. 
Chicago ot Portland, 2:45 p m., series tied l l. 

Quorter-tinals 
Best-of-Seven 
Sunday’s Gam e 
Boston at Philadelphia, 12:3o p.m., tirst gam e of series. 

 we were an appointed — again. But look at it this way. Just eight months ago the Spurs were still building, trying to get crip­ pled stars healthy, welcoming a new’ coach to his first head coaching job in this country and half the Celtics couldn’t have found San Antonio on a 
Texas map without looking at the in­ dex. 

Somewhere down the line some team might outshoot and outscore Boston to elim inate the Celts from the NBA playoffs. It’s doubtful, however, that any team will outmuscie, outhustle or outfox the old veterans of so many title tiffs. The only thing green about 
Tommy Heinsohn’s men is their uni-, forms. 

As they say, Hondo Havlicek didn’t come to tow n on a wagon-load of wood. 
He looks like a country kid who got lost at the fair. A victim, waiting to be robbed. A nice young man who might be mugged by the next old lady he helps cross the street. 

But Havlicek just looks that way be­ fore and after games and during rest periods. He’s been in the league longer than adhesive tape and he knows more tricks than Blackstone. 

No, this wasn’t like last year when Dr. J and his merry men operated on us up in that suburb of the Big Apple, severing our first-round playoff hope in the beachball league. Or the two years prior when Indiana headed us off at the pass with first-round surprise parties. 

This was a different cup of tea and although the result was much the same, early elimination, the juices were much easier to digest. This time it was the king who cleaned our clock. 
* 

Aud it doesn't really matter so much that San Antonio Friday night became the first team to fall from the NBA playoffs. After all, San Antonio was the first team to face the Celtics in the playoffs. 

The referees 

At the beginning of the end here Friday night five of the regular NBA referees picketed the arena. Well, they said they were picketing the place and they did each caYry “ Unfair” signs. But all five huddled together around the press and players’ back entrance. Their presence was unseen and unknown by more than 
99 percent of those in attendance. 

Half jokingly and half serious, the striking refs told some of the players that they couldn’t enter the building. “ Hey, you guys can’t cross our picket line,’’they yelled. But five minutes after the game started, at exactly 7:37 p.m., the refs crossed their own picket line and crashed the pass gate. They wanted to see the game. 

Save 2o#/o 

Sears hearing aid batteries 

R egular S I .7 9 to S 3.99 

Sears batteries to bt all brands and all m odels 

Size 
Reg. Sale 
I IK, .......................... S 3 .2 9 
2.63 
76G .......................... S 3 .9 9 
3.19 
6 7 5 Premium ....... S 3 .3 9 
2.71 
4o1 .......................... S 1 .7 9 
1.43 
13 Mercury ........... S 2 .7 9 
2.23 
41G .......................... S 3 .2 9 
2.6 3 
3 1 2 Mercury ......... S 2 .7 9 
2.23 
Ask about 
Sears Hearing Aid 
Battery Club 
. . . buy 12 packs and get the 13th FREE 

Sale prices iii effect thru April 3oth 

CHARGE IT on Sears Revolving (.barge 

//earing Aids at a Price You Can Afford.. 

[tacked by a Company You Can Trust. 

Or, to be more accurate, they wanted to see their substitute officials at work and play. Never in the history of the sport have five tougher critics been harsher on the deeds and misdeeds of two working whistle-tooters. Each time a call was missed anc! a coach complained there were giggles from the bal­ cony as the part-time picketers hee-hawed through the contest. 
Laurel and Hardy’s funniest film never brought as much enjoyment to any five unemployed men. 

But don't be misled into thinking that it was the. officials who beat San Antonio here Friday night. It was those dudes in the green uniforms who done us in. Nobody else. 

To locate proper blame beyond the pointmakers here Friday night you’d have to go back a whole week, all the way back to Milwaukee. That was when the Spurs stumped their toes and missed the oppor­ tunity to get a home court opener here. But what the heck, we’ve now played Boston three times in San 
^Antonio and we’re still looking for that first win over the Celts. 
The seagulls 

Moe pulled out all stops in his preparations for that last stand against Boston. Worried about being out-rebounded in all previous matches with the 
Celts, Doug called on his warriors for superhuman efforts. 
He switched roles like Peter Sellers, sometimes posing as a shrink as he lectured on the “psychology of rebounding.” Oh, how he lectured. “You’ve got to want the ball, want it more than anything else,” he argued. Then he posed as Knute Rockne. Or was it 
Pat O’Brien? It was “remember the Alamo” and 
“ win one for the Gipper.” Fight team, fight. 

And they did fight, too. The packed arena went pure bananas when San Antonio jumped to an 8-o lead as the Spurs swarmed both boards in the early stages. But it’s tough to stay with that style when if s really not your bag. 
The Celtics, by contrast, are remindful of so many seagulls following a shrimp boat. They swoop swift­ ly, gobbling anything that’s airborne and edible. 
And like the gull, they don’t wait for company once they get the goody. 

While the Spurs made battle plans and generated their own goosebumps the Celtics relaxed. Dave 
Cowans, the Celt center, drove a taxi around Boston, his idea of recreation and relaxation. 
Had we known that we could have sent somebody up there to jump into his hack and demand to be driven to Portland, or at least to Albuquerque. 

At any rate, it was a fine season and we learned some important things. Mainly, we learned that our guys can cut it in the NBA and that our fans will support NBA basketball. 

Of course, we also learned that we can’t beat 
Boston. Not yet, anyway. 

Sears 

•StAKS. H O IH IX H ANO I'D. 

Where America shops 

Sat tsl act tun G u a rn n t eed or Your M oney Bach 

Central Park Store 
San Pedro al Loop 41o 
CONSULTANT HOI RS: 
Monday thru Saturday 9:,1o-6 P.M. 
CLOSED FRIDAY 228-52o5 

DALE CARNEGIE 
COURSE 

IN EFFECTIVE SPEAKING, H U M A N RELATIONS, 
SELF-CONFIDENCE, M EM O RY TRAINING, 
SELLING YOUR IDEAS 
CLASS N O W FO RM IN G 
Enrollment Limited 
Call 733-o574 for Information 
Accredited by the Continuing Education Council 

Presented by Jim Trivette A Associates 

Strikes *n Spares 

By H arry Page 

IS 

City meet opens; two more on tap 

The 
National Bowling Council s Bowling Spectacular ‘77 rapidly approaching. 
But, local keg fans will see plenty of action this weekend. 
This weekend’s agenda will be highlighted by the start of the 
San Antonio Bowling Association’s Men’s City tourney at Wonder 
Bowl and Sports Palace. 
Also scheduled is the 189-and-Cnder Tourney at San Pedro, and the Ladies Amateur Tournament Association tourney at All Star. 
The Bowling Spectacular is set for 
May 4-7 at Wonder Bowl. 
Red Holland. SABA secretary, indi­ cated that 298 five-man teams have entered the city tournament, which will run for four weekends. The event will offer $13,9o2 in prize money. 
Mario DeLeon of New Braunfels had* 
I he highest scratch total last year, and 
Joe Valfre had the best handicap score. The team event, will be held at 
Wonder Bowl, while the singles and doubles will be at Sports Palace. 
Shifts for the 189-and-under tourna­ ment are set for 3, 5, and 7 p.m. Sa­ turday. and the finals will start at 2 p.m. Sunday. 
Botry fee is $25. and the annual m em bership dues is $15. Anyone wishing to participate in the meet should call 341-2991 or 344-3431. 
The LATA meet opens a new season for the group. Entry fee is $25. and membership dues is $24. The dues, payable in two installments, are good for a year. 
Qualifying time for the LATA meet is 2 p.til. Saturday. There will be only- one squad. The IO women with the best total pintail for eight games will ad­ vance to finals starting at 1o:3o a.m. 
Sunday. Anyone interested in compet­ ing should contact Laurie Seales at 
344-6251. 
Anthony, Costello 

,Kurl Anthony, Patty Costello, Car­ men Salvino. 
Steve Neff, Betty Mor­ ris, Judy Soutar and Tommy Hudson are among the pros who have been ex­ tended invitations to the Bowling 
Spectacular. 
Larry Laub, Vesma (irinfeids, Cher­ yl and Jay Robinson, Mark Both, Earl 
Ressler, Gary Dickinson, and George 
Pappas arc among the other pros ex­ pected to participate 
The pros will be bowling at 6 p.m. 
May 4, 12:31) p.m. May 5, and at noon iii the finals Saturday. 

Soutar and Neff are the defending champions iii tilt1 mixed doubles. The 
San Jose State women's team and the 
University of South Carolina m en’s team will be back iii the College Divi­ sion. Other top college teams expected to enter are the Ohio State men s team, the Wichita Stale w om en’s squad, and the University of Houston men s team. 

Local favorite. Joe Vito Buenrostro along with Carl White of Eaton Ra­ pids. Mich.. Jerry Garrett of Tacoma, 
Wash., Carol Carpenter of Melbourne, flu.. Judy Sweeney of Keene, New 
Hampshire, 
Marie Ouimette and 
Lauren LaCost of Illinois State, head the amateur field. 
Season tickets are on sale at Wonder 
Bowl, Bowlerama, All Star, Goliad, 
Oak Hills, Sail Pedro. Southside, 
Sports Palace, and Thunder Bowl for 
$9. Season tieketholders will be al­ lowed to enter and leave the center as they please. Individually, tickets will be priced in advance at $2 per day for 
Wednesday, Thursday and Friday, and 
$2.5o ut the door. Tickets for Satur- duv's final are $4 iii advance and $4.5o 

TERESA ROOK 
Class D star at the door. Only 15o of the total 8oo tickets have been sold. 
Around the lanes 
“ When I finished the* first game in singles. I was hysterical, because I had rolled a 186 game,” said 23-year old 
Teresa Rook, who is iii second place in women's state tournament’s Class I) singles with a 518 series. “ I norm ally don’t bowl that well. Everything seem to click at one time. My other games were 182 and 15o.” 
Rook. who has a 14o average at 
Wonder Bow l and 138 at Sports Palace, was participating iii lier first state event. 
“ I was nervous the first day, because 
I didn’t know what to expect,” Teresa said. “ I did terrible in doubles, but our team. Bowman Construction, is in fourth place in Class B. I’m real ex­ cited about my singles — I hope that score sticks up there.” 
Flo Tolle had a 265 at Wonder Bowl 
... 
Lloyd Kirkpatrick had a 18o all spare game and Hector Gonzales had a 16o triplicate at All Star ... Sylvia 
Alvarado had a 184 all spare game. 
Art Vera had a 268, Peggy Mclntire 
256, and Bill Messer Jr. converted the 
7-1o split and had a 186 all spare game ut Oak Hills ... Gwen Zuilzke had a 178 all spare game and received a $3 house award at Bowlerama ... Wyatt Moore 
(AJBC) had a 128 triplicate and Mark 
Cha Vera (AJBC) rolled his first 6oo 
(62o) at Southside ... Margo Loehamy has a 182 all spare game. Mclntire had 
261, and Anita Anderson had a 98 triplicate at Astro. 
Carol Skinner rolled exactly IOO pins over his average with a 257 game at 
Hermann Sons ... Ray Keyser had a 
267 game and rolled his first 7oo (7o4), and Charles White shot 1o1 pins over his average with a 261 game at Goliad 
... John Williamson, an outstanding junior bowler, will be out for some time with a broken right arm sus­ tained in a freak maintenance accident at Thunder Bowl ... Mae Henson had her first 2oo (2o8) at Sun Pedro. 
Last week’s results 

S P E C T A C U L A R ‘77 
Schedule of Events 
M oy 4: 2.3o p.m. — College T e em s (T h ree team ga m e s); 6 p.m. — State Ch am pions (F o u r g a m e s) and Profe ssio nals (F o u r-gam e qualifying). M a y 5: 
9:3o a m. — C o lle g ia te T e a m s (T h r e e te am ga m e s); 12:3o p. rn. — Profe ssio nals (F o u r-ga m e qualifying) and State C h am pions (F o u r ga m e s). 4 p.m. — Collegiate T e am s (T hree fleam g a m e s ); 7 p m 
— 
Professional 
M ixed 
Doubles 
(F o u r m atches) and State Ch am pions Four ga m e s). M a y 
6: — l l a m. — P r o fe ssio n a l M ix e d D o u b le s 
(Three m atch es) and Collegiate T e a m s (T h re e team gam e s) ; I p m. — State C h am p ion s (F o u r go m e s); 4 p m. — Collegiate T e am s (R olloff for top six men and top six w om en's te am s); and 7:3o p.m. — State Ch am pions (F irst three m atches of fin a ls) and P ro fe ssio n a l M ix e d D o u b le s (T w o matches and a position round to determ ine top three team s for television finals). M a y 7: IO a m. 
— Collegiate F in a ls (T ap e d tor te levision ) and noon — P r o f e s s io n a l a n d S ta te C h a m p io n s 
(Television Finals) 
M A R T H A W A S H IN G T O N 
E n try deadline for entering the M a rth a W a ­ shington tournam ent at Oak Hills is M a y I. The event will be held each weekend in June, and there are still plenty doubles, singles, and team soots available. E n try is $5.7$ per person per event. Call 344-6251 for further inform ation. 
S U P E R M A R A T H O N 
B o w le ra m a w ill hold its th ird a n n u a l S u p e r 
M arathon Tournam ent. M a y 21 22 and 28 29. E n try tee is ' SJO a n d first p la ce is w o rth $1,ooo.oo. 
Bow lers will roll 2o g o m e s a c ro s s IO lanes con- tinouslv tor total high school. P le a se call 344-4o4) o r 344-5811 for further inform ation. 
J U N IO R M E E T 
Entry deadline for entering O ak H ills Junior 
Bowler “Top Tw enty" event is m idnight Saturday. 
The meet is set for A pril 3o and M a y I. E n try fee is $7.5o. Entries should be m ailed to the center at 
733o Callaghan Rd., San Antonio, 78229. 
K E G T ID B IT S 
P ro Betty 
M o rris has signed a p rom otion al contract with C olum b ia 3oo . 
Billy H ardw ick, Don 
Johnson, and the late 
Steve N a g y h a v e been selected to the P B A s H a ll of F a m e ... a n d an attempt to rescind the bow ling ball h ard n ess rule w as soundly defeated at the A B C delegates m eet­ ing in Reno, Nevada. 
31o G A M E 
Bill “ J a k e " L e n te n rolled a 31o g a m e — the highest sanctioned A B C ga m e eve r — on Oct. 3o, 
1945. Le n ze n did it w hile b o w lin g in the C la s sic 
League at PIO X o re L a n e s in Chicago. H e bow led for 
T h o m p so n 's R e stu a ra n t a g a in s t C h a p in & G o re 
Liauor team. Lenzen had 222-194-3oo— 716, but the third gam e between the team s ended in a tie — each team having 1,o51. A c c o rd in g to leagu e rules, there had to be a one-fram e rolloff to decide the gam e. 
Lenzen then bow led his 13th straight strike for a 31o game. D u rin g h is career, Lenzen had five perfect gom es and a pair of 8oo series before d y in g in I96o. 
G O O D ID E A 
An ideo by K A P E Radio and Thunder Bow l paid good d iv id e n d s fo r both p a rtie s re c e n tly . K e n 
“C rick " North, an adve rtising sale sm an at K A P E , wanted to bowl in a league but everyone w a s full. So, through the idea of K A P E G eneral M a n a g e r Jerry 
M oon, N o rth d e cid e d to sta rt h it on le a g u e — 
Thunder Bowl had the ideal situation. "T h e purpose of getting the league w as to get som e publicity for 
Thunder Bow l and get a league started," North said. 
"T h e idea worked real well for us.” K A P E a d v e r­ tised about a free b aw lin g p arty at Th un d e r for several weeks — on the day of the party, m ore than enough showed up. "W e had had too m an y ,” North said. “W e had five to six people on 22 lanes, bow ling in two shifta. W e had to turn som e people aw ay.” A a a result of prom otion, the K A P E H i-R o lle rs L eagu e 

 h a v e 22 te am s for W e d n e s d a y n ig h ts w ith n o bowlers, and a junior league on Saturday's. “Seem s to be a fun league,” said Betty Biediger, a Thunder 
Bowl official. “You know w hat 22 team s can do for a house — fantastic." “ It w a s a good id e a," North said, “lf you don’t believe m e, a sk Thunder Bo w l? 
Hopefully, I can ofter the sa m e p ackage for som e other centers, but m ost hou ses are filled. It's not a bad idea.” 
L A N E N O T E S 
A L L S T A R : 
P aul Sie ia k 613. Jo se Jim enez 615, 
M a l M eek 6o9, Dom e H o s k in s 578, D a rla M o rg a n 556, 
Janice F ran klin 575. 
A S T R O : Jake G ra m a to 247 671, D ick W righ t 619, 
Jim A lb e rts 616, E d E a n e s 612, D o n F o jk u s 6o6, 
Eileen M a so n 256-615. P e g g y M c ln tire 61/, Betty 
H atcher 568, D on nie C h a sta in 568, Janet H a llm a n 
549. (Seven wom en o ve r 53o se rie s). 
B O W L E R A M A : 
A lb e rt R e y e s 245 6o2. R e y e s ' se rie s w as 1o4 pins over h is a ve ra ge . B e rn ice W hite picked up the 7-9-1o split. S u m m e r leagu es a re now being torm ed; call 344-4o41 o r 344 5811 for further inform ation. 
G O L IA D : M ik e M c P h e r s o n 247 666, 6o7; R o y 
K e y se r 7o4, Jam es D a v is 619, R o y Bean 611, Bonni 
H a e c h e r 244-596, G e r r i G r ie r 589, M a r y P o h l 
251-572, Sandy C arp e n te r 569, M o n a A lonzo 553. 
(IS w om en over 53o se rie s). K a th y B a ird picked up the 8-1o. 
H E R M A N N SO N S: 
C a rro ll Sk ip p e r 6o5, B ob by 
M oeller 636, Carol Lenz 562, M a r y E. D a v is 591, Bill 
Se e h a u se n 597, M ild re d Sto lle 577, D o ro th y H a m ­ m o n s 561, M a r y B o ld t 551. R o llo G riffin 59o. 12 ke g le rs p ic k e d u p difficult 8pllts. 
M IT C H E L L : Ann T a y lo r 6oo, R o se G a sk in 548, Al 
E u d v 671, Buddy T o rre s 66o. V in c e G a rc ia 644, Will 
Strother 632, R udv Ib a rra 632, O kie C a rb e rry 623, 
619, John H anes 623, J e sse P rie to 621. ( IS m en over 
6oo series). 
O A K H IL L S : 
T e rry F in g e r 247 7o1, Sid ney Klein 
254-674, Floyd Hall 647, A rt V e ra 642, Jim M e n k e 629, 
L au rie Scales 247 688, G a il C a n tu 664, P e g g y M c ln ­ tire 634, M a ry Falcon er 627, A n n a L e e K O SS 615. (23 m en over 6oo series; 81 w o m e n o v e r 53o B e rie s and n in e o v e r 6oo). K a th v K i r s t ( A J B C ) 6o1, A lle n 
W olfarth (A J B C ) 6o9. M ik e B r a y 258,L e s Veltm an 
258, R onnie Neitzke 256. M a r y a n n S o u lta ire 251. 
H irm a n W alker picked up the 4 6. 
SA N P E D R O : Porn H e th e rlv 568, Lucille C isn e ro s 
SSS, A lice W alls 553, B e c k y Slo c o m b e 548, Ja c kie 
Pleasant 545, E a m o n n G ra n t 612, P at D ick e y 6o8, 
J e r r y T a la in c ic h 6o5, A r n o ld T ije rin a 6o3, D a n 
So w ard s 6o2. (Six m en o ve r 6oo se rie s; nine w om en over 53o). Rebecca R a m ire z (B a n ta m ) 333, K evin 
Sitterle (A J B C ) 56o. R a n d y G ra c e , 15 y e a rs old, picked up the 6-7-IO twice 
S O U T H S ID E : 
H e cto r G ill 253-697, L o u ie B lan - carte 258-692, L yn n Britton 246-645, L o r r y W alsh 641, 
Joe Loredo 64o, M a rg e B attre all 591, Sh irle y Sheets 
585, V ivia n Sm ith 58o, R u b y R e illv 575, C a rro ll C roce 
574, Su sie Ortiz 574. ( 12 m e n o v e r 6oo se rie s; 23 w om en over 53o series). S u m m e r L e a g u e s a re now o rg a n iz in g ; coll 922-6961 o r 927-37o1 for fu rth e r inform ation. 
S P O R T S P A L A C E : 
J u d i B r o t h e r s 649, J o a n 
Bow den 6o4, Betty B u rk e 6o3, C in d y Joh n son 582, 
Sh e rvl B ra n a rd 567, J e r r y M o o n 674, Jim Se lla rs 
674, Al E u d v 668, Joe C o le m e re 666, Joh n G lende 
65o. (24 m en over 6oo s e rie s; 18 w om en o ve r 53o series). 
T H U N D E R : C o ro l M ir e s 575. B illie F o rd 557, 
K a th v S th im c e k 541, A n n e tte B ro w n 537, A n n ie 
Johnston 551, M a rg e H a m ilto n 554, M e d ic F irm m 
552, E rn ie S a lm a s 612, D o n S le u b m g 599, N ollie 
Sw vnnerton 599 M a ry N o v a picked up the 7-1o. 
W O N D E R : 
Curt Elliott 687, R ic h R o b e rts 663, 
C a rlo s Castaneda 661, L o r r y K a s a n e r 652, D a n n y 
E r r ic o 644, F a y T e d rick 628. C in d v Jo h n so n 589, 
Joon Bow den 583, Elf! T o m c z v k 579, Sh a ro n K au! m an 554 ( 12 m en over 6oo s e rie s; se ve n w om en over 
55o series). M a rk G o e rin g ( A J B C ) 6oo. 

Home blah 

ASSOCIATED PRESS 
N^W YORK — Rem em ber all the talk about how the home- court advantage was playing bigger role than ever in National 
Basketball Association games? 

Well, the regular season is over and the results are in, and it turns out to have been just (hat — talk. 
Home teams won 618 games and lost 
284 this past season, a winning per­ centage of .685. That’s only a slight increase over last year’s mark of .659 and well below the 74 per cent pace being set earlier this year. 
“ The further into the season you get, the more teams begin to play to their level,” observed Philadelphia Coach 
Gene Shue, explaining why the home- court advantage dipped as the season progressed. 

A n t o n i o E X P R E S S - N E W 
S — 
S u n d a y - A p r i l 1 7 
1 9 7 7 re mmmmmmmmmmmmmmmm urn.............. 
■ H W ....aBBJBtu:;; 
ZZZZZXZZZ-ZZ: 

T eam 
Atlanta 
Boston 
Buffalo 

H om e 
R oad 
19 22 
12-29 
28 13 
16 25 
23-18 
7-34 

 k 
J 
B n 
* 
* 
B E R ­ ii 

G E N E S H U E 

C h icago 
31 IO 
13 28 
C leveland 
29 12 
14 27 
D en ve r 
36 5 
13 28 
Detroit 
311o 
14 27 
G olden 
State 
29-12 
17-24 
Houston 
34-7 
15 26 
Indiana 
25 16 l l 3o 
K a n s a s 
City 
28 13 
13 28 
L o s 
A ngeles 
37 4 
16 25 
M ilw au ke e 
24 17 
6 35 
New 
O rle a n s 
26-15 
9-32 
N.Y. 
K n ick s 
26 15 
14-27 
N.Y. 
Nets 
IO 31 
12 29 
Philadelphia 
32 9 
18 23 
Phoenix 
26-15 
8 33 
Portland 
35 6 
14 27 
Son 
Antonio 
31-1o 
13-28 
Seattle 
27 14 
13 28 
W ashington 
32 9 
16-25 
The end hits 

Continued from Page IS against Boston. By a wide majority, they favored a match with the Cavs. 
“ We had stretches where we played really well,” said Bristow, “ and there were other times when we were flat. 
“ I can’t think of anytime when we were flatter than in the last couple of weeks. Why, I don’t know, hut it just seemed to snowball; 
“ We bounced back slightly with that win over Philadelphia, hut we never got out of it. 
“ And we tried everything possible to beat Boston. We changed up on offense, defense, the lineup, everything. They were the one team we didn’t want to face. 
“ Washington or Los Angeles might be able to beat Boston. Really, though, I think they’re going to go all the way.” 
Axiomatic in NBA jargon is the fact “ a big part of the playoffs is facing who you want to face.” The Spurs obviously did not get their druthers. 
But it was a new league for the Spurs and they had a new coach. Doug Moe. 
And they entered it without their premier player, James Silas. z\ll over the NBA people hiding glib smirks waited to see “ those guys who played with the beach ball and don’t know what defense is.” 
Their smugness, however, was quickly quashed. 
“ We didn’t do any better than our expectations,” said Bristow. “ I mean, if you had seen players like George Gervin and Larry Kenon before, you knew there couldn’t be too many better players around. 
“ But I’m sure the people on the other side of the fence, the NBA side, think it was a great year for us just because we made the playoffs. 
“ It was a little like a baptizing year for us. We got our feet wet.” 
And now it is over until next September. Now we will have to wait a while to hear the cacophony of dribbling basketballs, the explosion of a crowd cheering un in-your-face stuff by the Iceman, or see Dancin’ Harry shake a tail feather. 
“ I’m going to play some golf, maybe catch some playoff games, and think about what we need for next year,” said Moe. 
“ I can’t believe how poorly I shot at the end.” said Bristow, “ and I can't wait until next year to get the feeling of playing good back. 
That is the ultimate beauty of sports. There is almost always a next year. 
See you at the Arena. 
Bowling crown 

SPECIAL TO THE EXPRESS 
WASHINGTON — West Liberty State captured the 
National Association of Intercollegiate Athletics’ 
Bowling title this weekend in Kansas City, Mo. 
The victory by the school from Liberty, West 
Virginia, also completes the 24-team field that has earned the right to participate in the National 
Invitational Collegiate Team Championships, part of the National Bowling Council’s Spectacular ’77, in ' 
San Antonio, May 4-7. 
The complete men’s and women’s teams, who’ll compete in the Alamo City, are: 

M E N 
B a ru c h College, New Y o rk , N Y ; O h io State, C o lu m b u s, O hio; 
Rochester Institute of T e ch n o lo gy, R o c h e ste r, N Y 
(2nd in '75 ); 
A rm stro n g State, Sa van n ah , G e o rg ia ; U n iv e rsity of South C a ro lin a , 
C o lu m b ia . S C . ; F e r r is State U n iv e rs it y , B io R a p id s , M a in e ; 
U n ive rsity of M in nesota, M in n e ap o lis, M in n .; U n iv e rsity of H o u sto n ; 
U nive rsity of C alifornia, D a v is, Calif.; 
U n iv e rsity of C aliforn ia. 
Berkeley, Calif.; E rie C o m m u n ity College, E rie , N Y (6th in '75 ); 
W est Liberty State, Liberty, W. Va. 
W O M E N 
U n iv e rsity of M a s s a c h u s e tt s , A m b u rs t, M a s s . ; 
E r ie C o m m . 
College, Buffalo. N Y ; W est V irg in ia U n iv e rsity , M o rg a n to w n , W. 
V a.; H ills b o ro u g h C o m m . C olle ge , T a m p a , F la .; U n iv e rs it y of 
Florid a. G ain e sville , Fla. 
(7th iii '76. 6th iii '7 5 ); 
Illin o is State, 
N orm al, III. (8th in '75); U n iv e rsity of M isso u ri, C o lu m b ia , M o.; 
W est Illinois State, M a co m b , III.; W ichita State U n iv e rsity , W ichita, 
Kan. (2nd '76. 1st iii '75); U n iv e rsity of W a sh in gto n , Seattle. W ash.; 
San Jose State, San Jose. Calif. (2nd in ‘76, 2nd in 
75); C a lifo rn ia 
Polytechnic. San L o u is O bispo, Calif. 
T ennis title hagged 

SPECIAL IO THE EXPRESS NEW S 
LARS O — Laredo Nixon captured Us fifth straight district tennis title as they won the 29-AAAA match here Saturday. 
The top three finishers were Laredo Nixon with 16 points, Fast Central with 15 and Laredo Martin with 

11 ere are the results of the final matches: 
Bo ys 
Singles: 
R e yn ald o C o n ch as. L a re d o M a rtin , dot. Joe R a u sc h u b c r, 
E a st Central. 
Doubles: 
A n s e lm o G a rz a a n d A rtu ro M a rtin e z, 
L are d o 
Nixon, del. 
O sc a r 
G u tie rre z a n d 
A rm a n d o 
M artin e z. 
Lare d o Nixon. 
G irls 
Sin gle s: 
B etty C a m a c h o . L a r e d o M a r tin , del. K e lly Y o u n g , 
Lare d o Nixon. 
Doubles: 
Jo A n n e R a u sc h u b e r a n d Ja n ie H aese, 
E a st Central, dot. Jan ie F ish e r and Ruth D e y o u n g , E a st Central. 

S U N D A Y 
Shooting. Toepperw ein M e m o ria l Skeet Shoot a nd Fiesta Open, National G u n Club. 8 a rn 
Tennis: Cystic F ib ro sis Benefit T ournam ent, 
Turtle Creek C o u n try Club, 9 a rn. 

M O N D A Y 
College B ase b all: St. M a r y s v s H u sto n T h tofson (2), V.J. Keefe Field, I p.m.; Sa n A n ton io 
College vs. M a r y H o rd in B a y lo r (2), Belton. I p m . 
C ollege G o lt: T J C A C T o u rn a m e n t. P e c a n 
Valley; Lone Star C onference Tournam ent, Son 
Angelo; 
Trinity af 
T IA A 
T ou rn am e n t, 
Stephenville. 
College Tennis: T J C A C T ournam ent, M c F o r - lin, Trinity, San A ntonio C ollege and Jeffe rso n 
H igh School co u rts; St, M a r y 's , St. E d w a r d s a nd C oncordia in tria n g u la r m atch, A u stin , I p.m. 
C o lle ge T ra c k : T rin ity a l T IA A m eet. S te ­ phenville, IO: 45 a m. 
H igh School T ra c k : T C IL 3 A A A m eet, A n ­ to n ia n H .S., IO a .m .; 32-A A A A G i r l ’s m eet. 
B lossom Athletic Center, 3 p.m .; 3o A A A A boy s a nd g irl's meets. N orth Side Stadium , 6 .3o p m ; 
29 A A A A b o y 's a n d g ir l's m eets, Ju d so n H.S., 6 p.m.; 31 A A A A g irl s meet, A la m o Stad iu m , 7 p.m. 

T U E S D A Y 
Pro B a se b a ll: S a n A n to n io D o d g e r s vs. E l 
Paso, V.J. Keete Field. 7:3o p.m. 
C o lle ge B a s e b a ll: M a r y H o r d m - B t iy io r at 
T rinity (2), 6 p.m. 
C o lle ge G o lf: T J C A C T o u rn a m e n t, P e c a n 
Valley; Lone Star Conference T ournam ent. Sa n 
Angelo. 
College Tennis: T J C A C T ou rn am e n t M c F a r 
Mn, Trinity, San Antonio College and Je ffe rson 
H S. courts. 

W E D N E S D A Y 
P ro B a se b all: S o n A n to n io D o d g e r s vs. E l 
Paso, V.J. Keefe Field, 7:3o p m. 
College Baseball: Huston Tillotson at T rinity 
(2), 6:3o p.m. 
P ro W restling: M u n icip a l A u d ito riu m , 8:3o 

T H U R S D A Y 
P ro B a se b a ll: So n A n to n io D o d g e r s v s. Et 
P a so V.J, Keefe Field, 7 3o p.m 
College Tennis: St. M a r y 's w om e n vs. T e x a s 
A A I, K ingsville, I p rn 
H igh S c h o o l T r a c k : 32 A A A A b o y s m e e t. 
Blossom Athletic Center. IO a m. 

F R ID A Y 
P ro B a se b a ll: S o n A n to n io D o d g e r s v s. E l 
Poso, V.J. Keete Field, 7 3o p m. 
College B ase ball: St. M a r y $ vs. E a s t T e x a s 
Baptist, M a rsh a ll, 3 p.m ., R o n A m e r ic a n vs. 
U niversity of D a lla s (2), D a d o s, I p m 
College T e nn is: T rin ity, St. M a r y 's . T e x a s 
A8.1 a n d S o u th w e st T e x a s w o m e n at A l A W 
C h a m p io n sh ip s. A m a r illo ; S o u th w e st T e x a s m en vs. A n ge lo State, Son Angelo. 
H igh Sc h o o l T r a c k : 31 A A A A b o y 's m e e t 
( p r e lim in a r ie s ) , A lo m o S t a d iu m , IO a m . ; 
13 A A A b o y ’s m eet. N e w B r a u n f e ls ; G i r l 's a a a A R e gion al Meet, C o rp u s Christi. 

S A T U R D A Y 
Pro B a se b a ll: S a n A n to n io D o d g e r s v s . E l 
Paso, V.J. Keete Field. 7:3o p.m. 
College B ase b all: St. M a r y 's vs. E a s t T e x a s 
Baptist (2), M a rsh a ll, I p.m.; H u sto n -Tillotson vs. T e x a s L u th e ra n (2), Se gu in , I p .m .; S o n 
Antonio C ollege vs. Tem ple JC (2), Tem ple, 1. 3o p.m.; P a n A m e ric a n vs. U n iv e rs ity of D a lla s 
(2), D allas, I p.m. 
College T ra ck : Southw est T e x a s a n d T e x a s 
A8.1 w om en at SW T Relays, San M a rc o s. 
College Tennis: T rinity m en vs. P e p p e rd u e, 
T rin ity T e n n is Sta d iu m , 2 p .m .; T r in it y , St. 
M a r y s, T e x o s A i l a n d S o u t h w e s t T e x a s w om en of A lA W C h a m p io n s h ip s , A m o rin o ,* 
Abilene C h ristian vs. Southw est T e x o s m en. So n 
M arco s, I p m 
H igh Sch ool T r a c k : 31 A A A A b o y 's fin a ls . 
A lam o Stadium , I p m.; G ir l's A A A A R e g io n a l 
Meet. C o rp u s Christi. 
Auto R a cin g D ra g racing. A la m o D ra g w a v , 7 p.m.. Stock c a r racin g . P a n A m e ric a n S p e e d ­ w ay, 8 o.m. 

Sn ake s to play 

The St. M ary’$*Hus- lon-Tillotson doub­ leheader rained out Sa­ turday has been re s­ cheduled for I p.m. Mon­ day at V.J. Keefe Field. 

T rinity out 

SPECIAL TO THE EXPRESS NEWS 
ABUAN*-; - The Trin- i t y - II a rd i n 
Sim m ons doubleheader was rained out here 
S aturday afternoon. No makeup date was announced. The 
Tigers are back in action 
Tuesday at Stevens Field against M ary H ardin- 
Baylor. The tvs inhill w ill begift at 6 p.m. 

SWC rain-out 
HOUSTON 
(A P) 
- 
Rain w ashed out a scheduled 
Southwest 
Conference baseball doubleheader between 
Arkansas and 
Rice 
Saturday. . 

V h o t? / 

$7oS 

2 TON ADD O N 
SYSTEM INSTALLED 
W ITH YOUR PRESENT 
DUCT W O R K. 

W I L L C O O L Y O U O F F 

A T A L O W “ C O O L ” P R I C E 

A 
’ 
A - C S Y S T E M 

I N C L U D E S : Up to I O Ft. O f Power 

Wiring 

Up To IO Ft. of Refrig. 

Piping 

CALL C-A-R-R-l-E-R 227-7437 
Tatum 

A ir Conditioning find Heating 

SALES A N D SERVICE 
SERVING SAN ANTONIO FOR 18 YEARS 

THE CULLUM & BOREN 

 x \ ^ 
X V I 
\ 

I 

TRANSMISSIONS 
JJETKT m ttC T W R TRANSMISSION 
’v ra h S a pa and o m you a 
1 

' / 
U 
I A 
A 
1 5 L 5 f a i r w k I h o n e s t rr 7 T T \'- ESTIMATE 
RESEAL SPECIAL*^ *5 

•F W on t SC A X -K EA R S Z A L * ADJUST o A N O 5 
•SET LIN K A G E-REPLACE PAN G ASKET* 
* CLEAN f-ILTVf? RE (#. 
-FYE/PMT *Qf Ap I 
J*?* 

■ 

Pm oN 
".y> 
■ FAV 
I OO 
S/A-r 
-,3o- 

 f-me 

F R E E R O A O 
TEST 

■ 
WE ALSO SERVICE... 
Pl 
'TOYOTAS DATSON ops us eru- 
TERM 5 A V I L A S towing 

7 3 6 1 5 4 6 ' 

A G A O S S P R O M W O N O C K L A N P 
C O R N E A O f L O O P . 4 ) o 4 
FfzeoeRicKSouA<3 r d 
4627 FREDERICKSBURG 

“IL 

PUBES 

CONTEST! 

APRIL 17— JUNE 3o,1977 
ENTER TODAY! 
NO PURCHASE NECESSARY 

Pick up a copy of the official rules and register at Cullum & Boren Sporting Goods. 

PRIZE LIST 
GRAND PRIZE 
(Worth $7oo) Fishing/Camping Package including: 
15' COLEM AN CANOE • Quick Graphite Rod • 
Quick 7ooB Free-spool Casting Reel • Two Mt. Tek 
2 lb. Sleeping Bags • 2-Man Pack Tent • Two Canoe 
Paddles 
MONTHLY PRIZES 

1st: 

2nd: 

3rd: 
4th: 
5th: 

Daiwa GS-2 Skirted-spool, Ball-bearing 
Spinning Reel and Companion Rod 
Daiwa 5H Free-spool Casting Reel and 
Companion Rod 
Plano 727 Tackle Box 
Zebco 33XBL Reel 
Wright-McGill Eagle Claw “Tom Mann" Rod 

 ciliium & borer 

NORTH STAR MAIL 
344-9245 
MON.-FRI. 1o-9 SAT. 1o-6 

WINDSOR PARK MALL 
653-1511 
MON.-SAT. 1o-9 

5 CONVENIENT PAYMENT PLANS: C&B CHARGE, MASTER CHARGE, BANKAMERICARD. AMERICAN EXPRESS or LAYAWAY 

I 

H 
San Antonio cXPRESS N EW S—-Sunday April <7 1977 
......................, , —--.,.,nnrT.rrnr..r... -.-,.........t.nnmmm.„T|-, 
-nrTmiir,al — —]—,-~iifofTf'1:M~~T1T']ii:rfiMi:1iT,iiir1fflfWTTiiiiiiiii'wiTiiw*i>tTr T un Ar"-■ irrir'TTir-''T'M^^ 

A ^8 t u m b le Bucs 

BLOOMINGTON, Minn. (AP) — National League castoff Geoff 
Zahn scattered four hits Saturday as the Minnesota Twins stopped 
Oakland 3-1 to snap the A’s five-game winning streak. 
Zahn, 2-o, outdueled the A’s Vida 
Blue, who suffered the loss in his first appearance of the year. 
The 3o-year-old Zahn, who was given his outright release by the Chicago 
Cubs last year, fanned six and walked one. He struck out A’s rookie star 
Mitchell Page three times. 
Blue struck out eight, walked three and surrendered just five hits. 
The Twins took a 2-1 lead on Craig 
Kusick’s HBI single in the fifth inning and Rod Carew’s bloop double sent in 
Glenn Borgmann with an insurance run in the eighth. 
The A’s scored first when Manny 
Sanguillen singled home Bill North in the first inning. 
O A K LA N D 
............... M IN N E S O T A 
..................... ob r h bi . . ab r.h bi ct 
3 1 1 o T errell 
3b 
3 o o o 

Cf 
o o o o S M L L E Y 
SS 
Vj ? ? » 

Yanks lose 
M ILW AUKIE (A P) - Cecil Cooper belted a two-run, game-tying homer and Steve Brye singled in the winning run one out later, capping a thrtnsrun nmth-inning rally that carried the 
Milwaukee Brewers past the New York 
Yankees 4-3 Saturday. 
N E W Y O R K 
M IL W A U K E E ab r.h bi 
. . 
. ab r. h bl 

Rivers cf s o l o 
Whlfrd lf 
3 I 
I o 

RWtsMe rt 
4 o 1 o 
Yount ss 
4 I 
2 o 

Munson c 
4 o o o Cooper lb 
2 I 
I 3 
Chmbis lb 
3 1 1 1 
Bando 
3b 
3 I 
I o 

R e ik s n dh 
3 1 1 o 
Lzcano rf 
3 o o o 

C M ay lf 
4 o 2 o 
Money 
2b 
4 o 2 o 
B lair rf 
o 1 o o 
B ry e dh 
4 o I I 
NeMSes 
3b 
2 o 1 o 
Joshua cl 
2 O O O 

Rndioh 
2b 
3 o o 1 M cM lln oh 
I 
o o o 
Dent ss 
3 o o o Hogan it 
o o o o 
Hndrks ah 
1o 11 
Moore c 
3 o o o 
FStnty 
Total ss 
o o o o 

32 3.8.3 
Total 
29.4 8.4 

Two out when winning run scored 
New 
York 
.......... 
OOO 2oo oo I — .3 
M ilw aukee 
...................... 
o o o 1 oo o o 3— .4 
D P - N e w 
York 
I. 
L O B — New 
York 
7, 
Milwaukee 
4. 
2B — R eJo ckso n , 
CM ov. 
3B — 
Bando 
H R —Cham bliss 
IU , 
Coooer 
( I) . 
S B —Lezcano. 
S —Cooper. 
S F — Randolph, 
Cooper. 
IP . 
H 
R E R B B SO 

H oltzm an 
8 
SS 
2 
2 
2 
o 

L v le (L K ,? « v»( 
*4»3i 4k Li 
Vt 
’ » 
’ » 

HOOS 
8 1 3 7 
3 
3 
4 
2 
C a stro 
(VV,1-o) 
2-3 I o 
o 
o 
o 

T—2:24. 
A — 15,913. 

North 
MAIxdr 
Lintz 
Whams 
RS cott 
Pope 
Allen 
Snglien 
Gross 
M cKny 
Arm as 
Pccolo 
Total 

 stop 
Cards 
ST. LOUIS (AP) - Bill Robinson doubled home the tying run in the seventh inning, then scored on Rennie 
Stennett’s single to give the Pittsburgh 
Pirates a 3-1 victory over the St. Louis 
Cardinals Saturday. ‘ 
Erie Rasmussen, o-2, was working on a two-hitter before ave Parker led off the seventh with a single, stole second, advanced to third on Al 
Oliver’s grounder and scored on 
Robinson’s hit to left-center to tie the game at 1-1. 

P IT T S B U R G H 
S T ..L O U IS 
................ 
. . . . . a b .r.h bi 

2b oh 
2b lf lb c 
3b db rf ss 

2 o o o Carew 
1 o o o Hisle 
o o o o Ford 
4 o o o Kusick 
4 o o o Grnski 
4 o 11 Rndall 
4 o o o Brgm n 
3 o o o 
3 o 2 o 
3 o o o 

31.1 4 I Total 

 lb 

 db lf 
2b c 

o I I 
ooo 
1 o o 
I 2 I 
O O O 
o I o 
1 I o 

OOO 

27.3.5 

Dodgers reset 

SPECIAL TO THE EXCESS NEWS 

MIDLAND — The Texas League game between the San Antonio 
Dodgers and the Midland Cubs was postponed because of rain Saturday. 
The Dodgers will take the day off 
Sunday and make ‘their first home appearance against El Paso'Tuesday at Keefe Field. 
San Antonio has a five-game series against El Paso and a two-game mat­ chup with Amarillo during its first homestand. 

Oakland 
Minnesota 

E - Sm alley. 

Oakland 
5, 

Arm as, 
Carew . 

Blue 
(L.o-11 

Zahn 
(W,2-o) 

W P — Blue 

(Lintz). 
T—2:25 

.......... I o o.o o o.o o o—. I 

..................... o I O O I O O I x .H 
D P —M innesota 
I. 
L O B — 

Minnesota 
4. 
2B— Kusick, 
S B — Hisle 
S —T errell. 
IP 
. H 
R E R B B SO 
8 
5 
3 
3 
3 
8 
9 
4 
1 
1 
1 
6 
2, 
Zahn 
I. 
H B P — B y 
Zahn 
A —6,946. 

T veros 
Moreno 
P a rk e r 
O liver 
BRobnsn 
Gssage 
Stnntt 
G arn er 
OM c 
Cndlra 
Helm s 
Krkptk 

Total 

 ss cf rf lf b 
P 
2b 
3b 

 p ph lb 

4 o o o Yngbld 
4 o o o Tmpttn 
4 1 2 o 
4 1 1 o 
3 1 1 1 
1o 11 
3 o 11 
3 o o o 
3 o 1o 
2 o o o 

Scott 
Hrbsky 
Andrsn 
M um ry 
Sm m ns 
KHrndZ 
Reitz 
Brock 
o o o o Kssngr 
1 o o o Rsm ssn 
M cBd e 

32.3.7.3 Total 

3b ss ct p rf ph c1b 

3b lf 
2b p cf 

PiMsburgh 
St.Louis 

E — B Robinson, 

D P — Pittsburgh 
St.Louis 
6. 
2B 

M cBrid e , 

R angers reset 

ARLINGTON (A P) - The Texas 
Ranger-Baltimore Oriole American 
League baseball doubleheader scheduled for Saturday evening was postponed because of rain. 
Ranger officials said another doub­ leheader was set for 1:o5 p.m. CST 
Sunday between Texas and Baltimore. 

Candlrio 
Gossoge 
Rasm ssen 
Hrabosky 

Sa ve —Gossoge 

... 
. 
o o o.o o 2.o o I — .3 
.......... o o o.1 oo.ooo—.I 

Moreno, 
KH ernandez. 

2. 
L O B — Pittsburgh 
5, 

-Reitz, 
Scott, 
BRobinson, 

Gossage. 
S B — P a rk e r. 
IP . .H 

(W.1-o) 
6 
3 
3 
2 
IL,o-2 
8 
5 
T 
2 

(1). 
T— 2:12. 

.R E R B B SO 
1 
o 
o 
2 
o 
o 
2 
2 
2 
2 
I 
o I 

A— 12,513. 

CLEGG EDWARDS 

 is proud 

 to announce 

 the opening 

 of 

EDWARDS 
MOTOR 

COMPANY 

 with complete 

 repair and 

 service dept. 
H tH 

(fo rm e rly P o p e E d w a rd s M o to rs ) 
EDWARDS MOTOR CO. 

924-o331 
1619 S i. Military Dr. 

W e B u y & S e lf C le a n C a rs 

 mmm 

M eet o ff 

SPECIAL TO THE EXPtESS-NEWS 
BROWNWOOD - The 
Howard Payne Invita­ tional track and field meet was postponed because of heavy rains 
Saturday. 
The meet was to have served as a 
“ dress rehearsal” for the Lone 
Star Conference meet 
April 25-26 in Kingsville. 
All of the contenders for the LSC crown were scheduled to participate, including Abilene Chris­ tian and Angelo, the two top entries. 
Howard Payne officials said an attempt may be made e^rly this week to have the meet made up. 

Expos prevail 

MONTREAL (AP) - Gary Carter belted a home run and Dave Cash singled, doubled and scored a pair of runs as the Montreal Expos snapped a three-game losing streak with a 4-3 victory over the Philadelphia Phillies 
Saturday. 
PH 1LA 
, ...................... M O N T R E A L o b .r.h bi . . 
3 1 1 o Cosh 
2 o o o Foil s o i l E V ltn e 
5 o o o Perez 
3 1 1 1 P a rrish 
3 o 1o C rm rte 
3 o 1o Unser 
1o 1o C arter 
4 o 1o Dawson 
1 o o o M ejias 
1 o o o Hnnahs 
o o o o K rrign 
1 1 1 o M c E n y 
o o o o Jo M rls 
1 o o o Atknsn 
o o o o 
o o o o 

33 3.8.2 Total 

32.1.5.1 

T * . V 
* 

M artin 
Bowe 
Maddox 
Lzinski 
Schm dt 
Boone 
O Jhnsn 
Hutton 
Szmore 
Chstsn 
O Brn 
Reed 
FA dw s 
G arb er iorg 
M cG rw 
K aat 
Total 

 cf ll 
3b c ib lb 
2b p 

 ph p ph 
P 
Ph 
P 
P 

2b ss rf lb 
3blf 

 lf c 
Cf cf p p p ph 
P 

 ab 
4 
5 
4 
3 
4 
4 o 
4 
3 o 
2 o o I o 

.h bl 
2 2 o 
2 I 
o o 
I I 
I I 
1 o 
2 I o o o o o o 

TORONTO’S Pedro Garcia leaps over Alan Bannister during Saturday action 

AP W IREPHOTO 
White Sox roll on 

34.4.1o.4 

GLASS TINTING 

For H o m e & Cor A t 
SBLAR-X 

CALL 349-6469 

Philadelphia 
.. 
IO O 
I oo.1 OO— .3 
M ontreal 
.............. 
.. 
2 I O OO 1.oo x— .4 
" E —Bow a, 
Schmidt. 
D P —Ph ilad elphia 
I, 
M ontreal 
I. 
L O B — Philadelphia 
IO, 
Mon- treat 
IO. 
2B—Cosh, 
Foli 
3B — M addox, 
Foli. 
H R —Schmidt 
(2) 
C arter 
(2 ). 
S — 
Hannahs, 
Bowa. 
IP . 
.H 
R E R B B SO 
Chrstnson 
(L.o-1) 
3 
5 
3 
2 
o 
3 
Reed 
3 
3 
I 
I 
2 
I 
G arb er 
I 
o 
o 
o 
o 
o 
M cG raw 
2-3 
2 
o 
o 
I 
2 
K aat 
1-3 
o 
o 
o 
o 
o 
Hannahs 
(W,1-o) 
6 1-3 
6 
3 
3 
5 
3 
Kerrigan 
I 1-3 
2 
o 
o 
o 
I 
M cEn an ey 
1-3 
o 
o 
o 
o 
o 
Atkinson 
I 
o 
o 
o 
I 
2 
Save—Atkinson 
( I) . 
W P — K errig an , 
T — 

CHICAGO (AP) - Pete Vuckovich walked pinch-hitter Jerry Hairston with one out in the ninth to force Oscar 
Gamble in with the winning run Sa­ turday as the Chicago White Sox de­ feated the Toronto Blue Jays 3-2 for their fourth straight victory. 

Vuckovich caused his own downfall when he dropped Doug Ault’s throw at first base on Jim Spencer’s grounder for an error. Gamble then forced 
Spender but Erie Soderholm beat out an infield hit and Chet Lemon walked to fill the bases and set the stage for the wining run. 

The White Sox took a 2-o lead in the third on a walk to Lemon and run scoring singles by Alan Bannister and 
Jorge Orta. Toronto scored in the fifth when Gary Woods walked, went to second on an infield out and scored on 
Steve Bowling’s singles. Winner Steve 
Stone then hit Pedro Garcia with a pitch but got out of further trouble when Jim Mason grounded into a double play. 

The Blue Jays finally tied it in the eighth when Bob Bailor lined his first major league home run into the left field seats. 

TO RO N TO 
I W ab r h bi v. n I VMV*u ab r h bi 
PG rc ia 
2b 
2 o 1o 
Banistr 
SS 
4 1 2 1 
Mason ss 
4 o o o Stllmn lf 
4 o OO 
Bailor lf 
3 1 1 1 
Orta 
2b 
4 o 2 1 
Fa irly dh 
4 o o o Zisk rf 
4 o o o 
Ault 
Ib 
3 o o o Spncer lb 
4 o 1 o 
M cK ay 
3b 
4 o o o Gam ble dh 
3 1 1 o 
GWods cf 
2 1o o SdrlUm 
3b 
3 o 1 o 
Ashby c 
4 o o o 
Lemon cf 
2 1 o o 
Bowing rf 
34o I I 
Essian 
Hairstn c ph 
3 o o o 
C C O I 
Total 
29,2.3.2 
Total 
31.3.7.3 

One out when winning 
T oronto 
........................ 
Chicogo 
............... 
,. 
E —Jefferson, 
Essian, ovich. 
D P —Toronto 
2, 
Toronto 
7, 
Chicago 
8. 

Bailor 
(1). 
S B — Bowling, 

Jefferson 
Vuckovich 
(L,o-l 
Stone 
(W,l-o) 
H B P — B v 
Stone 
(B a ilo r). 

 run scored 
.. o o o.o o 1.o I o— .2 
. . 
o o 2 . o o o . o o 1 — .3 

Soderholm , 
Yuck- 

Chicago 
I. 
L O B — 

2B— P G a rc io . 
H R — 

Bailor. 
IP . . H . R E R B B SO 

7 1-3 
6 
2 
2 
3 
3 

I 
1 
1 
o 
2 
1 

9 
3 2 
2 
5 
4 
(P G a r c ia ), 
B y 
Stone 

Grote lifts Metspast Cubs 

NEW YORK (AP) — Jerry Grote’s two-run pinch single capped a four run seventh inning Saturday that carried the New York Mets to a 4-1 victory over the Chicago Cubs. 

Nino Espinosa got the victory, scattering eight hits for his second decision over the Cubs this season. Rick Reuschel was the loser. 

Reusche! was leading 1-o and pitching a one-hitter in the seventh. 
With one out, Felix Millan was safe when first baseman Larry 
Biittner dropped a throw. Bruce Boiselair beat out a bunt and Dave 
B oston, 8-4 

CLEVELAND (AP) - A two-run tiple by Jim Rice and home runs by- 
Carl Yastzremski and Dwight Evans keyed an 8-4 victory by the Boston Red 
Sox that spoiled the Cleveland Indians’ home opener Saturday. 
Venerable Luis Tiant, making his first start of the season, got the first 
Boston victory of the year after four losses. 
BO STO N 
.................. C L E V E L A N D ab r h bi . . 
........ 
5 2 3 o Maning 
5 12 1 Kuiper 
5 1 2 2 JN o rris 
5 12 3 Carty 
4 o o o Thntn 
4 o 1 o Melton 
4 2 2 1 
3 o o o 
3 1 1 1 

Kingman’s second single of the game scored Millan with the tying, run. 

Then Ed Kranepooi singled Boiselair home and, after Roy Staiger walked to lead the bases, left-hander Ramon Hernandez relieved 
Reuschel. Grote batted for Ron Hodges and his a bouncer to shortstop which took a bad hop over Ivan Dejesus’ head and went for a two-run sngle. 

The Cubs nicked Espinosa for their only run in the fourth when 
Biittner doubled and scored on Bobby Murcer’s single. 
Cub-Met box 

CHICAGO 
N E W Y O R K . ab r h bi 
.ab r h bi 
D eJsus ss 
4 o 2 o Mzzilli cf 
4 o o o 
Crdnal lf 
4 o o o M illan 2b 
4 I 
o o 
Biittner ib 
4 12 o B sc la ir lf 
4 I 
I 
o 
M urcer rf 
4 o 11 Kngm n lb 
4 I 
2 I 
Je M rls cf 
3 o o o Krnpol rf 
3 I 
I 
I 
Otvros 
3b 
3 o o o V ail rf 
o o o o 
M trwld c 
3 o o o Staigr 3b 
2 o o o 
Trillo 
2b 
3 o 2 o Hodges c 
2 o o o 
RRschl 
P 
2 o o o Grote ph 
I o I 
2, 
RHndz p 
o o o o H rrlsn ss 
3 o o o 
Gross 
Ph 
1 o 1 o Esp n sa p 
2 o o o 
Todd 
P 
o O O O 
Total 
31 I 8 I Total. 
.29 4 5 4 

/ S S B I 

Chicago 

Total 

B B ell 
Fosse 
Lwnstn 
Kendall 
Duffy 
Blanks 

37.8.13.8 Total 

 cf 
2b rf dh lb 
3b lf c ah c ss ss 

 ab 
5 
3 
3 
4 
4 
4 
3 
3 I o 
3 
I 

 h bi 
I o 

o o 
o o 
o o 
o o 
I 2 
I I 
o oI I 
o 

34.4.7.2 

I I o o o o o 
o o 
o o o 
o o 

New 
York 
E —BiiMner. 

Chicago 
3, 

Jesus. 

R Reuschel 
I? Hernandez 
»rodcJ 
Espinosa 

T— 1:5o. 

D P — N ew 

New 
York 

(L ,l- l 

o o o.1 o o OOO— .I 
.OOO OOO 4 o * - 4 
York 
3. 
L O B — 

3. 
2B— BiiMner, 
De- 

(W,2-o) 

A — 11,423. 

. . IP 
6 1-3 

2-3 
I 
9 

R E R B B SO 
4 
3 
1 
3i 

Boston 
................ 
2 o O O 2 1.3 o o— .8 
Cleveland 
...........o o O O I o 3 o o— .4 
E — BStanlev, 
Doyle, 
Hobson. 
O P — Bos­ ton 
I. 
L O B — Boston 
6, 
Cleveland 
8. 
28— 

Yastzrem ski, 
Fisk, 
B B e ll. 
3 B - R ic e . 
H R — 

( I ) , 
E v a n s 
(2). 
S B —JN o rris . 

Tiant (VV 
1-o ) 
BStanley 
G arland 
Buskey 
Hood 

Save—BStanley 

2:43 
A—5o,oo o 

IP . . H 
R E R B B SO 

(L.o-1) 

5 
4 
4 2-3 
2 1-3 
2 

( I ) . 
W P —G arland . 

2 
21 
2 
2 

T — 

D odgers, 5-o 

SAN 
FRANCISCO 
(A P) 
- 
Right-hander Burt Hooton pitched a five-hitter and Reggie Smith belted his third home run in two days, helping the Los Angeles Dodgers to a 5-o victory over the San Francisco Giants 
Saturday. 
L O S .A N G E L E S 
. 
. S A N .F R A N 
................. 

T igers, 8-5 

KANSAS CITY (AP) - Rusty Staub cracked a three-run home run in the ninth inning Saturday night, helping the Detroit Tigers overcome five er­ rors and record an 8-5 victory over the 
Kansas City Royals. 
Staub’s blast off Steve Mingori, o-1, followed Tom Veryzer’s double and 
Steve Kemp’s walk. 
The Tigers had taken a brief 5-4 lead in the seventh when Kemp hit a two- run homer off Doug Bird. 
The Royals tied it in the seventh on 
.John Mayberry’s RBI single. 
Ben Oglivie singled in a Tiger run in the sixth and Milt May followed with a two-run double. 

Astro b o x 

 r n 

DON'T GET 

CAUGHT 

MISSING 

OUR 

OLD 

FASHIONED 

FISH 
FRY 

.2.. a b .r.h bi 
Lopes 
2b 
4 1 1 o 
Thmssn 
Russell ss 
5 o 11 
RAdws smith rf 
J I 2 I 
Md lock 
Cay 
3b 
1 1 ) o 
E van s 
G arvey lb 
5 o 2 C M cC vy 
Monday cf 
3 o 1 ' 
WhMid 
Baker lf 
4 I t o 
L M sir 
Hale lf 
o o o o Hill 
Yeager c 
5 1 2 1 McGltn 
Hooton p 
2 o o I ThOIT 

 c 
Total 
34.5.11.5 

Curtis 
Moffitt 
EtlioM 
Crnutt 
Total 

 cf 
2b 
3b lf lb rfss 

P p pl) 
P 

 a b .r.h bi 

5.o 

Los 
Angeles 
............. 
San 
Francisco 
D P —Los 
Angeles 
I, 

L O B — Los 
Angelee 
12, 

2B—Smith, 
Y eager 
2, 
3B— ((Andrews. 
Lopes. 
S— Hooton 
H R — Smith 

I o o.2 o o.o I I — .5 
OOO o o o . o o o— .o 

San 
Fran cisco 
I. 

San 
Fran cisco 
6. 

Thom as, 
M onday. 
(3). 
S B — 

Hooton 
(W,1-1) 
M cG K LO T H N 
(L,o-2) 
Curtis 
MofftM 
CornuM 
W P —Cornute 
T—2:24. 

IP . 
9 
6 
I 1-3 

2-3 
I 

R E R B B SO 
o 
o 
2 
6 

A — IS,517. 

4 
2 
2 
o 
o 
o 
2 
o 

HOUSTO N 
. . . 
. A T L A N T A 
............... 
..6 a b .r.h bi . . 
____ a b .r h bi 
Sprrng ss 
4 o 1 o Office 
Cf 
4 1 o o 
Cabell 
3b 
4 o 1 o R vs te r 
3b 
3 o o o 
Cedeno cf 
4 o o o Mntnez lb 
3 1 o o 
Watson lb 
4 1 1 o B rrg h s rf 
3 o o o 
JC ru z rf 
3 o 11 Mtthws lf 
3 1 3 2 
Frgson c 
4 2 3 1 Correl! 
C 
2 1 1 o 
CJhnsn if 
4 o o o P cro b a 
C 
o o o o 
RMtzgr ss 
2 o o o Gilbrth 
2b 
4 o o o 
Boswell 
2b l o l l Rckett 
SS 
4 o 3 2 
Knczny p 
2 o o o M sm th 
P 
3 o 1 o 
Crwfrd ph 
1o o o 
Smbito 
o 
o o o o 
K Frsch p 
o o o o 
Total 
33.3.8 3 Total 
29.4.8.4 

Houston 
................. 
o 1 o o o o 1 o 1 — .3 
Atlanta 
................. 
o 2 o.o o o.2 o x— .4 
E —R Metzger. 
D P — Houston 
I, 
Atlanta 
I. 
L O B —Houston 
4, 
Atlanta 
IO 
2B — Fer- guson 
2. 
3B--Boswell. 
H R — Ferguson 
(2). 
S B —R o y s t e r , 
Watson. 
S— Royster, 
Mssrsmith. 
IP . 
H .R E R B B SO 
Konieczny 
6 
6 
2 
2 
2 
2 
Sambito 
( L,o-1) 
1-3 
o 
2 
2 
2 
o 
KForsch 
1 2-3 
2 
o 
o 
1 
o 
Mssrsmith 
(W ,l- I) 
9 
8 
3 
3 
1 
2 
H B P —BV 
Konieczny 
(C o rre l!}, 
B y 
Forsch 
(Pocoroba). 
T — 2:23. 
A — 13,782. 

ALL 
YOU 
CAN 
EAT( 

$2.95 

GOLDEN FRIED 
FISH FILLETS 

Filets of fish, deep­ 

 fried to a golden tm, plus 

 cream cole slaw and crispy 

French fries. 

Served Sunday & Monday | 

11 a.m. - 1o p.m. 

6837 San Pedro 

349-1493 

San Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS — Sunday April I 7 I 977 
Crocker, Palm er forge 2-shot lead 

HILTON ll KAD IS ­ 
LAND, SC . (A P ) - 
Veteran Sandra Palmer, starting out three strokes behind, caught up with 
Mary Lou Crocker late in the third round of the 
Women’s International 
Golf Tournament Satur­ day and both will carry two-stroke leads into 
Sunday’s finale. i 
„ 

Miss Palmer, the fifth leading money w inner in women’s golf, picked up two strokes with birdies on the 12th and Lith holes, and 
Miss 
Crocker’s bogey on the 
15th evened it up. 
Both had 54-hole totals of 211, five under par. 
Miss Palmer, who lives in Ft. Worth. Tex., was 

 y M*'"' \ 

CROCKER patiently w aits for her shot 

AP WIREPHOTO 
Saturday’s scores 

HILTON H EA D ISLAND. S.C. (AP) - Third round results ol the 
Wgrrreri's International Golf Tournament (a denotes am ateur): 
M a r? ; 
Lou 
Crocker 
SajKirq 
Palmer 
Scijly „ 
Little 
Jan 
Stephenson 
71-72 71-214 
Pat 
Bradley 
Kathy 
Whitworth 
.Porn 
Higgins 
Jane 
Blalock 
Judy 
Rankin 
Am y 
Alcott a Brenda 
Goldsmith 
Debbie 
Austin 
Penny 
PuU a Beth 
Daniel 
Debbie 
Massey 
Gloria 
Ehret 
Kathy 
Cornelius 
Kathy 
McMullen 
Holis 
Stacv 
Sharon 
Miller 
Donna 
Coponi 
Donna 
Horton 
Laura Bough 

Young 
White 
75 74 7 1 - 2 2 o 

66 73 7 2-2 1 1 
7o 72 6 9 -2 1 1 
71 72 7 o - 2 1 3 

72 72 7 o - 2 1 4 
74-7o 7 2 - 2 1 6 
73 74 6 9 - 2 1 6 
76 72 6 8 - 2 1 6 
73 71 7 3 - 2 1 7 
69 73 7 6 - 2 1 8 
72 74 7 2 - 2 1 8 
74 7o 7 4 - 2 1 8 
73 73 7 2 - 2 1 8 
72 75 7 1 - 2 1 8 
71 74 7 4 - 2 1 9 
72 72 7 5 - 2 1 9 
71 74 74— 219 
73 7o 7 7 - 2 2 o 
75 69 7 7 - 2 2 o 
74 74 7 2 - 2 2 o 
73 75 7 2 - 2 2 o 
74 74-7 2 - 2 2 o 

MISSION 
CLOSE-OUT 
76 MODELS ii! 

 i \ m \ 

NEW 1976| 

CAB OVER 

With Sleeper 
(TITAN 9o) 

8V92 Detroit Diesel, Fuller RTO 12513, 12ooo lh. Front 
• Axle, SQHD, Air Conditioning, Power Steering, 22 inch 
•Spoke Wheels, 1o:oo Rubber, Dual IOO Gallon Fuel iTanks, Stemco Seals, *368HP 21oo RPM. Ports and labor 
^warranty 2 years or 
;2o,ooo miles (highway 
^ 
“service) and 
Much, 
$ Q 
C 
A / 
O O O 
•Much More for only 
Mm 

NEW ’76 CONVENTIONAL 

21oHP Catapiiler 5 speed, 12ooo lb. Front 
Axle, 23,ooo lb. 
2 speed Rear, Power 
Steering, IOO Galllon total Fuel Capacity, 
2o’ Rubber, Spoke Wheels, Trailer con­ nection, 
M any 

Other 
E x ,™ . 
A 
$ 1 
9 
/ 
6 
3 
8 
o o 

6333 • (6o,189" WB, 124" CA, 366 Engine, 4 spd., 2 spd. Axle, RS, 9:oo 
Rubber plus mudi more. 
LIST: $9842.65 
SALE PRICE: 
$8 , 1 4 7 
7oo4 - (6o, 173" WB, 1o8" CA, 366 Engine, 5 spd., HD Axles with 2 
Speed Rear Axle, PS, HD Frame, 9:oo Rubber • plus many more options. 
UST $1o,999.75 
SALE PRICE: 
*9 ,1 I 6 
798o • C6o, 189" WB, 124" CA, Detroit Diesel 4-53 Engine, HD Axles with 2 Speed Reor, HD Frame, 9:oo Rubber, plus much more. 
LIST: $16,266.75 
SALE PRICE: $1 3 , 8 7 2 

Mission 
H eavy D u ty 
Truck Center 

■ 

I Coil Ed Laredo or Carlos Data 
I of 924-2311 
I 
M ISS IO N CHEVROLET 
12oo S.E. M ilitary Drive 

35-34-69 for the day, and 
Miss ( rocker of Louis­ ville, tty., had an even* par 35*37*72. 
With those two tied fur the lead, Sunday’s final 
18 holes over the Devil's 
Elbow course at Moss 
Creek 
Plantation promises to be a battle of the haves against the have-nots in golfing 

 rewards 
Miss Palmer has won a score of tournaments and her earnings approach 
$51)o.ooo. Miss Crocker has won only one and her career winnings are less than $6o,ooo 
Sunday’s winner will 
Docket $12,ooo of the 
$8o,ooo purse, with the runnerup receiving 
Ayala ready for pros 

$8,ooo 
Tied for second place. two strokes behind, with three-rnund totals of 213 were Sally Little, the 
South African who won last year’s inaugural 
Women’s International, and Jan Stephenson, the 
Australian she beat by one stroke in that tournament. 

Miss Little of Dallas. 
Tex., had a two-under 7o 
Saturday and Miss Ste­ phenson came in with par 
72. 
Three strokes off the pace, with 214, were Syl­ via Bertolaccini, a native of Argentina and now a resident of Houston, 
Tex.; Pat Bradley of 
Westford, Mass.; and 

Michelle 
England. 
Walker 

Next, with even par to­ tals of 216, were Jane 
Blalock of 
Highland 
Beach, 
Fla.; 
Pam 
Higgins of Palm Springs. 
Calif.; and 
Cathy 
Whitworth of Richard­ son. Tex. 

FASHIONABLE MEN’S 
CLOTHING STORE SINCE 1933 

NEED 
EXPERIENCED 
SALESMAN. 
LOCATED 
IN 
HIGH 
TRAFFIC 
MALL 
WITH ESTABLISHED CLIENTELE. CLOTH­ 
ING EXPERIENCE NOT NECESSARY. 
SEND RESUME TO EXPRESS- NEWS, 
BO X 5o66. ALL RESUMES WILL BE 
.ANSWERED. 

Continued from Page IS back in touch after one more amateur fight. 
“ Once we get him back in the gym, he’ll have one more amateur fight. That will be his farewell to the amateur ranks.’’ 
Tony said he may take several San Antonio boxers to Hawaii for a card as a package deal rather than just Sammy. 
If nothing is cemented on a Hawaii deal. Sammy probably will make his pro debut in Sun Antonio. 
Ayala's performance bad the crowd at Honolulu’s 
Blaisdell Center in a frenzy. 
Something 
“ That kid is really something,'’ veteran Hawaii trainer Peter Jhun told the Honolulu Advertiser. 
“ He had the people in the palm of his hand. 
“ He doesn’t waste a second in the fight. He gives you action and a heckuva fight the whole time he’s in the ring.’’ 
“ The crowd gave me a lot of support,” admitted 
Sammy. “ I knew I had to do a little more for them.” 
Sammy captured the national title with a unan­ imous decision over Pat Jefferson of Omaha. It avenged a semifinal setback to Olympian Davoy 
Armstrong a year ago. 
“ I didn’t know that much about the individual people I was boxing,’’ said Sammy. “ But I was ready physically and mentally to fight.’’ 
The win brought Sammy’s amateur record over the last IO years to 148 wins. eight losses and two draws. Thirty of the w ins were by knockout. 
Comparatively, Sammy’s older brother. Mike, the reigning North American Boxing Federation Super 
Bantamweight champion, had 162 wins and six losses as an amateur. Mike is 16-o as a pro. 
Credentials 
Sammy’s amateur credentials include a 1975 Na­ tional Junior Olympics championship and a runner­ up medal in the 1974 competition plus a gold medal at the Pan American Games in Caracas, Von., the only gold won by an American at that meet. 
Sammy says it is a misconception that he followed his older brother into the ring. 
“ We started at the same time,” he said. “ Mike was older, but we started boxing at the same time. 
His being good may have helped me along. I knew if he could be that good that I could be good, too.” 
After high school graduation this spring, Sammy intends to seek a career as a computer programmer in addition to his ring pursuits. 
Sammy is a facsimile of his successful older brother, with one major exception. Mike is a right­ hander and Sammy is a southpaw. 
Nicknamed "Zurdo” , spanish for lefthander, by his father when he was younger, Sammy said that lefties are traditionally fair game because they “ are easy to hit with the right hand.” That hasn’t been a problem for him. 
“ He (Tony) taught me to counter real well and it helped me guard against rights,” said Sammy. “ My ability to do that helped me quite a bit at nationals.” 

Both Mike and Sammy gained valuable experience when they sparred against the likes of former box­ ing pro Tony Moreno during training at the San 
Fernando Gym. 
Tony feels it has been a key to the success of his sons and other boxers in the Parks and Recreation 
Boxing Club, like Albert Faveila, who was a National 
Golden Gloves semifinalist. 
“ We have them working against the older, more experienced fighters,” said Tony. “ It’s a new' thing we are using. A fighter learns a lot by going against a more experienced opponent. 

Real good 

“ When he finally gets in the ring against someone real good fie doesn’t have the natural fear because he’s already over that.” said Tony. “ It has enabled our fighters to fight well beyond their capacity.” 

“ It helped me.” added Sammy. “ They are rough on you and you learn to be rough. They are usually a little stronger and just fighting them improves your own strength.” 

Tony attributed Sammy’s success, not so much to his quickness per se, but “ great endurance and high velocity of speed in his combinations.” 

“ That comes from competing at the high level of competition. We stress the art of speed over brawn and power and we want them to box with intelligence and not in awkwardness.” 

Since his victory in Hawaii, Sammy has rested. 
“ But, he has earned every bitof it,” said Tony. 
Monday it is back to work, to begin preparing for his next fight, still unnanounced. 

“ It’s like I ’ve told him,” reminded the father. 
“ Everything that goes up must come down. We’ve got to get back in the gym and start working for the future.” 

— Another Ayala— 

There is yet another Ayala coming along. 

With Mike, now a successful pro, and Sammy, a Golden Gloves champion and soon to turn pro. 
San Antonio's amateur boxing ranks must deal with another son of Tony Ayala. 

Tony. Jr., is 14 and recognized as a comer in the field. Tony is unbeaten in ll fights although he is not old enough to compete in Golden Gloves or Junior Olympics. 

“ He is very strong and mature for his age.” 
Sammy of his younger brother, who fights in the 
152-pound division. 

Tony, Jr., stopped Joe Curiel of Kelly AFB by a decision at Kelly Friday night. It was the first time a fight of his went the distance. 

© © [M E M 

TM 

The Strongest Air Shock 
Absorber in the World! 

• 2oo PSI Air Capacity 

• Lift Tested Up to 14oo Lbs. 
• Limited 2 yr., 24,ooo mi. warranty 

• Fits most full-size U.S. cars, compacts, imports, 

 light trucks and vans. 

Enforcers and other quality Columbus Shock Absorbers are available at the following locations: 

A A A A u to Parts 
11 3 E. Lind bergh 
U n ive rsa l C ity 

A q u ile ra A u to Parts 
5 19 H w y. 9 o W e st 
San A n to n io 

A & R A u to Supply 
H w y. 9o 
C astro ville 

Jig ‘M ’ 
2o23 V 
2 o2 3 V a n ce Jackson 
San A n to n io 

Bill’s A u to Su p p ly 
6 o 7 S id n e y B a k e r 
K e rrville 

Bueche A u to m o tive 
1 512 H w y . 81 W e st 
N e w B rau n fels 

C ald eron A u to Supply 
8o2 E. L o so y a Street 
Del Rio 

C ap e rto n A u to Parts 
8 o 1 o C ro ss C reek 
San A n to n io 

C en tral A u to Sale s 
7o7 A v e n u e G 
Del Rio 

R a y C hain A u to Parts 
3 7 1 9 S.E. M ilita ry Or. 
San A n to n io 

C h am p io n A u to Parts 
1221 W e s t A v e n u e 
San A n to n io 

C olo n ia A u to Supply 
7 5 1 9 So m e rse t Rd. 
San A n to n io 

C om m ercial A uto Ports 
7 2 4 V e rn e Street 
San A n ton io 

C ro ss-A lle n Co. 
SO S E. 8th 
Del Rio 

M r. C. A uto Parts 
San A n ton io 
(A ll Locations) 

M r. C. A u to Ports * 8 
1 2 9 1 2 H w y. 16 
H elotes 

M r. C A u to P arts » 6 
7 o o 5. St. M a r y ’s 
Beeville 

D a v ila A u to Su pply 
223 H w y. 9 o W e st 
San A n ton io 

D e a n s A u to Parts 
4 9 2 3 Se gu in Rd. 
San A n ton io 

Del La R o sa A u to Supply 
7 3 o N o g a lito s 
San A n ton io 

D orna k A u to Parts 
H w y. 97 
Jo urd anton 

Fix’t Rite A u to m o tive 
3 9 3 8 F red ericksbu rg Rd. 
San A n to n io 

4 M A u to Su p p ly 
6 5 9 O ld H w y . 9 o W e st 
San A n ton io 

G & Z A u to Parts 
27o1 C om m ercial 
San A n ton io 

G e o rg e 's A u to Parts 
6 o o N. Teel 
D evine 

G o lia d A u to Su pply 
271 I G o lia d 
San A n ton io 

4igF 
6 7 5 8 W a lz e m 
San A n ton io 

J & R A u to Su p p ly 
Hw y. 87 N o rth 
Boerne 

Jo h n n y’s A u to m o tive 
116 E. M a lo n e 
San A n ton io 

K e ir-H ill A u to Su pply 
2 1 o 7 G u a d a lu p e 
San A ntonio 

L & J A u to P arts 
2 6 3 2 IH 35 W e st 
N e w B raunfels 

L a rry ’s A u to m o tive Parts 
5o2 M a in Street 
Schertz 

M -C o . A u to Parts 
2 4 2 3 P olo A lto 
Sa n A n ton io 

M c G o o ’s D iscount A u to P arts 
3 6 6 o C uleb ra 
San A n ton io 

M ize r A u to Ports 
*1 3 2 3 N.E. Loop 4 1 o 
San A n ton io 

O & C A u to Parts 
9 2 7 N o rth Loop Rd. 
San A n ton io 

P alo A lto A u to Parts 
7 2 7 P a lo A lto Rd. 
San A n ton io 

P o o k ie s A u to Parts 
1o19 Frio C ity Rd. 
San A n ton io 

Q ’s A u to Parts 
4 3 2 2 W . C om m erce 
San A n ton io 

R ig sb y A u to Parts 
2 o 2 2 R ig sb y A v e n u e 
San A n ton io 

R o b e rt’s D iscount A u to P arts 
4 9 3 2 S.W . M ilita ry Dr. 
San A n ton io 

R oos A u to Ports 
2 2 4 3 E. C om m erce 
San A ntonio 

Sanchez A u to Su p p ly 
San A ntonio 
(A ll Locations) 

Sanchez A uto Su p p ly ~ 9 
81 9 K in gsb u ry 
Seguin 

Tieken A u to Parts 
I 19 S. W .W . W h ite Rd. 
San A n ton io 

Tullos A u to Parts 
2 o 6 W e st O a k la w n 
P leasan to n 

Turn K e y A u to Parts 
San A ntonio 
(All Locations) 

U n ive rsa l City A uto Parts 
I 1o1 Pot B o o k e r Rd. 
U n ive rsa l City 

U -S A V A u to Su p p ly 
2 3o 6 N o g a lito s 
San A n ton io 

U -S a v e A u to Sto res 
3 4 7 Junction H w y. 
K e rrville 

* * • » 

San Antonio EXPRESS NEW S— Sunday April 17 1977 
Stoll „ / 6 , shocks lienee 

PORT WASHINGTON. N Y. (AP) - Sixteen-year-old 
Caroline Stoll of Livingston, N.J. upset Dr. Renee 
Richards of Newport Beach, Calif. 6-2, 5-7, 6-1 to reach the final of a $2o,ooo women’s tennis tournament 
Saturday with first-seeded Billie Jean King. 

Ms. King, working herself back into shape after knee surgery last 
November, overcame her inconsistent serves to beat fouth-seeded 
Jane Stratton, Salt Lake City 6-4, 6-1 in the other semifinal. 
The unseeded Miss Stoll, a high school junior who is on a home-study program in order to concentrate on tennis, came from 
o-2 in the first set to win six straight games with the loss of 12 points. 

PETE PADRON 

HAS MET THE REQUIREMENTS TO 
BE A MEMBER OF THE 
President’s 
Cabinet 

FAITHFUL PROTECTION 
SINCE 191o' 

I B I 
Membership in the President's 
Cabinet represents a high level of achievement based on production, persistency and service. American-Amicable is extremely proud of this individual, who along with his wife, was the personal guests of the Company's President at the annual convention in San Francisco. 
/ImBrio an /Imio a Mb 
LIFE INSURANCE COMPANY 

Executive Offices • American-Amicable Building • Waco. Texas 

San Antonio Branch Office: 18o4 N. E. loop 41o 
Phone 828-6336 

Dr. Richards, the 42-year old transsexual who was seeded sixth, rallied to even the match by taking a closely dueled second set after losing a 5-2 lead. 
But Miss Stoll, using top-spin lobs consistently to test Dr. 
Richards’ patience, reached a 5-o lead in the third set to avenge a three-set loss she suffered to Dr. Richards last summer at Orange, 
N J. 
‘‘I knew if I played well, I could outlast Dr. Richards,” said Miss 
Stoll who ranks third nationally in her age group and last week won the girls 18-years and under divison in the Easter Bowl, a tour­ nament for teenagers. 
Miss Stoll, an amateur who can’t collect any prize money. ($3,ooo for the winner; $2,ooo for the runner-up) said she has no intention of turning pro until finishing college. 
Rain halts 
WCT 

HOUSTON (AP) - Se­ mifinals singles matches in the $1oo,ooo World 
Championship Tennis 
(WCT) tournament at 
River Oaks Country Club were postponed Saturday by torrential rains that hit the southeast Texas area. 
Tournament director 
Dick Curran said efforts would be made to have 
River Oaks’ clay courts ready to resume play 
Sunday. It was undecided if both semifinal and fin­ al matches would be played Sunday or if the final would be delayed until Monday, Curran said. 

 ms 
■ > 

CLYDE GLOSSON in action 
Now, choose the 
Winnebago you like and get a cash-back bonus you’ll love! 

III 
I 
IIII 
I i irIa aaI a a 
Ia&wi a a a i a i ia 

 i w 
$3oo CASH BACK on Chieftain 
Ia ii g i 
I a a Ii 

$5oo CASH BACK on Custom 

Heres the classic Winnebago in three handsome models from 23 to 
2b feet. T hey’re long on living room, comfort and convenience features including separate bathroom and tub/shower facilities. Get all this. 

 plus the solid strength of Winne­ bago’s Thermo-Steel® construction now' at a remarkable saving! Cash back bonus subject to restrictions detailed elsewhere on this page. a a a a i i 

Choose 26 to 29-foot models, all long on living space, and quality features. Take your choice of four floor plans, three color-keyed in­ teriors. Not inexpensive, but their 

 price may surprise you. W e’ve made these motor homes luxurious, but we’ve also made them a value. Cash­ back bonus subject to restrictions detailed elsewhere on this page. 

$3oo CASH BACK on Brave 

J 

■ I 
I 
Ii 
I 
I 

 hW 
I 
II 
$3oo CASH BACK on Sportsman’s Deli 

 r rn /wsr-s 

Want full-size motor home space and comforts at an affordable price? f wo models. 21 and 26 feet, give traditional Winnebago styling and quality construction, plus sleeping 

 accommodations for three to seven. 
Solid values, the kind that's made 
Winnebago No. I in motor homes. 
Cash back bonus subject to restric­ tion detailed elsew here on this page. 
I 

It’s the great indoors for outdoors- men! 24 and 25-foot motor homes built expressly for outdoor-iovers. 
W ith safe, handy racks for rods and guns, extra storage space for gear, open space floor plan and full 

 kitchen women will love. Generator, 
AC and other “ extras” included in its modest price. Cash-back bonus subject to restrictions detailed else­ where on this page. 

$3oo CASH BACK on Minnie Winnie 

I 
I 
I 
J 
____ 
___ 
I Hurry, offer is limited! 
I 

I 
I 
J 

Looking for Winnebago quality at its most affordable price? Check four Minnie Winnie models from 2o to 25 feet Our engineering and de­ sign know-how packs great live­ 

 ability and thoughtful features into every square foot. Cash-back bo­ nus subject to restrictions detailed elsewhere on this page. 

IIi 
I 
I 
II 
I 

Come in now, and look over these exciting new Winnebagos. 
Choose the model and floor plan that fits your family, your life-style, your budget. Make your best deal, then present your 
Cash-Back Coupon. You'll receive your bonus, according to model purchased, directly from the Winnebago factory. 

Don't delay. This cash back offer applies only to the first 65 new 1977 Winnebago motor homes sold by participating dealers in Texas through May I, 1977 to retail customers. Ofter does not include 1977 Elandan® II models. Limit of one purchase per family. 
W iSSeSmSS. 
The name that means the most in motor homes. 

BURKE MOTORHOME CENTER INC. 
86oo Broadway — Block North Loop 41o — (512) 828-9134 

Glosson record intact 

San Antonio’s Clyde Glosson is all that separates the Lampasas “ Flash” Johnny 
Jones from the distinction of having his name in all three sprint categories of the 
Texas Schoolboy All-Time Track and Field 
Records. 

Glosson, a hair-trigger sprinter for Wheatley in the mid-sixties, who later did service for Trinity, 
Texas Southern and UTEP, has sole ownership of the 22o standard with and without the aid of the elements. 
In 1965, he set the best wind-aided mark of 2o.4 and the best legitimate time of 2o.6. 
Winner 

Jones, a Texas Longhorn football and track star, ran on the United States’ winning 4oo-meter relay team in the 1976 Olympics at Montreal last summer. 
While at Lampasas High School, Jones achieved a best of 2o.7 in the furlong sprint. 
Another San Antonian, Clarence Johnson of St. 
Peter Claver, held a spot on the all-time list until recent years in the high jump. 
Record 

Johnson’s leap of 7-o(4 in 1966, which stands as a city record, was erased by Galveston Ball’s Gregg 
Lambdin in 1975. Lambdin nudged Johnson out by a quarter of an inch. 
Four national schoolboy records appear on the 
Texas all-time list. 

Dallas Hillcrest’s Bill Blessing owns a national mark in the 33o hurdles at 35.87, Dallas Lincoln’s quick quartet of John Delley, Rufus Shaw and twins 
Gene and Joe Pounc.v reign in the sprint relay at 4o.2 and another Dallasite, Sammy Walker of Samuell 
High School holds the shot put standard at 72-3*4. 

The Houston area teams hold a monopoly on the national mile relay record. Spring Branch Memor­ ial, with star-studded anchorman Dave Morton originally set a mark of 3:11.8 in 1967. 
Ken Tennard, Nat Bankett, Edwin Newsome and 
Joe Johnson of Houston Madison tied that mark last spring. 
Here is a list of the best track and field perfor­ mances in the history of Texas schoolboy athletics: 

IOO Y ard Dash 
Reqqle Robinson, W ichita Falls Washington, 1966 9.1 
Johnny Jones, Lam pasas. 1976 V I 
(Best legal — Dreg Edm ond, G alveston Ball, 1974; Jo n es, 1976, 
9.J). 
22o-Yard Dash 
Clyde Glosson, Son Antonio W heatley, 1965 2o.4 
(Best legal — Glosson, 1965, 2o.6) 
44o-Yard Dash 
Johnn y Jones, Lam pasas, 1976 46.42 
88o-Yard Dash 
Jo h n Drew, Spring B ran ch M em orial, 1968 1:49.5 
Mile Run 
Reed Fischer, Dallas Highland P a rk , 1972 4:o5.7 
12o-Yard High Hurdles 
Randy Liqhttoot, Plainview , 1971 13.4 
Allen Mistier, Houston Sterling, 1972 13.4 
33o-Yard Interm ediate Hurdles x-Bill Blessing, Dallas Hillcrest, 1974 35.87 
44o-Yard Reloy x Dallas Lincoln (Jo h n Dellev, Rufus Shaw, G ene Pou n cv, Jo e 
Pou n cv), 197o, 4o.2. 
M ile R e lay x Spring Branch M em orial (A/like Bouche, Rusty B re n ts, Pau l 
Brad ley, Dave M orton), 1967, 3:11.8. x Houston Madison (K en fe n n a rd , Not Bankett, Ed w in Newsom e, 
Jo e Johnson), 1976, 3:11.8. 
Shot Put x-Sommy W alker, D allas Sam uell. 1968 72-3’4 
Discus 
Kelvin Korver, Irving, 1967 197-3 
Long Ju m p 
Dudley Haas, Corpus Christi R ay, 1959 25-1 
(B e st legal — Phillip Lusk, Corpus Christi M oody, 1968, 24-9). 
High Ju m p 
G regg Lambdin, Galveston Ball, 1975 7 o ' } 
Pole Vault 
Randy Hall, Port Lava ca , 1977 x denotes existing national record. Best legal perform ances are without aiding wind. 
Texas wins track m eet 

SPECIAL TO THE EXPRESS-NEWS 

AUSTIN — Southwest Texas finished second and 
Texas A&l third Saturday in the TAIAW South Zone track and field meet at the University of Texas. 
Texas won the meet with 254 points. Southwest 
Texas had 177, A&I 53, Texas Lutheran 35 and 
Trinity ll. 
The Bobcat women won first six placess and the 
Javelina women took three. TLC’s best finish was a third by Nina Jordan in the shot put. 

The top four finishers in each event will advance to the state meet. 
Defending state champions Gunilla Lind!) of A & I, in the 88o and Linda Montgomery of SWT in the shot put were victors. Montgomery also won the discus. 

Lindh, who holds the state 88o record, posted a time of 2:18.4, while Montgomery paced a 1-2-3 
Bobcat finish in the shot with a throw of 37-3 LL 
Other SWT winners were Gerry Dammer (16-9) in the long jump and 22o (26.3), Pat Williams in the IOO hurdles Sandy Neuendorff (6o.99) in the 44o, and the mile relay. 

A&I also got a first from Lotta Malmstrom in the 
4oo hurdles (63.99) and Bobbi Evans in the high jump (4-1o). 
The Bobcats also had a 1-2-3 sweep in the 44o with 
Margaret Edwards and Dammer finishing behind 
Neuendorff. 
Meet postponed 

The TOIL 3-AAA track and field meet, which was scheduled for this weekend, has been postponed until Monday due to inclement weather. 
The meet, which will be held at Antonian High 
School, starts with the preliminaries at IO a.m. followed by the field events at I p.m. and the finals at 2:3o p.m. 
H.S. off 

All seven high school baseball games scheduled 
Saturday in the San Antonio area were postponed by rain or wet grounds. 
Three games have been rescheduled for 4:15 p.m. 
Monday — New Braunfels at Pleasanton and South­ side at New Braunfels Canyon in 13-AAA East and 
Smithson Valley at Bandera in 27-AA. 
At 7:3o p.m. Monday, the South San Antonio 
Bobcats will play host to the Harlandale Indians in a 
29-AAAA clash at South San’s Burrows Field. 
Boerne St. Albert's Hall visits St. Anthony to take on the Yellow Jackets in a TCIL 3-AA battle at 4 p.m. 
Wednesday. 
The 13-AAA West matchup between South San 
West and Carrizo Springs will be made up only if necessary to the zone race at the end of the regular season. 
No date has been set yet for the non-district game sending Cole to Medina Valley. 

WHIZ KID 

Son Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— Sunday April 17 197 7 
H 

B°bD»le 
I Brahmas lead 

 n 
RICK liKERSKY 
TRlMliTY FRE^HAAAKl 
TOLEDO, WAS OHIO 

H IG H S C H O O L 5 IK G L 6 5 

IM 
1 9 7 5 A N D v7 6 / 

H-OAA 
STATE 
CHAMP 

NUMBER 
THREE 
IM B O Y S 

IB S IN G L E S IM 
1 9 7 6 . . . 

WESTERN OPEN 

S in g le s c h a m p 
IN (Q76... 

 m e m b e r o f 
J unior davis g u p/ ~ 
'TEAM LAST YEAR / / 
°o 

THE RECENT R IC E TOURNEY 
THE UNSEEDED ISRERSKY DEFEATED 
* 3 SEED J A I D ilO U lE OF 5M U 
\K) THE QUARTERFINAL 
KNOCKED 
OFF EM US CHRIS DC LAMEY IM tHRAiCHT SETS BUT LOST A s tra ig h t s e t decisiom TO 
T R IN IT Y TEAM/SAATE LA R R Y 
GOTTFRIED IN THE FINALS 

J 

 f av m i, .< ivat KY t V W H U 
A utom otive values. 
Auto service specials. 
Monday thru 
Friday. 

For most US cars. Call for appointment. 
Lube and oil change. 
88 
6 
Filter extra. 
Complete chassis lubricat­ ion and oil change with up to 5 quarts of Wards 
HD3oW oil. Helps extend life of parts and gives smooth, quiet performance. 

Cars without zerk fittings extra 

Complete brake job. 

Service, part* avail, for most US car*. 

4 drum s. 
2 discs, 2 drum s. 
8 8 
9 4 8 8 

Parts & Labor. Most US cars. 

We install shoes (disc pads). 
Rebuild wheel cyl. (calipers). 
Check m aster cyl., hard­ ware, seals. Repack bear­ ings. Adj. park, brake. Turn 
4 drums (reface rotors). Add fluid. Road test car. 

Most cars. f / Van* and Car* with A/C extra. 
We install points, plugs, con­ denser and rotor. Check FC V valve, air and breather filter. 
8-cyl. car*, 29.88 
Then set dwell and time engine 

Air cond, recharging. 

Parts, 
Q Q freon extra. 
Wards air conditioning ex­ perts check belts and hoses, check for any leaks, then add freon recharging fluid. 
• 

Wheel alignment. 

Helps reduce tire wear. 

Most US cars. Labor only. 

Improper alignment can cause unusual tire wear or front end damage. We check and correct camber, caster and toe. F’lus check front end, brakes, etc. 

Fast service? You bet! 

USE WARDS 
CHARG-ALL 
CREDIT 

WONDERLAND MALL 
MCCRELESS MALL 
WINDSOR PARK MALL 

FFwfatttk***** 24 at I m *1# 
Oven I# AM Maid IEM daily 
J* New •raonl'4**! 3«wiIm*«m 
Op*r. I# AM un til # r M dad* rn a i m 
« i m 
Otm LAM .lu ll I V . .«*!» 

LACKLAND PLAZA 
RANDOLPH PLAZA 

 t m M*h. « M Watt 
*** 
KmA** 

 ai Wand* 
*4«r«* 

By I 
Of TK 

T i g e r n e t t e r s w in 

By KEVIN O’K E E F F E 
OF THE EXPRESS-NEWS STAFF 
Thinking there might be rain in San An­ tonio, North Texas State Coach Casey 
Moore stopped in Austin to call Trinity 
Coach Bobby McKinley, checking on local conditions. 
Following his day Saturday, Moore might have wished he would have turned back up Interstate 35 and headed home to Denton instead. 
Because Trinity did not lose a set and crushed the 
North Texas crew, 9-o, in a dual match at the Trinity 
Tennis Stadium. 
The Tigers (21-3) finished the top four singles matches in less than one hour. 
Best match 

Engine tune-up. 

Part* & Labor. Part* extra. 

Archers 

Ben McKown, playing, perhaps, his best match of the year, took the number one singles, 6-o, 6-2, over 
Gary Olsen. 
Erick Iskersky was a little slow getting started — he dropped his serve twice in the first three games 
— but defeated Rick Franta, 6-3, 6-o, in the number two match. Tony Giammalva, likewise rebounded f r | p p t from a sluggish start, to defeat Brad Richison, 6-4, 
K 
" i l l V 
/ L I 
6-o . 
Eddie Reese, playing in the number four slot, blew by David Cody, 6-2, 6-3; Dave Benson ousted Bill 
Canon, 6-4, 6-3; and Neal Wade blasted Jim Wright, 
6-o, 6-1. Larry Gottfried, normally a member of the top four, was in Denver Saturday to prepare for a 
Grand Prix tournament Sunday. 

 seventh games en route to the triumph. 
Besides his volleying, McKown hit numerous cross court shots and also used his backhand well, spray­ ing groundstrokes all over the court. 
“ I closed the net better than ever today,” the modest, mustachioed McKown said. “ I cut off his passing shots. 
“ I served pretty well and was hitting some good overall groundstrokes. He (Olsen) will keep the ball in play, but won’t force you off the court.” 
Iskersky, another freshman who has been Trinity hottest player of late, said he was not hitting the ball with any power in the early going. 
“ I did not have much on it,” Iskersky stated. “ I had some bad games. He really didn’t beat me that much. I was beating myself.” 
Giammalva, down 3-1 in the first set, came back, largely because of his powerful groundstrokes. “ I played tenatively at first,” he said. “ Then, I just started hitting the ball better.” 

THE EXPRESS NEWS STAFF 
Riding on the strong legs of sprinter L ’Anna Howard, the depth-laden MacArthur Brah­ mas grabbed the lead in the girls division of the 32-AAAA district track meet Saturday at 
Ro-Hawk Stadium.' 
Due to thunderstorm activity Friday and the threat of the same Saturday, only the running events were finished. 
The field events will be held Monday at 
3 p.m. at North East Stadium. 
Howard took firsts in the IOO and 22o and anchored MacArthur^ winning 44o relay team to help boost the Brahmas to a 91-point effort. Another team with tremendous depth, Seguin, held the second spot with 75. 
The Matadors were followed by 
Clemens with 67, San Marcos (5o), 
Roosevelt (43), Churchill (3o) and Lee 
(16). Alamo Heights was scoreless through the first day of competition. 
The 32-AAAA boys division will take 

44o R e lay — 
I. M a c A rth u r ~ 
(W ilm a 
C o m a c h o . 
B e v e r ly 
P o rt e r , D a rla O undas. L 'A n n a 
How ard) 49 65; 2. Seguin (Ja n e t 
F ra n k lin , K e rf R y a n , L o ra in e 
T a y lo r , H e n rie tta F r a n k lin ) 
49.95; 3. Son M arco s 49 98; 4. 
R o o s e v e lt 5o.22; 5. C le m e n s 
5o.45, 6 Lee 51.o. 
88o D a sh — 
I. 
R o s a lin d a 
Ram irez, San M arcos 2.23 34, 2. 
B arb ara Hillis, Churchill 2:25.26; 
3 
C aro lyn L o p e r, M a c A rth u r 
2:28.54; 4. M iria m H am m erte. 
Roosevelt 2:29.82 , 5. Sally Jones, 
C h u rch ill 2:33.22; 6. Je n n ife r 
Moss, Clemens 2:33.3. 
44o Dash — I. B e ve rly Porter, 
M a c A r th u r 58.97; 2. V ic k ie 
P o w e r s , C le m e n s 1 :o o .1 ; 3. 
Yvonne D avila, Lee 1:o1.38; 4 
Charlotte Hglgh, Seguin 1:o2 18, 
5. 
D ia n e 
S la g le , 
C h u r c h ill 
1:o2 761 6. K a rla Bodasalovick, 
Seguin 1:o3.8. 
22o D a sh 
— 
I 
H o w a rd , 
M acA rthur 25.36; 2. V ickv Finch. 
R o o se v e lt 25.55; 3. D e n n e tte 
W righ t, San M arcos 25.55 ; 4 
Linda Cotes, Lee 26,68; 5. Susan 
Rouse, Clemens 27.22; 6. Gabby 
Haves, M acArthur 27.5. 
8o Hurdles — 
I. Ja n e t Frank tin, Seguin 11.o; 2. K eri Ryan, 
Seguin 11.o9; 3. Kathy G rovbeal, 
Clemens 11.1; 4. E lv a Enrlau ez, 
Son M a rc o s 11.11; 5. M o lin o 
O erters, Churchill 11.12; 6. Shori 
Hopkins. Lee ii.15. 
88o Relay —* 
I 
Seguin (L o rome Taylor, Henrietta Fran klin , 
Ja n e t F r a n k lin , K e r i R y a n ) 
1 46 43; 2. San M arcos (M ozell 
P e te rs o n , L in d a W a s h in g to n , 
R o sa lin d a R a m ire z , D e n n ette 
W r ig h t) 1:47.86; 3. C le m e n s 
1:49,38; 4. Roosevelt 1:49.45, 5. 
M acA rthur 1:52.12; 6. Churchill 
(no time). 
IOO D a sh 
— 
I 
H o w a rd . 
M acArthur 11.35; 2. Sy lvia God 
(rev. Clemens 11.53; 3. C arolyn 
T a y lo r, C lem ens 11.65; 4 
Lo rom e T aylo r, Seguin 11.81. 5. 
Linda Washington, San M arco s 
12 o2. 6 
Em ilie Casanova, Lee 
12.o3, 
Mile Run — 
I 
B a rb a ra Coy. 
M a c A r th u r 5:55.42; 2. J u lie 
M ille r , C h u rc h ill 5:56 o2; 3. 
M a r g a r e t D o o le v , R o o s e v e lt 
5:56.84; 4. M a r in a B ra n n o n , 
Clemens 5 56 95; S. Robin Lieck, 
Churchill 5:59.72, 
M ile R e le t — 
I. M ac A rth u r 
B e ve rly Porter, Lisa Sim m ons, 
C arolyn Loper, D ario D undas) 
4:o6.5, 2 Clem ens (L is a H a rri­ so n , R o se P e n k u n is , S u s a n 
Rouse, Vickie P o w ers) 4:o9.24, 
N O T E : The top two places in e a c h e v e n t a d v a n c e to th e regionals in Corpus Christi next weekend. 

 to the track Thursday- at North East 
Stadium, with the field events kicking off at IO a m. followed by the preliminaries at ll a.m. and the finals at 3 p.m. 

Clemens is particularly strong in the field events with Renee Guinn (5-2 best) in the high jump, Paula Smith 
(1o4-o best) in the discus and Vickie 
Powers in the triple and long jump events. Powers is currently second in the city in the triple jump with a 35-31** best. 

Howard, who zipped to an 11.35 in the 
IOO and a 25.36 in the 22o Saturday, leads the city in the long jump with an 
18-o performance and also triple jumps. 

Roosevelt’s Vicky Finch, who fin­ ished within spitting distance of 
Howard in the 22o at 25.55, is also a top contender in the jumping events. 
Finch has the second best long jump in the city at 17-9 and the third best triple jump at 35-2. 
Swifts into Spring 
WITH I HOUR GOLF 

#1 IH 35 at Judson Road. 664 188o 
#2 IH 1o and Loop 41o. 349 1375 

 f TONIC GOU SHOES 
H9.95 $39.95 value 
While supply last 

AT IH 35 LOCATION 

Come and enjov 
OUR NEW MINIATURE 
GOLF COURSE 
Driving Range 
18 Hole Practice Course 
Open 1o am 11 pm 
7 days a week 

Club House with 
Cocktails 5oc all day 
Draft Beer 3oC all day 
Free Popcorn 
Great selection of golf clothes and merchandise 

Bring This 
Coupon and 
Play I Round of Miniature Golf for 

At I 35 
Location 
I HOUR GOLF I 
I 
IH 35 and Judson Road 

In doubles, Iskersky and McKown took the fea­ tured fray against Richison and Curtis Murphy, 6-o, 
6-2; Reese and Benson) downed Frantz and Canon, 
6-4, 6-4; and Giammalva teamed with Mike Davidson to win the number three doubles, 6-2, 6-3, over Olsen and Cody. . 
“ I am happy with the way the guys played,” TU 
Coach McKinley said. “ Of course, I am especially pleased with Ben. 
“ He volleyed well. And that is a part of his game we have been working on. I think Tony and Erick were a little sluggish because they had to wait so long before playing (the match started nearly 45 minutes late because of a light sprinkle at 2 p.m.).” 
“ Eddie also played well. He has been playing some fine tennis. He has a 14-3 singles record this year.” 
McKown, a freshman from Lakeland, Fla., kept his opponent completely off-balance in the first set as he breezed to an easy victory. Olsen won just eight points in the entire set. 
Serve broken 
In the second set, McKow n had his serve broken in the fourth game, but broke back in the fifth and 
Texas golf team wins 
NORMAN, Okla. (AP) — Led by Cindy Lincoln, 
Texas won the Sooner Women’s Invitational Golf 
Tournament here Saturday, with Houston Baptist and Oklahoma State coming in second and third. 
Miss Lincoln, who was also the top player in the tournament a year ago, led the field by eight strokes with a 232 after the final round of the three-day tournament, and helped Texas win the team event by 
2o strokes. 
Other team results were: Houston Baptist 975, 
Oklahoma State 1,o1o, Oklahoma 1,o34, Nebraska 
1,o51, Texas Christian 1.112, Southwest Missouri 
1,166. 
Top individual players after Miss Lincoln were: 
Debbie Skelly, Houston Baptist 24o; Lori Huxhold, 
Texas 241; Susie Stehling, Houston Baptist, 243. 
Champion scores 

C A R L S B A D , Calif. ( A P ) — Third-round scores Satu rd ay in the 
525,ooo Tournam ent of Cham pions on the 6,855-vard, par-72 La Costa 
Country Club course: 
Ja c k 
Nickiaus 
71 69-7o-21o 
Tom 
Purtzer 
74-68 68-21o 
M ark 
Haves 
7o 72 69-211 
Tom 
Kite 
74*68 7o—212 
Butch 
B aird 
72-71 69-212 
David 
Graham 
72 71-7o-213 
Jo e 
Inman 
6o-73 71-213 
G a ry 
Koch 
69-72-73—214 
Johnny 
M iller 
67 74 73— 214 
Lee 
Elder 
68 74-72-214 
George 
Archer 
71 74-7o— 215 
Rik 
Massengole 
72 72 71 — 715 
Bob 
W vnn 
7o 67 78-215 
Bruce 
Lietzke 
71.7o-74-215 
John 
Lister 
75 68 73—216 
Andy 
Bean 
75-71 7o-216 
Donny 
Edw ard s 
73-73-7o-216 
Tom 
Watson 
74-73-69-216 
Graham 
M arsh 
73 72-72-217 
M ac 
M cLendon 
74 74 7o-218 
Gibby 
Gilbert 
74 74 7o-218 
J.C. 
Snead 
76 74 68-218 
R ay 
Flovd 
67 76-75-218 
Roger 
Maitbie 
71 71-77—219 
Dove 
Stockton 
73 72 74-219 
Lee 
Trevino 
74 72 74-22o 
Al 
Gleberger 
74-75-71-22o 
Ben 
Crenshaw 
76-71-75-222 
L a rry 
Ziegler 
75-74 73—222 
Don 
Ja n u a ry 
77-74-71-222 
Dave 
Hill 
71-78 75-224 
Bud Altin j-76-75—227 

The San Antonio Alamo 
Archer’s Association, 
Inc., will hold an invita­ tional Archery tour­ nament next Saturday and Sunday at the club’s field range at Bandera 
Road Park. 
Between 15o and 2oo archers from across the state will compete in 36 classes in the pro, open and amateur divisions. 
Competition will begin at 9:3o a.m. Saturday and 
Sunday. 
Competition will be in the form of a field tour­ nament with contestants shooting at 28 targets at various intervals in the range. 
Kramer to attend 
Two additions have been made to the list of stars attending the up­ coming MS Dinner of 
Champions. 
Rudy Davalos, basket­ ball star of San Antonio and 
Tommy 
Kramer, 
All-America quarterback of Rice University will be on hand at the event 
April 26. 
More than 6o champion athletes in all sports will be at the dinner at the 
Villita Assembly Build­ ing. All proceeds will go to multiple sclerosis with tickets for $12.5o and tables at $1oo. 
Tickets are on sale at the MS Alamo Chapter office, 118 Broadway, phone 227-4481. 
Golf meet slated 

The LongNeck Invita­ tional Golf Tournament will be held April 3o-May 
I at Canyon Creek, tour­ nament director Barry 
Sullivan has announced. 
The tournament, which will limited to nine 
16-player flights, is spon­ sored’ by the Lone Star 
Brewing Co., and the 
Canyon Creek Country 
Club. 
The two-day tourney is open to the first 144 players with entry, dead­ line of April 24. Entry fee is $75. 

O S H M A M S Sporting Goods 
SH OP M ONDAY & THURSDAY ’TIL 9 P.M . 
DIVE INTO SUMMER WITH 

LINA Jantzen 

♦ 

Whether you swim like a fish or prefer stunning sunning, 

Oshman’s has your magic potion for instant beach sen­ 

 sations. Combining all the neat, new things going on with 

 bathing suits .. . ranging from adjustable bikinis to sleek 

 maillots, both with unconstructed and constructed fit 

 that’s better than your skin. An array of sum m er's newest 

 colors in prints and solids. 
2 o .o o to 3 4 .o o 

LA 
\ 

«■** 
J 

O 
S H 
M 
A 
M 
S S p o r tin g G o o d s 

7 2 7 NORTH W EST LOOP 4 1 o 
P h o n e 3 4 2 - 4 * 8 1 
Betw een San Pedro & Blanco Road 
[Across From Central Park Mall] 
.OPEN AN OSHMAN'S CHARGE OP USE YOUR BANK AMERICA RD OR MASTER CHARGE 

San Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— Sunday April 17 1977 

1 .5 OUNCE 

R O LL ON AN TI­ 

PERSPIRANT 

K EEP S YOU DRY 

AND ODOR FR EE. 
,y STYLE 

^ 
15 -OU N CE LOTION 

SHAMPOO LEA V ES 

HAIR SHINY AND 

C LE A N . CHOICE OF 

I O FRAGR AN CES 

ONE STEP 

 t\VJnterPih 

LIGHTERS 

WIDE SELECTION 

OF AD JU S TAB LE 

DISPOSABLE 

B U TA N E LIGHTERS! 

YOUR CHOICE .. 
E A . 

MOORE HOSE 

V2-INCHx 5 O-FOOT 

P LA S T IC , LIGHT- 

* W EIGHT, FLEXIBLE 

GARDEN HOSE. i M ODEL 1 2 1 9 5 o . 
SPRINKLER 

DISTRIBUTES 
WATER EVENLY. 
COVERS ii,225 SQ. FT. 
OF LAWN. 

’O rtho ohino mod 
Chlordane 
Spray 
CHLORDANE 

OR TH O -KLO R 7 2 

16 -O UN C E SPRAY 

K ILLS A N TS , 

R O A C H ES , GRASS 

H OPP ERS , TERM ITES. a 

ROOT FEEDE 

/ 

FERTILIZE 
WHILE YOU 
WATER, RIGHT 
DOWN TO THE 
ROOTS. 

FULL QUARTER a a i m 
. ASSORTED ENDS I I J 1 1 
- “ TRS t S S l f W l 

SLICED BA(X)N-™ 
“ i. 88* 
FRANKS:”-"™....................£88* 
HOT LINKS™”” 
.. 88* 
LINK SAUSAGES” i88* 
FRYER B R EA S T S ™ 
88* 
FRYER DRUMSTICKS ': 88* 
FRYER THIGHS” 
*.........88* 
BABY GOUDA™:™- 
£88* 

FROZEN FOODS 
(HONEY BUNS:™ 
3~s*U 
LEMONADE 
.......29* I 
B A G E LS -::™ 
49‘ | 
| POTATOES 
™’— 
» o1 
I 

"FRIED CHICKEN TO GO” 

8 PIECES FRIED CHICKEN 
(ONE WHOLE GRADE "A" FRYER) 
I PT. ORVAL KENT POTATO SALAD 
4 DINNER ROLLS 
o||l, 

BANQUET 
MEAT PIES 

CHICKEN, BEEF, TU R KEY 

: 

JANET LEE 
MILK 

LO W FAT 

HAWAIIAN PUNCH 
DRINK MIX 

A LL VARIETIES 

27V2 o z. 
TIN MAKES 
8 QTS. 

ATKINS 
PICKLES 

H A M B U R G ER SLICED 

HUNT’S SPAGHETTI 
SAUCE 

PRIMA, RCGUL AR. MEAT. 

& MUSHROOMS 

WE CARE ABOUT YOU! 

AT YOUR NEARBY SKAGGS ALBERTSONS YOUR 
FAMILY’S HEALTH IS OUR MAJOR CONCERN, 
YOUR PRESCRIPTION IS FILLED PROMPTLY, AC­ 
CURATELY, AND WITH THE FINEST DRUGS AT 
THE LOWEST PRICE. 

BAGS 
WASH 

TIX** MEALS 

JAMKT LM CCC AM STYLI OW WHOLE KUNCL 

JANET LM HALVES CW ELKES 
' 
’ ' “ 
. 
- ’ J* 
• 
•.«••• • » •• • . a'#*.*"*: * 

■ ■ i m 
N AMICO V ANAL A COOKS MR AO 

2 - M 
* 
MCO. 

 o L J 1 2 8 

• M T T . 
A 

 t m I 
849' 

LETTUCE 

CALIFORNIA 
SOLID HEADS 
HEAD 
ARTICHOKES 
ONIONS 
AVOCADOS 
GRAPEFRUIT 
MUSHROOMS 

N U T LIKE F LA V O R 
A " $1 
■ 
O N LY 
X 

YELLOW MEDIUM S a l 

CALIFORNIA. RKH A CREAMY 

C 

RUBY r ed. l a r g e size 

TEXAS GROW N 

FO R 
O N L Y 

FOR 

CINNAMON 
ROLLS 
FRIED 
EA. 
DINNER ROLLS= 
2 « 69“ 
C O O K I E S 
3 6 . !1 
POUND CAKES™ ™ 
2 JI 

ECLAIRS.^™.......................5 x, I 

LIQ U ID 
3 2 -O Z . 

D E T E R G E N T ...................................................................................... B O TTLE 
CHEER 

POWDERED 
171-OZ. 

DETERGENT ......................................... PKG. 

3 BIG S. A. LOCATIONS 
WALZ!Al RD. AT MIDCROWN 
5538 WALZER RD.— 656-62oo 
WEST AVENUE AT BLANCO 
11743 WEST AVENUE-349 5287 
BANDERA ROAD A U H 41o 
57o7 BANDERA RD.— 6S4-8S52 

W E A RE O P E N 

24 H O U R S A 

D A Y , 7 D AYS 

A W EEK! 

.s. ins atch 

San Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— Sunday Aprif 17 1977 

ASSOCIATED PRE5S 
NEWPORT BEACH, Calif. - 
The United States swept South 
Africa in their zone Davis Cup competition Saturday, with the doubles team of Bob Lutz and 
Stan Smith victorious 7-5, 6-1, 
3-6, 6-3 in a match that was interrupted when two protesters threw oil on the court. 
The victory save the United States a 
3-o sweep in the -best of five 

 competition. 
The United States had won the first two singles matches of the interna­ tional competiton on Friday, and the victory in doubles left meaningless the two remaining singles matches scheduled for Sunday. 
The 6-foot-5 Smith proved the bul­ wark in doubles, with an assortment of shots ranging from smashes to soft lobs that sailed over the South 
Africans"heads. 
Bob Hewitt, South Africa’s star player, chose not to play in the Davis 
Cup competition, leaving his country 

 with a team of veteran Fred McMillan and 24-year-old Byron Bertram. 
It was Bertram who proved shaky throughout the warm and sunny afternoon. 
A picket line of about 7oo persons marched outside the Newport Tennis 
Club, protesting U.S. involvement with 
South Africa which practices racial apartheid. 
The picketing was peaceful outside the gate. But after the first two sets had been won by the United States and 
South Africa led the third by two games to one, two black men dashed 

 down an aisle and onto the court, one of them dumping motor oil onto the court from a plastic bottle. 
The United States* nonplaying cap­ tain Tony Trabert assailed one of the men with a tennis racket before they w'ere taken into custody by Newport 
Beach police. 
Police Lt. Arb Campbell identified the two men as Alvin Leonard Dortch, 
29, and Stanley Deacon Alexander, 3o, both of Los Angeles. 
The United States grabbed the lead early, breaking Bertram’s serve in the fourth game of the first set to lead 3-1. 

■PC 

I W B k 

STAN tension 
SMITH expresses 

AP WIREPHOTO 

Prices e f f e t e 
97? through Apr* prices 

Sylvania GT-Matic big screen color TV sale *679 
Sylvania 25” Color Console, while you’re watching the program exclusive GT-Matic chassis watches the picture to keep the picture bright and the color right from station to station and program to program. Pecan grained finish and Mediterranean styling make this set a beautiful addition to your home. Charge it today and save. . . Sylvania . . . A White’s BEST BUY! 
122-7886 

SYLVANIA 
GT-mATIC 
SELF-ADJUSTING 
COLOR 

SYLVANIA 

CATALINA home stereo center priced to sell! 
$149 
I i v complete 
Save 2o.77. Regular 169.77. 
Stereo with a sound that says it should cost a lot more than this super low price! You get an 8- track tape player, AM, FM and 
FM multiplex stereo radio, & full size record changer! 
Headphone jacks. Matched balanced speakers. 123-636o 

GREAT buy on SYLVANIA^ 19” b & w big screen portable! 
*134 
Biggest screen of Sylvania’s great compact portables! 
Featuring all solid state chassis for low energy consumption and dependable operation! Memory VHF fine tuning you can set, then forget, for crisp pictures on any channel you select! 
7o position UHF tuning. Telescoping VHF and bowtie UHF antennas. Sturdy carrying handle. 122-7519 

OUR best buy in a color portable 
*299 
Save 2o.77. Regular 319.77. 
Catalina 13 inch companion color portable TV with big 82 sq inch viewing area! No fuss pushbutton color tuning and VHF automatic fine tuning teamed up with a dependable all solid state chassis. Automatic gain control. Sturdy carrying handles. 
Contemporary walnut finish. 
122-6113 

 sale *233 
Save 96.95 
Reg. 329.95 
12 cu. ft. Catalina refrigerator/freezer. 
Features special energy saving trimwall foam construction, automatic temperature control, egg storage, dairy chest and sliding crisper. Door conversion allows for right or left-hand door, beautiful acrylic enamel finish. Use your Whites EZE charge and own it today! White finish. 
13o-5o1o 

CATALINA 

36.77 
Catalina deluxe multi-band radio. 
WHITES HAS ’ EM at $12 off regular price. Pulls in crisp, clear AM, FM, police calls, aircraft in flight, CB bands, plus logging scale and separate weather tuning! Operates on batteries or house current. All solid state. Telescoping antenna. Earphone jack. Padded luggage style cabinet with sturdy carrying strap. Own it today. Makes a terrific gift. 12o-6245 

29.88 
CATALINA 

Whites Advertising Policy 

Our every intention is to have att advertised items in stock and on our shelves lf for any unforeseen reason an advertised item is not available White* wrti cheerfully issue a RAIN CHECK on request for the merchandise at the sale price when it becomes available, or 
Whites wilt offer a comparable item at a Similar reduction in price. 

Emerson AM/FM digital clock radio is another 
WHITES BEST BUY at almost $1o off regular price 
Dependably accurate digital time with push button function switch and built-in AFC! Wake to music! 
6o minute sleep switch for those 1o extra winks! 
Rich walnut grain finish. 12o-6165 

Use Whites EZE credit plan 
Free delivery within Whites service area 

Mediterranean 
Stereo Console sale *238 
Save 11.88 
Reg. 249.88 
Catalina Console Stereo, beauty, style, and great sounds all in one. Enjoy 
AM/FM, FM Stereo, your favorite records, or 8 track tapes. You can even record your own tapes in full stereo. 
42” long cabinet with solid wood top is finished in rich looking pecan. Includes microphones, diamond stylus full size automatic record changer, and tape storage well. 123-6656 

*99 
Save 49.95. Regular 
149.95. 
Deluxe 3-way recliner. 
BIG .. . BOLD . .. 
BULKY! And so nice to v come home to! Don’t confuse with cheaper recliners! Fully framed, with diamond tufted knife edge back and generously foam padded roll arms. 224-3o65 

★ 3114 WOODLAWN 
AT BANDERA RD. 
Mon.-Sat. 9-6 
SERVICE DEPARTMENT 

149 TERRELL PLAZA 
12oo BIK. AUSTIN HWY. 
Mon.-Sat. 9-6 
SUPER SERVICE CENTER 

★ 1o2 N.W. CENTER 
36oo FREDERICKSBURG RD. 
Mon.-Sat. 9-6 
SUPER SERVICE CENTER 

★ 1751 S. W.W. WHITE RD. 
OPEN THURSDAY 
Mon.-Sat. 9-6 
SUPER SERVICE CENTER 

★ 6o2 W. SoUTHCRoSS 
AT THE EXPRESSWAY 
Mon.-Fri. 9-7 
Sat. 9-6 
SUPER SERVICE CENTER 

2115 GOLIAD RD. 
Mon.-Fri. 9-7 
Sat. 9-6 
SUPER SERVICE CENTER 
Ba n k Am eric aro i 

(/«/corn/ Zn re 

— 4 Z F * * 
' v 
^ Tr w 
, 
' 
* 
L ^ 
1 
**> "'Xc^ 
. 
' 
' 
/ ^fcs^S-X 
W*'»w». *w> v*^>'v;>^KC^«,lSif • 
. .,. ^ v . V ':, • Vv £ :-&A-•; ‘ <'~ •’. •?, 
..... 
... $ '• .. J, W £$ . 
' /'V<X' '&&&&&..• Xs</X< 
THIS N EW 22o-foot pier constructed by the river authority offers anglers access to w ater about I 2 feet deep 
A look at 
B r a u n ig ’s new pier 

Photos bv Joe Barrera 
Jr. 

Times 
& tides 

TIDES 
Port Aransas 
April 17 
April 18 
Lo 8:18a.m . 
Lo 9:o3 a.m. 
Hi 
2:54 a m. 
Hi 3:5o a.m. 
Lo 
8:11p.m. 
Lo 8:43 p.m. 
Hi 
1:o1 p.m. i 
1:21 -.rn. 

Port Isabel 
April 17 
April 18 
Lo 
9:24 a.m. 
Lo 9:59 a.m. 
Hi 
5:o9 a m . 
Hi 5:54 a.m. 
Lo 
9:oo p.m. 
Lo 9:29 p.m. 
Hi 
4:o9 p.m. 
Hi 2:21p.m. 

SU N R ISE-SU N SE T 
April 17 
April 18 
Rise 6 o6 a m. 
Rise 6 o5 a m. 
Set 7:o2 p.m. 
Set i' bo2 p.m. 

M O O N R ISE-M O O N SET 
April 17 
April 18 
Rise 5:37 a m. 
Rise 6: 12 a m. 
Set 
6:36 p.m. 
Set 7:29 p.m. 

MOON PH A SES 
New moon: April 18 
First auarter. April 26 
Full moon: AAav 3 
Last auarter: M ay IO 

I 
~ 
Sunday 
( ) utdoors 
I 
Kxpppss-Mews mm. WL> 

Sunday April 17 1977 j 

T-HEAD at end of pier will accom m odate several fishermen at a time. W aters alongside the pier have been baited with alfalfa hay 

BANK fishermen at Braunig Lake are handicapped by shoreline vegetation and shallow water 
Boaters: ( .heck life preservers 

SPECIAL TO THE EXPRESS NEWS 

AUSTIN — A life preserver which has been laying around all winter probably needs some attention before use in another season of boating. 
Water safety officials at the Parks and W ildlife Department remind boaters that game wardens check per­ sonal flotation devices (PFDs) on state waters and the devices are required lo be in serviceable condition. 
Fabric on PFDs wears after years of service. Yank on the straps. If the fabric tears, it’s rotten and the jacket or cushion should be replaced. 
Many lifesaving devices are filled with kapok, a material which remains bouyant only as long as it’s dry. The kapok bags inside should be light and fluffy. If the preserver feels heavy, one of the bags may have ruptured and be waterlogged. 
During the summer the most com­ mon offenses wardens come across are failure to have proper number of PFDs for each person on board a boat and lack of serviceability of the devices. 

RUBY JONES of San Antonio displays a 314-pound catfish she caught from the new pier, which opened this month 

DON'T MONKEY AROUND THIS SATURDAY 
MOI GROUND CUARANCE-&POMT MICH 
FARM AND GARDIN TRACTOR with the following tools: 

44” M ly rn *ta ta i b r crithrit«rs 
Mg pit* 
Am p trailer re 
A k barren wGAebesten treat 
GO SKiDCX- 
AMERKAN MADI 
16 H.P. 

THE TORGERSON CO. 
.739 Steves Ave. 
D Phone 533-5145 

ALL PARTS AN D LABOR GUARANTEED 
All M ajor Credit Cards Accepted 
GILLESPIE FORD 
23oo BR O A D W A Y 

Search for the big bass 

B y D A N K L E P P E R 

OUTDOOR EDITOR 

K L E P P E R 

Some tips fo r boat camping 

Camping from a boat is an outdoor experience which many people enjoy. 
For one thing, it’s a good way to get off by yourself, away from camping crowds. 

While a special kind of tent isn’t needed for comfortable boat camping, the outdoor recreation authorities at 
Mercury outboards recommend you choose one which fits the special kind of use you’ll give it. They offer some tips about tent construction that will put you in the proper equipment for waterside camping. 

First consideration 

First consideration should be the type of material used in the tent body. 
Cotton is recommended where heavy dew. frequent overnight rains, or other unusual moisture conditions prevail. It weighs more than nylon and other synthetic materials but breathes better and is more waterproof. Nylon fabric is so tight that it doesn’t breathe, and it has a tendency to leak at the seams. 

Other important construction fea­ tures are the stitching and reinforc­ ing of the fabric at stress points. Best stitching is 7 to IO per inch, and definitely not less than five. Additional fabric, and brass or aluminum grom­ mets, should be sewn in at all stress points. 

Pegs 

Many times tents used for boat camping will be set up on gravel along streams and lake shores. This calls for sturdy metal or plastic tent pegs which will withstand being driven into the rocks. A tent with a sewn-plastic floor will prevent ground moisture from being drawn into air mattresses and 
W fW sleeping bags. Also, be sure that (he tent poles are aluminum or fiberglass, and that they fit together without binding. 

Perhaps the most important consid­ eration is the amount of ventilation the tent will provide. Buy one which has ample door and window' openings with screens to keep out insects. Rid- geline ventilation is desirable since this allows hot air to escape from the top and cool air to enter from below. 

^very bass fisherman proba­ bly has daydreamed about what he would do if he caught the world record largemouth, one which would top the 22-pound 
4-ounce fish caught in Georgia back in 1932. 
Just think, you’d get your name in a book. Of course, if you have a tele­ phone, your name’s probably already in a book. But that’s different. 
Some fishermen daydream about the fame that would come from catching a world record fish. Others daydream about the riches such a catch would bring. 
But it would not be quite as simple as most daydream. The prestige and pesos might be about as real, about as sub­ stantial, as the dream itself. 
And the angler who caught the world record largemouth might, in turn, become the world record disappointed fisherman. 
Fame is fleeting. There are many holders of world fishing records' around today. They are famous, right? 
Name five. And no peeking in the record book. 
VV hem someone asks w hat the w orld record for a particular species is, they also ask who caught it, right? 
Guess again. They want to know how big the fish was. They might ask where it was caught. They might even want to know when the record was set. But who set it? Who cares? 
It has been rumored that the world record bass would be worth from 
$5o,ooo up. To my knowledge the rumor remains just that. . . a rumor. 
Lake Yojoa 
There would be a way to gain a little fame and fortune from the daddy of all bass, but you’d have to work at it. The way would be through endorsements. 
What brings this subject to mind is the fact that I ’m off to Lake Yojoa in 
Honduras to fish where the world record bass might someday be caught. 
As a member of an advisory group for Royal Red Ball, manufacturer of foul weather gear, rubber boats and' waders, I am attempting to catch the world record bass between discussions on how to keep your piggies dry. 
I tried catching the record at Yojoa last year, too. I only missed it by 16 pounds 4 ounces. 
But tnat doesn’t keep me from day­ dreaming about what I would do if I catch a bass bigger than . . . cr . . . ah 
. .. what’shisname did in Georgia back in 1932,______________________________ 

Homer Circle, freshwater fishing editor of Sports Afield, recently inter­ viewed three Florida bass guides and asked them what they would do if they caught the record. 
One said he would keep it alive for scientific study. Another said he would release it. The third said he would capitalize on it for the benefit of his family. 
I don’t agree with any one of the three. First, I’m going to kill it. If I catch it. ifs got to be a very stupid fish, one which should not be permit­ ted to sire stupid offspring. 

Second, only a fool would try to release a dead fish. Third, I’m going to capitalize on it for the benefit of M^. 
In order to capitalize on it, I am go­ ing to make enemies. There are ll other outdoor writers with me on this trip, so the first thing I ’ve got to do when I reach the dock is stuff the fish under my rain coat, then run for my cabin yelling, “ No photos! No photos!” 
Once behind locked doors, I am go­ ing to round up every brand of fishing tackle I can find and start taking pic­ tures of myself (using the self timer on the camera) with the fish. 
I will keep changing rods, reels, lures, line, etc., until I have photos of myself posing with all available brands. Next will come whiskey, beer, soft drinks, cigarettes, clothing, cereal boxes, coffee cans . . . anything with a brand name on it. Might as well touch all bases. 
Then I will sit back and wait on the bids. The amount of money a man­ ufacturer is willing to pay for my en­ dorsement of his product will deter­ mine which brand of equipment was used to catch the bass. 
I’ll be famous. I can see it now . . . television, billboards, ads in magazines . . . me posing with my world record bass, wearing nothing but my Fruit of the Loom underwear. 
Antistat! catch 

 saw 

Bob Westall of San Antonio caught this 
6-poun d I 3-ounce bass on a white spinner bait at Amistad Reservoir in five feet of water 

O peM A 'tkfc tLotyv..l(uJin& ovc tAe.ClqUC... 

 th e (W iz.. .tockl «£»Ugiitf 
AUTOMATIC GARAGE 
DOOR OPENER SYSTEM 

BUYi 

SEE & COMPARE! 
PRICES INCLUDE: 
• INSTALLATION WITH 
ONE TRANSMITTER 
• FULL ONE-YEAR W A R R A N T Y 

•Pi1 

GENIE® a good w ay to get in . . . when it’s unsafe to get out! 

*2o9! 

Superb styling. Vo H.P. rated. Screw drive. 

$ 1 5 9 5° 

Va H.P. rated 
Chain drive a s 

Discover w hy features • Superb styling, like these have m ade • W orm screw drive 
G e n ie ' the w orld’s • Built-in time fastest selling ga rage door opener system s. 

• U.L. Listed 
• Sensitive safety device 
.. _ _ c, _ K1. v . • Solid state radio controls. 
(G S45o MODEL O N LY) 
Certified to comply wlth F c c < regulations 

USE OUR EASY PAY PUN— 3 EQUAL PAYMENTS 
WITH NO INTEREST OR CARRYING CHARGES 
Your Garage Door Headquarters since 1947 

HOLLYWOOD CRAWFORD DOOR CO. 
13811 SAN PEDRO 
494-3434 

227-141 I 
• W e service what we sell • 

SUPER SPECIALS: IS & 17' BASS BOATS 
NOW 
I 
W W jiR A D Y BOAT; 

SELECT FROM ONE OF TNE 
LARGEST INVENTORIES 
IN TEXAS! 

PAYMENT 

FINANCING 

 p 
O P E N 
W E E K D A Y S : 9 7 P M 
S A T U R D A Y : 9-4 P M 
S U N D A Y 
I 6 P M 

M T SOCIAL SCC UN m r N U M B U IS: 

San Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— Sunday April 17 1977 
H Page I 1-S 
— 
, 
— 
_ — 
- — im m s t r 
- ------------ - 
--------------— 
“ 
--------- 
Express-IVew§ Scoreboard 

RESEAL 
SPECIAL hen your transmission is oking or jerking in some ses oil you need is a seal 

ASK ABOUT OUR 
CONDITIONAL GUARANTEE 

7 . T O IN T E R 
S im p ly N II m th o • n t r y coupon w ith o il rsKfwostod in fo rm a tio n an d y o u r Social S o cu rity N u m b e r an d m a il h to SW EEPSTAKES. EX­ 
PRESS 
A N D 
N EW S. 
P O 
B O X 
2 S IS , Son A n to n io , T s x o i 7 8 2 9 7 . 
Tho on+ry cou p o n m u st b « a d h a r- t d to a p o stca rd , o d d ro ss o d , a n d th an m o ilo d - N o p u rch a se is ro - q u trv d to o n tN r. E n try card s also o va ilo b lo a t th o 
Eaprass an d 
N o w s, A v o . C a n d T h ird St., fro m 
8 :3 o a .m . to 
3 :3 o p .m . w k d ay s. 8 # sura to chock th o “ YES** b o x rf yo u w ish to subscribe to th e Express o r N o w s o r b o th o r if yo u w ish to a d d on th o o th e r p a p e r. O r fill in th o “ N O ” b o x if yo u d o n o t w ish to subscribe. 
E ith er w a y , y o u o re e lig ib le fo r th o p rises if yo u sen d in th o c o m ­ p le te d e n try card- 

7. PRIZES 
Prises w ill b e o ffe re d d o ily . M o n * d a y th ro u g h fr id a y , in th e Sa*n 
A n to n io Express a n d The N e w s a n d S a tu rd a y a n d S u n d ay in th e 
Ix p re s s -N e w s , b a s e d on a d r a w ­ ing co n ducted d a ily e n d on F ri­ d ay s fo r th e w e e k ends an d 
M o n d a ys . W in n e rs w ill b e a w a r ­ d e d g ift c e rtific a te s e n titlin g th e m to th e ir choice o f re ta il m erch a n d ise fro m firm s w h o h o v e a d v e rtis e d in tho San A n ­ to n io Express, The N e w s . or S a t­ u rd a y o r Su n d ay 
E x p res s-N ew s d u rin g th a t w e e k . 

S U N D A Y 
PRIZES 
W i l l 
CONSIST 
OF 
B O N U S 
N U M BERS 
W O R TH 

S t OOO 
O R 
M O R I 
CACH 
W I I K . 
P IU S IO SPURS SS TICKETS EACH 
S U N D A Y . 

 lf th e w in n e r o f th e 
Su n d ay 

The R u le s : 

Bonus 
N u m b e r is a p re s e n t subscriber to th e d o ily Son A n ­ to n io te p re s s an d The N e w s , he o r she w ill b e a w a rd e d o n a d ­ d itio n a l 
$ 5 o o 
In p riz e s , lf th e 
S unday Bonus N u m b e r w in n e r it a p res en t subssriber to tho d o ily 
I , p res t Of) The N e w s , h e o r th e w ill b e a w a rd e d a n a d d itio n a l 
S IS O in p riie s . 

SATURDAY PRIZES W i l l CONSIST 
O f: 
*5o (I) 
*5 HI 
IO IS ) 
7 SPURS SS TICKETS (S P A IR ) 

DA ILY PRIZES IN BOTH THE E X ­ 
PRESS A N D THE N EW S: 

SSO ( l l 
35 (3) 
IO (S) 
2 SPURS SS TICKETS (3 P A IR ) 

A 
TOTAL 
O f 
S 3 OO 
IN 
PRIZES 
D A U T PIU S 8 SS SPURS TICKETS! 
3. HOW YOU CAN 
WIN: 
A d ra w in g w ill b e h e ld d o ily to d e te rm in e th e fo llo w in g d a y 's w in n e rs. S a tu rd a y , S u n d ay , a n d 
M o n d a y w in n e rs w ill b e d ra w n th e p rec ed in g F rid a y. The e a rlie r yo u send in y o u r e n try , th e m o re w e e k s yo u w ifi b e e lig ib le to w in prices! 
4. DEADLINE TO CLAIM 
PRIZES 
W in n in g n u m b ers w ill b e p u b lis h ­ ed each d a y in th e San A n to n io 
Express, Th e N e w s , a n d S a tu rd a y an d Sunday 
Ix p re s s -N e w s . 
E x­ press w in n e rs w ilt h a v e u n til n o o n th e fo llo w in g d a y to claim prises. N e w s w in n e rs w ill h a v e 

 u n til 5 p .m . th e fo llo w in g d a y to claim p rises, lf a w in n in g n u m b e r is pu b lished on F rid a y , S a tu rd a y , o r Sunday, th e p ris es m u st b e c laim ed b y 5 p .m . th e fo llo w in g 
M o n d a y o r th e y w ill b e fo rfe ite d . 
W in n e rs m a y com e to th e C ir­ cu latio n 
D ep t, o f th e 
E xp ress- 
N e w s b u ild in g . A v e . I a n d T h ird 
St. to cfoim th e ir p ris es . 
T h ey m u st h a v e p ro o f o f th e ir Social 
S ocurity n u m b er, p r e fe r a b ly a 
Social Secu rity c a rd , p ius o th e r id e n tific a tio n . W in n e rs m u st co n ­ ta c t th e Express a n d N e w s b y th e a p p ro p ria te d e a d lin e o r p ris e s w ill b e fo rfe ite d . 

5. WHO MAY INTER 

T h e $3o,ooo S w e e p s ta k e s ’77 is o p e n to a n y re s id e n t of an y arg o w h e re th e San Antonio Express e n d The N e w s a re distributed. 
The o n ly re q u ire m e n t it th a t he o r she h a v e , o 
S o cial Security n u m b er. E m p loyees and im m edi­ a te fam ilies o f 
Ix p ress-N ew s 
C o rp . an d 
W o rld 
P rin tin g Co., th e ir a g e n t* an d d is trib u to r* a re n o t e lig ib le . 
N O 
PURCHASE 
IS 
NECESSARY TO ENTER OR C LAIM 
A PRIZE. A n e n try ca rd w ill b e fu rn ish ed upon re q u e s t fro m th e 
San 
A n to n io 
Express a n d 
The 
N e w s fro m 8 :3 o o .m . to 5:3o p .m . w e e k d a y s . 
W in n in g num ­ b e r* m a y b e v ie w e d a t th e Ex­ p res s-N ew s b u ild in g fro m 8:3o o .m . to 3 :3 o p .m . M o n d a y -F ri- d o y , o r a t public lib ra rie s during op en 
Hours. 
Y O U 
N IE D 
NOT 
SUBSCRIBE 
OR 
M A K I 
A N Y 
PURCHASE. But yow m u st en te r to b e e lig ib le to w in . THIS OFFER IS 
V O ID 
WHERE 
RESTRICTED 
BY 
LA W . 

'I 
Bum will of h osp ital 

ATLAS 
TRANSMISSION 
SPECIAL 
FLUID CHANGE B ADJUST 
CHECK UNKAGE-CIEAN 
FHTER-fiEPlACE PAN 
GASKET ETC. 

F IN A N C IN G ARRANGED 
We are not newcomers, 14 years in San Antonio 
A T I A S ----------- 
TRANSMISSION 
NORTHSIDE LOCATION 
28o6 BUNCO 
732-9628 or 732-93o1 
1711 N.E. 1ooP 41o 
828-9545 
1 (No. Side Loop 41o A Harry Wurzbach Exit) 
SOUTHEAST LOCATION 
7o3 S. W.W. WHITE 
333-93o8 
SOUTHSIDE LOCATION 
1535 S.W. MILITARY DR. 
923-7546 

Bum P hillips, Houston Oiler head coach, was released from the hospital Sunday after a 12 day stay. Phillips was badly bruised when thrown from a horse. 
J 
TODAY’S 

BONUS NUMBER: mnm-mm-rrrom 

The follow ing numbers win 

1 o 4 6 o - 4 6 - 3 5 9 9 
* 1 o ^ 
- ^ 
- 3 o 3 3 
IN GIFT CERTIFICATE 
IN GIFT CERTIFICATE 

* 1 o 9 6 M O - 5 R 3 2 
* 1 o ' 1 o o - 8 o - o 1 6 o 
IN GIFT CERTIFICATE 
IN GIFT CERTIFICATE 

 s I o 4 6 7 - 3 6 - 3 6 1 4 
IN GIFT CERTIFICATE_____________ 

DEADLINE: S 
P . M . 
M o n . 
4 - 1 8 - 7 7 
No claims honored on Saturday or Sunday. 

Claims not honored on Sat. or Sun. 

Winners must bring their Social Security card and another form of iden­ 

 tification to the SWEEPSTAKES EDITOR at the Express-News building, 

Ave. E and Third St. by the deadline indicated above. Prizes will be 

 forfeited otherwise. ALL PRIZES ARE IN THE FORM OF GIFT CERTI­ 

FICATES FOR THE AM O UNT W O N REDEEMABLE AT STORES WHICH 

HAVE ADVERTISED IN THE SAN A N T O N IO EXPRESS, THE NEWS, 

OR WEEK END EXPRESS-NEWS THIS WEEK. Winners of Spurs tickets 

 will receive ticket claim letters with which they may claim their two free 

 tickets to the home game of their choice. 
A BONUS NUMBER 
WORTH $1 ,o o o OR MORE 
IN PRIZES 
EACH SUNDAY 

PLUS A SUBSCRIBER BONUS 
THAT CAN W IN YOU UP TO 
$5oo EXTRA IN PRIZES! lf you’re the winner o f our big $ 1 ,o o o Bonus Number, and you’re a present subscriber to the daily San Antonio 
Express and The News, you’ll be awarded an ADDI­ 
TIONAL $5oo IN PRIZES! lf you win the Bonus Number, and you are a present subscriber to the daily Express or 
The N e w s|^o u ’ll claim an additional $ 2 5 o in prizes! 

SEND IN YOUR ENTRY TODAY 
The earlier you get it in, the more drawings you’ll be eligible for! 

N O PURCHASE NECESSARY. Entry cards also available at the Ex­ press-News upon request. W inning numbers may be viewed at the newspaper offices from 8 :3o a.m. to 5 :3 o p.m. Monday - Friday or at public libraries during open hours. 

 i i-I 
■ 
* I rn ■» 
{ rn*. M 

 mmmmmwmmm ADHERE TP POSTCARD, PLEASE! wmmmmmmmmm p 
San Antonio Express 
The News *5o,ooo SWEEPSTAKES ’77 

M oil to 
Express a n d New s SWEEPSTAKES 
P O Bo. 2 5 8 5 
San Antonio, Texas 7 8 2 9 7 
ATTEN CIR C U LA TIO N DEPT 
□ 

Please enter me in the 

SWEEPSTAKES and I w ould like to enter a subscription os 
YES indicated below for the next 
9 o day» 

Please enter me in the 
SWEEPSTAKES but 
I prefer not to order a subscription to 
NO the papers of this time 

N A M E ------- 

 in n S F W 

TELEPHONE. 

III 
III 
I 
I 
I C IT Y 
S T A T E ____________________________________ ZIP . 
» 

J } 
□ 
Pleose start delivery of the N ew s & Sunday O 
Pleose start delivery of the Express & Sunday 
§ 

I 
□ 
Please stort delivery of both Express and N ew s 

■n 
O I am already a subscriber to the Express, please odd the N ew s M onday-Friday to my subscription 
_ 

| 
□ 
I am already o subscriber to the N ew s, please add the Express M onday-Friday, to my subscription 
R 

LAS VEGAS (AP) - 
Heavyweight contender 
Earnie Shavers scored the 52nd knockout of his career Saturday, over­ powering 
C alifornia champion Howard Smith in the second round of their scheduled 1o-round nationally televised fight. 
Shavers, 31, ran his record to 55-5-1 as he overpow ered the 
3o-year-old Smith before more than 1,5oo people at the 
Aladdin 
Hotel 
Theater for the Perform­ ing Arts. 

AMERICAN LEAGUE 
East 
W 
L 
Pct 
GB 
Milwaukee 
5 
2 
.714 
— 
Cleveland 
3 
2 
6oo 
I 
Toronto 
5 
4 
.556 
I 
Detroit 
3 
6 
.333 
3 
New York 
2 
5 
.286 
3 
Baltim ore 
I 
4 
.2oo 
3 
Boston 
West 
I 
4 
.2oo 
3 

Texas 
4 
I 
.8oo 
I 
Oakland 
7 
2 
.778 
— 
Chicago 
5 
2 
.7)4 
I 
Kansas City 
4 
3 
,571 
2 
Minnesota 
4 
5 
.444 
3 
Seattle 
4 
6 
.4oo 
3' .• 
California 
Friday s Games 
Oakland 3, Minnesota 2 
Milwaukee 7, New York 4 

4 
6 
.4oo 
3' J 

Chicago 7, Toronto 5 
Detroit 4, Kansas City 3 
Baltim ore of Texas, ppd., rain 
California 7, Seattle o 
Saturday s Games 
Boston 8. Cleveland 4 
MilwauKee 4, New York 3 
! 
Chicago 3, Toronto 2 
Minnesota 3. Oakland I 
■ 
Detroit 8. Kansas City 5 
Baltim ore at Texas, 2, ppd . ram 
Seattle at C alifornia), In) 
Sunday's Games i 
Boston (Wise o I and Cleveland o o) of Cleveland 
(Dobson O O and Eckerslev I O), 2 
Toronto (Singer O I) at Chicago (B Johnson VO) 
Oakland (U m barger o-1) at Minnesota (Pazik O O) 
Detroit (D .Roberts l l) at Kansas City (Hassler 
IO) 
New York (E llis o-o) at M ilw aukee (T ravers o-2) 
Baltim ore (M cGregor O O) at Texas (P e rry 1-o) 
Seattle (Romo G I) at C alifornia (Simpson o 2) 

NATIO NAL LEAG UE 
EAST 
W 
L 
Pct 
GB 
St. Louis 
5 
3 
.625 
— 
Chicago 
4 
3 
.571 
' Z 
Pittsburgh 
4 
3 
.571 
1 2 
New York 
4 
4 
.5oo 
I 
Montreal 
3 
3 
.5oo 
I 
Philadelphia 
I 
W EST 
5 
.167 
3 

Los Angeles 
6 
2 
,75o 
_ 
Houston 
5 
3 
.625 
I 
Atlanta 
4 
4 
.5oo 
2 
San Francisco 
3 
5 
.375 
3 
San Diego 
3 
5 
.375 
3 
Cincinnati 
3 
5 
.375 
3 
Friday's Games 
Chicago 8, New York 4 
Philadelphia 7. M ontreal 2 
Los Angeles 7, San Francisco I 
Atlanta 4, Houston 3 
Pittsburgh 7, St. Louis o 
Cincinnati 9, San Diego 5 
Saturday's Games 
New York 4, Chicago I 
Montreal 4, Philadelphia 3 
Pittsburgh 3, St Louis I 
Los Angeles 5, San Francisco o 
Atlanta 4, Houston 3 
Cincinnati at San Diego, <n) 
Sunday's Games 
Chicago (Bonham 1-o) at New York (Seaver 2-o) 
Philadelphia (Tw itchell o-1) at M ontreal (Rogers 
O I) 
Pittsburgh (Reuss o-1) at St. Louis (Dennv 2-o) 
Houston (R ichard 1-o) at A tlanta (M essersm ith 
O I) 
Los Angeles (John O I) a* San F rancisco (Mon- tetusco l l) 
Cincinnati (Zachrv O l l a ! San Diego (Shirley IO ) 

TEXAS LEAGUE 
East 
W 
L 
Pct 
GB 
Shreveport 
3 
I 
.75o 
— 
T ulsa 
2 
I 
.667 
Jackson 
I 
2 
.3.13 
V 
Arkansas 
West 
I 
3 
.25o 
2 

El Paso 
3 
o 1 OOO 
Midland 
2 
I 
.66? 
I 
San Antonio 
I 
2 
.333 
2 
Am arillo 
o 
3 
.OOO 
3 
Friday's Games 
Son Antonio 8, Midland 5 
Jackson 3, Tulsa o 
El Paso 3, A m arillo 2 
Shreveport 7-4, Arkansas 3 6 
Saturday s Gomes 
El Paso at Am arillo, ppd., rain 
San Antonio at M idland, ppd., rain 
Shreveport at Arkansas 
Tulsa at Jackson 
Sunday's Game 
Tulsa at jackson 

ALAMO CITY LEAGUE 
Sunday's schedule at the C entral CYO is as follows: 11:3o a m. — N ew by’S vs. Dovle's B il­ liards; 2:oo p.m. — - City Transm ission vs. Rudv's 
Lounge; 4:3o — B rentw ood Beer Box vs. Lo 
Puente Ballroom. 

NORTHWEST AM ATEUR LEAGUE 
Sunday's games at Holy Cross Field: 1:15 o.m. 
— - Randolph vs. Brown Bugs; 4 p.m. — Denver 
Bears vs. SW Dodgers. 
SPAN AM 
Sunday s gomes at Leroy Spencer Field 
1:15 p.m. — • Alamo Enterprises vs. B ilbrev Lum ber; 4 
■ " Roger s Ice House vs. Jimenez Poods. 
COLLEGE BASEBALL 
Saturday's Games 
Texas Lutheran at St. E dward s, ppd. rain and wet grounds 
Arkansas at Rice, (2), pod. rain 
TCU at SMU (2), ppd. rain. 
_____ 
Shavers wins by KO 

NATIONAL HOCKEY LEAGUE 
PLAYOFFS 
All Times EST 
Quarterfinals 
Best-of-Seven 
Friday's Games 
Nth* York Islanders 4, Buffalo 3, New York leads series 3-o 
Philadelphia 4, Toronto, 3, OT, Toronto leads series 2-1 
Boston 7, Los Angeles 6, Boston leads series 3-o 
Saturday's Game 
M ontreal 5, St. Louis I, M ontreal leads series 3-o 
Sunday's Games 
New York Islanders at Buffalo. 8.C5 p m 
Philadelphia at Toronto, 8:o5 p m 
Montreal at St. Louis, 9:o5 p m . 
Boston at Los Angeles, 1o:o5 p.m. 

WORLD HOCKEY ASSOCIATION 
PLAYOFFS 
Ail Times EST 
Q uarterfinals 
Best-of-Seven 
Series A 
Saturday’s Game 
New England 6, Quebec 4, Quebec leads series 
3 1 
Tuesday's Game 
New England at Quebec 
Series B 
Saturday's Game 
Indianapolis 4, Cincinnati I, Indianapolis wins series 4-o. 
Series C 
F rid ay's Game 
Houston 6, Edmonton 2, Houston leads series 2 o. 
Sunday's Game 
Houston at Edmonton, IO p.m. 

H annibal! 
FIESTA M EET 
Deadline for entering the Central YMCA s Fiesta 
Davs Handball tournam ents is Tuesday. E n try tee is Si? per plover. For fu rth e r inform ation coli 
227 5221 
Shooting 

TOPPERW EIN SHOOT at S.A. Gun Club 
.41o; Champion — Jack Johnson, 98; Runnerup, 
Robert 
M orcotte, 
97; 
Class 
AA 
Jim Mever, 96; Ralph Tetley, 95; Class A — Jim 
Leer, 96. Bill Nagy, 93; Class B — R S. Ross, 97; 
Joy Brown, 94. Class C — Vince W isim an, 93; 
G ary Simpson, 93. 
.2o Gauge: 
Champion — B ill 
Nagy, IOO; Runnerup, Jack Johnson, 99; Class AA 
— Chico Jimtnez, 98, Ralph Tetley. 98; d o s s A - 
H oward Fey, 99; Tom Hanzel, 98; Class B — 
Charles Stevens, 97; E H. Cooper, 97; Class C — 
G ary Simpson, 97; Neat C ollins, 96; C lass D 
— R ick T hom pson, 95; G a ry M c M u rr a y , 93. 
P relim inary Champ — Johnson, IOO. 

I f V i i i n a s t i c 
K 
• 
TWO Q U A LIFY 
Shaun lu n g c ric h and S haron D o rs e v . bom students at the Pritchett School, aualified for the 
United States G ym nastic F e d e ra tio n N atio n a l 
Championships, to be held of A rizon a S tate-in 
Tempe, Artz,, May 26 28. Ingerich ond Dorsev are only the second and third San Antonio g irls to ever qualify tor the Senior Nationals. The pair qualified for compulsory and optional divisions during the 
Region III Championships in D enver, Colo., this weekend. 
U n e q u a l b u l l 

FIESTA R AQUETBALL TOURNEY 
Class A — Bob Ellis del Bob R ichl 21 6. 21-16; 
Jam ie Yamamoto def. Dennis Telxrow 21-1o, 21 t i ; 
Dan Crawford def. Je rry Stone 21-15, 21-16, Rim oldo Gonzales def. Albert Hirsch 21-1o, 21-11. Class 
B — Fred Colunga def. John Cardenas 21 9, 21 12; 
R ichard Delgado def. Woody Lee 21-IO, 21-15. 
Class A Ladies — Diana Leibowitz def 
Benito 
Flores 21-11, 21-7, M ichelle N arcisco def. M ary 
Kave Yamamoto 21-18. 21-9; Donna M clssac def. 
Sneed leads 

Bon Yarbrough 211, 21-13; Betsy Dunm on del 
Patty Smith 21 5. 21 3. Class B Ladies - Karen johnson def 
M a ry Jane E llis 2) 7, 212; B a ri 
Yarbrough def M ary Kaye Yam am oto 1o-21, 2116. 
113 

H o r s e H a r in g 

PIMLICO: $27,5oo Hirsch Jacobs Stakes — Iron 
Derby ($11.2o), J e tts T r y , Tiny Monk. Si* fu r ­ longs in I: t i 1/5. $57,ooo O C ollarette Handicap — 
Summertime Prom ise 13.8o), Sum m er Session, Siz. 
Ziz, Zat. 
S U N LA N D : 
F e ature — L uch i S tar ($8 8o), 
Hesaru, Son at M ark. Si* and one half furlongs in 
1:17 35 
H o r s e 

S A CHARITY HOESE SHOW 
Saturday s Winners 
Class 164 • $5oo Jum per Jum per Stake 
In c 
F lirt, owned bv Ronnv Hissom, M idland Class 165 
- Junior Jumper Champion ! The F lirt. Class 62 — 
$3oo Shetland Pony Roadster Stake 
Ridgeheu s 
After Dark Blackie, Shell! Dixon, Edm ond, Ok lo and M ary Gaylord, Oklahoma City. Class 25 — 
$5oo W alking Horse Am ateur Stake: Red Biozer, 
M r. O. Lathrop. Dallas. Class 5o — $15o Parode 
Horse Am ateur Stoke: T h rill of the Night, M r. and 
Mrs. R.W. Riggins, Kansas City, Mo. Class 66 — 
$2oo Harness Pony Championship: Ace Hi Jock 
N James Adkins, Son Antonio . 
Class 4 — $!5o Five Gaited Jum lor E xh ib ito r, 
Mares or Geldings. Rider Under 18: Lod O Shoo, 
Mrs. F.D 
S inclair, Tulso. Class 91 — $1oo Pu rebred Arabian Mounted Native Costume. M ares ond Gelding 
Haa h o g, Robert and Joan Bion ch ard . San A ntonio. Class 13-E — $5oo Fine 
H arness G rand C ham pionship: D r. S om ething 
Special, R D. S incla ir) Tulsa, d o s s 57 — $3oo 
Shetland Pony Harness Single S toke: B ar O s 
Little Feller, Jeff McClcan. Quincy, III. Class l l — 
$15o Three Gaited Junior E xhibitors: Flam enco. 
Bill Swisher, Oklahoma Cliv. 

B a se b a ll 

Pan Am erican M I, Dallas O O 

Shavers, of Warren, 
Ohio, caught Smith with a hard right cross in the middle of the first round, then picked his shots from then on. 
Shavers, at 2o9 pounds, assau lted Sm ith, 2o2, with rights and lefts,, battering him into the ropes. He kept slugging mercilessly until referee 
Richard Green pushed 
Shavers away and gave 
Smith a standing eight count. 
Smith, teetering from 
Shavers* first barrage, was in immediate trouble again as Green waved 
Shavers in. 
Seconds later, Smith took another stand ing eig h t count, although he was down on his haunches. 

In preliminary bouts, 
Olympic Gold Medalist 
Mike Spinks, 168, made his professional debut with a first-round knock­ out of Philadelphian Ed­ die Benson, also 168. 

“ Fights like this do me some good,” Spinks said, noting that he was able to stay cool and bide his time even after he had dropped Benson early with a hard right. 

In the first nationally televised bout for women professionals, Theresa 
“ P rin c ess Red S ta r ” 
Ribby pounded out a un­ animous decision over 
Las V egas blackjack dealer La Vonne Ludian. 

G o lf 

TALLAHASSEE, Fla. 
(AP) — Two-time tour winner Ed Sneed shot a 
68 for a 1o-under-par total of 2o6 and a one-stroke lead after 54 holes Satur­ day in the 72-hole Tal­ lahassee 
Open golf tournament. 
“ It was the most solid round of the tourney-for me, and I feel I might win tomorrow,” said the tall, blonde golfer from 
Pompano Beach, Fla. He came from a third-place tie to pass F r id a y ’s leader, Jack Ew ing. 
E w ing fired a one- under-par 71 Saturday and finished, the third round in a second-place tie with Bobby Walzel at nine-under-par 2o7. 
Wally Armstrong and 
Lon Hinkle were knotted one stroke back at 2o8 in this $8o,ooo PGA tour event. They w ere fol­ lowed at 2o9 by Bobby 
Cole and Ed Dougherty, one of five firstround leaders. 
“ I’m .just going to go out and do the sam e things tomorrow',” said 
Sneed, whose two victor­ ies were the 1973 Kaiser 
International and the 
1974 Milwaukee Open. 
Sneed carded five bir­ dies and a bogey to over­ take Ewing, Walzel and 
Armstrong, who traded the lead back and forth throughout the sunny, breezy day. 

BIG STATE TOURNEY 
At Austin 
Final Results after $4 holes: 
Texas Lutheran 
725; Southwestern 93o; East Texas Baptist 957; St. 
E dw ards 968; Huston-Tillotson 1,o33; St. M a ry's 
1,o39. 
Medalists: 
Hilton Chancellor, Texas Lutheran. 
227; volm a Overton, Huston Tillotson, 227; R lckv 
P re sto n , S o u th w e ste rn , 23o; S m ith T o n a h ill, southwestern, 23o; C raig Stein, Texas Lutheran. 
23o. 
TGA AMATEUR CHAMPIONSHIP 
Qualifying for 13 spots in the 1977 Texas Golf 
Association Am ateur Championship w ill be held 
Tuesday at Oak H ills Country Club. Q ualifiers w ill compete in K e rrville on June 2 5 for the State 
Am auteur Championship. Tuesday's pairings ore as follows: 
8:oo a.m. Joe 
Lusk, 
Bill 
Schuesslcr. 
8:o8— 
Doug Smith, Alan Kopplin, Joel Horlen. 
8:16 — 
D avid McMahon, John M cC ollom , R obert Dan- n cm ille r. 
8:24 — 
Louis B utton, B ill G ibson, 
Jim m y Chapman. 
8:32 — 
Robert Burton, C arl 
Bielstcin, John Loar. 8:4o — Tom Mosley, Jim m y 
Jumper, Robert Fox. 8:48 — Steve Slavlch, Boyd 
B ruchm lller, A R. Perez, Jr. 8:56 — Ford W hite, 
John Yannuzzi, Carl W erner. 
9:o4 — 
Houston 
Satterwhite, Allen W addell, James Stewing. 
9:12 
— 
Kelly Starnes, Bobby Valdez, Anthony Webb. 
7:2o — 
Bucky Smith, Chuck Y arbrough, Rickey 
Goerges. 9:28 — 
R ichard Wilson, Gene Buckner, 
Conn Milburn. 
9:36 — 
Robert Bchlau, Tom m y 
Arrendondo, John K rajicek. 9:44 — B ill Sullivan, 
'K yle Love, Ken Llliedahl. 9:52 — R obert Jopling, 
Alfredo Flores, Dennis Cornelison. 
C A R P EN TE R S 
• 
Results of the W eekly P ro -A m : I. G D. Ro­ driguez, O rville Gernentz, Johnny G utierrez, Sam 
Lewellen, 41; 2. Woody Tucker, T.H. Guess, Noe 
Navarro, Steve Dohm, 42; 3. Lionel Rmez, Andv 
Beaver, Larry Hope, Steve M ottheisen! 44 
H O L E IN O N E 
Andv Beaver had a hole in-one at C arpenter s on the 8o yard, No. 4 hole. Beaver used a pitching wedge for his ace. 

FREE 

* 1 5 9 ” 
VALUE 

9" QUASAR Portable TV with Purchase of this 
NEW 15' FUNMASTER TRI-HUU 

INCLUDES: Walk thru windshield * upholstered Helsman seats * Fire extinguisher ★ battery & battery box Agas tank *4 o hp full electric 
Mercury outboard with single lever remote control Aeasy-lood skipper B galvanized trailer with all lights & tie down. 

Su9 9 * * t a l R etail $3527.35 

ANNIVERSARY 
SPECIAL 
*2688 

Good through 4 /2 1 /7 7 

Lim ite d S u p p ly 

 l r QUASAR Portable TV with Purchase of this 
1977 SPORTCRAFT l./O. WITH 12o HP MIRCRUISERQ 

STANDARD EQUIPMENT moulded 
Bow Rider with upholstered cushion 
& walk thru windshield. Horn, Fire extinguisher. Custom contoured sleeper seats, bow rails, custom tai­ lored convertible top, glove compart­ ment w ith running lights wired, 
Aqua-Turf marine carpeting EVctric bilge pump, bilge blower, fuel tank with electric fuel gauge, bow rails, deluxe dashboard with full instru­ mentation and engine remote con­ trols, Skipper B Galvanized trailer. 

S««««(!»d lis t $6323.33 

ANNIVERSARY 
SPECIAL 
*4988 

Goad through 4 /2 1 /7 7 

LET THE “ BRADY BUNCH" SAVE YOU HUNDREDS OF DOLLARS 

NORTH AM ERICAN SOCCER LEAG UE 
Atlantic Conference 
East 

Tampa Bay 
W 
I 
L 
I 
GF 
5 
GA 
2 
BP 
4 
^ t. Lauderdale 
I 
o 
2 
I 
2 
Cosmos 
) 
I 
2 
2 
2 
New England 
o 
I 
o 
2 
o 

Toronto 
North 
I 
o 
2 
o 
2 
St. Louis 
o 
2 
I 
5 
I 
Connecticut 
o 
o 
o 
o 
o 
Chicago 
o 
I 
o 
4 
o 
Rochester 
o 
3 
o 
o 
o 

Dallas 

Pacific Conference 
South 
2 
o 
5 
I 
5 
Los Angeles 
I 
o 
3 
o 
3 
Hawaii 
I 
I 
2 
2 
2 
Las Vegas 
2 
o 
4 
2 
4 
San Jose 
o 
I 
o 
3 
o 

Portland 
West 
I 
I 
4 
4 
2 
Seattle 
o 
I 
o 
I 
o 
Vancouver 
o 
I 
o 
I 
o 
Minnesota 
o 
o 
o 
o 
o 
Friday s Gomes 
Las Vegas 3, Portland 2 
Saturday s Games 
Dallas 3, St Louis o 
Tampa Bay 4, Chicago o 
Minnesota at Seattle 
Sunday's Games 
Toronto ct Ft Lauderdale 
Rochester at Cosmos 
Connecticut at Washington 
Hawaii at Los Angeles 

9 
o 
o 
o 

A78-13 bias ply blackw all plus S I .73 F.E.T. per tire and old tires. O ther size s and w hitew alls at sim ilar p rices 
Power Streak Polyester Cord Tires 

Deeply Grooved Six Rib Tread 
For Good All-Around Traction! 

N A T IO N A L 
L E A G U E 
* * * 
Hill 
SF 
16 
I 
8 
o 
o .5oo 
Tmpleton 
StL 
26 
9 
o 
3 .346 
Garner 
Pgh 
T E A M 
B A T T IN G 
Yeager 
LA 
19 
4 
9 
I 
6 .474 
Gridley 
Cin 
29 
IO 
2 
6 .345 
Monday 
LA 

L o s Angeles 
AB 
R ,. H H R R B I Pct 
Sim m ons 
StL 
24 
5 ll 
I 
3 .458 
Kingm an 
N Y 
24 
8 
I 
3 .333 
Cromrtie 
Mtl 
214 
41 
71 
6 
4o .332 
Cosh 
Mtl 
18 
4 
8 
o 
I 
444 
Stennett 
Pgh 
18 
6 
o 
4 .333 
Staiger 
N Y 
St. Louis 
218 
39 
62 
6 
34 
284 
Cey 
LA 
25 
4 ll 
I 
8 .44o 
KHrnandz 
StL 
24 
8 
3 
9 .333 
Office 
Atl 
Chicago 
165 
23 
46 
5 
22 
28o 
Parker 
Pgh 
21 
5 
93 o 
4 .429 
Gilbreath 
Atl 
24 
8 
o 
o .333 
Rocket! 
All 
SanFranctsco 
2o1 
25 
SS 
7 
24 .275 
M urcer 
Chi 
19 
3 
8 
2 
7 .421 
Cncepcion 
Cin 
24 
8 
o 
I 
.333 
Whitfield 
SF 
Atlanta 
222 
28 
61 
4 
26 .275 
Bowa 
Phi 
15 
3 
6 
o 
o .4oo 
Lopes 
LA 
24 
8 
o 
I .333 
Cabell 
Htn 
New York 
2o7 
23 
53 
7 
21 
257 
Russell 
LA 
28 
6 ll 
o 
3 .393 
Matthews 
Atl 
25 
8 
o 
I 
.32o 
Trillo 
Chi 
Pittsburgh 
165 
2o 
42 
3 
2o 
256 
Hendrick 
SD 
26 
3 
IO 
4 .385 
Brock 
StL 
22 
7 
o 
I 
.318 
Winfield 
SD 
San Diego 
244 
33 
62 
5 
33 
254 
Smith 
LA 
21 
8 
8 
o 
6 .381 
Johnstone 
Phi 
16 
5 
o 
2 .313 
Stargell 
Pgh 
Philadelphia 
136 
143 34 
2 
13 .25o 
BRobinson 
Pgh 
16 
3 
6 
I 
7 .375 
(vie 
SD 
29 
9 
I 
5 .31o 
JGonzalez 
Htn 
Houston 
193 
2o 
48 
2 
19 
25o 
Crawford 
Htn ll 
I 
4 
o 
4 
364 
Mtterwald 
Chi 
13 
4 
I 
I 
3o8 
Rose 
Cin 
Montreal 
134 
14 
31 
4 
14 .231 
Kranepooi 
N Y 
25 
5 
9 
2 
4 .36o 
Boone 
Phi 
13 
4 
o 
4 .3o8 
Parrish 
Mfl 
Cincinnati 
.226 
3o 
51 
4 
3o .226 
Sizemore 
Phi 
14 
o 
5 
I 
I 
.357 
Montanez 
Atl 
26 
8 
I 
4 .3o8 
GFoster 
Cin 
IN D IV ID U A L 
B A T T IN G 
Ferguson 
Htn 
17 
2 
6 
I 
4 .353 
Madlock 
SF 
26 
8 
2 
4 .3o8 
JCruz 
Htn 
IO or m ore at bats 
Biittner 
Chi 
2o 
2 
7 
o 
2 .35o 
Miilan 
NY 
23 
7 
o 
I 
.3o4 
Dyer 
Pgh 
AB 
. R . H .HR 
R B I Pct 
DeJesus 
Chi 
2o 
3 
7 
I 
5 .35o 
McCovev 
SF 
23 
7 
2 
7 .3o4 
Royster 
Atl 
Luzinski 
Phi 
14 
3 
7 
I 
5 .5oo 
Baker 
LA 
2o 
5 
7 
I 
4 .35o 
M cBride 
StL 
2o 
6 
2 
5 .3oo 
Geronimo 
Cin 
E v a n s 
SF 
16 
4 
8 
I 
4 .SOO 
DoRader 
SD 
2o 
2 
7 
I 
5 .35o 
Tenace 
SD 
27 
8 
I 
.« ,?*6 
, "e a rn s 
N Y 

1 .294 
2 .292 
o .286 
42 .286 
4 .286 
3 .286 
I 
286 
J .28o 
I .278 
5 .276 
I .273 
o .273 
4 
269 
1 267 
5 .261 
3 .261 
3 .25o 
I .241 
3 .24o 
3 .238 

I or 

CUTS THE DECHAND DEALS 

 our 
• 
PRICE 
^ * 

! B78-13 
4 for $ 87.2o 
$1.8o 

E78-14 
4 for $ 97.6o 

G78-14 
4 for $11o.oo 
$2.53 

H78-14 
CA for $118.4o 
$2.73 

R P H J j 4 for $112.8o 
$2.59 

H78-15 
4 for $121.2o 
. $2.79 

 v 
. 
; 
___ 
--- 

I 

 jjj‘4 ^ Are the Hob 
POLYGLAS PAIRS 

1 
" 

Goodyear's 
All Time Best Seller! b m 
'Custom Power Cushion 
Fotygtas' Whitewalls 

A78-13 plus $1 73 
F.E.T per tire and old tires 

Whitewall 
Size 
O U R 
P R IC E 

Pius f c T per tire andoldtires 

E78-14 
2 for $65 
$2.26 

F78-14 or 15 
2 for $73 
$2.42 or $2 52 

G78-14 or 15 
2 for $74 
$2.58 or $2.65 

H78-15 
2 for $84 
$2.88 

L78-15 
2 for $85 
$3.12 

Other sizes low priced too 
Blackwells S5.oo less per pair. 

Wild Card 

1977NEW 
CAR RADIALS 
'Custom Tread' Radials with two full width steel cord belts 

RAIN CHECK - lf we sell out of your size we will issue you a rain check, assuring future delivery 

Whitewall 
Size 
OUR 
PRICE l f 
Plus F.E.T. and old tire 

BR78-13 
$39.95 
H 
S2.o6 

ER78-14 EEM 

FR78-14 
$2.65 

FR78-15 
$59.oo 
^ 
$2.59 

GR78-15 
B B f l M 
$2 9o 

HR78-15 B5E5B 
$3.11 

JR78-15 

N - 
C\i 
CO 
</> 

LR78-15 BEEM 
$ 3 ’ 4 4 

 at the advertised price. 

Royal Flush 

Lube & Oil Change 

S 
H 
* 
................ 

Up to 5 qts. of major brand 1o/3o grade oil. 

• Complete chassis lubrication and oil change 
* Helps ensure long wearing parts and smooth, quiet performance. Please phone for appoint­ ment • includes light trucks 
Ask for our Pro* Battery Power Cheek 

H I S S 

 r n 

Front-End Alignment 
WW 
I I Exclude 

U.S. made cars - pads extra if reeded 

Excludes front-wheel drive cars - 

* Complete analysis and alignment correction - to increase tire mileage and improve steering 
• Precision equipment, used by experienced mechanics, helps ensure a precision alignment 

Full House 
■ v w u , , tell! 

Engine Tune-Up 

 a 
® i r 
........... 

6 c y L - 
Add S4 tor Bey!.. 
$2 for sir cond. 

• Our mechanics electronically fine-tune your engine * New points, plugs and condenser 
• Test charging/starting systems, adjust carbu fetor a Helps maintain a smooth running engine 
• Includes Datsun, Toyota, VW and light trucks 
SERVICE OFFERS ARO VE AVAILABLE ONLY AT GOODYEAR SERVICE STORES 
S a v "C h a r a * It l" • Goodyear Revolving Charge • Our Own Customer Credi 
«*wjr KtfHjryv in 
# BankAmericard • American Express Money Card • Carte Blanche a Diners 
Credit Flan • Master Charge 
Mb 

 your brtepMdwit D**l*t For His PUCO. Poe#* As Shown At Goodytor SofVto* moms In Ait Community Sorvsd By This Ntwip*otr. 

G O O D Y E A R SE R V IC E ST O R E S O p e n M o n ., W e d ., Thors., Fri. 8 to 5 :3 o Tues., 9 to 5 :3 o Sot. 8 to 5 

DOW NTOW N 
816 S. St. M a r y ’s 
222-1373 

NORTHEAST 
1318 Austin Highway 
824-o2o8 

NORTH STAR 
216 Sector 
344-9786 

NORTH 
47o7 San Pedro 
824-2371 

DOWNTOWN 
4o 1 N. Alam o 
227-7381 

PERRIN PLAZA 
11479 Perria-leitel Rd. 
656-3111 

NEW BRAUNFELS 
625-2323 
KERRVILLE 
257-8484 

NORTHWEST 
3 5 6 6 Fradtbg. Rd. 
735-6141 

WEST 
II H Was! Commtn* 
225-7677 

SOUTH 
2131 S.W. Military 
923-4563 

SOUTHEAST 
1 3 4 6 Fair 
534-5468 

EAST 
3o3o last Com meres 
225-7266 

NORTHWEST 
1 4 9 8 Hilicrast 
434-31o6 

FREDERICKSBURG 
997-7556 
SEGUIN 
3 7 9 -3 2 8 o 

G O O D Y E A R IN D E P E N D E N T D E A L E R S i 

BARBER TIRE A APPLIANCE 
Davine, Tunas 
663-57o6 

BA U M A N TIRE 
22o1 Cincinnati 
735-5251 

SPEIER AUTO SERVICE CENTER 
421 Fredericksburg Road 
734-4385 

ATASCOSA TIRE CENTER 
119 W. O aklaw n Hw y. 97 W est 
Pleasanton, Texas 569-3484 

RANDO LPH TIRE CENTER, INC. 
829 Pat Booker Road 
Universal City, Tx. 

Shirley 
SD 
Fingers 
SD 
Ruthven 
Gossage 
Espinosa 
J Brown 
Atkinson 
Richard 
DSutton 
Seaver 
RForsch 
Mntfusco 
Hough 
LA 
KForsch 
Htn 
Rison 
Pgh 
Bonham 
Chi 
Rogers 
Mtl 
Reuss 
Pgh 
Lerch 
Phi 
Borbon 
Cin 
Denny 
StL 
RReuschei 
Chi 
Burris 
Chi 
Rau 
LA 
LaCorte 
All 
Anduiar 
Htn 
Komeczny 
Htn 
PNiekro 
Atl 
Eastwick 
Cin 
Halicki 
SF 
Sawyer 
SD 
Koosm an 
NY 
Hooton 
LA 
CCarroll 
StL 
Twitchell 
Phi 
Garber 
Phi 
RJones 
SD 
Carlton 
Phi 
Barr 
SF 
Frym an 
Cin 
Bingham 
Cin 
Frsleben 
SO 
Zachry 
Cin 
Matlock 
N Y 
Rasm ssen 
StL 
RJohnson 
M ssrsm ith 
Strom 
SD 
McGlothn 
Lemongllo 
John 
LA 
Alcala 
Cin 
M cEnaney 
Mtl 
Rhoden 
LA 
Swon 
N Y 
Rooker 
Pgh 
Todd 
Chi 

P IT C H IN G 
... m ore decisions 
IP 
H BB 
8 
4 
9 
3 
3 
5 
o 

SO w ll 
I 
5 
8 
4 
3 
3 

L E R A 
o 
o.oo 
o OO 
OOO 
OOO 
OOO 
o.oo 
o OO 
1.69 
1.69 
1 69 
1.72 
I SO 
1.8o 
1.8o 
1.84 
2.oo 
2.25 
2.31 
2.57 
2.7o 
2.84 
2.84 
2.92 
3.oo 
3.oo 
3.o9 
3.38 
3.38 
3.86 
4.5o 
4.5o 
4.5o 
4.5o 
4.5o 
4.5o 
4.76 
4.85 
5.14 
5.4o 
5.56 
5.68 
5.79 
6.oo 
6.oo 
6.oo 
6.75 
7.43 
7.94 
9.oo 
9.oo 
I 13.5o 
I 13.5o 
I 13.5o 
o 14.4o 
1 22.5o 
I 31.5o 
I 54.oo 

CATFISH HUNTER 
OooE.R.A. 

A M E R IC A N 
T E A M 

 nd 
Oakland 
Kansas City 
Chicago 
Boston 
Texas 
Minnesota 
California 
Toronto 
Seattle 
New 
York 
Detroit 
Milwaukee 
Baltimore 

L E A G U E 
................ 
B A T T I......................... 
A 
R ...H H R R B I Pc; 
153 
31 
97 
26 .3o9 
69 
231 
43 
193 
36 
171 
2! 
149 
18 
174 
16 
252 
37 
3o8 
42 
224 32 
3o4 
29 
18o 
15 
23o 
24 
157 
IO 
154 

PorterKC 
M cRae 
KC 
Page 
Oak 
Wynn 
N Y 
Cubbage 
Min 
Bernhardt 
Sea 
Washngtn 
Tex 
Allen 
Oak 
Evans 
Bos 
BBell 
Cle 
G arr 
Chi 
Gross 
Oak 
JN orris 
Cle 
Kuiper 
Cle 
Manning 
Cle 
Soderho*m 
Chi 
7.isk 
Chi 
Velez 
Tor 
Bostock 
Min 
Rivers 
NY 
Milbourne 
Sea 
Burleson 
Bos 
LeFlore 
Del 
Ault 
Tor 
M cK ay 
Tor 
GBrett 
KC 
DeCinces 
Bal 
Melton 
Cle 
Money 
Mil 
Rudi 
Cal 
Baylor 
Cal 
Munson 
N Y 
Bailor 
Tor 
Fairly 
Tor 
Otis 
KC 
Hisle 
Min 
Harrah 
Tex 
GScott 
Bos 
Bochte 
Cai 
RoJackson 
Stinson 
Sea 
Carbo 
Bos 
Ashby 
Tor 
Baez 
Sea 
Beniquez 
Tex 
Humphrey 
M ayberry 
KC 

IN D IV ID U A L 
B A T T IN G 
IO or m ore at bats 
AB. 
7 
I 
22 

39 .3oo 
35 .297 
2o .294 
18 .284 
15 .276 
33 .274 
42 .26o 
28 .259 
27 .257 
13 .244 
21 .226 
7 .2o5 
5 .162 

R ..H .H R R B I Pct 
6 ,53ystrzm skiBo 
1 .5oo 
13 .5oo 
2 .467 
3 .464 
2 .462 
I .455 
IO .429 
3 .412 
5 .412 
3 .391 
6 391 
4 .389 
5 .368 
o .368 
1 .368 
6 .368 
5 .364 
6 .36o 
2 .348 
4 .348 
1 .333 
5 .333 
8 .333 
3 .333 
3 .316 
2 .313 
I .313 
o .313 
13 .313 
5 .3o6 
1 .3oo 
2 .3oo 
I .3oo 
4 .3oo 
6 .3oo 
4 .3oo 
I .294 
o .294 
4 294 
1 292 
1 .286 
2 .286 
o .286 
3 .286 
3 .28o 
7 .28o 

Sangulllen 
Oak 
25 
2 
o 
3 .28o 
Cooper 
Mil 
18 
2 
o 
o .278 
Randolph 
N Y 
IS 
2 
o 
2 .278 
AWoods 
Tor 
18 
3 
I 
2 .278 
Bannister 
Chi 
18 
I 
o 
2 .278 
Hargrove 
Tex 
18 
3 
o 
o .278 
CReynolds 
Sea 
29 
2 
o 
o .276 
Thompson 
Det 
22 
4 
2 
5 .273 
Terrell 
Min 
22 
2 
I 
3 .273 
R Scott 
Oak ll 
4 
o 
I .273 
Stein 
Sea 
33 
3 
o 
2 .273 
Braun 
Sea 
26 
2 
o 
2 .269 
Joshua 
Mil 
19 
I 
o 
2 .263 
Yount 
Mil 
19 
2 
o 
o .263 
Grich 
Cal 
38 
5 
I 
I 
3 .263 
Orta 
Chi 
19 
o 
o 
3 .263 
Patek 
KC 
19 
3 
o 
3 .263 
Cowens 
KC 
23 
3 
I 
5 .261 
Ford 
Min 
27 
5 
o 
2 .259 
Bum bry 
Bal 
2o 
o 
o 
o .25o 
Carty 
Cle 
16 
o 
o 
3 .25o 
Fuentes 
DqJ 
28 
3 
o 
I .25o 
M M a y 
Det 
2o 
I 
o 
o .25o 
ReJackson 
N Y 
2o 
3 
I 
I .25o 
Adam s 
Min 
12 
I 
o 
o .25o 
Kusick 
Min 
16 
3 
I 
3 .25o 
Lintz 
Oak 
12 
6 
o 
o .25o 
Picciolo 
Oak 
24 
2 
o 
2 .25o 
Sundberg 
Tex 
16 
I 
o 
2 .25o 
PGarcia 
Tor 
29 
3 
o 
4 .241 
Carew 
Min 
29 
4 
o 
3 .241 
Wills 
Tex 
21 
I 
o 
2 .238 
P IT C H IN G 
I or more decisions 
IP. 
M B B s o w 
L E R A 
Devine 
Tex 
I 
o 
o 
I 
I 
o O OO 
M cClure 
Mil 
I 
I 
o 
o I 
o O OO 
Torrealba 
Oak 
5 
4 
3 
3 I 
o O OO 
Litten 
KC 
5 
o 
2 
5 I 
o o.oo 
Colborn 
KC 
6 
5 
I 
2 I 
o O OO 
Hargan 
Tor 
2 
I 
I 
o I 
o O OO 
Hunter 
N Y 
7 
3 
o 
5 
I 
o o.oo 
Guidry 
N Y 
2 
I 
I 
3 
I 
o OOO 
Slaton 
Mil 
9 
3 
3 
2 
I 
o OOO 
Blyleven 
Tex 
19 ll 
6 
16 I 
o o.95 
Palm er 
Bal 
19 ll 
4 
IO I 
I o.95 
Perry 
Tex 
9 
5 
3 
6 I 
o 1.oo 
Burgm eier 
Min 
8 
5 
I o 
I 
1.o8 
Augustine 
Mil 
8 
4 
5 
3 I 
o 1.13 
BJohnson 
Chi 
6 
8 
I 
5 I 
o 1.35 
Thrdsgrd 
M in 
6 
6 
3 
I 
I 
o 1.42 
R van 
Cal 
17 
IO 
14 
17 I 
I 
1.56 
Digueroa 
N Y 
15 
16 
2 
5 o 
I 
1.76 
Knapp 
Chi 
5 
5 
o 
3 I 
o 1.8o 
Romo 
Sea 
14 
IO 
5 ll o 
I 
1.93 
Hassler 
KC 
13 
16 
4 
9 
I 
I 
1.98 
Guliett 
N Y 
8 
7 
4 
5 o 
I 
2 o8 
Garvin 
Tor 
17 ll 
6 
12 2 
o 2.12 
TMoore 
Sea 
8 
6 
3 
2 I 
o 2.16 
Trovers 
Mil 
16 
16 
6 
2 o 
2 2.16 
Arroyo 
Det 
7 
6 
4 
2 o 
I 
2.35 
Wheelock 
Sea 
14 
8 
3 
7 2 
o 2.57 
JJohnson 
Tor 
3 
3 
5 
3 
I 
o 2.7o 
OAIexnder 
Tex 
6 
6 
3 
3 I 
o 2.84 
Bohnsen 
Oak 
6 
4 
2 
5 I 
o 3.oo 
Grim sley 
Bal 
8 
9 
3 o 
I 
3.24 
Zahn 
Min 
3 
8 
4 
I 
o 3.38 
Tanana 
Cal 
21 
23 
5 
21 
2 
o 3.38 
Eckersley 
Cle 
18 
16 
S 
14 
I 
o 3.5o 
Jenkins 
Bos , 
14 
17 
2 
4 o 
I 
3.68 
Redfern 
Min 
12 
12 
6 
5 o 
2 3.75 
Verhdeven 
Cal 
4 
4 
4 
3 o 
2 3.86 
Torrez 
Oak 
9 
7 
3 
2 I 
o 4.oo 
Roberts 
Det 
14 
13 
5 
5 I 
I 4.5o 
R M ay 
Bal ll 
16 
4 
3 o 
2 4 63 
Langford 
Oak 
5 
6 
3 I 
o 4.76 
Splittorff 
KC 
15 
12 
5 
5 I 
o 4.8o 
Schueler 
Min 
5 
5 
I 
I 
I 
5.o6 
Medich 
Oak 
14 
19 
9 
6 I 
o 5.14 
Lem nczyk 
Tor 
15 
18 
• 
8 I 
I 
5.28 
Tidrow 
N Y 
I 
I 
2 
2 o 
I 
5.4o 
K B reft 
Chi 
IO 
19 
I 
5 I 
I 
5.91 
Boggs 
Tex 
4 
8 a 
3 o 
I 6.23 
U m barger 
Oak 
5 
7 
2 
3 o 
I 6.75 
Bare 
Det 
9 
IO 
4 
3 o 
I 
7 OO 
Simpson 
Cal 
8 
12 
7 
4 o 
2 7.27 
Singer 
Tor 
IO 
17 
7 
12 o 
I 
7.59 
Ruhle 
Det 
5 
7 
I 
2 o 
I 7.94 
Ross 
Cal 
7 
16 
o 
I o 
I 8.59 
Segui 
Se;; 
8 
13 
4 
6 o 
2 8.64 
Laxton 
Sea 
4 
5 
3 
2 I 
I 
9.oo 
Bair 
Oak 
2 
2 
2 
I 
I 
o 9.oo 
LaRoche 
Cle 
3 
6 
3 
4 2 
I 9.82 
Abbott 
Sea 
2 
6 
o 
2 o 
I 16.88 
Campbell 
Bos 
3 
7 
3 
I o 
2 17.18 
Hiller 
Det 
2 
4 
4 
2 o 
2 2o.25 
Wise 
Bos 
I 
7 
I 
o o 
I 33.75 

YOUR PLACE IN 
THE SUN. 

.. . a pool by Gary, and knowing you have all the joys of life. A sense of well-being. 
Isn’t that what you’ve wanted. Always. 
Fun • Relaxation • Pride. And confidence in your investment. Call us. 
Our understanding, experience, know-how and performance are all yours. 

Take it from Gary: 
THE POOL PEOPLE. 

SAN ANTONIO, AUSTIN & DA LLAS 
111 N .E. L o o p 4 1 o 
S a n Antonio, T e x as 
3413331 

Son Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— Sunday April 17 1977 
Major League batting, pitching leaders 

San Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— Son., Apr. 17, 1977 PAGE 1-W 

' I ' 
~ 
'■ 
’ 
’ 
I 

KEW 

 wmmmrnmmmmmmmmw 
> 
■ 
■ 
^ 
A PORTRAIT OF LIVING 
IN 
SANANTONIO 

^—y 
\?A A 
T im e G o l d e n V w i k s 

PAGE 2-W 
Morton / Southwest prices homes right 

A new home, priced and sized just right for you and your family, surely awaits you this weekend in one of the recent Morton / South­ west communities. 
The highly successful building - developing firm’s two most recent series of housing are drawn from clever floor plans which have revolutionized the market for new homes here by making them more affordable and useful, square foot by square foot. 
Modeled 

Freedom Homes and Success Homes are modeled in Lakeside, located in southeastern 
Bexar County off U.S. Hwy. 87 outside S.E. 
Loop 41o; Valley Forge, off O’Connor Road between Nacogdoches Road and N.E. 1H 35; and Cimarron, just south of N.E. EM 16o4 east of Kitty Hawk Drive. 
Success Homes also are shown in a recent addition to the long established Valencia 

 community, off Nacogdoches Road north of its intersection with Perrin-Beitel Road. 
The two series arc aptly named. 
Freedom Homes are called that because they, literally, set buyers “ free from rent” and put them into a w hole new world of home ownership. Success Homes are named after the series’ outstanding features that would make the purchase of any a sure success. 
“ Affordable” is a key word for each series. 
Freedom Homes are priced from as low as 
§28,5oo; Success, $34,ooo. No comparable homes are built for those kind of prices these days; so. Morton / Southwest has a valid claim to leadership in San Antonio area housing. 
Freedom Homes go far beyond the basics, despite their low price range. They feature all the frill modern families expect in a new home, which accounts for just one of the many reasons the series has become so po- pular. 

M ORTO N/SOUTHWEST innovates desireable, affordable homes 

Freedom Homes feature three- and four- bedroom plans with two complete baths. 
Morton / Southwest made sure to offer ample extras among their nine floor plans, making each an attractively affordable package. 
Success Homes vividly reveal that an en­ joyable home remains the great American dream that still can be realized without great sacrifices on the parts of buyers. 
The scope of Success Homes, howe\ cr, goes far beyond their useful space. Their luxury appointments add much to how they present more than the money’s worth. 
Lakeside is a neighborhood unique in its 

 recreational offerings. They include a lake for boating or fishing, tennis courts, swimming pool and park area. The community is within the East Central School District. 

Valley Forge, also boasting a swimming pool and tennis courts, is in the North East 
School District. 

Cimarron, with access to a number of amenities like a swim club. Scout hut and playground, is in the Judson School District. 
Valencia offers a clubhouse, swimming pool and tennis courts. It, loo, is in the North 
East School District. 

CLASSIFIED DISPLAY 
CLASSIFIED DISPLAY 
CLASSIFIED DISPLAY 
CLASSIFIED DISPLAY 
CLASSIFIED DISPLAY 
CLASSIFIED DISPLAY 
CLASSIFIED D ISPLAY 

We Build The 
New” Into Your 
New Home 
To Stay. 

Unlike a lot of builders, 
M orton/Southwest is concerned with more than just a sold sign in a front yard. That means giving every new home owner confidence in his purchase. 
W e do that by starting with a w ell-built home in a w ell-planned neighborhood. 
That means you can live in a home designed to give you the absolute maximum of usable living space for the dollar in a com fortable and fun community close to where you work and shop. 

All that means value. All that means m oney’s worth. 

Success mutes 

The Statesman 

Freedom Five 

CIMARRON 
658-4793 

VALLEY FORGE 
655-5931 

VALENCIA 
655-5982 

LAKESIDE 
648-3491 

Success Homes from $34,ooo 

Standard features- 

3 & 4 Bedrooms 
2 hand-crafted ceramic tile baths 
Wood-burning fireplaces 
2-car Finished Garages 
Rich Shag Carpeting in Living Room, 
Master Suite, and Hallway 
All Electric Kitchen with Self-cleaning 
Range 
Large family-size Patios 
Energy-efficient Friedrich air conditioning in attic to give you more space & quiet 
Privacy fence 

Freedom Homes 

 from $28,5oo 

•not options 

Three and four bedrooms 
2 car finished garage 
2 full hand-set ceramic tile baths 
Rich shag carpeting 
Appliances — dishwasher, disposal, 
Magic Chef Range 
Wood-burning fireplaces (in most designs) 
Large closets and storage space 
Utility rooms (in most designs) 

Friedrich 

CfWTBAl AW CONDmONNG 

Installed By 
George Smith, Inc. of San Antonio 

Prices may vary according to neighborhood and location. 

N O PAYMENT ’TIL JULY. NOTHING D O W N V A . 8% 
V A FINANCING. FHA AND CO N V. AVAILABLE. mortem southwest 

(OUT OF TO W N CALL COLLECT) 
WRITE: P.O. BOX 18428 
SAN ANTONIO, TEXAS 78286 

C LASSIFIED D IS PLA Y 
CLASSIFIED D ISP LA Y 

I « « 

CLASSIFIED D ISP LA Y 
CLASSIFIED DISPLAY 
CLASSIFIED D ISPLA Y 
CLASSIFIED D ISP L A Y 

 rotor llV m g rn . . : 

 wos designed for 

Cc advantages: 

• for your children 
.. 
Northeast School District. the . preferred 

• For yourself ... the convenience of total shopping a few minutes away. With com­ pletion of the new North Expressway, downtown in 12 minutes. 

• For the entire family ... your own Club, 
Thousand Oaks Country Club with the finest 

Homes are open from 

IO a.m. until dark. 

 tennis installation in the City. Lighted out­ door and air-conditioned indoor courts, 
Health Club, and Olympic-size pool. Special membership privileges to residents of 
Thousand Oaks. x 

• 5.2 miles north of Loop 41o on San Pedro with all important points of destination easily accessible. 

IV, 

Prices begin at $5o,ooo.J 

BUILDERS: 

G r e a t A m e r i c a 

C o r p o r a t i o n 

M . A . Scholl E n te rp rise s 

Victor O e h l e r 

THOUSAND 
OAKS 

P e t e r S c h in k e r 

BUILDERS: 

O l m o s H o m e B u ild e rs 

Clinto n W e i l b a c h e r 

C a r lt o n C hurch 

5 . 7 M i l e s N o r t h O f L o o p 4 1 o O f f S a n P e d r o 

PAGE 4-W 
Homes of Design 

 nestled in Hills 

Tho be^t affordable luxury living is in San 
Pedro Hills, an established community of fine homes in north central San Antonio. 
The beautiful, rolling hills of San Pedro 
Hills are blossom ing with luxurious new homes by 12 of San Antonio's finest custom builders. These distinctive new homes will be open for a Spring showing this weekend. 
Hillside 
Design homes in San Pedro Hills are espe­ cially created for hillside and tree-covered sites which overlook the city and the coun­ tryside. Soaring ceilings, large fireplaces, expansive indoor - outdoor living areas and easy - care kitchens compliment the gently bending oaks which surround most homes. 
Quality in design and construction is a tradem ark of Design Homes. To this exclu­ sive builder, each home is a staten.ent of the 

 firm ’s craftsm anship and pride The work­ m anship is excellent, and the tradition of quality construction is felt in every home. 
Visit San Pedro Hills this weekend, and, in addition to the fine quality homes, you will discover a private swim and tennis club. 
Membership is included with the purchase of a new home and allows the homebuyer use of the pool and two new tennis courts. 
The club is just another part of the total community in San Pedro Hills. A shopping center is available at the entrance to San 
Pedro Hills. A shopping center is available at the entrance to San Pedro Hills, and a park is centrally located in the com m unity. North 
East District schools serve the area, includ­ ing Churchill High School. 
Design Homes invites you to visit San Pedro 
Hills this weekend. New homes are priced 

DESIGN HOMES features luxury houses in San Pedro Hills 

 from $5o,ooo and will be open this weekend. 
To reach San Pedro Hills, take San Pedro 
Avenue north from NAV. Loop 41o four miles 

 to Brook Hollow Drive, turn . right to go to 
Heimbr Road, turn left and follow the signs to 
Shadow Cliff Drive and the new homes. 

C L A SSm a DISPLAY 
CLASSIFIED DISPLAY 
CLASSIFIED DISPLAY 
CLASSIFIED DISPLAY 
'O ASS fFI® B B H A T 
CLASSIFIED DISPLAY 
CLASSIFIED DISPLAY n ho in 
San Pedro H ills 

W e plan to please. 

Particular people. They’re the ones that make 

 everybody work a little harder. 
They’re 

 always exact and require that extra effort, lf 

 you’re among these very particular, then 

 enter the world of Design Homes in San 

Pedro Hills and find just what you've been looking for. 

For starters, San Pedro Hills is a very special 

 residential community. Especially developed 

 for natural living. 
San 
Pedro 
Hills offers 

 peaceful easy living in the beautiful forests 

 of north San Antonio. San Pedro Hills means 

 lighthearted times in the excitment and relax­ 

 ation of the outdoors with the finest swim­ 

 ming and tennis facilities. 
And a special 

 unexpected convenience of a city park and 

 future school site centrally located plus a 

 shopping center at the entrance. 

Design Homes of San Pedro Hills are also 

 very speciaj. Created in a variety of architec- 

 turd moods, from the traditional to the 

 vibrant contemporary, the new Design Homes 

 blend with the forest. Each Design Home em­ 

 phasizes the natural setting taking advantage 

 of wide open areas, courtyards, and dra- 

2 story traditional 

 home on a large 

 wooded lot. 

1571o Creekside 
$ 5 8 ,5 o o 

 r 

 rn rr—. r • 

 matic window place­ 

 ment to flood the 

 home with light and 

 compliment the entire 

 floor plan. 

Three and four bed­ 

 rooms, spacious living 

 areas, double hearth- 

 ed fireplaces, creative 

 kitchens, custom pan­ 

 eling with built-in 

 bookcases . . . all are 

 included in 
Design 

Homes in San Pedro 

Hills. 

For Information Call 494-1666. 

 j 
• V 
J 

_ 
I— 
H 
AG* 
I 

. .-«G 

“ 
I 

L U u 

San P ed ro 
Hills 

Another 
Denton Development 

PAG! 5-W 

SCHAEFER models decorated to please 
Schaefer chose three top area 

Ifs the unexpected, the little extras that go into each Schaefer home that elicit the “ooh’s and ah s” and. perhaps, convince many along the way that, although homes aren’t built like they used to be, they can be even better, 
While more and more builders have cut down their 

 building program s and stripped down their pro­ ducts, Schaefer is building a quality home in proven neighborhoods, with hidden values, luxurious extras and-energy-saving features — all at an affordable price and special financing. 
Concern for individual 
Tasteful individuality, quality craftsm anship and lasting value distinguish Schaefer’s philosophy of personal concern for the individual homebuyer. 
It’s Schaefer’s style to add a little style to its homes. Schaefer homes boast such exciting features as garden atrium s, sunken living areas, vaulted ceilings, fireplaces and even lofts that can double as an extra bedroom, study or hobby center. 
Schaefer is out to prove luxury features need not be limited to luxury priced homes. You can still find quality built homes with luxury features at a price you can afford. T hese hom es have glam orous country kitchens, space-saving bonus rooms, formal living and dining areas and even separate gam e rooms or a study for the kids. Even Schaefer kit­ chens are every bit as glamorous as they are func­ tional. 
Designed with imagination and flair, there seems to be no tolerance for the dull. Countertops range from chopping block to colorful formica, and there are extra touches like niches for displaying favorite pieces of china and elongated breakfast bars for space-saving dining. 
Schaefer kitchens come equipped with top - of - the line GE appliances, including self-cleaning ovens that make cooking and clean-up a breeze. 
The quality workmanship is evident throughout any Schaefer home: the hand-laid ceramic tile, the colonial handcrafted m olding (not stained, but painted), the m arble vanities, the abundant wall fabric, the handle sets on doors and the furniture- finished cabinetry. All extra Schaefer features make your home look better, last longer and make you proud to call it your own. 
There is more as energy-saving features. Each home has a custom-engineered, high-efficiency cen­ tral air and heat system ; special duct work for optim al air flow; 3V2-inch insulation between the walls; and six through eight inches of blown insula­ tion in the attic . In fact, th e re is ex tra a ttic ventilation, and all windows are designed to m ini­ mize air infiltration and maximize light and views. 
All of these add up to the Schaefer concept: “ We’re building homes you’ll want to come home to.” Qua­ lity built, affordably priced homes show an astounding amount of imagination and forethought on the part of the builder. 
Schaefer homes in Northern Hills are priced from 
$37,ooo to $7o,ooo. In Devonshire, Schaefer homes arc available from $37,ooo to $55,ooo; Lakeside, 
$3o,ooo to $5o,IKK). 
All neighborhoods are developed with consistency and are located near schools (the preferred North 
East and East Central School Districts) and shop­ ping centers to assure buyers of a sound investment. 
Schaefer models are open from IO a.m. until dusk. 
Financing is the best VA, FUA or conventional in 
(own. The homes are everything you should expect for what you’re going to spend 
“ Building Homes To Come Home To’ 

CLASSIFIED B iSP lA l- 
O A S ilH jP D cytAT 
C IA SSY *ICP DISPLAY 
C U LSSW tD D ISP LA Y 
-C t 
DISPLAY 
CLASSIFIED DISPLAY 
CLASSIFIED DISPLAY 

The Subdivisions 

The map provides the approxim ate location of the subdivision. 

LAKESIDE 
NORTHERN HILLS 

DEVONSHIRE 

GREEN SPRING VALLEY 

TIMBER RIDGE 

THUNDERBIRD ESTATE 

VALLEY FORGE 
1ooo OAKS 
X 

SAN PEDRO HILLS 

1o VALENCIA 

11 ALAMO HILLS 

12 UNIVERSITY OAKS 
13 OAK MOSS 
14 CIMARRON 

15 TWIN CREEK 

16 WOODS OF SHAVANO 

17 FRENCH CREEK VILLAGE 

18 OAK CREEK 

19 GREAT NORTHWEST 

2o FOREST GLEN 

21 M EA D oW W ooD NORTH 
22 CAMELOT 

23 BABCOCK NORTH 

24 HERITAGE FARM 

25 TANGLEWOOD 
26 VALLEY-HI 

27 WILDWOOD 

Twin Creek models 

Professional planning has made Twin 
( reek one of Hie fastest growining commun­ ities in the San Antonio area. 
The northwestern development offers the kind of homes modern families are looking for today and can still afford. 
Established 
Twin Creek, now considered one of the es­ tablished neighborhoods for San Antonians, has acquired a large populus since its grand opening in Fall. 1973. It was opened by Ho­ mecraft Corp., since acquired by the nation’s largest home builder, U. S. Home Corp. 
Streets in the neighborhood necessitate slow traffic, and house exteriors along each create an impressive blending of both colors and styles. It was all planned that way. 
The community also features its own pri­ vate clubhouse. It is already enjoyed by Twin 
Creek residents and offers them green, fenced tennis courts well lighted at nights. 
Other recreational facilities include a swim­ ming pool, wading pool, clubhouse with equipped kitchen and a playground for youngsters; 
Although surrounded by nature. Twin 
Creek also has a location of utmost conven­ ience. Here doer are seen running or feeding 

~ 
CLASSlLiiiTm SPLAY 
CLASSIFIED DISPLAY 

 its finest 

 but city noises are never heard. .Nevertheless. the thoroughfare Bandera Road is just a mile away; NAV. Loop 41o, one mile more. 
Of course, no city taxes apply to home payments made by Twin Creek residents. 
Located in the preferred Northside School 
District. Twin Creek is also close to I'TSA. 
USAA. South Texas Medical Center. South­ west Research Institute and Kelly and Lack­ land AFBs. 
Twin Creek homes can be purchased by VA financing which requires only a $1 total move-in cost and an annual interest rate of only 8 per cent. 
U. S. Home Corp. houses in Twin Creek. priced from as low as $34,95o. have either three or four bedrooms, two baths and two- car garages. All for sale this weekend also have IOO per cent masonry exteriors as just one energy-saving feature. 
Other C S. Home house features which help save energy include full insulation in walls. 
O^-inch insulation in ceilings, over-engin­ eered air conditioning and heat systems re- 

OASSIFIED DISPLAY 

 quiring minimal use and doors and windows which shut tightly. 
Homemakers are overjoyed with kitchens of these new U. S. Home houses. Work-saving features include the all-electric deluxe Magic 
Chef range and eontinous-cleaning oven, built-in dishwasher designed for double loads, plus plenty of cabinet space planned for working convenience. 
Other fine features of U.S. Home houses are handcrafted fireplaces, patios, room-finished two-car garages with overhead doors, accent paneling and sculptured front doors. 
Luxury appointments of the homes include 

 a choice of shag or sculptured nylon carpeting in all bedrooms and formal Iiv ing and dining areas. Twit full ceramic tile baths have mar­ ble dressing vanities with mirrored walls, cabinets, vinyl flooring and choice of wallco­ verings. 

Twin Creek is most easily reached by driv­ ing north of NAL Loop 41o on Bandera Road and turning west onto Grissom Road (FM 
471), following signs.which lead to the marked entranceway. Mote signs lead to the community’s six fully furnished, profession­ ally decorated model homes. 

CLASSIFIED D ISPLAY 
CLASSIFIED DISPLAY 
CLASSIFIED DISPLAY 
CLASSIFIED DISPLAY 
Discover 
Outstanding Value 

YOUNG FAMILY HOME 

“ PLAN 2 o 1 " 3 bedroom, 2 bath. Spacious living room with fireplace and beamed ceilings. Separate dining area features window boxes and spacious pantry. Master bedroom and large secondary bedroom will fit your growing family. $37,5oo. Available today! 
<# 
& 
—A bx 

"PL A N 2 o o " 
4 bedroom, 2 bath. Step into gracious living. Spacious family room with vaulted ceiling, and fireplace leads to huge country kitchen featuring large win­ dow box, plenty of sunlight and room to enjoy your family dining all together. 
Separate master bedroom affords com­ plete privacy. Other three large bedrooms will accommodate teen-agers easily, 
“ J $39,95o. Available today! 

 with a home in 
San Antonio’s' 
Fastest growing community. Come out today. 

Exit Loop 41o at Bandera Road. 
Proceed I mile north to Grissom 
Road (FM 471) and turn left. Go I mile to TW IN CREEK. ii 

R L E n C O 

Energy Saving 
Solar Grey Glass 
Windows by Alonco, 

K A WHIN! 
MAGIC CHEF 

 us-Home 

Listed on the New York Stock Exchange 
681-1111 

Real estate: your best investment 

Choosing a new home is perhaps the most form idable of the many problem s to be re­ solved in getting settled in a new environ­ m ent. Q uestion s sprout like bluebonnets around the subject. Rent or buy? Where? How much can I afford? New home or old? E stab­ lished community or new development? What about schools? What about property taxes? 
Decide v\ hich issue for you is the most im­ portant. lf it is schools, determ ine which district you want to live in. Guy Chipman Co.. 
Realtors, can furnish you with a map show ing school boundary lines. This is the time to tell your Realtor what your next priority is. and, then, you and your fam ily, along with the 
R e alto r-A sso cia te , will b egin looking at homes. 
Special advantages 

Home ownership offers special advantages that make life more enjoyable. A feeling of security com es with owning a home. Pay­ ments on your moi tgage mean you have made a m ajor investm ent and are acquiring a 

 saleable possession. Your real estate taxes and the interest on your m ortgage give you tax advantages. 
Too, more people have started on the road to financial independence by home owner­ ship than by any other way. Standing and credit come with the purchase of a home and make you a solid part of your community and add to your credit rating. 

Environment for your children is so im ­ portant. It g iv es them a chance to m ake life-long friends and teach es stability and responsibility. Better than a savings account, cash equity in your home appreciates to keep pace with inflation. 

For many years now, the trend of property values has usually been up . . . up . . . up. 
There are many ways to own property. Guy 
Chipman Co., Realtors, with its team of pro­ fe ssio n a l real e sta te a ss o c ia te s located throughout the North Side in any of its eight offices, can help you locate and purchase the p roperty that best su its your investm ent needs. 

“ Home Buyer H elper" will help to answer some of the questions you might have. Guy 
Chipman Co.. Realtors, offers every service to make home buying easier. 
"H om e Buyer H elper." an aid to any home purchase, has been put together to help you understand the many aspects of selecting and financing a home. Questions on home financ­ ing are explained. 
With the wide variety of finaning plans av ailable now. alm ost every family and single person as well can afford to buy a home. For the young family, there are financing plans availab le that require only a few hundred d o lla rs as a down paym en t and m in im al monthly payments. lf you ow n your present home and w ant one that better suits your fam ily, chances are it's easier for you to buy your "d re am Hom e” than you think it is. “ Home Buyer Helper” helps you find the financing that suits you best. 
There are certain com plications involved in buying any real estate. U sually, however, those “ com plications” are necessary and not 

 as com plicated as they seem . The job of your 
Realtor is to take care of any problem s for you and m ake sure the transaction is handled p ro p erly . All your q u estio n s a re ty p ical questions asked by most every home buyer. If you’ve never bought a home before, "H om e 
Buyer H elper” will be essential in helping you make the right decision. The guides and information contained in it will provide you with the m ost com plete and up - to - date information needed to m ake your purchase. 

‘Home Buyer Helper’ 

 lf you currently own a home, "H om e Buyer 
Helper” will show you the next tim e around by explaining a Home Trade-In program and equity advance. 
Guy Chipman Co., Realtors, “ Home Buyer 
Helper” is available without cost at any one of the firm ’s offices. Telephone or stop by. 
Home ow nership estab lish es roots. And. after all, isn’t that what family living is all about? 

CLASSIFIED DISPLAY 
CLASSIFIED DISPLAY 
CLASSIFIED DISPLAY 
CLASSIFIED DISPLAY 
CLASSIFIED DISPLAY 
CLASSIFIED DISPLAY 
CLASSIFIED DISPLAY we market 

CU STOM me finest home builders bi town. 

MISSION TRACE 

A natural and environmental community 

 developed by Jack Devore. Located out 

Vance Jackson past Wurzbach Road. Priced 

 from $ 48,ooo to $8o,ooo. 

696-3838 

FOR THE BEST SELECTION 
FROM THE FINEST 
BUILDERS, LOOK TO 

OAK MEADOW 

The "quiet community" developed by Sitterle 

Properties located off N W Military Highway 

 north of Lockhill Selma. Offered from 

$55,ooo to $76,ooo. 

492-227o 

GuyCMpmanQx 

SOLD 
(kgCkptmCk. 
REALTORS 
BJ 

SUMMERHILL 

Live like you always said you would in an 

 environmentally aware, European-styled 

 community. Located just out Military Drive to 

Braesview. $45,ooo to $71,ooo. 
344-3951 

Signs are everywhere! 

8 Regional Offices 

Gary pools win award 

Two swimming pools built by Gary Pools Inc., Ill 
N E . Loop 41o, won awards in the annual interna­ tional design contest sponsored by the National 
Swimming Pool Institute, it has been announced by 
Leif /.ars. Gary president. 
“ This is prestigious achievement," /ars pointed out. “ when it is considered that there were 4Xo entries from throughout the world from 125 com­ panies and Gary captured two of the 66 awards presented.” 
Only four Texas pools won recognition, and Gary entered half of them. The Gary pools were the only ones from this part of Texas to receive awards, /ars emphasized. 
/ars, w ho is past president of the Texas chapter of the institute, said the contest results were a tribute not only to Gary engineers but also to the technicians and construction crews who worked on the prize­ winning pools. 
Gary Pools, which also has offices in Austin and 
Dalis, have won similar awards in other years, but 
/ars believes this year’s results are more significant because of the intensity of competition. 
The Gary award winners were a concrete resi­ dential pool at the home of a prominent North Side businessman and a community pool, 56- by 56-feet, ut Green Spring Valley subdivision on Wetmore 

CLASSIFIED DISPLAY cTa SSIFpD D IS P L A Y 

PAGE 9-W 

Lauded entry by G a ry 

NORTHCLIFF! entrancew ay fountains built b y G a ry Pools 

Hoad north of N.E. Loop 41o. The latter is a modified 
L-shape with depths of three to six feet. It has an island at its mid-point, and the structure is con­ nected by two rustic bridges. 
The pools were judged from photographs by a 

 panel w hich consisted of an urban design consultant to the city of Washington. I). C\; a leading swimming pool management expert; and three leaders in the field of landscape architecture in the United States and Canada. 

CLASSIFIED DISPLAY 
“ Ci'ASSi¥iI'D DISPLAY- 
CLASSIFIED DISPLAY 
Cl a s s TfT e d d i s p l a y 

Thousands of N.E. IU 
35 motorists during the past few months have admired the beautiful fountain at the entrance to Northcliffe subdi­ vision, a multi-million dollar develop near the 
Cibolo exit. 
The 8o- by 4o-feet pro­ ject was built by Gary 
Pools Inc., IU N E. Loop 
41o, which also has of­ fices in Austin and Dal­ las. At one end is a 
15-foot planter, while, at the other end. eight fountain jets erupt streams of water on which colored lights play. 
A walk permits a view of the fountain from all angles, and it has been effectively landscaped. 
T iA iS if n o D i m r r 

Know what I like about our 
Gary Pool? 
Its Fun! 

My Brother says it keeps him in shape. 

Everybody has their own special reasons for liking our 
Gary pool. But I still think mine is the best 
IT’S REA LLY FUN! 
341-3331 

My Dad likes the way our 
Gary pool has “upped'' the value of our home. 
Morns really “into" the design, and the way it makes our yard so “neat" for parties and things. 

SAM AMTOMIO. AUSTIN & DALLAS 
I I I IN.E. Loop 4 IO 
San Antonio. Te*as 

PAGE 1o-W 

T H O U SA N D O A K S country club attracts m an y residents 

TIMBER RIDGE recreation center p rovid es pool, club 
Good recreation, homes await you in Timber Ridge 

Highlight of T im ber 
Ridge this weekend is the northw estern 
Bexar 
County neighborhood’s tennis and swim club. 
The junior olympic and twin tennis facilities are a real asset to the Timber 
Ridge com m unity. 
Rough cedar construc­ tion is featured in the picnic and dressing areas. Shaded areas are prov ided as well, and the entire area is fenced and well lighted for safety and beauty. 
Exciting 
This weekend m arks everyone’s opportunity to see one of the most beautiful community / recreation cen ters in 
Bexar County. 
Timber Ridge is an ex­ citing com m unity because of its conven­ ience to UTSA, USA A and the South Texas 
Medical Center. The re­ sidential area is just three minutes north of 
NAV. Loop 41o on Culebra 
Road; only 
2o from downtown San Antonio. 
Another plus for 
Timber Ridge, in addi­ tion to its recreational facilities, would be the advantages of fine 
Northside 
D istrict schools and presence of city utilities and absence of city taxes which calls for a real savings to 

Plentiful 
Thus far. there has been no shortgage of oil or gas in the United 
States; ifs just a matter of getting it to where it’s needed, says the Better 
Heating-Cooling Council. 
The largest users, the electric utilities which use our fuel for generat­ ing electricity, are easing off as coal becomes more readily available; so, by next winter, there may be plenty of fuel on the market for house heat­ ing. 

 r n 

RIDGE 

•A 

TIMBER RIDGE entrancew ay 

 homeowners in the area. 
The three- and four-be- droom homes in Timber 
Ridge offer many en­ ergy-saving features, ex­ tra insulation, electric attic exhaust and double glass windows, to men­ tion a few. Central heat and air, self-cleaning ovens, dishwashers, fin­ ished garages and patios. 

CLASSIFIED D4SPLAY 

 also are featured. 
Timber Ridge actually is a com m unity of the future but is ready for you to move in today. 
Model homes are open daily from noon until dark. 
F inancing is available through FUA, 
VA or conventional means, each with m in­ imal interest rates. c u t sS'FW fflSPl. A V----------------- 

‘New world’ found in Thousand Oaks 

Step into the world of 
Thousand Oaks. 
See and feel the differ­ ence that careful thought and consideration can make in the planning of a new community that has saved the best n atu re created — the shape of the land and the thou­ sands of natural live oak and cedar trees which grace the gently rolling slopes. 
Consideration 
Living inside Thousand 
Oaks, you sense that quality was the prim e consideration. 
Only builders known for their fine craftsmanship were selected to particpate in the development of the community. 
Designed with imagin­ ation and flair, Thousand 
Oaks hom es are filled with ideas to enhance your lifestyle. Vaulted ceilings, sunken living room areas, Woodburn ing fireplaces, private gardens and atriums are but a few of the luxury features. 
You'll find Mexican tile floors, deep plush c a r ­ peting, color-coordinated w allcoverings and gla morous country kitchens with garden windows for grow ing herbs. 
Meal planning for your family or e n te rta in in g for friends becomes a plea­ sure, and, with all the 

O ld fuel lf your house is heated by a boiler, you probably have plenty of excess ca­ pacity for the coldest days, reports the Better 
Heating-Cooling Council. 
If the heating seemed scant at tim es, your heating contractor can raise the water tempera­ ture to give you all the comfort you need. lf you were depending on electric heat and couldn’t quite make it, it would be necessary to install additional heaters, as such units have a fixed output and are often sized right on the borderline. 

CLASSIFIED DISPLAY 

3 AND 4 BEDROOMS 
*33,65o to *36,ooo 
8 % V A Financing 
FHA & Conv. A v a ila b le 
NORTHSIDE SCHOOLS: 3 ELKS. FROM 
ELEMENTARY 
& 
CLOSE TO HOLMES 
HIGH & SUL ROSS JR. HIGH — 

FEATURING: 

• 2 Baths • Custom Cabinets • Central Heat & Air 
• Lots O f Closet Space • High On A Hill. 

Open 1o A M Til Dark 
H.P. ORTS CONSTRUCTION 
Sales Off: 6oo6 White Cloud 
6 8 4 -1 3 8 6 
M ktd. by W alt Cornelius: 8 2 8 -6 3 4 3 
. 

 time-saving devices, you have more time to plan for yourself. 
Within the community, you’ll find Thousand 
Oaks 
R acquet 
Club, which boasts the finest tennis installation in San 
Antonio. There are light­ ed outdoor courts, air conditioned indoor courts, an Olympic size outdoor pool and a health club which features ex­ ercise rooms, sauna and steam rooms and an in­ door pool. As a resident of Thousand Oaks, you have special m e m b e r­ 

 ship privileges. A full­ time manager is on hand to plan the various re ­ creatio n a l and social program s of which you will want to becom e a part. 
Children of Thousand 
Oaks attend schools in the North East District, where scholastic excel­ lence is the s ta n d ard . 
Total shopping is only minutes away. The North 
S tar and Central P a rk 
Malls , but a five-minute drive, and, with the completion of the North 
E xpressw ay soon, you 

 can Im? downtown in only 
12 minutes. USAA, UT­ 
SA, the South Texas Me­ dical C enter and R a n ­ dolph AFB are all easily accessible. 
Homes are open for in­ spection every day from ll) a.m. until dark. Se­ lected builders are Ol­ mos Home Builders, M. 
A. Scholl E n te rp rise s, 
Clint VVeilbacher, Great 
America, Victor Oehler, 
P eter 
S ch in k er and 
Carlton Church. 
Step into this brave new world. You’ll love it 
— inside and out! 

CLASSIFIED DISPLAY 
CLASSIFIED DISPLAY 
CLASSIFIED DISPLAY 

Timber Ridge is growing up. 

Timber Ridge offers a choice of neighborhoods 
- $33,ooo- $37,ooo and $4o,ooo - $5o,ooo - in the growing northwest. Model homes are open daily from noon till dark and from IO am till dark on weekends. So drive out today and look us over. Just 3 minutes north of loop 41o at the Culebra Road exit. 

City utilities 
No city taxes 
3 and 4 bedroom homes 
Tennis and swim club 
VA, FHA and conventional financing 
Convenient to Medical complex, UTSA, USAA, 
Lackland, Southwest Research 

Quality Home Builders: 
Environment Homes - 681-1371 
Hidden Value Homes — 684-1577 
Liberty Homes — 684-5655 
Trans Texas Homes — 684-o393 

UTSA USAA. MEDICAL CENTER 
(HIO / 

N 

TIMBER 
/ 
RIDGE 
*TimBER RIDGE 
The place where you belong. 

♦ 
RAGE 11-W 
Oak Meadow homes open in Phase ll 

Anyone who has viewed beautiful Oak Meadow in the past w ill be even more impressed with all new Phase ll in the area. 
Sitterle 
Properties, builder in Oak Meadow, has outdone itself in pro­ viding choice homesites, gracefully adapted to the oak-forested area that is 
Phase II. The trees have been a prime considera­ tion in the placement of the great new homes be­ ing constructed there. 
The trees have been left, virtually untouched, so that residents may enjoy the privacy, shade and country-like atmosphere they provide. 
Wide variety 
Sitterle Properties is offering a wide v ariety of spacious floor plans priced from $54,6oo. They include split-level, as 

 well as one- and two- story plans. Three , four and five bedrooms; de­ corator baths; cathedral ceilings; luxury carpet­ ing; elegant entries; fire­ places; wet bars; and the most modern electric kitchens will be featured. 

A variety of exteriors, plus cedar roofs, are de­ signed to blend with the countryside. Energy-sav- ing insulation, custom cabinetry and large, landscaped lots are addi­ tional benefits to buying a home in Oak Meadow. 

Sitterle homes in Oak 
Meadow are an ideal choice for family living. as the homes are larger than most, for the mon­ ey, and recreational faci­ lities are conveniently located. There are tennis 

 courts and a swim club with a pool for younger children also included. 
Preferred North East 
District schools service 
Oak Meadow with Castle 
Hills Elementary, Ja ck ­ son Middle and Churchill 
High Schools. NAV. Loop 
41o and its major shop­ ping malls are only six minutes away by car. 

There are no city taxes in Oak Meadow, yet resi­ dents have the advan­ tages of city utilities. 
Buying a home in Oak 
Meadow now is a wise investment, as building costs continue to rise. 
Those who buy now will have the greatest selec­ tion of homesites and the 
“ pick” of the floor plans. 

Oak Meadow homes through Saturday from IO may be viewed Tuesday a.m. until dusk; Sunday 

O A K M EA D O W hom es present a w ide v a rie ty of luxury 

 and Monday, from noon. 
Drive out NAV. Military 
Highway just six minutes watch for Oak Meadow from NAV. Loop 41o and signs. 

CLASSIFIED DISPLAY 
CLASSIFIED DISPLAY 
CLASSIFIED DISPLAY 
CLASSIFIED DISPLAY 
CLASSIFIED DISPLAY 
CLASSIFIED DISPLAY 
CLASSIFIED DISPLAY 

A LITTLE BIRD 
SHOWED US... 

* 

*an Oak Meadowlark 

►•JR 

/***; 
: A; 

. . . The way to the newest, most exciting area for living 
V r ' in the San Antonio area . . . 

^ J* rn 

 w - 
SSI/:- 
{/flu, 

P 
/ J SS'. 
Announcing Phase ll of OAK M EADOW . 
Dramatic 1 and 2 story floorplans, fea­ turing 3,4 arid 5 bedrooms. Large spacious homes among the trees . . . private, hidden values . . . the homeowner will grow to appreciate. A Sitterle World, in a country atmosphere, only 6 minutes from the malls and Loop 41o. 
~">eadoiu 
492-227o 
3, 4 and 5 Bedroom Homes from $54,6oo •VA, Conventional 
Financing • No City Taxes • N.E. Schools • Complete Recrea­ tional Facilities • Energy Saving Insulation • Cedar Roofs • Large, 
Wooded, Landscaped Lots • Models Open Daily 

M A R K ET E D BY GUY CHIPMAN COMPANY R E A L T O R S 

<A4uu. 

■ 
*/////. 
\ Att///* tZpm? 

\ K U £ - 

PJI*****, 

• ’"“ 'tit 

PAGE 12-W 
All around San Antonio 

PAGE 13-W 

A Ray Ellison community of fine homes is a combination of many factors thoroughly weighed before development: from compo­ sition of the soil itself to utilities access; proximity to major arteries and express­ 

 ways, shopping centers, schools and other conveniences and necessities of modern living. Ray Ellison’s attention to these fac­ tors affect the life-long value of your new home investment. 

Ellison home sales thriving 

The new home m arket in San An­ tonio is a “ bull” m arket today, and new homes are being sold as fast as the builders can produce them to the meet the heavier demand. 
That’s the general consensus among homebuilders in San Antonio, and Ray 
Ellison Sr., the city ’s largest hom e­ builder and chairman of the board of 
Ray Ellison Industries, believes new home sales for 1977 may be up by as much as 5o per cent over the previous year’s totals. 

Sales doubled 

Ellison, who sells every fourth house built in the Alam o City ttnd w hose homes now house approximately 7o,ooo 
San A ntonians, has announced that new home sales by his firm, during the 

 first three m onths of the year, have doubled sales figures for the first three months of 1976. 
E llison has noted that his firm is responding to demand by launching more housing starts during the first quarter of 1977 than in any comparable period in the en tire history of the company. 
The consum er realizes the impact of inflation on the housing industry, El­ lison pointed out, and he doesn't want to wait any longer to m ake his new home in vestm en t. Although E llison conceded that in flation ary factors would continue to be felt throughout the housing industry during 1977, he said many fam ilies were determined to carry through with new hom e pur­ chases, despite rising costs. 
“ I’m not exaggerating when I say 

 that, if som eone wants to be able to move into a new Ray Ellison home be­ fore the start of the school year next 
Septem ber,” he d eclared, “ th ey’re going to have to move fast because a lot of other p eople have the sam e idea.” 
Because of inflationary pressures in costs of lum ber and other building m a te ria ls, E lliso n said one of his firm’s primary objectives at the pre­ sent time is “ to see how we can keep that inflationary gap just as narrow as possible, without com prom ising the quality of our product.” 

Ile pointed out that the price of a new home is going up at a rate of about >/2 
•if I per cent per month, and he expects that rate to hold fairly constant. 
“ The homebuyer sees what is hap­ 

 pening to costs," Ellison stated, “but he's looking at the other side of the coin — and this holds true w hether he’s buying an Klllisnn home or considering some other builder — he knows that, if he buys now, he can take advantage of that inflationary rate in term s of his own equity advantages.” 
Ellison said he believes today’s ho­ meowner realizes the American home is one of the last vestiges of personal pride of ownership in this country. 
“ People want as much as they can get for their dollar, and that includes com fort and sp aciou sn ess because that’s the kind of lifestyle they want for their fam ilies,” he said. “We believe the kind of home they’re looking for, at reasonable prices, and w e’re doing everything we can lo keep prices in line with people’s expectations.” 

; rv i i / ; ' 
J . AT f 

Ray Ellison Homes, all over town, features the exclusive Ellison energy package designed to reduce soaring utility bills in the harshest extremes of W inter or Summer. 
The package includes ceiling and wall insu­ lation which exceeds V A /F H A standards* 

 special caulking and sealant, along with interlocking thresholds to drastically reduce air infiltration; thermostatically controlled power attic ventilators; and energy efficient air conditioning and heating units. 

CLASSIFIED DISPLAY 
CLASSIFIED DISPLAY 
CLASSIFIED DISPLAY 
CLASSIFIED DISPLAY 
CLASSIFIED DISPLAY 
CLASSIFIED DISPLAY 
CLASSIFIED DISPLAY 
CLASSIFIED DISPLAY 
CLASSIFIED DISPLAY 
CLASSIFIED DISPLAY 
CLASSIFIED DISPLAY 
CLASSIFIED DISPLAY 
CLASSIFIED DISPLAY 
CLASSIFIED DISPLAY 
CLASSIFIED DISPLAY 

T H IS IS T H 
H O 

 m m r n r n * 
A T R A Y B U IL D S ... 

 lf y o u ’ve made the rounds of homebuilders in 
San Antonio recently, yo u ’ll know why Ray 
Ellison is acknowledged as the leading home­ builder in this part of the country. 

RAY ELLISON HAS 
MASTERED THE ART OF HOMEBUILDING. 

IT ALL BEGINS WITH 
SELECTING THE SITE and coordinating all the elements that go into pro­ ducing an Ellison com­ munity of fine homes. 
Many factors are studied, from composition of the soil itself to utilities access, proximity to major arteries and expressways, shopping centers, schools and other conveniences and necessities of modern living. 

ONLY THE BEST MATERIALS GO INTO CON­ 
STRUCTION OF AN ELLISON HOME. Top quality Burrill studs are 
. 

 builders’ houses. We take just as much care in selecting brick with low moisture retention and chip resistance. 

Once the walls and ceilings are in place, we begin installing the EXCLUSIVE 
ELLISON ENERGY PACKAGE, starting with IO inches of blown 
Rockwool insulation in the ceilings and 
3 5/8 inch 

 t h c r .v.o s t a t _ 

' 
/ / ' » 
-s 
I 
/ ' I 
I 
Rockwall full-thick batt insulation in the walls, 
N exceeding VA/FHA standards by a considerable margin. 

The rest of the package includes special caulking around windows and doors, power attic ventilators, interlocking thresholds, double- pane windows in most models, and metal spring- type weather stripping designed to reduce air infiltration drastically. 

 used on 
16-inch centers, for one thing. 
Trusses are constructed for added strength. We use the best paint available, to eliminate the chipping, peeling and chalkiness you may experience after a relatively short time in other 

 lAMNMMMM 

Energy efficient air­ conditioning and heating units top off the most ejective energy package being offered to 
San Antonians by builders today! 

 br 2 

 r l r - 
■ 

.* dine 

 liv 

 kit " 

 d mbr 

 ti 

 br 3 bl r 

 entry parlor 
\ 
I______ 

 util J 

 gar 

YOU C A N T FIND A BUILDER IN TOWN WITH 
A WIDER VARIETY OF EXCITING CONTEM­ 
PORARY DESIGNS FOR NEW HOMES. Soar­ ing cathedral ceilings, brick and native-stone fire­ places, split-level plans, storage areas, privacy, plenty of room for teen socializing or adult enter­ 

 tainment -- and all the other exciting elements that make an Ellison floor plan come alive for v on1 

We are just as concerned with quality and durability when it comes to THE APPOINTMENTS, FIX­ 

TURES AND APPLIANCES that grace your. new home interior. The finest car­ peting, decorator vinyl wall 

 fabrics, contemporary lighting fixtures, 
Moen stainless steel sinks and faucets, and a host of other “extra touches” are standard in Ray 
Ellison homes. 

CB LITTON 
V ‘ •AIK' C 
Appliances are always top of the line, and many* Ellison homes 
NOW FEATURE 
AS STANDARD THE 
'T ' 
DRAMATIC LITTON COMBINATION 
MICROWAVE RANGE, of­ fering the best of both worlds of conventional and microwave cooking. 

Once y o u ’ve moved into your new Ray Ellison home, OUR CUSTOMER SERVICE STAFF O F 
SPECIALISTS is there to help you for a full year, answering your questions and lending you their skills when necessary. 

WHY NOT COME 
AND SEE FOR 
YOURSELF? 

We have beautifully furnished models and fully informed representatives at each of our Ray 
Ellison communities. SEE, FEEL AND TOUCH the difference in our homes. 
PERHAPS THIS IS THE YEAR YOU WERE 
WAITING FOR LAST YEAR...for investment in a new home and a new lifestyle for your family. 

These are the homes that Ray builds built with YOU in mind. 
. and they’re 

Camelot 

S3o - $58,ooo 
655-4123 

 b t a b c o c k 
9|C n o r t h 
$31 - $38,ooo 
696-817o 

 iiMMutood 

$38 - $46,ooo 
681-3o2o 

 heritage r f * 
673-4142 
*fangleujood 
$39 - $55,ooo 
696-817o 
V /m -Hi 
$24 - $32,ooo 
674-3575 
Ray Ellison Homes 

PAGE M W 
Oak Moss North offers larger lots 

 f* 5 TO TO AC 
• FINANCING 
• NORTHEAST 
• NO CITY TA 

SALES 
OFFICE 

" 
O A K 
ESTATES d r 

OAK MOSS 
NORTH 

I C A N Y O N CREEK le e .______ 
.CHURCHILL 
V 
H IG H 

A pleasant drive through the country this weekend can take you to 
Oak Moss North, the 

 pastoral setting for grand 

 homesites so near to the 

 city yet so far removed 

 from its muses and con­ 

 gestion. 

Oak Moss North offers 

O A K M O SS NORTH features large country lots 
Oak Creek home situated serenely 

 tree-studded homesites ranging from five to IO acres in size. 
The scenic surround­ ings of Oak Moss North yield great views, and each homesite here is more or less a “ \ ista” in its own right. 
Oak Moss North is where the country air is clean; the water is pure; and the giant, native oaks 

 provide ample amounts of shade for the kind of home that best befits the lot. 
Custom building, of course, is welcomed at 
Oak Moss North. 
For all its serenity and great country liv ing. Oak 
Moss North is ideally situated. It is even within the preferred North East 
School District and. via 

Blanco Road, near major shopping centers and employment centers such as U TS A. USA A, 
South Texas Medical 
Center, Methodist Hospi­ tal, Veterans Hospital and, to the east, Ran­ dolph A FB and Universal 
City. 
Canyon 
(re e k 
Country Club is to the direct south. . 
Oak 
Moss 
North’s 

 exact location is 4.3 miles north of NAV. EM IHo4 off 
Blanco Road. Its sales office is on Oak Estates 
Drive, which also leads to the homesites featured this weekend. 
Of course, the rural residential area is out­ side any city limits. 
Homesites can bt1 seen this weekend from I to 6 p m. each day. 

CLASSIFIED DISPLAY 
CLASSIFIED DISPLAY 
CLASSIFIED DISPLAY 
CLASSIFIED DISPLAY 

Enjoy Hill Country Living 

 in Northwest San Antonio in beautiful Oak Creek. Our premium homes range from $48,5oo to $9o,ooo on large wooded homesites. Customized homes available for immediate move-in. Please visit our professionally decorated models today! 

FURNISHED MODELS 
OPEN DAILY 

Call Mr. Thomas Hotman for Appointment 684-31 I 2 

OAS i 

» A genuine Hill Country development of preferred homes and full city ser­ vices w ill be featured this weekend as Oak Creek in northwestern 
Bexar 
County. 
Oak Creek is a com­ munity from Homecraft 
Corp., now a major di­ vision of U.S. Home 
Corp. Its homes well befit the native oak trees and mountain laurels that capture the whole ro­ mance of nature. 
Oak Creek stands out as a prime example of professionally planned communities which yield the best in modern liv ing and definitely lasting, even increasing home values. 
Conveniences 
In choosing the serene setting for Oak Creek. 
Homecraft was sure to preserve Mother Na­ ture’s own creations in a way which allows all city conveniences. Result- ingly, Oak Creek boasts fully paved, curbed streets, all city utilities and even sidewalks. 
Homecraft always has displayed four fully fur­ nished, professionally decorated model homes in the at - home - with nature neighborhood. 
The models highlight­ ing Oak Creek serve as • fine examples of the 
‘quality houses Home­ craft builds. Because the building - developing firm plans to build lux­ ury homes on the area's 

3oo acres of wooded ele­ gance, special extras a;e offered among the homes now showing in the thriving neighborhood. 
At some points in building, buyers in Oak 
Creek can have a number of different choices for their homes’ interiors. 
They can select colors and patterns for vinyl wallcoverings; colors and kinds of carpeting to cover all but baths, kit­ chens and breakfast ar­ eas; and either gas or electric ranges as part of the package of built-ins for work-saving kitchens. 
Standard luxury fea­ tures for Oak Creek homes include items as desirable as all-brick, handcrafted fireplaces, automatic garage door openers, large storage rooms and marbletop vanities. 
Some Oak Creek homes have wet bars; sloped ceilings in fam ily and liv ing areas as well as in master suites; and fin­ ished two-car garages either separated or with a rear entry. 
Oak Creek, situated outside any city Limits and between Culebn and 
Potranco Roads off N.W. 
EM 16o4, is served by the 
Northsidc School D is­ trict. 
It thus has good proxi­ mity to major destination points like USAA, UTSA, 
Southwest 
Research 
Center and K elly and 
Lackland AFBs. 

D o n ’t drain 
If your house is heated with a hot water boiler, here is no reason to change the water. They lydronic system is sealed, and any impurities bought in with the fresh water originally have Ion ettled out. Bringing in new water also brings in new mpurities. They are not of great significance unless ou keep adding fresh water repeatedly; so, don’t do t, advises the Better Heating-Cooling Council. 

Three different routes can be taken to Oak 
Creek. The most direct is to simply take the Hwy. 

N.W. FM 16o4, where a right turn leads to the community marked by a magnificent brick foun­ tain entranceway. 

CLASSIFIED DISPLAY 

AN BE ARRANGED ffie flrst 
CHOOL DISTRICT live in 
S 
OAK MOSS NORTH. 
Custom Building A vailable 

OAK MOSS NORTH IS LOCATED 4.3 MI. NORTH OF FM 16o4 OF FM 16o4 ON BUNCO RD. 
OPEN I P.M. TIL 6 P.M. 

SAT. & SUN. 497-3638 
FOR INFORMATION OR APPOINTMENT AFTER HOURS OR WEEKDAYS CALL 1-438-7167 

PAGE 15-W 
‘Uniqueness’ underlies 
Green Spring Valley 

7, 
‘ -V\.- • t < 
"J 
' 

GREEN SPRING VALLEY model 

G reen S prin g Valley, an e x c itin g new s u b d i­ vision just north of the 
San Antonio city lim its, offers homeowners a un­ ique living environm ent in a natural com m unity carefully planned. 
Subdivision p la n n e rs w ere a b le to p r e s e r v e m uch of th e n a tu r a l beauty of the area, and the s u b d iv is io n ’s p r o ­ gressive design has used the a r e a ’s t e r r a i n to c r e a te n a tu r a l r e c r e a ­ tional fa c ilitie s for ho- meow tiers. 

CLASSIFIED DISPLAY 
H O m P Q VCI TV 
(iroen S p rin g V alley 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
V # 
■ 
W residents can enjoy their in French 
Creek site 

 own n a tu r a l p a rk . T he site of th is p a rk is a 
.‘1o-acre green licit deeded to hom eow ners. N atu re tr a il s w ind th r o u g h a heavily wooded section of this belt. Huge, old oaks line th e tr a il s . T h e se tr e e s an d t h e i r u n d e r ­ growth have been left in their natural state. 
The green belt also in­ c lu d e s a p ic n ic a r e a , complete with tables, and a grassy meadow with a fo o tb all g rid . P a r e n t s will be glad children can reach the p a rk w ithout c ro s s in g any m a jo r streets. 

T h e s u b d iv is io n ’s sw im m ing pool and ten­ nis courts also have been built with the landscape in m ind. Tall oak trees shade the sw im m ing a r ­ ea, com plete with a wa­ terfall, rock-lined w alk­ ways and an island in the middle of the pool. Green 
S p rin g 
V alley ho­ m e o w n e rs can play on th re e p ro fessio n al size te n n is c o u rts , but no chain link fence m ars the horizon. Nylon nets keep th e b a lls in w ith ou t b lo ck in g the view . A p arty c a b a n a , m ad e of rock and redwood in con­ 

 tem porary styling, offers residents full party faci­ lities. 
T h e su b d iv isio n h a s been designed for m ax i­ m al safety and co nv en­ ience. The street layout m in im iz e s tra ffic flow for g r e a te r safety, and s e c u r ity g u a r d s p a tro l the a re a nig h tly . Land has been set aside on the p e r i m e t e r s of 
G re e n 
S prin g V alley for c o m ­ mercial use and soon w ill p ro vid e re s id e n ts w ith convenience sto res and sim ilar facilities. 
This natural living en­ vironment is located just 

 nine m inutes from Loop 
41(1 and 15 from N orth 
S ta r and C e n tra l P a r k 
Malls. Green Spring Val­ ley residents pay no city ta x e s , an d th e s u b d i ­ vision lies in the N orth 
East School District. 
P r i c e s r a n g e fro m 
$48,ooo to $1oo,ooo. 
V isit G re e n S p r in g 
Valley today and enjoy the natural beauty of this in n o v a tiv e h o u sin g development. 

CLASSIFIED DISPLAY 

French Creek Village, an attractive community off B a n d e r a R oad and north of Leon Valley, will feature new homes by a fam ily f ir m th is w ee­ kend. 
T. E. H eth erin gto n & 
D a u g h te rs is th e fir in building a wide array of new homes in the seren­ ely situ ated com m unity in n o rth w e s te rn B exar 
County. 
Variety 
The firm d raw s from som e 4o d ifferen t floor plans w hile building in 
F re n c h C reek V illag e. 
Such an a r r a n g e m e n t c a lls for g r e a t v a rie ty a m o n g th e d if fe re n t hom es w hich ran g e , in size, fro m th r e e - b e ­ droom, two-bath to five- bedroom, 3L2-bath plans. 
The various plans also call for a wide range of s q u a r e fo o ta g e , from 
1,7oo to 3,ooo sq. f t . # 
S urprisingly, these new* hom es a r e placed in a flexible price range that makes each a great bar­ g ain : fro m a s low as 
$48,ooo lo only $65,ooo. 
V a rie ty also can be seen a m o n g th e m an y and v a rie d e x te r io r stylings applied to these homes. Ranging from the very tr a d it io n a l to the extremely modern, if not futuristic, these designs c re a te an im p r e s s iv e 

 b le n d in g alo n g the streets of French Creek 
Village. In fact, they are one of the main reasons the com m unity is so a t­ tractive. 
As one would expect, th e s e h o m es co n tain a la rg e n u m b e r of s t a n ­ d a r d s a c tu a lly c o n s i­ dered “ extras” by some builders. Fine carpeting, b e a m e d c e ilin g s , wet b a rs and the m ost m o ­ d e rn of F r i g id a i r e a p ­ pliances are am ong the features of many of these homes. 
F re n c h Creek Village is a comm unity well re ­ m oved from the noise and c o n g e stio n of tin 
“ m e tr o p le x ” but n e a r many m ajo r destination p o in ts like th e South 
T ex as M edical C enter, 
CTS A, US A A and NAV. 
Loop 41o, which, in turn, q u ic k ly le ad s to o th e r s ite s such as th e 
S o u th w e st 
R e s e a rc h 
C enter, executive office complexes, shopping and entertainm ent , facilities and Kelly and Lackland 
AFBs. 
F ren ch Creek Village is re a c h e d m ost easily sim ply by exiting from 
NAV. Loop 41o onto Ban­ d e ra Road and d riv in g north of Leon Valley to th e c o m m u n ity ’s la rg e billboard sign m ark in g its entranceway. 

Keep cool 

 lf you’re in the market for a room air conditioner, get the size you need, lf it’s too big, it will cost more to buy and more to run and may not give you the comfort you want. On a hot su m m e r’s day, you will have to repeatedly turn it off, then on again, indicating you’re either too chilly or too warm. 

And don’t think an oversized unit will do much for the rest of the house, advises the Better Heating- 
Cooling Council. Most of the cool air will stay in that one room, and very little will be pushed through the doorway. 

Some of the new air conditioners are highly efficient, giving you more B tu’s for your Kilowatt dollar, so check into the E nergy Efficiency Ratio before you buy. Room air conditioning unit with their economical individual control, combined with zoned hydropic, heating in Winter, will give you comfort and economy for all seasons. 

CLASSIFIED DISPLAY 
CLASSIFIED DISPLAY 

Express-News 
Want Ads 
225-1666 

CLASSIFIED DISPLAY 

G/«4G€ 
$77,5oo 

 ridge the lifestyle gap. Leave ordinary behind and cross over to adventure in our two-story 
Bridge j \ House. As practical 
5 as it is beautiful. 

LWC ROOM 
B£LOW 

 im r -55 . x™ 
■ 
. V w m 
' ) I? m r n ® • »f 
,y < k ti*).? , k jM. 
GR£eicMTIG WHO' 
S pi 
J- Vie- -> > 

A prestige community with tennis courts, pools, parklands and the most beautiful contemporary homes in San Antonio. 

A HOME IS THE LARGEST 
INVESTMENT YOU WILL EVER 
MAKE. 
W w ■ f l ) OTI • 

BEFORE YOU INVIST IN A HOME 
LEARN ABOUT SAN 
V 
ANTONIO 
S 

PERSONAL PROFESSIONAL 
HOME BUYER SERVICE 

WHITE-WY ATT 
A SSO C IA TES 

3211 NACOGDOCHES ROAD, SAN ANTONIO, TEXAS 78217 512/655-7641 
REAGOR 

PAGE16-W . 

CLASSIFIED D I S P L A Y _____________ C lA SSIfliD DISPLAY______________ 
CLASSIFIED DISPLAY 

BUY NOW 
OR 
WAIT? 

T ill. i;« a question that confront* many would-be buyer*. 
Should they go ahead and buy that home now or wait for interest rates to drop from their present high? 

W ord o f an ex p ert 

Take the word of such an expert as Sylvia Porter, the noted syndicated financial newspaper columnist, that the family interested in home buying would do well to buy it now. 

Should you commit yourself now to record high rates on a 2.”>- or 3o-year mortgage or wait and see about your chances at a possibly lower rate, she asked. 

Here w as her own answer: ' Assuming that, on average. the purchase price of a house increases by IO per cent a year — a reasonable assumption — you \%ill not save by wait iii for lower mortgage rates to buy your house.” r p c 
. 
. 
To illustrate: 

• If you are looking at a $36,ooo borne, with a IO per cent down payment of $3,6oo. that same home, a year from now. will probably cost $39,6oo (reflecting a IO per cent increase in price). with a down payment of $3,96o. 
Immediately, von have saved $36o. 

• lf you compute tin* monthly payment on a 23-year mortgage for the house this year at 9Vi per cent, you pay 
$2o3.16. Now. if you wait a year and if the mortgage rate 

 d r o p s a full percentage point to 8‘/i» per cent, you will pay 
$2o6.9o per month — or $3.o2 per month more. I ii one year. that s $13.84. O ver 23 years that comes to $1.116. 

• lf you add the $1.1 16 saved on your monthly pay* 

 n ie n ts to the $ 3 6 o saved on the initial down payment, you 

 c o m e up w itll a total of $ 1 ,3 o 6 saved over the term of the mortgage. 

Sim ply put. this means that, unless there is a steep decline in interest rates (highly unlikely) as well as a drastic reduction in the price of housing (also unlikely), there is no way you can save money bv waiting to buy. 

It must be understood that, just like everything else in our economy, housing costs will continue to rise: existing 

 h o m e s , appreciate iii value. That means that a delay iii purchase will result in higher down payments and a larger monthly payment on a larger mortgage. 

O ther investment points should he considered along with the cost savings by buying now. They are: the equity you build up in your home through payment on the mortgage principal: the appreciation of the home s value; aud the tax advantages gained by allowable deductions for real estate taxes and interest payments. 

Bv FR ANK M A N I PELLI 
GREATER S A BUILDERS ASSOCIATION PRESIDENT 

W h ite - W y a tt A sso­ ciates, a recent real estate firm that also can custom build homes, announces its staff as, from left, Jim 
W hite, M iffy White, 
Tripp Presley, Glenn 
W y a tt, 
Anna 
Jo 
W yatt and Jack Vick. 

W hite-W yatt firm announced 

White - Wyatt Asso­ ciates is a local San An­ tonio real estate and building firm specializ­ ing in the sales, market­ ing, design and con­ struction of residential properties and commer­ cial facilities of all sizes. 
White - Wyatt Asso­ ciates is a member of the 
Greater San Antonio 
Builders Association, 
San Antonio Board of 
Realtors and the San An­ tonio Multiple Listing 
Service. 
‘Persona!' 
According to 
Jim 
White and Glenn Wyatt of 
White - Wyatt Associates, 
“ ll is the goal of this firm to provide personal, pro­ fessional real estate ser­ vices to a select few at a time because we feel, in this way. we can give more individual, person­ alized attention to our clients, which means dollars for them.” 
White - Wyatt will work 

 with clients to sell their present home and will help them f.nd exactly the right home which will best suit their needs. If an acceptable home is unavailable, the firm will custom build them a home, and they can choose from over 3o6 dif­ ferent plans, elevations and specifications avai­ lable at its corporate headquarters. 
The White - Wyatt As­ sociates firm is not only active in residential pro­ perties but also in commercial real estate, as well as land and ranches. In commercial real estate, land and ranches, the firm will give its utmost attention, effort and research to finding and qualifying investment opportun­ ities. 
The firm gives person­ al. professional real es­ tate - related services through a limited number of highly quali­ 

 fied Realtors, Realtor - 
Associates and building contractors. 
Jim White is a gra­ duate of Abilene Chris­ tian University who has been involved in the real estate industry since 1969 and has held top execu­ tive positions with var­ ious corporations in the marketing and education fields throughout the 
Southwest, including 
Dallas and San Antonio, and in the Southeast including Nashville. 
In San Antonio, White has consulted with and has been associated with three major home­ builders and was re­ sponsible for the total marketing program of single-family homes, townhomes and subdi­ vision promotion. 
Glenn Wyatt is a Bryan native who attended 
Texas A&M University. 
Ile has been in construc­ tion since 1953, having vast knowledge and ex­ 

 perience in all phases of commercial and residen­ tial building. Before mov ing to San Antonio in 
1973 to become project manager of the multi-fa­ mily division of a major new home builder, Glenn was associated with R. 
B. Butler Inc. of Bryan for 15 years and was project manager of the design and building di­ vision from 1968 to 1973. 
Three of the many Texas facilities Wyatt directed the building of w hile with 
Butler were in San An­ tonio: Mission Chevrolet, 
Gunn Oldsmobile and 
North Central Ford. 
The corporate firm headquarters is located at 3211 Nacogdoches Rd. just IL* blocks beyond 
Bitters Road. One may call 655-7641 for an ap­ pointment or come by, and the firm will assist you, your friends or bu­ siness associates in any and all of your real es­ tate needs. 

CLASSIFIED D I S P L A Y __________________ CLASSIFIED DISPLAY______________________CLASSIFIED D ISPLAY_____________ ~ 
CLASSIFIED D ISPLAY 

WE SELL 
NEW HOMES 
WE SELL 
EXISTING HOMES 

WE BUILD 
CUSTOM HOMES 
WE LIST 
EXISTING HOMES 

Series to debut as Windsor homes 

PAGE 17-W 

Windsor Homes unveils three series of homes that put homeownership within the realm of every budget. 
Each series of homes boasts the unmista­ kable quality Windsor Homes is noted for. 
Each series also displays creativity and in­ novation, including energy-saving features, decorator-inspired interiors and easy living floor plans. 
Daybreak 

Singles and young couples have already responded with enthusiasm to these homes found in Emerald Valley. 
The Daybreak Series includes all the lux­ uries you want, such as carpeting, fireplaces, cathedral ceilings and sunken areas. Effi­ cient utilization of space and maximal use of windows magnify the square footage. Day­ break homes are priced from $29,85o to 
$32,55o. 

Homeowners in Emerald Valley also have the benefits of a community clubhouse with swimming pool as well as tennis and basket­ ball courts. 
The Sunburst series found in Forrest Glen offers new homes in an established neigh­ borhood. Prices range from $34,ooo to $39,1oo for three- and four-bedroom homes. 
The finest carpeting, fireplaces, cathedral ceilings, sunken living areas and indoor uti­ lity rooms are among the luxuries you'll find here. 
Forrest Glen has its own community club­ house and swimming pool for homeow ners. 
Silver Creek in The Great Northwest is where you’ll discover the Moonwind Series. 
These are truly elegant homes, ranging from $39,5oo to $49,1oo. Distinctive exterior designs blend in harmony with the exquisite natural environment of Silver Creek. 
All of the luxury and convenience vou’d 

WINDSOR HOMES to present dynamic new housing series 

 expect, plus a community club with swim­ ming, basketball and tennis, will add to your enjoyment of a Moonwind Series home. , . 
All three great communities are served by the excellent Northside District schools. No city taxes in these areas means a lower 

 monthly payment payment. 
Whatever your lifestyle. Windsor JJoiw s has the home for you. See the new furnished models today from IO a.m. until dark. Just drive north of N AV. Loop 41o on Culebra Road and follow the signs. 

CLASSIFIED DISPLAY 
CLASSIFIED DISPLAY 
CLASSIFIED DISPLAY 
CLASSIFIED DISPLAY 
CLXSSWE6 blSH AY 
CLASSIFIED DISPLAY 
CLASSIFIED DISPLA r xofrxfcoR homes 

B U I L D I N G C R E A T I V E L Y 

F O R Y O U 

SURROUNDING YOU WITH QUALITY 

Windsor Homes introduces three new series of homes, each designed with a particular budget in mind! 

All Windsor homes include the highest 

 standards of quality, the latest energy- 

 saving features and innovative designs. 
Now everyone can afford the luxury and 

 prestige of a new home! 
See the new fur­ nished models in each of these fine communities. 

•Northside Schools 

•Community Clubs 

•No City Taxes 

Custom Built Homes by 

Open Monday 
♦bro Saturday 
1o to 6 and 
Sundays from I to 6 
Smith’s 
BETTER BUILT HOMES 

Phone 492-1o76 res. 492-1723 

Lu] wCioDs of Shavano 

Custom Built Homes by 

BUILDER 

Office 341-3339 mobile 228-91 I 8 res.: 736-o232 

 consTRucnon co. 

PAGE 18-W 

CLASSIFIED CUSP1 * Y 
CLASSIFIED D IS PLAY 
CLASSIFIED DISPLAY 
CLASSIFIED DISPLAY 
CLASSIFIED DISPLAY 
CLASSIFIED DISPLAY 
CLASSIFIED DISPLAY 

Woods of Shavano 

143o7 
PARKSiTE 
WOODS 

This gracious 2 story home is a 4 bedroom 2 bath energy saving home. The living area is spacious with a Paver tile floor. The dining room has a decorator mirrored wall. The kitchen is large and next to the utility room for convenience. There is a 2 car paneled garage with acoustical ceiling that creates additional playroom or workshop. There is a patio off the living room and a cedar deck off the master bedroom. Nearing completion choose your own interior & kitchen appliances. 

€ 

139o6 
GOLDEN 
WOODS 

A courtyard, a huge round kitchen, and a living area that is open to the se­ cond story make this home a castle, a 4 bedroom, 2 bath energy saving home with convenience in mind. The master bedroom has 2 dressing areas and a large walk-in closet and a sitting room close by. The 2 car garage is also room finished. Nearing completion, be your own decorator. 

For more information on special designs for these or other homes in our or your location I would be glad to meet with you at convenience. 

Woods of Shavano features 2 builders 

FURNISHED 
MODEL 
HOME 

3 bedroom, 2 bath, MODEL HOME, with an activity room that doubles as a guest room. The master bedroom provides elegance with a sitting area, private garden and large dressing, bath, and closet space. The living area is large with a sloped ceiling and an inviting fireplace. There is formal dining and a breakfast nook off a spacious kitchen. The two car garage has a large storage area and practical utility room. 

46o6 
P1NECOMB 
WOODS 

Built in book shelves, fireplace, a large game room, and open formal dining are inovations that are characteristic of the styling that this California design evokes. There are 2 bedrooms upstairs with the game room between, and a guest bedroom and the master bedroom (with attaching closet, dressing, and bath) downstairs. 

Smith homes are built from quality materials under the highest energy saving specifications. 

Two leading builders in the Woods of Sha­ vano will be featuring fine new homes this weekend. 
The northwestern Bexar County is an ex­ cellent setting for the homes shown by 
Efraim .Ioffe. Builder and Smith’s Better- 
Built Homes. 
Reputations 

Each builder has a fine reputation for building custom quality neighborhoods in prestige locations. In fact, all homes they’ve built have increased, if not more than dou­ bled. in value through the years. 
Their innovative, creative homes in the 
Woods of Shavano will be no exceptions to the long-standing rule of increasing values. 
Furthermore, the Woods of Shavano pro­ vides the perfect neighborhood for these homes. It is one of pure prestige, rusticity 

 and great convenience. 
The Woods of Shavano is situated in a choice location once a major portion of the historical Shavano Ranch. Much of the ori­ ginal charm of the heavily wooded area has been retained by the Woods of Shavano de­ velopers. Flaker Hughes & Smith. 
The native oaks still stand; that is. enough of them to enhance the homesites for the handsomely rugged exteriors of the luxurious houses the two veteran builders are ready to display. 
Despite all the serenity so carefully pre­ served by the builders here. Woods of Sha­ vano also is a location of astounding conven­ ience because of its nearness to so many ma­ jor points of destination. 
Woods of Shavano is handily placed just east of NAV. Iii IO and off De Zavala Road. 
That puts it close to major medical facilities auth as the South Texas Medical Center, Ve­ 

WOODS OF SHAVANO clubhouse for residents’ enjoyment 

 terans Admnistration Hospital and Methodist 
Hospital; large employment centers like the headquarters of USAA; popular shopping fa­ cilities, including Wonderland Shopping City, 
Colonies North Mall, North Star Mall and 
Central Park Mall; preferred Norhside Dis­ trict schools, with Locke Hill Elementary 
School right across the street; and many en­ tertainment sites. 

As amenities for the exclusive enjoyment of the Woods of Shavano residents, a swim club and tennis courts are within the community set in the colorful beginnings of the scenic 
Hill Country. 
Woods of Shavano is reached most easily by exiting from NAV. IU IO onto De Zavala Road, proceeding east and noting the entranceway sign. 

Styleliner building in University Oaks 

PAGE 19-W 

Styleliner Homes by Carl E. Niemeyer is introducing its most recent series of luxur­ ious yet affordable housing in the prestigious, tree-filled University Oaks community. 
It is here that Niemeyer can claim to offer the "total” home for even less than $45,ooo! 
S ty lelin er H om es is o ffering ap acio u s three-bedroom , two-bath homes which fea­ ture large family - living areas with adjoining dining rooms. 
"E xtras” in this series of new homes are ample enough to make the houses so "total” that all you would need are your furnishings to move in. 
These homes also include a com plete en­ ergy-aa ving package with a Vent - A - Mat ic attic fan plus TotalYVall insulation in walls and attics. 
Kitchens in this series of new houses are a hom em aker’s delight. They come equipped with the m ost m odern conveniences: dish­ washer, disposer, outside-vented range and continuous cleaning oven. 
There’s more frill to thrill those looking for a new home in an affordable price range. The 
"total” home also has central air and heat, wall-to-wall carpeting, breakfast room by 

CLASSIFIED DISPLAY 

 kitchen, fully finished garage and a large outdoor patio. 
All come together in this exciting, innova­ tive series placed in a price range starting as low as $4o,ooo! 
What’s more? University Oaks itself is a neighborhood where custom built quality is expected. 
Situated in the actual foothills of the Hill 
Country, the com m unity is nam ed for its nearness to the University of Texas at San 
Antonio cam pus and its native oaks. It also is near M VV. Ill IO. NAV. Loop 41o, USAA, South 
Texas Medical Center and other major medi­ cal facilities in northwestern San Antonio. 
University Oaks is so near all these con­ veniences yet actually removed from any city limits. It is within the preferred North- side School D istrict and alm ost across the street from Locke Hill Elementary. 

The neighborhood residents enjoy exclusive use of a recreational facility and swimming pool, each within tho community. 

The “ to ta l” hom e is m odeled at 4931 
Brandies in University Oaks. It is marketed by Red Carpet Realtors. 

' --V ;■ ^ 
• ; 
-A-3"'S'- 
' 
*" 
' 
~ ’ * ' 

STYLELINER HOM ES features new hom es in University O aks 

CLASSIFIED DISPLAY tlA S S IF ilD D IS M A Y 

NOW IS THE TIME 
TO BUY A NEW HOME 

Ci a SSI! IID d i s p l a y 
CLASSIFIED DISPLAY 
CLASSIFIED DISPLAY 
CLASSIFIED DtSPtA Y 

P R E S E N 
T I N 
G 

T 
H 
E 
* 
4 
o 
, 
o 
o 
o 

T 
O 
T 
A 
L 
H 
O 
M 
E 

First, Styleliner Homes by Carl Niemeyer, brought back the spacious, beau­ tiful, single-family homes af prices starting under 
$45,ooo for custom built quality. (And that's for a big 
3 bedroom with 
2 baths!) 
And now we've equipped our hill-country community homes with a whole raft of 
"extras”. To make your home so complete that all you need are the furnish­ ings and you're ready to move in. 
Our 
Styleliner 
"total” 
Homes come already equip­ 

 flf»:t I llr a m lo is — 

 ped with the most modern conveniences. Dishwasher, disposal, an outside-vented hood & a 3o” Slide in range. 
And then there’s our money saving 
"Energy 
Package”. You get a vent-a- matie attic fan. 
"R-22” attic insulation. And "RH” wall insulation, to keep the heat out during these long 

 summer months. Ail to save on your fuel bill, now and in the future. 
Is that all? Of Course not. Your Styleliner "total” 
Home also has central air and heat. 
Wail to wall carpeting. A large kitchen. 
A fully finished garage. A family room with fireplace. 
A dining room. Plus a large outdoor patio. 

Come out this weekend and see the Styleliner 
"total” Home for yourself at 4931 
Brandies in the 
L lovely hill country community of University Oaks. 
University Oaks is located 

 p O 
- 

LIVING f AMW 

O th e r H o m e s U n d e r 
C onstruction 
I I O I O S y ra c u s e 
I IO l f S y ra e u M k 
I I O I it S y r a e u s e 
I HOO VYin lh r a p 
1 8 o 2 W in th ro p 

 just northwest of San An­ tonio and only minutes from downtown. 
Served by the Northsidc 
School District. Close lo shopping centers. 
And complete with swim and recreation center. 
The Styleliner 
"total” Home, 

’ KITCHIN I 
TJA 

 as?? 

— n 

STYLELINER HOMES by 
C a rl N ie m e ye r 

RID Carpet, 
SUBDIVISION BY 
BAKEIt-IIUOIIES & SMITH 

A uniuer sit v oohs 

 by Carl 
Niemeyer, marketed by 
Red Carpet 
Realtors af 
342-3111. For more information call 342-32o5. 

342-3111 
342-32o5 

PAGE 2o-W 
Wood North new models 

M EA D O W W O O D NORTH m odel joined b y tw o others in a re a 

Meadow opens 2 

Rustic and earthy materials; innovative design; and unique, striking accents throughout the two models by Coates Deve­ lopment Co. are generating an unusual amount of excitement in Meadow Wood 
North. 
Bey ond the ceramic tile entry is an uncon­ ventional dining room that invites the out­ doors in. On one wall is a mural of an outdoor scene framed in rough cedar, while another hosts a large picture w indow . 
Living area 

The expansiveness of the living area is en­ hanced by its towering cathedral ceiling. 
Highlights here include the fireplace, wet bar and sliding glass doors opening to the patio. 
Marshmellow-chocolate carpeting and 
Monterrey-textured walls throughout contri­ bute to the natural theme. 

CLASSIFIED O W C A T 
CLASSIER) PtSALAT 

A huge picture window enlightens the breakfast room. Adjacent is the modern kit­ chen with range, decorator hood, dishwasher and disposer. Butcher block countertops, a pantry and beautiful cabinets provide plenty of usable space. A unique treatment here is the wallpapered ceiling. 
The master suite is accented with a giant wood-framed m irror behind the king-size bed. Its private bath includes a marbletop vanity, and there’s a walk-in closet large enough to be another room. 
A second bedroom features one wall of graphics and another wall of closet. Central air and heat and a two-car garage are also included. 
This is just one of the dramatic new models now open in Meadow Wood North. See them today from I p.m. until duok. 
Meadow Wood North is the perfect location 

CLASSIFIED D ISM A Y 

 for new homes emphasizing the natural. It’s practically next door to McAllister Park, a 
'game preserve with hike and bike trails, as well as camping and picnic facilities. 

Excellent North East District schools serve the area. Shopping centers nearby provide every convenience. The North Expressway. 

"CLASSIFIED CM SF LAY~~ 

 soon to be completed, will be only 2 miles away. 
Visit Meadow Wood North today. New homes by Coates Development Co. are priced from $34,ooo to $4o,95o. Drive north on San 
Pedro Avenue to Bitters Road and turn right. 
Turn left on Jones-Maltsberger Road and proceed to Meadow Wood North. 

CLASSIFIED O ttfLA T 
CLASSIFIED PISULA T 
CLASSIFIED PISULA T 

Iii the 
Midst of* tlie Woods 

MEADOW WOOD NORTH 

(■ram! 4 lf seating of* Two 
IVcw Furnished Model* 

/ 

- ' ' s ' ^ 

" > - 
* * 
* 
* 

Dramatic use of native woods and natural fibers brings the Woods indoors. 
A forest scene mural, huge picture windows, a cathedral ceiling, a fire­ place and natural-framed mirrors . .. these are just some of the exciting elements you'll discover in the new furnished models at Meadow Wood North. 
N E X T DOOR to the WOODS of McAllister 
Park, where San Antonians convene on weekends for outdoor recreation. 
Less than 5 minutes to major shopping centers, and, when completed, a short 2V2 miles to the 
North Expressway. 

NORTH EAST SCHOOLS 
NO CITY TAXES 
NEW HOMES FROM $34,ooo. 

494-6163 

Lo op 16o4 

COATES DEVELOPM ENT CO. 

BROADWAY NATIONAL BANK, 1177 N.E. Loop 41o 

2 m ajor changes made at Broadway Bank 

GERGORY W. CRANE 

W ILLIAM A. BRO W N 

Charles E. Cheever Jr., president of 
Broadway National Bank, has an­ nounced major management changes at the bank effective this month. 
Gregory W. Crane, senior vice pre­ sident of its Mortgage Banking D i­ vision, has been designated executive vice president of the bank and w ill assume the responsibility for all gen­ eral banking operational and adminis­ trative areas. 
Successor 
Simultaneously, Cheever announced the election of W illiam A. Brown as senior vice president and manager of the Mortgage Banking Di\ ision to suc­ ceed Crane. 
Crane joined the bank in 1965 as a mortgage lending officer and has been responsible for the development of the 
Mortgage Banking Division since that time. Broadway National Bank’s 
Mortgage Banking Division sells and services real estate loans for institu­ tional investors nationwide. In a recent compilation of commercial banks per­ forming the mortgage servicing func­ tion, it stood 58th in the U. S., with a servicing portfolio over $6o million. 
Brown has been in the mortgage banking business in Los Angeles since 
1947, where he has been associated with Ralph C. Sutro Co., holding many positions in the company from con­ struction inspector to, more recently, president. Sutro is the 47th largest mortgage banking concern in the U. S. and services over $8oo million for more than IOO institutional investors. 
Brown’s family w ill soon be joining him in San Antonio. 
“ We are most delighted with these management changes,” said Cheever. 
“ Mr. Crane has done an outstanding job in developing the leading bank mortgage banking operation in the city of San Antonio and, perhaps, the state. 
This is an excellent opportunity for him to employ his many talents in the general banking field and bring, lo the whole bank, his expertise and leader­ ship. M r. Brown has a very broad background in the mortgage banking field, and it is the intention of the bank to further expand its activities in this areas as a result of his association with the bank.” 
Broadway National Bank, N.E. Loop 
41o at Nacogdoches Road, had year-end deposits of $131.8 million, It has one affiliate, Eisenhower National Bank at 
Fort Sam Houston. 

 have way with homes 

TheB roadway! 
Broadway National Bank 

Loop 41o at Nacogdoches/512-824-o444/Member FD!C 

PAGE 21-W 

CLASSIFIED DISPLAY 
________________ CLASSIFIED DISPLAY 
CLASSIFIED DISPLAY___________________CLASSIFIED DISPLAY 

' 

' 

-^Version of the 

Parade of Homes 

 promises to be the most exciting ever by featuring three solar homes of the future, according to Wayne Jaroszewski, parade chairman for the Greater San Antonio Builders Association. 
“ The three homes are being built by San Antonio Ranch in conjunction with a grant they received from the Energy Research and 
Development Agency (ERDA)/' Jaroszewski revealed. 
“ The government has agreed to use the grant to f reimburse the eventual purchaser of each 
J I solar home in the amount of $25,ooo." 
| 
\ 
‘N o t th a t com plicated’ 
I 
The actual workings of a solar- 
V . 
- to powered heating and cooling unit 
^ V \ j F 
I are no* ^ at complicated, as 
\ 
J 
Jaroszewski explained. j 
^ i i 
J 
“ Solar panels with copper tubing 
I f 
B are placed on key areas of the 
■v 
V 
I house. The water running through 
I the copper tubing is super-heated by the rays of the 
\ sun and then is stored in a water collection container. 
\ 
In the Winter, the heated water is used to warm the house, and, in the Summern a heat pump is employed ai to convert the heated water so it can be used to air condition. In essence, heater 
-— ^ water is used to both heat 
| and cool the home within 
^ the same system. rn 
“ The builders 
| | V of these solar 
J 
\ homes worked f 
J closely with 

 engineers 
# 
^ 
J from 
/ 
P 
7 
Honeywell 
V 
Corp. in the 
\ 
I initial designing stage. 
\ ^ 
J 
The engineers from 
I 
I 
Honeywell fed a computer 
I I ■ 
* information about the average number of sunny days in San Antonio, the rn 
~m h_ exact square footage of each home and its particular heating and cooling requiremenets. 
“ After all this information ws tabluatedn the computer told the engineers exactly how many panels are required and where they should be located. With a solar heating and cooling system such as this on, utility bills will be cut to almost nothing. my, 
“ Incidentally, all the solar homes are even equipped with a conventional electric system as a back-up,” Jaroszewski added. 
In addition to the 16 featured 
J homes, the 1977 Parade of 
Homes will have many rn other attractions. Its theme will be “ A Day in the Country.” f 
“ This year’s parade 
F will also have a Home 
J? 
I i Jk 
Products Show i f A 
J J spotlighting the lastest 
*w 
J innovations in carefree 
^ 

Schaefer homes can be seen this weekend in Northern Hills, a community off Thousand 
Oaks Drive and Nacogdoches Road north of N.E. Loop 41o; Devonshire, a neighbor­ hood near the intersection of Bitters and 
Jones-Maltsberger Roads north of N .W . 
Loop 41o; and Lakeside, an amenity-load­ ed residential area east of S.E. Loop 4 1o via U.S. Hwy. 87. 
RELATED STO** ON PAGE 5 

Schaefer is a building firm that presents new homes of great distinction in three prestigious areas around San Antonio. 
Pictured above is one of the firm's more modern stylings which typifies the kind of quality that underlies each Schaefer home. 
This particular model features four be­ drooms, including a master suite separated from the other three, and a loft upstairs. 
New book tells how to know true values 

CLASSIFIED DISPLAY t t l B f f n o d is p l a y 

A Community of Elegant 
Homes. 

7611 SUSAN ELAINE 

3 b e d ro o m , 
2 Vt b a th , 
C alifo rn ia sty le d house, w ith 
1 4 x 1 9 , re c re a tio n ro o m , c o ve re d pa tio , w e t b a r, p o w d e r ro o m , la rg e kitchen w ith a b re a k fa s t b a r 
J ■ in th e m id d le, 
~ 
?J| I y»Bc and f i r e p l a c e ^ ( g | < 
M 
- 
$ 5 8 ,2 2 5 . s mm-------------------« 

/ 4 o Custom f 
/H u m e Designs 
\ 
/ Priced From $48,ooo > \ ti to $43,ooo 
\ / 

 living,” Jaroszewski stated. “ The show will be housed in a giant tent where 68 exhibits will be available for public inspection. Also, a unique pedestrian overpass will be built to carry spectators from the lighted parking area to the 
Parade of Homes site.” 
The site for the 1977 Parade of Homes, to be held June 25 through July 4, will be at San 
Antonio Ranch, eight miles northwest of N.W. 
Loop 4 1o on Bandera Road. The site, according to Jaroszewski, is perched atop a large Hill 
Country summit allowing a car view of downtown San Antonio. 
S 

Can be better 
When you’re ready to replace that 5o-year old boiler and the lower bidder is offering a sm aller boiler, he may be doing you an important favor. 
When a boiler is sized accurately for the house, it will consum e less fuel than one which is grossly oversized. 
But is that little boiler big enough? Ask to see the low bidder’s “ heat loss” calculations, suggest the 
Better Heating-Cooling Council. If he has figured it accurately, he will be glad to explain them to you. 
Then you can judge for yourself if the size he recom m ends will satisfy the heat loss, saving yourself money both during installation and opera­ tion. 

P m 22-W 

CLASSIFIED DISPLAY 
CLASSIFIED DISPLAY 
CLASSIFIED DISPLAY i i 

BATH 

MASTER 
" 
BEDRM. n 

PORCH 

 called ‘last’ 

Justly called “ the last of the great locations,” 
T h u n d e rb ird 
E s t a te s , even an e sta b lish e d n eighborhood in the northwestern quadrant of 
San Antonio proper, still o ffe rs new h o m es at prices today’s family can afford without m aking great sacrifices. 
As well, these homes, three- and four-bedroom in design, are ready for their im m e d ia te o c cu ­ pancy. They ra n g e in p rice from a s low a s 
$33,65o upw ard to only 
$36,ooo. Interest rates of 8 per cent are offered on 
VA and FUA financing terms. Conventional fin­ ancing is available, too. 
6oo6 White C lo u d 
An example of Thun­ derbird E sta te s homes, soundly built by veteran craftsman II. P. Orts, is. at 6oo6 White Cloud. 
T y p ify in g the 
O rts home in many ways, this a d d r e s s fe a tu r e s a paneled den, formal din­ ing ro om , walk-in clo ­ se ts, fin ish ed tw o-car g a ra g e , C arrier central heat and air condition­ 

 ing, rear patio and Fri- gidaire appliances in the kitchen. 
L o cated well within 
Loop 41o, T h underbird 
E s ta te s is bordered by well known th o ro u g h ­ fares: Ingram, Callaghan and 
B a n d e ra 
R o a d s. 
They yield easy access to the Southwest Research 
In stitu te , South T e x a s 
M edical Center, R oger 
Executive Center, Meth­ odist and V eterans Ad­ m in istration h o sp itals, 
Kelly and 
L a ck la n d 
A F B s , a m ultitude of sh o p p in g ce n te rs, r e s ­ tau ran ts and entertain­ m ent sp o ts and other major destination points. 

The neighborhood is within the p re fe rre d 
N o rth sid e School D is ­ trict, and all levels of education are nearby. 
The exclusive m arket­ ing agent for Orts homes in Thunderbird E sta te s is C orn eliu s & A s s o ­ ciates, Real Estate. The firm ’s owner, Walt Cor­ n eliu s, invites other b ro k e rs to p ar tic ip a te and cooperate in sales in this area. 

Your 

^ P P I ll 
Best 
”lt\/ 
O c L U I is a ny 

NEW 
HOME 

 sst..Here’s the pla 

A Ewjal f e ut r 

3o,95o 

$314.o5 PAYMENT BASED O N 8 % V.A. 

1oo% masonry, Carpeting throughout, Fireplace, 
Vaulted ceiling in family room, boxed plant windows in dining room, room finished garage, deluxe built-in appli­ ances, continuous cleaning range with black glass door, large wooded backyard with patio. 
$31,95o 

$324.1 8 PAYMENT BASED O N 8 % V.A. 

KITCHEN 
DINING ran 

S T O » p “ 
“ 
J " 

 m a s t e r 
BEDRM. 

LIVING RM 

BATH 2 

BEDRM. » 3 
BEDRM. * 2 

PORCH 

D IN IN G 

BATH-21 
I U VING RO O M 

HAU. 
Clos 

STORAGE 
BEDRM .« 2 

BEDRM 

 g a r a g e 

6114 Upwood 
6122 Upwood 

GARAGE 

613o Upwood 

Open Sat. & Sun. 
11 to 7 or call for an appointment 
Wooded hilltop views of the San Antonio skyline. Within walking distance to 3 schools. 
Northside school district. Convenient to shopping centers. 

$ I tola! move-in 
Only $ 1,5oo ta $ 1,6oo total on low 8% VA financing move incost on Conventional 

O ther plans available. 

PHONE: 

681-3o72 
658-4388 
-J¥ 
MAGIC CHEF 

PAGE 23-W 

For an expansive variety of new decorative effects, PPG Industries Inc. has introduced 
96 new colors of Rez stain for exterior and interior wood surfaces. The firm also has consolidated separate wood stain products into the new Rez system to aid consumers in stain selection. Consumers can now choose from a broad base of wood, earth and other stain tones available in latex or oil base and in solid, semi-transparent and wiping stains. 
T-Bird site 

Regal builds in Alamo Hills 

Regal Homes by Wayne 
Arnold, a builder new to 
San Antonio, will be showing houses this wee­ kend in Alamo Hills. 
Regal Homes is intro­ ducing the new homes on a wooded cul-de-sac with a skylin e view of San 
Antonio. They are in a price range definitely the most afford able today, even in the low $3os, but fe a tu re o u tsta n d in g item s n orm ally never seen in this category. 

15 years 

Arnold is b eg in n in g 
R egal H om es with a combined experience of 
15 years in the building business. He has founded the firm on the belief that the home buyer knows what he is looking for and is fully able to recognize true value. 
Included in his firm 's introductory se rie s are features as fine as com ­ plete a p p lia n c e p a c k ­ ages, country kitchens, three or four bedrooms, marble-topped vanities, e y e b a ll-a rea lig h ts, boxed garden windows in dining a r e a s , p atio s, sidewalks, central heat 

CLASSIFIED D ISM A Y 

REGAL HOMES provides affordable housing in recent A lam o Hills 

CLASSIFIED DISMAY 
CLASSIFIED D ISM A Y 
Garden " " 
Ttidge' 

 in a Country 
Community 

From 

$5 5,ooo 
651-6237 

 v 
Ladsftaw 
Development Co., Int^ 

 and air, carpeting throughout and, by buyers’ choices, selection of w a llc o v e rin g s and carpet. 
A lam o 
H ills itse lf boasts an excellent, gas- sa v in g location in the near northwestern pocket of San Antonio, even within Loop 41o. That puts it close to a number of m ajo r thoroughfares leading to many m ajor destination points. 
R e gal H om es o ffers ge n e ro u s t e r m s on its new homes, too. Financ­ ing in clu d e s a total move-in cost of only $1 on 

CLASSIFIED DISMAY 

VA financing with an an­ nual interest rate of only 
8 per cent. Conventional financing terms allow a total move-in cost from as low as $1,5oo to only 
$1,6oo. 
Open House hours on w eeken ds a rc from ll a.m. to 7 p.m. 
Alamo Hills is reached m ost ea sily by exiting from NAV. Loop 41o onto 
In gram R oad, d riv in g inside the Loop to Oakhill 
Drive, turning right onto 
Oakhill to get to Pancho 
Villa, where a turn left leads to Daniel Cloud and 
Upwood. 

CLASSIFIED DISMAY 

COMBINATION 

M I C R O W A V E A N D 
C O N V E N T I O N A L AT 
THE S A M E TIME 

M I C R O W A V E O N L Y 

C O N V E N T I O N A L O N L Y 

V' 

MICROW AVE 

OVEN 

May Allison 
Homes Fg 

OVEN 

For selecting Litton eye le ve l d o u b le 

 oven a n d co m b in a tio n m icro w a ve 

 ran g es fo r inclusion in m ost o f their 

 new hom es. R a y Ellison ’s hom e b u ild in g achievem ents continue to 

 p ro vid e , as a lw a y s, the very la te st a n d 

 m ost m e a n in g fu l fea tu re s to b e fo u n d 

 in a n y new S a n A n to n io hom e. 

 microwave 

No. I in features auld Value... 

CLASSIFIED DISPLAY 
CLASSIFIED DISPLAY 
CLASSIFIED DISPLAY__________________ CLASSIFIED DISPLAY__________________ CLASSIFIED DISPLAY_________________ CLASSIFIED DISPLAY^ 

CONVENTIONAL 

SELF CLEANING 

An Advertising Supplement to the SAN ANTONIO EXPRESS-NEWS, Sunday, April 17,1977 
SALE ENDS WEDNESDAY 

37% off. 
Wards 1o-pound box of detergent. 
288 

Reg. 4.59 

Low-ph< tsp ha Ie for­ mula with Perbrite for clean washes. 
O ur ‘‘No p h o sp h ate” w here required. 

Save 29% 
Soft tube socks for big boys. 
77« 
“ 
W 
DAI 

Queen, reg. 5.99, 2 for $9 
King. reg. 7.99, 2 for $12 

Dacron" polyester standard pillow. 
Misses’ no-iron print snapcoats 

Reg. 4.99 each. 
Lt blue cotton/ polyester cover, corded edges. 

Reg. 1.o9 pair. 
Choice of numeral, white, striped. Stur­ dy cotton/nylon.9-12. 

Reg. $6 
Pretty trims, colors. 
Machine-wash poly- ester/cotton. 1o-2o 

LIMITED TIME 
Look inside for more savings, Special Buys, values at our regular low prices. Select items on sale till end of month. Som e quantities limited. 

Save $6. Our huge cushiony bean bag. 
Polystyrene O I 8 £ bean fill. vinyl cover Zipper. 

Big buy on Wards 
1ow4o oil—-1-qt can. 
Fast starts in 
Jk winter; protec- lion rn summer 
£|e?nce. 
Limit 24. 

Save 5o% . 5-bushel plastic pick-up bags. 

Bags fit 33-gal cans. For yaixl clean up. 15 ct. 

FOR SIMPLIFIED SHOPPING JUST SAY “CHARGE IT!" WITH YOUR WARDS CH ARG-ALL 
Looking for value? Find it here. 
San Antonio, Texas 
Wonderland Mall 
Fredericksburg Road at Hillcrest 

McCreless Mall 
South New Braunfels at Southcross 

Windsor Park Mall 
I. H. 35 N. at Walzem 
Road 

I 
[ r e r o l l 

1W 

31 to 37% off. 
Save on sbort-alls for all the kids. 

Toddler*’, 
2-4. 

Girl*’, 
4-6X. 

2 99 
44 

Reg. 
4.99 
Machine-wash poly­ ester/cotton (Treat for summer play. 

For boys’ 3-7. 
Cotton/ polyester den­ im. Machine wash. 
Reg. 4.99..........344 

O th e r m e * , co lo rs available in m o st sto res. 
Special buy. Sew print, solid percale. 

Easy-care cot- 
BfK ton for fashion a 1 1 1 t or decor. 35/36". 
. 

Save *2. Mens cotton duck loungers 

Slip-on or tie o 9 7 for cool comfort. 
Rublx-r soles. 
„ 
. qq 

Women’s denim scuffs 

Cotton, crepe rubber sole. 
One pair....3.97 

SOQ 

Save *1o. Roomy bathroom space-saver. 
Mirmr-door ails d |R 5 met. Poles ex- tend TH -HH 
Reg 24 99 

U n a ssem b led . 

29% Off. 3>/2-qt crockery slow-cooker. 

Seals in flavor, o88 nutrients. Wont scorch or burn. 
Reg. 13.99 

Save *5. Wards 
8oow* styler/dryer. 
2 speeds for ~W rn styling, drying. I i i 
5 attachments. 
Reg ,5£ 

*mfr's rn Uh I u'attage. 
' “ii f - - -i xx' Ti nmr— 

Save *6. Heavy duty steel shelving. 

Reinforced. Ad- I j justahle shelves 
I fc A 
36x16x72"h. 
* * 
Reg. 21 
Unassembled.____________ 

Save 35%. Wards leather fielder’s glove 

Steer hide glove. "I 
J I* 
Cowhide lining. I rawhide lacings. ^ " ■ I 99 

Save 14%. Plain 
12"-square mirror tile 
Easy to install yourself. WTth mounting tape. 
R 

Save*iz. Smoke alert protects home. 
Sensitive 9-volt •27 unit lit* stall is 11 v et BS m m 

 mm 

 iii'- 

Compare. Vivid 
Kodacolor" II film. 
Chi Kist* 126 or 
P f i 
HO 12-exposutv 
M color print film V ,. • “eh 

Save 38%. Handy 
39-dwr parts cabinet. 

Steel cabinet. 
3 drawer sizes. 
12x6x18'4* high. 
Reg 15.99 

Save 312 to 612 

Coordinated dream wear in shiny, luxurious nylon. 
688 to 1988 
Regularly $1o to $26 

Flow ing nylon tricot with a shim mery glow. Each style is embellished with precious de­ tails and laden with lace. In icy w hite and hot pink. S,M,L. 
Shorty only is also in X-small. 
Shorty. Keg. $11 ....................... 7.88 
Piegnoir. Reg. $ 2 8 ..................19.88 
Waltz gown. Reg. $ 1 o .............6.88 
Long gown. Keg. $11............... 7.88 

For fun in the sun, our green and white playmates. Winners all! 

The fashion game played with seven easy pieces. A mix ’n’ match batch of all the sun-time looks you love. A color smash of fresh green and bright white. And, to double the fun, everything’s in carefree polyester doubleknit. Scoop em up, just in time for summer. Misses' sizes 1o-18. 
Shirtjaeket, white Keg. $ 8 ...........................................5.8 
Lank top, zingy stripes Keg. $5.................................. 2.8 
Pants, green or white pull-ons Keg. $8.................... 4.8 
Shirt, w hite, striped trim Keg. $ 8 ...............................4.8 
Shorts-skirt, green or whit*; Reg. $ 7 .........................4.8 
T-shirt, green or white Keg. $ 8 .....................................5.8 
.Jamaica shorts, white Keg. $ 8 ...................................5.8 
Sportsw ear Department 

All LeGant diamonds, 
D ashing canvas 
* bags,super priced 

Engagement rings, cocktail and men’s rin g s, p e n d a n ts and more. Conven­ ient layaway plan. 
A vailable in store* with Fine Jew elry Dept. 

Jew elry enlarged to show detail. 

Fluid spring dress news for juniors, misses, half-sizes. 

Cape-collar fla tte re r rn in mint, aqua, peach 
I I polyester; 1o-18. One 
^ ^ from easy-care group. 
Reg. $17 
Dress Department 

Regularly $1o 
Cotton canvas. Great array of colors and styles. Vinyl-trimmed totes, b riefcases, hunting bigs, more. 

LIFETIME TRADE IN 
CERTIFICATE 

A t a n y tim e W o rd s w ill a p p ly tile put 

 th o s e p ric e (less to*) o f your L e G a n t’ 

 d ia m o n d to w a rd tile pu rchase o f a h ig h e r p r ic e d L e G a n t d ia m o n d 

This Trade-In C e rtific a te a p p lie s o n ly to d ia m o n d s in g o o d co n d itio n in the 

 o r ig in a l se ttin g w hen re tu rn e d w ith 

Die C e rtific a te 

Save 1o.12 
Seersucker is super in three- piece pantsuit or wardrober. 

Ladies' choice. Blazer/ pants/shirt trio or blazer/ pants/skirt in crisp polyester knit. Blue, pink, navy. 8-18. 
Reg. $4o 
('oat Department 

1/2 price sale of 
2-way shirts. 

Short sleeves. 
Regularly $9 

Solve your shirt wardrobe problems with the versatile shirt that’s tailored to go with a tie or without. Moderately tapered for a smooth, fla t­ tering fit; patterns woven of crisp polyester/cot­ ton; solids in all polyester knit. Long point fash­ ion collar, short sleeves. Men’s sizes 14‘4» to 17. 
Long sleeve shirts, regularly $1o..........................$5 

■ 
■ 
H 
H 

Tank tops. 
Jean shorts. 

T ops. Boys’ M, L Keg. 1.99; toddlers’ 2-4, 
Reg. 1.99: all cotton/polyester. G irls’ S, M, 
L, special buy: in polyester/cotton. 
Shorts. G irls’ 3-6X, boys’ 3-7 regular, slim, reg. 3.49. Contrast stitching and patch pockets. No-iron polyester/cotton. 

Toddlers' 2-4 sh orts, reg. 2.99 .............................2.22 
Save $25 
Vested sport suits for men. Fresh, new look in spring-right casuals. 

Save 4.o2 

Pro Skips* for men, women, boys 

H ere’s style with stam ina. 
Contrast vinyl checks and suede accent rugged nylon shoe. Rubber tread soles. 
Reg. 1o.99 
Save 2.o2.G irls\ child’s S k ip s". 
Regularly 7.99..................... 5.97 

4 9 8 8 

J I 
Regul 
Regularly $75 

Very snappy gingham checked vests enhance 
Wards poplin weave suits. Sm ash look with or without a necktie. Pick tan, blue or rust with white top stitching. Finely tailored in crisp, neat cotton/polyester. Regulars, longs 38-44. 

ENJOY WHAT YOU NEED NOW 
WITH CHARG-ALL CREDIT 

M O N T G O M E R Y reman 
3P 

S 

*12o off. 
Warm, pecan-finished 4-pc bedroom. 
579s® 

Full/queen headboard, triple dresser, mirror and armoire. 
Rich pecan graining on wood products and simulated wood. 
Nightstand, reg. 1o9.99, 99.88 
49.99 Lantern lamp, 39.99 
Regularly 699.99 

Save$1oo 

WHY WAIT FOR HOME FURNISHINGS? USE CHARG-ALL 

A distinctive sofa for your room. 
9QQ88 

 each 

® Early American charmer. 
Ever-new nylon with dark, pine-Finish hardwood trim. Seat cushions reverse. 
Attractive contrasting welting. 85" L. 
Loveseat, regularly 319.99.............. 269.88 
C hair, regularly 229.99 ....................199.88 rd Classic in a muted print. 

Sm art, simple lines in soil-resistant 
Herculon* fabric. Button-tufled, with contrasting welt detailing. 85Vi" L. 
Loveseat, regularly 319.99.............. 259.88 
Chair, regularly 229.99 ....................179.88 
© Contemporary in a bold mood. 
Sweeping lines highlighted by nylon velvet in striking print. Seat cushions reverse for double wear. 88" L. 
Loveseat, regularly 319.99.............. 269.88 
Chair, regularly 229.99 ....................179.88 

$5o off. Cadet storage bed in maple or pine finish. 

Wtxxl and wood prod- 1/1o88 ucts. With posture board. Unassembled. 
Regularly 199.99 

*5o off. 5-pc colonial dinette set in maple finish. 
Hardwood. 36"table has 12" leaf. Plastic laminate table top. 
Regularly 2o9.99 

4Z 

Fine imported china, 
4o-pc service for 8*. 

Unassembled. 

25% o f f • Select group of percale sheets and cases. 

No-iron Sanforized1^ cotton/polyes­ ter prints, solid colors, florals in all sizes. Flat or Fitted. 

Fast-load cartridge electric with power return. 

Portable model features a profession- 
Jk Q Q ally styled keyboard with a 12" car- 
J 
C /IO O riage; full-length tab, touch and copy m m " ■ J 1 controls, power back-space. Case. 
R„ 
. 
. 2fi4 
244.99 manual-return model, 214.88 
Kegularly 264.99 

$3o off. 

Fast, easy cartridge ribbon change. 

SfilVC 2o%* 3-piece 
California redwood BBQ. 

Weather-resistant. 
28x58" long table and t wo benches. 
Rgg 4QQQ 

*24 off. 

Richly lustrous, yet deli­ cate in its beauty. Enjoy the graceful charm of Fine china now and for many years to come. 
26.99 completer set, 21.99 
$3 crystal stemware, 2.25 ca. 
'4o-[K w rite includes 8 each: dinner plates, cups, saucers, salads, soups 

Lowest price this 

Lively colorfast patterns include an authentic, researched Indian design. 
Anti-static, anti-soil Anso* nylon level-loop construction for extra-long wear and easy maintenance. Soft foam back makes installation simple. 

$3 off. L ow est p rice th is year! 
"Symphony” sculptured saxony Ban- 
Lon ^-approved carpet of heavy nylon pile. Great durability and ease of care. Heat-set to retain its texture. 7 beautiful m ulti-tone colorations. 

$3off 

Nylport” in 16 patterns, colors. 

Reg. 12.99 

Save! $l-$3 on 12 more great styles. Here are just a few. 199 
B Reg 2.99 
•B b sq.yd. 

SA V E $1! H ugged indoor/outdoor carpet. 
Easy-care M arvess* olefin pile resists weath­ er. Easy to install and maintain. Ideal for porch, poolside, rec room. 5 colors. 

SA V E $3! Enjoy lovely, lu xu riou s ’’Soft Song.” 
Dense, textured nylon plush. 7 co lo rs 
Reg. 9.99 
SA V E $2! S cu lp tu red saxon y ’'C resto n ”, 6 colors. 
Nylon pile heat-set to retain its texture . . . . Reg. 9.99 
SA V E $3! B eautiful saxon y plush "D esire.” Ban- 
Lon “-approved carpet. IO colors.....................Reg. 11.99 

6 
7 
8 

9 9 
»q yd 
9 9 
*q.yd 
9 9 
»q yd 

We carry these and other famous fiber brands. 

MARVfSS OIE FIN omaha 
Miocfft* cu m t ‘ ou*OAf*o* 
»»Olin 
Soften every step. Use our 
OmalonH carpet cushion. 

2o% off. 
Heavy-duty 1/2-inch flat vinyl-slat porch roll-ups. 

Completely w eather-resistant— won’t rot or m ildew . S tro n g stitching and pull cord. 

Don’t see what you need? 
Call Wards for Custom Services: free estim ates on draperies, bedspreads, more. See phone number on front cover. 

25% off. 
Our entire stock of fine cookware* 

1 4 
9 
. 4 
4 
9 
9 

Reg. 1.99-59.99 

O ur com plim en ts to the chef! Stainless steel, alum i­ num, Teflon M ined, c a st­ iron, M agic-Kote*, Corning 
Ware" and more. Stop in today and enjoy terrific savin gs on cookware sets and open-stock pieces. 

' except T-Fal 

2o-25% savings. 

Ready-made, easy-care 
“ Ginna” draperies. 
o 
Reg. $14 
5ox63 pr. 

C otton /polyester fabric in a lovely jacquard weave. Acrylic foam backing. Machine washable, dryable--no ironing. Colors. 
5ox84 pr., reg. $15......................$12 
75x8-4 pr., reg. 28.5o..............22.8o 
1oox8-4 pr., reg. $37 ..............29.6o 
125x8-4 pr.. reg. 47.5o ..............$.38 
15ox84 pr., reg. $53, rum 42.4o 
M ade-to-length sizes .3O'< off. 
V alances at regu lar prices. 

*5 off. 
2 great hair dryers. 
® 9ooW* Ultra Brush. 
14?.?19.99 

Style, dry and curl. 2 heat and air-flow settings. Circu­ lar styling brush. 
® 12ooW* pro dryer. 

I £ 9 9 
J I 
Reg. 2o.99 
4 heat settings, 2 fan speeds. 
Long-life AC motor. With air concentrator. 
*nuinufiu tun'r's rated wattage 

$1oo off 

Our stately 72-inch grandfather with westminster chimes. 
$219 

Regularly $319 

Chimes increase each *4 hour, count the hour. Weight-driven movement. 
Cabinet of cherry veneers, hard­ wood solids; molded components 

$5o off battery-driven grandfather clock. 
*119 

Counts hour, strikes the half hour. Uses 
"D” battery (extra). 
Reg. $169 

All other grandfather-clock styles in stock also sale priced. 

 i\VL\ a 

 quantities last 

Special buy. 
Compact 23-channel, 
2-way mobile CB. 

• Variable squelch control 
• S/RF meter • TX light 
• Built-in noise limiter 
• PA capability 

SIMULATED RECEPTION ON ALL TELEVISIONS 

17227 

Our 25" diagonal Auto Color console TV. 

• l-button Auto Color retrieves preset contrast, brightness, tint and color AFC pushbutton 
• Dependable 1o(K/ solid state chassis 
• Positive action dials for UHF, VHF tuning 
• Twin speakers for deep, rich sound 
• Highly visible lighted channel indicator 
• With jack for conversion to cable TV reception 
• Mediterranean-styled oak-grained cabinet 

12937 
*11o off 
19" diagonal color TV. 

% / M t / R e g . 449.95 

• Pushbutton Auto Color 
• Deluxe plastic cabinet 
19" diag. color from $298. 
Regularly 669.95 

NO DOWN PAYMENT REQUIRED WHEN YOU ADD IT TO YOUR WARDS CHARG-ALL ACCOUNT 

*6o off. 
8°37 
Gourmet microwave. 

Reg. 329.95 
Precise cook settings, auto defrost, 25-min timer, 6oow cook power 
Add fast-brow ning grill by C orning , reg. 17.95 

Portable model 

Save $1oo. Wards jumbo 1.4-cu.ft. microwave oven with variable-speed cooking control. 

7oow cook power cuts your cooking times up to 75*#. 
£5 I 
Quality stainless steel interior accommodates a 25-lb. turkey. Automatic defrost cycle, 6o-min digital timer. 
Easy-roll oven carts with shelves as low as 24.95. 
Wards microwave ovens are priced as low as $188. 
„ 
. 
. 
. 
^ _ 
Regularly 499.95 

Save $5o. 5-cycle built-in dishwasher with energy-save 

Switch to air-dry and 
O £ electricity. 
Pots and pans cycle. 
I 
All-porcelain interior. 
Dishwashers from $178. 
Regularly 249.95 

Installation extra 

Your choice 
Roomy upright or big chest-style freezer. 

Wards low price 

15.5-cu.ft. upright. Three shelves help organize food. 3 door racks. Cold control. 
2o-cu.ft. chest. Thin-wall foam insulation for maximum freezing space, low energy consumption. Cold control. 
Save $3o 
Powerhead vacuum even cleans shags. 
Value. 
5-cubic foot chest model 

A X 
I / Reg. 149.95 

2 motors team with rugged beat­ er bar to clean deep. Automatic pile adjustment Tools incl. 
Powerhead vacs from $78 

Wards low price. 
Fits in almost anywhere. Cold control adjusts. 

'17o off color TV! 

 b lk 

AAONTGOM ER 

© M odrilo3 
Model 372oo 
Model 3712o 

Sharp prices, great selection 

*25 off 
3 12-hp, 2o mower. 

Dependable Briggs & Stratton engine has pull'go starting Turbo-chamber deck gives super cutting and bagging. 
Convenient handle-mounted controls. 
E asy-em pty catcher, reg. Iou 19.99 

 s *3U on. 3 12-hp rear bag rotary maneuvers easily around obstacles. 
Catcher inc!. Extend- *1 CQ88 ed oil fill eases service. 
Instant pull-go start. 
Re*. 189.99 

*zu ort. 4-hp rotary mower has a 2 o ” vacuum-action die-cast deck. 

Strong, lightw eight I ^ Q 
8 8 deck gives you great A T T cutting and bagging. 
Reg 169.99 

LBJ Model 37185 

 i *2o off. 3 l/2-hp rotary with 2o deck has instant height adjusters. 
Sets cutting heights AA88 quickly. Spin recoil start, auto choke. 
Reg 119 99 

 ii Value. Dependable steel- deck push-type rotary lawn mower. 
Manual set adjusters 
/ ^ A 8 8 allow proper cutting height. Recoil start 
Reg price. 

Briggs & Stratton engines on ail m ow ers except # 1 o 3 

M 99 
1‘v-gal sprayer. 
Compressed air 12“ wand and 26 h<ise 

14 99 
C ordless shear. lip lo 6ooo strokes per min 3" blades 

12 redw ood tub. 
IO" deep 
G reat indoors or outdoors. 

© M odel 37118 

£££ Hous?& 

• • > . r.jjXRM 

 our best 
* wA$&i,r; v. 
' • ail other rf** 

Tt mst i 

' ■*"$? 
^ 
4 

 title & 
:' 

!!^a/SSU T ER S) 
TSI o318-o1 £ .£ ■ 

Brighten your bath with a new vanity. 

Our attractiv e yet practical 2o" vanity with low-backsplash china top/bowl is available in gleaming white or pecan color. Door firmly mounted to solid wood front frame. 
2o high-back na Kiel, reg. 78.95, 59.88 
24", 2-door m odel, reg. 1o2.95 .. 79.88 
3o , 2-door m odel, reg. 124.95 .. 99.88 

Wards indoor and outdoor latex paints 

2o model, reg. 71.95 

M 
Reg. 11 99 
V 
-12.99 gal. 
Your choice 
*4 off. 1oo-color 
“Life” indoor flat. 
• Covers in just I coat 
• 8-yeur durability 
• Washable and colorfast 
Semi-gloss.......................8.99 
*5 off. 6o-color 
“Silicone Acrylic”. 
• l-coat exterior paint 
• Resists mold, mildew 
• Non-blistering finish 
Sem i-gloss..........................8.99 

2o% off now on our bath accessories! 
1/2 off. 7-color 
“One-Coat” outdoor. 

• Covers in just I coat 
• Flat finish dries fast 
• Soap and water cleanup 

1.5o off. IO-color 
“Fresh Cover” indoor. 

• Dries to flat finish 
• Soap and water cleanup 

Sturdy die-cast zinc in antique white or antique brass finish. 
24” tow el bar, reg. 8 .9 9 .............7.Ii 
R ap er holder, reg. 8 .4 9 ..............6.7i 
S oap d ish, reg. 5 .9 9 .................... 4.7t 
Other bath accessories also 2o% off. 

Wards-brand wallpaper. 
Patterns from selected books now on sale. Theres one for am decor and any budget. ih V i} U 
WHY PASS UP A GOOD BUY? JUST ADD IT TO YOUR WARDS CHARG-ALL ACCOUNT 

I 

Steel-belted radial whitewalls 
• I steel, 4 rayon belts for tread stability, traction 
• Polyester radial cord for mileage, smooth ride 

Free mounting 

S h LE 
PRICE 
EACH 

RE UU L AR 
PRICE 
EACH 

PLUS 
F. E.T. 
EACH 

T U B E LE S S 
WHI TE WA LL 
SIZE 
ALSO 
FI TS 
BR7o-13t 
ER7o-14 
2o5/7oR 14 
$65 
FR7o-14 
215/7oR-14 
$69 
GR7o-14 
225/7oR-14 
HR7o-14 
235/7oR-14 
$8o 
GR7o-15 
225/7oR-15 
HR7o-15 
235/7oR-15 
$86 
JR7o-15 
245/7oR-15 
$9o 

RAISED W HITE RETT KRS (NOT I LEUS IR ATED) 
BR7o-13I 
ER7o-14 
2o5/7oR-14 
$65 
FR7o-14 
215/7oR-14 
$69 

GR7o-15 
225/7oR-15 
$79 
NO T R A D E -IN N E E D E D . ISI NO LE R A D IA L ELY 

Road Tam er Radial sale priced thru May 31 

New 4-ply polyester 
Highway Handler IL 
Y 
/ 1 
Size A78-13 blk. plus 1.72 f.e.t. each. 

TIRELESS 
HI.ACKWALI 
SIZE 

N o tn n lf in in-iiled 
W h ite w a ll* >in m ost si/e si $.'1 m are <*at:h 
.'»-i ii* tread 

Low-cost installation available. 

Sizes to fit most 
US cars 

31% savings. l3/ie" heavy-duty shock 
22% savings. Easy 
Street shocks. 

M ea. in pairs 
Reg. 1o.99 
All l3/i«" features, plus extra-large oil reser­ voir, "O” ring seal for cool operation. 

 ea. in pairs 
A Reg. 6.99 
Big 13/i«" piston for smooth rides. Even, d ep en d ab le p e rfo r­ mance in all weather. 

24-inrh pullman, reg. 29.99 . . 19.97 

21 companion, reg. 19.99 . . 14.97 

Shoulder tote, reg. 15.99 . . 9.97 

His or her 3 piece set of tan softside vinyl luggage 
Consists of shoulder tote, 21" companion and 24" pullman with durable steel frame. 
J 
Long-wearing Nygard" nylon zippers close easily, sides wipe clean with damp cloth. 
R eg. 65. 

$16 to $3o savings. 

Save $12 

Portable toilet. 

6 7 ? ; ™ 

(’onvenient and sani­ tary. Se I f-cc rn t a i lied. fresh water I lushing. 
Polyethylene shell. 

Save $4o 
23o-amp welder. 
*129 

Regularly $169 

Lip to I (HL r duty cycle 
Accessories included. 
295-amp, reg. $2o9, $149 
U n d e r c a r r ia g e . .8.99 

NO DOWN PAYMENT REQUIRED WITH WARDS CHARG-ALL CREDIT—COME APPLY FOR AN ACCOUNT 
I 

 aa 
Looking for value? See us. 

SxlO' nylon family cabin tent. 
Aluminum frame. Re- gam sists mildew/leakage. ' £ 
* 

D e l u x e 9 x 1 2 , 
119.97 • 
* 
^ 
99*99 

Flame retardant. 
Meet* Industry 
Standard CPA1-84. 

Save $1o 
Scrubber/sander/polisher kit. 
Cleans and polishes cars, IxxtUs, more, with­ out streaks. 
Q Q 8 8 

4 9 .99 

EXPRESS NEWS 
Su n d a y 

April 17, 1 9 7 7 m a g a z i n e 
PAGE I 

King William 

This is the w eek fo r Fiesta in 
San A n ton io and one o f the highlights of the season is a tour of the King W illiam Dis* 
 details. 

Night In Old San Antonio 

It s p e o p le e n d fo o d; p e o p le a n d fun; p e o p le an d fo u r nigh ts in the sp irit o f the n a tio n ’ s I Oth la rg e st city ca u g h t up in the 

 sprin g-tim e m a n ia c a lle d F iesta ‘ 7 7 . I fs N ig h t in O ld S a n A n to n io an d it h a p p e n s b e g in n in g T u e sd a y, A p ril I 9 , a t La V illita 

 in the h e a rt o f R iver C ity . 
D u rin g N I O S A 's 3 5 y e a r h isto ry, the Fie sta W e e k e ve n t h as g row n un der the g u id a n c e o f the S a n A n to n io C o n s e rv a tio n 

S o cie ty to in v o lv e m o re than 2 ,5 o o v o lu n te e rs servin g th o u sa n d s o f visitors the ta ste s, g a ie ty a n d ro m a n tic ch a rm that is the 

 spirit o f the A la m o C ity . 

D I S C O U N T T IC K E T S fo r N I O S A a re on sa le at $ 2 .5 o fo r ad u lts an d 5 o cen ts 
^or c h ild re n I 2 a n d u n d er at a ll H a n d y A n d y a n d H EB sto res an d at El T ro p ica n o 

H otel, G u n te r H o te l, T ra v e L o d g e a t C o u rth o u se S q u a re , La M a n s io n H o te l a n d the 
H ilto n P a la c io d e l Rio. Tickets at the g a te w ill be $ 3 a d u lts, 5 o cents fo r ch ild re n . 

G a te s o p e n a t 5 : 3 o p.m . a n d clo se a t IO p.m . e a ch night. 

TW 

Albums 

E m e rso n , La k e and P a lm e r have a new album on the pop music m arket that is predicted to shake the stereo w orld. De­ tails are in Playback, by Joel 

PAGE 2 
EXPRESS-NEWS SUNDAY MAGAZINE— Apr, 17, 1977 * 

Aldrich appreciation grow s on audience 

Carl Aldrich and his Greenwood taurant audience are a lot like quarreling lovers who want to make 
The folk guitarist has to use his talents to get in the good graces of the group of people who fake indifference until the veteran performer finally breaks through to them. 
For most of the even­ ing Aldrich sits in a corner of the health rood restaurant running through his repertoire of folk and b lu es songs w hile accom p an ying him self on acoustic guitar. 

There’s no debating he has talent. His gravelly voice suits his son gs, which stretch back to blues p ieces from the 
192os. And his fin gers run over his gu itar's neck with practiced ease. 
But when he finishes a rousing honky-tonk number in fine style — h e ’s met with cold silence* 
Not even an apprecia­ tive nod or glance from the diners note the end oi the song. 
The San Antonio Col­ lege students who make up the bulk of the res­ tau rant’s patrons .just keep on eating and talk­ ing about their love lives and new found p hilosophies. 
Aldrich might as well be a hang­ ing plant for all they care. 
However, the 
Fort 
Worth native stays in there. H e’s been at it sin ce 1961 and knows so m e tricks when it comes to wooing a moody audience. 

Res- tvvo up. 

 h im se lf on acoustic guitar. o c 
.ntpMaimpnt fipot ifight 

First he tries another upbeat song, followed by a flashy blues tune, and finally it happens: 
Somebody looks up from their meal and ten­ tatively starts clapping, then another patron will follow suit. In a few se­ conds, the whole room erupts into applause. 
Sound like a tough way to make a few dollars? 
“ Yeah, som etim es it does seem like I’m just singing to myself, bul I just keep on playing," says the 34-year-old mu­ sician. He also admits he aches to hear applause without having to go through a courting game with his audience. 
Obviously though. Al­ drich doesn’t play just for a few laughs and the good times. “ I just en joy playing and would pro­ bably do it if no one was here," he explains. 
Actually, the combina­ tion of hearing Aldrich and eatin g at the 
Greenwood Restaurant, located at 17o8 IM. Main 
A ve., is like step p in g back to the early 196os. 
Between Aldrich, his m usic and the student clientele, the restaurant has a definite beatnik at­ mosphere that makes you think of bongoes and poetry reading. 
The unique thing about 
Aldrich is he is one of 
San Antonio's few survi­ vors from that era. 
Flicking back a strand 

CARL ALDRICH is tru in g to fund cut lin g a re c o rd a lle r play in; blue*, a n d fo lk fo r 16 years 

 of his thinning hair which brushes his collar, Al­ drich explains, “ I started as a folk ie when I began in 1961, and I guess I’m still a lolkie. 

“ My biggest drawback is that I don’t do a lot of popular songs. When I do som e of these obscure things people will come up and ask ‘Where did you get that from?” 
Besides almost forgot­ ten blu es num bers, 
Aldrich’s repertoire in­ cludes a few Jim m y 
Rogers’ songs and some 

 other vintage country tunes he’s been polishing for the last 16 years in a never-ending parade of clubs. 
Ju d gin g from 
A l­ drich's strong jaw, it would appear he’s still picking simply because he's stubborn. But he says he just loves music too much to quit. 
"I don’t think 1 11 ever get tired and give it up. 
I’m having a good time and learning. After 16 years there’s really no rush,” he says. 
So on Thursday, Friday 

 and 
Saturday, 
Aldrich plays at the Greenwood. lie also pum ps g as betw een working on a graduate degree in his­ tory. 

At the sam e lim e though, the m usician says he's trying to get together enough funds to cut a record of his ori­ ginal songs. 
“The way I figure it. I have a lot of tim e and maybe 1 11 become rich and fam ous. 
In the meantime, FII just have 

 i r i w o i i i r n * * h i * s, 

ELP’s ‘Works’ 
Rockers’ revenge 

We common folk who deal in nasty old popular music gel tired of all those big mean classical m u sic people kicking sand in our faces all the time. 
Once when this lowly colum n actually ap ­ peared in a newspaper on the same page with one that dealt with high- tones, obviously superior music, it was reliably reported that the newspaper’s symphony music critic jumped up on a chair and yelled 
“ Eek.” 
Well, some rock bands also get tired of the cul­ tured elite looking down on them as m usical 
N eanderthals who w ou ldn ’t know M onte­ verdi if they smoked it. 
That is what is respon- sible for an album like 
“ Works” by Emerson, 
Lake and 
P alm er 
(Atlantic). 
As background, let me explain that Keith Emer­ son really is all the foul, beastly things that most rock keyboard artists are. He has been known to jump wildly around a sta ge, h ysterically pounding out 32nd notes and generally making a spectacle of himself. 
He used to have a trick where he would plunge a dagger into the keyboard of an electric organ so it would hold a particular note while he ran to an­ other part of the stage to beat up on a piano. 
Then let me tell you that one entire side of this new album consists of Keith Emerson play­ ing his “ Piano Concerto 
No. I” with the London 
Philharmonic Orchestra. 
First Movement: Alle­ gro 
Giojoso. 
Second 
Movement: 
Andante 
Motto Cantabile. Third 
Movement: Toccato Con 
Fuoco. 
I don’t know what those words all mean. I think a lot of them are Italian. 
But if you print them up in a symphony pro­ gram, people will read them and nod meaning­ fully. Actually, Toccato 
Con Fuoco means a taco w itll hot sauce to go. 
All I really know is that 
Emerson plays real good, and so do the other guys in that band from Lon­ don. 
The reason why 
E- merson is free to indulge h im self in such lofty aspirations to high art is that this new two-record album is actually four separate albums. Each member of the group has a side to pretty much do what he wants, and they all come together on the final side. 
Now that I have sent scores of Vladimir Hor­ ine it iz freaks into cardiae arrest, would you believe thai the drummer plays 

Playback iiiiiiiliii iilii 

By.Joel McNally 

Prokofiev and Bach? 
W ell, 
Carl 
P alm er does, with old Johann 
(Bomber) Bach’s “ Two 
Part Invention in D Min­ o r” and “ The E nem y 
God D ances with the 
Black Spirits” which in­ cludes an excerpt from 
Prokofiev’s “ The Scyth­ ian Suite.” 
Crass person that I am, though, I have to admit that on Palm er’s side I personally preferred “ L. 
A. Nights” which had a guest perform ance by 
Joe Walsh, a guitar vir­ tuoso from the Post Viet­ nam War E lectric Ro­ mantic Period. 
Similarly shamefaced, 
I must confess that for me the highlight of the album was Greg Lake’s side with his great rock blues vocals and his acoustic and bass guitar worke. 
There is not a 
2oo-year-old song in the lot. 
Just 
D ylanesque songs with cynical lyrics like “ Hallowed by Thy 
N a m e ,” 
“ Lend 
Your 
Love to Me T o n ig h t,” 
“ Nobody Loves You Like 
I D o,” and “ C e s t La 
Vie." 
Lake sin gs the way 
Dylan would sing if Dy­ lan could sing. 
Just to make Beetho­ ven roll over a little more, the side where the band gets together has only two cuts, Aaron Co­ pland’s “ Fanfare for the 

Common 
M a n ” and 
E m erson , 
Lake and 
Palmer’s “ Pirates.” All four of those songwriters are going places. 
To Emerson, Lake and 
Palm er’s legion of rock fans, here it is. Their works. 
To all those who didn't know our primitive mu­ sic was capable of this kind of thing: N yahh, 
Nvahh. Nyahh. Who says we got no class? 
It is a ch a sm ic leap between a technically perfect album like ELP’s and a live folk album re­ corded on an obscure re­ cord label called Moun­ tain Railroad Records. 
But it is a leap worth making. 
Sure, Jim Post may wander away from the microphone a little in the m iddle of recording 
“ Back on the 
Street 
Again” but that is just because the performance is real. 
Post is a 
C hicago 
Folkie with a piercing tenor voice that still shows traces of church choir. He is also a very entertaining guy given to very long, very 
I un ny disjointed monologues as he wanders about a club. 
Those things work in person and not on “ live" albums. Fortunately, on this particular live al­ bum som eon e has had the good sense to cut out everything but the m u­ sic. 
And good music it is. 
There are compositions by another of the Chicago folk. Tom Dundee, like 
“ Delicate Balance” and 
“ Back on the Street 
Again.” and good things like P o s t ’s own joyful 
“ Light of Life and Love” and an ironic good-bye called “ Hello Babe.” 
P ost’s soaring voice, his high energy and his good humor all com e through very well on this album. 

KEITH EMERSON 

On the records 

C O M P IL E D BY B IL L B O A R D M A G A Z IN E 
Top 1o singles 

1 
D O N T G IVE UP O N US - Dovid Soul 
2 D O N T LEAVE M f THIS W A Y 
- Thelma Houlton 
3. SO U T H E R N N IG H TS - Glen Campbell 
4. h o t e l C a l i f o r n i a - Eogies 
5 THE T H IN G S W E D O FOR LOVE - IO cc 
6 D A N C IN G Q U EE N - Abba 
7 I VE G O T LOVE O N M Y M IN D - Ncnatie Cole 
8. EVER G REEN - Barbio Streisand . 
9 S O IN TO Y O U — Atlanta Rhythm Section 
1o RICH GIRL - Daryl Hall & John Oates 

Top I o albums 
1 EA G LES — Hotel California 
2 FLEET W O O D M A C — Rumouis 
3 STEVIE W O N D E R - Songs In The Key O f Life i BARBRA ST R EISA N D & KRIS K R ISTO FFERSO N 
Star Is Born" Original Soundtrack Recording 
5 K A N S A S — Lefto-erture 
6 BARRY M A N IL O W - This One 5 For You 
7 B O S T O N - Boston 
8 NEIL D IA M O N D - love. At The Greek 
9 NATALIE COLE — Unpredictable 
IO. STEVE MILLER B A N D - Fly like An Eagle 

 r r i 
• 
I he Classics 

■ ... 
■ .+»■ «... ... .. 
— M»« 

 bv David Ambon) Richelieu 

- 
.. 

Up in the air for $25,ooo 

Have trouble keeping your feet on the ground? There may be 
$25,ooo in it for you. 
The producers of a movie, 
“ Journey Into the Beyond," are offering $25,ooo to the first person to “ achieve auth­ entic self-levitation under stringent conditions set forth to preclude the possibility of fakery, illusion or the use of any mechanical contrivance." 
A spokesman for Burbank 
International Pictures said persons claiming the ability to levitate must agree to be 
“ observed out of doors in full 

 daylight by a panel of scien­ tists, doctors, engineers, par­ apsychologists and biologists, as well as by the press, which will be allowed to take still photographs, motion picture film and TV tape." lf you can do it, the money is your s. 

Self-Levitation 
Con­ test/Burbank Interna­ tional Studios/care of 
G arret 
/ Simes 
Company/8722 Sunset 
Boulevard/Los Angeles, 
Calif. 

Treat is coming to music capital 

 t 
San Antonians are in for a musical treat Tuesday when young, energetic pianist Mark Westcott teams up with 
San Antonio violinist Julian Autrey. 
The two will be in recital 8 p.m. Tuesday at 
Trinity University. 
San Antonio is already the musical capital of 
South Texas. 
The recital here by these two young and talented artists follows on the heels of appear­ ances by Gilbert!* Munguia. the renowned cel­ list from the Rio Grande Valley, and Eugene 
Eodor, the superstar v iolinist who is making a triumphal T S. concert tour. 
I have not had a chance to hear Westcott. a native of Portland. Ore., in person. But I do have lii^ recording of Franck's Symphonic 
Variations and Los Djinns. 
On the basis of his record performance. I can easily sax this will bt* one of the musical high­ lights of the year. Hopefully, Westcott will come back and perform with the San Antonio Sym­ phony. 
It is difficult to believe all the publicity which accompanies a new record release — reviews claiming he is the new Wilhelm Kempff, raves from the Washington Post. New York Times and. ahem, the Fort Worth Star Telegram. 
Well. now he will have one from the San An­ tonio Express-News. 
I just received a record from Angel in which 
Aide ( iccolini performs the Franck piano pieces played by Westcott. Ciceolini is world class. Westcott. on record at least, is easily his equal. 
His technique, style, attack show maturity beyond his years. His interpretations are bril­ liant. his playing impeccable and his under­ standing of the music nearly breathtaking. This is a truly remarkable performer. 
Can Berlin. Vienna. New York. Washington and Fort Worth all be wrong? Well. yes. But not in this case. Five stars for young Westcott. 
His record is on Musical Heritage Society disc. It is not available in stores. But after his performance here, you will doubtless want to hear him again. 
You can do that by writing: Musical Heritage 
Society, 17111 Highway 35, Oakhurst, N.J., o7755. 
Enclose a check or money order for $4.45 
($3.5o for the record and 95 cents for handling, postage etc.). Order MHS 3515 Franck: Sym­ phonic Variations—Westcott. 
Dynamite. 

MARK WESTCOTT 
JULIAN AUTREY 

The Best of San Antonio 

 m ag a z in e 

RON STRAIT-Editor 

BOX 2171, SAN ANTONIO, 78297 
225-741 I EXT. 322 
S O N THE COVER** 
N iO S A comes but once a year and for many San Antonians (especially those on diets) that’s plenty. For four nights this week, La Villita will be home to thousands of visitors. Be among them —at least once. 

 try it; 
UNUSUAL WINOS TO PO A BUY IN SAN ANTONIO ANO OUR AREA 

O f course this is Fiesta week, and by the end of it you may not think you can drag yourself out of the house still another time. 

But ifs worth the effort next Saturday for the King William Fair, held in the 
King William Historic District. 
After al! the elbow-bouncing and crowds of Fiesta’s parades and other celebrations, the King William Fair is a quiet change of pace, a throw-back to the time when San Antonio was small and slow and neighborhoods would throw parties. 
The fair is free, although there is a chance for a tour of four historic homes, that are being restored. But if you want to stay outdoors, there s plenty to do from strolling past some magnificent old houses to browsing for arts and crafts, or being entertained by bands, folk dancers and Claude Crow the magician. 
There s no pressure, no strain, just some easy fun. 
• King W illiam Fair/King W il­ liam Historic District / Sat, 
Apr 
23/1 I -6/Free except tor $3 tor home tour. 

Fair place to be alter frantic Fiesta 

March, march, march to the sheets of music 

W here do you find the sheet music for “ Texas Our Texas," 
“ The Aggie W a r Hymn," and 
“ March of the Longhorns’ ? 

You can find them ail at the 
Southern Music Co. 
Southern 
Music is the publisher of these three greats of the marching sands, but the company is also a gigantic repository of other sheet music. 

Manager Arthur Gurwitz esti- 

 some 2oo,ooo different sheet music arrangements in stock. 
Many times the company has sheet music that is no longer available in print elsewhere, one reason the Southern Music has one of the biggest mail-order businesses in the country. lf you can hum it, you can probably find it there. 

Southern 
Music / l l OO 
Broadway / 226-8167 / 
Mon-Fri 1o-5, Sat 1o-1. 
EXPRESS-NEWS SUNDAY MAGAZINE— Apr. 17, 1977 * PAGE 3 

GOURDS CKXJCJRD 

KRIS STORY 
3211 Stonehaven 
JOHN MARSHALL HIGH SCHOOL 

Kris Story seems to have everything going for her — beauty, popularity, intelligence and ambition. 
I he outgoing daughter of Dr. and Mrs. Jim L. Story maintains a 96 average, in the top five per cent of her class, while serving as head cheerleader, on Joske's teen board, 
Marshall student council and chairing the welcoming committee. 
Kris enjoys the sciences, and intends to study to be a doctor at the University of 
Texas. Honors received include grand prize winner in the 1976 John Marshall science lair, first place in the Bexar County Medical Award, outstanding exhibit related to veterinary medicine and third place in medicine and health at the Alamo Regional 
Science Fair. 
In addition she was the state winner of an expense-paid trip to Washington, D.C. for the National Science and Humanities Symposium. Kris was also a nominee for outstan­ ding youth in medicine award, sponsored by the San Antonio Optimists. 
Kris was a member of the Marshall pep squad as a freshman and was named a junior varsity cheerleader the next year. Last year she was also a varsity cheerleader. She was recently honored for individual achievement at the Texas state and regional cheerlead­ ing competition. A member of Who’s Who Among American Cheerleaders, Kris received 
1976 pep squad scholarship award for having the highest scholastic average in her class. 
Kris led the Marshall squad to the 1976-77 cheerleading championship, as well as first place awards in the Joske’s and Coca Cola cheering competition. 
Kris has been recognized by her peers as a leader at Marshall. She served as freshman and sophomore class vice president and is a four-year member of the student council. 
The blonde beauty was selected sophomore class duchess, junior class princess for the snowman’s ball and homecoming duchess. 
Other awards garnered include Spanish and algebra merit awards, DAR good citizen award, nominee for Miss Teen Optimist, business honors seminar at Trinity University, alternate to Girls’ State, National Honor Society, National Spanish Honor Society, 
Marshall’s Best All-Around Student, and selection to Who’s Who Among American 
High School Students. 
Kris is a member of the Patriot Party, J-Club, Ski Club, Fellowship of Christian 
Athletes and Manor Baptist Church. She enjoys horseback riding, science and music. 
She will soon be honored by the Optimist Club of 
San Antonio. 

CONGRATULATIONS... 

M i V > : It V. * V i I inturn 

PAGE 4 
EXPRESS-NEWS SUNDAY MAGAZINE— Apr. 17, 1977 

 i TWO RIBEYE STEAK | 
PLATTERS FOR *3.99 I 
I 
I (with this coupon) c o a 
D 
o u 
1I 
I I I 
Lh 

TNE hom e OE ste a k l o v er s 

Bung this COufXJO plub someone you like and enioy a pan of nbeye steaks selected tor taste and tenderness with baked potato oi golden bench hies and Sizzler toast Both tot inst 
S3.99. 

• 4 6 2 o B ro a d w a y 
• 1 4o 2 S.W . M ilita ry Or. 
• B ro a d w a y at Loop 4 1 o 
• H w y. 9 o at M ilita ry Dr. 
• V an ce Jackson at Loop 4 1 o 

I 

I I 
I 

 good thru 4-21 
I 

Intimate disc with inmates 
Nashville Sound 

By RED o DONNELL 

N A SH V ILLE, Tenn. - 
S in g e r Son n y J a m e s next album is going to be titled: “ Sonny Ja m e s In 
P riso n .’ ’ N ope, the d ig ­ n ifie d 
A la b a m a -b o r n entertainer isn ’t servin g a stretch. 
The LP w as recorded in the T en n essee State 
Prison here with all in­ m a te m u s ic ia n s an d sin gers backing him up. 
“ I’m the only non-in­ m ate on the album , and if I’m not m istaken this is a recording industry, fir s t,” said Ja m e s . “ I know Johnny ('ash — and m aybe M erele H aggard ? 
— have recorded inside the w alls of prisons, but they had their own bands with th em .” 
.Jam es had nothing but p raise for the six inm ate m u s ic ia n s an d fo u r sin g ers who worked with him . 
“ We had reh earsed off and on for about four w e e k s,” he ex p lain ed . 
“ They w ere like pros. 
‘ ‘W hat g a v e m e the idea? Well, “ the lanky, bearded country sin ger said , “ I have been visit­ ing the prison and talk ­ ing with the prison ers — especially those in terest­ ed in m usic. I am inter­ ested in their reh abilita­ tion — but have m ade no public announcem ent. I do it privately and want it kept that w ay.” 
“ The inm ates, none of whom had ever worked a s m usician s or sin gers, perform ed like pros. 
“ A nd,” he concluded, 
“ when the session w as all over I don’t know who w as m ore excited about 

 what we had done — the inm ates or I .” 

• 
C o lu m b ia, fo r w hich 
J a m e s r e c o r d s, a p p a r ­ ently believes in the pro­ duct. It has ordered a 
“ rush re le a se ” for May. 

R u m o rs that veteran gu itar ist-songw riter 
M erle T rav is is in poor health are unfound. 

M erle h im self sa y s so: 
In a phone call from his home in Sau gu s, C a­ lif., T r a v is said : “ I ’m ju st fine and w orking a s m uch a s I want to. In fact I ’m prep arin g for a tour of A laska anti Mon­ tana right now .” 
T rav is said the rum ors probably got started after he fell on C h rist­ m as D ay and su ffered a broken arm . 
“ I w as delivering som e p a c k a g e s 
— p la y in g 
Santa C laus — stum bled g o in g up so m e ste p s, took a tum ble and broke m ay left arm n ear the shoulder. The injury — now p ractically m ended 
— didn’t in terfere with my picking or singing. I haven’t m issed a lick .” 
T rav is is sponsoring a 
L ittle L e a g u e b a se b a ll team this season in his a r e a — “ T h e C an yon 
Country A n g els.” 
“ I sa w m y fr ie n d . 
G ene A u try, the other d a y ,” he sa id ., “ and told him : ‘I don’t know how your C alifornia A ngels in the A m erican L eagu e — which team he ow ns — 

 are going to do, but my 
“ A n gels” are going to be th e c h a m p s in th e ir le ag u e .” 
W atch for a recording bv Hoyt Axton of a song with the w ild title of 
‘ You’ re the H angnail in 
My L ife (A nd I C an ’t 
B ite 
Y ou 
O f f .) ” 
G en erally, I don’t plug reco rd in gs, but this one is a clever, funny song and w as co-written by a cou ple of local college boys, M ike M ontgom ery and Woody Bow les. 
“ We w rote it five years ago when we were both 
19 y e a r s o ld ,” sa id 
M o n tg o m e ry . 
“ A nd would you believe,” ad ­ ded B o w les, lau gh in g ., 
"w e w rote it while a t­ te n d in g S u n d a y n igh t s e r v ic e s at a B a p tist c h u rc h we a r e m e m b e rs.” 
A s a c r ile g io u s g e stu re ? W ell, hardly. 
M o n tg o m e ry an d 
B ow les said the m in is­ te r’s serm on that night 
— a b o u t how p e o p le shouldn ’t let little things b oth er them — helped in sp ire the lyrics. 
"W e have been trying fo r fiv e y e a r s to g e t som ebody to record it. 
We figured it w as a dead so n g’ aw aiting burial until Axton decided to in clu d e it on h is new 
‘ Sn o w b lin d F r ie n d ’ a l­ bum . 
“ A n d ,” sa id M ontgo­ m ery, excitedly, “ at the last m inute, he bum ped another son g off the a l­ ready com pleted album and ad ded our ‘Y ou’re the 
H a n g n a il in 
M y 
L ife .’” 
MCA R ecords — one of the m a jo rs-m ajo rs in the m usic field, thought en­ ough of its potential to re le ase it a s a single. 

Clip this coupon! 

CBers w ill get new band soon 
CB Convac 

By INK DIPPER 

Editor o f The CB Tim es-Journal 

CBers in the U.S. and 
Canada might not be to­ tally aware of it, bul their governments are on the verge of setting up a se­ cond citizens band. 
Sometime in the next six months the U.S. F e­ deral Com m unications 
Commission will release a plan for the new band, which will be placed in a frequency range high above the present one. 
And at the same time or a little later the Canadian 
D epartm ent of 
Communications will an­ nounce a similar plan. 
CBing in the two countries went through a major change this year when both agencies ad­ ded 17 new channels to those already existing. 
But what lies ahead is more than just a simple expansion. The new band 

 will require new radios which will operate with less in terferen ce and offer the potential for hundreds of new ch an ­ nels. 
The U.S. and Canadian agencies face a problem and a deadline. The problem is a phenomen­ on called skip, which is caused by radio signals bouncing off the earth’s atmosphere and landing hundreds of miles away. 
The bouncing signals cause problems for local conversations. A V an­ couver. B.C., (’Ber might 

 not be able to talk to a friend around the corner 

 because he’s over-ridden by another ('B er in 
Montgomery, Ala., who in turn is having trouble because of CBers in 
Pueblo, Colo. 
Skips grows worse every ll years or so be­ cause of sunspots, which are explosions on the 

The explosions send out additional energy, which builds up in the earth’s atmosphere and makes the upper part bounce certain types of radio waves. By 198o we should hit the 11-year sunspot peak. 

 will be place on a higher frequency range than the present 27-m egahertz range, which is one of the hardest hit places in the radio sp e ctru m when skip start building. 

Two proposed places for the new band are in the 22o-megahertz and 

 the 9oo-megahertz range. 
The 
9oo-m egahertz range is expected to win out. The frequencies ar­ ound the 22o-megahertz are are already (dogged with governm ent and a m a te u r ( h a m) o p era­ tors, and are also close to som e television broad­ cast frequencies. sun’s surface. 
The new citizens band 

Wetv American Airlines. Doing what we do best. 

Ec 
ZA, RENNERT WORLD TRAVEL, INC. 
MOUTH STAI MAU 349-2761 
TWhlTY UNIVHtSlTY 736-72ll 

WHOSO# PAIK MAU 654-631o 

HAWAII 

JULY 14-21, 1977 

★ 6 NIGHTS AT SHERATON WAIKIKI 
★ ROUND TRIP FARE FROM SAN ANTONIO 
★ PEARL HARBOR CRUISE 
★ FLOWER LEI GREETINGS 
★ FULLY ESCORTED FROM SAN ANTONIO 

I----------------------------- 
I 
’ 
PLEASE SEND ME ADDITIONAL INFORMATION \ 

 i 
ON JULY 14-21 HAWAII TOUR 
| 
I 
I 

 j 
ADDRESS ....................................................... 

I 
PHONE ........................................................... 

I 
CITY .............................. STATE 
ZIP 
L 
---------- 

THE BEST MCHTION 
■ U N D E R THE SHN 

32 miles of clean, toasty beaches 45 min­ utes South of Houston and 2 miles out in the kaleido­ scopic Gulf of Mexico . . . 
Sensational Galveston Island. 

Come see why it's Texas' most popular coastal resort. And this year moi fun than ever! Famous seafood restaurants. Terrific fishing M agnifico 
Victorian homes. The Gaslit Strand Oceans of entertainment at Se 
Arama Marineworld Panoramic Seawolf Park Musical spectaculars in ti new Lone Star amphitheatre. See your travel agent < 

 write for more informatioi 

 sun Galveston. 
Is la n d . 

 x 
\ 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
Name_________________ _ ____________ j 

Address i. 
* 
* * ' 
I 
I 
City 
____________ 
_ . .. . 
State 
Z I P _____________ I 
._ 

Galveston Island Visitors Bureau 
21o2 Beach • Galveston Island, Texas 7755o 

67, 
298 

6da>s/ 
5 nights 

 plus a ir fare 
Now that there are more pesos to the dollar, there’s never been a better time to visit Mexico. And no airline can show you a better time than American. 
In fact, we give you a taste of 
Mexico before you even arrive. 
W ith new, exotic Mexican meals we'll be serving on all our flights to Mexico City and Acapulco. 
Once you’re there, wherever you go, in stores, restaurants, on sightseeing trips, you'll find your dollar goes a lot further. 
Sightsee in Mexico City. Sun­ bathe in Acapulco. Visit the Yuca­ tan’s ancient ruins. Our tour folder offers you a choice of over 2o exciting vacations, at cxcitingl low' prices. (Tours include hotel accommodations, sightseeing, and many extras.) 
So. vamoose to Mexico on 
American. For more details, c; us or your Travel Agent. 

*Pi ice is per person on double occupancy, and depends on where you go, length of stay, and hotel. Does not include air fare, meals, gratuities or departure tax. Effective May I through December 14, 1977. 

, I Tour W in ran tv 
You H ill be pleased lo know that it any tour com ponent or service is not delivered as described, .Amer­ ican A irlines n ill w arrant an appropriate refund covering the undelivered com ponent or service, pros ided that Am erican reed s es your properly d oc­ um ented claim w ithin sixty days after com ple­ tion of your tour and that the com ponent or service not p rovided was not caused by cireuth- slances beyond the reasonable co n trol o f the tour vpet atar. 

EXPRESS-NEWS SUNDAY MAGAZINE— Apr. 17, 1977 
PAGE 5 

New topic honors carnival 

Caninal time in the and lavish festivities. featuring costumes worn ba attract many tourists precede the celebration, 
N ed erlan d 
A ntilles 
To honor this annual by the local people for from all over the world highlighted on the Sun- m eans colorful cos- event, the Antilles has the occasion. during Carnival. Months day before Ash wednes- tumes. exciting parades issued three new stamps 
Both Curacao and Aru- of intensive preparation day with a big parade of 
Stamps 

From A ssociated Press 

THE HAWAII 
VACATION yOU DON'T HAVE 
TOWAIT FOR. 

LEAVE SAN A N TO N IO 
DAILY AT 11:oo A .M .. ARRIVE 
IN HONOLULU AT 1:oo P.M. RY 
C O N N EC TIN G IN DALLAS-FORT 
W ORTH TO THE ONLY DAILY 747 
N O N -STO P TO HAWAII FROM 
THE SOUTHW EST. 

W aiting tor you are the warm sun, rhe sea and the sand of a w hole glorious string of tropical islands. 
Yours to choose trom right now. 

TAKE YOUR N O -W AITING 
HAWAIIAN VACATION N O W -W IT H $1-A-DAY*FLYING CO LO R S TRAVEL CREDIT 

Any air travel or vacation package that includes at least one Braniff flight qualifies for Flying Colors Travel 
Credit. You can finance up to $829 over 36 m onths and pay no more th an $l-a-day or $3o a m onth. Your deferred payment price would be $1,o8o (36 m onthly paym ents of $3o) including the finance charge com puted at an annual percentage rate of 18% where authorized by state law. T here’s no required down paym ent and first paym ent is not due for 3o to 45 days. Lesser am ounts of travel money can be repaid sooner at $l-a-day or at less than $l-a-day. Larger am ounts are available at higher repayment rates. This new travel credit service is provided at Braniff s request exclusively through authorized travel agents in all stares (except Alaska, Arkansas, M aine, Vermont) by Associates 
Financial Services. Travel agents can approve immediately many credit applications up to $75o. r 
CHOOSE THE HAWAII FLYING CO LO RS VACATION 
FOR YOUR BLODGET. Consult your travel agent or Braniff office for further information on Braniff s Vacations with Flying 
Colors to Hawaii for Sl-a-day. Or mail the coupon below. 
Braniff International 
Flying Colors-Room 9o8 
PO . Box 35oo1, Dallas, Texas 75235 
Please send me more information on your Hawaii Vacations with Flying Colors: 

HAWAIIAN HOSPITALITY HOLIDAY, u t h o h h t w t h a j . bt. c ?) 

BRANIFF—THE ONLY DAILY 
747 N O N -STO P FROM 
DALLAS-FORT W ORTH — 
THE SM OOTH SO U TH ERN 
ROUTE T O H O N O LU LU 

□$473-$661 including .ar fare 

8 days, I or 3 islands (Oahu, Main, Hawaii), with hotel and many extras. 

THE ROYAL O R CH ID , uiiiwmroh. 
□ $829 in. lading .ar I.ire 

14 days, 4 islands (Maili, Hawaii, O ahu, Kauai). Price includes hotel, comprehensive sightseeing, inter-island air fares and more. 

FLY AND DRIVE VACATION, n .. >. co 
□ $555-$681 including air fare 

 i days, with hotel, lei greeting, rental car with unlimited mileage, taxes and liability insurance. 
Prices per person, double occupancy (single accommodations higher)—range depending on day of departure or hotel chosen. 
Subject to change. Some tours have fixed departure dates and group travel requirements. Your travel agent or Braniff have all the details and will arrange for your inclusion in a group, v 
( 

I 
NAME 
I 

C onnect Braniff to Braniff and enjoy our Surfer Room at 
Da 11 as-Fort W orth, offering com­ plimentary coffee and fruit juices, exclusively to Hawaii passengers; then board our 747 non-stop and avoid West Coast delays, weather problems, changes of airlines or terminals. 
CABIN SERVICE BEYOND 
THE EXPECTED. Braniff offers coach passengers a choice of en­ trees, com plim entary French wine, spacious lounge with stand up bar, wing back chairs-a n d at nominal cost, wide-screen movies and m ulti-channel stereo. 

FOR RESERVATIONS C ALL 
YOUR TRAVEL A G EN T OR 
BRANIFF AT 224-4941 
. . . 2 4 HOURS A DAY. 

ADDRESS. 

C IT Y ____ 
.STATE 
ZIP. 

NAME OF YOl R TRAVEL AGENCY 
BRANIFF 
TO HAWAII W ITH FLYING COLORS 

P A S I 6 
EXPRESS-NEWS SUNDAY M A G A Z IN E — Apr. 17, 1977 

 state coaches and cos­ tumed carnival partici­ pants. 
A repitition of this parade takes place on the eve of Ash Wednesday along a shorter route. 
The values of the three new stamps are 25, 35, and 4o cents. Each stamp has the inscription “Oar- naval” above the illus­ tration. 

From the mother country, the N ether­ lands, two new comme- moratives have been is­ sued. But these stamps are based on more ser­ ious subjects — elections and energy. 

The 
4o-cent stam p publicized a national in­ form ational campaign with the slogan "Use 
Energy Wisely.” 

Just as in the United 

ALPINE 
CHARTER 
{FOCO ,,om 
%/ •J 
Hon*! in 

Depart June 4 for a fabu­ lous 16-day tour to the 
Swiss. Austrian and Ger­ man Alps. Price includes round-trip air. first-class hotels, breakfast daily, sightseeing and more! 

W O R LD 
W IDE travel agency 

4R3 lyttKtt lim* 

States, as well as in other countries throughout the world, Dutch officials are telling their people to conserve energy. 
The 45-cent adhesive has been issued in con­ nection with the coming election of the Second 
Chamber of the State 
General, scheduled for 
May 25. Featured on the stamp is part of a ballot box with pencil pointing to it. 
The U.S. Postal Ser­ vice says the 9-eent 
Freedom to .Assemble stamp, in the upper left corner of the pane in the new $1 vending machine stam p booklet issued 
March ll, is sligh tly smaller than the original version issued in sheet and coil form. 
The reduction was ne­ cessary to conform to the booklet pane size and a new master die was en­ graved by the Bureau of 
Printing and Engraving for this purpose. aaI 

 i n 
Trust Trailways ■ to take your vacation seriously, so you can take it easy. 
TYailways knows w hat makes a great es- 
■ 

 corted tour — a professionally planned itinerary, - outstanding accommodations, and a friendly, knowledgeable escort. TYust 
■ 

TYailways. We’re the travel experts. 
□ N atchez Pilgrim age. E vangelin e 
C ountry— 6 days. March 21. Includes New 
Orleans, antebellum homes. 
□ W ashington, W illiam sburg & the South 
— 17 days. April 2. F eatures Disney World, 
Charleston, Williamsburg, Washington. 
□ P acific N orthw est/C anadian R ockies— 
22 days. Four summer departures. 
Highlights Banff, Vacouver, Grand Tetons. 
□ M exico— 14 days. Monthly departures. 
Includes Mexico City, Acapulco, Taxco. 
□ W estern T reasures— 19 days. June ll; 
July 3o. Features Yosemite, San Francisco, 
Disneyland. 
□ Eastern C anada'N ew E n glan d— 
22 days. June ll; July 16. Highlights 
Thousand Islands, Montreal, Quebec. 
□ Yellowstone,T ete o s B lack H ills— l l days. June 25; July 3o. Includes 
Mi. Rushmere, Royal Gorge, Aspen. 
□ N ova S cotia— 22 days. July 23 Features 
Halifax, Bar Harbor, New England. 

□ Ozark/Smoky M ountain Autum n — 
9 days. October 15 Features fall tollage, bluegrass country, Grand Ole Opry. 

□ N ew England E astern C anada — 
June ll; July 2 & 23. Includes Jamestown, 
Mount Vernon, Stat ue of Liberty. 

Check the tours that interest you and mail with this coupon to the address below. 
NAME ________________________________ 
ADDRESS_____________________________ 
CITY ___ 

B 
IIIII 
II 
II 

I■ 
I 

STATE 
ZIP 
I'o n ta c l your T ravel Agent or 
Trailways 

A gent o f I o n ti m enial TYailv* a lYiivei B ur 
3o1 Broadway 
San Antonio, TX 782o5 
(512) 226-3o53 

British selling haunted castles 

“ Oh, to be in England 
“ Now that 
April’s there.” 
Actually, England's still thaw ing out in April. 
(Weather this noon: Chill 
48 degrees with gloomy clouds.) But the English are not intimidated by thermometers. They go by the calendar. By the poetry of Robert Brown­ ing. 
Bicycles and shorts. 
Chapped knees and goose pimples. 
“ Lovely day, what.'” 
“ Oh, right! 
Simply grand!” 
At Henley-on-Thames, rowing skiffs skim the water. Frozen youths at the oars. Thin cotton shorts and singlets. (A 
T-shirt without the half sleeves.) THAT S what 
England s like in April. 
At this time of the blooming year, the 
Department of the En­ vironment issues its book of dreams: 
Historic buildings you can BUY. 
Stone castles with lonely dungeons. Haunted man­ or houses. Redundant churches and tilting gra- 

Around the World 

By STAN DELAPLANE 
\ ('stones. A 15th century jail which can be moder­ nized. (Maybe not Alca­ traz, but you could make it cozy.) 
I asked an Englishman about this — (Member of 
Parliament, no less) — who said: 
“ You see, England has a glut of historical build­ ings. The Romans built on top of the Celts. Sax­ ons andDanish Vikings built in Britain. The 
Normans built on top of them. 
“ Even Conrad Hilton built his hotel so that the top floor looked down into the breakfast room at 
Buckingham Palace. 
“ Now most of these historic buildings re­ quire work. They were built before garbage dis­ posals. Before flush toi­ lets. Towns were pro­ tected by moats. Anyth­ ing lying around, it was 
‘Chuck it in the ditch. 
Mother.” ’ 

One that captures me is Hinton Priory, Hinton 
Charterhouse. 
Near 
Bath, Avon. Built in 1232 by the Countess of Salis­ bury. Capped gables. 
Mullion windows. Arch fireplaces. Oak stair­ cases. 
“ Grade I, " says the listing. Practically ready to move in: $198,ooo. 
The Countess was the widow of William Lon- gespee. I looked it up in 
Salisbury. William was the bastard son of Henry 
II and a local cupcake name of Fair Rosamund. 
Became Earl of Salis­ bury. 
Now if you owned that scatter, you’d never run out of dinner conversa­ tion. 
“ I am flying with my two children — one year and two-and-a-half — to join my husband in Ger­ many. Any suggestions w hat I should take on the plane?” 
HAWAII ’77... FEEL THE MAGIC 
Hawaiian Hospitality Tours 
*489 

Total price from 

San Antonio 
I , 

• Frequent one week and two week tours available 
• Featuring group travel rates with individual attention. 
• Choose one week (one or three islands) or two weeks (four islands) 
• Choice of famous hotels 
• Price includes Braniff 747 non-stop from Dallas/Ft. Worth and connecting flight from your city, 

See your travel agent for ail Trade Wind Tours to Hawaii, Mexico and the Orient. 

TRADE {BIND TOURS OF HAWAII 

CARIBBEAN CRUISE 

 the*1 Port of Corpus Christi 

7 GAYS CRUISE CALLING AT: 
PLAYA del CARMEN/COZUMEL 
& MONTEGO BAY, JAMAICA 
June 3 thru IO 
Cruise The Newest Ship Afloat: 
M/S KAZAKH STAN 

16,6oo tons and built in Finland in 1976, registered in the U.S.S.R., the 
M/S KAZAKH STAN meets all International Safety Standards for new ships developed in 196o and the 1966 Fire Safety Requirements. LIMITED 
CABIN SPACE AVAILABLE 

P R I C E S 
BDftM 
CALL 1-512-855-3351 r K w m for Reservations & Brochures or 
$465 to 
CAU YOUR TRAVEL AGENT 
$96o Per Person Based On Double Occupancy Plus Port Taxes 

FOR INFORMATION ANO BOOKINGS ON THE 
JUNE 3rd M/S KAZAKHSTAN CRUISE FROM 
CORPUS CHRISTI y » 11 
Edwards Travel Services 
L A L L 543o Fredericksburg Rd. San Antonio 3493751 

Better take E V E R ­ 
YTHING: Milk in bottles 
— the stewardess will warm them. Disposable diapers. Canned baby food. I ve hauled four kids around the world — from two months old to 
15. I became an expert. 
Airlines TRY to have these things aboard. But ground crews forget so­ mething. Take everyth­ ing. And you won’t Ik- in a jam 35,ooo feet up. 
Planes I rode had cribs that clipped into the bulkhead. You could re­ quest those seats when you buy your ticket. (Re­ peat request at airport.) 

Fortunately, little chil­ dren sleep like dolls on airplanes. Between two months and two years, my daughter crossed the 
Atlantic eight times. Had a United Air 1oo.ooo 

 lim n Hying plaque. 
Never woke up except to eat. 
-. . . flying to England with our sons. eight and ten . . .” 
Most lines carry games for kids. (At that age, a card game called “ Fish” keeps them busy for hours.) 
At 8. my younger son developed an embarrass­ ing problem of upchuck­ ing. NOT on the plane, mind you. He waited un­ til we were in the long line going through cus­ toms. 
He gave a one-minute warning though. 
He turned slightly green. I solved this by having him wear cheap cow boy hats. 
When the green tinge ap­ peared, I shoved the hat under his chin. flushed him to the nearest bathroom. 

(Never quite made it 
But you can throw the hat away.) 
Small problem in Eng­ land: The coziest lunches on English roads are 

 served in pubs. No kids allowed in pubs. 
Look for restaurants or hotels with sign “ Fully 
Licensed." Dining room serves food AND drinks. 

K l J IHI P E 

C H A H T E R S 

LOW COST 
SUMMER CHARTERS 

MAKE RESERVATIONS NOW! 
FOR INFORMATION ON AU CHARTERS 

CALL (51 2) 828-81o1 

W « r id T u ll v e t 

C e n t e r 
53o8 BROADWAY 

SAN ANTONIO, TEXAS 782o9 
828-81o1 

 o il 736.4691 

MEXICO 
FIESTA 

 from $539 

San Antonio 

Departure 

Go with AAA on a 9-day escorted tour which features one of North 
America’s most dramatic train rides. 
Visit Chihuahua City, Los Mochis, 
Mazatlan and Guadalajara. Price includes transportation, hotels, sightseeing and most meals. Two departures, May I and Oct. 28. 

W O R L D 
W ID E travel agency 

323 SPENCER LANE 

* 
2 
1 
9 
Including 

ROUNDTRiP AIRFARE, DELUXE HOTEL, 
TRANSFERS, 
B A G G A G E 
HANDLING, 

TIPS & TAXES. 
Sa fa ri world Ira vet 
J 
•MU) V.F.. 
I HK 
Son Antonio. Tmh* 7H'J1W 

FOR INFORMATION CALL (51 2) 828-5629 

I 
PLEASE SEND ME MORE INFORMATION. 
(EN) 
| Name --------------------------- ---- 

■ Address------------ — —-- 
— 
J C ity------------------- 
% State------------------ 
Zip 

Express-News Want Ads 225-1666= 

Am en* .in K p tc w C 'n m jM n Y . It3?6 
Going to Europe? 
Lose the group, but not the group rate. 

American Express will show you how. 

Rome/ Florence/ Venice 
15 Days, *828.-$1o48. 

Airfare extra. American Express shows you 
Italy. First-class or superior tourist hotels for 
11 nights. Special discounts in Rome, the artistry of Florence, Venice. Daily 
Continental breakfast. Rates per person, double occupancy. 

 r 
$ 
$ 
$ 
$ 
$ 
$ 
$ i 
$ 

 i 

 kRENNERT WORLD TRAVEL INC. 
IM * MOK IM if At MAU 
SAM ANfOMtO DIAS TM I* 

Send me more information on: 

Vac an, 

Name 

AJJtcu, Ctty. Start 

Zip 

I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
J 

EXPRESS-NEWS SUNDAY MAGAZINE-Apr. 17,1977 
PAGE 7 

N e w gadgets 

 keep clicking 

 onto m arket 

Your old camera getting you down? 
Don’t feel so all alone. 
Everytime a new system is intro­ duced my palms get sweaty, fingers get nervous and I take long series of cold showers. 
P hotographers, as a group react to a new cam era design like a hypochondriac w atching a headache com m ercial. A new piece of equip­ ment is the only fix in town. 
Two weeks ago Express-News photographer 
Buster Dean traded his Nikon equipm ent in on two Leiea SLs and a set of lenses. The ripples are still running through the departm ent. 
I want a . . . I’m going to get . . . “ Hello! May 
I speak to the bank president?” 

IF I WERE RICH, I WOULD BE POOR. 
When an am ateur m eets a professional, one question he is sure to ask is “ What cam era do you use?" As though this were the ultim ate quiz and the an sw er would d e te rm in e th e p ro ’s worth. 
What do they expect? 
I'm tem pted to whip out my tru sty Pocket 
Jnstam atie and tell them that the Hasselblad is just for show but I take my serious pictures with this. He he! 
I'm not sure, but someone once said that the p h o to g ra p h e r is m ore im p o rta n t th a n th e equipm ent he uses. 
Edward Weston used an 8 x IO view cam era. I hope I’m not expected to tote one of those a r­ ound. Im agine shooting Night in Old Sun An­ tonio with a view cam era. I would definitely find a new profession. 

" PO RTRAIT OF VALORIE” was shot it Uh some o f the least sophisticated equipment avai­ lable — a 1956 m odel Fashion twin lens. 
Columnist Jones bought the camera third-hand fo r about $25. Though it leas in rough condi­ tion, the old twin lens came through and is still used now and again. 

PAGE 8 fXPRESS-NEWS SUNDAY MAGAZINE—-Apr. 17, 1977 

Photo Tips 

LAST WEEK I DROPPED by Studers and 
Jim Houston pulled out som e brochures on the new Nikon EM. This little cam era is about the sam e size as the Olympus OM-2 Im m ediately my palm s began to sweat. I knew I needed a fix. 

Then I found that the new Nikon was not the im m ediate successor to my Nikon P i. Al least three m odels had been introduced since I got my 1971 model. 
C am era Buyers Anonymous had been on the job protecting me from the devastating urge. 
Photographic technology is m oving (I'm not sure in w hat direction) at a pace that leaves 
Future Shock in yesterday. 
To keep your equipm ent current you would have to scrap and replace some part of it every week. 
O m ega has recen tly m ad e my D2VXL e n ­ la rg e r, once the p rid e and g lo ry of the top professional labs, obsolete. 
Norde has introduced a sm all lab processor for print and film developing that is the first cousin to HAL. The com puterized do-it-all is so inexpensive, as these things go. that all real w anters will be clawing for their loan form s bul so expensive that few budgets have that m uch slack. 

EACH NEW COLOR HEAD and each new color analyzer m akes the one-introduced last month as eum bersom and obsolete as a tricer- otop. But, no, they don’t m ake adaptable parts to update the old parts. You have to buy a new system or at least a new gizmo. Place the old in a trash can, behind your ear or try to sell it in 
Shutterbug. 
Do you recall the much heralded 4.5 cm x 8 cm perfect form al cam eras that flooded last y ear’s cam era m arket? They were expected to replace both the 35 nim system s and the m e­ dium form al 2 k4 x 2 14 system s. 
Well, look again. 
They are not as fast and easy to use as a 
35mm. They also will not do som e of the things a m edium form at cam eras will do. lf they actually replaced both system s they would be cheap at alm ost any price but in rea­ lity the w orking professional needs all three system s. 
S o m etim es you need th e stro b e sn y ern g , mid-roll film changing, scientific accuracy of a 
H asselblad. Som etim es you need a fast handling cam era hooked to a 1ooomm lens shooting seven fram es per second. 

CAMERA JUNKIES KNOW how to keep the m onkies riding high. 
I have my own m ethodone kit that I keep handy for these shakes. As honestly as possible 
I ask m yself, "A m I taking the best pictures I can with the equipm ent I have?” 
Probably not. 
A quick glance through the Life L ibrary of 
Photography will convince m e that great things can be done with less than I generally tote on everyday assig n m en ts. C reativ ity is not so­ m ething you buy in a cam era store. 
Creativity is som ething you have inside. The cam era is a way of letting it out. 
O ccasio n a lly th is o u tle t g e ts blocked or clogged up and a new piece of equipm ent will help clean the passage. If that is the case, by all m eans buy. 
How m uch is creativity w orth? Can it com ­ pare to the m inor expense of a new piece of equipm ent? I don’t think so. 
B uster Dean has been in the darkroom late hours lately with a new vigor and interest in photography. The p ictu res he is tu rn in g out m ight well have been m ade with his old system but the creativity has been given a new passage. 

Sensurround: 

N ot seeing w hat you get 

Bv ALJEAN HARM ETZ 
N E W VORK TIMES SERVICE 

HOLLYW OOD 
- 
“ H ide it in 
Sensurround,” the advertisem ents will say: “ 'R ollercoaster,’ a film to ride 
SENSURROUND.” 
The nam es of George Segal. Timothy 
Bottoms and Henry Fonda — the no­ minal stars of “ R ollercoaster” — will be in considerably sm aller type when the film opens in 4oo theaters on June 
IO. 
“ Sensurround is as big a star as there is in the movie business today,” say s Sid S h ein b erg , p resid en t and chief operating officer of MCA, the parent corporation of U niversal P ic­ tures. * 
Sensurround, a system of air vibra­ tions, was created at a cost of som eth­ ing less than a million dollars in 1974, lo give the audience of U niversal’s 
"E arth q u ak e” the illusion of partici­ pating in the film ’s catastrophe. 
“ E arth q u a k e,” a ra th e r ordinary disaster picture, brought the studio 
886.4 m illion in rentals. 
Last year a rath er dull war film, 
“ M idw ay,” w hich allow ed the a u ­ dience to participate in its battles via 
Sensurround, brought the studio $45 million. 

“ BOTH 
P IC T U R E S,” sa y s 
S heinberg, “ w ere m ore successful than we expected, and their success was due to Sensurround.” 
Universal is jealously protective of its popular features. 
“ We don’t want anyone to walk out of the theater saying, 
This tim e they conned m e on S ensurround.’ The day that comes, we hurt our sta r at the box office,” Sheinberg explained. 
The studio is willing to license Sen­ surround to a picture m ade by some other studio, but the term s are stiff, 
“ co m m en su rate,” says the head of 
MCA, “ with the term s asked for Steve 
McQueen or any other s ta r.” 
Dino De L a u re n tiis explored the possibility of using the process for 
“ King Kong," but begged off after he heard the price. 
The studio has also received in ­ quiries from Steve Spielberg for his 
“ Close E ncounters of the Third K ind,” 
Joseph E. Levine for "A Bridge Too 
F a r" and Francis Ford Coppola for 
“ Apocalypse Now.” 

“ I DOUBT VERY SERIOUSLY,” says Sheinberg, “ that we would have any interest in licensing ‘A Bridge Too 
F a r.’ Sensurround has already been used in a w ar film. And we don’t want to typecast our sta r.” 
Technically, the system is added to the sound track of a film during the dubbing process. 
Control signals are coded on to the sou dtrack, triggering special equip­ ment installed iii the theater. 
Each theater has one control unit, one am plifier and between ll) and 2o 
4-foot-by-4-foot speakers. 
The audience is engulfed by audible and subaudible effects. 
Air m ovem ent vibrating against the body and ears gives the audience the illusion of being in the m iddle of a battle or a rollercoaster ride. 
In ad d itio n , “ R o lle rc o a ste r” has som e special S en su rro un d m usical e ffe c ts in h ig h -m id d le - and low-frequency sound ranges. 
These effects were com posed by Lain 
Schifrin, who also com posed the pic­ tu r e ’s d ra m atic score. A se p a ra te sound crew reco rd ed S en su rro u n d sound during the p ictu re’s film ing. 
U niversal now has enough equip­ m ent to install S ensurround in 43o theaters in the United States and Can­ ada. 
B ecause the equipm ent is rem ova­ ble, any theater can bid ort new Sen­ surround pictures. 
In New York, several theaters which will be showing “ R ollercoaster,” will each pay 81,ooo for the shipm ent and installation fit equipm ent, bul no more. 
Because the cost of the process has now been somewhat am ortized, that is considerably less than the 88oo-a-week rental paid by the theaters that showed 
“ E a rth q u a k e” and “ M idw ay” first run. 
“ R ollercoaster,” which one studio executive tries to d istin g u ish from other suspense-disaster film s by say­ ing, “ It is definitely not ’G rand Hotel’ in a rollercoaster,” will play six to eight weeks in those specially equipped theaters before its release is broadened to catch the tail-end of the sum m er audience. 
E ven in th eaters w ithout S ensur­ round, “ E arthquake” and “ Midway” did well. . 
E v id en tally , once a S ensurround film is successful in first run, Univer­ sal does not need its sta r for the second run. 

With Ron 
Jones 

HENRY FONDA 
.. .sound star 

G E O R G E S E G A L 
. . .p la y in g s e c o n d 

(ft p rp>N ftP 
IFK L- r 
LJ 
|i n 

OPENING 

W E D : 
C Y R A N O 
D E 
B E R G E R A C , 
F o rt 
S a m 
H o u sto n 
P la y h o u se , 
91o 
W o rth 
Rd., 
F o rt 
S a m 
Houston, 221-2289. Com edy about a cavalier with a nose for trouble. Wed-Sat until A pr 3o. At 8:15 $2. 
S A T : 
B E A U T Y 
A N D 
T H E B E A S T , Our La d y of the Lake University. Thiry 
Aud, 434-6711. Classic chil­ dren's tole. One day only. 
At 2:15. 75 cents. 
F R !: 
T H E B L O O O Y 
M I S T E R 
H Y D E , 
St. 
M a r y 's U niversity, Contin uing Education Centai f *d, 
732-8385. Revival of m u al based on "D r. Jekyll ..md 
M r. H y d e " in benefit or 
P hi 
K a p p a 
S o ro ; 'v . 
Through 
Sat. 
8 r rn. 
$1.5o-52.5o. 

C I R R C IST THEA T IU 

A P R 
2o-23: 
B O E IN G , 
B O E IN G , Hurleauin Dinner 
Theater, 2652 H arney Rd., 
Fort 
Sam 
Houston, 
221-2186. 
C o m e d y abou t m an engaged to three girls. 
Wed-Sat through M a y 7. A 
Buffet at 7, show at 8:15. 
$6.5o-57. 
A P R 
17: 
T H E 
S H I P 
WI TH 
T H E 
F L A T 
T I R E , 
Antonian High School, 6425 
W est 
A v e n u e , 
344 9265. 
Spoof of N avy life. 3 p.m. 
A pr 18-21 at 7. $3. $8. 
A P R 23: K IN G O F T H E 
IC E C R E A M M O U N T A IN , 
S a n 
A n to n io 
F in e 
A rts 
Center, 3145 Nacogdoches, 
653-7241. 
C h ild re n ’s show with free ice cream . Each 
Sat through M a y 7. At 2. 
$2-52.5o. 
A P R 17, 19-24: 
T W O 
F O R T H E S E E S A W . The 
C h u rc h T h ea te r, 115o S. 
Alam o at Wickes, 224-4o85. 
Out-of-towner meets Bronx girl and it s love. Open at 
6:3o, buffet at 7, show at 
8:15; show without buffet at 
3 p.m. Sun. Tues $5.95, Wed 
& T h u r $7.95, F r i & Sat 
58.95, Sun $4 (free wine and c h e e se ). 
G ro u p ra te s available. 
R eservations required. 
A P R 
17: 
“T I N D E R 
T R E A C H E R Y , or W H E R E 
T H E R E S 
S M O K E , 
T H E R E S M O N E Y . 
M elo­ dram a Theater, H e m isF a ir 
P la z a , 224-4464. 
V ll I ia n 
O sc a r D e L a v a c a frie s to freeze San A n to n ia n s by trip lin g the price of fuel and k id n a p s M a y o r Le la 
Crockwell. Fri-Sat through 
A pr 17. F ri 8, Sat at 8:15. 
Sun at 6:15. $2 children, 
$2.5o adults. F ri & Sat at 
8:15. Fri 53.5o. Sat 54. 

AUDITIONS 

M O N - W E D : for 
M u s i c and Theater Revue, (Unti­ tled), 
H a rle q u in 
D in n e r 
Theater, 2652 H arney Rd., 
221-2186. 
F o r p ro d u ctio n 
M a y 
18-Jun ll. 
Positions are salaried. At 7. 

SU N : 
T H E 
W A L K E R - 
F O R D S IN G E R , T h ea ter for the Perform ing A rts 8 o rn , $3 pre-sale $3.5o box office. 
S U N : 
S A N 
A N T O N IO 
C O M M U N IT Y 
O R C H E S ­ 
T R A , 
Lau rie Auditorium , 
Trinity University, 736-8119. 
J u liu s 
S c h u lm a n , g u e st violinist. P ro gra m includes 
" L a G a zza L a d ra O v e r ­ tu re ,1* "U n fin is h e d S y m ­ phony No. 8," and "V io lin 
Concerto in 
E 
M in o r." 8 p.m., $2 public, $1 students at door. 
S U N : 
S A N 
A N T O N IO 
Y O U T H S Y M P H O N Y , Sun­ ken 
Gardens. 
7:3o p.m. 
Free. 
S U N : 
M A S T E R I N G 
E R S , 
A u d it o riu m , 
U T 
Health Science Center, 77o3 
Floyd Curl D rive 8 p rn 54 

SU N : 
M IC H A E L R E E D 
P IA N O 
R E C IT A L , 
T h iry 
Auditorium , Our 
Lad y of the Lake 
U niversity, 
411 
S.W. 24th Street, 434-6711. 4 p.m. Free. 

( o \ ( .ER I M ASTER of the San Antonio Sym­ phony. Julius Scliulman, will In* placing Kith lite 
I riiiitv I ni\ersitv Community Orchestra. Sri' 
Music in Vrts Calendar for details. 

W E D : U T SA S Y M P H O N ­ 
IC B A N D W IN D E N S E M ­ 
B LE , 
U T SA cam pus Som ­ brillo, 
691-455o. 
P ro g ra m includes "G e o rg e W ashing ton B rid ge ," " A Suite of 
Old A m e ric a n 
D a n c e s ," and "Concerto in C M a jo r." 
7 p.m. Free. 
T H U R S : 
P I A N O 
P E D G O G Y 
R E C IT A L , 
Palestrina Recital Hall, In­ c a rn a te 
W o rd 
C o lle g e , 
828-1261, ext. 
291. 8 p.m. 
Free. 
SU N : 
C IT Y 
C O N C E R T , 
S A 
Sym phony, 
Sunken 
Gardens. 7:3o p.m. Free. 
SUN: 
T H E 
O L D M A ID 
A N D T H E T H IE F , Boerne 
Benefit Theater, 
Boerne. 
B e ia r O p e ra 
W o rk sh o p , 
824 5447 or 1-249-38o1. $3. 
S U N : 
G A R Y 
W R I G H T and S T A R 
C A S T L E pius gu e st p e rfo rm e r s, M u n ­ icipal 
Aud, 
732-1 1o1 or 
732-81o9. Tickets at Joske's, 
Below the 
Belt, 
R e co rd 
Hole, 
Record 
Land 
56.25-S6.75. 

SU N : M A C B E T H , direct ed bv Polunski, First Uni­ tarian Church, 8o7 Berly, 
344 4695. 6:3o p.m. Call tor price. 
M O N 
& 
T U E : 
W H O ’S 
A F R A ID 
O F 
V I R G I N I A 
W O O L F , 
M u lt i- P u r p o s e 
Room, Trinity University. 7 
8. 9:3o p.m. $1.25 public. 
T U E : 
H O T T E S T 
S P O T 
IN TOW N, H A Y D E N D R Y , 
A N A T O M Y 
OF 
A 
T R IU M P H , 
A N 
A M E R ­ 
IC A N 
F A R M E R , 
T h ird 
Floor Auditorium , San A n ­ tonio M ain Library, 2o3 S. 
St. M a ry 's St. 
12:15 8. 7 p.m. Free. 
W E D : 
T H E 
M A L T E S E 
FA LC O N , directed by John 
H u sto n , 
C h a p m a n 
G raduate 
Cener, 
Trinity 
University, 
7:3o p.m., 
$1 m em bers San Antonio Film 
Society, $1.5o public. 
T H U R S 
& 
F R I : 
IS 
T H E R E 
S E X 
A F T E R 
D E A T H ? 
M u lt i- P u r p o s e 
Room, Trinity 
University. 
7 & 9:3o P m 51.25 public 
SU N : F U N N Y G IR L , In­ c a rn a te 
W o rd 
C o lle g e 
A uditoroium , 43o1 B ro a d ­ way. 7 p.m., 51, $2 public. 
N E X T SU N : 
I 
N E V E R 
SA N G FO R M Y F A T H E R , 
First Unitarian Church, 8o7 
Beryl, 344-4695. 6:3o p.m. 
Call for price. 

S U N : 
A M A Z O N A N D 
P E R U , 
A la m o H e ig h t s 
High School Aud, 226-5o1o. 
Film-lecture by Dr. Nichols 
Booth. 3 p.m. $2.75. 

M O N : F IL M A N D L E C ­ 
T U R E BY W I L L I A R D V A N 
D Y K E , 
P r o f e s s o r of theater arts. U TSA, Room 
2.o3.12 in S c ie n ce -E d u ca - tion 
B u ild in g . 
S h o w in g film s in c lu d in g 
" T h e 
R ive r," 
"T h e City," and 
"V alley Tow n," m ade by 
V an Dyke. At 2. Free. 
T U E S F R I: A N IG H T IN 
O L D 
S AN 
ANT ON IO, 
La 
Villita 5:3o 1o:3o p.m. A d ­ vance tickets 
$2.5o, gate tickets 
$3, children 
5o cents. 
N E X T SUN: K I N G WI L 
L IA M F A IR , King W illiam 
Historic 
District, 227-oo11. 
Entertainm ent, foods, art and crafts and old hom e fours. 11-6 Free except for home tour (S3.) 
S A N 
A N T O N IO 
F I N E 
A R T S 
C E N T E R , 
3145 
N a c o g d o ch e s at 
Bitters, 
653-7241. 
C la sse s in art donee, dram a, m usic, and off-loom w eaving. 
D isc o dance classes begin Tues. 
Call for information. 
T .E .A .C .H ., c la s se s in pup petry and c h ild re n 's theater. 
A lso, c h ild re n 's th e a te r an d w o r k sh o p s 
April 3o, Sat, 9-noon, Insti­ tute of T e x a n C u ltu re s, 
H e m is F a ir 
F o r in fo rm a ­ tion, call 736-3615/732-4683. 

A P R 
26: 
T H E 
M U S IC 
M A N , Theater for the P e r­ fo rm in g 
A rts. 
T o u rin g c o m p a n y m u sic a l. 
O n e night only. Tickets on sale at Joske's. $3 $9.o5. 
M A Y 
13: 
S T Y X , 
A N ­ 
G E L S and P IP E R , M u n ­ icip a l 
A u d, 
732-11o1 or 
732-81o9. 
7:3o p.m . 
56.25-56.75. 
T ic k e ts at 
Jo ske 's, 
Below the 
Belt, 
Record Land, Record Hole. 

OPENING 

S U N : 
T E X A S 
T R A IL S 

DISCO 
D an ce le sso n s 
6 W e e k s course 
Tues. 7 -8 p.m. 
Starting April 19th 
653-7241 
San Antonio Fine Arts Center, Inc. 
3145 N acogdoches at Bitters in MacArthur Plaza Shopping Center 

G A L L E R Y , 245 S. B road way, 227 1541. Fiesta E x ­ hibit of various artists. One day only. Free. 
T H U R : 
S O U T H W E S T 
C R A F T 
C E N T E R 
U R 
5 U L IN E 
G A L L E R Y , 
3oo 
Augusta, 
224-1848. 
W o rks bv som e 35 artist-cra fts- men teaching at SW C C and by students at the center. 
Through Sat. Call for times. 
Free. 
N E X T 
S U N : 
JO H N S O N 
C IT Y 
A R T 
G U IL D , 
City 
Park, H ighw ay 29o, John­ son City. 1o-6 Free. 

Cl BRENT EX II I BITS 

A R T & 
F R A M E 
M A R T 
No. I, 83o2 Broadw ay. E x ­ hibit of work by Lone Bell and T ravis Keese. M on-Sat 
1o-6 . 
A R T & 
F R A M E 
M A R T 
No. 2, 67o North Star Mall. 
Oils by Hazel M a sse y. Joe 
Peacock, Jose V ives-Atsar- a and Alberto M exa. Mon- 
Sat 1o-6. 
A R T IS A N ’S A L L E Y , 555 
Bitters Road. M arketplace of o ve r 
2o sh o p s w ith professional artists and/or craftsm e n in resid en ce . 
Tues-Sat. 1o-5:3o, Sun 1-5. 
B R IG H T 
S H A W L , 
819 
Augusta. M a rion G. Irvin g de Cruz exhibit of w eavings 
& tapestry. April 15 thru 
M a y 31. 
IO a.m. - 2 p.m., 
M on-Fri. 
C L U T T E R W O O D G A L ­ 
L E R Y , 
53o9 M c C u llo u gh . 
Paintings, draw ings, photo­ grap hs 
8. limited edition g r a p h ic s by 
C h r is t in e 
Am arger, Nellie Buel, Ri c h a rd 
F ie ld e n , 
D a n n y 
G e isle r, 
D m itr i 
P e tro v , 
Jean Sariano, Sue Shields a n d 
G e o rg e 
S tu m b e rg . 
Mon-Sat 1o-6, Sun 1-5. 
C O P P IN I A C A D E M Y O F 
F IN E A R T S, 
115 M elrose 
Place. 2-5 p.m., Sat. Sun 8, 
Wed, Free. 
C O R N E R G A L L E R Y , On the 
S q u a re 
(H w y 
281), 
B lan co. 
M o r e th an 
15o original w orks by leading 
Hill Country aritsts. Daily 
1o-6, Sun 2-5. 
G A L L E R IA 3o7 
H O U S E 
OF ARTS, 3o7 H e m isF a ir 
P la z a 
W ay. 
W o rk by 
Adriel, Ardyth, Gilbert, G i­ rard, Haake, Haese, Keen- on, "L o s Scotts," M ischer, 
P o rte rfie ld , 
R o b e rts, 
T h om p so n ; oils, w a te r­ colors, acrylics, ceram ics, m a c ra m e , a n d m e ta l sculp ture. 
M o n -S a t 
12-5. 
Coll 227-o527. 
G A L L E R I E 
O F 
F I N E 
ARTS, 342 W. M a in Street, 
F re d e r ic k sb u rg . 
A rtists, artisans & craftsm en in most Media. D aily 1o-6. 
C L A S S E R S A R T G A L ­ 
L E R Y , 2121 N. M a in Ave. 
Thru April, sculpture by 
T h o m a s 
H o lla n d , 
S h e r- m alee, 
M a c k , 
C h a r le s 
Learned, 
M a ry 
Albrecht, 
Edith Baker, Ruth Litwin and Jam es Edw ard. Oils 8. w a te rc o lo rs b y 
C a la y 
M cG au gh y, Robert H a rri- 

TRAMP, TRAMP, TRAMP: 
Not m erely the first — but tho only— collection of tramp art is being shown now at the Witte Museum. 
Tramp art is the work of mostly untrained artisans . who roamed the 
American countryside from the 18HUs lo the 193os. 
A ll tram p art is contracted of chip-carved pieces of cigar, fruit and vegetable boxes with the pieces layered one upon another. There were no rules for constructing the pieces and decorations were whatever the artist could produce or find. 
The works at the Witte range from 

 a chaise lounge and chest-of-drau prs to ornamental and whimsical boxes and wall hangings. 

Chink Museums for details. 

LAST OF MASTERSINGERS: 
Roger Wagner, conductor of the 
Roger Wagner Chorale, will conduct the San Antonio Mastersingers iii its last concert of the season on Sunday. 
The concert will include Gregorian chants. Renaissance m asters and early Baroque com positions by 
Palestrina. Vittoria, Morales, Byrd, 
St hcin, Schuetz and Monteverdi. 

See Music for more details. 

 son, 
B ill 
Z o n e r, 
E .A . 
Herbes, 
L a r ry 
A nschutz, 
Betsy Hanzel, Gilbert D u ­ ran, 
Wim, 
L. 
V a n 
Dijk, 
W arren 
W oodward, 
Brian 
Donlan, Jean M a rtin and m any 
E u ro p e a n a rtists. 
W ildlife p h o to g ra p h y by 
P e r ry 
Sh a n kle , 
Jr. 
Sat 
April 3o only: 
E. Gordon 
West, watercor, sketches 8, acrylic works, Special V ig ­ nette Show ing M o n -F ri 9-6, 
Sat 9 2. 
G R A P H IC S G A L L E R Y , 
4o3 E. Com m erce. O riginal p rin ts a n d fin e a rt r e ­ productions. Contem porary a rf p osters and custom matting and fram ing of ort on paper. 11-7 M on-Thurs, 
119 F ri & Sat, noon-6 Sun. 
H E L O T E S A R T G U IL D , 
13218 
B a n d e r a 
R oa d . 
"P a in t-o u ts," w eekly art classes, arts & craft w ork­ shops, m em bers available for dem onstratons. M onthly program meeting open to public, first Tues, 7:3o p.m. 
O utdoor show /sale, first 
Sun. 
A p ril 
3o-M ay first: 
Helotes Festival A rt Show. 
Tues-Sun 1-5. 
IN S T IT U T E O F T E X A N 
C U L T U R E S , H e m is F a ir 
Plaza W ay 
In the Gallery, 
M oody H um anities E x h ib i­ tion: encapsulated glim pses of rare books, m anuscripts, art w orks, p h o to g ra p h s, an d sc h o la r ly m a t e ria ls available for rese arch at the H um anities 
R e se a rch 
Center at The U niversity of 
Texas at Austin, thru April 
16. M exican Folk A rt E x ­ hibit of pottery, w eaving and other folk ort presented to San Antonio by rep re ­ sentatives of the M e xican 
Trade Fair, April 16-June 
27. 9-5 Tues-Sun 
M C C R E L E S S 
L IB R A R Y , 
1o23 Ada Street, 532-4254. 
Exhibit of oil paintings by 
Audrey M ontgom ery, thru 
April 29. M o n -Fri 9-9, Sot 
9 6. 
M U D , On the River, 312 
See Arts, Page IO 

Singles littroduetionsAae. 

I 
SINGLES INFORMATION CHARING HOUSE 
| 
* 
Hours: Mon.-Thur: 3-7 pm., Sat.: 9om-2pm. 
* 
J S7o1 ‘B rooding. Pitmt 12 4 u n 
* 

>*»»**» t*******1***1** •**'•'**** ********** 

2222 N. ALAM O at BRO ADW AY 

LIVE...ON STAGE! lie 

J P M 
* 

A . 
* 
• 

 l l 

■ 
> 

. - f l y 
- 
' 
, r 
-rn- . 
- , • 
: * ■ 

MEREDITH WILLSON’S JOYOUS MUSICAL.., 

WITH SUCH HITS AS “ 76 TROMBONES ’ 

AND GOODNIGHT MY SOMEONE’’ 

TUESDAY, APRIL 26 
8:3o PM 

ORCH. A P 
ORCH. O X 
ORCH. Y-DD 
MEZ. A-E 
MEZ. F-K 
LOWER BAL. A G $4.5o 
UPPER BAL. H K $3.oo 

$9.5o 
$8.5o 
$7.5o 
$8.oo 
$6.5o 

TICKETS ON SALE AT JO SK E S 
DOWNTOWN AND NORTHST \R 
MALL. BOX OFFICE OPEN ALL 
DAY OF PERFORMANCE. 
Iffieatre fortljeVerformingfyArts 

EXPRESS-NEWS SUNDAY MAGAZINE— Apr, 17, 1977 
PAGE 9 

Arts Calendar 

F ro m P q g e 9 
N. Presa, Gene Elder, Le- titia Eldredge, Tracy Pos­ ton, - Steve 
H um p h re y, 
Willem Kaars-Siipesteiin, 
Robert Tiem ann, L a rry 
G raeber," R a y 
C havez, 
Lesta 
Fkank, 
11:3o-5, 
Mon-Sat. 
D A R W ELL BR AN C H L I­ 
B R A R Y , 
4134 
H a rry 
Wurzbach Road. Acrylics & w atercolors by 
Robert 
Reed thru April 3o. Mon-Fri 
9-9, Sat 9 6. 
O D Y SSE Y G A L L E R IE S , 
2222 Breezewood. Tues-Sat 
11-5. 
OLD SAN A NTO NIO E X ­ 
HIBIT, Bolivar Hall. A folk and historic museum in La 
Villita, 227-9o42. Tues-Sun 
1o-5, Free. 
P R IT C H A R D 
N O R T H 
S T A R 
G A L L E R Y , 
224 

North Star Mall. W ater­ color exhibition by Ronnie 
Wells. Daily 
1o-6, 
Thurs 
1o-9, closed Sun. 
R IV E R A RT G ROUP. 51o 
Paseo de la Villita Chang­ ing exhibit of paintings and crafts from the more than 
6oo artists of the group. 
Daily 1o-5, Sun 12-5, 
SAN ANTO NIO A RT IN 
ST IT U T E , 
6ooo 
N. 
New 
Braunfels. Student draw ­ ing, print, sculpture 
& ceramic show thru April 23. 
Student juried show, April 
29-May 2u. M F 8:3o-4:3o, 
Sat 9-noon. 
SA N A N T O N IO 
M A IN 
L IB R A R Y , 
2o3 
S. 
St. 
Mary's. Watercolor studies for designs of coronation robes, jewels, crow ns, handpieces, and glittering pageants by Farrell C. Rv- son. Mon-Fri 9-9, Sat 9-6, 

Sun 1-5. 
SA N 
A N T O N IO 
M U ­ 
S E U M OF M O D E R N ART, 
531 W. Woodlawn. Exhibi­ tion bv Gene Elder, April 
8-May I. Fri-Sun 1o-5. 
S IG O L O F F G A L L E R Y , 
St. Anthony Hotel. Robert 
Wood, Don Warren, Porfir- io Salinas, Jose Vives-At- sara, Maureen 
Tarazon, 
Rolla 
Taylor, Sharelle, 
Dalhart Windberg, Floreat 
Baecke, Fried Pal, Marcel 
Dyf, Edouard Cortez, Ruth 
Anderson, Donald Yena, 
Jim Deutsch. Mon-Sat 11-5. 
S O L 
D E L 
R IO , 
1o2o 
Townsend 
Fiesta Show of posters, w e avin gs, g r a ­ phics, paintings, ceramics, jewelry. Mon-Sat 1o-5:3o. 
S O U T H W E S T 
C R A F T 
C E N T E R G A L L E R Y , 42o 
Paseo de la Villita. 
Sat 
A p ril 
16 ooenina 
Tina 

Lobster, Lobster, Lobster 

This Sunday. Monday or Tuesday you can enjoy three lobster tails, broiled to tender, delicate perfection for only $6.95. 
Served with lemon, drawn but ter. and a fresh, hot loaf of bread. Invent your own gourmet salad from ' our salad bar and you're set to enjoy a delicious lobster dinner. 

All your favorite places in one place. 
.STEAK v-AZJj TI ▼ W? 

R E S T A U R A N T S 

2831 Northwest Loop 41o. San Antonio (512) 341-7247 
15o7 Austin Highway. San Antonio (512) 828-5689 
Reservations accepted 
: Copyright 197? Stea** and Ale of America, loc 

HERB FARM 
HERBS 

An “herb” is strictly defined as a no n -w oo d y plant that dies dow n to the ground after flow ering, but the w ider d e ­ finition is any plant which can be used m edicinally, nutri­ tionally or for seasoning, dyeing, or fragrance. Historically herbs w ere used m ost as medicines. 
There will be another free class on Saturday at 1o:oo a.m. April 23. It will be on the traditional uses of herbs in the w orld's m ost ancient cultures, focusing prim arily on the 
Oriental concepts of Yin and Y an g as they apply to herbs, diet, healing, m an and the Universe. 
Barbara and Rocco A very 

SAN ANTONIO* 

Johnson jewelry, Lawrence 
Kastor raku thru M ay 9 
April 21-24 Annual Fiesta 
Week Faculty/Student ex­ hibition and sale. 
Daily 
1o-5. 
SOUTHW IND A R T G A L ­ 
L E R Y , 4112 McCullough, 
828-4557. Continuous show­ ing of oils & watercolors by established artists from all over the world 
Wind­ berg lim ited editions, 
Robert Wood silk screens, other graphic art. Tues-Fri 
9:3o-5:45, Sat 1o-5 
TE J AS G A L L E R Y , 1o2o5 
Oasis, Suite 311. 
Texas wildflower paintings by Ann 
Carlyon Mon-Fri 1o-5, Sat by appointment, call 
344-8o15 
T R IN IT Y U N IV E R S IT Y , 
“ M anuel M a n illa : 
19th 
Century M e xica n P rin t- maker," Coates Lobby, 715 
Stadium Drive. April 4-25. 
U R S U L IN E G A L L E R Y , at the Southw est C raft 
Center, 3oo Augusta, Facul tv Student E x h ib itio n & 
Sale, April 21-24 Functional ceramics by Mike Soul, thru 
April 3o. Mon-Fri. 11-3. 
UT H E A LT H S C IE N C E 
C E N T E R , 
A u d ito riu m 
Foyer, 77o3 Floyd Curl 
D rive. 
“ Sc u lp tu re s 
& 
D ra w in g s by 
Peter 
Chang," thru April 
17. 
Works bv center Faculty, staff 8. students 
April 
21-Mav I. Mon-Fri 8 5, Sat 
8-noon, Sun 1-5. 
W E S T F A L L 
B R A N C H 

L IB R A R Y , 6111 
Rosedale 
Court, 344-2373. W a te r­ colors by 
Fin is Collins, 
Mon-Fri 9-9, Sat 9-6. 
W O N D E R L A N D 
A R T 
G A L L E R Y , 246 W onder­ land Shopping City. Jose 
V iv e s-A tsa ra , 
P o rfirio 
Salinas, Don Warren, W A 
Slau ghter, 
Sh arelle, 
Maureen T arazon , L a rry 
Prellop, Florent P Baecke, 
Roberta Sharp, Ruth A n ­ derson, 
P a u l 
B u rkle, 
Claudia Soso, Mon-Fri 1o-8, 
Sat 1o-6. 

M C N A Y 
A R T 
IN S T I­ 
TUTE, 6ooo N. New Braun­ fels, 824-5368. New ly a c ­ quired gifts on display in the 
Frost Wing. An exhibition of w orks by R u ssia n -b o rn 
Leon Bakst, thru April 17. 
47th Annual 
Exhibition by the San Antonio Art League jurored by John Canaday, retired New Y o rk T IM E S 
A rt Critic. T u e s-S a t 9-5, closed Mon. 
W ITTE M E M O R IA L M U ­ 
S E U M , 38o1 
B ro a d w a y, 
826-o647. Tram p Art exhibit of wood c a rv in g s dating from 184o, April 1-3o Dean 
Brown nature photography retrospective exhibit, April 
15 thru M a y 31. A bstract 
Expressionism show, April 
26-August. Great American 
Rodeo exhibit closes April 3. 

PAGE IO 
EXPRESS-NEWS SUNDAY M AGAZINE— Apr. 17,1977 

San Antonio 
* v . ■*!. v 
, '•'Hit. ■ 
.»»*.* 
W 
.... 
CV 
. 
, . V 
‘ ‘ • . . • ' • ' ■. 
> * ' 
’■ ., 
Symphony 
Update ... 

TODAY 3 PM 

Mastersingers 
Master Series 
ROGER WAGNER 
Guest Conductor 

UTSA Health Science Center Aud. 
Tickets: $4 

FREE CONCERTS 
“Music for the City’ 
|April 24 
7:3o pm Sunken Gardens 
HARVEY GARBER conducting! 
[April 25 
11:45 am Travis Park 
ROGER MELONE conducting 
7:3o pm Sunken Gardens 
ROGER MELONE conducting 

In cooperation with the Parks & 
Recreation Dept., City of San Antonio 

COMING ... 

April 3o/May 2 
GUIDO AJMONE MARSAN guest conductor 

May 
MAUREEN FORRESTER contralto 
FRANCOIS HUYBRECHTS guest conductor 

May 14/16 
BRYON JANIS, piano 
Call 223-5591 
Symphony Box Office 

W eekdays 9-5, w eekends 
1o-6, voluntary contribution suggested: adullts 5o cents, children under twelve 25 cents. 
SAN A NTO NIO M U S E U M 
O F T R A N S P O R T A T IO N , 
HemisFair 
Plaza 
Way, 
226-12o1. 
"The 
American 
Farm ," 
Photographic documentary from slave labor thru the Dust Bowl years, including m igran t farm workers, closing April 
17. 
Daily 
1o-6, voluntary contributions suggested: adults 5o cents, children 25 c^nts 

H I S T O R IC 
S A N A N T O N IO 

A L A M O , best know n mission, “Cradle of Texas 
Liberty," located on Alamo 
Plaza in the heart of San 
Antonio, 225-1391. Mon-Sat 
9-5:3o, Sun 1o-5:3o, free. 
B U C K H O R N 
H A L L OF 
HORNS, Lone Star Brew­ ing Com pany, 6oo Lone 
Star Blvd., 226-83o3. A vast and unique collection of horns and m em orabilia dating back to 1881. Out­ standing collection of birds, fish and marine life. Open daily, including weekends 
9:3o 5. Adults $1, children 
6-12 5o cents. Free parking. 
CASA V IL L IT A , 511 Pa seo de la Villita, former headquarters of the San 
Antonio 
C o n se rva tio n 
Society, now office of "A 
Night in Old San Antonio," sponsored by the Conser­ vation Society annually in 
April. Now operating as a 
Tourist Information Center for visitors to La Villita, phone 226-5188. 
E S P A D A 
A C E Q U IA 
AQ UEDUCT, 9o44 Espada 

Road. 
Built in 
1731 by 
Franciscans, it is the sole remaining structure of its kind in the United States. A 
N ational H isto ric L a n d ­ mark, free. 
IN ST IT U T E OF T E X A N 
C U L T U R E S , 
H e m isF a ir 
Plaza Way, 226-7651. Con­ tinuing historical displays on ethnic groups with films, m usic, slide show s, a r ­ tifacts, dome shows Tues- 
Sun 9-5, closed Mon, Free. 
Call 
Educational Service 
Dept, for guided tours. 
K IN G 
W IL L IA M 
H IS ­ 
TO RIC D IST R IC T . Neigh borhood of restored Victor­ ian and early Texas homes. 
The district begins af the corner of K ing W illiam 
Street and South St. M a ry ’s at the Anton Wulff House, headquarters of the San 
Antonio 
C o n se rva tio n 
Society. Free walking tour pamphlets available at the 
Wulff 
House, 
1o7 
King 
William. 
TH E M ISSIO N S. To tour the four missions, follow the 
M issio n 
T ra il m a rk e rs beginning at 
Roosevelt 
Avenue and Mission Road, 
Roosevelt Park. 
JOSE N A V A R R O ST A T E 
H IST O R IC 
SIT E , 
228 S. 
Laredo, home of famous 
Texas patriot, owned and maintained by Texas Parks 
& Wildlife Dept. Mon-Sun 
1o-4, adults 25 cents, chil­ dren 6-12 ten cents, chil­ dren under 6 free. Guided tours. 
O LD U R S U L IN E C O N ­ 
VENT, 3oo Augusta. Built in 1851, San Antonio's only re m a in in g exam p le of 
French architecture. Home of Southwest Craft Center 
C re ative 
A rts 
School. 
M o n -F ri 9:3o-5, visito rs welcome, free. 

SPECIAL SUNDAY FEATURE 

 includes our 

Soup & Salad 

Bar and 

Baked Potato SJM 

(special price 
Sunday only — regular menu price — $7.95) 

OPEN PROM 5 P M 
Sum os# 

111 IM W. Loop • San Antonio 
Phone: 349-24o7 

^/when only^, the very best will do 
FEATURED EVERY SUN.-MON.-TUES. 
EVENINCt 

TROUT AM ANDINE 

Bum ca 

RESTAURANT & BAR 

512/826-2371 
• E. LOOP 41o 
BANQUET and 
ARTY FACILITIES 
16 - 16o 

RED SNAPPER 
IMPERIAL 
• 

RIB EYE 
• 

FILET 

MARGARITAS 
$ 1.oo 

ALL ENTREES 
INCLUDE: SALAD, 
BAKED POTATO 
OR HERB RICE 

LUNCH 11:3o A.M. 
DINNER 5:oo P.M. 
K 

Researcher swats fairy tale violence 

By SYLVIA CARTER 

This is an age when many a parent won't let the children watch 
"S.W .A .T .” on tele­ vision, but sees nothing wrong with the good old tried and true fairy tale. 
Not Boyle Gentry of 
Duke University, though. 
When he reads to his 
5-year-old and his 
2-year-old, he ’‘sani­ tizes” as he goes along. 
And he thinks a lot of other parents would be wise to do the same. 
He changes the tales because he believes that such words as “ kill,” 
“ blood” or “hate,” and the pictures that often accompany the stories, may be harmful to chil­ dren. 
One reason that “we may be so aggressive in this country,” he says, 
“ is because we grow up being exposed to a rich diet of aggression in fairy tales, television and our folk heroes — Jesse 
Jam es, 
Bonnie and 
Clyde. John Wayne, Billy the Kid.” 
Nurtured practically from the crib on this diet, he adds, it may not 

 be any surprise that this among the most aggres­ sive nations in the world. 
His study of traditional folktales was conducted 
.several years ago, most­ ly because of his person­ al interest in the field. 
Normally, Gentry does research on psychologi­ cal aspects of health matters. 
Romantic violence 
The violence in the 
Grimm tales is portrayed in a romantic way, and it could have the same ef­ fect that cartoon violen­ ce is believed to have. 
Gentry says. 
He m entions, for instance, the wicked queen salting, cooking and eating an anim al heart that she believed had been cut from Snow 
White. Among the other widely accepted tales that trouble the Duke psychologist are “ Rum­ pelstiltskin,” “Cinderel­ la ’’ and the 
“ Frog 
Prince.” 
Of course it may not be quite so easy for the average parent to sani­ tize a story. Suppose 
“ R u mpelstiltskin” were 

THREE DARING ADVENTURERS! 

Cktvr enough to oui',’ '..in j1, mn h-oi if .1 :< fttaavA 

W A LT D IS N E Y 
MUMM* 
The 

CQFOX ~f 
C t VTR A l PARK 

'P O O H 
• T H l f v i 

W NO AY 
MONDAY 
" • 
12:3o-3:4o 7:1o 
M O 
I S " 1:45 -5:o o -8:2o 
8:2o 

• T M I iV E S ” 12 45 4 15 7:45 
'P O O H 
2:45 6.15 9 -.4 S 

'Hurtle Creek 
Presents in the beautiful 
C elebrity S tage Ballroom 

Anne Murray & 
Kenny Rogers 

TOGETHER--! HE GREATEST TWIN 
BILL EVER OFFERED ON ASAN 
ANTONIO STAGE. 
Wed. thru Sat. April 27, 28, 29 & 3o 
TWO SHOWS NIGHTLY 7:3o & IO P.M. 
$1o.oo per person. Call 696-56oo for Reserva­ tions or stop by Turtle Creek and choose your own table. All Seats reserved. 
Ask about the new Celebrity-Social Member­ ship Plan. As a new member you get free tickets to two big shows, and discounts to other shows. Plus many other exciting mem­ bership extras. 
Plan a complete evening: Enjoy dinner from a special “Show Time” menu and dancing to two bands after the show. 
______ 
Hurtle Creek 
Country Club 

383o Parkdale 

 cleaned up, for instance. 
The greedy king locks the girl in the tower and says: “ Now spin. If you do not spin all this straw into gold by morning you will be laid off.” 
Gentry advises getting around this by dropping offensive lines, softening the language or, if ne­ cessary. merely avoiding those tales that teach the wrong values. In his study at Duke, Gentry defined aggression as 
“an act which is transi­ tive in nature, one person 

 doing som ething to an­ other, which involves the delivery of insult, threat, pain, injury, death or destruction.” 
What he found was this: First, he started by picking a handful of Ja­ panese, 
Indian rfnd 
Grimm brothers fairy tales (while the Grimms were 
G erm an, their stories are the most often read in the United States, 
Gentry notes). Six tales from each country were studied, and he found that there was at least 

 one act of aggression in each of the Grimm and 
Indian tales studied and one in half of the Japan­ ese ones. 
Grimm grim 
But when he averaged out his findings, the to­ tals were intriguing. In the typical Grimm tales that American children favor, there were roughly four aggressive acts per story; there were two in each Indian tale and an average of only one in the 
Japanese tales. 

That numerical break- down is by no means conclusive, he points out, but since Grimm’s tales 
“ do account for our country’s exposure to fairy tales,” Gentry says, more studies are needed to actually show whether or not they are harmful. 
On the other side of the argument is the eminent therapist, Bruno Bettle- heim, who puts it best in his recent book, “ The 
Uses of Enchantment.” 
He argues that fairy tales reflect “ some aspect of 
Gem s, detente and triad 

Bv JIM PRICE 
Diamonds, detente and a love triangle combine to show man at his most savage manner. 
And THREE POTATO, 
FOUR (Coward, McCann 

& Geoghegan, Inc.; $8.95) by Wilfred Greatorex al­ most turns off a reader — because his spy thriller 

 makes man look at man. 
♦And the resulting look is 

BRING ME CHURCHILL" 
Adolph Hitler 

 bi three days they almost won the War. 

BARGAIN 
MAT. DAILY 
Till 1:3o PM 

 pc; 
EXCLUSIVE 
12:2o-2:4o-5:oo 
7:2o-9:4o 

HAS LAMO! 
I * ■ 
-? WfrSKWJrtlEVT 

G E N C HAL C H E E M A C O R P O R A T I O N 
N O R T H S T A R 
3 4 2 - 9 3 o 4 

P re se n ts gm 

♦ i 

• s p c u . u g u e s t - 

BLACKFOOT 

 t i ^ ^ 
A M ) I M R O D I I IM . w 
V \ v i 
I 
^ 
7 ; S I ARC. AS TLI p 
H o V i S U N D A Y 
APRIL : 4 , 
- JUPM 
I m n K N iiffilW 

Tickets: Joske’s, Below the Bell. 
Recordlaiid. Record Holes, 
San Marcos: Discoveryy 
Austin: Inner Sanctum 

COMING!!! 

San Antonio 
Municipal Auditorium 

 not a pleasant look. 
Man is still an animal when it comes to love for a woman. He will sacri­ fice anything, including another man, to hold his woman. 
Although in this liber­ ated age, woman may not share such a view or re­ lationship. 
But that is but a por­ tion of Greatorex’s s e ­ cond novel of a Russian 
KGB agent’s escape to 
England with more than 
$5oo,ooo in uncut diamonds. 
The escape occurs dur­ ing a Helsinki summ it 
^conference. 
Is agent Pavel’s defec­ 

 tion sincere or is he part of a KGB scheme to des­ troy detente and cripple the free world’s diamond industry by releasing huge quantities of dia­ monds on the open market? 
B ritish intelligence agent Calder is assigned to find out. But he’d rather be with his sexy girlfriend, Galina, also a 
Russian defector. 
When Calder is pulled off the case to enlist the aid of Galina to find nut 
P a v el’s goal, the love triangle is created. 
And it doesn’t end be­ fore several chases through London, various assassination attempts and shoot outs. 
I f s an interesting, readable novel, but it certainly .m akes m an­ kind, detente and broth­ erhood look bad. 

 our inner world” and can be useful in helping chil­ dren grow through con­ flicts that are set a bit apart from themselves, in a never-never land. 
Sex education 
“ The 
Frog K ing,” 
Bettk'heim says, may bt* more helpful than modern sex education in its "understanding that the child may find sex disgusting and that its viewpoint has an impor­ tant protective function for the child.” 
This, Gentry says, is the -“ traditional psy­ choanalytic viewpoint.” 
Social psychologists like 
Gentry argue, on the other hand, that the child may actually pick up be­ havior patterns from such sources. 
As his survey contin­ ued, Gentry says, he rea­ lized that it wasn't only the bud guys who were doing bad. Just as many a ggressive acts were performed by the good guys. 
“ We may be teaching that one way of resolving conflict is to strike out” at others, he says, be­ cause the stories suggest that “the odds are great that nothing will happen to you or that something good will . . . I believe you can teach moral de­ velopment without teach­ ing violence as a conflict resolution.” 
Meanwhile, as a prac­ ticing psychologist, he’s not buying any more for his own two children. 
Old W est returns 

By BILL CUNNINGHAM 

Mangus Colorado, a fierce Apache warrior, is given a new character by 
Paul King in HERM ANA 
SAM (Coward, McCann 
& Geoghegan: $8.95), a novel of the West just after the United States took possession. 
In King’s novel Man­ gus is the mighty war­ rior who gives up his life 

 so that his wife can re­ turn with clear cons­ cience to the civilized world and help many with her medical skill. 

The wife is a nun sent to Santo Fe as a nurse. 
The nun saves the life of the warrior to start the love story. At his side. she learns to be crafty against enemies, cager to learn of Apache ways 

 and a good wife and mother. 
There are colorful characters such as the stage driver, the woman bar owner, the priest and the nursing partner of the heroine. 
Title of the book comes from the heroine named 
Samantha, and the translation of Sister Sam as the num to the Span­ ish Hermann Sam. 

ACADEMY AWARD WINNER 
BEST. PICTURE 

Produced by IRWIN W INKLER and ROBERT CHARTOFF s 
V BMMArtNti 
BEST 
DIRECTOR 
JOHN G AVILDSEN 
MMB ■ ■ rn rn 
BEST FILM 
EDITING 
ROCKY 

NG 
MW rn Mf JU 9H 3 3; I w® Hi 

..MMOtfwrM 
EXCLUSIVE s 
. . 
(M O N D A Y FRIDAY I 
15 3o-7:45-IO OOP ll 
- N O W - 
S H O W IN G ! 
HO OAiGAIN MAI. 
OS FASCES 
NEW LAUREL 
231o SAN PEDRO • 736-4551 

EXPRESS-NEWS SUNDAY MAGAZINE— Apr. 17, 1977 
PAGE ll 

CLINT 
EASTWOOD 

ENFORCER / HO " STREET 

 r m 
\ u p ** 
THE SU P P ER A N D THE R O S E — 
Richard 
Cham berlain and G e m m a Craven are stars o f m usical based on fairy tale of Cinderella at the N orth w est Six. 
________________ 

$1.25 
ORGAIN Tit 
2:oo P.M. 
EVERY PAY 

 f ARK H IH AU DAY 
ACROSS STREET 
SAT 'SUN — WEEKDAYS 
After s jo a m 
ALAMO BANK GARAGE 

K R i $ t O # £ R S O n s tR O s m a 

A IR PO R T ’77 — Lee Grant and Christopher 
Lee are tw o passe n ge rs trapped on a sunken airplane in film at the 
N orth w e st 
Six, 
Broad w ay and Century South. 

THE D O M IN O PR IN C IPLE— 
Mickey t.'oney and Gene Hackman star in suspense film at the North Star Cinema. 
“ ‘BLACK SUNDAY9 IS ALREADY THE 
SCREEN S NEWEST RUNAWAY SMASH! 
IT IS A TRIUMPH. IN A CLASS BY IT­ 
SELF!” 
- A F * REED, NEW YORK DAILY NEWS 

“ ‘BLACK SUNDAY’ IS A FILM YOU SHOULDN’T 
MISS! We predict it will be under considera­ tion when next year’s Academy Awards roll around. It’s a ten nail biter which leaves the audience exhausted after two hours of sheer suspense!” 

-RONA BARRETT, ABC-TV 

\ * FREE-FREE * 
RECORD— ‘EVERGREEN’ 
PAPER BACK 
“ STAR IS BORN" 
FOR T K ERST 
15o PEOPLE DANT! 

 r u s r ^ r ^ ^ T i ^ T s , T^i,E,ATpr it ut 

, 
WIMWOA A A U MAIA 
I 
J J c o lo r j V 
J Q 
Q 
E 9 an EPK fantasy IN WONDROUS o 

“ENFORCER” 
11:oo-2:4o-6:2o-1o:oo 
"A C R O SS" 
I. 
12:5o-4:3o-8: IO 

UNTIL 1:3o 
ALL SEATS $1.25 

 lf you steal $3oo,ooo 

 from the mob, 

 it's not robbery. 

It's suicide. 

 a 
1 :4 5 4 :2 5 7 :o 5 9 :4 5 \ 
12:45 2:3o 4:15 
\ , „ 
, , _ 
_ 
, I 
6:oo 7:45 9:3o 
| 
It Could B e Tomorrow! d 
o “ BLACK SU N D A Y ” o 
A VISION OF THE WORLD, 
1o MILLION YEARS IN THE 
1:15 3:151 future, w h ere eizar d s 
{ U 
M 
5:15 7:15 ’ RULE THE EARTH. 
9:15 
o 

6 
C LIN T IA S T W O O O 
. . . . . . . . . . 
1 
_ 
E J m.4 
A RALPH BAKSHI ULM 
WIZARDS 
BONNIE I 
COLOR 
P C 
^ 
J 
CUTOE j 
THEY AINT. 
K 
/ 
STARRING 
o 
S 
GEORGE 
JANE 
I 
SEGAL 
IN 
FONDA o 
A 
FU N WITH I 
JO DICK& JANE”! 

THE FIRST 4oo PEOPLE EN o 

-5n n 
T E R IN G 
T H E 
T H EA T R E * 
9:35 
ToDAY W|LL RtCE(VE fRE£ | 

THEIR 
CHOICE $ 

oF 
,H t PAPtR 
^ 
BACK n o v e l a J 

STAR IS BORN J 
S o Io 
oR A 45 RPM i 
' VJ y u j rn record of ev- J 
WMk r U ergreln." 

SPIRIT" 11:oo-1:5o-4:4o-7:3o-1o:1o 
‘ SORORITY'' 12 25-3 15-6o5-8:55 

o 
THE CB BATTIE CRY d 
Of THE GREAT TRUCKERS 
5 
- - s k n WAR! 
Param ount Pictures Presents a Robert Evans production a John Frankenheimer film 

 starring Robert Shaw. Bruce Dem . Marthe Keller "Black Sunday” co-starring Fritz Weaver 

 and Bekim fehm iu. Music Scored by John Williams. Director of Photography John A . Alonzo. 

A .S .C ., Executive Producer Robert I Rosen. Based on the Novel by Thomas Harris. 

Screenplay by Ernest Lehm an. Kenneth Ross and b n M offat. Produced by Robert Evans. 

Directed by John Frankenheimer. Services by Connaught Productions In Color [ j j j T 

[K f i r e m c l S ^ I Read tne Banian- pape'back Panavision' A Param ount Picture ; j p f v $ 
ZUL. NO BARGAIN MATINEE l‘ - ^ V 

SOO T E A R S IN T H E M A K IN G 

2nd Feature1 

THE FUNNIEST NEW COMEDY 

V S r n * . . in ' 
C O LO * 
COLOR 

A D U LT S O N LY 

PAGE 12 
EXPRESS-NEWS SUNDAY MAGAZINE— Apr. 17, 1977 

WIZARDS— 
Ralph B a k sh is futuristic anim ated cartoon is show ing 

 at the UA Cine Cinco. 

NOW PLAYING! 
AT BOTH THEATRES 
FOX CENTRAL PARK 
SATURDAY & SU NDAY 
1:1o-3:2o-5:3o-7:45-9:55 
M O N . THRU THUR.— 7:45-9:55 

UA MOVIES 4 
FEATURES 
I 2:3o-2:4o-4:55-7:2o-9:45 
HAPPY HOUR DAILY UNTIL 1:3o 

UPROARIOUS.Justy entertainment.” 

BobThomas, ASSOCIATED PRESS 

PUHI. 
NEWMAN 

A GEORGE ROY HILL FILTH 
SLAP 
SHOT 

Sylvia’s nightmare 

NEW YORK - “Am I getting to bt* a household w o rd ?” asked Sylvia 
Miles, as she looked out from under her camel- colored hat and twirled a silver giraffe that hung from her neck and over her vest. 
Sexy Sylvia, a c h a r ­ acter who denies she’s a character, is nettled that she seems to be getting b etter known for her ubiquity than for her acting which has been often acclaimed. “It isn’t fair,” she says. “ I don’t 

 go to that many parties and openings. Why do they pick on me? They don't say that about 
.jackie Onassis!” 
Here she is now, surely one of T ennessee Wil­ liams’ favorite stage ac­ tresses, with 14 movies behind her, always look­ ing for another challeng­ ing role, and she can’t get away from her repu­ tation for party-going. 
• The thing’s got to be a nightmare,” groans Syl- v ia. .She had once said that puppeteer Wayland 

Flow ers’ puppet, “ Ma­ d a m ,” w asn ’t very fe­ mme. Madam retorted, 
“ T h a t’s Sylvia Miles! 
She d go to the opening of an envelope.” 
“For four months I didn’t go to parlies while 
I was doing ‘Night of the 
Iguana.’ I went to a gro­ cery and the grocer said, 
‘You’re everywhere. 
You're even in my store.’ 
“ I hailed a cab, the driver said, ‘What party you going to tonight?’ I was going to work. I walk down 57th St., they re­ 

 m em b er me as the hooker in 
‘Midnight 
Cowboy.’ “ T here’s Syl­ via. She’s everywhere. 
“ Everybody else is the same place I am. Other­ wise they wouldn’t know 
I was there. 
“ Like Tammy Grimes is hunting for a husband. 
I’m looking for a p a r t. . . 
I’m going for parts un­ known,” Sylvia explains. 
“The other night I had dinner with Tennessee al 
Bill Barnes’, the agent. 
Tennessee wants me to 

A haunting vision of reincamadbn based on the best-selling novel *! 

Iy 
JL 

 t i 
.•i'rA 

* 

BORIN 1959 * DIED 1964 • BORIN 1964 

* a ROBERT WISE 
I 

, ,, MARSHA MASON 
JOHN BECK 

 d> FRANK DE FEI ITTA 

 p 
JOE WIZ AN DIFRANK ( 
Mush. tty Wll.nAfI SMA!I • PAWM'JUN* • P 

P G 

AUDREY ROSE" 
I ANTHONY HOPKINS 
; SUSAN SWIFT hi«v 
• & nms on (fie novel ny I "onh De f et'Ho 
DL FfLlTTA • Onsted By ROBER! WISE hitiCfwSwveeSDt Ruch I. onH)tlny fhyshy Bi:gnt 

U nited A rtists 

 ll n il 

I 
— - E w riw i in im 

1 : 3 o - 3 : 3 5 - 5 : 4 o 

7 :4 5 - 9 : 5 o 

H W Mil. o. af IM i s Sa. 
934-6SSI I 

1 :o o - 3 : 1 5 - 5 : 3 o 
I 

7 :4 5 - 1 o : o o 
| 

> 1 1 
SI 

M W MA JO* 
M o m * 
% 
PtCTVRiS HOO! 
THEATRES OF SAN ANTONIO 

I I SIY I I S \ l I 

“ 
1925 PAT BOOKER RO. 
12:oo-2:3o-5:oo-7:3o-1o:oo 
KIDS $1 OO ALWAYS— ADULTS $1 OO TH VOO, AFTER 5 oo. $1,5o 

I t W Y 

IS S E HOUSTON 227-2338 

■ • Co-*o(o*9 m tCHfia O N T KE AN • LINDSAY CROUSE 
JENNIFER WOMEN • JERRY HOUSER and STROTHER (TlfiRTIN 
CERT AIN 'ISn CUPGE WOY BE T O O S IR Q n C, fQ * CHIlDREn 

 l l U WY 4 ( ll 11 H S II I V S 

 snow/nc me et*esr%sn 
(Exdrr un,v«sm 
AU NEW UNCUT A M T HLMSX 
RATED 

11 OO A M DAILY 

I I S I M I W i l l 

“ 1425 FAT BOOKER RO 658-5375 

11 OO-12:5o-2:4o 
4:3o-6:2o-8:1o-1o:oo 
“FANTASM” 
(WORLD OF 
SEXUAL 
FANTASY) 
(X) 
, 

TH I L l I H S ll 
MANNEQUIN 11:oo-2.1o-5:2o-8 3o^ 
__________________ 221 IMAGE 12.35-3 45 4 55 ‘oo5 
BROUGHT BACK BY 
POPULAR DEMAND 

“m a n n e q u i n ” m m c m x ) 

EXPRESS-NEWS SUNDAY M A G A Z IN E — Apr. 17, 1977 
PAGE 13 

S y l v i a 

M i l e s 

 star in ‘The Milk Train 
Doesn’t Stop Here Any 
More.’ in London. 
“ He wants to rewrite it. He said, ‘You know at the end of the play you die but you’re not going to die now. You’re indes­ tructible. You're going to live. You’re a survivor!” ’ 
Sylvia regards that as a compliment comparable to one in a Hollywood trade paper that said she proved in “ The Sentin­ el.” playing a decadent nude German lesbian dancer, that “ she will do almost anything and do it well.” 
“It was the best offer I had since I was nominat­ ed for an Oscar for 
‘Farew ell My Lovely.’ 
There aren’t that many parts.” 
Sylvia is a devotee of 
Lee Strasberg. she did more than 3o off-Braod- way plays in learning her trade, and she boasts that she studies a role “ and makes it work.’’ 
“ Some people work just for an opening night. I keep working on it, living the character. Somebody wrote that in ‘Iguana’ I looked like I swallowed the iguana. Look at me, I don’t have any tummy now. 
“ I was supposed to play a sex-starved widow who was going to pot. I let my pot hang out but when the show was over, 
I got rid of the pot. It took me three weeks to get out of that role.” 
Sylvia gets criticized for being too low-necked, for her colorful battles with critics and colum­ nists, for having posed nude. In “ Heat,” in “ 92 in the Shade.” she has played an assortment of bad ladies. People have asked her, “ Don’t you want to play a living wife?” 
“ Sure I do," she says. 
“ I d like to play Lady 
Macbeth — she was a living wife — or Medea.” 
Sylvia admits she likes publicity and tries to get some. “ The mystique of being mysterious is out- of-date and also phony,” she says. “ Usually peo­ ple are mysterious be­ cause they’re boring and doll and don’t have any­ thing to say. 
They’re also the kind you’ll find first in line to pose with some political figure." 
And then Sylvia con­ fessed a new enthusiasm 
— a new diner on the far west side. “ Everybody goes there.” she said. 

 a little space i n I l ia right place 
Call 
225-1666 

< 71:2o 4 
'• * w 
1 5 dairy far thoatrt 
7:1o 1o.o5 
ACADEMY AWARD WINNER 
FAYE DUNAWAY in 
VOYAGE OF THE DAMNED 

 f t la s te d 
3o d a y s .,. 
Y o u w W r e m e m b e r 

 it a s lo n g as you f o e . 

H O I T H W K I T 
»i« torgain m a t in a l daily far theatre 

7 / / / 
V ? Hit*’- 
'TV Vt, i 
FAYE DUNAWAY 
1 
MAX VON SYDOW : 
>“ • OSKAR WERNER 
MALCOLM McDowell ORSON WELLES JAMES MASON 
"VOYAGE OF THE DAMNED'^*5!- 
- 
” Himm LEE GRANTV>7^ ’• 
I- . 
'catharine 
LUTHER ACUR .. 
, . v W S I KOSLO 
MICHAIL CONSTANTINE 
NEHEMIAH MRSOJF 
DENHOLM ELLIOTT *" 
, FERNANDO K T ; ~ 
JOSE FERRER 
- 
LEONARD ROSSITER 
' LYNNE FREDERICI * 
/■ 
MARIA SCHEU 
. - HELMET GRIEM v VICTOR SPINETTI / * 
. 
JULIE HARRIS * 
.>.* .M K T SOLMAN 
& 1- WENDY HILLER 
■* SAM WANAMAKER 
’ vL 
Md BEN GAZZARA is f roper $ 

 ii M 
Hit col" 
.JWF t [Amt- 

► M B 

 r n 

^1 1:5o 2:2o 
4:5o 7:2o 
9:5o rn *o 
Altaic Cl 
|>*t 
M« AIM 

NO H U L M A T A 
NO PASSES 

EMV:' I W T I 

The Story of Cinderella 

Richard Chamberlain Gemma Craven 
*» The Prince t- Cinder*!!* 
Annette Crosbie Edith Evans 
J' the it r» Godmother 
*<• The Oe^igef Queen 
Christopher Gable Michael Hordern 

 a* tahr 
*, The King 
Margaret Lockwood Kenneth More 
«• I he I ofii C himbe(tm 

A BEAUTIFUL MUSICAL 

RETELLING OF THE WORLD S 

FAVORITE FAIRY TALE! 
IN 4-TRACK 

STEREOPHONIC SOUND 

Meet. 
OLMOS 
4 2o5 5wi h in 

So. 
Adm. 
Tic ta. 

FEDHUOO MELUM 
1:2o- 5:3o- 9:4o 
Fellini at odds with the female psycheI 

'GREY GARDENS" 
A binate portrait of Edith 
Bower Beale and her daughter, cousins of Jackie Onassis 3:4o-7:5o 

>■ 

F 

ST A R T S W E D N E S D A Y — “KID BLU!' 
McCABK 6 MRS. MILLER'' 

STARTS FRIDAY-“ WEST SIDE STORY" 
“ROMEO & JULIET" 

MCCOY 
N O R T H W K I I lit , 

 rn ii af leep Alt elf t aftagp— I ti* 
144 AT}* 
CASTAIN ^ 
12:3o 4:1o 
2:15 5:5o 
9.3o 
7:45 
C O M E SEE RAGGEDY A N N A A N D Y 
C O M E A LIVE O N THE SCREEN! 
A MUSICAL ADVENTURE 

I R 
W 
W 
I 
AM (,A«rf 

Plus! OMAR SHARIF in 

; Jule/Ueme/ . -j 

 fTlY/TeRIOU/ l/LODD 

* of C aptain Heme 

1:oo-3:15 
5:3o-7:45 lOKJO m iiiiM fiiiir 

M O R I H W ! I I ut d3yh far 'thraatra capacity far fiat pastor ma ne* 
***-»*• ordy 

IT S THE MOST HILARIOUS 
SUSPENSE RIDE OF YOUR LIFE! 

 m iS S E s E E S S m 
* FWANK TABcAMS 
. 

A MARTIN WANSOOfT -FRAN* VABLANSFNOOUCTO* 
GENE WILDER JILL CLAYBURGH RICHARD PRYOR 

N O R I N W K l l lit matin** daSy^ far thaatra capacity for fir*! parformonca 
» il.u .< iM M a w l» 
‘’“ only 
IHI AU MW 
PMM PANTHER 
PETER SELLERS. 
THE PINK 
PANTHER STRIKES 
AGAiN’ 

I 
-™I 
OEH 

 f TAXI— 2oo 
6:oo 1o:oo 
( K W 
H 
J l l f , 
I O ! I H v U 
OBSESSION 
12:oo 4:oo 
8:oo 

TAXI DRIVER rn 

PLUS 
O BSESSIO N 
A bizarre story of love.I PC) 

CLIFF ROBERTSON A GENEVIEVE BU JO LD / 

Today at 

N O B T H W 
I t T B I X 
■ H « U * t l l A I * p » RW 
MP4454 1 
Check display ad for times and policies 

'VOV A C I OF TM 
B A M M * " lA G G D V ANN 

M V n STM A V 

 z 

 ifc 

Today at 

 f c l N T U R V S O U T M i 
UU. m . Or UM55 ta. *544551 

ANIPO N f ' 7 7 " 

SU PPIW AND 
I 
T M R O SI ’______ J 

POM PA N T M B" J 

Check display ad for times and policies 

"M AN O O ANV" 
•LADY SINGS THE BU* 
(*) 

"T A X I B P I v a l ” 
'O M IS S IO N " 
I 
“ FISTS OF FOOT" 
"C H M N CONNECTION ' I 

DAV' 

‘ANNOY SO S !' 

7T' 

Today at 
San Pedro 

‘'ENFORCER'' 
"UNSTUCK” it * 

S A IN I P E D R O 
1i)W1 KW* WIBCX* 
;|WR|*HI»I«|R< 
WHI* 

"E M C KONG” 

" T M RSG B V S " 
PG PG 

Check display 

 ad for times 
STAR IS SORN’ 
"U R WI ARD" 
R PG 

-s m w w r a 

S W r n . Or. mf rn as Sp. 
o24-o531 
"LADY” 
2:4o 7:25 
MAHOGANY 
12:4o 5:25 
1o:1o 
BARGAIN MATINEE DAILY FOR THEATRE CAPACITY 
FOR FIRST PERFORMANCE ONLY: 

 conacnoH" E B R r S S S Z B 
12:1o-4:1o-8:1o 
»w ™ 
!, Jsf i * W 9 S T 2:oo 6:oo 1o:oo 

SEE BRUCE LEE, 
THE GREATEST SUPERSTAR 
WHO EVER LIVED 
IN THE FILM CLASSICS 
THAT MADE HIM A LEGEND 

"THE CHINESE 
CONNECTION" 

 r n 
< plus 
"FISTS OF 
FURY" 

 r n 

J 
' 
S 
K 
K 
I 

$•« m* iiH p r * t a . 
4 

"Enforcer” 
Ij£*| 
7:3o-1o:55 
I S I 
22o2 C 

*4-2 4 24 
31oO R *o » « v «H 
532-32571 

 m m uieb ro 
734 6651 
^ 
V 

 cum 
EASTWOOD 
IS DIRTY 
H A RRY 

Lipstick 

THE 
ENFORCER*) KSU, 

PAGE 14 
EXPRESS-NEWS SUNDAY M AG A ZIN E— Apr. 17, 1977 

WOODLAWN] 
I S S I f) 

( i M i i i r lo t I N 
13 

River City and area movies 

Aztec-3: 
A S tar Is 
Born. 
Broadway: Airport ‘77. 

C entral P ark Fox: 
Slap Shot; Network; The 
Littlest Horse Thieves. 
Century South: 
Black 
Sunday; Taxi river + 
Obsession; Audrey Rose; 
Mahogany + Lady Sings the Blues; Airport '77; Fi st of Fury + Chinese 
Connection. 
Colonies North: 
The 
Omen. 
Josephine: 
World of 
Sexual Fantasy. 
Laurel: Rocky. 
North Star Cinema: 
The elnino Principle; 
The Lagle Has Landed. 
Northwest Six: Voyage of the amned; Airport 
’77; Slipper and the Rose; 

Silver Streak; Raggedy 
Ann and Andy + Mys­ terious Island of Capt. 
Nemo; Pink P a n th e r 
Strikes Again. 
Olm os: 
Sun-Tues; 
Juliet of the Spirits + 
Grey G ardens; Wed- 
Thur: McCabe & Mrs. 
Miller + Kid Blue; Fri- 
Sat: West Side Story + 
Romeo and Juliet. 
Texas: King Kong:. 
CA 4: 
Slap Shot; A 
Star Is Born; Littliest 
Horse Thieves + Winnie the Pooh. 
CA Cine Cinco: 
Fun 
W ith iek and Ja n e; 
Black Sunday; Wizards; emon Seed. 
Universal Twin: World of Sexual Fantasy; King 
Kong. 

Wonder; 
Black Sun­ day; Audrey Rose. 
Woodlawn: Mannequin 
4- Image; A Star Is Born. 

W ; jJt 
UH!! 
'(SU 
N E T W O R K — 
Robert Duvall, Fay Dunaway and William Holden are television executives in the satire on TV news shows at the Central Park Fox. 

I 97o Fr»dfpn<k thor'J Ud 73S-S913 im* mt Hilt* *4 4*4-343* 
STAR: 12:oo-2:45-5:3o-8:oo-1o:3o STAR: 7:3o-11:45 GUARD: 1o:1o 
11:oo-12 45-2-3o-4:15 
6:oo-7:45-9:3o 
JOSEPHINE 
FANTASM 
R StA R IS BORH 
TOWN TWIN 
‘FANTASM" 7:3o-1o:2o 
LOVE AND KISSES’9:o5-11:35 

ACADEMY AWARD FOR BEST SONG! (RI 
Stoning jMBh t* 
BARBRA STREISAND 
C j M 
KRIS KRISTOFFERSON 
* * * l l ctus of Son Pedro 
^ l if e g u a r d ” ( W H 
IF YOU STEAL IT, ROLL IT ANO WRECK IT 
YOU’RE 
.A o 
A funny fantasy of LOVE! 
A loving fantasy of FUN! 
INlViRSAS. 
TEXAS 
The erotic sensation pl of Cannes Film Fest.fi 
MISSION 
VALLEY Hi 

R O C K Y — 
Sylvester 
Stallone has the title role as a small-time boxer in film at the Laurel. 

STARTS FRIDAY 

CENTURY/UNIVERSAL/AZ7IC3 
FRID. RD./MISSION/TOWN 7WINCAPITAW 

THE BIZZARE WORLD OF 
FEMALE SEXUAL 
W m 
FANTASY 
WINNER, 
SPECIAL 
EFFECTS 
ACADEM Y 
AW ARD! 
An X-rated film that touchesyou where it feels the best.. 
________ your heart. 

Suring USCHi DIG ART * JOHN HOLM ES 
RENE BO N D • MARY GAVIN • AL W ILLIAMS 
Filmed in colour on location in Australia & Los Anaeles 
AN ADVENTURE STORY 
A SUSPENSE STORY. 
A LOVE STORY. 

STARRING 
JEFF BRIDGES • CHARLES GRODIN 
Introducing JU S IC LA N S ! 

2nd FEA TURE A T DRIVE INS ONL Y 

PLUS AT 
DRIVEINS 
CHERI LOVES 
CONTACT SPORTS! 
...andshe's expert in the most exciting sport of all! in 
'LOVI 
AND 
KISSES" (X) 

SUPER 
SUPER 

SEXSATiONAL 
W 
T 
C 
W g 
W 
SPECTACULAR 
DUSK TO DAWN 
EROTIC FILM FESTIVAL j j p 
{EXTRAVAGANZA 77 W 

A 7 M A STER PIEC ES * 
IO UNFORGETTABLE HOURS 
CF SHEER DELIGHT! 

1. 
MISTY BEETHOVEN” 
5. “ VACATION IN 
(X> 7:3o 
HGT PANTS” tx! i to 
2. " S T O Y OF JOANNA" 
6. "M VEBSIONS"'*!,, a « 
3. 
DKP JAWS" 
7- “ »I.L*K»K:AN 
(X) 1o.45 
GIRLS 
(X) 4:o5 
4. 
“LOVE GAMES” (X) 12:o5 

Starring 
JOSEPH 
BOLOGNA 

STOCKARD x 
CHANNING J* 

'SISTERS" 7 3 o \ 
"TNT" 9:2o 
"BUCK" 1o:45 
"TAKI 123o 
Ontni A «' WF 
Beautiful® 
STARTS FRIDAY! 

BROTHERS ANO SISTERS" 
,IUS 
CURTIS MAYFIELD AND MOI in Starring 
BLACK S U N D A Y — 
Marthe Keller is a terror­ ist disguised as a nun in suspense film at the Cen­ tury South, Wonder and 
UA Cine Cinco. 

“SUPER PUT IN I’ 
BR O T H ER ' 7 Vi I l S m i l W 
"HOUSEWIFE" - 8 4 5 
L g i K 
K 
"M ERM AID" 1o:25 »•*>*««. 

 au SHI com t 
I > J say j . ] ; i l L 

SID N E Y 
P O IT IER 
H A R R Y 
BELAFONTE 

' THE 
SENSUOUS#^ 

HOUSEWIFE" (X) fXPRESS-NEW S SUNDAY M A G A Z IN E — Apr. 17, 1977 
PAGE 15 

< ins llUt FT 

R A G G ED Y A N N A N D A N D Y 
Six. 
Animated cartoon is showing at the Northwest 

STARTS 
FRIDAY! 

/■ >b, uuillil!'! •> 

A SHOCKER. GUARANTEED TO PRODUCE 

GOOSE BUMPS.” 
Bruce Williamson — Playboy 

AN EXPERIENCE OF HEART STOPPING 
SUSPENSE.” Martin M itchell — After Dark 
K-- 

A LARRY COHCN FILM • IT S ALIV£ • A LARCO PRODUCTION 
Scarring JOHN RYAN • SHARON FARRCLL • ANDRCV DUGGAN -GUY STOCKWCll jAMCS Dixon • MlCHACl ANSARA - music by D6RNARD HERRMANN 
TCCHniCOlOR 
• written produced and directed by LARRY COHCN f-om Wo m e r Oro; O A Womer Communications Compony pc mkibl u m u m s u u b w -: 
M 
M 
M 

NORTHWEST SIX. CENTURY SOUTH 6 
AZTEC 3 . SAN PEDRO. TRAIL. VARSITY 

PACE I b EXPRESS-NEWS SUNDAY MAGAZINE— Apr. 17,1977 

THE DEMON SEED— 
Gerrit Graham and Julie 
Christie try to escape a power-hungry computer in film at the UA Cine Cinco. 

Jjjjo jiTHS^FE^RYDA^jy^Rj^S^O 

VOYAGE OF THE DAMNED— 
M a x von Sydow is captain of fated ship in movie based on true facts about Jews trying to escape N a zi Germ any at 
Northwest Six. 

TM E 
STANLEY 
KRAMER 
Pf=>cxjucTKjrv 

EXCLUSIVE 
12:3o-1:2o-4:15-6:1o 
8:o5-1o:oo 
N O R T H S T A R 
342-93o4 
HEAGLE HASLANDED 
I 2:2o-2:4o-5:oo-7:2o-9:4o 

JACK NICHOLSON 

M S j l 

11:3o-2:oo 
4:3o-7:oo 
9:3o 

M C C R E L E S S 
53 3-o4 31 
" THE FRONT” ... 

TAKE THE MONEY & RUN 
(P G ) 
1:45-5:oo-8:15 

MCCRELESS Sl.o o ALL S H O W S AT A U TIM ES 

"NASTY 

Thee outrageous comedy! 

P G P M t m . h WGA HO SUGGESTED 

OKU! PRODUCTIONS PRESENTS A GEORGE BARRIE — ROGER! ENDERS PRODUCTION 
GLENDA JACKSON MELINA MERCOURI 
GERALDINE PAGE SANDY DENNIS ANNE JACKSON 
ANNE MEARA SUSAN PENHALIGON, 
"NASTY HABITS' 

 oho votf«ng EDITH EVANS us H-xK-qcxde JERRY STILLER us PR Pt**' 
RIP TORNosMG*uTNj*Gft ELI WALLACH os Moowqnof 

Starts Friday! NORTHWEST SIX 

ALL MEW — 

 bigger, more exciting than “AIRPORT 1975” 

Flight 23 has crashed in the B erm u d a triangle .. 
A IR P O R T '7 7 

I JDK IIM HWU! 
JACK LEMMON 
LEE GRANT BRENDA VACCARO JOSEPH COTTEN OLIVIA de HAVILLAND 
DARREN MCGAVIN CHRISTOPHER LEE GEORGE KENNEDY 
JAMES STEWART as Ptiiiitp Stevens 
Scmwm it Hima scum t tm mem st*, * rn i t u n « tunis M u nm«. jim c « 
SiKCtHlf Ji8«T JXMiSSN Mice! It HMN UTI Inutile tote) JINN NSL i*N£ 

 mi ll Ii III Im k i p list) m K ut! Ii Gilt IM) [ p c HMH. OMC! M M S n i-» i 
I l>llHSII ill 
* 'v 
TE T O iM I j 7*j l:u;di| 

 m Io*tImw4Io*HC«iUv«iM.{,ii 
M f 4731 
5 W M il Or e tiM J S S o 
924 -6331 

Both theatres: 12:4o-3:oo-5:2o-7:4o-1o:oo 

No 
^—.. i n H n u i m 
N i i i i m a t in e e 
^momoacwat m» )»i 

Today: 1:oo-3:1o-5:2o-7:3o-9:4o Mon.: 7:3o-9:4o 

 m r m m m m i w r m m m 
* 
'> ^W ' /JJfc 
“ It ll 
- L I I * 
. 
J. ' 
5 

WmmmM 

NIGHT IN OLD SAN ANTONIO 
SEE SUNDAY 
M A G A ZIN E 

JEANNE DIXON TELLS 
THIS TRIO’S FATE 
I 
—PAGE 7 

SAYINGS 
OF THE 
WEEK . . . 

• ROBERT EVANS, Holly­ wood producer and possible fu­ ture husband of sportscaster 
Phyllis George: “ I ve screwed up my personal life because of my work. I’m a failure in many ways as a man because of my obsession with what I do.’’ 
• ADM. HYMAN RICKOV- 
ER, director of the Naval 
Reactors 
Division of the 
Energy Research and Develop­ ment Administration: “Today, many of our military leaders are actually cheerleaders, making heroic attempts to keep their service together.” 
• 
BING CROSBY, talking about the fall that put him in the hospital: “ I gotta change the act — get a new finish.” 
• PAUL MICHAEL GLAS­ 
ER, of Starsky And Hutch, the 
TV crime drama: 
“Police shows are committed to formu­ las. There’s a crime, and it must be solved. They throw in so many damns and so many bullets, then salt and pepper it with a little sex and call it life.” 
• ROBERTA COHEN, exec­ utive director of the Interna­ tional 
League for 
Human 
Rights: 
“ Human rights are suddenly chic. For years we were preachers, cockeyed idealists, or busy-bodies. Now we are respectable.” 
• MUHAMMAD ALI, talk­ ing about how he won’t miss boxing: “It’s just a job. Grass grows, birds fly, waves pound the sand, I beat people up.” 

Courtney Kennedy’s escort is Uncle Ted 
WHE^N 2o-year-old college student Courtney 
Kennedy steps out for a Washington party, she is escorted by one of the most glamorous men about town, her Uncle Teddy. Courtney is one of Bobby and Ethel Kennedy’s ll chil­ dren. Said Courtney of having Teddy bear her about. ' He is a lot of fun. He’s someone I can talk to.” Said Teddy, 45: “ I regard all of Bob­ by’s children as my own. They know I’m there if they need fatherly advice and help. 
Bobby would have done the same for me.” 

Rita Hayworth looks forward to better days 
RITA HAYWORTH, who as a pinup girl in World War II launched a million dreams (photo left), is struggling with a drinking problem now at age 57 (photo right).Daughter Princess 
Yasmin Khan said: “ We want to do what we can to make her comfortable. We want the best kind of a future for her.” According to Rita, that future will include a new motion picture. 

Princess Caroline romance rumors fly again 

This is Father Harry of the God Squad 

THE lovey-dovey couple above, Princess Caroline of Monaco and Frenchman Philippe Junot, deny rumors they will soon wed. Said Caroline, 19: “ I have a lot of friends and we have a lot of fun. I’m still young.” Close friends cluck over Caroline’s rumor squashing, and point out she has given up old boyfriends for Philippe, whose father heads Westinghouse in Europe. 

Mama 
Mia 

WITH five children, Mia 
Farrow, 31, is more mother than actress today. She s pictured above with Fletcher, 3, her child by husband Andre 
Previn, and her adopted 
Vietnamese children; Lark 
Song, 4 (left) and Summer 
Song, 2. Said 
Mama Mia: “My professional plans are softened by the children. They occupy most of my time and I love it,” 

BEHIND the altar at Sacred Heart Catholic 
Church in San Francisco, he is just plain Fa­ ther Harry Schlitt, 38. Behind a radio mike, he becomes Father Harry of the God Squad, heard over more than 5oo stations. Father 
Harry said of his fast-paced, commercial-type| format: “ It’s a great tool to spread the good news of salvation. At church I’m only talking to hundreds. On radio, I'm talking to thou­ sands. I think I live more with people when 
I’m on the radio than when I’m in the church.” 

FORMER Mouseketeer Doreen Tracy gave up her Mickey Mouse ears long ago. Now she s replaced them with stereo headphones for jogging in Los Angeles’ Griffith Park. The former tap dancer and adolescent heart-throb with Annette Funicello on Walt Disney’s af­ ternoon kiddie show said: “ I usually run for 
3o to 45 minutes to keep in shape. I can pace myself by listening to music.” Doreen, 33, works in an artist management office today. 

Hank Aaron enjoys first year on the farm 
A. Some rights can never be rightfully taken away. 
B. Governments get their right to govern from the people. 
3. A meal consists of milk, bread and butter, meat and cake. 
To satisfy the rules of good nutri­ tion, what should be added: 
A. A green or yellow vegetable. 
B. Baked beans. C. Cheese. D. 
Coffee or tea. F. Pickles and ol­ ives. F. I don’t know. 

TRY TO PASS 
THIS SKILLS ! 
TEST FOR HIGH 
SCHOOL KIDS J 

HOW WELL would you do if you took the kind of basic skills test being given in a growing number of American high schools? 
You can find out by answering these sample questions and then checking your results below. 
1. A new automobile can be bought for cash for $2,85o or on credit with a down payment of 
$4oo and $8o a month for three years. How much more would a person pay by buying on credit? 
2. The American Declaration of 
Independence states: ‘‘We hold these truths to be self-evident, that all men are created equal, that they are endowed by their 
Creator with certain unalienable rights, that among these are Life, 
Liberty and the pursuit of Happi­ ness — That to secure these rights, Governments are institut­ ed among Men, deriving their just powers from the consent of the governed. . 
Do the following sentences res­ tate ideas expressed by the Decla­ ration. Answer “yes,” “no” or “I don’t know.” 

FOR the first spring in 24 years, Hank Aaron is not terrorizing major league pitchers. Ham­ mering Hank’s new job is director of the At­ lanta Braves’ farm system. What does the hit­ ter of 755 home runs think of work behind a desk? Said Hank: “ It hasn’t hit me yet. 
Maybe later I’ll yearn to take a bat in my hand and take a few swings. But not now.” 

Three’s a crowd 

Steiger’s daughter blooms at keyboard 

ANNA JUSTINE STEIGER, daughter of Rod 
Steiger and Claire Bloom, did not inherit her parents’ lust for acting, but she does plan a career in the arts. Anna, 17, is studying in 
London to be a classical pianist, her life-long ambition. Said proud papa Rod: “ I always hoped she would grow up like Claire, and I’m glad she didn t follow in our footsteps.” 

4. Suppose you purchased $2oo worth of merchandise from a store on an installment plan. You are to make 24 monthly payments 
(rf $11.35 each. How much money in finance charges will you have paid at the end of 24 months? 
5. Answer “yes,” “no” or “I don’t know” to each of the follow­ ing questions: 
A. Does the President always have to obey the laws of the 
United States? 
B. Could a court in the United 
States decide that the United 
States should declare war on an­ other country? 
C. Can the President of the 
United States appoint people to 
Congress? 
See how many you got right 
HERE are the answers. 
1. The person who bought on credit would pay $43o more. If you were incorrect, so were 44 per­ cent of the 17-year-olds asked this question in a 1973 test. 
2. Yes is the correct answer to both parts. Seventy-nine percent of the 17-year-olds got part A right in 1969 and 9o percent were right on part B. 
3. A green or yellow vegetable should be added. Only 3 percent of the 17-year-olds surveyed in 1973 missed this one. 
4. The finance charge is $72.4o. 
Fifty-one percent of the 17-year- olds questioned in 1974 missed it. 
5. The answer to part A is yes. he answer to B and C is no.. In a 1976 survey of 17-year-olds, 84 percent were right on A, 79 per- on B and 53 percent on C. 

BANDANA- 
WEARING film director Sam 
Peckinpah, 55, recently got in the swim of things to show actor Vadim 
Glowna and a movie extra how he wanted a scene played in his latest movie, 
Cross Of Iron. 
Some critics claim Peckinpah is all wet for including so much violence in his pictures. 
Answered crusty 
Peckinpah: “ My films aren’t more violent; they are more effective. This is a war film, so naturally it will have a certain amount of violence.” And some good, clean fun, under Sam’s get-in-the-act style of direction. 

Hats off? 
WHAT will happen to Daryl 
Dragon’s hats now that The Captain and Tennille have sunk beneath tile 
TV air waves? 
Daryl once vowed to deep six them all in July, but now says: “ I’ve reassessed that stand. There are three that I really 
Uke." One of those being the all-white job he wore at his wedding to always-grinning 
Tennille in 1975. 

.x* 

Margaret Trudeau’s bizarre marriage deal with husband 

Canada’s First Lady, Margaret Trudeau in New York shortly before split: The separation will allow her continue her photographic career. 

By CAROL BURNS 
CANADIAN 
Prime 
Minister 
Pierre Trudeau and his freewheel­ ing wife, Margaret, have agreed to a trial separation for at least three months, sources close to the couple revealed this week. 
The separation might be extend­ ed to six months before any deci­ sion is made about a divorce. 
During that time, the couple have not to see each other — they will continue to talk larly by telephone so that they are aware of each other’s movements and what their three children are doing. 
The separation deal was for­ mally agreed to during a 
35-minute airport meeting the couple had this month in Ottawa. 
Tile Canadian Prime Minister, who was heading off chi a vac­ ation to California, ordered his government jet held back 9o min­ utes so he could talk to his wife. 
Mrs. Trudeau flew into Ottawa from the U.S. where she had been on a photographic assignment at the Virginia home of actress Eliz­ abeth Taylor and her husband 
John Warner. 
The Trudeaus’ separation has not been legally drawn up. It is an informal arrangement they dis­ cussed by telephone while Mar­ garet was still in New York. The airport meeting was a confirma­ tion of the plans. 
During their separation, the couple’s three children — Justin, 
5, Sacha, 3, and Michel, I — will stay at the Prime Minister’s resi­ dence in Ottawa, where they will be looked after by a governess. 
The couple has hit a series of 
Free-spending Tatum O ’Neal, 13, still has $2oo,ooo nestegg 

CHILD superstar Tatum O’Neal doesn’t have to worry about her free-spending habits — she has a huge nestegg stashed away which she cannot touch until she s 18. 
The money is set aside in a trust account for the generous 
13-year-old who gave her mother, actress Joanna Moore, a Palm 
Springs home as a Christmas gift last year. 
The account consists of $214,855 
— not including interest on it for more than four years — from her earnings as an actress under her original contract with Paramount. 
Her salary then was $5oo-a-week. 
The contract was approved on 
September 27, 1972, by a judge in 
Los Angeles, who ordered the stu­ dio to set aside 25 percent of her earnings in a savings account at the Bank of America in Beverly 

Hills. Ryan O’Neal opened the trust account for his daughter. 
Now her dad is trying to make sure that the tax man doesn’t take away too much of Tatum’s cash. 
O’Neal, in a petition filed in Su­ perior Court on March 31, this year, noted that at present, Ta­ tum’s income earned by the trust account is taxable to her as ordi­ nary income. 
O’Neal asked the court to 
“allow him to invest the principal of the bank account in tax-free municipal bonds or tax-free U.S. government bonds.” 
The bonds, upon purchase, will be turned over to the Los Angeles 
County Clerk in trust until she reaches the age of majority. In most minor’s contracts, the court orders the earning share placed in 
U.S. bonds. 
Tatum O’Neal: Money in bank. 

Prime Minister Pierre Trudeau, agreed to their trial separation 

 marital problems in the past ten years, reaching a crisis over Mar­ garet’s close friendship with the 
Rolling Stones rock group. 
The split-up will allow Margar­ et to continue globetrotting in her new career as a photographer. 
This week she jets off to Europe, to arrange a photo session with her new friend Prince Charles of 
England. 
The Prime Minister’s office has denied Canadian television re­ ports of a separation. 
Trudeau stated recently: “ My marital status is my own business 
— and her private life is her af­ fair and mine only. 
“While I’m on vacation my wife is staying with the children to re­ lieve our hard-pressed maids. Our household staff of ten hasn’t had to be increased because of my wife’s personal lifestyle. It’s the same number when I was a bach­ elor, even though we now have the three children. 
“I don’t think my wife’s solo trips affect my image or that of the government — I don’t even care if it does. If she loses me a couple of votes, I’m sorry but ifs still okay with me. 
“It’s her private life. I won’t do anything to curtail her travels. I have no intention of fencing her in.” 
As THE STAR reported recent­ ly, Mrs. Trudeau plans to find an apartment in New York City to start a photo-journalism career. 
After completing her first proj­ ect, with heavyweight boxing star 
Duane Bobick, in Philadelphia, she said: 
“I hope by the time the sum­ mer is over to have found a studio or an apartment in Manhattan where I won’t have any problem about converting part of it into a dark-room for my own photo­ processing. 
"Between now and then I will 

Housewife’s working hours same as in 1924 -survey 

THE modern housewife spends as much time doing housework as her grandmother did in 1924, de­ spite all her household gadgets, according to a new survey. 
Dr. Joan Vanek, a professor of sociology at Queens College in 
New York, said that in 1924 the average housewife spent 52 hours a week on housework. 
In 1968 the figure was 55 hours a 

 week. Dr. Vanek analyzed infor­ mation gathered by the federal government on more than one million U.S. housewives. 

The study showed that the na­ ture of the housework has changed. 
Time spent on such tasks as shopping and driving children around has increased since 1924, 

Dr. Vanek said. “Contemporary women spend about one full work­ ing day per week on the road and in stores, compared to less than two hours per week in the 192os,” she said. 
The survey showed that less time is spent preparing meals and cleaning up afterward, although those tasks make up a major part of the woman’s work load. But the 

 amount of time doing general housework has remained about the same. 
Dr. Vanek said that the figures have remained stable for the past 
5o years for both rural and urban families. But she said that in­ creased urbanization has reduced the house wife’s work by eliminat­ ing IO hours a week, once spent on farm chores. 

57, and wife Margaret, 28. They after a hurried airport meeting. 

 be in Europe twice, and getting all of my photo files in order. I al­ so plan on using the interval to complete two childrens’ photo books I’ve compiled and start pre­ paring a major photobook of world leaders.” 
THE STAR learned that Mar­ garet has a meeting set next month with Jackie Onassis’ edi­ tors at Viking Press to get the project underway. 
After that, Mrs. Trudeau plans to fly to Jordan and work with newly widowed King Hussein, who originally gave her the $3ooo camera collection in 1974 that started her photographic hobby. 
The Canadian First Lady de­ nied that the rift with her husband was caused by their nearly 
3o-year age difference — he is 57 and she is 28. 
But she admitted there were other differences. 
“ He and I are really opposites because he is very reasoned and thoughtful,” she said. “I am spon­ taneous and impulsive, whereas lie’s a very disciplined, rational kind of person who works very strongly. 
“Fortunately, Pierre and I have the most beautiful relationshiD. 
“Our six years together have been great. There’s no bitterness and no anger, but I am a free spirit who wants to do something positive with my life. 
“I can’t remain a prisoner of a prime minister’s office. I’m find­ ing my own individuality with my photographic work which is a real link to that outside world of reali­ ty. I enjoy people — and always have — but I’m too tired to go on standing at boring dances and benefits shaking hands with peo­ ple who do nothing more to say then ‘hello’.” 
It was a part of her life that was recalled when she visited ac­ tress Elizabeth Taylor and her politician husband John Warner at their farm in Middleburg, Va., recently. 
“I was really impressed with their desire to be a political team 
— they will work very well to­ gether,” Margaret said. 
“Elizabeth Taylor told me she's really looking forward to meeting so many people in presentations. 
Mr. Warner told me she gets a real charge out of it. She likes it because ifs a completely new world to her. 
“But to me — it s become quite boring.” 

Lucky survivor Edward Hess points to a magazine photo of the crash as he explains how he escaped. 

THE only thing I felt at 
W first was a jolt, not a really big jolt. Then I heard an explo­ sion. It sounded like a bomb to me. I still hadn’t realized we had been struck by another aircraft. 
Things started happening fast. 
There was a series of explosions behind us and the whole top of the aircraft, the cockpit and lounge, cam e crashing down behind us. 
The debris blocked our escape path, but also gave us some pro­ tection from the fire, which was engulfing the rest of the plane. 
Just for a moment I found my­ self saying: ‘This is a dream. It isn’t really happening.' Then I snapped out of it. I told Mary to unbuckle her seat belt and we took a few steps toward the rear to see if there were any way out. 
By that time I had become aware of the screaming—horrible, blood-curdling screams of people being burned alive just beyond the rubble barrier. 
We sat down and I began to try to think clearly. It was evident we couldn’t stay where we were for 

 long, but we couldn’t attempt to climb through the fire behind us and jump 4o feet to the ground. 
I told Mary and the few people around us that our best chance for survival was to remain calm and wait for the fire trucks to foam 

 the plane down. I knew we would die if we tried anything else. 
After a few minutes had passed, the screaming stopped. The peo­ ple on the other side were either dead or had escaped. 
Suddenly, we felt ourselves fall­ 

 ing. The nose gear had collapsed and the plane fell on its side. 
We were thrown all about the cabin. The seats cam e loose. One of them fell on a man and broke his leg. I managed to get the seat off him. 
We were now actually sitting on top of flames and were only pro­ tected by the fuselage and the in­ terior of the cabin. 
Black smoke started to fill up our compartment. I’m sure it was from burning plastic. 
It felt like we were going to suf­ focate. It was getting hotter and hotter I could see the way to the rear, but it was still blocked by debris and fire. 
At that point, we were both un­ injured, but I knew time was run­ ning out. I couldn’t figure out why 

Dramatic escape of man who took crash photo 

AMAZING photograph at the top of tage was taken by the only person to pe from the tourist section of the ill- 
I Pan Am Jumbo, 29-year-old David y- 
‘ ley an electronics technician of Palo 
Calif., hauled himself through a in the plane’s fuselage only moments 
-e a huge fireball shot lOft-ft. into the obliterating his escape route. 
I had waited a few more seconds 

...I don’t even want to think about it,” he said this week as he nursed the only inju­ ry he received, a gash on the back of his head that needed three stitches. 

He added: “I know I was the only one to escape from my section,” 
Wiley climbed on to a wing, where he saw a gray-haired woman in a blue suit trying to escape the flames. He grabbed her wrists and dropped her to the ground. 
“ I never saw her again,” he said. 
David Wiley 

THIS dramatic picture, never seen before in the U.S., was taken by survivor David Wiley after he ran from the Tenerife crash. it shows rescuers and passengers watching in helpless horror as the Fan American jet blazes furiously on the landing strip. 

 the fire trucks hadn’t started foaming the plane down. They never aid get there. 
I finally decided I was not going to wait to be burned up. I couldn’t face dying in flames. I yelled at 
Mary to follow me and started to­ ward the rear, where there was a huge hole where the plane had split apart. 
The black smoke was so bad by this time that I lost Mary. 
I couldn’t see but a foot or so in front of me. 

Then, what seemed like a mira­ cle happened. Another explosion right near the debris pile momen­ tarily blew away the flames. I yelled at Mary to run for the rear. 
I was able to get over the rub­ ble, but the smoke was still so bad that I couldn’t see Mary. By the time she got there, the flames were building up again. 
I reached over the rubble and grabbed her. I got her about half­ way over, but I just couldn’t hang on. She fell back and that’s when she got burned bad on her legs. 

I grabbed her again. She said someone gave her a push from the rear to help her. I guess that’s the only way I got her out. But no­ body followed her out. Whoever helped her escape didn’t get out. 
Since the plane had fallen down, we were stepping right out of a hole in the fuselage to the ground. 
I rushed Mary away from the flames and got her into one of the cars which were being used as ambulances. 
Then I ran back and grabbed a woman who was lying right be­ side the aircraft and pulled her away. 
After that I saw the captain. We went around to the other side of the aircraft looking for anyone we could help. The captain was a real hero. He stopped two people going back into certain death to look for loved ones. 
I hadn’t really thought about it until this interview, but I guess 
Mary and I must have been the last people off that airplane. 

I tell you this. I can understand an airplane malfunctioning when it’s airborne. That’s going to hap­ pen sometimes. But to have the world’s worst airplane disaster happen on the ground is inex- ble. It’s plain stupid. 

WITH the screams of the dying in his ears, Edward Hess clambered through the flaming, twisted wreckage of Pan Am’s Clipper 
Victor to safety—the last survivor to escape the worst air disaster in history. The 39-year-old former 
Navy air traffic controller and his wife, Mary, were in the first-class section of the Pan Am Jumbo when it was rammed by a ELM 
Jumbo on fog-shrouded Tenerife airport. More than 57o people died in the crash. Hess, of Phoenix Ar- iz., suffered only minor injuries, while his wife received burns to 
5o percent of her body. Here is his dramatic account of the ordeal, as told to STAR reporter Bob Boyd: 

I My fifteen minutes I 
I in Jumbo infemo- bv the last man sui 

STAR LETTERS • STAR LETTERS • STAR LETTERS • STAR LETTERS 

WHILE on vacation in Cana­ da, the bus I was on broke down in a desolate area. 
It was bitter cold and the driver advised all passengers to snuggle up together for warmth while he went for help. I was sitting next to a nice looking fellow and I snuggled up to him. 
It was three hours before we were rescued and in that time my snuggling partner and I got well acquainted. 
We got so well acquainted that we are now married, and now, af­ ter 2o years, we’re still snuggling. 
— Esther Halliday, Buffalo, N.Y. 
WHAT part has chance played in your life? Tell as about it. $5 for every letter printed. Write: 
CHANCE, The San Antonio Star, 
P.O. Box 2171, San Antonio, Texas, 
78297. 

Our love began when the bus driver said ‘Snuggle’ 

 throws in the trowel; class reun­ ion—where er to see 
—a dead chair—vinyl resting place. 
Hose Sands, Brookfield Center, 
Conn. 
Answered prayer 

Sleepy viewer 
TOM SNYDER is minim life. ng my 
I love his Tomorrow TV show, but it comes on at I a.m., and I’m always sleepy at school the next day. 
Why don’t they put good shows tike Tomorrow and 
Saturday 
Night Live on earlier? - Stanley 
Bahnsen, Syracuse, N.Y. 
Throwing weight 
MY daughter came home from school upset because a classmate had been throwing her weight around. 
Her grandmother, who was vis­ iting, nodded in sympathy and re­ marked: '“Whenever I see some­ one who is completely carried away with himself, I’m reminded of the fly riding on a wagon who looked back and remarked, 'My, my, look at all the dust I’m kick­ ing up!’ “ — Colleen Sump, Clay 
Center, Kansas. 

 around me and kisses me and makes me feel like the slimmest, most beautiful queen in the world. 
Who could ask for more? — 
Mildred Akin, Antioch, Calif. 
Rain blues beater 

I’VE FOUND a wonderful way to relieve my children’s boredom on a rainy day. 
I get out leftover Christmas wrapping and ribbon and let the wrap each up some of their toys to other. 

Tom Snyder: Reader wants him on TV earlier. See Sleepy Viewer. 
Love story 

ALL my life I’ve struggled with a weight problem, but this is not a weight loss story. It’s a story of love—the love my husband has given me for 27 years. 
Never once has he made me feel self-conscious about my prob­ lem. Instead he’s lovingly and pa­ tiently encouraged me in my nu­ merous attempts at weight loss, always expressing his love for me regardless of my dress size. 
However, I, as many others, ex­ perience days when I do not feel particularly attractive and indeed feel slightly depressed. 
And then my husband returns from work and puts his arms 

 kids give 
Each child goes to a different room for wrapping so the presents will be a surprise. 
Then they gather in one room and have “Christmas.” It’s great fun. Almost as good as the real thing. — Jean Johnson, Hood Riv­ er, Ore. 
Ring zing 

WE WERE camping by a lake and my husband decided to take a bath. He waded in the water and started soaping himself. Just then a man yelled at him from the shore: “Please don’t forget to wadi out the ring when you’re fin­ ished.” — Mrs. Eugene Smith, 
Clarkson, Ky. 
Daffynitions 

HERE’S my daffynitions: Noth­ ing—a balloon with its skin off; retired brickiayer—one who 
My mother is something like 
God, only smaller 
RECENTLY I overheard my youngest daughter Sissy describe mg what a mother is to her best friend Ericka. 
“A mother loves you, takes care of you, and you go to her with your problems.” Then she continued, “She s something like 
God, only smaller.” — Pauline 
McClellan, Sanborn, N.Y. 
American duck 

MY 3^-year-old grandson likes to look over the knick-knacks on my bookcase shelf. Recently he added his own little treasure to the col­ lection. 
I discovered he had placed his little yellow toy duck on the shelf, and next to it, a tiny paper flag. 
When I asked him why he put the flag there, he replied: “It’s an 
American duck.” — Mrs. 
Paul Swetonic, Warren, Ohio. 
Show and tell 
MY five-year-old granddaughter, who was home from kindergarten for lunch, said to her mother, 

THII INC^EDIBLE 
THIINGS KIDS SAY 

"Mommy, get me a little sister.” 
Her mother asked her why, and she replied: "So I can take ber to school for show and tell.” — Mrs. 
Leroy Butler, Strasburg, Va. 
Storks memory 

I TOOK my grandson to the zoo and when he saw a stork, he stared at it for a long time. Then turning to me, he said: “Gee, 
Grandma, he doesn’t recognize me.” — Mrs. Hedwig Gregor, 
Schaller, Iowa. 
Nervous daughter 
MY five-year-old daughter com­ plained: “I feel nervous.” 
I asked her what she meant. 
“Well,” she replied, “I feel in a hurry all over but I can’t get 

 started.”—Mrs. 
George 
Berg, 
Manitowoc, Wise. 
Spreading Joey 
MY eighteen-month-old son Joey can be a terror around the house, upsetting everything in his reach. 
One day while he was throwing clothes out of a drawer, my older son, Michael, said: “Mom, I think 
Joey has joy in his heart.” — 
Mrs. J. Rogusa, Jamaica, N.Y. 
Sheep sleep 

PLEASE PRAY FOR . . . 
MY MOTHER, that she will be specially blessed for the wonderful childhood she has given me.—Cheryl Hansen, Little Rock, Ark. 
SUE, MY DAUGHTER, who just gave birth to a daughter, that she and my new granddaughter can be with me on Mother’s Day.—Elsie 
Granville, Syracuse, N.Y. 
JACKIE, that the fourth operation she has had on her eyes will give her eyesight back.—Mary Giacomini, Chicago, IU. 
MYSELF, who gave up alcohol for Lent and hasn’t had a drop since, will stay off alcohol permanently.—J. McQ., White Plains, N.Y. 
DAVID AND TERRY, who are twins and only three months old, that they get adopted together.—F.D., Los Angeles, Calif. 
AND all the Star readers who asked for prayers. 

When my six-year-old babysitting charge, Joey, couldn’t sleep, he asked me to lie down beside liim. 
I suggested he try counting sheep and I explained how. 
He lay quietly with his eyes closed, then opened them and said, “I don’t see any sheep.” 
I patiently tried to get him to imagine he saw them. Soon after he said, “I still don’t see any sheep. I guess they must have jumped over the fence before I got there.” — Mrs. B.A. Howard, 
Redlands, Calif. 
$5 
FOR YOUR 
LETTERS 

WE PAY $5 for each letter print­ ed. Address your letters to which­ ever section you are writing to: 
Things Kids Say. Please Pray For, or simply, Liveliest Letters, fol­ lowed by The San Antonio Star, 
P.O. Box 2171, San Antonio, Texas, 
78297. 

RECENTLY, I took our car in for minor repairs expecting to pay around $25. The next day our TV set blew its picture tube and our hot water tank began leaking gal­ lons of water. 
Then the phone rang. It was the mechanic informing me the re­ pair bill was $15o. Tins completely staggered me because I was un­ employed. 
I put the phone down in a state 

 of shock and said a short prayer asking for help. 
Next I looked over at my wife and asked: “Is there no God up above?” 
Forty five minutes later, I wen! to get the mail and calmly walked back to the house with our tax re­ turn check which more than cov­ ered all three losses. 
Thanks again to the One who is above. — Ralph Pie va, Spring­ field, Oregon. 
Amen, amen 
I SAW this on a bulletin board in front of a church: “It’s so nice to have amen around the house.” — 
Mrs. B.B., Scarsdale, N.Y. 
Put and find 
MY husband’s excuse for not put­ ting things away is: “You know where to put them. I only know where to find them.” — Flo Feld­ man, Chicago, HI. 
JACK LORD: I SUCCEED 
BY WORKING HARD 

HAWAII Five-o star Jack Lord says there s only one formula for success as phenomenal as his: hard work. 
“Apart from the fact I seem to have excess adrenalin, I do have this tremendous driving force to make the best of everything,” 
Lord said on the set of his popular 
TV series. _ 
"Luck can play a big part in your life, sure. 
"But the only way to achieve anything worthwhile is bv putting every ounce of energy you have into what you do.” 
Lord admits he has just about everything he wants—fame, mon­ ey, a place he loves to live and a hobby which possibly means even more to him than his TV work. 
He is a parttime painter and in one gallery in Honolulu, sold more than $5oo,ooo worth of his pictures in a single year. 
Earnings from his paintings alone have allowed him to put to­ gether one <rf the world’s out- 

: 
■ rn - 
'‘'I? 
Jack Lord: He has a life he loves in a fabulous setting. standing private art collections in his gorgeous Honolulu home. 
Meanwhile, his Hawaii Five-o police series is more popular than ever with TV audiences. 
And 
Lord enthusiastically agrees with fans who write to tell him how much they enjoy the ex­ otic Honolulu backgrounds. 
"If you want to play cops and robbers, can you think of a better place to do it? This is paradise on earth,” Lord said. 
HALF OF US WOULD 
KIU - FOR MONEY 
NEARLY half of us would kill an­ other human being if the price were right, according to a star­ tling new survey. 
Dr. Paul Cameron, professor of psychology at the Fuller Theologi­ cal Seminary in Pasadena, Caid., interviewed 2oo people divided in­ to two groups—those who had killed someone, usually in mili­ tary service, and those who had never killed or tried to. 
Of those who had killed, 45 per- 

 of $2o,ooo. Of killed, 25 per- an average price those who had not cent said they would, if they were paid $5o,ooo. "These attitudes to­ ward life cannot help but point our society toward death,” Car eron said. 
'am- 

 cent said they would kill again for added 

“The experience of killing not only affects the willingness to kill again, but also has impact on the values of human life, which are passed on to our children,” he 

One-armed pilot teaches flying 

ONE-ARMED pilot Mike Jose, who thought he’d never fly again, now does it all the time. 
Jose, 57, lost his right arm at the shoulder 3o years ago flying a cropduster. 
Now he works the controls with his left arm, elbow, feet, knees and even teeth as he teaches pilot­ ing skills to others. 

Believed to be the only one- armed flight instructor in the country, Jose teaches for a flight school in Petaluma, Calif. 
"I wnated to fly again but I didn’t think it was possible,” said 
Jose. 
His breakthrough was teaching himself to write left-handed. Re­ turning to the cockpit was next. 

H ER Q U A R T E R LY P R E D IC T IO N S - E X C L U S IV E TO THE S T A R 

JEANE DIXON, the world famous psychic, has made her quarterly predictions of per­ sonalities and events exclu­ sively for STAR readers. 
The new predictions appearing here this week and next include such startling forecasts as: 
• A secret romance and some sizzling publicity for Jackie Onas- sis. 
• A sad new cycle in Cher’s life brings sympathy and support from Sonny. 
• A difficult choice for Farrah 
Fawcett-Majors, who faces career and marriage conflicts. 

The probable suicide of “ a very, very famous international personality” is one of her most alarming predictions. Ironically, this individual stands to become a millionaire in a few short years if the suicide can be prevented. 
Assassination attempts against public figures and scandals on the scale of Watergate are also a real possibility in the coming months, 
Mrs. Dixon predicts. 
She warns too of earthquakes and other natural disasters which will claim many lives before this year is out. 
Here is the first installment of 
Jean Dixon’s quarterly forecast. 

Jackie: Exciting romances ahead 

JACQUELINE ONASSIS will not find a suitable mate for marriage this year. But she will have some exciting romances and the oppor­ tunity to marry. 
There is a possibility of a secret romance around May 
17 and again around July 17. But it won’t lead to marriage. It will be a friendship of the highest spiritual order. 

Jackie will be accused of having a romantic attachment with a famous actor, but this will not be true. 
She will also be linked with a famous musician, perhaps a vio­ linist, because she will attend his concerts and aid him by this promotion. 
Jackie will remain a top celebr­ ity whose face and activities will sell millions of newspapers and magazines. But it will be at the cost of her privacy. 
During July and September, and again in late November, she will be very distressed with the 
Press for invading her privacy. It 

•Drag scandal will shock U.S 
• Assassination threats linger 
•Famous figure’s suicide plan 

 will have something to do with her beach habits. 
I believe Jackie will have hon­ ors bestowed on her and will at­ tend ceremonies at which she will receive honors bestowed posthu­ mously on her first husband, 
President John F. Kennedy. 
In late November, there will be a big to-do about a theatrical en­ gagement she is expected to at­ tend or take part in. She will not show up. 
The film world will try to woo her, but what they offer will not be exactly to her liking. 
Jackie will continue to promote the fine arts and the ballet this fall. She will also have something to do with a book on art history which will be a tremendous suc­ cess. 
She will experience difficulties with her children. Caroline and 
John Jr., this fall. She will seek the aid of their uncle, Sen. Ted 
Kennedy, in getting the children organized, and he will not let her down. Her faith in him will be justified. 
Jackie will also have some legal problems over money still to come from the estate of her sec­ ond husband, Aristotle Onassis. 
That situation is not yet settled. 
In late June, she probably will have some domestic unpleasant­ ness over property matters. This will have to do with art objects 
Ste has inherited. 
If Jackie is not careful, some­ one may try to steal some of her valuable art treasures. 
A life could be saved 

A 
POSSIBLE 
SUICIDE: 
A very, very famous international personality will commit suicide, I am afraid, during the latter part of September or early October. 
I could give the name, but it would not be wise to do so. It might influence the person to take this tragic action. I do not want to say even that this individual is a man or a woman. 
But if I could talk to this per­ son, this is what I would say: 
‘‘The last couple of years (rf disas­ ter could only have been a step­ ping stone in teaching you how to cope with difficult situations and turn them to your advantage. 
“ If you did this, in three to five years, you could come out a mul­ ti-millionaire and have a lifetime of success, security, fame and fortune. 
“ It is not God’s plan for you to take your life at this time or any other time. You must depend on the Lord’s timing and not your own.” 

Cher: Tears and sympathy 

CHER’S popularity as an enter­ tainer will remain high for most of this year. However, her person­ al life will probably continue to cause her distress, and may inter­ fere with her professional life. 
This upset, starting in April, will develop through the later part of June, but probably will not be finalized until after February, 
1978. 
M er that. Cher seems to be going into a new cycle of her life, and someone is stepping out of it. 
She will probably find herself making a move from where she is and going through an emotional period of crying. But she will un­ derstand that is what life is ail about. 
Meanwhile, she will have deal­ ings in her show business life with her ex-husband, Sonny Bono. Cher will benefit from this, too, but it will be mainly to help Sonny fi­ nancially and repay him for the kindness he has shown her during a period of illness or extreme sad­ ness. which will occur in June or 
July of this year. 
As a result of Sonny's sympathy and kindness to Cher, there will be rumor of a love affair between them. But I do not see any such thing as a genuine affair, only a mutual respect out of love for their child. More of a platonic re­ lationship and a business associa­ tion. 
Cher should be very careful, especially during the next year, of whom she becomes enamoured, because they are not going to bring her good luck. 
Sonny should be careful as to what contracts he signs his name to in the middle of July or in the middle of September. 
This will also be a time of change in Sonny’s life, and he should not be too distressed if what he wants does not appear on the scene immediately. Sonny should not enter into any mar­ riage, partnership or contract during the latter part of Septem­ 

 ber. If he does, he will discover he has involved himself in some­ thing that is not for him and which he does not realty want 
If he will be patient and wait until possibly the coming Novem­ ber. he will probably find it the beginning of a better season. 
The contract he is looking for will possibly come through in Jan­ uary, 1978, but he will have notice of it in the latter part of Novem­ ber or December. It will be very favorable for him and he would be advised to take it. 
However, during 
February, 
1978, Sonny may find himself in­ volved in the affairs of other peo­ ple. It would be best for him to mind his own business. 

Farrah faces major conflicts 

FARRAH 
FAWCETT-MAJORS will remain successful in TV and acting through most of this year, but there will be conflict involving her marriage and business inter­ ests. 

This conflict will arise by mid- 
August or the fall. I believe there will be a lawsuit costing Farrah and husband Lee Majors a lot of money. This could be in connec­ tion with their efforts to quit their 
TV shows and make a movie to­ gether; I don’t know. 
But I do get, psychically, that it would be advantageous for Far rah to get her own agent. Her hus­ band tends to over-protect her, and this could cost her opportuni­ ties and cause trouble between them. 
In any case, Farrah must make a choice she would rather avoid. 
The situation will not be dealt with successfully until the latter part of September. 

Farrah and Lee will not always see eye to eye, and she must make concessions or her mar­ riage will not last. 
This fall, Farrah will have some loneliness, and for a time she will prefer, to stay at home. But later 

 in October, and through most of 
November, she will find herself front row-and-center, and will have a grueling schedule which will be crowned with success. 
The movie Farrah and Lee make together will be a tremen­ dous success and will make them both tremendously wealthy and popular. 
But I sense that in gaining this fame and fortune, they may lose the enchantment that got them all 
. those things and lose their person­ al happiness. 
This may not happen for a few years, but I foresee her 34th year will be the most difficult for Far­ rah. Farrah tends to get very de­ pressed at times, and I would ad­ vise her not to let her imagination run away with her 
Lee also needs to take precaut­ ions, especially when performing his own stunts. He must be very careful or he will injure an arm or a leg. 

Earthquake due any moment 

EARTHQUAKES 
AND 
DISAS- 
TE RS: The next earthquake will occur around the end of April. 
The faults will begin to slip on 
April 22, but the actual shaking and registering on the Richter scale will not occur until some­ time between April 3o and May 2. 
Natural disasters will also oc­ cur in the third week of June, be­ ginning on June 15 and 17. and coming to fulfillment between 
June 22 and 26. 
The next ones will begin on July 
13 and 14, and may come to fulfill­ ment on the last day of July. This disaster I believe wilt be in the 
Orient. 
Again there will be disasters re­ lating to floods and hurricanes, and earthquakes or typhoons which will take many lives in the middle of August. I would say near Aug. 13 or 14. 
Other disastrous dates are set for Sept. 4, 5, or 6, but they won’t manifest themselves on the Ri­ chter scale until the third week of 
September. 
I believe this will be some kind of a ground disaster and could in­ volve a famine. It has to do with something beneath the earth. 
Its repercussions will be felt on 
September 27 and 28. 
On October 8 or 9, there will be another natural disaster, a storm or a typhoon that will cause great loss of life. 
We may find ourselves prepar­ ing too for another threatened dis­ aster. Remember the Civil De­ fense drive of the 195os, when air raid shelters were built and stocked with supplies in case of national emergency? All that is left of them now is a few tattered yellow and black signs directing passersby to sheltered basements and corridors. 
I pray that we will never have need of those shelters. But I sense that this country will return to its former policy of massive pre­ paredness for armed conflict. 
TTiere will be air raid alerts in 
Continued on Page g 

HER QUARTERLY PREDICTIONS - EXCLUSIVE TO THE STAR 

 schools and civil defense patrols on the streets. That will not be an easy decision for our leaders to make, but it will be a necessity when they learn the true inten­ tions of certain other nations. 
ASSASSINATIONS: 
Public fig­ ures must still live with that pos­ sibility. The shadow of violence still hovers over the American government. And not just the presidency. 
Double security measures will be needed to ensure the safety of those close to the President, like 
Ambassador Andrew Young and 
Vice President Walter Mondale, especially during their trips abroad. 

•Barbra Streisand-beware friends 
•Diana Ross-big rewards ahead 
•Howard Baker aims for the top 

 i laudine Longet: 
Veep Mondale: 
Dive and jealousy. 
Death dangers. 
(iaudine Longet 
- new hazards 

CI^AUDINE LONGET: The un­ fortunate tragedy in which Miss 
Longet caused the death of her sweetheart has undoubtedly left some emotional scars which will never be erased from her mind. 
Ste will remain in the limelight for a short while, but during the fall of this year, possibly late Sep­ tember, she seems to be going in­ to seclusion for a short length of time, which would be the best thing for her. 
The month of March, 1978, will be an exceptionally good period for her when she can ask a favor and it will be given her. Her mu­ sic career may also receive a boost at that time. 
But the next two years have many hazards for her, and she will think that her star is being hidden behind a cloud for about seven years. 
The months of November, 1978, and January and November of 
1979, will be extremely hazardous for her. She should avoid travel­ ing and participating in sports, lf she is not careful., she could also become ill with worry during this time. 
Miss Longet should be very careful on whom she bestows her affections in February and No­ vember of 1978. If she chooses un­ wisely, it could cause her great problems again which could end tragically near the latter part of 
March, 198o. 
I would suggest she take a rain check on this love affair, because it would result in a Tangled affair of jealousy and cause grief. 

Watergate #2 has happened 

DRUG SCANDALS: 
From the 
East Coast to the West Coast, drug exposes will shock us all. 
The use of drugs in the enter­ tainment world, especially among pacesetters and teenage idols, will provoke a national outrage. 
And in official Washington, the use of drugs will become a politi­ cal issue which could damage the 

 new Administration To protect himself against harm, the Presi­ dent should order his most trusted assistants to make sure that Mr. 
Carter will not be embarrassed by those work for him. 
ANOTHER 
WATERGATE: 
It has already occurred! But it has been covered up more successful­ ly than a previous Administration tried to cover up Watergate. 
I am referring to the scandals involving foreign payoffs to mem­ bers of Congress. Many months have passed since those financial dealings first became known, and several investigations of them are now underway. But all the facts will not come to light. 
The worst part of this scandal will not be what hits the head­ lines. It will be what is kept OUT of the headlines. 
If the spotlight of publicity could reach into the darkest cor­ ners of the Korean payoff scan­ dal, the American people would be looking for someone to do the 
Congress what the Congress did to 
Richard Nixon. 
Singing stars face problems 

Diana Ross: High 
Barbra Streisand: in ratings. 
Lawsuit due 
DIANA 
ROSS will re­ main high in the ratings in 1977 as a singer and an actress. In the early part of June, it seems her career will involve as much act­ ing as singing. 
In the month of July and near the first week of September, 
Diana should keep a very close watch over her valuables, for a little carelessness could cause someone to walk off with her cherished belongings. 
Next February could produce a little conflict of interest and a slight reversal in her plans. She might also suffer the loss of an old friend because of too much said in haste. 
Not until possibly the latter part of June, 1978, will these changes in her private life affect her ca­ reer. 
Maybe she will be concentrat­ ing more on the affairs of her children and her domestic life than on her career for a period. 
But these problems will pass 

 and she will find herself back in demand and very high in the rat­ ings by the latter part of 1979. 
In early June, 1979, she will be­ gin to reap rewards that will con­ tinue into 198o. Only then will she feel the need to get away for a while and take a rest. 
There will be some domestic re­ sponsibilities in June, 198o. and 
Diana will need to take care of her health. 
BARBRA 
STREISAND. 
There are still awards coming Barbra’s way from the music and enter­ tainment industry. Some of these will come from groups outside this country. 
She will write more music and will win an award for it. And she will remain a box office star for quite some time to come as an ac­ tress and a singer. 
During the summer of this year, however, there will be a lawsuit over one of her investments in which she is not getting what she feels she is entitled to receive. It will require the decision of a judge to settle this. 
In the fall, Barbra should be very discriminating in the friends or company she keeps, for one of them will embarrass her by di­ vulging her personal secrets to the Press, and may even try to get her involved in a scandal. 
In the latter part of October, 
Barbra will be offered a deal which I would advise her to take. 
This deal will be a smashing suc­ cess, but she won’t realize it until 
April, 1978, or the latter part of 
June, 1978. 
Barbra’s fortunes will change, however, in February of 1978. She will have some problems with a contract and a romantic affair. 
There is an indication that the affair will end in degradation, and this may make her a little bit sour on men for awhile, but it will all pass away. 

Some ups and downs in politics 

TIP O’NEILL: 
This will be a good year for the Speaker of the 
House, despite some difficulties. 
But 1978 is going to be a different kind of year for him, a complicat­ ed year with a great deal of trou­ ble for Mr. O’Neill. 
I do not believe that Tip O’Neill is going to stay on as speaker year after year. I think that he will retire much earlier than he anticipates. 
He could have a home in a for­ eign country as well as in Ameri­ ca, and enjoy living in two places very, very much. 

SENATOR ROBERT DOLE, the 
Republican candidate for Vice 
President in 1976, will not make another run for national office. In­ stead, he will tend to the business of Congress. But he will raise eye­ brows back home in Kansas with some daring departures from his previous positions. 
Like a boat on the stormy seas of politics, Senator Dole will zig­ zag a little before making it back to port. 
SEN. 
HOWARD 
BAKER: 
I know that Senator Baker, the minority leader of the Senate, has it in his mind to run for the Presi­ dency in 198o. But his dream of being President of the United 
States I'm afraid will not be real­ ized. 

 for the 
His biggest problem in running esidency will be money. 
His enemies will try to discredit him by involving him in a scandal of some kind. 
He will also receive some high­ ly favorable publicity in the spring of 1979, but it will not be powerful enough to put him in the 
White House. 

Howard 
Baker: 
Liza Minnelli: 
Good publicity due. Marriage problems 

Liza Minnelli’s big comeback 

LIZA MINNELLI: I think that 
Liza’s life is destined to follow more or less the footsteps of her mother, Judy Garland. It need not be, but it seems as though it is destined to be. 
I am sorry to say I believe Liza will separate from her present husband, Jack Haley Jr., by the end of 1978. 
She will become disenchanted with her marriage, her second, by die end of this year, but divorce will not come until December, 
1978. 
I believe Liza, like her mother, will marry many times. But like her mother also, she will not gar­ ner any money from any of the marriages. In fact, they will be costly to her. 
Liza’s greatest wealth is going to come through her father, Vin­ cente Minnelli. 
I have reason to believe he loves her very much. And I be­ lieve Liza has great affection for 

 him, although she does not under­ stand him as well as she would like. 
There seems to be a rivalry be­ tween Liza and her half-sister, 
Loma Luft. This need not be be­ cause both are very special girls and each has her own talent and special way. 
One day, Liza will collaborate in the writing of a book about her­ self and her life with her mother. 
It will be made into a musical film, probably with Liza as the star, and it will be a tremendous success. 
There are many musicals yet ahead for Liza and successful ones, too. I get psychically that in 
June, 1978, she is going to get quite a lot of recognition and ap­ plause for one of her musicals. 
In the fall of 1978, it seems she is not going to be as busy filming and working as she usually is. 
One problem that Liza has to watch out for is that one day, like her mother, she will have to watch her weight. 

Young to quit his U.N. post 

ANDREW 
YOUNG: 
Although he has been Ambassador to the 
United Nations for only a few short weeks, Andrew Young has already become the center of po­ litical controversy around the world. But controversy is nothing new to Mr. Young. 
He will thrive on the criticism he arouses at home and abroad. 
While he is overseas, however, he must take unusual precautions against violence and accidents. 
Even so, I do not think he will stay there long. Disenchantment with his work will lead him to move on to another post. 
When he does, some other members of the Carter Adminis­ tration will celebrate. 
The month of June will be a good time for the Ambassador to take a vacation because he will have a tendency then to say the wrong thing to the wrong people. 

Henry Ford II: 
Into seclusion. 
Andrew Young: 
Take a vacation. 

HENRY FORD II: The head of the Ford motor company will find himself going into semi-seclusion for awhile this year, mainly be­ cause he will be depressed, disap­ pointed and suffering slight health problems. 
He will have reason to be con­ cerned about his personal bank account in the latter part of April and in mid August. 
Mr. Ford should be careful in whom he trusts, especially near 
April 3o and the first part of May, for there is a lawsuit which seems to be rearing its ugly head. 
NEXT WEEK: JEANE DIXONS PREDICTIONS FOR 
JIMMY CARTER, SOPHIA LOREN, RAQUEL WELCH, 
YOUR TAXES-AND OTHER EVENTS & PERSONALITIES 

 research is grad- tMfcttv exploding many o f the 

 a teadtag doctor said this week. 
Bat ouny af them stilt pers­ ist, and same may have a basis ta fact, according ta Dr. Irwin 
Ross af €U f»fft, 111. 
Dr. Raw analysed 12 of the most commonly believed myths shoat pttpaucy: a Early exposure to culture wiD make a child artistic: A developing fetus does respond ta sounds aud pressures. They affect his environment. Bat or not this makes it ta condition tastes and preferences is unknown. a Smoking will turn the ba­ by yellow: 
It is definitely known that the mother’s body chemistry affects the fetus. 
Any overindulgence like smok­ ing, can slow development, bd probably won’t yellow the skin. a Stick ta showers—bathwa­ ter isn’t safe: Dirt spreads cas­ ease, Fear of bathwater doubt­ less developed because of infection earned by dirty wa­ ter 
• Yon lose a tooth for every child: The mother’s body must supply calcium for the infant 
If ane tan’! getting enough for two she will show the deAden- cy, bot not in matnre teeth. a One miscarriage will breed another; Miscarriages occur for many reasons, hut emotional balance aud general health are the most important. 
A woman wha is hi poor condi­ tion ta carry one child may very well fail a second time. a Fear af a rat cavers baby 

K has an effect chemistry, may affect the fe­ tus because Its environment is sensitive to body chemistry. 
Forget about the “ hair’' part. a Child grows only while other sleeps: Fatigue, too can affect the health and growth of a fetus, and for the same reason. It will not grow any faster while she sleeps, but she needs good health needs. 
, t a 
o Intercourse makes baby over-sexed: Intercourse is not recommended ta the last 3 months of pregnancy. This ta not for fear of producing an over-sexed or pale child, tad because of physical pressure on the uterus at this time. a Naasea means a fall head of hair: The nausea that same expectant women suffer has nothing to to with hair on the fetas, nut may occur because her owe til health makes the baby nervous and restless. a Sneezing will Jangle the delicate brain: Sudden loud noise reaches the fetus via the mother’s nervous system. It might jar the baby, but serious damage is unlikely. a Happy thoughts make hap­ py child: Some authorities be­ leve that the mother's state of tau a real effect wk her baby’s well-being before birth, again because her body chem­ istry ta transmitted to the fe­ tus. This not true. a Tomato hits mother, baby scar. Birthmarks usually occur during birth, not before. 

Ifd give Nixon a frosty deal on says a Watergate hero 

By PHILIP FIN?* 
THE BROKE and bitter hero of the Wa­ tergate break-in said this week that the question he most wants to ask ex-Presi­ dent Richard Nixon is: How did you get off so easily? 
On the eve of Nixon’s TV interviews with 
David Frost, former nightwatchman Frank 
Wills told THE STAR: “ If I was in Frost’s place before the television cameras, 
I wouldn’t be able to hide my feelings. 
“ I’ve kept them bottled up, but facing Mr. 
Nixon after all this time would give me just the chance I have dreamed about.” 
Wills, the security guard who discovered the Watergate burglars trying to bug the 
Democratic Party H.Q. in Washington, D.C., added: “ I’d ask him point blank: How come 

 you got away with everything so easily. How come you keep getting all these vast sums of money for books and TV when you were chased out of office? 
“ Is it fair that a man who reported a crime and did his duty to the country should be out of a job and almost without a penny in his pocket?” 
The disgraced former president is getting 
$6oo,ooo for the series of TV interviews—while 
28-year-old Wills is out of work and trying to get by on savings that are rapidly dwindling. 
Wills told THE STAR that he would like to ask Nixon: 
“ Is it right that someone who acts honestly and decently should be worse off than one who gets away with what everyone says was the worst-ever political crime? 
“ I would sit back then, and say: ‘Come on, 

Frank Wills: “ I feel Nixon: “ How did he hurt and bitter.” get off so easy?” 
Mr. Nixon, answer me. What have you got to say to all that? Haven’t I a right to feel hurt and bitter after all this?’ 
“ I know that there are millions of people like myself who would love to hear what he would say to this. I meet a lot of youngsters, 
16-and 17-year-olds who know my story and they look at me like someone gone mad. 
“They wonder why I ever got involved that night in Watergate. Why I didn t look the oth­ er way. Those thoughts have crossed my mind, too, but they last a second or so. I know deep down that I did the right thing. But sometimes, it’s hard not to explode.” 
Frank, a bachelor, quit his $8o-a-week job in the Watergate complex in 1973, a year after the reported break-in. He held a regular job at Georgetown University in Washington for about a year but lost it because of what he claims was “all the fame and notoriety of 
Watergate.” 
He said: “Since then I have tried scores of times to get a job. I’m a willing enough work­ er. But once people know who I am they seem to shy away. It’s as though I was the man sus­ pected of the break-in rather than the guy who rumbled it." 
Wills has asked the Democratic Party—he is a Democrat—to try to help him, and recent­ ly he fired off a telegram and a back-up letter to President Jimmy Carter. 
“ I am not asking for a million dollars, or any special favors,” he said. “ But I would have thought that someone—a Congressman or a Senator at the very leastr-would have come forward to help me.” 
Frost spent several weeks earlier this year questioning Nixon at a secret address near the ex President’s home in San Clemente, 
Calif. The first of the interviews is being screened May 4. The three major networks shied away from them. So they will appear on a special network of non-affiliated stations. 
WHAT WOULD YOU 
ASK MR. NIXON? 

Popular TV interviewer David F rost interrupted the filming of his Nixon interviews to date Caroline Cushing, daughter of British actor Peter Cushing. 

THE STAR wants to know what your ques­ tion or questions would be if you had the chance to interview Richard Nixon. Just write: NIXON, The San Antonio Star, P.O. 
Box 2171, San Antonio, Texas, 78297. 

Famous figures reveal what they weald ask 

 ed a 2V2-to-8 year sentence at a federal prison in Arizona. 
WATERGATE Judge John Sirica said there were many questions he would dearly like to put to Mr. Nixon. 
“ But it would be quite wrong to say any­ thing at this time,” the 72-year-old justice told 
THE STAR. A special survey of Watergate’s headline makers revealed surprising reluc­ tance to reopen old sores. 
Asked what question he would most like to put to the former President, Judge Sirica said: “ I don’t think I had better say anything at this time. 
“ As far as I am concerned the case is not completely closed. There is still the litigation going on over whether the tapes should be made available to the networks.” 
Humorist Art Buchwald said the question he wanted to ask the ex-President was: “ What is your theory, Mr. Nixon, about the reason for the Watergate break-in?” 
Buchwald said: “There have been all sorts 

John Sirica: “Case isn’t closed.” 
Robert Redford: No punches pulled. 

 put 
_ 
_ 
_ answer. Somehow I feel it may always re­ main a puzzle. His next question, he said, 

 would be: “ Would you let your daughter mar­ ry G. Gordon Liddy?” 
Former senator Sam Ervin, chairman of the Senate Watergate Committee, told THE 
STAR: “ That’s an area I don’t want to get in­ to now. 
I’ve had my say in the appropriate chamber.” 
Friends say that John Ehrlichman, the No. 
2 man in the Nixon White House, would have 
“ lots and lots” of questions to put to his old boss. But it was impossible to reach the 
52-year-old former lawyer, who recently start- 

Bob Woodward, the young Washington Post reporter who uncovered the Watergate scan­ dal with former colleague Carl Bernstein, said: “ ITI leave it to Frost. I don’t want to start second guessing at this time.” 
Two members of Congress who played big roles in the Watergate drama—Peter Rodino and Barbara Jordan, said they would rather not comment on the questions they might have'put to the ex-President. 
Archibald Cox, the Harvard lawyer who was sacked by President Nixon as special Wa­ tergate prosecutor said: “ Many people have asked me what I would like to put to Mr. Nix­ on, but I don’t choose to comment.” 
Actor Robert Redford, star of the Water­ gate movie All The President’s Men said that ne hopes interviewer 
Frost will pull no punches with Nixon. 
“ I think the guy (Nixon) is probably the most miserable man our history has produced in this century. He should be put in a cage,” he said. 

 into his heavily decorated office in 
Strom Thurmond two Senate 

• THE SENATE has just passed a law limiting the outside income of its mem­ bers to $8,625 a year beginning in 1979. 
But there’s no need for anyone to feel sorry for them. Here’s why. 

By ROBERT SHRUM 

THE United States Senate dines in a room fit for the gods, were the gods partial to fine service, oversized chandeliers and authentic stained-glass imitation win­ dows that camouflage the walls. The air is of rarefied self-importance; better still, the price is right. 
A filet of sole stuffed with crabmeat and shrimp goes for $1o.95 in New York or San 
Francisco. In the Senators’ dining room, it costs $2.75. 
The last time most other restaurants served 
12-ounce sirloin steaks for $6.75 was circa 
1965. In the Senators’ dining room, time has stood still. 
Ail of this is subsidized, of course. By you. 
In 1975, the Senate restaurants reported a loss of $24o,ooo. 
Across the hill, the House of Representa­ tives, as befits its more plebeian dynamic, op­ erates its food service in the black. Still, a member can order a roast leg of lamb for 
$3.35. 
And neither the House nor the Senate figure into their balance sheets the salaries of res­ taurant workers, the cost of linen and plates, the price of dishwashers and other major equipment; such incidentals are buried, for instance, in the budget of the Capitol Archi­ tect. 
With all the standard expenses added in, the House restaurants are losing thousands of dollars a year, and the Senate $8oo,ooo, which works out to a culinary sub­ sidy of $8,ooo per senator per year. 
And that is only the tip of the iceberg. No detail is too small to embellish the lifestyle to which congressmen have become accus­ tomed. Free combs and brushes 

EACH CONGRESSMAN IS COSTING US 
SI.SM YEARLY, LARGELY IN CUT-RATE 
MEALS, CIGARETTES AND HAIRCUTS 

 spent three full days there covering the walls with 

• In 1975Senate restaurants lost $24o,ooo 

 are regularly delivered to mem­ bers offices. 
In their private barbershop, senators pay three dollars for a razor cut, style and shampoo—a quarter of the going rate in 
Georgetown. The barbershop also preserves the relic of another age, a 25-cent shoeshine. 
And cigarettes in the Imperial 
PX are 42 cents a pack. 
In the underground garage of the Rayburn Office Building, five full-time laborers wash and polish 
House member's cars. 
Across the street from the Ray­ burn Building, the 57 employees of the Botanic Garden nurture and then deliver two plants every other month to the 535 congres­ sional offices. 
These botanic niceties, from a 

 greenhouse costing taxpayers $1.2 million a year, are among the less expensive touches of congression­ al office decor. 
In 1977, the House will spend 
$4,ooo a member for furniture and furnishings. 
All members of Congress are entitled to 5o free picture fram­ ings a year, as well as free prints from the National Gallery of Art, just in case they run short of things to frame. Strom Thur­ mond, for one, has an office full of portraits, illustrations and tes­ timonials. 
Free massages help to improve the ambience in the Senate gym, but in fact it cannot compare with the splendor of the newer House gym, which features paddle ball courts, a sauna room, a basket­ ball court, a weight room, a car­ peted locker room and an Olym­ pic size swimming pool. 
Like any hustling city, Con­ gress’ domain is ever-expanding— 
$13o million worth of new con­ struction in the last five years. As swiftly as space is added, it is filled with new employees. 
The number of Senate staff members has more than doubled to 6,5oo since 196o; and in the 
House, the number has tripled to 
1o,ooo in the last two decades. 
Leading imperialists in the Cap­ itol include the Senate Sergeant- at-Arms, whose 1,2oo employees represent a 6oo percent increase in the last 5o years, and the Capi­ 

 tol Architect, whose office person­ nel has swelled by 23oo percent in the same period. 
Many of Congress’ employees expend their energies easing the legislative and intellectual bur­ dens of the imperium. There is, for example, the Congressional 
Reference Service of the Library of Congress. 
In theory, the service prepares studies of legislation and analyses of current issues. In fact, CRS employees also ghostwrite arti­ cles, partisan speeches, entire books and, frequently, term pa­ pers for congressional children. 
At congressional behest, CRS also fulfills constituent requests for information; last year, there were 64,ooo such requests. One 
• $1.2m. of our money spent on flowers, plants 

 representative dumped 4oo re­ quests on the service in one day. 
Other senatorial helpers include a corps of “gallery rats,” as they call themselves, who sit all day in the Senate gallery monitoring the proceedings on the floor below. 
At the ringing of the bell for a vote, they rush to the elevators to tell their employers, who have been off the floor, which way to vote. 
Otherwise, the Senate chamber often is nearly deserted. 
The standard defense for the empty chamber, as for the gallery rats, is that the legislators are busy elsewhere, usually in com­ mittee meetings and hearings. 
But last year, an Appropria­ tions Committee assistant named 
Harley Dirks had such trouble, rounding up senators to actually 

 hundreds of portraits, plaques, illustrations and testimonials. 

 health insurance, but not for what amounts to socialized medicine for Congress. 
This includes free annual physi­ cals, inoculations, physiotherapy, lab services and laminated, wal- let-size copies of electrocardi­ ograms. 
Medicare patients have to pay for their prescriptions out of So­ cial Security; senators get free drugs, vitamins and allergy shots from the IO offices and first-aid stations of the Attending Physi­ cian. 
A sick legislator can check into 
Walter Reed or Bethesda Hospital for the subsidized rate of $168 a day; it covers everything from a private room to 24-hour nursing care to open-heart surgery. 
And if the surgery fails, there is always the congressional life in­ surance of $47,ooo for an annual premium $432 — and an extra 
$55,ooo for no premium at all. 

Grown in this huge Botanic Garden are thousands of plants, two deliv­ ered every other month to the 535 congressional offices in Washington. 

 hold a nearing that he gave up and fabricated his own; ne used the names of real senators and witnesses, asking and answering fictional questions, and then had a transcript printed, complete with place, date and hour. 
One necessity congressmen never have to borrow for is medi­ cal care. The government may lack the resources for national 

Typical congressional pensions can reach $11,ooo annually after six years of service, $2o,ooo after 
15 years, and can soar as high as 
$38,ooo. 
Even the most conservative members of Congress wage no crusades against this election-to- grave welfare state for them­ selves. 
Not that congress is totally unwilling to share the good on 
Capitol Hill. Many members — good family men — share it with kin. 
Ten years ago, Congress passed an antinepotism statue forbidding members to hire their own rela­ tives. The law, however, has proved easy to circumvent through the good office of obliging colleagues. 

Newly elected House Majority 
Leader James Wright has had his clan all over Capitol Hill; wife, daughter and his son-in-law’s brother, who works in Wright’s own office. 
Patronage is a welcome and of­ ten valuable fringe benefit of con­ gressional service, but it hardly compares with the gratifying op­ portunities for travel abroad that come with a seat in the House or 
Senate. 
The full extent of congressional travel is well concealed, but the 

Senate aide pays $3.oo for razor- cut, style and shampoo — ifs 
$12.oo in Georgetown. 

 independent Congressional Quar­ terly estimates that, in 1975, at least 3o8 senators and representa­ tives joumed to foreign lands on “official missions” at least 544 times. 
Probably Congress’ most useful and misused privilege is the frank 
— the freedom to mail almost anything for nothing. 
Incoming mail to House mem­ bers last year totaled about 25 million pieces; outgoing mail over 
35o million. 
The telephone is another useful tool. House members are annual­ ly allotted 
15,ooo long-distance minutes, senators can have a free 
WATS line in both their offices and homes. 
The psychological value of the congressional good life is ob­ viously high. President Ford was understating the matter in his fi­ nal State of the Union message when he attacked “the million dol­ lar Congress.” 
This year, it will cost U.S. tax­ payers at least a million and a half dollars to finance each Capi­ tol Hill legislator. 
Congress clearly believes that 
God helps those who help them­ selves; tor 1977, it has appropriat­ ed almost a billion dollars to maintain itself, shoeshines and all. 

 a Condensed with permission 
^ from New Times Magazine, 
March 18, 1977. 

THE SAN ANTONIO STAR— April I 7, 1977 
PAGE I I 

— 
---------------------------------------------------------------------------- 
YOUR AMAZING ROOTS 

THOUSANDS of STAR readers responded to our request for the best stories about their ancestor’s roots. 

The remarkable stories sent to THE STAR reflect the whole vibrant, panoramic sweep of the American drama. 

Many readers have spent years researching their family backgrounds. Almost every race, religion, and national origin is represented in the thousands of entries. 

The entries include tales of heroism and villainy, wealth and poverty, great romance and bitter disappointments. 

In short, the whole fantastic story of the great 
American melting pot. 
STAR editors are selecting the best entries, and editing out the most exciting and readable story from each. 
The four stories on this page are an example of this. 
In each case, the writers submitted considerably more material than is printed here. 
Then the story was edited for readability and length. 

In future weeks, THE STAR will present more exciting stories drawn from the roots of its readers. 

One Parker became a chief’s bride after the Indian rampage 

EUGENE G. O’QUINN of Houston, Tex., traces his roots back five generations. This is his favorite family story: 
MAY 15, 1836, was the single most exciting day in the Parker family’s history, and very nearly its last. 
The entire Parker clan, numbering in the dozens, had come to East 
Texas the previous year to farm 

Quanah Parker, the last great Comanche chief, and relative of STAR reader Eugene G. O’Quinn. See story at right. 

 and preach the Baptist religion, rhey established the towns of Pa­ lestine and Elkhart, then fought with Sam Houston to defeat Santa 
Anna and win Texas indepen­ dence in April, 1836. After the vic­ tory over Santa Anna, the family members went home to their farms and Fort Parker, a stock­ ade they had built to protect themselves from Indian raids. 
On the morning of May 19, most of the Parker family was in the fields tending to spring planting that had been delayed by the fight with Santa Anna. Silas and his brother Benjamin, Grandfather 
John, and the women and chil­ dren were still in the fort when a band of Comanche, Caddo, and 
Kiowa Indians suddenly rode up. 
The Parkers were completely outnumbered. Benjamin went out 
Sea hero fell in love with the (Mid he saved from pirates 

MISS JANE ANDERS, of Knoxville, Tenn., follows her family history to colonial days. This is how it all began: 
MY roots in America begin with the beautiful love story of my 5th grandparents. Duncan King and Lydia Fosque. 
The story began in 1752, when a Spanish ship with a wealthy French family was plundered by pirates. Everyone aboard was killed, except for a five-year-old French girl with big, dark eyes—Lydia Fosque. 
Weeks later, the pirates’ for­ tunes were reversed. An English privateer, captained by a dashing, young Scotsman named Duncan 
King, overtook the pirate ship and won a furious battle. 
Young Lydia was saved. Cap­ tain King’s ship put into port in a 
French colony in North Carolina and left the young girl with a Mrs. 
Holmes. 
Lydia’s swashbuckling rescuer then sailed out of her life, or so everyone thought. 
Ten years passed. Lydia devel­ oped rapidly, as girls from south­ ern France often do. Her dark eyes became dazzling, and she turned into a beauty who would turn men’s heads. 
During this time, Mrs. Holmes 

$5o WINNER 

My family’s patriotism began early 

MRS. VIOLET HOYT SWEET, of 
Madison, N.J., has a relative who died a hero’s death: 
MY oth great grandfather, Ste­ phen Fay, had five sons. He sent his oldest, John, off to fight Brit­ ish tyranny in the Revolution. 
During a battle, John was firing from behind a tree when an ene­ my ball struck and killed him. 
Maddened to fury, John’s Amer­ ican friends routed the British. 
Then came the hard job. Some­ one had to tell Stephen of the 
.death of his son. 
“What, did John misbehave?’’ 
Stephen asked when the messen- g 

;r stammered. “Did he desert s post? Or run from a charge?” 
The messenger replied: “No, sir. Worse than that. He is among the slain. He died fighting.” 
Stephen replied: “Then I am satisfied. Bring him in and lay him before me, that I may behold the darling of my soul.” 
In the country that John Fay’s blood helped set free, the Fays have gone on to be many things. 
But we have kept one thing in common—a deep patriotism that was taught by our earliest ances­ tor and practiced by his son. 

 grew tired of the North Carolina settlement, and decided to move to another French community, in 
Savannah, Georgia. 
Mrs. Holmes saved her money and booked two passages aboard a ship. 
Imagine everyone’s surprise when the ship’s captain turned out to be Duncan King. 
Captain King had fought with 
Wolfe’s army in the conquest of 
Quebec in 1759, but now he was again making his living on the sea. 
King brought little girl’s toys for the child he remembered sav­ ing ten years before. But no child met his eyes. For both, it was love at first sight. 
Captain King was never one to delay on a decision. He consulted 

Lydia, who had no trouble making up her mind. They married soon after. 
For several years the union seemed a perfect love story. But 
Duncan King was a loyal British subject and a British soldier. 
When the Revolution began, 
King was oc the wrong side. 
I-ands he had been granted in 
Vermont and Canada were taken. 
King and his bride did not de­ spair. They returned to North 
Carolina, site of their greatest happiness and good fortune. 
There they rebuilt and lived out their lives in love auld happiness. 

Duncan died in 1793 at the age of 64. Lydia died in 1819 at age 7o. 
Their children now live all across the United States, and remember the great love story that began it all. 
CLOSE CALL ON GALLOWS 

TED MAY, of Kirksville, Mo., tells of one of the blackest mo­ ments in his family history: 
THIS is a story about my great grandfather and the time he was convicted of murder. The incident occurred in the 188os in Putnam 
County, Missouri, where James 
May and several members of the 
May clan had migrated. 
A traveling peddler disap­ peared. At first, this was of no concern because traveling ped­ dlers came and went all the time. 
However, one afternoon James and a friend were discussing a lo­ cal rowdy who was disturbing the peace. James made an off-handed comment: “We ought to do with him what we did to that peddler.” 

SIO WINNER 

This remark was overheard by 
Elbe Mills, an enemy of the fami­ ly. She promptly reported the statement to the sheriff. 
At the same time, some bleached bones were found out­ side of town. Some people said they were animal bones, but oth­ ers believed they were the re­ mains of the peddler. 
The sheriff arrested James. A trial was held. In those days on the frontier, medicine was not ad­ vanced. The bones were accepted as the peddler’s and James was convicted on circumstantial evi­ dence. He was sentenced to hang. 

The day of the execution drew near, when lo and behold, the ped­ dler came riding into town with new wares to sell. 
A bitter feud developed -be­ tween the May and Mills families after the incident. For many ears the courts were filled witn yei litiigations between the two fami­ lies over every fine point of law. 
James, his neck spared, lived a quieter life after that. He died in 
1923, at the age of 91. 

S5o WINNER 

 of the fort to pow-pow and find out what the Indians wanted. The 
Indians indicated they wanted meat and other food. Benjamin went back into the fort to talk it over with his relatives. 
Silas said he didn’t trust the In­ dians and told 
Benjamin he shouldn’t either. But Benjamin went out to talk with the Indians some more. The Indians were through talking, and killed Benja­ min on the spot. 
Terror, screaming, mass confu­ sion erupted. Grandfather John 
Parker was killed, and his wife left for dead. Some of the men in the fields heard shots and began running for the fort. One worker decided to run away. 
Silas Parker yelled for him to 
“remain and fight like a man.” 
Those were Silas’ last words, be­ cause an arrow killed him ma- mets later. 
Silas’ wife, Lucinda, ran away from the fort when the Indians swarmed inside. She led her chil­ dren—Cynthia Ann, 9, John, 7, Si­ las Jr., 2, and Orlena, five months 
—toward nearby cover. 
Some of the Indians spotted the mother and four children and rode after them. 
Lucinda s faithful dog attacked one of the Indian’s horses and brought him to the ground, but another Indian swept up Cynthia 
Ann and rode off with her. 
Lucinda’s brother-in-law, 
James Parker, fired several shots and scared Indians away from 
Lucinda, Silas Jr., and Orlena. 
But an Indian grabbed John and rode off. 
Young John was never seen again, but Cynthia Ann did come back, in a sad completion to her tragic life. 
Cynthia Ann was raised by the 
Comanches who captured her. She eventually married Chief Peuto- chonne (Peta Nocona). They had a son, Quanah Parker, the last great Comanche chief. 
In 1861, during a raid on a Co­ manche camp, Cynthia Ann was 
“freed.” For 27 years she had lived as an Indian, and now she was more devoted to her Indian family than her white one. 

But she was not allowed to re­ turn to the Comanches. Cynthia 
Ann died at her sister Orlena’s house three years later of a bro­ ken spirit. 
Orlena married and bore chil­ dren. I am one of Orlena’s de­ scendants. She is my great grand­ mother. 

WATCH FOR MORE STORIES 
FROM OUR READERS’ ROOTS 

M M I ! J J k T 
PAG! 12 
THE SAN ANTONIO STAR — April 17, 1977 

How your family’s weekly food bill has jumped by $2 in only one year 

By MEREDITH CHAPLIN 
THE average family’s weekly food bill went up nearly $2 in the past year, according to official figures. 
An analysis of 4o food items se­ lected from the Department of 
Labor’s Consumer Price Index re­ veals a price hike of nearly 6 per­ cent between February 1976 and 
February 1977, the latest figures available. This represents an in­ crease of $1.96. 
But the prices of fruit, vege­ tables and eggs are on the way down and we should be feeling the relief very soon, according to Dr. 
Larry Summers, an economist with the U.S. Department of Agri­ culture. The big jump in most 

 fruit and vegetable prices reflects the Florida freeze “the effects of which should be over before long,” he told THE STAR this week. 
“ Egg prices are due to fall very sharply. Prices went up last fall when demand was higher and the producers were increasing out­ put.” 
But there is no relief in sight for coffee prices. In fact they might get higher, said Dr. Summers. 
“We are still feeling the reac­ tion to the freeze in Brazil back in 
1975,” he said. “There’s no doubt more increases are on the way and no-one knows just when they will peak out.” 
Here are changes in checkout prices 

ITEM 
1976 
1977 
CHANGE 

CEREAL OR BAKERY 
PRODUCTS: 
Flour, 5 lb. 
$o.95 
$o.86 down 9o 
Com Flakes. 12 oz. 
o.52 
o.53 up 1o 
Rice, long grain, I lb. 
o.45 
o.4o down 5o 
Bread, white, I lb. 
o.35 
o.35 steady 

MEATS: 
Steak, round, I lb. 
1.86 
1.74 down 12o 
Chuck roast, I lb. 
1.o2 
o.93 down 9o 
Hamburger, I lb. 
o.88 
o.85 down 3o 
Pork chops, I lb. 
1.93 
1.83 down 1oo 
Pork sausage, I lb. 
1.54 
1.31 down 23o 
Bacon, I lb. 
1.76 
1.5o down 26o 
Frankfurters, I lb. 
1.21 
1.13 down 8o 
Salami sausage, 8 oz. 
o.92 
o.93 up 1o 

POULTRY: 
Frying chicken, I lb. 
o.61 
o.59 down 2o 
Turkey, I lb. 
o.75 
o.71 down 4o 

FISH: 
Ocean Perch, fillet, fzn. I lb. 
1.25 
1.61 up 36o 
Tuna fish. 6 V2 oz. can 
o.63 
o.68 up 5o 

DAIRY PRODUCTS: 

Milk, fresh, xk gal. 
o.83 
o.84 up 1o 
Ice cream , V2 gal. 
1.27 
1.31 up 4o 
Cheese, Am. process, 8 oz. 
o.87 
o.84 down 3o 

FRUITS & VEGETABLES: 
Apples, I lb. 
o.29 
o.37 up 8o 
Bananas, I lb. 
o.24 
o.24 steady 
Oranges, size 2oo, doz. 
1.o7 
1.17 up 1oo 
Potatoes, IO lb. 
1.56 
1.42 down 14o 
Onions, I lb. 
o.25 
o.31 up 6o 
Carrots, I lb. 
o.24 
o.43 up 19o 
Celery, I lb. 
o.37 
o.43 up 6o 
Cucumbers, I lb. 
o.38 
o48 up 1oo 
Tomatoes, I lb. 
o.54 
o.83 up 29o 
Spinach, IO oz. 
o.6o 
o.7o up 1oo 

PROCESSED FRUIT & VEG. 
Fruit cocktail 
o.46 
o.47 up 1o 
Orange juice, frozen 6 oz. 
o.29 
o.29 steady 
Tomatoes, #3o3 can 
o.35 
o.36 up 1o 
Broccoli, frozen IO oz. 
o.43 
o.46 up 3o 

OTHER FOODS: 
Eggs, Grade A, large, doz. 
o.9o 
1.o3 up 13o 
Margarine, I lb. 
o.54 
o.53 down 1o 
Sugar, 5 lb. 
1.27 
1.o7 down 2oo 
Coffee, I lb. can 
1.53 
2.8o up $1.27 
Coffee, instant, 6 oz. 
1.84 
2.57 up 73o 
Tea bags, pkg. 48 
o.89 
o.95 up 6o 
Cola drink, carton 72 oz. 
I 
1.3o 
1.o5 down 25o 

TOTAL SHOPPING BASKET 
$34.94 
$36.9o up $1.96 

U.S. WOMEN LIVE 7 YEARS LONGER 

WOMEN in the U.S. not only live longer than men—they’re actually increasing the difference in life spans, government figures show. 
Department of Health, Educa­ tion and Welfare figures reveal that the average female born to­ day can expect to live seven years longer than the average male. 
That’s an increase of 6.2 years over males born in 194o and 2.5 years over m ales born in 195o. 
A female bom in 1977 can ex­ pect to live to an average age of 
76, compared to a m ale’s 69. 
In 194o a newborn female had a life expectancy of 65.2 years, and a male 6o.8 years—a difference of 
4.4 years. 
A female bom in 195o could ex­ pect to live to the age of 71.1, a male baby to 65.6—a difference of 

THAN MEN 
4-5 years. As a result of the in­ crease in life spans, several life insurance companies are lowering their rates for women on term life insurance policies. 
Insurance companies almost always charge women lower rates than men (rf the sam e age for the same value policy. 
The rates for women are usual­ 

 ly based on what men three years younger usually pay for the same policy. 
But now North American Life and Health Insurance Co., along with two other companies, are in­ creasing that difference from three to five years. “ In other words, a woman 4o-years-old will now pay the same rate for $1,ooo as would a man 35-years-old,” 
Mary Ann Porncznit, director of marketing for North American, told THE STAR. 
Most couples here use birth control 

NEARLY 7o percent of all the m arried couples in the U.S. used contra­ ceptives in 1973, according to the National Survey of Family Growth. 
That percentage represents 18.5 million couples. ‘The 196o figure was 
5o.4 percent. Since 1965, the use of “ modern” contraceptive methods rose from 37 percent to nearly 7o percent among women using contra­ ceptive methods of any type. 

Stars ar having a whale of a time with the new riva to Jaws 

AFTER Jaw s and 
King 
Kong...it’s 
Orca, the killer whale. 
And he’s set his sights on co-stars, lovely 
Charlotte 
Rampling 
(top) and Richard Har­ ris (below), who clearly looks all at sea. 
But like his fel­ low monsters, 
Orca is really just a model. 
He cost produ­ cer Dino De Lau- rentiis $1o million to make, and he will make his debut in 
U.S. theaters this sum­ mer. 

Father Knows Best family returns to TV with tears, and kisses 
By WAYNE DARWEN and JOE RABINOW ITZ 

VIEWERS are in for a nostalgic treat next month when one of 
America’s all-time favorite families returns to TV for the first time in 14 years. 
The original cast of Father Knows Best has been reassembled for a 
9o-minute TV movie to be aired May 15 by NBC. 
The film will bring you up to date on what’s happened to the Ander­ son family since the long-running series went off the air. 
But this week 
THE 
STAR tracked down the real-life actors and actresses to find out what they’ve been through. 
• ROBERT YOUNG: After win­ ning two Emmy Awards for his portrayal of Jim Anderson on the old series, he went on to enjoy ad­ ditional show business success. 
He most recently starred in the 
Marcus Welby M.D. series on 
ABC. 
For years, producers tried to convince him to do a Father Knows 
Best reunion, but he steadfastly refused their offers. 
It was his wife, Betty, who fi­ nally sold him on the idea. She wrote the storyline for the movie, and the 7o-year-old actor was so impressed with it he agreed to the reunion. 
“ I wrote the story from my own experience,” Mrs. Young said. “I think Robert liked my idea be­ cause it was real and natural.” 
JANE WYATT: Her role as 
Jim Anderson’s wife Margaret on the old series brought her three 
Emmy Awards. 
When the series went off the air, she continued to take parts in other TV shows and motion pic­ tures. 
She has appeared recently in made-for-TV movies, and was featured in episodes of Love 
.American Style, Star Trek, Here 
Come The Brides, The Virginian, 
The Ghost And Mrs. Muir, and 
Wagon Train. 
Miss Wyatt, now almost 64, also remains active in social work. 
• 
LAUREN 
CHAPIN: 
She played Kathy Anderson and was only 14 when the series went off the air. 
She then moved with her father to Pasadena, Calif., and attended public school 
She married a high school sweetheart when she was 16, but that marriage ended in divorce two years later. 
About the same time, she was given $19,75o which, by court or­ der, had been invested for her as a child star. 
Lauren lived off those funds and money earned from small acting parts, and married again when she was 2o. The marriage was annulled after six months. 
From 1966 to 1971, she under­ went intensive analysis and thera­ py after suffering a physical and mental collapse. 
She married again and gave birth to a son, 
Matthew, in 1972. But the mar­ riage ended in divorce a year af­ ter the baby was born. 
Lauren then studied medicine for a time, but gave it up to coun­ sel and do lab work at a psychiat­ ric clinic. 
Just recently she quit the lab job to try to make a comeback as a country music singer. 
“ I have cut two records,” said 
Miss Chapin, 37, ‘‘but neither has been released yet.” 
• BILL GRAY: He starred as 
Bud Anderson on Father Knows 
Best and was 21 when the series ended. 
About a year after production ceased, he was arrested on suspi­ cion of drunk driving. Officers who searched his car found a small amount of marijuana seeds 

 and stems under the front seat of his car. He drew a jail term of three months and was placed on probation. 
“ This didn’t do my career any ood,” Billy said. He had trouble hiding parts, so he decided to live a life of leisure, and spent much of the next seven years traveling, skiing and surfing. 
He settled down with a woman during this time, married her about six years later, but was di­ vorced two years after that. 
After the marriage broke up, 
Billy became involved in motor­ cycle racing. “ I just fell in love with it,” he said. 
Since then, he has made a liv- out of promoting the sport. en he has the time, he takes small acting parts in movies and series. 
Now 39, he said he has no im­ mediate plans to remarry, but would like someday to have a son. 
• ELINOR DONAHUE: After 
Betty Anderson on Father ows Best, she walked directly into the role of Elbe, a druggist on The Andy Griffith Show. 
Her first marriage went sour, so she divorced her husband and was left with one child. 
A year after assuming the role in Andy Griffith, she re-married 
— this time to TV producer Harry 
Ackerman—and had three chil­ dren. 
For more than nine years, Miss 
Donahue accepted only bit parts while spending most of her time raising the children. 
Four years ago, she started doing TV commercials. “ It was mainly a hobby,” she said. “ I needed something to keep me busy.” 
The commercials led her back into TV and she has appeared in 
Police Story, Police Woman, The 

Robert Young and real-life wife, Betty: She wrote a storyline that moved him so much he agreed to the TV reunion. 

Rookies, S.W.A.T., and The Odd 
Couple. She is now 4o. 
The Father Knows Best series ran on three networks for a total of nine seasons beginning in 1954. 

It later went into syndication, and reruns are still being shown on TV stations throughout the country. In the forthcoming mov­ ie, Mr. and Mrs. Anderson are portrayed as grandparents cele­ brating their 35th wedding anni­ versary in a reunion with their children. 
Betty appears as a widow living in Chicago with two children. Bud is married, has a young son and lives in Minneapolis. And Kathy is 

 single and teaches physical edu­ cation in Kansas City. i 

“The program has a little of ev­ erything — some nostalgia, some laughs and some sadness,” said 
Renee Valente, supervisor of the movie. iI 
She said: “ Basically it deals with the empty nest syndrome that mothers and fathers go through when their children grow up and leave home.” 
I 
The filming of the movie, which was just completed, marked the first time the cast was together since the original series ended. 

Poodle still rated the top dog in U.S. 

AFTER 17 years at the top, the poodle is still the most popular dog in the country, says the 
American Kennel Club. 
Only one other breed — the cocker spaniel — has been as pop­ ular for as long. 
Registration figures for the poo­ dle show it is well ahead of all other breeds. 
It lias been the most popular dog in America since 196o The cocker spaniel was number one from 1936 until 1953. 
The number two breed in Amer­ ica today is the German shep­ herd, the AKC reports. 
Registration for both poodles and German shepherds is declin­ ing though. 
The poodle was at the peak of its popularity in 1969 when there were 274,779 registered. There are only 126,779 registered now. 
Despite this, the breed remains number one by a wide margin and appears headed for a record 18th year on top. 
But the 
German shepherd, which has been firmly entrenched in the number two position, may be surpassed next year by the 
Doberman pinscher. 
German shepherd registrations have slipped from 86,o14 in 1974 to 
74,723 now. 
In the meantime, Doberman registrations have increased from 
45,11o to 73,615. 
Rounding out the top IO for this year are Irish setters, cocker spaniels, beagles, Labrador re­ trievers, dachshunds, miniature schnauzers and golden retrievers. 
During the past 5o years, only five breeds have ranked first in the hearts of Americans. 
The 
German shepherd was number one from 1926 to 1928. The 
Boston terrier took over in 1929 and remained on top until the cocker spaniel came along in 1936. 
In 1953, the beagle became the top dog in the land. It stayed there until the poodle began its reign in 196o. 

Ti 
SELF-DEFENSE FOR WOMEN 

By Emil Farkas of the National Self Defense Institute. 
Drawings by Glenn Vilppu. 

IF YOU are grabbed from behind but your arms are not pinned to your sides, quickly step on your attacker’s toes hard. As he concentrates on his pain, pivot and elbow him hard on the side of the face. Shout on impact and run when he releases his grip. 

Nom Lewis’ best bets 

New York 
DESERT OUTLAW—Well rested. 
Trials say ready. BOLD PAL­ 
ETTE—Will win big. Hop aboard. 
EQUAL HONOR—Likes a dis­ tance of ground. HED MISS—Can handle $8,ooo claimers. DRAW­ 
ING ROOM—Ah alert start, is all this filly needs. BEST BET—ALL 
THE ANGLES. 
New Jersey 
SUPER STARTER-Is training in black print. RALPH H—Full of run. TRIPLE REEF—Has never looked better. CARY STREET— 
Knocking the barn-door down. 
ENCHANTED 
NATIVE-Will argue the issue. BEST B E T - 
PROUD KENN. 
New England 
SMILING 
FA C ES-Will fatten your bankroll. RIX LAD—The one to beat. RICER—Ready for best. 
PICKS BEAUTY-Won’t disap­ point. SQUAD GIRL—Has good early lick. BEST BET—BRUCE 
IRA. 
Pennsylvania 
BIG AME—Game sort, Looks fit. 
BIG DOUGH—Needs a drop in class. 
SEVENTH 
DAWN—Is 

 quick from the gate. MARTIN 
HAGLEY—Bam high on this one. 
TYPEWRITER—Will pick up a check. 
BEST 
B E T -MASTER 
SCOTT. 
Maryland 
EXCHANGE TIME—At his best. 
GUN FROLIC—Won’t look back. 
LATEEN—Is racing fit. QUAD 
KHALE—Has been raced into top condition BETTER WAVE—Will steal off, and hide. BEST BET— 
IRISH JIMMY. 
Florida 
STEP IN TIME—Needs an inside post position. NEED A DIME— 
Classy sort. Is on edge. MON­ 
TANA WINDS—Is in the pink. 
FATHER’S SHADOW— Every poll a winning one. MANIDEVO—All the way. Next time out. BEST 
BET—LANDSCAPER 
California 
TAR SIENPRE—This one can step with the best. NATALIE 
WILSHIRE—Approaching a win­ ning effort. HIGHLAND LIGHT— 
Looks, and acts good. HABITONY 
—Can run all day long. HOT N 
NASTY—Loves the grass. BEST 
BET—BUCKS CLUB 

Thousands of Star readers why they’re s with Charlie’! 

WE asked: Which Charlie’s Angel do you like the best? Thousands of STAR readers wrote to tell us their favorite. 
Top of the list with 48 percent of the vote was Far- rah Fawcett-Majors. America’s favorite pin-up girl. 
Farrah got more than twice as many votes as her nearest rival Jaclyn Smith with 21 percent of the vote. Rate Jackson came in Uiird with 12 percent. 
But almost one in Five of our readers couldn’t make a choice bet ween the three 

 fell us in love 

HERE S HOW THEY VOTED - AND WHY THEYTSpOSE FARRAH 

FARRAH 
48% JACLYN 21% 

 girls—they loved them all. 
Most of the letters came from teenagers, but the writers ranged in age from six to 7o. 
And, surprisingly, as many women as men wrote in. Instead of being jealous of the Angels, many said the beauties inspire them to improve their own looks. 
Some of the letters were flow­ ing with praise for the Angels, for their portly sidekick Bosley and their mysterious employer Char­ lie. 
Other letters were funny and some were touching. Here’s a se­ lection from them: 
FAVORITE FARRAH 

MY FAVORITE Angel is Far­ rah Fawcett-Majors. She has the true beauty and loveliness every woman wants—a sexy voice, shi­ ny hair, lovely skin. She s cap­ 

 tured the attention of young and old with her great poster, but most of all with her great affec­ tion for everyone.—Curt Thomp­ son, Grove City, Ohio, 
FARRAH is the greatest. She is so sexy and yet down to earth. 
She is the type of girl that you could bring home to Mama, but 

Dad would like her better.—Eddie frillier, SharonhiU, Pa. 
FARRAH tops the list. She s got a nice figure, pretty face and a head of hair that brings out the best in me —Ted Willis, Oakville, 
Oat. 
I’M ANOTHER victim of Far­ rah. She’s not just an extremely beautiful woman. She’s a god­ dess...a Texas goddess.—H.L. Sos- samon, Walters, Va. 
I 
KNOW Heaven is missing three angels, but my favorite is 
Farrah. She’s got to be as femi­ nine as you can get—intelligence, talent and sex appeal all rolled in­ to one.—Bill Roberts, Hamilton, 
Out. 
I ONCE saw Farrah in person. 
I felt a deep loving warmth, and it made me wish more people were like her.—Robyn Mitchell, 
Palm Springs, Calif. 
JACLYN SMITH 
I REALLY adore Jaclyn Smith. 
She’s the prettiest of the three, even though everybody raves about Farrah. Jaclyn has got it all—looks, brains, talent, and a devoted fan... me .—Larry John­ son, Chicago III. 
JACLYN is my favorite. Now there s a girl with talent and looks. She’s as graceful as a swan...a true princess—Doris 
Hollyman, Swisshome, Ore. 
I VE DECIDED on Jaclyn with those oh so kissable lips. She can move in anytime she wants. My wife just moved out.—Ray R. 
Rouse, Pocatello, Idaho. 
SHE S the Angel who I rate a goddess.—Ronald Townsend, Car­ ibou, Maine. 
KATE JACKSON 
I THINK all of Charlie’s Angels are great actresses, but Kate 
Jackson is the best. She works hard to keep up with Farrah and 
Jaclyn. Ana do you know what? 
She’s doing one heck of a good job of it.—Vicki 
Nemetz, 
West 
Brownsville, Pa. 
KATE is a proper beauty. She 

ALL THREE 19% would be a great influence as an older sister, and I just wish she could be mine—Molly Sawyer, 
South Salem, N.Y. 
IF I had to make a choice among the three, it would have to be Kale because I ve always pre­ ferred brunettes. 
At age 64, 
I can dream, can’t I?— Dav­ id Parker, Overland, Mo. 

ALL THREE 

MY HUSBAND an I both love watching Charlie’s Angels. They are all very beautiful women. 
My husband says he likes Ja­ clyn Smith best. I prefer Rate 
Jackson. She is beautiful in an honest, natural way. Also she seems to be the most sincere. 
You know, it’s really hard to be choosey with this bunch. They sure make our Wednesday eve­ ning brighter after a hard day's wont.—A.B. Stuttgart, Ark. 

Dozens of snakes infest a couple's 
$6o,ooo home 

MRS. VAUGHN Krake has snakes 
—and just about everybody is tell­ ing her how to get rid of them. 

Dozens of people have contact­ ed Mrs. Krake since news reports that she had found 45 snakes in the basement since moving into her $6o,ooo home in Minnetonka, 
Minn., four months ago. 

Here are some ways she has been told to get rid of the snakes: 

• Tie a rope around the house because snakes won’t cross a rope. 

• Fill the house with mothballs because snakes can’t stand moth­ balls. 

• Rub turpentine around the house because snakes dislike the way it feels on their skin. 
• Bum sulphur candles because the odor bothers snakes. {It both­ ers people, too, the caller noted). 
One letter offered no solution at all, but said anyone who can af­ ford a $6o,ooo house should be able to figure out how to get the snakes out of it. 
Mrs. Krake and her husband 
Wally have done just that. 
They plan to re-cement the blocks in their basement and fill in the holes around the house. 

[America tells 
Carter howl to solve the energy crisis 

PRESIDENT Carter has been told how to handle the energy cri­ sis ...by thoussands of ordinary 
Americans. 
The White House has received a 
, flood of suggestions from people ranging from plumbers to board chairmen after the President’s plea last month for energy-saving ideas. 
Administration officials sent out 
35o,ooo letters to 
Americans picked at random, asking them to send in their suggestions. In just over two weeks, they received more than 2o,ooo replies. 
Almost every letter contained at least half a dozen ideas. 
Twenty of the writers were asked to the White House for a discussion, and 4oo of the letters were used to produce a report which is being rushed to energy chief James Schlesinger. Many of the other ideas have been fed into a computer. 
Here is a sample of suggestions sent in: 
• Ban daytime television; 
• Set a minimal age of 18 years for car drivers; 
• Eliminate night time and weekend shopping; 
• Close public schools, either during bitter winter months or the hottest months. 
• Construct nationwide bike­ ways; 
• Allow power companies to load home bills wiiich go over a certain average; 
• Use ocean tides as a source of electrical power; 
• Recycle all garbage; 
• Ban the production of large cars. 
Henry Dyer of Radford, Va., suggested gasoline could be saved by eliminating football, basketball and baseball games between high schools. 
One letter from a Trappist Mon­ astery called for the development of a million windmills to produce and store electricity. 
One of the more intriguing ideas came from a man in Maine who had already begun a personal ef­ fort towards energy self-sufficien­ cy. “I am building a squirrel windmill cage to generate pow­ er,” he wrote. 
It cost $13 to process each letter that came in, according to Bert 
Greenglass, an official with the 
Environmental 
Research and 
Development Administration. 
SCHOOL GANG 
ROBS’ A BANK 
WEARING masks and firing pis­ tols, six bandits swooped into a bank, scooped up a bag of money and fled. 
Irater they returned, handed back the stolen goods and said a polite “Thank you’’ to bank offi­ cials in Great Yarmouth, En­ gland For the six gunmen were really schoolboys firing cap pis­ tols, and the bank raid was a proj­ ect for their school newspaper. 
It was all arranged in advance, but the make-believe bank rob­ bers got a blast from local police. 

This tiger cub wants to look after his pal 

TWIGGY, a 12-week-old tiger cub, thinks he’s already big enough to run the zoo patrol at Windsor Safari Park in England. So he steps be­ hind the wheel of a landrover belonging to Chief Game Warden Garry 
Smart. Someday, he’ll grow to weigh 5oo pounds. 
UNHAPPY COUPLES TOLD TO SPLIT UP 
UNHAPPILY married couples should not stay to­ gether for the sake of their children, a television sur­ vey of viewers lias revealed. 
The poll, conducted for ABC’s Good Morning 
America show, asked 782 people whether couples whose marriages are on the rocks should remain to­ gether if they have kids. 
Sixty-five percent said no. Nineteen percent said yes and sixteen percent were undecided. 
Women, in particular, said that people should not 

 sacrifice their own happiness for the family unit. 
Sixty-nine percent of those polled said the couple should split up, while 14 percent said they should not. 
Sixty percent of the men surveyed said unhappily married couples should not stay together for the sake of the kids. 
People between the ages of 18 and 34 felt strongest about the matter, while those over 5o gave the split- up less support. 

Amy Carter’s little cookbook 

MOVE OVER, Julia Child,.. . and make room for Amy Carter. 
The President’s nine-year-old daughter loves to cook. Now she’s disclosed three of her favorite reci­ pes in the just-published Plains Pot Pourri cookbook 
(Convention Press, $5.oo). 
The recipes, printed in Amy’s careful penmanship, are for Little Brown Hens, Daisy Salads and a calo­ rie-rich dessert called Puffy Mallow Snowballs. 
The women of the Carter clan are well-known for their cooking skills and Amy is keeping up the tradi­ tion, according to Mrs. Pharis Walton of Plains, Ga. 
“Well, she’s better than most nine-year-olds who like to cook,” Mrs. Walton told THE STAR. 
Mrs. Walton is president of the Plains Jr. Wom­ an’s Club, which published the new cookbook. Amy’s three recipes appear in the section of the book titled 
Gov. Carter’s Family Favorites. 
THE STAR prepared Amy’s recipes in its test kitchens and found the Little Brown Hens deliciously different, the Puffy Mallow Snowballs scrumptious if you don’t mind gaining a pound or two, and the Dai­ sy Salads—picturesque. 
Readers can order Plains Pot Pourri by sending 
$5 plus $1 for handling to Plains Jr. Woman’s Club, 
Plains, Ga. 3178o. And now, here are Amy’s recipes. 

Little Brown Hen 

Chef Amy Carter 

I tbsp soy sauce 
P/2 cups uncooked in­ stant white or brown rice 
5 or 6 parsley sprigs 
(optional) 

4 Rock Cornish hens (I lb. each. May substitute chicken breasts J 
2 tbsps. butter or mar­ garine 
2 tbsps. Worcestershire sauce 
Thaw 4 hens in refrigerator 12 to 16 hours before baking. When the hens are thawed, heat oven to 35o degrees. Wash the hens and pat dry with paper tow­ els. Tie the legs of each hen together with a piece of string. 
Line broiler pan with aluminum foil so the pan will be easy to clean. Place the hen breast sides up on rack in the foil-lined pan. Melt 2 tbsps butter in saucepan over low heat. Stir in 2 tablespoons Wor­ cestershire sauce and I tablespoon soy sauce. 
Brush the hens generously with the seasoned but­ ter. Save remaining butter for later. Bake in 
35o-degree oven 2 hours. Cut the strings and throw away. Prepare I Vfe cups instant rice as directed on package. Spoon into 4 mounds on platter. Just before serving, brush the hens again with remaining sea­ soned butter. Lift the hens onto the rice nests with pancake turner. Garnish with 5 or 6 parsley sprigs. 

\ 
Daisy Salads 
I ruffly lettuce leaf 
11/3 cups creamed cot- 
4 canned peach halves loge cheese 
4 maraschino cherries 
4 large marshmallows 
I celery stalk colored sugar 

Wash I lettuce leaf and pat dry with paper towel. 
Lift 4 peach halves from can and 4 maraschino cher­ ries from jar with fork and place on paper towels to dry. Wash I celery stalk and pinch oft leaves. Cut the celery into thin strips about 2 inches long and Va inch wide on cutting board. 
Spoon 1/3 cup cottage cheese onto center of each salad plate. Place I peach half cut side up on each cottage cheese mound. Cut each marshmallow cross­ wise into 5 pieces with scissors. (Dip scissors into glass of water to keep the marshmallows from stick­ ing.) Empty a little colored sugar into bowl. Dip the cut sides of the marshmallow pieces into the colored sugar. Arrange 5 pieces, in the hollow of each peach half to resemble the petals of a daisy. 
Place I maraschino cherry in the center of each daisy. Use I celery strip for the stem of each daisy. 
If you like, place I or 2 celery leaves on each side of the strip. Tear the lettuce leaf into 4 strips and ar­ range I strip at the base of each stem for the grass. 

Puffy Mallow Snowballs 

A ring of grapes and a couple of lemon wedges are colorful garnishes for Amy Carter’s Daisy Salad. 

 the ice cream is firm. About IO minutes before serv­ ing, heat oven to 5oo degrees. 
Just before serving, take one waffle out of the freezer and press Vz cup of the marshmallows into the ice cream. Return the first waffle to the cookie sheet in the freezer. Take the second waffle out of the freezer and press remaining Vz cup marshmal­ lows into the ice cream. Return the second waffle to the cookie sheet. 
Bake in 5oo-degree oven 3 minutes or until the marshmallows are light brown. Watch every minute so you can take them out as soon as they’re ready. 
Lift the desserts to 2 dessert plates with pancake turner. Drizzle I tablespoon chocolate-flavored syrup over each dessert. Serve right away. 
Note: the marshmallows and waffles keep the ice cream from melting in the oven. 
/Imu Cay-j-ct- 
’J 

Smiles tan tell you what others are secretly thinking 

UTENSILS: 
Toaster; 
Cookie sheet; Ice cream scoop; Pancake turner; 
2 dessert plates. 
INGREDIENTS: 
2 frozen waffles (4xh. in. 

 across); 2/3 cup choco­ late ice cream; I cup miniature marshmal­ lows; 
2 tablespoons chocolate flavored top­ ping. 

THE way a person smiles re­ veals what he is thinking, ac­ cording to a leading psychia­ trist. 
There are IOO smiles—all with different meanings—said 
Dr. 
Ewan Grant of Birmingham Uni­ versity, England. 
Certain smiles mean warmth and friendship while others mask feelings of hostility. 
“Watch the way your partner or friend smiles,” said Dr. Grant. 
“lf ifs your husband, the way he smiles at a clerk in a store— unless she’s blonde and gorgeous 
—won t be the way he smiles at you when he’s just polished off his favorite meal. 
“The way he smiles at the chil­ dren when they’re being good will not be the way he smiles at the next-door neighbor who wants to borrow the lawnmower. 
“Your husband, and you, proba­ bly have as many smiles as you have moods. 
“And it’s up to each of you to discover what the other’s smiles mean.” 
Dr. Grant said the six main smiles for most people are the simple smile, the upper smile, the lip-in smile, the oblong smile, the quick reflex smile and the broad smile. 
Here is Dr. Grant’s explanation of what you can learn about your mate by watching his smiles: 
• lf he is sitting quietly and smiling a SIMPLE SMILE you can be sure he's feeling pleased with himself. He won’t be showing his teeth and his mouth will be de­ cidedly curved. This is a good time to find out what he’s think­ ing. 
• The UPPER SMILE is polite, and has a certain amount of warmth in it. The smiler shows just Hie upper teeth and opens his mouth only slightly. 
This can be a respectful smile, and it’s most likely the one your husband uses on formal occasions or when greeting acquaintances. 

By STAB REPORTER 

E 

A prolonged upper smile, lasting longer than necessary, is a sign of warmth and friendliness. 
• Your husband won t see him use the LIP IN SMILE often be­ cause it s mostly used by girls. 
But he may use it when smiling at his boss or a relative he admires who makes him feel inferior. He smiles showing his upper teeth but bites his bottom lip at the same time. Teenage girls often use this smile when chatting with a boy they have a crush on. When our husband smiles like this, pay rn a secret extravagant compli­ ment to boost his ego. 
• The OBLONG SMILE is the one to watch. The mouth opens slight­ ly and shows the teeth but doesn’t curve upwards at the comers. It’s a polite reflex with no warmth or affection. If your husband smiles at you like this, he’s spoiling for a fight—or has already started one. 
• The 
QUICK 
REFLEX 
SMILE is also false. People have been known to smile like this even at their enemies. It’s the smile that looks as if the smiler doesn’t know what else to do with his face. 
• The best smile of all is the 
BROAD 
SMILE. 
It s big and wide. Top and bottom teeth can be clearly seen, lf your husband smiles this way at you, he’s gen­ uinely pleased with you or he’s really amused. 
Children smile like this when they’re excited or happy. All of us should smile like this when we are fully delighted. 
Sadly, some of us have lost the knack, says Dr. Grant. 
STAR TOLD TO TURN 
AWAY HIS OWN FANS 
COUNTRY entertainer 
Webb 
Pierce, well-known for inviting fans onto his 1o-acre estate, is now having to turn them away. 
A court has ruled the activities are in violation of the ordinances of the City of Oak Hill, Term. 

S T A R S C O P E i f S T A R S C O P E ★ S T A R S C O P E 

K M A R IE S: V larth 
I ^ J 
>1 to April lit 
MOON and Jupi­ ter in 
Gemini promises re­ newed affection for siblings and relatives. A rela­ tive can be de­ pended on to get you entrees to new places. Look for bargains. 

Toast 2 waffles, then cool about 15 mintues. Place on ungreased cookie sheet. Place I scoop of ice cream in the center of each waffle. Quickly place the waffles in freezer. Freeze about I hour or until 

BHB LIBRA: Septem - ber 34 to Oct. 33 

YOU are expand­ ing your intellec­ tual horizons. 
This may come from an opportu­ nity for extensive travel or by going back to school. 
You will be read­ ing a lot more. 

□ 
TA U RU S: April 
3o to M ay 3o 
JUPITER in your money house means greater earnings but more hard work and ef­ fort, too. It is a lovely week ex­ cept for a minor crisis on April 22 and 26. 

 r p HI on 

KUS SC O R PIO : Octo* y y jjb c r 34 to Nov. 22 
YOU can use your resources to in­ crease security or use material re­ sources to further your selfish ways. 
What you sow you will reap. You can salvage some­ thing unusual. 

G E M IN I: May 
21 to Ju n e 31 
JUPITER, the planet of luck is revving up your career, but get­ ting out and being seen is what makes you feel successful. 
Jupi­ ter brings oppor­ tunity, expansion and the unusual. 

SA G ITTA RIU S: 
Nov. 23 tol>ec.21 
A 
MARRIAGE opportunity may present itself if you are single, lf you are already married, your attitude about your partner changes. Try to work it out. 

C A N C ER : Ju n e i M j | 
22 to Ju ly 22 
YOUR sensitivity makes you keenly aware of the thoughts and feel­ ings of people around you. "You have more empa­ thy for those who are suffering. Vis­ it someone who is hospitalized. 

B f ' L E O : Ju t) 23 to 
A ugust 22 
YOUR friends will be of consid­ erable help to you in the week ahead, and you become more goal oriented. 
This is not a time when you should go it alone Saturn makes you moody 

I l l VIRGO: \uguM 
A g ; Ii to Sept 
23 

ZODIAC rewards brings worldly success and luck in career areas. 
Be cautious if you seek happiness rather than suc­ cess. 
You may have passed up many good opportunities. 

CA PR IC O R N : 
Dec 22 to Ja n . 19 
HEALTH and work situations improve. A hobby can become a money-making proposition. If you nave grown chil­ dren, there is an increase in their earnings. 

 fCM 
AQUARIUS: t £ 3 Ja n . 2o to F eb. 19 
YOUR destiny is strongly linked to romance, so look over all would-be lovers carefully before you choose the one. If you are already married, there may be a new baby. 

PISA ES: k J y t eb 19 to M ar JC 

JUPITER is urg­ ing you to make home - surround­ ings nicer, but do some comparison shopping if you intend to move into a more ex­ pensive home. 

LAURIE BRADY 

THIS I BELIEVE 

By S t e v e D u n l e a v y 
YOUR SUNDAY CROSSWORD 

 rn 
-JBT 

A C R O S S 
77 M on th s 
141 C olle ge 
(a b b r) cheer 

1 ‘‘S h in d ig " 
78 Im partial 
1 42 D o n k e y s 
6 G rinding 
79 Telam on 
1 44 Egyptian tooth 
81 Fem inine g o d d e ss 
11 Endured suffix 
1 46 Journey 
16 Fully 
82 Sm all 
1 48 M e xican 

 grown c a se 
‘ gold 
21 Love 
83 Deer 
1 49 Attending 
•m adly' horns 
1 5o C h em ica l 
22 G reek 
85 M u sic a l ending letter sign 
1 51 C on ce ite d 

23 The 
86 M ake one 2 earth weil w ds 
24 Sum atran 
88 Satisfied 
154 Dem eter s beast 
89 Boat daughter 

25 Japanese padd les 
1 56 And mile 
9 o H o u se 
Latin 
26 Cloth feature 
157 Striped m easure 
91 Throw equine 
28 Parochial 
92 Rubber 
159 W eird 
3o B e h o ld 1 tube 
16o Stale 
31 N ickel 
93 R o gu ish 
162 Sh eeplike sym bol 
95 Farm 
164 W ear 
32 Fem ale structure aw ay saint 
96 Stubborn 
1 65 Ringlet 
34 Sh oal beast 
166 Sim pleton 
36 W itnessed 
97 Protection 
1 67 Valor 
37 Short 
1oO Departed aw ard plant stalk 
1o1 W hale herd 
D O W N 

39 S o u p vegetable 
4o Dom estic slave 
42 O pera solo 

1o2 D ulverize 
1o4 Type size 
1o5 Bill 
1o6 Sp a n ish article 
44 Breadw inner 1o7 Alleviate 
46 Helm positions 
4 7 D iscover 
48 Insanity 
51 Anim al fat 
53 W ading bird 
55 Sh a k y 
58 Jungle m onarch 
6o C om bining form: 
M aim ed 
62 Lengthier 
65 Orifice 
66 Befuddled 
68 Withdraw 
7o Continent 

I o9 Girl s nam e 
11o G lo ssy fabric 
111 Fish lure 
I I 2 Plural ending 
1 1 3 G antries 
115 Orthodontic 
I I 7 C ard gam e 
118 C am e closer 
1 2o Geraint s wife 
1 22 Incline 
I 23 Coin m aker 
1 24 Skinflint 
71 Prevaricator 1 26 Stalk 
72 Dueling sw ord 
73 Policem an sla ng 
75 R o se barb 
76 Deadly viper 

128 H igh churchm an 
I 3o Bivalve 
1 32 Sprint 
134 Distant 
136 R u ssia n despot 
137 W ander 

1 Analyze gram m atically 
2 M ine entrances 
3 R igh t­ hand p age 
4 Attempt 
5 Time period 
6 New 
7 Hindu m antra 
8 French article 
9 G row s old 
1o Hurried 
11 Rem ain intact: 2 wds. 
12 Three m u sic 
13 B o u n d aries c om b form 
14 H aran gu e 
1 5 Bre akfast roll 
16 Salt tree 
1 7 Philippine tree 
18 Elevator direction 
19 Irish 

 fabric 
2o Trinity 
27 Prepared 
29 Afternoon parties 
33 Printing m easure 
35 B a se b a ll player 
38 Rind rem overs 
39 Bullet sound 
41 Live coal 
43 Sta g e w hisper 
45 Prophet 
4 7 Baptism al v esse l 
49 Old: 
G erm an 
5o Peruvian com 
52 W aste allow ance 
54 C h estn ut horse 
55 Girl s nam e 
56 Sc a llio n t 
57 R o cket sh o ts 
59 D eliciou s drink 
61 Plural pronoun 
6 3 Follow 
64 Sp e e d y 
6 6 Egyptian bull 
67 B lo ck h e a d 
6 9 G a rd en flower 
72 Pitcher h an d le s 
74 New 
Z e a la n d fort 
76 C oncom itant 
78 M aid e n h air 
79 O n w ard 
8 o U pbraid 
8 2 Com fort 
84 M ilk 
French 
8 5 In favor of 
87 Exploit 
8 8 Divan 
9 o D eface 
91 U nderground p a s s a g e 
92 M ild expletive 
9 3 Girl s nam e 
94 Sublet 

95 H a T le ss 
96 Intellect 
97 Pickling herb 
9 8 Apartm ent 

99 M atriculate 
1o1 M o to rle ss p lan e s 
1 o3 Su n deity 
1 o4 C oncert m usician 
1o7 B e llico se god 
1o8 J a pan e se com 
11o B e gin 
1 1 1 1 Silly m istake: sia n g 
1 1 3 E d ge 
114 R a m a ch a n d ra s wife 
I 1 6 Fiber knot 
1 1 7 F ingerle ss glove 
1 19 Oriental nurse 
1 21 C on tam in ates 
123 Italian nam e 
I 25 W inter apple 
1 27 C ru sh 
1 29 Sell 
1 3o Current fad 
I 31 Su b se qu e n tly 
1 33 M ore m odern 
1 35 Italian city 
1 38 H aw aiian bird 
1 39 Am phitheater 
1 4o Traveler s stop 
1 42 W in g s 
1 43 P arch ed 
1 45 C arn elian 
147 Sch o o l d a n ce 
1 5o California fort 
I 52 Fairy port 
153 The g o d s 
Latin 
155 Night before 
I 58 Bu d dh ist m onk 
161 A s far a s 
1 63 Sm all fish 

SEE SOLUTION PAGE 19 

YOU MAY not like very much what you are about to read. 
Tough. It’s all about a man who lives in California. His name is 
Richard Milhouse Nixon. 
You people out there probably want to forget the agony he has endured. 
That’s pretty damn well convenient. You voted for him but you would like him to go away and stop em barrassing you. Right? 
The agony he has suffered would drive a lot of men or women to suicide or murder. 
He has best-selling authors doubt his sanity and talk about his wife's alleged drinking habits and sex life. 
The authors who write these things have servant’s quarters I would like to call home. That’s how rich they have become. 
Yet, there was a year when you cheered him and exulted in his victory. 
Actually, 64 per cent of the voting population did that. You DID do that. 
You see, as we want to forget now, it all had to do with Watergate. And shouldn’t we, now. put that whole “ panty raid” in perspective? 
There was a bunch of “ Terry and the P irates” who broke into the 
Democratic Party headquarters wanting to prove that presidential aspir­ ant, George McGovern, was getting financial assistance from Cuba. 
That, friends, is what it was all about. Nothing more. 
So the Washington Post proved it was a preposterous criminal act and added to its questionable status by saying so. Now I know murderers who have served less time than G. Gordon Liddy. But back to McGovern. 
I think George McGovern is an honest if a slightly misguided individual. 
Why should anyone think the McGovern claque was ever getting financial support from Cuba? 
Well, I know that as Cuban mercenaries were about to invade Angola, he wanted to give Cuba medical supplies. I know that. And I know there was a bylined article in the New York Times magazine by George McGovern where he talks about “ Fidel” not Castro, not the Premier of Cuba, but. 
“ Fidel.” 
And I know the Associated Press had a nice picture of him on his recent second visit to Cuba, applauding loudly as a Cuban basketball team thrashed an American team from his home state of South Dakota. I know that. 
And I know that President Richard Nixon (I still call him President) is fighting off the barracudas, it is Nixon who is the bad guy, and McGovern the potential savior. George wants high office so much, he can taste it. 
Perhaps that “ Terry and the Pirates” gang in Watergate, while inept, wasn’t exactly paranoid in its suspicions about the source of money for 
McGovern’s campaign. 
I wouldn’t accuse Mr. McGovern of this — but damn it, if you sleep with dogs, you often get fleas. It is good to remember all this because very soon. 
President Nixon is going on television. 
He is being interviewed by David Frost, who apart from being, as the gossip columnists say, “ the world’s most losing bachelor” — is a man noted for his singular lack of journalistic evenhandedness. (Some people say he even stacks audiences to cheer him on.) 
So, when Mr. Frost comes up with his “ blockbuster” interview I it is well to recall a few things about President Nixon. 
ONE: He certainly lied in covering up the idiocy of his thug-like aides. 
But then, Harry Truman lied about his reason for firing MacArthur. 
Dwight Eisenhower lied about his golf handicap. 
John Kennedy lived a lie as far as his sex life was concerned. 
And Lyndon Johnson lied about his influence peddling with special interest groups. (When was the last time you met a poor Texan — who is white, anyway?) 
TWO: President Nixon never saw a single cent of profit by president. 
THREE: He was the man who. most hated by liberals, did what the liberals screamed about loudest and clearest. Ile ended the war in Viet­ nam. 
FOUR: He was the man who de-fused frantic tensions between the United 
States and China. 
FIV E: While Jim m y Carter is going on his knees to the R ussians pleading for an arm s agreement. President Nixon was the man who said: 
“ Bargain from strength, not weakness.” 
SIX: He was the man who, before it became popular, named welfare as the number one disease in American society. 
SEVEN: He was the arch-foe of liberals who thought it was good for tin* 
Russians to invade Hungary and Czechoslovakia but bad for Americans to try to save Vietnam from Communism. YOU should recall it. 
Because you voted for him. And I just refuse to believe that 64 per cent of the voters in this great country were wrong. 

US. AIRPORT ON PILOTS’ 
BLACK LIST 

WORLD airline pilots have added another U.S. airport to their black list — denoting airports that are 
“ critically deficient.” 
The International Federation of 
Airline Pilots Associations gave a black star to Boston’s Logan Mr- port because of late-night landing restrictions to limit noise. 
The association says the noise abatement procedures require planes to take off and land down­ wind, and to engage in “ head-to- head” arrivals and departures on the same runway. 
“ Aircraft should always land into the wind,” said Capt. John J. 
O’Donnell, president of the U.S. association. 
“ And they should 

 take off and land in the sam e di­ rection—especially when they are using the sam e piece of concrete. 
“ These procedures at Boston represent a i unnecessary safety threat.” 
The only ether U.S. airport to have a black star is Los Angeles 
International 
Airport, also be­ cause of night time noise restric­ tions. 
Twenty other airports around the world are on the black list—including seven in Colombia. 
Tenerife airport—site of the world’s worst air disaster last month—is not on the list. 

/ 

ACROSS 

I. Pilfer, rob 
6. the G reat” 
14. Wizard of 
Oz heroine 
19. Bear-like ani- 
✓ mal 
2o. Untruth. 2wrds. 
21. Assert 
22. Short letters 
23. Winter vehicles 
24. Ecology neme­ sis 
25. Despots 
26. Existed 
29. Girl’s name 
31. Summer in 
Arles 
32. Plural ending 
33. Short period 
34. Bar check 
37. Woe is me! 
39. Florida city 
41. Contemptible brats. SI. 
43. Satire 
44. Little lamb girl 
45. Poisonous liz­ ards 
47. Tendency 
49. Star pilot 
5o. Twist with force 
51. Certain horse 
52. Girl’s name 
54. Opposite sun­ down 
56. Supreme being 
57. Gambling house 
58. Possessed, fren­ zied 
6o. Artist apron 
62. Incorrect 
63. Anchor appara­ tus 
64. Down. 2wrds. 
66. Bill of fare 
67. P art of a foot 
68. Not a sedan 
69. Egg shapes 
72. 1st appearance 
74. Elongate 
76. Timid. SI. 
77. Nev. Dist. Po­ lice. Abbr. 
8o. — Blue. Pitcher 
82. Backward. Pre­ fix 

85 

 maneu- 

 car- 

94. 
96. 

84. From then until now 
Its capital is 
Augusta 
86. A descendent of 
Dutch Colonists 
87. Man’s name 
89. Arouses 
91. Residue 
92. Boxing ver 
93. Famous toonist 
Perused again 
A flash flood 
98. Word with trade or wood 
99. Man s name 
1oo. Lge. bird of prey 
1o2. Bom 
1o3. A 
Southern state. Abbr. 
1o4 Motorist 
Org 
Abbr. 
1o5 Freeway clov­ erleaf. Pl. 
Rebuilds 
Everyday newspaper 
Common viper 
“Joan of —” 
12o. Reassembled for a session 
121. Christmas 
& cedar — 
122. Series of epics 
123. Outriggers 
124. Musical groups 
126. "Simple —” 
128. Arrow poison 
129. Japanese coin 
13o. Columnist 
& writer Robt. — 
131. Vote retabula­ tion 
133. Glacier ice pin­ nacle 
Football scores. Abbr. 
A tribe of Mon­ gols 
King of swat 
Bakery prod­ ucts 
14o. TV' s Martin, et a1 
142. Pacify 

11o. 
115. 

116. 
117. 

135. 

136. 

137. 
138. 

145. N. 
Vietnam capital 
146. Solar year peri­ od 
148. Deeds, happen­ ings 
152. Pompous dis­ play 
153. Word with 
Creed or Coun­ cil 
154. Impedes 
156. Bright color 
157. Urges, goads 
158. Nudges, thrusts 
159. Moneymaker 
161. Prefix for throat infection 
163. “— Thompson” 
164. Camera part 
165. Granular snow. 
Pl. 
166. Road bend 
168. Miserable dwelling 
17o. Father 
171. M ariner’s di­ rection 
172. Roman gods 
173. Heavy weight 
174. Labor 
Org. 
Abbr. 
176. " 
Snow” 
178. New York time. 
Abbr. 
179. Triveal objec­ tion 
18o. Hunter’s hiding place. 2wrds. 
182. Tom apart, split 
184. Small silvery fish 
185. Woodwind 
186. Crazy. SI. 
187. — loose 
(asea) 
188. Short for sandra 
189. Russian called 
G reat” 
19o. Loans 

DOWN 
1. Soc. 
Political 
See. Abbr. 
2. Story 

» 
2D 
Cas- 
WI 

O 
VIP o 
“the 
3. 

Last week s Giant solution 

 anon n a a n 
KIDO anana snnnn, 

4. User 
5. East Indian sail­ ors 

6. Headwear 
7. Bitter plant 
8. Cants 
9. Montana’s capi­ tal 
1o. A cassowary 
11. Clinging vines 
12. Beginners. Pre­ fixes 
13. Shore bird 
14. “ Marc —” 
15. Misplacing . 
16. Rome is its capi­ tal 
17. Waxlike bird membrane 
18. Alphabet letter 
• 26. Carried on 
27. “ Dead or —” 
28. Oregon capital 
3o. Alaskan native 
33. Pen 
34. Silent, unspoken 
35. Amphitheater 
36. Lord — (poet) 
38. Beauty parlor 
4o. Year. Lat. 
42. Fall month 
Abbr. 
43. Word with setter or potato 
44. Billiard stroke 
46. Church council 
48. Sand hills 
5o. Celtic language 
51. 
Yokum” 
53. Potassium ni­ trate 

55. Liquid m easures 
56. Waltz or hula 
57. Reason 
59. Dice 
61. Rome senate house 
62. Steamboat in­ ventor 
63. Nobleman 
65. Performs on the green 
68. Nickles & dimes 
69. Domineers, sup­ presses 
7o. Long stemmed plant 
71. Great love or devotion 

73. Tour 
75. Printer s m ea­ sures 
76. Word with up­ stairs or down­ stairs 
77. Not up-todate. 2 wrds. 
78. Salami store. 
Short 
79. Prepares by- special treat­ ment 
81; Hole-in-one 
83. Citrus fruit 
85. Threatens 
86. Evil 
88. Mr. Truman 
9o. Meat source 
92. Record clerk 
93. Body organ 
95. “Gunsmoke” character 
97. Alphabet letters 
98. Conflict 
99. Word with nap or wild 
1o1. Pantomine game 
1o4. “ Waldorf —” 
1o6 Back of the neck 
1o7. Elev. trains. 
Colloq. 
1o8. Worship 
1o9. Near S. Dak. 
111. Suffix for con­ dition 
112. Titled 
113. Canton in 
Switzerland 

114. Set up a golf ball 
117. “ All in _ the 
Family” star 
118. Spanish river 
119. Type of a luxu­ ry car 

123. Wallet. 
124. Grand —, N P. 
Wyo. 
125. Wading bird 
127. Sluggo’s girl friend 
13o. Highways 
131. Finnish cantos 
132. Short-necked ducks 
134. Bird shelters 
136 or Tails?” 
137. Relays 
139. Wither. Dial. 
141. 
Marner” 
142. Pome fruit 
143 Trims away 
144 Supine 
145. Extra long walks 
147. Alpine region 
149. Vintage movie. 
Colloq. 
15o. Ebony colors. 
Fr. 
151 Sugared 
153. Unusual fresh­ ness 
155. Quite a few 
158. Dangers 
16o. Hesitation sound 
162. Trim in figure, small 
165. Church parts 
166 — butter. 
(Cosmetic base) 
167. T S. - . Poet & critic 
169. Make cheerful 
172. Buddhist priest 
173. Large contain­ ers 
175. upon a tim e” 
177. Minister to 
179. Civil 
Ser. 
Comm Abbr. 
18o. Period 
181 Dorbeetle 
183. Dental degree. 

Star WHIRLY WORD6 by Warren Tabatch 
PUZZLE 117 

Y 
G 
O 
L 
O 
M 
L 
A 
H 
T 
H 
P 
O 

L 
O 
S 
O 
N 
N 
E 
T 
R 
S 
T 
T 
P 

D 
A 
T 
T 
A 
E 
S 
E 
S 
H 
A 
M 
A 

N 
L 
F 
E 
N 
O z 
O 
E 
U 
M 
F 
L 

A 
A 
A 
R 
L 
E 
R 
O 
S 
T 
A 
O 
E 

R 
P 
H 
H 
E 
A 
R 
D 
R 
M 
R 
U 
S 

G 
I 
S 
R 
E 
I 
L 
Y 
O 
F 
I 
N 
C 

Q 
C 
F 
M 
Z 
I 
Z 
U 
H 
R 
E 
D 
E 

U 
N 
U 
E 
R 
S s 
E 
R 
P 
P 
T 
N 

A 
I 
G 
O 
R 
L 
E 
C 
O 
L 
E 
V 
C 

L 
R 
Z 
P 
Y 
N 
T 
O 
L 
A 
E 
Z 
E 

M 
P 
A 
L 
I 
G 
N 
E 
N 
I 
G 
N 
E 

CLUE: “ DRAIN” 
Solution: 6 Letters 

HOW TO PLAY: 
All the words listed below appear in the puzzle — horizontally, vertically, diagonally even backwards Find them and circle their letters The leftover tatters spell the Starword 

Align 

E ngine 

Fam ously 
Fern 
Found 
F reezer 
F reize 
Frozen 
Goal 
Grandly 

Heard 
Horses 

Lost 

O palescence 
Open 
Ophthalm ology 
Ozone 
Poem 
P ress 
Principal 
Prod 

Qualm 

Seat 
Shafts 

Sham 
Shut 
Sonnet 

Taniari 
Theorize 

\ clo te 
Zealot 
Z ephyr 
Zoril 

Last Week's Answer: IM A G E 

STEVE MCQUEEN has moved out of the Malibu beach house he shares with his wife ALI MacGRAW and son JOSH. But Ali insists they haven’t split — and makes a point of seeing or speaking to him for an hour each evening. 
Rumors that the temperamental McQueen and Ali had separated foundered when they were seen in animated conversation over a script in a restaurant at the Beverly Wilshire. “Steve is working on the Pin­ ter play Old Times which he is 
Edited by IVOR KEY with contributions by - 
Charles Comer, Robin Leach 

 and Philip Finn 

 making into a movie,” said Ali, who starred in Love Story and 
Goodbye Columbus. 
“He always moves into a room adjoining his office at the Wilshire so he can get his work done more quickly. He always tells me he can get more done in a week there than three weeks at home, where Josh and I get in the way. 
“Anyway, it’s absolutely essen­ tial he gets away from time to time completely by himself — that’s the sort of man he is. 
“When he moves out it always begins stories that we have sepa­ rated, but I can assure you if we have a fight he stays at home un­ til the air is cleared. 
“Steve and I are still very much in love, if that doesn’t sound trite these days. We make sure we see or at least speak to each other ev­ ery evening no matter where we are.” 
The $4o,ooo dance studio that 
PAUL NEWMAN gave his wife 
JOANNE WOODWARD in the grounds of their Westport, Conn. home has got him into trouble. 
He claims that six months after he began the work to convert a barn, the local land commission­ ers revoked permission. Now the 

 actor-auto racer has slapped a suit on members of the body for the permit to be reinstated. It will be heard in the Connecticut Supe­ rior Court. 
A big dispute is about to break over networks’ policies of hiring and firing TV newscasters. The anchorpersons are objecting to a 
San Francisco company which has been hired to use lie-detector-like instruments to measure audience responses to them. 
Two Los Angeles front men got fired after the firm allegedly dis­ covered they had a poor following 
—and now they will hone in on 
WALTER CRONKITE, HARRY 
REASONER and 
BARBARA 
WALTERS and JOHN CHANCEL­ 
LOR, and DAVID BRINKLEY. 
Surprise, surprise! LEE MA­ 
JORS WILL return to the Six Mil­ lion Dollar Man providing his fi­ nancial demands are met which are, incredibly, $75,ooo-a-show. 
His wife, FARRAH FAWCETT- 
MAJORS also made the same threat — and got $1o,ooo an epi- 

★ RYAN O’NEAL who seems to have a short fuse these days, knocked Peter 
Bogdanovich (left) to the floor with a swift left punch to the head in Pips, the Hollywood nightclub. Despite being much less fit than his opponent, the director got up and was about to retaliate when astounded friends stepped in to separate the pair. Apparently Ryan was chat­ ting to Cybil Shepherd when live-in boyfriend 
Bogdonavich objected. 

Racing car girl, 22, has a million dollar touch 

PRETTY Cathy Wormsbacher is a car freak with a million dollar touch. 
For, at age 22, she has just been appointed manager-curator of 
Milwaukee’s famous Brooks Ste­ vens automotive museum, which has nearly IOO vintage cars worth more than $3 million. 
Cathy is also a competitor on the vintage car racing circuit — and wants to be the first woman to win the Indianapolis 5oo. 
“I was always nuts about cars and as soon as I got old enough I learned how to drive,” she said this week. “After that I really be­ came a car freak and tried to 

 work with as many vehicles as possible.” 
Cathy’s talents were spotted by the Excalibur Automobile Corpo­ ration, which makes vintage auto reproductions. She was hired to drive new cars to owners and dealers across the country. 
Later she was transferred to 
Excalibur formula racing team, where she worked as a mechanic. 
Cathy’s new job still lets her race and she is the first female and the youngest driver ever to compete on the vintage circuit. 
“I have always been confident of my ability to drive any car un­ der any circumstances,” she said. 

SURPRISE NEWS ON SLEEP 
NEW medical studies have come up with surprising answers to the questions everyone asks about sleep. This is how the experts answer the most common questions: 
• How much sleep do we need: Probably not eight hours as we used to believe. A six-year study by Dr. E. Cyler Hammond of New York, concluded that about seven hours is enough and more is actually harm­ ful. Men usually need about IO minutes more than women. 
Men in their 5os who slept nine hours a night suffered double the death rate from stroke or heart attack than those men who slept seven hours. Those who slept as long as ten hours ran four times the risk 
• A warm drink at bed time: It works—doctors and psychiatrists! have proved that a warm-cereal drink does make you sleep better. 
British researchers have concluded that warm drinks, if taken con­ sistently each night, m5y be just as effective as sleeping pills. 

It’s Hollywood’s dating game round-up... 
He’s ready for rainy days 

THOSE Spring showers aren’t going to make a chump of Fred the chimp. He’s ready for his own pair of oversized rainproof boots. Fred lives at a safari park in Wilshire, England. 

Ifs difficult to keep up with the Hollywood dating game. Earlier this month, actor George Hamilton turned up at an elegant party in Los Angeles with his estranged wife Ala na Hamilton . . . 

A few nights later, the blonde and beautiful Alana was out on the town again — but she wasn’t with ex-hubby George. This time she was out with good friend Jonathan Axelrod . . . 
McQueen and 
Ali split... but only for a while 

Steve McQueen and Ali 
MacGraw: Still in love. 

 sode from the producers of Char­ lie’s Angels. 
Pennies from heaven! Studio executive EDWARD MONTORO is giving away $2o,ooo in dollar bills to promote his new movie 
Day Of The Animals. He sent a green back to theater operators throughout the country — and also mailed them to newspapermen. 

DONNY and MARIE OSMOND will definitely be back on the ABC 
TV schedule next fall. Also return­ ing will be the Most Wanted series and Dog And Cat—But Fish is fin­ ished. 
The very unpopular WILLIAM 
FRIEDKIN, producer of the Os­ car Show, vetoed the idea that the widow of PETER FINCH should accept his best-actor award. 
But the gallant PADDY CHAY- 
EVSKY, writer of 
Network, 
Finch’s last movie, brought her on stage anyway. 

FRANK SINATRA SR. went to see Frank Jr. perform his night­ club act on the west coast — and next day sent him a book of vocal exercises. Nobody dared ask the entertainer if it was a joke, but my informant says it wasn’t. 
SYLVESTER STALLONE who is going around Hollywood saying he’s broke—“they keep telling me the check for Rocky is in the mail” — will get a well-deserved 
$1.5 million for his next two films 
FIST and Hell’s Kitchen. 
Hottest romance in Hollywood: 

 with George and Angie and Dam and... 

Meanwhile Mana s close friend Dan! Janssen has been dating movie producer Richard Sylbert. 
Dam, * of course, is the estranged wife of the tube’s former Fugitive, David Janssen . . . 

Not that Janssen would care, mind you. He was totally involved In another matter, specifically, with his date Carol Connors on a recent night out together (see picture above). What ever hap­ pened to Janssen’s romantic interest in TV’s most beautiful Police Woman, Angie Dickinson, who — just to complicate things — is separated from husband-composer Burt Bacharach? Well, 
Angie was busy posing for photographs at a par­ ty in Los Angeles with superstar and notorious womanizer Warren Beatty (right). 

Ex-Beatle Ringo Starr is arm-in-arm with new girlfriend, 
Nancy Andrews, at Hollywood preview of Black Sunday. 

JACK NICHOLSON and the de­ lightful JILL ST. JOHN who ex­ iled herself to Aspen five years ago. He went straight back there to join her after the Oscars. 
Author 
CLIFFORD 
IRVING, who went to jail for fraud after getting money from a publishing company for a 
HOWARD 
HUGHES book, is now writing a script about Grossingers, the New 
York vacation retreat. And KIM 
NOVAK is writing one about wild­ life. 
While producer ROBERT EV­ 
ANS is threatening marriage to 
TV sportscaster 
PHYLLIS 
GEORGE, RICHARD JORDAN of 
TV’s Captains And The Kings is still carrying a torch for her. 
He has offered to give up work for six months if she’ll throw in her lot with him. 

★ ★ ★ 

LIZA MINNELLI, who took to her bed for a week was told by her doctor she’s working too hard. 
The result is she’s engaged singer TOM SULLIVAN to open her act in Las Vegas — and will be on stage an hour instead of 9o minutes. 
WARREN BEATTY’S also not feeling too well and has gone on a diet after his physician diagnosed low blood sugar. 
BARBARA WALTERS, is not oing to make it easy for the rass at ABC who would dearly 

 like to drop her from her anchor spot. “ I signed a contract in good faith and I’m not going to be inched out of anything,” she says. 
JOHN TRAVOLTA of TV’s Wel­ come Back Rotter is furious with writers who say he’s from an im­ poverished background. “ For the record, my parents were middle class and I definitely wasn’t poor while growing up” . 
CBS, which hit rock bottom in the network ratings last season, is trying to overcome lack of quality with quantity and have 3o pilot shows in production for next time round. 
Only IO of them will be chosen for showing — and less than half have any chance of lasting the season if previous figures are any form guide. 
Two of their hopes are spin-offs from MARY TYLER MOORE: 
EDWARD ASNER as a newspa- r editor and BETTY WHITE in r own show. 
BURT REYNOLDS is charter­ ing a jet to take his friends to the opening of his new million dollar disco-restaurant Burt’s Place in 
Atlanta next month. 
The question is who will be on his arm? Tennis star CHRIS EV­ 
ERT, or petite actress SALLY 
FIELDS. 
Talented ROBERT STACK who gave us Elliot Ness is to make a 
TV movie with a format similar to the old Untouchables — and if it works it could become a series. 

► « « * » « 

How to benefit from criticism 

CRITICISM can be good for you, a top psychiatrist told THE STAR this week. 
“You can profit from criti­ cism,” said Dr. Paul Schneck of 
Tenafly, N J. “You can learn how to make it serve your best inter­ est.” 
He said criticism usually hurts and angers because it challenges its target’s "ego ideal.” 
“This is the ideal you that is se­ cretly inside yourself — the you that you want to be,” Dr. Schneck 
Plants are new therapy for the sick 
PRISONERS, mental patients, the elderly and the handicapped are learning how to face up to their problems...by growing plants. 
The new treatment is called horticultural therapy and it is being developed by Mary Mande­ ville, a University of Michigan therapist. She runs a horticultural therapy service for the people of 
Washtenaw County, Mien. 
She said: “At nursing homes and geriatric facilities, horticul­ ture can be the focus of a group activity where the emphasis is on socializing. 
“The project brings the individ­ uals together with a common goal. It gets them to interact and it breaks down their feelings of isolation.” 
Prison inmates can use garden plots to express their individuali­ ty. Site said “this gives them an outlet for both their aggression and their creativity.” 

STATION THIEVES 
TAKE COFFEE, TOO 

BURGLARS who robbed the 
Chevron Oil Co. offices in Gillette, 
Wyo., remembered the high cost of coffee — and took about three pounds with them. 

 said. But, he added, criticism can be used creatively to get closer to that ideal. 
Dr. Schneck said these tips can help you profit from criticism. 
® ADMIT YOU’RE NOT PER­ 
FECT. This will open you to hear­ ing objectively what the other person is saying. 
• THINK OF CRITICISM AS 
FEEDBACK. Accept it as outside information about how another person feels about you. All of us need such information to avoid too narrow a view of ourselves. 
• CONSIDER THE ALTERNA­ 
TIVE. If someone resents you he will find a way of showing it. 
And the alternative could be worse than direct criticism. A co­ worker, for example, might say hostile things about you to the boss. Or a hostile boss might fire you or transfer you instead of criticizing you. 
• IGNORE THE TONE OF 
VOICE. Criticism is often the re­ 

 sult of built-up anger Ignore the critic’s angry tone and listen only to his words 
• REPLY CALMLY. A good tactic is to repeat the other per­ son’s criticism in a calm, matter- of-fact way. This converts the criticism from an emotional issue to a subject for discussion, with mutual give-and-take. 
• ACT ON THE CRITICISM. 
Some criticism might involve a quality about you that isn’t really bad but that irritates another per­ son nevertheless. This type of cri­ ticism often occurs between hus­ bands and wives. Try to work out a balance between you and your critic. But if you recognize in the criticism something you agree you should change, admit this and work on improving. 
• CONSIDER THE SOURCE. lf someone criticizes you over a long period, ask yourself why — and whether — you want to have anything to do with that person. 

PUZZLE SOLUTION 

PAGE 7o 
THE SAN ANTONIO STAR — April 17, 1977 . tmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmrxrmmmmmrnmwmmmmmmm— mm 

 i the opening of our NEW 
V f * * * SOUTHSIDE SAATHOFF'S 
+ * at 8o7 S.W. Military Dr. 
"T S .— 1 
924-83o1 
S A T. 9 TO 6 and 1134 W. Hildebrand 
734-5o56 

COLOR TV 
RENTAL and 
AIR CoNDITIoNEF 
RENTAL 
FREE DELIUERV 
EAST PAVMENTS 
NO CREDIT CHECK 

$ I f i l m 
Merchandise 
9 I UUU certificate 
Drawing to be beld saturday mag 7.1977 

Registration Limited to one nor fanny 
REGISTER NOW you need not , ne present to win 

 during 

Best Value Days 

•For 
" " !•*!■) 
F riq ta a irr* has rp rlu c e d th e ir p ric e s tp us on 

O' te e n v Pest a p p lia n c e s 
That m e a n s s a v in g s tit u p to c 'h Q to- ye i S e e us w h ile th is s p e c ia l o tte r la sts N ow y o u c a n he om«. ,) p ro u d F n m a a i'e o w n e r fo r le s s ' 
1 
•- 
-y," 

SUPER 
SAVINGS! 

FR IG ID A IR E 

• R efrig e ra to rs 

• Freezers • Ranges 

• D rye rs • D ishw ash e r 

• M icro w aves 
FRIGIDAIRE lOOM MR CONDITIONERS 

PRE 
SEASON 
SPECIAL 

12,ooo BIU S 
HURRY! 
LIMITED SUPPLY 

SEE OUR COMPLETE 
UHE OF AIR CONDITIONER $ 2 9 9 9 5 

15,ooo DTU High Efficiency 
7.7 EEH Reg. *539.95 
C O B O S S 
WHILE THEY LAST! 
• O U S T o 
Vrathoff 

FRIGIDAIRE EXClUSiue 
Jet Action 
2 SPEED 
WASHER 
SAVE NOW! 

$ 2 9 9 9 5 

F—R—E—E 
LIVE 
DENIoHSTRATIoN 

Other from 
$24995 

AS SEEN ON TV 

PIONEER 
AM/FNl/MPX 
8-TRK./BSR TURNTABLE 

TH3131 

2 SPEAKERS 
2 YEAR LIMITED WARRANTY 
19995 

8o7 S.W. MILITARY DR. 
(H.LB. OERTER) 924-o3o1 
1134 W. HILDEDRAND 734-5o56