4 1,ooo 

SPURS <ans rapped 
See Sports 
Section S 
Men and Divorce 

Scene 
Section 
I f 

Barbara Walters 
~ 
• 
.. 'r'liarniTi 
: 
— .................................... 
What's happened to her life! 
Chicken George [ 

Saga of an 
• A A A I T C A • In the 
American Family • E1 U U l u u 
* 
STRS 

See 

FIML 
THE SUNDAY 
HOME 
EXPRESS NEWS 
35<t 

FEBRUARY 2o, 1977 
America’s fastest growing Sunday newspaper 

FOREMAST 

F a ir, m ild. 
High. mid-BOs. Low, upper 

SATURDAY t e m p e r a t u r e s 
IN C O LU M N TW O 

K ay the socialite is missing . . . so is $1oo,ooo 

Hay Munch had it all: the right clothes, the right friends, the right address. She gave the right number of black tie parties in her Highland 
Park home during the opera season. 
For at least a year, the money flowed like good wine. And then on Jan. 27, 
34-year-old Miss Munch was indicted by a grand jury. Authorities say she embezzled at least $1oo,ooo from her employer. But Hay didn’t wait around for the law. She vanished, leaving her friends wondering who she really was 
— or is. 
Stevie 
W onder grabs 4 
Grammies 

ASSO CIATED PRESS 

ASSO CIATED PRESS 

DALLAS — The house in Dal­ las’ most exclusive suburb is dark now. 
Inside, time has stopped — nine days before 
Christmas. 

Presents, wrapped and unwrapped, lie scattered about the expensively-ap­ pointed living room. A $1,2oo Persian’ rug is an island of blue on a large ex­ panse of burnished hardwood. 
In the kitchen, a box of cereal sits on 

W ho was she? 

 the counter. Glasses stand beside the sink. The cabinets hide $1oo place set­ tings of china. Several copper o r­ naments adorn one wall. Their $2oo price tags were never taken off. 
The overall im pression is that someone will be back momentarily. As one neighbor put it: “ She left it just like I would leave mine if I were going to the grocery store.” 

But the bedroom tells a different story. 
Mail is beginning to stack up on the bed. Most of the envelopes appear to be bills, past due notices from nearly every fashionable store in Dallas. 
Among the bills are invitations to boutique openings, tennis matches, opera functions — even a reply from the Australian consul in San Francisco 

 to an inquiry about visas. 
A picture shows a sCmi-attractive blonde with a Strelsand-like nose and a sprinkling of freckles across high, 
Nordic cheekbones. It’s the face of an independent wom an, strong, but friendly. It is also the face of a fugitive. 
On the m orning of Dec. IU — a 
T hursday — Hay Ann Munch had wheeled her new Buick through North 
Dallas traffic. She parked in front of 
Concrete Construction Supply Inc. in nearby G arland where she was a stockholder and company treasurer. 

She had been with the firm since 
July 1974. 
“ She came in and stayed about 2o minutes and said she had an errand to run,” said CCS President Larry Smith. 
“ I understand she went home, packed her bags and left.” 
Smith said her disappearance was prompted by an outside audit of CCS books that was to start the same day. 
The following Tuesday, 13 months of 

See SOCIALITE, Page HA 

■MMM 
'—‘T 

LOS ANGELES - Stevie 
Wonder is back, and he proved it 
Saturday night by sweeping the big ones at the 19th annual 
Grammy Awards. 

He took four statuettes, including one for album of the year for “ Songs in the Key of Life.” 
Wonder, who had no product in 1975 and was absent from last y e a r ’s awards, also won Grammies for best performance by a male pop singer, best perform ance by a rhythm and blues male singer, and best producer. 
All the awards were given for his 
“ Key of Life” album, with the rhythm and blues Grammy for the "I Wish” single track off the album. 
Saturday n igh t’s aw ards brought 
Wonder’s lifetime Grammy total to 14. 
Bruce Jo h n sto n ’s “ I w rite the 
Songs” was named song of the year and George Banson’s "This Masquer­ ade” was named record of the year. 
Wonder, who performed live from 
Nigeria on Saturday night’s televised portion of the awards show, won the. top pop vocalist G ram m y for his 
“ Songs in the Key of Life.” That al­ bum also brought Wonder a Grammy as best producer. 
His “ I Wish” single track off the album won best rhythm and blues 

See STEVIE, Page HA 
'Just let me stay and die’ 

PHILADELPHIA - A 78-year-old man who told a rescuer he wanted to be left to die with his wife in a blazing house was d rag ged to safety by a teen-ager Saturday. 
Jam es Gillies, 18, said he smelled smoke as he passed by the house, ap­ proached and heard someone calling for help. 
“ I couldn’t open the door, so I kicked it in,” Gillies said, “ I found the man crumpled at the bottom of the steps. 
“ I said, ‘Is there anyone else in there?’ He said, ‘My wife, but she s dead. Just let me stay here and die,’” 
Gillies said. 
The youth dragged Frederic Marvin out to the front lawn and tried to go back for Dorothy M arvin, 88, but couldn’t get through thick smoke back into the home. 
Mrs. Marvin was found by firemen on the floor of a second-story bedroom. 
She was dead on arrival at a local ho­ spital. 
Marvin was in satisfactory condition 
Saturday night. 

ABC e x ec : 
W e’ll k eep 
B arb ara 

NEW YORK TIMES SERVICE 
Barbara Walters won’t be fired or taken off her prime time evening 
TV news show, the president of 
ABC Television says. 
Frederick S. Pierce, in an unu­ sual action, issued a long statement in which he said the network looked 
“ forward to a continuing and long-term relationship.” 
Pierce conceded that his a n ­ nouncement was a “ response to re c u rrin g speculation in the press." 
Pierce acknowledged that ABC’s 
“ Evening N ew s" program was trailing CBS and NHC in the ratings race. However, ‘‘ABC Evening 
News” ’ national audiences are up m o destly,” he said, 
‘‘since 
Reasoner and Walters have teamed together, reversing a previous 
Jong-term trend." 
Nmmmmmmmmmmmhmmmmni 

Kidnap gunman terrorizes Valley 

A SSO CIA TED PRESS 
HARLINGEN - A gunman dressed as a priest was drugged and captured late Saturday after leading police on a wild 
15o-mile chase through South 
Texas. 

Along the way the man allegedly shot a border guard in the arm and. forced ut various times a total of six 

 persons, including a San Antonio wo­ man, to accompany him in the chase. 
At one point some 5o police were in hot pursuit. 
When the day-long episode ended police said they found the man’s pistol to be empty. 
The gunman’s two women hostages had bolted to freedom from the motel lobby where a seven-hour siege had taken place. 
Mrs. Gladys S. Alexander, 73, of San 

OOF! 
Ferocious bucking and twisting of this wild brahma bull kept Jordie Thomson of Black Diamond, Canada, thoroughly occupied Saturday at San Antonio Stock Show and Rodeo. For all Thomson's valiant efforts, the bull managed to buck him off seconds after Express-News staff photographer H. M. Dean Jr. shot this picture. 
Show’s climax features rodeo champions’ day 

B y B IL L C U N N IN G H A M 

EXPRESS NEWS AGRICULTURE EDITOR 

Ten days of fun and displays of fine livestock will end Sunday with the dose of the San Antonio Livestock 

Inside the Express-N ews 

I 

I 

Action/Express ........................ OD 
A rts ....................................Magazine 
Business 
......... 
Section (• 
C lassified...........................Section C 
I lr albs................ 
SIC 
Dedication Rewarded.................HH 
E ditorials.................................. 4H 
Horoscope’. ....................................SE 
M ovies.............................. Magazine 
Politics 
2H 

Soap operas 
..................... 
SB 
Sports............................... Section S 
W eather..........................................ID 
COLUMNISTS 
Ann Landers.................... 
7E 
Dan Cook 
.................... 
28 
Dan Klepper........................ — KS 
Dear Abby 
...........................7E 
Jack Anderson........................ 
SH 
Paul Thompson............................ 3A 

S A T U R D A Y S T t M P S R A T O R i S 

Chuckle 
The real trouble with money is that you can’t use it more than once 

 l 
I H T H YEAR N O . 41 

I o . m . 
I o rn. 
3 n m. 
* a rn. 
J a m. a a rn. 
I a rn 
• a rn. 

? a rn. 
IO a rn. 
IT a m 
Noon 
I a rn, 
2pm 
3 pm. 
4 p rn 

5 p m. 
6 pm, 
7 p m. 
8 pm. 
9pm 
TO p m, ll pm 

63 
56 
S3 
5268 
66 
Midflight 45 

242 Pages 

Show and Rodeo at Joe Freeman Co­ liseum. 
Sunday will be rodeo champions day at the big show, and there will be rodeo performances at 2 and 7:3o p m, 
Myron Floren and Anaeani of the 
Lawrence Welk television show will Im? the guest stars at the Sunday rodeos. 
Floren is the popular accordion player, and Anaeani is the talented, beautiful singer. 
Judging of Appaloosa youth classes will start at 9 a m. Sunday in the horse barn arena. 
Dairy cattle judging Sunday will include Holsteins at 8 a ni and Brown 
Swiss at 1:3o p m. in the dairy barn arena. 
Judging of Polled Herefords, bulls and groups will start at 8:3o a m. and of Red Polls at I 3o p.m. in the cattle barn arena. 
Fiddlin’ around 
F inals in the World S eries of 
Fiddling will start at I p m Sunday at the stage in the Family Center. 

Saturday was Brush Country Day, and delegations were present from 
Jourdanton, Pleasanton, Poteet and 

Antonio, was one of the women in the automobile, along with two friends. 
Miss Lillian Rabb and Miss Jewel Ro- sanky of Smithville. 
The middle-aged man was carried out on a stretcher to a waiting ambu­ lance. He was semi-conscious and half-smiling. 
Police believed the gunman to be a 
IB-year-old Houston man. 
" A local doctor had entered the motel earlier. Several bottles of injectable 
Valium, a tranquilizer, and some syr­ inges could be seen on a table in tho lobby. 
‘‘The doctor sedated him and I got the gun away from him,” said Federal 
Drug E nforcem ent Agent 
Louis 
Dracoulis. 
Officials said they expected charges to be prepared Sunday. The m a n ’s name was not released 
Drama 
The drama began just before noon 
Saturday when Border Patrol Officer 
Cecilio Ruiz was shot by a man dressed as a priest. 
Ruiz, 31, had stopped a car at a 
Checkpoint near Sarita, nearly iou miles from the Mexican border 
Ruiz said he was shot in the hip and 

 shoulder after he opened the trunk of the man's car and found marijuana 
The gunman fled in Ruiz’s car. 
Law enforcement officials gave this 
.account of what happened next. 
The gunman used the patrol car's flashing lights to stop a car in which three women were returning from a 
South Texas vacation. He took over their car and forced one of the women 
,to drive. Police gave chase. 
Tires 
The gunman ordered the woman to stop th*? ear north of Sarita. When she did, police shot out three tires on her car. 
The gunman ran to a nearby vehicle and commandeered it at gunpoint. He and the car’s three passengers, a man and two women, then led the convoy of police to Falfurrias, about 3o miles west of Sarita. The gunman filled the tank with gas 
The gunman and his hostages re ­ turned to the Border Patrol checkpoint south of Sarita, when? the male hos­ tage was released. A Border Patrol vehicle was given lo the gunman, who used it to transport himself and the 

See GUNMAN, Page HA 
Huge fraud helped PLO 

Tilden. 
Champion steers, lambs and market barrows will be exhibited Sunday in the area directly in front of the main coliseum entrance. 
Although Saturday turned out to be a 

M ore Block *how, ro­ d eo sto ries on P ag es 
2 A, 9S 

 lune colder than expected, there still was a big crowd on the grounds. 
Two of Rte popular exmbus which will be open Sunday will be the Texas 
Longhorn ca ttle and the F u tu re 
Farmers of America display of young animals. 
Both are in the west section of the steer barn arena. 
The Texas Longhorn exhibit includes two bulls, two steers and two cows and calves. All are from the Y-o Ranch near Mountain Home. 
The FFA exhibit includes cows and calves, sow and pig lets, guineas, chickens, goats, rabbits and other ani­ mals. 

N EW YORK Ti m e i SERVICE 

LOS ANGELES - Insurance investigators believe that as much as $5 million in fraudulent insurance claims have been col­ lected by Middle Eastern stu­ dents in this country since 1971 and funneled to the Palestine 
Liberation Organization. 

The California Highway Patrol dis 
'dosed that it had uncovered a group of foreign students who had system ati­ cally bilked m ore than a dozen insurance companies out of millions of dollars. 
They apparently used m ultiple, phony claims for auto thefts and acci­ dents, disability payments for faked injuries in rigged accidents, phony burglaries and arson, 
According to reliable investigative sources, at least two members of the group have admitted that money from the insurance frauds, after expenses, has been sent to the PLO and other 
Arab nationalist groups in the Middle 
East, 
One investigator who works for an insurance company, and who asked that his identity not be printed because of concern over possible reprisals by 
Arab groups, said he had interrogated a num ber of p a rtic ip a n ts in the scheme. 
“ There s no question about it that it is political; these people essentially are just front people for the PLO,” he said, 
“ They told me their job is to raise money to support their soldiers in the 
Middle F.ast, They’ve learned the itll* nerabilities of our in su ran ce co m ­ panies and they exploit them to the point it has been pa* mg off Uke a slot machine. 

“ One man told me that they were simply opposed to our system. They say there s nothing wrong in what they do because it thwarts our system and they arc justified in doing it.” 

In some cases, investigators said members of the ring had iniught new t hevrolets. reported them stolen and collected insurance, and then the cars ap[M*ared for sale in the Middle East at six times their purchase price here. 
■ ■ ■ ■ ■ ■ ■ ■ ■ ■ ■ ■ ■ IB I 
Feeling lucky? 

 be you get up this morning feeling lucky, did you? Well have you thought about winning the big $1,ooo bonus in the E x­ press-News Iii,OOO Sweepstakes 
 bonus number, rules and entry blank, 

 it bas to do with your Social 
Security number, And there’s no purchase necessary lo euler or win. 

In addition, if \eu subscribe to 
(he Express and the News on a dally basts you'll get an extra 
$51o in prizes. Winners who sub­ scribe to either paper get an ex­ tra $25o in prizes. 

Free entry blanks are availa­ ble at the Express-News build­ ing, 3rd and Avenue E, from 8:3o a.m. to 5:3o p.m. week days. 

San Antonio EXPRESS-NEW S— Sunday February 2o 1977 
Andy Devine dead at 71 

ORANGE, Calif. (AP) — Andy De­ v in e , th e g ra v e l-v o ic e d sid e k ic k 
“ J in g le s” to television’s Wild Bill 
Hickok, died at the University of Ca- lifo rn ia -Irv in e M edical C e n te r of cardiac arrest, a family spokesman said. 
D ea th c a m e to th e jovial 
71-year-old c h a ra c te r actor at 6:38 p.m . F rid a y . He had a history of le u k e m ia and re c e n tly had been treated at several California hospitals for that disease and related ailments. 
When told by doctors that he had the disease but that they had diag­ nosed it as not being serious, Devine said, “ I m ight die of two or three other things before Leukem ia gets m e.” 
The actor was best known as the fat friend of Wild Bill Hickok, played by actor Guy Madison. His most recent perform ance was a cameo role last year in “ Won Ton Ton, The Dog That 
Saved Hollywood.” 
Devine, born in Flagstaff, Ariz., on 
Oct. 7, 19o5, cam e to Los Angeles in 
1925 after working as professional 

 mm 
M 
W 
S i ll rn* 

DEVINE on radio 

A N D Y last year 

 football player, telephone lineman, lifeguard and news photographer. 
His movie career, which spanned two generations, began when he was approached on Hollywood Boulevard by a ta len t scout who noticed his husky form and told him he might be able to work at Universal Pictures. 
Devine’s portly figure stayed with him through life. 
“ I never won an Oscar but I’ve lent money to a lot of guys who d id ,” 
Devine once said. 
From 1935 to 194o he appeared on the Jack Benny radio show, playing 
B en n y ’s c h e e rfu l s id e k ic k . 
He worked on the Wild Bill Hickok TV series which ran for 118 episodes in the 195os and later on his own chil­ dren’s show, “ Andy’s G ang.” 
For years Devine and his wife of 43 years, Dorothy, lived in Van Nays. where he served as honorary mayor for almost 2o years. 
In later years they lived in Newport 
Beach, Calif. 
In addition to his widow, Devine is su rv iv ed by two so n s, T ad and 
Denny. 

Walk passes half-way point 

SAN DIEGO (AP) — A year and a half after setting out to walk around the United States, Bill and Pat Gor- mally are only halfway through — and tired. But there’s no thought of giving up. 
“ It's a fantasy I’ve had for three or four years and I know I’d better do it now ,” said Bill. 31, as the h ik e rs reached San Diego. 
The couple quit their teaching jobs and left their home at North Kingston, 
R I., in July 1975. 
They went south to Key West, Fla., and west to San Diego via Brownsville. 
Texas 
Flap jacks 

LIBERAL. Kau. (AP) — Their star player has been “ traded,” but the wo­ men of Liberal still hope to defeat the women of Olney, England, next week in the 28th annual pancake race. 
The race is am o n g the ev en ts of 
P an cak e Day h ere , w hich actu a lly lasts two days. On Monday the men will engage in a pancake-eating con­ test. 
David Williams, 16, says he’ll try to break the record he set last year — 76 flapjacks. 
On T uesday, the wom en will flip pancakes while running 415 yards. 

Ford sets poli-sci series 

Form er President Ford w ill deliver a series of lectures to p olitical science u n d e r g r a ­ d u ates at the U niversity of 
Michigan this spring, accord­ ing to officials. 
A university official said 
F ord, appointed an adjunct professor of political science last m onth, probably would be on cam pus April 4-8. 
Carson live 

Johnny C ar­ son, who h as p resented his 
“ Tonight 
Show” on tape sin ce Oct. I, 
1962. will broadcast live starting March 
15, Robert T. Howard, NBC’s p re s id e n t, an n o u n c ed th is week. 
H ow ard said: 
“ It w as 
Johnny’s idea to go live and we are delighted. We know this will bring additional ex­ citement, spontaneity and to­ picality to television’s No. I hte-night program. 
H ow ard did not m en tio n that in the last two years the 
“ Tonight Show ’s ” view ing au d ien c e had slip p e d , d e ­ creasing quarter by quarter. 
The “ Tonight Show” was b ro a d c a s t live from New 
York, when it began in 1954 with Steve Allen as host. 

Security at 
N-facilities to be upped 

CARSON 

 in 
Denials fly 
CIA pay furor 

ASSOCIATED mss 
F o rm er West G erm an C hancellor 
Willy Brandt and Cyprus P resid en t 
Archbishop Makarios denied on Satur­ day th a t they had receiv ed s e c re t p ay m e n ts from th e C e n tra l I n te l­ ligence Agency. 
Brandt, a Nobel Peace Prize winner, issued a statement through a spokes­ man in Bonn calling the Washington reports “ libelous insinuation.” He said he was sending a letter to President 
C arter to “ energetically protest lies about me that have been circulated in the world.” 
Unfounded 
Archbishop Makarios. in a statement issued in Nicosia, Cyprus, called the allegation “ unfounded and malicious.” 
Washington sources who have read a court-censored m anuscript of a book on the CIA said it identified the fol­ lowing p ro m in en t fo re ig n e rs as recipients of CIA funds: King Hussein of Jordan, Willy Brandt, Nguyen Van 
Thieu of South Vietnam. Jom o Ken- 

 vatta of Kenya, Sese Seko Mobutu of 
Zaire and Forbes Burnham of Guyana. 
In addition, the W ashington Post reported that secret p aym ents also went to M a k ario s and the T ib etan 
Dalai Lama. 
“ I consider the report unworthy of d e n ia l." M ak ario s said in his s t a ­ tement. “ However. I challenge those responsible to publish any evidence they have in support of such an un­ founded and malicious allegation. I did not have, nor was it possible for me to condescend to have, any dealings with the CIA or any other sim ilar agency.” 
The Jordanian government issued a statement Friday calling the report of payments to Hussein “ a combination of fabrication and distortion.” 
The book manuscript on the CIA was w ritten by two former U.S. intelligence officials, Victor Marchetti and John D. 
Marks. The CIA went to court to block them from revealing the n a m es in their 1974 book “The CIA and the Cult of Intelligence.” 

Homeless burros 
THIS pair of burros in New Mexico faces extinction in the middle of a fuss between ranchers and the Bureau of Land Management. 
They were offered as gifts to Eastern New Mexico University’s 

 a Roswell campus, but campus Dean John Gillis said he will ask the school’s regents not to accept them because he thinks the BLM is trying to gain favorable publicity through the donation — AP 
Wirephoto 
Austin fiddler takes lead in world series 

N EW y o r k TIMES s e r v ic e 
WASHINGTON - After a year-long study, the federal go­ vernm ent has concluded the threat of terrorist actions against the nation’s 74 civilian- operated nuclear facilities man­ dates an immediate and signifi­ cant increase in security. 
The decision of the Nuclear Regula­ tory Commission concerning the 14 fa­ cilities licensed to process highly en­ riched uranium and plutonium- that could be fashioned into ho m em ad e atomic bombs was explained in letters sent w ithout p ublic an n o u n c e m en t 
T h u rsd ay and F rid a y to a few key congressm en and involved c o rp o ra­ tions. 
The parallel decision requiring tight new security m easures to reduce the chance of sabotage at the nation’s 6o nuclear power reactors is scheduled to be announced within the next three days, according to Kenneth R. Chap­ man, director of the com mission’s Of­ fice of N uclear M aterial Safety and 
Safeguards. 
Dangers 
The NC R backed up its letters re ­ quiring increased security precautions at the 14 relatively sm all facilities processing highly enriched uranium and plutonium with a 57-page unclas­ sified v ersio n of a re p o rt on the dangers of terrorism and what steps were required to thwart these dangers. 
Among the steps ordered completed w ithin the next six m o n th s by the commission were the following: 
• Full field background investiga­ tions and other security checks will be required “ for selected licensee e m ­ ployes who might effectively conspire to steal or divert special nuclear m a­ terials (highly enriched uranium and plutonium).” 
• Increasing protective firepower, all licensee g u ard s will be “ arm ed with semiautomatic rifles.” 
• The num ber of guards will be in­ cre ased at m ost facilities and new- training program s will be developed 
“ to insure an adequate knowledge of their duties and responsibilities. 
Chapman, in an interview, said the com m ission had decided the public risk of sabotage of nuclear reactors was somewhat less than the risk in­ volved in the theft of special nuclear m aterials. But because of the large size of most civilian reactor sites, he said the challenge of m aintaining ef­ fective s e c u rity aro u n d th em w as somewhat more difficult. 
The report reco m m en d in g the in ­ creased security for the 14 facilities handling special nuclear m aterials es­ timated that total capital expenses for required construction and equipment 

 would be at least $2o million and oper- atin g co sts for la rg e r n u m b e rs of guards would be from $1o to $15 m il­ lion a year. 
The report said that while there ap­ peared to be few technological prob­ lem s involved with the secu rity re­ quirements, “there may be some f o r ­ midable Dsychological obstacles. 
“ T here is considerable reluctance, expressed by industry to accept r e ­ sponsibility for protecting special nu­ clear m a teria ls against d e term in e d .' violent assaults,” the report said. 
It added, “ T his relu ctan ce ste m s from industry beliefs that (I) this level of threat should be a federal responsi­ bility; 2) the necessary levels of de-;* fense would be dam aging to company- images, (3) the government should first resolve several issues seen as im p e d im en ts and (4) the fu tu re of safeg u ard s req u irem e n ts offers toJT many uncertainties. 
The rep o rt added th a t se v eral li­ censees had said they were sufficiently concerned to consider w ithdraw ing from activities involving highly e n ­ riched uranium and plutonium. 
But C h a p m a n , in his in te rv iew ,' contended that industry un easin ess about the new requirem ente had con­ siderably lessened since the investiga­ tive work for the report was completed last July. 
Judgment 
The key security decision was the commission’s judgm ent that facilities^ h an d lin g sp e c ia l n u c le a r m a te ria l must be safeguarded against possible threats involving a conspiracy of tw(f or m ore persons inside the facility* com bined with an outside group bt, terrorists arm ed with automatic rifles^ rec o ille ss ca n n o n s and p la s tic explosives. 

Until now, the commission had be­ lieved the m axim um credible th re a t was one employe and three outsiders arm ed with pistols and rifles th at could be obtained legally. 

It was this basic change in the com ­ mission’s view of the possible threat which led to the decision to require the major stiffening in security. 

The report said the change in the assessment of danger was not based 
“ upon a perception of im m inence of threat to the nuclear fuel industry; rather, it is based upon the judgment of the task force as to what constitutes a prudent level of protection.” 

W hile u rg in g th a t the new s a fe ­ guards be installed as rapidly as pos­ sible, it Said in the absence of specific serious threats that em ergency mea? sures “ such as a shutdown of the in-" dustry or the immediate use dMcucral forces is unwarranted.’’ 
Crackdown on 
CB hurts hams 

L a rry 
F ra n k lin of 
Austin took first place in the first round of the world series of fiddling 
Saturday at the Family 
Center at Joe Freem an 
Coliseum for fiddlers 35 and under. 
In taking first in this division, he withstood the challenge of Terry Mor­ ris, 2o. Decatur, reign­ ing world champion old time fiddler. 
Morris was second and 
Dale M o rris. T e r r y ’s brother from Nashville, 
Tenn., was third 
S tra le y 
A llsu p . 
83. 
Gustine, was first in the division for fiddlers over 
HS. A. R. Westmoreland, 
81, Houston, was second 

 and Bob K indrick, 66, 
Kingsland, was third. 
Three finalists in the 35 to 65 age group will be selected in competition 

 starting at I p.m. Sun­ day. They then will com ­ pete against the six cho­ sen S a tu rd a y for th e championship. 
Huddlestons win 

H. C. Huddleston of Al­ ba showed the champion bull and fem ale in the open Milking Shorthorn show S a tu rd a y at Jo e 
Freem an Coliseum. 
Adding to the fam ily laurels were the entries of C. L. H u d d lesto n & 
Son, w hich won the awards for prem ier exhi­ b ito r and p r e m ie r breeder. 
R o b ert 
G rig g s of 
Mustang. Okla., had the grand cham pion bull of 
Guernsey show and 
C h arles G rig g s J r . the grand champion female. 
Williams exhibits champion Polled cattle 

3o M O N THRU SAT p a r k in g b e h in d d o w n t o w n st o r e 
SUBURBAN 9,3o TO 6 oo M O N THRU SAT. 
AIL MAJOR CREDIT CARDS HONORED 

Jack V. Williams of 
Paint Rock exhibited the grand champion bull iii the open Hereford show 
Saturday at J rn* Freem an 
Coliseum 
The reserve champion bull was shown by Wur- bonnet 
H e re fo rd s of 
Willcox, Ari/. 
The grand cham pion female was entered by 
Kevin Newman of Stan­ ton and th e re s e rv e ch a m p io n fem a le by 
Trudy Sugebiel of John­ son City. 
In the junior show. 
Ke vin Newman of Stanton owned the ch a m p io n heifer, and Carol Bran- denberger of Llano the reserve champion. Miss 
B randenberger, IO, F ri­ day received $4,5oo for her re s e rv e champion steer of the bhow. 

 sold are 
The 42 lots of Polled 
Hereford cattle sold Sa­ turday at Jo e F re em an 
C o liseu m b ro u g h t 
$26,o35, an a v e ra g e of 
$62o per lot. 
A u ctio n ee r 
H olland 
Jester sold 34 bulls for 
$22,o1o, an av e rag e of 
$647 per bull and eight fem ales for $4,o25, un average of $5o3. 
High-selling bull was consigned by Earl Gaston of K ingsville and was sold to Marvin Kraft of 
Seguin for $1,o25. 
Boss Polled Herefords of San Angelo consigned the high-selling female. 
It was bought by Gaston for $75o 

Lavon F arm s of Plano w as ju d g e d p r e m ie r b re e d e r and tied w ith 
R obert C. G rig g s for premier exhibitor. 
J. Fred Davis of Haslet showed the grand ch a m ­ pion Jersey fem ale and was n am ed p r e m ie r breeder and prem ier ex­ hibitor. B. J . Shepherd and Son of B rid g e p o rt entered the grand cham ­ pion Jersey bull. 

Brush 
Country has day 

The Brush Country of 
South Texas had its day at the San Antonio Lives­ tock Show and Rodeo Sa­ turday. 
B eau ties from th ree citie s in th e 
B ru sh 
Country area were in the special days booth in the 
F am ily C en ter at Jo e 
F reem an Coliseum giv­ ing out information about 
Atascosa and McMullen counties. 
The Poteet girls in the booth were Carlene Je n ­ kins, Hippy Fuller and 
Nancy Brooks. Jo Ann 
W heeler and 
P eggy 
Franklin were the Tilden re p r e s e n ta tiv e s , and 
P lea san to n w as r e p r e ­ sented by Sue Brown, 
Cowboy 
H o m eco m in g 
Festival queen, and her court. 

WASHINGTON (AP) - The Federal 
C o m m u n ic atio n s 
C om m issio n is proposing to crack down on illegal use hy citizens band radio operators of high-powered amplifiers which are creating interference with other CBers and with TV receivers. 
But in doing so th e co m m issio n would make it more difficult for legi­ timate users of the high-powered a m ­ plifiers, am ateu r radio operators, to get the amplifiers. 
The com m ission would change its rules to prohibit the marketing of ex­ te rn a l rad io fre q u en c y a m p lif ie r s capable of o p era tin g from 24 to 35 megahertz. CB frequencies are all in the 27 megahertz range. 
Approved 
The commission approved the action 
7 to o late Friday but C hairm an Ri­ chard E. Wiley expressed in a separate statement his concern for the am ateur operators who, unlike CB ers, m ust pass strict examinations on com m un­ ications, FCC rules and international 
Morse code. They communicate inter­ nationally rath e r than locally as do 
CBers. 
CB operators are licensed merely by filling out a form 
Wiley sa id , “ One of th e m o st 
‘professional’ and self-regulated s e r­ vices within the com m ission’s ju ris ­ diction” is being penalized because the FCC wants to clean up what he called “ the rapidly proliferating and sometimes troublesome CB service.” 
The CB craze of the past two years has m eant an in c re a se of betw een 
5Uo.ooo to one million a m onth new operators, 
The proposed changes were opened 

 up for comment due by May 25. 
A m ateur operators have been the one class of radio o p era to rs whose equipment has not had to pass tight acceptance by the FCC because of their expertise. 
The commission said that as fewer and few er a m a te u rs have co m e to build their own equipment, there has been a proliferation of com m ercially made equipment and that some of this is capable of operating on both a m a ­ teur and CB frequencies. 
If the FCC proposal is approved it would mean that the ham s, as a m a ­ teurs are commonly called, would have to build their own amplifiers for the 28 to 3o m e g a h e rz fre q u e n c ie s or be limited to com m ercially built equip­ ment with a power limit of about 25o w atts or so 
It would also mean that thousands of existing amplifiers would continue to be used and sold on the used equip­ ment market. 
So the a m a te u rs a re expected tq strongly oppose the FCC proposal. 
FCC 
The FCC. with a small enforcement staff to crack down on all illegal radio o p e ra to rs , h as been in c re a s in g ly pushed to do something about CB in­ terference to television and other elec­ tronic devices and by the CBers them ­ selves who are operating legally. 
The commission said that although a d v e rtis e m e n ts for th e a m p lif ie r s generally carry a specific disclaim er that the equipment is not for use in the 
CB service, the suppliers consistently place their ads in publications which cater to CB and seldom in publications which cater to am ateur operators 
Rio carnival its underway et 

RIO 
DE 
JA N E IR O 
(AP) — More than 1,ooo sam ba m usicians p arad ­ ed through the center of 
Rio de Janiero Saturday, starting the annual pre- 
Lenten carnival season of partying and chaos 
An es tim a te d 4oo,ooo tourists were in the city for the festiv al, hotels were filled, tr a n s p o r t a ­ tion in and out of the city booked up and the police force beefed up by 16,ooo men for what Brazil con­ tends is the m ost sp e c ­ ta c u la r carn iv al in the world. 

Lawns*'Beauty^ 
NURSERY 
165o Sandora Road 
St, Augustin* (Carpet) 
O 
• 

G R A S S . .PU U P A IL E T 
O j t + f 4. 
U S S THAN A PU U PALLET...............................91% yR. 
PIORAYAM. .ruu FAUTT 
I . 3 9 •«. y*- 
U M THAM A PUU PALMY 
.............. I . A P m, f < 
LIVI OAK TRMS .. jm* . ft triste ira*.................................................... ‘ l l l a i o 

TREES 
PLANTS 
SHRUBS 
SEEDS 

Come Vitit Our Complete 6 
Ac re 
Garden 
Center with everyday ‘ FARM TO YOU” 
PRICES And SAVU! eeooucu , 

San Antonio E X PR ESS-N EW S— Sunday February 2 o 1 9 7 7 H 
Page » 3-A 

Double-hued coat 
Spring weight. . . 

1 o o % creamy soft polyester belted wrap that is hand or machine washable or may be professionally dry cleaned. In honey-and-white, sizes 6 to 
16, 95.oo. 

6712 N. New Braunfels Ave. 828-2876 
Master Charge and BankAmericard Accepted 

Bv DICK MERKEL 
EXPRESS NEWS CAPITOL BUREAU 
AUSTIN — A group of San 
Antonians will be here Tuesday to ask the state legislature’s help in combating the mounting problem of glue sniffing among children. 
'.T he contingent will give testimony before the House Health and Welfare 
Com mittee in support of State Rep. 
Bob Vale’s anti-glue sniffing measure. 
House Bill 29. 
The committee hearing is scheduled to begin at 2:3o p.m . in the old Su­ preme courtroom on the third floor of the capitol. 
For the San Antonians, it will m ark the second time in two years they have appeared here to lead the fight for an­ ti-glue sniffing legislation. 

San A n ton ian s support Vale bill €ts means o f c om batin g glue sniffing by youths 

Cherie Curria, right, sw a g g e rs a s Jackie Fox jam s 
Toughs maim sugar 'n spice in auditorium 

By BEN KING 
The notion that all girls are made of sugar and spice was given a swift kick to the groin 
Friday night by a rock group composed of five teen-age girls. 

Known us the Runaways, the group took over the M unicipal Auditorium stage like a clique of sneering, swag­ gering toughs and threatened to make mincemeat out of the audience with their music. 
And nearly 5.ooo spectators rushed the stage to be sure they didn’t miss a single deafening note of the group's music. 
But there were still a few who were disappointed. The lead singer didn t get shot and splatter blood all over the stage like she did on the group’s first 
American tour. 
‘T he reason we quit doing it is that too m uch of my blood was g etting m ixed in w ith the fake b lo o d ,” explained 17-year-old Cherie Curria. 

Pretend 

“ We’d pretend like I had been shot and then would fly several feet and land on my face and several times I really gut hurt,” said the lead singer. 
Despite the lack of real blood, Cherie still whipped the audience into frenzy 
.by lacing herself up in a corset and singing the group’s hit song “ Cherry 
Bomb”—a hard rock ballad about a pfpmiscous girl. 
•Visually the group resembles the nightm are alm ost every mother of a 
Ufn-age girl has had when her child, rouches her thirteenth birthday. 
No one could ever mistake the Run­ aways for a group of “ young ladies.” 
They hit the stage wearing satin jump stilts that fit tighter than White House purity. 
-And while some might consider the girls attractive, they have an anemic lopk because their pule skin is accen­ tuated by heavy make-up 

Gestures 
In the act, the girls, who are 17 and l f 1 years old. strut the stage making obscene gestures and sticking their tongues out at the audience. 

Like Rep. Vale, they hope it will be the last time. 
In the 1975 legislative session, the 
Texas M anufacturers Assn. was suc­ cessful in killing an identical Vale lull in committee. 
Attack 

The same lobby is expected to mount a renewed attack on the San Antonio representative’s measure this time. 
The bill would re q u ire m a n u ­ facturers of toxic substances, such as glue and paint, to put an additive in 

Cherie got a particularly big hand when she pantomined a fight with an imaginary lover. 
The concert hit another high point when the lead guitarist climaxed her solo by thrusting her head back with an esctatic look on her face while she made X-rated gestures with her guitar. 
N ationally the group has been la­ belled the top fem inine exponent of punk rock — an u ltra-co m m ercial form of pop music that glamorizes the street-hood look. 
Punk rock has been called the aural equivalent of shrapnel since it's based on volume and drive rather than artis­ tic melody or touching lyrics. 

Message 

And w hile mem bers of the Runaw ays shy away from the punk label, they do admit there is an aggressive message in their music. 
“ What we’re saying is that there a r­ en't too many sugar and spice girls left. Girls are smoking, drinking and cussing just like anybody else.” says 
18-year-old guitarist Juan J ult. 
“ We're just normal girls The only difference is that we make the way we feel bigger than life because we’re on stage,” says Cherie. 
Unlike most rock groups, the Run­ aways a re n ’t five g irls who got to­ gether and decided they wanted to play rock. They’re the result of a meticu- louely planned fantasy. 
Veteran record-producer Kim Fow- ley auditioned girls from all over the nation two years ago to put together the ultimate punk rock group. 

Right there 
Despite the nation-wide auditions, 
Fow ley found what he was looking for right under his nose stalk in g Hol­ lywood’s Sunset Strip. 
Bass player Jackie Fox. who says sh e ’s a refo rm ed c h e e rle a d e r, e x ­ plained all of the group’s members are products of the Southern California environment. 
And what do the girls’ parents think about their daughters’ careers as the nation’s ultim ate group of “ bad girls"? 
“They’re behind us IOU per cent,” says Cherie. 

Joan Jutt, I 8, of the R u n a w a y ! b last! out a solo at 
M unicipal A uditorium i s * pHoto, br Bar Hamilton 
Sunday 
^ A id ea s 

 their products packaged or distributed in Texas for non-commercial use. 
The additive, oil of m ustard, would discourage glue sniffing by m aking anyone temporarily ill who inhales the toxic fumes to any prolonged degree. 
According to Vale, the San Antonians who will appear here Tuesday "know whereof they speak when it comes to the glue and paint sniffing problem. 
All are directly involved in some phase of the problem and have had first-hand experience with it.” 
Scheduled to testify will be Father 
Jam es Brosnan of the Patrician Move­ ment who operates a drug abuse clinic and program in San Antonio. 
Valdez 
Another is Rem tgio Vladez, whom 
Vale describes as “ a private citizen who has been working on this problem for years spending his own tim e and money in contacting m anufacturers.” 
Also slated to testify is Dario Chapa of the M exican-Am erican N eighbor­ hood Corp. (MANCO) in San Antonio. which has its ow n drug abuse program under way with special em phasis on glue sniffing among younger children. 
The state is also lending its support to Tuesday’s testimony. 
Rudy Zapata of the state Department of Mental Health and Mental Retarda­ tion is scheduled to testify, along with 
Dr. Walter Aeshback, an expert on the physiology of toxic inhalents. 
Kach will testify on a d ifferen t aspect of the glue and paint sniffing problem. 

‘Indoor!, 
* outdoor!, all around the River City 

IP rat *v*nt*, u ni*,, other* it* indicated, for you and your family today ) 
C H O IR — 
T S* A ir F ore * A cad«m y Catholic 
Cad*! Choir at IO a m Moth at th* Kelly A F B 
Chapel. 12 IS p.m. Bervie** of St M o ry 's Church and / JO p m in Chapel « at Lockland A F B . ' 
O A N C S — 
The R a y m o n d Jo h n to n D a n c e 
Com pony at 3 p.m. at the Carver Cultural Center, 
226 N Hackberry St, 
C IR C U S — Circut Varna* of 4 ond / JO o rn at 
South Park Mall. Ticket* are S3 to SB /$ 
C E L L IS T — 
Cuber to M unguto at 4 p m of 
Trinity U nivertity't Marparite B Parker Chapel 
R (C IT A L — Organ mueic depicting the end of 
(c ip h o n y at / P rn. at Em m anu el * Lutheran 
Church in Seguin. 
T H E A T E R — Melodram a Theater* 
Gaslight! 
Gottte*" al 6 IS p m 
Adm ission i i *3 for adult* and S3 tor children under 13. 
T H E A T E R — Church Theater > "A n inspector 
C oll*’’ at 3 p.m. at the theater, USO S Alam o SI. 
Adm ission I* *4 
C A M P SHOW — G *rt Jacobson * film and art exhibit bated on th* Germ an sloughier et th* J * * * d urin g W orld W ar ll at | and 4 p rn at lh * 
Chapm an G rad ual* Center of Trinity University. 
C O N C E R T — 
Son Antonio Cham ber Orchestra of 3 p m at the U n iv e rs it y et T exas H ealth 
Science Center Auditorium. Adm ission I* $3 SO for adult* and SI.SO tor students lo benefit A lam o 
Heights School District. 

Bishop praised on stand 

SPECIAL t o IM I E xce ls* n e w * 

VICTORIA — The new bishop of the 
Episcopal Diocese of Weal Texas is taking a firm stand against ordination in the diocese of avowed homosexuals. 
And the stand of the Rt. Rev. Scott 
Field Bailey, D.D., of San Antonio is being endorsed by the 6o-county dio­ cese. 
During the closing session Saturday of the Diocese Council’s 73rd annual session, the group passed a resolution com m ending Bishop Bailey on his announcement he will not ordain any avowed homosexual. 
Bishop B ailey's stand was in re ­ sponse to the recent ordination of a self-proclaimed lesbian to priesthood in the Diocese of New York. 
The West Texas group — in a reso­ lution that carried 35o-2 — disapproved and deplored the ordination. The reso­ lution — and that commending Bishop 
Bailey — will be sent to all other dioceses in the U.S. 

Effects 
F ather Brosnan will describe the personal effects of sniffing on chil­ dren’s lives as he and his fellow drug abuse workers have seen them. 
Valdez will testify on the economic and historical aspects, and Chapa will give first-hand evidence of the prob­ lem’s effect on neighborhoods includ­ ing ram pant vandalism 
Zapata, a MH/MR field worker, will present his personal experience with children addicts in T ravis County. 
And finally, Dr. Aeshback will give expert testim ony on w hat inhaling toxic fumes does to the brain, nose and other parts of the bodies of young ad­ dicts. 
Zapata told the Express-News he will 
"present figures from the Austin Po­ lice Departm ent on the crim es a ttri­ buted to young glue sniffers, even in­ cluding m urder." 
Files 
For his part, Vale has prepared thick files dealing with problem. 
One of the files includes numerous letters from San Antonio elem entary school children written two years ago when Vale first attem pted to get his legislation passed 
Typical com m ents at that tim e in­ cluded “ thank you for trying to pass your bill. It was really nice to try to help save a lot of kids and babies.” 
Another youngster wrote at the time 

“ I wish I knew why the people in Aus­ tin arc so hard-headed. After all. it could save someone’s life. Or, do they w ant m ore kids dead or m en tally retarded? So give it another try.” 
“ rills is w haM t’s all about.” Vale said in Austin last week 
“ So far, the m ajor opposition has come from the Texas M anufacturers 
Assn. and those outfits in the paint industry. 
Needs 
“ They go on the idea ‘what you need is an education program .’ We need an education program ,” Vale says, "but what do we do in the meantime? 
“ We agree the law ’s not the only way. It should work with the education process. But perhaps, if we have the law, we wouldn’t need the rest,” 
And, he says. “The side issue that s usually overlooked is sniffers graduate to something else. Ifs just a step down the road in drug abuse.” 
According to Vale, one of the major objections by paint m anufacturers is fear people will stop buying their pro­ ducts due to the additive’s odor 
"The truth is, you can’t smell it un­ less you put it right under your nose, which is what the sniffer has to do. 
Ne odor 
"Once the paint dries there is abso­ lutely no odor,” Vale says. 
He also points out a number of glue m anufacturers have already put addi­ tives in their products voluntarily. 
Some of the b e tte r known manufacturers who have done this an* 
Testor, P actra Industries, Ambroid 
Manufacturers Co. and Luvelle. 
T heir com pliance tends to dispell some of the industry argument about the expense of putting the additive iii the product. 
Vale says Testers* own director of marketing says it is costing .o36 of a cent to put th** additive in a tube of glue. 
Vale feels some confidence his bill will pass this session. 
“ I guess ifs just a question of which argument carries the most weight, the lobby for some m anufacturers or the facts of tortured children's minds and bodies and even their deaths?" 
Banks, offices close Monday for birthday 

AII banks, the U S Postal Service- and federal, state and county offices will bf closed Monday in observance of 
George Washington's birthday. 
The traditional holiday is Tuesday, ! but under the Monday Holiday Bill,.; 
George Washington’s birthday will be celebrated Monday. 
Special delivery service, including;! delivery of perishables and holiday collection service will be provided, but there will be no residential, business or rural delivery. No window service will be provided 
City Hal) offices will be open. City 
Public Service and the City Water- 
Bourd will also be open. 
The San Antonio Main Library and all branches will Im* open. 

THOMPSON 

Dear Senator Lornbardino: 
Some of the jive you’ve been pulling up there in Austin lately would go down as funny if it didn’t stink to high heaven. 
Didn’t you vow after running a poll of “ the people” to repeal the fire-police unlimited sick pay bill which you framed and guided through the legislature two years ago? 
Or at least give it your best shot? 

Senator, why did you crawfish on a pledge that would have been so easy to fulfill? 
As everyone knows, the simple route was a repeal bill put on the local-and-uncontested calendar where it would have sailed through the 
\ Senate just like you wrote it. 

Is it possible that you. Lornbardino, who loves to preen himself as “ the father of UTSA,” who whips through bills like the one creating our four new district courts, couldn’t have done a piddling little thing like that? 
Ridiculous, Senator. 
Instead of standing by your word, you emit something about “wanting everybody to know” the sick pay affair applies only to San Antonio, then decide to throw your repeal bill on the floor of the Senate, whose merpbers couldn’t have cared less. 

Then comes the real farce — a rider in the form of a “grandfather clause” is stuck on your bill while it’s still in committee. And the rider is 
APPROVED. 

Now can anyone rem em ber. Senator, when a purely local bill offered by a lawmaker repre­ senting that one local area, was amended in committee#over his objections? 
In this case, the am endm ent gives San An­ 

 tonio police and firemen large cnunks of the very “ cash for not being sick" that you vowed to eliminate. 
And the next step in the whole dismal Charade is you, Lornbardino, sitting there at the com­ mittee table voting against the amendment with a sincere and honest look on your face. Eceh! 

You have now thrown a sop to police and firemen in terms of cash benefits on sick leave while at the same time — you think — leaving yourself in a position to bawl at city taxpayers. 
“I voted against it. didn't I?” 

In short, senator, you seem to be trying to demonstrate how it is possible to fool all of the people all of the time. 
In the sick pay burlesque, thanks to you. Sen. 
Jack Ogg of Houston tacks on his “grandfather clause” in a m atter that is of no concern what­ ever to Houston or anybody in Houston. 
Ogg says he’s doing it to protect San Antonio against law suits by police and firem en. But 

 since when is Ogg “ the protector” of this city? 
And anyway, if his claim has an iota of validity, why is it that you, Lornbardino, vote against his rider at all? 
The whole rigm arole is such an out-and-out sham ifs laughable. Senator, and you are be­ ginning to em erge as a kind of elephantine figure of fun. In a word, sir, the jig is up. 

For the last decade, first as a member of the 
House, now in the Senate, you have been known as a pork barrel legislator hefting bills for special interest groups and individuals. 

But this tim e the pork barrel caught up with you. Senator and today your tail is in a crack. 
You’re hoping to yank it free without damage 
— retain the barking of police and firemen, that is, while simultaneously convincing home and business owners that you are “ a man of the people.’’ 
You holler “ distortions’’ at any newspaper article that looks behind and interprets these 

 phony windings and turnings of yours. 
You incessantly keep m outhing the term 
“ responsible reporting,’ which in your lexicon means simply the aet of printing without com­ ment what you say and what you do, verbatim et literatim , period, end of story. 

And the “ yellow journalist,” Lornbardino version? Isn’t he the guy who cuts through the gobbledygook and staged fakery and tries to tell it like it is? 

At all events. Senator, the showdown on fire-police sick pay is dead ahead, your puppet show in the Senate will produce feedback in the 
House, no one knows what that will do to your 
“ repeal hill," and there’s squally w eather in store for all of us. 

Ifs even possible your antics of the last two weeks will freeze sick pay repeal totally and leave the Friendly Frank Lornbardino hill right where it was before all this started 
* 

— — 
1 
- 
............ 
A- group backs 

PAUL 
An open letter to Sen. Lornbardino 

 anti-glue sniff bill 

Page’ 4-A 
San Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— Sunday February 2o 1977 
Davis murder trial to begin 

ASSO CIATED PRESS 

FORT WORTH - It began on a sultry summer Texas night,, drinks and dinner, jet set lovers out for a subdued evening on the town. 

It ended in a savage shooting spree at a glittering $6 million mansion on the city’s fashionable southwest side. 

Two persons died and two fell cri­ tically wounded. Before dawn, police, flushed millionaire industrialist Cullen 
Davis from the home of a girlfriend and charged him with murder. 
Now, six months later, Davis, 43, goes on trial for his life in a courtroom duel matching several of the state’s finest legal minds. 
Jury selection is scheduled to begin 
Tuesday. 

Davis is accused of two counts of capital murder in the slayings of his 
12-year-old stepdaughter, Andrea Wil- born, and form er T exas C h ristian 
U niversity bask etb all p la y er Stan 
Farr, 3o. 
A crack defense team headed J)y flamboyant Houston attorney Richard 
“ Racehorse” Haynes and Phil Burle­ son of Dallas argued u n s u c c e s s f u l against the capital indictments. 

The slender, dark-haired defendant also is charged with attempted capital murder and attempted murder in the shootings of his estranged wife P ris­ cilla, 35, and Gus Gavrel, 21. 
The tiny ice blonde Mrs. Davis, tes­ tifying from a wheelchair at a bond hearing, identified her husband as the black clad, bewigged assailant. 
She said she and F a r r return ed about midnight Aug. 2 to the mansion 

 she shared with Farr while waging a bitter divorce suit with Davis. 
Upon entering the m ansion. Mrs. 
Davis testified, she spotted bloody handprints on a basement door and screamed, “ Stan, come here!" 
At that point, she said, Davis stepped out of a washroom, mumbled “ Hi,” and shot her in the chest. She said she watched Davis gun down F arr before she fled. into the night for help. 
CULLEN DAVIS 

Save 13o.oo on queen size sleeper sofas in three styles 

YOUR 
CHOICE 499 OO 

Your monthly payment is 19.oo on 

Joske's Major Purchase Budget Plan* 

Reg. 629.oo. Add a new dimension of beauty and versatility to your living room or family room with one of these handsome sleeper sofas. By day you'll have comfortable, lovely seating space ... by night, a roomy queen size bed for your guests. Choose from four styles upholstered in geometric, floral, velvet or leather-like vinyl, some with tilt-up TV headrests. All have queen size high density A 
" foam mattresses for total sleeping comfort. See them at Joske's tomorrow ... and save! Furniture, Downtown, North Star and Austin. 

IN STOCK, READY FOR IMMEDIATE DELIVERY! 

'The monthly payment shown is available under our major purchase budget plan only. Each monthly pay­ ment includes sales and tax and FINANCE CHARGE. A 
FINANCE CHARGE will be imposed for any current billing period in which there is a balance owing from any prior billing period (the Previous Balance), unless payments or other credits received prior to the end oi such current billing period equal or exceed the Previous 
Balance. The FINANCE CHARGE will be a minimum of 
SO# imposed on Previous Balances up to $35.oo. On the 
Previous Balances in excess of $35.oo, the FINANCE 
CHARGE will be computed at a Periodic Rate of l!d% on the first $5oo.oo of the Previous Balance and 1% on the amount over $5oo.oo, which are the equivalent of 
ANNUAL PERCENTAGE RATES of 18% and 12% respectively 
JOSH E S 

A UNIT OF ALLIED STORES 
Save 1o.oo-6o.oo on "Penthouse" living room compatibles 

Exciting living room components for the person with a contemporary flair are now at very special savings! Choose the pieces you need for a living room or family room . . . you can rearrange or add more pieces later as your living space and needs change. Ail pieces have rich dark pine exposed wood and upholstered sections have striped natural tone Herculon^ olefin sling cushions. When you put them together yourself, you save an additional 2.oo to 
1o.oo! The Penthouse group is by Decorian for our Compatibles Shop, 
Downtown, North Star, Las Palmas and Austin. 

SHOP ALL STORES IO 'TIL 9 MONDAY! 

Sofa, reg. 259.oo 199OO 

Your monthly payment is 11.OO on 

Joske's Major Purchase Budget Plan* 

Loveseat, reg. 199.oo, save 3o.oo! 
............... 
Chair, reg. 139.oo, save 3o.oo! ..................... 
End or cocktail table, reg. 79.oo, save 1o.oo 

169.oo 
1o9.oo 

69.oo 

BY GEORGE! SAVE STOREWIDE 
IN ALL FIVE TOSKE'S STORES! 

SHOP ALL JOSKE'S STORES IO A.M. 'TIL 9 P.M. MONDAY! 

DOWNTOWN ONLY! EARLY BIRD 
SAVINGS! LIMITED QUANTITIES...RUSH! 
NO MAIL OR PHONE ORDERS PLEASE! 
SHOP IN PERSON AND CHARGE IT! 

B B 

J I B P 
H 
'W k s - - a 
L 
E 
I 
* ;if*? h r ! iji'QiiTSWEAR, assorted styles and colors, orig. 8.oo-2o.oo, now 
Country Spw tfw wt 
4 f 
■ 
JUNIOR GAUCHOS in assorted styles and colors, sizes 5-13, orig. 18.oo 
Junior Sport swear 
NYLON TRICOT SLEEPWEAR in several styles, misses sizes S,M,L, orig. 15.oo 
Main Flc»)r siiwpwear 
^ 
^ 
& f * % H k f* : 
' 4% **'* * ’ * ’ - 
HANDBAGS in fabrics and vinyls, fail colors, several styles, orig. 11.oo-16.oo 
Handbags 
. . 
#' 
' 
' * , v' 
- w&b \ 
. 
* - 
* j 
WOMEN'SgSHOES in fall styles 

>kW- 
. ' ' - ‘W* ’ 
* 
.z n lM t i®.! * 
. 
, orig. 15.oo-29.oo 

MEN'S LEISURE SUITS in several styles, limited color selection, orig. 9o 
Men'* Sportswear 
;♦ .. 
, 
. ' . 
„ . V .. . 
/ 
- 
MADEIRA PLUM STEMWARE by Franciscan in assorted sizes, orig. 5.oo ea. stem ware 
GLASS PLANT ROOTERS in a variety of shapes now at half price, orig. 3.99........... 
Housewares 
* 
* 
I 
9^ rwAWMFT rn RADIO from Prominent, squelch cont., RF meter, orig. 139.95 
W M 

* i # - 
...... 
SS 

IAL, soup or 

6.99, one day only 3.97 

 roll/butter, cherry pie, drink 1.89 

Galante is moving to 
Mafia top 

By LUCINDA FRANKS 
N C * Y O R K TIMES SERVICE 
NEW YORK — No man in organized crime is getting more attention from fe­ deral and local law enforcement officials than Carmine Galante, a gangster who is little known to the public, but widely feared and respected by members of the under­ world . 
Worried by his growing authority, which may make him the dominant figure in the Mafia, these officials say that Galante is planning to merge the 

First o f two articles 

 five New York crime fa­ m ilies under his own leadership and aim s to become a national chief­ tain who would try to restore the Mafia to a position of power it has not held in at least 2o years. 
“ There was a vacuum left by Carlo Gambino’s death last fall and the lo­ gical person to fill it was 
Galante.’* said Lf. Remo 
Franceschini, head of the organized crim e intelli­ gence section of the New 
York City Police Depart­ ment. 
“ Not since the days of 
Vito Genovese has there been a more ruthless and feared individual. The rest of them are copper; he is pure steel.” 
Now 67 
Over the y ears. G a ­ lante. who is 67 years old. has been convicted of narcotics violations and attem pted arm ed ro b ­ bery and arrested for as­ silag, bootlegging, extor­ tion, gambling, and ho­ m icide for the alleged m urder of a New York 
City police officer during a robbery in 193o 
Like other organized crim e figures, G alante shuns publicity and clo­ sely guards his privacy, confiding in only a very few close asso ciates whose silence is assured. 
What is known about such men m ust come from intimates who knew and w atched him in prison, from underworld sources, and from law enforcem ent officials who rely on often limited 
I surveillance, street in­ formants. and occassion- 
; a1 wiretaps 
**. Nevertheless, from a two-mon th investigation 
• by the New York Times, i which included inter- 
, views with underworld 
’ sources. and law- enforcement officials 
; in several federal and lo- 
; cal agencies, there has em erged a p ro trait of 
Carmine Galante. 
Galante. who was r e ­ leased from jail in early 
1974 after serving 12 years of a 2o-year se n ­ tence on a narcotics con- 
\ id ion. is slowly working to reverse the policies of 
, Gambino. who was the most powerful Mafia boss throughout the 
; 196os. 
Closed ranks 
G am bino closed the ranks of the Mafia and moved it away from nar­ cotics trafficking during his reign. 
A ccording to under- 
I world sources. Galante wants to restore to the 
• Mafia the traditional Si­ ll cilian standards of loyal- 
• ty. d iscipline, and re- 
• sp e d for authority that 
J he feels Gambino allowed 
*» to erode during his reign. t 
Police report that Ga- 
J lante, who was an under- 
• boss to Joseph Bonnano 
Z before Galante went to 
• jail, has quietly taken 
• control of thut crime fa­ mily and that he has been m eeting with and has succeeded in winning the support of several other family bosses 
Law enforcement offi- 
; d ais say that Galante has already begun to steer the Mafia back to large- scale heroin trafficking and has been setting up 

CARLO GAMBINO 

 new channels in Montreal for heroin that would be brought in from Europe, and on the West. Coast for shipm ents from South­ east Asia. 
They also say Galante is laying the groundwork for a national narcotics network which would corner the heroin market and that he has received favorable responses for this project from several 
Mafia bosses around the country. 
Because he knows that law enforcement agencies are observing him close 
Iv. officials say lie w ill he operating cautiously un­ til his parole ends in 1961 
Even so. given the feuds within the Mafia, he may not survive until then, and if he does, some think he may be too old (although he is in perfect health ) to a s ­ sume control of a nation a1 mob alliance. 
“ C arm ine 
G alante knows he is being watched and he’s not go ing to rubber-stamp her mn shipments or person ally touch the stuff.” said one high-level law en forcement official “ But it is obvious that he is giving the directions in setting up a narcotics network. 
Watch him 

“ We could probably put him hack in jail for associating with known crim inals, which would be a violation of his parole,” he added “ But we prefer at this point just to watch him to sci what he will do 

The son of a fisherman who em igrated from 
Castellammare del Gob fo. in northwest Sicily, 
Galante began his career as a leader of a lower 
Lower East Side Italian gang. 
He quickly moved up the ladder of organized crim e, becoming a top gam bling rack eteer. 
What made his rep u­ tation in the syndicate, according to police sources, was the widely held belief rn the under­ world that he was linked with the killing of Carlo 
T re sc a. the editor of an anarchist newspaper in 
New York rn 1943. 
The m u rd er, which made international head­ lines. was believed to have been ordered by Vi­ to Genovese, who wanted to elim inate a politcal enemy of his friend, the fascist dictator. Benito 
Mussolini. 
G alante, whose car was found abandoned two blocks from Hie scene, was held for questioning in the case hut was relesased for lack of evidence. 

M O N D A \ I N n i t : E X - 
P R E S S : 
C o l a m e : 
A rn a tut o f c o n t r a d i c t i o n * . 
EXPRESS EWS 

«(. ^ 
Son**. m d idem On* W K .* — I tx * u- > <. « C*. 
On, M n. To** » I n , 
•***» d m d a , *«.■*> »*Mii OH* *"Mrt*o<i ■>* o 
M i * o » m > Do. p-m md-v W 
. , 
%i TH* f .pie*. 
Co*po*o*»o« 
PO ji/» 
*•" 
’•*Q* '***' im m d CW*. R****M Rod rn 
M K nn. Tow* 
.o -. Manito A Wa *•»*• •• J* *• I"*1* 
•" 
*o*'" n* Nurvo lOMHBl lo-O* ****** I,*,*• So* K*io*-» I.pi*,, o' So* *-'1. - ***•» '-. 
OM n m o M a M M a— XI t* r.< euu» rn* "«* I* '•'po** ** **• 

San Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— Sunday February 2o I 977 

Hi—IIT - -yr -y- 
■jto,... 
..... oasi.-,,! -I,.—I.,**. ..I aam niiiwi I mmmmmvm kiwi 1.11 III IU !■—I I I.— n.n, 
— 
--- 

MAIL SUBSCRIPTION RAUS 

••no, «#o-o 
-O'*I 'O' 
OTHIR STATES 

I do t M i* 
SS *v i j * " 
I s * ’ 
I* 6S 
W< RO 
S*S I s s o / i / s ' * ss o v 
S* *' 
I J J Os 
Ut i i s IS u t i i 

»■. *• ii* J* 
*R 
ES JO 
%}> * • 
IST Pi 
I M S 
»M> IS t i ’» 
S JI SO 
SS' <» 
S H I 
» ' * » » 
1 1 1 ' / 

 non WHA '«»* » • *•* WM" * ••• I 

 m w — y OM ia M o . »» RO * . ' - « • * ,* * '« * 
„ ww, |H M hW i WM** ow, - 4 WM*. - I* O M 
SI t i em mon* law toto* Hut t « u w SoH *«o. OM S A O ' I * IS RO' - o * "1 

Poge 
6-A 
Son Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— Sundoy Februory 2o 1977 

Sears Best socks and underwear for kids 

More underwear buys 
CATALOG 
CLOSEOUT camisetles 

Save 
\ 
44% to 61 % 

Nylon tricot sleepwear 

Girls print bikinis 

T -shirts, pk^. of .'I, SALL, w hile, reg. S3.I*) ...................... 
B oys' briefs, pkg. of 3 , SA LL, w hite, reg. S 3. Ut ............. 
G irls' p anties, pkg. of 3, SA LL, p rin ts, reg. S 3 .1 9 .......... 
C uffed an k lets, pkg. of 3 , SA L L ,XL, w hite, reg. S 2 .15 . 
Crew socks, pkg. of 3 , \1,L,X L, w hite, d ark s, reg. S 2 .1 5 
K nee socks, M .L.XL, w hite, assorted colors, reg. 89* .... 

S ears B e s t panties, pkg. of 3 , w hite, reg. $ 3 .2 9 ........ 
S ears Best p anties, pkg. of 3, p rin ts, reg. $ 3 .2 9 ...... 
S ears Best vests, pkg. of 3, w hite, reg. $ 3 .2 9 ............. 
< ling-alon nylon knee highs, w hite, assorted colors. 

Little Girls’ nylon tights 
$ 9 to $ 1 3 in 
1 9 7 6 sp rin g catalog 

Limited quantities 

Our nylon tricot collection includes . . . long and short gowns, long and short sieepcoats and mini gowns with matching bikini pants. Some with em­ broidery and lace trims. Exciting color selection. 
Sizes Small thru Large . . . but not all sizes in all styles. 

 a k 
Shaped panel 
'X seat for long w e a r, w id e 
J) elastic waist- bund. SALL. 
CHARGE IT on Sear* Revolving Charge 

T ri-B len d briefs, pkg. of 3, reg. husky, reg. I 3 .W ........................................... 
T ri-B len d T -sh irts, pkg. ol 3 reg. husky, reg. S 3 .9 9 ....................................... 
L uxury crew socks, M -XL, brow n, w hite, navy and m ore, reg. SI.OO pr. 
S port lube socks, L,XL, w hile w ith variety of color stripe co m b in atio n s, reg. S I.o 9 p r............................................................................ ............ 

 sale prices good thru February 26th 

In o u r Lin gerie a n d 41-Worm*-W ear bhop 
SALE! Save now on 
Nylon knit or lacy bras 

M ASTM TOW 

I ITI IN G * 

 an.I 4 I iilllp le le line 

 ut related p ro d u i I* 

 p in . i i . fu r an 

 a p p u iiit iiu iii 

Tile I lyurt "“Imp 

 a l S* a r, 

I m lr a l Hark 
-*-'M H I H 
Vt.M a r , |)r. 
2JH MHH 
One in nylon lace with polyester fiberfill lift, 
B,G cups; the other, contoured in nylon double knit, A,B,C cups; both with nylon, spundex 
Lacy U -cup. U egulur $ 2 .1 7 each. Now 3 tor $o 

In o u r t inure >hop 
Sale price good thru F eb ru ary 2 3 rd 

Military Drive Store at Pleasanton Kd. 
Mon- thru Sat. 
9:3o-*# 

(antral Park Store san Pedro at Loop t il) 
Mon. thru Sat. 
9 3o-9 

Downtown Plata Store 
Soledad al Navarro 
Mon. and I hurt. 9:3o-9 
All other da>s 9:3o-o 
O C d l o 
Where America shops 

 st.AHs. h o i i k t h Asb ( 
Satisfaction Guaranteed or Your Money Back 

[ S c a rs 

Son Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— Sunday February 2o 1977 

 atm ■ M m r msM 

■ 
■ 
■ 
■ 
■ 
I i § § * i 

 m 
- m n j* i m 
M i i — 

T H I S AU IS O I B K O R I ) ll is h arked by Sears Adver­ tising Policy which requires every advertised item to he supported in each store with sufficient m erchandise . .. If we sh o u ld ru n ou t of him reduced priced item during the sale, we will reorder for you al the sale price. This d o e s n o t a p p ly to sp e c ia l purchase, clearance and clo­ seout sales w here quantities are limited. 

Matching coat and trousers with contrasting vest. 

Matching coat and vest with contrasting slacks 

Coat with contrasting vest and trousers 

 proportioned fit pants 

A and 
/ \ under 

 typical/ \5 '2 "to 

Matching coat and trousers. 
Coat with contrasting slacks 
Matching coat, trousers and vest 

Your Choice shirt or pants on this versatile 4-piece vested suit with six great looks 
P **! 
CHARGE IT on Sears Revolving Charge 

Regular $ 9 9 ... What a modest price for so much versatility and style. Choose gruy, camel, green, brown or blue in IOO'* texturized wo.en polyester. 

Includes: matching sportcoat slacks, contrasting slacks and reversible vest 

Sale price good thru February 26th 
Regular "8 each 
I f i r a pretty new roil for s p r i n g . W e ’ll h e l p you d erid e how lo show your b rit vide. t all u»! 
A sporty dresser knows how to make color work lur her. I hat's wily she chooses separates like ours! Polyester, Perms* Prest* pants features stitched front creases and conte iii proportioned* fit sizes R lo 2d. Our updated, long-sleeved, polyester shirt, sized ll to IR. conies douhh huMon t tiffed, Light to dark lint's. 

Men’s wing tips 
O ow nlow n P lw * 
2 2 B- 12o 4 

M ilitary O r o r 

( a n tra l Park 
22B-3272 

H u h le a th e r uppers fe a t u re classic wing tip styling. Leather sole, rubber heel. In black or brown. 

• I he M um* Plat e 

Pauls ( U om en's sizes 

‘s h i r t ( W o m e n * * s iz e s 

 lit o u r Spur lo t r u t lh-fiat fu n til 

 imperial Pun base, though not duced, is an exceptional value. 
Scars Where America shops 

Kiana, autem k and co. Satisfaction Guaranteed or Your Money Back 

N ile prices good thru February 26th 

M ilitary lim e Store at Pleasanton ltd 
Mon thru **al, 
•TTO-** 

( rn lral Park store 
San IN tiro al I «»o|* 11 
Mon. thru Sal, 
♦I. HO-‘I 

How ii lo wit Plaza Starr 
Soledad at Navarra 
Man, aud I hurt. o.T o -o 
All other days V..UM* 

 rn 

San Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— Sunday February 2o 1977 

Dillard: 

 en early monday 9 a.m. 

M onday only! previously marked-down junior dresses 
5o % 

Orig. $18 to 5o, now 4.49 to 12.49. Save 
5o% more on all junior dresses already marked !6 off! I, 2-pc. styles. Sizes 5 to 13. 

Junior Dresses 

 one day only! previously marked-down junior separate tops 

 save an 
H 
I 

 additional 

Orig. $7-48, Monday only 1.49 to 11.99. 
Pants, shirts, tops, vests, jackets, skirts, gau­ chos in popular colors and fabrics! Sizes 5 to 

Junior Sportswear 

 b irth d a y special! previously marked-down boys' winter wear 

 save an 
| U 
/ m 

 additinal 

5o% off the current mark down prices ... 
Save on jackets, long sleeve knit shirts and more! 

Children's 

 one day only! every Qiana® shirt and blouse in stock 
25% OFF 

Orig. $19-28, now 14.25 to $21. Famous makers shirts, blouses in many styles in popu­ lar colors. Sizes 8 to 18. 
Top Shop 

M onday only! previously marked-down girls' fashions 

 save an 
J 

 additional 
/ VJ 

Orig. 3.99 to 7.49, now 1.99 to 3.49. 
You'll pay 5o% of the markdown price on girls' tops, pants, shirls, split skirts. 4-14. 

Girls' 

 b irth d a y values! top maker boys', short sleeve shirts 
3.99 

Orig. $5-7, now 3.99. Top maker boys' short sleeve knit shirts in easy care, long wearing cotton/polyester. Blue, brown. 8-16. 

Children's 

 only one day! previously marked-down top sportswear rr„., 5o% 

O rig . $16-8 o , n o w 3.99 to 19.99. 
Sportswear you want at prices you can't re­ sist. Broken sizes 6 to 16. 
Pacesetter Sportswear 

 just tom orrow ! previously marked-down maker sportswear 

 save an 
J 

 additional 

Orig. $18-65, now 4.5o to 16.99. Pants, jackets, skirts, shirts and sweaters at these low prices ... tomorrow only! Hurry in! 

Sportswear 

 only M onday! previously marked down top label sportswear! 

 save an 
^ 
( 1 v 
A 
. 

 additional 
% J\J / 

Orig. $14-3o, now 3.49 to 7.49. One day only...1/^ the ticketed price on all previously marked V2 off sportswear. 8 to 18. 

Sportswear 

Tom orrow only! previously marked-down 
I-pc., 2-pc.,long dresses 

 save an 
J 

 additional 

Values from $38-142, now of Va off! 

The time to save on assorted lpc., 2-pc., long polyester, blend dresses. 8 to 18. 

Dresses 

M onday only! previously marked-down fall and winter dresses 

 save an 
H 
I J U 
A 
. additional 
/ \ J 

Reg. $5o-15o, now 24.99 to 74.99. I-pc., 
2-pc., jacket and-long dresses in many popu­ lar styles, colors and fabrics. Sizes 6 to 2o. 
Dresses 

One day only! special savings junior separate pants, jeans 
2o% OFF 

Reg. $16-25, now 12.8o to $2o. Current spring pants and jeans from our regular stock. 
Doesn't include coordinate group items. 

Junior Sportswear 

 b irth d a y savings! misses' popular long dresses 
5o% OFF 

Compare at $2o-24, now 9.99. Long poly­ ester knit dresses in assorted styles and colors at these low prices! 
Dresses 

 g re at values! save on new spring separate tops 
2o% OFF 

Reg. $6-18, now 4.8o to 14.4o. Current spring junior tops in knit and woven styles. 
Does not include coordinate group items. 

Junior Sportswear 

 b irth d a y savings! new spring 

 designer dresses 
2o% OFF 

Reg. $5o-2oo, 2o% OFF. Famous label de­ signer dresses marked down . . . I-pc. 2-pc., jacket and long styles. Assorted colors. 4-2o. 

Designer Dresses 

 happy b irth da y special entire stock of scarves . . . reduced! 
3o% OFF 

Reg. $2-12, now 1.4o to 8.4o. Our entire stock of scarves . , . polyester, silky, silk blends, cotton in small and large sizes. 

Accessories 

 revolutionary special! top quality, stylish knit jumpsuits 
13.99 

Compare at $24-28, now 13.99. Misses' polyester knit jumpsuits with many fashion features in assorted stripes and solids. 6-16. 

Dresses 

 happy savings! entire stock of sunglasses reduced 
2o% OFF 

Reg. $5-2o, now $4-16. Men's and wom­ en's wire or plastic shell frame sunglasses in current styles . . , our entire stock 3o% off! 
Accessories 

 cardigan sweaters ... 3o% OFF! 
One day only!A wide assortment of bright spring cardigan sweaters made exclusively for 
Dillard's at this special low price! S M* L. 

O rig. $17-2o .......................... 3o% OFF 

Terrific selection of tie-die canvas totes with applique or embroidered designs. Sturdily constructed and roomy too! Reg. $5-6 . 3.99 

Famous maker bras at 66% savings! Contour and soft cups in assorted styles and sizes. 
Orig. $6 
......... 1.99 

Al! long 1oo% tricot long gowns, with dainty lace trims and stretch laces in assorted pastels reduced! Orig. $12-16 ...... ................... 6.99 

Special purchase of nylon gowns with lace and embroidered yoke trims. Sizes S-M-L. 
Short..3.99 Long 
............................ 5,99 

 tom orro w only! previously marked-down boys' slacks and tops y2 OFF markdown 

Orig. 1.49 to 9.99, tomorrow 74e to 4.99. 
Boys' slacks, jackets, knit tops, sleepwear, outerwear at special savings. Sizes 4 to 7. 
Children's 

 tom orrow only! previously marked down infants', toddlers' wear 

 save an 
O Z k additional 
/ 
O 

Orig. 99c to 13.99, now 49c to 6.99. 

Slacks, tops, coveralls and much more. Sizes 
6 to 24 mo., 2 yr. to 4 yrs. 

Children's 

 birthday savings! final clearance! boys' and girls' play clothes 
Infants', 6 to 4 months 
Corduroy slacks, orig. 4.5o .................. 1.49 
Long sleeve knit shirts, $4 to 4.25........ 1.49 
Corduroy overalls, orig. 5.75 ............... 1.99 
Corduroy coveralls, orig. 8 .7 5 .............. 3.99 
Knit slack or jumper sets, 7.95 to 9.75 . 3.99 
Toddler Girls', 2 to 4 
Assorted slacks, orig. 4.25 to $ 5 .......... 1.99 
LZ S knit shirts, 3.5o to 4.75 .... 1.49 to 1.99 
Girls', 4 to 6x 
Corduroy«print pants, 7.5o................... 2.99 
Corduroy plaid pants, origl. $5 ............ 2.99 
Solid color rib knit tops, orig. 4.89 ..... 1.99 
Solid color pointelle knit tops 4.75 ...... 1.99 
Boys', 2 to 7 l/S knit shirts, 3.75 to 6.5o .... 1.99 to 2.99 
Corduroy or denim slacks, $7 to 7.5o .. 2.99 
Denim jackets, orig. 8.5o ..................... 3.99 

Girls', 7 to 14 
Corduroy pants, orig. $1o.................... 4.49 
Brush denim pants, orig. SIO ................ 4.49 
Stripe turtle neck top 7.5o ................... 2.49 
Print knit top, orig. $6 .......................... 2.49 

 only tom orrow ! spring dresses at warm savings 
2o% OFF 

Values from $34-16o. 2o% off entire group of new spring I-pc., 2-pc„ long dresses for this one very special day. 8-18. 

Dresses 

 b irth d a y savings! famous maker jewelry for every outfit 
112 OFF 

Necklaces, bracelets, pins and earrings in white, gold and silver for all your spring out­ fits. Tomorrow is the time to save. 
Jewelry 

 a ll-w eather coats ... 25% OFF! 
A select group of polyester blend all-weather coats in assorted styles, light and dark shades. Available in sizes 6 to 2o, 

Reg. $5o-1oo ....................... 25% OFF 

SHOP DILLARD'S MONDAY THRU SATURAY FROM IO A.M. 'TIL 9 P.M. 

 it * 
.ft lift ti am i foil#, wa i. Im*. 

 one day safe 

 bon Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— 
Sunday February 2o 1977 

D i I lards 

M onday Only! men's top maker long sleeve fancy dress shirts 
2o% OFF 

/ 
Reg. $14-18, now 11.2o to 14.4o, A great deal you won't want to pass . . . tapered and full cut fancy dress shirts. Regular stock. 

Dress Furnishings 

Monday Only! famous maker men's long sleeve sport shirts 
6.99 

O rig. $19-22, now 6.99. Men's assorted long sleeve sport shirts in stripes, prints, checks, and solids. Knits and wovens. S-M-L- 
XL. 
Men's Sportswear 

 rebellious saving! men's famous maker sport coats 
Vo save 
/ 2 , 

O rig. $8o-85, now 39.99. Men's famous maker sport coats in various colors and styles. 
Assorted fabrics, including polyester, velvet. 

M en's Clothing 

Monday only! men's famous make short sleeve knit shirts 
15% OFF 

Reg. $13-15, tom orrow 15% off! Famous n a m e s h o r t s l eeve k n i t s h i r t s . . . polyester/cotton stripes and nylon solids. 

Men's Sportswear 

 tom orrow only! quality young men's long sleeve sport shirts 
7.99 

Orig. $18, now 7.99. A choice group of long sleeve sportshirts designed with western and casual styles for young men. S-M-L-XL. 

Denim Den 

M onday O nly popular brand pre-washed jeans 
2o% OFF 

Reg. $17-24, now 2o% off! Pre-washed fashion jeans designed for the young casual man . . . Levi and other top brands! Denim. 

Denim Den 

 value, by George! last day Monday! men's4-pc.(quad)suits 
$199 

Reg. $15o, now $119. Solid color suit with coordinating houndstooth pants and reversi­ ble vest. 38 to 46, regulars and longs. 

Men's Clothing 

 only on Monday! w aterproof, vinyl, canvas, nylon luggage 
5o% OFF 

Totes, reg. $1o 4.99 Pullmans, $19 
9.49 
Pullmans, $12 . 5.99 Pullmans, $21 
1o.49 
Pullmans, $16 . 7.99 Pullmans, $23 11.49 
Pullmans, $18 . 8.99 Pullmans, $25 12.49 
Luggage 

 b ir th d a y sp e cia l! 

 special buy! Cannon irregular towels 
37% to 66% o f f 
# 

Bath towel, if perfect $ 4 -5 ............... 2 for *5 
Hand towel, if perfect $2 to 2.5o ... 2 for $2 
Washcloth, if perfect $1 to 1.5o .... 2 for $1 
J t Linens i 

 h a p p y sa vin g s! 
Wamsutta® k in g /queen no-iron percale sheets 
46% to 56% o ff 

Queen/kinq flat or fitted, reg. $13 ... 
6.99 

Std. cases, $7 ............................................4.99 
King cases, $8 ... 
5 99 

Fortrel®cotton in 18o-thread count. 
Linens 

 happy birthday sa vin gs! quality Fieldcrest thermal blankets 
6.99 

Tw in or Full size, reg. $12, now 6.99. Fine quality loom woven thermals with nylon em­ broidered binding. White or yellow. 

Linens 

M onday Only! save on curtains draperies, ensembles 
2o% OFF 

2o% off regular prices on sheers, draperies, pillows, woven wools, bedspreads and novelty curtains. 1o% off. 

Drapery 

 r .- ............ — " 1 11 
" 
........ 

M onday Only! 
Lane action recliners at great savings 

 save 2o% 

Reg. $199, now 159.2o. Action recliners 
. . . W all-A-W ay's, rocker recliners, swivel rocker recliners. Vinyls, velvets, Herculons®. 

Furniture 

I day only! great savings on all furniture accessories 
25% OFF 

Save 25% ort. all lamps, pictures, mirrors and other accessories in the furniture department 
. . . at Va off the regular price! 

Furniture Accessories 

 tom orrow only! great prices on all 
Simmon's Hide-A-Beds 
2o% OFF 

Reg. $ 4 9 9 -6 4 9 , to m o rro w $ 3 9 9 -5 1 9 . 
Simmon's Hide-A-Beds in Herculons®, and velvets w ith innerspring mattresses. 

Furniture 

Monday only! 
Lyon Shaw baked enamel patio furniture 
25% OFF 

3-pc. patio set, reg. $115 ...................... $94 
5-pc. patio set, reg. $349 .................... $262 
Spring chairs, reg. $ 6 9 ........................... 
$52 

Furniture 

• 
" 1 11 1 111 1 " lf [ 11 1 ' 1 
" 1 111 11 
1111 1 
1 1 

M onday Only! men's fancy and solid 

: contemporary sportshirts 
6.99 

O rig. $16-32, now 6.99. Cotton and poly- 
• ester solid and fancy sport shirts in matchable 
J colors. Sizes S-M-L-XL. 
Sportswear 

 birthday special! stainless steel serving pieces 
I / 2 OFF 

Reg. $5. Covered butter dish, vegetable dish and bread tray in stainless steel. Great value from Dillard's. 

Housewares 

M onday Only! all china and glassware patterns in stock 
I o TO 5o% OFF 

All open stock, place settings and sets! No phone orders. Orders on current patterns de­ livery based on manufacturer's ability, 

China 

 sp ecial p ric e ! 
45-pc. Ironstone dinnerware set 
34.88 

Reg. 49.99. 45-pc. Irsontone dinnerware set for every table includes service for 8 plus 5 piece complete set. 

Housewares 

 re v o lu tio n a ry p rices! save now on porcelain enamel cookware 
24.98 

Reg. 29.99, now 24.98. 7-pc. enamel cook­ ware set: I ’/a qt. and 2 qt. covered sauce­ pans, 5 qt. covered dutch oven, 916 inch skillet. 
Limited Quantities 
, 
Housewares 

 birthday bargain! 
Magnavox 25" color TV great low price 
$548 

Reg. 629.95, now $548. Magnavox deluxe 
25" diagonal color TV. Solid state chassis, automatic fine tuning, bright pictures. 

Televisions 

 rebellious sa vin gs! great prices on our own 
Softouch pantyhose 
6 fo r 2.99 

Compare at 99* each, now 6 for 2.99, 
Our own Softouch nylon pantyhose in Sandal­ foot or demi-toe styles. Suntan, beige, taupe. 

Hosiery 

 birthday sp ecial! popular style robes and lounge wear. 
25% OFF 

Reg. $ 1 1 -3 1 . Zip or button front robes, hostess pieces and kimonos in assorted solids and prints. Nylon and cotton blends. P to L. 

Robes 

Polyester knit slacks with current styling by a top maker. Assorted solid colors. Sizes 32 to 

J 
42. Orig. $16 and more ...... 
9,99 to 1o.99 

The sharp look of wool at a price you can afford . . . 1oo% wool solid color slocks. 
Sizes 32-38. Orig 42.5o .................... 29.99 

1o-pc. stainless steel cookware with sauce­ pan, double boiler insert, dutch oven and fry pan. Open stock value 96.7o ............... 59.99 

Decorated casserole serving baskets in de­ signs to brighten your dinner table and make serving easier. Reg. 2.98 to 4.98 . 25% OFF 

Make serving easier and more efficient, woven natural top serving table with dark finish bamboo trim legs. Reg. 29.99 ... 19.99 

Celebrate Washington's birthday at Dillard's 
, . . baskets, serving pieces, vases and mony g ift ideas for everyone .... 1o% to 25% OFF 

J 
Revolutionary savings . . . everything to brighten your walls! Select pictures, mirrors, clocks, metal sculptures ................. 2o% OFF 

Equip your bar with J.G. Durand set of 8 on- the-rocks glasses or 13-oz. beverage glasses. 
Break-resistant and durable ..... 
5.99 

DILLARD'S: NORTH, CENTRAL PARK; SOUTH, MILITARY PLAZA; NORTHEAST, WINDSOR PARK 

WIMmM 
■ J*' 

M O I BANDY 
S.A .’s 
Bandy hits big in C-W 

Bv WILBY 
ALEXANDER 
OF THE EXPRESS NEW S STAFF 

Houston’s Mickey Gil­ ley ran away with the m ajor Country-W estern aw ards in Los Angeles this week hut San Anton­ io proved it has Moe ta­ lent 
Moe, of course, being 
Moo B andy, th e S A product who has hit it big 

 i i i the singing world 
Bandy was selected as the most promising male 

Moe Mainly o f San 
Antonio has hit it big in the singing world with his se­ lection as the most p r o m i s i n g m a le singer at the 12th 
A nnual A c a d e m y o f (lountry Music 
Awards 

 singer, a coveted award presented during the 12th 
A nnual 
A cadem y of 
Country Music Awards. 
Bandy has been a fre­ quent visitor to the hit chart with such hits as 
‘B andy, th e 
Rodeo 
Clown.’ 
R odeos a re nothin new to Bandy since his brother Mike is a top notch rodeo performer. 
The big story of the a w a rd s show, though, was Mickey Gilley. Gil ley, who appeared at the 
San Antonio rodeo last 
M onday, T u esd ay and 
W ed n esd ay n ig h ts knocked ‘em dead. 
He took six m a jo r awards, including enter tam er of tin* year and male singer of the year 
Gilley’s ‘Don’t All the 
Girls Look P re ttie r at 
C losing 
T i m e ’ won 
Country Song of the Year honors and his hit ‘Bring 
It On Home’ was named single record of the year 
Album of the year went to Gilley’s ‘Smoking’ and 
Ins band, the Red Rose 
Express, was named the top touring band. 
P re tty C ry sta l G ale was named female singer of the year and Billie .lo 
S p e a rs w as voted the most prom ising female singer. 
The top group honor went to Conway Twiny and Loretta Lynn, who now have won the honor m o re th a n any othe group. 
George Jones, anotto 
Texan, saw his band 
Possum Holler, win the non-touring band honor 
Hosts of the AO-minute ceremony, which will be televised by ABC’-TV na bouw ole Thursday, wer 
Patti Page, Pat Boone and Jerry Reed 
The Academy's Board of D irectors p resented 
Roy 
C lark w ith the 
Reeves Memorial Award tor fu rth erin g in te rn a ­ tional a c c e p ta n c e of country music. 
Making the p re se n ta ­ tions were Carol C han­ ning, Connie Stevens, Joe 
Campanella, Abe V’tgoda. 
Anson Williams. Donny 
Most. Claude Akins, Var I 
Burton and Ren Woods. 
That's a lot of talent in itself, but San Antoniot has Moe talent, 

Paper tells appointment 

PALESTINE, 
(AP) 
— 
Palestine 
He- ra ld -P re s s 
P u b lis h e r 
W ayne S ellers has a n ­ nounced the appointment of L arry Mayo as the n e w sp a p e r's g en e ral m a n a g e r effectiv e in mid-March 
Mayo is personnel dir­ ector of the Dallas Times 
Herald, which he joined after serving two years as an Arm y co rresp o n ­ dent in Southeast Asia, 
He is a fo rm e r jo u r ­ n alism student at the 
I'm v e rsity of Texas at 
Austin, 

YOUR CH O IC E 

EACH PIECE 

SAVE s2o 
*59 
Check All I he Storage In These 
Colonial Style Tables By Good! 

I ake advantage of this outstanding Levitz offer! Choose the double door 54"x2o" cocktail table, 27"x22" hexagonal com ­ mode or 27" square commode with a mellow Salem Maple grain on selected hardwoods, engraved wood products and simulated wood ... fully scalloped bases... roomy storage! 

You’ll Marsel At The Workmanship 
In This All Wood Bassett Bedroom! 

You may have dreamed about a bedroom like this ... but never that you’d find it at such an affordable price! Just look at the exquisitely matched inlaid effects, the streamlined contemporary elegance, the rich O a £ finish on Oak veneers. 
Oak solids and selected hardwoods. Discover it at Levitz! 

Once ] ou see this beauty, you’ll realize w hat a value it is! 
96" sofa and 6o"right section combine to form a dramatic showpiece in luxurious print rayon velvet! 
Quality details include a no-sag® spring edge construct­ ion, deep reversible seat cushions for superb com fort... even matching arm bolsters! A 4-star value! 

Dine In The Grand Manner With A 
Roomful Of Traditional Style Singer! 

Seeing is believing this beauty! The 42"x62" trestle table ex­ tends to a banquet 98", has I arm and 3 side chairs. The roomy 6o" china has a lighted screened glass display deck and 4-door storage base. All have a Pecan grain on en­ graved wood products, select hardwoods & simulated wood. 

SAVE s79 

RAYON/COTTON VELVET 
Sink Into This Plump Kroehler 
Royale Chair At Giant Savings! 

Surround yourself w ith famous Kroehler quality and beau­ tiful traditional styling! Elegant lounge chair has tufted back, resilient spring base, reversible “T ” seat cushion and kick-pleated tailored skirt. Gives any room an elegant note in lush rayon/cotton velvet. Test it today! 

Dozens More Outstanding Famous Brand Furniture Bargains Immediately Available From Our *2,ooo,ooo Warehouse Inventory 

Open A Convenient Levitz 
REVOLV-A-CHARGE 
OR 
GET $75o INSTANT CREDIT 

It you have a Master Charge BankAmericard Amer­ ican Express Carte Blanche, or Diners Club Card are employed of legal age have a listed phone and drivers license 

Have A Family Sized 
7-Pe. Douglas Dinette 

ALL 7 PCS 
5 8 9 

36"x48" table has walnut tone plastic lop, 12" le a f ... 6 hi-back 

 vinyl chairs. 

Use This o-PC. Comer 
Group Day And Night! 

ALL 9 PCS. 
* 
1 
6 
7 

Have 2 mattresses, 2 founda­ tions, 2 bolsters, 2 quilted covers, colorful corner table 
— 

1AM 
7 PM 

CHARGE IT! 
St 
A' 

TOMORI r. 
■ ■ 
■ 

Have The Library Wall 
You’ve Always Wanted! 

* 7 9 
3-PC. SET 
YOUR CHOICE 
KACH UNIT. 
Open, door, drop-hd bookcas­ es, Colonial style, 
Hickory grain vinyl on wood products. 
- 

Wall Snugger Recliner 
By Kroehler Royale! 

NOW ONLY * 1 5 7 

Enjoy full reclining comfort just I * from the wall .. in Nau- 

*66 
FULL SIZE 
MATTRESS OR 
BOX SPRING 

Sleep Better On Super 
Firm Bedding Tonight! 

QUEEN SIZE. 2-PC. SET .. SIHO 

 innerspring mattress has a lux­ urious quilted cover. 
Box spring gives added support! 
— 

 r 

Get Double Duty With 
A Modem Sleep-Sofa! 

 t j 
A 
- 
HERCULON® 
I 
# 
OLEFIN 

Contemporary sofa conceals a full size bed. is covered with 
J ib id Herculon oletin! 

Open A Convenient Levitz 
REVOLV-A-CHARGE 
OR 
GET $75o INSTANT CREDIT 

It you have a Master Charge. BankAmericard. Amer 
•can Express. Carte Blanche or Diners Club Card. are employed, of legal age. have a listed phone and drivers license 

Create Elegance With 
Bassett Oval Mirrors! 

* 1 9 
OVAL 
Claim these 22"x4o" mirrors with intricately crafted metal frame finished rn gold! 

Toss This 
Bean Bag Everywhere! 
*1o MOLDS-TO-YOU 
Scoop it up in colorful.colors.. supported v i n y l . great for TV 

Be The Perfect Host 
At This 3-Pc. Bar! 
*44 
M O D ERN 
Set includes sleek 48" bar with walnut lone vinyl (rom . . . 2 

 i « . S R 

Rush For This 
Boston Rocker! 

SCOOP SLA J * 2 4 

C h arm in g rocker has high 

 spuidie back, lumcd fx*d.\ urn- toured scipp scat lor comfort* 

W ilshire 4-Speaker 
Stereo C enter Buy! 

A ROOMFUL 
S O / f 
OF SOUND 
Fabulous 
48* entertainment unit has AM/FM stereo radio, 

S tu c k tape deck, 4 

Discover Futurisms New “Tempo” 
A Carefree, Carry-Home 71" Sofa! 
I 

Enjoy a totally new kind of sofa ... full of fun and freedom! 
Super-affordable new “ Icmpo” comes in its own carry-home carton... is sleek and lightweight in tubular white plastic snaps together in seconds. The super-soft vinyl padding is rn j yellow or black Have it today at savings! 

BILLY CARTER 
Billy 
• / may 
Texas mayor 
%/ 

S N tlA l TO TMI tXPRLSS NfcW$ 

LUCKENBACH - Bil­ ly Carter has boon iiix it - od to become Mayor for a 
Day of Luckenbach (pop. id 
I'ho invitation corno from Cutin Morgan, first lady of (his Hill Country town w hich h a s been without a m ayor since tho d ea th of 
Hondo 
Crouch last fall. 
“ Wo have more trust in you than tin* pooplo til 
Plains who know you,” silo wired tho President’s brother. 
“ They have denied you twice. We want to give you a third chance. We would like you to he our mayor for the whole day of March Pl This is a special honor b ec au se 

*11 c h a r e m o r e trust in you t h a n the p e o p l e in 
Minins w h o k n o w y o u ' 

 thai is the day the mud daubers return to Luek- enbach,” she said 
J a c k 
H a rm o n , c h a irm a n of The Mud 
Daubers Return to Luck- enbaeh Day, explained that no tram or bus fare had been offered to Billy and his wife sin c e it might look like influence peddling 
“ However, we do feel we can show you Texas hospitality by offering you free beer (luring your entire stay,” 
Harmon wrote in a letter. 
“ A friend from G eor­ gia suggested it might be cheaper to pay your air fare. However, we Luck- e n b a c h ia n s a r e n ’t chinchy. We want a good buddy to sit up with far into the night waiting for the mud daubers to come back to Luckenbach.” his letter continued, 
He said he regretted this Texas m ira cle oc­ curred on the same day the sw allow s a re s u p ­ posed to come back to 
C a p is tra n o and e x ­ pressed the hope th a t 
Curter would come here instead of going to Cali­ fornia. 

Monastery 

“ I^et those Californians sit up with Jerry Brown in a m onastery w aiting for th o se fo rm al b ird s with the little swallow ta i l s , ” he w rote. “ We will wait in a saloon with 
Billy w atc h in g for the first naked Texas Mud 
Dauber to arrive back in 
Luckenbach ” 
No reply lias yet been received from Carter. 
Another feature of the international celebration will Im* the sale of leftover 
O fficial 
B ic e n te n n ia l 
Administration-approved souvenirs. L uckenbach was n am ed A m e r ic a ’s firs t N o n -B ice n te n n ial 
City in protest ag ain st the c o m m e rc ia lis m which attended the 2ooth anniversary. 
. * 
Cathy Morgan had e a r­ lier o ffered m a n u ­ facturers another chance to rip off the public by selling their red, white and blue rem ainders on 
March ID. 

IO per cen! 

The only requirement is thatMhey donate IO per cent of their take to The 
I Hondo C rouch “ I Told 
You So” Fund which will be used to erect a s t a ­ tue ut the late humorist mayor in Luck­ enbach 
Luckenbach is aiwan OU 
I m i l e s north ut San An­ tonio n ea r 
'h e 
LBJ 
I Ranch 
It consists of a saloon-gene raj store built in I Hon a u d a dance hall plus r u in s of a livery stable and cotton gin 

COMPARE & SAVE! 

//////// / //* 
★ Compare ★ 
ALL-STAR Protein 
. with Hoffman’s 
★ &Save! ★ 

PROTEIN VALUE! 

Poge 
12-A 
San Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— Sunday February 2o 1977 
Seven hurt in 
Amtrak mishap 

B ella m ay seek m ayor post 

 rejected, but it was believed to be a seven-year term as a $5o,ooo -a-year member of the 
Federal Trade Commission, which regulates advertising, polices anticompetitive mergers and issues rules to protect consumers. 

NEW YORK - Former Rep. Bella S. Abzug said Saturday she would not accept what she called an offer by President Carter of a post in his administration. niuaumcounw 

I MILLERS 
7 o Z . g | f l i<A 
% UNPROCESSED BAG f iU C 

OLDFASHIONED 
Mrs. Abzug spent a half-hour with the 
President at the White House last Monday and said later they had talked about a vacancy on the FTC. However, other sources said Carter offered her a job not to her liking. 

The decision appeared to move her closer to a race for the Democratic nomination for mayor of New York City. 

Mrs. Abzug did not say what position she had 
| 1 ,b - B a 9 
"3 5 3 
YOU SAVE 3oc | iimfm~[IWW*ut v mr 
U R t r i l l YOU SAVE 28c | 

 tn ii oui u p Tm s k i IMI?? 
IRWIN, Pa. (AP) - An 
Amtrak passenger train derailed near this south­ western Pennsylvania community Saturday, in­ juring seven of JLS 45 passengers. 
“ It felt like the train was rolling sideways on‘a platter of marbles,” said 
Denny Dude, 25, of New 
Castle, Pa., who boarded the National Limited in 
Pittsburgh. 
Rails were twisted, ties broken, and cars were tilted at odd angles when the 
1o-car train screeched to a halt in sight of the Pennsylvania 
Turnpike. 

“ It’s a mess,” said fir­ eman Donald Wentroble, who helped extinguish a fire under a locomotive derailed in the accident. 
“ The track is bent like a pretzel.” 
The train was en route from Kansas City, Mo., to 
New 
York and had stopped in Pittsburgh a short time before the wreck. 
Ten cars 

The IO cars and one of the train’s two locomo­ tives left the track. 
Amtrak officials gave no immediate explana­ tion for the derailment. 
The train was traveling about 4o m.p.h., they said. 
“ It was like getting nearer to God,” said trainman G.J. McKenzie, who was walking through the train when it de­ railed. “ It scared the hell out of me.” 

Gardner Duncan, 57, of 
New York, a railroad employe, was hospi­ talized in fair condition with lower back injuries. 
Four women and two men were also taken to area hospitals for treat­ ment, but none was ser­ iously injured, officials said. 

The train came to a stop adjacent to the Har- liss Specialties plant in the v illage of Shafton. 
“ I was in the office and felt the floor tremble," said owner Frank LISSY. 
“ We’re used to that here, but this time it seemed unusually loud.” 

 mu. 
Capsula* 
51 
$1.19 W 
LIMIT OIH 

Capsules 
$199 s s * 

| 1oo 
Ascorbtcw w 

2 $oo 
121$ S.W. MILITARY DR. 
$ i 

1oO i Ascorbic I 
SPECIAL PURCHASE 

CLOVER 
£ f . | 

HONEY 54 

SAME tOHVtn* 
79o SA 9o 

COMPAR! 
COMPAR! 
YOU SAVE $1.oo 

 v y S i S S l 
HUIT OW W ISES HS 77. <977 

MILLERS UNPROCESSED 

SAM! 
FORMULA 
SAM! 
FORMULA 
16 o7 

Rich in I i F> 
“ 4 a 

NOT 
1 6 O Z . 

CjM PAR! Sou.eo 

WHILE THEY 
LAST. NO 
CHARGE CAROS 
OR LAYAWAYS 
TALLURI mc cow* 

1oo% NATURAL 

Natural Multi-Vitamins 
9 TOASTED 
A 
I SOYBEANS g 9 $ 

| 5 Varieties 12 OZ y o y 
2oc 

LIMIT OM HUM S H I V HI? V Z M ft 

YOU SAVE 22c | 
JMfeSSS 

 i R 
S 
/ r 

Sllb. Reg. $1.69 YOU SAVE 2oc 

LWHt OMC UPHUS Iii V ll?? fey..vt 
■■■wp.... — .I.i...T■—-T.. .agla-* ! 

 val uaal i me cchipo* 
9o% High Protein 

 no tau 
Tablets 2oo 
M i 

< impart aith Huffman x 

A 'OLI Jiff 

Mo 141o Powder 16 oz $4.35 
PfOTidf s 12 vim s (it piiiim m ? Ie*$pee*l«lx 

CALIFORNIA 

S P E C IA L 
QtmnfiftftS lim ited 
YOU SAVE 2oc 

MALT FLAVORED 
CHEWABLE PROTEIN 
WAFERS 

C o ld w o t o r in — - h o t c o t t o n o u t w h e t h e r y o w b r o w 
I c u p In se c or. ch o r I O c o p e bv 
5 m in u te * . T h o r ic h , 
M I - b o d ie d f la v o r is a lw a y s t h e s o m a . 

3o actinons usnnq M aim prowar IO prams protnn 
No 1417 
Blendol Capsules 

( i m p a r t -in th 
Ro bt ? 

H o ffm a n 'n A sen* W»r 

PREDIGESTED 
SOLUBLE 
15 Grams of Predigested 
Protein per ounce 
PLEASANT TASTING 

 l i u . 
S ol 

Super Blendol Capsules 

Im p art u Uh room 
Hoffman ’n A w it 
Rapid Gain Weight Powder § 
Compare with 
Choc«»t* Ro un 
Hoffman's A salt int v*miu Ro mu 
Rapid Gain Weight Tablets 

< im p a rt w ith 
Ro m u 

Hoffman* A sat t -IOf 
Mi HASHIM* IWO* 

'Bl tow sootuM f . i 

FU R N IT U R E CO. 

I 
2 MONTH 
SUPPLY 
I CORN 
FLAKES fa S H IO N FABRICS 
M ID ChRPCTIhG 

Wanette* 1oZ 

DELICIOUS. NATURAL r a 
Licorice 49^ 
Bits i 'h OZ 
YOU SAVE IOC 
Ready to eat lib YOU SAVE SOC 

Mi Milt IMC COMPO* 

Toasted 
OROW HEAT 
BR AN'NOLA 

LONG GRAIN 
RAISIN BRAN 
GRANOLA K r 

CEREAL 
13w YOU SAVE 4oC 
Famous Diet Formula the AllinOIE 
Kelp, Lecithin, Cider 
Vinegar, Vitamin B-6 
Tablet. 

America s Most Wanted Formulation! 

" f f l * : { A save! 
_ > I m A 5oo-56.88 

OLDFASHIONED 
PEANUT 
BUTTER 

(RADE A LARGE 

COCONUT a Sesame 
I Snacks' 
Macaroons 

BEAM C R IST 

Concentrate 
32 oz. 
Double the Paten 
(Take I My) No, 
SOD­ 
IU M 
$ 
W 
I i 
Carpeting and fabric can make or break a room. 
U 
Choose now from Lees, Bervin and other famous names in carpet. And from hundreds and hundreds of colors and color combinations in drapery and upholstery fabric, Our interior designers will gladly advise and assist. And there's no additional charge for their service. Come in,. .or call for an appointment. 

( Xo (/ere kifal) ale atimy) amitate fa auut yea at ac ext la chulyv 

NEW ACCOUNTS INVITED! Installment Plans - Extended Credit - National Credit 
Cards; Diner* Club, Carte Blanche, Matter Charge, BenkAmencerd, American Express. 

N Q R TH StD E* R ector St. opposite N. Star Mall 
• O p e n M o n & Thurs. til 9 - P h o n e 3 4 2 9411 

ItSPOmSNT RONCI 

Mail Orders Promptly Filled 

Snag or Mail lo I GNC Stoa listed «< left 

 ticiPf r a m sou kl odg.rH 
NOIIO* 
' J . -I r n O’ 
NOW THRU FEBRUARY 26 
Enclosed is1, .., 

PRODUCT NAME 

 v cud* wnam $5 OO add SO* rwdkry 

I BLO { £ five C O U P O N 
\O L D i£ Z * f: C O U R O N 
J O i f l J f W C O U P O N fO L O ^ £ * * 2 COUPON 
J f l l O j / m C O U P O N 
I WAKE f* * * V C O U PON 

SIMPLICITY PATTERNS 
Reg. A i.................... j a 5o< 
Reg. $1.15 . . . . 
Rag. $1.25 . ^ Z S p T b Z A 
Reg. $1.5o^ pM PT. . 
754 
Reg. $1.75 1 ^ . ____ 
884 lim it 3 
OOOO MONDAY, n i U M Y l l ( l- N ) 

O u r U s u a l 7 9 4 
BOYS* BRIEFS 
Irregulars. 
White, sons colon. cotton or 
/cotton. limit 3. 

OOOO MONDAY, H M U A IY l l (E -N ) 

 l 
White, 
Ion. 1oo% 
4 % r polyester- 
^ JP o xiiM .ua. 

O u r U s u a l 5 9 4 
POM POM SNEAKER SOCKS 
Irregulars. 
White with oil porns. Sizes 6 to' and 9 to ll. limit 
Pf. 
OOOO MONDAY, K U U A I Y l l (E -N ) 

White 

.1 5 9 Q 
< nit 3 

S P R IN G D R E S SE S , 
PANT SUITS, JUMPSUITS 
Imputers mode to sell to $23. Sizes IO- ▲ mm e a I 
IS awd 14%-24%. l f SO limit 
I. 
TICKETED 
J 
SIO. 
‘ 

O u r U s u a l $ 1 . 5 9 
LADIES* & TEENS* BRAS 

DOOD MONDAY. K U U A t Y l l (E -N ) 

Imputers. 
White. 
Wain md podded ceps. Sizes 32 Ie SO in 
A end B cups. limit 3. 

•OOO MONDAY. N M U A IY l l (E -N ) 

O u r U s u a l $ 1 . 1 o l l oz. OGIUVE MEN'S 
HAIR SPRAY 

 litre Hold 
Umit 2 

OOOO MONDAY. I W U A I Y l l (E -N ) 
| 

SPECIAL TO THE EXPRESS NEW S 

BROWNSVILLE 
- 
F o rm er C rystal City 
School Supt. Angel Noe 
Gonzalez is scheduled to go on trial here Tuesday on charges of official m isconduct and theft over $2oo. 
The trial was moved to the 197th District Court of 
.Judge Darrell Hester on a change of venue from 
Crystal 
City. 
Gonzalez now resides in Harlingen. 
He is one of six men arrested as a result of a Zavala County grand jury investigation into possible m isdeeds in ­ volving Zavala County governments. The probe is continuing. 
Gonzalez was indicted last June on two counts of official misconduct and one count of theft over 
$2oo, offenses allegedly committed while serving as chief school adminis­ trator. 

Candidate 
Gonzalez was ah u n­ successful candidate in last May’s prim ary for the Democratic nomina­ tion for Congress, trying to unseat U.S. Rep. Eli- gio “ Kika” De La Garza of Mission. 
Previously, Gonzalez had been a m em ber of 
Raza Unida party and has been closely allied with the party’s founder and chief, Zavala County 
Ju dge Jose Angel G u­ tierrez. 
P rio r to m oving to 
Harlingen, he held a high federal educational post in Washington. D C. 
Gonzalez was the first 
Crystal City superinten­ dent following a Raza 
Unida takeover in 197(\ 
He was succeeded in 
1974 by Amancio Cantu, who also was indicted by the grand jury on five counts of official miscon­ duct and one count of theft over $2oo. 
Presided 
Ju d g e H ester is the judge who presided at trials involving several 
Duval County officials, as the result of the ouster of impeached Dist. Judge 
O. P. Carrillo. 
Texas Asst. Atty Gen 
G erald C arru th , who prosecuted those cases. will head up the prosecu hon team against Gonza­ lez. 

2 jailed after raid on h om e 

Two San Antonio men arrested at their North­ west Side residence re­ mained jailed Saturday after Task Force officers found six pounds of m ar­ ijuana inside the house. 
Police Friday executed a warrant to search for m a riju a n a allegedly stored inside the men’s residence, officers said. 
Six ounces of metham- phetamines and a sawed off 41o-gauge shotgun were also found in the house, according to po lice reports. 
Charged 
Russell H Fine III, 2o, of 
3o19 
Green 
Acres 
Drive, was charged with illegal possession of marijuana, methamphe- tamines and a prohibitive weapon. 
Charles L. Stephans, 
25. of the same address, was charged with pus session of marijuana and methamphetamine!*. 
Fine was jailed in lieu of bonds totaling $4o,ooo and Stephans remained jailed in lieu of bonds totaling $3o.(MHI 
Lunar year 
W com m ence* 
TOKYO (AP) — Asians were celebrating the lun­ ar new year this weekend as the devastating year of the dragon gave way to the year of the unpredic­ table snake. 
The new year on the lunar calendar, known in mainland China as the spring festival and iii 
Vietnam as Tet, arrived at midnight Thursday. 
G overnm ent offices and banks in China. Bong 
Kong, Taiwan, Vietnam, 
Singapore and Malaysia were clotted for four days in official observance of the holiday The lunar new year is not recog­ nized as an official holiday in South Korea, hut many South Koreans mark the occasion with family reunions to pay respect to their ances­ tors 

 c o u p o n 
I U L O i a m n r c o u p o n c o u p o n 
< o u p o n i o i f l j f r m c o u p o n 
$ b l o { £ # * £ c o u p o n 

O u r U s u a l $ 1 .o 7 
RED HEART WINTUK 
KNITTING YARN 
Whits, block, and colors. 3% cmd 4 oz. 4 ply shouts. limit 12. 
GOOD MONDAY, H M U A 1 Y a i (E -N ) 

O u r U s u a l 6 9 4 
MEN'S SOCKS 
84 

Irregulars and first quality. Nylon. Solid colors. Sizes 1o-13. 
Limit 3. 

OOOO MONDAY, rn * U AIV l l (E -N ) 

8% 

P r e t ic k e t e d 2 p r . $ 1 . 4 9 
C O M F O R T T O P 
KNEE HIGH HOSE 
Sizes to ll. Multi- A rn rn M 

- 2 
: 6 
6 
' 

Y, n n u A i r a i (E -N ) 

N E W S P R IN G C O T T O N 
KNIT T-TOPS 

O u r U s u a l 5 9 4 
LADIES' A TEENS' PANTIES 
$1 55 
Irregulars mode to sell to $7. Sizes SJILL 
Umit 
I. 
TKXFTID 
$3... 
OOOO MONDAY, n U U A I Y a i (E -N ) 

I 
I 
I 
I 

I White end colors. 
| Briefs end bikinis. 
| Sizes S to IO. Umit 5. 42< 
I 
OOOO MONDAY, n U U A I Y a i (E -N ) 

$2 TUSSY GIFT SET o Vanilla M u sk 
Cologne 
• 3'A-oz. 
Bath Powder • 
Umit 3 

OOOO MONDAY, rCMUABY a i (E -N ) 

C O U P O N 
I a LO I CRVL C O U P O N 
J l t l B j f A l f l f C O U P O N 
J O l O j f E r C C O U P O N i OLO { £ * * £ C O U R O N t 
C O U P O N 

Coots t Clark’s 
7*' to 24” ZIPPERS 
Beg.454........................._ * . . . 2 3 4 
Reg. 5o4 .......... ~ < (S \ 
. 
2 5 4 
Beg. 7o4 . . 
.. 3 5 4 
Beg. 754 
W T 
.. 
3 8 4 
Beg. 8o4 . ^ 
T . ................... 4 o 4 

OOOO MONDAY, N U U A I Y a i (E -N ) 

O u r U s u a l $ 2 . 9 9 
MENS’ BELTS 

O u r U s u a l 1 9 4 
GIRLS' COTTON CREW SOCKS 

J U N I O R S A N D G IR L S ’ 
FASHION KNIT TOPS 

Irregulars. 
Leathers. Sizes 
28-46. Umit 2. 

I 
5 o ! 

OOOO MONDAY, M M U AIV a i (E-N) I 

Irregulars. Sizes 6 to ll. All white mer­ cerized cotton. Bib­ bed top. Umit 6. 

OOOO MONDAY, K U U A t Y SI (E -N ) 
13* 

Irregulars end se­ conds mode to sell to 
$6. Sizes LALL Umit 
I. TKXFTID $2. 

OOOO MONDAY, K U U A t Y S I (E -N ) 

O ur Usual 274 
INFANTS' 8 TODDLERS' SOCKS 
4 i 

Irregulars. White ped colors. 
Cuffs and crews. Sizes 4 to 6'/i. 
Umit 4. 

OOOO MONDAY, K U U A t Y 31 (E -N ) 
4! 

14 O L ROYAL ll SHAMPOOS 
AND CREME RINSE 
Mortal Ii«*nc« 
Dandruff Control 
Golden Rich 
Inrfchod Groan 
Croma Rim* 
Umit 2 
OOOO MONDAY. K U U A t Y a i (E -N ) 
COUPON 
C O U P O N 
J OLO J £ * * E COU PON 
$ OLO f Ck VC C O U P O N f OLO 
C O U PON > 
$ OLO $ £Mtfl£ C O U P O N 

Pre-Morked 2o4.. .Coots ond Clarks 
TRU SEW POLYESTER 
THREAD 

White, black, and colors. Size 5o. 225 yd. spooL Umit 12. 
OOOO MONDAY, K U U A t Y a i (E-N) 

O u r U s u a l 1 8 4 
MEN’S HANDKERCHIEFS 

Irregulars. White. 
Large. Polyester- 
/cotton. Limit 6. 

OOOO MONDAY, K U U A t Y 31 (E -N ) 

O u r U s u a l $ 2 . 5 9 
LADIES’ & TEENS’ SANDALS first quality. 
Black or white. 
Sizes 5 to IO. limit 2. 

OOOO MONDAY, K U U A B Y SI (E-N) 

GIRLS’ PANTS 
I 

Irregulars mode to sell to $8. Sizes 7-14. 
Umit 
$ 
I.TICKETED $3... 

O u r U s u a l 6 9 4 
INFANTS’ UNDERSHIRTS 

4 o z . W IL D M E A D O W S 
COLOGNE 
78 

OOOO MONDAY. P IU U A tY 31 (E-N) 

Irregulars. 
Cotton. 
White. »ip on and snap on. Sizes to 3o months. Umit 3. 

OOOO MONDAY. K U U A t Y 31 (E -N ) 
4! 
$2.5o Value 
Limit 2 

OOOO M O N D AY, N U U A I Y 31 (E-N) 

Dacron Double Knit Sale! 
I M 

A U L PUU BOLTS, FIRST QUALITY 
Ar Crepe Stitch Ar B alk Look Fancies Ar Ponte Stitch 
A’ Gingham Check Stitch Ar Seersucker Stitch Ar 
6 o ” , Compare to $3.95. 

OUR USUAL *1.98 YO. 
6o” Spring 
Linen Weave 
66 

Y<*- 

All full bolt* of regular to $3.95 yd. The 
IN" look for Spring 1977. 
Beautiful stub textured linen weave in an coly core polyester blend. 

OUR USUAL 7 9 ' YO. 
45” Novelty 
Woven Sportswear 

6 6 

A ll sturdy sportsw ear quality. H un­ dreds o f patterns, colors, textures, and weaves. Dressm aker lengths. 

ENTIRE STOCK! 
Luxurious Upholstery Fabric Sale! 

■ 
■ 
■ 
I 2 o % 

OFF 

 it Imported and domestic cut velvets 
Ar Solid color ond Antique Velvets 

★ M a t e la s s e and brocaded Upholstery i t H e re uio n s and tweed types 
★ M I bolts, reg- $4.95 to $19,95 
A- Many More 

2 & 3-pc. Spring Pant Suits and 

2-pc. Gaucho Sets 
$ j 175 

Irregulars mode to sell to 
Sizes 5 -1 3 and 6 -1 6 . 
TICKETED4! 5 

Jumpsuits & Pant Suits 
$q 9o 

Irregulars made to sell to $3o. 
J 
Size* 5-13 ond 6-16. 
TICKETED 413 .................... # 

Dresses, Skirt Sets, Sun Dresses 

 off 

Irregulars ond sam ples m ade to sell to $ 3 8 . Sizes 5 -1 3 , 8 -1 8 , and some 14 Vt-2 A Va. 
TICKETED s13 TO *18. 

Long Spring Dresses 

*3 off 

Irregulars and sam ples m ade to sell to $ 4 o . Sizes 5 -1 5 and 
6 -1 6 . 
TICKETED M3 TO‘ 18............ 

DRAPERY A N D SLIPCOVER FABRIC SALE 

All full bolts of values to $6 yd. Designer inspired decorator patterns and colorings. 
Blazers & Shirt Jackets 

OUR USUAL $2.441 $2.59 TD. 
54" Screen Prints..................... 

OUR USUAL $1.59.. .48" 
Luxury Antique Satin 

 yd 

- w 

OUR USUAL $1 TD. 
Printed A Solid Drapery. . . 

OUR USUAL $1.79 TD. 
45" Malimo Casement 

Men’s Famous Brand Jean Shirts 

Irregulars. O u r usual $ 5 .9 8 . Polyester/cotton in cham brays, 
$o99 quilted), rope, or b raid trim, patchw ork, and som e with fancy pocket treatments. M ostly long sleeves. S ize s S .M .l.X l. 

MEN’S FAMOUS MAKERS* 
Boot Cut Western Jeans 

Irregulars. O ur usual $ 7 .9 9 . D urable 14 oz. 1oo% cotton denims with belt loops, five functional pockets, yoke back and double seomed and tacked at stress points. Found elsew here at 
$ 1 o .9 9 . Sizes 2 8 -3 8 . 

NEW SHIPMENT! VAN HEUSEN 
Men s Dress or Sport Shirts 

Seconds. O ur usual $ 4 .9 8 . lo n g or short sleeve. 6 o % cot­ to n /4 o % polyester. Solids, w hite on w hite, stripes, neat plaids, or checks. Dress or casual collar. Sold in perfect to 
$1 6 . Sizes 14V3-17. 

Irregular* notionally advertised 

 at $23 to S38. Six* 5-IS and 
4-14. 
TICKETED MO ANO MS .. 

F A M O U S MAKERS* 
Better Shirts and Tops 
Irregular» and Wimple* notional ly artarti*ed at $15 to $22. 
Size* S M I, 
TICKITiD *7 AND '• . . . . 

IM PORTED FR O M IN DIA 
1oo% Cotton Muslin A Gauze 
Shirts and Tops 
*4 
Irregular* ond fire* quality mode to sell to $ 15 
Suet S M I 
TICKETED $ 4 ............................................. 

M A N Y WITH LABELS 
Ship ’n Shore Shirts & Tops 

N e w shipment. Irregulars of $ 1 o to $ 1 6 , Si*#* 
S .M .l. 
TICKETED 
$ 4 4 o 
'SAND*4....... 
* ii«u o 
$44° SSO35 
■ ita l* d h i t i . 
)hrM 

Fashion Pants and Skirtsl 

Pre-Washed Jeans & Gauchos 
Irregular* notionally advected at 
$15 to $24 Size* 5-15 and 6 
16 Not oil item* in all kite* ond price* 

TICKETED‘8 TO *12.................... 

Girls’ Spring and Easter 
Dresses & Jumpsuits 
- SO 
.. Xoff 
Irregular* and fir*! quality made to 
$2o Size* 4 14. name sr to sio........... 

ANO I O D O U R S 

Girls’ & Teens’ Tops & Shirts 
Irreaulor* made to sell t 9 Ag ‘ $o47 to $7 Sue* 4 14, 6 narTf° 
I 
»#/ 
§ 
14, and S M I 
$1 ANO $4., I 
o A 
“ 1 - 6 

 n arn o 
U AMD 14 

FAMOUS CALIFORNIA MAKER 
Men’s Knit Shirts 
$ 3 J9 

OUR USUAL S e n 
3 for $1o 

Pint quality. Short sleeve crowned! puEover* in soWs or stripes ti* brtlhqnt Spring cole** 1oo% soft combed cotton e* polyester /cotton. 
SM.LXL. 

MEN’S 
Dress Pant & Shirt Sets 
I rr ego lark 1oo% po>ye*ter continental wont Aly liny in kolrd color t Hardware trim ond Hare bottom*. Geometric pot tem fashion *H*rt rn ocelot#' nylon blend in kame color tone*. Pant* regular $8.98 khtrt* reguior $6 98 

Ladies’ Spring Dusters 
$4»» 

Irregulars o f values to $1 5. 
Polyastor/cotton. Pastel prints and solids. Pockets. G rip p e r fronts. Sizes S .M .l. TICKET!!) $4 . . . . 

 ant Sats and 

Crawler Sats 
*2 off I Ladies’ Spring Gowns 
IKXfTEO 
*6 TO MB 

Irregulars of vata* to 
$19.9o. Poly 
4 oete*/cotton. Orate up and ploy styles. Two piece sets for boys and girts. $»*e* 9 to 24 ond 2 to 4. 

Infants’ Diaper Sets 
Irregulars of value* to $7 9o. Polyester/cot­ ton. Pastel colors. Styles for boys ond girls 
Many styles. Size* 9 to 24 mot 

TICKETED 
> * j 5 o N 

$3 AND $4 

Irregulars o f values to $15. N ylon lo n g lengths. 
Sleep and lounge styles 
Pastel colors. Shies S .M .l. 

TICKETED $4 
TtGUTIO $4' 

97 

 s3 

Girls’ Gowns & Baby Dolls 

$ ] 69 
Irregular* of value* to $5. Polyester and nylon Sleeved** Pastel print* cmd solid* flame retardant Site* 4 to 14. 

LADIES’ AN D TEENS* SPRING S H O ! S A L I 
★ Spring Sandals & Wedges 

M o n a n m quality or v a lu k to s h 

M o n y a re yRtrttjtA# 
Import* from ftrotil, SfkQtft* cmd Italy athar* Sties 5 to IO. 
TICKETED 

•F-’S -4* * 6 " -$7 o,- $8 

★ Famous Brand Shoes 
Mosnv nm quauty of v a iu o to sis 

 i t i l K H 
I I D 

TtioT* HO TO SIS 
W m 
I V " 
1 4 

(LASK CHAM 
Sandalfoot Panty Host 

• a n ouautt . i o u a m m a n to | i 

*«ig»lan » i, Ona A l f tm 
4 
V t ft i i T i A . i a l l L . 
.a 
M m 

P A M A V L U N M i WONOfKS 
Panty and Panty Hose 

BURINGTON ONI TWEAK M f GU LABS 

M A M IO SEU TO $3.54 
Beige too#* and others with assort­ 

 e d panties. Sandalfoot A B or CD . 

Esto# lauder is Back at Solo Serve 

• Vt-O I. Swiss Performing Extract 
$5 VALUE 
• Vs -oz. Tender Matte Make-up u u u u . 
• Tender Up Tints 
B 
* 
• Soft Film Compact R ouge 
" ta 

OUR BOT SHUNG PURPM PKG 
Support Panty Hose 

OSMIUM W YAURI IO U M 
EeijRienii. suntan, etae A E C D, IE X spend#* ■ BSX nylon 

V , ' 7.JO Carm i M a ,H H . tau 4a toilatla . . t * *2 " 

A Helping ? ufo attain "fiatli fnuAr” i b 
2Y * NHwVNi .PfeSse v tew* — fWh XrXP ” W" 
J& Wk 

A Creme ot Uqu*d r4tia#-upi f l 

I 
J a a m 
— * X 
I — o ^ 1 - en- c t - ___ * - T M k 
■ t w u Avuinsieiti mw ueet n r w • • * • 

 ft Cbertee Review Caffiso 
Ceaceetratsd a 
I Spray Ceteges ....................... ......... . &/n u V '\ 

RStW la a g e r 
S w ill f*»r termini# 
Cutrqd 
*H FL OL 

Trial o f form er I school | head set [ 

We’re blooming with 14 karat gold buttercups today! 

Come see our complete selection 

 earrings with genuine rubles, emeralds. or sapphires, pair $39 95 

Diamond buttercup earrings, pair $8o 

Open a Zales account or use one of five national credit plans 

• 4oo L HOUSTON e U S L HOUSTON VAI r e 
A n i A t l w l n a P 

• WHOSO* PAM 

• NORTH STAI MAU 
. 
, 
’• KUHN KAZA 
,♦ LA (TRIA CENTI* ' 
S t o r e . unvtiSAl OTY 
Parti Ftm wit* PurdiaM Downtown 

Watch for Nm Grand Opening at oar Bm artful Haw Star* in 
Walnut Saaaro Shopping Conter, How Irow W i, Ta. 

Illustration^ e n l a r g e 

SOCIALITE’S WEALTH 

W orkshops set for aides 

The San Antonio Liter­ acy Council, Inc., will co n d u c t w o rk sh o p s to retrain new volunteers. 
Sessions will be held from 9 a m. to noon and from 7 to 9 p.m. Friday and from 9 a rn. to noon 
Saturday at the Laurel 
H eig h ts 
M eth o d ist 
Church 
The Literacy Council is a United Way agency. 

You decide on the look. 
|Then, let it go to your head. 

Frosting special 18.88. F lirt w ith the idea of going blonde! Get delicate color hig hlig hts blended to yo u r com plexion. Toner and styling included 

UnlPerm’" special 18.88. For men and w om en. Gives luxurious look of thickness, conditions w hile it curls. S ham poo, cut, styling included 
M on. Tues., W eds. only. Charge it. Perms not recom m ended for bleached hair. 
The JCPenney Styling Salon 

South Park M all 
923-5461 

»t<J77 JCPenrtny C o. Inc 

W indsor Park M all 
654-1565 

Precious little 
14K gold earrings for precious little. 
9.99 to 31.99 

 lf it's earrings you're looking for. we have them 14K gold pierced earrings rn dozens of today s styles G old or gold w ith cultured pearls, jade. cameo, tigereye. ivory, sm okey quartz topaz, opals, even diam onds 

Ball shaped earrings, 9.99 
Opal studs. 14.99 
Hoop earrings. 14.99 
Birthstone drops. 12.99 

G enuine ivory rosebud. 9.99 

Engraved 
Jade drop 
Opal drop hoops, 25.99 earrings. 14.99 earrings, 14,99 l\ 

G enuine cuitu» pearl, 9.99 nt shaped 
Heart shaped 
31 99 hoops 31 99 geom etric loops. 31,99 
JCPenney 

South Park M all 
9 2 3 -6 4 5 1 
W indsor Park M all 
6 5 4 -1 5 5 o 

Continued from Page IA checks and financial statem ents were discovered missing. 
Jon Sparling, head of the d istric t attorney’s special crimes section, said investigators have substantiated losses totaling $12o,ooo so far. 
“ It looks like she hit ‘em for about 
$2o,ooo the last week,” saidJiparling^ 
A note found by b a n k e r s in the 
Lakewood Bank & Trust night deposi­ tory Monday m orning said the gold 
Buick was in the Delta Airlines park­ ing lot at Dallas Fort Worth Airport. 
Notes 

There were other notes, all written, stra n g e ly enough, on ch e ap ta b le t paper and signed simply “ Kay.” They went to friends and her b ro th er in 
Murdock, Neb., explaining cryptically that she had deep personal and psy­ chological problems and was leaving. 
Ted and Suzanne T e rry receiv ed their note in Saturday’s mail. Kay was the legal guardian of their two small children if they Im)th died. 
“ She’s not their guardian anymore, and th a t’s o fficial,” said T e rry , a 
Braniff co-pilot. 
Terry had known Kay about nine years. His wife, about four. 
“ She w'as supposed to spend Christ­ mas with us,” said Mrs. Terry. “ She always did ... When she left, we were told she. took h er fu rs and all her jewelry, even her costum e jewelry. 
And she rem em b ere d to take some pictures of the kids. I feel sure we’ll hear from her. I looked for something around C h ristm as and then around 
Valentines Day but ... ” 

The T errys were fooled. Both said they had wondered where Ray got her money, and assumed it came from an inheritance. 
Rex and Sharon Jobe were fooled, too. 
“ She told me the money was from farm incom e,” said Mrs. Jobe, vice p re s id e n t and legal o fficer of the 
Republic of Texas Corp. “ I come from the same background. So, it was na­ tural for me to believe it.” 
Saturday, following their frie n d ’s d isappearance, the Jobes m et with mutual friends. Everyone in the group had long before exchanged house keys, so when one went on vacation, others could take in the mail and such. 
They decided to go to Kay’s to look for some clue as to what m ade their friend leave. 
“ There were several deposit slips for 
$5,ooo apiece from CCS, which is what 
Kay always called the company,” said 
Mrs. Jobe. 
Register 

A second trip produced the missing s o c ialite ’s personal check r e g is te r dating back to June 1975. 
“ There were $1o8,ooo worth of depo­ sits from CCS in her account at First 
National,” Mrs. Jobe said. 

The two women knew each other about four years. 
“ Kay had no money back then. She drove a VW. Like all of us, she wanted it ... Kay w anted to keep up. The clothes, the friends she selected ... We all live in nice houses, have nice jobs 
... I think Kay had a hard time keeping up. I think she wanted (is to like her for 
Choose your new custom draperies now. And get 25% off the labor and installation. 

Redecorating on a budget is easier than ever with this great JCPenney offer. Select handsome fabrics for custom draperies at regular price, we'll do the labor and installation at 25% savings Just call, and a 
JCPenney decorator will bring you fabric 
*y" J samples, Illustrations, and ideas. Then our 
* . expert craftsmen make your draperies to 
/ y your exact specifications. The result: handsome new window looks, plus savings on the labor and installation. 
Sat* prices effective through Saturday. 

For JCPenney custom decorating service 
Coll 654.1 SSO 
JCPenney 

South Park Moll 
• 
W indsor Park M all 

 what she had, not who she w as.” 
If the Jobes and the T erry s w ere fooled, they weren’t alone. 
K ay's n e ig h b o rs say they w ere delighted when the bright, vivacious blonde moved in next door. 

‘Class’ 

“ T his lovely, c h a rm in g y oung woman moved into our neighborhood, our lives and ou r h e a r t s , ” said a neighbor. “ She, well, she had class. 
Sometimes, she would walk with us in the evenings. But around the end of 
October, that stopped. I sort of got the feeling, don’t call me. I'll call you. I 

 never talked to her after that.” 
Her friends, and her boss, believe the house and its furnishings led ta the alleged embezzlement. That, and the need to keep pace in circles where furs, diamonds, and expensive cars are required passports. 
Kay Munch’s Buick has been repos­ sessed and sold. Her hom e, in the 
$1oo,OOO range, is in the hands of a court. CSC hopes to recoup some of its losses by selling the house and its fur­ nishings. 
No one knows where Kay, a onetime 
‘farm girl from P ratt, Kan., has gone. 
“ Whereever she is, she’s riding first c l a s s ,” said 
M rs. 
Jobe. 
STEVIE 

 performance by a male singer. 
L inda R o n s ta d t w as n am ed b est fem ale pop sin g er for her “ H asten 
Down the Wind.” 
The Starland Vocal Band won this y e a r 's G ra m m y as the best new recording act of 1976. 
Natalie Cole, last y ea r’s best new a rtis t and top R&B fem ale sin g e r, cam e back this year to win another 
Grammy for best R&B female singer of the year. 
The rock group Chicago was the big winner the in pre-telecast portion of the aw ards, w inning G ra m m ies for best pop group, best arra n g e m e n ts accom panying vocalists and best al­ bum package. 
George Benson also g rab b ed two 
Grammies in the pre-telecast portion, one for best R&B instrumental perfor­ mance for “ Them e from Good King 
Bad” and the best pop instrum ental performance for “ Breezin.” 
Boz Seaggs’ “ Lowdown” was named best R&B song. 
Ronnie Milsap was named best male country s in g e r for “ Stand- By My 
Woman M a n ” and T he A m az in g 
Rhythm Aces won a gold statuette for their” The End is Not in Sight (The 
Cowboy Tune).” 
“ Broken Lady” won Larry Gatlin a 
Grammy for best country song. Em- mylou H arris won for best country vocal perform ance by a lady for her 
"Elite Hotel.” 
For the third year in a row. Richard 
Pryor was the funniest man on vinyl, winning the hest com edy recording 
Grammy for "Bicentennial Nigger.” 
In the jazz category Count Basie won best jazz performance by a soloist for his “ Basie & Zoot.” Chick C o re a’s group was named best jazz group and best big band jazz performance went to the late Duke Ellington for “ The E l­ lington Suites.” 
Barbra S treisand’s first foray into 

 classical music was overcome by Clas­ sical standard Beverly Sills, who won a 
Grammy for best solo performance for 
“ Music of Victor Herbert.” 
GUNMAN 

Vvomen to the Harlingen motel, about 
85 miles south of Sarita and about IO miles north of the Mexican border. 
Law en fo rcem en t o fficers, m any armed with rifles, surrounded the m o­ tel. 
Dracoulis, the DEA m an, relayed m essages between the gunm an and authorities. 
Ruiz, the border guard, was hospi­ talized in stable condition. 
Mrs. Alexander's son. William Jr. of 
212 C loverleaf Ave., said he heard from his m other at 8 p.m. Saturday and all three women “ were not hurt — they are all alright. 
M rs. A lex an d er told her son the gunman took over a police car, dressed like a priest, after shooting Ruiz. 
“ The man got in the car, held a gun on them and forced Lillian Rabb to drive the car. He wanted them to drive fast and they w ouldn’t do it,” Alex­ ander said of his m other’s ordeal. 
Bargain 

 lie said his m o th er told him the gunm an then held a gun to Miss Rn- sankv’s head and ran to a nearby ve­ hicle “ and made a change." 
The bargain, Alexander continued, was Miss Rosanky’s life for the vehicle with the three passengers in it. 
Law enforcem ent sources said no ch a rg es could be filed ag a in st the gunm an until he recovers from the drug dose because a defendant in a criminal case m ust be able to under­ stand the c h arg es when he ap p ears before a magistrate. 

Learn the secrets of furniture care. 

M eet Expert 
FAYE HUSCHKE 

Staff m em ber of H om er Formby 
Furniture care specialists. 

DO YOU WANT TO REFINISH WITHOUT SANDING, STRIP- 
PING, STAINING, OR SEALING: Then attend one of our free clinics and learn how easily you can refinish and repair furniture with Formby's new one-step method of furniture refinishing. Fay Tutschke will demonstrate the easy-to-use 
Formby methods to remove water rings, yellowed layers of wax, and cigarette burns. She’ll discuss furniture refinishing and repairing, wood bleaching, brass cleaning, proper finishing for wood, dent and scratch filing, and answer your questions about the care and repair of your furniture. BRING A DRAWER 
OR EASY-TO-CARRY PIECE OF FURNITURE FOR EXPERT O N - 
THE-SPOT DIRECTIONS O N BEAUTIFUL RESTORATION. 

Attend one of these free clinics: 

MONDAY FIB. 21. 
Windsor Park M all 
I p.m. and 7 p.m . 

TUESDAY FEB. 22 . 
South Park M all 
I 2 noon and 7 p.m. 
JCPenney 

Windsor Park Mall 
6S4-1 SSO 
South Park Mall 
923.S461 

'Beautiful People meet in Acapulco 

Son Antonio EXPRESS-NEW S — Sunday February 2o 1977 
Page. I 5-A 

JEANETTE LO N G O RIA 

MIGUEL ALEMAN 

M A R Y W ELLS 
LAW RENCE 

ACAPULCO 
- 
No peanuts this trip, Mr. 
President. 
The Beautiful People 
(including the hard­ working tycoons) who travel the playgrounds of the world eat caviar in 
Acapulco. 
At least this time, they do. 
But as if to prove how down-to-earth they are, the international set also 
“ digs a barbecue.” 
I’ve written stories on planes and trains and buses and in auto­ mobiles, but never before on a yacht. That’s where 
I am this Saturday after­ noon — scribbling while rolling over the indigo waters of Acapulco Bay towards Puerto Marques 
Beach for a swim and a barbecue. 
Cool, blonde 
Mary 
(Mrs. Harding L.) Law­ rence, wife of the presi­ dent and board chairman of Braniff International, is sunning a few feet away in a sleek black one-piece swimsuit. 
Global guests 
.Jeanette (Mrs. Oeta- viano) Longoria of San 
Antonio, Mexico C it}, 
New York City and Aca­ pulco is also top side in a green swimsuit and en­ ormous straw' hat — rub­ bing on tanning lotion and talking with the 2o 

I guests from around the globe. 
Octaviano (Chito) is be­ low deck playing back- gamomon with Gerald 
Vander Kemp, director of the Versailles Museum outside Paris. We’re on a sleek cabin cruiser owned by the Longoria’s son-in-law 
Bernardo 
Tasqmel, but Bernardo and wife Jana couldn’t be here. 
Nine yachts arc mak­ ing the short cruise. 
Some 15o socialites 
(Texansamong them) and 

— B y ---------------- 
M ILD R E D 
W HITEAKER 

IX M ESVN EW S WOM EN S EDITOR 

5o members of the press are in this sparkling city of sand and sun for 
“ Three Evenings To Re­ member In Acapulco” at the invitation of Harding 
Lawrence and Miguel 
Aleman, president of the 
Mexican National Tour­ ist Council. 
Resort homes 
Joining the festivities are 12o Mexicans and 
U.S. citizens who have resort homes in Acapul­ co. 
Purpose of the trip is three-fold. First is to point up the joys of tourism in Mexico in general and Acapulco in particular — with all this sunshine and devalued pesos (22.5 per U.S. dol­ lar at the bank). 
‘‘Mexico’s hour has come,” said Lawrence at un outdoor fashion gala this morning, 
‘‘and 
Braniff wants to be part of telling the story.” 
“ Mexico has suffered greatly from reduced tourism since 1975. It is in the best interest of 
Braniff and it is the spe­ cific assignment of the 
Mexican National Tou­ rist Council to do all in the power of each to as­ sist in rebuilding tour­ ism to Mexico from the 
United States,” he said. 
Fashions 
Secondly, the press is here to see the new fa­ shions designed for 
Braniff flight attendants by Holston, who brought a contingent of top New 
York models. 
We previewed the war­ drobes in the outdoor theater of Acapulco’s un­ ique Cultural Center. 
The clothes have the 

Halston touch of classic elegance — 2o-piece war­ drobes for hostesses, for example — and all in a soft brown which Halston calls “ Braniff beige.” 
Both the men’s and women’s fashions (Bran­ iff doesn’t like to call them uniforms) have topcoats in a Halston trademark, ultrasuede. 
They are about as op­ posite from the present green and blue print fashions designed for 
Braniff by Emilio Pucci as one can imagine. The 
Pucci costumes were launched in 1965 along with the colorful exter­ iors of Braniff’s planes. 
Pucci a guest 
As a matter of fact, 
Pucci is here for the festivities. 
Mrs. Lyndon Johnson is here, too. She was scheduled to be aboard his yacht, but at the last minute was switched to another one. She is in 
Acapulco as a guest of her long-time friend, 
New York philanthropist 
Mrs. Mary Lasker. 
When Mrs. Johnson saw me at the first of 
“ The Three Evenings To 
Remember” she smiled and said, “ You never ex­ pected to see me? in a setting like this, did you?” 
Beautiful People were everywhere — outside, ingide, poolside, and the music of the Peter Du- chin Orchestra blotted out most conversations. 
Loves Mexico 
“ I love Mexico,” she added. ‘‘Lyndon and I use to come to Acapulco often." 
The evening with the 
Lawrences was held at 
Casa Saralee in the posh 
Las Brisas Hotel nestled into a mountainside. 
The second reason for the flight to Acapulco al­ 

 so includes “ An Evening 
With Halston” at Arman­ do’s Taj Mahal Restaur­ ant Press and socialites will see Halston’s sum­ mer fashions collection and undoubtedly have more caviar and all sorts of gourmet delights. 
The third memorab­ le evening will take place 
Sunday in the gardens of the Acapulco Continental 
Hotel, owned by Aleman. 
Unveiling 
At that evening Sra. 
Carmen Romano de Lo­ pez Portillo, the new first 
First Lady of Mexico, and 
Mrs. 
Alexander 
(’alder will unveil 
(’aider’s last work ‘‘A 
Salute 
To 
Mexico.” 
(’alder died last No­ vember. 
Commissioned by 
Braniff, the artist had begun work on a new exterior for the flagship of the Braniff fleet. 
Braniff will not only present this last w'ork, but announce plans for transferring it to the air­ craft. 
Starlets 
The Beautiful People at 
Friday night’s party were almost too numer­ ous to name — cosmetic queen Estee Lauder, movie starlets Deborah 
Raffin and Susan Blake­ ly, former ambassador to Denmark William 
McCormick Blair and his fashion-plate wife, Dee- da, and gorgeous Betsy 
Pickering, former New 
York model, recently divorced from a Greek shipping tycoon. 
There were many 
Dallasites, not to men­ tion handsome Baron 
Beportanova of Houston and Rome. 
Henry and Nancy Kis- singor are here on vaca­ tion. They are schedul­ ed to be at Sunday night’s party. 

AEROSMITH 
COLUMBIA 

ALBUMS 3.99 
TAPES 4.99 

CAR WASH 
MCA 

ALBUMS 5.33 
TAPES 5.66 

 paul McCartneys WINGS 

CAPITOL 
ALBUMS 8.97 
TAPES 1o.97 

JEFFERSON AIRPLANE 

GRUNT 
ALBUMS 7.66 
TAPES 8.66 

BARBRA STREISAND 
C OLU M B IA 
ALBUMS 5.66 
TAPES 6.66 

NEIL DIAMOND 
COLUMBIA 
ALBUMS 8.33 
TAPES 8.66 

DAVID BOWIE 

RCA 
ALBUMS 5.33 
TAPES 5.66 

PINK FLOYD 
COLUMBIA 

ALBUMS 5.33 
TAPES 5.66 

ELECTRIC LIGHT o r c h e s t r a 

UNITED ARTIST 
ALBUMS 3.99 
TAPES 4.99 
BOSTON 
EPIC 
ALBUMS 3.99 
TAPES 4.99 

Albums 2.97 
Tapes 3.97 

B,.: SM**' 
Monte*1' 

---------1— a 
.i i i , ,,r 
75* 
MANHATTANS fcjjfjji 
SSP mmm* 
Vow* Tio,< ** 
« 
Th*# ,«*>«! 

Sale prices effective through W ednesday 

Soft comfort 

2 for 5.88 standard 
2 for 6.88 King size 

Polyester foam pillow with cotton ticking. 

The JCPenney towel 

$5 Bath towel 
3.5o hand towel 
1.5o w ash cloth 

Absorbent combed cotton on the out side and cotton/ polyester on the inside. 

I t u l h t a l k M all 
923-5461 
JCPenney 
W indier Park Mall 
654-155o 
JCPenney 

• McCrele&s • Northwest • South Park • Windsor Park •Terrell Plaza• Downtown 

San Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS;— Sunday February 2o 1977 
Flo urges students to figh t fo r ideas 

By LIZ SWEET ta b lis h m e n t, Flo Ken- to co lleg e s tu d e n ts nedy, black activist and participating in the Na- 
College students need to founder of the Fem inist tional Entertainm ent and develop a g rea te r sense 
Party, said Saturday. 
Campus Activities Assn. of contem pt for the es- 
In San Antonio to speak 
National Convention, the 
•IWimGTONG^ 
• BTBTOTtfiV 
A l J v u U m m 
* 
Q w n s s / r 
FILETMIGNON 

(bacon w rapped) $2.99 

Ours is worthy of its nam«. 

It * the king of steaks. A generous cut of luscious filet mignon wrapped in bacon Ply* potato and S iltie r toast 
All at a bargain price You w on t believe how go o d it i i until yo u 've tried it. 

• 4*2o Ireedwey a 14o1 CW Military Or 
• ireetfwoy at loos 41o 

• Hwy. 9o at Military Dr. 
• Vance lock u n et Um p 41o 
SUN -THINS. 11 
M i ft SAT. ll 4 

 attorney said m ost s tu ­ dents are blissfully ig­ norant of what is really going on in the country. 
Sprinkling her speech with fo u r-le ttei w ords and b ra n d is h in g b u r ­ gundy p ain ted f in g e r ­ nails, the til-year-old Ms. 
Kennedy said stu d e n ts must he kept abreast of what is happening. 
“ Students need to read something other than the pig p r e s s , ” she sa id . 
“They need to read leftist and socialist papers and feminists magazines.” 
Although she said the relev an t issues seldom reach the su rfa ce , she stressed there is no ex­ cuse for ignorance beyond a certain point. 
In her lecture tours to c a m p u s e s all o v er the 
United States, she said she urges students to become aw are of where their money is going: 

Fight back 

C iting th e 
$75o,ooo sp e n t at S o u th w e ste rn 
Louisiana University at 
L aFayette for a com pu­ terized scoreboard as an exam ple, Ms. Kennedy said an atrocity exists on every college campus. 
“ Students have got to fight back. It is not en­ ough to say we don’t ap­ prove of something,” she said. 
How many$2 books can place 
7o,ooo great buys within arm’s reach? 
And then give you a s2 certificate towards your first order? 

This one can. 

«* 

The JCPenney Spring and Summer 
Catalog, 1,188 pages jam packed with practically everything you could ask for, all in one place Kids' clothes Mens and 
Women s fashions Things for your homo and car Just name it, you ll probably find it here 

But why the $2 charge'’ Catalogs are costing more to produce all the time and this is one way of having catalogs available for customers who really want one Like you. 

And, with your catalog, you'll receive a certificate redeemable for $2 on any catalog order you place before February 
1. 1978 lf you d rather, you can borrow one of our library copies, free, for two weeks Either way. the new JCPenney 
Spring and Summer Catalog makes great reading. 

J C P e n n e y 
Catalog Center 

South Park M all 
924-4893 
McCreless Plaza 
532-5241 
Northwest Center 
736-2221 

Windsor Park M all 
654-157o 
Terrell Plaza 
828-6271 
Downtown 
222-o361 

Jorgenson says sex norms have improved 

FLO KENNEDY 
Poison perils water sources 

ASSO CIATED PRESS 

Changing c u rre n ts in the Ohio River pushed a 
7o-ton floating slug of the dangerous chemical ca r­ bon te tra c h lo rid e p ast 
Cincinnati on Saturday, but it left behind a r e ­ sidue which could still c o n ta m in a te d rin k in g water.. 
People in at least four r u e r c o m m u n itie s u p ­ stream from Cincinnati had been warned to boil th e ir d rin k in g w a te r after the chemical pollu­ ta n t was d isco v ered 
Friday. 
Initially, the floating ch e m ic a l — w hich is used in dry cleaning and has been known to cause cancer in laboratory an­ imals — was not expect­ ed to reach Cincinnati for several days. 
Miscalculated 
But 
E n v iro n m e n ta l 
P ro te ctio n Agency of­ ficials said late Saturday they had m iscalculated the speed with which the m a ss w as m oving. By then, it was already past 
C in cin n ati and headed for Louisville, Ky. 
EPA officials said up to 
IOO m ile s of tte Ohio 
River was affected when the chemical entered the big riv e r from a W est 
V irginia trib u ta ry , the 
Kanawha River. 
The source of the dis­ charge has been traced to an industrial area on the 
Kanawha in South Char­ leston. VV.Va., but the com pany involved w as not pinpointed. 
“ We ju s t d o n ’t have enough evidence to point the fin g er at any one com p an y ,” said J a m e s 
Manwaring, district EPA director at Philadelphia, 
Pa. 
However, Alvin M or­ ris, a deputy adm inistra­ tor with the E PA in 
Philadelphia, said “ the focus of our in v e s tig a ­ tio n ” is on th e FMC 
C orp., one of four companies with perm its to discharge prescribed amounts of the chemical. 
Croup claims blasts 

NEW YORK (A P ) - 
Explosions that damaged two 
M an h attan sk y ­ scrapers coincided with a grand jury investigation into a Puerto Rican na­ tionalist group that had claim e d re sp o n sib ility for 31 b o m b in g s since 
1974. 
The group, know n as 
FALN, also took credit for the blasts that tore through the lower floors of the Gulf &i W estern and C hrysler buildings shortly before 12:o1 a m. 
Saturday. Two p a s se rs­ by were hurt 
A written communique bearing the letterhead of 
FALN, which stands fur- 
F u e rz a s A rm a d a s de 
L iberacion 
N acional 
Puertoriquena, said the blast was to “ further the cause of independee ” 
The letter also called for halting “ the illegal use of the grand ju r y " and freein g se v e ra l 
Puerto Rican nationalists now in prison 
The New York bo m b ­ ings were similar to two that occurred 22 hours earlier in Chicago’s Loop area, police said 
A federal grund jury has been in v estig atin g the FALN and a 1975 bom b explosion th at claimed four lives at the 
2Uo year-old F ra u n c e s 
Tavern in the Wall Street a re a of 
M a n h a ttan . 
FALN claim ed re s p o n ­ sibility for the blast, but th e re have been no a r ­ rests. 

By SARA MARTINEZ 
There is no such thing as a IOO per cent male or a IOO p er cent fem ale, w orld-fam ous tra n s s e x ­ ual Christine Jorgenson said Saturday. 
“ We all have both male, and fem ale horm ones.” she said. “ It is a question of degrees. Who is going to say so m a n y m a le hormones make a m an ?” 
Miss Jorgenson was in 
San Antonio to attend the 
National E ntertain m en t and C am p u s A ctivities 
Assn. national conven­ tion at the Convention 
Center. 
“ I knew I was different all my life. Not until I was m atu re did I know w h y ,” she sa id . M iss' 
Jo rg en so n shocked the world in 1952 when the story of her sex change operations in D enm ark became known. 
“ Once I found out the sex change was possible, 
I went at it g u n g -h o ,” 

CHRISTINE 
JORGENSON 

Miss Jorgenson said. She underwent six operations before the ch an g e was completed. 
“ E v ery o n e h as an id e n tity c r is is s o m e ­ where along the way. It may not concern sexuali­ ty. It m ay be human. 
“ You have to decide who you are as a person and in an overpopulated e a rth it is b ec o m in g harder and harder. 
“ And people are im pa­ tient. They w ant social changes to happen y es­ terday. And if you are a victim of social pressure, you want it to change.” 
Change 

M iss J o rg e n so n said n o rm s had ch a n g ed drastically over the last 
IO years. “ And fortuna­ tely, p a re n ts ’ attitu d e s have too.” 
“ But it took hundreds of years to get to the last 
IO,” she said. 
“ It was pretty hard for papa to watch the football gam e and see Joe Blow, his favorite star, adm it he was homosexual. 
“ A father will accept a masculized daughter ea­ sier than a feminized son because it is a reflection of his masculinity.’’ 
Som e w om en have 
“ m is g u id e d fe e lin g s ” and expect a macho man. 
M iss J o rg e n s o n said. 
“ B ut th e se fem m e fata les should be very dull. 
“ T h e re is n o th in g w rong w ith b ein g a m other and a housewife if that is what a woman wants,” she said. “ But if society dictates this, it is 

 wrong.” 
Women and young girls should be told they can do w hatever they want, she said. "That is what is im portant.” 
M iss J o rg e n so n said some people were forced to repress what they dis­ covered after the identity crisis was over. 
“ Many people have felt it necessary to hide their 

 hom osexuality because they feel th reaten ed — they may lose their job or the re s p e c t of loved ones.” she said. 
“ With tim e, however, doors will he opened. We are program m ed by gen­ etics as to who we are. 
“ And people lack so­ m e th in g if th ey d o n ’t have resp e ct for w here 
‘they come from .” 

O PE N A l l DAY F R I.-S A T .-S U N . T i l l 6 P .M . 
S 

Att R M rd m d h t m at! be paid fa r in advance or (ra d ii 
[ > arrangements mad# p rio r to hnta tta tio n . 
N 
HURRY OPEN ALL DAY SUNDAY 
N 

A 

Tower lights lo note event! 

AUSTIN (AF) - The top of the 
University of Texas tower, which is lighted orange on nights following major athletic victories, will shine in honor of a more cerebral celebration Wednesday. 

T he four m illio n th volume will be added to the school’s library, by fa r the la rg e s t in the 
Southwest. The book is an 1828 first edition of 
W e b s te r’s D ictio n ary , which will be presented to UT President Lorene 
Rogers at 2:3o p.m. 

ANTIQUE AUCTION 
435 Isom Rd., Suite 22o, San Antonio 
Sunday, Feb. 2o start 1:oo P.M. 
Monday, Feb. 21 start 7:oo P.M. 

Fontostk 3 tram York Minister Chiming SKELETON CLOCK Extremely important ornately carved CHINESE TEAKWOOD 
------------- 
- - ^ 
-------------------1 (on top Desk 

 from a Gypsy < n genuine red I 
X ny Dumb Wi rv Gateleg 
Mink Cabinet Wail ft Mantel Clocks. Towel lo ih. China Cabinets. Iro n Beds. Drawleaf ft Dropleof Tables. Dressing 

 immq SKEEL I un E lum Extremely important ornately 
TABLE. eduction of fine Bokhara ORIENTAL RUGS. Chippendale style oval GAME TABLE Roll top Darks. Maho on. ic Large any Dumb Waiter. Upright 

I Tobies. Inlaid 

>f fine Bokhara ORIENTAL RUGS. Chippendale style oval GAME TABLE Roll top 
Ship s Wash stand 7oo PIECES OE STAINED-GLASS WINDOWS ft DOORS 4 Mirrored Doors from a Gyp-., Caravan. of 3 lacquered tidies Two custom mode french Victorian style Arm Choirs upholstered in genuine red leather. I 
Umbrella Stand. Jacobean style Wardrobe. Etagere. Fine Bentwood Rocking Chairs. Mob 
Piono. Pump Orgon. Sutherland Table. Pembroke ‘ ‘ 1 
* 
Sutherland Table 
Table. Carved Oriental tables. Tea Tro 

ToWes. Papier Mathe Table Chests of Drawers. Mahogany Breakfront Bookcase. Butler s Table. Filing Cabinets. Large assortment of brassemre Pair fabulous large Chinese porcelain vases Screens. Trunks. Book Rocks. Carved oak Hall 
Tabla TIM. Sofa Table Dinnerware sets Wash boid ft pitcher sets. Coal Boxes. Folding Table. Hospital Bad. Wardrobes. 
Sideboards. Haft Trees Set of 4 carved ribbon-bock mahogany bod ft daw ft. Chairs Sots of Queen Anne style Chairs 
Revolving Bookcase. Grandmother Chime Clock. Cake Stands. Curio Cobmats Pub Mirrors. Pubstools. Overmantels 

Satsuma Vases Overmantels. Minton China Tea Set Carved Chinese Chest. Satinwood Chest of Doors. Carnival Glass 
Bible Assarted Jewelry HUNDREDS OF OTHER CHOICE ARTICLES Open IO OO A M Sundoy ft 5 OO P M. Monday 

Carroll Eagle Auctioneer, license No. IxGS-77-oo66 

PEYTON-LAGLE AUCTION GALLERY 

□ ( M 
O 
O 
T S 
25oo BROADWAY 
1218 S.W. MILITARY 
SPECIAL PURCHASE SALE 

X c Z c O 
F D S l 
C O M P L E T E ST E R E O S Y S T E M 
AM/FM STEREO RADIO, 8 TRACK TAPE 

PLUS STEREO RECORD CHANGER 

■ lighted did Kola and EM stereo indicator 
■ Pushbuttons far pawer and AK 
■ Rotary controls for volume, balance, bass, treble 
• B-treck player with auto ar manual program twitching 
■ Two 5” fwd range bess reflex speaker systems 

Receiver - I S V ’W .ill W D .xH 13/14'H. 

* Speakers— IS Vt " H i lo W W .x 4 Vt "D. 
• M im e BSI record changer • Nays 3 speeds (33, 
45, 71). lacking tone-arm, Flip-over stylus • Patch cards ead smoked acryl* dost caver • Dimensions: 
15VVW.i7V» ”11x14 W D . 

Sugg. Ratal! 
$195.oo 

Murry -Quantities 
ARE LIMITED 

SONY NO LAYAWAY! $99 99 

Blz,Z/Or2>s. 

DELUXE COMPUTE STEREO SYSTEM 
WITH STRACK AND ROUT-IN RICORD CHANGER 
A i t •" i ML JHA e f M n n re c a iu e r mWRIi U n A In ri ilfcsat ar ttLk 
Ainoi filia l I ft# 
PZN/ f 
WWWW '•MBfwWI WHR 
PW** MPiPg 1WRW pwwffdf 

/pIppmi 
Imm$ ann! treW# 1% for 4-th ongs! effects. A K fo r d rift bree NA mMMm ^ 
— 
I 
*1 
I I., ,JL — 
*—- - Ibm wlmwAe Meitii GwAfaui MAAtMMI AAL* p-TTacz w P f t pvyVT w fm n y ftv f p rv fifN i rn* 
Ateeter* FuA-sue BSI record th en gar w ith cav centro! end d r ­ ownd styles. 8-track storage tra y aad foR-sixe d e ft caver. 
AcevtMeetly matd w d speak ers Jacks ta r 4 -tp eahert, evxdtary o v ip d i aad m p d *. aad s M jt w a ^ h e e w . w a le d vinyl-on-wood i ahura try 
17'zi " H i 11 m f J A Vs ” 8. 
.mf.iU'/sm.xtvk'ii 

Sugg.Retail 
$249.95 

18o-oo1 
$129 

AM/FM CLOCK RADIO 
WHILE THEY LAST 
I m 
/ AN SOUD ST ATI MMM! AL CUKA RAMO feehiee-styted hwTijwofsi ere!. WhImi Is tic Bf sAmhm (§£ BhMrfSMtSdl asst* typo peeler®!I flip e$ef ipretty* eierm lyftSM, wifli AM qed PM w o rkings ten h e r a l d IR m in d s m tervde Ixdvetve 

 n — ^ 
P-l— 
^ R f ^ 
I 
TypM T W M I NM P w ™ WmRNBwTZM t W 
M i ! 
Bp WPedl Melee!*®1®!!! pp4m Ip4 ieee 
IVkxlOVkxSH". ftDV, AR Mi 

Sugg. Ref. 
$38.5o *19” 
176-o14 
R-65o 

Slight trregs. Poly/cotton . JjL- and poly/acetate at VB 
1oo% paiyeieter. Solid cal- 9 are and fem*** 14H-16W. 

*• * *6 .9 » N erlhsM s O ely s.'. - -.2;UMI' 
. 
> >4 
LADIES' ^ 
WINTER ROBES 
Lonfl or short stylos in a variety* of nigh shades or fashion prints. Most all sizes bot not in each style. 

Were Ticketed $6.99 to $11.99 

U t Q uality Fashion d oubt*I w ear usa a* sport or drat* s h i r t * , t o n g s l o o v # 

. S s r w n S B ^ 

 yloO/lndigo ike, w hite ar 
3*2o. Ticketed 
$ 
4.$6.$8 
NORTHSIOE ONLY 

MIN'S DRESS SUCKS 

-/rayon blend. 
I. Beige, steel 
All 1st Quality latest fall fash­ ion. now reduced for clearance. 
M any styles, color*, pattern* to choose from. Sites s-m-l. Were 
Ticketed $9.95 
LADIES' DRESSES 
IST QUALITY 
Spec tai Group of todies' full dresses reduced for clearance. AH sizes, styles, fashions and colors. 
Were Reg. $9.95. 
- 
- 
_ 
A 
. 

Use la Feria la sy Credit 
CT 
BO YS' 
^ y 
LONG SIE C V I 
LEISURE . 
SHIRTS A 

 n n c c c c c 
D R E S S E a 

1 o o % c o t t o n d e n i m , b r u s h e d d e n i m o r p o l y / c o t t o n p e r m a n e n t press. Popular solid colors. 
Sizes 7 to 14. 
Were Ticketed $9.9S 

.— ja 
S p e c i a l G r a v e 
I— V Poly/cotton blend. 
. — ; 
C i r fashion print*. Size* d b 
I S 
4 to 12, Valves to 
$4.99 
W 
Sq 
(Downtown only) 
J9 m JZ 

Infant*’ & Toddlers' 
& PANT HTS A JUMPSUITS 

Poly/cotton end 1oo% poly* A 
•suw. Value* to $3 44 Silos 
S R I \ J 
12-24 mot. A 2*4. w M 
Were Ticketed 13.99 
P l 

65% acetate, 35% ny­ lon. Colorful assortment of ico nic and photoj 
.prints. Silos 4 to 18 
J 

D A V Y CROCKETT’S direct descendant, 
Tom Crockett D avidson, left, w atches illusionist H a rry B la ck sto n e Jr. p ro ­ duce a ’coonskin cap 
STAFF PHOTO BY STEVE CAMPBEII 

 b*as Grates',(j£W£|£r<$ 

4 CONVENIENT 
LOCATIONS 
DOWNTOWN 
SOUTH FARK MAU 
WON Of KANO 
SHOWE* CITY MAU 

By SARA MARTINEZ 

Harry Blackstone Jr. did not use abracadabra, presto or any other ma­ gic words Saturday, but he made Davy Crockett’s direct descendant appear in front of the Alamo Sa­ turday. 
Blackstone, America’s foremost illusionist, conjured up Crockett’s great, great, great, great grandson. Tom Crockett 
Davidson, behind a Texas flag. 
“ This is the first time I have been to the Alamo,” 
Davidson said. ‘‘I am very happy to be here but there is something that bothers me.” 

Coward 
“ A recent story said my ancestor ran off like a coward. That is not true. 
He died over there beside that cannon at the 
Alamo,” Davidson said. 
“ I have heard the 
‘coward’ bit and also that he was captured and then executed,” 
Davidson said. “ But I heard he was captured because he was being cowardly.” 
“ I don’t think anybody could have gotten out of there (the Alamo) alive,” he said. 
The story that Crockett 
Federal roads wearing down 

WASHINGTON (AP) 
— America’s federal highways are wearing out faster than they are being repaired, in part 
| because federal over­ seers have not enforced rules which require states to fix the roads, the General Accounting 
OFFICE CHARGES. 
The GAO, the account­ ing branch of Congress, also said the problem might become worse because heavier trucks are being allowed on the roads and because funds for repair are becoming less available. 
The GAO urged the 
Federal Highway Ad­ ministration to get tough with state officials re­ sponsible for road maintenance. 
Report 
The GAO s comments were in a report last week to Transportation 
Secretary Brock Adams. 
‘‘Segments of the in­ terstate highway system appear to have been in­ adequately maintained, and the highways are now deteriorating 5o per center faster than they are being replaced,” the report said. 
It said the Highway 
Administration, which is part of the Transportal 
Department, has been lax in setting mainte­ nance guidelines and in penalizing states that do not repair the roads. It urged the agency tomake a ‘‘substantial effort” to correct this. 
The GAO report noted the United States has 3.8 million miles of high­ ways, of which 929,ooo miles are on federal-aid 

 and six others were exe­ cuted after they had been captured by Santa Anna’s forces surfaced in San 
Antonian 
Carmen 
Pe rry’s book, ‘‘With 

Santa Anna in Texas.” 
The book is a tranlastion of Lt. Col. 
Jose Enrique de la Pen­ a’s diary. 
Although the idea of 

Crockett surrendering or running off is not men­ tioned in Miss Perry’s book, her account blew a hole in the popular le­ gend that he died fight­ 

 ing at the Alamo. 
Blackstone and David­ son are in San Antonio attending the National 
Entertainment and Cam­ pus Activities Assn. con­ 

 vention at the Convention began a solo career in 
Center. 
Blackstone is the son of 
“ The Great Blackstone" and worked with him from 1941 until 1948. Ho 

1952 
Davidson is the assis­ tant dean of students at 
Francis Marion College in South Carolina. 

KORTHSIDE • 7325 San Pedro 
OPEN EV IN IN G S TIL 9 P M . 
SOUTHSIDE • 423 S.W. Military 
OPEN M O N., THURS. 6 FRI. TIL 8 P.M. 
MARKET SQUARE 
• 4o6 W. Commerce 
SH O P SAT. 9:3o A M . TIL 6 P.M . 

THURS. 1o:oo A M 
Tit 7 3o P M 

BankAmebicaro 

 ft *ky 
U im , khaki Mitt 

* * ‘ W r t fc s k b t o ly ) 
BOYS' 1oo% POLYESTER 
DOUBLE KNIT DRESS SLACKS 
Assorted solid color*. C 
A 
T 
Y 
Ticketed $4.99, Sixes * ^ 
* * 
4 to 7. 

M e n 's 
BASSo STYLED BOOTS 
Podded collar and appar soft innersole light wasght I V A. sale a* illustrated 
Ticketed $1o.99. Silo* 6-11, new 

C h ild ren 's 
WAVY SOLE SHOE 
W allaby esferd in leather-like material. 

Sizes 
816-3 
Sizes 
5 VS -S 

111FABULOSA” - 
WOVEN BEDSPREADS 

I S T EHI A U T Y 
Cotton/rayon Mend. Extra heavy and colorful woven po Item* Pull sizes. 

IM n M SILM 
M A 6 6 

Meats 

BATH TOWEL 
ENSEMBLES 
Better Quality 1oo% cotton terry. Snow flake design. 
BATH TOWEL 

*•9 
$ % SY 
$2.39 ... 
I 
GUEST TOWEL 
Reg m m 
$1.29 ... # 
# 
W A SH TOWEL 
* 
7? 
4 7 

 limit 6 Please 
EXTRA SPECIAL SAVINGS WITH THIS! SUPER VALUE COUPONS 
EthanAllen 

LA FERIA COUPON 
LA URIA COUPON 
Winter Sale 
Last 9 Days 
Save to 2o% 

Last few days to save on an ex­ citing selection of beautiful Ethan 
Allen Furnishings. The Selections offered this Winter Sale may not be available at Sale Prices Again 
For 
Several 
Years. 
Remember 
W e’re open Every Weekday til 
9ioo p.m. 

Ask for our new 1977 Treasury of decorating ideas. A $7.5o value that's vours free when you visit us. 

Come on over to Our House 
BROWSING I SPM Sonde,* 
(jEORQETXWfl MA/VoF( 

O ffN MON FRI. IO A M 9 F.M SAT. IO A M. 6 P M 
9 K W lO Oe 41o AT V A PdCt J A C K S O N 
341 BIOS 

Bath Size 
WOODBURY SOAP pink, green, lemon limit 6 
^ 
Please 
^ bon59 
< 

I Deodorant j beauty bar 
I 
I 
I 

New Super Size 
ZEST SOAP 

 lim it 
4 2for67 

LA FERIA COUPON 
LADIES' SHEER i 
I ANKLE M's STOCKINGS! 
I 

LA TERIA COUPON 
Our Reg 49 

Coupons Good Monday, Feb. 21 j 
Coupon* Geed Monday, Ms. 21 

I Ctwhrt tee*. *•*♦«- 
I lee shed** (*e*d in 
I pk« *4 4) (UM* I l f 
, 
J 
Mem*) eke et 

Coupons Good Monday, Fob. 21 
88 t 

 llll 

I pend rslsn, I n 1- 
I 
14 
I Urn*! 4 

LA FERIA COUPON 

GINIS' llIii HI SOCH 

(M d im pkg. of 3) 
1oo% Nylon ex­ t o r t e d color *, 
(Until 6 plea*#} 

LA TERM COUPON 

LA FERIA COUPON 
BOYS’ TEE SHIRTS 
4 BRIEFS 
F$ l 

I o o % c o t t o n knit. Sizes 4-14. 
(told in pkg. of 
2 ) . R e g . 79* 
(limit 6 please) 
Coupons Good Monday, Feb. 21 
IIM 

LA URIA COUPON 
M an's WHIT! 
MAMDMEHCH1IFS 

J Our Rag. 6 for 
$1. 1oo% cot 
I ten (limit o 
I please) 

I 
8*1 

I 

I tjtyw ) 
9(wy# 
_ 
Coupons Geed Monday, Fob. 21 

LA FERIA COUPON 
■ MIN S NOVELTY 
PRINTED TEE SHIRTS 

J A sse rte d relets e n d 
I prints Many tsp t* dele 
I p rin ts in c lu d in g C t 
* A N O R O C K F R IN T ! 
I Ticketed $1 47. (limit 497 
Coupone Geed Monday, Reb. l l 
J p4#a<!oupont Good Monday, Fob 21 

LA FERIA COUPON 

Ticketed $1.29-L A C E 
CURTAIN PANELS 

Values to $2.69 white and assorted colors. 63 to 81 lengths (Limit 6 please) 
Coupons Good Monday, Fob- 21 

LA FERIA COUPON 
LA TER1A COUPON 
I Al*' ZAIS ms ava K A tM kesu A I 

C H A U T B lH R f B rf! B B I I I T R 
P r v i i s l l t l J U f r o n i 

 to $ 1.99 M g f 
Jk I 
. (lf fuU belts) W ar. 
M e C I hr-"Boil mf "wa 
* fiP* m 
I 

Unbleached COHON 
DOMESTICS MANTA 

 lengths te n e t 
J K L abelite. OSM w 

Coupons Geed Monday, Fob. 21 

LA FERIA COUPON 
Plastic Drapes OR 
KITCHEN CURTAINS 
Textured solid or 
J R 
* print*. Ticketed 
# 
SI OO (limit 6, 1 
K 
( 1 
▼ p I e a » e ) ^ ^ 
9 ^ ^ 
9 
(Downtown only) w l r r 
Coupons Good Monday, Fob. 21 

LA FERIA COUPON 
LACE TRIMMING 

Ticketed to 19* 
Ticketed 29 te 39 

LA FERIA COUPON 

Com pare a# 49 — Famous Milt 

WASH TOWELS i 

I 13” s1 2 " size 
. assorted solid colors (limit 6, 
J pleas#) 

 j 
Coupon* Geed Monday, Feb. 21 

LA FERIA COUPON 

Spacial group 
FABRIC REMNANTS 
3 ii 
S P yds. for |i 

I V elvet te S t 69 
I t i 
(N fyM W its) 
, tis 5-yd. length. 
I (Lim it I S yes,, 
. »,i.u*.i new Tick- 
I e n d 49v 
__ f Aiitw *n4 FeAArl M n n d n u l e k 71 

Son Antonio E X P R E S S - N E W S — Sun d ay February 2o 1977 
Pag e 17-A 
Crockett appears at Alamo 

Dual Fuel Notes 

 seeking clues in killing 

Police continued the investigation Saturday of a stabbing that claimed the life of a 27-year-old 
San Antonio man. 
Ruben R. Villegas of 
215 Hortencia Ave. was found stabbed outside a bar on C ulebra Road shortly after midnight. 
, 
The victim received a| stab wound to the upper, left chest and was dead on arrival at 12.5o a.m.! 
Saturday at the Green} 
Hospital. 
Officers said the \ ietim . and another man were inside the 
Bozo 
Seco 
Lounge, 2638 Culebra 
Road, when the man got I in an arg u m en t with} three other men. 
The victim w as' stabbed outside the bar} after three men repor­ tedly attacked the victim , and his friend, police said. 
The officer said the v ic tim ’s com panion. 
Erasmo Flores, 24, of 547 
Hailey Ave., was struck on the head with a blunt object but was not hospi­ talised 

Center lo aid iii tax filing 

The Kila Austin Com­ munity Center will pro­ vide income tax assis­ tance from ti to 8 p.m. 
Tuesday and Thursdays al the center. 

I'lie sen ice is geared i to meet the needs of) taxpayers in the com-j mutiny who are handi­ capped, elderly, low-in- come or those persons] who cannot come to the 
Internal Revenue Service! for help. 

The service is free. 

Men’s Shoes 

JO H N S T O N & M URPHY 

 reg. 52.5o to 72.5o now 
2 9 .9 o to 5 4 .9 o 

ENTIRE STOCK NOT INCLUDED 

IM PORTED B O O T S 

 reg. 55.oo now 
2 9 .9 o 

BROKEN SIZES 

Ask for OEFIRREO PAYMENT in February 

F RANK B R O S 

On Alam o Plaza— -Control Park M all 

W indsor Park M all 

San Antonio EXPRESS-NEW S— Sunday February 2o 1977 
D efense fight begins 

W A SH IN G T O N POST SERVICE 
WASHINGTON - Pre­ sident Carter will ask 
Congress on Tuesday to cut the Pentagon budget he inherited from Presi­ dent Ford by about $2.7 billion — an action that will open this year’s de­ bate on how much is en­ ough for defense. 
The cuts, if approved by Congress, would re­ duce military spending in fiscal year 1978, which began last Oct. I, by only about $5oo million be­ cause m ost of the m ilitary pro g ram s 
Carter wants to cut would have been financed over several years. 
Defense officials con­ firmed Saturday that this first whack at F o rd ’s 
Pentagon budget, which called for $123.1 billion in total authority to obligate money and $11o.1 billion in spending, is only the beginning. 
Later this year, they said, Defense Secretary 
Harold Brown will pro­ pose to Congress a much bigger package of cuts, 

 calling for closing some m ilitary bases and schools, cutting the Pen­ tagon payroll, reducing m ilitary moving ex­ penses by keeping fa­ milies at one base longer and overhauling the re­ tirement system for mi­ litary personnel. 
Brown has decided it is necessary to walk through the political m inefield of protests because manpower costs have gotten out of hand, sources said. 
Already manpower and related costs eat up about 
58 per cent of the Penta­ gon’s total budget, with retirement pay for mili­ tary personnel running $9 billion for fiscal year 1978 alone. 
Brown’s strategy will be to put all the possible savings together in one m ulti-billion package and argue before Con­ g ress that the nation would be stronger mili­ tarily by investing that money in weaponry. 
Defense official said 
Saturday they have not 

 determined yet how big the manpower overhaul package will be or when they will present it to 
Congress. But Brown de­ finitely will make the fight in his first year as secretary, they said. 
One idea is to present the package to Congress this year but try to implement the reforms in the fiscal year 1979 
Pentagon budget. This would mean voting on the reforms in 1978 as the lawm akers review the first budget Carter will write from scratch. 
Even if the manpower changes are im plem ented, Defense officials said 
Brown holds no hope for lower 
Pentagon budgets in the future. 
Any savings would sim ply go into paying for new weapons, most of which are al­ ready on order. , 

 intends to save that much through better manage­ ment, which will not ne­ cessarily show up as a n£t reduction in the total 
Pentagon budget. 
All the m ilitary se r­ vices, and several con­ tractors, will get nicked if Congress approves the cuts Carter has decided upon within the Pentagon budget. 
The Army would lose the non-nuclear version of its Lance battlefield missile on grounds it is ineffective against mov­ ing ta rg e ts and not 

 powerful enough for for­ tified positions. 
The Navy would lose its nuclear powered strike cruiser; some 
A-7 fighter-bombers, and end up with an austere ver­ sion of its experimental surface effects ship — a craft that skims over the water on a bubble of air produced by giant fans. 
The Air Force would be able to buy fewer B-l bom bers between now and when Carter’s go or no-go decision on pro­ ducing a fleet of them is made. 

D uring the election cam paign C arter pro­ mised to reduce the Pen­ tagon budget by $5 billion to $7 billion. Defense of- ficials are now saying he 

How does he spell relief? 

S - W - A - M - P 
G -A -S 
D ow ntow n Store 
O nly 

Nose 
Dive! 

Nobody was hurt. Auth­ orities’ best guess was that one of the airplane’s wheels locked. There ap­ parently wasn't any truth to the rumor that a boastful pilot was trying to show some friends how his craft could stop on a dime. 

 of the N ew s 

A LA N D IN G Y O U W O N ’T FIND in any aviation manual must've thrilled nervous bystanders at Honolulu International Air­ port. 

Two D ays. Special Hours 

M on. Feb. 21 & Tues. Feb. 22 

8 a.m . to 8 p.m. 

M en’s quality apparel at prices you can’t afford to miss. 
All from regular stock. Come early for best selection. 
Special Groups 
Famous M ake reg. I 7 5 .o o to 2 9 5 .o o now 

Suits 

7 9 .9 o to 1 9 9 .9 o 

N o charge for length alterations. 
Slight charge for other altering. 

Leisure Suits values to 135.oo now only 2 4 .9 o 

Sport Shirts 
Knit and W oven 
Long or Short Sleeves values to 2 5 .o o just 5 .9 o 

Ladies W ear 

Final Clearance 

 d e a n N weep 

C H IM N E Y 
SW EEP Charlie 
M ullis continues to work amidst a flock of passing pigeons in 
Chattanooga, 
Term., where he and a partner operate the city’s only chimney cleaning service. 
Mullis wears the 
European sweep's traditional top hat and tail coat. ap wirephoto 

ORLANDO, FLA.—Some people would say E. 
Branson Connell is sitting on a gold mine. 
He has his own backyard natural gas well. 
Connell, chilled by central Florida’s coldest winter ever and poorer by $134 In heating oil bills the past six weeks, he did something about it. 
He took advantage of a deposit of “ swamp gas” dis­ covered in his backyard four years ago and had it piped into his house. 
Last week he lit a natural gas fire in his fireplace. He says the fire will provide en­ ough heat for his entire house. 
It looks like a traditional brick fireplace, but instead of burning wood, a falve on the side provides a flow of natural gas. 
When ifs lit, the gas flames around ceramic logs. 
The natural gas, commonly called swamp gas, is trapped in a limestone cavity of unk­ nown size deep under Con­ nell’s house. 
“ T here’s no way you can tell how much is there,” he said, beaming over his deci­ sion to tap the well. 
He discovered the gas when he noticed som ething bub­ bling from the ground between the casing and the water pipe of a deep well. 

Scoop... or soup 

CHARLOTTESVILLE, 
Va. 
— Brothers-in-law Phil Vaglio and Carl Eragale are doing their bit to conserve energy this cold winter. They’re keeping their air conditioners turned off. 
Vaglio and F rag ale are co­ owners of an ice cream store, and their IO motors run all the time as part of the ice cream making operation. 
The motors gernerate so much heat that, to keep the tempera­ ture inside below 9o degrees, the shop throws open its front door at intervals during the day. 
It it didn’t, says Vaglio, “ the ice cream would turn to soup.” 
From June through August, the men’s air conditioning bills run between $7oo and $9oo a month. 

Police 

Special Groups 
Vi off 

Additional furnishings and sportsw ear item s at unbelievably low prices. 

FRANK BROS. 

On A lam o P la ia — Central Park M a ll-— W indsor Park M all 

This Saturday, IO a.m. to 6 p.m., enjoy a showcase of the arts presented by Joske's and the 
Arts Council of San Antonio! 

Be here when the doors open and see free performances, demonstrations and exhibits throughout Joske's Alamo Plaza store! Visit the Arts Infor­ mation Center, located on the Main Floor, to pick up printed information on the lively arts in San Antonio. The Arts Council is a non-profit com­ munity arts agency that provides coordination services, information, planning and development for the arts in the greater San Antonio Area. 
Plan now to come early, stay late and see it all! Do come . . . it only happens once a year! 

MUSIC 

Choral and instrumental . . . from Gospel to Pop to 
Opera! 

VISUAL ARTS 

Exhibits in all the media, plus many artists-in-action demonstrations. 

DANCE 

Exciting performances of various types of dancing! 

THEATER 

Excerpts from theatrical and puppet productions for children and adults! 

ARTS AND CRAFTS 

Exhibits in all media, plus demonstrations throughout the day by area artisans. 

FILM 

Multi-media, slide and film presentations all day long. 

PARK FREE all day Saturday in the Jumbo Lot Downtown with validated Ticket! 

A UNIT or ALLIED STO RES 

San Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— Sunday February 2o 1977 
Speed traps under legislature’s fire 

EXPRESS NEWS CAPITOL. BUREAU 
AUSTIN — The State of Texas will get a lot more of the gold mined out of what has become known as “ The Valley of the 
B ears’’ if State Rep. B ennie 
Bock has his way. 

The New B raunfels law m aker has introduced legislation to redistribute money some cities appear to be raking in from speeding tickets. 
Although not m entioned by nam e, 
Bock’s House Bill 11o6 is aimed at the two towns most noted for their active speed trap. 
Bock’s bill covers cities and town with populations of less than 2,5oo. 
That includes Live Oak and Selm a which lie just outside od San Antonio on IH 35. 
Both suburbs are well known for their local “ highway patrols” which keep their city treasuries well provid­ ed. 

Presence of the two m unicipalities’ patrol cars along 1H35 have earned that short stretch of highway the unof­ ficial title of “ The V alley of the 
Bears.” 
Nickname 
That’s the name given by CB radio operators. “ B ear” is their nickname for highway patrol officers. 
Bock’s bill would have all fines and court costs collected from speeding tick ets tra n sfe rre d to the sta te comptroller if the collections exceed 18 per cent of the city’s total revenue re­ ceipts. 
The comptroller would then split the transferred funds between the state highway fund and the state operator’s and chauffeur’s license fund. 
Bock’s bill also proposes a ceiling on the amount of fine which can be im ­ posed for a speeding violation. 
The bill has been referred to the 
House Committee on Intergovernmen­ tal Affairs. 

Persons owing taxes to either a city or the state had better watch out for another piece of legislation sponsored by State Rep. Don Cartwright of San 
Antonio. 
Cartwright’s HB743, which is due a hearing before the House Committee on Insurance M onday, proposes to double interest rates on a variety of delinquent taxes. 
Under present state laws, persons who are late in paying their taxes must pay not only the back tax but an addi­ tional 6 per cent simple interest. 
Cartw right’s bill would double the simple interest to 12 per cent. 
“ Under today’s interest rates it has been cheaper for people to hold off paying their taxes rather than take out a loan," Cartwright says. 
Income 
A fiscal note prepared by the Legis­ lative Budget Board shows the state could gain an estim ated $22 million over the next five years just from the 

 increased interest penalties. 
The sam e fiscal note show s the state’s cities would receive approxi­ mately $5 million more. 
M eanw hile, 
B exar 
C ounty’s 
15-member legislative delegation filed 
IO additional pieces of legislation over the past week, bringing their total to 
13o bills and resolutions. 
By Friday, the House had 117o bills on record and in the Senate nearly 7oo bills were filed. 
The status of other local interest le­ gislation pending before the 65th le­ gislature includes: 

Bills filed 
HB1o48 by Rep Cartwright would bar any lander from using information in a borrower's property insurance policy for the purpose of soliciting insurance business from the borrower. 
It would also prohibit the lender from furnishing any information from the borrower’s insurance policy to another. Referred to Com­ mittee on Insurance 
HB1o88 by Rep. Ron Bird would increase a teacher’s contract with a school district to cover 

 a 12-month period instead of only nine months. 
Referred to Committee on Public Education. 
HB1o95 cosponsored by Rep. Bob Vale of San 
Antonio and Rep Eddie Bernice Johnson of Dal­ las would instruct the Texas Department of 
Community Affairs to establish drug treatment centers around the state. Referred to Committee on Health and Welfare. 
HB1o98 by Rep. Al Brown would allow school districts to start pilot programs for the operation of schools on a year-round basis to be funded under the Minimum Foundation Program. Re­ ferred to Committee r n Public Education. 
HBI 13o by Rep. Bird would place a hold on accrual of penalties during periods of deferral of delinquent homestead taxes by persons over 65 
- years of age. Referred to Committee on Ways and Means. 
SB619 by Sen. John Traeger of Seguin would provide for penalties for the misuse or theft of rental linens or garm ents. Referred to Com­ mittee on Jurisprudence. 
SB644 cosponsored by Traeger would provide for supplemental retirement benefits for com­ missioned officers of the Texas Department of 
Public Safety, Department of Parks and Wildlife and Texas Alcoholic Beverage Commission. 
Referred to Committee on State Affairs. 
- 
SB634 by Traeger and Sen. Frank Lombardino 

 would allow the legal playing of bingo be used as a defense to a gambling charge. This measure would not become effective unless a proposed constitutional amendment is passed allowing the legalization of bingo gam es for nonprofit or charitable organizations. Referred to Committee on Jurisprudence 
SB656 and SB657 by Traeger are two dentist bills. One changes annual registration fees for dentists and examination fees. The other bill would shelter investigation files kept by the 
Board of Dental Examiners from public inspec­ tion. Not yet referred to committees. 
Bond proposal given support 

Dr. Jose San Martin Jr., candidate for mayor, has announced support for the San Antonio School District’s $49 million bond proposal. 
“The passage of this bond issue is essential to our children’s educational future. It also will help the city of San 
Antonio,” Dr. San Martin said. 

Piggly Wiggly, Savory Tender, 
Heavy Aged Beef, 
Blade Cut 
Chuck Roast 

B F 
Lb. 

Piggly Wiggly, Savory Tender, 
Heavy Aged Beef, 
Shoulder Arm Cut 
Swiss Steak 
$1o9 

Lb. 
12-oz. 
Can 

 luncheon Meat 
Regular or Smokey 
Spam89c 

“tach of thou tdvprtttpd nom* it roquirod to bo roodily available for tale at ar balow tho a Over- titan price in each ttora, aicapt at tpaclfically noted In tibia a d ." 
_________________ 

Lone Star or Old Milwaukee 
BEER 
$429 
6 Pack 12 Oz. 

Non-Ref. Bottles 

Proparty of Food Mart Bakery, Inc. 

S'! 29 

BEEF SPECIALS 

Piggly Wiggly, Savory Tondor, Heavy Aged Beat, Chuck 
Boneless Steak 
Piggly Wiggly, Savory Tender, Heavy Aged Beef. 
Boneless a q 
Swiss Steak u. s139 
Piggly Wiggly, Savory Tender, Heavy Aged Beef, 
Boneless Bottom e* 
O Q 
Round Steak u. I 
Piggly Wiggly, Savory Tender, Heavy Aged Beef, Chuck 
Boneless Roast 
Lh. *12# 

Whole, 6 to S-U>. Average 
Smoked 
Picnic 
BSF 

SPECIAL TREATS 

Piggly Wiggly, Savory Tondor, Heavy Aged Beef, Eye of 
Round Roast 
». 

Half or Whole. Sliced 
Smoked Picnic 

Fresh Boston Butt Cut 
Pork Steak 

Frosh Country Style 
Spare Ribs 

Piggly Wiggly, Savory Tender, Heavy 
Agad Boof, Family Pack 
Chuck 

EVERYDAY LOW PRICE 
EVERYDAY LOW PRICE 

Lh. 

Lh. 

Lh. 

 sits 

79* 
99° 
9 9 ' 

Steak 
Lb.89c 

Piggly Wiggly, Twin Peck 
Potato Chips 

Piggly Wiggly 
Pancake Syrup 

Piggly Wiggly 
Instant Potatoes 

Piggly Wiggly 
Green Beans 

P W V Wiggly 
Golden 
Corn 

Sox. 
Pkg. 59c 
8 9 ' 

69c 
4 

16 or 
Cans 

Qt. 
Btl. 

15-oz. 
Box 

72 ox. 
Box 

Gel. 
Jug 

Qt. 
Btls. 

59 

Powdered Heavy Duty Detergent 
Purex 

Piggly Wiggly 
Bleach 

All flavors 
Wagner Drinks 

Piggly Wiggly 
o 
Nixed Vegetables 3 
1 

*1 
55° 
45° 

4 
,^ 1 
Cans 
” 

Kookier 
Townhouse 
Crackers 
1 6 - o z . 
B o x77c 
McCall S C O L L E C T IO N 

VOLUME FIVE "CAKES & PIES" On Sale Today! 
Only BSF 

YOU’LL WANT ALL 18 

C o o k ie Co lle ctio n • C a s s e r o le C o o k b o o k • P ra c tic a lly C o o k le s s C o o k b o o k • 

S a la d s A S a la d D re ssin g s • C a k e s and P ie s • M a r v e lo u s M e a ts • Dessert 

D isco verte s • Fam ily Style C o o k b o o k • C o m p a n y C o o k b o o k • Coast to Coast 

C ookin g • W orld W ide C o o k in g • Fish ’n ’ Fowl • Show Oft C o o k b o o k • C o c k ta il 

Tim e C o o k b o o k • H o m e B a k e d B re a d s • B u ok of M e rry Eating • Picn ic & Patio 

C o o k b o o k • Do A h e a d Party Bo o k 

California 
Avocados 

Caid or ma Mineola 

Frozen Foods 
All Variatias (Except Classic) 
Frozen 
Totino's 
Pizza 
Piggly Wiggly 
Frozen 
Waffles 

Piggly Wiggly 
W hbinfiH Trmninn 

1 3 - o 2 . 
Pkg. 

Morton's F rex on 
Glazed Donuts 

99' 
5*1 vt 49* 
S: 69* 

 r Health & Beauty Aids> 

Mouthwash 
□sternum 
9129 

Btl. 
I 

Shaving Cartridge* 
Schick Super ll s ®2 o4 

Denture Cleamer, Extra Strength 
Efterdent 
9199 

Box 
I 

Double Edge, Super Chromium 
, Schick Blades n. 9119 

Pkg. 
I 
J 

Betty Crocker, All Varieties 
Hamburger Helper 

Tangerines 

Del Monte Dried 
Large Prunes 

Pretty toy. Wild 
Bird Food 

Washington Extra fancy, Red 
Delicious 

 th. 

16-ox. 
Pkg 

SLD 

43c 
79c 
79c 

Apples 
Lb.39c 

C t* 
A 
Fresh Dairy 
Ea 
Piggly Wiggly 
Low Fat 
Milk 
*69* 

 t a r n u li o n 

 r P O S i l 
Yogurt 
4-*1 
■ etui. 
■ 

Start 
Your 
Set 
Today 
B lain rn 1*1 
GERM ANY 

Save 
Over 
4o% 

W« 4K pi o u t lo ( i i t t M I 
M U WX U M 
I I ,pm ppp th * " * P M g<pi# it row) #•<**** I,tit Ow<lk« («miM MHI •• «m*i M bPPuhto p*9 
JOHANA H* VU AHO I l f U l t 6lAtAN« IIM fOHCIltHI CHIM 
W# M a t m t i l i p t tt p i ,<>«Ag*fn«M i t o ,*w I t K p i x i t o t h ap Im ****** po pa pici«i.»p pp,, pun Apl mu hi y»w< ■••kl, ftwpgpi 

P IG G L Y W IG G L Y C O U P O N 

VALUABLE COUPON WORTH M OO 

TOW ABO Tiff PUAC KASI OF TMS WffK I FtATUAfO IT H ! 
HAVILAND LACE TABLECLOTH 

Our Rag. D iscount P r i c e . . . . . 
$16 96 
C ou p on S a v in g s .......................... 
4 OO 

Your Price (with coupon) $12.99 

CPU POH 6ooo THAU FIH U A A V 26. 1977 

Pioneer, Regular 
Biscuit Mix 

No Stick Vegetable 
Mazola Spray 

Pigsty Wiggly 
Saltine Crackers 

Peter Pen 
Peanut 
Butter 

2-Lb. 
Can 

13-ox. 
Can 

16-ox. 
Box 

89c 
*129 
45c 

San Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— Sunday February 2o I 977 

COUNTY C O M M . A lbert Bustamante delivers the first batch of Good Turn Day bags to area Boy Scouts 
Bustam ante to lead scouts in good turn 

C ounty Com . A lb ert 
B u s ta m a n te h as been named chairm an of the 
1977 Good Turn Day set for March 19. 
This is the 25th annual 
Good Turn Day drive by the Boy Scouts to gather m a teria ls for Goodwill 
Rehabilitation Service. 
It is also the single most important source of 

ARTHRITIS RHfUM ATISM 
M USTUl ftR RAINS 

 tr| Mw 
**17o bu ll.ut ti 
IM I t m I p in t cd lin t. Ohm p.H.1 in ■Au lu md ifaiiSi fwctty Vo. wf foitaf and m ud S A H ahn IM toto* t»« t o t i n WHI* ar a urn »Nwii»d rtaaiyad tar praaaa lactit Rat laid la 

 had la; MEL-ZO CO. 

T O Rat UU, Cttfut Chilli, Tai. 7*4o5 

 raw m aterials for Good­ will’s rehabilitation pro­ g r a m for th e h a n d i­ capped. 
C o m m . 
B u s ta m a n te will oversee the entire effort, coordinating all community resources to assure success. 
March 12 
Boy Scouts will deliver the Good Turn Day bags to homes in Bexar County 
March 12 and pick up the filled bags March 19. 
Military bases will also fu rn is h m a n p o w e r to help unload the m a te r ­ ials. Local business firms will fu rn ish v o lu n te e r 

We A ccept 
• Bank A m erIcard • M aster C harge 
D iner* C lub • A m erican E (pre** i 
• S hopper* C harge • C arte Blanche 

8 G R E A T S T O R E S IN THE SAN A N T O N IO AHC A WH 
East H o u sto n , D o w n to w n a La* Palm as S h o p p in g C enter 
• Plaza Terrell Shopping Centei .8 4 2 S W M ilitary Drive 
• Northwest Shopping Center • McCreless Shopping City 
• C en tral Park Mall •W in d so r Park Mall • S hop G ordon'* 
C oast to C oasi 

2-J-OZ-l* 

 tru ck s to tra n s p o rt the collected m aterials to the 
Goodwill plant. 
A rea b a n k s , g ro c e ry sto res and d e p a rtm e n t will be d istributing lea­ flets announcing details of the drive. 
Savings firm honors founder 

F o rm e r Mayor W. VV. 
M c A lliste r 
Sr. w as named Chairman E m eri­ tus of the Board of San 
Antonio Savings Assn., a special position created for him, by the m em bers of SASA. 
He was honored with the position in recogni­ tion of his role as founder of SASA and his 56 years of service, loyalty and devotion to the associa­ tion. 
SASA s u r p a s s e d in ­ d u s try p e r f o rm a n c e standards in 1976 in the area of mortagage lend­ ing with a lending vo­ lume exceeding $125 m il­ lion. Current assets now exceed $6oo million. 
SASA has also m ade significant improve­ m e n ts in b r a n c h and main office facilities with new store front branches opened at the Oak Park 
Mull at New Braunfels 
Street and Nacogdoches 
Road, and at San Pedro 
Square at the in tersec­ tion of Bitters Road and 
San Pedro Avenue. 
Branch No. 2o was also moved to a new location in the Crossroads Shop­ ping Center. Facilities at the W onderland Office have been enlarged and modernized. 
The drive-through fa­ cilities at the main office have been improved with the addition of a new b u ild in g w ith a c c e ss from both Soledad Street and Main Avenue. 

There are some feelings for which there are no words 

- J d 
Owning a Gary Pool is one of them. r .aru 

SVN AV/1 ANX I Ai IS M & / WIJAS 

I I I N t LiMjf* I IO. Sui A nnulus Tfxu> 
341-3331 

Dancing down to earth 

By JO SIE NEAL 

San Antonio lovers of dance were treated to a fine performance Friday night by The Raym ond 
Johnson Dance Company at the Carver Community 
Cultural Center. 
T he s m a ll m o d e rn dance com pany had an exciting, earthly vitality 

The dancers' movements were suftpie and sinuous, forceful and angular, often prococa ti ce and frankly sexual 

Review 

 that m ade one aware of the stro n g c o n tra s t b etw een th e m o d e rn idiom and its sister-art, classical ballet. 
There was no feeling of lightness and ease; the d a n c e r s ’ m o v e m e n ts sug g ested g ra v ity , and the earth-bound quality of the human body. Their dancing was supple and sinuous, forceful and an­ gular, often provocative and frankly sexual. 
Balance 
All but one of the works perform ed w ere choreo­ g ra p h e d by th e c o m ­ p a n y ’s fo u n d er, R a y ­ m ond 
J o h n s o n , and show ed a s ty le th a t is simple and direct, with a nice balance of se rio u s­ ness and humor. 
Sugar Cane, the open­ ing work, was danced to the r a g ti m e tu n e s of 
Scott J o p lin and w as light and am u sin g . U n­ fortunately, one was re­ minded of recent perfor­ mances here of sim ilar pieces by Twyla Tharp and the Joffrey Ballet, and th is w ork did not stand up well in com pa­ rison. 
Tin Tai, a tour de force c h o re o g ra p h e d by Bill 
Evans, to music by MIS­ 
RA, w as b rillia n tly d an c ed by 
R ay m o n d 
Johnson. Johnson moves with sensitivity and re ­ markable control. 
S.A. to honor veteran workers 

San Antonio will honor 
259 of its employees d u r­ ing the 16th annual E m ­ ployee 
A p p re c ia tio n 
Night banquet Tuesday. 
Site of the event will be the Mission Room of the 
Convention Hall. 
G u e sts w ill in c lu d e municipal employees ob­ serving their 2o, 25, 3o, 35 and 4o-year a n n i v e r ­ saries of employment. 
Ceremonies 
In all, the City this year will honor 932 municipal w o rk e rs , r e p r e s e n tin g m ore than 11,5oo collec­ tive y e a r s on th e job. 
Service pins signifying five, IO and 15 years with the City of San Antonio will be a w a rd e d la te r d u rin g in d iv id u a l d e ­ p artm ental cerem onies, 
Iluebner said. 
B a rb a r a H a r ris , li­ brarian with the Westfall branch lib rary , and P o­ lice D el. J o h n It. A n­ d rew s, as sig n ed to the theft division, head the list of banquet honorees. 
E a c h is o b s e rv in g 4o y ea rs of serv ic e to the 
City. 
In addition, 13 persons are being singled out in observance of their 35th an n iv e rsa rie s. They in ­ clude: 
Solomon Wolf, booking and contract *upervi*or for Com cli­ tion Fuel Ut ic*. 
Stella Diaz, clerk til Munici­ pal Court; 
C edi ll Doolittle, Fire De­ partment captain, n u d ie 
K. 
F ritz, administrative assistant to the 
Fire Chief; 
Joe C. G uerrero. F ire D e­ partment firefighter, and 
Arthur L. Herrera. Fire De­ partment district fire chief. 
Also, John K«y Lambert, Fire 
D epartm ent m ain ten an ce strop*; 
Hoy \V L ueders, F ire D e­ partment engineer. 
Andrew M Orosco, F ire De­ trim en t lieutenant. 
Julius L Kinzel. Police De­ partment sergeant, traffic di­ vision. 
(Simi F Peters, chit! of po­ lice. 
Wilbert J Kobttsch, Police 
Department lieutenant, theft division, aud 
W E. Stover, Police Depart­ m ent lie u te n a n t. property room 

Judge is fete honoree 
The League of United 
Latin American ( ’iti/ens 
Council No. 2 in holding a testimonial banquet for 
Judge Mike Machado 7 
I* m 
Friday al the 
G u n te r H otel C ry s ta l 
Ballroom 
Judge Machado will be honored for his work as a municipal judge (or the city. 

The most dram atic of­ fering of the evening. 
W o lfm an , w as d an c ed with savage intensity by 
R aym ond Jo h n so n and 
D avid Lee. T h e w ork builds to an intense cli­ m a x , w ith b a re ly c o n ­ cealed und ercu rren ts of violence. 
The dancing of the two men was an interesting study in contrasts; Lee’s athletic thrusts were an 

 e x c e lle n t foil for the lith e, s e n su o u s m o v e ­ m ents of Johnson. Both m en have stro n g stag e p re s e n c e an d p e rfo rm with virile energy. 

Parody 

As T h e W orld T u rn s 
Out was a witty and hu­ m o ro u s p a ro d y on the heart-throbbing passions 

 and c o m p lic a te d love affairs portrayed daily on the soap operas. 
As there are three men and only two w o m en , th e re is alw ay s an odd man out, but it is not al­ ways the sam e m an, as the women fall for first one and then the other with dizzying speed and ab an d o n . 
L inda 
Lippeneot and Fern Zand danced the two sought- 

 after ladies with am using fickleness. 
T he finale w as L a n d ­ m ark, a jazzy satire on boy-girl re la tio n s h ip s , d an c ed to rock tu n e s, with am usingly frenzied em braces, provocatRely innocent girls and sw ag­ gering men. 

Machismo 

The high point of this work was the m en ’s var­ iatio n . in w hich they p ree n th e ir b e a u tifu l 

 muscles and seethe with machismo. 
D avid H oekoy’s r e s ­ trained style was a nice contrast for the brasil ag­ gressiveness of Raymond 
Johnson and David Lei'. 
T he only d is a p p o in t­ ment of the evening was the sm a ll cro w d . T h is com pany is an exciting and lively group and de­ serves to be seen 
T h e ir final p e r f o r ­ m a n c e is S u n d ay at 3 p.m., free at the Carver 
Center. Don’t miss it. 

2o win tickets to see Flash Cadillac 

Flash Cadillac and the 
Continental Kids will be doing th e ir stu ff 
Wednesday night at the 
Convention C enter B an­ quet Hall and 2o lucky fans will be seeing him free. 
The free tick ets are from the Exprcss-News and two tickets each will 

 be awarded to IO people w hose e n t r i e s w ere drawn in the new spapers’ 
Flash Cadillac contest. 
T h e tic k e ts m ay be pick ed up at th e Ex- p ress-N e w s b u ild in g . 
Ave. E and T hird St., 
Room 5o6 from 8:3o a m. to 5:3o- p .m . M onday th ro u g h 
W e d n es d a y . 
R odeo honors 
E-N writer 

A veteran Express-News writer and editor bas been cited during the current San Antonio Stock 
Show and Rodeo for his contributions to such events over South Texas. 
The recognition went to Bill Cunningham, who is both state and agriculture editor of San Antonio 
Express. 
He also writes the long-running, daily column beamed at local agriculture. Cattle Clatter. 
In the commendation from the South Texas Fairs and Stock Shows Association, C unningham was praised “ for his many contributions” through his 
Cattle Clatter column 
The citation said the recognition was “ too long til coming.” 
The presentation to Cunningham was made during the annual meeting of the Association. The meeting is held annually in connection with the San Antonio show. 

Those tickets that are not claimed will be forfeited 
Winning tickets to the show are: 
Sonya W illiam s, 4239 
V an ta g e View; L inda 
G ro s s m a n , 691o Twin 
Lake Drive; Irene Leycn- decker, 227 Oelkers St.; 
Jo h n 
B ra m h a ll. 
1519 
Fresno Drive; Mrs Billy 
B onds, 
S eg u in ; and 
Diana Rose, HO E. Hol­ lywood Drive; 
Fenny Houston, RI. 7 
Box 551; Louis O. Solis, 
1119 Leal S t.; D onna 
Lehi', New B rau n fe ls; and Linda Burling, 7o21 
Iluebner lid. 

Honor unit lo convene 

Members of the Phi 
Theta K appa, national junior college honor so­ ciety, will meet in San 
Antonio tor a state con­ vention F rid ay through next Sunday, 

The convention will bt* held at the El Tropieatio 
Hotel 
M e m b e rs will elect national officers. 

T k 

■ 

I * 
This beautiful lady is coming back to San Antonio to do something beautiful. For you. And for Holy 
Cross High School All proceeds from the show will help continue the permanent endowment for Holy Cross 
An evening with V ikki Carr 
Benefit for Holy Cross 
Saturday, Mac 26 8 s 3op.m. 
Hemisfair Arena 

ADVANCE TICKETS AVAILABLE NOW BY MAIL 
Write The Vikki Cair Show, Holy Cross High School. 
426 N. San Felipe, San Antonio 78228, or call 433-86oo 

Gold Circle* 3 o .o o 
Reserved*! O.OO. * 8 .5 o , *7.5o.* 5 .5 o .S 3 .5 o 
General Adm ission * 2 .5 o 

TICKETS ALSO AVAILABLE 
AT JOSKE’S North Star Mall 
Las Palmas 
Alamo Plaza 
Windsor Park AAill SEARS Central Park 
S.W Military Dove 
Roma na Plaza 

Save now on Poly-Jet tubeless tires in ten sizes 

1 9 95 

Reg. 21.95. Size A78-13 plus 1.72 F.E.T. 

General's Poly-Jet tires feature four plies of non- flat-spotting polyester cord for smooth riding, plus a wide-flat tread for traction. Prices shown are for tubeless blackwall tires. White sidewalls available at 3.oo to 4.oo more per tire. Choose from ten popular sizes now and save! 

Save 1.o4! Deluxe 
8-foot booster cables 

5 
9 5 

Reg. 6.99 

SIZE 
PRICE 
SALE 
F.E.T. 
B78-13 
24.95 
22.9S 
I 82 
E78-14 
27.95 
2S.9S 
2.23 
F78-14 
29.95 
26.95 
2.37 
G78-14 
3o.95 
27.95 
2.53 
H78-14 
33.95 
3o.95 
2.73 
G78-15 
3295 
29.95 
2.99 
H78-15 
34.95 
31.99 
2.79 
J78-15* 
38.95 
34.95 
2.96 
L78-15* 
43.95 
39.95 
3.o9 

'Available in white sidewalls only 

Save 4.oo! Oil change, filter and lubrication 
IO95 

R eg. 14.9S. Our experts will install up to 5 qts. of 
Quaker State Super Blend motor oil and an oil filter, plus lubricate your car. Please call for time-saving appointment. 

A UNIT or ALLIED STOKES 

JOSE ES CAR CARE CENTER 
8o3 E Commerce, 227-4343 or 
223-1868 Open daily 1:3o-5:3o, 
Monday and Thutaday 1:3o-9:oo 

GENERAL TIRE SERVICE 
8415 McCullough, 344-9291 
19o2 S W Military D r, 924-4411 
Open daily 7:3o-5:oo 

SO B R IN O ’S 

BANftAMtttiCANO 

San Antonio EXPRESS-NEW S— Sunday February 2o 1977 
49 YEARS OF SERVICE TO SAN ANTONIO 
Amnesty eyed for prisoners 

That is why we are stu dying this possibility.” 

COMPILED EDOM WIRE SERVICES 

M EXICO 
CITY 
- 
Mexican President .Jose 
Lopez Portillo says he is studying the possibility of granting amnesty to political prisoners, but claim ed that none of them are in prison for their beliefs. 
“ We are studyin g the conven­ ience, the possibility of regularizing the situation of many fellow citizens who are deprived of their liberty and who could re­ turn to a useful life,” the president said when he returned from an official trip to the United States. 
Jose Koto Coronado, a lawyer, claims there are more than 1,2oo political prisoners in Mexico and some of them have been im prisoned for seven years without being con­ victed by a court. 
The majority of them are terrorists involved in kidn apin gs, a s s a s s i n a ­ tions and robberies, he says. Rojo Coronado is a 

Dura Hand ll. 
Son S t irk fin ish ! 

World 
Briefs 
' Inflates one W K \ / W) tire to 25 lbs.! R 
Instant Repair 
Fix-A-Flat 

 lawyer with a wide ex­ perience in these kind of cases. 
“ I am pleased to af­ firm there are no politi­ cal prisoners as such in 
Mexico — that m eans they are not in jail be­ cause of their political beliefs,” Lopez Portillo said 
‘ ‘T h ere could be prisoners, who holding different political opin­ ions, are in for the crimes they committed. 

57-9o231 Kl 

Variety o f sizes! 

M R llS lfiilJR IE 
7243 BLANCO ROAD | 
I 
M O N D AY thru SATURDAY 8 a m . to 9 p.m. f l 
SUNDAYS 9 a m. to 8 p m. 
I 

6126 WURZBACH 
CORNER of W URZBACH & EVERS 
OPEN 24 HOURS EVERYDAY! 
11441 PERRIN-BEITEL 
CORNER of Naco Perrin and Perrin Beitel 
OPEN 7 a rn. to M IDNIGHT EVERYDAY! 
Sr 
Your Choice! 
[Frosted Light Bul 
Fiberglass 
Furnace Filter 
PRICES GOOD THRU TUES.. EEB. 22nd 
LIMIT RIGHTS RESERVED 
WE REDEEM FOOD STAMP COUPONS 

53-9o25-7 

Leaf Rake 
W/4-Foot Handl 
Handy Quilted 
Oven Mitt 

92-1623-6 
57-91oo»Ki 

FRESH FROM OUR BAKERY 

PLUS 
DEPOSIT 
13 Oz. 
Spray Paint 
4 l/i Oz. Bicycle 
Tube Sealer 
FRESH FROZEN 

^3-5675i Kl 

CALIFORNIA NAVEL 

Brow nCotton 
Work Gloves 

74-5951 W HI 

• W I m 4h « 
........................... 434-4K I 
• 1543 A .»tw Hm*........................................ 474 IM I 
• 7 4 * Hwy 9 o Wm i 
..........................47*1111 
• m McGtfcti tai....................... ... 
• US KWu ft* Ut KatMM...................... 433 1431 
• Swvtu Cwrtw, MS W ttm ptadf... 341-7191 

M et 

Cl re 
Bi 
I) in 
Cl si 
.ii 
B si tr 
P 
T 
P 

D to 
Ii 
P ai e: u ft b ai bi fi gi si 

T 

I 11 
P 
IT 
A 
I B a; 
! E a g a 

P ti 

N 
N 
N 
Ii 
Ii h c 
I o fl f. 

I V 
I (I 

Soaps need to clean up acts 

San Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— Sunday February 2o I 977 

WASHINGTON’S BIRfHM 

Miss yo u r fa v o r ite soap 

 opera? B r in g y o u rs e lf up to date, w ith this h a n d y 

 u rn p u p o f th e w e e k s ' events. 

ALL MY CHILDREN: 

Charles begged Anne to rehire Christina when 
Beth contracted a fever 
Donna changed her image with a new hair­ cut. 
Kitty developed spells of blurred vision. 
Joe was suspicious of 
Brooke and Danny when she asked for a birth con­ trol pill prescription. 
Phil was furious with 
Tara, who allowed Little 
Phil to stay with Chuck. 

ANOTHER WORLD: 
Dr. Gavin was brought in to treat Ada’s depression. 
Iris Questioned Brian's past when his son Ted arrived. Liz threatened to expose Sharlene’s past unless she stayed away from Russ. Mac cele­ brated his wedding anniversary by moving back with Rachel. John fired Jeff. Belga insti­ gated friction among the servants. 

AS 
T H E 
W O RLD 
U RNS: 
Don was in a 

 turmoil when 
Joyce played hard to get. She made 
Dee suspect 
Annie’s motives about 
Beau. Susan blacked out and neglected Betsy and 
Emmy. Rim and Dan set a wedding date. John gathered information about times and dates when Carol baby-sits with 
Andrew so that he and 
Pat can snatch the kid then. 

DAYS OF OUR LIVES: 

Maggie grew anxious as 
Mickey decided to handle 
Mike’s defense. 
He learned a prostitute be­ lieved that Jack couldn’t have attempted rape be­ cause he was impotent. 
Trish was released as an outpatient and Brooke found a new apartment for them. Jeri feared re- i mem ber mg the time when Trish smashed a 
I doll as a child. 

THE 
DOCTORS: 

A 
Soap I 
Opera 
Review 

By JON MICHAEL REED 

Maggie threw Nola out when she found her dancing with Matt and neglecting baby-sitting chores with 
Michael 
Paul. Carolee rem em ­ bered her home in Ma­ dison and Dr. Brandt suspected that “ Maryel- len Smithfield's” history is false. Eleanor offered to find Luke a job. Billy accepted Steve’s engage­ ment to Ann. Stacy ad­ vised Paul to confess. 

T H E 
E D G E 
OF 

NIGHT: Nicole was kid­ napped by Clay, who’s forcing her to take so­ dium pentathol to reveal 
Darcy’s island location. 
Geraldine pushed Raven to date Devin. Darcy es­ caped before the police raid. Mike and Draper found a witness. Harold 
Nivens, to testify against 
Saxon. 

G E N E R A L 
H O S P I­ 
TAL: Mary Ellen pulled a sympathy act before 
Mark could tell her about 
Terri. Gina learned Jill’s hitting the bottle. Monica found Jeff with Heather. 
Lesley and Rick urged 
Laura to return with them. 

GLIDING LIGHT: The 
D A. presented evidence that Rita lied about her whereabouts the time 
Cyrus died and about her knowledge of her inheri­ tance. Mike worried he wouldn’t be able to de­ fend her if she didn’t stop lying. Rita collapsed in the courtroom. Student 

 nurse. Kattie Parker, ar­ rived at the hospital. 

LOVE OF L IF E : lan played up to Arlene and intercepted a message that Tom is returning. 
Mia’s attempts to make a private confession to Ben were constantly thwart­ ed. Ben assumed Betsy- had found M ia’s tele­ phone number in his jacket. Eddie was frus­ trated by Charles’ claims about Felicia's love. 

ONE L IF E TO LIV E: 
Vicki advised Larry to marry Karen, but Danny didn’t like the idea. 
Minnie feared that Joe’s health is deteriorating. 
Tony told Pat he couldn’t marry her until Cathy is well. 
Cathy made a drawing of the lady she left Kevin with, but couldn’t remember who she was. 

RYAN’S HOPE: 
Jack sent a process server to 
Mary after she refused to sign the divorce papers 
(as a first step toward an annulment). Seneca sug­ gested Jill deliver their baby via the Laboyer 
Method. Roger agreed not to reveal 
Dee’s schemes to snare Pat. if she cooperated with him. 

SEA RC H 
FO R 
TO­ 
MORROW: Grog denied 
Stu’s accusation that 
Greg was responsible for the drowning death of 
Stu’s sister Louise who was pregnant with Greg's child. Gary insisted he'd continue to protect Gail. 
She feared that 
Ed 
Minter, who’d killed her child, would return to get her. 

T H E 
YOUNG 
AND 

THE RESTLESS: Peggy was revolted at the idea of having sex with Jack again. Jack discovered that JoAnn had trimmed down and been “ beauti­ fied’’ by Kay. Laurie and 
Lance returned from their honeymoon to find that Vanessa had set up twin beds for them. 
Snapper rejected Chris’ lovemaking attempts 
Dillon w a s ordered to ar­ rest Snapper. 

Dance slated for elderly 

The Senior Community 
Services. Inc., will spon­ sor a dance for senior citizens from 7 to 9 p.m. 
Tuesday in the Kenwood 
North Senior Center at 
121 Avenue M. 
Alamo Music Company 

 wiP provide music for the free dance. 

The Senior Services is a United Way agency. 

For further informa­ tion. telephone Marguer­ ite Crist at 828-6589. 

S e n d y o u r iju e stio n s on the soaps to the S a n 

 in t o n io I \press- \ en % 

B O . Box J I T ! . S a n in- 

 to n io . 
T e x a s , 
7 82 97 . 

Questions can n o t he an s- a c r e d p e r s o n a lly , h u t 

 those a llic it m ay he o f 

 g e n e ra l interest a ill he 

 an sw ered in m y colum n. 

 scy 
$2oo. 
SAVINGS 

ON 
1/2 carat 
DIAMOND 
I SOLITAIRES 

Regularly *8o5. each 

N O W $695. each 

For your engagement, choate from thro* ttnyaysm, diamond shapes: round, pear shape, mamuije. 
And save $2oo. 
IHmtretionunused 

REGULAR CHARGE ACCOUNTS. EXTENDED PA YMENTPLANS. 
Or urn M m * Chaff, Bink A m * K ml, Anttrkm I nprm 

I 

I I 
CENTRAL PARK MALL 
341 4481 

JEWELERS 

TO THE WORLD 

SINCE 1877 

WINDSOR PARK MALL 
654 6435 
J 

Come Save 

At The 

Friendly Store... 

Customer Service 

Is Our W ay 

O f Saying 

"T H A N K You" 

For Shopping 

With Us 

JUNIORS 
COORDINATES 

ORIG. 11.oo TO 4o.oo 

TO 31.2o 

A 

 r n 

SUPER SAVINGS... 

 on this group of junior 

 coordinates. The newest 

 styles of the season ... 

 all in fashion colors. 

Choose from several 

 famous makers. 

TWO DAYS 

L 
ONLY 
22% 

LADIES 
DRESSES AND 

PANTSUITS 

ORIG. 22.oo TO 62.oo 
17.16,o 48.36 
/ I 
Fashionable 

 styles and new 

 spring colors. 

Pick the style 

 and color 

 that fits 

 you best. Choose 

 from several 

 famous makers 

... in popular 

 sizes. 

MONDAY 

AND 
TUESDAY 

 w -~ 
L», t— ... rn 
I B 

 in 

 rn 

• rri 

S 

 lit | 

FAMOUS NAME 

!/ 

 i t 
•"yr; 

I C 

ORIG. 12.oo TO 27.5o 
9.36„21.45 

New styles and colors 

 for this season... 

Select from several 

 famous makers. All 

 made of 1oo% 

 polyester and machine 

 washable. 

ORIG. 18.oo TO 28.oo 
14.o4 „ 21.84 

New spring 

 fashions... 

Let us add 

 the touch with 

 our men’s shoe sale. In 

 popular styles and sizes. 

COMING SOON— BEALLS DEPARTMENT STORE IN CENTRAL 
MALL” 

■ s» 

South Park M all W ind sor Park M all 
W35S at S.W. Military Dr 
1H35N at Walztm Rd. 
1o:oo AJA. til 9:oo P M 
1o:oo A M. til 9:oo P M. 
MOW.-SAT, 
MON SAT. 

Plaza Del Rey 
Seguin, Trios 
IO OO A M. til 9:oo P.M. 
MON-SAT. 

Pag«^^&-l^^^^$anAntonioEXPRE$S-NEWS^^unda^Februar^2^1977 

....DON'T 
...WALK 
••••••RUN 

T 
O 

STARTS 
SUNDAY 
FROM 
I 2 NOON ’TIL 7 

LFD-BLEDSOE HAS BEEN ACCUMULATING FURNITURE AND APPLIANCES AT 
AN UNHEARD OF RATE . . . SINCE THE MERGER WE HAVE CREATED A TRE­ 
MENDOUS BACK UP OF FURNITURE, APPLIANCES AND CARPETS LIKE NEVER 
BEFORE, WE MUST REDUCE OUR INVENTORY AT ANY COST. URGENT THAT 
A LIQUIDATION OF INVENTORY TAKE PLACE NOW. FOR CASH OR CREDIT 
HURRY MANY ONE OF A KIND ITEM 

LAMPS 

$ 

LIVING ROOM 
TABLES 
$ 

VALUES UP TO ‘79.95 
SWAG LAMP 

WHILE 
THEY 
LAST! 
AND 
UP 
IO 
$25 

AND UP 
WHILE THEY LAST 

WHILE THEY LAST! 

YOUR CHOICE 
8x12 OR 9x12 J 
RUGS 
*58 
* 

MANY COLORS! 

APT. SIZE 
GAS RANGE 
$138 

WHITE 
ONLY 

SINGLE DOOR 
REFRIGERATOR 
188 

5-PC. DINETTE 
*44 

AND UP 

ODD 
I CHEST................$35 
NIGHT STAND 
$1o 
HEADBOARDS 
$1o 
STOOLS.............$25 

WHIRLPOOL 
AUTO WASHER 

MAYTAG 
ELECTRIC DRIVER 

BERNHARDT 8-PC. 
Dining Room Suite 

BEDSPREADS 

AU SIZES 
WHILE THEY LAST! 

■♦J** 

*-><*» IMV J 
HtCtoMr 
I I I H -T J T 
I l l 

K 
I 

J 

SAVE UP TO 3o% 
4o% 5o% AND YES 

ON CERTAIN ITEMS DURING 
THIS FABULOUS LFD-BLEDSOE 
WAREHOUSE CLEARANCE SALE . 

WALL CLOCKS 
By Harris-Mallow 
*33 

WHILE 
THEY 
LAST! 

Wood Room Divider 
In Maple or Pine 
*42 

IN 
CARTON 

CHAISE LOUNGER 
*35 
WHILE THEY LAST! 

BEAN BAGS 
*1o 
JUMBO SIZE 

3-PC 
LIVING ROOM SUITE] 
Sofa— Chair and Rocker 
$198 

4-PC. BEDROOM 
SUITE 
$198 

BEDDING 
SIMMONS-TURNER 
BEMCO-KING KOH 
25 

AND 
UP 

4-PC. MIRROR 
CONSOLE SET 
8 

D IRECTIO N S! W A R EH O U SE ISI 
LOCATED AT 1114 W. COMMERCE! 
UNDER THE COMMERCE OVER­ 
PASS BETWEEN COMAL AND ME-] 
DINA. 
BLEDSOE 
1114 W. COMMERCE 

San Antonio EX P R E S S-N EW S— Sunday February 2 o 1 9 7 7 H 

NAACP seeks jobs, medical aid 

By ALAN BAILEY 
The NAACP, a long-time leader in the civil rights movement, is moving into the economic underprivileged field, a former high ranking NAACP official said Saturday. 
“ We believe that anything which helps the poor will help blacks in par­ ticular,” said Alfred Baker Lewis, 79, treasurer emeritus of the NAACP. 
Lewis said at a press conference at 

 the downtown Holiday Inn the NAACP is adding to its program for the ra­ cially underprivileged the financially 
.underprivileged. 
Lewis, who is an economist and an attorney, said the NAACP. is support­ ing actively two major bills in Con­ gress. 

The Humphrey-Hawkins bill for full employment will change the “ unem­ 

 ployed tax eater into the taxpayer,” said Lewis. 
The proposed legislation states the federal government would be the em­ ployer of last resort for the unem­ ployed . 
Lewis said this would increase the federal deficit the first year, but it would not in later years. 
The second bill is the Kennedy-Cor- man bill on national health insurance 

 that would provide free hospital and medical care. 
“We do not have good medical care in this country despite what the AMA 
|American Medical Association) says. 
“ The best test of how to judge a country’s health care is by its infant mortality. We rank 17th in infant mor­ tality and all the countries which rank ahead of us have national health in­ surance.” said Lewis. 

Lewis admitted the health program would add to the federal budget, but it would reduce a family’s individual budget which would no longer be bur­ dened with hospitaPUhd doctor costs. 

Lewiston! the NAACP is still as ac­ tive as ever in the civil rights field 
“We don’t make the headlines today like we used to because in most cases whites are willing to sit down and talk things out privately,” said Lewis. 

 i'/it ti I. 
Tire values. 
Save 
$16-$29 
Steel-track belted radial whitewalls. 
• Built tough—I steel plus 4 rayon belts 
• Responsive radial polyester cord body 

TUBELESS 
WHITEWALL 
SIZE 
ALSO 
KITS 

REGULAR 
ERICE 
EACH* 

SALE 
I’HU E 
EACH* 

PLUS 
F.E.T. 
EACH 
BR7o-13t 
$52 
$36 2,25 
ER7o-14 
2o5/7oR-14 
$65 
$»5 2.67 
FR7o-14 
215/7OR-14 
*69 
ETE 2.86 
GR7o-14 
225/7oR-14 
$74 
•S5i 
3 . o o 
HR7o-14 
235/7oR-14 
$8o 
$56 3-29 
GR7o-15 
225/7OR-15 
$7o 
$55 3.o5 
HR7o-15 
235/7oR-15 
$ 8 6 
$6o 3.27 
JR7o-15 
245/7oR-15 
$H<» 
$o3 3.43 
LR7o-15 
$1*6 $67 ;3.6o 

BR7o-13+ 
$53 
$3(> 2.25 
ER7o-14 2o5/7oRrl4 
$65 
$!•> 2.67 
FR7o-14 215/7oR-14 
$69 
$48 2.86 
GR7o-14 225/7OR-14 
S. I W !\ 3.o8 
GR7o-15 225/7oR-15 
$79 
$551 3.65 
Free mounting. 

HINGLE RADIAL PLY 

Road Tamer Radial on isle thru March I. 

Road Guard sale priced thru Feb. 22. 

TUBELESS 
BLACKWALL 
SIZE 

REGULAR 
PRICE 
BACH* 

SALE 
PRICE 
2ND TIRE" 

 p i u s m&y 
F.E.T. 
M U 
EACH 
A78-13 
$37 
$16 
JI 
C78-14 
$43 
$14 
2.o i | | 
E78-14 
$45 
$16 
2.26 .2 
F78-14 
$48 
<2o 
2.42 r n 
G78-14 
$52 
$21 
2.58 a 
HOT-14 
$55 
$24 
2.8° rn 
G78-15 
$53 
$21 
265 M 
H78-15 
$56 
$25 
2.88 r n 

Our best bias-ply glass-belted tire. 

2nd Road Guard with purchase of 1st tire at regular low price plus f.e.t. each and trade-in. 

WHITEWALLS $4 MORE LAC it 
.17 A 16.17* 15 WHITEWALLS AVAILABLE AT .SIMILAR .SAVINGS 
Save 4o% 
^ 
Steel-belted Grappler w hitew alls 

1 • 2 rugged steel belts between you and roads. 
• Wide, deep-biting tread. 
• Durable polyester body. 

Free M ounting. 

TUBELESS 
WHITEWALL 
SIZE 

A 78-13 

C 78-14 

E78-14 

F 78-14 

(J 78-14 

H 78-14 

G 7» iS 
H78-1 > 

L 78-15 

REGULAR 
PRICE 
EACH* 

H L fS2 
J II 
$58 
JKL 
JKL 
Mg 

$7o 

SALE 
PRICE 
EACH 

26.4o 
28.8o 
J I M . 
MM. 
M M . 
37.8o 

.36.6o 
39.6o 
. i m 

PLUS 
E.E.T. 
EACH 

1.84 

2.o1 
M L 
JLS. 
JJU 
JLS*. 
2.72 

2.94 
3,21 

Fit* m o il 
US car*. 

I 
BOSSES Save 
8.o7 

Powerful maintenance-free Go Getter 6o 
Needs no more water!. Up 
^ 
^ Q - to 536 cold crank amps 
< 
%JF & ascii. 
Reg. 47.95 mean all-weather start) 

Low es** installation. 
F it moat US car*. 
Save *9 
Smooth out the road with our Easy Streets. 
Oversized l3/ia* n £594 piston with 3- JI O pair sta g e v a lv in g Rag. 2S.SS for durability. 
Save now 

Wards dirt-trapping spin-on oil filter. 
Reduces engine Rag. low wear. Sizes for I 9 9 most US cars. \ 

Auto Service Specials. M onday thru Friday 
Wards brake installation 

* D R U M S 
88 
Part* A Labor 
Mo*! US cam. 
69 

2 DISC, 2 DRUMS 
88 
P art* A L abor 
Moat U S cam. 
94 

WHAT WE DC); InaUll shoes (pads) • He build wheel cvl. (cab re a a a rn drun rotors o b disc joke) e Add brake fluid a Road test 
C on disc jobs) e Inspect ma ck b e a rin g s e Ach p a 
[jobsI e Add brl 

 r cyi,, hardware and seal* • rh brake e T u rn 4 drum * ie face f 
H tS L Car shake? 
Slg" — 

 i* 

K 
L . 
W u 

GET OUR FRONT- 
END ALIGNMENT 
We correct ess- a a g g ter,camber.toe- 
J| in to *Pec* MOST 
CARS 
P a rts extra 

Filter 
•strs. o88 

Cam without ferk hum ** extra. 

Complete* chaahie lubrica­ tion and oil chance with up to 5 qts of 1oW3o oil. Helps asem * loriKer-weanrig par tt- 

Lube and oil change. i 

Ride cool. 
TUNE-UP YOUR 
AIRCONDITIONER 
6M 

PARTS 
EXTRA 

 it ll work better 
We cheek hoes* and hell. Freon ex tis. 

W O R N T IR E S ? R E P L A C E T H E M N O W W IT H C H A R G E -A L L 
W e’ll get you rolling right. 

WONDERLAND MALL 
MCCRELESS MALL 
WINDSOR PARK MAU 
F rsd sfjrliitn irs Rd. s t Loop 41o 
Sa. N o w B r a u n f e ls ai Say the hmm 
I n SS N o r t h a t Vkalsaaa R oad 
Omn* S A M aalii S P M 4 * 4 , 
O pea C A M weal I P M dad? 
O pe* • A M s e a l • P M daS)r 

O p a* I A M a o o t » P JS , dady 
S A M s e a l t P M d e d r 

Meat import check asked 

U.S. Rep. Bob Krueger has co-sponsored legisla­ tion which he said Satur­ day will benefit both the producers and consumers of meat. 
The legislation would stregthen the present lax laws on the inspection of foreign meat and require imported meat to be so labeled, the 
New 
Braunfels congressman said. 
Krueger said it would not be possible to cut off the importation of meat or change the import quotas on meat. 
“ That would cause a whole set of problems to renegotiate tariffs and would be more difficult. I am for as much free trade as possible,” said 
Krueger. 
The inspection, 
Krueger said, would de­ crease im ports thus helping the American producers of cattle. 
The inspection calls for imported meat to simply meet the same standard inspection as American meat, he said. 
Spot check 
Currently, meat im ­ ported to the U.S. is at best only spot checked because it arrives frozen he said. 
The proposed legisla tion would require the internal organs of the animal inspected before entering this country and the foreign slaught­ erhouses would be sub­ ject to periodic inspec­ tion by American inspec­ tors. 
Krueger said at pre­ sent there are only IO in­ spectors worldwide to oversee the quality con­ trol on meat. 
Also all foreign meat sold in the U.S. would have to be labeled as meat from another country. “ We require made in Hong Hong la- ibels on other things, so we should with meat,” he said. 
“ We set safety stan­ dards for children’s toys imported here so we should be able to set health standards for meat.*’ 
This requiring foreign meat to meet the same standard as American meat would benefit the consumer by ensuring safe meat, said Kruuger. 
Krueger’s comments on meat came in an in­ terview following a talk he gave before the Texas 
Alliance for Minority 
Engineers at Trinity 
University. 
Victim’s condition is fair 

A San Antonio police­ man who was shot twice during an incident in a 
Southeast 
Side lounge was listed in fair condi­ tion Saturday at Baptist 
Hospital. 
Patrolman Valentine 
D. Lopez Jr., 24. had been in critical condition at Baptist since the 
Thursday night shooting inside Cindy’s Lounge. 
14o7 S. Gevers St. 
Police said he had keen shot once in the chest and once in the abdomen with a 22 caliber pistol, 
A suspect in the shoot­ ing was apprehended by officers shortly after the shooting 
Jack Barber, 41, of 537 
Waywood Lane, remains rn Bexar County Jail in lieu of a $25o,ooo bond. 
Barber Is charged with attem pted capital murder. 

L l i f f u n l hold** 

C y p r u s la lk i* 

ATHENS. Greece — 
J ( lark M (’bfford. a spe­ cial envoy of President j ( arter, held his second 
I round of talks on Cyprus J j and Miter issues Satur* I 

I day with Green Foreign j 
Minister Dim a nos Ba- 

IM fHPflS 
895 

LOW EVERYDAY MONEY SAVER PRICE 
LISTERIA 
MOUTHWASH 

LO W E V E R Y D A Y M O N E Y S A V E R PR ICE 
3 LBS. OR MORE, FRESH 
GROUND BEEF 
59c 

LO W E V E R Y D A Y M O N E Y S A V E R PR IC E 

LOW E V E R Y D A Y MONEY S A V E R PR IC E 
HEAVY AGED BEEF 
ROUND STEAK 
$ 4 1 8 

 tow everyday m o n e y sa ve r p r i c e 
A L L V A R I E T I E S 
FOX DELUXE PIZZA 

Ao»22ie 

Uaflfty 

 ii 

 t op i 
U.S.D.A. CHOICt bi.. 
THE CHOICE IS YOURS ONLY AFTER THE GOVERNMENT 
GRADERS WITH THE U.S. DEPARTMENT OF AGRICULTURE IM- 
PARTIALLY GRADE THE BEEF CHOICE AND HANDY ANDY 
BUYERS SELECT THE TOP CHOICE OF THE CHOICE GRADE TO 
■ 

BRING TO YOU THE FINEST OF THE GRADE. 
OUR BUYERS ARE PARTIAL — ITS JUST ONE OF THE LITTLE 

THINGS WE DO THAT MEAN SO MUCH TO YOU. 
DON'T ACCEPT A SUBSTITUTE FOR THE GOVERNMENT GRAD 
ING SYSTEMI SHOP HANDY ANDY WHERE WE FEATUR 
CHOICE BEEF — YOU KNOW WHAT YOUR BUYING . . . YO 

— ow WHAT YOUR GOING TO SERVI. 

M eadow W ood North features 4-bedroom home at easy terms 

SCHAEFER hom es in D evonshire live up to b u ildin g-developin g firm ’s slogan 
Homes in Devonshire boast Schaefer quality 
• 

P ro s p e c tiv e hom e buyers shopping for new hom es in n o rth ern San 
Antonio have discovered 
D evonshire as an ideal com m unity centered a r ­ ound families and family life. 
Devonshire, located off 
San Pedro Avenue across from B lossom A thletic 
Center, not only 1> asts a prestige location but also is the only subdivision, with homes priced from the mid $3os to the mid 
$5os, in this highly desir­ able quadrant of San An­ tonio. 
Affordable 
The benefits of owning a 
S c h a e fe r hom e in 
D evonshire a re n u m e r­ ous. Aside from the ideal location with beautiful, tree-studded lots, home- b u y e rs a r e g e ttin g a quality home, affordable1 p ric e d , an d an in v e s t­ ment in the future. 
“ Not only will a family receive a lot of home for th e ir m onev in 

D e v o n s h ire ," 
Cleat 
Crain, vice president of sales, exp lain ed , " b u t, when it comes time to file federal incom e tax, fa­ m ilie s who own th e ir home have a tax shelter, while those families in an ap artm en t have a stack of rent receipts and no write-off.” 
Bill Boyce, area sales m a n a g e r, ad d ed th a t most families have found 
Schaefer hom es perfect solutions to the problems of sp iralin g a p a rtm e n t rents and are anxious to own homes of their own. 
As one young couple put it, “ We didn't grow up in a p a r t m e n t s ’ and d o n 't w an t our c h ild re n to, e ith e r . 
With a new 
Schaefer hom e, we can have room to grow and a tax break ” 
" S c h a efer is offering families opportunities to get out of th e ir a p a r t ­ ments and own their own h o m e s ." 
Boyce said . 
" U n til now. m any fam ilies have felt they 

 had no alternative but to continue to rent because of skyrocketing costs of purchasing new homes, but Schaefer is making it possible for them to pur­ chase th e ir own hom es and receive extras at the sam e tim e!” 
While m ore and m ore builders have cut down their building program s and stripped down their p ro d u c ts . S c h a e fe r is building quality hom es with hidden values, lux­ u rio u s e x t r a s and e n ­ ergy-saving features, all at an a ffo rd a b le p rice and with special financ­ ing. 
S chaefer hom es offer outstanding design and decorator features, such as garden atriu m s, sun­ ken living areas, vaulted ceilings, fireplaces and even lofts that can double as an e x tra b ed ro o m , study or hobby center. 
And the quality w ork­ m a n s h ip is ev id en t throughout any Schaefer home: the hand-laid cer­ 

 am ic tile, th e colonial h a n d c ra fte d m o ld in g 
(not stained, but p ain t­ ed), the m arble vanities, the abundant wall fabric, the handle sets on doors and the f u r n it u r e - f in ­ ished cabinetry. All extra 
Schaefer features m ake your hom e look b e tte r and last longer. 
T h u s, the S c h a e fe r concept: “ We’re building homes you’ll want to come home to.” Quality built, afford ably priced homes show an astound­ ing am ount of im a g in a ­ tion and forethought on the part of the builder. 
Schaefer homes in De­ vonshire are priced from 
$37,ooo to 
$55,ooo. 
Schaefer is also building in Northern Hills, where homes are available from 
$37,ooo to 
$65,ooo. 
Schaefer models are open from IO a rn. until dusk. 
Financing is the best VA and conventional in town. including a VA rate of 8 p er c en t a n d . c o n v e n ­ tional, per cent. 

Meadow Wood North and 
Coates Development Co. have a very special offer this weekend as a new four-bed room home with low 7% per cent VA financ­ ing. 
This four-bedroom, two-bath home at 14334 Modest a Place Us value-priced at $36,75o with low 
7:<j per cent YA financing avai­ lable. That m eans monthly pay­ m e n ts of only $3)3. based on 
3o-year financing at 7:Vt per cent with no down payment. 
Hare discovery 
Nowhere else can you find a luxury four-bedroom home at such a low price! 

This home features an extra s p a c io u s single, liv in g area. 
L uxury c a r p e t in g and a f ir e ­ place add warmth to this center of family activity. 
The master suite, also carpet­ ed, features, a roomy walk-in c lo s e t and p riv a te bath with c e r a m ic tile tub. Each of the other th re e b e d r o o m s have plenty of closet space, too. 
Situated on a professionally landscaped corner lot, one side is already privacy fenced. 
Living in Meadow Wood North is living next door to nature at its finest. M cA llister P ark, a game preserve, offers hike and bike trails, picnic and camping facilities. 

Shopping centers and country c lu b s are inst five m in u t e s away. The North Expressway, under construction, is a short 
IP i miles. Preferred North East 
District schools serve the youngsters of the community. 
Y o u ’ll find other new three- and fo u r-b e d r o o m h o m e s in 
M eadow Wood N orth. P r ic e s start at $34,ooo. All ty p e s of financing are available. On VA loans, no down payment and no closing c o s ts are required. 
New h o m e s are open daily until dusk 
Drive n o r th on San 
Pedro Avenue to Bitters Hoad and turn right. Then left on 
•Jones-Maltsberger and proceed to Meadow Wood North. 

 v b t .V ' 

M EA D O W W O O D NO RTH has furnished m odel and sales office fo r Coates hom es 

J 

/9 

\ 

NEW HOMES 
TOWNHOMES 
APARTMENTS ipr 
San Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS 
Sunday February 2o 1977 
Page 

J 

^ OF LIFESTYLES ^ 

COMMUNITIES 
FOR ALL KINDS 

\Y _ m ° LARGEST CLASSIFIED AND REAL ESTATE SECTION IN SOUTH TEXAS FOR MORE THAN IOO YEARS <> I 

C L A S S IF IC D IS M A Y 
CLASSIFIED D i m AV 
CLASSIFIED D ISPLA Y 
CLASSIFIED D ISPLAY 
CLASSIFIED DISPLAY' 
CLASSIFIED D IS PLA Y 
CIA H i e ISO D tsPLA v 

N 
E 
T H E A T E R 
NORTHWEST... 
NO CITY 
; - 
; v 
4 
% 
M 
IbMI iriWBf 
PLT 
• * 
Iv it 
J 
I, v . ?. u 
: ■ 
■ “ 
***#■* 
■ « 
4 
I m m mm | | p 
| | | 
Briar wick I TAXES! 

— 
~ 
^ 
^ 
^ 
^ 
A A 
I l l I I 
I 
------- 
---------------rn JL 
J 
" I— 
.7 
■ 
Q n | , | K A 
$3o,ooo to $43tOOO 

AVENUE OF FLAGS 
IIH royal crest homes 

 b r2 
A fr brkfst 
-----1 liv f’F rid ’ 

|* 
111 Wt FI 

 br 3 

HHS 

 entry 
V 

 form al dine 

 util 

L_ $358/mo 

 r n 

 r n 

•Cash p rie r 117.95o No down p*y- m*n< pnd no closing costs 
VA m ortgage $37,95o. 35o equal monthly principle and Intarval pay­ ments of $275 oo for 3o yaam at 
*% Annual Porcantaga Rata. 
Principal and Intarast 
$275 OO 
Taias (Co . Stata. S c M 
53 OO 
(NoO City Taaas 
.. 
-o- 
Insuranca . 
19 OO 
TOTAL MO PAYMENT 
$ )5 t OO fat 

Split bedroom plan for privacy • Fireplace 
• Cathedral ceilings • Two full tile baths 
• Utility room with washer-dryer hookups 
• Two-car finished garage • Complete pri­ vacy fencing • Patio and landscaping 

NO DOWN A NO CLOSING COSTS, VA 
NO CITY TAXES MEANS LOWER 
MONTHLY PAYMENTS 

Northside School District • Minutes to 
UTSA, USAA, South Texas Medical Center 
• Easy access to expressways • Near beau­ tiful Texas Hill Country. Furnished models open daily until 8 p.m. Take Bandera Rd. 
3 Vi rob north of N.W. Loop 41o and turn right at the Wildwood sign. 

Ph. 681 3o2o 

M W W 

X 

X 
CTS Ray E llison 

L i ,—ii K P i t a o S 

CLASSIFIID DI SF LAV 
CLA SSirilD D IS M A Y 
•ganwBrMWPiT 
C l ASSI FMD D ISM AY 

 f 
Enjoy 

 f Hill Country^ 
Living. . . 

 in Northw est San Antonio in beautiful O a k Creek. 
Our prem ium homes ra n g e from $ 4 8 ,5 o o to 
$ 9 o ,o o o on la rg e w ood­ e d homesites. Custom ized homes a v a ila b le fo r im­ m ediate move-in. 
Please visit our professionally d ecorate d models tod ayl 
Furnished 
Models Open 
, 
Daily 
J 
\ 
684-3112 y 

SOUTH TI 
MEDICAL 
CENTER : 

LEON 
VALLEY 

O II 
C H II 

.ACKLAND 
KELLY 
AES 
A M 
%rn. a* .* .2 
.it 
S . .it.it. a. .-a ■ 
> a. v a. a 

EMA r EMO 

CO O S IMO 
EMA E M M 

I O O I MVO 

6 8 1 - 1 1 1 1 

I Sum* i,m I uh E.W I 
« u* 

6 5 6 - 5 4 7 4 

I I I 
E S I I H 

 for home parades 

Twin Creek and Wood- stone. two Homecraft 
Corp. communities, will be sites for parades of new homes this weekend. 
The northeastern com­ munity of Woodstone will feature five fully fur­ nished. professionally decorated model homes. 
Twin Creek, located in northwestern 
Bexar 
County, will have six such models on display. 
Woodstone 
Easy financing terms on Homecraft houses in 
Woodstone and Twin 
Creek will be among the building-developing firm ’s highlights for home hunters this wee­ kend. The interest rate for VA home loans is as low as 8 per cent. Other advantageous VA terms 

 cu m w p B is m e r 

 here include a total move-in cost of only Si to veterans who qualify. 
Homecraft takes great pride in its ability to in­ troduce a series of new homes priced so low that a sharp contrast to prices of other builders’ houses in Woodstone is at once noticeable. 
Some of the other bull- dere’ homes in this pres­ tigious community fall within a price range starting at about $4o,ooo. 
Hom ecraft’s houses, however, include a series of all-masonry homes priced from as low as 
$3o,95o. 
Luxury features of Ho­ mecraft houses are dis­ played In the models in 
Woodstone. They include appointments like wood- burning fireplaces. 
C L A iiitM O D ISM A Y 

 boxed windows, wooden cabinets, fine carpeting, color-coordinated wallco­ verings and all-electric kitchens with dish­ washers, disposers and 
Magic Chef ranges with continous-clean ovens. 
Conventional financing terms on 
Homecraft houses in Woodstone also are offered for non-ve­ terans or veterans who don’t wish to use their 
VA home loan privileges at this time. 
The community of 
Woodstone is exciting in a number of different ways. Homes are built on oversized lots with many trees. All lots front on paved streets with con­ crete curbs. 
Under­ ground utility lines eli­ minate unsightly poles and lines that would mar 
CLASSIE HD D ISM AY 

 the natural beauty of the serenity and rolling ter­ rain. 
Woodstone, near nu­ merous destination points and . within the highly rated North East 
School District, is most easily reached bv exiting from W E. IU 35 to Jud­ son Road, proceeding west toward 
Nacog­ doches Road and follow­ ing signs which lead the way to the community's 
Homecraft houses. 
Twin Creek 
Professional planning by Homecraft Corp. has made Twin Creek one of the fastest growing com­ munities in the San An­ tonio area. 
The northwestern Bex­ ar County development offers the kind of homes modern fam ilies are 
ClAMIHtB WIFLAV-------------- 

TWIN CREEK, W oodstone communities featuring Homecraft Corp.’s models today 

G ra cio u s JO iving ^ Begins 'W H R 
Q a rc fu l 

Another M ike Kinder original in Oak Creek 
Northwest. 

From *79,5oo to *11 5,ooo 

1o9o2 W ild Grape 

 family Room 
* Hook Stopt*#* 
164 • ?» 

/ . 

• 3, 4 & 5 bedrooms with split arrangements 

• 3 & 4 bath designs 

• Wet bars and Ceiling fans 

 large oaks—Horseshoes Drives 

Beamed Cathedral Ceilings 

• Microwaves—Continuous Clean Ovens 

• Will Trode or Custom Build 

• 9 Models Open Daily 
696-833o 

I mile out Vance Jackson from Loop 4 1o 
I® 
Heating 
Cooling 
...a name you can feel comfortable with. 

 looking for today and can afford. 
Twin Creek, now con­ sidered one fo the estab­ lished neighborhoods by 
San Antonians, has ac­ quired a good popuIus since it opened. 
Streets in the neigh­ borhood necessitate slow- traffic, and house exteriors along each create an impressive blending of both colors and styles. It was all planned that way. 
The community also features its own private clubhouse It offers green, fenced tennis courts lighted at nights. Other recreational facilities include a swimming pool, wading pool, club­ house with equipped kit­ chen and a playground for youngsters. 
Although surrounded by nature, Twin Creek also has a location of ut­ most convenience. Here deer are seen running or feeding and city noises never are heard, even though the thoroughfare 
Bandera Road is just a mile away; NAV. Loop 
41o. one mile more. 
Of course, no city taxes apply to home payments made by Tw in ( reek re­ sidents. 
Located in the pre­ ferred Northsidc School 
Dirict.Twin ( reek is also close to UTS A. US AA, 
South Texas Medical 
Center, Southwest Re­ search Institute and Kel­ ly and Lackland AFBs. 
Twin Creek is most ea­ sily reached by driving north of NAV. Loop 41o on 
Bandera Road and turn­ ing west onto Grissom 
Road (EM 471). 

 r tlA S tM M O O H K A Y 
* 

The Affordable 
Home 

N.W . SAN A N T O N IO ’S 

FINEST CO M M U N ITY 

TWIN CHEEK 

ESCAPE 
THE 
RENT RUT! 

And Enjoy Outstanding 

Tax Advantages That 
Accompany New Home 

Ownership! 

N.E. SAN A N T O N IO ’S 

BIGGEST HO M E VALUES 

San Antonio EXPRESS-NEW S— Sunday February 2o 1977 
Homecraft areas choose two sites 

BEDROOM 
U H L L 
FAMILY 

2 
CAR OARAGE 

LIVING 

BREAKFAST 

DINING 

’Price varies according lo neighborhood. 

HutldtttM nom e* To C om f Hom e To' 

Four bedrooms, two baths, and a w ood-burning fireplace for only 
$42,ooo? That’s right! Schaefer is designing and building quality homes, with special features in beautiful neighborhoods and best of all they’re affordable! 
Living Area 
A living area the entire family can enjoy, with plush deep pile 

M ASTER 
BEDROOM 

 carpeting, and complete with wood-burning fireplace . . . an area truly designed for living and entertaining. 
Patio 
Emphasis on indoor/outdoor liv­ ing with outdoor patio viewed from the Living area through sliding glass doors. A true plant lover s dream. 
Storage Space Galore! 
A separate storage area in a double garage . . . a great place to store your bicycles, cars, boats and all the other stuff you never seem to have room for. 

BEDROOM 

 i/\i<iii|\umn 

And When We Say Affordable 
We Mean It! 
I Special VA , FH A and Conven- 
I tional financing. Available in 
! three distinctive subdivisions, j Just check the map to find the 
; one that suits you. Furnished models open daily. 

Northern H ills 654-1211 
$37,ooo to $65,ooo 
North East School District 

Devonshire 494-3588 
$37,ooo to $55,(MKI 
North East School District 

BEDROOM 
PATIO 

$42,ooo* 
$1.oo Toto! Movt-ln V.A. or $45o Total Mava-ln Conventional On Saloctod Model* This Weak tnd Only. 

NORTHWEST SAN ANTO N IO 
NORTHEAST SAN ANTO N IO 

PLAN # 2 o 4 

* 
Spacious fireplace and m antle 
A in tra spacious 

 liv in g fa m ily area A Twin slid m g doors to w rap arou n d p atio » Se rve thru kitchen A 

Bom window a t dinette 
A 

M a s te r b e d ro o m with dress­ ing room ond sliding glass doors A Two full ce ra m ic tile baths A fu rn itu re finished cabinetry A 1oo% brick e x te rio r A fu ll energy-saving features A OVFR- 
E N G IN fE P IN G AIR # 
/ % g m 
F A 
C O N D IT IO N IN G 
* 
J 
S f 
] 

O N E LEFT A T 
W 
V 
/ f 
J 
V S 

Beautiful new hom e in 

W oods tone on landscap 

 e d corner lot. 3 / 2 / 2 a ll 

 brick. Deluxe electric kit­ 

 chen. O ther features in­ 

 clude central heat and 

 air. Tremendous value a t only $ 3 4 ,9 5 o . In N o rth east 

San 
Antonio 

 location. 
O ther 

 plans ava ila b le 

 from $ 2 9 ,o o o 
*3 4 , 9 5 o 

#231 

San Antonio EXPRESS-NEW S— Sunday February 2o 1977 

Country living turns 
Tanglewood lifestyle 

This weekend many families will drive through beautiful wooded countryside to visit Ray 
Ellison's Tanglewood, where country living is transformed from a weekend excursion to a daily lifestyle in the desirable northwestern quadrant of San 
Antonio. 
Located within easy driving distance of the neighboring UTSA campus, the im p o sin g USAA c o m p le x and the splendid medical facilities of the South 
Texas Medical ( enter, Tanglewood is at the heart of the dynamic movement m a r k in g San A n to n io 's th r u s tin g growth northwest. 

CLASiiFitb W i n i r 

At the sam e time, Tanglewood offers electric ranges; dishwashers and dis- the p e a c e fu l s e r e n ity of c a r e f r e e posal units; plus stainless steel sinks country living amid gracious oaks and and fixtures all combine to allow kit- rolling landscapes. ellen chores to be performed vv itll more 
Innovative, contemporary designs by jun aiui joss fatigue. 
Ray 
E lliso n a r c h it e c t s m a k e 
Although the benefits of Tanglewood 
T anglewood an interesting com bine- jiv in g are m a n y and v a ried for turn of three- and four-bedroom, one- housewives and mothers, children and and two-story homes beginning in the teenagers from the wooded subdivision low $4os, available with VA, FUA and enjoy ou tstan d in g ed u cation a l faci- conventional financing. liti«*s of the Northside School District, 
'replaces featured in m ost plans p r o v id in g in t e r e s tin g and d iv e r s e bring cra ck lin g w arm th and ru stic social program s and extracurricular glamor to crisp Tanglewood evenings, activities for voting people of all ages. . 
But tho rustic charm is m ixed with contem porary convenience in beauti­ ful. functional kitchens that transform c o o k in g c h o r e s into c u lin a r y adventures. Rich, handcrafted wood cabinetry; self-cleaning, double-oven 

R ay Ellison's T a n g lew o o d offers beautiful hom es 

 in exquisxtely lan d sca p e d settings in the grow ing 

 northwestern q u adran t of the city, with easy a c ­ 

 cess to m ajor arteries and expressw ays. 
For weekend or evening recreation iii the great T a n glew oo d ou td oo rs, eotheque dancing and unique cuisine tennis courts and sw im m ing pool are abound in exciting northwestern San nearby. F or those w h ose en tertain - 
Antonio, with the most popular spots ment tastes lean to the night life, dis- located univ m in u te s aw ay v ia ex 
CLASSIFIED O IS M A Y ' 
CLASSIFIED DISPLAY 
CLASSIFIED DISPLAY 
CLASSIFIED DISPLAY 
C LA SSIF IED D IS P L A Y 

 pressw av s 
To reach the Tanglewood sales office where professional and courteous Uav 
Ellison representatives are readv to 

C LA S SIF IE D D IS P L A Y c l a s s i f i e d d i s p l a y 

 assist von. dr iv e oui N \\ til lh [wist 
\ \V 
Loop -IHI to De Z ava la R oad and billow ii west until you re a c h th e d i s ­ tinctive T an g lew o o d e n t r a n c e 

CLASSIFIED DISPLAY 
This is 
Great Yea lip 

New Heme! 

• 
• 
• 
All ever town 
Camelot 

Northeast -655-4123 

• • 
* * 
*iOikltOood 

Northwest - 681-3o2o 

Siqleuiood 

Northwest - 696-817o 

* 

And it*s net Seine te get any better! 

THE WALL STREET JOURNAL REPORTED RECENTLY THAT “THERE IS GOING TO BE A HOUSING BOOM IN 
1977 ... BUT THE BOOM WILL BE GOOD NEWS ONLY FOR THE RELATIVELY AFFLUENT BUYER. THE 
PREDICTED SHARPLY HIGHER PRICES OF NEW HOMES THIS YEAR INDICATE THAT MOST BUILDERS APPEAR 
TO BE WRITING OFF LOW-INCOME AND FIRST-TIME BUYERS.” PARADE S LLOYD SHEARER WROTE: “THE 
AMERICAN DREAM OF OWNING A HOME IS RAPIDLY GROWING FAINT . . .“ THERE'S NO SHORTAGE OF 
GLOOM AND DOOM PREDICTIONS. 
Pessimistic forecasts are based on rising costs of land and lumber, increased labor costs and higher interest rates that keep edging upwards, along with escalating energy costs. 
BUT SAN ANTONIANS OF MODERATE INCOME ARE. BUYING. 
THEY’RE INVESTING IN RAY ELLISON HOMES AT ROUGHLY DOUBLE LAST YEAR'S RATE, DESPITE THE 
GLOOM AND DOOM FORECASTS. THEY KNOW SOMETHING THE GLOOM AND DOOMERS DON’T REALIZE. 
RAY ELLISON’S REPUTATION IS LARGELY RESPONSIBLE FOR BUYER-CONFIDENCE. 
San Antonians know that Ray Ellison isn’t “writing off low income and first time buyers,” and that he isn t preoccupied solely with the “affluent buyer.” 
RAY ELLISON HAS MASTERED THE ART OF VOLUME BUILDING. 

San Antonians know that over the years Ray Ellison has built a management team that knows how to apply the very latest in construction techniques and methodology, from design through slab and final. People know that the 
Ellison team takes full advantage of volume purchasing strategies applied to building materials and supplies; they know, too, that the Ellison financial management team can achieve the most favorable interest rates and terms available for the home buyer. They know that Ellison Customer Service is a commitment in good faith. Also, the word is out that the Ray Ellison energy package is a real energy saver, and not a piece of “fluff’ merchandising 

A WORD OF CAUTION. 

THE MOST CAPABLE FINANCIAL MANAGEMENT IN THE WORLD WILL NOT STOP THE ECONOMIC PRESSURES 
DRIVING UP THE PRICES OF NEW HOMES TODAY. WHATEVER OUR EFFORTS, INTEREST RATES WILL RISE 
IN THE LONG RUN. EVEN THE MOST EFFICIENT ENERGY PACKAGE AVAILABLE WON T HOLD BACK RATE 
INCREASES APPLIED TO SCARCE ENERGY RESOURCES. ALSO REST ASSURED THAT COSTS OF LUMBER AND 
OTHER BUILDING MATERIALS ARE NOT COMING DOWN. 
NOW MAY BE THE VERY BEST TIME FOR BUYING YOUR NEW HOME. 

Ifs a decision that only you can make. But when you take a first hand look at the Ellison homes being built today, you will see that Ray Ellison understands the economic situation and is doing something about it, in terms of quality and economy, 

RAY ELLISON UNDERSTANDS THE BOTTOM LINE. 

SO DO THE SAN ANTONIANS WHO ARE BUYING RAY ELLISON HOMES. THAT’S WHY THEY’RE BUYING, 
AND WHY THEY WON’T WAIT FOR ANOTHER GREAT YEAR. THEY KNOW THE TIME TO MAKE THEIR MOVE 
IS NOW. BEFORE THE POINT IS REACHED WHERE DEMAND EXCEEDS SUPPLY. 

SAN ANTONIANS KNOW THIS IS THE YEAR THEY WERE WAITING FOR U S T YEAR! 
E Bay Ellison Homes 

 north 

Northwest - 696-817o 

 f » f iou. Mouton 
BWOWU*** 

 heritage 
^ iin rn i 

Northwest - 673-4142 

V a HET-Hi 

Kelly/Lackland Area - 674-3575 

Homes by Morton/S.W. score huge S.A. success 

Page 
San Antonio EXPR ESS-N EW S— Sunray February JO T977 

Two different housing series by Morton / Southwest clearly tell how the building * develop­ ing firm b ec am e the favorite among San Antonians last year. 
Featured among three neighbor­ hoods. each series reveals that Morton 
/ Southwest does offer more* home for the money. 
Freedom, Success 
The two series are aptly named, too. 
Freedom Homes are called that be­ cause they, literally, set buyers “ free from rent” into a new world of ho­ me ownership. Success Homes are so named for the series' unique features that would make the purchase of any a sure success. 
“ Affordability” is a key word for each series. 
Freedom 
Homes are 

CLASSIFIC DISPLAY 
—— 
CLASSIFIED DISPLAY 

 priced from as low as $28,5oo; Success. 
$34,ooo. No com parable homes are built for those kind of prices these days; so. Morton / Southwest has a valid claim to leadership in San An­ tonio area housing. 
Morton / Southwest has drawn de­ signs from ingenious floor plans which have revolutionized the market for new homes by making them more af­ fordable and more useful, square foot by square foot. Traffic patterns arc ideal. 
In this way, those who have had to rent actually sacrifice nothing at all when they buy and move into a new 
Freedom <>r Success home by Morton / 
Southwest. Iii fact, they gain all they’ve ever wanted! 
Freedom Homes go far beyond the 
“ basics,” too. They feature all the frill modern families have come to expect 

~~ 
CLASSIFIED OIW»1a 9 

 in a new home. This, indeed, is just one of the many reasons Freedom Homes have become so popular since their introduction in San Antonio. 
Their three* and four-bedroom plans include two complete baths generally sought by home buyers today. All this is figured into an attractively afforda­ ble package in a price range families today can afford. A Freedom home is no “ pearl of great price." ~ 
Pantry kitchens feature the rignt kind of appliances to lessen the work­ load for today’s homemaker. D ish­ washer. disposers, ranges, vent hoods and abundant cabinetry are provided in Freedom Homes. All appliances carry the reliable Magic Chef brand name. 
Other extras Morton / Southwest has made available in Freedom Homes are wall-to-wall closets with storage space eunwip w p u t-------------------- 

.. .f|r JLI p ■ 
| 
. 
... 

MORTON/SOUTHWEST means the buyers1 money's worth and more in four different areas 

 present more than the money’s worth. 
They include shag carpeting in liv­ ing rooms, master suites and hallways; privacy fences; woodburning firepla­ c e in family rooms; abundant cabin­ etry in pantry kitchens; compartment­ ed ceram ic baths; walk-in or wall-to-wall closets; handsome paneling; carefully chosen wall fa­ brics; and beamed cathedral ceilings. 
Buyers can choose the colors and pat­ terns for carpeting and wallcoverings. 
But the scope of Success Homes, of course, goes beyond their “ furnisha- blc” and useful space. The luxury ap­ pointments add much to how they erazipnb WWAY 

 extending all the way to the ceiling and 
Hiding doors of panel designs, finished two-car garages, utility and work ar­ eas. patios iod to by sliding glass doors, clever blends of masonry and wood for striking exteriors, carpeting of the buyers’ choices of colors and kinds, efficient Friedrich central air and heat system s and, in most, woodburning fireplaces. 
Success Homes vividly reveal that an enjoyable home remains the “ great 
American dream” and one that can be realized without great sacrifice. 
The large amounts of total square footage in the Success plans can be cuss nm bis# lav-------- 

 seen in spacious family rooms, separ­ ate dining areas, large family rooms and sizeable living rooms. In fact, even the patios for Success Homes are fa­ mily sized. 

Also encompassed are the large, de­ corative all-electric kitchens with space-saving built-ins like Magic Chef ranges, ovens, vent hoods, dish­ washers and stainless steel Waste King disposers. 

Each home in this ingeniously planned series also features a utility area and a finished two-car garage. 

---------------------------U A i m H D BIIK2V 
SAN ANTONIANS... the people who put us on top. 

MORTON / SOUTHWEST 

When MORTON/SOUTHWEST 

 was founded in 
1964, we 

 decided that the only way to 

 become the leading home 

 builder in San Antonio was to 

 establish rules and follow 

 them. 
Establishing the rules 

 was simple: 

FI to provide the best home value for 

 the largest number of people at the 

 lowest possible cost. 

FI to building, in accordance with the 

 highest professional standards, San 

Antonio’s best designed home 

 values in conveniently located and 

 well planned neighborhoods. 

□ to fulfill our responsibility for 

 quality, service, and neighborliness 

 with integrity. 

Following these rules wouldn’t have 

 been possible had we not proven that 

 we actually did give each customer his 
’’MONEYS WORTH” in a new home. 

WHAT DOES MONEYS WORTH 

MEAN? 

MORE living space for the dollar. 

MORE enjoyment extras. 

CONFIDENCE in your home purchase. 

BEING PROUD of your neighborhood. 

NO MORE rent increases and 

A BIG tax deduction 

AN ENERGY-EFFICIENT HOME. 

At Morton/Southwest our concern is for the way you live, anticipating your changing lifestyle. 
With such promises as these being kept, it’s no wonder we are the leaders. 
I 

Success B arnes 

 freedom 

Two 
$3o,325 

D Three and four bedrooms 

■ 2 car finished garage 

■ 2 full hand-set ceramic tile baths 

■ Rich shag carpeting 

■ Appliances — dishwasher, disposal, Magic Chef Range 

■ Wood-burning fireplaces (in most designs) 

■ Large closets and storage space 

■ Utility rooms (in most designs) 

 r ~ l 

- b r 3 br 2 

§ pot,ch 

I---- 

■ 3 & 4 Bedrooms 

■ 2 hand-crafted ceramic tile baths 

■ Wood-burning fireplaces 

■ 2-car Finished Garages 

■ Rich Shag Carpeting in Living 
Room, Master Suite, and Hallway 

■ All Electric Kitchen with Self­ cleaning Range 

■ Large family-size Patios 

■ Energy-efficient Friedrich air conditioning in attic to give you more space & quiet. 

■ Privacy fence 

F r le d r ld i 

CtMTNAL A»CO»«m ONMr. 

INSTALLED BY 
Of OB Of SMITH, INC. 
Of SAN ANTONIO 

President 

$41,825 

FURNISHED MODELS OPEN DAILY ’TIL DUSK 

VALLEY FORGE 
655-5931 

CIMARRON 
658-4793 

LAKESIDE 
648-3491 

NO PAYMENT ’TIL JUNE 
NOTHING DOWN VA 

8% VA FINANCING 
FHA A CONV. AVAILABLE 

MUCH MAT Tar ACCMOMC TO MICHAM HOOD ANO UXAIION 

OUM OF TOWN CALL 
COLLECT 

WAITE: F O BOX I BAIS 
SAN ANTONIO. TEXAS 
7 S 2 S 6 mortem southwest 

 we are our greatest competitor. 

 lf-' sr. 

A M K 

 r f 
SI 

I 

Son Antonio EXPRESS-NEW S— Sunday February 2o 1977 
 surrounds you in homes by Windsor 

W indsor Homes surrounds you with quality, luxury and value in giving homebuyers a new home they can be proud of. 
Homebuyers today are more aophia- ticated. They are more cost- and qua­ lity-conscious. Luxuries and conven­ iences also top the list of preferences. 
Follow much research 
A fter c a re fu lly r e s e a r c h in g the homebuying m arket, Windsor Homes is proud to introduce their innovative new homes. 
Quality surrounds you. High grade m aterials, superb craftsm anship and close attention to detail are evidence of 

CLASSIFIED DISPLAY 

 the quality construction. It is this qua­ lity construction that will be a p p re ­ ciated as time goes on. 
Luxuries have been included because of their importance to the homebuyer. 
The finest carpeting with extra pad­ ding. fireplaces indoor utility rooms, sunken living areas, huge m aster s u ite s and b e a m e d and c a th e d r a l ceilings are just a few of the elegant extras you'll find. Specially-sized Fod­ d ers c e n tr a l h ea t and a ir p ro v id e highly efficient air systems. Excellent 
Magic Chef appliances include range, hood, dishwasher and disposer. 
W indsor homes are located in the finest com m unities all over northern 

CLASSIFIED D ISP LA Y 
CLASSIFIED D ISP LA Y 

San Antonio. 
In Bristol Place, for example, new homes are priced affordable for young b udgets — from $26,4oo to $32,975. 
They are conveniently located n ea r 
Windsor Park Mall. Fort Sam Houston and downtown. 

B ria rw ick fea tu re s energ y -eco n o ­ mizing homes in a serene country set- ting o v erlo o k in g N o rth e rn H ills 
Country Club. P referred North East 
District schools and no city taxes are additional benefits of this community. 

N orthside D istrict schools and no city taxes are a couple of the benefits of h u n g iii Forrest Glen. Energy-saving 

--------------- CLASSIFtlD~&iSP'LAY-------------------- 

W IN D S O R H O M E S b u ild s h o u se s to m e e t d e sire s, n e e d s o f so p h istica te d b u y e rs 

 priced hollies homes and a community club are more reasons this northwestern community is so popular 

The G reat 

CLASSihib DISMAY 
N orthw est boast a new 

--------------- e i A ii i F i i e BISHiY-------- 

 homes on tree-filled lots; a community clubhouse with swimming pool. tennis and basketball courts; and excellent 
N orthside D istrict schools. No city taxes here m ake monthly paym ents 
------- n A8tmiB p|WAT 

 lower than com parably in other areas 
See the new W incisor homes today 
Model homes or inform ation offices are open until dark em iinib biiPiAv ~ 

B R IA R W IC K 

^ T H E G R E A T 
N O R T H W EST 

F O R R E ST I 
X G L E N 
'Based on purchase prim of $2 7,4oo with no down payment, 3Go equal monthly payments of S264, V A financing at 8 pet year. 
B R IST O L PLA C E 

 homes in c 

BUI LDI NG C R E A T I V E L Y 
FOR Y OU 
SURROUNDING 

Briarwick 

1oo% Masonry, energy-saving homes are priced from $3o,225 to $34,6oo. 
That means monthly payments as low as $ 2 7 6 * a month. 
NO CITY TAXES 
NORTH EAST SCHOOLS 

'B ased on purchase price of $3o,225 with no down payment, 36o equal m onthly payments of $276, V A financing .it 8 " . per year 
Bristol 
Place 

Where your monthly payments can be as low as $ 2 6 4 ' month! And that includes central heat and air, a fire­ place, exquisite carpeting and kitchen with dishwasher, disposer, range and vent hood. 

Bristol Place is conveniently located near Fort Sam, down downtown and Windsor Park Mall. $27,25o to $32,975. 
661 6266 

The Great Northwest 

This new community boasts beautiful new homes on tree-studded lots. A community clubhouse is complete with a swimming pool, tennis, and basketball courts. Excellent Northside schools and NO city taxes. 
$36,ooo to $51 ,'95o. 
Forrest 
Glen 

Open Daily 1o a.m. til Dusk 

FEDDERS 
V MAGIC CHEF 
SAN ANTONIO! 

Energy-saving homes and a prime northwest location are the big +++++'$ here. No city taxes, excellent Northside schools and a community club make Forrest Glen a preferred San Antonio neighborhood. $33,6oo to $38,475. 
684 7o47 

San Antonio E X P R E S S-N E W S— 
Sunday February 2o 1977 
Fair Oaks houses set on large lots 

Fair Oaks, situated in the s p e c t a c u la r 
Hill 
Country just 16 minutes northwest of San Antonio, offers country living just as you want it to be. 
It's a w orld of bird s and w ind r u stlin g through the trees; wild flowers; quail; dove; and the nights of deer grazing in the grassy m ead ow s and clearings. 
Some 5,ooo acres of the former Fair Ranch have been carefully developed to offer buyers tracts of prim e wooded elegan ce 

 for hom esites, from 2Vi to 15 acres. 
The rolling h ills and valleys of Fair Oaks span three counties — Bexar, 
Kendall and Comal — to present a choice of many hilltop sites with view s for m ile s. T he p ro ject in c o r p o r a te s h ik in g trails, bridle paths and w ell-p av ed roads for ideal biking conditions. 
Don 
S m ith 
Co. is b u ild in g o u tsta n d in g homes in Fair Oaks. De­ serving the spotlight is the formidable residence 
Manager at Hendry announced 

H endry I n v e s tm e n ts recently named Bill Mel- son as its g en e ra l p ro ­ perty manager. 
Mel son c a m e to the firm from Dallas, where he had been director of the m u lti - fa m ily d i ­ vision for a la r g e real estate development com ­ pany. He is a graduate of 
A b ilen e C h ristia n U n i­ versity and a candidate for the Certified Property 
M anager (C F M ) d e s i g ­ nation 
B a c k g ro u n d 
M elson ta u g h t and co a ch ed in C a lifo r n ia high sc h o o ls for two years before joining the 
N avy as an air in t e ll i­ gence officer. 
A fter the s e r v ic e , he m oved to T exa s, w here he worked both in Dallas and Houston as a m a r ­ keting representative for 
IBM 
Following a stint for a com puter software firm in Pittsburgh as regional m a r k e t in g m a n a g e r , 
Melson returned to D al­ las as vice president in ch a rg e of m a n a g e m e n t for MSW Properties. 
Melson is married and lives with his wife Mar- ise, 4 '/2-year-old son Mi­ ch a e l and d a u g h te r 
Amanda, IU , in San An­ tonio. 
In h is new p o sitio n , 
M elson w ill be o v e r se e ­ ing the m a n ag em en t of 
H endry 
I n v e s t m e n t s ’ 

C LA S SI " I O D U M A Y 

 properties. This San An­ tonio real estate develop­ m ent com pany, headed by .John L. Hendry III, ow ns shopp in g c e n te r s and a p a r tm e n t p r o ­ perties, including French 
Place ut IDA W. French 
Pl.; Spanish Keys and La 
Pisa, respectively at 115o and 8oo B a b c o c k Rd.; 
M a rip o sa , 7918 J o n e s- 
M a ltsb e r g e r lid .; and 
Sunray, 76oo Blanco Rd. 
A new phase of Sunray is currently under c o n ­ stru ctio n , a s w ell a s a m in i-s to r a g e d e v e lo p ­ ment conveniently locat­ ed at J a c k s o n - K e lle r 
Road and NAV. Loop 41o. 

 tucked into the graceful, five-acre hillside at 7645 
Pimlico. 
A v is it to th is two- storv, four-bedroom and three-bath country m an ­ or will im m ediately con­ vin ce you that “ h ig h ” living here has more to it than the altitude. 
A sweeping drive takes you up to the hillside to the en tran ce. Stone c o ­ lum ns across the entry porch tell you that you are in for som ething spe­ cial. This home has, by far. one of the m ost un­ ique floor p la n s e v er seen. 
Once inside, it becom es clear: an im p r e s s i v e foyer with large ceramic tile s u n d erfo o t; and a w a llc o v e r in g w ith foil background and trees in warm browns, deep golds and ta n s. F o r c o n v e n ­ ience, there is a cedar- lined co at c lo s e t w ith double louvered doors. 
F e a tu r e d on th is s e ­ cond sto r y is a la r g e , so ft-g o ld c a r p e te d Iiv - 

BARBARA MEADOR 
Honor given by Sue Weems 

 ing-dining room with ea- tehdral ceiling; m assive rock f ir e p la c e and hearth; double windows; and, on either side, slid­ ing glass doors to outside d eck s, one w ooded and the other a tile deck — both with rustic balcony r a ilin g s . T h e v ie w is indescribable! 
A serving bar opens to the b r ig h t g r e e n and w h ite k itch en w ith a n ­ e le c tr ic a p p lia n c e s, in ­ c lu d in g a c o u n te r to p griddle. Just a step away is the b r e a k fa s t room with wrap-around pciturc windows, a built-in china cabinet and sideboard. 
A well planned utility room with an abundance of sto r a g e lie s dow n a short hall. T his second- floor liv in g a r ea a lso c o n ta in s a g u e s t room with bath and a spacious m a s te r b ed r o o m w ith sliding glass doors to the tile d e c k , a w a ll of l i ­ brary shelves and a wall mural. The carpet is here as a crisp, lettuce-green velvet shag. 
A d r e ss in g room lie s beyond, with sand -ton e m a r b le v a n ity , d o u b le lavatories, dual m irrors and tw in “ h is -n -h e r s ” walk-in closets. A step- thru double doors leads to a bath that’s “ right out of 
H o lly w o o d .” 
T he c e n te r of a tten tio n fo ­ c u s e s on the su n k en gold-flecked tile tub, with a curved step, and giant tran sluscen t window. A se p a r a te sh o w e r room c o m p lete s this strik in g atmosphere. 
The lower story of the home la accessible by the carpeted stairway. This level hou ses the 16- by 
24-foot g am e room with 

Barbara Meador, Real­ to r -A s s o c ia te 
(L U . I., w a lk ed aw ay w ith top honors tw ice in 1976 as the Sue W eem s & A sso ­ cia tes / Key Group top lister and top producer. 
In ad d itio n . B arbara and her h u sb a n d , G a r­ rett. p rod u ced a new daughter, Mary Helen, in 
1976. The Meadows have one other daughter. Erin. 
15 

In p r e se n tin g a gold and diamond pin to Mrs 
M ead or. 
Sue 
W e e m s 

 a n u r a ; biskay 

REAL ESTATE LICENSE 

If you held a salesperson’s license on 
May 19, 1975 you may be eligible for a broker’s license with only 9o hours of approved education. We have special classes for you providing 3o hours in only five (5) days, or two weekends. 
The opportunity of a lifetime, but time is short! Call fqr information, catalog and schedule. 

American College of Real Estate, Inc. 

JIO I ASHOT / SAN AN I OMO ll TAS H J V / . I i W I lib ?!/* 

 com m ended her for her professionalism and con­ sistency in serving in the best interest of the client. 
P r e s e n t at th e open b o u se h o n o r in g 
M rs. 
Meador w ere Ray Rags* dill, president of the San 
Antonio Board of R e a l­ tors; S ta rr K e a lh o fe r , executive vice president; attorney Ralph Langley; 
Bob Jones, president of 
Key G rou p Inc.: G en e 
Wilson, president of the 
K e y Group Council; and the 19 Ri-altor-Associates ut Sue W eem s & A sso ­ ciates / Key Group. 
Mrs. Meador has been w ith th e a g e n c y s in c e 
1972 and is a graduate of the Heal Estate Institute. 
“ Our a s s o c ia t e s , a lt o ­ gether. represent a total of m ore than 175 years experience in serving the reality needs of San An­ tonians,'’ said 
Mrs 
Weems, “ and this is im ­ portant in s e l e c t i n g a professional to handle the m ajo r fa m ily life tim e p u rch ase. Our a s s o c ia ­ tion with the Key Group fu rth er e n h a n c e s our professionalism and o ffer s our c li e n t s the benefit of ev en greater real eatate expertise and expands the m arket for both the b u y e r and seller.’’ 
— (iiorw Bm iv 
- 

ONE GOOD WAY TO FIT QUALITY AND 
ECONOMY INTO ONE BEAUTIFUL 
PACKAGE. 

A tru e c u sto m b u ilt, e n e r g y s a v in g h o m e b y teVtonl^rajmelnik 

 fanl^rejmfllnjjf 

IS AU YOU NEED TO REMEMBER 

We feel the con­ ceptual design and function are the key factors nece­ ssary for our clients total satisfaction. No list of home styles or numbers or floor plans 
• we do recommend "how" to construct a truly custom built home. 
We build ovality, value, and beouty into your home. 

THE F IN E ST Q U A L IT Y O F : 

• KITCHEN APPLIANCES 
• CABINETRY 
• HARDWARE AND FIXTURES 
• BUILDING MATERIALS. A N D 
• ENERGY SA VING, ROTARY 
POWERED CENTRAL HEAT 
& AIR C O N D IT IO N IN G 

• COMFORT CO N DITIO NED 
BY FEDDERS 

MARKETED BY BILLY FELLOWS A 
ASSOCIATES. PHONE 69o-922o.1 
AGENT— -BOB STARK 
RHONE 492-2B66 

 its rock fireplace and re­ c e s s e d w ood s to r a g e , shuttered w in dow s and slid in g g la ss doors to a p e b b le -fin is h p atio. A weathered-wood wet bar, c o m p le te w ith b u ilt-in refrigerator and closet, provides an ideal setting for teen or adult gather­ ings. 
Two b ed ro o m s and a decorator bath com plete the low er l e v e l ’s floor plan. One of these large bedrooms features triple, a lm o st flo o r -to -c e ilin g w in d o w s, bu ilt-in d esk and b o o k s h e lv e s ; p lu s double closets. 
Residents will find an­ other big “ p lu s” for liv­ ing in Fair Oaks. First- rate r e c r e a tio n a l f a c i­ lities. in a rustic setting, wi l l be o ffere d by the 
Fair Oaks Racquet and 
S w im Club. F ig h t new ten n is co u rts are c o m ­ p lete. T he c o m p le x in ­ cludes a sw im m in g pool and rock clubhouse with a v ie w e r s ’ deck a c ro ss the front, shaded by the giant oaks of the area. 
F la n s are for M ike 
Moore to provide quality p r o fe s s io n a l te n n is in ­ struction at F air Oaks. 
He will be w orking c lo ­ se ly wi t h b u s in e s s partner, Bill O’Bryant of the 
M c F a r lin 
T e n n is 
Center, to provide year- round tennis programs. 
F air O aks p ro p er ties are within the boundaries of the Boerne School Dis­ trict. Fair Oaks may ea­ sily be reached by driv­ ing north of NAV. Ill IO. 
E xit at Leon S p r in g s , then proceed north on the a c c e s s road to C am p 
Stanley sign. Turn right and go 3>v m iles to the 
Fair Oaks office. 

Buz Sawyer, a veter­ an custom builder, takes pride in p re ­ senting such as this fou r-bedroom m a s­ terpiece with 3 ,2 o o sq. ft., kitchen with deluxe M a g ic C h ef built-ins, indirect lighting, marble van­ ities, fireplace and double car ga ra ge . 
Saw yer custom builds on lots w ithin a 
75-m ile radius. 

 ctA ii»ilD DUMAY 
-------- ------------CLASSIFIES BISKAY------------ 
CLASSIFIED DISPLAY 
- 
CLASStnib DUMAY.... 

A LITTLE BIRD4" 
SHOWED US... 

'an Oak Meadowlark 

-J*?: 
. .. The way the newest, most 
^ exciting area for living 
,t in the San Antonio area . . . 

Announcing Phase ll of O A K M E A D O W . , 
Dramatic I and 2 story floorplans, tea- 
*“ tunng 3,4 and 5 bedrooms. Large spacious homes among the trees .. . private, hidden 

)KiLfr 

 values .. . the homeowner will grow to appreciate. A Sitterle World, in a country atmosphere, only 6 minutes from the malls and Loop 41o. 

M e a d o w 
492-227o 

3, 4 and 5 Bedroom Homes from $54,6oo *V A , Conventional 
Financing • No City Taxes «N.E. Schools •Complete Recrea­ tional Facilities • Energy Saving Insulation «Cedar Roofs aLarge, 
Wooded, Landscaped Lots • Models Open Daily 

M A R K E T E D B V G U Y C H I P M A N C O M P A N Y R E A L T O R S 

CLASSlFMD DISPLAY 
C L A S S IF IC D ISP L A Y 

Great den, 
Neat Eubanks! 

D 
I’ 

 on't be surprised if someone tells you how reat your Great America ome looks. Because at 
Great America, we believe you can see the difference quality makes. 
In our garden kitchens, with handfinished cabinets and top quality appliances. In our roomy living areas, with vaulted cathedral ceilings, built-in bookcases and woodbum- mg fireplaces. In our lavish ceramic tile baths, with marble vanities and decorator appointments. 
Even in our generous mas­ ter suites, with private baths and walk-in closets. 
Everywhere you look, there is careful attention to design, styling, practicality and energy-efficiency. 
But that's only tne inside story. Outside, Great 
America homes are strikingly individualistic. Each home is designed for its particular homesite. Some are traditional, others reflect the informality of California styling. Some have soaring rooflines, cedar trim and 

 second-story balconies. 
Others are simple, yet ele­ gant. But all are equally suited to entertaining and day-to-day family living. 
You'll find these really great homes in San 
Antonio's finest com­ munities. In Northwest 
San Antonio, we have new homes in Park Forest, 
Hidden Creek, Forest Oak 
Estates, and now, 
Elm Creek. In North 
San Antonio, we have new homes in Thousand 
Oaks, The Oaks in 
San Pedro Hills, and 
Hidden Forest. Each community is minutes from excellent schools, near major shopping and employment centers. 
Pnces range from the upper-4o's to $1oo,ooo. 
Visit these fine communities today and look for our new red, white and blue signs. For additional informa­ tion on a particular community, call 69o-o3oo. The really great homes in San Antonio are Great America homes. Just ask any of our homeowners. 
GREAT AMERICA 
The really great homes in San Antonio. 

42o4 Gardendale, Suite 3o3, 69o-o3oo, Headquarters for Great America Construction Co. 

^tonio EXPRESS-NEWS—-Sunday February 2o 1977 
Poge 
7-C 

 ttftlWHB W mAL. cwwwpiHWur 
£ l a » S ifi« d OUTLAY 

NORTHCLIFF* Northcliffe East offer easier terms 
Northcliffe terms facilitated 

Northcliffe and rnorth- cliffo E a s t , two m a j o r p a r i s of the new $15o million, single-family re­ s i d e n t i a l / g o l f c o u r s e community off N.H. Ill 
35 just northeast of Hu­ bert us Road (E M 11o3), p r e s e n t s a t t r a c t i v e fin­ a n c in g t e r m s this w ee­ kend for its new homes. 
T h e h o m e s in the 
Northcliffe communities h a v e r e c e i v e d w i d e s ­ pread attention because of their inn ovative, e n ­ e r g y - s a v i n g p r o g r a m wh ich f e a t u r e s 
S n u g 
Homes. 
Fine features 
H o m e c r a f t ' s 
S n u g 
Home P r o gra m includes gray tint solar glass win­ d o w s, p r e c i s i o n - f i t t e d steel doors which are in­ sulated and have a refri­ g e r a t o r - t y p e m a g n e t i c w e a th e rs t rip , insulated foil-back sheathing and an all-electric a ir conditioning and heating system. 
In add it ion to H o m e ­ c r a f t ’ s e x c l u s i v e S n u g 
H o m e 
P r o g r a m , the 
Northcliffe homes have a o n e - y e a r w a r r a n t y on construction and all scr- vicable products. 
Northcliffe E a s t offers the new Option Program. in which buyers can pur­ c h a s e well built, b a si c 
H o m e c r a f t h o u s e s yet have the opportunities to add optional eq uipmen t a nd a p p l i a n c e s l a t e r , thus fitting their incomes and n e e d s tod ay and plans for tomorrow. 
N o r t h c l i f f e . p r ic e d from $37,25o to $44,95o. 

 offers three* and four-be- d r o o m m o d e l s with a choice of a variety of ex­ terior de sig n s — T r a d i ­ tional, M e d i t e r r a n e a n . 
F r e n c h and the like — a n d four floor p l a n s . 
E a c h h o m e f e a t u r e s a 
Woodburn m g firep la c e, a l l - b r i c k e x t e r i o r and s p a c i o u s k it chen with built-in cabinets and a n ­ e l e c t r i c a p p l i a n c e s . In addition, there is a prac­ tical p a n t r y and w a ­ s h e r / d r y e r a r e a with overhead built-in ca b in ­ ets adjacen t to the two- car garage. Four profes­ sion a lly d e c o r a t e d m o ­ dels are open here. 
Northcliffe East homes arc priced from $27,45o to 
$3o 95o The basic homo features an all-brick ex ­ t e r io r with a tw o-ca r g a r a g e , fin ished c a b i n ­ etry, boxed window seats a n d , in t h r e e - b e d r o o m plans, sliding glass patio doors. The buyer has the optio n, a c c o r d i n g to n e e d s and b u d g e t s , to add one or all of option features, such as carpet, wallpaper, over-sized pa­ tio, room-finished garage and appliances — range, dishwasher, garb age dis­ poser, air conditioner or vent hood and wall ca-, binct. F o r e x a m p l e s , if the homeowners did not s i s h to i n s ta l l d i s h ­ washers at move-in, they have hook-ups for i m m e ­ diate installation later. 
Northc liffe and North- cliffe East are located in the Schertz-! iholo-l'ni- v c rsa l City School D i s ­ tri ct. All s c h o o l s h a v e b u s s e r v i c e a sh o rt 

 eight-minute ride away. 
E m e r g e n c y s e r v i c e s to the entire community in­ clude police protection from the county and a volunteer s e n ice* pro\ ld- ed by the S ch ertz c o m ­ munity nearly 
VA financing, with a $1 ‘ total move-in, and conven­ tional loans, with only > per cent of the purchase price as down paymen t and low closing cost, are- a v a i l a b l e to b u y e r s in 
N o r t h c l i f f e a n d N o r t h ­ cliffe East. 
Construction on the $2 million recreational fa­ cility program is well under way. 
It includes three lighted, standard play tennis courts and a professional centre court surrounded by tourna­ ment bleachers. An ls- hole golf course, sw im ­ ming pool, wading pool and diving pool are to lit' 
Included as well. Comple­ tion on the multi-story. 
H.DOO-sq. ft clubhouse is scheduled for early April to coincide with play on the golf course 
Northcliffe and North­ cliffe 
E a s t are lo­ c a t e d 
22 m i l e s f rom downtown San Antonio via N E . Ill 35; e ig h t f rom New B r a u n f e l s . 
Walnut Shopping Center, 
G a t e w a y 
S h o p p i n g 
Center and Windsor Park 
Mall a r e all wi t hi n a 
15-minute drive from the communities, collective­ ly called Northcliffe 
To reach 
Northern Ie, take N E 
III 35 to the 
C ib o l o - H u h e r t u s R o a d exit and follow the signs to the community 

 n o r t h c l i f f e 
N O R T H C L I F F E 
Mj ii<i IBjflfc [ M M P 

■ 
' — 

13 FULLY DECORATED 

MODELS 

© 
_____ 
MAGIC CHEF 

 pcA fu ttm 

NORTHCLIFFE 

* 3 7 , 2 5 o t o * 4 4 , 9 5 o 
NEW 3 & 4 BEDROOM ALL BRICK HOMES 
659-o471 O R 625 -9 19 5 

— 
. 
NORTHCLIFFE EAST 

$ 2 7 , 4 5 o t o $ 3 6 , 9 5 o 
MEW 2, 3, * 4 BEDROOM HOMES 
WITH THE EXCLUSIVE NEW OPTION FEATURES. 
659-1161 OR 6 2 5 -7 5 6 6 

The Best O f everything . . . 

WITH A VIEW OF THE HILL COUNTRY, 
GOLF, 
TENNIS, 
SW IM M ING , 
TRI­ 
LEVEL COUNTRY CLUB and P O SI­ 
TIVELY THE M O ST HOM E BUY IN 
THE STATE OF TEXAS . . . A Com ­ munity of Tomorrow . . . Here 
Today . . . 

 rn p mm .... »■» m 

DIRECTIONS; 
Oriv« 
IM-35 
^ 
LO W CLOSING 
Nerd) 6.1 mf. po*t Leap 
5% 
DOWN - CONVENTIONAL 

16o4 te emit 11o1. fellow 
QUALITY • INTEGRITY • PRICE 

CONVENTIONAL MOVE 
AT 
NORTH CUFFE 

J 

San Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— Sunday February 2o 1977 
Oak Meadow enters phase 

W ildw ood, by Ray Ellison Homes, beckons “ back to the country” but offers splendid contem porary designs in a sophisticated setting 

 ideally located in the northwestern sector, on Bandera Road, outside the city. 
Wildwood placed in heart of all but said serene 

San Antonians who re ­ m e m b e r “ tho good old days” recall when B an ­ dera Road offered a se­ m i- w ild e rn e s s trip to dude ranches, tasty pit barbecue and S aturday dancing to heel-kicking country music. 
Today, Bandera Road still loads to all of those things, in abundance, but the wilderness has given away, to some extent, as m o d e rn sh o p p in g centers, restaurants and sp e c ia lty s to re s have sprung up on the way to 
Wildwood, o n e of the m ost p o p u la r d e v e l o p ­ ments in the northw es­ tern q u a d r a n t of San 
Antonio, by Texas* l a r ­ gest h om ebuilder. Ray 
Kllison Homes. 

Although Wildwood is readily accessible to the growing commercial fa­ cilities in the northwes­ tern quadrants such as 
UTS A. US A A and the 
South T e x a s Medical 
C e n te r, its h o m e s a r e outside the city limits, providing lower monthly payments on new home investments that range from the low $3os to the mid-$4os. 
Wildwood homes retain the w i l d e rn e s s touch, su rro u n d e d by tree-c o­ vered slopes and wooded horizon. F i r e p l a c e s in most Wildwood h o m e s recall the rustic touch of country living to bring warmth and cheer to the brisk evening air. 
Children and teenagers 

C U kiiifif6 N4KAY ttA M iH ib D ISM AY 

Q uality Homes' in a Country 
'oui inanity 
From 
55,ooo 
651-6237 

Ladshaw - Miller 
Development Co., Inc. 

 of Wildwood families at­ tend the excellent schools of the Northside School 
District, with educational pro g ram s that not only instill the “ three R V ’ but also offer rich and diverse ex tra cu rric u la r programs which em p h a­ size leadership and ini­ tiative. 

Wildwood kitchens are designed for beauty and functional convenience. 
All are fully eq u ip p ed with d i s h w a s h e r s ; d i s ­ posers; ranges with self­ cleaning ovens and vents; 
[dus fine q u a lity wood cabinets which typify the fine craftsmanship found throughout a Ray Ellison home. 

Of course, three- and four-bedroom homes in 
Wildwood come complete with tw o-ca r, finished garages and two baths. 
VA, FUA and c o n v e n ­ tional financing is avai­ lable. 

To rea ch Wildwood, drive out Bandera Road west until you sec the beautiful Wildwood en* traneevvay on your right 
— on Bristlecone. You'll find professional, c o u r­ teous Ray Ellison repre­ sentatives who will be de­ lighted to show you 
Wildwood’s beautifully furnished model homes. 

All-new Phase II of Oak 
Meadow is open for viewing this weekend. 
Phase II is the exciting new area that featu re s heavily wooded p r o ­ perties in the rolling hills just north of San Antonio out NAV. Military Hwy. 
Good variety 

This new addition to serene Oak Meadow pro­ vides an even g r e a t e r variety of living styles for buyers. The lots are large, with many hillside locations available. 
Twenty-five homes will be built in Phase II and ready for occupancy by late Spring — all with cedar roofs that seem to be a natural blend with the g r e e n e r y of the cedar- and oak-studded terrain 
S itte rle 
P r o p e r t i e s , builders in P hase ll of 
Oak M eadow, a r e p r e ­ se nting Pl im p r e s s i v e new floor plans, includ­ ing split levels as well as one- and two-story plans. 
Although b u ild i n g costs escalated in the last few years, S itterle has effectively kept its now home p rice s at a very reasonable level. Looking at the h o m e s a l re a d y c o n s tru c te d , one is amazed with tilt1 quality w o r k m a n s h i p , c a re fu l finishing detail and ele­ gant, decorator interiors, reflecting far m ore e x ­ pensive price tags than what is ac tually being asked by Sitterle. 
Interiors are sophisti­ cated, yet w arm , in a t ­ m o s p h e re . with wood- burning fireplaces, wet b a rs , eleg an t e n t r i e s , vaulted ceilings, custom cabinetry, full ce ra m ic baths and show era and bright kitchens featuring the finest e l e c t r i c a p ­ pliances. 
The e x t e r i o r s of 
Sitterle homes are 75 per cent masonry with cedar roofs, pebble-finish p a ­ tios and w a lk w a y s on la n d sca p ed lots w h e re the trees have been care­ fully p r e s e r v e d . 
The homes are placed on the properties so as to blend with th e e n v i r o n m e n t rather than distract. 
Oak 
M eadow is a 
“ m u s t ” for those who want to live in the country without the r e ­ sponsibilities of country living. 
Oak 
Meadow's prox- unity to nature — the 

 sounds of birds, the abundance of trees, the m e ad o w s of natu ral grasses and wiidflouers 
— give an e x p a n siv e feeling to modern living, yet residents are only six minutes away from N AV 
Loop 41o. major shopping malls, restaurants and a variety of entertainment 

In Oak Meadow itself, fine r e c r e a t i o n a l f a c i ­ lities a re a v a ila b le , including tennis courts, s w i m m i n g pool, c l u b ­ house and even a kiddie pool. 

 dlAIWFIHTBimAY 
XiAii/Utb bim AT 
NOW IS THE TIME 
TO BUY A NEW HOME 

Built 
Mother Xature 

FAIR OAKS . . . sprawling meadows, surging hilltops with views for miles, native grasses and gnarled oaks . . . as close as possible to the way Mother Nature intended it to be. 
Fair Oaks was once a historic ranch, but now welcomes you to its acres of country living. 

Th to 15 acre tracts, most with central water systems, offer buyers choice sites in Bexar, 
Kendall and Comal Counties, riding trails for horses, paved roads and the finest of recreational facilities at the Fair Oaks 
Racquet and Swim Club. 

Elegant homes, built by the Don Smith Company, are already available for viewing. Located lust 16 miles north of 
Wonderland near IH 1o, Fair Oaks is ideal country living .. . not far from the city. 

Obi<i<n b orn developer HUD Property 
Heport end read before *<gmrtg any thing. HUD neither approve* the in tu it p l the o ile r mg, nor lite value. 
• I any, of the property. 

V ip ! the Fair Oaks booth and ptde p rMen tattoo upper level. Central Park Mali 

D ie t/ Elkhorn Hd 
FAIR • 
OAKS 

 bailwood 
£ 
Camp e Stanley 

Leon 
Spring* 

Loop 16o4 
UTSA • 
Fair Oaks 
Don Smith Co. 
698 244o • 698 2832 

 cussiriip di sp la y 
U M iir r o BUTUT 
CIAJHHIB BISHAY- 
CLASSIFIIB DISPLAY 

Staffers at SABOR announced 

Two new m e m b e r s have joined the staff of the San Antonio Board of 
Realtors. 
They are Kathy Pi re ­ tina , who works in the 
Multiple Listing Service 
D e p a r t m e n t ; and Dee 
Gleinser, com mittee se­ c re ta r y and SABOR li­ brarian. 
Already on the SABOR staff are Jill Hartzheim, re c e p tio n i s t; 
Edith 
Baker, bookkeeper; Mer­ na Allen, assistant book- kepper; Nona Barnes, in ch a rg e of the MLS De­ p a r tm e n t; Nan P atto n , assistant in the MLS De­ p a r t m e n t ; and Becky 
Bowermaster, secretary and person in charge of the yearbook. 
Sandy Caillouette is of­ fice m a n a g e r ; 
S t a r r 
Kealhofer, executive vice president of SABOR 

 ciAisim p bttHAY----------- 

North Castle Hills 
For $42,ooo. 

The Peppertree 
8 4 5 ,o o o 

Sounds incredible, doesn’t it? Now you can live like you always said you would. In San Antonio’s most prestigious neighborhood, in a unique community with its own tennis courts and swimming pool. Live in your own single family patio-styled home. With a courtyard, walls of glass that wrap around, and your own privacy-walled backyard. 
Only a few left. Hurry out today. Summerhill 
Phase One is almost sold out. Pha.se Two is on its way. And prices like this won’t come your way again. Call your Realtor or the Guy Chipman 
Company at 344-3951 today. 

Get tomorrow’s 
$65,ooo+home for $54,95o in 
Oak Hollow Estates today. 

New home costs are on the rise again. And at the rate they’re going your hard earned dollar will buy less and less home as the years progress. But you can plan to hedge against that inflation by making your home investment in Oak Hollow Estates. 
Oak Hollow is a special project of Sitterle and 
Companies and is one of the best new home buys in 
San Antonio today at about $26.5o per square foot. 

And features? Check these: 
Energy saving insulation systems 
Brick or rock fireplaces 
Spacious family rooms 

Double finished garages" 
Cedar shingle roofs 
Tile baths 
_________ 
Luxurious carpeting throughout 

Northeast school district 
VA & Conventional financing. 

That s a lot of home for the money. So why wait? 
Visit Oak Hollow Estates today and begin your new home investment for a more secure future. 

 a 

Marketed exclusively by Deanie Owens 
Company. Realtors. 494-6842 or 349-51 15 

65,ooo 

J------ L 

■J-----r 

4 - 
... 
+4 i 
I- 

 q— f- 

4 

I— t— r 

1 - 4 

J— r 

43 OOO 

39,ooo 

X 

35.ooo 

197o-1971 1971-1972 1972-1973 1973-1974 1975-1976 1976-1977 
198o’s 

San Antonio E X PR ESS-N EW S— Sunday February 2 o 1 9 7 7 

... 
1-r 
I im I I T.I "rn r im 11! I ll iii - 
- * ' 
? 
- -=-■— -aa--------------- ----------- S— a— rn mmmmrnSlmm ■mn Mi ■mi ni. un 

^ i “ - • • rn rn m a ■ 
% rn © - 
— i i « 
: r . J- Y n B 111 111. x- -- 
JI?-' m um m um M 
1 
V I !!>>!>ii n i m i h U - i ill mum niiiiK 
^ 

Fabian homes built daringly 

•_ nun i 
o 
."'.Ti.” 'N 
■ ^ 
~ 
' ■ v. 
Y' * 
\ 

O AK HOLLOW ESTATES features Sitterle homes 

O a k H o l l o w s i t e 

 e n h a n c e s h o u s e s 

F. K. Properties Inc. is building contem porary homes with the goals of a customized variety and superior quality. 
The firm , owned by veteran custom builder 
Fabian K rajm alnik. is ready to show it has achieved these goals with homes in San Pedro 
Hills, Hidden Forest and 
Hidden Creek. 
F. K. homes are d a r­ ingly — but not foolishly 
— contemporary. Kraj- 

In the vicinity of San 
Pedro Hills is another, m ore recen t n eig h b o r­ hood with a distinctively different name. 
It’s called Oak Hbllow 
Estates, an evironmen- tally planned residential com m unity w here the buyer gets much more than just the stand ard fare found in tod ay ’s average home. 
Homes here are located on spacious, shaded 

 tracts with beautiful, old trees preserved by the 
Oak Hollow Estates de­ veloper, S itterle P r o ­ perties. 
The natural surround­ ings of 
Oak 
Hollow 
E states offer a unique atm osphere of country living, although the com­ munity is placed close to m ajor m alls and other shopping a re a s of the north central San Antonio vicinity. 

The lovely th re e -b e ­ droom , four-bedroom and even five-bedroom homes in Oak Hollow 
Estates have many cus­ tom-built features. Mar­ keted by Deanie Owens 
Co.. Realtors, the homes offer fireplaces, patios, cedar roofs, fam ily rooms and a revolution­ ary insulation system that conserves energy and saves money as well. 
Wood shingle roofs will outlast the usual roof on homes in the surprisingly m oderate price range. 
TotalWall insulation also provides energy savings. 
Attic space is filled with eight inches of blown-in insulation. 
Patios, sidewalks and driveways have a pebble concrete finish. To fit around the trees, many patios are of free form. 
Homes are designed with five bedrooms and two full baths to three bedrooms with baths, and all have linen and ham p er space in b a th ­ rooms. Handy built-in cabinets line the walls in the large utility rooms. 
Several homes have wet bars behind louvered doors. Built-in bookcases are a feature of many. 
Kitchens are a delight. 
Most have countertop rang es, double ovens, d ish w ashers and d is­ posers. 
Many of the homes have beamed ceilings. 
Closets are exception­ ally large. Wood paneling and sheetrock, in strik­ ing com binations, are used to finish tw o-car garages, some oversized. 
In garages can be found pull-down stairw ay s which lead to attics. 
Oak Hollow Estates re­ sidents have the use of 
Shadow Cliff Swim Club. 
Good shopping is in the immediate vicinity as the 
Brookhollow Shopping 
Center. 
Families with children will be glad to know Oak 
Hollow Estates is within the highly rated North 
East School District. 
Models are open here from IO a.m. until dark. 
Oak Hollow Estates is reached most easily by driving four miles north of NAV. Loop 41o via San 
Pedro Avenue, turning rig h t at Brookhollow 
Shopping Center and fob lowing 
Brookhollow 
Drive. 

CT 

SEEING IS BELIEVING 
3,2oo Sq. Ft. of Living Area 
With Double Garage 

Built on Your lot or Land 

(within 7 5 miles) 

*57,5oo 

4 Bedroom 
Family home 

Full masonry 

:— r ....... 

- 

BR. 
BR. 
BR. 
_ 

I 
HALL 
L 
.......... 

Upstairs 

MAGIC CHEF 

Down 

• Concrete foundation 
• Quality kiln dried lumber by 
Cino Lumber 
• Owens Corning fiberglass insulation 6 " - 3 W \ 
• Deluxe M agic Chef built-in kitchen 
• Friedrich central air conditioning by Harry Crosland 
• Covered patio 

W e have lots available 

• Quality carpet vinyl by Wilton 
Carpet Co. 
• Marble vanities 
• Tile tub and shower 
• Indirect lighting 
• Hate Class mirrors in baths 

Buz Sawyer 

494-2743 

 m aln ik ’s new concepts for custom izing homes are carefully studied for resultant practicality and comfort. The final result is, in fact, unique — even personalized. 
The recent firm is one of few' with which the buyer can deal directly with the builder himself. 
In planning for practi­ cality, F. K. uses both professional arch itects and the latest in energy- saving devices and 

 building materials. Dou- ble-paned windows, m i­ crowave ovens, highly rated insulation in walls and ceilings and power vents in attics are just part of the complete en­ ergy-saving package de­ livered in a home built by 
Krajmalnik. 
One aspiration 
Kraj­ malnik has in all his home plans is to make 
.wise use of floor space in separating sleeping and living areas. These plans 

F. K. PROPERTIES presents daringly different designs 

 include wet bars, built-in bookcases, woodburning fireplaces, sloped ceilings, customized ca­ binetry and sitting areas in master suites, annie of which have fireplaces 

C L I MOTTO BUTOXY" 

 and his-n-her closets. 
Custom builder K raj­ malnik has more than 15 years of experience to achieve these aspirations with. 
His marketing firm 
CUL UTT B P O H KA Y 

Billy Fellow s & Asso­ ciates. 

D irections to see a home by Fabian can be found inside his adver­ tisement in this section. 

Homes in Briarwick made more affordable 

You can be the star in 
B riarw ick. 
You will share the spotlight with spark lin g new hom es filled with the latest con­ veniences and luxuries. 
New homes in B ria r­ wick are priced from 
$3o,ooo to $43,ooo. They boast the latest energy- saving features. 

All luxuries 
Each Briarwick home has all the luxuries you look for in a new home. 
Exquisite carpeting, pro­ fessionally decorated in­ teriors and kitchens with dishwashers, disposers, ranges and vent hood. 

Many have fireplaces, indoor utility room s, sunken living areas and garden kitchens. 
Briarwick is served by the North E ast School 
District. The children at­ tend the preferred North 
East achools: Regency 
E lem en tary , Madison 
Middle and M acArthur 
High. 
Away from the noise and congestion of the ci­ ty, Briarwick is like liv­ ing in the country. It is nestled atop a lovely hill overlooking N orthern 
Hills Country Club. 
Yet, less than two minutes away, numerous 

DISMAY 

 shopping centers provide every convenience. Re­ creational facilities and community parks are al­ so nearby. 
No city taxes in Briar- wick m eans lower monthly payments than for a comparable home in another area. 
YA financing can be arranged with no down payment and no closing costs. Other types of fin­ ancing are also available. 
To reach B riarw ick, drive north of N.E. Loop 
41o on W etm ore Road, past 
Thousand 
Oaks 
Drive and follow the signs. Models are open daily. 

C LA SSIFIED 
^OMIFiltnniHXT' 

TUCKED AWAY 
AMONG THE TREES 
YET ONLY ONE 
MINUTE FROM IH-1o 
ADULT S FAMILY 
SECTIONS 
6 9 o - 1 7 o o 
49o9 WOOOSTONE 

I > - 
Sundance 
4615 GARDENDALE 
6 9 o - 8 3 2 o 
C H A N G IN G C O N C E P T S IN 
ADULT L IV IN G 

 a i - H i i 

The 

 v t o n i a n 

3939 Fredericksburg Id. 

I R S * , by 
□ life INVESTORS 

1-2-3 

Bedrooms 
APARTMENTS. 

9525 LORENE 
344-9888 

 y^AOKNiNT 

 h o m e s t y le a p a r m e n t 
L IV IN G 
4515 Gardendale 
6 9 1 - 1 o 4 4 

ERR A 

A lta 

JUHN & UNIURN 
IDEAL ION COUPltS 
AND ST UDE WTS 

 o i l MIKADO, 
APTS. 

Quia! Adult Apts. 

3 2 4 3 
N acogdoches 

9 
E h M A D R ID 
APARTMENTS. 

 r n 

6 5 6 - o 1 8 8 

• Fireplaces 
• ’'Complete'’ All electric kitchens 

• Washer-Dryer 
Connections 
• All Bills Paid 

6 9 6 - 2 8 4 6 
6111 Vance Jackson 

COUNTRY CLUB 
APARTM ENTS 

An ideal lo catio n 
N rxl to T u rtle G reek 
G olf Course* 
696-TOLK 
HI».'tO F airbus rn I trim 

 fix 

The Heritage 

Apartments 
I I different floor plans — 
All with patios 
Priced from $21 5 — All Bills Paid 
1543 Babcock 
341 -2228 

I 
A P A R TAUNTS 
All Bills Paid 

411 EVERIST 
8 2 8 - 5 3 3 o 

NOB 
HILL 
APARTMENTS 

Nob Hill Apartments off IH-1o 
7626 Callaghan Road/349-1217 

O FRENCH CHALE1 

1 6 3 o J A C K S O N K U H R 
THI ULTIMA TI AP ATU MI 
COMMUNITY 

3 4 4 - 4 6 1 6 

1o7o7IH IO West 
6 9 o - o o o 1 

 e 

W ith M eal Locations to 
Fit Your Needs 

M M M " you owe it to yourself to see our apartments. 
2554 Northeast Loop 41o 656-1222 

SOUTH SEA 
APARTMENTS 
LEISURE LIVING 
SUPER L O C A T IO N 

BIANCO AT JACKSON KEUH 
7543 SOUTH SU LANE 
341-625! 

T h e H K I T T A N Y 

A SOPHISTICATED ADULT COMMU 
NirY WITH A POOL IN EACH COURT- I 
YARD. HALE BLOCK OFF LOOP 41o 
NEAR NORTH STAR MALI. 

MO/ iONiS-MAlTSIIROiR 
341 -31 26 I 
I© 
N O R TH * A ST A R C A 
M erritt tPlaza 

® LA PLAZA APTS. 
“ T E N N IS W O R L D " 
• • A C Q O m A U . M A I TH, A N O ( S U C I U C U M 
• AMAT ANO IAMIIY MOTIONS 
• [ j j f i t t j * 'A N O O N FU A N ISM O A P A ! TININ! I 
• MOMMAS! KMOOI3/MN SOVICI 
• NO»!M St At ANO CINTI Al tilt NAU AHA 
11S N.W. LOOP 41o 
3 4 1 - 4 6 2 1 

© 
LINDA APTS. 
235 H O W A R D off 11OO N. M A IN 

I & 2 B E D R O O M S 
I blk. Main Bank, lubys, Expressway, 
Hospitals, Adults Only 

2 2 6 - 8 4 9 2 

© 
Wpniclienirr Square 
Apartm ent!* 

I, 2, 3 b e d r o o m apt?-. 

I <>m( turin lit Furl '•jut ami Hjiu!ul|ih 

1 1 1 ! A u stin Hwy. 
H 2 8 .H o .> 

© 

IX M F H 
M A PID 
A P L U M EXT* 
Pier 

1946 N. E. Loo© 41o 
UH Style bg 
(Harry Wuribach tut) 
Q U H MVESTORS 
826 2355 

L 

Apartment Community 
T.V. MONITORED SECURITY— GARDIN PATIOS 
LUXURIOUS U U ! ROOM— GYM A SAUNAS 
1-2-3 BDR 
I & 2 RATH 
$17o-27o (turn Add) UTILITIES Rd. 
2o11 BANDERA RO. 
434-4191 
Between Hillcrest A Callaghan 
A Bob R o m A»>o rtment Com m unity 

I 
(Country V illage 

A p artm e n t* 
( l, 2 ,3 bedroom !* 
I 'n ii-itilr Inin" fur familir* %>hu miller.land * jim- front 
81 lit ( .ountry \ illume 
828*5721 t x 
:-------------------------------------- 
W in d c r t* * ! A p a r ! u n til* 

6 56 -o 1 8 2 
8 83 5 W illim a n W ay 

I j r ^ r j i r i w l t I (Jim * . C u m m i n * ! I n W i m U n r 
Park Mull. Kjn<iiil|iti Aint Furl Simi, 

I .ii\ urv U sin g iii V K . San A ntonio 

I 6 2 BDR. A TO W N H O U SES 
Golden of] ti WM th (leon melt kepi »p<x tout fyounds. patios, balconies, pool, walk lo shop ping, features plus. 
Perrin-Beitel Rd. 
6 5 5 -7 1 2 2 

® NORTHGATE 

539 ELEANOR 
824-oo19 
WESTGATE 

 f © 
Ca z im i W e e d 
AN ADULT APARTMENT COMMUNITY 
ALI AMINITIES • ON RUS UN* • ON* 
MOCK FROM ST MARY S • O N I BLOCK 
FROM SHOPPING • TURN. ADDI. 
I, 2 & 3 BOR 
SISO to $245. 
UTILITIES PAID 
33o1 W. W OODLAW N 
434-9394 
* SOS SOSS ATA* I Mf MT COMMUNITY 
© 
YARA 

AN APARTMENT HOME 
UNFORGETTABLE AS ITS NAME 
( O N VI NM NT LOCATION A N O W TIU IM I PAM* 
BOSI BROADWAY 
8 2 4 - o o 6 1 
8 2 8 - 7 3 9 3 | 

For tho truth. 
Compare 
1o362 Sahara Drive, just east cd San Pedro, north 
$ot Loop 41o J 

Head Dan C ook— Mr. Sport** o f San Antonio 

 in the Son Antonio News 

 r««ur<r>: 
- * ’TKt* 
Son Antonio EXPRESS-NEW S— -Sunday February 2o 1977 

S [ N C £ T 8 6 ? 

PROGRESSING WITH 
SA N A N T O N IO 

ORDER OF 

Hermann Sons 

FRATERNAL 
BENEFIT SOCIETY 

SINCE 186S 

San Antonio's Only 
Morning Newspaper 

AND THE 

San Antonio News 

HAVE LED THE WAY 

SINCE 1865 

M m Mnry t NMI NwhM *y Hw I m t*Mf* I HkM mii OI tomot of Mom. I 
Mo n rro Sh ll*/ MM Mary'. Moi itowO loo lo dMoro ofUooHi to SJL ok* M I ol bolt ll/* ro loo—I by Ii. low lobort WI 
(NMI 
1*1/ meow lo w w Mi /olio I 

1*14 W M to ll/ I (ram* It 
Itll M oiyorMol OI o ortvoto ukool no o 
1_» m *— -—* Outre ll 
<**»l«4 lo lot* (Mi 
IM/ 
1*4o 
1*4/ oloimil ban ooh «*too4 |to4o lo loooolfc yro4» 
1*41 MOTO* lo KOOI *4 ohMwii (Otoyui OO llorcroH 

S i n c e 1 8 6 6 
RUBBER 
STAMPS 
223-1831 
O A TERS 
N U M B E R E R S 
D IS K S IG N S 
N A M E T A G S 
E N G R A V E D PLAT ES 
THE SOUTHWELL CO. 
9 2 8 N. A L A M O 
B o x 2 9 9 
Z ip C o d o (7 8 2 9 1 ) 

SINCE 1897 

Tho Stators o f O u r la d y o f C h arity h o v e o p o ro to d sch o o ls In S o n A n to n io . 

Thoir n o w school o p e n e d in 1 9 5 2 . 

Grades I thru 8 

OUR LADY OF 
VICTORY SCHOOL 

2o2 So. Grimes 

C A 3 - 8 7 7 2 

SINCE 19o1 

GRAY S WESTERN HATS 

W o C a rry Top B ra n d t 
O n ly 

STETSON - RESIST O I 

AM ERICAN - MALLORY 

Individually Styled To Suit 
Your Taste 

W e Clean & Block Hats 

7 5 years in the hat business. 

163o Roosevelt Ave. 

5 3 4 - 3 9 o 1 

SINCE 1 9 o 6 

" O U K / F S T Y E A R " 

BOERNE 
STATE BANK 

Has Served the Boerne-San 

Antonio Area with the finest 

 of Bonking Services. 

1 9 4 S . M A I N , 

B O E R N E , T X . 

S A. Phone 22 2 -o o 2 9 

SINCE 1911 

Alamo Paint and 
Wallpaper Co., Inc. 

F O R 6 5 Y E A R S 

7 1 1 C u l e b r a 

I Block W o n of 
E x p re s sw a y 

H O I Fair Ave. 53 2 -3 2 6 7 

B ro n ch o s in: H a rlin g e n , 
D allas, H o u sto n 

SINCE 1921 

FAWCETT 
FURNITURE 
H a s b o o n t a r r in g S a n 
A n to n io fo r S B ye ars. 
N o w A (/sod Fu m ltu ro 
416 Dolorosa 
227-6512 
» « * « horn City Moll 

SINCE 192? 

JAMISON 
MOTOR CO. 

HOUSE OF SERVICE 
IN 
SEGUIN, TEXAS 

S a n A n t o n i o P h o n e 
2 2 3 - 5 2 o 1 

SINCE 1 9 2 2 

' 1* 1 * i v * 8 
! ii >* 

C l i 'a m a 

TITLE 

1 o 7 E A S T T R A V I S 
2 2 7 - o 2 3 1 

F O R F A S T A C C U R A T E 

TITLE S E R V IC E 

SINCE 1922 

U S M 
USAA 

Serving the Insurance 

N eeds of M ilitary Officers 

Since 1922 

9 B 9 6 F re d e ric k sb u rg Rd. 

6 9 o - 2 2 1 1 

A TRUSTED NAM I SINCE I W 

★ TERMS 
★ F.H.A. 

G T Y W IDE SERVICE 

AU TYPES RE-ROOFING A REPAIRING 
735-9441 

o W GRUN 
ROOFING CO. 
For 3 Generation} Fourth Coming Up" 
1912 Culebra 

SINCE 
1929 

LONGHORN CEMENT 
Division of Kaiser Cement and Gypsum Corp. has served the San Antonio 
Area. 

P.O. BOX 18346 
1o44o PERRIN 
BEITEL 
655-2424 

SINCE 1929 

NATIONAL SHIRT 
SHOPS 
Sportswear For Men 
6 San Antonio Stores To 
Serve You 
164 E. H ou ston St. 
3 1 9 A la m o P la x a 
Las P a lm a s 
N o rth Star M a ll 
M cC re less 
S h opping C ity 
W in d so r P ark M a ll 

2 2 6 - 9 7 9 2 

HEALTH 
FOODS 
SINCE 1 9 3 o 

Dretrihufer Royal Supplements 

NATURAL VITAMINS AND MINERALS 
Fred! Veqr'aWe Juke} 
DELIVERY 
FREE PARKING 
ST ANTHONY HOTEL 
1o% Drwount to Senior (linens en oil product} 

226-36o8 
ITO JEFFERSON ST ZIP COO! /MOS 

SINCE 1934 

L E E S C H 

L U M 
B E R 

"Serving San 
Antonio's Lumber 
Needs FOR OVER 42 
YEARS" 

1o1o W. Ashby 

7 3 3 -8 1 8 7 

Since 1935 

Covered ly Fublic Liability Inspection 
AA EXTERMINATORS 
San Antonio Express 

COMPUTE 
TERMITE A PEST CONTROL 
•OU) 4 HUSKE •NOME OWNED 4 
On** I ED • UH OUN, HOVEN HSUEH 
• WEI (NWEC TMM « ECONOMOU HtKl 
• EMJ oi v a . rauvTt a n n u li 
• DOMED TK NMO AM Ilk 4y SHP. a lit) 

OTY WIDE s a v ia 
P f KES OOO TED OVER PHONE 
822-1715 534-3561 
3 3 3 6 S. P re sa 

SINCE 1935 

Borden Inc. 

'*lf It’s B o rd o n 't 
It’s G o t To 
Bo G o o d ” 

Milk & Ice Cream 
At Your Door or 
At Your Store 

875 E. A shby 
736-31o1 

SINCE 1935 

 f.ifts fur the 
IHM'riminating Boser 

Fine Jewelry, Glassware, 
Art Glass, Furniture, 
Brass, Copper 

PAGENKOPF 
ANTIQUES 

5312 B R O A D W A Y 
826-8222 

P e g g y Ew ing - M g r. 

SINCE 1939 

BLOSSOM SHOP INC. 

39 Years 
Same location 
Mrs. M. Guts - Roscoe Guss Jr. 
Always Fresh Flowers 

FTO 

Telegraph Service • World Wide 

IonicAmericord Master Charge 

1924 N. Main Ave. 
734-5154 

SINCE 1939 

MUNN 
TRAILER MART 

"SPECIALIZING IN ” 
Full line of 
MOBILE H O M ES 
12' WIDE-24* W IDE 
SAIES-LEASIN G up to 12 yrs. financing. 

1 7 7 8 A U S T IN H W Y . 
824-o3o2 

SAN ANTONIO 
BRAKE & CLUTCH SERVICE 
Since 1939 

Automobile—foreign (or A 
Incusfriol Clutches 
New A Rebuilt 
Auburn lorg A leek, ltd lore 
Warner Ferodo S A F fichtel I 
Soehs Ope Holloway ■ Perfection 
- Spicer • Valve Toucn ■ Rockford 
226-o254 
9o7 AV I 

SINCE 194o 

Same Location 

Rholie Nix 
Cotton Shetland 

AMERICAN I FOREIGN CAR SERVICES 

Mony Satisfied Customers 

Mokt Tour (ar Votohon Wise Early 

Free Estimates 

Nix Alignment 
Service 

625 AVENUE B 

SINCE 1946 

Personal & Professional 
SERVICE 

Three Offices To Serve You 
NORTHSIDE 
42o J«ckse«»-CaBer— 344-2341 
SOUTHSIDE 
326o dark Ave.— 533-7163 
KINGSLAND 
Hwy. 1431— (PIS) 3oo-4o24 

I a g o n e s 
Q I 
• 
« * A t t o n 

SINCE 1946 

CO. 

SINCE 1948 

REAL ESTATE, RENTALS AND 

PROPERTY MANAGEMENT 

 le t us help you with any phase o f your Real Estate 
Needs 

221 W. OLMOS DR. 

824-4521 

A . ^ 
_ 
& m g f 
'V S 

* Ck rom# * tackle * Copper 
+ Silver * Geld + Orosi 
★ (odium * Zinc 

Job o Production Work, and Borrel 
Plating. Auto Chrome a specialty 
Motorcycle 
Chrome. 
Industrial 
Plating 

3o5 E. Grayson 
226-1o1o 225-548* 

SINCE 1946 

NORMAN 
SPEARS 

For the Finest 
USED CARS 

917 BROADWAY 

224-o651 

I T F 
F R flm E 

^ ' 

• CUSTOM FRAMING IN OUI STORE 
• REAOY MADE FRAMES 
• MIRRORS 
• AIT SUPPLIES 
M a w 2 Aa i wet e m 
828-8214 
83o2 Broadway 
342-4239 
67o North Stet Mall 
(Across From Frost Ires.) 

S t NI CE 19 4 9 

Grace V. Arnold 
Realtor 

* 

2/ Yrs. Spec ie tiling In 
Morthsid# Residential Properties 

1o1S Jeduen-Reier 
Suite 21o 
344-8348 

SINCE 1949 

RAHMBERG R V CENTER 

YOUR QUALITY MOBILE HOME DEALER 

COMPLETE LINE OF RECRE­ 

ATIONAL 
VEHICLE 
MOTOR 

HOMES • TENT CAMPERS 

TRAILERS 

2271 AUSTIN HWY. 

655-o251 

SINCE 1949 

THE W.E. 
SHEPPARD CO, INC. 

Has served Son Antonio and the area w ith ----------- 

• Rf MOORING * INSULATION * 
PLUMBING Ar Redden bol • Com mere tai * Apartment * Existing 

Extenor WaNs a Specialty 

141 PRINCETON 
734-5146 

SINCE 1953 

Selling The Great 

NE San Antonio 

Q I REESE HENRY 

49o7 Walzem 

6 5 5 -3 5 8 4 

SINCE 1953 

JIMENEZ 
FOOD PRODUCTS INC. 

• Mexican Style sausage •Crack­ ling} • Cheese • Tamales • Jola- peno Peppers • Hot Saute • Flour 6 
Corn Tortillas • Toto Shells 

Distributors for 
DANOLA Imported HAMS 

616 DELAWARE 
5 3 2 -6 3 o 3 

11 SINCE 19 54 

When You Really Won! The Best, Call'' 
ACME Pest Control 

RESIDENTIAL A COMMERCIAL 
TERMITE t PEST CONTROL SPECIALISTS 
Complete Exterminating On House, 
Lawn 4 Tree Pests. 
✓ Free Estimates is Chon, Safe 
You Don t Have To leave Your Home 
Member of San Antonio Pest Control 
Association 
735-39o6 htrvr. Ital* & Wes ti* ens • 
(knees 
Results is Your Bast Bargain 
2 7 2 SP EN C ER IN . 

SINCE 1957 

4 S E B b 

• Service station equipment All mokt pumps. Repaired I In­ stalled 

• Lifts i Ak Compressors New t 
Rebuilt 

Mr. & Mr>. (DICK) 
MENSTLF.R 

6 o 8 D allas 
226-1191 

SINCE 1957 

U H ra h o f e u i o n a l 
INVESTIGATIONS 
WTTH STRICTEST CONFIDENCE 
* MISSI NO N ISO N S 
* s u s p ic io n s vrair im 
* BACKGROUND 
INVlSnOATSONJ 
* MVfKTOBY UTO*TACHS 
* S I* V K I K M ATTON NITS 

* S i ,TlS.£8 TOOVIV,,* N a 
NEFF L IM O N 
D ire ctor 
732-6112 
I SO7 Fredericksburg Bk. t a w uc *t o « a 
SECURITY CONSULTANTS 
Jervklos In Manito y latino 
Amorite 

SINCE 1957 

JOE SULSARS 

-ACE 
KEY 
SERVICE 

**CO NSULT US O N 

SECURITY PROBLEM S' 

• ABLOY • SAFES • LOCKS 

• KEY 
CONTROL 
• MASTER 

KEY SYSTEMS •ELECTRONIC 

LOCKING DEVICES. 

732-5121 

3 3 3 5 Fredericksburg Rd. 
Af Vance Jackson 

SINCE 1958 

DIET SHOP 

Natural Health Foods 
& Organic Vitamins, 

Nutrition & Health Foods. 
Breads • Foods - Candies 

M AIL O RDERS INVITED 

Brv.lT C. Tacker, Owner 

822-o511 
4 3 1 7 M c C u llo u g h a t O lm o s 

SINCE 1872 

1o3 YEARS OF SERVICE 

A S WE BEGIN OUR 
3RD CENTURY 

WE REDEDICATE 
OURSELVES TO 
PLEASING YOU THE 
CONSUMER! 

MONTGOMERY WARD 

SINCE 1912 

M o n r o e 
The Calculator 
Company 

Adding M acnes 
Printing 
Display 
Desk Top 
Computers • Billing Systems 
Coll For An In-Your Ofhce 
Demonstration 
"roe M ilt a tea Vici G U I” 
•a AMCN or ne i 

> o 4 4 2 G utfdalo 
342-3248 

SINCE 1883 

PIPER STILES 
& LADD 

Our 94 th Year of Complete 
Insurance Service 
National Bank of 
Commarce Bldg. 
225-2727 

SINCE 1887 
Reliable! 
Plain-paper m d e le c lro fo i 

S I N C E 1 9 1 5 

P 
A 
L 
E 
T 
T 
A 
" * 
Im p o r te d F in e F o o d s 

F R A N K P A L E T T A , O w n e r 

 copters. 
■ Word Proc* sung 
■ M o i 

■ SUPPLIES 
■ Bey 
■ le es* 
■ Copy P W 
AJ. DICK COMPANY 
2 1 o 4 M a n **!* 
828-2833 

B 2 B - o 6 7 B 
2o2 RbabIbN i ct Jtik nHt K bNbp 

SINCE 1917 

THI PARIS HATTERS 

Western & Other Style 
Hats ■ Stetson 3x to 
IO* Beaver. 

We Also Clean & Block 
Hats. 

TUXEDOS RENTING 
119 Broadway 
223-7674 

SINCE 1924 

FLETCHER 
DAVIS CO., INC. 
(NOW IN OUR NEW LOCATION) 

■UBSH STAMPS 
SIAU I STENCH} 
DBT EBS A N O M IX its 
ENGRX VEO PUTIS 
P *K I MARX ERS 

SHIPPING ROOM SUPPLIES 
37o1 FREDERICKSBURG 
734-5o75 

SINCE 1932 

“ O m 4 4 3 r d Y o u r ” 
COMMERCIAL 
Abstract A Title Co. 

' Positive Protection 
Through Tiff# Insurance ' 

Miles R . H sail, president 

2 OFFICES TO SB VI YOU 

Downtown 
KU O Memo Notion#! Building 
Northside Office 
4o41roe deny N atl. Bonk Bldg 

SIN CE 1937 

CHITON MKT. 
& GROCERY STORE 

 i 
Fresh Meats Daily 

Fryers & Fish 

Jesse Garza— Owner 

523 Arbor 
224-1127 

SINCE 1892 

Dictaphone Corp. 

Cassettes 
Portables 
Endless Loop 

FOO DESK IOT I MMU ST* I (OB 
UU SWIMS DL SKALD FOB AMI 
BHD U U USM 
THOUGH f U M 
OFFERS but ANO FUUMUTY A? 
LOW COST 

•o26 Vantage 341-2So3 

THAD M 
ZIEGLER 
GLASS INC. 

SINCE 1893 

SINCE 1917 

S C IIIL O ’S 
DELICATESSEN 
KN O W N THROUGHOUT 
THI SOUTHWEST AS ONE 
Of THE UTTER PLACES IO 
EAT.'' 

TRY OUR SPECIALTY 

N O W SERVING BREAKFAST 
7 W P M 
424 E. COMMERCE 
223-6692 

$ (N £ i!?1 9 

THE SAN ANTONIO 

BROOM FACTORY 

INC. 

Mewdwtwen et lki#*wwe( 
Oread Br Maw end ISope 

13o1 -1313 S. Comal 

226-9762 

SINCE 1924 

TRAVELERS HOTEL 

O n e of San A n to nio’s old est ond most distinguished hotels. 

Downtown convenient to everything. 

Catering to permanent 
American ond foreign trode. 

22o Broadw ay 
226-4381 

SINCE 1924 

CENTRAL BUSINESS 
MACHINES CO. INC. 

" Independently 
Owned Since 
1 9 2 6 ' 
^ 
^ 

In Office S u p p h e s^ ^ ^ — 

W h e t Vow 
W o n t W h tn 
Vrow W o n t It. 

" P O R (H U V E R Y C A U " 
6 o 1 7 C o N e g h e tt R d . 

6 8 4 - 8 3 4 o 

SINCE 1927 

 kosour&kfij 
K E A L T O K S 

6836 Son Pedro 

824-o121 

SO Years of Trust 

SINCE 1929 

48 YEARS 
SERVING SAN 
ANTONIO 

Locks ttpewed I unrolled 
Sob* opened I reputed 
K*ys bfred >o ail locks 

J. ROSS BOLES CO 
662 Brood«eey at kith 
226-5351 

SINCE 1932 

WINDOW GUARDS 
OF SAN ANTONIO, INC. 
— A I rusted Ham* For Over 45 Teon- 
BURGIAR GUARDS 
• U U ESTIMATES e PATK) DOORS 
•DOORS 
• » .NOONS 
• GATES 
• RAILINGS • I HU OSORES • FIRE ERI! wmOOWS •M A D IO U LOUS 
655-9697 
Nigkn I Hehdeyt 
696-5726 
I2238N4-3S Ne. £ Jed*ee Rd. 
(lab » O Cannai I 

SINCE 1932 

NOWOTNYS 
TAXIDERMY INC. 

"O ve r 45 Yr'I Experience” 

YOUR TROPHIES BROUGHT 
BACK TO LIFE 
LET US TAN YOUR HIDE 
MI 

Since 1937 

 r n 
M 
A 
I C 
O 

Most Respected Hem* In Heonng ‘ 
Mer* then a derm Im* qualify heonng olds for every type of hear 
•Of less end wearing preference 
Precision fitted to the mdtvtdua) heonng impairment 

• Mooring Gieeeo* • Pee* et Aid* 
• Molten hurq* o free Parking 
F R I ! C O N S U L T A T I O N , 
H O M ! O N O f F IC I 
"P B R IN H U M A T IO N U L I " 
7S46-C Lewes Pasteur 64o-1 STO 
2o7 L MMebread 
12o44o4 

SINCE 1937 

SECURITY 
WINDOW CLEANERS, INC. 
EH Over 4o Years ” 

R a e id a n tia l 
C o m m e rc ia l 
N o w C o n * tra c tio n 

Since 194o 

o. F. O'BRIEN 
TREE 
And landscape Senrict 

Tree Surgery 
Power Spraying 
Cleaning • Feeding 
Cabling & Pruning landscaping Service 
Lawn Feeding 
Stump Removing 

C o N B e y o r M y i H 
822-1641 
151 Metros* Pl. 

Since 1947 

BARDO 
BUSINESS FURNITURE 

Serving South Texas For Over 3o Tears 

Drvuiee of Ber do Industrial, i m . 
• M IM . H O U K • M IM THiOll 
JR. • BEK N im s • Bl D JONI* 
Member Institute of tunnels Designers 
• Reception Rooms •Others • Fort ones • Courthouses • Lbrenei • Nos- pttoh • Spore Saving Physicians Fur niture. 
SALES • KBH ALS • LEASING 
4 o 2 - 1 o 2 7 
I UTO Tradesmen Dr. 

SINCE 195o 

New and Used Cars 

GEORGE HUGHES 

MOTORS 

6226 San Pedro Ave. 

3 4 4 -o 1 3 8 

SINCE 195 7 

DEAN!! OWENS CO. 
Retailors 

Rf* hove o complete Red Estate 
Service for ait your needs, with 
M IS. and Notion (Mid* referral service, ond 22 offices in the 
Greeter Son Antonio area to serve you! That is why the (MANIE OWENS 
CO is 
“ON TOP” 
Of Tim leal U t o h Market! 

IW B N. Panora Expressway 
226-1633 

Clooeeod 4 W a n e d 
Carport C le a n in g 
* 

PROMPT ESTIMATED—CAU ANYTIME 
228-7o91 
817 1. Euclid 

SINCE 1933 m * * s j 6 y 

Hoi Served San Antonio and 
Hit South loos atta with 
CAFI A HOTEL 
NURSING HOME 
SUPPLIES 
o etker hr 
Hebert kitchen 
Mot lunes, Titter Rotten* I l ing* IO ten I fretters - General Electra 
Wed binges 

72 4 SO. HORES 
225-3o71 

SINCE 1984 

HARTMAN 
REALTORS 

(lo o ro H artm an) 

Has bomn toning tho REM 
ESTATE meads for ALAM O 
HQTS and surrounding ter 
/ liney 

5936 Broadway 

8 2 2 -3 3 o 1 

SINCE 1939 

ACE CLEANING CO. 

SAND 
BUSTING INDUSTRIAL 

FAINTING BUILDINGS TANKS 
WATER TOWERS CONTRACTOR 
PORTABLE EQUIPMENT, OR IN 
OUR VARO ANY SIZE JOB! 
TRAILERS BIDS I MISCELLA­ 
NEOUS ITEMS! 

344-o248 
86 HABY 

 m a l 
? 
* 
? 

„ * . 

SERVICE CO 

A cie b d 
Aw 
«Cern 

 a rom 
USON. FLORIA 
2 3 7 - 7 8 7 1 

SINCE 1943 

TRANSMISSION 
SPECIALIST 
AutomotK ond Standoff* 
BOB 
WOLTERSDORF 
AUTOMOTIVE 

3 7 1 6 S . P r a t o 
5 3 3 -8 o 9 6 

SINCE 1945 

KARE SITTER 
SERVICE 

QUALIFIED 
PRACTICAL 
NURSES & SITTERS 
Molt or Female 

"Sprr labium ta BEAR B**" 
S M 
I t E l l I ■ 
344-8386 
2 8 7 G r * « n h i t l P a s t 

SINCE 1947 

 n o o n . 
CARI 
- y coe* 
‘ 
ABBOetSTS 

$ j | K f J 9 
4 6 

B E D E LL 
MANUFACTURERS Of QUALITY 
IW C I BOOKS * TtAXIftS 
• Aluminum 
O Weal 
• Stamirss 
Steel • tom • loafers • Slakes a Ptertarrm • Hydreubc Get*) 
T R U C K ^ T R A I L E R 
S 
M non eng Nm Greet Names rn 
I tOUfPMiNf a u h Get*) 
Anthony A Vance e Deers ledce A 
I 
I bet 
I leys# 
M I O A . F lo r a * A f. 
226-6318 

 m d l ? 4 4 
HARRIS 
SAND PIT 
SANO FOB AU PUB FOSL S 
SANDY LOAM 
FILL SAN D 
BFD SA N D 
Merff Herns • Ouarr 
624-2443 
M U M M Y I A I 
A M B K M S I i A lt m n U L A ! JOT AB 
■ ABOX J / 7 4 

(OMSUI TWC 
PtACTKJMO 

OF!KIS IN SAN ANTONIO A AUSTIN 
PROFESSIONAL 
TREE CARE 
# Gfttdvet* Hwhhcutiwii ifs mimmTtm kology foe 
O V U M KAIS 
6 5 5 - 4 6 7 o 
V NO A ta w a CAU ASS-1 SJV 
WA LZ Od BD 

Sine# 1947 

S o m e Location 
LOCKSMITH 
KEYS 

For Con Aph. • Stares 

Homes Combtnations Changed 

Installing DEAD BOIT LOCKS 
Far 28 Yr*. 

SAFES • SOUGHT • 
SOLD • REPAIRED 

IN O ! AM MMVNMJAL MUAACltS 

735-8S84 

735-8585 

MORRIS LOCK ANO 

KEY SERVICE INC 

Member locksmith Association 
- San Antonio State I Notional 

•25 FREDERICKSBURG 
Near Woodlawn to m . 

 s in c e Epee 

SAN ANTONIO 
UPHOLSTERING CO. 

Oemen Aiken I Hared Laired 

• Upholstering 
• Draperies 
• Slipcovers 
o Furniture—- 
• Ne bm dung 
• Reaaaing 

EAA Id - r r x .i . a 
9 
” Fn H lfO * in fl 
733-8361 

SINCE 1951 

LIMON 

PRINTING CO. 

1714 W. COMMERCE 

224-8o46 

WITTIGS 

OFFICE FURNITURE 

CAIFf IS DRAPES HUMOR DtSIGN 
Office FURNITURE 
SPECIALIST SINCE 1951 

OPEN M ON.-HH 1.3o-S IO 
SAN PEo8o STORE SAT. I M 

2 L O C A T IO N S 
71o1 SAN Pf DBO 
349-3255 
126 JON ANN 
(CASM A CARRY H O R I) 
736-559o 

Coll anyone of (H it Fntndly e«K»i for information rn chore#} th* or t o of your 

Northeast 
. 
12143*1 
North (antre! 
. 
14* S IU 
Northwest 
144-42o7 
Boa6*re Id. 
. 
484433o 
Weare Rd. 
. 
344-4343 
P erm l a r i a t 
. 
6SO 3ooo 
Jefferson 
. 
714-4424 
TarNa Oeak 
. 
4*9-1ooo 
Austin Hwy. 
. 
•24 23*1 
Meas Ave. 
. 
714-222S 
I annot p a 
. 
458 IS IS 
•often. Id. 
. 
653-43SO ir e lh n ii 
. 
S32-S24S 
C asax-fNh ft ai im Bai .a .I 
XW Ufllf \JPW frQ I 
. 
*24-7111 
Crisa- r). wad .ii I ■— —... mmmmm w m nvtcm 
• 
473-2271 form * * loarfc 
. 
227-1333 
N9hh frou refill 
. 
425-8o37 

 f n d 
Deome Owen* 

'M Z J 
RooHors, MIS 

SINCE 1958 

CHARLIE THRASH 
AUTOMOTIVE 
& MACHINE SHOP 
Has Served Sen Aniente 
SPECIALIZING IN 
A DRIV! SHAFT, REFAI! 
Ce rapier* Prwe-Start ti thong* 
• ARI (ONM TNM M G 
• (RAKES * TUNE UP fast ft fondly Service 

4834 WIST AVE. 
342-2o83 

SINCE 1957 

ABC SERVICE CO. 
U ra llv IF*end A Oprraird Bs 
I V Slrttlea Rrvlkrrs 

Fiber Glass 
Portable Toilets 
Mobile Field Oles. 
Portable Buildings 

F ASTER URY Kl RADIO DfSPAKHtO 
Portable Buildings 
RENT ALS-SALIS-SERVICE 
341-4422 
722 PARKRIDGE - OIC 

SINCE 1959 

(* AR D IS EIK 
E N G R A V IN G INC. 

INGRAVtNG. SIU SCttUUMG. RUI 
KR STAMPS 
DECALS 
PHOTO IT 
(NEO MFT Al P U U . MAGNETIC J 
REALTY SIGNS. 

ONE DAY SERVICE ON STAMP! 

5o7 W. HILDEBRAND 
732-2221 

SINCE I 96o 

ART ENGRAVING 

CO. INC. 

OW MJI: HAJ C. HE AKN 

* BRASS EMBOSSING, DIES, 

INDUSTRIAL ENGRAVING 

12oo NORTH COLORADO 

734-7123 

SINCE 1952 

ALAMO HEARING 
AID SERVICE 

BIHM EVERT UfSrOMER IS GIVEN 
UNOIVtDtO ATTENdON 

C E R T IF IE D L IC E N S E D B Y 
T H I S T A T E O P T I X A b 

W SPISLR AND K U T l h 
414 NAVARRO AT WX HOSP LONT 
226-5111 

MASUI (NARGI 
EAM AMIRI LAID 

Since 1952 

Allen s F L O W E R S 

IS G I U S 

736-6441 

Creative design* 
6 dried 
Howe'* a fane, fruit bather* 
• lid 
Mower k 
• tale 
Ort 
• antique* 

OTT MNM M U VERT A A U BAM ! 

H B I M A UU ODOM A l A M R I 

SINCE 1957 

EMMA S BEAUTY SALON 
"U U N EN M IK S b r i e r 
IS HAVING A MTH 
ANNIVERSARY SPECIAL 

 f ROS I ING 
IWfPlRM 
KEACH 

COME IN ANO SIGN UP FOR 

THE ANNIVERSARY DRAWING 
FREE SHAMPOO SRT AND 
MANK URI'" 

11o3 PLEASANTON 
923-7569 

SINCE 1957 

SCALES & FOOD 
MACHINES 

6 N E W e a U U D • 
227-37o7 
12o2 W. COMMISCE SI. 

DI SN, WU 
RttttailAfMW tau lf 
MIN! M U M A MAAN * COOLERS 
I Flit/EftS Kl MAI NUNS a MEAT I 
VIG4IAW 
CASIS 
• 
MVE IA U 
ItHMGMAIOtS 

ESTES COMPANY 

SINCE 1961 

S O 
N 
Y 

SONY DKT ATING EQUIPMENT 

Th# F U Im# Dotation System 
Designed for Use BMh lh* Standard 
Cevian* 

FOR Mf OttAAUOR CAU 
SALES* SUTH! 
SOUND COMMUNICATION 
SYSTEMS INC 
4 6 o 6 C e n te a v ia w D r . 
736-2o11 

 m 
S L l f * ! 
Hmm Tfyneki Nr 
Ptraw rr Hr yin U M I Earl* and 
I arr tai P h a u a y and aor Pet w a d luerh' 

 lei DeteNad Pa nning end tom Ce* 
•anent* V t Vuggtsl en Aggomt mein 
V illita 

T 1A V U U R V K 1 

SNQPPBIt (JIT 
KWHR U V U 

W a n t 

A d s 
CALL 

225-1666 

San Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS- 

11o SPECIAL NOTICES 
11o SPECIAL NOTICES n e spec ia l nonets 
IID SPECIAL NOTICES 
JPKIM NOTICES age fctfWt MV * twi-i' 
IU SPECIALI 

HOURS 

8 A.M. to 
5:3o P.M. 
MONDAY thru FRIDAY 

ANNOUMCIMtMTS 

 jio 6 — Panonab 
1oS— Lost and Found 
11o— Spo t tot NoHc m 
11 a 
Profaoxloisol Notices 

Vocation Outdo 
118— Lodge Notices 
I 2o— Bids A Proposals 
I 22— O fficial Publications 
124— Legal Notices 

■ U L (STATS 

2o1 — Real Estate Notices 
2o2— Open Houses 
2o4— Property Out of 
Town 
2o6— Condominiums— 
Townhouses 
2o8— Apartm ents, 
Duplexes 
21o— Houses— Northeast 
212— Houses - -Northw est 
214— Houses— Southeast 
216— Houses— Southwest 
218— Houses M oved and 
W recked 
22o— Houses for Trade 
222— Miscellaneous Real 
Estate 
224— Houses, Sale or 
Rent 
226 ■ Suburban 
Property— Acreage 
228— Resort Properties 
23o— Lots 
232— Farms and Ranches 
234— Farms and Ranches for Rent 
236— Commercial 
Property— Sale 
238— Commercial 
Property (le ase ) 
24o— Commercial 
Property (W anted) 
242— Industrial Property for Sale 
244— Industrial Property for Lease 
246— Industrial Property 
W anted 
248— Office Space for 
Lease 
25o— O ffice Space 
W anted 
2S2— Real Estate Sell or 
Exchange 
254— Real Estate W anted 
256— Real Estate 
Loans— Notes 
258— Real Estate Loans 
W a i s t e d ____________ 

 lr 
IIN T A IS 

3o2— Mobile Homes for 
Rent 
4o1 — Apartm ents Furn. 
4o2— Housekeeping Apt. 
Furn. 
4o4— Apartm ents, Unturn. 
4o6— Houses, Duplexes— 
Furnished 
4o8— Houses, Duplexes— 
Unfurnished 
41o— Houses, Rent or Sell 
41 2— Rooms, Furnished 
414— Rooms, Unfurnished 
416— Rooms with Board 
418— W ant to Rent or 
Lease l r : 
•uturns 
OFPO PTUN ITItS 
$ 

SOI- —business 
Opportunities 
5o2— Business Oppor­ tunities W anted 
5o4— Money to Lend 
5o6— Financial— Invest­ ments 
5o8— o11 Proportions 
51o— Money W anted 
512— Instructions 
514— instructions W anted 

IM PlO YM IN T i t 
6o1 — Professional 
6o2— Sales 
6o4— Technical 
6o5— Resumes 
6o6— Adm inistrative— 
Financial 
6o8— Secretarial 
61o— Office A Clerical 
612— M edical 
614— Skills- Trades 
616— Food-Drink Services 
618— Temporary 
62o— Help W anted 
Miscellaneous 
622— Domestic 
624— Situations W anted 

AUTOMOTIVE 
I S 
7o1 — Antigues-Coilectors 
7o2-726— Sports, Foreign 
73o-743— Cars— For Sale or Trode 
744— Customised Curs— 
Speed-Racing Equip 
746— Trucks A Commercial 
TroMert- 
748— M otorcycles- 

7 SO— W anted-Autos, 
Trucks, Traders, 
Motorcycles i 7 52— General Aute 

754— Tires— Parts- 
Accessaries 
7 SA— Auto, 
Financing- 
758— Aircraft 
Services— Supplies 

■ (CREATION A l 

BO I — Cam pers— Traders 
•o2- 
8o4- 
•o4- 
•o8— Hunting Ii Fishing 

M O »lll NOMEE fM 

• IO — M eade Home Sale 
B l I — Mobile Heme 

MtPCMANCMSt 

*#o1 ■ ■ Rut Irwin I 
8o3— Budding I 
PO S— Pert obis I 
8o7 — Furniture 
8o8— Paw n Brokers 
81o— Appliances 
81 2— Flea M arkets 
814— Antiques 
816— A m , Crafts, Imports 
618— Cains A Jew elry 
62o— Cc 

623— Musical Instruments 
624 
Nurseries, Garden 
636— M a chinery — Tools 
638— Merchandise M art 
63o- 

633— Auction Sale 
634 
Business Dirac tory 

PO O S— PETE 
^ 

634— Oags-Cats-Birds-Pots 
638— Peud ry -Rabbits-Bees 
_ 

, 
LIVESTO C K 
Y M 

 r, 
J I — 
I 
66o'- Uvo if dk -Feed- 

6 4 1— Produce 
643— Farm Squipment 

 r 

A CHRONOLOGICAL REPORT 
OF SAN ANTONIO S FINEST 
BUSINESS AND PROFESSIONAL 
SERVICES 

SAW AlilTOMO BUSINESS AHPI 

R o ll o f H o n o r t l l ' 

SINCE 1962 

LINDSEYS 

CAR CRAFT 

8o5 N. ALAM O 

"FINEST PAINT & 
BODY REPAIR" 

2 2 6 - 3 5 5 1 

Since 1963 

DIAMOND-CENTRAL 
NURSES PERSOHN Ii SERVICE 

COMPLETE PRIVATE DUTY 
NURSING SERVICE 
Experienced 8 Competent Nurses 
Tor Home, Nursing Home and 
Hospital Needs 
R N. - IV N. - Practical Nurses 
MALE 8 FEMALE 
24 Hour Nursing Service 

Pamela A. Havel 
Owner 

S24-o221 
25o W Mandalay 

SINCE 1964 
DREYER 
TOYOTA 

San Antonio’s Oldest 
& Largest Authorized 
Toyota Dealer 

3634 Fredericksburg Rd. 
736-4471 

SINCE 1966 

NORTH STAR 
LOCK & KEY 

THE SECURITY PEOPLE 

-FAST MOBILE— 

LOCK & KEY SERVICE 

AUTO • HOME • BUSINESS 

SAFES • SALES I SERVICE 

 e REYS FITTED 

6 LOCKS Rf PAIRED 

 e AO TUBULAR KITS CUT 

6 COMBINATIONS CHANCED 

6 FOREIGN CAR KEYS 

MEMBER SAN ANTONIO 

LOCKSMITH ASS N 

CAR KEY SPECIALIST 

24 Hour Emergency Service 

7 DAYS A WEEK 
349-2558 

6327 SAN PEDRO AV. 

WOMACK MACHINE 
SUPPLY CO. 

DISTRIBUTOR Of AIR I 
HYDRAULIC EQUIPMENT 

LARGEST STOCKS IN THE SOUTH 

1o86o VANDALE 

342-3231 

SINCE 1967 

CONTEMPORARY 
OFFICE FURNITURE 

DANISH 
MODERN IMPORTS denhome modern danish furniture inc 
6951 Son Pedro 
OFFICE FURNITURE 
341.1691 
RESIDENTIAL 
344-2338 
DENHOME COMMERCIAL 

SINCE 1968 
MID-TEX METAL 
PRODUCTS INC. 

Corrugoted Steel 
Culverts - Storm Sewers 
Sizes 6" Thru 12o” 
ROUND OR PIPE ARCH SHAPES 
12121 Weidner Rd. 
6 5 3 -1 6 o o 

SINCE 1969 
Stote U< #577 

CENTRAL 

BURGLAR ALARM SYSTEMS 

Burglar - Fire - Holdup - Alarms 
Local Central Or Police Hook-Up 

S a H a b la b p e w el 
24 HOUR SERVICi 

223-969o 
119 Lewis 

SINCE 1969 

Kriterion 
A Mont m on School, Inc 
Certified Mon let tori Education 

Fra school end Elementary Clokies 
Registration Throughout the year 

D irected b y 
The la yens-AMI, AMS 
611 W . A shby-N o. Sid e 
Son Ped ro Po rk 
For Brochure ca ll 
735-9778 

5 INCE 1969 

ROBINSON’S 
SPORTS CARS 

Finest Sports Cars in 
Southwest 

• SALES 
• SERVICE 

8343 BROADWAY 

828-1389 

Since 197o 

CHAMPAGNE 
TRAVEL 

See The Professionals Of 
Trovel... We ye Been There 
COMPLETE TRAVEL SERVICE 
AIR & STEAMSHIP TICKET 
SERVICE CRUISES 
TOURS 
MON. HH. 8.3o AJL-S.-3o PM 
SATURDAY 9:oo AJL-4:oo FJA. 
344-6231 
123 Central Poth Mall 
I lower Laval) 

SINCE 1971 

COSMOS TOURS 
INC. 
"W e Offer Yow The W o rid" 
MEXICO SPECIALISTS 

6 INDIVIDUAL A GROUP TOURS 
6 ALI AIRLINE TICKETS (AT NO EXTRA 
CHARGE) 
4 SCHOOL GROUPS 
4 BUS CHARTERS A TOURS 
4 CONVENTIONS A MEETINGS 
4 VILLAS - HOTU • I RESORTS 

FOR FREI BROCHURES CAU 

6838 A Son Pedro 
824-1412 

SINCE 1971 

MELROE BOBCAT LOADER 
WORLD KNOWN 
COMPACT LOADER 
WITH WIDE RANGE 
OF ATTACHMENTS 
RENT BY HOUR, DAY, 
WEEK OR MONTH. 
QUALITY 
EQUIPMENT CO. 
337-6136 
4318 Director 

SINCE 1971 

NELSON CASH 
REGISTER INC. 

ELECTRONIC CASH REGISTERS 
AUTHORIZED DIALER FOR DATA 
TERMINAL SYSTEM 
SHARP A ESPER 
RECON NCR A OTHERS 

SALES - SERVICE - SUPPLIES 

3o1 5 BLANCO 
7 3 4 -5 3 4 9 

SINCE 1971 

WORLD WIDE REALTY 

 r n 

4 EQUITIES 
* N EW HOM ES 

* RENTALS 

* MEMBER CITY TO-CITY 

RELOCATION SERVICE 

“ 3 Offices To Serve You” 

673-So83 342-411S 653-oS7o 

SIN CE 1972 

MG BUILDING 
MATERIALS 

COMPUTE LINE OF MATERIALS 
FOR YOUR ENTIRE HOUSE 

PREFINISHED PANELING* 
MATCHING MOULDINGS 

GULF STATES PAINTS 
227 NEW LAREDO HWY. 
924-8369 

SINCE 1974 

EXECUTIVE SERVICE 
CENTER 
OFFICE EQUIPMENT 

 hALEh-SIJVHX-RENT ALS 

6437 SAN PEDRO 

3 4 9 - 3 9 2 8 

MASTER CHARGE 

SANK AME RICARD 

SINCE 1974 

LACKLAND TROPHY 

& 
ENGRAVING 

Engraving - Trophies Plaques Rib bons 
Support Those Who Support 
You ... Integrity, Quality A Expert 
Service, 

Mon.-Tri. 9 a.rn .-5 p.m. 
Saturday 9 a.m.-2 p.m. 
675-2552 
7o47 Military Dr. W. 
Across From The Catfish Inn Rest. 

SINCE 19 74 

TRANSPORT POOL 

NATIONWIDE 

TRUCK TRAILER 

RENTALS 

• Daily 
• Weekly 
• Long Term 

2o3 S. W.W. White 

337-4254 

SINCE 1975 
PHILIPS OFFICE 
COMPUTERS 
PROGRAMMED TO YOUR 
SPECIFIC NEEDS I 
Handler DISC s - MAGNETIC TAPES • 
MAGNETIC CARDS FOR INVOICING. 
ACCOUNTS RECEIVABLE, PAYROLL IN 
VE NTORY 
CONTROL, 
ACCOUNTS 
PAYABLE, ETC. 

BENCHMARK SYSTEMS INC. 
KROGER EXECUTIVE CENTER 
8 2 8 -6 3 7 1 

SINCE 1975 

CANDY CANE 
CHILDREN'S 
CENTER 

 a NUR SERV 
4 I IND! (GAII FN a INFANTS TO 17 YRS 4 EXTRA 
URGE PUYGROUNDS a SWIMMING 
POOL GAMES e TRANSPORT AI ION 
• STATE LICENSED • MEMBER TEXAS 
CHILD (ARE ASSN 4 ISI GRADE UN 
DERAGE ACCEPTED 

323 W, Sunset Rd. 
822-3o16 

SINCE 19 75 

DELTA AUTO & 
TRUCK SERVICE 
A 

Complete Diesel S Gat Engine 
Repoin On Truck, Trailer A Autos Far 
Individual* A Fleet! — All Type 
Welding - Wheel Balancing Stote 
Inspection 

 riw Military Hwy. 
492-21o1 

SINCE 1975 

Having »tartan In ftse Benami 
■ aal beata IWM In 1971 wa 
•Itll ta thank a l at aw clients wha ho va helped im ochre va 
4T4tp listttol ftBMRe VV 6 wtWdlOM PRB continua ta give pereerseilted cancha ta aach and a vary chant In 1977 Wtth «m yaw will 
"•vet bnama a none hat a* yaw rtytaiaiH awe growth H yaw plan ta cai a "ama wa pledge ta udvorefse yawr pro­ perty at na coat ta yaw. It yaw plan ta hwy rn banca wa wilt find tv ti lha i yaw. Give we a again and wa yaw. a 

FAMILY REALTY 

3o26 Hillcrest 
7324111 

I 

SINCE 1975 

G H TOOL & DIE 

ENGRNG CO. 

BLANK - FORM DIE 
PLASTIC MOLD 

12515 O'Connor 

6 5 3 -4 6 2 2 

SINCE 1975 

NATURE’S WAY 
HEALTH FOODS 

— NATURAL— 
VITAMINS MINERALS 
COSMETICS 
DIETARY FOODS 
653-o3oo 
1726S NACOGDOCHES 
NORTHERN HILLS SHOPPING CENTER 
924-6922 
638 V.W MILITARY DR. 
SHOPPERS OTY ARAU 

SINCE 1975 

FOR RNE NURSING CARE CAIL .. 

[ f t e x s t f i n d e i s 

FUUY ACCREDITED PROFESSIONALS 

REGISTERED NURSES 
LICENSED VOCATIONAL NURSES 
NURSES AIDES 
COMPANIONS 
MAU ATTENDANTS 
ALI 
EMPLOYEES 
CONDITIONALLY 
IoNoED, 
INSURED, EXPERIENCED. 
CAREFULLY SCREENED AND SUPERVIS 
ED BY A REGISTERED NURSE 

A Hatton wide Nursing Sarvica 
DAY, NIGHT OR 24 HOUR DUTY 
73o N. MAIN ST. 
226-6333 

SINCE 1975 

We’ve been where you're going! 

Complete Troup/ Service 

S a fa r v w o r ld 
TRAVEL LTD. 

9oo N J. Loop 41o, Suite D 2o3 
San Antonia, Texas 782o9 
828-5629 

SINCE 1975 

FRAM ES 

OVER 5oo PATTERNS 

U DO IT • WE DO IT 
PRINT GALLERY 
8 2 8 -6 4 9 T 

2218 BREEZEWOOD 
(NORTH Of SUNSET RtOGi) 

SINCE 1976 

E d w a rd s 
TRAVEL SERVICES 

A FULL SERVICE TRAVEL AGENCY 

AIR TRAVEL - CRUISES - 
HOTEL - AUTO RENTALS 

NO CHARGE FOR OUR SERVICE 
3 4 9 -3 7 5 1 
S43o Fredericksburg Id Suite 1o9 
GROUP OF INDIVIDUAL • 
PLEASURE OR BUSINESS 
Meeting A Contention Arrangements 

T H E C I T Y 
ON THE G R O W 

SINCE 1976 
NKW LOCATION 

D 
I A 
N 
A 
' S 
MEXICAN RESTAURANT NO. 2 
3735 VR. MUT ARY DR. 
BREAKFAST SPECIAL 
TACOS FLOUR TACOS 
ONLY 2 3 < EACH 
4-1o a.m. 
ALSO 
AU THE MENUDO YOU U N EAT 
ONEY * 1 .2 5 
HOME MADE MU-FOOD 
ALSO OPEN ON SUNDAYS 
OPEN MO AJA-8:3o PJR. 
PH. 924-2411 

SINCE 1976 

LACKLAND 
PLAZA 
FURNITURE 

7511 HWY. 9o WEST 

6 7 3 -7 8 8 9 

SINCE 1976 
The 
SURVEILLANCE 
Corp. 

SECURITY entrain unit latex no unix souk tee iik iio on huh ii ie ttusioe SHAMS 
ALARM - tutMarx sun nims tnt 
HMH HUO MAU XKO M liuntoet DIAUI 
FIRE 
Nut. soon mo loui/xtion DUH tots IOO MAIMS 
EMERGENCY - ■muss IMM nu me mat DI um o w roan m tutu to ac 
UMH MAIM SWIM ll UU OI tttSOOAI 
TMM A’ M (MIMM Oft 
DESIGN — SALES A 
INSTALLATION SPECIAUST 

3S23 ROCK (KEER RUN 
341-3281 

SINCE 1977 
G ib s o n ^ ' SUNN 

4 PEARL e IBI 
4 SHURE 
• VI NI URA 
• ROGERS 
• ALVARE/ 
• GIBSON 
4 LUDWIG 
• PEAVY 
4 FENDER 
4 SUNN 
• ARP SYNTHESIZER 

"P rofessio n al M usicians 

Discount'' 

342-3136 
62o9 MN PEDRO AT IE NUO 

S A llis 
MISIC 
INST!! JH O N 
SHIV X X 

" B r e a & o s e ” 

 j f lower £>hop 

Cliv Wide Delivers 

Serving All Military Basal 

Most Krd.soiutblr Prices 

"Expert Designing” 

666<» S.W. Military 

9 2 2 -3 o 9 5 

Century 21 

CHAMIS SCHNEIDER 
REALTY 

“Serving Northwest 
San Antonio” 

 lloclronic Realty Allot. 
Buyers Protection Plan 

Cell roHort for our hee relocation package 

6 8 4 -7 2 o o 

N-E-W 
But Looking 
Forward 
To Being Here 
TEXAS APT. 
LOCATORS a NO FEE a 

Wt Find Furn. and Un- 

 furn. Houses and Apt. 

Throughout San Antonio 

 and Surrounding Areas to 

Meet Your Needs and In- 

349-3685 
349-7345 

o3 
MIS 

* D O U B L E B O N U S A D 
S ' 
S A V E Y O U 6 o % 
Merchandise only — 
Class 928 Private Party Household Items 
A Na- low Rota For privets porty Marc bond*"* Advertising collar) 
Doable Bonus Ads will dal.vet rasutts or Taeos Sued Gov ops of 6o% Thasa ads ora teposad to 293 OOO potent*,! burets Ootly in iha Son Antonio Wont Ad Suparmorhat (33.ooo mote then tho light) 
Tho Doubt# Bonus Spat to’ is dashed to provide a taducad tot# lot mdiv.duole who w.sh to sail things they no longet naad The spat .a* rat# of 2 lines, 6 days $3 moles it profitable to advertise low cost dams suck os boby Furniture or used appliances 
Th* only requirements or* 
1 
Only privota individuals ore eligible tor this 6o% money saving rote 
2 
The od must be placed For ne days IF the item is sold beFore the sn days ore up, yow may cancel Further tunning doys OF the od but the M I rot# will be chol gad (In Other words, no rotund or rota od|uttment tor unused days and no copy substitutions) 
2 LINES 4 6 D A Y S • *3 

(A D D IT IO N A L LIN ES EXTRA) 
SAVE AN ADDITIONAL 1o% BY 
MAILING PAYMENT WITH YOUR AD 
— i i i n 
1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 11 m z r m 
9 1 I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I L L L L L U 
3 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 r r r r m e n t i 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 L l i u r n s i n i t 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 r n 1 1 r r r m 

 a m i W fty rite e 

TO Flap la t s n e e Peel* 
•on*#* pteeee Ara tre a t a a m asea. 

I B I — G a ra g e 
1 o 1 — C m d a * T hanh e 

BIS e m # tig er 
I G A — F Sorters tm M a w a r • 
I B A - -Fem o ral B t t s u e u 
I 

IO * — C e m a e a e y — Pew test 

Figure th# cost oF your od horn these low rotes Deduct 1o% For 
2 U t*# * . payment with your or de. These rotes ore For pinole porty wont ods 
3 lin e s and apply to sn consecutive day insertions *2 tines minimum Ap 
A lin e s proximately 3 I spates per (me 
S lin e * 

Please check your ad h e First day it appears N O ADJUSTMENTS 
6 lin e s 
FOR ERROR CAN Bl MADE Af TEI THE FUST RUN N IN G DAV 
7 lin e * 

PH O N E N O 

$ 3 .o o 
4 SO 
6 .o o 
7.5o 
9.oo 
1 o .S o 

ZIP. 

START DATIL_ 
CLASS. 

--------- MAIL COUPON TO------ — 
IX PW ISS-M IW 9 PO U SH BONUS ADS 

Ave. I at Third St./P O Sox 2171 
---------- 
Son Antonio, Tesos 78297 
1 • 

 o r c a l l . . . 2 2 5 - 1 6 6 6 t o d a y 
BO NUS ADS BRIN G RSSULTSI 

♦ 
* 
♦ 
♦ 
* 
4 
4 
4 
4 
4 
4 
4 
4 
4 
4 
4 
4 
4 
> 
4 
4 
I d 
4 
4 
* 
* 
4 
I * 
+ 
* 
4 
.4 
> 
4 
: 4 
4 
4 
I * 
4 
4 
* 
* 
+ 
4 
A 
I A 
I 6 it 

M r 
A M rs 
M se Saunas 

 proudly onnounct tne cm rival of their uutiv B o t 
M n e katmos, jr . IO tbs 
IC 

 oz born Feo ru o ry I?, IV// 

M r A M rs. Ed w a rd T Hill proudly announce the ar rival OF their oooy HOV: 
Shown Justus Hill I ids 
I 
OI born Ja n u a ry 14. 19// 

M r 
A 
M rs 
R ich ard 
G 

Mourn proudly announce 

 the arrived of their M O V 
B O Y . 
Christopher 
R ya n 

 nouns $ lbs 
I? i o1 born 
D ecem ber J} 

Hr 
A M rs 

 rouoiv ann. i vol ot then lawn je ru sl 
•« OI born 

 iv It 

I odd 
Je ttrev 

 lbs I o1 benn iv;/ 

Mr A M rs G o ry u proudly announce ti riyal ol their baby i 
Heather Ann Slayer 
I or. born 
Feciruc 

19//. 

Mr 
A 
M rs 
Rodney 
C 

Wilson proudly onnounc e 

 the a rriv a l al their baby 
B O Y 
D angia v 
E v e r en 
Wilson, I lbs a i oi bom 

Feb ru ary 9. 19// 

Mr 
A 
Mr 
Met ii 
I now proudly announce 

 the a rriv a l OF their baby 
G IR L ; 
Am anda 
M arie 

 know. / Ins t > OI born 

Jo n u ory JA, 19/7. 

To W ert Your lid * Annowmemenl 
Call Mb. Jotvtq a 
225-1666 

 b l o o d 

^DO NATIO NS? 
BLOOD 
PLASMA 
UKVICtS OF 
SAN ANTONIO 
NOW 
OPEN 

ACROSS FROM 
MUNICIPAL AUDITORIUM 
AT 
I 12 A U D ITO RIU M C l*. 
Man Fe! RAO AJA J OO? M 
CLOSED SAT. A SUN. 
$ PAID DONATIONS $ 

ONLY 

1o8 LOST ANO MUINO 

-Sunda y Feb ruary 2 o 1 9 7 7 

12o BIDS 8 PROPOSALS 
12o BIDS 8 PROPOSALS 

NOTICE TO BIDDERS 

Sealed Proposals addressed to th* County lodge, County of Brooke, Folfurrio!. 
Texas, unit be received of the office of the County Clerk. Brook! County 
Courthouse, in FaHurrtos, Texas, 7835S, until 2Jo p.m., Friday, February 25, 
1977 They will then be publicly opened and rand for furnishing all necessary materiels, machinery, equipment, superintendence, and labor for constructing certain improvements to the Brooks County Airport. 

This prefect consists principally of the construction of a S.ooo' x 75’ payed runway, taxiway, apron, and access rood, including drainage improvements, medium intensity lighting system, wind cone, runway mocking, fencing, end turfing 

Ridden must submit a Cashier s at certified check issued by a bank satisfactory ta the Owner, or a Proposed Bond from a reliable Surety Compony, payable without recourse ta the order of the County of Brooks, in an amount not less than hvo percent (5%) of the bid submitted as a guaranty that the Bidder enter into o contract and execute bonds and guaranty m the forms provided within ten MO) days after notice of award of contract to him Bids without tho required check or Proposal Bond wit) not be consideied 

The Successful Bidder shall be required ta furnish a Performance Bond and a 
Payment Bond coch in the amount of the contract, written by a responsible 
Suiety Compony author!red to do business in the Stote of Texas and satisfactory to the Owner, as required by Article SIM, V A T C S., as amended by H B 344, passed by the Sith legislature, Regular Session, 1959 

The Bidder must supply all the information required by the proposal foim. All lump sum and unit be stated in both script and figures The Ownet reserves the right ta reject any or oil bids ond to waive formalities In case of ambiguity or kick of clearness in stating the paces in the bids, the Owner reserves the light ta consider Hie most advantageous construction theieof, or to reject the fed 
Urn ca conable (at Unbalanced) unit puces will authortre the Owner to reject the bid Bidders ate experted to inspect the site of the work and to Inform themselves regarding all local conditions. 

Minimum wooes and loboi rotes for the construction of the proposed work hove been established by the Secretary of I abn, and a schedule of (ohm ciosithca- tions ond wage rates to be paid ore included in the specifications ond will be mode a port of the contract The bid form will contain o statement that the iki ore 

7334 BIANCO 

So You Want It 
SOLD 

Or Just Listed 

IIVtirtUBB 
K m i t h w f v . i l r f altt| 

11612 Perrin Baltei 

655-6848 

 iced confract is under and subject to Executive Order 11246 of Sep^ 

 prices bx) ate bused on sinh vrtiyr lairs 

The ptH 
Ie tuber 24, 1965, ond to the rquol opportunity douse The successful bidder be requited to submrt o Certification of Nonsagiegated facilities poor to award of the contract, ond to notify prospective subcontractors of the lequuement tot such o Certification where Hie subcontract exceeds 51o,ooo Samples of the 
(edification and the Notice of Subcontractors appear in the specifications 
Women will he afforded equal opportunity in all areas of employment 
However. Hie employment of women shall not diminish the standards or re | quwements tot Hie employment of mmouties A contioctor having SO ai mole employees and hts subcontractors hoving SO or mote employees who may be a wended a subcontract of SSO,OOO or more, will be requited to maintain on at firmative adion program within 12o days of the commencement of the contract 

Information for hidden, proposal forms, specifications and plans ate on file in| the office of the (aunty Clerk, Brooks (aunty (oudhouse, Falfurrias, Texas^D 

(opies of the Hems and Specifications may be seemed from the (ounty of 
"TO OO mode pnyrrMe I urn of the plans and spec of the deposit will be letumed to Hit bidder on submission of a Bona bde bid on 

 od Speer 
Ibooki, upon a deposit of S/o OO made a guarantee ot the safe return of the ons and specifications The full amount taint the I 
S 

 illily be lyon!* to S A Gairo Engineers Inc , as 

 will be i .turned lo lh" Bid, h such plans and specif leal specifications immediately attn eiarr 
Engineer that a bld will not be submitted; otherwise the deposit will be ladened^! 

 the work, with such plans ond specifications; or upon returning the plans ond immediately attal examination ot same, and advising the 

 kedge Ftdencio G. Go ria, Jr. 
(M it y Judge 

Century 21 

R.R. RANSOM 

REALTY 

Serving The Lackland- 

Ketly Air Force Bases 

74oS Highway 9o West 

6 7 3 -7 7 o 1 

The 
John Flournoy Co. 

Realtors 

For oil your Real Estate Needs 

SpecioliJing in Nodhslde Properties 

JOHN 
FLOURNOY 

14o7 Jacksofi-Ktll«r Rd. 

3 4 1 -7 2 o 1 

CEN TU RY 21 

DeLuney Realty 

Speoahuag in Worth si de 

 le i I dewti el M a t and Rentals 

We offer o comprehensive conto! monogomtni pion at e realistic prut 

Wo Wekom o Your C alli at 

6 5 3 -o 5 5 o 

2433 Austin Hwy. 

ADVERnsiimn for bids 

Fro|ect Humber OB SI o1323 
Commissioners (sud, lim Hogg 
(ounty 
Ownei 

Separate sooted bids for PAVING 
AND DRAINAGE IMPROVE AAI N fS tar 
HIBBROHVIliE 
JIM HOGG (OUNIY, 
TEXAS will be leceived by IHE (OM 
MISSIONFRS COURT, JIM HOGG (OUN 
TY, I EXAS et the office of THE (OUN 
IT JUDGE DR H T. MARTINE/ until 
T OO o clock (FM, Tues S T March ll). 
19// and then el said office publicly opened and leod aloud 
The Information tor Btdriors. term of Rid, Form of (onltoct, Pions, 
Specifications, ond loran ol lid load, 
Performance and Payment load, and other contract documents may bo examined at the following 
1 
SA 
GARZA 
(NI,IHI IP'. 
IHI 
Telephone - JBI BMI, AC 512 1o6 
Sooth 12th Strait, Edinburg, Texos 
7B539 
2 lodge H T Marlin ti, telephone — 
52/ JOU, AC 512, Jim Hogg (ounty 
(oudhouse. 
Hobbronvtllo, 
Ttxos 
78361 (hocks thud bo made payable to S A Guiro Engineers. Inc, ond a moiling charac of five (S) dollars shall be included 
Copies may be obtained at the of 
(ice of some as abave located al some os above upon payment al 
STO OO for eorh sot Any unsuccessful bidder upon roturmng such sot pro mptty ond lo goad condition, will bo refunded his payment, and any non bidder upon sa returning such a sot will bo rahmded SH OO 
Tho owner reserves tho right lo waive any informalities or to reject ony or alt bids 
(ach bidder must deposit with his bid. totality in tho amount, foim and rubied lo tho condtaont provided in th* Information tot Bidders. 
Attention of bidders is particularly roiled to mo roqunomems us to con dmont of omptoyment to bo obterv od ond minimum wag# lotos to bo paid under Hic control t 
No bedder may withdraw his bid within 3o days after tho (ritual date et the opening theraof 
February IO, 1977 
Date 
Dr M. I. Martinoi 
(aunty Judge 

SPECIAL NOTICES 

C hristian fa u n reline by m all 
Confidential. B IB L IC A L W rite 
Christian Counsol. Sox lf. Cos trovlHe, Toyos /AQQ*___________ 
COWBOY’S 
DISCOUNT 
On most lie lt c M a tto ik t Try it You ll like it! P A R I} B UH ll 
Open IO JO pm to 3 am 492-2**4 
( V A t i H I B K • G e rm a n y 's 
Answer to Miss America "Sheer 
Beauty r B A BIS R U B •■ OOT 799* 
I V I M HAVE A swum Massage? 
Cob Doftato Far Details. 49/ H H 
S u tu r e s tram Je w e lry Stare 
QUITTING B U S IN ES S MUST B i 
M O V ED B Y M A B lith 9 walt cases. IO floor cases, 2 glass is lands 
392 3494 ar a lte r sp rn 
)9} floe san Marcus 

TORRENT 

LOS IA month ternate lr isis Setter, scar lait hind tog tram surgery, needs medication’ |41 1741 i o r 
R EW A R D ' >42 JAS! 
Oil painting at ) horses k_ 

Hourly ar daily Auditorium and 
Borty roam beautiful North Side location, »/eat tar music, clubs p a rtie s, w edding recep tio n s,, m eetings af a ll hinds 
C all 
14o 443* N ear North Star and 
Central Pork mom 

IK HUSOM!S 
Mat chm ak ar inc 
Singles IM * yrs, mtroOucions 
_________>44 IH I, MA I t it 
Meet me neon to 4pm. Betty Moot mo tram epm to lorn, Edit Al the 
R esort. 4441 Ran d olp h B lv d between O Connor A Judson Bds 
PO EM S hooded to Bo sol ta music 
_ 
_ 
We otter SIO o*o cosh awards 4 
342 lit * royalties and publishing Bor a tree evaluation send your poems to Country Creations, Box JOST. 
Nashville. Tonnesov JZJ 14 

LOST 
Old Irish Salter, named 
“ D e v in ", arou n d C in d y 's on 
F re d e ric k s b u rg Rd 
M on day night 
111 SOSS. 
I i i 1o41 
R EW A R D 
________ 
LOST W Craig, small red white. 
Iona haired mixed female dog 
_____________ 
LO ST white toy poodle name 
'Chelsea' West Aye area o* operate, n u rsin g 
R e w a rd 
/is o/19 seq rn/ 
Northside Pet Detective Agency 
We rind lost Pots ll* (S it 
P re s c rip tio n G la sse s (B la c k 
Rim) found in puriungiot between 
McCullough and Southwest Photo 
Supply Apply Information Desk loggy Bgarass FCws, 

R E W A R D 
Beloved pol mole Brittany Span rat White ond brawn last Naco* dachas and Ie e e OIB area Nome 
’ V ambo 
SSS JH S . SSS SSI S. tit 4444, FAr. jggncpr_____________I 

FREE 
WATERBEDS 
EXOTIC 
MASSAGES 

R E W A R D 
COBY 
M alt Tov Collie near SIB and Vance Jackson at Fed Mart 

REWARD 

 c M 
M 
M M 
M 
'« 

 if 
SPECIAL f V 
¥ 
¥ 
'A PRICE 
Vat m4 Sea ga Al I i 
Beautiful Gob 
¥ 

¥ 

IR IB M 
P A R IS - R U M 

Pl ACI TOUB WANI AB 
IN ISM I e eel ss NOWS 
(A il (BS I AAA 

 liq Mu mote to 
MI 111 I AAA 
I a eat ss a h o n o w s 

PcA<( tOUP WANI a p 
We lea I XPO I SS MS yes 
CASS 111 IS H 

W eta Ba loges I 
^ to (boose I n n 

¥ 

£ a e s - i e e e 
_ 

IO i t s 1 aaa tSPPSSS AMP NOWS 

11 BJ*- 
¥ 
¥ 

A NBW M ASS4o8 LOCATION 
Avlsrde CHy. OPPn I days 'Mi lpm 
Prat masseuses I tin t IM H M m e g l i e * ! ' ,§ H it** B ls 
O A K S G A LO R I 1 M ott Local staples Call Dateline toil free 
LHB) BBF MBB 
_______________ 
H B B B M b U N lio o c F W h t 
I 
CWI Vie St or JOAO at I i i ASA UFS 
I CWI coated) Thee Agy* Baga ta 
***** A m i OOO MMV OSM l l Aatp 

FO B MMLP WHA rn wa wed area 

 f p r ^ T B { M w M f 
R G G fV toot ok4 MWv xteeMd NBO g pats partner (go SPOR I pert ta * t t jlL fc jT li.'M 'f 

 m LOST ANO IDONI) 

Found d artin g b lack p u p p y,! 
Woodlake area, 214 /SII From * lo 
I kl Atter I IP, SQI It SS_________ 
F O U N D 
G orm an Shepherd in 
TMO Week et Bianco Call 141 H EI atter Sp rn on weekday s 
_ 
Found mate Dachshund on 111 blk at G raan 
O w ner p lease c a ll 
UA BBH atter a pm ga we ak Bays , 
LOST blatti and white Boston 
Terrier, Fob ti. Adams Mitt area k it tktt P i W A R D _________________ i 
LOST Brack labrador Retriever 
In vicin ity po Eisenhow er and 
Wall am Rd, Centas Pat. Rh w a r d 
BB4B34B BR 4 
| 
LOST 
Blk and (an tom puppy 
Mg collar Ans lo Jo sie F iv e 
'ii 
LOST 
P lende cocker, 
T a te , 
■ g r g ft 'H H f t t f I M M ” 
______ 
LOST 
Bra mead duster aor stud som etim e poi ween J IP F pm 
Fob 14 and ti adam Fop It Cauld 
Bd ta vicinity et redo# OJO IM I 
P B W A P Q t 

LO B ? 
Fem ale Steer on Musky, 
■»•». Bfue oyes. I vt 

 i os f 
Great Dane. ta era tam we 
• ors s t C r iiO t B . g id d ily et 
P idpe weed 
• tom 

T AMOS ■ WOOD Sudd! I.SM * OJO 
Muara»*oo i n ISS] Floe se cwt 

Legit U " «Atte Wseegtb tog!. 

LOST s ai os soc sol sea a CBJ. 

LOST 
Fem ale Norwegian Elk ! hound moused ' Perky * near IBM I 
Club an Rigor Walk. opm Fab IB I 
Chur las Pico sip J i l l j t it reword Lost I yr old whit* female poodle on Ham m on Rd! h *lf VT1A OBA 112o_____________ I 

SIDO HfWFftO 
Last 
Black and stiver Gar mar 
Shepherd, Name ' B mGRp ” . V ic i# tty Vance JQC X sen IH 'B I ii t i t ) 
S ilv e r gvav m ale schrTautoT, i 
Pepper 
Vicinity Atame Hts Jr 
High Miami FM IO M EN A R D ’ 
BTA S O S / ___________________ 
Sm all tan temple Pap missing horn Maw Br aunters ism* Plant 

(U M I Pe wa * ii Child s M i Alter 

H M & U tt8 £ S M m m e w a m _ 

 n . ’ . r x 
V** warty 
Billman Bd 

 mwmwm 
I 

A ir c a a d rita n e d tor w e d d in g s, receptions, dances, etc Herds up ta BSP g a n p ta 
G r e a t e r I A 

Budder A SAW. 
BOU M W 
IM IB 
. _ ; 

A deeper cleans cieWMHt drains end sewer s bael ptunibm a repau 
Ma One com does it en, prices b atara wa s ta rt sa van dugs w 
—yea Com anytime M I slice r the 
• W H p— M M r A Aqqqp, 

Aith oat B la e 11 aa spur rattan y^Ctydraera^kkew fort Oohver 

R T W OE CLAH hest man rap Girts Id Feeds Mas capa W P a in 
Bf 
I II R U B I ti RpbuMps bom Owe** iB m am Sp . 

ARR 
IMC 
Sis 

 lids for Hie following item! will bo 

o ( (opted in^ the 
Futc hosing 
Deportment (Grot (ounty Hospital 
District, 45o7 MedKol Drive, San An tomo, IX 76284, unhl Mm lh ti, 
197/. Ail items will be sold to tho highest adoptable bride! lexer 
(ounty Hospital DtsfnrT reserves tho right ta rated all bids Far in formation call Bexar (ounty Hospital, 
Purchasing Dept, at 696 3o3o oil 
3/2, Attn Patti Henry 
IHM 
I ta Gas Stonliror with pump 
KHI) #3o/61 
I aa Desk, wooden double pedestal #4142 thrill 
J to (hart rocks, wooden 
I go (hon, woooden KHO 
#76178 
I aa bull c elhi net, metal KHO 
#31614 
I aa Desk wooden, single pedestal KHD#3l6/9 
I go trash tans, ptostM 
I aa (md table 
I en foot Stool KHO #72236 
I aa Pool table Professional model (broken stale) 
I co labia, single pedestal KHO 
#118o 
I ta labia, undo pedestal 8(HD 
#31o9 
I aa Wooden table Na number 
Sea Smoking stoiris 
I ta trash (am 
I ta Piano stool 
I ta Work table 
I ca Goose Neck lamp 
I ea Hibachi 
3 en OUM s school desk KHO 
#31647, 2 w/no number 
I aa (hon. folding KHO#31657 
I ta he cleam storage unit. lea king, I bota 
! oo (Ie rf he long. Sears ne 8otD#7/7IA 
Kenmore I 
Ii 
Dirtaphoi 
#9/VA ne, Edison NIHD 

Given by the Pastes! G irls in Sun 
Automa Bast place ta Relax and, unwind 
Feet Rotter F u s t", Out 

 side City Lim its Open I# JO la 3 1 ant Direr lion* 492 1994 

G E T O U R W O R L D Fam ous Lag 
Massage bv Our Beautiful Blond I 
L E S IA Open 16 JO arn to J am 
P A R IS B U R R , B tl 2*94___________ 
Jiffy Brass instant Printin g 

A tut! service print shop near you i s m McCwhoosh s i l l San Pedro 

I FBI SW M ilitary Dr 

42o* Fred ericksb urg Rd 

214 I Rhapsody at Son Ped ro 

L O V E 
IS O W A Y N K 
A r e a l 

-'Punkin" .V o u ’r * O ad's delight and Mom s Ja y Pope# and Mop pines! through the d ays Of your , lite W e tgyp ypg’ l 
I 

Lynno s Bolter Health Satan 

6S6-7666___ 
! m a s s a g e s amcT f a c ia l s ~ 
/394411 

1 ea Student Table KHO# 584o 
2 Od Table, tmrie pedestal 
I ta (ire sire k holdei 
J ta Trash containers 
I en Wooden loot Stool 
I oa Skoich I oo Ie i 
I OO Wooden desk, double pedestal MHO #31742 
I OO (hair MHD #1383 
I oa Trash tan 
I aa Tabla MHD #72o7 
I oo Stool MHO #37613 
I Od typownlof (task MHD 
#225J 
I oo (IMH KKD #885 
I ae Uictaphono, (tat Irons 
3 aa (haws, folding MHD 
#4184, 7/S4A. 48/9 
I OO Exam Table, gray Non adiuttaMe KHO# JI4SS 
I aa Desk. metal MHO# SOZA 
I aa Infant Lounge (haw 
I ta Desk double pedestal SCHO 
#7766 
I to bidi I obi net. wooden I shelf 
I ea (task, wooden double pedestal 
I OO Desk. metal single pedestal 
KHO #47SSA 
7 aa (how. plastic MHO 
#1o17?' I w/no number 
I OO I hon. m etal, folding KHO 
#49o7 
I od (task. single pedestal KHO 
#31454 
7 oo (hon folding MHO #49o7, 
49SA 
I oo Desk, single pedestal SCHO 
#3166/ 
I Od Hie Cabinet, metal 3*$ 2- 
(Nowar 8o1o #61/7 
5 aa (haws. tatdmg 
7 Od HIO (Pbifwt SxT 7 drawer 
I Od Secretory s (Nap MHO 4779 
I aa table, him 8 white (hocked 
I OO Desk oedema ‘ 
I aa Desk metal, double pedestal KHO #32ott 
I et Desk won 

 pedestal Ba numbor 
17 ta Cushioned lounge (bans 
4 ta Divider tables 
I oo How loom, wooden 
I aa (halt. Mood Sank Green 
' oGuslpt tad kook KHO 

OUTSIDE emf LIMITS 

P r ic e Shop, Compare E M I top taring 19/7 M assages pl 19/3 
Praos Com e' Moo* our Beautiful 
N e w 
M e c h a n ic s " , E a m e th in g 

 new com m * soon*t 
TMI tippy A HOPP I 4*3 IBPI 

PHOTOGRAPHY 
Ail tcto ittA i m 4 w 
S K I - Now M exico, Colorado 
Charter your own pig*#. Cabin 
Crass Twin with fille phone auod nsusic. TV, M eals an hoard Ilk# par per san (p a rty al o). round trip 
Ruidoso* 6366. Aspen, V ale. 

I OO (burr blood I 
#176o2 
I aa Tray lender ad|ustable 
KHO #4174 
I aa Tray Bonder Adjustable 
K W #74189 
I aa Ame neon Optical Tropes* ope 
I aa leo (foam mar Nae 
I oa Boti o Oog Model 175 
1 oo Not plato 
I? ae Dish lacks 
7 OO Silver Bosk ti 
2 aa lot ara 
IOO aa Flato coven 
SO od Trays 
TO OO Ie re rage Server 
IO ca (ups 
TO en Dinner plate 
I oo Site mg machine 
I od Septa 
I aa Steak machine 
I ae Huai trow! 
I aa Ile nile i 
I aa fetter hooter 
1 to Army stove 

3 OO Fem 
2 ae Fori 
I to Hat Choco Ion martini. 
I eg Ion 
I eg Cabob (o. Faker Modo) 
•417713 SR #11/ 
I oo Desk, single pmtastaf MHO 
• 31/QI 

 area thpvad stomach Brown , itaowshaol, ok welt «.«*•>maced 
— “ — 
----- I * — 
‘ “ punts tramp h ist erase eawipment 
Also hying tishrn* trips, bustness trips Vou name ti, w elt tty et f * I 
FIRST T E FA L F L Y I N G BER 
VICE 
% A 
14o4 I t l l or 
14668411 
I 

Ski U t* Ms DCO GotonUe f tsar tor root r e " Hight ti I i Per per son round tu p (p a rty *t et f ur derails, SPR ( I t l l (tae M FI 
Start small sari** discussion cista and min exchanpe Far las man in n a t e Phil arts on y inn * 
— s u z u k i- 

L U N D A Y SPECI AL' watt P u c e 
M assage teem SIO F r e t Leu na 
' It M614IH M u tt K 
__ sh a* Ahab O res (a u n tly d u o 
OI ho si a Mar 
3 £ P I IH 

• a eases tao stows 

NOTKi TO Doom 
US A. PvnOexi Ma OG A I GB IAI 
4h 4MIoBRo PMM FT MO I sc Nod tm nm I 

I se strut hen et l l . B tx S v rn tape 

 tao {Ti bk Edroy ai J I Macteendgo t tomoetaiv St heel tao I t eg Conn ty. Sp* Entente, leaps ArciMetn 

I Noyano d ! loggie 
I aah et tai i go me* tao ta 

 pipet’s Seeded go 

 bo t et owed arad 748 
^ 
MpmE ll 1977 p Pm bawd 

• hoot beirat, IEI leaps# Shag. Sp* 
H L 

I pbM and xpocta bo brant iii ta of 
AIA. IKM ta bahut, SPP Aranga Us 

I 

GROUP 

I a g o n e s 

R I A L T O ^ 

Page I 2-C 
San Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— Sunday February 2o 1977 
2o1 
REAL ESTATE HOUSES 
2o1 
HEAL ESTATE NOTICES 
2o1 REAL ESTATE NOTICES 
2Q1 KAL ESTATE NOTICES 

SUE WEEMS 
^ 

ASSOC, REALTORS 
^ 
GENE WILSON ^ 

R E A L T O R S 

^ 
656-3441 
^ 

^ O O N JOHNSON C O ^ 
NOBTHWIST............. 344-3o74 
ROETH CFNTIUl 
494-7711 
^ MORTH U S T 
828-8241 ^ 

BOB JONES 
R E A L T O R 
344-3341 
826-o6o6 

OU) BRICK HOME 
On nearly I acre, large room*, firepioce, J air garage, with finished 
3-roorn apartment, pool, stomp or workshop building 
K i n WBGAND 
344-2341,342-6456 

WILL COWDER VA lovely 2 story, 3-2V5-2 In Kiihy, convenien* to MilHory hoses end 
Windsor Moll. Only $42,95o Quirk possession 
MARJI* NORTON 
344-2341,653-5936 

1oJ ACRES 
Situated in the beautiful Hill Coun­ try near Bianco 2 bedroom, I both mobile home with tarp single living orea, polio, landscaped, fenced, in excellent condition. 537,ooo lo a m RffiKOfWAii 
344-2341,344-5549 

PROUDLY WI RAVI 
About our newest listing. 
2 bedroom, 2 both, se po rat* dining room, older home in very good con­ dition. lots of extras. 
RURY WRIGHT 
344-2341,342-5847 

HILLVIEW AREA 
Charming 2 story in Alamo Heights 
Schools 4 tarp bedrooms, sunken den with D'Hanis tile and fireplace, separate dining room, beautiful kid ney shaped pool, low 7o s. 
82646o6 
822-1646 
$2,ooo ASSUMPTION 
Attractive, bright and airy, 
2 bedroom condo, wall to wall carpet, complete built-in kitchen. Assume 
8'/r% loan. 

826-o6o6 
822-o126 
NORTHWOOD AREA 
FIRST OFFERING 
Assume good 8'6% loan on this 3 bedroom, 2 both home. Den with fireplace, new carpeting, a greet buy in low 3o'v 
826-o6o6 
826-5964 
KIRBY 
Custom built home with one large living areo, beautiful built-in luxury kitchen including refrigerator. 
Privacy fenced, comer lot, 
3 bedrooms, and 2 decorator baths 
Mid 3o s 

826-o6o6 
826-6497 

WHISPERING OAKS 
JUST HSTM, 3 bedroom. 2 both home with cathedral ceilings 
(•dutifully landscaped void, fireplace, mony built-ins. 462,9oo 
344-3o78 nit** 492 91o7 
H om es * 5 o ,o o o anil O ver 
CANYON LAKE 
Beautiful Lakeview home with 2 bedrooms, 2 baths, large family room with fireplace, and high beamed ceilings opening out on to wood deck Suilt-ms throughout, fenced yard. $54,9oo 
344-3o78 rates 696-o866 

SAN PEDRO HILLS 
This very attractive 4 216-2 bos plenty of elbow room. Wail to woll carpeting, a fireplace, and in 
Churchill District, ora but a few features. Just $55,85o 
828-8241 rates 494-385o 

NORTHEAST CHARMER 
2 story 
4-2VS-2 home with beautifully landscaped yard. Close to molls and N E. schools Fireplace, privacy fence, water softener, storage shed. Outstanding con­ dition Only 146,9oo. 
828-8241 
Mites 656-o124 

IF QUALITY IS IMPORTANT 
Beautifully maintained, 4 bedroom home on large lot with mony mature trees. 
This residence features rock construction, cedar shaped roof, ash paneling placed hand set tiled, ond space to spare. 
Sensibly priced at $73,9oo 
494-7711 rates 341-5o5o 

HOLLYWOOD PARK large 
4 bedroom, 
2'/» bo'hs, beautiful corner lot completely privacy fenced, tamely room with fireplace Priced to sell at 57o,9oo 
494-7711 rates 655-7383 

134o3 CASSIA W A Y 
BLOSSOM HILLS 
PRESTIGE AREA TRADITIONAL HOME 
Q U A LIT Y BUILDER 
4 bedroom s, w alk in closets, huge single living areas, form al dining room , dream kitchen. Corner lot. $ 7 2 ,5 o o . 
COMPASS REALTY 
494-16o1 
49 4-12 81 

GASE-BAKER 
REALTOR 
6 9 o - 8 9 9 o 

CASTLE HILLS BEAUTY luxury Traditional style 4 bedroom, 216 bath, lovely den with fireplace, breakfast room overlooking beautifully landscaped yard and pool Too many 

 b 
Extras to list. 51o6,ooo. 

M ARJI! HORTON 

 a s s i 

BOB JONES 
R E A L T O R 
533-7163 

★ MAKE AN OFFER ★ 
On this $79oo equity ond ossume loon lorge oil brick 3 bedroom home with corner fireplace. TWIN 
CREEK AREA Something speciol, see it today! 

LOW EQUITY 
Near Lockland, deon 3 or 4 bedroom with coly family living. Only $25oo equity, let us show you this one today! 

VIRGINIA CERVENKi 

R E A L T O R 
655-5131 

I’M AN ORPHAN 
That needs a little levin' core1 And a set of parents! leHotre. 2 bedroom, hardwood floors, ocross from elementary school. $14,ooo or FHA- 
VA $14,SOO 
MAXIM! HAMMOND 
533-7163, mtos 534-767o 

NEAT AS A PINI 
(leon os o whistle! Dellcrest brick, 3 bedroom, central hoot air, range, garbage disposal, single garage 
Only {21.SOO 
MAXIN! HAAAMOND 
533-7163, nit** 534-767o 

SMILE-A-WHILE 
Is what you ll do when you see com- 

C letely redecorated, in and out, nae J bedroom, separate living ond dining, lots of cabinets m large kitchen, overtired garage 514,5oo 
Close to Ft. Sam 
8o8I8TA W W ! 
533-7163,333-8763 

UPW* itv ti 

NEW IN WINDCREST 
Under construction ond nearing completion, 4 bedroom. 2V$ both, den, split level, central vacuum system, luxury 
Features too numerous to mention. $79,9oo. 
NEW ALSO IN WINDCREST 
2 bedroom. 2 bath, sunroom, double foced fireplace, separate living area from dining area >46,8oo. 
APARTMENT DWELLERS? 
For your first home see this 4 bedroom, lorge living area, built in kitchen. Ideal for one person or o couple 518,5oo 

MOIOCm 
MWOCX* 

•IC «OOM 
CALL A 
KEY GROUP REALTOR 

DALE RHEY 
REALTOR 
494-3541 
8 2 4 - 6 3 5 1 
7 3 6 - 4 2 9 6 
5 3 2 - 7 5 o o 
3 4 4 - o 2 2 5 
6 5 5 - 5 1 3 1 
6 9 o - 8 9 9 o 
6 7 4 - 3 5 5 2 
3 4 4 - 3 o 7 8 
8 2 8 - 8 2 4 1 

4 9 4 - 7 7 1 I 
3 4 4 - 2 3 4 1 
3 4 4 - 2 3 4 1 
4 9 4 - 3 5 4 1 
8 2 6 - o 6 o 6 
6 5 6 - 3 4 4 1 

S terlin g Bu r u e ............................. 
P e te Cantu ( N o r t h ) .................. 
P e te Canto ( S o u t h ) ................. 
C la ra B elle G a th e r.................... 
V irg in ia C e r v e n k a .................... 
G a s e -B a k e r.................................. 
H odgdon & A s s o c ia te s ............ 
Don Johnson (N orth w est) . . 
Don Johnson (N orth east) . . . 
Don Johnson (N orth C en tral) 
Bob Jon es (N o rth ).................... 
Bob Jo n es (S o u th ).................... 
D ale R ile y ..................................... 
Sue W e e m s & A sso c ia te s. . . 
G e n e W ils o n ............................... 
Your Key to the 

City of 

San Antonio 

 wintry 
CLARA BELLE CATHER 
REALTOR 
344-o225 

• TCHEN 
SPLIT 5-4-3 BEDROOMS 
3-4 BATHS 
$79,5oo TO $115,ooo! 

8'/2% Interest 

9 models open'daily, spacious, gracious living, original designs, will trode. Out Vance Jackson, I mile from 41o. 

• AMU* ROOM 

SUBURBAN PROPERTY 
Home en acreage. Medina Co. 3 bedroom, 2 bath, lonjn den, formal dining and living area Has own water system plus view of Medina 
River on 5 acres 

SPLIT LEVEL 
Newly listed 4 bedroom, V4 acre cor­ ner tot, polios golaie. HE Schools, convenient to shopping centers. Mid 
$5o s. 

OAK VILLAGE NORTH 
Spomsh style 3 bedroom, 2 VS both, 
2 fireplaces on large I acre lot, beautiful surroundings, low taxes. 

COUNTRY UVING 
3 bedrooms, 2 baths, (ranch style, country setting on W owe Energy sa vin q design, single living areo with large fireplace Mid ISO's. 

STERLING BURKE 

R E A L T O R S 

824-6351 

o4*4o1 

LOWER UVU 

On 2 Acres af scenic wooded land * 268o sq ft. living oreo 6 See of 78o3 Summit Circle in Summit Oaks W IM-IO North to Leon Spr­ ings exit — Under IN-IO 8 left to Qelo Vista, then left on Summit 
Circle ★ Just started this one, so you can select some of your colors 

* S53,5“ 
/ 
£ 
^ 
492-1o72 
( U U m iS w in n e y C o . ,r65w>29Q 

UNUSUAL OFFERING 
Goad investment and good foliage for game ond livestock. Very flex­ ible terms on 8o97 owes. IO miles north af Honda at base of Hill Coun­ try 

COMFORTABLE UVING 
And lavish entertaining. Modernistic motif for uHimate privacy Ratio homes designed for all seasons. 
Panoramic view at no extra cost to you 
PRESTIGE LOCATION 
Don't bother unless you wont lots of room 
It's bigger them it looks. 
Already has everything for versatile living Not inexpensive 

HODSDON & ASSOC. 

R E A L T O R S 

674-3552 

ADAMS HIU located on quiet rul de soc. Mint condition, 3 bedroom, 2 bath, plush carpeted, oil appl, enclosed patio. pi ivory fenced Low payments of 
SIRI on 7% note with equity MUST 
SEE 

NO DOWN 
No dosing, immediate move in V I 
Walk to Lockland, lovely 3 bedroom home on large, shaded lot. ONIY 
$16,ooo 

REAL ESTATE 
ENCHANTED FOREST 
BEAUTIFUL SPRINKLERED-SHAPED LOT 
Quiet cul-de sac of fine homes. Fully carpeted and draped two story rock One bedroom down and two up (could be three). Self-cleonina and Microwave ovens Formal and informal living with natural rack fireoioce and ecponvve bookshelves 2ox2o foot recreation room 
Walk to oil levels of North East schools. Complete shopping facilities within six blocks Realistically priced at $59,5oo 

OTEN SUNDAY I TO S 

59o7 FOREST RIM lovely 3 bedroom home in 
Prestigous forest Oaks located on a quiet cut de soc, with mony extras Stop by today Pnced at 
545,9oo. 

5919 SENECA DR. 
4 bedroom home in leon Volley. 
Prited to sell at $$4,9oo 

6823 SPRING MANOR 
3 bedroom, 2 both home in lob cock No'th Assume or refinance 
Pined ot $28,93o 
684-433o, 344-62o7 

ATTENTION 
GREATER VALUE 
REALTY 
Specializing in 
Government Owned 
Homes 
Down Payment $2o and up 
651-6143 
VA RECOGNIZED BRONER 

 is cap ture d in the am enities o f this fine custom -built 

 home, with if* very fle x ib le flo o r p la n . U N D E R C O N ­ 

STRUCTIO N. Q u a lity m aterials h a v e b e en chosen 

 throughout. Sla te • m arb le, p a rq u e t flo o rin g . 416 

 baths, 3 fireplaces. U nusual guest house. IO w alk-in 

 closets. 2 o x 4 o heated p o ol. A p ro fe ssio n a l type 

 greenhouse. 2 wet bars. 
# lo s o u r & k £ m s ^ 

R E A L T O R S — 5 o Y E A R S O E T R U S T 

814-o1 I t 
>43-3111 
4o4-7*1 
ANVTtMt 
AN VT IM I 
ANY 114 
81o7 Countryside 

Open Saturday-Sunday 2-6 

During w eek by appointm ent 

Alam o Heights Schools 

East o f N acogdoches R o a d to C o u n try Lone o d ioins 
N o rthw oo d Estates. 

S E L L IN G Y O U R H O M E ? 

‘ ‘ S p r in g S p e c ia l'* 

A new commission schedule guaranteed ta Save You Money and anre you 
Executive 
Nason sired Service' IN A HURRY 
IO MOVE? We moy even rave you 
CASH for your equity Calf now 

* M Y erne* K E Y G R O U P g, 
G A S!- BAKIR 
REALTY l l 
69 o-89 9o 

K a w 
O w e n s 

«AtTOes-M t$ 

Co— REALTORS 
Bandore Rd. Oft. 

H o m e s 

S o u t h w e s t 
2 1 6 

WINDCREST 
63o7 HICKORY H O LLO W 
OREN SUNDAY l l A M TO 5 PM 

A new home built by Archie Anderson Come by and see this custom design construction ond quality material used in this spacious 4 becoom. 3 bath home in Windcrest $76,5oo 
\ 
PALCO 
J y W R E A l ESTATE 
824-o541 

N o w is the p erfect time to select w a ll o n d flo o r covering if need be. 
7o1 NAI UUU OTIS 
7o1 MSI ISHII 

OPEN 2:3o-4:3o 
33o MONTPELIER 
In 
SUN SHI N( 
PAIK oH willows*oo« mr esc Nest 
• 
, -k *V» horn. -rim 
3 Sedro»m«. (Him • 14.13 room ter he dr* em mr family remet Living -erne WHA new 

 f r a n c e 
# 
* £ e v e n # o i \ j , 
Realtor 

225-2398 Anytime 732-4951 

IMME DIATk CASM fo r Your Home We pay all clos- 
•nq costs! We also take trades 
Coil e e e ssii en-ne/e i n i m 

 ietc. In tam ed yard 
134 eSOJUAHOaS 4*4-7771 
GUY CHIPMAN CO. 

Century 21 
O NN SUND AT 2 TO $ 
21o W. LYNWOOD 
Monte Vista Historical Area, stately 
•wa story, off Son 
Pedro 
4 bedrooms, with pool Owner anx­ ious 
64o7 CAIRO lovely 4 bedrooms, near Medical 
Center Absolutely beautiful like new. come see ira 
341-8166 
HOWARD IAH , Rf A llC R 

WAKE YIELD REALTORS 
SSSSSSSSSSSSSSS 
Looking for a new home? 

T O D A Y 'S Y O U R LUCKY DAY ... 

High Country Estates 
656-4471 
$41,15o to $53,4Do 
Nocogdocfus at Judson 
Meadow Wood North 
494-6163 
$34,ooo to $41,45o 
Jones-Maltsbgr a1 Thous Oaks 
The Great Northwest 
684-1 I 23 
538,5oo to SSS,IOO 
FM 471 at Culebro 

• V A , 
FHA, 
Conventional 
• Fireplaces 

• Double G arages • North East or Northside 
Schools 

A 
Coates Development Co. 
"' jjljff Courtesy to Brokers 

Son Antonio Real Estate pays cosh for yours in t i hours, I pay ail closing cost Jet e»Ji ssssstssssssssssss 
Neva To VHI Your Home Now? 
For FAST SER V ICE-C oll 
144-SS44 Mort McCormic. Realtor 

 p r o p e r t y o w n e r s 
We only ctiorge J JOO commission tor selling homes regardless ut price CH ARLES WATTS R EAL 
E S T A T E t i l le is , U J S3SS, 
?11-*114, OPEN 14 Hours a Day, I 
Days a Week______ 
_____ 

Real Estate Wanted 
Have anxious, qualified clients for 
Alamo Hgts Mid I a ranee P l u s h call 114-1191 
DeanieOwens Co.__ 
RENTAL M ANAGEM ENT 
Hove our professional slat? han­ dle you rental property Call tor details today 
S14-H14 
Nates 494 14o4 

' 
...... 
I i i INDIGO 
Pion to spond your ofttmooe 
»'>it'ng this lovely 4 bedroom hem* in Enchanted forest, (onus m items include a sewing ream and study $53 9oo 
344-62o7 68 4-43 3o 

M o6 * 1 H a m * — 
IO T I G o r d in a 
(O H 2 o o o Slock W a t t A w * .) 
Paneled kitchen and fomily room com bination. 
W * A Is* D e R em odeling A f ir e p la c e s 
3 4 9 -1 4 9 1 
3 4 1 - o o 1 6 

5 9 1 7 S an P e d ro 
S p e c ie B u ild e r s , In c . 
Century 21 
NEW EXCLUSIVE AR EAS 

• W HISPERING O A K S • C O U N T R Y S ID E 

• H U N TER S C R E E K 

PRESTIGE HOMES 
. V 
^ 
‘ §9 

 r n U M l'W TlCtS 
W AKEFIELD ML ACTORS 
WANT TO BU Y Oir*Ct from owner. Duplexes or iourpie.es 
♦34-U.-1I 
_________ 

OWN SUNDAT 
I OO re 6.oo p.* 
CHURCHILL ESTATES 
14714 CHURCHILL ISTATfS BOUlfVARD 
Superb H am s by J*sse and Brut* Better 
See this tuning new J ae T er n nome rn rn exciting ne* wee. TVs finely constructed nature reek beme blends beautifully with Hie surreundme native saki lire single living ared is tnfhiighlid by a fireplace cen verseOen pit formal wrung in the separate i n mg teem, mf et mal dr mag in the garden teem Other features include energy mums loastructten, automatic garage deer opener, smoke detecter Norm $63,ooo 124-o121 
ANYTIME 

MY OW NER 
O P E N H O U SEL. 
SAT and SUN 9 S. J bedroom. both, fully carpeted, central air­ boat water tonner, private beck yard, tree house. Mr** patio, with origin al c lO in io n Boorm ann sculptured fountain Brick bor 
R-Gue en NBiSO. On Cut-Dm-Ute. 
SI*.SOO Refinance or assume 
Lien 111* TUR I LE C R E E K IN 
THE FOOT HILLS_________ 

Used eltmentary size 

 classroom furniture 

 from the North East 

Independent 
School 

District will be sold by 

 auction on 
Wed­ 

 nesdays, february 23, 

March 2,9,16, and 23, 

1977 at 7:1 S p.m. 

For cash Fast Service Will trad* 
MOE OePAOLO 
144 1o91_________ 
R E A L T O R 
WHY PAY RENT? Own your own bam*, no dawn eayment ta an yen*! Payments less than rent 
Lloyd Montgomery_____ steno* 
U t SUL WEEMS A ASSOC 
Sealed Bid eree osait will be received by me Board et Trustees of the Norm East independent 
School District tor the tallowing item at me time shawn 
FABRIC A TEO MEAT , I OO p rn 
Wednesday, february ll. 191/ 

Bid terms may be picked rte brier ie bid opening in the office of me 
D irecter el 
P u rchasin g 
V E H O . 16111 Broadway, Son 
Ai-K.ntU, I liras_________________ 

S t e r lin g B u rk * 

R a t a C a n t o (N orth) 
Rata C a n t o (South) 

C la r a B a n * C o th e r . 

V ir g in ia C e r v e n k a , 

G a * * - D a k a r . ............ f lo s o u r & k f iit U 
L 

•24-6331 
7 3 6 4 .9 6 
5 3 2 7 5 o o 
3 4 4 -o 2 2 $ 
635-5131 

6 9 o -8 9 9 o 
6 7 4 -3 S S 2 
3 4 4 -3 o 7 8 
828-8241 

4 9 4 -7 7 1 ! 
34 4-23 41 

$ 3 3 -7 1 6 3 
4 9 4 -3 $ 4 I 

• 2 6 -o 6 o 6 
63 6-34 41 

Cosh* Hills Terrace-eff Jackson 
Keller Open l l tar your inspec­ tion (weather permittme). I Be­ drooms. I dens. fireplace, separ­ ate dining room se? Ona 144 lien 

G r a c e A r n o l d 
REALTORS M LI 

LOOP A U 

R E A L T O R S — 
5 o Y E A R S O E T R U S T 
146 CROMRELi 
1?4 
LEGAL NOTICiS 
D an J*hee*an (Northtweet) f a m i l y c h a r m ell through the house Paneled den with brookiest bar Boy win 
Mew rn breakfast nee* 3-1-1 bes work mo*, privacy fenced, fruit trees, outdoer ber Cern* seal 
Oeen I—A 7918 Memory Forest 
MAC B E A L ESTATB MAISH 
FORREST OL BH. I SOI Meadow 
Green, I I* earn. Must Lek i l l, 
• Lerna master, fireplace tun car pat. Meka atter an Equity end assume 
/*•*• 
VA or t i l . IWS 
*8» 4 
» 
» 
1 
___________ 

OPEN I M S 9o, Louin cart has been lavished on tins J bedroom I bath bhd den home Beautiful watt lo wall cor actine, reel fireatace. 
Custom drupes m c iu U r J lo v e ly kitchen that includes slave, retrta, dishwasher and treater, double caroa* Owner must sell 
Shown By Man* Ceded* 719-4194. n o 41*o 
P E TE CANTU R EA L ESTATE 

Sunday only, bv owner, S H with ' separata family roam. covered! patio, finished ear ae*. AM PM ! intercom. SISLO balow m arket! erica, law equity el se*** a n * 1 payments at 111* ar refinance1 ti*.MW COM eel 7144 or 414 SMS 
*£«*S2!L**SSSA____________ 
O R I N H O U S E 2 T O S 
4722 I L V K D A O O 
REDUCED S1.MB- Living it gasp 
1 in this termer medal hem* WUN. large bright country kitchen FO 
! rn family ream. FuMv area** AM soph anc es *o with home This en* weal last f le a m 

A P U B L I C H E A R I N G w ill be beld en T u e s d a y . Fe- br aery it. it?? at ? P m ai me 
Gut G a rcia Auditorium , nee 
Run, cenceretn* me Barly Child heed Education Feasibility Com md** $tu ,i,i. 
Additional infarmofian may be upturned bv (alin it Mr 
David 
Henere ai 411-11*1 Bkt Me et f it . 

C e n t u r y 21 
MMI Fox Briar I Let IMI 
Hew hem* en I acres of a Beau tautly weeded tract, la rod M i l l 
•amity roam. beam ed c o lh e d rsi telfing, woad bur in a# fireplace 
I*« beths, dining aff tare* Filchers, duo* caama!, wadi rn pantry, tut 
Iv (Brai led. S Skylights. I system arr-heal Oden daily tar msaecitan lh TRAIL WOOD. l l mi ngrtfiwesl et Wonderland auf IH lf 

U V S L ' V L S NCS. 

 ad mA^m*mm S T 4mE5- 

 bra aetat rmmm m d e deery 
Sh wi gill tendtv n m h lie I * ( J O I podia • . 

Se*?TBoUMASTO** 4*4-? TY I 

. . m i 

RAY TEAL. REALTORS 

197 UQVtft 
OPEN }—4 Terrell Mills 
PRICE R ED U C ED ' Architect’s dream Over 1 • ga estg ta thence 
Weott en c ohms mi et design. I be d> earns I beths den a n e electric 
• It arm g lut queriers « visit ut mr urn i neui itreetece Priced nghl at H r M A i 1*4*4* 
MB AL I OBI e ll lis t 
SUI W iE M s A ASSOC 

U LI* !* 
— 
S U k l M J a 
O R IN 2—1 
13115 WKYQflKE 
; 
IN LARKSPUR 
MU se « rn ms att Orick cue aid hens*. I Living erg**, ta r mal Of l f mg I* A I* mailer Bedroom, re c* w en in e arn s* , e n d fa m ily re a m 
C o s y a c c e s s I* i n l l *6 
O Conder Read 
•1*4*4o 
BEAL TORS 
IM M tl 
S U B WEEMS E ASSOC 

CASH (or HOMES 
We Buy HOMBS end B O utfits 
Monett (Mutant, ane Fest Ser­ vice We ear en CLesm* Coef* 
CeM fed* et Berms*. M i aile ilA klftt!__ 
C es* tor veer her mud* gaudy kttfr i i f M m r n in r r 
S C A M S 

- 
- 
. 

5*22 Bartel Knoll 
O fta n Sunday I S GO 
J I I L E . O B F B w ith F ir guide* harm ga fir .VIS, rig h t err Forest 
MOV ta 
F o r* * ! 
A n a n le i i m 
Anytime 

 wI A L l& £ l* k l______ 
OREN HOUSE I S 
•4o4 G L E N CO U R T 
B e tte r m e n n ew i l l P r ic e d I* set! a archly 
C om * se* la d e s 
•1*4111 

 lic ia e iv * M ar im en I. f l i t Au 
•amu Leaf. I story re * in ch , 
Gear elan Custom Built l e i I 
San** uerge te<hmm hvtnareoni. 
W ith hreatecg. sunny kit th en with 
Oar termly inurn vnlh rn**.ass 
•era* each yard tar peal end w» ms court, Doon sunday hem I to 

 l l t v 
N i r D P * N M O U ! A "V*St 

4124 MILLSTEAD 
• bedroom beme near UYiA end 
M u t u e l Canter 
4 •< e fien ! ce n ti lien OPEN sunday b i Weu'ner 
Per minus* 1(4-4111 
Century 21 

— S I H I M I 
. . 
»•*(! rou e W A H I Ab 
IN ISSI I s p e lls M W I 
• A ll i l l ie e e 

E 
X 
P 
R 
E 
S 
S 
- 
N 
E 
W 
S 
L I N E S 
R N d f l V K I g t E ^ W R a N f j B p i 

S 
A 
V 
I 
N 
G 
S 
. 
. 
. 
I 
O d a y s 

NON COMMERCIAL! 

. 
C A N 
C t U 
A S I i 
' ' n K W ITHOUT 
: 
A A T O f H 
I M f t l 
2 2 5 - 1 6 6 6 
J w m c m m m J r 
■ ' ■ 

Q 
U 
I C 
K 
R 
E 
S 
U 
L 
T 
S 
! 

2o2 HOUSES OPEN 

OPEN SUNDAY 

TH E O A K S I N S A N 
P f D A O H IL L S 
23o6 SHADOW CUR 
I sOO - 5 : 3 o p .m . 

D«1tghtfuHy decorated 2 story rock homo. Large single living 
WM. rock fireplote 
Separate formal dining. 3 bedrooms and gome roam (or fourth bedroom) and 
2 decorator baths. 
"Today s" kitchen has cheerful breakfast area overlooking wooded lot. Swim club nearby, bus to NL. schools. 494-7651 
ANTTIME 

W H IS P E R IN G O A K S 
1151o WHKPfR DEW 

3 : o o t o 5 : o o p .m . 

(harming contemporary 4 large bedrooms, 2 open living areas with fireplaces. Large separate dining room. light and airy kit then fully equipped to please i punnet chef Fee, smoke am iurglar alarms system. Heated poo 
342-3211 ANYTIME 

 a ond 
Sprinkler 
Trees, (all 

C A S T U H IL L S 
1o2 BRIARCLIFF 
2 : 3 o t o 5 : 3 o p .m . 

NEW LISTING! Split level home ideol for large family 
4 bedrooms pius quarters. 
Spacious family room is 28 * 
14.3' with fireplace 
Recently redecorated Bright and cheerful kitchen. Separate living and din ing rooms Oversized lot Con­ venient fa schools ond molls. 
342-3211 ANYTIME. 

C H A R T E R O A K S 
3o1o NANTUCKET 
3 : o o t o 5 : 3 o p .m . 

THE SPANISH TOUCH and ideal for entertaining This fine home boasts a sunken Kvina room/ dining room area with fireplace, 
3 bedrooms, 2 baths Self cleon ing oven plus refrigerator ond ice maker. $6o,9oo. 342-3211 
ANYTIME. 

T H O U S A N D O A K S 
164o7 LEDGE PARK 
2 : 3 o t o 5 : 3 o p .m . 

SUPER HOUSE IN A SUPER AREA! 
2 story contemporary on well landscaped lot, J bedrooms, 2 Vt baths one living area with dou­ ble fireplace and wet bar Large separate dining room ond o bught game room for the kids. 
342-3211 ANYTIME 

H ID D E N F O R E S T 
1131 BIRCH HIU 
3 : o o t o 5 : 3 o p .m . 

Gorgeous split level. 3 bedrooms phis gome room with balcony 
4 bedrooms), 2'/z decorotor 
Iii, formal and informal liv­ ing areas, duo! fireplace, formal drama Muster bedroom 19 2*14 has lovely dressing area ond 
(talented bom Designed far gracious living 
Only 
$65,5oo 494 7651 ANYTIME 

TH E S U M M IT 
1o434 APPLEGATE 
3 : o o t o 5 : 3 o p .m . 

ON A QUIET CUL OE SAC lovely 
2-story, 4 bedrooms, 2 baths, large living roam, paneled den built-in kitchen, nicely carpeted. 

824-Om ANYTIME 
Near shopp-ng Only $43,9oo 
121 ANY?!"* 

B A R C L A Y S Q U A R E 
1433o OAK SHADOWS 
2 : o o t o 5 : o o p .m . 

UNIQUE brick contemporary nestled among oaks on neofly 
VS oat 3 bedrooms, 2 bofhs, seprate living ond dining rooms family room boosts twin skylights. fireplace ond cathedra! ceiling Happy kitchen pius Hondo room Priced right. 
494 /651 ANYTIME 

S T A G E C O A C H H IL L S 
9423 SADDLE TRAIL 
3 : 3 o t o 5 : 3 o p .m . 

IH IO TO BOERNE STATE ROAD TO 
STAGE COACH HIU TO SADDLE 
TRAIL DRIVE 
Enjoy horseback riding on 2 acres over looking hid country vista Spanish split level home with 4 bedrooms, 2 baths, on* living orea Witt cathedral ceiling ond fireplace 
Priced to sell ct $76,ooo. 824 
o121 ANYTIME 

C A S T U H IL L S T E R R A C E 
513 GLADIOLA 
2 : o o t o 5 : 3 o p .m . 

 lee High School JUST LISTED' 4 spacious bedrooms, 2 lovely baths, living room pius den 
Sparkling dean throughout AK burk home Large word Children con walk to school 
Superb location. Remarkably priced et only $45,9oo Assume low S'/cH note or refinance 
494 7651 
ANYTIME 

M I S S I O N T R A C E 
11426 HOLLOW TREE 
2 : o o t o 5 : 3 o p .m . 

JUST LISTED1 An eicepiionaMy beautiful home in a pork like setting with a tremendous view 
4 lorge bedrooms, 2 large baths 
(on# a dub) lo g * kitchen with builtin teamaker, cerning rooking $86,75o Cad 342 3211 
AN YI IME 

A L G E R IT A P A R K 
27o3 CASTANET DRIVE 
2 i 3 o t o 5 : 3 o p .m . 
I Wreaker PermlMlngl 

Off VANCE JAKSON NORTH Of 
LOOP 41o Beautiful 4 bodtMim, 
2W baths, spacious pac family team with fiieptoce Im 

 mg room AM electric four met kitchen. New corpefa and Aapes 

2o2-HOUSES OPEN 
2o2 ■ HOUSES OPEN 

 od yard enth oak trees. 124 

^ o ) 2 1 ANYTIME 

 t t u i o e - i t r u n o rtw it 

OPEN SUNDAY 2 TO 6 
6811 BURNLEY 
In CAMELOT ll, Just listed, 3-2-2, 
I convenient to Et Som, Rondolph 
| and Windsor Park Moll. Fireplace in family room, beautifully landscaped, refrigerator stays. 
538,9oo 

11523 WHISPER 
DEW 
A WHISPERING OAKS BEAUTY! Sa* this 4 bedroom. SVS bath home loaded with extras Circular kitchen, micro wave oven, gam* room. 2 wet bors, $1o7,9oo 

971-975 
OAKWOOD 
IN WOODLAWN HILLS. 3 bedroom. 2 both with fireplace, and pool situat­ ed on on aa* of fruit and native trees. Let your guest enjoy the privacy of the two roam guest cot 
'aga, with kitchen. Northsrde School 
District $44,5oo 
11o4o7 LM. MARCY 
IN 
OAK 
GLEN 
AREA, large 
S bedrooms, 3W bath family home in 
Churchill District. Fantastic built-ins, selves, and closets Bonus room up. 
Rear entry garage ond much more. 
$89,7oo 

8631 SWEET 
MAIDEN 
Equity $2,442 
Assume lovely 4 bedroom, 2 bath on corner lot in 
Americana 
$213 per month. 
Possession 2 weeks Convenient to 
Lackland Kelly $25,5oo 

1o8 SHADY TRAIL 
Popular 4 bedrooms, 2 VV bath home, large comer lot completely privocy fenced Side entry garage 
Fireplace in family room. $7o,9oo 

7818 WILD EAGLE 
(lose to UTSA, 3 bedrooms, ? beths, family room with lorge rock fireplace. Beautiful paneling, new carpets, large lot with circular drive lots of trees $52,5oo 

6838 SPRING ROSE 
Extras complete this 4 bedroom, 2 fall baths All you need to move in. 
Drapes, refrigerator, privacy fenced, gieen house. 
Owner relocating, 
$3o,9oo 

54o RUE DE 
MAHA lovely 4 bedroom, 2 bath home on large treed lot. Exceptionally nice master suite with double dressmt area. Living, dining, and poneiec den with fireplace. {$7,9oo 

43o7 MUIRHEID 
IN IHI V IIIX * IN O U HIUS. 
Beautiful 3 bedroom, 2 both garden home with corner fireplace ond wet bar in family room. 2 community pooh ond duo house $78,5oo 
Also, another 3 / golden home for 
$73,5oo 

4313 MUIRHEID 
IN THE VILLAGE IN OAKS HIUS An 
I exceptionally beautiful 2 bedrooms, 
2 VV oath, contemporary bright and cheerful homo with study and wet bar. dub house, J community pooh. 
$89,ooo. 

3 4 4 . 3 o 7 8 
8 3 8 - 8 2 4 1 
4 9 4 - 7 7 1 1 

OMEN HOUSE J TO 5 
265 GENESEO 
T B K U M U S - AH SCHOOLS 
— Enjoy the elegance ond present day luxury in a magnificent residence in choice location with GUEST HOUSE landscaped grounds include heated swimming pool 4-3 with formal dining (FP), library 
Immediate possession 
1922 WEXFOKD 
(OFF BARRINGTON) 
MARY MONT A R U - Lux­ urious 3-2VV TOWNHOUSE with dramatic 2 story living room with fireploce. Has master suite down 
Plush carpet, drapes, wet-bor, atrium, 3-car garage 

2135 OAK (REIK 
SAN FLORO M US 
(OAK HOLLOW ESTATES - 
OFF KROOK HOLLOW) Hand some 3-2-2, white brick with dramatic living room with wood burning fireploce and cathedral ceiling 
Master bedroom with dressing room. 
Plush carpos and draperies. 
Bright gourmet kitchen. 

JONIS-KING 

H 6 - M 3 9 

2o2 - MOSES OCHI 

O M N 1-1 
I l l M T E R IN R A S S 
I OCOCX NO. Of HI LOCM ANC. 
Country kitchen with fireploce, featured in this 3-2 home in quiet area 
Finished basement with bath 732 1291. 
3 3 8 C L U B D R . 
Colonial brick home in excellent condition perfect for family, 3 2 plus den with fireploce-much more! 828 1962 
2 4 1 W . E L S M E R E 
Unique Mediterranean 2 story, color ond imagination thru out this 3 or 4 bedroom home Walled courtyard Quarters, 826-5893. 
2 8 2 6 O L D R A N C H R D . 
Unusual split level Contemporary in beautiful treed urea. 4-3, plus green house. Entry, lorn* living- dining. 826-$6oo. 
CAROLYN GRAHAM 
Roofer 8264473 Anytime 

2o2 HOUSES OPEN 
2o8 APARTMERTS-DIIPLEXES 

YE OLDE FOREST 
S u rro u n d * tim E n g lis h T u d o r home Almost 2 ocres of forest. S bedroom, J'» bath, gam e room, fomilv room, living room, deck. 
Wet bor, m icrow ave oven, sun garden window IH IO N O R T H ­ 
W E S T . 17 m ile s N O R T H O F 
W O N D E R L A N D E X IT T A R P O N 
O R IV E . FoHow signs. O P E N S A ­ 
T U R D A Y A N O S U N D A Y 
KGN Company 
O M H O M E B U 'L I 
698-2445 
D E R S 

2o4-PRoPERTY OOT OF TOWN 

I N V l 'S Y S I T 't : H S T C T V e n l o l area, Ouplex-Abartment, colleges ond business district neor. 
(24-4 JOT. 
REQUA REALTY CO duple* 

732-2435 
L A M 
R e d e co rate d old e r J unit, fu rn ish e d . S ta y s rented. {SSO incom e. Se p arate meters- Excellent investm ent at 
539,4oo. Assum e 5254 paym ents or refinance. 494-5221 ( A N Y T IM E ) 
RED CARPET 

Large duplex near shopping 
227-o227 Watson & Son 
N E A R 'F T 

I8 * 
5 
* ! ® 

OPEN HOUSE 
NO O N TO DUSK 

Come see our unbelievable prices of new homes 

5 6 3 3 C R E E K W O O D in W o o d s t o c k 

Prices range from $29,9oo ond up Three ond four bedrooms, off 
Nacogdoches Rd 

6 5 6 - 3 o o o 

Bean ie Ow ens 
WALTORS-MIS 

O P E N 2 : o o - 5 : o o 
9 5 2 6 S U M A C C IR C U 
In OAKDEN (K X M off T IM M * 
BOSI. I OO*- brick borne on 
H saw wHfl toll 

O P E N 2 : 3 o - 5 : 3 o 
1 1 8 o 6 B U T T O N 
W IL L O W C O V E 
In 5U M M IBH IU off PATRICIA toowtffuily 
Confowyorory opr don homo. . ontwoly fen­ ced for privacyt A torger- tf*an-UMM») tot wtfh a cedar covered polio. . .SoWHo-tHo and carpeting, 
.mooter bedroom downetnlr*. 9 mere bedroom, up. living room with flroptCKO. vaporer# din­ ing room and a bouw room 
22x1 SI 
$75,ooo RIAITORS 4o4-7771 w r w i r w m g . . 

(compteto with apa) leis of docking and a covered polloi 
A terras*# entry leech lo riv­ ing and dining roomi and a family room with a flroptoco 

 colling. Walnut 'pimpling bi family room and flnltnod, dotfbw m m m m I 
S7 3.9o & at2 R o a S 633-7841 
G U Y C H IP M A N C O . 

 do. 
3 astral. 

O M N 2 TOA 
(NCMANTID FOREST 
1 1 6 o 7 V E R A D E R O 
C ill - do - coe bedral 
Collings bedrooms, loft 
$46,5oo. 
O M N R T O 9 
Iliff ESON ARIA 
1 6 3 o W . H IL D E B R A N D 
Darling 
2 bedroom homo which could Haute o butine.*, min* condition for $34,5oo. 

2 1 4 7 O A K W I I D ingllth Tudor, 4 f iler* bonus room ac orion 556,5oo. 
8 2 8 - 6 3 9 1 A N Y T IM E 

 room. 
I tee Hoot 

DE AMIE OWENS 
HAlTORS-NLS 
N. LOOF OFC. 

CHOICE DUPLEXES 

GOOD INVESTMENT - 4 units 
Masonry, completely famished 
Key location for rental $42,5oo 

MODERN CONVENIENT! Home ond 
Income A fine Duplex live in on* side and th* rent from the other will help your purchase.................$4o,9oo 

3 4 2 - 3 2 1 1 A N Y T IM E 

■(ALTOM - SO T U B OI TWIT 

Near Witte Museum 
D u p le * in p e rfe ct co n d itio n . 
Priced below 52o,ooo. Will sell V A or F H A. D A V ID P O Z Z I R E A L ­ 
T O R S 349-4195. E ve s 344-5o42 
Need An ^scellen! Invesfm entf 
2 story 4 unit apt. Eoch has living room, bedroom , bath. Equipped kitchen. 
536,5oo. 
(26 2439 
R E A L T O R S 

M E N K I N G s e V fe fe A L F t f d B l h Y t f e i are currently available with a wide range et incom es. F o r m o rt In formation, call M a rge 653-315o or 
Cathy (26-E734 

 feosoar&kfilTK,; Q & n t H D L ? ! 

7o acre s of land on G uad alupe 
River close to San Antonio B a y ’ i miles to the River front (plenty of deer and wild hog.) (SO acres field 
Rice or M ane.) Cobin, minerals. 
512oo Coll ofter 6 p.m. 1-5o-6274 

Two I bedroom, ane i bedroom tri plex in excellent rent location. 
Positive cash How. Only 53o,ooo. 
732-El 11 
FAMILY REALTY 

A R K A N S A S O Z A R D K S • Land of 
Milk and Honey Write far Free big catalog: High Country Realty, 
Box 488S. Yellville. Ark 
72647 
Hurry 

O R E N 1 - 5 
23o BASSWOOD 
In Bellview, off Vance Jackson 
Supai nice 2 bedroom home 
$18,ooo Drive by or col! 828 57o4 
126 SANDY OAK 
In live Ooh. oH Welcome Dr. 
Beautiful 3 bedrooms and 2 baths lovely large covered polio, quiet cut de soc. $26,ooo. Drive by or call 828 S/o4 
CENTURY 21 
BOB RODGERS, RIAITORS 

OPEN SUNDAY 2 TO 5 
144 RIDGE 
TRAIL 
HOLLYWOOD PARK, 

4 bedroom s off Trail 
Crest. A must see! 
3 4 9 - 4 3 4 3 

BLANCO FO O K . 

B O E R N E . T E X A S ! B e a u tifu l rock home In Steel Valley, 2 mites from B o e rn e ,perfect for la rg e fam ily, 4 b e d ro o m s (sp lit), 3 baths, tormol and informal living areas, fam ily room with vaulted ceiling and rock fireplace. M ony trees on 2 acres, 1 j ocre fenced with lack roam and stalls. Boerne 
School bus of corner North on 
Main SI. Turn right on Sisterdole 
Road. I 5 M iles to Steel Valley. 
Only 
579,5oo 
Call 
494 7*31 
A N Y T IM E . 
ROSOW A KLINE 
R E A L T O R S 5o Y e ars of T R U ST 
FO R S A L E B Y O W N E R , in Pear- sail, Frio County, four ocres In rich oil boom town, with 2 new houses, suitable for Apis. or Of­ fices. No city taxes, but all city h o o k -u p s. E x c e lle n t in c o m e property or investm ent 53o,ooo. 
Financing available to right par- ty. 1-312-663-2525. 

 i i i bi IT A E T t m i & 'k 
Separate m eters, fully rented. 
53E.ooo ; 555o Income per mo 
P L A T T R E X I E S T A T E 733-4761 
To units. 7 fully occupied, i need m a in te n a n c e re p a ir, id e al for m ain tenance m an, $4ooo dow n and assum e loan of 
559,ooo 
828-69o7. 
V A A ^ f t l l i E b D U f r L E X e r 
$15,ooo ach, 2 a d lo ce n t B ld g s. 
1826-183 IO N Pine. Stead y in come, walk! distance Ft. Sam. It purchased together will Include all furnishings. Income 548o mo 
826 2o5o 
“ w Sl'k'YO-Sr MABYTOW V™ 
F e rn duplex, good m onthly in come. Alw ays rented. Owner will carry. Reasonable terms. 518,ooo 
R E A L T O R 
491 HOO 
Century 21 
E L A IN E L U D W IG & ASSOC 
W ILL T R A D E, lot or lots deed to lot at Canyon Lake Com m ercial or residential for equity In income pioi!t2fy_6S$-4269 
^ ^ ^ ^ 

21o HOUSES NORTHEAST 

H O R S E S H O E . B a y L ak e L B J , 
T o w n h o u se s, 512-598-5444 or 
5962341 .________________________ 
L A V E R N IA 2 Bedroom home ond rent house, on 2 acres, blk from store, I 779-4o31_________________ 

?o6 TOWNHOUSES 

HMi my I 

OPEN SUNDAY 
I TO S MR 
I IF 
HOUTWOOO FARR t orton i* ) (e m ie# th* I bedroom, 7 bath end den home with covered peri* on hug* let with Oak trees, fertile get (far stereo* budding and mer*, far only $39 IOC 
SOIfUfTW OOO 
HOUTWOOO PARI 
Mott** is th* teeing you get ie birt***. J both fag 
11*11 den is r n h i 
U h of built ms and beekshefvei 
AK far eely $43 9oo 
O R SI l l TO S 
SAM MORO M IU 
TOMHMlni . i. 
EROH* HOU ow DK, 
14641# • 14418 t u m i d eggerhUMfy ft pick ug 
• lew equity ted enjoy e Insure 
Met!rf* ti Hie sam ami n tithe* end t(homely etwestive 2 bed*een , I bath affa • «*«» gat ie ar spra 
I tmh min 17S IH a 

 intpfeK* ead aet hen. peel md id rim fat y wytntnl g 

349-1436 
I 

O N N 2 TO A 
INCH ANTIQ WRIST 
11634 RAINDROP 
Don't let this one get away! On a quiet tut de soc, sits this truly lovely 2 story home that bos been remodeled like you would not believe lh* neighborhood is yr-at ond th* pm* unbelievably 

SHENANDOAH 
4242 GOSHEN PASS 
When you see me, you mil wont me I hove 3 nu* bedrooms, ond o large family room ond I am fully drop**) I think I am worth at (east $5o,ooo, but my owner says he mil sell me in th* low 
3o s. I m so sad 
OAK HOU OW (STATES 
13818 BROOKHOllOW 
26x21 family room rn this aorgeous 4 bedroom home Mrs 
(leon lives here Trued in SO s. 
MOOCN FOREST 
1591o CREPE MYRTLE 
Talk about impressive! Th* smgi* living oreo rn this 4 bedroom home looks almost 3 stones high* 
A fantastic buy in th* SO s. 

DEVONSMRf 
15oo LOCKSHIRE lovely corner toepiece in this large family room 3 bedrooms. 
Ona eiirpi'oooWy well planned home ond priced 4o s 

U CHAPP AKAI 

5 o 1 4 PELICAN 

This could bt your buy of a lifetime 
J bedrooms. 2 baths, double garage cmd huge Irving 
Bree Only $3o,9oo 
349-351$ 349-SI 11 

I Oeaaie Ow ens 
Et Ai I CATS-bks 
(a. SUITORS 

N. CENTRAL OK. 

PREFERRED PROPERTIES 
OPEN 2-5 
4o1o GLENROCK 

 laurel tads. E R Leap 41o m d 
Runback, 
I 
Heck west to, lovely french with 

S T O 
T T S ----------- 
SAN htoeo M ills • 1(1o OAK 
MOUNTAIN. ort CMwmey Way. 
Delightful 3-3-3, Reoploto in sunken O N I ll VINO ARIA, ex- n a .I M n ooo 
OAK HI115 TttBACI • 71o3 
GCO* Of actants. 
Off 
Cory 
Gran*. 
Conte* let, 
4-3-3, boomed den, fireplace, cover­ ed eerie M i SOO. 
THC HILLS . 131o1 l l M N D I RO 
OH Perrin M itel SO MUC Hi 3- 
3-3, 16x33 kvina, intercom. 
$3o,9oo. 
6 9 o - 9 8 o 2 l G R E A T 
A M E R I C A ] 

O P E N 1 : o o - 5 : o o 
1 2 o D O G W O O D 
In CASTU h il ls eft LOCK- 
-SELMA. 
H ill-M U A A Sprwwflng. ta rh-styie heme en a huge fat writ* a * oak .I torii bo riled eerie, 
Open 

 gk»t*d-in family area deers in each ream, open ante rise peris. 3 bedrooms in rim m an House end rn Alb firth beth guesthouse Cpaltry kitchen, complete with micro ■ wave even. 
$43, SOOKtALTOaS 444-7771 
G U Y C H IP M A N C O . { 

NEAR FT. SAM 

I bedroom, both, living room, breakfast area and kitchen each side. 522,5oo. 
Mites 656-758o. 

NAYLOR REALTY 

GALLERY Of HOMES 

656-552o 69T-TT2I 341-9191 

B A B C O C K N O R T H . IS M sa ft. living a re a r) bedroom, JV» bath, convenient to Medico! Center and 
Lac kla n d Kelly No Q ualifying, assum e and move in H urry! 
H U G H E S A B R IS C O E 
924-4)11 
R E A L T O R S 
923 )479 
3 b e d ro o m to w n h o u se in M o - rymont area, bv owner, large pa­ tio, electronic kitchen 45)18o8 

O P E N 2 : o o - 5 : o o 
5 7 1 5 V A U f Y F O N O I 
Hi V ALLIV 1o4o* OH IN M - n HOC W I 
Stunning 3 -story brick 'n «adet heme with 

 guards, bas trie entry, hvtnf, 

 wrih 
Wrsxlxi. mad beek- shelvesi 
4 ksdreems. 
SVS beths, burit-in kitchen, eerie. 
$44,4oo I LAI roe J 444 7 77 I 

S V T i t t i r i m t t h . 

O N TOP 
Of TNE LA CK LANO-KOLT 

ORIN SUNDAY I TO S 
( borating 3 bedroom, IVV both, i on verted garage, faity carpeted 
$75,ooo (ame by today ond ta* 
Cd Vatquez 
62o7 FIR VALLEY 
ADAMS HME 
3 bedroom 7 both doubt* aerage converted to family roam. VA ap­ praised at $28,ooo Com* by A se* Flo Herb*rd 
H i m 
DONELSON 
67S-28SO 
Beanie Ow ens 
RIAITORS-MLS 

$. W IS T O R C . 

BUY LESS THAN RENT 
Clote ta U T SA and U S A A in th* hills. Do see these excrtina C on­ tem porary Townhouses Several different m odels for your choos m g *38.7oo to $48,4oo 9 5% fin ­ ancing available with a o n * year buy-back plan For details, call 
Frank 
Rotondi 
341-9141, 
Nit#* 
344-1932 
Naylor Realty Inc 

S a n A n t o n i o E X P R E S S - N E W 
S - 

. 
. 
_ 
. 

S u n d a y F e b r u a r y 2 o 1 9 7 7 
P a g e 1 3 - C 
T 
21o HDUStSXOHTMtAST 

C H A R T E R O A K S V IL L A G E ■ 
Bv owner, lovely 4 bedroom can­ el arninium with fireplace, 2o12 salt., $44.4oo * 9o-1*33 art, r jprg. 

NEAR TRINITY 
I FLOCK NO. Of HILDEBRAND 
Country kitchen with fireploce featured in this 3 7 homo in quiet area finished batement with bath 
732 1291, 826 56oo 
NEAR JEFFERSON 
(ofaniol brick home in excellent condition perfect for family 
3 7 pius den with brephic* much mare! 
824 S279, 826 37M 
MONTE VISTA 
Unique Meditemineon 7 story, calor ond imagination Dimout this 3 ar 4 bedroom home Wotted courtyard 
Quartan 826 5893, 733 8946 
TERRELL HILLS lovely or truced grounds make pretty letting foe rim attractive 3-2 with pool and guest hem* 826 
3349,824 5279 
OLMOS PARK 
Beautiful intenor appointment!. 
Spot tout Irving ond dining roams 
C 
' y dan Lower lev*) room cauld many mas. 826 3738, 826 
3349 
NEAR DOW NTO W N 
Duplex - good income property . furnishings included rn price, 7 bedroom, one I bedroom with den 
733 8946.826 5193 
OAK FOREST 
Unusual split level Contemporary in beautiful tread oreo 4 3 plus pre house 
Entry, large Irving rbnm 
826 $6oo. r h 1291 
CAROLYN GRAHAM 
REALTOR R28-M 73 ANYTIME 

 rang 

THIS TIME 

You can afford to fan rn love large 

 bedroom, aa conditioned home 

 i Terrell Hills Hugo yard with 

 alley ones: $45,ooo with flexible 

 terms. Hites 65$ 8421. 

DON’T LOOK TWICE - 

There wan t be time 
Hashed 

 amang nice homes on a cut tie sac 

 street, we have a home far a faint 

 ly that appreciates ben hon 
3 

 bedrooms, 2 baths. Hying room ond 

 family roam pius garage converted 

 to ideal game room with central 

 heat and ok Don't wait, coll now 

FAMILY SPECIAL 

Big Yoni! 4 Bedroom1 2 Baths' Fami 

 ly room) Northeast Schools! less 

 thon $4o,ooo! In Eldorado! Colt 

824 o171 ANYTIME far appt to 

 seel 

WANT A HOME? 

Hot just a house? Wall, hare is ane 

 you must sea Absolutely gorgeous 

4 bedroom, 2 M l baths, living 

 dining, large den, ond garden kit­ 

 chen whore you can serve your 

 family outside by the Mumming 

 pool which ti surrounded by 

 beautiful landscaping 

PRICE SLASHED 

$7,ooo cut an Hnmocufata farmer 

 model home Owner must sell 3-2 

7 with fireplote ond fuNy carpeted 

Won t last long (all now 

CHARMIN’ 

Uke now 3 bedroom, 2 bath, cen 

Ira! air-hoot, Kirby area. Great 

 access to Eondolph $32,45o 

BEGINNER’S LUCK 

Your first home u n be this 

 beautiful 4 bedroom, 7 bath ham* 

 with formal Irving room First class 

 condittsn Must sea to appreciate 

Northeast Schools Only $77,95o 

QUALITY AND CHARM 

Begins right at th* front doer of 

 this large 
I living area Witt 

 fireplace, ond formal dining Kit 

 chan has top quality appliances 

 lots of built ins thruaut Screened 

 in parch plus patio, 4 bedrooms, J 

 luxury baths— Don't wait rail 

CAU 824-o171 ANYTIME 

 rid carpet n 
E 
A 
L 
T 
H 
M 
S 
: , ' 

PRE-OWNED HOMES 

FENCED CORNER LOT 
Sparkling (LfANW 3-7 7 hixury shred master bedroom, hug* bvtng dining room area toepkxe low equity fat $41,5oo 
.mm* move In Hites 658 1428 

2 U u m s m m n i j r a m w i 

 ii (drat* 

BEAUTIFULLY 
LANDSCAPED 

Neatly 71oo tq ft. colonial 4 bedroom en ail de sat Near pool, dub, tennis and ((Dorado Hemen 
New condition Mites, 822 
S i 
U X G ! OXX TREES 
Owner has moved. Assume his THA loan or (jo new Carpeting in tarp# sing!* Irving area and In master bdrm., fireplace, large walk in daset, moral* vanity top. fencing end fondiaxrad Consider 2nd Hen 
Mites, 656 8218 
WO WU I 
Younger than iprinatter# ond |uit os frosh. $ 2 2. with banus room fat oome roam of formal dining hiepfaie and redwood covered polio Hilts, 824 9818 
LITTIE AND LOVEABLE 
BARGAIN 
7 bedroom 
I bath, carport, carpeted thruout double oven New roof, Aloma Hgti v hoots Niles. 827 9438 
MOVE-IN NOW 
Uke new, this J 7 2 with separate dining and 7 Irving areal Owner transferred Niles, 824 9818. 
SPACIOUS 
4 7 7 Decorator Showcase Home! 
Elegant custom dopes. Se* to 

OREN SUNDA T 
1-| PJO. 
WINDCREST 
7o9 RichfidM 
Colonial 4 bedroom JVS bath brick home on cut de-sot Split level with 
2 master suttas On* large Irving oreo with separate doing ream 
$2/oo sq. It orth many extras 
Hast Peg Vowed 655-o7o7, 653 

I5 
? 
” 
! ® 
■ 
■ 
O M N 2 : o o - 6 . o o 
M j 
I 9 2 o 6 R EG A L R O A D b ctow teNuj 
FARK att 
MAecroiS Ftriur* pretty, tel knkfc hews a ith large Ikrliiy, hi m2? r ,* nU 
-P MF trull 

. i apes! ta lh# rial J b edrel!ma. J tu t u ~ .1 
ALAMO HE to m * 

Courtyard entry Irak 3 7 2 Duel 
11 fn 
OHfdl (J i ii i i I its family loam with t i r n us* af gless Semite tee seemed (tiling Sunshine morn- 
K ern, flowered grounds Neor 
UTSA, Bedeaf (amplex 

W 
W 
* * * * * * * * * * * 

3o8 HIU COUNTRY 
LANE 
2'/j ACRES 

Md! Country ViHagt att Tower Dr ie the trees on era** meadows sui tm brab 4 2 2. den 

Hasses her*, tee 

2o6 PRIMERA 

o totes Fork Trees shad* ten neat 
I story, 4 3 2 Inane end An rooms Naples* 27 A bud tee work shop, quarters, utdrty lf AAFXX A'-—-XXI itAKwH 
Aas* f vQrfl MewrElNst TTRs^pT*3 xAYMffFEa 
126-2347 
REALTORS 

 o p in mourn 
Aari e a t* ut put # ***« *! BOVO#* nam e* 3 a td rto x n i, I i • *'» » . ir w ia t a . toot** tool, f o o l <*uh newt* carina* aa* b a — Ctetu to 
M e d la r t eater O R IN I i i CSM 
Ha cr 4 m it ti** I s a n i m s o n R R f L T Y 
E 9 M B8> 

O M N 1 - 5 W M . 
41oo CREEK RUN 
TWIN CREEK 
Mokt off ar on Equity ond assume loon toras all brick 3 bedroom with I corner fireplace 

J R 
* 
KEY GROUP 
GAM-DAK EE (EALEY 

 cozy 

I 

543 5oo M A I TO* I 4*4-7771 
Q U Y C H IP M A N C O - 

OPEN 2 TO $ 
46o7 CAMBY 
Extra large home within walk me distance of th* M edical Center 
N «w cu sto m iz e d kitchen, and much more. 
A99-Tooo Anytime 
Beanie Owens Co rife A t r p m Turtle Creek OU 
O R E N I 3o 5 
954? V IC T O R IA 
In rirmdwoad I stales, Ort W ind wood Dr Spanish 4 bedrooms, I 11 baths an I 4 acres 571.SM 
R E A L T O R 
491 D O E 

C O L O N IE S V IL L A G E Condom in ram. I bedrooms, I full baths, ap tritone**, shag carpet Equity and | ossum e 5197 mo or refinance 
914-4313 
H A S K IN S R E A L T Y 
E N C H A N T E D V IL L A O * 
, 
Luxury l - l ’v -L condo L arge 'iv m g ho* fireploce. Separate d in­ ing. Priced right al 547,ooo Ask I tor Gila Lucas 
341 9166 A N Y T IM E 
Century 21 j 
H O W A R D T A T E R E A L T O R S 
P O R S A L E B v O w n t r, C o n ­ dominium. Colonias North Area, 
1-1, all alec kitchen, w a sh e r-1 dryer connections, cover sd patio. tots ot storage 141 Q IU after 4 
F O R S A L E B Y O W N E R , North 
Miam i Beoch Florida a Beautiful 
9th. floor condomtmium, with po- I fro overlooking North M iam i ond 
Lake M oult, I bedrooms. I baths. 
134osa ff C A L L 344-o493_________ I 
M A R Y M O N T A R E A G la m o ro u s1 
Tow nhouse l - l 'r , m aster suite down. 3 ca r g a ra g e . (14-14)9. 
Jones K ing Realtors 

NO QUALIFYING 

ANO LOW EQUITY 
Condominium, Turtle C r*a k Area. 
3 b e d ro o m . I both, wet b e r, washer and dryer Immediate *<- c u p a n y c v 
O w n e r m u st soll- 
51o.ooo equity, will sacrifice tor 
55ooo 
341 E ll* 
A B D O 
494 3119 

S E N E C A E S T A T E S 

I bedroom. I 1 > both. luxury I story Tow nhouse, I co r fin­ ish e d g a ra g e - 
34o,5oo 
6(4-o711, 6 141)ll. 344 4197 

W O O D B R ID G E T O W N H O M E S l 
In Town 
Location 
Super 
Am en ti ie* 
OZ E isxniiouer 
______ *2**3o1 

“ll" is musing ham abay* You or* missing th# buy of th* area 
3 2 2 with fence in backyard and drapes itmoM 
(od 
Eeuben before H i tao late, 653-6364 
* SlGftT TO RESOLD 
Coll us for details and showing of this 3 bedroom, 7 bath Windsor 

ALAMO HGTV SCHOOLS 
T M tfU H U S - Envoy (leg ant* ond present day luxury in this 3-3 in (hake location living roam with woad burning hi* place, separate dining Garden room opens to brick terrace and emtosed tandwaped yard 
CONTEMPORARY 
MASTER­ 
PIECE — Unique in design this exciting stucco ham* with GUEST 
HOUSE often complete privacy on on acre setting 4 3 'A Living and family rooms hove two places SamHo til* floors thruout 
TEKREU MHU - Old World with tuiunaus provmom far todays living 
(ompieteiy renovated 7 years aga 4 4w plus qtrv Separate master suit* with his her dressing rooms 

J O N E S - K I N G 
8 2 6 - 2 4 3 9 
(v*4e 

 believe Under $45,ooo Mites 658 
1428 
GOOD NEIGHBORHOOD 
FOR YOUNG COURIE 
Who could ask far more? 3 bedrooms, covered patio, pnvacy fence, country kitchen 
Im maculate Pnctd et $23,9oo Niles 
876 7668 
A FINE BEGINNING 
HERRA NORTH 
3 Bedrooms, new en market NE schools Immaculate Priced to sell 
$23,5oo. Mites 826 7768 
CORNER LOT 
POPULAR VALLEY FORGE famous Vkgtoio pion 4 fireplace, formal living at dining room Landscaped corner tot Sable brawn carpet Mites 824 9818 
ASSUME 6% VA 
(harming 3-2-2, in established orea Under $3o,ooo Much tender farina care Walk to 

1428 
LOVER’S DEUGHT 
Ever papular Dakota Pion, $ 2 2, oversized family room eeth fireplote 
Goad equity 
Quick possession Niles 826 7668 

NEW I and 2 STORY 
HOMES 
NORTHERN HILLS 
$33,6oo to $36,45o 
3 and 4 bedrooms, immodioto occupancy 
Excellent wow in beautiful 
Northern HHH setting Carpeted and 7 car garage 
ROYAL RIDGE 
I and 7 Stacy. $43,5oo to $49,15o 
3 ond 4 bedrooms, carpeted, 7 ex garages ieeutfful neighborhood 

| 
D A Y O S N IG H T 
6 5 5 - 6 8 4 8 

$15555 mo Mites 658 

SELECT YOUR AREA AND PRICE RANGE 

HriTR aiw Saveroi Northeast Properties of th* Many 
Available to Show you. 

T H I G U N 
W h o p p in g big townhouse for the m oony 3 
B R O O K W O O D 
- 
Error m oos 3 bedroom . 2 Esath with fireplace. 
M am m oth covered patio. Ray Ellison 
CeteEsnty Pion. 

W O O D L A K E 
. 
6 7 1 5 
S h o rty L o tt* D r. Charm ing 
3 Esedroom, 2 bath, covered king site patio. 
M a n y cid ditionol features. 
O p e n terms. $ 4 o ,4 5 o . 

C A M E L O T ll • Better than new 3 bedroom , 2 bath, 2 living areas 
A steal at 
$ 3 4 ,5 o o 

C A M E L O T king with a bedroom s, 
S?3,675, 

 ll • Fit for a large family! 4 baths. 

 bedroom s, 2 2'/t baths o il upstairs sitting cooer Priced for quick sale 9 2 8 ,2 5 o . 

T H E G U N • Delightful 3 bedroom , 
2V> froth townhom e 
Priced to sail 
$ 2 6 , o o o 

E A S T 
T E R R E LL 
H IL L S 
• 
Com fortable 3 bedroom , 2 bath home with fireploce 
Priced in the low 2 o 's 

K I R B Y 
- 
2 5 1 3 
S c o t s - m a n . The one you hove been w aiting for! 
3 bedroom s, 
I Vt bath, 

 rooms. $ 2 3 ring i 
,5 o o 

FOR DETAILS AND VIEW IN G 
CALL 653-o57o ANYTIME 
W ORLD W IDE REALTY 

SII THESE HOMES TODAY FOR YOUR FAMILY 

ALL STONE 3 7 7, comer fat. farg* 

 country kitchen, $375oo (all now 

$ P HILLS 7 story 4 |Vr 2, 2355 si, 

 custom features $62,9oo (all now. 

PftfECT foe Young family 3 7, ran 

Ira! heat ae, fenced $75,9oo 

/ S S IRICK 3 7, paneled den, comer 

 tot $76,5oa (all now 

•I AUTH III 4 7 2, rrn pet, fiiepforod 

 den $47oo equity, $331 mo 

TUHY CARPETED 3 7 2. built ins. 

 fenced, NI Schools $3,ooo equity. 

$283 mo Call now 

CUSTOM DE SIGNED 

 dining, huge den 

$798 mo Coll now 

3 2 7, formal 

$4,537 equity. 

SILLERS 
(all about oui 
It Divan toe Sofa Plan, where lf we don't sell your homo. we buy It _______________ 

Coll INTERSTATE Real Estate 828-o755 

O p e n 7 D a y * a W a c k til 8 P J I. 

F O R T H E O N E 
CONNOISSEUR 
IN TH E W O R L D 

Who is soaking a ponoramk ex pom* of contemporary space. 
About 4,ooo iq ft of un poi niftier! bvtng area in a set ting of (rood serenity Tri level, 
5 bedrooms, (master with A tis mg loom), 4'4 baths Dining room opens to tosh garden room 
Hug* family room 
Gourmot blithen J hrepfaces 
POOL 
Mony extras with no regord foe cost You must se* this homo 
826-2347 
RIAITORS 

WINDCREST 

 and gracious. 
4 
J both, all carpet ond mony extras. 

 m 

 if aor tun sa u th w e B t r e a lty 

 spacious bedroom, fireplace 
$71,ooo 
Assume 
J H S at 
$771 pet 
■non th 
655435o 
WALZ EM RO OK. 

W 
H Y P A Y R E N T ? 

A nd lose at 

 income Tax Time? 

INVEST 

In a 
H O M E C R A F T home in ptesTigioui 

N O RTH C LIFFE and geT a Tax refund in­ 

 stead of paying m o­ 

 re taxes next year. 

Hom es from 
$2 7,- 

4 5 o 
87. 
V A wiTh 

$ I .OO move in. Con 

 venTional financing 

 available. 

6 5 9 - 1 1 6 1 

Square home Evepface, family roam and carpeted thruout located near everything 
W I DOK’I WANT 
To list your property — ar* wont to sell It Since ere have to bsf it fast, it is a necessary evil, but seltmq it a service we perform H yo only worn it bited, faro#! us lf yoi want it sold, contort th* ham* i pee tents, H D (MPET HALTo85 
653 6364 rid carpet 
R 
E 
A 
L 
T 
O 
T 
T 
S ' 

A A A -1 O R A L . 4 b e d ro o m *. I bath*, appliant#*, no dawn, SISO ta move in. 
*96 M7oW A Ytefc S L A T O R 4*4-41*9j 
A Beautiful home, 3 J i, M utt tee to a p p re c ia te ! A ll e x tro * p lu s more, convenient to R A F * and park area 43*147) att S, Ijt.oon 
A T B T I T h "6 F 'F lfF W 
A f and tote et r inflator easy ti vine m this 
4 bedroom . ) both custom built hom e Cam eroon!, ta re * livin g oreo with fireplace Lucotad on 
U S woaded acre* Barn, carrot, ttock tank ond mare.438 AR11 
RED CARPET 
A C d U i m V b and arcked w.n daw* decorate the front el this att brick hem * C overed patio and lo ro * divin g 

M AKE A N 
OFFER 

Ownei desperate to sell this 3 bedroom, 2 bete MI bv* Oak 
I stoles Only I ye * eld, OM urn* 
B S VA leon. $223 month 

BOB MCGINNIS 
REALTORS 
3 4 9 - 1 1 2 1 
V 

 an 

C e n t u r y 21 tfMmutTtmwHs 

 ira * d ivin e pool ..living ream 
•th lo v e ly fire p la c e , fa m ily rom.. 4 bedroom *, J bath* 
343.ooo 
R E A L T O R S 
12*94)1 
Guy Chipnian^ im nwi tiieNi 
^||i, new N© w W fl POV FFI MR I IO Oft VO RHI 

ALAMO HOTS SCHOOLS 
F IR S T O F F E R IN G 
Y o u n g look a n d c o m p le te ly iv-.u.dfird and beouMtvMy a c e r ­ ated 4-11* in O lm o s P o rk 
F o r com plete (ieeenation ond appt. 
CON 12*4371 

Kelson Cory, REALTORS 
A g T r s Tj r y sr e g i " w a n t * ' arter I bedroom s, air. ra rp e t* 
A tturn* *1*4 mo Move today! 
494 742oW AYNE S I A T K R M 9 927I 
4 2 2 Approxim ately 2464 ta rt 
F ire p lac e L a rg e fam ily ream 
M utt SOH 222 1)42 
* n u u r i k < v a l i c h e n th o # carpet, fireplace, garden kitchen N it** e ss $4oo 
Century 21 
T RICO , Realtor* 349 *491 
- r r r f H T iB H m i l i t a i v !— 
Minutes from bates lie* this im mocutot* u 'v i , L mi dad Pick up povm of S X I in Woodlake 
(2(434$ 
P f rokos Pity 
43*497$ 
( K W l l A I T f t l i i i U f m . dreams. 2 baths, no yard to keep 
IT H ma vet you in 
*9*7424W A V N R S L A T C R 344 4934 

CALIFORNIA 
D P * N CO NS IP UC H O N elision, drapes, ii d m * across lh * patio and u firxplar* o r* lust a lr**, iii lh* extras rn lim all well kepi I bedroom home 
4 *4 )4 4 * AN VT I M I 

CAU RIAL (SIAU 

 f lU T l’O T I f } FII RFL AT E 
Covered polio, privacy fence, appliances, carpeted, single living area ossum e *7»7 pm ls lo w equity easy m aven!• see SS** M o n Mc C ormlr k 1*4 Z»*J 
M f ATCrF T S m 
Lovely I bedroom aface and 3-ooo ta ft SSL JOO C on 2 decorated both*, double cat fin for appt only 
342 929) 
I shed gar ope. full kuchen with ail 
SH A Agent a p p liance*, sp a c io u s den w ith 

' equity ond o m u i m V A n o t*I 

B Y O W N E R 
4)o1 H A R P l R ‘S F O R D Show - piece on cul-de toe tot hp* 4 tora* b e d ro o m *. 14a2( llv ln e d in in g com bo, fa m ily room w ith tire 

 sit of cmnfTHY 
Older rock h a m * 4 bedroom *. 2 baths, on I acre with m any tree* 
Dual fireptoc* Priced al 63J.O6o 
What m any people a r* took mg far. 
(24 2)91 (Anytim e) 

 iv owner 
Immediate Possesion 
Beautiful. Better than new ) I 2. * , M m o 
•" Im m ediately I 
Living, dan. U 2S»q f t , New car 
* " “ " 
* “ ‘ 
' pet throughout, tent air heol. ail appliance*, patio, p riv a c y fence 
324.3oo 
W ill go 
V I I H A , conventional low, no Qualifying assum ption $2f7 per mo 434 (123 
8 V 6 4 F H K b . * | J T diving dining com b den with fireplace, new c a rp e t th ro u g h o u l. c u sto m drape*, shades, shutter*, lim sh od g arage , v e ry attractive hom e 
63*1o24 No o gents 
S V - S W H f T u V n S X i T T T cen trot a ir, c a rp e t, ra n g e , d ish w asher, walk to trh o o it. sw im m ing pool, patio, lanced, large, tree* 134,ooo 43*1142 i V o w W g r fa-o-,fh-woc,rf Area 
All stone, cent heol. air I 2, de 
Niched doubt* garage (24 SZI) 
I v owner, O lm os P a rk , A la m o 
Heights schools, 4 or S bedrooms, 
2’ 1 baths, separate dining breakfast room. dam. Hying with brookie*, quarter* with both, d*to< hod garap*. 64o.3oo 

R C AL TOR S-Austin Hwy o f TT-g- 'AkJb f R j A I ' IU A W f T superbly constr acted into a fin*. 
Coton tai ham *, locuied se cia** to 
Trinity, you con hear th * b ell* from th# toucan T h* frat filled to! hat a lovely pool and patio and 
Orick w alk* thor* a re fireplaces in beth lh * living roam and family roam and, lh* dining roam bps a tora* bu v window * f bedroom *. 2 rxiitit. stud, and quarter* 
SI 23.ooo 
R e AL TO RS 
(2*o6)1 
Guy Ctilpman Co 

O M N 
3 1 1 W . H O L L Y W O O D 
, atrail rip* ad Me hR*6 ten aren) mm Pm • we,, max hoax, to­ rn B U I a * amex a to 

 a * I toitoi ria* aw** l a m 
UNION 
***7771 
GUY CHIPMAN C O - 

O P E N Sat • Sun 2 to i 
12812 WELCOME 
IN L IV E O A K 
$2-2-d*n. sw im m ing peel, sp rin ­ kler. pot b b q Near P l Som and 
RondairiB. I m inute* tram new w indsor M p h C o m * ta# alf th* extra* rn Mu* super buy! (22-132. 
U t -M U 
KOH I HUST REALTY 
O PEN SUNDAY 2 TO 3 
134 L MISTLETQI 
Par lh * buyer leaking lur ta rty 
Century charm rn luster ital area 
IS roam*. 4 bath*, ut* a * dual** apod cenddroe Zoned O I Large tot M utt 644! 
E A M REALTY 
6 16 1545 

O P 8 N S U N D A Y 1-4P M . 
H O L L Y W O O D P A R K 
>14 Y O S S M IT E 
Hana* *m v in rove! 4 be dr earns ) beths. Hoot it new 124-o171, a il** 
*63 o621 
RED CARPET 
R I A L TO R S 

I* IM* 14*11*1 I l k 
O N 6 w e a r 4o 
IMI M U M M * IO C l it i l l ieee it e x t s * ONP m w 

 a L A IN E l u d w i g a a s s o c 
O P E N 
2 J 
W E A T H E R 
P E R M IT T IN G 
C A S T L E H IL L S 
2o1 A T W A T E R , erica reduced, now u n d e r 31o,oo6, tor th is ch arm ing spaciou s I bedroom 
Homo Large don with fireplace, separate dining 
Beautiful freed tot 

C H A R T E R O A K S 
M IS C H A R T E R R O C K 
Gorgeous ) bedroom luxury homo with a nobby room or artic# Open living ara®. Hrepioc*. delightful kitchen E ve ryth in g t* ilk* naw. 
341-72o1, R E A L T O R S 
JOHN FLOURNOY IWC 

S4o7 RLD JACKET 
Seneca Estates Ort Bandora and 
41o. Lovely 2 w a r aid b rick ta per foci condition ) Bedroom *, 2 both*, la rg e fam ily room w ith 
Hr ap trice. Do t a * ill Open ) to s. 
344-6344 

G r a c e A r n o l d 
R f A L T O M M L * 

SAN PEDRO HILLS 
2318 T O R Y H IL L 
OPEN HOUSE I B 
Sea this ch arm in g 2 month ald custom buri! home I large living ow e with F P and tormol dmiug k itc h e n h a * la g q u a lify a g ­ alm a* a* Streenad in parch plat poll# 4 bedroom s 
Lait al built in* thruaut 114-o171 
RED CARPET 
B IA L T O R S 

TERRELL HILLS 
O P E N $6 
UHR WILSHIRE 
•22 U lt 
HARTMAN REALTORS 
(garoff V ****»»» I iLlten » “ w # 

ALAMO HEIGHTS 
4 unit opt bu'ks-Mg, approximately 
34oo m i n 
Excellent central location 
POGUE I POGUE, INC 
*22 I I H 
SW C* i m 
(24 o491 
A L A M O H E IG H T S D U P L E X it exciting and unique! O n* M d* hat w o ln u f p aneled liv in g , d in in g roam*. 2 op tio n s bedroom s and a patio 2nd Md# hot living, dining rooms. 2 bedroom s' 
*44,6oo 
R E A L T O R S 
(24-96)1 

3-4 bedroom * I baths, t*m * with o n ond all aob'ronces First pay men I in April 
• O R D E P A O LO 
>44 3o91 
R K A L T O a hoi gum M ust sell, 2 t^ary town house below Is l ) 2 V 2 , tora* fe n c e d y a rd . c o v e re d patio, 
-i t -ii "nil I .-c u n -un - - ■ 
.earner tot, near w in d so r M a li 
X T X R 5 H V lffU V I i L a w Si.•• • e a u .tv. a t t u r n * 
C o m b n d g a e le m e n ta ry lig h t balonea. In tow *2( 3 Mute ta* ond atry, In wonderful condition I rib ) Glen M ist Ort W atiam R d 
S e g e re ta d in in g re a m , ll v in # I Anytim e ofter )p m room with fira alo ce Su n ro o m 
T Sd rm buri, r7. lane od yard. 

A roo! ch a rm e r I I B a d ro o m *. tor go tingle bving orca beautiful d a rk sta in e d H o a r * 1)4.oo6 
R E A L T O R 634 7717 
Century 21 
Jom es Otoscacfc I a »m c 

 e n V lit o r ^ o ^ C n t M n i t l l * * * * i o r M * eanlral a k heal, near P l' 
* r » % 7 a S J n r . I I I r n . . 
, Sam Randolph rn Kirby, assum e 
E D G U B E R T R E A L TO RS 
I lew me envm -nt* M r I M I k i I W F B Y TH H T f "f g fa6 6 L { f ) • * , * O i l * to we* n m f i n . »Nte carpatod heme he* apan hv 
Guy CMpman Co a £ « w s r w K , : 
Guy Chipm an Co 

BRISTOL PLACE i B ric k ond etbattot ) l ‘ i I with 
•arg# liv in g g n d d in in g re a m comb.. .Ilion, bulla, fenced and 
I Cut de sac 12$.MO 
VII IOT* I lUSIIC 
*4*71/1 e lk *4o4 
*#4*694 

MYERS ASSUMf 
11234 m onthly paym ents an this sharp ) bedroom 2 bote big Hying iorga. burl I en kitchen include* re­ frigerator, centre) heol end air j P r lv a c y fe n ce d 
H U R R Y ! ) 

By dript (24 M 21 
I v O autor, O lym p j*, U n iv e rsa l 
C ity t 4-2-2. L a rg e fam ily room. 
Cathedral recline, fireploce. LIV m g ream. O w ing roam. k reek to si nook Cant hoot air, w aler sot. tensor, covered polio Largo lot. cut do sac. 7te% V A Loan. *44.o4* 
*38 ( IM 
A1/ fefWkfH, 3 I I. privacy tone*, covered p a ll*, ca rp e l cent alr- heot. 31*6 24 pm ! *23,734 4$) M SS 
B V ^ W F I . - la c b front b o u t o n m ile* from R A P S , I 2 ) C ath* drat catline, la rg e u tility end pantry room Soft water, privacy fence, under w a rra n ty , sm a ll equity and atturn* m y 
Loon 
439 IM I 

Don I hesitate Colt 434 1234 
RED CARPET 

CAMELOT l l '* a biggie! 194$ tqtt 2 sto ry 
* I ' i 2 on Iro e d lot C arp eted , drape*. Ice m a k e r refrig, other e xtra * im m acu late *44,OOO on easy assumption 
424 2)1$ john M athis 
4$) 74oo 
Serif ri Assoc tales Realtors 

 camelot 
Lovely Coronado pion. 8 2 2, Lux ury su e d m aster bedroom , gar don kitchen, built in bookthelt, 
L o ry * privacy yard 117.9oo Call 
•2( *7o4. 
Century 21 
(2 8 3764 
R E A L TO l o 
43 8 424o t O t l d O O R R S 
8-1*1, car pele JI. appliances, con- trot hopi air. fireplace, earner tot. all m asonry 924 437S 
T T t t i l C’flV I H B F A T i a nl,. tond tcap inp enhance this ) be­ droom , 2 both hom o Sh a g car. 
Parma Ihruauft Lr*m g and fam ily 

RY OWNERS 
P R E E R eferrals to ether hom e* 
“Par Ste* B y O w ner" 242 9193 
San Antonio Hom eow ner* Assoc 
B V T W W I T I p o c ^ u * I i I forge 
Hying, den. wrih cathedral ceiling. separate dining. I7 M ta I t . can vtnm enl to 
North 
Star 
Mall 
342 4421 i v a w m >--------------- 
Starer**! A ir n . * 2 2 earner tot. to N E ISO Poe moi m g ream . d in in g ro o m la rg e 
•em ily re a m age n to kitch e n . 
F re s h porn), w all m ain tain e d . 
M ony extro* SJ/.tM 448*74* Na 

S24.7M 
B R A L T O R S 
43) 7141 
Guy Chipman Co 

CERT MAENIflOUEINI 
Glam or out vet eam tonabl* bom * wrih N atu re * ond decor suriebi* far tho d isc rim in atin g buyer 
4 bedroom *, 4 bath*, guest haute, goof and Atom# H alt School* Coli 
M a ry Craun, 347 38oo or 
Coll M f 14)4 Anytim e 

 en rn large 

34) 4177, nit**. 3483)71 
I 
B IL L S O U T H E R N R 

NC, R E A L T O R ! 
T B g l P T T T B A H l I H T — 
D o n t throw those paym ents oui the w indow'! 3 bedroom home in desirable northeast o*eo Priced rn tow IO s COH today for details 
Niles 433 1149 
C e n t u r y 21 
H A P H E S E R SSI 4I4Z Anytim e 
■ . ■ ■ fU U I’fW TirrJTA Til------ 
W 
H 
* * maw kept. ideo! 
4 bedroom. I 1, bath. study, den 
• * V " 9 " ' N E with firateoc*. living roam, aroint schools. *i»,too ar batt artar! Att room com bination sp iral stoir 
4 Mlpm 431-47 34 i v r w i r n r 

 mony extras SJ/,9 j Agents Please' 
IV f t t e B f T I I I. 

Ti n W eeJAollew 
Extra* S22.7M or 
Move m Today I 
R E A L T O R 

AH Brick Ooptoi. Castle Hill*. 3 bedroom. I baths, central heal ond air each Md* with oil electric kitchen* Let* af closet* Near school* and sh agg in g cantor*. 
*4*. Ste MI-87 SA ______________ 

APARTMENTS 
94 U N IT ! N O R T H W E S T . B R 
C E L L E R I IN V E S T M E N T 
2» 
U N IT S 
N O R T H E A S T F U R ­ 
N IS H E D F L E X IB L E F IN A N C ­ 
IN G MI-7281 R E A L T O R S 
JOHN FLOURNOY INC 

 tow mo payments, *4! 22*2 
Beautiful cottons kuilT Aero* en jupr vi I' 1 aero* tree covered rot 
* 2 ' »-2, den with hrepioc*. large atrium in cantor el home. carpet 
,R* 
• * * 'R r and SortUto til# lhrou#h*ul, horses I aa no lo a aam and PP 

 make ort ar *987*11 

 r T w l r p e m . ' I U 
H 
T e n c e J c o r n e r tot. covered petto. G ory swim rom* pant. school bus al door tor 
N lm lfi ond L * * H i*b . U nd e r 
~ 
_ 
M M M . C fd *94 IM * ar 344 4)44 
OR* 4* P kind to this A t fireplace tor appointment to tomdv r o o m Priced in th. * 8s I “ 
T 
U 
B l 66A W T 
T i i i S M - - - 

H iiy t- y 

I brick I bedroom. Z bath hen 
U 
' olio wed *R edge od to 4*4. $44 *or I jf J 
,r** 
**1* make arter 494-71) t 
R E A L T O R 
CRH 349 44)7) 

•ALAMO HGT1« 

o 2 IM I, (28-4SM 

Atom * b4rt* mjM 

HARTMAN REALTORS tog Tt*l* owner I M r M , I 
1, Living room, sage rate ten roam 124 494$ 

Can assume tow V A loan 
7 36 174* 
(28 4444 
I i i o*o* 
W ATSO N a, SON R E A L T O R S 
I I T B ITI 6 MIT I liliUis.' living ream, kuchen with dining neb# 
I 14x2* 

N M M W I CORRIE) 
J B 
R 
■ M 
E S H * nr?? 
1$ and othctoncy, 2 rear 1 aid All built in*, completely turn, excel­ lent occupant y rat* and cash 
How In preferred north Austin area Good trouncing 1-441 4292 
» 8*»7!to 
_____ __ b u ilt *. 1411 Lennon, l f * l & w 
14*o. 
Owner frounce, tll.S M 
! tee- 2417 4 

8 K TR AO R O I N A R Y 7 aport rn on I building* *4o*4 annual incom e 
Segarate g o t end ugh! motor* Corngtotoly tor niched Cdf! Olga 

Luxurieu* custom horn* in Tot lr***, hp* hug* tomdv room with fir (p la te tunny ggrde n ream, large se par ole dining. Dying pius 
2 gung* 82*«-) 424-4*71 

, M f g toto g, cen fret Mr- retd, double driveway. 

 sanTtE 
oom s 
J bWTh*, $p< 
Type heme wrih oil oroentfiei ta ap p racip ta L a ** than *488 equity 
O w ner A ge n t 
(N e 
Agents) 349 2364 *r 484-4921 

 t h w b b iBv^w fa i T / r r fr i ii ^ u i, them *, cl#*# ta Btom 
Sc heel. moraine dlsignee to N M w Mall 

 r 7 ~ 6 ^ W l l , 1-1-1." A ll Sr (til hom e, e late I* B i* m Sch ool, walking Pittance to N Star M p h i 8*4-8271 
I IV OWNER J bedroom, 'i iMtBT, 
IN R School O it lr id Flroptoco. 

3 P i, /% VA eaulfv 
MSW) n o n I i m i v owner"' W oodlake wad IJp T l l's l. torte cedar covered polio shoe (argol, some dropet slur assume IT M mo pvm l . M IA M I 
Zj m m u 
• fSP plus lase * end tnturpnc* it24-4S2l, 47887*4_________________ 

 room combroatton, tpirgl stoir 
I WPV. roto moi style home Owner 
- tra n s fe rre d 
1*2(7 C itaftgn 
493 ZIA* 
Shawn bv appt 
COgtfTRY CLUB beautiful 8-2-2 acre** from golf 
; I aa roo. approx I pere*, fireplace. 
I mal bor. torge family room end i tow faxes Campi Cb S M .IM 

Pum ily ream. 
Fam ily 
Work ii 
Up artic inFenced in yard. 
Immaculate cendi tm 

 w e .am.m i p 

 dream cauld ba dan Bedutttu! tongi hardw aad Near*, central heat. ' fenced yard, vary convenient 
I tottetaa. SM .9M 
M2A177. nil** n s M b 
• ILL SO U T H E R N R E A L T O R 

*tea Stra f e e'l ta 
A atonia wan I tote 

A l B i t t B P T ! M H M (ll V 
'hun 1 roar afd 
RLA fR U n i l 6 a u n U U ld troys* Hunt ar 
I bedrooms, tv* baths er lra ba- nerhn San An 
‘ 
•• 
LANDMARK REALTORS 
*H V $ *Z 

BW M M U O 
D I SJff fft ll uity.Tacatod 1 

ERA 
M i JIO / 
JACK MITCHELL 
R e a lto r 
* 7 ) IO U 

IMS AC HON NUN XI a 
IO * f ASI Bl SUSI* 
Ft ACI vow* rn OHI AP 
IN IM* I I N I U NSW* 
CALL 2)3 1444 

 to* im* 1**1111 atsuits 
ON 4 W ANI Ab 
IM I NUNO** IO CAU 
IS 223-1444 
11 XXI SI AMO M IW * 

I1 7 M tau tly. Tye# to a 'n a m o k woad, e d is o n ! to W indcraal. I andronitis, I full baths, fam ily roam wdh hreptoc*. living ream and tor m al dining D rape s and curtain* remain Poy monte M U . 
4 mn* m , Mate SPM ss* 6)4/ lf, b ^ U i W 
V f T r K t o P a t a . cgfhadorte Collings, teipg < or gat, cede/ bailo caver, tgncad, air- hodl. Na Agnate. S )),*M * )) /J)2 
Iv ftv^er^i Au-y-Yr - - m ara, ce rp e ie d . a k a m a i teav Asta m a /1697(8 Arter I 344 

 d ra p e * ap t i t " 4' 

IN IHI ilb a is s MSW* 
CAU 223 1*46 

O p d n M o n d a y Thru F rid a y I A .M . to S : 3 o F J A . 
DEADLINES: 
Monday thru Thursday 
5 OO P M Tor Following Day 
Friday I;3o Tor Saturday 
Friday S P M for Sunday 
Friday 5>3o P M For Monday 

C L O S E D S A T U R D A Y A N D S U N D A Y 
Concrillotton* and Corr act <on* can bp mad* 
. Monday thru Friday 8 A M 
Iii $ 3o P M 

The Express /tows Corp occaph reiponsrtnf.fr tor error* lh# tote (toy pf pobtoofrort only 

SorTAntonio EXPRESS-NEW5— S^naS7TeT»rud^ 2 o 1 W 
~ 
[zip-mmSRi-MliTHftST 
ZHI HOOTtSIWIITIIEMT 
2111 RUmUMRimUT 
21o WHStSPPItTHEAST 

■ 
._______ . 
- -- - - - 
4 ft — — — ftlft 
^^ftxxtf 
. 
!_I__ Z.___________ ________________ ________________ ________________ ________________ ________________ ________________ - A a a a iA t a J$ A n i. . . . . a ia . > i 

$ THI MIKE IS RIGHT $ 
On this 3 bedroom, 2 both home lorded near schools, new moil, tondolph AFB and Ft. Sam. Ideal for growing family Has mony ex­ tras. Call 653-4344 ANYTIME. 
HEY YOU!!! 
STOP throwing your hard earned money away on renting when you con buy with no down pay­ ment ond a low $2o dosma tost. 
3 and A bedrooms available VA eliaibility not rewired Call 653 
6364 for more information 
$ WISE OLO OWE SAYS $ 
Buying Income Properties Smart 
Thing To Do! This duplex located near Randolph will pay for itself. 
Call Norm Mousie-/ at 653-6364 for more information. 

NORTHWOOD 
Spacious 3 bedroom, 2 Vt both home, living room and dining room have parquet floors. Family room with fireplace Magnificent trees Tile patio Automatic garage 
Coll for more details. $79,5oo 
Niter 655 2394 
NAYLOR REALTY 
GALLERY OF HOMES 
656-552o 691-1121 341-9191 

$1 M O V ! IN V A 
CONV! UTTON Ai 5% DOWN 
No Payment Fill April 77 
We have several 3 bedroom plans. 

$ 2 8 , O OO -$ 3 4 ,9 5 o 
AU HONKS FEA TUNE: u ' 1oo% 8rick Construction u* Handcrafted • Wood- burning Fireplace \S Energy 
\S Saving Package i^ Car­ pet u" Central heat oir !■'' 
Deluxe Magic Chef oil Electric 
Kitchen ✓ 2 Cor Corage 
5 FURNISHED MOO EIS 
OPEN 9 -9 
W O O D S T O N i 
CALL 
JOHN GILLIAM 
' _ 656.5474 
_ 

OAK HOLLOW 

8 rooms, 2 baths with dou­ ble vanities, double fire­ place, 2 car garage, ap­ pliances, cul-de-sac; owner transferred. 

BOB MCGINNIS i 
REALTORS 
^349-6211 

HARO TO PLEASE? 
You'll appreciate this immaculate 
4 bedroom. J baths, home with formal room, fam ily room with fire p la c e . B u ilt-in to in clu d e 
M icro w ave oven Drapes c a r­ peting ond priced of only $49,9oo. 
Niles 4SS 749? 
Century 21 
M O N E Y S A V E R S REALTY 
634-242o AN YTIM E_______ 

HAVE A HEARTH in this beautifully maintained 3-2-J with spacious vaulted living area and fireplace A home that is las tefully decorated including and enclosed patio. Priced in the mid 
4o s 
656-3ooo A n y tim e 
Beanie Owens Co 
REALTORS Perrm Beitel Ole 
H E A tteb ^ 6 o L 6 i i i, carpet, 
JO' living room, privacy fence 
$35,SOO 
ROSSI REALTY 
494 7781 

THOUSAND OAKS 
16422 LEDGE POINT 

Better tbon new, but less SSS. 4 bedroom, 2 both, two story home. 
Fireplace, office, playroom, and many built-ins. 
653-435o 

VcahieOwehs 

MEADOWOOD 
ESTATES 

Three bedroom, two Both, oil brick home in 
Meadowood 
Estates, large den with fireplace, separate dining room, large covered polio Alamo Heights schools. 
By owner 
826-4973 
A ppo intm ent O nly! 

Fa t t e n t io i 
NON VETS 
N o w a va ila b le In prestigious 
NORTHCLIFF* | 
$ 4 5 o M OVE IN 
CO NVENTIO NAL 
, 
| For mars hrfomratloa cod' 
6 5 9 . 1 1 6 1 
■ Cowes Owl Te 

MARY MONT 
NEW LISTING 
I Lovely custom home on corner, 
I hoi spoce and charm combined with liveability Separate dining, living, tensity with fireplace 4-3-2, new heated pool In beautiful set- 
: ting. 824 4571 

 nelson Cow. REALTORS 

21U MUSES MHrHtAST 
712 HOWtS BOB HlWtS T 

OLYM PIA- J-2-2, beautiful Span­ ish, 3-veors old. Fireplace, 2 pa­ tios, In te rc o m . Im m e d ia te oc­ cupancy. 
Equity or refinance. 
638-7759, 

OPEN LIVING 
Popular M onterrey Floor plan. 
L iv in g a re a w ith fire p la c e . 
Covered patio oft formal dining area. Self-cleaning oven, good neighborhood. Assume 7%% VA loan. 
658-3S35 Anytime 

REALTORS-Randolph Ofc 

VIEW OF CITY 
And your own wooded lot. F ire ­ place in m aster bedroom, ond another in huge living oreo. in 
Oak Haven. 

82B-6391 Anytime 
Beanie Owens Co 
Realtor NE Loop ok 

OPEN TERMS 
On this 3-2, fully carpeted, all electric kitchen, fenced yard. 
Mony nice trees. Priced to sell at 
$27,5oo. Coil tor appt. 
GENE WILSON 
656-3441 
REALTOR 
MLS 

Mo Down Anyone 
3-2-1. appliances, air, only 
$222 a month, call to see today. 
344-5564 Hart McCormick 344 2993 

OWNER ANXIOUS 
Lots of house for the money • 4 bedrooms, 2 bath, single cor gar­ age. Stove, dishwasher, garbage d isp o sa l, in te rc o m , c a rp e t, d rap e s ond huge back y a rd . 
Payments $195, lot equity 
658-3535 Anytime 
Beanie Owens Cn 
REALTORS Randolph O k 

WE CAN NOT TELL A LIE 
Goorge would tov# this modern la rg e co u n try kith c h e n smrrounding 3 bedrooms and 2 baths. Located on a corner lot. for 
$23,9oo with open terms. 
656-3ooo A n y tim e 
Beanie Amens Co 
REALTORS-Perrin Beitel O k w ET fs m e t a W T ffg re'b s f and a luxurious, custom ized home with a spectacular view from redwood decks...a ceiling-high fireplace in the family room and a huge master suite! 3 bedrooms in all Formal living, dining rooms. 
Everything 'Top-of-the-llne’! 
$98,5oo. 
REALTORS 
653-7341 
Guy Chipman Co 

■ SAH t>eb»6 NiI l S 
Great family home, spacious 23oo 
+ sq ft. living area Many extras 
$56,6oo, 494-1433. 
Awner, 2yrs, 3-21 

HIGH ON A HILL 
A charm ing house for "Young 
M a rrie d s " or a b ac h elo r pad 
3 bedrooms, J baths in East Ter- I deluxe* 3 bedrooms, 2 baths and a ret! Hills Fine convenient location double garage! Built bv Flamingo 
ClOSE to FT. SAM 

A il now p ain t, and hardw ood floors refinished. Buyer may have im m ediate occupancy. H ard to beat this deal at $24,5oo Will be 
Isold 
PHA. 
VA, ossumed or 
(Conventional 

I 
349 4343 or 349-3535 Anytime 
Beanie Bwens Co 
RE ALTORS-Blanco Rd O k 

CONVERSE-CREAM PUFF 
4 2-1, no dn VA, $4oo PHA $19,5oo 
828 4545 
Priakos Rlty 
654-o975 
CORNER 3 2 J NO DOWN 
Anyone! 1st omt in Moy! Camelot separate living area, appliances privacy fence, air, *2/o monthly 
344-5564 Hart McCormick .144 2993 

 in Northwest Ranchland Hills! 
$5,5oo Assumption* Call Now! 
341 4491 
Nites 484-4154, 3426o67 
GEORGE FLOOD. REALTORS 
Historic M AN TE VISTA. Owner will trade equity in charm ing 2 story rock Mf. Vernon Colonial home for farm .ranch or commer­ cial property, 8 Spacious rooms, separate quarters, screened-in porch plus utility room in move-tn condition. F le x ib le financin g 
824-o121 A N YTIM E 

MEADOW WOQO NORTH acant - 4 bedroom - 1 living argo fireplace - almost new • corner 
! lot - fenced 
NORTHEAST SCHOOLS 
Easy assumption - low equity - 8°* 
I loan 
169o-936o 
342-4286 
I 
CLINT W EILBACHER 
MONTE VISTA 
Stately two story, huge living with beautiful oak floors and fireplace 
17x17 formal dining Texas size kitchen. 4 bedrooms, 4’ » baths, pool, on corner lot, Ask for Ruth 
Foiles 
341-9166 A N Y T IM E 
Century 21 
HOWARD TATE REALTORS 

MONTE VISTA 
Stately, oil brick, J story home in desirable historic area. Approx 
4o9 sq ft., swimming pool, many tin* details 824-o284, REALTORS 
STEVE T. FINCH 

REALTORS 5o 
Hollywood Pfc ears of TRUST by owner, iii,$oo, 

• DOLL HOUSE S22,8oo • 
Minutes to Windsor Park. Spar­ kling 3 bedroom, living and family rooms Central heat and air Open space for boat or tra ile r 
As­ sumable loan. SI59 mo 826-2347. 
Thelma B. Preissman 

3-2-2, den. FP, 14x54 cov patio, carpeted, big lot. 7o trees, garden, 
1o8 Cuevo 494 5o38 
3-2* j-i, in Camelot, wet bor, lire- place, corner lot 2-story. $45,58o 
Jim Ashley Real Estate 684-4276 

El Dor ado Quality, 4 -i-i, VA 7% 
$51,8oo 456-o793 
EV ER YTH IN G NICE 
3-2-2, paneled den, bay window b reakfast lo lovely yard , fru it frees, privacy fence Workshop 
MAC REAL ESTATE 828-2521 

IN TERRELL HILLS 
Built for casuol living and family tun, 4 bedrooms ond 3 baths, fire place. 2 central heat-air units, la rg e pool. p riv a c y to n e#. 
824-4521. nifes 342 4849 

Turner Realty 

NACO AT T H O U S A N D OAKS. 
3-1-1, $1ooo down, $25o mo 
J A J REALTY 674-8883 Anytime 
3-1 Neat Northern Stills io n * dan be bought with $15oo refinance fee. Total, $19,ooo. Need good credit rating 6$) 9312, 822 3441 
N EAR R A N b O LP H AFB 
J be droom home has low equity of aporox $2,51o Assume I 'j% VA loan pay $233, per month! 
$24,9oo 
REALTORS 
4S8-7oo7 

Guy Chipman Co 

 bath, brick, FP 
E N O W Braunfels, 629-1513 
I» 1 o $ H (C A R P E T IN G in Oil 3 bedrooms and open living area 
(with beamed celling, bookcases, fireplace , doors lo patio!). 
$34,9oo 
REALTORS 
4S3-7341 

Guy Chipman Go 

Practically New 
By ow ner la rg e 3-2-2, u n d er lOminutes from Ft. Sam, R an­ dolph and W indsor P a rk . Low equity, 661-2oo9 

PRICE REDUCED 
Beautiful 3 bedroom homo In Ter­ rell Hills, central heat-air, freshly painted, owner anxious Will lease with option to buy $26,9oo 
COMPASS REALTY 
494 16o1 494-3o12 

DUICX OCCUPANCY 
Over 22oo sa.ti 3 bedroom, 2 'i bath oversized double garage 
U ltra landscaping 
Has m any built-ins, large fireplace, cover breezew ay patio. A groat floor pion. This is a brick beauty Now on the market in a Quiet Hidden 
Forest 
349 4343 or 349-3S3S Anytime 
Beanie Bwens Co 
RE ALTORS-Blanco Rd O k r IX C tW 
341-1847 
EDYTHE B. COOPER 
■ in 
B i iLike new big 4 bedroom, 2 bath, den, huge fireplace, on cul-de-sac and hill Large covered screened patio with built-in BBG. Northest 
Schools Owner anxious Easy as­ sum ption. C onsider V A -F H A. 
349 65o3, 822-16o1 
Manna Worley Realtors 

•EXTRA NICE® 
High on a hill. 3 bedroom. 2 bath. spacious open living area with sunken living room, exceptionally nice hom e 
Assum e m o n th ly payments of 
$199, 
Priced at 
$29,5oo 
G ENE WILSON 
636)441 
REALTOR 
MLS 
KEY GROUP 

FEED TBF OEER 
From your own back yard! Im ­ m aculate and redecorated 3 be droom , 2 bath homo, with fire piece in den New carpets, new solarium tile. builtin kitchen Only 
SJ7.9SO Beryl Weigand. 142 6454 
BOB JONES. REALTORS 

(.TERRELL HILS! 
Alamo Hgts Schools. 1-2. needs to be SOLD* 822-33o1 

HARTMAN REALTORS . j u s t L ls V ib * Immaculate and charming tor nawtv weds or re tired couple Cozy remodeled kit­ chen, 23 ft living room and separ­ ate dining room overlooking large covered patio and big pocon trees Close to Ft Sam, shops, busline 
$21,ooo. 
828-4343. eves 
4551791 

Cornelius I Associates 
J U lt L IS T E D . Lusk courtyard ond lorge oaks groots you in this 3 b ed ro om , I b ath b ea u ty in 
C H U R C H IL L D IS T R IC T F ire ­ place, large m aster suite with dressing area, many extras 
$18,9oo 

NEAR WINDSOR PARK 
3-2-1 ronge. $25o month. 475-1491. 
623-572o, 474-1777 
POINTER REAL ESTATE 
3 -l*/j-!, new carpet and point, fenced ond covered patio, eves 
499-993$ Keep trying. 

$292 a month with tow equity * 
Move right in. no qualifying! 
Appliances, air, all carpet ond more in Camelot ll 
3*65344 Hart McCormick 344 29o3 

FIRST OFFERING 
J bedrooms, with converted gar­ age. fenced yard with tots of froes 
Assume low monthly payments of 
$»2 Priced At $17,259 
G ENE WILSON 
454 3441 
REALTOR 
MLS 
KEY GROUP 

FIRST OFFERING 
B e a u tifu lly m a in ta in e d , T M I home Over 4,ooo sa. ft. of luxury living in this 5 bedroom. 4 both, formal tieing, dining, huge den. study, and quarters Located on a private oak studded lot 828 4191, 
826-2924 
CLINT LEAKE 

FIRST OFFERING 
F ire p la c e , c a th e d ra l ce ilin g , c o v ered p atio w ith th is 3 b e­ droom, 2 bath home. Clave lo 41o. 
531.9S6 696-3746 
Ted Bailey Real Estate 
— 
Fl’R tT 'T iV ft 6 ii Aa a * EV— 

REB CARPET 
342 3111 
REALTORS 
4961o38 

KING WILLIAM 
Historical District, rastorad 1883 stone Cottage Duplex or single family Central air and neot, large corner lot $42,5oo firm 227-477o 
L A f t S f t b e o r 6 6 m spit1i; ; . -| custom-built home with option of I or 33 acres Minutes from down town San Antonio Two fireplaces. 
J > bams. country kitchen, born, corral. 2 stock tanks 458-6211 
BEJ CARPE! 
3-2-2, large I living area, electric kitchen, carp e t, frees, curved drive. $29,9oo 
ROSSI R E A LTY 
494-7781 

LARK’S NEST of tomily 4 2 2, 
For lots of family 62-2. with all you hoped for 
F ire p la c e lo cathedral ceiling, plus privacy tenet. Owner wants quick sale 
Near Madison 

824-4391 A n y tim e 
Beanie Bwens Co 
Realtor NE Loop ok 

 l A I M P U I - V * r 'v‘ 7 i*o n a r .r droom. formal living and dining room plus fomily roam with fire aloe* Entry layer, privacy lance, r e frig , custom d r o p * * 
N S 
Schools 
13o3o 
L a rk ie r. 
Low 
48S.6S8-62H 
REO CARPET 

NEW LISTING 
Popular Brookwood Area Low equity, auick possession I be­ drooms, 2 baths, den with fire ­ place True value home. Better 
HURRY 
8 months old 
824 2391 (Anytime) 
Beanie Owens Cd 
REALTORS Austin Hwy O k 
N T wT iim ifG --------------- 
4 2-2, built-in kitchen, formol din­ ing and living rooms, large family room with fireplace 21x1 J1 patio, covered and scroonod-in. Turbo vents and guttering 
Northeast 
Schools 

SS REDUCED SS 
Owner has reduced price almost 
$2ooo He must leave the city This is a super buy in San Pedro Hills of a like a new home 3-2-2, with fireplace and much more 
Now 
$44,5oo 
349-4343 or 349-353$ Anytime 
Beanie Owens Cd 
RE ALTORS-Blanco Rd. O k 
R I6& E V IE W * Near schools, bus, and malls Nice 4 bedroom, for­ m ol dinng, nlco k itc h e n and breakfast area, central heat and air, covered patio Only $22.SOO 
824-o121 A N YTIM E. 

R a s p 8 K L IN E 
RkALTORS-5o Years of TRUST 

WILL CONSIDER VA 
Lovely 2 Story 3-?%-2 in Kirby. 
Convenient lo basos and Windsor 
Park Moll. Only $42,95o. Quick possession. 
Morjle Horton 344-2341, 653-5936 
BOB JONES, REALTORS 

KEY GROUP r o C R li t Ga 6 deT | H i 

CUSTOM COLLECTION 

• CASTLE MILIS EST. • 
SPACE WITH GRACI 
Circular drive approach to this 
I story, shining, white brick. 
Very specious, 5 bedrooms, 3 VS i bom, living, dining, breakfast. family rooms. Oual nrepioce 
1 Complete gourmet kitchen. 
, Many built in! like new 

* * * * * * * * * * * * * * * 
A BRILLIANT 
One story home in Castle Hills 
Estates. A worm fomily room 
(FP, high ceiling, wether) 4- 
3VS-2 plus study plus guarterv 
Super kitchen. Neaten POOL 
Sprinkled around! Near the mail!. 

* * * * * * * * * * * * * * * 
EARLY AMERICAN 
Relish the type of home that lends itself to formality or casualness Exquisite, ideally ar ranged, 5-3%, den (FP). Push button kitchen Covered patio in shaded grounds. 

826-2347 
REALTORS 

21? HoNES-N8RTHWEST 

W INDCREST GA^DEfa HOME 
Property it just a few months old ond owner is leaving. Beautifully a p p o in ted 3 bedroom home 
D ra p e d , lan d sca p ed , G A R Y 
POOL and numerous extras , like 
Microwave oven and auto gorage door opener. A most complete and immaculate property! Below re­ placement at $65,OOO Equity con be had fo r $1 1,ooo. W O W !) 
828-6343. eves 655 264o 
Cornelius £ Associates 

L ovely 3-2 hom e. Tfuge livin g a re a , range, a ir, ca rp e t, and fenced. $27,ooo new VA or PHA. 
BUBBY UECKER 
824-3893 

212 - HONES NORTHWEST 

T S ^ jA ^G T T S P tT T S T rcro m T T ^ baths, oft B a n d e ra Rd 
A p ­ pliances no down $25o closing 
696742oWAYNE SLATER344-o934 

A BARGAIN 

Sunday HS 

COLONIES NORTH 

35o2 KINGBARD 

O ff Powhatton, Decorator 
4-2-2, large living-dining, paneled family room with fireplace. 562,VOO. 
FOREST OAKS 

6114 FOREST VIEW 

Close to swim club, 3-2 with game room REDUC­ 
ED TO 539,5oo 

G R E A T 

W L A M E R I C A 
A E a l t o r h K 

 sSTa 'l l te6(jt¥V bi R fc F L itfe 
Bright garden kitchen, single living area, carpeted 3-2-2 In 
Camelot ll, only $29? monthly 
344-5564 Hart McCormick 344 2993 

C e n t u r y 2 1 
453-8131 Bill Parkin* RltvtSS 5226 

NO CRED IT CHECK Low tau tly 
Immediate movein, $29? pmts! 
Fireplace, i i i. in Camelot* 
346 5564 Hart McCormick 344 2993 
N(T 5 g w Sr W Y '6N E on ddftNfelt 
In MacArthur Hiph area, clean 
3 bedroom, tile bath, garage. air, axtra aameroom, den, air and more, only $228 a month* 
344-5564 Hart McCormick 344 2993 
Ntf'Wwfu YA A U V W "i t , carpeted home, fenced yard. $21$ mo 
ROSSI RE A LTY 
494 7781 
S T b W 
T6 A'WVafa'fc'T * bo- dream s, a ir, appliances. F irst 
Payment April 
222-9elSTE RHA HEAL T Y 24 HRS 

SMORGAS BORD 
Something for everyone! $ huge bedrooms 3 baths, fireplace and tomily room, with built-in wood box, form al dining, plus large breakfast arca with built ins and bay w ind ow , co v ered p a tio . 
Priced of S83,$oo nites 828-8597 
Century 21 
M O N EYS A V ER SREALTY 
456-242o A N YTIM E s #TTCTCTK " g A)U ILV 
H O M E in p re s tig io u s W IN D ­ 
CREST Separate formal and in­ form al living dining area plus study ond 26' recreation room 2 
Wet bars, fireplace, 4 bedrooms. 
?'>boths, storage galore. Beau 
It tut spirnklered grounds 494-7651 
A NYTIM E 

M 
H 
M 
* 

Easy assumption on this 3-2-2 in 
Forest Hills. Northside schools, built-in kitchen, 13oo sa ft John 
Gray, 496533o 
PROFESSIONAL REALTY 
» « i" iU S f l U f T f t W l S i 6 n c , you see this home in this areo. 3 bedrooms, 2 baths, fireploccd single living area. Covered patio, much more. 
REU CARPET 
342-3111 
REALTORS 
496 5o77 
A B rT o r -H g A V g fO ving'm this charming brick home In p a r k 
FO REST. Well landscaped and 
Im m a c u la te ! 4 B edroom s, 2 baths, formal living-dining, fire- piaced den, sunshine kitchen, many deluxe features 
Only 
$62,5oo 
REU CARPET 
342 3111 
REALTORS 
492-2762 
A DRfeAM to UP DAYE', c u s to m r o c k fin e o ld e r h o m e 3-2-2-den, b e a u t if u l p a r k - lik e corner, fea­ tu r e s th a t ta lk to y o u w h o k n o w 
Q u a lity 824-45o7 
REQUA REALTY CD 

A GLOWING FIRE 
Is th bast rolaxor, know to man. 
This home in Charter Oaks, has everything including a wonderful fireplace. Spanish in design (3 bedrooms), beautiful kitchen Im ­ mediate possession. 
$$1,5oo. 
3468348 

G r a c e A r n o l d 
REALTORS MLS 

 a TTg RT T 
6 B F A M ll" V E6kA 
FORT and onterfalning. 34 x 19 party ro o m .‘3,ooo sq. ft living aroa. I baths, fireplace. Barn and 
Stotts 2 Acres, Hill Country V il­ lage Just reduced to 115,ooo. 
KorZekWa Beatty 349 3151 

A JEWEL 
Just listed in Seneca Estates, This 
3 bedroom home is locoted on o corner lot in Loon Volley Special features include privacy fenced yard. large patio, fam ily room with fire p la c e and c a th e d ra l celling and much, much more 
Coll to today for on appointment. 
884-433o 344-82o7 A n y tim e 
Oeanie Owens Co 

BULVERDE H IL LS----------- 
Beoutlful 4-2-2 with 25x19 single living area and firep lace on 5 acres. Horses welcome Call right away. 
HOLLYWOOD PARK 
Brick 'n cedar 3-2 2 on huge oak studded lot w ith 2ox14 fa m ily room, fireplace, formal living and dining and large screened porch. 
Only $48,9oo See now 
Only $46,5oo buys this 5o% brick 3-2-2 with w oodbu rn ing fire p la c e in 
Bulverde Hills on over I acre. easy terms. Call 
494-4471 
NITES 454-4189 
Century 21 
W A K EFIELD REALTORS 

BUY A CORNER LOT 
Im m aculate 3 bedroom, 2 bath home with fomily room and large tree shaded backyard located in popular Northwest section 
REALTOR 
Coll 349-4373 

BEST IN 
NORTHWEST 
BABCOCK NOB TH 
(lean 3 bedroom, 7 both homo at the right price! 528,ooo 
GLEN OAKS 
Near Medkol Center, over 2,ooo ft in this sharp 3 bedroom, 2 both, with fireplace and huge sunroom. 544,95o 
W HISPERING OAKS 
Elegant 3 bedroom. 2% beths, living room with fireplace, plus game room Spacious molter bedroom has its own sitting room with firepfoc# 585,ooo 

Over VY Acre of beautiful oaks afford privocy ond prestige A bedrooms, 2 VY baths, 2ox4o heated pool. 511o,ooo 
Call MG-922o or 492-1231 
BILLY FELLOWS 

212-HOMES N8RTHWEST 

HONEY H ill 
GARDEN 

HOMES 

By 
Saunders t Tritschmann 

3 bedroom, low main­ tenance home - 641 2 
HONEY HILL. Immediate occupancy. 
Holmes hiah- 
Pat N eff Jr. 
High. Take 
Evers Rd. exit o ff N.W, 
Loop and follow si{ 
HONEY 
HILL 
HOMES. 

* signs to 
GARDEN 

684.9oo9 

CASTLE PARK 
C O LO N IA L. Lorge 5 bedroom brick 2-story. Separate living and dining rooms, pius fam ily room w ith fire p la c e . 
S W IM M IN G 
POOL! $59,9oo 
REALTOR 
691-13oo 
Century 21 
ELAINE LUDWIG * ASSOC. 

CATCH HER 
In this circular den. Wine her in the living room, dine her in the lorge country kitchen. Nuzzle her bv the rock fireplace, show her the watchtower hideaway 3 be­ drooms. I baths, and make your own happy ending! (Ask (or Don 
Juan) 
SANDISON REALTY 
699-92o1 

C H A R T E R O A K S 
TREES TREES TREES 
FIRST TIM E O FFER ED , Owner transferred.on this 9o°omatonry 4 bedroom home. Living, separate dining, huge tam ilv room with fireplace Professionally lands­ caped y a rd . L u x u ry a p p o in t­ ments. Only $59,5oo. REALTORS, 

Lovely 2 story fomily home with o bedroom, ond bath down. 
High tailings, glooming floors, Hying room with fireplace, separate dining room, huge fami­ ly room, library, delightful polio. 

BiAUTVUl COLONI Al 

2 story with basement game room living room (fireplace) separate dining, morning roam, breakfast room ond powder room down. All lorge bedrooms up with dressing room off master suite lovely splintered grounds with pool 

SUPfM LOCATION 

Magnificent spaces for large scale entertaining joined by cozy oceas for intimate family moments. 2 level master suite, 4 other kingsized bedrooms. 
Updated with meticulous aire 
Unusual chandeliers, unique flooring, 4o' family room with built-ins. On 2 large lots. 

MIGHTY TVE ES-AH SCHOOLS 

Delightful 
I story brick on beautiful sprinklered grounds. 
Designed by owner architect with mony special handcrafted feoturts for this homo. 

CHARMING COTTAGf 

On a quiet street in most desirable residential area Close to shopping and bus Hardwood floors, fireplcte in living room, separate dining. 3o s. 

MSTORKAL AKA 

On a 35o deep lot. 4 bedrooms, plus 2 sitting rooms up Beautiful foyer. 
Formal living dining rooms, library, breakfast room and largo morning room, modern kitchen. 

OVER J ACRtS-HIUTOF 

Sophisticated Contemporary with 
5 bedrooms plus quarters Master suite with library, 3 fireplaces. 2 basements. IOO' D'Hanis Hie deck 
(Sensational view). 

TERREII Mills— AH SCHOOLS 

Delightful one story on a corner, living room with firepface, separate dining room, fomily room (Redondo rile floor), 4 bedrooms, plus guest house. 
Gorgeous new kitchen. 824 3233, 
827 5973, 826 7314, 822 91o3, 
826 oo49 

 rn m am wm i 
212-kines 

NEVER BEFORE OFFERED 
• FAR BEYOND • 

 yo u r t k P f r t t lon o* a M e d lto rro n e o n g a m on 5 acres 
(inspiring v lt w ) w ith h e a te d 
P O O L,*’ 
CABANA w H h b ath and k itch en . D oub le TENNIS 
COURTS. Large fa m ily room is b rig h te n e d by tw o story woulted ceilin g, la rg e h o o d e d fire p la c e . Tw o story e xc itin g b rick, 5 b e d ro o m s , 
4Vs baths, plus q u arte rs . S e p a ra te liv in g , din in g , and b re a k fa s t room s. C o m p le te g o u rm e t k it ­ chen. V a u lte d ceilings th ru o u t. Exquisite decor.. 
M a n y spacial fe a tu ra s . And th e lo v e ly app ro ach to discover country livin g d o se to e v e ry th in g . 

<26-2347 
REALTORS 

S I MOVE IN VA 
5% DOWN CONVENTIONAL 
NO FAYMOIT T il AMR 77 
3 sod 4 bedroom pions S34.9So to 543,95o. All homos factor* 
. energy saving package, central heol-oir, carpet and banderol ted woodburning fireplaces, deluxe Magic Chef oil eloctm* 
I kitchen, and 2 coe garages 

6 FURNISHED MODELS 
OPEN DAILY 9-9 
T W IN CREEK 
6 8 1 -1 1 1 1 

SERENELY PRIVATE 
11.5 acre — hiHtop with magnifi­ cent view. Sophisticated 2-sto 
Contemoororv lust minutes fro 
Medical Center and downtown yoars now,- truly unique. 

LIE M4UMITZ 
Channing hi location 
3-2,1 separate living dining room, cen I rim heat air. Priced low 3o s fori quick sale 824 3233, 826 oo49,1 
822 5973, 822-91o3, 826-7314 

341-72o1, nites 492-29671JUHN 
FLOURNOY INC 

 homeowner john flourw pv imc 
M ARKETING SERVICE 
C H U R C H IL L ES TA T E S 
3.ooo 
By owner, Anxious* transferred, 
'must sell NOW Reduced $445o 4 bedrooms, 3 baths Twin Creek. 
538,5oo. $312 mo 681-122o________ 
BV OW NER, Assume 7 V 3 2 2 close to schools, snooping Under 
$3o,OOO 486 1997_________________ 
By Owner, 3 bedroom, 2 bath, double garag e. Braun Station 
West, low equity. 484-31o5 w ee­ kends or oft 6. 
BY OWNER 3 bedroom, I bath. j 
! large den, single garage, covered * patio, cont. h e a t-a ir, recen tly rem o d eled 
On 
C ra ig m o n t between Blanco and West Ave, ! 
Northeast Schools. Price reduced to $27,9oo for quick sale! 341-5722 I or 341-6731 
BY OWNER? 3 2 I. br.ck, coi"y don, living room , larg o tro ts , I central air-heot, privacy fence, 
C h u rc h ill-E is e n h o w e r a re a ' 
$32,9oo. 1o26 MI. Capote 341-93o1, 
36! 43o9 

 b y "a W fa E fc .1 H 6 L iY W 6 6 b 
PARK. Luxuriously finished. 4 bedroom, 2 'i baths, pool, large tot $84,95o. 494-5349 
A y OW We A j T i ; new pa.n l. driveway, semi-turnlshed $15,75o 
Ask tor Solly, 735-8111 large yard 
SY o K/SF E : Northside Schools. 
I 3-1* ? with don, utility room, gar- 
Ibage disposal, stove, c e n tra l heat-air. $1475 equity ond assume. 
No Agents. 337-4*13 

141o7 Smokey Way 63 J $Jj,*oo 
14111 Smokey Way 3-2-2 $33,8oo 
1411$ Smokey Way 2-story 4-2-2 
$34,45o 
COMPARE THIS Q UALITY 

CALLAHAN HOMES INC 
*364*48 
832-12t* 

SPLIT LEVEL 
Newly listed * bedroom. % acre corner lot. patios galo re 
NE 
Schools, convenient to shopping centers Mid $5o s 494 3341 
DALE R ILE Y REAL ESTATE 

KEY GROUP 

REALTORS-Bandora Rd Ole 
A 't t A'S'ALfe E N tf t Y . d ren c h doors ond a Mansard roof set the theme of this lovely, white brick h o m e in Whtsprtng Oaks* Sunken liv ir r a room, skylighted dining room, a paneled den and 4 be­ droom s. study and sew ing room plus o heated pool. grand patio* 
$89,5oo. 
REALTORS 
696 4811 

Guy Chipman Co I 
APPROX1."I1 a A < in 6.7k~.'iTogJ c a n 

BY OWNER 
Oak Meadow, beautiful, large. 
2-story 4-3-2, 2 veer old home, 
Corner lot. extras galore, im ­ maculate. 7*«N Loan, no accolor- orion. Only $63.9oo 49? 2924 
BY 
OWNER: 
TOWNVIEW 
ESTATES 
3 bedroom, 2 both, dining room, lorge fam ily room, fireplace, 2 car g a ra g e , on C ui-D o Sac 
7' »**NOTE. I Year old. *81-338$ or 224-4554 

North is the s it* of this NEW 
Coranto! homo! Plush carpeting thruout tho flvlng-dlntng room, walnut paneled family room with hroplaco, all 4 bedrooms 
148,5oo 
REALTORS 
494-4811 

BY OWNER 
Townvtew Estate. 
3-2-2, 
Assum e 
7% 
C a ll 
686 57o6-whdyS. 686-8691 wknds 
BY OWNER 
1819 W M ISTLETOE Young cou pie s delight! Charming 3-2-2 with fireplace! Separate dining and tnclosed porch $27,7oo O PEN 
E RMS I 733-8974 or 822-1424. 
4343 SMA Agent__________ 
YO N C R E E K 
E S T A T E ' 
Approx. 2,3oo sa. ft. of comtor rabic living space in a prestigious area! Formal rooms plus family room and study, both with tiro- utotos! 4 bedrooms. 3 full baths. 
Patios and courtyard triple garage 
$13o,ooo 
REALTORS 
494-7771 

C H U R C H IL L ES TA T E S 
3.ooo sq ft of Contemporary glamor! A fabulous home with a sunken, terrazzo-tiled living room 24x2o, atrium , party-size dining room ond a fam ily room with wolnut panelma, wet bar and fireplace! 3 bedrooms, Quarters, 3 baths. 
$92,3oo 
REALTORS 
696-4811 
Guy Chipman Co 

" Churchill Hi 
Enchanted forest, 3-2'> sewing room, 197o Sa Ft., pius patio, fire­ place. above ground pool, low so S 341-8o52 att 4pm ___________ 

CLOSE TOR SAM 
E x tra large 2 bedroom home,- freshly painted inside and out 
O versized g orag e and fenced yard $14,SOO. R o b erto W hite 
$33-7143, nites 333-8743 
BOB JONES, REALTORS 
KEY GROUP 

C.M. FURR CO. 
Specializing Northsldo-733 7141 
COLONIAL OAKS. Charm of an tiaue brick, loaded windows, huge family room, invites gracious liv­ ing in this 4 bedroom . 2 bath home Over 21oo sa ti $$4,ooo 
RED CARPET 
342 311 1 
REALTORS 
344 8227 

COLONIES NORTH ' 
Custom built, beautiful drapes and carpet, 4 large bedrooms. 3 luxury baths. 2 fireplaces, central heat air. 
Call 
824-4521, rates 
676o744 
Turner Realty 

COLONIES NORTH 
Priced to soil. This im pressive I i 3 2-2 
L iv in g room , don, and beautiful garden room 
$45,5oo 
6963744 
Tart Bailey Real Estate 
C O N V E N IE N T 
U T S A ; 
HOSPITALS. 3-3-2-, appliances, ' hroplaco No down, $3oo closing 

JEFF AREA 

♦ bedroom, 2 both homo, I86o sq ft on a comtr lot, carpeting, new roof, staled patio, ossume 7% VA loon with payments of 52o9 or refinance VA-FHA of Conventional. 

BOB MCGINNIS 
REALTORS 
349-1121 

FOREST GLEN. 3-2-?, 7$% brick j home with carpeting throughout, formal dining area, family room, privacy fenced, and cathedral i ceiling in living room, and ap­ pliances 4362341. 
RED CARPET 
________ REALTORS 

UNIVERSITY HILLS 

Actos! Loop 16o4 from UTSA. OBEE 
EVERYDAY 12 6 B M. New. luxuty 
Homes 
Foe the 
Discriminating 
Buyer... 

7 9 o 3 SHADY H OLLOW 
$ 5 4 ,7 5 o 

1 5 4 1 o R ID ROBIN 
$ 5 5 ,7 5 o 
North on (HIO, left on 16o4, post 
UTSA, ond right on White Fawn to open house orrows. 

DOUGLAS Lf W I 5 
QUALITY BUILT HOMES 
3 4 3 -7 3 3 4 

HILL COUNTRY VILLAGE 
First time on the m arket ..5 be­ drooms, 3 bath one story home on two acres. Ifs luxury through out with big covered patio, m arble tubs and so mony tine features. 
Colt 349-1436 Anytime 
BASSE-WEILBACHER 
INC. REALTORS 

LOW EQUITY! 
8-2-2 writ) approx. 1*oo 
•q. ll. en luxury, leu than I. year ald. 
Law equity at i i 7oo and aeeuena M a m a of SJO *oo at 1372 par ma. 
Formal mad Informal riving 

 w?ap areund* jeati? central ham ai r, ferny earpetad, de lur a Magic blat kfMian. like new ixruBtian. 
6 8 1 -1 1 1 1 
TWIN CREEK 

HOLLYWOOD PARK 
3-2-2 
B rick 
C o n te m p o ra ry 
Beamed ceilings, fireplace 
Unique! 
822-1223, 8267334 
Dixie Rose, Realtor 

FOREIT GLEN 
2 story all modern 4 bedroom. \ bath. 2 co r garage beauty with loads of o xfras. O w ner tra n s ­ ferred and anxious to soil. 
*76144$ 
REAL ESTATE WORLD 
FOREST OAKS 
W alk through c o u rt-vo rd into lovely 3-2-2. Luxurious carpet, fireplace, formal dining, break­ fast area In kitchen, sprit bedroom pion Surrounded by oaks. Don I miss! Mid $44'$. 
Century 21 
W HITEHEAO-HOLLIDAY 
681 o1oo 
REALTORS 
FOREST OAKS ESTADES 
Sunken living area has fireplace. raised separate dining, breakfast room, 3 bedrooms, all masonry, under $4o,o4o. Ask for Beth Tate 
341-91*6 A N Y T IM E 
Century 21 
HOWARD TAT^ REALTORS 

CARDEN KITCHEN 
: In this Doll nous* in Bobcock 
North 3 bedrooms. 2 baths with 

I ctntrol heat ond air N S I S O 
Worn to Boon* E lem ents School 
Assume or refinance. $28,9oo 

344-42o7, *14-433o A n y tim e 
Oeanie Qwens Co 
REALTORS N West Ole 

GERONIMO FOREST ~ 
Lorge 3 bedroom, ? both, all brick homo on a corner lot over an aero 

HOLLYWOOD PARK 
4o5 EL PORTAL 
Drive by. Call to see. Charming! contem porary, 3-2-2, fireplace, j beamed ceilings 122-1233 
Dixie Rose, Realtor 

I ____________ 824-7334___________ ' 
HO M E and 
O F F IC E , la rg e c o rn e r, lo rg e o ld e r | 
3 2 2-d*n hobby room rock, many ; 
' extras! 824-4So7 
REQUA REALTY CU 

HORSFIOVER’S CASTLE 
; Beautiful Spanish Ram bler, set 
I among giant live oaks on 4 ’ > acres. 4 Bedrooms, 3 ' « baths, huge den with stone fireplace, formal living room, separate din- 
! ing room, and a kitchen every woman drooms al. 6 Stott stoble and corrol Call now! 
3468348 
G r a c e A r n o l d 
REALTORS MLS 

LEON VALLEY AREA 
Lovolv custom built home. 4-2-2. 
Beautiful back yard, with large covered patio. All brick. Priced in low $4o s. We hove 3 more, 4 be droom homes in this area 
Century 21 
W HITEH EA D HO LLIDAY 
481-Q3Uo_____________ REALTORS 

LOMA PARK 
Redecorated 2 bedroom, fam ily room, living and dining, lots of extras. Roberta White $33-7143. nites 333-87*3 
BOB JONES. REALTORS 
KEY GROUP 

LOS ANGELES HGTS 
Outstanding 3-1-1 with carp e t, large patio, screened porch 
SIS,SOO 
Van Buren & Assoc 
684-7171 
696S896 
499 oo46 
Lovely 2 bedroom, I newly cer- mite riled bath plus living, dining loom and study 
B rick bba on large patio. Much storage space 
Stove remains Only $17,5oo. Don't miss this one 732-8111 
FAMILY REALTY 

LOVELY HOME QUI A HILL l-t 'Y - t , c en tral heat $198 mo 
*75-1641, *761777. *23-572o 
POINTER REAL ESTATE 

LUXURY CONDOMINIUM 
3 bedrooms, 2 'i baths, control living area with fireplace, dining room. lush brown carpet throughout. 
LANDMARK. REALTORS 
__________ 696-95o?____________ 

MAGNIFICENT HOME 

•THIS IS SELECT!1- 
, 
— r w ith heated pool in p riv a c y l e t s M AKE A DEAL 1 Separate living and fam ily are a s . 3 be grounds Large brick ram bler quality built J bedrooms. 2 botho plus quarters, bath Family roam 
(F P . terrazzo floored), and oar den room 
L ivin g and dining rooms Many built-ins 8)o8.ooo 
See this in Northwood Estates 
826-2347. 
Thelma B. Preissman 

'FOR FAST title service with no unnecessary delay let ALAMO! 
TITLE 
CO handle the 
Ocol 
2 2 7 -8 3 3 1 , i 

•FOR S23.5oo* you aet I bedrooms, ? baths, con­ trol heat air in last growing Sier­ ra North A GOOD BUY 344-3471,j rules *56 4521 
BOB BRENNER REALTORS d A i-ft' f N KlYSr fffltU . Skylight liv in g rm . 3 1 3 . pm ts $2T j,l 
S?6,5oo or Terms Open 461-4878 o l m , I Bedrooms, I B ait, car pated. SOM Equity end Take aver j 
P a ym en ts C U L S B R A P A R K ! 
REALTY 432-8217_______________ 
Good loc orion, Wilshire T e rra c e .1 by ow ner, l - t - l, schools, bus,! churchos. high school busline.! 
F o rt Sam, shopping c e n te rs ,! 
Windsor Park Mall, ossumt 7%. I 
Stepson Opt* down 124 o675 

 g A I I M h O U S E . 
D A R D E N 
ARBA ANO FR UIT TREES all go w ith this S T A R T E R 
H O M E ' 
B E A U TY! I bedrooms (J at em 
• uipeted), carpel! if riving room,! aft control Alt this ond more far a ■ low 122.95o VA PHA abl SIS 414J, I avos 

- 
- 
" I to elementary school Evenings, cell Cathy 826 8734 
STOP THE WAR with your lend lord Escalating rants get you downf Flexible term s on this J bedroom redecorated home 
IS 
YO U R 
W IF E 
R U N N IN G 
AROUND looking for a I bedroom home at a erica you can offordt 
Shew her this older home con yem en ! to F t 
Sam H ouston. 
Evenings, cell Curl $33-7477 
Century 21 
D ELAN EY REALTY 653 655o 

• NORTHWOOD CHARM • 
GUEST HOUSE 
HEATED POOL on privacy grounds 2 story frodi i tion al. antique brick on quiet j street B ricked entry leads to I brick floor don with fireplace. 
Delightful form al areas. S -l'i-2 and guest house!? rooms, bath). 
Complot* kitchen Walk to St Pius 
Northwood and Garner. 826 2347, i 
Realtors 
Thelma B. Preissman 

 o a’k TK h T A w t' s r r t«To- o5w N 
Closing to anyonet Living, din. mg and family roams, dinette area, 62-2. lust $446 monthly 
344 $564 Hart McCormick 344-3993 I 
SYTT T n r e ------------------ 
PINN BRICK 
SOHI lavel home 
Fireplaces in 1 ti.,th living roam and fomily room. 
2 bedrooms ond largo covered sun parch an I level I bedroom ond sitting roam an tower level 
Alamo 
Hats 
Schools 
138.58o 
826 4571 

18oo SQ.FT. TOWNHOUSE 
Best buy in San Antonio! Is this 3 bedroom. 2' i bath homo, 2 living oroas. fireplace, double garage with electric opener, gardens front and bock, NE area, under 
$4o,ooo 

LANDMARK. REALTORS 
*4(L9$o? sVUHBV H T A Y ! ( T B U A V U iL 
3-2. spacious fire p la c e fprm ol area. hi-celtrags. newer kitchen, 
Laurel Hgts . colleges and busi­ ness d is tric t n ear 
SEE ITS 

W l K i S 
Guy Chipman Cu I 

496/42oWAYNE SLATER *o64t4t| lh size with mony beautiful trees 
' 
1 Lovely cathedral beamed fomily room with fireplace Over sized double oarage Many extras For details and viewing, coil 342 4MS 
ANYTIM E 

 drooms. I' i bath, control hoat-air, stove, refrigerator, dishwasher. I 
Largo fenced yard Small cash assumption 
$24$ par mo. Will trade 
BOB DePAOLO 
3463o91 
REALTOR 
S E A jtlE U L CALftfal'I Y faAAT H 
4 bedroom. 2' ibath. Lorge den. 
Must see to appreciate! 494-74o$ or *94-7141. 

M ANY EX TR A S 
PRICE 134 45o7 ■ 
BELOW 3o $ 

REUUA REALTY CD 

418 SUMNER 
3 bedroom, I bath. control heat, air conditiuners, fenced yard, trees. $16,5oo 73$ SIU 
LES EDGAR 736 4333 r j n r r - R 6 a r e ~ rn - A u m a r e a J story Contemporary in 
THOUSAND OAKS $ Bedrooms, 
3*i battu, on* living area with double fire p la c e ond wet b ar, large caporal* dining room ond o bright gam * room tor tho kids, 
CaU 342 3211 ANYTIM E 

Beautifully landscaped 3-2 with rock front on cul-do soc, garage ! converted to don with doors In ! tack, lull carpet, appl, 14x17 large moster bedroom, central air heat, I large vord and patio with cover , plus storage shed on concrete ! 
Slob 
BY OWNER NO AGENTS : 
673 2973 

O a UYIPUL 'T m 
'ffT S f is t'fra setting on this quia! col d* soc 
Period fbi family oriented 4 be droom. 2 both, with double gorae* tir e o in r * ond fireplace Separate moster r . p u x a ri bed ro om w ith door to p atio 1 8 o t r ,a 
494-5231 (A N Y T IM E ) 

CASTLE HILLS 
All brick. 4 odroom, J bath, plus liv in g room ond la rg e den. 
Builders home on largo lot Many. mony oxtros 732-SI 11 
FAMILY REALTY 

C A STLE H IL L S lovolv 3 b e­ droom. 2 bath home with unique features! G am * ream with out­ side entrance, screened patio oft the tomily room and a fireplace in the "L" shooed formal room. 
$47,$o8 
REALTORS 
494 7771 
Guy Chipman Co 

CASTLE RIUS... 
... oil masonry 3 bedroom homo on a largo lot with beautiful trees 
Separate dining room. 34' don 
. N e a r M ount and Loo H igh 
School 341-72o1. Hilts 343 o829, ask tor VIR G IN IA N ISN D O RFF 
RED CARPET 
JOHN FLOURNOY INC 

W 
M 
8 M 
E 

•LIVE OAK® 
4 BEDROOMS 
L a rg e 2-story w ith b e a u tifu l grounds, G R E A T FO R YO UR 
FA M ILY Only $37,948 and we ll ' trod* 344 3471, Niles 341-1941 
BOB BRENNER REALTORS 

LIVEOAK 
First altering Assume gr rgfm- once. This J I-1 home priced in! m id 24'$ 
C e n tra l g ir-h e o t, ten coo eras* ta tram REALTOR 
494-I9SI 
Century 21 c u o o y g l a s c o c k 

LIVEOAK VILLAGE 
S AN O P I P E RT Ilk e 

O f c e n tra l h e p t-a ir, ran g e , dish washer, covered patio intercoms 
N o thing down 
VA 
8)3,44o 
C h arles W o lfs R eal E s ta te . 
I 7)2-2918. 7)2-51$$. 228 9144 
BT? U TT <161o--------- 
4 bedroom, 2 bath. dan fireplace. plush carpet, cathedral ceiling. m icro wove oven. electric kit chan, big rat 346*181, 824 498) 

3-1-3, la rg e fa m ily room , fir- 
.___________. _ . _ 
••race (dihedral callings, fenced o l B VARA* Iv ewnxr J l f 
»*rd, c#v*r»d pafw O p jj i a n i | venoms le m r a i n m n i n n r T 

Cjrw H j? > Xsm aiBs 
. S w w i W 
B H p i W s & i i K i F 
L j 

O l6 # R ond B E T T I ti 
, materials and exp e rt w orkm an ship were combined in this 38 y e a r pig home in T E R R E L L I 
HILLS Over 4,4*o sa It et luxury living 4 Master sized bedrooms. 3 
Fireplaces banquet sue formal dining Updated ond modern as tomorrow 494-76)1 ANYTIM E 

 m i n i 
V I ­ 
NO 

SWIMMING POOL 
Pius 3 bedroom, I bath home with 1 gameroom and I cor garage 1949 s o ft im m a c u la te con dition 
147.544 747 Maplewood 
C A L L 494-5227 
A r m s t r o n g ^ ! ) 

TEXXELl NILLS' 
A sunt,.sinated 63, see to realty ! abbr ac ulg. Ifs bright and cfraar tut livability IJJ 1)41 

HARTMAN REALTORS rf ir m rut p jr n w -6Hr 
Hor# is a to re opportunity to possess I tine homos on I acre et 
Iona on* house is a 2 bedroom. I I bath and the other is a I bedroom with I baths to ra are spacious I and ara highlighted with cree lively tenured tkylighti 494 )231 
(A N Y TIM E ) 

5-4 3 BEDROOMS! 
3-4 BATHS! 
S79.SOQ TO S115,ooo! 
8'/rS INTEREST AVAIL! 
OAK VALLEY OAKCREEK NWI 
9 models open daily, spacious, gracious riving, prgmral designs. will ti ode Out Vance Jackson, I mile from 414 
MIKE 
KINDER 
BLDR. 

I 'I& n BEAUTIF UL 
4 3'#-* Big country kitchen den, 
PLUS 2nd to m ily room master bdrm, EIG dross, wotk in 
MAC REAL ESTATE 824 2521 f i b r i l now Kame with a crook ot tho beck of tho lot! 
E n orm o us liv in g and fa m ily loams 
28x1$ kitchen with built in a p p lia n c e s ! 4 bed ro o m s, I , th* Pretty pallet 
$69.1 
REALTORS 
1*4-8432 

Schools 
C entral h o a t-air its 6$) 1738 

Beautiful yard with huge trees ond covered patio format riving ream. large dining 3 bedrooms. 2 baths, sun roam. all appliunces 
Storage shod Ste today! 
454*3535 A n y tim e 
Beanie Owens Co 
REALTORS Randolph Ole 

Mbiiniftcsnl 4 Bsdraom 
J story a ll b ric k — I l l s sa t i 
U N D E R PR IC S O tor a re a b t I 
*48.588 Se* it now and trode up 
346)471 
After 4 Lance 6564528 tlO t bR ENN ER REALTORS 

ON A W ANI AO 
IMI N U M III to ea u 
I) 2 25 1666 
1X6*155 ANO N I VV 5 

LOOK AT MEH i Delightful 3 Lea teem in Camelot 
■ ll, with so many extras, we can't i list them alt Super fireplace • 

 j tuber price Just listed end won't 
I last. 

• 24-4391 A n y tim * 
Beanie Owens Co 
Realtor N e loop ate 

--------------- l S W T B TJiT V ------------------- 
In popular VuI*nr ic 4 bedrooms, 
23x15 9 living hoi in . w j i * Over tile d dining 2 pottos Ask far beth 
Tate 
341-9144 A N YTIM E 

. ae __ , wall cantral a ir, intercom , an i limited access street Bv Ownpr 
137 544 Assume $231 mo *55 8843 
2 o H H n F X I7 " lT p T S ..d s , a ped 
! doubt*, corner lot. stands a slot* iv alder home, built of stone, with a tile root! Gleaming hardwood j floors and 9' ceilings, area hall m arks of the distiactivtly fine construction and, tho lovolv, 
{ mantled fireplace in the living 
I roam odds a rich accent Formal 
' dining ream. kitchen and break 
I fast room which overlook the curving pang, a huge basement j with a »umy| paneled playroom 
: 28x17 and Quarters central heal ana air, of course, and a 4 car ag* Offered ot 
9,484 

BO ire WY i n q t TTI 
V A C A N T ! im m a c u la te 3 be­ droom, J bath home In V A H E Y 
FORGE Formal drama and large [ 
„ , w,._ 
" " '" f area with fireplace brott atter en equity and assume 7% S 
7ooo sa ti $ bedrooms, 4 ', barat cul de sac fat w ith I * * * * * * I VA or $37,584 641-4993 j btu* q u a rte rs 
3 fire p la c e s 

 m w 

 beautiful J I I, witii large moster 
:: utility and privacy lance Make 

Must Sett, make appt.. attn tai 

CASTLE HILLS 
All brick, 4 bedroom. 2 bath, plus liv in g room and la rg e den builders home on large lot Many, mony extras 7)2-4111 
FAMILY REALTY | 

CASTLE H lU s ESTATES Lux o rv tomily homo features 5 be­ drooms. J' > baths, separate iivin# and drama rooms, fam ily roam with wet bar and wood burning fireplace Covered pane, tarp * backyard ideal for growing rami ly 
Prestige areo In NE school district 496 74)1 A N YTIM E 
ROSOW & KUNE 
17.181 " i . M I g g i l ? y « .2 Ilg ,? T » V r 
CASTIE HILLS 
Lovely hem* on oversized corner lot. Mint condition J bedrooms. ! 
I i beths, targe family room with fireplace Separate living and drama ideal far family or 
•nrartamin# 
C A L L 494 5227 
A r m s t r o n g C o 

CASTLE HILLS 

COUNTRY LIVIN6 bedroom s. I baths. F ren c h stylo, country sorting on aero 
Energy saving design, single riv-1 rag orca with rara* fireplace Mid 
S54'S. 4963541 
DALE RILE Y REAL ESYATE 
KEY GROPP 
CUL DE SAC home, bv owner, 
526.548, 1-2. converted carport, skylight, garden, trees, carpet, central heat and air. 8318 Robin 
Hill IAI 85o4 

DON! BRING MONEY 
Brine your paint brush! No down p ay m e n t to a n y o n e! 3 4 b e­ drooms 3 baths, soma with air and all appliances Payments less than rant! 
BOE OePAOLO 
3463891 
E OF BANDERA RD 
No down anyone, rock 3 2-2. fire­ place, carpet more $283 povm 
1284545 
Prioxoi Rlty 
454 o975 

S3,OOO EQUITY 
Firepiacod single living area plus fo rm al dining room . p riv a c y fence ond utility room All tor only 
131.584 *44 72oo 
CENTURY l l Schneider Fro ^ 
EV ER YTH IN G LARGE 
I except pricp! H up* living and family roams, J ov.iraam, 3 bath. i dos# ta everything Oft San Pe­ dro Mid 24'$ Niles 341 4444. 
Century 21 
HAP RESER 453 418? Anytime 
EXECUTIVE BEAUTY 
I Lecated on high co rn e r, near 
USAA mid Medical Center one et th* city's finest homes. 4.3, or 4 bedrooms, office, hug* den. lovely heated pool J ' t baths, extras in every corner Owner leaving u $ 
Must sell! Priced af only $1)5 OOO 
LUXURY GARDEN HOME 
Over 128o sa ft af beauty Near 
USAA 63 I, fireplace, lo r** bon 
I and living. Loodto with oxfras. i Priced ter quick sat* 
Oa k h il l s 
Prestige area. Ltvelv 3-2-2. den ond livid* covered poi.o. garden 
Btf tat Mid )44'$, will Ired* 
Century 21 
Whit*h*ad-H*riday 

 immediate Occupancy Available! 
Hominess is the keynote with all th* m odern appointm ents. A t­ tractive two story. Lorge rumpus room, 21' master bedroom Fire­ place! Sprinklered prounds with m any oaks. W alk to oil level schools and shopping A real rind i at $59,54o 8264121 A N YTIM E. 
ROSOW I KLINE 
REALTORS-58 Years pl TRUST 

INDOOR OUTDOOR inside - 3 bedrooms. 2 baths. Ov­ ine dining, fam ily room and o ! targe kitchen and brook tost area 
OUTDOORS - Over '» acre. 2ox1* i covered polio, tarp# gat den and a 1 million dollar view $59,9oo Only > th* auick writ get this on* C a ll' now! 
736-4424 
Beanie Qwens Co 
REALTORS Jefferson Ole 
INSPIRATION HILLS 
O verlo o kin g city . la rg e J be­ droom. I bath, iivin* and drama room. den. breakfast area. cen trot heat air Large lanced yard. convenient location to everything 
$62,5oo Coll 736123?____________ 
Jefferson Aroa, By Owner. 3 bo droom. 2 bath, spacious iivraa and drama area, large kitchen, groat nwghbornood 735-1466 

In Charter Oaks, an a beautiful ook covered lot, spacious 4 be­ drooms, large cximned den plus a 
JO' game room tor your pool table, trailer or boat space, deluxe pool 
341-72o1 REALTORS 
JUHN FLOURNOY IWC 

M A K E 
M IN E 
C O U N T R Y ! 
Your s, too. ond this 3 bedroom, ? bath BRICK home on 17 ocras com plot* with tinkling, crystal clear creek 441-o664 
RED CARPET 

 m « jdow village I, 3-2-2. by owner. 
6764S3S._______________________ 

M EDICAL COMPLEX and schools dose to this cut* 4 yeors old 4-2. with all e x tra *! 
Fully carpeted, high location 
Only $34,5oo 
BIO 2 STORY 
With hug* oak froes. 4-3-2, livtng ond den 
New pain t. C los* to schools, low interost. $37,7o4 
CA N TERFIELD 
Po pgior aro a n ea r M e d ic a l 
Center 
Large fully carpeted J bedroom. 2 bath. bra den and play room. Covered patio Also large 4 bedroom Both in mid-$3o s Good terms 
Century 21 

WORLD WIDE REAL TV 
GET OUT OF TOWN! 
Everyone loves the country, end this is your chanco to own an ex­ ceptional 3-2-2 home on 2 ocros with exlrp 2 cor garage, garden and fru it trees. A good buy at 
$79,o44. conventional 
OAKS 
NORTH 
MOBILE 
ESTATES 
L arg e 3-2 m o b il* w ith a ll a p ­ plian ces on n e a rly en a e ro . 
Fenced, lots af trees, plus t stor­ age bunging. 
Only 
$14,944. conventing! 
COLONIES SUMM IT 
Sinai* living areak. 3-1-2 with split bedroom a rra n g e m e n t O nly iii,SOO. assume conventional 

JEFFERSO N a r e a 
Older 3 bedroom homo. carpeted, 

W hiten** d-Mpiidov 
6463711 
REALTORS 
14 MILES WEST, oil brick, 2 br 
............ _ _ droom with control hoot and air, ronge. large den, Indscaped'yard I 5rl,cll. W 
o®e fraus* 12x24. double 
Reduced erie* detached eat aet with workshoa. 6 
BRIGHAM REALTY *7)1441 
M,f* * ? • « " * H u t* garden with 
J R ti! V V PS n u ' aaa"*:— 77777". 
*"*? «**•« system Ail this on 4 
J E F F E R S O N a r e a , Across | tenths et on ocre, Medina Valley schools Low Medina Co taxes 
HUGHES B BRISCOE 
9164331 REALTORS 
1 66) 539' 

&siU2! Century 21 

• P1 
—I i i ) ---------------------- •»* hoot, 
E X P A N D I N G f a m ily I T r y 
* 4 9 n fa 

W HITEHEA D HOLIDAY 
I AI 7113_____________ REALTORS 
GRANO CHAMP 
Oft Vance lackson, this excellent 2 bedroom, 2 lull beths, paneled den only S it,*4o Open term s 
Don t hesitate Call 4S6I234 
RED CARPET 

GRASS VALIEV MLA 
Bv owner, 1-3-3. heat o ir, fully carpeted *462948 

HANDYMAN! K U S H 
3 to rt* bedrooms, riving aroa pius dining, hroptac* on almost I acre 
Room for garden 8264521. nites 
*76o744 
Turner Realty 

HARMONY HILLS NEtSO. 3 2 3, I 
By owner, $4144 dewn. l i t . $4o writ note terms Shown bv appt 
Mon Tues I S 341-2534, CALL for : 
Dr. M erritt att i 117-4331 
| 

HARMONY HILLS 
4 bedroom, 2 bura, across tram j elem entary school 
P atip and pool Owner anxious to sell 
GRACE LAIRD 7)6423) 7)4 OO*/ 

H A R M O N Y H I L L S 
Tree covered corner. I l l, don. 

 street from high school J story rock, will need remodeling Could be 8 bedrooms, 3444 sa ti horn* ar 4 unit apt Priced to soil. coll now 
HUGHES A BRISCOE 
92643)1 
REALTORS 
42) 3f7t 

JEFFERSON AA 
'L o tto Room in this big 4 bo- I droom , J bath hom e on larg e corner lot Form al living room. ioparote dining room, don with hroplaco Shown anytime 
UHUH Wwlsnv 7356876 
JEFFERSON ERICK immaculate ) ?-d*n. covered po ho, booutiful shady yard Clos* to bus 
M arti* Horton 344 2)41, 4$)-Sf)4 
BOB JONES, REALTORS 
KEY GROUP 
JEFFERSON 
Spacious 2 bedroom. I bath and 
'emily room walking distance ta 
Jeff V itia te I car garage with furnished efficiency apartm ent. 
733-7141, 716 SSS#. 344 UJJ 
C.M. FURR CO 

JDST LISTEO 
In best af Jefferson Charming ) bedroom heme with ftrtpiucg in large living roam Separate din­ ing roam Excellent condition Se* 
It! 3464)44 
G r a c e A r n o l d 

 fireplace, ell carpeted, central 
5)9,*44 
3464441. 
No 

I lo g a n ! I s to ry m a n s io n , a p p ro x 

 privacy 
A N YTIM E 
M i- ii 11 

 m u ! 
REALTORS 
424 **11 

I U 
L & 
U filii Chipman Cn 

1 ? M 
U ) I I 
V l l l H f l l ------------------ i v O w ner. 13241 Le V tn to n e. 
6 1 2 Fireplace cathedrui miring intercom, wet bar, must sell tm m ediately 
$61,1o4 Assume or refinance 
Open un lay I ta * 
*51 H S I 

IH I ACTION h U M I I I roe t a t t etkuits 
•L A C I to u t W A N I AO 
IN IM I lA P a tS S N I MTS 
CAU 32) loo* 

 m i n i i t A T if t jr i - i - i , h r ; brick home with 14beautiful oaks, sprinkler system, fireplace, and la r f * family roam 4M-2M1. 

BRICKS ¥ DREAMS 
’N’ FAMILY OAMS 
Medieval cu'tem-buiit wlfh foun­ tain entry Formal Hying, format dining ond large beam ed fire- placed den Large rivet* master with fireplace L a ra * dressing area and M M I 542.ooo 
SANDISON RRALTY 
499 t?ol 

$299,448 CAU Annotto 

Van B o m I Assoc 
6867171 
SAA 1889 
344 )122 
CASTLE HILLS i AC 
! individualistic J or 4 bodroam, 
2 both, I cor para*# rock homo. 
23 ft family roam, l l ti gam# room, ))4.9b8, ebon terms! 
344 554* Hurt McCormick 344 299) 
Castle Mills 
Largo 4 bedroom* )' .Bain* plus sep arate 8 a m * room in a irs 
Heated thor mot appl ond many extra* 174,544 By appt J# Ann 
S p e a r*. B ru n e r C a n y r 34/ 4 2 2 ) 

P l A l f TOCH W A N I AO 
IN IM ) IxPbtSS N I WS 
C A U 33) 1666 

 this 3 Bedroom home tor s it*) 
Living dining ond family rooms 
..built in kitchen! 
345,94o 
REALTORS 
494-7771 
Guy Chipman Co 

 f ir E P I a ^ k d L i v i n g a r e a . window seat* ond utmost now bp phancos make this homo lovable end livable) I bedroom*, ) both* 
Patio' 
))).lS e 
REALTORS 
4967771 
Guy Chipman Co 

FIRST OFFERING 
DREAMLAND OAKS 
Bieqont brick home in secluded neighborhood 4 bedroom, I both I plus 17 X 
I ) g ard e n room 
Elephant condition, l i t t a t , 
124 547) 
S lrq u d tr N o tio n R a p tly 

IS 2l r 
<66o f I Pi 135 AND NIMS 

HECK OF A BUY! 
In Lo* High Arg# 
This ) bo droom. 2 bath homo with single 
••r o o * is appraised AT O NLY i l l , SM and tho owner has reluc­ tantly agreed to give his house away at mot price 
M9 3)36 or MF-) 111, anytime 
Oeanie Owens Co 

Plenfy pf room for your "little radians" rn this 4 bedroom. 2 J5o 
*q n two n o r* hem* with master suite down, bi# bul coly den with fireplace, large seggrpl* living end dramg room end more Only 
$42,144 and Churchill District 
Coll 349-1436 Anytime 
BASSE-WEILBACHER 
INC, K E P I t o r s _______ 

 to t i A it et sui i* 
PCACt you* W A N I AO 
IN IM I I A H i 13* N iW i 
CAU l i t - 1 AAA 

M L 3 _ _ . . . 
JUST LISTE D ' Th.* .3 on extep 
H a n d ily b e a u tifu l h a m * in o pork like yetting with a I remen dee* view. 4 Large bedrooms, I tarp* buras (on* a club). Large kitchen with buttf-ra team aker, corning cooktpp s is .tie C all 
342 3211 AN YTIM E. 
ROSOW I KLINE 

 walking distance Ie ell I school tgygfa 611 . pius office ♦ em ce, tot 
Of fo rm al and in fo rm al Hying grog Privacy tenet, covered po 
Ira. Water Seffner, and tree shod dad yard Mid )48’$. 1* this tor you* REALTOR. 4)67717 
Century 21 ia r r g y r a t e d ^ c A>tot 

MOVE UP into this BRICK ) be I droom. I both custom homo ne or 
Med Center Large, single riving aroa dominated bv breatntokrag 
FIREPLA CE. LAW 49 * FHA VA br assume $247 mo *81-46*9 
RED CARPET 

NATURFS BRANOtUfi 
Its only part at this handsome 4 bedroom 2 bath, firepiacod term 
Iv room plus form al rivma and drama On 7 ACRE M OUNTAIN 
TOP. I) min to Med Center 
-O N L Y 8*9,o84 
REALTORS 
VICKI LANE 
141 3134 
N IT E ! 124 MFI 
WJlfclf J BdiYiKhey 
NEAR BUS. No payments until 
May Cutebra Pork Nice 3-1’ i t, 
5221 down $143 monthly 
J 4 J REALTY *764843 Anvrime 
Near JOHN MARSHALL HIGH 
Fireplace between living imp I air, carbin, en iv S II) monthly and drain# area, att rte! 
I roam 
:k 61 2 

 with no down payment ta onygno1 
346)364 Hor* McCormick 3462993 
■ m 
S 
B 
B 
B 
& h i 
EAR MAC ARTHUR HI 
3 bedroom 2 both, doubt* barege, central heot-oir. privacy lance. pie* ook tree. pow corpot and paint. Like new 
All financing a v a ila b le 
Colt co llect 
M f 
__ 
N E A R M E D IC A L C E N T S ! 
Truly g home of distraction, hill­ side seclusion, courtyard entry elegant structural lately feature* you mutt se* Erick. 62-d*n pion reduced ie low $4 * anc*, owaer leaving 134 4547 
REQUA REALTY CO 
N E E B A V B i B i o OS T ? 'bath home on 8 acres with $371 sp ft > 
Than this homo is tar you, com blot* with fireplace and fam ily room, pool re a m , gam eroom sundeck horse steriSi wetber and 
Much Moro! 4)63341 
RED CARPET r e a l t o r s _________ 

NEW LISTING 
T R E E S ! T R E E S * T R E E S ! ‘in 
OLO 
M o t t V W OOD 
P A R K 
Charming I bedroom J bath stone home $si 9o4 
C A L L 4 9 6 *2 2 7 
A r m s t r o n g C o le t, p re ttie s a re a 
C a ll 
NEW TO M ARKET 
LARGE 62 an l l peres, ideal tor horses, p re ttie s a re a 
C all 
341 4444 tar detail* REALTORS 
RED CARPET 

LEON VALLET MLA 
3 bedroom I oath large master, privacy tone* and OiutUn kitchen I *41 9)44 
Only l i t * # equity and atturn* 7 ! ii* . (Adin A ll H M 
CENTURY 21 Schneider Realty 

 l i t Has had TCC. Living drama co m b in atio n , to m ily rgom , covered patio, spnnklor system 
Priced I* sari I SH,$44 
Century 21 w hTt s h e j u ) h q c I id a y 
REALTORS 

1 o 8 IH I I A t l i s i ( D u c t s 
O N A W A N I AD 
IM I h U M III IO C A U 
IS l l ) - 1 AAA tx e e l** a n d NI w * 

TWI AC TIO N N U M A !* 
• o 8 I A$T e lic it *1 
• c a c i v o u i w a n * i d 
IN IM I I A M I ) * N I W 5 
CAU 3 2 3 - 1 AAA 

8 r I * I 

 l l . E C T * H i M L M 
M fS 
M t k 
INIk ww w 
B M 
^P8p ^ & k P 2 p 
A l i n e s 
$ 

I O days 

NON COMMERCIAL! 
CANCELLABLE 
WITHOUT 
RATE CHANGE 

2 
2 
5 
- 1 
6 
6 
6 
J B A R V R 
I W 
W 
W 
QUICK RESULTS! 

FIRST OFFERING 

A rara fwd ta OAK Him far $76,9oo. Split Ural featuring 4 bedrooms, 3 baths, separate formal dining room and living room. Family room with fira-iace over looks heated pool and enough space to put in your own tennis court, As if this is not enough there is a 
23x15 ft. playroom to compliment this luxury family home dose to the 
Medical Complex. 

828-6343, eves 655-4791 

TAKI TOUB CHOICE! 
OSK HIOS TERRACE 4 bedroom. I bortn, formal living room VAULTED 
DEN. firapkxe, covered patio— more' 14S.5oo 
(o1oNIFS NORTH Booth tty Ie. ceder end brit lr, 4 ?- 2, 2 living Orem, huge patio for bbq* M ’ ,8oo 
SHtNANOOSH Wim and shot# dub dote Master with dressing a mo. 3 more bedrooms. Hug* family room, f IRfPUCt $43,9oo 
HIDDEN CREEX iarqe S BEDROOM 
(DIONISI, open fnmify loom, fireplace, built int galore1 On lovely terraced lot $79,ta i 
HERITAGE FARM. Very neat 3 2, dou 
We grogs COUNTRY KITCHEN, sliding doors to polio Good buy* $79,8oo. 
6 9 o - 9 8 o 1 

G R E A T f A M E R I C A 
JR K A L T O H H 
| 

BREATHTAKING 
VIEW lovely 2 bedroom, 7 both con­ dominium near Medical Center 
Custom drapes and rorpet, equipped kitchen, washer and dryer $31,SOO Niter. ASA TSAO 
NAYLOR REALTY 
GALLERY OF HOMES 
656-SS2o 691 1121 
341 919) 

HOLLYWOOD RAM 
This tri level is designed with style and imagination on kjrqe lot with trees 4 bedrooms, J baths, cover od botony ond patio for wonderful indoor cmd outdoor flexibility 
Over 79oo sq ft of bendsome living Kites OSS M71 
THIO OK RAYING RENT? 
This 3 bedroom, 7 both patio home in Babcock North is o good starter 
With double carport nod side yord for storing recreationol equipment 
Terms ore open for your ton venience 
Immedmte possession. 
Coll r n " 
Do you need a 3 bedroom home that has o separate dining room, single living aren? A Corning mo*top range, dishwasher, eating atta in the kitchen’ A fenced yotd’ 
Covered patio’ 
Double garage’ Good terms’ Alt this con tse yours in Forrest Glen. Call for appointment 
CAU 824-o1 TI ANYTIME 

AIL BRICK 
$3o,95o 
6 New 3 bedroom, 7 full baths, fully 
I > carpeted home. deep set windows 
I r surrounds dining room, bos 
I , fireplace, deluxe buiH in ap 
I , plwnces, 7 cor garage and wood 
I . ed lot Inside 41o. convenient to 
■, new Northwest Moll and Holmes 
, 
High School VA or Conventional 
. ’ 3 pions open I A. Call M I 3o77 r 
DORSEY REALTY 

> 
AKTER 6 
659-142o 

V a m m m w m m m m w m a * 

O B IN S U N D A Y 2 T O 5 
339 KILLARNEY 
Custom built, 3 bedroom, 2 both, living dining combination family room with corner fireploce, built in Kitchen, inside utility room. 2 cor garage 
459 E. VESTAL 
3 bedrooms, with large family room, 7 baths fenced yard EHA or 
VA Terms available 
532-5245 

{Beanie Owens 
Rf Al ICWS-ANS 
S. last Oft 

SBO 

 aped. both 

STILL LOOKING? 
• Maw |n>s Mama, on X<r- a«ffa a Ov»uiUiu*.l..g Vlaw. e w W M UM* tor eeivec r e e CHom, Nairn Co— u’ M ai 
(hwtuding Mow Orauntat*) 
• law To,os Make r a y Our- 
<Ho*a trnm 

• is s M h x r * 
- * c~ 

Swinney Co. 
••V 
♦ 92 -1 6 7 2 
6 3 8 - o 2 9 o 
6 7 3 -1 4 o 1 

FAMILY DELIGHT 

Describes this forest Oaks home, with illuminated fireplace in den, 4 bedrooms, 2 baths, electric kitchen, 
Saltillo tile entry, cathedral ceilings 
Triced right1 
BOB MCGINNIS 
REALTORS 
349-1121 

13-9-1. Nice clean home on aulet street. Central air $23,95o 

U rin e room, family room, central air, all electric kitchen, covered patio, sjj.esd 

Back yard large enough (or pool and g ard en. P r iv a c y fence around patio Central air, electric kitchen 574.LTS 

4 7-t, e le c tric kitchen r ivoc v lence, central air $76. *5o 

C e n t u r y 21 
W H IT E H EA D H O LLID A Y 
■Att o3oo______________ R EA LT O R S 

Oak Glen Park-Lovely 
Luxury, prestige home, excellent ores, 1-7-7 with separate living room and dining room Fireplace, vaulted ce ilin g s, q u ality con stvuctton. Over Tcmo sa It Heated pool 
N EISD 
Schools 
M ITES 
651-4119 
Bort Ii loop inc. 
R E ALTON S-MLS_________979 S616 

 o a k H i l l s t e r r a c e 
CHAMM CO M FO RT - V A LU E 
N EA R M ED IC A L C E N T ER 
541$ Charlie Chan Spacious 472, big family roam Form al livina- dining. Quick 
Possession. Low 
VK) $ 
714-oo15, 694-o417. 496oo11 
Beulah Mo* Keller. Realtor 

• OAK HILLS • 
Unique, trt-l«vel. 4 beroom. 7’ i bath, carpeted, lots of storage. forge tot. northside schools. In the 
16o'$. 
C H A M BER LA IN P R O P E R T IE S 
‘ 
714-5144, Nile wk end 144 981o 
OAK H O LLO W E S T A T E S .Im maculate J bedroom. J bath home with fireplace und wet bar in en tertoming area unique patio1 
$45,5oo 
R EA LT O R S 
4*47771 
Guy Chipman Co 

OAK VILLAGE NORTH 
Soonish »ty»e I bedroom. 7'; bath 
7 fireplaces on large I acre let b eau tiful su rro u n d in g s. Low taxes 4941541 
D ALE R IL E Y R E A L EST A T E 

KEY GROUP 
O F F HUNT LA N E J L i t, cen trot heoi-qir, covered patio, woier softener, range, refrig erato r 
Nothing down VA $71,ooo or best offer Choiies Worts Real E stole 
717 791o. 712 $155, 22o *'o4 
O F F VA N C E JA C K S O N l Beau tiful name to show New drapes shades, carpets included 4 Be drowns. 7' • beths, paneled family roam. fireplace Spacious living format dining Designer gourmet kitchen 2$' X l f gam e roam 
$75,ooo o24 o111 A N YTIM E 

ROSOW 6 KLINE 
REA LTO RS $o Years et TRUST 

O N LY 2 LIFT 

Must see this beautiful londs<o| 
I living oreo, 4 bedroom, 2 home lo believe located in pfesttgious OM CHIV on extra large wooded lot 
This home features wall to wall carpeting. 
Magic Chef all electric kitchen, energy saving package, electric aerage dew, handcrafted wood burning fireplace plus mony other extras 

1615 COPPfRflHD RD. 
ONLY $48,5oo 
Coll mm today 
Jim Passel! 
684-3112 

P E I S E R 

W O O D S Of S H A V A N O 
„ 
, ^ 
„ 
Exterior to nature, rock with 1 I 
» i S L j ^ J W G don't wolt. 

BOB B IL L A R EA L EST A T E 
534-88o9 
111 1448 
111-1764 u v M M'eWfeS YOU I n W Y . 
Nice 7 bedroom home, re-decor­ ated. fenced yord. bus. schools, stores near bv. only $1o,25o, in 
Denver Heights Aren 
A LLST A TE R EA LT O R S 
413 329$ 

 bedroom. 7 morbied baths. living room, dining room and tomilv room with F ire p la c e B u ilt in stereo speakers, small kennel, too many extras to list. $55,ooo. Call for Details, 341 2222 Anytime. 
Century 21 

PROUDLY WE RAVE 
About our newest listing 7 be- droom, 2 bath, separate dining room, o'der home in very good condition Lots of extras 
Ruby Wright 344 2341. 34? 5847 
BOB JO N ES. R EA LT O R S 
KEY GROUP 

PSSSTT 
GOTTA MINUTE? 
Comr toke a look of this 2 story 
Colonial c h a rm e r in popular 
Northwest area A?-? with family room, huge covered polio, and on ooh tree that's at least >oo years old AH on a comer tot $41,*oo 
C e n t u r y 21 
Schneider Realty 
69* 72oo 
R A N IN B O W M IL L S . 2 sto ry, 
62'6-t Owners carry with SIooo down. $289 mo 
J A J R EA L T Y 674 9883 Anytime 

 s u m m e r HU L 
Rock n Cedar garden home with 1oo% privacy fencing I Living room with fire place, wet bor 
Form al dining room. 4 bedrooms. V'l baths plus a bonus room 27x15! Covered pa 
Hoi A spacious, Contem porary home In a beautiful, new area. 
S75,ooo 
R EA LT O R S 
494-7771 

Guy Chipman Co 

SUMMERHILL 
Two new garden homes, 3 be drooms. 7 baths, fireplace. Saltillo tile Murry! Select your colors! 
Century 21 
Stevens Rhode k/8 5544 
SW IM M IN G POOL 
BU Y NOW for summer fun at a 
I pre season sole price J ?, im j mot arte We lose, you gain. Bob 
I cork North, $34,*oo 
Century 21 
W H IT EH EA D H O LLID A Y 

R A Y 
T E A L , 
E A L T O R S 

? H H B I)S K SOUTHEAST 

HIGHLANDS 
Custom built overlooking the city. 
3 spar iou" bedrooms, 2 all hie baths, forma) and informal dining room with cornet fireplace Shog carpet, central air and heot Too mony features to mention Coll todoy 
532-5245 
L I I BA 18 niter 

 r n 
H u m u s 
CO. WAITON* 

% AC L CENTRAL 
3-1-2, big trees, fenced extra lot nos septic, uiil. 
829 o665 
736 1766 
534 443* 
WATSON A SON R EA LT O R S 
AU Brick, corner lot, 3 2-2. living room, dining room, family room, breakfast area 
LEO N ARD . R EA LT O R S 
331-o64o 
661-1172 

N EA R R IG S B Y Pretty as a 
Picture Vacunt, lust waiting tor new owner. 2 spacious be­ drooms, garage, tree shaded yard. VA.EHA 

ERA 
532-31o7 
JACK MITCHELL 
R e a lto r 
673 TOTS 

S a n A n t o n i o E X P R E S S - N E W S — 
S u n J a y F e b r u a r y 2o f £77 
P a g e 15- C 
«... .n-T".— - 1 
"....................... . 
... ... T-—- 
■« — I.......—-raw 
X 
..... 
- .......... SP - 
| 

16 YEAR OLD teenage home within walking distance to shopping center 
3 bedroom, ? hath, garage, range, refrigerator, dishwasher, oil. c Olpe ting, fenced ill for only 
SI 8,ooo It will toke another Ii yeocs to find onothei buy like this one Colt now* 

BOB MCGINNIS 
REALTORS 
673-o151 

22S SUBURBAN PROPERTY 
SORT PROPERTIES 
RESORT PROPERTIES 
228 BESORT PROPERTIES 

ADAMS MIU located on quiet cut de loc Mint conddvm. 3 bedroom, ? hath, plush carpeted, oH appl. enclosed patio, pnvoiy fenced low pay ments of $191 en } % note with 

• ^ I B ifc w n 
No dosing, immediate move in 
Vi Roik to lock lend lovely 3 bedroom home on tora# sboded lot OKU $16,ooo 

R E A L T O R S 
6 7 4 - 3 5 3 2 
H O D S D O N A A S S O C . 

REDUCED PRICE! 
On this big fomily parodist. 5 be­ drooms, 2 baths For only $11,5oo! 
Formal dining, central n. et and air. covered patio and a fenced yard 641-1272. rates 4$*njjj. 
B IL L SO UTH ERN R EA LTO R 

SAFETY FIRtST tor your family when you live on 
Mustqnq C irc le in H ollyw ood 
Fork With no thru traffic A plus when you live rn this spormos J bedroom. 2 bath and den home with fireplace Covered patio and etc Call to see eau 149 1416 Anytime 

BASSE WEILBACHER 
INC. R EA LT O R S 
_ 
SAVE B l FONT LISTIN G 
Bv O W N ER im m aculate J 7 2, large living area. and Braun SIU lion west fenced, beautiful yord. with l l oak frees Lew equity, oavments. $2*7 Coil 644 o442 offer 
4 

6*1 o IOO 
R EA LT O R S 

’ Seiling Like Hotcakes'’ it seems uke we con I keep o list mg mgie than a week rn Shenan dooh. especially like this I be- droom. 2 barn home Large fomily roam a price in low lo s inc iud eds alt dr oar ms 
B E T T E R H U R R Y '! 
149 ISIS or 14* S ill, anytime 

Beanie Owens Co 
R EA LTO RS Lockett Selmo Ole 

SEM EN T IT Y ABO UNDS th* old world charm of pegged oak Moors combined with modern coneen ranees making this S I' ■> J a very 
Sbecial home Quarters ond many extros tor 
$5* 5oo 
4*4 5221 
(A N YTIM E I 

THE AURA OF SUC CESS 
This lovely home rn Lourci Mills will be a true reflection of your lifestyle. Stu nning red b rick 
French Chateau with large ter raio entry for welcoming your guests, formal living ond dining. 5 spocious bedroom s (m a s te r down), upstairs bonus room for office or ptovhme Huge fam ily room with fireplace, screened po fro. great big closets, intercom and self cleaning oven Large kit chen with cabinet space galore 
$69,ooo 
6**1111 
R EA LT O R S 
J4154J1 

RED CARPET 

THE CENTERFOLD 
Of Better Homes ond Gordn'S All stone home with I bedroom*, ond I lull baths, large ballroom sited 
| living w in beam ed cath ed ral 
I ceilings and m assive rock tire 
I olace Corner lot. $34,$oo 
5ANDI5oN R E A L T Y 
6** *2o1 
| TMFY L E F T THE T R E E S when 
I they built this new home! A 3 be 
! droom C o n tem p o rary, w ith a fireplace ond wet bar in me open 
I living area, overlooked bv 
O 
I study loft 
Si* VUU 
R EA LT O R S 
4*6*911 

Guy Chipman Co 

! T H U N D E R B IR D V IL L A G E . By i ow ner. W alk in g d istan ce to 
I schools, ond future moll 4-2 1 
I tor ge kitch en , dining a re a . 
I covered patio ond beautiful yard 
Low eguity and assume 7% loon 
I P a ym e n t 9214 or re fin a n c e 
I 576.5oo Atter 5 pm 6JS716* 

THEES AND SHADE and Monkey Grass and Lots of space tor flo w e rs * I I T ru ly 
'exceptional 4 bedroom home in 
• beautiful OAK G LE N PA RK Out 
Standm q a m e n itie s ' $92,5oo 
I Please roll! 
14144V! 
Niles 694 4154. 142 oo67 
G EO RG E FLOOD. R EA LT O R S 
TR. L E V E L with I bedrooms, ?' i beths 
C a th e d ra l ce ilin g s, fireplace, privacy fence, carpel ling and appliances New condi 
I lion 
Low equity and assume 
FMA 

No down payment to anvohe 34 
Bedroom. 2 baths, some with air ond all appliances First payment in April 
BOB DePAOLO 
512 5251________________R EA LTO R 
COZY 
Here is a neat I bedroom, ? both home with Teios sired den, near 
Pecan Vui'ey Golf Course, com nletely paneled A good buy at 
$19,5oo Open terms 
Century 21 
W H IT EH EA D HO LID AY 
3417115 
R EA LT O R S 

Custom Built All Brick 
Beautiful spacious 3 bedroom. 2 bath. 7 garaqe all modern home. 
AH built in kitchen, large fomily room with fireplace, separate (iv- mg area 
Assume low equity, 
674-1445 

REAL ESTATE WORLD 

-------- p-R c V m W y . -------- 
Perron Stone I bedroom In High land H ills w ith lo v e ly carp e t thruout See this energy saving beauty today. 
Coll 
Jim 
Niles 
337-4923 
22x15 F A M IL Y ROOM plus 3 bedrooms, fam ily living, attached garage, built ins and carpet makes this Highland Hills home a bargain at 92o.5oo No down VA or trade. C all John 
Niles 9216185 
N EA R HIGH LAN D S High School 
Immaculate J 7-2 with formul bv mg and veoorqte fam ily room, burqior bars, all appliances, cen trot heot-air ond low $35,ooo price. 
Easy terms or trode Colt J C. nltes 317 4*4* 
Days 9AM 8PM Coll 532 1257 
Century 21 
W A K E F IE L D R EA LT O R S 
2o8 Shelburn, i i i home, $144oo. 
649-131oLO R IP P S R L TY 649-o449 
2o8 5'belLfU rn, J-l-1 home, $14,8oo. 
448 W o L G R IP P S RL TY. 649-o449 

YARD WORK BLUES? 
(romped for spot*’ (heck this before you buy anywhere 
3 bedroom, 216 bom, ? air carport, forge Ilyina room. 2 story, 16oo sq ft townhouse in pieshgeout 
Montage farm tow assumption (all before it s too lot** 

BOB MCGINNIS 
REALTORS 
,6 7 3 -o 1 5 1 

LA C KLA N D K E L L Y A R E A Im maculate 4 bedroom home, car­ peting. drapes, appliances, has 2 full buttss, double car gar ape, and 
Much, Much M ore' Equity and assume Asking $13,ooo 674 5411 

RED CARPET 
Lackland. Kelly area, 4 7 2. cen trot air-heat, fenced corner, car net. dishwasher, V A, f'V lo o n , 
'ow equity, $18* mo 6/4 1265 

STOP LOOKING 
Pecan Valley area Large 4 be- {value of STO,SOO droom, 2 bath, beautiful treed lot. 
New on market, ond won't last long Niles 6S3-$7o7 

LACKLAND MEDINA 

WILFORD HALL 
Clean, carpeted 4 bderoom, cen- frat heat and air, range, dish wastier, garage. Quick move in 2 bfks. to Mom No credit needed. 
Assume 7% VA loan Dynamite 

GENCY HOMES. TOC.’ 
8 

PRESENTS! 
A 
THE FAMILY HOME I 

Everybody in the family will enjoy this new, spot'oui native A rock home on I acre of oaks This I 
3 bedroom, 2 both, double car I garage bos it AU' from th* T highest sloping ceilings, skylight 
* od fomily room with ftcepioc* ond rn wetbnt, separate activity loom for I th# children or on office for the I boss. beautiful dining orea, ond separate breokfost area, masts! A bedroom has sitting areg that I opens onto the deck, plus master I bath with his and hers separate I features, all prepared kitchen, In 
A 
•eream ond MANY LOTUS! 

OTHER NEW HOMES I 

AVAILABLE... 

Out Son Pedro go IO miles post I 
1654, hun nghl cm FM 1863, go I approximately 
2'A miles to J 
Smithson Volley Rood. turn left, . ond th*n follow the signs 
I 

341-7o57 
I 
W.F. LACKEY 
ASSOC. 

I 
A 
W .F 

L i 

Century 21 
HAP R E S E R 653619? Anytime 

THE BEST DEAL 

CENTURY 21 
Ketly^Lockland Realty 
674-1711 

LACKLAND TERRACE 
{Spacious 4 bedroom. l ’g bath, dining room, fam ily room with 
{fireplace ond bor. double carport with plenty af storage immediate 
| is on this beautiful J bedroom. 2 {occupancy $76,ooo on new VA bath home You can't buy arte ilk* it for less and we ll prove if. 

BOB B IL L A R E A L EST A T E 
S)4HHo* 
333 MSB 
133 I 764 

I m HOUSES SOUTHWEST 
Aa a i c o r n e r 

SUBURBAN SITES 
(HINA GlOVf I S acres greet foi a homesite Forholty fenced, trees, excellent frontage on paved rood 
Utilities in oieo 
Need septic 
Mid ISO's 
TIM BIR OAK (STATES liees, hills ond open spores 
Approx 
I 3 ocres 5 miles north of T 6o4 on 
I Ionia Deep well, holdma look A pump 
............. $12,SOO 
Btitvf RDI til ATIS - Beautiful budding site 7 woaded acies 
Hilltop view 
I /JOO 
Blit Vt IDt HtliS - 2 woaded lots one ideal for o split level local ed on hilltop offering panoramic view of countryside 
SA.ooo t $7 OOO 
SMflOOM RAUTH - I SO .4oo building sit*, (amal 
(ounty 
............... 
$ $,9oo 
Ut Al Iii LAKE — S miles west of 
Moitd* M b rn lur net County 
$ 1,7oo 
4 9 4 -7 6 5 1 A N Y T IM ! 

BUILDER’S 
LIQUIDATION 
SAVE! SAVE! SAVE! 

9 LUXURIOUS RESORT CONDOMINIUMS 
OVERLOOK VILLA WEST— BLDG. “ A ” 

LOCATED AT LAKE TRAVIS WORLD OF RESORTS . . . JUST 
37 MILES WEST OF AUSTIN IN THI CENTRAL TEXAS HILL 
AND LAKE COUNTRY! 
BUILDER’S LOSS IS YOUR GAIN 
ALL WILL BE SOLDI! 
HERE ARE 2 EXAMPLES OF THE FANTASTIC SAVINGS: 

A I BR. I BATH 775 SO. FT. UNIT.................. $2o,9oo.oo 

A 2 BR, 2 BATH 15o9 SO. FT. UNIT................$36,ooo.oo 

OVERLOOK VILLA WIST is styled in white stucco accented by wrought 
Iron ond native stone. The setting is the very best of control Texas* famous Mighlcikes . . . Lobo Trawls World of Resorts . . . offering these owner priwilegesi golf courses, tennis courts, country clubs, morina, pools, paries, lake, airstrip, beautiful modern schools and convenient shopping. 

Overlook Villa West condominiums feature central heat and air, decorotor carpeting and draperies and deluxe kitchens with refrigerators, ranges, ovens, dishwashers and disposals. Outside, paved ond covered two car off-stroet parking ond tastefully landscaped grounds are provided. PLUS . . . all 2 bedroom units have fireplaces, bonus rooms ond carpeted roof decks with scenic vlewsl 
9o% FINANCING AVAILABLE TO 
QUALIFIED PURCHASERS 

HURRY! 

WRITE OR CALL 
NRC HOME SALES • IO DAWN DRIVE 
LAGO VISTA, TEXAS 78641 

5 
1 
2 
/ 
2 
6 
7 
- 
1 
7 
4 
3 

ThTdroom sT? baths, control air Nothing down. 
$75o closing 
**6-/428WAYNE SLA TER #** Sit* 
A "b f5 ? i r Fb-Bb"S~ I bedrooms, fenced, carpets, no down. $2oo dosing 
696 747oWAYNE SLAT E R 344-o*16 t'T S f 'B'E S "with 41/' frontage on 

Century 21 
{Notional Real Estate 
*74 4411 
I---------( ar g o En----------- 
{but low price Immaculate 3 be 
{droom home, stove, retrig, laige fenced yard VA no down, no closing costs 
B RIG H AM R E A L T Y 47V14o1 
Larg e livin g dining 

C U T E 'N ' C O Z Y 
Is this well-kept home in Highland 
Hills with 7 nice site bedrooms ond hie both Hos eof in kitchen and large co m fo rtab le livin room Double detached goroge with good work area and a large lot tor youngsters A good buy at 
$17,25o 824 o171 

RID CARPET 
R EA LTO RS 

D E L IC H EST A R E A Beautiful 
I 2 2. heat air, carpel, covered polio, brick construction FMA appraised al $29,15o. See today 
SOUTH FAST REALTY 
313 4144 
Niles *56 2787 
Cetic rest new Home, b r Mb I J J, fireplace, central heat air. Terms avail 
LEO N A RD . R EA LT O R S 
J U o*4o 
641 132? 

FM 16o4 near Potranco Rd. In vestment potential 2 Bedrooms. I both, IO year old house. Dose tank, wall with pump and tank, septic tank. Good barbed w ire 
(•nee 
$71,7oo 
Call 
342-1211 
A N YTIM E. 

 i M W 
H J W 

ADAMS HILL 
Beautifully kept 4 bedroom. 2 both 
I home, air, carpeted thruout. all appliances, garage converted to den, upper $7o$ *74.1445 
HEAL ESTATE WORLD 

ooLLHoUSE 
D A R L IN G 2 bedroom, In mint condition, close to M cC reless 
Priced tow, terms open 
694 64*4 
Niles 6944)11$ 

TERRILL REALTY 
R EA LTO RS 
M LS 
BEW D T V n6k>fe------ 
With furniture owner finance 
51} IOO* R .'Spondee Rlty 456 5667 l47'~g lL ^ Y V ~!'n ' HiQlil ond Hills 
I I CF Equity and assume tt$5 
I mo Will ' insider second Men tor putt Goodwin, 924 371$; leonard 
Redly, 714-67$* 
------ HIGHLAN D Alts1 A------ 
NO DOWN TO A N Y O N E 1, 94* 
B A IL E Y . N IC E 2 B E D R O O M 

ADAMS HILL 
Lovely 12 2, carpeted, kitchen 
(•Quipped, tomity room Fast pas session 
A p p ra isa l o rd e re d . 
Owner anxious Call right now! 
6/S285o 

Beanie Owens Co 
R EA LTO RS-!. West Ole 
A F J W f K T Ig ' B'B A L : l l * clos mg. no down for c le a n J b e­ drooms. *i$* mo. 
6V6 M C W A Y N E S L A T E R 144 o*16 
4 75'V A iS U U K ? 4 >5%----- 
I Bedroom. Bath. Rongt. Carpet, 
Fence. Carport. Buy Equity or 
Refinance (a ll 
T EX V ET R E A L T Y 415 494o 

2-1. Larg e livin g dining Hear schools IA F B. K A FB 317 3896 
Aa u sF Sell, by owner. V alley Hi oreo l-l-l, with centro! oir-heot. tufty carpeted, large patio, nice fenced yard, other extros $t*,$oo 
525oo equity or best offer Assume low payments 67*446* ffl X fif H A b ( A N b A L E ~lllo V i 
SCHOOL. Nice J bedroom, sopor ate dining, la rg e kitchen, de la th e d g a ra g e . V A SIS.OOO 
*21-4177. *74-1*2? 

R o n a ld W illia m s o n 
'.nS’lk iU i n5 1116'VfT mo 
{P R O B L E M ! No down payment lo anyone, 1-4 bedrooms. I baths 
Some with otr ond all appliances. 
Payments less than rent! 
BO B DePAOLO 
$!?$?$! 
R EA LT O R 

 n S c r F d it n o 
£ a sh " n 6 
P R O B L E M ! 
Ne down payment to anyone 1-4 bedroom, 7 baths, some with air and appliances, paym ents less than rent 
BO B DePAOLO 
$12-$2)f 
R EA LTO R 
NffT z v u g f a u u u r r r a A v . l l CP, corner, central air. 12oo down, SISO mo 
J B 
J R E A LTY 676-o9o1 Anytime 

7?8 SUBURBAN PROPIRTY 

GOOD BUILDING SKIS 
ON THE GUADALUPE 
ARE HARD TO FIND 

We boyo Severn I, goth with 

 a High ateo for building 

 ond each with a gentle 

 slope to n m . 
From 

$14,ooo 
8%, 
12 yoor 

 financing available Highly 

 restricted 
Coll for 
Ap 

 pointment to see! 

NBG REAL ESTATE 

733-13o9 

DO YOU KNOW WHERE 
YOUR CHILDREN ARE? 
YOU CAN IN A SMALL TOWNI 

Older 2 bedroom rock home on I one, S3?, SOO 

New 3 bedroom, 2 both homes, convenient to schools, 
*39,SOO 

2 story colonial, 4 bedroom, 2 VY both, 165,ooo 

3 ond 4 bedroom homes on acreage, lovely views SSS,OOO ond up 

R.M . GEORGE REALTY 
242 $. Main, Boerne, Tx. 
249-3S45 

ASSUME PAYMENTS 
$l$? mo 1-1-tep, Near Lackland 
Kelly 5*5o equity, carpet and ap atlantes 
675 16*1, 
*74-1777, 
*21 577o 
PO IN T ER R EA L E S T A T I 

AVAILABLE NOW 
H O M E . 
P A Y M E N T S 
L IK E I This J bedroom, 2 both home in 

HED CA RPI I 
Twer View Inc 732 6157 

R E N T ! C A L L A L M E N O E / 
714 425$ HOME B U Y E R S R C CO 
R T g H L l R D W n ------ earner Howerton at Pecan Val ley I bedroom. I both, carport, fenced yard Reduced to $14,5o4 tor quick sell 
HOLCOMB R E A L T Y , $12 9*o2 

OLO BRICK HOME 
On nearly I ocres large rooms fireplace, ] cor gorag*. with tm 
'shed I room apartm ent, pool, 
Mora*# #r workshop building 
Beryl WOrgond 144 2141. 142 445* 
BO B JO N ES. R EA LT O R S 
KEY GROUP 

PATIO HOMES 
1-11 in Boo* ock North, handy to 
UTSA-USAA Energy savor, built in kitchen $39,45o VA FMA E n c 
Nagel *94$Jie. *»* 2212 
PROFESSIONAL REALTY 
PLA N TS N THINGS will bo happy on shuttered porch, 
2 J. CRUMB, big living room 
MAC R IA L ESTA T E 929 2171 

PREFERRED PROPERTIES 

COVBR $1o4 oo4) 

SHAVANO P A R K ' Firs! OM*ring 
•I this 4 month old beauty that I otters * bedrooms, I baths, the on# large living arco with beamed coilin g and g rotty fire p la c e 
Treatment is ideal for fomily tie mg or entertaining Batter than 
New witn yard in and dropes up 
$*$.ooo 126-o17) A N YTIM E 
ROSOW t KLIM 
R EA L T O R ! so W a rs pl TRUST 

~ SHAVANO PARK lorge, approx 22oo sa ft IOO". 
Austin Stone home on about J acres in this choree oreo 
Hill Country Rtailors 
4*4 52$t 

SMART BUYER? lf you or*, ond you're looking tor a I bedroom. ? both with o corner fireplace tor only SIJ.*o9, see this' Formal dining room. utility room, privacy fenced vord. on o cu ld e s a c if s N eat! *91 1272. rafts 4*2 1111 
BIL L SO UTH ERN R EA LTO R 
SPAN ISH 
JU ST R EO U C BO i Beautiful 3 be droom. 7 bath Single living area, fireploce. courtyard entry Move 
IE AC RES W ITH LA K E overlook 
Mg entire city Large welt mgm ln condition' $1*.$*o lamed older home pool. sonnets r e a l TOBI 
■ end out buRdmos N E Schools 
6*1 IMO 

S E C L U D E D CUSTOM CONTCM 
P O R AR Y in M arvm o n t area 
Oecks and patios surround gor­ geous trot form pool Versatile prat unique plan includes exercise room, loft. ond child! en s piayr tom 
Brochure avertable upon 
1 agues! 

2 ACRES W ITH G O LE CO URSE 
V IE W 
I bedrooms. J ’ , baths 
O utside dock Oft living and lormal dining rooms Cheerful gourmet kitchen breakfast area overlooks steno patio and garden 

CO LO NIAL E L E G A N C E 
$ Or 4 bedroom s plus q u arte rs 
Big country kitchen, gracious living and bonauet sn * dining room 
Boomed cora-oral ceiling in den 
Now over surd pool Exclusive 
Coslto Mibs E stoles 

BLU M E V IE W S captured from alm ost o vary room D esigner built and dccorotea * bedroom. study, tamer tom. pool, ond I Cdr dorado Stonewood Park 

CUSTOM SPANISH Clos* to Mod 
Conto* ond U TSA $ bedrooms 
MUS Study, to rex poet ond soonq love ly covered patio, sun deck ond rock patio on J trot studded lots 

U N D ER CONSTRUCTION 

H O L L Y W O O D PA R K Over 4ooo sa It rock contomgororv on lorgg cut do sac tot with room tor pool and tennis court 

E L M C R E E K indoor outdoor liv­ ing w ith g lass, w o o d , high ceiling*, I bedroom s and study 
Jenn Air conte/“m kitchen 
CALL BM $227 

Century 21 
E LA IN E LU D W IG A ASSOC 

SPICTACBUR VIEW 

BY O W N ER 
{ 
TOWNHOUSE D ESIG N 
2*oo SQ FT CUSTOM ER IC K 
, 
A l I, 2 O EC KS PLU S PATIO 
ALL L U X U R Y F E A T U R E S 
LOOP 41o AT BABCOCK RO 
R ED U C ED IO S94.5Ao j 
F L E X IB L E T ER M S 4*4 ?»7 
Spotless at) mosongrv VI-1, den. 
'electric kitchen carpels, drapes. fenced yard Under $4o OOO 
ALSO 4 bedrooms, study. 2 tilt troths shot carpeting throughout 
I Irs Sunshine Pork, near Wonder 
I rand Vacant. |)f,4dd 
I7H-/H7STS VE MAR TIN 731 a l i i soon SO PT Notive stone I be droom. 2 beth home on 8 peres 
Over im oak, pecan, and fruit 
[trees. doer, wild foul. includes stable ond out bwrtdmts $*1ooo terms avertable 691 o*o 

RED CARPET 

Stop Beme A School T ax i! 
This 2 bebloom, I both home is I 
[short blocks from Elem entary 
Sc naut ond what a hue' $21,59o includes stove ond refrigerator 
6* $111 or 14*-1$]$ Anytime 

Beanie Owens Go 
R EA LT O R S N Control Ole 
STUCCO Md D E R ICK ti r op loc « is lo col point Of wamuf paneled oven living areg of I bedroom heme 
Many, many ex lr os1 
SM,*44 
R EA LT O R S 
*** ABIT 

TRIPPY TRI LEVEL 
Locate d in b e au tifu l Sen eca 
Estates on large lot I bedrooms plus hobby room or office Very unique ftoorplgn 
Cull now, 
694-72oo 
C EN T U RY 71 Schneider Reqlty 
U F O U T T E R L Y FA N T A ST IC 
O F F E R IN G 4 bedroom. 2 both nome rn Hollywood Park , huge fireplace den. targe fenced lot. oak s tor the trge house $*4,5oo 

RED CARPET 
143 l i l t 
R E A L T O R ! 
4**1o59 

U N D ER SSO.OOO 
OE L U X E 
N E W 
H O M E S 
A V A IL A B L E - I Bed roo m s. 2 baths, tor a* den with fireplace, sitting reran in master bedroom 
Microwave oven 
1 Large Lot, Large Home 
Beau tiful eider home in pros bonus oreo. ) bedrooms. 2 baths, freshly pointed, new carpel. 7 bonus rooms. 
2 dens 
Below 
554 OOO 
HO LLYW O O D P A R K 
C vo cative type new homos avurtabt# I ond 4 bedrooms, bv mg room. dining room. and den with fireplaces 
1 > 
Acre, low taxes 
COMPASS R E A L T Y 

~WHISPERING OAKS" 
E X E C U T IV E HOME ' 
: Outstanding * bedroom. V t baths or I bedrooms ond study Luxury features include Reman tub. dual beet end air system end seven walk in ciosots All on g huge double lot, covered with Oaks! 
$*• VOO J42-4172, rales 4*2 1*5* 
B IL L SO UTH ERN R I At TOP 
W H ISPER IN G OAKS 
2454 Sa F t Traditional I story fomily home A large bedrooms 
I 1), $76,ooo Owner 4*2 *171 

H IG H L A N D H IL L S 
Eo$ t 
Central Schools A root bar­ gain P a ym e n ts tass than ren t S te this J bedroom , fenced yord VA or PHA 

ERA 
SI2 J1o7 
JACK MITCHELL 
Realtor 
473 1o11 

HIGHLAND HILLS 
{ 2 M , $175 mo Call now I 47$ 14*1, 
I A IV$72o. 474.177? 
PO IN T ER R EA L EST A T E h id U L A a g m r f i H r o c i i v . i bedroom, carpeted, large den. attached garage Call tor inter motion *21-4227. *24-1*6* 

Ronald Williamson 

HIGHLAND 3 OR 4 BDRM 
Brick trim, l*c<> soft carpel central, corner, trees. 6494*71 
1*29 o44$ 
714 1744 
714-4117 
BA TSO N A SON R EA LT O R S 

HIGHLAND PARK BARGAIN largo 2 bedroom, fam ily roan 

WHY WAIT tor tho summer rush if you den I want to move until Ju n * - you better to t this on* before tho 
; onces to ut I bedrooms, J baths 
Fam ily room has a cath ed ral 
(•stint Old burt! ms in lovely Fe rest Oaks Priced rn JO s 
4* H U or 34*1511 Anytime 

Beanie Owens Co 
R EA LT O R S N Central OK 
WING WOOD 
Over MOO sa It un I S acres $ bedrooms J baths plus turner gem 
Adlumin* acreage axon 
9*4. $94 
REA LTO R 
9*1 HOO j Century 21 
E LA IN E LU D W IG A ASSOC 
WOODLAWN T E R R A C E Sup*' sued rooms in thro aider J be droom. 2 both with I cor dawdled garage, targe ted throughout, bonus bedroom and both attached to aurae* modest equity and as­ sume 14) 4494. R EA LTO RS 

Lord# w parole living and diam# with firep lace, bld m odern kitchen with dishwasher, to roo ae trope sat Double detached (a r e t e . workshop and utilities Roberta 
I While S II ? u i, rates 111-9741 
BO B JO N ES. R EA LT O R S 

KEY GROUP 
H . g f l U B B Y l T k V o c i e u s 
12 2, formal dining room tomrty room, extra large tot Plus garage apartment Assume $241 per mo or lofuianace Will trad* 
BO E DePAOLO 
$1V$2$1 
R EA LT O R 
LAKFIIM i iT m ------- 
Be the lucky one and assume $219 toy rn with small equity on V I I beauty, 
Loaded! 
Sea today 
Hurry! 
' 129-454$ 
Priakos Rlty 
454-9*7$ n u L A j u r m m m 
. 
.groom*, living room, sunroom, kitchen with range and rtfnger# tor out tai pol* j 144 424$. 121-4491 
R O B E R T S R O H M ER R E A L T Y 
— n r n w FT W f C T B ------ 
Have buyers tor Highland Pork, lColtoge HolghU, High long* High 
Service 

Rain b ow H ills is re a d y tor I immediate occupancy Good area ond Northside Schools No city 
•axes Open terms Coll 471 $991 
AMY TIM! 

WORLD WIDE REALTY 
E A f K -w u 
A m i y . v a ap 
IX Dived at SI 1.49o with now roof, roo! race I bedroom on cui-de soc 
A good buy. call now. Owner anxious 
H U G H ES A BR ISC O E 
*74 4111 
R EA LT O R S 
*/Ho6*A 
^ B E L L A IR E , I tx ^room, I bath with control heot-oir on KOP plow 
No qualifying, pay low oaulty and 
1 move in 
H U G H ES 4 BR ISC O E 
724 4111 
R EA LT O R S 
475-94*4 r r g w N i " * " 'n r 'Adom* uni. men terms, low M s 671 7*o4 

Close to Lockland Kelly 
{I o cre. 24 pecan tre e s , 4 b e ­ droom*. fenced with many extras 
HO OOO Roberta White $13 T H I. rates MV 761 
BO E JO N ES, R EA L T O R S 

J 
M 
P 
COME AND SEE 
I Lovely J bedroom home with car patina, ronge, rofngoroter and fenced yord l<xo'«d in an area with easy access to bases, ex­ p re ssw ay and sch eols 
Lew monthly payments For viewing, colt 67V$9*1 A N Y TIM E 
WORLDWIDE REALTY 
I I T T T * ran **, frit, carpet o"<) fenced yord Equity ond a$$ume 

OFF FIVE PALMS 
Nothing down on this V I' i t, *11o month 
Soil to anyone *?VI4*1, 
471-ItOO 
PO IN T ER R E A L EST A T E 
O Ff /or/omoia lik e new! i i i, 
IMO en closing $14 *5o 
*19-4545 
Puako* Rlty 
4$4-9*2$ 
O T IV 414,166--------- 
Near Lackland, cute I bedroom 
(same with sow* and refrlg Quick move in. 
BRIG H A M R E A L T Y 47V14oI p a [ ’6 "A LV 6 Lovely1 I I \ : \ M total down closing $12,75o 
92* 4545 
Priokes Rlty 
6$«to*75 

RAINBOW HILLS immorutgte I bedroom, 7 bath, dining room, large (amity room, doubt'* garage Over 154o sa ft at living area New VA or assume with gay ments of * 1*4 
Century 21 
Notional Real E stoic 
674 4411 

RAINBOW HILLS lo ve ly I bedroom, I bath home with large family room Kitchen has stove ond refrigerator Nice yord with fruit frogs and large 
Shod# lr*** Near Lockland and 
Kelly *17,1oo For viewing, call 
47VSo91 A N Y TIM E 
WORLD WIDE REALTY 
R g g g ' e n , In M,o«low"3))loe« 
Rang*, go I bab* disposal carpal mg. control air heot, potto and fenced yard Large corner lo! 
Si*.SOO 47V i l l i 

BED CARPET 
SPI<!!feW6 6 b 5 7 I centro! heot air, iange, covered patio i n * mo 7% interest, til.SOO or best offer Chorio* Watts Roo! Estate 
711 2*11. 7)2 $1$$. 2)9*1o4 
--------- W i l i l y hi--------- 
Lovely I I 'a-1. 5275 mo 4ZVI4*1. 
I 476 I7T7. 423 $77o 
PO IN T ER R E A L EST A T E 
11 J. wail situated on corner lot in 
Volley Forest Area Gordon kit 
Chon overlooks spocious fenced yard A F captain must soil now duo to quick PCS. will accept any j roo solo tx* offer around 111 ooi. 
Coil now. goos to Agent 1st of 
; March 475-9949 
I 
R i C n i l I t o T R v o H I--- 
INO OOW N P A Y M E N T . 2 4 bt droom s. som e with e x tra s 
*11 6381 *21 94*1 Mike Austin 

NEW COUNTRY HOME hew (int am 
13 ai re* af large hee), 18oo sq ft of ItvN urea. pfut large double attach* th electro 

 designed home on ton/ covered with ram tied living wrtn loige panel family loom with bmk face SII tong* and dishwasher J us, 2 complete both) 
Shog cai pet thro out Centro) on ond hoot located lust west of rteasonfoo City limits on paved strath, city wa)#' 
FEKIO SAO .OOO 
KA V U U * B U I (VT A TI 
•r TAI 4 PindwU U 

 room ond drama separate entry hail 
#o tamely loom firepioc# AU electra lcifrhen with bunt in n 

T e le p h o n e ion Airt onto 
AIA 21 l l 
7baumier 
$99 2*27 
$99 2447 
$99 2o34 

' 
OUTSTANDING 
INVESTMENT 
PROPERTY louden) (aunty, 4$ nwnut*) from 
Son Antonio, north erect benic ol beautiful Medina lake bl acres, ap pioitmatoty HOO ft toke frontage 
A commanding po nor am* view of the toke raid surrounding tolls from any point along th* Muff Im#, Heal lei homesite development (od for more about lh* possibilities of tho beautiful ptopei’Y 

BOB MCGINNIS 
REALTORS 
V 349-1121 

ALMOST AN ACRE 
Hill Country Mobile Home sit*. IS min North on Son Pedro Only 
$?fo9, HOO down, S II.4 6 per month , al I *t tor 144 months 
This ana wont lust long Coll toddy 1 4*4 141* . L A K E C R O F T 
R EA L ESTA T E 
A uoroiim oieiy) OC'** Booutiiui tocahon tor dovufopomonl Fine homes in mature $ubu> bon areel 
MAC R E A L EST A T E 929 2521 

A WHOLE MOUNTAIN 
A spectacular view, obstructed univ by large oaks Gordon soil, fenced, good wail, over 7 acres 
Owner will finance Robert Smith, 
4*9 7o*1 or 4*4-477? 
S I TJB g E A A R IA thole* H o e r * lot in E an d o ro R t v t r R an ch development All utilities, leady for building, river ti anlage a c ­ cess Pool and Iannis O w nar 
Gerry Porker 734 1*o* 494 o194 

?7S SUBURBAN PROPERTY 

E V O W N ER 17oo sa I* V I 2 on 
P i Oak Studded A cres. F ir e place. < nve red pa ha. fenced yard. shed Living den cam b. 15x7o 75 min to US A A Pleasant Valley 
E stales, 4 mi K ut Boer no ( l l? ) 
136 71*7 
K V 6 W k iif i.' w g f i b b l b o r 
PA RK , 4 ocres rex nor property private water well. M Pflc tank, meter loop, smalt traitor. *5o9 down, S*5 47 month. 629-1414, ar 
*24 1147 
1 An Yr in I Ak i* 
V f e p 'B U 'P d lr od!** I Full tim* or retort hone with fantastic lake vlaw E a s v main tannic, e. all oonvontoaros 
Furnished Must See! $32,5oo Chil 
8249121 A N Y TIM E. 

W 
A 
H 
Cheat lAanh 18 Acres or more 
Hwy *o W. or Laredo Hwy. close in arou nd th# Loop. I 8. Ro- dripper 227-TEAS 

COUNTRY DREAM 
M in l r ancle w ith 
9 a c re s 
1-year old 2 bedroom . I butic home out Bandora Rd. and nose to Medina I ake In the 4o's Lull 
I tiow, AR4 HOO 
C6NTUMY ll Sc h w U lT V v o 'iv 

COUNTRY DREAM 
Beautiful 4 yr oici I story Colonial homo, on 4$ acres Ju st 29 nu 
South of S A 
$ bedroom s, t"chattel, large Hying area with bar, souarato dining mom. 4e<hi 
Sa FL at living area Large %t<>>» coom and bath with shower, git I carport. Fenced and sown with 
<collen bermuda I arg# bam un 1 dag kennels City water, pored in sett by owner C A LL o9471) fin appointment 

HANDYMAN S SPECIAL 

Uke 3 bedroom, I bath home, toigo living room. trod hats gotoi* ond mony kegs aob froes 
Only OM short Moth to ghouls, shopping ond bus to and from 
Son int OMO 114,ooo Melts 654 
/SM 

NAYLOR REALTY 

GALLERY OE HOMES 

MASSI*6o1 III! MI *1*1 

CANYON LAKE 
5 ACRI TRACTS 

 lobe tocibhec ond boot lamps new by Fonoionw views, mony large aob heot $18oo pot rat* and up VoN 1o% below market value Up to ll years to pay ol 
1% lor appointment Call 
497-3371 
I-899-2181 

 t n m w i V-rSTffii-gpunily’'l u r net County Door, quail provide fine hunting Beautiful live oak trees, some ocres in cultivation 
1 Can 
Burnet, 
$12 
756 27*1 or j 756 4151 

BANDERA 
I nu south of town. I ac on a HIU 
I ask mg. 92,4*i. w ill co n sid e r arter* 
Bill 
Hughes. 
Broker. 
1142 1441 f& baa virtu I acres, oak covered 
1 hilltop, only 24 miles north al 14o4 
Ion Hwy l i t 
Term s trode con- 
• tutored Jo t Cullman 
BO B JO N E !. R EA LT O R 
1394-2241 

BEAUTIFUL VIEW 
Oak free studded ocre, IO miles 
'n o rth of town 
Has w afer and electricity on wide paved roads 
O w ntr must soil quickly, little down w ill fin an ce botone* 
497 2711, aves. 111 *1$$ 

Foe RootCOUNTRY LJVING eof Estate In Euivtrdo. Cml 
Onley Broker San Antor 
Dial Dirge! 4*2-2411 A N Y TIM E 
BULVERDE AREA REALTY 
4*7 M il 
R EA LT O R 
1 4197447 c riiJH T R v i i m 
~<r>r-q7 ; ; n , 
Mauled land with nice rack bomi-, largo swim m ing pool, 4 m iles from c it* lim its , tor sola bv owner 7M 4IoJ 

I7ITA&E mSm lTTtYT— 
NIN of Son Antonio in B e x a r, 
Como!. Kendall Co s I IE ocros 
Or Mer* 

 r n 
IC 6, res .n XKK) Onlr v Must Scil 

 nnii w it h rn 
FRANCES LEVENSON 
UHR o M lln L U i i F i m a n y t i m e 
?ii4 »$ i 
4*9 144o 
B R O K E R 
4*912611 7o' r i T r ^ O l m ! ■ 
6 rreap* (roils snxoll down, small lum o on IH IO monthly, baoutttul oaks, nu rock C.4LI or rrdar Coll Magee 143 7516 

 i n m z 
T t r t t t t H7n>ir* 
Creek Hunch Low low down 
694 4211 or 75! *¥43 
RION E S H RF ALT Y 

4 Bedroom in fairoaks 
7645 PIM LIC O (LOT 4*) 
New luxury home hurt! on hillside 
OI a 5 or r* trod designed lo es p'ort lh* mogniticenl views ond cooling summer br eel** I err lur mg I bedi com* ) bothv gomer oom 7 stone fireplugs. 2nd story der Ss m aximum insulation 
7 system an heed sunken lob. wet bor, luny carpeted Plus member 
... ship in F a ir Oaks league* and east of Sun An i !wim Hob Home open dully tor 
Stl,OOO total in suer Hon Orly# OUI IH-tO lo 
■ M o T u m a n d 8 lo I lpm Leon springs exit, prorood on 
736 9417 
{access rood to C a m p i Stanley| 

^ ACRE mw h cauli tot oak lr aas. 4 milos from 
Bandera Rd and Loop 41o Bloc 
(netty, telephony No City taxes 
No mobiles BIM Esso* 141 $»4l 

2oo ACRES 
15 mi from Son Antonio, irngo lion walt. boaufiful homesite* 
J E R R Y 
BA C O N 
R E A L T O R 
*77 J i l l . 922-27)$, A ll i m 
^ ^ H 

[sign. turn right, go OTI i FA IRO A K S solos artic# 
DON SMTFH CO 
9 
B R O K E R 

OAK V IL L A G E NO RTH To p of hill, I pere cleared stew Ownar anxious, assume a p p r o x i A C R ES, hat boaufiful land, Praisctng Door Or Reduced 
$12,999 
SC EN IC LO O P, croaks, hills, an pro* 2 acres Make arter H U M 
G R E Y FO R E ST , 924$ acres, al tractive location, ex iced to soh 

Val Buna I k m c 
199 7171 
499-9944 
421 1747 
T O O M TH V H a H i TV---- 

I to Acres, beautiful worm home, surrounded bv I root 2 or 4 Be drooms, living oreo i f x Id with fireplace, covered patio 

Aloe I to acres with 4 bedroom. I both homo, tovoty dan with hr* place, wat bar 

C O U N T RY E S T A T E Rock home on I trot studded acres. 14 milos m' to Ii om 41o on Bandora 

T m 
; on 111 So l l Hit) per arr* 
{ limes *74 4444 , 42J 1*27 
TL K l i rnoor 168 ft i i i 

4*9 744o 
E R O K E a 
4*91912 r t T g y g y t s n r g n r l i g n i n na/.ty- i,mrts I I S " 
LtCBtod near 
Easy 
IM 
B o o m * 
B O E R N E 
R t A LTY 774 7171 
R A N C H 

HACRENW 
Close to UTSA . u s a A. M edical 
Cantor Paved streets, otoctricitv. I telephone. 

4*69424 

$-$ A C R E S N E A R 
G A N N E R S T A T E P A R K 
VMV rim .. .. hut 
8*oo" ,ul v*ow in Texas Hrtit 9127 I S ? rd . t a c t 
- - bawn paym ent, i l l }$ per mo monthly EiH eT m m *41 \*4? 
*“ 
. 
IS A cre s near Seguin with 

 homo. co ve re d p e rch , u tility 
{room , H u t* tu rn er fire p lace, 
[w indow soot, a u a r r y tile 
• mruace. oven end cook top built 
USU ll,mg cj.xo on I toto 91t,$od Owner (51119114*5? or <$l7)(il 4*l* 

Areas Protostwnat 
EDNA M ROSIN 
111*444 

L Y T L E Tired of city. so* this country charm er, I aer*. J bedrooms 7 baths, over 2999 sa ti of living ar aa B annonce, win trad* 

Century 21 
R R RANSOM R E A L T Y 671-7791 

DELUXE TOWNHQME 
Beautiful I$95 sort I bedroom. I' I bath lownhom* Hos 21x19 hying room and >♦* 13 master bedroom with a 8x1 dressing area. Atsa. 
•arg# kitchen with tots of counter spot* Attractive covered brick aa ho with gas barbeau* A lovely horn* with tots of room COH now. 
142-411$ 

WORLD WIDE REALTY f 8T r ~ r n T ~ T r v - ~,TO h t i : 
F-Ewvroam, Carpeted. Air. (autty and Tok* Up Payments *2* *147 

GREAT POTENTIAL 
U l m escoUant condition ideal for refired couple or newlyweds 
Priced in th* low $29 s Ceti tor qgfjpf 
G E N E W ILSON 
*$4 7441 
E E A L T O E 
M L* 

[RA 
S J I JIO / 
JACK MITCHEL] 
R pallor 
o73*o11 

• L ie k l ! 
NO DOWN TO A N Y O N E ! O F F 
I W M IL IT A R Y D B l l* E E E 
F E IO C K , i l l, C A E P O E T , OR 
7494 ANDRO S. I l l C A R PO R T 
PA YM N K T * L IK E R E N T ) CALL 
AL 
M E N D E Z 
714-425$ 
HOMS B YU YE RS R 9 CO 

MAKE OFFER 

A Y fT u t r o n f l C o guy chipman Co g 
H p 

 t i, met vord. cyclone tone* 
828-944$ 
I U 1/44 
$14 441* 
WATSON A SON R EA LT O R S 

IHI IX P * !!! M O S 
C4U 17$ 16o* 

 tot TMI »*vf«s» Risum 
ON * WANI 6o 
IMI NuMets IO (A it ll 12$ 1*66 
(K e rn s SND NI W I 

WILL TRAOE EQUITY 
I i i. pood schools, froes tor 
{ 
'ergo aider house ond acreage 
17 9944$ 
71* 1744 
475 9*2* 
WATSON A SON R E A IT O B S w 6 u m m a n 
ANO W ID O W S , you can bo a horn* owner ft you hoe* tho do 
Sir#, w* hove th* knowledge to help you buy Coli now 
H U G H ES 4 EEISC O E 
W A 1 J 1 B E A L T o E S 1 1 9 M M 

219 
W I K IS M il'll) 
_____ 

BIDI B ill HOMES 
New I bdrm , I bath homes 
I Bdrm , ) both homes 
WK B U U o ANV SIZE 
DODSON L E R 
424 2254 
■ n a m i i t o t f t M s n ty M k Y 
$ 1-9o9 tach One ll bdrm , ll kit chon, ll baths, 29xl74tl Motel bldg Moved 814,99o 424 2214 
- W T W 
; ffouus T/ IT t t o v e d 
621 14*9 
*22 4111 

 r n v m m m m y 

DEVINE REALTY 
D c v ln t. T tx o s 
I 49) A l i i 
U M f lC t UM 626 12oo 

OtVHm R A I TY 
o * Vina, T e x a s 
I 493 4$$! 

■M t t 
" 
Broker must soil Fabutous north 
I'M . 4 bedroom art rock house, on 
I tree studded acres Extras in elude, out building and horse facilities belter Hurry on this on* 
Of 978,599 brokers prefoctod 
John phtiggrt M I 4949 

6 ACRES 
ALL OR PA R T |?4* P itR ACRE 
Only min from bool ramp pf Can yen la b * Owner will finance at 
I S simple 
Biti Hughes. Broker. 
142 19o4 lf" Acre's o (‘$**5 ocre oft 291 ft J 
Pretty oaks, oxcallent hunting 
Jim Ashley Real Estate 694 4J>4 
U Tit 
W T l , 
B u lverde Rd 
Ju s t Id minutes tram Leo# 1494,1 woaded ocre* to bul") your boma, about 24 der** in posture. Cibolo Creek frontage boar gotor«i 
M i /lei, rates 
IAI o*4 

JOHN FLOURNOY INC 
14 aer** fcy Awner, caved road everiookinp Canyon take Leto of trois, near boat launch Wafer end eiectiicitv 19 men ham 1494 
Wirt divide and finance 4*4 2777 
: 

 i Acres. Canyon Lakt area. nollr int down. SA* 9* mo Jim Ashley 
Realty m in * 

41 Acres 
Covet Rood tost south of Medmu 
Bas* 
Running crook 
Has oil pi eduction, m inerals included 
Cart 
Bv* 
Arnold. 
715 459$ or 
22/419$ 

BIK BNJ l l AC RES. *Mh rich tort and per i A l K i t north of San Antonio, ' " “ "•'i* crook for fishing and 
' 
' Pecan 

I bagroom, I both brick home 
Streator#, barn and wort 454-2*79 

I5.V99. liberal (mooring by owner 
$144974 
T T rx s o il I if id lo s T 
Umv*r*ot 
651 31*4 I 

. 
_ 
Cypress. Oak an d froes 
C O U N T R Y H O M E Wilt! 

Century 21 
W H IT E H EA D H O LLID A Y 
*9141o9 
R EA L T O R S 
— ifgWMV gO U HYI V----- 
A CMS tom tuner el* block, 4 stall horse barn with auto waterers, J s tor ope areas, both pur king oral over It A C R ES of tora) goos with ffiis o v e r t lf t d 1 1 1 in Now 
Ataunto!* Cart tor mara detailst 
Priced at *41.oo# 
49* f i l l 
R E A L T O ES 
M I 5471 

RED CARPET iip rJa w R C r nyorTronf UT"” wooded on lit t le B ian co W 
Rosa 1-m47$l jttU U m V T B v Owner. J bedroom kitchen. I bath, Ilyina, tog utility 
4 b9 {room on f's acres Artic, can be 

City. good 

On FM 757 
14*4249 I 
SO ACRES 
* Faulty one 

 droom, fireplace tort* covered 
B*4roem 8 and tone) eg bo, stables en A's wooded ocros [R f* 1 1 «)»**«» 
■ 
■ 
I A C R E 2 B A C T pf oaks w ith 
-afer ond otoctrrtify, lust a mil* eft IM-IO 
Faulty and assumr 
Mf 65*4 
*94 1749 

CONNALLY lf I. A L E S T A T E IN C 
9 acres, pavecl cpu•! Jus! south of bv.or Co. $9,99o, Bert, 774 7174 
I JA i i l l f i Nip Medina on 
River. $1599 Aer* 51* 4/11 

1o,8 ACRES 

ED MERGELE CO 
R EA L TORS 
1o5 Sounders, Boe*no. Tx 
24* 1574. 
24* 7149. 
24*4144 
S A direct Im* 914*117 

BOERNE AREA 
J E E DROOM. I 11 bath horn* in a aural neighborhood, lust I y rt afd 92* QUO 

E.D. GOZA 

R E A L T O R *227-81 OS 
I l l M rosTt coni umblesr '* ^ 1 8 8 
649 3IMLG P iP P S RL TV 4*9 o441 H t i A cres E of lio n c o T "sm oll house, good tup soil, mc* lives 
Jim Ashley Real » slut* *94 477* 

S. 3 ACRES 
HIU COUNTRY VIEW 
Non.her wants to sert near Twin 
Sisters. S H IE with owner hngn. ma 
M.ft.8. 
R E A L 
E ST A T E. 
.m - IIIA . 
________ 

_ „ 
, ____ 
.S E C L U D E D 4 2 1 Kanch Stylo 
Situated in lh * b e au fifu l H ill 
Bock. on approx 
Ii oak studded 
Country near Ammo 2 bedroom, acre* SAI.MO 
I bath mobile horn* with tora*; 
Single livin g grog, guiro. SOUTH OF B O ER N E , 1o9x2o9 tot. toralscaoed. fenced in 
•■tortoni electricity, and double garage 
Condition 
917.9o9 lu c id * [with artachgd 12x12 roam 
5*.99*3 bierschwale 14« 2Id I 344 $54* 
29 A C R ES W ITH Large oaks and ibeagfitgl building site* Ownor financed with esc ellen! form s 
•ti559 per aer* 

M ASO ! B W P 
• O t H N I, I w ilt if town. Mu«« 

•OM JONS* M I A t YOM 'a 

 nglhm 
A vl|l« down 
•ditv ll* 7774 

IHfSaaT t?U JO mo Jim 

 r n a r r r m r w Ty ar. tug* en (trees, wilt build to sud It desired 
Son Antonio River, lust south of ITH 5*9 7 541 or 5*9 2 541 
J '-•«« r e m o t e , n Y ille m m * I T 'g a / K i i R j’T r V e i , . I l k a ll 
5 living umls Terms, owner financed 
HUGHES A BRISCOE 
*14 4111 REALTOR* 
I 441-55*7 

11 aer* with 14x4$ ft mobil* home, poilu, meter sd water, near 2(1 
South *24-4*11*. 1J7 6*2/ 
{ 
HYATT REAL KITATK 

FiACI VOU9 WANI AO in !m( I r net ss NI ye 5 
CAU 225 IOO* 

FLORESVILLE ARLA 
J 41 a c r e o ld e r 
1 1 1 U r n I 
Uxtno(feted 
M o n y b u rn s o n '! u * "S tented ond toll o f e x tra . 
5*7,oo9 
Nuberto Wrafe S JI l l ! rales ll 18761 
OUR JO N K 5 WF AL TOWS 

KEY GROUP 

GuaUaSupe River ironlayu i one wdn btMuuhtoi Oaf b e e f un yo ur ow n w a te r Ir o n ! T e rm s 
Prunable. *67 $75), 916 o*5o 
_ 

HANDYMANS OREAM 
I uk eft ani pecans, J wells 
I* Ss AC. 3 I stucco lank 
• 76 o665 
716 1/66 
6/Vo67V 

W A TSO N 9 SON W fcAL T OR 5 

H E L O T E S 
I A< rev plus 
N ew w ell, tones v ie r i n t tt y . good rood s s«uli< 

 lune per m il big O af Trees Far 
Vole ond Fin an ce d by O w ner 
I 

 am nor a Heal F slate Agent it von dan I n avy m oney don I bulbel me 6*5 9*o5 6*5 12o5 f J C L M H J acres, scenic view 
Owner 
691 9J 7I art 6pm and wends' iW u k S * n A m t >6 mta 
S i ? W I 

 facilrties 
I R E A in 
Nofulos 
MI lf 

 sourtHNist Loop na en highway to ii years afd AU brick Ll ham* 
Lart* looms Swimming pool 
; l-6torv metal barn Hr laotian wert land eautamenf Fishing pond 
Largo oak end hickory froes WUU 
J* acies of coastal Dear quart, end doe* 
Coll 
*24 *$71 or 
1-742 Mfd for appert!Intent 

 beautiful hilts and trees tl$9 down payment, SS* lf aor mc 
Financed bv ownar Curt fj44$*x 

IH I BC HON NUW t i * sod fast m u tts 
OS ACI r o u t W A N I AO 
IN TMI I xe* I SS NUNS 
CAO 22S 14*4 

P age 1 6 -C 
S an A n to n io E X P R E S S -N E W ^— S u n d a y F e b ru a ry 2 o 1 9 7 7 

228 • BESORT PROPERTIES 
228 T O T PROPERTIES 

BY APPOINTMENT ONLY 
: MEDINA WATERFRONT PROPERTIES 
One waterfront home $42,5oo with 3 lots at Pebble Beach. 
One waterfront home with guest cot* tage. 9o ft. waterfront on lim Creek 
Cove. $43,5oo. 
One Medina River waterfront over 
3oo ft., home with cabin. $54,9oo. 
PIONEER REALTY 
684-4211 1 - 75 1-9 94 3 

226 SUBURBAN PROPERTY 
T — - — ................. 
H i t t 
COUNTRY BOERNE 
AR EA 
Bod w eather h a t taken if s to ll m u tt sell 2 houses or face the banker. P riced from $49,5oo up 
These homes a b s o lu te ly can't be duplicated tor these prices tu x u ry type w ith wood shake roof, rock and redwood e xterior, fire places and wet bors. C onsider boats, autos, tra ve l tra ile rs or old m u le fo r dow n p a y m e n t 
No realistic ofter w ill be refused, lets ta lk ' Call collect 249-?382.149 1744 
HORSE TR AIN ING PARM 
8o acres, new m etal horse barn, 
1oox165, indoor and outdoor aren as, JO stalls, race runs, nice ranch house, fireplace, pool 4S miles to 
S A E auitv $95,ooo. N egotiable. 
LANDON M AR TIN 494 4991 

HUNTING RANCH 

BY OWNER 
3o o c re s n e a r te o k e y , Texas 
Hovily wooded tlve o a k and Pinon 
Pine Plenty of Deer and Turkey 
$3oo down. Owner financed easy term s Phone SH IST 5349 otter 4 pm 

IN THE BOONDOCKS 
11.7 ACRES 
Rock and cedar 3 2' i home, den w ith fire p la c e O nly I yrs old, a p p ro x . 1457 sa ft. in c lu d in g 
1ox19 g o m e ro o m 
S w im d o oI 
Very auiet and peaceful 
H ill Country Realtors 
494-5181 
“ L T S 5 V B U ILD IN G 4lTF------- 
I mile north from Loop N w de s ire d lo c a tio n , deep s o il and wooded oreo. W ater, e le ctricity, and phone Payments ot 541.79 al 
TS sim ple in te re s t o fte r sm all down pm ! Les Fetter, 479-7129 

23o LOTS 
232 FARMS AND RANCHES 

CANYON LAKE BEAUTY! in Tam arack Shares with lu ll lo 
•review New 14x74, tastefully fu r­ nished, I bedroom , I both f m a 
Mobile Home, on large free stud­ ded lot. central heat-air, 11x17 sun d eck, r e fr ig e ra to r p lu s m o n y extras. Sub-division has excellent p riv a te poo l, p o rk s and bo a t launching fa cilitie s M ust see lo appreciate A bargain of $24,3oo1 
DAY OR NITE 455 4848 

 c a n y o n l a k e - b v o w n e 
5 acres on paved road overlook ing lake, near boat launch Lots of tre e s , w a te r e le c tric tty , w ill divide, finance 494 2727, 494 1931 

CANYON LAKE 
• H ILLS ID E LOT 
B E A U T IF U L 
View $14oo Easy Terms 
• Large Lot - Trees Near Lake 
Mobile O K. - Easy Term s 
Coot. E. Jones 
923-6211 

CANYON LAKE 

$13,ooo OFF 

C e rtifie d a p p ra is e d value. 
U nder $5o,ooo N e ar new 3 b e d ro o m , 2 b a th , c e n tra l a ir heat, won to wan carpet- m g. drupes, fire p la c e , new 
G a ry A q u a te ch s w im m in g pool fully equipped, cabana. 3 cor garage, 4 lots. Mony olher lectures Low cosh payment 
Owner I 944 J i l l 

LARGE COUNTRY HOMES 
C u s to m b u ilt 1-3 A c re s . O a k t r e e s , h i l l c o u n t r y . 
N o r t h N o r t h w e s t . H o m e s r e o ^ y to m o v e in to . F i n ­ a n c e d . W e c u s to m b u ild . 
H o v e 
1 3 - 5 o c r e t r a c t s a v a ila b le . 
W e c o n s id e r tra d e s . S a w y e r C o n s t. Co. 
733-o4o9 
494 2743 

 o nyo n la k e , new L a k e v ie w home, $45,ooo W eekend home. 
325,ooo 
LAKE HOME 
R E ALTY 
I 944 119o_____________________ __ r f Clar ic Springs M em bership, 
Best cash offer M K aiser. 14B 
Powder Horn H ill Road. W ilton. 
Conn. o4897 
H b R iE S M O E B ay L a ke L B J. 
Townhouses. 
512-598 5444 or 
398-7541 
___________ 
Horseshoe Bay lof, between comp ground airport. 14,ooo 455-5482 

-LE T A- 
REAL ESTATE BROKER 
' or Sell for you Coll 
Buy 
224-8357 
342 9338 

JA Cess 
Real E stole 
Looking tor an unspoiled p o rl of the Old West 7 Here RU 774 acres of unim proved Big Bend Country com ple te w ith 4ooo It of road fro n ta g e on H w y 17o W inding riv e r bed and in d ia n cove with fossils and arrowheads All of this d ire ctly across from Old TerMn gual Ghast Town and 2o mi from 
Big Bend N a tio n a l P a rk 
C o ll 
<$121,347 2379 
Lot 153 
5 
H ausm on by 
CASH 
695-3424. 
IT O 
UTSA 
$1o,ooo 
735-31o1 
Lovely 4 plus acre hom esite in 
W o o d rid g e P a rk on m e te re d w a te r s y s te m , pa ve d s tre e ts . 
51o,ooo term s available 924 8114. 
337 4917 
HYATT R E AL ESTATE m o b ile ~RSBI 
SB bouse 
LOTS 
'» Acre, priced rig h t 
7)4-1744 
828 o444 
491 7o1o 
WATSON A SON REALTORS 

•MOUNTAIN TOP NORTH* 
A s ta g g e rin g v ie w fo r m ile s , covered w ith oaks $94oo 491 2o91, 
494-47T7 

LAKE LBJ RETAT 
B rick home situated on lake with 
2o2 It w a te r fro n ta g e 
F u lly landscaped w ith sprinkler system and lots of oak trees Large boat dock plus fishing and swim m ing dock. Guest q u a rte rs included 
F o r d e ta ils a n d v ie w in g , c a ll 
347 4115 AN YTIM E 

WORLD WIDE REALTY 

 n 6 W H TMF t I mTT io plan again tor your sum mer fun, I large lots in Cypress Cove of o p rice you c a n 't re s is t 
S m a ll do w n paym ents and easy term s C all 
341 4444 Nltes 346 7o34 

Son BouciieHe 
AC O INC REALTORS MCS 
Q uality borne O verlooking Can- yon Lake, 39oo sa f t , turn 5 acre h illto p Pool 
P rin c ip le s O nly 
$98,ooo 512 199 7919 

>•» ol on ocre, covered with trees 
O' --lie access to river, w ith good fishing and canoeing Ideal bund mg the. plus all utilities, and some v ie w l l m ile s fro m S A c m l 
494-5237, eves 128 1o97 or 824 4788 
6 * r V f l l i g f f < V " 2 o c r;» ne ^T 
Med Center, UT$A. u s a a Nice tre e s a n d h o m e s ite 
L e n n a rd 
Realty 734-4754 
O uTT A N - F t D ilS ' ii m iles from 
14o4 2. 4. 7, l l or 77 Acre trocls 
Owner financed 
I494-742oWAYNE SLATER 344-o914 
.6 ^ 1 o ^ I g W i ; rieo r Boe,rn 
T x I C o u n try C o n te m p o ra ry home with fireplace solarium and 
•oft...) bedrooms. 2 boms B uilt in kitchen, double oarage 
$45, SSE. 
REALTORS 
344oo22 

B u y C h i n m a n C d 

RAIMTREE 
WE CUSTOM B U ILD 
Unique C o untry Homes- FR E E estim ates. T racts available Bul verde I -43* 29o7 or 149 418) r i v i r w w i ’i n r r ^ w o t e T utilities, trees, 14 miles frem 41o 
$595o with form s mc 61*7 
- iVi T g ~ ~ N5~5 i c r e ’ t r Ag r 
ION down, owner Corry beoutitul trees Level 
227-o227 Watson A Son 428 1242 s 6 U fW ’ v i ' o t T t s T u T n • ti; 
$5,ooo up Term s. 424 1544 

SOUTHEAST 
I School D istr ic I 
Lave r ma School D istrict. 2 ocres, 
Only HOO down ana easy term s 
H A G R E AL ESTATE- 927 7441 

STUART RD. ACREAGE 
Ideo) for 2 to I aero tro d e ' 228 acres nea r Lake C a la ve ra s IO miles to Loop 41o Owner finance 
714124-715o 214 149 5114 

SUBURBAN PROPERTY 
Home on acroaoa, M edina Co I bedroom. 2 bath. la rge don, tor m al dining and livin g aroa Has own w aler system pius view at 
Medina River on 5 acres 494 3141 
OALE R ILE Y R E AL ESTATE 

K E Y G R O U P 

238 LOTS 

J? A L M 
Hear Seguin, on pavement Most ly rn comte) Uxg* stock lank with fish SI.OOO pet our 
5o ACHS 
On pavement Stoa' 4o ones rn ti ald, its! in wooded posit* stock tank Only $4/5 pet i lure with acie 
2oo ACRES of good fflwWwd, applot IO actos tm good stand of coasted tatoo stock tons with fish One pi admin# w) wok (1/32 loyalty 
Mas with the sole). Good deaf hunting, only $535 pet at Owner 
I monied 
241 ACRE STOCK f ARM 
About 
'OO oats rn comtel, another IOO ones in good field, 3 slock tanks with fish. lag# hey bom. good (onces fuelled buy 
(at $55o pet one Owner (mon cfd 
GOOD SELECTION Of 
OTHER PROPERTIES 
C H . W A H L 

1 4 7 * SAW. 1479-571o 
771 W Cowl i i , Semen, Toe 
Gena I root I 557 $oS4 
Tok# up paym ents on C o c re (iW for home b u ild in g 
W a te r, c ity 
Utilities M r Fatter, 479-7229 

I TO 5 ACRE TRACTS 
H W SA Boar PM 471 ond I4A4, 
W ell re s tric te d , c o n tro l w a te r, paved streets prices ve ry com p e ttily * 
G ood te rm s 
LA 
K IC R O F T 
R E A L 
ESTATE, 
34 R I 441 r i n T V Z K f U good soil. U o* 
S A Just outside Bailor Co t i t 4442 M Cosmo Realty 4*1 eel* tV/6 A t m fir R tW A------ 
N o rth on G u a d a lu p e , S ce n ic woods ana topsoil High a b o ,* a clear (loon gravel bottom rive r 
$12.*o4 
O w n e r w ill fin a n c e 
R o b e rt S m ith , 494 24*1. it ne ansW t 494-4777 

UNO STORY BOERNE 
I 
L a rg e Home w ith fo rm a l liv in g room d in in g ro o m , b ro o e to s t room term ly room with Hi armor e ! 
/ bedrooms upstoirs pod muster I down Finished utility room pigs I cor garage 
BeornoTT* 

UM. t a r s i Rutty 
141 $ Mom 
* 
1 ?<» )« /* 

V O U B O W N R E T R E A T elect n e tty 
$ acres w ith la rg o m eeter* a ir 
<**1 . . . usa co n d itioned I bedroom , I o o 'h 
— - I home I sheds tone gaud g ro .s 
? • blocks ond no City tomes S5o o46 FIRM 
' 
‘ 
•24 (1171, Niles 45$ 4421 

CHOICE SITES 

THUNOBtMD MUS. 34 cnnoos silt townhouse tots off (attaghan 
Rood Excellent for investment or development project 
AH for $93,4oo 

WOODLAWN MEIS - 
You con see forever". 7 gorgeous lots with a spectacular view of the city A MUST 
SEE' 
$M,5oo 

CASTU MUS TEMtACi - fine cor ner lot off Honeysuckle A rare lied in this oreo............... 
$244)oo 

HELOTES PAW - I V, ocres Choke buiWmo site, lovely corner, lots of trees, Wjutrful view All utilities available................. 
$23,ooo 

SHAVANO 
PAW 
- 
Approx. 
9/1oths of on ocre Beautiful comer lot, Ripple (reek and fainter) Post. 
$22,ooo 

CASTU MUS - One of the few remaining lots on 
Sbolimot 
Beautiful tree covered 
$1M S o 

UNIVERSITY IMUS - Off Blue Mist 
Mountain Zoned tor single term ly 
$14,95o 

 lOQffMU ESTATES, - Gorgeous 
Trees 
North 
Lost schools 
Ex rephonally good vohie .. $11,5oo 

STAGE COACH MUS - Enjoy ap pro* 1.6 acres of native mom ond oak trees with scenic vistn of hill country oreo 
Perfect residential building site ................. $11 JOO 
NEAR SOUTHWEST MEDICA I CEN 
TER OH Babcock Rood 7 residential sites, walking dktonce to elemen tory school from 
$1o4)oo to $12,ooo 

SERENE MUS - Dull knife Trail oH 
Boerne Stage Rood 
Approx 
I S acres Ruler and ilertncity of sheet 
$114)oo 

UNIVERSITY MUS - Gorgeous half ocre Perfect building raoi with trees and grass 
>1o4)oo 

OU CULERRA ROAD-MOUNTAIN 
VIEW ACRES - ? lots combined for exreflenl building site en higher elevation of subdivision. $ P,i 

MOUNTAIN VIEW ACRES - Build your country home in the hee filled heights of this area 
Approx 'A one 
$ 4,4oo 

OAK V1UAGE NORTH - One ocre lo) Water ond electricity available...................... $ 4,5oo 
8 2 4 -o 1 2 1 A N Y T IM E 

 t f o s o u r & k t t a L r 

HALTOM - 54 YURT Of TtUSt 

MASON COUNTY - 

Mason — Off U.S. 87 hove numbor. 

12 ocres — S mites South of 

- Nice homesite. Will G.l. if you 

LLANO RIVER RANCH — Need to see to appreciate. At­ tractive terms — Big Deer — little Money — Lotsa' 

 woter. 

OFFICE: 915— 347-5464 

Max Hey ■ Mason 
915— 347-5532 

Frank Corder — Brady 
9 1 5 -5 9 7 -2 2 3 5 
M ASO N REALTY 

P.O. BOX 377 
MASON, TEXAS 76856 

SWT FARM & RANCH 
REAL ESTATE 

APPROXIMATED Z6oo ACRES NE. 
LA SALL! (o. With trio River hon loge 
2 nice mobile homes, wage, 
Hunting stands, ill fields Excellent 
Small pee­ per ocre 

 numerous small bunting and fishing 5 
(ion of minerals BAS with good terms 

4IS ACRES LA SAUL CO. LA 
Mile Nueces River frontage, S miles West nf Cotulla 18o Acres irrigated termtend, nice house overlooking small lake. Excellent hunting and fishing with mony good improvements Vj minerals 
A red showplace S8oo per ocre with good owner fimmring 
U t PETERS - 
1— 879-2759 
P.O. Sox $43, Cotulla, Tx. 
TROM 
WM 

NEAR UTSA 
9oxiso ti level lot w ith ail utilities. 
M inutes aw ay fro m UTSA ond 
USA A For details and viewing, call 142-4115 AN YTIM E 
WORLD WIDE REALTY 
2 residential lots, oft San Pedro, 
$38oo each. owner carry 
734-5434 C P KOSUB 342-o34) 

232 FARMS ANO RANCHES 

A b so lu te ly F a n ta s tic , tin e IOO ocres with a m ountain too home. for under $91,5oo w ithin an hour's drive and I ll buy it. O therw ise buy m ine John P h ilg o tt ow ner 
Broker, 
347 48o8 
Brokers protected._____________________ 

1DQAC.LAVERNIA 
Nice house. 4 out buildings, fru it orchard, Well, stock tank, oiocfc to sandy loom, Has everything JOE 
VAJDOS. Realtor ( S ill 78o 122$. 
Karnes C i t y 
. _____________ 

RETIREMENT SPECIAL 
N E AR SE G U IN , J golf courses on d c o u n try c lu b - 
R iv e r p riv ile g e s fish. sw im , booting n ic e 2 b e d ro o m ho m e , lo rg e co rn e r lot tree s, ideal garden soil MORE • Just $18,85o 
CARLOS BRAWNER R E ALTY 
179 5947 
SEGUIN. TEX 
5o1 E Kingsbury P O Box I t l l 
" u p p 'e b 'T 'a it T "p l a c i 5-------- 
SEGUIN MCQUEENY AREA 
175 FI Beautiful w aterfront 
Big fam ily home and or home and income High location, m ony ex­ tras Private arco Low $4o S 
714-oo15, *94-o417. 4*9 oo1) 
Beulah M o* Keller, Realtor w l N T 7 3 I 5 Y ir F V 5 W I i T 7 " 
A ransas Pass o r P o rt A ransas 
DOUGLAS ANDERSON 
8o3 Gordina 
732 1342 

1,ooo AC UVE OAK CO 
44o Ac in coastal, near Kennedy creek, best bottomland in Texas 
79% an, owner Corry, 8%, 448 o171 
818o465 
716-1746 
475 o61* 
WATSON A SON REALTORS acreage. 
I irocts. SI' i ocres 
649-SI 7o. 

4,155 ACRES, 12 m iles north of 
Sabinal IV* miles of the beautiful 
S a b in a l R iv e r. G ood fe n c e s , h u n te r's cabin, 4 w e lls, I w ith subm ergeabl* Porno* E xcellent deer ond turkey hunting $35o per ocre with good fe rm i h i ACRES, l l m ile s n o rth of 
Sabinal. Good hunting ond beou 
Moi view 
$45o per acre 
Good terms 
464 ACRES, 7 miles Southwest of 
Hondo Good well w ith w indm ill 
Very good deer, dove, anoil and turke y hunting E xcellent grass cover 
152 A cres cle a re d and b rush sla cke d $5oo p e r a c re , some term s 
74 ACRES, * miles N ortheast of 
Hondo Sm all pond, good fo rm land $75o per acre, good term s 
86 ACRES. 9 m i S outhw est of 
C a s tro v ille Good fe n ce s ond cross fences. Small mobile home, 
2 tanks, some coastal berm uda and k iln * gross $1,ooo per acre with 29% down Terms negotiable 
3oo ACRE STOCK FARM. 8 miles n o rth of K n ip p a 
M a n y im ­ provements. $85o per acre, 29% down 
15o ACHE FARM. 5 m iles west of 
Hondo $7oo per ocre, 29% down 
3oo AC RES. IO m ile s south of 
Hondo 2 tanks, 4o ocres coastal berm uda. 4o ocres sorghum om­ nium gras 
S8oo per acre, 
29% down. 
19$ ACRES. 4 miles northwest of 
Castroville 4o Acres rn Held. well with w indm ill, sm all pond Good hunting $7oo per acre, 19% down 
CLAUDE SCHUEHLE RE ALTY 
T ilt UTH STREET 
HONDO, TX 
78861 
JU 424-2411 
512-426 251o 
M EM BER TERA 
16 AC R E S n e a r D e v in e fo r d e v e lo p m e n t. O ff 173, n e a r schools Goodwin. 124-371$; Len nard Realty, 7)4 4/56 __________ 
4o ACRES near Pleasanton with b ru s h , m e s a u il* . d e e r, ond 
Javelm o $55o per ocre. Owner financed Coll TEX MAC R fc AL- 
TY. S A 114 oo81, night I 5*v )382. 

 to ocre farm near New Braunfels, 
Owner financed 
484 4211 or 751 9*43 
___PIONEER REALTY 
$ 
ACRE 
BU ILDING 

WATERFRONT HOME 

CANYON LAKE M ILLS 
22oo SO FT-2 STORY 
D U PLE X WITH 2 FIR E PLAC ES 
TWO W ATERFRONT LOTS 
2 DECKS 4 ENCLOSED PORCH 
REDUCED $5ooo BY OWNER 
F LE X IB LE TERMS 
N O W $39,9oo, 494-2137 i i i i ' , i T I HT S-tT L A TY T T C * ? 
TRACTS 

HILLTOP 
SITE 
NEAR HUNT. TEX Easy access, evergreen hills, scenic views. Mr 
Tuck, K e rrville 49* 244o. 157-712) 
42 acre live oak hills. Joins huge ranch, deer turkey $3*5 per ocre 
Liberal terms. 1-496-2*4o 

13 ACRES 

BANDERA COUNTY 

“UPPER SABINAL CANYON” 

This could w ell be your best investm ent for 1 9 7 /! 

A FAMILY weekend retreat w ith shallow 
RIVER, toll trees, deep soil, log room, old farm house, (snug and ready for occupancy) and 
25 ACRES1 Perfect location. 
$ 5 o ,o o o . O w ner financing. 
Exclusive shown b y ap­ pointment. 
J.K. LEIGHTON 
REALTORS 

V a rs d w rp o o l, 7 8 8 8 5 
5 1 2 - 9 6 6 - 3 4 o o 

M 2 RUDIS MID MUCHES 

LOOK AT THIS ONI! 
A beautiful lorge tonk, lu ll of Bsh, w ith 28 ft. m obile hom e, b a rn , coral, tool shed, electricity, ru ra l water, good m ineral*, good to ex­ cellent fencing, situated on 4o tree r overed ocres app roxim a tely IO miles SW of Seguin 
Lam) Locaturs of Texas 
S A 467-1154, 447-1333 

MEDINA COUNTY 
445 ceres south of Bondero, E d­ w ard's welt, old G erm en fra m e house, good grazing and hunting, financing available 
Land Locators of Texas 
S A 467 1154, 667 1333 
Moffett Lumber Co 
(FAR M A RANCH R ealtors) 
"Dependable Since 1935'* 
4o7 N. Zorzom or a, 431-7881 

Mf. Cabin Site 
2o o c re tr a c t. L e a k e y A re a 
H e a v ily w o o d e d . 
G ood h u n lin g -$ 2 5 o do w n - 
$75.35 monthly- Em ory 3ones- 734-4627 

 m FARMS AND RANCHES 

“UTOPIA IN 
THI HILLS*' 
Nee* hida-a-way with your own private MKI Heavily Umbered. lift Iv shack, good petro. 19 aero* 
Cat! NAMEY THOMPSOM 
512-966341o 

J.K. HIGHTON, e d it o r s 
IJ 
4-------- 1 I t ltC 
▼ HpeH^Pg 
512-946-34oo 

T236 
SALE 
CfHHMEBCIAl 
238 COMMERCIAL HOPERTY 
LEASE 
238 COMMERCIAL PROPERTY 
LEASE 

236 • COMMERCIAL PROPERTY 
SALE 
_ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ 

NATURAL WATER-184 AC 
Curly mesquite, live oaks, fence sandy loom, good financing 
828 o645 
736 1766 
67 5 o679 
WATSON A SON REALTORS 

SNE AR FR EDERICKSBURG 
87o a c re s w ith 2 p e rm a n e n t streom s. b e o u titu l ro llin g la nd w ith lots of oaks, new cabin, 2 wells, 2 dams, on paved county rood 

S.W. MILITARY DR. 
Corner lot, ZOO ft. front, heovy traf­ fic, 2 bedroom Home 
GUNSHOP 
Sox4oo, good income, small home, double hny auto repair, private financing (.all Ed Owens 826 S463. 

BOB M CGINNIS 
REALTORS 
V 
3 4 9 - 1 1 2 1 
\B H M nR M H M P IR i 

EXECUTIVE RANCH 
A unique ond unusual ISO acres of 
Hill country land, located 15 min utes North of S A on the Cibolo 
Creek SO acres of bottom land. 
4,ooo sq.ft. lodge, designed fo r entertainment, fish stocked tonk, horse corrals a r* lust some of the features this property offers In­ quire now 
M IE R U I ESTATE 
494-1239 or 
344 57*1 nile* 

KERRVILLE 
Almost 11OO ocres, 3 miles K e rr 
Ville city lim its. Lorge sonneted toke, excellent deveiopem ent po­ tential or recreational oreo, close to town. Contoct John W M cCul­ lough, Jr R ealtor 1-257 7574 or write P O Box 774. K e rrville , Tx 
78o28. 
_ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ 

Farm and Ranch Listings Wonted 
SO Acres or larger w ithin 65 miles of Son Antonio W rite full details ond prices 
F O. G O Z A , R E A L T O R 
618 McCullough Ave , Son Anton 
IO, 
Tex , 
227-11o5. 
822 5Joo, 
816 5618 

FARMS and RANCHES 
A Specialty 
More thon Half Century Service 

REQUA REALTY CO 
R e a lto rs 
51o8 B ro o d w a y 
824-45o7 in yi acres fronting on lake Big trees, good soil, fro n t paved rood IO mi 
W of Boerne, all tor $177o per acre 
PIPE CREEK R E A LT Y 695 3241 
FOR SALE • 24o ACRES wooded 
Pasture land. KMM R oaved State 
Hwy frontage. South of Stonewall 
Blanco Co., Tex 
Fred Powell Realty Co. 
Center Point • Tex 78o1o 
Phone 312-434-2449 

NEAR PIPE CREEK i t ' * o c re h o m e site . B e a u tifu l view and trees, privacy. $15,ooo. 
Owner financed. 
Jim 
Taylor 
824-4898 
New B ra u n fe ls -H ill C o u n try 
P roperly Scheel 4 Assoc Realty 
647 
S 
Seguin. 
N. 
Braunfels 
625 8o/8 
O W NER—5oo Acres, C astroville area, 5 tanks, 7o acres field, *o im proved gross, 7 nice hom es. 
Edwards well. 1-42* 3578 

OWNER DESPERATE! 
W ilt sell 3o to IO acres B lanco 
County, 2 miles from Johnson Ci­ ty. Financing arranged 
DORIS HUNSICKER 344 9*36 
-RANCH LANDS ~ 
OWNfcK FINANCED 
173 A c re s , 6 '* m ile s N E of 
Boerne. Well, tank, much game. 
656 58oo, 34? 4167 
DON CONNELL. REALTORS 
$295 PER ACRE-6o5 A cres H ill 
C o u n try. E x c e lle n t w e ll, good roods Owner tiononcinq. 433-87o9 

DOWNTOWN 
COMMERCE ST. 

36,ooo sp ft tend area, $,4oo tq. ft building. Through parking from 2 itreets, room for expansion, ftenM* financing Coll Id Owens. 826 $463 

BOB MCGINNIS 
REALTORS 
, 349.1121 

Office — 
Yard 
A irp o rt A re a 
2 Blocks from lo o p 4 1 o 

 tot Rent — 7$o sq. ft office si 
— central air ond heat IS,OOO sq ft. of yard upper T cycline fence 
Zoned I industrial Suitable for contractor, wholesale, light monufocturing 
$ 2 5 o M onth 
822-9368 

WE ARE ALSO 
LEASING SPECIALISTS 
MATCHING THE SPACE REQUIREMENTS OF GROWING 
SAN ANTONIO BUSINESSES 

• O ffice 

• Retail 

• W arehouse 
Sterling Burke 
RfAlTORS 

77o1 Broadway Suit# 1o4 
824-6351 

242 INDUSTRIAL PROPERTY 
FOR SALE_ _ _ _ 

/ ACRES outside city, Com m er cm l or In d u s tria l. F ro n ts Hw y 
ISIS 
S2o.mio 
Lennord 
Realty. 
734 6756 
_______ 
1.34 acres zoned business IM ti frontage, odiacent railroad, near active shop renter, industrial. 
MAC REAL ESTATE 828 2521 
APPROX 2 ACRES: 3 m i oui oi 
City lim its on IH 17 So. $4oo down. 
Wk- t m M f P M * ea sy te rm s . 

BABCOCK RO 
2 odiacent 3 5 ocre tra c ts w ith hom es ond out b u ild in g s th a t could be converted to 5 apts. 436 ft. frontage on Babcock Rd. Just south of B a b co ck N o rth and 
T anglew ood e n tra n ce s. Zoned 
R-l. Could be r#-ionad C om m er­ cial. Buy one or both. For details, coll 342-411$ AN YTIM E 
WORLD WIDE REALTY 

 a o o o f l o o o o a 

Beautiful corner lot, Perrin-Beite! and Grevstone, zoned B-2. $22,ooo. 
344 3113 

BOERNE MAIN ST 
3 Choice business properties on mom street in grow ing Boerne, 
Tex. A ll w ith im p ro ve m e n ts. I with income producing lease, an­ other with rive r frontage 
HOMESTEAD REALTY 
698-2/o7 
Nites *95 8745 

— RANCH LANOS— 
Land For All Purposes 
7 Flmtslone, 78211 
3449936 

RIMCO REALTY 
484-84oo Ranches' 492 2796 

SOUTH TEXAS 

FOR SALE BY OWNER 
SO— IOO ne IOO acres in K ended Co 
Near K endale, lots or dour, leis of water No cedar $775 per aer and up. 25% down, very low interest 
I 249-2o69 or w rite lo P A. Peisch, 
P O. BOX 62, Boerne Tx 78oo6 

I Webb Co 11.ooo acres, 3,5oo acres 
I M averick Co 
2.ooo acres, 8,ooo acres 
I McMullen Co 2.ooo ocres. 1,oo4 ocres 
Troohy Deer Country 
Excellent grass end water 
713 481 3375 P rincipals only 

BROADWAY FRONTAGE 
Service garage, 42x17, portable building 27x1$, fenced. 15ox1oo. open terms. Coll Annette 
Van Buren & Assoc 
484-7171 
344-1o89 
344 7121 

5 BUILDINGS 
Located on one ocre - zoned B J. t virulent location - easy access to 
Loop 41o and Bandera Rd. B uild­ ing sizes from 28o sa tt. to 2,8oo sq It Priced al $89,ooo Call for m ore details 484-43)o 
Beanie Owens Cn. 
REALTORS 
■ 
BANDERA 
OFC 
RO 

NE B e xar C ounty, w a te r lin e , rolling terrain, building sight with view tor miles Owner financed 
Land Locators of Texas 
S A 447 1154, 447 13)3 
$ ACRES north of Son Antonio. 
$5,9oo, libero! financing bv owner 
534-8874 
126 ACRES ON CORNER, trees, good hunting Hwy 9o W frontage 
Owner finance $45o ac. Lennard 
Realty, 734 675* 
5*o o c re s , one h o u r H W ., 2 s p rin g s . $3*5 p e r a c re , w ith terms, Runcti M arket 824 o156 

Frio Canyon Ranch 
Over 4(3oo ocres of h ill country | beauty, this game paradise ho* 3 j spring ted lakes, several creeks ond co u n tle ss s p rin g s 
G am e galore w ith deer, turke y, iavelmo ond bob cats. Only I m ile from 
Texas most pooulor state pork 
(G arner) and oriced to sell 
BRICE PROPERTIES 
BOX 434 Leakey. Tx 7887) 
S IM I? 5249 OH. 312-232-53o8 re*. 

Fho Medina Edwards 
Counties 
I 5oo 
A C R E S n e a r 
O u n la v , 
2 houses, E d w ards w e ll, tanks, gome, m merols, term s, all or p ort 
| ZOO AC R E S he a r C a s tro v ille , i house, well, tanks, game, miner- 
I als, terms, oil or part j 45oo ACRES near C a rta V alley 

SPANISH STYLE HOM E. I be groom s, 3 baths, huge den and fireitoee. beautiful enclosed emir fyord Cent beat a ir, only %mile oft IH lo East, oil ibis situated on 
IS wooded acres! $65,ooo DALE 
DYESS REALTORS 2o4 S Austin, 
Seguin, Tx 1-379-4158___________ 

2-STORY ROCK HOME 
Located en Scenic Loop and si tooted on 113$ acres- Entoy ru ra l living in this 3ooo so ft home near 
Boerne. T h re e b e d ro o m s, tw o fireplaces, mony built-in e xtra s 
Shown bv appointment 

BOERNE RANCH REALTY 
Clift Lewis, Realtor 
Boerne 249-2o41 
S A. 224-7171 I 

 i C o m m e rcia l B u ild in g B a ig a m 
I 32oo sq ti c o rn e r lo t, 58oo 5 
Flores 
Owner w ill handle 
! 923-4517 
C O M M E R C IA L 
B U IL D IN G , 
33,ooo sqft One floor Near down lawn area ond freeways. Situated on approx 2 ocres of land Zoned 
J Commercial Building in excel­ le n t c o n d itio n . In q u ire to d a y.- 
ROHDE 
BUSINESS 
BROKERS 
494-5311________________________ 
Corner 1o2X157 It W. Commerce lot Large fram e house, plus small restaurant 
Plenty parking. 
733 9445_______________________ i Developers, investors, 5oo ocres. 
, w ill divide into IOO ocre tr o d * 
P im m it Co. COOKE 923 271? 

WANT TO BUY A 
CAV!? 

Yes, we have one for safe. 
Beautiful formations, SO ocres plus 12o ones available This is on investor s DREAM! Ar to tourist 
Attraction 
BOG MCGINNIS 
REALTORS 
349-6211 

 k l 

INDUSTR IAL LOTS ’*» Acre ond up. Zoned l l ; fu lly developed. 
V I P Pork Easy term s. 433-1489 

248 OFFICE SPACE FOR LEASE 

 r n 

PRESTIGIOUS O FFICE SPACE 
In growing N W sector. Reasona 
Ole rates. G reater S A. Butlers 
Assoc. 
8923 N W. IH IO 696-38oo. 
D U M O HEIGHTS • 
4 room suite 
Reasonable R L. 
• Stewart, 828 1221. 514o Broadway 

Executive Office Space 
FU R N and U N FU R N 
By day, week or m onth. We p ro v id e a reception ist, answ ering service ond secretarial service 
EX EC U TIVE OFFICE SYSTEMS 
878-18o8 Ste 2o6 18oo NE Loop 41o 
San Antonio, Texas 78217 

SALE OR LEASE 

4,ooo $*. ft. O ffk* building 

Doctor* Lewyers-bisurghce 
Chiefs Prestigious location 

Tarim Negotiable 

141 Danube 

3 4 9 - 5 o 2 2 

NE A b A lR P O R r y g & r e W A -? 
AREA AND LOOP 41o. For lease, sm a ll o ffic e , p an eled, u til, pd 
A n s w e rin g s e rv ic e a v a il a t additional cost For fu rth e r info coli 341-7296 or 822 3o1o eves. 
O F F IC E SPACE A V A |L a B l 1 
Two one m an suites available im ­ mediately in the beautiful Rohde 
Building. O verlooks Turtle Creek 
Got! Course, near Med C enter. 
IH IO, Loop 41o ond USAA In the center of everything. Coffee bar, 
X e ro x, io n ito ria l s e rv ic e , fre e parkin g. Inquire today. ROHDE 
REALTORS. 
4139 
Gardendale. 
694-5311 

JUST LISTED 
S 

What mot* could you ask for/ 42 

 trailer pods. II rant houses, 3 

 wells, tennis court everything is 

 all layed out Buy id tun it! Profit 

 from ill 

BOB MCGINNIS 
REALTORS 
349-6211 

11.ooo SO. FT STRIP CENTER 
Choice lo cation M odern 3 yrs. old. O w ners m ust sell. $1o,ooo down and assume 
494-3229. 
141 8114_____ 
Two lot* W alters and feast Com m erce L o rq * b u ild in g $19,5oo, 
S e rv ic e S ta tio n 413 N 
New 
B iauntels $25,ooo 221-5424 Roo sevelt Sams Realty 
15-UNIT M O TE L w it m anager s quarters ond pool All new equip ment and T V *. B avarian decor 
P rim e lo cation New condition. 
Excellent return. 

Tower View Inc, 732 6157 

238-COMMERCIAL PROPERTY 
LEASE 

DOWNTOWN IH35 
Corner of access, good exposure, eosv accessibility, shop or office. 
IST; 
S U T H E R LA N D S P R IN G S , 125 
Acres of Coastal w ith lo rqe ook trees, stock la n k County rood w ith acce ss to p a v e m e n t en- 
IrM * .* r 
°k" ? . .'1 ° " 7 , 
*ronce NO AGENTS P LE A S E 
°J ' 
I 947 3311 Att 4 p m. 

32oo acre Ranch 
In on estate on paved rood, good hunting, 1 .m inerals, and term s 
ST EW A RT R E A L T Y 

3 4 9 -o 9 3 8 O f 3 7 8 -7 6 o 4 
I OOO ACRE RANCH SOUTH 
Many tonks, im provem ents 
R iverfront ond landing strip 
Much game, owner Corry 
177-o227 
Watson A Son *2412*2 

3o ACR ES-POTEE T, la rg e oak tre e s, h ig h w a y fro n ta g e S IM ­ 
MONS R E A L E S T A T E , P oteet 
' I 741 3368, S A 347 4o31_________ 
19? ACRES POTEET, Nice home, ample equipment 39 ocre peanut 
' allotment Deer and birds, nego liable SIMMONS REAL ESTATE 
Poteet. I 741 3368, S A 3414o33 
I 4o A c re s p rim e fa rm la n d , 
I c le a re d , ro o t p lo w e d , I? m i southwest of Floresville, $6oo per 
OC 
Owner financed. 
494-3o34, 
344-44o? 
_________ 
____ 
6o Acres, si,2oo an a cre , N ear 
Devine. 674478o 
*o Acres. $1,2oo an acre. N ear 
Devine, 474-671o_______________ 
1oo)3$ ACRES BA N D ER A . M id die of deer co u n try, cobin ond w oter and lot* of trees, nepotic b l* SIMMONS RE AL ESTATE. 
Poteet, 1 742 )3*8. 1 742*43$. S A 
)4?-4o$l 

9.25 ACRES 

I 7*o 26oo 

B e autifu l b u ild in g site, located lu s t o ff IH IO. w e st of Leon 
S prings E le c tric ity a v a ila b le 
Good ia strictio n * to protect your investment 
Owner financing available 
BOERNE RANCH REALTY 
CUM Lewis. ReoHer 
Boerne lee 18*1 
» A r n t i n 

• 2o5 ACRES • 
Coeratgi berm uda and peanut ok raiment in Wilson County F arm home ond running crests Call Mi cnoel Kaiiski. *21-o*9$ 
RANCH MARKET 
. I M W . W U U 
175 ACRES 
COMAL COUNTY 
OWNER W ill TRADE 
DORIS 
HUNSICKER 
344-9936 

-RANCH U M P S - 

5ooo ACRES 
C o m bination fa rm and ra n c h 
Over 2ooo a c re * in c u ltiv a tio n , 
I ready to plant Ample irrig a tio n waler well watered, wet! fenced, new gens, tenant house, the very best hunting in South Texas) A real opportunity at a reasonable 
$ ocres prize 
MCARN PROWSE Properties 
__________ 312 153 4o*4_________ 

IOO A cres 
South Bexar County sandy m es­ quit* land Water well. shed. ond dens Secluded SOSO oar ocre. 
Coll 
E D Goto, 
IZA Salt or 
217-o1o$ 
LD. GOZA 

R E ALTOR«227-81QS 
77$ ACRES Stonewall near LB J 
Roach 2 wells, spring, 4 ta n **, oaks and grass, w ildlife galore 
O w ner fin a n c e 
G o o d w in , 
12*371$; 
Lennord 
Reolty, 
734 *756________________________ 
41 ACRES, Utopia, tente d 1o% dow n, ow ner w ill C o rry note 
M oore Real E sta te I ? /* 41*2, 
I M A !>q" ' Pl* AkkOt 71$ 233o 
5*1 ACRES. I w aler wells. 2 tanks, hay shed, tractor shed irn la e a 
1 lion available Plus oil production 
54oo per ocre 
; 144 ACRES, good w aler, tank, ook 
; trees, small house $)So per acre 
Owner financed 
I* ACRES, excellent fa rm la n d , 
; Ii anting Hwy III 
IOO ACRES land s room house, an blocking 
4$ miles south 
San 
Antonio 

Dtak Young Real Estate 
Kames City, Texas 

 w e a th e r ro o d a c ro s s ra n c h , windm ill wells, m inerals, term s, all or part 
Frank 
Patton 
512 221-1814 
12? 1*18 
Town and Country Inc. Realtors 
1712 M ilam Bldg S A Tx >82o3 

G A S P R O D U C T IO N 
ISO ACRES House-paved road from age a ll m in e ra ls $49$ per acre O AVID m a r t i n P H IL L IP 
REALTY 69) 1)71, 1 78o 1171 

AO G O O O H U N T IN G A C R E S 
In lorge ranch, w orlds of gam *. 
$11*5 down paym ent and $1*4 15 per mo Coli 734 959o 

TAX FREE EXCHANGES 
Ranches, Form s, Land anywhere : 
DEVAULT A ASSOC. 349 2477 
1 

G O O D 
ITO 

I 
MAC r¥ a L ESTATE 878 23?') 
| 

EXCELLENT BUSINESS j 
LOCUTION 
1443 W Hildebrand, lust OM IH IO. | 
Quick possession. Term s flexible, , 
Lillian flo o e y 735-6876 i 

78o J 197 

BANDERA COUNTY 24 ACRES 
Upper Sob!not Canyon W aler 
J K LEIGHTON. REALTORS 
Vonderpool. Tx 
312 *44 )4oo 

BOERNE 

I * C R f LOTS fron i.ng Bandera 
R d rn sid e 1*o4 F o r r e s id e n tia l or i rim m e r teat US* 
R e a s o n a b ly b ' u e o e*4 i*o o ozr es en Sulphei Ig rin e s rd 
S ta tic ta n k, 

* bedroom, 2 beth reek horn* en 7 ocres Good well. garden m o i. good PWC e tor horses 
BOERNE RANCH REALTY 
CUM Lewis, Realtor g berne 149 1o6! 
$ A 214 7171 

BOERNE 
Modem Mire* bedroom two bath ro ck hom e 
Se* m ile s e t H ill 
Country tram your fro n t porch 
Int lades doodle cor garage, patio, work shop and geed well All Mu* of land lo ca te d 4 miles from Boerne oui Sisitrdeto 
Rood 
BOERNE RANCH REALTY 
CUM Lewis. Realtor 
Boerne 749-1o41 
I A 224 7171 
Call us about our close us ru ra l properties I toe Acres kern A Assoc. Regiiers tie n i l 

CANYON UKE RANCH 
IM acres with J uooti et lobe ac­ cess Picturesque era**, landing 
Strip ta rt* oaks. a r* ural part et 

Geed reding g re w tone with L .v . I Tor M l . n j l V 
. C 
.m u *.- 
Dobs Excellent hunting Fence* 
Terms, 694 S II* lutes 344 t/s t on 3 sides This lane suiioW* tor 
|*w e**e. nu#* r n aret sunning for I te s tis Veterans 
145o oo per acre. 
Excellent investment, 

2o ACRES 
East Eexar County sandy tame, I sudan gross read frontage, wafer line taw foxes 2o*. down. * ' i% 2o | years 
Hod Locators ll Teas 
$ A 467 11$4. *47 l l } ) 

59 ACRES 

H U N T IN G 
A C R E S 
$11* $o per a e r* Owner financed of 7 %% simple interest with 5% downlpoymerH Col) 734-7964 

BIMDALUPE COUNTY 
IO ocres, ru ra l w ater im *, geed soil Cash or Texas Vet 

Land Locators of Texas 
5 A 667 1134. 447 133J 
GUADALUPE RIVER RANCH ll * Acres near Hunt. Tex Beau­ tifu l s p a rk lin g r iv e r fro n ta g e , hug* cypress trees, creek runs through Many beautiful building sites, w ith s p e c ta c u la r vie w s. 
L ib e ra l o w n e r fin a n c in g 
M r. 
Tuck 
K e rrville . 
8*4 2*4o. 
217-7823 
____________________ 

HAYES CO-57 AC 
TM I so, big oaks. owner ca rry 
178o*45 
714-1744 
734 411/ 
WATSON A SON R E A LT O R ) 

H IL L C O U N T R Y IO A C R E S 
B e a u tifu l h ills oisd tree s S)$o down pa ym e n t. $$4 I* per mo 
Financed by owner Call 734 93*8 
HILL 
COUNTRY 
NEAR 
K E R R V ILLE 
4 bedroom. 2 both. lodge Tennis c o u rt. On 1$ a c re s o r m o re 
$1oo OOO I 8*6 3471 
H ILL 
LAKE 
23 acres on Hwy 2*7} neer $ A ond New B raun fels o v *ilo o k in g la ke 
L o ts of g a m e , no cro ss fences betw een la rg e ranches, spring fed lank, good trees and gross S m all dow n, ow ner tin anted 494 2727, 494 19)1________ 

H IL L S O F U T O P IA 
71o 
A C R E S d o e r h u n tin g parodist, running w ater end d irt tank 
HO ACRES la rge Cypress tre e * and deep water 
CLINTON R IE B E R . BROKER 
454 ACRES perm anent running water excellent hunting, beautiful brick home 
I CLINTON 
RIEBER-OW NER BROKER 

S12-9o4-3M1 

H IL L S O F U T O P IA 
71# AC RES d e e r h u n tin g p a r ­ odist. running water and d irt ton* 
1*o ACRES la rge Cypress trees end deep water j 
CLINTON R IEB ER . BROKER t *54 ACRES perm anent running waler exc811**1 hunting, beautiful 
' brick bern* 
CLINTON RIEB BR 
OWNER BROKER 

TAX FREE EXCHANGES 
This land w ill sell because it is priced below lh * com petition The 
' selle r'' shares his tax benefits with th * buyer. ll? Acres on the Medina R iver, huge oaks ond pecans. Only IO 
Min lo S A. $1,3oo per acre 
27) ocres blackland fa rm south of 
New Braunfels, house ort strip, big tonk. creek, sauareiy in the path ut progress, $1,ooo or ocre 
2o3 Acres oh the San M arcos R ivr, 
Gonzales Co 4,ooo M of rive r Iron!, 
’ runnel als. only t*oo per acre 
Let us a rra nge an exchange et 
YOUR properly 
CALL 349 2477 
D E VAULT A ASSOC 

TEXAS VETS 
W* still have a few ve t trocts NM lf you hove received your pack­ age. give us a call 
Land Locators of Texas 
$ A 6*7-1154 , 667 1)3) 
2o TO IO ACRES near Pleasanton, approxim ately 35 m iles $ A Some* cleared tor planting, ethel s with trees, brush, and pends Excellent long te rm owner finan cing Coil 
[ I E X 
M AC 
R E A L T Y , 
S A 
124 oo81 nights I 569 111!_______ 

UNIMPROVED 
: 6 7 ocre build in g s it* w ith m a r­ velous view to th * east Some rock on land to build reta ining wells, etc Total price S11,8oo 
I mane ins 

FOR SALE OR RENT, 1ox12o M I 
. W. C om m erce lo t w ith d u p le x ., 
Pork in tront ond rear 733 9665 
FOR SA LE OR R E N T 
L a rg e c o m m e rc ia l b u ild in g 
1414 
G U A D A L U P E ST 
P le n ty of parking, l i m i t ___________ 
Good Opportunity Hardw are ond 
L u m b e r 
B u tin * * * fo r S o le. 
Medina toke Owner W ill finance 
*o4-4211 or 751-9*43 
PIONEER R E ALTY 
GOOD R E N T A L or BU SIN E SS \ 
PROPERTY. Small building with toro* lot S85oo owner w ill c a rry 
Cull H Rubin $34-4128 or 73S o34o 

HILL COUNTRY 
OPPORTUNITY 
Aporox 84o8 sq.M m asonry b ld * 
Ira downtown Boerne, new roof, wired tor industrial equip ($12) 
337 45$S 
HOME-OFFICE i B e o u titu l b ric k hom e in g re o t location perfect tor hom *-office 
! operation. 3-3-2 oMice, all paneled. 
MAC REAL ESTATE l i t 2321 

HWY 9o WEST 

IDEAL 

Deportment 
Store, 

Grocery, Retail or Of­ fice! 
8,ooo 
Sq. ft. 
Recently remodeled for 
Winn's 
Head-tn pius parking lot. Nogoiitos at exit IH35 

Owner— 822-oo92 

4o1 APknTMENrS-FWH 

FURNISHED 
APARTMENTS 

 w o n t 

* 4 6 . 
Weekly 

* 1 5 2 . M o n th ly 
Studio, I -2 bedroom s 
NO LEAS! 

TENNIS COURT 

ADULT LIVING— NO PETS 

WMKtN HOUSE 
I H 
I N W L o o p 4 1 o 
“ et I MO vee ti an af Bawhurat and ocean road 81o" 
342-4o29 

O ffice spoce, NE , fin is h e d , ira mediate occupancy, utilities paid. 
Becky M ayo 82* 3251. Henry S. 
M ille r Co. Realtors. 
O F F IC E 
SP AC E or 
W AR 
E HOUSE. Suitable fo r onv type business. 12o4 West Ave. inquire 
12oo West Ave. 734^1*81 
R I M d O ffic e s p a te on new 
N orth Expressw ay hear a irpo rt. 
Reasonable rotes, covered pkg., all conveniences. 
344-345*. 
Weekdays 
Sm ell O ffices for port 349-8oo1 
TToJT 
Flores *24-4349 

 lease. Bv a ir- 

M office space. $ it7 i. 

31o W. SUNSET 
Single Office, doubt* offic#, or 3 ro o m s u ite s . C o n v e n ie n t to 
Broadway, Loop 41o, a irp o rt, etc. 
4$c per sq .M. Includes utilities and maintenance. 824-4571 
Nelson Cory. REALTORS 

S m all O ffices fo r lo os*. KV air” port 349 8oo1___________ 
2,'Oo sq. ii. office spoce 
Flares. *24-434* 
W 
T 

252 SELL UR EXCHANGE 

HAVE C A ^ BUYERS o ld e r h o m e s, o p ts n e e d in g repairs. John B. Eccell, B roker 
6o8 Gunter Bldg 226 7o31 824-8o23 

254-BEAL ESTATE WANTED 

E T e c u b v r'd lra fre ^ o T e a s 'r^ T rT bedroom home an 5o-4oo acres. 
G razing land, w ith stock bands within 2o m i of S.A. Reply lo Mrs. 
Prudy Brofherton PO Box 5333o. 
Houston, TX 77o32. 713-273-4o61 
Individual wonts to buy older in- come p ro p e rty , co n d itio n u n im ­ portant. E Ateek, P.O. D raw er K. 
Portland, Tx. 78374 

STAMPS! 
E xtensive fo re ig n stom a collec­ tion m ostly catalogued in IS ScoM albums For sale or trade for San 
A n fo m o R eal E s ta te af e a u o l value, arra n g e m e n ts ta see my 
$14,5oo stamp collection, m ay be made by calling 

648 1323 

AVAILABLE WAREHOUSE 
ANO OFFICE SPADE 
A ll sizes ta m eet any need. AM oreas af S.A. Ernest Sobte Cern- 
■hereto! Prop 349-3639 
B-2 C o m m e rc ia l P ro p e rty fo r 
Lease, p rim e business location, a ccess to 
E x p re s s w a y and 
Ctftebra 1715 N. T rin ity 722-71)1 
M r Garza 
BEACON CIRCLE EAST 
Near San Pedro and new 
N orth E x p re s s w a y . 1234 soft. o ffic e -w a re h o u te spoce. 342 2934____________ 

BOOY SHOP 
Foreign car shop, needs expert body man to sublease body shop 
Contact Steve Stephens. 73S-o114. 
242* Blanco Rd 
E xceilent location tor cora oealer, leweier, title insurance ca. heavy ironic count, 
Randolph orea, 
65*3)41 
Cafe, pool non. party room 
OII equipment, 3-2 home. smoil dawn, owner c a rry 
, 
A#ft/, 
•28 o645 
7SA1744 
5 3 4 ^2 * j ^ s i ' l S ^ la re * . 812^421 

 w k N T ¥ b ' : r K a L fes-fAVe 6 W 
MAJOR 
RIVER 
PR IN CIPALS 
ONLY 
<711> 883 2o l*i 883-7481 

2S6 BEAL ESTATE LOANS 
M A K ^ l l 
LO AN S 8% F irs t 
Hens Max I yrs. Buy nates toss than 8% w ith discount. 
A.V. Redrsguei-Braker 221-o98o 

(BEDROOM 

APTS. 

NoRTHSIDE 
I1 • 
" 

* FURNISHED 

* ALI BILLS PAID 

826-8491 

732-2196 

 a tower m i n t a 
* 

# Mixed Dunk dub 
I ai ilu in e Gym and free lie n ne 
(lanes 
# trouty Shop 
# Sauna Whirlpool 
# tennis Courts 3 pooh 
# frost free refrigerators 
A IO Minutes ta 
Downtown 

4o32 E. Soothero$$ 

337-5242 

 r a 
S r 

 leasing Owdy 9-6 Seetoy I-* 
1 Bedroom $343 
2 Bedroom $21o 
• U B N .-U N FU R N . 
AH Utili'ws Pod lorge pkjygrounds, losketboM Cool Shuttle bood lighted tennis mutt. 3 large swim ming pools tool (rooks k i I 
Stale Hospital. Pecon Volley hoi» 
Course 
Truly Ms# best re n ta l v o lu * in to w n . 
271$ losses 
133-5339 

3o2 

T b e-E S S S E 
241S CASTROVILLE RO 
MOBIL! HOMES BW 

'm u 
'a » ' L » r 

433-2o44 Merman G rim m 722-8o74 f h e 6 * o < !>MS C ountry Uvrag’ i 
N ear c ity w ith g a rd e n , H a iling sam *135 month *23-4967 
Furnished or unfurnishi-u Mobur 
Home 2 bedroom, $75 d tp , $135 mo., 4 mo lease 423 3457 
KlfeAft' L A g K lA W g T ta lB 'te wide 
24 x55 . J bedrooms, den, dining room . F u lly carpeted No pets. 
$25o mo. bills paid $1oo deposit. 
25o? 
Observation 
Dr. 
474-7SI8, 
694-35o7 b e n i sale. tVoeCTtaTn I i . lixTS, washer, dryer. SisOmo, in K irb y 
534-3511 137-4738 Sgt Lee _______ 

F o r re n t o r lease, m e ch a n ics used car rat. office $15o 
AOI APARTMENTSTDBK 

BOERNE RANCH REALTY 
Clift L tw tt, Realtor 
Boerne 24* 2841 
S A 114-7171 

IIN RANCHERO ' ~ 
COUNTRY-CAN VCiW I 
H i a c re s w ith fis h 

S12-964-3S41 

 i r . w 
7 * * r ot f Y brack et m edico! center, tar de lulls com 826 o372 

RED CARPET 
REALTORS 
IU BEBOUT P O T ? »S 

Nice yard trees 
I 7511173 
'- m ic a I! t t A k * OH L A M 
1 
On paved road overlooking toke tats at trees, goad grass Water and electricity Near Turkey Cave 
M arina on $ A side af Wk* WHI divide 
Will ll nonce 
4*4 2727, 
494 1*31 
-----------------g V C W T ill ----------------- 
FOR SALE OR I EASE. home en 
Medusa liv e r I bear aum trotter w ith large a tta in e d parch on 
344 I 

.. AM YON LA K E , Aeger*, nest ie ir a * Park swim ming poet alec 
> lr ic tty, w a ler weekend resort, see ta appreciate. $1,986 equity, j by owner, *$8- H41 

CHOICE HQMESITES 
I M inke Q uietly secluded rn W oodlawn 
H ills B u ild new ar hold ret in vestment Terms a> airable $3.4*o 
Ie 166o6 Paved streets An u lili ties Near schools and choppin* 
Neer B e n d e l* Rd ana B e tire * 
Or Far details cen Levis Flores, 
732 7MI 

 tot 
1872 ar acre 
St) $J$ 4 4 lt 
C A ^ Y o N L A K ! 

M O B IL E L O T 
1o.ooo Sd ft fantastic view Peat bael ram p near bv 1148o, HIK/ 
Bown, 71 mo et SH 41 APR 1% 
M E I M IL L E R 
224-2324 

 t o t IHI te s tis ' k l s u its 
ON 4 WAN? AO 
IN I H U M M '© (F U is l l s le e * 
I s ssi ss ANO Nixes 

 tu rn e r lo t K e n tw o o d M n n g r, 
$158o or Rest arter *96 SSI) 
For Seta Vacant Let. 334 Donatio 
D riv e 
H o lly w o o d P eris b ro g 
I i Ss lid Contact owner 
Hoyt M 
F e s te r, 
V u n d e rp o tl 
R o o t*, y te e .g .T , iS liiN ta H98, 
L iv e Ooh 
Guadalupe 
3)3 SAT* 

H ills s u b d iv is io n , 
Co. $15oo-best offer 

41?/ MT 
L A U R E L ST 
IM Mr la u re l Sub D ivision 77 fro n t tf with paved alley ideal tar m in lum um tre s s home Near TUR 
TL4 CREEK COUNTRY CLUB 
Mod Cental. USAA, etc. )i4.8eu 
6*4 44o) M en b r l o r 341 5444 
8AM 18PM dotty WHI Finance 

Fl8Ct TOU8 WANI AD in tm i ■ FVI ss toners 
CAH t i s ieee 

BOL BN! RANCH REALTY 
Cliff le w is, Realtor 
Boei rn- <49 28*I 
S A 
714 7)7) 
>8 a c re s . H ig h w o y (re n ta g e , 
•tau**, well coastal, eon*, tank, nao r 
N ix o n 
M M 
R ifh c i* 
SBI 11 SB 

2o A C R E S M IL L C O U N T R Y 
On fence Im * et la rg e ra n c h . many deer turkey Jeveitna. 14v$ down paym ent $77 l l aor mo 
Owner financing available 
Call f K h H 
1 tm ACRES in F ai d li un aVedwi kouiheasl Dewitt County. Excel tem im proves gross *o *• suiig bi# far fo rm in g r u t .rad ether crops E xcellent honlm o H 
A 
K ittingsworfh, 3 ll 37* /F II 
147 ACRES 

MEDINA RIVER 
Mew would you irk* ta own about a m il* of Medina aiver Frontage* 
Mono* ads Of huge pecan frees rn a grass rive r bottom P iu s fields and aesture land ta m i paved lo a d fro n te d * 
C o m p le te ly remodeled J roam house Only $ mi south of LaWI 41o 
347 *ooo 
344 I7 JI 
P A T R IC K B . D A V IS 
H A L T O M 

ATASCOSA COUNTY, *58 acres 
2 mi West of Potato, IOC ocres. I nu aff 2(1 on aid Pleasanton Re 
I ( od 512-644-2153 dr 34o Adit 
2--------- 

I X F it SS ANO M W ) 

M L L REAl ESTATE 
C-H w a R l r e a l t y 
" 
Goad selection Farms Ranches 
I 379 $891 I 179 5718 
Segura Tx 

COMMUTERS RANCH 
HO ocres, all or part. Oak Tree covered land with scenic views 
Good topsoil creek ond no rut al take I ut alod ll milos tram Leap 
418 Lew Priced with pood terms 
L o r r y 
M g c u n * 
494 $>39 o r 
3441741 n il** 

SALE KAL ESTATE 
CHE IM ANO KIW I ll 
R a nches la rg e , and s m a ll te e c ia tu r a g in in * 
P ie # 
C re e k - B a n g e rs —M eem e area 
Jim ta y le t Els <**6 
Deer quoit turkey, ju .u im u , Ifs 
Acres k inner Ca Owne> hnanc- mg ovolition 
St? ?/* Se?) on«r 
SPM 

EAST B LUR CUDNEY 
I bedroom , 7 Rem new tim e ly ham * on b ea utiful I a cre Ire d , cre e * H aulage road fro n ta g e water im * and septic system 

I M I locators i i l i m 
S A 487 l l >4 44/ 1133 
EDWARDS RANCH R E ALTY 
Buy year toad frem th* natives 
PIPE CREEK, TP 6*5 8449 

THI AC HON N U M Ill 
IO * IASI * t Sui IS 
Ft ACI YOUR WANI AO 
IN IHI I snots* NI W I 
CAII I t s 1666 

24o IRRIGATED AC 
45 Ac buttal gross, garden area 
(74 868$ 
734 1764 
$34 443* 
WATSON A SON REALTORS 
IO Ir r ig a te d F o r m a cres 
Near riv e r, well furnished. $84o dwn pa ym e n t $1oo * ( per mo 
Owner financed Call 734 7*64___ 
K e rrv ille ll? p e r* exotic a a m * 
Vouch a m deer. tallow doer, bkg doer, blackbuck antelope, mao 
Mon sheep Deer proof fence *51o ocre, geed term s 
Owner SII 34/ te st 
K e rrv ille in , acre Reach ro ilin g hills WUK gushing springs lu k # wan bum end catfish i tear water 
Dear ana turkey (($o Per acre interest only payments available 
Owner IH -W -M S* 

LAND OWNERS we have at present a tis* af Texas 
VO** who hee * rece ive d th e ir attain airan (quick s a l*1 looking tor rand Storm of $ a ii you a r t rater,tie d ta selling, please give us a can 
LANO LOCATOR! BF TERA! 

X A , * / l.,1* 
, 
• LUI CABIN • 
HUGE liv in g re o m ()S X 3 2 ), 
MAMMOTH fireplace 2 bedroom j I bam, high on a hell with 4o md# view * i m i from Beento Ail mrs pius (5 acres and a running creek 
Owner in ill health must sett' 
DURU HUNSICKER 344-99)6 

- BANDH LAMB! - 
ON A WANI *o 
IHI NUM#*# IO I AU 
IS 22$ I AAS 
11 eof SS ANO NI W I 

Pond. Hmm* court, m c* house, all fenced FOR ONLY $61,8o8 Ask for 
M r 
D rill 
344 3471, 
Niles 
341 1*81 
BOB BRENNER R E A LTO R 5_ 
UPPER 5>a S n AL CANYON 
14$ erre s-crte k dense woads i 
J K LEIG HTO N, REALTORS 
: yydT P B B *- / —>» 
111 9*6 34oo 
W ANTED TO LEASE 
2oo TO 2ooo A C R E S 
P astureland for cattle Address 
TUN ratormofion to 
G T MCALPIN 
$2( South Vandiver 
Son Antonio, Tx 782o9 
Want ti u-au zoo /Iras acres aas to r* land tar ta m # Address lu ll info ta G T M cAlpin. 5/4 $ Van dryer, San Antonio 7t JO/ 
WE CAN SELL YOUR 
RANCH FARM OR HOME 
IN THE H ILL COUNTRY 
HOUSTON RANCH R E A LT Y 
Boerne. Tx 7BM4 
149-1114 o* 149-33)4____________ _ 

WEEK-END HIDEAWAY 
Cl Bar nome en 7 * acres located et th# end of County rood 6 miles frem Boerne On* extra tare * be dr aam, bam, nvraq area kitchen, la rg e scre e n e d fro n t p a rc h 
1 $31 o88 8o Total Price 
BOERNE RANCH REALTY 
Cuff Lewis. Realtor 
Boerne 349-1841 
S A 774 7171 
WEST TEXAS 
Wilt cut up targe 
West Texas ranch rata SOB acre ranching and hunting ti eels. if enough in te re s t sob a c re s ut 
$15o Sd p e r a c re ie % da w n balance to years at (% 
P O Box 
I < "I IV s Christi, Texas 744o3 
Whet 'vpe Ranch de you wan t i 
RANCH M ARKET 128-1164 
Rf I Rad 111- San Antonio ta iK w ill tro d e wen tacgta d d u p ia x war TK S II.oo8 to r re a s o n a b ly priced farm ranch land, P a trick 
341 3473 

WILSON COUNTY 
ISO acres good brack land fa rm 5 room house, barns SISO Par acre 

R E N F R O R E A L T Y 
*11 3241 

WORKING RANCH w it) sell on or p a rt ($ ( acres j sandy loam and b la c k la n d lea ut re* -niguted Appl ax 6oo acres J in Coaxial Bermuda A ppro* 1oo ocres Peanut akotnieiti I houses 
*1oo soft madam dairy barn IX inch irrigatio n wall 64oo ft rivet lr enrage la nes with fish Many glB ar im p ro ve m e n ts in c lu d in g 
4,ueu sqrt ro o m house JI m iles tram SA, mile tram lawn Terms awner carry J4V oo3. 4*4 284o 
M u tt! ( M W (MILOT 

 i I a v a l l a c o u n t y ” 

WATSON A SON REALTORS 
ICE HOUSE 
For sole or lease 
Now vacont, sa you can stack as 
Owner ! T°u choose Great N S location u * " " r 
ROHDE 
BUSINESS 
BROKERS 
*94 531)_______________________ 
• INVESTORS 
STUCCO 
BU ILD IN G * 
IMS Roosevelt, let IM feet fro n ­ tage 13o,88o 
1481 S GEN MC M U LLE N 
I l f ocre*. plus buhdrag. $35 OOO, owner carry toned F 
OFF 
CALLAGHAN 
RD. 
ON iC U LE B R A 
21.3 acres, Tse per sa teat Owner ca rry Coll Nathan 
HOMEBU YE RS R E 734 4715 

Loop 16o4 N E 
14 45 Acres fronting 4o8' on Leo* 
Wining 
66*o daw 
Oaks 
Subdivision 
14 *4 Acres fronting 4o8' an LOOP 
1484 NE tensing tra ct oboe* 
Can 
E D 
Gala 
(24 5414 or 
227-o1o3 

42o1 F re d e ricksb u rg Rd has at­ tic * space and covered ond un 
I covered yard space for teas* 
34 ) 7133________________________ 
GODO BUSINESS LOCATION on 
Pleasanton Rd with 14o frontage 
Rental incom e. Buy equity ond assume *23-4327, *242*22 

R o n a ld W lH lq m s o n 
H O TTE ST US ED CAR LO T in 
Town! 53oo per ma Proven tar 2o years H u rry ! IM I Cuiebra Rd 
17)5-o*61. Nites 498-m y 
LEASE 
S SS ACHES 
34oo S E M ILIT A R Y OR-211-1241 
LOOP 41o AT BANDERA ROAO 
WAREHOUSES OFFICES STORE! 
I 37 43 COLONY DRIVE R E TA IL 
OWNER Q l41324ol»71>4 
NEW L E A S E SPAC E in new 
Helotes Sheading C enti 
WEIS 
GARBER 
PROPERTIES 
349-37o*. 

ADULTS ONLY 
226-3547 
Efficiency I bdrm V65S95 
Alamo Hgts I bdreem, Clean, air, 
o2o-2179, o2o-311$ 
Alamo Huts Spurious 4 roam ovT. 
Upstairs, water pd. M ature work mg woman preferred (14-8o)7 
Apt its well m aintained T ri P l**, pa rtly tu rn , in Monte vista oreo 
Convenient ta T rinity U , SAC and 
B u s lin e , I a r 2 b d rm * , la rg e roams, a ir Recently rem odeled 
[$14o a mo Plus u tilities, awner bays Noter CALL 732 424o 

CASTLE H ILLS AREA 
$231 Bianco, townhouse apts, t-2 bedroom, J baths, tu rn unfurn All bdls od. 341-4111. 
"^5w"NfoWN"1*6it DF Figs* 
3 biks A ir, I roams, carpet, clean new decor quiet M ature tody era tarred t i* McCuttaugb (247788 to le ra n c e s , o lr bus shops $3o wk $125 mo. up Bills bd. Section 
A SU I tofll 414,oX41 

?HiViency ' 1914 W )U lsW *fo*,' air. tooter PE. 18$. 341-4ooo. 
E fficie n cy, o u i*! n * (ghborhoo’dJ* near molls, I person occupancy, no pets 142-S837 t h toy file g e n tle p a c * e t th * 
B o a rd w a lk 
Spend y o u r a fte r ­ noons chatting with friends during a game of bridge Close ta Won­ de rla n d or C e n tra l P a rk M a ll. 
Catch a b u t ta anyw here Join our com munity where att ages sh o rt th* good life 
ISIS 8West Avenue 349-42o3 
B a rry G lllingw atar Co fo rced lo ia i l'' l l 1 bura** Travel 
Troller Fully selfcan tamed A ir, tail bedroom, m ony extras W ill sa crifice Best offer if sold this w eekend 
Se* at L e t ne. O I : 
Alo mo KOA Compar ound 
For coup I # 'S r singles only i l l 
Cincinnati, 
C A LL 
72422SS s r 
735-o332.m i iiivm ------ 
APARTMENT FINDERS 
824-6351_ _ _ _ _ 

LD. GOZA 

W E A L T O R d H y - t lQ S 
M A E SAC j 3 units, colonloi W hile colum ns 
Summer porches Easy rent 
I 
MAC » * *» - ESTATE r n 7571 
NEW ABTS ANO CPTS SHOP 
I Growing with lh# neighborhood 
L o c a te d 7*o H o w a rd in N«w 
I B ra u n fe ls . Tx C o n ta c t. Jo yce 
Freemen SU *54-oo1o or *44-1113 or Barbara West et 512 (22 79*3 
OPPORTUNITY KNOCKS! i 71oo Se it m odem office bldg 
F an tastic lo cation, p a rtitio n e d and carpeted 
A R E AL G EM ! siis.eoQ 
SELL ANO LEASE BACK 
Huo 3oo investm ent Guaranteed j 17% ne! return Investor awns and benefits ti urn deer (m otion Good 
! clean, well constructed real 
J estate 
MODERN SO 
TEXAS SUPER 
M AR K ET j l l 3oo o*o sales annually Sell ar lease Priced rito»t' 
! 
JOE ETHERIDGE REALTOR 
*54 7127 g r i t * ZIM tv * * 
; 
OPPO RTUNITY KN O C K! lo c a l investor broker must sell prim e p ro p e rtie s - 39 o c rp s en US9o I west, 9o1ft on Hwy S ite ooo ; 7o acres an C o lt'ovine city lim its, ait utilities, rive r front $21o,ooo Nome your term s) 
John 
Phiipert m m ________________________ 
(PLUM PIN G SHOP 
Queriers. S3 J inventory to be 
I purchased separate, an Blanco 
(2* o64) 
714 1748 
734 4117 
WATSON B SON REALTORS 

 l l FIDS ACRES IN 
Ik o n v a lle y 
E y e rs fro n ta g e , loirad apl and office, priced right 
MI 4455 
REALTORS 
4)3 l($ f 
BARNEBEY AGENCY 
Repossessed 1ox1* P oi to to * O' hee 
Free 
Deliver y, 
Terms a i m 
____ _______________ 
S A L I LEASE 
B A L L R O O M 
L O U N G E , B IG 
CAPE Yoe Nome i f Over 4$oo 
SS It Beme refinish ed Fiesta*# terms en leestne Favurgara p u r­ chase term * 38o2 5 Z ario m o ro 
9/442o9 ALL R E ALTY 
I l i f f 17 
1*o3 S NEW B R A U N F E LS ” ' 
71oo sen masonry bide Central 
3 ,tis acres, I irrig a tio n wells. I , heel air showroom. Neon nghls, 3 tanks, tm provkm enti to* nam er both*, zoned K- Af IN-1o and New pus to m en tio n ' A ssum able tin i ErtW htoi* 34F-4SoJ, ( l l 1*o1 

- ’ ’ 
Martha m a lty R e n to n 
•$ 111- 18o* 

NW P rim * Shopomg Centers 
West M iid-brend 
Vance Jackson 
Boss* Reed 
Reasonably P riced! 
735-o941 ar 4947777 
(O F F IC E and 
W A R E H O U S E spaces starting at 42c per sp tt 
I COR Gary 
Van Buras t Assoc 
I________ *o41171________ 433 lie ; 
O FFIC E W AR E HOUSE. N o rth - side, Near a irp o rt IBM ond 1)57 sp n 
Jim 
Via 
REALTORS 
349-42/4________ 
OFFICE WAREHOUSE soave for tease, com petitive rentals, airpo rt area, ( -xii 341 1343 

Office N in ln u s t 

 te d Yard Space 
I A v o iio b i* A ll o r p a rt w ith a r without Secretary 4(5 45o5 
I S M A L L B L O G C E N T R A L L Y 
, LOCATED, ideal tor office small item outlet cleaner*, toad to pa etc 
| 115 Fredericksburg Rd. I i ) t m 

SPACE FOR LEASE 
HELOTES SHOPPING CENTER 
ON BANDERA RO 
67 4 21*1 ar 694-3447 

 m b sq ti bldg, oTTi h is 'northTsiM mo, 65588(7____________________ 
8ooo S I F I WAREHOUSE 
Dock High, iapt Clear Height 
N e a th ** Crew Industrial Pork 
TC per Sq Ft 

CALL 735-91o8 

A P T S . F U R N IS H E D 
S145. 
RIT TIMAN RO. AT IN3S 

T H E F A IR D A L E 
66oo F A IR D A L E 

6S 6*1oo1 

A P T S . F U R N IS H E D 
S145. 
RA and EV 
•A N D E R A and EVERS RO- 
H ID D E N M E A D O W 
595o W U R Z B A C H 

684-3311_________ 
Aal lo share, priva te roam " era a both. ( IM t i l Sd**, (2o )8o3 
A pl lo shore, F rivo l# reem Ohii bath, SIM. (21 )o84. I l l IM I 

PHEE SOUTHSIDE 

LOCATOR SERVICE ranees, l l and 3 bedr 
EIR d en c t . turn or unfurn $33 138o 
Aum and U nfurn (7$. (o I i i I 
Bedroom, 41o Kings Ct. 7 1 4 $ m 
• I i i Aurntaitgd I Bedroom Apis. 
A ir, Call Any Day or Eves 7.1o 
A AA. • • P.M. 333 1o(1. 
W i i i e r e i i t o i I I adream Apt. 
Air, 2 Bibs KeMy Ctot Any Day Or 
Night. I a m - ie p m 922-o834 

A s t q r L < L . 
FU RNISHED UN FU RNISH ED 
Sunshine 
342 E SUNSHINE 7344422 
' a f f U T un*fon '6 o re « . Apf 
195.oo (22-94oo, 7)5 4454 
Austin Bwv ai a W 
» North argo, i i i $85. I ond I bedroom*- turn ond u n fu rn V e ry clean, q uiet, p riv a te , u tilitie s p a rt p a id , na children, na pet* 1144o)1. 
• a u i t im n a ry o i l m e n s . bitt* pa $2$-$J7wk 13419oo 
— i i i g r rcn i w m f — 
L o v e ly , co m p le te ly tu rn , I be­ d ro o m , p e e r K t liy and S outh 
P e rk M a il O w ner pays w a te r 
O n ly $118 m g. ISS dee 
C o ll 
534 (824 today 
C e n t u r y 2 1 
W A K E F IE LD KEAL TO K) 

Aum lektK f I bedroom a p c rf^t-m 
Oil tolls pom, (14o. 4841 Son Pedro 
34i m ? , C E N TU R Y l l Roy T e a l 
Realtors i m - 6 ra n t Ave o ff H o n e a n bedroom s, c e n tra l a ir, no c h il aren PPH, bills pd f i t i m l a r p e l b e d ro o m A p l 
P u rn 
Newly renovated avail 
M a rc h U t SUS m a. 22$ 1o)9, 
(?( 2o/4 after 4 and weekend) 
Carpel ' FAdreem',"imHI I - 
Carson, 227-92o4, $JI 12o1 r n r r 'i T ' h a l l , ) room ta ro s * opt, bath a ir water pa, couples. no pe lt $9$ 
~ n v i b i t t i e W 6k i n t r - 
OROUND LE V E L DU PLE XE S 
PURN OR UNPURN 
E X C E LLE N T M AIN TE N AN C E 
H IG HLAND H ILLS APTS 
2931 E SOU THC ROSS 
$34888o 
Looking ta r tower retrt/fm pT ., yea elderly widow, near USAA, and bg spital*, must hove coe. na Bats. 
*94876* 
"MFT6 6 U6UU 6ogreY 6 W 
MODSRN E F FIC IE N C Y FURN 
E F FIC IE N C Y BURN 
SIM ta S U I 113 4TH ST 224 7333 
A»6t e L i we tone y keenwienT* end Roe rn t By O ey, Week or 
M o n th 
o12-9112, 
P E * 87*7, 
L E I O U I, CAT 4783, N e er B t. 
Sum T A I 1177 
(b a r P l Se rn I b e s e e m , nice! ctoen, remetartedt 111) me w ater bd Stan Paste * * ) 1711, 894-stti 
" T i n n f 'U H -------------- 
•Nee efficiency eel carpet, a ir, 

 i bdrm j a , w i s ; n i * w n r 
*>*»*»*?. odult*. 1*71 Contour 
| „ 
I 
N IA R R T IA M 
WAREHOUSE OR SHOP en eftav f T X -.’- V i 
, 
T I - e ir a o f i'I 
P * r x u u si ut Im h ii i i un* it 
* " • ! * .? • “ * carpeted, | Couple with child. $12$ *74 43*4 iieRr H*mitfti|^''a9ht3SSi(*S8 work lh# udy 227 p lo t 

I n i lacators ti T u ts 

Chaoeesi in Tewnt 14,888 ta ti near 32* Ai onxgs Owner (I? oo92 

 w /m ousE S 
ALL SIZES. ALL AREAS 
LOW rental* Jack Alter 3*1 41)1 

WAJtEKOUSE SPACt 
(,88o sa h new mo loury building tar veto near exerexiwey. easy terms lur strong bever 
(.aob sa i t , Masonry Building tor leos* month ie month a i tong term 
(.HH sa it building with no sa it of mc# offices Large tam ed let, near expressway 
PE AROCK, REALTORS, ( I* e ll I 
SOI W Cypres*, suitable radio. 
TV, batteries, etc 
SIM me ti* WO 

 ottt bm* pa, fie-ISI* 
I Bedroom dMbf UMities Included 
111) 25) B rehon B lvd Appoint ment only, 111 7(11 ar 111 IIM 
I sYftTMKrT T ATU .Tn iag- 
241) CASTROVILLE RD 
433 28x4 Nor mon G rim m 7)3 8874 
H i , . . r n I . » . 

WAR SM 
I I B drm *, tu rn 
Btfic. ond I B drm *, tu rn (tee 
.H K Poplar St Apts 223 449) aaa, TH S mo nice cozy T reem efficiency' apl w a le r pd 
*3 * i 
O rg y g e P , ,5*“ * fb 'h , pork rag bills pd $17, 
334 to n . 433 GSK wk aero** tram Handy Andy bhd r V J J iL - x l „ . . . L11,Lt . WLP 
YMCA 2o/ H xtngfon. 2244848 
T rinity area. 3*o M i 74*2 atter 4 I pp__ n 
T Traem *'T TTS'* me plus rfsp i C l W d i l l ieee $ SI Marys, Apl *, 23) So94 
------- roem near and dawn 
•awn, Bus, new good perking, 328 
W Hut toe ha, 124*1)1 o241)33 i ' 6 lu ct aft lrd w 'y " 'heor Bracken* ridge 
Park 
I bedroom. 
)9a 
) 341(12. 

S # *67 11)4. 447 13)3 fxe tiS S ANR NI VSS 
F U L L Y E a u ip p e d . e lf <ondt liaised, leu fig* tar Lags# l l ) f *49 
,‘ 23$ 144* 
I X FXI SS AHO N i k i 

I b e d 'aam drapes pan vied car, 
Bkt. air, Moraga area U M M otor 
POMI onto. Lockland dotty drag 
921-IMo 
"w m ituw vowm a i 
Supra«. )7Q dog , bde, m 
o8*o 
I io i i A s r n 3 o is t o " ' - * 
Nddf Pl MNK end downtown Et he Apt* EIM* Po»d, Si* per ma. 
, 227-47o2 1*24 I H m oO n. 

\ 

2 LINES $ 
I O DAYS 

N O N C O M M E R C IA L ) 
... CANCELLABLE 
WITHOUT 
RATE CHANGE 
Q U IC K R E S U L 

C P M C O R P O R A T IO N 

T h e 

C o u r ty o r d li 

2 & 3 B e d im 

A p ts . 
All Electric 
Kitchnm 
O utside Storage. N S Schools 
4411 Gardendale 
696-4892 

1. 2. an d 3 bed room 
A pts. Furnished or U n furnished. 

11721 Porliornent 
349-3149 

Quiet Home 
Style Living 

Etfie to 3 bdrm 
Townhouses w ith fireplaces 
1? floor plans. 
A dult & Family Areas 

6623 Callaghan Rd. 
696-329o 

EFFICIENCIES 
1 2 3 B edroom Flats to 3 
B edroom Tow nhouses 

3815 Porkdale 
696-3499 

T H E GREENHOUSE 
1 Bedrm. Townhouses $18b. 
72oo S. Presa 
532-7389 

 f 
O y d 
U 
B l m o r e 
L r „J and Associates 

□ frardcn S talin#- 
□ IV iv a tf Patios 
□ Prink, and Party Room 
U F ffirio n o ie s. I and 2 
Bcd room s 
□ D i'h w a n h rr, D raper and 
TV Antenna- 
□ AX alit to Northeast 
■Schools 
□ Close to F ort ham 
□ 3 M inute- to W ind sor 
Park Mall 
□ F u rn itu re 
Available 

( 
M i l a g e 
I 
A n artin en t- w 
» 

 j S e ie d o p 
We’D find yours, free. 

O f** I DAYS A WMK 
O W C a TMKHtONOUT TEXAS 

3 1 2 1 N .W . L O O P 4 1 o 
349-1737 

D ltlC T CORHEAONDBNCt TO 
4123 N C INTR A t EXPWY. 
DALLAS, TIX TS UM 

I 

L 

4 8 3 o K a v Boti D riv e 

6 5 3 - 7 3 o o 

For The Truth; 
C om pare 

Large I Bedroom, 
From $ 1 9 o . 
All Bills Paid 

Ten floor plans to choose from for exquisite adult living. All bills paid. Recreation room, large balconies, outdoor Bar-B-aue grills, teamakers, fireplaces and beamed ceilings. 

 k it s 
B r e e k 
. 

1o362 SAHARA DR 
I North of Loop 41o off San Pedro) 
349-261? 

OMC© Hoi in. 
M oo Sat VO 
Sun; 1-6 or bv appointment 

ADULT LIVING 

RO NI DOOR HJS S IIV K I 

1 -BED R O O M , $ 1 7 o . 

2-BEDROOM, $2o5. 

POOL UTILITIES PO. QOSF TO 
SHOPPING CENTER AND POST 
OFFICE 
THE 
HABITAT 
3815 WEST AVE. 
344-772o 

I 

 lill/id? 

N e ar 
Kelly-Lackland 
AFB lim ited number oF e f­ ficiencies and 
I bedroom apts. Now available. i 

58oo 
MEDINA BASE ROAD 
674-7oo4 

4o8 - HOMES, DUPLEXES, 
UNRjRIIISHED 

 bd ft A n to n io EXPRE S S N E W S -— i$un3 a y fe B ru a ry STO 
P ag e 

8o51 BROADWAY 
AN APAR TM EN T 
U n tre a ta b le os IN nom * 
1-BEDROOM, EISS. 
J BEDROOM. $21o 
U T IL IT IE S PAID 
824-oo61, 828-7393 
JO' o9 1$ W. M agnolia 
A p a rtm e n ts (ro m $1oo and u p ­ r e a r SAC, convenient shopping, bus lines Con 733 POST i i i IM.' M agnolia, dean ani., B S water paid 453 oo2* or 227-1424. 
HK HOUSES. DURUMS 

S n o is K e lw T l^ e d ro o n rT rra n !! private $o2 W ater pd. 433-9144 
T12 Baltev. Southside 4 room dup, child welcome 824 2333 
I Bedroom duplex, no pets, no children, no d rin k e rs , w ith ref. 
V95. mo. $25 dep S34-2919_______ 
3 Bedroom, HW, enrage, fence. 4 kids and Fido. $143. 
United, 73S-9I31, fee (SPPI) 
B ro cktn rid n e High, 2 bedrooms, fireplace, carpets, lust $13$ 
United, T33-P121, tee (4222) 
B ric k 2 b e d ro o m h om e. S 
S 
Sears, $143. M A 3399 or 4o4-o444. 
C arpeted I b ed roo m , w ith o lr, privacy fence, now lust $11$. 
United, 7 3 3 -fill, tee (3o43) 
Duplex, near Ft. Sam, I bedroom. 
I both, fenced, water pd. $95 m a 
o2o-2722. 
Furn. house, fened-in yard, ii ib 

JLA PLAZA* 

B 
3 4 1 -4 6 2 1 to 

B 
* I 2-3 Bedrooms 
B R 
A a Single and Family 
Sections 
® e Fireplaces g e Tennis m 115 NW LOOP 41o • 
9 
Across From 
§ 
# 
North Star Mall 
o 

• 
• 
M 
9 
9 
M 
9 
M 

I minute to IH-1o. 
Private adult and family 
$«ction. 
6 9 o -1 7 o o 
49o9 Woodston# Drive 

It’s a Beautiful Day on The Ridge 

I Bedroom Junior 
$159.oo 
AU BiUs Paid 

Choose from 9 different floor plans ..'. with extras to g o along. Fireplaces, vaulted ceilings, pool, volleyball, clerestory windows, suspended balconies . . . and more usable space than you ever imagined possible. 

H i g h 
R i d g e d 

Hillside Apartm ents 
5211 Fredericksburg Rd 
341-8221 

J B edroom . $2oo. mo. I Be­ droom , $14o mo All bills pd. 
D ep r e q u ire d . 
TH E 
T IM B E R S 
A P T S . 
N e a r 
Brooks A F B 
442 UTO PIA, 
333-4ooo 

B E T W E E N 
T R IN IT Y 1 
T H O 
M CCULLOUGH, Large One Be­ droom upstairs w ith living room, s tu d y , d in in g ro o m . R e c e n tly remodeled. For one person only. 
No ch ild re n , no pets. VMV per m onth plus bills. $13o. deposit, 4 mo. lease A va ila b le M a rch 1$. 
Coll 731 3373 o>iy dor $ til lp m brick wqfiv 
B eautifully landscaped, spacious 
2 b e d ro o m . J b a th a p t h o m e . 
French doors, very private, lorge boxed windows. Call $28-33o1 
S A. AP A R TM E N T LOCATORS s c r & O o fU ^ N A p t* -------- 
135 CLO UDH AVEN 
V ery nice 4 bedroom opts. located lust behind Shakev's P in o of the 
Austin Hwy $38-1$o3 or 124 SOU 

 p~ HILLTOP 
VILLAGE INC. 
HILLTOP CIRCLE 
KERRVILLE, TX 78o28 
512-257-7911 
A Methodist Ministry to the aging, providing 3 levels of core: Retirement, ICF-M, ICF- 
III. Retirement recites tarting of S 2 4 I month. Nursing ro- tes storting of $335 month 

Let us find yo u rs— 

2 4 H r . 
TO WNHo U5I-AP ART MINT 

L O C A T O R S 
8 2 8 -o 6 8 1 
FREE— No charge to you 
“ W f ( M iu io fia li hi tap! kw erring * 

T M n u t a 

 ma. across fro m F t Sam Cam *- tory, 921 3444 or 834 914o________ 
Furnished house for rent. garage. backyard, 1228 RIGSBY, 448 1834 k id s pets w e lco m e , cool I be- droom, p ort bills pd. IMO. Call 
United, 73S-81H, tee (S7SI) i i i mostly turn J bedrooms, has olr, washer only $12S. 
United, 7)5-911), tee <3733) 
Ma P ill I I nne7 (Universe? ciiy'V, 
3-1, air, garoge. $143. 824-7913 
139 Reef Ridge (Lackland. K e lly! 
3-1, olr, fenced. SUO. 824-7913 
ISI? io n P edro, J room upper. newly redone, water pd 
$11o 
732-2344. 
7919 Stagecoach (W estwood VII loge), 3 2. garoge. central. V19S 
824-7913. 

4o8 HOMES, DUPLEXES, 
UNFURNISHED 

EL DORADO 
IMMHNATl OCCUPANCY 
Beautiful 3 bedroom, 2 both, den with firepans, equipped kit 
(hen, raised dining ursa large covered patio and fenced yard 
On comer lot with side goiage entrance SMS mo 
124-1477 
659-1933 
ASSOCIATED 
REALTY 

CHOICE RENTALS 
4422 CASTU NIN 3 I .. SIBS 
48o6 CASA CORON* 4 2 1 $21o 
5o5o LANCELOT 3 2 2 
$2So 
4111 HIU5WIND4 2 2 
$3oo 
12521 SANOflPfd 3 2 2 $3oo 
MANY MORf 
TO (HOOS! (ROM 
Call 8 2 8 -5 7 o 4 

CENTURY 21 

•OI H O W S. B U T O . 

(OMIOMf S. DUPLEXES. 

 ilHtUHW ISHtn 

INUNDERBIRD HILLS 
411o R a in c lo u d 
3 b e d ro o m , 2 1 bath, double garage w ith a ll ap pttances Quick move in, m ilita ry i cla use in leose SHO m o n th ly 
H u rry on this one 
C E N T U R Y 21 
Kelly Lackland R ealty 
474 l i l t j 
------------ 
B e a u tifu l liv in g , c a re fre e , con veniently located. 1-2-2 G arden patio to garage Fireplace 
THE G O LDEN K EY 
•M><i>-tment Locators 828 3739 

 t w 6 hod rooms,' I brith i.irge ll v ' m g. co m p le te k itc h e n , w a sher d ry e r, no p e ts. $2oo m o n th ly , includes woter 3419144 
I H ow ard Tate. R E A LT O R , CEN 
TURY 21 
UT s a "& r'C A ~ 3 beef roo rn. 2 both I rock home w ith fireplace, built-in kitchen, IS acres. J stall barn and < pond $4oo mo. 222-2282. 
S O TTV illogeR ow ^TN TY l I. air stove. $17o mo. 824-7911 
W tW s 6 & T r a i l 'A f f t A. J be d ro o m . c e n tr a l H A. p r iv a c y fenced, corner lot, 
$259 mo 
474 75o9 

BQI BUSINESS OPPORTUNITIES 

DON’T READ 
THIS AD 

' 
* 
I u n l t o t v y o u m t a n 

 b u B iiH » f » . Q u a l i f i e d a p p l i c a n t * n o w 

 b a t in g c o n s i d e r e d 

 c 
BUSINESS 
OPPORTUNITIES 
© 
G 
D 

RENTALS NOW 
AVAILABLE 
NORTHWOOD A FARK NORIN 

3-2 2 s - family room • hreploce. 
Ft Som Area 3 citon oportments ten! reasonable1 Will furnish 
824-2391 

Z S iV E A M O W B tt rt\ OEAifruM 

7 lb l f i n Glen Bay i Bedroom, I both and I Bedroom, 2 both near 
Randolph and F o il Sam Houston. 
341 7831, 479-7222. 
3T T 5S X F 5 
3-2-2, fenced y a rd . NE Schools 
$23o with I yr. lease 144-o293 
NW 

•5 1 9 Rf Mandalay# 
24-den, ca rp e t, oft SANT»edro, storage, $173 Brenner 344 3471 
Your 6w n Shangri la. (b d rm . I bath, patio 828-89o3 nltes 
412 -ROOMS, FURNISHED 

ALLHA HOTEL 
Reasonable, dotty, weekly rales, downtown. 315 N Mom 
414 

 n r n i ' g - M ? ■ f f l w w m i r 
R o o m m a te ne e d e d (fe m a le ) prefer 3o4 349 8431 

416 ROOMS WITH BOARD 
TlamTTJgTs^o^g^^om^ol^ \ | b o th , r e fr ig e r a to r , e m p lo y e d ! mole only. 822-1371. 

418 WANT TO RENT OR LEASE 

AAAAAA Home of your own can be yours tor as little as $2oo down and payments less than rent No credit? No problem ! 
JBJ Realty 474-8883 A N Y TIM E 
A Choice Of V t bedroom' homev lo re n t. Leose w ith option to buy 
Own your home NOW I $19o to $3oo 
RIO. 
GASE BA KER R E A LT Y CO 
49o-899o Eves 494-88o3, 342-7712 
KFY GROUP oss fro m St. M a ry 's U 
Across fro m St M a ry 's U 
2 1, 
$143, plus deposit. 127 Colgote 
Ed Klolbosso I 831-1493________ 
Alam o H q f\ a re a . i b ed roo m , c o rp e ts , d ro p e s , fir e p la c e , fenced. $2oo 
United, 733-9121, tee (3741) 
Alam o H ut* Schools. 4 -i-f, cen- fro ) a ir heat, app lia n ce s, lease req $295 428 4887______________ 
A nice 2 b e d ro o m d u p le x , ap- p Ba rices $13$. (Oft St Cloud) S I) 
John Adams, 144-1113 
A t*T i ALL 6V efe Y 6 w n -------------- 
TEXAS APT. LOCATORS 
349-3483 • NO FE E 
A ttractive 4-2-1, In Volley Forge, fireplace, M s of extras. USO. mo. 
433-3888, O wner-LE EA 
Att- ai Tty J 'm F J bertrc><wrTho!h a p p lia n c e s , fe n c e d , c a rp e t, schools. SKX). 221-4444, 225-1783 

HACifeNDA b E L i 6 l 
1o8o4 BALTIC 
1 - 2 - 1 bedroom apis for lease, fireplace, some poolside A v a ila ­ ble M arch I. Call Crls Bowen 
341 1 
3 
3 
4 
________________ 
4 J Includes stove, re frig e ra to r, d is h w a s h e r a n d d is p o s a l. 
N S.I S D $285 mo A v a ila b le 
M ar IS 484-433o. 344 42o7 
D E AN IE 
OWENS 
CO.- 
REALTORS__________ 
In d ia n C reek, I I c a rp o rt, a ir. ra n g e , r e fr tg SIAS p lu s dep. 
731 3o17 Atter SPM______________ 
J itte r von 7 bdrm , hoi "un pl., olr, full corpet, $143 Call 
United. 73S-9IH, tee (3773) 
K id s pets welcome, I bdrm , Only 
$125 E xtra storage, fenced 
United. 73S-9I2I, tee (3742) 
Lor Stand area 
(a rtic le d (b d rm house, fenced yard, d rye r washer connection, ofter 4 471 5991 

M iddle aged couple w ith sm all poodle would Uke ta rent 2 or J bedroom. 2 bath, townhouse, with w a s h e r-d ry e r c o n n e c tio n s , in 
Northeast Perm anent w ith good references 434-o4o3 
W AN Y e d to rent double garage | tar storage, reasonable. 438-o194 
Won! lo rent approx, 4,oo6 sa it unturn house in NE p art of town, 
227 3474 befor 3 PM 

5o1 BUSINESS OPPORTUNITIES 

CONDOMINIUM 
FOR RENT. 3 bedroom . I bath, wet bar. washer and dryer. Other extras included Call rig h t away. 
$43o plus dep 341-8134 

GREENBRIER APARTMENTS 
(Just off Bro€»dway and Loop 4 1 o , C lo s* to 
Crow n To w a r Bldg.) 

» LARGE I BEDROOM LUXURY APTv S2oo. 

> REASONABLE MOVING ALLOWANCE 

» Home like atmosphere • Party house 

» Pool • Adults only • Bills pd. 

Also 2 bedroom ap*s. 
8535 GREENBRIER 
8 2 8 -4 2 o o 

4o1 APABTIItNTS-HIRN 

^ o c T n C w B rS ^ ^ a tc o n E lm l^S and McCuMoogh and IH M Near bus, a d u lts oaly. No pets F u r­ n is h e d I b e d ro o m , u p s ta irs . 
W ater od $ n $ w ith dep 4 Mo 
Lease 224-3 tot a tte r 4 and wee | heads, 494-8738 
I 

NORTHEAST NO LEAST 
A ttr a c tiv e t-b a d ro p m . d is h washer, shag. poof Bills pd $14$ and ap $23 Dep IO Min, Ft Sam 
311o E IS E N H A U E R a tt H a rry 
W urtbach 822-9)93 
N orfh ii a r U o U o re a L u xu ry ) and I b e d ro o m . $)$$ and UP 
LORI E L 
APTS 
ISS R am part 
342-74oC 

6 R # H u a kn a r R d J b e d ro o m mobile heme, turn o ir, 824 o317 
I. I or i roam s. 1743 M u lb e rry. 
Con 432 9$ IO 
T I h T U i m i U t k H 
------- 
34o1 B IE N V IL L E DR OM Weidner rd M odern I Bedroom 443 1443 

PECAN VALLEY 
Golf Club Apts. 
34So F. SOUTRCROSS 
3339o2o 
— i t is e m r i U Tb H r d — 
Southside I bedroom apts, c a r­ peted. pool. close to shop ping, schools 
A ll b ills pd I t l l m o. 
917 4o81 813 138) 
F riv o ls sm all house, bills Pd bus. 
2 room y shower, 732-8714 
IU Queen Ann Court, $138 bdls pord 1889 W Summit $123. water p a id . Itv in p . b e d ro o m , b o th , kitchen xptMHsiment 8348X34 
U oommof*" Aum tm.Tti Mole I " 
We hove S8ve< ut people look me te r o c o m p a tib le p e rso n C a ll 
M atchm aker Inc 344-112$ 
TXT 

APARTMENTS FURN 

SUNSET BIOGE APTS 
Lorge I and 2 Bedrooms 
From $14o (unturn $122.38) 
IU VANDERH EC K 824 2349 
OFF 44oo N NEW BR AUNFELS 

TALLYHO 
MOBILE HOME INC. 
1383 NORTH PAN AM 
123-37)8 
MON FRI 9-4 

CONVENIENCE 
Loop 41o-Vonce Jackson Rd 
P A R K LIK E GROUNDS 
2-BEOROOM $23$ B ILLS PO 
PA RKDALE APTS. 342-o19) 
D e lu xe o p t 
I b e d ro o m , fu lly equipped kitchen, la undry room, e x ce lle n t lo ca tio n , u tilitie s pd. 
SUS mo 494 4494.8241o88 
D uplex, IM Sutton, c e n fro l o lr heat. 3-9-3, carpet, drapes, like new. $14o 4o4-o748. 4948542. 

EDEN ROC APTS 
119 JACKSON K E LLE R 
C o m fortab le liv in g Y o u 'll love our I or 7 bedroom nots, lust oft 
Son P edro N ear C e n tra l P a rk and N o rth S tar M a lls No c h il­ dren, no pets Reasonable prices. 
178 4411 

-------------F A i i f l i t IC------------------- 
L u x u rio u s 2 b e d ro o m 2 b a th , lo v e ly la rg e k itc h e n w ith ttem oker, HOO sa t i, North con­ tro l area. $24o bills paid 
APAR TM ENTS U N L IM IT E D 
S26-o681 

WINDCREST 
• • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • A 
APARTMENTS 

 luxury living in Northeast 
San Antonio 

TROM $215 
656-o182 
8835 WILLMON WAY 

I Bedroom a pa rtm e nt in cluding range, dishwasher and re frig e ra ­ tor S IU mo. 484433o. 344-42o7 
D EAN IE 
OWENS 
CO. 
REALTORS 
3~ 8Eb6o64A 
A F F L U N tfe i, fenced. SITS 
4 bedroom, huge den, appliances. 
S24S. 
I bedroom, hreploce, appliances, 
SUS. 822-1 $52. 822 3o11 
NORTHEAST REALTY 

 toe LADDIE 
2 b e d ro o m . I b a th , h e a t, a ir , stove, retrtg , garoge $143 
732-7987STEVE M A R T IN 735-o825 hea l opp! 

3 bedroom. 7 both duplex 
Near 
La ckla n d . K e lly . 878o m o n th ly. 
484433o, 344-42o7 
DEANIE 
OWENS 
CO. 
REALTORS 

Large J -M , den al carpet, fenced. SUS. 
United, 733-9111, tee (S M I) 
5-1, large yard $ so (leu sn mo, 
343 W HA RLA N , 923-1833._______ 
5-1-3 like new, dishw ash er, cor- peted, by W indsor Stark M all. $218 mo 491-9213 a tte r S weekdays r n r «~ ;w ' y r r w ifn lorge' T r r T 
| p lo ts , de n , c o rp e t, b u ilt In s. 
Camelot ll. $373 mo. DOO dep Call collect 1-1142442, Boerne, Tx. r m . r o - r r r . n B abcock NorTh 
W a s h e r, d r y e r , s to v e a n d re I frig e ra to r Includ ed. Im m e d ia te : occupancy. 
$273 m o 484411o. 
34442o7. 
D E A N IE OWENS CO 
L5 v f r V B o F C ¥ x ----------- 
IO U E ve n in g D un, I m i. n o rth 
C e n tra l P a rk M a ll, 2 bedroom , bath and a half, garage, u tility room, washer d rye r connections, fenced y a rd . w a te r p a id . y a rd kept, $723 731-14o4 
Luxu ry 2-1-1, control weather, all appl pets ok $19o 
U nited, 715-9111, fee ($8o1) 
Mot Artf»ur-ISOJ k night llob.n 

• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
I 

J 
WAKEFIELO-STAROUST • 

• 
APARTMENTS 
• 

Ideally located on buJtnt I, 2, and 3 bedrooms SIM lo 
USO On lector r.ross from 
North Star Mall 

85o6 WAKEFIELD 
344-4558 

8 o 8 8 8 o o o 

 o ff h 1 ooiiwOV, lo rge J’ be d ron upstairs opt $13o 821 7143 

1 Aedroom, 2 bath. livin g room, dining room, study, big den, huge vord, Thunderbird H ills, 4844o9$ or 433-3oo3 
2 bedroom. I both, air. Lee ichoaf 
D istrict, SUS mo. Bob M cGinnis 
Realtors 349-1121, ask tar Peggy 
I BFBROOM. I-ca r garage. V H I 
3 BEDROOM, 2 bath, range, re ­ frig . $18o. 
Century 21 
D E L A N E Y H E A L IT 4$JO$$o 
I bedroom duple'!"," 1839 D a m on 
St $3o mo 224o337. 
I Bedroom tam ed, oarage. $41'. mo Call 2244984 atter la m ______ 
A lg 2 b d rm , s e p a ra fe d in in g , stave, fenced, only 8I7S. 
United. 735-4)1), tee ($743) 
A illt o r 7 b d rm house, a p p l! fenced, covered patio. $1oo 
United, 734-41 l l , tee (3741) 

3-2-1, carpet, na pets, $19$ 
W alton 8 San 
344734o Watson 8 San 814o443 
$9o Mn 
$45 Bop 4)1 F lconor™ 
341-o114 
M odern 3-1'« I. cent a ir, heat, carpet, appl u tility shed, fence. 
United. 735-9121, fee ( S ill) 
M o d « r‘.'d u p le x , 8614 S la rc re s l, o do its only, 49411o7, 432-4o2o 

FONTMNBLEAU APTS 
1235 E. M U L B E R R Y 
Luxu ry I iv Mg a i reow n obie price 
Large beautiful I and I bedroom oafs Lorge pool, next door ta Ft. 
Sam and I bike tra m B ra c k e n ­ ridge Golf Course. Seconds from downtown, m in fro m N o rtb Star ond Windsor P ark Matts 8243oo1. 

KNOER LOVING CARE 
C overed wolfc w ay fro m ca r ie i a p l. foundry and m ailbox area so 
I you won I eel drenched, la rg e r room s so you won t b a rk your shins 142-9111 824 1394 and see 
THE KINGSTON APTS i 
22o1 Vance Jackson For TLC j Yfcree (on shore a i be'dnsM'“ opt lo t the Boardw alk tar SUO each 
I Pool, c lu b ro o m o n d la u n d ry 
I Close to 
Central 
P ark and 
W onderland 
I 
J SIS West Avenue 34942o) 
B a rry O illingw ater Co t v M W i f 6 * ¥ b ^ U h l t V 
G ARD EN PATIOS 
CLUB ROOMS 
GYM ANO SAUNAS 
17 I BEDROOMS, 17 BATHS 
BISS ta 127$ BILLS PAID 
PARK TOWNE APTS 
434 4191 
2o11 BAN D ERA ROAO 
Between Hrtlcrost and CoHoehen 
ISIS W Montour, (near 37oo to n 
Pedre ), 2 bedroom turn opt $148 water pd 824 7913 

GREENWICH VILLAGE 
ID E A L LOCATION 
J BEDROOMS, FURN $13$. 
U T IL IT IE S PAID 
HS JACKSON K E LLE R 
_______ 824-9871_______ 
Hug*. L O V I I V L bedrel rn, 7 b alli apl home I SOO SO FT Beautifully located, wolk to malt ONs V $79o. 
Bills pd 
A PAR TM ENTS U N L IM IT E D 
828-o681 
_____ 

 fa ta l! r ftu 
, ‘ 
$9o pius dog t i $1434 

SOUTHCENTRAL 
I Bedroom (in tu rn U IS 
I Bedroom. Furn, $148 
7 Bedroom, U nturn Bt SO 
I-Bedroom . Furn SITS 
C e n tra l b e a t a ir , e x tra la rg e roams, near South side Glebe 
*27 SBM 
_______________ 
SOUTHSIDE SINGLES 
I S I ? ? MO FURN I 

WHY SETTLE FOR LESS or ever pay 
W ILSHIRE APTS 
Block of F t Sam North Gate 
8249139. 8241 $94 
" w w m i k 

IF YOU Q U A LIFY 

I Bedroom I Bath IU 2 -II9 9 
I Bedroom -I Bath $159 S ill 
I Bedroom I Bath $179-5244 
All U tilities. Central Au- ond Heal. 
B e frig e ro te r. Range 
D isposal 
D raperies. TV Antenna. $to<ug<- 
Units and M ere A p pro xim ate ly 
1$ M inutes from M ilita ry Bases. 
924-o41o 
2914 Roosevelt Ave 
L ltA H S t ttT IPTf-------- 
LU XUR Y I and 2 bedroom opts 
1171 BAND ERA RO 4311214 
LAROE 
I bedroom, I bath, covered polio or balcony, tats et closet space, covered parking 
THE HERITAG E 
I H I babcock at NW L a w 41o 
M I 1228 
113/8 I K f T f 8 P6I» U U “ 
GROUND LE V E L DU PLE XE S 
FURN OR UN FU RN 
EX C E LLE N T M AINTENAN CE 
H IG HLA N D HILLS APTS. 
2911 E SOUTHC ROSS 
$34 88o8 

OFF SUNSET ROAD 
$11o ta r new I b ed roo m a p a rt­ ment with central a ir 7918 Teak. 
141-4134 
SPECIA REALTORS 

 o n i m e r ftv c 1 b i w i z i m n i u 
ANTONIO L a ig e 3 bed roo m , 2 bath. covered biont terrace 
THE HERITAG E 
1343 Babcock al NW L a w 41o 
883-IWB 

PLANTATION HODS! APTS 
I bdrm 814o, townhouse 8223. OU bills pd 1447o92. n i H r i 6 v m 
------------- 
All our opts have large patios ar b a lc o n ie s , s to ra g e ro o m w ith 
•v e ry apt ond lots et closet space 
J bedroom I bath or 2 bedroom. 2 both Coll today 
THE HERITAG E 
1341 Babcock el NW Loop 41o 
M U M 

* REGENCY HOUSE 
I ANO 2 B e d ro o m o p ts , p re s ligtouslv located en H a rry W u ri bach across from FT SAM G elt 
C ourse 
F ro n rS J lS , b ills pd 
824 ISSI. 824 218$. Sib3331 

S135 SISO. 
BLANCO RD ond BASSE RO. 
1-2 Bedrooms Gas Water Pd 
4831 B A tlL WOOD M I 37o1 
B ring the kids. 2 F„i. m house, lo r 
$7$. No lease 
United, 735-91 l l . tee (4o43) ir in g the k.as. bdrm nous*, ior 
$73 No lease 
United. 713-9131, ta# (4o41) m r r r a d o c M d w » i c r " :' i 8 i | 
1o7 Ballard b l fenced stave 
$14o 
BA R H EBE V AOB MCY 
MI-4435 d liy vie w , 3 bo lt In plus refrtg. tanced tar OU CoU 
United, 734912), lee (3871) 
Close enough to commune rent oui house in 

SECU RITY 
PLUS 
Apts. of Distinction 
Efficiencies • I and I bedrooms 
Furnished and Unfurnished 
THE VILLA FONTANA 
111 BRACKENRIDGE AVE 
(OFF 27oo BROADW AY) 
828-1191 

Off S. Flores and S S M ilita ry Dr 
I Bear aam, a ir. carpel, waler pd. 
1118 922-921o MMK Apl I 
4o4 JMITHaiTHWafMI 

 i i i b k i l 
Doi. I 'm i ’u u y T T B cest ta move in J bedrooms $144 
Start May 
1st 
No credit necessary. 
4o4 743oWAYNS SLATE RS84 4 U9 
L tllU T IK U l WAV 96 LIV I 
Large trees, covered te rra ce . } bedrooms. I or I baths, tarde eta sets, owe.illUI« Fee 1st. 
VMC HERITAG E 
IM I Babcock at NW Loeb 41o 
___ 
M i t n t 
• 1 'V lT ie U 
U T O tlF U T T r o iT lo U M Apis in pool. shag ca rp e t b i* garden Complex, near Bracken 
R ubins N e s iI r ia g * bk T rin ity U ond Down town View of City Peel Laundry 
Man 

LOCKHILL APTS 
New I b ed roo m , la rg e w a lk -ill 
I cloeefs. Northwest, $178 un Ask tar Lonnie Thomas. M I BIBI, or t 
♦ v n ro g s ond weekends 

L IB TOWNHOUSE 
I Bedr oom s, afr, t w i HIO Water od I otto ISO El M 1o4o8 Ira Ne 
POH MI4444. 494 $478, 8244227 
T D Y Jo liBU f'A 6o1Y U\7!ff6~ 
I Bedroom. 2 Bath Townhouse 
W ILLIAM SBUR G 
SQUARE 
APTS, 
MS 229) 
Nl A i ' T T U k l 

*9 . fa n ta s tic k itc h e n 
Apt $38 Hot Wells Blvd $314311 
^ ^ 
UU. mu-Trr,» cf I bedrooms 16dS I M odern and c o m io rtable for young m arrieds w ith a smaU child The BoardwaM offers 3 be droem s onfurn ta# $29o I pools, club room u<’4 w undry Close ta 
W onderland ond Control Park 
IIM Wool Avenue M f 47o) 
Bewry Ollbndwafe r Ce im MUMbie to CAU 
IS >38- id eo 
• m e tis ANO NI W I 

Oder. M U L B E R R Y T E R R A C E 
APTS U H E M ulbe rry 812 3414 
I fco8.o^n. tiffs p a lj is is 
122) Oumtano Rd 927 4422 
SIU UHLS V ilL lftt 
Apartm ents and Townhouses 
S IU up 1847 Robe ack 1449724 

 upstairs aal 813o VB 7143 

 l l Bedroom duaiex, stave, refrig , enter od Couple with child $1oo 
8M 8M9 
; H T S T T T T S ^ S H ir T y F T r T T T a room > garage, tanced, air. 814o mo 43$ $2)4 
Nv.u, f ! s.,rn, taros 2 bedroom. 
$11$ Water pd 82o433$ 
; B oT aY b i w t l u w t i r m 
T 
Own. Yes Own. b l CP, in Am or 
, leone $1oo down, $13o mo 
[J A J REAL TY $74ooo) Anytime 
; N J I.''near I M f .n f e T T B re e i bedroom w ith tiro p ta ce end oil e le c tric k itc h e n S ilt , u tilitie s 
.tu rn. M M J IP or 3oo4HQ 
_ 

TENDER LoVIN6 CARE 
Covered w olk way fro m c o r to op t. laundry and m ailbox area so you won t o d drenched, la rg e r room s so you won t b e rk y o u r 
Shins $41911) l l s 1394 end see 
THE KINGSTON APTS 
23o1 Vance Jackson For TLC 
TH t l E L m 
F T TMT A K T i 
Jut) W M ISTLETOE 
733-9344 
7)3-4o91 
BY AP PO IN TM E N T O NLY l-B s d ro o m , SD S 
3 -B e d ro o m tow nhou se, IIM Sa t i hreploce. 
I 'r b o th , 
$313 
7 b e d ro o m i iw nheuM . IMO s a lt,, I .bath m s 
. _________ 
THE B iL K N A P ASMS APTS 
MU W M ISTLETO E 
71b9244 
TIV4891 
BY APPO IN TM ENT ONLY 
|t- io d r o 4 m . I t l l t-B o d ro o m townhouse, IIM sa I i Hreploce. m b p th , S i ll } B e dro om tow n house. 128o SB-Ii. t* tBpRl. M I* 

TM TAHITIAN 
) 4 r O ( M * , T | W , $2*o 
• Bedroom I Bulh, 13oo Sd It $>9o 
The lo cation is se conve n ie n tly located a second tam tty car is net 

W hy 
SA, when you con rent ISO acre ranch 4 m l SW of 
B a n d o ra a n d g re w y o u r ow n v e g e ta b U s -b a o f? N os o ld e r 2 bdrm . I both house, I wafts, tank, com fortable outhouse, end lets of earns. SISO m o4 utttitiee. 7)47731. n s i r n 
► i i i i n h i t i t 
A N D TH O U S A N D O AKS ) be dnxwa TH borne tanced. stave ond re frig e ra to r. E x tra nice. O nly 
HOO p t r m o n th . C a ll 434-3ooo 
D EAN IE 
OWENS 
CO. 
R tA L T O R S ____________________ 
C o lo n u s N o rth . 4 b e d ro o m . I bath. 33oo mo. 3443o41 tu t# ta tto o s , ) bdrm , sieve, re trig, odutts. bus o24o911 i l l 6 o « n v lo w , kovofy I bdrm , I both, tanced yd. appl, a va il Fob l l , 319o mo U47438 opp t amy 
6'6 ' V6U w a H t I ? rani • T B S * w ith option ta buy or own your own boma# 8)oo448o mo Com 
INTBRSTATS 81o47Si IM 3 pm o e /K C iV } koJroom s: I la Hi, taUy carpeted and drape, caniral heal a ir, stave, rpfrtaprptor. dish washer 2742 Naeopdeches Read. 
321$ 8244388 
REAVIS R E A LT Y CO b u p le x n e a r H e llv w p e 6 P o rk newly decorated deluxe features, lease 494 3894 
|A J T W A 6 d v T C T I5 T -------- 

A ttractive Ib e droem , with fenced lei. steve and # e trig«raior. Only 
SIM me SM dep Call I aday 
PALO ALTO 
Large ) bedroom , ivy both w ith ca rp e n ond central heal $19o mo rhea I r • - - 

MONTE VISTA 
I bed roo m , I b o th u p s ta irs , ' t both d o w n s ta irs 
L a rg e room s w ith separate dining Ail redone. 
I '.MI mo 8143471 
Move in new) ie m e d e le d duplex! garoge, fenced, storage $125 
United, 7 3 > -fiii, foe ($971) 
Near W. 5 am , 3 boJrocim i h oHT fenced. $4o «1» >711________ 
N eor K e lly , I b rjr o o m , clean! p .' vats, bus. $49 4)3 9144 
Neor L o ctio n d newly rtttit* m o i od. I b e d ro o m . I b a th , lo rg e tanced yard, available now $14o mo. 4 7 b llM 
I 
N«*o, M p d u o l Center, S I I. cen i 
H oi hoot and olr, large fen, pd lot. 
$29o per mo plus dep 494 71oo 
B e er" 'W in d s o r'“8 ti * M o ll! k it schools. 3 bedroom. 2 both. 3 cor g a ra g e , c o m p le te ly c a rp e te d . I 
Fenced $27$ . cheaper than buy-1 lag 4354711, U 3-114o____________| 
NPO, W omlprlond hr ic !, 3 2. con trot, corpet, fenced. 1244217 After 
|P M 
_______________ 

U -5 - C le a r, T b r ti r",rom h u m s , c o r- 

^HAV! TH! WORLD’S^ 
MOST FAMOUS 
TRADEMARK 
MAK! MONITOR 
YOU! 

Marketing co accepting ap plications far mea distil butors for the most highly advertised product nome in the business world 

Bono fide business with im mediate cosh How No exp required 
Betoil accounts pre established 
Continuous compony support 
High earnings 
Min investment 
, 53,o9) for complete detoils 

CAU C O LLI CT 
NIR. O’BRIEN 

8 1 3 -8 6 4 -1 5 o 2 

Q G ARETTE S U R W 
DISTRIBUTORSHIP 
Fart or UN limo 
Immediate need rn Son Antonio and/or tunoundmg towns for dntnbutors, AN retail outlets ore secured by compony, therefore no produce selfing 
Become distributor for loch nahonoMy od vs rh sod agorettes rn Wloiton. 
Cornels. 
MoHbero. 
Boll 
Mall, 
Sol ems. I aals,lent, etc lo quohty you must hove • cor J-B hrs per week (beys or oyes) 
137oo cosh investment required for mere information write Ie ogAtm* division m r 
7 o Box 14, leiemeod, Ca 9177o include yow phone ne 

 petal*, tanced yard STM mo 
ROSSI R E A LT Y 

WATERFRONT 
24 Unit Motel 

 cwt , plus re f trailer 

R E A L TY 
4947781 

 n | on a u lo i cu l de soc, J l l. p riv a c y fo n c o . c e n tra l, ta rg e coun try kitchen w ith appliances i end b uilt in ! $37$ mo SIM (tap 
Call collect I DO 2443 Boerne. TX I m 
W T Y L ! V C I ------------ 
U lt * BC L A IR . ON Locknut Sol m a. I and 2 bedroom s. SUO to 
SIM ***7114. 711 7194, 411 7741. 
N ic e 2 "b e d ro o m hou se! n e a r I 
Lockland and Kelly, Call otter 4. 
33)4499 

W ith M anagers 
4 5 space travel park, 
4 2 5 ft w a te rfro n t rights on 
Aransas 
Bay 
Swim m ing pool, large live oak trees, good fam ily business, priced ngh tl 

C E N T U R Y 21 

ITSCHNER REAL ESTATE 
5 1 2 — 7 2 9 -5 4 4 4 
ROCKPORT, T fX A S 
A R A M S A S PASS, T iX A S 

NO CRED IT N E E D E D ■ 
W hy not ow n your own hom e? 
Just S IM down* F rom $139 per month 923 t?o4. 47347U, 4747389 
FAT MCVEY REAL ESTATE 
N orfh ce n fro l I b d rm h o s appl m r, cp $)$$ 
United, 7)$-9111, lee ($821) 
B S KT'flt ' I Ki H iU ' i-------- 
Beautiful ) bedroom. 7 baths, don. , electric kitchen, central heal air, double garage. 
$28$ 
341 72o1, 
REALTORS. 

 phone num ber lo 
E l l d T iT T d y n with nr.p iuTn 
P roU sH oiiol Accounting 

■ K 
U.S. POST A O I 
DISTRIBUTORS 
SAK, H O M . cm ho**., tone d eh new) in Sin etna Aw Out 
Hyfiiy p.,Ai.WW. .aw. 
Anencai t 
,J*1I paitol m a in . w irta xhn.i 
Na I Nil na nwkaf AN totononi 
. until A .if by i.nayir, iron MI a, I IMW. you daA 
(NVISlMiNI RKNMMo 
$ 2 8 o o 
WtH»ww8i9bwWe4— a— ta,) 
STAMPS 
29)1 Atar Arthur I M A U S 
Rm*|ta»* BbaCk, CA 9266o 
(714) 752UGI 

YOUR OPPORTUNITY 
ACTUHNG COMPANY 
KKT I XX KW CTfWI 

 in your area. You are. not applying far a (abl You ara applying far a vary high profit 

 b u s in e * * # 

NO IXPCRIENCE 
NECESSARY 

NO SfUJNC MVOIVfD. 

W a nood paapia 

 an. Your Postage 
Ditpansing 
Reuta will ba established by us. W a provide campi*to training. 

INVESTMENT REQUIRED 
$3,ooo-$9,ooo lf you have a desire to offset today's 
Inflation, sand name, ad­ drest and phone number ta: 
RI 

UNITED POSTAGE 
CORPORATION 

172o REGAL ROW 
DALLAS, TX 9S23S 
PMONE:(214)63o-4525 

MAMUf ACTUONG COMPANY 
o *» r TOO aflaunt.. Ow na. arttl rob. working ar naa- 

HNf MIX KAN 8 LITA U t A NT 
Owrva. i i yr*., Orow $11o,ooo 
Nat. $17,ooo yr. Oood par*Ina 
83S.OOO. Vann. 

POI YGE AWING 6 INVESTIGATION tow o«ounf» 
WIN tooth naw 

$ r r s < > o ^ H 
5 ,o o o o 
*»• 
TAPIS, tfCOBOJ, JfWELRT kodak t a j j - , aka fixtura., 
Ijg o o o 
' ” *** * ,5 o o ° ' 
TAST KfOO OPEtATTON 
A lia la ga. Ow na, ie yr*. Alway* bu.y. Nor. $14 OOO yr., B i 1.oo6 
PHUN RESTAURANT NORTHf AST 
W fth ml .od drink iawnga, gra.. 
Itta 84o.ooo mo. ikort nr. , goad laaao. m w *13o 843.ooo Jn 
OiSkvtMTt inriiM 
I . , a Hon t p a A h a 
Load. ai ogpt mawaymakor. 883oo 
Tom*. 

NA. Ana hmtwro., Oro.. 8 1 3 3 *o o 

Not. 823.ooo yr. 88.ooo 4 S*o*k 
BUSY NORTHStDf RESTAURANT 
, i M i.ad drink.. Sa at* 11O. O rau at* 
84o.ooo yr. 
818o ooo 
I 
>3o,ooo dn 

I ARG! RUST WASHA URIA 

•USY POOL HAU 
M I.ad drink* Moi. 82ooo mo 
813.ooo dn. Ma l om g.tition 

N I GROOMING SALON 6 SUPPUIS 
Tap toot batt (Mantola le i 13 yr. Mat. 81o.ooo yr, 83.ooo dn 

SEVERAL M1XID DRINK CLUBS 

87.31 

 m r. goad parking 
N ara. a. tXaUSIVI BEAUTY SALON 
3 Opa rotor, y o u 883.ooo 
) 14.ooo yr goad iaoM. 
Not. 
396 dn 
(LL (JaccLojyti Ox. 
735-9458 
2oo3 N. MAIN 
735-8611 

SOI BUSUIItSS OPPORTUNITIES 

Accounting Clients 
S m all to m e d iu m w rite .u p to r sale G uaranteed Send name and , 

POTENTIAL 
$21o PER WIEK 
PART TIM! 
$65o PER WEEK 
FULL TIM! 

DIS1RIBUTORSHIP lin t time offered fhn area 
Immediate earning* 
N o selling necessary 
This is 
NO T vending 

WL PROVIDE b Multi 
Million 
Dollar 
Companies 

 b Dignified 
Reputable 
Business 
• Prestige Accounts 
• Compony 
Doming in 
Your Area 
• Continuo! 
Compony 
Assistance 
• f .pension 
Pnvilegos 
• Full Bookkeeping Sys tem 
• Guaranteed 
Buy Bock 
Agreement 

YO U PROVIDE 
• Top Character 
Refer encei 
• Desire To Attain High et Earnings 
• Desire To O wn Your 
O w n Business 
• Ready To Stort In 3 o 
Days 
• Applicant must have adequate working cap itol of $ 4 ,2 o o 

Ta Receive 1.1 or rn or ion 
Aud CeeOdeetiel AppR fattens, 
CALL COLLECT 
MR PALMER 
(3 o 5 )8 3 1 3 o o 6 
OI WRtft (IMO UOf PH OMI NO ) u n u m , 47o E LUKMAN 
CASSELBURY, RA, 227o7 

Investment 

Opportunity 
Apartments 

HUD invites bids for 

Multifamily 

Properties 

Soo od in the 

Business/ 
Financial section of this newspaper. 

Bf AUTY SALON 
NORTHWEST 
AREA 
Folly iq u ip ee d 
7 O i.. ro to r w o p located In 
Glen O aks Center 

3 7 3 1 E v * r $ R d . 
6 8 4 - 2 2 2 3 
6 8 4 - 2 6 6 6 
6 8 4 - 2 3 2 4 

WHAT DO “YOU” REQUIRE 
FOR A BUSINESS OF YOUR OW N? 
□ fmanual independence with minimum risk? 
(J Dignified business important to your community? 
Protection, training ond continuous help by Notional 
Compony? 
"Turn-Key" business with low oveiheod ond high profit? 
Expansion opportunities with 6 liguie potential? 
Participate in National growth of Holding Compony? i 
$14,SOO investment which includes operating capitol? 
* 
No rocks, selling, inventories, or get rich quick schemes? ^ 

(heck Mote International, Inc. is now expanding into San * 
Antonio lf the above (ill your requirements, (all collect or -Rf writ# J W Wintering#, Vue President, 214/233 5723, ♦! 
4 127oo Park Central Place, Suite 41o, l l 32, Dallas, Texas J: 

I 
W S I 
OI r A A A A i t A A A Ar A A A A A A A i t A A * A dr i t A A dr i t I 

FIRST TIME OFFERING! 

For the Isl time, a distributorship with the accounts already established (or immediate cosh flow. Fiat quali­ ty items (rom the nation’s top manufacturer Men or women—port or full time. Compony will help finance future expansion and will offer franchise privileges with no franchise lets to distnbuloa who qualify Must have 
$4,548 investment secured by inventory 
Call (214) 2S3-7372 or writ#: 
Wholesale Division 
S821 Harvest Hill. Suit* 2o65 
Dallas, Texas 7523o 

C O M F U T i NLONROBOT COMPUTER 5Y S T IM 5 hleei for SbooN I m^bobhH 
I (R^bsIbbossos 
M At I ewe ling Fragrant!*! 

MONROOOT I ) l f tOMFUtlR, I IIM I/O Madre mognatM cord dew. I pager lope leader. I fee. I Momabot 9o J odd punch.................... latte 9w>(hale AO moulin 

MoNBo 8 o T I i >1 CoMputor, TWO IM I/O kalocIrK typewrite*. I magnetic cord demit, I 
I A n e t thou mmole 
(lease Timebase, 8o mas) 

Mumeioui computer preform (oddtfianal anet available) and leveret rhoutand mognatM cor dc tadudad for mar* mtamottoa rail 
Newman long and Aisoc.. 

W lerlr. type ■flier. I lope uumh. I I O bul l l 7$ par raaatti u t futdiow AC rnunrtn 

Nbputor, TWO IIM I O ketalfic typeemten • paper tape reader. I paper tape punch, ll o buffer 
TNC! odd punch....................... M 7J par m a«» 

733-8118 

•y i 
Umfad, 7189121, tao ($891) 
H W T T T k age dab. > u ,< f^S g T . b t* (ancab yard. $3oo 
7)89121, tao ( M ilt 

9o1 W M c D o w e ll 
P h o e n ix , A I 83oo7 k 
Ta r r r 6* ;<t 
Te trnt, Fe** Delivery #24 $oo) e S c J T tS O r- S r eof very leotonubie Goon tor Olton 
Coll *44 499$ or 444 SMS 
V 
I . B H H BOWL INB, (4 tanas, snack bor 
Property 12oo Hays 412,9oo Ten la n d boer in N a rffiw e t! K a n io i 
■ a ft in tw o h o u s e ! T h re e ha | Buttalng and a ll only 8128.8881 d re a m house, c e n fro l a ir h e a l I kashhnder W ichita. Ms n i u u 
$em * | r n n 5 T n m r T g 

P rivofs I badrm house on 
Fen* et) Only $$o 

United. 
S ilt H IL L !, fwd sfory i I i. 
Lea se 8)7$ m a Avgilahla Im 
WTOdHpM v 4947544 
One Stare and three House* 

 keck 
I OK Call now 5)48o24 
Century 21 
W AKBF1BLD M8ALTOMS tconamy. I baireai* . H it. bats' ak, has slavs, rafrig lad 
Untied, 7)89121. tao ($842) u r i n a l \ u i r '^ m :- f u f 8 , fenced yard, I mr units, na kit- chan open once*. 8186 8)44)88 i t A V I t M i AL? Y CO 

Unrtad, 7)89131. tea ($711) 
IIW TA il---------- » r giN6L8 
Choice NS Mental* 

BUDDY DECKER 
8)47)41. 1)14 Austin Hwy i t n y oM m r r r r r m m school* 45834)1 

7H¥ pum p* Goad lor attons opga rf unifies i l l ) M il 
— f iJ I T T f i A M k a a i / i f 6 * I — 
N orth side m o ll Good business 
114 ooo cosh >414811,41) 8411 
I 
ICUI POI U L I--------- 
T e rrific NS loc alien Owner a n i tau*. I l l G eneral K ru e g e r, aff 
4788 blk af Stance $3ooo dawn, 
USO ma rent M I SIM f ifTCTT 
H r H T T f g O b i. M i* 

H A H O W A R S A N D AU TT2MO 
I I V I Town to mi east of $ A Sell tor fixture * and invanlary Lease or soil building kame lin u m my a va ila b le W rite ■ egress News 
[ SOX 74o4 
__ __________ _ 

H ILL COUNTRY 
NA AM CANYON LAKO 
C ountry heme. g lu t 
M om and 
Po* Typo restaurant tavern with tw o e a t pum ps, plus equipped m e ch a n ic's d e ra ts I s a cre s, fenced w ith b arns O w ner w ill fin a n c e fa r a u a iitia d p a rty 
Cr ode I 

O IL l i b LO OPPQeC T U N IT Y j C an a w n y o u r a w n b u s in e s s in 
! y o u r h em e a re a M u st be fa m ilia r w ith ta b u la r quods S m all in vest 
I rn en I re q u ire d w ith e s ta b lis h e d 
I lu m p e n s Sand in q u irie s ta P O 
■ 
* * <, ‘ Cl>#Pw* C h ris ti, Tx 7o412 
O P IC N T A L G I F T ) 
L o c a te d in 
: m a il b e a u tifu l la d e . p ar (a lo in , to w e ry and ath a r exotic prft ite m * 
MONDE 
B U S IN E S S 
S M O KE HS loop s in 

M E A T CO M P A N V - b elim e Ire to n ila a k s d ire c t la lh # c o n s u m e r 

"O w n Y ou r O wn B u s in e s s " W M # 
A u la S ta re s, 191o C a ll F ie ld S d 
W ichita Fans, T i (817)49) U l t 
P A N TH AM , slo es House v e n tu re , 
Com H o w a rd P u rg e rte. 43$ U H 
P I H A P A M L O U S 
B u y ana d r m a re of these e x c e lle n t lo catio n s 
C le a n , m o d e rn h ig h v o lu m e s to r e s h o m o * i u t l N 
S i l 
ISP OK EMQ *94 S ill ■ s ie a e s a i re e l lo m e c o n s u m e r. 
—i r r r r g - 
------------------2— 
U n iq u e o p e ra tio n u n lim ite d pa fe n n e l 
H O H O L 
B U S IN E S S t f j y y * 
^ * tc* * * * f ** bH O K R M S 494 SIM 

 g a s a lin e .(o w n e r m ia h f c o n s id e r ftic e lla n t (OH ow ner I 9)$ 2l$»___ 

* • snap fix tu r e s 
L X ,:.Z 1 
'l l / 1 1 |U 
I S tu n faw n Pf 12,8oo W ill sa il w ith I a nd "u g h O wner a n ila u !, show ing 
■ ro o m n o u n :, n e a r s e t, slo e p a r 
~ , i k . „ i 
! n , nr.i r m t r , . , u 

IF YOU AME L O O K IN G fa r a re 
•an lo ro fio n m a shopuroa ce nte r 
>m an a re a af g ro w th . H e in ie s c o il u t 
W B I I G A X M E H 
. PMOPE > T it $ M f )7 I*_________ 

LADIES BOUTIQUE 
Choice NW la c a lia n rn tor ae shop p in g c a h ie r 
In v e n to ry , 

EXECUTIVE ROHE 
V A N £ 1 J A C K S O N 4 b a 

A L L U T IL IT IE S M AIO 
Ona S lack Ta N o rth S tar M a ll 
I i i P IM C H L R A F , >42 O IS! 

TMHHoH8R 
) A nd ) bade a a m ! m o i h er d ry e r cann F a m ilie s w atcam a 
A ction A p l L o c a ta rs . 1 2 4 2 )1 ) 

— v ru u i o A g i ’ i p r i n 
7 l l S ad ra am s. and E th e tone es 
U T IL IT IE S M AIO 
M i l * » t * IrB V fffti* Ilk 4 J 4 1 

O F F 
_____ d ra n m , I b oth, ta r pa ta r m a l, — tap. wa* b a r, etc lease re q u ire d 
CON M O -IO U A n y tim e 
BASSE WEILBACHER 
INC, i i A r t O M I 

5832 FAIRWOOD 
T O W N H O M B . i b e d ro o m s , J t f n ' i t i t f u i r * t r *9* rQ>* ' *-••» • 
Hohonberger Collins Cs. 

 i y r i i f l r . T p ^ d > b . t i r ^ , 
2 'i truths Townhome Ll*mg. din mg tamiiy and utility reams I car aurae*, fireplace brood new 
Yard cpra furnished P d v own utilities Prestigious Gait Course 
Subdivision Call F A Yocbam, day 8 2 4 7 $ )), ados end week ands 
8144872 

H HT B u r r D B L I A U --------- 
11711 SAOOX IN G O AK S 
I 4 1 1, Super Ctoqn, a rta r I yp pr 
' iggbk 
D A V O B N IT E 4384848 
M O U TO N 
L O u T M W E IT 
I 
_________f S A L T Y 

 m a 7)2)291 
9 o 7 O T T « k T o ------------ 
A l. Fenced, S IM 
834 4571 
T u rn e r S gpN y 141-o849 
‘..ruin, 
P o rk 8 i - I Ind o or po ba. fenced, c e n tra l ta r need. J b tk t atom 
8117 m a 
87$ de posh 
914-8883 

 fa u fh s iih P o d p h p a iar lanl, b it s I 
Md CiP Pla s a m y 9 2 H 8 N 
SPECIAL n a MONTH le g ro o m . I I M N e w 4 p i* 
I B e d ro o m , 
H I M S C L A IB , A p l 
733 7194 4)2 7741 j 

 l f M p r y l, spec t a i1 I B d rm bouse, 
P ra ta ra n t ta r $98 Cpu 
U nited, 7)89121 toe (O II)) 
I W 
T O k l N f l i r u'tj new ia r' a la rg e se ie c h an of I a n d 4 b ed ro om hom es la ra n i. lease w ith o ptio n ta buy o r own P ric e d fro m $229 MSO m a Cpu fit I P M 
A sac u h * e M eal E sta te 824 SMS 
' (fo m e n ts I b d r m , c p T o p p i na 
•ease k id * pats ak $98 
I 
U n tied , 7)89121. tao ($9 )2) 
T k - n J i H t y J 
I s l. ' l , ! 
I be d re a m s . 2 b a th s , d o u b le p a ra g e a n d A p p lia n c e s 
S IM a m a ar 
O ption la p qy 4SS-8ei) a r 45$ n o s 
Pi A e r TOO# W A N I SO.... 
IN TMI t x Fat I * NtW S 

 c a c i 11 % ie e e 

 a r w it h a u l f r a n c h is e 
T e r m s 
K a s h ftn d a r, w ic h ita . Ms 
W B < jlin k e d b a d 1 )3 # W k shop 
IddO t lo c a tio n 
C o up le r a tir m p 
CPU U t A L T O * o94)981 

C e n t u r y 
; i 

A ute J m ^ lr y 'a M r B W M o re 
P rim a M a rih o a s i lo ca tio n 
2,o8o Sa lf $48Aaa Cpu 82$ d ill 

T n w i r r o s r 
4 P ia ia s . 
P a r s a l# b y a w n e r 
N a r th a e s t i a x fr a m a iv 

 p ro fit Cpu G ary 
Van Buren t Assoc 
484717) 
4)81147 
M 4 989) 

LEH RE PAHTMERS 
G re ta A m e rK p n W o rm G ro w e r is 
< taekm p tar people to p c rtic ip o fo in lo ne cd die m ost unique end in te r- 
'• s t in g b u s m e s s s s t o d a y — th e w o rm buSMOSSl 
H o ra is y o u r c h a n c e la tu r n ra th e r n o m in a l in v e s tm e n t roto 

M 9 7I84<: a re a 4$8$9$8 bef <) 4pm 
TST le a s e , i u rg e w a re h o u s e , p ra c tic a lly now. Lean S pring s en 
SP T ra c k s , ta r in to 924 3917 
Mar Lease 
The B ila u I a u n e * 
4184 San P a d re 
F a tly e q u ip p e d ta r business 
M I 7M 4 ar eves 
494 JSM 
F & T ' U i f 6 1 l E A i l 

 p r a f it a bit : b u s in e s s -o n e th a t te n be a s p a r* tu rn too or a ta ll lim o p ro fe ssio n 
H o w do yo u p a y ? S im p le , o u r m a rk e t d em and is to a re a r fh a l n e w g r o w e r s o re n e e d e d im m e d ia te ly (W e w ill p u rc h a s e ta a p re s p ecifie d p ric e , a il the w o rm s our g ro w e r* can p ro du ce 
, Dan t h e s ita te — c o m p a re o nd you 
J 
_____I p r a * w ilt b hd O re ta A m e ric a n W a rm b u ild in g ie S u e r ne, e x c e lle n t G ro w e rs is in a cla ss by its e lf" 
L ace hen 
F a r in te l m a tro n C a ll a r w r ite 
G re a t A m a r ic en 
I S i) 4554 

B r a c e r y s ta r e far s a le in (fie b a a u f it u l N il l C o u n t r y n e a r 
G a rn e r State P a rk s t lo pke v 
Tx ; d a m p a p e e d b u s in e s s 
O w n e r w ishes la re tire , a w ne r hna nce d 
Q p y i 1 1 )1 8 8 * 4 ,n#gHH I P ir o g i ) 
IMI IV UM SIM t o ( A ll 
IS 2 2 $ 1 4 o o 
I X P * ! * * AN D N fW S 

W o rm G ro w e r* 
184)1 N acogdoches Md 
Sen A nto nio 78217 
___________ ($ I2 )4 M 2144_________ _ 

LO U N G E OR P le asa nto n Rd P ut­ ty equipped P ric e d ta SOU 

 s i j e i t * 
Ft AC I r o u e W A N I AD 
IN THI IXFOISS N W I 
C A LI 1 1 $ 1 4 4 4 

M E N S C L O T H IN G M o n y exclw s ty * lin o * of p re s tig e w e a rin g ap p a r ti W ell estaP bshed b usin e ss 1 
O w n e r w ill tr a in M O N D E B U S I 
N ESS BMOK t MS 494 S P I 

M E X IC A N ^ 
MB ET A O B A N I 
O w n e r r e lin n a 
U n iq u e a p p e r lu n it y lo a s s u m e e tf a b bshed I ) y r aid b usiness G ro ss m g o ve r $1*8.888 4 )) 197$ 

M IL L A N O F IX T U B E S O p e ro t m g lu m p e r m ill ond ca bin e t shop. loc a lo d I h o u r fro m S A S m a ll tow n liv in g e t its bes! 
MOM u t 
BU S IN ES S B H O K f HS 494 8)11 
M IN IA T U N E G O LF COOM l l $ 
• a r n $11,888 
$23,888 
In s ta lta d o u td o o r* o r in d o o r * 
Mo m o re seasons P ric e d ta $9,988 B e tta le n t fin a n c in g C O M M A E N T IN 
P N IS E 8 INC .M rp n ta n , Pa I t M I 
Tai (7 t7 ))t» 3 * $ 8 
M IX C O D B IN K C L U B 
A lw a y s b u s y , iiv e m u s k 
L o c a te d in re- b ide n tial nea r m a n y a p a rtm e n t* 
MONDE 
BUSIN ESS 
B M O K B B S 
4S LU U 
_ 

MONEYMAKERS 
H IG H L A N D M IL L S , $48o m a 
: S etae O w ner c a rry $47,o88 
FT 
S A M A B E A , $)78 m a M a ke o ffe r $22,888 
D E N V f B MG I $ fc at e lle n l r en! p ro p e rty , tu rn , $9.7$* 
M IN N O W S G A L OM E , M o r a le 
F a it*, e»l«pii»hed 14 y r aid bUM n ae* O w n e r r e fir in g , e x c e lle n t in c o m e , in v e n to ry , m c * h o m e , 
O w ner c a rry C eil B M 
C A N V O N L A K E I t u n it m e ta l, p lush lounge w ith S N TV screen, c o ffe e s h o p , e a r n .! g u m a llic e space, good incom e, ow ner c a rry ti$ .8 8 8 dawn 

Van Buren I Assoc 
484 7171 
4 ) | 1147 
494 $89* 

I I I 1 * * o 
IS F IIS S ANO N fW S 
_____ 

 and tie s * ta 9P M a nd a d m $$o.ooe a y e a r p lu s 
D is t r ib u t o r s h ip s a v a ila b le 
C all 
M r V on c abac I 
W M F 1M B H__________ 

PROUT OPPORTUNITY 
D u n n A B r e d s lr a a l s a y s ‘C a m 
O p e ra te d L a u n d r y a n d D r y 
C le a n in g S to re s a rg a a * af tw o in d u stria l, w ith in * tees! fa ilu re ti* u r es 
K w i c k W A S H c a m o p e r a te d la u n d r y a n d d r y c ro o n in g la s t 
V Ifjf ii % (GT I Of lf 
W E H A V E c h a le t la u n d ry Idea irons rn e v e ry p a rt p f San A m e nia ro p ily ta Octad now 
B A N K B A T E F IN A N C IN G 
F a r in fo rm a tio n cpu B d F lo y d 
S II 484 IT H a r v is it a g r w a r ­ e ho use s h o w ro o m a i $48) J a c k - woad. Sun Antares* Tx 781)8 
F o r* C o m m e rc ia l Voles Inc. 
Tho W o rld 's L a rg a si 
O '*" ‘h-ta- 
. 
P B O F IT 
P O T E N T IA L . 
C a in 
L a u n d r y e q u ip m e n t, p a id $44,oo8 
.w ill s a il ta r $1 $.8*4 c a th ) Jo h n 
P h a g e * $4)4888 
________ 
M E A L .s ta le b ra k e r needs w a rk m i p a r tn e r w it h s a le s m a n * 
.b e a n s * a n d k n o w le d g e af ca m m a rtia l ro o t astate in San A nton 
* M I 7 IH _______________________ 
M CO W O M M 8. c a m p e r a p ric e s b e fa ra y a y b u y t u y b a c k can 
I tr a c t lim e p a y m e n t* p la n an a 
I bed 8x1 t i . $8,888 w a rm s ta a 
'4 b a * o p e ra tio n , a is * h a r v e s t m a c h in a * e v a d a b le 
T hom as A r. nota *487 O ris k a n y . Van A m ania. l l ” i i ! 
M i PO ta x is P o rlo k ie Sole* O ffice 
C o m p le f* T e rm s 7 |)-$ l7 r_______ 

H O O F IN G C O M P A N Y - ip a fB a P - tia i c o m m e rc ia l w e ll e s la k lis h * * a u s m *ss K ey p eapig m a y pa re 
IHp nod G rass over SHM, uoe year 
IV 
B O H D E 
B U V IN S VV k k O K B P $ * H $ l" ______________ 
BHI t i f f i n MWR 
| 
CAU 315 *666 

.512 - INSTRUCTIONS 
512- 

NEW CLASS STARTS FEB. 28 
“ APPROVED FOR VETERANS” 

• RADIO-T.V. REPAIR 
• TELEVISION TECH. OPERATOR 
• RADIO BROADCAST-LICENSING 
• RADIO OPERATOR (F.C.C., I st CLASS) 

For In fo rm a tio n 

C A U L-W R IT! OR VISIT 
ELKINS INSTITUTE 
5 o 3 S. M o i. 
. 
. 
. 
. 
San A n to n io , Tx. 
2 
2 
3 
* 1 
8 
4 
8 

A 
* 

BOI BUSINESS OPPORTUNITIES BOI - PROFESSIONAL 
SALVAGE OPERATION 
WHOLESALE-RETAIL 
Shoes-Boots-Clothtne 
H o rd w o re -C ro c n rie s F u rn itu re in c lu d in g p u r c h a s in g s o u r c e * . c o n tra c ts a nd w h o le sa le b u y e rs . 
A ll fo r less tha n o u r cost of raven to ry . H ig h g ro s s abo ve a v e ra g e net. Can o pe ra te fro m y o u r lo c a ­ tio n . D e to lls a n d In v e n to ry lis t w r ite P O B o x 1o14, F t . S m ith , 
Arte 729o1 o r p n o n e a fte r 7 P M 
SOI 444-3144 

S E C R E T A R IA L 
S E R V IC E 
N orthside. T ra in in g and fin a n c in g a v o ila le . 
A g o o d b u s in e s s . 
RO HDE 
B U S IN ES S 
B R O K E R S 
694-5311 _________________ 

S e lf-S e rv ic e W o s h o te ria , G oo d location. $45oo cash 735-o*11 

S M A L L H O T E L B U S IN E S S fo r sale W est H ouston St 227-2742 or 
2 2 X 3 2 *_______ 
_________ _ 

S M A L L T O W N S o u th T e x a s . 
L a r g e b u ild in g s u it a b le f o r g ro c e ry s to re , re s ta u ra n t, e tc 
P lus s e rvice statio n on c o rn e r lot doing good business. 
O w n er financed. 

Dick Young Real Estate 
K arne s C ity . Texas 
1-78o-26oo_________________ 78o-2397 
South P o rk M a ll 99o sq ft o v a ila ble fo r lease im m e d ia te ly . C o nta ct 
922 49oo or 333 o141 a n y tim e 
24oo S O F T 
B U I L D IN G p lu s sm a lle r b u ild in g sm a ll o ffic e , a ir co nd itio ne d Room fo r e xpansion. 

Dick Young Real Estate 
K a rn e s c ity , Texas 
K arne s 
1-78o-26oo 
78o 2397 
T H E L A G U N A L O D G E In P o rt 
M a n s fie ld c o m e s w ith 24o fo o t fro n ta g e on R e d fis h B o y 
T h is p o p u la r 12 u n it lo dg e is a good in ve stm e n t o r a p e rfe c t p loce to r a couple w ho w ish to s e m i-re tire 
E d G la te R e a lty • P o r t M a n s - fie dld . Texas 7858o (512)944 2355 
T H E W A R E H O U S E C L U B a nd 
D isco the q ue is bein g o tte re d fo r sole 
R e aso n ab le te rm s , p ro v e n fin a n c ia l s u c c e s s . C o n ta c t M r. 
Stout 341-8134.494 3229__________ 
TH IS IS IT ' L O U N G E . C o nverse, 
T e xas Low dow n p a ym e n t. Low r e n t 
C o ll 658 9443 a tte r 4 P M , 
341-1724 Otter 8P 
M 
____________ 

TO M A TO G R E E N H O U S E S 
G ro w n a tio n a lly a d v e rtis e d torna­ dos a n d o th e r v e g e ta b le s y e a r round to r the w holesale m a rk e t 
G re e n h o u s e s , s p e c ia l g ro w in g fo rm u la s , tra in in g and m a rk e tin g a s s is ta n c e In c lu d e d 
$6ooo m in 
In v e s tm e n t 
F re e d e ta ils c o n ta c t 
The E v e r lo v 'ln F la v o r, R o ute 2 
B o x 31 A , H ig h w a y 231 S o u th , 
Lacey* s S pring. A lo 35754_______ 
IF U N IT A P T C O M P L E X 
1542 N 
A la m o , n e a r B ro a d w a y , 
F t 
S o m , D o w n to w n 
A ll f u r ­ n ishe d , a ir c o n d itio n e d 
In c o m e 
521oo m o 
Z o n e d b u s in e s s 
514o,ooo By O w ner 826 2o3o 
Use y o u r m a n a g e m e n t c a o a b ili tie s in a b u s in e s s of y o u r ow n 
P e rs o n n e l o r p u b lic r e la tio n s h e lp fu l 35.ooo m in im u m In v e s t rn en I R eply to E x p re s s N ew s Box 
4484 _____________________________ 

W A L L P A P E R STO RE Southside 
O w n e r'* death fo rce s sale 5*5oo d o w n 
R O H D E 
B U S IN E S S 
B R O K E R S *9 *-3 3 lt______________ 
WE B U Y 
B usinesses and In v e n to rie s 
J K A H N A ASSOC 342 4822 
W E L L E S T A B L IS H E D lin g e r ie shop, re p e a t business, w ill tra m b u y e r 522.ooo 
R OSSI R E A L T Y _________494 7781 

Executives 
Managers 
Professionals 

M o s t o f th e b e tte r, h ig h e r p a y in g jo b s are n o t a d ve r tis e d H a ld a n e can s h o w y o u h o w to fin d these lo b s and h o w to g et th e in te r v ie w s . S end y o u r re su m e to d a y o r c a ll n o w fo r a n o c o s t o r o b lig a tio n in te rv ie w 
Not a placem ent agency! 

 w m rn 
'■ b e r n a 'd 
I (aldane 
Sun- m r a s s o c ia t e s 

The only national job counseling and career management service. 

San A ntonio 
Century Bldg . 84 NE Loop 41o. 
Suite 275 West / Dept L 
(512) 3423166 
San Antonio. Texes 78216 
A ls o H o u s to n a n d D a lla s . 

Cable 'tx E C U T IV t 
Regmnei o ttirn 8mtnn O irago 
Cleveland Dallas 
Lbs Angelet ‘vr'r I , „ 
N**wYo»k Ph.iarleiph., 
Tampa 

W h o le s a le r * t o i i L IV E B A IT 
H O U S E a t C anyon L ake F is h in g ta c k le , on p re m is e s d e e r, p le o s a n ! s m o o th o p e r a tio n 
G o o d p ro fits N ew b u ild in g and equ ip m e n ! Cosh o r o w ner C o rry note 
I 899 2o48______________________ _ 

~ WORMS 
We b uy w o rm s u n d e r c o n tra c t 
W o rm g ro w e rs needed 
512 453 514o 

5o4 MONEY IO UENO 

B U S IN E S S IN V E N T U R E C A P I 
T O L 
A S S IS T A N C E . f o r w o rth w h ile p ro te c ts o v e r 55o.ooo 
Com 
M 
S eidem an, 
A ustin , 
SI 2-453 18o9. 

EQUITABLE 

TRUST COMPANY 
We s p e c ia lity in the p u rc h a s e of 
•C h a tte l or R eal E sta te Notes 
■ F in a n cia l L ea sin g 
•F a c to rin g A ccou n ts R e ceivab le 
IN Q U IR E A T 224 o314 
1818 N BC B ldg 
Son A nto nio 

H IG H L A N D P A R K S TATE B A N K 
The bank w ith m e re tim e to r you* 
H ig h lan d pi Ha c k b e rry 332 3111 
N E E O C A S H 77 
BUT H A V E NO C R k D I T 777 
C oll U nion F m o n ce 22J-487I 
P e r s o n a l, p r o p e r t y , b u s in e s s 
Juans any a m o unt 227-U l t) 
R eady Cash Ie p u rc h a s e yo ur re a l estate m o rta g e * 223-1473________ 
S M A LL HO NO R LO ANS 
JUST P R O M IS E TO P A Y 
A A A C R E D IT 
• 
_____ 223 4249 

INDUSTRIAL 

ENGINEER 

TECHNICIAN 

Excellent opportunity for 

 individual with o-1 year job experience. 2 years college with concentration 

 preferably in industrial technology Approximately 

8o% of the |ob will be performing time studies, 

 will do other individual engineering task os 

 specified Send resume to: 

GLASTRON 

BOAT CO. 

Personnel Dept. 

91o8 Recd Dr. 

Austin, Texas 787S8 

I OUN oeeoonm n in s a n e e t 

S ta rtin g , e x p a n d in g , in ta n g ib le a c c o u n ts r e c e iv a b le c a s h [ a v a ila b le t o r th e s e a n d e th e r m o n e i^ je e d ^ C o l^ ^ M M iS M in * , 

512 INSTRUCTIONS 

KEY 
PUNCH 

4 Short Weeks 

O ther T ra in in g Im 
Computer Operations 
Computer Programming 
Medical Assistant 
Medical Secretory 
Nurse s Aide Orderly 

Coll 224-9286 
CBM 
Education Center 
1121 Navarro 

DIRECTOR 

TRANSITIONAL 

LIVING 

FACILITIES 

A d m in is te r* a tra n s itio n a l 

 liv in g fa c ility o n d su p e r. 

 vise s s ta ff in the c a re o f 

 re s id e n c y 
R equires m as 

 te r o r h ig h e r d e g re e in 

 p s y c h o lo g y so cial w o rk , 

 e d u c a tio n o r re la te d fie ld 

S a la ry S t, 6 3 9 p e r m o n th , 

C o n ta c t p e rs o n n e l o ffic e , 

M a n u e l 
Rarnos i t 
5 3 2 

88 l l . 

(qual Opportunity Affirmative 

Afton Employs' 

EMPLOYMENT 

BUI - PROFESSIONAL 
SOI PROFESSIONAL 

SP ASSOCIATES 
Professional Employment 

TO Y O U ................................ 
IS* y iUMrei (Mad batea (ae* I 
Consultants 
18oo N.I. loop 41o 
828-5573 

I aa khan feta* batea (an* away aaa) mo >aapa<- i apaaSm horn Wat agapai 4Malaa. Nr n a a p i it i mo aa anxeaSeel, aaa *48 awat ekh aaa at aa* aal waaahaaai vile *Mh andatlaaty arf* ar 

 yartaakiaa ta mmtflS w Tw y ll w U- 

ACCOUNTING DIVISION 
ENGINEERING DIVISION ] ^ADMINISTRATIVE DIVISION 

COMTROUH $24,ooo Range 
Sera* a* CTO lea data very rapid 

 baas pion ae double ba 3-5 

ALL POSITIONS LISTED BELOW ARE FEE PAID 
_ „ production cornice manager 
, 
$15,ooo tell MOO 
Strew u i iW 
Texas 
M e b s e p o n e e ^ irH 

Trust A d m in is tra to r. . 
Trust A dn m n stre to r.. 

Vice President 

$25*oo 

$ M *o o 

DVT ptcm TO PP W mw yew* 
__ a 
* « cmd ot+o go pubHc. tup + rvt— all accounting, ftnancial ran Orting, 
IBP ate CPA errantly prafarrad. 
'•J**""® ™ ’ WTf" 

COWTtOUH To $ 2 5 *o o 
■a p ort directly to H i* president o f M i p riv a te ly held O n © B rr*. 
Idewepa amati da port rn eof a t tim people, facet leat opportun ity fo r futu re grow th. Pay ee ana 4 4 ye ar* o f .a p o to m e bi O A O ac­ counting fro m either public or p riv a te r 
*“ ~J 

 to $ 33 ,oo o 

 to $ 1 8 ,o o o 

Cedi Jock S te w a rt 

PURCHASING 
M AHA (HR. . . 
Hetero m ech.. 
INDUSTRIAL 
(M O 'N U AS . . 
RSH, o -3 year 

Cashier.......................... 
Trust Administrator. . . . 
Exec Vice President . . . . 
V *. A frikaans............ 
V *. Commercial leans.. to S i 6.ooo VJf. Cenwnerdel leans.. 
Proof A Transit Mo wager $14*oo re $14 ,ooo y p Con sinner - Rani tx 

 t**R W ......................... $2o* oo- f to $14,ooo 
Call M yron G oldm an 

$25*oo 
$ is rsoo 

$ 11*oo 
$2o*oo 
$ 17*o o 

$2o*oo 
$ 17*o o 

8o1 • PRQFESStONAl 
6o2 rn u rn 

T E F L - I R A N 

EDUCATION FIELD 
QUALITY ASSURANCE MA NAG KR I 
English os a foreign language school in Iran has immediate I need for person to head its quality assurance program. W illf coordinate all performance measurement activities to insure optimal performance under contractor specification. This dudes establishment of standards for academic and od I ministrative functions, evaluation o f training policies andl procedures and testing techniques and application, establish f ment of schedules for inspection and evaluation o f training, analyzing inspection reports ond developing ond im plementing of Q A plans, ond supervising Q A staff. 
Should have a degree in education and prefer MA in TEFL 
Also require TEFL instructor, school manager of training manager experience. 
We offer a salary in the m id-2o's plus overseas allowances and other benefits. Send complete resume in confidence to: 
P.O. Bes ROIS 
Chicago, Illinois 
M a Repeal O y p e i i welly I M a ip la y a r M /P 

INDUSTRIAL 
ENGINEER 

 large boat manu­ facturer in Austin is 

 seeking a recent 

 graduate with a 

B.S.I.E. and 
o-2 years experience. 
Will work with other 

 industrial engineers in performing time 

 studies, line balan­ cing techniques and 

 facilities studies. Ex­ 

 cellent opportunities for advancement. 

Send resume to-. 

GLASTRON 
BOAT CO. 

PERSONNEL DEPT. 

9 1 o 8 R ood Dr. 

A u stin , T exas 7 8 7 5 8 

(QUAL OFFOR TUN! TY 
IMFLOY8R M /7 

EXECUTIVE 
DIRECTOR 
S a la ry $ 1 6 ,5 o o to 
$ 1 8 ,o o o p e r y e a r 

R esponsible fo r a ll o p e ra ­ tio n s o f n o n -p ro fit c o r­ 

 p o ra tio n in v o lv e d in 

 te a c h in g th o s e a d u lts re­ q u irin g 
E S I a n d 
BCD 

 p re p a ra tio n 
D u ties in ­ 

 clu d e a d m in is tra tio n 

 w o rk , p re p a ra tio n o f 

 b u d g e ts , a n d co n tra c ts 

 p ro p o s a l; a ls o a rra n g in g w o rk s h o p s fo r vo lu n te e r 

 te a ch e rs 
S ocial 
Ed a d ­ m in is tra tio n an asset 

Send re sum e to 
San Antonio 
Literacy Council 
4o6 Market St. 
Son Antonio, Tx. 782oS 

•qual opportunity employer 

M ANAGEM ENT 
Growth 
Opportunities 

Oenny's Inc is one of the fastest growing NYSE firms in the U.S. We are opening, on the average, one new restaurant every week and we are looking for men and women with potential for PII responsibility of a single restaurant in I to 2 years and multi-restaurant manage­ ment responsibility in 3 to 5 years. 

We offer in exchange for your talents, top salary with regular reviews, incentive bonus, profit shoring, free medical, dental and life insurance for you and your dependents. 2 weeks vacation ofter I year, 3 weeks ofter 
2 years service ond on earning potential in 3 years to 
$16,ooo annually. 

Ask yourself the following: Do I have a strong desire for position and career accomplishment, personal drive and enthusiasm, excellent business concepts, ond an ex­ traordinary amount of human relations skills? lf the answers are yes, please send a letter or resume with work history and salary requirements to: 
Bill W. Fugit 

Personnel 

Representative 
Dept: SA-2-2o 
DENNY S, INC. 

2997 LBJ FR WY. 

Suite 217 
Dallas, Texas 75234 

ADMINISTRATOR 

Multi-level facility is seeking an experienced ad­ ministrator to fill an immediate opening. This is an op­ portunity to join one of San Antonio s largest ond most successful nursing homes. Must possets a current Texas 
Nursing Home Administrator license and a minimum of 2 yrs. experience. 

Send resume and qualifications to 

Express & News Box 452o 

San Antonio, Tx. 78297 

GENERAL 
MANAGER 

Exrelknt salary FLUS 5o% Of PROFITS. Large retail business with several deportment which include appliance, tire, sporting goods, hardware Bust hove strong retail management and promotion ex­ perience in these lines 
CAU MR. CRAWFORD 
512— 736-2263 
FROffSSIONAl-EXKUTIVI CONSONANTS 
N O T “ JUST ANOTHER AG E N C Y ” 
6243 IN IO , Suite 44o 
FIRST NATIONAL BANK BLDG. 

COMPTROLLERS 
PROJECT CONTROLLERS 
PROJECT ACCOUNTANTS 
$12K TO $4oK 

Amating growth role of one at the Southwest* mast progressive ond tn- novaftv. ENGfNfHRNG ANO CONSTRUCTION firms has orated open 

 mgs for aggressive financial parsons looking for responsibility now ond more in the future! AN fees assumed by the compony of course 

COMPTROLLERS on assert 
■ Several openings lip. in UC BIA min, MIA or CPA 

SAFETY ENGINEER 

$ 1o - ) ! 1,ooo fee pend by employer IS degree in engmeenng required 
Any engineering degree acceptable or 
IS in industrial technology Tram mg includes immediate enrol ment rn • training program rn which you wiH be taught the bests of industrial student prevention 
Opportunities tor growth ond advancement art t i coden! fibred military definitely considered Aula end eipenses furnished ly appt only 
Thompson Employment 
SorvicR 
1259 Meson (ofter JA? I IPT 

PROJKT CONTROLLERS — Several openings Up in UC preferred, 
BIA mm, MIA CPA an as se ti 

PROJKT ACCOUNTANTS — BIA, J years cost accounting or general oc counting 
CALL MR. MOWRY 
512— 736-2263 
PROFESSIONAL EXECUTIVE CONSULTANTS 
NOT "JUST ANOTHER AGENCY” 
6243 IH IO, Suit* 44o 
FIRST NATIONAL BANK BLDG. 

C h ild re n 's W e a r 
• 
M a n u fa c tu re r N ee d s 
SUPERVISOR/ 
INSTRUCTOR 

FOR SEW ING M ACHINE 
OPERATORS 

 m a n a g e m e n t c o p a in s tru c to r w ith a b ility to a d va n ce . S a la ry o p e n . 
R e lo catio n a llo w ­ a nce. 

L igh t b io tin s 

PARKER OF 
HOUSTON 
P.O . R o * 1 3 4 6 9 
(7 1 3 )5 2 8 -1 5 1 1 

 rPROGRAM M ER/ 
ANALYST 
1 
2 to data 
3 years experience 
— communications, 
Burroughs experience preferred. Knowledge of 
ICOBOl HELPFUL Salary commensurate with ex­ perience 
Send resume to: 
Express-News 
Box 4519 
^ 
Son Antonio 78297 j j 

NOTICE TO 
JOB APPLICANTS 
Advertisement* in these columns ore a.cepted on the prtmise tho! jobs of 
♦fred wilt be hied on the basis oi merit without discrimination because of sea unless the |ob is o bonohde oc cupohonoi qualification 
EMPLOYMENT 
AGENCIES lh * San Antonio Pileate fmployment 
Association ho* a ngd (ode of (thus to whuh.oll its private employment agency members subscribe for in formation obout private employment oar me* or action on complaint*, call 
7*4 78o7 oi the 
Better 
Business 
Bureau 

I 
PROGRAMMER 

Heavy RP6-2, System ex- I 

 perience. 
Salary range 

SI2,ooo-Si6,ooo, depending 

 upon qualifications. 

CAPITOL COMPUTER 

SERVICES INC. 

OVERSEAS 

ACCOUNTANTS 

 lf you qualify and or* selected, we wdl establish you in yow bookkeeping, accounting ond tax praline We or* a fully automat 
•d computer accounting firm 
Seeking accountants of high 
(ality* with oddity ta operate then awn practice (ak collect 

(3o1) 944-o8oo 

PROFESSIONAL 

BUSINESS SYSTEMS 

B a ltim o re , M a ry la n d 

International engmeenng-construction firm with extensive work in Middle Lost has openings for well qualified people with S yrs. related experience. 

* CONSTRUCTION UJFfSINTINO!NTS 
* (USURERS—(OST PUMMNG SOHDUUNG 

* MATERIALS— (NGfNUtS/tSTINUTOCS' T A kt-O ff 
* SUFttVtSOtS—LO«STKS/SUmY/WAREHOUSE 
FOR HOUSTON OFFICE 
* INGNiffRS A DESIGNERS 
C M I, Structural; ( M in e d , Architectural 
* FeOCUREMINT 
Buyers, Im pact ars, I x p * br iars, w ith (AC experience 

(H I) le t sit! lev hat. and I 
APEX International 
S uite $ 3 8 , 4 1 o F lo e * N .W . 
6 3 2 6 S o v e re ig n D r., So t A n to n io , T x . 7 8 2 2 9 

ELECTRICAL 
DESIGNER 
DRAFTSMAN 

Nm S yn experience in FC layout and fxxsoqm-j of atoctromc equip 
Must ba (apout af generating the tncol ond rnecborneol at well at schematics and assemblies 
Knowledge of mditary specifications desired but not essen hoi 
C o n to rt M Sc b m i i 
826-6385 
•quai opportunity employee 

^ W a W M m a a M W a a . B W n e / 

AUSTIN, TX 

-398o 

FEE PAID 

PUBLIC RELATIONS 

$15,ooo to 52o,ooo 
Business admin degree required Dynamic 

RIGHT-OF-WAY AGENT 
< 
Harem, rnian *9*5-5117* 
............ 
»OT v d k a iw i OaoaWm any cam 
7m aal aa ai aka amla, md a apatan . 
HH.,d ia l rn Wa (I) yaan ai mOap wk* aaarmi la b a w n lam. md amala, 
■ n e w wad Ova (S| ya 

HW . AA*Itwn, Director of 

F O. Moi MOB irvrag, To m s 75o61 
O H Of RV1NC 

1 uurrari 
Of ittqutiBU uy HWnn — personality ond good working I 
I katharoOTd. Must be able to H 
I 

 travel Bosuns# is required 
AU ■ benefits j j 

•j, 
UtFLOVMOfT U t VICI 
M il 
■R*aa mb'■■bb£Sn ii 

W onted e x p e rie n c e d lice n se d ad lu s te r w ith m in im u m of I y e a r exp 
In c a s u a lty 
E q u a l O p p o rtu n ity 
E m p lo y e r C ontact L B. D a vid son 
X e m e e r In s u o r o n c o Co 
4415 
C antor vie w 
O r. hon 
A nto nio 

X L L 2 1 __________________________ 
6o? SAUS 

 i R ot 
J 

MO 
Dis 

• 2" ' 
■I Ex 

A G R I C U L T U R E 

D E G R E E 
H o ve you co n s id e re d the F e oce 
C e ro *7 The P eace C a rp s a s p e r w hee c o t m ean m e re tha n lu s t an o p p o rtu n ity to do som e p ood ll con m ean on eacrtm p in tro d u c tio n to in te rn a tio n a l a v ic u ltu r e , it con b rm q know ledge ond tn stq h l into 
Other c u ltu re s , it can m e a n new ! la n g u a g e * a n d it c a n m e a n in roads in to tops w ith to v t r e m t n t e i agencies h o r* and o b ro a d To see s p e c ific P e a c e C o rp * O s s ia n m oats, co nta ct $1} 3*7 H i t , C s t 4, 
Cottei I 

ASST CONTROLLER 
$1o,ooo 
A c c o u n tin g d e fle a re q u ire d ta r 
• h is t o r ,# c o m p a n y 
E x c e lle n t 

EXPERIENCED 

COBALT 

PROGRAMMER 

Q u a lifie d app lica n ts are 

 e nco urag e d to su b m it 

 re su m es to : 

Th* Express News 

Box No. 52o8 
78297 

STORE MANAGERS AND 
ASSISTANT STORE MANAGERS 
FOR EXPANSION 
Must have recent retail supervisory ex­ perience in one or more of the following department*: Men s, lodte»‘ or Children's 
W earj Fobncs; linens; Shoes; Cosmetics, learn to be a store manager. G ood pay, good bonus, many benefits. Closed Sun­ days, reasonable hour*, live in San An­ tonio. Call or write Mr. Brenner or M r. 
Grimm for confidential appointment. 
SOLO SERVE COM PANY 
I I I Soledad. See Antonio 782oS, SI2 225 7163 

OPPORTUNITY 
SON Talented eloped by 
Johnson 
Wax. 
(•place* lubber Stomps — (Ho Bub bu, Ink ai Nod!) Protected tomtoay, comnwssiOT on cd! cahoot business. investment, field homing assurance 

 tg code lo Pernio Stamp Division, 
The San there! Compony. F O lox 
799 Ion Antonio. Texas 71791 foe full interniction, ar col Firma 
Stomp Dmsaon, 223 1831 

A d v e rtis in g soles p er son * nodded to r tro w in g co m p on y 
F o r m o re in *or m o tio n co ll 114-1114 

~ AMMIE REFINING CO 
] R e fin e r o f A m a lic P e n n s y lv a n ia 
M a te r O il se e ks o n o p q ro s s iv o 
D is tric t M o n ap er w iltin g lo w o rk a n d a c c o p t D M r# s p o n s ib ility 
E x c e lle n t o p o p o r tu n itv . s o fa r- y 4 b o n u s , c a r a n d o u p o n s e s 
C om plete co m p o n y b e n e fits F o r c o n fid e n tia l in te r v ie w se nd r e ­ sum e to: E xp re ss N ew s Sox 4SI8 
SAn A ntonio 78197. E q u a l ooa o r to n ify e m p loye r_________________ 

PXP re q u ire d 
A ll 

D A Y A N IT E CLASSES 
K e y p u n c h . S e c re ta ria l. A c c o u n t 
M f, D ro llin g ond A ll O ther B u *' ness Courses 
V et A p p ro ve d E n ro ll Now 
O U R H A M C O L LE G E 
1o5 SAN P E D R O 
225 54o1 
F in ish H igh School at H om o 
D ip lo m a a w a rd e d F o r tre e b ro 
( h u r t. eau A m e ric a n School, tool 
I 899-41I 83I8____________ __ 
F L O R IS T 
Four weak course in fto ro i desipn and m a ne gem en! W rite tor f r e t br o f h o i 
W a lla n d * ! S cho o l bt 
F lo ra l D e sip n, in c 
R a dio b u ild 
•np, *91 In d ia n a , W tc h ito F o ils . toots. 74381 

LEWIS BARBER COLLEGE 
43o8 S F tee** 
___ *14 388o 
MOTO E x tra Du h u , s in you sp ore I h e a lth p ro p rq m s , a d v is o s m a ll lim o s o ilin g A d v e rtis in g C a ton businesses, coach re c re a tio n pre dors, Fans, BOT Pens. K ey Taps, p ra m s , usa yo ur d e g re e 
P eace 
Rte ' R ip P ro fits 
F o r m o re ta ■ C o rp s V IS T A p ro v id e liv in g ex- fo r m a tio n W r ite T o : A S T R O 
M a x e s . Ira n spar ra tio n , m e d ic a l, 
L IT H O A D V E R T IS IN G , TH E S M ' o»*>*r b e n e lu x C a ll I U 3*7 STI*. 
LEJEUNE B L O G , SU TITE MB, 
B v t 4, to tte d 
_______ 
M IA M I, F L O R ID A IH M 

 woe kin a benefits 
Task M a ste rs E m p lo y m e n t ber 
4438 C ente rvie w __________t i t o n e 

S P A N I S H S P E A K E R S 
In n o v a tiv e Peace C orps and V IS ­ 
TA vo lun tee r p re le c ts need Span. lo b s p e a k e r s to d e v e lo p a n d s u p e rv is e p re p ra m s in d e ve lo p . ta p n a tio n s a n d h a rp in U S A 
T each, d e vo te d c o m m u n ity and 

S O U TH W E S T School of M e d ic a l 
A ssistance 
114 3194 t i l 

V e te ra n in q u irie s W elcom e 
TBUS Vocational Softool 

---------- 
SOI PROFESSIONAL 

A M B IT IO U S p ersons who n e a r to e arn b u t who can o nly w o rk p a rt it me O p p o rtu n ity ter pood e x tra ; 
A r . . . in c o m e 
T r a in in g g iv e n 
C p i) P-, * * . , J . 
» . . . . 
. , IT. 
484-3118 to r a p p l 
Hp telephone inter view 

ARCNITECT $37,ooo 
To hood firm , re p 
8*o1 
R ay 911-2711 111] »W M ilita r y 
Jab A a p # 'Is lo c P la c e m e n t ber 

E NO 'N I A ii 
SUK 
(J 'e a t to need* you* x lr i cap Coll 
M a r, i n . i i i New D o , P erson mr I to n s ils f b i HA I opp OO 

EXPERIENCED 

CIVIL ORAFTSPtRSON 
S alary Open 
________ s n m i 
_ 
I i W i n n i M CPA lo work ,n lo cal 
OC c o o n !.n a o ffic e 
S a la ry <*>•>< bend re p l.e * lo ( . p r e s s N u n * 
■ fe e m f , 7879 7__________________ 
COLLEGE GRADS 
FUNERAL DIRECTOR 
MORTICIAN 
► o r t u n e f u l H o rn * in C entral 
’ eau* Good opportunity lo. Mph! per son haply lo A aperea* N a n * 
Boa 4517 
- 
Son A ntonio TX Jte79_7 _ 
7 UR H i T UR E MA HCH ANO I SE 
SALES M A N AG A Ii 
E x p a n d in g c h a m ut t u r n it u r v c le a r a n c e c e n t e r » b o s on 
*» < e lle n ! ro re e r o p p o rtu n ity lo t un e .p e i ie n e e d M e r ib o n d i* . b o le * M u n a p o r t h * p e t it io n re u o ira * a thor High kn ow lnd u * cl m er i riu m jn .n o sales te ch n iq u e * o nd O la th e * * in v e n lo n n g and m anagem ent p o n e d o re * rn buy mu M ust hove me uUiiite lo mo 
Ii.o le tra m and d ire c t * lo « und sole* p e rs o n n e l 
A m in im u m al 
•our re a r* re ta il tu rn ,to m eapet ranee Colieue education A e 
As ie lle n ! sa lary ond ro m p e n » o l(o n 
PO c k u a * 
O p e n in g * in b a s io n . 
M iom i ond Teaos bend com plete resum e and s o le ly flu te ry lo The 
A apres* N e w t B o . 4541, Son An tome TX 78197____________ 
_ __ 
G AO Tech In p in e e r w ith esp rn 
♦■eld lob w ork, te p u rt w rilin u and o ffice rn p m l S a lo ry c o m m e u tu r 
■Sir:!1.*!? VP 
______ roe tnt lA s rts r e is u c r* 
ON A W A N I AO 
TMI N u M k ik IO CAI* 
IS 331 16oo la n a is * ANO N IM * 

ELECTRONIC TECHNICIANS 
Western has immediate openings for electronic technicians with a minimum of 2 years ex­ perience and /or training. 
Applicants should be willing to travel or live overseas. Excellent opportunities for career ad ­ vancement. Write: 
J.M. DESMOND OR C-J. PHILLIPS 
WESTERN GEOPHYSICAL 
COMPANY 
R.O. BO X 2 4 6 9 
H ee*#***, T e x e s 7 7 o o 1 
Aa* Squad Op p o rtunity Im p 1* y e MSF 

COBOL PROGRAMMER 
1-2 yn . experience or will consider recent computer science or business school p ro g ra m m in g g ra d u a te 
Submit resume and salary requirement to: 

Personnel Director 
M issio n V a lle y M ille 
F O. Bo. 141 
New Braunfels 7813o equal opportunity ampteyec M f 

T E A C H E R S Pf a ll le v e l* F o re ig n ond D em esne T e ach e rs Bae t i l 
V an co uve r. W A 98449 

TEACHERS! 
Spec lo u tin g Teacher p la c e m e n t 
B R IA R S P E R S O N N E L S rv 
H T Jo c k 1OT-Ka tte r 
81$-tm 

A R E YO U T H IN K IN G p f sa ltin e th e one th in g p v e ry o n e n e e d s - 
R e al E s ta te * We ll tr a in lu ll o r p a r ttim e . E a s y to Ba w ith o u r s p e c ia l p r o fe s s io n a l t r a in in g school -n o e xpe rie n ce n ece ssary 
We fu rn is h a il b u y e rs ond sellers te r you and help you g et licenses q u ic k ly 
C a ll I N T E R S T A T E 
818-o ?S5 III 8 p rn_________________ 
A tte ntio n A A H o a e n t* 
F re e le ad s! C oll 14t-IT94 

AVON 

B a rn money en your own tim e We ptie r tra in in g in selling par famous products 
Coll I U o941 tar infpmatipn 

"IM M EDIATE” 
I M J I) TWO GOOD PEOPLE WHO: 

A. Are willing to work 6 days, including Saturday and evenings. 

B. Not afraid to get their hands dirty. 

C. Have High School education (prefer some college.) 

D. Need to earn a minimum of $ I OOO per mo. 

E. D e s ire the opportunity to a d v a n c e into management. 

Qualified candidates apply at once to 
5o1o WEST AVE. 

Division df Rollins Inc. NYSE 

PROFESSIONAL 
SALES 

In-home or furniture 

 experience preferred 

 but not necessary. All 

 good 
(losers con­ 

 sidered. Prequalified 

 appts. furnished. Top 

 pay commensurate 

 with ability. We will 

 train you. Expenses 

 furnished while 

. training. 

Arrow 
Upholstery 

1126 n. st. 

Mary's 

227-5o51 

1oam-4pm 

WANTED! 
W I HAV! 2 OFfNM GS 
FOC UGEMSH) AGENTS 
Who would bk* to become osso elated with o growing and suc­ cessful company We, at Doom# 
Owens, offer on exuHant com­ mission structure Flamy of floor time ond comptet*, continuous pnfawonol trait- h;. Aho, if you or* currently wonting toward your requited pre licensing hours, we will consider sponsoring you ond ofter you professional train­ ing while you ort satisfying th* stat* requirement* 

 p ^ A R E A SALES M ANAGER 

Must be on indiwiduol with the ability to sell. 

W e are a totally computerized credit detection service that allows the businessman, by means of the telephone to accept anybody's check, or approve anyone's application for credit. In 3 seconds! 

 lf selected, you will represent the world's largest company of ii* kind where the 
"overage'' sales representative will earn over $ 2 o ,o o o , enjoys on ex­ cellent benefit program and has unlimited op­ portunity for personal growth. 

 lf you're confident that you are sale* management material, please coll: 

Sam San Marco-President 
DATASEARCH 
5 1 2 / 3 4 2 - 8 1 8 3 o r w rite s 
P .O . B o x 1 3 6 9 8 , Son A n to n io , T x . 7 8 2 1 3 

 dafaSsarclS 

I D H h C W i F Bafta na). 

A division of Scorch Internotionol, Inc. 

R E A L E S T A T E S A L E S 
Our expansion program laws 

 sates penitent or cereer-eneat ad person* an th or WITHOUT experience. Tour success paten tied is thoroughly explored m aor 
(ONROfNTlAl interview program N yea ere accepted, yew benefit from aor extensive m-hevse troinm f program end our proven success patterns. 
CuM terry (engrave, 824 O IH , et ear Sot Fedre Office et UM 
McGmms, 
494-7451, at ear treekhefiew Office, 1513o San 
Fedre 

S t o S O U T & V f i i T l * ^ 

REALTORS 5o YRS Of TRUST 

OW N YOUR 
OW N AGENCY 

Tram with the Travelers In­ surance compania* of $8oo per month for 36 months to become o m ultiline in­ dependent ogent 
Coll Me. 
Dougin* at 225 7661 

(qual Opportunity Lmpteyar 

SALES 
REPRESENTATIVE 

WITH 
MANAGEMENT POTENTIAL 

Dyno Systems is looking for on individual capable of earning $2o,ooo or more their first full year 

We Hove experienced a dynomic annual growth rote for the post 5 years ond we need soles people with management potential to continue to ex­ pond of this pace 

NO TECHNICAL BACKGROUND NECESSARY Our suc­ cess is the result of giving each soles represen­ tative the opportunity to earn on excellent in­ come ond advance rapidly into sales management. 

 lf you ort willing to work harder than most, call us in San Antonio, Monday, Fib. 21, after 8 A.M. 

Jim Holcomb, 512— 222-1519 

DYNA SYSTEMS 

 o div. of PortsmastBr, Inc. 
P.O. Box 5326 
Dallas, Texas 75222 equal opportunity employer M /f 

AUTOMOBILE 
J s j Q o r 

SALESPEOPLE 

Due to Promotions within our Dealership we ara now 

 interviewing for two salespersons, Men or Women, 

 to join oar number one soles team. lf you have salts 

 experience or ambitions, aggressive, witting to work 

 hard and looking for a future. We may be interested 

 in you. TOM BENSON CHEVROLET otters it all. 

Training, Company Car, Hospitalization, paid voca­ 

 tions and Holidays, for unlimited opportunity 
SEE: EVERETT KEENUM 

INTERVIEWS MONDAY 9 A .M .-5 P.M. 

NO PHONE CALLS PLEASE 
TQIWi B E H m il 
-a COOTPI Mn Otto rift VO. IO 

L O O P 4 1 o N O R T H a t S A N P I D I O 

O R A N ( Q U A I O P P O R T U N IT Y ( M F L O Y IK 

To 
H O W ? 

Make 
$ 1 3 o o o p er year m 
Real 
Estate without selling a home 
Need immediately 4 licen­ sed persons Coll tor ap­ pointment 

Deanie Owens 
Co.—REALTOR nutter Hwy ON. 
8 2 4 - 2 3 9 1 

CLOSER NEEDED ll veu ere worth tis.et# to tis ,ooc per veer and ran brave to me thot you ore a toe Hatch closer, wha is net atroid al hard wark, I have the position aeon that can end veur money worries Coll Mr Young tar (Hip i amy 349 aoli No over­ night lr eve! 

C LBC T R O N IC * 
C o unter 
Salesmen, should hove previous exp pr training in electronic* or electronic* parts distribution 
Prater recent electronic* course graduate, with a desire ta wark into a a r a m in a * -future C all m t» » between 8 3____________ 

COMMERCIAL SAUSMAN 
P ra te r truck tire exearienco 
Salary pius commission. Contact 
Ted LU ton won lls h i * 

Nrnm m m JS 

C O LLEG E G RADS 
Tbeie PRB stimulating ways to use your exp erience, B A ar 
Masters w beret in Peace Corps and VISTA We have request* tor volunteers tram *8 developing n a i,un* end tra m com m unity 
125 11531 agencies across the USA Spanish mmmmm speakers o rt needed, tee We p ro vid e volunteer liv in g el- lo wane ■ transportation, medical. athar benefit* Find but where your degree con take you Call 

H E L IC O P T E R T E C H 
IN S TR U C TO R 
Teach heucepier m aintenance and operation* a end P licence, instruction experience, bilingual 
A N G L IS H SP A N IS H req u ired , 
Geed company benefit* send re- sump ta 
AB RO S P A T IA L ^ 
CORP 
1791 
W 
M A R S H A L L 
D R IB .V R ! G RAND P R A IS , TX 
75851 ar call M I 
W M IZ E L L 
214-441 14o8 Of 119-44 I t 984 
JOB HU N TIN G 7 tlM 4 !,9 o 4 Bar- nard H o ld o u t A Assoc 
( S i lt 
342 5144 
Since 1947 
Not a afacemvni agency 

W HAM M Y ANALYST 
>1o44 i veer et p r o p r ^ ^ ^ H 
7 ‘ a i­ m in g u t p e rie n c t 

NEBO Full time aortae in Optical referred but 
*53 5897 let 
NPM Bkuvrauteo -re ig n e d But 

 tdlew iid# 
Planning, staffing, suuer vision and budgeting at i year round camp program tar i route and adults Development ut new pad Innovative program BA degree plus I veers ie camp ad m inistrstipn Apply YWCA 111 
McCullough An Bquai OtMtrtua tty Am ala,sr 

 not necessary 
; PP train Impel 
Professional Executive 
Consultants lnf‘1 
Personnel Con Sudanis 
• 143 IH 14. Suite 444 
± L L J J *U a _______ tnt ( a m is s h iws 
CACC 125-1**o 

 m a COBOL 
„ 
_ 
IBM-174, using OS-VSI prorated 
CICO or ALC helpful P rim ary responsibility will be I* assist in 
Rte implementation at a payroll 
BbBgpf personnel svtfom 
UT HEALTH SCIBNCE CENTER 
778J Floyd Carl Dr Sot Amarna. 
T a 

.... in *? ! T tfy tT is ft r n t f t r y 
San Antonie ISO has an URGENT need tor C ertified security Of 
Nears Requirements, Certificu no* unemployed St days arter ie a a a iic a tig n , ro n d o in im e d ci area, aagiicatrans accepted at m e Austin St 
SP ASSOCIATES Professional 
Employ men* Cen sultan!* 
814-5573 - tow Plato W 
S T R U C T U R A L 
S T E E L ' D E ­ 
TA ILE R * minimum 5 yr* OAR*r- 
Mace 
Tea wages, o*.i«m » 
__________________________ 
IS 715 16o6 tXPttSS ANO NI WS 

TEACHERS 
Look mg tar an alternative? Look to P eace C aras and V IS T A . I 
Teacbers in Coolish, math gen I e rat science, P S , B u tin * * *, spacial and elem entary *d are needed in Of developing notions i and to r m any *u t-a l-s c b o # *i education program * boro in th* 
States Peace Cora* and v is t a I pro vid e volunteer liv in g ai tewaisce, transportation medical other benefit* Coll i l l JOT 5925,1 t . t «, Coded__________________ ; 
Oodorw ritmo Sup,, 
Cern merci lines oversea « people 
513.ooo Cell Phil Arroyo 
SNELLING A SNELLING 
I P 
I 
*♦ W a i t e >5o 
A x i l . 
4 CIV! 

Corrugated Box Lines Rapreten totted, guaranteed salary plus cam m isiran. local orpa. must baya awn tra n sp o rtatio n , call 

I T P A L Z . . '“ • • A M U 
O oiios Basad M a n u la c tu ro t 
Representatives Automotive Re placem ent P orts in d u s try , is se soma regional manager caver mg Austin, San Antoni*. Cereus and th * V a lle y 
E x g o rip n c a absolutely necessary Send re sum* Ii. F O tex 4547 Express 
News, San Antonia, T i 78297, ll 11* 'r a n f' dentist 
_ 

D unli Ohms Cl 

 l l . C u n n i Office 
NOORI 
Experienced Real Estate Sales 
Wanted a registered C IV IL EN 
____ 

OT?ifip? S t T f r V V . I S f t . W S * 
• ■ ‘ ••••’aped (TO COME SELL position pf C IT Y E N G IN E E R 
WITH US IN THE SOUTH I l k 
G raduate in civil engineering tram p Seutbwesl conference school preferred Experience in design and construction of street puvmg. water and sewer linos ond storm sowor* General knowledge , et municipal operation* ond od m inistrativ* experience hptptui 
Desirable fringe benefits nape liable salary ms excess at l i t doc ann ually 
Apply City pl West 
University Piece. 3848 University 
Bauteeard, Houston. Texas 77485, call Assistant CRV M ona**! 

Poaate wha Aesir* to succeed a t* 
_ 
C 
W ITH U t IN THE SOUTH CEN 
TEAL PART OF THE C it Vt VPU con gut ON TOP" ond Star 
ON 
TOP'1 Gy taming gar Sates Force' 
WE hay* peoR listing* lo sot AND provMt a 
Creel 
Commission 
SctMNSuiS' 
IF YOU ARB INTE R ES TED 
Con BW Borrow tor confidential interview 9$*- 7311 
EARN |1 ,IM ar m o rt par mo. sewing security service 117-1777 
IHI N U M *!* to (A il 
15 115 lo o * 
I X 48133 ANO NI WS 

Exceptional Salas C a re e r 
LE AR N ABOUT THE SUCCESS 
OF REO CARPET REALTOR S 
Na blue s k y ' We w ill lu st ta lk actual porter mane* Our top sates people o r* earning SI,5oo-51.38o commission pgr mo ll you nay# a desire, we w ill provide the rest 
C all Bob W a n d risco to r a con tidontial interview *98-1133 

RED CARPEL 

FCH CHARK 

MANAGER 
Ladle * Special*v Shop Northside 
Location Apply only it you have proven spies obtbty C a rte r per sots and missy custom er* must ti* serviced M ultiple sales arg th * backbone et this operation Ad yqncom gnt o p p o rtu n ity F ring e b e n e fit* S a la ry a b tn u t. In te r ­ view with resume 
CALL M IS * TAYLOR 
__________ 124-5441 _________ 
FU LL TIME 
Telephone Soles Operator und Supervisor 
I positions. Tom I ] end 4 lp m 
M on B r l , Sot 
1o lp m 
C e ll 
97* 3148 or corno bv 1728 |w Mill 
IP T P f, 
Insuronce licensed Agents 
We bove qualified leads tor you 
Suit* 544 So Tow er GPM Ride 
A tor COT Insuronce, t a r n l) noon 

 educational representatives 

In te rv ie w p ro s p e c tiv e s tu d e n ts fu ll tim e fo r o n * o f tfse w o r ld s leodirvg h o m e s tu d y sch ools. 

IT you Boyo the abri.ty to commuiucote with people et oil tarots, a background in educotion, busine** or pubkc contect, ond ors dmptnfi od with your potent income potential we mold bko to talk aith you 

Ute otter o complete train mg pogrom, on exclusive advance com mission schedule and compony pod benefits end .. 

I I AOS 

Too eiN be catting on people aho hey* requited information about our business et vocational course* 

$ 1 6 , o o o o A N N U A L L Y 

 by * 1xo111119 *> «v*fog« lust 14 student* pm arak 

 fit further information or to onongo on mtervMa COH or aute 

B o b M o ff ltt 
M o n . A T y e *. 9 a .m .. I p .m . 
5 1 2 - 6 7 3 - o 4 9 4 
2 1 1 9 G o in g * M ill 
Sews A n to n io , Taw as 7 8 2 4 5 

Mature, tig e r ie ne od Hero! route rates person tor wtraiesete Moro! compony Permorsent Aggty M i 
W josephine 
M 
/ M 

I would Uke to meet a mon who would tike to earn t i 82 or 11,o44 per week starting this wack Coll 
Mr Dee stater 542-7184 ar 341-34/1 after tom 
____________ 
JUNE LE W IS A ASSO CIATES 
Sates Placement Service, *38 N E . 
Leap 418. Suite M4. ( I t tee/ 

Men or Women to soil ouo lity steaks retail Progressive coni mission*, now vehicle immediate hire COT 8B4-4847, /arn 4om 
Need I Rood insurance men for solos and service, experience p re fe rre d but net necessary 
Good pay Coll Mr Carton 1 2 j*j4 i far appt 8am 4pm 

NEW Q U A R TE R S ' 
I G row ing doo m , need m ore agents lf you wont e chance to 
; • ••’'• ■ "4 learn white you i r e * 
I with us. ceti soon 
MAC R g A H S T A T j 838 ISI! 

NINE OUT OF TEN 
PrpfossiOToi* wan t rood this od. but we have a roto opportunity tor a tew sated aaapte in th* (laid of 
Advertising and Developm ent 
Your e arn in g * w ill depeno on your backg ro u n d ond your willingness to work We artar u fan lroim nt erogrem it yea ere e t hard w ork Q u alified persons grossly#, noel end w itlin g lo sand tartar* and resumes in car* j learn call Tem or Bart Jet 4847 et PertPMtel Dept, 18o8 W Avo, i d SJV/ Jo VS Evgs 828 4874 f 
T A / f f i L------------------------ 
( ll outside soles aer sots. some n net ss a n d Nfw s 
(jeep reg Comm t lS -ltlt 

LEASE AND EARN 
We need en exgpnenced leo sing ogent or we will train you in our teasing dept Applicants must bo familiar with opt industry. Inter isled persons must submit a Ie* ter bf reference* end resume and also have a current real astate soisman* license Earning* arg dependant on your ability ond 

EXPRESS-NEWS BONUS ADS 
2 ukes $ T 
TEXAS SIZE SAVINGS... IO days 
# 
Mi 
. • RSM M I jMBM! MBB mBp w B^Bh i B d B W 
RF B l w 

NON COMMERCIAL! 
CANCELLABLE 
WITHOUT 
RAT! CHANGE 

I 
J £ JK L J K L 

Q U IC K RESULTS! 

6G2 SALES 
6o2 SALES 
682 SALES 
6o2 SALES 
6o2 SALES 

NEW 
DATSUN DEALERSHIP 
OPENING SOON 

Applications are being taken for experienced sales people and qualified service technicians. 
Ex­ cellent career opportunity, fine working conditions in new facility, many good benefits including in­ surance, hospitalization, etc. 

Please send resume or letter of qualifications to: 

OUR EMPLOYEES KNOW OF THIS AD 
APPLY IN STRICT CONFIDENCE TO 
SAN ANTONIO EXPRESS 
P.O. BOX 449o 

INTERESTED IN 
NUTRITION 

(PART TIME SALES) 

General Nutrition Inc. is looking for mature sales people for our location at 
516 
E. 
Houston St. Interested in or knowledge of nutrition helpful, but not necessary. Previous retoil sales work preferred. W e pay com­ petitive wages with a good commission pro- gram, designed for top notch sales people. j]|t. Hours would be mainly weekdays with no night work ofter 6:3o p.m. lf you are interested, please apply at: 

GENERAL NUTRITION 
CENTER 

516 E. Houston St. 

 l 
San Antonio, TX. 

Apply on Monday, Feb. 21, v from 9:3o a.m .-5:oo p.m. 

1 AAA A AA A A A AA AAA AAA i t A A A A AA AI 

IF YOU 

• Have A Real Desire To W ork 
• Are A Self Starter 

• Feel You Can Sell Anything 
To Anyone. 

We would be interested in talking with you. 
All leads furnished. Pleasant working con­ ditions. 

Apply In Person To 
Western Aluminum 

2418 Jackson Keller 
Equal Opportunity Employer 

* 2 
, 9 
1 3 
, 4 
4 
o 
66 HOMES SOLD by the N O KTH CFNTPAl O H ic* o f the DE A N H O W I NS 
C O 
O nly ONE o f the 22 offices in town 
H ow was it done? by the h e ft com bination o f h a rd w ork, a ttitu d e , a n d trainin g, training, trainin g. The w inning team h a t o pe ned a new office, a n d is lo oking fo r m ore to Ikt to tram , tra in , tram lf you believe in yo u rte lf, a n d have a d e iire to learn, you m ay q u a lify to r the p riv ile g e o f w e aring 
A RED COAT which is the fin e d te llin g to o l in the city to d a y, o n d is a 
O N TOP 
. C a ll m otor rec:ton we are 

Foul Phillips at 3 4 9 -3 53 5 for a confidential interview 

ATTENTION LICENSED 
LIFE AGENTS 
Are you a good life producer not earning w h at you 
.desire? Hove you considered the m ulti line approach? Is prospecting a problem ? It you desire to chat regardin g the possible rewards o l m ulti line, a unique m arket, nest p ro ­ specting, and a host o f other unique foetors, it m ay be w orth your time to investigate. 
W e o ffe r a N e g o iia b le salary plus bonuses, (not d raw ) and excellent fringe benefits. 
Call Frank X. Rodriguez b e tw e e n 1 1 -2 e t 5 1 2 - 6 5 5 - 7 5 1 3 
HORACE MANN 
EDUCATORS 
An (s w l Opportunity Imptoyar 

SALES MGMT TRAINEE 
$13 ,5o o Salary + Bonus 

Second Yr. Income Approx $2o ,oo o . 

Fee Paid By Employer - Duties include app rox I yr in field sales o f consumer products. W hile in the fie ld , the individual selected w ill be adm inistrated ond schooled in sales m gm t techniques. Q ualifications must include a college degree and experience in either jr reta il m gm t or a jr grade m ilita ry o f­ ficer. Career opportunities are excellent. C om pany auto and expenses provided. By A p pt O n ly. 

Thompson Employment Service 

. ♦ ♦ 
♦ 
♦ 
♦ 
♦ 
♦ 
♦ 
♦ 
♦ 
♦ 
♦ 
♦ r t f 
♦ SALES ADVERTISING 
A Notional publishing company hat immodioTo opening in t 

- southern Texas Position includes specialty otto Company benefits “including built-in expenses ond high com­ mission Present representatives ore in the $25,ooo 
$35,ooo doss range pee year Applicant must have ex 
Bf penence iii specialty display advertising soles, for further 
^ information ond to arrange interview coll: 
MR. LEROY Collect 
Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday 
1— 214— 272-o646 
Garland, Texas 

 a 

♦ 
♦ Sun Star Guide 

OUTSIDE SALES **** UP 
N o tic e Car ♦expense* ♦ b e n ­ ch!* Bilingual Brad 
Nich A Assoc Emplovment f r y 
»H4oA S an P e d ro 414-U44I 

S3 PEB HOUR PLUS co m m istio n Ie *fo rt, colim a en 
VMr costum er* Car necessary 
Must be neat end 
(leon cwt 
W i l l ) _______________________ h e r son needed tor route sales co p r e te n tm ? lo c a l te e d munutat lu re r Will tram it nee es 
Miry Might person can excel to statewide representative in 4 * m e a l** For appt contact Sales 
My lib A lii 

P M A K M A t I U I l f A l s 
FSE PO tv *oo+BONUS ♦ CAA’ 
NAT L CO EXPANDING SOME 
COLLEGE CALL *o4 MOO 
FINNE Y A Assoc Personnel 
Cons S ilt Cuttoohpn N o m 
Plum* Or pan Sutesper son IM Ft 
N tea net h ave experience in colima these products but some ptuvme ability Job opportunity o fte r p o te n tia l et 11o * 2o,ooo u spending en abilities Will trout 
Apply to Exptess News Box 24* 1. fifer, 
___________ 

1 2 5 9 Jackson R o ller 
3 4 2 -2 3 9 1 

START YOUR OWN BUSINESS 
WITH FARMERS INSURANCE HEIR 
Does owning your own business without in­ vested capitol appeal to you? Does influencing people give you satisfaction? Have you more- thon-average initiative, self-discipline and stability? Can you budget yourself on $ I o ,o oo- 
$12,ooo annual guaranteed while acquiring the experience and knowledge to earn more? Com­ plete training in auto, fire, life and commercial insurance. 
For a confidential interview, call 
Charles Manly at 494-3571 or 6 5 6 -8 2 6 6 . 

Exclusive Ladies Shop 
Needs personable sales personnel! 

• Rapid advancement 
• Hospitalization program 
• Employee discouunt 
• Profit sharing plan 

Inquire in person to M r. Norris 
MENGER SMART SHOP 
756 North Star M all 

•W e Se by Our Clients" 

$1o,8oo-$ 13,5oo 
(BASE SAURY) 

We ore presently representing a fortune 
5oo 
Company who is seeking 4 individuals with qualities of leadership and aggressiveness who con become port of their EX 
PLOSIVE 
EXPANSION progromt 
Individuals applying must be degre ed ond preferably hove experience tn the retail 'wholesole market. 
Soles Trainees will also be con stdered for this position if they have demonstrated a definite pat tern of o<J>»evement while at tending college Compony cor and expenses, exceptional bonus pro gram FEE PAID Coll June lewis 

$18,ooo 
(BASE SALARY) 

Our client compony, o national concern is seeking a professional sales PRO. one who bos successful soles expenence, for their Son An tonto based territory colling on builders and architects 
This is a rare opportunity for those who ore motivated by incentives for there is no SSS Iwmtcjhom FEE PAID. Coll 
Monday to arrange on ap pomtment 

I I I 
S A LE S y i 

JUNE LEWIS I ASSOCIATES 
SALIS BtAClMiNT senna 
SIONS. Im * 41o 
Suit* 2o4 
8 2 * 9o67 

$48 TO $156 

PER DAY 

Inttinotionol 
Corporation 
Ex­ panding itt staff in the Son An tonio Aiea 

We ore the only Compony in the World tho! otter* the pro­ gram we otter 

Compony paid Vocation Plan*. 
Travel to those exotic plate* you hove ohiroy* dreamed obout 
I 

I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
L 

Mole or female. 
Time 

 willing to work 

Full or Pori 

Apply in Berun TOO PM 3 3o 
PM. 7oo P.M Sharp Sunday, february 
2oth 
Monday, february 21*1. 

 lf not Available fot these dote* phone 
512—828-9123, for later appointment. 

AMERICAN 

TRAVEL CLUB 

18oo N.E. loop 41o, 
Suits 2o6 

(Horry Wurzbach 
Turnoff) 

Son Antonio, Texas 78217 

P riv a te E m p lo y m e n t A g e n cy 
! C ounselor 
C o m plete tra in in g 
| program . Good phone v o lt. with 
! co n tro li bote* oxp ♦ m o tiv a tio n ! 
Or aw ♦ comm ♦ bono*** ♦ tria g e * I 
M gm t potential Call 922-4JM M i** 
. Beet tar appt 

Real Estate 
I need I ogent* that need an in 
I come in e»ce*» of SH.ooo fbi* 
I year. 
71* 4424 
Beanie Owens Co 
R t ALTON * J.H or con O ft 

Real Estate Sales 
It you are licensed and consider mg changing c a m p a n ia * a r preparing Ie apply tor a licence, c a ll i m tor an interview In odd) lion lo a generate* com m ission 
I ccnedulo, we o tte r e xce p tio n a l oftico accomodation* rn excollont location* pfu* M etal soeurrty and 
M e d ica l ln » u ro n c e p a y m e n t* 
RUES KLINGINSMITH. 142 41oo 
WORLD RIDE REALTY 

TOP SALIS 
OPPORTUNITIES 

CALL VIC SAHNI 
8 2 6-96 71 
LOCKE 
Employment Service 

SALIS RIP. ' 
Sol** tip i Two yton roHtg* lelocot* rn TI To SIOK V bono* ♦ tor 4- exp fee rtloca 
Hon paid 

SALIS RIP. 
Btmmurn three year* ouhid* vale* with came locnpony UoMe tu tu over 25 Bolt ar Ternate 
SIOK ♦ bong* 

SALIS RIP. 
Office equipment coles expt 
S II ♦ comm 

 h *uppke» 
Molt or (emote Ta 

SALIS RIP. 
Experienced chemical cele* ut dividual To SITH draw 

SALIS RIP. 

 exponent* in outud* tai** el budding mat*nob To STIAX ♦ comm 

CoUNTIR SAUS 

Auto background prelened Ta 
SbOO month Foe reenb 

826-9671 2446 Cabob* St 

SALES 

LIMITED TRAVEL 

Guaranteed weekly draw pfu* training incentive* from S2oo to 
S35o against liberal commistion* 
Senior talesmen earning SIS,OOO to $45,ooo 
Management op­ portunities. 

FRINGES INCLUDE HotpHaluahon. life 
Insurance, 
Brott! shoring. 
Retirement 

You receive sates training in th* territory Our products ac* non­ technical ond readily learnable 

We seU la lh* Industrial. Food 
Rioceswng, Automotive and In­ stitutional Morket High quality products bring profitable repeat sales 

You must hove a successful wark or sett employment history Sol** background optional 
A lot* model cor requited 

Cen Yow OuoPtyT 
Cand I h w iw Tot 

OII IC TOO Of MUS 

DELTA FOREMOST 
CHEMICALS 

PO BOX. BOSIO 

I OWW* Opper+uwfty Dnpteyor 

6o4 TECHNICAL 

Son Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS- 

6M JPWCAL 
6o4 TECHNICAL 

Sunday February 2o 1977 
Page I 9-C 

686 ADMINISTRATIVE • 
6o6 ADMINISTRATIVE 
FINANCIAL 
FINANCIAL 

<S> 
SP ASSOCIATES 
Professional Employment 
Consultants * 
18oo N.I. Loop 41o 
828 5573 
IT COULD 
CHANGE YOUR 
LIFE! 

SALES 

 r $48 TO $156^1 

(Call Sandy Howard) a Appointment Only 
I ion* listed Below ara 
1 
Faa Paid 

INDUSTRIAL 
Soles Manager Prime client has 1 asked us to present qualified . person with a solid background in electrical products such as panel ■ boards, switi htwuirls, busway*, etc. [ 
Will supervise o staff of 3-5 in od dition to making key account call* j on electrical distributors, con­ tractors, ond consulting engineers. I 
Responsibilities include hiring ad­ ditional help for new division ! 
$22,OOO $25,ooo base plus semi 
! annual bonus pius all extras. 
1 
MEDICAL 
Surgical 
Instruments-Notional ’ manufacturer has San Antonio tar- I ritory opening for medical special- j bt to sell to hospitals anc) sui I goon* A very technical position I that actually requires individual to I scrub in on surgery to learn pro j ceduros of product* sold $25,ooo ! lo $27,ooo range plus extras to I 
\ person familiar with general line 
* instrument. 

V 
V 
* 
- 
SWEARINGEN Wjti 

A \ / t A k 7 ir > I V C O T f P O H A T I O M 
.w d flH J l 
Continued growth of Swearingen Aviation Corporation ha$ created a demand for additional employee$ desiring careers in aircraft manufacturing. 

Swearingen Has immediate requirements for: 
PRODUCTION 

• Sheet mefol mechanics minimum of I years experience sheet- metal assembly 

• Air craft Systems Mechanic minimum 2 years experience 

• Aircraft Inspectors minimum of 3 years experience, A and P license preferred 
ADMINISTRATIVE: 

• Secretary require I -2 years general office experience type 6o- 
7o wpm, short hand 8o wpm. 
PROFESSIONAL: 

• Design Engineer Structures 

• Design Engineer-Systems Both positions require BSAE, BSME or equivalent + 3-5 years related experience preferably in avia­ tion field. 

• Senior Program Position requires complete working knowledge of ANSI, COBOL, recent experience and proficiency with IBM, OS, 
JCI. 
COMPANY BENEFITS INCLUDE: 

R 
O 
B 
E 
R 
T 
R 
O 
L 
F 
PEflSONNEi AGENCIES 
Suite 34f> 
FirM National Rank Bldg 
S+en Antonio, 1*i4t 782o1 
<M?> m 2467 
PARTIAL LISTING FINANCIAL 

CONTROLLER/CP.A. 
$25,ooo to $32,ooo 

 rn tre p re ru u rla l personality fo r to to ! responsibility for oil production, d rilling co., 2 o % occtg , 8 o % finan cing, leasing, negotiations and o pe ratio ns mgmt 

PLANT CONTROLLER 

Bilingual, English 
Ironies industry 

STAFF ACCOUNTANT 
$18,ooo to $24,ooo 

Pi*'pare consolidated finan cial stmts 
K now ledge of 

$13,ooo to $17,ooo 

Spanish. Supervise six, flee 

SEC and 1oK regulations a must All public OK 

OFFICE MANAGER 
$ 12,ooo to $ 15,ooo 
Supervise three 
G o o d DP know led ge 
Responsible 
♦or design and im plem entation o f systems and hardw are selection 
Responsible for production and shipping schedules 
PARTIAL LISTING DP 

HOSPITAL MCR. SYSTEMS DEVELOPMENT 
$3o,ooo 

Hospital softw are developm ent exp required. 
Supervise IO Report to Bd. o f Directors. Can com e from hospital, vendor or softw are firm. 

DATA BASE ADMINISTRATOR 
$25,ooo to $28,ooo 
Piefer M fg experience, strong design la rg e O S shop using IDMS & FCAM 

MFG. ANALYST/PROG. to $ 18,ooo 
M ust have 3 7 o D O S /V S , C O B O l A H vy m fg ap plications W ants someone to grow w ith com pany. 

 with 
IMS-DBA 
Requires IMS Design fcxp 
COBOL Min I yr expeiente 
NO CONTRACTS— NfVIR A Ff f TO THE APPLICANT 

 to $22,ooo a ud it recovery, 

FLASH 

W e need additional men for our sales staff in the greater 
San Antonio area 

• Job Stability 
• Group lift Insurant* 
• Group Medical Insurants 
• Liberal Vocation Benefits 
• Disability Benefits 
• Job Posting 
• Jury Duty Pay 

| I. An interesting and 
5 challenging life- 
3 time sales career. 

| 2 High commission g earnings with re- s newals. 

3. Opportunity promotion. fo r 

• Retirement Program 
• Insured Sick Pay 
• 9 Holidays 
• Tuition Assistance 
• Bereavement Pay 
• Company Sponsored Employee Activities 
• Reserved Pay Differential 

Swearingen is a growth oriented aircraft manufacturer competing in the general aviation industry. We ore committed to o policy of promotion from within ond of­ fering employees opportunities for advancement based on their individual ability and performance 

 lf you are interested in knowing more obout these openings ond a possible future with Swearingen, telephone Paul Gronoto, Personnel Administrator, of 824 9421, 
Ext. 319. You may also apply in person at the employment office, Swearingen Aula tion Corporation, International Airport, Son Antonio, Tx. (come East on Bitters Road post Blossom Athletic Center, turn right on NE entrance rood 

I IN AN* *A» 
A I Ct** 
,i OW.» es Urn*** *>1*1*4 

YMI N I 
%<—t »<• 

4. Sales experience not necessary, but an asset. 

5. Good Pension and other fringe bene­ fits. 
■ lf the above appeals I to you and you g would -like to get | ahead, then coll 
349-3718 from 
9 | a.m. to 2 p.m. 

RETAIL ACCOUNTING 
ASSISTANT CONTROLLER 
AVO ID TAX SEASON STRESS 

Heavy retail store accounting experience re quired Salary to $ 1 6,oo o plus good tw nefiia 
Report lo Controller, O pportunity to advance 
Height and weight m ust tie in proportion. All applications held confidential Send lofter and legume (no agencies, please) or « ail 

Mr. Brenner or Mr. Grimm. 
5 12 -2 2 3 -716 3 
SOLO SERVE COMPANY l i t SOLEDAD. SAN ANTONIO TEXAS 782o5 

GO? Silts 

2x2 
S A LE S 
A D V E R T IS IN G 
SALES A D V E R TIS IN G N otional p u b lis h in g c o m p o n y h a * im ­ mediate opening in southern Tex­ as. P o m p to n m m ( in c lu d e * specialty aea Company benefit* 
“ including built-in expenses" and high commission Present repro sentative are in the t2S,oBo*J*.ooo clos* range per year A pplicant m u st h a ve e x p e d rle n c e 
In s p e c ia lty d is p la y a d v e rtis in g 
■sales f o r fu rth e tn to ra m a tio n and to a rra n g e in te rv ie w c a ll: 
M m x*E WAX MR LE R O Y Collect 
Monday. 
Tuesday, ^Wednesday 
11-114-271-o444 
_____ 

ENCYCLOPAEDIA 

BRITANNICA 

Again we must apologue to many families who hove sen! in re quest* for information regarding 
BntonnKO 3. We pat den t have enough itpretentohve* to follow up ond sell lo prospect* in their home*. 

BUT WE ARE TRYING!!! 

REPRESENTATIVES 

URGENTLY NEEDED 

$8oo per month or more in rom mission* possible We will train you Must hove cot We work mainly on lead* appointment boti* Full tim* only 
7 3 2 - 2 1 o 5 

•YO U R 
OWN 
AG EN C Y* 
F o rm e r* In s u ra c n c * G ro u p otters complete training program ond all types OI insurance. Con­ tinue present lob w h ile s ta rtin g yo u r own agency on p a rt-tim e basis. Training and supplies fu r­ nished Eor a confid ential in te r­ vie w . co n ta c t Sales M a n a g e r, 
J e rry M cD o u g o ld th ro u g h the 
E x p re s s New s. Box No *21*, t«2»; or m il at 824 t i n 

SAN ANTONIO COLLEGE 
IS HIRING 
Mointtnanc* Technician 
III/Refrigeration 

Three or m ore years e x ­ penence in refrig era tion to include boilers, re frig e r­ ation compressors, ven­ tila tin g equipm ent, pumps, m otors, ond other house equipm ent 
M ust be in good physical condition 
$ 5 6 8 to $ 7 7 7 w ith all 
District benefits. 
(A pply 
Personnel 
O ffic e , 
1 3 o o 
San Pedro Avenue) 

ADMINtSTRATIVt 

FINANCIAL 

6o4 TECHNICAL 

ELECTRICAL " ! 

INDUSTRIAL 
SUPPLIES 
SALES 
We at* opening a second warehouse ond need a tales person to cod on processing plonts to se! piping systems. dull bits, t^'i dmg wheel* ond other indu*taal product* 
Contact 
• i l l Sc He I g 
THI PMRY SHANKLE 
COMPANY 
P O. b o x #69, San 
Antonio 7 *2 9 3 

CONTROL 
CIRCUIT 
DESIGNER 
Some expenence with electric power detrgn would be helpful job include* close work with m production personnel lo oiiur* O quality control of oiocttuol J system* this tt o full tim. (ob I with growing compony 
■ 
Contact Tam lyons 
Refrigeration 
Engineering Corp 
San Antonio, Tx. 

ST. FHIUP'S COLLEGE 
IS HIRING 
Audio-Visual 
Technician I 

High sc (tool graduate or equivalent; must know basic electronic* (Frow to use volt-ohm meter & to moke clean tight solder connections); basic know ­ ledge o f 
C lo s e d c irc u it television ond audio eel ups. $ 4 5 2 $ 5 2 5 w ith oil 
D istrict benefits. 

(Apply 
Tot mot.. 
Personnel 
In 
Formation 
O ffic e , 
1 3 o o 
Son Pedro Avenue) 

FINANCIAL ANALYST 
Cgrpgrata treasury Feectiee 

International energy company 
(NYS! t Fortune 5oo) seeks un in dividual with IM ond ut MIA in fmoiK* with O I yow exponenc* to perform duties associated with 
(mn management, fortcotllna, 
ROI studies and other bowk treasury function* [icedont op 
Maundy ond cweor exposure 
Pleas* contact immediately, PhyUis 
Mom*! (517) 1711414, ext M7 

Ttsoro Petroleum 
Corporation 

An (qual Opportunity Fmpioyei 
M/F 

SECRETARIAL 
6o8 SECRETARIAL 

 r 

 j 

DIRECT 
SAUS MANAGER 
Immodwt* opening far rn dtvtduol who n tell motivated with a strong desire to make money Prefer tndtvidugi* with exponent* rn construction hwdww* safe* if you wont a Sales Career with 
• fugit potential, protected let 
•celery and override, send 
Resume to Express News 
BOX 7598 

ELECTRONIC 
TECHNICIAN or ENGINEER w ith design capabilities and expectance* in solid state technology 

LANCER CORP. 
235 W. TURBO 
Son Antonio 78216 
512-344-3o71 

SAN ANTONIO COLLEGE 
NEEDS A 

Learning Resources 
Technician 

(Television) Associate d e g ­ ree m electronic* or fete vision system maintenance or equivalent com bination o f experience ond education; tw o years o f recent television m ain te n a n t* cmd operation ex penence 
$ 5 2 5 month w ith oil D istrict benefit* 

(M phH 
Office, 1)oo law Padre A va) 

SAN ANTONIO 
COLLEGE 
IS HIRING 

Director Student 
Financial Aid 

•echelei s Degree lequired with a 
Master's preferred, three year* ex penence in Student Aid et (lovely 
(•kited wen. expenence with federal 
Government type ai counting reports 
Iwkgcound in rounseling or other related social work $14,5oo to $16,ooo with all 
Ont bonofrt* 

(Apply Personnel Office. DOO 
See Pedro Avowee, Rn* MM) 

B t * 

I I C 
* 
* 
* 
* 
* 
* 
* 
* 
* 
* 
* 
* 
* 
* 
* 
* 
* j|c * lc 
SECRETARY f 

Excellent opening for plea$ant, copable person ¥ c 

 to assist business executive. Must type 6oWPM, * 

 use dictaphone and take shorthand. 
Free 

 parking. 
Many fringe benefits. 
Salary 

 commensurate with ability. 

For a p p t, call 2 2 7 - 7 5 5 1 

 cm e q u a l o p p o r t u n ity e m p lo y e r 
* * ifc Mc Mc lie Mc* lie ik lie alt steak tic ikaicjkik^ 

Representative, expanding cu needs am bitious person tor selling new toad tine to reta il 
*1o,ooo Call Betty Grant 
SNELLING A SN ELLING 
Emu SVC, t i Gilt Suite IS6 
R E T A IL SA LES PER SO N 
The 
D e sert Sun in P alm S prings is loos mg tor an experienced relent a d v e rtis in g re p re s e n ta tiv e 
Potential unlim ited tor rig h t per son E se lfin g tost g row ing new soaper in o resort m arket Excel i lent salary and benefits Reply ta 
Bud Nogel 
THE DESERT SUN. 
SH S PALM SPUING*, CA *1242 
(714) 1166444 
*12,(o6 Betoil Sales Trainee 
De g r e e d s * ! * * e x p e rt N e t') ca 
! promotes ♦A ltu re Paul Citer 
; U M M 
41J SIN M ilita ry 
Jobs South Placement Service 

RETAIL S84GQ 
Vie *11-1711 111) SHU M ilita ry 
J_ Job Experts Inc Placem ent Ear 

B o u to D riv e r a n d s a le s m a n . 
Sm all loos d is trib u to r re q u ire * experienced route salesperson to d is trib u te sem i p e rish a b le food products, ground floor upportum tv Send resume, inc lading mon# tory requirem ent* ta Boule Sales, 
P O Box t m * son Antonio, 7(2)1 
SALES G IB L w a nte d, m ust be w illin g to Ira v a t. to n g h o u rs , rew e iry show s C a ll 14* 4 *2 *.. 
Ma** be w illing '<■ 'uxt- 
U' up( 
Salesman, tap St far experience rn attice supplies, no travel, call Jo t 
7)2 21*1. 2 *o West Avo 
Job* Nor lr, In, 
I' iu, «.,n! s ,< 

SALESMEN TAKE FIVE! 

D IR E C T S P E C IA L T Y 
S A L E S M E N 
O N L Y 

M O N E Y P A lo D A IL Y 

S IM IS * d a i l y t a k e h o m e 

NO IN V E S T M E N T 

D A Y T IM E S E L L IN G 

TA K E S M IN U T E S 
ANO C A LL 349 $4o7 
TO G E T T H E D E T A IL S 

SALES BC PBE SB NT ATI VE 
L e a d in g c e s iu m # te w le ry w holesaler s p e c la lliin g in m e r­ chandise tor variety, dr .count and s p e c ia lty sto re s has te r r ito r y open Company is stoking expor lenced sales re p re s e n ta tiv e to h a n d le e s ta b lis h e d a c c o u n ts 
L ib e ra l com m issions Com pany w ill consider cond.Dole w ith non c o m p e titiv e side lin e s P e rso n must be aggressive ond w illin g to tra v e l Send resum e: S u p e rio r 
Jew elry and N ovelty Co .2o* W. 
4th St .Cincinnati Ohio 4*2o2 

SALES REP. 

SALES REP 
Immediate opening tar a m ature, self sta rtin g responsible person w ith p ro v e n s a le s r e c o rd to 
C o p re s e n t San A n to n ia 's Be- 
* peeled name in Security Draw- 
Company Auto Paid Insurance 
Apply tn Person IO to 4 doily 
SCCUBITY WATCH SCBVICCSn 
INCm 

^ 
' PDhus St. 
•IA U roue w .NI ad in tm i xeetss nsw s 
CAU 21* 144o 

Solos oxpr, 2 yrs college Relocate in 
T h 
T o 
S KO K ♦ bonus ♦ car ♦ expenses 
Poe and relocation paid Cst! Vie 
Soli m 
Locka Em ploym ent Service 

 m 
H a l f s a l e s t b a i n e s s/ n o 
Le ca, growth spat, great co 
O ciivt.ii Oui! Pox SAAo4oo 
P IN N E Y A Assoc Personnel 
Con*. SO)* Callaghan N a ll* 

Shoe Salesperson 
.M ust bo exp e ltenced, p e rm o n .n l position, needed im m ediately 
Contact Old HIO 
Unique growth opportunity with a 
*2oo,ooo,ooo com pany to r those who q u a lity , c a r, s a la ry , and commission ON SNI___________ 
Wanted aggressive self starter to soh our product on g commission basis, vehicle program . Chance tar advancement with a grow ing 
- > ' pug* Coll NO-4211__________ 
Warned 
Young, aggressive gee pie twhg wish ta become prates lie n oi sates people to learn alec 
I Iro n ic cosh re g is te r business 
Must be a high school graduate, 
; car necessary Start al *4o# gar month with commission on soles we will trawl, apply in parson ai 
Eiediger Inc., 1o12 San Padre. San 
Antonio. Tx 
Equal O pportunity 
IS S & Z S i___________________________ 
H S I 444 
: fle e ts * . no n u n *_____ 

SAN ANTONIO 
COLLEGE 
NEEDS A 
M ain ten an ce 
Technician V 
(Electrician) 

 licensed electrician tor aly area 
•itk five years et more af ex penance 
SMS to $917 with oh 
District benefit* 

O O O tai' 

MAP O BAPTIN G, I years exper lance m inim um , sa la ry w ith ex* p e n ance ond a b ility , b e n e fits , 
Perguson Mpg Co , 22* moi 
P rogram m er, dotoshuia. Coloni 
Soler y open beginner p ro g ra m m e r, D egree 
I Cobol. Start SOHM 
Century Placem ent Service 

■ l a j E i t r n v u u " i7 i 

C H IE * ACCOUNTANT 
AND OFFICE MANAGER 
Requires degree and experience in m ill process accounting Duties in vo lve m ill and m in in g ope ra lio n * in S I Utoh Send your re sum # in c o n fid e n ce to A T LA S 
M IN E R A L S , ISO* P ru d e n tia l 
P lata Bldg Denvgr, Colo Xo24S 
An Equol O pportunity Em ployer 

’ 
EXECUTIVE TRAINEE 
Trom for office m gm t' Prater age 2* up' Some tollage! P ayroll and bookkeeping background nee' 
Gloi .a o24-o22/ Job Placem ent* 
E m ploym ent Ser S ilt Son Pedro 

Factory Manager 
Smart, ale rt and salt m otivating in dividual w ith previous produc lion end rnonagem .nl experience 
M ust have m et ironical aptitude 
W ill be re s p o n d sib ie to r w a rk s c h e d u lin g , p ro d u c tio n , m an agamont of m aintenance and SO employee* M r W aller Barth will in te rv ie w by opp! only, a l The 
Root Co , i l l S Flore* Si Equal 
O p p o rtu n ity E m p lo y e r 
C a ll 
22) 2t«.) tor appt 

I L 

ADMINISTRATIVE 
SECRET ARIAL 
ASSISTANT 

W ill serve as secretarial 
I ll assistant ta various 
Ex 
' 

 ecol.va* 
Challenging post 
J 

 lio n w ith grow th potential 

Must hove 3 to 5 year* jj 

 secretarial experience. 
J 

Shorthand or dictaphone, j 

 type 6 o 7 o wpm W ill io n 
| 

 sider lesser q u a lifie d in- h 

 dividua l on individual 
Ii 

 basts 
Complete flin g # 
» 

 benefits, 5 day work week j 

Southside locution 
M ail 
J 

 resume and salory re- 
| 

 qutrem eni* to 

 liprtos-Nawt Box 2629 
I 
S A 78297 

AN (OUM OTTO* I UM IT I MPtOTI B 
J 

•fUPTtOOUS! 
Anural*' typing, detophon. TR, flush el 
Im* 
General attn* work, bookkeeping knowledge peter red SOOD ♦ exieNent benefit* 
St IM T ACT 
- 
55 oo wpm. general aflite, no shorihond ie q d , 2 yews expeieiMA, 4o bour week. SOOT! ♦ Insuteme pouf 
•OO IKifPUf - MfD 7 IO Rey by 
(ouch, 
55 OO wpm, bookkeeping, accounting, 
41 haul week, rk, $64o mo 
(AU NU RHI AUM! 
S II— 736 7264 m o m y o N A i u t t u i t v i 
I UHM* I A tm 
NM MU taut ta* MMM! ' 
4741 IN IO, Swie* 44o 
FIEST KAHOKA! BANE MOG 

6oS RESUMES 

♦ 
♦ 
♦ 
♦ 
♦ 
♦ 
♦ f 
RESUMES 
A 
FAST 
EFFICIENT EFFECTIVE + 
171s 
A 
Utters oHLgpJicahoft J 

T g ia w N tM 

Im SmoM i I Assoc 
828-o742 

♦ 
♦ 
♦ 
♦ 
♦ 

■ 
Manager tra m ** Nett retah ca tram s lo management 
*44oo ♦ Call Don Daniels 
SN ELLIN G A SN ELLING 
Em p Svc, ** Gin Spite 2*o 

MIGHT AUDITOR ASST 
* night* a week H am Tom Apply in person to M r 
Bobt M a u n n s 
MONGAR HOTEL A MOTOR INN 
Betail M gr Trom#* 
T P A . Appliance sales. 
o mo 

SECRETARY 

H igh school g ra d u a l*, soma collage work pre fe r­ red, one year o ffice ex p a tte rn *; typo 6 o wpm, shorthand and bilin gual skill preferred W ork 2 OO 
1o 
1o o o p m . 
M onday through TFsursdoy, 9 OO to 
5 o o p m on 
Friday 
$ 4 5 o to $ 5 o o month w ith 
o11 benefits 

(A pply with 
M i 
Sonny 
Soke, 
Southwest C enter, 
8 o o Q um tono Rood ) 

~ 5 t a n u y s m it h 
SECURITY, INC. 
Now Erupting Applet orion* lei 
SECRETARY 
With 1 4 jyrs oxwgHonea l.q u titi typing OO 45 wpm ond dx tophone 
Shorthand demo bl#, oui Ml essential Appbcont* should be neat in app.warn* end bove ability ta week undar pressure 
Apply In Barton 
Man In, 8-S, Sal. 9 1. 
STANLEY 

SMI IN 

I ' SECURITY INC 
1 -• 111 Wast (Niwot 

I quol O p p o rtu n ity Impieytr 

 i f ^ w m v u o B - 
* 
BOOP l f (PING i l l PAIA 

 program 
Coil Phil Arroyo 

I 

*o4o4 
(H E L L IN G A SN ELLING I tit ty bvt, OO G ill Sutlr 2*o 
TE LLER t r a in e e * * km 
Got your tout in th * duo. + live th * goad h i* 4o4 o4te 
PINKE V A Assoc Personnel 

6o8 SECRETMIAL 

COMPUTER OPR $8oo 
Vie 931-2/11 12)2 bW M ilita ry m 
Exports inc Placement ber 

ELECTRO MECH $8oo 
2 yrs aloe loch trainin g 
Bay m 
2711 122) EW M allo ry 
Jab Exports Inc Proc em eel ta r 
Electronic T e d ); Non ca. win from on equip, serviced 
*1o.oo4 COH Don Darnels 
SNELLING A SN ELLIN G 
Emp SVC, OO OMI iu d * 2*o 

Electronic Tech. natl cg. wdi tram on equip serviced 
*1o,oo# eau Dan Donuts 
SNELLIN G A SN ELLIN G 
. - t a i t t frill Iu d * ISO 
EX P E R IE N C E D 
ARCHITECTURAL 

DRAFTSMAN 
P e rm a n e n t p e titio n 
R e p ly 
Wingier B Sharp, A rchitect*. IT I) loth St Wk ii.la Palls. Tx TOMI or 
<•>> (O iZ U tt i m ________ 

INO EN6NR SUK vie o il n i l ta u EW M allo ry 
JOB i a p e rt* inc P taco m a# I t a r 

B C LIA E LE RESUMES 
W RITTEN REASONABLY 
______ 
SOS M M im S T M T M ■ 
■ E M L 

AD M IN ISTR ATIVE AIDE 
• a m u Betterm ent ana 
Development Corporation 
: P ro fic ie n t a d m in is tra tiv e 
; caaabHrty et loos! ) yrs adm an* tro lly * supe rvisory experience 
: Steno re q u ire d lo t u n .m o r n . meeting* M u tt type 7o wpm. be abt* to function with m inim um or no supe rvision, bo tn co m p lo t* charge of adm in dept B ilingual in Spa rn sn and E n g tith preferred 
V e rb a l and te c h n ic a l com m on n o tio n skills » day work wa ok. excellent w orking conditions and o p p o rtu n ity to r a d v a n c e m e n t 
Qualified person may apply el 211 billy M itchell Rd 41* o124 Equal appar tunny emp toy*.___________ 

RANK 
NEEDS LOAN TE LLE R 
M utt nave tuft understanding et in s ta llm e n t a n d c a m irte rc id i loans, tiling, docum entation title work, cgMo l«. a. etc Cell bo two en 
I earn 2am, 4oo-o1oo______________ 
CHANCE OP A LIPE TIME 
E nergetic, sates orien ted »io k 
Call M ary (2o-44(4 Maw Day Per sunn#! Can sn*. *o1 NE Loa* OIB 

Bank Socv, stim ulating position w ith prom inent bank 
S4oo Call Kathy Staines 
SN ELLIN G A SN ELLING 
E m f Ive, PQ OML S p ilt m 
Corporate S e cretary, stoa enter th# challenging w orld el in ternet'! trad# w prestigious firm CaM Jo Singtolon 
SNELLING A SNELLIN G t f f l f b f i * f s ii.v iM if r ia ____ 
ISIK) woo Exec Soc. N-S. plush e tfic a . top s k ill* , c o ll A n d re a 
722 21*1, 2*o1 West Avo i m i N orth m i. Plgcem t Svi_ 
I E x p e rie n c e d L a fP l S e c re ta ry who con lake charge and handle business and real estate Ii an soc 
: tu n s w ith m inim um supervision 
Eatery cpm m onsurpt* with ability and exp All m a u .ru * cenliOeniiul i 22) 2 
1 
o 
4 
____________________ 
6 KBE P IC NC ED S E C R E T A R Y needed tor versatile u h Short# i and, typ in g , and some ge n e ra l i attic# w ork Salary com mon s u r­ ely w ith s k ills and expe rience 
; CaM tor appl 
Bool Candle Co 
22S19oo________ 
CX SECY I I I N 
Be# ad bv VIP bbs* Plush office M arilyn 4o4 MOO 
BINN EY A Assoc Personnel 
I 
Cops, SKS ^yMognm. 
Legal Sects T ri 

N 
P f g 
B 
P 
I 
Im m ediate Opening for axpprianctO 
SECRETARY rn sales cmd m arketing dept 
Rpqoiiomonts fast typist, bright, neat ap 
Peotone* and a b ility to meat public 
M an fit . 8 am 5 pm 
G o o d com pony benefit* 
Coll Ms D uvall 
* 9 * . M O O , B a t, GW for appt 
Turlla Crwwk 
Country Club 

I 
I 

I BOOCKitOING JU BAIO 
) how* tx taunting. 
$ stet I mr rent bank b e o k k ^ l 

 un ems gad. annuc renew (pH Ms tKeauuw 
$ 11 -71 61263 
BBW (U L CONS 
E IA)IM IO m 44oll 
J 

MAJOR Birn* needs m ature sect 
*4oo Coll Jay MO 44*4 New O ut 
Personnel Canstts, *o1 NC Loop 
41o 

O B B IC E M A N A G E R P P #d*d. salary aogotiabt*. requirem ents include Irttl# typing, buoek.vu.nq expert*ne# helpful and good with figure*, pleasant telephone von » 
Cpu MV 444o on Monday. IO a rn I 
RWT 
_____________ 
SECRETARY *4oo“ l ike lo talk and get mines rig h t! Coli M arilyn *44MW) 
BINN EY 4 Assoc Per sonny. 
Cons. M I* Cehg fhan N u ll* 
S e cretary, hie dictation. * day, 
B a n k e r* I m p 
: rowboat. 124-412) 
Iv e ., 1744 

 im m ediate opening, plush etfica 
1644 ♦ CPN J J ilt Mathis 
SN ELLIN G A SNELLIN G 
Em p Ewe, (4 GHI Spile 2So 

I Legal Sect needed by Tinsmbn 4 
Hauser IBM NCC Bldg ! legal exp required Solar 
Houser 
HBC Bldg ! ♦ y rs 

 depending on ems R roftl sharing. p re lit* and h e a lth in s u ra n t* . bonus, paid o v e rtim e . 22SU l t 
M rs H ernandei 

Secretary, outstanding future with inter national firm 
S/oo+ COH Key Davis 
SNEL L INO 4 SNELLING 
- E B E 
, secretary Out* to loom personnel, growth oui...on N side s ilo ♦ cult ju ne Mathis 
SNELLING A SNELLING i m * 6y«u OO GUI suite ivo 
S4So Secretary Trainee* SSI* 
N# cag noel Type ♦ shorthand . 
o4 Jove* Best 
*2) 4JM 
111 SW M ilita ry 
Jags South Placem ent I i . u k 

Secretary Ie V IP . excellent gen eft!*. S day. 14*o P e n k ti* Em p 
Ive . o)oo Crowned!, 42o 411) 
SECT V Brant data person, super co DOO G ro a t la g ! C a ll Sue 
(2o o4*4 New O ey P e rs o n n e l 
Con sits, *o1 NE LOPP HO________ 
LECY Super Cpl Typing and gen alc *4oo Call D e* (2o 44*4 New 
Day Personnel Can s ift, *o1 NE 
L M t i l ____________________________ 
CALL 22* 1664 

San Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— Sunday February 2o 1977 

6o8 SECRETARIAL^ 
6o8 ■ SECRETARIAL 

 ll 
A CCO UN TING/ SECRET A RIES 

8192 W E E K 

N e e d h ard w orking intelligent individ uals to handle division bookkeeping fo r fast grow ing hom eb uilding firm . Involves statistical typing. W ill rep ort to division controller. 

Requires typing 5 5 wpm , IO counting, bookkeeping, o r m ath rela key b v touch, 2 yrs. experience in a c­ etated fie ld preferred . 

$ 3 .7 o /h o u r, 4 8 hour week, 8 -6 M -F, 9 -1 2 Sat. Time an d h a lf over 
4 o hrs. S a la ry an d perform ance review EVERY 6 /nos. C om pany p a id insurance, hospitalization, m ajor m edical, 2 weeks p a id vacation. 

 lf you like to stay busy a n d are looking fo r a perm anent position with reg u lar p a y increases ca ll our personnel office at: 
349-8o57 

M o n d a y thru F rid ay 8 to 6 o r m ail resume to 

 s i n - n m t e a m 

 r rs s r n 
■ 

Secretary $7oo ■ lUAsir inf rsr it* a1 I JI rn a rustI aver | | 
I 
I 
111 

 r n 

 wort ref prat, of largo and ever txpondmg firm. Type SSwpm. 
Ability to occept responsibility is a must for this position 
Maturity, poise and self reliance 
All benefits paid by company and rapid raises. ik Mat T orsi 
. 
IMPROTA? (MV M M V KH 
W 
£ 
4438 CMTERVKW ML 732-9618 J 

A STAR IS BORN 
On Every Temporary Job 
TYPISTS 
STENOGRAPHERS 
KEYPUNCH OPERS 
EXPERIENCED PREFERRED 

CAU ANNA 732-976: 
SHBK* 
Ovality Temporary Help ive. 
96 Gill Rd., Suit< 25o 

CHANGE IS 
W HAT PROGRESS IS 
ALL ABOUT 

M in Tm pu H K 
WtHi a friendly 
Mn 
S 

 y ouflu of* for 
(th. 
Your loon ground and accurate rya. 

 officer. A nicer rtotf w ould be h ard to find................... 
4A O O + . 

BI m CHARGE 
T^hflScmohfl comfxmy oH rrt 

 great deal of responsibility 
Typing, o p le at ant telephone voice, ability to think fast on your feet, in oh o trave l ar* 

JeePeST .*??*1.".......... $6oo 

IT’S UEGAll 
A he* requeited our om ittance In locating the confident b ookkeeper to take core of their tract 

IE ADER OF TW PACK took age mer p ou ib llltie c with fille unucoel opportunity. 
Com plete 
“ 
' 
‘edge end will put you 

 b oo kke ep in g hnew ledge eupervftery background put you In lid* lo vely office 
I you cen plan on H 

 r r r . r v u o o . 
Cad Flambie Smith 

 reliant opportunity to a cce l in 
H ilt firm will b e e l great value to any bookkeeper with legal or trusts end estates b o o k ­ keeping. fe e P a id ............................ $ / O O t 
YOU CAN COUNT ON IT 
A top ta n Antonio financial In. 
••Hut Ion 
Is seeking the ac­ com plished bookkeeper able to take care of the m ony responslbllitlet 
In their customer service section. I i - parlance 
In proo f, cashier, fe lle r, w ould be valuable to fill this suporvisory position, fiv e years of bonking required. ro e bald 7 7 .7 7 7 . 
Off K I MANAGER 
Progressive n o 
_ wonts to reflect their com pany 
Im age with rn most attractive secretary. 
ResponsibUitiet galore! 
D eal with m any prestige clients oil e v e r the country and handle this busy office, fat cellen t typing re- 
Quired. fe e P a id ............................... M O O . 
Cad Maggie Sheerer 

*8 oo 

TW ONI AW) ONEY! 
O ur client Is seeking that ve ry special type of person who 
— — I si. - ----------l l>Hi4ies a 1 Cl 
9nfO|f| TINI rBtpOnilPlmlBI O' *1 one pe rson office. 
You w ill lo ve yeor new office and this great northside location, fast, accurate typing and some lite dictation aEnllty a must. fe e P a id ............................... *7 oo. 

 fU U CHARGE BOOKKEEPER 
This local CPA Arm has asked us to help In Anding their client a full 
Charge 
B ookkeeper. 
There will be ne parking p ro­ blem s and you w ill h av e Ate type o f boss who appreciates your ability to take ev e r their bookkeeping system fe e P a id ...............................*7 75. 

Rf CiFTIOWST /TYMS T 
_ 
______ r this ve ry 
WON known builder In Son An. sortie 
Beautiful offices end 

Individual. Typing of SO wpm end die Soph one a must. fe e P a id ............................... *5 oo. 
Cad Joyce Baker 

688 SECRFTARUU 

Seeking legal secretary with e x­ perience In tria l procedures and a b ility to perform duties with a m inim um of supervision. S a la ry com m ensurate with e xp erien ce , and a bility 227 31o4_____________ 
Sharp secretary, 445o, work with ; president of m otor co. Call Bosey i 
732-2191. J SOI West Ave. 
Jobs North, Inc, P lo co m l Sec 
W A N T E D : B ilin g u al. B ic u ltu ra l 
S e c re to ry to w ork at h is to r ic site s A p p lic a n ts sh o u ld be el- I helen!, self m otivated and have s k ills in ty p in g , ste n o g ra p h y . m in o r b ookkeeping and p u b lic r e la tio n s . G e n e ro u s s a la r y available for right person. 
MMI se. 
I U 
A D M IN IS T R A T IV E 
S E C R E T A R I A L 
61o OFFICE & CUBICAL 

Account C lerk Trainee, 8-4'IO. S da y, is is . B a n k e rs E m p . Svc., 
8/oo Crow nhill, 826-4113_________ 
Accou nts C le rk , *2.5o an hour, some experience requ ired. N S. call Andrea 732-2191- 25o1 West 
Ave. 
Jobs North, Inc, Plocem t Svc 

Sears) 
Part Time 

Auditing Clerk 

For morning hours. Earn extra money, plus get 

 an immediate employee discount on purchases. 

Apply: Personnel office, Central Park Store. 

Aa Equal Opportunity Employer M/I 

Sears Central Park Store 

KEYPUNCH OPERATORS 

Minimum I year Experience 

Port Time 

I Nights A Week 

A P P L Y IN P E R S O N 
FROST BANK 

PERSONNEL DEPT. 
I OO W . Houston St. 

(qual Opportunity Em ployer 

 i l L 
MEDICAL 

 m f 
J H I 

SANTA ROSA MEDICAL CENTER 
AND VILLAROSA ANNEX 
Hov« Immediate Vacancies In The Follow ing 
_______________Positions:_______________ 

SANTA ROSA MEDICAL CENTER 

R EG ISTER ED X -R A Y T E C H N I C I A N S ? to 3 
(S a la ry N e g o tia b le ) 

L IC E N S E D P H Y S IC A L T H E R A P Y A S S IS T A N T 

VILLA ROSA ANNEX 
• L V N S - 3 -1 1 
• E E G T E C H N IC IA N - S h ift I 

Excellent working condition! sud fringe benefit!. 
Apply In Person 
ERSONNEL OFFICE 
PER 
Santa Rosa - 519 W . Houston St.; 228*2343 
V illa Rosa Annex - 5115 M edical Dr.; 2 2 8 -2 6 3 4 
An Equal Opp triunity Employer 

O 
L 
K 
M i nuofs 
I U SKILLS TRAMS S i t - B U U S TRAMS 

JOBS - JOBS - JOBS 
(Temporary) 

Friedrich, A Division of Wylain, Inc., has openings in the following areas: 

 f 

RN s & LVN’s 

N E ED ED 

FOR STAFF RELIEF SHIFTS IN: 

Tool & Die M a k e r (Grade 8) 

M aintenance M echanic (Grade 7) 

Electrician (Grade 7) 

M etal Shop Set Up O p e ra to r (Grade 6) 

Press Brake O p e rato r (Grade 5) 

Die Setter (Grade 5) 

$4.94 
$4.59 
$4.59 
$4.2o 
$3.8o 
$3.8o 

P E R S O N A L IT Y * + + 
*55o 
Plush office needs your sec skills. 
Call Lynn 828-4494 New Dov P e r­ sonnel Conslts. 9o1 N E Loop 41o 
Person with some experience in advertising ond layout w ork (or catalogue of m ail soles. Also light 

 duties. 
734-2o78 
Call for interview. 

R E C E P T handle ofc fo r su p er co-Fun tab, plush ole 545o. C oll 
Sue 828-4494 New Doy Personnel 
Conslts, 9o1 N E Loop 4)o________ 

 l f 
I.C.U. NURSING 
11 
NURSERY 
CHARGE NURSING 
NURSING HOME 
Day* & Shift* O f Y o u r P re fe re n c e . 
Private Duty 
ASSIGNMENTS ALSO AVAILABLE 

N O FEE!! 
N U R SE FIN D E R S 
! 2 2 6 - 6 3 3 3 
7 3 o N. M A IN 

Reception front office skill, top st tor top gal. co ll Bosey 732-2191, 
25o1 West Ave 
Jobs North, Inc, Plocem t Svc 
Receptionist; personality 
Plus! Meet and greet the elite 
*45o+ Coll Hay D avis 
S N E L L IN G A S N E L L IN G 
Em p SVC, 94 Gill-Suite 25o 
Receptionist; top position with rapidly growing firm 
555o. Call Kathy Starnes 
S N E L L IN G & S N E L L IN G 
Em p SVC. 94 Gill-Suite 25o 
RECEPTIONIST AND 
GENERAL OFFICE 
A nsw er telephone, greet public, type, experience on IO key adding machine, good with figures. Good com pany benefits Apply Don s A 
Ben's 4oo3 West Ave, at Loop 41o 

A C C O U N T * C L E R K 
Lite povobie* exp or some kind of bookkeeping Lite type 
R ich 4 Assoc Em ploym ent Srv 
484oA San Pedro 824-o441 
Advertising rcept ; loin the creative media, unlim ited future, 
*45o C all B arb K ln d rick 
S N E L L IN G 4 S N E L L IN G 
Em p Svc. 94 G ill Suite 25o 
Attractive part tim e secretary. 5 to 8 pm preferred, 344 1125 
A utom obile d e alersh ip 3o m iles fr o m S a n A n to n io n e e d s f u ll ch arg e bookkeeper. M u st hove experience Excellent salary and frin g e b e n e fits . T r a v e lin g e x ­ penses paid Send resu m e w ith exp to. PO Box 188 Hondo, Tx 
78841 
4 Very Special Service 
New Doy Personnel Consults 
♦OI N E LOOP 41o-tuile *18 
Bank ti ainee career oppty . advance with tost growing firm 
*425+ Call Julio M athis 
S N E L L IN G 4 S N E L L IN G 
Em p SVC, 94 OiH-StMt* 25o 
•BANK TRAINEE • 
M D grad! *45o o m ot C areer 

IMMEDIATE OPENINGS 
• ACCOUNTANT, $9oo + , Lucrative career, call Bob Haines 

• MANAGER TRAINEE. $9oo, executive frame#, call Dick Powers. 
• SECRETARY, $7oo, airport area, cad Fat Kirk. 

• KIT FUNCH OPORTO! $$5o + , ISM 129, call Irish Tenet. 
• ASSISTANT BOO** Et FER, $$oo + advancement, coli Irish Tenenf. 

• SALES RIF, $12oo, compony car + expense!, call Susan Money 

• HIU CHARGE BOOKKEEPER, SISO, plush affies, call Dick Powers. 

 a STAT TYPIST, $4oo, AAA CO. call Bab Haines 
• General WYKE SECRETARY $4oo, ake bess, call Susan Mooney 

• S te in ARY RECEPTIONIST, $4oo, Learn insolence, cell Pat Kirk. 

SNELLING & SNELLING EMPLOYMENT SERVICE 
82o3 Rough Rider 
657-1123 

Receptionist; leading NS co., versatile du ties* raises 
55oo. Call B arb K lndrick 
S N E L L IN G 4 S N E L L IN G 
Em p SVC, 94 Gill-Suite 25o 

•receptionist R elieve your p a rk ­ ing and t r a flic p ro b le m s, join grow ing c a In relaxed NS area 
*5oo. Call Jo Singleton 
S N E L L IN G 4 S N E L L IN G 
Em p SVC, 94 Gill-Suite 25o 
R E C E P T IO N IS T 
545o 
Fantastic spot' Your sm ile, type gets northside lo ci Ann 878-4494 
New Dov Personnel Conslts, 9o1 
NE Loop 41o 
REdE*tl6N($Y B S ------ 
Fantastic Spot 
C oll Lynn 8244494 
New Doy Personnel Conslts 
9o1 N E LOOP 41o Suite 518________ 

S525 RECEPTIONIST 
Type 5o1 Good phone voice! 
S P E A R S P E R S O N N E L Srv 
2o7 Jockson-Keller 
8241292 
Receptionist Bookkeepei 

 i * " " 1 n" 
S 
Lutheran General Hospital 

 n o w in t e r v ie w in g f o r 
Registered Nurses 

Full tim8 and part time positions are available in the following areas: 

• OPERATING ROOM 
• EMERGENCY ROOM 
• PEDIATRICS 
• MEDICAL SURGICAL 
• INTENSIVE CARE UNIT 

W e o ffe r a revised sa la ry p la n , frin g e b e n e fits a n d g o o d w o rkin g co n d itio n s. 

Apply Ptrsonngl Office 

7o1 S. Zarzamora 
434-5252 Ext. 418 

[quo! opportunity employer 

G loria 8244)227 Job Placem ents 
E m ployment tor, 5 JI e Son Pedro I 
B A N K T R A IN E E 
; 
L ite type! G ood ad va n ce m e n t! 
C oli Brad tor tost hire 
R ich 4 Assoc Em ploym ent s rv 
484oA to n Pedro 124-o441 
Beginner Accountant, good ben- j 
•hts, 5day, *9,44o Bankers Em p. 
Svc , 87oo Crow nhill, 8244123 
B eg in n e rs delight, office c le rk . ! type 5o. advancem ents, call Cm dv 
732-2191, 25o1 West Ave. i ons North, Inc, PIQ' em! Svc 
B ILIN G U A L R E C E P T IO N IS T 
I 
Plush top firm ’ Lite type! Some I occt payables Brad 
R ich 4 Assoc. Em ploym ent Srv 
484oA San Pedro 824o441 
BOOKIE *84oo F E E P A ID 
Great location, att benefits, bankers hours Amy# 484848o 
F IN N E Y 4 Assoc Personnel 
Conv 54J5 Conoghon N o m 
4 U o G E T AN D A C C O U N T IN G 
D E P T . C L E R K rn retail fire and home appliance stere Must be bilingual. Spanish 
E n g lis h L ite b o okkeepin g and some credit or collection e xp e r­ ience h e lp fu l WHI tra in . V e ry pleasant work t person attice 
P a id va ca tio n and s ic k le a v e 
Purchases at cost Coll Mr*, te n w id e s 227-9394 tor interview 
C A N 
Y O U 
T Y P E ! 
U se d ictap h o n e n o rth sid e o le C a ll 
Dee 828-4494 New Dov Personnel 
Conslts. 981 N E L oop 41o 
*4oo Catalogue Counter **bb 
N ot ! co train s+ p ro m o te* from within Need 2 Pout E lle r 
923-4344 
413 SW M ilita ry 
Jobs South Placem ent Service 

CLtRICAL SlObwk 
Type IO. strong math bkgrnd 
Sue 922 2711 1233 SW M ilita ry 
Job Experls lur Impi em yin ir-r 

CLERK TYPIST 
Excellent typing skills necessary and appd c le rica l aptitude Ver- > softie person tor diversified duties such as phones, proofread and I r e c o rd k e e p in g 
C o n ta c t M s 
Schm u 124-4385 An equal upper 
I 
•-mployvr 
_ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ 
Clerk Typist *45o to start type 45, exp desired Colt Bosey 732-2191, 
25o1 West Ave 
Jobs North, mc, Plocem i 5vc 
C o lle c tio n te lle r, bonk e x p e r­ ience, 5 doy SSM bankers Erne 
Svc , I/ OC Cr#woful! 8244123 
MBWM 
4 day wk. speak Spanish 
M arion 922-2711 1233 SW M ilitary 
■lee Experts Inc Placem ent Ser 
C O U N S ELO R F E E PO 
E x p o r tra in e e ! top m o n e y. 
Relaxed atmosphere 
R ich A Assoc Em ploym ent Srv 
♦MOA taw Pedro 8244*41 
M S . P U B LIC R E L . *433 + 
Handle the preen, pest and type Me M itt! 484-8488 
F IN N E Y 4 Asset Personnel cons 5835 Callaghan N o w 
D R ’S R E C E PT IO N IS T 
Attractive personablepuu« 
924 4411 U n ite d P e rs o n n e l 
Consultants *44C I w. M ilitary 
PT. 
Ounhili Personnel Service 
888 NW LOPP 418, 444 G P M So 
**41744 
E C O N O R E S O U R C E * 
Needs Career Consultants 
________ 
499 1o15 

K E LLY G IRL 

W A N T S T H I B IS T ! 
• SECRETARIES 
• TYPISTS 
• STENOS 

 it PAID VACATIONS 
★ REGULAR RAISES 

* NO FEE 

 it NO CONTRACT 

C A U O R C O M E IN 

Kelly Girl 

A DIVISION o r M U Y s o v ie ts 

4 6 o 6 C a n t a r v ip w D r. 

S u it* I 5 4 
7 3 6 - 2 4 5 5 
^^8*n*e^|jjperiv«M*j^r»gley*w. 

WI MED TOU* 
DIG ARNONE 
TYPISTS 

GENERAL CLERKS 
SHORTHAND 
1o-KEY 
ACCT. CLERKS 
KEYPUNCH 

Our only lequwemenl is on* ytat of c itru l exponent* W« otter 
Vocation Pay, Instant Poy and 

Ion urn. 

Cp« Helen at 824 25oo 

 r 
O P E N I N G S 
5 

WfCfPTKMBT $55o 
Previous work exp. os a lecep horns! Id* type 
&{ Houi oma $mo+ 
Good typing. Some Id* book keeping ex* Will ham 
SI CMT AEY $5oo $4oo 
Prefer loose exp. Type and SH 
6owpm 

EfCIPTtOtWST $2 JO M L 
Ut* type — will tram 

SECT HCIPT $5oo + 
Type 
SS M , answe rn greet clients 
■ Task Maalorsl m 
UXeiOVMMMI MCVICI rn 
" L*Bll£ir~ °*BlB**'* JI 

 fg W o rt tor Advertising Agency M ust be a good typist. Good sa la ry , excel- 
I lent office con dition s, com p an y 
I benefits, call for appointm ent. 
732 *114. 
Royol G iobr Insurance Compart ie* needs a c o m m e r c ia l lin e s 
I rater Salary open depending on e x p e rie n c e Top b e n e fits. C a ll 
| M rs W a lsh 341-8*41 fo r a p p t. 
I Equal Opportunity Em ployer. 
R V b A R f s AHD 1 7 7 1 1 1 5 1 7 
I C L E R K , must hove B V , port* and 
I a cc e sso ry sta re e x p e rie n c e or 
I p rio r background in auto ports, warehousing, m arketing, or m ili- la ry supply. S a la ry com m ersur- ote w ith e x p e rie n c e . A p p ly in person at South Texas T ra ile r* . 
1121o IN 3* North, near W eidner 
| Rd exit or c a ll 453-41*1, ask tor 
B ill Dln*m ore.__________________ 
^ R x ’ ty'pist. need 2 career, m aior co. 52 SO an hour to sta rt, c a ll 
Ro**v 712-2191, 25o1 West Ave 
Job* North, Inc, Plocem t Svc 

• LEGAL STENOS- 

TYPISTS 

• MTST A MAG 

CARD 

OPERATORS 

W a have tem porary 

 assignm ent available now 

 apply today 
MANPOWER 
TI Mf'O* AKv Af 

*3o 
<v*e#s» 

CLERK/ 

RECEPTIONIST 

Pi *!•» pi evw in expotSO^ISP 

Amp** phons billing kl* typing, general attn* 
Glory tom ms motet* Pith eipottffet 
Kaufman, Inc. 
926 frgdgricfcsburg Rd. 

CHURCH'S 
H ob o p en in g fo r 
Accounting Clerk 

IO key by touch ragweed, no ripen*nu neteitary, mini hey* high tehee! education 

Cal! Diana Millar 

735-9392 M f 31o 

 f i l e c l e r k 
Need (I) 25 W P M * 
914-4481 U nited F o rsa n eel Con sonants 444-C 5 W M ilita ry O r 

GENERAL OFFICE 
Lite typo! Na esp act 5425 a m oi 
Bdl 824o227 Job Placem ents i matey m eat to r p i* te n Pedro 
G IR L F R ID A Y heavy secretarial ond pdm m istrptiyo rosponsibiitiv, tost typing and transcription Re- 
I sump Box 11442 L A . 78212 
*458 Inventory C o n lio> lido to key bv touch, 
Joyce Bott 
92441o* 

Cxe with figures 

E xec M an cos 
• rte with 12 hours at accounting 
I day. *9,4*8 B o n ser! Em p Ive., 
87(4 Crownhill, 824o123 
F E E PO R E C E P T IO N IS T 
P trtPBOW helpful I S M on Fr| 
924 o411 United P orso n n o l C op suttees* 4oQ-C I R M attery O r 

FiAMAlKCE CLERK 
Accurate type, credit t ip 
Bee 91417) I IIJI SW M ilita ry 
Job Export* lee F lu irm e w t IPT 

P O R S A L K 
Excellent position with too notch 
N o rth sid e firm . O nly lo p flig h t career personnel should apply 
S a la ry c o m m e n s u ra te w ith aoauhtatKMie. It you hey* and ore w illin g to u sa p o w e r of observation and thought and con ive* at toast o8 W PM , wa hove the on n e t I c ti Olton#* 5 day week. in m elt attractive oHice. with tree corking Sand brief resum e Ie Ina 
Blackwell, Luke Sautes, Inc P O 
Box *357, Ban Anionic. Tx /lib * 
Interviews. February 17th and 
________ 
F R N K B H A L L 4 CO 
N a tio n a l in s u ra n ce b ro k e ra g e fir m h a s o p p o rtu n ity to r In ­ d ivid u al lo coordinate progorty ond ca s u a lly cla im s with in s u r­ ance com pany W orkable know lo d p o of c o m m e r c ia l a n d in ­ dividual property casually CM urn, required HOWOVPf# ACPW OXP In claim s exam in at ion to not nee** to ry Cp u Ja ck C arter at 2244181 

41) SW M ilitary 
‘wiszzszirsr 
Good co no ops sharp yea! Typo. hPPdto con pie Con App 824o494 
Now Day Porsonnol Conslts. 981 
N E Loop 41o 
KEYPUNCH and help in data precessing and some typing Over IS preferred 
Perm anent M ust hev hove own tra n sp o rta tio n E x c e lle n t cern 
& 
° "» h*B#*ils A p p ly Don » 4 on s»8o3 West Av* QI LOOP «>o 
KEYPUNCH S325 
I yr oxp en 549* Can So* n i l l ' " I I I iw WH,lo .. 

SECRETARIAL POSITION 
F o r U nited W ay A g en cy. T yp e 
I SSwpm , e x p e rie n c e w ith P B X telephone system . B ilin gu al. A p­ ply in person Inm an C h ris tia n 
Center 12)4 Colim u. Contact Pat 
H e rn a n d o ! 22 9*41 E x t 4o. A n eauol opportunity em ployer 
S i? Kl f t A ll V. good Typist to m . w e e k e n d w o rk . N o n -s m o k e r please apply 41 H illsid e M an or 
831o Gault Lone 814o4o4________ 
Secretory R eception ist m ust be e x c e lle n t ty p is t, aood on te le ­ phone, tough, re so u rc e fu l, p e r­ sonable. responsible Top sa la ry 
] for top person Please do not coil 
I unless you possess a ll Q uantico 
J »OW*_ 349-3155 M r Hill 
J Sm all q ualify oil firm needs on 
I exped O il ond G as bookkeeper. 
J Excellent salary Coll 223-3897 

TELEPHONE COLLECTOR 
C ollection agency needs person j with credit or collection exp to 
I become a telephone collector No 
I outside co ils M u tt be neat, ag­ g re s s iv e and h o ve good c le a r 
; speaking vole* E xce lle n t colory 
' with bonus. 7347171 A C C O U N T 
S E R V IC E * j Typist receptionist, good benefit*. 
5 day. 558o Bankers E m p SVC., 
I o7o8 Crownhill. 8244123. 

L m m u 
. 
S P E A R S P E R S O N N E L Srv i 2o7 JPckton-Koltor 
o28 1292 
“ V R T i A G I T A N T U U ------- 
Smit*. Groat custom er* Pile 
Lite b o e. M itt! 484848o 
F IN N E Y 4 Assoc Personnel 
Cons. 5435 Callaghan Nol2S wA h fift Lictor* person for San 
Antonio branch 4 * day* G eneral 
J o ffice e x p e rie n c e , a cc p u n tin p 
I b a c k g ro u n d 
E x p e r ie n c e in credit. K now ledge et com puter 
[form s Send resum e to P O BO X 
33o48 HOUSTON. TX 77P33. 
A tom lo c a l C o lle g e s tu d e n t 
C le rk Typist, bookkeepin g exp hoiptul. Ne sm oking. te e d pay. 
FIS H E R S MSO N E Loop SIO 

612 KUBICA! 

 iw iE F M edical le c h A i l * . *xp n e c e s s a ry . S ta rt S it e m onth . 
Good benefits Contact Jam es S 
Neat, Pros., M ission H ill Mentor 
URI H o s p ita l. S h a w n e e , O k la . 
TOSO) 485 171 234o 
CUhcat latToatory hoi p(Jillion tor m ature person tor Asst S u pervi­ sor in editing and reporting sec­ tion M u tt hove brood knowledge of different tacet! of c lin ica l lob ond be a v a ila b le to w o rk ite m 7am sh in C o ll M s H ickey 
*9o HIO 
Eau ol opportunity em ployer 
■ B ifu S tfT B lJ L E W v T r o n 'mT O T 
O rt OH Ins bkkpr 
*556 DOE 
Oak H ills Mod Bldg 498-o918 
M edical Dental E m p Serv 
— 
B F R Y X r U l U Y A h t --------- 
5528. I g irl attice, ast dr 
Oak Hun Mod Bldg *9o-991# 
M odical-Dontol Erne Very 
D tfH T X t W a i l W H T I e w o r V tn c h ild re n 's c lin ic P a rt-tim e or tull-timo CPR 43413*8 tor opp! 
D ire cte r'e l nurses, top ,ob five hands, raises epee 
Century Placem en) Service 
I U W Century B id s 3441173 
" w i N f i t f f t m i m n — 
Ureentry n « u r f , esp 4 individual 
O ak H rilt M a d B ld g oo49818 
M edi- m Den tai im p Serv 
O owhTiw n M D d esires m e d ica l 
T ech n ician . Sp an ish L a n g u a g e and rotor onces required Storting salary *4*4 month Reply to E x pre** News Box «xov 

NURSES 
We hay* offices in ovsr 
21S cities and have em- 
C 

 toyed more than 52,ooo ealth care workers in the lost year. We ore the notion's leader because we offer: 
• Competitive wages 
• Interesting assignments 
• Flexible scheduling 
• Supervised working conditions 

Find e out for yourself why we're t t I. Inter­ view now and see if you qualify. 
Many interesting assign­ ments are now avail­ able in staffing home care and private duty. 

 tot o personal 

 interview 
* f j f * call 224-2341 

 h o W nERS 

•qual opportunity employer 

The following jobs have a starting rate with a higher rate after 3 months service: 

Arc W eld er (Grade 4) 

Production A$sem bler I (Grade 4) 

Spray Painter (Grade 4) 

Production A ssem bler ll (Grade 3) 

Punch Press O p erator (Grade 3) 

Production A ssem bler III (Grade 2) 

Laborer (Grade I) 

A pply M onday through Friday, 9 A .M . 
FRIEDRICH 

A Division of W yla in , Inc. 

San A ntonio, Texas 7 82 1 9 

An Equal O p p ortun ity Em ployer (M ale/Fem ale) 

Starting Rats 
After 3 Months 

$ 3 .1 6 
$3.64 

$ 3 .1 6 
$3.64 

$ 3 .1 6 
$3.64 

$ 3 .o 8 
$3.56 

$ 3 .o 8 
$3.56 
$ 2 .9 2 
$3.4o 
$ 2 .8 5 
$3.33 

, 9 A .M . - 3 P .M . 

CO M S T R I ( T i n y SI V E R i j s t e n D EIST T R A I S E E 

E A S T T R A C K TO M A ISA G E M E IST 

$15*ooo P e r Year To Start 

H O M E C R A F T C O R P . w ill tra in an a g g re ssiv e a m b itio u s b e g in n e r in a ll pha ses in re sid e n tia l co n stru ctio n . N o e x p e rie n c e is n e ce ssa ry , ra p id a d ­ van ce m en t b a se d on p e rfo rm a n ce . 
O u ts ta n d in g o p p o rtu n ity fo r a d ­ va n ce m e n t a n d h ig h in co m e fo r h a rd w o rk in g c a p a b le person . S a la ry an d p e rfo rm a n ce re v ie w e v e ry 6 m onths. 

R E Q U IR E M E N T S : 
• 5 y e a rs b u sin ess a n d / o r m ilita ry e x p e rie n ce 
• 6 d a y w o rk w e e k 
• D e g re e no t re q u ire d bu t a n y c o lle g e is a plus. 
• 6 m o nths o r m o re co n stru ctio n e x p e rie n c e m a y q u a lify fo r h ig h er sta rtin g s a la ry 

P ositio n o ffe rs; 
P ro fit sh a rin g , c o m p a n y p a id in su ra n ce p a c k a g e , 2 w e e ks v a ca tio n . lf yo u a re in th e fo rm a tiv e sta g e o f y o u r c a re e r a n d in terested in this g row th p o sitio n . C a ll c o lle c t im m e d ia te ly 

512-34 9 -8 o 5 7 
8 to 6 M o n . thru Fri. o r se n d resu m e to 

P.O. Box 1643 I 
4QMECRAFI 

San Antonio, Tx. 7 8 216 

RN 

R otatin g shift an d fu ll tim e night shift. 

Contact Nursing 
Services. 

SAN ANTONIO 
CHILDREN S CENTER 

2939 W. WOODLAWN 

736-4273 

R N *-LVNs 
ImmcdiotR Openings for 
STAFF RELIEF 
Y o u r Favorite S h ift 
Full o r Part Tim e 
NO FIES! 
IN Q U IR E A B O U T O U R 
EXCLU SIVE IN S T A N T 
P A Y P R O G R A M 
MEDICAL 
PERSONNEL POOL 

2 2 4 - 5 B 8 5 
I O I 9 N . M a in A v e . 

HEALTH PROFESSIONALS 
B re a k yo u r rou tin e, get a n*w perspective on your own career, and p * rtia p t tit* w o rld P e ace 
Corp* ond V ISTA hav* opening* in heoifti program * ovr**a* and in U SA tor EB A N S. AA N u rsin g , physical ltt*rui»i*t». X Ray lech*, lab and m ad tech*, hospital od m inistrator* P . ac* Corp* VISTA p ro v id e v o lu n te e r liv in g o llo w o n c e , t r a n s p o r ta tio n , m edical, other benefit* Pretor no dependent* c a ll B t l 197 5925 . 

_ 
_ 
_ f i x Nursing Supervisor h o i iuT£ 
RN. o il thin*, start new, coll John. 
712 2191, 25o1 West Ava 
Job* North, Inc, Plocem t Svc 
" T W E W e g B W liR W s ------- 
M ature ladle* to care tor the in ­ valid or eld erly. B a rn on e xce l­ le n t s a la ry , p a rt o r fu ll tim e . 
Room and board pout weekly. Ne tee* R N supervision 
P L E A S E C A L L 2242141 
W ork with pride and respect w ork tor Hom em aker* Upiohn an equal nH'artunlfy am p <>••• 

R E G I S T R Y E L I G I B L E T H E R i A P IS T S : R e s p ira to ry T h era p y 
(D e p a rtm e n t. C h a rity H o sp ita l, 
N ew O rle a n s , L o u is ia n a ha* o p e n in g to r r e g is t r y e lig ib le 
T h erap ists C om p etitive sa la ry. 
I Good triage benefit* M any type* lot experience including pediatric 
; and adult intensive care W eekly in s e rv ic e p ro g ra m C a ll (5o4) 
I46-2I97 o r w rit* R e s p ira to ry 
[Th erapy. C h a rity H ospital. 1512 iT u ia n e A ve n u e , N ew O rle a n s, 
- L Quinone 7814o. 
I'M application* now bema taken to fill an Im m ediate opening tor 
D ir e c t e r e t N u rs in g fo r on 
IC F s k ille d n u rsin g Rom e O ur parent com pon y to the industry leader iu b im t resum e to contact 
Adm inistrator. M e m ar KU M edical 
U S Lew is 221 5521 
■ p i m i 

VAN UNIS 
Nos operands tar a few qualifi­ ed tong distance household good haulers 
UOUtfJMINTV 
I. Haw comrotfriol Hawse. 
J. Be able ta qualify with 

TEXAS MUNICIPAL POWER AGENCY 

(A n E q u a l O p p o rtu n ity E m p lo y e r) 

N epd* EN G IN E ER S , M IN IN G & P LA N T S U P E R V IS O R S , L A N D R E S O U R C E M A N A G E ­ 
M EN T P E R S O N N E L, & C O N T R A C T A D M IN IS T R A T O R in con nection w ith a 4 o o m egaw att lignite-fired steam electric gen eratin g station to be constructed near Bryon, 
Texas. The Texas M u n icip al Pow er A g e n cy it a w h o lesale producer o f electric pow er for four Texas cities. W e cue looking for top q u a lity p e o p le d esirin g a career w ith a strong and grow ing ogency. A ssignm ent w ill be to the A g e n c y 's headquarters in the 
P a lla s /F t. W orth are a , unless specified below : 

I. Be over 21 years «M. 
4. Have at least 2 year! eyer the rood experience 

We hay* tractors m al Ut Me for toase-purchose 

C a ll R a y C ro w s* 
SHERWOOD VAN UNIS 

( 5 1 2 ) 3 3 3 - 

• M E C H A N IC A L E N G IN E E R 

• ELECTRICAL E N G IN E E R 

• M I N I N G E N G IN E E R 

• G E N E R A L P L A N T SU PT. 

(plant site) 

• RESID EN T E N G IN E E R 

(plant site) 

• C IV IL E N G I N E E R S 
(one a t p lan t site) 

• C H E M IC A L E N G IN E E R 

• S E N IO R L A N D A G E N T 

• L A N D A G E N T 

• C O N T R A C T S A D M IN IS T R A T O R 

M oil con fidential replies w ith resum e and salary requirem ents to: 
Texas M u n icip al Pow er A g en cy, 7 1 1 1 
Bosque Blvd., W a c o , TX 
7 6 7 ) o ATTN : M arlen e W o o te n , D irector o f Personnel 

Weekends off e xcellen t 5oiory 
Ooh H ills Mad Bldg 494991o 
__^ *!idlca5oentaHEjtra5erv^ 

IVN RELIEF 
7 I and 411 924 8114 

UNS 
F u ll tim * 11-7. with 5 y rs exper- tone*, s* on hour M ercy Hospital 
Pf Jourdanton 424-2744 in Son 
Antonio 
-------------- I I H 
! T A R Y -------------- interesting Mb, type. BH. *55o 
Oak HUI* M ad Bldg 4949918 
M edical Oenla* Erne Serv 
T rrrv a k i p------- 

PRISS OPERATOR 

International 
Petroleum 
Cot. position tacks o qualified m- dwdual to pork nth* Print Shop 
Appetent should hay* at toast one year af expanancs in offset prut ting. Training provided fat A l Oak 
ISOO System. TTO Saner, A l Dkk 
SAO and I TU 11 1/, button! beitohts Contort PhytUs Homer. 
(IIT) I2I-MI4, ext N J 

Tesoro PEtroUum 
Corporation 

An (qual Opportunity tmptoyer 

 to MBB for dr*, ate., exp 
194991# 
OMI MIMS Mod Bldg 494 
M edical-D ental Em p Serv 
"SU B D U A L T g fH 
B y educ or experience ss78 D O E 
OSM HUls Met) Biog *949918 
M«ai( oi Dental k in e Serv 

IVN RELIEF 3*11 
Cal) H i 4481 between *om+pm 
X-RAY TECH S9.9oo 
Registered! Du vs I Raises! 
PA AR S P E R S O N N E L Srv 

DR'S OFFICE i Busy phene! in 

LO VE YO U R JO B! 57oo wark tor super men in pie th nor nixie* al fica CPU H ow l Amt 824*494 New 
Day Perso n n el Cen sits, 981 N E 
Loop 418 
Mew accounts clerk orth exper 
•ink*, 5doy. BAM Banker* Em p 
B v t . ITB# CrpwPbid. MB *111 

Type 45! T u sv phene! in su ran ce 1 
BFC ARB P E R S O N N E L B rr 
28? JOChmn KoMer 
8141291 

MEDICAL-DENTAL 
Bee Sunday's ads. m any labs 
OR F C R B O N N E L 
OSM HUI* Mod B id i *94991o 
M edical D vnio) tm p Ber* 
N u r t . ’s A d t B S F K A p i i tim e private duty *v#mnoa 411. C o li 
433-8919 m orning ar afternoon late_____________ 
C * ii 235-1oo* 

LVNs 
I Immediate openings tor full time j 7 3, 3-11 
We o ffe r co m p e titiv e wage, com pan y paid lite in s u r­ ance. vacations and a pood e n vir­ onm ent tp p ra c tic e g e ria tric * nu rsin g M e m o ria l M e d ica l l l s 
; Lew is 221 BBH 
U f f r i l l L I M ELM B k ------- 
IPS., cpHpcI, salary, SSI). N S 
Ooh HIH* Mod Bldg *94+718 
M ean ai Dental Im p Sorv 
! 
“ U t f t 'W O H T f t f l ' i / r 
Typo. billing, n o t mad esp. 
V ery mtorosttno tab, 1558 + 
Oak HHto Mad B ias 4949918 
M edical Dan*iii Em p S n , 

N U R S E S 
[In d eve lop in g co u n trie s w here germ theory I t p ra c tic a lly un k­ nown, infection rates at alm ost 
; 1o8% level end disease en e v e r­ yday o ccu rre n ce , the co n lrib u 
Iran* of experienced Peace Corps nurses are c ritic a l A t a Peace 
Corps N urse you may be leech m g, w o rk in g in r u r a l c lin ic s , s u p e r v is in g w g rd c a re 
We prevtp* tonuuepe training, volun­ teer Mvme allowance, transperto hen medic ai. other benefits Cell 
511 397 5975, E xt 4, Catted 
■ a u r a r * t m i t e --------- 
New proc tic* super sol for exp, 
Oak HIH* Mira bldg *9o 9918 
M edical Q»niol tm p B try 

R N * 
L Y N * 117 e 411 
E X P E R I E N C E D A I D E S 
Non sm okers Pleat* apply 18-12 
W iling* Manor >248*8* 

 fa n A n t* * ie H e a lth Se 

M W R R M I . . lf? Jackson K eller 
1241192 

 r n 
- m n 
- m i x t 

A ir C enditram ng and R e frig .rd lio n M e ch a n ic. E x p e rie n c e d in residential and sm all com m ercia! , installation*. 441 I JOI Jack Lour- f« 8 C * y » . 
L 
WF fepn-i<i..,n--,e Service M ao ex- penanced ut ch ili water and com ­ m e rc ia l sy ste m s S a la ry epen 
P o i* Vue a lie n , b o n d u cs and lo 1 contra* bena set 341-14*7 

STEEL PIPE 
WELDERS 
FITTERS and 
FITTER HELPERS fat field perk en contracts outside Sen Antonio field pet diem totowonce tar living ex­ pense paid by compony 
€d*Vf UCI J©# ftflpitm# 
Rtfrigtration 
Engine«ring Corp. 

MMI A n to n io , Tx. 
512-624-2336 

NEW HOME WARRANTY 
SERVICE REP. 
$1o,7oo PER YEAR 
P I C S 
T R I C K - TOOLS - UNIFORMS 
H om ecroft C orp. has savors/ open ings fo r in d iv id u a l* skille d in hom e re p a irt. W ill have d ire ct confact w ith hom e ow ners. 

S tarting p a y S d .5 o pe r hour, 4 4 hou r W eek G U A R A N T IE D , tim e a n d h a lf o ver 4 o hours 
BiNCFlTS 
IN C LU D t: 
C om pany p a id insurance p a ck a g e , p a y a n d perform ance review eve ry 6 months, 2 week p a id va ca tio n , plus tools, truck, uniform . 
>o r a liu „ r a // rp //„ , 

5 1 2 — 3 t 9 - 9 l l 2 
O r M a il R r» u m r t a 
©METRAS 
P.O. ROX 16431 
Antonio, Texas 78216 

 t 
INDUSTRIAL 
1 * 
SEWING 
MACHINE 
OPERATORS 
N eeded for both Single ope. die and Double needle sew ­ 

 i n g . 

 tx ce He ut W icking Conditions 

Call Cindy, 
337-711o 

 m w m m 
---------------------- 

BACKHOIOPEHATOS 
■neneed in instailtng sew 
Experienced 
*2)751? 

 nor* Joyce East 
92)4144 
411 BW M ilita ry 
Jabs Beath Placem ent Berviee i ■ tm f m r w r g-T t f & i n u 

SAKERS MANTEO tm e y the b te e tm of leisure tram* in a sm all Iowa Q ualified bakers needed 5gr rapidly expanding bu­ ttons*. appd references needed 
A p p iy W a ln u t ta rin g s E g b e ry , 
B e g u in b a te r* neon o r e f t t r i: B o P . 174 » * 4 
I 
B roach M anager u.»o«u'iui . ilr u c t ie n . w ill be re lo ca te d in i 
Texas M i 629) e xp o n e n t* neecT i 
Bd euro** deer in s ta lle r, c a ll 
455 *821 ar 4554*1} otter Sam or cern* bv MS N We.drier Rd f l f glTiWiYALU*---- 
V IN Y L IN B T A L L E R 

M e ch a n ica lly Inclined, neat op 
• coro n e* , am ay w o rk in g w ith freedom, tor $188 par week 
SS7-EIM 

 w it 
COH 

DRAFTSMAN 
**tw it « (M M V ! 

2 years experien ce w orking with C iv il Engineer in draw mg cub diviner! plats, street piune, sewer plans, etc Beme tree bond draw ing expert enc* and know hew to read contour lines Appiy Personae! Office 

R A V R LLIB O N IN D U ST R IES 
48M F R E D E R IC K S P U R G RO 

I l l s D rive r Trainees W f w k 

Placem ents, in c., 14 N C, 
«|o B um IH E , M M > U 

 rice s 
Leap 

 both p o sitio n s re q u ire 4 y e a rs Need I* to start tra in in g today, e xp e rie n ce . Yep h e a rty w ages, AA ce lh* Kelly f??****.' t?«np*nv benefits Ce* 
923-41*4 
411 BW M ilita ry joes South A lin em en t Bervie* 
E x p e r ie n c e d tup#, flo a t e n d p o in te r A ll en tee M u st have 
•ruck, end b« rlep»ndN>li et den t coil N ertbe a it tf mtders, M t e is i 

 le ct Fate 2242111, Crow n F le e r 
Covering, U IS North O live v ie d Y'BUB WINY AB* 
IN IMI 1Xo8(55 NIXVS 
CAU 225-1*o* 

| | x p e r i« n c * d lo a d B o rin g F e I 
I remen one la b ore rs needed for eulot-town work *548181 r a y g f l t t f C T B 
ITW FT 

L A Y E R S 

 ik d d r toncpd l£*ctoim» stylist tuT new >b8F CRH M4173I 

EXPERIENCED FITTER 
M ust have .in e rra n t* a* a lin e r tor todrai apparel shop. ■ s c ra m benefits, sa la ry open A p p ly in p a rs o n M a n g e r S m a r t Sh op. 
North Star M all f ¥ 7 H T f U 7 i 6 I A n F s T I F f 
B U FE R V IB O R 
AN O 
C R K * 
5)1 7998 k T g i T rt:» lfg 6 - A'U f 6 M 6 f lV g 
EN G IN E A S S E M B L E R 
Cardinal Automotive R ebuiiders 
1151*19 ft ip*r(*nc*d residua Hoi trim car panier, col) 4*4-47ll or M I H S ) 
SsperG m T cd",vt, .hoe .h e el me le i loin >i uiufs a cl na helpers, Tea 
“ UU.* ones benefit* Cpu 2248*55 
4 * 4 k k Ju d iT R if i i I* male*1 c u t lorn mode thirl*. <143518________ mTirfm'-------- 

Construction 

Workers 

Needed 

Bock hoe, f i on? end Saudi! 

 o p e io lo r, oud pips layer, 

♦ or out of town work iii 

R ockdale u 'e u 

684-74oo 

758o Grisson Rd. 

 q ^ q m m B m m i* 
EXP. SHEET VINYL 
ANO HIE INSTALLERS 
Must have own loon t r a n s p o r t a t io n 
C t NTR AC PLO O R C O VfcK iN O 
98IO B o il 51 
SC I U S I 
F O tto r V T lo u ie i f A U T c T S T i.M A N iC , lot «iqn ana d o n ,.v in 
( O I S p i v i n o b i , t o , o i o OOO [ ) „ , 
.un Cl,! SCS 5s*i______ 

HEIER SEAMSIRESS k. . p c r i e n t c d la d i e s a p p u i t i 
I , t e ll* r n b e n e f it ! 
A p p l y in p e i s o n 
M a n g e r im u rt Shop 
North S lu r 
M o ll n r e w r m 
': tru c k j , i y . f >. 
•• a n e * traito r dum p. o n ly aspet- 
L o n d tc e p * C t .. 18*11 ranc*dn*pdPRpfy *51+8*1 
Npcagdoctra* R d _______________ 

Huil< dr is s e i wunled af W ." A ie l 
+CACI YOU* WANI *o 
H air Pashwns. 8544 Janes M alts in im i tx e e is s NI WB 
I berger, M 41*5i i 
CAU 3)5 i*ee 

BENCH / 
TECHNICIAN 

Hav# opening for e x­ perienced 
TV bench technician 
Salary open to qua lifie d per­ son. 
Excellent com ­ pony benefits. 
Call 734-44o3 

REAVY MTY MECHANICS 
Experienced needed im m cdtai* iv M ony com pany lr rag* b enetil. w 
^®«F'V *•• person only W « n rm * 
Doss Equip Corp 11144 IH I) North et wrapper Rd I qual Opportunity 
R matey or 
" fr n w m r r o m 
— 
M E C H A N IC e re te rra b iy with exp erien ce en e n g in e * a n a tra n s m is s io n s . 
: products ore Cos*, GratraM, E lg in 
Ona ir e s COH Deep 92) 4151 

IR9N WORKER WELDERS for p re ca st coner*!* and *»*•! 
(•[♦Oran Experrancud only apply 
*19 N u gqiilet 
_______ 
Journeyman fto clricieo tor com” mer cie! work Appiy al Coleman 
E le c tric Ce 187 land# Bt. New 
Braunteto, 1+15-841) 
Ignace ope C r* w m o T T S e iiiT T . p Km I tra s s and shrubs Ferm on 

 and 

Lone Star VOLKSWAGEN1 

3 3 o 3 Broadway - 824.7311 

NORTH LOOP VW— SUBARU 

4 6 3 3 f r . d . r „ h s b w r M t o a d a 7 3 2 7 I 3 3 

A f r e t ) ( r a m W o n d e r ( e n d M a l l 

A l i n e s 
$ 

O d a y s 

A i l e r n 
J 
L 
J 
L 
A 
2 
2 
5 
* 
I O 
O 
O 
QUICK RESULTS! 

NON COMMERCIAL! 
CANCELLABLE 
WITHOUT 
BATI CHANGE 

San Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS—-Munday February 2o I 9 7 7 

A UTO M O TIVE 
} r ^ n r7o2 726 mmSPoRTSCARS~ m m SPOBTSMRS~ 

616 
FOQD-ORIIIIK SERVICES 

LARGE NATIONAL COMPANY NEEDS FULL AND PART TIME 
CAFETERIA HELP WITH EXPERIENCE: 

• Cashiers 
• Cooks A Helpers 
• Cooks 
* Also Experienced 
Cafeteria Manager 
FRINGS BENEFITS 
Please furnish resume and apply at: 
SERVOMOTION 
3 4 1 o STEEN 
M o n d a y - Frid ay, b e tw e e n 8 a .m . an d i p .m . 
2 2 7 - 6 1 o 6 

WANTED: TW O 
J 
EXPERIENCED MECHANICS J 

• Must have experience in autom atic I transmission and line w o rk 
1 e Vacation 
I 
• e Group Insurance e Pension Fund 
I 
APPLY TO: 
MELVIN CAMPBELL 
SMITH CHEVROLET 
2 33-4281 

O 
O 
O 
O 
O 
Q 
O 
O 
O 
O 
O q O 
O 
O 
O 
O 
O 
Q l 

LARGEST SELECTION OF 
NEW & USED VOLKSWAGENS 
A HONDAS IN SAN ANTONIO 
* * * U H D CAR SPECIALS*** l l MONTH ae 12*ooo MOI MICH AIMC Al INSU* AHU AVAIL 
ABU ON MOST UUD CARS ROM MOTORS INSU* ANC I CORP. 

7o2 7^6 - FDREJ6MSPoBTSCARS 
WANTED 
RIDE OPERATORS 
16 Years A O lder 
Apply In Person 

No Phone Calls, Please 
PLAYLAND PARK 
2 2 2 2 N. ALAMO 

Why drive an economy car that looks like a closed little box? 
Drive the wide-open 

MA Midget Special 
* 5 7 2 5 

‘ 6 1 5 o 

‘ 5 4 9 5 

‘ 3 8 5 o 

* 4 o 9 5 

‘ 2 7 9 5 

‘ 2 8 9 5 

62o 
- 
Miscellaneous 
“Work With A Growing Company” 

• Permanent 
• Better Pay 
• Benefits 

• DIESEL MECHANIC (EXP.) 

• ELECTRICIAN 

• ELECTRICIAN TRAINEE 

 apply 8-11 a.m . daily 
McDonough Bros., Inc. 

8 miles past Wonderland on IH1o exit at Beckman 

 e q u a l o p p o rtu n ity e m p lo y e r 

EXTRA CASH 
FRONTIER 
ENTERPRISES 

Dinn«r-Hous« division is accepting applications tor: 
Busboys 
Busgirls 
Woitors 
Waitresses 
Hosts 
Hostesses 
Apply in parson 
Monday ■ friday 8 o rn, • 4 3o p rn. 
852o CROWN HIU BLVD. 

$ 2 o o . to $ 2 5 o . per month. Deliver Morning Ex­ press Routes 2 hrs. each morning. Coliseum Park 
- East San Antonio Area. 

F o r In fo rm a tio n C all 

W it h t h e s e e x t r a s F R E E . 
FREE: AM/FM radio. FREE: Wheel trim rims. 
FREE: Luggage rack. FREE: Special striping. 

Now. tor a limited time only, the MG Midgot 
Special comes with these free ex- i tras. Plus all the fun of driving a lean, j responsive wide-open sports car. I A m u 
MG Midget. The lowest-priced true sports car is even a better value now. > *vi 

Plus W e e k-ends 

 a fter 5:oo P.M . 6 5 5 - 9 4 8 5 

An Equal O pportunity Employer 
Salary plus commission 

WANTED NOW 
BARTENDRESSES 
WAITRESSES e Top Salary e Guaranteed raises e Paid Vacation 
Cabaret 
552o SW Military 
Call Tom. 674-7411 
Equal Opportunity Employer 

UNEMPLOYED? W HY? 

P A R H M !, Industrial D ivision, o ffe rs d a ily w o rk fo r d ep e n d ab le p e o p le w ith tra n s p o rta tio n , lf yo u a re b e tw e e n jobs, in school, re tire d , PARTIME can h elp y o u r incom e g ro w . 

N e e d drivers, p ain ters , w a re h o u s e and m a in ­ tenance w o rkers, w a ite rs an d w a itre s se s , security guards. ALL SHIFTS AVAILABLE. 

O n ly those in tere s te d in w o rk in g n e e d a p p ly! 

Work with boys selling newspapers. 

For appointment call: 

Raul M oreno 

2 2 5 - 7 2 1 1 e x t. H O 

An equal opportunity employer 

1 Cxciud«f Tor, Title & license. 
NEW ARMY RESERVE UNIT 
34oTH SUPPLY & SERVICE CO. 

Learn a skill and get paid while you learn 

Part of what you earn is pride 

The Army Reserve is looking for men and women 

 to fill vacancies. To find out how you 

 can join, call 922-632o or 922-6329, USARC, 

432 Boswell St. Near Sears South Side. 

• THE H U B O F S P O R T S C A R A C T IV IT Y 
1 8 3 o B R O A D W A Y 
222 

CHOICE RENTALS 

2435 SPIN WHYE 3 I CF, $16o mo.. Stove, tented yard. corner lot, 6 month lease 

126 DARTMOOR 4 2-2, $3oo mo. Centred cir-heat, range, refrigerator, gorboae disposal, vent o hood, fence, full carpet 2- story with glassed-in patio. Va­ cant approx. 2 weeks 

1319 LONGMONT 3 2 2, $25o mo, Central air heat, range, refrigerator, dishwasher, garbage disposal, full carpet, fire alarm. 
Frivocy fence, covered patio 

2o6 
MEADOW 
GUN 3 2 2, 
$295 mo. (antral air-heat, doobit- oven, dishwasher, garage disposal, carpet 

673 So83 
342-411S 
653 o57o 
W O RLD W IDE REALTY 

THE QUALITY TEMPORARY HELP SERVICE 

7 2 9 East H ouston S tre e t 

Must be reliable. 

Apply In Person at 
International 
House of Pancakes 

1 2 2 7 NE Loop 4 1 o A 
7 3 2 7 San P edro 

R E F R IG E R A T IO N A IR Condi­ tion ing 
R e p a ir 
. 
S e rv ic e to m 4: JOpm top positio n 
Koelwhit A ir Conditioning 3S1o 
Copeland 322-o384______________ 

M a in ten an ce m on w ith la rg e apartm ent complex. Plum bing, electrical and heating experience es s e n tia l. 
Lo c al re fe re n c e s required. Apl turn. 
Apply 
IU 
Vonderheck____________________ 
Manager Trainee $6oo start, col- lection experience required, call 
Joe 732 2191, 25o1 West Ave 
Jobs North, Inc, Plocemt Svc 

SHIPPING & RECEIVING I 
MANAGER FOR URGE 
BUIIDER-DEVEIOPER 

K now ledge o f building m aterials a n d /o r lumber yard exp. essential. 

[For appt, call Tom Hon] 

MEN OR WOMEN 
TALK ON THE PHONE 
It ou are m ature, self-confident and willing to follow simple in­ structions, we have an unusual opportunity tor you Coll Gary or 
Laura 149-4847_________________ 

Call John Hampton 
923-4366 
413 SW Military 
Jobs South Placement Service 
SEAMSTRESS for boutique, ex- perience in all types women wear. 
Coll for appointm ent, 49o-7o45, 
Chic Chic Boutique. 374S Colony 
Dr 
SERVICE MAN FOR PEST CON 
TROL ROUTE, salary paid while learnin g, good w orking condi­ tions, many compony benefits, life insurance hospitolliation Apply 
Get! Exterminators Inc. 122B w 
Rhapsody.______________________ 

MAN OR WOMAN 
NEEDED 
To »«rye sandwiches 
A p ply In Person 
Coney Island 
Sandwich Shop 
225 N. St. Mary's 
Apply in Farson Only 
To DON HUDSPETH 
N o Phone Calls Please! 

B obys7Tr»^o^^K TI3renTT!eR T h o u sekeep in g . 
5 day w eek lo o m 5:3o pm 
On bus lin e . 
References 344o368 
________ tiobysitter to live in, room and b o a rd S2o p er w eek 924 5748 
Babysitter prefer mature lady, 5 days, tO am -fp m R e feren ces 
Own transportation. 69M 2Io 

MAN FOR yard maintenance, oc­ casional painting, pool cleaning etc. Apply in person. The Terrace 
House Apts SOI Gentleman Rd. 

 a H IH H IH IIIIIIIIIIIIIIItllllllllH llin *: 

I 
QUALIFIED 
SECURITY 
GUARD 

H a Day Shift 

E 
• Experience or technical i 
— trainin g required. 

| 
APPLY IN PtRSON AT 
= 
6818 S. Zanomora 
| 

E 
[qual Opportunity Implorer 
E 

 n iH iiiiiiiH iiiiiin im m m m iH iiiir: 

 w 
‘3,679 

D E L IV E R E D 
VOLKSWAGENS 

SK ILLED 4 UN SKILLED 
Needed to start work immediately wi’h aero-hydro systems. Flexible hours m ay be a rra n g e d to r students Call 342 5226 
TOP RENTALS 
Adorable brxk Townhouse with built in kitchen Only $165 per month. We |ust got iff Better hur­ ry, this one won t last* 
8 2 8 -6 3 9 1 , ANYTIM E 

 c o re of c h ild re n needed immediately■ Prefer person with car 633 21o8 tiO U S t K E E P f B T H le house keeping, 5 doe week Coll 349 7 31 
I adv to llve-friV core tor elderly, light housekeeping. 
$5o week. 
W - t t l l 
Lode to live In, help with children, drive. 
Spanish or English, 
824-446o 
Lv/N needed Live-in for elderly couple, lite nursing and house keeping tasks tar elderly couple 
Tronsp and re fs required. SISO per week 826 6524 eves kAAID. port time. 4 days a week, 
14 a .r n .4 p m , g e n e ra l house deaning, Cash* Hills Estate near 
C entral F o rk Call 341-o4o7 or 
341 $89o or 224-4479 
M otel Dom estic Help w onted, maid must be English ond Span ish speaking, apply at 1124 B ; 
Elm ira. Elm ira Motel, no phone calls. 
Need Companion tor elderly lady, light cooking, live In. references. 
826-7oo5 from 9 until Sp rn 
To F T X l a r 7"T a der noons,'gen oral housework ond child car*. 
Hood cor and references. Call I 
735-6164 or 341-8226______________ 
W AW YeB housekeeper, u n ix cumbered 5o-6o years, no smoker or drinker tor single gentleman in country home Write O Conning, 
Stor Route, Box JI Ingram , Tx I 
78o15. Phlone I 367 5o43 
Wanted Matronly woman, age 4o J or above, to care tor 4 children and do lite housework in Horn* side home Trans req 4S4-2I13 att 
B W ______ _________ 

MECHANICS. John Hampton 
923 4366 
413 SW Military 
Jobs South Placement Service 
SEWING 
M ACHINE 
OPERATORS 
Experienced Only 
Rodio Cop Co, 3lt Third St 

Small concrete products man for precast yard. Exp and dependa­ ble only. Mold repair helpful Coll 
J M B 492 1o57 

Experience only, permanent work, excellent salary 
Park Motel 
626-4925 
You Ii find o good selection of all mokes ond modols of 
Volkswagens, subject to supply, at the lowest prices in 
Iow a On o now or used VW, see us first And romembor, oil now Voikswogons ort furl injected ond givo great gasoline milroge on regular gas. 

SAN ANTONIO S LARGEST VW-HONDA DEALER 
MISSION 
VOLKSWAGEN/HONDA 

I M O S X M i r n y Dr. 
M 4 - M I 1 

Needs ladies to wear and sell bo rah Coventry Jewelry, no invest­ ment, car necessary. 
822-1 SIS. 
656-4125 
PAAT TIM E CASHIERS S2 id an hr. 6pm-12pm, 2o-3o hrs. a week. 
No exp. necessa Min. ope It. Ap­ ply in person. 9-3. Mon F rl; Stop 
'N Go Markets, 2o4 E. Rhapsody. 

 de amie Owens 
CO.-REALTORS 
K L LOOF OFC 

JIM S COFFEE 
SHOP 

Now accepting applications 

 for Waitresses, P.M. Shift. 
Apply between 2:3o and 4.-oo in person ta the manager. 

3 5 ) H ild eb ran d and 

San Pedro 

Need a lob? Want something solid with a ,future? Coll Professional 
John Hampton 
923 4366 
413 SW Military 
Jobs South Placement Service 
W A N TE D 
Experienced Truck 
Mechanic. Apply in Person, 26o 
New Laredo H w y_______________ 
■VANTE 6 "' w i d e n 11 a I air condi­ tio n in g s e rv ic e m ecbn onic- 
Steadv 52 week year round work. 
Good fringe benefits. Excellent opportunity with good fu tu re . 
Servicing I mater brand of equip­ ment tor established company 
Must be qualified to service cen­ tral air conditioning units. 
341-7141.________________________ 

L E A D IN G R E S ID E N T IA L 
B U IL D E R has Im m e d ia te openings tor e x p e rie n c e d 
DU M P TRUCK ond FRONT 
E N D 
L O A D E R 
O P E R A ­ 
TORS. Salary commensurate with experience. Call after 6 p.rn . 648-2669 

! 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
DRIVERS 
• 
• 
WANTED 
• w 
Port time or 
46 
RR full time 
o 
o 
Day or Night 
o 
o Checker Cab Co. o 
o 
1o1o W. laurel 
^ 

< 
2 2 2 - 2 1 5 1 e e e e e e l 

 for M r. Owtk Convenient Stores 
Fr. S t, Sat 3:3o-11. Sun J 3o11, 
543-7o per week Polygraph exam re q u ire d 
A p ply in person of 
Don's 4 Ben s 6oo3 West Av*, at 
Loop 41o, ask for Wayne Wyatt. 
M ilitary and touege welcome 

PA R TTIM E uoie Attendant. Ap­ plicants should have previous ca­ shier expereince. Able to deal well with public The Old Spanish 
Missions S32-3I34, loam 6pm 
5 o M P G 

* 2 , 9 9 9 * 

L e tte r Press or bm oil O ffset 
Operator for print shop E xcellent pay ond fringe benefits. 224 E 
Rhapsody______________________ 
1 oca: printing co needs on exper­ ienced o p e ra to r to r the Rolls 
Rovee of the type setting m a­ chines. The AM Compset SIO. 
Must hove some knowledge of graphics orts. Send resume to P 
O BOX 4561 E X P R E S S NEW S 
SAN ANTONIO. TX 78297. All In- quires Confidential 
S3 SO Machinist SS 5o 
Need 4 today! Trainee S, Exper 
SS Ike Kelly 
923-4366 
413 SW Military 
Jobs South Placement Service 
2 Maintenance Persons ni-eiii-<L 
Apply in person 11315 N. Weidner 
Rd 
______________________ 

JACK IN THE BOX 
Hgs part time positions available days or nights 
• $2.3o an hour 

Want m oture bord w orking In- dividual. Neat appearance, must meet people well Incentive pion, 
4o hour week, 3 evenings Olan 
Mills Portrait Studio. Call 828-4173 tor opp! se'm 
'W " E ftitjY £ ftr ,w a ;a , Aa experience necessary. Insurance benefits. 349 2531 
Shall lee Natural Vitamins, spore time sales business. 684-454o 

A ttra c tiv e C o c k ta il w a itre s s wanted N ight w ork. Apply In person at the Village Inn. Number 
9 Winding Way. 

 p T r m a i D w an ted , e x tre m e northside. nights and weekends available Call Pot West 684-1644 or 492 9o28 h fe A tv M f A feitA U R A 'WY— 
E X P E R IE N C E D BUS BOYS 
AND DISHWASHERS 
MORNING SHIFT 
Apply in person (IO Austin Hwy fc H te r kuchen manager, lur ex elusive retirem ent center, good pay, send resume to Box No 4544 
E sprats News 78297____________ 

COUPLE, semi-retired, no smell children, to cook, serve ond care tor private recreation tocllltiy. 
Full time lob tor both husband and wife. Housing and utilities furnished Salary and benefits hosed on qualifications. Send re­ sum e w ith w ork h is to ry to 
P O Box 27ST, Abilene.Tx 796o4 
Cia Fi e l d s for USO e uropean tour Call 653oo71 b c L .V E R lE s . Have port lim e evening openings, no experience necessary, knowledge of metro area, will train, must have own transportation, apply in person, 
2oo1 Son Pedro. Boom 8. 

• Fold vocation 
• Mont gay increases f 

Apply in person 4 4 Arn, of f 
1o72 tai Booker Rd, Universal 
J 
City 

No Phono (alls Please t fqual Opportunity Employer 
* 
Energetic moture responsible • self-starter umontfy employed, desires Administrative position 
Twenty years SUCCBSHJl Cl 
Pit! ERLE ut Personnel Admirers trotter). Orgomiahon Admrmstro hon, 5ttufi.it) and life Insurance 
Seiling Significant professional ifyii"! , » 
«i*!>y»oblt and ere! educated Ability to communicate we! with all levels af organua 

For backhoes, dump trucks, var 
■ous lite construction equipment 
341-8291________________________ 
4o hour week, must be o b i* to climb heights A poly 3714 N Pan 
Am E »!><•» between 9om 4pm 
S T U D e'n t T needed to te ll flowers SITS hr or commission. 
Coll 699-o281 
Texaco tru ck Stop cashier fuel best to-hove relief shirt, 3 days. I evenings perm anent lo b * day week mature-retorencet-start 
S414 per mo All Applications to 
A J Plocb Oil Ca , lac. S747 Die­ trich Or. 4-Sam daily to r inter- 
View No phone calls please i R a .NT £ tor'assem bly work". 
Mechanical background helpful. 
Must be e* im-ratable 
SEOL AM BRASS BEDS 
824-3914 artar to am 
Troin*#* 
Nead 4 now. na axp nae assary 
924-4481 United Porsanaal Con vu.tunis 666-C S W (Military O r fY is (S Y - f « r o n r o c T r r a t r ia f pharm acy. Bilingual preferred. 
Moture. drcM-ndaMa. references 
532 6368, interview by appt 
Wankel: Bad guiTor.si for o rig in al m aterial Offbeat funky rock 
Must have catchy rhythm and partem leads Serious Inquiries only 433-4763_________________ 

NEED 
EXPERIENCED 
BUFFET AND 
COOK 
CALL from 2 -4 only fo r Appt. 
7 3 2 - 7 o 2 5 

E xperienced 
For new French styla restau ran t Call 826 5583 between tO-4 3o, Mo Ftt. 
(idGH, Broiler Mon. must be tost, apply 8-1o a rn toiv NE Loop 41o, coll 836-4381.__________________ _ 

Top Pay to good mechanics ex­ perienced with forklifts and trucks 
BRAUBACH EQ UIPM EN T CO. 
162o W Poplar, 736-1659 

Earn While you learn . wear the latest ladies fashions while con ducting in home fashion shows 
Cor necessary. 214 Call 224-23o3 tor more intot motion 
Experienced m ature apt man- oger needed tor out at town com pfax Resume requested 
APARTM ENTS JOB OF S A. 
828-9196 
Employment Consultants r * > ' E R iL U £ g b — r A N iT g f 
(non-smoker) apply 1o-12 Hillside 
M odoc 828-o6o6_______ 

H O N D A C Y C C 
DINNER COOK 
MALE or FEMALE 
B e g in n ers or p ro s! Need IO today' More exp • more money I 
A-f-co-f future Ike Kelly 
923 4366 
411 SW Military 
Jobs South Placement Service 
Need- ii .xuerienced draftsman, coll Windsor Homes Inc 684-542o 
NTJd'Jood experienced gasoline and diesel truck mechanic Even mg shirt, good pay and frin g e benefits. Must apply in person, 
74SO Roosevelt, 9 a m - I'M p m , 
Mon.-Frl. 
Equal 
Opportunity 
Employer 
— 
P X R T f T B D R T i r s n — 
Must hove I yrs exp 653-93oo 

 requetmenti 
Noose cai (SII) 124TIM 
(answering eorvtcn) ae write FA. la x 32449 wemmOmmllm 

Honda is th * car and Mission is th# plait, lf you wont a lino, comfortable oconomy cor, Hondo is for you And tho bast pries ond torvwo h at Mission Drive out soon. 
•PLUS $2oo WEIGHT 

SAN ANTONIO S LARGEST VW-HONDA DUHR 
MISSION 

HONDA/VOLKSWAGEN 
1)oo S.W Military Dr. 
924-6516 

144o SW Military c o o ly in o o rso n 9o m -11o m o r c a ll m -9 1 4 1 
Doorman kfui {racker Club 
7121 Son Pedro 
Apply I ) Man Frl 
Miring immediately? cot .ii toil woi tresses, goad bose+tips. Apply in person at Danny's. 172o N Main 
Ava. 
Hiring imrrad.ately, experienced mixed drink bartender Apply in person at Danny's. 172o N. Main 
Ave 
N e t 6 tfe V fH A L A i i i M i r V 
C A R P E N T E R S FOR TR U SS 
ANO C O M P O N E N T S 
Geo C 
Vaughan A Sans 1o84o Sentinel 
(la s t s tre e t en rig h t side of 
Broadway North)_______________ 

 core tor elderly lady near St Lea's 
Church. Aim. Angia, 922-9477 rHTn>7 o i m my bom# NE: area. I m wk days i n . wk. Fen. yard 684-624o 
E v ild o er#,’ my kam e, SS are a 
Monday Friday 924 5336 
^hiid toro non htlde, woo* tiu> * infants to 3 years 494-1984 r w r il im if t v o u n g Lady de sires permanent work as ratep 
M onist 
P re fe rs Or % o ffic e 
North side Cen type 733 1488 
Experienced Route Serviceman with Von truck wishes part time 
Bouto wark 65V M I9 f'X P Nurse's Alda wants care (Cr elderly day ar night 
Ref. CRU 
224-1197 
* 6<5o Service Super VDC- dr* .T i position in nursing heme W rit# 
P O Box 28243.________ 

3 8 3 4 fre d e ric k shot y Rd. 
7 3 6 -4 4 7 1 
Cosmetics g o rf tim e available. 
M ollify woman only Coll 3441891 
IX F fR IIN C ID 
DINNER- 
WAITRESS-WAITER 

G o o d jo b 

H o s p ita liz a tio n 

Apply in Person 
NAPLES 
RESTAURANT 
2 3 1 o B ro ad w ay 
(Clooe d M o -» fa y e ) 

7o1 MfllQIKS CIB.11C J ORS 
TueSTeeSnJreT. 
Isl $4oo 227-8781, 333-9899 m r m v i b l i r u -ozr, , ( w restored ta shaw roam condition 
545o8 Serious in q u irie s only. 
341-2934. arter 4 pm t i Chevrolet, IB M ar wHl can sider trode. 474 7142 before SPM 
-sj e u i w t .ia ; r ~ aT ^ ,n7 ~ K ;;i 
SIY IL. "Mi I ii r6T ~ ? m r w g i m e l " ) ar : hoi ail.a. auto . air, pawer excel kent condition $7M 475-17)9. 
T T CTto7- m " c u '- '& lo c t bkck els. chrome reverse ail preund. 
I sad tufty syndic untied. 674-6248 ar 473-2781 after 4 
I is C h aw . MI cu ", brack b e c T 
I eft. chrome reverse alt around, le a d fully synchronized, 4744248 or 423-2781 arter « 
W bodge Pickup I anon yeiiew. o rig in a l m a la r, tran sm issio n . 
I chrome ravers# wheels running ems, na. 8X^884_______ 
H id 4 door Lincoln (onlinenldT, all pawer, shaw roam condition., vary tow mitoppe Only seriaut' inquires pre invited 342 SMS i b i L i t 1 6k i.---------- 
47 BLDORADO While, rad inter tor, toed condition $299 5 494 3491 iTn r a g r 
» ,c aig k)' gindii.on rn 
■ ^ m U>C1 ***** * * , t l * f 4 U 7*41 
Its# m u u s L A Caupo Bnpina 
I restored, extra coupe body wth 
Mumble Veff. O ii.c n clinty. Many extra p arti 
S2S8o 
Dot 
Rte 
! I 2 9 8 iil7 rfrM 6 6 8 L A j S Window coupe, rum ble spat. ae reed rendlhaa. 88 points ♦ cor. 

, W T C b v w S n T 'V f i 
J.r n 
51588 
CALL 
684 7872 
WH— x v a & j r u 
U S T , 
• xceheni 
CenOrtton. 61488 mt 3334274 i T T f f M t f r i s r Irons SI56 
633-si is peps, week ends_________ 

1976 MAZDA 
RX4. 3 LEFT 
IN STOCK... 
NEW AND DEMO 
$5oo 
CASH 
REBATE 

• SOW MAYI BALANI) OF 
24 MONTHS—25,ooo MIU 
TRU FOR AU ‘ 

Knowiedse of comers, protectors, dark room equipment, accessories 
SPEARS PERSONNEL Srv 
7o7 Jackson Keller 
878 1292 
Our company is saekina o par. titular type ut person Applicant should be at toast 3o years af apa, neat in appearance and willing ta wark 518,o894. By Appt only. 
Coll S34-829S 
PUNT MAINTENANCE 
Established, flexion) packaging in rn. p rin te r, la m in a to r, bag m tgurtr needs on exo- production machinery mechanic. Electronic equip and lothe exp. desirable 
Local referen ces, perm onent, company benefits, salary open. 
Coll Bom lpm 222-9688 
Position Available 
SOUTHWEST TEXAS 
STATE U N IV ER SITY 
PLUM BER I 
Must hove a working knowledge of plumbing repairs and utility distribution Responsible to the 
Supervisor al Utilities tor assien- ment of duties and supervision 
DUTIES, t 
Maintain interior plumbing systems 
2 
Repair of utility distribution systems. 
J Use mechanical sewer auger. 
4 Rough in new insinuation 
5 other duties os assigned 
EX P E R IE N C E 
Thiee ( ll years p lu m b in g e x p e rie n c e 
A p ply before 5 p m. February 78, 1977. 
Personnel Office, 
Southwest Texas 
State University, 
Room 288. 
Library Adm Building. 
Son Marcos. Texas 345 2211, 
SWT SU Is on affirm ative action, equal oot«iio.i<!» em Plover 
6 u o lliie d Jo u rn e y m a n U T T tricorns needed, top wages tor the right people Cat! 144 3483_______ 

Steady EmplovWeht, 52 an hour start 5)3 8881 
Help W onied't ra vel' ll 4 A Circus 
Vargus, 231o S W M ilitary Dr. 
South Pork Mall. Ask tor Prank 
Pooler, Apply Feb 1821________ 

T ire changer. Full tim e w erk, must have own transeortotion, and neat egpeoronce 6811 SM 
Wont Husky l.ocal P a rt ar full lime College Student truck driver 
Commercial license, fro SmeBlaa. 
Good Pay. FIS H E R 'S , USO NE 
LoogOtO 
Want maid with work exper ieee# for Coto Miph School, food wark. mg conditions C all M r. Oavts 
834 7536 tor appt 
Warehouse. 53 IO an hour, m a tor company with benefits, Peed 4 now, call Cindy 713-2191, ISO I 
West Ave 
Jobs North, inc, Plocemt Svc 
W a r e h O UST A l 1K 6N 
G ENERAL M AINTRNANCE 
APPLY IN PERSON 
:_______ HOI BROADWAY 

E xperien codTF or new French 
Style Restaurant Coll 824558) between 184 3* Mon Fri 
WAITRESS Bom 2pm, must i p m V some Spanish. El Jocalito Bes tour ant 144 N WW White Rd 
W aitress and b arten d e rs , full lime, too pay. Southside's nicest 
CRR), 923-977o 
W aitress JVonied 
T h u rs d a y . 
Friday ond Solurdav at The Got den Stallion SOO Ackerman Rd 
661 44)1.______ 

COME SIE ONE OF 
THE FASTEST SELLING IMPORTS!! 

1 9 7 7 S U B A R U 
STANDARD MoDIL STILL AT ICoNoMY PRICES 

* 3 , 1 6 4 . 9 5 * 

GREATER SA VIN G S O N ALL N E W 
1 9 7 6 SUBARUS & D EM O S IN STOCK. 
• 2 MONTH UNllMIUD Milt AGI WARRANTY 
FIGS TAX, UTU ANO LKlNSi 

H O U S E W IV E S : W ork in your own neighborhood, full or part 
BPO. SIE M M , 
Housewives or anyone with legi bl# handwriting to address cards 
C a ll M rs Mc G ra th betw een 
1oam sam 8288781 
— T T ooo lo a n n <?HW t 
~ 
Qualify now. earn and learn 
GO ARMY 223 >813 or 413-o84? 

344-8214 
Our newly remodeled Proud Bull 
Restaurant now hiring 
E X P E R IE N C E D ONLY 
COOKS 
WAITRESSES 
BUS BOYS 
DISHWASHERS 
Interview 4om-4 3opm Mon-Fri 
TRAVEL LODGE 
188 VILLITA 
Also need motel MAIDS 
P o rt tim # 
W a itre s s app ly 
Sammy s Honan Room HIO Aus tin Hwy 
I -VT* A f f t R s ^ H B W f B S V r 
Must be neat end coneemal with public, apply at Personnel Office, 
Lo Mansion Hotel. IU CoUepe St 
R fe iiT A u f)A H r“ ------ BfI R I S ! * 
TR AINEE 
Some ranee# and restaurant om- penenca preferred. Apply to per- san tor interview to the Stockman 
Restaurant Carp., 484 S. Com ­ merce i t between to e m and I p m Ask tor Mr Bepart 
W .i.'et. extra incanse U fo rnonH-. up. Perm anent, in pood hearth tom lpm off Sun Rea's BRQ 1o18 
S WW White Rd 
___________ _ 

T E A R O O M M A N A G E R 
Need experienced mon a fe r tor grow ing tearo o m business 
US IM I between 4 a m i p m ., 
Monday Friday___________ 

I care for ii- ’O 'in in my heave. I 
Day, week or month Near NW Clr and Wonderland 
Mrs 
Duncan, > 
734 299o 
T S I Y Y A H Y iB ' 
Sn K o rm or 
Ranch Grew up en a term Sin tie, ane 47, speak G erm an and ne mb Write Express Box 74U i a O y w ant) J days work, V-1. 
CPT. CaM 223 5438 
Lodv w ants days w o rk . C o li 
828 2427 or 828 5148 g i r t - F ie s e n tirr m p Io y .tr "as 
Wholesale Credit and CoUeclion 
Office Mona .e t de Sir et same si-1 tuehon with other him 534 8823 g i l l de st i e I even.lie „ u,k setonu Cob 632 2714 
“ ••B B B IgA L i f T T l l T U A N t 
Cenvalescent 
Elderly 
• I 

S m t Au rn on wonts work, hat frpaiaertabon 7)8 /iq s 
WM^wSSo- .ll Jo flour let Mr 4. frefer Older respectubie parse* p e cia lu in g ie C adillac Hmeu- stnas. U W A N ________ 
P re fe s s ie n a f 
M e cha n ical 
Estim aim e. an types wealth ea perience Work rn office or beme 
WW Hovel qui of town 4118211 
Yyeisl eAice or my (tome, Me.'iHV by lpm 4 tf M u 
WN^BTsaspA sets 4 / keeks in my town 18 yrs n y 741 4521 
WItM lA^HNUESE 
N I SINO A FRIEND 
Our home hegHh aides. BNS end 
LVNs pre se tend to none rn lf pm mg end experience Just as ran e»> tam is th# attitude et each 
M p p nurse. We are a epftoepl nursing sere tee, M oored, fully 

JOBS! AGE 18UP! 
SI 38 on b r1 Will ti amt Work now! 
Joann 8248227 Jab Placements 
Employment Sec 5316 Sow Pedro 

KELLY 
LIGHT INDUSTRIAL 
Same experience! t i 54 an hr up! 
Joann (34 i i 27 Jab Ptacemanfs 
Employ mem 5 *r 5316 Son Pedro 

WR Are Optsruny Ne w ,'uiJm 
We aped managers) inter viewers supervisors, receg lieatsl, tele shone operators end dance la siructeri PW! and part tune Na experience necessary. Apply to person I Ite m F re d A s ta ire 
Donee n u d ie 1847 Fred e ricks- burg Rd 7)81881 ______________ 

T p p B S T O n s ^ io w T e ln ^ a ^ school but d riv e rs Oood sag- pie mem tor refired portent Cali 

U R community security guard, mature, retired with m ilitary ar law enforcement experience 

, j,.„ cscerts needed 
144 IH I, 3441175________ 

TOM BENSON 
IMPORH, INC 
9 SOO SAN Pf ORO 
341*1356 

CALL OR C O M I IN 

Production workers! Supervise* 
SPEARS PERSONNEL Srv 
287 Jackson Keller 
828 1 292 
R a d I6 i HL t a l l ^A and A lk 
C O NDITIO NING installer, exper tented, needed of one al the fac­ ies I growing businesses in Sun 
Antonio, excellent pay and ben whit, coll 7345317_____________ 
'n I ' df V I AYT'6'ITXT 
VE Hi f i n 
M EC H AN IC , experienced rn ail phases el Bv repair and service including retrmerutmn hoi water heaters, healers and plumbing 
Na chassis sr engine work required Sales commensurate with experience, aunty in person 
S 
Texas T railers, H 1 I9 IN 35 
North Near Weidner Rd exit Or 
ION 
413-4141- aik fat 
Bin 
O e n s a n a r e ______________ 

782 72* fWIU irNTtUIB 
■ l i m vBui i it n 
PARK TRN VOLVO IN SCOUT 
132 BALCONES NO 733 2143 
Cliv deliver y, cmrt iuen'se, exp , brings tap SS. need 4, call John 
732 3191 f l i t West Ave 
Jobs North, inc, Plocemt SVC 
CeXcftsflU 6 w n a n i Ushers' l l yrs or ever, t i 18 an hoar Apply in person atter sam 
Olmos 
Thpgfrt_______ _________________ 

H U U $ i I . c'e II e e l to n JU ISS 
IM N Mi toe 1 ane w tfkm a 466 I i i ! wmmvw------ 
1481 N C LOOP 418 
________ alb- m r_______ 

 waitresses and short Order 
Cooks needed tor this 14 hour full service restaurant 
I shifts available Excellent benefits Ap plv hi person Harry WuribPCh 8 
E isenhouer 
Wailers JJu “wail r esses we ole I" please apply between M f m 
Mon F it Carte Michefmo, IIM * S troadwoy 

I ISH I x eel ss yvs 
CALI IJS ‘ AAP ____ 

CALL BSB M S I 

•UJUNILR HEP un br up) Day. even 

San Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS—-Sunday February 2o I 9 7 7 

*7o2726 FOREIGN SPORTSCMS 7o2 726 FOREIBM SPORTSCARS 

CORVETTES 

73o-743 ■ AUTOMOBILES 
73o 743 - MlTOMQBIliS 
73o743 4Ute«»ilUS 
73o743 MITOMOIIiES 
73o743 AUTOMOBILES 

1 9 7 6 CORVETTE 

6,AM actual miles Stereo Co-vette aluminum wheels. Power steeling, power brakes, fortory air AM ’ M stereo radio light buckskin, saddle leather interior. SHU IN FACIORY WARRANTY 

O N E O W N E R , 
FULLY LOADED!!...................9® , 9 v V . 

BILL GARDNER 
CHEVROLET INC. 

RHONE C O lliO : Aliet, Two* AM-1413, Cornu* Christi, 
M3-2762, Robstown, To r o s 387-2SJS. 
4o8 W. MAIN 
ALICE, TEXAS 
(®* USED CARS ★ 

SSI 88 
SPECIAL 
'76 CHEVY Pickup, loaded . 
*7 5 LA G R A N D E Bug, A bt Btu#....................................... 
'7 4 K A R M A N Gbio Cpo., auto. A a ir.............................. 
’ 7 5 V W C a m p o r Pop-Top 
........................................... 
' 7 5 D A S H E R Sta. Wogon, auto, a i r ................................ 
’ 7 * V W Convertible, lib* n e w ........................................... 
’ 7 3 K A R M A N Chia A spd , radio A a ir ......................... 
’ 7 ft C N E V R O ilT Pickup, p o w e r..................................... 
•7 5 V W R a b b it, air, AM/EM, 25,ooo m iles.................. 
* 7 5 R A B B IT , 19,ooo miles, oir, radio.............................. 
’ 7 3 V W Von, radio, air, astro clean.................................. 
’ 7 3 S U B A R U , clean........................................................... 
’ 7 3 V W Super, Slue, 36,ooo m iles..................................... 
’ 7 o A U D I, 4-door 
.............................................................. 
’ A B V W Bug, autom atic....................................................... 
* 6 8 V W Pop Top Compar.................................................... 

 l f y o u d o n 't s e e us b e fo r e y o u b u y . .. 
Y o u C o u ld P a y T o o M u c h 

NORTH LOOP VOLKSWAGEN 
SUBARU — BMW 
4 6 2 3 F re d e ric k s b u rg R e a d • 7 3 2 - 7 1 2 1 
A c re s * f r o m W o n d e rla n d o f F r e d e r ic k s b u rg R d . 

$ 2 9 9 5 
$ 3 4 9 5 
$ 5 3 9 5 
$ 4 1 9 5 
$ 4 T 9 5 
$ 2 2 9 5 
$ 5 3 9 5 
$ 3 T 8 8 
$ 2 9 9 5 
$ 3 2 8 8 
$T 7 8 8 
$ 2 1 9 5 
$ 1 6 7 o 
$ 8 9 5 
$ 1 5 9 5 

© 

Wanjfrx ow*. WASHINGTON’S BIRTHDAY 

7 5 M O N T I C A R IO loaded w ith cruise control . $ 3 8 9 5 
'7 5 P IY M O U T H Duster, lo a d e d ......................... .. 
$ 2 7 9 5 
’ 7 4 F O R D Pickup ton, 6 a u to m a tic..................... 
5 2 3 9 5 
’ 7 4 B U IC K Le Sobre, in tro nice ................................... 5 2 o 9 5 
'7 2 C O U O A R loaded and th o rp !.............................. A I 9 9 5 
’ 7 1 C H IV Y A4oNTE CARIO, loodcd ............................5 1 8 9 5 
’ 7 4 O f f I MANTA, auto., a ir ............ 
5 1 4 9 5 
’ 7 1 C H IV Y 
Pickup, 6 standard...................................5 1 6 9 5 
’ 7 4 H O N D A Economy (heater 
..................... $ 1 5 9 5 
7 1 P L Y M O U T H Scamp coupe. V I, loaded 
5 1 3 9 5 
’ 6 6 C H IV Y Pickup 6 cyl Es USAT tru c k .....................5 
7 9 5 

I its Ad 
.I 

R A D 
E W f N T ) S 

9 2 2 -2 7 o 3 
3 o o 3 S.W. M ilitm 
Dr 
9 2 A-DEAl 

7 5 RX-4 4 door 
4 speed, radio, an... ‘ 2 6 9 5 

7 3 COW IT I dom, 
_____ leaded.................... .‘ 2 4 9 5 

7 4 BUICK lulu*, looded 
‘ 2 9 9 5 

7 3 FORD > Ton Pickup, 
6 1ytinder, radio . . . . *21 9 S 

7 3 O P Il GT 4 speed. 
.adm 
T T . ‘ 2 6 9 5 

TOM BENSON 

9 5 o o S a n P t d r o 

I RX-4 Station Wagon. 
4 tpeed, lodto. on.. . *2 6 9 5 

I FORD '/> ton Pickup. 
VS. m dio 
.*2295 
BUICK Sport Station 
Wogon loaded 
.‘ 1495 

FIREBIRD Acyl aider looded.............'1 7 9 5 

! TOYOTA Mark ll 
Station Wogon, auto matte, an radio .... *2 1 9 5 
IMPORTS 

3 4 1 - 1 3 5 6 

7oL CAPRI 
71o FIAT 

ROBINSON’S 
SPORTS CARS 
75 HAT 124, mr fe re o 
74 (AAME 2oo1 Til 
74 MOUDtS 7*o 
Coupe, re 
74 Vt Mot GT mr stereo 
74 TRIUMPH TRA 
74 fUI SPIDERS (2) 
73 DATSUN 24o2 
74 RAT 124 

Sports caupo, air. 
Many ocher moWt and 
Mwiali Ie choate tram 

LUU MA IMT SN A MC I ANO soviet otPT 

o343 WOODWAY 
121-1 JBR i ZJ Corvette Air, SSS. learner,] auto new paint et J tm* 
J_________________________ 
I St ( Oft vt f TC Convertible, auto. I 43 ^or<1 • 
VI pickup Very 
Bower air, power windows iuood cond Portion* restored tee ores ism ti; em atter 4pm h Corvette Excellent condition ’’YI Renault tit 4 door uuto. rear tow mileage eee eeeo eel JJt or window defroster, limp* Best otter 5 J49 JJU 
" * 
~ft COWTTC, I i J en«ine,i speed, low miles, excellent condition Loaded with extras toss tost 

•Z6 CARRI ll, vs. 4 speed, air.! power stearin?, am tm vinyl root j ill,OOO im 
Excellent condition I 
(IU 737* j i i t capri! like new, must sell, tndov Will help finance Coll 
Wondv IJJ 1464 r ti CAPRI j 
■loaded ti m SJH 7no________ > cAcRi, low" nu slightly over j 
(wholesale 49o- IHA, J44 16*o I 
■eves weekends____________ 
"TS Capri, 4 speed, air, Am-fAi radio, oood condition, si/1o. Calli im SM*______ 
“ft CAi>ft! V*. 24,ooo mi 4 speed, lor tory air.am tm radio, tape deck, Deluxe interior option SHZ/ , 
)*44-J9*fi SIJ oJJs 
7o8 CORVEnE 

 otter *S) o947 atter 5 

711 - HONDA 

, 77 Corvette Looded 194oo Coll 
‘am oiat 
, FE Corvette IT I ISO co 
T Too S4ooo sis not 
•Who! 

76 Corvet! 
By owner t*PI IJJ! 
THoT 
174 OUI; looded r eves 

74 MUNDA Civic, rnoTor and 
Irons Bood S4oo IJJ Ult attei 6 pm. ask tor Jerry 
7s h 8 N 6 A E N /il! t . dition 
Air. new 
SSI M79 

 ti? JAGUAR 
.I tO R vttU . . . I... 
J A C, I - XKI ion,..I,Ll.. nice /14 OSIS 

76 CORVETTE serious inguirtos only SAI Of J J 

 silver grev. rod teamer interior, 
[excellent condition 14.ooo miles 
SIJ,OOO I 7JJ-oo71 

JOI 4Z7S 
•—f-ORvFTTC i fop tit/auto’ power, air Ain t rn JI, 
S6mo«er*pnWjrj7 4o 

 m u * i s m 
TlTD^tsunBTOrTnT track new tires owner S79So o22 $749________ 
T4 Oatswn BJ IU Hatchback owner must soft 512oo 474 1219 ii DATSUN 
B HO Hatchback, on PM, mon ual law mileage 7 JU I SS 
--------------daTsJn-------------- 
BBVSOM AUTO CENTER 
14JO BAT BOOKER 
UNIVERSAL. CITY ASS 4771 
TT’Ba fsUffT ick up with co rn lim I*}'**** O' »*4 • 
_______ ti DATSUN Pickup, 4 speed, air mi Exceptional SA,75o JJA J7oS tend,honed comae, extra nice 
MISSIOkl""fTTv"iMP6 I t t i sues TM OSIS n,<* MERCEDES BENE soles Service 
» IW Y > / J # yJU 
’IR’HI 
BL tit* ti 
Iii >o41 

 k XCfcLIFNT 

4 DAY SALE! 

We ore reducing the price on this select group of full-size Chevrolets thru Monday, February 21. 
Prices are reduced up to $1,oo9 from window price. Each cor has a V8 engine, hydromatic transmission, power steering & brakes, air conditioning, windshield antenna, radial white stripe tires, wmvyl seats, carpeting, plus much more. Don't wait. Come in today. 

YOUR 

CHOICE 
$ 

•MSK., .-tex -frT tr'V 
* 

5 2 6 9 

LIST $6o13 

MONTE CARLO 

IMPALA 

# 2 2 6 3 ,2 3 ( 4 , 

2 o 4 7 ,2 3 8 5 

COUPE 
#23o6, 2334, 23o1, 
2368. 

IMPALA 
SEDAN 
#2365, 228o,2376, 
2256. 
UST $6257 the little 

I cheeper dealer 
MISSION 
CHEVROLET 
12ooS.EMIitaryDr. 

Q O A .o * 2 1 1 
Dai,y 8am -9pm 
VC O 11 
Sat. 8am -6pm . 

A s MKRiOR 
V 
PONTIAC 
BETTER HURRY— THESE PRICES ARE FOR REAL! tm a p n A ij po IV ®'BB#r m#tollK blawn, with saddle tan, al! vinyl int«nor,NEDLJClD 
/ U UH A Pl rK IA white vinyl root, bucket watt, consol#. power steering, PRICE power (bv beak**, tor tory air, W/SW radial hr**, rally wheels, trim rings, body ta OOO side moldings, looded. beautiful car Slock No 4 461, Was $4295 Now............. 3 3 o o 
7 3 GRAN PRIX lurqundy metallic with burgundy luxury interior and burgundy vinyl root, 6 xray power seat, roily wheels, pawer windows, bucket seats with console, AM TM stereo, factory air, cruise control, Great looking cor, St. sn a a f 
No IO 1o13, Was $3695 Now................................................................ A /T J tm # p D A kl DD IV &unrn*’°* ','v,r with block vinyl roof, block oil vinyl in- f *o OKAPI rK IA tenor, bucket seats/console, tilt steering, power seat/ 
^ower windows, AM TM stele#, looded, lick looking car, Stk No 9-821 f. Was g 

 lu r r AT Al IU A * 
^*d°n- *olle yellow exterior with white vinyl roof 
< J LA I ALINA with natural soddle ton interior, body side moldings, remote control left side mirror, deluxe whee! covert, auto teens. power steenng, power disc brokes, toctory air A perfect termly cor Stk No ll Io4S A tA n n r 
Wos UM Now.............................................................................’ ZV V 3 
’ 7 9 I IIV I IDV le**am iPort’ loupe, conary yellow with black vinyl roof, block 
• A LU AUK I od vinyl mteriof. body side moldings, remote control, left hand mirror, power steenng power broket, toctory on. roily wheels with trim rings, AM lodto with steieo 8 flock tope player Pretty little cor Stk No. I MOH f, Was < • a a f 
$zm now.................................................................................. . I vV 5 
’ 7 4 TH VITT A <-o'o*'o * <*oo' 
Uupe snow white, black interior, new 
/* I I U T U I A lites, outomatn, on Beautiful economical cor. stock no S SM son r n 
Wos $2895...................................................................................*ZZ5U tm a ax ne nn loupe, 7 door. hardtop, medium green, green vmyl r<#t, green 
• A U l l / i YO luxury interior, all power, on, nice tot, stock no ll IOU was « a rn a a 
$3495 ........................................................................................ Z/O O tm a a tj a xirsVIIII E l°uP* dmmnnd blue melodic, white wheels, landed, 
• 9 UKANUVILLC power I on, beautiful coupe, stock no 1o 41o Wos e<*AAr 
$3595 ........................................................................................ 3 Z y 5 
•7 7 a m r v *'«cl ? door, burgundy, metallic block vmyl roof, block vinyl interior, 
/ 3 LtUILVV twin race mirrors may wheels, good looking, stack no 4 446, Was ^ j JQ 

’77 C n U T IA r Irttfttl Safari Station Wogon burgundy metallic, with burgundy 
• 3 * U N 11 AL vinyl interior, 3 seater, hit steering, AM IM es is, stack no ca o a f ll IC33 Wos$2395 ......................................................................... I 5Y 3 t a i p flU T IAC lotokno 4 door, burgundy, buigwndy vinyl interior, power 
* * r U N UAL steering, outomotic, body side mouldings, on, power brokes, sa a a f loaded, line family cor, stock no 2-/54, wos $2HS...................................... ZRV3 iyx ■ aa a cif * <^KM WPP*' color with ton inteiMH automatic, power s a f a f 
/ H IC In A N j steeling, ow. good family cor, slack no S SMA Was MMS 
’7 A CO A lin AAA 
(*oof (oPP*' metallic, beige vinyl cool with fan vmyl 
/*• U K A N I/ A ITI interior, stifled steel wheels, bucket seots, console, t a a a vs looded, power A an. great looking car, stock na 12 1o91 Wos S341S.................. * TOO rya a a a cjrx pniw Silver SJ. rallye wheels, black Vt vinyl loaf, black in 
» A UK ANU rK lA tenor, bucket seats, console, power, ow, completely caf OO looded, stk 4891/IP Wos $4315 ....................................................... 3 3 o o ly e S'DA tin I _ BA t EJC 2 door gunmetal gioy. black Vt landau vmyl 
/ 3 UKANU LCIvlANj loot, black vmyl bucket seats, console and Wool shift, uutomahc. pawer steering, V B. power blokes I on. AM IM stereo music, s a f a f 
Ary sharp looking coupe, stock na 4 5o3 A Wos 5431S............................... 3 3 Y 3 
,7 a Q |||F tf Uectro 225 ? dc Hordtop, iltitft whiff vmyl roof, ooid a • w wlVtR mtffWf, vmyl. (ompitttiy Idsdtd, beautiful luxury coupe, stk ja i q q m IO HI Was $4295 ..................................................................... 3 o o o 
SUPERIOR PONTIAC 
7 1 1 B R O A D W A Y 
• 
9 7 o B R O A D W A Y 
127-3o41 
• 
O PEN EVI 

EJ 
SMWdtBEf Of A il III TAMM 
S um /lam (/ca U rn la 

 gwriswi »IMUIII93 WIIIJ MI VTJ) i*%4 A IAI9111 
Ti Corvellv fToo. fcxtell.nti/14 * MAZOA 

 r ' 9 u , a r ' *sfc.nu T j1 "M- '; ar ft " x n a 
.ondil.on 
SUSQ A7SOJ47, A74-»o«o. 
74 AAoiJb . Wk3 tto iio n wogon. 
I ??"*.'I™. 
..T..11!.ooo rntl** Soc nine1 SI TM full price Coll 
Hon Moods 277 o9*6 
TTmaTCa.TFTT *open 4 speud. 
IOX# ovei uuvnients, no vciuilv. 
AM Im 8 
A*I 1871 
___ nevi < OMO 
/4 UX4 WAg6H Hoarly perfecl' 
STSOU 42* Mil eves 

NEW 4 
CYLINDER ENGINE 
77 GREMLIN 

71S MERCEDES IFN/ id L L ld T f llf H IU 
JI. ]»« 
SIL Mercrrghrs Beni. silver, blue ilealher Sunroof AS* engine, i19JOO 224 IIJI 
'111111 nn 1 
CONDITION 

’7o Datsun SIO Mlagon, 4 speed', on STS* 696 1152 
------- /O DaT ^UN WAGON------- 
SA9I CPU 111*112 
IT I b a r n 'l l 

1*2o SAN ftCORO 

I 
T t U i o r e s looded ASI S ir* 

TJA 2 JA J 
White vins! tup 

EPA 
33 MPG 
HWY. 

4l New AMC 2 Liter 4 
Cylinder Engine 

 i n ■ Fresh New Styling 

BASE PRICE 

■ New Larger Rear Lift 
Window 
■ New Buyer Protection 
Plan * ll 
’3 2 4 8 * 

How to live happily with your leased car for the next two or three years 
Include Red Mac's Maintenance Lease Program 

 live happily with your car for the next two or three years. 

For a fixed fee, your new 
Ford automobile is covered anywhere in the U.S. for inspections and emergency repairs. 
Complete scheduled maintenance, oil changes, tune-ups and normal repairs, beyond those listed in the standard warranty, are covered for 4o,ooo miles on a 36-month lease or 
24,ooo miles on a 24- month lease. 

The Maintenance Lease 

Program can be added to your Red Mac lease for only $11.98 per month. 
That's a bargain for peace-of-mind, smoother running and better mileage. 

Tires, state inspections and a few other items are not covered. For complete details, get a copy of FALS 
MAINTENANCE 
LEASE PROGRAM at 
Red Mac Leases and 

Red 
MOC! 
LEASES 

1o25 San Pedro 
San Antonio, Texas 78212 
222-8611 

P A L M 

LOW BOWN SALE 
1 8 8 
OO 
D O W N 
CASH or TRADE 

NEW '77 GRANADA 2-DR. 
NEW '77 PINTO 
$8 2 45* 

*82.45 for 48 months on approved credit w ith $188 cash or trade down. Cash sale price $3329. Annual percentage rate 11.83, deferred price $4145.6o. 
State tax, license excluded. Stock #4244. 
LOW PAYMENTS—ALL MODELS—OVER 4oo NEW FORDS 

PINTOS • MAVERICKS • MUSTANGS • GRANADAS • LTD. TRUCKS 

 s9 9 92* 

*99.92 for 48 months on approved credit w ith $188 cash or trade down. Cash sale price $3994 Annual percentage rate 11.83, deferred price $ 4 9 8 4 .1 6 .. 
State Tax, license excluded. Stock #4161 

*3oo to ’5oo OFF ON USED CARS & TRUCKS 

2311 Broodway - 227-141 S 

..... 
*2895 
5 MAVERICK 4-dr........ 
,, LINCOLN 
'5 Mark IV loaded .......... 

 r2 PONTIAC 4-dr............ 

'O CUTLASS 3-dr............. 

'7 5 LTO Country Saulrp ...... 
THUNDERBIRD 
'7 5 1-dr. ......... ........... 

'7 o IMPALA 1-dr------------... 

'6 8 MUSTANG 1-dr. __ ___ 

'7 4 MUSTANG 1+1______ 
MG Convertible 
9 W 
Aao#*a***o#*aAaoa*ao******* 
FIAT Tp 
7 5 (on**? tibia Cava* ......... 
VOLVO TAS 
7 3 Station Wagon ----- 
T„ 
. 
M AVERICK 4-dr. 
‘7 6 LOO pack aga -------------- 

'7 6 i y i C A ^ t AC Coup# divilla 
7 6 11,ooo mil** - r..... 

'7 5 HONDA I-dr 
...... 
MAZDA 
7 4 Station Wagon 

*8395 
* 99o 
‘ 1o9o 
‘3995 
‘5595 
*1o9o 
*1375 
‘2995 
‘ 1675 
‘3995 
‘3295 
‘4195 
‘3995 
‘8995 
•1975 
‘ 1775 

27S5 S.W. Military D nvt - 923-454! 
C H I V IO L E T 
7 4 
Copr it# 4-door 
...... 
CHEVROLET 
7 4 
C IO L W I Pickup ........ 
C ADILLAC 
7 2 Do V H I* 4-door......... 
, . _ DODGE 
6V Coronal 1-door 
.... 
FORD 
7 6 (lit# I -door ....... ........ 
CHEVROLET 
J J Capric* 4-door ........... 
G R A N A D A 
7 6 
Gtsia 4-door _______ 
V W Supe. Beetle 
1-door — ............... 
'75 

2o14 M m i Rood 

.— 
‘3195 
• ‘3295 
‘2695 
‘ 695 
— 
‘4895 
*2495 
— 
*4495 
‘2395 

3 3 3 4 7 2 o 

 t *•#* IM P A L A Station W o g o n wir, 
_ 
/ i 
'OWtf 
........ 
Ttt.rii xxxi 
* 1 4 9 5 
:zi iS S W tfrtjjsn a . 

'7 2 
___________ 
.e x CHBVIOLET C-1o Pickup. * 
7 o cylinder, standard. Ct*#- tu rn o * lu ; y ...----------------- l y e C H lV lO L lf Ch*y*nn* Su- 
7 I prom* Pickup, all powor, air , 
'7 5 
7 9 pow*r __________ ___ ut.ilO, cufltpl*t* 
7 4 
P*p Top ................ 

‘2995 
‘3995 
‘4295 

1722 Austin Highway -126-3247 
'7o MAVERICK 1-door ....... 
‘ 1 1 9 5 
FORD LTD 
7 5 1-door hardtop ........ . 

'7 2 IMPALA 4-door ............. 
_ CUTLASS Swpromo 1-door, 
7 5 hardtop ...................... 
'7 2 GREMLIN 1-door .......... 
FORD Galaclo SOO 1-door, 
7 o hardtop 
MERCURY Capri 1-door 
7 J hardtop ....................... 
ELITE ^ 
7 9 1-doo’-hardtop ............ 
FORD 
^ 
7 4 Rangor Pickup 
........ 
TVVCX A MU* MPT. 
2411 Broodway - 227-1419 

‘3 6 8 8 

‘ 1 2 9 6 

‘ 3 9 8 7 
‘ 1 3 6 6 

‘ 1o 9 5 

‘ 1797 

‘4 o 8 6 

‘3 2 7 6 

FORD $-pat**ng*r Club 
Wagon, A stands 
_h*a?or, air 
6 standard, radio. n T E T ir a ir ........................ 
RANChiftO Squire Picku automatic, radio. h*ol powor ct oar Ina, air 
JHP Custom Wagon#ar 4-1 door, Vt, automatic, air, 
I S2trx 4-whoal dr Iv* ....... I 
I FORD FISO fa ton IWB 

•a I liar, t 

1 9 2 6 

 k129o 

™ 
*4299 
•T K ! o#o r ,5 ° l 
7 9 Ranger Super C ab. I, auto- . . ___ 
.nsatic^radia, heater ........ 
4 3 7 9 
'7 6 

'7 4 
“ ro u CAN AFFORD A FORD FROM G lU tSP H " 
GILLESPIE® 

• a.»xx L 
' FT MHT #r sttMts 
FORD I IOO. Carga Van, o 
___ automatic, radio, heater . 
*48 19 
FORD F-1oo «/| tan, IWB 
Explorer Pickup, I, auto- mo tic, air, power .......... 
3 3 6 7 

23oo Broadway • 227-1411 
2311 B ro a d w a y • 227-141 5 
2411 Broadway • 227-1419 
2753 S.W. Military • 923-4541 
2o14 Goliod Road • 333-672o 
1722 Austin Hwy. • 826-3287 

 rn mm 

716 MS 
T O T T TonT#ni5I«™ff»movoSI« 
~ t x c t l i e i i l c a n d . b a t t offer H i t n t 
B S T x u n i i T 
A n 
AM WX 
,#® ‘•••“ fw 
• x c v iia n t c a n d t i t # * x t * t m a r ; w n » *a , b * a c b r a c i n g s t u p e s 
H I M 
|f| 1861- jfififl 45/194* ___ ________ 

 t i h o i sun i t i l J + J o e d s t a n d a r d 
J * 
" J ' * trellis, Sir, stn Im rodte Ii frock I i IMW# Btl* Oft#f /J# 747 J stwrsFGx oHiff tifrft, UrMtXt iniivs 
A f 'hXttl ,ftf\ I 
M, rn I r • 

Also standard, 6-cylinder, Model 465. 
•plus Freight, Tax, Title & license. 
Starting At * 2 9 9 5 * 

 e x c e l c o n d S«4 t o CSJ ( O f# ir B I YICTTTaT Xulprnoii.. a ir m a g w t i e e i * . l a v e r s , (leon c a r 
S / t u * M US t i h o u s e 
J J J J o t * ism, I tit, Exceilenl t undilTun 
TH OM W 

71o HAI 
I.';1 fu,'*"";1”" I1- CVX m'lr-'" I1 
M P D . b e s t u f f v r sit J 2 4 J t* #IAT ill, specter 4 dear 
I},MW rn, S lJ fi JJJ S H J 
7T7'f aT~I T i T oe e el 4 dear t i Otto nil s i l t s IJJ (l)J 
•'tr rrit'T if 

- h e e l s 
11 SOU 49 1 1o44 
I v~mT,I (ST J cvl"*"ouia Brice reached1 (J* JJM 

' T r a e r Oise’ d i n e r l l a S b ' m i u s t x * t h i , a t t e r I s t # * # * e 
— 
Tn g ' uiB 4ir t ;.,.y.— 
* s i r * s t i a r p 1 L j e t s j c t g i t ; 

 j r f AL K O M M A Y -A M C 
A M ERIC A N n i l S A N P E D R O 
2 2 7 - 7 5 1 1 
M O T O R S 
1 7 1 5 S.E. M IL IT A R Y D R . 
9 2 4 - 7 3 5 1 

9 imartvJ OtaU ai Taxed 
V 
W aZed Outu im lased 
V 
W */U * 

1717 APH 
--------- #T6ic i or uotp 

MFT u n lit 
~ ir m r v £ i6 k i#h 
DWNtR 
NBKDI 
I)* *»lt 

75 FIA T X lf 
Tdka ever pevmenls no adultv 
I. Jet etc# 

Mini canditiun SI TSU IJJ *)SJ n w n snmfi----- 
IIM JJE 9 / 1* 
T i 'gpiii"IgaivFaHTuiius lee.I 
TOT C«ut>« geed c««d »lt»* *9o HJJ i n f 6».I IpuTTT •im. Ti-rn mile# Aulemulsc. extra clean* 
MONK, CWI Leersera Bennett JJJ if*# 
______ >i ftrr rm n y # ; I m agen air n m JJ**i»J 
TI 6811 «/atdA tahea * speed 
HH HttJJS I 

 irons##, i a«M bbs sdvai 

 tit raucEi 
Tmssesmras-RR- 
IJJ# ti E I DOP dig 
•J# III# 
TTFw m 'uTTiaexl tend,hun sj#a« m mn 
’ff her sc ha JU C Geed cunditieiT 
WI IM *4*4 ext MI Atter * 
H I /lit rrpgisfhi iir » '~BVr"c*B4i tied id. 5 s# ead cassette caribe blue metallic, ana awner, immaculate ti I , BE#, l l ) 
U 
C 
I 
I venmts <l4*l|f 
• SXS MUMMS IO CAU is lit ISH laeaiss sn# mums 

718 mm m PORSCH! 

 it;* po# sr ss* ti# 
I • sn#.ne S speed , stere# /.BB* miles CeM Mon Walk ar t’«Bo 
NOM I NWOOO PORSCH* AULU ill* Hi teae cid 
•I* i i i# 
Itll P B IV V tffill, I m ire 
AM PM stere#. Bu ti, a ,#4 JI Ma m i Excallent canditsaa |4*>B sen rV ille t i t H H l f Par sc ha FIL mao*, micheiin bras. AM PM. SHB* CSV till 
•^ n W W H IT T T flW W IT 
MUST tits tit IHI ut ISH I seeiss cesses 
(Btl tit I*** 

 tfJ* PORSCHE t i l S 
SPECIAL EDITION WI, AM PM stereo • tree* CB, new Mn benn 
AWR tires, sunroof Ceti 
Ben 
WM* ei 
NUM IM WOOD PORSCH* AUDI 
DU Hi Lae# 41# 
824 *114 tm P64<7H T H n Tb7m"~~ 
I J.BB* miles Camp+eteif wade# iniiuamg crass* cent,el AM P M stere* I tree*. CR aa# mara) 
C GHM I piffi Gay i i*j 
HOMTMWOOD PORSCH* AUDI 
UU HR LOBB 41* 
•lASflt t • j Fek 
W 
W 

I ‘ZI Porsche PUT farea Allays, s speed. AM PM stereo lap* Law mdaaa* 
Immocutofa st J SO 
I 4P4-I7B* 
719 PtfKOI________ 
T T ^a a a e o i we HODO m i excel m e c h a n ic a l, a u la . a ir, slerae 
IJlHCali •!* WM 

 r n s u i 

" ~ C 
T ' I J, . . . . . . . . . I cetlent cond Dots groan, ti actual miles, AM PM rads*. Mi chelin tires l*«« 494 5o24 
S#TVT6NNttV III ii------ 

I 
o l | i > EBB D B U 
722 T8Y8TA m u t t FA VAY A--------- 
Across Prom Allport IJt-O/JJ 
IU N i LOOP 41o 
TiT r n 7A' s r la beautiful can dsttan. with only 11,5oo mi Air, 5 sad bans, om-tm . ..i 
Mu* wifh vmyt tea JI MPG Huns 
Groat1 HADA retail, tills, will 
! tad SHB* Oavs 122-tllt, mtes rn ZHI 
I 91 Calico, l f , 4 spaaJ. a ir, sfarocT loadad. 2,4oo #55 *525 i i ' V d J T O T I u T T H W 
I 
•UIL? SMALL CAR THAN AT 
ORBYRR TOYOTA 
BUY IT 

 m a r k i i M o i i a b W a t a a , 4'S T ! a ir, to a d tiro s, lt«oo Cai* la m 
I H a m . $ IO p m P p m > J4 t o n 

1o-DAY SALI 

• SOFT RAY GLASS 
EXPIRES 
• 3o1 VS ENGINE 
FEB. 28 

'6 AUTOMATIC TRANSMISSION 
• FACTORY AIR CONDITIONING 
• RALLYE ll WHEELS 
J J - 
• AM/rn STERIO 
T * 

• BODY SIDE MOLDINGS 

• SPORT MIRRORS—REMOTE CONTROL 
• BOWER STEERING AND BRAKES 
• WHITEWALL STEEL BELTED TIRES 
• ACOUSTICAL INSULATION 
• CUSTOM BELTS 
P|*lti, tide 4 hcewo 

TTTJliaru m#p cit* 
*tri*#9 SF.1. t u t u I) fi i i ellont Cottonton 

T I TO v a t A i n t l---------- 
C A L I M I HJJ 
TI Terete ^ar.dTcyTI *6AU et uneniKpl JU *9S» 
/V'TJrST. M ic a IT I ewnfT, 
«« tao im radials vary c ia ® Re c e lio n i c a n d ilte n 
M a v ta e la 
Hi WBM S JI/1 JU J SOO r«>rr.;;u EoIUb i t am fu att, aoxMl bras. mom tatam i exto l leat ryam aa c anda ton excoMant tntartar ana aetauat. S H M CRM 
Doms* eOAZMl * 9 * *JS9 

★SUPERIOR* PONTIAC* 
„ T i l BROADWAY 
227.5o41 

 mmBk 
Tn*»#k(Xu!i!icRiMr 
AM PM stat aa meas IS.OOO m i 
RctoManl *5*1911 
Y T TBV OTI "fi t "i'g I "ifY 'L FPT*. 
BACK 
A ir. tlo ro o , law m il# # 
R e a e ig r aas lo w a r r e n ' * 
14//S U S M f I attar 4 W 

 l i t T8YoIA 
78 H W A 
I 
(•ll TO VO TA C o r on’#' S ta tio n 
«**#*, st# mom b ra t. Must soli 
U H T 
/ n o n # or 
Bos! attar 
ZH O U * 

•74 To roto Corona M a rl ll A ir a u to 
Bos! o tte r l i t t i l t or 
I I I HIO. Rich 

ZI Toyota Corolla 4 Aaa,, 4 spool. clean I ow n*, st* m u radio, M o la r, a # Jz m p g Total ! iv ovorhaattHl t i m 
#1/ o u t 

Tawwiii 

 i s J i P ' l i ! * * * ' c a u a *. mc 
Iii**##* xxi'e do* 
JI Y#»*ia *| MA mi o*o'^ coni hr## H IH *51/915 

 r n . 
A 
D 
S 
2 
L IN E S 

S A 
V 
I N 
G 
S . . . t o days 

N O N C O M M E R C I A L ! 
CANCELLABLE 
WITHOUT 
BATE CHANGE 
2 2 5 - 1 6 6 6 
QUICK RESULTS! 

73B-743 AUTOMOBILES 
73B-743 AUTOMOBILES 
73G743 AUTDNOBIUS 

Son Antonio EXPRESS-N E W S — 
S unday February 2 o 1 9 7 7 

73o743 AUTOMOBILES 
73o 743 AUTOMOBILES 
73o743 AUTOMOBILES 

 i S S S S S S S S S S S S S S S S S S S S S S S S S S S S S S S S S S S S S S S G S S S S S S 
THREE SPECTACULAR WAYS TO SAVE 

★ ** * 
* * . 
♦ I* * 
AT HEMPHILL-McCOMBS 

* 1 . $ 5 , o o o 
G I V E A W A Y * 

R e g is t e r F o r T h e 
H e m p h ill M c C o m b s 
F o rd $ 5 , o o o 
S a v in g s P la n 
G iv e a w a y * a t a n y o f th e 5 H e m p h ill- 
M c C o m b s 
L o c a tio n s . 

• 1o25 SAN PEDRO 
222-8611 

• 19o1 S.W. MILITARY 
DR. 922-6317 

• 5831 N.W. LOOP 41o 
681-1431 

• 4721 W. COMMERCE 
433-1464 

• 73oo SAN PEDRO 
349-6591 

*no purchase necessary 

* 2 . U S E D C A R S 

» 7 # 
B T H 
4 Dr* Sedan' viny' roof- A T' p s ' 
PB' S R 
I O d 
/ 
O 
U 
I # 
Air, Only I 2 ,o o o miles....................................J 
I a f 3 
’76 MALIBU CLASSICO 
A R O e 
Air. Sharp little red ca r.................................................... 
C # a f 9 

C l I T C ^ 
Dr. 
Stereo, 
Full Power. 
An 
/ «# 
C L I I C cellent cor with luxury interior.................. ^ w 
T v 

I 7 
C 
I T f t 9-Passenger Station W agon. Dual fat- 
/ t# 
L l I# ing rear seats. Stereo and power. A %J% *"W 
C real family c a r ................................................... rn ar •# 

J 7 C 
T H I D f l A white car with full power rn rn 
I " D I l \ l # assists including Sun Roof, low L JL 
C E m ileage..................................................................................................... %# 

9 7 i | 
T 
D I O R Silver-Blue Glow . Fully e q u ip p e d .$ ^| 
C 
/ ^ 
I " D I Im l r Only 3 1 ,o o o m ile s ......................... 
^w1 ar ar 6# 
74 MUSTANG MACH I 

4 spd., power steer, p-brakes, rallye wheels, air $ 
o 
CT conditioning....................................................................... W d ft ar Ow 
75 PONTIAC GRAN PRIX “ J” 

Full power equipment plus tilt wheel, cruise control, 
AM-FM stereo tape player 

9 7 a 
C A D 
H 
G R A N 
T O R ,N O b r o u g h a m . 2 
/ " f I w l m l # 
Dr. Has power, air, fender skirts, 
$ 
o 
I 4 ") CT luxury interior.....................................................................Im I Im I d 
73 CADILLAC EL DORADO 
Full powe luxury for 
’73 NOVA CUSTOM Hatchback. d 
Automatic, Power, Low m ile s ................................... ad* L r ar rn# 
’71 CONTINENTAL m a r k iii 
$ 3 3 9 5 

* 3 . N E W C A R S 

Full power assists with leather interior. Lots of ‘ 4 2 9 5 

Full power, very clean and low miles 
H e m p h i l l - F o r d 

1o25 S a n P ed ro • 19o1 S.W . M ilitary Dr • 5831 IMW. L o o p 41o • 4721 W . C o m m e rc e • 73oo S a n P ed ro 

 s s s s s s s s s s s s s s s s s s s s s s s s s s s s s s s s s s s s s s s s s s s 

722 TOYOTA 

I J Toyota M X w agon, tow m iles, lik e now » M -1o2o OSO-22/2 
T O Y O T A O F i A N A N T O N IO 
1/o3 S E M I L I T A R Y O R IV E 
*24 *4 ) I 
TTTSVSTaT rT 

724 VOLKSWAGEN 
726 MISCELLANEOUS AUTOS 

M U S T S E L L 
222 I M I 
It/1 Y 6 y 6 T a w a ~& 6 n A u to Air- 
o4.ooo m i . now v o iv o lo b . good b ro t SHOO 424 21/1 

723 TRIUMPH 

M c 
A u ih o ritc d S ale s an d S e rv ic e 
T riu m p h -A lfa R o m io n i l B R O A D W A Y 12* SSI I 
72 ip iW jre C o n v e rtib le C* ce lle n t con d St/SO 4 11 -4 IX 
/I Som bre L o w m ile a g e S U / s 
CaU 82a ZOO/ 
»1 V R H J M F h S p itfire c o n v e r t blo, low m i 12* -o 111-81S2_______ i i T r iu m p h S lo g 
A ir . p o w e r, re m o v a b le h a rd lo p L o w m ile* 
T ra d e p o rn o Ie SHOO 824-1*14 
------------h V fti'U M » H t R i ------------ 
R a d io , o v e rd riv e . M ic h e h n K M X b ro t C a ll L o a n G a r c ia 
$58*1 
N O R T H W O O D R O R SC Mf. A U D I 
1124 N C L o o p 41o 
824 2214 
•Z 4 "T b * ."'S h a rp ' ii. 6 4 6 $4 1* 1. 
F irm *22-o8/2 
7 1 V W S o o a re b o c k 

44 V R B u g . e v c e lle n t co n d itio n m o c h a n t c o llv . g o o d b o d y a n d b r e i P riv a te e a rly $4*$ 223 2o22 or 4*475o4 

 iiTTTw ' l u o L o o k s and r a n i good 
$4oo 454 *444 
44 V R B U G rune re o l good IS H 

TI VIN B U S , new m o la r 
4*4 184V 
WvW^DTTu»Troor7ocrTa3Kr n e w t i r e i , lo w m ile a g e , im m a c u la te 13/ 8*I*. 
Te' T v O 6 A ih t * R ~ g i; ~ b 7" 

 st eof 
(W o rth $14oo!) 4114584 
• Ii J*o/ 
4 m e ed . OII, tik e new 

724 VOLKSWAGEN 

 lik'd new 12118, 322-81 l l 
| 
7 1 V W D a l l i e r W a g o n 
4 d r , 
Iooded 22 OOO m ile s l l/ * 1414 

VTV Engine Overhaul VW 
M C T B rr. M A S f f R , 8/4 /42/ 

VW Engines S4oo S5oo 
I l l M o or 12,ooo tnt. W o rra n ty 
N lid o B u g R e p a ir 4*4 184* 

VW ENGINES $179.5o 
R E B U I L T A G U A R A N T E E D 
I N S T A L L E D 
4 M O N T H S or 4,ooo M I L E S 
L A R G E S T O C K U S E D P A R T S 
A M E R I C A N B U G C E N T E R 

L _ _ w _ _ w 2 ! _ ! L w w w v w w e w m 
!'41 V W C ie e llen I R u n n in g C o n d i bon R e b u ilt E n g in e ,/ ie o/1o 
VW F i iiib iiik , -M e e c tlle n t c o n j 
H T M C o ll 411 I I H 
T T v w m o p w h e e ls , ( ig o i p o w b r e i IIT * ! I l l 8112 
-----------------■ * 7 v Ji~ 2 M--------- 
N eed s m in e r re p o ir 411 ITM 
■ 
42 V W , n ee^ i w o rk" 

 fCO N O M Y BARGAINS 

7 4 N G B C o n v p rfib le . . ‘ 3 4 9 5 

7 3 TOYOTA Calico . . . ‘ 2 1 9 5 

7 3 PINTO W o g o n ... . M 6 9 S 

7 1 MAVERICK, 2 -dr. . * 1 o 9 5 

7 o VW S q u o rtb o (k 
. . 
‘ 8 9 5 

'6 9 VW ? d o o t. 
‘ 8 9 5 

6 8 TORINO C o u o o . . . . 
7 9 5 

-6 8 i i M ANS Coupe 
. . 
>495 

C A U : AAR- S U T T O N 
DEAN I CO. 
•OO BROADWAY 
M S 2774 

LAST CHAR 
Full Silo 1976 
D U H ROT AIU MONK 
CARIO V 
CUTLASS SUPtUMS NOVA’S 
MNTO'S, atony e ik o n 
Clean C a rt- Caw F m p t 
1 1 o 6 H A L M 
A t A L r p w H B lv d . 
166____ 
I A ir p o rt I 

7?5 VOLVO 

A ik tar D a v id 4/V4S1I 431 11*4 
B U G S ! 
1*44 th ru 1*7? M o d e l! 

■ - ,C A ,L. L.. i t M 
V 
* 
--- 
V~3r~new' r lu i'r K b r a i n p o in t 
TJ C e b c a A ir, A M - F M c a n e tt e u p h o lste ry , ra d io P o tte rv G ood ste reo m a g i, d ic t U e n l VIO p rn . tra m p e r lo b a n STOOhrm 1 1 J8 II4 t ' j T i l l 
U D o ih e r, #«c cond, * sp 

44 V O L V O , good co n d itio n 141o 
C ab atter I 114 149*_____________ 
I i V o lv o 144 t 
S ta n d l u ll . e q u ip p e d V e r y g g p d c o n d itio n 
/14 MSS, i Tem 

IOU. 1241o T14-1124 b u n t B u 6 C 7 m a g i 

 m u ll 

 c a n o p y 

V r T W i n i i f , dailam 
A ir low nu I i IV! I l l 8111 

 v W h i l l H t ‘t i , I ’ap pr. Uke new. 
» iv iet* n o v e lle , lu g 
1)4*o im m u i ala te 
4 Lp# fi| Oil root itre e ! le g a l 224 »*S4 
^uge 
, o th 
6 J k f l U A S V 
'i i V A T ib e r , 
424o41/ ta n , body R t a c jg n it ip * . ch rp m e . f j 1H W R a b b i) irk * "now ! A311% e x tra cto r 
Rat) b a r, a lu m m a g i iin - jg ie d a n 484 14o1 eve ghgpaVr^GrltyUttn14^ 
" J * f v o n g e liil m u il ie lP » 4 v W b u T ice $184 i l l **ie e v e i r e b u ilt e n g in e , n ew li r e ! , n ew p a in t, HSOO 
A l i a 7 o v w o u i. re b u ilt engine. 11/oo 41$ 28/1 il Wiauor'ebock it.oOA rn! 
I N eed to M il 484-1114 g it 4 
T l 'V W t u u o r e b u c l" B e d i m ! c o n d . a ir, new b r a t E n g u n d er w a r r a n ty 
N e w f r o n t . t t a r te r , b o n e r y 
1148o D a y t 
231 4444. 
C M P V 6 lk iW A 6 1 B 
• m a n _______________ 
T i l T III 
I T W io u a* i l i a d l l I M or k e lt 
4421 F r e d e r ic k tb u r g R d otter C o ll 
812 OIH 
/4 I A 8 l i T 7 u s T o A T T a r i i r w ip e ed , otr, a m tm , e e c e lle n l con d ra d io 

I SEU VWS 6MWS SUBARUS 
C A L L P A T __________ 
W 7 F > 1 I 

- W M V 6 iio b o n W agon------ 
L O A D E D " 
222 U 43 a i U 6C VTO 1666 f fcoav e . c e l le n t1 A i it ’ >18*1 412 21*4________ f t W k . V O Vfgggn, k -teo ed a ir’, lle ro g SI8»$ 4$) /tT * « y « t 
48' V k V 6 W oo en l T T o m im . arr, re b u ilt engtae, d u tc h in * * 
I 414-2*12 lit RUSCtUAMtOUS UIIOS 

BAO CREDIT? 
A R A N T E S T H R E E IS A i i G U A R A ) 
_ 
___ 
W A Y — I C a n te ll you a C a r l 
C A L L 
F R A N K 

PADGETT’S Used Cars 

$2/7$ br rn 448 1472 
_____ 
T i R a b b i! f u it o m D e lu e e 
A ir. vian d . I M S M 4*1 284/ rt U W i - B t F T l i 
R .6 a .l) 7TT aine litr e # $8oo /11-4 >21 
V f T J R T f f T f l T l ' l A M KIU. 4 .. cu te H ic k ih rft. I M M 4*8 IU 8 
?j' Lu per B te k e I t 'e U e n l ce n d i bon C P S U M 4/1 2*11 a lle r 4 

T i H J D B 8 V W a1, aute------- low fu n g i >17*1 >118112 
V T V o tk iw ag en "but 
R e'buIiT''in ’ am e G aa rg w tae d 838 41o3 

' v o lk s w a g e n 
P a rts t a r vie# C o n t i l I H I 

'»» V g lk tw a g iT n * a b P , l, c r u l$ t T T W 
V r m 
^ T d S a T T T T r t g n lf p l. f i r . t t l H l l l . A M P M , ^ p p g ti.e n g g m u * l l o74 m u t t . 
11*oo PIO 4114.................................... lu gga ge ra c k / l l I M I 
H ^ V g i k »w a g e n T ie # 
T ire f h . « . g 5 T v ,f f - f r 
'E i l ' g r 7 r.e a m g J T P 
* * * * ____________ Law m u*» fully agutg g e d W h ile. 
4 d r ra d in te r io r 
B e lo w B e ak t M ag h im is t le B edw ay 

I q u a r e b o e S l o d i o f i " g o o d c o n d 
$4oo #r b o il otter I U 44/1. H I IS M .__________ 
H v y | lig r P a c k c u>..i.i..,'.. 
R e caa tty O Yerr,outed I I N dr b a tt attar t i l t i l l 
T T W 
TTg U n W ag'en'" tft w m a tar I'/ M o t w a rra n ty tt e Mg* 

T i V w S totian w u go n. new ll,e t. 
;n«w a u la t i a n t m n t i e n . n e w b r a k t i ro d ra , a r r c a n d m a o 
*84 2)44 otter eptn 

/ I VW' {ripe r 6 a t k e R a E ig . a ir! 
1114/1 IQ 8I-4SI4 rn mn 

1*o2 S F L O N E S 
S J I 4421 

B A N K R E P O ' S 
/J C H E V Y M a n g o 4 d r 
| l/ * l 
14 G R E M L I N ll/ * ) 
14 M IN IO W A G O N 
Bt TPS 
C A L L B E N M A C IA S . *3) / l i t 

7?S MlSCHLAmOUS ADIOS 

'N ms W agon loa de d . 11o*1 
, 4* G A L A M IE 4oo,4-dr ........ 1*44 
4* I M P A L A M r 
--------- 
1o*1 
7 1 A M B A S S A D O R . 4 ttd 
14*1 t i C H R Y S L E R A d , loa de d le*$ el c he VIL l I, Mattddrd 
Oil! 
*1 F O R O W A G O N 
12*1 
SMITH'S U*ud Cars 
/OI S A L A M O 
224 *144 

H A R L A N O A L E B A N K m n t r n m m m 
III R A Y B U R N 
."'I. — 1— 
I.. 

• B A N K R E P O ' S * 
S e v e ra l le o in got# b o m 
A S S U M E P A Y M E N T S 
S M A L L D O W N P A Y M E N T S 
C A L L 
B I L L G R A Y 

P a r y o u r ir o n veer la b e n n e e d s new ar a te d io n H er w h e t F la g g 

731 UK 
__________ 

 te n d S IM 4*4 1*41 

.. .... W OE* 

7 1 MUSTANG Ro* I 

7 1 GRANADA f 

7 1 MONTI HMX) p m ■*■ ewew k d * . 

Z 
'^ J u 
S44BB 

7 i K H I emwwn. rn. 
Benet 
•.•■■■Kin, x iii irjr fa&m. 6Jl>8i 

IS GRAN PRU 

)A U n i U(1 U g . L L u n . T m m d ca n d y t a w e tee* 
--------- m i m 
V U ! 9 c 
P A 
D 
Q l T T ' i 
U S E D 
T F t m b g it n d * * U T 4 b a r r e l m i l . 4 * f l/ o ! i t # ca rb u re to r a u te 14) e ng ine , arr. 

MOI S F I O * 
S M M U 

CUNNI. SIOW O IS 
TF 

I l k i s m i i H t i t step NI w » 

V86W nG m FT*TTra 
■ I re v Hen t e l l t i* 14/4 M e r $ 

 c a rb u re te r, g a te 18) eng ine, arr. 
AM I U pawer. | door Ilia* J/*/ 
Chairer*U *H MOT 
___ 
TI RkTi kvi MT. Hpj|U. kadtaT 
V e ry goad cgnditran M i I H I , B y 

 ae day * 
"—I*nm it»wu.'t in t rn I TkT\ I o4omT7 «aftlac 
44. L d r . ( M B 41671o4 

M W WWW. 
MMI wkn 
74 MONTI CAIRO m e aer tee nee 
U n I I J M w C L 
I T M 

7 4 I-RI 
7 4 1 T B 

CwT. J p rrT mWm (4 1 GO 

7 4 AMMU IG O r a w a e w n . 

O M N S U N D A Y 
NORTH CINTKAL F M D 

 t G O O t w i P a a r g 
> 41 
S S / I I n t 
S O I 

73o743AUTOMOBILES 

 u r i i i i 4*td M e l 

/$ a m i S e e r t A b * u 
W a g o n 
Power gee. ggt* Woad grew em vt ttdP*. tug ra re 
L e * m an a ge 
S I H I 
M2 4144 #!**, ti enybm # w eakends 
WuirW'km. MT Uu^gti till* C M M . 11/oo SH T M I 
'rrm w om a *" r& zr; n a t l h a TTI* 
% a m a n i I cUSn Uoi ar. l i d 
I k w t g r 
I M M U u lo le lB t r d t t g i ( T H I M I O IH 

I* G E S M L IN x * tpewd. Bm i t * 
.n a.,,un w a r t ie * I la g e n * i j i r i f n w i wuin te n dtften 
_ 
. 
R A M d L R R S * 

, T T COUP! Deville 
/ / Blue Blue 

 l e i 11 DORADO 
/ O Ivory Ivory 

 i 7 , UDORADO 
/ O Convertible 
Whit# Whit# 

HOUGHAM 
/ O Whit* Blue 

 r e , CAIAIS Sedan 
/ O Gold bown 

 i j M (DUF! De VHI ( 
/ O Ivory Ivory 

COUn DeVIUI t o While White 

(OUFT DeVIUI 
/ O Beige Beige 

 l e e 11 DOR Attn 
/ J Mu* Blue 

, y c HOUGHAM 
• J Blue Blue 

, 7 C S(DAN DeVKU 
/ A Green Whit* 

 i 7 c MOAN DeVllU 
/ A Maroon White 

 i 7 r (AIAIS Coupe 
/ A Blue . 

• w e COUPt Devil Ii 
/ 9 Bronte While 

• T A (oUW °*v,Ul 
• 9 Green While 

, w w HOUGHAM 
/ A While While 

, w A COUFf De VI U t 
I M Willow Brown 

MATA 
CADILLAC 
317 LEXINGTON 
226-7221 
12,ooo HAJ 12 MO. 
CADILLAC VALUE 
PROTECTION PLAN 
SERVICE AGREEMENT 
ON MOST 77, 76, 
75, and 74 MODFIS 
CADILLACS 

‘ 11,7oo 

‘ 1o,85o 

‘ 13,95o 

‘995o 

‘815o 

*985o 

‘969o 

‘975o 

‘869o 

‘829o 

769o 

769o 

‘715o 

‘589o 

*629o 

‘449o 

‘219o 

QTM Ut M AK 88 

• w , MIB(URT Cougar e w w w A 
I O Hue While 
A / A l l 
.^VWMPURUG 
$269o 

7 4 S S S S 1 
‘445o 

74LH:.Vn r . (o,‘° ‘435o 

FOR RIATA’S 
SPECIAL 
OF THE DAY*— 
DIAL 
22 RIATA or 2 2 7 -4 2 8 2 

NEW and PRE-OWNED 
CAR SALES 
SHOWROOMS 
O p e n M o n .- T ri. ( A . M . 

T o 6 N M . 

S a t . • A M t o 4 P . M . 
SHOP INDOORS 

 tame 
PRi-SPttlNO 
USED CAR 
SPECIALS 
*74 HORNET 
, eel ew rn r.ewk. 
I Mw «■—ny. ■w«Am| ie 

.et eew* el e m r 
*199o 
74 GREMLIN 

* i9 8 s 
•73 PLYMOUTH 
SSc *ri£J 
’74 PONTIAC 
¥ barmen, 14mm. pmmm md on. 
•Alf! NBB M I M 
Ihmhfm A mb EN, «* # rn 
RRM A 
TN(te«pMR 
A i t ! J 
•74 OLDS 

•h. • InwhNM mA mmm •>**•*** 
TfcMkf BEm U m Bpt# 
*3144 
73 PONTIAC 

•ISAT 
• Hi Wkwtg 
• 
•Mi N y «• 
73 VW 
• EMI 
•1647 
66 MUSTANG 
* 4 I week 

Al KOMRAY AMO 
I I H MM MORO 
227-7911 

 r n w a 

 lent ..ondiben *1* i4 * l ■ 
T f lg g lT 7nTu7i;"Vr;; p o w e r, lo g d e d S i* * * M u t t s e ll thr* w e a k 1 C la rk L a n e /1* $4 *4 
T T 'A o r'i't' T e rro r v I d rio T I m X 3 w ith arr a n d p o w e r. a u lo m a H c . e it r p d e a n C o b G a s 223 4*4* 
1 1 I U 17 V I I f f Y I A T Y K ,' o il pow er e e b u (le a n 12*1o *31*174 

T T I gT T tT IT Ja l T w a i y 
T t pdlT arr, i./uuuee t a lk . 14418 MT 11*1 

•75 Buick LsSahfH* 
* d r , arr, pewee b ra k e * liv e r m e 
H o r ta. A M P M . 11.848 m l 14188 
481 248* fi tuitu ne HIW ier 
C A R T T O P m 
I M I m r E D T n n r m i . ' T i oT r 
L A N D A U , a ir . p o w e r. c o i t * . 
A M I M ste reo lap *, IMI. ch rp m e 
I wPpg«k, g k M I-4144 

7B Buick Regal landau 
B. o u tg m a n t. p te Y tr, arr, chegoe* h e e l! A M P M lr* , to rope 48 #8 kfdt, under terre it* < 
144 $418 
— 
'n i u t r i m i i r 
T a t* «ver pa ym en ts. *14 14)4 

 g ra y m elaU rt Furry reaOeU N ew re d ia l liv e r a v lle d i *11 STH 
T i B io* Ii iiv r e r g krHy * a u lg 6 * d 
1/188 fun prrc# thru ira d g I i i ' ' . ct n en 1 (A f 
UVU. ruble 
C pu 
G a s 

W l PT Ti r f T y ld rlb I M l . W 
. 
• m In. H e re * 1 a d m v in y l la p 
G oad ie n d .b g * #$/ U U 
)?"«w.k u,ia; r w r y ':"« h i 
%# is ! I * I# A M I iriw rrm T irn n ro im : 
I M M ___________ 
' I M - MB> 
1 I i v H 'y T o I lr" ne e d 1 b e ly mmtk 
614" kA4A 
B n J o w B H a n w a r w 

 g .lru n e d ow ner 
IM g i l l 
TrHTTTBai u n r x r r n r , 
■ H i 
P M 
. 
■ re d , fro * * * C e n lra t, im w h e a l f u ll p aw er d ie t c o m m p a p l f E M rn. 114*1 t i l 1441 i i T d m L I V r Y m g r U g p 
I m" 
( H S M U M ) 

 jiff. Hit 8*1 Met 

,na.r»«M «i» 7 * e i 

• i i t i n eTfen’ W a g e e gaud 111* t i* *4*4 
JI 
D e if e r » i g r t g n g i 
A e g e r 
C e * ,• ra t e g * ig p c d w it h e v e n d v a r ia h t g a p iin * 
V e r y fa r n.neuge M M I e l l *4t> 

 eve* 
I Ae 
F ir el 
WH UU V XVI * (M AW '" 
I ad ret TI ( N u b L e e e P re 8 dear. 
■ g a pgw er an d wee I I M ) OM ( I M I 
I ewr I urn M g * MMU Per 844 M i l 

P a g e 2 4 - C 
S o n A n t o n i o E X P R E S S ^ N E W S — 
S u n d a y F e b r u a r y 2 o 1 9 7 7 

73o-743: MITOMOBIUS 
73o 7 43 M1TIHHoBIUS 
" 
73o743 M TOM BBIUS 
>3o743. MToMBBILE8 
J 3 o 7 4 3 MIToMo8IUS 
73o743 
73o743 

WE RB CHOPPING 
NORTH CENTRAL FORD 
FOR WASHINGTON’S BIRTHDAY 
• THESE PRICES ARE GOOD SUNDAY AND MONDAY ONLY • 

11977 PINTO STATION W AGON! 

(roBtt Disc Brakes, Rock and Pinion Steering, 
Mini Console, 
Flipper Quarter 
Windows, Fold 
Down Rear Seat. 
#6628 
* 3 2 5 7 
1977 MUSTANG 2 DOOR 

, r - . F 
O v 
H ? R D T ? 
' \ 
1 f \ -— 
Automatic, Tinted 
Glass, Power 
Brokes, White 
Side Wall Tires, 
Exterior Accent 
#6128 w 
6nM|P' 

 i#mi8 ‘418o* 
‘ 4o97* i 
1977 Muff AMG 2 DOOR 
HARDTOP 
23oo CC engine, 4 speed, factory air, tinted glass, power brakes, white sidewall radial tires, luggage rack, appearance decor group, exterior occent group. 
#67o1 
' ‘ 4o17* 
Dote Jfie/tmafth 
IIH Cf UTI 

1977 GRANADA 4 DOOR 

6 cylinder transmission, auto­ matic, wheel covers, factory air, tinted gloss, power steering, power brakes, white sidewall tires. 

*4521 
#6339 

1977 LTD LANDAU 2 DOOR 

Automatic, air, wheel covers, tinted alass, power steering, power brakes, white side­ wall tires, vinyl top, tilt^ wheel, cruise control, fender skirts, metallic^ glow paint. 

977 Gr a n a d a ; 
2 DOOR 
SEDAN 
#6747, #6748 
#6753 cylinder transmission, automatic, wheel j covers, factory air, tinted glass, power | steering, power brokes, white sidewall tires. 
LIMITED EDITION 

*595o* 
#6553 
1977 THUNDERBIRD 

• #6799 
• #6733 
• #68o3 
* 5 8 4 o * 
• TRUCKS • TRUCKS • TRUCKS • 
I 

ASK ABOUT OUR 
EXTENDED W A R R A N TY 
O N NEW A N D USED VEHICLES 
OPEN SUNDAY 
NOON-. 7 P.M . 

98oo SAN PEDRO 
341-5571 
‘EXCLUDES Freight, Dealer Prep, and Tan, Title and License. 

P R E S ID E N T ’ S 
B IR T H D A Y S A L E 
IT’S OUR N A T IO N ’S PRESIDENT BIRTHDAY. 
ALSO TINDALL’S W ILD PRESIDENT BIRTHDAY! 
In 
C e le b rHENRY TINDALL 
Goes W ild Lowering Pricesl 

76 
LOW MILEAGE—LATE MODELS 
GML Sierra (lank. radio, Hooter, power 
'terrine, power broket, factory mr, driven mdy ifOOO mdet 
JUST 
CUTLASS ? dooi boottop, fatty loaded, driven ‘4588 
‘3988 
‘4788 

 only 23X1oo miler, lint 
*74 MONTI Carlo, fatly loaded with AM IM stereo, 
/ o driven only 16.ooo rmiev like new JUST lye GIAMO Pm, faHy loaded with AM fM stereo . . - o 
/ O tilt wheel, driven only 16.ooo miler (UST 
4oO<J 
RI GAI london, 2 door hardtop, fuity loaded 
''5188 
*76with AM FM vieteo. crime lontrol, tilt wheel... driven poly 8X1oo miler HJS! chort wide, fully i eye GMC High Siena, 'T> ton, shot, wio*. luny. * • on 
/ O leaded, driven only 8.ooo mder JUS! 
4oOO eye CNI VRoUI Custom Deluie VS ten Pickup. 
/ O driven only 21,ooo mibs .. JUST 
‘3688 

AM/BM stereo cruire control, t-yonn lust 
7388 
I ten Von. fully loaded. 

• yy GMC lolly STX ton. I ton, IS parrengei lur 
/1 fully (coded, AM/BM stereo c dual ah. drtvea only 3,ooo miler eye BOID ttowoiwe I ton Von, luny laoora. ta met a 
/ O driven only 16X1oo miler _ JUS! 
4788 lee BOMI Conner Pickup, rodto. heater, a it. dnven . . . nn 
/ J only 2o,ooo miler JUST 
2688 rye; IIAMS AM. fully loaded, lust like new, dfven . . . . n 
/3 only 28X1oo nxUr JUST 
4688 

12/12 

12 MONTHS OR 12 OOO MILES 
MECHANICAL INSURANCE COVERAGE 
AVAILABLE ' 

’ TA MMQUIS Brougham, J door hardtop, fully boded 
/ 4 with AM. BM tlereo, crime ronfrol, power windowr. power teats, like new JUST..................... rya MOM!! Carlo, fully boded. excellent condition 
74 JUSI............................................. 
‘3388 
‘3288 
74 

CATALINA 4 door, fatty boded with AM IM rteren, 
UMM control, thowroom condition ... JUSI 
CUTLASS Supreme Virfa Comer Station Wagon, fatty boded, with AM BM rtetee, ntt wheel, nun* control, dnven only 28,ooo mder JUST teMANS Sport Coup*, fully boded, bkt new 
JUST....................................... 
GB AMADA 4 door, fully boded with AM Penotomc . . . . . radio, driven only 33,ooo mder . JUSI 
3588 
BIICIIRD Formula 3SQ. fatty boded with tape pbyei. white on white, 4 speed rhowroom condition 
JUST................................... 
GIANO Pm, fatty boded, like new 
JUST................. 
GIAMDVtUi Brougham. 4 door hardtop, tully boded. hum control, tilt wheel, power window! 

‘3488 

‘4188 
‘3588 

‘4188 
‘4288 

PUMOUTH Roadrunner, radio, heater, automatic, power riveting, power braker, driven only 38,o(1o miler JUST..................................... lye CUTLASS Supreme, J door hardtop, fully boded, 
/ 4 rhowroom condition JUSI...................... 
• yet GRAN Villi 7 door hardtop, fully boded, driven 
/ A only $9,ooo mder................................ rye MA VB RICK Grabber Sport coupe, fatty loaded, driven 
7 4 only 24ooo miler, |ur!................... ....... 
’T i 
Gelt a Royale, 4 dent, fully boded, rhowroom 
I rendition just................................... eye) leMAttS Solon wagon, I idly loaded, like new, 
IL turf................. ............................ 
(MfVV (urtom ’■i ton pick up with romper rhell, low imteoge, (trot.................... ............... 

- A fo\4A % yte aA m a, S fn c . 

RENTAL CARS and TRUCKS 

OPEN SUNDAY 

N O O N -7 PeM. 

 a bully equipped, 
I V / / • automatic.AU,WWW 
STIEBING, WWW IRAKIS 

. 
. 
FUUY I OU Iff bd. 
I V / f e * automatic am, WWW 
• SnWINO, WWW MAKIS 

• FORD CARGO VAN 

• CLUB W AGON, 9-PASSENGER 

• GRANADAS 

• NARK V 

ISOM ROAD and RAMSEY 

• THUNDERB1RDS 
• LTD’S 
• MAVERICKS 
• PINTO W AGON 
• MUSTANG 
341-7843 

733 
CADILLAC 

73 ryy OIOSMOIIIE Delta 
/el AM IM rleteo tape, fair it a cbrtM JUSly bi 

VI CEDOR ADO 46,ooo mi now tire*, eihaurt rvrtem 77 taq. eecellent *13oo 6354176 
'4 Kl DOR Abo. 11,6oo mil It. j loaded r*6oo See at IOU Jackroll 
Keller, MA367! 
TrrnsOTAoa-------- 
WIW red tor 511*3. 34*7*/* 
I 46k(I OFFfg on eauity' 7) 
! Cadillac Sedan Deville. Owe 
577oo Or trade 4567834 
Vnc’bAki Bl VITL if Like new 
114,ooo mr Owner going overrear 
Mutt Sell) MI 7*4o atter 5 IO am 
—'n' 'iibAhi dc Vi LL Ie lim ' 
Clean Leather reatr. Tape, cruire Many other eitrar. Brute. 
<7o-6*5* 
"SWM MAfe MOT MW M ilt 
7 Cod Devine, new radio, excel 
IHM. 4*4-51o4 
73 ItMANS Sofon Steflon Wogon. fully boded, like new 
JUST.......................................... 
734 CHEVROLET 

*73 
I*®*** 
4 4oor Ko"1'°P fully boded 
74 MONTE 

JUST.. 

73 rhowroom londfaon JUST with AM. IM rterto. 

 reatr, power dent tackr JUST eye VlilKSWAGtN Rabbit, ?duo 
/ O dr Harrod. AM IM. like new . lodio. heater, on con 
JUST p#™ ‘4388 
‘2988 eye MONTI Codo, fatty boded, driven only ? I,OOO miler 
/Q - JOSI........... tyy UiULNMf Super N ton Pickup, fatly leaded 
/J .JUST............ 
7 4 K T Custom H ton Pickup, fully boded with 

 lea GRANDVILLE 4 door hoidiup, fatty boded with 
/ J *M BM rleteo tope, power window!, power MOH, hit. crone 
J U S I .............................................................................. i y n BOUW VUU 4 dear hardtop, fatty boded, like new 
/3 
JUST.......................................... 
‘4688 
‘2788 

CAT Al IHA. 4 < 
JUST . . . . fatty boded, eicettent condition 

MBI.... 
’ 7A ,o*® ** **n Super Cob, radio. 
14 steering, power wtudowr. Battery ok heater, 
JUST 

‘ 2188 po*" ‘3288 

I y rn ll M*N‘, Sofon Station V 
/ 4 vhoenoom condition JUSI fully 

 to r BOBO Carrom I ton Dump Truck, power sleeting 
IJ power braker, 4 speed, ready to work JUST 
(y r GMC High Berra Bk tea Pickup, Jutty boded, bw 
/ J mileage. Ike mw „ JUST .. 
... 
• y r TMO Curfew Super Cob V? toe. cadi 
I J outomotK. power cloning, power broket i, healer, 
JUS! 

‘3688 
‘4188 
‘3788 

72 

71 

URI IMO. I atty boded, driven only J VOOG miler, bw mileage JUST.................................. 
CADILLAC 4 door hanjtop. with AM BM dows. power reatr power door letkt power 
JUS! .. 

‘2588 
‘2788 

‘2688 
*2188 
*1988 
*1988 
‘2688 
‘1488 

Arrame payment!. 
[ CARLO, *76-3424 
| *♦ CAMARO Convertise 4 cylinder, automatic, orang*. 
1 white, good condition. Call 
I 4311 *<6 otter 5 IO gen. 
T I (TXM a R o f loaded a Dove average, ritver, black top 
I IJJ leis, ll/ 7224 riTO onnr tT : automatic, air, pawer stearin*. ie.OOO miler, me tattle blue. white vinyl root Bob 
I Puente 222 OOH 
I 'TS Commo Lf.'gauge package pawer, air. dual*, exelient cond 
I odultl>wn,f *71 7o7o 6*o 3o2* 
H Comoro, Ll I oadod* lo* 
I mile* 541*5 full price, *1% tin 
, ancing available Call Charlie 
Levine 772-o*o4 f f l l d 6 4 6 I S L f pow er. 
I 124 *565. 495-oo54 ciTr ii irf 

• U CATALINA Stollen Hogan. Butty boded, ongmol . nan 
OO 7Jooo mder, tacet on* awner JUST .............. 
9 ii O ic y CATALINA, 4 door. Jutty boded, bro! one owner 
o / JUST.......................................... 
788 

TINDALL AND SON PONTIAC— GMC 
39oo SAN PEDRO 
★ O P E N E V E N I N G S i t 
7 3 6 -1 5 6 5 

•71 RIVIERA Cran sport loaded toke over payment*, no cavity 
Lr me 611 MVI 
^ -g- roroTilQ-M WTdco. u/T both looped, tow mileage neat lent. ph.uie ow nor. tau png. 1*oo6 totter, brand hew MUcheUn 
1IH-oR4o___ tire*, immaculate loaarttoat tome 
TF'ftvtor'k 6i "LookI goad need! accent etrige eh till 

733 CADILLAC 
9fTu3rro,' f 
I. 
— c actual miler, light blue. white via vt tog, toe to aparectat* A to mg 
445oo •ti 7674 
T r e i B I L U l ( d u n beViiie 

 rum* wurX 6o*o 224 
'I pee to I fait weekend only 11 *64 
71 C ap ri. 4 dour, BtocN, ptr. puwar, excel. **i toe* l l Yir a M wflTpefldcl conj lectory mulching hardtop o*er d riv e . im I n rle re e 
4 reprice»burg u t o*7 i n t u n i i w t r clean! ru er toed 
*4*r MOTO!!! 

 un yi oui top 
24 11*4 atter 4 

T o w 

733 
CADILLAC rra w rn rn ro r 
Alt extra* Ctoani Rune gooa RUO 

Bide one white Clk loaded! CON 
14 
TT7«WI*e (’cup. bailie m ile*, pit e x tra * U M 
M 
TTTrtllL6d c'oup#T577TTT* lauded Red white leqiHdr, marl toll 1*1 54.ooo UM 1o4 
O R I T A t { 6 u / | ilks — 
B fc A U T lP U L B L A C K *71 O K ) 
72 a m e CM OeVtiie 
LOAOCO. 17 oo6 miler il/v 
XfjWroth AOB** lOBMto. 

T m C M U LAC 
733 
CADtUAC 

I * / CADILLAC, Cdr air, power, run*, rooks good 3)oo M i ISO* 
I 7 ) Coup* Deville 44*6o mi I Will 
Toko T ro d *! 5 )o 7 ) l i t ) Rad 
Hawk, *841464 
71 Cadi I toe El oar od* Cruise cee lr el. am fan stere*, tope deck. IMI wheel, vinyl lap. velour wterror, pit pawer, now hr**. Im mo. u 1o1 • must sent 34*3o 414-oo31 
' 'Ti "{axillae lU e r e J * feneTTT 
Oar* brawn and tan. Ion inslO*. to My louder) taw mi 4541)16 Ext 
161 Can be seen at Howard John­ son en IH I* 

'7 I 7 6 U H B I V H I Y r t H T m T 
3*634 ar best ofter 
424o44) 
I *H Ceug* Deville 4 A M ml., Will 
T ab * Trader 31*73 
S ilt Rod 
Hawk; 42414o4 
YI Caup* D eville Leaded Bx cedent Hew h r** U7*o 31) 14o4 
I H W CO UP* b f V IL L I fe m p U teiy cameoed Lib* new rn t n t 
•™ l Cadillac a IO modo ell luxury option* a toed <lean c a n t s i*** full price teds financing avoue bt* Coli Ran ta suds i l l OOM 

..r n m w b y v n T i— 
* oo4 mr 3*44o *55-o213 
" T ill K lb 6 H 6 b B tU U 
Can M i i t ) ) ii £ 6o 111 AC £ scott**! tend! 
Iran bede and in te rio r, new transmission, b ra n * new tires* 
He#** arrame SS** e/v/uj to need 
*22 1**1 o ffe 7 * *p M 
HT 1*44 
Vy c A h 1 11 A r 
# i**f'w e e d 
Rreugham tau* od 
Lib* new i 637 61o* 

T f T T B B I 6t$6*"leieJ*d 
YeS* ever payments no eauity. call tim e . M i M I 1 
7t C A d il I 6C Immucutolef 
Lew m d** 57**o *57 4 |l | 
*o K L b o R 6 o o toeded Tail* ag eayments ne eauity com Rrme 
M I M7t l l .'O ' 6TC T6 f ! * 4 * n Be V ille. goad 
»*n sb *'tah *n m o * 
111**** 
7 5 B JJU K A U U 
Leaded with fu s ile * 
37*5* jill #ilJi 
*11 B a d i L l AC- seme re p a ir 
.weded SJO* 44 P M 127 421o 

1 1 eats* step m w * 
C Ail I I I J AAA 

7o C o m o ro W ic e ' S fo n d 
I mag*, tidgglpe*. cuttom paint ) 
Beet otter ll* 1**4 
Ti romero tally Soar*. SRB Oh- pine. »raced tow mileage. 
I 424 M U 
TiTJrcafcftf 6 c it VI. kU LLV 
EQUIRRBO MI-1413 
'1j CAMARO type LY, like "new" 

'73 to m e ro VI. rto»<J . power, new bret 12,ooo mi Well below 
Bagh) IM H ie* loa« 
'71 t d e iH . I owner well moi ii 
I *«•".d limned 31e<r »*»>o«, 

I *» Cheven* / door hardtop. V I, 
> Automatic f 22-MM 
I 4l fM /\ltlITTdr eiean. lood 
I od *>»3 71o 2o54 
I p7 i Che.erie M.iTifag ttdhdord. otf i heotor, radio. exceHonl condition 
311 51o2 
•o T T T to S a S T C S lW engine an to matte, taal clean *15o After 4 weekday* 4*o-oo71 gTn fy m r1m n . #ub. pawn nearing, rodto, super Ltoon SOM 
711 2421 a g B f V I CLT Wooen. pkcaBddl 
Ironrporlotion stunourd. icon em * engine *5**, MO2624 
Tin giT.vr.r, i ' i ^ r ; V I. ou tornadic 5351 *27 M M 
J T 'c U lv 'b f tL r r ip a d Iran spar nova r 

PRICE 
CUTS AT.. 
& 
BUICK 

• t a B ill/'* / 
? 
Bto*dfop, outomotK. an. power. 
/ 4 bUIUL deubb-checked MA4742A War U 49S .......... •31*5 

•21*5 
75 MAVERICK 
> m j 

H fO»D 
“ •3295 

■ WA 
Tinto wagon, ebon and ongmol. thew* bos! of 
74 FORO ewe Bat S269S.............................................. 
4-dr. automatic, ok, power, decor t package, thorp 

74 THUNDERBIRD tSZJ.‘52*5 

75 s x a n s j - — 
*1**5 
73 BUICK S B ia S S r w 
*2**5 

75 DODGE ^ t " i !r " “ .“ . . r : . ‘.""*26*$ 
•71 B llir IT tthmro, outomotK. ok, power, lunk t toros! 
/ j l itilb 
*3695 
• yjL ruKUV Sdveredo Fekup automatic, power rteenng . _ fO L.nt¥ I very low mileage Leakr toe new 
‘4995 impala. 4 door, outomotK, 
73 CHEVY top. extra MCO Bos 1239V . or. vinyl ‘ 1995 

. . . . . . . futfasr Supreme Loupe, one owner, Thoroughly. 
75 OLDS checked Bot V449S..........................................‘4295 
SPIRES-DOUGLAS BUICK ' 

7 3 8 7 4 3 
AUTOMOBILES 

HIGH CLASS 
USED CARS 

* 7 8 B U I C K 

 low mttage, a very nice cor... 

' 7 5 D O D G E 
COKONIT CUSTOM 
SSfe*...?3S9S 

’ 7 4 C A D I L L A C 
■IM UDO 
38,226 mbs, 
# ^ 
_ like new 
* o 2 5 o 

* 7 3 C H R Y S L E R 
TOWN A COUNTRY 
Wagon, high mileage, must see cor - looks 
. like new 
2 7 5 o 

’ 7 3 M A Z D A 
K X 3 o o o 
Station Wanon, far, radio, outomotk, 18,6oo miles, o very nice cor. 
I DG S 

* 5 4 P L Y M O U T H 
M B A H 
One owner, 49JOO 
_ miles, must tee.. . 5 o 
BROUGHTON 
MOTORS 
213o AUSTIN HWY. 
6 5 5 -o 2 4 1 

TAKE OVER 
PAYMENTS 
ANO ASSUME 
BALANCE 
Mast Nave Power 8 Air. 
Partial List 

73 MONTI CAeULtS* 
76 THUNDItMKD, $6392 
76 FORD Van.... 13162 
71 NOVA 
$1171 
7oMUSTANG ... $ 994 
74 PINTO 
Runabout 
$1167 
76 RANG!* XU- S49BI 
63 VW...........$ 492 
74 TNUNOatBtRD $4677 
72FORDVot.... $1987 
76 GMC Mdrop .. $3991 
CALL 
JERRY MUMA 
2 2 2 -1 6 8 5 
2 2 2 -8 6 1 1 
1o25 SAN PEDRO 

46.Doo mBm ___*1 188 
•JI MUSMNG Mech I. wWmtv. n ZZZZ? ‘2o88 
• ye UKK Glee Egerl, 7-Um. tor* 
/ I lee. -newen i. rn pant 
--rhetoaw r2o88 
146 OIP5 745. ike, tem 
* 299 iya amiss leymm, mom vie. 
1 ^ - ^ 7 7 8 8 
■ ye MOMttGO tke. wtwm. 
2 to to, yew* akene*, yew*. 
2 r ,5J“ 
‘2988 lye OB4K4D* Ike. wrkwtoi. 
I I I 
■ 

" K i r s * ' 
HW k in 
. 

I n 'J Z .rj? i 7o i 

Dint* ye** 

*3788 
*4688 
.* 888 
BV 

NORTH ONTtAL FORO 
L ebOO Sew Pedro 
_ i rnrniSiiSm^V 

734 CHEVROLET 

1*71 M A L IB U Classic, 4 door, boded Clean *34*5 U 6-4722 or 
M t-M M 

•74 M a lib u C lass ic. O rig in a l ow ner, m ust sell 
Blue, worth 
SS.OOO Socrtttce 53*93 B76 7Mo i i Malibu Clastic 2-door Fully equipped Only 14.ooo miles S44BB full price l*9*y financing availa­ ble Call Cbarire Levtne 222-o*46 
T2"»aLibu i 6 ud>* SI25o— 
Automatic, power, air Runs tip top1 *28-6*5* 
71 M A L IB U B lis s < !6 U P t 
Sacrihce Air, auto S2B-495* r V M iL ld u . f dr , Uke new. must I sell. Will help finance. Call M r 
C a n a 413-1468 
47 M A LIB U 4 (fo n d an t, i dr", new paint, ane owner Cleanest m 
I Town! SS5o. 714-1o54 
— M gffY e £A r L6 71 Landau 
New alternator, battery, brakes 
454-SII* 
| 
•7* 
M onte 
Z a rlo . assum e payments, bol 5*45* IS 712-3*11 
Monte Carlo, feoded .tirv to, 
David 671-4321 611-11**___________; 

I M Csrla landeau 75 
Loaded, perfect rend . I owner 
New tires, w ire wheel cavers 
*42*5 IM 55*2; tM MOI 
! 
72 Monlr Curio fT tr'i clean, tolly 

MECHANICAL INSURANCE 
COVERAGE 

The P e a ty t h a t t a t * T om $ lg « A w e ? m e a t O f i 
O f M a |a r M echonroof fo r 1 4 
Month* O r 14.ooo M ile r , W h ith e v a r C o m a * 

Fir**! 
- 
I 
* M O T O R 'S IN S U N A N C i C O N IZ A T IO N * 

IT A ^ y a n t |y y y y 
Slinuroy, 
White, net) 
/ 4 C U K V t l i t leather interior, I top, 4 
SJL G O C speed, I-11 engine, AM/FM stereo 
.................... 
O O T J 
, —, nc*skiT i A C 
Trans AM Firebird, white, white 
/ O P U N 11 A C bucket seats, automatic, air, power steering, power braker, power windows, 
S C Q Q C 
AM/FM stereo, honrvtamli mags ........................... 
J O Y J r /%o r t 
^>P*r Cob Hunger ELT Pickup, blue. 
I O r U K U white trim, automatic, air, power steering, power broker, 39o CID V-8, dual tank!, 
AM radio, white, camper shell................................... 
'75 OLDSMOBILE C 
SSt. IZ matte, far, power steering, power brokes, power windows and locks, 6 way power seats, tilt wheel, cruise control, AM/ FM stereo ................................... 
'75 OLDSMOBILE completely boded, including AM/FM stereo, oil power 
........................................................... 
, y . 
. . . . . . . . 
Supreme, white, burgundy ton 
I O C U I L A j J dou roof, bucket seats, auto­ matic, air, power steering, power broker, AM 

, y . n / i k i T | Ad* 
Trant *** 
1 o P U N N A C bucket seats, outomotic, power steering, power brokes, AM/BM stereo 8-track, tilt wheel 
................................................................... l y e /•■ i n ACC tan. brown vinyl top, 
I J C U H A J J outomatic, far, bucket seats, power steering, power brakes, tilt wheel, AM/FM stereo 8 hark 
.................................................... 

1 7 c C U T I ACC gteen. 9rt cn vinyl 
/ 5 C U I L A J J top, automotir, air, power steering, power brokes, AM....................................... l y e . • n n l 
Green, beige interior, V 6, outomotic, 
/t o C A P K I 
AM rodm .......................................... r y e D I 11 C M 
Spacial, bronze, white top, 
I J D U iC R outomotic, air, power steering, power brakes, AM/FM stereo ................................... 
’ 7 9 M u m m 
Continental Coupe, brown, ton 
/ 2 L IN C U L N vinyl top, automatic, air, lea­ ther seats, power windows, power locks, tilt wheel, stereo ..................................................................... 

1 yrs D r * A IT ! AX' 
• «AAon* 
Convertible, black, 
/ U P U N 11 A C beige interior, 35o V-8, 3 -speed standard transmission, power steering, power brokes, AM/FM ...................................................... i i a C U T I AC C f'doar, beige, gold interior, 
O Y C U I ! A x J outomotic, oir, power steering, power brakes, AM .................................................... i v * U C I T A f i f l 
4 door, brown, beige interior, 
/ J U L I I A O O automatic, on, power steer­ ing, power braker, AM 
........................................... 
* i y i I T I ) 
Vfagon, yellow, brown interior, 
1 1 L I U outomotk. ok, power steering, Dower 
< • brokes, AM/BM stereo, roof rack . 
I 4 7 J 
7 o DATSUN 51o JST USS. "J: speed, 4 cylinder, ak, 39,ooo miles, AM .................. 
• y a s i r / * a i v 
^ ver> vlror bnyl top, 
/ 4 V I G A L a outomotic on, am 
’ 7 9 T A V A T A 
Corolb Wogon, yelbw, brown in- 
I L l U l V l A tenor, outomatic, 4-cylinder, oir, 
AM 
......................................................................... 

‘ 5495 

‘4995 

‘4995 

‘4995 

‘4695 

‘ 4295 

‘ 3995 
‘ 2695 

‘ 2595 

‘ 1595 

‘ 1495 

‘ 1295 

‘ 1295 

‘ 1295 
*1295 

White, blue interior, 3-speed, air, power steering, AM 
Rim 
’73 GREMLIN 

1 7 A C U C U D A I CT 
^ln9**ood lifatt Storion 
I U v r lC V K U L E I 
Wogon, ton, ton interior, outomotic. oir, power steering, power brakes, roof rock, AM .................................................................. 
71 GALAXIE 5oo interior, automatic, far. power rteenng, power brokes, AM 
................... 
'79 rUCUDAICT ,o,w™'1' 9,Mn- 9***" 
I t v e il, V K U l l l interior, automata, air, 

‘ 1195 
‘1195 

‘ 995 

995 to*** ¥ uwAfc* inieriof, QUTomoTic, oir, 
^ DOC power steering, power brokes, AM ............................. 
“ Y I# 
7o MAVERICK 
’7o BUICK 
895 

895 

895 

895 
895 

695 

Red, red interior, 6 cylinder, 
3 speed, AM radio 
.............. 
Skylark, ted. white vinyl top. automata, oir, power steering, power brakes, AM ............................................. 
’TA AA AI IDI I (9oP*' 9r**n- 9f**n ""T1 *«P. 
/ w m A L ID U burlet soots, consol* automata. power steering, power brokes, AM, on .................... 
•7oOLDSMOBILE J U S T IS S seats, consol* outomotic. far, power steering, power brakes, AM ..................................................... 
• y r ) w r y * A fafafatock. orange, beige interior, 4- 
I L V t I# A cylinder, automata, AM ...................... t X A CUTI ACC 
4 <*oof- flteen. green interior, 
O o V U I L A J J automata, otr, power steering, power brokes. AJA, dean........................................... 

* A 9 C U C U D A l C T 
,mFpto (#UP*. U“*. 
Os# V n C V K U L C I top, automata, on, power 
Rtetm^ power brokes, AM....................................... 
SERVICE, WHAT 
IT'S ALL ABOUT 
QUALITY USED CARS 
LEASING & 
RECREATIONAL 
VEHICLES 

7 5 o N .I. LOOP 4 1 o AT BROADW AY 

 loaded. J< ooonu 
714- /SOS 7)4-o544 
52ooo firm 

 lh MONTE CARLO LANDAU 
Black over block Loaded. 1o,ooo m ibs S4**5 coll 688-17o6 aftor I 
Monte Carlo 74 Leaded 1)2oo or 
Bott Qtfor 451-724o j 
Ti Mont# Carta Londau White on mock, must sent Anytime S a l, 
Sun ofter 5 weekdays. 117-43*1 l$7o Mon Ie Carlo Original owner 
Loaded SI2S8 6SS-28H 
‘Fi MONTE C 
"5121*1------- 
CALL 141 1*13 
M o n t* 
72 
M o n t* 
C a rlo 
Loaded 
142-4214; K * »47» otter 6. 
; 
U onie Carlo i t New vo ile work, tune-up PM stereo tap#. V in yl! root. S I*** 342 o**4 
‘$4 MontV Carlo oil power, oir. tilt w heel, am FM s tereo ra d io , 
S24-*543, 4*3 oo54 m udun diwtb iocruu.t, 
Charlie 
Levine 

HARVEY HARPER 
MOTORS, INC. 

4 3 1 o SAN PEDRO 7 3 6 -1 8 1 8 

(7 ) MUSTANGS 
MUSTANGS 

'6 5 , ’66s, '67 & '68 
SOME ARE STANDARD • SOME AUTOMATIC 
• SOME ONE OWNER 

VANS VANS VANS 

71 TORO 
$ 1 1 9 5 

'72 CHEVROLET, air (MiitMMi $ 1 5 9 5 

CHRYSLER 
DEMONSTRATOR SALE 
'77 mw TOUW 44a. Mal I M M . t to*,Im, 
* 7 7 **‘*1 Yo**U 4 deer Down metoNN— Beige >atour intoner l l leoBod 
• y y MIW TOtS LR 2-dear Iteuahem St. le fts — TeMew-aeM l l reef-aatdLeather 
SUN ROOF 
I -J J 
Red meteBn—re! leather buckets All pawer 

77 CORDOBA Groan with nraea vetoer wiener. AN power eapt ll D O N ’T MISS THIS! BARGAINS!! 
A U CA IR Y H IW CAR W AR R AN TY 
BOERNE MOTORS, INC. BOERNE, TEXAS 
T O U FMC N O . 2 2 6 -5 5 1 3 

521*3 
Cell 
222 o*84 
'l f NOVA, 4doer, fully equipped 
515*3 
1212 S W M IL 11 ARY *2 ) 176o 
I T - »J5vA t d oer. take up payments, ne eauity, coll Erma 1 
SSI 187t 
•H NOVA Uefihbock power, att, bucket seats, ra ile y e wheals. 
<24-»543. 4*3 <o54 
Id fi Neva Ikatc hbq. V oulomqt” y .;-.f y * * r stoat m f, real sharp) 
S t*** full price IOO*, tinoncine ovaitabto 
Cell 
Jim 
Bevors 
72iro*«4 
TTF! Have i i Neichkeck, V * auto. power. air. AM FM. bucket soots, tilt ste e rin p , apod aas mtteage 31. US 142* 2*2* 
‘VI Neva SS. low mitooee. must sell Call atter sam *o4-1421 
I* W6Va, 4 standard i i IU 
IIH 3 ta Military 
*1317*o 
’ 74 NO VA Toke over payments 

74 CHEVROLET sport van beau vim 
3 M otor, eat em aln. V-8, DUAL wk. leaded!) 

US! MIW OVER. $1o,ooo MINT 
CONDITION SAU 
$4 99 5 

Coll *24 3*24 
Air. stereo, tow bS S T 
SH 
341 32*1, 

"Rev 

 ssts. intro* car 
222 Wit 
T I '/lit v r e l e l taupe V-4 m iieape 

IV# B r earn oil 

 m ealo Custom sawer - toe tory oil, tow 
_ 
I xce p tien elly clean 
317*5 writ trode *25 ISS) 
TC I tig V I'd T f T I wi'pe Ie new pa hi 1 lire t 1 Owner 37oU SSS ase* 
'lh £h'*vretot Maitou duad lr s r spar totierr 3*o8 *27 V IT 
JIA! Che'vrelet $ t*fi*n w e e » n ’ l cyt SOBS * 3 1 o )1), m 1441 
T i dhavy iisau o M . litvef. needs miner work 3171 i t f t t l t n 
- g a t v v 
/ p y 
, "I s f . i . w a s te . • p e s ie n e e r. p e a e r steer ne broket auto WM, usee firm, 14* 1*74 
— i r r w r p Y / A p i i n % m m' 
4oea« ON auf* clean 4)3 1441 dlean f# J bsedf Cars l l 
BUU41BT BBNT A CAR M f 444J 
IJS N R L*of 416 Of Airport Blvd 

»* ii Chaw Caprice dassie ) dear. 
Has a ll Bow er. in clu O in p lilt wheel, cruise centre!, 434- V-4 : 
• nam e Lew m iles 344SS fUn price tSBS financing available. 
Ceti Leenord Penn en. 222-o*84 
•Ai Chevy I-fr exceitoai centi hen. new fires *4o4 MI-1*47. 
♦T g J i W f O r U w n w 
IP) 
*44-1918 l l C t^lrW . oped run nine con dr 
Iron 31*5 7)5-142*. 6 4pm 
W TliTV'7 Tm?»la " T dr bord tap use* *17 M ss 
‘I i FUL V v le ^ tia WMB ibVL dip 
N R , IM-1 t il . l l CMC v V Ito p u la assum e payments H i SSI* 
T T T h ^ T K B S T T fc T ^ r C w d S l top, AM FM tope 84*4 mi , BK 
TR AS SSI *433 Ofter t 
“— tr it o n x s nu s tm — 
«goer hardtop Air auto *1 1 1441 
4Y8TI’Jt4wif* V*H3 
^*upff-1 
Heir tibets air. inch Man. S im , 
MS 111# f r r e i V V WaaaaTT saal*: boW 
I WB fa 

734 
CHEVROLET 

I T V 
Excellent cond 
I *24-1131. i i Veaa E xcellenf cond radials 5454 SI) 14o* 
----------177186 GT---------- call 42* 4111 
V l& A 6 T . 4 spe«d, a ir canel honed, clean, a plus, won't last ton* 31 m CPU 113-7*o* v i ei T i r Ko lek 6a ck A ir, ou". I ram alic, low mi IO iv awner. M utt sell 314*5 

FIREBIRDS 

•715,72s, 76 FROM $ 1 9 9 5 up 

STATION WAGONS 

’7 o ,7 2 ,7 3 ,7 4 FROM $ 8 9 5 up 

1973 MARK III CONTINENTAL 

LOADED. MINT CONDITION 
SPECIAL 
$ 5 2 9 5 

1 BB- O na lls 42*4 

*7 IMPALA I door hardtop. VS, I standard 4*.SOS est 34*1. tU-174o 
1212 3 WE M ILITA B Y DW 

IU 
Q R Y S I E I 
IKJ 

71 CNR V I 1 7 fe u t WPrtST.... 
J36-HOOGE 
TTTOsnr 

 i * Im p o la T T a lr h ard lap all v o l k RB* 
OMstBt nip RYA. DAAR an# aa** 

SOLDI M o i m j g , 

C utlom Owner needs 
J 
? 
/* * mbke reasonable offer Lew miles tend 3 11*1 455 U S ) 

SU THS rr:r ol; 
*'m m Y a n d oMCpfcluA*** 
■*s I m ea la O-Br hardtop, new 
RIS Ne M an . Roams 24* ISS* tires. I awner *646 *546541 
DIRECT LIN S 
224-3315 
71 IMPALA axreUatil 
)•» Oar reft Soto* Manaaer 
^ M m e re u to bS H L T O J S 
HiTT H lV II 'f I l f r f ----- 
313*3 *44-45*2 
44AII11, 
4*4-1471 
H lUPILI 
-----------------BMW 

 caup* ifaarper ** 4-iaa , 446 mdpisum, 
I Keystone m ats Red with Mack vinyl E xCRjto ft I v w d ilie e . Plrst 
■. a 
S w im , . v r iy i [‘. u r i— r dean sets 3*4372* 
I J * O o rf Sport 
4, a u la 
T r r m r T m n r Town and 

I h a y * I dr 
•a a a * Musi tad ane today 
Woody 41) 1444 
V n t t W l i iu .e r $ , 

 a n i Y I C h ry sle r Cor dubu TTT" ap- 
Call rom otic, power, factory alr. tape deck cruise central 44-44 leather inter ror. one aw ner ve ry low 

Pawer, siv*3 *27 1* 1$ 
;H Dodo* dheltonaer. elf, «gT. mops J],OOO mr 14*1 *14 , 
14"doOde fKaraeritiBSB. jfiT romuhc 22* o2*1 
TfTKJa-e-'Se mr 
* speed bucket seats all new ’’" '• • J .* L 'h * 
344*1 W ill purrs paint Garonan Im i> . . 
Ired* *1A1442 ar et rote 34*> W Z ? «,r 
'* * ’ 
I T f B I V U t l IRR------- 
H e* everythina v 
SSO# cash 111 4*s* 

 iii I x lra croon, 
1 admi*. SISO# Arm SIJ MS* 
Jii Dada* Sari 6PHIHC 4 
5*.OU# mi SDS# 5)2 54*1 

U t e r in * i r a 
M F i m . M IA M I tie r e * , a ir 

 ea w ti brakes, stoarinp. cruise central, clean si roe 4*4 SS It 
WI Kin p> op ad if ea*s4naer*s1g' tmn waaaa V I, eufansatH. pawer, ic* com air roo* aaa drives per. 
J*4' M«11 sacrifice immedtofofvi 
114M8I*" 
U*4 ‘,1* t®**1 yHBlhu 

 i i ^Brvitor Wewaari fx c e liilT 
51.446 an S ilts 6*4-**24 
‘t i C h rysler H tw e e rt J d eer, leaded 1 A sharp c a n S H M full pride CDI R a t m o w * 
T i C h ry sle r U e w p e rt l-dSS7I leaded 
Lew m ite a E * 
E e tre 

.<461164 

 a il, Bucket clean n e ts toil price iRifa ti* 
4861141 ancmu^evedabt* Catt Ai Guerre 

Country woe en peed lr an spa ria 
11 ton, MSO M f 1474 
Leaded l9 i C hrysler d sr dabs, leather in te rio r, cruisem ettc, power w indows, s te *rm « end bruke* 344oo 4*5 M M 

738 MML6f 

 l l C if A ■ 8 1 1 '# 111 /la s s ie 
Builders special 14*4 11* o2*1 imucula econumical' Stereo, well cured tor. *44 m s 
TtTttTr;, Rf liVmo*b"urn 
'•b u ilt Air power auiem oltt 
AM PM I lr«( i tf> l 3M 1 3 )) 
T I ( W r ie r I# , iuto m aiic 
V I , p f* OOOOfc MONACO Alf, pawer pawer steer me brakes AM PM ^excellent condition M ust te ll stereo Need to drive 226*o34 
U l l i n bv 1 

SPOR I CO UP*, standard Vinyl 
*e# Special Cedron package 
HEM PHILL MCCOMAS 
FOND SOUTHSIDE 
IHM I ta M ilitary o1)6117 if/T 6oda* Monaca 4 A w hard' top Leo bed Cruise COMf OI. 44.oo* miles *11*3*14446) 

U t L I N E S 
$ 
■ ■ T 
NQucammtaAU2 
2 
5 
- 1 
6 
6 
6 
^ f r 
M SB 
C A N C E L L A B L E 
J m J B m m P ™ 
9 

:--'M R A T S C H A N o 
I 
I I I Q U I C K RESULTS! 

MISSION CHEVROLET’S 

* 5 , o o o nK's'™ ™ " 

MECHANICAL INSURANCE AVAILABLE 

ON MOST CARS • 12 MONTHS OR 

1 2 ,o o o MILES • GET DETAILS 

•*•**■ . VB, w W iM Ht, 
7 6 MAUBU WAGON 
S C X i.'S X .kr"k“ ; * 
*4 2 9 5 

’ 7 6 FORD GRANADA COUPE brom a with 

♦Ob. 
V«, automatic trom m lstloa, p o w # / 

- 
‘ “ 'I’!**": 
> 4 4 9 5 

1 7 6 VEGA HATCHBACK ‘rf**- . 4 
1 m i <wdWo,wd' . ,op* ' MtSTBtsxr^ss^ ,2995 

17 5 S K P I ? R,Wo SEDAN 
^ 

 c a e s a r r r r v 
. ^ 
. r : . ‘ 2 9 9 5 

7 5 CHRYSLER CORDOBA t £ T C b*vV automatic tv mom Is aion, powor te a rin g , po w a r’ broka*, air conditional, radio, w hit a tidawolU. 
AM/PAA Ittrto , cruift* control...................... 

7 5 MONTE CARLO m itt ion, pow ar X 

 a with brown vinyl 
V t, automatic tram - tooting, powor brakes, air con- 
•chito (Idaw alit 

7 5 VEGA HATCHBACK 

7 5 MONTE CARLO S T wr ^ S . - “ ^ 
: pawer (tooring, powor brakat, air con- 
“ 1, whHo sidewalls, bucket seats. console 

’ 7 5 AMC MATADOR pawer brakes, air 

 blue, V t, automatic trans­ mission, powor t to acing, conditioned, radio, white 

7 5 V W RABBIT X J T X . - 3 K S S ; ,5SSS 

7 5 VEGA COUPE walls. « speed .. 

Oro on, 4 cylinder, air con­ ditioned. radio, white side- 

’ 7 5 MALIBU CLASSIC SEDAN £ . k: kl with belga vinyl top, 
V t, automatic transmission, power steering, power brokes, air conditioned, radio, white side wells, cruise control. Hit w h e e l......................... 

7 4 NOVA SEDAN ^ 
■ 
* 
’ ■2 ^ 
, ' ? power steering, pews 
* 
* radio, white sidewalls power brakes, air conditioned, 

’ 7 4 NOVA COUPE S X 'f l f c ^ U M T * 
Was $ 2 o 9 5 ......................................................NOW 

7 4 IMPALA SEDAN S T V S J S t - S i 1 mission, power steering, power brakes, air con­ ditioned. radio, white sidewalls, tilt wheel . . . . 

’ 7 4 MONTE CARLO r r : . 

’ 7 4 OLDS OMEGA marie transmission, pew- or ^steering, powor brakes, air cond men od, 

I’ 7 4 PLYMOUTH DUSTER COUPE 
" m * blue vinyl too, V t, standard, air conditioned, power steering, cadie, white sidewalls. Was 
* J « i ..............................................................IvOW 
. fvOW 
I’ 7 4 VEGA WAGON 
Hard, ’ air ^conditioned, radio, white sidewalls.......................................... 
* hardtop, blue, V t, automatic nits ion, power steering, power 
7 4 IMPALA JL 

*4 4 9 5 

*4 2 9 5 

*1 9 9 5 

*4 2 9 5 

‘ 2 2 9 5 

*2 1 9 5 

*1 9 9 5 1 

‘ 3 6 9 5 

*2 6 9 5 

*2 2 9 5 

*2 6 9 5 

*3 6 9 5 ! 

*2 6 9 5 

*2 2 9 5 

* 1 7 9 5 

*2 6 9 5 1 

BUY OR LEASE 

B E S T D E A L I N T O W N 

76 CHEVROLET 5 £ “ -£ *.£ S3 

 tudy i gwpped — only.......... 
’76 OIOS 

‘3895 

*4895 

75 CHEVROLET S5« 2S •=".*%,©< leaks like m w ............................................................ 
« O V 5 
75 CHEVROLET w- 
PH 
*2795 

*2995 
75 PLYMOUTH r-> m .»•* all pawer A air — solid t a t ................................ 
7 7 CHEVROLET ^ S ^ Z a r X , ^ sharp cor 
76 CHEVROLET 

(attent condition. 

Craw Cab 3 x 3 , 4-wheal drive, plat all a itra t, a i 

75 FORD Cee riel Pickup, astre nice. 

*6495 
*2495 

EVERY UNIT GUARANTEED TO BE READY TO GO AND 

WORTH MORE THAN THIS CLEARANCE PRICE. 

TOWNE AND COUNTRY 
LEASING 

4 o 1 Isom Rood 
3 4 9 * 3 9 8 

71 MARX III 
E x c e lle n t cand ., 53333. noon ar otter 5: 814-4811. 
■A* M A A k III, g re a t c o n d itio n , 
11495 or best alter 824-47o8 
■ii U 'A ftR 'W ; a ir "e xtra s. u . M mi. is m or best ofter 828-4711 

 f k m A n t o n i o E X P R E S S - N E W S — 
S u n d a y F e b r u a r y 2 o 1 9 7 
7 
______ 

?4S • TW O S I Cot » m 
74S • TRUCKS I COMMERCIAI 
746 • TRUCKS 

TRAiliRS R 
U 
S E 
S __________________ TRAILERS RUSTS 
TRAILERS BUSES 

P a g e 
2 5 - C 

MAAK IV, 1972 
Fully equipped local car. service record Excellent condition, very clean Priced tor quick sale 53795, 
344-7122____________________ 
‘75 taARK IV 
HAS E V E R Y TH IN G ! 
222-1342 
“ 
‘73 M ARK iv , loaded 
37,oo9 ml 55485. 458-3854 
7 2" M A g K~iV ,1o o ^ , 41,SM m l 
5425o Call 453-3883. 

‘7 7 M A R K V 

•76 M A R K I V , B i l l B la $ $ 

‘ 7 7 C O R V E T T E 
South Texas W holesalers 
5625 San P t d r o 
734-6485 

C 
A 
V 
E 
N 
D 
E 
R 
^ 
“ SPECIALS” 

75 MERCURY S B » 2 5 a S f > 8 m 
76 ford 5 a r ? 
4 f = 
- „ 
» j 
76 PIYMOUTH 
1^*3795 
76 CHEVY 
‘5495 
’75 ToRoNADo S R S a t -! .r?.»599S 
76 DODGE X r X 5 r f o « - L * :.‘4S9S 
75 BUICK 
*4295 

 l a s / s i n e Cwt<CM *-# » •« • la rtary air, all lCM Q t 
/O U L U J power and extras, stereo, cruise, mags 
J * t T 3 
'75 PONTIAC 
*3995 
76 olds K i s s & a A S rr. *3995 
’76 CHRYSLER iJ2w .ua St?1 . T . . ‘5795 
’72 OLDS 22SSTS?(^rzr ■" r*" *2295 
•7i olds s s ^ J r ! .r r * ‘.'rrT.*‘.«2i95 
’75 FORD 2 T A "S ? S ^ S 5 i'^ , .*4295 
76 OLDS SShSt!!?.“T : *"***:. *rT!T! ‘4995 

12,ooo MIU OR 12 MONTH MOTORS INSUUNCE CORP. 
MECHANICAL INSURANCE AVAILABLE ON MANY Of OUR 
74 OR NEWER MODELS. 
” CONFIDENCE IS CAVENDER” 

 m s g 
Cave rider O ld sm o b ile Co. 

1 o o 1 B roadw ay • 2 2 6 * 7 3 5 7 • 2 2 6 * 8 7 7 2 

 alr, dR 

7 4 M O N TI CARLO 
Oreen with white vinyl tap, 
V t. automatic trans­ mission, pawer • tearing, pawer brakes, air cen- dlti mud, re die , white side 
Bewall* 

7 3 IMPALA SEDAN pawer steering, pawer broket, air conditioned, , 

‘ 3 6 9 5 

 redie , white sidewalls ........................................... 
'2 2 9 5 | green, 
V t, auto­ matic transmission, pawer steering, pawer brokes, air conditioned. „ radio, white sidewalls 

’ 7 3 FORD TORINO COUPE 

— 
’7 3 Co R V m E T T o P ^ 3 mim,. 

’ 7 3 CAPRKI SEDAN 

 dBt6oN4Nl rodoo 

7 1 V W BEHLE 

‘ 6 9 FORD ETD COUPE vinyl lap. V t, autom at is transmission, pawer steering, power brokes, air conditioned, redie. white sidewalls 
............... 

’68 CHRYSLER WINDSOR SEDAN metis transmission, power staring, pawer brakes, air conditioned, radio, white sidewalls, t i . OOO mites 
.............................................. 

M 
I S 
S 
I O 
N 

I 

*2 4 9 5 1 

* 1 4 9 5 

* 1 2 9 5 1 

 r n - m o m 
________________ 

TS B o bcoT 'W agS r'Lo aaed tow m ilts p o lo * book, 344-4678. 
74 Bobcat Slogan V i all pawer equipped includina every pvalla b it o p tio n . R p o u tifu l ta n a n d b ra w n . 47o9 m ile s 
AAutt s e ll, leaving area* 54373 492 2436 
‘49 Cougar. L ip s tic k red M ach vinyl reel. Fewer, air, oh power, new N rei 224-6954 
72 bougar. Pawer, a ir, 351-V, au­ to, 51993 461-1U1; 8267o33 
75 Cougar Tan G lam our! lo a d ad, pow er w indow s, 6-wav seat. 
Cruise control, slerea, low miles, e x tra s . 54795. D a ve: 454-1143; eves, 43$-33tt.__________________ 
’Ii Cottoor. V I auto power, vinyl fop. 5o,ooo m i. V o ry good cond. 
6225o 1249846. 
74 ^ 6 o 6 A B ' VA > 
Aaa-p m cai-, s tile quod. 9 m onths w a rra n ty . 
2,ooo m ilo f. 
M u s t t o ll) 
554o47344513 7348147___________ 
A* CAuGAR x h 7 , auto. pow er, dir, 46,88o m l. 499-82o4 
~h Cougar X HY . I i i Cleveland, 
Rower steering, brakes. A ir, ou im atlc, 5*75 342-7o91 
>c ^ o U d A R ' V i r 'neods same w ork, Isl. 588o 349-2474_________ 

Hertz Is Selling Quality 
Used Cars From Our Rental Fleet 
<1974 Used) 
1331 SOUTH T E R M IN A L 
For Inform ation Coll: 824-9445 
7o M arque b i on oho iii’. Excellent cond , 4-dr., a ir, good tire *. 61o5o. 
4542713. 
_ _ _ _ _ a i Marquis Power, rodio heritor, air. 585o. 922-1329._______________ 
*)1 M arq us. 42,ooo m l. A M -F M stereo, air, auto. 6995. 481-1234 

76 MERCURY COUSAR XR7 
Auto a ir, AM FM stereo White on white ......... , ............................ 55489 
H E M P H ILL MCCOMBS 
FORD SOUTHSIDE 
19o1 S.W M ilita ry 922-4317 
T o B l H U A V /(S U flih ------- 
Toke up poyments, 924M24 
■u M E lT u iV^Cbuaor ly equipped, b ro w n , w h ite le o. 
337-8495 , 337 7224. 
1974 M ercu ry Cougar V A ) 
8,ooo miles 
Auto a ir, power, stere© ...................................... 55495 
NORTHWOOD PORSCHE AUDI 
1324 NE Loop 41o 
824 3214 ___________ 
75 M ercury 6 ra n b M arquis, lu ll pow er, fa c to ry a ir, one ow ner, 
Low m ileage. L ik e new. 63193 
W ill trade 923-2883 
T i M e rc u ry 6 r a n d M a rq u is 
Brougham , 4 door, A M -F M , a ll power, split rpclinm p soots, under 
62o8o, 484o344. l o ij M e rc u ry M a rq u is D ro u th - am. 4-door. 61781 full price Call 
Chortle Levine 222-6984 
•45 M e rcu ry M o u ie rre y. Recent e n g in e o v e rh a u l 
A u to m a tic transm ission, powor fa cto ry a ir. 
Exellent condition. 5495 W ill trod# 
923 2853 
6* M e rc u ry M o n to g o W agon 
Vary clean 6958 924-9514. l y r m i t P l V L io n c r c k , “ ow mileage, loaded. Call D anny Po- 
' tor son 222-8411 
; 44 h 'l l 'e U I V ' M onlogo duad co n d itio n , a ir, pow er ste e rin g , 
I reps. 2oo-3131. EV Owner 
'75 M e rc u ry M onarch 4 dor>F7"I c y lin d tr au to m a tic, a ir, paw er, low m ileaa* Call: Ous 222-o984 
'n u m u b v w A 6 6 k . Bower windows, seats, leeks, ac 53758. 
! Saba!, 344 4321, nitos 4o2-1843 
Mbblopo. 4-olr., vin yl top,~eF 

C H E V R O L E T 

I 2 o o S .E . M ilit a r y 

P H O N E 

9 2 4 * 2 3 1 1 
737 
HMM 
77 o $ANASrTRw^55nflB^^^ 
♦etl! 'P rice d to s o il!! IM H 
H 
H 

737 
FORS 

CLEANEST CARS IN TOWN 

'42 VW uisO aasl I,rn, J 575 
$2488 

$2188 

7 4 VW 
73 DU5TIR smsSaN. 

7 3 HONOAidtw 
7 3 EUCHA r n 
(S X T 

$1388 

'64 OLDS f-85 4-4m>. avie 
_ 
•six. m as 1 Simms 
$ 799 
66 8UTAoo8 la x .. 
Wagm. ssha daw. 
■ " a n i, rn 
.......... $ 388 
7 $ OCANO PMX artsman, pi, 
W>si iw s w en rn4ssi. 
Baa** saass. 4MJM mm*, w a rn aas s M $455o 
7 6 ITO 4 Assi, amarnac. 
Ms. Axun 
$4588 

O P E N S U N D A Y 
NORTH CENTRAL FORD 

o 8 o o S a n l» a d ro 
3 4 1 - 5 5 7 1 1 s t. 3 o 3 

$4588 

1471 O ron o T o rin o 4 do o r, tb s ciao nest in to w n !! O nly 15.ooo m ilos Call OUS, 222-o984 
1473 d r o n T o rin o S p o rt. The c le a n e st in San A n ie n te W ide tires Moas, side pipes Very low miles 
Call 
Leonard 
Bennett 
222 o984 
1974 O ran Torino J door Broose am fu ll paw er, L u x u ry in te rio r 
Fender skirts, s h o rp ii Call Ran 
Woods 222-o944 
TfTo L \D Bro ©oho m " »"doer, m ust sot to approcloto. low m i 61.395 
Turquoise w ith w hite v ln ly too 
Stereo, tilt s ttp rin g wheel, auto. pir, 333-9o35 
•l w m i i f l o f t t i m 
, ilk * now. 
62.ooo Coll 334-4242 
^ 4 LTD iro u p h a m . L ik e itaS ) 
13.ooo m i., loaded AM -FM stere, c ru is e c e n tro ). L is t; 67284. sacrifice a l 5846o 14l-Cio5. 
‘Ts LTD to w n try fa u lre Wags 
Excellent cond 63754 433 7o?v 

736 
D O D G E 
737 rn 

46 r>odgo Super B e t itroction 5473 484-7474 atter 5 
B U 
R 
R o u s itro c M H meek do*-, 
•It Cold D u tle r Autom atic, 4 e v fj m r. vinyl roof, ctoon 224-4454 

737 r n 

SEIG COUNTRY FORD 
Son Anionic 
Coll 
227 o84o 

BIACX IS BEAUTIFUL! 
'74 LTD 2 door hardtop Loaded, extra clean' Must sell! Bestower 
734-1o42 r fT T g -W .g r jo il beaul.lul conj;' 

 it C a m ara, i i i , ) speed fu ll u ,._ power, air Low m ilos Excottenl 
. _ 
. * I c o n d 
T a k e e v e r p a y m e n ts 
453-4o7o ofter 5 a rn or weekends 
£ lo o n 

'75 Fori Cran Tortno 
2 door COUPE. Auto. a ir. pawer steering, brokes 
E xtra clean ....................................... 529o4 
H E M P H ILL MCCOMBS 
FORD SOUTHSIDE 
19o1 I W M ilita ry 422-6117 
' 
Io n ) d,©n fo rin t, 8 1 ou©* OR!. 
F u lly lo a d o d 2 -deer h a rd to p 
826-9545, 493-8o54 
L T B .lJ V Iir , p < r-c rv ,7 e- ing 61495 C ALL 732 9481 
H 1 6 I i B ' V T F T T o o r rT u 'TTy 

H l TB7 4-dp<i 
61188 COH 341-3911 
!l7 s L T ft}d c o -r - g . l r . clean One 
I o w n e r 61991. lu ll p ric o . C a ll 
Chant# Lovmo 222-o984 
•O T T E T a o a T S a a w r I B rodlo, exce lle n t co n d itio n Bv ow ner. 
53188 41o San Pedro, ceti 822-9o89 
U L t d 4-door Lcoded ' One 
I owner 12.ooo m ilos. 64775 tOOS tmancmg ovailpbie 
CPU 
Ous 
222-PP84________________________ 
19^4 LTD 4 door Sedan. hove heo- 
M ust sell e n c l 188% fln a n c in a att. 

 equipped HOOS 
1212 t a M IL IT A R Y 
921-174o f l # 6 1 6 T T B , 4 d o o r.' Vom er brakes steering, a ir. peed condi- 

76 AoV'iTT T B i4 3b frS a io x i ; 
679o 225-4541 696-2458 
, exceptional condition, IT T F o rd L tb rp o o J condTt ©n* loaded '71 Pinto. 227-8o41 435-7849 5425 641 3824 
____________ 
71 Country s i danWogon ' I ucTrT 
75 Ford LTD V-l, dujomalic. 

 oya iia b it 
222 *984 
Cpl! Loo no rd Bonne 

’75 LTD IAMQAU 
4 door. aute a ir AH pawer AM 
FM stereo .......................... 54784 
H E M P H ILL MCCOMBS 
BORO SOUTHSIDE 
19o1 S W M ilita ry 922-6117 i i L tb .M t a in 'tl ^ B a aJl llo l ' cb r: e x c e lle n t c o n d itio n 58,88o m i. n o ts 455-8688. 
~U I TO S q u irt, w e ll 6dNIPPO ^ overope low mi. car. 

 od , p p rfa c t, 
6249$. 
O w n e r. 
733-4197 EVPS 342 7991 t ? S I M TI C (tpper with tan vinyl to * 
L u x u ry in te r io r . F u lly equipped 6399$ full price Call Al 
C u e tra IU o*54 
J 

76 ELITE $5289 
Liphi blue, dark blue roof. im m aculate 
H E M P H ILL MCCOM IS 
FORD SOUTHSIDE 
19o1 f w . M ilita ry 422-4317 
74 K I i t 4, I4w m ileage p c . 7 i to sell 67954 Com Jan Bely is 222 8411 t i g liie L u iu r y In te rio r. F ully equipped 
CSH 
Jim 
Beyers 
122 o984 
74 EU T I. I l l m iles. creortTon cream , AM FM. *s ytnyi top Jo# 
Edtehouse 127 5611 i W m i T 6 N t i l l --------- 
C A LL SU 1672 
'6 ! F A L T 6 * i d o o r ' 
- uood conditson 734-2328 
I t l l p 6 r D o l I" o r I * i n a L 86o^ 
Cbhditspn, 688-3833 
■71 bo ti d o u n lry “ cdon Wapon. 
52458. '71 Pacer S2SS8. bu<h wooo cond 11 tan 712-HJS ar 715-U A ar coli catloci 1 619 1835____________ 
'43 Ford. 8 cvl. siessd. (A ll. OoS3 conditton 448-1424 
’74 # o r^ Elite H r , ppaAr. Lund©., v in y l lop. S ilver and P urpundy, 
AM radio S47JS 137 SOU 
46)4 lo b ! I KU. ItJCm full power t o v 11 o6o miles Like new* Cad C harlie lo v in g 111 o9o4 
~ r 6 bn f U T T l i m ------- 
C ALL 341 IOU 
1974 l e r j f i n o /id d a a r T . t r a sharp IM N hnancina pvaitable 
CUM M r EOBBPtt 212-o984 
~U F o rd E li!# , pow or e v o ry ili- m a il Solid block 
A root sharp c o r " COH Al O u e n ii 111-o984 st Ford I* air la no o6#d coPd itieTT 
SBM >14-4641 any lu n o __________ ti F o rd Foicon W aa6b, 4 cifT staispprd, 5658 I 534 t i l l 
1 J7d O oiosti. p w B a rT S ifR S i make otter 349 8649e««s y? » 8 KD •g ala s ii1 IU. i diTT loaded take aver paym ents. PP vaulty Brast 481 1871 
■ ffW if p l 
WL I lr. idwoT 
2168521 Oft $ pm 
“■ o-i 6 bfe 6 1 LA IV .U .-fiia r 
4795 M C A L I 454 5458 
~ i i ^6 ftft Oron Ter.np~ 
I o a t ever paym ents na eauitv. 
COM John Sump 549 4948 r r r . T ^ r M 
^ x 

 power, tactory a ir. excellent con­ dition 51195 WHI trade 911-281) ti lo r d L T b " V Invl"V aaT.' a i'r". power. 57oo 136 5o2o 
74 b o rd M a v e ric f.r>4 dnor. o ir, heater, auto , power steering E x­ cellent cgnditien. M UST S E LL! 
COH >164711. 
_______________ 
71 Ford lUavgrick le v i. air. apio. pow er ste e r., low m ile a g e bv 
•wiser, excel cond, S1695, 927 6833 
1967 F or4 Musiu ig"! Now ‘6*. I R engine Set up tor street or strip. 
Also Go C on m in i_________ 
1 d74 lo r d 
RunabPuK low m ilos, 4 sp te d M ust sell! Only 
61295 Coll C harlie Lovilia 222-8954 
T T f 6 * 6 b a s ^ eT I * waaisn 
I oossenaor AM -FM storoo. 53495 
84t:f<W iu id Elutionnouon uulca.olTcT now Pros. 58.6oo m i BIB-1945 
I I E M B T U 1 T5----------- 
I doer hardtop. VA cruise control, om Im sle re p lope. moan re a l, a lu m in u m w heals p ow er door locks, m r clim ate control, power stealing, brokes, seats, windows. 
G rey vin yl rout, a rty lu xu ry la- te rio r, c a rp e tin g fu lly loaded 
17.ooo m i e x c e lle n t c o n d itio n 
492 2751, o6-1811 ______________ 
JC FORD t - i l r d extra mer with 
CB radio I U l f # 

74 F O R D T - R I R D i Yoke over p a v m o n it, no enuHv call John Sump, 549-6*41 
T i 8 6 1 6 V trin e watpn, U H E 
114 o1*1 v n n 

BV* 
-4879 

•7 * L T D 
‘.taiion wapon 
Luppapo rack, t n t owner. 54995. 
Call le a l. 
DAY 1267)11 
Night 34o-1942 
■ 97 3 L tD r a tion W a g o n e d re a r to o ts . la a d a H I I 
M u s t sacrifice Call Leonard Bennett. 
222 o984 
T T m SV UH'i? ? 

I ' p lia n t cond 114oo 438-7977 

*75 M O N T E G O , $ 1 8 9 5 . 
48o3 SOUTH FLORES 

I96o M u s ta n g . 2 6 2 . o r ig in a l o w n e r, s m a ll V-8, a u to , a ir . 
746 

 power. 18 mpg 4867491 
T T M U if AM. A r r te d , now paint Excellent cond 4)1 448o 

 eumnBiif 
— m r n n r 

47 M ustang v i j i t A u tom atic. 
A l condition* Orig owner SUM ar b o ti otter 342-o29) 
1973 MUSTANG 
V in y l top. pow er, a ir, ra d ia ls , 
$2193 or b o ti o fte r 42o7 Mecca- sin. 4863o55 anytim e i r n OTI I f t in s to c k . 8 CVI,na.; 
Uondord 
349-9235 stterm e 

I i |8 in to F u lly L o o k e d ! One owner 8869545. 495 BOSO 
7WHEI fAVrfV#, PFI BVF* 
T«~V i KiT 6 "T i b6'A*m fl# t. aor A c t, t i $o6 )1A.tU1 
T T F Int'o M IA r d r lu n o b o u ), 
4.8M m l 6255o 4561245. 
7r 
> T H m u b o h o u i: u so « .d . 
OU, radio. 
1-4784 good condition 1111o5 

TT 
74 bint© O u nobou l” A u tT T H 
51775 453 5172 ofter l p m i~4 H lN t f t'SSXfiZSC v e ry clon f i r . J.A. Cor IO 222-8611 
IU Pinto 8unobout ita n d a rd , oir 
Rod white vin yl top Real beauty! 
Lew miles 
Bxcell cond. 61795 
IllF IH J 
IT T P IN T A ftunoboui. auto . e lr. ro d io , now tire s and b a tte ry I 
|Needs body work 586o 656o614 I 

5995 
3469773 ofC U TLAS S---------------- 
5995 3469771 lh g U T L A fS ' U f off pawer, air. swivel bucket seats Goad cand! 
Man Must SUH. 1469918. 
‘4 B *C u tla st to n v a r flb i* tr onsportgtton 5475 3464142 
■ ll Cutlass, M i pawer. A ir. Aula. 
Like now! F irst s ilo s 49656o7 
- ■H'E U TllTf m r K * B M 
A ir. paw»r. new H ret 141-2564 
‘l8 d u lia s i, I6 e d t8 l b a lr caHST hon 58o67161961 before 4: p.m 
^ i i a s t'S T B B R S : ^ oulo. a ir, pawer, 61,696. 673-6158 
7 1! C u V la Is S coup#, oui#, ewer, a ir 499-o294 lh eUTU iS I New tire s and battery 44.8M m i. 514oo 4561491 otter 5 pm i r g U T U ti lU P B i m , power steering, b 'o k e t. a ir, super 
CPO aition. (1)415-o515 f i Cutlass I u p !- 'n , B rougham , 
V I, outor- o tic . pow er, fa c to ry a ir. tilt whee) tape deck One owner. Very low m ileage in w ar rooty s ilo s W ill trode 913 2443 s i ? ut loss ?upr a ma 7 T " automa 

 oil 

TTF TW TU Tsp, real ocanamy ii iPW 

 illy 
T T I 

< rp 
926 

 anpine. 
1995 1461474 
Ii P IN TA I s p , ^ : U M sn ,m a , bo. *< ,nom y 5991 549-2474 
. , _ 
Vogon 
Ita a rtn * and brakat. a ir. lu rack, new tires. 4 cvl . autom atic 
Small eauitv. take aver paym ents 
I8 6 F W ____________ 
TU bim© Wa aln * Tod dr! axe trim , tu t ro c ! orig. aw ner, a i- c ai ton I cond 24 mod city, t i mpg hiwov U S M 4761119 
7 T T T O - w o fo n . auto. a ir, low 
516317" fu ra u n 

 all 3im°aM 

OOO rn“ as iltvO t i l J i'o 
H V->lrd. Burgundy, fu ll pawer 
M H M M S miles 54581 fu ll price 
24,1 

7 6 e o*ttcf /b (a c e to 6u<f a t r u c k .,. 

 u t/ 

T R U C K M A L L 

I 
B 
R 
O 
A 
D 
W 
A 
Y 
• 
2 2 3 - 4 2 8 1 

ISSI tic. pawer, factory air, exci dean 51495 
O u tla s t S u p re m e 
Y e llo w . brown Landau tap 358 VB. auto. air. AM FM stere# radio 5445© 
IU - IBIO_____________ f I C U T L A S l S u p re m e , o u t# . pawer. air. like now 499 8294 
T T ^u K b 'sil u pr erne, e x c e lle n t cand inside and out. looks good drives goad 
Como seal 534M 
712 4454 

71 S.UTLA55 SUPREME power, m r Make paym ents 2264954 
■ li'D ollo BB'b o . o i r f fW M ' #V4f- vthing , a ir, v in y l re a l sos 4129 lf a 
■ 

FT Bird 
222-8984 includinav sunroof V e ry law m iias. Loca l executives c a n Call Al G uar re 
211 4984 
T T T VuHtrislrd 

•26 
TTT 

 si ofter 
T o a S m r'T iliT e r 
Days 
1496211; eves 

 l l ballo lo r'a lg . Loortrd excel lent condition HBM 7365941 
7 $"Ai A i ‘H £6 f< vtR f iIT I 
Dei ta bb 
New tires V ery clean j 
COH lim 4)61641 
H- S m T U s lo r n cruiser Wagon. 

A r r * 
’i i — fo e a r n u A i t b u p m o m ccnmpant s m iu o h c o m p a m y unco 
S tlV K It. BEBO TOOL COMPANY. (OMTtMSMIA l OH COAAPANY, 
WILSON MMU8T8NS AND OTM4P NA TOO COMPANNS itA—w —Ik. ... 
IL ._ I — . . 
* a i. saw^w Gun aa-El. rn. av I 
MGRTWRMi Nm MRMPwl^N •MXA#W VPWOBRmw WM MOP 
Tw •#*»»•»•) 
AUTOMORRM OW VVOCX TA t tf S Napaia. 6-1o78 MssHhw* 
S- 
1698 
...... 1 *9 8 Akakba BesWtaa Wagaw. 1-1o91 as-H W . 1669 
8-1o64 Nam ss. TOOPS 1*98 Teak**. 1*94 Oaleaie BOO, farinas, 1498 Pisses Matin Wages, 1498 ©alexia 
1498 Raws farina. 6-1491 farina*. 8-1491 C w t.-, SOO'*. 8- 
149* farina*. 
149o 
Cotta** 
5oo *. 
1464 
'a tria ** 
SOO 
PIT MOUTHS^ 6-1493 BataHHa*. 1493 'a ry It, 8-1498 'w ry U, 1478 lataBNs, 4-1491 toM Ptas. 149o Twry I, 1-147o S at*U lt*'. 1464 

6*1 St*'Sp 

PICK-UPL 1476 Chaa- VV san h a tte d* !* . 1476 l l Cornin* Vs tan. 
1498 la rd W tan. 8 -1474 Cha* M tao*. 8 -1 4 7 3 Cha*. H son*. 4- 
1473 Pard H tans. 4 -1 4 7 ) Cha* 
M san*. 8 -1 4 9 ) Ford Vs tan. 
1491 ©BOC H ann IMPHy Body. 4-1471 ©MC Vs tan*. 1 47 o fa ro H tan UMkay Bady. 8 -1 4 7 o lard VS tom . 149 o Cha* Vs tan. 3 -1 4 6 4 
'a rd W tao*. 8 -1 4 6 4 O s**- Vs tam . 1464 Cha* H Nm Utility Bady. 
8 -1 4 6 8 d o * . VS tan IMBey Bedias. 1468 Toad VS tan IMMey Bady. 
1468 O w *. VO M n. 1468 ©AAC Vt M n. 1 4 *9 Cha*. VV M n UHkty 
Body. 1466 O m *. H Nm UMkty Bady. 1466 C h *. VV lost 
V ANA 1498 O w *. H M n. 8-1491 lard ta M n, 8 -1 49 1 Chay. M tan. 6 -1 4 9 o Pard Vs San. 1 -IP 6 4 Chav. VV M * 1 -1 4 6 4 ' a r i VS M n. 
1468 Pond A 1466 Chav. VS tan 
HEAVY DUTY U M M MUC XA. 6 -1 4 * 4 . 
.'-‘rd * Cha*. I M n 
I adda 
I rusk*. OUCkff fBUCKA 1 4 *8 Cha*. * Pm with B k yw a M *. 
W rit at and a 84o8 I alate Bwdbaa mawnaad an a SVS San o w l 
BIMBO TRUCK. 1 4 *4 Pard 8 PW >M> Tai I- Im * O m a*' UM I 
LAMRRBi M ay (BO) EaMtsaMn U S d a n Variant iangShi tram IP ' Sa 
AMX* fa rm *I Cads. Chads and OnnMr ©raft* a u t y a d with lan k Lariar, 

W a Z l l l 
"d T I d o p ' l i 'day a f a d * ' 
* 
POR PWRfNB ©mOMMTTON COPff AC? I PAM A B. SO WISS CO. 
PUCftOSianS - Ta AA? r -oo84 
BOX 886o8 R L 886-8984 ROUS ION ftXA S 77oPS 

 scoutirs 

111 IM I 
- r n 

76 Mivsnck CSUN $32X9 
I p e a r, p u le . * l r . V a ry la d m iloap* E xtra ©loan ca rt 
H E M P H ILL MCCOMBS 
H 
'O R O SOUTHSIDE 
■ 
1981 5 W M ilita ry 'H P J 

 m A v r i i f k 1 f r ; t * i r ; , * , « 

T in T M U iiB t m r A. take ever paym ents, a * *© ultv, coil Ernie 681 3871 
TI' Thu nderbird tun V o w er, a r tory air. exceptionally clean si795 
PHH trode 92) IM I 
I * fliUMPMlrP. fu lly egulpped 
B eautiful car 
Ii.869 m ites Call 
Cburue Levin* 22M886_______ 
T I TOPING GV fcl perform ance 

“ S B L * !* !* . 

 m ust sen ana w ill help finance Coll O V AIV 1468 
S g r g u WasB fu p r .m a , la c ! o rv new . r a tp il 557*5 ne w 55*45 
Private party 4SV9694. 455 1*73 
1 2 " • 
•■ T x rg r f a u s u 
. . - . , i . i . SS : 

 r n iiiusvetiii 

T i OMS Regent y Coupe O riginal ewnar, ba .ga landau root if,B M tuliv loaded velour in terio r. 

 rn mm 

Clean 44. Lemons, a ir. ppwer 
_________ 
4861153 

613-8717 f i u r s ^ r o r - 

GT RI p 
2866956 

Law milaog# 52,686 4861176 i i x i i w i T f t r 

O rig in o l aw ner 

,# } / . _ j 
51495 4 4 « j\o u T ‘m y o p e s 
ITwe Owner ii $erd" tfft 4 JF. 

 ne air radials rood fond,Hoi 
■ 158 4411411 
74 M a v e rid i, 6W*bV, ptdMI OST air. aute, new tires, 
5I.7M 
349 2274 
^ H l S n 7 K TTrr*7! ^ 
H 

 yT, .TTT I,,:, 
H ora Tea. AM . PM . A ir Few er, 
7 k M f. euiprna- 15895 s t I n i O ffe r ava J e u ar 
I M 
MI V e ry T lv itS f ask far Re yT VglVD 
,He.,air, taw book. 52958 654 w m n r 

 w r S t i f A u ) o rn a 

 n m rT ^ Trbb'Terine 
VI VEE 45)4564 

B e la * btu* 

UP poyments, 9265616 

 m i g s TO WR , Kordtep %\m air, paettr real nice, 341 1566 
» o * 4344475 
1971 O ld i tu llo s s S uprem e a ir IT T lo r H r i'V i it/IJJ 

A ir. o u t* . 
Mats, vinyl 
AMPM stereo. roHy 
- n - T -w------------------ 
*ep S jm 494 4ta5 
I T I I P assenger, 
— ................ 
M na mac via re m u Braaa 
74 F ) r * b » r d F o r m u l a 

NEW 7 6 SCOUT PNk-ssg. • • BABI ....... 

7 7 SCOUT ll P a l. a t 8 6 *5 ................... 

7 7 s c o u t M n r t V A B r r ? 

7 7 SCOUT dad Ir a .a la r. • I B665 .......... 

7 7 SCOUT dad, d -spaad. At I Adds . . . . . . 

2 -7 7 s c o u t ii a v s r : ; r 

1 - 7 7 SCOUT 
.fT 

 l ^ u ’H l e n V W v o l h 

•5 779 
•58o9 
•7953 
•7516 
•6655 

• 1 5 o o 
•15oo 

Pdwer. eu tom our ©ewer stearin* b r a id s , A M -F M s te re o r a i l * 
1369545. 4t5 6 t i « 
■ 
T I 

Socr m et only 25,88* m i air, a!S h roily whaals. AM FM . CB Rxcal 

S c o u t D e o lo r 
AvtharSaad Ba alar Pas. Peri*. Sat**, Par .is# 
I a a BA LC O N E S P4oRTH 
7 3 1 - 3 1 4 $ la it HA- IP at Wassderiaad 

 a r : ; . — r r z r z 'z n i 7 * t o r o n a d o new Hres. que i 
LO AD ED ! bai 391) 
C I V - t m ^ l i T T n n v f e > -; ^ U w wm, r , ij.v r n ; " 7 
B rayaham Grass t - i# # . paw er 
4,11, wmdpws. teat. hit, cruise. AM PM L l . , . . . ” 
"2?., sterna ^ One awner 
8169545 
™ - ' * 

74 6 l4 t C u t le r S. 2 P eer, e lr. 

B r s c E r i i c r H 
I AM PM stereo lope, pawer, a ir, lent HIBB IM A a m H 
IR T T FI l i l i f t M 
75 T Q R Q N 6 D O new tires quo s 
L O A Q tO 1 M I )S)J 
IIL Bitt, 

 pawer brakes, staerina. a m p m 
549-7 
^ 
■a f it s or M9-842) attar i p m H 
6 i W B t>.l>o7u1s<an H I CU'1. 
B a sic T ra n s p a rtg tio n . N eeds 
Body w a rk 
544S sr bes! a H er 
Alter 4 a t P 
A 
I H 
^ ^ ^ ^ H r r d U , battu 
TIT", m il*## # 

SI* 
Im (|mgA aSfmt 46S>#72<6 r.U T T ifff F T 5W RF near m a t i m 
Vn a u tTa n g T U T ~ CkH s e ; m m 

TIT 
PerA Tertne. MU 
M i* t i 127 )84»._________■ 
7? f“6 * o wagon "Fully e a u W e J. excellent cendiften 811»547 

*74 F O R D W A G O N 
Must IOT, taavUtf country! 
E x c e lle n t 
C P P * 
B e st p lte r . s it- 2441 eves. 
I H I r e r J w a e o n One tw n e T 
Excellent shape 51191 1-434-1157 kdHv AFB 7)5 US) i? F G ib - y r - jo u p d / id a ir r u m addd 5475 731 
Ti S^fTxT 

©tier 4 p m iT U i t tM h# CBWiarnM >»A «I^I T very clean 
It8 -4 U ) after f: 
16864883________________________ tinder ctandarT 
Sd ttl Jilt 

?3t li O U i 
^ C T wr m iM TAL iiA iy iv 
56958 J26429 • r r r v r F t r f i T "i 

TT-snsr rn ra d ia l w h iti 

 y n r s w r 

T f n T O S w T c y 

— r r n m r i H £ - z « i T 
Take aver paym ents, cell 
Slim# set a h * a r .Vf-AWS C h TA- V I feodad 

1814 

 t 
: cpnLJ i c * i I«as I t 5198* Altar waddends 494*431# 
I i A l AN ABA i tX m Mo rued m i 
Salesm en p e ttin g Ce c a r. afd ?U9 attar 5 waafcddyS 
U A I AMAPA i i d f f m u t l vail 
Now! 
W ill 
Wnowcd 
CBB 
AIV 1448 
UTA S7«no4d fthU 4 Addr ' asfre c a o n A nice C * 7 il < 
Coll Charles L evin* ti, 

 with extros 53288 4741244 
T I U u s t a A l n R T. M e tc K U c l, d u ff, s ir . m a ts . pa a p r 
New ra d ia ls , b ra k e s , • • © d a s . ta cham atar 5)495 7)5-4887 
I T f ‘H U iT iil iT T h T ir '^ : r e a u ls r aas. tu n r e d f m o a t, 
< ra d ia ls , d a te r in te rip r 
Am tm s ta r* * t i l t s 
R u dy 698 1177, 
4765444 eves 
! ATREUS T i m lr nile new must 
SOH! MHH hold finance Cob Waddy 
45V1461 

44.688 M ILB 8. 55,188 455-6* r e ff n a A W ^Tn r F c .l lanl cdnAi hon 5189) 948 4128 
It R r M R t t i N n B d i T l v e m ; with white vin yl to t. Fully loaded, w ith AM FM tape Cruise (antral 
L e a th e r in te r io r , a lu m in u m w heals, aM . I ) 88# m ile s rih ce tg r 547S4 44142*1 

 l l l-d d d r, A ith 
___ 
Rut a ra a i sh a rp c a rl 
52795 tun e n c * Cad Al G uerre 
222-8984 
H a ir w I I I m l w h ild w a llA lir a s .am Im 
Mer ae. I track Now shdcfch oaed m e c h a n ic a lly 
D a ys 714-1*51, 
Nrtas 486)191 i f ffC b i I i i , U rA W , M int can 
Att•#* A ll Oak Leat *2) 9)85 
6 i l M 41}" I T E x t t ile n l I H M 
25) te fa rd 
Atter 
4. 

»•"©•» end wheels Will hat© fin enc* Com Woody 4)3 1**4 
>1 £ or m ule F ire b ird 154 Auto and loodad w ith e x tro v l i l t ) 
B I U 
S 8l8-587> ofter V 
I HH Pirv 2-door Cudtam MsrtSs I (if* droAI F ris . Choice et colors 
I LBSRbB 44611)1.4562471 
56692 M I 1415 
4f A . r r « u d . . . c l a n , in end 
21 b l A N f l " F i l l 5J 
L d o ld T 
OUI, B ol* a ll Pdwer, a tt tu p *? CLEAN 48.868 mi 52664 or bast i Atty 1856 8269)59__________________ofPar *61 -66** 

741 n Y 
M 
V 
T U n m n r H 

4 T i A i i A g u f e r - » , e i c . n j r 
'T r a n i i B v i L n b ,4 © ,ke m . > 
N M . 5468 or ©PAI offer M M M ; I doer, vinyl roof. ail pawer, deluxe offer s pm 
I 
■ 
■ r w f o i v 

W ill i* * is 
H e n 
! W T W ! MT H 
LIK E NEW. M I U U 
\IU g e n ff lp A iil T ow n d .u p e ; 

TTBgr yr TJiTrT i a a n Ti i r 
1426IAU offer t e m ii luxury U S S T 

 i l l ) dr hardtop Lew mHede 52258 *2 ) 2477 
U g f r I f L l r r v p id W T M K l 
4,888 m i SAMI under new car War- ro o ty 
A u l* , p o w e r. a ir . AM radte I U V* Randy 7U 42M . iT W W y fc ^ H i PuTy. H TH 
'U 
Fork HIH 1265X9 7 )2 )o51 
TO FtytRa d li Fwr y %M*J~~~" 
Bv Ow ner. Leaded AM OM must tipi#- T )4 4 4 ff 
H T T T U 6 U TH H A B BTDP U R 

8)66355. 
I ©wiser I 
B ice Hem 
A tt 8)81 r iT T R r a n r m a t v m r M san nae I 

I 
I 4 l , OOo J td n T 
I ^ 
F l m 
. M 
. 5M 8 t X Z l T 4 » » L « * 
• « » * *55 48) r 
" 
" 
'I III III 4 f 
...... I ,i» l i t * t om©>«l«iy load*© 4J| 1441 
LIX* haw rome is Ceil 
Jim vi-g n m r 

*4W 

Hdsr tsr. moo© 494 sled. 
T i Oran ^ r i x . 'l s ire clean' tie rs ' 
45)45)8 Oder 4 pm 
’T I Sr©# P rix. Looked '-’vCTF'I- ! 
CAR LOW M IL 8 AGC Bv ewnar 
5)295 dr dfter AAI >474 
*rjr-« m P rix !J f lw J comWien 
5898 
M utt sail 
IPHS weak I 
o67743 
I© V T O . Addy c e m # l*2 L g ra n i tend Fred 735 7476 
W CRU BTBSTri "Ut *■ t aw 
"Mies, new Hres. baWo ry. clulch. 
AM PM 51958 sr tra d * Per pickup 
#7 Vu© 457 4754 
I ) LdM ans I p 4 # i, A w te m e lic , 

 rd Ponftoc G ra n t P rix V I. aa 
I ©malic power la c ie r y p it, AM 
PM s le re e lo p e . fa c to ry , m ao ethddiE, one eem er. Law 88R8R8V- 
I ike now 53493 WHI trade 92) I U ) 
; ‘H P o n tia c 6 r a n i W rlx 
Lew mHoops Loaded S IU eauitv. ana assume 6364)41 
'7 2 N u n r iA T T rtiin P rix 1 Mull.1? , leaded 12444 366 M 71 
I I K Mwttjc G rq p P rix, V4t1aw and bleck kharg! Must sell t i lt s win finance 
Call 
Leonard 
Bennett 
222 i f | | 

 i#2) Pontiac ir a n P rix . loaded w ith e v e ry th in g 1 25.444 m ile s 
Real sharp) WHI trade and help finance 
CaH 
Leonard 
Rennet! 
' M U H A i W 
Penflac I r a n P rix , loaded 
I),4*4 miles Win trade ia c rd tc e 
Chart!# Lenin* 272-4984 
TTTFflHTU f g,Vn3~Frl. >JQ b lack 
E x tra c ta a a tt IM N tin- 
N M I av eh ahi* 
CaH 
Ou* 

*F » a * f l« 5 TTT 

/4 3 u t s m u u t t w s AUTOS 

T r W B T f i l v fP f l 'R------- 
A ir, e le c tr ic w in d o w s tm - m ocuiel* cendiiien 
CaH 
Ran 
Wnlkar 
SIO SM 
NORTHWOOD PORSCHE AUDI 
1224 N I Load 416 
814 1114 

 feed 1 u n u m * cand m 

P m Bowse. 
New 

SM 4864 

W ,M f m l a s tre tionsm tssien 
5395 

TTT a c c . ' e l;;" • L Z r ^ Z O T -m - power , a ir law tm 3366456 
. . m 
X t ? r * i m f i r S 
) 
• * 
' P 
- ^ i io n ne* Hie li g e r ti T a— —— , 421 
M 
| W 
W 
: rn m m 

" T T T T 1 T 

 i t t f ne I 
546# M 

5)246 12687)1 

ITW lln ce in ' AlXf W IIT" A$soiuT* tv m m w ew dlBH •» •# * t H w »ui tv eauiq iP d 
CaH Jim Beyers u i g 
L 
_______ 

J & 
S l n 
T i o l4 i 
DRU, 8 to i» n 

I M T H W«f* 
-BU an 
C li* 
JI. 
DV *2*4 
B # si d e a l in le a n 

I 
H R . 

F U F Ia N s # I 

C M 
O Y 
>914 M u sta n s M a ck I. A stereo, pawer steer me. 6 g i g g a s ? « L a - 
•M M S 
IX M is t SN© NI w s 

 a m P m 

4 ? rt 

I 
Jew 

•7 $ L I N C O L N le o n e Cst 
■ (M B B P 
B 
M 

 u r n u * » /j) v r 5 I B T i #osT 
H H ) >11 7t4t 
IT flW»‘ N eisuilf s le r l. n 
47) mop*. 5/254 CBB 

DAV U 6 7 1 II 
"■© H i 5461463 

■ ted New psi pump 
I T V u r f r TB 
‘ ** * * * 
X * 7 .n"« 
I M 
” ” 

■ T O " pawer 68711 

H 
H 
V ! u l t P a ir. hem* ©I " t e n (a rs end ir u tk * 
_ _ _ _ _ _ _ 
U H CWahrp tee Frank L *rm e wodan leaded J»a » M» t deal vea cen I rouse 

W T I le n n p v tfi'd Coupe U e ia d ' 
VIS*) 8>ue Whit* • in vt lo * lf ©dial lite * U l t J I) 
TT T IT H IHI I e te n c y 

 vtTvd n i lI '1*1 

H e r 4 
T X T 

 is 'S i Si ANO NI W I 

-------------mu i f s iii n e w wm dom Boone# Cad O V 
421 1468 
TT t a M i d . a ^ a k l f U n I i 

 am cu in. via yi b e . B in h r d N 
5M5 6)68471, AH 5415 
W N f i u c I tn n a v Ute ireud N m n 
L e a d e d ) la s * Ik o n I M m ite s 

 i m 
^ U 
-c le n n e Ville i l r . 'd» puwer heeds same bedv w o rk, runs geo# 5475 4)54549 
W T m C iT dWUna V I ewUm# tx pawer fa d e r* att new radm i lira s •ice p fte n e M * (lo a n 514*5 
WHI trade h i SU ) i r m s sB* 
T ustam i n , 
Oaad cendMten A ir pawer 

1 

 en#.,.* r $♦••* 

 setuH ve Raj, 

"p e a iT___ 
I rag Yrddgr hitch siSSJ ar 

Md 1975 er 494 5191 
F'palltac 8 » *ru ity e Air pew* st eer mg I rah a* u n SU tin 

I s ast VV ANO NI W I 

 a r r law tire s 
4969444 PT 4469659 atter 4 

' * 7 1 N W TIAg H II BTKP ll W t door. air. aula pawer, tap* deck 
Clpgn pst in 5 A Coli MW* 4) 6 1441 
'4) W <m ac LtlU ans ti auge V 8 

 new t i m w H M rU d 915 IU ) 
' * 
■"'H k & i i m f le tt e r - ™ 
Assume paym ents can 9)4 5424 i l X w h o . l U r c ^ n eaky gaej. runs peod. S IU 124 9)1# r m h T n r r r i ^ - A u a ,. rpmahc PH Fde>4f 828 U M 
IT W flP O fefV BflSTk R a lghBqEi 
I Pee? a u le m a tu , V B . a p a r ste a rin # b ro s e s a n . P ite lie n l cbnOHian 51471 451 U24 
' t r l i B W r T p n f u f # I deer m ooed take ever p o ym e n n , no te u 'lt cai! I rn** *61 MJI iW n i r r i i f g?si?m war. 
'a a a a d la b * w a r p a y m e n ts , 
■ squatr B rnt* M I U U 

SIME REPOSSESSIONS 

AVAILABLE 
B A N K ft A T I F IN A N C IN G 
SUPERIOR PONTIAC m BROADWAY 
227 W I 

T R A O C W IN D S A u ld S o los 
* W f F IN A N C E * 
IM I SW M ILIT A R Y 
922 U S I 
WT fcUV < fIT 
3 
U8RO CARS ANO TR U C K ) 

K I N N E Y M O T O R S 
1938 BROADWAY 
8)6321) 

744 
C 
H 
T N 
M /!o C A U S , IT M 

K A C U K C A W 
BHBTGBS p —~ i to g in * b u ilt Ie rg c# Could be } f £ used IP stre e t red M any e x tra * “ p a rt* included 51466 
241 79)4, 

LARGE 
AUCTION 
TRACTORS 6 
TRAILERS 
Thursday, february 24th 
1o:oo AJA. (CST) 
DALIAS, TEXAS 
WI IT KOOK TRUCKING 
I UGL NI ALLIN TRUCKINO 
DAVIS CA m f CO. 
W t id * Berth Hebdoy Im gt 
O^F* Arr peri. Hay IM 8 (Hen 

115 TRACTORS 

CONVfNTIONAlS 
Twa— 1477 Paaaahtha. 38© 
Cummin*. 
Cia* aw. 
Serow*, lo ** than 2o.ooo mdai. 
Thway— 1974 thaw 197© Po- 
•arbtitx. 
Kanwaaah*. 
WMto 
PraigWknar*. 
Mark *. 
Ola- rn and Pad. 4 *o . 4oo. ISO , l i t , 
IOO 
Cemw hi*. 
43S, 
3 )6 , 
)7 o Ca* , 
Ma aid* na, hrawi 
CABoVERS 
1 46* — ! 474 thru 
197o 
P fS *R N .fs o S3* Cummin*, 
SSI ( o h Saaow* 
Tw am y— 1 47* dm© 
197© 
Kanwaaeh*. 4oo. ll© , l l * 
Cummin!. 
871. 
ISO . 
H S 
©arr arr* ill CON . ber a w l 
TM***— 1476 
Wry 
144© br a lu m nal * 4*o . las, leo 
Cummin* 
$21 
Co*., 
I l l 

’ w a m y ltm ” 
’ # / ! 
Ona 

SO TRAILERS 

' . i ! z i - S z ' s k -1 ^ 
-—Ax.— -A M-lk. . Tat* a y n. 
*•■■■••* “ • g 

Tarry — 147o 
MWW 
1444 
ABM8h ArR I hnanMmk.a 
IF MAM m 
^ t 
F ■■P. • 

55'. l 6 ^ » $ '^ * - 6 3 ^ i r k 

R u m OR CAU WR 
CCNRPUTl MOOtURt to, 

T 
A 
Y 
L 
O 
R i 

M 
A 
R 
T 
I N 
I N 
C 
. 
Auction**!? 

P. o . I g i 34 V 

IrpG M Nit, Ne B f ©ok© GAO 2 5 

Ph: 4o2/721-45oo 

©tab WW art 
* o 2 -7 1 7 .1 * * o 
6o8/789-8164 
4o3/787-4383 

I I H Audad © to* Per w k * en d in * isb u p e t. I f 4ut Sal bad, 5) 
4" Spr'la W TKgyy an. 

 a an# i un 
T 

1RUCIS I 

TMU1 M tB S il 

F*'« ave ■ lr e*i*r SI ME M i 5o14 

 j w ' b L T n m n m n P T K r e iy * * k e d v , w ilh la p end te w b e r 

741 
TRUCKS I CDMUfttlCiAL 

 u u u u w .m ts 

*4 Charr OMI Pickup, *©*4 Hres I l e u S U J ') /__________ 

 tat w and UEC D 
ToUCK PARTI 
BOQS8 v t L l t i l UBI r r i w w a r r r n u z c $ 
US PUObANO 7 
174 t i l t 

ARMY [ROCKS 
464 WB < At L M IB S fre e h o ld lu u m m e n i JU 1*54 
88 61iT T v n c 'V f rn N u 
( ta** Out sat* pa ak Guaseaeck 
Y radars III# 5 P tar e t UA A ll) 

San Antonio EX P R ES S -N EW $ ~ S u n d a y fe b ruary 2o 1 9 7 7 

746 - TRUCKS & COMMERCIAL 746 • TRUCKS 6 COMMERCIAL 
TRAILERS. BUSES _ _ _ _ _ _ _ TRAILERS, BUSES 

CAMPERS TRAILERS 

746 • TRUCKS & COMMERCIAL 
TRAILERS, BUSES 
_ _ _ _ _ _ sits 

★ USED TRUCKS * 

, i n r n n . FMO, cabin chablis, 4-speed, 2-speed oui*. 
o 7 rU K U dual 3o gallon tanks, will toke a 16 to IS foot bod. 

WT 9ooo Tnndom Diesel Tractor, SSO Cum mins 1o-speed cab, dual IOO .« m n gallon tanks, sliding 5th wheel . O J ll ll 

£2oo Cargo Vnr., 3o2 V-8, automatic, power steering, IW Base, ladder rack. 

Club Cab, 318 V-8, automatic, air con 

'72 Ford Ti fort pickup LW b, VT, 
4 sod., p o w e r b ra k e s . M O. bumpers, Cattle guard, wide tires. 
A R eal Stout W ork T ru c k ! B v owner. 31/75. Sequin: 1-372-o189 
75 F O H D >xton pickup. Hanger 
X L T , auto air. pow er steering, 
I brokes 5365o. 561-4511 i 48 F O R D >« ton, 34o VU, 4-speed. 
59oo 441-4511 

68 FORD 

’7o FORD 

 y«w a V \ I T V I" vtusl vCIO, a lo uUivfriafic, air con 
/ 4 U U U w C ditioned, AM radio, step j a . a a bumper, rear flipper seats . . . J I U U 

7 4 DATSUN 
Pickup, 
4-speed, radio, step bumper 
AM 
19 9 5 

HEMPHILL MCCOMBS FORD 
TRUCK CENTER 
4721 W. Commerce at General McMullen 
Call Bob Clarkson or Wally Henderson • 435-4o71 

72 F O R D ta ton, 34o VS, 4-speed. 
51495 441-341! 
74 F O R o >4 ton, V 8. 4 speed 
528oo 441 4511____________________ 
I 73 Ford Van Club Wagon power, air. Like new! 826-9545, 695-8o54 
66 F O R D V a n , 6 CVI std , paneled, carpet, new paint. 
923-1238 
72 F O R D V A N extra clean. 
___________ 695 8o54 
VS, auof., radials, bed, carpeted, paneled, stereo. 
522oo. 694-76o5 
73 Ford V S standard SW 6 52o75 
74 Ford 4 standard ' ?ton .. 52o75 
74 Chevy loaded LW B 
52975 
2o2 New Laredo Hwy 924 2211 
7 5 F 156 Super Cab, loaded, 2 tanks, 29,ooo mi. ow ner 545oo 
W ill take older truck in trade, 
924 5217 eves, w eekends_________ 
36 tt Gooseneck Trailer", I '* 3o tt 

MS MoToRCVCU8-SCM1FRS 

K A W A S A K I D U N S T A L 9o3CC. 
14oo miles. 655-2111._________ 
K aw asaki 45o. 1948 Good cond, extra frame. Vt engine. 2 helmets 
568o 73o2 Scotland eves 
~974 K aw asaki M o" bood cond., 
35oo mi. 51895 656-7121 
75 K A W A S A K I 4oo. Immaculate, low miles, fully dressed A M radio. 
5875. 658-6798.____________________ 
76 kaw asakl. K Z M ), only 6oo mi, electric start, 595o 691 1991 

68 K A W A S A K I 
* 
Needs work 673 4974. 
M ust sell 71 Honda 125. Lots of extras 5185 667-1o27______________ 
74 Norton 8o5 (tom. Custom Best 
Ofter. Good. 734-4231 
73 N O R T O N 75o Interstate 595o 

* 
8 - 

5 
* 
* 
4 
* 

* 
4 -yfym 

4 
4 

★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ^ 
W A SH IN G T O N ’S 
BIRTHDAY SALE 
UNLINED 
PICKUP CAM PER COVER 

INSTALLATION 55 

B M RMTR. WoTBIL8 
SIO NTOtLE BONttS SAlE 
RIO - MOBIL! MM tS SAU 
_ 
Qnn RUILDINE tAATTRIALS 

L i f t s * 1 8 9 . 

 bed 5295o 532 4151 ______________ 
1946 4oft Hobbs refrigerated von. 
1o-2o spoke, Therm o 
555oo 
667 147o atter 

2 SALES! 
I st Sole: 

FLORESVILLE BUS LINES to be soM at 
Charlie's Truck Ports loop 4)o A S. Zori amora 
San Antonio, Toxas 
FEBRUARY 24 
THURSDAY 
1o oo a m 
197o Oldsmobile limousine 
1965 Checker limousine 

2nd Sale: 
TRI-STEEL COMPANY 

SW on 1-35 (4.5 miles off loop 

41o) to FM16o4 N I mile to 

Robert Glenn turn right 
San Antonio, Texas 
FEBRUARY 24 - THURSDAY 
1:oo p.m. 
196/ IHC Truck/Tractor, ST; 1962 
IHC 17oo loadstar, 2T, steel bed, 
Tulsa Winch; 
196S Chevrolet 
Clothed. W T.; 19/3 Frgehoul 
Platform Trif; Craftsman Drill 
Press,- Forney 
Welder; Steel; 
Alum. Boat, Jigs; Dies, Wells 
Band Sow, Model WY; Boldor 
Grinder 

T x G C - 7 6 - o 2 7 5 

For Brochure Contact: 

 d rie s t ( t . (th i\ 
AUCTIONEERS 
’. 
. 
41o1 W IST 14TN 
A M A ItllO l l I AS t o e I S I I S O I 

72 Chevy Suburban, loaded, low mileage, excellent condition 526oo 
448-16o1 
74 C H E V Y Suburban 
4-wheel dr loaded .......... 54495. 
74 C H E V Y Crew Cab 
I ton Dually, loaded 
54595. 
75 F O R D F 25o 
Super cob, loaded 
53995 
72 C H E V Y Suburban 
Extra clean, loaded 
S249S. 

C E . L I T T L E F I E L D 
A U T O S A L E S 
731 S F M IL IT A R Y D R 922 2793 
74 C M F V Y S U P E R Cheyenne 
LWB, auto arr, power, 454 engine. 
Call Ron W alker .............. 53995 
N O R T H W O O D P O R S C H E A U D I 
1326 N E Loop 41o 
___________824 3214_____________ 
73 thevy ta ton pickup Cam per shell, low mi 337 8525 
(973 C H E V Y i) ton p ic k u p 
C heyenne Super, fully loaded. 
826 9565, 495-8o56_________________ 
Ion Silv e ra d o , 28 

Full 13’6” 
King unit 
7pm_____________ 
7 3 F ISO ta ton, tender boxes, sta n d a rd V 8, 5175o C o ll Tom 
McCabe 923-4353 M on F ri 8-5. G i­ rard M achinery & Supply 3428 
Roosevelt________________________ 
'66 G M C hull ton. new V 6 engine, tiros, lum ber rack, tool box; 4 speed Irons I 995-2755 weekends or atter 6 weekdays. 
T T gm C S iE R R A " 6 R A N D E Fbi ly loaded, m u st sell w ithin IO days! 526oo 648-1o73 
73 6 m t ' J ton SW B , i W heel drive L ike new, m any extras. 
Low m ileage. See at 62oo W est 
Ave , 9am to $ pm. 
6 feANDE F O R D T R U C k S A L E S 
IM IO and W W White Road 
661-4121 
75 h 6 n O A 55o Four 51oo(1 Call 
822-o313 atter 5 p m ______________ 
'76 International Loadster luoT 
25,ooo miles, air conditioned, ex­ cellent condition, has 2o’ box, 
226-5526 

7 7 C hevy miles Auto power 
8269565 
72 

Olr, 924 399o, 

In te rn a t io n a l T r u c k s 
715 Sieves A v e __________ 534 5471 
68 international Trovelall 

C H E V Y equipped 51495 
3212 S.W M ilitary D r 
74 Chevy 

 ton s ta n d a r d 

923-174o ton, 4-WD. loaded!! 

A U C T IO N ! 
FEBRUARY 24 - THURSDAY 
TRUCKS 
(KAUHI 
LIMOUSIN! S 
1 9 /o CMdswvsbiW* 
1965 Chwrket ltmou$i«e to be solcl ai 

C h a r l i e s T r u c k P a r t s l»Dp 41o A S / .T U M .. 
Wk Ant**** Irioi 

1 9 6 / IM C Truck Tractor, 5 T 
1 9 6 ? IN C 1 /o o looctocH, 2 T , 
St«»l 6*wi, Tulva W inch 
1 96 5 Owvrokpt flatbed, 
T 
1 9 /3 fruehaui Platform Trtt, dual. 
To fie S old at 

T R I - S T I I L C O M P A N Y 
SWM LIS 14 S MW, ort 
Im p 4I«) ta HR IMM k I M in iv lawn Ohm 
IwahfSl liOC 76o175 

E R N E S T S T . C L A I R , i n c 
41o1 W IST M T H STRUT 
AMARILLO, TIX AS 7*1 o9 
ROA 353-15o3 

828 6355 atter I 694 o3o3_________ 
58 C h e vy tru ck, 327, 3-speetl, wide tires, dual exhaust 653-4721 otter 5 p m _______________________ 
73 Chevy Van, 14', all alum inum 
; 7o International 5 ton V an with lift 923-35/3______________________ 
76 C M F V Y VAN , fully equipped, custom interior, with TV, 5825o 
Sql Tlmoeus, 221-2812____________ 
; '71 C H E V Y VAN , good condition 
VS, automatic 51975 923 7747 
75 C H E V Y V A N . m a g s, Side pipes, skylight, setereo, fully car­ peted, 69o 1446 
>5 C H E V Y VAN , SW B. Standard 
;V 8, air, custom interior Ow ner 
[Jim 684-4oo4 

• 7 2 C H E V Y V A N 
Toke over paym ents, no equity, 
!call John Slimp. 349-4948 
75 C H E V Y VAN , VS 35o, window all around, excellent condition 
54ooo 923-6o77, atter 6 
I 
76 C H E V Y V E R S A V A N 
Executives Van 
51o,5oo. completely loaded. V ery jlow mi Like new 226-o791________ 
IChevy VS 4 wheel drive, outomo tic, pow er, v e ry clean 
52895 
12,ooo miles 341 oo55 
_________ 
71 D A T SU N pickup with cam per shell, lip lop shape, new tires, ibottery, alternator, brakes, mu! tier, seat co v e rs 518oo or best jotter 667 1376 

514oo Coll 461 4511 
H IN T E R N A T IO N A L V 8 to, air, 5195o 934 7747 
IN T E R N A T IO N A L 
65 
IN T E R N A T IO N A L 
Lodestar 
2o' stake bed, excellent condition. 
Call 653 2139 
T i i n t e r n a t i 6 n a L 
T R A V E L A L L Loaded, I owner, excellent 51695 
U IS B R O A D W A Y 
223 1549 
1971 IN T E R N A T IO N A L 4 wheel d riv e cre w cab p ic k u p tru c k 
, 826 9565, 495 8o54_________________ 
71 international Scout ll 4-wheel drive Lots of exros, one owner 
! 826 9565, 695 8o56 
! 
71 IN T L T R A V E L a L L 

924-o177 eves. 
■75 Norton iso. 5X1oo miles, elec. sta rt 
H iw o y o n d S is s y b o r. 
734-8712 Oft 6pm________________ 
F o r t s 
C h o p p e r fra m e w ith j 
Springer front end Needs welding ! 
545. 
2 
Honda 
3o5 motors 55o I 
927-2668 

 s a n A n t o n i o c y c l e s a l e s 
K A W A S A K I Soles, Service, Parts 
313 N A K O M A ____________ 494 5254 
S ilv e r 1975 C l 2oo V H on d a, sharp, 2,3oo m iles, e x tra s S575 firm MIK S 684-3653 or 732-2143 
1976 iu p e r g lld e 
H A R L E Y 
D A V ID S O N 5,ooo m iles. M o k e otter 534-1347 ask tor JJ 
Su iu ki G T 38o, Excellent Cond! lion low m ileage, m ake offer. 
458-3452, 452-365o.________________ 
73 S u iu k i G T 38o 
Low m iles, 
W indiam m er i i i , crash bar, lug­ gage rack. 341-479o 

* 
♦ 
* 
♦ 
♦ 
J 8’ CABOVIRS starting................ 

 rn 
* 
* 
♦ 
* 
3329 S.W. Military Dr. 

ALL OTHER PICKUP SHELLS IN STOCK 
IU *2o OFF REGULAR PRICE !!! 

‘ 1 5 9 5 

H E I M E R , 

C A M P E R r S A L E S 

9 2 4 - 8 3 3 6 it it ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ' i r k ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ £ 

T H E S ID E DO OR 
Used Honda parts to fit alm ost any Honda made. M any 75o and 
O L parts. Wheels, tanks, seats, and disc broke front-ends. 5716 
M O B U O . 
( C o r n e r 
L o o p 
41o-Bandera). 684-4749 

 w o ST m 
77 Hondo C L 175. Excellent cond! 
Less than 8,ooo nu New engine, 7 new helmets, m ony extras. M ust see to appreciate 474-59o6. 
■'i i Y A M A H A 366 t t Enduro d.rt bike 55oo, best otter 656-83oo 
•ti Yam aho 4oo E n d u ro b ra n d new cond.1 58oo 655-4828 

72 YAMAHA IOO 
Excellent cond., 525o. 494-5487 
~Vomaha (roil bike '75 mwl<‘T 
425-5o19 
73 Yam aha tx-6$o. Pristine, /SOO ml 59oo. 484-2214 
76 Y am aha Y io o t. Good cond 
5375 firm. 681-o431 aft S 

75o 
MANTO AUTOS, TRUCKS, 
TRAILERS, MOTORCYCLES 

Buy Junk Oars-lron Etc ftorco 927 3711-633-2o1o uch for dean cars and truck 
Cash for cloan cars and trucks. 
Larry Cannon Auto Sales 
$43o San Pedro 
828-6355 
9 iii4 2 2 

¥ 

ANNUAL FREE CAMPING SHOW 
Sponsored by San Antonio's largest Travel Trailer Dealer 

TR AVELTOW N TEXAS, IN C 

15o TENT CAMPERS ★ TRAVEL TRAILERS 
5th WHEELS + MOTOR HOMES + USED CAMPERS 
SPEGAL PRICES FOR THE SHOW 
STARTS: FRIDAY, FEBRUARY IS thru SUNDAY, 
FEBRUARY 2oth 
OPEN: 9 til Dark, Friday, 9-6 P.M. Saturday 1-5 Sunday 
96oo IH 35N. 
653-6711 
★ ★ Across from Howard Johnson’s 

ISOLDI 2-24ft 
COBIA 
ONE DAY: 
* 
Ste NOW before 
Nr/Mrs Al 
Stretto, 
Stockton, 
CAUFORMA 
I kb/Mr 
Don I 
Bientt watt of KLLCKST FUNEtAl 
HOME, SJI. Both twins. white/blue, 
73Shp 3S1V8 Ford OMC. 3 huge 
FLOW! tee/fish chests, stem bait- well, outriggers, 4 swivel armchairs. 
Custom GALY trailer, SHAKES etc. 
Hr Also see 77 COBIA 22, 21ft 
NOW: open or CAMM, cutty or stan­ dup w/ffyfxidge upper controls. 
YOUR 24ft COMA Caribbean will | arrive mid-March; choke seedbeds, swivel armchairs, or both. Hastenhg deposit now cinches W M T 9 deal. 
COMA CAMUS ride level, dry, 
STAM!. SAH. Get KO O B demo 
3 See '77 deals, 76 S H A I* 
GIASSMASTERS: 14’ to I BVS ft, M or ewtbowrd, 
OMC or 
MerCnMor, p4aM or ptash, 
NON-boxy trikuRi or deep V. 
* Used Owners; G IA N 25hp elec start, remote controls, on 14rt glass runabout, trailer etc tint $695 gets it 
(here). 
Mere 
65hp on 
16' 
Sport!raft bownder SI 5oo. Others to 
S59oo, R I penalty 
BARBERA SPORTS 
323 Broadway at 4th PABK FIEF 
SO morine years in S A 227-2112 
9-6 pm Thins Nit* 9 p.m. 
L 
Closed Sot. 

SPECIAL FEBRUARY SALE 
! 4 ’X 7 o ' H O L ID A Y Q U A L IT Y H O M E 
2 -b e d re e m > , I bath. Front d en w ith b o r an d b e a u tifu l b a y w ind ow . 
Fully furn. 
Fully carp e te d . 
A ir cen- d itiened, central heat. W a s h e r A d ry e r included. 
PRICED TO S E L L ............................... ♦. $ 7 9 9 9 . 

A M E R IC A N M O B ILE A M O D U L A R H O M E S O f S A. INC. 

273o S.W. MILITARY 
9 2 2 -7 1 9 1 /9 2 2 -o 4 4 I 

 rotes, prepay w/OUT 

8o? - MOTOR HOMLa JI iii KUMI 
8o2 - MOTOR HOWS SAUS RENT 

C A SH F O R JU N K C A R S 

4o F LO A T , 734 4648 
74 J E E P W agoneer 6 WD. 12,86o miles. Auto air, pow er brakes, steering. A M - F M stereo radio. 
Hi Lo range 
565oo 735-3641 or 
684 757o 
L A R G E A S S O R T M E N T L A T E 
M O D E L H E A V Y D U T Y 
D IE S E L T R U C K T R A C T O R S 
HOFFER TRUCK CO 
I 798 3254 
IN T E R N A T IO N A L T R U C K 
S A L E S A N D S E R V IC E 
PO Box 411 Hallettsville,Tx 

65 Dodge Camper van pop top 6, steeps 5 5175o, 494 5186 _________ I 
1974 Dodge Club doh pickup Low 
L W B 
F u lly e q u ip p e d 
E x t r o clean Call Jim Beyers 222-o986 
73 D O D G E P IC K U P Loaded, low mileage 
5245o 
Long 
Wide 
734-2o54 
‘i i Dodge pickup. Auto , 4 cyl., 
16738854 atter 5 pm 
74 D O D G E Pickup Looks runs 
I great 52195 342 2o93 
64 Dodge pickup 6 cyl stand , trailer hitch Needs rings 5325 or hest Otter 651 85o8 

Lease Operators Wanted! la x le Tractors and Trailers. 
924 7273; 333-5894 
197s Lufkin, 4o flatbed 7o,666 lb trailer, 55,5oo 461 3677 
I 77 LUV, new overhaul, brakes, clutch tires 5165o 344 2oo1 
N EW and U S E D bum pers Light weight to heavy duty For all su e s of pickup trucks 924 4551-2o2 New 
I Laredo H w y _____________________ 

P I C K U P S 
•75 F O R D 1 it, long wide ... 51895 
'75 O O O G E 1 it. long wide . 51895. 
I *73 C H E V Y tat utility ...... 
51991. 
•74 C H E V Y ’it. long wide 
5159$. 
•73 F O R O, 1 it. stepslde 
51295. 
■72 C H E V Y ' j! long wide 
51295. 
68o3 SO U TH F L O R E S 

PAY TOP PRICES 
For wrecked cars and Trucks 
A l A U T O P A R T S 
222-1o11 

C A R S •QUICK CASH# 
A N D T R U C K S R U N N IN G 
O R NOT! 
224-724$ 
S E L L IN G Y O U R C A R ? 
Hi p ric e s p aid for cle a n c a rs- I 
Trucks, etc. 222 1 342 
' 
7 i L4 side by side troller, tact com p artm e n t and sad d le ra ck e x c e p tio n a lly c le a n 
51995, 
533-1871 or 649-1544. f S P 6 6 ' l L A r ! 
J U H N c a rs . trucks, scarp. 125 mi. radius San 
Antonio 342-5o1o 

THE V A N SUBSTITUTE 
LOOK BEFORE Y O U BUY A V A N ! 
• Sdf-Contained 

 rn 9 

• Sloops Six 

• Running Water 

• No larger Than 

A Van! 

13o6 AUSTIN HWY. 
M o b ile T ra ve le r 
824-3248 
18 5 

* FREE Boot Trailer 
* FREE Accessories 
* FREE Remote Controls 
Filii iovY HunUrfdi of Dollar, npw 

• A W OOL M A B IN I 
'7 6 M o d a l C lo w n * * 
B o a t R ia S o l- 
R A N D O L 
M A R IN I wilt moo- 
Jo?'OK»n oulhoordi 
Ikon anyone vim in 'fin Son Antonin area 
R A N D O L M A R IN I ii it,, only 
John ion outboonj Deoirr Viol ii 
AAA rn fed in 
Service rn the 
Soufhyreil* 
A A A S t R V IC ! a n d 
« 1 in S o la s 
Y o u C o n t t e a t rh# B e i d 
So get the bell deoi you ran then than R A N D O L M A R IN I and ,a.« on boort, motort cmd haiferi 
W a itry a n d S a il U t a d 
R o o ts, M o to rs , T ro b e rt 
So. D o n 't G o m b le 
S H O R R A N D O L 
Y o u ’v e T ria d the R e tt 
N o w Try the R IST !!! 

^ € U t d U 

S o le s 4 S e rv ic e 
I 2 o 7 W . H ild e b ra n d 

TOP MONEY PAID! 
For your Cor, or Truck Running or not1 Any condition, also Junks 
1921-3838 
USED CARS CLEAN 
SMITH CHEVROLET 
1771 B R O A D W A Y ________223 4283 

• W E B U Y * 
JU N K C A R S T R U C K S 
: Ask 
For 
Corine 
435-21o3 

TINDALL M O TO R H O M ES 

R e m e m b e r : 
“ lf y o u d o n ’t b u y y o u r m o t o r h o m e f r o m T in d a ll y o u w ill p a y t o o m u c h . ” 

 a cs a a i a 75 tt. motor home, like new, 
I i C A S A N A only 76,ooo miles, fully self 5 1 a q q q contained, complete Fiberglass cooch ............. 
I ta j Y O O 
• j a PR A W I FP ^ ^ *rovel trailer, sold new as 
* M w aw I K R equipped for over 5/ooo,1- 
*4488 owner, only 

’ 7 A U i i m C G U C C C I’ trovwl trailer, self con 
IO V Y l l U l K N t ) ) toined, tandem wheels, 6o gallon waler reserve lank, 2 holding tanks, used twice, Towner 
...........................................*3988 

4 6 o o S A N P E D R O 
7 3 6-1 561 or 7 3 6 -1 5 6 8 O N SAT. 

A CRAFTY DEAL! 
Sm largest Stock Ivor af 
71' Cruise DeebV OH Shore 
Cutty Cabins, Full Cabins, Open 
Bow Riders. Stem Olive and O B. 

21' Cruise SKIPPER, 14o OMC, 
Trailer Under S/ooo! 
Open Sat. cmd Sun til 6 p j*. 
HOLIDAY MARINA uke McQueeney 

5 1 2 - 5 5 7 - 6 6 2 2 

8o2 MOTOR Nones sato r i 

'74 O P E N R O A D 2o' D o d g e 
! C h a ss is , low ml. a x tro clean. 
5795o. 923-7174 

COMPLETE MONS OBOT COMPUTER SYSTEMS 
Idoal for Small Expanding businesses 
— Full Accounting Programming — 

MONROtOT » 2K COMPUTER, I IBM 1/o Selects typewriter, I mognetk card device, I paper tape reoder, I paper tape punch, I 1/o buHer, I 
Monrobot PO 3 odd punch.................................. $175 par month 

(IM M Purchase 6o months) 

MONROBOT TO 2K Computer, TWO IBM 1/o Selectrk typewriters, I magnetic card devke, I paper tape reoder, I paper tape punch, 11-o buHer, 
I cabinet-short console, I BCR add punch................. 
$275 par month 
(1m m PurchoM , 6 o mat.) 

Numerous computer programs (additional ones available) and several thousand mognetk cards included. 
For more inform ation call 
Newman long and Assoc. - 733-8118 

8o4 BOATS, MOTORS 

•76 Weilcratt 24 ft Sports Fisher man. W alk A round Cutty Cabin 
Rig For Gulf and Bay Fishing all 
E x tra s. F u ll C a n o p y F o rw a rd 
Hood BO H rs R unning Time, 351 
Ford VS Engine Inboard and Out b o a rd m e rc ru lz e r re a r d rive . 
Perfect Condition 51o,ooo L o u is 
Kendrick Daytim e 78o-2495, night 
78o-2882 Karnes City 

8o6 SPORTING GOODS 

A T T E N T IO N C O L L E C T O R S 
C u sto m 25-o6, stock - L a w so n thumbhole, Na. 6 exhibition grade quilted maple. D ouglas prem ium borrel, Leopold 3x9 scope with duplex cross hairs. $5oo, serious inquiries only. 142-2718. 
66LF 
76 P ro -Lin e Isl flight F T D irons, like new, 513o or bast otter 675-1972 
_____________ 
Over lobo Guns to Choose From 
B U Y — S E L L — T R A D E 
Am erican Loan 

SERE M ART ^ 
6o1 Florida • $54-o751 
DISCOUNT 
Building Materiel Store 
Alum Extension ladders, I4-28H. $294o-576.o6 
Wire mesh, Sft.xlSOft. roll IO ga. $33.95; 6 go. $64.o5 
Barb wk«, 8o rod length, 12'/? go., 
2 pt................ 
$16.95 roll 
4 ft. Alum. Platform ladder 
................$19.8B 
All purpose ext. latex................. $3.49 gal. 
5 gal.....................$14-95 
4-ton highlift jock 
$34.95 
4 gal Heady Mix punt compound............. w*-7* 
TRU TEST 3o gal natural gas arete: heater................... $o7-95 
Gaseout-Redwood stain $2.69 gal. 
Kwik-set knobs- passage $2.95; bathroom $4.$9; bedroom $4.49, fn*Y *4-95 
12 ft. lincoleum . $2.49 up sa vd 
Metal lothe, 2x8'.......... $*•” 
•IU) MART carries Tau-TISI point - sated tram 13*o custom colors. 

MacNrCkergs a 8eak»asrtcert 

81o MOBILE HOMES SALT 

Winchester Model 76 .375 Holland and Holland M a g n u m with tour pawer scope, Redfield rings and mount plus sling. $275. 337 7723. 

8o8 HUNTING & FISHING 

2o A C R E S H I L L C O U N T R Y 
O n la n c e line of la rg e ra n ch , m any deer, turkey, Javellna. 5495 dow n p avm e n , 577.22 p er mo. 
Owner financing available. Call 
714-7964 
I T 
U v a ld e 
Co, d e e r, paym ents 
542.9o. ac 
53oo-take 
S34-89o5 
4) D o d o * H O G A N 'S H E R O E S type Com m and car. 4-whl drive, I ton, runs great I *2ooo 826-o577 

BV SERVICE 
M IS S IO N T R A V E L C E N T E R 
13o6 Austin Hwy 824-3248 
W ont To B uy M otor Hom e Any 
M ake 
Any 
656-/119 
Model 
6S8-744I, 

PREREORMANCE VANS 
OE AMERICA 
1976 D od ge Street V an S ilv e r [C ustom a c c e ss o rie s tor V a n s, metallic with blue custom interior : Pickups, mini trucks, R V 't p a c k a g e 
A ll p o w e r, w ith re- 
Fro m sm all installations to 

V A N S 
• l l CHIVY M4UVKXI 11 aet I. 
7 * leeaw 
.......... 
8 8 8 8 o . 

• T S tom Ck* M ecca Ckelee* 
7 4 l l a e . l e a M 
BISSO 

’7 3 h S Z mmom 
I JLA BOOM VSH, » <fl , o y UoalUnt 
$1 SSO. 
IY C (MVT M U M 
7 4 U e 4 e 4 ............ 
B U S O . 
T A. LITTLEFIELD AUTOS 
311o S i Milrtory 
924 8S66 

^ In g e r o t o r , b e d , s t e r e o . etc, 
'O rig in a l cost $89oo Sa crific e S68oo 
494 6144__________________________ 
6t D O O G C Telephone truck with h eadach e ra c k $4oo J44 22o1 t i b O D O E ton 
B E S T O F F E R ' 141-3933 
’T T D o d g e 
; io n p ic k u p 
S W S ) sta n d ., 6 c y l 
M u g w h e e ls, out- isla n d in g c o n d ' O n ly 28,ooo m ile s 
{M a k e otter 44o F a ir c h ild L a c k - 
[lan d A F B ; 473-549o. 

'76 D O D G E T R U C K 
O IOO. C o m p a r she ll *5oo equity, or trode o n d take over p a y m e n ts 
; B est otter. 455-4639 after 7 p m or 

|* 7 b 6 o G E V A N c o n v e r t e d 
: 563oo J e rry, 234-o741 o-6P M 
* 73 D o d g e V a n 6 c y l . std s h a g carpet, c a p ta in 's c h a irs, a m tm 
528oo 65 5 8485 
O R IV E IN T A U C K i A L V A D E 
P I C K U P T R U C K P A R T S 
2o2 L a re d o H w y 924 4551, 924 6S52 
48 E L C A M IN O 454 
Auto . 595o 344 143o til E L C A M IN O fully equipped, 
51695 
3312 S W M ilita ry 923 176o 

73 EICAMINO S229S 
V I, autom atic, pow er 
... 52295 
J A M IS O N M it t Se qu in 221 52o1 
# 25o F o rd 
Ion, 4 wheel drive, fully loaded, air, outo all pow er 
E x t r a g a s la n k 
U n d e r 2o,ooo m ile s 824 6681 
>J B r o n c o S a n g e r a ir , V I , 4 I f o r d B ro n c o 48 V I, four w heel wheel drive, p ow er steering, auto, id r ! v * ' ° 
, r ' r « o r s o o t , $1 69 5, 

7 5 4 - l i R t s p a n s acc8Sso rte s 

Auto d o r m s . R e o so n o b le p ric e d q u a lit y w o r k in s t a lle d a t y o u r hom e Coll 734-8335 
____________ 
A utom otive fools and equipm ent. 
Atter 4:3o, 341-7o18 
49 V a m a A 6 S S B o d y , S 't 6 o 
D o u g N a sh Su p e r T IO, 2.64 N ic ke l g e a rs 5475 C o m o ro H e a d e rs 55o. 
! 427 T unnel R a m 51oo 658-8654 

8o1 CWHIPFR^TRAHEBS’ 

 c o m ­ plete V a n C o n v e rsio n s, 
1o722 P E R R I N B E I T E L 656 844o 
72 R a n c h e ro im m acu late , auto., air, p ow er ste e rin g $o2 engine. 
5185o 673-1971 otter 6 p m 
I * 7 i R a n g e r •< fan p ic k u p d u a l 
_____________________________________ tan ks, too) box. a n d full p o w e r 
: 4 C orve tte R a lly e Wheels. 1974 
V e ry s h o r p ! ' 
C oll R o n W o o d s ; 51oo for all Atter I:IO : 532-o968 
272o984 

75 R A N G E R X L T F 25o, ’jfon 
5425o 141-3911 

^ 
A n t o n i o t r U c k S------- 

C E N T R A L T IR E CO. 
7o5 N F L O R E S , 214-5473 
‘71 Com*!, O T transm ission, body. a nd interior p arts, b ucka t Mats. tires. 696 8724, 4*4 11*7 

 e x c e lle n t c o n d itio n , 13,ooo m l 
541oo 73219725, 833 1811 otter 4 
'67 t $ o C h e v r o le t w a te r tru c k , 
2ooo g a t t a n k . 2 " P T O p u m p , sp ro y bor. 334 4153 
C f N T U R V W R E C K E R S A L E S 
D istrib u to rs C e n tu ry W re c k e rs 
14oJ N O A L A M O 
335-4144 
'71 C he vrole t P ic k u p ’• tun, a ir) auto . 465 eng, e q u ip p e d tor g o o ­ seneck trailer, 5295o IO G o o se n ­ eck h e a v y c o llie tra ile r, 5225o 
I 42o 1977 Helote 5pm__________ 

'7 4 C h a y V a n lo a d e d ) A M f M tape, carpet bcd. Sa crific e 5369$ 
656-3896 
71 C he vy B i d e r 
4 w heel drive, air auto 52695, 931 11 l l 

T r e n t v 7 ' i a i « a . ioa d« d ~ caw 6/3-543o e v e s 

74 C H E V Y B L A Z E R 
T a k e e ver p a y m e n ts, no equity, coll John Slim p. 349-6944 
/4 C H L V Y <?H E Y E h lN E . lauded 
5315o can 913 7747_________________ 
7) C he vy C h e *u n n e p ic ku p L u n g wide 535oo 937 5*13________________ 
64 c W t l l V C 4o T ru c k P ro c to r t c r s a le e x c e lle n t c o n d it io n . 
651-4334, 451 31o1 

16 ~C H f Y C u s t o m P ic k u p 
1 
■ T o n . 4 c y l std 

1-964 3777 C a n y o n L o k e a rc o f4 F o rd B ro n c o F W D E xce lle n t condition 
828-6155, atter 
I : 
496 O M I 

T T T o r F 
C o u rie r with a ir M u st se ll a n d w ill h e lp fin a n c e . C a ll 
W oody 411 1464 

72 F O R D C o u r i e r P ic ku p , air" rodJQ 5125o 111 4)53 

T o f o r d b re w C ab pow er u n d a ir. 
A I condition 52295 911 iii)) 
71 F o rd t or n o r 
I <lean, air, 4 speed 51895 149 1174. 
'74 F o rd C u sto m 
V 8, auto p o w e r 
L W B R u n s , d r iv e s lik e new 24.ooo im 519V5 h rm 111 1771 
1974 F o r d E 15o C h a t e a u V o n 
A u to Ir o n s air, p o w e r ste e rin g, b ra k e s C ru ise co n tro l C a u lo m e c h a rrs a u x lan k, A M f M ste re o tape 
P riv a c y g la s s 
96oo m ile s 
4*o 9467 

Y 6 R D Sto n o fin e V” 

S A L E S A S E R V IC E 
G M C , D ia m o n d -Rea, Peter built 
181o IH -IO 
461-4511 
~ C H O O L H ig h w a y D iesel B u se s 
[23o1 N O G A L I T O * 
534-4711 ft Scout IW D . 4 C v l 51175 R o d io o nd heater 656 9o21 

1972 S iM a n 3 Seat v t. auto power 
............ *3495 
J A M IS O N M t rs Se gu in 113 52o1 
196V '.T o n Fo>d truck, 46o, auto, 
51 2oo 1 629 2419 
__________ 

71, f« ton p ic k u p 
F u lly lo a d e d 1 
826 9565, 495 4o54 

•75 T O R IN O $1995. 
68o3 So. F lo re s 
7) Toyota Mi L u x p ic ku p H o m o air, 6sp r) 
F ib e r g la s s bed cover, m etol stock rac ks, H D b um p e r, 
E Kcetlent S249S B o e rn e 7S5 4564 
72 Yovoto Ut L u x p ic ku p h od io, air, cam p er shell V e ry good con- d it io n 517oo J o m e s : 224-o17o betore 6 p m________________________ 
7) T o v o lo P le b u p, a ir , r a d io , b um per, 
S175o or best otter 
1149 9564 

E a r l y 
C h e v y 
# o s l t r a c 
3 r d m em ber with 5.38 g a a rs, old P o sitrac 3rd m e m b e r. C om p lete 13 bolt P osrtrac re a r end for C h a v e 
Com plete 2o7 truck e ng F o rd a n d 
C h e v y 3-spd . sta n d , t r a n s m i s ­ sio ns '52 F o rd T ru ck, '68 C h e v y 
P ic k u p tor p o r t s H ig h p e r f o r ­ m ance 1*4 e ng p lu s lots of oxtras. 
S e ll o r t r a d e ! C a l l: 
F r a n k , 
I 826-1o64 a nytim e e R g i n ' E f o r 'Y I B u k V felectro. 
5175. 433-4*61 

 f 6 r P A R Y S 4* P on tia c w o go n . 
475-1437. 473-1788 
F o u r lf / 4 G r a n a d a fu ll w h o e l covers. 
In excellent condition 
5 *8 4 7 3 o 6 *4 fb i, if4 H e a d s. T o rk e r, T u n n e l 
Ram . 15o, 4oo. V e g a Kit, C o m o ro b ody and h e a d e rs T u rb o 4oo. 454 p orts needed 141 5715SB 

T T M er c u ry M b 

TRAVELTOWN 
TEXAS, INC. 
SAN ANTONIO S LARGEST 
TRAVEL TRAILER DEALER 
* over IOO Units in Stock 

AUTHOBIZED SAUS FOB: 

HOtlDAY 
IAMBI 11), 
P8 o WUR, 
NOMAD, 
VENTURE, 
STARCRAFTj 
HOLIDAY. DIAMOND, JAMBOREE 
MINI HOMES 

96oo IM 35 N. 
653-671) 
Across from Howard Johnson's 
9 ‘til dark. Mon.-Tri 
9-6 pin. Set. 1-5 Sundays 

CAMPERS TRAILERS 

75 W in n e b a go Ctneftan 25' 
Tw in beds, like new, loaded 82oo itll Seguin, (1)37o-8454 
1972 W inn e bago . 27' Chtotttan, low mi. 
Clean, loaded, sle ep s 
8, 
455-2949 
M W innebago. 17\ sleepv 4 L ow m ites, lo a d td . E x c e lle n t. 548oo 
Hondo: 1-426-4488. 

S C A M P I M A V E S . T R A I L E R 
F ib e rg la ss, light w e ight tor A L L co m p a c ts 
C all R o s s of 337-3898 
Toll free 1-8oo-128-7348 

6o G O O D H U N T IN G A C R E S 
In lo rg e ran c h , w o rld s of ga m e, 
$1185 dow n p a y m e n t a n d 5184.85 p e r ma. C oll 714-95*8 
H l l L C~6 U N f R Y - D- E E R L E A S E 
F ir st tim e ottered 
E x c e lle n t for fa m ily or sm a ll group. 
5)2-438-3834. ____________ __________ 
H u n t in g - F is h in g o n d C a m p in g 
L e a se s S A 5)2 826-823o.___________ 

L E A S E ! 8 o a cre s, K in n e y County. 
IS m l. so. B r a c k e t v llle . P le n t y d e e r, q u a il, d o v e . A ll h u n t in g r ig h t s at 54oo a n n u a lly o r b e st offer before M a r c h 4. 655-1547 

14x7o I bedroom , 2 bath. C en tral heat, air, carpeted, patio, fenced 
U S A A - U T S A a r e a , 
5 1 1,5o o 
6*8-2o46 fin a n c in g a vaila ble______ 
14x»l 7 bedroom s 7 Oaths, Centi al air, heat, new carp etin g, co ve re d pdtio. 661-6847 ; 661-4o37___________ l l X4d', 7 b ed roo m s. C e n tra l air, heat. 
A ssu m e paym en ts. 
5127. 
491-1428_______________ _____________ 
14 x 7o C ham pion. J B e d ro o m s. ^ b ath s. A ll a p p lia n c e s a n d so m e fu r n it u r e sta y . S t o r a g e h o u se . 
585oo 1-672-6649 atter 4 pm . 
1 2 ! x 5 6 ‘ 
C R O W h i 
H A V E N 
2-b ed ro om s I both. F ro n t kitchen. 
F u lly carp e te d , fu lly fu rn ish e d . 
C en tral air. F re e d e liv e ry and set up O n ly 55555 922-7191, 922-o44) 

U x45 , heat, air, stove, no equity, a ssu m e 51o9 m o 688-3885 
14 x8o M O B I L E H O M E O N l r 
S IZ E L O T C A L L : 698 1851. 
14 B 6 6 ' R e p u b lic D e L u x e 2 be d ro o m s one bath, fron t kitch en , w ith bar. F u lly fu rn ish e d . W ith 
C en tral heat. F R E E d e liv e ry a nd set up 
O n ly 
56888 
922 7191, 
922-o441 

C & S LUMBER 
COMPANY 
2x48'N o. 3TP ... 798aa. 
2x4 precut fir.. . . . 194 m . 
4x8 7/16 EV. A B. sd a. hardboard . $8.95 aa. 
12x16' smooth lap sdg.. . . 274 ft. 
12‘'x16‘ rough textvredlop sdg. .. 314 ft. 
4x8 5/32 mahogany wo adp anelin g .. $3.99 aa. 
Corr, iran 
$19.95 s r. 
12 V* ga. 2 pt. hath wire 
$16.95 roll 
1 2 'gate, stool gat* $27.95 
14' gaiv. st**! g a t*. $32.95 
16' gaiv. tt**l gat* . $37.95 
AUTOR 
QUALITY STOCK 
ONI STOP CENTER 
C & S LUMBER 
COMPANY . 
4647 ROOSEVELT 
(512)924-8556 

 lix 6 S Y ra d e m a rk . 2 yrs. old, 2 br,, 
I bath. A ll m o to r a p p lia n c e s in­ cluded, central a ir a nd heat. B a y w in d o w k it c h e n . B a l : 57 4o o. 
R e fin an ce o r a ssu m e 5111.o4 mo. 
673-8311. 

812 Mottle HOM-Spaces 

A d u lt o n d F a m ily se c iio n , c lu b b oose w ith sw im m in g pool. P a v e d s tre e ts, u n d e r g r o u n d u tilitie s, la r g e lo ts, no p e ts, b e s t m a tn - taintd p a rk in town, on S.E. M ill tra y Or. w est of IH37, a c r o s s from 
B ro o k s Field, in d ia n H ills M o b ile 
H o m e P a rk . 333-o83o. 

CANYON UKE 
E x t r a la r g e m o b ile h o m e lot. 
51475, $75 d o w n , 84 m o n t h s a t 
521 B l A P R 8 % 
C oll A Jones, 226-23o3 
F E B R U A R Y Sp e c ia l Lot rent 
'•t P R I C E 'til 1*78 
P L A C I D M o b ile P a rk , 658-oo22 

PRE INVENTORY 
CLEARANCE SALE 
25-4p% Discount 

• HARDWARE a PAINT a PLYWOOD a PANELING 
Att tams reduced ta door in 

Prices will increase in March 
SOUTH LOOP 
LUMBER CO. 
351o ROOSCVELT 
922-63o6. 

O ne of T e xas* L a r g e st F in a n elal o rg o n t ia tio n s is in te re st­ e d in a c q u i r in g a h u n t in g le a s e t o r o f f ic e s a n d c u s ­ t o m e r s. R e p ly to E x p r e s s - 
N e w s B o x 24*4, 78297 

I! FREE!! 
E v « r y o th e r m o n t h ( r o e fo r I w hole y e a r B u c k in g h a m V illa g e 
M o b ile H o m e P a r k 458-2811 
L O T F O R SS' M H . $4o M O 
L O U -N O R M o b ile H o m e P a r k 
2415 C a stro v ille R d 433-2o64 
S 1T " S h a T y ~ I c r « t ' T r o f l S r " P k . 

8o4 BOATS MOTORS 

I " boot and fro lier,"(E ss air*: rot! engine. 341-7o18 otter 4:3o. i ii A M e r c u r y m o to rs, c o n tro ls 
: a n d a lt e r n a t o rs . $6oo 658-2954 atter 5pm. i 1*7 2 A q u a S p o r t 1 * 'j ‘ t is H i’ 
____________________ 
( v i n ru d e m otor, p o w e r lift, got- g ] Q MOBILE HOMES SAU 

S H A S T A * P R O W 
L E R 
W e T o ke T rad e -in s 
C om plete Se rvic e Dept. 
S T A H M A N N T R A I L E R S A L E S 
IH IO I M i N orth of B o e rn e 
, 
, 
, . 
„ 
. 
- 
R T 2 B O X 127 S A P h o n e 224-2421 fra ile r, used 132 hours. 

 fenced, store room , trees, 517.SO. f c g a m n : 
Sheet G u n W IN 
W ear W in d so r P k M o ll 826 8766 
88 188 IO 4o K r o f l S t o c k 1o-o6 5 X E 
H O L L O W f » A R K - ! f W 
M a u s e r 656-4638 att. 6p m 
S p a c e s tor rent, o ak trees, pool, r .u I T noi dm -r . e o ^ o '^ , table now near U T S A 6*9-oo92, 69o-859o in hill country, eves. 674-8166 
______ _____ _ 
4 - ton" r o m s e v e le c t r ic w in c h . 9o1 - BUSINESS EQUIPMENT 
535o 927 2242 
I ...................... 

 ii cyl eng a nd condition. 
51oo I iro n s 
P erfect 
I 539 /947 
_ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ 
N e w M a g s . J a c k m o m , W h ile 
I Sp o k e R im s, 3-15x8, I 15x7 w ith cap s C h e v y fit atter 4. 414-5148 
Vt 

SALE! SALE! 
« 
BUY NOW!! 
7 4 AltSTWAM 29' 
7 4 HOLIDAY RAMBUR 35' 
75 HOODAMtt 27' 
75 VAQUCRO 23-5' 
75 IM P*!, feU down camper 
7 5 APPU8Y. tent camper 
SOUTH TEXAS 
TRAILER t SUPPLY 
1121o IH 35 NORTH 

O P E N S U N D A Y 12-S P M 
72 S H A S T A 16 
S T A H M A N N T R A I L E R S A L E S 
IH IS N 3 mi. north of B o e rn e 
R T 2 B O X 127, S A P ho n e 224-2426 
O P E N S U N D A Y 12-5 P M 
-/TWA st A if'--------- 
S T A H M A N N T R A I L E R S A L E S 
IH IO, I mi. north of B oe rn e 
R T 
2, 
B O X 
127. 
S.A. 
P h o n e 
224 2426 
O P E N S U N D A Y 12-4 P M . 
75 S H A S T A 18' 
S T A H M A N N T R A I L E R S A L E S 
IH IO mi. north of B oe rn e 
R T I B O X 127. S A P h o n e 224-2424 
O P E N S U N D A V t 1-6 P M 

 snarp 
TT 
225 79p» ■ n T o 'R b E X P L 6 k E R . L i a d i d 
514*o 115 6 561, 696 245o 
74 # o rd E x p lo re r, j ton. Iwb. low mr 5)25o 459 1245 

 lope deck with C B slide a nd on t e n n a 
"P o n y C o o c h " c a m p e r sheil 
O w ner m o vin g. 
*42oo 
492-1116 
" i I C~H t 9 V C U l t f t M p . c k u p ’ 
' lio n lo a d e d . A M - F M s t e r e o 
52588 822-8313 attar I 

'Ve C h e v y C .'u Von. i i i , 4 b b l , d ua l arr C ru ise contr e l s way bar 
R a ll y w h e e ls, r a d i a l s 
35.898 m ites 492 178? 

‘74 C H E V Y E L C A M IN O 
T a ke o ver p ay m e n ts, no equity. con John Slim p, 349 4**8__________ 
•53 C H E V Y kelt ion pickup, eoocl condition, 575o 128 14)3 

T F ? N * V V L U V p ic k u p a.. radio beater M D B u m p e r 37,ooo im election! cond 51995 711 9*4o 
’T T O ? 

Blo r . r 11656 m i. L W B . pow er, a u to , a ir 
Witt tru d e tor s m a lle r c a r a n d ta k e over p a y m e n ts o r 57oo equity a n d a m tm ste re o . P a y m e n ts 6/5o257 i i f O R D F J56 with va n ti Jdy W S I help h no n ce C all M r W o o d w a rd 
433-1448 s i T g K b A u k up. V I. 11 tan v e ry good condition s;$o 317 414* 
* n F O R D P irk u p , aulu »n,uii v - 
Iwb 515*5 149 26/4 
4 i f O R D P .. Su p •mr lent cand 698 1137________________ 

T i f o r d p ic k u p i j f a n a ’ hea d e rs »« cam 8$8 H a ile y M a g wheels 5*5o 714 S8c2 
•s # o R b t»icK U P ~ ^7 ir mumper 
$68o *15 W Su 
1/ L'b fi'6 'Pi 

Witt 
T u p v T toke o v e r p a y m e n ts. 
Cut) E rn ie s it 38/1 
/J F o rd R a n c h i 

 ho lu n d o rd gutty 

 picTue 
Paw er, on radio, boo tor T eiephone type C B 
SW B , Steps!de 649 39*9 n C hevy p rctup S W I. V t stand , >* w* f *tif% *••*»»" clean! *1588 A H e r 4 684 *MK> 
/) F o rd R a n g e r 
I 
7 5 C hevy un S u p * i ton!, *4 speed. 
R a d io , o ir, l w b 

 o G Y p ic k u p 
F e w e r b r a k e s , s t e e r in g 
A ir , 
A M t M ste re o , fu lly c a rp e t e d 
Wide m a g W heels leis of ch ro m e a c c e s so r ie s E x c e lle n t cond 
B y 
I 17? S IB * 

 root b a i, ra c k com p er Sp ecial 
Load ed I21 -1 1U 
4 T O L I V V R ick up. a u f o m o t it 
V B . custom $5*5 34* *135 
I T T T T m I V V p i c k u p 
Sreen. ait o u g in a i ft? 454-1o81 

K a r l 
S im T racktn 

Custom D e l I 
45.8o9 miles 

‘49 C h t v y p ic k u p 
' >" ton I c yi sia n d E co n o m ic o f E x tr a clean 
1/95 661 4894 
— 
T r e m v v R i f k p p 
— 
R e d o n d w hile 
A ute pewee, i 
H M H * i t ( i t f i V Y P i.Sup. 6-w heei dr c o li C ast!o vitiv (1)539 *59o m g f l i w 8 ;tT u * :‘ r i e a u t pow er ste ering d ig h t s a ir 9 aly liras 19449 m i since m ile r ever 
» p ain t K e c e iie n i w ork 
319 l l * 1119 
Cern tor I 

 i to n p ic k u p 
R e a s o n a b le 
Atter 4 p m 
4/3 1*9/ 
/) Ford Runtier X L t ' j ton L W B , with cam per 
45,999 m ite s One ow ner 534-9718 otter I 
I */f F o rd R o n ‘aei"’" x I f P T W 
11 OOO m ile s 
F u lly lo a d e d w ith c ru ise con trol, a ir c o n d itio n in g, pow er s te e rin g 449, V I Im m aculate condition W ill sa c rific e j ceticnl 

• V A N S * 
178 D O D G E, 15 pass. loaded$42$o 
73 F O R D 8 Foss, loodad . 5295o 
72 C H E V Y « slum lord i71 C H E V Y 4 standard 
I 4* F O R D 6 standard 
... 
51295 
64 D O D G E I POSS. ........ 
57*5 I 
68 G M C Miphtv rougn 
56*5 
6831 SO UTH F L O R E S 
M V E G A "sm oil panel fro ck. sharp 5*95 313-9)52 
T m MOTORCYCLES SCOOTERS 

; T T ^ n W T F T ^ ? l,g o S / lcon31?!pir 
W indiam m er 51699 651 o354 otter 
6 pm ask tor Jerry________________: 
Dor tor's Aer >.o11o1 HO Suiuk, Ab solute mint condition1 V ery low mileoae 5595 4)3 9457 
I 
K L 'OO6 " c l rad!#, air shocks'. I 
W indiam m er Floor boards, ony extras 5319o Consider trode tor cor 1 cie 3)69 

! » / r K W w m r T f / r K o n d u T T 5 tour shorp trode 1o71 Fobulous 
1975 H a rle y D a v id so n , n n o c c 
Super Glide 52999 474 129o n t u f t i i v e a w t k t i r n 
5 U F E R G L ID E Good m achine 
539o, lake over paym ents 
I ^ 
I ft Morley Kavidson super pi life, 
1 ustom iied 3,5o9 mi. 226-5859 
/ i k o ^ y f l ecfro Klide Lauded 
A M FM , Windsheitd, Suiidie Bops 
I Clean tO.o99 m i 5295o 1-423/15* ft HorTey T pprtsfer ~ R '!pc~ sfprf 
Custom Call 65i 4499 
'6 Hondo fib A W indiam m er iii 
Front, rear crosh bars, Iud rack 
M ust sail! 694-4oo4. 
7) Hondo I i i d B #ytro clean oft 
4, wkdoys 661 /545_______________ 
71 54afMld 3S4l i , "71 Honda 45o 
C B 64 tu iu kl 54# 444 19*6_______ ft H ondo C B H O T 
I: sc ellen! 
5/99 Atter 4 w kdoys 6/5 1535 
•s Hu..do ( B HOV vinos old. ex ceilenl cond 5*99 344 18*5 
1 s Hondo t e O ^ r 'ona /SOT * Tow mi like new SOI 3449 h K N D A I s i. eikon dope n ..I,, pl. 
S 1o59 Randy *2 8 o881, 227 4749 
~’~i H O N D A CL 1*6 L u a 4 com porlmenl, 229o mi Adult owner 
5775 M I 2121 
U U K 4 J K A M 
TT!------------ f mo old with F o x shocks. D G pipe. lark head 34 Cdrb. trank, pistons Never raced, 9 me eld b etter then new 
L is t 91599. 
Sacrifice cote! Tea fast far me 
4*4 1*97 rS G K b T F T it fra H M T a sT T T 
■ a a O t a M . ' 
929 4634, 

Is tor R oV T U 6 end engines Reasonobie! 412-4*9o i 6 P'L' V<wi6uT'a ' l l l M otor and 
: Transm ission 633-2498.__________ 
P o r s c h e 914 e n g in e o n ly. C oT T i 716-2991, 9 a m to 4 p m 
S H g U V La A K L . W s R a d ia ls rn 
I Toyota 5169 6137179 e v e s 
W A H f 'I K , Ircinf axel hou sin g, for 
5)959 
6o-'66 L ton * w heel d riv e C h e v y 
911*5 I p icku p 676-o7o4 

758 
- 

 r n 

AIRCRAFT services, 

LEASE B A C K S 
A V A ILA B LE 

• T U R B O C E N T U R IO N 
• H A W K X P Q 

 p 2 o 6 S T A T I O N E R a S K Y M A S T ER 

M ETRIC A IR 
M O T IV E, INC. 

9 2 2 - 2 7 4 7 9 2 4 - 7 3 7 5 
4 o o S IV U T at W ill A V L 

 a v i a t i o n I n s u r a n c e 
P ro m p t q uotes 
716-1421 
IIT ! I i 1 A E 6 N 7 T T W I r s 
P u ll K in a S ilv e r C ro w n , C o ffin s 
F N tot, c o u p le d C e n t u r y ill. I b la de d p re p s w ith a lc o h o l 
B lu e a nd gold a lu m ig rip M o n y o p tion s 
N ew u n n go i E x t ellen I m a in ! a n d r u n n in g p e r f e c t . 99 2 ,4 4 4 . B y o w n er M r 
Dew #, at 924 7543 Of 
M r G ale 494-521? 
I T M W 
TI M 
T!----------- 
A p ac h e IF R , C e ssn a 411 tt 
F a irc h ild F T lf 
L O U IS B U T T O N A S S O C 
513-833 3991 
TT/ T ? ’E 'i ’4 tfA ~IT T ' T T I IL I, i n e q u ip p e d im m a c u la t e $17,599 
1*74 C E S S N A 159s, O ne TY 459. 
912.999 
O th e r T Y 159. 911,599. 
Both 369 n a J C O M im m a c u la te 
( S U ) 5*2 3436 K IN G S V I L L E i9>V ([kfg y 5 K t I T W 
A ir con ditioned, like new 17$ T Y on a ir craft a nd e n gin e I P R equipped. 
Oft e n c o d e r a n d t r a n s p o n d e r . 
M u st see K a p p re c ia te 
949,599 
227 9491 or 124 47o3 

{ K S T I i Tut) p la cfrk u 7 * i H S 5 R 
9/99 c o m p le te w ith p r o p 
D a n 
S m it h , 
B e * 
1844. 
U v a l d a 
I 274 2774 ar I 279 3443 
E T I ’W I IT T I M f f i n A IIT6 N IK 
F I B 26 27 
199% G ua ran te e d 
A V IA T IO N 
S E M IN A R S , 
(649) 
7 * 3 2 1 2 9 

73 A R A C H E Solid stole Sloo p s l l 
Stove, lights, water. A C O C P le n ; 
I tv s t o r a g e 
IO m in. stet-up. no c an vas. P erfe ct 684 85o3 atter 4. 
--------------A ftY vfo C R A T -------------- 
T R A V E L T R A I L E R 
I T he choice OI the q uality buyer. 
R A H M B E R G R V C E N T E R 
2271 A u stin H w y 
I 
6SS-o1SI 
AVION 
T rave ) T r a d e r s M o to r H o m e s 
TRAVELER’S WORLD 
2617 R O O S E V E L T 
531 6o61 b E T T T F D F I Y 16N b t SVN 
W h e e l t r o lle r s in S o u th T e x a s 
A lso few good u se d t r a ile rs a n d i S ib wheels 
T R A V E L T R A I L E R C E N T E R 
42oo R o o se velt al Stin so n F ie ld 
C L O S E D S U N D A Y 
I e tho ny p o p u o C a m p e r sleeps 8 stove, ice box, h e a te r, e xce lle n t cond 91459 455 576o e i l K V H A U L U * W , sleeps 
5, stove. sink. ice box, 2 couches. 
SOTS. 1-984-2657. d a m p e r 
S h e ll o n d c h r o m e b um p e r 824 6854 
— g c g r r g u y t A i i , m 
— 
C A M P IN G - T R A V E L T R A I L E R S 
K C 
T R A I L E R S 
S194 up 
7to W E S T 
A V B 
715-392) I 
T i 

STARCRAFT 
M Y E R S T R A I L E R S A L E S 
114 Kingsbury 
S E Q U IN , 
T X 
"ii f t un v i k 
' te ll contained. owning 4231381 i t U h wkeel travel troller, IO' im m aculate, loaded retoil over 
59ooo, now 542o9. 224-3424 
I/To”) J T R A V k rtR A IL E N i 
Your Choice 518*5 922-2791 
T lo -'fT o T ie , sh o d i i i Fair Ave next door to 
Indian 
Reading 
532-411?_________ 
Travel fo ite r 
?1 N om ad ill) , self-con tamed, excel cond 525oo, atrail for view Sun loth. phone 
1 429 1724 i r y f a v e l T railer 5th A/keel. W. 
56ooo Coll 223 2891_____________ 

I 14' travel Troller. SelilontaineJ. 
52ooo A lso Hobre 14 Sail B oo t. 
9195o I 4233957 ar I 413274o 
TTT S 'A v e L V iE A . L ^ r ix c e l- lent condition 92)oo 623-3475 fw o m o’. Alum inum Cam pers 

55 ,5oo , 
M o n d a y - F r i d a y , o rn 5pm. office. 824-2359 h d o k ia 2oft. Center con sole boof, 
H S h p O B , fro n t c a n v a s c o v e r, ga iv trader, excel, cond 454-o854, 
227-5187 

I DON’S MARINE ■ 
7931 Roosevelt, *14-9554 

A d o A- g S 'S / r d u ' st o rr^ S u lB ^ e T 
Te rm s, 923-4346 
A ll N £ w G u e r d o n H o m e s h a v e w o o d b u r n in g f ir e p la c e s ! ! S a v e 
9 5 % on yo u r tuel heating bill. A ll sties. 
B U C K IN G H A M 
H o m e s 
6532911 

ALMOST AN ACRE h E bfide b a s s boot. SOhp m ere. 
H W C o u n try M o b ile H o m e ».te, IS e a sy load, d rtva on ti oiler, electro tai t r o llin g m o to r, s h a k e s p e a r e depth finder a nd 2 throw c u sh io n s 
53ooo. C a ll 474-2)45 a tter 4 M o n 
F r l o nd all d a y Sat o n d Su n M u st see to app recia te i x d 'e L U N t 

L o n g beds. 9225 ea *22-1424 

T o f f S T T T K W 
1 *7 1 -7 4 S e e r a y 3 4 ' M T c a b in cru ise r. IS S H P M e r c u ry , oil e x ­ tras. L e s s than too a ctua l h o u rs 
T a n d e m proltne d riv e on tra ile r n e v e r been in soft w ater F o r sale by o rig m o t o w n e r C a ll 734-4477 betore Sam A tter lp m 732 4444 
T T F O f i M O L I ' H 1 K u H y K o b ln , 
211 H P M a r c C r u is e I O. G a iv . ton d em trailer, M a g n u m C ustom , 
5o h r s 915,15o new. Soil 91o.5oo or best otter 493591o 
15(1 T rl hull w itk w o tkth ru w in d shield, SShp C h ry sle r m otor, a n d trader. 91495. C a ll 828 6491 atter kern 
H u h w a I k th r'u ^ l i 'Fi'p" M e r e 
G ale trader, le ss than 49 e ngine h r s E xce lle n t with m a n y e xtras. 
515oo h r m 117-4659 
/ T Y W W inner.T r T k u in U 
M e l c u r y . p o w e r t rim , lo r g e w h e e l traile r 531-7441 

5 7 5 1 N T 

 m in 
N o rth on S a n P e d ro . O n ly 
5 2 )o 9 , 5 1 oo d o w n , 5 3 1 .8 4 p e r m onth ., at 8 % fo r 144 m o n th s 
T h is o n e w o n t la s t lo n g 
C a ll today) 494 3419, 142 
19o9 
- 
L A K E C R O F T 
R E A L 
E S T A T E 
A M E R IC A N and 
M O B IL E 
M O D U L A R 
H O M E S IN SA N A N T O N IO , Inc 
922-71*1 
922-o441 r s W r o o m . I both i i x 5? 
Alt kitchen appliances Air, central heat, tie downs 1-772-3175 
} B # K A o 6 m Unfurnished. 54995 
R E D R IV E R Mobile Hom es 
453*751 
B eryl's Mobile Home Center 
N E W and USED-451-4941 
145)3 IH 35 N O R T H (Satrap Exit) 
197o Brookwood 12x46 I owner! excellent cond Air, central heat, sk irtin g , 3 b e d ro o m s, I bath. 
545oo Call 494-114o. 
1 7 7 1 ^ 

WITTIG’S 
WAREHOUSE SAU 

New Desk (re m 
SEE 
New M et from............ S M 
New steno choirs from. . S M 
New Exec cfMprs from $99. $o 
Also Used furniture 
129 IPN Ann Street or 
IN IO at Celebre. 739-SSEO 
AH Sate* Coati and Carry 

DITTMAR LUMBER 
SOO SEGUIN • 226-3141 

Genuine Strong Bom Corrug Iron lengths to 2o 
— 
. S24.ES sq 

1x12 tough cedar lumber ............... 
5$4 Im. ft 

Railroad hee 
......... $4.9$ eo 
Asbestos Siding ....... $26.9$ sq 
'Oak Whiskey barrels $14.95 ta. 
24o lh. SZO rfg ,j(W$ 
U .9S sq. n ib felt 4sqiroH... $6.49 roll 

Insulation 3 t ......... 94 sq ft 

Insulation 6 . . . , 
. . . 
I SE sq ft 
THE M O N E Y SAVER 
¥ MotttKKarfB tovtkAme*fiord 

, W h e r e C a th h u y i a t W h o le Bale 

A B D IC K HO. Offset P rin tin g 
P re sk 9)4oo 342-9499 
CoI v‘St fra x c o vu li'i wifh Ripper 

L U M B E R B A R G A I N S 

 la t e . R o ll fain I 
... 
$ 3 .5 o 

?>4 S precut No 3 select 
794 

24o lb Seoidoirn shm ges $ 1 3 .9 5 

4 .8 
• 
(O K Plywood 
$ 6 .9 9 

4x8 H plywood 
. 
$ 1 o .2 5 

24x24 Alum inum Window $ 1 o .3 o 
ALUMINUM RATIO DOORS 

6 foot 
................ $89 

“ CASH ANO CAHUY” 

B A R N E S L U M B E R C O . 
12o71. Durango 
533-51 IS 

 ond conopy. Just 214 hours since I *24 5oo3 new 549,5oo. 4232331, 475-2231 

B A f k T iio M R F n' T TR I L hT T inp. 
Term s, 
Free 
Delivery, 

C H A IR S , tables, dough m ixers, tryers, stoves, steam tables, re ­ frigerators, team akers and etc 
New and Used 731-1292 
Complete groups o» odic# furni 

LEPPARD LUMBER# 
Both Tubs 54o, Birch Doors, 14" 
SII.71. New Screen Doors 512 5o, 
We R e w in W indows and Doors, 
H O I W Com m erce tore Coll 6-4. 223 5744._____________ 
Cornulite set up lot Fost Printing L U M B E R 

 m o rn in g , m ove yo u r mobile on this afternoon Lorge 
H ill C o u n try site, 15 m in 
N 
P a ym e n ts less than renting rn 2 keg, 2-spout with co m p re sso r pork. L A K E C R O F T R E A L E 5 
$2* * *8 4 keg, 4 spout with com 

 shop, tor salt. E q u ip m e n t ond fixtu re s like new Sa ve T H O U 
S A N D S of 559. Principals only. 
916)9o3 
I Dictaphones. 2 transcribers All 
In perfect condition. 95o ond up. 
733 5114 brott hoer D isp ensers, he rlick 

T A T E. 494-3419 or 142 19o4 
Koubit- vs.civ- Mobile Home lo w down payment Bui gum tor Good 
T T T T n g s — o h 
Closeout of new 1*74 Invoders ond 
O e c k B o a ts. Jo h n so n and M a r-1 Credit Risk. 499 137o 

 anr m 7 * m L ! . V ^ 5 « t Wk * « m V 
W ent, t'ib o fh s. 
C^>nvo n T .^ k e* 
* 
Stortl Ville, 1 699 7116 rn 
HOLIDAY MARINA w 
Loke McQueeney, 51? 557-4431 
(ST 
N IC E 
U S T O 
T a m p in g Houseboat k ac lory m ade steep $ 
Traders Now) (4) or (9) Sleepers , lour, air condition, set! contained. 
KARPER MOTOR CO 
I CAMPERLANDI 
5 W Wnitai y Dr 92 

 real nice orgm al owner $54*5 Sat equity l l 

76 barw ood Self contained, car- peted. m ust see to appreciate! 
W ill se ll re a so n a b le . P e a r c e 
Trailer Park, 574 N. W W White 

H i d K le n b r o e k U ' V i l 
Lo w 
Take over t it ) mon 

C o b o v e r contained 
C o a c h m e n camper. 
8'» ' self 
9237174 

T U T K A I I N 
T C M f T R A I L I A 
Cottage sue unit, easy to set up, sleeps 9 com fortably, ultro lite, lets of storage Net self contained 
5995 654-62*1 
U H fiiebilw Scout travel i-o i -• 
Com pletely seit-centam ed Air, central heat. excellent through out 735-9994 
• ~ b t i a a » u u s m r t a l i i " 
San Antomp s Exclusive 
C O A C H M E N D E A l EH 
H E IM E R Mumps Coachm en A f­ fo rd a b le ! 
T r a ile r s , 
T ru c k 
Campers, Motor homes *34 I I M 
3329 S W Military. W at Somerset 
T T H a S o y Rumbler PrBidential custom, l l ' cen bath twin bedk loaded. warranted, owner, 
6539355 t-erg* overhead com par 5...i >t< tor m o n C h e v ro le t. F o r d ar 
O o d g * L W B 
S e lf co n ta in e d , clean 913*5 Ne Trades 824 /o14 
T i' T T to 'rcratt n a v e l troller excellent I AS Downy lew 
'H henpu ih l l ' T ra v e l T raile r 
53259 CPN 

J4oI S W M ilitary Dr 924 5514 
Hrs W kdoys 9 to 4 Sun I 3o 4 
'J i WW com par bus, I m as old , 
Smeps 5 
Low mrleape 
$5995 ; 
6 > e - / 2 4 7 _______________ 
/o VW Compar, pop tap, sink. Ice box, bed, P M stereo, CB, excel- lonl condition 52)oo 421-3311 
We B U Y A L L T yp e s of T rave l 
Trailers Call M E L 924 5514 
T S " IU/ In w arn, I * ', c o m p le te ly self contained A ir cond Excel-1 lent cond 52295 45 35914 453 241* fflT H 'v k ln n e b a p o dlilettoin Uh wheel trailer, air, self-contained, lets et star ope. carpet, pulled less I than 12,oo9 m ile s p lu s a 1971 j 
C h e v y m o n C a m p e r Sp e c ia l. 
15o.VI ouifxiiutrt, power brakes. 
(•rent d isc b ra k e s ), m irr o r s . auxiliary tanks, air, dual exhaust, 
I ply tiros, last than 44,o99 miles. 
O riginal owner Beth tar 57.ooo 
597 
R o y 
S t . . K e r r v ille , T x 
1-9*4-1964. P l e a s * c a ll o tte r 
4 39PM weekdays 
4)11 P T U tility T r a ile r w ith I sparetires 5149. 656 2412 

8o? MOIN HMH sales rut 

N T F X T (I A o V I c J N t H 
3997 N W Leap 419 
7 H 5131 

 a F iT T K T T a T" 

 ond Sun only. Stall E IA C anyon Central arr, heat 1-625 9459 
Loke M arino______________________. —— — 
— 
— 
— 
— — 
— — 

Ta H P kherc alec., rem ote con trois, 28 hrs B oss boot seats, stick ste e rin g , lig h ts, tra ile r , etc 
641 344* atter kpm 

U r n Hnvv Cast I M 
1 *fT « I*rn drryf, l l S B vm rue*. 
3 1 o h p, v t , sh o re lin e tan dem troller, SHOO 826-3424 
T I L a rso n I I 1 F ib e rg la ss Boa! ond Trader. ISO hp E v in ru d * Low 
H rs power trim 15 and IO pal gas 
'm k t excellent condition 537*5 
S II I2 U M rs Dovol 9 1 mon fri. m od el l i n T o u o c h i t a B a t t 
Boat. 2ohp M ere. troll m otor, finder, I swivel seats, trotter, 
99*9 
T E X - A L L B o o t, 222-9621 
P l . 
M any pre-awnad 
Boats 

INSTANT CASH 
For used m odi!* homes 
924-3249 
924-4424 

J I R MOBILE HOMES 
Now-Used, 114o9 IN IIN 455-o471 
T I L A N 'l l f c f ix T l T ' b . d ro o m . with bath, central arr, neat, lur dish e d , im m a c u la te 512 4145; 
6439745 eves.___________ 
'74 M agnolia tlaub'*, 14x54. I be dr oom, 2 bath, central heat, air, 
E gutta, assum e 492 *251 

 pressor, 554*! Both in excellent condition, t il l B o ss* Rd. 7337367 
E sealion! auolitv ottite lur porfi 
Honing 5o seat with frosted gloss un nets et top and electric outlets 
Bam boo color 733*1*6 
Tor I L L N lv k onT U I T P Kllchg n 
Equipm ent and Supplies Se* 
Levinson Restaurant Supply Co 
19oo Son Pedro 
.’33 o931 
#'5r T o G 
U— oTTid' 
Double Paced Sections ;ach of 
T A B Products. Letter stied hies- eoch unit has approx. 2,18o hung inches 
Contact 
M ax 
Link 
1843(1141. 
36 It F a b t ix m ob ile p la tftrm 
1 735 9137, 9 3o till 5 IO____________ 
Hot water heaters. 34o,o99 BTU. storage tanks. White conveyor, dry cleaning machines, coke box, safe, sm all troller, large fan, soop dispenser, IO and 5o lb. dryers, coin op w a sh in g m a c h in e s. I 
IS lh B ig Boy 814-96o5 

L U M B E R 
L U M B E R 
W e’ve got lots of it. It you need ony quantity, bring your bsf and bring your money We guargnte* lo save you money. 

D I T T M A R L U M 
B E R 
SOO Seguin Rd 
226-3141 

Monett Lumber Co 
W H O L E S A L E - R E T A IL 
"Dependable Since 1*35 
4o/ N. Zoriom oro, 431-7991 
^ • p o s s e s s e d P o rta b le 12x24, 
12x31 Budding Free Del. 6338)1) 

Rough yellow nae * 
LUMBER d Lengths 
.... *"»c L F 
Good Lum ber-Good 
1x6 
1x9 
2x6 
2x8 

 toe LF to1 JC L F 
.. 26C L F 

IBM MEMORY 
TYPEWRITER 

DinMAR LUMBER 
» 5oo S e g u in R d , 224 3)41 
Spring S a l* Port. (fo ra ge Build mg 517* 
451 81 ti. up. Term s, Free Del 

W recking 527 Cypress Lum ber^ plum bing, fu rniture, cab inets, doors 732-2417 

I MISIUK 
MOBILE HOMES 
L U S lv e D E A L L P PO R 

W 
T tt' N e i o r h e r T T b - t t T 
U h hull, es joh n so n, doeth finder. 
5)dP8 1-429 3429 i o lib Jal,' t e lu m b io l l “ b aa u h fiji boat with many extras including new meter $4558 6531861 
S A H T K A T L o ckTa y T a o W i l d 
X " . with Trotter 95*5 New Brountets, 
629 1o27 

B X C L U I 
• F L E E TW OOD 
•H O M E TT aSC H U LT 
• SA N D P O IN T E 
Sea us bret. Large setae hen 
225o Austin Hwy. 655 28*4 
2*22 S.W M ilitary *24-4424 
1*72 M e in * Hom e 
I B ed room ether extras. T o h * 533oo. 
Attar tom, 927-4585 

— 
M K i T T F M K M T K W V . i v , 
~ 

54/5 9 
5 JO 
64)424! weekdays betare 

 i f T b i b I A N K H 

 i m 
L eaded ii PtMrgei 
M I 3*11 
T T T 

■ ita l 
C M N Y V b u k up 
915*5 *11 7174 a u la 

VT. ik V Y m e n 
»d. s e m p e r th a n . trg tiai 
55899. CBR 654o916 
C h o y , p "« ; A pie! W . i w T i-PAA 3track ktaro*. l l OM rn. 

T 
R T 
SW B 669, m a p s B F O ra d ia ls 
Pear steer mg. broke > Aula star 
•O S i M i ) S M 3 5 /k 
5 1 3 9 1 4 5 
IW V A b i b lo n g e r K l T 
Aulenm its power 
>adiit d e a lt' 
L W B *26 * 5 6 ) t a ) 9U96 
------------------m n j i K ----------------- 
6 standard. 9458 tor 4511 
>r rsi B"w~CuT*rcak un new Cum utter sam t v vt* i*7 i ■'••J (apar C o b Y, ten.lL^y 
-uu*apa« Very < le a n 'I Cpu Ben 
Woads W 4 N i 
*7 ift i i fu p a rv g n new cutlpat 
.nierrwj Unu p aw l •att us. street i g mar ne 9 lid * eta t i l l f r r r / 'T & r i a . e e u . , 
5139$ 1134*11 PM 3 wk ends 

9 9 3 7 1 9 7 i47nJ3"T 9ii:->» K * » W l n T T S I m iles breck 
W in d ia m m e r lit, ta* rose. crash bars Tour pack 
Will sacrifice Best attar 62) 1/96, aves t i) su e 
T i M e h a m a tic / it m r H. n * r 
>1 »eu I t i I , o '} a lle r 4 
/! H A N h A T V I l i o rn; 
L#«l> CQHil I / 
M i >$4 h • u .a d W 'f a r ir iR r up et sam * «pige 533 9134 
H M enda t a i l er' w B p Im j H T we of sortie value 111 9194 
L e ..m u w n r n w m . - . 

P W 
COVERS 
SIRS 
_______ 
21/1 Austin Hwy 
45)989) l l i n Tyr i r * b t f l . o u U pilot. W W r a M M molded fiberglass am per snail with si ids window 
Like new 5599 4*3 3)14 
# 6 # U P lon tp er Trailer Slaops 
4, stave, icebox tab!*, sink $1199 
7832174 
T i P re w lt i 

 n axil ae ex si 
N»Aa u l i k B r n 
Mus» van 

Setae lo ry tea P u n s 
O Ms) A DW A Y ■ 

5 4 9 S t i * A l l ) t i l Bdl i f 
' dirt 
6*611/4 
I T 

 de ice. radar, taw engine tim *. new paint M 93*d5 yr t i iii e l l r jai tt. im m aculate condition 
Putt K in g 
IFR , mc lading K H t i O M E . N SO led, slaved H SI. anim alic IU C 
Nacelle fuel tanks Priced I* sail 
Contg.! 
Ran Mustard, N A Y A K 
A V IA TION, $11914 /911 
W g r W K Y e f t ? a New------- 
P IP E R ta your own 
Spec ifiiSlH M i, ti*Ii Proftii 

BSI CAMPUS I RALL i Hi 
■ u n in ra r: sleeps *, eat alec retriperpier, gas slav* Low ers tar trgeeiicsp 
1 494*791 
Itasfcgn COtaBPf . j* peer CPB A I tea damn ti sod 
*931954 otter 

 f T T B T f t ' lv lG ’iW c p a iB la e j 
• •cai sane use e 4*3117) 

 u h i M i m a g w 
: ■ « . « ' 
I l l * * tai) Ffp ytays 
913 *444 use* 11195 ta ll P eButaes 

I V i IT , it a e p s 3 
|t95| 4931449 evenings 

 ti PM O WL I R ti 
IT A H M A N N T R A U EH S A L E S 
IN ta. I mi norm ut Aas rn * 
R T I B O X ?17 S A Friona 113 2*34 
O F E N M F M S U N D A V 

RAHMBERG 
IN CINTER 
Exclusive Ovule' For 
VENTURE Teat Camper 

I f IN HW v 

—nrcvrr 
T R A IL E R ! 
Th# Cheic* et th# Ouoiitv Buyer 
Rohm barg R V Center, 2271 Austin 
Hwy. 695-o191 
J I t lo m p io n , se ll co n lo m e S il: 
22,fH mi tike new, m ony extras 
54 999 659 177* 
T r ~5o«Te* 
T r y 3 ? I rn a n T W . ! converted to mater hem * M ust se* ta apprecm l*. 99394*4 otter 6 ond weekends 
T T ire c u H e e I I 1 Loaded i l l )SS 
443)734 atter 6pm 
Executive Owned. 1974 JaatBelT 
**. I * 11 R mini maser ham * OM C chassis. M N m des Sara* as new 
Absolutely every tetra I l c r d U l i or 911,99o 4432949 

CMC Motor Hooitj Rental 
’ B a i * and w eekly Holes 
P H O N E set 7111 
I usury Malar Hornes Rant I apr 
I 414 l i l t 

MISSION 
IRAYEL CENTER 
E X C L U S IV E D I A L E R FOH 
•Mepile figeater 
•Dreamer e l ruga 
•Am erican c upper r e a r * 
•souhswmd 
I uryest setae tm save deHprs 
IMM Austin H w y l l * IMO 
V .stofTiornt'le n lq T 

C I.'njv i iu< «» (.election 
N E W Soi'buu' Shop, Austin 
664 Hightand Matt Blvd 4937171 
EBdBpat, l e u 'i/iub' NBereTuss. i i new spit, lr altar, ISO* 6*1 ISO/ 
•TI Red Rey, 14^, V T cand Lo ts# ! extras, 97599 WHI finance A M 299* att 9pm 

Need o little extra cash? 
W E buy Mobile Home Tires ond 
Wheels SIO Each Brm p rn or we 
• '" • N y " * 

S U N S E T M O B I L E H O M E S 
27*2 9 W M IL IT A R Y D R 

L IK E N E W 
O R IG IN A L COST S54o9 
S A C R IF IC E 52*99 

C A L L 
Or Holtt or M r Lebrecht 
2239411 
• LEASING • 
SpectaNiin* in Business and Protvsviooui Equipm ent 
Save Tax Conserve Capital 
GLENN FOSTER, INC 
B i npdwav 
227 *191 
I M f L I A i k 

5T?r > 6 N T A i U B u i l d i n g s 
Domogeci U ssd Pric# lo Sell I i i . 
19x1o, 1ox1o Slorap* Bldg 
Del 
4931219 ro' clory End U l U . T i x H lid o , troe dei term s WA o)1o 
W id e r D a m 
1 1 x1 4 fie ri B a rn . 
Floors Terms, Free Del. 4 9 3 9 1 1 ) 

PORTABLE BUILDIMGS 
6X 1 . ..s m t x IO. $ 1 * 6 
' I 
Other sues available 
Q U A L IT Y C O N ST R U C T IO N 
Heovy Otfty Floor included 
DITTMAR LUMBER 
J e g m n R d 
2 2 6-31 41 b o rto b le B u ild in g s M o v e d by 
Morgan, Bonded *93*111 
Ifx A B I ' n ' a g# BW #”' Hear a del 

Ski ar Ploy 
Timer 1 T h if I 
B a a l H u m m e r' T h if I Att je ll 
Reger. 199 bp Johnson, Trotter A l th o rp L a w P ro file L o n g h o r n 
O ran g* Beauty) 92*79. Open Sat and Sun fit tom 

UnlilllU Ile— 

Lo b * AAC O u p p a p y^ t 2-997 6*22 
IT IT"*'|go"rI K r p TI ‘U ’Trn i u ir, walk tau w indshield. 65H P M a r cury en trotter COH M i 
99 n r i i K i n g « i P T ~ ? r T i» Were 
Walk thru Reclining seals Lew h o u rs . 
E x c e lle n t co n d itio n 
Canopy Skis, plenty extra M u m rn ant 91199 9439949 

9 P V D E R 
B ess Boat Oomea stratars 
New motors, fretters 92295 
6*19 Keadotfh Blvd., 654 Old* 
D ISC O U N T BO AT S A L E S 
)* Yhun'iA irb iiH.T W Y ip isiliiVnsen 
Meter, drive en custom trailer, 
SAS** rn Best otter 6/3941* altar 
Sam 
CM r a p t e s t Yack).------- 
B e rtra m 29 l l l l *6, H o tte r* 
14 16-41, Cat t i 94 O T H E R S 
Suadettar 
M ackpert, 71* I 
(• re m Christi 111 I I M 
Tr i A / * s T, r r; ' i S a W a l e ii n d o c u m e n te d it. VH P 

922-o54o 
J B L av Ho m .-J JTi W a r n e r 1,1. ; 
Devetoptd. beautiful 6/4/11) 

ON! RLDROUM MOON ii HesiwojxJ 44x13, Sharp) 
SO U T H P O R T AAobtta Homes 
4134131 
2*o4 S W MMHary Dr 

T I y i r g W K S B -T T x A l I 1 tbaH it 
3 bedrooms Assum e * r refinance 
99599 45* *953 eves y m i ' I N K l L T A T I i 

 sku w case s with iienrs wall cases cash repister, I duty Moors Free del 923-43*6 tan Fodders, air cond central 
$^$'3 K U x 4 Bor lab iv unit. ala ss shaives, ate Also small Budding rn st/i amount et lewetry m ventary AZ n — 
M U 

’ti 

I. M e new condition I 
Bedroom , t bath en Mi a e r* tat 
5ciuth el Boerne Att furnitfiinps in c lu d in g stove, r g frig a r g tg r, w ether etc Priced tar quick sat*. 
97999 carap!#!* 
H O M E S ? E A D R E A L T Y 
6*9 2797 
Niles O L Smith. Boerne I 244 seei w "{ W i T u n « 4 i ” i7 : w v.Yy goad cand 49S 4I/4 
H t B U I T H . M 'x f t 1;'! U d ro a rn 
2 bath, c a rp e t A w n in g , d ish w asher 
V e ry geed ce n d itign 
9(2,999 S99 *994 gr *51 A lit 
•yHCTT f t; aVmT W a ilx Homes 
C A SH end P A ST S E R V IC E 
C A L L M R M IL E S , 4134311 
W A N T I S ' U ta fW o fc tl* Hamas 
C A SH dad P A ST S E R V IC E 
C A LL : M R M IL A S . *14 41)1 wt rw n viBrm rw 
' I m D i------ 

 amount of taw dry m ventary AZl 
T EC J E W E L E R S . 339 E Houston 
Sew and Used telephone answer mg equipment Richard. 734-2911 

P R E V E N T 
T H E F T 
A N D 
P I R I 
“ Residenta! Security 
Syste m s" sells Portable F ir* and T h e n A la rm s Syste m s start at SSI t i Per M ora In tar m atte*; W rit*; P O B O X 
39, W E T M O R E , T X 79)41 

Used Hear Duty St* B u ild * P re * 
Petty try, Terms, lit s i l l 
U l t D dx "j L u re * bear, Term s, 
Pre# Delivery, 424 $993 

197 'M U H M 

• l A U T I H J L Q ueen S U * Soto 
I Bed. I m atching chairs, cocktail 
; I abl# and end tables. 91*1 Velvet couch 9199. Lee* seat 975 Choirs 
SS9 Asserted cotars. Chrom e and flo ss tablet 9)5. each AU woad b e d ro o m se ts, d in e tte s. C o n 
Deity*! S M IT H C O N S T R U C T IO N 
92349)4 

 to m pieta khfiream suit*. I t l l t ‘. 
OO * ra n g e s, 9*4 t i up 7 piece 

 f i l f K I b 'K l b U I ----------- 
Agtoniatic Teiepnon* Answering, 
R ecord ing, call dive rtin g eqpl 
Competitive prices Call Anytim e 
Hoipn s Electronics, 975 224s 
7T;Fm ~K .lU ,s . 6 1 '8 ’AH. m o fe i »“'* "• 
9«'»4. I U * 43 
AM l l and modo! AH 69 Sail cen tam ed rivaling units Sta in le ss steel in perfect condition I IJ I o s Dotgrosa 
B o ss* R d . t il 7367 or 736 3991 
IS R B i A V E Pi . 
I W k b l t t t h Roftaipr, V M , Alo* Com plete H o u se fu l F u r niter 
Shy ing Cert*, FU* Cabmets 6os wiu trqqe rat equal vane* Au or 
. 
.*** 
*** ***1 **4 some Con OHiygr S M IT H LO N 
AlbsIiolUrle e t glom en I tar sole at 5? H U L T iO N IJ s 4)34 

I h L .* x H j*^.*r * * u r 
°p 6 '» P 1L A V E D furniture: Iro y ittir ettor Adolph Chpvoi, 1833474 
( Lane, Bassett Sorto. Yisomasvitte and other nemo Brands A ve n u e , 

Fawcen Farmture tatarosa i v t i 

X ir T lr P 
It l l AU S 
WM e e l,I- t it 9191 

. P l week 3 Ids mum 699 2111 n s 
K 
S 
S 
'^ s a w B i; iv illu m e d tx ( elle n ? con ditiun i i 999 I t i l H H 

B U Y U S B O M O B IL E H O M E ! d iesdl. p r e s s e r * 
C A L L 
M A X 
*14X123 
#**#••• r i y j l i l sm lroom ' : lio lA fe m a le tel* Sd! up. tied dow n, under 
■ B I B B * * - ttddta owning, sdnporih 
•9 11$ i bhp cem ita ta iy rem ad e led 
I a aet ss XSD M as 
OH heat Days 7132991, 
ICaatrai 
694 91*1 

M3 w im minims 
“ T W N T W B flf f T fO f f r r l*9i Austin ll J 219 1417 
Urn vet set Cdf, 459 * l l i 
— AYixiSTNffinrfis— 
H A S E V E R Y I H IN O 
TO B U IL D A N Y T M tN D 

OI S M I T H C O N S T R U E H O N 
Pleas# come make an otter en et) 
, or I piece 916 4514. 
H H V Am erican le d ,n o m le t 
, mc lunes Ti tut* o* tutor, hatch. m irror, chest, a tfb l slued, hen 
««« taehdafien s i l t D isp la ye d 
••‘4 Cee Deity dr S M IT H CO N ilT R U C I ION i i * lits 

19o9 • PAWN BROKERS 
9o9 PAWM88MHI8 w m m r n r n H m m 
91o APPUAMCtS 
San Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— Sunday February 2o 197 7 

WANTED!! 

 pAYCASH! i f f y w “ 
BUY ANYTHING! 
W W 
■ ■ 
P A T M O R E ! 
San Antonio's Finest. . . 
PAWN AND JEWELRY CO. 
Is Paying. . . TO P DOLLAR 

For D iam ond*, Jew elry, W otche*. C ia** Ring*, Sterling 

I £ E T i & H T ' 
S,,^ . r' 
Platmum ' 
G u n ,9 C am era* 
P i ' O s te a l Instrum ents, Tools, 
Saddles, Sporting G oods, Typewriters. 
OR WHAT HAVE YOU!! 
WE WAN MORE ON ANYTHING OF VALUE 
(All Loans A Purchases Confidential) 
Unbeatable Bargains In 
N ew and Used Merchandise 
(use our 9o-oay FREI Ley-eway Men) 
SAVI TIME—CAU US FOR FAST PROFESSIONAL SERVICE 
THOMSON’S PAWN AND JEWELRY CO. 
Y o u r F rie nd In The F a w n B u sin e ss" 
31o6 Fredericksburg Rd. 

9o7-FURRH OBI 

E X T R A F irm O rthoped ic K ing- size m attre&s, J box s p rin g * in foundation, STS. Stilt in o rig in a l package. O ther size* cost le t*. 
Can Deliver. SMITH CONSTRUC­ 
TION, 826-4534. 
Karotklns Downtown T h rift 
Basement, New-used fu rn itu re 
231 E.Commerce, 227-6361 
L A C K 'i Discount Warehouse 
Used F urniture and Appliance* 
*43 COLISEUM OR. 
225-7444 
M E D ITE R R A N E A N kingsize Be droom Suite. 7 piece. Can Deliver. 
$175. 
SMITH 
CONSTRUCTION, 
126-4534. 
E r t i i m n r o n r 

7 3 6 *1 8 o 6 

AMERICAN LUAN CO buv-sell-trode anything of value 
1624 E. Commerce 

GENUINE FRIGIDAIRE 
PARTS AND ACCESSORIES 
SOLD AT 
STRAUS-FRANK CO. 
FRIGIDAIRE PARTS DEPARTMENT 

 m tm rn m 
\ GM I 
LII 

 w a r n 
• 
• 
■ 
• 
Frigidaire 

321 W. PEDEN, SAN ANTONIO, TEXAS 782o4 

2 2 3 - 9 5 7 6 

918 COINS I JEWELRY 

SOUTHERN JEWELRY CO. 

E S T A B L IS H E D 19o4 
W E B U Y & S E L L 
DIAMONDS 
P LA TN IN U M 
COLD 
SILVER 
A P P R A IS A L S 
M A D E 
ON 
JE W E LR Y»FO R IN S U R A N C E 
PURPOSES AND ESTATES 
32S ALAMO PLAZA 
226-1424 

S T T W illK t t ...... a n 'i m u i 6 t ------------- 
Largest Indoor 
FLEAMARKET 
Every Saturddv-Sundav 
Norm West Shopping Center 
36o8 Black Fredericksburg Rd. 
Back Side of Center 
FOR INFO, or RESERVATIONS 

916 ART!. CRAFTS. IMPORTS 

STAMPS! 
Extensive fore ign stam p collec­ tion mostly catalogued In IS Scott albums. For sale or trade for Son 
A n to n io R eal E s ta te of e a u o l value, arra n g e m e n ts to see m y 
$16,5oo stamp collection, m ay be made bv calling 

3 4 1 -7 3 3 7 

YOUR GUIDE TO 

918- COINS > JEWELRY 

DonoT'!TT ? !T *T rIv? in T 5 T o u T T * 
In te re s te d In b u y in g c o in s , sta m p s , ro lls , p ro o fs , g o ld , 
F ranklin M ints, et*. Contact Dr. 
Vogt, 736-2o7*. 

82? • H I C E W tnm ilHITS 
Alto SaxopRoneTVgnet U .*d J years. E xcellent condition. Cost 
55oo. WHI sail for S3oo. 4*4-7473. 

W • MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS 
972 MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS 

Before You Buy... 

VISIT DACBERT’S 
And SM our GIANT STOCK of PIANOS A ORGANS at GRIAT SAVINGS!!!! 
V 
All Kook* pianos........................................ 
R educed 1 o % 
New Kimball WMhwy p r o * * ..................... R e d u c e d t o ( 8 3 8 
Kimball me A ll 4oo tw in ie r, Keg. Ol t OOi . . Reduced ta $ 1 6 8 8 
Kim bal Baby Grand piano, Rag. ROOM R e d u c e d t o $ 1 1 9 8 

M a n y O th e r B a rg a in s t o C h o o s e F ro m 
DACBERT’S Mu,Ic Plaza 
N O R T H — 5 1 3 S W a lto n * R d . 
S o u th — 
1 4 o o N o g a lito * 
6 5 4 - 6 6 6 1 
1 1 3 - 6 1 5 1 

926 MACHINERY TOOLS 

 rvmiai c omes Our Specialty 
CLAUSING A ATLAS STOCKED 
THE M AC H IN ER Y EXCH ANG E 
2111 S OLIVE 
532-4422. 
2 NA ILERS 6-16d 
673-5511, 1-751-2622 h t!W b i Ie £ e U t r a c t o r s w it* hyd frontond loaders. J p l hitch. 
3o h p *4*5o $7 h p 57*5o. 7o h p 
5895o 4 Wheel D rive Option 512oo 
8 ti Backhoe attachm ent 52*5o IO h p. Rough T e rra in F o rk lift 4ooo lb c a p a c ity 12 It m a s t 55*5o. 
DODGEN EQ U IPM EN T CO.. 8223 
5 Presa, 531-4151 _____________ 

936 OOeS CATS BIROS PETS 

SERVICE DIRECTORY 

TO PLACE ADS IN THIS DIRECTORY CALL 2 2 5 - 1 6 6 6 

ANTIQUE AUCTION 
Sunday. Feb. IO, H O PM 
G ary's Antique Auction House 
Lockhart, Tx. • Call 1*917o1 
A n i l q ^ ' U fiffS lfc H ' K l T C H E N 
CABINET. 535o. 341-4o*2 
A h tlfiG 'i V io lin bv' b lo Paola 
M ags m ile, m ade betw een 158o and 1632. Best otter Serious in ­ quires only! *14-6*16 

Twin, Full, Queen, Kingsize 
SOLID BRASS HEADBOARDS 
114-4*25 
3123 Broadway 

921 • MERCRMiDISI MMT 

A (tbNTRAY'TOR (k o s 'lN G O U T 
L a d d e rs , to o ls, cosh re s is te r, scales, fell, rooding, paint Below cost 
Feb. 
22-23. 
1*27 
W 
Commerce 
______________ 
A ir cond, fo r s m a ll a p t 515o, 
*23-7214 att 4 ond weekends 
All in one comb sink, re trig , elec. 
; stove, oven 342-o224_____________ 
A lm o s t new CB base s ta tio n , power mike, 5oft. tower, ontenno, etc. Make ofter. *24 2o74. 
A m p e g 
VT22 g u ita r am p . ong.ow ner, best otter 735-5o56 att 
2 optionees and furn iture , 3 rooms 
•ult, 433-7o8*.am, Edie. At the Re sort, 6643 Randolph Blvd between 
O Conner A Judson Rd*_________ 
Appliances ond F u rn itu re N ’ce 
R e te rtg e ro to r 5*o, S tove Se*. 
C o m plete D o uble C anopy Bed 
5149, 6 D raw er Desk 529, Dresser 
535, Bedroom, Dinette Etc 
17o5 
West Ave IO 6pm 732-45*5______ 
A u to easy w a s h in g m a c h in e , w orking cond 56o. 433 *627______ 
Baby Grand Piono, Priced to te ll 
*95o 4*4-12*2.___________________ ho b y items. Recliner, chino, old trunk 824-9224 att 5 3o___________ 
Bongo for sale SSS. 
_________ 
*24-478o 
Bargain' Soonish living room set 
514o, dinette 525 458 4*4*_________ b a r stools, 3 w ro u g h t iro n and brown plastic 344-4433 
B E A U T IF U L P L A N T S b e m a r kobiy P riced! 453-461* 
SISO 4 beautiful white occasional tables. 6*6-1754 eves 
BedT K ingsize, never used, s till p a cka g e d , e x tra firm (W o rth 
548o) complete $171 Includes 2o y r g u a ra n te e and d e liv e r y . 
Usually home 684-8234__________ 
Bedroom set, SUO W alnut hutch, 
STO 494 )356____________________ 
BE D R O O M suite, e o rly 1*oo $ 
3 piece with vanity 655 5o71 after 
5 
___________________ bedroom suite,' 4 piece antique w h ite 
T h o m a s v ille 
F re n c h 
P rovincial. 
Cost t i OOO Sell 
545o 333 638o 
_____________ 
B e d ro o m s u ite . R o p e r e le c. range, rocking choir, 6*6 54o3 w ater. 6 ueen m attress, pad'. liner, healer 5*o 454o*4* 
Bicycle. Axon's 26 in good condi hon 52o 4*2 2414 
B l* Y e l l s For Sale 

Dining iobie, Frenen P ro vin cia l ! fruitw ood also bea utiful French 
P ro v in c ia l b u ffe t b re a k fro n t. 
527$. Ouncon Phyfe dining table w ith 2 leaves, e x ce lle n t cond.. 
521o Cold brocade "H o s t” and 
"Hostess" chairs, 58o. 126-7o51 or 
826-47*5 ofter 6pm.______________ 
Dishwasher m oan rhi-iT sFgooS cond Queen size m etal fram e $15 
26oo Lake Louise 

o » y f R. C atalina- C oppertone, does not work, best otter. 455-5o71 atter 5. 
D ryer, gas. 575. Dining set, solid m a p le ro u n d w ith 4 c h o irs , 2 leaves, 5275. New Exercvcte, mo­ torized 2-speed 55oo firm . 2 King spreads. R oyal blue velvet.SIS, w h ite f u r , $35. 
O tte r m ic e extrocter,53o 4*2 1833 
D ry e r, S e ors p o rta b le , 55o. 
656-4344 atter 5 :1oam 
Duncan Phyfe dining set, buffet 
E a rl A m e ric a n so fa , ta b le s . lam ps, re c lin e r, sofa, bedroom suite E xtra dresser, chest, bed 
R efrigerator, stove, dinette. 
337 7135_________ 
E a g e r gaso lin e! P n um a n, like new, SSO 1*2-2414_______________ 
E le ctro lu x vacuum w ith pow er nozzle a lm o st new , cost *4oo, botonee due *97 8* 
Coll 
John 
453-2121 
Elephant b a rite Shallot Onions 
Big N otional M a rke t w a iting all 
VU con yr ow. 733-1137.___________ in c y c lo p e fl a, used W orld Boos with year books. 565. Tappan gas range. 54o 344-46o7 
I rid tablas, Clote top, SSS Bassett chest ond m irro r. 56o. G ingham canopy spread and drapes, like new, SSO. 661-7*7* 

Kingsize Bed, Complete. M atch mg Couch and Lave Seot, F irs t 
52oo takes all. All I V| yrs old 
655-918o. 
Kitchen cabinet, old pine, good condition, $125. 653-4223_________ la d y Kenmore Washer, Beautiful 
Old Table, 6 chairs sideboard and china cabinet v ic tro ia w ith 71 records. 342-5772._______________ 
Large China cabinet $35o. 
Coll 681-ooo5.__________ 
Large Kenmore m icrowave oven, 
625-5o1*. 
____________________ i Light,<1 Showrales, ta x 4 6 ,7 ™ 
A-C unit, 24,ooo BTU. OIS* Apply 
V o lle y_____________________ 
Like new retrTg’ to r s i sor’d'"ll I HU table SSO, vacuu m cle aner 535, carpel and floor sweeper 51o, 
653-75o5. 
L In 6 lE U M SALE: Heavy V inyl 
Linoleum *4 *5 Sa Yd to r Clear- once Linoleum R em nants, W all 
Paper *oc-51.oo per red. Inside 
Latex IS.*5 Gal. E x te rio r Latex 
House P a int. Best G rade St IS 
G al. W in d o w G lass, V e n e tia n 
Blinds most sizes 58.oo eo Terms. 
14)2 $ H ackberry GERHARDTS. 
533-714* 
Living Roam Set, 7> i ti couch, 2 a rm ch a irs, ottom an, all m aroon naughahyde. excel, cond , $2* o. 
Wood grain coHee tobie, 2 analo­ gies, 5*o 
222-3515; otter 5:3o, 
73o-6223. 
LOVE SEAT H ID E A -B E b SISO 

R E F R iu fc K A i u k , Freezer, Au­ tomatic Wosher, in p o rte d condi hon Reasonable 229 195*_______ 
R e fr ig e ra to r l i scu t i la rg e freezer in good cond $75 333-o221 
Ret! >«?rbtor 14 CU ti tro s i free 
Harvest Gold with Ice M aker 
♦22-m s.___________ 
R e frig e ra to r, old, i t 5. W ashing machine, 54o. 2 Black and white 
TV s need repair, SIO and SIS. 
732-648o 
R e fr ig e ra to r ,1' sid e by 
TuTe 
F rigidaire, white, $15o. 4*4-1218 fe E~F*S Tfc'fe R A Y 5 T sT "iro $ i fre e 
F rigidaire. harvest gold, 5175. GE fro s t-fre e h a rv e s t g o ld . 5 1 5 o. 
Westinghouse apt size. turquoise, 
SIO. R A N G E S I 2 T a p p a n gas, avocado. 51oo, S12S. M agic Chef e le c tric , avocado, SISO. W izard gas, white, 585. LUGGAGE rack, new, 54o 658 Cly*_______________ 
R e frig e ra to r, C a ta lin a 2-door 
W ork! great 55o. 435-3372 
___ 
R efrigerator, side by side. I I CU ti 5155. Gas ronge, extra clean. 
I I I . *24-95*1 
R e frig e ra to r, large. $#o. Range. 
535. Bed, com plete, 525. L iv in g 

929 GARAGE SALES 
BA C K Y A R D S A L E : J r Ona 
Misses Clothes, Toys, Shoes, Etc. 
33o Shannnon Lee 124-o342 Sat ond Sun 9-6 

W. 
Ba L k Y a r d s a l e 
Saturday Sunday 
1*22 
Hermosa 
Lonilnuous clean bro ile r oven and ro tis s e rie , ru g s , o il p a in tin g , fra m e s , b o o k s , g a m e s , b o y s clothing sizes 14-14, etc. Reasons bly priced. Sat. only IO o.m. Per- rin-Beitel north oft 41o to second light, follow signs tin in g fa b le , 4 swivel chairs,for m ic a , a ir h o c k e y , c h e s ts of d ra w e rs , ta b le , la m p s , po w e r lawnm ower and IO speed bike. 
611-21o5. 
I 
F a m ily gara g e sale. Rom or s h in e 
5o3o B in z -E n g le m a n n 
(K irb y ) Feb 19,7o,2) tom hi dork 
3 fa m ily Garage to le sm all elec trie appliances, fu rn itu re , m any household items. F ri Feb ll . 4327 
Sunnyvale oft P errln-B eitel 
F U R N IT U R E . T V ’ s, d ro p e s , clothes, toys 2o1* B roken Oak 

BESS’ A N T IQ U E S 
545o Old Seguin Rd., 661 5512 iO - Y ife C ri'F p K X K E — 
Best Prices Paid tar Antiques 
PH IL W ILLBO RN 
TOWN A COUNTRY ANTIQUES 
126 274* 36o* Broadway 735 2414 

TX. 

 room set, *35 Autom atic washer. 
H u m e ri r n J 
545 Large living room lamp. 53o 1 <nor,h * od o 
* '1 Sot 
Misc. 337-18*1 

Clock Radio 341 *631 
•lemony leather loo in, ti tables, c trl* exerciser, couch A choir. 

ESTATE SALE 

 standard. 24' 
?6 and U and 27' IO speed y t 224-1565 
7V Block ana White 37b OO no! ta- b it m odel TV 5*1. Hoop s 1533 apeHw te m 
\ 
? bononq balls w 'cbags. II ana 
Mibs, 512.5o ca, re frig e ra to r with 
OOib freezer unit $35, 684 62*o 
$o66 B tu room a ir conditioner. 
575. 673-7776 Otter 5 
Bunk Beds 564. Chrom e O innett w ith 4 choirs 56o. Lazy Boy Re 
Cinter 56o. M a y lo g d ish w a sh e r 
52oo 653-71o5 c S i'tN I'X IO '. r windows Floor 
Id e a l to r c a m p in g , s to ra g e 
826-2417 otter 4 
Camera N .koi'iai, with I 14 LE N H 
With Acce* 533-24*5 or 534-8513 
L a R p E T , $I±H l l * X 12 , color gold 575 C o ita l)-ta ll. to r stereo. Dynatrom cs I track, i 
Flush speakers, 535. 414 8325 
>" ash tor old clocks, stained glass. music boxes, organs 648-1661 
C A TALIN A white ro frlg .'fre e ze r, runs good, *1oo 656)632 
CB 21 cbonnet M.aloha still in box, 
SSS 126-4611____________________ 
LB ro o io C obra h i . I l l , power pock I) and 16 volts. D IO*, desk type IM S 434-3*1o______________ 
45o' Chain link fence w ith 2 pates. 
333-72*1 
I efeoir shine stand, I office studio lounge 227-4*34 *: 31-6 OO pm mon 
• sot 
I 
Looses electric fe 'iib r '144, 
111 volt 3 phase 341-1221 
' 
Collector wools C e 'man M ilita ry 
Hems, WWI and WWD inciudm a 
Regimental Beer stems 455-18*1 
COLOR TV IS'1' console, excellent cond 515o 12* *7o1_______________ 
Colo' iv 7! 
* T a ny repair wor ronty, SUS Color TV 21" works good HOO, 4*4 12*2____________ 
COLOR VV. e x c e lltn l condition. 
S ilo Coll *12-4215 
Cater TV , Bood w o rk in * condT lion, t i n . 114 o761 
L o lo r TV , M e d ite rra n e a n . pecan weed e xce lle n t, Sold for 
S7So w ill take 537 5 814 1 6*5 
Color TV RCA console, Uke new t i l l Black and w h ite p o rtable 
S77 5o ana MSS 713-o7o 
• iu.'iatreir$u>s or G uitar. k u H rn phase shifter, excellent candt lion 5*o8 433-8343 
C am p l* to K reeh ler, te la , C heir. ond Tables, 811 * 16* att 5pm 
Complete ion Coleman veil (on lam ed arr conditioner tor a largo i atiii* homo Atter lp m 4568*14 
H 1, c o n s o l*, good cong I Bes’ o fte r Call 673-34o6 st come bv 
*787 F lint vaHey. to o le r l l volt for PU Von Camper 
Sidles sunshades tor Dodge vans 
Three pass Van seal blue w ith arm s Kennedy t drawer toot box w ith teals 
715-6228 att *P M or weekends 
L e m in g W ore e le c tric ra nee, harvest gold, salt cleaning even. 2 y rs a id . e x c e lle n t c o n d itio n 
*»4 3*37 ofter 5 38 
C o uch, c o lle c ta b le , c h o ir. dresser, kitchen table, g irl's bike 
342 S534. 527 Down View_________ b a rk Dux 
Old B a uld" Table. Th 
Good C ondition Make Reason# blo otter 712-8148 
_____________ 
DE SK -M PC e IW I wooden, l l x l J w ith hrghbock choir 344-4*54 

Desks! Desks! Desks! 
Ooh, w a ln u t, til et Bl. E xe cutive, 
S e c re to r y . 
S tu d e n t - la rg e se le c tio n I * * 88 ond up. A lso 
Good selection et F IL E C A B IN ­ 
ETS 
H3I BOSS* R d , 7)3 /387, 
714-SMI 

See Moron Ad Under Antiques. 
FEN D ER , Super Pro, omp. 52oo 
6*8-131* otter 5pm 
Fire ond b urglar alarm , i i i Twin bed 525 453 2o81 
FOR SALE 
Small size co m m tr- cial type ice m oker (F ria g ia ire ). 
One chest type com m ercial Coke box 
Both good co n d itio n . C all 
512 »»6 1*21 or 512 ***•14o2 
Four 4tt co rn e r booihs. uphold stereo 2 raised 4 in. with tables 
4*4-181o 
Freezer, 17 cu ft Frost-Free Cold spot *22 *9*5 
F re e z e r, 
H o tp o in t. l i e u . ft. upright. 8 mos. old 5225 474-1*51 n ig h t._________________________ 

FREIGHT SALVAGE 
Bent Steel Pipe 

Fiberglass Tubs A Showers 

Water Heaters 
I Steel Tubs 
; Cost iron Tubs 
I Sinks Lovorotortes 
Many Other Items 

Mat 
• t e c M f l H B M H H I I i l V N 
Excel cond 658-8167 after 4. toople Cork t a if Round fa b le ISO; 
4 8ox8 tro lle r tiro 515 713-885* jM o iciiin g pen of hanging Lambs 
'535 Queen and re g u la r spreads 
ISIS eg a*-1*31 
M editerranean black v in y l love seal and chair E xce lle nt cond!- 
I hon 5*o 4*2-2682 
M etal b o rn , sm all cottage, gas 
I cook stove, dinette set, 655-82*9 
M e 'u T * s k , 2 d ower, IR . Hoer box, holds 34 cases re g u la r bot- ties, 575. A tter 4pm. *14-613o. 
M in i B ike, E x ce lle n t co n d ition, 
888 4*2 24)4 
M in o lta 7s 35mm cam era. Like new, 13$ 344-7o21 

RUM MAGE S A LE ' Sal Feb I*, 
Acapulco P a rty House, 7o3 Palo 
Alto Rd South San Residence As soc *23 *852 
SALE OF THE W EEK 
W asher and d ry o r in e xce lle n t condition, re frig e ra to r w ith side bv side troo zor. F rench P ro vin ­ cial trundle bed Must see to or predate. Coll Sot, ar Sun 4*4-3882 ia n s u l re c ie v e r w ith spea kers 
MSO, 135-838* 
Screen D o ors V e n tio n B lin d s . 
F ire E x tin g u is h e r, ta In. E lec 
O rill, Fishing Rod and Real, M in­ now Bucket 738-o352 
S t k k i i peal fable, I year eld. 
MOO 533 o8*1. 533 5*13 
Sears U tility T ra ile r, co vered, like new SISO. 857-2375 
W a and o tto m a n . 

G A R A TE £ a LE 
Antiques, JtaiT sehold items. 31o Yukon Blvd 
G A H lffE S A I IT T J o O e a le rT , 
E ve ryth in g fro m Soups to Nuts 
558 P atricia (H arm ony H ills) or 
I coll 341-1584 
T O U l L 
A ll Ibis week. 
I U M eerscheidt 532 2*5* Tools all kinds, recorder player, records, edgers, cam era and acces. new d ra p e rie s, e le c tric s p ra y e r, al- most everything________________ b a z o o * id le ; 443* N e w p o rt 
Woods (Woods of Shovonno) Sat and Sun F u rn itu re , Law n Hams, 
Clothes. Games. 4*2-2434 
G o ra ia lo l to 5 is! ; 
Quiet Forest, Camelot ll 
G arage ia le , ia l. and Sun S423 
Ponderosa D r. 4 F a m ily house c le a n in g s a le , T ire s , a d d in g roaching, b o w lin g b a ll, clo the s g a lo re , la d le s , m ens and c h il­ drens, monkey podwood bar and 

Chippendale Chairs 
Grabo Antiques, 2*34 Austin Hwy 
^ L T ^ R ^ - R T r M M A G r iA R N " 
CASH AND CARRY 
Antiaues, Bottles, P rim itives 
Relics and Many Other Things 
COME SEEM Open U A M to SPM 
Closed Wednesdays and Sundays 
1-742-88o8 during business hours 
Where Hwy 478 crosses Hwy 18 
PO TEET, TEXAS t fe 6 W IT T TI l I " " T W TI 6 U fc V. 
G IJO N P L A Z A , 77o) B R O A D 
W AY. 828-1*91. New Shipment et 
Am. Country P u n ctu re Blanket 
Chest, Shaker Item s, T olew a re, 
A ro w b a c k B e n c h , B ra s s and 
Pewter, Candle Stands. Rockers. 
Clacks. 
F Z K fY R T C ' old- S e llin g i*a n i. 
C o m p le te ly re s to re d . L a rg e , sm all, lighted, ornate • all g u a r­ anteed. A beautiful way ta beat the h e a t! 11 See a t A P lace in 
Time, 4337 McCullough, 344 n o * fro m b t R M A tf CASTLE large 
F lem ish butte!,812oo. V ic to ria n side b o a rd w ith m ir r o r . ! ! IOO. 
Horse draw n carriage.522oo. V a­ rious other Call 824 2476 M on-Fri lo in til 5pm_____________________ 

G A S L I G H T A N T I Q U E S 
1525 MC 
CULLOUGH 
127 46o3 
Groined Yoke Flour Bin 
Cooper Apple Butter Kettle 

I 
- c r 
. r n 
W ?1 9 om S pm , Apl L.v., k lo '’aloma 
TO? Nest A 
A 
Rampart (Near Globe oft Son W 
▼ Prdio). leweiiy, Guns, frystol, T 
▲ Royal 
Wortnester 
(nine, A 
* 
Silver 
Heavy Solid Spanish ▼ 
♦ 

(nlomol furmtur# so tm, Tobies, (hairs. 

Credenzas, Hutch, H 
▲ letter looks, linens, nothing, 
▼ lumps 
Ins a lme. 
Misc 
♦ 

Household. (Not on Auction, 
Nothing Reserved Ue-ythmq 
Togaed and Must Go Int- 
▲ meoKitely, Another bonum* 
™ Uquidoiinn ly: 
FhH ond a Carolyn Moron, 734 SMI or m 344 <8o!) Sat Only. Tree Ad 
J mittonse 
Numbers 
Starting 
A 
8 OO a rn Bring loxes. Wrap, 
▼ logs, and Tour Pick Dp, Not 
. M 
A. Children 

MIRROR R E S ItV E R lN G - 

Division of Finishing Tflitch Inc. 
HIO P orkrldge, 34*168* 

Near the Corner Antiques 
Depression glass and F u rn itro 
SSM FM 71, 881-3854 

 blew and o>a shop )cs W. AshFy n e a r SAC. p a r k in g In r o a r , 
731 8866 
H a n d m o d o g u ilts , co v e r u n # * , p la n ta tio n b o lls , p a in tin g s chest, to b ie s, d in in g room suite, IO chairs. Misc. 

OPA’S ANTIQ UES 
22o3 S H ackberry f’ <ano, W u rtllz o r s p ln n o i 44so 
MIO Santa B arbara otter 4 1opm 

S.A. s LARGEST 

VOLUME DEALER 

IS BU YING A SELUNG 

U.S. SILVER COINS 
(CALL FOK DAILY PEKES) 
AOS SUVER 

KENNEDY HALVES 1965 TO 
(U U POR DAILY PEKES) 
Confidential Cosh Payment ll S. A Foreign Gold (olm For in­ flation hedging (Expert advice) 
P A Y IN G TOP DOLLAR 
FOR CLASS RINGS 
A DENTAL GOLD 
Selling Q u ality 
* J ew e lry * 
A t W h o le s a le Price* 
(Dealert Invited) 
I az. ta IOO oz. OOO 
PUM SII VIX BARS 

Buying A Selling RAE! COINS ond rom loHerbom — U S A foreign - U .i Silver Dollars Poy- ing S3 SO and up 
Wartime Silver Nickels 
Silver Nickels, Anything Geld or Silver — Jewelry, Din- monds, Platinum, Watches, 
Sterling Silverware Antiques, 
Etc. 
(Highest Prices Paid) 
RARE PAPO MONEY 
Mexican, (anodon A Silver corm 
(rom ony country - Gold coms horn ony country — CUSTOM 
Designed Got) coin jewelry 

AUTHENTIC INDIAN IIW ILkT 
SAVI TI OH — CAU USM few Professional Sarvlea 
Riverside Coin Co. 
4 3 1 I . C o m m e rc e 
By Tho elver 
235-4oo3 
175-ooo1 17S-IOOO 
Plea** Call Or Write For f SII Premium Coin 
Buying list 

F O R F A S T 

R E S U L T S .. 

P lo t ® Y o u r 

F b i A d T o d a y ! 
UN 
Miss M o o re 
2 7 5 - 1 6 6 6 

 j 

— 
ORGANS 

_ 
HAMMOND 
SS 
RODGERS 

Ii 

PIANOS 
SS! 

EVE RIH 
ZZ 
KAWAI 
ST 
(ABH NI I SON 
“ 

New From $495 : 33 
Used From $195 
= 

A A AKC SHIH TAU K F psT 
Males, females, shots JAI 7o3o 
Adorable AKC G erm an Shepherd 
Puppies, fin e st q u a lity , suoerb tem p era m en t In te rn 'l Ch Ger- man im p o rt 
Linebreeding. 
828 4758 
"A dorable AILL V o rk ,. Pupp.,,s- 
534 1655 
Afghan Pups 175 

 l l 
425 N Mein 

I ~ 
Wenderlond. 
* 
Nerth Star .. 

228 SS76 
. 732 82S9 
1*4 8248 

474 1765 s A w r A Y s m w f. 

 rn lit ii iii ii hi ii, 5 

NAVARRO PIANO CO. 
N o w K o h k tr a n d i 
C a m p b w ll S p h w ts 
$ 7 9 5 
(hoot# from Troditionol, Italian 
.Provincial, French Provincial, ond 
I Spanish 
Oak 
DUO ART 
Player 
Planes, Knobb* Rosewood square 
Grand like new Spinel style Pionos like New horn $ 4 9 5 
N E W V is c o u n t 
E le c tro n ic O rg a n s 
S h o p w it h us a n d S a w * j 
L o w O v a rh a o d 
NAVARRO 
P IA N O CO. 
1 7 o 2 N . C O L O R A D O 
7 3 4 - 6 4 6 3 

Pups • Stud Serv, • 344-718o aft 4 
A k t A h b ffA N i. ^T id m p 'X m rT - 
___________ 453 *684___________ _ 

AKC AKITA PUPS 
Brains. Brown, Beauty 515 4128 
A a r b B n T > i * » 7 T o r t r ad w hit* m al*, long ears 
Shots 
812 5 
4 
o 
1 
__________ 
AKC Basseii puppies, worm ed 
I 
585 m ales. T rl-c o lo r*d , IO w k* each I 37* 1o84, Seguin______ 
A k b Black' b re o i bone, male. i mos, SIOO. 4*4 H S I________ 
AKC Black la b ra d o r Puppies tar s a le 
B o th 
P a re n ts tra in e d hunters 414 122* oft * 
AKC black L ab rad or. J mo eld. 
545. 133-o324 
AKC boxer pup, female 4! V o n I 

A llis Chalmers. *ooo lbs Fork L ift 
48o1 Roosevelt *21-544) 
A q uarium s, Ss gal long and >fi go) setups 344 7o21 
Austin flit wheel. tn>‘wT i niut siTiC 
*51 2*5* att 5pm 
I 
B u c y ru s E rie ' m o d e l afiITT d rillin g m achin e, w a te r o r o il, 
*55 71o1 or *51 4128 
C a te p illa r b l w ilh h yd ra u lic CS dozer, good co n d itio n 519,5oo 
BRAUBACH Equipm ent. 73* U l t 

9?? MUSICAL INSTROMHHTS 

7' 
Knob* u ra n d 
Plane 81*o*. 
I *77-8857 
Lore* Selection of Anilau* 
PLA YER PIANOS 
ED G AIO A’S 
ITIC MUSIC CO 

_______ 224-o672________ 
French P rovincial f t^ A coioT t v 
SUO, like new *27-5827 

M IS C E L L A N E O U S 
F in e glass w a r* and china, crystal 
Fine im p o rte d linens Sm all appliances, antiaues, b rie a- b ra e . 8ooo M id c ro w n , A p l 
I 
I H I *51-521o 
This is fine merchandise w ith considerable age 

---------------EAbUgV S A M --------------- 
Call 453-18*1 or 838-111o 
MS v IWS totoFIV consale, t W . 
2 E orly A m erican Pine endlables 
SIS e a ch . 2 E a rly A m e rica n lamps, Its .J upholstered reeker, 
SIO 
3 S p a n ish w ro u g h t iro n shelves, HO each 4*8-2*72 
M b W N b M U iY L E L l- 

J c h a irs 
$188. 8>3-m » . 
_____ ________ 
SOFA 7' contem porary go'd and stools, dishes, odd-ends,. white strip * *12$. Large piaMorm G arage Sole ro c k e r E a rly A m e ric a n g reen and gold floral 55o. Swivel rocker c o n te m p ra ry g o ld 55o. 3t3o 
Clearfield Drive. 
Spanish Style B ia lk V yi 4ofo with Lave Seat $175, Small Desk and C h air w ith 6 d ra w e rs . 5*o, 
E x e c u tiv e Desk 665, Sofa and 
Chair SI75. 474-4545, 674 4767 
Spinoff piano, French provin cia l fruitw ood *24 2424 

Brand new W h irl pool builtin dishwasher, reasona­ b le 
Some fu r n it u r e , d is h e s , camping equipment, lots of misc 
Old tru n k. 855 2o1o, *514 C a rri* 
Lone. Thur*. and F rl. Feb 28,2*. b i g A b l U 
T 
I 8 fa m ilie s . clothes, fu rn itu re , lu n k, doers, shutters 
211 
Sum m ertim e, 
Thur* -Frl. b o ra g e ia le I yr old w a sher, 
________________________________ d ry e r, r e fr ig e r a to r , s te re o 
Itew gt. a- 
. 
; oSo"V S e lf' 
* * 1 * .^ **.-JfL*?* w o ' instruction manual, extras. 
SIOO 
I chine w ith cabinet, m isc. item s. 
117 5o*5 manuo'' 
11oo 
Must sell. 
7581 P ipers Creek, 

Stereo Am pex A m -#m Cassette u n it w ith 2 spea kers. P E. au 

6*4.7___________________________ 
S4(FKings b f la ! Sun *-6pm turn. 

 sewing 
M achine w ith cabinet, 375. Two 
. 
Color TV's I war*. HOO. I Console 
French B rovlncial living room sci 
'?,* H o u s e h o ld Ite m s . 
$425, kingsize headboard 
523, I att* r 
455 857* 
SJT C ypress (rou gh 
Also good used lum ber Cheap. 334-331o ku rm iu r# Appliances je w e lry 
A ll A p p lica tio n s a pp rove d w ith required dawn paym ent Call Im ­ perial Furn 222 2227 41* Brady 
- OOO gallons, Skid mounted ion*. 
JI* 4251 
C a ro ** id le ! ta t A Sun. Little"b,' 
OI everything 22o T e rre ll A v* b i l A b f U i r iU o v .n g rU ll.n , 
F u rn itu re C lothes, T oys, Rte 
16787 Londs Run ***-8162 d A t ifb V fe . b A l'b H f . wVifg. good condition 323 715-2*12. 
GE i t -« door re frig e rn io r freele r, good condition, $288 544 7676 b t n e r o l E le c tric w a sh e r and dry or, 2' 1 yrs old. excellent con- ditxsn MSO *611*31 
G ibson J* c li l f re fe rig e r a to r freezer, fro st tree 2 dr. w h it* I yrs otd, 8173. 149 *125 
Z ■b'son *1 H o llo * Body ile c tric 
G uitar, *21-2368 
GO b A R f, chrom e fram e, extra tir e s 
G ood c o n d iti*n .5 2 o o . 
681 OOH atter Spits. 
Coif clubs sta rte r set. M etorela 
TV w ith siond.net w o rkin g , 4x* area snag rug. Butova watch, a v soried clothes 455 SOI* 
Green couch and . nolFl le o so no b l* ob l l* 1o after 5pm. 
G reenhouse, t ' x t l 1, I n e rg la ss and woad. alum inum dear. 
455-374* b 'R I I N ' W yU i l l f . t * I T W 
CALL 455 5743 buTTar 

 g b vTW g 
L I L L : { . a r s w a s h e r w ith S e rv ic e P o lic y , 
C abinet Sewing M achine, M any 
Other items. 653-4383. 
Must bell 
Teakwood fu rn itu re 
Stereo. China and B u ffet C abin­ ets, dining, coffee and J end fables w ith m arb le ond hand c a rv in g ; much more 331 347* 

 clothing, plants, houshold Hems 
L e a v in g m u st s e ll, h o u se h o ld turn . misc, l l * W Lullwood 
#orch Sal* electrical appliances, clothes shoes, misc 5 cen!* and up 1o7 Woodward 224-8245 
--------------- E b b lH iA L ^ ---------------- 
T V * , tu m itu re , s tiv e r, dishes, fa s . g rid d le top, w h it* .! clothing, ond whof-nof's 
2o4 

 tometlc turn table, two ATR 2 ax p speakers 349-2283 
Stereo System YrcAnics 6L 158o. turnfable. Pioneer T urner, AM P 
Slanfon heodpnones, tapco equip men). Call 624-5o57 offer 5 pm 
Sterling tllv e r, fo w l* 
French Provincial 344-8*5* 

 ctaww 31oo o 
» 
_ ito ve , White Tappan Gas 
I 
Good condition 713 4581 

REGINA 

■ new •“STITT 4‘ s te e l b e lte d than on* yr 
^ ^ t o is with slotted^ mggs^ r a i t t f H 

Table I choirs, L o rty Am erican. 
4o" tw o Leaves. 3 w h it* v in y l chairs, *25 eo M f 2*3* f T ? r ~5i -f v Ak'sr n t b w.th n tope*. $2o8 4 *4-ll SI 
I 
Tappan bas Range, Avocado, less 

 white letters, *27$ ntghts 
T K T 1 
\T 
$225. 874-1*51 

Now Is TIO Time! make big Money. 
Earthw orm s 
COH 

EARLY BIRO 

EARTHWORM FARM 
For full infer m otion on prices Pisa complete starting set up 735-3378 

OFFICE FURNITURE 
E ve ryth in * Must Go 
Oesks, Choirs. Credenzas 
Cubicles. Etc. 
I to * Daily 

2oS E . T r a v i s , 7 3 6 -2 8 9 6 

A ttic * fu rn itu re , d in in g ch o irs. bedroom suite. *22 3**3. 
Off wh ir -o n ifm p o fo r, . 'n and loveseat MO* 639**2* 
A U Aok ic 

RUMMAGE SALE 
WOKLO WIDE 
CHURCH OF GOO 
Sun. Fob.2o, la m 8pm 
8o8 N Lexington 
(I block north of IH I!) 
Appliances, m usical instrum ents 
Household items, hand crafts 
MORE 
Come in and browse 
BARGAINS GALORE 
« 
Sun Men. Fob 18 2t, H orn 4om, 
T i ll Thrushvtew l l . O ff Eisen bower lust past H a rry W urzbach, 
F u rn iiu rr. good china, cam eras and d a rk room ca m p , la m p s, p ic tu re s , c lo th e s , new e le c . ty p e w rite r and ta b **, h o b b le *, new exe rcise r, cle ck*, records. 

ANTIQUE COTTAGE, 5o8 Polios 
It you have A ntiques, J e w e lry, 
D ia m o n d s , S te rlin g , G o ld o r 
O riental Rugs to sell, you'll gel the 
Best P ric e fro m San A n to n io '* 
Finest Shop: 

Regency Antiques 
M rs Brenner, 821-544o, 342-5o7o 

AUTOMA 
18o6 N Flores 
733 ISS* 
I owrey Super A e nie'O i aim wiffi i bench; m ahogany 3 yrs old $115o 
I or bes! Offer 342 2354, 341 21*1 to u s le d i n s tr u m ents 
Fen d er f Bassman amp, large Gibson omp, 
Epiphone nos* guita r, Epiphany 
! acoustic guitar with pickup. Ven­ t u r a g u ita r w ith F e n d e r am p 
| (new), 2 Coronets, I trom bones, 
I French Horn ond other m usical j instruments 858-8488. i Au GAN, tiammoncTFTwTtk D key j boards and fool pedals, Leslie tiO 
Antiauos-Accessories Co ig ,^Todies ■ am p Good cond llion. C oll Rick 
1828 TOWNSEND. 824 17*4 
ALAM O HEIGHTS 

Q UEEN'S ANTIQ UES 
2*o* Fredericksburg 
Hours: * 5 f A-T L T ffg A H T lb 'jE ^ -------- 
Potlsh Bentwood Chairs in Colonies North M all 

Different Drummer 

OE* 
528 Exeter 
Tavern (pan) table 
G am * (chest) labia 

 to ie il your Antiques 
ONE AND A L L 
Here's lh * number ter you ta ce ll: 
833-2888, M I o)4o (cash p o i*) 
JIM LISTER 

822 - W HICH IKSIIIIINiKTS 
922 MUSICH UW NIMMTS 

BALDW IN OR Mason * H A M LIN 
GRAND, enc. cand For teochar or advanced student 228-5528 bRfTAW CTT B i A n 6 b b -------- 
No T im * L im it on Rentals 
Rental Purchase Plan 
1*o7 W Woodlawn 
734-4717 

D ru m sat. L ud w ig , 6 pc. w ltn 2 cym bal stand*, etc. 833-8582 rrsile-g V ^ ik ir a r 'g r i TW ------- 
*88-2358 
Ham m ond B l ergon w ith le tll* cabinet, m int cand. 17288 733-1*88. 

 a fte r 5 af 
Jones af $3171*3 
858 5723 
M a W A I S I k f re 3 S H 5 n "C T M; 
NO L IM IT E D TIM E 
Dacbert's Music Plaza 
14oo NOOALITOS 
223-4151 
3113 W ALZEM RO 
Unredeemed tousical 
Instrum ents 
Am erican Loan Co , 277-8572 

C utepiliar A * ( d i r ac I drive w llh 
24oo hrs. 4S dozer, HOPS conopv w ith lo g g in g sw o op* and re a r screen, e n fin * enclosure, under c a rria g e 25% w o rn T ru c to r in excellent condition *5o,ooo 
Cataptltor HE m otorgrodor ()* * * w ith new I* oo tire s , l l ll. hy draultc sldeshift, S c a rltlr* This machine is is excellent condition also $2o,ooo C a ll Thad or RI chard Moore, 512 834814*. Corpus 
C hristi, Texas. 
A a f if e H I U * D o7P g “ D T T 5 7 
Vale Like new. only 12oo hours 
Call I 71) 418 4484 
7o Chevrolet tra c to r and Uobbs tandem IS t*c v d dum p fra ile r, vet y I Iron. 658 6 3 4 J __________ 
C raftsm an iiin radio! orm saw ond attuchmenfs S i75 A lto la th* and offochm enf* SHO 4*4 6445 
DAVIA to o d .l TciTYrencR*7* wlTfi off set a ttach m en f* S283o In fe r n a tio n a l M o d e l 3444 T r a c to r 
Loader Backhoe in e x t cond 
35*5o 
THE TORGERSON CO 
533-314$. 73* Steve* b rd a lm e for s a l* M e o w D u ty 
Bucyrus 3o 8 Like new. only 1oo8 hours 4o' Boom, IVY yard buck*! 
Call I 713 488 4484 
A l t a i r ? i w w T T v n V I T 
Good fire s . 5 cu. lf. Good buy 
628-4373. 82* 3*52 

A lib iriH a n y Spaniel main pup 
Call 455 44o6 
A K b AK'om pion S ite d W e im a r - oner Puppies 54o 831 74o* f l n r n n n r n r a ----------- 
44) 3887 
A K £ b o lm o llo n p u p p ie s, stud service 
AKC I yr old female 
474-17*2 
___ ___________ _ 
AKC Doberman Puppies 

T k T S I B W A W ~ \H A feMMfeB 
Pups Chop Blnndlm e Shots and 
W orm ed *75 C a ll betw een 8 I 
377 8*11 or I 423 3438 
~ i'k { A A I b l Kl A f t f l i t V i P T - 
684 3778 
%VZ 
HT l TT g U T W 
A l I A T 
DANE PUPPIES 446 1143 
AKC Irish ie lfe r 6ups 
_______ 433*1*1________ 
AWA Irish Ceiler puppies 
TwliT 
V e ry h e a lth y , SBS m a le s . 573 
Females 4*4-545*. Dam and Sir# some location 
A 141 ife iiM S etters C ham pion 
Bloodlines 4 weeks 4*31111 
AKC Lab rad or Bunting slo rT To mos. tem best offer, *41 6*45 
AT?? T A I f f A'A b 'fe P U M ------- 
Ch lines $85 *74 l l * ) 
— a 17 c i u s a m a b u m — 
Also STUO SERVICE >44 (o*o 
A f f t '’tom irh n n u ze rs Ch Mood females 5)25, Moles HOO *56 777) 

 in S h e p h e rd 
I hfm iu Blood 

AK C I'oodi* P u p p i^ 'A 'w U 
$38 *o42 
U T T K e -T W X ' n O w . T m a te "! tem 
Ch 
Bloodline 
18**1181 
K e n Ville 
AfeV R i g A e r m a r 
Puppies S ir* Ha* Chi) line 8*5 8)o4 
A k e R egistered i f lie r nor ( fa t 
Stud 14* *38* a ll IOpm 
AkiT H eg islered blae ii Lob pups, 
*13 each 413 574o 
R f I g g " L 'A l' F U PT--------- 
*3o 
14* 1o6o 
A k e U t o b V tB p u p p ie s 
*7* UP *22 1*4) 
Ag r i ? 3 T T I f l r t | g f e -iE ft RAB 
>TUD 8*o435) 
AKC ip rin g e r io a n le ls lem aie.T 

9?S • MACHINERY TOOLE 
■ 

IX T ^ Y ra T n ^ o n d T n ^ n o T r^ IT o l ; 
Roosevelt *22 5441 
AK e R f l l t K S p rin *r Spaniels. 
Liver one w hit*. Black and W hit* 
5hots. Wormed, 4*2 2884 

ALL SIZES 
ALL TYPES 
Brauhoch Equipm ent. 7)8-143* 
P o rk ™ -; W h T r* "Iu .id ;;V m odel 
FL244, 4ooo lb , 21ft lift. 888 hours 
358-3388 kiuntei Wheel Altam ont M achine 
83* 3*78 

 yrs old O realst m o th e r; I pup­ pies, 4 mos old m ust soil fast, 
I 741 3**8 I 747 3o68 
A'g f T i "I 'e r n o r ^ u g p y 
B .e tiy m arkings 1-1*2 74oo after I 3o 
-K U I V y A U T w * . iiu d U r e ic . 
7)5 6*51. 73927)8 
A kHo* ( le a r Aogs) 
Esc gua rd 
Far 
Sale. an d fam ily 
*73-3188. 
A mirTz7»«T vX '(im SiiiirpuupTe s i weeks, S38 6229373 
Boseniis tool* Female Also pups 
8 weeks M3 *3o COH *12-8*3 44*7. 

- 
7 
S 
I M 
M 
U 
R 
ELy f f 
U 
C 
K a h a m g 
¥ i C 
B 
C 
% i H 
J 
4 i i i & y l 6^ 
C i w 
U u 
C 
I 
225-1666 
o QUALITY ITEMS 
IF DISCOUNT PRICES 
F LOW CLASSIFIED RATES 
GET THERE FIRST! 

R I KUMISS DIMCIMV 
C A R P E N T R Y 

A D D IT IO N S 

 r , v , 5 n r n m f c f E * t A ddi ; y i n v d ; * 7 a ,p .n jr y tla n s , c o n c re te . g e n e ra l I T 
I 
. *? .r * re m o d e lin g 
R e a s o n a b le es- 
11 moles 438oo*7 otter 4pm 

E s ta te o f V ic to ria V an 
Heagenhuvie. Mar ours Apt*. IOO* 
Sneak, a p t ie *. S a tu rd a y end 
Sunday. Fob I* 28, I to 5 pm 
Costume ie w e lry, bedroom , din 
Ing and liv in g room fu rn itu re . 
Silver plated hollowware ond k it­ chenware. Cash only. Na Children eteom . 
______ tu rn ta b le , b u a l l f IP. exce lle n t condition $7$ 839**41 tiiV n io b i* ;' I a rk disco I ob I #'71 technics 12oo. 64* 3511 Chris tw in Beds, chest of i ro w e rs , desk. boxspnngs, m attress 
6*913*1 f we Les Paul Cusfflm* ‘7* gad ‘I * I Estates. Anything et value .. from models excellent condition to ll j on* Piece to houseful Call 
182-72*3. 
I 582 8755 Anytime 
Est i*8 * j tw o L o v e s e o ts l.g h i e re e n lu y m v ioie- moa«i re trio e ra lo rs. modern. 3158 se. Metal Sculpture freezers needing repair 34I-U6S 
MO H r e o lia n B ra n d y Set, $1o. ' eves, weekends *33 T il* 
+ y # E 'i * i m 
': i' 6to- 'E le c tric 

REMODELING 
IO M PLE T i IIH ANC IN' 
FREE ESTIM ATES 
C A S LUMBER 
8*47 ROOSEVELT 

A com ple te re p a ir s e rv lc t-c o r- pentry, rem odeling 457-412o 
Try work™"Also ro o tin g , p a in tin g , s a tis fa c tio n guaranteed 
No rob loo sm all 
859 557). 

F E N C IN G 

Y n ro T o n c *T f*!lm a !# ^T o !!rw o o 3 o nd c h a in lin k 
F A R M E R S 
FENCE CO 421*511 or 471 4)17 

F IR E A SEQ W OOD 

C A R P E T SA LES A 
S E R V IC E 

*191554. *398537 

A S P H A L T 

A i l U A l V R E P A IR IN G AN D 
PATCHWORK We do drivew ays, gravel w ork. No rob tao tag or Ie* sm all Free estimates Call J A P 
ASPHALT CO 479 73*4 

93o MHtCHAHOISt WMTIO 

Antiques A o p lta n r*s7 P u rm ? u rr 
WE PAY MORE 

, bue e n A n n * back 
Trunk 
¥ 7 
Butt et 
Comet 
4*2 if * * ________________________ 
. 
, 
, 
W 
<ftl*8 whit>"botbtCn excellent b e a u tifu l d a rt blonde • condition *22-131* 

CAMERA EXCHANGE buy, Sell, Trode. Repair 
$322 SAN PEORO 
62* 3127 
CASH tor your Used Trona 
2297111 or 2391143 

 p rofession al m edal. FE N O IR , teleca ster w ith case F E N D E R twin re verb amp Bath Uke new. 
3558 341 7*84 ofter 4 or w ktnds 
38) B riiis h enfield tm rn. 

6'H I MTAL I US f.M . oquom d7 in*, trem Tientsin, China 51888. 
4*91156 
5T oi • oi,las wBh 8 chairs. U good olive groan, 
434-8731 fe’ l U ’l i d U i e In d o t 

353 

|r"p c ""illv .r y e lv flT e c ito 'n il 'iiW 
Coll. 539*881 * r I 772 5254 alt 4 IO 

F T ; A it T g l l T ' C V II l A btJ- 
GROWING IN POTS 7 ))-l 117 
P h R T M a le i i i 4 
UTR 

Guns pistol 
7 82 
SKS 
With bayonet 

 u M T u s AE a l n - v r i f i w r i b u i e in dash A to Zto 
H A N D M A D E Bookcase 18x48, J stere* cassette 575 4*4 7)8* 
5*8. 
Win# 
Rack 
28*2$. 
538 
----------------- 
3895*8* 
_______________ 
Move o Fireplaces fla vin e trouble finding fu e l* Call Jack or jo h n le t CSII between I and 5, a tte r 
Lpm to tam 4** 12*8 ar 456-8*71 

 h I A-pTNT 
Tk'CT TH > "V T .TRTu7 i snow tir e s , new , E78 14, on c h ro m e re v e rs e w h eels Cost 
$153 only 578 Robert. 85* »)$» 
Huso bed with roils and m aitres* 
$58, eiec fe lt c a rt w ith tra ile r 
3588- 8*98*17 
Hospital S ie rilile rs , one •lee lr ic. 
: one gas 581-6216 lio ip o in i w oshor d ry e r. Wife lu 
| g rack. b r* 76-1$ 4*4 58*8 r n F spray unl,r'l3 o ' now hosp, 4 r un, ob lass unit. all Kinks, MS* 
Wheel enclosed tra ile r, goad tiros. S II* Misc hour*scent hght 
I fixtures 54917*1. 

C h eckw riter P a ym aster. E xce l j lent Condition 738-1o*o 
~ W Y Y 6 F R ii d nT U l e $ 
No I 
.................... IO* C. LAM AR 
No J 
1841* PERRIN B E IT E L j 
~ 
Fine F urniture • Fraction of re ta il: W illiams. 227 67o1, IS* t Houston 
Onused leo cre a m p a rlo r typo table. $75 recliner, tatr condition 
MS 854 88*8 
Unus. ql pecan slab tau * mount cd on old sewing m achina b a s * ______________________________ 
_ „ 
T e c k n fc a i m a n u a ls , fe e ls , jP H 'd n t P ia n o F ir it ll* Best e q u ip m e n t, s u p p lie s fro m 
Special T, GT P rodu cts #r V IP 

111 BUY ANYTHING 
THAT DOESN'T BAT u t 
CALL JIM LISTEE 
■ *391888 or 41) o3*8 m 
TTTc 

Seers new 5188. 855 5871 atter I 
7 piece dinette se!. U t. I piece danish m odern sectional couch, coff#* table. 2 end tables. 2 lamps. 
5488 68915*5 att 2PM 
FTP'S 6 A l I i a n B " F'6 ‘6 1 T I " 
ELB REASONABLE 1298854 * r 
7)9481* f e iS S n i iw All roc lever,! year old Pieweer C f I I I speakers Sula 
W I 

 s n ; 

 together or sepera i* Coll *74 : after 5 pm 
■ fl ALY PA fet r r s 
" i i * i m ____________ 
Pool iobie end slay*, pas. tar sal*' 
4114887 

 otter $14 38*1 ____________ 
U p right F lan*. Sail tor Storage 
MSO 8*912*2 
O T IS S I A W b U V v iY A fe iA c 
Bldg terms free delivery 
72$St71 

UstMi O tfic t F u rn itu r# 
Oesks. ch a irs , ty p e w rite rs , aa ding m achines Mere* 14*78/4 
— 
PET S WET f t f l I f e l f f l H — 
C ENTEAL SERVICE CO. 
787 WEST AVE ■ 714 4237 
E l" V e rsify' Scil Winn men's b ike, 
17* Spanish mahogany bar 517$ 
8*1 M I* or SOOT $78334334 
V.die lap* recorder and m e n d e r 
Panasonic Sen* B lock and W hit* 
M o t, oner 884-2483. 
Walnut dining room table w lffT i 

 vin yl 
Repair 
6298*13 fo g do sh paid h r your old am ir 
.paper ond C orrugatad. AABCO 
Poper Stack 115 Coralvo 48948*1 
W IB T T 6 -------- STT ic o n to m # 
Roll top 

A S P H A L T -C O N C R E T E 
W O RK 

 m 
B C T H T i i^oiiniloilon, po fro. asphalt drivew ays P arking 
Lots UC b onded 18918*8 i i i Typos ai Concrete W ork it of o p t,82978*1 
A .p h o ll c o n ira c to r 
S e a lin g paved a.croait d rive w a ys C lark 
Atahalts COH anytim e, 337 616$ 
AAT I " V t f i M i f l U f i T i f i l i to n crelo Stabs, foundations, patios, porches, d riv e w a y s , sidew alks. and QSE'iu" 338 8838 
Aoncroia. a ll typos, loundations. d riv e ways, patios, c e ll day or night, Free Est 7391884. 731 7*13 
(to n e r*!*. B rick ond rock w g rlT 
Petros, d rive w a ys, fo u n d a tio n . 
733 5818 Pf 88944**, CPN R ichard 
{ m c * eta. # a ii*..w o ifc s , d riv e s ! 
Free 

 e a n in g S p e c ia l. L l v i f lf 
!TT7T room , d in in g room , 132 16 *x loose rugs 
SI* SB, 
727 1*88, 
729*3o1 
W IT * L L A T l f i W f o'rp eiT fnofU urn Tho Any site Any place Any lim * FR E E E stim ates A tte r *. 
14) $26* ar 1411*1* r a x r i u n t r r w h k k t t c a 
O o io tm g C a rp e t in v e n to ry a t wholesale price l l 454-8444 
U M IT IB A A lB I T i l lV lg fe 
♦29185* or 229824* 

T T T T S n ^ in ^O u r^w n 'T rn T a u T f* trees tor hrewood 8*4 11oo 
Firewood Bv Irurkkoad Split, del and stacked tor M I, *34-e*24 
Fife Ie H o o f/ tor %o(o, J4o a cord, 
Oak ond M o s q u ito 
1**7-2141 
AFTER 8 
Fro# fire w o o d 

H O M E IM P R O V E M E N T S 
M A IN T E N A N C E 

 e o V e li A t io n 
C o m m e rc ia l a n d R o iid o n tia l 
Work Room additions Complot* 
Hom e R e m o d e lin g a n d house leveling High q u o in , w o rkm an ship Lie 
IOO* Free E stim a te . 
TOMAS BOTELLO, 334411* 

LA N D S C A P IN G 

P L U M B IN G 

o o y o u n e e F T T u jm I I T ! 
Reliable Bonded l i t o7*1 
MASTER PLUMBER WITH LOW 
OVER 
HEAD 
$1o 58 
H r. 
Licensed Bonded o il 1812 __ _ 
We answer your coll to .li Sewers, leaky faucet*, water healers, any type repair or new installation 
Texas Plumbing Co , Inc 41o A 
J lc o u d w a ^ t^ iq ^ n j^ in ^ lj* tiiii7 

(Bain sow 1 
“need and truck 7198*71 
GOODWOOD .SO card delivered 
*12*881 
6akwood detivereA Vt! truckload 

T U onT o 
1)9 ZIM 
R E M O D E L IN G 

F O U N D A T IO N S 

A>"iitions. W inter Prices, i.tlm a to s Frank M 9 1*8o f f i W f n T l w fife K .” P A T I B I , I 
3.dewots. D n itv c n 139)183 to n e r * !* worfc, pail*,' w alks, j driveway* 
*28 7771 

C H IL D C A R E 

Any og* TTtenTe^TTrweeT™" 
___________ 731-7)83____________ lo b y .iitm g any la y or night iii my homo. *18-4786 
Babvsitilng Aon* in my ham* f ir oil age. Como Park 8391848 iaB yslit'm g in my hom e.'Llc I 
North Star Mall ar*, day or night 
141 5272 
Ahiidcart In my Lome tloilview- 
W on der la na area 142 oo45 
^ H f i A A 'l l IL t o V H A t o l 
Monday thru 
Friday. 
N E. 
OSfcfFlE 
__ buy time chitdcaro. feoaoondBla. 
I m -38 *3 
I Lkanopd Babysitting my {rom* 
A nytime any ag* Univorstd City ond Mag Ooh 8591179 
Beg cKiidcor*. exp . pi«««»<» pro 

D IR T SAND G R A V E L 
F IL L TO P S O IL 

LA N D S C A P IN G 

 t Arg# T O 
T f f t T F rrn iS n iT o f land vt oping *1o each 488 3848 
H i i v r FL IW Y V A Z 11 vT 
OAK 
T R B R ) 
POR 
I *73 *42* or I 3*1 3381 
SALE 

A T YoSnSaTtoi^Toir.* Leveling, 
Foundation Repair. Exporipnco and Rolioblo. *21 171$ 
— r c r f S E T T r u e TIAN— 
Honest horn working For a bel i tar rob. can us. m ms. Hoof to 
AU Foundation Repair 
A r* your door* draeging Walls 
I crocking/ Cell 5)8 4116 anytime 
Licensed and insured 
A ll! FM'A i t ! Ar r f iU L f iA f id L 
REPAIRS Also Small CO'pvntry j 
Work All Work Guar Fro* Est 
! *37 5438. 
Feundoitan repair* G uu'onirt d wark Free Est 311*384 
HOUSE L E V E L IN G 
THE IRISHMAN 
38 YEARS EXPERIENCE 
1 Net* Never take th* first price/ iii- b o s 1 a r m 
; y > n 
I fetlteBie man lo do foundation repo us ond house levebng Setts faction guaranteed Ne lob t# smell COH 8)9557) 

L U M B E R YA R O S 

Monett lumber Co 
WHOLESALE - RETAIL 
" Dependable Since 1*15 ‘ 
487 N Tor (amora. 413 7881 

G A R D E N IN G 

 free ast J Guerrero 
Cf f ode UJt w rn uttd OO"r dmn dJt I, fiiscoVn! on off c . B lr e ^ r * c B p n ^ ^ o y ) d X O U ^ / R I K K I N O 

X a par ac ie I*. 5223 

 rug. tike new. 1236 Lew chest, 
16x8o . 22 in high. 5*4 M2 2517 
JAP B ilio, rugs, m irro r, paint sprayer, other *5* Adrian 
, i i J e W H T * ‘ITTTee a I »*7 a11 re a d 
Desk. swivel cKair. Fling cM nS 
* 1 ^ I , i°iV.°x7,1 W>#* solid maple sm gl* bedreem set t*)*- I * » » *331_______ 
)57 Magnum P IM 8*4 21*2 k ¥ liW 6 E E 
W I Iff g M end i i ” diag on oi Ila c li j n j "W liii'ii DRYER 5158 tar PMh. . I I **M oo rle b i* TV (recendifiened) IS I H 
.................— — 
Hepps 1533 Austin Hwy 
____ 
. Kenmore w a n * gas steve- tw in i i* dmaona( cen,in ceror console bed*, dressers, ether fu rn itu re l l drogonm I * " " " 
,f#m% ¥#ry reasonable or mux# 

 llA a B e g g n y p d r iy T p B '!* ;i F'W T iiiB ie . fie M aii W est"Hevadal I w A W T Ifi 
Chairs, IHS ta il wool e o ro .io n I'axTR STM 85)4221 

 choirs. 
8594388 deetti: lite rs* radto fram 'd 'Al 
Old .m ob il* *42, dees apt bove lo ba working- prefer one with star I 
2258**8 g w u'U d A u lt Hubs 
*■ m m trap t i ; u n 
McGregor Wood. univ i i e /tu x 
VeXVVYV’ fiotar YV i f 1 ItA . I wTTJI l 'ALB fifeVfft (‘HILF yrs old USB, *2376*7. 
541-2*38 
I ne G engine MS *44 J 7 *7 
Ik flfg ? A r'x le c tf il'. ^ im 
■ k d it condition 175. 
(Sold 
Kenm ore I unit 

 fN v * * 

 washer dryer. Geed cnndilieh 
IS* 41984*8 eyes, w k.not 

; d tr*u fh l Iron (encmg ta, 7SH S3 23 ff 5288 tai 

TV meatier renown tobinei Ango 
*4*8 Hogg * 1*11 Austin Hwy altar, M f B Thee 

R E C EIVER- SANSMI with HUGE , 
Speakert. s*E8 7396348_________ lo id ip e r','swlvoT're e le r. AM F U re die (essen* 8 track purteki* dishes, mer* M I H H 

"Tieivy du lie f ss) ta ll 
~xr^B 7;iro i i * m etal 1 or 53*8 tar ell M i *234, 9 5 38 

♦ x ii Umbrella Vent, tem pi*!* 
I 658- 1*8 metal fotdm* chairs. 54 Ptstat* 7M 17*4 

T T rT con frophies Als# bear rugs desk Mon Fri, 73* 2876 
W a n ta l; C h ain Sows h a e d in g repotr, roo son obi*, 471 872* 
StXH TFB 
W orVin* or nu! w ork, t na retr ig«r afars 
435 5558; 
8Z3-7478 d ia n i ta Buy 
UsuoBie to%l iro n 
Woad Euram e Stay*. 2 man cress cut sow. 
Paul: 
73* 723) av* 
8724*27 l f # buy Furniture, A a p ii enc6t fttto ttti A n ticiu ti Glo BB-* ore ole 

BES! PRICES PAIO 

532-6641 
853-37)8 pnybm e, *598834 eves 
JOHN A ROWLAND PARNES 
Licensed ond bonded buyers w i T A m n ------------- 
For Geed Used F urm tur# 

FA W C m FURNITURE 
414 Dbtarese fl7 8 H i 
*i * c«, • u .ii for rife#*, .heiguns, 

 masonry work Den* new Free est Anyhnse. 239885*, 5)2 3711 
J lirifttM ^ S c w iT T lp p c re H metC. el eh kind* 
I doting 
1*88 Coll 337-8111 pf 3395882 

 p H o l E FINISH D-lvewov*. pa tie. stat walks, and what hay# vee 
Ne mb ta* small h r a m iKKZ 
4197/ta 

CO 
424* anytim e 517 M and i 

B prrpp. Alif ta aas dirt-sand I d* House puintma ond Omro* Year round dei 4198137 
••***ree® m town \ l ic 
I ? T ffi¥ S I I 1171H T f il 
T g T l 
MONEY, 
554 2*47 onytim# 
*2944*4 i W 
TT H ' f i i l B I W 
T f i'F T S ir 
•est quality, also sand top soil m ix 
OPEN 
E V E R Y 
OPY 
419*22*. 43) 148* 
IRY MF1 
BiztTppipif-land-fifo*dTTppni "' 
Low price* Mph quality concrete Roy Hendnx Delivered Mi 24*e la m -lp m weekends 

■'aArXn'WL'B’Ta'I 'IP' 

H A N D Y M A N 

 a T ffB T to A H — 

M A S O N R Y 

T ( ta ti« lo m c h M n n * y ^ n T r r !<1 

M IL D E W R E M O V IN G 

UOUSEYYASHiNG 
Have Tour House washed 4#tar* 
Tau Perm Preserves Point Jap* 
Reef C leaning, P ain tin g , Any 
Typ« Repairs Free Cst G arry 
Hem* Improvements Mi 2*1* 

A Custom Remodeling end 
Designer Sery S P T CO 
824 78(8 Atter 8, 82* 87*4. 

R O O F IN G 

C A M ROOFING CO We do tiro rob right the first tim * New roots. root repairs af all types Free est 
839 )8>» 
_________ 
CLARK S Reefing 4 Remodeling 
F it# Est 634 iS»f 
1$ TRS Experience en Campagi lion ar Gravel Real RAMIREZ, 
S L 'K i m ____________________ 

S E W IN G M A C H IN E 
R E P A IR S S E R V IC E 

T H I a r o n t a P d R e p o i ^ X ii 
Makes Fie* rn .hap estimates 
1321 West Ave , 1*4 * t/i 

S H E E TR O C K 

Tapinp F le e tin g T estee* and 
^^u u s tiM j^J le o .a n g g le ^ M jro a j^ 

P A IN T IN G . P A P E R IN G 
P L A S T E R IN G 

H A U L IN G A M O V IN G 

 wars Call anytime. Mr Concrete. 6ood lo p .o il d elly 
2395887. 2295115 

IT I * A IV TO PLACE A k XI P f IS NEWS 
WANT AO TIS <**4 
We Pay More Cash 
Fez Thai Geed Pron* 

A IR C O N D IT IO N IN G 

UC,si * 
A,r Gondii,, 
Special rata*. Clean, repair all tV B P 9 7 D uys*rjH C P M I4 *J8^ 

B O O K K E E P IN G A T A X 
S E R V IC E 

 ir x v r m n r i f i i r r - m v i i 
In te rn * la x p re p a re d in y o u r 

C A R P E N T R Y 

Even and 
4194524 
4*4 SHI 

1 .'-nmg river bottom .ands team and topsail. I miles I oft 41# an 
Sumer set RA tarn right ta Hidden 
Valley *28 ll* * iifiW 'U T H I T i m To oui lahta b r * tao*#*! pp your lawn dei a .an *84 1871 
{ o n d y - l ^ ,r| ! r M ~?e uth ;;«fir 
426 11** 
I tap 5aii. Cheke Southeast Lew 

— a i m -^ T T iT S ’ fiii-taP .N G 
Have I 11 tan trucks 53) M il 
Hauling ond n truck, i i ) 5*8* 
HAULfUft AppUppcts, iwrnlture, lunk, clean par ap*. 
Cheap 
3992*3* 
Hauim*. "mavin* and Ire# Irlm - 

 r " & o rtla F o ln tlng' fiin lr o c tor 
; Pro* Bs! int BKI 7M 7848 
R g l H l I B T n H 
Yl* * -------- 
R E L IA B L E E S TIM A TE S en 
Pam iing P apering, Sh*«treck, 
Window Otass. Repair*. Budget 
T trm i ta ll S. Hackberry 
Paper Hanging. Fainting Work 
G uaranteed References Fur ni.had Commercial and Reside" 
•tai Reasonable 
Jack Williams 
M* 7*22 
F i l i i * i f i f r i B4IM TW G 
Tnt w'fWi pickup 
* '* * 

P A IN T IN G 

 min* narc I . ion •< ut e *7 3 * I PU r r f f p r r w x o r . il s A w s rs ffv m s 

T 7 ^ ta in r ? u ,« 
Vet vice City Wld* f f o r iR t iy ; 

'•carolin g 

F T I H T IN 6' 

1 K 7 T 7 
• *37 412 rrns 

O q v ## M M'Q 
APT tWOVING S P EC IALITY 
*59578$ 

Tap SPU, Choice Southed.' 
Prtcas Can tp ra g d 15948?I 
Ypp V B li. B r a v ii D e liv e r o u t 
Spread 
MW 
M d 
NE 
859114*. 
4)94215 
T W " W IL 

MUVUfll eau *58 l l / * 
M 
MoYIN6 CU. t ^ r x i r n T T 1 

♦ ii i n t i 
• w e 

*AO)/lW<fk'(oHeee tiu U *n l" 2 y r* pr8*8S>l*kgi rn *vin# cep I proc* 
S A N D . G R A V E L or baus*«u( R M in a b le , lr * * est 

PRIDE ' F r*e Evi l l * *57* i febinhn# t i y r* e spar tam e F r t i bs! Hp tab ta sm all Clean w ark 
I 5)98)28 or 229*817________ 
I H o o fin g a n d F a in tin g , F ro # 
Bstim ata* ITO W I pc *71717* 

P L U M B IN G 

Thai you pro opt using cgW Mr LOM l f 131*11) 
P roust 

A C arnon ta r from Rooting ta Ppundption in N to d of le k . 
I Feu rid* lien No 
JPK TPP S m g tll F ra y ( s t 
A ll 
Wars G uarani**# *17 M I* 

IT S EAST TO PLACE A 
E • p a E IS n e w s 
WANT AO IM <o*8 

 i Coli I anet. 4*4 84*5 
S O T T moving and houiino Y a rd mere 414 1*18 

 bp dim * $)1 5|«$ 

T R E E S E R V IC E 

7 X T r i « h T 7 I 7 t r t * r T f M 
E ib m ales 
JESSIE 
411 7758 PT 
* * I a 1 * 
Tree. and shrubs, l r im m pd pad cut dawn I tee Est 848 I I I * ir e * * ond shrub* trim m ed or ta ken dawn S r** hauling J*I rest 
TREES. 
M KDG61 
Cut Trim Haul 
DAVIS 7)1 1*11 FOLKS 8*6 88*8 
Tree, lr im mea cheap 

TV R E P A IR S 
R E N T A L S 

F REB ESTIM ATES. 7 DATS ^ 
HgnaP LQw »>K»» *1987*8 
; F E U EST 
Tv Repa ir 7 day*. 

Y A R D W ORK 

I C o m m *rT ta rT ro s T 3 a *fM » n p ta 
1 leantn*. hauling, traps trim m ed 
: M i m s 
__________________ _ 
O m ondeP ta y a rd m a n . F lp w o r 
I Beds, Light Huul. General clean 
I ME, 3598*81__________________ _ 
Law **. Cut Trim Edgod Leave. 
VPC gum *d Anytime 51) U U __ 
Trees. Lawn., Hedge. Trim m ed and Houma Reow n oui* $5547*1 
T urd W ork, lr* # trim m in g , ta rt 
P L L P L U M B IN G Job 
I b d , ____ . weak 
Fro# 
Eof 
Low pncos [. ******6- Mad .ta p in g , M i $858 
*1* H it- 
IT s E A $y TO PLACE A 
A Mu .tor Plum ber k o p p irs end 
I * F H I %% H I WX re m o d e lin g 
C o il b ic h o r d w a n t AO >1$ loo* r n Solo or 41)1441 
I LxOHUS ADS 
ADS ONLY m 

P a g e 
2 8 - C 
H 
S a n A n t o n i o E X P R E S S - N E W S — 
S u n d d y T e b r u a r y 2 o 1 9 7 7 
Farm 

332 MICHON SALE 
932 
AilCTiOW SALE m 
- m m w 
932 AOCTimSAU 

I 
' 

$ 5 o o , o o o . o o I n v e n t o r y 
Wilson & Son Liquidating Auctioneers 

% 

B / q 

AUCTION 
AUCTION MEANS ACTION 
PRENGLER’S BARGAIN STORE 
HOUSE OF BARGAINS 
2528 ELM ST., DALLAS, TEXAS 
^ 
FOR DEALERS ONLY! To Be Sold In Largo LotsI 

C O M P L E T E L IN E O F L A D I E S ', M E N S , A N D C H IL D R E N 'S W E A R 

F IR S T L IN E M E R C H A N D IS E 

T H U R S D A Y , FE B . 2 4 - 1 1 : o o A . M . 

S*UTHi 

 rn rn rn rn 

BIG SMITH JEAN JACKETS 

B la n k e t L in e d 
LEE DOUBLE KNIT JACKETS 

W e s te r n C u t 
BIG SMITH JEANS 

A ll S iz e s 
MEN’S WRANGLER JEANS 
MEN'S WESTERN SHIRTS 
LEATHER WORK GLOVES 
MEN’S UNDERWEAR 
ACME BOOTS 
DAN POST BOOTS 
MEN’S SHOES 
MEN’S LEE JACKETS 

BOY’S HOODED JACKETS 
BOY’S LEE JEANS 
BOY’S WESTERN SHIRTS 
CHILDREN’S VINYL JACKETS 
CHILDREN’S SHIRT JACKS 
TUBE SOCKS 
KNEE SOCKS 
LADIES LEE WESTERN SHIRTS 
LADY LEE JEANS 
LADIES SHOES 
CHILDREN’S SHOES 
RUBBER BOOTS 
MEN’S WORK CLOTHES 
AU NAME BRAND MERCHANDISE - TOO NUMEROUS TO LIST - THOUSANDS OF OTHER ITEMS 
IF YOU NEED TO STOCK YOUR STORE, OON’T MISS THIS AUCTION! WE Ll SEE YOU THERE. AIL 
% SALES ARE FINAL EVERYTHING MUST BE PAID FOR THE DAY OF THE SALE - CASH, CASHIERS rn CHECK, OR MONEY ORDER. FOR FURTHER INFORMATION CALL: 
HANRY WILSON (2 1 4 ) 9 6 3 -7 7 5 7 
# 
WILSON A SON LIQUIDATING AUCTIONEERS m 
AUCTIONEERS - BUYERS - APPRAISERS Lie. No TxGS 77 o418 
J (214) 963-7157 
BOX 84F2, VAN, TX. 
(214) 963-7757 

W 
W e Buy Entire Stocks of Merchandise; Let Us Buy or Liquidate Your Stock 

• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
A 
# 
# 
# 
# 
# 
# 
# 
# 
# 

2 n o gallon metal conic w aterin' tanks. E x c e lle n t co n d itio n . $3$ each Coll 826-1 SSS________ 
HD i t Allis Chalmers Tractor and 

PUBLIC AUCTION 

F o r e c lo s u r e S a le 
Selling for First National Bank of Chicago the assets of: 

PEDEN INDUSTRIES INC 
7oo N. San Jacinto, Houston, Texas 

Tuesday - February 22nd - IO A.M. 

Selling office furnishings and machines from ap­ proximately 125 offices. Approximately 4oo file cabinets, 2oo desks, secretarial chairs, swivel chairs, arm chairs, cakulators, adding machines, typewriters, credenzas, drafting tables, drafting light, drafting stools, etc. Also selling: 12 forklifts, electric box stacker, drills, 2 wheel dollies, 4-wheel carts, Otis 
Baker pull trucks, and approximately $13o,ooo various size tubing. 

GROVER HOWELL CO. 

9611 Jensen Dr. Houston, Tx. 77o93 

(713) 697-2997 

 license Number TxGC-77-o154 

Doter, io n Root Plow, Good Coo 
(titian 512-444-237o call evenings 
John Deere «4oo Combine, 4 row corn heoder and Mn. grain plat­ form SI 2-374-3662; lf no answer, 
374-37o2. 
*o1o. «oio jo h n 6 e e r e 
Diesel, 536-6711_________ 
Jubilee Ford T ractor, good clean condition 722-o683 
M f 14 semi-mtd. 4 bottom plow. 
Also sm aller plows ond tractors. 
648-1131, 456-2678 
I IM and t h Pord T ractors, Late 
■ M odel 3ooo F o rd T ra c to rs , I3S and 16S Massey Ferguson T ra c ­ tors. Used P lanters and C u ltiva­ tors 2 and 4 row 
D IETZ TRACTOR CO. 
1-379 1945 or 658-1288 
S22 IH1o Seguin 
Me w d ie s e l V r A c t 6 r s a l e , 
3o h p. S37So. S7 h p $595o. 7o h.p. 
$4954. 85 h p. » m o . USED TRAC­ 
TORS, 2o th ru SS h p. J O. 125 bushel grinder m ixer S2So4 New 
; Owatonna 9 n W indrow er $35oo 
DODGEN EQ U IPM EN T CO. 8223 
S. Presa, 532-41 SI. 
__________ 
RdCK P IC K E R , h y d ra u lic con trot im. 23o1 Nogalitos, 534 4711 i'CTo htX Y "IiSED ow aY6n A 
Self Propelled W indrow er. Diesel 
Powered a ir cond cab. New price ever $18,ooo. Sale P rice $695o 
THE TORGERSON CO 
S33-SMS, 739 Sieves 
J T e e T 

D e a t h 
N o t i c e s 

I i i —Deaths 

B O N E 
C raig Eugene Bone, age 8. o« 12S 
E. M andalay D r., passed aw ay 
F rida y, Feb. 18, 1977 In a Houston hospital. N ative of San Antonio. 
S u rv iv o rs : M o th e r and fa th e r, 
M r. and M rs. Steven E. Bone of 
San Antonio; great-grandm other, 
M rs. M ild re d Adams of San An­ to n io ; m a te rn a l g ra n d p a re n ts , 
M r. and M rs. James A. M orrison of San A ntonio; paternal g ra n d ­ parents, M r. and M rs. Eugene 
Bone of Austin, Texas; b ro th e r, 
Jam es S. Bone of San A ntonio. 
Funeral Services w ill be conduct­ ed 3:oo p.m. M onday in Mission 
P o rk F u n e ra l Chapel. C o n trib u ­ tions m ay be sent to Leukem ia 
S o c ie ty o l 
A m e ric a , 
In c . 
Arrangem ents bv 

B U IL D IN G S , F a rm , 
R a nch E q u ip m e n t, H a y a n d 
Horse Barns. Pipe Pens. 337-6931 days or nftes. m i L T S T I i e R o ck fo r lo n g 
I wheel bose pickup. $1oo. 923-2627. 
[Steel Cattle rocks for short n a r­ row bod pickup $34 8247 

I 

M IS S IO N P \ K K 
FUNERAL CHAPELS 
17oo S E M ilita ry Dr. 

IBI—Deaths 

F o r e d o s u r e 
AUCTION 
TUESDAY • MARCH I - 2 P.M. 
Selling: 
SEGUIN HOUSE RESTAURANT 
(Formally Bel-Air Steak House) 
6o6 N. 123 By-Pass Highway 
SEGUIN, TEXAS 
SELLING BUILDING. LAND & EQUIPMENT 
SAU TO Bf HELD Al TNI GUADAlUPf COUNTY COURTHOUSE, 
S IM I*, TEXAS AT 7 PJR., MARCH I. 
— O r d e r o f S a le — 
I. To be sold as a whole Real Estate & Eq. 
2 Real Estate O n ly 
3. Equiment O n ly — AS A W HO LE 
R IA L ESTATE; 
1.88 Acres land, with 18o ft frontage on N 123 By-Poss Highway A total of 
81,897 sg ft. of which approx 5o,ooo sq. ft. is paved for parking 
BUILDING — 5,2oo Sg. Et. oil steel 8 metal. Hill Country Rock, gloss front, on concrete slab Tile 8 carpeting l-shaped dining room seats approx 125. lounge area seats opprox. 45 Two rest looms. Central Heat 8 Air Building is approx 3 yrs. old. Has large kitchen t storoge orca, plus office area ond lounge 
EUUT I OUIPPfD KITCHEN. Partial listing Modern appliances, 6x8 walk in heeler, 8x1o walk in cooler, Howard 2-dr stainless reach in cooler, SMI-1 
Remote Control fire safety system, SS tables, pots 8 pans, dishes, silverware, carts, mixers, scales, Southbend Double Oven Stove, Blate double oven, other oven 8 stoves, Brooder Mod 14ooE, Wuard Upright Fleecer, 8o 8 166 gal. hotwater heaters. Scotsman Ice Machine, 8x1o Deviants Walk in cooler local ed outside bldg Many, many misc items 
TERMS: Cash Check with letter of credit horn bank 8 proper ID 2S% down day of sale Balance on closing Trustee's Deed to be furnished 
INSPECTION: Can be arranged by contacting auctioneer Alto open house 
Feb 27th 8 28th (Sunday even 2 to S P M All day Monday, Feb. 28th J 
SAU FOR BENEFIT OF SMAIL BUSINESS ADMINISTRATION 
For further information A brochure, contact 
COL RALPH SEGARS I ASSOCIATES 
5924 ROYAL LANE # 1 o o 
DALLAS, TEXAS 7523o 
(214) 369-82S 2 or 3 4 1 -6 oo 4 

T g x a s R w rm lt M T X -O S -7 7 o O 1 B 

AUCTION 

Rain or Shin* 

THURSDAY • FIB. 24 - l l AJA. 

Selling: 

JULIO-VIRA, LTD. 

(Bridal Shop) 

INVENTORY AND OFFICE 
EQUIPMENT 

Sale to be held at: 
CULVER THANH!! A 

STORAGE CO. 
3939 NORTH PAN AM 

EXPRESSWAY 
SAN ANTONIO, TEXAS 
Partial Listing: 
Wedding Gowns, asstd sues 8 colors (expensive names), bridal slips I bros, bridal dress bags, bridesmaids gowns 8 formal weal, misc long 8 short veils, bridal hats 8 headpieces, misc bridal accessories Mannequins, dress rocks 8 Islands full length mirrors, misc. display rocks 

Off!ce Equipment 
Misc chews 8 desks, typewriter stands, metal shelving, filing cobmets, folding work tobies, calculators and adding ma chines, (2) refrigerators, sec tional sofa, mit items. 
TERMS: Cash Checks excepted with propel ID 8 letter af credit horn bank 
SAU FO* MN FETT Of SMALL u n u m ADM. 
Ram1 RnmpBBnaw IwFex ware Ae e> ail Et 
TwF 
IW fw P f H I H IUINNI rn brochure, eel ac writa anc* 

C o n s ig n e d t o we b y . . .B R I S T O L A N T I Q U I S L T O . 

PARTIAL LISTING: Executive roll top desk, S4 inch, with S roll — Player ptono in very good condition - Four section stock bookcase with loaded doors - Ook school toother s desk - Side by side bookcase - with leoded glass doors — Pair of ornate plant stands — 
Several loge bookcases, some with leaded glass doors - Flat top oak desk - Bedside commodes - Towel rods of all descriptions - Two pianas - Chest of drawers - tar stool - Pine 3-step commode - 
Sideboards - Bentwood chairs - Wash stands - Highly carved choir - 
Brass top table - Park* tables - Pine trunk - Windsor choir - Pine tobies — Pine chest — Pine linen press — intones — Bedroom suites — 
Dressers - Ook Queen inn choirs - Wash stands - Wicker choirs — 
Holt trees — Beveled mirrors ond frames — Writing box — Bamboo bookcase — Top hats ond hat boxes — Assortment of old Navy clothes 
— Monde docks — and mony others. Carved Piano sfoools 

CAMBRIDGE GLASS BOWL. 18" Diameter, WAYWARD 
HO pattern. 2 pa* hanging lampe, beanie corr pea lion ret. 
2 piece bedroom suite: satin wolnut holt hotter bed with large armoire. 

F o r * 
Iow a I b if o r m * H o n C o ir 5 I 3 3 9 « 3 7 o 1 a r 1 * 3 - 7 o o 3 
GARY FOGLEMAN 

T H E T O R G E R S O N C O . 
1739 Stovat______________ $33 St45 
Iw A N T E D : R ubber T ire d F o rm 
Traitor to haul 8ooo lh. and 2 row ro llin g c u ltiv a to r. C a ll C o lle ct, otter 6pm, 663-2277. 

TM — Fwneral Directors • 

 newer o u u r a poa W. Houlton 
337- M A I 
, -Si, - ,.. „O utgi iM ^ i . rf tdk U 

41 £ BOOi 
Funeral 
L RODRIGUEZ 
HOMB 

Pra-Noed Arrangements 

. 511 Guadalupe St. 
226-6111 

 ira o k z b iU 
711 S.E. M ilita ry 
923-7523 

8oS6 Fredericksburg 696-7111 

B r i l r r r B t 

2ooo S. W W W hile 
337-4o82 

P a l m 

3711 So. Z an a m o ra 
924-4548 

C A N S IN O 
Manuel Cantino, Sr., 2619 Pecan 
Valley D r„ p a tte d away in a local hospital F rid a y. Fob. 18, 1977 a1 the age of 7o years. S u rv iv o rs : 
W itt, M rs. Dolores M. C a ntino; daughters, Nancy Nay C antino, 
G loria H orrora, M ary Alice Proa and M ary Lou Lozano; son, M an­ uel Cantino. Jr., all of Son Anton­ io ; stepdaug hte r, O rie B o n illa ; s te p s o n , 
A r th u r 
R a y m o n d 
M ontes, both of DaUas; sisters, 
C andelaria Luora, Anita V a ldet, 
M a rg a rita CostUlela, G uadalupe 
A bad, C ity, M a ria Montes, Hous­ ton; brothers. Jose Cantino and 
R ica rd o C a n tin o , J r., C ity ; 12 g ra n d c h ild re n , 
3 great-grandchildren. R osary w ill be recited in the Dellcrest Chapel 
M o n d a y, Feb. 21 a t 7:oo p.m . 
F un era l P rocession w ill d ep art 
(ro m D e llc re s t C hapel at 8:3o a m. Tuesday. Feb. 22nd for Fun­ e ra l M ass to be o tte re d In St. 
M argaret M ary's Catholic Church of 8:45 a rn. w ith Rev. M a rv in 
D oerfler as Celebrant. The in te r­ m e n t w ill fo llo w in F o rt Sam 
Houston N ational C em etary. A r­ rangements with 

S r l l r r m 
! 
3QOO Sa W W. White Rd 
337-4o83 

F L E T C H E R 
Rev. Robert A. Fletcher, 62, of 13o 
S hasta A ve . e n te re d in to re s t 
F riday. Feb. 18, 1977. S urvivors: 
W ife, M rs. B e a tric e F le tc h e r; sons, R o b e rt A. F le tc h e r J r ., 
P h illip W F le tc h e r; dau ghte rs, 
M rs . S h irle y V a n H o rn , M rs . 
Patsy Krueger and M rs. Carolyn 
D r is c h ; b ro th e rs . R a y m o n d 
F le tc h e r, M a rcu s Loo F le tc h e r and Bobby F letcher; sisters, M rs. 
G e o rg ia S a u e r, M rs . P e g g y ) 
B u c k in g h a m a n d M rs . F e r n 1 
Houston; 17 grandchildren. Rev. 
F le tc h e r was a m in is te r of the 
A sse m b ly of G od F a ith and a m em ber of the K e lly A ir Force 
Base R etired F ire fig h te rs Assn. 
F u n e ra l S e rv ic e s w ill be held 
Monday at 2:oo p.m. at the Broo- h ere ill C h apel w ith R e v. D. A 
Watson officiating. Interm ent w ill follow at San Jose B u ria l P ark. 
Arrangem ents with 

. Hranktbill 
711 S. E* M ilita ry D r. 
923-7S23 

IBI—Deaths 

N E U M A N 
M r. A rthur Aaron Neuman, 74, of 
11711 Caprock, died Feb. 18. Re­ sident of San A ntonio 45 years. 
Member of Congregation Agudas 
Achira, San A ntonio Lodge No. 
1o79 A F & A M and B 'N a i B rith . 
M r. Neuman wos the president of th e 
N e u m a n 
D is tr ib u tin g 
Company. S u rvivors: W ife, M rs. 
Lon o re S. N e u m a n ; d a u g h te r, 
M rs. Jack (M a rily n n ) G erso n; son, Sterling S. Neuman, a ll of San 
Antonio, grandchildren, Courtney 
G erson, C raig G erson, P am ela 
Neuman and Wendy Neuman, all o f San A n to n io ; s is te r, M rs . 
E m ilia W ein stein, C hicago, III. 
Services 2:3o p.m. Sunday, Feb. 
2o, Roy A kers Funeral Chapels, 
Rabbi Am rom Prero and Cantor 
Louis Goldhtrsh officiating. In te r­ m ent A gudas A ch lm M e m o ria l 
Gardens. P a llb earers, Stanford 
Weiner, Abe Efrom , Poli S andier, 
Jam es Schlein, G eorge Steinth 

P a llb e a re rs, Col. L. E. S torey, I' g u e s t 
Sam Lifshutz, Julius Sideman 

515 No. M a in 
226-72o1 

 fto u m s ftb e 
FUNERAL HOME 
63o1 S. FLORIS 
9 2 2 - 6 3 3 9 

John M . G rim es, D ire c to r 

C A N T U 
M r. Edm und Vega Cantu. S3, of 
A m a rillo . Texas died Feb. IS in th a t c ity . M r. C o n tg w a s a m em ber of St. John 's C a tho lic 
C hurch. S u rv iv o rs : W ife, M rs. 
Guadalupe Cantu, A m arillo, Tex.; sons, L a r r y , Leo , D a n n y and 
Tom m y Cantu; daughter, Irm o 
C a n tu , a ll of A m a r illo , T e x .; brothers, A V. Cantu, J r , Pete 
Cantu and Rudy Cantu, oil of San 
Antonio; m other, Mrs. Josephine 
L. Cantu. San Antonio. Graveside services and interm ent were held 
IO a m. Saturday, Feb 19, at San 
Fernando C em etery No. 2, Rev. 
John Ross officiated. 

 k e / u 

515 No. M a in 
226 72o1 

F L O R E S 
M r. Carlos R. Flores, 166 MOSCO­ 
SO St., born in San Antonio, Tex. 
O d . 12, 1949 entered rest F riday, 
Feb. 18, 1977 a t th e age of 27 years. M r. Flores hod been a life­ tim e re s id e n t of San A n to n io . 
R osary w ill be recited in the Max 
M a rtin e t Chapel Monday. Feb. 21 at 8:oo p.m. Requiem Mass w ill be ottered Tuesday. Feb. 22, at o:15 a m. from St. M a rtin De Porres 
Catholic Church, 173o Dahlgreen 
St. w ith Rev. B a ldw in V e rh e lst 
CICM officiating Concluding ser­ v ic e s w ill fo llo w In F o rt Sam 
Houston National Cemetery Sur­ vivors: Wife, M rs. Janie Flores; parents, M r. and M rs. M anuel M. 
F lo re s ; d a u g h te rs, Susie Jean 
Flores, Laurie Flores; sons, Car­ los Juan Flores, sisters, M rs. Jo­ sie Sa riche;, M rs. Susie E scam illa of San Antonio, Miss O ralla Flores of Houston, T ex.; brothers, M r. 
Manuel A. Flores, Jr., M r. Ernes to Flores of San Antonio, M r. Al bono R. Flores of San Francisco, 
C a lif.; nephews and nieces. S ir vices under the direction of 

H u e M a r tin e z 
3o15 W M a rtin 
227-6381 

H e ttie L u e B ro o k s o f H o t 
James Schlein, George stem tn 
<• 
A r k w i l l h e orpe, Aaron Gllckmait. Honorary I ;5P r m 9 s > ^ r n . , w il l D e s p e a k e r a t a 

 m e e t in g a t 9 : 3 o a . m . 

W e d n e s d a y o f t h e W o ­ 

 m e n 's A g lo w F e llo w s h ip , 

 a C h r is t ia n c h a r is m a t ic 

 o r g a n iz a t io n . T h e g a t h ­ 

 e r i n g , f o l l o w e d b y a 

 lu n c h e o n , w i ll b e in th e 

 b a llr o o m o f t h e R a m a d a 

In n , IH 4 1 o a t S a n P e - 

, d r o 
A v e n u e . 
R e s e rv a ­ 

 t io n s c a n b e m a d e b y 

 c a l l i n g 
6 5 6 - 3 5 8 7 o r 

3 4 4 - 1 6 1 2 . 

P I E R R O 
M R . 
C A R LO S 
P IE R R O , 
9419 
Rhoda St., born In 
D e l 
R io , 
T e x a s 
S ept. 14. 1921, e n te re d re s t 
Friday, Feb. 18, 1977 at the age of 
SS years. 
ROSARY-MONDAY-7:OO PM 
ALAMO CHAPELS 
MASS-TUESOAY-9: IS AM 
ST. STEPHENS CHURCH 
2127 S. Zarzam ora St. w ith Rev Charles H e rtlg as cele­ brant and interm ent to follow In 
Ft. Sam Houston National Ceme­ tery. S urvivors: Daughters, Mrs. 
A lb e rt (L in d a ) Reyes, H a w a ii, 
M iss J a n ic e P le rro , M c A lle n , 
Texas; son, Carlos P le rro , J r., 
C ity; brother, Alex Plerro, M cA l­ le n , T e x a s ; 4 g ra n d c h ild re n ; several nieces and nephews. M r 
P le rro was a veteran of WW ll and has resided in San Antonio most of his life. Services under the d ire c tio n of a m e m b e r of The 
Lelon Cude Fam ily of 

T M * 4 e *m o 
1731 
N. Jklam qjrt Brooklyn 

R g d e o 
T i m e 

94o LIVESTOCK FEEO SEEDS 
94o • LIVESTOCK FEEO SEEDS 

AUCTION 
On the Premises 
TUESDAY - FEB. 22 - IO AM 

J A L BEVERAGES OF 
SAN ANTONIO, INC. 
4679 B. WALZEM ROAD 
SAN ANTONIO, TEXAS 

COMPLETE BOTTLING PLANT, including 
Equipment, Lifts, Inventory A Office Eq. 

— O rd e r O f S a l* — 
(11 O ff a r a d a * a w h o le 
( 2 ) O ff e r e d P ie c e -M e a l 
( 

Bf _.,t-f jj.j. la jixiicsiImFe) a 
BmjBBUII I relpWreFRMyp aa 88W WO I 
Earl 
Mete n o partial luting al bottling equipment ottered in this tole Mayer 
Quorate 12 mda Rather #87/38 UM 4 78 Filler S/M965. Crown Cork 
12 head m utt, ton ye yon, complete with inspection lights, ouumulohon table guard rads, trench, drive moton, etc 5oo GNI Saturate*, lot Ho 
Cooler Mixing tanks weoven, stain let! crown Hopper, 3-24" Inftko water Wien w/htlMgt 8 gouges (rem heater, watei treatment tanks, water I syrup pumps (guipment is set up ond ready to operate 7 
My 
Boy lifts, 3 Msg Jo* Lift Trucks, Hand pull Multttan lift, floor safes, 4 • 
Checkout counters, 4o shopping carts, pallets, spore parts for bottling equipment, wark benches, ref (teeter 5 NCI Cash legnters Model 71o 
Hadronic, 8 dopts 
IN VINT o8Y; 
Approx 3ooo casas soft drinks (diet 8 regular), approx 65oo cotes bot­ tles. asstd suet. plastic cotes, apptox 3ooo empty plastic cases, (OOO lh tugor, 5o cs bottle crowns, 125 gal syrup 8 misc other items 

Office equipment 
I 

Desks, choirs, sofa, hie cabinets, etc 

TUMAS: Cath (hacks oueptod with lattoi of crtdit from your bonk 8 proper IO 

Iwepartiaa may ho wade by cawta 

: 

COL RALPH SEGARS A 
ASSOC 
5924 ROYAL U N I 
#1oo 

DAUAS, TEXAS 7523o 
(214) 369-1252 or 
341-6oo4 
IMM tam* Wtl-OL77-oo18 

Agad buckskin arr orooa m ara, 
14 3H, gentle I 486 2882__________ 

A H A L E T R A I L E R S 
Horse Stock and Gooseneck 
Now and Used; tor Sole or Rant 
Also toed Barrels w ith Lids 
SLIM P O IL CO. O ff IH 17 
S33-S1S! 
4o4 
Carolina nttas 
344-7215 
A H O H ( U h V a ry 6 e n tie and 

 i may ha mode by contact!** J 
Opa* ham J ta 5 B JI. aa 5aad*y a I f a t IO A l i d - f*r further ref* i brochure, coated c o t. RALPH SIGARS A ASSOC IA TIS 
5 9 3 4 ROYAL LA N I A IOO 
DALLAS, T IX AS TS 2 3 o 
(2 1 4 ) 369 8 2 5 2 or 2 4 1 -o o o 4 
T * x o b N r e d l m n - o 8 - 7 7 - o o I E 
I A U PO R MBB4FTT O P S M A I I R U S . A O M . 

I Lovable $7SO 349-1941___________ 
Am saddle biX rd nay g ird in g J 
| yrs ROOS. 341 1565 
Appaloosa, a ir, m ares and fillies. 
I som e b re d to P rin c e P la u d it 
Joker B Stud. 341-o364 otter 6pm 
AGHA blue roan m are, S6to, Sor- 
I rel more SISO I 899 7917 
AQ m a b ro o d m a re , » y rs . 18-1. 
I Sire AAA, AAA Producer DAM: i a a a Producer $5oo 1-379-39oo. 
1 AQUA Reg 1974 Chestnut M are. 
I Miss Gampy Bars, Professionally 
I tra in e d In W e ste rn P le a s u re . 
Vary 
Gentle 
Ready to 
Show 
; 696 7479 
A t STUD 
AQMA Palom ino -G o 
I Elegance" 824-3913 633-2728 
I B a b y h a lv a s 1 1 o -iso 
G ra s s 
I Calves $6o-811o. 922-8449 
B e a u tifu l B ay Q u a rte r M a re , 

TREATED 
POST AND POLES 
FtUNVDffOBY a iA IA N a 
STOCK SHOW DISCOUNT 
CASH AND CARRY 
PHONE OR COME BY 
SOUTH LOOP 
LUMBER CO. 
3 5 1 o RO O SEVELT 
9 2 2 - 6 3 o 6 

Dedicated 
Service 
Since 1896 

2 2 7 3 1 3 6 
Riebe-Saunders 
Chapels 

1119 N . S t. M a ry '$ 

C O N T R E R A S 
M rs. Juliana C ontreras of 9o2 Ve­ ra Crux entered into rest on Fab. 
18, 1977 a t tho aga of 73 years. 
Survivors: Son, Robert G ratedo. d a u g h te rs, A n g e lito R o d rtg u e i and Lucy Casanova. Rosary ser­ vice w ill be held Sunday Feb. 2o, 
1977 at 7:oo p.m. at Palm Heights 
C hapel. F u n e ra l S e rv ic e s w ill 
I depart Palm Heights M onday at 
1o 3o a.m. followed bv a Funeral 
Moss at H OO a.rn at St. James 
C atholic Church. In te rm e n t w ill follow at San Fernando No. 2. A r­ rangements with 

J a lm 
JZI1 So. Z a ria m o ro 
924-45*1 

F O R S Y T H E 
M rs. Catherine Shell Forsythe, 76, of 2o3 T hom as J e ffe rs o n , died 
Fab. 14. Resident of Son Antonio 
SO ye a rs, m e m b e r of the F irs t 
B a ptist Church. Services I p.m . 
T u e sd a y. Fab. 22, R oy A k a rs 
F un era l Chapels. In te rm e n t Ft. 
Sam Houston National Cemetery. 

515 N o M a in 
2 2 ^ 7 2 o ) 

R A N G E L 
Mrs. Agrtpina H. Range), 9o, 2622 
E. Commerce St., died Saturday, 
Feb. 19, 1977. S urvivors: Sisters, 
Mira. Candelaria Quesada of San 
Antonio, M rs. E n riquetta Gaona o f M e x ic o ; a ls o s u rv iv e d by s e v e ra l n ie c e s o n d n e p h e w s. 
Fuaeral services Monday at The 
Angelus Chapel. Interm ent in City 
Cemetery No. 3. Arrangem ents by 

THE 
ANGELUS 
HOME 
Henry G uerra 

FU N E R A L 

F O X 
M r. Glenn Fox, 43. of 141 T errell 
Rd., died Feb. 18. Resident of San 
A n to n io 3o y e a rs . S u rv iv o rs : 
Wife, Mrs. M ary C. Fox, San An­ tonio; sister, M rs. Lots W illiam s, 
Yoakum , Tex. Services IO a.m . 
Monday. Feb. 71, Roy Akers Fun­ eral Chapels, Rev. Claud Bonum, 
Jr. officiating. Interm ent San Jose 
B u rial Park. 

515 No. M a in 
226-72o1 

936 Po6SXAT8 BIRDS PETS 

Pornsnund M in males long n o ir; c o lo r, q u a lity u n e x c e lle d ; by 
Ch Taunswald 
B ritt 
M ono 
876-o591 
D apple D achshunds A o r Sale. 
1547 W M ognollo, 732 7787 
Doberman P u ppet male $166 
344-S77I. d o b e rm a n P uppies. AKC Reg I Good Conform ation 484-391o. s L f ' f f i & x ! * - ? 
»<G 4Fouri»ldina llo rs e i S3oo up 
Shots, foils docked I 379-6342 
*27 3663 *72 3o93 «7ra39)3 

Blankenship Brahm an Ranch 
Reg Brahm an Bulls, very gentle 
$12-824-9773 ; 427-2281. 
Build # a rm and Ranch fences, 
Also, Rock D rilling. 677-8212 
Coastal B u rm u d o S p rig D igger and 2 row S prig P la n te r. Good cond I 947 366$ 
Coastal Hay in B a in Si SO 
I _______ 421 2o19 ; 421 2271 
Coastal hay. SITS per bale Red top hay, $1 6o p e r bole 
12S79 
Wetmore Rd 494 6o77 

 doberm an puppies, $85 J1 i w k i 
Accepting deposits 6S3 1189 tT ib 'LISH Bulldog. I yr old m al* with papers Must have fenced In yord. 226-6779 f em oi* Collie, 2 '» yrs old $3o 
49b U M . 
Free good watch dogs. 7 yrs old. both m ala m ixe d G erm an She­ pherd, 434-45o8, coll after Sons 

German Shepherd Pups for safe 
875 No Papers Coll 534 o448 
G erman Shepherd pups. AKC reg 
Hood bloodline 923 $26o 
C IV * Aw a y , I SC Z r indle kitten and I black female, six weeks old 
923 245o 

Johnson Grass Hay $1.2$ a ball 
453-98oo 
KU INGRASS SEED 
G overnm ent tested and labeled, 
$4.SO p er lb p .I.$ w h ile it lasts. 
Discount tar IOO Ibraor m ore W il­ lia m s , R I. 2, Box 44. B a n d e ra 
796-3419 evenings 
L f l'i 'U R * B A B L E S under new m anage m ent. H orses boa rde d, gentled ond trained 496-8917 
L Lim ousin I yrs -E cla ir 2 
Bloods, I, w ith ’(B ra h m a n . ser viceabie o u t 68b 3266 

Macdona Auction Sale 
Evory Sat 12 Noon, Coiffe, sheep, goats, horses. 12 m l. S.W S A . 
F orm Rd 2173, Macdona, Tx. 
M eiai cattle racks fo r step-ild e pickup $125 667-147o otter 7pm 
M if t t 'k F i fee A tty B a it ------- 
FertilK ers-butk and sacked 
Spreaders ond spreador trucks 
L Y T L E F E E O A N D S E E D 
822-3472 
1-772-3231 

C O O K S E Y 
M rs. Em olto Shirley Cooksey, ope 
45 years of Berkoley, C alli, diod 
Thursday, Feb 17, 1977 in B e r­ keley, C a lli sne is su rvive d bv her m other, M rs. Edna G arrison; sis to r, M rs. C h a rle s ENO M en­ ife e ; aunt, M rs. Helen B rodiev ; a n d o h o s t o f re la tiv e s a n d friends. Services w ill be held from 
Bemol AME Church at 1:oo p.m. 
F rida y, Fob. 2S. 1977, Rev. Pron­ to L. Woods officiating, interm ent 
C ity C e m e te ry N o. 3. A r r a n gem in is bv 

SUTTON-SUTTON M ORTUARY 
43o N. C herry St. 
224-7283 

G A L V A N 
Roberto L. Galvan, age 47 years, residence 1o3 J e ffre y St , born 
Oec. 14, 19o8 here In San Antonio. 
Texas passed aw ay Feb. 18, 1977, local hospital S urvivors: Sisters, 
Adelino G. V illa rre a l and E ith e r 
G Salinas; 5 nieces. IO nephews, other re la tiv e s . R o sary w ill be 
/le tte d Monday, 8:oo p m a tO rtli 
M ortuary. Funeral departs Tues d ay 9:oo a rn 
M ass St. Ann i 
C h urch 9 JO a m. In te rm e n t in 
Catholic Cem etery, Lorebo, Tex­ as. Arrangem ents by 

ORTIZ M OR TUARY, INC. 
3114 Culebro Rd. 
432-o987 

R O D R IG U EZ 
LUI Rodriguez, age 75, of 4235 San 
Fernando St., born May 2o, 19o1 In 
San Luis, M exico, p oised away 
F ib . 17, 1977. S u rv iv o rs : H u s­ band, Isabel R o d rig u e i; sons, 
P ablo, A resteo, Z a ra g o sa ond 
Santiago R o d rig u e z; 2o g ra n d ­ c h ild re n , six g re a t g r a n d c h il­ dren; sister, Juan ita M e drono; brothers. V icente. Jose A resteo and Luis M ireles, other relatives. 
Rosary w ill be recited Sunday at 8 p m at me Ortiz M ortuary. Fun­ eral service w ill depart Monday at 11:3o a m tor Mass in St. Jude 
Church at 12 Noon, Interm ent in 
San F ernando C em etery No. 2. 
Arrangem ents bv 

Man is j found hanging 

A medical examiner’s 

 ruling is pending in the death of a young man found hanging in his bedroom Saturday. 
Police identified the 

 victim as Albert Christ 
Jr ., 
21, of 
1o3 
S. 

Zarzamora St. 
Police said the victim 

 was found in his up­ stairs bedroom closet shortly before 9 a m. A belt had been tied ar­ ound his neck and the other end was hooked to a coathanger, police said. 
Christ was later 

 pronounced dead at 
Green Hospital. 
2 nabbed 
^ in killings 

 to u ris ts 

G U T I E R R E Z 
Miss Francisco G utierrez of 17o9 
W. G era ld entered in to re st on 
Fob. 17, 1977 a t th e age of 92 years. S u rv iv o rs : B ro th e r, He rib e rto G u tie rre z ; s e v e ra l ne­ phews and nieces. Rosary service w ill be held Sunday, Feb. 2o. 1977 a t 7:3o p m . a t P a lm H e ig h ts 
C hapel. F u n e ra l S e rv ic e s w ill deport Palm Heights M onday of 
12:3o p m. follow ed by F un era l 
-----------------------------------------------— —I Moss at 1:oo p m. at St. Joseph 
D E L G A D O 
C atholic Church. In te rm e n t w ill 
I M rs C a ro lin a D e lg a d o of 943 j follow at Roselawn Cemetery. Ar- 
Keats entered Into rest on Fob. 19, | rangemants with 
1977 a l me age of 72 years. Sur­ vivors: Sons, David. Concepcion 
J r ., a n d 
G a b rlo l 
D e lg a d o ; daughters, M a ry C ontreras ond 
O liv ia A v ila ; b ro th e rs , M oses 
Vasauez, Mexico, Cathortno Vos a ire ; a n d E lia s V a s q u o z ; 13 grandchildren and I great-grand c h ild re n . S e rv ic e s p e n d in g a t 
Palm Heights Chapel Interm ent w ill fo llo w a t San Jose B u ria l 
P ork. A rrangem ents with 

A a I rn tp r ig tjt* 

SALINAS 
M r. Johnny M. Sennas, 191o Son 
Fernanda St., born in San Anton­ io, Tex July 28, 195o entered rest 
Thursday, F ib 17, 1977 a1 me age of 24 years. M r. Salinas had been a lifetim e resident of San Antonio. 
Rosary w ill be recited in mc Max 
M artinez Chapel Sunday Feb 2o at 7 .3o p.m. Requiem Mass w ill be offered Monday, Feb. 21 at 2 OO p m from Our Lady of Guadalupe 
Catholic Church, 1321 El Paso St. with Rev Glenn Egan officiating 
Concluding servicos w ill follow in 
San Fernando C em etery No 2. 
Survivors: Wife, M rs. Juanita R. 
S a lin a s ; m o th e r, M rs . Is a b e l 
M o ra les; stepfa the r. M r. Jesse 
M o ra le s ; fa th e r, M r. T o m a s 
Salinas; daughter, Isandra Salin­ as; son, Johnny Salinas Jr.; sis­ te rs , M rs. E liz a b e th E lizo n d o , 
M rs. R ita C avazos. M rs. Lupe 
V ig il; b ro th o rs . Tom S a lin as, 
Tony Salinas, Joe Salinas, Roy 
Salinas. Josie M orales Jr., oil of 
San Antonio; nephews and nieces 
Services under me direction of 
Max Martinez 
T7o1S W M artin 
927-4211 
3711 So Zarzam ora 
Y924-4S48 

3711 so. Zarzam ora 
924-4368 

R u l e r L o r i n g 
M O R T U A R Y i i o t M c C u llo u g h 237 4221 

PUBLIC AUCTION 
Gold, Silver ond Precious Stones 
Sunday March 8,1:3o PM 
Monday Ntarrli I, L M PM 
At Th# Lo Posada Hotel lOOO Zaragoxa, Laredo Texas 7 8 o 4 o 

GVI* MOO IOT! Of tokd gold nom, broitieH, pocket watches, neck lait!, 
•ame*! fcioochei, pendent!, medal!tom. coms. fobs, platinum, heiling, iwhyv drawn!nth, pearls, emerald!, toper, tiger eye. etc, etc - ite ra n t toftierrehrely et ane half mdfcaa dafiaes. 

HIGHUGHTING Several repealer pocket watch*! including a tenet end 
Berthoud redfood end hunter! wen h i! Inc ran Picard ond lot#, watches 

(ludwig a let of IO ceral! lag wiver ceral by the hog I oz vow nome d* You wdl be doz. beauty of tim ceNechon 

HISTORY tho 

I proem*! in 
IIM Kellogg end 
•Hogg aru w n i 
Ce 12o gotdpmi. az mea i choinlink bold bord! Rebgraui dazzled by the variety and quality of the aaesthetic 

Laredo n eve non ((prevent) th* lifelong mveihneni of o edraler 5o Mare. ihrewdly inverted hn fundi In the world! 
■ W d jd r e ro n d procraui norm, feigned by e recent 
U5 (esteem beld Buchan in Laredo, end vet oui health problem! he hoi commnMoned our Nm Ie hquidete hn pmiesuom Although the owner went! hn nom. withheld, hn nary n Winoling It began m l t?9 « Cube going doer ta doer buying prelimit neon. Storting with only $25 end parley mo ti rate a pirate! cheth M ort me.mg ie Laredo h» vpent 2o yeere in the rem end otrav el Mocks, hung m reduce but buying gold* 

A 14-pawe cemefefu* wW be evadable at S3 from aer firm wife error (OOO lots gafira a* rho Audion Block, you will M ad IHM There is fuel too much to b tl rn the madre 

TltML (ash, I ashraf i check or tetter of credit aith draft A $25 entrance fee per potion mutt be levied ta control offender)!* 

Ihvkliticfei: IO AM. beth day! until Me Tun* 

JOHN JONIS 

A v c liM iM r , TiGC-77-oo29 

J K A H N A N D ASSOC, $12-342-4422 

SOV* Blanco BB., San Antonio 71214 
H M & r H B S U C S U S « - * 

G REAT DANES 
Champion sired I 755-4694 
Or ru t D onut, faw n fem , ariadne i mole Fine dog! *73o)54 
67 eof TSonaT A W ‘I’ awest p ricM in town, 912 3o84. offer 13 noon 
RoW A lation Hu$B*-Koit Germ an 
Shepherd, also AKC i n di es SSO up, shots 
Jonas P oodle Shop, 
Seguin. 1-179-oo12. tft l i k i i T T H P u p p ie s. K U I 
Reg. Champion blood Im w or rived 
$45 
After 
S and weekends. 
; 673-3o99 
Jus! In tim e for Valencia#! Mixed 
LAO puppies 731-8393 offer 4 to ra * fa m e P a rrot 
8358,676-5664,674 38o6 
MUK block m ixed Shrp hr rd pup, needs good home A ffe ctionate 
734 6o2o, 679 7314 
M O V lH d. free, ! yr old W eimar. oner, shots, dog house, 694-$$69 
MOVING must te ll assortm ent of tro p ic a l fish In clu d e ! la rge os car. Knife, Angels etc 344-7o1T tiovregian E ikhoum i pups, AKC re g Ch b lo o d lin e 
E x c e lle n t watchdogs U M 344 17K> 
•Oh) 

CORRUGATED IRON 
SU 91 par sa 
FLOWERS LPH CO 
2867 Goliad 
233-4171 
5 'V lf e 'V T 6 * i A W 6 1 6 ch A 
M ENT for sale, 1 564 2925 
~TA"A m i "feAR*U'lb t A l Y6A$ 

Monett Lumber Co 
W HOLESALE - R E TA IL 
' Dependable Since 1935" 
4o7 N J a rl am ora. 433 7881 
TTd a u o rte r b irs e f illy , 

 ii i i ii ■ i i n m 
— 
Classes tto rl M arch 7th 
Registration Feb lls ! ond 28th 
I A DOG TR AIN ING CLUE 
*358734, $34 $886. 144-6o39 
— 
6 4 * b i n i g r * i A i n $ — 
AN brood*. Han Mur rh I 
Master Kennels 66o 1539 q r i s a a r a a a g w a Awe 
$3oo up 611-o491 off 4pm 
A L B fU B O IH I H I I P B o g T - 
AKC, 4 w ks, 434-7o64 
Old English Shoop Dog puppies 
CPO *36 5759 ofter 4 dee year eld iotwpfe MuWdep. ART registered 83bu I 723 oo/1 
~r 
V T 'a r B i b sp g ye d g rT y caf F i i l . d M 
M 
| a ^ H ret i n t 
Need* loving heme 

Register i 
T ng 

"Persian Col 
* 59 8647 
S tuniel UUP 
Meg lin g Te< pies. Ch Stock t tem 
I male, I# e n , snels ZUse m ixed Australian 
Sheahitrd fem I yr $25 *53 1119 

Ti 

Monett Lumber Co 
Depoe.ladle Since 1938" 
4o7 N Zorzomera. 4)2-78o1 
7 * T T n * 6 H I . i'r b c U ------- 
AND GOOSENECK TR AILER S 
S ales, S e rv ic e , R e p a irs , and 
Trailer Rentals. 44)o Hwy 9o East 
|(S W W White Rd ) 333-1411. 
~T e r 'Y ii. i i l o <?6A$tAL R A V "' 
3)3 29)8 
V T * T i l T T I O J e n s e n d ro s s 
Hay, $1 IS bdle 824^144 lf BA" f i t i lib fdBLTAL HAV, 
1 S to re d in shed $ 1 7 $ a b a le . 
! 531 5145 A ft 4 and w e e k e n d s . 
; *77 8178, 677 8314 fifte e n young hereford stocker 
. tows 1*8 )931 
Fine item ed Johnson grass, hay rn born, I exotic dutch betted bull. young stocker cows, 621-1SIS or f 621-33o8 
Bor id le Lorge Reg Appaloosa 
! Mare, 6 yrs 344 4o*9 
Ber S a lt; One in tl. i i D ouble 
, Groin D rill, $95o. 1-43o-279o 
Bar Bale or tra d e ; Aam, AM*} 
■ Four Years OM 224 5861. 
I T i Ka'; j d o lin g * . w ill rape. 
I great tor kids, trad 683-o3)9 
HAV delivered-------- 
I 6o8-3)61, I 997 1747 a d v B d l U L f T NtlxeJ H a ts - tem HOV $17$ bale No I Red Tap i Coat 
St 
Pate 
1 947 3)7o, 
|! 1-947-M79 nAYTdi ULt r'kegori urn boles 
512 449 1)84. 
449 1891. 
I 449-8731 m r m m m n w a m i on weekday! 
I! 
HAV M i l 
IMO bales oood quality Johnson 
Gras* Hay $1 JO a bale HOO balas 
Haygrezer Si 4b a bale KW bale! 
«u«d quality Coastal SI 4$ a bale day 1 426 4418, nile I 42* 3173 M 
Hereford bl 

I mo halter broke, 
W ! <Joo7 
I 

 very gentle 

 alii pigs, extra good stock 
83o 649 111$; 
4 nanny gJofe I y r l o Id 
____________628-SOH 
Nubian and A fa in t M ilk Goats for safe. 33o3448 
B late G elding, gre a t all around norse stoa rex / tie 
P re tty , sound '3 y r ald m a re 
Shawn English aver fences and on the h o i Can go W estern Needs rider with some experience 87M 
826-8721 
( fte r 
6pm 
142 $148 anytim e 
’ I a .rn,.,, . I,. - - j 
13)6-2313 
R e g is te re d P a lo m in o 'm e re , b e a u tifu l, IS 3 ha n d s, sm ooth, 
.p o w e rfu l. 
W e s te rn E n g lis h 
Jumps. 59oo 65) 1*79 
Reg W etich Bony, • . children $2o4 o28 2145 

SHALLOT ONIONS 
Elephant a o rtic Growers wanted 
They m uttiaiv. grant production. 
< p ro d u c in g a e ro v a lu e d $48o8 e tu i W olfing Nohow#! M arke t AU 
I you can produce 7)2-1127 
I p ir lf o J S o rre l d e le in g w ith 
Blende Mane ond Tau. 14 h o n ** 8 y rs W estern P le a su re , Saddle 
I grad Tach m p -ip M. fB Sl i nger Caws, w ill < a i. . in j i 
4 wacks $225-827$ ta ch Stacker to t yes. 922-8449, 
Still novo same registered paint horses ta se ll. 2 h id h o rse s, 3 i b road m a re s, 2 y e a rlin g s , w ill saU'em n g h i Pus phone 486-1444 
Ranch (Sqpqra 1 379 78181 
Vudon'Hor 

F u l f i l l i n g a need since 

1 9 3 3 . 

 a k 

FUNERAL CHAPELS i l l MORTH MAIN AV8NU8 
226-72o1 

EDWARDS 
Charles Leon Edwards, ape 72, of 
7811 R im ftre. passed away Satur­ day. Fob 19, 1977. He was a no liv e of T y le r, Texas ond a San 
A n to n io re s id e n t fo r SO years. 
M e m b e r o f G a te W ay P a p fis t 
Church S u rvivors: Wife. Nancy 
Jean E d w ards of Sen A n tonio; daughters, D ebra Lam bert, San bra Edwards, Hatty Edwards and 
Noel Edwards, all of San Antonio, and Prendo E dw ords of Austin, 
Texas, ond L e ri Spencer of Ros­ well. New M exico; sister, Dorothy 
E dw ards, brothers. Jack G. E d­ wards of Son Antonio and G arvin 
Edwards of Houston, Texas; also num erous nieces and nephews 
Funeral Services w ill be conduct ad I t : bb o rn M onday in Gate 
W ay B a p tis t C h urch w ith Rev 
John A ndrew artha officiating. In­ form ant ta follow in M ission B u­ ria l Pork. A rrangem ent* bv 

SLACK 
Cap! H a rry R 
(H o b b yI Stock, 
USAF, ope 27, of H ill AFB. Utah. died Thursday. Fab. 17. 1977 He wos a form er resident of San An­ to n ie . S u rv iv o rs : W ife , M rs . 
Peggy Slack, San A ntonio; p a r­ e nts, M r. a n d M rs H o rr y M . 
Slack, Canyon Lake, Tx ; sille rs , 
Connie Osborn, C hristine P e rry, both of Houston, T x .; b ro th e rs, 
Randy Slack. San M arcos, T x.; 
R ic h a rd S lo ck, H o usto n, Tx ; 
H ied S lack, C anyon L a ke , Tx 
S ervice M onday at J o 'clo ck at 
M cK in le y A venue U n ited M e th ­ odist Church, the Rev. W illtom C. 
R enfro o ttic ia tin g . In te rm e n t in 
Sunset M e m o ria l P a rk . A r r a n ­ gements with 
Killer Lorintf- 

1 1 o 1 M c C u l l o u g h M 2 U 
U 

TAYLOR 

M C C O Y 
John D M cC oy, age 8), of 6)1 
R o y s to n A ve . p a sse d a w a y 
F riday. F ib 18. in a focal heip i tai Native of B exar County ond 
Son A ntonio re sid e n t 21 years 
M em ber et N a ta lia C o m m unity 
P re sb yte ria n C hurch and K e lly 
C ivilian Retirees Club. Survivors: 
W id o w , 
M a b e l 
C. 
M c C o y ; daughters, Mrs. Ruth M. Barnett ot Son Antonio and M rs Melba M. 
Saatkam p of New Boston; sons. 
W illiam C. McCoy of M ission ond 
George P (P at) McCoy of Clute; siste rs. M r*. A lic e S coff, M rs 
C io ra Adorns, and M rs. Jessie 
K o e h le r of A tascosa and M rs . 
M a b e l T h o m p so n of N a ta lia ; brothers. Lawrence ond Robert ot 
Atascosa ond Frank of L ytle , I) g ra n d c h ild re n o n d to g r e a t­ grandchildren F uneral Services will be conducted in Mission Park 
Funeral Chapel at I 34 p m Mop- Q 
___ day, Fob l l w ith entom bm ent to M rs sodra Helen Toyfor, ape 71 to lte w In M is s io n F o rk M on soteum Friends m ay make con­ tributions to the A m erican H eart 
A is'n Arrangem ents bv 

(ll 

MISSION V XKK 
FUNERAL CHAPELS 
I 7oo $ I M Ritary Or 

A 
MISSION P\KK 
FUNERAL CHAPELS 
I FOO BE M IM ary Or 

FISCHER 
M rs Alm a S. F ilch e r, $2, 12o4 W 
Magnolia, died Feb. 17, 1*77 Sue vlvors Grandsons. Olen Phillips, 
Russell A P hillips. San Antonio. 
H a rry Lee P h illip s . C a m eron, 
W ise. a n d P 
F ra n k P h illip s , 
O ra n g e 
P o rk . 
FIO I 
18 g re a tg ra n d c h ild re n , num erous nieces and nephews S e rvices 
18 IO a m 
M o n d a y , Z IZ IK - 
KEAR NS Chapel, the Rev F o u l, - - - - 
- - 
- 
F o rty o ffic ia tin g P a llb e a re rs (•M a m a jn te rm e n t Sunset W einer 
H erbert Ferguson. James K ris * m o b , m im e r 
S c h lic h tln g , 
R a ym o n d S c h lic h tin g , H e b e rt 
Seiler, C harles S e lle r Entom b m enl Sunset M ausoleum A rra n g«monte ay 

MORTAG 
Miss Dawn M arie M ortog, 17, of 
$54 Timberlane D r . died Fab IS. j 
Resident of Sen Antonie 4 years, m em ber of too Catholic Church 
S u rvivo rs 
P a re n ts, C a ro l Ann and H arold S. M o rto g , San An- J 
Ionia; sisters, Wendy. Jody, and 
Susan M ortog, brother 
Ronald 
M orton, all of San A ntonia; m a­ te rn a l g ra n d p a re n ts . M r. and I 
M rs. H o rry K asica. West A llis, 
W ise .J p a te rn a l g ra n d a a ro n ts . 
M r and M rs. E d w a rd M o rto g . 
Wauwatosa. Wise , uncle. Robert I 
K asica. West Rend. Wise . cou­ sins in M ilwaukee. Wise. and An-1 tioch. Ill Services I i a m Mon ; a c y . F o b l l S u nset F u n e ra l 

 yeors, of IPU E C rockett St.. Son 
Antonio. Texas died F rida y. Fob 
IS, 1977 at o focal hospital. She is survived bv her sister. Miss M in­ nie C ra ig ; b ro th e r, M r Simon 
Craig, and a host at relatives and frte n d i Services w ill be held tram 
Second baptist Church 1:41 p m . 
Wednesday. Fab l l , 1977, Rev. S. 
H Jam es o ffic ia tin g In te rm e n t 
Ft. Sam Houston National Ceme­ ta ry Arrangem ents bv 

SUTTON SUTTON MORTUARY 
«M N. C herry St. 
224-7283 

 tat Fork 

*R* J aa# 

T O B I ! MAV i i ie s n n — 
5) 54 A n d $ I 6 6 
* 31 4 9 o 7 tuber deluxe Gooseneck trg lfo r, liv in g a irs , 4 horses, b e a u tifu l eves 7)84452 

 r ia * 

B V ut Stud 
_ e ingae 

 p h i nu H im nn: ii reg. fe m a le P a re n ts p o in te d 
I I I * M i 3872 w r o n g m e b w > 

• ic* 

 m /7 » ;y *7) *6*3 
JCT Into# u n *r 

W TT 

OII 5819 
H $ R S * r 
698 8274 eves, weak o r d i 

Dog breeder* R e ferral M r 
Witt put yea ta loach w it* a n e a rb y re p u ta b le b re e d e r, 
“ 
U 
I m a *, o ld W e ll lr artiad 554 o*o 6977 
I n r e H # Torr tar P re # 
' "* 
Ch Mud Sp/VK. 458-924* 
J iH m o lfln o io Fe . T e rrie r 

 n u n d id n u u fs b j a m e s 
H o f l m o r k 
I 
I 379 7)14 179 3441 S B B S M H ggWirWftW Mac Artier siH f S ig y g i, M y th n ___ 
YPUOR M e t , d # m . I TFPNpr 
Name 
Young 
Roasters 
$3 

S e g u in 
XI 

1224 

I 
G e e d w a tc h d o g 
N e t g o a d w ith ch ild re n *84 1497 a ff $ p m 

M H n i c s m s d:« is r n : gesTeBnRSSSkVrT in to! sr,ut! gag a trm e d . 
118 pad 
$75 eft) Mo5 le w R K T B e S e r rn de "B o ily Pu^* gip *" BMC* •H i! I<4«* IBM! DU# Ml I* 

B io d it o iY f e lt t f German $ he axseed p u p a te* * A > 542 

B T e r i S e J 'm t n lk # | ik p r # , w it h sam* tm . 
I I are aXd m m 
RlSftM 
Tit Bwe. A T T 

 a j H f f l a g f f B 

 c o b re d t to r U K C f e y F e e ter- n o r* FNI le ft le t* to t 5847 
■----- CTmrtrsiTiixcifr— 
625 1441 
I g e n t i 1 1 " n r r m v r i T female I n a eta. emerald eye* enuOte r(p ilfe re d *5J$JJ* nr&JV I ' D W t 'f i v l l T . { h e . 
Chaw fancier 1 match. S a l, Pep 
IOMI to fee m otto*. 4J4 4P4I r ' F T i P 
W lo t t o * T e rn e 

 eg, repin e end gen he. 55RR o 4 » - ltiY ______________ 
11 yr e ll? registered aoixNng eof el forecast til RIM 
1 vnw."nHi"PHiy, goad can le t m u lle n g r e e n k r a i t . 554*. 
214 4595 I •' 
‘ 

 rn PRICE IS RIGHT 
* ti tee b a tt 
. . . . . . . t i .87 
X i i M a 2 P e a ta F e e t i i 79 l l 1; g a im p o rt b a rb 
. . . . . . l i t 9$ it* F a r m G a te ............ B i t 9$ 
42" t w i n Mays, aer C . . . . B t l 95 
I ” M get CNI RHM C R . . . . ll# 5o 
BARKER SUPPLY 
3143 S E M ilitary Dr. 
334-4441______________ 

* E M Y Y O | ( / V K U H t r a d e r 
Tfeg>» »-42B-BTft. 

V ( b r e n t B o c e P r o s e d t i A o W I 
R e g AOB IIM , I lib lT * 

Max M artini 

 syeraetfenR L 

Arte, pre IW M (. erat im ur— se Fetkte* 
23 7-6 241 

6 5 1 . o 4 1 I 

Z in k K e a rm 
O aw feng - F R CLntghw 1 y 

D M H Sr a la ry * 
227-21o6 

You’Ll be amazed at the things you can sell with a Want Ad! 

SUNSET 

$ 7 o 1 A u s tin H w y 

F u m 
' f c l l 
I t o m e 
•24-2411 

"The telephone is the shortest dis­ tance between a 
Classified Bd and you!" 

Colt 2 2 5 -1 6 6 6 
2 2 5 - 1 6 6 6 

I i i — F » — T a i M f t e t m 
I T W 11 T o « ^ r tx T T O r c to r r a 

TBS - 7!em"irrtr% 
Barial U t* 

 t c h n o u l t r 
P e e r t e r r ie r s >66-6784 « r 

SJI W I W KASH IS IHS 

HU TCH* 5 
ReosoooSte XU UM 
94? lam twwttefu Suuoins I 

Fe>moM g 3 disc ate* his I aetat ail*a, 1154 I Fie..ie. Specs for *N her* 65* 1*54 an lorn f Free eel * IR each br ike a«i« ter $45 4)4 1444 
PEAFOWL! 
IBIO 545 441 m i 
Trif* 7n w &u*.nr«ireTm r i .auto spray rig $654. Bree IIM • 
I 4)62977 ae* lam 
QUAIL trtiatf'kirdi un if fresh egg* large teniert pteBNgii i i i Itll 

 r e 
J 
U f f l L 
. 1 
W ERT Y I •UT"VI'||IYT1 
Fryers i m kte tee 4*6a5U 

 ll 116 1 AAA 
IA AAI II AND MW) 
•NM rn A t t * ..... 
I 
CBM ft* >6*6 

 i t MR OM Boldface R e ^ M ile T e r safe I 5o64151 

T a u ag W e ii UTn’ c o w e*td c a lf C o il 
MA Mil. 

F O R D I N A L IO O M o d e l 8 M to e ic e H e a l t e e M w i 53*9! 
T N E T O R G L R S O N C O 
5)1 5(45. 7 if sieves 

7 n ’t e l e " T A N M i C L' H l r , e t a , 

 y 
£ f y^ 
16 t> " terra M e d a ls M BB. M IB g a d 26RR 
A ie a U s a d F o r d I B P I w d p p ro n 
'• • F ' • V * . ' 
• A 'A L O f o n d 

T h r o e B a r ta i F l a l t , R o s e la w n 
M e m o r ia l F o r k . b e a u t if u l Ie e e h en COR I M 1742 

I L o ts . S u n s e t M e m o r ia l, L a s t 
SUMMIT $4M£ - $6$$ #11 J# I ■ 
2 

I 
A d ie t m e g c e m * l . r f le t s 
M in to n B u r rat F o r k , S e ctio n t i l 
K reran obi* H o IBM ______ 

L U h 
C i m r i t r v 
I 
•# 66# B JI» #f »#4 M*6 

 l i f t . ISS AND NI ere > 

IM I A C U # # NU A# # ! B 
EQR U M #6641611 
A il ta u # WANI AD 
EH IM I U f N K I I 616466 
C A i l I I I I A A A 

EST FUNERAL 

A l a 

F U N E R A 

211 B r o o k ly n a t N . A la m o 

 rn (Emm S i 
W W # 3 I 

I t L 
'n C t u b K- k i / m 
L i 

VETTER S 
M r* . E d n a L o u ise V e tte rs , 4 ), of 
514 C a ss A v e ., d ied F a b 17. L ife re sid e n t e t S a n A n to n ie, m e m b e r e t A la m o R e v i v a l C e n t e r . S u r ­ v iv e r s 
H u sb an d . H a r v e y E . V e t­ t e r s ; d o u u h l e r s , M r s 
E r n e s t 
S h a r o n D u n n a m , M r s . B e v e r l y 
L u b ra n s k i. M is s P o m e lo J o V e t ­ te rs, sons. B e r y l V e tte rs , R a n d a ll 
V e t te r s , g r a n d s o n s , Ja s o n D o n nam a n d K e ith V e tte rs , a ll of S a n 
I A n to n io ; s is t e r s , M r s 
A u b r e y 
(L a c life I C r e a m e r . O o th an , A la ., j H e le n S le u b in g , S a n A n t o n io , b r o t h e r , C h a r le s A . S t o o p in g , 
I H ouston, T ex , n u m e ro u s n ie ce s, n e g h e w s a n d a h e s t e t fr ie n d s 
I S e rv ic e s I i m . M o n d a y , F o b . l f , 
■4 R o y A k e r * F u n e r a l C h a p e ls , in te rm e n t M issio n B u r ia l P a r k . 

SIB No. Main 
226-72o1 

(VILLEGAS 
M r R u b e n R 
V ille g a s , l i t H o r 
1 te n cra St., b o rn in M a r k e t. T e x . I 
S e a l. 26, 1949 e n te re d re st S a fe r j d a y , F a b 19, 1977 a t th e a g e of 27 v o a r t M r 
V illo g a i h a d b e a n a life tim e re s id e n t of S a n A n to n ia 
R o s a r y w ill be re c ite d in th e M a x 
M a rtin e z C h a p e l S u n d a y , F o b 24 of 7: M a rn R r e v is m M a s s w ill be o ffe re d M o n d a y , F a b 
21 a t 1 5 o p m f r o m O u r L a d y e t G e e d 
C e u n s e i C a t h o lic C h u r c h , 1244 
C a s t r o v ille R d w ith R e v 
L o u is ; 
I S e g e r s o f f ic ia t in g 
C o n c lu d in g 
- s e r v ic e s w ill fo llo w in S a n F o r 
Mondo C e m e te ry N o 3 S u r v iv e r * 
P a re n ts M r a n d M r s F a s a u u i I . , 
V tite g a i. sis te rs . M r * R a a u e l V 
G u t i e r r e z . M r s 
R e b e c c a V 
Lop ez. M r s EU O V . L a re d o . M rs 
R o s a l i n d a 
V 
G a l i n d o , M is s 
G u a d a lu p e V i lle g a s ; b r o th e r s . 
R o u t v iiie a a i- F a s a u o i V iU e o a i. 
J r . , R i c a r d o V ille g a s , R e d a lf e 
V ille g a s . R e s e a d e V ille g a s a n d b e g o n e V ille g a s , a ll a f S a n A n te n ia S e r v ic e s u n d e r th e d ir e c ­ tion of 

AMU am OM 
Alma 
■ pgA ii bi # re*. **** 
M U X M u n u l C i 
2 o ) 1 # M a r f a . l l / X i i I 

Merchandise 
Mari 

Coll 

2 2 5 - 1 6 6 6 

» O A I M I I A 6 U 6 I S it u * * 
OM A 64 A N f AO 
9N6 N u AAA! • I O C A U i i t i l I AAA 
I A IM H l l A N O N I 6 66 

CULIAGAN, Mexico; 
(AP) — Police arrested J two suspects Saturday I in the roadside slayings j of three American tour- j ists late last year, the 
Sinaloa state attorney general reported. 
Atty. Gen. Amado 
Estrada said the p ri­ soners had made writ­ ten confessions and were charged with murder in the deaths of the 
Rev. 
John 
O. 
Gharst, 
68, of 
Edgewood, 
IU ., his daughter 
Lorelei 
Gharst Brown, 39. and the Rev. Frederick A. 
Bacher 
J r., 
73, of 
Salinas, Calif. 
Police said the su­ spects intended to rob the victims and killed them so they could not later identify them. 
Charged with the killings were Jesus 
Mendoza Vazquez, 32, and 
Cruz 
Cabrera 
Rojas, 34. 
Gharst and his daughter were found dead in their car 
Christmas Day at the village of Palmito on the highway from Du­ rango to Mazatlan in 
Sinaloa, a northern border state. 
T h e } killers, who came upon the two tourists resting ' in their car, drove off j without taking any valuables because a 1 passenger bus s u r-, prised them at the I scene, police said. 
Police found Bacher’s body buried near an access road to a major highway 49 miles from 
Culiacan. Bacher, who was traveling alone, entered Mexico last 
Nov. 26 and later was reported missing. 
Police said the two suspects found Bacher alone in his car parked on the highway and robbed him and shot him. They took $35,ooo in travelers’ checks, 
$26,ooo of which has been recovered. 
O p e r a is 

 g a s s e d 

NEW YORK (AP) - 
An aerosol can filled 
| with a “ tear gas-like j type of substance" ex- 
I ploded Saturday on an 
J escalator at the M e­ tropolitan Opera in 
Lincoln Center, driving 
4,ooo persons from the theater, 
The fumes filled the lobby and drifted into the main theater just before the curtain rose on the 8 p m. perfor­ mance of “ Dialogues of the 
Carmelites’* by 
Poulenc. 
The perfor­ mance was delayed an hour 
Several persons were reported taken to Roo­ sevelt Hospital to be treated for minor irri­ tation of the eyes and throat, an opera spo­ kesman said. 

Francis Byrnes, fire 

 department battalion chief, said the can spewed its contents throughout the lobby as 
It rode the escalator to the upper levels of the massive theater 

JI 

.. y r* , 
. . . . 
# 
••. . 
'' 
•; - - 
, . 
. **. 
.- 
• 
., L* v * * % .* 
•- 
»• 
- 
•' 
’ 
V 
‘ '- 
I. ' • 
^ 
^ 
^ v ? v 
*& + 
■. ** 
Lack's Coliseum Today! 1 I am to 7 pm 

M + » I * 4 * 
O v e r * 4 o ,o o o w o rth ! 

We bought all the furniture in a famous furniture factory's warehouse! 

A famous factory sold us the "whole thing"' ... all the sofas, chairs, loveseats, ottomans, etc. that were on the premises ... at tremendous savings on the condition that we would take it all. We agreed ...and we got their factory sam­ ples, their original models, their experimental pieces, un-sold merchandise, mar­ ket samples, and much, much more. Nearly all of it is one-of-a-kind merchan­ dise in factory-select covers, in some cases with matching chairs or rockers. It s all here today, at Lack's Coliseum ... and there is so much we have had to dis­ play it on both our warehouse floors. 

Please note that we are open earlier today... at 11 AM, so you can beat the 
Stock Show crowd, and even have time to go to It. All our usual credit terms are available, as is delivery at no extra charge . . . so come on in and make the best buys of your life, on all kinds of upholstered furniture! You’ll buy it today at a fraction of its usual price! 
See it a ll... on two floors at Lack's 
Coliseum Warehouse 943 Coliseum Rd. 

OTTOMANS 

ASSORTED COLORS AND STYLES 
FOR THE LIVING ROOM OR DEN 

VALUES TO 79.oo 

NOW 19 
OO 

EA. 

ROCKERS 

YOUR CHOICE OF SEVERAL STYLES 
AND FABRICS 

VALUES TO 199.oo 
OO 

EA. 
NOW 6 8 

SOFA BEDS 

SELECT GROUP OF SOFABEDS IN 
ASSORTED COLORS 

VALUES TO 249.oo 

NOW 119 
OO 

EA. 

CHAIRS 

ONE ASSORTED GROUP OF LIVING 
ROOM AND OCCASIONAL CHAIRS. 
MANY STYLES AND FABRICS. 

VALUES TO 129.oo 

N O W 
°° 
49 
EA. 

LOVESEATS 

LARGE GROUP OF LOVESEAT IN 
VINYLS. VELVETS, AND HERCU- 
LONS 

VALUES TO 199.oo 

NOW 99 
OO 

SOFAS 

SUPER VALUES IN DIFFERENT 
STYLES AND COLORS. 

VALUES TO 349.oo 

N O W 
°° 
159 

 b u u m w h 

B 

“ ,!d 

 i l l p o 

•M._ 
, Vi XI 

 r n * 

Sr1* 
Is 

 u rMB;i i f i t I nm M 

 i l f c m 
>*» 

 mw I 

IX rn*** 

 y r i f - j ? 'j 

 m m 
* l i m n 
I f f w i l f 

1 l f fa lf . & 
M ii M*W 

M m 
| 2 r n 

 rnBAKyAifm lA i 
I M t i H & i 

 r n 
G f | f r n 

 v t 
SS 

" I if ti 

% 

■sL 

 w t¥jL 

. . 
.* dr * t i 

 v «* 

 r j 
I -A 

 f/j wk f/Jf l l 

IB til 

 efferdent 

2-D 
Son Antonio E X F R E SS-N E W S— 
Sunday February 2o 1977 

Scholarship recipient 

?O N SAUER, right, a carrier for the Express-News, is presented a 
$5oo scholarship from the Texas Daily Newspaper Assn. by Vincent 
C. Fusco, left, circulation director of the Express-News, and Charles 
Spaeth, circulation manager of the Express. 
E-N circulation chances made 

Changes in responsibilities of circulation personnel — due to continuing circulation growth of the Express and News — were announced Saturday by Charles o. Kilpatrick, Express-News publisher, and Vincent C. Fusco, circulation director. 
Nathan Grobe becomes v > 
, v circulation manager for 
^ single copy sales. He will 
/ v be responsible for the 
W &P? ' ' 
' distribution and sale of 
, 1 * 
\ the Express-News single 
- mw,-,- - j*#* ig ji t t copy sales in the San An- 
W m m 
I tonio area. 
^ 
\ w l l R 

 corn broom sponge mop wet mop 

 ast ir 

Salvadore Jiminez will assume the new position of circulation develop­ ment manager. He will be responsible for deve­ loping new circulation areas for the Express- 
News. 
SALVADORE JIMINEZ 
NATHAN GROBE 
Winona, have three daughters and one son. 
Jimenez has been em­ ployed by the Express- 
News since 1949 in the circulation department in both city and state circulation. 

Jimenez and his wife, 
Hilda, have two daughters and two grandchildren. 
Harris has been with the Express-News for se­ ven years, primarily in the state circulation de- 

DEODOHIZING 
Jim H arris will be­ come state circulation manager. Harris will be responsible for distribu­ tion and sales of state circulation for both the 
Express and News. 

Grobe has been with the Express-N ew s for more than 27 years and has worked in all phases of the circulation depart­ ment. 

Grobe and his wife, 

 cleans & shines 

 damp mop 

JIM HARRIS partment. He and his wife, Edys, have one daughter. 
S.A. area students studying for Bee laundry basket 
Large laundry load size 
16-oz. Cleans & shines 
Deodorizer— cleaner 

Plastic 

Kendall, Medina, Frio, 
Atascosa, Wilson, Gua­ dalupe, McMullen, Zava­ la, Dimmit, Comal, Kerr, 
Bandera and Val Verde. 
Participants must not have passed beyond the eighth grade at the time their school holds its Bee and must not have reached their 16th birth­ day on or before June 6. 

Our Lowest Price Ever! 
CHOICE 

1ooo-watt hair dryer 
Great American 6o- second burger machine 

Non Wick cooking aortae* Locking hanoi* with <J*t*cn*t>m co*d MOO 
Polaroid 
Pronto camera 
Uses SX-7o film. Develops pictures Instantly. 

Globe pocket camera outfit 

Oloo* •« » , loading camata ourtn 3 ai*mant gia*» tans 
Kit contain* tilm and tl**hr 

Popoi*> p<»ioi grip *tyt* 2 kp**d», 
4 n **i totting* Probational styling n o ifl* 'OOO 

7 
5-qt. slow cooker 
H*moilM * crock CHortl#** MTVing 
•no <.i**n up La tan no and cm* 
T Nor mow W ic cooking control MOO 

O w p io n ic * bout!** W o rd * al com * in t oak. M o n a , a rta r or chack 

NAME 

Examiner appointed 

Charles McKinney has been appointed complaints examiner for equal employment opportunity at the 
U.S. Army Health Services Command at Ft. Sam 
Houston 
The Seguin native began his federal career 25 years ago as a food service worker at Brooke Army 
Medical 
Center. 
He has worked as a driver, vehicle dispatcher laboratory technician and manager of the center s 
Equal Employment Opportunity Program 
During 1967-1872, McKinney served successively as vice president and president of San Antonio Local 
No, JIM, American Federation of Government 
Employes. 
Driver course scheduled 
A National Safety Council Defensive Driving 
Course will be held from 6 3o to I 3o p rn Tuesday, 
Wednesday and Thursday at 7815 Orland Park Dr 
For information, telephone Van T, Smith a* 
344-3854 

 thirsty terry beth towels 
27 fred liquid shampoo 
*o % o»* Qto o * * lo o k »« TV |» ic a * B i * * * a n * « **n a 
•*a M*e« CNooaa horn tamoo* o>«*»-£*nnh 

SOUTH SANTA ROSA 
NORTH SAN PEDRO 

San Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— Sunday February 2o 1977 

Concert to aid in studies 

The University of Tex­ as Symphonic Band and the Longhorn Ja z z E n ­ sem ble will appear in concert M arch 2 at the 
Theater for the Perform ­ ing Arts. 

Under the co-spon­ sorship of the Express and News and the Texas 
Exes Club of San Anton- 
TODAY’S 
5 o * o o o 
SWEEPSTAKES 

 io, the 75-m em ber Sym ­ phonic Band will perform under the baton of Glenn 
A. Rioter. 

Tickets for the perfor­ mance are $1 and may be purchased by mail with the coupon below or may be purchased without a coupon at all Sears stores 
-and Southern Music Co. 

All proceeds from the concert go toward scho­ larships for youngsters to the Univeristy of Texas. 
Three San Antonio stu­ d en ts w ere aw arded scholarships during the 
1976 concert. 

Sam m y Spizm an and 

$ 1 , o o o 
BONUS NUMBER: 

□ 
□ 
□ 
- □ 
□ 
- □ 
□ 
E 
E 

The following numbers win 
TWO $5 SPURS TICKETS EACH: 

4 5 2 - 6 2 - o 1 4 3 
5 1 4 - o 3 - 5 6 7 7 

o 3 o - 1 6 - 5 1 2 2 
4 6 6 - 3 6 - 3 6 7 2 

4 6 7 - 4 o - 2 8 2 8 

DEADLINE: 
5 
P . M . 
M o n . 
2 - 2 1 - 7 7 
No claims honored on Saturday or Sunday. 

Winners must bring their Social Security card and another form of iden­ 

 tification to the SWEEPSTAKES EDITOR at the Express-News building, 

Ave. E and Third St. by the deadline indicated above. Prizes will be 

 forfeited otherw.se. ALL PRIZES ARE IN THE FORM OF GIFT CERTI­ 

FICATES FOR THE A M O U N T W O N REDEEMABLE AT STORES W H IC H 

HAVE ADVERTISED IN THE SAN A N T O N IO EXPRESS, THE NEW S, 

OR WEEK END EXPRESS-NEWS THIS WEEK. Winners of Spurs tickets 

 will receive ticket claim letters with which they may claim their two free 

 tickets to the home game of their choice. 
A BONUS NUMBER 
WORTH *1 ,o o o OR MORE 
IN PRIZES 
EACH SUNDAY 

PLUS A SUBSCRIBER BONUS 
THAT CAN W IN YOU UP TO 
$ 5 o o EXTRA IN PRIZES! lf you’re the winner of our big $ 1 ,o o o Bonus Number, and you’re a present subscriber to the daily San Antonio 
Express and The News, you'll be awarded an ADDI­ 
TIONAL $5oo IN PRIZES! lf you win the Bonus Number, and you are a present subscriber to the daily Express or 
The News, you’ll claim an additional $25 o in prizes! 

SEND IN YOUR ENTRY TODAY 
The earlier you get it in, the more drawings you’ll be eligible for! 

N O PURCHASE NECESSARY. Entry cards also available at the Ex­ press-News upon request. Winning numbers may be viewed at the newspaper offices from 8 :3 o a.m. to 5 :3 o p.m. Monday - Friday or at public libraries during open hours. 

The Rules: 

I . TO SMTK 

 mmd 
M » SW U M !M U . IM- 
M U * AMB M W *. 
AO 
BO * 
I M * . Urn Mw— lo. I w h M W . 

Maw I i ——* mmd TIm N n i . Ba tm ilia mid ha aw arb a* — aa 
Mw— aI I M I m —Ila* 
H a a 

—n am H h u ih a i ta tha M r 
I i —a** O* fha Hawi. ha — aha 

Ii ra- 

 a»a— a — tha I i —at* amd 
Maw*. * • » I mmd TMA A*.. h * a 
A:AO rn rn- Ha ( iM pm 
- a a * 
Oar*. Ba *wra ta th ai* tha " T U " 

 tha la — att — Maw* — hath — ii 
TM —ah ta mdd pm tha athar 
— 
* Or MI lit tha MO hat it 
Aa aal a—h ta tahttHha 

 tha —«*— A aaaA la Ma taaa- 

3. PftlZtS 
Alta— wM ha at*—a A A a**. M w- 
Aa* Mi l l —I ta Au la Ma A— 
B a lia n I i —a i* aaA Tha Maw# aaa I—ar Aa I aaA A— As* at tha 
I i — att Hawi. h a il* — a Araw- 
*o 

*1*o- 

AA TUA OAT M U IA W ill COM AIA? 
Of: 
MO ti) 
AA (ll 
1o (At 
I TAUA I A * TWAIT* (A AAM) 

DAUT M U I * IN BOIN TMA AA- 
M I U ANO TNI NAWA. amu) 
11 (St 
••I*. 
J TAUA* SA TWAIT* II AAM) 

A TOTA* Of HOO IN M UIA 
DAUT AIU* I AA AAU** TWAIT*) 
3. MOW YOU CAN 
WIN: 

 tin**! % p.m . t m fe N e w tn f 4 m f tm 
Slaton prtiRi. H • wimtliif nwnlwr 
I* » u»H>hRS tm Prtdm y, tm Ho*4m f , rn M v y . 
P U R I MMM* Sn lay I p.m. tkm IrMrwimp 
S law d a y rn tkm y 
S r 9mrtm*tm4 
Wtomef* mmy *##n« tm th* Clr* 
* ul t t un 
Om pt tkm l i p r i i 
M rw * S u d d H p , A v r . I r * 4 9kw 4 
It tm rtt rn ftkRir prs a RS 
TImy msaet t*» *R prmmf rn* tk m * Sr * Md 
$R«Mr*ty mtmbrn*. 

•RRY tkm Is RT RRS mr*4 Hmm s fey tkm 
SrrSHwR Rf Rf lf RI 

S. WHO MAY KNTiR 

TKR 1 1 o o o 6 S w R R pR tR ll*# f t IR 

 s k i n S r Hmm kntm m m ft. spa rd « 
999ml Th# HrteW RRR* d*RR8 kKtoltRR 

 mr aha h— a a la ti ai l u trtry 

I 
I i —aaa Maw* 
Cat— aaA Wat*A Bi - iq Ca.. 

•ha —m A*iQ M i t t Tha ta ttin 
* — taaA at *aai attti*. tha at—a 

 a— att——a 
NO AUOCMAM ll 
NACUA ABT TO INTU OO CLAIM 
A M U I Aa attar* *—A win ha 

It—I** Mawt 

IT M U I* WILL CONM** 
Or 
AONUA r r u a t lt \ 
NOA ft* 
• I MOO OO M oat LACH NMA 
AUM IO MUMA A* TWAIT* IACI* 

—•taw 
4 . MAOitNI TO CLAIM m in s 
W I— u rn 1 
• A a ra ti ta Ma Itta Aataara 

H tha what— 

— A AaaAa* I * —a** Mawt l a ­ 

 in — tha NBoir —B Sat ta tta— 
—war N a n wa n a rt i i h a ia 

A— 
A iia ili la —a n aaA Tha 
Hawi haw* A il# a m. ta A M 
, aa. wa— a a ,I 
N ataiaf aam- han am * ha vNwaA at tha I t - 
- a t . Maw. h iHAa.* ham A.M a m th A.M |tm 
Maw— * fit. 
Oar. at — —Mitt Uh*a.tat Aatm* a#— hmtn 
TOU tatlO 
MOT 
CM 
MAAI 
ANT 

 rn THU O ttli I* 
AAATAWTtO 
AT 
*OtO 
WNABi 
LAW 

Paul Thomas Curl, who graduated from Edison 
High Sch ool, receiv ed scholarships. 

T e re sa F lo r e s , 1975 concert scholarship reci­ pient, was awarded an extension of her scholar­ ship for a second year. 

P ro ce ed s from last year's concert also made it possible for three stu­ dents already attending the Univeristy of Texas to b en e fit from s c h o la r ­ ships, through the V in­ cent R. DiNino Scholar­ ship Fund. 

(■rat' 
Lozano flagstone! 

Graf J r ., of San Antonio; 
Jo e David Lozano, son of 
Mr. and Mrs. Angel B. 
Lozano, San Antonio; and 

E rie H agstette of Hous­ ton, were awarded scho­ larships through th*' 1976 concert . 

Arthur 
Mr. and 
Graf III, son of 
Mrs. Arthur F . 

I 
SEND IN FOR VOUt 
I TICKETS OR TAKI THIS 

I 
COUPON TO ANV 
I SEARS TICKET ENTICE OR j SOUTHERN MUSIC CO. 
I______________ 

IT S GOING TO BE A SEU-OUT 
AGAIN THIS YEAR! 

MAIL TO: 
UT BAND TICKETS 
8o38 Wurtbach Rood, a 38o 
Son Antonio, Te»a» 78229 

 flto** wnd rn* ticWh lo the UT Symptom: Bond (on ted at the Theater far the Perfoiming Art* an Wed Moi lh 2. at I 3o p m I have enclosed ST for eoch ticket 

NAMI 

A OBtnS 
CUT 
SIAU 
/IP 
Make thicks ond Monty Ordtn poyobtr tn Soft Antonio Twas hrs dub 

Reserve elects officers 
The 9oth U.S. Army Reserve Command Chapter of the Reserve O fficers Assn. has elected new officers for 1977. 
Col. Richard ll. M agers was named president, 
Ma.j. Lloyd I). Burtch, vice president; and 1st Lt. 
George W illiam s, secretary-treasurer. 
M agers, resident engineer in San Antonio for the 
State Department of Highways and Transportation, replaces Lt. Col. Robert ti. Ownby. 9oth AIP OM chief of staff. 
Burtch, a m em ber of the ARCOM headquarters, is a psychologist with the Air Force Human Resources 
Laboratory at Lackland A FB. 
W illiam s is a certified public accountant in civilian life and is assigned to the 9oth ARCOM 
Adjutant General Office. 

O r d in a n c e e y e d o n fis c a l ru le s 

A review of a proposed ordinance requiring a fiscal note *or all municipal legislation which has financial implication for the city was proposed Saturday by Mayor Pro Tem Henry 
Cisneros. 

Cisneros said he has asked the city manager and city attorney to review such an ordinance. 

The ordinance is designed to spell out the full financial implications of actions that occur during the budget year said C isneros. 

Cisneros said this may range from a service that is an absolute must to one which simply won’t cost that much. 

Austin has recently passed such an ordinance and early indications are it has worked very effectively, said Cisneros. 

An additional attribute of the ordinance would be to require the calculation of the cost of a proposed city action over a period of five years, he said. 

Cisneros, who has advocated a long term fis­ cal plan for the city, will formally introduce his proposed ordinance at T h u rsd ay ’s Council meeting. 

 o d l a 

Here's Johnny's 
Linen-look 3-piece suit 

Picture yourself in this linen textured suit... 

 as impeccable as the late night host himself! 

Real forw ard fashion for Spring and 

Summer '77, w ith o u t a care in the 

 w o rld .,..it's 1oo% textured polyester, 

 expertly tailored to meet 

Johnny Carson's exacting 

 specifications. Note the 

 fashion details...pleated patch 

 pockets, notched lapels, 

 tapered vest and of course, 

 the gentleman's flare slacks. 

All In the best of taste in 

French blue, gold, grey 

 or salmon, 4o to 44 

 regular and long, 
. 

16o.oo 

Men's Suits 

I M 
M 
ROR R H ADHERE TO POSTCARD, PLEASE! H 
I M B R H o n H R I 

S a n A n t o n io t x p re s s 
The News *5o,ooo SWEEPSTAKES 771 

Mo*! to tap**** and Ndn* SWIERS! AKI $ 
RO Rd* 2181 
San Antony Tok** 7129 f 
ACTIN CIRCULATION M R T 

Room 
—it— rn* ta 
Mb 
S WURST AMS and I now Id to* to a *wt*K«ipit«n •* mdKotod b o lo * lo* Mo n«»t 
9o do** 

RRY ROTI Al BRC IMI ETY RNNRRM IR* 
□ 
YES 

 fniff mf ifs rn* 
SWEEPSTAKES bvt I „*•»•« 
■ 
* na* to o*d— a »wb*<>*ptW' to 
M O to* pap—* at th,* nm* 

TELEPHONE 

ART 

1*9 

 m ill 
---------------------------------------------- — 
— 
----------------- 

 a m m u 
— — - — ------- — _ 
----------- 

 f it * 
St A l l , ----- --- 

□ RIBONI Itart dot.— I o i Mo N o n * & Senator L J N u n *to*t doh*—* a* Rn Ioptb i * A Sunday 
O Room **•«* dot*—? a1 boM t *—•»> and No** 

[ J I mm a * —My o w bH id o to Mo l*p*o«* ptoo>« add Mo N o-* Mondo* Tt«do» to •» tto H 'fto a 

□ I wa oboe** • mAm'R - to Mo Non*, ptooso odd too t«#toM Honday *«doy, to ay *vbM.> <«*•<> 

I 

I 

I 
I 

I 
I 
I 
II 
I 
North Stir & Wondtflmd Shop Mon. Sit. 1o to 9, Rhode* Charge, BankAmericard, Mister Charge, American Express. Ar (A jTtfac Company 

San Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— Sunday February 2o 1977 

VY Bulletin 
Board 

'I*- * it 

W H ATS 
XMVUNGUPIN 
SANANTONIO 
THIS WEEK 

 mm* m tI jg “ '% '^ /W I 
' ' V - 
'* 
' 
' + 

Center dedication set 

A lieu recreation center for the San Antonio West 
Side community will open following dedication ceremonies at 1o:3o a.m. Saturday, 
The $1 million Las Palmas YW CA at 5oo Castrovill 
Hoad, built by the City of San Antonio on land donated bv Las Palmas, Inc., is the newest branch of tho YWCA. 
The facility is under a 5o-year lease to the local 
YWCA. It replaces the former International Insti­ tute, Pecos and W. Martin Sts., as the West Side 
YWCA facility. The Institute was purchased in 1972 by San Antonio Development Agency as part of the 
Vista Verde urban renewal project. 
Included in the new recreation facility are a gymnasium, indoor swimming pool, classrooms, kitchen, arts and crafts area, game room and fine arts area. 
Outside are basketball and volleyball courts, a softball diamond and tennis courts. 
An open house will follow dedication ceremonies. 
The new YWCA is family-oriented, serving both male and female, with emphasis on activities for young women and girls. 
Some 11,ooo West Side families can be served by the new center’s program, which will be designed to meet the special needs of the area, Mrs. Madrid said. 

( Careers w orkshop topic 

How to Make a Comeback: Careers and College 
Education” will be discussed in a workshop for women from IO a m. to noon Saturday in the St. 
Mary's University Center. 
The free workshop is sponsored by the St Mary's 
Yew Horizons for Women, a group formed to encourage mature women to return to college. 
Free child care will be available on campus 
Other workshop topics will include ‘‘Preparation for College — the Pre-Degree Program: How to 
Improve Your Chances of Success,” “ Opportunities in Health Fields," “ A New Degree: The Bachelor of 
Applied Science” and “ Financial Aid: Federal, 
State' and Private Sources.” 
For further information, telephone St. Mary’s New 
Horizons for Women at 436-3o24 from 8 a m. to 7 p m. 
Mondays through Thursdays and from 8 a m. to 5 p.m. Fridays. 

A dm inistrators to m eet 

The 2oth annual conference of the Southwest Assn of Student Personnel Administrators is set for 
Monday through Tuesday at the Hilton Palaeio Del 
Bio Hotel 
The keynote speaker for the conference will be Dr. 
Nev itt Sanford, who will address the ll 3o a m. 
Tuesday luncheon in the Corte Real room 
Dr. Sanford is president of The Wright Insitute. 
The convention draws college and university administrators from Texas, Arkansas, Oklahoma and Louisiana 

OLLI is sem inar host 

A Transactional Analysis seminar is scheduled for 
7 3(1 p m Tuesday at Our Lady of tin* Lake Univer­ sity’s Main Building, Room 231. 
The seminar is free. It is planned as a forum for exchanging therapeutic techniques and innovations. 

Forum set on hiring 

"Sex Discrimination in Employment: Women’s 
Rights and Responsibilities” will be discussed at 
7:3o p in. Wednesday in Room 1o3 of the St. M ary’s 
Law School Library. 
The forum is being sponsored by the St. M ary’s 
Women’s Law Assn. 
Leading the discussion will be Pauline Martinez. an investigator in the U.S. Equal Employment 
Opportunity Commission, and Randolph P. Tower, an attorney iii the law firm of Clemens, Spence, 
Uelmaker and Finch. 
Information will be given on legislation protecting women in hiring practices, pay rates, allocations of duties, promotion, fringe benefits and to other matters concerning employment. 
For further information, telephone Chorei Whited at 734-o979. 

T rio lo tell ex p erien ces 

Three former participants in the American Field 
Service International Scholars Program are visiting 
San Antonio to share their experiences. 
The three students, who tour the United States as a musical group, will perform at 7:3o p.m. Saturday in 
Harlandale High School’s auditorium to raise funds for the program. 
While in San Antonio, John Hiller, Sarah Schindler and Julie Lord will perform in area high schools. 
The American Field Service Program has stu­ dents in ll high schools in Sun Antonio. 

^ O T lC O G A R D tH C tm w 

P.M. l l T C X 

H O U ^ 
W O N D E R L A N D 
A 
U l V 
| vr U S n N H W Y W 
M 
W 
A 
U 
E 
M 
^ j 

Sadies’ polyester pull-on pants 

W OOLCO SPECIAL PRICE 

Your favorite pull-ons with elasticized waistbands and front stitched creases. Solid colors or jacquard patterns in double knit polyester. Sizes 8-18. 

S ty le s a v a ila b le m ay vary fro m th o se p ictu re d 

WOOLCO EXTRA! 

 fr« boys 

2 - 7 polos 

22 

Short sleeved styles wi*h crew necks. Solids, screen punts, num eral fronts in easy-core polyester / c o t­ ton or cotton knits. 

Wide variety of styles with short sleeves in polyester and cotton knits. Solid col­ ors, stripes, screen prints. 

S ty le s a v a ila b le m ay very horn th o se p ictu re d 

 men’s 
IO o% cotton jean tops 

Reg. 5.96 

Woolco Price 

Famous "Youngblood” shirts feature new pocket designs, trims and stitching. Solid tans, blues, brown. S-M-L-XL. 

 b o y s * l o n g s l e e v e 

 s p o r t s h i r t s 

Woolco Price 

Reg. 4.96-5 96 

Group includes westerns, prints, solids. All perma­ nent press, machine wash­ able. Sizes 8 to 18. 

WOOLCO EXTRA! 

WOOLCO EXTRA! 

 g i r l s ’ 2 - 1 4 p a n t i e s 

FTA co n ven es in S.A. 

Facing Tomorrow s Adventures” is the theme of the 28th annual Texas Future Teachers of America state Convention to Is* held Friday and Saturday in 
San Antonio. students and club sponsors from around the state will gather ut the San Antonio Convention Center for workshops and lectures. 
Special interest sessions will offer talks on “ Politi­ cal Action 
How it Really Works” and ‘‘Human 
Relations: People to People.” 
New officers and Mr. and Mrs 
FT A will be selected by the House of Delegates 

Fxliihit facilities to open 

Opening of expanded Exhibit Hall facilities in the 
City Convention Center complex, including new quarters for the San Antonio Convention and Visitors 
Bureau, will Im* marked by informal ceremonies ut 5 p m. Tuesday. 
Civie and business leaders have been invited to join Mayor Lila Cockrell and City Council in cere­ monies on the arcade, near the Arena. A brief tour will follow, with staff members on hand to provide directions and information on the new facilities. 
William Ochse, chairman of the Convention and 
V isitors Commission, is to be master of ceremonies. 
Mayor Lila Cockrell will give the principal ad­ dress 
Musical selections for the occasion are planned by a group from the Paul Elizondo Orchestra. 
Bishop lo adtlress ^roup 
^ 

Bishop Ravmond Pena, the new auxiliary to the 
Archbishop of San Antonio, will discuss “ The Bishop 
After Vatican II” at the Sierra Club Friday. 
The discussion is set for a noon meeting at the 
Arden Grove Bishop Pena wilt offer the Eucharist ut the mass which traditionally begins the Serra 
Club meetings. 

Brief* and bikini* in cotton or acetate tricot w its elo*tic le y and w aist bond*, b e e trim* Solid* a n d print*. 

O 
- pkg. off 6 m en’s nylon hose 

PKG. 
Woolco Price 

All permanent press, machine washable. 
Browns, blues, blacks in pkg. Sizes 1o-13. 

W o o LC o EXTRA! men’s knit rugby shirts 

* 6 
Woolco Price 

New color tones and stripes, new colors and treat­ ments. Polyester/ cotton blend. In 
S M L-XL sizes. 

Reg. 7.96 

41 

Reg. 
4.96 
91 
Reg. 
3.96 
91 
Reg. 
9.96 

TRACK SHOES 

Washable canvas uppers. Cushioned insoles and sure grip bottoms for active youngsters. 
White strips on black. Sizes: Youth’s 11-2, 
Boys’ 2 1/2-6i Men’s 6 l/2-12. 

BASKETBALL OXFORDS 

Canvas uppers, cushioned insoles and arch for wearing comfort. Sure grip soles. Assorted colors. Youth, boys, and men's sizes. 

NYLON CASUALS 

Rugged nylon uppers with suede toe trim. 
Fully cushioned insoles, padded collars, and gripper soles. Boys’ and men s sizes. 

FINAL CLOSEOUT 
WHILE QUANTITIES LAST . . . 

IN OUR AUTOMOTIVE DEPARTMENT 

A JD O t/C K CB RADIO 

M C B 5 o o 

Orig Price $119 9 ) 

• F u ll 5 w o n * o f p o w e r 

• P A and external speaker tack* 

OUR BIST UNDER 
DASH CB RADIO 

A C C K X 

IJJ* 

Orig. Price $139 95 

• Full 5 waft* of power 
• All detune feature* 

E X P E R T INSTALLATION A V A ILA B LE 

 save *1 gal. on latex paint 

 sxTem oft-iNTeitiort 

 l a t e x p a i n t all PAINT AOLI SUNTAC* 

8 o o o W H I T S 
399 

 g a l. r e g u la r 

4 . 9 9 g a l. 

Attractive pattern* to choose from. All pro- pasted. Each double roil will cover ap­ proximately 6o sq. ft. Give your room that added touch at great saving*. save $2.o9 on wallpaper... 

Ml*#* Muir -th bMk, roto* rn 

Qy a 4epsfiAoDls 
#* point mgpi Im xHm mfstictf of titan* turbit* IMi* riN* up rn mat «eiw 
8 8 
DOU BU 
•O U 

W O O L C O M A K IS I T I AST T O S H O ? 

■Ak**i<({ftr£ikb wSUnTTZJrllci 
* Coftvautftt Tim* 
Payment v 
* Convenient ley Away Plan 

 w im iim tti imrinr 11 »m ni ■■line i r- r - -r i- 

M o o t CO CAN O 

W OOLCO BISER VIS TMI BtOHT TO LIMIT Q UAN TtTltf—-NOT M S EON 51 B U FOR TYPOGRAPHICAL IRRORS. 

IOO GILL RD. 

N U R W O N D E R L A N D 
732.2211 

48o3 WIST 
COMMERCE 
434 .9 48 1 

327 FAIR 
AVENUE 
33 3 -81 6 6 

2214 S.W . 
MILITARY DR. 
924-1441 

271o AUSTIN 
HWY. AT WAIT IM 
653-4461 

SH OP W O O L C O 9 :3 o A .M . TO 9 :3 o P .M . M O N D A Y THRU SA TU R D A Y 

BUY MTH CONFIDENCE! 

SATISFACTION GUARANTEED! 

 tiPUClMiH SI k O U U M D D 

» 

Son Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS~-~Sundoy February 2o 1977 
Poge 

ROYAL TRAVELER LUGGAGE 
5o% 
“CHARGE IT!” J 

OFF 
UST M IC E 
ALL IN STOCK! 

M O N D A Y A N D TU ESDAY O N LY! 

IOO CT. WHITE 
PAPER PLATES 
77 
Limit 2 _ 

Wootco Price 
Strong 9 ” plates for pie- 
V nics, patio or everyday use. 

BOXED CHOCOLATE 
COVERED CHERRIES 
2 . 8 8 * 
Woolco Price 
Treats of cordial cherries with syrupy centers. 

JUMBO SIZE 
SARAN WRAP 
OO 
2:1 

Woolco Price 
IOO ft. of plastic wrap for food protection, other uses. 

IOO CT. WHITE 
TOILET TISSUES 
o 3 * 
Woolco Price 
One-ply tissues in white or 
V colors. 

WINCHESTER 
WILDCAT 22 
o * 8 

REG. 9.99 
BOX of 5 o o rounds. High velocity. 

1 2 
8 8 

REG. 16.99 
Gear ratio 33/4 to I, star drag. Spare Powl, Precision- fitted Spools. Positive level- wind mechanism. 

3 OZ. SIZE 
BAN BASIC 
I 27 
Woolco Price 
Non aerosol anti perspirant spray. Regular, unscented. 

CONTROLTOP 
PANTY HOSE 
97* 
Woolco Price 
Extra Width, first quality hose in fashion shades. 

FORMULA 4o9 
CLEANER 
77* 
17 oz. 
All purpose cleaner requires no rinsing. Spray and wipe. 

LINED 
LATEX GLOVES 
2.99* 

Woolco Price 
Soft .absorbent lining, non­ slip grip. Medium or large. 

IEDSTRoM 
13" TRICYCLE 

PLAYTEX 
TAMPONS 3os r 
7 
Woolco Price 
Regular or super tampons for personal protection. J r 
FREE P A R K IN G FOR HUNDREDS OF CARS! * 

■ 

IOO CT. BAYER 
ASPIRIN 
2 $1 f o r 
■ 

 limit 2 REG. 75* EACH 
Fast pain relief of headache, 
Vmuscular aches and pains. 

K I K tuxJ 
(EVI 
16 OZ. REVLON 
SHAMPOO 

4 2 
I_ 
REG. 1.97 
Restores body, manageabili­ ty and beauty to troubled hoir, 

48 OZ. LISTERIA 
MOUTHWASH 

2 
2 9 

REG. 2.79 
For bad breath, colds and resultant sore throats. 

VINYL PHOTO 
ALBUM 
3 97 
REG 4.27 

N o need for paste or moun­ ting corner. Assorted covers. 

GAYLOR KITE 
ASSORTMENT 
OO. 

REG. 1.29 
Ideal for outdoor fun. Hurry in now and save. 

'N 

TIDE 
IO IB. ll OZ. 
FAMILY SIZE3 
9 9 
REG. 
4 95 t 
'Limit I 
The strong detergent. a 
DOORBUSTERS IN EVERY DEPARTMENT!^ * 

I LB. SHREDDED 
FOAM 
77* 

REG. 974 
Use it for stuffing pillows or 
Vtoys. Hurry in now and save. 

BATH TOWELS 
ASSORTMENT 
^ ■ 
9 7 
I 
REG. 2.33 
Super soft and absorbent. 
Solids and prints. 

LADIES’ AND GIRLS’ 
KNEE SOCKS 
77« m m r REG. 974 

Assorted patterns and colors ideal for winter wear. 

 l l 

- 

LADIES’ STRETCH 
TOPS 
2°*5 
Nylon or polyester knits in solids or novelty patterns. 
S-M-l. 

9 i ll 
MENS 3-Pi«ce 
VESTED SUIT 

REG. 
4 9 .9 o 
Double knit, deep center vent. Flore pants. Reg. SM. 
Log 

BURGER MAKER 
BY PRESTO i 9 6 
9 
U m H I 
M F 
RtG . 12 88 
Broils hamburgers in 
3 minutes. Cover locks for no splatter cooking. # M B I 

 f 
WOOLCO M A K IS IT I AAV TO SHOP 

• Convenient Time 
Payment I 
* Convenient Lay Away Plan 

W OOLCO R ISH I V IS THI RIGHT TO LIMIT QUANTITIES— -NOT R ISR O N SIB U FOR TYPOGRAPHICAL ERRORS. 

IO O G I U RO. 
NEAR WONDERLAND 
7 3 2 * 2 2 1 1 

4 8 o 3 W E ST 
C O M M E R C E 
4 3 4 * 9 4 8 1 

3 2 7 F A IR 
A V E N U E 
333*8166 

2 2 1 4 S .W . 
M IL IT A R Y OR. 
9 2 4 * 1 4 4 1 

271o AUSTIN 
NWY. A! WALZ EM 
633*4461 

SHOP WOOLCO 9i3o A.M. TO 9*3o P.M. M ONDAY THRU SATURDAY 

TS*™ *...... 
""i"" i "'n r-i ■ 
«™™- n.r- 

SUY WITH CONFIOiNCE! 

SATISFACTION GUAIAHTEI9! 

 ttMAaatm rn m u su m iii A lii j 

New Miss Lackland 
LT. JAN ICE M C K IB B E N is crowned by her predecessor, Sgt. Amelia Phillips. A nurse at W ilford Hall U SA F Medical Center, It. 
McKibben works in the pediatrics ward. 
She is a graduate of G eorgia State Uni­ versity where she earned a bachelor of science degree in nursing. 
Celebration for patriot 

The San Antonio C on­ servation Society w ill celebrate Texas patriot 
Jose Antonio Navarro’s birthday with an open house from I p.m. to 4 p.m. next Sunday. 
Conservation Society members and members of the Navarro family will welcome guests at the reception in Navar­ ro’s former home at 228 
S. Laredo St. 
One of two native-born 
Texans who signed the 
Texas Declaration of In­ dependence, 
Navarro was born in San Antonio in 1795 as a Spanish sub­ ject . 
Navarro settled his fa­ mily in San Antonio and buiit his home and office on Laredo Street around 
185o 
Navarro died in 1871. a citizen of the United 

States. 
The Navarro complex, including three build­ ings, was purchased by the society and donated in 1975 to the State of 
Texas for operation as a historic site. 
Mayor Lila Cockrell will read a proclamation at 9 a.m. Tuesday nam­ ing Tuesday through 
March 5 as Jose Antonio 
Navarro Week. 
Cyclists donate to fund 

The Randolph Motorcycle Assn. has donated $861 lo the Homophile Foundation at the University of 
Texas Health Science Center in San Antonio. 
The center will use the money to buy a platelet aggrometer, a machine which measures clotting factors in the blood, 
The motorcycle association raised the money at a rally. 
Judson mails tax form s 

Judson School District tux office officials have mailed application renewal forms to disabled veter­ ans and individuals over H5 who qualified for property tax exemptions last year. 
Completed applications must be returned prior to 
April 3o. 
Disabled veterans or individuals who were 85 years old on or before Jan I, 1977 and did not apply in 1978 may complete the application for exemption at the tax office located at 9327 Schaeffer Road in 
Converse, Tex. 
The 1977 exemption fur those over 65 is $5,ooo. 
Festival coeds sought 

The Festival San Jacinto Assn. is accepting entries for Mins Fiesta from coeds who attend any college, university or high school in San Antonio. 
Contestants may be sponsored by their college, college organization, their parents or guardians. 
The entries must be delivered in person to the Director of the Fiesta Flambeau, 319 Majestic 
Building by 5 p.m. Tuesday, 
For more information call 228-6157. 
Volunteers honored 

Volunteers who have contributed to the welfare of patients at San Antonio State Hospital will be honored at a "Heartful of Thanks" dinner at 6:3o p m Tuesday. 
The dinner, at the Pecan Valley Country Club, is open to the public. Tickets are $5 per person. 
Guest speaker at the dinner will Im* Don E. Flinn. 
M D., assistant chief of psychiatry at the Veterans 
Administration Hospital 
Bible assem bly fluted 

A two-day Bible instruction, assembly held by 
Jehovah’s Witnesses will start Saturday at Sari 
Antonio Municipal Auditorium 
" Entering a I .urge Door Leading to Activity," will begin ut 9 5o a in. Saturday and 9 a.m. Sunday. 
The highlight of the assembly will be a talk at 2 p.m. Sunday on "Follow the Way to Life" by I). N. 

I Bennett. 
Bennett is a representative of Watchtower Bible and Tract Society of New York. Inc. 
About 4.5oo Jehovah’s Witnesses from Central and 
Southwest Texas are expected to attend the assem­ bly. 

C atholic ftudeiit.* meet 

The annual Texas Catholic Student Conference will be held Friday through next Sunday ut the 
I Gunter Hotel in San Antonio. 
Students from 14o Texas colleges and universities are expected to attend. 
The keynote address on "W h y Can’t We be 
Friends,*’ will be given by Fr. Clarence Rivers, a composer, actor and noted speaker. 
Archbishop Francis Furry of San Antonio will participate in the conference. 
Camp director chosen 

John Mace has been appointed director of the 
YMCA Camp Flaming Arrow’s summer program beginning June 5 aud continuing for IO weeks. 
Mace started with the Northeast YMCA iii 1969 as a sports official. He has served that branch as day camp counselor, pool manager, parent-child pro­ gram director, day camp director, aquatics director and youth sports director. 
Ile will also run the weekend tamping held throughout the year for church, school, YMCA and other groups. 
Camp Flaming Arrow . 235 acres ut the Texas Hill 
Country, was established in l)r27. 

San Antonio EXPRESS-N EW S— Sunday February 2o 1977 
T h e w e a th e r 
FORECAST 

'S A N A N T O N IO A N D V IC IN I 
T Y — Folr and mild with cool niohts through M ondoY. North- erlv winds from IU to IS mph. 
High temperature tor Sunday In the mld-6os. Low tem p eratu re tor Su nd ay In the upper 3os. 
High tem perature for M onday neor 7o. The sun rises at 7:o8 and sets at 6:28. The moon is new. Moon rises at 9.o4 a m. and sets at 9:59 p.m. Tem peratures for Saturday ranged from 45 to 
68 degrees. (M otional W eather 
Service forecast ) 
R E L A T IV E H U M ID IT Y -r 3o per cent as of 6 p m. Saturday. 
P R E C I P IT A T I O N 
- T o ta l rainfall for the 24 hour period ending at 7 p rn. Saturday, none; for the month, .91 of an Inch, for the y e a r , 
4.o1 in c h e s . 
A c ­ cumulated departure from nor mal for the month, minus .43 of 

 an inch; for the year, plus .96 of an Inch. 
N O R T H 
T E X A S 
— 
F a ir through Monday. 
SO U T H T E X A S - F a ir and mfld through 
Monday, cool at night. 
W E S T T E X A S — F a ir w ith w arm er afternoons through 
Monday 
N A T IO N A L — Snow will fall from the northern and central 
Atlantic Coast states across the lower G reat Lak es region, the upper Ohio Valiev, the northern 
A ppalach ian s, upper M ichigan and around much of L a k e M i­ chigan. Rain will fall from the 
Carolinas into southern Virginia as well as across the northern half of the Pacific Coast states. 
Elsewhere fair • or portly cloudy skies a re forecast. It w ill be unseasonably w arm from tUe 

G reat Plains westward. Season ably cool to cold w eather will p revail elsewhere. 
T E M P E R A T U R E E X T R E M E S 
Lowest, IO degrees below zero at W arroad, Minn 
H ighest, 94 degrees at P a lm 
Springs, Calif 
M A R IN E 
W IN D S — N o rth e rly w ind s from IO to 15 mph. 
T ID E S — P o rt A ra n sa s tor 
Tuesday: high tides will be at 
4:o8 a m . and 4 36 p m .; low tides will be at 11:o6 a m. <tnd 
11:25 pm . Port Isabel for Tues­ day; high tides will be at 5:o7 a rn. and 5:35 p m ; low tides will be at 11:55 a m. and 12:14 p m. 

 p 
• I tll MN MSN c. 
• CAU 736,1561 

SA N A N T O N IO 
P R E C IP IT A T IO N 
1*77 
1*76 
A v * 
Rec 
Jo n 
3io 
o 56 
1.76 
I 32 
Feb 
o*1 
o 13 
I AS 
7 l l 
1»76 
1*71 
Av*. 
Rec 
M ot 
I >o 
o 52 
I 67 
4 19 
Aor 
5 67 
2 39 
2 28 ll 64 
MOV 
5 8o 
6 91 
3 45 
14 o7 
Jun 
I 61 
4 6o 
2 95 
IO 44 
Ju ly 
5 3* 
o 44 
I 69 
8 18 
Aug 
2 o9 
I 22 
2 36 ll 14 
Sept 
3 79 
o SI 
4 59 
15 78 
O O 
8 48 
2 25 
2 3o 
9 561 
NOV 
I 46 
o o3 
I 37 
6 79 
Dec 
I VS 
I 48 
I 75 
6 72 

G R E A T E R SA N A N T O N IO 
San Anfonlo 
45 
68 
OO 
SO U T H T E X A S 
Austin 
49 
67 
OO 
Brownsville 
57 
81 
OO 
Corpus Christi 58 
69 
OO 
Cotulla 
5o 
68 
OO 
Del Rio 
46 
73 
OO 
Junction 
37 
67 
OO 
Victoria 
6o 
69 
OO 

 g u r t t 
( h o w 

 eh 
7ot«mp«r aigret 

 r a r e a 

NATIONAL W IATHIK SERVICE 
NOAA. U'S Dept cd Commerce 

Alpine 
Am arillo 
E l Paso 
Fort Worth 
Houston 
Lubbock 
Lufkin 
San Angelo 
Waco 
SO U T H W E S T 
Denver 
27 
55 
Honolulu 
63 
82 
Los Angeles 
53 
77 
Las Vegas 
41 
77 
Phoenix 
51 
88 
Salt Lake City 
27 
61 
San Diego 
53 
67 
SO U T H C E N T R A L 
Kansas City 
29 
44 
Louisville 
32 
47 
Memphis 
43 
52 

OO 
OO 
OO 
OO 
OO 
OO 
.o2 
OO 
OO 

OO 
OO 
OO 
OO 
OO 
OO 
OO 

Oklahoma City 4o 
55 
OO 
St Louis 
31 
33 ll 
W ichita 
3o 
55 
OO 
S O U T H E A S T 
Atlanta 
4o 
68 
.oo 
Birm ingham 
4o 
66 
OO 
Charleston 
6o 
68 
OO' 
Jacksonville 
51 
72 
OO 
New Orleans 
53 
75 
OO 
Raleigh 
28 
49 
OO 
Richmond 
3o 
55 
OO 
M E X IC O 
Neqlcon tem peratures appear 
In both Fa h re n h e it and C en ti­ grade or Celsius. Fahrenheit is listed first In each column ) . 
87/31 
79/26 
84/29 
72/22 
86/3o 

Acapulco 
G uodalaiora 
Mazatlan ... 
Mexico City 
M onterrey .. 

75/24 
5o/1o 
57/14 
46/o8 
5o/1o 

T E X A S W E A T H E R 
Forecast 
City 
Tem prature 
Sun. 
Mon. 

Am arillo 
33-59 
32-68 
Fa ir, w arm er 
Austin 
38 65 
4o 65 
Fa ir, w arm er 
Laredo 
43-66 
44 75 
Fair, cool 
Corpus Christi 
45-69 
47-76 
Fair, mild 
Victoria 
45-69 
45-75 
Fa ir, w arm er 
Dallas-Fort Worth 
37 65 
4o-65 
Fair, w arm er 
McAllen Brow nsville 55-65 
55-75 
F a ir, mild 
Houston 
35-68 
38-68 
Fair, mild 

Front hits state 

ASSOCIATED PRESS 

Strong' winds pushed a cold front into Texas vSa- turday that dropped temperatures into the 4os and 5os behind a Luf- kin-Del Rio-Marfa line. 

Gusts to 3o miles an hour were reported from 
Dallas-Fort Worth to 
Midland and San Anton­ io; southerly winds to 15 miles an hour prevailed along the Gulf Coast. 

The front was dry. and forecasters saw no rain in the state for Sunday. 

Forecasts called for fair skies over most of the state, with winds diminishing. 

REGISTER FREE! 
IN THE BIG DELUXE SUPERMARKETS 
1,ooo,ooo 
TOP VALUE STAMP 
GIVEAWAY! 

★ N O PURCHASE NECESSARY ★ 
(DETAILS in EACH STORE) 

, 
4 

BACON 9 5 ’ 
, 
W J 
12 OZ. PKO. " 
A 

RED RIPE SALAD SIZE 

THESE 
PRICES GOOD 
SUNDAY, FIB. 2oTH 
THRU 
WED., FEBRUARY 23RD 

1 9 2 7 

PINT 
BEANS 

U.S. # I 
4-LB. 
BAG 

IIMIT-3-PLEASE « ADDITIONAL . . . 

25 BONUSvZ STAMPS 
WITH THE PURCHASE OF ON 
IO CT. PKO. OF EL POPO 
TACO SHELLS 

ROME BEAUTY 
I CALIF. LAROE CRISP 
TOMATOES* 49* APPLES 4T$1oo HOTPEPPERS49f LETTUCE 

FARM FRESH 
YELLOW 
ONIONS 

CALIFORNIA 

“FUERTE” 
♦AVOCADOS 

■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■•■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■P. 

DELUXE QUALITY 
HEAVY BEEF 
BEEF SKIRTS 
(FAJITAS) 

■d e l u x e q u a l it y h e a v y b e e f ! 

I I 

 t, CHUCK 
F STEAKS 

BLADE 

CUT 
I 
I 

LB. 

DELUXE QUALITY 
SHOULDER 
ROAST ie. 

LB. 
DELUXE QUALITY 
ROUND 

 r f 
> 
MEAT 

To have your problem solved or a rfues- lions answered* write Action-Express, P.O. 
Jinx 2/7/, San Antonio^ 7 A 78297. 

Movies sliding? 

What has happened to the San Antonio intros? It seems to me the hest ones play at some obscure theater for three days and then are gone forever while “ Planet of the Apes” and “ Son of PlanetQf the 
Apes” and “ Planet of the Apes Rides Again” run for months and months and then return for morfC long runs. 
I’m sure that San Antonio has never missed an 
X-rated movie, which seem to be in abundance: This is a matter of small moment to me, as I ani a firm believer in “ everyone to his own taste, as the old lady said when she kissed the cow." 
Most of the movies I see are PG and I often wonder what demented parent guides her offspring into these shows. I once took a friend to see a Peter 
Sellers movie, which seemed harmless enough. But there was a sneak preview of a X-rated movie. When we made our exit, we were no longer curious, hut were yellow’ with shock. She has held me personally responsible for the incident ever since. 
There are a number of movies I would like to see which get to Houston, hut never get to San Antonio. 
Right now’, for example, there is one called 
“ Rocky” which is up for Academy Awards, hut I have never seen it advertised for San Antonio^ 
Has it come and gone after a three-day stay? I have been looking for it for months and I thought surely when it was nominated for an Oscar I might be able to see it. 
*> 

M; I. T. 

W ell, we will answer 

 your question about 

“ Rocky” first. It has not been in San Antonio yet. 
It IS coming here this 
Friday at the New [.aurei 
Theater on San Pedro 
Avenue. They have Just concluded a long-run showing of “ The Pink 
Panther Strikes Again.” 
The “ New Laurel” is 

 certainly not an obscure theater, it consistently has good first-run 

 movies. 
As for your other criti­ cisms, it is true San An­ tonio is not a prime movie market and (Urns which have shown in 
Austin months ago still have not arrived here. 
As for the X-rated ads 

 during the PG movie, because of complaints 

 about this sort of thing. 

—«AED> 

 the ads are now usually rated to match the films with which they are shown, in other words, the commercial for an 
X-rated movie w ill be suitable for a PG au­ dience. A raunchier ad might be shown Lo an audience attending an 
X-rated film. 
As for the good films 

 all missing San Antonio, there isn’t a good enough market here for a lot of them. We recently went to see a hilarious satire called 
“ The 
Ruling 

Class” and hardly any­ one laughed during the entire three-hour 

 episode. 
It may all boil down to 

 the fact that while 

 movies are better than ever, the audiences are not. 

Indians wanted 

I hoard something on television about some grou wanting Indians for a movie. I couldn’t get th details (you know how things are all jumbled o television) and was wondering if Action-Expres knows anything about this? 

PART INDIA' 

It isn t a movie, hut an 

 historical outdoor drama that needs “ Indians.” 

They are really looking 

 for actors to play the roles of the Medicine 
Man and two chiefs for the drama “ Beyond the 
Sundown.” 
The drama is being 

 staged at the Alabama- 
Coushatta Indian Reser­ vation near Livingston. 
The reservation has a 
1,6oo-seat outdoor am­ phitheater. 
They are looking for 

 about 6o actors and dancers and some 

 technicians. 
Auditions will he con­ 

 ducted at I p.m. this coming Saturday at the 
Institute of Texan Cul­ tures at HemisFair Pla­ za. The man in charge is 
Richard Ayers. 

The rehearsals for 

 those chosen will begin 
June 13 and the big pa­ geant will be presented each night at the reser­ vation Ju ly I through 
Angust 2o except on Sun­ days. 

The drama — now in 

 its third season — depicts the history of the Abba- ma-Coushatta Indians during the battle for 
Texas independence. 

KM OL news music 

Can you find out the name of the music they use on 
KMOL-TV for their news? 
They recently changed it and I know I have heard it before, hut I can’t remember the name. 

GOING CRAZY 

Okay, we lobbed in a 

 call to KMOL and were told it was “ Farandole” from Bob James Album ll. 
Well, that didn't quite 

 hit the mark, because we remembered it as being a piece of classical music in an updated version. 

It is a piece from 

L'Arlesienne Suite N I. 2 by Bizet. There are more than two dozen versions of it available from,re­ cord stores, but if jeu have any classical music at home, it is likely among the pieces you al­ ready have. 

Hoots reaction 

This is in response to the article in Aetion-fix- press, I am sick of hearing how “ great” Roots was. 
Everyone has built an average novel to proportions it doesn t deserve. While the show was entertaining at times, it certainly wasn't as great as many people would have one think. r 
After the first two episodes, I thought the show was utterly boring for the most part. There was nothing in this show that most viewers hadn't already read about in high school history hooks It had its good moments, bul after the first two shows these moments were far and few between 
P * to Imagine anyone ranking this nome with the great nuni-senes like “ Rich Man, Pdor 
Man and "Once an Eagle." 
ABC-TV may re-run “ Roots,” hut this is igie viewer who won t In* watching 
(i ll 

Frankly, we den t think 

VIK will be tee upset — there are millions el ether viewers whe found 
“ Keels” the most mev- lag and fascinating thing they have ever seen en 

 television. 
And -Rich Man. Poor 

Man’’ is certainly a bote as far as the viewers are concerned - B's slipped 
•ut of the top 2o rated TV shews 

 rn 

Show will be high in energy 

ROBERT S. HARRIS 
DIANE MAGGES 

There’s no energy shortage — especially of the human variety — in 
Scandinavia. 
Take it from Eastman 
Kodak Co. photographers who focused on the spir­ ited people of Sweden, 
Denmark, and Norway for Kodak’s latest mul­ timedia show being sponsored in San Antonio by the Express-News. 

When SCANDINAVIA 
- LAND OF PICTURES premieres locally Tues­ day at 7:3o p.m. at 
Trinity 
University’s 
Laurie Auditorium, San 
Antonians will meet some “ very serious, in­ dustrious, energetic and thoroughly delightful 
Scandinavians,’’ said 
Robert S. Harris, direc­ tor of the show, and one 
^Sooted 

■sale p r ic eI 
GOOD MON 
■ & TUES. 

Qster 
DELUXE 
HEATING PAD 
I" 77 

 wootco 
PRICE 7.94 

3 heat settings. 1oo% waterproof pad con­ struction. 
Lighted con­ trol. 161 sq. in Wash­ able flannel cover. 
78o-o1 

O sier 
DELUXE MOIST 
HEATING PAD 

W 
I7 7 r WOOLCO 
PRICE 12.88 

Cellulose-type sponge for moist heat ap­ plication. Use for dry heat, too. 3 heat set­ tings. 
1oo% waterproof con­ struction. 161 sq. in. 
781-o1________________ 
Osier 
KING SIZE BODY 
HEATING PAD 
TFTF 
WOOLCO 
RICE I S.88 

288 sq. in. 6o% larger than normal pads. 
Great for heat ap­ plications to larger areas of body. 4 heat settings. 
1oo% wet­ proof. 5-yr. guarnatee. 

782-o1 

FOO! 
MASSAGER 
26 
REG. 34.88 

Use for am, wrist, hand massage. Whirling water-in-motion aerated massage. Ad­ 

 justable massage intensities, from Gentle to High-intensity. 176o-o1 

2-INTENSITY 
“ IMPERIAL” 
MASSAGER 
J 8 8 

REG. 45.88 
Choose from 
Gentle " or "Vigorous'' 
Suspended motor adion. Great (or refreshing all over body ma*soge # 
138 o1 

BODY.TONE 
BODY MASSAGER 
7 7 
21 REG. 28.95 

Refresh wHh soothing "mfroRed" heat only. ReiWt; bends with body. Covets entire 

 back. Heavy duty leatherette. Convenient remote control. Comfortable, with head 

 rest. #769.o3 

^"TRRBBHTtTrBVtySS^ 

L 
• C*m*w**r LM »•« Ae 
J 

 wootco m w vu no »iew to m n au.MTitnt—hot 
>oe ” 

U M W ill 
COMMIX I 
•*4-eeei 

U t low 
JVIMUt 
IJJ- n e e 

 too ciu eo 
WM wnwoui rn-an i 

•m o p w o o t c o tsao A .* , t o etso p .a». m o n o at th o u tA tu to A V 

111* S w 
M unjor oe. 
o14-1441 

 an o Ju stin mn ti • n im 
O JI 44o1 

MT min UMH lunet1 

UTO# IC I HUI UIM M TItr 
»*«»•«' ««w I. Oi> n'jr; 

 of the Kodak photogra­ phic specialists who will present the show at 
Laurie. The other half of the team is Diane Maggs, also a member of Ko­ dak’s Consumer Markets 
Division. 
Honesty 
“ If Scandinavians say they’ll do something, ifs done,” 
Harris continues. “ It was a real pleasure working with such honest, straightfor­ ward people. 
“ They really seemed to like Americans, too. In fact, they are so serious and deliberate that they actually admire Ameri­ cans because we tend to be jovial, and still achieve the same degree of success,” he said. 
Behind the scenes on 
Tuesday and Wednesday evening, six Kodak Car­ ousel slide projectors and a 16 mm Kodak Pageant arc projector, manned by* a skilled Kodak projec­ tionist, will be working to present the multi-image spectacular through a sophisticated fade and dissolve technique. 
Awesome 
A single awesome pan­ orama or as many as 12 separate pictures at one time alternately will fill the 12 by 36-foot screen. 
Authentic sounds and music and interviews re­ corded on location and synchronized to comple­ ment the visuals will be heard. 
SCANDINAVIA 
-r 
LAND OF PICTURES is the ninth Kodak travel multi-media spectacular presented in San Antonio under the sponsorship of the Express and News. 
The newspapers of­ fered free tickets to the 
Tuesday and Wednesday evening shows. Within a week, however, the ticket supply for both nights was exhausted. 
However, if there are still seats available IO minutes before show time, then persons without tickets will be sealed. 
Program gets new leader 
Oliver Nelson, a train­ ing specialist at Ran­ dolph Air Force Base's 
Headquarter Air Train­ ing Command, has been named Black Program 
Coordinator for the Com­ mand. 
As Black Program 
Coordinator, Nelson will work with Equal Em ­ ployment Opportunity representatives to help enhance employment, training and advance­ ment opportunities for blacks. 
Nelson, 46, said his goal is to insure that everyone gets fair treat­ ment in employment, promotions and rewards. 

JOHN MARSHALL FFA BOOSTER CLUB 
HIGH SCHOOL Says “ THANKS to Our Friends” 

WARMEST THANKS TO OUR MANY FRIENDS, BUYERS, CONTRIBUTORS, AND OTHERS FOR 
THEIR PARTICIPATION IN THE MOST SUCCESSFUL JOHN MARSHALL FFA LIVESTOCK 
SHOW AND AUCTION ON JANUARY 28TH AND 29TH AT WALTER GERLACH PARK. 
BUYERS AND CONTRIBUTORS TO THE 1977 JOHN MARSHALL FFA STOCK SALE 

J.H. MAULDIN CORP. 
RAY ELLISON, JR. 
OAK HULS MOTOR INN 
GPM LIFE INSURANCE 
OLMOS EGPT. 
RAY BACON CONST. 
UNIVERSAL FORM TOPS 
SOUTHWEST NATIONAL BANK 
BUDDii am m o super mkt. 
MIKE SPENCER 
BANKS ANO DOLTS 
ROU ANDERSON 
DR. STEVE MAROSOVICH 
MAY WALY CONT. CO. A A il MOTORS jim McDonough, jr. 
AGGREGATE PLANT PRODUCTS 
HICKS BROS. jim McDonough, sr. 
NEWMAN CROCKER DRUERY 
JOHN L WAUER 
V.CJ. INC john McDonough 
SMITH AND MCCOMBS 
HANO BUTANE GAS COMPANY 
PETER COLLINS 
SAN ANTONIO AUTO WRECKERS ASSN. 
GENERAL SUPPLY 
CAPITOL BURING SERVKE 
RICHARD DEMUNBRUN 
ROEGELBN 
C AROINT Ai AUTOMOTIVE REBUILT 
JEFFERSON STAEE BANK 
HIU COUNTRY FEED 
SWIFT 
STRAUS-FRANK 
ROY MCGINNIS 
SHARPTOWN HOSPITAL 
SAN ANTONIO PACKING 
HARDING-CONIY AND DRU ARD 
CLINTON SCHEU 
TOM TURNER S1GMOR 
McDonough bros. 
TERRIU BROS. 
SAMUEL GALM 
RAY CARPENTER 
GRAND I RESERVE ORD. STEBE 
RICKS DANEY 
N J. ZACHRY, SR 
KIRBY STATE 
MELVIN WORTH-LARRY IRVIN 
CUERO TURKEY FBST. 
CLYDE DENTON COMPANY 
AMERICAN MIDI CORP. 
WEIDERSTEIN FURNITURE 
R I. McMullin 
ED GRUETZNER IUCTRK 
PHILP S INS 
WUDERS SUPPLY 
SAN ANTONIO COMMUNITY HOSP. 
AU STATE PACKING COMPANY 
KLW CABINETS 
LONI STAR PIT SUPPLY 
JESS BAKR SIMARD HOMES 
COLONIAL AUTO SUPPLY, INC 
MAPLE SPRINGS CHARIOT 
POOR BOY SUPERMARKET joe McMullin 
DOLLARS WORTH AUTO UIMIX 
VOIGHT 
MYERS PLUMBING 
KIUABAUS PROVISION CO. 
ROY AU-MATT HUSSEN 

 don McDonough 
LONE STAR COMMISSION 
GENE CANAVAN 
EU INDUSTRIES 
ARMSTRONG PLUMBING SUPPLY 
FRONTIER ENTERPRISES 
CONSTRUCTION SERVICE 
ELGIN IUTUR BRICK COMPANY (AUSTIN) 
SOUTH MOORE HOSPITAL 
TEXAS LIMOUSIN 
ALAMO AUTO PARTS 
MONTGOMERY WARD 
M.M. SMITH A SON PAINT CONT. 
MARUS ELECTRIC 
DUMAS HARDWARE 
JACK JANKE 
SANTA CAL HOLSTEIN 
CIRCLE N DAIRY 
ED FLUME BUILDING SPECIFIES 
SAN ANTONIO FLOOR FINISHERS 
GREEN WAY HOMES 
DOMORE CORP. 
RUFUS WAUER I COMPANY 
AMERICAN DECORATING COMPANY 
GRAHAM PLUMBING 
RAUL FERNANDEZ 
FRID W. MUY A SON 
KUCK PLUMBING COMPANY 
CLEARLAKE HOSP. 
LOUIS FEED MILLS 
ROBERT S. BUSBY, D OX 
OLMOS BUILDING,!!*. 
PRO PLUS FUD 
FALSTAD 
J ROSS ROUS COMPANY, INC 
LARRY KUHAR! 
ALAMO WHITE LEASING 
SAFEWAY SCAfWRD 
MIDCAP BEARING SERVKE 
MI M CONVENIENCE STORES INC 
MARS PLUMBING 
MONARCH ENGINEER 
PHELPS A SIMMONS A GARZA 
AROflTECTS 

I t l l OSMENT w WTW 8— 
-•*- 9 
CEMENTo AMERICANA 
DELTA TRANSPORT 
PAU SHULT 
RAYMOND RANCH 
MtMUUIN-PNilPS 
CITIZENS NATIONAL BANK 
BIUY WAYNE DAVID tora GASKIN 
LEON VAUIY FUD 
MATON DONN 
ARMSTRONG COMPANY 
GARY TYSON 
SAN ANTONIO EGPT. SERVKE 
INGRAM EQUIPMENT COMPANY 
DOROTHY WATT 
JACK LANE CORP 
APACHE READY MIX 
GRUEN A MUELLER EQUIPMENT 
MAUREEN MULLINS 
SAM MIQUEL RUM RESTAURANT 
INDEPENDENT ROAD BORING 
COMPANY 
JAMIS A MARY STANLEY 
LARRY IRVING 
PAUL RICHTER SHUT ROCK 
OAKDfU PHARMACY 
MISS POUT S LIQUORS 
HKKS COMPANY 
IRVING KELLIS h OPT HSI DI STATE BANK 
RALPH SWU! REALTY 
LOUIS GIMBEL 
RABA ENGINEERING 
ALAMO ENTERPRISES 
I A H PACKING COMPANY 
MIKE PENCE 
PIE DONA MANLX AO ERS 
CUM I TITSWORTH 
TOWER DATA, INC 
STAFFELD 
NfWfU SALVAGE 
TIMOTHY GENNETT 
FtllDRtOt AIR CONDITIONING CO. 

OUR SPECIAL THANKS TO THE MCDONOUGH BROS. for their purchase of the Grand Champion Steer and Reserve Champion Steer 

San Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— Sunday February 2o 1977 

SALE PRICES 
GOOD MONDAY 
THRU WED. 
GCH loolco 

We w ant to be your favorite store. 

 non 
2 5 ” DIAGONAL 1oo% SOLID 
STATE MEDITERRANEAN OR 
COLONIAL COLOR CONSOLES 
YOUR CHOICE 

Super AccuCalor Work matrix picture tube for sparkling, sharply detailed color. Automatic Fin# Tuning pinpoint! and boid! the correct braodrost signal 
Signal 
Sensor" remote control changes, channels, adjusts volume, turns set on md off. IKA SI-IOO, 
1oo% solid stat# for reliability - no chassis tubas to burn out 
$599 

AU screen black matrix picture tube for sparkling, sharply detailed color. 
AccuMatic IV one button control of col or, tint, brightness and contrast At ruMotic Fine tuning pinpoints and holds the correct broadcast signal eler 
(tonically 1oo% solid state XI IOO chossis no tubes to burn out 
# 
GA658S 

1 9 ” DIAG. 
1oo% SOLID STATE 
COLOR PORTABLE 

1oo% solid state chassis, Automahc 
Fins Tuning mid a lot more in this compactly designed smartly styled 
KA SI-IOO table model. #FX43o •388 

19” DIAGONAL 
1oo% SOLID STATE 
BLACK St WHITE TV 

1oo% solid state block and whit# 

TV Recestad hondle with built in 

VHF and UKF antennas 
*149 

12” DIAGONAL 
BLACK A WHITE 
INDOOR 
“ SPORTABLE” 
1oo% solid state chassis for rebobdrty and low energy consumption 
New Vista IOO" tuner helps keep picture (lear, oven in fringe signal areas Quirk warm up picture tube uses no power when serves turned eft. •98 

STEREO PHONOGRAPH 
WITH TWO SPEAKERS 

Solid state stereo Automatic Mini fhono i speakers and mod dust raver AMFM adapter #F1/S 649 5 

COMPLETE HOME 
ENTERTAINMENT 
SYSTEM 

$ 
2 
1 
9 

Feature AM / FM Stereo, Deluxe BSR Record Chorsger with dust cover. 8 track recorder/Play with auto stop. 2 -2 7 " Tail Speakers. 8 speaker ' Duooone ' 
Audio system. # W W 3 o 3 7 

2 FR EI M IC* 
INCLUDED 
Eledrophonic 

 hlectrophonlc 
6 o " MEDITERRANEAN 
CONSOLE STEREO W /RECORDER 
• 2 1 8 featuring A M /P M stereo 8 frock Recorder/Player 
Deluxe ISR Record Changer Re Cord directly from radio, phono, or "LIV E !" # RY6o65o 

IIM M n . 
■BSB MLriflMP 

 i i n c JutiM. mr* ir ..rte ell 4441 

I WOOtCO O JO A M IO t o e P J L mo* ie AC THRU SA TURBA r 

M f MIN (.OM(SMM' 

MUMM' ON M I H U t r 

Sen Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— Sundu/ February 2o 1977 

AL OPENING MONDAY FROM 1o AM 'til 9 PM 
BEAN | 
BAGS. 

' / 
:: 
C t? 
- I 

FIRST C O M E 
FIRST SERVED 
ONLY 2o to sell 

HERCUION SOFA & CHAIR 

W ASHINGTON 
BIRTHDAY SPECIAL 
BELOW FACTORY PRICE USI 

ITEM 

B O O K C A SE 
RETAIL 
OUR 
PRICE 

$ 69 

You can literally make a room to suit yourself with this fine furniture. All pieces except bookcases are lighted. Center glide dustproof construction. White finish on select veneers with chrome accents. 

K IN G H EA D BO A RD 
$232 
$ 79 
TW IN H EA D BO A RD 
$223 
$ 69 
C O RN ER DESK 
$289 
$ 99 
V A N IT Y 
$378 
$139 
DESK 
$53 
$89 

/ ll 

All w ood with plastic tops. w » m honey pine finish 
Choose ii complete set or lost the pieces you need 

• Drat Mf with m irror.... *125 • Captain t bad ml draarar 
• Unpen# i M 
............. 
’W unit and bom* 
.... 
• Student D esk..................’79 • S-drawer (hast....... 
• Desk Chair................. *3S • Bookcase U n it....... a lunk Beds Complete o Commode.................. w/hankies ............... ‘2o9 • fair al twta bads........ 

‘2BS 
*95 
‘H S 
*49 
*129 

DOUBLE DRESSER, M IRRO R. H E A D B O A R D , A N D N IG H T S T A N D 

MANY OTHER 
PIECES IN 
THIS POPULAR 
GROUP ARE AVAILABLE. 

>253 

CALCULATOR 

With purchase of any living room, dining room or bedroom suite 

BERMUDA BED 

All day sofa, all night bed. An exciting new de­ sign. Lightweight, easy to move, perfect, tor teenagers, bedrooms, den or anywhere. Heavy- 
Duty Herculon with 2 Herculon Bolsters. 

WHILE 
THEY LAST 
• 7 9 
INSTANT CREDIT 
AVAILABLE all you need is 

PIT CRO U PS 

# BE OVER 18 e HAVE A DRIVERS 
LICENSE 

HAVE A LISTED PHONE 

BE EMPLOYED 

ONE OF THESE CARDS: 
Master Charge, BankAmericard, 
American Express, Diners Club. 

UP TO*75o 

A PIECE VINYL SUITE 

Tm 
. 
Latest styles 
Several colors 
Our regular price is $399. 
CLOSEOUT 
PRICE ........ 
O N L Y 6 TO SELL. 
*299 

LOWEST PRICES 

UNITED DISCOUNT FIMNIf URE 
GUARANTEE •( J bNSoL ) 

W I GUARANTEE**. THE LOWEST FURNITURE 
PRICES OF ANY FURNITURE STORE ANYWHERE. 
REGARDLESS OF ANY TYPE SALE (MERGER 
SAUS, END OF MONTH, CLEARANCE OR ANY 
OTHER SALE.‘ 
**IF YOU CAN FIND ANY NEW FURNITURE 
AT ANY RETAIL STORE AYWHERE THAT 
BEATS THE PRICE OF ANY FURNITURE YOU 
BUY AT UNITED DISCOUNT FURNITURE WE 
WILL REFUND TO YOU 12o% OF THE DIFFER- 
ENCE. (CONDITIONS: (I) PRICE CONFIRMA­ 
TION IS REQUIRED (2) MUST BE BETWEEN 
3o DAYS OF PURCHASE (3) MUST BE ALIKE 
AND OF SAME BRAND AND/OR MODEL 
NUMBER(S). 

UNITED DISCOUNT BEDDING VALUES 

6-inch F O A M SETS 

 t w i n ................. ,5 9 .#l 

 f u l l .................. *79,.. 
Q U EEN ........... *1o9,.I 
K IN G ...............*149,.. 

2o-YEAR ORTHOPEDIC 

T W I N ............. *1o9... 

 f u l l .............. *129,.. 

 q u e e n 
*174». 

 k i n g ............. *229,.. 

HIJACK 
SWIVEL 
ROCKERS 

O nly 6 to sell . 

DeSolo Dining Room 

1149 

SPANISH LA FRANCI VELVET 

 ft.outt.ut medallion pat­ tern at th. lew**! poet in 
South Texas 
W ASHINGTONS 
BIRTHDAY SPECIAL 

W arm country French suite ol all w ood by 
W orld Fam ous m anufacturer.Includes triple 
(busser, twin mirrors, night stand, and any size headboard 

Armoire che,, when purchased with suite ............... 

* 5 9 9 

* 1 5 9 

 e TRIPLE DRESSER e DECK MIRROR 
# HEADBOARD e NIGHT STAND . 
$1 9 9 

Carefree vinyl in gold or chestnut — all in brass nailhead trim 

Includes chair, sofa, loveseat and ottoman *399 

FRENCH BERNHEARDT 
DINING ROOM 

* 3 9 9 
OUR REG. 
‘479 

 fn^Tegant French style includes beautiful lighted china, oval diamond reverse inlay top table, 
3-side chairs and 1-arm chair. 

VELVET SOFA 
A LOVESEAT 

Beautiful quilted velvet sofa and loveseat. Traditional style goes with anything. 
A UNITED 
$ 4 ) o o 
DISCOUNT VALUE .... 
M O O 

NMMrn 

CRESTLINE 

Crestline sofa, loveseat, and chair with fine Crestline con­ struction. 
A UNITED 
DISCOUNT VALUE .... 
M T T 

BAR 
STOOLS 

*2 9 “ each 

BEAUTIFUL SECTIONAL 

Several styles to choose from ... 

O N LY . 
AT THIS PRICE 

BASSETT D IN IN G RO O M SUITES 

Beauti! 
Mfd. .Mf id style includes lighted chins, with b f grillwork, end gUte 
(■helves. 5 side ch eat end I atm cheir of ell w ood with decorator seats 

YOUR 
CHOICE 

*5 5 5 ’ 

LA FRANCE VELVET SOFA 
AND CHAIR i I 

In genuine La France Velvet Choice of colors .............................. 

WASHINGTON S BIRTHDAY SPECIAL 

Beautiful Oak styling features met proof M e a n s table top. Chara Has wood grillwork, glass shelves and lights Suite includes table, chats and 5 side cheat with I arm chaa 

ALL W O O D 
I 

ALL LAMPS 
Vi PRICE! 

W ith p u rc h a s e o f liv in g ro o m tu t*# d in in g ro o m k y tlo Of b o d io o t ii W it t at t h . lim . of p a r (h a v e o n l y 1 

EUROPEAN 
RENAISSANCE 
BEDROOM 

Beautiful pecan finish. Com­ plete suite includes large tri­ ple door dresser, large lighted door chest, brass grill work, 
7-toot tall armoire chest. night stand and any sue 
$ I T T ( headboard 
I A A S 

EUROPfAN RENAISSANCE 
BEM OON SUITE 

BASSITT BEDROOM 

O triple Dresser t e m M n ,ar ■ 
Deer Chest 

Complot#...*599 

(any steel 

LAMAR SI. 
SPECIALS 
DISCONTINUED 
DISCOUNTS 
OR DAMAGED 
PERRIN. 
BEITEL 

HI BRITON FRENCH 
DINING ROOM 

Beautiful reverse diam ond inlay top table, 4 side chairs, 2 arm chairs, velvet cushions and cane backs and 
9 lighted china 
1 6 9 5 

BLUE FLORAL SOFA 
A LOVESEAT 
I only 

Reg $355 * 2 6 5 
H i 

BLU! CURYLO ARM 
SOTA 4 LOVE,UT 

 h i tow $3)9 

...a .,‘ 2 4 9 

Eorly American Linen 
Sofa and Loveseat or 
Sofa A Choir 
4 sets ta sad 
Your choice 
Reg $425 
A 
7 
J 

BROYHILL 
DINING ROOM 
Double orch china, tre»tl« toble, 5 tide A I arm chok 
IC O G 
Reg low $749 
S Y 
T 

ALL MERCHANDISE SUB­ 
JECT TO PRIOR SALE AU 
SOLD U t COM E O U t 
SERVED. WE RESERVE 
THE RIG HT TO LIMIT 
Q U A N T IT IE S O N ALL 
M ER C H A N D ISE. SO M E 
M E R C H A N D IS E ILLUS­ 
TRATED M A Y NOT BE 
EXACTLY AS SHOWN 

UP TO 

*7 5 o 
INSTANT 

CREDIT 
AVAILABLE 

Early American sofa A loveseat 
2 each ,tora rag low $699 $ f 5 # | C 
SPECIAL 
S 
V 
S 
Vin w e i get et Cold 

COMP r n OUR LOW 
DISCOUNT PRICES 
HRT WHERE IR SOUTH TEXAS 

Jiam n 

DINETTE VALUE, 

 u 
SwMMteM IMI trillhi 

2 . end 6 chain 

I . 4 chon Retail ,159 
* 
8 9 

119 

_______________ wrought 

3 . n a Md*. 4 d a m 
* 1 3 9 

. 
Laddie Sack (keel {,) and 
4 . heavy (breme leg roble 
1 4 9 
5 
Heavy bvrlwainwt table with 4 
. (ham en (alle n 
Beautiful ter Di­ nette et G a m e 
Group 
2 7 5 

 j 
Heovybutchor block toble ond 4 
o . hoary (brome arm 
* 3 ) 9 

 i (MEAT STOCK OE O N E-11o.ooo 
O M N HOURS* 
TUES! THURS. 
SAT. 

1 o - o 
1 o - 9 
1 o - 3 

FINL FURNITURE FOR A FRACTION OF RETAIL 

- 
2 thrrktep table ond 4 ok < . . c 
7 . wood chum 
4 4 5 

SOME QUANTITIES 
ARE LIMITED 

-IST COME- 
1ST SERVED. 

5-DRAWER CHEST 

Completely finished in maple or pine tone. 

O nly 6 to tell at oach store 
First Com e — Fir*t Served •29“ 

One Only 
RINK SOFA A 
LOVESEAT. 

Reg $485 * 1 4 9 

FMAR BEDROOM 
Triple dre»»er, minor, Full or Q u een h e ad b o ard , night bland, chest 
*1oo 
W T T Com plete 

SPANISH WALDREN 
SOFA. 

Reg 
$ 3 o 9 

1 4 9 

Harrison Dark Oak bedroom with dresser, twin mirrors, w a r d r o b e chest n i g h t stand, queen or full head­ board 

**** 
* 8 4 5 

 reg V 
SPECIAL one only 

BAMBOO SOFA and 2 chairs, I cocktail, and 2 end table* 

 i » . 
* 1 
7 
o 
•ach store 
I rn rn 

PARTY TABUS 
A 4 CHAIRS on castors. 2-sets, Both damaged. 
Reg. IO S4SS 
YOUR CHOICE 
A 
T 
& 

ONE RIVERSIDE SOTA 
AMI LOVESEAT. 
Herculon plaid exposed wood reg $649 
$ 4 Q A 
BOTH PIECES 
"IT T 

Men and divorce 

Sunday 

February 2o 1977 

Page 
I -E 

EXPRESS-NEWS 
S towe 

By ROBERT CASSIDY 

Copyright 1 9 7 7 

The divorce laws and the divorce courts of A m e rica 
I d isc r im in a te against men. 
( 

Take inst a few examples of bias: 

• 
Only men pay alimony and child support. Though the laws in most states say both m a rria g e partners are equally responsible for one another's care and that of the children, it is the rare case when a woman has to pay alimony or child support. 

• Men have no control over how the money they send their ex-wives will be spent Wives are not re ­ quired to prove that they use child-support money for the chil­ dren’s beneifit. 

Nor is there much a man can do when the hard-earned cash he sends is used to “ support” his ex- wife's live-in boyfriend. 

• 
Men obtain custody of their children in only a small percentage of eases — as low as 2 or 3 per cent in some states. Most states have laws stating that the granting of custody shall not lie determined by the parents' sex. 

More than a million couples n ill di- force this year in the I niterI States. So- cietx tra dition ally fat uses on the d ile m ­ ma of the u o m e n a n d children o f divorce 
— largely glossing over the fact that men as n e ll have serious problem s as a result o f divorce. 
In this first r f a f o u r -p a rf series, u r ite r - e d it o r R o b e r t C a s s id y o ffers a s u r v i v a l kit for th e h a r r i e d d i v o r c e d man. based in p art on his ow n experience 

 the old story. You go to court and get no satisfaction She goes to court and gets everything.” 

The case of Roger Black (not his real name I illustrates what so often happens to men in divorce court 
Black, a 4o-year-old sales clerk in a 
New York suburb, came home one night to find that his young bride had taken off with their infant daughter and $1(1.(MMI from a joint sayings account. 

Black nearly went crazv trying to 

Black’s wife refused to let him see the child, even though the court order stated clearly that he had the right. Black s wife would hide the child in a friend s apartment or just not answer the doorbell when he came to see his daughter. “ All along, visitation was being denied, but the court would do nothing about that.” he observed drily 

When Black was hurt iii an auto accident and lost his job. he fell behind in support payments. The court acted swiftly, first threatening him with jail and then a c t u a l l y locking him up for a day and a night. 

Salute to the PT A— see page 9-E 

McCombs to be feted 

San A ntonio c iv ic le a d e r 
“ Red” Met'omits will be honor gu est at the Pan A m e r ic a n 
Optimist Club’s l i t h C an d le­ light Charity Ball. 

The benefit w ill be iii the Banquet 
Halt of the Henry B Gonzalez Con­ vention Center at 8 p.m. Saturday. 
March 5. 
McCombs is a longtime supporter of the economic Development Foun­ dation and of the scholarship pro­ gram s and activities of the O pti­ mists. LI LAC Council and SANYO. 
Ile has aided the M inority Stu­ dents' Education Fund since it was started at RTSA Medical School, and he was co-chairman of a successful 
$2,(MKI.(MMI Capital Fund Drive for 
Central Catholic High School 
Proceeds from the ball will benefit the club's Friend of the Youth pro­ grams. Optimists sponsor a Little 
League of 18 teams in which over 25o boys participate. 
Over $5<MUMMi has gone into youth projects since the club was founded iii lune of 1943 The Candlelight Ball s master of ceremonies will be Judge 
Rudy Esquivel. The Paul Elizondo 
Orchestra and Jon Esquivel Combo will play for dancing. 

< bairnie!! 
Dan IL Saucedo is general chair­ man of the ball, assisted by Joe Men- diola and Second B Prince. Com­ mittee chairmen include Robert IV. 
Purdom Jr. and Rolwri Carina Jr., finance; Edmund Galvan, publicity. 
Also. Manny Luna, decorations; Joe 
O’Con, music; aud Joe Mendiola. 
Manuel Ortiz, Eddie Garza, Simon 
Castillo and Joe Cassel), program book ads. 
And, Felix B Trevino, program book; Arthur Estrada, table arrange­ ments; Peter N. Reed, ushers; An­ drew O scar F lores, can d elab ra; 
Manuel Ortiz, security; Brig (ion. 
Belisario Flores and Col. Waldo Xt* menes. military liaison, 
Afchislinp 

 see a special collection 

 of fashion furs 

 including russian sable, mink, 

 lynx, fox and a group 

 of sport furs troin 

 one of new york s leading furriers 

 tomorrow, downtown on three; 

 tuesday & wednesday at 

 north star mall. 

PARTICIPANTS in the Pan American Optimist Club’s Cand­ lelight Ball include Mr, and Mrs. Joe O ’Con and Mr. and Mrs. 
Red McCombs 

Also, Fernando Guerra program; 
Ed Galvan, protocol, John Esquivel, underwriting; and Pete D. Cruz, bud­ get. Opti-Mrs will be in charge of invitations. 
Club officers include Joe O’Con, president; Felix B. Trevino, presi­ dent-elect; Dun ll Saucedo and Dav id 
C. DeLeon, vice presidents; Robert 
Garcia Jr., secretary-treasurer; and 
Peter M Sandoval, sergeant-at-arms. 

 all are outstanding 

 and all at special prices, 

 lur salon. 

FROST BROS. 

. . . surviving the trauma 

 cable breakdown of the marriage.” or because “ irreconcilable differ­ ences’’ have come between tin* parties — or simply because (lie couple has lived apart for a stipu­ lated period 

No longer must one of the parties prove the other guilty of adultery, cruelty or any of the other tradi­ tional grounds. 

In other areas of the laws govern­ ing divorce, progress is also being made, albeit largely on paper. In most states, the law decrees that the sex of the parents may not be the deciding factor in awarding cus­ tody; the “ best interests of the child” are paramount. 

As for alimony, that divoree-cmirt tinderbox, it is being awarded for shorter periods, with a view to tin 

 wife's returning to the work force ii sin* is not already in it. 

Additionally, the laws of neat Iv all s t a t e s require both parents, not inst the father, ta be responsible for their children’s support 

J mig*’* 

Despite these changes til legalese. same states have not come around to eradicating the bias against men in their divorce laws 

More im portantly, individual judges holding reign iii courthouses across the laud exercise enormous power when it come to handing down support decrees, deciding custody issues and dividing Uh couple’s property. Many divorce courts are still run like sta r chambers 

Happily, this discrimination is being attacked. Men are working together to pressure state legisla­ tures into enacting fair laws and to assure that individual men are treated fairly > by the courts in cities throughout the nation 

Basion: Fathers I lilted for Equal 
Justice (FUEJ) has been lobbying for reform of the Massachusetts custody law The group also pro­ vides volunteers who sit in on di­ vorce eases to monitor judges’ ac­ tions. 

St Raul.' Minn: The Men’s Rights 
Vssoeiutuai, led by reform er Hi­ lliard Doyle, keeps close tabs on local and national eases of discri­ mination against men. 

Los Angeles: Fathers Demanding 
Equal Justice is demanding that 

Continued on Rage 3-E 
___ 

The judge forced Black to borrow money to pay his arrears, even though the man was still recuperat­ ing from his accident. Nor did he get to see lits daughter. “ The judge didn't want to hear about visita­ tion.’’ Black recalls. 

Later, his wife moved to another state with the child, still refusing to let him see the little girl even while demanding her weekly check. 

Prejudice 

The legal prejudice against men is not new. It has its roots deep in church law and English common law. which became the basis for 
American divorce law. 

In simple terms. American di­ vorce law assumed that the man w a s the provider and the woman, the home keeper in the family. 

In the event of divorce, the law decreed that the man would pay the bills and the woman would take care ut the home and the children. That s still how the law is interpreted in many jurisdictions. 

But some states are reforming their divorce laws — a good sign for men 
Today, it s easier to get a divorce than it ever was. All but three states — Illinois. Pennsylvan­ ia and South Dakota — have some form of “ no-fault” divorce. 

Ender “ no-fault, the divorce may be granted because of the “ irretrie- 

Do you a g r e e a itll a u t h o r C a s s id y 's li e n s on men arni d i v a n e ? Share your view s w ith us b y icritin g to ll om en s 
Cditar. Express- \ en s. Box 2171. San 
A n to n i o „ t exas 7H2()7. \ a Hies n ill be kept confidential. 

Yet. there s nothing in the law to open up these files to men whose wives have fled with the couple’s children in violation of a custody order. 
One frustrated divorced man de­ scribes how the system works: “ It s 

“ I questioned the court s decision, wherein they automaticallv gave custody to her even though she had deserted me.” says Black “ There was al so the matter of the missing 
SIU.(MMI 
. 
The judge wouldn't listen.” 

But. even in these progressive s t a t e s , many judges still feel that children are automatically better off with th eir m others — often without any proof to that effect. 
* I 
• 
Men are tossed into jail for v iolating support orders But rarely 
I is a woman jailed or even threa­ tened with contempt of court for failing to keep her side of the di- 
, 
I voree decree — such as letting lier husband v isit the chidldren. 

• 
Even the governm ent 
| discriminW ates against divorced men. A new federal ruling permits law enforcement officers to track down men who fail to pay support — using Social Security numbers, fin­ gerprint records and income-tax returns, if necessary. 

 find them. The next time he heard from his wife was when he was served papers to appear at a court hearing. 

At the hearing, the judge awarded custody of the child to Black's wife and ordered him to pay alimony and child support. 

Page 
I -I 
San Antonio EXPRESS-NEW S— Sunday February 2o 1977 
Helg a tops gold finale 

Circle March l l 

CALIFORNIA 
SHOW TIMES 

MONDAY, FEB. 21ST: 
Helga’s ultra-chic spring & summer collection modeled informally Downtown, Couturier Salon. 

The prophetic St. Simon spring & summer collection modeled informally North Star Mall. 
Evening Encounters. 

TIIFSnAY FFR M HM ' 
The Helga spring & summer collection modeled 
' 
’ 
’ informally North Star Mall. Couturier Salon. 

WEDNESDAY. FEB. 23RD: The Miss Elliette evening gown collection for 
* spring & summer modeled informally Downtown. 
Evening Encounters. 

THURSDAY, FEB. 24TH: 
The Miss Elliette evening gown collection for spring & summer modeled informally 
North Star Mall. Evening Encounters. 

FRIDAY, FEB. 25TH: 
The Ernst Strauss spring & summer collection modeled informally Downtown. Couturier Salon. 

Holly’s Terries collection for suntimes modeled informally Downtown. Loungewear., 

SATURDAY, FEB. 28TH: 
Our 'Grand Finale’ California collections runway show in the Mall Court, 1:oo, North Star Mall. 
Don’t miss it! 

Scarlett Speedwell’s spring & summer collection modeled informally North Star Mall. 
Predictions Shop. 

The Ernst Strauss spring & summer collection modeled informally North Star Mall. Couturier Salon. 

Holly’s Terries for sunfun modeled informally 
North Star Mall. Loungewear. 

FROST BROS. 

M o r e W i st Coast s u n ­ sh in e floods San Antonio this week as Frost Bros, c o n c lu d e s its “ California 
F a shio n R u s h .” 

(Irand finale of the Ca­ lifornia d e s i g n e r trib u te will be a fashion show at I p.m . Saturday in F r o s t ’s 
North Star Mall. 

The public is invited to a t­ tend and to register for atten­ dance prizes. Saturday is the last registration day. 
\ 

Three prizes w ill Ik * awarded 
M onday, F eb . 28. Each is a 
California vacation for lw*o to 
Los Angeles and back. W inners w ill fly Am erican Airlines and stay at the Hyatt Regency( Los 
Angeles. 

No purchase is necessary and persons may register at ail three Frost’s stores in San An­ tonio as w ell as the store in 
Austin's Nort he mss M all. 
St. Simon 

T h is w e e k ’s s a lu te to th e 
( ’.olden Stale I yogins Monday iii the designer’s salon of F ro st’s 
Downtown with the modeling of the spring-sum m cr collection of Helga — one of C alifornia’s dynamic designers. The show 
.moves to N o rth S ta r M a ll 
Tuesday. Vicki Poure w ill pre­ sent the collection 

St. 
Sim on s h an d p a in ted c h iffo n gowns also w ill be m odeled M o nd ay in the d e ­ signer salon of F ro st’s North 
Star M all. 

“ C alifo rn ia ‘77’ ’ art ex h ib i­ tion will In* on view throughout the week at all stores. Assem­ bled by M itzi Landau G allery of 
Los Angeles, it consists of lot) p ain tin g s , p rin ts and sc u lp ­ tures by C a lifo rn ia ’s eon te m - 
|M»rary artists. 

D esert flow ers and cactus gardens flown in from the West 
( oast by Am erican Airlines a l­ so w ill be on display. 

F a b r ic s 

H elg a’s spnng-sum m er col­ lection reflects lier choice of luxu rio u s fa b ric s , h er easy styling and attention to detail the soft neckline, the gentle tucking and lier joyful use of color. 
The Eum peaii-born designer, now in her 29th year ii i the fashion business (w ith tills- b a n d -p a rtn e r W a lte r Oppen- hoim er). is known for her ti­ meless good taste in fabrics and construction. 

HELGA’S joyous ju m b le of flo w e rs on sh e e r w hite gorgette 

“ I approve of the relaxed sil­ houette for daytim e, one that s u g g e s t s rath e r than em pha­ sizes the fem in in e shapes," s a y s Helga. “ For evening. I think the more fitted, but not roust m et isi, look is often more attractive and dram atic." 

Simon Henozor. owner of St. 
Simon, once tin' owner of a posh 
Hollywood boutique, liases hts m a n u fa c tu rin g concept on 

“ value for money.” 
St. Simon was established in 
1974 and first became known for its matte jersey collection. 

The current spring collection features long and short gowns and separates in pastels with complim entary prints — sweet orchid, lemon periw inkle blue. apricot, ivory and beige. The summ er collection is in cotton voile. 
O th e r fashion s p e c ia lis ts 

 from sunny California also w ill be F ro st’s guests this week. 
Below is a c a le n d a r of the week’s highlights. 

M ISS F L U E T T E - Goble 
W agner, designer’s envoy, will present this collection of dressy clothes in polyester chiffons in the designer salon Downtown 
W ed nesd ay. 
T h e in fo rm a l m o d e lin g w ill be re p e a te d 
Thursday in North Star M all. 

A Canadian. Miss Elliette be­ gan her career in designing afte r W orld W a r ll at P a ra ­ mount Pictures. 

“The secret of my success is that I m ake clothes to make the a v erag e w om an feel lik e a princess,” she says. Soft flow­ ing clothes that are graceful in sensuous fabrics with revealing cuts are part of her specialities. 
Classics 

E R N S T 
S T R A U S S 
A N D 
S C H N E LL SPORTS - These collections of classic and tai­ lored suits, jacketed dresses and pant ensem bles, a ll de­ signed by Paul Sehneli, w ill be presented F rid a y in F ro st's 
Downtown designer salon. The showing moves to North Star 
M all Saturday. Paul Scott, pre­ sident of Ernst Strauss, w ill be 
Frost’s guest. 

For spring, this team of two 
Pauls uses airlight gabardine. 
I Itrasuede, silks, cottons and linens — all in subtle shades with interesting print shirts. 

H O L L Y ’S T E R R IE S - This collection of beach and patio fashions w ill be modeled all day 
Friday and Saturday at North 
Star M a ll. G lory M oret w ill represent Holly. Included are cotton terry styles for beach, poolside and in fo rm al e n te r­ taining. 

SCA RL E T S P E E D W E L L - 
Fashions from this contempor­ ary, young designer w ill he modeled all day Saturday in 
North Star M all 
Monte V en­ tura. the lirtu ’s innovative de­ signer. w ill be Frost’s special guest. 

Highlighted are coordinates of railroad ticking combined with navy cotton denim 
Also 
Ventura’s “ grandfather sh irt” to wear layered or alone, and his denim parka. 
At the finale fashion show 
Saturday, styles from all the designer collections w ill be fea­ tured. as well as swimsuits and l>each cover-ups by Bob M ackie for Cole of California. 
C a lifo r n ia ’s c h ild re n fa ­ shions, in c lu d in g d e s ig n e r 
Flash and Trash, w ill be on the runway. Flash and Trash is known for its g ra p h ic s on sm all-fry coordinated fashions. 

 for Ebony Fair 

It’s heading our way — the 1H7H-77 edition of th e Ebony F a s h io n 

Fair! 
The in te rn a tio n a l fa ­ shion extravaganza w ill 
In* held at 8 p.m ., Friday. 
M arch l l , in Laurie A u­ d ito riu m . T r in ity U n i­ versity. 
And ifs a treat not to be missed, as anyone who lias attended any of the 18 previous F a irs can tes­ tily. This year’s theme is 
“ The Care-Free L ife ." 
Sponsored n atio n a lly bv Ebony M agazine, the show is co-sponsnred lo­ c a lly by s t. 
P h ilip ’ s 
E p is co p a l 
C h u rch to benefit the building fund 
T he tra v e lin g Fashion 
F air is co-s|>onsored by a c h a n ta b le organization in each of the 154 cities in which it is presented. 
Featured w ill be some 
2oo “ haute couture" fa­ shions for men and wo­ men from such leading 
E uropean designers as 
Saint Laurent, Capucci, 
S a r li, C a rd in , U n g aro and D ior, as well as se­ lections from A m erican 
B lac k d esig n e rs .lack 
F u lle r fo r 
N u an ce, 
Jam es D a u g h e rty , S te­ phen Burrows and Scott 
Burnt. 

T o u r 
The show is produced and directed by E unice 
VV 
Johnson, w ife of 
Ebony publisher John I i 
,’ohri rn Each year Mrs. luh m it u s E u ro pe ant* personally selects the 

I en It m a le and two m ale models travel the country in a chartered 
G reyh ou nd Bus along vs11ti c o m m e n ta to r A u ­ drey S m altz (p ro bably the best com m entator in the c o u n try !), a music director, stage manager and business manager. 
Miss Smaltz is a favor­ ite with audiences every­ where as she “ p u rrrrrs ” into the microphone de­ scribing the clothes, 

T ic k e t in fo rm a tio n may be secured through 
St. P h ilip 's E p isco pal 
Church, — M ildred H hi- teaker 

♦ 4 

P A R IS IA N h a n d -k n itte d ‘T* and lace skirt for Ebony Fair 

 bim mail's spectator, he only my to see you through spring into simmer, bere, Ie white with brome, blee or camel calf, 7o.oo. shoe salon, downtown eel north der mal. 

FROST BROS. 

* 

San Antonio EXPRESS-NEW S— Sunday February 2o 1977 
Page 
'3-E 
Designer glasses are spec-tacular 

Don’t pity tho poor girl who wears glasses now that some of the top fashion designers in the world have turned their talents to designing great big beautiful eyeglass fram es. 

E y e s under gla ss and tho make-up that goes with them a r e the hottest 
Divorce 

 local p r o s e c u t o r s get tough with wives who re­ fuse to grant proper visi­ tation in violation of state law. 
Chicago: The American 
Dixo r c e Association for 
Men (A D A M ) and T h e 
American Society for Di­ vorced Men (ASDM) pro­ vide in d iv idu a l counseling for men and keep ready a battery of 
“ m a l e c h a u v i n i s t ” lawyers who are c o m m i t ­ ted to the fight for m e n ’s rights. 
T h e s e m e n ’s - r i g h t s groups have not met with s u c c e s s in ev er y ca se . 
And the hist ory of the d i v o r c e - r e f o r m m o v e ­ ment iii the t oited Slates shows that most men stay ac tiv e only so long as 
I heir ow ii cases are in the works. Then they drop out. 
But the determinatmn- of these groups and the m u s h r o o m i n g of new ones show that there is a movement among men to r e f o r m d i v o r c e l a w s, keep tabs on the courts, and work together to help one another through that nastiest of m a le -fe m a le encounters: divorce. 
“ The re are thousands of guys like m e in this area.,” says Charles Cor­ nell. who started a E l E T branch in Corning. N Y 
“ T h e r e are mi lli ons in the country, ll they all band t o g e t h e r and d e ­ mand their rights, just think what m ig h t h a p ­ pen.” 
MONDA V S 
I X - 
P R E S S : The Em otional 
Crisis 

Date book 

M O N D A Y 
IO a r n 
I N N O V A T I O N S T U D Y 
CL UB . in tho hom e ot M r s 
W 
M u r r a y 
J o lly . 
M r s 
W ill I or 
P ro o fe r will p resent f estivals and H olidays 

8 p ro 
M U E T A C H A P T E R . 
Beta Siq m o Phi. in the hom e ct 
M r s 
B o b 
K id d 
M r s 
P h il 
S tra u th will present 
E sth e tic s 
— Pere cation ot Beauty 

T U E S D A Y 
9 JO a m 
W O M E N S A G L O W 
F E L L O W S H I P , in the ballroom ot P om ad e Inn. Loop OO at Son 
Ped ro Mettle L o c B ro o k s ot Hot 
Sp rin os will speak on her ye a rs ot C h r is t ia n s e r v ic e 
P h y l l is 
•Cline and Pat C ates are taking reservations. 

1o O rn 
A L P H A P H I A L U M 
N A E . in the h o m e ot M r s 
E m e rso n Bar,ack 
Lollipop Sole report will be given 
D a v id R o a rigu e * ot Joske s Oriental R u g 
Deportm ent will speak 

IO: JO a rn. C H A P T E R E U . 
P E O . in the hom e ot M r s J 
I 
F ra n k # with M rs. B F 
D a rk w a li a s cohostess 
Luncheon will tot low 

Noon S I S T E R H O O D OF T E M 
P L E B E T H EL, at Tem ple Beth 
El. with Ruth G u ssm a n ond Jean 
Je ffe rso n ta k in g r e se rv a tio n s 
Susan K ra m e r of The G re e n e ry 
N u rse rie s will present 
H ow To 
M a k e 
Y o u r 
B r o w n 
T h u m b 
Green 

* JO p m 
A L A M O C H A R T E R 
C H A P T E R . 
Am er iran B u sin e ss 
W o m e n s Association, in Arden 
G rove P a rty H ouse 
W illiam L 
W o o d ru ff. U 
S 
Im m ig r a t io n 
S e r v ic e w ill s p e a k 
M r s 
R a y m o n d T o w n s e n d w ill be vocational speaker 

6 JO p m 
D E L T A G A M M A 
A L U M N A E . 
S o n 
A n t o n io e n a c to r. in the h o m e of M r s 
C lyd e C h a p m o n 
A fter su p p e r. officers will be elected 
C o h o s le ss will be C assie G rim . P h y llis 
V ucko ond M m e s 
G e ra ld Rote 
Jr and Steve Ew ing. 

T IO p m 
A L P H A E P S I L O N 
S I G M A C H A P T E R . 
Beta Sigm a 
P m in the hom e of M r s R ic h a rd 
G a llo w a y w h o w ill p r e s e n t 
Perceptions of Beauty 
/: JO p m 
D R I L L 
T E A M , 
Star lite G rove 
W oodm en of the 
World, lh the Crockett Motel tor 
Dusm ess m eeting ond practice 
7 JO p m 
O M I C R O N 
C H A P T E R . 
P h i E ta Sorority, in the St 
Anthony Motet 
A D u tc h . lr ecjt dinner will be held in the 
M a d rid Room of 6 o rn O r Jean 
W ilson will present 
The M etric 
System 
W E D N E S D A Y 
I * o rn 
N O R T H S I D E N E W - 
C O M E R S C L U B , in C a n y o n 
(re e k C o u n try C lu b 
M e m b e rs grid guests will meet tor bridge, c a n a s t a o n d lu n c h 
N e w re sidents lor less than two ve o rs ore invited to m ake re se rva tio n s w ith J e o n L in k e o r 
A iv e r a 
M om iyn 
IO a rn. P I A N O T E A C H E R S 
F O R U M , in the hom e of M r s 
John I 
Gill M m e s F re d M o rts and L 
D 
M a y e s will present 
I ne p ro g ra m . M r s 
M o r ts w ill spear on 
Teaching B e gin n e rs and M r s 
M o v e s wilt speak on 
An G irl O rch e stra ." i t a rn 
W I N D C R E S T 
W O M E N S C L U B . rn the W ind crest Recreation Center G eorge 
O rsatti will speak an 
H air, Skin a n d N a ils 
H o ste sse s w ill be 
M m e s 
Joe S o u le s. S a lv a to r e 
M ira. A rchie A n d e rson 
R ic h a rd 
Brew ster, Hersnet M o ro n , C e sar 
Term glo and B a i O Connor 
1 1 4 ) a rn. 
C H A P T E R t i , 
A M E R I C A N A S S O C I A T I O N OF 
R E T I R E D P E R S O N S , in the 
First P re sb yte rian C h u rch M r s 
L o u ise P o w e ll w ill p re se n t o travelogue of colored slides atter luncheon 
Noon CHI O M E G A M O T H E R S 
C L U B> in A r t i s a n s A lle y 
A 
Dutch treat luncheon is planned w ith M r s 
W illia m H a ig h t a s hostess 
Neon C H A P T E R O. P EO . tor luncheon a n d b u sin e ss m eeting in the Star O a k s H o rn * 
M r s 
Ralph H 
Seder will be hostess 
M is s Jo a n T h o m p so n will p re sent 
Beauty of B uttons." 
I p rn 
H A R L A N D A L E S A N 
A N T O N I O 
C H A P T E R 
J*)«. 
A m erican A ssociation of Retired 
P e rson s, ut the social hon of 
H a r io n d a ie 
P r e s b y t e r i a n 
C hurch 
) }• p m 
W H O L E S A L E 
C R E D I T W O M E N $ G R O U P , in the con ference room of A lo m a 
Pain t g o d W allpaper C o m p o n y 
O t e g g 
V o n 
D e 
L o o of lh # 
Federal E m e O u al Investigation will present k moi boa that Con 
E Her • you in Y our loc 
P i agr cpu 
Chun m oil is M r s 
T J Titus 

 beauty and fashion team-up ii. w a r s 
DEAR J E N N I F E R : 
I wear glasses as I have had no luck with contacts. 
I’m still wearing the wire frames I had iii college, hut I’m ready for a change. 
Those fashion glasses look wonderful on other people and I ’d like to try a pair. 
T h e tinted lenses that m a k e your eyes look made-up even if they’re not 

 appeal to me. Do they harm the eyes? I am a s e c r e t a r y and would we ar my new glasses every day. 
Merlf 
( in cinnati. 
I f s t i m e for a c h a n g e . G r a n n y glasses are fun for teen-agers, but von need a more sophisticated look. With so many styles available from top fa­ shion designers, this is certainly the time to make the switch. 

Here are some guidelines: 
. Take airing a friend, whose opinion you value, when you go shopping for new glasses 
Be patient Trying 75 to IOO pairs of frames is not unusual 
Eliminate as you go, until you arrive at the perfect pair. 
Make sure tin' frame fits the curve of the eyebrow, not above or below 

Make sure the pupil of the eye is iii the center of the lens 
Don’t he afraid to try s o m e t h i n g 
“ far-out.” It might be inst the pair 
By all means have the lenses slightly tinted 
It will not hurt the eyes and it adds a m i s t e d , instant eye make-up look inst by putting them on. ( ’boose a tint that is harmonious with the frames and your skin tone 

A weekly guide to coming events 
Daughters of 1812 plan S.A. meeting 

DAR chapters slate luncheon 

 topic w ill be “ Can an 
Individual Still Influence the Course of National 
Events as George W a ­ shington Did?” 
Students to be award­ ed the D A R Good C iti­ zenship m edals are 
M. 
Sgt. 
Nicholas 
Van 
St cen berg, Sgt. IC Doug­ las Burdett, Sgt. I C Pa­ trick Thom as, S. Sgt. 
Guy Fren ch , Cpl 
M i­ chael Wood and Bt. M i­ chael Lilly. 
Reservations must be made by Wednesday. 

Three chapters of the 
D A R w ill sponsor a 
George 
W ashington birthday luncheon at 
11 JO a rn. Saturday in 
Oak Hills Country Club. 
The chapters are O I’ 
Shavano, San Antonio de 
Bexar and Alamo. 
OC Shavano will be the hostess chapter. M rs. 
Paul Nicks, regent, will preside. 
(illest speaker will be 
Rev. 
R . 
Randolph 
Cooper, of St. George's 
Espiseopal Church. His 

Council March 1-2 in the 
Monger Hotel. 
Mrs. 
Lorenzo 
L, 

Skaggs, state president, will preside at the event. 
Mrs. Earl L. Whitaker of Omaha. Neb., presi­ dent national, w ill be guest of honor and speaker at the opening banquet. 
M ayor L ila C ockrell w ill present Mrs. W h i­ taker with an Alcalde de la Villita. 

Texas Society of United 
States Daughters of IHI? will have its 74th State 

Mrs Skaggs will honor 
M rs. W h itaker with a coffee from lh a m. to noon. Saturday. March I. in Alamo Hall 

Mrs Oscar N. Joyner and Mrs. John E. licrg- man are coffee chairmen. Mrs. Quincy 
W. Bynum is general chairm an of event, a s ­ sisted by Lucy Alice Po­ sey. 

. Also assisting with ar­ rangements are Mm es. 
Edward L. Bell, Robert 
L Hansen and Mark E. 
Upson. 

M rs 
C arm ine Luce w ill be soloist at the 
Memorial 
Sen ice and 
Dr. Jam es Matinock will be speaker at the ‘ Dolly 
Madison Luncheon.” 

Hospitality committee m em bers are: Mines 
Edward VV 
Conley, Ro­ bert ll Parkinson. JAY. 
Crutcher, Ruth B. Hut­ chins. 
C arl 
T. 
Ilutmacher. Lester Flex fiat et and Stafford Light- burtic 

Also: 
M nies. 
C arl 
Gildenmeister, Jam es A. 
Gunn, Ernest VV. Franz. 
Rutland M. Klose and 
Hubert E. Monger. 

REV. K. R ANDOLPH 
(D O PER 

 fashions 

Camel leather sandal 
16 oo 

 in crisp, but sort 

 seersucker 

 plaid. Classic 

 belted design, 

 side pleated 

 in bone with 

 thin stripes 

 of navy and 

 gold by Belle 

Saunders for 

Suzanne Bums bow s in the M enger 

PHOTO BY RO N JO N IS 
DEBUTANTE, Miss 
H otel 

• Downtown • Wonderland • North Star • Military Plaza • Windsor Pork 
Suzanne Burns bows to society 

Abe Schrader. 

53o3 Broadw ay 
Iii an Oriental gar­ den setting in the 
Menger Hotel, Miss 
Suzanne Burns was introduced to society by her parents, Dr. and Mrs. Thomas 
Baldwin Burns, and ter grandparents, 
)r. and Mrs. Allen 
Turner Bitch. 
Bamboo reeds and greenery formed an arch 

 o u t the entrance into the 
Gay ‘Hi s Lobby. Pink 
Chinese lanterns with corise fringe covered all the lights in the area up to the third balcony Large 
Chinese lanterns iii the same colors hung from the ceiling. 

A tall, bejeweled 
Oriental figure and pink and red blossoms inter­ spersed among bamboo formed a bac kground for the rccci\mg line 

ANNUAL W ASHINGTON DAY 
CARPET AND REMNANT SALE 
ONE DAY ONLY-TREMENDOUS SAVINGS 
SIZE 
COLOR 
TOTAL PRICE 
7x11 
BEIGE 
*36.oo 
6x9 
RED s34.oo 
12x7 
CELADON 
’4o.oo 
12x9 
GOLD 
’4o.oo 
12x8 
AQUA 
’5o.oo 
1ox1o 
ORANGE 
’44.oo 
8x11 
GREEN 
’ 5o.oo 
11x1o 
GREEN 
’6o.oo 
11x13 
GREEN 
’8o.oo 
12x16 
BROWN 
*13o.oo 
14x9 
BLUE 
’85.oo 
15x8 
GREEN 
’6o.oo 
15x7 
FERN 
’5o.oo 
15x1o 
BEIGE 
’8o.oo 
12x9 
RUST 
’4o.oo 
12x8 
GOLD 
’45.oo 
1ox11 
GOLD 
’7o.oo 
1ox13 
BEIGE 
*75.oo 
12x1o 
CELADON 
*6o.oo 
1ox15 
CELADON 
*9o.oo 
12x15 
CELADON 
*9o.oo 
12x16 
GOLD 
*11o.oo 
12x21 
WHITE 
*18o.oo 
12x16 
GOLD 
*132.oo 
12x1o 
GOLD 
*98.oo 
12x12 
BEIGE 
' 
*8o.oo 
12x8 
CELADON 
*5o.oo 
12x8 
BLUE 
*15o.oo 
12x19 
BLUE 
*16o.oo 
12x18 
BEIGE 
*15o.oo 
12x15 
PUTTY 
*12o.oo 
12x26 
SAND 
*25o.oo 
12x24 
GREEN 
*198.oo 
15x28 
BLUE 
*376.oo 
15x36 
ORANGE 
*48o.oo 
12x28 
SANO 
*3oo.oo 
12x34 
YELLOW 
*276.oo 
12x45 
MAUVE 
*6oo.oo 
12x57 
WHITE 
*6oo.oo 
12x42 
BROWN 
*45o.oo 
12x24 
BEIGE 
*2oo.oo 
12x26 
SAND 
*25o.oo 
12x47 
RUST 
*5oo.oo 
12x27 
GREEN 
*25o.oo 
12x25 
MOSS 
*241.oo 
12x34 
BROWN 
*32o.oo 
12x27 
LEAF 
*25o.oo 
12x23 
GREEN 
*217.oo 
12x29 
GREEN 
*24o.oo 
12x32 
RUST 
*22o.oo 
12x33 
GOLD 
*264.oo 
12x31 
GREEN 
*25o.oo 
12x39 
BLUE 
*25o.oo 
12x36 
GREEN 
*35o.oo 
12x45 
PERSIMMON 
*36o.oo 
SIZE 
COLOR 
PRICE PER 
SO. YO. 
12x5o 
BLUE 
12x65 
WHEAT 
12x71 
RED 
12x9o 
ALMOND 
12x57 
WHITE 
12x87 
RUST 
12x1o3 
GREEN 

 with a high neckline and a flowing chiffon scarf. 
Lace was appliqued the long sleeves and at the hemline. 
The foyer was decorat- 
•cd with enormous pink lanterns and \ mes. Large cherry trees in full bloom were at ttit* far end of the room. A red lacquered 
Tori gate above the door led into tIn* C olonial 
Room. 
A series of red la c­ quered Tori gates formed a passage wav the length of the room In the center of the room. a buffet table covered in red was adorned with a tall, be­ jeweled Oriental figure. 
This was flanked by pyr­ amid arrangem ents of flaming red flowers and jewel lights. 
Small tables were cen­ tered with the red flowers and jewel lights. 
The Minuet Room con­ tained a ceiling high hi­ biscus tree iii full bloom with tangerine blossoms. 
Je w e l lights in am ber reflected the mirror wall. 
Chinese lanterns in char­ treuse and tangerine were hanging from the ceiling. 
Large clusters of bam­ boo were all around the room and decorated the bandstand. Johnny Dee and the Rocket HK's from 
Austin played through the evening 
Out-of-town guests in­ cluded Miss Bunya Leigh 
Hubby. New York City; 
Mr. and M rs. Harold 
Jam es B le a k ly, Denver; 
Dr. and Mrs. John Buck­ ley. Austin; Mr. and Mrs. 
Robert Vance West. Mid­ land; M rs. M ary Nan 
West, B a te sville ; Miss 
Susie M urphy, D allas; and Miss Kathy Cochran. 
Corpus Christi.___________ 

ALL PLACE SETTINGS 
AND PLACE SETTING PIECES 

ONEIDA'( /M M * '///’ STERLING 

SELECT FROM THESE PATTERNS 

G R O U P I 
D am ask Rose* 
L a stin g Spring' 

G R O U P ll 
Grandeur* 
Dover* 
M artin iqu e 

G R O U P III 
Im presario* 
A m erican C olon ia l 
M ichelangelo* 

G R O U P IV 
B otticelli* 
Stanton Hall* 
G rand M a jesty1 

The softly belled satin skirt with a bejeweled hemline had back fu ll­ ness achieved through pleating. 

The debutante’s mother wore a green chiffon over lace gown 

^ 
.. ■' 
Now is the time to start your service or add to your existing one. 
□ONEIDA 
*Tratter****** ut (mmpwin lid ft* MtafvMiic tm* ttMrrUKMhi mark id «»« 

A m erican C olon ial is a v a ila b le w ith Pistol and Place Style Km vea 

ACT NOW! SALE ENDS MARCH 2o 
TREMENDOUS SAVINGS! 

M f VV A C C O U N T S INVITED 
NEVEU A N Y INTEREST O R C A R R Y IN G C H A R G E S 

M onday Saturday 1 o a m to 5 JO p m 

Soft Contact Lenses are Available at Most 
TSO Offices 

Consult your telephone dilatory lor TSO locations. 

We tate hut* you look at lite 

TATE stnui nut nos San Pedru 
San Antontu. TtfXds 782 12 
225-2 844 
»niCAJ 

223 I HOUSTON ST 
22$ KIS? 

Enter Gates home for hospitality 

Son Antonio EXPRESS-NEW S— Sunday February 2o 1977 

When the George 
Gates family goes somewhere* they don’t organize a car­ pool. They can fill their own car and pool by themselves. 
M ary and 
George 
Gates have been married four and a h a lf y e a r s. 
Their c'nildrep include 
Matt 18; Margaret 17; 
Dru 18; Andy 15; Tylden 
13; and Stacey ll. 
F ro m that 
A u g u st w ed d in g d ate, th eir fa­ mily life has been a lov­ ing blending of two sets of children. Arriving at th eir new h o m e , w ith bathing suits still hidden among luggage, the chil­ dren jumped in the fa­ mily pool, fully dressed. 
They are all still laugh­ ing and loving — sharing the happy tim es and the sad. 
1 
Mary says, “ Maybe it sounds stra n g e but the c h ild r e n w e r e ta u g h t early to care for others 
Plants were their “ prac­ tice people." The house 
'was filled with plants and they w ere taught to r e ­ spect them and to apolo­ gize if they bumped into th em . 
T h e ir fr ie n d s laughed at first, but then joined in the fun — plant politeness." 
Dr. Catch 
Dr. Gates is a professor in the su r g ic a l d e p a r t­ ment at the UT Medical 
School. “ Pm head of the 
O torhinolaryngology d e­ partment. which is short for ear, nose and throat.” 
He teaches and practices surgery. 
He is doing research on throat cancer with a na­ 

 tion al gra n t and is a m em ber of a number of p ro fessio n a a l o r g a n iz a ­ tions. 
He is a baritone soloist for th e 
B e ja r 
O pera 
Workshop and is also a p ia n ist. 
He w a s a m e m b e r of 
Master- a in g e r s . 
T h e fa m ily strongly supports the San 
Antonio Symphony Socie­ ty. 
“ I’m a transplant from 
M ichigan,” he says. “ I went to the University of 
Michigan but they never went to the Rose Bowl then.” 
He grew up and went to school in West Virginia, 
George enjoys jogging. 

ALL IN THE 
FAMILY 

 childhood developm ent. 
She was helping develop pre-school Braille tech­ niques using sandpaper objects. 
In Fort Worth, she also worked two years with 

I'm head o f the Otorhinolary n­ g o lo g y d e p a r t m e n t . iv hi eh is short for ea r. nose a n d throat. 
Dr. George Gates 

 s w im m in g , p la y in g sq u ash , ga rd en in g and woodworking. 
“ Sailing is my thing," he laughs. “ Although I g u e s s you w ould sa y w e ’re lan dlocked now, 
I ve taught the whole fa­ mily to sail.” 
He also has a private pilot's license. 
M ary g rew up in El 
Paso and graduated from 
Baylor U n iversity. She taught in private schools in Dallas and spent her young adult life in Fort 
Worth. 
As a volunteer there, she helped place children in foster homes and did follow up studies She al­ so w ork ed w ith p r e ­ sch o o l blind c h ild r e n . 
•Her interest lies in early 
Wolfman’s 

Houston 
San Antonio 

25o pure silk scarves by Anne Klein regularly $12 to $15 
Special 
$6 

Wolfman’s 
Houston 
San Antonio 

This spring dress in a pretty, soft, brushed poly knit; red or navy with white. 
Sizes 8 to 16. 
Special 
Offering 

215o E Hildebrand between Broadway and 
New Braunfels 

 the S y m p h o n y B oard . 
Mutual love of music was the reason they were in­ troduced to each other by mutual friehds. 
Here, she helped with 
Symphony preview s for schools for two years. 
Her home and family come first The Gates en­ joy opening their homes to the young people from 
F irst 
P r e s b y te r ia n 
C hurch and for S y m ­ phony parties. 
The family pitches in and does all the yard and h ou sew ork. T h ey have learned efficient and fast methods so time spent is at a minimum . 
Mary loves to sew and the older girls are pick­ ing it up. 
“ M u sic, sp o r ts and s e w in g are m y in t e r ­ ests,” she says. 
“ And I love to cook. We never have leftovers with this many at the table. 
“ We have a greenhouse and a h u g e v e g e ta b le garden,” she adds, “ but the m ost im p o rta n t g row in g th in gs around here are the children.” 
The Gates enjoy throw­ ing a party in June for medical school residents. 
C oast tr ip s and B ig 
Bend cam ping are fun for the family. Mary accom ­ panies her husband on m edical m eeting trips as often as possible. 
“ W hen w e retu rn e d from Jam aica one year.” 
Mary laughs, “ the ch il­ dren had put snowballs in the freezer to show us what we had m issed .” 
Matt 
Matt is a freshman at 
E a stern M ichigan U ni­ versity in Ypsilanti tak­ ing a liberal arts course. 
He enjoys backpacking in Colorado during su m ­ mer months. He’s a gra­ duate of P io n e e r High 
School in Ann Arbor. Ile enjoys chess and is a gui­ tar picker. He loves cars. 
Margaret is a junior at 
Alam o H eights. Her in­ terests include art, danc­ ing, ice and roller skat­ in g . m u s ic , w r itin g , camping and cooking 
A mem ber of the Spurs. 

 she is also on the execu­ tive board of the Texas 
S ta te J u n io r C la ss ic a l 
League and has competed in Latin Club contests. 
S he is on the Youth 
C ouncil at church and has attended a number of retreats. 
Last sum m er she went to Bolivia in the Amigos de las Americas program and a ssiste d in a c h il­ d r e n ’s v a c c in a tio n program. Her career in­ terest is pediatrics. 
Dru 
Dru is also an Alamo 
Heights junior and music is her main interest. She plays the french horn in the 
Mules band and strin g b a ss in the lab band. 
Her h o b b ies in c lu d e making model airplanes, shell and penny co llect­ in g, d a n c in g , s c ie n c e club, math contests and ice skating. 
She is a horseback rid­ ing gal and rides English flat seat and enters riding shows. (S h e ’s also just out of a leg brace and still 
“ ouehing!” ) 
She is a c tiv e in h e r 1 church youth group and attends retreats. She has, co m p eted in the Latin 
Club contests. 
Biology or m usic are her future interests. 
Andy is a freshman at 
Alamo Heights High. 
H e ’s on the H e ig h ts 
S w im T ea m and c o m ­ petes in yard and meter division. With 8 a.m . and 
3 p .m . sw im p r a c tic e periods — his days are p a ck ed . T h e p ro g ra m goes all year around. 
He enjoys bask etb all and other sports. He ha* 

THE GEORGE GATES, Stacey, Tylden, Margaret, Andy and Dru. 
C H O O BT RON JONI h 

 also taking dance lessons with other seventh graders. 
His ambition is to be an architect or doctor. 
Stacey is a filth grader at C a m b rid g e E le m e n ­ tary School. 
Her activities include modern dancing, ballet, piano and stitchery. 
A girl of action, she enjoys cam ping, explor- 

 ll e have a greenhouse an d a huge vegetable g arden . but the most important grow ing things around here are the children.' — 
Mary Gates 

 com peted in Latin Club contests and is active in the church youth group and has a tte n d e d r e ­ treats. 
His k o b b ie s in c lu d e collecting stam p s, read­ in g, b u ild in g m o d e ls train collecting and ice and roller skating. “ 
He would like to be a m a r in e b io lo g is t or a doctor of medicine. 
Tylden 

T v ld en is a s e v e n th grader at Alamo Heights junior School. He plays basketball at school and m a d e the a ll- d is tr ic t team. He also plays on 
F ir st 
P r e s b y t e r i a n ’s team. 
He s w im s w ith th e 
Chapparel Sports Interns s team and w ater polo team. He made the all-ci­ ty water polo team. 

He e n jo y s b u ild in g plastic models and build­ ing and flyin g wooden ones. He likes to sail, read , play s tr a te g y g a m e s and draw. H e ’s 

 mg the wilderness, tree clim b in g, jogging, bicy­ cling, running Qnd skat­ ing. 
S h e ’s in th e aeh o ol choir and also enters the school talent shows, 
Stacey is a cat trainer and has lots of practice with Leon, Charlie, Alex and Tigger — the family mousers. 

Her future lies so m e ­ where between teaching v o u n g c h ild r e n and being a veterinarian. 
(Since cats, ducks, rab­ bits. birds and even a parrot have all lived at the Gates’ home, veterin­ arian may win out.) 
G e o r g e s a y s , 
“ Our g r e a te s t p le a s u r e is w a tc h in g the c h ild re n grow and become the best possible person they can 
We feel priv lleged to be a part of their grow mg up 
“ And w e found San 
Antonio to be the perfect spot for our fa m ily to grow up in." 
Mary says, “ We have ideal goals for the chil­ dren VVe want them to be responsible, straight and d ir e c t and to a ccep t 
Christ. And we feel that with real l ove, c a r e . kindness and concern — th e s e th in g s will h a p ­ pen.” 

N E X T WE E K ; Meet the Valdezes 

Sale! The Unisex 
Uniperm* for him and her. 

Super priced at just 

 a r including shampoo, 
Z O 
. v v conditioner, cut and set or blow-dry. Reg. 35.oo 

Terrific body. Curls or waves. Our experts can give you exactly the perm you want. Because Urn P erm is automatically timed for perfection, And a biq savings, t o o , 
Call Monday first thing for your appointment. North Star 344*2311, 
Wonderland 736-4177. Deptlatron at 
Wonderland & North Star. 

Rhodes 

North Inc Ai Wonderland Snog Moo Sri IO to I}. 

W h o a # * C h a r s * . M a n * * 
A m * * > e « 'v i. 
Amnicon 

 eane 
Dixon’s 
Horoscope 

Y O U R B I R T H D A Y T O D A Y : 
F S B ti 
Suer<“>-.tut revision* lo meet acutely changing conditions are followed bv m ore than a year ot refinement, day to day tx i/er intent* to et* the most ©«t 
Of VO or evolvin g m ay Of lift- th e m om idea is fo I re p y o u r, effort* in h a rm o n y yytth natural cause a n d effect Today * natives a ru e what m ost people ra te d or reiect what others thins valuable. 
Those b orn this ye a r wilt be brilliant in finding w a ys to get a r o u n d o b s ta c le s , p e r s u a d in g other* to iou* them 
A R I S S (M a rc h /I A p ril it ) : 
D o what is im portant early. of te rn o o n e n e r g y r u n s d o w n sh arp ly, A v o id sp e cu la tive p ur 
C h o s e s , g a m b lin g 
R o m a n t ic urge s ore strong, likew ise w ish tut thinking 

 t a u r u s (A p ril to M a y TO): 
T o d a y 's first few h o u rs deter m ine the week s outcom e M o r n ­ ing to vo rs fresh starts, new lobs. 
Atter lunch, troubleshoot 
E v e n m g rom ance >s tor the eligible. 
O S M I N I (M a y 21-Juhk M I : 
S o r r o w in g , le n d in g o r e o u t; re n e go tia tin g e x istin g lo o n * is difficult D o n t d isc u ss sp e cifics of e la n * with b u sin e ss contacts. 
O r eof c h an g e * o re Id motion 
C A N C E R (June JI July TTI 
Distrac ted by personal or fam ily interests, you hear of events too tate to get in on then. 
O o h t w o rry 
C u rre n t s itu a tio n s o re m ainly transitional p hases 
L E O (J u ly T I A u g 
22): 
N o a m o u n t of lo st-m in u te r u s h is gom g to m ake up tor what you should have done a g e s a g o M o t within safety ton Ms. good sense 
F in d tim e f o r e m o t io n a l con cerns 
V IR G O ( A u g 
21 kept 
221 
E a rly d e cisions are swift R e sist p re ssu re s to u n m ake them late us day 
Y o u have su tra resources, b u l no r e a s o n to g o b e y o n d budge** despite soles pitches 
L IB R A (k e p t 
2) O c t 
22): 
D o n 't fo rc e is s u e s t r y in g tar p e rfe c tio n 
Se ttle to r the im m ediate p ra ctica l, in h o se s at im p r o v in g d e ta ils la te r 
E m o ­ tional ties e re tested, stre n g th ­ ened 
S C O R P IO (Oct 
21 N e v t i) 
R u ttin g in a good a p p e a l o nce isn 't sufficient 
C am e ta te rm * w ith c r u c ia l f oe t o r s at w a rk . 
Then let wet) enough atone re group tor renew ed effort rn rn few d ays 
S A G IT T A R IU S (N e v l l O ec 
III 
A strong* slocking git tot ion* early hubb ub T‘i*< u break tram noon until intuit ton nudges you t see n m e n t with Old but 
Mtie snown methods on the loo 
C A P R I C O R N (Oec 
22 Joe lr) 
I »a t na co operation 
C »ij-u ..mg your p ro g ra m gniy adds contus on cate* eau hu»» a a*f*orant approach leave in # m ay poem ••a co m m tim * ut yet 
A Q U A R IU S (J a n IO Se a IB I 
* *uuugh a b u sy a gy ta a bohea tale b a la n c e d t y t h in g talk is 
*«*-* tau fluent 
Prom ts#* am f l u t i n g gi s r * K e e p rn m in g in it you re very m,.«h an you' awn. 
Ft SC S U ( f a b it M a rc h IB I 
•ie th tag g e e s a* s t u n n e d 
A t»- n ut h um p * ut euert.uii, he>u» m o s t the best to e s >%tmg canBtttens S h a rin g rekeensMOmfy butts- sir anger >e*u<<er,*h 'u - 

1^7) 

AOT’ - 
. tXlOrHT YIK ITE , 

‘5fJ M Z J C J-IN C = * 

•flfclNVNVt-P 

“Kept 
. 
. _ OrtJew htoA*» INFANT- lt*ClPoi*4 
. connu stoic ana Rito 

Mc.ColVc%Qh ’The japed 

 give 
J.H. crisp 

Linen-look separates in classic styles 

A fresh idea for traveling right into 
Spring, these separates you a great, classic look. 
Collectibles does it with styling and precise de­ tailing. 
In white or daffodil yellow polyester/rayon blend, sizes 
1o-14. 
Blazer...6o.oo; skirt...25.oo; vest...32.oo. 

Ask for DEFERRED PAYMENT on your February purchases 

F R A N K B R O S . 

On Alam o Ria s a —-C entral Pork M oll 

W indsor Pork M oll 

San Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS—-Sunday February 2o 1977 
Tie 
W of san ti n intl in o f san antonio 

“distinctive home furnishings” 
Blue 
Monday 
SALE 
POSITIVELY 
ONE DAY 
ONLY 
SHOP 
MONDAY 

I O d .r n .- 9 p . rn 

These one-of-a-kind “ BLUE M ONDAY” specials are offered at FANTASTIC 
PRICES for only one reason — TO CLEAR OUR FLOOR of older merchandise. AT 
ONCEI This list is offered ONLY on the following conditions. CASH (or check) 
WITH ORDER. REMOVAL from premises WITHIN 48 HOURS (delivery at small extra charge), everything SOLD MAS IS” ; no refunds or exchanges. 
THESE PRICES ARE CORRECT! FIRST COME— FIRST S E R V E R 
✓ CHECK YOUR BARGAINS HERE! 

HANDSOM E 
M ATCHING glass-top mobile server, storage cabinet, single drawer, sable finish. Reg. 
$44o... M ORE THAN t o A C 
3 o % O FF...................... 2 o 5 . 

EXQ UISITE silk rosebuds from 
Bangkok. Choose from four love­ ly colors, red, blue, white 
O C * or pink............................... A d 

CH ARM IN G button-back tub chair upholstered in linen floral. 
Slight water stain Reg. 
$339..SAVE $22o . *1 1 9 . 
“ DREXEL” ceramic lamp. En­ chanting bird design and yellow floral motif. Matching shade. 
Reg. $189... 
1/2 O F F ............... 
?9 4 SO 

REGAL three masted scale ship model. Carefully detailed replica of Spanish Frigate. 16” long, ideal mantle-piece. tm 

$14...1/2 O F F ! 
7 

 ie 

HANDSOM E Early American queen size sofa sleeper in beau­ tiful green plaid with natural ma­ ple accents. t A A A 
Reg. $ 6 3 9 ...!/3 O FF. H A T , 
M A SSIV E door chest by ‘‘Thom­ asville” , Mediterranean styling, superbly detailed mouldings, rich 
Castiron pecan finish. 
Reg. $5oo...4 o % OFF . A T T . 

[TRADITIONAL tuxedo sofa by 
‘Marimont,” delicate multicolor 
I floral tapestry, loose pillow 
|backs, kick pleat skirt. tA # ft 
Req. $6oo...4 o % O FF P O U * 
K IN G -SIZE Tension-Ease bed 
[ding set by “ Englander” . Attrac­ tive green and yellow print 
[cover. Firm, comfortable sleep 
|Reg. $549.95... 
SAVE $25o.95. . 
*299. 

M AGNIFICENT 8-pc. dining suite by “ Thomasville” . Double pedestal extension table, sleek contemporary lines, parquet top, six cane back chairs (4 side, 2 arm) with upholstered seats, 

I two-piece lighted china. Richly 
(detailed pecan finish. 
[Reg. $269o... 
* 

3 o % O FF............ 

TRADITIONAL cocktail table with deep pecan finish and simple brass accents. 
I f f } 
Req. $99... SA VE $ 4 o . 
. 3 7 , 

SET of six chairs from the ” Pass­ aic ” collection by “ Thomasvil- e” . Sculptured backs, padded vinyl seats, oriental design. 
Mandarin red finish. c b A A 
Reg. $72o...3 o % OFF. 4 9 9 . 

DELICATE lacy fem 
$m clusters... •••••••••••• •• 
SPECTACULAR imported silk flowers, gorgeous array of zinnias, large roses, tiger lilies, large daisies, etc.... •»••••< 

 burl top cocktail table with sleek chrome legs. 
Reg. $4oo... M O RE 
$1 T C 

THAN 1/2 OFF 
. . . 
I / D . 

5 o *»*3 . 

G O RG EO US contemporary sofa upholstered in lustrous royal blue velvet, comfortable overstuffed cushions, oversized arm bolsters. 
Deep-down luxurious comfort. 
Reg. $579... 
$ 9 o o 

SA V E $ 1 8 o ............. ? OJIf 

SOPHISTICATED sofa-sleeper sectional by “ Weiman” uphol­ stered in natural Haitian cotton with geometric stitching. Uphol­ stered legs, loose pillow back. 
Reg. $1929... 
$ 1 9 C A 

3 o % O FF 
. . : 1 3 5 u . 

ANTIQUE Chinese silk panels exquisitely embroidered and sim­ ply gorgeous when framed! Over* 
I OO years old and increasing in value as time goes on. import • . ?15o.io *4oo. 
(Usual U.S. price., triple) 

CO N TEM PO RARY 6-pc. bed­ room by Stanley. Simple ele­ gance enhanced by parquet style drawer fronts and warm wood tones. Includes large mirror, triple dresser, two night stands, king or queen size headboard, and door chest. 
Reg. $12o9... 
$ 7 o o 
SAVE $41o .............7 7 V . 
BEAUTIFULLY detailed sofa table with bottom shelf and carved accents. 
$ I A f 
Reg. $21o...1/2 PRICE 1 o 5 . 

1899. 

DRAMATIC white ceramic lamp by “ Drexel” with matching linen shade. Reg. $89... 
* rn rn 

1/2 O F F ......................... 4 5 . 
UNIQ UE imported oval mirrors 
[framed in exquisite natural sea­ shells. 9x1272” . 
* rn rn ac leg. $29 95 
SA V E$15 I 4 
TW IN size headboard by 
[“ Broyhill” . Rustic plank styling, weathered brass accents, c a *• 
Reg. $9o... SA VE $ 6 5 . . . X J « 
“ BA H IA ” cocktail table by 
“ Broyhill” crofted from natural bamboo. Exotic look. 
Reg. $119...SAVE $3o *8 9 . 

“ DREXEL” traditional sofa, tailored styling, upholstered in fine quality Herculon. Reversible loose pillow backs, kick pleat skirt. Reg. $72o... 
I A A A 

SAVE $221........... AVV. 
M ARVELO US two-piece lighted china from the “ Camille” collec­ tion by “ Thomasville” . Elegant 
French design, delicately carved door fronts, antique hardware. 
Antique white finish, accents of lime and peach. Reg. 
$167o... 1/3 OFF $ ] Q 9 9 

ORIENTAL hand-painted teak­ wood secretary. Beautiful bird and branch design on white background. Drop lid desk with five drawers below. Glass doors above. Blue M o n d ay t rn a a 

Direct Im p o rt.............4 V V * 
(Usual U.S. price. $125o) 

DELICATE brandy snifters with daintily etched floral 

(H • * ♦ e e e e e e e e e e e e mm # 

CH A RM IN G country-style 8-pc. dining suite by “ Burlington 
House” . Huge trestle extension table with two leaves, six hi­ jack chairs (4 side, 2 arm) with upholstered seats and backs, tremendous 2-pc. lighted china, glass shelves. Rustic pine finish. 
Reg. $256o... 
$1 C O O 
4 o % O FF............... 
I D O Y . 

ATTRACTIVE tuxedo sofa by 

Marimont.” Loose pillow 

 bocks, arm bolsters, upholstered in cheery embroidered-look floral. Reg. $649... i e A f 

1/2 O FF. . 
............. 3 2 5 . 

HANDSOM E country-look chair upholstered in earth-tone Herm­ on. Wood accents. t i e r 
Reg. $249.,,! /2 OFF • .I 

CH ARM ING ceramic ginger jar lamp. Sunny yellow with pleated shade. Reg. $6o... 
1/2 OFF •••••••! 
*2 9 . 

LAM P shades, assorted styles colors and shapes. Some pleat­ ed, some with decorative trim, slightly imperfect. n j 
Reg, to $3o... •••»••••• 3 • 
HANDSOM E desk/bookcase features spacious storage cabi­ net, drop-lid desk, two wide shelves. Pecan finish. t i P A 
Reg. $2IO ...SAVE $51 .1 5 Y . 

ELEGANT queen size tuxedo sleeper by “ Waldron” uphols­ tered in plush Venezia velvet. 
Reg. $569... 
S A V IN I SO 

FUNCTIONAL chest/bookcase by “ Broyhill” . Three drawers, two shelves. Warm maple finish, antique brass accents, t v | P 
Reg. $23o. 1/2 OFF 
. J I D * 

SEASHELLS by the dozens I Ex­ otic varieties from the South Pa­ cific! Ram’s horn snails ... IO* ... tree snails ... 2o4 ... Strombus conarium ... 254 ... turbo shells 
... 5o4 ... tiger cowries ... 5o4 
... barnacle clusters ... $7 ... 
I 2” Fire coral .... $16. Too many more to describe! 

DELIGHTFUL game table with removable top, for backgam­ mon, chess, checkers. e A # a I 
Reg. $299...SAVE $3o A O V J 
W ID E selection of versatile bedroom pieces from the “ Cali­ ente” group by “ Stanley” . 
Innovative design, delicate floral motifs, bold accents of green and orange on antique white 

S u i : . . . . . . 2 o % O f f 
ATTRACTIVE single drawer end table features black glass insert and decorative molding. 
Reg. $179. .. 
I l l O F F ................. 
*8 9 . 

7-PC. dining room by “ Broy- hill” . Includes massive double pedestal extension table, three leaves, six cane back chairs (4 side, 2 arm), upholstered seats. 
Traditional styling, warm, pecan finish. Reg. $1o8o. 
I / B A 

4 o % O FF 
o 4 V . 

SUPERB wing chair by “ Bruing- ton.” Lovely floral upholstery, gracefully curved legs, *« rn m 
Reg. $299. I / 2 OFF . 1 4 9 . 

G LEA M IN G lamp by “ Lumi- nere” with genuine capiz shell shade and brass base. 
S B A 
Reg. $8o...I /2 OFF . . 
4 U . 

4 PANEL 72” x 7 2 ” Oriental black and gold decorated teakwood screen. 15 figures of soapstone, mother of pearl and bone, inlaid on Chinese red circle background. Fantastic carving, ail by hand. This style screen is usually priced at $ 12oo. to 
$23oo. U .S. Blue 
M onday D irect ti 

Im port 
5 o o .1 
1ox12 embroidered silk panels from Mainland China. Exquisite stitchery. Can be used open or framed. 
S I A 

D irect im port 
I V. 
Usual U.S. price $25 
.. 

CALIFO RN IA contemporar sofa by “ Deville” . Thick cusl ions, button tufted back and arms, upholstered in soft rust vinyl. Reg. $5oo.. 
$ A V E f !8 1 . . . 

I 

*3 1 9 . 

ENCHANTING 7-pc. dining set by “ Century” . Rectangular ex­ tension table, parquet top, 2 leaves. Six matching ladder-back chairs, rush seats. Pine finish. 
Reg. $1979... * 
3 3 % O F F .---- 
*1 3 2 5 . 

CA PTIVA TIN G button-back swivel rocker upholstered in plush velvet. Reg. $299ce a a 
I /3 O F F ................... . I V V . 

SPA RKLIN G crystal salad bowls from Rumania. Beautifully patterned. 
^ 

D irect im por t.................. 
A . 

M A SSIV E white ceramic lamp. 
Superb delicate relief. 
Matching pleated shade. 
Reg. $12o 
$ C O 

1/2 O F F .................... 
D Y . 

*4 3 9 . 

SILK Mandarin sleeves from 
Mainland China. 12” x24” . 
Fantastically detailed embroi­ dery, exquisite craftsmanship! 
Direct im port 
$ o C p ric e ..............•• •• •«. . v J . 
(UmkjI U.S pf*... triple)______ 

I GRACIO US 8-pc. Country 
(French dining group by “ Bern- jhardf’. Includes double pedestal table with two leaves, six ladder- back chairs with upholstered seats, and mobile flip-top server. 

I Fruitwood finish. 

BEAUTIFUL rugs. Tweed or plush. Thick pile, bound or fring­ ed edges. Beige, yellow, off- white, or multicolor. 
9 x12* Reg. $179... 
* 

SAVE $ 6 o ............. 
8 x1o’ Reg. $159... 
*mm 

SA VE $ 6 o ................. . T W . 

UNIQ UE contemporary sofa by 
“ Weiman” . Hi-back and arms, upholstered in sophisticated print and blue velvet. Button back, accent pillows. Reg. 
LO £ A 
$1129...SAVE $26o 
B O V * 

IM PRESSIVE 8-pc. dining suite by “ American of Martinsville” . 
Far Eastern motifs, superbly finished in hand-rubbed sable wood tones. Includes large extension table. Six cane back chairs, (4 side, 2 arm), and lighted china. 
$1 ^ 9 9 

7-PC. bedroom suite by “ Dixie” features Far Eastern motifs, deli­ cate fretwork, antique lemon finish. Includes triple dresser, twin mirrors, king size head­ board, two nightstands, door chest. Reg. $1299... l o A A 

SAVE $4oo . ............ O W 
. 

FUNCTIONAL wall divider o fT " 8 I1W “ 
*u,te b7 Thomas- ers storage cabinets, foldout 
S'"?; 
Fln'shed, ,n °n«que white, desk top, display shelves., so™7 °«ented with green and 
I t i yellow. Suite includes oval ped 
Reg. $26o. SA V E $61 

119. 

IM PRESSIVE tuxedo sofa by 
“ Century,” upholstered in richly textured floral. Plump arm bol­ sters, comfortable loose cush­ ions. Reg. $889... 
* * « a 

SAVE $ 2 7 o .............. o I V . 

ITH! perfect spot to curl up rn! 
Comfortable and cozy tuxedo 
[ love seat by “ Tavern ll” uphols­ tered in soft gold cut velvet. Six plump cushions. t e rn a 
Reg. $ 5 7 9 .„S7 % O FF. 2 4 Y . 

42*’ DIAMETER dining table by 
“ Thomasville” . Sculptured con­ temporary styling, golden wood- tone finish. One leaf. Perfect for breakfast nook. Reg. t e rn rn 
$43o 1/2 O F F 
A I D . 

$2319... f RADITIONAL hi back swivel rocker with rolled arms and tuft­ ed back. Reg. $239... 
1/2 O F F ................. 

GRACEFUL end table. White metal bamboo motif and thick glass top. Excellent for patio, sun deck, etc. Reg.$l 59.. 
SA V E $ 8 4 ....................... / D . 

TRADITIONAL queen-size sleeper by “ Broyhill” . Beautiful flamestitch Herculon upholstery, tailored skirt, arm bolsters. 
Reg. $84o... 
I C B A 

SAVE $291 . _____ 
D 4 Y . 

5-P'C. youth bedroom by “ Broy- hill *. Stain and mar resistant 
[tops, warm maple finish. In­ cludes triple dresser, large mirror, one nightstand, full or queen size headboard. S O G A 
Reg. $459. 1/2 OFF. . Z 2 Y . 

ORIENTAL teakwood wall panels size 12x36. Lovely bird and flower soap-stone inlay on black bakcground. 
$ 7 o 
DIRECT IM P O R T 
/ Y . 

(Usual U S p n c $)35) 

ELEGANT round chrome and glass cocktail .table with dazzling geometric design base. I B B A 
Reg. $519. SAVE $7o T 4 4 Y . 

.*.1 1 9 . 

ENCHANTING green and white ceramic lamp by “ Nathan Log­ in,” delicate floral design, matching pleated shade. 
Reg. $6o..1/2 O F F . . 

6 PANEL, oriental Coromandel screen, 84 high x 1o8 wide. 
Lovely scenic Chinoiserie on black teakwood. 
Blue Monday 
DIRECT IM PO RT . 

(Usual U.S. prt«> $1 7oo) 

4 PANEL 72x72 oriental hand- aainted floor screen. Pine and aird design on gold paper. 
Blue M onday 
S O C A 
Direct im port.............. A D U . 
(Usual U.S. price $6oo) 

.?29. 

VELVETY soft duck with adora­ ble ducklings. Perfect tor Easter. 
Reg. $4,5o... 
1o25 

1/2 O F F .................... i 

STATELY 8-pc. dining suite by 
[“ Century” . Features bam boo­ book motifs, enhanced by subtle touches of fretwork, cane, and 
[grillwork. Includes rectangular extension table, six chairs with fretwork backs, upholstered seats, and large lighted china. 
[Reg $2789 
$1 O D C 

1/2 O F F ............... 
I B Y D . 

I ATTRACTIVE lo-back chair with' sloping arms, upholstered in sumotuous velvet. t i f a 
Reg. $299 ,1/2 O FF.’ I 5o. 

STYUSH tuxedo sofa uphols­ tered in plush oyster corduroy 
(Tailored skirt, loose pillow backs, arm bolsters 
( a a a 

Reg i479. .1/2 OFF * 2 3 9 . 

COMFORTABLE recliner by La 
Z-Boy. Versatile styling, button back. Upholstered in black, brown or dark green vinyl. 
Reg. $29o... 
$ 1 7 o 

SAVE $ 1 1 1 .................. I / Y . 
EXQ UISITELY gorgeous Manda­ rin coats from China. Sumptuous 

“ TH O M ASVILLE” mix and match cabinet and shelf units. ntique brass hardware, beauti­ ful mandarin red or black lacquer finish. 36” wide 3-shelf cabinet or 18” wide 3-shelf door cabi- 

S A V E $4o 

*6 9 9 . 

CHINESE hand-painted egg on teakwood stand. 
}m 

DIRECT IM P O R T ............. 
A . 
TW O hand-painted eg on silk, lovely glass an wood case. 
DIRECT IM PO RT 

 s nested teak- 

DISTINCTIVELY elegant French sofa by “ Tavern ll” in pastel floral cut velvet, comfortable loose cushions, curved, exposed wood legs. Reg. $929. I B B A 
1/2 O F F ......................4 o 4 . 

 pedes­ tal table with fruitwood finish top, six chairs (4 side, 2 arm), lighted china. 
Reg. $2849... 
. a a 

4 o % o f f 
; 1 6 9 9 , 
COLORFUL jute plant hanger. 
Lovely macrame ideal for im home or gard e n ................ A . 
Handsome rattan china, beauti­ ful crafted from natural materi­ als. Three adjustable glass shelves. Reg. $699... i f f a 

SAVE $ 1 4 o .......... 
5 5 7 . 

G O RG EO US queen size sleeper by “ Hickory Tavern” , tufted back and arms, rolled arm bol­ sters, tailored skirt. 
Reg. $999... 
$ A O O I 

SA VE $ 3 7 o ................ o A 7 . I 

• t i l *4 . 

GRACEFUL French style server by “ Bernhardt” . Carved look motifs, delidate brass hardware, lustrous fruitwood finish.* a M f 
Reg. $35o. 1/3 OFF . Z 3 D . 

OUTSTANDING contemporary sofa upholstered in soft suede- look fabric, rolled overstuffed arms and plump loose pillow backs. Reg. $699... 
$A A A 

1/3 OFF ••••••••• ir • 

ATTRACTIVE brass lamp with white shade. Slightly irregular. h n u V 
129. 

NATURAL elm door cabinet 
(with drop-lid desk. Spacious, versatile, beautiful! 
S O A T 
Reg $59o.,.1/2 O FFI 'A Y D . 

LU XU RIO U S velvet toveseat sleeper by “ Waldron” in lovely oyster. Loose pillow backs. 
Reg. $449... 
$ O A O 

SAVE $ 1oo . . . 
J 4 Y * 
ADORABLE Gujerat stuffed 4 silk with unbelievably detailed 
(elephants. Delicate stitchery and embroidery in a spectrum of colorful sequin trim. lA * o rainbow colors. 
$*y r oIREC1 IMPORT „ , . . 
2 

Direct im port price . . I J. SPLENDID door chott by '•Thorn- 
(IM us pn...M UI asvillo". Refined styling brass accents, deep sable burl finish. 
Four spacious drawers, extra large shelf space. Reg. 
( a a a 
$78o... 1/2 O F F _______ 3 9 o 

CO NTEM PO RARY octagonal dining table by “ Thomasville” , sleek pedestal base, lustrous light pecan finish, 
< a a a 
Req. $489 SA VE $ 9 o * 3 9 9 . 
STRIKIN G contemporary chair. 
White leather-look with dark geometric stitchery and solid 
I wood base. TREMENDOUSLY 
REDUCED! Reg. $429...h A A 
SAVE $23o ...............* I 9 9 . 

QUEEN size headboard by 
“ Thomasville” . Sculptured Italian classic styling, antique yellow finish, slightly imperfect. l f a 
Reg $23o 
SA VE $18o DU. ATTRACTIVE hexagonal chair- agor 

STUNNING hand painted 8"x side table with beveled glass 
12” marble table screens. 4 pan insert on top and cane bottom els exquisitely detailed on both shelf. Rich pecan finish. n m sides, beautiful teakwood frames Reg. $119...SAVE $ 2 o . f Y Y . 
From Mainland China. 
— I 
Dire* * Import 
■ ktudUS c 
(U* pm* 
6 8 " DECORA 1oR apartment sofa, by “ Contemporary De­ signs,” bisquit tufted bock Ord seat cushions, upholstered in distinctive print 

S I C 
LARGE Coromandel carved cab- 

I »•! met for TV, stereo, or just decor­ ative. 36 wide, 18” deep, and 
48” high. Beautiful figure scenes on front doors, bird and flower design on side panels and top, 

AOM or,*299, 

-lf” # a & 
««§•> 
W W W fT it T l|| O r T 
(UtydUl 
$>$o!*399. 

FIN AL CLOSEOUT! Charming pecan finish dressing mirror. 
Heppelwhite mirror, brass hard­ ware. Perfect condition. 
( . A 
Reg. $179...SAVE $129 5o. 
A DOR A l i i Gujerat stuffed 4” elephants. Delicate stitchery and colorful sequin trim. 
. 9 

DIRECT IM P O R T 
2 

5-PC. bedroom by “ Dixie” , fin­ ished in antique white with yel­ low and green accents. Includes triple dresser, two nightstands, king-size cane headboard, large mirror. Reg. $739... 
ALMOST 4 o % OFF 
*4 7 5 . 

“ A m ericana’* youth bedroom pieces by “ Broyhill” . Glowing maple finish, mar resistant tops. 
Hutch-chest combination, single dresser, 3-drawer chest, desk/ hutch duo. 
I / f\rr 
A L L .........................V I Ult 

 accents. Keg 
1/2 O F F . 

ATTRACTIVE queen size sofa sloper upholstered in sunny yellow textured fabric, arm bolsters. Reg. $719... * rn rn 
SA V E $ 3 o o .............. 4 1 9 . 

EXQ UISITE sculptured marble lamp by “ Nathan Login,” shade included. Reg. $219... h i m 

1/2 O F F ....................M I U . 
TRADITIONAL queen-size sleeper by “ Waldron” uphols­ tered in crisp fall plaid herculon. 
Button-arm bolsters, loose pillow backs. Reg. $449... c m m m save $1oo ......... *349. 
VERSATILE dinette set by 
“ Kessler” . Round 42” formica top table with bamboo-design pedestal, four chairs with podd­ ed vinyl bocks and seats. Slight­ ly imperfect. 
IO o r 
W n^odfuu tx chair and matching ottoman. 
Sunny sea-she!!prest, 
$ 4 )r f) 
$39o. I/# o19 • m D Y . 

DAINTY clear glass ginger jar lamp filled with exquisite natural sea shells. With shade. im m 

R«fl $49. SA VE $16. . 33. 

SUPERS country French queen- size sofa sleeper with exquisitely carved wood base. Floral jS#Si!?-.V.2?'999. 
8 PC .dining suite by “ Century” features an elegant country style, finished in tawny maple. 
Includes versatile dropleaf oval table, six cane-back chairs (4 side, 2 arm), magnificent lighted chino. Rjg. $3°99... $ | Q Q Q 
VT? 1 9 t x x 1.1 L I I MS 

M A SSIV E square cocktail table with cane shelf, beautifully turned legs and detailed i. Req, $25o... 
| | J I ” 

IM ITATIO N ivory from the 
Orient so real you’ll be amazed! 
Snuff bottles $2., 4” temple lions, p6ir $1o.# 26” King and queen, Chin dynasty, pair $15., 
Also dragons, elephant bridges, tusks, incense burners and figurines at fantastic direct import prices. 
____ 

DRAMATIC 7-pc. contempor­ ary sectional upholstered in sun­ shine yellow fabric, bisquit-tuft- ed cushions, upholstered legs, includes 3-cusnion sofa, corner chair, 2 ottomans, and 3 arm­ less chairs. 
Reg. $232o. 
*■ « # m 

1/2 O F F 
M I 6 o . 

BEAUTIFUL traditional chair with loose pillow back and rolled arms. Reg. $249... h i m 

LESS THAN Vi PRICE *1 1 9 . 
D A ZZLIN G ceramic lamp by 
Drexel” . Beautifully intricate blue floral design, white shade. 
8t8?r. *92“ 

 o f mn antonio 

145o NX Loop 41o at Vandiver (I mile lost of Broadway) 

San Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— Sunday February 2o I 977 

+ Pr° h le ftv to m e r + + + problem corner + + + p rob lem corner + + + problem corner + + + probl 
This mother is ashamed 

DEAK ABBY: 
I d o n ’t know who to turn to. I just found out th a t my 
18-year-old daughter is on the Fill. 
I am nearly crazy with h e a r t b r e a k , d i s a p p o i n t ­ ment and shame. She has a s t e a d y b o y f r i e n d 
I thought was nice. 

Should I confront her and tell her I know? I'm so upset I can hardly eat or sleep. 
My d a u g h t e r w o r k s steady and lives at home. and s h e ’s always been a c l e a n a n d d e c e n t g i r l . 
P l e a s e h e lp m e . 
— 
N E A R L Y 
CHAZY 
IN 
PENNA. 

BEAK 
NEARLY: 
W h a t a r e y o u r a l t e r n a t i v e s ? C o n f r o n t her and dem and that she ston having soy? It won t work. Once a girl be­ c o m e s s e x u a l l y a c ti v e , she s not likely to abstain fr o m se x D e c a u s e h e r mother a s k s her to. 
Besides, s h e ’s of age. 
'i’m! could kick her out of th e h o u s e , but w h at would that accomplish? 
As lo ng a s s h e h a s chosen to be sexually ac­ tive. isn't it b e tt e r that she is taking precautions to prevent a pro gnancv t h a t c o u ld le ad to a p re m a tu r e m a r ria g e , an abortion or an unwanted child? 
DEA R 
A B B Y : 
T h e 

Thank you is a magic word 

SILVER REPLATING 
REDUCED 2o% 
LAST 5 DAYS 

Everyone has a problem. 
W hat’s yours? For a per­ sonal repl>, write to ABBY. 
F xp ress-N ew s, Box 2171. 
San A ntonio. Tex. 78297. 
E n close a stam p ed , self- addressed envelope, please. 

 o t h e r day a f r i e n d of m i n e (I will ca ll h e r 
•Josephine) told m e how 

( • ( M il s h e t h o u g h t m y brother was and that she would give anything to go out with him. 
Well, I told my brother about 
.Josephine and what she said. and he d i d n ' t th i n k th e s a m e a b o u t h er. 
In fact he thought she was a creep. 
I e v e n o f f e r e d h im money to take her out just once, but he wouldn’t do it. I know .Josephine is going to ask me about my brother again. What shall tell her? — BN THE 
SPOT. 

BEA R ON: If .Jose­ phine inquires about y o u r 
“ co o l' b r o t h e r again, tell he r that he freezes at the suggestion of d a t i n g a f r i e n d of yours, and unless she can attract him on her own. it s not tonight .Josephine 
— or any other night. 

BEFORE I AFTER 

Make this YOUR Silver 
Investment for the Future! 

Every Item Replated at Sale Prices 

For Instance 
S ince the value ot Ola stiverpijted items 

 con tinu es to soar this is an encellent 

 tim e to take advantage of these low low 

 p rice * to have your w orn silverw are 

 antiques and family heirloom s re c ite d 

 like new These pieces are now m ore 

 valuable than ever and m ake wonderful 

 gifts A ll work H EAVILY i>ILVEHPt_ATED 

Oy O u r sk ille d silv e rsm ith s and S ale 

 po ces apply to ALL pieces 

Sal* 
5*4. fh £ * 
$46 9b $37 56 
Article 

Teapot 

C ream er 
24 5o 
19 6o 

Candlestick 
(per inch) 
2 6b 
2 12 

Sugar bowl 
?6 9b 
21 56 

Trans per sq in ! 
213 
168 

 r OUR NEW REPAIR POLICY ^ 

• m f I O f NT RI MOV AL and « tn i|h l.n > n f en all item* ta* silvarplate 

•ONLY St; SS SOR ANY ANO ALL ADDITIONAL R f PAIRS no m allei how e ittn iiv a . on any piece we siiveipiate Include* to ld e u n i tucker handle*, lei*, knot)*, etc (Only eicephon* are tor turm*tun| nee. part*) 

SALE ENDS FEBRUARY 28 
BRING IN SILVER TODAY! 
Stop by more often. 

USE WARDS! 
CHARG-ALL 
CREDIT 
/Y/YONTOO/l/YERY 
I Ti Vi) N BJ 

WONDERLAND 
MALL 
Fredericksburg Road at 
Loop 41o 
Open IO a.m . until 9 p.m. daily 

WINDSOR PARK 
MALL 
IH 35 North at W alzem 
Road 
O pen IO a.m . until 9 p.m. daily 
MCCRELESS MALL 
South New Braunfels at Southcross 
Open IO a.m . until 9 p.m. daily 

I was relax in g at home watching tele­ vision when the phone rang. 
It w a s long d i s t a n c e , and the caller introduced h e r s e l f a s a n a t i v e of 
Seattle who had just seen my c o l u m n on “ T h a n k 
You. the Magic W o r d s " in the Seattle “ Tim es “ 
She called to thank me. 
And sh e s h a r e d hor e x ­ peri ence of finding peo­ ple so m u c h m o r e r e ­ sponsiv e when they are a p p r o a c h e d po si t iv cly and thanked i i i advance. 
Instead of tell intr aconic to do things for lier. she asks them if they might do som eth ing when they have the time. 
She has discovered that invariably they are more likely to re spond to her r e q u e s t s o o n e r w h e n p h r a s e d th a t w ay a n d thanked in advance. And s h e f i n d s p e o p l e a r e especially appreciative of being thanked when they are not expecting it. 

M e s s a g e 

N e v e r t h e l e s s , t h a n k you is an important m e s ­ sage to give people who do som ething for von. It is “ feed ba ck" which r a n ­ 

 kles when it is not given. 
Wit ness another response to that sa m e column: 
Bear Br. Menninger, 
Than k you for your won­ de rf ul “ th a n k y o u " co ­ lu m n . T h e a r t i c l e w as beautiful. It brought out so m a n y i n t e r e s t i n g points. 
I am a square, c onser­ vative. stubborn jackass a n d a ls o a 
.Jewish mother I say what I think but I don't like to hurt p e o p le . 
I s a y w h a t 
I p l e a s e b e c a u s e I h a v e nothing to lose. 
I know I r a i s e d m y d a u g h te r to say “ thank you,’’ but last s u m m e r I w ond ered . I sent her a l a r g e c h e c k for s o m e birthday gilts for her. her husband and their son. 
About a month later. I called her. We were ha v­ ing a great chat when she said she got the cheek. 
And that was it! 

She did not say thank you, or t h a n k s for th e c h e c k , o r t h a n k s for 
Blinking of us. She didn't say a tiling. I didn't like that and I told her so. 

Yet it happened again. 
A few months ago. I again sent h e r s o m e t h i n g so that she and her husband might have a night out 

INSIGHTS 

Dr. M enninger in vites your com m ents and questions 
Write to him in care of the San Antonio E xp ress. P.O. Box 
2171, San Antonio T ex., 78297. B ecause of (he volum e of m all, he cannot answer each individuallv bul will handle questions of general interest in his colum n 

Get facts straight 

Dear Ann Landers: A group of friends, all fairly well-informed and intelligent, were discussing the state of the union last ex en­ 

 sile w rote m e ann told me all about their night out. 
But again, no thank you. 
We w e r e r a i s e d i i i childhood to say, “ Than k you." A person does ex ­ pect a th a n k you. and when you don't get it. i t s disappointing. 
Thank von. sincerely. 
M rs. 
V B . . 
B es 
Moines. 
Penal tv 

Bear Br. Menninger. 
With regard to your co­ lumn on the Death P e n ­ alty, why not c o n s i d e r another alternative? Tile federal and state go vern ­ men ts could design pro­ ductive work p r o g r a m s 

 for all p r is o n e r s which would produce income. 

P a r t of th i s i n c o m e could be used to defray the cost of prisons and part should go into n a ­ tional and state funds to aid v ictims of cri m e 

C rim es ag ainst md iv i- d u a l s c a u s e e n d l e s s economic p ro b le m s and the best penalty for any c r i m i n a l is for h im to restore that w bidi lie has taken. 

Of course, a life ext i i i g u i d l e d c a n n o t be r e ­ tu rn e d , but motley eau aid victims to overcome 

 the hards hips of crim es they have suffered 
-*•- 
R I... New Orleans. 

Note — In nearly all fe deral and most s ta te p r iso n s, there are some prison in dustries which m a k e products for use by g o v e r n m e n t u l a g e n c i e s 
— f u r n i t u r e , c l o t h i n g , auto tags, etc. 

By law, products m a d e by prison labor are not to compete w itll products of labor m the private sec­ tor 

\\ bile there has been a good deal of discussion of p r o p o s a l s for eompcnstaion of victims 

 of crimes, only in recent years lias there been s e r ­ io u s c o n s i d e r a t i o n by s o m e l e g i s l a t u r e s of those proposals. 

Dr 
M e n u m g e r's most popular writings a re now available iii his new book. 
“ Happiness Without Sex a n d O t h e r T h i n g s Too 
( iood to Miss 

T h i s 2o1 -p u g e c l o t h ­ bound book is ideal as a gift to a friend or loved o n e o r as a v a l l i a b l e source in your own p e r ­ sonal library 
Send only 
Sa Ma ( postpaid) lo “ H a p ­ p i n e s s " E x p re ss News, 
Box 2171. San Antonio. 
Tex 78297. 

U niversity o f M e x ico at San A n to n io 
Spring Sem ester I 977 
Spanish Language D epartm ent 
Conversation I & ll Courses 
Registration: February 14-21 
Classes begin February 21 
Register at 6 o o H em isfair Plaza 
For Inform ation: 227-o31 I 

 mg. 
Som eo ne expre sse d the notion that w h ile s o m e p e o p le w e r e c o n c e r n e d about the effect of a F u n d a m e n t a li s t 
Baptist in the White House, the Je w s and Catholics were quietly taking over f (in g r e ss 
\ s usual, the individual who m a d e this allegation had no facts or figures to s u p p o r t his th e o ry . Is t h e r e an y truth in it? Will you please give us the real story? — Interested In Sarasota 
Bear In: 
Although the new United 
S ta te s C o n g ress (H ouse and Sen a te ) h as mitre R om an Catholics and Je w s than the prece ding lineup, there is no 
( h an ce of a " t a k e o v e r . ” Here is the present count: 371 P ro te sta n ts in the p re s en t C o n g r e s s — down nine. 129 
Roman Catholics — up six. 27 Je w s — tip th r e e . 
A lth o u g h th e J e w i s h a n d R o m a n 
Catholic to ta ls a r e re co r d h ig h s for 
Ixtth groups. Protestants hold about 79 per cent of the seats in both Houses. which is their sh are of the population. 
R om an Catholics hold about 25 per cent a n d J e w s a b o u t 3 p e r c e n t — which r e p r e s e n t s th eir a p p r o x i m a t e proportion of the general population in this country 
I was not the least bit “ co n cern ed ” when a Catholic was elected President, although some said there would surely be a hotline from the White House to the Vatican I a m equally unconcerned al tout Preside nt C a rte r's Baptist F u n ­ dam en talism . 

 custom draperies 
5o% off labor 

2 weeks only to save on custom tailored floor-length, lined draperies 

Give your home a tasteful new look for spring. Select your fabric now, for tailored floor-length custom made draperies and save 5o% on laborl Your home deserves the very best! 

 in-home decorator service for a free in-home estimate calls 
Central Park 3 4 1 -5 1 5 1 , e x t. 3 63 ; 
Windsor Park 6 5 4 -3 1 3 1 , e x t. 3 6 4 . 

SHOP M ONDAY 
THRU SATURDAY IO TIL 9 Dillards 

Save 16%-49% 

 lf you have a problem let Ann Landers help you solve it. Write Ann Landers, care of the Express-News. P.O. Box 
2171, San Antonio. Tex., 78297. 

Bear Ann: A wife asked what you thought about a cute, young secreta ry who said to h e r boss (j o k in g ly , of co urse). “ If you lose 3o pounds 1 11 have an affair with you.” 
Y o u r reply was. "A t the h eart of every re m a rk m a d e in jest is a kernel of tr u th . ’’ 
How right you were! I ani c au g h t in a s i m i l a r situation — in re v e rse . Xiv overweight boss asked, with a devilish grin, if I would give him a kiss for every Kl pounds he lost. 
He r e a l ly n e e d e d to lo se w e ig h t 
(doctor's order s) so I agreed, thinking may be I d help add a few y e a rs to his life. He bought a scale and kept it under hts desk. 
Within five days, " B ig B a d d y " lost 
IO pounds and I paid off. Soon after, he lost another IO. The second kiss was m o r e pass ionate than the first. The third was even more so. 
Before long we were kissing without any weight loss and ended up locking the office door. To m a k e a long story short. I a m now involved in a full-scale affair. 
I rn not asking for advice because I 
1**11 eve everyone has to solve his or her own problems. But I had to write to say y o u ’re an awfully s m a r t lady. T hat shoe cert ain ly fits M F arid it ’s 
— 
Pinching Like The Bevil 
Bear Pinching: 
Usually when the si*** fits — it's out of sty le. T h a n k s for writing 
Secretaries plan meet 

C hapter Governors and r e p r c s e n t a t i v e s of th e 
Texas Association of 1,o - gal Secretaries will meet 
F ri d a y th ro u g h Sunday for the TAUS C his holm 
Trail Roundup 
Bell County Legal Se­ cretaries Association will be host c h a p te r for the event 
M e m b e r s f r o m 
San 
\iltonio who will attend are: Sherri BeKan, M es­ d a m e s S h a r o n T a t u m . 
Anne Myers. Benny T r i ­ plett. Shirley Spaulding. 
Jo h n V an A u sd all, C h a r ­ lotte Brieh. Patti Nan* maim, Ken G r a v e s an d 
Tom Cook. 
Also, 
M r s . G r a h a m 
Smith, Mrs, J a m e s Dye, 
Je a n n e Roundtree, Mrs 
J o h n B r o w n i n g , M r s . 
L A . C a lv e rt a n d Mrs. 
Clarence L. Ileiner, 
Dorothy Easton, state president, will preside ut the business sessions. 
S c h e d u l e d e v e n t s i n ­ clude a TALS Legal E d u ­ c a t i o n S e m i n a r a n d a workshop on T e a m Con­ c e p t in 
Law 
O f f i c e 
Management. 
Doctors will be speakers 

M e n d e d H e a r t s int 
Alamo C h a p te r 49. will h a v e its a n n u a l f u n d ­ r aisin g b an q u et ut 8:3o p m . M u n d ay in S a n t a 
Rosa Medical C enter 
The event will be on the c en te r’s fifth floor Elite 
Deck. 
Drs 
J. Kent Triukle, 
Coopoldo Xorillu and Ray 
E. W arren will speak on 
"T rip le Coronary Artery 
Bypass G raft.” 

Brighten up your wardrobe with our fabulous array of polyester knits. 

YARDS 
FOR $5 

REGULARLY 2.99-4.99 

Stretch your new wardrobe with our wonderful knit fabrics. Choose* from many colorful prints and solids. Easy care 1oorir polyester. 
Machine wash. GO’’ wide. Hurry today for liest selection! 
* 

Get your sew ing notions at W ards. 

E v e r y t h i n g y o u n e e d for y o u r s e w in g p r o j e c t s ; ta p e s , pins, t h r e a d s , h u t t o n s , scis­ sors, mort*. (.’t i m e see. 

Save 32% 
Extra wide sheeting fabric 

 l 
YARD 
REG. 2.79 

( M a k e ta b ic * lo t lit-*-, d r a p e s , wall h a n g i n g s , 
| plMcemath, n a p k i n s a n d m o r e M a n y flo ral p r in ts. 
M a c h . w a sh . 7 o ” wide. 

E N J O Y W H A T Y O U N EE D N O W — U SE W A R D S C H A R G - A L L 

Save 27-37% 

Sew Kettlecloth' casual fashions. 

Prints, reg. 2.29 
Solids, reg. 1.99 

A v a r i e t y o f f l o r a l s , p a t c h lo o k s, so l id s g i v e i n s p i r a t i o n f o r n e w s t y l e s F o r t r e I* polyea- t e r / c o t t o n ; 4 4 /4 5 * . 

/YAC J N K . O / Y / Y t R Y 
Shop us. \bu’ll like the change. IW AI H l l 

WONDERLAND MALL 
Fredericksburg Rd. et Loop 41o 
Open IO A.M. until 9 P M deity 

MCCRELESS MALL 
So New Braunfels at Soothe rots 
O pen IO A M until 9 P.M. deity 
WINDSOR PARK MALL 
IH 35 North at W alzem Road 
Open IO A.M , until 9 P M daily 

Travis Park Jewelers 
N e x t to the Blue B o n n e t H o te l L o b b y 
428 N. St. M a ry ’s 

San Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— Sunday February 2o 1977 
Les 
W in fashion to star 
Veterans plan meet 

China-Burma-IndiaVet- tunlay in Y FW Post No praus 
Association will 
8r>4l have a business meeting doe Roberts is reserva and dinner at 7 p.m. Sa- lions chairman. 

“ A hometown boy who made good" will be the star of this year’s fund-raising fashion show for the Metropolitan Chapter of the March of Dimes. 
Dallas designer Les W ilk will pre* sent his spring and summer collection at Kl a m. Thursday. March 3. in the new Airport Travelodge. The fashion show is being sponsored by Leon's of 
North Star Mall. 
All proceeds will go to the March of 
Dimes which supports numerous re­ search programs, medical services, and public aud professional health education aud community sen ice pro­ jects. 
. 
I ickct.s 
Tickets are 
(tax deductible) and may be purchased at Leon's, March of 
Dimes office, or Airport Travelodge. 
The public is invited. 
A native of Houston, Les Wilk was raised in San Antonio where he gra­ duated from Jefferson High School and 
Trinity University. He is the son of Mr. and Mrs. Ben Wilk. 
Les is married to former San Anton­ ian Evelyn Gillis and they have three sons Rick, a high school senior, and 
Greg and Brad, both in college. 
When contacted by telephone by the 
Express-News. the award-winning de­ signer expressed great delight in the opportunity to present his complete fashion collection in his home town. 
Asked whether Evelyn would be with him. lie answered “ You bet. And she's going to walk down that runway in one of my dresses'” 

Genuine Gemstone Necklaces 
Genuine Bloodstone choker length, official March Birthstone. 
Reg. 35.oo 
O u r Price 
I / .T i 

Genuine Jade IO M.M. matinee length. 

Reg. 1oo.oo 
Our Price ‘34.9 
Genuine Tiger Eye 22 inch Matinee length. 

Reg. 85.oo 
O u r Price ‘39.9 

Genuine Lapis lazuli 
Reg. 25o.oo 
O u r Price 
* 9 9 . 9 

Genuine Oriental turquoise and cultured pearl combination matinee length. 
Reg. 275.oo 
Our P rice M 2 4 . 9 

Genuine amethyst matinee length. 
Reg. 15o.oo 
Our Price ‘69.9 

Genuine garnet faceted beads, graduated necklace. 
Req. 5o.oo 
O u r Price ‘24.9 
First Tuesday’ to make March debut 

Jo sk e’s new dinner show. 
“ First Tuesday,” will debut 
March I iii the third floor res­ taurant of Joske’s North Star 
Mall. 
Doors will open at H:3II p.m. with a cash w ine bar followed by dinner at 7 p.m. A gala spring fashion show , “ The Romance of 
Spring Fashions,” will begin after the dinner hour. 
Career women from Lackland 
A FB will be special guests at the 

D R A M A T IC go w n is from the Les W ilk col­ lection com ing to M arch of D im es benefit 

Aerospace 

 convene 

Aerospace T oastm is­ tress Club. Council 7, 
Texoma Region. Interna­ tional 
Toastm istress 
( lubs, will meet at noon 
W ednesday in Brooks 
A E B Officers Open Mess. 
M rs. J M 
Day w ill preside. 
Theme will be “ Speech 
Techniques.” M rs ( le­ mon Maddox will present 
’Toxicology.” 

Toastmistress will be 
Mrs Daniel Smyers and speaker w ill be M rs. 
Walter Creswell. 
New officers for the new year include: Cathy 
Sullivan, parliam entar­ ian; Gerry Moy. public relations chairman; Mrs 
Creswell, historian and ways and means; Mrs 
Joseph Torchia. protocol; 
Mrs. Thelma Valigura. auditor; Mrs. Sym ers, membership and Alice 
Ererichs. program. 

‘Capri’, usually 25.oo or 

’Elegant Lady', usually 27.oo. 

Both have the look that 

 beautiful women identify with. 

Dynel * modacrylic in natural 

 and frosted shades. Wig Boutique, 

Downtown and North Star Mall. 

TO GENERAL ELEC.h.v^ 
COOKH4GSCHOOL 

— 
■2 2 7 7 5 3 6 

 dub, 383o Porkdole 

 when you buy a 

 lo this little low-heeled pump, you never just walk . . . you have an experience! In shiny shades of white, bone, navy, red, black. 
$23 with the 
Automatic 
Chef 
Temperature 
Sensor 

It cooks accurately by TEMPERATURE, automatically. See your GE dealer. 

Model Jet9oT 

SIZES ARE OUR SPECIAL TYI 

A AA A 
AAA I AA I 
A. I 
U— I— £ _ 
6-12 
|5'4-12 |6-12| 5 1o| 3-12 j 4 11 

AND WE BELIEVE IN HT! 
Call Your local G.E. Office for Reservations and Information, 227-7536 
San Antonio D ealers m r BAB M i V K I ST O M 
M i ! « • « 
I M W a n A . . . . . 
M I M * I 
3. It. M t r y l 
JOJO I. C » m m *K . 
VO ! I V MHI tar, Or. 
M I O N f f t M a i 
I Mf. C M M t i i , i i i / # N m . Plain 
M I I *. H a c k s . " , 
*Oi I.Vt. Military Or. 
I J W M NH oi, Or 
<4oo Hill., a n 
I JO J Pat i a akar 
P O M tan Pa ir a 
. 
. 
. 
JACH M l l t U M O W t t t l 
393 Waniarta«Ml Cantar 
* O O I CO 
o a a * . m 
. a a a 
1 lair t r a m . 
? o 
M H I ' I i f T U M 
33 IO Anatta Hwy. 
\ lraAar»k.bum AA 
49 • fraV aiH kikvrg 
Alooaa Plata 
3114 i-W . MMttory Or. m e e t 
I i / Plata 4a la# Palma* 
IOO Out Baa* 
1993 Anatto Hwy 
POO Ntortte Stnr Mall 
933 fair Avanna 
I Anatta Mary. 
Central Parti Steep(ling Cantar 
W k A a r Parti 
4BOJ Vt. Cam m aria 
NATURALIZER. Shoes 

JI 11-J Nw | M m M. 
633-514o 

MRS. RAI L G. 
MADERO 
MRS. VERA 
ELDER 

MRS. MEREDITH AL- 
DR IDG E JR. 
MRS. JANN 
ROY 

MRS. NORMA 
HENDERSON 

Really, What Are You Looking For? 
W hatever one sets out to find, he generally finds. 
Those who are destructively critical by nature, readily and with delight find fault in others. If we start out assuming that most people are discourteous and dishonest, are we not constantly coming in contact with 
"meanies and crooks' ? Yet on the other hand, if we accept people to be gracious and righteous, these are about the only kind of souls we ever meet. The positive pessimist is forever fearful that accidents are bound to happen and with them, they generally do. Their weakness of looking for the worst to happen makes the worst show up. 
Really now, isn t it true that what a man believes in will naturally and almost automatically chart his course? The gambler will make a "B” line for the casino; the drinker will head for the bar; the promiscuous one will reach for the red lights . . . all while the faithful one goes to church. 
Twin Sisters Go Shopping 
Several years ago, twin sisters went shop­ ping for gifts during New York's busiest days, the week before Christmas. The first of these sisters left a sick husband at home and had an only son stationed in Vietnam. The second sister was without problem or worry. 
The first sister possessed the power of positive thinking; she made herself enjoy the entire day regardless of incident or in­ convenience. Each store became a new thrill with its gala decorations. Each counter amazed her and she would exclaim with delight: "Oh they have such complete and wonderful selec­ tions, I've got a better selection than any 
Roman Princess ever had.*' Again at lunch, she enjoyed every parcel of food with gusto. She 
“complimented the coffee shop's food as always being so delicious and its menu so complete, even the waitress was handsomely tipped. 
Her sister's responses were quite different 
She complained that all the stores were miserably cramped and crowded and she felt 
‘cabined and crimped. "The selections were picked over, the prices were sheer robbery and the waitress was purposely slow;'' so she com plained. 
The next day, the pleasant sister felt fine and reminisced over her shopping pleasures. 
But her sister, the habitual self-made com plainer, remained exhausted and bedfast with a headache conceived out of self-aggravating criticism. 
Here are 2 sisters who found what each searched for, one for delight and the other for displeasure. 
What are you searching for? 
Sounds Of An Organ 
The voices of these sisters may be comparec to the sounds of an organ, It can produce disheartening outburst of discordant sounds or, when properly played, render most comforting and peaceful melodies. Your critical search can be engendered to foster good will and hap­ piness or to find fault with man and all that he produces. 
The mood of our generation is bv far too critical. Let us search for friendship anc faithfulness. Our finds will diffuse, disseminate and deteriorate the evils others nurture. 
Looking For a Practical Carpet? 
The housekeeper who shops to find max imum pleasure with minimum care will set her sights on a practical carpet. Her needs will be filled by: 
Color . . . Medium tones will show less dust 
When the color is either lighter or darker* than dust, you're surely in for extra work. 
Pattern or Plain . . . For ease of main tenance, for looking lovelier longer, insist on iextured-tweeded-floral or multicolored carpet 
Perfectly plain plush carpets show all foreign substance readily. Lint, stains, footsteps anc traffic lanes often change housekeepers dim pies to wrinkles. 
Next Week 
We will discuss: "Illness in Carpet Fields. 
Until then, believe this; “Don't knock your church, it may have improved since the last time you were there,'' 
. . 
_ 
Inquire About 

• Im portant booklet on 
• I'lio m . ^ rite, or \ Ult 
"Carpel (ar»M 
Tr4 O'krrnl 
• Q ’k r e a t !">peakrr’* Hurt a n a .‘MHI ^ait IV d r o • 227-7:18' 

MRS. JAMES 
TUDHOPE 

MRS VIVIAN 
(ADE 

MRS. ARABELA 
PEREZ 

Celebrating 8o years of FTA 

( APT. Al TRV 
TALLEY 

Meet district 
PTA presidents 

On your 8oth b irth d ay , you should have the respect of your community. The National Con­ gress of Parents and Teachers. as an octogenarian, has earned its spot as a national and com­ munity leader. 

Under tile national guidance of Mrs. 
W alter G. Kim m el, the organization which begun as a mothers* d u b 2o years before women gained the right to vote. PTA has grown to a powerful champion of education and the needs of children. 
National PTA slogan for 1976*77 is 
“ The Y ear of the Locals,” National 
FTA convention will lie held May 15-18 in Anaheim. Calif. 
Mrs. G. Kent Rider of Austin is pre­ sident of the T exas P aren t Teacher 
Association. Statew ide m em b ersh ip numbers BOO,OOO. 
D istrictw ide m e m b ersh ip jum ped 
4.ooo since last y ear and M rs. P at 
Cumberland serves as president of the 
Bl,552 Fifth District mem bers. 
Texas First District, which encom ­ passes “ Big D,” challenged our local 
Fifth District to a m em b ersh ip bet. 
The losers would pull the winning dis­ trict president and m em bership chair­ man in a little red wagon at the state convention. 
When the state m eeting opened in 
Ft. Worth. In November. Pat Cum ber­ land and Ja n H arrison took a little victory ride pulled by the losing First 
District representatives. 
Each February Founder’s Day cele­ brations are beld by local unit and by 
PT A councils in observance of Nation­ al PTA Founder s Day on Feb. 17. . 

North side 

Northside Council with Mrs Vivian 
Cade as president held the first obser­ vance Off Fob. J followed on Feb. 5 by 
Southwest Council whose president is 
Mrs. Meredith Aldridge. 

On Feb. fi. Mrs. Arabcla Perez, pres­ ident of the Edgewood Council, led her district's celebration. 
North 
East 
Council paid homage to their founders on Feb. 9, under the presidency of Mrs. 
M NL Saunders. 

Southside Council Founders Day was held Feb. 12, President is Mrs. Vera 
Elder. On Feb. 13, San Antonio Dis­ trict. under leadership of Mrs. Norma 
Henderson, held their banquet. 

Four councils still have their cele­ b rations to com e. Ju d so n Council, 
( apt. Autry Talley, president, cele­ brates Tuesday. South San Council will hold their celebration on Feb. 26. Their president is Mrs. J ann Roy. 

Hal landale Council and East Central 
Council both chose Fob. 25 as their 
F o u n d e r ’s Day d ate. M rs. Haul G. 
Madera is H ariandale’s president and 
Mrs. Jam es Tudhope is East Central’s president. 
Program s and themes will vary and the num ber of participants is decided bv the size of the district. Districts from five to H5 thousand stu* 

LOIS HAASE 

(led a light touch with his bath brush and cowboy boots 
PTA workers acco m p li^ important goals but never fail to find time for laughter in their programs. 
At any Founder's Day celebration. 
PTA m em bers wear their rows cif past president and service pins with the pride of a Scout displaying his badges. 
Each was earned with the unselfish giving of time and ta-tcnt. 
All councils in Filth District are involved in many projects during the 
School year. 
P a r e n tin g conferences and Stop- 
Smoking sem inars arc being beld 
Concentrated effort to reduce vio­ lence on television is being m ade. 
Promotion of G-Rated movies in local theaters is being actively pushed by most councils. 
Workshops on education legislation are being held. Youth protection and safety projects are promoted and beu- tifucation projects throughout the city encouraged. 
Judson, the youngest school of the district is working hard to get itself on its feet and with a military man as president, things are shaping up. A new PTA was organized at Kitty Hawk 
Junior High and Partenting, G-Rated movies and Cardio-Pulmonary Resus­ citation classes were prime projects. 

Viol* 

 range dents. 
Dream 

San Antonio district packed 13ob into the mall area of Edison High School. 
The them e “ PTA —Dream Along With 
I V was presented in table decorations and a stirrin g student m usical pro­ gram. 

Another large district. North East. went western in the Blossom Student 
Center, A dm inistrators and parents joined in a take-off on television s 
“ Hee-Haw.” Supt, hail Fitzwutcr ad­ 

 a n c e 

Southside has concentrated on TV violence. G-rated movies and more interest in education legislation. P a r­ enting courses are set for March. For th e ir s c h o la rs h ip fund, th ey will sponsor a marionette show March 3. 

South San Council began the year with a farewell to the Bicentennial with a 4th of July picnic in September. 

A new high school opened iii the district increasing their scholarship p ro g ram . F unds w ere raised for a proposed hearing clinic, a cultural arts exhibition and a Texas Life M em ber­ ship. Their them e was “ What PTA 
Needs Now — Is Love. 

Northside Council started their year with a get-acquainted coffee. A survey of their district on TV violence was m ade. They a re prom oting G -rated m o v ies and will s p o n so r P A F L E course on abortion and the right-to-life. 
On April 16. they will sponsor a dis­ trict-wide “ Schoolympics.” 

San Antonio Council supports student and adult tours. Cultural Arts contests. 
PAFLE courses on parenting and other subjects and scholarships. Parent vo­ lunteers have, like in most districts, been used to good advantage. 

This has been one of the biggest years for clothing and shoes for needy students who couldn't have attended school without PTA help. Workshops and education legislation studies were also held. 

This council has also been active in informing m em bers on the San An­ tonio School Bond issue. 

Education is an important part of I 

 cv ci v child’s life And many things i i i u[ child’s life affect his education. 

With 8o years of experience and a huge m e m b e r s h ip of co n c e rn e d m em bers, PTA continues to raise edu­ cation standards and to help each child] reach hts greatest potential 

KIMBERLY H O R N is just one of a number of Boone Elementary students receiving reading assistance from PTA member, Charles 
Zambrano 
•■HOYO BV I Aunt (MSI* Ti 

WASHINGTON’S 
BIRTHDAY 

Happy birthday. PTA. 

TNE FAM O US N A M E 

EASY STREET 

$ | 

REG. TO $ 2 2 

MHS M M. 
SAINDKHS 

CUSTOM 
F NAMING 

ENTIRE STOCK 
OF READY 
MADE FRAMES 

 la rg e selection of various types ready m ode picture frames. 
Many one of o kind. Now is the time to sove. 

HUNDREDS OF 
FRAMES TO 
CHOOSE FROM 

 maker ram 
CUSTOM 
FRAMING 

BUFFALO SANDALS 

2 !2 

R IO . $ 1 2 .o o 

Sixe 5 to IO 

BOY’S 
DINGO 
BOOTS 
$ o 2 2 
MT 
REO. 2o.oo 
IF PERFECT 

PATCH 
HANDBAG 
22 

REG. 1o.oo 

DUNLOT BASKETBALL A W OMENS TKNNIS 
SHOES! 

$ 
5 
2 
3 

BOYS 
• MENS j»HOe 

[ • 421o McCul 
• Hillers*! & 

McCullough ' 

Babcock 
• 1923 M W. Military 
Highway 
• 4161 Naco-Perrin 

San Antonio E X P R E S S-N E W S— 
Sunday February 2o I 9 7 7 
Page * 9-E 

Dillards 

J)hip lahore 

 tunics for today ... fresh 
Ship ’n Shore®... designs for a bright new season 

Winter’s bitter chill is melting into spring’s bright 

 clear warmth . . . it’s time for you to think about emerging from thick, bulky 

 sweaters and cumbersome coats into light, breezy apparel that relates the season’s newness 

 and crispness. Ship ’n Shore*’ tops are those refreshing interpretations of spring! Short 

 sleeve navy and white polka dot tunic, $16. Navy or green roundneck with shirt tail bottom, 

$1o. Roundneck print, in medium blue, $12. These are merely a sampling of Dillard’s Ship ’n ^ 

Shore® spring collection of tops priced from $9 to $24. Available in misses’ sizes 8 to 16. 

Top Shop 

SHOP DILLARD’S MONDAY THRU SATURDAY FROM 1o A.M. ’TIL 9 P.M. 

Four-alarm cooking in S.A. 

W hen a classic French chef and New 
York food and restaurant critic says he wants to (*at a good “bowl of red” in San 
Antonio, Texas chiliheads nearly burst their pods to get the fires^going. 

— By}- 
A n d t h e r e s u l t is a four-alarm cooking event for the Alamo City. 
C ra ig C la i b o rn e , food e d ito r of th e N ew Y ork 
Times, and his associate 
Pierre F ran ev will be in 
San Antonio March I and 
J to give a benefit cook­ ing school sponsored In 
I he 
J u n i o r 
W o m e n ' s 
C o m m i t t e e of th e San 
Antonio Symphony. 

That s the m a in thing 
San A nto nio c ook s a n d 
S y m p h o n y s u p p o r t e r s a re fired up about right now. 
( L a s t y e a r , t h e C o m ­ mittee gave $1o,ooo to the 
Symphony with proceeds from a school conducted by .James Beard and Carl 
J e r o m e . ) 

R e d l i nt 

In connection with the 
( la ib o rn e/Franey school. however, three other red hot things are happening. 

R e s p o n d i n g to re- 
•g u e s t s , I he J u n i o r W o ­ m e n ' s C o m m i t t e e lins pla nned a special night session with 
Claiborne a n d F r a n e v p r e p a r i n g d i s h e s a p p e a l i n g to working men and women who cannot attend a d a y ­ time class. 

D uring thei r stay, the s u p e r cooks will be e n ­ tertained with a series of private pa rties — includ­ ing a M e x i c a n s u p p e r b e c a u s e S o u t h w e s t e r n fo ods a r e a m o n g 
Claiborne's laborites. 

A n d . C l a i b o r n e will ju d g e a Mini Moonlight 

JANE ULBRICH 
EX WESS NEWS FOOD EDITOR 

Chili Cook-Off sponsored by Cappy Lawton of M a ­ m a 's Restau ran t and Ro­ b e rt 
" Y e l l e r 
D o g ” 
M a r s h . The G re a t R e p ­ lier ( p r e s i d e n t ) of t he 
San Antonio Rod, Chili 
A p p r e c i a t ion 
S o c ie t y 
International. 
C l a i b o r n e a c t u a l l y is making a return a p p e a r ­ ance. h a v in g c o n d u c te d the first a n n u a l J u n i o r 
W o m e n ' s 
C o m m i t te e 
Cooking School five ye ars ago. 
This ye a r's classes will be held at 7 p.m. March I and at 9:3o a.m. March 2 in the University of 'Tex­ as Health Science Center 
Auditorium. 
The price of the cook­ ing sc h o o l is $1(1 for a single session and SIJ for both sessions. Mrs. I liad 
W 
Z i e g l e r a n d 
M r s. 
( i e o r g e B. C h e d e r a r e ticket chair men 

R e c i p e s 

Recipes for the o w n in g s e s s i o n will i n c l u d e 
M p u s s e l i n e of C h i c k e n 
L iv e rs. S a u c e C h i n c h e w ith F i s h , S t e a k s an 
R o m e , S p a g h e t t i a l i a 
R u tt anesca con Vongole 
(clam s) and F re n c h Ap­ ple Tart. 
The dayti m e class will feature C re a m e d Oysters and Smoked Salmon with 
N o o d le s . 
M o u s s e of 
S hrim p with Sauce Join- 
\ Hie. 
C a p i l l o t a d e 
(a 
Frenc h Chicken Hash re ­ cipe from the p a p e rs of 
'Thomas J e f f e r s o n ) . T o ­ 

 m a l e s Cir 11 l e e s an R o ­ m a n o ( t o m a t o e s w ith ro se m ary ) and Chocolate 
Mousse. 
Claiborne b e c a m e food e d i t o r of t h e T i m e s in 
1957 a n d h as b u il t a r e ­ putation (som e call him a 
" s n o b ” ) a s " t h e g a s ­ tr o n o m e mos t fe ared by r e s t a u r a n t s a n d m o s t loved by c h e f s in New 
York City." 
As preparation for this care er, Claiborne studied at th e E c o le H o te liero. the professional school of the Swiss Hotel-Keepers 
Association 
K n o w n for h is fine 
F re n c h cooking. F ran ev formerly was chef at New 
Y o r k ’s Le Ravillon r e s ­ taurant. 
( Cookbooks 

Claiborn e’s cookbooks, i n c l u d i n g h is l a t e s t . 
“ C r a i g C l a i b o r n e ’s F a ­ v o r i t e s fr o m T h e New 
York 'Times,” w ill be of­ f e r e d for s a l e at th e cooking school, with pro ­ ceeds going to the S y m ­ phony . 
After each cooking d e ­ m o n s ! ra t iou, r e f r e s h ­ m e n t s will be s o n od. a draw mg w ill be held for special p ri zes an d < b u ­ b o n i c w HI a u t o g r a p h cookbooks. 
Follow lug the Tuesday 

 c l a s s , all t h e c o o k i n g utensils used du rin g the school will be auctioned. 
On Claiborne's arrival 
S a t u r d a y , F o b . ‘JKL Mr. a u d 
M r s. 
W i l l i a m 
McCrae will given an in­ f o r m a l c h a m p a g n e r e ­ ception in their home. 
T h a t n i g h t . M r . a n d 
Mrs. Doyle W a g n e r J r . will be hosts for the Mex­ ic a n s u p p e r . 
M rs. 
W ag ner is president of 
• the 
Junior 
Women s Committee. 
Mrs. Don Str an g e and 

Scene 

EXPRESS WM 
NEWS k . , 

Sunday February 

2o 1977 

M r s . C h a r l e s H e r r i c k , co-ch ai rm en of the cook­ ing s c h o o l , a u d t h e i r h u s b a n d s will e n te r ta i n w ith a b r u n c h at noon 
S u n d a y in th e S t r a n g e home. 
Mr. and Mrs. Joe Frost 

 will give a cocktail party for patrons and friends of the cooking school M on­ day night, followed by a private dinner. 
George Da roes will be host for a l u n c h e o n 
Tuesday in La Louisiane, a n d M r s . H u g h F i t / s i - 
•nions will e n t e r t a i n in 
R a e s a n o ’s W e d n e s d a y noon. 
The chili cook-off will b e g i n at 
5:3o p . m . 
Wednesday in " t h e back- 
>a n i '' of Mam a s. 
The cook-off is open to the public-—for \ iew m g and chili tasting. A fiesta a t m o s p h e r e is p l a n n e d w ith a W e s t e r n b a n d . food b o o t h s a n d c h ili cooks putting on a good show 

P a r t i c i p a t i o n in t h e contest is by invitation only to chili c h a m p i o n s around the state. 

Claiborne and a panel of d i s t i n g u i s h e d c h il i judges will begin judging at X:3o p.m. 
All pro c e e d s from the co ok-o ff w ill go to t h e 
J u n i o r W o m e n ' s C o m ­ mittee for the Symphony 
R e g i s t r a t i o n for c o n ­ t e s ta n ts will bt' $13. An a d m i s s i o n fee of si for adults (children under Hi free) will be ch arg ed at the door. 
Marsh s certified T e x ­ a s c h ili a n d s p e c i a l l y - labeled p a c k e ts of chili mix will be sold a lo n g w itll food. wint' and beer. 

C la ib o rn e is a c o n t r o ­ vers ia l fig u re with San 
Antonio ch il ih ead s, ha\ - mg judged p ro m oto r C V. 
Wood s self-styled World 
C h a m p i o n s h i p 
C h il i 
Cook-Off al R o s e m o n d . 
Calif. 

In a recent New York 
T i m e s 
N e w s 
S e r v i c e sto ry , C l a i b o r n e c a lle d that contest “ th e p rin ci­ pal c h il i e v e n t in th e 
United States " 
M a r s h a n d h is S A P - 
( ASI chili cooks want to give tin' New Y o r k e r a taste of tin' kind of chili th at's cooked in the o r i­ g in a l w o r Id c h a m p i o n ­ ship, The W ick Fow lei* 
M e m o ria l World C h a m ­ pionship Chili Cook-Off at 
Terlingua. 

U W C ' 
CRAIG CLAIBORNE with Chill Wills at a pre-chili contest party in Rosemond, 
Calif. 

C.V. W O O D , left, JoAnn Dru W ood and Craige Claiborne judge 
California’s answer to Texas’s world championship chili cook-off 
Picking em up, putting em down 

Every young motlier knows 
“ pick t i p “ doesnt mean 
“ truck". 
All I do. every (lav ol m> life. is pick u p . " Nutley c o m p l a i n e d o v e r o u r morning eof f i t * , "-lust look at. the bl­ i m p r o o m ! ’’ 
Her green ca rp e t was strew n with p r o d u c t s I r o m 
F i s h e r - P n e e a n d 
Rlayskool. We w atch ed her youngest pull a s t a c k of m a g a z i n e s onto th e floor. 
" N o ! ” Nancy sc r e a m e d at the baby as she darted for an ash tray which was alioth to join the mag az in es and toys 
She gave the baby a ball, re arrange d the books, an d tossed the other t r e a ­ sures into a ne arby basket. 
She had just returne d to her cooling, coffee when Scottie, lier six-year-old. d um ped a boxful of tinker toys in the middle of the room. She cried. 
Attic 

“ T h e re has to bt* m o re to lift* than this." slit* moaned The baby started e m p ty in g the busket , "I give u p ! ” 
Nancy said. “ I'm going to gel rid of this st ufl!" 
"Rut some of it iii your attic,’’ I su g ­ g e s t e d . T h a t ust'd to w ork for me. 
Out-ot-sight-out-of-m ind work s when littering the playthings becomes m ore fun than playing with t h e m . " 
Nancy was sorting the collection of plastic rings, stuffed anim als and pull toys, 

“ You ought to save th at,” I said when 
I saw her toss Scottie'* teddy b e ar into 
Ila* ca rry out suck. “ You can give it to 

J 
U 

 i i 

 your grandchild ren some day 

.e IS sort of cute, isn t h e ? ” she mused. The limp Iwar's head nodded as she tried to. straighten his buttons 
“ You Jknow,” she said. “ I used to have a teddy bea r just like this one. My mothe r still has it” 
“ Y eah.” I bec a m e sentim en tal 
"I still have m y boy’s teddy bear He used to sleep with it every night 
I just couldn't throw it a w ay ." 
"It s silly to save it.” Nancy insisted. 
" J u s t look at this th in g !" Small lumps of batting peeked from the center seam down the b e a r s furry back “ Oh well.” she laughed. “ I ve been p u k i n g tins b e a r up t h r e e li m e s a da y for six y e a rs ," she tossed the anim al into the toy basket. * T || pick it up for a while longer.” 
T h a t ’s when I realized why mothers keep their little boys’ teddy bears long after their janus have given th em up. 
It s h ard Im part with som ething you’ve picked up and put away 6.57(1 times! 

SECOND SKIN. . .clingy Persian 

 paisley swimwear by Roxanne 

Skin-sational! This fantastic new swimwear is designed for a supple, second- skin fitting blend of nylon and spandex to hug your every curve! Left, the maillot 
77 style . . . with a neckline that dips low back and front, and legs that are cut high-on-the-thigh to show off more of your legs, 8-16, 3o.oo. Right, a tiny bikini with a new, square neck bralette, 6-14, 28.oo. Top either with a matching nylon chiffon coat, S-M-L, 44.oo, All in a smashing pink/m aroon/black/grey paisley print. C harge your choice tomorrow in our Swim Shop, Downtown, North Star, 
Windsor Park and Austin . . . and look skin-sational! 

M A UNIT or ALLIED STORES 
SHOP ALL STORES IO ‘TIL 9 MONDAY! 

Wedding cmd engagement forms available in th© 
Women's Department 

9 
7 
7 f J / f l Q J 
J 

Diane Sandera 
I votes solemnized 

Newlyweds to 
J honeymoon in 
J 
South America 

Miss .Mia Kifuri and Frank Herrert 
Jr. exchanged marriage vows Saturday in San Fernando Cathedral. Officiatinj were the Bishop P. P. Flores, the Rev 
Baltizar Janacek, and the Rev. Ber nard Mullancy. 

The bride is the daughter of Mr. an* 
Mrs. Emilio Kifuri Jr. The groom’ parents are Mr. and Mrs. Frank Mer rera of Houston. 
The groom’s brother. Robert Her rera of Houston, served as best man. 

Attendants were Messrs. and Mines 
Humberto Rodriguez of Eagle Pass 
Alfonso Valdez of Laredo. Emilio Ki furl and Robert Brischetto. 
Other attendants were Rachel Mono of Houston, Constance Peche and Mar ia Elia Sartuche. Flower girl was Cris 
I ma 
Lagrange of 
Chicago am ringbearer was Robert Herrera Jr. o 
Houston. 

Assisting as ushers were Robert Ro­ driguez of Eagle Pass and Richard 
Kifuri. 
A reception was held in St. George's 
Maronite Hall following the ceremony. 

The Rev. Charles Grahman officiated at the wedding of Miss Diane Sandera and Carl Bernard Woollier Jr. Saturday in St 
Gregory the Great Catholic 
Church. 

The bride is the daughter of Mr. and 
Mrs. A. L. Sandera. The groom’s par­ ents an; Mr. and Mrs. Carl Bernard 
Woollier 
I 
I iilllP l 
? -■ ii 
Matron of honor was Mrs. LaNell 
Grothues. Bridesmaids were ferry 
Sandera. Frances Sandera, Agues 
Eddlemon. and Tern Woollier. 

Serving as flower girl was Lori Zipp and ringbearer was Scott Hanzelka. 

Best man was Al Froboese. Grooms­ men were Larry Sandera, Robert San­ dera, David Sandera, and Andy 
Grothues, Assisting as ushers were 
Ricky Jupe, David MeCutchen, Rusty 
Breshears, and David Jensen. 

MRS. FRANK HERRERA JR 
MRS. CARL B. WOOMER JR 

SEMI ANNUAL LADIES 
The couple will honeymoon in Miami and South America. 
A reception was held in the Colonies 
House following the ceremony. 

Schmidtke-llaas 
Miss Theres*' Marie 
Haas and Freddie Lynn 
Schm idtkc exchanged marriage vows Saturday in St. Leo's Catholic 
Church. The Rev. Leo 
Ebiseh officiated. 
Parents of the couple arc Mr. and Mrs Julius 
K 
H a a s and Mr. and 
Mrs 
W illiam 
F. 
Schmidtke. 
Maid of honor was 
Anne Elizabeth Haas, twin sister of the brid**. 
Bridesm aids were 
Emit ie, Haas, sister of the bride, Terry Sehmidtke, sister of the groom, 
Diane Haas. Mary Ann 
O’Connor and 
Linda 
Moezygeinba. 
Flower girl was Mi* 
Choile Haas and ring- bearer was Dux Lackey. 
Serving as best man was Wilton F. Lackey. 
Groomsmen were Ken­ neth L n s s v . Mike Bura* tovich, Ruben Cortez, 
Chuck Goodwill and Da­ vid W ilhelm . Ushers were Mark Carrillo. Tom 
Kissling, Boh Saucedo and Jerry Garcia 
A reception was held in 
St. Benedict's Hall fol­ low mg the ceremony. 

Jerald Forster, 
Diane Staudt wed Saturday 

The Rev. Malcolm E. Hoffman offi­ ciated at the wedding of Miss Diane 
Gayle Staudt and Jerald Thomas For­ ster. Saturday in Zion Lutheran 
Church. 
The bride is the daughter of Mr. and 
Mrs. Charles J. Staudt. The groom’s parents arc Mr. and Mrs. Lawrence IL 
Forster of Bulverde. 
Matron of honor was Pain Sizer. 
Maid of honor was Cathy Faller. 
Bridesmaids were Sharon Stacey, sis­ ter of the groom, Debbie McNeill, 
Maria Gonzales and Susie Blackman. 
Junior bridesmaid was Joni Forster, sister of the groom. 
Serving as best men were Gary Dug­ gan and Mickey Pattillo. Groomsmen were Lindsay Erlanson, Tim Gilbreth, 
Erie Giesler and Eddie Staudt, brother of the bride. Junior groomsman was 
Tommy Finch. 
Assisting as ushers were William 
Wurzbaeh Jr. and Chris O'Conner. 
A reception was held in the Bulverde 
Community Center in Bulverde. 

FURTHER REDUCTIONS TAKEN 

THIS WEEK ON ALL SALE SHOES 

ALL SALE MERCHANDISE LESS THAN 

OFF ORIGINAL PRICE! 

MOST STYLES 

CAMP MURRIETA for 
GIRLS 8 to 21* will help your daughter lose weight and inches this summer (typical girl 2o -4 5 B n ) while she learns lifelong weight control skills, makes new friends. en|oys over 3 o activities In sports, poise, make-up G fashion . . . m odi rally supervised ... plus an effective home follow-up program. CAMP MURRIETA is successful for hundreds of girls each summer. Help your daughter b ecom e th e girl sh e wants to be. Write for brochure today, enrollment Is limited. 
FREE BROCHURE! 
Send Your Name. Address & Phone: 

CAMP MURRIETA 
J j f 

 d e p t , m s e 
H 
K 
B 
42 IO Red River. Suite 1o4 
Austin. TX 78751 
^ 
(512)4513115 
M 
I S 

A Sorority sets state meeting 

Kalisck-Tcrrcll 

St 
Luke’s Catholic 
Church in Loire. Tex was the setting Saturday for the wedding of Mibs 
Debra Kay Terrell and 
Gary Joseph Kulisek of 
Pleasanton. The Rev. .Jo­ seph Humala officiated. 
The bride is the daughter of Billy J. Ter­ rell and the late Margar­ et A. Terrell. Parents of the groom are Mr. and 
Mrs. Augustin Kalisek of 
Pleasanton. 
Maid of honor was 
Becky Poole. Brid es­ maids were Brenda Ka­ lisek, Sharon Kalisek. 
Jut ta Cearley and Nancy 
Baczyk Flower girl was 
Ann Marie Surv and ringbearer was Dennis P 
Yoder Jr. 
Serving as best man was Paul Pfeil. Grooms­ men were M arvin K a­ lisek. Jam es Kalisek. 
Kent Johnson and Gor­ don Cest, Ushers were 
Richard Kalisek and Ro­ bert Wheeler. 
A reception w as held in the parish hall following the ceremony. 
The couple will reside in Loire. 

+ NORTH STAR MAU 
★ McCREUSS PLAZA 
* 314 E. HOUSTON ST. 
DOWNTOWN meet iii the new Lyndon 
Baines Johnson Memor- al Student C enter on the 
Southwest Texas State 
Universe campus. 
For reservations con­ tact Chris Brasher, P.O. 
Box 285o, San Marcos, 
Tx. 786B6. 

The list Annual Alpha 
Delta Pi Alumnae State 
Convention w ill be March 
4 • 6 to in San Marcos. 
Host chapter will be the 
San Marcos Alpha Delta 
Pi Alumnae Association. 

The convention w ill 

Save to 2 o <;( chi an exciting selection o f fam ous L ilia n A llen furnishings! 

Sc hoenlelcl-W ilkius 

Kirk-In-The Hills Pres­ to teriun Church in De­ troit was the setting 
Saturday for the wedding of Barbara Anne Wilkins of Troy. Mich, and Perry 
Webb Sehoenfeld. The 
Rev. Dr Jam es Ander­ son officiated. 
The bride is the daughter oi Mr. and Mrs 
Albert E. Badger oi Boca 
Raton. Flu. The groom’s parents are Mr. and Mrs 
Perry (*. Sehoenfeld 
Serving as best nr^n and matron of honor were Mr. and Mrs. Hi chard Berg. 
A reception was held in 
Troy ut the home of th* bride's brother following the ceremony. 
After a wedding trip to 
\eapuleo. the couple will reside in Troy 

SPECIAL PURCHASE 

Choose prints, solids, fancies to mix and match 
Plot a sure * success wardrobe: pant suits, shirt and skirt combos and more! Outstanding selection of patterns and colors for that special Easter outfit. All easy care fabrics of 
1oo% polyester. Machine washable. 
58*— 6o" wide. 

Here's .* selection of 
Mi|H'ib quality I than A I U n living room furniture custom lailorcd jiist fur vuu — in the fa b r ic s ut your < hoicc — and all at ready * made pro es 

Now sou eau save on more than 5o Ethan Al leu traditional, c ontemporury or * usual sofas, 
» hairs, loveseats, sleepers and recliners. Choose from over 7oo beautiful, durable pre-tested fabrics W all 4o,CXM) combinations lo help you express your individual lifestyle. Our Ethan 
Allen Home Planners are ready to give you all the help you need, whether you re planning a room or chi Musing a co* kt.nl table Cloine on over tu our h ou se for the Lilian Allen Winter bale 
. and Save! 

Amen-Leu is 

Miss Kathleen Lewis of 
Houston became the bride of Henry John 
Amen HI, Saturday in Ult* 
Rice U niversity < (lapel in 
Houston. The Rev Gene 
Easterly officiated ut the ceremony. lite bride is the daughter of Mrs June G 
Lewis of Houston and tin* late W ilily ti p. Lew is 
Th** groom’s parents ar** 
Col, and Mrs, Henry J 
Amen Jr. 

Most fabrics at most stores 

SEW ING CENTERS 
Come on over to our house 
Iii Son Antonios 
S IT McCroloss P lain . . . . . . . . . 
2 o 6 Wonderland Shopping City • • 
2 2 6 Control Pork Shopping Conter 
7 1 5 S.W. Military D r iv e .................. 

Maid ol honor was Joan 
Lewis. Serving as best man was Nelson Amen. 
Ushers were 
David 
Eisenhuuer, Steve Scott, 
D J Thompson and Fred 
Westcndarp, 
A reception was field ut tile t ohen House at Rice 
University. 

Browning l*$ p m fjuittJayi 

2819 N W lO O P 4 1o a* Vance Jackson 

Open Mon,-Fn 
IO a rn 9 p m 
Pl tone 341 81o8 
Bat IO a m. 6 pm 

Miss Elizabeth Sue 
Scott became the bride of 
Randy Joe Frazier. Sa­ turday in St. Dominic's 
Catholic Church. The 
Rev 
J i m Barlow offi­ ciated. 
The bride is the daughter of Mr. and Mrs 
John I) Scott. The groom is the son of Mrs. Roy 

Wedding and engagement forms available in the omen1 s Departmen 

Braendle and Ray E. 
Frazier. 

Maid of honor was 
Jackie Coffman. Brides­ maid was Glenda Sibson. 

Serving as best man was Wes Chapman and groomsman was Bobby 
Ervin. Ashers were Mike 
Burr and Matt McDan­ iels. 

A reception was held in the church hall following the ceremony. 

The couple will honey­ moon at the coast 

* 1.5o 
DARK BROWN FINISH - 366 SO. FT. A T per so. FT. 

HOMESTEAD 
P L A N .2 W X 3 W 
WIDTHS 
X tt” THICK X RANDOM LENGTHS MEDIUM 
* | 
BROWN FINISH - 374 SO. FT. AT 
PER SO FT. 
VILLAGE PLANK-LAMINATED OAK PLANKS 
3 ” , 5", 7 ” WIDTHS X V V X R A N D O M . . 
LENGTHS. MEDIUM BROWN FINISH 
1ooo $ 1 . 3 o 
SO. FT. AT 
PER SO. FT. 
ALSO WE OFFER THE FOLLOWING OAK PARQUET AT 
SUBSTANTIAL SAVINGS. 
6 tt" X 6 ttMX S /16" — 6 SLATS - 
A A 
OAKWOOD MEDIUM BROWN COLOR 
9 o 4 
ANTIQUE GRADE. I 5oo SO. FT 
PER SO. FT. 

4 4 V X 4 W X 5 /1 6 ” — UNFINISHED OAK 
7o' 
3oo SO. FT. AT ................ pirso. ft. 
W I HAVE MASTIC WHICH WILL ALLOW YOU TO STICK DOWN 
ANY O f THI ABOVE ON CONCRETE OR WOOD SUB FLOORS. ALL 
YOU NEED IS A SAW AND A TROWEL. IT IS EASY TO DO 
YOURSELF OR OUR EXPERTS W IU DO IT FOR YOU. 
OyBore o p e n 8-6 ■ 
■ d p s,nc* 
THURS. 8 -9 j M 
M t n n n n m 
SAT. 9.5 
9oS 
225-2844 
SAN PEDRO 

Look your loveliest with electrolysis 
Don't sacrifice hall y o u r b e a u ty b e ­ cause of unwanted facial hair! Let our 
Electrologist help resto re your total loveliness with the 
K r e e M e t h o d of hair removal. Safe­ ly , a n d g e n t l y 
Make an ap p o in t­ ment for your anal­ ysi s. Nor t h St ar 
Beauty Salon, call 
341-6666, Ext. 3o4. 
JOSH E S 
M I A UNIT or A U IID STORES 

M H S. D A N IE L S. P F E IL 

The couple will honeymoon in Color­ ado 

SALE! Save 
15.oo on our fabulous 
UnipermKJ! 
22oo 

R e g . 37.oo. Uniperm®' in clu d es cut, sham poo and set or blow dry. It's the new, contem porary look for everyone! Soft curls of easy waves. Any way you look at it, it means easy-care, manage­ able hair. Beauty Salon, 
Second Floor Downtown and North Star. Long hair extra. Does not apply with stylist G eorge M oeller. 
Not available on frosted or bleached hair. Call Ext. 
II 3o4 for your appointment! 
JOSKE’S 

MB A UNIT OF ALLIED STORES 

DOWNTOWN 227-4343; NORTH STAR 341-6666 

George Flores, 
Amy F. Morris exchange vows 

T h e Rex 
Dr. Nathan L. Stone offi­ ciated at the wedding of Miss Amy 
F ranees Morris and George Joseph 
Flores Saturday in Manor Baptist 
Church. 

The bride is the daughter of Dr. and 
Mrs. Charles R. Morris. The groom is the son of Mrs. John J. Flores and the late Mr. Flores. 

Maid of honor was Patricia Rushton 
Bridesmaids were Claire Morris of 
Austin, sister of the bride, and Mary 
Ezzell. 
Serving as best man was Arthur 
Munoz Jr. Groomsmen were Edward 
Herrera and Anthony V aldez. Ushers were Charles R Morns Jr.. brother of the bride, and John A. Flores, brother of the groom. f 

After a reception at the church, the couple left on a wedding trip to Aca­ pulco. 
Daniel Pfeil, 
Penny Harris recite nuptials 

The marriage of Miss Penny Kristie 
Harris and Daniel Stephen Pfeil was solemnized Saturday in Alamo Heights 
United Methodist Church by the Rev. 
Dr. Calvin Frnehner. 
The bride is the daughter of Mr. and 
Mrs. H E. Tomerlin and Hie late Dr 
Homer VV. Harris. The groom's par­ e n ts are Mr. and Mrs Oliver () f’teil 
Matron of honor was Mrs. James F\ 
Overtree of Montgomery. Ala., sister of the bride. Bridesmaids were Mrs: 
Marshall Timmons of Clarksburg. VV. 
Va.. Mrs. Michael Specter of Beau­ mont. and Mercille VYisakowsky. 
Flower girl was Nichole Overtree. 
Richard Pfeil. brother of the groom, served as best man. Groomsmen were 
Ll. Thomas Richey of Fort Worth. Don 
Richey of Plainview, and Mark llenslee of Lubbock. 
Assisting as ushers were Kenneth 
Williamson of Austin. Glen Harris, brother of the bride, and Michael Ma­ caulay. 
A reception was held iii the Gazebo at 
I os Patios. 

About your wedding: 
1 
J c * 
Are you getting mar- 
Wedding forms must submitting the stun­ ned soon? Here are gut- be signed and must con- 
Wedding stories are not delines and deadlines for lain a daytime telephone accepted after the wed- sending information to number for the person ding the Express and News. 
. 
\s right-Appedole 
A picture of the bride 
The marriage of Miss Clarence R Wright ant will be published in Susan Gail Appedole and the late Mr Wright thumbnail size free of Edward George Wright 
Maid of honor wa 
( barge. Engraving fees was solemnized Saturday Carol Lynn Appedole a for larger pictures (en- in Shepherd King Luth- Fort Worth, sister of tin gagem ent or cran Church by the Rev bride. Best man wa wedding—you may have Marvin o. Until. 
Ronald Simoms both) will be determined 
The bride is the 
A reception was held ii by size of picture desired, daughter of Mr. and Mrs. the 
Canyon 
C reel 
There is no charge for Wade J. Appedole. The Country Club followup stories without photos. groom is the son of Mrs the ceremony. 

BRUCEWOOD PARQUET 
FLOORING CLOSE OUT SALE 
WE JUST PURCHASED THE ENTIRE INVENTORY OF BRUCEWOOD 
PARQUET FROM W M. CAMERON & CO. W HO HAVE DISCON­ 
TINUED HANDLING THE BRUCE LINE. WE MADE SUCH AN 
OUTSTANDING BUY THAT WE CAN OFFER THIS FINE PRE-FINISHE- 
D WOOD AT PRICES BELOW WHOLESALE. 
RANCH PLANK OAK-TOAST BROWN COLOR 
2V V AND 3 VV WIDE PLANKS WITH END 
GRAIN WALNUT PEGS IN THE ENDS OF * 1 . 1 o 
RANDOM LENGTH BOARDS 2oo SO. FT. AT 
PER SO. FT. 

9 ” X 9” X W LAMINATED OAK TILE MEDIUM 
8o' 
BROWN FINISH. 459 SO. FT. AT ...........................PER SO FT. 
8o< 
DARK BROWN FINISH - 972 SQ. FT. A T 
PER SO. FT. 
12MX 12” X W 
- 
LAMINATED 
OAK 
TILE . . 
STONE PATTERN - MEDIUM BROWN COLOR. * 1 , 5 o 
3o5 SO. FT. AT........................................................ 
PER SO. FT. 

* 1.5o 
HADDON HALL PATTERN - 6o SQ. FT. A T 
PER SO FT. 

* 1.5o 
HERRINGBONE. I 2o SO. FT. AT........................... per SO. FT. 
4 MX 6MX 3” W ID E X W THICK X RANDOM t l _ A 
LENGTHS. 
PRE-FINISHED 
OAK 
PLANKS, * 1 . 5 o 
MEDIUM BROWN FINISH. 48o SO. FT. A T 
PER SO. FT. 

Blandtord-Minica 

Salem Sayers Baptist 
Church in Sayers, Tex. was the setting Friday for the wedding of Miss 
Shirley D. Minica and 
Benjamin E. Blandford. 
The H*‘x Neal Kibbe of­ ficiated 
The bride is the daughter ut Mrs. Richard 
(i. Amundson and the late Clarence Minica. She was given iii marriage by her brother. Charles 
Minica. Barents of the groom are Mr. and Mrs. 
John A. Blandford Jr. 
Maid of honor was 
Cindy Rowlison. Brides­ maids were Vanessa B 
Aldwin. 
Sandra 
Wil­ banks. Diane Williamson and 
Shanti* 
G uess 
Flower girl was Nikki 
Monahan and nngbearer was J. L. Blandford. 
Serving as best man was Bobby 
O ’Dell 
Groomsmen were Johnny 
Turner. Allen Matke, 
T e rn Braun and Kicky 
Kotara 
Ushers were 
Louis Real and Jim 
Wyatt. 
A reception was held in 
Mesquite Hall following the ceremony. 

Save 6.o1! Reg. 21.oo! 
Air Step's City sandal 

'Hot Stuff' for the sun times! Slip into this comfortable, slingback sandal of man-made leatherlook materials. It's a classic . . . and now it's yours at a special low price! 
Choose white, dough (tan), or navy, in slim, narrow, medium or wide, sizes to IO. 
Women's Shoes, Downtown, North Star, and Windsor Park Charge it! 

Shop in person, phone 227-4211 or order now by mail! 

SHOP ALL STORES MONDAY IO TIL 9! 
JOSHES 

 w A UNIT OF ALLIED STOKES 

San Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— Sunday February 2o 1977 

Miss Jeanette Mika, 
Ken 
Urbanczykwed 
Frazier-Seott wedding; vows said Saturday 

Miss Je a n e tte Mika and Ken Urbanczyk ex­ changed marriage vows 
Saturday in St. B ene­ dict’s Catholic Church before the Rev. John 
Yanta. 
•Parents of the couple are Mr. and Mrs. Aloys 
Mika and Mr. and Mrs. 
Am brose U r ba nczyk. 
Maid of honor was 
Debbie Oft.. Bridesmaids were Mrs. David Mika, 
Mrs. Carlos Salazar. 
Cynthia Mika. Beverly 
Mika, Patti Kolonko, 
Kathy Kotara and Joan 
Mika. 

Serving as flower girl was Debbie M oozy gem ba and ringbearer was Mar­ ty Mika. 
Best man xx as Mark 
Urbanczyk. Groomsmen xvere Mike Hayden. John 
Urbanczyk, Carlos Sala­ zar. Walter Rick. Dennis. 
Moravits, Mike Taylor and Ronnie Mika 
Assisting as ushers were Mike Mika. Daxid 
Mika. Joey Mika, arid 
Jimmy Moczygemba. 
A reception was held in the American Legion Hall at St. Hedwig. 
M R S. K F N I K B A N C ZY K 
M R S . R . J . I R \Z 1 E R 

Chrislal-Bouman 

Miss Elizabeth Ann 
Bowman b ecam e the 
\iu* r r n o n i c t n o r t bride of David Bruce 
MRS. GEORGE J. FLORES 
Christal 
Friday in St. 
Matthew's United Meth­ odist Church. The Rev. 
Mal Hierholzer officiat­ ed. 
The bride is the daughter of Jeanne Reed 
Bowman and Bill Bow* man of Plano. Parents of the groom are Mr. and 
Mrs Harold Christal. 
Maid of honor xvas 
Ky rn be fly 
Bowman 
B rid esm aid s were 
P a m m Metzner. Lucy 
Lampis and Judy Chris­ tal. 
Flower girl xvas 
Carrie Ann Suddeth. 
Serving as best man xvas 
Gary 
Christal. 
Groomsmen were Brian 
Lampis, Sam Lam pis and Wayne Baker 
Following the c e r e ­ mony, a reception was held in the Spanish Trace 
Party House 
The couple xviii honey* moon in Houston. 

McMurtray-Cooper 

Miss 
Becky 
Lynn 
Cooper and 
Bradley 
Craig M c M u r r a y e x ­ changed marriage n o w s . 
Saturday at Frederick's 
Bar-B-Que Patio. The 
Rex CB de E. Bx rd offi­ ciated. 
The bride is the daughter of Mrs. Donald 
E. Spenrath and James 
I). Cooper. The groom is the son of Mrs Maynard 
B Berg and the late Mr. 
McMurray. 
Maid of honor xvas Lera 
K. Cooper, sister of the bride. Pam McMurray, sister of the groom, was bridesmaid. 
Serving as best man was 
Ralph 
Cordero. 
Groomsman xx as Johnny 
Cordero. 
A reception xx as held following the ceremony. 

ONE WEEK ONLY! 
14" 
■Jai 
JL 

 engagem ents + + + engagem ents + + + engagem ents + + + engagem ents engagem ents + + + engagem ents 

W edding and Engagem ent forms avaifabie in the W o m en ’s D epartm ent 

San Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— Sunday February 2o I 977 

Wedding VOWS to be read in 
Baptist church on April 16 

Dr. and Mrs. Sidney L. Miller an­ nounce the e n g a g e m e n t of their daughter, Lucinda Rue, to Vernon 
Martin Suggs Jr., son of Mr. and Mrs. 
Vernon Suggs of Kingsland. 

The bride-elect is a grad u ate of 
Churchill High School. She attended 
Texas Tech University where she m a­ jored in interior design and was on the 
Dean’s List. She also attended the 
University of Texas in San Antonio. 

Her fiance grad u ated from liar- landale High School and attended San 
Antonio College. 

An April IB wedding is planned in Trinity 
Baptist Church. 
LUCINDA RAK M ILLER 

Mary E. Reed, 
George Sirianni to say vows in 
May ceremony 

Olga A. Diaz, 
A.V. Herrera III set April vows 

 in St. Stephen ’s 
Miss Mary Elizabeth Reed, daughter of Mrs. C. P. Reed Jr., is engaged to 
George Thomas Sirianni, son of Mr. and Mrs. Joe F. Sirianni. 

The bride-elect is a graduate of Ala­ mo Heights High School and Trinity 
University. 

Her fiance graduated from Jefferson 
High School. 

A May 28 wedding is planned in St. 
Mary’s Catholic Church. 

MARY ELIZABETH REED 

Miss Olga Alicia Diaz, daughter of 
Mrs. Olga P. Diaz and Joe R. Diaz, is engaged to Abraham V. Herrera III son of Mr. and Mrs. Abraham I). Herrera. 

The bride-elect is a graduate of Pro­ vidence High School where she was a member of the Pro-vet Drill Team. She is majoring in medical technology at 
San Antonio College. 

Her fiance graduated from Central 
Catholic High School and attended St. 
Mary’s University. 

An April JO wedding is planned in St. 
Stephen’s Catholic Church. 

ABRAHAM V HERRERA III 

OLGA A. DIAZ 

Klieller-Aktines 

Mr. and Mrs Jerom e 
Choller Jr. of Floresville announce the e n g a g e ­ ment of their daughter. 
C arole Ann, to J a m e s 
Edward Abt Hies. son of 
Mrs George Aktines and the late Mr Aktines. 
The bride-elect, of 
F loresville, received a 

B A degree in elem en­ tary education from St. 
Mary's University. 
Her fiance is a gra­ duate of B rack en rid ge 
High School 
Ail April IB wedding is planned in Sacred Heart 
Catholic 
Church in 
Floresv die. 

( a p t . and M rs. Max 
Schneider announce the en gagem en t of their daughter. Linda Lee, to 
William A Aiken IL son of Mr. and Mrs Howard 
(i . P re sle v of Cancan 
Lake. 
The bride-elect g r a ­ duated from John J a y 

Schneider-Aiken 

High School and received an associate’s degree iii art from San Antonio 
College. Sin* is a candi­ date for May graduation from the University of 
Texas School of Nursing 

 iii San Antonio where she vvill receive a bachelor of science degree. 

Her fiance, a graduate of Canyon L ak e High 
School, attended South­ west Texas State Univer­ sity and served in the U. 
S. Army. 
A May 28 garden wed­ ding is planned at the home of Mr. aud Mrs. 
Alex ll Blaine. 

Madeline C. Goote to wed Mr. Dunklin 

Lew-Chan 

Dr. and Mrs. Hubert 
George Gootee announce the engagement of their d au gh ter, 
M adeline 
Claire, to Charles Bryan 
Dunklin of Dallas. He is thi1 son of Mr. and Mrs. amis Miles Dunklin of ine Bluff. Ark 
The bride-elect is a rad u ate of 
A lam o 
Heights High School. She a candidate for May graduation from South­ ern Methodist University here she will receive a achelor of business ad­ ministration degree in marketing. She is presi­ dent of Delta Delta Delta. 
Her fiance graduated rom Pine B lu ff High 
School in Arkansas. He eceived a bachelor of rts d e g re e in social science from Southern 
M ethodist 
U n iversity w here he is attending law school and is a member 
Phi Gamm a Delta. 

Mr. and Mrs. David F. 
Lew announce the en ­ g ag em en t of their daughter. Diana, to F re­ derick C . Chan, son of 
Mr. and Mrs. Konrad C. 
Chan of Bong Kong. 
The bride-elect is a g ra d u a te of Robert E. 
Lee High School and the 
University of T e x a s at 

Austin where she r e ­ ceived a b a c h e lo r’ s degree in biology. 
Her fiance graduated from St. E dw ard’s Uni­ versity at Austin with a bachelor’s degree in ac ­ counting. 
A June 12 wedding is planned in Shearer Hills 
Baptist Church. 

MADELINE GOOTEE 
The couple plans a July 
9 wedding in St. Peter 
Prince of The Apostles’ 
Church. 
/ 
Shof ner*Cherry 

Mr and Mrs. John G. 
Shot lier announce the en­ gagem ent of their d augh ter, L isa Lee, to 
Donald Scott Cherry, son 
Mr. and Mrs. Stanley 
E. Cherry. 

The couple graduated from Churchill 
High 
School. 

An April 23 wedding is planned in Coker United 
Methodist Church. 

Perales-Wohlschlegel 

Mr. and M rs. Nick 
Perales Jr. announce the ngagement of their d au g h ter, 
Je a n e tte 
M arie, to 
E rn est 
I. 
Wohlschlegel Jr., son of 
Mr and Mrs. Ernest I. 
Wohlschlegel. 
The bride-elect is a g rad u ate of Robert E. 
Lee High School. She is attending San Antonio 

College m ajoring in m e­ dical technology. 

Her fiance graduated from Robert E Lee High 
School and is attending 
T exas .WM University majoring in engineering. 

The couple plans a May 
21 wedding in B lessed 
Sa c ra m e n t 
Catholic 
Church. 

Smith-Yera 

Mr. and Mrs. J . Ray­ mond Sm ith announce the engagement of their daughter, Maria Denise. to Ll. Glenn V era of 
Mather AFB. Calif He is the son of Mr. aud Mrs. 
Nelson Vera of Orlando, 
Fla. 
The bride-elect is a g ra d u a te of L'rsuline 
Xcademy. She attended 
San Antonio College and 
Incarnate Word College where she was a member it Kappa Lambda Kappa. 
Her fiance graduated from 
O a k rid ge 
High 

Knrzekua-Thom pson 

Mr. and M rs. Leon 
Kor/ekwa announce the en g ag em en t of their daughter. Gail Ann. to T. 
Duncan Thompson, son of Mr. and Mrs. Homer 
Thompson. 
The bride-elect and her fiance are both graduates of 
M cCollum 
High 
School. 
He w as a m em ber of tile varsity b a sk etb all and golf teams. 
The c o u p l e p l a n s a 
Jun e 18 w e d d i n g iii St. 
Law rence 
Catholic 
Church 

NY orkshop on divorce sci 

“ The 
S ta g e s of 
D ivorce,” a workshop designed to teach women about the five stages of experience related to di­ vorce, will be offered 
‘ from 7 to 9 p.m. Friday in the Fellowship Hall of 
University Presbyterian 
Church. 
Guv Im Pere/. Jan Aus­ tin aud Kathy Wong, all members of International 
T ransactional Analysis 
Association, will conduct the workshop 
Registration is SIU per person , 
D eadline is 
W ednesday. The fee, along with your name arid telephone num ber should be sent to Gaylin 
Perez, 117 VV Ridgewood, 
San Antonio, 78212. 

School in O rlando. He received a bachelor of scien ce d eg ree iii g e o ­ graphy from the U.S. Air 
Force Academy in Color­ ado. 
A Ju ly 23 wedding is planned iii the ( adet 
Chapel of the U.S. Air 
Force Academy. 

Her engagement solitaire will probably mean more to her than any other gift you ever give her Some ideas from our collection, set in 14 karat gold: 
A. Round, ‘825. B. Pear-shaped, *85o. 
C. Heart-shaped, *575 
D. Marquise, *16oo. 
E. Emerald-cut, $45o. Many others in a wide range of styles and prices 
Something Beautiful for Everyone M 

Lay A*ay now' Of use our convenient charge plans 
Also American Express BankAmencard Master Charge 
Hertzbergfs 
F'ne Jewelers Since 1878 
163 E. Houston Street • North Star Matt 
Windsor Park Mall 

 rn 
Park Free Downtown 
I 

 your invited 

J o h n R o h r e A n g o r s te in 
A .S.LD., Cd. AHL, IGAID 
Instructor of Interior Design 
St. M ary's University 

INTERIOR DESIGN 
CLASSES 

Tues., Feb. 22 
. . Wed., Feb 23 
Hours 7:oo to 9:oo P.M. 
Two night* of a mint seminar on interior design by one of the Southwest s most eminent interior designers 

Tues. Night 
How to prepare the room learn room design analysis, color coordination, selecting draperies, floor and wall coverings 

Wed Night 

Great pointers on chosing the correct period design if furniture Room arrangements, accessories, and much more 

Another Toodouze exclusive Classes by a bomfide ABID and recognized instructor Admission $5 Call 342 2371 for reservation 

You ll receive a handsome interior design book from Kroebler ($4 OO value) and light refieshments furnished by Magic Chef Best of all receive a 1o% 
DISCOUNT on our entire stock of furniture for the next 3o days Imagine choosing from Kroehler, Thomasville, Lane, Burlington, Broyhrll, Bassett and many more and getting a 1o% discount 

Toudouze North Star Only 
3o2 W Rector, across from the Mall Remember, 
Toudouze is the store of famous labels with some nice surprises on the price 

ToUDo1JZE 
3o2 Rector . . . across from North Star 

Miss 
Strade, 

T. D. Lovelace 

 to be m arried 

 in A p ril vows 

Mr. anti Mrs. Robert L Strader an­ nounce the engagement of their daughter, Starla Kay, to Timothy Der­ ick Lovelace, son of Mr. and Mrs, 
( hades P. Lovelace. 
The bride-elect graduated from Car­ roll High School in Corpus Christi where she was secretary-treasurer of th*' CLE.A. Club. 
Her fiance is a graduate of Southwest 
High School. 
An April 1o wedding is planned in 
Castle Hills Pentecostal Church. 

San Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— Sunday February 2o 1977 

Pye 
Miss Patti Elhi Pye of 
Waco, daughter of Mrs. 
Mauriue H. Pye of Waco. is engaged to Richard 
-John W it of Houston. He is the son of Mr. and Mrs. 
Richard Earl Veit of La­ guna Niguel, Calif 

I tie hnde-eleet. tor- m erly of Schertz, is a graduate of Samuel Cle­ mens High School where she was a member of the 
National Honor Society, drill team, and choir. She graduated magna cum laude from Baylor I ni* versify with a 
B S . 

Veit degree in elementary 
('ducation. She was a member of Kappa Alpha 
Theta and Kappa Delta 
Pi 
Her fiance graduated from Temple City High 
School in California and attended the Cnivcrsitv of Southern California where he was on the 
Dean's List. lh' received a B A. degree in oral communications from 
Baylor University. 
Robinson First Baptist 
Church in Waco will be the setting for the .July .’JU wedding. 

STARLA K. STKADER 

TIMOTHY D. LOVELACE 

W edding and Engagem ent forms a re available in the W om en’s Deportment 

BARE TRAPS 
Rust or black loather on wood 
34 OO 

• Downtown • Wonderland • Million Horn • North Star • Wmdwr Pork 

$&:•: . 
• •. 
W rnm 
11 i y 
I W W " f 
' 
'-'rn rn 'W $ >- 
-v. it,■ 

" 
< .w-5'W Wm 
* * yy'.x.. 

MRS. WILLIAM HENRY 
SCHUENEMANN 

Grace Lutheran is wedding scene 

The marriage of Miss 
Debi Lynn Davis and 
William Henry Schuene- mann was solemnized 
Saturday in (Irace Luth­ eran Church by the Rev. 
Robert J. Adix. 
Tile bride is the daughter of Mr. and Mrs. 
J. Martin Davis. The groom’s parents are Mr. and Mrs, B. ll. Sehuene- mann of Lockhart. 
Matron of honor was 
Mrs Theodore G. Koh- leffel .Jr., sister of the bride. Bridesmaids were 

Mrs Larry Grot hues and 
Leslie Dietel. Flower girl was Kim berly Keien- burg, 
Serving as best man was .John Hall of Houston 
Grnoni'-men were M i­ chael Hardin of Austin and IC Michael Cassel). 
Assisting as usher was 
Therreli 
M. 
Davis, brother of the bride. 
Following the cere­ mony, a reception was held at The Bright Shaw l. 
The couple will honey* moon at Puerto Vallarta. 

 f. 
MRS. II. L. 
DE HART 

N ew lyw eds to honeymoon in 
Neiv Mexico 

Miss .Jo Ann Martha Persyu and 
Harold Liny cl De Hart were married 
Saturday in St 
.John Berelim an's 
Catholic I hureh by tin' Rev Michael E. 
Cat Inert. 
The bride is the daughter of Mr. and 
Mrs Robert Leo Persyu. The groom is the son of Mr. and Mrs. 
Oscar A 
Verstu\ ft and the late Harold Lloyd De 
Hart Sr. 
Maid of honor was Marlene Persyn, sister of the bride. Bridesmaids were Mrs. Ronald Kiskadahl of 
Tuttle. N D . Mrs Wayne Hoffman, Rusann Stevens, 
Trivia Wilson and .Jo Ann Curser. 
Flower girl was Dawn M ichelle Persyn of 
Fredericksburg and rmgbearer was Michael De 
Hart 
Richard De Hart, brother of the groom, served as hest man. Groomsmen were Je rry Wemken of 
Hermleigh. Tex . Ray Polasek, Philip Persyn, brother of the bride. Andrew Meurer and Wayne 
Hoffman 
Assisting us ushers were Boh Persyn of Freder­ icksburg and Andy Persyn, brothers of the bride, and 
Jimmy Knell. 
Following the ceremony, a reception and dance were held in the church hall 
The couple will honeymoon iii Taos. \ M. 

Acosta-Hein/. 
Mr and Mrs Miguel 
Acosta announce the en­ gagement of their 

 daughter. 
Yolanda 
Frances, to John Michael 
Hem/, sun of Mr. and 
Mrs 
Frank 
Hem/ 

The couple graduated from Thomas J**fferson 
High School and attended 
San Antonio College. 

An April 1H wedding is joseph planned iii St. Pa u Bs 
Catholic Church. 

(.A R Z A G A R Z A 

Mr and Mrs F Willie 
Garza announce the en­ gagement o| their daughter. Jeannie Marie. to Mario ( 
( Jar/a son of 
Mr aud Mrs Jorge T 
Garza 

The couple graduated troll! St. Gerard’s High 
Ss bool 

An April 1H wedding is planned iii San Jose Mis­ sion Catholic Church 

T ----- pm 

S a i n t M a r y ’s H a l l 

94o1 Stark e st Drive 
Son Antonio, Texas 7821 7 

ANNOUNCES ADMISSION TESTS 

Students interested in applying to Saint 
Mary’s Hall for admission in the fall of 
1977, are invited to take admission tests on the school’s campus, Saturday, 
March 5, beginning at 9 a.m. and end­ ing at 
12:oo noon. 
Testing, which measures student aptitude and academic progress, is open to boys and girls— grades 2 through 7, and to girls only— grades 
8 through 
12. 
Some financial aid is available. 
Advance registration would be appreciated. 

Elementary School 

High School 

655-3ooo 

655-7721 

Saint M ary's Hall does not discriminate on the basis of race, color or creed. 

FASHION FABRICS 
BY 
THE YARD 

PRICES GOOD THUE THURS., EEB. 21 

ALSO GOOD SI NDAY AT BROADWAY STORE 

WONDER WORLD 
OF 
FABRICS 
Wasitajtetfs Birthday 

 ffsURALINE PLUS 
THE 2-WAY STRETCH 

SPRING MINIATURE 

DRESS & BLOUSE 

PRINTS 
REG. 1.98 

-az 

REG. $3.98 YD. 

45” WIDE 
MACHINE 
WASH 
NEW 
ARRIVALS 
5o% POLYESTER 5o% COTTON 

 t 

YARD 

 a 

YARD 

THE KRINKLE LOOK 
^blouse PRINTS 
MISH-MOSHMAUBU rn 1oo% COTTON 

I 38" TO 39" WIDE 
• REG. $1.88 

ARRIVAL 
K 
BEAUTIFUL V t 
M 
SPRING rn 
COLORS 
J L YARD 

ENTIRE STOCK 
OF PATTERNS 
25% OFF 

CLOTH WORLD S t VIRYDAY 
LOW, LOW PRICE 
McCALLS. 
VOGUE, SIMPLICITY 
BUTTERICK 
SHOP CLOTH WORLD EVERYDAY 

BRUSHED DENIM 
REG. IMH 
1oo% 
COTTON 
\ 
45” WIDt f 
MACHINI 
* 
WASH 
BEAUTIFUL 
BRIGHT SPRING COL 
ORS AND. ALSO, BLU! 
66 

YARD 

• 1oo% TEXTURIZED POLYESTER 

• 54" WIDE—GOOD SELECTION 

FLATTER YOUR FIGURE 

ISEERSUCKER s u r a l in e f a n c ie s 

Ie 44 & 45” WIDE 
MACHINE WASH 
I# CHECK. DOTS. 
AND STRIPES ie 5o 
COTTON 
5o% 
POLYESTER! 

YARD 
BANDANA 
PRINTS e 1oo% COTTON e 45" WIDE 
€ 

YARD 
GOOD SELECTION 

,7r.7“ 

COORDINATES 
REG. $3.98 

“JI 
[J [eh 

 rut: 1.1/»> look I r irs lope lh - rf 
SAND WEAVE 
LIN 

 e 1oo% TEXTURIZED POLYESTER e MACHINE WASH e 6o” WIDE e 6o ” W IDE e M ACH IN E 
WASH e ioo% 
TEXTURIZED 
CHECKS. 
PLAIDS AND 
SPRING COLORS 
97 

YARD 

BEAUTIFUL SELECTION 
DRESS & BLOUSE 
SPORTSWEAR PRINTS 

REG. $3.88 

BEAUTIFUL 
SPRING COLORS 
IN THE LINEN 
WE AVE-LOOK 
YVI WO 

 e 45” WIDE 
FIRST QUALITY e ALL 
SPRING 
COLORS 
AND FASHIONS 
NEW SELECTION • 1oo% POLYESTER 
DOUBLE KNITS 

YARD 

ASSORTED STITCHES e FIRST QUALITY ONLY e 6o WIDE e MACHINE WASH 

-m TIU min II,— 
—I,.,..........—■...... 
, w m m m m 

 v \ y 

 f 
* 3 3 P I I A S A R O N 
I 
I 
PH*** U t A1 J f 114 
I 
OUM 6 OATS A W IIK 
I 
I 
Ma* h 
« U t M a w 
W » ) o t 
J 

I t u n H M IN MITH * o 
I 

PH«„» Na 4 » J 47«7 
| 

O U N « OATS A W it * 
I 

[ M a n N, A JO * M A P * W A JO 6 P M J 

 ai fciid-cu la 
I 

PH ,a , No 444 415 7 
I 

, 
O PtN 4 ll A f t A N H P 
I 

L Man ►*» • IO A m 4 P M Va* « K A P m 
I 

8 l?t> M E A D O W I t AF D * 
I 
Cern*) el Mo-boh Id and Lae# 416 
I i 
PHan* N , A n 71*1 

I 
O M N * o4 »V A M KH 
\N W n Am A JO A m A P m to* A W A P 

 r 
4 * 1 4 BROADWAY 
I 
I 
Alamo H,*<,M. 

J 
PH*,*, No 174 7444 
I 
OPtN 4 D »*S 4 N I I , 
J 

OGU WIST A VI NU* 
I 
Cann a* IPHI 4m* m * (aa? 41o 
I 
I 
PH#no Na 444 I /6» 

I 
O PtN A VATS A W IIK 
I 

AV 
YARD/f 

SUPER BUY 

A PE R F E C T U t U DING 
Bti.IN S AT CLOTH W O RLD 

The San Antonio Star— 
That’s Entertainment! in the Sunday Express-New* 

 makes avarv house a little move like home 

12 NOON 
TO 6 P.M. 

Selected groups of fine quality 

Smart contemporary bookcase w / 
5 shelves, walnut color finish. 
Solid oak gossip bench from our 

 nostalgic "Keepsakes" collection 
Save $175.o7! Thomasville French 
Provincial style console. 2 Only! 
Five-piece floor sofa set in an up-to-date Navajo Print design 

Reg. $89.95 
U 
7 

Includes 2 adjustable shelves for TV or stereo. Use multiple sets to cover an entire wall or more: At all 4 stores. 

Parsons design modern sofa by 
Futorian in Herculon*' plaid. 

Reg. $169.95 
I 

Has padded back and seat. Perfect for kitchen or den; note jotting or phone gos­ siping. Available at oil 4 stores. 

Save $23.99! Magnavox solid state 

 portable push-button tape recorder 

Reg. $349.95 
I / H 

Rich, dark finish. Hand carved doors, legs and front rail with antique metal grill in doors. Downtown and Broadway. 

Save $175.o7! Stanley upright book­ 

 case chest. Oriental style. I Only! 

Reg. $149.95 
o 
7 

This set consists of an extra large base pil­ low, 2 back pillows, and 2 matching toss pillows. At all 4 stores. 

Mediterranean styled credenza in a 

 distressed antique white finish. 

Reg. $329.95 
JL iJlF 

Durable beige and gray windowpane de­ sign with reversible seat and back cushions 
North Star and Big M City. 

Dual-purpose, contemporary 9-pc. corner group from Wilshire 

Reg. $79.95 
J 

Push-button control for play/record, re­ wind, fast forward, stop and eject. Built-in mike. Downtown and Big M City. 

Henredon "Four Centuries" 1o-pc. master dining room suite. I Only 

Reg. $465o.oo 
3 2 
V ” 

 large breakfront china, extension table, 6 side chairs, 2 matching host chairs. Rich, dark finish. I Only. North Star. 

Room-size 12'xl5' rugs, finished on all 4 sides. Wide selection. 

Reg. $349.95 
I / H 

O ff white accented in yellow. Drawer in base, 2 doors w /3 shelves (2 adjustable), 2 open book shelves above. Downtown only. 

Henredon 18th Century carved front 

 mahogany console. Save $23o.o7! 

Reg. $259.95 
1 4 
7 

Green heavy ornate brass hardware ac cents, shaped sides and piano hinges 
Downtown and Broadway. 

Maple secretary desk-chest with compartmentalized desk storage 
Reg. $199.95 
I J 7 

2 Mattresses, 2 foundations, 2 bolsters, 2 coverlets. Couch by day, twin beds at night. Broadway, North Star, Big M. 

Our entire stock of Grandfather 

 clocks in all-wood cabinets 

Reg. $459.95 
IL IL f 

2 levels of storage. Curved doors with magnet latches. Ideal for entry foyer or liv­ ing room. 2 Only. North Star. 

Stunning 5-pc. game set in gleaming 

 chrome and no-mar woodgrained top! 

Reg. $169.95 
7 7 

Maple color finish desk has drop front 
Chest has 3 drawers with brass hardware lim ited quantities at all 4 stores. 

Traditional luxuriously tufted 

 velvet chaise lounge, full skirt. 

Reg. $149.95 
I 

Shags, m ulti-level, plains, sculptured 
Mostly nylon fabrics. Other sizes at com parable 3o% savings. At all 4 stores. 

Sealy full-size "Newport" smooth- 

 top innerspring mattresses 

YOUR CHOICE x&V# / O UPP 

Over 5o clocks in our stock with four to six styles in each store. Weighted movements, pendulums, chimes. 4 Stores. 

Large-size lounge chairs and 

 swivel rockers, select group 

Reg. $169.95 
$ -I o o 8 8 and $179.95 l i C Y 

All with reversible foam cushions. Many fully skirted, luxurious velvets and Hercu- lons. Asst, colors. 4 Stores. 

Heywood-Wakefield Colonial wood 

 bedroom and dining room furniture 

Reg. $299.95 
I 

A chairs are covered in long wearing gold and black Herculon cover. Only 4 sets in all of our 4 stores. 

Exquisite serving buffet from 

Stanley's Treasury Collection. 

Reg. $149.95 
o 
7 

Crescent shaped back and elegant rolled arms in assorted colors for bedroom, living room, or den. At all 4 stores. 

Lighted French Provincial style buffet and china combination. 
Reg. $69.95 
H © 

Decorative striped cover. 12 Only. Also 7 matching foundations at same savings. 
Available at Downtown store only. 

Chromecraft 5-pc. dinette set with 
2-pc. matching Corningware set 

Reg. $399.95 
I 7 7 

Parchment and gold finish, inlaid marble top, 2 doors for storage, accented with heavy brass hardware. Only 2 Downtown!! 

Pleated burlap shade, bone white finish floor lamp plant stand. 

Reg. $369.95 
IL I 7 

Distressed white finish trimmed in yellow and green. Base contains 3 drawers and 2 doors. Downtown only. 

Our finest contemporary Directional 

 sofa with foam reversible cushions. 
NOW REDUCED X V / O UPP 

Over 5o pieces. Solid maple and other hard woods. Broadway and Downtown stores only. 

Contempo 5-pc. dinette...pedestal base table and 4 swivel chairs 

Reg. $299.95 
1 7 
7 

White finish dinette set. Fruit scene on ta­ ble and chairs matches bowls. Downtown 
Broadway, Big M City only. 

Transitional, 2-pc. corner sectional in care-free Herculon 

Reg. $149.95 
/ H 

Plants or curios will be strikingly displayed by 3-way lighting set on a spiral staircase! 
At all 4 stores. 

Hurry! Only I left! Brown vinyl 

 wing back chair by Brookwood. 

Reg. $799.95 
* 7 o 7 

Covered in a very high quality nubby tweed in tones of beige and off-white. At 
Broadway, Downtown, North Star stores. 

Hi-back modern swivel rocker with 

 ottoman, both in easy-care vinyl 
Reg. $499.95 
o 
^ 
7 

Beautiful beige and white. Both seat and back cushions reversible. At our Downtown and Big M City stores only. 

Reg. $229.95 
I O O 

Simulated butcher block table with bro vinyl chairs or white top table w /g chairs. All 4 stores. 

Reg. $149.95 
/ H * 

 large, com fortable, with loose foam T cushion. Ball casters in front. Only I at our downtown store s basement! 

Save $267.5o! Henredon etagere w / 
3 / 8 " adjustable plate glass shelves 

Reg. $299.95 
I I V 

Glove-soft antique gold vinyl. Strap arm and headrest. Bases of gleaming mirror chrome. 6 Only! All 4 stores. 

 hand quilted contemporary 9-pc. 

 curved modular sectional sofa. 

Stearns & Foster full-size inner spring sofa-sleeper in Herculon 
Solid walnut folding rocker with - 

 cane seat and back. Modern style 

Reg. $535.oo 
JL\J I 

2 Only. O ff-w hite ironstone finish. Ideal for holding books or curios. Available at our North Star store only. 

Save $368.oo on Henredon wrought iron corner baker's rack. I Only! 

Reg. $369.95 
JL'T L j 

Covered in heavy Herculon in rust, beige and gold plaid. Transitional styling. Avail­ able at all 4 stores. 

Reg. $69.95 
H O 

A comfortable, space-saving rocker fash­ ionably styled to be at home in any room in the house. At all 4 stores. 

Reg. $1379.55 
/ 7 
7 

Parsons design in a cotton print as fresh as spring! Al! cushions fully reversible. Only I at the Broadway store. 

Odyssey IOO TV game set by the 

 originator of home video games. 

Reg. $89.95 NOW $49” 

Magnavox lets you play tennis or hockey on color or b /w sets with ac adaptor or batteries. Available at all 4 stores. 

Queen-size sleeper-sofa, loveseat set in easy-care Herculon cover 
Lane Cedar chests in 3 styles, all complete with lock and key 

Reg. $736.oo 
O 
O 
O 

Beautiful satin finish accented with gleam­ ing brass. A most unusual accent piece. I 
Only. North Star Mall store. 

Reg. $499.95 
o 

In i eutral shades of beige and brown easy care Herculon. Plenty of seating and sleep ing room. Downtown, Broadway, Big M. 

Reg. $139.95 
T O 

 lane's famous cedar interior protects your cherished treasures. Variety of finishes. At all 4 stores. 

Broadway 
98o3 Broadway 
824-94o2 

Downtown 
Big M City 
231 E. Commerce 
S. New Braunfels & 
227-6361 
E. Southern** 534-6181 

U u i t . / v u . 
. . . 
. . . 
. . i . i , ; i . niter 

North Star 
San Pedro & Loop 41o 
342-2331 
Some limited quantities. All items subject to prior sale 

I up ai no extra charge within deiiveiy prep arotkins 

EXPRESS 
MARKET 
COMMENT 
Business and Finance 

Worms: Turning a profit? 

By RICHARD SMITH 
EXPRESS N EW S BUSINESS EDITOR 
“ Reaping unheard of pro­ fits:” 
“ New Golden Opportunity for 
Security and Income!” 
“ Unbelievable prosperity:” 
—That's what tho brochure says. All of this wealth coming from the lowly earthworm. 
’"I'm not saving it s a get-rioh-quick scheme: all I can say is you can get 2oo per cent return on your investment atter 12 months," says Chuck Henson, regional manager for Worm Enter­ prises. Inc. 
So. how do you cash in on this bonanza? 
It's easy, says Henson, a former in­ surance salesman, for $495. the com­ pany will set you up with your own worm ranching kit consisting of box, bedding and the worms — all HO.OOO of the little crawlers. 
The box — or bin. or bed. as it s called — is eight feet by three feet and a foot deep with no bottom. You fill the box with the bedding, a mixture of peat moss and horse manure. (Despite what it looks like. Henson says the stuff's clean and doesn’t smell.) 
6o,ooo wigglers 
Throw in the HO.OOO worms, red wigglers, to be precise, water regular­ ly. work the conglomeration around, and then wait. 
In two months, says Henson, your 
HO.OOO worms become 12o,ooo worms, at which point you can either build your own bin and add your own man­ ure supply or buy another unit for $495 and start the process again 
Obviously, the three-to-four inch- long little creepies are prolific 
The worms, says Henson, have both male and female sex characteristics, meaning it takes two to mate (any two will do) to produce an egg every seven to IO days. 
FCach egg is capable of producing from two to ‘JO babies, but usually ail average of four or live. lie savs 
After the raising period, ifs har­ vesttime for the evergrowing numbers 
— and time for some revenues. 
Ivan Estes, manager of the com­ pany’s office here, will buy back all those worms “ in any quantity and any si/e" according to the contract. 
“ Ifs all very straightforward,” says the former car salesman, who has been with the company since August. 
(The company itself opened here in 
May. and is associated with Ecological 
Products, a Houston-based marketing firm of worms and worm by-products 
The firm is three years old.) 
“ We ll buy back all the worms you 
( an grow for a minimum price of $2.5o a lh.(A pound of worms, he says, is roughly 1.5oo to J.(Mio worms ), which 

 is based on the current wholesale market bulk rate. 
Ender this contract, yon can also sell 

 the worms to anyone for what you can get as well, but under the company's 
“ exclusive” grower contract, he will 

W O R M S —- little dirt-eating crawlies which can double their number in two months, have become big business here within the past year. Ivan Estes, local distributor, says use for the worms are practically unlimited. — Staff Photos by larky Tarsikes 

 buy back all your worms for $5 a lb — but you sell only to him. 
The price is apt to fluctuate quite a bit. he says, but you’re protected from falling prices by the two -year contract you sign. Afterwards, renewable for yearly periods, which guarantees the minimum $2.5o rate. 
One grower here says tin' wholesale market value of the worms in Califor­ nia. where this whole business started about 25 years ago, is current Iv $1 75 a lh. 
After you sell your worms back to the distributor, he then sells them re­ tail for $5 to $H a pound 
In this case. Estes sells them to 
Ecology Products — the associated company in Houston Henson says that the company uses the worms for sale with some of its own products like houseplant soil, terrariums and a yot- to-be marketed “ ecology kit” which is a box of worms that can be buried in gardens. 
Used for 
Beyond that, he says, the worms will be used in the future for massive solid waste disposal programs iii countries like Japan, not to mention possibilities 

 i i i (worm cook-offs.’). 
We're buying all the worms we can get now. and we're only supply ing 29 per cent of the market,” he says with a grin. 
"So far. it's been fairly profitable,” says It.(J. Kurz. a local school princi­ pal who went into the venture with two others back i ii August with two million worms ( —wonder who counted them ?) 
“ We average between $499 and $59o a month for 19 beds " lie says. 

H is company , the South Texas Worm 
Farm, Inc. is also a distributor, work­ ing for Bed Worm Enterprises, a 
Lewisville, Tex.-based firm, and has 19 growers under contract. 
Kurz says the company usually makes shipments once a month to 
Lewisville — and they pay the freight 
“ ll gets real expensive doing it this way.” he says. “ But sometimes, if we have enough worms, we ll lake a truck up there. But it ll be al least two months before our growers start send ing in worms to us." 
But, if you go on vacation and leave the worms alone, you may return to find that your hard-earned invest­ ments have burrowed away. 
Moving on 
“ The worst problem we have is that some of the growers will let the beds dry out,” says Renson. “ The worms live in the first four inches of the bed and if it dries out, they will burrow down into the ground 
“ Since the beds don’t have bot­ toms.” he says. “ They’ll simply go away.” 
Kur/ f in d s the maintenance fairly ease, but tile harvesting tedious 

You take a handful of the squishy mess and put it on a board under a light, he says, the worms will dig down into the pile to get away from the brightness 

The top of the pile of bedding is slowly brushed away until a naked hunch of worms remain 
Hermon says a skilled person har­ 

 vesting the worms this way will yield about 15 lh for two to three hours of work (For those interested in higher mathematics, that comes to about 
.'19.o99 worms, or about SHO. wholesale.) 
But if that’s too slow, tho company will lease you a commercial harvester that will do a bin in 2o minutes 
That rents for SJO a day 
* 

BEDDING for the worms consists of peat moss and horse manure. 
Some 6o,ooo worms are mixed in with the composition and put into one of these eight-by-three foot bins until harvest time. 

It’s not all rosy 
| 

“ It ’s tin1 1979s version ut the chinchilla ranching deals of a lew years ago.” says John Etehieson. vice president of the local Better Business 
Bureau 
Although lie a d m it s h is office hasn t received any complaints, lie h a s had several inquiries from people interest­ ed iii the business 
Etehieson t e lls them to find out the names of the other growers for the distributor, and names of those buying from the distributor 

But Etehieson takes a dim view of the promoters who promise rich rewards from turning worms. 

I^ook in the classified ads, he says, iii the back of current magazines and see all the worms for sale — many at cut-rate price's. 

“ lf there's such a big market for them,” he asks. “ Then why are all these people advertising them?” 

 h ail Estes, a local distributor, warns against contract loopholes winch free tIm- distributor from buying worms back from the growers because they didn t meet 
‘market standards.” — standards which aren I spelled oui 
Some growers have been bilked here because they didn t even have con­ tracts with their distributors, says 
It.(I Kurz. .i grower 
"There's a few shysters iii the busi­ 

 n e s s bere,” lie says Kurz warns in - v (»stors to make sure the distributor lias a cont rad with whomever he is selling lo. 
“ If flu* distributor can s e ll his,” fie says “ You call Im* fairly s u r e of s e l l i n g yours.*’ 
One grower, when asked if he knew where his worms went after he sold them to Hie distributor he replied simply 
“ I really don’t know ” lf that’s the ease, one grower could be stuck holding a bag ut worms. 
Weak investments are blamed for slowdown 

NEW YOHK — The effort to explain why the current business recovery is so sluggish — has come to focus on the weakness of business investment in new plant and equipment. 
During the first seven quarters — 21 months — of recovery alter each of t he five prev ions reces­ sions. business invest­ ment (corrected for in­ flation) increased 5 J per cent ov cr t he prev ions pre-recess ion business- cycle peak 
But at the same point in the 1975-TH recovery. real business investment was still 11.8 per cent below its pre-recession peak iii 1975 
Most economists pre­ dict that business invest­ ment will rise by 5 to 7 percent, in real terms, iii 
1977. But that will still 

-B v 
LEONARD SILK 

M W r o w TIMES S IR V IC I 

 not bring it up to where it was four years ago 
Why h a s capital spend lug not shown more vigor? The Carter ad* minis! rat ion contends that consumer demand has been inadequate to kick oft a strong enough rise in business invest­ ment. This is the princi­ ple that economists call 
“ the accelerator." 
According to the acce­ leration principle, when orders for consumer 

 goods reach a point where they cannot be filled without an increase in rapacity, investment in new plant and equip­ ment is kicked off — and carries the whole econ­ omy higher, increasing lobs as well as incomes 
The shift into the capi­ tal-spending phase of an economic expansion is like an auto's going into overdrive 
This in the logic behind the administration's de­ rision to ask Congress lot* 
$15.5 billion in fiscal sti­ mulus this year, of whu h the biggest single com­ ponent would be more than $11 billion in tax re­ bates to consumers. 
C harles L. Schulf/e, chairman of the Council of Economic Advisers, 
"End of Ju n e" says Thomas 

Plans are still bring worked oui with a I (MMI em phi vc company, 
Ralph Thomas told a group of students and businessmen at St. 
Mary’s University. 

Speaking to the group as part of the university's Business Week ac­ tivities. the president ut the Econo­ mic Development Foundation said he is “ very hopeful ut our chances making an announcement by the end ol June.” 

In his talk. Thomas also stressed the need for continuing economic growth and that the city cannot use the government as an economic 
“ crutch.*’ 

E nviron m ent 

Ile said that while San Antonio has preserved its environment and relaxed lifestyle in years past by not actively seeking out new industry, similar cities like Houston and the 
Dallas-Fort Worth area may have already theirs. 

He said the companies the city 

 will attract wiU be “ clean, light- ta-mediuiu industry,” and which 

 will help divert the city away from 
“ extreme dependence on Depart­ ment of Defense dollars." 

“ It's been said many times before, but its’s worth saying again,” says Thomas, “ Too much reliance on m ilitary or defense payrolls can be fatal when either 
Congress or the President can cut elf the dollars — and the jobs — in a single stroke.” 

Levi Strauss 

Of Levi Strauss’s move into the city, be said that the company, which will eventually employ over 
1,2oo people as the com pany's second largest facility, w ill be worth about $12.5 million annually for the local economy. 

Thomas recapped the efforts of the two-year-eld E D F to bring in new industry, citing the move here of Baker International divisional headquarters, opening of the St. 
Fouls based Central States Diver­ sified and the San Antonio Shoe Ca. operations. 

 says I hat business incen­ tives to invest in new ca­ pacify are still quite vvetfk and that what is needed is the kind of sti­ mulus that “ expands markets, iii order to re­ duce unemployment dir­ ectly and to set iii motion a self.sustaining, long- last mg economic recti, very, led by strong i i i * creases i i i business in­ vestment." 
But Congress and the business community — 

 as well as a number of economists, including some who had been ad­ visers of Carter during the election campaign — were dissatisfied with the absence, iii the adminis­ tration’s original fiscal package, of any direct spur to business invest­ ment 
The adniinist rut ion gave ground bv modify. mg its package to include 

See INVESTING. Page Mi 
Corco planning to sell off a interest share 

Commonwealth Oil He­ lming Co., Inc. (Corco) announced that it is ne­ gotiating with a third party l«*r the sab* of one of it-s joint venture inter­ e s ts lf not. the company said iii a release, the bunks could declare default on the troubled company 

( oleo has also an­ nounced that it will (lave lo obtain a waiver of its financial agreements with its bank 

The sale approval of 
Commonwealth's banks and certain other condi­ tions) would provide the company cash proceeds in order to reduce Cor* co’s losses under certain disadvantageous supply contracts. 
The company finished the year wit ii a loss of 
$52 I million, or $2.25 a share, on net sales of $1 I billion, based on un­ audited results 
Compares with 
This compares with a loss of $24 2 million 
($1.75 per share) on net sales of $891 5 million for the year ended December 
31, 1975. 
During the last 1976 quarter, Commonwealth incurred an unaudited 

 net loss of $26.7 million or $1.81 a share on net sales of $2H4 m illion, compared to a loss of $H 7 million ($.47 per stiare) oil net sales of $215 I million for the same per* mn) in 1975. 
< ummonuealth's loss for I HTH resulted i i i large pail from continued operating losses iii the fourth quarter of approx­ imately $14 million 
The company also recorded a loss resulting from year end adjust­ ments aggregating ap­ proximately $13 million relating lo the establish­ ment of reserves for the anticipated write down of certain operating assets. 

Commonwealth, has been operating at a loss since mid-1974 

Corco and Tesoro Pe­ troleum 
Corporation, which currently owns approximately 37 per cent of Commonwealth's common stock, have ini­ tiated a program to bring in a new equity partner to provide additional capi­ tal for Commonwealth, and in that regard Com­ monwealth disclosed today that it it is holding discussions with a number of prospective investors. 

Highest Rates... 
Shortest Terms! 

Higher returns in a shorter time. That’s Bexar County Savings’ plan At Bexar County Savings, you earn more sooner because we pay more earlier. 

Compare our rates. Then compare our terms You'll find they don't come any bigger, or better, than Bexar County Savings. 

C U R R E N T 
RATE 
P ER ANNUM 
7.75% 
7.5o% 
7% 
6.75% 
6.25% 
5.75% 

M INIM UM 
D EPO SIT 
LEN G T H OF 
D EP O SIT 

24 MONTHS 

18 MONTHS 

AN NUAL 
YIELD 
M A TURITY 
YIELD 

8.o5% 8.37% 

7.79% 

12 M O N TH S 
7.25% 7.25% 

6 M O N TH S 
6.98 

FROM DATE OF 
DC POSIT TO DATE 
OF W ITH DRAW AL 

FROM DATE OF 
DEPOSIT TO DATE 
OF WITHDRAWAL 

6.45% 

5.92% 

ALL ACCOUNTS COMPOUNDED DAILY 

BEXAR 
OUNTY 

13oo McCreiess Shopping City 

P O Bom 2312o 
IH J7 at South N e w Braunfels 
San Antonio Texas 78223 
(512)532-3136 

 if Chartered supervised and exam ined regularly by the savings and Loan Department of the State of Texa^ it 

San Antonio EXPRESS-N EW S— Sunday February 2o 1977 
W age-price policy 
1 takes a back seat 

BUILDING tra d e s students at South San 
Antonio High School actually build a hom e from the slab up as part of their classwork. 
Going o v e r blueprints are (left to right) 

Collis M eier, instructor; Rum aldo Guerra, ju nior; R o b e rt A la q u irte z , s e n io r; and 
E v a ris to G o m e z , ju n io r. The p ro je c t is sponsored by Ray Ellison Homes. 
C onstruction students build own classroom s 

WI lr ii students from I lie building trades (lass at S« Mi I ii San Antonio High 
School sot out to learn tho construction business, they don t tool around They co outland build a house 

This year. 27 boys art* spending about four hours each day, weather pernuttinu. building a three-bedroom house “ from the slab, up" iii Valley* 
Hi. a subdivision beme developed by 
Hay Ellison Homes 

For the third year iii a row, the Iii iii is sponsoring a home-building promo project for juniors and seniors iii the building trades class at South San An­ tonio High School 
“ The boys get to do a little ol ever­ ything ill putting up Hie house." said 
Collis Meier, building trades instruc­ tor . “ From initial framing to interior and exterior finishing, they gel out and hustle with everything from hammers and saws to paint brushes aud screw drivers " 
Fundamentals 

According to Meter, the juniors and seniors iii building trades split their time about att-att between classroom aud tip* field Iii class, the boys are taught the fundamentals of blueprint reading, along with baste math applied to const nu t iou problems 
“ I bis is where they really get into it, though; Meier said. “ out here working 

 w o r k in g w ith r e a l fp ro b le m s 

 on a house, where they re working with real problems and have to come ut) witll real solutions " 
Hay Ellison Homes supplies all ma­ terials and the lot. along with help by the com pany’s superintendents to supplement M eier’s efforts, 
When the job is finished, sometime 

 iii Mac, the house will go oil the mar­ ket 
Meier says that although some gra­ duates of the building Irades course do enter the construction Industry oil com pleting high school, there are other reasons for the building trades course. 
“ I believe it’s important that people understand how their houses are put together." Meier said “ It’s the largest investment most people make iii their lives, and I think that people MiouId know more about what to look for iii terms of quality construction, aud how to go about making major repairs, ii required 
I think all of that sort ut fallout from our course is constructive and useful for society 
IA aristo (ionic/, a junior working on the house, has chosen the building trades as a career. Ills lather. Vidor. 
Ii; . been iii construct hut for more than ii decade, and Evade s older brother 

Elm o , is also working for Ellison. 
Eli/io completed the building trades 
(•hiss at South San iii 1975. 
Meier says that principles of safety and the proper use of handtools are prime objectives of his course, which is funded by ii combination of state and school district funds. 
But he believes the major objective is achieved when he sees the look of satisfaction on the faces of the boys wbdl a house is completed. 

Bv HOBART ROWEN 
WASHINGTON - The ( arter administration is quietly work­ ing on a wage-priee stabilization policy, but it has had to take place in line behind the econo­ mic stimulus package, effects of cold weather, and the P re si­ dent's focus on reorganization efforts. 

The President mentioned it in his formal message to Congress asking for 
ST I. ‘J billion in tax cuts or spending programs to assure recovery. But it was overlooked in most news reports. 
What ( arter wants is to beef up an existing government monitor called the Council on Wage and Price Stabi­ lity (( W PS), the descendant of the old 
Cost of Living Council as it existed under a more vigorous controls pro­ gram. 
The new President does not want to experiment once again with mandatory wage and price controls. He is cons­ cious that Ins preinaugural statement rejecting such controls even on a 
“ standby ' wage basis earned him va­ luable Brownie points with the busi­ ness community. 
Moreover, his own group of adv isers. led by Economic Council Chairman 
Charles L. Sehultze, is convinced that formal controls would bi* counter-pro­ ductive. 

Giving up 

But Sehultze thinks it necessary to supplement fiscal and monetary policy to bring government pressures to bear, in some way, on unnecessary wage and price increases. 
Iii addition to abandoning standby wage and price controls. Carter also has given up the idea of numerical wage-price guidelines—as iii the 
Kemiody-.Iohnson era — or a manda­ tory requirement that big companies and unions give advance notice of ma­ jor increases. 
C arter’s plan, at the moment, fo­ cuses on a strengthening of ( ’W PS so that it can spot supply bottle, necks in the economy, and by encouraging a strictly voluntary pre-notification of wage and price increases on a 3o-day basis. 
Inflation source 

W ithout a significant increase in 
(W P S ’ power. Shultze thinks that the agency can exert more clout iii and out ol the government through some up­ grading of the staff — and especially if a distinguished administratior who lias 

 the confidence of both business and labor can be brought in to run it. 
Because one major source of infla­ tion comes through governmental de- cions themselves, especially those of the regulatory agencies. Curter has asked department heads to evaluate. oil a continuous basis, the inflationary 
The Week 
In Business 

 impact of eveything they do. What officials are hoping to set up is a mechnanism to perm it C W P S to re­ view those “ im p a c t" assessm ents prior to — not after — the decision­ making period. 
How to deal with wages iii a private industry is another touchy area. Even though the pace of inflation was mo­ derated somewhat, labor’s demands this year will he based in large part on a catch-up need. 
Lacked imagination 
In an interview with W ashington 
Post editors on Jan. 12, Sehultze said; 
“ You're not coming into a situation iii which inflation is zero and you're try­ ing to preserve it at zero. Hence, there is a lot more inequity and catch-up and all sorts of problems to be handled in trying to think through any set of principles. So it's much more difficult 
E ight are at F ro st 

One officer was promoted and seven new officers were elected by the board of Frost National Bank, announced C. 
Linden Sledge, bank president. 
Promoted to assistant vice president was Kenneth R. Bell, trust depart­ ment. agricultural division. 
Elected and named assistant vice president was Charles A. Thompson, also of the trust department, lh* will serve in the employe benefit division. 
Other officers elected were: Richard 
Kardys, trust department; C.S. Plum ­ mer. Jr.. automation; Tom Frost, III. credit administration; W illiam J. Gal- breath. commercial banking; Robert 
W. Hunt, com m ercial banking: and 
Terry E. Maxfield. credit administra­ tion. 
Bell joined the bank in 1974 as a trust agricultural officer. A graduate of 

Than it was during the Kennedy - 
Johnson vears " 
Administration officials think that 
(W P S has all the fact-finding power it needs, but lias lacked imagination iii applying it. For example, since wage 
“ catch-up" problems will be among the major ones. Sehultze and his staff would like to see ( W P S develop the capability for accurate measurement of the wage trends that a given union may be trying to catch up with. 
Carter is sure to move cautiously in this area. But lie has committed him­ self to a stronger C W PS and to some kind of overall meetings among labor, business, and his own advisers “ within the next few months.’’ 
The United States remains the only major nation without some kind of 
“ incomes policy" to help deal with the unemployment- inflation d ilem m a. 
True, “ incomes policy’’ eau mean a variety of things, and insofar as 
Carter's plans are concerned, it is probably a misnomer, because there is no suggestion of a redistribution of income. 
More sim ply, what the new administration is trying to evolve is a program that will slow down the un­ derlying thrust of inflation, and — if possible — set up a system that will provide a warning of future shocks that would add a kicker to the inflationary rate. And all without arousing the ire of labor leaders of businessm en. 
That's a tall order, but worth pursu­ ing p ro m o ted 

13 HJL ilk. 

Church’s has record earnings for 1976 

Emergency Room 

PHYSICIAN 

Emergency Room physician for new group forming, full time, flexible sche­ dule. Liberal salary Mal practice insurance paid 
192 beds (ontoct Patrick 
W. Gondy, president, Phys- oons and Surgeons Hospt tai, P O Bo* 4466, Shreve­ port, lo., 318-227 38o1. 

AO V. 

(IPAs to heat h a n k e r s h u m o rist 

Bob Mtirphey will ad­ dress a joint meeting of local ( PAs and bankers 
Thursday 
Ills talk w ill he gi\en at the ( him cut mu ( enter. 

 ney for Nacogdoches 
County aud Representa­ tives. County Attorney lot' Nacogdoches County aud D istrict attorney 
District attorney 

Church's T ried Chicken, Inc . re­ ported record sales and earnings for 
1971) 
Net earnings for the year increased 
59 per cent to St ) 9 million on a re­ venue increase of 27 per cent to SI74 I million. 
Earnings per share increased 58 per cent to x i tin from $2 33 one year ear­ lier 
George \\ Church. Jr.. chairman of the board and chief executive officer, said that 83 company operated store's were opened iii 1979 and that average store sales increased 12 3 per cent 
I rut ii $283,99o iii 197') to $291),OOI) in­ cluding the ctfect of 2 > per cent higher 

\ e a r ly e a r n in g s s h o w e d 

 a p e r ce n t g a in 

 menu prices 
“ Our hest internal measure of cor­ porate perform ance is the return earned on all permanently invested cap ital, w it Ii com m itm ents under long-term leases treated as equivalent to long-term debt. 
In our judgm ent, this yard stick measures the inherent profitability of a concept aud the manner of its exe­ cution better than any other We know of no fustfood company that can match 

Church’s performance over the past two years in this regard." Church said. 
Church said that despite the sin ere winter, average real unit volumes per store for year-to-date 1977 have ex­ ceeded year earlier levels by approxi­ mately ten percent. 
“ We expect continued growth for the year." said Church. “ Plans call for 99 to 199 new company operated stores this year and approximately all new licensee stores." 

Texas Tech U n iv e rsity , he is a member of the farm and ranch com­ mittee of the Greater San Antonio 
Chamber of Commerce, the Texas 
Society of Farm and Ranch Managers and Appraisers. Texas and Southwes­ tern Cattle Raisers Assn. and the 
American Institute of Banking. 
Heads division 
Thompson heads the employe benefit div ision of the bank’s trust department with responsibilities in business ad­ m inistration and developm ent. He holds a bachelor degree in business administration from the University of 
Texas at Austin. 
Kardys. a graduate of Texas A A I 
University and the University of Texas 
School of Law, joined the bank iii 1978. 
Ile currently serves as a member of the board of directors of the Federal 
Bur Association and is a member of other various Bar associations. 
Plummer joined the bunk iii 1975 in the transit department. He currently is responsible for correspondent bank relations and training as automation officer. Ile holds a business degree from the University of Texas, and is a member of the American Institute of 
Banking. 
Frost joined the bank in 1975, serving a credit analy st before being elected credit administrative officer. A gra­ duate of Southern Methodist Universi­ ty. he lias a bachelors degree in psy­ chology. 
Galbreath. a graduate of the 
University of Texas School of Law . is a member of the State Bar of Texas. 
A graduate of the University of 
Texas ut Austin. Hunt served as credit analyst. He is a member of the Presi­ dent’s Club of the Greater San Antonio 
( bomber of Commerce and the Ameri­ can Institute of Banking. 
Maxfield joined the bank in 1978 us a staff accountant. A graduate of the 
University of Texas at Austin, he is a member of the American Institute of 
Banking. 

River Rm at 7 p.m. 
Murphey is an area 
Mtirphey is an attorney public speaker and liu- from Nacogdoches (Dun* mortal. tv. and has served as 
U P As and area bankers sergeant-at-arms for the can make reservations 
Texas House of Repre* for the m eeting by sentatives. County Attar* calling 227-4939 
^wFab-Crete, the building system that saves you time and money! 

M ara’* How : 
I lowet w iH w d cmd tot Mf* (M d. Overhead end late* a* (tea late Mia acceual ta* aa ta- a aa Meg there al barlin g Kilt Speed fate-(rat* 
(att (atli bg mm%% predating penal* al awr plan! 
• bde itea foundation and dab ort being pound 
Jonah an ideo debtor od ta tba (ab Mio ead quickly ended 
I A devon beild company 
Speed h i Crete ba* fun planning, dettgn end buddie# tap abduce* ham year idee to Ida baith ad premie! (tea wilt alia wark ham year plea* 
I. law rn em tenant# and imarenn tat!*. 
There t induna la wear aul en a Speed fate Ct tit budding and if betons** aggregate* on ated, na panting it nota*very lateen il l mod* af 
(enema, iota rom* rota* rn* law 
4. Speed af umtherften lateen Speed fete-Crete it a modular lyiitm , i on*truman nm* it eel conttdenkty TW* rated* in tearer interim (mania tail* and earlier at- tenancy, 

Wa offal a Mafia ratpanvbia tear ta tar donga and teat trachea at a paaianiaod poet within a tpacified dan period 
6. Hight*! gaaft*. 
I ai aa va Speed fate-Crate building* ara mod* af loatrata and ileal, longer term loan* on evadable Tau prat tan I bay a batter building al 
My price 

*& 

WARfHOUSfS as low as 
• adding under rani I 5,ooo *q H 
S C o o 
SCO! 
«m*q. 

Farm Bureau Week will be marked by membership drive 

I adding IOO X ISO Stab and foundation on your level 
Mfd. pi*toil 4 tnt loadteoormg aulic 12 h High. Meal bor put. 3 ply bud) up reof *y*t*m with 77 gouge matol darking md Mf intutahan. 7 Meal partonnal door*. 7 cital f X f overhead dear*, lf gouoga metal (atria. mupper* i O I 3o md** Son Antonio area All print may tory thghdy at different plant* and dttfante* 

 lanai* mo precast rn pie nr, hacked fa (ate tile and quMkiy aneled aaa welded into piece 

U U PLANT NEAREST YOU 

Son Antonio............. 512 696 333o 
Robstown................ 5)2/317*4555 
Austin ................... 512/454-7911 
Of tear Mont* ms ft Worth, Dade*, Houlton 
Mom auride 
Ale 
— 
Pkeeete, 
Aril 
— 
Naugatuck. 
UM. 
— 
Steeleville 
IU. 
— 
SteevtUe, Me- — Ca nae Cly, Nev — High 

Petal, N.C 

This will he Farm Bureau 
Week both in Bexar County and in Texas. 

The Bexar (’minty Farm Bureau will have a special membership recruit­ ment drive as part of the Texas Farm 
Bureau effort to heal lasl year's total of 195.571 member families 
Joe Yan De Waite S r , San \ntunio, has been appointed chairman of lite membership drive by Irving Ernst, president of the Bexar chapter 
Iii appointing Van De Wylie, Ernst said. “ Farmers aud ranchers need a strung organization more than ever before, 
“ Among the problems needing solu­ tion are high production costs and chronic low prices, taxation, the threat ol export controls, environmental res­ trictions and land list* proposals. 
County Ju d g e B la ir Reeves has signed a proclam ation setting this week as Farm Bureau Week. Gov. 
Dolph Brisco e also has issued a statewide proclamation on Hie same subject 
Reeves proclamation 

Bart ol Un* proclamation by Judge 
Reeves reads “ The production of food and natural fibers is essential to our nation. Many ai our citizens of Bexar 
County are directly or indirectly de­ pendent upon agriculture for their li­ velihood 
“ All of our people henelil from the advancements made iii the agricultur­ al industry. “ 
“ F arm e rs and ranchers have learned to promote and protect their 

 industry through organization. Four oui of five agricultural producers iii the nation are members of Farm Bur­ eau. 
"F a rm Bureau is an independent, non -partisan, volu n tary organization whose ami is lo improve the social and economic conditions of farm and ranch 

 families and tile nation as a whole,” 
Texas growth 
I lie Texas Farm Bureau was found­ ed in 1928 but dissolved for two yearn in 1934. The big growth came in the period from 1943 lo 193o when mem­ bership soared from 7DOO to 5o,999. • 
The Texas Farm Bureau now has its own $2.7 m illion, four-level stale headquarters in Waco. It has shown a membership increase every year since 
1932. 
Ernst reported the Bexar County 
Karin Bureau has shown a member­ ship increase annually for the past years ll now has 1.839 members 
Duroc meet 
'The 21st annual National and South­ western Duroc Winter Type Congress and Sale will be held iii San Antonio 
Friday and Saturday. 
More than 489 head of bred gilts, 

 open gilts and boars are entered for show judging and sale at Joe Freeman 
Coliseum. 
Entries for the event will be accept- 
(‘d Thursday. Judge will Im* Dr Laurel 
Christian. Ames, Iowa Auctioneer will 
Im* Howard Ban ish ol Edon. Ohio, and 
Joe Earlier of Colorado. Iowa. 
More than $8,9o9 iii premiums will he awarded Market swine classes will be judged 'Thursday aud will he fol­ lowed hybred gilts. Judging of open gilts and boars will start ut 8 a iii 
Friday 
Sale ot bred and open gills and Unit s will start at 18 a iii. Saturday. It is sponsored by the Southwestern Duroc 
Breeders and United Duroc Swine Re­ gistry . 
Dr. W. L. Schwartz, veterinarian, 
Texas AAM University, w ill discuss 
“ swine pseudorabies'' ut a boar ses­ sion at 7 3o p.m. Thursday. 
Headquarters motel for the session 

 will Im* the Holiday Inn. 
Other activities will include a judg- 

Express-News 

Classified Want Ads 

Leader For Over I OO 

Years 
225-1666 

 mg contest at 2 38 p rn. Ftrday and a banquet and business meeting at 7 p.iii. Friday, 
Marketplace 

S B I ( I \l COW S A LE 
Sat. F ib 28, I BM 
Lour star Livrslock 
( ommission ( o. 
1299 COWS 
119 • T I Hraford. I yr old Bairs. M2 - 
T I Bratord. 3 to 8 yr old Bairs. 85 • E l 
Rial oui I A 3 yr olds. KO",, (jiv e d oui. 
MI • Hrungua Cows, I A 5 yr olds, calv­ ing now. 15 - (fakir Bairs. I A 5 yr olds. 
35 • ( holer 3 yr old Brangus Cows, calving now. 51 ( rosshrrd Bairs. 3 A I yr olds, 51 • Charbra Bairs. 8o • I to 8 vr old Brangus Caws, calving now. 8I-K-1 
Bratord. 2 A 3 yr olds, calving now, 71 • 
( rossbrrd lows, 5 A 8 yr olds, calving now. 51 Brangus Cows, 5 A 8 yr old-,, calving now. 23 Brangus Cows, 2 yrs old bred to Brahman Bulls (Choice). 17 
• E l Bralord, 2 yr olds, Bred to Brah man Bulls (Choice). 25 Reg. Limousin. 
I yr olds Bred lo Beef Master Bulls. 9o * 
Crossbred Cows, 3 A I yr olds. calving now. 8 E l Bralord Bails * Choice 3 yr olds. 
TOR IN K ) ( A LL Office • 823-5299 
Brank Ile I vex, I 128 3777 
Buddy Groff, 1-128 2791 

OMC T R I CBN 
I Wheel Drive. Short A Long Wheel 
Base Yanduras A Suburbans 
TINDALL A SON Pontiac, DMC 

I 

S a n A n t o n i o E X P R E S S - N E W S — 
S u n d a y F e b r u a r y 2 o 1 9 7 7 
P a g e 
3 - G 

In Business 

Borrn?r 
Harlan 
Howard 

At I- M d Drilling Co.. 
J. pat Kidd has bern promoted to vice president and will manage the company s dom estic operations. 

Louis L. Michael at Travis Savings and Loan 
Association of San Antonio has been appointed to the I Mi 7 ( nmmittne on Mutual Institutions of the 
I lilted States League of Savings Associations. 

Mailer \\. McAllister Jr., chairman of San An­ tonio Savings Association, has been appointed to the IM?i ( nmmittee on FSLIC Law and Regulations of the I luted States League of Savings Associa­ tions. 
> At Clarke Printing & Packaging Co.. Herbert R. 
Belcher has been named as vice president-finanee. 
At I Ilion State Bank. 
William I). Parish has been promoted to the position of Vici' president aud comptroller. 

Parish came to I nom State in December I MIMI as assistant vice president and was elected comp­ troller in January 1971 
Also at Pinon State Bank. Bryant (>. Kinehart h a s been promoted to vice president and cashier. 

Hinehart joined the bank iii March KUH a s a s ­ sistant cashier, after retiring from the I lilted 
States Air Force 

John IL "Bu d d y" Goodwin has been promoted to vice president o| sales of the SISO m illion 
Northclifl’e residential community by Homecraft 
Corp of Houston, \o rth cliffe is H om ecraft’s newest development in San Antonio 
At Central Park Bank, three promotions have been made. 
(Jerald M erlish is v ice president - loans; Thomas ll. Lehman is loan serv ices officer, and Jane Howard is administrative officer. 

Merlish joined the bank in IMT.) a s an assistant v ice president 

Lehman has been with Central Park Bank since 
May I MTH as a loan services supervisor. 

Howard was a founder and charter member of tile San Antonio chapter of the Architectural Se­ cretaries \ssociation and is a member of the 
American Institute of Banking. 
At Bexar County National Bank, four officers were elected: Clarence (J. Sobeczek and Charles 
L. Binder vice presidents; (■. Mired Frier, trust operations; and Dane VV. Harlan, trust officer. 
Sobeczek. who joined the bank as credit manager, is current Iv president of the Catholic 
Archdiocesan School Board 
Binder joins the bank a s instalment lending manager' and is a member of the American Insti­ tute of Banking and the Texas Automobile Dealers 
Associat ion 

Prier has had 2o years experience iii banking, and belongs to the local Estate Planners Council. P 
Harlan, a retired Air Force Colonel, comes to the 
Dimk from Sarasota. Fla 

Merlish 

(iuodw iii 

Sobeczek 

Parish 

Itineharl 
Binder 
Prier 

{Marketplace 
■< 

Service Corp. of Retired Executives and the Small Business Adminis­ tration w ill eo-spousor a seminar Tuesday at the Federal Building i oidercneo Boom A-2o8 from M a.in to 3 p.m. Workshop will cover planning aud starting-iip of a small business For more information, call 229-827o 

(iitrusich. Spence. Darilek and Mel lure has been named advertising agent for Calvin G raham s Main LlncolnMercury and 
Frontier Enter­ 

 p rise s. which owns several restaurants i ii Suit Antonio. 

I t ost Bank ( orporation reports yearetid earnings of $2.28 a share, a 24 per cent gain over 81.84 a share for 1975 Net income totaled $4.5 million. 
\ssots were figured at $997 I million, u|> 22 |»er cent from 1975 figures. 

Stanley Smith Security. Inc. has acquired Central (iuard Service. Inc. of 
•New Haven. Conn. The Agency is a subsidiary of Loomis Corp., which specializes iii armored ear and courier operations. 

 watson uisinouung company, inc. has nee ll named one ot jo outstand­ ing dealers for Cushman furl equipment, based on IM7H sales and service programs 

( lunie & Ciaccio \dverlising. Inc. placed second iii the Dallas Adver- 
11 si ng L e a g u e s 1M77 Olympiads competition, wintling two gold medal awards Award-winning advertisements were for Mission Trace, a real estate development, and Victoria Bank & I rust of Victoria. 
Radio Shack has m o nied sales of 885.2 million for January, a 24 |>er cent gam $52 8 million recorded for the sim ilar 1975 period. Sales for the month rose 8H per cent and stores in existence for more than one year were ahead 31 Jw*r cent over 1975 levels. The chain owns itll stores locally 

Mission t its Imports has been appointed dealer for the Swedish-built 
Saab ears. 

INVESTING 

CONTINUED 

 iplion of an increase i lit per cent to 12 per in the investment 
(edit for those com- cs that prefer it lo 
4 |»er cent credit list pay roll taxes it the q u estion s till i v mg many bustic lien and economists bethel* this admmis- jo ti’s ap p ro ach s till too feeble to kick off id e q u a te ris e iii iii- mcnt rank I in A 
Lindsay. 
Ir man of the lick p aud research aud cy chairm an of the imittee for economic clopiuettl. a business ip. told Congress last 
•k that the 
C p l) ped that extra fiscal 
(lulus to increase stinter spending was a tai prerequisite" for 
*e capital investment, disagreed with the 
I that the investment could be "laid solely lie door of sluggish 
! ki t demands ’’ ike many other bu* 
•ssiiicn. Lindsay fon­ ds that the most l iking * deterrent to iness investment is sharp rise iii the cost 

 ot new facilities and the high degree of un cer­ tainty about how much capital costs will spout up 

 iii future years. 
I lie ( H D ’s main pro- posal is tlnd businesses be gjv ell I Ile option of shortening depreeiation periods 
Most oilier countries allow sporter periods for depreciation 
Ilian tile I lilted Stales. 

Iii addition, the C FD would make the 12 lier cent investment tux cre­ dit permanent. 

Some economists ut* that Hie investment credit bt* focused sharply on increases in net in­ vestm ent above some base level, with a m ar­ kedly more generous tax 

Corporations paying out higher dividends now 

By R O B E R T J. C OLE 
NUW YOBK Tim e s s e r v ic e 

NEW YORK — Hundreds of corporal ions have raised their dividends in recent weeks and a flood of new increases is on the way, according to Wall Street experts. 

Dividend increases so far this year, for representative companies, bavt ranged from lit) per cent at Levi 
Strauss, the apparel company, to 22 per cent at Brietol-My ors. the toiletries house, to 5 per cent at Nabisco, the cookie maker. 
Among the latest eomnumee to act. 
Owens-Illinois raised the rate to 53 cents a share from 47 cents aud voted a 
UMI per cent stock dividend. Rockwell 
International raised its rate to 55 cents from 5o cents. 

Last month alone, according to a 
Standard & Poor’s tabulation, more companies increased their dividends than in a n y prior January since the mid-195os, when SN P began keeping track of such data. 
Dividend increases (am e from 284 companies, compared with 2o4 a year earlier. An additional 62 companies granted extra payouts w hile 12 re ­ sumed paying dividends for a total of 
BHS favorable div idend actions — a new high for January and up from 281 fa­ vorable actions tfie year before. 

Reasons 

One reason for the strong upturn, executives said, is the likelihood that many companies will be making stock offerings before long to raise money. 
Another reason, they said. is that many investors are displaying a grow­ ing interest in stocks with high divi­ dend yields. 
Alan IV Murray , un economist at Ci­ 

 tibank. noted that executives are 
"sensitive to the fact that, if they ex­ pect to go to the equities market to raiee capital, they lune to assure m- vestors they'll lune a return on their 

 company, which showed a Jo per cent profit drop in the fourth quarter of 1976 and a 2.8 per cent decline for the whole year. 
But Kraft raised it- dividends bv it I 

O ne reason is likelih toil thai companies nill be seeking lo raise m oney later in stock offerings 

JI* tax 

Keep Hp With the 

Arts Through the 

Arts Page 

 in the San Antonio Express 

 investment 
At Merrill Lynch. Pierce, Fenner & 
Smith, the brokerage house. Robert J 
Farrell, v ice president iii charge of mar­ ket analysis, maintained that corpor­ ate profits were up while payout ratios were low and that corporations were 
‘■more aw are that higher-yielding 
Mocks — for example, utilities — are iii favor in the conservative investment climate we have.'” 
Ile noted that the Dow-Jones utility average advanced 29 per cent last year while the Standard N Poor's index of 
JOO stocks climbed IO I per cent iii the same period. 
Basic change 

Starting about three years ago. F a r­ rell caid. a basic change iii investment philosophy began taking shape after many investors bad lost money iii the stock market 

Their disappointment with market perform ance, he said, has caused many people to look for a definite re­ turn — a dividend. Moreover, he ad­ dl'd. pension reform legislation has brought a shift iii thinking toward 
"getting a return" on investments 

With few exceptions, the upward di­ vidends trend has been associated with rising profits 
One exception is Kraft Inc . the food 

 per cent. A company spokesman ex plained that the directors felt that di- v i(lends were “ lower than they ought to be to attract and maintain investors " 
As an indication of management at tent ion to dividend payouts, the spokesman added that Kraft paid an annual dividend last year of 82 12 a share at a time when earnings were s J 88 a share l ins represent scil a payout rate of 
43.ti per cent of earnings, or “ below our historical rate. which was is 2 per cent iii the last fixe veals 
Dramatizing the impact of div ulends 

 on investors now. a M e rrill Lynch study a year ago on 1975 performance showed that stocks yielding more than 
I per cent had significantly outper­ formed stocks yielding less than I per cent 
Neither Merrill l ynch nor Citibank finds anything particularly unusual iii the upward div aloud trend 
“ January was a continuation of the trend of the last year and a h alf.’’ 
Farrell remarked He said Ii*' also ex peeled more increases “ maybe for the next six months — or longer 
“ l lie concern for dividends is nor­ mal.’’ Murray of Citibank said “ The experience of the 198os — an expecta­ tion of (puck capital gains — was the exception rather than the rule.” 
Ile too expects further dividend lit creases “.ll looks as if corporate pro lits will l ist'.'' lie said, "w hile the ex peetatiotis of economists arc for an above-average increase iii production possibly as high as a > per cent gain iii real output (against roughly 3.5 per cent for tin' last JO years) 
That means corporations will have funds to increase dividends, and we expect they will 

Central Park Bank approves offering 

C entral 
P a rk 
Bank stockholders have ap ­ proved sale of stock with proceeds going to the bank, announced 
R i­ chard P. Lane, bunk president 
To be offered to stock­ holders of record. Fob 
25. will be 21 shares for each loo held. 
The stockholders meeting was held Feb. 
15 
Lane reporled a 
38 per cent increase in de­ p o s i t s during the past year. with deposits reaching $52.2 million, compared to 837.7 million iii 1975. 

He a l s o announced a net profit, alter taxes of 
8488.5o4 iii 1978. a 75 per cent increase over 1975. w itll earnings of 81 18 per share 
Re-elected to the bank s board were: Don­ ald \V. Becker, president. 
Fox-Stanlcy Photo P ro ­ ducts. Inc.: Tom Benson. president. Tom Benson 
Chevrolet. Inc.: John N 
Boohnie. vice president. 
(tov em inent Personnel 
Mutual Lite Insurance 
Co.; 
Stephen 
Burns, rancher: and Richard I). 
< arlyon. president. R i­ chard Carlyon < o. 

A ls o . J a m e s I). 
D e ­ 

 ment . developer-iuvcs- tur: 
F re d ric k 
Frek. 
Alice. Tex rancher and banker: Ivan W 
Fitz- water, superintendent. 
North Fast independent 
School District; Roy R 
( ioiizales. ort bodoni M ; 
Louis ll 
Pitiuk. presi­ dent. The Pitiuk Group; 
W <) Poole, drilling con­ tractor; and Stanley I) 
Rosenberg, attorney, Op- pcuhcmimer. Rosenberg. 
K c llc h c r N W heatley. inc. 
In addition to Lam*. who serves as a director, the hank s advisory dir­ ector is It 
Ibm Roddy. senior v ice president 
Newspaper chain gains 

 in yearly net incom e 

 llarte-Hanks Newspapers. Inc. re­ ported a JI |H*r cent increase in net income for the year, said Robert ti 
Mar but. president and chief executive officer 
Not income ut SIO 5 million was recorded for the year, or $2.41 a share, compared to 88 o million, or $1 84 a share, iii 1975. he said 
Revenues for the year were $118 7 

 million, compared to 891 4 million for 
1975. or an increase o! 28 per cent 
Fourth quarter earnings, he said. were 78 cents, compared lo 82 cents for the similar 1975 quarter, a 28 per cen! increase Marbut said that the quarter was the company's most profitable 
Revenues for the period were 833 I million, compared to $28.2 million for the similar 1975 period 

FRO M IG 

 credit for new new in ­ vestment o th er econom ists argue that the .Federal 
Reserv e should cont im- blite to the revival of bu­ siness investm ent by bolding down or signifi­ cantly lowering interest rates. 
The stock m arket. 
Prof. Jam e s Tobin of 
Yale maintained, is cur­ rently an unreceptive place for financing new investm ent because equity values are low re­ lative to Hie prices of ca­ pital goods 
This deters not only the floating of new issues but also t he relent ion aud spending of earnings rather than their d istri­ bution to shareowner*. 
. 

The Board of Directors of the 
Alamo National Bank is pleased toannounce the election of 

Bartlett Cocke Jr. to the Board of Directors 

Energy set s e m i n a r is 
T h u r s d a y 

Au energy conservation seminar will he held Feb 21 and March 17 at the 
Institute of Texan Cultures. Hemis­ phere Plaza 

The two seminar, co-sponsored by 
K 
I S Department of Commerce and 
I TS A Continuing education, w ill 
(•(•vet* energy management programs for reducing operating costs aud sav­ ing money for small businesses, says 
Alan Polaiisky. local represent at ive* o| the < bmmeree I leparlment 

Featured speaker will lie Robert 
Shepherd, ailing deputy assistant sc crctary for resources. I s 
Depart­ ment of ( binm en e 

( Miler speakers include Don Thomas. 
City Public Service Board, and Dave 
I >av idsou, energy consultant 
Discussion ol energy conservation in areas o| food aud food processing manufacturing and retailing will be led by Dave Adel hold. plant industrial engineer. IMH Foods. Howard Moi rison. chiel engineer. Mission Valley 
Mills Int . New Braunfels. J Iv Rice. district operations manager. Montgo­ mery Ward. South Texas district, aud 
W av ne Thompson plant engineer 
H JR Foods 
Registration fee is sill aud enroll men! is limited For more information. call 227 91 IT 
Building group sets deadline for com petition 

I he Alamo City Build­ ing 
O w ners’ aud 
Managers Assn has been announecda third annual building the year compe­ tition. said David Lewis, chairm an of the 1977 competition 
Competition is open to all buildings within the greater San Antonio ur­ ea. he said. 
Buildings to be consi­ 

 dered must have been built or remodeled from lull 
I. 1972. to Dee JI 
1978 
Deadline tor lins year’s entries is April I. he said 
The w inner will be announced iii May at an awards banquet 
For more information about judging classifica­ tions. and building cate­ gories. rail 826-5589 

W E NEED 

CONTRACT 

WORK 

 light poikuging, as­ sembling, manufacturing by Handicapped workers in Quality Control Shel­ tered workshop We Pick up and Deliver 

PH. 349-5267 

I lilied < l i t e r a l 
Palsy Association 

733A liMn-Catef 
Son Antonio. TX 7o3o 

> Excellent Investment 
Is Opportunity in 
1 1 
/ 
Apartments 

D ep artm en t of lloii-ing mid I than Development invite* bid- on lite fo llo w in g p ro p e rtie s 

Springdale Garden* Apartment*. 
Austin. Texas 

I wools-live IHM - and two—lot s walk tip budding- etniiaiiimg Hoi oui!', phi- bott .o c c u r s budding* I'm alod al P O I Oak Spriug- 

I It i v e . 

Skv ha veil Apartments, 
Oklahoma (lily. Oklahoma 

 lig h t Is*o —lo r\ w alk up building- eu olaio io^ ». m ill* ho ated at 
"(m ilt Mas Xvi |to« 

M I M M I VI R R M I 
T E R M * : AIM 

R I O I I R E H I T I M M I : 

MDII I ION VI MI I I It VMII X 
CHOPE!! I ll s VKI DI 11 HI l» X 

 n u l l i n g li» l I- in,K IM u n * *1 (o f im * *ti>i« 
I g ii n ; J n<*t|iiitwHlr int* f* *t -Mi* tis in 
Vt u lt >la tint v 
Crop* iii#- 
X* 
J- 
• pfnfM'ft* hr* nm*-* jv jib U i . tin I'»• **|*» * 

 lit * I * j im . iii M i* a lly m a lle d Iii M K I. 
I n have X'Hrt nam*' pljt* iii nu (Iii* m itlin.' 
11.1, m ill un *nuf letterhead to the ail ill! — -lim* ii |i*-lnvi 

N ill N u tc il M i n i m u m 

.I -11 Net (it 111 Ii 
• «d f i l D rmg Erie** vs itll Bid 

• d a m r a l f In - ill'* 

 m il SIN C K O s rH .1 l S H ilt ( i n u ­ r n IN XI 
IN FO RM (T IO * . 
All bid* rmj-t ion (ut in lo prn-j**«lo- I--uni tty the 
I >• pat tm* tit Mail imtpntt for ptmpfflM- 

-I VI I I) H ills w i l l ML HI < LIM lr 
W O Cl HI ll I V O PEN ED VI I I OO 
S M IIM VI T IM E M XH! II 23,1977 
XI 
X OIIM ENS SH O W N lit LOW . 

I In- I’m* lit-** mid pill* (dr ha pas tm til i*f tile lull pureha** luke tit *#-h. 

Mull t h is (OUI* Hi toxins t o o l M um pnwptttus 

Si od hi*- 11 ii ti t«-«l t ute*l y without obligation a 
I'fo-ptn IU- bn 
HUD 

OirXHIMlMOI t \ nm 
HOI "INI, XVI* 
I IIH XN III XI I OCMI M 
N.... 

(Ifltt l id Co p* lit ll|»|i*i»llim» «,»_— 

({....rn 
Id Tib ......-W 
— —~ w idiMitfi*... P i .’mu* 

 t w-oi M M I A- *.i a 

 d Ct'i|« ti) ) t a 
[QUAI HOUSING 
OPPORTUNITY 

4 
I 

Son Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— Sunday February 2o 1977 
Spring’s getting shorter as stores push summer 

By ISADORE BARM ASH 
NEV/ VORK TIMES SERVICE 
N EW YORK - Not unlike tho abrupt change in the weather from bitter to balmy, the nation's stores are rushing the seasons. 
Forgotten — or, at least, pushed aside are the still vivid memories of frigid temperatures and blizzards that blanked out some traffic and failed to excite reaction to winter clearances. 
M any stores, especially in th*' 
Northeast, are still stuck with sizable inventories of winter coats and outer­ wear. Despite multiple markdowns in the last few weeks, shelves and racks are hoax ily laden. 
But spring apparel, ordered weeks ago. are now on lull display in stores everywhere, even in cities where snow defies a thaw? And retailers are giving with the lightweight, bright hued ap­ parel heavy advertising with massive fashion sketches and complete window support. 

Yet. these stores, as their counter­ parts throughout the nation, are con­ centrating on spring. It is not ooh the 

 second-best season to sell apparel next to fall. But since it is increasingly m erging into sum m er as far as consumer buying is concerned, 
It is also the link to hot-weather bu­ siness. “ Spring is the key that opens the door to almost a half-year’s vo­ lume,” a fashion merchant observed. 
The pressure of one season’s prob­ lems crowding against another’s has not allowed retailers to forget that for two spring seasons in a row they had much more inventory than they could sell 
“ We re in better shape In our stocks both in winter and spring goods than we were last y e a r,” reported Alan 
G ilm an, president of Abraham & 
Straus. 
But the head of one of the metropo­ litan area’s largest department store chains added. “ People are buying spring merchandise and our dress bu­ siness has strengthened a bit — but I think that spring will be a difficult season Sales won’t come easily.” 
Holding oft 
Perhaps because ol the season's un­ certainty. retailers generally are re­ ported to be holding off on summer orders “ We haven’t reordered for spring yet.” a Fifth Avenue merchant 

 said at the weekend. “ So who wants to worry about summ er?” 
Perhaps wearied by the prolonged winter bite, consumers are buying spring, or spring-like goods. Soft-fa- bric dresses of all types of styling are reported beginning to move well while a groundswell trend appears to lie de­ veloping in 14-carat gold jewelry and gold items and trim in general 
“ A touch of gold is what everyone seems to want,” observed (’atherine 
Kelly, senior vice' president, of l ieder- irh Atkins Inc., th*1 New York m er­ chandising arid reasearch office for about 45 ma tor stores around the country. “ They want it iii handbags, on belts and even on denim pants.” 
“ Fo u rteen c a ra t gold jew elry is walking out tin' store,” said a W a­ shington, D C , retailer. 
Sportswear, the mainstay of apparel departm ents through the long-sus­ tained drought of dress sales, con­ tinues to earmark spring business, re­ tailers generally said. “ One thing we’re looking to with real hope is Hie so-called ‘sun-dress,’” said Miss Kelly of Atkins, “ the dress with the jumper look that small women and girls seem i<i like so much. Perhaps the mon* mature and larger woman will want ii both in spring ami slimmer 

In men’s wear, three piece, or vested suits are strong, also having been Hie' mainstay in men’s clothing depart­ ments after the leisure-suit waned. lf Spring appears to be joining 
Summer as one prolonged season — 
(’veil spring dresses and ensembles are being made iii summcrweight fabrics 

— Hie* cruise season seems to have 1>e>- eorne entwined with spring. 
Mixed 

But. some retailers claim that their 
El'ii i se - w Eg! r b ii s I ii E!ss has declined sharply, although others claim it has remained good. The seasons, it ap­ pears. may be m erging si ii Ere consumers are buying what they want when they want — not necessarily hasnt I on the season. 
As far as the spring season in con­ cerned,” Miss Kelly said, “ you wonder if it is a seasEin, the way it comes and goes and before you know it (tm weather is HO degrees. Maybe that's why women are buying linen suits to­ day instead of gabardine.” 
The rush to tim seasons is also being combined with a close watch on inven­ tories, most retailers said, iii an effort ti* avoid tIie* heavy markdowns that tliev have suffered iii two preceding spring season. 
Index expert sees no inflation upswing 

B y l l . J . 
M AID EN BKRG 

NEW YORK TIMES SERVICE 

N E U Y O R K - The 
Comm odity 
Research 
Bureau’s index of futures prices has been rising for two months Can an in- tlatnmary upswell be far behind? 
Not for al all. accord­ ing to W illiam L .1 ibm. president of Hie’ leading statistical organization in the commodity industry 
As he noted in an inter- v lew: 
“ One month normally tells us little.” he said 
‘Bul a steady tWEi-month advance, particular*y in the face Elf huge world­ wide supplies Elf most key raw materials, points to inflation ” 
At the week’s end the 
C H B imlex Elf futures prices, which is tin- most closely watched indicator in that industry, closed at ilk ti. (lfW>7KMp, up from 
217 I a week earlier and lh!) 2 on the comparable 
IhTii date 
The iiieIcx is based on 
27 commodities, uh bul mg grains and son bi-un products, livestock and meats, oilseeds, indus­ trial raw m aterials anil imported foodstuffs and wool. 
.Iller pointed out that gold bullion was absent from his index because 
“ lls price movements do not necessarily reflect the prices in the coni pus dity m a rk ets.’ ’ 
But silver. another specula­ tive metal is included because <>t its imiHirtaiit tole iii m anufacturing photographic, electronic and many other pro­ duct'* 

Just In*low 
The inElex now stands univ 12 points below the recent high Elf 22o.7 set last Ju ly ti. The record was 2H7.K, posted on Fell 
2ti. 
I ti 7 4. during the height of the Arab oil em bargo when scare buying of all commo- dines was th** rule. 
Although all commodi­ ty sjH’Eiahsts interx iou int last week agreed that in flat ion signals were I flashing, some offered different reasons hir tin' the behavior (it the index 
To one bmker. it was a I 
“ chicken or egg” situa­ tion, ’ I certainly respect the index.” he said, “ but j 
I often wonder whether it is following the market or leading it ” 
Another broker em ­ phasized that the go­ vernm ent’s Bureau of 
Labor Statistics who* lesale cash commodity price index of 24 items I lags behind the F R B fi­ gures by a few weeks, but generally tends to con­ firm it. 
The two Indexes have diverged sharply al times, in the summer of 
1975 and the spring of last year for instance 
But iii both cases the 
(‘KB index quickly dropped to close with the 
BLS figures 

Difference 
One reason, obviously, is that the B L S index covers cash prices in the immediate market while the F R B reflects prices of commodities for future delivery 

Another reason for the tendency of futures prices to generally run a In ive' E'ash prices is the growing movement by commodify users bi om- 

 ploy the futures market as both a warehouse and banker. 
Rather than pay inter­ est to finance the p ur­ chase of raw materials or 

 spend money' to store tliEMii until usE'd, manu­ facturers are obtaining lliE'ir goods by either for­ ward contracting nr by buy ing futures contracts. 

What’s new at 
Turtle Creek! 

Lots of things are happening to make the best country club in town even better. 

Frank Willson has been selected as our new 
General Manager. 

Big name entertainment is being scheduled. Stars and dates will be announced soon. 

Architects have been engaged to redesign and redecorate much of the club building. 

Phil Harkins — our popular pro — has teed o ff an expanded golf program. 
And, our banquet facilities (by far the best in town) feature new menus and super service 

Frank Willson invites members"and prospective members to enjoy the lavish lunch buffet and find out more about whats happening at The New 
Turtle Creek Country Club. 

For membership information and a tour of the club call 696-56oo. Pro Shop 696-5555. 

FURNITURE CO. 

 rn;- 

_ 
A S n 

CATALINA 
BEDROOM 

Was 
NOW 

 a. Woven headboard 
....................$231. * 1 8 4 . 

 b. Night stand................................. $219. ‘ I 7 5 . 

 c. Chest .........................................$439. ‘ 3 5 1 . 

 d. Triple dresser/mirror ................$681 ‘ 5 4 4 . 

SAVE ON FINE FURNITURE BY 

( hd t/ecottfcts /tie attritus ti nu ta th 

 ie assist yen at nr exha chaltje 

NEW ACCOUNTS INVITED' 
Installment Plans — Extended Credit 
National Credit Cards: Diners Club 
Carte Blanche, Master Charge, 
Bank Artier Icard, American Express. 

> r:* 

 e. Triple dresser/twin mirrors 

 t. Night stand 
.......... 

 g. King size headboard........ 

 h. Arm oire....................................... S 935 

ST MORITZ 
BEDROOM 

Wat 
NOW 

$1.o95 
3 2 9 . 

S 255. 
2 1 6 

J 465. '3 9 5 . 

7 9 4 . 

T 

13 

 it r * 
ESCOT 
~ I ? 

" C t . 

^ l f l r ar v I 
I ' 
^ 
(ii 
V 

* 
CATALINA DINING ROOM 

Was 
NOW 

». Arm chairs, each of two .......... 
$ 
229 ‘ 1 8 3 . 

 j. Side chairs, each of four 
....,.$ 2o9 ‘ 1 6 7 . 

 k. Glass top dining table ............ 
$ 
299 ‘ 6 3 9 . 

I. China, each 
K. . . . . .$1.349 ‘ 1 o 7 9 . 

Three exquisite rooms by one of our greatest manufacturers. See now, save now, during our Winter Sale. 

N O RTH SD E • Rector St. EDpposite N sta r Mall ‘ Open Mon& Thurs. til 9«Phone 342 9411 

/ 

By B A R B A R A and DAN LEW IS 
The leaves were beginning to turn and tall but Lou Walters paid little attention as he took his wife, Dena, to the hospital. 
Ile was remembering the time five years earlier when they had waited happily for the arrival of their first child, and then sud­ denly their lives fell in on them. 
The baby, Jackie, was retarded. 
Now, with the second baby due mo­ mentarily, neither of them wanted to mention it. but as the car headed toward New England Hospital in the 
Roxbury section of Boston, their minds were on the same thought — could it happen again? 
Loa paced the floor nervously while 
Dena was in labor. There were other expectant fathers there on September 
25, 1929, but none of them were aware of the ag o n y he suffered. Finally, Dr. 
Troupin poked his head through the door. “ Lou. you have a line, healthy baby girl " 
Loo Walters leaned against a chair, then slowly lowered his wiry frame into the seat. In s hands cupping his face, his eyes welling with tears. The new baby, whom they had decided to 

As one of the world's most im ­ portant women. Barbara W alters has had her share of publicity. Most of it has been bad. or mean, or picky. 

 indeed, the nastiness of her fellow 

 communicators sometimes seems to ha\e settled unfairly on Walters. 

But few stories have looked at her 

 personally — at her life, and how she feels about herself, her family, those around her. 

 name Barbara, was normal. 
For the moment, lit* could think of nothing else. lh* tried hiding his tears and choking his pleasure when he thought of Ja ck ie , a darling, sweet child whom lie and Dena adored. 

Pleasures 
Jackie would always need them ami lose them, but Barbara was to give them pleasures beyond their imagina­ tion. 
The Walters were then living on Old 
Field Road in Dorchester, a predo­ minantly middle-class Jewish section of Boston. As Lot! began to make 

Itll rim ra til liir^e 

She may have been shy once but now 
B arb ara gets ar-1 ound. She s inter-* viewed former Pre­ sident 
N ixon 
(above), his wife Pat 
(left), Sen. Ted Ken­ nedy (low er left), the 
Fords in the 
W h ite House (b e ­ low ) and then-Se- cretary of 
State 
H enry 
Kissinger 
(right). 

Syndicated journalists Barbara 

 and 
Dan 
L e w is ’ new book, 

B A R B A R A W A L T E R S : T V ’S S I - 
BY R LA D Y , presents a remarkable story of an American superstar wo­ man. probably a shy unsure woman as a celebrity. 

Through dozens of interviews we 

 see the real Barbara Walters, not only as a multi-million dollar star, but as a wife, mother and uncoil)-1 
• ortable adolescent. 

 money as a booking agent, he moved 
Ills family lo Brookline, where other prospering Jewish families were mov­ ing. 
Dena to o k care o f her child ren. cooked and baked, making rich foods lo fatten up her husband. 
Delia's pleasure was bet; children. 
L o u 's was playing cards. But Lim 
Walters played for big stakes, losing more often than lie won. friends recall. 
In later years, when Lou took over the Latin Quarter in New York. lie be­ came a regular ai the F ria r's Flub, playing gin with showman Mike Todd aud publicist David Crcen. F ria r s 
Chil) members still talk about the day 
Loa Walters lost SJOJMIU iii cash in a gin game vvitll Todd. 

Quirt 
Barbara was a relatively quiet, but extrem ely bright child. She made friends cautiously, fearing that her schoolmates would tease her about her sister, whom she and her parents loved. Even as she grew older. B a r­ bara was w ary of bringing people home and sought out intelligent friends who would understand. 
One friend, now a child therapist, says that Barbara was deeply affected by her sister s handicap. “ She suffers from the surviving sister complex,” the friend contends. 
Barbara rarely talked about Jackie except when she met someone with a similar problem. It was not until she interviewed Muriel Humphrey on “ The 
Today Show '' that she talked openly of her sister s retardation. 
Barbara has admitted that she was often asked if she were an on Iv child 

 and that sin* would reply that she had a sister who lived with her parents 
When Barbara finally mentioned ber sister s problem, it was a relief. B ar­ bara felt that she herself had matured 
In doing so. and was even happier when Jackie told her sin* had watched the program and was delighted that 
Barbara had mentioned both her and tin* fact that sin* helped to teach the retarded. 
New York 
When Barb ara was iii the eighth grade, the fam ily moved to a large apartm ent on New Y o rk 's < ontral 
Park West. During this period. B a r­ bara attended the Fieldston School iii 
Riverdale. Sin* attended Fieldston only 
Iwti years, then the family uprooted again, moving to a mansion on Miami 
Beach's Palm Island, not far from the 
Latin Quarter. 
B y then. Lott W alters aud his partner. E.M 
Loevv. were operating 
Latin Quarters in New York and Mia­ mi Life couldn't have been better for hon Walters. Ii couldn't have been un­ happier for bis fifteen-year-old daughter. 
■ 
Barbara was once again laced with making now friends, and (fie crowd ai 
M iam i Beach High School was not overly receptive. 
Fortunately for Barbara, the W alters family stayed in Florida only a year. 
W hen they returned to New York. they moved into a large apartment on Fifth 
Averin** and Barbara transferred to the 
Birch Wat hen School, within walking distance of her home. 
Once again she was forced into a new classroom situation. Fortunately sin* had a close friend in Amy Sell ever. whom sin* had met at Fieldston. and they resumed their friendship almost immediately. To this day. Amy says, the two of them may not see each other for extended periods of tim e, but whenever they do get together, they are able to pick up the conversation as if uninterrupted. 
At Birch Wilt hen. Barbara became a member of the Literary Club, but did not d istinguish herself in any particular arca. She was graduated in 
1947 in the top quarter of her ( lass, aud in the fall she entered Sarah Lawrence 

Page 

February 2o, 1977 

 as a member of the Class of ’51 
She had four years to make friends aud the friends she made then*, she made for a lifetime. She been me the president of her dorm, preferring to live ai school rather than commute the few minutes from Manhattan to the campus in Bronxville, the exclusive 
Westchester suburb of New York 
Meanwhile, Loll W alters' fortunes were alternately flourishing and falling. When he was'a partner with 
F M 
Locw iii the Latin Quarters, lie made several unsuccessful attempts to go into business oil his own. He in­ vested iii three Broadway shows, all of winch flopped, lh* bough! into a Lake 
Ta bm* casino which his ex-partner de­ scribes as “ on tin* wrong side of the lake. Ile lost his shirt." 
In I9HH. Lot! W alters' bankruptcy petition in New York’s Southern Dis­ trict listed debts of $IH4 (MHI He had sold his interest iii the Latin Quarter eight years before to E M 
Locw for 
.SI JU.DIM) 
Fond 
E M was fond of Loo. Ile had known hun since Loll came over from Lindon as a boy of 15, the son of a tailor who had anglicized the family name from 
\ niters. 
E M. knew Loo when Loo was a bonking agent with an office iii the addicent building, across the street from Boston t ominous E M recalls that Loo was liked iii the business, got 

 along well with the help as well as tho performers, and had an instinct for talent 
So E M gladly hired him to run the 
New York Latin Quarter until it was closed iii I MHS after the chorus girls went out on strike It was the last of tin* 
Three Latin Quarters to shul down. 
W Uh the dosing of the chih, Loll and 
Dena retired to Florida By 19U9, Bar­ it.ira was making a substantial solar on “ The Today Show'' and was m ar­ ried to Lei* Cuber, a successful pro­ ducer 
Barbara had once asked Lou follow­ ing one of his shaky business ventures. 
Daddy. what is going to become of us ll you lose all your money?" 
Now Barbara took over the respon­ sibility of supporting lier parents aud sister 

 l f ) 19/6 BY ham Baka ANO D A N U W IS Armied with tVrnHtimn yd Bemat Ie ft oak % 
M O M ) i \ i,, I fit’ .V im : 

'o n b c / fc re thai m a n ? " lh, 

W ith her la te st c o lle a g u e , 
H a rry R e a so n e r 

Half and large Size fashions 

S I Z E S 1 2 » 2 to 2 2 '/i 

Sweater Dressing 

It s a versatile jacket iii lo i>111 on now anil wear into the 
Spring season. \ lightweight knit sweater jacket in Haw or red w it Ii an intarsia design, over a matching short sleeve dress. OI eusv-care polvester. S I H 

They call her 

Barbara 
Or is it 
'B abw a? 9 

Country is 

2 4 H ours 

San Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— Sunday February 2o 1977 

Power 
Players 

ONLY one Texas congressm an on 
. that list of 8o congressmen named as 
LOOK for M ay o r 
LILA COCK* sponsors of ihe Congressional Pay 
R ELL’S publicists to surface with a 
Raise Deferral Act as of Fell. 8 . . . that co m p re h e n siv e poll s o m e tim e th is would lie U. S. Rep. 
JIM COLLINS, w eek re fle c tin g h e r m a y o rs h ip is 
R ep u b lican , of D allas . . . the act com fortably ahead in her bid for re- sim ulates Congress can't vote itself an. election, and Dr. JOSE SAN MARTIN increase in salary while it is in office closing fast on businessm an JOHN 
. . . one sponsor. Rep. STAN LUNDINE 
MON FR EY 
. 
. 
. 
COCKRELL and of New York, notes public confidence 
MONTREY were in a runoff two years in C ongress is p erilo u sly low , and ago, when Dr. 
SAN MARTIN didn't avoiding a vote on the pay raise would run . . . fu rth e r erode that confidence . . . 
LUNDINE also wants a strict code of 
DOCTOR SAN MARTIN made a big ethics passed PRIOR to any pay raise, hit with the ladies of the San Antonio 
Republican Women s Club last week . . the doctor was loose (in the hest sense of the word) and at his charm ing best . 
. the five m ayoral candidates were joint speakers at the club, and Mrs. 
COCKRELL never had a chance to rebut the bolts MONTREY tossed in her direction . . . 

 with a prohibition on earned outside in co m e . . . South T e x a n s will be pelting each other with snowballs in 
August before that last occurs . . . 

REPORTS heating un that GARRY 
MAURO, an ace political strategist who played such a large part in Con­ g ressm an 
BOB K R U E G E R ’S first successful cam paign, will be signing on again as Congressman KRUEGER eves a p o ssib le U.S. S e n ate ra c e against Sen JOHN TOWER . . . such a race would pit two of the top cam ­ paign spenders in Texas against each other . . . MAURO, who recently quit 
State C o m p tro ller BOB BULLOCK, m et KRUEGER at the airport when the congressman arrived in Austin to address the Texas legislature . . . 

 front of the Alamo . . . that little statue of the founder of the Alamo carries a 
$2o,MO price tag for the public . . . 

Potpourri 

People and Politics 

AND MONFREY received a Polish 
Heritage Award at the fifth annual Co­ pernicus Ball last F riday . . . his heri­ tage is Italian, but at this particular point rn tim e politicos e m b ra c e all heritages, races, colors and creeds . . . alt the mayoral candidates, for exam ­ ple- were expected to p articip ate in 
Black Heritage Week activities 

 the payroll to coordinate Mayor LILA 
COCKRELL’S East 
Side re-election cam paign . . . th ey 're trying to get black leaders to a Feb. 24 rally at the 
East Side Multi-Service Center to see just what kind of black support the mayor can draw . . . 

Boiler 
Room 
Ca ai pa ifs a rn i see ll a n ea 

SINCE the m ayor's is the only race in the April city election which is run city-wide, it’ll be gathering most of the p u b lic ity . . . the SAN .ANTONIO 
PRESS CLUB will be having all the mayoral candidates in for a quiz an hour-and-a-half after the filing dead­ line at 4:BO p.m . M arch 2 . . . and 
Sigma Delta Chi, the journalistic so­ ciety. will play host to the m ayoral candidates at 5:iio p.m. March 4 . . . 

BEATING the pressmen and gals to the punch, however, will be the SAN 
ANTONIO DEMOCRATIC LEAGUE 
. . . all the mayoral candidates have been invited to address the league and field questions at 7:3o p.m. Thursday in the Courthouse TraveLodge . . . 

THE Socialist Workers Party field­ ing one of the smallest tickets in the history of San Antonio city elections . . 
. the party is running a ticket of two, 
S U S A N G A R R Y for m a v o r and 
ANDRES GONGALEZ for District ti councilman . . . 

B E X A R C ounty Sens. 
FR A N K 
LOMBARDINO and 
GLENN KOTH­ 
MANN didn t break into tears when 
H arris County Sen. JACK OGG added a grandfather clause to the unlimited fire fighters' and policemen's unlim it­ ed accrued lump sum sick pay bill 
. . at le a s t, not eno u g h te a r s to wet spectators . . . 

AND 
LOMBARDINO has another goodie for the public . . that would be a s ta tu e of 
F R A Y ANTONIO SAN 
B U E N A V E N T U R A O L IV A R E S in 
ATTORNEY EARL HILL ; sic promoter T. C. CALVERT 
Common turning pomt 

 r o w TiMfS M R vtei 
WASHINGTON - 
Som etim es an or­ ganization just gets lucky: 

 cd would be a “ long, long fight." 
And Common C ause's record is indeed one to inspire self-confidence. 
Credit 

Can a highly effective national lobby survive the departure o f its found in fs fa th e r ? 
AND City Council candidate JOSE 
EST ALA g av e up h is post as 
Republican precinct co m m itteem an from Precinct 146 to run for the council 
. . . his District 6 isn t exactly a bee­ hive of Republican activity, hut the city election is non-partisan . . . JOE is a volunteer fireman and substitute teacher, and will graduate this year from UTSA with degrees in history and political science . . . as a Navy man. he participated in the recovery of Apollo 

 g isle red lo b b y ist. But 
G ard n e r, a R epublican dear to many Democratic hearts. “ Mr. Clean Go­ vernm ent” himself, em ­ bodies the organization's 
\ irtues for many people. 
G a rd n e r sa y s tin' o rg a n iz a tio n will c o n ­ tinue to flourish. David 
Cohen, who as Common 
( a use president has had the operational responsi­ bility for the past two y e a rs, a g re e s . O th e rs p redict the g ro u p m ay lose a few m em bers 
Problems 

 founding. Common Cause has developed into the most active and probably the m ost effec tiv e , as well as the largest, pub­ lic affairs lobbying group in the country. 
Questions 

But for s c l e r a l r e a ­ sons. a m o n g th em the im p e n d in g d e p a r tu r e from the chairmanship of its fo u n d e r, Jo h n W. 
G ardner, the “ Citizens’ 
Lobby” is fating im por­ tant q u e s tio n s w h o se answ ers will determine* its long-range survival. 
First is tile question of whether it has generated eno u g h .m o m e n tu m to c a r ry it th ro u g h 
G ardner's stepping down from the leadership. 
IU* does in te n d , he sat s. to remain active in 
C om m on C ause and to retain his status as a re­ 

 in the early sum m er of 
1973. Common Cause sent out a n atio n al m a ilin g piece whose envelope was stam ped with the weirds 
“ For Sale The I S. Go­ v e r n m e n t'' in bold le t­ ters. 
Som e m e m b e rs w ere distressed , others were outraged — but not long afterward the Watergate sc andal went public. 
Whether through coin­ cidence or prescience or a com bination of these. 
Collution Cause was onto an issue whose time had come. Its m em bership in the next months rose to a record high of 33o.(NHI. 
Now it appears to have s ta b iliz e d at about 
25tMftN) m em bers, each of whom pays at least 815 a 
\ earl iii nontax-deductible dues* and most of whom pay a lot more. 
Some ti> a years after its 

WOMEN'S POLITICAL Caucus fun- draiser at $2.5o a head with cash bar, o th e r r e f r e s h m e n ts for m e m b e r s seeking City Council seats in the April race . . . at the Cos House in historic 
La Villita Wednesday 7 to 9 p.m. . . . h o n o rees in c lu d e LOU B E T A N ­ 
COURT running in District 5, E FFIE 
BLANDIN in District 2. KAY BROWN in District 6 and HELEN DETMER in 
District 3 . . , 

“ T h ere's no e\ ideat e that w e're going to run out of p r o b le m s .’’ 
Gardner said in a recent 
Interview 
And tin* group is gear­ ing up lor an intensive cam paign to pass a fm- ancing Gill for co n g res­ sional elections sim ilar to that a l i e n i n g p r e s i­ dential ones 
“ We will have to fight every inch of the way.” lie said. noting such a lull would cut sharply into the re-electio n a d v a n ­ tages of just those House and Senate incum bents who would have to write the law . 
But both G ardner and 
Cohen say they are confi­ dent it can he done in tim e for the 1978 c o n ­ g re ssio n a l elec tio n s. idler what Cohen corned- 

Around 
Town 
They are the people, he said. who read zeus paper editorials; who have the education to g ra s p the significance to the iodi­ 

 ne added the single-tax idea was “ a nice notion.” 
But the group had even been able to agree on a plan th a i would m ean h ig h e r ta x e s for th o se w ith in c o m e s above 
$2o,ooo and low er for those with incomes below that figure. 

C om m on C a u se, one man deeply familiar with its workings believes, is likely to have le s s and le s s of a “ defining and pioneering ro le” in the future. But he believes it 
Is likely to endure iii its rob* of monitor. 

T ax r e fo rm , Cohen sa id , is the issu e the m e m b e r s h ip has ludo ated it believes to la* most important Hut it is also an explosively d i­ visive issue because one jman's tax reform is often another's bank balance 

Cohen, nut unnaturally, 
Itelieves it is badly need­ ed. and will continue to play a v ital role, as a 
“ countervailing force to interests that have to ad­ vocate specific ends — so m eo n e h as to th in k ab o u t the s y s te m as a 
I whole. 

 lf the g ro u p m oves toward involvement with such 
“ sin g le issue* fights, one know ledgea­ ble observer predicted. 

WALL & TRIM SAE 

San Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS-— Sunday February 2o I 977 

Porn kings preying on tots, teens 

Review’ gets applause 

 pose that all of us thought that bemuse we were on television we were fixed, permanently, in the public’s mind I have had to move to public television to find out about TV's impact 
Impact 

That impact for “ Washington Week in Review." which is now celebrating its 1oth anniversary, includes a weekly audience estimated at 
A million 
Mowers, its beme telecast by ahout 2->8 of the nation’s 385 public TV stations. 
Ileitis carried on Armed Forces Radio 
& TV Network and by most of the Na­ tional Public Radio Stations, and by its receiving tho most civilized, most li­ terate fan mail in all of television. 
The death in December of panelist 
Peter l.isagor brought over .'ton letters and they are still coming. Almost uni­ formly, the letter writers compare the loss of Lisagor to the loss of a personal. 

 fam ily friend. Wrote one: “ With 
(Welsh poet) Bob Dylan. I hope In* did not go gentle into that good night.’ I am still raging at tin' loss of a friend.’’ 
Duke and producer FU era Ruby are still searching for a replacement for, 
I isagor. a panelist who combined his unfailing good humor, sharp insight and plain talk with a solid under­ standing of the \tnerican political system. The balance of the panelists’, personalities created what stunt* letter writers call "four well-informed men that I am pleased to have iii my living room every week. . . 
The cont inuing regulars are Charles 
( orddry of the Baltimore Sun and Neil 
MacNeil, chief congressional corre­ spondent for Time magazine. Corddry 
— nearly always fighting back a smile 
— is the military affairs expert. Mac* 
Neil is a notable student of the legislative branch. 

W ASHINGTON POST 
WASHINGTON - Paul Duke got a lesson in public response when he moved to public tele­ vision and began moderating UR- 
“ Washington Week in Review.” 

He wasn’t exactly new to mass com­ munications media, having worked for the Associated Press in Richmond. 
Va., and Washington. D C., having been a reporter for The Wall Street 
Journal and a broadcasting congres­ sional correspondent for NBC. Still, the response was different. 
Duke, for example, went to a World 
Series baseball game in Oakland. Ca­ lif., and found himself being stopped in the stands by Ians with a friendly. 
“Why aren’t you in Washington?” 
“ I ’ve learned something,” says 
Duke. "When I was with NHC I sup- 

Even civil libertarians are shocked 

Peter Lisagor 

BankAmericard 

DOITYOURSELF 
HOME CENTERS ! 

 turtle 
(WW 
Murky 

When charges are brought against distributors or bookstores, a labyrinth of fake publishers, fake addresses, murky juvenile and obscenity laws, porno dealers taking the Fifth 
Amendment all protect the photo­ graphers. the recruiters of children and the magazines. 
Take the case of Lollitots. The masthead leads one to believe the ma­ gazine is a eoast-to-eoast operation — published by Delta Publishing Co. Inc* iii Wilmington. Del., and distributed 

Crescent 
8 IN. 
WRENCH 
A D JU S T A B L E 
WITHOUT POP UP 
14 INCH x 5o INCH 
5o FOOT 
LIQ U ID 

O ne la w m a n a lm o s t 
♦ re tch ed whoa he sa w stone o f the pictures 

Chromium plated alloy steel 
Attaches easily to doors or Chrome plated PV C faucet. with polished head 
Hex walls. Complete with simulated Acrylic handles 
W aterless shaped jaws 
No 
AC18V wooden frame 
No. W N 14bo flow control valves. No. 1849 

3 conductor, 13 amp. 12b volt 
For use with electrical appliances toots, etc. No, 23752 63 o21 

12 oz Goes on easier shell finish". Hi(|h qlr 
No TI27 

S4S pine is ideal for home improvements, framing and more1 
Great for garden stakes, hiring strips, picture frames, etc. Ready to 

 paint or stain. 

K A T Y B A R THE DOOR 

 b sided smoothboard cubes 
Unfinished; ready to paint or stain 
Perfect storage for books, toys, etc. 
Assembled 

Adjustable from 2 7 " to 48" 

Screws included. No. 28oo 

Moulding 
Shorts 

6 TO 7 FOOT 
9.99 J ^ 3< 

 rot growth and less 
Plant now tor faster root growth and less transplant shock 
Choose from Stuart or Wichita 
Short lengths of vesartia! moulding. 
Success and more. Should produce nuts 2nd year Assorted lengths and profiles. Handy for many after planting. jobs 
Economically priced 

For foliar or root feeding. 
Wilt not discolor or stain plants 
Clean and odorless. 
Net wt. 8 oz. 

3o INCH 

G lidden 
LADDERBACK 
Chair 
Coloma! design mad# of solid hardwood 
Woven 

 cane seat Peint or stain. 

12 inch seat Crafted unftnithad pine. Paint c stain 
Ignorance 

I Ii I Id pornography is not new, but 
Uh* use of children — and al younger, preteen ages — has developed, with little controversy, iii part because the public has I Ken ignorant on the subject of child |Miriiogruphv aud prostitution 
Public outrage, often an effective extra legal weapon, has only recently begun to grow 
Few of those cilium* 

 who would ubjcct are iii the habit of ht quentlug “ adult** hook stores, aud many newspapers still burs stories on the subject or are reluctant tu run them at all 

Top cov«r*g* and superior hiding 
Fl.ti finish Fast drying matte finish 

Soapy water clean up 

 biracial Doc Coat Coverage formula 
I ates - dries fast 
Easy to apply deans up with soapy water 

San Antonio EXPRESS-NEW S— Sunday February 2o I 977 

 l i t h S U N D A Y 
EXPRESS NEWS 
E d it o r ia l s 

James P. Dolan 
S u n d a y E d ito r 

Charles O . Kilpatrick 
E d ito r a n d P u b lish er 

William J. Reddell 

E d ito r o f the E d ito ria l P a g e 

Legislature should help 

T h e L e g i s l a t u r e is m o v i n g t o w a r d s a n i t y in tax v a l u a t i o n for th e e n tir e s t a t e at a slow but c e r ta in pace. Before s t a t e a n d local ta x p o lic y c a n m a k e a n y s e n s e , at a ll. t h e r e h av e to b e s t a n d a r d \ allies on which to levy taxes. 
B e x a r Bounty is m a k i n g p r o ­ g r e s s to w a r d a sin g le tax v a l u a ­ tion p r o c e s s , 'l'lie L e g i s l a t u r e has b e fo re it the Beveto plan for u n if o r m v alu atio n . T h e L e g is l a ­ t u r e 's concerti is fair allocation of s t a t e funds for school finance. 
P r e s e n t f u n d i n g f o r m u l a e n ­ c o u r a g e s c h e a tin g . 
T h e L e g i s la t u r e should ta k e a n o t h e r s t e p to w a r d honest tax policy. T h a t would be a law to r e q u i r e an y s ta te action that a f ­ fects local b u d g e t s would h a v e to p ro v id e s ta t e fu n d s to c o v e r those actious. R e p e a te d ly , s ta te law — u s u a l l y in t h e g u i s e of local a u d u n c o n t e s t e d b ills — f i x e s p a y s c a l e s f o r lo c a l w o r k e r s and. worst of all so far. w a s th e sic k -p a y p ro v isio n s a d ­ dled on San Antonio. 
T h e r e is e n o u g h b l a m e for t h a t / f i a s c o to go a r o u n d . City 
Hall opposition w a s a m b i v a l e n t or w orse. 
But the f u n d a m e n t a l m i s t a k e w a s a le g isla to r (w ith the tim id consent of the e n t i r e local d e l e ­ g a t i o n ) m e d d l i n g in a m a t t e r city council had not only th e r e ­ sp o n sib ility to h a n d le but had c o m p e t e n c e to ha n d le . T h e city m a n a g e r of th e t i m e did object 

 to the L o m o a r d i n o bill a n d f a ­ v o r e d a n o t h e r , le ss e x p e n s i v e one. but th e r e is e v id e n c e to in­ d i c a t e he e i t h e r d i d n ’t k n o w w h a t lie w a s d o i n g o r l a c k e d p e r c e p t i o n of t h e w r o n g b e i n g done. 
'File L e g is la tu r e h a s its h a n d s full, at th e m o m e n t , t r y i n g to m a n a g e t r e a s u r y w i t h m o r e than o ne-third m o r e m o n e y in it th an it had two y e a r s ago. 
T h e S e n a t e is b e i n g i m p o r ­ tuned by Lf. Gov. Bill Hobby to e x e r c i s e co o l . j u d g m e n t w i t h a v a i l a b l e f u n d s . T h a t e x e r c i s e should i m p r e s s upon all le g isla ­ tors th e p r o b l e m s local councils h a v e w i t h t h a t s a m e k i n d of p r o b l e m . W e h o p e th e l e g i s l a ­ tors will se e the w is d o m in d e ­ c l i n i n g to le t. fo r e x a m p l e , a 
H o u s t o n s e n a t o r t a c k a n a m e n d m e n t on a S a n A n to n io bill for a c l a im a g a in st the tax- pay ors of San Antonio. 
S t r a n g e as it m a y s e e m . that is w h a t h a s h a p p e n e d — an d the 
S e n a t e a l l o w e d it. ll is a p r e ­ p o s t e r o u s p e n a l t y to pay for a l e g is la to r ’s se n se pf fa irn e ss and the S e n a t e 's se n s e of in teg rity of local g o v e r n m e n t . 
W e h o p e this L e g is la tu r e will correct the d a m a g e an d put into law a p r o h ib itio n a g a in s t local b u d g e t - m a k i n g bv t h e s t a t e w it flout f a i r a u d a p p r o p r i a t e c o o p e ra tio n a m o n g the levels of g o v e r n m e n t . A c o m p r e h e n s i v e g r a s p of tin' legislative p r o g r a m and p ro c e ss would be helpful 

LETTERS 

Code o f ethics part o f pay-raise package 

Bay i n c r e a s e s for top fed eral g o v e r n m e n t o f f ic i a l s s e e m a s ­ s u r e d . It w ill be t h e f i r s t i n ­ crease' in pay at those levels i i i five y e a r s . 

B or m ost of us, th e s a la r i e s a r e hig h , but not for c o m p a r a b l e r e s p o n s ib i li t ie s i i i p r i v a t e b u s i ­ n ess a n d in stitu tio n s. 

B u t t h e P e t e r s o n C o m m i s ­ s io n . c h a r g e d wi t h e v a l u a t i n g pay for th e top o l f i n a l s , insisted u pon s t r i c t e r a c c o u n t i n g of i n ­ t e r e s t c o n f l i c t s a u d at h e r i n ­ c o m e a s th e n e c e s s a r y c o m p a n ­ ion to the p a y - r a is e action. 
P r o p o s e d a c c o u n t i n g will be o n e ro u s. S o m e of it s e e m s to be n i t p i c k i n g , a n d w e t r u s t C o n ­ g r e s s will not h e s it a t e to throw out i t e m s of a c c o u n t i n g d e ­ sig ned t<» d e sir e s tin* intent of a g o o d c o d e of e t h i c s . 
But a c c o u n tin g s i m i l a r to that r e ­ q u ir e d bv the In te rn a l R e v e n u e 
S e rv ic e for the rest of us should be a p p li e d to m e m b e r s o| C o n ­ g r e s s an d o th e r top g o v e r n m e n t officials. 

T h e y hold too m u c h p o w e r to even w an t to do it an y o th e r way. 
So. pay t h e m a p r o p e r sa la r y . 
Aud r e q u i r e h on e st expeiise- a c c o u n t s t a t e m e n t s a n d o p e n d i s c l o s u r e of o u ts i d e i n t e r e s t s , 

'ft&CN rn, TS I M THE OFFICE OF THE ...NICE SHOT... HYKE ASSASSINATIONS COMMITTEE5 
H ayes case appears to be double jeopardy 

We h a v e seen the K o rean lobby s c a n d a l e n v e l o p e m a n y m e m b e r s of C o n g ress. W e have s e e n a c h a i r m a n of a H o u s e s u b c o m m i t t e e on m i l i t a r y a p p r o p r i a t i o n s f e a th e r his nest at t a x p a y e r e x p e n s e — and very n early e s c a p e H ouse discipline. 
We h ave seen the C o n g re ss h a n ­ d i c a p p e d by a c u s t o m of m e m b e r s n e a r W a sh in g to n t a k ­ ing off F rid a y th r o u g h Monday to m o o n lig h t at law o r o th e r b u ­ s i n e s s so th a t th e y w o r k t h r e e d a v s a week i i i W a sh in g ton . 
P ro p o se d new pay sc a le s would give the vice p re sid e n t, the s p e a k e r an d the chief j u s ­ tice SHU.(MMI a y e a r (about the going r a t e for a good b a sk e tb a ll p lo v e r). S u p r e m e Court .lustices w o u l d g e t 
STT.ado. c a b i n e t m e m b e r s would get HHT.MIO. f e ­ d e r a l .M idges SH2.IMH) to SIM.(MHI 

 a u d m e m b e r s of 
C o n g r e s s 
STT. MM), 
'Pilose* U vels of pay are* c o m ­ m e n s u r a t e w itll the1 jobs an d a re a d e q u a t e —■ th o u g h low er th an s o m e c a b in e t m e m b e r s had b e ­ fore they e n t e r e d g o v e r n m e n t . 
T h e pay is e n o u g h to reejuire* a b a n on conflicts of interest and d i s c l o s u r e of o u t s i d e i n c o m e . 
R espect for g o v e r n m e n t eau lie in c re a se d with a good code. 

U.S. S u p r e m e Court .Justice 
Hugo Black, g r e a t d e f e n d e r of 
;i\ ii liberties aud the const bil­ lion. m u st be rolling over iii In s g rave. 

To servo tile ends of justice — and perhaps polities — a host of state aud federal pro secuto rs will converge on 
San Antonio soon lo bring form er Cas­ troville Police t hief Brank Hayes be­ fore the federal dock. 
Hayes was convicted iii duly of a g ­ gravated assault in tho shotgun slaving of Richard Morales, a prisoner Sn his custody. 
He was sentenced to 2-to-1o years in prison tty a San Angelo jury. 

Idle verdict was unpopular. It was widely thought thai Hayes d ese rv e d worse. 

Shortly thereafter, state political fi­ gures including c ongre ssm en, the go­ vernor and the stale attorne y general c a ll e d for a f e d e r a l c r i m i n a l civ il rights prosecution ol Hayes 

Haves could he sentenced to tip iii life iii a lederal prison because a death occurred duri ng the alleged violation of civ ii rights 

Court ruling 

In 1959. the l .S Su p rem e Court sail! lederal prosecution after st ate p ro s e ­ cution for the s a m e incident was p e r­ m i s s a b l e . d e s p i t e th e F if th A m e n d ­ m e n t g u a r a n t e e a g a i n s t d o u b le j e o ­ pardy. 

But in a strong dissent, Mr. .Justice 
Blat k said no. th e d o u b le j e o p a r d y clause should not in* modified. 

It was Black s dissent which led to a 
C S . .J u s tice D e p a r t mid ut p o lic y against dual prosecutions 

BILL 
MINTZ 

What if Hill or Briscoe had been un­ satisfied with the disposition of R a m ­ sey M u n i/’s m ariju a n a dealing indict­ ment in federal court? 

Five years 

 h ' t l f n i l f n ‘4iI 

T hat policy w as mo d ified by C S. 
Atty, Ben . ( b i f f i n Bell when he a p ­ proved a federal g ran d jury probe ot the I laves case. 

Bell s policy change dealt only with civil rights and did not touch on d ru g case s, b a n k r o b b e r i e s , th e f ts of g o ­ vernment checks, g am blin g or any of the other c rim e s covered by both state and federal statute. 

‘Contrary' 

But B la c k s a i d . " I t h i n k d o u b le prosecutions for the sam e offense a r r contrary to the spirit of our free 
.-oiintry." 

In the I Hah case. Black wrote, “ The on rf a p p a r e n t l y ta k e s th e position 
[hat a second trial for the s a m e act is somehow less offensiv e if one of I he trials is conducted by the federal go­ vernment and the other by the state*. 

“ Looked at from tin* standpoin t id the individual who is being prosecuted. ti ns no ti on is too s u b t l e for m e to g ra sp ." 

Among the people who have called for H a y e s ’ fe d e r a l p r o s e c u t i o n a r e 
Texas Atty. (Jen. -I(bin Hill and (Tov. 
Dolph Briscoe. 

M u n i / f a c e s up to fi ve y e a r s in prison for his guilty plea to one count. 
But tin* state penalty for the s a m e offense is ‘J to IO years in prison. What if Hill or Briscoe decided to prosecute? 
Blit both Hayes and Muniz have been before the dock once. Who d e ­ cides when justice has been served? 

'The M ichig an S u p r e m e Court h a s recently strengthened the double jeo­ pardy aspect of its law by prohibiting a state trial after a federal trial in a l ­ most all instances. 

Hic U.S. Su p rem e Court has not a d ­ d r e s s e d th e d o u b l e j e o p a r d y is su e siiiA' 195o 

Testing ground 

Perh aps Hie Hayes case will prove a testing groun d. The local c h a p t e r of 
Hic A m e ri c a n Civil L ib e rtie s I Ilio n wiH p r o b a b l y not b e c o m e involved since it will be handling a civil suit for 
Un* Morales family. 

Hill s men and Bell's men will hi* c o n v e r g i n g on th e U.S. C o u r t h o u s e soon — possibly this week — to present 
(hi* case to the federal g ra nd jury. 
And long forgotten is an initial J u s ­ tice Department reason for not getting involved. 

" W e don 't want to u n d e r m i n e the local a u th o r it ie s . " a J u s t i c e D e p a r t ­ ment spok es man said last July 

This n e w s p a p e r w e lc o m e s le tte rs fro m ifs re a d e rs . 
They should b e short, n ot o v e r 3 o o w ords, a n d th e y m ust b e sig n ed . H o w e v e r, o n ly re a d e rs ’ in itials w ill b e u sed if th e re q u e st is m o d e . U n sig n e d le tte rs w ill n ot b^ p u b ­ lishe d. The p a p e r re s e rv e s the rig ht to e d it ony le fte r fo r le ng th , g o o d toste o r le g a l rea son s, la t t e r w riters m ust include th eir p ro p e r a d d re ss and te le p h o n e n u m b e r — w hich w ill n ot be p ub lishe d — so the co rrect id e n tity of tho w rite r con b e esta b lish e d. Send le tte rs to P .O . l e x 
2 1 7 1 , San A n to n io , Temps 7 8 2 9 7 . 
The defense 

Sir. On Feb. Ii you published le tte r s from W illiam Lewis. J a m ie B a ird and 
Joel Westbrook which complained b it­ terly about my review of th e San 
A n to n io O p e r a s p e r f o r m a n c e of 
W a g n e r ’s “ Rienzi. 
U n d e r n o rm a l c ir cum stances I would not bother to respond, but since all three of the abov e meld inned men chose to attack not my rev *cvv. but me personally, I feel that I ll list answer. 

W hat these gentlemen do not seem to u n d ersta n d is that a review is the opinion of one person. I said that I did not like "R ie n zi." and felt it to be an inferior opera. This is not an opinion I gave lightly: I studied the score c a r e ­ fully after the performance, and am st iii of the sa m e mind. The fact that 
Wagner himself condemned the work in even strong er term s should release any of his undoubtedly well-meaning, but m i s g u i d e d a d m i r e r s from any obligation to defend the work. Still, if 
Mssrs. Lewis. Baird and Westbrook enjoyed it. fine. 

As for Ms. Freni, whom I also criti­ cized (and for which I was vilified by 
Mr. Lewis) she did not have tm a t ­ tractive voice. I feel that m y opinion was substantially corroborates! by the g r a c i o u s . bu t c e r t a i n l y not overwhelming ovation accorded her bv the audience. 

There is no way that one can equate the audience receptio ns given such artists as Beverly Sills or T heresa 
Zylis-Gura in previous years with Ms. 
Freni 's as these three men would have it. 

‘W ho’s there?’ 
Senators play politics— not governm ent 

 l i n s is tin* seaso n w hen e a g e r stu d e n ts in high school g o v e r n ­ m ent e l u s s e s ta k e att all-das trip to A u s t i n , g a w k at t h e h i g h d o m e of the capitol a n d see just how g o v e r n m e n t w orks. 

Bv aud large they go hack to their humdrum c lasses with a glow of satis- filet ti ut, even idealism I hey have seen the sy ste m — so they think — and it w o rk s’ 
Sn whut does a loyal, non-iioat-rock­ ing g o v e r n m e n t f e u c h r e tell s o m e youngster who may have wandered in­ to tin* re cent se ssio ns of the Senate 
I titer gov e m i n e n t a I 
B e lat p h i s 
I onim iUcc '1 
He* m ig h t just Ii,ive to admit thai Hie s e n a t o r s a t e c o n t e m p t Mutts iii th e ir appioac ti to snipe luoduioc-otals of tile d em oc ratic places-, 
Hie committee, cd course, was dealing will) In lated el torts to correct the m e s s it helped Sen Brank Loin* butthtto m a k e of tire aud police silk pay pope v two >ears ago 
What the l e g i s l a t u r e h a d d o m iii jHi a —- despite objections from lire c tty 

KEMPER 
DIEHL 

Hit• (Wan . ta ut 

 council then iii office — was to allow m e m b e r s of Hie two d e p a r t m e n t s to receive an unlimited acc rual of unused sick pas in a lump su m upon retiring 

Win n the tall for this expensive iii- 
♦reference with t il\ busbies-, ca m e due this veal. the present city a d m i n is tra ­ tion, purled by thousands of taxpayers. raised the roo! 

I vet) Inimical (into linail.v concluded that tin voting p u b li c o p p o s e d ins generosity alai prom ised to repeal in s aet so tar as it applied lo Sail Antonio 
But when Ila* m a tter came back be­ h a v Hie Interg overn m enta l Relations 
Urn t n u b tee. ol which Lotttbardnio is ait influential member, it turned oui that anyone who might (jv* listening lo the 

 voters was somehow unclean, subject to ridicule and certainly to ho ignored 
I his hostility toward the democr atic p ro c e s s s u r f a c e d a w ee k a g o when 
C o u n c ilm a n (Hen H a r t m a n te sti fied before Hie comm ittee. 
I lai t n tan cut through a fog ut e m o ­ tion w h ic h h a d bern generated by leaders of the fire and police* unions to explain th at w h en all was said aud done. Hie cost was financially prohi­ bitive" for a city like Hail Antonio 
He was swiftly aud curtly put ut Ills place. 

Provided a handy opening bv his a l­ ly • Sen. J a c k i tm* ut Houston 
Loin- h ardup! In te rje c te d of H a r t m a n aud taller counc il member* present 
I hev re all up tor re election aud 
Haw all have bot eumouten* caon** " 

Z a p p e d 

Apparently Lombard uio felt t h is to ­ tally destroy cs! H a rtm a n aud his cou n­ cil colleagues as witnesses 
Ogg riddled if iii at lust week s final h eari ng when he announced thai Hie council m e n d e d s had m a d e a ti)’s tuke 

 by " c o m i n g up h e r e w h ile I hey* r e running for re-election aud drop pi ng 
Sen Lom barduio aud Hic rest ut us iii the fire." 
But why should a council m e m b e r — any one of whom received m o re votes last time out than Loll) bu rd mo — lie ignored w hen running for re-elect ion? 
Could it be b ecause they might be r e f l e c t i n g th e w i s h e s of t h e i r e oii sfi tu enls? Does Sen. O g g really know mort* about what San Antonio needs than its council m e m b e r s and 
Hie people they represent? W hat is the svstern all about, anyway ? 

 i i Ollie* rule 

No doubt, loo. that high school stu ­ dents ar** told of the* glories of home rule for I **xas cities — ol flow elec ted local officials m a k e d ec is io n s about loc ai a11 a irs u n d e r a c h a ri e r adopted l*y the people, 
So how doe* a louring gov cri m lent teac h er e x p la in lo s t u d e n t s lite odd c o in cid e n c e that L o m b a r d u i o s c o m ­ mittee set the Hrs! hearing <H a bill of vital interest to Hic* tTty of San Antonio tor precisely a lime at which the city 

Last slap 

 lf my reviews of past years have not made it d e a r . I will now say it in so many words 
I have nothing but the greatest respect and ad mira tio n for the Sun Antonio Symphony and Opera, and all who m a k e them up. They are artists and thorough professionals, and us such can surely withstand a little cri ti cis m (although my review was unstinting iii its praise of them). 
Art can abide criticism, but never complacency. 

I am not a horse fetishist, us Mssrs. 
Lewis and Westbrook implied. I m e r e ­ ly pointed out that the most vociferous a u d i e n c e r e s p o n s e o c c u r r e d w hen 
Rien/i's horse walked on stage. This is a fact, and therefore not debatable. 

Mr. Westbrook, however, seem s to have* horses on the mind (hi* devoted fully one-t hird of his letter to the subject) and I suggest that his pre-oc­ cupation with horses' hind quarters, and by implication, scatology, would perhaps best be left to a trained pro ­ fessional for analysis. 
Stephen Marinaro 

Applause 

 conned is regularly meeting'.' fi rs t the city is chided for not m a k ­ ing' a ease* against Hic* lull two years ago (though the council passed a reso­ lution unanimously opposing it when it learned its implications) 
I’h e n t h e c o u n c i l m e m b e r s who postpone their meeting and come to testify for t h e bill s repeal a r c r i ­ diculed because* they a re runn ing for re-election — and presum ab ly art* lis­ tening to voters! 

Finally, as a parting shot. Ogg slaps att am e n d m e n t on the repeal btl! that r e t a i n s u n d e t e r m i n e d b e n e f i t s tor 
I H e m e n a u d policemen now on th e payroll But his language is so murky that IMI one is sure what it means and ti all univ w md up iii com I so much tor home role and the right of leva** lilies to tun their own busi­ ness 
Au hone st gov ernm en t leat her must tell his stude nts that bottle rule* m e a n s very bt He when it gets in Hie way of a legislator who wauls to m a k e a play for some interest group. 

Sir: W ri ti n g iii the c u r r e n t New- 
Y o r k e r m a g a z i n e . A n d r e w P o r t e r offers a welcome anodyne to those still sm artin g from Hie fatuous review of 
“ R ie n z i " which a p p e a r e d iii y o u r leaper. 

T h e p a in s ta k in g p r e p a r a ti o n and stylish erudition which have brought p o r t e r to tin* forefront of m o d e r n musical criticism are applied to the opera iii its historical context and to 
Hie local production which he h e ad ­ lines as. "B rav e, Noble, After the High 
Roman Fash ion." 

He fu r th e r exhibits good taste by- having nice tilings to say about our 
" a d m i r a b l e " o rc h e s tra , our tourist attractions, our T heatr e for the p e r ­ forming Arts and our potential for becoming the site of a major opera festival 

“ Rienzi bas earned for San Antonio the very highest recognition iii a field where standard s are most exacting. 
Hay den F re e m an 

Hogwash 

Sir: Columnist .James J Kilpatrick’s theory on the future course of the (JOI*. 
(Pele ll ) in “ First priority: Want to win." suffers from flu* same* myopic v Mon which has consigned the party to virtually a perm anent minority status lins view holds thut the Republicans are defeated due to a doctrinaire in­ sistence on "conservative** ideology at the* expense of m ea s u re s which will attract enough voters to provide it with the margin for v ietorv. 

H ogwash ’ lf there is one thing the 
DOP has done consistently over the last JI years it is to deny the conser­ vative philosophy of the party's rank and tile in favor of Hie liberal elitism of the Northeastern wing of Hic* party. 
Indeed, the only real su ccesses the party has had are I hose rare occasions when it h a s s e e m e d to p r e s e n t the voters with a conservative alternative to the Democrats The; e xception to this r u l e o c c u r r e d tit DPj-i w h e n B a r r y 
(iold w ale r, an avowed c o n se r v a tiv e , ran into the victor) by proxy of John F. 
Kennedy which w as a w a r d e d by Hie* people to his successor Ly ndon .John­ son 
When the patty raised the* banner of relative co nse rvati sm iii HD? and I MHK. it e m e rg e d victorious lo the degree of conscious conserva tism it espoused 
The s a m e applies to Congress as is 
Wit lies st*! bv the PMM! elections which saw a (JOI* c o m e b a c k from intel s d i s a s t e r , p rim arily iii c o n s e r v a ti v e r a c e s . 
I lie- lesson is plain lf tile* tiO P Is to play a |jositive rote* iii slinging Ameri­ ca's future it must openly advocate Hie principle* oi Hie* \ mer leu n Revolution 

 iii its approac h P> the* private, piddle aud independent sectors 
Hu bert B a al M eu rel lu 

San Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— Sunday February 2o 1977 

'Your social order must be destroyed' 

Is it possible or impossible to transmit the experience of those who have suffered to those who have yet to suffer? Can one part of humanity learn from the bit­ ter experience of another or can it not? Is it possible (>r impossi­ ble to warn someone of danger? 
It can happen. It is possible. As a 
Russian proverb says: "When it hap­ pens to you, you'll know it's true." 
Rut do we really have to wait for the moment when the knife is at our throat'.’ Conklin it be possible, ahead of time, to assess soberly the world­ wide menace that ahead of time, to assess soberly the worldwide menace that threatens to swallow a whole world? 
I was swallowed myself. I have been 

 iii the dragon's belly, in its red-hot innards. It was unable to digest me and threw me up. I have come to you as a witness to what it is like there, in tlit* dragon's belly. 
Communism has never concealed the fact that it rejects all absolute concepts of morality. It scoffs at any considera­ tion of "good" and "e v il" as indispu­ table categories. 
Com m unism c onsiders morality to be relative, to be a class matter. 
Depending upon circumstances and the political situation, any act. includ­ ing m urder, even the k illin g s of 

7 teas tiivuHowell m y ­ s e l f I h a re been in the d ra g o n 's b e lly / 

 hundreds of thousands, could be good or could be bad. It all depends upon class ideology. And who defines this ideology? The whole class cannot get together to pass judgment. 

Communism's success 

A handful of people determines what is good and what is bad. But I must say that in this very respect Communism has been most successful. It has in­ fected the whole world with a belief in the relativity of good and twit Today. many people apart from the Commun­ ists are carried away by this many people apart from the Communists are carried away by this idea. 

Among progressive people, it is con­ sidered rather awkward to use ser­ iously such words as "g o o d " and 
"evil " Communism has managed to persuade all of us that those concepts are old-fashioned and laughable But if we are to be deprived of the concepts of 

Alexander Solzhenitsyn is wor­ ried about us. Since his expulsion from Russia in 1971, this Nobel- 
Prize-winnin author has launched a personal campaign lo warn Wes­ terners of Russia’s "dragon belly," which threatens to make mince­ meat out of the whole world. 

~ —-— lr - 

But he has discovered we don't 

 understand that America and the nations of western Europe are now a democratic minority. In the follow­ ing article from his recently pub- lishedbookW ARM NGTOrilEW EST. 
Mr. Solzhenitsyn says that we have an obligation 
— not only to 

 freedom-hungry people but also to ourselves — to stand up to the growing strength of Russia. 

 good and evil. what w ill be left? 
Nothing but the manipulation of one another. We will sink to the status of animals. 
Both the theory and practice of 
Communism are completely inhuman for that reason. 
The most frightening aspect of the world Communist system, however, is its unity, its cohesion. Enrico Berlin- guer, the Italian Communist leader. once said that the sun had set on the 
Comintern. Not at all. It hasn't set. formed into electricity, which is now pulsing through underground cables. 
The sun of the Com intern today spreads its energy everywhere in the form of high-voltage electricity. 
Denial 
There was an incident, not too long ago. when Western Communists indig­ nantly denied that Portugal was oper­ ating on instructions from Moscow. Of course, Moscow also denied this. And then it was discovered that those very orders had been openly published in the Soviet magazine Problem s of 
Peace and Socialism. All the apparent differences among the Com m unist1 parties of the world are imaginary. All are united on one point: your social order must be destroyed. 
Why should we be surprised if the world does not understand this? Even the socialists, who are the closest to 
Communism, do not understand it. 
They cannot grasp the true nature of 
Communism. 
Recently, the leader of the Swedish socialists. Olof Palm e, said that the only way that Communism can survive is by adopting the principles of demo­ cracy. That is the same thing assaying that the only way in which a wolf can survive is to stop eating meat and be­ come a lamb. And yet Palm e lives right next door. Sweden is quite close to the Sov iet I ’nion. 
Let me point out Communism's view of war. It is that war is necessary War is an instrument for achieving a goal. 
But unfortunately for Communism, this policy ran up against the Am eri­ can atomic bomb in 1945. Then Hit1 
Communists changed their tactics and suddenly became advocates of peace a» any cost. They started to convoke 

 peace congresses, to circulate petitions for peace; and the Western world fell for this deceit. But the goal, the ideo­ logy. remained the same: to destroy your system, to destroy the way of life known iii the West. 
But they could not risk this iii the face of your nuclear superiority. So they substituted one concept for an­ other: what is not war, they said, is peace. That is, they opposed war to peace. But this is a mistake, only a part of the antithesis is opposed to the 

II e (ire a p p r o a c h in g a m a jo r tu rn in g point in w o rld history, in the h istory o f c iv ili­ zation ' 

 thesis. When an open war is impossi­ ble. oppression can continue quietly behind the scenes. Terrorism. Guer­ rilla warfare, violence, prisons, con­ centration camps. I ask yon: is this peace? 
The true antipode of peace I* vio­ lence. And those who want peace iii the world should remove not only war from the world but also violence. If there is no open war but there is still violence.That is not peace. 
No guarantee 

A m erica and Europe are now a minority, and the process is still con­ tinuing. Until the public in Communist countries can keep a check on the go­ vernment and have an opinion on what the government does — now it doesn t have the slightest idea what the go­ vernment is up to — until that time cullies, the W est, and the world in general, has no guarantee at all. social order. This has been their aim for 135 veals and it has never changed: univ the methods have changed a little. 
When there is detente, peaceful co-ex­ istence and trade, they will still insist: 
Hie ideological war must continue; 
And what is ideological war? It is a concentration of hatred, a continued repetition of the oath to destroy the 
Western world. 
.lust as in the Roman senate a fa­ mous speaker ended every speech with 

 the statem ent: 
"F u rth e rm o re . 
Carthage must be destroyed." so to­ day. with every act — detente, trade or whatever — the Communist press as well as thousands of speakers at closed lectures all repeat: "Furthermore, ca­ pitalism must be destroyed." 
It is easy to understand, if s only human that people living in prosperity doubt the necessity of taking steps — here and now in their present state of prosperity — to defend themselves 
For even in prosperity one must be or guard. 
Argument 
The principle argument of the advo­ cates of detente is well known: All of this must be done to avoid a nuclear war. But after all that has happened in recent years. I think I can set their minds at ease, and your minds as well: there will not be any nuclear war. 
What for? W hy should there be a nuclear war if for the last .'{(I years the 
Communists have been breaking off as much of tin' West as they wanted — piece after piece, country after country, and the process keeps going on. Iii 1975 alone four countries were broken off Four — three iii Indochina plus India — and the process keeps going on. 
Let me direct your attention to the following fact. You have theoreticians who say: "The U S must stop the pro­ cess of nuclear armament. We have enough already. Today America has enough nuclear weapons to destroy the other half of the world. Why should we need more than that?" Let the Ameri­ can nuclear specialists reason this wav if they want, but for some reason the nuclear specialists of the Soviet Union 
— and the leaders of the Soviet Union 
— think differently. 
At one time there was no comparison between the strength of the U.S.S IC and your own. Then it became equal to yours. Now, as all recognize, it is lie- coming superior to yours. Perhaps to­ day the ratio is just greater than equal, but soon it will be 2 to I. Then 3 to I 
Finally it will be 5 to 1. Urn not a spe­ cialist in this area, and I suppose you're not specialists either, but this eau hardly be accidental 
Hussia oyer all 
I think that if the armaments the 
Communists had before were enough, they would not have driven things further. There must lie some reason for it. With such nuclear superiority it will be possible to block the use of your weapons, and on some unlucky morn­ ing they w ill declare: ‘‘Attention. 
We're sending our troops into Europe, and if you make a move we will anni­ hilate you." 
Paperwork flood covers us all 

WASHINGTON - rile rising tide of bureaucratic paperwork has reached a level that can no longer be dismissed as merely an obstruction. It constitutes a clear and present danger to our freedom, our prosperity, our inventiveness and even our san­ ity; 
The effect of the bureaucratization of 
America that is easiest to measure is the staggering cost iii money, time and lost productivity. Individuals and bu­ sinesses today are spending more than 
Stun billion a year lust to fill out aud comply with federal forms. 
Start with the basic bureaucratic form — the individual income tax re­ turn W illiam F. Klckenbaeker. the financial w riter, has demonstrated iN'Vond reasonable challenge that the cost m man-hours of preparing the nation s income tax returns exceeds 
$21 billion each year. 
Salaries 

Beyond that, businesses large and 
*n)all are required to prepare 114 m il­ lion forms annually lur the bureau­ cracy, at a cost which the Library of 
Congress has figured at $4o billion. 
Another $4u billion is spent by firms i i i carrying out federal regulations, ac­ cording to one business survey of this 

JACK 
ANDERSON 

 trout II n*hiiif:loii 

 amorphous subject. 
To this SRK) billion til private costs, add the even greater amount spent each year to pay, house, equip and pension off the federal paper shufflers. 
And then consider this- Each $ I Btl billion diverted to paperwork and to the support of the bureaucracy, if spent instead for new plants, equip­ ment and processes, would create al­ most three million permanent lobs iii private industry. 
The total cost of the paperwork flood. 

 iii terms of lost freedom, strangled creativity and stultifying delays, can­ not be measured, lint we see examples of it every day 
For instance, there is ail increasing amount of time we spend explaining ourselves to the government and wait­ ing upon its permission to do this or t hat 
The sum total is an American society that has visibly slowed down. that lags iii the creation oi new products and new jobs, that increasingly displays 

 the neurosis associated with the alien­ ated who have lost control of their own activities., 
This is not to say that the bureau­ cracy and its works are not often beneficial and sometimes indispensa­ ble. But we have reached the point where its ballooning dost and petrify­ ing effect must Im* measured at against its declining usefulness lf anyone doubts whether America has passed into an era of bureaucratic strangula­ tion. let him passed into an era of bureaucratic strangulation, let him contemplate the following items from the confidential files of contemplate tile following items from the confiden­ tial files of the Commission on Federal 
Paperwork: 
• 
Wyom ing, though starved like other states for federal funds, reluc­ tantly turned down several ecology grants last year. The state calculated that the federal paperwork would have cost more than the $1o8.IMM iii grants, 
• Many a small company has folded under the burden of federal paper­ work For example, small businesses are required to fill out a useless form called EBS-1 in order to provide employees a pension program. One year, three versions of the same form had to be submitted. 
• 
Rep. Olin Teague. D-Tex.. got stuck iii the bureaucracy’s flypaper after purchasing $4.91 worth of go­ 

 vernm ent stationery. The G eneral 
Services Administration billed him for the stationery, enclosing eight copies of a form. six copies of a form, six copies of a computer printout and two computer punch cards. The congress­ man concluded that it would cost more to pas the bill than the stationery was worth. 

• Last year. one of President Jim m y 
C a rte r’s fellow peanut farm ers iii 
Georgia wanted to file a simple appli­ cation for a small business loan At the did of six months, the farm er was 
St) (MKI in debt to lawyers and auditors; vet the processing of the loan still hadn't bi*en completed It took a pile of paper weighing seven pounds to satisfy tin* bureaucrats at the Small Business 
Administration 

In return for their federal pay, the bureaucrats are engaged on a thousand fronts — battling crime and conges­ tion. disease and drudgery, hatred and hunger, poverty and pollution Some soar into space seeking conquest of tin* universe: others would be content to conquer the fruit fly. 
Thus absorbed in m atters both weighty and weightless, the paper shufflers accumulate an estimated 4.5 million cubic feet of paper every year. 
Literally tons of government forms and questionnaires repose, unread, in federal files and warehouses 
Now THAT is real obscenity 

W ASH IN G TO N 
- 
Mark 
Shields, a philosopher friend of mini*. *uid the other night. 
"This country has come to a pretty pass when Harry Reetns of ’Deep Throat’ and Larry 
Flynt of Hustler magazine have become the Sacco-V'anzelti of lib 7. 
What Mr. Shields was talking about was the fact that Mr. Rectos and Mr. 
Flin t have been tried in Memphis and 
Cincinnati respectively on obscenity charges, and we civil lilM*rlarians have to defend them to protect ourselves 
Since the Supreme Court, in a cloudy decision, has left tin* question of obs­ cenity up to local communities, it is getting more aud more difficult to de­ ft nr exactly what it is. 
For example. I have an aunt who ltu*» ut Boston aud she thinks Vogue magazine Is obscene because ll has printed photographs o! topless models tine of my best Catholic friends Is - 
Betes Ms. magazine is obscene be­ cause It publishes stories advocating* abortion. 
I have u cousin in Tucson who 

 canceled her subscription to Tim e 

ART 
BUCHWALD 

 th e Ii ft Ii h r h ilh 

 magazine because it did a long takeout on pornographic film s with photo­ graphs, and my sister iii New York thinks Cosmopolitan articles on how to steal somebody rise's husband are the height of obscenity. 
Tennis? 

I must confess I'm rather loose about 

 these things I occasional Iv write tor 
PUivImiv magazine, usually about ten­ nis But my wile won t read the publi­ cation aud thinks I shouldn’t be earning money from an obscene publi­ cation 

I did walk out alter the lust live minutes ut ‘ D eep Throat" because It made me queasy, but Russell Baker ut 
The New Yolk Times, with whom I went. staved lo the biller end and got a column out ut it. I told him later the 

 column was obscene, but lie just laughed at me. 
My nephew, on the other hand, doesn't I md anything in any magazine obscene Ile thought the \ ietnamese war was obscene and hail no redeem­ ing features 
A brother-in-law in C incinnati is not disturbed by the sale of Hustler on magazine stands, but thinks the ad­ vertisem ents urging people to buy bigger and bigger cars. when there is an energy shortage, are obscene. 
A liberal friend of mine has told me lie considers Bill Buckley’s National 
Review obscene, and a columnist col­ league who works across the hall from mc keeps telling me my humor ap- peals to People's prurient interests 

Sinatra 
In California, Frank Sinatra Hunks most gossip columnists are obscene, aud many gossip columnist* say Frank 
Slliotru Is obscene 
A m boul library Inurn! i i i New York state lias decided Furl Votmegul is obscene and bas voted lo withdraw his 
I looks I roil i its shelves 

Several parents* organizations have 

 protested that a tot of black poetry is really filth, and their children 

Alexander Solxhenitsyn 

And this ratio of 3 to I or 5 to I will have its effect: you will not make a move. Indeed, theoreticians w ill be found to say, " lf only we would have that blessed silence , . 
In addition to the grave political si­ tuation iii the world today, we are also witnessing the emergence of a crisis of unknown nature, one completely new and entirely non-political. 

We are approaching a major turning point in world history, iii Hie history of civilization. It lias already been noted by specialists iii various areas. I could compare it only with the turning from the Middle Ages to the modern era. a shift in our civ ilization. It is a juncture at which settled concepts suddenly be­ come hazy, lose their precise contours, ut which our fam iliar and commonly used words lost* their meaning, be­ come empty shells, and methods vvInch have been reliable for many centuries no longer work. 

Ifs the sort of turning point where the hierarchy of values which we have venerated, and which we use to deter­ mine what is inijMtrfanf to us aud what causes our hearts to lieut is starting to rock and may collapse, 
These two crises, the political crisis of today s world and the oncoming spiritual crisis, are occurring at the same tune. It is our generation that will have to confront them. The lea­ dership of your country, which is en­ tering the third century of existence as a n atio n , will perhaps h ave to bear a burden greater than ever before in 
American history. Your leaders will need profound intuition, spiritual fore­ sight. high qualities of mind and soul. 
May God grant that in those times you 
VV Iii have at the helm personalities as great as those who created your country. 
I lio n ) lb . book W A R N IN G I O I H I W I Sit b y A te u w u Jm 

$ u l|b « m ),y n by a f K in o s m a n t w ith p o b h U o o tonal, b lia u t n od 
C h o u , (C ) 1 9 / V I V / 6 b y A h n o wrt«» S o l* h .n i» *y n liu m la l'o n 

 io t» r"8 b l (C ) IV / 6 b y M w Ho. )W , Mr<td, lid 

 shouldn't he excised to it. 
Thanks to the Supreme Court ruling, many local prosecutors have decided obscenity Is Hie fastest steppingstone to higher political office and have Im*- come national TY personalities over­ night. 
So everyone in this country and many in the same towns and cities have then own definition of what obs­ cenity is 
Jail 
The problem Is tliut people are iMMiig 

 thrown III jail because of It. 
The excuse is that the communities are trying to protect their children. 
This makes a lot of sense except for the fact (hat these same children are ex­ posed to about HU hours of violence 
(ach wtek on television, and many 
I MHI pie consider violence Hie ultimate 
Iii obscenity compared to bare iMisnmt* and Hie other lunk that |H*ople have to 
|iay a lot of money to see and read lf they’re going to throw B a rry 
Hee ms and Larry Fly ut into the slam- mer. I think they ought lo go after 
Russell Baker, too A guy who sits through the entire uncut version of 
* Deep T hroat" is. iii my opinion, a liu-OMi ** lo Hie e ol tlliiUOllV. 

Brings You Extra Savings on Minolta Cameras! 

Minolta Electronic cameras witn fully automatic shutter speeds for auto exposure. Shutter speeds from 1/1ooo sec to 4 full seconds. Split image focus — self timer — ultra smooth film advance and shutter with 5oMM F I .7 
Minolta Rokkor-X lens. 

M IN O LTA XE-5 with 5 o M M 1.7 Lens 
M IN O LT A XE-7 with S O M M 1.7 Lens 

MFG. LIST 
$5o5.oo 
3 DAY SALE 
317.oo 
WHG. LIST 
$565.oo 
3 DAY SALI 
358.oo 

Less Factory Rebate < 4 o . o o 
Less Factory Rebate 6 o . o o 

YOUR PRICE 
7 
o o 
YOUK PRICE * 2 9 8 ° ° 

A dd $36.oo For F I.4 Lens Case $ 2o .SU txtru 

TRADE INS ACCEPTED 
Trade-In Value Subject To Inspection O I Cam era. 

LIMITED A M O U N T S 
SUBJECT TO PRIO R S A L I 
SALE PRICES G O O D FEB. 21, 22, 23RD. 
REBATES END FIB. 28TH. 

M O N .-FR I. 
8:3o-6 P.M. 

SAT. 
8:3o-5 P.M. 
DIAL FINANCE 

5 1 2 

Out t in r iiM M s l note i t SO I Va*. 

2 2 3 - 9 7 o 2 

San Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— 

DOUBLE 
KNIT 

58”-6o” WIDE 
99« 
JKF YARD 

OUR REG. 1.27 SELECTIONS 

Shop T.G.&Y. for all your sewing notions, ribbons, laces, trims and patterns. 

DAN RIVER 
SUPER HOYA SOLIDS 
NEW SPRING COLORS 
44”-45” WIDE 
$« 88 

REG. 2.29 YD. 
3 
YARD 
CONE MILLS POLY POW ER 
BRUSHED DENIM 

PLAIN S - N O IR O N IN G REQUIRED 
4 4 ”-4 5 “ WIDE 
$197 

REG. 2.69 YO. 
ABBOT B O M B A Y KRINKLE 
SPORTSWEAR 
5o% POLYESTER 5o% COTTON 
44"-45" WIDE 

REG. 2.49 YD. 
YARD 

SUMMERFIELD CRAYON COORDINATES 
STRIPED DOUBLE KNIT 

1oo% POLYESTER 58”-6o” WIOE 
OO 

REG. 2.97 YO. 
™ 
RI> 

STER 5 S "-6 o ’ 
$i 

— TOAY COUPON— I r — TOAY COUPON— 
J r -TO AY C O U P O N - TOAY CO U PO N .-., 

NON-ROLL BULK 
I I 
I I 
I I 
EMBROIDERY 
I ELASTIC 11 THREAD 

% " - 1 " WIDE j j ASSORTED COLORS j 

EMBROIDERY 
PIECES 
YOUR 
CHOICE 
I 
I 
SKEIN 

EMBROIDERY 
I j 
HOOPS 
! 
YOUR CHOICE 
OO I 
3 $1 w for 

1645 PAT B O O K ER RD. 
UNIVERSAL CITY 
NORTHWEST CENTER 
3654 FREDERICKSBURG RD. 

SOUTH PARK MALL 
231o S.W MILITARY DR. 

•SOT BLANCO RO. 
2 SOB NACOGDOCHES 

• 33o HWY. 9o W 

• 1o33 RITTIMAN ROAD 

• EAST HOUSTON CENTER 
AT NEW BRAUNFELS AVE. 
• 6ooo-1 WEST AVE. 
AT JACKSON-KEllER 
• NORTHERN B IU S 
12247 NACOGDOCHES 

CALLAGHAN PLAZA 
CALLAGHAN RO. 
AT CULEBRA 

615o W URZBACH 
AT EVERS 

BROOKHOLLOW CENTER 
I So32 SAN PEDRO AVE. 

ALSO SEGUIN TEXAS 

Kojak he might be, but when this Tokyo dub expert is finished Telly Savalas will sound like he’s from the streets of Nagasaki. associate mss 
A m erican television is all over the world 

ASSOCIATED WESS 

LOS ANGELES — Japan esp rice farmers, Australian sh eepherder, Barbados fi­ shermen and Russian com rades watch the same tele­ vision shows you do. Some­ times. anyway. 
Governm ents and networks in foreign nations buy hundreds of 
U.S. television p ro g ra m s each year because they are popular and cheap, despite occasional objec­ tions from their own viewers or producers. 
In m a jo r in d u s tria l n a tio n s, popular U.S. shows are sometimes seen within a day or two of their stateside airings. 
Other times, esp ec ially in poor or sm a ll countries, program s which have been off the a ir for y e a rs in 
America find wide audiences. 
Not all U.S. program s make it overseas. Situation comedies, for ex am p le, a re not big s e lle r s because their cultural intonations are lost in translation. 
And som etim es sales p rese n t problems. 
‘Nakia’ 
Herb Lazarus, general m anager of Columbia Pictures Television- 
International, points to a defunct 
American western, "N akia," the story of an American Indian sher­ iff 
“ We couldn’t figure out why we couldn't sell this thing in A rab countries," Lazarus said. “ until we realized that Nakia s badge is shaped like a six pointed sta r,” the national symbol of Israel. 
Shows dram atizing revolutions often find no sales in Latin A m er­ ican c o u n tries, and p r o g ra m s depicting such things as consumer protests aren’t aired where dicta­ tors are in power. Racially trou­ bled South Africa, which has had television for only a year, has been hesitant to show any program in­ volving blacks. 
The Communist countries buy only a very small number of U S, shows, but Richard Harper, vice president of worldwide sy n d ica­ tion for 2oth Century Fox Televi­ sion, says his firm recently sold 
“ F lip p e r ,“ a c h i ld r e n ’s show about a trained dolphin, to the 
Russians 
In some of the larger industrial nations, low costs and top ratings 

A sheriff's six - poin ted star kept fi- one western o ff 
Arab TV screens 

 offer a d y n am ite c o m b in a t itn which would be h ard for any government or network official to resist. 

Kojak’ 
In G reat B ritain, w here U.S. programs account for a modest 13 per cent of all programs telecast, two d etectiv e a d v e n tu r e s , 
“ K o jak ” and 
“ S ta rsk y and 
Hutch," consistently bag top ra t­ ings, says a spokesm an for the 
British Broadcasting Corp. 
A fter show s a re seen in the s ta te s , L az aru s say s U.S. d i s ­ tributors are able to sell shows in 
Britain for about $15,ooo to $2o,ooo an hour. To reproduce the show in 
B ritain would cost s e v e ra l hundred thousand dollars. 
Som etim es the econom ic and audience appeal of U.S. show s aren’t a happy mixture. 
In France, where “ Kojak" takes the ra tin g s a g a in s t locally produced shows on two competing stations, actors and TV producers struck for weeks dem anding an increase in local programs. 

But in Japan, only a handful of 
U.S. shows m ake it onto prim e tim e, say sp o k esm en , b ec au se local view ers p refer J a p a n e s e productions. 

Lower 
And in Germany, a spokesman for ZDF, one of two n a tio n a l networks, says, “ G enerally one can say that the U.S. crime series bought by ZDF are acceptable to the public, but d e s p ite th e ir polished production have lower switch-on quotas than rival G er­ man productions." 

In small nations, the cost factor becomes most evident. In Peru, for exam ple, a half-hour show sells for utiout $135. 

“ Just to light a stage would cost them more than it will cost to buy the whole program from an ex­ to rter," says Harper, 
In tiny H onduras, one of two sta tio n s in the c a p ita l of 
Tegucigalpa airs almost all U.S. 

 shows for its four hours of nightly television. 

"Culturally, it leaves a lot to be desired," says government trade spokesm an M ario M artin, who decries the U.S. influence p e r ­ meating his country via the tube. 
“ C onsum ption p a tte rn s a re in ­ fluenced — ta ste s in h o m e s, decorating, consumer goods." 
Costly 
Local programs, such as sports or news, are seen on the Honduras capital’s other station, hut Martin concedes that the cost of produc­ ing entertainm ent d ram a in the tiny C en tral A m erican natio n would be prohibitive. 

About a third of the hom es in 
H onduras have TV se ts, sa y s 
Martin, but television reaches a majority of residents because they watch TV at a neighbor's house or go to the cantinas. 

Situation comedies like “ Happy 
Days” occasionally are sold to overseas markets. Yoshikazu Ta- kuchi, Japanese vice consul in Los 
Angeles, says viewers in his na­ tion don’t understand the jokes but watch in fascination to see what life in America is like. 

F o x ’s 
H a rp e r says so m e comedies, like “ M*A*S*H." cap be made marketable only by “ prac­ tically rewriting the script" du r­ ing the dubbing process. 

“ We got the b est co m e d y writers we could find in Me ti co 
City. Half the jokes in our Spanish version are translated into com ­ pletely different m eanings." 
• 

C h a n ge s 
Colum bia’s Lazarus says that dialogue re fe rrin g to d ru g s Js sometijnes altered for Mexico and other markets. 
A reference Jo heroin, for ex a m p le , could be tra n s la te d into 
“ d a n g e ro u s powder," during the dubbing 

Sy n d icato rs are re lu c ta n t t ‘» discuss the importance of the in­ ternational m arket to their eoih panics, But the fait that none of the hundreds of shows currently available from a handful of syn­ dicator* and production com pan­ ies has been produced expressly for foreign distribution is an in dication that the m ulti-m illiQ n dollar market is an adjunct, not a staple, to the billion dollar U & 
TV industry. 

 electrocuted in South Carolina in 1944 for m u rd e r. The youngest girl was 
Birginia Christian, also black. 17 when she was electrocuted in V irginia in 
1912 for m urder. 

The first on record was Henry Wel­ come. race unknown, 18 when executed iii 1 DHI in Alabama for murder. 

Arkansas lawyer Jim m ie Wilson speaking about one teenager, Henry 
Lee (Hies, who was IS when he was arrested for killing a woman during a shoe store robbery: "I tried to explain to him what electrocution meant, but he just couldn't understand me. Fin­ ally he understood when someone at the prison told him he was going to he made into barbecued chicken." (Hies 

 is black and. Wilson says, mentally retarded. 

The sta te laws upheld by the Su­ p rem e Court last Ju ly req u ire that certain m itigating circum stances, in­ cluding a defendant’s youth, m ust be ta k en into a c co u n t in im p o s in g a sentence of death. 
A survey of 32 state statutes on the books at the time of the high court’s ruling turned up only seven which ab­ solutely forbade executing p erso n s under a certain age. Defendants under 
18 at the time of the crim e could not be executed in Colorado, C onnecticut, 
Maryland, New York and New Mexico. 
That also was the m inim um age in 
California, but a state court recently struck down the death penalty law for rea so n s u n re la te d to age. 
New 
Hampshire set the m inimum age at 17. 

Though a num ber of states include youth as a mitigating factor, the legis­ lation suggests that age has not been an important issue in the death penalty debates across the country. 
One reason is that most states allow children to he tried in juvenile court, where the death penalty cannot be im ­ posed. 
But the National Council on Crime and D elin q u en cy r e p o rts a tren d among the states to lower the juvenile court age and send more teen-agers into adult court. 
That has followed an ap p aren t in­ crease in youth crim e — usually van­ dalism, purse-snatching and mugging, but sometimes murder. The FBI found 

I apital punishment is once again the law of the land. But putting children to death? A grisly through, though hardly far fetched. With the num ber of youthful offenders increasing, so may he the ultimate penalty some will have to pay. 

ASSO CIATED PRESS 

WASHINGTON - At George’s age, any other kid might be tin­ kering with a car, cramming for ex a m s, going out with g irls, agonizing over what to make of the many years of life stretching ahead. 
George is doing none of those things. 
He sits on death row waiting for the state to kill him. He is 17 years old. 
G eo rg e, G ary and S am m y and perhaps a dozen others have killed, and now the state insists that they, too, shall die. 
They are children of death 
They are children in the eyes of so­ ciety because they have not passed through the rites of adulthood, finished school, taken a steady job, established a home of their own, started a family. 
They have not staked a claim as a grown-up in the community. 
By the calendar, too, they are chil­ dren. George was 15 at the tim e he slam m ed a rock into P a m e la ’s head and killed her. Gary also was 15 when he shot and killed Mike. Sammy was 17 when Joan died by his hand. 
But they co m m itted a very adults 

 in several states. 

“Thou shalt give life for life, eye for eye ... wound for wound.” — Exedus 
21:23-25, The Old Testament. 

The sh ats that ran g out in U tah, cu ttin g down G ary G ilm o re last month, ended a 1o-year hiatus on ca­ pital punishment in the United States, but only the capital punishment laws of three sta te s — Texas, G eorgia and 
Florida — specifically have been ruled acceptable by the U.S. Supreme Court. 
Florida is w here George waits. 
Georgia is where Sammy and Gary wait. 
Inevitable 
Lawyers and judges on both sides of the debate on the death penalty agree that it’s inevitable that some young­ sters convicted of brutal m urders will be executed if the public continues to accept capital punishm ent “ I think there’s no question about that," said 
U.S. Circuit Judge J. Skelly Wright of the District of Columbia. 
It may he repulsive to a society that dotes on its children, but it is nothing new. 
From data compiled by the National 
Association for the A dvancem ent of 
Colored People, foe of the death pen­ alty: 

This country has executed 12H per­ sons who were 18 or younger, and 94 of them were black. The youngest was 
14-year-old George Stinney Jr., a black 

 crime — m urder. Under today’s laws, and with statistics showing an increase in violent .juvenile crim e, the children will nut be spared by the Juries. 
“ I guess there is something particu­ larly heinous about the crim e that they feel the person, despite his age, is a m onster and should be d estro y ed ,” said E. Barrett Prettym an, W ashing­ ton lawyer and foe of the death penalty. 
The children are among more than 
35o prisoners on death rows in 2o states awaiting execution in the electric chair or the gas ch a m b er, by hanging or before a firing squad. Just how many children is difficult to say because of the paucity of research on the subject and because of confusion about the le­ gal status of capital punishment laws 

 a 28 per cent increase in the num ber of persons under 18 arrested for m urder from 197o through 1975. The num ber of adults arrested for m urder during the period rose 22 per cent. 

"Justice for the child means exactly that, and there can be no justice in executing a child, any child, an y­ where.” —■ Report of a University of 
C hicago conference of judges, lawyers, teachers, social workers about 17 years ago. 

The case histories of G eorge and 
Gary and Sammy sound like so many other dram as of death. There are the victims. There are the survivors, find- 

C ontinued on next page 

 leading Our Closes! San Antonio Competitor 
By O ver 
2 ,1 9 1 ,1 9 8 Classified U N IS PER YEAR! 

.. 
-.■■■.iv i ; i 

Continued from previous page 

 inl; no comfort in the notion that a‘ mere stripling hurled such grief upon thjem. 
-3n December, three months after he 
Turfed IB, Gary Lee Hawes stood in a 
Saw th- Georgia courtroom and heard 
Ijjfihself sentenced to death. 
Ho was convicted of shooting Ste­ phen Michael Johnson, a 19-year-old checkout clerk, during an armed rob­ bery in a supermarket in Clinch Coun­ ts!" Ga.. last April 2o. Hawes is black, 
Johnson w as white. Haw es’ two older brothers were convicted in the same case, but they were sentenced to life in prison. 
' ‘borne kids get off, some don’t,’’ said Millard Farmer of Atlanta, head outlie Southern Poverty Law Center's death penalty defense project who is 
Representing Gary in appealing his case to the Georgia Supreme Court. 
“ Gary was the person who had the gun rn his hand and fired the shot. But it went off accidentally or something. He never intended to kill the man.” 
The Hawes brothers are from Flori­ da. where their fam ily still lives. 
‘ They're poor people, and unable to 

Farmer described the Cook County sheriff as a “ humane man who will take care of him (Gary) and see that there aren’t any homosexual attacks on him.” But he said he fears for Gary if the state transfers him to the Reids­ ville Prison s death row. 

“ The doctors found he was sane, and 
I have to accept that.” said Mrs. 
Vasser. “ I saw him in the courtroom. 
He didn't show any emotion whatso­ ever, no sign of remorse." 

Both families were churchgoers, the 
Passers at the Church of Christ and the 
Vasils at the Greek Orthodox Church. 
Pdin “ would take her Bible to church and look up verses, and she had talked about being baptized,” said her mother. George was an altar boy 

“ All he is, is just a child really.” — 
Sammy’s lawyer. 

According to prosecutor Joseph Bri­ ley, Sammy Gibson “ was just a run of the mill 17-year-old” when he killed and raped Joan Bryan in her Gray, 
Ga., home while her 3-year-old Stacey watched. Gibson is black, Mrs. Bryan was white. 
Briley asked for the death penalty. 
He has sought death for 12 men. got it for five. 
“ It weighs awful heavy to sit around the office and think about hav ing five peopel on death row,” he said. 
“ Course. I didn’t put ’em there. They put themselves there. None of tis is bloodthirsty.” 
Farmer also represents Gibson, and he is considering several avenues for appealing Gibson’s death sentence. 
The grounds, he says, are that the law 

. I ■ 
■ ■ 
• I 
H r W • • 
I i i ' i ■, 
Hr 
. pp.I ! 

U ii- ll! .I vt .ii brl' re Mil-- iud Clr parents had tried to get counseling for him." judge agreed. 
There was no evidence he was ever 
While the case is on appeal. George is involved with drugs, and he had no doing lbs growing up in a death row'cell previous arrests. 
;h I he Florida State Prison He told an interviewer from Corrections Maga- 
Because of George's age, his dean zinc. "I understand things more clear- record and the evidence of mental Iv now by being here. I just got to learn disturbance, Sehopp was startled when control myself — watch out bu­ tin* jury recommended death and the things.” 

 explain why their kids did th is,” 
Farmer said. “ But as wrong as they think it was. they don’t think he should be killed.” 
Hawes is held in the Cook County 
Jail, and on a recent visit. Farmer said 
Gary had only one request. “ He said. 
‘If I could just get a quiet place where I could read my Bible and not be around all this cussin.’ ” 

 was not applied correctly and ttint 
Gibson was not treated fairly. 
Sane 

But George was found to be legally sane, and prosecutors resisted the de­ fense effort to hav e him committed to an institution as a mentally disturbed sex offender. 

 r 
INTRODUCING 
THE NEW 1977 
I V All it takes is a phone 

 call ... 

★ FASCINATING ★ ENTERTAINING ★ HISTORIC ★AMUSING ★ RATED G 

; t O p U t 
( 

 t h e p o w e r 
* of Express-News 
WANT-ADS M tm 
' t o w o r k 
M 
A 
FOR YOU! 
A M 

Informative! 
Star Studded! 

Whatever the auh lect, The 
World Almanac is 976 pa^es of instant,answers. It sa guidebook to the world, a money book, a sports book, a science book, a news and events book, a history book, a people book anti more. It’s your book, priced at just 
$.1.25. Now on sale at our public service counter, newsstands, supermarkets, drug stores, wherever quality reading is soli!. Also available by mail with the convenient coupon below. (Jct your Copy of your Ixmk today. 

Morning stars. Evening stars. 
Stars of stage, screen and television. We also offer you the sun and the moon. Fascinating facts on nearly everything, including celebrities and noted personalities. Whether it’s interesting facts about people 
(awards, achievements, where born, birth/death dates) or nuggets of natural knowledge (cai th and space facts, geography, climatological data. maps). The 
1977 World Almanac and Ikxik of 
Facts is y our book. 

 u 
O 
O 
* fcOO"5' 

Call 
225-1666 
Exciting! 
THE WORLD ALMANAC 
& BOOK OF FACTS 
Revisit Montreal and the XXI Olympiad 
Relive the 76 World Series. Retally the U.S. 
Presidential election. Retrack the treks of the 
Apollo and Gemini explorers, review the triumphs and plunders of 3,ooo years of noteworthy historic happenings in the 
Memorable Dates section. All in The 1977 
World Almanac, the book that s a dozen books in one. 

Co-Sponsored bv 

THE SAN ANTONIO 

[ S . A . I X P R E S S - N t W 
S W O R L D A L M A N A C 
P O Bo* 49J8 
! Chicago, Minoa 6o68o 

I PU-Q tf rn* to p ..# 
<>♦ I S * 
1 9 / Z W n ild A lm ont* I 
J em lot* rn* th*<k O' m on#* o irj.r kn SJ SJ *o« tro th cop* 

I Q ld * i* d I S3 
2 5 p l o t 6o t e n t * poO rjy* O ' • <i hr j n illin g | j NAME 

I ADDRESS 
, 
. 
.. . 

[ city state 
. ZIP 

 iMiik* <hwch». m on#., c d+n lo W o ld A lm ont* 
‘ 
A llo* IS#** 
I Itil j 

THE AUTHORITY SINCE 1868 

THE SAN ANTONIO 
EXPRESS NEWS 
W hen you have good item s around your hom e which you no longer use, w hy not exchange them for cash? 
All you hove to do is give us a call. A friend ly 
A d-V isor w ill help you place your ad fo r quick response. 

W h y not m ake the call today? 

San Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— Sunday February 2o 1977 

San Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— Sunday February 2o 1977 ittle tasks, big worries 

Christine Pacetti 
SA C s ram ps and Kenneth Thompson use one of 

By CHERYL COGGINS 
('limbing stairs and punching elevator buttons aren't usually major worries for the college student. 
But for disabled students like Chris­ ti no Pacetti and Kenneth Thompson, getting to and from classes at San 
Antonio College may be the hardest part of their day. 
Christine, stricken at eight months of age with polio, is unable to raise her arms and one of her legs. 
Kenneth has been paralyzed from the waist down from a back injury he has had since birth 
But the two, along with about 5oo other handicapped students at SAC, are trying to make the journey from pitied shut-in to active* citizen. 
Christine, the* mother of a 4-year-old daughter, remembers being unable to hold her when she was a baby in her arms . 
“ I had to pick her up with my teeth.” she said, demonstrating how she lifts her own arm by grabbing a sleeve with her teeth. 
But the* baby “ learned to hold on like a little monkey.” Christine said, and she has managed her household with­ out outside* help. 

Like many disabled people*. Chris­ 

7 f’s not just a m atter o f getting into a bu ildin g. We can't w alk very f a r either. ’ 

 tine grew tired of staying at home. “ I got so desperate staying in the house I thought I would go crazy,” she said. 
She was limited in her outings be­ cause her husband requires their ear for work, and Christine can not lift her legs well enough to board a bus 

“What my husband and I decided is that we’d just spend the money on taxis. I feel I’ve go an active mind and 
I ve* got to get out,” she said. 
Although unable to walk. Kenneth is somewhat more mobile than Christine. 
He* can drive a ear specially built for handicaps such as his. 
N et without the foresight of planners at SAC. neither Christine nor Kenneth would have been able to attend the college. 
The sc hool has taken major steps to ease a tough road for handicapped students, the two said 
SAC has constructed ramps to most of the* buildings, and only two are now inaccessible to students with walking handicaps. 

Most basic courses are in the Moody 
Learning Center so traveling across campus between classes is minimized. 
“ It's not just a matter of getting into a building. We can't walk very far either,” Christine explained. 
Elevators are another stum bling block for some disabled students. 
Buttons m ust be low enough for those in wheelchairs to reach, and the elevator itself must be large enough to accommodate the* chairs. 
Parking for the handicapped is a major problem and the college can dei little to ease* it unless it buys more land. Kenneth said. 
“ There are over 5oo disabled stu- dents and a little over 5o parking spaces,” he said. 
Some spaces are m arked slightly wider and are closer to the buildings, but Kenneth arrives at school at least an hour early to try for one of the spaces. t hristino doesn't have a parking problem, but she does have trouble with transportation. 
Teaching — the right choice 

By VERONICA 
SALAZAR 
Frustration was tho first career ob­ stacle 
Valdem ar 
Rodriguez had to overcome. 
As many D epression era youngsters did. Ro­ driguez. worked hard for his education and, b e ­ cause he lacked enough money, he was forced to abandon a goal to be a doctor or engineer. In­ stead , he went into teaching. 
That turning point led to a rewarding career. 
Rodriguez is professor of history at Sari Antonio 
College, lh* was the first 
Mexican - American Ph.D. at 
SAC and the only one for Kl years 
He thinks back and feels fo rtu nate that things turned out the wav they did. “ The career has been very good lo me,” lie says. 
Rodriguez knows his work because he has taught ut all levels and all ages, from elem en ­ tary schools to college. 
Mathis 
The career has taken 
Rodriguez from Mathis w here he sta rte d his teaching carcer in 1941 making $9(1 a month to 
Kingsville vvhere he was the first Mexican-Ameri- ean teaching the junior high level in tin* latents 
The Htl-yeur-old Kings­ ville native, one of three c hildren, re m e m b e rs thai as a school boy he worked extra hard i i i the summers to buy clothes and shoes for school. He bought shoes one size large so he wouldn't out­ grow them so last. 
Rodriguez worked the cotton fields in the sur­ rounding areas of Kings- v lilt* and had a newspaper route. He was a brig h t stu d en t. Hi grades in school showed him that he could pursue any thing but he chose history because he had good history teachers in high school. 
Texas A&I lh* enrolled at Texas 
A&l U niversity after g ra d u a tin g from high school. He recalls that 
SHO covered all his tuition including hooks. 
Hi borrowed tuition money tor five se m e ste rs until he started teaching cit! zenship classes, which 

I st kI him $24 a week 
Rodriguez obtained his bachelor of arts degree in 
1929. For two years hi couldn’t find a teaching job anywhere. He contin* in**! teaching the citizen­ ship classes until 1941 

DEDICATIO N REW ARDED 

 enrolled at Texas A&I w here he obtained his masters degree in history with a minor in educa­ tion. 

Rodriguez then went to 
P T -Austin to get his 
Ph I) When his (ii bill ran out bt* received a teaching fellowship He also taught in the public schools. 
Rodriguez ob­ tained Ills Ph D. in 1959. 
For his dissertation he studied the reopening of the National I niversity oi Mexico iii 191o. As part of his study he inter* v jewed 12 of the ex-pre­ sidents (“ recto res") of the university who were 
Mi ill living at the tune. 

 students. 
He acquired the rank of major in four years and came to San 
Antonio in 
19o4. 
He taught in the San Antonio 
Independent 
School 
District for a year. 

Later at SAL he was instrumental in starting a special social science program for u n derp re­ pared students. 

Rodriguez sees a bright future for Mexi­ can-Ai nor lea us because for the first tim e they have identified th e m ­ selves with their past. 
Tills can lie seen in every 
Held of endeavor, he savs. 

— something we have in­ herited from the Indian and the Spaniard — and realize our potentials and further explore tin* pos­ sibility of how to work for the advancement of un- d erp re p a red 
Mexican 
Americans.” he asserts. 
Perhaps the most diffi­ cult barrier to penetrate, 
Rodriguez believes, is the 
“ ingrown 
Anglo 
American prejudices tow ards the Mexican- 
American. The common 

Major 
Reality 

In 19l?(l Rodriguez went to New Mexico Military 
Institute where he had 
Roger St a u bae Ii, future quarterback of tin* Dallas 
Lowboys, as one of his 

“ We are beginning to look al ourselves as we are with bright a sp ira ­ tions for the future,- he say s. 

“ We must lace reality 
Voldemar* R odrigue* 

 prejudices against the 
Mexican American in the 
Southwest may be d i­ minishing due to cultural and social amalgamation processes. 
“ We must learn to de­ mand firmly and unob­ trusively the equality in civil and institutional matters to which we are entitled. 
“ If social assimilation is to be achieved it will have to come as a result of a desire on both sides to accept each other — and not as a result of a dem and on the part of one for personal accep­ tance iii the absence of a genuine desire on the part of the other,” he de­ clares. 
Rodriguez belongs to tin* American Historical 
Association and Texas 
Junior College Teachers 
Assn. 
He serves as chairman of the history session for the T.H’TA convention to he held in 
San Antonio in April. He served on the Commis shin on Higher Education in 
New 
Mexico in 
19H2-19H4 

 iW ’C riii 4 days only. 
Ai 

She s been taking a taxi to school and other places in the city when her hus­ band can not give her rides. 
“ I have no other way to get here. It s terribly expensive,” she said. 
Help for problems such as these is available through a state funded office at the school established to aid the handicapped. 
It’s called PEOPLE -P e o p le Ena­ bling Other People to Live Equally. 
Through PEOPLE and its student branch, note ta k e rs, w heelchair pushers and readers are available to the handicapped. 
The PEOPLE office at SAC has more projects for the handicapped than most other schools in the state, said Van Clegg, a peer counselor. 
Christine and Kenneth, president and vice-president of the student branch of PEOPLE, want to see the handicapped student integrated into regular student life. 
Although getting around the campus is difficult, working with the non-han­ dicapped student sometimes poses a more complex problem, they said 
“ Students aren’t exactly rude, but they tend to ignore you They never really become your friend.” Christine said. 
“ Some people are afraid to help. 
They’re afraid they'll get snapped at.” 
Kenneth added. 

We must leu rn 

* d e m a n d the i/u n lity to 
Ii ii'It w e a re at it led' 

CUSTOM SHOP DRAPERY SALE ] 
5o% off fabric for lining and sheers when you buy draperies custom-made by Wards. 

Choose lovely sheer under-curtains and our fine 
K ent lining both for halPprice w hen you buy draperies at regular price. Call soon and a r ­ range an appointm ent to have a decorator bring sw atches to your home. Choose from over 15oo color/fabric combinations. W e’ll ta k e m easu re­ ments, give you a free estim ate. Drapery fabrics, valances, labor an d installation at regular prices. 

Big carpet sale! 
Today’s lush textured plush at buy-now prices. 
2o% off all textured plush carpets. 

•*{ 

* 

• 86 beautiful multi-tone and solid colors 
• Eaay-care fibers— nylon, polyester, more 
SHOP AT HOME! Call for free estim ate. 

Sale prices as low as 

Soften every step. Use our 
I 
Omalon carpet cushion. 

Save V3 to V2 now on room-size rugs 

Choose from a super selection of styles, fibers, colors! Textured shag, loop, sculptured, more in rugged nylon, acrylic and other fibers. Some with cushiony foam back. All edges finished. 
2o% off. 

O ur stylish custom -m ade woven woods. 

Choose from a variety of styles and colors. 
Our decorator will bring swatches to you, take measurements, give a fret* estimate. 

 when his first teachin opportunity c a m e hi 
Mathis. After 18 month he returned to his horn* town and taught until 
1943 at which tim e hi joined Army. 
While in the service hi taught under the 8th 
Army Service Command for a year. At Fort Sam 
Houston he was selected out of 4o in San Antonio to go to Puerto Rico to teach 
English After a year and a half the school closed and he rem ain ed as counselor for those being discharged. 
In 1948 he returned to 
Kingsville and continued teaching. He took advan­ tage of the (ll bill aud 

We make House C e d is. Our decorator will visit you in your own home to help you choose the right styles, colors and fabrics for your specific needs See swatches of fa bries for draperies, slipcovers, bedspreads, upholstery*, shades—more. 
654-2373 

J ffn tf O 'MOC*SS I 
O lin 

’Jute-back only. Does not include spectul-order merchandise and remnants 

\ 

24% savings. 

Green up with our movable plant stands. 

GS Rich walnut-grained steel cart has 3 tiered sh elv es. 2 4 “ high, 36' wide; IO, 16"d shelves. 

 lf] B righ t w hite steel c e n te r haH d eco rativ e plastic corner accents 
3ox3o”; IO, 16*d shelves. 

Your choice 
88 
13 
Regularly 1S.49 

Shop us for the good buys. 

WONDERLAND MALL 
Fredericksburg Road at Loop 41o 
Open IO a.m. until 9 p.m. daily 
WINDSOR PARK MALL 
1H 35 North at W alzem Road 
Open IO a.m. until 9 p.m. daily 
MCCRELESS MALL 
South New Braunfels at Southcross 
Open IO a.m. until 9 p.m. daily 

Sears 
Where America shops 

S K A W * , H O M U T H A N H C O , 
Satisfaction Guaranteed or Your Money Back 

I I l l s \l> I s OI It XX MKI) ll it» backe d by Hears Advertising Pulley which the Kale, we will reorder for you al the sule price, requires every advertised item It* he supported iii 
T h is does not apply to sperm! p u rch ase, clearance each store with sufficient merchandise . . . It we g nd closeout sales where quantities are limited, should run out ol any reduced priced item during 
Doh tilovt ii Plaza Store 
Milliard I lr I vt* S h irr 
I re tr a l Park 
Spire 
Soledad al N avarro al Pleasanton Hoad 
'S*'1 P ed ro at Poop IIH 
Mon. and Tliur*. 9 :3 o -9 
Mon. thru Sal, 
Mow- thru Sal. 
XII other duo* •It.'MMi 
9;3o-9 
9;3o-9 

Model No. 
La purity lil t ll feature*. 

Ult* 

( I t l l ll per nail) 

Regular prier 

H ill he n a m ; PRK I 
77o89 
8.ooo 
Itigh efficiency; with Super Thru*! 
9.1 
§299.95 
271.95 

77159 
15.ooo 
Large capacity; with Super I hru-I** 
o.3 
$.159.95 
.121.95 

771 HO 
18,ooo 
Large capacity; with Super Thru-!** 
7.I* 
$399.95 
.159.95 

*KKR- I he huergy I.ffieieiiey Kalium is the uiiioiinl of rooting delivered per wall of eleetrifily. 
**Requires 2,'ltl volt Hiring. 

Sa Hill plaee the XX onion Air 
(Conditioner von select in l.nva wav. 

Salt* prices thru 
S at., Feb. 2 6 

• San Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— Sunday February 2o I 977 
Page 
I-J 

Most items at reduced prices 

 high-efficiency central air conditioning 

' 7 (d) 11 

Sears Pricing Policy 

I f a n i t e m is no t d e s c r i b e d a s r e d u c e d or a s p e c i a l p u r c h a s e it is a t its r e g u l a r p ri c e. A s p e c i a l p u r c h a s e t h o u g h n o t r e d u c e d , is a n e x c e p t i o n a l va lu e. 

Robert Cartmell eyes the Texas 
Cyclone in Houston. 
AP WiRIPHOTO 

ASSOCIAUD PRESS 

HOUSTON — A 54-year-old grandmother says it's tin1 only plaee in American society where it s acceptable to scream. 

Another says it's like h ittin g y o u r s e l f in the head re pe ated ly with a h a m m e r . It fe e ls g o b i only lifter you <|uit. 
“ It’s the greatest thrill on thi s p l a n e t , ” said 
State University of New 
Y o r k a r t p r o f e s s o r 
Robert Cartmell. 
All were trying to do­ se r i he why th e y a r e m em bers of a fast-grow­ ing cult of thrill seekers who trav el the cou n try much like surfer s coml) the s h o r e l i n e s s e e k i n g the ultimate wave. 
C a r t m e l l and his friends I un to a different d r u m m e r — they a r e roller coaster freaks. 
Why? 
Even these huffs can't explain adequately why they repeatedly sub je ct t h e i r b o die s to 9o-foot dro ps at s p e e d s of HO miles per hour, neck- popping turns, and dou­ bled body weigh t fro m the force of gra\ tty at the bottom of the dips. 
A ri d e on a m a j o r roller c o a s t e r is a two- minute e sc a p e from all earth ly c a r e s . It s t a r t s with a slow chain-driven cl im I) to the top of the firs t drop, u s u a lly the biggest on the ride*. 
Less than two minutes taters, the travelers are ret ur ne d to an upright position, most w itll a new faith in a supreme being and a vow — to get hack on and ride again. 
Cartmell, the reigning g u r u of the t r a v e l i n g r o l le r c o a s t e r s et . has ridden 119 roller coasters aud may be the leading authority on them. 

It imtk 
.'Kl rid vs fo r him Ut roto the Texas 
( xvione %i*. I 

A fter p a i n s t a k i n g r e ­ s e a r c h , C a r t m e l l p u b ­ lished his firs t T o p 111 roller coaster rankings iii the New Yo rk T i m e s in 
1974. Ile has now revised that list with a new No. I ranked coaster, the T e x ­ as Cyclone at Houston’s 
Astrovvorld, a replica of 
B r o o k l y n ' s l a m e d C y ­ clone at Coney Island. 
History 
Cartmell recently c o m ­ pleted an exhibit, for the 
Smithsonian Institute on l h # h is to r y of r o l l e r coasters and has written a iMJok on the history of amusement parks. 
C a r t m e l l a lso has pr oven he will go a n y ­ where, anytime to test a new coa st er. While su f­ fering from pneumonia, 
C a r t m e l l i g n o r e d his doctor’s orders and flew here lust year to ride the* 
T e x a s C y c l o n e for the lirst time. 
"I told my doctor I just cbuldn’t pass up the op­ p o r t u n i t y , ” 
C a r t m e l l said " ! guess this really will brand me as some kind of a nut " 
C a r t m e l l s t a r t e d his l a s e i n a i o n with r o l l e r coasters as a H-year-old in C a l i f o r n i a and has been hooked for life His i n t e r e s t i n t e n s i f i e d in 
1969 when he started do­ ing r esear ch . After rid­ ing the T e x a s C y c l o n e 

7 love that first drtt/t' 

 about 3o times, Cartmell decided to give it the top h i lli n g , d r o p p i n g the p r e v io u s l e a d e r , the* 
T h u n d e r b o l t at 
W est 
Mifflin. Pa. to No. 2. 
M i s t e r 
T w i s t e r at 
Denver, Colo, moved into the rankings for the first time at No. 3. The Coney 
Island Cyclone, t erm ed by 
C a r t m e l l as the w o r l d ’ s m o s t f a m o u s coaster, is fourth. 
The rest of the Top IO includes: Ii, the Com et, 
Crystal B e a c h , Ontario; 
7, the G i a n t C o a s t e r , 
Nantasket Beach. Mass.; 
8. The Rac er, Mexico Ci­ ty; 9 the Giant Dipper, 
Santa Cruz, Calif; and IO, the Coa ster, Allentown, 
Pa. 
Tin* Racer in Cincinna­ ti. Ohio, No. 8 on Cart- m ell’s first listing, and the Cyclone at D env er, previously No. IO, were forced off the new listing by M i s t e r T w i s t e r and the Texas Cyc lone. 
“ The Thunderbolt is un o u t s t a n d in g r o u s t e r . ” 
Cartmell said,. " B u t the 
T e x a s Cy cl o n e is m o r e what people think of as b ein g a r o l l e r c o a s t e r ride*. You can ride it over and over and if you know every inch of the truck, it still will thrill you. 
“ I love that first drop," 
C a r t m e l l s a id . “ Most r o l le r c o a s t e r s h a v e a good first drop and then the rest of the ride is a bo re . 
T h e 
T e x a s C y ­ clone 's first drop is so stee p (53 d e g r e e s ) you lee! like i t 's g o i n g to bend h a c k u n d e r the truck.. 
Unfair 
“ The Thunderbolt has a 9o-foot drop at the fin­ 

 ish. It is unique because it has its highest drop at the finish. It’s an ingen­ ious c o a s t e r — d o u b le l e ve le d , with all the wi cke r p a rt # hidden so you don’t know w h a t ’s coming. T h a t ’s unfair." 
I f s safe as long as you stay in your seat, he said. 
“ When I ride a roller c o a s t e r . I a lw a y s keep both hands on the liar," 
C a r t m e l l s a i d . 
“ A c ­ c id e n t s a l w a y s h ap p en when someliody is trying to show off. I tell ever- vbdy if you stay in your seat, you'll survive." 
B e r a use of his articles 

 iii the New York T i m e s and other p u b lic at io ns , 
Cartmell has built up a c o r r e s p o n d e n c e list of about 5.o(JU other roller coaster enthusiasts. 
" I got a letter from a teenage girl with a pic­ ture showing he r st an d ­ ing up iii the ba ck of a moving roller c o a s t e r , " 
Cartmell said. “ She said if I was s u c h a r o l l e r coaster ex|>ert had I ever ri dde n b a c k w a r d , or changed seats during a ride'?” 
Cartmell also got a let- u*r from thru* test pilots who wanted to enter their most thrilling ride lo his list — one of their test planes called the “ Vomit 
Comet.” 
“ T h e f i r s t d ro p is 
2U.UUU feet " the le tt e r sai d . 

SAVE *25 to *45 on window 

 air conditioners 

S A 
V 
E 
$ 
2 
5 
. . . 5 
, o 
o 
o 
B 
T 
U 
I I 

T h e r m o s t a t c o n t r o l 
U vular price helps maintain temper- will be atli re you select. Sim ­ plified, Quick-Mount installation. 
1 7 4 95 

C oaster freaks like it scary 
'1o% Off inst 
’ of all central air conditioners thru March 31 

Prices start as low as 

$ 1 2 9 
Sears regular prin 

1,5oo B i ll 11 

Sale pr ie rs I l i m Sat., I eh. 2(» 

R e g u la r $ 3 6 5 
*48o 
2 2 ,o o o BTUII condensing unit, A-coil 

B u y now a n d you'll b e r e a d y t o e n j o y cool 

 et un tort t h e first hot d a y o f t h e s u m m e r sea s o n . H a s e l e c t r o n i c o u t d o o r s e n s o r s t h a t 

 a u t o m a t i c a l l y se l e c t t h e m o s t e f f i c i e n t fan s p e e d . Q u i e t r u n n i n g w i t h u p w a r d s a i r dis 

 c h a r g e . 

Regular $ 4 4 .9 9 
39” 

 s in g le tooter 
Save 51% on 9-PC . 
Cookware Set 

SALE 2 9 ” 

11776 

Kenmore ( compactor for trash disposal 

J . U J 8 8 
Special Purchus* 
(Convenient 

 tubing, thermostat and installation extra 

Demonstration and SALE 

9 
| l 
^ k 
. 
1 
^ 
A l l l l k l 

A R C O A L - W A T E R 
SMOKER 

C h a r c o a l - s m o k e a n d s t e a m m i n g le w i t h m e a t j u i c e s f o r a t a s t e s e n s a ­ t i o n ! H e l p s p r e v e n t m e a t s h ri ll k a g e , too. d r i l l h o l d s 2 o lbs. U p to 
12 h o u r s c o n t i n u o u s co o k in g . R e d , b l a c k . 

Regular I31.99 double cooker . . . 19.99 
L o o k e r s on S a le M onday O nlv 

SEE T H ESE SMOKERS DEMONSTRATED ON 
MONDAY, FEBRUARY 2 1 , 1 o :3 o A.M. TO 6 :3 o P.M. 
AT SEARS T H R EE DEPARTMENT STORES 

Reg. separate open stock Spring ’77 
Catalog prices total $61.94! Teflon coated interiors, many colors. I, 2-qt. covered saucepans, 5-qt. Dutch oven, 
1o-in. skillet, and more! 

Sale price ihru W ed., Feb. 2 3 

Save $ 1 .5 5 tin our laundry detergent 

4 44 . 
.. 
„ 
* 
15 lbs. 

Removes as nim ti soil a, the nation's leudmg de­ tergent. Just 7111' per 

Hush load. 

Sale prices thru Sat., l eb. 2 6 

• llo u s e n a r e s 

Compresses b u tle s , butties, tin cutis ami food 

 wastes. T h e convenient slep-on-it opener lets you o p e n die drawer even if bands are full. 

Euny-to-ebaiige front color panel. 

'/i-H P K enm ore diopusrr unit 

H**g. § 4 9 . 9 9 
3 9 * « 
Kenmore disposer ha, qiliek-moMUl eoilar lo aid do-it-yourself inst al tai ion. 

Sub* prices* thru Sat., Feb. 2 6 

• K it) lieu IM.in n in g 

System 
22.(HK) 
25,(HH) 
28,ooo 

.'12,ooo 
35,ooo 

K K R (Energy 
Efficiency KhIiiik) 

7.o 

All systems rated in aeeordanee vs ill* Air 
Conditioning and Refrigeration Institute 
Standard 2 1o-7 I 

 a H U I 
I M H ! VI OK IX 
HANDLE H im I UMH) I I 
LOOKING It WPI IIVI! Kl 

 b ELECTROSTATIC H s|o% 
HINISH OS S T EE L HI 
LA STIN G Ut H A M I l l 
AINU BEAUTY 

 c GLASS-K ILLED NYLON, 
H E A T AND W EA IIILH 
RESISTANT HANDLES 
\ r 'x i x t 

 d MI KONO PLA I LD MOI IS 
OLD I P TO 2o I Its 
AMI 

H OI 
WATCH LO M A IV R 
REDUCES to o l) SORIN. 
K A G E A M ) PH LA I M S 
HHH) RI H M V . 

I 
IS L H . L o A K I O A I. 
— HOI IDR tOR I P IO 12 
HHS. OI LON I IM OI s 
( OOM NL 

Hranlnr 
Price 
$5(>5 
§5»>5 
§625 

$(»OQ 

Sale 
IVice 

It,IHM) 
LB,(NM) 

$ IBI) 
$5o5 

$HI5 

* 

San Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— Sunday February 2o 19 7 7 
U.S. may share war crime blam e 

N f W YORK TIMIS Sl RV ICl 
BONN 
- Three decades after World 
War l l . West G er­ man and American scholars here have begun taking a new look at the issue of war crimes and are assertin g that the 
United States and the 
Western allies share moral responsibility for some of the worst atrocities. 
Two books be ing p u b ­ lisher! in West G e rm a n y this y e a r c h a l l e n g e th e acce pted view of two of 
(lie key events of the end of the w ar — the N u r e m ­ b e r g t r i a l s a n d th e ex- 

Tht* Nuremberg indictments have had no deterrent effect' 

President R oo sev elt r e p o r t e d l y s u p ­ p r e s s e d w o r d o f a massacre 

 p u l s i o n of I lf m i l l i o n 
G e r m a n s fr o m the e a s ­ t e r n t e r r i t o r i e s c o n ­ q u e r e d by t h e S ovie t 
Army. 
West G e rm a n s — both w rit e rs and the re a d in g publi c — have been r e ­ e x a m i n i n g t h e i r Nazi p a s t in tile last live y e a r s , w ith a s e r i e s of hooks and m e m o ir s that have become best sellers 
W e r n e r 
M a s e r , a a t -y e a r-old r e s e a r c h e r . h a s p u b l i s h e d th e fi rst m a j o r c r i t i c a l look at 
N u re m b e r g by a G e rm a n h i s t o r i a n . He a d j u d g e s the tr ibunal a failure i i i o n e m a j o r p u r p o s e : it 

 never set a m ora l e x a m ­ ple for following g e n e r a ­ tions. 
His book. “ T r i a l of a 
N a t i o n . " is to be p u b ­ li s h e d in till' 
U n ite d 
States by H a rper & Row later this year. Dr. Maser said in an interview: “ It was a fair tribunal; after so m a n y a w fu l c r i m e s , th e s e p e o p le h a d to be t r i e d . T h e p r o b l e m is that the N u r e m b e r g in ­ d i c t m e n t s h a v e had no d e t e r r e n t e f f e c t s i n c e then.’* 
Taint 
P a r t l y , 
D r. 
M a s e r a r g u e s , th is is b e c a u s e the Western powers, then a l l i e d w ith t h e Sovie t 
Union, wished to ignore the Nazi-Sov let allianc e of I {Cill-I I th a t e n a b le d 
Hitler to m a r c h into P o­ land and a start the war. 
I g n o r i n g t h i s f a c t o r at the N u re m b e r g trials, he says. tainted their moral authority. 
P re side nt F ranklin D 
R o o s e v e l t . th e G e r m a n hook states, even forbade a f o r m e r 
A m e r i c a n a m b a s s a d o r to p u b li s h details of the m a s s a c re of 
11,ooo 
P o l i s h w a r prisoners, appare ntly by 
Soviet personnel, i i i the 
Katyn Forest. 
Dr. M a s e r d o e s not d is p u te the rig ht of the victors to have tried the ma jor Nazi cri minals, fir even, by an d large , the way they did it. 
"With the exception of th e m i l i t u r v o f f i c e r s . 
(Jeu 
A l l r e d .lodl and 
A d m . Ixarl D o m t z . Hie v e r d i c t s w e r e a p p r o ­ p r i a t e . ” lie s a i d 
J o d i was executed and Don it/, was sentenced to Kl years in prison. 
Presidents 
‘ But all P re s id e n ts of th e 
U n i t e d 
S t a t e s of 
America, since N u r e m ­ b e r g , h a v e u n d e r t a k e n m ilita r y ac ti o n s ab ro ad w i t h o u t t h e c o n s e n t of 
C o n g r e s s . " he w r i t e s . 

" T r u m a n in 
K o r e a . 
E isenhow er in Lebanon. 
K e n n e d y in 
C u b a , 
Johnson in Vietnam and tin' Dominican Republic and Nixon in Cambodia. 
“ But even Adolf Hitler was not on any list of war c r i m i n a ls as long as he lived, and even Ids h ead ­ q u a r t e r s he w e r e not b o m b e d by th e a l l i e s , though they knew exactly where they were .” 
Th e 7oo-page G e r m a n edition has already been th ro u g h one p rin tin g in th e w e e k s i n c e it w a s published, and conserva­ tive G e rm a n newspapers h a v e h a i l e d it. But u l ­ t r a r i g h t i s t s looking for proof that the Nazis were moist justly con d em n e d for doing the sa m e things 
I heir enemies were doing will be disap p o in te d bv the book, which catalogs 
Nazi atrocities in n u m b ­ ing detail 
A you ng legal schol ar from New York, Alfred 
M de Zuysus, bas written a book a subject long t a ­ boo and ignored by G e r ­ man vv riters — the brutal e x p u ls io n of IU m ill io n 
G e r m a n s for from thei r homelands in Central and 
Eastern Europe after the 
Red Army moved in. The book. " N e m e s is at P o ts­ d a m . " h a s b e e n |»ul>- 

Sorietn hare committed lear crimes to o, a m u hook clo ims 

 li sh e d by R out l e d g e & 
K c g u n P a u l in B o sto n and i s i n be published i i i 
Munich this fall by C. ll. 
Beek d e Z a y a s , w ho is 29 y e a rs old and has a fel­ lowship at the University of G o t t i n g e n , e m p h a ­ si z e d : " I a m not r e ­ visionist 
B ’s just that I had ta k e n a n u m b e r el c o u r s e s in h i s t o r y at 

F o r d h a m an d H a r v a r d 
Law School, and this was lust n e v er m en tio n e d . I d o n ’t th i n k p e o p le o u t ­ s i d e 
G e r m a n y k n o w mu ch about it." 
‘Transfers’ 

T ru m a n . Churchill and 
Stalin agreed at Potsdam iii 19b> that the G e rm a n p o p u la t io n s of E a s t e r n 
E u r o p e should u n d e rg o tr a n s f e r to G e r m a n y " 

A d o l f 
H i t l e r w a s n e v e r li s t e d as a w a r criminal 

 but " i n ail o rd e r ly and h u m a n e m a n n e r . ” T h e de Z a v s a s bo ok m a k e s c l e a r th at th e last pro- v isjoii was not fulfilled. 
Out of consideration for t h e i r Soviet a l l y , th e 
W e s t e r n p o w e r s m a d e li t t l e a t t e m p t to fo r c e c o m p l i a n c e . Sov iet s o l ­ diers killed G e rm a n civi­ lians. raped women and burned homes as revenge tor the G erm a n d e v a s t a ­ tion of th e R u s s i a n h o ­ meland 
Until recently the su b ­ ject b a s b e e n t r e a t e d w uh a mixture of sh am e and resentment. But now it has begun to co me out into the open here. Die 
.Zeit. a weekly newspap er that helped lead the fight tor p u b l i c s u p p o r t of form er Chancellor Willy 
B r a n d t ’s t r e a t i e s of r e ­ conciliation with the So­ viet Union and East E u r ­ opean countries, recently pu b li sh ed an a r t i c l e by 
Lev K o p e l e v . a Sovie t major who was sickened bv the killings 

I 

A ...... 
NEW 
<BEAU TIFU L 
MUSIC 
STATION 

OVOAIFN 
STEREO -97 

 twin, full, queen ca- king 
AT ONE LOW PRICE 

Queen and king sizes sold only in sets 
EACH 
PIECE 

INNERSPRING OR SEROFOAM POLYURETHANE 

Hurry! Hurry! Hurry! 
Don’t miss this great buy. 
Now you can enjoy good firm support. With scien­ tific sag-resistant con­ struction. Plus hundreds of innerspring coils (494 c o ils in the king size alone). Or choose 5Vfc-in. 
Serofoam polyurethane. 
It’s equally firm. So, rise and shine. Rush to Sears. 
Offer ends Feb. 28th. 

2 - P e . 
Queen Set 

1 
1 
9 
7 6 

Mattress plus 
Box Spring 

3 - P e . 
King Set 

1 
7 
9 
6 4 

Mattress plus 
2 Box Springs 

FULL 
MATTRESS 
OR 
BOX SPRING 

O r b u y b o t h p i e c e s for I IR.TR 

Dial-a-stitch Kenmore zig-zag sewing machine head 

 th u d 
Only *79 

You can sew ... and ho easily with this K en ­ more zig-zag machine- Just dial for either straight or zig-zag stitch, adjust for length and width. You can darn; you can mend; you can even do buttonholes. Light, foot control included. 

S e a r * P r i c i n g P o l i c y . lf u n i t e m is n o t d e s c r i b e d u s r e d u c e d o r u s p e c i a l p u r ­ c h a s e , ii is u t its r e g u l a r p r i c e . 

Stretch-stitch zig-zag machine 

Sews fashions or mends in a jiffy . D ial zig-zag, straight. 2 st retell stitches. W ith loot con­ trol, case. 
Head (Inly 

FREE SELING INSTRUCTIONS w i t h UIIV K e n m o r e s e w i n g m a c h i n e 

Sears 
Where America shops 

Satisfaction Guaranteed or Your Money Hack 

D o m m o * ii P l a z a M o r e 
S o l e d a d a l N a t u r n * 
M o o a u d I b u r s . 9 :3 o - 9 
A ll o t h e r d a v s 9 :3 < M i 

M ilita r y l i m e M o n a l P l e a s a n t o n Md. 
M o n . i b m S a l. 

9 i3 o - 9 

C e n t r a l P a r k N o r 
S ail P e d r o a l L o o p 
M ott. t h r u S a t. 

9 :3 o -*# 

Son Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— Sunday February 2o 1977 

>■ ■ - 
* 

SAVE 

^o The plush carpet that’s a dream— iii looks, feel and easy care! 
J 
J 

Regular 
$12.99 sq. yd. 

A m erican D ream , a classic saxony shag plush with today’s ease-of-care! Of Trevira" polyester pile, this beautiful carpet comes in IO shimmering tone-on-tone colors to compliment room settings. Cushiony-soft yet bouncy, this durable carpet is resistant to stains. 
Come in or call Sears now to see this fabulous carpet. 

$ 3 .5 o G rande Finale cushion ............................ 
1.7 5 sq. yd. 

 the label of confidence 

You'll find this label on all Sears carpets with full descriptive inform ation 
See our m any fine values and check this label n o w 1 

P ric es G oo d th ru M o n .. I e h . 2 8 th 

Sears Authorized Carpet anti 
D rapery Cleaning Service 

Professional in-honse service utilizes the latest technique;* to 

 assure quality results 

Free estimates available 

• Fast, courteous 

 servicemen are trained to handle problem areas 

• Charge It on vour 
Sears Credit t.ard 

Cave drawings 

Two Wenatchee Valley College students in a western civilization class in Washington state spent I 9 hours and four quarts of paint making these pictures on a wall near Rock Island. The two said they made the paintings after trying to imagine being locked in a cave since the beginning of time and emerging into a confusing world. 
They painted as they thought precivilized man would. 

A P W I R t p M O t O 
Reno’s sot a new image 

Call 656-81oo 

Save *4 to *6 on Lyric 

 textured draperies 
97 t8x84-in. long 
Regular $ 15.99 pair ll pair 

Save *3 to $8. Sw irlaw ay 

 textured draperies 

1 8 x 8 t - in . long 

R e g u la r S I 9 . 9 9 p r. 

Size 
Regular priee 
SALE 

7 2 x 8 l-in . 
$ 2 8 .9 9 
2 3 .9 7 

96% 8 D in . 
$ 3 6 .9 9 
3 1 .9 7 

1 2 o *8 4 -in . 
$ 4 5 .9 9 
3 9 .9 7 

9 6 x 8 1 in. one way draw 
$ 3 9 .9 9 
3 3 .9 7 

*M/e 
Kegulur 
S L F I 
S A V E 

7 2 x 8 1 in. 
$ 3 8 .9 9 
3 3 .8 8 
$ 5 .o o 

9 6 x 8 1 in. 
$ 49.9*# 
4 3 .8 8 
$ 6 .o o 

1 2 o x 8 1 in. 
$ 6 2 .9 9 
5 5 .8 8 
$ 7 .o o 

I 1 4x84 in. 
$ 7 4.99 
6 6 .8 8 
$ 8 .o o 

Save on Spindrift panels 
99 
Regular $ 4 .1 9 pr. 
4ox63 in. long 

$2.99 Valance ..................................................... 
1 .8 9 

O ilie r wizes a I m » ON SA LFI 

Size 
H*-gular (»m* 
SALK 
SAVE 

48x84 in. 
$ 5 .4 9 
3 .7 9 
$ 1 .7 o 

6 o x 8 4 in. 
$ 6 9 9 
4 .9 9 
$ 2 .o o 

8 1 x 8 4 in. 
$1,o.99 
7 .9 9 
$ 3 .o o 

1 2 8 x 8 4 in. 
$ 1 8 .99 
1 2 .9 9 
$ 6 .o o 

J 

 l l 
I y i n . 

 r n 

ASSOCIATtD PRISS 
RENO, N e v . — ll was las! year that a 1o2-year-old woman walked into a downtown wed­ ding chapel here, followed by lier groom-to-be, aged 74. and her daughter, at least o5. 
After a plain and brief ceremony the daughter advised the chapel owners she would hi* back Seems sin1 had a matronly aunt, aged H2. who wanted til tie the knot with some fellow 
Such occurrences art' not the rule in this city's wedding chapels. Imt owners say m arriages are itll the upswing, business is better than ever. When that happens, there are bound to be some unusual eases. 
M arriage here is a m ulti-m illion dollar business, considering all the spin-off trade that couples and attend­ ing families generate. 
Time was when m arriage chapels were a questionable place to m arry. 
But no mon*, says Heart of Keno owner 
George Snelling 
If s cheap 

“ For $.1) to $75 in Reno, a couple can have a very nice ceremony with pho­ tographs and flowers The surround­ ings are pleasant and the ceremony will be something to remem ber. At home they could pay $5oo,’’ he said 
He said tfiere wen* just over 34.ooo licenses issued last year in Washoe 
County, which has 14 or 15 chapels. 
Clark County, where Las Vegas is located, had about 5o,ooo m arriage licenses issued last year Many chapels operate there There also are wedding chapels iii Douglas County — some near Luke Tahoe — and in < arson City, the state capitol 
For Reno, the m arriage statistics are somewhat of a turnaround of reputation in recent years 
Once the divorce cap ital of the world. Reno now prides itself on being a marriage capital. Divorces are eu- 

' W h e re else in .A m eri­ ca etui lira /iea/tle gel m a rrie d fa r $2(1?' 

 s o t to get now iii most states, and that dampened the trend iii tins resort town 
Now the chapels, with their neon lights and bright paint, beckon to tourists The Yellow Pages announce courtesy limousine service, tuxedo and wedding gown rentals, photography, flowers, receptions, ca­ tering. wedding announcements and special rales Most, of course, accept major credit cards. 
Clerk 
Marriage-bound couples in Reno can circumvent the chapel route by going lo the county clerk ’s office during daytim e hours, paying $Hl for a license, then paying the m a rriag e commissioner $25 to perform a civil ceremony. No blood test, no waiting. 
The county license cle rk ’s office is open 3H5 days a year from 8 a.m. until midnight, lint after 5 p m., the license costs $lfi and the commissioner's fee is 
$3o. 
But for those who want something less plain, the wedding chapels are waiting to oblige. 
Many chapels advertise 24 hour ser­ vice. 
“ For the couple that just wants to get m arried, with a simple nonden­ ominational service, where else in 
America can two people get married for $2o to $3o?” asked Snelling. 
“ Most of our business comes from neighboring states People call us. make plans, come to Reno with their family and friends, get married and enjoy themselves. Keno is attractive for a weekend marriage because ot gaming and the big name entertain­ ment. They can come here and have a nice time, a memorable honeymoon and be home Monday for work,” he aald. 

S tw k up on fashion hath towels at this low price! 

* 5 
H a t h s i/c 
22x42 in. 
3for 

*2 off! W ood look drapery rode 

Wk $13.99, 3o lo 52-in. rod ....... 11.97 

$22.99, 52 lo 9o-in. rod ....... 2o.97 

$29.99, 82 lo 15o-in. rod ... 27.97 

Price* Good thru Mon., Feb. 28th 

Regular $2.49 each. L)ai*>, plaid or stripe jacquards of looped cotton terry. Fringed borders. P in k , blue or green tones. 

Regular $2.49 each. Rose print of S ff/t cotton and I V t polyester, sheared on one side. Fringed borders. Pink, yellow or blue. 

$1.49 Hand towed* ....................... 1.2o 
89* W ashcloth ....................... 
7o* 

Who invented the balloon? 

T h e 1977 World Almanac knows, and you will too with your new copy of 
North America’s top iait-fiudcr The balloon was given breath by French inventor 
Montgolfier i i i 
1874 Inventions arid their inventors, from aerosol spray 
(Goodhue, ti S , 
1941) to zippers 
(Judson, ll S , 
1891) are but a 
\ few of the thousands of 
A s fascinating facts to 
Af be found in The |977 
World Alm anac— the book thats a dozen books in one Intriguing lad s of every sort make 
The 1977 World Almanac your book • If you’re more interested in what you can do with a balloon than who invented it. you can discover in the aerospace records sect Kin of the World Almanac the all time high ascent of Commander 
Malcolm D Ross whose huge balloon look him 34,668 meters up or roughly 21 and one-half miles • Whatever you're looking for. chances are you'll find it in the hew 976 page World Almanac, as fascinating as it is informative 
Get your copy of your book, priced al just I t 2Y at our public service counter, area bookstores, supermarkets, newsstands, drug stores or wherever quality reading is sold Also available by mail with the convenient coupon below 

Where America shops 

Tow el Price* Good thru Sat., Feb. 26th 

Ask About Sears Credit Plans 

HtARS. KOfcbUl K ANO I O 

Satisfaction Guaranteed or Your Money Back 

Downtown Plaza Store 
Soledad at N avarro 
Mon. and I h urt. 9 ;3 o -9 
All other days 9 :3 o -o 

M ilita ry Drive Store al Pleasanton Md. 
M on. thru Sat. 
9 s 3 o -9 

C entral Park Store 
"van Pedro at Loop t i f f 
M on. thru Sal. 
9 :3 o -9 

CO­ 

SPONSORED J 

BY 

THE 

EXPRESS- 

NEWS 

S A fX P it SS-NI W s WORLD ALMANAC 
R O. M a 49SR 
Chicago, Illinois AOA RO 

PIMM Mist aw r --r,„ IMM* ai TM W Y WwM Aiwan*! I dwtfc m M a y ••Aw I** U U Im Mdi <o#y m Ah*4 
(ti,ii p lo t AO ( M lv ( M v l« i * m n! j 

NAMI 
________ 

ADONIS 
----------------------------- 

 a n __________________ st a h __ no 
(M olto (Hock*, m oney ordo** to W orld A lm anac, 
A llo w th ro # wooti* for d e live ry .) 

 treatment 
AOMUMOIGRO'l 
Ihj^y gas treatment 
*©& re ^sOh\u% 

o4HCM 

Shock Absorbers 

Wide TO series 4-ply polyester 

\ 7 o - 1.4 M aekw all and old tire 
3o* 

W ide TO series footprin t h e lp s p ro vid e e x c e l l e n t traction. I strong polyester plies. Raised white letters. 

111* 
7o HW I imf ald lire 
Sear* price black* ill t»iu* 
I I .T, 
V TI * I I 
3 o .o o 
I *»♦, 
I 7o I I 
3 6 .o o 
....H ..... 
F7o-11 
3 8 .o o 
2.5 8 
67o-11 
2,71 

 h t 6 . i i 
A »■«!•» r j :h j . c lo . 15 
4 1 .o o 
L 
~‘ a ' 
117o-15 
12.oo 
3.oo 

ONLY 
8 8 

A T H - 1 'I t i l l* h %* a l l 

 a n t i o l d t i r e p it* * 
•I.T S f.fc.T. 
O M *36 

\M T H - I I «* I ii l r si a l l 

 a n d 4* I d l i e # p it* * 
$ I HI t.L.T. 

(.uar<Ismail helled 

2 stronp: fiber glass I m Ii- and 2 nylon eonl plies help give great traetion and durability. Cheek our priers! 

Guardsman radial 

Radial eon 
"las- bell- 
I i.i ii * 111 ti t* alii h ill" w ear. 

(aw rd M M B 
H ear* ~] pill* 
* X r 

S w an 

 f f o 
H elled a n d o ld Eire p ric e b la c k w all p ric e w h itew all 
S ear* F ia a n l.w a ii 
H i«l I al a n d u ld lire p rie r 
Uh hit* to ill plu* u t 
4 7 8 - 1 3 
2 2 .H H 
1.73 
A MTB-13 
3 o .o o 
I H I 
< 7 8 - 1 3 
2 3 .H H 
2.o1 
2 9 . HH 
....r\« » ‘ 
H H 78 IJ 
3B.OO 
2 .o o 
D T H - 1 I 
2 o .H H 
2 .o 7 
2 9 .H H 
2 .o 9 
HUTH I I 
3 H .o o 
2 27 

§ § § . l l 
2 7 .H H 
2.2«i 
3 o .H H 
2 -2o 
* H TR -1 I 
3 9 .o o 
2.11 

F T K -1 I 
2 9 .H H 
2 12 
3 2 .H H 
2 .1 2 
F U 78-1 I 
-............. ‘ V I S * . .........J 
2 .5 1 

G 7 H - 1 I 
3 I . RH j.2 
J*. 
3 I . HH 
2 .3 8 
GK7H I I 
4 5 .o o 
2 .o 9 

H T H I I 
3 o .H H 
2 HO 
U K 7 8 -1 I 
UL.OO 
I BH 

O T R 15 
11 .HH 
2 -6 5 
3 I.H H 
2 .o 5 
G K 78-15 
1o.oo 
2 .7 9 

1 1 7 8 -1 3 
‘( 'I IIM 
2 . HH 
3 6 . 8 8 
J .IU 
It lf . H I » 
1 9 .oo 
2 .9 o 
. 1, 1 . J R ! 
I H T H l f 
5 1 .o o 
3 ,2 8 
* 
1 ,7 8 -1 3 
3 9 . HH 
3 .1 2 

Ask about Sears credit plans 
Mounting ami rotation iiu'luilril 

Sears 
Where America shops 

Dos ll (oh ll Pl J/J 'Iliff 
Siiitlwl el Nm .errs 
VuiiniMiiiM JJM’ I IJK r*r*s im n m 
Mini ami I hor- 7;.'in "I 
I ut1*., fled., lr*.. '»(. 7:.Ml-t» 

Wittier. Dr, *ltirr 
» chiral Park N tiff 
I rut k lirr 
MI Pl. a .anilin Itll, 
San Pnlrn al I <hi|i I III 
I rnirr 
\ uIihi..,|mi _'_’H .nJH tuiinmili..' JJM il.'K 
I l l IN MwkLa-rn 
Ttrr. ggH-.'dtM* 
I irt. JJM* ~»l‘* » 
JJM- Phil 
Mon. I hr u Sal, 
Mud lino sal 
Alim litre Sal, 
H-M h-m r.in't.in 

( O A K S , H o t H D H A H U C O 

Satisfaction Guaranteed or Your Money Buck 

" “ 
‘"■ '" •M '.H iH H l til III M III H it INKS (iMul tew. and srttfn .Sos ii alto al Nrigbburhuud .tor. isssmammM 

\ alit*v-lit 
'W|J Handel ti HU 
I HOO H \A \fc U Kite Kit. 
I uorr-al l ily 
o71-531 I 
132-23o1 
333 2o1o 
1o33 l*«i Hooker Kd. 
o58-7IO I 

 carburetor cleaner 

$1.39 carburetor cleaner. Helps remove lead, gum, carbon. 15 oz...............................................8 8 f 

99* Sears oil treatment. Helps protect engine, 15 oz 
6 8 * 

79* Sears gas treatment. Cleans entire fuel system, 15 oz 
58* 

8o* hand cleaner.................. 59* 

$6.99 Hand tire pump .......... 
4 9' 

 ii?OO I I I it rvt I o 4 r.ri 

O N L Y *1 

The Express-News and San Antonio Texas Exes take pride in announcing that the fantastic UT 

Symphonic Band and Jazz Ensemble will once again 

A D M IS S IO N 
*)e Rearming in San Antonio for the benefit of deserving 

 youngsters. Just one dollar will admit you to this tremendous concert with all 

 proceeds from the show w ed n es d a y, 

 qoing toward scholarships. 
MARCH 2 nd 
3 
8 
7:3o p.m . 
ORDER YOUR 
Theater for the 

TICKETS NOW . . . p,rfo,n,in8 Arts 

 on SteadyRider shocks 

R e g u l a r * 1 2 . 9 9 

San A ntonio EXPRESS-NEWS— Sunday February 2o 1 9 7 7 

Driving with worn out shocks can be dangerous! Save now on Sears Best heavy-duty shocks. Warranted for as long as you own your car. Adjusts to help give a comfortable ride in any weather. Fits most American made cars, im­ ports, pickups, vans. Fast installation available. 

A u to m e n a g e rie 

N o, these aren't what you feel crawling up your legs on those spooky nights when yo u ’re sure there s a bug in your bed. They are auto parts made into something else by New Jersey artist Jim 
G ary. They are, clockwise from upper left, a spring-neck bird, an alligator, a Bicentennial bird in red, white and blue, and an ant. 

A P w i r e p h o t o 
Episcopalians revise prayers 

A S S O C I A T E P R E S S 
N E W Y O R K - A new Book of 
Common P rayer, the most ex­ tensive revision in 45o years of the Episcopal Church’s guide to worship and faith, presently is being distrib u ted to parishes across the country. 
After 28 years of study, tria l usages, criticism , grass-roots input, draftings, redraftings and debate, the finished volume now was available for use by the church’s -I million members 
M arking the occasion in a special service in the chapel of the denom ination’s headquarters here, 
Presiding Bishop John M. A llin led prayers for God to “ bless and hallow" the new book. 
It has stirred both high praise and sharp criticism , but early orders a l­ ready have totalled more than a m il­ 

 lion, indicating widespread acceptance of the revamped compilation of rites and psalms. 
“ Overwhelm ingly, the people are ready and eager for it,” says Howard 
Galley, a staff production editor who has toured parishes w idely to introduce the new book. “ Acceptance is much greater now that they’ve seen it.” 
But opposition continued, led by an unofficial group, the Society for the 
Preservation of the Book of Common 
Prayer, based in Nashville, Tenn. It contends the new version lucks the li­ terary beauty e»I the old 
However, the Rev. Dr. Charles P. 
Price of the V irg in ia Theological 
Seminary and member of the liturgical commission that shepherded the long revision process, says it preserves the quality in ampler, richer and more variable st vie. 

For the Third Straight Y e a r... 
The Express-News and 
San 
Antonio 
Texas 
Exes Club 
Welcome 
I ne 
U niversity of Texas 
Symphonic Band & Jazz 

E n s e m b l e in Concert Wed., 

March 2nd at the Theater 

 for the Performing Arts 

SEND IN FOR YOUR 
I TICKETS OR FARE THIS 
COUPON TO ANY 
'SIAR} TICKET OFFICE OR 
SOUTHERN MUSIC CO. 

Pleose send me tickets to the UT Symphonic Bond Con cod at the Theater for the Performing Arts on Wed, March 2, at 7:3o p.m. I how enclosed SI I or each ticket. 

ADDRESS 

C ITY___________________STATE 
ZIP 

M e A t tt m k i and B e n ty ( M e n p o yu b n ie See Antonio D i m f i m (Iv e 

M O R : P U A M ( M O O K A M U A O M ! I U D , S t A M f t O I N V U O M K M A 
P R O M P T I f T U f M O f Y O U R n e * I TS 

IT’S GOING TO BE A SELL-OUT 

AGAIN THIS YEAR! 

Shucks, M u ffle r, T une-up and Alignm ent prices good thru Hut., t ell. 26th . 
O th er autom otive products: R e d .. M ar. 23 rd 
—Tire VALUES---------- 

MAIL TO: 
UT BANO TICKETS 
8o38 Wurzboch Rood, » 38o 
Son Antonio, Texas 78229 

Limited warranty on SteadyRider Shock absorber for as long as you own the vehicle 

 lf SteadyRider shock absorber fails while the original purchaser owns the car, it will be replaced upon re­ turn, free of charge, or the purchase price will be re­ funded lf the defective shock absorber was installed by Sears, we will install the new shock absorber with no charge for labor U,the defective shock absorber was not installed by Sears, installation of the replacem ent shock absorber is not included under this warranty 

Save 15*, Sears 
Spectrum oil 

Regular 75' 
6 ( L ,p. 

Scar- lie-t 
IIINX - IU oil. 
Help* protect car’* engine iii auv Heather or reason. 

Front-End Alignment 

S-ar- front-end wheel alignment i- availaMe for ino-t American made car*. I ’arts are extra. 

Regular $ 1 2 ,9 5 
IO88 

Full warranty on muffler for as long as you own the vehicle lf muffler for American-made cars fails while the original purchaser owns the car, it will be replaced upon return, free of charge, or we will refund the purchase price, lf the defective muffler was installed by Sears, we will install the new muffler with no charge for labor. 

Sears a lu m in iz e d m u ffle rs 

A lu m in iz e d lo h e lp resist rust- 
Regular $ 1 8 .9 9 

 causin g m o is tu re . F it o v e r 9 o '^ 
I / I 8 8 o f A m e ric a n -m a d e cars. F a s t, gj 
■ e 
1 

 lo w -c o s t in s ta lla tio n a v a ila b le . 

A sk a lto u l Sears c re d it plans 

SAVE *2 to *3 

E ngine T une-ups 

I o r 6 -eylim ler 
I / j 

R e g u l a r 8 1 7 . o o 
-*-* ***«»',,arl* 

8 -cvlintier 
"I 

R e g u l a r 8 2 o . o 8 
J - p«r** 

«* replace points, condenser, ro tor, spark plugs. 
(.h e c k IH A valve, a ir filte r, hatters, hatters term inals. aud c a rb u re to r idle adju stm ent. Bact- extra. 

Son Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— Sunday February 2o 1977 
Page ' 5-J 

 on 

13-dr. Craftsman chest-cabinet 
N combination 

SALE 
1 3 o 9 8 

Ask about Sears Credit Plans 

 on hale thru 

 l ues., Feb. 2 2 GIN LY 

Warranted 1-Coat 
! ’aint SALE! 

Save *3 on one-coat latex semi-gloss 

Keg. 8 1 o . 9 * 1 
7 

o o cal. 

C overs in one co a t. S pot re s ista n t, co lo rfa st. E asy clean up. 24 colors. 

7 7 o o 5 

Your Choice 
99 gal. 

Regular *1o.99 
6 

L a tex fas hion flat 
• Vi ash u h lc, co lo rfast 
• C overs iii one coat 
• 2 1 co lo rs to choose 

 b r ig h t ce ilin g paint 
• C overs iii on e rout 
• H elps hide sm all crack s 
• d ed u ces gloss 

'louse Ari ll' 

^ 
P a i n t y 

^ w*Xu*,my w.*»N 

Save *3 on glohh-finitib latex house-trim paint 
8 
99 gal. 
Keg. 8 I 1 . 9 9 

Covers with just one coat! 
Washable latex paint comes in :i2 attractive colors. 

Save *3o 

Craftsman 2o-in. Dual 
Power Eager-1 Mower 

. U i x i :, 

^ I H N K S ' ami Tri!" 
. 
^ y N c kite* i*# * 

 o n e c oa t 
***** OMO 

Save *3 on 
Sears Best latex flat exterior paint 

Regular SI29.99 in 1976 
9999 

Mi g . 8 1 1 .9 9 
8 
99 gal. 

IdeaJ for wood, stucco and masonry surfaces. Available 

 in 2 H colors. 

J PML", 

Limited warranty 
S e ars paints, when ap p lie d acco rd in g to directions, will cover any co lo r with one coat (except rough or textured surfaces) w here indicated by checkm ark in the chart and have the qualities indicated for the years show n in tho chart, or contact S e ars and you get n ecessary additional paint or your money back. 

This warranty does not in clu d e labor or cost of 'abor for the application of any paint 

Interior |mint* 

H nni %i» 
I 
I wet * .-I..bl. 
4 o lo r f *#*t 
SldlN rrioov a) 
'*)«! ] Uur4* pi si**u«i blin* 

o o o o 3 t / a t r » . p % rn, 
4fll. 
A Us, 

HSI MIS 
✓ 
I y r . 
1 ' r ’ 
, 
77ooa 
✓ 
5 t r * . jar 
*1 i r s . rn*> Us, 
Exterior iiuiul* 

('•im Ne, 
I 4-4H)«t 
« .-It.Cl, 
No f lls*III 
•UUHflB 
Nun 
.situ el eg 
A 24 MLA 
I 
I vr». 
4 yr*. 
........Lu*- i Io o S 
I 
I » r a . t yr*. 
I yr*. 

It** rag**!’ Pi rljrt bel 4UM* you’re ca^er lo fundi. Ili^h torque power churns through lough, high giass. low torque for trims. .Vpositioti. quick* adju-t wired adjusters. Comfort grip on handle. 

SAVE *7o 
I horsepower uir compressor 

Iii g u b r * 2 6 9 . 9 9 

9 9 
& 199 

Regular *239.98. Rugged Craftsman tool chest-cabinet combination is designed to give you professional quality tool storage at a reasonable price. Ideal for the pro­ fessional or the homeowner. Cabinet has 
2 rigid, 2 swivel casters with locking toe- brake. Chest has convenient tote tray for carrying tools. Chest and cabinet lock. 

Sax* *12o. 2 HI* paint sprayer 

R egu lar i i i 1 9 .9 9 
Pow er fu l en o u g h In o p e ra te 2 

 rpray gone at n it re ! D e li* ere 7.U 
SCKM at til PSL I."d) p si maxi* 

 in n in . I l a s j o - g u lb u i a ir ta n k . 
2 2 9 
99 

Sears 
W h #rt A m ene* s to p s 

 h *m •»*»••* i a 
IM 

S m t M f m l RHS i tu-U fm liltctfi/ 
\ CHH1 S t a c e y l i m It 

‘ What do you mean there's no m ore room (ut my plane?l' 

This’ll spoil your flight 

WASHING! ON PO 
WASHINGTON — lf you have no fear of flying, air travel is finite uninvolved Von buy a ticket, get to tile airport in time for bearding, pass security inspections, cheek in at the flight gate, bop on the plane and take off. Hight? 
Not a l w a y s . A s m a l l percent am* of those who travel tty air lune found their tickets lo he totally useless iii getti ng them on their desired flight 
T h e y a r e v i c t i m s of overbooking, an industry p r a c t i c e u n d e r w h i c h 
Hie whole tlunkg is to- airlines sell " co n f i r m e d tally u n n e c e s s a r y , ” he says. " l f the airlines put a tighter control on their reservations dep artment t h ere wouldn't be any need." 
Spielman says airlines shou ld r e i n s t i t u t e a p ra c tice they tried and ab and one d in the e a r l y 
Mitts of p ena li zin g those who don't keep their r e ­ s e n aliens. "W h a t other b us in ess would o p e r a te tit s u c h a s l a p - h a p p y position?" he asks. 
.. lf tin* airlines required a d v a n c e p a y m e n t and then r e f u s e d to r efu nd even part of the money to c u s t o m e r s who do not h ono r t h e i r c o n f i r m e d reservations , they could av oid i n c o n v e n i e n c i n g anyone. Spielman says 
As a t r a v e l a g e n t . 
Spielman’s lament is ub- v ions. " I t ’s a d i s a s t e r from our standpoint,” lie say s 
And. he a d d s , it m akes travel agents look terrible. 
• h e n t s h a v e c o m ­ p la in e d to 
S p i e l m a n abou t o v e r b o o k i n g by airlines, hotels, ear rental agencies and even steamship lines, he said 
Iii' talks ut unlucky tra- v elm s vv ho b e g i n th e ir v a c a t i o n s by g e t t i n g humped from an oversold 
H i g h t , h a n g i n g around the a ir p o r t , ami finally arriv mg late and tired at a lintel which has given away their room and r e ­ fuses to refund the depo­ sit 
Though he admits tin* i n c i d e n c e of d e n ie d 
' h o a r d i n g is not la rg e , 
S p i e l m a n s a y s , ‘ ‘E v e n once is too m u ch . ” 
Rejects 
In 
1975, out of 
I Hi, Bdl. KL! people paid for d o m e s t i c flights. 
12Q, 686 were denied b o a r d in g , accord in g to figures given to the C A H by airlin es. 
Of that num ber. CAB figu res show only 56,22o people were eligible for denied* 
Imarding compensation 
When airline overbook­ ing l e a d s to oversold flights, passengers who a r e def il ed boarding might get some satisfac­ tion from a ruling made by Hie CAB in 1o67. lf you a re denied b o a r d i n g , tile airlin e must give you immediate written notice that you m i g h t be eligible for den l e d -board m g c o m ­ pensation. 
T h e n , if the airlin e cann ot get you to yo u r destination on another flight witlnn two hours of the t i m e you originally were scheduled to arrive 
(or four hours on i n t e r ­ n a t i o n a l f l i g h t s ) , you must be r e im b u r se d up to 82oo for your ticket on 
" t h e day and pl ace the denied boarding o c c u r s . " a c c o r d i n g to t h e C A B , 

 reservations" on a flight to m or e c u stom ers than there are seats. 
When they learn their flight lias been oversold, aud realize thai planning ahead, making the resee- v al ion. p i c k i n g up I lie ticket and getting to the airport oil ti m e doesn't mean they’ll get lo fly as planned, some customers iiav e been seen holding their t i c k e t s in tightly • c le n c h e d fists , s c r e a m ­ ing " W h a t do you mean there’s no more room on my plane ?" 
Reasons 

P e o p l e a l m o s t n e v e r are consoled by the a i r ­ l i n e s ’ e x p l a n a t i o n that they h a v e to o v e r b o o k flights to compensate for p h a n t o m a i r t r a v e l e r s who m a k e r e s e r v a t i o n s and d o n ’ t show up. or book several flights and then t a k e the one that tm us out to in* most eon- vfluent for them 
And rather than being honored when told they a r e p a r t of tin* s m a l l n u m b e r th at g e l s bumped from flights as a result of overbooking, the b u m p e d c u s t o m e r s get angry. 
At that point, they are p r o b a b l y past u n d e r ­ s t a n d i n g the a i r l i n e s ’ claim that overbooking is vital to the t r a v e l i n g public. As T r a ils Worb! 
Airlines recently told the 
Civ ii Ae ronautics Hoard 
" l f the current practice of overbooking by TWA were e l i m i n a t e d , s o m e 
5(15.(NHI passengers (in a nine-month p e r i o d ) would not have been able to trav el on the flights they wanted — or at all. 
E v e n t h o u g h about 
7.WHI people were denied b o a r d i n g on its eon- firmed flights, TWA e x ­ p l a i n e d . t h o s e o t h e r 
5415,(NHI people "w e r e a c ­ c o m m o d a t e d on flight*- that were booked over tin capacity of the aircraft . ' 

Th e CAH is currently evaluating this and athel comments from the pub­ lic aud air lin e industry on overbooking. 
T W A note d th at its no-show rate " i s approx­ i m a t e l y 2(1 p er c en t 
W itliout o v e r b o o k i n g , they said, they would lose so m u c h mo n ey th a t lares would have to Im* raised su bsta nt iall y for all passengers 
" T h e r e s n o t h i n g as u n s a l a b l e as an e m p ty airline scut once the door has been locked and Hic 
Hight is on its way," was 
TW A x lament 
Hut Andy S p i e l m a n , 
Washington area director of the American Society of 'travel Agents, says there are better ways tit eouqH iisate for no-show s than overltookmg flights 

WORDS OF 
CHAMPIONS 

Uu«tnlii«N p it** * i,„ , s»JrU«d al S a ta n .. 
W>.ti surf | Intr* VKI ‘I 
XII othrr da>» VI Mi i, 

Millier* Un »t stere al P l,a-aiiluai NJ 
Main itll* Sal. 
**. MMI 

(en tre! Perk Stere 
See Pfdraa at I eep ||(| 
Mw* liny Set 
(M IM I 

 lh ii*er* Aft S4,fM et IO 
I'M, HH) Psi maximum. 
Her 12.gallon air lank. 

TH IS AD is OI It W OHI) 

 l l ie I' M ki d by Seam Wiver li-uug P o lo y whit It re- q u it t-i. fie ry tither! i»ct I tit tit to be Mi|tp#n lei! it) rat Ii 
Mon- ** lilt rn fill n ill m m li.m di'C . .. lf at' rh oob l ro il 

 ou i of any U llin i d pi in* item d o n o r Ho* r.dr. at t* ill rem der for Mitt al lite -ate p ro c . i bt- dire*. Hoi apply 

 lo tqica tai putt Ite-c, clearance am i t lo»cou! ta ils t* bete quail I ll ic e arc lim ited 

S t It. II HHH (It M ill S I O K ) * I mm, , I it. e l- and r e r .e e r .(m e n .I m al X , 
.te r r , I 
V eiler-Mi 
V b J (tend on Md 
K err* ll imiIw* k el 
I HOO a I V V Xii. Md 
I el*. r»el I it* ti? I* SAI I 
I U a f I linum .** HJO T i IM 
I U .PHU ll. 11 Pal B .-V . I HU 
MU-* PH 

Spelling Bee p r a c tic e b o o k le t* a f * now a v a ila b le lo Oedema planning to , p a n ic g u ile iii lh * S a n A n ton io 
Noel Spelling See on April 3o 
Thew ore typical word* used in 9mi Bee oil over (he country 

P riv a te public and palm Ina) school* in Belar 
Kendall Comal Keo 
Bandera Medina I"no 
Alow os.) Wilson Guadalupe 
M Mullen Zavala Dimmit and 
Val Veide count*. * are eligible 
Information can bs obtained by w riting spelling B, * Editor S a n 
Antonio New, P O D i /D I. 
San Antonio Tega. - h i ' i ’ 

% ......................... 

Mel Vee teupee mdey ie BpeUiny ie * Bee A 
Bae Aeteiu* Te*e» MW’ 

ZIP 

 item* Hew* P O Be* IIH . 

San Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— Sunday February 2o 1977 
Taiwan unconcerned despite Red danger 

ASSOCIATED PRESS 
T A IP E I, 
Taiwan 
- 
High-rise office and apartment buildings go­ ing up on dozens of sites around Taipei are seen us a symbol of Nationalist 
Chinese confidence iii the face of threats from mainland China and the prospect of losing their 

 defense treaty with the 
United States. 
“ The people are put­ ting their money into real estate instead of liquid assets such as jewels,” said a U.S. Embassy economist. 
Since the government, favoring sophisticated 

 industries, limits loans in the construction field, the money going into the big buildings comes from builders’ savings and ad­ vance payments from prospective tenants, said 
K. T. Li, a Nationalist 
Cabinet minister. 
The 
Communist 

Taipei looks pretty robust these days, a s this vie w from a n e w $ i 4 m illion high rise hotel attests. 

 government in Peking, which drove the Nation­ alists from 
( hina’s mainland in 1949, states repeatedly its intention to 
“ liberate” Taiwan. But the people who live on this island 12o miles off 
Hie coast indicate little concern. “ They can't come here,” one taxi driver said simply. 
Tracing her finger in a circle to indicate a map of the island, a young waitress co rn rn e ti ted, 
“ We have troops all around here.” 
The nationalists have an estimated half million troops on this island of IO million people and on 
Quemoy and 
Matsu, small islands just off the mainland coast. There are more than 2.5 million troops spread around 
( ommunist-run m ain­ land 
“ ll they come, we ll fight them all out,” said another driver. 
The press here gives prominent treatment to any developments con­ cerning the stated U.S. goal of normalizing rela­ tions with Peking, which is still known here as 
Peiping, its old name, As a condition for this, Pek­ 

 ing demands an end to 
U.S. diplomatic relations with Taipei and scrap­ ping of the U.S. defense treaty. 
Regardless of how well 
Taiwan is able to defend itself, people here do not relish the prospect of losing this diplomatic battle in their war with 
Peking. 

 l f th e y c o m e , ice'll f ig h t them 
(ill out' 

They breathed a sigh of relief with the departure of Henry A. Kissinger as 
U.S. secretary of state, said political science 
Prof. Henry Mao. There was always the fear, he said, of waking up some day to find Kissinger had made another secret \ isit to Hoking and overnight scrapped all U.S. rela­ tions with Taipei. 
President Carter has promised open di­ plomacy, Mao noted. 
Carter gets front-page headlines here every time he says U.S. foreign policy will be based on morality and concern for human rights. 
Hoover 
Take You hoice 

© 

 s a s s 
BE 

Hoover Deluxe 
Shampoo-Polisher 

• Shampoos carpets. 
• Power scrubs floors... waxes, polishes, butts, too 
• Trigger control dispenser. 
• 94-ounce tank. 
• Shampoo foam generator, 
Complete with brushes and pads. 

Model 1348 

Model 5488 

Hoover 
Lightweight 
Upright 

* Deep-down cleaning and agitation. 
* All-steel agitator 
* Rug height adjustment. 
* Large dust bag 
* Edge cleaning 
Complete with toots. 

Hoover 
Celebrity 
Canister 

• 1 7 peak HP Motor (.79 VCMA HP) 
• Super-si/e 1o-quart dust bag 
•All-steel canister 
• Edge cleaning. 
Complete with attachments. 

Model S3oo5 

Insist on Hoover 

Hoover Take-Your-Choice Specials are Available at Participating Dealers Listed Below. 

W X A V I O M O DKA I.*; It* 

Alamo Appliance Compony 
IooS Weft Avenue t 
2o29 A tiffin Hwy. 
Bandera Rood Vat Clnr Co. 
BSB Bandore Bood 
(tarmac Sewing Mach I Appl Ce. 
U B I See rh Presa Straet 
Hawffe Vac Oar Supply Ce. Inc. 
BJI I Dewey Place 

Metlenbruch Vacuum Clnr. Ce. 
1o5-o9 W. Dewey Place 

Stans Appliance Service 
4oo7 McCullough 

The Vacuum Shop 
12223 Nacogdoches 

Powell Appl. Coater 
134o S.W. Military Or. 

Andersen s T.V. Harriward Jourdanton 
All Oak Street PO Baa 3V6 ft 
Box 2S6 • Poteet, Toot 
| Burrows Hordwore Compony 
■ m w m h 
ISI N By Pass 
Beeville 
Gibson’i Products 
16o1 Avenue f • Del Ria 

•y 
325 N. Washington • Beeville 
o A i. Discount Md Spit 

Horner's 
1o5 N. West • Uvalde 

Byron s T.V, Hdwe 
P.O. Drawer i . Devine ft 
IOO fourth St. • Uvalde 

The Vacuum Shop , 
2o41 Universe! City Blvd. 
Universal City 

FABRIC 

 fabric warehouse 

A l* P R I C E S ! ! 

WE DISCOUNT ALL 
PATTERNS AND NOTIONS 

SEE US FOR GIFT CERTIFICATES 

SPECIAL ORDERS— DRAPERY RODS 

AND ACCESSORIES 

THESE PRICES GOOD MONDAY THRU SAT., FEB. 21-26 

 fabric warehouse __ 

SUPER SUEDE 

BY ABBOT 

3oo YD. SPOOL 

FULL 
PIECE 
YD. 
PRICE 
SC 44 
CUT 
TO 
ORDER 
YD. 
PRICE 

MACHINE WASH— TUMBLE DRY 
73% SO. YD.-17% ACRYLIC-1o% POLYESTER 

I 
LILY THREAD 
I 

5 
$1oo P 

SPOOLS 
SPOOLS 
NO LIMIT t 
I 
I 
29< 
EA. 

PRINTED DRAPERY 

BIG SELECTION MANY DESIGNS 

|44 
FULL 
$1 
PIECE r I 
YO. 
PRICE 
>9 
CtUoT 
ORDER 
YO. 
PRICE 
I 

FULL 

PIECE 

PRICE 

CUT 
TO 
ORDER 
PRICE 

1oo% COTTON-USE ALSO FOR SLIPCOVERS 

DENIM— ALL ON BOLTS 

29 
FULL 

PIECE 
YO. 
PRICE 
49 
CUT 
TO 
ORDER 
YD. 
PRICE 

1oo% COTTON- 
5o% COTTON 5o% POLYESTER 

PRE-PRICED 7o< 
PLENTY OF BLACK & WHITE 

1oo% POLYESTER 

• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• a 
GHANDI 

IST QUALITY-BOTTOM WEIGHT 
$119 
I YD. 
29 
YO. 

45' WIDE— 
5o% COTTON 5o% POLYESTER 
COMPLETE LINE DRAPERY RODS 

• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 

45 WIDE—FULL BOLTS 

FAMOUS BRANDS 

BIG NEW SPRING ASSORTMENT 

FLORALS—GEOMETRICS—CALICOS 

MINI PRINTS & NOVELTIES 
BLOUSE 
PRINTS 

FULL 

PIECE 
YO. 
PRICE 

MARIGOLD 

A FLORAL PRINT VINYL-IDEAL FOR 
TABLE CLOTHS—4 COLORS—54" WIDE 

6 9 
FULL 
Piece 
YO. 
PRICE 

o9 
CUT 
TO 
ORDER 
YO. 
PRICE 

CUT 
TO 
ORDER 
PRICE 

POLY-WOOL KNIT 

FINAL CLOSE OUT-REG $2 88 YD 

$159 
FULL 

PIECE 
YO. 
PRICE 

85% POLYESTER 15% WOOL-6o" WIDE 

CUT 
TO 
ORDER 
YD. 
PRICE 

FOR 

EACH 

FILE THOSE PATTERNS AWAY 
FOR HANDY REFERENCE 

FULL 

PIECE 

PRICE 

YO. 

CUT 
TO 
ORDER 
PRICE 

UNDETERMINED FIBER CONTENT 

 f m 
S K mk k»*. •» * -** 
•. 

J* . 

Si. I 
MilTTI 
IX JLl w J I 

I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 

I 
I 
I 

1oo% COTTON 
65% POLYESTER— 35% COTTON 

5o% POLYESTER— 5o% COTTON 
• • • • • • • • • • I 
PATTERN 
I 
BOXES 
I 
I 
I 

I 

• • • • • • • • • a | 

45"-48" WIDE 
CASEMENT 
J 
DRAPERY 
J 
$144 

YD. 
$159 

San Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— Sunday February 2 o 1 9 7 7 

WARDS BUFFETERIA 

Soup and hot-dog 
99° 
%/F 
Mon. only 

 ll a.m .-2 p.m. 
Delicious hot dog served with vegeta­ ble soup. 

 h h h H H H H 

Sunsensor sunglasses 

The glasses thai turn darker as th e light gets brighter. 
Asst'd. styles. 
Reg. $18 

56* off. 

Great value on pretty fashion bra. 
33 
I 
R egularly 1.89 
Smart nylon style hits gently contoured <8ips with polyester fiber­ fill. N y lo n /s p a n d e x stretch sides. A,B.C. 

Special buy. 

Handsom e leather belts for m en. 
88 

 each 

Popular widths; all rn g e n u i n e rich g r a in leather with favorite buckle accents 
T e r­ rific buy In 3o-42. 

Monday only 
George, we’re a savings party. 

SAVE 3o% 

WOMEN, LOUNGE IN KNIT SCUFFS 

N y lo n t r i c o t foam for 
o 4 4 cushioned comfort. Sponge rubber sole. Sizes M 5-1o. 
REG. 3.5o 

25% off 
All scarves in stock 
187t„4 
R egular 2.5o-$6 

Many styles to choose from. Assorted colors. 
Prints and solids. 

 t* 

Your choice. 
KODACOLOR 
PRINT FILM 
For 11o or 126 o * 7 9 ca m e ras. En- Sr # joy 12 quality, WARDS color exposures PRICE 

SAVE $2 

WARDS 1o-LB. 
BOX DETERGENT 
C o n cen tra ted ^ /#§■ low-phosphate 2 / 
* 
£ d e te r g e n t for " * / 
• bright washes. REG. 4.59 

Special 

A borted buy screwdrivers 
With #1 and #2 
Phillips. I” and 15* 

Save $15 
Men’s elegant 3-pc. vested suits at great savings. 
$5o 
Regular *65 

They’ve got it all ... the look, the feel, and now, more than ever, the price. All of luxury-smooth, wrinkle-free poly­ ester. Large selection of fashion tones. 
Regulars 36-46; longs 38-46. A great suit, a great price! 

Save $3 

B oys’ knit shirts with new designs. 
97 

Regularly 6.99 

Slim, trim knits look 

 ho goo d in designer- likc prints. Easy caic polyester or nylon/ace tate blond. 8-2o. 

Save 1.98 

Sport shirts for boys. Great buy! 

Reg. 
2.99 e«. 
I Short sleeve 

Bright colors in rich ho! ids or e x c i t i n g prints. No-iron poly­ ester/cotton 8-18 

Long sleeve 
Reg. 3.99 
2/*6 

4-27% off 
BOXER SLACKS 
FOR TODDLERS 

REGULARLY 1.5o-1.99 
P opular style boxers f e a t u r e fla r e d legs, e a s y - o n e l a s t i c i z e d waistband. In cotton and cotton/polyester. 
M a c h i n e - was ha hie. 
Spring colors. I to 4. 

6” round liar. nth 

Save 35% 

Assorted decor bulbs 
Bulbs are avail­ able in 25-4o- 25*1 

Save 
27% 

 and 6o-watt. 
Ref. 2 for 1.35 

Polyester knit shirts, sizes 2-6x 
P a s t e l s w ith r i b b e d a a c r e w n e c k . N o - i r o n 
| 
Girls’ S,M,L. Great for 
A playwear. 
Reg. 1.99 

Save 3o% 

Misses* cotton terry slippers. 

Regularly 3.5o 

Dainty little toot car­ e s s e r s , on b o u n c y rubber soles. Machine w a s h a b l e s o l i d s , prints. S, M, L, XL- 

3o% off 

C hocolate covered cherries 
Delicious milk chocolates wi t h c h e rry an d cream 
'•enters. 
88 
Reg. 1.19 
C 
Bulk 

77* off 

Great value. f O U R 12-6-6 
FERTILIZER 
Formulated lur 
T im u n - :. 
Ii'iik l. 388 

M en’s, w o m en ’s, girls’ thongs. 

Velvet thong on cushioned 
^ O O sole. All man-made. 
Excel- 
I lent value. Great for leisure a k wear. 
Reg. 1.99 

■ 
JU r v>!:f 

 fr"s II 
IPP* 

 ormulutcd tor 
I this urea Fast* 
I acting 
I square (eel 
| Ut lins 
Reg. low pr. 
6 6 w/lron, I 88 
Save *7 

Wards solid state multi-band radio. 
AM, KM, high r n P*gg public service, I / w e t h e r , ai r . R u cruft Hatteries 

TO ENJOY WHAT YOU NEED NOW— FOR YOURSELF, YOUR HOME, YOUR CAR COME APPLY FOR A WARDS CHARO ALL ACCOUNT. 
I 
Value. Its what we’re all about. iW ifrTil 

WONDERLAND MALL 
Fredericksburg Road at Loop 41o 
Open IO a.m. until 9 p.m. daily 

WINDSOR PARK MALL 
1H 35 North at W alzem Road 
Open IO a.m. until 9 p.m. daily 
M any item s available a W ards Neighborhood Stores 

MCCRELESS MALL 
S outh New Braunfels at Southcross 
Open IO a.m. until 9 p.m. daily 

Fashion jewelry 
Vi Price were $2-$4 
$ i 
$ o 
Now 
JL to md 

Selected group of jewelry includ­ ing necklaces, earrings, bracelets, more. 

San Antonio EXPRESS-NEW S— Sunday February 2o I 977 
SAVE Vi 

MEN’S NYLON 
SURFER JACKETS 
3" 

R E G U L A R L Y 5.99 

Great rain, weather* shedder. D raw string on hidden hood and wai s t ; w h i t e trim. 
Machine wash. S-XL. 

 quantities 

V2 off 
CATALOG OVERSTOCK BEDSPREADS 
S o lid s, p r in ts , q u ilte d , ch e n ille, m ore! In tw in, full, queen and king sizes. 
A s s o r tm e n t v a r ie s i ii stores. 
7 47t„ 2 9 
R E G . 14.99-59.99 
97 

YOUTH’S ATHLETIC SHOE 

B lack N au g aJo n * v in y l up- 
5 
8 8 

R egularly 6.99 

 p ers. I n j e c t i o n m olded soles, cleats. S izes 1-9. 

SAVE 

W 
S 
M 

WOMENSWEAR 
SAVE ON YARD GOODS 
FURNITURE VALUES 
FURNITURE VALUES 

Save 3.12 

MISSES’ BELTED 
TUNIC TOPS 
5“ 
REG. $9 
D oubleknit polyester. 

Special 

MISSES’ KNIT 
JACQUARD PANTS 
5 88 

Special buy. 
Pull-on waist. 

88 
4.12 OFF! G RO U P MISSES* PANTSUITS 
- o 
Assorted styles, colors. Reg. 1 7.oo............................. I m 

SAVE 2.12! NYLON TRICO T WALTZ GOWN 
A 88 
S tretch lace bodice. Reg. 7.oo ................................... 

2.12 OFF! W AISTLINE STYLE BRIEF 
Nylon spandex. Regular 5.oo .................................... 

SELECT G R O U P HOUSE SHOES 
, , 
Velour ballerina stvlc. Reg 3.5o 1.5o................... 
/ 2 o F F 

4' 

2 “ 

CHILDRENSWEAR 

BOYS* & GIRLSW EAR CLEARANCE 
Slacks, knit shirts, long and short dresses. Sizes 2-Bx. 
A ssorted styles, colors. 
* 
C A o / 
Regularly 2.991o.99, now ....... m 
/o OFF 

GIRLSWEAR BUYS 

V t PRICE! GIRLS* PANTS, TOPS, SKIRTS 
Assorted styles. Reg. *5.oo’-1 o .o o ...................... 22V 5 

SHOE CLEARANCE 

Vi Price 

WOMEN S DRESS 
SANDALS 
647 
R egular 12.99 
W hite, colors. 

Save Vz 

SPECIAL GROUP 
WOMEN’S CASUALS 
347 t o 747 
REG. 6.99-$16 
Assorted styles. 

BOYSWEAR BUYS 

59\.,674 
BOYS’ N O -IRO N PLAID JEANS 
Assorted sizes. Reg. 7.99-8.99........................ 

25% OFF! BOYS* FLANNEL SHIRT 
o 
Poly/cotton. Regular 3.99- 4.99 ....................... m To 

25% OFF! BRUSHED CORDUROY JLANS - 9 9 

»99 
3 74 

Poly/cotton. Colors. Reg. 7.99* 1o.99 .............. 5 
To 8 

25% OFF! BOYS* NO-IRON PRINT SHIRTS - 47 
Long sleeve. Poly/c«it ton. Reg 5.99-8.99 4 
To 

24 

 g 7 4 

THE CHAIN SHOP 

SPECIAL G R O U P YOUNG MENSWEAR 
S hirts, knit tops, jeans 
C A O / slacks, now reduced ........................ Z . ) To J J U /o 
O FF 

MENSWEAR VALUES 

5o-63% off 
LONG SLEEVE 
DRESS SHIRTS 
388 

REC . $8-511 
Solids, p atterns 

Vz Price 

MEN’S FANCY 
DRESS SLACKS 

7 8 8 

KEG. 16.oo 
Double knit. Flared. 

'/» OFF! M EN’S SPO RT SHIRTS 
Long sleeves. A ssorted. Reg. 1o.oo-2o.oo 

SAVE V*. MORE! MEN S JU M P SUITS 
Long sleeve pre-wash denim in white and blue or long sleeve corduroy in blue. Lim ited quantity. Reg. 3o.oo-35.oo ................... 

VI PRICE! MEN S BRUSHED JEANS 
Assorted. Regularly 14.oo ........................... 

* 5 T. ’ i o 

1 4 * ® 

6 "* 

SPECIAL G RO U P OF REM NANTS 
W ide selection. Now reducer! .............. 
V 
2 off reg price 

FABRIC CLEARANCE! SAVE 55 -1.55 YD. 
C otton, polyester and cotton/ polyester blends. 15"W. Reg. 1.99-2.99 ......... 
I 44 YD 

LINENS & BEDDING 

$2 OFF! C U S-N -SO FT M ATTRESS PAD 
Twin size. Regularly 7.99, now ..................... 

$2 OFF! FITTED M ATTRESS PAD 
Full size, IOO'( polyester. Reg. 9 .9 9 ............ 
5" 

 y 9 9 

CHECK THESE BUYS 

REG. 3.5o JEW ELRY BOX FREE 
W ith purchase of H K gold filled pierced earrings a t reg. low prici 

SAVE ON RELIGIOUS JEW ELRY 
S tainless steel, gold-filled. 
Assorted pieces. Reg. 4.99-15.99 ....... 
25% 

199 

O FF 

Save *4 

1ooo-W 2-SPD. 
BLOWER/DRYER 
14" 
KEG. 18.99 
3 tem p. settings. 

$5 off 

DIAL MASSAGE 
SHOWER HEAD 

9 9 9 

REG. 14.99 
2-head. 

$5 OFF! H AND-HELD SHOW ER MASSAGER 
Regularly 22.99, now o n ly ............................................. 

6.11 OFF! W HEEL PLATER STAND 
W hite painted m etal. Reg. 15.99 ......... ......................... 

SAVE ON ORIGINAL OIL PAINTINGS 
Assorted subjects. Reg. 9.oo-46.5o............... 2 o Jo 

$29 OFF! 4o-PC. CHINA DINNERW ARE 
"Shannon*’ or "D am ask" pattern. Reg. 68.99 .. 

1 7 " 

9 8 8 

O FF 
39 
88 

CURTAINS & DRAPERIES 

25% OFF! TRANSLUCENT WINDOW SHADES 
_ 77 
W hite only. Reg. 3.69 37 1 $ -in. w id e ................................ 2 
Reg. 6.59. 46’ 4 -in. wide ....................................................... 4 .9 4 
Keg. 8.49. 55 14 -in. wide ........................................ 
6.33 
Reg. 18.99. 73’ 4 -in. wide ..................................... 
14.24 

CATALOG OVERSTOCK DRAPERIES 
C fl& / 
Assorted fabrics, colors, s iz e s....................... 5 o V O O FF 

FLOOR COVERING 

32% OFF! VINYL, ASBESTOS FLOOR TILE 
!2xl2-in. colors. Reg. 25* each ............................... 

26% OFF! VINYL/ASBESTOS FLOOR TILE 
12x12-id- M odern. Reg. 34* e a c h ............................ 

22% OFF! EASY-STIC K FLOOR TILE 
12x12-in. vinyl asbestos. Reg. 44* each ............... 

18% OFF! EASY-STIC K FLOOR TILE 
O ur Iiest. 12x12-in. Reg. 54* each .......................... 

2o% OFF! BUDGET FOAM CORE 
Vinyl floor. No waxing. Reg. 3.49 sq. vd 
. 

SAVE ON RO O M -SIZE REM NANTS 
. . 
. , 
6x9’ to 12x18* size. Now .......................... . 
V 3 ■■ / 2 off 

1 7 c 
24' 
34' 
44' 

. 2 ” 

OFFICE SUPPLIES 

88 
$4o OFF! I-C U . FT. FLOOR SAFE 
- - - 
Regularly 159.99, now .................................................. 1 1 9 
184.99 1.6-cu. It. floor s a fe ..... 
149.88 

$45 OFF! EXECUTIVE SWIVEL CHAIR 
Regularly 129.99, now only .............................. 

NOVAS 75o CALCULATOR 
Pocket model. Regular low price ...................... 
AC adapter; Reg. low price 
....... .............. . 

$13 OFF! 7x35MM BINOCULARS 
W ide angle. W ith case. Reg 46.99 
....... 

KODAK COLOR PR IN T FILM 
126 4»r HO, 12 Kxp. Reg, 1.o9, now ............ . 

84®* 

.. 549 
... 4 .9 9 
3397 
97' 

15.11 off 
EA. AMERICAN 
COCKTAIL TABLE 
39" 
REG. 54.99 
M aple-finish. 

Save s1o 

MAPLE-FINISH 
BOSTON ROCKER 
39" 
REG. 49.99 
Solid hardwood. 

89®* 
79®* 
199*® 
22®* 

$88 

$2o OFF! W ALNUT BARREL TABLE 
Regularly 1o9.99, now o n ly ................................. 

$2o OFF! GOLD COLOR KEG CHAIR 
Regularly 99.99, now o n ly ................................... 

$5o OFF! BRONZE CORNER BAR 
Regularly 249.99, now o n ly ................................ 

$1o OFF! W ET-LOO K BARSTOOL 
Black. Regularly 32.99, now o n ly ..................... 

$13o OFF! 3-PC . BEDROOM SET 
Early Am erican pine-look. 
Triple dresser, hutch m irror, 
*?Q Q full or queen size headboard. Reg. 529.99 .......... 5 5 /5 / 
17o.oo m atching 5-dwr. c h e s t...................................... 149.88 
89.99 m atching nightstand ............................................. 69.88 

$13o OFF! 3-PC . M ODERN BEDROOM 
Pecan finish. T riple dresser, landscape m irror, full-size 
Q O Q & 8 headboard. Reg. 459.97, n o w .................................... 
249.99 m atching 5-drw. c h e s t....................................... 199.88 

SAVE $2o ON OCCASIONAL TABLES 
Cocktail, end, hex or square 
£ q 88 table. Reg. 89.99 each, n o w ........................................... 5 5 / 

$7o OFF! EARLY AMERICAN SOFA 
O Q a 8 8 
H arvest rust. Regular 379.99 .................................... Z 5 /5 / 
219.99 m atching chair .................................................... 159.88 

$1oo OFF! EARLY AMERICAN SOFA q o q 88 
Rust color. Regularly 429.99 .................................... <$<w5f 
319.99 m atching loveseat .............................................. 279.88 
249.99 m atching chair .................................................... 199.88 

$1oo OFF! COUNTRY FRENCH SOFA 
O A Q »8 
C opper color. Regularly 349.99 ............................... 
179.99 m atching chair .................................................... 119.88 
79.99 m atching ottom an .................................................. 59.88 
159.99 corner or cocktail ta b le ...................................... 99.88 
139.99 end ta b le .................................................................. 79.88 
*1oo off 

TRADITIONAL 
COFFEE SOFA 
399" 
REG. 499.99 
259.99 chair, 199.88 

Save *8o 

COLONIAL RED 
PLAID LOVESEAT 
219" 
REG. 299.99 
199.99 chair. 149.88 

$12o OFF! EARLY AMERICAN SOFA 
A q o 8 8 
Rust color. Regular 619.99......................................... 
529.99 m atching loveseat ............................................... 449.88 
349.99 m atching chair .................................................... 299.88 

$1oo OFF! EARLY AMERICAN SOFA 
A o q 8 8 
R ust brown. Regularly 599.99 .................................. 4 * 1 5 / 
429.99 m atching loveseat ............................................... 349.88 
299.99 m atching chair .................................................... 249.88 

$18o OFF! M ODERN STYLE SOFA 
C hestnut color. Regular 779.99 ............................... 5 v « r 
649.99 m atching lo v e se a t.............................................. 499.88 
199.99 m atching ottom an ............................................. 149.88 

$1oo OFF! M O D ERN -STYLE SOFA q q q 88 
Sable-look. Regular 499.99 ....................................... 5 5 f i r 
399.99 m atching loveseat .............................................. 329.88 
279.99 m atching ( hair .................................................... 199.88 

$15o OFF! CONTEM PORARY SOFA 
- . q 8 8 
Beige! Regularly 899.99 .............................................. / 4 5 / 
779.99 m atching lo v e se a t...................... 
679.88 
549.99 m atching chair ........................... 
449.88 
*6o off 

MOD. FUR-LOOK 
SWIVEL ROCKER 
99 
8 8 

REG. 159.99 
G reen or blue. 

Save *8o 

CONTEMPORARY 
SOFA & LOVESEAT 
399" 
REG. 479.99 
Both pieces. Amber. 

$1oo OFF! M ODERN STYLE SOFA 
o o o * 8 
Brown. Regularly 399.99 ............. 
Z v v 
339.99 m atching loveseat ....... 
259.88 
219.99 m atching chair ...... 
179.88 

$8o OFF! M ODERN VINYL SOFA o q q 88 
T an. Regularly 379.99, now ...................................... Z 5 /5 / 
299.99 m atching lo v e se a t.............................................. 229.88 
179.99 m atching chair .................................................... 119.88 

SAVE $8o ON TRADITIONAL SOFA 
o c q 8 8 
V anilla spice. R egular 349.99 ................................... 4 * o * / 
299.99 m atching lo v e se a t.............................................. 229.88 
179.99 m atching chair .................................................... 119.88 

SAVE $5o ON RO C K ER -R EC LIN ER o q q 8 8 
Am ber color. Regular 289.99 .................................... <6**55/ 

SAVE $5o ON RO C K ER -R EC LIN ER t Q a 8 8 
Green. Regular 249.99, n o w ...................................... 1 5 /5 / 

$4o OFF! VINYL R O C K ER -R EC LIN ER 
Q <v88 
G reen. R egular 139.99, n o w .......................................... 5 /5 / 

*4o off 

WARDS RECLINER 
WITH VIBRATOR 
1o9" 
REG. 149.99 
Nugget brown. 

Save *4o 

WALL HUGGER 
RECLINER 
219" 
REG. 259.99 
R usset or spice brown. 

W H E T H E R IT S FO R Y O U R SE L F, Y O U R H O M E . Y O U R C A R — W A R D S C H A R G A LL C R E D IT C A N H E L P Y O U E N JO Y IT N O W 

WONDERLAND MALL 

Fredericksburg Rd. at Loop 41o 
Open IO A.M, until 9 P M daily 

MCCRELESS MALL 

So. New Braunfels at Southcross 
Open IO A.M. until 9 P.M. daily 

WINDSOR PARK MALL 

IH 35 North at Walzem Road 
Open IO A.M. until 9 P.M. daily 

Many item s also available at Wards Neighborhood Stores. 

SAVE $4o ON SW IVEL ROCKER 
Q q 8 8 
Black. Regularly 129.99 ................................................. © 5 / 

SAVE $2o ON SW IVEL ROCKER 
- ft8 8 
Gold color. Reg. 79.99 .................................................... 5 5 / 

OPEN STOCK BEDROOM PIECES 
D ark pine finish; all p ie c e s............................. Z 5 / o O FF 

HOUSEWARES BUYS 

41.87 OFF! 1o-PC. WEAREVER COOKW ARE 
~ q 8 8 
Alum inum and porcelain. Reg. 81.75 ....................... %/S/ 

7.11 OFF! PEANUT BUTTER M ACHINE 
- -gg 
Regularly 21.99, now o n ly ............................................. 1 4 

SAVE ON 1o-LB. BOX DETERGENT 
« 
Regularly 4.59, now o n ly .......................................... Z for I 

Save V2 

WARDS 1o-PC. 
COOKWARE SET 
34 
88 

REG. 7o.95 
A lum inum /steel. 

V2 Price 

7-PC. CAST IRON 
COOKWARE SET 
14 
88 

REG. 29.99 
W ith wood handles. 

SAVE Vt ON 3 BU. TRASH BAGS o 2 4 
4o ct. pkg. Regular 6 .4 9 ...................................................... *5 

SAVE Vt ON MASON JA RS 
- 49 
Q t. size. Case of 12. Reg. 2 .9 9 ........................................... I 

$1o OFF! STEEL STORAGE CABINET 
o o 8 8 
6ox12x15”. Regular 42.99 ............................................. SJL 

SAVE $1o ON W ARDROBE CABINET 
63x 19x3o”. Regular 61.99 ............................................. 5 1 

SAVE ON SHOW ER CURTAIN LINERS 
& 
Selected group, now re d u c e d ......................... 5 U / o O FF 

TOY DEPARTMENT 

$15 OFF! APOLLO 2oo1 VIDEO GAME 
- - 88 
Regularly 69.95, now o n ly ...................................... 5 4 
AG adapter, reg. low p r ic e ................................................. 8.49 

$15 OFF! 4-LEG GYM SET 
Q - 88 
With slide. Regular lt>9.99............................................ 5 / 4 
99.99 6-leg gym 'aet w /slid e ............................................. 84.88 

AUTOMOTIVE NEEDS 

$3o OFF! IN-D A SH AM .F M /C B RADIO l l t Q 
Regularly 149.oo. Installation av a ila b le 
..... 
H S I 

1o.11 OFF! ELECTRONIC IGNITION SYSTEM q q 8 8 
Easy to install. Regularly 49,99 ................................. 5 5 / 

$15 OFF! PACESETTER II CRUISE CONTROL 
« a 8 8 
Installation available. Reg. 94 99 .............................. # 5 / 

SAVE 33% ON BOOSTER CABLES 
Regularly 2.99, now o n ly 
..... 
JL 

/VtONTGO/VIERY 

Washington’s Birthday Sale 
M onday only! 

% 
« 
I 
« 
4 

Son Antonio EXPRESS-NEW S— Sunday February 2o 1977 

1.77 off 

JUNIOR-SIZE FIELDERS GLOVE 
822 

Partially unassem bled 

S p lit le a th e r lin in g , raw h id e lacing. V inyl binding, straight heel. 
REGULAR 9.99 

Model 3oo3o 
VALUE 
WARDS 8 ELECTRIC CHAIN SAW 
Weighs only 4*/2-lbs. with bar, chain. 6-amp, 1‘4-HP motor. Manual oiler. 

REG. LOW PRICE 

Microwave oven with built-in browner. 
C uts m ost cook tim es by 
7 5 'r. H olds a big turkey. 

Regularly 489.95 
Auto. defrost cycle. More 

L im ited q u an tities on som e item s—hurry in! revolutionary values. 

SPORTING GOODS 

Save *3o 
NYLON WALL 
CABIN TENT 
11988 
REG. 149.99 
Aluminum frame. 9*xl2* 

5o off 
OUR 7>/z-HP OUT- 
BOARD MOTOR 
22488 
REG. 274.99 
18o° pivot reverse. 

SAVE 1.11 ON SPORT SHOES 
Molded cleats, padded collar. Keg. 6.99 ...... 
6.11 OFF! SEMI-AUTOMATIC AIR RIFLE 
Target, sight, safety shield. Keg. 15.99 ........ 
1o.11 OFF! BOYS’ 2o-IN. HI-RISE BIKE 
Banana seat. Regularly 64.99 ......................... 
5.11 OFF! 2o-IN. MOTOCROSS BIKE 
Regularly 69.99, now only.............................. 
$25 OFF! 2o-IN. “CHOPPER” BIKE 

.. 5s* 
988 
5488 
6488 

— v * ■ * *v-»f». CHUI r t i \ oirvc. 
« n o 88 
Heavy duty frame. Reg. 134.99.............................. I U t! 
1588 
2o% OFF 

SAVE 4.11! METAL TENNIS RACKET 
Chrome-plated frame. Reg. 19.99......... 

SPECIAL GROUP OF SPORT SHOES 
Basketball, tennis, all-purpose shoes .... 

BUILDING MATERIALS 

88 

88 

2.11 OFF! 3-BAR WINDOW GUARD 
Regularly 11.99, now only................................. 

1.11 OFF! LUAN DUSKY PANELING 
~ 
4x8-in. sheet, regularly 4.99........................................... O 
All other paneling in stock ............................... 15% OFF 

24o-LB. ROOFING SHINGLES 
, - 
Sealdon. Colors ............................................. K U / O OFF 

$3o OFF! 8xl2-FT. PATIO KIT 
All aluminum. Reg. 139.oo.................................. 
1.11 OFF! SOLAR-X SUN CONTROL FILM 
Regularly 9.99........................................................ 
*1o9 
..888 

Save *3o 
BEN FRANKLIN 
24-IN. FIREPLACE 
12988 
REG. 159.95 
Accessories extra. 

Special 
ALL STORM & 
SCREEN DOORS 
15% OFF 
REG. PRICE 
Entire stock reduced. 

PAINTING NEEDS 

$4 OFF! ACRYLIC LATEX 3o HOUSE PAINT 
3o colors. Flat finish. Reg. 11.99 ga! 
....... 

$1o OFF! 2-GAL. PAIL FLAT HOUSE PAINT 
Silicone acrylic latex. White. Reg. 25.98............ 
9* OFF! SILICONE SPRAY ENAMEL 
Colors. Regular 1.99 each ..................................... 

 y99 

1 5 98 
*1 

*6o off 
Vj-HP SPRAYER/ 
COMPRESSOR 
‘89 
REG. 149.95 
5-gal. tank. Hose. gun. 

Save *4 
GOC 15 INTERIOR 
FLAT LATEX 
499 
CAL. 
REG. 8.99 
Choose from 15 colors. 

PLUMBING DEPT. 

$4o OFF! 5-CYCLE WATER SOFTENER 
"7oo” Series. Regular 339.95 .................. 
299 
88 

ELECTRICAL NEEDS 

25% OFF! BENT GLASS CEILING FIXTURE 
Regularly 3.99, now only........................................ 

6.11 OFF! EXTENSION LIGHT 
2o-ft. cord or reel. Reg. 16.99................................ 

5.11 OFF! 1oo-FT. CORD & REEL SET 
Regularly 19.99, now only...................................... 

2.11 OFF! 2o-WATT FLUOURESCENT STRIP 
Regularly 8.99, now only........................................ 

2 99 

IO88 
1488 
6s8 

HARDWARE VALUES 

*7o off 
1o-IN. RADIAL 
ARM SAW 
*269 
REG. $339 
Rips to 251 1 in. 

Save *4o 
295-AMP ELEC. 
ARC WELDER 
‘169 
REG. $2o9 
Cables, helmet, more. 

8.11 OFF! 7'/«-lN. CIRCULAR SAW 
Regularly 47.99, now only............................. 

6.11 OFF! 4-SHELF CORNER PLANTER 
White steel. 51xl6x3o-in. Reg. 21.99......... 
2.11 OFF! 15-DRAWER ORGANIZER 
Regularly 6.99, now only.............................. 

39s8 
1588 
4** 

LAWN & GARDEN SHOP 

88 

88 
I 
3.8 8 

SAVE ‘I! 1oxl4-IN. REDWOOD TUB 
Regularly 4.88, now only........................................ 

SAVE ON CANADIAN PEAT MOSS 
7/1o cu. ft. bug. Regular 3.49................................. 
I' „> cu. ll. bag, regular 5.99 .................................. 
4 cu. ft. hag, regular 8.99 .............................................. 6.88 

SAVE 1.11 ON DECORATOR BARK o88 
3 cu. ft. bag. Regular 4.99 .............................................. «S 
SCOTTS BONUS S FERTILIZER fig8 
2ooo sq. ft. coverage. Reg. 7.95 ..................................... 5 
4ooo sq. ft. coverage. Reg. 14.95 ................................. 1o.88 
6ooo sq. ft. coverage. Reg. 21.95 ................................. 15.88 

$2o OFF! 3V*-HP ROTARY MOWER 
- A oK8 
Rear discharge, catcher. Reg. 169.99................... 1 4 * 7 

HOO OFF! 1ox9-FT. BARN BUILDING 
- . o gg 
Regularly 249.95, now only................................... 1 4 5 / 

ALL PACKAGED ROSES IN STOCK 
. . 
Now reduced.......................................................... v 3 OFF 

Special! 
ALL FRUIT & 
PECAN TREES 
5o% OTP 
REG. PRICE 
All Varieties 

*6o off. 
RUGGED 5-HP 
GARDEN TILLER 
239“ 
REG. 299.99 
With power reverse. 

STEREO, COMPONENTS 

Save *12o 
QUADRAPHONIC 
AM/FM STEREO 
£Q 77 
o*7 No. MIS 
Was 189.95 
8 track. 6 only 

Save ‘IOO 
4-CHANNEL 
CONSOLE STEREO 

O Q Q 8 8 m J J N o UU 
REG. 399.95 w/discrete 8-track 

$9o OFF! AM/FM CONSOLE STEREO 
No. 2425. 8-track play, record. Reg. 389.95 
299 
88 

CITIZEN BAND RADIO 

Save *1oo 
ROYCE NO. 612 
CB RADIO 

Q Q 88 
o ^ 7 No. 5o5 
WAS 189.95 
23-channel. 

*9o off 
ROYCE NO. 6o1 
CB RADIO 

|8 8 
No. 5o9 
WAS 169.95 
23-channel. 
79! 

TELEVISION BUYS 

$2o OFF! 16-IN. DIAG. BLK./WHT. TV 
Nu. 11657. IOO'/ solid state. Reg. 159.95 ... 

$9o OFF! 19-IN. DIAG. COLOR TV 
No. 12977. Auto, color. 6 only. Reg. 459.95 
13988 
369s8 

*81 off. 
19-IN. DIAGONAL 
COLOR TV 

* 3 8 8 n<> nu* 
REC. 469.95 
Auto. color. 6 only. 

Save *15o 

19-IN. DIAGONAL 
COLOR CONSOLE e q q s s 
%J %/%/No. 17457 
REG. 749.95 
Auto, color. 4 only. 

$4o OFF! 19-IN. DIAG. BLK./WHT. TV 
- --.g# 
No. 13147. Solid state. 4 only. Reg. 199.95...... 1 5 9 

Save *6o 
13-IN. DIACONAL 
COLOR TV 
O Q Q 8 8 
AW 
%/No. 12337 
REG. 359.95 
Auto, color. 6 only. 

‘I ll off 

19-IN. DIAGONAL 
COLOR TV 

* 3 3 8 n. IMT. 
REG. 449.95 
Auto, color. 4 only. 

WASHERS-DRYERS 

Save *41 
18-LB. CAPACITY 
AUTO. WASHER 

$2 2 8 no 6o25 
REG. 269.95 
Heavy-duty. 4 only. 

*41 off 

SIGNATURE* 
ELEC. DRYER 

* 1 9 8 n„ t,„ 
REG. 239.95 
4 temp. selector. 

LIMITED QUANTITIES ON 
SOME ITEM S—HURRY IN. 

*51 off 

18-LB. CAPACITY 
AUTO. WASHER 

*288- «.s 
REG. 339.95 
8-cycles. 

Save *41 

18-LB. CAPACITY 
ELECTRIC DRYER 

^ I 5 8 s u 7225-2* 
REG. 199.95 
3-cycles. 3 only. 

$4o OFF! 2o-LB. CAP. WASHER 
o , o88 
No. 6427. 12 cycles. Reg. 359.95..................... 6 I V 

$4o OFF! 2o-LB. CAP. DRYER o q q 88 
No. 7427. Electric. 6 cycles. Reg. 279.95 ............ 

$4o OFF! 2o-LB. AUTO. WASHER 
No. 6417. Gold only. Reg. 339.95 ......................... Z*/*/ 

Save *81 
WARDS MICRO­ 
WAVE OVEN 
238n« M2! 
REG. 319.95 

*11o off 
19.9-CUBIC FOOT 
REFRIGERATOR 

 o e q 
77 1915 
REG. 469.95 
3-dr. white. I only. 

DISHWASHERS 

GAS RANGES 

Save *51 
WARDS 3o-IN. 
GAS RANGE 

* 2 4 8 n„ 2 ,,6 
REG. 299.95 

*1o1 off 
WARDS 3o-IN. 
GAS RANGE 
*298*. 2»« 
REG. 399.95 
Gold, Avocado, Copper. 

MICROWAVE OVENS 

Save *81 
WARDS MICRO- 
WAVE OVEN 
*278. M2, 
REG. 359.95 
With defrost. 

Save *17o 
2o.1-CUBIC FOOT 
REFRIGERATOR 
Q 7Q 77 
•J I %/No ZI56 
REG. 549.95 
Side-by side. 2 only. 

REFRIGERATORS 

$7o OFF! 17-CU. FT. REFRIGERATOR 
No. 1736. Limited quantity. Reg. 479.95 
4o9 
88 

Save *2oo 
23.8-CUBIC FOOT 
REFRIGERATOR 
599;i”'No. Z496 
REG. 799.95 
3 door. 2 only. 

*5o off 
17-CUBIC FOOT 
REFRIGERATOR 
‘299-,.,. 
REG. 349.95 
Top-mount. Wht. 2 only. 

$12o OFF! 21.4-CU. FT. REFRIGERATOR 
No. 2136. Limited quantity. Reg. 569.95 ..... 

$17o OFF! 2o.1-CU. FT. REFRIGERATOR 
No. 2176. 3-dr Regular 649.95 ...................... 

$18o OFF! 21.8-CU. FT. REFRIGERATOR 
No. 2276. 3-door. Reg. 699.95 ........................ 
$12o OFF! 23.8-CU. FT. REFRIGERATOR 
No. 2497. Regularly 849,95, now ................... 

44988 
47988 
51988 
72988 

SAVE ON FREEZERS 

Save *5o 
13-CUBIC FOOT 
FREEZER 
*199n„„,5 
REG. 249.95 
Upright. 3 only. 

*8o off 
23-CUBIC FOOT 
FREEZER 

o 1 9 8 6 
%J A % /N o ms*. 
REG. 399.95 
( hest m<Kiel. 

$7o OFF! 19-CU. FT. FREEZER 
No. 4935. Upright. Reg. 399.95 ... 

$7o OFF! 21-CU. FT. FREEZER 
No. 4945. Upright. Reg, 439.95 ... 

$7o OFF! 2o-CU. FT. FREEZER 
No. 8935. Chest. Reg. :H9.95...... 

32988 
369“ 
27988 

Save *1o 
LIGHTED MEDICINE 
CABINET 
5488 
REG. 64.95 
Mirrored door. 

*15 off 
SAFETY GLASS 
TUB ENCLOSURE 
6488 
REG. 79.95 
Silver finish frame. 

‘5o off 
DRY SINK STYLE 
CONSOLE STEREO 

O C Q 8 6 
MU%7no 2921 
REG. 319.95 
Wit h 8 track 

Save *12o 
4-CHANNEL 
COMPONENT PKG. 
88 
No. 6423 
REG. 469.95 
8 track. 3 only, 

Save *5o 
PORTABLE 
DISHWASHER 
349! 
199 
88 
Nu IM* 
REG. 249.95 
5-cycles 

*5o off 
BUILT-IN 
DISHWASHER 
199“,916 
REC. 249.95 
5-cycles. 

Save *6o 

15-CUBIC FOOT 
FREEZER 

No IM S 
REG. 3o9.95 
Chest model 

*5o off 
8.5-CUBIC FOOT 
FREEZER 
189! 
188 
'N o, MAS 
REG. 239.95 
Chest ,3 only, 

FOR FAST, CONVENIENT SHOPPING AT ANY WARDS STORE JUST SAY “CHARGE IT!" WITH A CHARG ALL ACCOUNT 
Shopping value? Makes sense. tvrEYrfU 

SAVE 
‘5o 

2237 
CONSOLE STEREO WITH RECORDER 
AM/FM/FM-stereo receiv- 
^ er, 8-track recorder/player, 
| Ca Cf automatic record changer. 
JL 
REGULARLY 249" 

W ood-grained vinyl-clad cabinet. 

V enable speed gounnet control. 

Save *16o 
8195 

San Antonio EXPRESS-NEW S— Sunday February 2o 1977 

16I/4"x6', reg. 6.59 now 
4 .9 4 

55Vx6', reg. 8.49 now 6.37 
73,i"x6', reg 16.99 now 12.74 

Save 25% 

Energy-saving white vinyl shade. 
277 
37V4"x6' 
Regularly 3.69 

White embossed shade is translucent. Wipes clean with soap and water. Flame, stain re­ sistant. Won't mildew. 

12 SQUARE CLEAR MIRROR TILE 
Add beauty to any room. 
Easy to install Sold in 

SAVE 

 tOR 

88 pkg..of 12 only. Tape incl. 
CTR OF 12 

REGULARLY 

STEEL “Z” SHELF BRACKET 
Predrilled brackets are 
OOO Each 
Regularly 1.19 

 sturdy and easy to install. 
Just screw into wall. 

COOKS FAST 
Roast beef, tried. 
7’ ; min./lb. 
B aked potato just 
I1 .• min. 
W h o l e l o b s t e r S - 9 m i n 
81H6 
WARDS DELUXE MICROWAVE OVEN 
Wards oven cuts most cook times 75r,f . Gourmet cook co n tro l. auto. def r o s t. 
35-min. dual stage timer. 
REG. 429.95 
299 g g 

M O N K , O M I R Y im a iJ 
Big value, low prices... that’s Wards tradition 

Value. 
4-function pocket- size calculator. 
£49 

Reg. low price. 

 d-digit LEI) display, floating decimal. Adds, subtracts, multiplies, divides. Uses simple algebraic logic. 

Buy now 

Polaroid SX-7o film ASI 
IO brilliant color prints. 
Film pack has built-in bat­ tery. 
WARDS 
PRICE 

Save $25 

His ’n hers 
1o-speed racer 
69 
Reg. 94.99 
SS 

Racers have welded-on cable stops, stem shift and safety levers. Yellow men's frame, blue women’s. 
Save $15 

M en ’s 3-speed lightw eight 

69 

Bikes have chromed fenders, trigger shift, dual caliper brakes, 26x1 V ' tires. 

88 

Reg. 84.99 

Unassem bled. 
No. 8o661 Chopper reg. 1o4.99 ............................ 74.88 

Model 37I2H 
Save $2o 

3^2-hp, 2o steel-deck rotary mower. 
9988 

Briggs & Stratton engine, 
Pull & Go instant start. 
Catcher, reg. low ... 19.99 
Regular 119.99 

SAVE *11 

DEPENDABLE 
‘3oo’ DISPOSER 
48i8 8 

REGULARLY 59 95 
Tool steel grinding ring, ja m -r e sista n t swivel impellers work to grind toughest jobs. 
Rubber sound cushion. 

16.11 off. 

Rugged 4-lh polyester-fill sleeping bag. 

1 8 88 

Sturdy nylon outershell, cot ton-flannel lining! Practical; machine wa**h. 
Regularly 34.99 

SAVE 8.12 
MEN S COLORFUL 
PATTERN FLARES 
788 

REGULARLY 516 
Kine dress slack con­ struction. No - 1 ion doubloknit polyester. 
Bail-bol waist ends roll-over. 3o to 42. 

Special buy. 

HANDY 5-PC. TUNE-UP KIT 

7 8 8 
Chrome-plated steel. %" dr. ratchet, sockets, spark plug gauge, extension. 

V/\ 
* 
\ 
I O11 i 
J 

/UM 
V g 
\ j 
¥ ft, 

Ai 

 r*ei 

Save 25% 

Religious jewelry assortment 
Choose from sterling silver 
o 7 4 
I o 9 9 

 or 12k gold filled religious t o X # medals and crosses. 
4.99-23.99 

34' better quality 
...............ea. 24 
42' press-on Ea&y-Stick ..c a . 34' 
54' best Easy-Stick“ ea. 44 
Low-cost installation available. 

Plastic cabinet 

SAVE 
*1o5 

12937 

2o-26% off all in-stock 
Armstrong 9 tile. 
^ *7C 

Colorful, easy-care. dura- JL I hie. Vinyl asbestos, 12x12 ". 
Reg. 25 

Carton of 45, reg. 11.25, 7.65. 

DELUXE 19" DIAGONAL PORTABLE l - button color t uni ng plus AFC for best possible picture. U/V antennas. 

Regularly 449.95 
$344 

M ounting hardware included 

NYLON PILE ALL-PURPOSE CARPET 
Easy-care plush with rub­ ber back. Machine-wash. 
6" W; scissor-trim to fit. 
___ 
O F F 
5o% 

*• 
^ 
Save *9o 

Royce 6o1 23-channel mobile CB radio 
Extra-large S-RF meter. 
Continuous fine tuning, rn auto. noise limiter, PA. 
Was 169.95 

—— —— — 
-- --------- L............................- ....................... ..-......... 
........ 
I 

WHY PASS UP A GOOD BUY? APPLY FOR A NO-MONEY-DOWN CHARG-ALL ACCOUNT TO BUY THE GOOD BUYS 

TW T 
• 
I 

1 

 i NOW 
P- 

 f 
/ i a o i v t g o 
/ i a e k y ixew Iin town; Look us u] 
IWAI SE I 

W O N D E R L A N D M A L L 

Fredericksburg Rd. st Loop 41o 
Open IO A.M. until 9 P.M. delly 

M C C R E L E S S M A L L 

So. New Braunfels at Southerns* 
Open IO A M. until 9 P M. daily 

W I N D S O R P A R K M A L L 

IN IS North at Wale am Road 

Open IO A M until 9 P M daily 

L A C K L A N D P L A Z A 
R A N D O L P H P L A Z A 

7569 Highway to Wart 
OOO Pal Book.. Road 

Many berne on this page available at Warda Neighborhood store* 

Title won bv H-M 

Lots o f sports happenings in San Antonio Saturday 

R O N N IE T H O M A S of Healy-Murphy, right, fights for rebound with 
Steve Sch aaf in photo taken by staff photographer Steve 
Campbell. Center picture shows Trinity’s Jill Harenberg in action in 

 photo taken by Pat Hamilton. Trinity lost reports on page 2S. Photo at left, taken by 
Clemens’ Susan Rouse in action. 

 and Kevin O 'Keeffe 
H.M.Dean, Jr., shows 

By JOHN HINKS 

O f THI EX C ESS N EW S ST Aff 

Healy-Murphy returned to the throneroom and joined three defending cham pions as win­ ners of Saturday’s TOIL State 
Tournament title games at Con­ vention Center A ref a. 

It was a long wait but a worthwhile one for Healy-Murphy, as the Trojans edged defending champion Galveston 
O’Connell. 62-6o, for the Class AA boys’ title. 
Healy-Murphy thus won its eighth state title, third in four years and first under 
Coach Charles Harris. 
Last year O ’Connell won the tournam ent after Healy-M urphy was declared ineligi­ ble. 
Houston Stroke J e ­ suit continued its do­ mination of Class AAA 
Hines sports, jum ping to a 13-o lead and stopping Fort Worth Nolan. 42-37, for the boys’ title in the bigger class. 
Jesuit has now won all five state sports titles thusfar this school year — football, soccer, sw im m ing, cross country and now basketball 
Poth g ir ls ’ cham pions repeated. 
D allas Bishop Lynch over Corpus 
Christi Incarnate Weird. 53-32, in Class 
AAA, and Ennis St. John's over Shiner 

State 

By CLIFFORD BROYLES 
O f THE EXPRESS-NEWS STAFF 

The Clemens Buffettes put a lock on the unofficial city title, the official regional one and started looking toward state Sa­ turday night. 

The Buffettes. top-ranked in the Ex- prcss-News poll since the season be­ gan. stopped defending cham pion 
Weslaco, 68-6o, Saturday night to win the Class AAAA Re­ gion 
IV girls basketball champion­ ship before 1.ooo enth­ usiastic followers at 
Blossom 
A thletic 
Center. 
Clem ens, now u n ­ beaten in 33 gam es, will advance to the 
AAAA state tourney vV next Friday in Austin. 
Ur...i,c 
Pairings for the four-' tsroyies toam no)d win be an_ nounged at 11:3o a.m. Monday. 
The Buffettes sewed up the city title, although there is no official award, earlier in the day, by blasting s e ­ cond-ranked Jay, 77-6o, in a high-noon shootout. Weslaco scored the gam e’s final eight points to nip Austin 
Johnston, 65-63, in the other semifinal. 
Clemens and Weslaco put on a good show, the lead bouncing back and fourth until the clock headed into its 

S u n d a y 
Kx|»r*kss-.\«‘\vj> 
JOE MORGAN SIGNS 
RICHEST RED PACT 
PAGE 5S 
SPORTS 
SPORTS CALENDAR ON PAGE 2S 
GIVES ALL THE WEEK'S EVENTS 

Page I -S 
H 
February 2o I 977 
Finley defies Kuhn order 
Rhubarb 

Defends 

JIM SIH LER 

By CLIFFORD BROYLES 
Of THI EXPRESS N EW S STAFF 

Texas 
L u t h e r a n ’s 
J im 
Shuler is fed up with St. 
M a ry ’s and its dynastic clam p on Big State Confer­ ence basketball. 
Shuler lashed out at defen­ sive tactics used by Rattler 
Coach Ed M e ssb a rg e r and said the veteran mentor inti­ m idated officials with his te a m ’s roughhouse play in 
TLC’s 59-47 loss to St. Mary’s 
Thursday night. 

St. Mary's clinched at least a tie for its lith straight championship by winning. 
Despite the setback. S h u ler's 
H ogs slip bv Texas 

Sports on radio, TV 

TELEVISION 
11:43 a.m. (Ch ll) — Soccer 
Noon (Ch 4) — Grandstand 
Noon (Ch. 12) — The Superstars (ll qualifiers compete in the men s finals in seven of IO events, including tennis, rotting, swimming, bottling, Height- lifting. baseball hitting, 1oo-yard dash, hall milt* run, obstacle course and bi­ cycle racing) 
12:3o p.in (Ch. I) — College Bas­ ketball: North Carolina vs. Virginia 
12:3o p.m. (l h. 3) — Sunday with the 
Spurs 
12:43 p.m. (C h. 5) — NBA double- header: Los Angeles vs. Washington; 
Boston vs. (iolden Stale 
2 p.in (Ch, 12) — Ha M o n a 3oo Auto 
Race 
2 p m. (l h, ll) — Knockout Boxing highlights 
2 3o p i i i. (( h I) — Grandstand 
3.3o p m. U h 12) - Wide World ol 
Sports: I n te r national Toboggan ( ham piaaships, I hi ne sr acrobats 
I 3o p m. ( lh 
12) — film la m p bell Los Angeles Open (toll to u rn a ­ ment 
RADIO 
12 Ii p m (W t)\l. I.'twi — san A i­ lanto Spurs vs. Nett Orleans J a n 

FAYETTEVILLE, Ark. (AP) 
— Marvin Delph scored six points in the final 2:o4 of the first half as Arkansas broke away from Texas and went on to a 73-61 victory Saturday. 
The*llth-rankcd Razorbacks are now 
24-1 one for the season and 15-o in the 
Southwest Conference. 
T i XA* t i : Boater I J J It. DoGon I o 2 2, (*or*on 
3 7 a la. Moore 3 12 7, K rtvoc* 1ooo 2o, Dank* I I 2 
J Totals ?S ll 17, 
A R K A N S A S 7) 
Oeloh 12 4 4 21. Count# o OO o. 
Stroud 1o o 2. M oncnef 7 V t 19. B re w e r 4 OO S. 
Scholl 4 2 2 1o. Buckner J ft) t, T rum too o o 2 o. Nutt 
o OO, lahrt o OO o, G earing o OO o, engr im o OO o. 
Totals 31 It 17 
H a lf t im e — A rk o n to * 
37, 
R ic e 
22 
T o ta l foots—.Teaux IS. Arkansan 19 Fouled out—Parson. 
Te»o* 
Technical*— Te«a* and 
K rivac *. 
Te«a*. 
•A Y LO R ( t i ) : Oliver o o o o , P otion I OO 2. Spicer ti J o t 2S. (togowxkl 2 l l S, A E dw ard* t 12 )1, 
Jane* t (VO 12. M cG uire 2 o o 4 Total* 28 V9 
T IX A S T fC H (44) Duke* S I i 12. M E dw ordk 3 
&o t, R u tte d 8 4 7 ii. H utton 7 B l 14. K itchen* S 2 3 
12. W illiam* I OO 2. Ph#m « o OO o Total* 29 1o-11. 
H a lf tim e — T e ia * T e c h 38, B a y lo r 14. T o ta l to u t* —B ay lo r IS. Tech IS. T e c h n ic a l!—R u tte d , 
Te«o* Tech C ooch M y e rt, Jon#*. B ay lo r C oach 
Holler A—t.49l. 
O K LA H O M A C IT Y (8o). G w altnev 2 OO 4. G ra c e v ' 
7 2 2 It. Kro u te I VSS. M ontgom ery 7 o o 14. Tucker 
8 2 118. Hill IO 11 ii. S vkora o OO o Total* ii IO-11 
S O U T H E R N M S TH O O tST U S): Sw edlund t OO 
12 S w anton J o-o1. R obm ton S l l ll, LodwKfc 9 2 1 
2o. H ale I OO I, C e ro ta te o o o o, H o rn * j o l t , 
Arnold o o o o. D av it 4 SO 8 Total* It I t 
H a lftim e — SMU 42. O k la h o m a C ity 4o 
T e ig i tout* 
OCU 14. SMU 2o F outed out -H o w A - 4 /go 
TCU (71) Soy** I I l l . ( r owe 7 S o 4, M arion J 87 ll. Mill I I 2 3. B lad en o o o o , Home 71 S I, M cDowell 
SOO to. Hoyt S I 4 I I Mc r e a g a n 7 7 1 It, A thlev o ! o 
7 G o tte n o OOO. W vtong 1 1 4 4 Total* i t *81) 
RICK ( ti ) 
3ackton 2 7 7 t V ale 1 1 » 24, D arden 
2o t i l l i t . R ey n o ld * I ) } I, Thorne* 7 4 7 I t. 
C unningham o Od o- M iner o OO I. Sim m on* f l i t , 
L o u e re rte o OO o. R o g er* l o o t - L a n e o OO o. 
► it hunger O U I . P grrtk* o ) 2 * . Kk«re«h I OO t 

Mammie 
R u e tS. K U It Tata* (auto— TCU JO. 
R h * M Few ie# Out - MHI. M cD ow ell Meet. Reyn 
Braden Simm on* A — I ROI, 

 squad earned a berth alongside the 
Rattlers in the NAIA playoffs by beating St. Edward’s. 87-62, Satur­ day night in Seguin. 
“ T h at’s not inside defense the way it is supposed to be played,’’ said Shuler. “ They are out there fouling you just to butcher you. 
“They know it will work because they’ve got more players than us and can afford to do it and wear us down. By the time they go to their third man the officials just aren’t going to call it anymore. 
"I hate to have to coach that way and I won’t. We are not going to play that way. 
"If you allow them to play that way, then you take all the finesse out of the game and you just as well put on the pads. That’s my view­ point." he added. 
Pushing, shoving 
When asked to pinpoint what was irregular about St. M ary's inside defense, Shuler said it was just a lot of "shoving, holding and pushing.” 
The fifth-year coach said his thoughts m ight be construed as 
"sour grapes" but added, " I ’ve felt this way for a long time." 
Shular pointed out that he had also been critical of the officiating of the first St. M ary’s m eeting, which TLO won in double overtime, 
75-68 
The main focal point of Shuler’s blast was his 6-8 senior post man, 
Steve Porter. Porter had 24 points, including 14 of 17 at the free throw- line, and grabbed ll rebounds. 
"After all the crap he’s taken in the last four years from St. Mary’s it is a credit to Steve that he hasn’t lost his te m p e r ,” said Shuler. 
"There a r e n ’t five players in the country that could take alt that abuse without losing their temper." 
Silent 

( 

L " A 

Ironically in his post-game com­ ments, Messbarger said, "I don’t understand. 2 Why they don’t allow you to Porter as he does. I’ve seen this happen for four years." 
When asked to react to the accu­ sations, M essbarger called them 
"foolish and not worth answering." 
“ As far as pushing and shoving go I’m not sure Porter didn't do m ore than we d id ,” said M ess­ barger. "A s far as playing body’ position on defense, we do have some contact. 
“ We w ouldn’t teach such ta c ­ tics.’’ he said. "We didn’t get where we are by playing that way. We got here by playing good team defense. 

“ We have the third hest defensive record (accord ing to the latest 
NAIA statistics) playing around tin* 

See TIX, Page SS 
ED MESSBARGER 

STEVE PORTER 

Jazz time for Spurs 

Bv JE F F GROSSMAN 
OF Tnt (XF4I&1 N EW S UTAH 

Coach Doug Mot* wants his Spurs to get back to their running ways when they face the New Orleans Jazz Sunday at the Conven­ tion Center Arena. 
Tipoff is 12:45 p.m. 

" I ’m going to attempt to substitute more frequently to get the running game going," said Moe after Saturday’s practice at Blossom Athletic Center. 
"We’ve gradually gotten out of the habit of running, and I think that’s the key to our success at home. 
"We’re not a great offensive team We don’t have an overpowering guy who can 

See SPI RS, Page bs 

CHICAGO (AP) — Oakland 
A’s owner Charles O. Finley sold relief pitcher Paul Lindblad to the Texas Rangers for $4oo,ooo 
S atu rd ay and set up an o th er possible confrontation with baseball Commissioner Bowie 
Kuhn. 

In making the deal, Finley ignored a telegram In* said he received a day earlier from Kuhn asking that the commissioner be notified of any deal involving a star player and a substan­ tial amount of money before it is con­ summated. 
Minutes before completing the {tale, 
Finley vowed to defy Kuhn's request and, in announcing the deal, suid: " I ’m not telling the commissioner nothing 
.. let him read about it in the paper like the rest of the fans." 
Meddling 

Earlier Saturday, Finley charged that Kulm was meddling in his nego­ tiations to sell left-handed pitchers Vi­ da Blue and Lindblad, a 12-year veter­ an who had a 6-5 record and a 3 o5 earned run average last season. 
Lindblad, 35, was with Texas in 1o72, when he led the league in appearances with 66 He was traded to Oakland after the season. In 1974, he had a 2.o5 
ERA with the A’s, the best of his car­ eer. He had a ft-1 record in 1975. 
Finley said he would use the $4oo,ooo 
"to build my ball club." 
Finley, who has sued Kuhn for void­ ing three other big-money deals, said that last week he received substantial cash offers from Montreal general m anager Charlie Fox for Blue and from Texas President Brad Cor bt* ti for 
Lindblad 
Who? 

LOS ANGELES (AP) - Tom 
Purtzer, an obscure, non-win­ ning longshot, humbled proud old Riviera with a five-under- par HH and assumed a solid, three-stroke lead Saturday in the third round of the $2oo,ooo 
Glen Campbell-Los Angeles 
Open Golf Tournament. 
Complete results, page HS. 
Baseline Bums 

By THOM GREER 

CHICAGO SUN HME* 

They call it a night of fun when the San Antonio Spurs play. Good, clean, wholesome fun. 

 rills is south central Texas where, before Hie National Basketball Asso­ ciation clanned it, the only other major league event P unned a team of Mexi­ cans captained bv Santa Anna shutting 
(Hit a gritty I tut overmatched local club in a matchbox arena called the Alamo 
Today , the NBA tx the only show in t«*wn in this city of 785JUN) And every 

Thom Greer covers the NBA for the Chicago Sun Times. Ile wrote the article after a Chicago 
Bulls Spurs game Jan. 19. The story appeared in the Sun-Tlmes on Jan. 21. 

 time the> open Hit* flours of Hu* Ile* nusFair Arena, tit push upwards of 
RHUM) Ideals who a year ago thought all basketballs were ABA red. white and blue En lot nnis run high 
Seldom do you s e e a b a sk e tb a ll crowd — any sports crowd — so alive, so throbbing with anUcmaUon. 

The real fanatics arrive two hours before gam e time. They call them- selves the "Baseline Bun ii." And they meet in the Lone Star Pavilion across the street from the arena to fuel up on what else? — the state drink. lame Star 
Beer, 
Another clot of the crazies shell out big bucks tu sit directly behind tile visiting team ’s bench They huddle together for pack courage They’re like basket cases with their continuous poring, tormenting, goading and ohs lenities t'oat h Ihihie Brown of Atlanta once complained that senile members of the 

See WRITER. Page is 

San Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— Sunday February 2o 1977 
Birdsong MVP 

RUSSELL 
DELPH 

BREWER 
MONER EIF 

ASSOCIATED PRESS 
Champion Arkansas placed its trio of 6-4 jumping jacks on The 
Associated Press’ All-Southwest 
Conference basketball team, while Houston’s Otis Birdsong ran off with Most Valuable 
Player honors. 

Birdsong. Texas Tech center Mike 
Russell and Marvin Delph of Arkansas were unanimous picks on the All-SWC team selected by the loop’s nine coaches. 
Ron Brewer and Sidney Moncreif of 
Arkansas also won first team honors. 
The All-SWC squad was almost preordained — only three other players got first team votes. They were Steve 
Jones of Texas AAM. Ron Baxter of 
Texas and Larry Spicer of Baylor. 

Eddie Sutton of Arkansas was a near-unanimous choice for Coach of the Year. 

Baxter and Houston’s Mike Schultz, a junior college transfer, tied for 
Newcomer of the Year honors. 

Dan Cook 

OTIS BIRDSONG 
Most Valuable Player 

M ixed em otions for young Rote 

Kyle Rote Jr., son of one of San Antonio’s all-time great athletes, presently stands—and sits—in one of the strangest positions sports has ever found a man. He’s the only guy in the world who might be flirting with inferiority and superiority complexes at the same time. 
Now, as any good shrink might tell us, this kind of struggle in the brain barrel could cause permanent damage to most folks. Why, it could even drive a good soul to drink. A lesser dude than young Kyle could wind up in a padded room on the funny farm. cr. 

 v \^ 

 x v i 
Trinity cagers fall 

TRANSMISSIONS 
LETUt INSPECT VOt/RTRANSHluiOtJ v r a f o t a r a a n d dive you a 
V U L X i D U F A U U w d HONEST 
' A m m vv \ S 
ESTVAAATB 

R E S E A L S P E C IA L IZ E .* 5 

•PWONT se AX* NEASE SEAL.-AD TV ST SA M O S 
'SET LINKAGE-REPLACE PAN CASKET* 
• CLF AM e ILTIU? m FILO HT 4 KUAR 

 s e n t i * 

FREE. ROAD 
TEST 

MI 
W E ALSO SERVICE . J 
■ 
'T O Y O T A .* D A T S U N I 
O PCLS ere. 
TERMS 
TOWING 
PM*** 
TK> 
-PAS 
7 OO 

TSO- 

[TWt 
7361546 

A C R O SS t NOMA WOMOCA L A M O 
CO MM BA O f L O O P 4 1 o 4 
FRCOCRICKSIuAg «£> 
4627 FRED6RJCK5oVW6 

By KEVIN O’KEEFFE 
OE TEft WPKESS NEW S STAIE 

Trinity, unable to score in the first eight and one- quarter minutes of the game, never quite recovered and dropped a 56-48 deci­ sion to Tarleton State 
Saturday in the championship game of the TIAA Tour­ nament at 
Sams 
Center Gym. 

The 
Tigers. who downed Sui Ross, 58-42, in a Saturday morning match to move into the championship game, missed 12 consecutive shots at the game’s outset. i 
"We just do that," 
Trinity Coach Libby 
Johnson said, comment­ ing on the early cold streak and trying to figure out why. "We have gotten down by 18 and 2o points before we finally score. 
" I reminded them to keep moving on offense. 
Move the ball and their bodies. And I told them to keep shooting. We 

S U N D A Y 
Pro 8o*ketball 
Spurs vs 
New O rleans Ja i* . 
Convention Center Arena. I H I p rn 
Bow ling 
Southw est Texas Ju n io r B o w lin g 
Assooatlon tournament, Goliad Lanes, I a m and 
S pm 
C o lle ge B a sk e tb a ll: 
Lone S ta r C o n fe ren ce tournament at Brownwood — Sam Houston vs. 
East Texas, 2 p m ; Southwest Texas vs. Abilene 
Christian, 4 pm . 

M O N O A Y 
College Golf: 
Southwest Texas In vitatio n al, 
Woodcreek Golf Course, Son M arcos, I p.m. (A rea teams entered 
Southwest Texas, Texas A & l). 
Collage Basketball: St. M ary's vs. St. Ed w ard s. 
Alumni Gym , 7 JO p m. 
Trinity vs 
Texas College. Sam s Center G ym , 
7 JO p m. P re lim in a ry g am e: 
St. P h ilip 's vs. 
Trinity JV , S. 3o p.m. 
Lone Star Conference tournament at Brownwood 
— Stephen F Austin vs. Sam Houston-East Texas w in n er; H ow ard P a y n e vs. So u th w e st Texas- 
Apilene Christian winner 

T U E S D A Y 
College B ase b all: 
St 
M ary s vs 
Texas (2). 
Austin, I p m 
College Golf: 
Southwest Texas In vitation al, 
Woodcreek Golf Course. San M arcos. I p m (A rea teams enterea 
Southwest Texas. Texas A H I) 
College Tennis 
Trinity vs 
Tennessee. Trinity 
Tennis Stadium, 2 p m 
College Basketball 
St Philip s vs San Antonio 
College, SAC Gym , 2 P rn. 
St 
M a ry 's wom en vs. Son A ntonio C ollege women, SAC Gym , 6:3o pm . 
Lone Star Conference tournam ent at Brownwood 
— Championship gam e begins at 7 JO p m, 
Pro Basketball 
Spurs vs Los Angeles Lakers. 
Convention Center Arena. 7:3o p m . 
H igh School B a sk e tb a ll: 
C lass A b id istrict playoff — Blanco vs. Charlotte, Lee High School 
Gym, 7.3o p.m. 

W E D N E S D A Y 
College Baseball: 
Texas Lutheran at Trinity, 3 

 p rn. 
College Basketball: 
T IA A men s tournam ent. 
Sams Center Gym , Trinity — Tarleton vs Austin 
College. I p.rn . Trinity vs M cM u rry . 7 p m ; Sui 
Ross vs. Tarleton Austin College winner, 9 p m 

T H U R S D A Y 
College Tennis: 
Trinity men In Corpus Christi tournament, all day. 
Trinity women in Lor tournament, Beaum ont, all day. 
Pro B a sk e tb all: 
Spurs vs. M ilw au k e e Bu ck s, 
Convention Center Arena, 7:3o p m. 
College B ask e tb all: 
T IA A men s tournam ent, 
Sam s Center Gym , Trinity — Cham pionship gam e begins at 7:3o p m. 
TAI AW South Zone tournament, K ingsville (tim es ond pairings to be announced) 
Boxing: Mike A yala vs. Rom ero A nova tor North 
A m e rica n Bo xin g F e d e ra tio n 's Su p e r B a n ta m ­ weight title. M unicipal Auditorium 
P re lim in a ry bouts. Roy H ernondet vs. Ern esto Ruiz, G ilb e rt 
Galvan vs. E ia u le l Coronado First bout begins at 8 
D.m. 

F R ID A Y 
College Tennis: 
Trinity men in Corpus Christi tournament, all dov 
Trinity women in Lam ar tournament. Beaum ont, all day 
College Baseball 
Phillips at Trinity (2), i : 3Q p m Hill County vs. SAC (2). t p m ., Olmos 
College B ask e tb all: t a i a w South Zone tour noment, 
Kingsville 
(times and pairings to be announced). 

S A T U R D A Y 
College Tennis: 
Trinity men in Corous Christi tourney, oil day. 
Trinity women in Lam ar tourney. Beaum ont, all day 
College Baseball: 
Phillips at Trinity ( 2), I Dm 
Hill County VS SAC (2). I p m. Olmos 
' 
Pro Basketball: Sours at Atlanta / us p rn 
College Bask etball: 
N A I A D istrict IV playoffs 
(times, pairings, sites to be announced). 
TAIAW South Zone tournament. Kingsville were getting good shots, but they would not go in. 
I told them we could not be that cold for 
4o minutes.’’ 
Indeed, Trinity did not 

714) N. SAN PEDRO AVE. A 
23* S.W. MILITARY DC. 
Ohm! 
M OwHy/E-4 Sun 
SAN ElDEO CAS STATION ONN SUNDAY 1o4 

O M TO TSN etc INT TWI INDUS tex St VIKI W I 
MAT Bl IN W O IT SUKUT OE SOM! TWI S H IS 

TIRE SALE! 

DUNLOP 4 FULL PLY* 
POLYESTER CORDS! 

1 9 “ 

W HITIS PIUS 
ONLY 3.oo 
EACH! 

SIZE: 
A78 13 
56o-15 

878 13 
6oo-15 

C78 13 
878 14 
C78 14 
E78 14 

F78 14 
G78-14 
G78-15 

M78-14 
H78-15 

J78-15 
178-15 

FED 
EXC. TAX. 
1 72 
1.77 

1.82 
1.81 

1.97 
1.9o 
2.o1 
2.23 

2 37 
2 53 
2.59 

2 73 
2.79 

2 96 
3.o9 

ADO MAIS Of WIA!! 
WHEEL 
ALIGNMENT! lei Our Expert* 
Set Comber. 
Coxier A lee 
Shrmx A tabor included 
Maw USe 
N'Meemdi 
7" 

■ 
H i 
I.e.ix.WltiM 

Mobil 

INSTALLATION 

INCLUDED! 

•Winn wa 

 libra Savings on Pirtlli 

Motorcycle Tiros! 

1o% Off OUR Kl CULAX LOW MHU 
ON ANY SZ I IN STOCK! 

SIAL 
SHU BELTED BU U RADIALS! 
PERFECT FOR SPORT/IMPORTI 

EID 
SUE 
UC IAX 
RIKE 
I SSS I 3 
1.67 
M 
J I 
1631 13 
IS I 
36 J * 
ISS /Off 13 
193 
44.11 
I65R 14 
I 89 
4o J I 
165* 15 
2 o3 
42 J I 
J ST i l l MU.IS jpkeo I RO I YESTER COMDSI 

SHOCK ABSORBERS! 

8 8 
WAVY Mm. 
IMM rn Bm 

•ach 

M u m um i 
*»gxm»x .elf lpm 
••P 
UA mer xx dkpAxw.dk it pm rn I kern < 
•tm 
M 
AN ARAMAKI 
SMOCKS, 

 ta (en « e m . 

 tnt u« to hi m i es UK M M I urn rn wa v 
■ a ans 

D om oV W ll'B r 

QUALIFIER TIRU 
2 FOiYtSTR COCOS pins 2 HUI GLA SS lf ITS! 

 wt ut iu mn 
EMU J n AIM 
GAO 14 ) OZ 
U M 
I AO 14 J SA 
S S M 
IOO I i 2 93 
43 AA 
GAO I ) JOA 
A S M 
LAO IS 3 7o 
S S M 

RAIMO WHITS Lf TTMI SI 

GLOBAL SATURN BATTERY! 

49 Month Umitod W arranty I 
H IO W H O M U D S ITT* 

MUFFLER SPEC IA L! 
M f « an t S lit 
2 1 MgMti 
I R 
I W 
Cg Stock! 

MMT, lOSSCr CAS TWO mm4 RUST a tli M M S * 

IU kanr« d xx| MX a an* et XT ae rn aru rn Meta a nee* ea 

IM I MTtaiON Of Al I NMA IO*! 
A KKRAIOB Af NO ORUM (ION 

 stay cold for the entire 4o minutes. A Jill Haren- berg hoop, making the score 14-2, was followed by a eight-foot jumper from Kathy Stidham and two more baskets by Ila* renberg. who wound up with 18 points in the game. 
Trinity closed within eight. 2o-12, with 7.58 left in the first half, but Tar­ leton. which has two long-range weapons by the name of Debbie 
Howard and Teresa Ca­ ro le rs, outscored the 
Tigers 14-4 over the next four minutes. 
The TexAnns built up a 
36-22 halftime lead, thanks to 16 of 31 from the field. Meanwhile, 
Trinity hit just seven of 
3o. 
Trinity changed from a zone to a woman-to- woman defense in the second half, disturbing 

Tarleton and causing some turnovers which helped the TU offense. 
This Tiger offensive resurgence was led by 
Harenberg and Patti 
McBee, her regular partner in scoring mad­ ness, who wound up with 
14 points in the game. 
Harenberg had eight points and 
McBee chipped in six as the 
Tigers outscored Tarle­ ton, 16-6. in the first IO minutes of the second half. 
But. with 1o:o3 left in the game, Harenberg, who was nine of 16 from the floor, fouled out. 
When 
Harenberg fouled out. Trinity was within four. 42-38. Then. 
Tarleton outscored Trin­ ity, 12-8, over the next eight minutes to take an eight-point lead into the last two minutes of the game. 

Look at it this way. In one corner we have Kyle Rote Jr., a favored finalist in ABC-TV’s Superstar event this afternoon. A two-time winner of the popular show that tests skills and muscles of the world’s best-known athletes, Rote has pocketed over 
$15o,ooo in prize money. Today his pockets will be poked with many more thousands. 

However, over in the other corner, we have the only bench-warmer ever to get invited to the Superstars TV show . 
Young Rote, without a doubt Ameri­ ca’s best-known soccer player, hasn't been a starter for the Dallas Tornado for the past two years and last season he spent most of the campaign sitting on sidelines. His 1976 soccer salary from the Dallas team was $7,ooo, con­ siderably less than the average Dallas barber makes in a year. 

When the Dallas soccer team takes to the road newspaper ads and bill­ boards tell one and all to “ come see 
Kyle Rote, Jr . ’’ Well, the advertise­ ments don’t lie. But if they were IOO percent truthful they would say, 
“ come see Kyle Rote Jr. sit on the bench.” 
It has always been my contention that timing is the most important fac­ tor that governs our daily lives. That’s been mentioned here before. It makes no difference whether you’re getting ready to brace the boss for a raise, ask the pretty girl next door for adate, hit a friend for a fat loan or look for good buys on Willie Nelson records. Timing is the big item. 

If you happen to catch the boss with a hangover when the company’s finances are down you might as well run for cover and forget the raise. If you catch the girl next door in a lonesome mood you’ve got a great chance but if your friend is also on the shorts and Willie 
Nelson is still gaining in popularity you’ll be out of luck. It’s all in timing. 

Of course, we don’t have any choice in the timing of most matters. That’s where luck sashays into the picture and Lady Luck was waiting with open arms for Kyle when ABC launched its 
Superstar show. 

NOW! 

U 
U 
/ 

COMPLETE CESSNA 
PRIVATE PILOT TRAINING 
INCLUDING: 

• 35 HOURS OY HIGHT IM A 197/ CISSNA ISO 
• 2o MOOK Of MUI I UCH! TRAINING NUM YOM INSTRUCTOR 
• CESSNA tun MAUD fUGMl HAIRING SYSTEM 
• ' ROTTER, TUNNEY COMMO* 
• IOC (OOI 
• (HAINING STOAKS 
• MJI CISSNA ISO COMMO Iii TRO! OTI IAT ING MANDIGO* 
• CESSNA MANUAL Of HIGHT 
• CESSNA PRIVATE TROT WOftttOOf 
• CISSNA MUTATE TROT MAIMING *1(o1o fOLDER 
• 35 NOUNS Of GtOONO TRAINING 
• lOMrUTE CESSNA AUDIO VIoUAI Ll MAAT OSAGE 
COMPLETE 
PACKAGE 
*895 
METRIC AIRMoTIVE INC. 
ROOSEVELT AND 99TM AVE. 
SAN ANTONIO, TCX AS 7 o 2 1 4 

5 1 2 - 9 2 2 - 2 7 4 7 • 9 2 4 - 7 3 7 5 

STRAMPE. CASB, 
Do c t o r , t tr m iMAL 
S P U k i t e r s ll 

T R IN IT Y (411 — Patti M cBee 4 6 7 14. Fuctk o o-1 o. Luna I OO 
I. Bachm an o OO o, Smith o o o o, Ju t Harenberg WOO I*. Stidham 
3 2 2 8, Brown I oo 2. Bu rbriage 1oo 2- Stem o 2 2 2 Total* 19 IO 12 
48 
T A R L E T O N S T A T E (S4> — 
Debbie W elkin * J 2 4 12, W illiam * o 
o o 2. May 1 o o 2, Teresa C o ro n e r* 5 O I IO. Slaughter 2 o-o 4, Ro** 
3 o 2 A. Debbie Howard 7 o-4 14, Lew i* 3 o 16 Total* 26 2 14 $6 

T R IN IT Y (SMI — M cBe e 6 o-1 12. Luna 2 2 2 6. H arenberg 4 o-o 8. 
Stidham 3 OO A, Bur budge 4 O I 8. Fgcik 2 OO 4. Rodrigue* I o-o 2. 
Bachm an 2 OO 4. Smith 3 OO 6. W alter* o OO o. Brow n I o-o 2, 
Lobdell o OO o. Stein o OO o. Total* 28 2 6 S* 
S U L R O SS (42) — 
Green 2 o-o 4. Speer A OO 12. 
G entry 
2 
1-2 S. 
Marque* 4 ) 4 9 , M cIntyre o Od o. Robinson 6 OO 12. Lan e 
o 
o o o 
Total* 2o 2 12 42 

A L L - T O U R N A M E N T T E A M 
F IR S T T E A M . Jill H arenberg. T rin ity, P a tti M cBe e. T rin ity, 
L y n n Conaron, M c M u r r y ; N a n c y F u d g e . M c M u r r y ; D ebbie 
H ow ard, Torteton, 
R o u e Le w i*. T arle to n ; 
T e re sa C aro th er* 
Tarleton 
S E C O N D T E A M 
Lynn Luno. Trinity. Kathy Stidhom, 
Trinity, W illie Lane. Sui Ro**; Shirley G entry, Sui Ro**. Debbie 
W alk rn*, Tarleton 

Big letdown 

 lf the show had started just two years later ifs about 5 to I that Rote would not have been invited to com­ pete. Look at the fields in both the men and women’s divisions and you won t find a second stringer from any sport. 
They’re all high-salaried starters. 

But timing was perfect for Rote w hen the TV show originated and since ho won that first Superstar series it’s only right that ho would continue to bi* invited back. Now. today, he’s favored to capture the championship for the third time. 
It’s a good thing, too, because he needs the money and the recognition doesn't hurt. After all. a family man with a base salary of just $7,ooo would feel durned silly, scooting around signing autographs as a sports cele­ brity w hile his wife took in washing to buy groceries. 
And how does Kyle feel about his role as a soccer substitute? 

Ifs been a tremendous letdown for 

 me lo sit on the bench,” he says. 
“ People come to the games, expecting to see me do magical things but in­ stead they just see me collecting splinters." But then, now cateh this, he adds, “ I can’t really complain, how­ ever, because in my heart I know that there are better players on my team than me and ifs the coach's job to field the best team that he can.” 

Now there’s an honest athlete who is, first of all, honest with himself. 
Trouble is, soccer in this country has just continued to improve with the im­ porting of so many forgeign, more ex­ perienced players. Kyle, now 25, could have been great in any of the more popular sports in this country but, un­ like his dad, he chose lacrosse and soccer. He was All-America in both those sports but you’d be amazed at how few calls lacrosse and soccer players get to do Ford Motor and IBM television commercials. 

No urgent need 

It’s been rumored that the rival 
American Soccer league has offered 
Rote about $25o,ooo to jump to their circuit. But, in all probability, he’ll sign again with Dallas. Maybe for 
$7,5oo this time. 

Money really isn t the most important thing in Kyle’s life. It doesn’t even rate in his top five. But, on the otherhand, it durned sure would climb in a hurry if the day came when he couldn't pay his phone or utility bills. 

That’s why this Superstar show is far more important to him than most of the competitors. The $1oo,ooo-plus base­ ball, football and basketball dudes en­ joy the various games and they laugh it up as they proceed. Sure, pride pushes them close to their best efforts. But ifs more than pride with Kyle. 
He needs the bread. He also needs the recognition which helps sooth his wounded ego. Win or lose today, he goes back to the soccer bench in two months. Maybe if he collects his third 
Superstar crown today he can hook on with Avis and run through some of the airports that O.J. Simpson has missed. 
Cage upsets 

Alabama fall* 
TUSCALOOSA, Ala. 
(AP) — Mike Jackson hit a 15-foot jump shot to break a tie and send 
Tennessee to 92-89 con­ quest of fourth-ranked 
Alabama in a Southeas­ tern 
Conference basketball game 
Saturday. 
Jackson’s shot ended a seesaw battle for the lead in the second half. The score was knotted seven times, 81-81 when he scored with less than four minutes to play. 

L o u isv ille loses 
M EM PH IS (A P ) - 
Sophomore forward 
James Bradley scored 24 points. 2o in the first half, to lead Memphis State to a 
87-77 upset over eighth-ranked 
Metro 
Conference rival Louis­ ville Saturday afternoon. 

For Louisville, which lost its second game of the week, it was the first conference loss against five victories and dropped the Cardinals record to 19-4. 

 the 

 its the 

ANCIRA WINTON 
CHEVROLET 

H pt4«*4* lo announce Mn oddiiten of 
Lloyd o Dragon to our MN* toter Mr 
Drongo H oogmoby from t a n g ll- 
Imrm on* tom# to Swi Antonio in 
IN / « on off**! umMdoit 
Ha attended 
Nm 
Umvomty of 
Mgryfond ond I* a inombxr of Anchor lodge 474 ond rho Aliofar Shoot 
Lloyd tnttitd 
Mn au romottbrie bu un tv) rn ion gary of 19/1. Although if ho* boon • principle hubby tn'h him unto bn Non year* 
Mt mutte* hr* found* ond po*) bu WIN** MUKMtO* IO IOU Of MMI Nm 
OI Amma RAnion (howe!#! 
Uo YD o. DRAGOO 
ANCIRA WINTON CHEVROLET 
N. FLORIS AT MARTIN 
225 5333 

Cincinnati bow* 
NEW YORK (AP) - 
James Bailey poured in 
29 points to lead Rutgers to an 89-7o college bas­ ketball upset of lOth-ranked Cincinnati 
Saturday at Madison 
Square Garden. 
Iona outscored Shuth 
Florida 1o7-lllU and North 
Carolina-Charlotte beat 
Seton Hall 85-75 in the nightcap of tripleheader. 
Rutgers, raisin record to 16-7, tool lead for good after eight minutes of the first half when a three-point play by Bailey made it 15-12. 
I CL A upset 
EUGENE, Ore. (AP) 
— Greg Ballard scored 28 points, including 16 rn the first nine minutes of the second half, as Oregon upended third-ranked 
ULLA Saturday for the second tune this season, 
64-55. 
The upset leaves the 
Ducks and Bruins tied for the lead in the 
Pacific-8 
Conference basketball race at 8-3 with 
Ibm* games remaining 

C O U P O N 

 t f|c O O P oN ® 
\ 

 e n t « 'e S c‘® 'C ° f> J a sW n 9 W n'S 

 e » e W 8 t ® , in s* y 'e 
_ 
/ 

 a U e » o 1 f t >Nedne 

 save- 

 ittT o f s coup°n 

II M W 

Strikesf n Spares 

By Harry Page 

W endell W ong is tournam ent whiz 

Wendell Wong is the man to beat in the upcoming 189-and-under tournaments. 
The 4o-year old restaurant owner won his second 189-and*under title in three attempts at Wonder Bowl last weekend. 
““i just got lucky,” said Wong. ‘‘Dickie Bell ran into a bunch of bad luck. I got the breaks and he didn’t. He had a couple of splits' and missed a seven pin, when he should have had strikes each tim e.” 
/ l l ' / e 
Wong beat Bell handily in the finals to pick up $225 for first place. Both keglers finished with a 191 I average. 
The difference — 15 pins — was 
Wong’s six victories to Bell’s in the finals. Wong finished with plus 91 and 
Bell plus 7B. 
“ This is the most money I’ve ever won in bowling,” said Wong, who won 
$2oo in the initial tourney in No­ vember. “ I’ve been bowling for 15 to 2o 
. years, lf it wasn’t for Art Vera, I wouldn’t have had this chance. This 
189-and-under idea of Vera’s has given a lot of bowlers a chance to win mon- ey.” 
Wong, who qualified for the finals in 
1oth place by a mere one pin over Jeff 
Dietzel, has a 177 book average. He is carrying a 175 in two leagues at pre­ sent . 
“ The first time I bowled in this tournament. I felt I didn’t have a chance,” said Wong, who averaged 215 in that first tournament victory. “ I got lucky that time and I got lucky this time, too.” 
The tournament, which paid through 
37 places, at tract cd 9o entries, and that included some women bowlers also. 
The next event is set for March 12-13 at 
Southside. 
The word is to keep Wong out of the finals, if you want a chance to win. 
That could be right, for Wong didn’t make the finals in the second tourna­ ment. 
Something big 

What started out as an intramural program as really developed into so­ mething big at Trinity. 
Trinity is among eight schools com­ prising the Texas Intercollegiate 
Bowling Conference — a league sanc­ tioned by both the American and Wo­ m e n ’s Internation al bowling con­ gresses. The league, however, is not sanctioned by any collegiate organiza­ tion 
Houston. Texas A&M, Texas, Lamar, 
North Texas State. Rice and Texas 
Southern are the other members of the league, which started on an intramural basis back in 19B3. 
“ The league starte d out as an intramural one that wanted to compete against each other,” said Dick Verly, 
Trinity’s sponsor and coach. “ But. it developed into som ething of a 
Traveling League with each school having a meet. Three years ago, Trin­ ity started treating the bowling pro­ gram as a collegiate snort—allocating funds to it from the athletic bud; “t and not treating it as a physical education activity." 
Mike Rizzo (173 average). Gary 
Culbertson (174). Dasid Culbertson 
(163), Gary Moore (167), Julie Roba 
(17o), Sharon Wolff (163), and David 
Drake 
(164) com prise the T iger teams. Trinity lost 
Mike Scruggs 
(177) through graduation and Ray Al­ varado (17ft) at mid-term. 
“ The TIBC is not necessarily a mixed league,” said Yerly, who gets plenty of help from Trinity’s lanes manager, Okie Carberry, and well­ known bowling figure. Bill Bilikas. 
“ Y ou’ve got to get the best five bowlers to represent your school. The only requirements are that the bowler be a fulltim e student and not on academic probation. We want students who are going to school for a fulltime education." 
Trinity, with two meets remaining, was in fourth place behind Houston, 
Texas A&M, and Texas, respectively, in the latest standings. 
“ It’s a pretty tough league and we’re hoping to have 1ft or 12 team s next year," Yerly said. “ It’s a good thing and maybe we can get schools like St. 
Mary’s and I ’TSA interested. 
“ It’s the best non-paying league I ve 

Son Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— Sunday February 2o 1977 

WENDELL WONG 
...a little richer seen, since we don’t offer cash prizes. 
Each series is set up on a 24-point ba­ sis, with a possible eight points per game, and i f s set up with the top bowlers of each team facing each other, num ber two against number two, etc. The team averages run from 
Hftft to 92o — 92ft is about what Houston carries.” 
The Trinity team will participate in the Texas Intercollegiate Bowling tour­ nam ent at Ayres Lancs in Corpus 
Christi. April 23-24. 
Around the lanes 
Seven schools will be participating in an Industrial Cooperative Training 
Scholarship tournament March 13 at 
San Pedro. 
“The students are trying to raise one penny for every pin they knock down,” said meet organizer Richard Weaver of Alamo Heights. “ The money will be divided between the seven schools for scholarships for students who wish to continue their education." 
Alamo Heights, South San Antonio, 
MacArthur, Lee, Holmes. Roosevelt and Lanier are the schools participa­ ting. 
“The students from the program it­ self will be eligible for the scholar­ ships," Weaver points out. “ For ex­ ample, if we raise $3,SOO. then $5oo would go to each school’s ICT program for the scholarship fund. If the scho­ larships were $25o each, then two stu­ dents in the program would receive scholarships for that amount to the college or vocational school of his choice." 
Juan Leon rolled a 176 all spare game at San Pedro ... The Freddy 
Martinez sponsored Alamo Tourna­ ment Association event will be held 
Saturday and Sunday at All Star ... 
Robert Wand rolled a 28o and Shirley 
Mansfield had a 268 at Oak Hills ... 
Mario Valdez rolled a 265 and Marilyn 
Schaeffer had a 182 all span* game at 
Wonder Bowl ... Thelma Marshall bowled a 184 all sp are gam e and 
George Britton Sr. had a 259 at 
Southside ... 
Ronnie DeStefano. an 
A.IBC bowler, had his first 6oft (638) and rolled 1o2 pins over his average with a 243 gam e, and 
Sandra 
Schneider rolled an 85 triplicate at 
Thunder Bowl ... Carberry and John 
D’Andrea won the Valentine Doubles meet at Mitchell; Bob Freehauf and 
Gary Hamm were second, while 
Jimmie Rivera and Jamie Herndon finished third ... Judi Brothers rolled a 248 and 
Ray Butler had a 256 at 
/\stro ... Ronnie Day had a 181 tripli­ cate and Harry Fletcher had a 255 at 
Sports Palace ... Sharon DeHart had her first 2oo ( 213), Lois Gray had a 143 triplicate, and Steve Rammer had a 
258 at Hermann Sons. 
Last w eek’s results 

LA N E NOTES 
A L L S T A R : 
D a vid Z*m m erh o rw e l *o4, B ill 
Keyser Jr. *o1. Th#)m a M artin SAS. Dom# Hoskins 
5/2. D a rla M organ 5/1. Joan S a rro MS. M a ry 
H e rre ra SA?. D o n * Lay SS/, Pouia W illia m * SA? A 
No Too Sweep#/ I* Delng hetd every Sunday al IO a rn ; entry fee I* SIO ond fir*! place I* w orth MO piu* a ii de pot tor high gam e tor each gam e; bow ler* roll tour games 
B O W L E R A M A : 
Jo h n n y M c N e a l TSS A A I. 
B everly Keyster ?JOSSS. Little D ipper SAA 
Two women bow ler* orc needed tor o ladle* leooue at 
A JO a rn 
Thu r*dav*. and one wom an bowler for 
Monday A JO p m league Call 3AA S ill for further information. 
A S TR O . 
Ray Butler 256632, Judi B ro th e r* 
248 635. M ary Lofton SOI. M arilyn Schaeffer 559. 
Judy F owe eft S/A, Eleanor Forem an 549, E m m a 
Gonzolt i SA/, B e liv e Schreefer SJI. Lee E cho!* 
S2S. Evelyn M iller SIA 

G O LIA D : 
Bill Keyser 64o. H arold Rtnn AOS, Dan 
Godfrey MA, Jean Wenck 5V?. Sandra H ull 5/S. 
D ai*y Satterfield S/S. Lynda W ilke* S/o, G ertrude 
Vorpahl SA/, Thelm a Jennings SS*. Rhoda M ar- moieto 554 ( l f women over SJO eerie*; 
H E R M A N N SONS 
Don F atku * 249 AOA, L a rry 
Sutton AOI. Steve h am m er ?M AOI. Lo tt* Mouth 
SA?, Edna Meed 5o2, M argaret Stetanic S23, C a r­ men Covering SIO, Meed S22, h am m e r 519. L a rry 
Wilkinson 589, Jim Collin* SIA. Rev A lvarad o Ste 
M IT C H E L L : 
John O Andrea 644, Al Eudv *22. 
Joe Phillip* 6o8, M ike Petrick AO/, Tom Beam AOS. 
Jim Browder 6o3, Ann Taylor 55/ 532, lr Se edger 
SSO, W ilm a G ray SJ/, Gayle Goodwyn 535. 
OAK HILLS ; 
H a rry Boult 246/o4. G um p Gam 
Pert 6/S. Ronnie Hutrne A/4. Bill Baker aaa. Robert 
W and 28o 653, M a rie D e n m an 243 * 9 / , B e ttie 
(M ister ASA. Jerry Johnson 245 652. R o / P o rrin i 
628. Shirley Mansfield 268 Al I. (24 men over *oo series, /9 women over SJO sen #*) hen Fridley 
A i t * > 67o, Jack H a m * (A JB C ) 6o8, Kathy h irst 
(AGBO 6oo 

L arry Jones 248 6/8, G ary Gas 
Fred 
(Auntre** 
628, 
Bob 
Crgce 
616. 
George Britton Sr 
259 614. Lau ra Aelvoet 236 642, 
M rft D e ftly 6oo, Shirley Sheet* M I. Rnodo M a r, motelo 5/J, Vivian Smith 5/t (14 men 6oo or better eerie*. 16 women over 53o series I 
A ladies league is row forming (or 9 3o a rn, M onday; a m eeting wit! be held at that time Feb 28. Call 9 2/ 3/o1 or 
922 6961 tor further information 
SAN 
P E D R O : 
Sophie 
Ballard 
(14o overage) 
7 1 o 5 //, Shirley Oldman S69, M a rg a re t C rater 5)3, 
M a ry Arnold SAS, Fay L 
Staub SA?. B a rb a /a 
Covert >36, Flora Schuimgn SJI. G race A ln 532. 
Dave Patty 6o2. Fred Medellin AOI. (N ine women over SJO series). Troy Nicholson (Sr. citizen) SOS. 

SO UTHSIDE set* 
AS9, 

S P O R TS P A L A C E : 
H o rry F le tc h e r 255 /OS 
Robert Lee A59, Pat Dickey AAA. W illiam Q u o n 643 
Lddie Stoocke 628. Jeanne Atkinson 6o2. B a rb ara 
Hansel) M I. Lenoro Moss 5/3. B everly H a llo w e d 
559, Betty C hiver* 556 ll? women over 53o »erie»; nine men over 6oo sen # *). There a re opening* tor teo m * or individuals in the 8: 3o p rn 
Th u rs d ay 
Leogue, coll 349 4548 tor further inform ation. 
T H U N D E R : 
M a ry P a lm er SAO. logy Pind SJI. 
M argie G arcia 531, Adorn B o rriente* 2S5 ASO, Nancy 
Green 5/3. Pat H a lv a rson SZI. Joe Noble 625. G loria 
Mio* 569, Sara V iera 554. Dot Behoof* 542, Gum # 
Alvarado 63o Ronnie DeStetono (A JB C ) 638. Kathy h irs t (A J B C ) 554. Porn M a n s fie ld (A J B C ) 533. 
Jeomne Schoak (AJB C) 593 Angel V o sauei rolled a 
I AO triplicate 
W ONOER 
M aria Voider 265 /28. Rich Roberts 
24/712. Carlos Ca*tonedo 249 / l l , L o rry Kossner 
69/. Sion Schoenfeid 684, Judy B u rkhardt 645. M v rt 
D e ftly 6o4. Ina M eim ann AOI, E lfi T o m c iv k 598. 
Doris Elkins 59/ (39 men over 6oo series, 2o women over 55o series) 
Don Johnson, who w a* in town practicing for the Bowling Spectacular, credited eight hour* of proctice and ball drilling at Wonder 
Bowl for hi* recent victory in the M idas Open in New 
Or lean*. 
TESSM AN V IS ITS 
Roger Tessmon, chief of the ABC * R u le* D e p art­ ment. will be visited with the local m en ’* association at 9 a rn fb i* Sunday at S p ort* P a la c e , and the proprietor* and other concerned personnel at 9 3o a rn Monday at Wonder Bowl. 
ATA 
Freddie M artin et, a sales representative at Mis stoa Chevrolet, will odd $25o to the P ru e fund in the 
Alomo Tournoment Association meet Saturday and 
Sunday at All Stor Q u alifyin g squ ad* a re IO 3o a rn , 12 3o p m . 2 3o and 4 JO Saturday, and the final* start at noon Sunday 
LA N E M O O I PIC AT ION 
A modification of policy regarding tone dressing procedure w a* announced bv ABC wmch vgjit oupw a propnoetor to restore dressing In the ball track and to odiust any au to m atic lane dressing applicator in order to provide an even distribution each time the device is used Hgwever, taking Into consideration the m odification, whenever dressing is applied, either to restore dressing In the bali frock or a complete application, the end result must be an even distribution across the lane. 
TWBA Notes 
The 4oth a n n u al T e io s W om en s B o w lin g A s ­ sociation begins M arch 25 in A m arillo with S/5,ooo at stake. One thousand, sn hundred and eighty eight learns a re entered in the eighth largest tournam ent in TWBA history State secretory Lh Poole reported that 3.931 sets of doubles. I M I single* and 2,535 all events have peen processed. 

LOOK WHAT'S COMING BOWN 
BY BESUGO! 

REG. $62.95 
99 

REMINGTON 51 OC RIFLE 
Lightweight, semi-automatic 
.22 with nylon stock. 

REMINGTON .22 LONG RIFLE AMMO, 
CTN. OF 5oo 
6 . 9 9 

★ 
45°/o 

REG. $725.oo 
$399 
BRUNSWICK “ SPECIAL EDITION” POOL TABLE 
^4” Oversize pinned and dowelled slate bed. 
Accessory kit extra. 

 sp^ * 
„ 
. 

 i f ) IO 
REG. $31.95 
22" 
- 
WILSON JACK KRAMER 
* 
AUTOGRAPH TENNIS RACKET 
Strata-Bow construction blends power and balance. 
Made of the finest American 
White Ash for extra strength and durability. Frame only. 

CARNABY #RB125 TENNIS TOTE, lf Perfect $17.95 
O O 
O 
Slight Blemish................................ 

CARNABY #RB195 TENNIS 
“WEEKENDER”, lf Perfect $3o.oo 
A 
Q 
Q 
Slight Blemish................................ 
■ 
CARNABY *RCC4 TENNIS RACKET 
COVER, lf Perfect $9.oo 
A A A 
Slight Blemish................................ 

REG. $14.99 

1 o " 
PRO GOLF BALLS 
Famous name balls: 
Titleist, Wilson LD, 
Golden Pro, Blux Max, 
Spalding Top Flite. 

REG. $1.79 

PENN PRACTICE 
TENNIS 
U 
BALLS 
Limit of three cans. 

PRO BOWLING BAG SPECIALS 
REG. $3o.oo 
18" 

#G3o5 with divided compartment for shoes. 
18.99 
#G3o9 double ball bag, Reg. $3o.oo ___ 
MAG I with double compartment for shoes and ball. 
A A 
Reg. $4o.oo...................... dbdfaawT 

# DC52 with divided compartment for shoes and ball. 
A A 
Reg. $12.5o.......................... 

#G3oo with divided compartment tor shoes and ball and inner pockets tor acces- 
4 * * g \g \ sories, Reg. $3o.oo ......... I 
9 

 too/® * 

REG. $18 TO $22 i i " 

HAGGAR 
SPECIAL PURCHASE 
SUCKS 
Double knit, polyester 

REG. $29.99 

REG. $11.95 

IGLOO COOLER AND 
JUG COMBINATION 
48-Quart cooler and one-gallon jug. 
DACRON 88 CAMPER 3 LB. 
SLEEPING BAG, 
____ _ 
Reg. $ 1 9 .9 5 ...........1 5 . 9 9 
MT. TEK GLACIER DAY 
HIKER PACK, 
_ ^ 
Reg. $ 1 3 .9 5 .......... 
9 . 9 9 

ZEBCo 33 
SPINCAST REEL 
Stainless steel, 
2-knob power handle. 

ZEBCo //1 
SPINCAST REEL, 
^ 
Reg. $25.95 ........ 1 9 . 9 9 

REG. $29.95 
19" 
MT. TEK “ PILLOW” BOOT 
Supple glove leather lining and upper. 

Ciliium & BOMI! 

5 CONVENIENT PAYMENT PU N S: 
CAB CHARGE. MASTER CHARGE BANAAMERICARD, 
AMERICAN EXPRESS or UYAWAV 

NORTH STAR MALL 
344-9343 
MON r n 1o-9 
SATURDAY 1o-4 

WINDSOR PARK MALL 
653-1911 
MON. SAI. 1o-9 

H 
San Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— Sunday fabruaryWO 1977 

Bob’s odyssey ends with Love in Seattle 

P a r t i n g S h o t s 

B y Jeff Cirossm an 

By KEVIN O KEEFFE 

O f THI EXPRESS N EW S STATT 

Bob Love has boon to more homes this year than the Avon lady 
The amiable, H-8 forward from Delhi, La., is presently calling 
Seattle home and is feeling quite comfortable with the Supersonics. 
“ It has been a hectic year,” Love said in somewhat of an understatement. 
This latest residence is in marked contrast to his two other homes this reason — Chicago and New York. 
Bob, also known as Butterbean, began his lith pro season with the Chicago Bulls. It was not an auspicious beginning for the 
33-year-old Southern University product. 
“ We started out losing there,” he said, relaxing after a Sonics’ practice last week. “ I was averaging about 15 points per game, but they thought I should be averaging 22. 
“ You know, I really was surprised when I got traded because two years ago because I did everything possible to get traded. I wanted to leave so badly, but they would not oblige.” 
Love, three times a member of the 
All-Star team and All-Defensive unit, said the Bulls were an entirely differ­ ent outfit this year, his eighth in Chi­ cago. 

“ Everybody else was shooting the ball.” he explained “ So I was playing defense. I was not scoring as much. Most people think of my scoring (he was the Bulls’ 
* leading scorer for seven sea­ sons), but I love to play de­ fense. I always have, ever since com­ ing into the league.” 
Love, who claimed there was never any truth to rumors of trouble between he and former Chicago C oach Dick 
Motta, said “ problems began with the 
Bulls two years ago when they lost in seven games to Golden State in the 
Western Conference finals. 
"We could never win a title there.” 
Love said, recalling the Chicago days. 
“ We were always one player away. 
Then, when we lost to Golden State, 

P r o ---------- 
B a sk e tb a ll 

Insight 

BOB LOVE 

' T h e N e t s g a v e u p 7 

 everybody said I did not play well en­ ough People said I should have scored 
M or 4o points and we would have won. 
But Golden State (the eventual cham­ pion that season) beat us with team basketball. 
“ Then the next year, Chet Walker retired; they traded Nate Thurmond; and Jerry Sloan was hurt. So (Norm) 
Van L ie r and I were the only guys left from that team. I averaged about 21 points per game, even though I had trouble with my leg. 

76 SUNBIRD 

All pow er & air, vinyl top. m a g wheels. V -6. autom atic 

WAS SSS/) 
NOW M M S 
Im* JOO OO m 
A _ _ a 
*4o95 

 p 

• UIS IAN MDM c. 
• C A U 736.1161 

I'riilay N la te 
!%!!.% b o x e s 

A T L A N T A (111) 
D re w IO 6 8 
?6. R o b in so n 8 3 S 19, M er- nwoother 6 I I 13. Charles 54 S 14, 
Hill 5 1-4 ll, Terry 8 2 3 18. Howes 
3 2 3 8. Brow n o 2 2 2 Totals 45 
21 31 111 
L O S A N G E L E S (IO U : Ford I 
1-2 3. Russell 5 2 2 12. Abdul Ja b ­ b er IO 6 8 26. Allen 7 1o 12 24, 
Chaney 2oo 4. Abernethy 5 12 11. 
Neumann 3 13 7, Roberts 3 BO 6. 
K u o e c o 2 2 2. T atu m o O O o, 
Lam ar 3 oo 6 Totols 39 23 31 tot 
Attanto 
32 19 2* 31— 111 
L o s A ngeles 
27 27 2o 27— 1o1 
Fouled out—M erriw eother To tai fouls— Atlanta 29. Los Angeles 
22. Technical— Tatum A —15,349 

“ But at the end of the season, it came again. People said I was not do­ ing anything. It was all on me. I was the scapegoat.” 
Although his departure from Chica­ go was later than he desired, it came, nonetheless. He was sold to the Nets for a second-round draft choice. 
“ Oh,” he sighs, trying to forget his brief experience with the helpless 
Nets, which began Dec. I and ended 
Jan. 19. “ I had wanted it (time with the Nets) to be a new life for me. I had great intentions. And, I got off to a good start I felt really good. 
“ We won a few games and I was averaging about 18 points per game. 
Every time I played. I helped the team.” 
Love said when Nate Archibald, the 
Nets’ star guard, was injured, Coach 
Kevin Lougher.v told him the team was going to go with the guys who had been around and the younger guys they had. 
“ I played a couple of games,” Love t>aid. “ then I would be off for a few games. They just gave up. Loughery said he did not think the team was going to make the playoffs. 
"But I was not happy with things. I 

AHY SIZE 
SET OF 4 
ONE PRICE 

K 
A 
M j f 
F £ T PER SET depending on size 

PREMIUM 
BELTED 
POLYESTER 
FIBERGLASS 
WHITEWALLS 

YOUR 
CHOICE 
OF THESE 
SIZES 

1217 S.W. MILITARY DRIVE 
923-o356 • 924-7238 

56o1 SAN PEDRO 
734-3533 • 734-7726 

572o EVERS RD. AT WURZBACH 
681-153o 

 did not feel I was earning my pay. I am not that way. I wanted to play. I wasn’t helping myself. They (the Nets) said they were trying to make a deal for me. I don’t know if they really tried at all.” 
Instead, the Nets placed Love on waivers, claiming he could now make a deal for himself. Love was incredu­ lous at such a move. 
“ They tried to embarrass me by do­ ing that,” Love said, still visibly hurt by the move. “ It was unfair to me. I have a lot of pride in myself and my game. I had never been embarrassed like that. I really felt badly. . . 
“ Well, I laid off a week and then Bill 
Russell (Seattle's coach and general manager) called and said he was try­ ing to make a deal for me. I was con­ fused. I thought waivers meant I could make my own deal. But the Nets wanted something in return. It was like selective waivers, I guess.” 
Love said the entire Net affair was like a bad dream. 
“ I did not lose faith,” Love said “ It was more embarrassing than anything else.” 
When Russell called, Butterbean came immediately, even though it was not your basic, normal cross-country trip 
“ I got on a plane to Seattle,” Love said, breaking into a smile and think­ ing about that day. “ But Seattle was fogged in and the plane landed in Spo­ kane. 
“ I did not want to slay there. I wanted to get to Seattle as soon as possible. So, I took a bus to Seattle. It was a five and one-half hour trip. I checked into my hotel at 5 a m., but was up at 9 a m. for practice.” 
Now the odessey is over. Love has been playing about seven minutes a game, except for one longer stint (25 minutes) against Golden State, since coming to Seattle. 
“ I am feeling more comfortable here,” he said “ My game is starting to come around. It took me awhile to get tin* feel of the guys on the floor. But 
I have it now. 
“ I am starting to contribute.” 
Just then. Russell walked by and gave Butterbean one of the typical 
Russell stares. 
“ He is one hell of a coach.” Love said. leaving no room for doubt. “ He commands respect. I really respect the guy. that is for sure. I just wish I could have played for the guy earlier in my career. 
“ Maybe the Chicago and New York things were blessings in disguise. It is like a dream in Seattle. A good dream this time.” 

Spurs dropped their guard at wrong time 

Okay, so the Spurs got stiffed on the Mack Calvin deal. But they compounded their mistake by giving him up for a pittance 
— the $1,ooo waiver fee. 

Spurs 
Coach 
Doug 
Moe demonstrated his humanity when he bucked owner Angelo Drossos and re­ fused to trade Calvin to the NBA’s 
Arctic franchise, Buffalo. 
But this is a hard, cold business, especially in Buffalo this time of year, and you have to wonder what the in­ vestors think about giving up on such a big investment for almost nothing. 
Further, the physical status of 
James Silas and George Karl is still uncertain. And Henry Ward has played in hut 12 games this season, so it is unlikely he would be ready to contri­ bute if called on. 
Paying a reserve over $15o,ooo per season is exorbitant, but that is what 
Calvin was bound to become sooner or later with Silas and George Gervin on the premises. And what if one of the healthy guards is injured? 
Hopefully, the Spurs still have Louie 
Nelson’s telephone number ... 
After a slow start under Dick Motta, the Washington Bullets may he the class of the field in the Pastern Con­ ference. Taking road wins and home losses into account, the Bullets are at plus nine. 

The Bullets are 14-18 on the road and 
18-5 at Capital Centre. Not only are the 
Bullets in first place in the Central 
Division right now, but they have played nine more road games than home games. And that all adds up to a very impressive finish by the Bullets. 
Motta attributes aggressive play and the work of Elvin Hayes to the Bullets’ strong showing. Says one Washington observer, “ When someone hits Phil 
Chenier now, they know they’re going to have to pay for it.” 

Look for the Spurs and Rockets to battle for second in the Central, with 
San Antonio getting the nod. Cleveland just depends toq, niuch op jthe pqtsude slitft, and that is not enough to sustain a team for a whole season in this league. 

Drossos, president of the Spurs, says the NBA will have between 4o and 8o teams IO years from now. Incredible. 
There is neither the money, interest nor talent to stock and sustain so irragy teams unless, of course, players alert receiving human wages. 
■ 
Further, what about competition from other sports and other lek>urt time ac tivities? Several hockey tgpmS are wallowing in red ink, and some of the Spurs’ NBA brethren aren’t exaetls good credit risks. 
* 
J 
The Spurs are fortunate in thai San 
Antonio has hut one major league team, not much in the way of big time college sports, and not a lot in the way of big time entertainment. Most other 
NBA teams have far fiercer competi­ tion for the entertainment dollar. 
Like most other professional leagues, the NBA has fairly stretched itself into a state of extreme tautness. 
While it could accept a few more fran­ chises, the NBA is very close to its optimum membership. 
In a league of 8o, the Virginia 
Squires would be a powerhouse. . . and how often would you, the viewer, pay to see them? 
Short shots 
For once, the trainer made more than the players. Houston’s Dick Van- dervoort, trainer for the East in last 
Sunday’s All-Star game, agreed before hand lo split the $1,85o evenly with 
West trainer Tony Spino of Milwaukee. 
The winning West players earned 
$1,ooo, while the East players received 
$85o. 
In a game at Philadelphia recently. an Indianapolis reporter was griping about the officiating, so referee Earl 
Strom came by the press table and offered the reporter his whistle. The reporter grabbed for it, hut Earl pulled hack. “ How’d you like to trade jobs?” asked Strom. Replied the reporter. 
“ Sure, if we can trade salaries.” 
Asked what the basis of the Celtics' great team defense is, guard Jo Jo 
White replied, “ There are too many great stars in this league to try and play one-on-one every night. -So when your man gets by you when you play for the Celtics, all you do is yell 
•HHHEEELLLLPPP.’” 

Levin: NBA is no longer a house divided 

By ALEX SACHARE 

ASSOCIATED m is s 
NEW YORK — “ We now have our house in order,” says Irv 
Levin, owner of the Boston Cel­ tics and the new chairman of the 
National Basketball Associa­ tion’s Board of Governors. 
“ We are moving forward on a united front. We look forward to nothing but good things in the future.” 
Is everything really sweetness and light around the NBA? 
Well, just about. There are some problems, but they are relatively min­ or considering the way things go'in pro shirts these days. 
One year after the landmark agree­ ment between the league and its 
Players Association, things have gone relatively smoothly on the labor front. 
Contrast 
That’s quite a contrast to pro foot­ ball. where a labor agreement — after three years of bitter negotiations — was reached last Thursday and the college cli aft is in limbo; or baseball, which has yet to feel the full effects of the free agent grab-bag. 
The Atlanta Hawks, the franchise with the most pressing financial prob­ lems. have found a new and enthusiatie owner in colorful Ted Turner. 
The merger with the American 
Basketball Association has added a large measure of excitement to this season. 
"The four new teams have added talent and competition to the league," said Commissioner Larry O’Brien, who was rewarded with a new seven- year. $2 million contract at the Board of Governors meeting during the All* 
Star break 
"Something is happening across the country,” O’Brien said. “ We are showing improvement across the board," 
Attendance up 
Attendance around the league is up. 
Julius Erving has attracted big crowds and many sellouts, while the Denver 
Nuggets top the NBA in home atten­ dance and are a big draw' on the road, too. 
The caliber of play is stronger than ever, since the demise of the ABA put a lot of players out of work. 
Those players then battled both the holdover NBA players and the college crop for spots on the rosters of the 22 
NBA teams. It was survival of the fit­ test, and the talent level rose accord­ ingly. 
Television ratings, on a downward slide the past three years, are up by 35 per cent over last year. 

The NBA on CBS has beaten college basketball on NBC each week, with 
CBS claiming a victory margin of 19 
IHT cent going into last Sunday’s All- 
Star Game. 
“ This is the first time we’ve tele­ vised so many games on a regional basis, and the response has been amazing,” said O’Brien. “ We are very excited that our ratings are up by 35 per cent.” 
And the All-Star Game was a bril­ liant showcase, an intensely played contest marked by spectacular slam-dunks and sparkling defensive plays which had to win new fans for the league. 
The NBA does have some problems, of course. Perhaps the biggest is a conflict over schedule policy. This came up during last weekend s Board meeting, but no agreement could be reached and the matter was tabled. 
That means the current balanced schedule, where each team plays each other the same number of times re­ gardless of division, will be in effect next year. 
Schedule 
Leading the move to revamp the schedule, according to sources, were the teams in the Atlantic Division. 
“ We’ve got to change the schedule to reemphasize traditional rivalries,” said New York Knicks General 
Manager Eddie Donovan. “ Games against teams in your own division really mean something.” 
The counter-argument is that with a weighted schedule, teams would only make one visit to some cities in the other conference. 
Thus, some fans would only get one chance to see top attractions like Ju ­ lius Erving or Pete Maravich or Har­ eem Abdui-Jabbar in person. 
Among other matters which league officials must deal with are the propo­ sal to add a third referee; the selection process for the All-Star Game, which has the fans choosing the starters, and outbreaks of violence on the court, either among players or also involving fans. 
But these all pale when compared with baseball’s free agent ruckus, football’s labor problems and hockey's folding franchises. 

Minstrels to sing 

The New Christy Minstrels will perform a post-game concert in the 
Arena to provide a Sunday afternoon of family entertainment. 
There will be no additional charge for the concert as a ticket to the San 
Antonio-New Orleans game will be the price of admission. 

NBA 
TIPOFF 

NO. 15 
ONE PLUS ONE FOUL 
Each team is limited to four team fouls per quarter 
Team fouls charged to a team in excess of four are penalized by an additional tree throw It is virtually a two-shot foul on every penalty atter the fourth foul 
During the first four team fouls committed by a team in each quarter, no shots will be taken The opposi­ tion however, is able to put the bail in play at the side­ line neatest where the foul occurred 

Jazz sign rookie guard 

NEW ORLEANS (AF) 
— The New Orleans Jazz has signed rookie guard 
Mo Howard to replace the injured Freddie Boyd. 
Howard. 6-foot-3, was a second round draft choice by the Cleveland 
Cavaliers in 1976 out of 
Maryland However, he played only nine games before he was cut, be­ coming a free agent. 
Boyd is on the injured reserve list because of cartilage damage to his knee. 

Similarly, during tho first throe touts committed in each overtime period, the ball is put in play in the same manner as in the first four quarters For each foul in excess of three during each overtime period, an additional tree throw is awarded 

Clip o*o Sa* 

ANCIRA WINTON 
CHfVROUT 

» ptMMd ta •noovfKt Hi# addition of 
Lloyd o Onqoo to ow trio* font Mr 
Dreooo n angwMAy from foor«. II lm o« and Como lo Son Antonio rn 
1947 ti on Offutt ton Ador* 
No oftondod tho 
UMnowty of 
Maryland ond « o mo moot of Androl todjo 424 ond tho Aliofar Shnno 

Lloyd color od tho of IOT. ohtMwflh it hot boon o pnnapio kathy orth bim unco bn loon y o w 

Ho mullet be fnondi ond 
M il bu u n til auocwltt lo coll or visit mm at Anura Minion Chovrolot 
LLOYD D. DRAGOO 

ANCIRA WINTON CHEVROLET 
N. FIORES AT MARTIN 
225-5333 

 you soy yo u ’re interested in a: 
HIGH ground clearance 
3-point hitch 
FARM AN D GARDEN TRACTOR with the follow ing fools: 

4 4 " belly m ow er m iddlebusters turning plow cultivators rear blade disc barrow tool bor dum p traitor front bum per 

 and you w ant it bargain priced ?? 

DON’T MONKEY AROUND. 
GO SPEEDEXI 

 american m ade 
16 hp. 

$2 
4 
o o 
. oo with tools 

7 WAYS TO BUY: 
1 
MASTER CHARGE f BANK 
AMERICARD • AMERICAN 
EXP RESS • DINERS CARD 
SHOPPERS CHARGE • E-Z 
CREDIT * CASH 

23 LOCATIONS: 
ARLINGTON • AUSTIN 
CORPUS CHRISTI • DALLAS 
FORT WORTH • HOUSTON 
LAREDO* PASADENA 
SAN ANTONIO • WACO 

••vs 

San Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— Sunday February 2o 1977 
H 

Having kicks 
Stap loses to Hallquist 

The Austin and San 
Antonio 
All-Stars collided in a soccer match Satur­ day with the game ending in a 2-2 tie. 
Nino Alvarez Calder­ on and Jesus Capin- oza scored for Austin while Ken Cooper scored both San .An­ tonio goals. — PHO­ 
TO 
BY 
PAT 
HAMILTON 

S A L IS B U R Y . 
Md. 
(A P ) — Second-seeded 
Barbara Hallquist ad­ vanced to the final of the 
I' S. Tennis Association 
National Amateur Indoor 
Championships by de­ feating Sandy Slap 7-5. 
H O Saturday. 
In another semifinal match. Jai DiLouie, Dal­ las. defeated Southern 
Methodist 
University teammate Chris Delaney, 
Potomac, Md., 6-2, 6-4 
Miss Hallquist, named 
All American after win­ ning the National Colle­ giate Women’s Cham­ pionship, had a tough 

 first set with Miss Stap. were five service breaks an All American There in the first set. 

' l l BONNEVILLE 
M M M X T IN D fO WARRANTY 

2 t>o<w Coup*. All pow*r & air. 
4oo V 8 
A M I M s t a r oo. povvor windows h cloot J locks 

STOa NO 445 
WAS Vim 
NOW,*6495, 

 p 
• MIS IAH MDM c. 
• C A U T i k i S t I 

"Rich pact fo r Morgan 

CINCINNATI (A P) — All-Star second base­ man Joe Morgan, only the second National 
League player to win consecutive Most Valuable 
Player awards, came to terms Saturday for what he called the largest contract in Cincinnati 
Reds’ history. 
He said the contract was for more than a $1 million and made him the highest-paid player in the Reds’ 1o8-year existence. 
The Reds simultaneously announced that star outfielders Ken Griffey and George Foster also agreed to multi-year contracts. 
All three signed for three years, according to 
Dick Wagner, Reds’ general manager. No other figures were disclosed. 
Wagner said it was the first time the club agreed to three-year pacts. Six Reds remained unsigned. They were 1o-time All Star Pete Rose, relief ace Rawly Eastwick, starting pitcher 
Gary Nolan, shortstop Dave Concepcion, utili­ ty-man Mike Lum and minor league pitcher Pat 
Darcy. 
The signings came after three days of nego­ tiations between the Reds and player agent Tom 
Reich of Pittsburgh, who represented the trio. 
Morgan, 33, said he was relieved to get the contract stalemate over and predicted the Reds would win their sixth National League West title in seven years. 
" I never really gave any thought to playing out my option,” said Morgan, whose rise as a hitter coupled with his speed and defense were key factors in the Reds’ successive world titles. 
‘‘I said five years ago that I hoped to finish my career in Cincinnati. And I feel the same way now. Ifs my kind of town and my kind of team.” ’ 

Trojans bag cage crown 

MBA/CPA 
Desires interesting position where his odministrative and technical skills gained through experience as a tax partner with a Big 8 CPA firm can be utilized in San Antonio area. 
Salary ARPA $35,ooo. 
R ep ly Box 4 4 8 9 c / o ix p re s s - N e w s 7 8 2 9 7 

Continued from Page IS 

St. Paul, 5o-42, in Class AA. 
Bishop Lynch winds up 34-1, losing only to defending U IL Class AAAA champ Duncanville, while Ennis St 
John’s captured its third title in a row . 
Central Catholic avenged four earlier losses to down St. Gerard’s, 67-63. on last-minute baskets by David Korn and 
Joe Petri, for AAA boys’ consolation honors, while in AAA girls’ play, Pro vidence also won the consolation trophy. Blessed Sacrament lost its AA girls’ consolation game, however. 
Healy-Murphy used a 19-1o third- quarter bulge to take command over 
O’Connell and stretched the lead to a dozen points, 56-44, on Michael Cath­ ey’s fastbreak b ucket with 5:47 left, in the game. However, the Trojans start­ ed celebrating too soon. 

O’Connell rallied down the stretch despite the fact its three leading scorers fouled out periodically in the last four minutes. 
Healy-Murphy appeared safe, though, when Isaac Cain batted away an O’Connell pass and fed tin* ball to 
James Cook off the fastbreak for a 
62-58 Trojan lead with ll seconds to go. 
However, Randy Knust hit a bucket for O’Connell with four seconds show­ ing to produce the final 62-6o count. 
All the Trojans had to do was not even throw the ball in but they tried to anyway. Joe Curl intercepted inside the foul line and put the ball in — just after the final buzzer sounded to pre­ vent an overtime. 
With the aid of five steals near mid-court thev converted into b askets. 

 the Buccaneers broke to a four-point halftime lead, but Healy-Murphy did a better job of bringing the ball up in the second half. 
Healy-Murphy wound up 24-3, St. 
Gerard’s 21-13, Central Catholic 19-15, 
Providence 23-8 and HSA 15-15. 

AA Boys championship 
H E A L Y - M U R P H Y (421 — 
G eorg e Irv in 18, 
Issoc Coin 16, Jam es Cook ll, Thomas 6, Cathey 5, 
E/ell 4, Coleman 2. 
G A L V E S T O N O 'C O N N E L L (4o) — 
M ike Chris 
Hansen 17, B ru ce N ovelll 14. Steve Sch aaf 13, 
Angel Com ales IO, Kurl 4, Knust 2, H arr, Coma cho 
Halftime: 
O'Connell 32, Healy M urph y 28 

AA A GIRLS CHAMPIONSHIP 
D A LLA S BISHOP LY N C H (S3) — Lisa Ross 21, 
L a u ra D aly 18, Donna R ain e v 12, A dam S 2, 
M cLean, 
Kottwitz, 
Robinson, 
Alm eida, 
Un derbrlnk, Totzke, Collins, Lewis. Boule, Thompson, 
Williams. 
CORPUS CHRISTI IN C A R N A TE WORD (32) — 
Linda Rubio 13, Smith 8, M orin 6, Gonzales 5, 
Besedo, Montgomery. Busker. Hendricks 
Halftime: 
Lynch 26, Incarnate W ord 16 

AAA BO Y S C H A M P IO N S H IP 
H O U ST O N S T R A K E J E S U I T (42) — 
C h ris 
W ebre 14, M rShone 8, Van Slyke 7, Hicks 7, Poche 
6. Devine, Evans. 
PO R T W O RTH N O LA N (37) - 
Chuck lin co ln 
22. G ilm ore 6, F rid a y S, D o vis 2, M cC loud 2. 
Pennvcuff, M ulrv 
Halftime: Jesuit 21, Nolan 17. 

A L L T O U R N A M EN T T E A M S 
Class AAA Boys 
Billy M cShane, Chris Webre, and P a t Hicks, all 
Houston Stroke Jesuit; M ark Bird, St G e rard s 
Chuck Lincoln, Port Worth Nolan 

 d o s s AA A G irls 
L a u ra D a ly and M a rg a re t Kottw itz, D a llas 
Bishop L yn ch . K aren Sm ith and Lin d a Rubio. 
Corpus Christi In carn ate W o rd ; Ju lie D risk ill, 
Providence; Colette Snow, Houston St. Agnes 

CLASS AA Boys 
George Irv in and Isaac Cain, H ealy M u rp h y; 
Steve M e y e r, Lubbock C hrist the K in g , M ike 
Siegel, Shiner St. Pau l; Steve School, Galveston 
O'Conneil. 

Class AA G irls 
Terina He|nv, Rosem ary Toth and Katie K ra ic a, all Ennis St. John, C arrie Mosser, Lubbock Christ the King; Charlotte Kaiser and Carol Beal, Shiner 
St. Paul 

 l O S H M A N ’S Sporting Goods 
SHOP M ONDAY AND THURSDAY ’TIL 9 P.M. 
WashiDfltSn's Birthday 

O SHM AN ’S 
GOLF SHIRTS 

Reg. 12.oo 
8.99 

WOOL 
SHIRTS 

Reg. 16.95 
12.99 

LADIES’ 
TENNIS DRESSES 

Reg. 24.oo To 34.oo 
11.99 to 16.99 

LADIES’ARROW 
CASU ALTOPS 

Reg. 12.oo-14.oo 
6.99 

CAMPER 
SLEEPING BAGS 

Reg. 18.95 
13.99 

BACKPACKER 
DACH 
SLEEPING BAGS 

Reg. 34.95 
22.99 

CAMEL 
9'x12' CANVAS 
CABIN TENT 

Reg. 99.99 
89.99 

Q-BEAM 
SPOTLIGHT 

14.99 

GARCIA 
AMBASSADEUR 
#5oooC REEL 

Reg. 44.99 
39.99 

OUICK SH K 
GRAPHITE 
CASTING ROD 

Reg. 55,oo 
44.99 
I O S S H Iv f A M 
' S Sporting Goods 
I 
7X7 NORTH W E S T LOOP 4 1 o 
P h o n e 3 4 * - 4 Z 8 i 
I 
Betw een San P edro U B lan co Road 
[ A cross Vrom C e n tral P a rk M all} 

 m . O P E BJ A N O B H M 
A N ’ B C H A R O S O R 
U S E Y O U R t i A M K A M E R I O A R O O R M 
A S T E R C H A R O S ^ 

Trinity loses 2 

By HARRY PAGE 

Of TMI t x m s s STAff 
Southwestern got the better end of the pitching and took advantage of a couple errors to beat 
Trinity 2*o and 5-3. in a doubleheader at Stevens fie ld Saturday after­ noon. 
The wins were numbers three and four for the unbeaten Pirates while hard luck Trinity suffered its fifth straight setback 
Rick Tobolka baffled the Tigers with a two- hitter in the first game. 
Steve Klopp provided the muscle with a wind­ blown RBI single in the third inning and a run- producing triple in the fifth off of loser Pat 
Walsh. 
In the nightcap. South­ western made three un­ earned runs count in spoiling freshman Bob 
Ahrens' debut. Ahrens yielded only four hits, walked four and fanned two in six innings of work 

Score 

“ I didn't win,” said 
Ahrens when asked about his debut. “ Southwest- tern’s hitters aren’t that good. We had a new um­ pire and he wasn’t calling or giving me the corners. So I had to throw some fat pitches to get some strikes and they got hits off of them ” 

“ We need a lot of work,” said Walsh, who lost a seven hit ter. "W e need to have some more drills on the field, we need to pitch a little more on the side in practice, work on fundamentals more, and, most of all. we need confidence.” 

Prank Oakes slammed an HBI single in the third inning and a run-produc­ ing double in the seventh. 
Sergio Trevino plated 
Trinity’s other run with a double in the sixth 

An infield single by 
Karl The is in the third inning and another in­ field hit by Bill von Belt- ren in the seventh spoiled 
Tobolka’s no-hit bid. 

FIRST G A M S 
Southwestern OOI o1o o — 2 
I 
I 
Trinity 
OOO OW) o - o 
2 
o 
Toooiko and M aynard. iffaikh and von Benren iff — Tobolka 
OO) L - WoUh (GI) 

Southwestern OOI 2o2 o — S 
S 
o 
Trinity 
OOI OOI I — J 
4 
B 
Lew ik and Leonard ; A h ren t, 
Or eerier (/) and Phillips iff 
I Lewiy (I O). L — Ahrenx (GI) 

NORTHEAST 
WEST 
BROADW AY 

Stay Hom ann— 
W illiam s Tire 
171o Aw«tin Hwy. at Eisonkatwr 
PH. 824-2413 

Gonzales 
Tire A M uffler 
2623 Celebre Road 
PH.432-8511 

Harold Heifer 
Tire 
8719 broadway 
PH. 828-5747 
4 

SOUTHWEST 
LEON VALLEY 
DOW NTOW N 

International 
A .B .M . 
16o2 S.W. Military Dr. 
PH. 924-7321 

Bradford** Texaco 

6832 Sandora Rd. 

PH. 684-4539 

Heifer 
Tire Com pany 
234 So. Flores 
PH.226-4111 
NORTHWEST 
>4 
SEGUIN 
DOW NTOW N 

' * * 

 x 

Arts Atlas 

335o Fredericksburg Rd. 

PH. 736-4516 

Sapobiol*8 

Court A Travis 

PH. 658-5351 

Heifer** A lam o 
Tire Conter 
6o1 No. Alamo 
PH.225-3291 

SOUTHEAST 
ALAM O HEIGHTS 
NORTH SIDE 

I 

Schneider 
Tire A Auto 
226o So.W.W.White Rd. 
PH. 333-93o1 

Earl W heeler 
Tire Service 
43o2 8roadway 
PH.826-1572 

M exzetti 
Tire Com pany 
6329 Son Pedro 
PH. 342-9521 
J jff 

H 
San Antonio EXPRESS-NEW5— Sunday February 2o 1977 
T IX coach sounds off 

Continued from Page IS country and sta te ,” he said. “ T h at’s how we’ve done so well when w e’ve gone to K ansas City (AIA Tourney) in the past. We w eren’t that m uch b etter than the rest of the team s offensively, but we stayed all week because of great defense.” 
C Shuler said “ weak officials” ! in the league allowed them selves to become intim idated by the R attler style of play. 
“ They arc tak in g ad v an tag e of the officials and they know- it,” he said. “ St. M ary’s was setting mov- 
43 for Otis 

HOUSTON, Tex. (AP) - Houston’s 
Otis Birdsong scored a career-tying high of 4-I points w hile se ttin g a 
Southwest Conference single season scoring record Saturday night and led tho Cougars to a 116-83 SWC basketball victory over the Texas Aggies. 

T E X A S A A M (83): Goff o o o o. Carter l i t ? 23.’ 
Jones 4 44 12. Foreman 9 It ll 29, Schllcher o 12 I, 
Svu-stenc 2 12 5, Pederson 3 o 1 6 . Robinson o 2 3 2, 
Barrett 2 12 5. Totals 31 21 27. 
HOUSTON (116): Rose 6 4 IO 16, Birdsong 16 ll 15 
43. Trammel I O O 2, Schultz o o-o o, Thomoson 8 6 8 
22. Williams 3 4 4 IO, Ciolll o 2 3 2. Gibson o O O o, 
Winder I 1-2 3. Perry I OO 2. W alker o 2 2 2, Fears 6 
o 2 12, Wooer I o o 7. Kelley o O I o. Totals 43 3 o 4 7. 
H alftim e— H ouston 58, T exas A A M 38. Totals fo uls — T e x a s A A M 33, H o u sto n 19. F o u le d out—Corter, Jones, Forem an. T echn icals— A A M assistant cooch Bob Gobin, H ouston coach G uy 
Lewis. Fears. A — 8,6/4. 

 ing pics all night long and it never was called.” 
When asked if it would be better to use outride officials should the team s m eet la te r in the playoffs, 
Shuler said, “ It wouldn’t m a tte r.” 
“ I thought we played terrible and the in cred ib le thing w as th a t we outfoxed th em ," said Shuler. 
TLO had 25 fouls to 24 for St. 
Mary ’s. The R attlers hit 15 of 22 at the foul line to 17 of 24 for TLO. 
It can be noted th at St. M ary’s shot nine of 12 from the line in the final 2:28 of the gam e and only six of 
IO before. . 
"U ntil we got the technical and they started fouling to catch up at the end there was a big difference in fouls,” said M essbarger. 
“ I know people are becom ing ob­ sessed w ith us w in n in g all th e tim e ,” said th e R a ttle r m en to r. 
‘‘B ut it is g e ttin g to u g h e r and tougher. Everbybody’s shooting for us and it is a struggle.” 
“ I ’m not co n v in ce d th a t St. 
M a ry ’s h a s a b e tte r b a s k e tb a ll team ,” said Shuler. "In fact, I think we have a better basketball team . 
"Everybody is convinced that St. 
M ary’s cannot be b ea te n ,” he a d ­ ded. “ Everybody but 15 guys over here. Our tim e is com ing and it is com ing soon.” 

SAFETY BRAKE SERVICE 
GRAND OPENING 
SPECIALS 
FRONT DISC BRAKE SPECIAL 
BOTH FRONT WHEELS 
INCLUDES: NEW DISC PADS 
RESURFACE ROTORS 
REPACK FRONT BEARINGS 
INSPECT CALIPERS 

HIGH SPEED W M H BALANCING 2 

MOST CARS WITH DRUM TYPE BRAKES 
AU 4 WHEELS 
RESURFACE DRUMS 
INST AU NEW UN1NG 
. 
REPACK FRONT BEARINGS 
INSPECT WHEEL GRINDERS 
ADJUST AU BRAKES 
FREE BRAKE A D J U S T M E N T 
SAFETY BRAKE SERVICE 
YOUR SAFETY IS OUR BUSINESS 
3614 SO. GEVERS (fair b g iv e r s) 

I 533-5193 
DONT GAMBIE 
WITH YOUR SAFETY 

Haysville gets section for Spur tilt 

A special section in the 
Arena will hold 45 rooters from B oysville for th e 
Spurs-New O rleans gam e 
Sunday. 
The Boysville fan sec­ tion is m a d e p o ssib le through the efforts of the 
T rin iteers, the universi­ ty ’s o ld est se rv ic e and social club, E rnesto An- eira. 
Spur’s general m a n a g e r Jo h n B egzos and the Trinity Universi­ ty 
V o lu n tary 
A ction 
(en ter. 
Warriors shocked 

MILWAUKEE (AP) - 
W ichita State, powered by 19 points, 13 rebounds and five blocked shots by 
6-foot-1o Robert Elm ore, handed n in th -ra n k e d 
M arquette its third suc­ cessive defeat 75-64 S a­ turday night to ruin Al 
M cG uire’s f in a l‘ hom e gam e as W arrior basket­ ball coach. 

BPOTHBP BRIAN 
WA5 ALL-AMERICAN 
A t TRlMtTY M l 
FLAYED ON TIGERS 
1972. NATIONAL. 
CHAMPIONSHIP TEAM . 

Spurs face Jazz threat today 

Continued from Page IS take it inside. And we don’t have great outside shooters. When we run it opens it up for everybody on our club." 
Moe has been pleased with the progress of George K arl, and says he thinks the fourth-year guard is ready to play. 
“ It’s difficult enough to work one cripple (Jam es Silas) back into the lineup, never mind two. With ll guys, it’s diffcult to give everyone a significant am ount of playing tim e. 

 us ”*Ut CTeorge has looked good in practice recently, and I think he’s ready to help 

George Gervin m issed practice Saturday, and Moe explained each player gets one practice "g ra tis.” 
This is one of the best practices w e’ve had,” said Moe of S aturday’s workout. 
“ We were aggressive and worked hard. It was short and crisp. 
“ It may be fool’s gold, but I think we’ve got the confidence back we had before the All-Star break.” 
TLC Ivins 
SPECIAL TO THE EXPRESS NEWS 
SEG U IN 
- 
T ex a s 
Lutheran College defeat­ ed St. E dw ard’s U niver­ sity, 87-62, in Big State 
C onferen ce b a s k e tb a ll action Saturday night. 

TLC («7) — Porter 12 16-21 4o. 
Mike Jones 8 1-2 17, Ron Glover 
5 o-o IO, Sture 3 o-o 6. gllvo 2 2-3 
6. Thomas 2 o-1 4, Anderson o 2-3 
2. Tooler o 2-3 2. Goodman o o-o 
o. Pierson o o-o o. Schmitt o o-o o, 
Kohl# o o-o o. Totals: 32 23— 3. 
ST. E D W A R D ’S M I) - 
Douo 
Weaver ll 4-5 26, Tom Kelly 6 2-3 
14, Kindred 3 1-1 J. Kues 2 2-3 6.’ 
Robinson 11-4 3. Zolontz 1o-12, 
Rollins I o-o 2. Jaska 1 o o 2, 
Brodlev o o4) o. W vrlck o o-o o. 
Pugh o o-o o. Barllich o OO o. 
Totals 26 1o-18 

Clemens wins tourney finals 

Cavender Oldsmobile 
COMPANY 
#1 A gain 
31975 
^ 1976 

OLDSMOBILE COMPANY 

8o1 BROADW AY 
P O. BOX 418 
226-7353 

SAN ANTONIO, TEXAS 78292 

January 24, 1977 

Mr. R.J. Cook 

General Manager 

Oldsmobile Division 

General Motors Corporation 

Lansing, Michigan 48921 

Dear Mr. Cook: 

Enclosed are copies of .the San Antonio, Official Bexar County Auto 
Registration report for the total year 1975 and also for the total year 1976. 

Cavender Oldsmobile Compony was number one in domestic passenger cor soles for the entire year 1975 and ogoin for the entire year 1976. 

Yes, Cavender Oldsmobile Compony, sold more new domestic cars than any other dealer in Son Antonio for the entire years of 1975 and 1976. 

W e ore proud of this record and attribute it to the hard work of our quality sales force and also the very fine quality product that we are privileged to sell. 

We look forward to doing it again in 1977. 

A 
J.M 

Very Truly Yours, 

JM/sr 

. C o v e n d e r 
Cavender Oldsmobile Co. 

*r. 
V 
U 

Continued from Page IS 

 final four m inutes. 
T hen th e B u ffe tte s bro k e from a 
56-56 tie on D arcy H axton’s ju m p e r with 4:33 left to outscore the Panther* ettes. 12-4 until the final gun. 
Susan Rouse, who sat out the first four m inutes of the fourth period with four fouls, cam e in to hit six of eight free throws down the stretch for Cle­ m ens, w hich notched eig h t stra ig h t 
C ints after holding only a two-point id at 6o-58. 
Rose Penkunis, who hit 38 points in the se m ifin al win over Ja y . had 26 points against W eslaco. Rouse had 24, including 12 of 14 from the foul line. 
Haxtun had 14. 
W eslaco’s sharp sh o o tin g com bo of 
Shirley B rinson and Sharon F u lle r, 

 who com bined for 61 po in ts ag a in st 
Johnston, had 26 and 22 points respec­ tively, against Clem ens, despite a top notch perform ance from Sandra God­ frey. L eslie B ran h am and R ae Ann 
Dixon, the Clem ens guards. 

A AAA R E G IO N IV 
G IR L S S E M IF IN A L S 
W ESLACO (65): 
Shirley Bronson 31. Sharon 
Fuller 3o. Alvarez 2. M anning 2. de L o Pena, 
Martin, Crossett. Glrvlionz, Guess 
A U ST IN JO H NSTO N (63): 
M y ro H argis 27. 
Katie Fisher 21. Stephanie Wingwood TS. Horton, 
Patterson, Brown. Blaylock, Robinson. Hargrove. 
Halftime: 32, Johnston 29. 

C L E M E N S (77): 
Rote P e n ku n is 38. O o rcv 
Haxton 26. Susan Rouse IO. Shea 3. Rehmonn. 
Valderez. Godfrey. Bronham , Dixon, Sh. Rouse, 
Nelson, Steinke. 
JAY (6o): 
Eleanor anotto 23, Angelo C arrin g­ ton 2o. Lone Wlllegas IS. Vera 2, Aguilar. Rice, 
Douglas. Brock. Pendleton. Skinner, Rives 
Halftime: Clemens 41, Jay 32. 
High school 

Trinity melters tumble 

SPECIAL TO THE EXPRESS NEWS 

TUSCON, 
A riz. 
- 
T rinity freshm en Stacy 
B ow m an an d 
K e rry 
Sterling dropped out in s in g le s an d d o u b le s c o m p e titio n a t th e 
U n iv ersity of A rizona 
T eam T o u rn a m e n t S a ­ turday afternoon. 

B ow m an dow ned 
SMU’s 
Cindy 
Geuzon, 
7-6, 6-o, in the round of 
16, but lost to Jean Na- chand of California (Ir­ vine), 4-6, 6-3, 6-1, in the q u a rte rfin a ls. S terlin g lost to San Diego’s Susan 
W right, 6-2, 6-4, in the round of 16. 

In doubles, Bow m an and 
S te rlin g lo st to 
A rizona S ta te ta n d em 
S usan B oyle and G en ­ evieve Leavitt, 7-6, 6-4, 
6- o . 

 nudum 

STATE OF TEXAS 

FEB RU A RY 28 9:oo AJVL 

City Coliseum 
1ooo Barton Springs Rd. 
Austin, Texas 

Highway Construction Equip­ ment, Automobiles, Pickups. 
Equipment located in the following districts in Texas will be sold by Color Slides: 
Fort Worth, Amarillo, Abi­ lene. Tyler, Lufkin. Houston, 
Yoakum, San Antonio, Beau­ mont, El Paso, Austin, Seguin, 
The 
Slide 
Portion of the 
Auction will begin after the selling of the automobiles. The equipment includes: Pickups, 
Mowers. Tandem & Vibrating 
Rollers, Dump Trucks, 1969- 
1973 AMC. BUICK, C A D IL ­ 
LAC. CHEVROLET. C H R Y S­ 
LER. 
DODGE, 
FORD 
& 
PLYMOUTH 
Automobiles, 
Office Machines & Furniture, 
Cameras, Chain Saws. Out­ board Motor, Lawn Mowers. 

TX GS77-o1 l l 

Writ.,Call lo t D n c n p t iv c S ia ch w i* notsan rnmmujmna. ffifflssssassasw 

Girls 

Class AA Regional 

At Texas A AI 
Semifinals 
D E V IN E (42): 
Chnsla Erwin 35, Abby Erw in 
19. Smith 8. Bean, Caldwell, Compsev. Koskio. 
Cordova 
L A R E D O U N IT E D (34): Irm o Sanchez 2o, Kim 
Wynott IO, Molino 4, Griffin, Moya, Yales. Castel- lo. Young. Herrera 
Halftime. 
Devine 32. Laredo United 18 

Palacios 63, Yoakum 49 
Results in 
TCIL tourney 

AA G IR L S C H A M P IO N SH IP 
E N N IS ST. JOHN (SO): 
Ter ma He)ny 24, Rosemary Toth 22. 
Odiozil 4, Zmolik. Mitchell, A. 
Helny, Kralca, Doiezaiik 
SH IN E R ST. PA U L (41): 
Co rot Beal 17. Charlotte Kiser IS. 
Bo rbaro W agner IO, Jalufka. 
Oar lick. Simper Pates. 
Halftime 
SI. John 23, St. Paul 
I* 
AA O IR L S CO NSO LATIO N 
A L U B B O C K C H R IS T T H E 
K IN O M I): 
Carrie Mosser 42. 
M ary Oaoerman 12. Washburn 4, 
Gwbonnetti I. Bennett I, Swea son I. Bacon. ©'Laughlin, Boone. 
Bouillon, Sandlin. 
B L E S S E D S A C R A M E N T (JOI. 
Eile e n E d m u n d s 12. C in d y 
Romos 12, Got Hz 6, Maldonado. 
Siller. Gonzales. Arctmega. X. 
Gore to. M. Romos, Sanchez. A 
G ordo 
Halftime 
Christ The King JI. 
ESA 24. 

AAA O IR L S CO NSO LATION 
P R O V ID E N C E (JO): 
Terr! 
Nunez 24. Cloine Garcia 13. Julie 
Or iskiii 13, Taylor, Ortiz, Padilla. 
JI) Mjiminez. Contr#r as, Her­ nandez, Olvera, Guerre 
HOUSTON ST. R O N E S (37); 
Colette sSnow 24. Stump 9, Gil- brlde 
4, 
B a k e r, 
Gibbons, 
Hermes. Leeds. Wylie. 
Halftime; 
Providence 29, St. 
Agnes 22. 

AA BO YS CO NSO LATION 
LU BBO CK C H R IST TH E KIN O 
(63): Ramiro Quintana 26, Steve 
Meyer 2o, Ribordy I. Durham s. 
Gloss 4, Kitten 2. Conners I. I, 
Sou. MqlseH. Flynn. 
S H IN E R ST. P A U L (41): 
Mike Siege) 17, Pat Strauss 16. 
Flsseter 6. Morrow 5. Caka 3. 
Jacek I, Biaschke, Novosod, 
Wagner, R. Krosto, T. Kresto. 
Petek. 
Halftime: St. Paul ll. Christ 
The King 27. 

ASA RO YS CO NSO LATIO N 
C E N T R A L C A T H O LIC (47); 
Larry Jordan 16. David Pollock 
12. David Korn 12, Joe Petri IO. 
Joseph 4, Bordelon 4, Trevino 4. 
Zam oro 3, Oswald 2, Salazar, 
Dominguez. Corny 
ST. G E R A R D S (663): 
Mork 
Bird 22. Eddie Hodges 21, Brlon 
Boehm 12, Puente 4. Carroll 2. 
K rue ion J, Kissiing. W illiam s. 
Cia zoner, 
_ Halftime 32 32 ti#. 

D E V IN E (St) — Krioto Irwin 33. Abbey Erw in 
IO. Smith 8, Bean, Caldwell, Kem psey, Yoska, 
Cordova. 
P A L A C IO S (SO) — 
Debbie Polk 24. N ancy 
Anderson 17. Schneider 9, Henson, M cM ullan , 
Uher, Smith. 
Halftime: 
Devine 26. Palacios 25. 
Highlights: 
The whole contest w as a back- and forth bottle. . 

San Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— Sunday February 2o 1977 

By C LIFFO R D B R O Y LES 
OF THE EXMESS NEWS STAFF 

Jeff Frnka is convinced anything can happen this week at the Lone Star 
Conference basketball tournament. 
Even if that means Southwest Texas State winning the classic, which begins Sunday in Brownwood. 
“ We’ve got as good a chance as anybody,’’ said 
Frnka, SWT’s senior co-captain. “ Sam Houston won it two years ago and they came out of nowhere.” 
The Bobcats must also come out of nowhere. The 
Cats will enter the tourney with a record of 8-18 and 

 a conference m ark of 6-8. But here they are. 
SWT will play Abilene Christian at 4 p.m. Sunday in a first round game. East Texas and Sam Houston meet in the other game at 2 p.m. 
This is the same team , which lost its first seven games and won only' one of its first eleven. 
“For a while there I didn’t know if we were ever going to win a gam e," said Frnka, a journalism major. “ We couldn't shoot or do much of anything right.” 
The Bobcats began to play better once conference play began. SWrT has raised its shooting percentage 
Quicker than a therm om eter in Julv, hiking their 

 m ark by four per cent with nearly a 5o per cent shooting norm in league play. 
“ In our conference opener with Howard Payne they beat us by IO, but we played well and that was something we had not been doing," said Frnka. "I don’t guess we’ve played a bad game since then until last Monday against Stephen F. Austin. 
"W e’ve emphaszied shooting more in practice.” he said. “ Working more on shots we take in a game, rather than just the fundamental part." 
The most stunning event of an eventful year came 
Feb. 2 when SWT basketball coach Vernon McDon­ ald resigned, effective the end of the season, because 

 of poor health. 
“ We hated to see him resign,” said Frnka. “The team took a personal committment to try and make things a little better for coach in his last year. It looks bad to go out with the kind of record we have.” 
McDonald has not coached the team since Feb. 7. when he began undergoing tests after complaining of chest pains. 
The tournament continues 
Monday night with the semifinals as Howard Payne meets the SWT-ACU winner at 8 p.m. and Stephen F. 
Austin tackles the ET-Sam Houston victory at 6 p.m. 
Finals will be at 7:3o p.m. Tuesday. a 

Save *71 to *1oo per set of 4 on steel-belted new car radials 

Now through March 5 Goodyear is reducing prices on double steel belted new car radials to 1974 levels. The 
1977 tire is Custom Tread - the comparable 1974 tire was 
‘Custom Steelgard.’ Heres a perfect opportunity for you to start enjoying all the advantages of gas-saving steel belted radial construction...including smooth ride, sure handling, long wear, strength and dependability. TIRE UP 

{ 
?" % 
I 
Whitewall 
Size 

Regular 
1977 Price 
(Custom 
Tread) 

You Pay 
1974 Price 
(Custom 
Steelgard) 

YOU 
SAVE 

Plus F.E.T. 
No trade needed. 

BR78-13 
$64.45 
$4o 
$24.45 
$2.o6 

ER78-14 
$71.75 
$54 
$17.75 
$2.47 

FR78-14 
$77.55 
$58 
$19.55 
$2.65 

FR78-15 
$79.65 
$59 
$2o.65 
$2.59 

Whitewall 
Size 

Regular 
1977 Pries 
(Custom 
Tread) 

You Pay 
1974 Price 
(Custom 
Stealgard) 

YOU 
SAVE 

Plus F.E.T. 
No trada naeded. 

GR78-15 
$33.o5 
$61 
$22.o5 
$2.9o 

HR78-15 
$89.2o 
$64 
$25.2o 
$3.11 

JR78-15 
$92.55 
$69 
$23.55 
$3.27 

SALE 
Nylon cord'Rib Hi 
Miler'for long, low-cost mileage 

Heavy-Duty Tires For 
Vans, 
Campers 
A RV's 

SIZE 6.7o-15 
6PR tube-typo, 
$2 41 F.E.T. 
No trade needed. 

Sale Ends Wed. Night 

SIZE 
FLY 
RATING 
SALE 
PRICE 

RUI* F I T . 
No Trad* 
Noodod 

7.oo-15 
6PR TT 
$34 9o 
$2.85 
7.5o-16 
6PR TT 
$4o 3o 
$3.44 

6.5o-16 
6PR T I 
$29 55 
$2.7o 
8.oo-16.5 
6PR TL 
$37.8o 
$3.26 
8.75-16.5 
6PR TL 
$52.95 
$3.71 

ATTENTION COMMUTERS 

This dependable bias-ply tire with tire you need... so why buy more, all polyester cord may be all the why pay more? 

878-13 ‘All-Weather’ blackwall, plus $1.8o 
F.E.T. and old tire. 

Blackwall 
Size 
OUR 
PRICE 

Plus 
F.E.T. and old lira 

E78-14 
$25.5o 
$2.26 
F7&-14 
$28.25 
$2.42 

G78-14 
$*9.5o 
$? 58 

G78-15 
$3o.75 
$2 65 

Whitewalls lust $3.5o more. 

STEP UP TO 'POLYGLAS' 

Enjoy the difference 2 fiberglass and In wear. Get on ‘P o lyg la s’ cord belts can make in handling today. 
$26 

A78-13 Cushion 
Belt Polyglas' blackwall plus $1.73 
P E T. and old tire. 

Blackwall 
Siza 
OUR 
PRICE 

Plus 
F.E.T and old Mrs 

B78-13 
$27.95 
$1.8o 

E78-14 
$3o.5o 
$2.26 

F78-14 
$33.3o 
$242 
G78-14 
$34.8o 
$2 56 

G78-15 
$35.8o 
$265 

Whitewall* just $3 mort. 

MORE GOOD VALUES O N 
HASSLE FREE AUTO SERVICE 

SERVICE OFFERS RE LOW A VA ILA tK ONLY AT OOODYEAR SERVICE STORES. 

Lube And OII Change 

• C o m p le te c h a s s is lu b ric a tio n & oil change* Helps ensure long wearing parts 
& smooth, q u iet p e rfo rm a n ce • Please phone for appointment • Includes light trucks 
Ask for our Fraa Battery Power Check 
$488 

Up to 5 qts of major brand 
1o/3o grade oil. 

Front-End Alignment 

• Com plete analysis and alignment cor­ rection — to In crea se tire m ile a g e and improve steering • Precision equipment, used by e x p e rie n c e d m echanics, helps ensure a precision alignment 
Sl]88 

Any U S made c a r-p a rts extra if needed Excludes front-wheel drive cart 

Engine Tune-Up 

• Our m echanics electronically fine-tune your engine • New points, plugs & con­ denser • Test charging/starting systems, adju st ca rb u re to r • H elp s m aintain a sm o o th ru n n in g e n g in e • In c lu d e s 
Datsun, Toyota, VW & Tight trucks. 
*3688 

6 cyi - Add $4 for 8 e y l, 
$2 tor air cond 

Just Say “Charge it!” 

• Goodyear Revolving Charge • Our Own Customer 
Credit Plan • Master Charge • BankAmerlcard • American 
Express Money Card • Carte Blanche • Diners Club 

See Your Independent Dealer For Hit Price. Prices As Shown At Goodyear Service Stores. 

GOODYEAR SERVICE STORTS Open Mon., W ed., Thurs., Fri. 8 to 5 3o Tues , 9 to 5:3o Sot. 8 to 5 

DOWNTOWN 
• 16 S. St. M ary's 
222-1373 

NORTHEAST 
1318 Austin Highw ay 
824-o2o8 

^ 
N O R T H STAR 
226 Rector 3 4 4 .9 7 8 6 

(Atrail from N. Star Mall) 

N O RTH 

47o2 San Pedro 
824-2371 

DOW NTOW N 
4o1 N. A lam o 
227-7381 

! 
M U R IN P L A Z A 

11479 F .r r ln - B .lt .l Rd. 
6 S 6 -3 1 11 
NEW BRAUN FELS 
623-2333 

WIST 
1811 W est Com m erce 
225-7677 

SOUTH 

2131 S.W . M ilitary 
923-4563 

SOUTHEAST 
1346 Fair 
534-5468 

EAST 
3 o3o East Com m erce 
225-7266 

NORTHWEST 
149* Hillcrest 
434-31o6 

FREDERICKSBURG 
997-7536 

KERRVILLE 
257-8484 

NO RTHW EST 
3566 frtdibg. Rd. 
735-6141 

BARBER TIRE A API 

D evine, Texas 
663-57o6 

GOODYEAR INDEPENDENT DEALERS 

B A U M A N TIRE 
22o1 Cincinnati 
735-5251 

ATASCOSA TIRE CENTER 
1 1 9 W . O aklaw n H w y. 97 W est 
Texas 569-3484 

SEQUIN 

379-228o 

R A N D O LP H TIRE CENTER, IN C. 
•29 Fat Booker Road 
Universal City, Tx. 658-4771 

ED HENCKEL of San A ntonio displays one of alm ost tw o d ozen corp that hit artificial lure pHOTO By oan KlEWR 

Tim es and tides 

T ID E S 
P ort A ra n sa s 
F o b 2o 
F eta 21 
Co IO 
24 a rn 
Lo l l OO a m. 
Hi 
3 
IO a rn 
H i J OS a rn. 
Co IO 
42 p m . 
Lo 1 l:2 S p m . 
Hi 
4 
2V o rn. 
H i 4; J* p rn 

Fob 2o 
Co IO 5V a rn 
Hi 
6 IS a rn 
Co l l . 29 p m. 
Hi 
6. 49 ap rn. 

Port Isabel 
F eb 21 
Lo l r 32 a rn 
H i 
J IS a rn 
Co 11: SS D rn 
H i 
J: 13 D rn. 

S U N R IS E S U N S E T 
Feb 2o 
F eb 21 
W ise 2:o9 a rn. 
Rise 2:o8 a rn 
Set 6 22 p m 
Set 6 28 p rn. 

M O O N R IS E M O O N S E T 
Fob. 2o 
Feb. 21 
Rise 8 78 a,rn. 
R ise 9 o4 a rn 
Set 2 OS p m. 
S e !9 :S 9 p m . 

M O O N P H A S E S 
New moon 
M a r. 19 
First ao artc r: Feb. 76 
Foil moon M a r . S 
Last quarter: M a r. 12 

Unfortunately, the zone and the Lan­ ai are nff limits to fishermen 
I was there with P ark s and 
W ildlife fish erie s biologist 
Kirby Gholson, who wanted to show m e w hat local fish erm en will have to look forward to this spring and sum m er . . . the hybrid white-striped bass. 
D uring cold w eath er the hy b rid s congregate in the warm waters of the canal and restricted zone. Those fast- grow ing fish now w eigh up to six pounds, and as the waters throughout the lake warm . they’ll move out to be­ com e accessible to fishermen. 
Since the d ep a rtm en t has stocked approximately HK,(MHI of the fish in Ca­ laveras during the last couple of years, and since not many have been caught 
(the limit at present is one per fisher­ m an per day), I w as confident we would be able to catch some hybrids for photographs. 

C arp didn't want: Just: any lu re 

East Texas lakes still popular tourney sites 

SPtCiAl IO IWL tXPDtSS NtWS 

AUSTIN — Although registering de­ clines. three popular Hast Texas bass lakes once again were the main object 

 o f tournament fisherm en's attention iii 
1‘iTH. according to a survey conducted by the Texas Parks and Wildlife De­ partment 
Survey results were based on 9U2 reported tourneys held by 155 bass clubs in HK reservoirs around the state. 
The three most popular lakes, as h a s’ been the case for the last several vi’urs. were Livingston. Toledo Bend and Sam Kayburn. 
The three East Texas impoundments accounted for 1.o2H tournaments. Pa­ lestine and Conroe were the next most popular tourney lakes. Lake Belton was the most popular to u rn am en t fishing lake outside the East Texas area 
“ The number of trophy-sized catches was down in 197B.” said Paul Selden- stick er. P&WD fisheries biologist. 
Trophy-sized bass an* those weighing six pounds or m ore. Biggest b aw landed during 197H tournament com- jwtition were H H pound lunkers taken from Lakes Conroe and Falcon, with 

 landings of seven-pound fish or bettor reported from 2H lakes around the state. 
The study objective is to determine harvest, fisherman success and take of trophy bass ior tournaments in public waters of tilt* state. The survey also will aid fisheries biologists in deter­ mining further declines or increases iii the bass population of a given lake, 
Seidensticker pointed out. 
Although Toledo Bend'. Rayburn and 
Livingston again led in total harvest and num ber of tournaments, Inith fi­ gures for 197H were down from 1975 
Only Hire'** lakes. McQueeney. Houston 
County and Palestine, had an estim at­ ed tournament harvest of more than one pound per acre. Other lakes with good harvest figures included Lakes 
Belton. Whitney. Fairfield, Casa Blan­ ca. Leon and Tyler.Lake O’ the Pines, 
Amistad. Tawakoni, Whitney and Fal­ con rounded out the top Ut most popu­ lar tournament lakes in I97B 
Lake 
McQueeney registered the largest in­ crease in harvest, from .15 pounds per acre in 1975 to I 44 pounds per acre in 
197H. 
The high h a rv e st lakes for 1975, 

Ed Henckel et hail Antonio and Tony 
Zerr of Hondo accompanied us into the restricted zone. We eased the boat into the mouth of flu* discharge canal and ch u n k ed lu re s into the m a ss of wheeling birds. 
A strike cam e almost immediately, but it wasn’t from a hybrid. When the fish rolled to the surface, it was golden brown instead of silver white. It was a carp, and it hit a Pico Chico, a small version of the Pico Perch. 
That carp was only one of many to hit our lures. We caught about 2o of the fish on white or silver Chicos, Spots and small jigs. In addition, the lures 

Houston C ounty and C asa B lan ca. showed .sizable decreases in ‘7H; how­ ever. both m aintained excellent h a r­ vest figures. 

A ccording to the survey, av erag e w eight of black b ass taken d u rin g tournaments ranged from .H9 pounds at Lake Martin Creek to 3.79 pounds'at 
N asw o rth y in W est T ex a s. M a rtin 
< reek had only one reported tourna­ ment. while Nasworthy had three. 

Livingston, Toledo Bend and Pales­ tine produced tin* most bass over six pounds, but there remained a general decrease in the uumljcr of trophy bass taken in the three heaviest-used tour­ ney lakes. 

In order to harvest a six-pound or better fish at To I (‘do Bend in 1975, it took 435 an g ler-h o u rs, co m p ared to 
1.581 angler-hours in 197H. 

According to Seidenst icker, other exceptional trophy bass re se rv o irs w ere M u rv au l, T y le r, Oak C reek . 
( oilroe and Falcon. Lake Somerville, site of 21 reported tourneys, had the greatest fisherman effort with a rate of 
5.589 angler-hours per trophy bass. 

 enticed s trik e s from a dozen or so ch a n n e l c a tfis h w hich also w ere feeding on the dead and dying shad. 
We did not ca tc h a sin g le w h ite striper. The fish evidently have started moving to the main lake or the hybrids are less tolerant than catfish and carp to whatever was killing the shad, and they moved out of the discharge area only temporarily. 
Although the carp normally is a bot­ tom feeder, the carp of Calaveras — and possibly other power plant lakes which experience frequent shad kills 
— a p p a re n tly h ave ch a n g ed th e ir feeding habits because of the availah- lity of the^food supply. 
Although the carp and catfish would readily take a small jig hopped near 

 ll look only 6 o minutes 

These two young Son Antonio anglers, I I -year-old Stephen Ames, left, and I 2-year-old Tim Sawtelle caught this string of fish — 3o in all — in 6o minutes on a ranch lake in Medina County. They were standing on the dam and casting spinners across deep water. The bass weighed up to four pounds. 

 the bottom, both also hit a swimm ing lure on a steady retrieve and often took a lure as soon as it touched the surface. 
Carp were rolling constantly in the immediate area of the boat, which is not uncom m on for this species, but they also cam e to the surface to take dying shad. O ccasionally one would follow a lure to the boat just as a bass often w ill. 
I have caught carp before on dough balls and. occasionally, on lures, but that was the first tim e I ve ever had this fish take artificials consistently. 
The carp provided a couple of hours of interesting fishing action, but I still would like to know where those white stripers moved 
Gholson says the state plans to stock even more hybrids this year in Cala­ veras. I hope so. It appears that if I am to catch one, Ell need b e tte r than 
BK.IMM).to-1 odds. 
Camping Show set for March 

The Sin Antonio C am ping and T ra­ vel Show will he held in Convention 
Center March 9-13 
The show, produced by Double C 
Productions of Houston, is now in its fifth year and will occupy every inch of the Exhibit Hall 
Headlining the show will be more than 2oo recreational vehicles ranging from the tent cam (hts to plush motor homes. Other types of recreational v eh icle s on d isp la y in c lu d e fifth wheels, van cam pers, pickpup coaches, travel trailers and mini-motor homes 
Also included in the BV section arc accessories ranging from cam p in g furniture to kitchen items 
The Mexican Government Tourism 
Department from Monterrey will be on hand to explain the different travel areas in Mexico. 
Other travel displays will include 
Woodcreek Besort, Texas Campground 
Owners. American Travel Club. The 
San Antonio Biver Authority. Forest trikes Durango and Aspen Springs. 
F a ls ta ff B rew ing C om pany will sponsor a dart throwing contest during tin* five day show. 
The show is sponsored bv the San 
Antonio Chapter of the Recreational 
Vehicle Dealers of America. 

 fishing trip to carp about 

By DAN K LEPPER 
— 
,M.,. w rn i m n ob rniTrvD 
I 
O UTDOO R EDITOR 
The German carp, a bony, bugle-mouthed, overgrown min­ now g en era lly regarded as undesirable by one and all, rar­ ely takes an artificial lure. 
At least th a t’s what the reference books say. Consider, for example, what 
Al Met lane reports in his monumental work entitled 
A c h Standard Fishing 
Fncyrloftvdia. 
“ The mystique of carp angling reads like a cookbook with advice on propor­ tions of water to flour in making dough balls, methods of kneading, the use of canned whole-kernel corn, cooked po­ tatoes and even gum drops and .jelly beans,” he said. “ The fact that carp will take flies at tim es, especially in the spring of the y ear when m idges and nymphs fished near the bottom in reasonably clear water have their mo­ m ents of success, does not su b sta n ­ tially alter the approach to carp trick­ ery.” 
N atural foods of the ca rp include algae, plankton, sm all cru sta cean s, insect larvae and mollusks. The mouth of this barbel-lipped fish extends into a tube for sucking food from the bottom. 
Shad 
Under most circum stances and in most lakes, a carp will hit a lure only occasionally. But Wednesday at Cala­ veras they were doing it consistently. 
The carp didn’t want just any lure. 
They were being as selective as any gam e fish. The lure had to he silver or white, and the reason was obvious. 
The carp were feeding on small shad which were being killed — probably by ch lo rin e — n ear the hot w a te r d is ­ charge outlet at the power plant. 
Carp w eren’t alone at the dinner ta­ ble. Hundreds of sea gulls feasted on the free meal as the shad drifted from the discharge canal into the large res­ tricted area of the lake known as zone four. 

S u n day 
E x p r e s s - 
Outdoors 

Sunday February 2o 1977 

GULLS FLOCKED to a fre e m eal o f d ea d and dying shad in the hot w ater discharge canal at the Calaveras Lake p o w er plant photo b y d a n kipper 

Dr. lawrence E. Lamb, that is. Dr. lamb, whose notionally distributed medical column appears daily in the San Antonio News, is one of the natins most distinguished physicians. Dr. Lamb developed NASA s medical examination program for selection of 
Gemini and Apollo astronaut crews, was physician to Lyndon 8. Johnson as Senator, 
Vice President and President, and is a former professor of medicine at Baylor University. He is o board certified cardiologist ond internist and has professional credientials in the area of diet and nutrition. A resident of San Antonio, Texas, Dr. tomb bos written hundreds of professional articles and papers and several books on the many subjects within his broad range of expertise. 

W atch fo r Dr. LAM B 

M onday-Friday 

 in the 
San Antonio News 

HURR XI ENTER TODA TI 
CITY PUTTING 
CHAMPIONSHIP 

 a, I Hour Golf 

Free - No Entry Fee ■ $12oo in Prizes 

3 Categorial - Men s, Women's and Juniors (under IS) Putt anytime • Play 4 rounds to qualify before March S. Playoffs an tits Saturday, March Sth at IM-IO locations. 
Finds * Sunday, March 6th at IN-IO Location. 

Highballs - all day at 1-35 
S O 4 
Draft Baar > both locations.. 3 o 4 
I HOUR GOLF 
2 Locations 
* I IH-3S at Judson Rood, 454-1 ISO 
# 2 IH-IO ond loop 41o, 349-1325 

GILLESPIE 
FORD 
SERVICE WHIU YOU WAHI 

NO APPOINTMINT NfCtSSARY 

V 
MUFFLER SPECIAL 
SUPERIOR LIFETIME 

GU ARANT ti MUSTIER 

I>(Mroe 3 -2 8 -2 2 
( * > 
IS HERE FOR 

23oo BROADWAY 

A U PARTS AND LABOR GUARANTIED 
* Major Credit Cards Accepted 
GILLESPIE FORD 

2 2 7 - 1 4 1 1 

San Antonio EXPRESS-NEW S— Sunday February 2o 1977 
H 

Scoreboard 

H o c k e y 
R o d e o 

N A T IO N A L H O C K E Y L E A G U E 
Saturday's Gomes 
New York Islanders S. New York R angers 2 
Montreal 5. Philadelphia 2 
Pittsburgh 6, Toronto 6 
Buffalo 2. Detroit I 
Minnesota 6. Chicago 2 
St. Louis 4, Washington I 
Vancouver 5, Atlanta I 
Boston at Los Angeles 
Sunday's Gom es 
Detroit at New York Rangers 
New York Islanders at Washington 
Buffalo at PhlladelDhio 
Cleveland of Pittsburgh 
Toronto at Chicago 
Minnesota at Colorado 

W O R L D H O C K E Y A SS O C IA T IO N 
Saturday's Gam es 
Cincinnati 3, Quebec I 
Houston S. San Diego 3 
Phoenix at Indianapolis 
Sunday's Gam es 
Edmonton at Winnipeg 
New England at Calgary 
Indianapolis at Birm ingham 
Phoenix at Cincinnati 
NUA-------- 

S t a n d i n g s 

E A S T E R N C O N F E R E N C E 
Atlantic Division w 
L 
Pct. 
G B 
Philadelphia 
34 
21 
.618 
_ 
Boston 
28 n 
.SOO 
7’ 2 
New York Knlcks 
25 
31 
.446 
9 } 
Buffalo 
21 
35 
.375 
13' 7 
New York Nets 
18 
39 
.316 
17* 
Central Division 
/I 
Washington 
33 
23 
.589 
_ 
Houston 
31 
24 
.564 
I ’ J 
Cleveland 
3o 
25 
.545 
Vt* 
San Antonio 
3o 
26 
.536 i 
New Orleans 
24 
31 
.436 
8’.'7 
Atlanta 
23 
35 
.397 ll 
W E S T E R N C O N F E R E N C E 
Midwest Division 
Denver 
36 19 
.655 
Detroit 
34 
25 
.576 
4 
Kansas Citv 
3o 
29 
.5o8 
• 
Indiana 
26 
31 
.456 ll 
Chicago 
24 
34 
.414 
13’q 
Milwaukee 
2o 
42 
.323 
19’ Y 
Pacific Division 
Los Angeles 
35 
2o 
.636 
— 
Portland 
36 
24 
.6oo 
I'a 
Golden State 
32 
25 
.561 
4 
Seattle 
3o 
29 
.5o8 
I 
Phoenix 
26 
3o 
.464 
9 Va 

SA N A N T O N IO (A P ) — Satu rday's matinee re­ sults at the San Antonio Livestock Exposition and 
Rodeo: 
Cowboy bareback bronc — I, Jam es Word. Odes sa, 77. 2. Richard Andrews. Camanche, O kto. 68 3. 
Dale T rattler. Calgary, Alberta. 67. 
Colt roping — I, Ken Kelly, Greenwood, Tex., 9.9 seconds. 2. Wesley M yers. Clovis. N.M . IO.5. 3. Bud 
Lytle, Sterling. Okla.. 13. 
Steer wrestling — I. R.G. Kekich. Sheridan. W yo . 
5.1 seconds. 2. Bill Owen. Albuaueraue. N.M., 6.5. 3. 
Ron Conaster, Yorkville. III., 11.8. 
Saddle bronc — I. (tie) Lyle Sankev, Rose Hill. 
Kan., and Monte Henson, Mesquite, Tex.. 73. 3, Bill 
Wines. Elko, Nev., 72. 
G irl's barrel racing — I. Rene Sutherland, Gate, 
Okla., 15.8. 2, Lynne M ays, Myrtle Point. Ore., 16-1- 
3. (tie) Janice Sounders, Hebbronville. Tex., and 
Margaret Alford. Caldwell. Tex., 16-2. 
Bull riding — I, L orry Davis. Homedale, Idoho, 78. 
2. (tie) R a n d y Scott, H u d so n . Colo., an d D on 
Tadoilnl, Fort Morgan. Colo.. 7o. 
Colt Scra b b le : * Afternoon perform ance Jose 
Saenz. Rio Grande City; Richard Schriever. New 
Braunfels; Bobby Norrell. Raym ondville; 
SAN A N T O N IO (A P ) — Saturday night's perfor­ mance in the Son Antonio Livestock Exposition ond 
Rodeo: 
Bareback bronc riding — I, Pot Kirby. B a ke rs­ field, Calif., 8o. 2. Jim Willowed. Creighton. S O.. 73. 
3. Lonnie Hall, Spearfish. S.D., 65. 
Colt roping — I, Richard Stowers. Tishom ingo. 
Okla.. 1o.4 seconds. 2. Joe Lawrence, Stephenville, 
Tex., 1o.9. 3, Tim Prather, Snyder. Tex., 11.2 
Steer w restling — I, L o rry Fe rgu so n , M iam i. 
Okla.. 4.2 seconds. 2. Tim Roberts, Stephenville. f Tex., 6.2. 3, Stoa Williamson, Kellyville, ork.. 7.8. 
Saddle bronc riding — I, Bob Koch, Aurora. Ore., 
77. 2. Bud M unroe, B illin gs. M ont., 76. 3, Don 
Tescher, Medora. N.D., 73. 
G irl’s barrel! racing — I, Thay Lewis, Big Spring, 
Tex., 15.7. 2. Jackie Jo Perrin, Scottsdale, A ril . 
15.8. 3, Janice Saunders. Hebbronville, Tex., 15.9. 
Bull riding — I, Nicky Wheeler, Tyler. Tex., 79. 2. 
Leander Frev, Eunice. La., 75. 3, John Grow nev. 
Red Bluff, Calif., 74. 
C oll Scram ble: 
Ev e n in g perform ance B illy 
Best, McAllen; Jason Wendler, B ryan; Clayton 
Allison, Buckholts. 

W riter puts Spur to Bums 

B o w l i n g 

Saturday's Gom es 
Buffalo 1o3, Seattle IOO 
New York Nets 86. New York Knlcks 85 
Cleveland 92. Phoenix 88 
Washington 1o5, Detroit 95 
Kansas City US, Houston 1o9 
Denver 133, Portland 124 
Sunday's Gom es 
New York Knlcks at New York Nets 
Cleveland at Philadelphia 
Los Angeles at Washington 
New Orleans at San Antonio 
Phoenix at Detroit 
Atlanta at Denver 
Boston at Golden State 
Seattle at Indiana 
T rinity prevails 

By HARRY PAGE 
Of Tnt IXPUESS News S U H 

Tnnity scored the gam e’s first five buckets and went to stun Paul Quinn, 
83-7o, Saturday night at Sams Gym. 
Danny Ivey scored 23 points and had 
14 rebounds to spark the Tigers, who won their sxxth gam e in 22 outings. 
Jeff Spillane and Bob Hoebeke, who was celebrating his return to action after missing several gam es with an injury, both had 16 points and Darrell 
Williams added 13 for Trinity. 
In the prelim inary gam e, Gibby 
Haynes had 25 points, Bill MacLeay 24, and Rob Lundgren 2o as T rinity’s junior . varsity who its fourth straight game by outscoring Huston-Tillotson's junior varsity, 1o9-1o3. 
“ I really thought we moved the ball around well and played good defense in the first half,” said Pete M urphy,’ 
Trinity’s Coach. “ (Bill) Kilgore did a great job in the first half, Hoebeke hit some clutch baskets in the second half, and (Gerry) Marquez grabbed some clutch rebounds when it looked like they were starting to comeback. 
“ Darrell did an outstanding job of handling the ball. Well, as a m atte.E» of fact, everyone did a great job. We played with a lot of enthusiasm. Ivey, of course, did his eusual great job.” 
A layup by Ivey, a fielder by Spil­ lane, W illiams’ bucket, and two more fielders by Spillane gave Trinity a 1o-o lead 2:35 deep into the gam e. Paul 
Quinn, however, scored t the gam e’s next six points to close it to 1o-6. But, a string of eight points capped by a bucket by Marquez, gave Trinity its biggest lead at 42-22 with 3:12 left in the first half. 2 ‘ 
The Tigers led at halftime, 44-32. 

SW JB A 
Teom. 
C lass A — Goliad Sharpshooters 2946; 
Class B — Bowlerom a Ferocious Bow lers 3126; 
Closs C — • C ox's A rm y 31o8; Class D — B rook's 

3 2g82; Class E — - Randolph Pin Busters 2896. 
Boys singles: Closs A — • G ary Ahrens 699; C lass 
B — David Dehart 718. Class C — Steven W ag­ goner 687; Class D — Steven Batt real' 7oo; C la s s 
E — - Ben Balde,ama 657. Girts singles: Class A 
— • LISO Mooney 624; Class B — Cath teen Kours 
725; Class C 
• Jo Ann Pinkston 739; Closs D — 
Lisa Gonzales 668; Closs E — Christine Poll 647. 
Doubles: 
Closs A — - W ayne Byrom and Walter 
Sm ith 13o7; C lo ss B — Cathleen K o u rs and 
Melissa Shrank 1323; Class C — Clndv Gonzalez and Tom m y Oldham 1252. Closs D — Archie Ortiz ond Tlm m v Williamson 1275; Class E — Laura 
Smith and Coleen M cR e no ld s 1257. 
G irls, All 
Events: Class A - Julio Robo 1884, Closs B — • 
Cathleen Kours 2o97; Class C — Tam m y Oldham 
1932; Class D — Clndv Appleby 1794; C lass E — 
Coleen McRenolda 1855. Boys, All Events: 
Class 
A — Luis Benavides 1963; C loss B — Jack H arris 
1963; Closs C - Ben Mandell 1927; Class D — 
Eddie Garcia 1866; Class E — Ben B alderram a 
192o. 
FR O B O W L E R S 
D ick W eber cap tured his 26th p ro fe ssio n a l bowling title bv detecting G ory M oge 227-191 In the payoff gam e of this w eek's S75JX>o tournament. 
Weber won $8,ooo for first place. 
H o r s e R a r i n g 

O A K LA W N : 
825.ooo A rk o n so s Troveler Hon- dicop — • Rom eo (86), Lost Buzz, Albert H.B. Six furlongs In 1:11. 
G U L F S T R E A M : CSanodion Tur Handicap — f - 
G ravellnes ($4.4o), Proponent, Lord Layabout. 
One ond one sixteenth miles In 1:44 25. 
BO W IE: 
$26,9oo Conniver Handicap — Sho rk's 
Jaw s ($11.4o). M aul Princess, Avum . One and one sixteenth miles In I 46 

Continued from Page IS 

 group “think they’re part of our team huddle. They're so close that when we arc drawing plays during a time out some of them will help us move the chalk on the floor.” 
W ednesday night the B u lls m ade their first appearance ever in this pit. 
They lost the gam e 115-1o7. But it was a good night, by San Antonio sta n ­ dards, because the Bulls were able to go directly to their hotel after the game instead of a hospital emergency room. 
Only twice during the entire 48 m in­ utes did the fans get upset to the point of storming to the edge of the court to shake fists and spew expletives at the officials. And only one cup of Pearl 
Light Beer was thrown onto the floor. 
It was a good night. 
Earlier this season, the Boston Cel­ tics became so disturbed by the abuse they went into the stands and slugged it out with rowdy fans. 
“ This guy insisted all he shouted w as. ‘Cowens (C e lts’ cen ter Dave 
Cowens), you’re a red headed sissy,’’’ 
Spurs Publicity Director Wayne Witt explained. “ It was during a timeout. 
The entire Boston huddle just seemed to shift toward the stands. They were in there before anybody really knew it.” 
T here w as a lot of p ush in g and punching between Cowens, Boston as­ sistant coach John Killilea and fans. 
The police got in and pulled them apart. 

You J U S T H A D 
TWO BEERS ‘ 

As the surly mob returned to their seats, Boston forward Steve Kuberski found a .38-caliber revolver near the baseline. Witt said a policeman lost it during the scuffle. 

“That wasn’t us,” said Mrs. Becky 
Etler, one of the original Bums. “ We raise a lot of hell but we don’t get 

 physical. That fight was in the $7 seats. 
We're on the other end. and we can’t spit that far. 
There were about 3o Bum s in the 
Lone Star two hours before gam e time 
W ednesday. Men, wom en and c h il­ dren. Most wore their Bum s’ T-shirts 
— white with black lettering and a beer-bellied bum in the center. They were lined up at the long bar guzzling 
Lone Star. 
In the group was the Star Bum, San 
A ntonio’s own D ancing H arry. His name is Ernest Munoz. He looks like 
Pancho V illa. His trade m ark is a wide-brimmed Super Fly hat. He got his nickname by dancing to the music during Spurs intermissions. 
His claim to fame is that he and his wife. Deborah Lynn, were married last year before 12,ooo fans at halftime of a 
Spurs game. 
“ It w as the largest crowd of the year.” Munoz said with pride. 
Witt said people were callin g for tickets to the wedding. They didn’t know or care who the Spurs w ere playing. 
The Bum s have organized cheers. 
Things like, “ Elevator, elevator . . . 
We got the shaft” after an officials’ call goes against the Spurs. There are 
23 Bums cheers on the list they pass out to m embers at games. Most could not be printed in a family newspaper. 
It’s the Bums who are primarily re­ sponsible for the reputation San An­ tonio basketball fans have. There arc about 175 of them. They sit in a section just above the exit to the visiting team to buy more hoer. 

 dressing room. More than a few times, players have been showered with boer en route to the locker room. 
They are raunchy. They are rabid and boisterous And they wave an en­ ormous Texas state flag every time the 
Spurs score a point. 
“ I don't agree with a lot of the things the Bums do,” explained ( ar! Taylor, president of the Spurs Advisory Board. 
The board is a group of ll season ticketholders who were selected three years ago to serve as a buffer between the owners and the fans. They’re the white hats. “ Frankly, the reputation we have here bothers me personally.” 
But Taylor explained it’s not just the 
Bums. 
There was once a m ajority stock­ holder of the Spurs whose favorite ha­ bit was to throw cups of beer at re­ ferees. G en era lly , the b eer would splatter the players. 
“ But w e ’re not as bad as som e places,” Taylor said. “ You’ve never seen the Spurs fans pour onto the floor and attack a referee like they did in 
Boston during the playoffs last year. 
“ It's just that we’re from a town in 
Texas. Back East they think we still ride horses and shoot people down in gunfights in the streets. We’re a hill­ billy' town — the big old country town where people go wild like that.” 
The group behind the Bulls bench 
Wednesday was wild. They were also foul and vile. For unending m inutes they screamed abuse at the Bulls, by name. They paused only long enough 

College cage scores 

G o l f 
C A R P E N T E R S 
Results of the weekly Pro-Am : is* Roy Cevoiios, 
Al Bettlev. Rocky Berlongo. C O Voldez. Ro ert 
Leal, 44; 2nd (tie) Donnie Newman, Jay Herrera. 
Red Clayton, O scar Hiller, Tom m y McCullough; 
Mike Peine. Phillip DeLaCruz. Frank Foster. Rout 
Guerra. C O . Smith, 45. 
H O N D O G O L F 
The Hondo Colt Course will hold o partnership tournament Saturday. Feb 26, with o shotgun start at I p.m. Entry deadline is 12 noon. Entry tee is $5 plus green fee. Handicaps must be verified bv a 
•pro. Send tee ond handicap to Virgil Krem m ueller, 
Hondo Golf Course. Hondo, Texas 78861. 

SWC 
Arkansas 73, Texas 61 
Texas Tech 68, Savior 61 
Rice 93, TCU 72 
Houston 116. Texos A & M 83 
T E X A S T E A M S 
Trinity 83, Paul Quin 7o 
Bishop Col 96, Austin Col 91 
Rio Grande 81, Tiffin 72 
North Texas 91, Lam ar 82 
West Texas 76, Brodlev 7o OT 
T e x a s Sou th ern 77, P r a irie 
View 72 
T e x a s L u th e ra n 87, St. E d ­ w ards 62 
M lllsap s 89. A m bassador Col­ lege rn 
New Mexico 59, Texas-Ei Po so 58 
T e xo s L u th e ra n 87, St. E d w ords 62 
Roth dies 
BE R K EL EY . 
C alif. 
(AP) — U niversity of 
California quarterback 
Joe Roth died Saturday at his apartm ent here after a long fight against a rare form of cancer, a 
University of California 
M edical Center spokes­ man reported. 
The spokesm an said 
Roth, 21, died at 3:55 rn., PST, surrounded 

D a lla s B ap tist 9o. W aylan d 
Baptist 85 
Sui Ross HO, Panhandle 89 
O T H E R T E A M S 
Konsos St 88, M issouri 77 
Clemson 68. N Carolina St 66 
Tennessee 92, Alabam a 89 
W Virginia 81. Notre Dame 68 
Georgia Tech 47, S Carolina 45 
Kentucky St 74, Wright St 69 
M ississippi 75. Vanderbilt 66 
Mem phis St. 87, Louisville 77 
George Washington 79. M a ssa ­ chusetts 
M ichigan St 81, Iowa 
79 
Furm an 76, Davidson 51 
Creighton 64, Air Force 63 
Syracuse 79, St. Jo hn s, N.Y. 
55 
Penn St 79, Pittsburgh 77 
Michigan 89, Minnesota 7o 

Oklahoma 94, Iowa St 68 
N Illinois 81. Bowling Green 79 
S Illinois 66. Drake 57 
Northwestern 98, Wisconsin 88 
Rutgers 89. Cincinnati 7o 
Oregon 64. U C LA SS 
Princeton 59, H arvard 49 
Providence 75. La Salle 62 
Citadel 75. E. Carolina 7? 
Albright 81, Gettysburg 71 
California, Pa. 94, York, Pa. 
9o, OT 
Carnegie-M ellon 1o2. C ase W 
Reserve 77 
Clarkson 81, Hobart 79 
Delaware 8o. W Chester 78. OT 
Iona 1o7, 5 Florida IOO 
N o w 84, Manhattan 73 
Nichols 64. Conn. Col 58 
NC-Chorlotte 85, Seton Hall 75 
Plattsburgh St 91, Oswego St 
73 

Queens 8o, Trinity. Conn. 78. 
OT 
R P I 85. Alfred $1 
Temple 61, Drexel 58 
Vermont 85. Connecticut 77 
Florida South 85. Biscayne 72 
Florida Tech 123. Florida Inst 
96 
Ga. Southwestern 85, Piedmont 
73 
Maryland 85, Ouke 72 
Mem phis St 87, Louisville 77 
Stillman 71, Mississippi Ind 66 
Ashland 85 Wayne St 78 
Carleton 87, Coe 79 
Cent Michigan 92, Miam i, Ohio 
85 
Cincinnati Xavier 57, St. Louis 
56 
Findlay 82. Manchester 59 
Franklin 86, Indiana Cent 63 
Graceland 93. M issouri Vly 87 

LAS VEGAS 
CHARTERS 
FREQUENT DEFA RTI RES 

* 2 
1 
9 
. o 
o 
SAFARI WORLD TRAVEL 

8 2 8 - 5 6 2 9 
9oo N.E. LOOF 41o...782o9 

A > V " L/\ j 

I 
T e n n i s 

SW T 8, ST. E D W A R D 'S I (M E N ) 
S IN G L E S : Jako G ar os. St. Edw ard's, der G ary 
Seym our, default; Tom D e avan p o rt det 
R ob 
Wessel, 6-3, 7-6. Dom inick Dom inion def. Robert 
Parker, 6-4, 6-4; Brian Lewis del Al Ochoa, 6-1, 
6-o; Dave Edw ards def Bob Hilliard, 6-3, 6-2, Kurt 
Thomas def Gus Alaniz. 61. 6 o 
D O U B L E S : 
Seymour Doevenport def. G oros Wessel. 6 2. 6 2; 
Lewis-Dumitlion del. Barber Hilliard. 6-1. 3-6. 62; 
M ark Assoraf-Thom as det. Ochoa-Alaniz. 64), 6-2. 
S*m IO. ST. E D W A R D 'S 6 (B )M E N ) 
S IN G L E S : 
Denise Rhodes def. Michelle H an ­ nah, <54, 6-2; Jan Goodwin def. Ann H arris, 6o. 
6-2; Beck7 Shofner def 
M arlyln Smith, 6-1, 6-1; 
Katy Agieids def. Teresa Solom on*, so. 6-o; M a ry 
Fischer aet M arge Sa la rn one, 6-2, 6-4; Susan Ford def Carolyn Czlchos. 6-o. 6o; Suzv Hebdo det. Pat 
Martinez. 62. 6-1. D O U B L E S : 
Shofner-Rhodes def. M. Salam one-Hannoh, 6 2, 
6-o; Goodwin-Shields def Horrls-T Solom on*, 61. 
6 1; Flocher Ford del. Smlfh-Czlchos. 62. 6o. 

U S N A T IO N A L A M A T E U R IN D O O R 
Of Salisbury. M d 
• 
Semifinals 
Mott Mitchell del C hris Moyotte, 
62. 64 4 w om en's semifinals: 
Barbara Hoilauist det. Sandy Stop I i. 6o 
B a s e b a l l 
N O R T H W E ST 
The Northwest Amateur Baseball League will have o business meeting at 7:3o p m. W ednesday at the Holy C ross High School Cafeteria. League 
President Sam Talomentez requests the presence of all managers. Those who cannot attend should conto#! Talomentez at 434 5461. 
C O L L E G E B A S E B A L L 
Saturday's Gam es 
Houston 3 7, Pan Am erican 2-o 
Southwestern 2 5, Trinity 63 
Texos 29, Texos Lutheran l-l 
Baylor 7 4, Texos Arlington 341 

P o l o 

Trinity (83) fg ft-a 
Murphy 
Williams 
Kilgore 
Spillane 
Ivey 
Johnson 
Hoebeke 
Moron#/ 
Ashton 
Recko 
Totals 
Paul Quinn 
Trinity 
Total fouls 
Fouled out 

 to 
o-o 2 
12 13 
6 3 6 
6 o 16 
5 7 23 
2 2 
2 
6 2 16 
14 
3 
o1 
o 
2 2 
2 

Pout Qumn (78) fg ft-a 

B R A C K E N R ID G E 
S a tu rd a y 's m atch 
Retam a F o rm s 6. Seim o 
Smokies 3. Kingsville will meet Cibito Volley at 
2:3o pm . at Brackenridge Polo Field Sunday. 

Larkin 
Hawthorne 
Arm stead 
Lotting 
Veal 
White 
Em anuel 
Strong 
Totals 

IP 
2 4 2o 
6 o 8 
69 13 
4 4 12 
1-3 
7 
OO o 
22 4 
o I 
6 

R u g b y 

28 1623 7o 

36 11-24 83 
33 
38 
44 
3* 
Paul Quinn 24, Trinity 27. 
Williams, Kilgore, Hawthorne 
Technical foul: Lorton 
Attendance; 15o (Est ). 

M A R O I G R A S R U O E Y T O U R N A M E N T 
At New Orleans 
The San Antonio Rugby Club defeated George town University of Washington, O C ., 15 4, ond blasted Teom Conodo, 21 12. in the M ardi G ros 
Invitational 
Rugby 
Tournament 
Saturday afternoon 
L a rry GoMegos scored 17 points. IO against 
Conoda ond seven ogolnst Georgetown, to poco theiocai club 
T erry E n glish hid seven points, 
Bodle Wagner tour, Grody Hoerm ann four, and 
Jim St Ville three tor the 5ARFC. 
San Antonio, the defending Texos cham pions, will meet Boston College in the finals at I p m . 
Sunday. golf results 

LO S A N G E L E S (A P ) - Third rou nd sc o re s S a tu rd a y In the 
$2oo,ooo G le n C a m p b e ll L o s 
Angeles Open Golf Tournam ent on the 7,o29-vard. oor-71 Riviera 
Country Club course <o-denotes am ateur): 

T P unier 
I Wads ms 
Bonder 
C Shadier 
J Mosser IO 
R M aitre 
Ct Marsh 
H T witty 
D Moves 
J Inman 
F Jollier 
B b attel 
R MassengcMe 
O Teweti 
O January 
J McGee 
o E IC helper per 
M Hey sot 
G Morgan 
P Brown 
S Memvk 
L Muskie 
R CerrudO 
B Joeckei 
T Kite 
K lo r lev 
1 Weis* oui 
J C. Snood 
G Cadie 
G Jones 
B Wort* ms 
J Schiee 
L Lott 
DNevM 
T Diehl 
B Crenshaw 
E Sabo 
A McNickt# 
B Monon 
I) Shear et 
G Lither 
P Rodgers 
J F- mg 
M Reid 
D Bios 
J San oeder 
□ Edwards 
P.Mot an 
J Wlechers 
K SHM 
B Dickson 
GMcCord 

666766-2o1 
666969- 2o4 
67 7)68-2o6 
6966 7o-2o7 
7 6 7 6 6 8 - 2o8 
6669 73-21o 
7367 76-21o 
767268-71o 
7171 69-211 
71 76 7o— 211 
72 7 1 6 6 - 711 
7o 7369—-217 
65-73 74— 212 
71 7672-213 
68 73 72-213 
7672 71-213 
77 7269-213 
74 7669— 213 
7/69 6 7-713 
737671-214 
71-73 7 6 - 214 
66 73 72-214 
114* 74-214 
6V TI 74-214 
71-7568— 214 
767372-715 
71 76 74— 215 
737366-215 
767576-215 
68 74 74-216 
72 72 72-214 
7674 72-216 
73 7673-716 
71 73 72 - 216 
74 76 72 -216 
72 73 72— 217 
7672 75— 217 
69 7? 76-217 
71 7571— 217 
75 71 72-218 
737571-218 
7671 71-218 
76 7672-218 
73 72 73 -2 1 8 
72 72 74-218 
7571 72-218 
7372 73-218 
73 72 73-218 
73737>-218 
737374— 219 
69 7872-219 
737673— 219 

K Acton 
/STB 71-219 
MPteii 
787o-77— 22o 
GArcher 
TI 7V 74— 22o 
G Burns 
78 74-73-TTO 
Beode# 
7*7873-22o 
M Kaser 
71 TOTS— 22o 
D Graham 
72 7* 74-22o 
L Nelson 
766878-22o 
J Heard 
7871 76-22o 
O B Gaddy 
68 7874-22o 
D Stockton 
787*75-222 
P Oos*erhuis 
787* 78-222 
B/ender 
787*78-222 
M Wolfers 
787177-223 
A Mitier 
7V72 76-223 
H. Irwin 
7872 76-223 
T Show 
737676-223 
S Far low 
7*72 77- 223 
C.Sdtord 
737878— 223 
C Sanudo 
71 7678-225 
A Wok 
78 73 79-228 
GGroh 
78 72-8o— 227 
C Sdtord 
787888-234 
B Wynn 
7o72 Disqualified 

Y M C A 

LPGA 

ST P E T E R S B U R G . Flo. (A P ) 
— L e a d e rs offe r S a t u r d a y s se co n d ro u n d In the $5o,ooo 
O ronge B lossom C lassic L P G A tournament over the 6.1o9-yard. par 72 
Pasadena 
God 
Club 

Y M C A B A S K E T B A L L 
C E N T R A L Y M C A 
Midget Division 
St Phillip s 
32, Y M C A 12; Jr. Knlcks 45. St 
M a ry ’s ll. Jr. Knlcks wins first p lace and St 
P h illip s tokes second 
Pee Wee Division 
Sr Knlcks 
43. St P hillip s 14. Y M C A 2o. St 
Phillip s 12 Sr K nicks Wins first place ond St 
P h illip s tones second 

Junior Division: 
St 
P hillip s 
3o. Y M C A 2 28. OT. Senderos 3o, 
F irst P res 28 St Phillip's wins crown and Y M C A No. 2 tokes second 
Senior Division 
Sidewinders 
62, W arriors 51 Sidewinders win league crown and W o m o re toke second 

 y his fam ily, friends and Cal Coach Mike 
White. 
Nets win 
NEW YORK (AP) - Al 
Skinner and Bubbles 
Hawkins combined for 19 points in the fourth quarter to lead the New 
York Nets to an 86-85 victory over the New 
York Knicks in a Nation­ al Basketball Association game Saturday night. 
Braves roll 
BUFFALO (A P) - 
B askets by John Shu­ mate and Randy Smith in the final 66 seconds gave the Buffalo Braves a 
1o3-1oo National Basket­ ball Association victory over the Seattle Super­ sonics Saturday night. 
Buffalo led by as many as 13 points in the third period and never trailed until Seattle went ahead 
92-91 with 5:26 to go on 
Dean Tolson’s lay-up. 

S E A T T L E (IO O ); W e a th e r- sp o o n 5 O I IO. S e a ls I 2-2 4, 
Burleson 3 4 5 IO. Watts o 12 I. 
Brown 9 2-2 2o. Norwood I 6 o 2. 
W ilkerson 9 2 3 2o, Love I 6 6 2. 
Green 5 3 3 13. Tolson 5 2 6 12. 
o .Johnson 3 6 o 6. Totals 42 16-24 
IOO 
B U F F A L O (1o3): Dontlev IO 7-9 
27, Shumate 7 9 13 23, G Johnson J 
1-3 S. DiGregorio 4 4-4 12, Smith 12 
1 2 25. Gionelll 2 6o 4. G erard 2 12 
5. Williams o 2-2 2, Aver lit o 6 o o. 
Totals 39 25 35 1o3 
Seattle 
23 29 24 22— 1oo 
Buda lo 
2o 25 2o 22-1o3 
F o u le d out — N one. 
T otal fouls— Seattle 
27, 
Buttoto 
27. 
A — 11,o79 

D E T R O IT (95): C orr 9 2 2 2o, 
M Porter 5 2 2 12, Lanier o 5 6 21, 
Ford 6 I 2 13, K Porter o o o o. 
Money 3 6 o 6, Simpson 5 2 4 12, 
Bornes I 6 o 2, D ouglas 4 1-2 9, 
E bernard o 6 o o Totals 41 13-18 
95 
W A SH IN G T O N (18$): Grevev 5 
2 5 12. Haves 6 1616 26. Unseid 4 
o 2 8. Chenier 8 1315 28. Mender son 4 4 4 12, Kopchak I 1-2 3, G ray 
4 32 IO. Wright o OO o. W eiss 3 OO 
6. Pace o 6 6 & Totals 35 3 546 1o5. 
Detroit lf 33 lf l l — 9$ 
Washington 
31 33 36 25-185 
Toto* fo uls — D etro it 28. W a ­ shington 17. A — 15,241. 

P H O E N IX (U ): T.VanArsdale 
2 6 o 4. Terrell 4 1-2 9, Adorns 6 4 6 
16. Wes tonal 1 7 7 23, Lee 6 2 2 14. 
Awtrey o 2 4 2, O V onA rsd oi* I OO 
2. Erickson 5 2-2 12. Sobers 3 O O 6. 
Sch ulte r o 6 o o. Totols 35 18-23 
U 
C L E V E L A N D (92) 
B Smith 3 
4 4 IO. Russell I 3 4 19, Chones I 
6 IO 22. Corr 2 4 6 I, Cleamons 4 
o o 1 . Snyder 3 3 4 9. Brewer I 2 2 
4, E Smith 2 OO 4. Brokaw 4 6 o 8. 
Lambert o O O o. Totals 35 22 3o 92. 
Phoenix 
21 22 17 71-68 
‘ Cleveland 
38 28 1 3 31-93 
T otal fo u ls — P h o e n ix 
27, 
Cleveland 22 A-17,822 

H 
M 
Ful-Line Best Buys 

 course 
J Ronkui 
J K az rn ier ski 
$.Palmer 
S Little 
J Kimball 
J A Washom 
D Skinner 
M Mills 
S-MMIef 
M Porter 
K Ahem 
I A J Smith 
J B knack 
G theft 
M (freer 
J Comer 
A Creed 
VYaehunochi 
S McAlester 
K Cornelius 
S Chandi 
B Bryant 
L Bough 
J A Prentice 

687o-139 
7o 71-141 
73 76-143 
77 7? -444 
7668-144 
71 74-145 
7372-145 
74 71-145 
7471-145 
75 7o-145 
7571 -146 
73 73-166 
7472-146 
76 7o-146 
7373-146 
76 7o-146 
7571-166 
7572-147 
74 73-14/ 
74 73— 147 
7673— 147 
77 76-147 
77 7o-147 
76/1-147 

ANCIRA WINTON 
CHEVROLET 

 lieyTtLlauu ll rn fat 
Am 
IF* iMJbFW I# hued M i cmss ti Si 
1847 • rn eft*** cm M oN 
M— n»tsi4ii A iLe liflikAtt.1 frw nj 
Wei wTlgWWWWl 
WPP 
VWVwl El" y 

 r * 
I mm 

»-6- -J 
(tis* 
Hilt ii mite ii frill 
Jet iCHNl 
WPP iWlilF® *m J j 
— nfyl ae en fi'^g seiPmis I tit Alw IEMI 
IWU8 j^WIWU Se*We Pl V ll let ledge 424 M i Em Alzehu Shrine 

 business rn Jeu eery el 1871. ehhsueh 
6 kei Men e ymagi* kathy with hen since hts teen years. 
Na aseitas tin friends < 

 iI Anent MftftMt Pit pf pit I. 
| U o Y D o . D S A O O O 
ANCIRA WINTON CHEVROLET 

BRING THIS COUPON 
VALVoMATIC 
AUTOMATIC 
TRANSMISSION 
FLUID 

YOUR CHOICE 
His 

Q t . 

(Also for Power 

S t a a r ln g ) 

T y p e C # 3 4 7 O E X R O N ll 

T yp e F A # 3 4 1 

WITH COUPON 

Mfg. Sugg. 
List $1.15 

S 1 Q 1 6 
Case 24 
WITH COUPON 
^ S / l / ° h » A 7 7 C 

/ s S / O n / FL-U'Pi 

A 
A 
A 
A 
A 
A 
A 
A 
A 
A 
A 
A 
A 
A 
A 
A 
A 
A 
A 
A 
A 
A 
A A 

CASH 
AND 
CARRY 

 hand| 
CLEANER$179 

Dispenser an 
WW 
■ ■ 18 Oz. Ca rtr id and 
18 Oz. Cartridge 
Part # 1 2 1 2 
Mfg. Sugg. 
List $3.99 
Cleans better than soap 
Ready to mount durable plastic dispenser fits neatly into kitchens, bathrooms, laundry rooms, workshops and garages 
Snap In/Snap Out Replacement Cartridge 
Easy one-hand operation 
Five-year written guarantee 
Saves money, no waste 

CASH AND CARRY g°j‘ 

PEAK 
ANTIFREEZE 
SUMMER COOLANT 
49 

Gallon 

CASH AND 
CARRY 

NIEHOFF POINTS 
CONDENSER 

Ford. O M and AMO 
Part 37*8 FF-9MV A FF 28. 
DR-8MV A DR 24 

ChrysJar and A M C 
Part # 'a AL-2HV A 
AL-31A 
$o99 

JW W k U l . a 

PW. A 
Cond. 
Mfg. Sugg. List 87 *o 
$259 
JW W k u i e 

Pts. A 
Cond. 

Mfg, Sugg. List 88 os 

CAAM A N D CAN NY - O FFEN E N D S FE B R U A R Y 26. 1977 

SALE PRICES AT THESE PARTICIPATING 

 lA M Y S AUTO PARTS 
641 I McCullough 
826-9681 

MOTOR MART 
512 So. W W. White Rd 
333-7191 
F O R E I G N G A R S 2422 e. soufhcro»» 
533-81o3 

BULL PARTS FUL-LINE ASSOCIATES: 

MANCE AUTO PARTS 

W E H A V E 

P A R T S F O R 
(East) 

SAN ANTONIO: 
BAUMANN AUTO SUPPLY 
22o1 Cincinnati ( # I) 
734-7241 
5311 Jockwood (# 2) 
684-5713 

179o Austin Hwy. 
826-32o3 
4o2 Austin St. 
225 2946 

DEL RIO: 
SANCHEZ AUTO PARTS 
1o7 W, Martin 
775-5o36 

SAN ANTONIO: 
WAYNE BUU CAR PARTS 
8934 broodway 
I 31 El Paso St, 
,828-5768 
227 1328, 
4913 Blanco Rd. 
14o3 Fredericksburg Rd. 
342-5268 
735-5275 

NEW BRAUNFELS; 
WAYNE BUU CAR PARTS 
154 Hwy. 81 West 
625 7563 

PLEASANTON. 
PRUETT AUTO PARTS 
1o7 Goodwin 
569-2522 

N. HORES AT MARTIN 
225-5333 

SEGUIN: 
WAYNE BUU CAR PARTS 
4o4 W. Kingsbury 
379 4243 

UVALDE; 
UVALDE AUTO PARTS 
315 E. Mom 
278-56o9 

So. Flores at Sussex 
923 4324 

RITTIMAN AUTO PARTS 
4723 Rittman Rd. 
653*93oo 

1438 Pat Booker Rd, 
658 6355 
3o22 fteasanton Rd. 
924-5591 
13)5 So. Presa 
532 7336 

FLORESVILLE! 
WILSON COUNTY AUTO PARTS 
1319 1oth St. (Hwy. 181) 
393 2338 

VICTORIA; 
SHIPLEY'S AUTO PARTS 
8o5 E. Rio Grande 
575 6466 

 t 

P H 
AN ROLL-ON 
1.5 OUNCE 

 t ban 

I 

REGULAR OR 
UNSCENTED M IL ­ 
ON DEODORANT 

NAIL CARE Kl 

Wxfifkfis&ftifohes 
-vYHinninLte" 

COMPLETE KIT 
BY DURA GLOSS 
CONDITIONS AND 
POLISHES IN 
MINUTES FOR 
BEAUTIFUL NAILS!! 

BARBASOL 

It 
' 

 l l OUNCE FOAM 
SHAVE CREME 
YOUR CHOICE OF 
REGULAR OR 
MENTHOL LATHER 
AT SUPER SAVINGS! 

I U 1. 

MMM 
I S U N ., M O N ., & TUES., K S . 2o, 2 1, & 2 2 ,1 o 7 7 

FULL QUARTER 
PORK LOIN 

SLICED 
ASSORTED 
ENDS AND 
CENTERS LB I 

RON DELE C H E E S E S ^ o1 
FRAN KS 
.......................64' 
SMOKED SA U SAG ES..* 138 
LUNCH MEAT:^H^™t "" -'.'79* 
GROUND B E E F ™ ™ .68*I 
SLICED BACON” ™:: 
99*] 
IT-BON E STEAKnr.” r. 
8168 
CU BE STEAK 
~ :r .........J 188 

I 

•- . ’ 
WM gNBgSS 
U S D A 
CHOICE 

WM? 

FROZEN FOODS 
DON UTS 
59* 
IWITFTF® 
J INO'S-CHICKIN. CHEESE, 
13o7 ti ti 
SAUSAGE . HAMBURGER.PEPPERONI 
PKG.*(|m C 
M EAT POT Pl ES™* st 15* 
PEAS AND CAR ROTS r r r . 4 ^ I 

* * _ 
. . 

HOT TAKE-HOME FOODS 
2n.FRIED CHICKEN 
LIVERS & GIZZARDS lit. MASHED POTATOES lit GOLDEN FRIED OKRA 
1/2 " CREAM GRAVY 
ALL FOR 
ONLY 

■'-sr?-: 

BANQUET WHOLE FRIED 
RETURNABLE SOFT DRINK 
CHICKEN 
COKE . TAB 

-PAC 
I32-oZ 
BOTT. 
PLUS 
DEPOSIT 

-SvJ 
"fj :£j 

 r u n u t n t u 
ETERGENT 

V A N CA M P 
PORK & 
BEANS 

W ISHBO NE LIQUID 
DRESSING 
1 o o o I S L A N D 
I T A L I A N , F R E N C H , 

-w -*> 
FAST, FRIENDLY SERVICE 
AND A TEAM OF COURTEOUS, REGISTERED 
V 
PHARMACISTS MAKE SKAGCS-ALBERTSONS 
; y r 
PHARMACY YOUR BEST PRESCRIPTION 
F/fT ^ 
KEADQQUARTERS. COME IN AND COMPARE OUR V *V 
PRICES. YOU’LL BE PLEASANTLY SURPRISE!! i I 

- r 
FRESH PRODUCE 

FEE CREAMER 
FURNITURE POLISH 

 p p i H 
H 
H b 
CUP O'NOODLES 
COOKIES 

COTTI! AAATf 

JOHNSON* 
(H O M 4 T O W 11 ° 
••••••••••«• FN®. 

MUS MOS 
‘ 
* 
% 
2 U . TIN AS.J7 3 LA TW* W OS 
I I® ▼ 
« « • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • * , ••«•*•••*.«••t m 

H IF MMM® 
4 CHOUN 
*V, o 4 - 
• 
MC®. 

N A 8 U C o C H Q C O I A T I P I N W H E E L S 
»* <*« 
• • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • a * * * * F T O . 

LAVORIS 

GIANT 32 OZ. 
MOUTHWASH 
REFRESHING 
ASTRIGEHT 
TAST! PREFERRED 
BY DENTIST 

LETTUCE 

CALIFORNIA 
ICEBERG 

SOLID H I AOS 
TOU 
G R APEFRU IT. .™ . 
..........4 J I 
POTATOES”":..............................u65 
YELLOW ONIONS " ” - "...........3 
MUSHROOMS “ 
.............:z 69* 
CELERY HEARTS™.*..'."'..............89* 

I 

BAKER Y 
CINNAMON 
ROLLS 
FRIED 
EA. 
PUMPKIN PIES:™.*:..............98* 
CHOCOLATE ECLAIRS ™ . 55*1 
FRENCH BREAD":.-™... 3-.il 
COFFEE CAKES"'"..’.":.::.:....98* 
. . . . 
"Im, , ** 

FRAM DELUXE 
OIL FILTER 

**’ 4 M I 

 ftJB I 

KRAFT CRACKER 
BARREL STICK SNARR 

19-OZ. 
$ I 2 9 
PKG. 

PROTECT YOUR 
ENGINE CHANGE 
YOUR OII ANO 
OIL ERTER 
REGULARLY. 

AMALIE QUART 
MOTOR OIL 

FINEST QUALITY 
CRUDE OR MADE 
BETTER THAN IT 
HAS TO BE!! 
2oW-OR SOW 

L 

MOTO® 
OK 

SUPER SILICONE 
STARBRITE 

TNE SUPER SRI 
CONE CAR POLISH 
THAT CLEANS. 
SHINES, PROTECTS. 
IC OUNCE LIQUID c s ; 

DURABLE STEEL 
CAR BUTLER 

GREAT CAR 
ORGANIZER 
KEEPS CLUTTER 
IN IT S PLACE A 
HOLDS DRINKS 

KRAFT 
KRAFT LONGHORN 
KRAFT MOZZARELLA 
KRAFT CHEESE 
VELVETA 
HALFMOON 
SLICED 
WHIZ-PIAIN i i i . 
$ | 7 9 
PKG. 
J , 
$ I o 9 
PKG. 
JE 
I a 77*1 m 83* 

KRAFT NATURAL 
SWISS SLICED i-OZ. 
PKG. 

M S 

J 

TH RU C O N V EN IIN T 
LO CATIO NS 
• WEST AVENUE AT B U N C O 
H K / 
11743 WIST AV! • 349-5217 
• IH 41o AT BANDERA ROAD 
57o7 BANDERA RD • 644-4852 
• W ALZEM RD. AT MIDCROWN 
5538 WALZEM RO • 656 62oo 
LIM IT KlO W * H U K VTO 
We’re Open 24 

7 Days A 
Week. 
V 

 f 
Wk 

 r 
* 
' " KH 
KS.** rn 

A r i 

Emmylou Harris 

Emmylou Harris has a new album on the m arket and the quality, according to Sunday M ag azin e 
Colum nist Joel M c N a lly , sur­ passes her previous efforts. See 

EXPRESS NEWS 
SUNDAY 
February 2o, 1977 H IH JJH IIIIO 

Cello master 

G ilberto M unguia, a native of 
South Texas, is considered one of the young masters of the cello. 
D avid A nthony R ich elieu te lls you all about it in Classical R e­ 

The Fighting Gamecock 

B> CARLOS CCRN W OLZ 

SPECIAL TC 
JNC AV M A G A Z IN E 

(Icurge Washington and Thomas 
.lelTerson had more than tho presi­ dency m co m m o n 
\ m o n g each m a n s collection ol lax ared pastimes was an occasional xisit to the gaming pit where game cocks fought their deadly duels. 

Tin* founding talliers weren't alone An­ drew .laeksnn is said to lune staged cock­ fights in one room of the VV lilt** House. Aud 
A braham l incoln, w e're told. enjoyed an evening al the lights. 

 today, eoeklights have been outlawed. Hut interest iii breeding lighting gamecocks has not abated. 
Some recent in terest iii t h e b irds was sp a rk ed bv the television version of Alex 

Haley's “ Knots" winch featured a sequence on cockfighting. 
Breeding of the ancient lighting bird is still active in the local area — sometimes for business, sometimes simply as a hobby. 
Recently, a s manx as goo gam ecocks a year were being raised aud sold bv an out- of-county breeder, 
It was not uncommon to sec birds sidling for as much as s .'no < at ic 
Hut money is not Ha univ project. Some breeders raise the cot k- ■ a hobby 
“ I raise the birds sm ip h tor my own satis­ faction.” said San \ntoiuan Bob XI att hey. 
Mat they. an Mr Boree \< ti feels dedicat­ ed breeders keep the game eta k-, from be­ coming “ an endangered species” iii Texas. 
It careful breeding were discontinued, the gamecock breed would fast disappear, he says — adding that raising the birds can be expensive. 
Thousands of dollars may be spent yearly for shots, medication and veterinarian fees. 
F eed alone may cost m o re th an Stint monthly tor some breeders. 

“ They are treated better than most other anim als.” Mid they s a y s of Ins prime roos­ ters 
Facto of fits gamecocks is provided with its own wire cage 
Cockfighting itsell is said to have had its beginning in the Orient. 
It was brought to Fun ope around r> B C. where it gained av id fans under Hie Romans 
Spaniards brought cockfighting with them to tile New World where even today the fight claims a strong following. 
The gamecock is a natural fighter accord­ ing to Matthew 
“ Ile thinks he's king and is witling to die prov ing it ” in fact. Mat they points out. “ b ro th e r" cocks can be raised together from hatchlings* but the time will still come when each has to prov e he is number one 
Once a fight begins, the melee continues until one is dead 
In staged fights, the cocks are matched by weight 
From the moment tliev are waved at each 

 other the cock s Im gin to snap aud pts k 
They are let loose and the lr. Id In gins 
The angry cocks jump t lash, st i alt Ii. flap th eir wings w ildly, fall down ami lum p again. 

Some fights continue only till a winner is declared by a referee J Bus giving a cock fighter a chance to retrieve bis bird 

In order bi even Hie (Mitts, metal purs, or g affs, a r e s o m e tim e s slip p ed over Hie fighters’ natural spurs. 
Pre-light preparation includes cutting the cock's comb and trim m ing the feathers in order to make him a smaller target. tiamecoeks are m assaged and given spe­ cial exercises to form tough skins and to strengthen muscles, 
A lighting bird w eigh s between three aud nine pounds aud is from one to 2-years-old when entered in the t mg 
Hie average \m eriean gamecock weighs aland five jxnnids 
Their colors eau vary from grey to specta­ cular dark shades ol the rainbow 

SPURS are cock’s w eapon 
GAM ECOCK trim and ready 
ROBERT MATTHEY with gam ecock 

A country tune full 
Emmylou Harris: 
Ganges plus one 

Playback 

 v. 

It has occasionally boon pointed out as a flaw in my character that I cannot brink’ my­ self to ira ga-ga over mo­ mentous o\onts like the appearance of a new re­ cord. 
Since my image as a big meanie is very dear to me, it is perhaps true that even if I like an artist's work very much. 
I tend to hold something hack. 
Usually I only go ga. 
It is going to be very difficult not to go ail the way with Kmmylou Har­ ris- new album, “ Luxury 
Liner” (Warner Bros ). 

IT IS not only that M> 
Harris’ new album is several cuts above her first two albums, whirl were merely excellent 
She also has placed on a major national album a song written by Townes 
Van ’/.amit 
W ho could ask for any­ thing more? 
Townes is a singer songwriter who passes through once in a while. 
Ile is the kind that is al­ ways passing through somewhere. 
He leaves small groups of converts behind him everywhere ami many of them never hear of him again. 
Now here is Townes’ 
"Pancho ami 
L e fty " done superbly by Ms. 
Harris. 
It is a gem of a song alimit two dusty deaths. 
Pancho died of gunshots iii the Mexican desert and Lefty is dying of 
Cleveland. Ohio. 
It is the kind of senti­ mental song that usually has to be done with a rough edge to it to avoid becoming parody. Km ­ mylou just does it beau­ tifully, and that works too. 

EM M Y LO IT S conf i deuce "and command of her clear, lovely vocals are increasing at the same time as her Hot 
Hand is developing intl as hot a Hot Band as an yone has ever had fo» supisirt. 
(Hen I). Hardin, uh. played rhythm and blues piano for Elvis Presley for years, has Ix-en with 
Ms Harris for the |m sI couple. 
Newer additions to the backup are guitarist Al­ bert Lee, formerly of 
Head. Hands and Feet, and Mickey Raphael, whose haunting harmon­ ica also can Im* found on the works of William 
Nelson. 
As Ms Harris and her band get better and bet- ter. so d(M**> the selection of material This is the best mix vet of rock songs, folk songs, blues songs and country songs 

IF SH E can’t fbi it all. she can do it most Tile title song, 
"lu x u ry 
Lin er.” drives like freight trains used to 
■‘You’re Supposed To lie 
Feeling Good” softly kills a former lover. ‘T il 
Be You’re San Antone 
Hose” is a saucy bar­ room ballad ’’Cest La 
EMMY LOU HARRIS; S t v w d tuts 

 n o t J 
UfKfSS-ttfWS SUMO AT MAGAZHIf—fob. 2o, 1o77 

By ■Joel M cNally 
V ie " is ( huck Berry good time rock 
The title song and 
“ Silt1” are songs by the late 
Cram 
Parsons. 
More arid more, Parsons is getting the recognition he deserves as a power­ ful influence on rock music. 
One of the reasons for tin- is that Ms. Harris, who sang with him, is around to show us how important he was ll was country music that first paid attention to Ms. Harris. 
And there are country classics here like “ Mak­ ing Believe,” Ira and 
Charlie lauivin’s “ When 
I Stop Dreaming,” and even the “Uh Carter Fa­ mily song, 
“ Hollo 
Stranger.” 
But Emmylou Harris' talent overflows any narrow category of mu­ sic. Come to think of it, I predicted that two years ago when her first alburn was released. 
But then everybody probably inst dismissed it. They just thought I gushed like that over everything 

LAST Christmas there was a recording of “ Jin- gle Bells" around by a pat k of barking dogs. 
More recently there has bt xii a rendition of (llenn 
Miller's immortal “ In 
The Mood” by some singing chic kens 
Then there is Leon 
Redbone. 
Leon, who docs old songs, reminds me of old jokes 
You ever had a las in 
Red bone album before? 
Yep. 
Well, you’ve got one again. 
This olio is "Double 
Time” (Warner Bros.) and oil it Leon asks the musical question “ Diddy 
Wa Diddle?” 
You may have heard that l.enn is a one-note singer 
That is a foul vicious rumor 
That sound coming out of hun in no way resembles a note 
What it resembles more than anything is 

 the phenomenon that oc­ curs when you stick your finger down your throat. 
That is perhaps why some people refer to the 
Leon R ed lin e pheno­ menon 

I.KON is usually con­ tent to let his tuba player, Jonathan Dom, carry the melody. 
This time he aho gets support from some bar- bershoppers, a gospel group called the Dixie 
Hummingbirds and somebody shooting a gun. Whoever it was. apparently they missed because Leon continues to sing. 
Redbone's talents are amply displayed on the likes of 
"N obody’s 
Sweetheart,” “ Shine On. 
Harvest Moon.” "M e ­ lancholy Baby," “ Winin’ 
Boy 
Blues” and 
“ Mississippi 
Delta 
Blues." 
But he really pulls out the stops (this guy has stops9) on “ The Sheik of 
Araby.” The song i> groaned, grunted, gur­ gled. gargled and shrieked. 
Obviously it is Leon's interpretation of 
Lawrence ol Arabia with diaper rash. 

A N O TH ER one of those pleasant-voiced faithful. Parker Mcl’.ee, has popped onto tilt' pop 
(harts with " I lust Can’t 
Say No to You.” 
Actually. McGee has had a song there before, 
It was “ I d Really Livo to See You Tonight,” which was sung by Eng­ land Dan and John Ford 
Coley. 
He gets to step out on his own with the album, 
"Parker McGee” (Big 
Tree). The title of one of the songs "Feather Lite and Honey Smooth," is an accurate review of the album. 

The album is so light that if you lay it down you have to put someth­ ing heuv ier on top of it or it will blow away. A 
Jimmy Osmond album would probably do the trick 
There is really nothing wrong with cliche-ridden music 
Nights are a l­ ways magic. Oirls al­ ways make the sun shine arid fill the sky with rainttows 
I really hope that 
Parker has a real nice lime with his Int, Per­ haps later on. he could form a team with la»bo. 
Remember Lobo? No, not the wonder dog. 

So you want the glamorous lift* of a country music star? 
Then get ready for this tv pc of schedule finish an appearance at 2 a.m.. rise at 7 a til. to play a hit'll school, rehearse all afternoon and lie ready to hit the stage again at « p.m. 
Then when you get up there again be ready to set the house on fire with your talent and wit be­ cau se you’re the enter­ tainment, says Patsy 
Coleman, a woman ready to do what it lakes to make a mark in country music. 

And while P a ts y is fol­ lowing the same hard- work path traveled by female country music s ta rs like Loretta Lynn and D olly Parton, there s big difference in her style and music. 

When Patsy appears with the Beaver Creek 
Hand at the Shadows Club her head isn t topped by the traditional bouffant h aird o 
— which is usually big enough to harbor a small family of birds. 

Also missing are the painted on ruby-red lips and flashy costumes studded with rhines­ tones. And most impor­ tant, the songs Palsy sings are different from the usual "w alk in ’ the floor over you" laments. 
Instead of lim iting herself to singing about how bad her man has been treating her or an affair with the milkman, the denim-clad woman includes songs that poe­ tically describe the na­ tural beauties of the 
Southwest. 
Or sometimes she sings about the "dusty roads and untold stones" described in songs by ta­ lented writers like Billie 
Joe Shaver. 
Patsy’s voice is unmis­ takeably country, but it has a warm huskiness that sets it apart from the usual nasal whining associated with female country singers. 
Brushing back a strand of her loosely-hanging hair, Patsy explains, it’s been a long day that started with the high school assembly and won’t bo over until 2 a.m. when the club closes. 
. And while ber music is more progressive than the usual country sounds, it hasn’t 

 a hanged the way she’s had to go about establishing herself in the country music field. 

The tcit k now she says, 
I*' to expand her local re­ putation as far outside the city\ limits as possi­ ble. 
The 
32-year-old singer hopes to do this with a soon - to - be re­ corded album on the 
Texas Record label. 
There’s only one trou­ ble though; getting a shot at national recognition is a Int like trying to catch a fish bare handed. 
"Ju st when it looks like everything is going great, it slip s away and you’re back where you star ted,’’ she explains 

 and hall laughs while taking a sip from her drink 
“ This work will get you tired. I ll guarantee it." 
Patsy says, but adds with her next breath, musi­ cians get some compen­ sation most people can’t even understand. 
"Sometimes you’ll be in a state of shock you’re so tired and then one of the musicians will play a special lick that gives everybody a certain feeling," she says. 
And when it happens 
Patsy tilts her head back. 

 closes her eyes and her voice wraps itself around the song - creating one of those special moments iluh patrons remember when they go home. 
Obviously its those moments that make all the hours of rehearsal and days lilied with rough schedules xx orth the effort. What else could it be? 
Patsy Coleman arid 
Beaver ( reek play at the 
Shadows Club at 117W1 
VA est Ave. Wednesday through Friday. There is no cover charge. 

 f Cill c. 

She took her first shot al country music IO years in the rough and tumble 
Junction Club which closed in the late HMSO*. 

Following the club’s closing and an unsuccess­ ful recording attempt in 
Nashville, the San An­ tonio native says, " I cann* back here, got dis­ couraged and had babies for four years.” 

But country music wouldn't let go of the mother of three. 

A few years ago she was drawn back to the microphones and fol­ lowing a divorce started working full time with 
Beaver Creek. She’s al­ ready succeeded in es- 
.uvvrruru vs- 
< O U M A V sniper with the I W r r Creek Band. i* currents b*bshmg herself as mo S B S B i i l 
' h*do* m <Jub' 
Axe. Her style mise- the 
»S * 
’•x d 
- ri> U i,,, P r w i r t ***liv c material Ut giie Hotelier* un 

Classical 
Record 
Review 

South Texas’ cello master 

DAVID ANTHONY R K ilt: Ll EU 

San Antonio music lovers have been treated for the past several days to the delightful artistry of young cellist 
Gilberto Munguia. 
Those who have enjoyed the special warmth of his various local perfor­ mances will he excited to know there is a record available of some outstanding pieces played by this rising young 
Mexican-American concert artist from 
South Texas. 
The real excitement on this record is that not only are listeners treated to a new artist in 
Munguia. but to new works as well — including two by women composers. 
Munguia believes “ it is the obligation and privilege of the perform er to present new works. 
“ The challenges and discoveries involved are part of the most rewarding aspects of music making." the young man from Kingsv ille says. 

Munguia's record is aptly titled “ Twentieth 
Century Cello” (Laurel-Protone Stereo LP-13). 
The recording is a showcase of Munguia's own special virtuoso talents as well as the fresh sounds of the avant garde school 
Included too on this disc are delightful pick­ ings from the Hispanic classical repertoire, including “ The Black Swan" by Villa-Lobos, a 
Bach-based prelude by Mexican-styled Manuel 
Ponce and a Spanish suite by Joaquin Nin. 
The Munguia album also includes a piano and cello dialogue by Mareelle de Manziarly which she dedicated to Munguia himself. 
An at-times lively and other times truly ser­ ene piece, this work demonstrates Munguia’s special abilities and the range of his artistic temperament. 
It is really the kind of piece that helps those who may not think they are particularly fond of the cello understand better some of its diverse capabilities and the stunning results when played by someone who fully understands them. 
Another woman composer — .billiard doctoral candidate Victoria Bond — is also represented on this album of diverse works. Her sonata for piano and cello is less sonorous than Madame de 
Manziarty’s. but nevertheless, quite interest­ ing 

Perhaps i i i later recordings. Munguia will present more traditional pieces. 

But tor Biose who have managed to attend one of the several recent performances in San An­ tonio, the record album provides a lingering memory of the beautiful artistry and tone of voting Mr. Munguia and his instrument. 

Perhaps he can return and perform a work with the San Antonio Symphony at a subscrip­ tion concert. 

However high Munguia's star rises in the future, Ins fans should enjoy this new album of this new artist play mg new music. 

The Best of San Antonio 
SUNDAY m agazine* 

KON STRAIT-Editor 

BOX 2171. SA N A N T O N IO , 78797 
225-741 I EXT. 322 
■ION THE COVEMH 

Gam ecocks have tor centuries been a source of making money as well as a hobby requiring some expertise. And raising the fighting roosters is actively pursued in m any parts of the South­ west, including Bexar County. 

TDI/ TTI 
I R f l l .1 
UNUSUAL THINGS TO PO * 
BUY 
ANTONIO 
OUK AREA. 
Pass the Ver de Terre, Please 

 lf you're ever in a restaurnant and see canapes ver de terre on the menu, you might want to think twice about ordering. 
Ver de terre is French for earthworms, and if the 
North Am erican Bait Farms, Inc., (N A B F) has its w ay, someday restaurants will be serving worms. lf you agree that fish shouldn't be the only creatures to dine on earthworms, you might want to enter the contest being sponsored by N A BF and its distributors. 
Lone Star Bait & Ecology Farms in Houston is offering $5o for the best recipe that has worms as its main ingredient. 
The winner will be forw arded to N A B F to compete for a $5oo grand prize. 

Earthworm Recipe Contest/Lone Star Bait 
& 
Ecology 
Farm s/ 
1 1 5 2 7 
Jones 
R d /Houston, Tx 7 7 o 7 o /Deadline April 
2o, 1977. 

R.I.P. 

The only sure things m ay be death and taxes, but most people jre better prepared to fill out their income tax forms than they are for death. 
Death is not just a natural process. It s also a legal and financial process that involves burial, wills, insurance and estates. 
How to make these decisions is covered in "H o w to Prepare for 

Death: A Practical G u id e " by Y affa Draznin. 
In addition to the legal and financial problems involved with a death, the book covers the decisions that must be made when a death in the family is imminent, what to do with a sudden unexpected death, such as an accidental death, suicide or homicide, and how to cope em otionally with death. 
It s not exactly the type of book you'd want to read on a dreary night when you’re in a funk, but it's a book you should read before it s too late. 

How to Prepare (or Death: A Practical Guide / By Va Ha 
Draxnin/Hawtliarn Books/$ 8 .9 5 . 

Blooming 
Hobby 

G row ing orchids used to be the exclusive hobby of devoted horticulturists. 
But according to John 
Dramgoole, orchid growing is a hobby for anyone. 
Dramgoole operates the Country Junction N ur­ sery, which, not unsurprisingly, deals in orchids. 
Actually the store deals in everything involving orchids, including 2o-3o varieties of the plant from around the world, fern balls and slaba to mount them on, and pots, foods, and friendly advice. 
The plants at the store have been selected to be compatible with San Antonio s climate. And the best part is that Dam goole says you can get started for less than $5. 
Orchids/Country Junction Nursery/6 8 o 4 
W est A v e / 3 4 9 - 5 8 2 9 / I o - 5 : 3 o seven days a week. 

••MOTO l< STfVf CAMWU iXPftfSS NEWS SUNDAY MAG A TINI—Mi. 2o,1977 
PAG! 3 

CB Con vac 
,nk DiPPer 

 gdgirds aaxiRD 

EDWARD VALDEZ 
59o3 Forest Ledge 
JOHN M ARSHALL HIGH SCHOOL 
Senior class vice president, student council parliamentarian, Who’s Who 
Among American High School Students, Society of Distinguished 
American High School Students, outstanding math student, ranked fourth in his class of 657 — all these titles apply to Edward Valdez. 
Edward placed second in the district University Interscholastic League number sense contest his sophomore and junior years and third in the regional meet last year, entitling him to compete at the state level. 
Leadership positions include the class steering committee four years, student council representative three years, two years in National Honor 
Society, an officer of the tutoring committee two years, three years in Mu 
Alpha Theta and four years in the Paragon Party including a stint as parliamentarian this year. 
At the Bicentennial Boys’ State, Edward was elected Speaker of the 
Holist*, named an Ambassador of Good Will by Gov. Dolph Briscoe, presented with a gavel by Speaker Billy (’Jayton and named as alternate to Boys’ Nation. 
The son of Mr. and Mrs. O. J. Valdez participates weekly in religious education and services at St. Luke’s Catholic Church. 
He played on school basketball teams his freshman and sophomore years, and has since played on intramural soccer, football and basketball squads. 
Edward’s hobbies are basketball, tennis, mathematics, science and com* puters. 
He would like to study systems engineering or electrical engineering and computer science at either the Massachusetts Institute of Technology or 
Southern Methodist University. He will 

' " 
' 
* " 
■ 
1 
' ■ I ■ 
' * 
| »f i n 11 ' is a ch ie ve m e n ts 
San Antonio for his achievements. 

CONGRATULATIONS... 
IT O :!* ! 

PAG! 4 fXPtfSS-NEWS SUNDAY MAGAZINE— fob. 2o, 1977 

 hARlfoRd baliti presented by 
THEATRE OF THE PERFORMING ARTS 

SUNDAY, MARCH 13 
2:3o P.M. 

The thriving Hartford Ballet, an excellent disciplined and talented group, embraces modern dance and classical ballet with equal enthusiasm. Professional, electric, it is a many-voiced delight. 
Tickets may be purchased at the Ballet Society Box 
Office, Executive Center Kogerama Building. 4438 
Centerview Dr. Zip code 78228. Mail orders ac­ cepted. Telephone 732 81o3 
You may charge to Frost Brothers, Rhodes, Bank- 
Americard or Master Charge. Bus transportation 
, from Alamo Heights National Bank and Wonder land reservaion available at Box Office a i 
I r f I 

__________________________________— 
- A 
M 

CB crime busters 

A ( Brr listen in g to chunnel 19 near Aspen, 
Colorado, might wonder if the world is coming to an end. Out of no place comes a series of weird noises — shrill whistles, deep r u m b lin g s , all thrown in together. Then a \oiee follows: 
“ Breaker one-nine for a Crime Busters alert,” followed by more of the noise. 

Anyone from out of town would be perplexed. 
But a group of Aspen 
( Bors would know what to do. They would switch to channel 9 and wait for the local police depart­ ment dispatcher to give them instructions. 
The judice in the small resort town have found that ( B els arc* an inva­ luable source of infor­ mation. They're every­ where. Hundreds of eyes in the community. Peo­ ple* who tan spot stolen c ars. lost c hildren or an­ u b in g else the police need help iii locating. 
Michael Chandler, an 
Aspen police detective, recognized this trem en­ d o u s res o u r c e and tunned the CB Crime 
Busters. The jumble of noises are so unique that no one could duplicate them, so that there is in* chance for a hoax. 
“ I wanted to have so- met lung different so not inst anyone would get on the CB and tall a Crime 

B u ster s a ler t, sa y s 
Chandler. “So I prepared a recording of certain em ergency sounds and 

 auncel ii lo an announce­ ment that the CB ( rime 

Come hear the mellow pop sounds of 
Christy Minstrels. The world famous group combines the best of the contemporary and pop sounds to create a unique new music of their own. Come early and enjoy a delicious buffet from 5:3o to 8:oo. Showtime’s at 8:45 with dancing before and after the show. Admission for the show is just $6 per person. See for yourself why “The Best Country Club in Town” is becoming "The Home of the Big Stars” 
Hurtle Creek 
Country Club 

For reservations and more information Call 
“The Best Country Club in Town" 6% -56uo 

Snow machines at w ork 
Around the World 
Sun Valley, Idaho 
Skiers call this “ the country club of ski re­ sorts.” It's a little more middle class than it was in 1941 when Sonja Heme 

 and (llenn Miller starred in “ Sun Valley Seren­ ade." 
Hut they still tuck a blanket around you when you set in the chair lift. 

6th Annual 

BANQUET N A U 
THIS WEDNESDAY 
EEB 23 
Mi 
JAM & JELLY GENERAL STORE* ARENA BOX 
OFFICE 
6.5o plus S /C Each Seat, at tables of I IO 
GOOD TICKETS AVAILABLE 
B .Y .O .R .— 
B e e r A S e t - U p s A v a i l a b l e 

* * ■ft'k A ★ * * * » * » » * * 
A A A A A - A * a J : 

And Ernest Iteming- wav wrote “ For Whom 
The Bell Tolls" in room 
2o6 at the Lodge. 
Averell Harriman built the place in the tnid- 
Thirties as a passenger builder for his I ’nion 
Pacific railroad. 

He thought the nearbv town of Ketchum (pop 
27oo — IO,(KHI in ski sea­ son) was not bright en­ ough. 

So he hired the legen­ dary IAR. advisor Steve 
Hannagan who named it 
Sun Valiev. 

“ This is one city w here roughing it must be a luxury,” said Hannagan. 

Bill .lanss owns Sun 
Valley now. Folks ar­ ound here thought lie needed his head exa­ mined vv hen he put i i i 
$8oo,ooo worth of artifi­ cial snowmaking equip­ ment. 

It paid off this year.' 

Business is down one half, but restaurants and shops have been able to stay alive while most 
Western ski resorts had an unparalleled disaster. 
No snow 

_ We’ve been watching it snow in bright sunshine. 
Whoooosh! 
That’s what the lawn sprinkler snow- maker sounds like. The 

|CUP and SAVE j 
NEED A BAND? 
SCHOOK, a UK, HUTS, SOftOKITIIS DIMITS, FAKIH! t WI DOINGS 

 f 
I l f 
A . 
M T THOMAS M H IM O N CMU V I 
I f U 
V I A 
M N ANTONIO. T M M T H U 
M IO N I 1 1 3 / 1 3 4 - 3 3 6 7 « r 7 3 1 - S I 2 9 

UJVRttCAfCURIflS 

SUNDAY 
BAKED HAM 

TOPPED WITH FRUIT SAUCE AND 

SERVED 
*1 

WITH TWO VEGETABLES 
II 7’ 

MONDAY 
CHARBROILED CHOPPETTE 

SERVED WITH TWO VEGETABLES 
I 55 

YUKSOAY 
PAN FRIED STEAK 
- 

W/GRAVY AND TWO VEGETABLES 
| 7° 

WIDNCSDAY 
MEXICAN DINNER 

TWO ENCHILADAS WITH CHILI, FRIED 
9 

RICE, BEANS, TORTILLA ANO HOT SAUCE 
Il 45 

THURBDAY 
STUFFED BELL PEPPER 

W/CREoLE SAUCE AND TWO 
9 

VEGETABLES 
I 45 

FRIDAY 
SEAFOOD PLATTER 

2 TRIED FISH STICKS, 2 FRIED SHRIMP, 2 FRIED 

CRAB ROHS, HUSH PUPPIES, FRENCH FRIES AND 
I 9 5 

TARTAR SAUCE 
I 

SATURDAY 
CHICKEN AND DUMPLINGS 

SERVED WITH TWO VEGETABLES 
I 
55 

© 

C H IL D 'S P L A T I 
.84 

UJUfitt CflfCtCRIRS 

D a n (lo o k ... H i* C o lu m n (ioen 

H c v o i h I tin* H e ad lin e to the 

H eart o f tile Sto ry. 

Every D ay in The N ew s 

LAS 
VEGAS 
Round trip air 
3 Nights Hotel. 

( 8 D if f e r e n t C h o k e s ) 
AIRPORT TRANSFERS 
RAMAGE TIPS starting at 
*199N 
HANAN 
Round trip air 
7 Nights Waikiki 
Airport transfers 
Sightseeing tours 
Baggage tips 
$ 4 2 6 .7 7 
2 ISLAND TOUR 
•5 3 8” 

3 ISLAND TOUR 
‘57 8" 

CRUISES 

Many to choose From 
— Casinos on board, 
Nightly Shows 

Free Brochures 
Tex. TOU FREE 
I-8oo-292-72o4 
IN SAN ANTONIO 

8 2 4 - 1 4 1 2 
COSMOS 
TOURS 
6838 San Pedro 
Sari Antonio 78216 

By STAN DELAPLANE 

 snow conics out in a fine mist. 
Its sprayed nut of fire nuzzles spotted on Mt. 
Baldy up to the 22oo-foot line. Under the boards it's like the real stuff 
Light and fluffy. 

“ Ifs more durable.” says Chuck (diner who gives ski lessons. 
He has some interest­ ing teaching theories 

See 
Snow machines. 
Page ti 

Didn't Make it to 
New Orleans for 
Mardi aras ? 

 includes our 

Soup & Salad 

Bar and 

Baked Potato ss? 

(s p e c ia l p ric e 
S unday only — reg u lar m enu p ric e — $7 95) 

OPEN FROM 5 P M 

111 N W Loop • San Antonio 
Phone: 349-24o7 

Then come celebrate with us on 
Tuesday, February 22. Drinks will be two for the price of one all day long. 

 g p w 

2617 Wagon wh»«l. off Nacogdoches and 41o 
828-5726 

North Star Mall 
FESTIVAL OF FING ARTS 

ENDS SA T U R D A Y 26TH 

2nd Semi Annual Invitational Artists' Tour 

Come to North Star Mall Feb. 16 thru 26 and enjoy a festival of 

 fine arts throughout the Mall. Artists and craftspersons from all over the U.S will display, and have on sale, their works along with a tre­ mendous participation of Texas artists. Oils, watercolor, pottery, jewelry, metal sculpture, photography, and woodcarving just to give you an example of the variety of media and talent there! 

EXPRESS NEWS SUNDAY MAGAZINE- N L 2o, 1977 
FAGE S 

Snow machines 

Drawn, it would seem , from Zen and T ran scen ­ dental Meditation. 
He's an Idaho potato farm er in the s u m m er. A ski i n s t r u c t o r in th e w inter. He got into it when he was a Stanford 
Student in the Sixties 
"Visualize y o u r s e lf s w e e p in g do w n th e 
W arm S p rin g s ru n in g r a c e f u l 
‘S' t u r n s . 
Smile! Whistle! H um so­ 

 m ething. Pick a soothing word and keep saying it over and over to vour- scir," 
"L ike a m a n tr a ? " 
" T h a t's right. Tho idol is to relax Let your bod> la- soft and supple. Don't be tense. .Just let it hap ­ pen." 
So we slid down into a s p e c t a c u l a r 
‘‘e g g ­ b eater." 
(OK, P re sid e n t F o rd fell down, too.) 
Room at the Lodge w ill 

 cost you $3o a day. Lift ticket, $11. Five days of group in stru ctio n , $43. 
My round-trip air ticket from San F ran cisco on 
Hughes Air West, $132. 
Airlines fly into Twin 
F a l ls , tw o b u s h o u r s away. 
W hat Sun Valley for­ gets to tell you is you can fly o v e r in an e ig h t- sealer of Ke> Air. Tell your travel agent to book a place for you. It seem s to be a local secret so he 

 m ay have to look it up. 
"W hat s the best place for t e e n - a g e r s to go skiin g ?" 
Snow seem s to lie liest in Michigan and Quebec rig h t now . 
T h o u g h 
Squaw Valley in Califor­ nia s a y s t h e y ’ve got plenty of snow . 
It’s not the place so m uch as HOW you do it 
- a n d 
I ’m s u r e you lean the cheapest place 
) ski 
The "ski b u m s " on Hie 

 sh o rts say: "(let* so m e­ body with a van. Even rent one with other peo­ ple. Don’t pay money for rooms! 
" T a k e a sm a ll Cole­ man cam p stove and do your own cooking. 
"D rin k juice iii your van and eat hot cereal at 

 o S t 
I the Lodge. (Tip. Put the c an of ju ic e in y o u r sleeping bag at night or it w ill fre e z e u p on 

N O U .J" 
"T ak e your show ers in the dormitory accom m o­ d a tio n s . N obody a s k s whether you have a room there. 

; i Sd*, 
'' Ex cry body's welcome at night in the Lodge and this is w here you meet the foxy crowd. You can nurse one beer all night. 
Especially if you take a couple of cans of your own in your coat pock­ et." 

HAWAII 77... FEEL THE MAGIC 
Hawaiian Hospitality Tours 
?473 

Total price 
♦rom San Antonio 

From 

• Frequent one week and two week tours available 
• Featuring group travel rates with Individual attention 
• Choose one week (one or three islands) or two weeks (lour islands) 
• Choice of fam ous hotels 
• Price Includes Braniff 747 non stop from Dallas/Ft Worth and connecting flight from your city 

See your travel agent tor all Trade Wind Tours to Hawaii. Mexico and the Orient. 
TRADE WIND TOURS OF HAWAII 

T alL736- 4 6 

SP A IN 
CH ARTER 
$779 

♦»om 

Hou* fob 

Go with AAA SefJl 27 on a 16- day tour of Madrid. Seville and the Costa del Sol Price includes round trip air. first- class hotels, breakfasts daily, sightseeing and mote 

 w o r l d 
WIDE hovel Openly 

3 2 3 S p en cer la n e D 

T a i l 7 3 6 4691 
EUROPE 
CHARTER 
$985 

Go with AAA August 19 on a carefree 16 day tour of three furopean capitals 
Amster dam Brussels and Paris Price includes round trip air, first class hotels, continental breakfast daily, sightseeing and more 

W O R L D 
W I D E h o v e l o g e n i y 

3 2 3 S p e n c e r Lone 

ALASKA 
CRUISE-TOUR 
( h i 
- y * y r Son Antonio 

 from 
I , / / 3 Oviwhn* 
Go with AAA June 27 on » 13 day cru ise tour ot America s last frontier Cruise the Inside Passage aboard the luxurious HS M onarch 
Star.* then visit Whitehorse 
Fairbanks. Kotzebue Bay Nome and Glacier Bay Price includes transportation, first-class hotels sightseeing and all meals aboard ship 
•Panamanian .nfi.i , 

W O R L D 
WIDE i. o. tI o i m i ) 
J 

3 2 3 Spencer Lone 

* 3 3 * ° 

* 7 2 * o 

 per person. double occupancy 

♦ per person, double occupancy 

Guadalajara 
4 days/3 nights, plus airfare, from 
Guadalajara/Puerto Val (ar ta 
8 days/7 nights, plus airfare, from 

 lf you want to see the real Mexico, we’ve got the best tours going. To Guadalajara, the home of the mariachis, and the most Mexican city in Mexico We give you tour days to take it all in, with three nights at the Hotel Fenix. And at these prices, you can afford to see a lot more. So take our tour to Puerto Vailarta, too. And we ll g i\e you hair nights at the Hacienda del Lobo. At the lowest price going. And on both tours, you get welcome cocktails, full breakfasts every day, sightseeing, nignt club cover charges, and more. Another big extra: when you fly with us, th eres no added airfare for the stopover in Guadalajara. 
S i see your travel agent. Send us this coupon. Or call HOO 421 83o1, toll free, for I enervations. And get going yours*-lf. 

Mexican.! Airlines, LII N St. M ary’s, San Antonin, TX 782o5. 

I ii like to get going myself. Send me more information about your tours. 
□ To Guadalajara 
T o t k l o o f , i i s m x i h f m o 
□ 
To Guadalajara. Puerto Vailarta 
T o t k l o o f 1T 6 M X I H F M o 

Name 

City 

My travel agent iv 

Address 

State.'Zip 
-..f»bt»ne 
^ 

’ Special promotional prices effective thru 2-28 . 
‘ SAC 2 2o 
Fly Mexicana to Mexico. For the best tours going. 

 m i 

The airline most people fly to Mexico. 

PAG! 6 
IXPMSS NfWS SUNDAY MAGA ZINI— Feb. 2o, 1977 

Trust Tramways to your vacation seriously, you can take it easy. 

With ‘25 years of experience, Trailvvays knows what makes a great escorted tour— a professionally planned itinerary, outstanding accommodations, and a friendly, knowledgeable escort. Trust Tramways. We’re the travel experts. 

I I I III I I 
I 
I 

Check the tours that interest you and mail with this coupon to the address below. 
I 

- N A M E _______________________ 
ADDRESS 
— 
------------------------- 

CITY. 
I 

| 
A«rn. •#C o rn e r. 1*1 
Tour*. lac/to ilw ay * 
Uu„mu t 

_ 3o1 B roadw ay 
San A ntonio, TX 782o5 
(512) 226-3o53 

1. □ Natchez P ilgrim age/E vangeline Country—ti days M arch 21. 
Includes New Orleans, antebellum homes. 
2. LJ W ashington, W illiam sburg Ai the South—17 days April 2 Fea- lures Disney World, Charleston. W illiam sburg. W ashington. 
•L I—I Pacific Northwest/Canadian R ockies—22 days Four s u m m e r d epartures. Highlights Banff, Vancouver. G rand Tetons 
I. LJ M exico—14 days. Monthly S A. d ep artu res. Includes Mexico 
City, Acapulco, Taxco. 
□ Western Treasures— lf) days Ju n e ll: July 3o F eatu res 
Yosemite. San Francisco, Disneyland. t». LJ Eastern Canada/New England—22 days .lune ll; July IU. 
Highlights Thousand Islands. Montreal, Quebec. 
7- LJ Y ellow stone/T ctons/B laik H ills—14 days 
June 25; July 3o. 
Includes Mi. R ushm ere, Royal Gorge, Aspen. 
H. U Nova Scotia—22 days .July 23. F eatu res Halifax, B ar H arbor, 
New England. 
H. LJ Eastern Canada Fall Foliage—2d days. S eptem ber 17 
Highlights Nova Scotia. Quebec. M ontreal 
HI. LJ New England Fall Foliage—I!) days. S eptem ber 24 & 25; 
— October I & I Includes N iagara Fulls, Boston, Sturbridge. 
II. LJ Ozark/Smoky Mountain Autumn—9 days. O ctober 15. F e a tu re s fall foliage, bluegrass country. G rand Ole Opry. 
12. L J (.Olden W est-17 days June 5; July 3 & 17 Highlights C arlsbad 
( averns, Disneyland, luis Vegas. 
13. LJ New England/E astern Canada—Juno ll J u h 2 A 23 Includes 
Jam estow n, Mount Vernon. Statue of Liberty. 

STATE 
Contact your IVavei Agent or 
Jrallways 

CB crime fighters 

From Page I 

B usier base was on the a ir .” 
T h e b a s e sta tio n is operated In the police radio dispatch er at po­ lice h e a d q u a r t e r s , 
( h a n d l e r w as a b le to p e r s u a d e a 
(Ti m anufacturer to donate six mobile units and a 

 base station to the police d e p a r t m e n t . 
T h e six m o b ile u n its w ere in ­ stalled in the department prowl cars (front-wheel drive, foreign c ar s that are handy in snow and lect 
( handler will tell you a IWM t all that to point up the fact that the program has cost only the amount ut printing up form s and 
K lH O l'K 

■(ARTERS 

Low Cost Spring & Summer Charters 
( 

Air Fare Only 
Two W eek Stay h J497 

For Example: Round Trip London 

MAKE RESERVATIONS N O W I 
For More Information On Other 
Charters Call: (512) 828-81o1 
World Travel 

( t e n t e d 
53o8 BROADWAY 

SAN ANTONIO, TUAS 782o9 
828-81o1 

A ,*** 

American Expfcw Company. o 7 6 
|‘%steattf Europe. 
American Express brings it to life. 

Alpine and Rhine 
22 Days, 1841" 199o 
Include* round-trip air fare I'rom San 
\ulonio. Bn jot \m *terdani. a il-niglil 
Rhine Bruise, aud then the Alpine hcaiilx of Austria. Swil/erland. Italy. Fir*t*cla*w hotel* for IT night*, escort. ino*l meal' 
— es rn regional specialties. Rate* per l»rr*oii. double occupancy. lA-day advance hooking. 

 a p a m p h le t g iv e n to 
Crime B usters 
Joining the program is free — all the ('B er has to do is part ment 

The p rogram is, apis a * t few m o n th s o ld . so register his name, call letters, address and CB handle at the police de- 
Chandler has no sta tis­ tics to show how well i f s w o rk in g . 
But he can point to cases of Crime 

 and they lu n e also r e ­ ported tights, drunken d r iv e r s and m e d ic a l emergencies. 

T h e p r o g r a m h a s draw n atten tio n fro m other pollee departm ents 

 it. 

Chandler sa y s that the key to the program is the s im p le ’ a p p ro a c h 
T h e 
( B o r s do not m a k e scheduled patrols. They univ listen for an alert 

 pen 
I ne po the ( B o r s that tiles are at no time' to b e c o m e d i m tis m s o h cd iii a police m a tte r. 

They are e y e s for the police. And ti l e s ’re all os er toss ti 

For more information come in or call 

W M K 

A D D R E S S c m 

STATE______________ 
.RENNERT WORLD TRAVEL, INC. 

3 4 9 -2 7 6 1 

THE HAWAII 
VACATION y o u DON'T HAVE 
AIT FOR. 

LLAVE SA N A N TO N IO 
I VAI LY AT 11.OO A .M ., ARRIX' 
IN HONO LULU AT 5:15 PM . BY 
C O N N ECTIN G IN DALLAS-FORT 
NX'ORT 11 TO TH L ONLY I )A 11Y 747 
NON -STOP TO 11 AWA 11 FROM 
THE SO U TH W EST 

Waiting for you are the warm sun, the sea and the sand of a w hole glorious string of tropical islands. 
Yours to choose from right note. 

TAKE YOUR NO-W AITING 
HAWAIIAN VACATION N O W -W IT H Jl-A -D A Y 'FLY IN G C O LO R S TRAVEL CREDIT. 

Any air travel or vacation package that includes at least one Braniff flight qualifies for Flying Colors Travel 
Credit. You can finance up to $829 over 36 months and pay no more than $l-a-day or $3o a month. Your deferred payment price would be $1,o8o (36 monthly payments of $3o) including the finance charge computed at an annual percentage rate of 18% where authorized by state law. There’s no required down payment and first payment is not due for 3o to 45 days. Lesser amounts of travel money can be repaid s<x>ner at $l-a-day or at less than $l-a-day. Larger amounts are available at higher repayment rates. This new travel credit service is provided at Braniff’s request exclusively through authorized travel agents in all states (except Alaska, Arkansas, Maine, Vermont) by Associates 
Financial Services. Travel agents can approve immediately many credit applications up to $75o. 

CH O O SE THE 11 AWA! I FLYING CO LO R S VACATION 
FOR YOUR BUDGET. Consult your travel agent or Braniff office for further information on Braniff s Vacations with Flying 
Colors to Hawaii fur $l-a-day. Or mail the coupon below. 
Braniff International 
Flying Colors-Room 9o8 
PO. Box 35oo1, Dallas, Texas 75235 
Pie ase send me more information on your I lawau Vacations with Flying Colors: 

HAWAIIAN HOSPITALITY HOLIDAY, u t h i u h r n n a ; . c c 

□ 
$ 
4 
7 
3 
- $ 
6 
6 l including air fare 
8 days, I or 3 inlands (Oahu, Main, Hawaii), with hotel and many extras. 

THE ROYAL O RCH ID, ll I . H N I H I U >11) 

BRANIFF—THE ONLY DAILY 
747 N O N-STO P FROM 
DALLAS-FORT WORTH - 
THE SM O O TH SO U TH ERN 
ROUTE TO HO NO LULU 

□ 
$ 
8 
2 
9 including air fan.* 

14 days, 4 islands (Maul, Hawaii, Oahu, Kauai). Price includes hotel, comprehensive sightseeing, inter-island air fares and int xe. 

FLY A N D DRIVE VACATION, girns in. • . «» 
*. 

□ 
$ 
5 
5 
5 
4 
6 
8 
1 including air fare 

7 days, with hotel, lei greeting, rental car with unlimited mileage, taxes and liability insurance. 
Prices per person, double occupancy (single accommodations higher) —range depending on day of departure or hotel chosen. 
Subject to change. Some ti sirs have fixed departure date* and group travel requirements. Your travel agent or Braniff have all the details and will arrange for yixir inclusion iii a gnaip. s V1 ( 

Connect Br.miff to Braniff and enjoy our Surfer Room ar 
Dallas-Ft>rt Worth, offering com ­ plimentary coffee and fruit juices, exclusively to Hawaii passengers; then hoard our 747 non-stop and avoid West Coast delays, weather problems, changes of airlines or terminals. 
CA BIN SERVICE BEYOND 
THE EXPECTED. Braniff offers coach passengers a choice of en­ trees, complimentary French wine, spacious lounge with stand-up bar, wing hack chairs-and at minimal cost, wide-screen movies and multi-channel stereo. 

FOR RESERVATIONS C A I L 
YOUR TRAVEI A G EN T OR 
BRANIFF AT 224-4941 
. . . 2 4 H O U RS A DAY. 
NAME _ 

A D D RESS. 

C I T Y _ 
.STATE 
-ZIP. 

NAM E OF YOUR TRAVEL AGENCY 
BRAM IFF 

W I M M Mi I* CKK M Cl I 
I KIM 11 I MC I KMT* 
TO HAWAII WITH FLYING COLORS 

EXPtfSS NEWS SUNDAY MAGAZINE— fob. 2o, 19/7 
PAGE 7 

Calling your film 

 b y its first na m e 

"O h yes! And lot nu* have a roll of film .” 'I'ho d ru gstore film buyer strike s attain. 

Tin1 clerk counters with "M ack and white or color? What si/e? Twelve, twenty or thirt.\-si\ exposures?” 

Looks like a communication problem . with both parties speaking different languages. 

Film i s made i i i many s i z e s , lengths and 

 e m u l s i o n s To add t o I l a * confusion, five or s o major manufacturers and twenty or s o lesser known companies produce film usable i i i almost all cameras. 

I N D ER I I H \ in t n t I l l b u l. ii. .- rood!- lio n s, su ch as this w here a sp o n ta n e o u s, out* d o o r p o rtra it w a- ligh te d bv a -in gle 7 5-w all h ulh. the lu in ilia r. e v e ryd ay lllu i -e r\e » best. b illie K o d a k R e c o r d in g F ilm w ou ld he lilt* re c o m m e n d e d e m u lsio n fo r th is situ a tio n , 
K o d a k T r i - \ cu m c th ro u g h like un oh l fro nd. 

MGC • fXPMSS-NtWS SUNDAY MAGAZINE— fob. 2o. 1977 

Photo Tips 

--VMM* 

(And you thought choosing the right wine was difficult. . 
Film makers go to -real lengths to insure tin consistancv of a particular emulsion from roll to roll Kach roll of Super Mat/chrome emulsion type 154/./. must record every conceivable colin in exactly the same way year after year 

IO M XKK XN XLK KADY tough lob almost impossible for the Blat/ ('orporation. the film must react with similar fidelity to home or si iii» 11 lab processing where chemicals may b t improperly mixed or used past exhaustion. 

All of this finality control inst so old dona dummy can walk up to a drug store counter, with his ear hanging out. and ask for "A roll ol film.'' 

I'm often asked what type of film I used to take a certain picture. 

Like most photojournalists. I use Kodak Tri-.\ for black and white. Kodacolor II for color print and High SjkhxI Kktachrome for color reversal or slide. 

Tills IS NOT A statement of quality. This does not mean other emulsions are not better for specific purposes. 

It is more than conceivable that some emul­ sions, packed in other than the familiar yellow 
!>ox. arc better in some ways Who knows? 

But a person who makes a living in photo­ graphy must know and trust his film like Miss 
Prudence Pimpleton trusts her rabbit. 

For tun. when my reputation and pay check doesn t depend on results. I try different types of film. Playing with Ilford's tonality. Agfach- rome s bright golds and Panatomic s unbelie­ vable resolution is fun; but when results are critical, familiarity pays off 

Kastman Kodak s phasing out of Kktachrome 
F-4. and its switch to K H, is causing some problems in the professional world Apparently the new emulsion is every bit as good as old 
Kktachrome tint it is new No one has yet developed lull trust iii the newcomer 

BKI BKK I < XLI. this new film my friend. I will test it under every conceivable condition I want to know exactly what it will do when I lean 
OII it. 

Photography is a set of variables. 

Light, background and subjects are difficult variables to control. Cameras, film aud pro­ 

 c e s s i n g should be consistnnt or photography becomes an uneont rulable guess 

Ptek a type and make of film and stick with it 
This is the easiest path to reliable pictures 

An all-purpose black and white film, such as 
Tri-X will do almost anything if the photo­ grapher knows how to ask Bv becoming com­ pletely familiar and a good friend of this film, I nave found that in difficult situations, it won t let me down. 

Asking for "a roll of film” is Uke calling my wife "w hat s her face!” 

Next time you go for film. know what you want and make sure it s an old friend. 

Ask for a roll of Charlie! 

 f tn 

224 4464 
G ov 9os and R o o fin g 
2os so n gs and sn its a lo n g with a m e lo dram a spool 
T h rou gh Feh 
. 2o, Tri 8. Sat at 8: 15 $3.5o Sun 
Al 6 15 $2 S3 

O P E M W i 

W E D 
S P I R A L 
S T A I R C A S E , 
H a rle q uin D inner I heater 
B ld g 
2^52. 
H a rtle y 
R d , 
Ft 
S a m 
H ou ston 
22) 2186 
M y s te r y so spense d ra m a 
Wed Sot through 
M a r 
IV 
Buffet ct 7. show at 
8:15 
W ed 8. Thor $6.6o. F ri 8, 
Sat $7, R e se rv a tio n s 
W E D 
T H E D I A R Y OF A N N E 
F R A N K , 
Son 
A n to n io 
C on p ge 
M cA le ste r Aud. 734 731 ). ext 393. 
Jew ish fam ily hid in g out from the N a zis 
T h rou gh Sat At 7:15, 
SI $2 
T H U R 
C O M E 
B L O W 
Y O U R 
H O R N . 
T h e a te r 
Sa n 
A n ton io. 
735 6922. 
Neil 
S im o n s com edy about a yo u n g m a n cutting ioose. 
Th rou gh Sun and M o r 4 & 5 At 
8 .1 5 e x c e p t 
S u n a t 
2 3 o 
$7 5o 54 5o except o pe n in g p e r­ ter m o nte $2, a nd $3 SO on Sun 
F R I 
G O D S P E L L . 
St 
A n d rew s M e th o d ist C h u rc h , Fe l low ship HOH, 722 R o b in hood Place. 
824 2465. 
M u sic a l about 
Christ. 
T h r o u a h n e x t 
S u n . 
D i n n e r theater 
C a ll for buffet tim e 
Show at 7 Fri. I 3o Sot 'd e sse rt only), 6 3o next Sun 
F r i 8, next 
Sun $2 5o 8. $3 5o, Sot $1 SO. 
S A T 
P U P P E T 
S H O W , 
Sa n 
Antonio Fin e A rts Center, 3145 
N a c o g d o c h e s. 
653 7241 
K id s ' show 
At 2. $1 25 $ I 5o, $1 gro u p rate 
N E X T 
S U N 
T H E 
B L O O D Y 
M I S T E R 
H Y D E , 
R iv e r 
C ity 
Theater, 
Son 
A ntonio C ountry, 
1122 
N 
St. 
M a r y s. 
732 8385. 
M u sica l b ased on 
D r 
Je k yll and 
M r 
H y d e p resen te d bv 
M a g ic k 
Theo ter T o u rin g C om iXiny 
Sun Tuc thro ug h M a r 15. 
At 8 C all tor prices. 

Cf H H P M r n t i T F R 

F E B 
2 4 16 
O N C E 
U P O N 
A 
M A T T R E S S . F o rt Sa m H ouston 
P la yh o u se W orth Rd , Fo rt So m 
H o u s t o n , 
7 2 1 -2 2 8 9 
M u s i c a l com edy h o se d on 
The P rin c e ss and the P e a 
W ed Sot thro ug h 
M ar 
5 At 8 15 S3 
F E B IO, 25-27 
T H E A D V E N ­ 
T U R E S OF B R E R R A B B I T . St 
M a r y s 
U n iv e rs ity . 
S h o e st rin g 
Cellar. 436 3619 or 416 31o5. C h il­ dren s play At 8 7 JO except Sot 
& Sun at 7 3o 75 cents $1 
F E B IO, 22-27 
A N I N S P E C ­ 
T O R 
C A L L S . 
T h e 
C h u r c h 
T h e a te r 
115o 
S 
A la m o at 
W ickes, 224 4o85 
A m yste rio u s inspector inve stigates the suicide of a yo u n g g irl im plicatin g o respectable fam ily. O p e ns at 
6 JO buffet al 7, show af 8 IS, show without buffet at 3 p m. 
Sun Tues I h o rs $7 95. F r i 8. Sat 
$8 9S. Su n $4 ITO or m o re $3 5o; 
4o or m a re $3 on Sun.) F re e w ine a n d cheese on Sun. 
F E B 
2o. 
25-27: 
G A S L I G H T 
G A I E T I E S , 
A n 
O ld F a s h io n e d 
M e lo d ra m a E v e n in g M e lo d ra m a 
T h e a t e r . 
H e m i s F a i r 
P la z a . 

S U N 
B E N E F I T 
C O N C E R T 
B Y 
T H E 
S A N 
A N T O N I O 
C H A M B E R 
O R C H E S T R A 
S o lo is t s 
K a r e n S c H le m m c r 
Toland. 
F lu tist, a n d 
E u g e n e 
R o w ley, p ic n ist 
U n d e r the direction of Terence r razo r 
U T 
Heolth a c r it e C e n t e r A u d itor turn, 6vu 64 ?I 
At J. A d u lts $3, students SI 
S U N 
T R I N I T Y 
C H O I R 
IN 
C O N C E R T 
W I T H 
G I L B E R T O 
M U N G U I A , M B P a rk e r Chape! 
Trinity U niversity. Af 4 
Fre e 
S U N 
O P E N H O U S E , C a r v e l 
C om m unity C ultural Center, 2?C 
N H a ck b e rry, 223 6861 M u sic by 
San Antonio College M a ria c h is. 
Cellist. 
G iiberto M u n g u io : 
The 
Donald 
B e d fo rd 
Chorale. 
4 8 
Free 
S U N : 
O R G A N 
R E C I T A L , 
E m a n u e l's 
L u t h e r a n 
C h u rc h . 
Seguin. M a ry E sth e r O rth per f o r m in g 
B u x t e h u d e . 
B o o n . 
Fra n ck and Raison. At 7 
F re e 
M O N & T U E S: S A N A N T O N I O 
S Y M P H O N Y , 
225 6161 
G u e st conductor John N elson E x c e rp ts from 
The D a m n atio n of Faust, 
M o z a rt's 
Sym p h o n y No. 33 in B 
F ia t 
M o t o r , 
S t r o v i n s k v s 
P etrou chko 
M o n at 
7 3o of 
L a u rie 
A u d 
Tu es a1 
8 3o at 
Theoter tor the P e rfo rm in g A rts 
$3 $6.5o. 
M O N 
H O U S T O N 
S V M 
P H O N Y , Southw est T e x a s State 
U n iv e rs it y . 
E v e rts 
A u d , 
S a n 
M a rc o s 
L a w re n ce Foster con- d u c tin g 
C o p la n d 's 
E l 
S a lo n 
M e x ic o . '- V illa L o b o s 
F a n fa sic, 
F o lio s 
Th e T h re e C o r tiered H a t,'' T c h a ik o v sk y s Sv m phony N o 4 in I M in o r, Up. 36 
A1 8 $2-53 
W E D : 
F L A S H 
C A D I L L A C 
A N D 
T H E 
C O N T I N E N T A L 
K I D S Convention Center Ban qu e t 
H all 828 6351 
5os rock 'n ’ roll a nd beer 
At 8 
Tickets at J a m & 
Jelly G en eral Store and A re n a box office 
$6 5o p lus se rv ic e c h a rge for se ating at tables ot 
IO. 

M > s i b I t ) . 
" X i i Iii- 
- p c c l o r I all-."* I’e a - 
I ii re-- M a r i a n n a Blaz e al 
I h r 
( Ii ii im-Ii 
T h cu tre r. S im* S t a g e in tin- Xrt- ( ah-iulnr. 

 a n d 
T h is 
P o r p e r t v 
Is 
C o n dem ned 
At 8. Cull for p ric e s 
N E X T 
S U N 
G I S E L L E , 
Son 
A n ton io 
B o u e t 
C o , in c a rn a te 
W ord C ollege A u d At 3 $2.5o-54 
S U N A P E B 28 
I U I S R I V E R A 
S P A N I S H 
D A N C E 
C O M P A N Y . 
With the 
Sa n 
A n to n io 
S v m phony, Theoter for the P e rfo rm m g 
A r t s 
Su n at 
7 3o 
F re e p e rfo rm an ce . 
M o n at 
9:25 
& 
IO 45 a rn e le m en ta ry student concert A d ults $1.5o, c h ild ren 75 cents 

S U N 
R A Y M O N D 
J O H N S O N 
D A N C E 
C O M P A N Y , 
( or i f f 
C om m u n ity C ultura l Center. 726 
N 
H a ck b e rry. 
223 6861. 
F r i 
& 
Sat at 7 3o Sun at 2. F re e 
T U E S 
B A L L E T F O L K , K e rr vide 
M u n icip a l 
Aud, 
K errville . 
1 896 2166. 
1896 2199 
T aron te l la , " 
’ S o n g s , " 
’ E rn e 
K le m e 
S tra u ss m u s ik ," 
P e lle o s a nd 
M e n sa n d e ' " A F ra n k lin A d age 

S U N : W H Y , T rin ity C h a p m a n 
G ra d ua te C enter A u d 
At 3 & 4 
Free 
M O N 
R E Q U I E M 
F O R 
A 
F A I T H ; 
I S L A M I C 
M Y S T I C I S M 
— 
T H E 
S U F I 
W A Y ; 
G O 
IN 
P E A C E . 
M o o d y 
L e a r n i n g 
Center, Sa n 
A ntonio C olle ge A 1 
7 3o $1 
M O N 
A 
T U E S 
B R E W S T E R 
M C C L O U D . M u tt F P u t p o se Ro o m 
Trinity U n iv e rsity 
At 7 A 9 3o 
$1.25 Public. 
T U E S . 
W I L L I A M S B U R G 
R E S T O R E D . M O N E Y O N T H E 
L A N D and B Y T H E S E A , T a n a 
Floor 
A u ditorium , s a n 
A ntonio 
M a in L ib ra ry . 2o3 S St 
M a r y S 
St At 17 >3 A 7 F re e 
T U E S A 
W E D 
S C A N D A N - 
A V I A, n o d a l 
M u lt i M e d iu m 
Show. L a u rie A u d itoriu m . Trinity 
U nive rsity. At I JO 
F re e w E x - 

VRTS SHINDIG: Business and the arts are coo|>eratin« again at .loske's next 
Saturday. 
That dav .loske's will In* presenting 

I t s fifth animal Festival of the Arts, eo-sponsored by the San Antonio Arts 
Council. 
Throughout the day performing arts groups and artists will be presenting dances, theater, concerts and art ex­ hibits at locations throughout .loske’s downtown store. 
The Arts Council will sponsor an 
Arts information Center at the Bon­ ham Street entrance with information on 1‘ K -a l arts events and organizations. 
The education Arts Clearing House will present tin* play “The Miracle.’’ 
The Chicano Arts Theater will have 
“Birth of the Mestizo.” and The Little 
People Puppet Company will present 
"The Mother (loose Review.” 
Music will be provided by the 
Walker Ford Singers, Irma Navarro and .Jack Stern s “Broadway Gems,” the Wheatley High School Fagletoiles, the Belar Opera Workshop, the San 
Antonio College Trombone Choir Con­ cert, and the Alamo Heights School 
Orchestra. 
The Southwest ( raft Center will de­ monstrate pottery-making and bob- bin-lave making. Creative Stitchers, 
Inc., will also have craft exhibits. 
There will also be exhibits by the 
Can cr Cultural Center, San Antonio 
Conservation Society, Ballet Society of 

San Antonio and the San Antonio Mu­ seum Association 

L o o / . I n Fir. for ili-lnils. 

D E B IT : Prize-winning pianist Eu­ gene How ley will make his orchestral debut today when the San Xntonio 
Chamber Orchestra presents a benefit concert 
How ley is the winner til the Tuesday 
Musical Club Scholarship Award, and has won honors in competitions in 
Miami, Fla , Witchita Falls. Kl Paso anti San Angelo. He is a protege of pianist James Dick 
Rowley will perform the Mozart 
Concerto No 9 in F Flat 1)271. The concert will also feature Karen 
Schlemmer Toland as flute soloist. 
Terrence Fra/or will conduct. The concert is at the CT Health Science 
( enter Auditorium, and will benefit the 
Alamo Heights School District strings program. 

I im It In M u s i c fin • ili'ln ils . 

FLASH: If you’re a fan of 5Us rock ’n’ roll, then you'll want to make the scene ut the Convention Center Banquet Hall 
Wednesday. 
That's when Flash Cadillac and the 
Continental Kids will bring back the sounds you loved in the back seat of your dad s Chevy. 
Also ut the concert will In* “The 
Silver City Saddle Tramps.” Seating will la* at tables with beer and set-ups available. 

C/m m A oui th 'I m tis in Music. 

Arts Calendar 

I i nm Paia* X 

D ress N ew s ro u o n n 
W E D : 
H E N R Y 
V, 
L a w re n ce 
O H v ie r , 
(ti r e t to r. 
C h a D in d a 
G r a d u a t e 
C e n t e r , 
T r in it y 
U n iv e rsity 
At 
7.3o. 
SI 
Sa n 
Antonio F ilm Society m e m be rs, 
Si 5o public. 
W E D & T H U R S 
K E Y L A R G O , b o ffin 
S t u d c it 
C e n t e r , 
S a n 
Antonio 
Colieae 
At 
I 
S. 
7.3o 
Wed. I? 15 8, 7 to I hut. 
F re e 
F R I. T O S C A & T H E L I F E OF 
P U C C I N I , L a u rie Q ud 
At 7 3o 
$7 52 5o. 

I L I ; 
_I 

S U N T U E S : C I R C U S V A R G A S , 
South P a rk M ail. 824 9276 F r i a1 
* Sot at ii 3o. ((re el 
I. 4:3o. & 
N ext Sun at 12:3o 4 
- 
7 3o 
Feb 21 at I, 4 3o & 8. Fo b 2? at 
4 -a 8. 8 S3 56.75. 
M O N 
O U R J E W I S H A G E N D A 
F O R 
A M E R I C A S 
N E X T 
IOO 
Y E A R S , 
R o d U i 
S h o lo m 
S v n a cm a tic 
L e c t u r e b v 
R a b b i 
E m an u e l P a c k m a n At 8 
F- 
M O N 
T H E 
S P R I N G 
G A R 
D E N , Tr.nity Att a m id in e e 
116. 
736 84o6 or 
736 722; 
/ 
Coll for price 
T U E S 
L I I E R A T U R E t 
J 
C H I L D R E N O F S A N A N T O ' 
J, 
N orthern Hilt United M e th o t 
C hu ich . 142o7 H iggin s, 227 
.7. 
A l 7. C all tor p rice 
T U E S : 
H A V I N G Y O U R C A N 
M U S E U M , M c N ay A rt Inst- 
6ooo N 
N ee B ra u n f e ls 
S 
' lecture bv 
Mite he 
A 
W r, d ire cto r ct A n ,o n C a rte r 
M u scu m ot W e sto n A ri. At 8 F le e 
T U E S : W H O O W N S IT ? South west Craft Center, 3oo A u g u sta 
224 1848 
L e c tu re on c o p yrig h ts for h an d icra fts and ort w o rk s by 
John loo 
S A C in stru cto r. 
A l 
7 3o. 
$o cents. 
S A T 
F E S T I V A L 
O F 
T H E 
A R T S , 
J o s k e s 
D o w n t o w n . 
224 553? 
N e a rly 
1,ooo a rtista s cmd 
D e r f o r m e r s p r e s e n t in g donee, theater, m u sic and or! exhibits, 1o6 Free. 
N E X T 
S U N 
C U L T U R A L 
L I F E O F S A N A N T O N I O , Urn tor io n 
C h u r c h , 
8o7 
B n yl, 
344 4695 
L ectu re by 
D r 
A m y 
F ie e m a n Lee At 7 3o. $1. 

M A R 2-M A R 6: H O L I D A Y O N 
ICE, C onvention Center A re n a 
M A R 3: S H E R L O C K H O L M E S . 
Theaoter of the P e rfo rm in g Arts. 
T o uring com p an y p rod u ctio n of detective thriller. 
At 
8 3o 
*3 $9.5o. 

Is craftsm en. to o daily. 
Mort Sun 
G L A S S E R S A R T G A L L E R Y , 
2121 N 
M o m Ave. N ew G a n e rv a rtists Jean M artin, B ria n Don 
Ion, E d n a Hibe. Oils, w atercors and paste ls Dy C la y M c G a u g h y , 
G ord on West, E d W ittm ann 
Bill 
Z o n e r , 
E A. 
H e r b e s . ly o n 
M c D o u ga l, L o r r y Anschutz, Git b e n 
D u ron , 
Santa 
D u ran . 
N a n c y 
H a w k in s a n d 
M ic k e y 
C arlisle M o n So l 9 6 
G R A P H I C S G A L L E R Y , 4o3 E 
C o m m e rc e . 
W o o d c u t s bv 
Ri cho rd Conn, Su m i p aintings by 
Helen Fester, p rin ts a nd p osters 
Tues W ed 11-5:3o. T h u rs Sat 119 
Sun 1-6. 
H E L O T E S A R T G U I L D , 1o6o3 
B a n d e ra 
Rood. 
W o rksh o p in p ro g re ss 
P ho n e 695 9141. Tues 
Sun 1-5. 
I N S T I T U T E OF T E X A N C U L ­ 
T U R E S - H e m is F o ir P la za W ay 
9 5 Tues Sun 
K O E H L E R 
C U L T U R A L 
C E N T E R 
31o W est A sh b y 
Idyl tat tonal D ra w in g 
E xhib itio n bv 
U n ive rsity of 
T e xa s a1 A u stin ort students, sp o n so re d bv Son 
Antonio College A rt Dept. 
Su n 
Feb. 2o thru M a r 18 
M C C R E L E S S L I B R A R Y , 
1o23 
A d a 
St 
E x h ib it of o ils o n d w atercolors by D a w n E d w a rd s. 
M o n F ri 9 9 Sat 9-6, 
O A K W E L B R A N C H L I B R A R Y . i i >4 
H a i ry 
W u r?o a c n 
R o ad 
A c r y l, c s b y 
M il d r e d 
C o r s e 
M o n F ri V y, Sat 9 6. 
O D Y S S E Y 
G A L L R I E S , 
22 2? 
B re e .(wood. 
Recent w o rk s bv 
D r u s i l i o 
P f a n n s t ie l a n d 
O 
G eorg, P in c o T u es Sat l l 5. 
P A N 
A M E R I C A N 
B R A N C H 
I I B R A R Y , 1122 W. P y ro n A ve 
D isp la y of w ork bv the C oppm i 
•-(Odem, of F in e A rts 
M o n F r i 
99 S n 96 
P R I T C H A R D 
N O R T H 
S T A R 
G A L L E R Y , 224 N orth Star M all. 
O il p o i n t i n g s b v 
J o s e v Ives-A tsa ra, F « o W all 
Rob erta 
Clair, Helen Hunter, M a ry L o o 
Lew is 
D a ily 
1o 6, T h u r s 'IO 9. 
C losed Sun 
R I V E R a r t G R O U P . 51o Pa seo de lo Villita. C h a n g in g ex htbd of p oin tings o nd crafts from the m o re than 6oo a rtists of the gro u p D o ily IO 5. Su n I? 5 
S A N A N T O N I O A R T 
I N S T I 
T U T E . 6ooo N 
N ew B ra u n fe ls 
A n exhibition by students rn the ga lle ry M o n F r i 9 4. Sot 9 12. 
S A N 
A N T O N I O 
M A I N 
L l 
B R A R Y, 
2o3 
S 
St 
M a r y s 
A c r y lic s & oils by D oro th y No testme. M o n -F r i 9 9, Sat 9-6. Sun 
I S 
S I G O L O F F 
G A L L E R Y , 
SI 
A n th o n y 
Hotel 
R o b e rt 
W ood, 

D on 
W arre n . 
P o r lir io 
Sa lin a s, 
Jose V ive s A tsa ra, M a u re e n Ta razon. 
Roiio 
T a ylo r, 
Shorelle. 
D o tho rf 
W in d b e rg 
Flo rea t 
B oecke 
Frie d P o l 
M a rc e l Dyt 
E d o u a rd Cortez, Ruth A n de rso n . 
D o n a ld v e n a . 
J im 
D e u t s c h 
M o n Sat 115. 
SOL D E L RIO, 1o2o T o w n se nd 
D ra w ings, lithographs, etchings, w e av in gs, sc u lp tu re , c e r a m ic s and jewelry 
M o n Sat 9:3o 5 3o 
S O U T H W E S T 
C R A F T 
C E N T E R G A L L E R Y , 42o P a se o de lo Villita Selected fine crofts from the Southw est a re a 
D o ily 
IO 5 3o. 
S O U T H W I N D A R T G A L L E R Y . 
4114 M cC u llo u gh 
E x h ib it of fine duality o h s , a c r y lic s 8, w ater c olors bv wen Know n artists. 
A lso gra ph ic art by contem per a ry artists. 
Tues F r i 9 3o 5:45. 
Sat 1o 5, Free. 
T E JA S G A L L E R Y , 
1o2o5 O a sis. 
Dm . 
N o 
1o7. 
W 'ld flo w e r paintings by A n n C arlyo n . M o n 
F ri 1o-5, Sot by appointm ent 
T R I N I T Y 
U N I V E R S I T Y , 
7)5 
Stadium D riv e 
A fric a n Sculp lure, 
Se gy 
G alle ry, 
C oates 
Lobby. M o n Sat 7 3o a rn . ll p m , Sun I a rn ll p m. 
The 
H olocaust (rom D a c h a u to M u m ich, film by the U nited C ou n cil of C h u rc h e s with 2o p a in tin gs 8, sc u lp tu re s by Gent J a c o b so n in the G re a t 
H all, 
C h a p m a n 
Ll b ro ry thru 
Fe b 
2 
F o r m o re inform ation coll 736 7236. 

M C N A Y A R T I N S T I T U T E , 6ooo 
N. New B ra u nfe ls, 824 5368 
Svl von a n d M a r y lo n g collection, 
19th and 2oth C en tury p a in tin gs and scu lp tu re fro m the per m a n ent c o lle c tio n , 
G o t h ic a n d m e dieval art fro m the O p p e n - heim er Collection 
T u e s Sat 9 5, 
Sun 
2 5. closed M on. 
SAN A N T O N I O M U S E U M O F 
T R A N S P O R T A T I O N . H e m ls F a ir 
P la za W ay. 226 12o1 P e rm a n e n t e xh ib it of v a r io u s m o d e s of tran sp o rta tion antiq u e c la ssic c a rs, h o rse d r a w n c a r r ia g e s , streetcars. W o rld W a r I 
Je n n y a ir p la n e , o n ly a u t h e n t ic stagecoach in Texas. D a ily 1o 6, volu ntary c on trib utio n s su g g e st ed a dults 5o cents, ch ild re n 25 cents 
W I T T E 
M E M O R I A L 
M U ­ 
S E U M , 38o1 B ro a d w a y . 826 o647 
Special exhibit of ten p a in tin gs from the D o u gh e rty C o r r A rts 

O R E M IM C 

S U N : 
M C N A Y 
A R T 
I N S T I 
T U T E , 6ooo N 
N ew B ra u nfe ls. 
E xhib it of p aintings DV R e g in a ld 
Row e T h ro u gh M a r 19 O p e n in g reception 
Su n 
2 4. 
C o n tin u in g indefinitely 
F re e 
S U N : 
S O L D E L R I O 
G A L ­ 
L E R Y , 1o2o Tow nsend. 828 5555 
Recent w o rk s bv 27 p a in te rs o nd sculptors. O p e n in g p re v ie w Su n 
5 8 . C on tin u in g indefinitely. F re e 
S U N 
H E L O T E S A R T G U I L D , 
1o6o3 
B a n d e r a 
R d . 
H e lo te s, 
I 695 9141. 
J e w e lr y by 
P a u l 
Corter, R o se M ux or, a n d W ilm a 
P eteisen. o o m tin gs bv 
R ic h a rd 
Kent Shader 
O p e n in g reception 
Sun I 5. C o n tin u in g indefinitely. 
Free. 

C l R H E M T E X H I H ITS 

A R T A F R A M E M A R T No 
I, 
83o2 B ro a d w a y 
O ils bv R ob ert 
M o r r is o n o n d 
B e tty 
A llis o n . 
M o n Sa l IO 6 
A R T A F R A M E M A R T No 2, 
67o 
N orth 
Star 
M o ll 
O h s bv 
H o z e l 
M a s s e y , j o e 
P e a c o c k , 
Jose V iv e s A t sa ra o n d A ip e rto 
M e z a M o n Sat lo 6. 
A R T I S A N S A L L E Y , 555 
BH 
•ers R o ad 
M a rk e tp la c e of over to sh o p s w an p ro fe ssio n a l a r lists o nd or c ra ftsm e n in re ­ sidence. 
T u e s Sat 
IO 5 3o, 
Su n 
I 5. 
B R I G H T S H A W L G A W L E R Y . 
819 A Q U G U S T A 
. ? A ZA. • 
* 
P M , M o n Brl. 
C L U T T E R W O O D G A L L E R Y . 
53o9 
M c C u llo u g h 
P a in t in g s , d raw in gs, p h o to g ra p h s A lim ited edition g r a p h ic s b y 
C h r is t in e 
A m a r a w 
Nettie Buel, 
R ic h a rd 
Fieiden, D a n n y G e tte r, D m itri 
Petrov, Je a n S u i -an Su e Sh ie ld s and G eo rge Stum p e r g 
M o n Sot 
1o6 Sun 15 
C O P P I N I A C A D E M Y O F F I N E 
A R T S, 
U S M e lro se 
P la ce 
E x ­ hibition fe aturing sc u lp tu re bv 
D r 
W oidm e 
A 
Touch. 
Alst, p aintings by Jo y ce W ord, Ja m e s 
B 
L e m o n s , L u c ille E d g a r ion. 
M arq u a n d , 
E v e ly n 
Fre e m e n , and B a r b a r a T u r t l e s 
2-5 p.rn 
Sat. Sun A Wed, fre e . 
C O R N E R G A L L E R Y , 
4lh A 
Main, Bianco Paintings of the Hill 
Country bv hilt country ortltis 
Daily 1o-6, So n by appointment, cull 833 456o- 
G A L L E R IA 
JOI H O U SE 
OF 
A R T S. 
3o7 
M e m t s F o l r 
P l a z a 
Way 
Work by 
A d m i . A rd v*h , 
Gilbert, 
G ir a r d . 
Hoese, 
L o s 
Sco tts," 
M is c her, 
P orterfield. 
Roberts. 
S c h li c h e n m a i e r ; oils, watercolors, acrylics, cera mic s, m a c r a m e , m e t a l s c u lp t u r e 
M on Sol IJ S. 
G A L L E R IE OF F IN E ARTS. 
142 W M ain S t, Fredericksburg. 
Feoturm g Texas artists artis ans 

MISS FIESTA? 
CONTEST OPEN TO ALL SAN ANTO N IO 
COEDS AND HIGH SCHOOL SENIORS 
Sign I Btry Blanks at Festival Sob Jacinto Ass'n. Office at 319 Majestic 
Bldg. Weekdays between 9 oo a.m. I S OO p.m. thru February 23. 
ACT NOW • Number of Candidates is limited! 

We take pleasure in announcing the opening of an exhibit by 

PAMELA REICHENBACH 

P h oto b y H uffh e n H errin g*** 

February 2o through March 2o 

Pamela Retchenbach moved to 
San Antonio seven years ego from Wichita, Kansas. 

She works as a 
Research 
Technician for 
Cardiologist lawrence D. Horwitz at The Univer­ sity of Texas Medical School. 

In 1976 she was awarded first place in graphics in The University of Texas Health Science C en­ ter’s “ All In The Fam ily" Art Show, by Mr, 
Charles Field, instructor at U.T.S.A. 

She is currently studying lithography under Mr. 
W ayne Kimbell at U.T.S A. 

W orks in pen and ink, colored inks, watercolors, and acrylics by Ms. Reichenbach, will be on dis­ play at the group 

Studio and gallery 

 c u s t o m f r a m i n g • f i a s c o s 

2So2 Fredericksburg Rd. 
(512) 733-o173 

Foundation, in c lu d e w o rk s bv 
Cnagall, 
Duty 
A 
Renoir, thru 
M a y 
31. 
Feb. 
3-A p r 
)J 
. th e 
G reat A m e rica n R o d eo 
A tt a1 tra d itio n a l 
A m e ric a n re g io n a l r o d e o s : 
T e r r y 
A lle n , 
E d 
B la ckbu rn, G e o rg e G reen. M u m 
G r o s s G r o o m s , R e d G r o o m s , 
A n d v M an n , C a r r y W in o gra n d , 
Joe b u c k e r, O r g a n iz e d by the 
Fort 
W orth 
A rt 
M u se u m 
Feb. 19 2o 
H e irlo o m D i s c o v e r 
D a y s ,'' a p p ra isa ls bv e xpert art, antique, ti heirloom a uctio ne ers fro m 
S o th e b v 
P a r k e 
B e r n e ! auction house 
V e rb a l o p p ra i sots tor SS per item reg istra tion fee 

H IS T O R IC 
S IM I M O M IO 

A L A M O , best kn ow n m issio n 
C r a d le of 
T e x a s 
L ib e r t y located on A la m o P la z a ,n the heart of San Antonio, 
225 1391 
M o n Sat 9 5 3o, Sun 1o 5:3o, tree 
B U C K H O R N 
H A L L 
O F 
H O R N S , 
L on e 
Sta r 
B re w in g 
C om pany. 6oo Lone Star 
Blvd., 
226 8 JO I. P e rm a n e n t collection ot 
Fin s, 
F e a th e rs a n d 
F ire a rm s, d ating back to 1886 O p e n d aily 
9:3o-5, odutts St, c h ild re n 6-1? H m ilita ry 5o cents 
F re e p arkin g. 
C A S A V I L L I T A . 511 P a se o ae lo Villita, form er h e a d q u a rte rs of the San A ntonio C o n se rv a tio n 
Society, now office of 
A N ight in 
Old San A n ton io," sp o n so re d bv the C o n s e r v a t io n 
S o c ie ty on nually in April. N ow o p e ratin g a s 

 a tou rist I iii oz m at tgn Center lot visitor-, to 
L a 
Villita, phone if-P 
E S P A P A A Q U E D U C T , 9o4 4 
F sp a d o R o ad 
Built in 1731 by 
F r a n c i s c a n s , it is th e s o le re m a in in g stru ctu re of ifs Kind in the U n ite d Sta te s 
A N a tio n a l 
H isto ric L a n d m a rk , flee. 

I N S T I T U T E 
O F 
T E X A N 
C U L T U R E S , 
H e m is F a ii 
P la z a 
W ay. 226 7651 
C onli m u g h islo r iro l d is p la y s on ethnic g r o u p s with film s, m u sic slid e sh o w s artifacts, dom e sh o w s 
T u e s Sun 
9 5. c lo se d 
M o n . 
F r e e 
C o ll 
E d u c a tio n a l 
S e rv ic e 
D ep t tot gu id e d lours. 
K I N G 
W I L L I A M 
H I S T O R I C 
D I S T R I C T 
N eighbor hood of res toted V icto ria n a nd e a rly T e xas hom es. The d istrict b e gin s at the corn er of 
K in a 
W illiam 
Street a nd 
South 
St. 
M a r v s at the 
Anton Wulft H ouse, h e a d q u a rte rs 
OI the San A n ton io C o n se rv a tio n 
S o c ie t y . 
F r e e w a lk in g to u r p am p h le ts a v a ila b le at the Wulft 
H o u se 
1o7 K in g W illiam . 
T H E M I S S I O N S 
To lo u r the tour m issio ns, follow Ihe M issio n 
Trial m a rk e rs b egin n in g at R o o sevet A v e n u e a nd M issio n Road, 
Roosevelt P o r k 
J O S E N A V A R R O S T A T E H I S 
T O R l C 
S I T E , 
728 
S 
L a ie d o , h om e of fa m o u s T e x a s patriot. ow ned o nd m ain tain e d bv T e x a s 
P a r k s 8. W ildlife Dept, M o n Sun 
1o 4, adu lts 
25 cents, c h ild re n 
Sim* Arts C alendar, Page IO 

Singles Introductions.Inc. 

SINGLES INFORMATION CLEARING HOUSE 
I a 
Hours: Mon.-Thor: 3-7 pm., Sot.: 9om-7pm 
£ 57o1 Grottoa|. TW tea u t ? 
J 

San Antonio 
Symphony 
Update ... 

Feb. 21t J O H N N E L S O N Conductor 
2 2 * *7:3o pm Laurie Auditorium 

*8:3o pm Theater for the 
Perform ing Arte 

Feb. 27 M U S IC F O R T H E C IT Y 

Free C o n ce rti 

L U IS R IV E R A 
D A N C E C O M P A N Y 

M aria Alba, 
G uest Artist 

Harvey Biskin, 
C onductor 

7:3o pm 
Theater for the 
Perform ing Arts 

San A n to n io Fine A rts C e n te r pre 
A PUPPET SHOW 
By - Pun th an e Ila 
Feb. 2 6 th -2 :o o P.M . 
^children * 1.25 a d ults gro u p o f IO o r m o re *1 .OO 
3141 Nacogdoches 
MacArthur at Bitters 

PREM IERE TRAN SCO N TIN EN TAL TOUR 

A R E T U R N T O TM I 
RBCN T R A D IT IO N O P TNB C IR C U S 
A S IT O M C I W A S IN A M S RBC A 
ISO 
ANIMALS 
BEARS 

3T 
3 l o o 
PERFORMING PERFORMERS 
ELEPHANTS! CHIMPS 
W ILD A N IM A L A C T S 
South Park M all 
2 3 1 o S .W . M ilit a r y Dr. a t 1-35 
T icket In fo rm a tio n : 
9 2 4 - 9 2 7 6 
P S B F O A M A M O S 
Feb. 18 
Feb. 19 
Feb. 2 o 
Feb. 21 
Feb. 2 2 

8 :o o p. 
1 :o o , 4 :3 o , 8 :o o p. 
1 2 :3 o , 4 :o o , 7 :3 o p. 
1 :o o , 4 :3 o , 8 :o o p. 
4 :3 o , 8 :o o p. 
5 ,o o o S e a ts For Each S h o w 

Mar. 4 
M U S IC F O R T H E C IT Y 

Free C o n ce rts! 

Harvey Garber condue tor 
12:oo M ain Plaza 
(across from Bexar 
County Courthouse) 

7:3o pm East End Service 
Center Com m erce & 
H ouston Streets 

Tin cooperation with the Parks and 
Recreation Dept. City of S an Antonio 

TICKETS: 
Subscription Series 
$3 to $6.5o 

A lso available at Record H ole stores 
Call 223-5591 
Symphony Box Office 

“Young and exuberant" 

— 
Nan Clausal, San Antonio Light 

Fits: class oil th»? w ay" 

— 
Robert Pincus, San Antonio lip le s s 
INCARNATE WORD 
COLLEGE AUDITORIUM 

SUNDAY, FEBRUARY 27 
3:oo P.M. 

Adults— $4 oo 
Children under 12— $2.5o 

Tickets on sain at the door 

INFORMATION: 824-3979 

EXRRESS-NIWS SUNDAY MAGAZINE— fob. 2o, 1977 
RAGE 9 

THE STAGE 

.CENTRAL PARK • W O NDERLAND • W IN DSO R PARK MALL 
141M” 
U t III 
*1) 17)1 
-a 

 jfAtfatty 

A nne ( m h (! 

A San Antonio Colley Theatre Production 
U)ednesday-Saturday, February 23-26 
7:15 P.M.-McAllister Auditorium 
Adults ii 
Students Si 

A 12 ten cents, c h ild ren u nd e r 6 tree. G uided tours 
OLD SAN ANTONIO EXHIBIT. 
H isto ric sc e n e s o tO ld Sa n An 
(onto, 
B o liv a r Hall, 
L a 
Villita. sp o nso red bv Sa n A ntonio Con se rvation Society, 227 9o42. Ooen e ve ry day except M on. IO S p m , 
Fre e 
OLO URSULINE 
CONVENT. 
3oo A u gu sta 
B uilt in ISSI. San 
A n to n io 's only re m a in in g e xam p ie of 
F r e n c h a r c h it e c t u r e 
H om e of Southw est C raft Center 
C re a tiv e 
A rt 
School. 
M o n F r i 
9 3o 5. v isito rs welcom e, F re e 
R E M E M B E R 
TH E 
A L A M O 
THEATER / MUSEUM. A la m o 
P la ce 
A m ulti m e dia p resen to lion re tre a tin g the siege of the 
A la m o O o ily 9 OO to 5 3o. a d u lts 
SI 75, child ren 
(4 121 
75 cents, active m ilita ry ( w r lD l SI 25 
SAN F E R N A N D O C A T H E ­ 
DRAL. C o rn e rsto n e laid in 1/48 
W estside cit M a fn P laza. 227 2197, 
SCHRODER 
7 
VTURRI ! 
H O U S E 
• 
M U S E U M 
A 
A R I 

CH IVES. 
1ooo E . C o m m e r c e 
R e st o re d bv the 
C ity 
W a te r 
B o a rd for a d a p tive use a s a m u se u m a n d a rc h iv e s of the h isto ry of w a te r in the 
Sa n 
A n ton io a re a 
G ro u p to u rs of m u se u m a rra n g e d thro ugh the 
City W ater B o a rd Office. IOO I E. 
M a rk e t St . phone 225 7461 
SPANISH 
GOVERNOR'S 
PA LACE. 
1o5 
M ilit a r y 
P la z a 
M o n Sat 9-5. 
Sun 
15. m o rn in g tou rs by appointm ent, a d u lts 35 cents, child ren IO cents 
S T E V E S 
H O M E S T E A D 
A 
G A R D E N , 5o9 K in g W illia m . 
225-5524. Owned and m a in ta in e d 

 bv the Sa n A n ton io C on se rv a tio n 
S o c ie ty , 224 6163. G e r m a n re sidence buiklt in 1876. D a ily I S. m o rn in g to u rs by app o in tm e n t; adults 
75 cents, c h ild re n 
25 cents. 
YTURRI EDMUNDS MILL A 
R E S I D E N C E . y e llo w sto n e . 534 8237, S a n A n t o n io 
C o n s e r v a t i o n 
S o c ie t y m a i n ­ tained. A d o b e b lo ck stru c tu re . built 184o I86o 
R e sto re d G rist 
M ill in operation. O pen Tues, & 
S a t 
1o 2, w ith g r ist dem o n stratio n s at ll & I on Tues 
& Sat N o adm i sion: gro u p tours by appointm ent 

San Antonio Symphony 

Feb. 2 1 t/2 2 * 
JOHN NELSON conducting 

Berlioz 
Excerpts from 
“The Damnation of Faust” 
Mozart 
Symphony No. 33 
Stravinsky 
Petrouchka 

I Mon. Feb. 21. 7:3o pm Laurie Auditorium 
‘Tues. Feb. 22. 8:3o pm Theater for the Performing Arts 

TICKETS: $3 to $6.5o 

Call SYMPHONY BOX OFFICE 223-5591 

YOU'VE READ THE BOOK... 
YOU'VE SEEN THE TV SHOW.. 
NOW HEAR THE ALBUM. 
Quincy JonesLRoots 

Music from and inspired by the David L. Wolper production of "Roots." Conceived by a man with a history just as famous. No one but Quincy Jones could give you the sound of "Roots” ! 

•AM H M i i l N r R * t * iiN fh WI 
>44111 IX » HWfS 

LP’s Now Only 

$ 4 4 4 

■ lo. 
Tapes Now Only 
$555 

HURRY TO ONE OF OUR 3 LOCATIONS 
FOR THE BUY OF THE MONTH! 

PACI to MPRfSS-NEWS SUNDAY MAGAZINE— fob. 2o, 1977 

River City Theatre 

The M agick Theatre Touring Co. 

THE BLOODY '(MISTER HYDE 
(A Musical {veiling with Dr. Jekyll A FRIEND) 
O pening Sunday Feb. 27 
8:oo P.M. 
1122 N. St. Mary's St. Reservations:732-8385 
Adm ission $3 .5 o 

Last Day 

Myron Floreat 

Feb. 18.19 and 2o. 

 and Anacani 
Feb. 18,19 and 2o. 

Attend The 2*ih Annual San Antonio 
SHOW 
O DEO 

I j O f F R f f MAN C O I iSC UNI F t SR U AR » 11 IS 1*77 

Tickets available only at 
Joe Freeman Coliseum. 
P e r fo rm a n c e rn 2 P M and 7 3o P M 
Ticket Pe I seal All Scats Reserved Balcony. 
Rows I IO $4 5o, Balcony. Rows 11 ■ 14. $3 SO. 
Balcony. Rows 15-16. $2 5o Trices include gate admission 

S.A. CONVENTION CENTER 

' 
WED., MARCH 2 THRU SUN., MAR. 6 . 

O R D E R BY MAIL 

♦CHILDREN 
12 and under 
HALF PRICE 
All 
PERFORMANCES. 

Express-News Want Ads 225-1666 i 
.... 
■ 

Tickets on sale at Joske's downtown and fSorthstar Mall. 

Bo I office open all da) of performance. 

P R IC E S : 
$ X o o $ C o o $ A o o 
TAX INCLUDED 
o 
9 
4 

M a c* tm lew (harped cat) adducted envelope end 254 handily 
(hot94 lei prompt eld Mf* dowery of yow taken 
HO LIDAY O N ICE 
P.O. B O X 6588 
San Antonio, Texas 7 8 2 o 9 

D o t#------------------------ 
Ifot. □ 
W V I m w l il U M t v l m ^ M i I la Chem 
{yg. Q nun nan 

— --------- — ... Mot □ inuit 

2nd Chaa. 
Evg. Q 

It—I 
__________________________ 

ADDRESS 

I* at UxM IxfcW 
Bl I pm hekn -> 

 roe IN F O R M A T IO N C A U 22 5-o 7 31 * 

. I U - . J 
LIV E...O N STA G E! 

.. .WONDERFUL 
/ STAGE EFFECTS 
ENGROSSING 
/CH A RA CTERS 
BRING ONE OF 
BELOVED, 
/LIT ER A TU R E’S MOST 
HEROES TO LIFE ON 

Orch. A P 
M.So 
T H U R S .* M A R . 3, 1977 

 t i l ™ 
V M 
8:3o P M 

S T : . k 
S 
S theatre for the 

Lower Bai a g u se cPer form i 
I 
Ital 11 Ii 
€1 IBI 

TICKETS 
NOW ON SALE 

Featuring: Big Bird, Cookie 
I w twwT of 
Monster and other Muppct 
*«"•»/ 
Characters from “Sesame Street.” hm' 

WED., MAR. 2 ...... 1P.M. 

THURS., MAR. 3 ... SPM. 

EM., MAR. 4 ........ 8 PJL 

SAT., MAR. 5........ 2 P.M. 

SAL, MAR. 5........ SPM. 

SUN., MAR. 6 ...... 2 PJR. 

M o v ie s s h o w in g a r o u n d to w n 

School ti iris. 

Laurel: 
The Pink 
Panther Strikes Again. 

Northwest Six: 
The 
Sentinel; Freaky Friday; 
The Seven-Per-Cent So­ lution; Never a Dull Mo­ ment + Three Caballer­ os; Buffalo Jones; Magic 

 gelove + And Now for 
Something Completely 
Different. 

Texas: 
Re\enge from 
Planet Ape + Shadow of a Hawk. 

I'A 4: Twilight’s Fast 
(Beaming; The Cassan- 

 dra Crossing; 
Silver 
Streak; Never a Dull 
Moment + Three Cabal­ leros. 

VA Cine Cinco: 
Twi­ light’s Iaist (Beaming; A 
Star Is Born; Car Wash; 
The Sentinel. 

Universal Twin: 
Fan- tasex, Buffalo Jones. 

Wonder: 
A Star Is 
Born; Silver Streak. 

Woodlawn: 
Double 
Exposure of Holly; Fan* lases 

Monday night, a television event! 

For the first time in nearly a decade, Ned Diamond will be on television in your home in his debut 
American television special. And don’t miss him on his brand-new Columbia album, “Love at the Greek,” a spectacular two-record set of twenty great songs recorded at Los Angeles’ Greek Theatre. 

Neil Diamond, Monday, february 21, 8-9 P.M. KMOl-TV 

SEIL IMAMOTO 
I amt a f the G r e e k 

Neil Diamond. “Love at the Greek.” On Columbia 
Records and Tapes. 

REG. $11.98 

TAPE 

$ 

$ 

REG. $11.98 
8.99 
8.99 

(XPRfSS-NfWS SUNDAY MAGAZU!!—fob. 2o, 1977 RAGE l l ' 

 i W l L H i H T S 

 on T he R eal P o w er’ 

NORTH STAR 
343-93o4 
_____ 

Mr. President... 

We are prepared to launch nine nuclear missiles. 
We demand ten million dollars. 
Air Force One... 

B q c n c w a l . c i n e m a T H M a t w c s B 
BONNIE 

 a m 
THEY 
AINT. 

EORGESEGAL JANE FONDA 
"FUN WITH DKK&JANE”! 

W" ED Mc MAHON 
I 
EXCLUSIVE I 2-2-4-6-8-1o 
■ m l> M i 
! R r i i 

TNK CASSANDRA CROSSING I 
I 2t2o-2i4o-5:oo-7:2o-9;4o 
(») | 

‘THE shootist; , ie ?*5 
4:1*445 

C A R W A S H , piTcSluls^^ 

Ann Landers 
Listens to People With Problem s. 

■Every day in the Express. 

At noun on O ctober 2 5 th th e T r» n * e o n tin en t« l E x p re ss le ft G eneva S tatio n w ith n I m o st one th o u sa n d people un board 
T h e ir d ea tin atio n ; B asel. P a ris . B ruexels. 
A m eterdaih..G openha|{en a n d S tockholm . 

No one arriv ed 

FAGE 12 EXPtfSS-NfWS SUNDAY MAGAZINE— NA. 2o, 1977' 

M O VIE G U ID E FOR FA M ILIES 

G: 
"G e ne ral A ud ie nces.' Film contains no material m ost parents are likely to c o n ­ sider objectionable even for younger children. 
PG: “ Parental G u id ance Suggested ." R ating cautions parents they m ight consider som e m aterial unsuitable for children. It urges parents to inquire about the film before deciding on attendance. 

R : 
"R e stric te d ." Film contains adult type material and those under 17 years of age are not adm itted except in the com p an y of a parent or an adult guardian. 

X : 
T h is is patently an adult type film and no one under 17 is admitted. T he age limit m ay be higher in som e places 

M o n o n P ic tu re A s s o c ia tio n o l A m e ric a 

LORI MAR BAVARIA presets a G£Ria production 

TWILIGHT S LAST GLEAMING Starring BURT LANCASTER 

Also s u n mg (in alphabetical ct der I ROSCOE IE I BROWNE • JOSEPH COTTEN * MEIVYN DOUGLAS 
CHARLES DURNING • RICHARD JAECKEL • WILLIAM MARSHALL * GE RAIO S o LOUGHLIN 
RICHARD WIDMARK • PAUL WINFIELD • BURT VOUNG • Directed bv ROBERT ALDRICH 

Screenplay bv RONALD M COHEN and EDWARD HUEBSCH 
Based on lh* nova) "Viper Three bv WALTER WAGER * Produced by MERV ADELSON 
Exec uttva Producer HELMUT JE DE lf • M u s k by JE RRY GOLDSMITH • Pr intl by Technicolor ® 

AN ALTHO ART ISTS Rf lf ASE Q O 

CD 

HELD OVER 2ND WEEK! 

 p w g r z i 
■HHHHiUI nit 
SUN. 2:oo-4.3o-7:oo- 
*|Jo 
IT o-4; TS 
1:1o-4:11 
MON 7:oo-*: 3o 
7:oo 9.43 
7:oo-9*3 

Vi ho Says D octors 
Don*! Make H ouse Calls? 
Dr. Lawrence E. Lamb does. 

Every Day in The News. 

Head Paul I lioinpsoii— 
On l op o f It All 

 in the San Antonio News 

 r v i v i m / ^ t i m t r u u p RONNY COX 
DAVID CARRADINE r a n d y q u a i d 
I 
Starts Friday! 

NMTHWEST SIX • CENTURY • ONE CINCO 

6 ACADEMY AWARD 
NOMINATIONS! 

SOPHIA LOREN KH HARD HERRIS 
MARTIN SWORN « i SIMPSON LIONEL ST ANDER 
ANN TI RUEL 
INGRID"THl'UN 

I LET x TR ASHER!. 
— W R I LA M ASTER.. MAMI-.711 — AVA GARDNER.. MCtH-t 

TRE « ANS ANDRA CROSSING 

U N I u r n . TUM KI N T * . MIMS PHII l f I AM H U lOVCUXK 
ALIDA V ALLI 
...» 4. II n u WH IMMTX 
. . . . . .. ■ HAI MASUI! . K I . — HOB! HI KATT A ( .l l-TUC TAS I M M ATM 
> n iM A T .A IZ *.p«.!i»n.»» TAN .KAMA VOS TASA91S.IS I Ab. TAM. l l < 11 
I, CARLO PONTI M M M ti G EO RG E PAN COSMATOS 
W .r.fM teiA .n.M .A in. i KHTRKrAINHNT X I M . i M O i n — 
. i enTurrAinmwr u t 
K RESTMCTED 

BAR. MAT. BOTH THEATRES 

12:2o-2:4o- 3:oo 
7:2o-9:4o 
2:oo-4 :3o- 7:oo-9:oo 

‘THIS LAND IS YOUR LAND,THIS LAND 
IS MYLAND. FROM CALIFORNIA TOF HE 
NEW YORK {SIANO. THIS LAND 
MADE FOR YOU AND ME* 
The man who wrote these words was 
Woody Guthrie. 

His music has become as much a part of America as its mountains, its rivers, its forests and its people. 

Hts life has touched all of our lives. 
This is his sto ry . 

Florence, Ira and the 5 unions 

N EW V O RK — Mrs, 
Florence 
Henderson 
Bernstein, whose hus­ band, Ira Bernstein, flies 
6,o(1o miles every week­ end to see her, says that such commuting is ne­ cessary because he w orks in New York and she works in California. 

“ I think,” she says. 
“ I'm a workaholic. I'm one of the few people who belong to five unions.” 

“ Yes, five.” Florence 
Henderson enumerated them, while relaxing with a Grand Marnier on ice at Gallagher's after a hard day of workaholism, in 
New 
Yolk for a change. 

“ There’s AGVA, that’s for nightclubs; AGMA, for concerts; AFTRA, for 
TV; SAG, for films, and 
Actors Equity, for stage. 
I’m also terrific at iron­ ing and scrubbing floors.” 
She was in a joyous mood for she was re­ cording her first single, also doing a commercial, and at the same time celebrating the success of the new “ Brady Bunch 
Hour” on ABC-TV. 
She and her husband, company manager of 
“ Chicago” and “ P ip ­ pin,” would be flying to 
Hollywood in a few hours 
— together. 
He usually flies out 
Friday and returns from 
Hollywood on th e‘‘red­ eye” Tuesday morning, giving him a three-day weekend with Florence and their four children. 
“ We just celebrated our 21 st anniversary, 
Jan. 9,” she said. 
"Ira ’s Jewish and I’m a Catholic. When we got married in Clifton, N J. 
At our reception, the 

On Broadway 

By EARL WILSON 

 photographer, 
Leo 
L riedman, took a picture and right behind us was a truck with a big sign, 
‘Long Life.’ It was very impressive, that ‘Long 
Life’ sign. 

“ Somebody said later 

 it was a pet food.” 
Florence was ecstatic about recording a . sin­ gle, because its one show business thing she hadn't done. 
“ I don’t know why I didn't before. You're al­ ways having to prove 

• r d 

THERE MUST FOREVER DE A GUARDIAN AT 
■* THE GATE FROM HELL... 

X t 

S H I W A S Y O U N G 

S H I W A S D lA U T IFU L 
S H I W A S TH I N IX T . 

R H I tfSTWCTtl n sentinelL9” 
J 

Chris Sarandon • Cristina Raines 

Martin Balsam • John Canadine • Jose Ferrer 

Ava Gardner • Arthur Kennedy 

Burgess Meredith • Sylvia Miles 

Deborah Raffin • Eli Wallach 

NORTHWEST SIX 
12 oo-2 oo-4 OO 
6.oo-8:oo- 1o:oo 
CINI SINCO 

CENTURY 
12.oo 2 OO 4 OO 
6 OO 8 oo 1o oo 

1.15 3:1S-5:15-7.15-9:15 

★ 

(H IG H E S T H A T IN G ) 
Kathleen Carroll New York Daily Newt 
< 

"TiHE BEST PICTURE OF THE YEAH! 
Alii OVERWHELMING EXPERIENCE. A SURE BET TO SWEEP 
THIS YEAR S OSCAR NOMINATIONS.*9 

 to 
ACADEMY 
AWARD 
NOMINATIONS! 

INCLUDING 
BEST PICTURE 
BEST ACTOR 
I f 
NETWORK 

% 

METRQ-GQLDWYN-MAYER prints 

M THE MOST 
FRIGHTENING 
EXPERIENCE 
I VE HAO IN 
YEARS. IT 

FAYE 
WILLIAM PETER ROBERT 
DUNAWAY HOLDEN 
FINCH DUVALL, 
NETWORK 

PADDY CHRYEFSHY 

o.reeled by SIDNEY LUMET 
Produced b, HOWARD GOTTFRIED 

A a u w c t u e e j MCTMCPUI" 
X O M # !* RP United anele 
] 
WNAVISION* 
W 
* ■ t v . , « . c e ^ . , 

12 oo-2:3o-5:oo iLJN- I-15-3.15 
7:3o-1o.oo 
I ■ 
5 25-7 35 9 4!> 
U 
M 
I 
I O ! I M 
I 

 yourself over again show business. They always say, ‘You can’t act, you’re a singer.’ 
“ Then after you show them you can act. they say. ‘You can’t sing, you’re an actress.’ The record is With One More 
Look at You’ from ‘A 
Star is Born.’ 
“ Barbra 
Streisand 

 doesn’t have a single on ii. She’ll probably read in your column I’m doing it and do one herself. 
Rip Taylor, she said, has been crying and tearing off his toupee in delight at the success of 
“ The 
Brady 
Bunch 
Hour,” which became a variety show after five years as “ The Brady 

Bunch. ’’ 
“ Nobody had been able to knock off Disney . . . we had a 25 . . . they had like IO,” Florence said. 
“ For me ifs the best of all possible worlds, be­ 

 cause I get to aet and sing both. We will do se­ ven more this season, and I think next season it will be a weekly series.” 
It was about 23 years 

See W ilson . P a g e l l 

SAT/SUN 
12-2-4 
6-8-1o:oo 

YES— i r s TRUE (PG) 

 vMon./Fri. 
6:oo 
8:oo 
1o oo 
'INSPECTOR, IS IT TRU! 
THAT WE MUST GET OUT OF 
TOWN BECAUSE 
ROCKY 
IS^ 
CO M IN G IN THIS WEEK!! blPOSITIVElY 4 DAYS ONLY}* 
THE 
PINK PANTHER 
STRIKES AGAIN 

M e 

VSS 
W 
ALAMO RAMI GAA AIM 

’PLAYMATES ll oo-2:1o.$ JO-4 JO 
2:oo P M 
'*«TY" SP 12;2$-3.3S-6 5o-1o oo 

Bobby socks Hrfceys Pony Tats Merlong anet at the rest of me Vinocent 5o s 

ENDS 
THURS. 

A p lu m b e r 
P a rty 'S T . 

P U W * w l i t IPAS mn. m.»t p*g» im*. uoiNttn tat* cut* 'n* cm**!** 
ONA*-* WASHKO moi r «3 i. A tho MONE 
. 
— 
■— 
-IM .-.' 
« 
-OA 

NO BAR. MAT. misty ii 2s 2 2vs 36 12o 
OR PASSES tovar - 12 3o3 mu. so 1ooo 

 tou if ft! *o AfloUT HER T»u[n«oUt MR 

NOW SII Hill) 
M isty 

Ari adult motion picture to Imp enjoyed 
Bv men By women 

I SONNY OEM, HOED TO HIU 
M IS o a t M O T T e n rn 
M m u FIST WHI 

Dm alm r* in 
D a n g e r...D ru g * ... 
A n d D m a ik l 

"SO HOT IT HURTS !" 
(taro* HOH SOCMTV 

^ 
A SLIMM! p B t rn Pi (WK.XHA *K>n 

IKIILXHK im g O O M IN O U I ST H i P X I U U Alw I) HA: MOW 6 1 Oil* A IM , mCku 

CUNT H lK jH tS im mali ()■ i».) maw____________________ 
ADU', OM, • 535*535 • c a i * 
I 1:oo-12:35-3:45-5:2o 6:55 1o:o5 
EXaUSfVE 
STARTS 
THURSDAY r n 
RMT S.A. 
1 im an if flTVVVIIIV 
NO B A R G A IN M A TIN EE* Oil R A U H 

G r e a t 

 c A m e f f c a n 

 b a r g a in 
W ANT 

 abc INTERSTATE 

BROADWAY 
4**o OHO AO * AV i f • JJS* 

2:45 

5:oo 

7:15 

9:3o 

L a s tly c c x x i 

A H* M ila nee r 

I 
» 1 

GOM rw« Hnhrrt D r N im 
Ibny (urn* Kuhrrl MIU hum -It-ann*- Moreau 
Jut k Nit hi ilium I h ma Id I'lrawmf 
•*4t tfrtr •*» #» mf 
Ray Milland IHna A n d rrw t lugrtd Iii Killing 
AMUhV 
IbAMX 
ItMCTMlA, 
Harukl 1‘inirr 
Ham 
TU* K u m 
*inh> ». H aunt 
.lam * m 
. . . 
. ...... . .^>. 
J*. MW*. aum : tau 1*4 ****”? i * T** 
I 

EXCLUSIVE! 

H 

[XPtlSS NIWS SUNDAY MAGAZINE—fob. 2o,1977 PAGE l l 

OLMOS 
4IQS Un »#4rg 

NO 
SWC 
A O M . facts. 

A TR V.ie 
L O V E S T O M 
2:4o 
5:o5 
8:3oI 

T H E STO RY O F 
ADELE I i ® 

Plus at 12:5o-3:15-6:4o-1o:o5 
INGMAR BERGMAN S 
CRIES AND WHISPERS" 

■ STARTS TUESDAY 
LAIT TANGO M PAMS" urn 
■'MIDNIGHT COWBOY" 

STARTS THURSDAY 

SEVEN BEAUTIES" 
"SW EPT A W A Y " 

NOLT H W ! I I lit 

• I I H I M l X l * im im iim inly 

Bargain matin## doily for theatre capacity for fint performance 

THE SENTINEL — Sylvia 
M iles an d 
B e ve rly 
D 'Angelo are a loving couple in horror film at the Northwest Six, Cen­ tury South and UA Cine 
Cine 
W ilso n 

From Pam* lit a Ko thai Florence Hen­ derson from Indiana be­ came a star i i i ‘'Fan n y" opposite 
Ezio 
Bm za. 
Nightclubs and TV fol­ lowed quickly. 
On her fast trip here. she said, “ the first thin# 
I did was to Ko to the 
Carnegie Deli. 
“ I ’\e eaten e v e ry ­ where. but my favorite is still a cheeseburger with onions and tomato on rye toast." 
Flo ren ce ays that 
Barb ara Bernstein, 2o. 
Joseph, IO. Robert, Bl, and Elizabeth, ll. “ are all talented." but “ I tell them that the talent will still lie there," and they should get an education. 
Mrs. Bernstein endea­ vors to keep her age a secret. 
“ My father had such a thiiiK about age. I pes­ tered him ubout it and he said. 'lf anybody a s k s you my age. tell them 
I m old enough to take cure of myself ami mind my own business. 
“ My mother, who lives in Lakewood, Flu., now is 
KO She visited me aud she wanted to go bow ling 
I took her and she said the alleys were in* good 
I asked w hether her m other was still Mr** 
Elizabeth Henderson. 
“ No, i f s M rs 
Mos- b ather now 
She got married at 7a " 

WANT ADS 

ARE STAR 

PERFORMERS! 

They sell good things you don t want for cosh place an ad now! 

Call 
225-1666 

SNEAK PREVIEW TODAY AT 2:oo 
“The cMag ie Christian” 
Veter Sellers 

Sherlock Holmes meets Sigmund Freud 
THE SEVEN-PER-CENT 
SOLUTION 

THE STORY IS TRUE...only the facts have been made up. 

V MICOL WILLIAMSON AMD ALAM ARKIE — 
^ 

C O R O N IS I mot I h 
IN 1 o ft WwihMh I 
SPECIAL ADMISSION 
PRICE FOR THIS 
PROGRAM 
AIL SEATS11.OO 

H E P 

HAI. WALLIS S Production of 

( ..ani Oui Uuty) 
(P G ) 
Today: 3:35-7:3o 
Monday 7.3o 

Plus CHARLTON HESTON • HENRY FONDA 

Today: 1:15 
(PG) 
5:3o-9:45 
Mon. 5:3o un n* m in " 9:45 
C an e H a ckm a n 

Starting Thursday 
" rm m o T is r 
«£■" * a Vr'* 

W i n g o 
S t a r r 

W a a u e l 
W e l c h 

 f 12:oo- 2:3o 
5:oo- 7:3o 
1o:oo 

( l % l lU H 
I » w a « a i i k t i t - e n i 

NO BAI. HAT. 
NOP ASKS 

 a r n 

Starring: 
Ar JEFF BRIDGES A CHARLES GRODIN and Introducing 
V 
A JESSICA LANG 
(PG) 
^--niii r~.... 
-..-...--............... - —........... 

( I M I 
L I L L O 
SOI I H 
' ™ ti 
I TO.OII W l t l h OUtOOOB 
IM MU Or M M I* to 
IM I D I 
12:oo-2oo-4:oo 
6:oo-4:oo- 1o:oo 

IN 1946 
THIS MAN 
KILLED 
FIVE 
PEOPLE... 

 a. IMM. ee. 
IM M U 

TO W N ' 7 3o-1o:55 
"T E X A S 
9:2o 

...TODAY 
HE SH U 
LURKS THE 
STREETS OF 
TEXARKANA, 
ARKANSAS! 

Slaking 
A n A M E R IC A N IN T E R N A T IO N A L R E L E A S E 
BEN JOHNSON andrew p»he dawn w ells as helen Reed 
Written by f M l E SMITH • Produced and Directed by CHARLES B PIERCE 

 colot b , T E C H N IC O L O R 1 

AT SAN PEDRO ONLY 
I M A H TOWN IM TEXAS" 
IPCI 

NI »o«*lM9ftoe« 
I t l l I N i i IM Sr ••M H W f ld f l B 
12:oo-2:oo-4:oo-6:oo-8:oo-1o:oo 12:oo-2:oo-4:oo-6:oo4:oo-1o:oo 
No Bargain Matinee 
It's the day of the 

 s w f a ^ y e f o o ... Mom 

 athletic 
Annabel gets 

 d o m e s t i c , 
^ 
9^ frantic^ and they all 

 get into trbuble. 

O JO 

I 
WALT DISNEY productions' 
FREAKY FRIDAY 
Miter# HARRIS, Me FOSTER m joie. ASTIN 

Patsy laifiiick WM patten 
MAHY KODGLKj r 
, ti:.- 

• 
, « . * * 
. » . * 1 r o n MiiiER, 
Technicolor* ~«* 
- 
« ' lei 

I * * * ' 

«■— 
; xi iiT TTTTSTb' i n 
I 

■ i i . i M t x e i e y im w . ih 
11:5o-1:5o-3:5o 
5:5o-7:5o-9:5o 

C l i t 
I W O R , 
■ * . tot I N t 

Today: 12-2 -4 -6 -8-1o 
M onday: 6 -8 -1 o 

I A N L I L L O 
YOlWll SC■ 11N OUT DCOB 
Wa P-4»- ce M otet OW 
I M M M 

"4UFFALo" 7:3o-11:1o "STIAHOC*" 9:2o 

» Mf Mi Or OOM IIM oo4-4131 
12:oo-2:oo-4:oo 
6:oo- 8:oo- 1o:oo 

*1 H U O N 
T W IN O U TD O O R I M I t t t t 
> '# e t M M . « j j i n i t 

"8UUALO" 7*o-11:o5 
‘TNE *2o 
BUFFALO JONES 

NO IAIGAIN 
MAUNU 
* NO PASSES 
* NO SPECIAL 
ADMISSION 

P G FAM*!* CHOAK! SUMSKI) I i 
[Mat rn it* es* ti . t i tot Mi Mt«<Mty‘ 

PACE 14 IXPRfSS-NEWS SUNT AY MAGAZINE— Mb. 2o. 1977 

Plus 2nd Featute at San Pedro 
"THI STRANGER AND 
THE GUNFIGHTER 1 po 
•----------------lee Von C W 

Was 2nd Feature at Mission 
"WHEN IHI 
H I 
LEGENDS OIE ^ 
Richofd W id m a r k - ^ - ^ ^ ^ x 

N E T W O R K — Foy D u naw ay is a con/ving network executive in satire at the 
Central Park Fox a nd Century South. 

THE NEWEST. PINKEST 
PANTHER OF ALU 

P S T B S B H RS in ifrr*. HERSON ISM amu rum iHMWWSSlttl usin un awn 

MUMS STUM 
■•a* Rf WY MUCH! ilwc <*• >'<Wa> 
IWY ADAMS 
UwW» SMI it TOM JOHES 
■rite* 
HUNK WAUNA* 
** BLAKE ESWARDS 
PtmmM art teicM st BIAKE fcOWMKS iM.HMvisnr 
COM)* nOduie 

United Artists 
STARTS FRIDAY! 
NORTHWEST SIX-CENTURY SOUTH 

Today at 
Today at 

N O H T H W E B T S IX n »§ or un <f •«« (nadirs im w*42M 
SO U T H 8 
IS W fMASll 

T H U L 
M m 
® 

■emu" 12:1o-3 SS S OO 1:55 

Check display ad for times and policies 
Check display ad for times and policies 

"FREAKY FRIDAY" 
"FREAKY FRIDAY" 

"TKC SINTiKCl" 
"NETWORK" 

I 
BUFFALO JOMES" 
"THE SCNTMEl" 
"SEVEN PCR-GtN? 
SOLUTION" 
"KING KONG" 

THS MAGIC CHRISTIAN" 
"BUFFALO JONES" 
NIVER A DOI MOMENT 
"3 CABALLEROS" 
----------- 

'TOWN THAT 
DREADED SUNDOWN" 

VALLEY Hi 
’Revenge" 7.3o-1o 35 
"Shodow" 9 o5 
"RIVING!*' 
FROM PLANIT API' 

Today at 
San Pedro 
BUFFALO JONIS and "TNI STRANGER 
AND TNE 
GWnCHTlt" 

SAM PEDRO 
’•tm KMM •UTMM 
•« BrtWrt Rut 
Of* SATA 

TOWN THAT 
DREADED SUNDOWN' aret "A SM AII 
TOWN DI TEXAS" 

Check display od for timer 

"SLUMBER 
PARTY 57 and 
HAPPY HOOKER 

Ic 
I- m u m n 
W O O D E A W PM A fc J 
I A l l rn 111) 
D l i r . i n i . u tin day: 
5 oo-6 4o-8 2o-IO:OO i on a.no O-IO 
Mon.: 6.4o-8.2o -IO OO 
O .JU -8:U U V .JU 
N o Bargain Matinee 

An Extraordinary 
Adventure into the Unknown 

SHADOW OF 
THE HAWK 

 lan-Mjclwri HUCK! [PC; y 

W O O L I A W IN 
I A l l 
H N M m * . , ! * rut tit) 

Plus! 

T f c 
Most 
Xreuti/ul "DUP JAWS" (X) 
Ir e n e 
Tcntajy Pius! 
Im "DIVERSIONS" 

3 3o-6 3o 
9 3o 
* * " 
SCHOOLGIRLS' 11o-5:1o-8:1o 

M 
D 
' 
HOOKER' 
9.15 
PARTY 
7:3o-1o 55 
■■"'-■Aiyt y u n tam »•**• are Irettn Pal awa SAT* 

^ o i 
BoCtJV socks Hickeys Pony Tads 
Q > J tY ‘ 
o - 4 
Necking ana al me rest 

TJo 

■ of me "innocent “SOS 
Slumber 
Party '57 

Plus! LYNN REDG RAVE 
TH! HAPPY HOOKER (R) 

Ming Ives 

Their husbands are 

 too busy... 
«»rn«y 
.* 

4 / e 
4 - . 
I- I»'|V II 

Help yourself 

 to the 

Self-Service 
SCHOOLGIRLS 
{»•<*•«.*arent*rn pore wahoo *xjreun 

 i» im v M 
C 
T f i <») 

’ SCX MACHINE 7 3o-1o 2o 

FLESH GORDON' 9.1o-11:4o 

T n t t P 
Y 
THE ULTIMATE 
IN SCIENa 

Express-News 
225-1666 

© 
W O N D E R I 

1:15-3:2o-5:25 
7*3o-9:35 
I 2:3o-2:45-5:oo 
7:15-9:3o 

S I L V E R S T R E R I < ^ > 

P G 
5*1 «! GINI NIIMI JIH C H W MMM! WYOII 
«rr re*«cr*n fit. 
ROC1Y 

* ■ aM O k. 
BEST ACTOR 
BEST ACTRESS 

'r iL .r .w 
BEST director 
■ 
B R 
A P a n r M V 
V. ^ 
I 
Hl/AUtm Y 
BEST SCREENPLAY 
AWARD bestorw,n*iscore 

 ll A m i l ARPI A l l A 
BEST SUPPORTING 

W 
I A . At l r 
BIST DIRECTOR 
ACADEMY BEST SCREENPLAY 

SYI WFSTf H STAI I ONI 
AW ARD 
“EST oR.C.NAL SCORE 

MAMIX! ATI AHC 
BLST SUPPORTING 
NUMINATIuNS acto r 
^*¥JS*s k 
BEST PICTURE 

BEST SUPPORTING 
A C T O R 
BURGESS MlACDilH nv 1 vn 
D'iit wn mr 

"KNOCKOUT,, 
The climactic fight sequence is brutal and breath-taking - guaranteed to reduce even the gm most skeptical observer to a quivering fan... J* 
Even the most jaded preview crowd! have burst into applause at the film's doling.'1 
-MlHth . 

★ ★ ★ ★ 

Rocky' ' is a glowing tnbutetojlht human spirit.:. 
A wonderfully tender love f. affair It s th# creation of 
• truly '"*• sensational new talent ■ 
Sylvester 
Stallone: 
-Ma *&•« • am.) atar 

‘le t s say it right at the beginning-ROCKY’ IS 
ONE OF THE BEST 
MOVIES OF THE YEAR.' 
-a1 ni inauy m r* 

I * 

 r n 
. 

■ H r * 

THAT CMI IS A TRAMP ".nd v __________ PEART Of A SIMMER' 
- 
- 
XZSO....... .......... ..——- 

MACHINE 
I M 

AN CHJlRAGtOUS 
PARODY OF 
W W ir f A t s s u m u s/ to t* 

PGI PM**!* 
SJW ne 
S S S J S K s u m ! 

 ms AN UPPERCUT 
TO THE DEVIL S JAW 
AND AN UPPER 
FOR THE VIEWER S 
SPIRITS Rocky 
■ l l is a pugnacious. 
^ 
Charming grimy. beautiful fury 
S I 'die. A formidable accomplishment 
One of the best 
H K . scripts arid performances of the yew. 
TPP* iOWi I ax art <“•« 

A 
DELIGHTFULLY 
HUMAN 
COMEDY that wilt undoubtedly wind up as the sleeper of this 
* movie yew 
* 
Packed w*th comedy, perception, and sensitivity. 
Rocky’ is a 
-Sincere rousing film that raises the spirits and gladdens the 
* heart.’ 
-reWrtCMT 

•V Unit sri Artists 
S A 

 w » « (N EW LAUREL 
K B . 15th V 231o S A N PEDRO • 736 4551 

El A TUSI TIMMS! 
H 4o-3 oo-5:3o 
7 A a IO OO P M 
NO 8AAGAME MAT. 
Of RASHS 

A .. 

 fX P tBS NITO SUNDAY MAG AZIM I— Fa*. 2o. 197J PACI IS 

Downtown Plaza Store Basement 
228-428o 

Selections include floor sam ples, new , used dem onstrators, d a m a ge d and discontinued items. N o phone orders. All subject to prior sale, w hile they last 

WASHERS 

Stock No. Ite m ..................... Quart 
24921 Lady Kenmore w/14 selectors panel, 2 water levels......... \ 

26936 Lady Kenmore heavy doty, 5 temperatures, 4 levels ...... I 
26916 Gold, heavy duty, 4 levels, 5 wash-nnse tem ps.............. I 
26936 Lady Kenmore large capacity 4 water levels, 5 wash-nnse water temperatures .......... 2 
26754 Heavy duty 3 levels, 5 temperatures ................... I 
26931 Lady Kenmore, our best ..... I 
26931 Lady Kenmore, our best ..... I 
26656 Heavy duty 2 water levels, 3 water temperatures .......... I 
DRYERS 

66931 Lady Kenmore electric w/electronic sensor .......... I 
299.95 
66151 Electric, thermo heat control, a ir ................................... I 
139 95 
66711 Electric all fabric, large capacity ........... 
I 
229 95 
767o6 Heavy duty all-fabric large capacity gas .................... I 
299 95 
669o1 Electric 4 selector ............. I 
269.95 
667 3 6 Electric heavy duty with automatic or time control ... 2 
2o9.95 
66911 Electric with solid state sensor, heavy duty ........... I 
269.95 
669 o 6 Electric w/fabric 4 selector, solid state sensor ............. I 
279.95 
Avocado Gas Dryer 

W as 
N ow 

429 95 3o9.oo 

4o9 95 359.oo 

399 95 3o9.oo 

4o9 95 299.oo 

299 95 239.oo 
399 95 339.oo 
399 95 319.oo 

269 95 229.oo 

239.oo 

119.oo 

199.oo 

249.oo 
229.oo 

189.oo 

219.oo 

2o9.oo 

W as $259.95 

M odel 76734. 9 only 
$199 

REFRIGERATORS 

6 7 o 6 4 
2 2 ' side by Side w/icemaker and cold water tap ............ 
I 
7 7 9 95 
599.oo 
6 6 1 4 6 
1 9 ’ all frostless gold side by- side ................................... 
I 
6 5 9 9 5 
469.oo 
6 6 1 4 2 
19 all frostless copper tone side by side ....................... 
I 
6 5 9 9 5 
469.oo 
6 6 7 2 6 
17' top freezer, gold, on rollers, adfustable sfielves, door slightly dam aged ....... 
I 
4 5 9 9 5 
359.oo 

6 3 o 2 1 
19' wfiite Side by side frostless, damagerf on side 
I 
4 7 9 9 5 
319.oo 
6 5 9 6 1 
2 2 ' top freezer w/icemaker, water tap, rollers ............... 
I 
6 9 9 9 5 
489.oo 
SPORTING GOODS 

2 5 9 1 9 Table tennis talile .............. 
I 
6 4 9 9 
39.oo 
26 31 1 
Pin ball m achine ................ 
I 
29 9 o o 
99.oo 
58 5 9 1 
7.^-H P outboard motor, air cooled, clutch d riv e ............ 
I 
2 9 5 9 5 
199.oo 
. 
2 5 7 o 3 
3 in I bumper pool table w /balls and cues ............... 
I 
24 9 9 5 
149.oo 
DISHWASHERS 

76o56 5 -cycle portable w/power miser .......................... 
76o74 Portable Lady Kenmore 9 cycle w/power m iser................. I 
76o76 Portable Lady Kenmore 9 cycle w/power miser ................ I 

I 
319 o o 229.oo 

369 o o 289.oo 

3 6 9 o o 259.oo 

RANGES 

Stock No Item 
Drop in Cook Tops 

3 3468 3o gas 4-burner chrome .. 
432 
3o ' electric 4-burner, white 
Free Standing Ranges 

Quan. 
W as 
N ow 

179.95 
139 95 
129.oo 
79.oo 

Ceramic Cooktop Range 

3o-in. with continuous cleaning oven 

W as $389.95 
J 

3 to sell. M odel 91861 
259 

62664 3o electric, avocado w/all purpose electric clock ....... I 299.95 229.oo 
72o61 
3o white gas ra n g e ...... 3 
199.95 
179.oo 
74564 3 6 ” gas w/center grill, glass oven door ........................ I 4o9 95 
199.oo 
72261 3o gas, white w/visi-bake oven door ........................ I 
289 95 249.oo 
74561 3 6 ” gas, white w/center grill, continuous clean oven and automatic timer and clock ... 
I 399 95 
349.oo 
92366 3 o ” gold electric w/continuous clean oven, clock timer ..... I 359 95 
299.oo 

M icrow ave Ovens 
99651 
99771 
99451 
99o71 
99871 
Space Heaters 
73612 Sjiace heater 

Microwave oven ............... 3 469 95 
Microwave oven .............. I 429 95 
Microwave oven ............... I 369.95 
Microwave oven ............... I 199 95 
Microwave oven ............ . 3 449.95 

329.oo 
329.oo 
269.oo 
137.oo 
369.oo 

I 
199 95 129.oo 

TELEVISION 

Console Color 

4374 
2 5 ” modern walnut ......... 
1 
44741 2 5 ” modern cabinet, 1 oo % solid state ....................... I 
4475 
2 5 ” pecan cabinet, I button color, solid state ............... I 
438o1 2 5 ” w /electronic tune ...... I 
445 o 
2 5 ” walnut cabinet, 1 o o % solid state ....................... I 
44791 25 pecan cabinet ............ I 

Black & W hite 
5 o12 
12” portable .................... I 
5137 
17” port solid state ......... I 
Other Color TV 
4 2 1 o 
19” solid state w/1-button color tuning ..................... I 
4 17 3 
19” color TV ................... 2 
42o o 
19” I button color tune, solid sta te ............................... 2 
422o1 19” color w touch tune ...... 2 
4215 
19” w touctt tune ............ I 
(o< tv ptcHir* Igtm in«atur«o o»*roH diagonal) 

579 95 

669 95 

669 95 
829.95 

499 oo 
669 95 

1o9 95 
179 95 

319.oo 

459.oo 

399.oo 
449.oo 

349.oo 
499.oo 

79.oo 
149.oo 

489 95 399.oo 
389 95 299.oo 

479 95 329.oo 
479 95 359.oo 
499 95 399.oo 

19-in. Color TV 

O ne Button Color, Solid State 

M odel 4194 

W OS $459 
8 only 
*319 

FILE CABINETS 

6 o74 
4 drawer tile .................... 2 
1o4 95 
79.oo 
6 o 7 3 
2 drawer file .................... I 
74 o o 
59.oo 

FURNITURE 

Stock No. Item 
Quan. 
535o4 Traditional gold derm sofa, reversible cushions .......... I 
4 8262 Traditional gold sleeper . reversible cushions .......... I 
195o5 Hi back gold nylon swivel rocker. T-cushion .............. I 
16367 Charcoal brown velvet hi back traditional chair ................ I 
54417 
Brown He Man recliner 
I 
4 7343-23-33 3-pc. corner living room group .................... 
1 

5 4563 Qlive nylon tweed wall a-way recliner ........................... I 
4 51o2 Modern arm chair, olive plaid 
Herculon cushions ............ I 
13732 
White 4o hutch top ....... 4 
25555 4 8 ” maple dining room table, w/2 12” leaves. Formica top I 
54647 vinyl "soother” recline, bm. 
I 

64641 
Dark pine trestle desk ...... I 

64626 5-drawer 
Qpen Hearth” chest, 3 8 ” wide .............. I 
144o9 
Bonnet full poster b e d 
2 
13792 
Plate glass m irror............. 2 

W as 
N ow 

399 95 159.oo 

5 4 9 9 5 349.oo 

149 95 
89.oo 

199.95 
99 oo 
2 2 9 9 5 
99.oo 

1o29.oo 599.oo 

199.95 
99.oo 

199 95 
69.oo 
1o9 9 5 
39.oo 

159 95 
69.oo 
1 9 9 9 5 
79.oo 

279 95 179.oo 

28o.oo 179.oo 
1 o 9 9 5 
59.oo 
5 4 9 5 
19.88 

54495 Centurian tan recliner ........ I 
299.95 199.oo 
28/29493 
7-piece glass top table w/white upholstered chairs. s e * ............................. 
I 
399 OO 299.oo 
Full Foam Mattress 

All NEW — Still in Carton 

Were $89.95 

No. 76514 12 to sell 
____ $49 

28 29171 
7-piece dinette, glass top table, 6 molded plastic swivel chairs ............. I 
STEREO & SOUND 

97551 
13x22 in. walnut cased 

549 95 239.oo 

 speakers, pan .................. 
I 
159 oo 
79.oo 
9245 
A M -E M stereo system w/2 
13x22” speakers, turntatile 
I 
299 95 
189.oo 
9424 
Record player .................. 
I 
6 9 9 5 
29.oo 
97o21 
4-channel A M -F M stereo 8- track system .................... 
I 
219 95 
149.oo 
R D -8 o 1o 2/4 cfiannel "Sa n yo ” 8 track player only ....... . 
I 
69 95 
39.oo 
913o3 
A M FM 8 track system with 2 speakers .............. ........ 
I 
1o9 95 
49.oo 
9764 
Fisher 4/2 channel A M -F M stereo receiver o n ly ........... 
I 
569 95 
299.oo 
9oo62 
Record player ............... 
I 
84 95 
29.oo 
913o4 
A M EM 8 track system with 2 speakers ................. 
I 
1o9 95 
69.oo 
91732 
A M PM stereo receiver w 8 track player records ........ 
I 
279 95 
159.oo 
9386 
Akai stereo reel to reel recorder ...................... 
I 
399 oo 
199.oo 
74o51 
A M EM stereo receiver/remote speaker control ................ 
I 
169.95 
89.oo 
47165 
2 keyboard o rg a n ........ 
I 
299 95 
179.oo 
Console Stereos, Your Choice 

Spanish, Contemporary or Colonial Cabinets 
’179 

Were $269 to $329 

5 to sell 

DOWNTOWN PLAZA STORE BASEMENT 

PAC116 fXPRESS-NfWS SUNDAY MAGAZINf-feb. 2o. 1977 

★ 

SAN ANTONIO 

 magazine 

F e b ru a ry 2 o , I 9 7 7 

Exclusive! 

PAGES 9-1o-11 

BARBARA WALTERS 
VOWS SHE U STAY 

SUPER-SMART 
NEW ROBOT 

% ■ H ii 

 ta . 
J b '- 
FIGHTING ROOSTERS 

Hail to the chief - African style! New emperor has a real Napoleon complex 

Bowing and scraping are orders of the day in Emperor Bokassa's presence. 

 ruler of 2.5 million a ramshackle, pos- 

THE world’s newest self-styled Napoleon used to be known as just plain Jean Badel 
Bokassa when he was a sergeant in the 
French Army. 
Now he insists on the illustrious title of 
“His Imperial Majesty, Emperor Bokassa the First.” 
He’s the all-powerful unfortunate subjects in tage-stamp empire called the Central African 
Republic—one of the world’s most backward countries. 

Emperor Bokassa (left) is more ridiculous and tyrannical than his nearest rival, Ugan­ da's Idi Amin Dada. 
Bokassa holds life and death control over his subjects. 

Common citizens cannot get closer than 18 feet to their emperor, are required to bow in his presence, and must address him as “His 

A trip to Mars could be in baby’s stars 

SIX-monLh-old Gentry Lee 
Jr. could be the first man on Mars. 
He has already begun in­ structions from scientists at the Jet Propulsion Labora­ tory in Pasadena. Calif. 

It started as a joke Gen­ try’s dad is director of science analysis and mis­ sion planning at the lab. 

When Gentry Jr. was bom at almost the same lime as Viking I s touch­ down on Mars last year, scientists tabbed him for the first manned trip to 
M«*rv 

An official statement 

 inked: “While looking for life on Mars, Viking Project personnel have also ob­ served the occurrence of new life on Earth.” 

Gentry Jr. may have the last laugh 
“ He’s just crazy about the 
I crazy moon,” ihe proud papa 
THE STAR this week told 

“We took him for his first backpacking weekend and he wouldn’t stop looking at the moon. Every time it would go out of sight he would cry his head off. 

He could hardly be bet ter placed if he really does want to be an astronaut 

U.S. MIDS A PEACE 

DEPT., SATS SENATOR 

THE U S. used to have a War De­ partment and a senator thinks it’s now time to establish a Peace 
Department. 

Sen Spark Matsunaga (D-Ha­ waii) has introduced a mil to con­ solidate the Peace Corps and the 
Arms Control and Disarmament 
Agency into one department. 

Imperial Majesty.” 
Bokassa’s tiny nation was a French colony until 196o. 
In 1965, Bokassa led a military takeover, and in 1972 he appointed himself president for life. 
He has been the object of several assassi­ nation attempts Daring escapes have made him a hero to some. 
Several coups—including one organized by his son-in-law — have failed. 
Now he plans to crown himself emperor- complete with an expensive, gaudy crown from a Paris jeweler. 
No official date has been set for the cere­ mony, but Bokassa is planning to invite the world’s leaders to attend. 
Most will politely decline the despot’s re­ quest, but several opportunistic countries will be there. 
That’s because, amid all the poverty and suffering of the people, Bokassa has some thing the world wants — uranium. 
Bokassa’s empire has the eighth-largest ur­ anium deposit in the world. 
Experts say that tourism and uranium can be the keys to the Central African Republic’s future. 
Meanwhile, the country’s roads are falling apart, hospitals and schools are closing, and production of diamonds, cotton, and coffee— the main exports—is declining. 
Bokassa reportedly doesn’t fret over such matters, and is anxiously awaiting delivery of his expensive crown so he can set a date for the coronation. 
Steven Ford dates a college beauty 

“The time has come list! a peace office,” he to estab- 

STEV EN Ford, the ex-President’s youngest son, divides his time these days between hors­ es and beautiful Melanie Salata 
Melanie, 21, is a student at California Poly­ technics! Institute where Steve is studying an­ imal science by training horses 
The couple, shown above at the American 
Music Awards, rn Santa Monica, make no se­ cret of their romance, but questions of mar­ riage receive a Presidential “No comment * 

SAYINGS 
OF THE 
WEEK . . . 
• LILY TOMLIN, the comedi- enne-actress, talking about su­ per lover 
Warren 
Beatty: 
“Gosh no, I don’t hang out with him. But he will accept my calls.” 
• SEAN CONNERY, the bald­ ing Scottish actor: “Taking off my toupe and playing older— not younger—men, doesn’t seem to me to be particularly courageous—just honest.” 
• PAT MOYNIHAN, freshman 
Senator from New York, com­ menting on his new job: 
“Being in the Senate means you must be absolutely fear- h ss and try to be intelligent. I expect to be a good senator.” 
• REDD FOXX, comedian who lived in Hollywood for 25 years before he made his name: 
“The best thing about the good old days is that they’ve gone. 
• CHARLES BRONSON, one of the stars of Raid On En­ tebbe, commenting on 
Idi 
Amin’s threats to actors in the film: “I admit I'm afraid of 
Amin’s powers. I believe in such things.” 
• JOHNNY BENCH, the base ball star, talking about his money-earning status: “I used to be in the top five. Now I’m in the top 4o. I feel like a rec­ ord.” 
• JAMES 
ARNESS, who played TV’s Matt Dillon for 2o years: “I never tired of doing 
Gunsmoke all those years. I wasn't an actor fired up with ambition to play Hamlet.” 
• JACQUELINE BISSET, star of the forthcoming movie The 
Deep, on marriage: “I’ve noth­ ing against it but I don’t feel 
I’m missing anything by not being a Mrs. My attitude prob­ ably stems from the fact that when I was little my mother never made me feel that when 
I grew up my only option was to get married and nave chil­ dren.” 

AT age 42, Brigitte Bardot is no’ longer the sex kitten of French films, as the photo above shows 
But BB stays busy-busy. Be­ tween skiing vacations with 
£* year-old boyfriend Mirko Bro 
/**k, Bardot sells her line af sex> clothing, makes commercials, and oversees the Bardot Founda­ tion for Protection of Animals. 
“1116 animals take up most of my time," BB cooed. 

A meal to keep your diet secret 

Telly’s double says: I’m greater than T V ’s Kojak 

THE man above is named George Davalos. He is a New 
York cobbler and sick and tired of being mistaken for 
TV tough-cop Telly Savalas. 
“It’s ruining my private life,” Davalos told THE 
STAR. “Girls keep grabbing my behind and trying to pull off my suit.” 
Davalos, a former nightclub entertainer, who shaved his head five years ago because of an infection, has more than skin-deep resemblance to Savalas. 
“I can out-dance, out-sing, and out-talk Telly,” Dava­ los said. 

CHASTITY Bono, 8, finds life a snap with her father’s girl friend, 
Suzi Cuelho (above). 
Chastity and Suzi, 23, are often together. “Chastity keeps a close relationship with both her par­ ents," daddy Sonny told THE 
STAR. “She understands the situ­ ation with Cher and me.” 
Chastity said: “Smile for the camera." 
The Waltons’ Will Geer finds a Fonda 

Liza to play mother Judy in dad’s film 
Judy Garland 

.IZA Minnelli is warming up her best Judy Garland oice. 
Judy’s 3o-year-old daughter—pictured above in ler role as a nightclub singer in the upcoming New fork. New York—is planning to make a movie of ler mom’s life with her father, Vincent Minnelli, as 
Erector. 
The two were reluctant at first to try the project 
)ecause of their close relationship with the great letress and entertainer. 
But now the Minnellis are hunting for a backer or the project First in line is Judy’s old studio— 
MGM. 
Bob Hope presidency would be laughing matter 
BOB Hope's advice to Jimmy 
Carter: “If I was elected presi­ dent I would increase the laughter in America by starting a televi­ sion channel strictly for comedy. 
“People could turn to it when­ ever they needed a shot of hu­ mor.” 
Hope nearly got a chance to put his plan into effect. 
The 
73-year-old entertainer said: “I was once asked to run for 
President It took me about four days of deep soul-searching be­ fore I decided against it.” 

The offer — from the Republi­ cans — was made 12 years ago. 
The GOP finally picked Barry 
Coldwater, who was defeated in a landslide by Lyndon Johnson 
“Every time I see the President on television I think back to the time I was asked to run,” Hope said “I don’t regret it because 
I’m cm television more often than the President and the viewers are laughing with me. 
“He has to be serious 
“I have the freedom to enjoy myself.” 

WHAT is the kindly grandpa of 
The Waltons—Will Geer—doim laughing with sometimes shnl political activist Jane Fonda? 
Actually, the two have much in common 
Geer, 75, was a rebel actor during the McCarthy era of the early 5os and became one of many in Hollywood who couldn't get work because of alleged Com munist connections. 
Jane, 39, once created a nation al ruckus by visiting North Viet th poll' 
Chicago Seven member, Tom 

 nam and is presently married to left-wing politician and former 

Hayden. 

DEAR LOIS: Get me off thehook! 
I have been writing to a guy who is with the Army in Germany. 
He’s coming home in two months arui he wants to meet me. 
When I started to write to him, I was overweight, but now I am close to my ideal weight. So I’m not concerned about that. 
What bothers me is that he wants me to cook him a meal. I don’t want him to know that I am dieting 
How can 
I cover?— 
L.P.h T, College Park, Md. 
DEAR L.P.H.: 
Congratulations all around! And when you’ve served him the meal, maybe PU have to send further congratula­ tions—I hope. 
Most men love steak. While ifs not exactly good diet fare, I think in this case we’U stick to steak rather than diet: 
Consomme with fresh mush­ room slices. 
Steak (you have 4 ounces!), raw spinach, mushroom, and red on­ ion salad with dietetic Italian dressing 
Baked acorn squash halves filled with hot diet applesauce, rolls and butter (for him) 
Easy blender strawberry ice cream i/3 cup non-fat dry milk, 1/3 cup wider, 2 packages artificiid sweetener, W teaspoon vanilla, 12 strawberries, frozen. 
Mix all ingredients in blender to ice cream consistency. 
Serve immediately. Enjoy! 
Always tired 

DEAR Lois. I just had to write to see if you can help me lose 4o f unds. I am only 5 feet tall, and am 47 years old. 
I do not eat three meals a day. I combine breakfast and lunch arui eat about noon. Although I am al­ ways tired, I am not a good sleep­ er so I do iud arise until late in the morning I prefer two filling meals and something light at nighttime I have been nibbling, and it’s something very hard to stop—Mrs. 
S.C., 
Weymouth, 
Mass. 
DEAR MHS S. C.: I could send you a diet—but what needs chang­ ing most is your way of eating. 
Recently I read that a Morris­ town, N.J., doctor discovered that his “ always tired” patients con­ fessed to eating no b reak fasts fact he uncovered by taking a de­ tailed medical history. These pa­ tients also suffered from fluid re­ tention 
He prescribed a high protein breakfast, and three fourths re­ ported less fatigue and less fluid, when you are not satisfied at night, and are subliminally hun­ gry, you cannot sleep deeply. 
I’ll make a pact with you. You change your habits to three meals a day, and I’U send you some diet ideas. 

Diet Workshop 

By 
Lots 
Usdossr 

Director of Diet Workshop 

SELF-DEFENSE FOR WOMEN 

By Emil Parkas of National Self Defense Institute. 

ATTACKS against women fre­ quently occur unexpectedly. 
A man who may be known to you may suddenly turn out to want more than you’re willing to give. If he grabs you around your waist and attempts to force unwanted favors from you, lift your right hand up 

 high, open your palm and de­ liver a strike with your palm heel to the bottom of his nose. 
Make sure you use all your force and weight when deliver­ ing the blow and immediately run and summon police. 
Shout as you deliver the blow 
—it will scare him . 

By ANN HOLT 

A PARENT’S love and patience at home are crucial factors in helping a child develop a positive attitude toward school, according to a top child psychologist. 
Dr. Stella Chess of New York 
University Medical Center, and author of the book How To Help 
Your Child Get The Most Out Of 
School, (Doubleday), gives these tips to parents with schoolchil­ dren: 
O 
Express interest in your child’s schoolwork. Don’t be removed or bored. 
• 
Listen when your child is talking about school. Get an open dialogue going between you. 
• 
If you have useful infor­ mation that will help your child, give it without being an 
‘authority’ on the subject. 
o 
Don’t cross-question your child about school. Avoid making your inquiries into inves­ tigations. 
Teach your child not to be afraid of asking questions. 
Explain that it is not shameful to be ignorant of something, and that the reason he is going to school is to learn. 
1 
• 
Get to know your child’s teacher as a human being. 
Make it clear that you are inter­ ested in your child’s education and want to help as much as you can. 
• lf your child has any special learning problems, discuss them freely with the teacher. 
• 
See that the place your child does his homework is comfortable. Children have indi­ vidual needs Let him find his own 
"space” . 
Don’t have a pre-con- ceived notion of how your child ‘should’ be studying. Find out your child’s likes, and what is suitable for him. 
• 
Discourage studying and watching TV at the same time. Set aside special TV time, 

A GOOD ATTITUDE 
TOWARD LEARNING 
BEGINS AT HOME 

Affflk 
Never assume your child will fail. Even if you have received a note from the teacher that your child is not doing well, don’t assume it is the end. 
© 
Discuss any problem with the teacher. Keep in mind there is always something that can get a child moving on the right path in school. 

O child 

 ng ade and learning time. 
• lf you have just moved to a new town, visit the school and find out what the rules are. 
Find out what kind of ‘dress’ is right so your child will fit in. 

MALE 
MODELING 
The Borbtzon School announces ifs complete male modeling program including TV 
W ORKSHOP, Photo­ graphic Modeling and 
Fashion Showing. 
CLASSES FORMING 
NOW. For full informa­ tion without obligation. 
Mail this coupon or 
PHONE: (512)-S24-639I 

J tU L & A K filIQ ^ £ H O O t 
PH O N E (512) 8 2 4 -6 2 9 T 
17oo (townhill Sun Antonio, Twas dupt I 

 up. 

 age 

 areas, you may be able to help out at home. 
Avoid making your child 
^ l r self-conscious about a learn­ ing problem. Instead, reassure him that with your help and the teacher’s, he will ‘catch up’. 
If you are a working par- ent, or a family where both parents work, don’t use that as an excuse to neglect your child. Re­ member, even a few devoted min­ utes of your time will mean some­ thing to your child. 

O 
Find out how you can help at home. Ask if the child needs special teaching or counsel­ ing. 
» 
© 
Avoid thinking of the' child’s teacher as the ene-1 my. This is a holdover’ from some parents’ own school days and is a far too common — and erroneous — concept. 
I U 
Understand the real jpur- 
^1^ pose of ‘homework’. Chil­ dren are supposed to get practice from homework. It is not assigned so the child will get ‘a good mark’. 
Don’t do your child’s homework! Children should be al­ lowed to do their homework. 
O lf your child comes home from school cranky, irrita­ ble, unhappy and complaining, you KNOW something is wrong. 
Ask your child what the problem is. If you cannot help him at home, don’t dally! See the teach­ er and work something out togeth­ er. 
If your child’s teacher 
Sr sends a report saying that 
Susie behaved poorly, don’t rush to the school with the attitude, 
‘How dare you talk that way to my darling9’ Listen to what the teacher has to say. 
Jfjk 
Don’t scold or scream at 
OSP your child and say things like, ‘Why can’t you be a good stu­ dent like your sister?’ That will only inflame a problem. 
• 
Be patient. Some children learn certain concepts quicker than others. This differ­ ence in development has nothing to do with intelligence. If your child is ‘slow’ in one (rf these 

Amy Lour Is baby on the way? 
Ffrst white whale birth rn captivity expected 

THE BIRTH of the first white whale in captivity is being anx­ iously awaited by workers at the 
New York Aquarium. 
They think 
Amy 
Lou, the 
Aquarium’s youngest white whale, is about seven months into a 12-14 month pregnancy. 
But they don’t really know for sure. 
‘‘The trouble is, whales don’t get as noticeably pregnant as oth­ er animals,” head trainer Austin 
McDevitt told THE STAR. 
•‘We were doing a routine ex­ amination with a kind of sonar machine and we saw what looked like the head of a fetus. That’s mostly what we have to go on. 
‘‘It’s not as easy as a woman going and having a blood test.” 
Aquarium workers say they don’t know who the prospective father is. 
He’s probably Blanchon, the 
2o-year-old white whale in the tank next to Amy Lou. 
Birt he could be an unknown, living in the icy waters off Cana­ da where Amy Lou was captured last July. 
White whales, which fully grown measure about 2o feet, live in the Arctic and sub-Arctic wa­ ters of the Northern hemisphere. 
Amy Lou’s human guardians expect a May or June delivery 

They fear if Amy Lou is not pregnant she may be suffering from a tumor. 

The Page One photo of Liz Taylor & husband 
John Warner was taken when they attended a dinner recently in New York. Here they are on another of their nights out together. 

Liz and John Warner attend a meeting near their home in Middleburg. 

Liz Taylor (45 this month) 
John tan make me says: do anythin 

ELIZABETH TAYLOR talked frankly this week about her love for seventh husband John 
Warner. 
“We’ve got the most gorgeous thing going be­ tween us and I just know my very long search is over,” Liz said as she and Warner snuggled on a couch in their Middleburg, Va. farmhouse. 
On the eve of her 45th birthday (Feb. 27). Eliza­ beth said gentleman farmer and political hopeful 
Warner is all she's ever wanted in a man. 
“John’s the best lover I ever knew,” she said as they playfully scratched each other’s palms. “He’s the kindest man I’ve ever met. 
“It sounds corny but he has an honesty and integ­ rity I’ve never seen in any man before. He’s hand­ some and debonair and I think he makes the perfect politician. Mr. Bicentennial himself.” 
It was former U.S. Navy Secy. Warner’s role as chairman of the U.S. Bicentennial that brought him and Liz together. 
Though they’d met once before, they got to know each other at a British Embassy affair in Washing­ ton during Queen Elizabeth B’s Bicentennial visit to the United States. 
Warner says: “I was her blind date in a sense and the romance started that very night.” 
Today, Uz the star has become Liz the housewife. 
“I want to stay home down on the farm,” she said. “From now on there just won’t be those big starring roles. I’ll just do cameos that don't take me away for long — and at the same time it still keeps me in my profession. 
“I just don’t want to work as hard in the future. 
I’m happier staying home with my new husband and cooking him his fried chicken. 
“I absolutely love my life here in Virginia. My only complaint is that I must go on a diet. We’re doing too much cooking and I ve got to lose some weight. 
“The champagne and caviar life is there anytime we want it but we prefer enjoying ourselves at home alone We get rid of the household staff at night and I’ll work in the kitchen. 
“Warner talks to me or I II play the radio while I’m getting dinner ready. He's crazy about chicken. 
“ We’ve made a 5o-5o deal to go everywhere together. We ll both do what the other wants so long as it fits into John’s schedule. 
“ He can make me do what he wants — except make me preg­ nant. I don’t have the tubes ” 

 he wants 

 arnee both love riding horses in the 
Virginia countryside. 

By IVOR KEY 

Nuzzling against Warner, Uz seemed to anticipate an obvious question. She continued speaking, soft but emphatic: 
“I still get 

 asked about Richard 
Burton 
- some people even think Warner looks like Richard. 
“They’re wrong John is a more basic man — you can see the depth and that’s more important 
Anyway I don’t look backwards anymore. 
“It’s all forward from now on. 
Ye*i, we’re friends, all four of us 
We will remain friends, but like everything else from my past, 
I’m learning to forget it all.” 
Warner gave no sign he minded the reference to Burton, whom 
Robert Redford, left, greets U i and Warner at a party. 
WHY LOVE CAN BEGIN AT 4o FOR WOMEN 
ELIZABETH TAYLOR S sex life probably IS better with John War­ ner, say three top psychiatrists. 
Bid Liz herself is part of the reason, the doctors said in dis­ cussing her statement, “John’s the best lover I ever knew ” 
“ Liz at 45 is at the peak of her sexual desires,” said Dr. Daniel 
Casriel, psychiatric director of the Casriel institute of Group Dy­ namics in New York. 
“Around her age women feel liberated sexually They lose their early inhibiting training. Then too, Elizabeth knows she can t have any more children so she can feel very relaxed. And since there Isn t any need for contra­ ception, there is nothing to inter­ 

 fere with their having a sponta­ neous sexual life.” 
Liz’s new lifestyle with Warner is also a factor, added Dr. Harry 
Panjwani, consulting psychiatrist at Saddle Brook General Hospital, 
Saddle Brook, N.J. 
“Because of John, she is not just an ex-movie queen. She may re the wife of a governor or sena­ tor,” Dr. Panjwani said. 
“Warner offers her stability. 
She has more of a private life No longer is someone snappuig her picture at every turn or comment­ ing if she puts on five pounds All this makes Uz more relaxed and adds to the fulfillment of her love life with John.” 

Dr. Elayne Kahn, director of the New York Center for Sexual and Marital Guidance, said: “lf 
John acts in the bedroom as he does in public life, it might be very exciting sexually. 

How well do you know your Bible? 
I: What is the last line of the 
I 23rd Psalm? 
2: What feature of their births did Isaac and Samuel have in j common’ 
3: What did Peninnah and Han- 
! nab have in common? What did 
Baalim and Ashtaroth have in 
I common? 
4: 
It was predicted: 
“ For 

 though thy people Israel be as the sana of the sea, yet a remnant of them shall return.” By what pro­ phet’ Was it: A: Isaiah; B: Eli­ jah; C: Jeremiah, D: Deborah. 
5: It happened in the 6ooth year of his life, in the second month, the 17th day of the month. Who was he and what happened? 

Liz married twice. Burton also has a new wife, the former Suzy 
Hunt, and the two couples spent some time together while Liz and 
Warner were honeymooning in 
Europe. 
As Liz scurried into the kitchen to make snacks, Warner talked about his own feelings. 
“ I know I’ve lost my heart to a lovely lady,” he said. “We’re just having a ball. She wanted to settle down and now she’s enjoying the permanency of having one place and calling it home 
“We’re doing our thing and the razzle-dazzle part of her life is coming to an end. She's had a troubled life — filled with a lot of bad luck 
“I’m doing all In my power to change it so she has the best from now on.” 
Warner said he hasn't decided about a rumored plan to seek the 
Republican nomination as U.S. 
Senator from Virginia 
But he* made it clear if he does try, Uz will be a partner in the effort. 
“I’m just traveling the state,” he said, “talking with people, meeting with them and letting them take a good look at me and my bride ” 
Returning with the snacks, Lls revealed she might have some­ thing else in mind for Warner if his political plans falter. 
Noting she’s never directed d it­ her film career, she kidded: 
I did direct, I think I’d per-, haps have John starring as a cow­ boy in a Western " 

STAR LETTERS • STAR LETTERS • STAR LETTERS • STAR LETTERS 

Little Johnnie slipped up on a banana problem 

THE INCREDIBLE 
THINGS KIDS SAY 

MY little Johnnie was having trouble peeling the banana I gave him. After fumbling with it tor a while, he asked; “ Mommy, please undo my banana for me.”—Mrs. 
Vincent J. Nugent, Grants Pass, 
Oregon. 

S/iin deep 

FOUR-Y KAR-OLD Erie came in crying with a dark bruise on his forearm. Worried that it might be a possible fracture, I asked him if it hurt on the outside or deep down. 
"It hurts on my skin. Mom It doesn’t hurt on my skeleton.”— 
Mrs. P.M. Pederson, Minneapolis, 
Minn. 
Hog hospital 

TODAY we took our dog Blackie to the vet. My littlest sister was very sad without Blackie, so after a while she went to my mom and asked 
"Mom, when do visiting hours start?”—lindy Yahr, Flint, 
Mich. 
Hold inf* on ... 

WE HAD just moved in and there was this big tree by our house and 

 my five-year-old sister was very high in it. 
I ran and told Dad and he ran out to the tree and she yelled; 
"Help me, Daddy!” 
Dad said: "Gina, what are you doing up there?” 
She answered: 
"Holding on tight, Daddy, holding on tight!”— 
Laura Carroll, Bentonville, Ark. 
A mismatch 

ONE chilly morning, my son Troy could only find some mis matched mittens. It was too late to find the mates, so I said he’d have to wear them. 
"Mom, I can’t go to school with these,” he protested, "they don’t rhyme.”—Mrs. 
Robert 
Freeh, 
Kansas City, Mo. 
Sc fatal fxt Lh 

IT WAS my daughter’s first day at kindergarten and her father 

 and I went to the school to pick her up. She came out holding hands with a little boy. 
When we told her we were tak­ ing her to grandmother’s house, die said 
"But I can’t go with you. I’m coing over to George’s house and play and then bes going to ride me home on his tri­ cycle ”- Dorothy S. Fuller, Moun­ tain Home, Ark. 
Hot (lay in silt e 

MY KITCHEN became quite ov­ erheated during the roasting of a holiday turkey dinner, and my grandson piped up: "Grandma, please take me outside. It’s such a hot day in the house.”—Betty 
Model!, Brooklyn, N.Y. 
Mommy's back 

AFTER my cousin had twins, I overheard her five-vear-old daughter say to a friend: "I’m glad Mommy’s not pregnant any­ more Now she has time to play with me.”- Bill LeBouvier, New 
Rochelle, N.Y, 
(rftdSi fingernail 

WHEN one of my sisters was a very little girl, she looked up at a new moon one night and asked our mother: "Mommy, is that 
Gods fingernail?—Elynor 
M. 
Gobtn, Mountain View, Calif. 

C CL POR YOUR 
LETTERS 
WE pay ti for each letter printed 
Address your letters to whichever section you are writing to: Things 
Kids 
Say. Please Pray For, or simply, Liveliest Utters, followed by San Antonio Express, P.O. Box 
2171, ban Antonio, Texas 78297. 
There is no payment or fee for prayer requests. 

Please pray for... 

MY HUSBAND AND MYSELF...that I will give him a healthy baby next month — Pamela Hays, San Antonio, Tex. 
MY DEAR FRIEND’S LITTLE SISTER...who is four and-a-half years old, that ber open heart surgery will be successful. — Sherral Franco, 
Buena Park, Calif. 
FIjOYD MY BROTHER-IN-LAW that he pull through the open heart surgery in which part of hrs heart has to be removed — Ruth and Rich­ ard Madrid, Taylor, Mich. 

MY MOTHER that she recover from brain surgery without complica­ tions- Michelle, Ohio 

MY SISTER , who was arrested in New York for soliciting and is now home with us, that God give her strength to start life over — Loving brother, Grand Rapids, Mich. 
MY FATHER , that he get well after his operation next week —IBs daughter, Wilmington, Del. 

AND all the Star readers who asked for prayers. 

MY husband and I were having a little argument concerning our ages. We are the same, but I look a few years younger because 
I have taken better care of myself. 
I said to him: "We shouldn’t be saying these things after all we have meant to each other. Re­ member when we took that sol­ emn oath that we would grow old together? Don’t blame me be­ cause you went ahead without me.” 
That brought a smile and a kiss and ended our argument. Mrs. G. 
E. Palmer, Ogunquit, Me. rime payment 

WHEN the bookkeeper in our of­ fice came back from a cruise, I asked her how she had enjoyed it. 
"Oh,” she replied, "I met the most wonderful man. He proposed and we’re going to get married. 
But we have to wait until we both get our cruises paid for.”— J.L., 
West Palm Beach, Fla. 
Linda needs more zip 

WONDER WOMAN has tho mak­ ings of a hit series—if only they would ham things up a bit more. 
The gimmicky comic-strip effects should be extended, and the whole thing should be done more tongue- in-cheek. 
Lynda Carter looks gorgeous in her Wonder Woman outfit, but she 

My husband broke a 
HME wedding vow 
SB by growing up 

Lynda Carter: She needs more zip as Wonder Woman, says reader. 

 doesn’t DO anything. She runs like any other woman, and seems so ineffectual. 
I reckon if the series producers a lot moire Zap-Pow-Whizz- into the show they could wipe out the Bionic Woman — J. 
Hart, West New York, N J. 
Idle boast 

A FRIEND of mine was forever boasting about how he never had a sick day in his life or missed a day of work because of illness. 

But at 37, paranoia is setting in as he feels he’s getting too close to 4o So for the past five months he’s been trying to get into tip-top shape—quit smoking, stopped drinking, went on a low-fat diet, and took up tennis. 
Three weeks ago, he developed a very bad cold, and today he’s still in bed with a thermometer stuck in his mouth. 
When I jokingly refreshed his memory about never being sick, he said: "That lousy bug just didn’t see my detour sign.”— M. 
Benson, Alhambra, Calif. 
Fairy tales 

MY HUSBAND decided he would tuck our three-year-old daughter into bed and help her with her prayers. 
Moments later he was back whispering: "You had better take over, honey. 
I’m getting the 

 and her 
’— Wally words of her prayers fairy tales all mixed up.’ 
Penrose, Duluth, Minn. 

I/n e - or moneyf 

ONE bitter winter day, my fiance was ten minutes late in picking me up at the train station. When we got in front of my house, he rushed me out of the car because he was going to be late for work. 
I teasingly asked him why he 

 can be late for me but not work and he answered: "Because you don’t pay me.” 
"Which is more important love or money?” I retorted, and he came right back with: "They’re equal.” 
I left him stunned when I said: 
"Just remember that when I leave you for a rich guy.”— Cyn- die King, Kearny, N. J. 
Striking sign 

HERE’S a clever sign I saw on a wall in a bowling alley. 
"Mothers, get your kids off the streets and into our alleys.”— Ir­ ene Nowicki, Toledo, Ohio. 
Haffynitions 

HERE are my daffynitions: Le prechaun—bantam phantom; credit card—thriver’s license: bi­ ography—careerview mirror; junk mail—parcel pest; astronaut 
—milky wayfarer— 
Wallace 
Jones, Belleview, Mo. 
$6oo,ooo robot walks dog and empties garbage 

ELECTRONICS wiz Ben Skora has invented a $6oo,ooo robot to do domestic chores, empty garbage and walk his dog. 

The mechanical man servant whose name is AROK, is fast be­ coming a celebrity on the talk show circuit. 

"Everybody wants him for per­ sonal appearances,” Skora, 5o, of 
Palos Hills, 111, told THE STAR 

He said it took him six years to construct and perfect AROK — pictured with his master above 

"I regard him as an extension of myself,” Skora said. "He even looks like a human being. 
"It s amazing the look on peo­ ple’s faces when he opens the door to them. Children just love him Despite his size, ne is so gentle.” 
Skora has taught AROK to serve drinks, greet visitors and walk the dog, Benj!. 
“Sometimes I stand at the win­ dow and wsttch him take Bend for a walk,” Skora said. “The looks he gets from motorists are incre­ dible ” 

Special in The Star 
NEXT WEEK 
A SHROUT 

CALENDAR 

3 FOR THE MONTH 
3 
OF MARCH 

Hang it on the wall so that yow can see what the stars foretell day-by-day 

These in the are the IO scariest places country, say the experts 

THE TOP TEN 
HAUNTED CITIES 
IN THE NATION 

Chicago ------ 
San Francisco 
Washington, D. 
New York City 
Atlanta--------- 
Boston --------- 

C. 

New Orleans 
San Diego - 
Philadelphia 
St. Louis — 

Ghosts 

— 
175 

— 
11o 

— 
9o 

— 
75 

— 
7o 
— OO 

— 
6o 
— 
SO 

— 
35 

— 
25 

A TEAM of ghost hunters this week released their list of America s most haunted cities. 
The country’s spookiest city, they say, is Chicago with 175 documented cases of ghosts. But the most haunted region is New England where almost every' town more than IOO years old has at least one spirit roaming its streets. 
The list was compiled by Dr. Peter 
Garrett, a former professor of psycholo­ gy at the University of Illinois who is writing a book on ghosts; Mark Turck, a professor of parapsychology; and 
Richard Crowe, a Chicago authority on ghosts and haunted houses. 
“The figures in our list (see panel) are only approximate, of course,” Gar­ ret told THE STAR 
“We’re counting only the well-known and documented ghosts, and not just old haunted houses.” 
The ghost experts place the Midwest, the West, the South and the Southwest after New England as the five most- haunted geographical regions in the 
US 

By BOB AB BOR INO 
| 

A record-setting Afghan oversees 15-pup sup 

NEXT time the chow bounds in your family get you down, remember this pe­ digreed Afghan from South Africa. If any of the proud momma’s record-set­ ting 15-pup litter gets out of line, it’s straight to the dog house. 

Garret said Chicago got the title of the most haunted city because (rf the va­ riety of its ghosts as well as the num­ ber. 
“The city and the area around it has everything from a hitch-hiking ghost to a disappearing house,” he said. 
Richard Crowe rates Chicago’s Re­ surrection Mary and the Ghost House near Bachelor Grove Cemetery as the two best spooks in America. 
Resurrection Mary is a classic ghost tale, according to Crowe. 
Mary, a teenager who loved dancing, was killed in an auto accident in 1931 while on her way to a dance. 
Over the years, young men have re­ ported picking up a beautiful hitchhiker in a fancy old white dress who coaxes them into taking her dancing. 
But while driving past Resurrection cemetery where Mary was buried and always seems to appear, the girl screams, jumps from the car, and van­ ishes. 
The Ghost House is probably the only vanishing house in the country Witnesses have reported seeing it on either side of an old road near Bachelor Grove Ceme­ tery. 
They all report similar details, including wooden pillars, a porch swing, and a lantern burning faintly inside. 
Tile only trouble is that there isn’t a house on that part of the road and there never was. 
Probably the most haunted sin­ gle spot in America, according to experts, is the White House. 
Everyone from Queen Wilhelmina of the Netherlands to Harry S 
Truman claim to have seen the ghost of Abraham Lincoln prowl­ ing the halls and rooms of the 
White House. 
Other witnesses claim they’ve seen the ghosts (rf Lincoln's son, 
Willie, who died in the White 
House, and Abigail Adams, the wife of John Adams. 
The ghost hunters say that pos­ sibly the strangest house ever built is the Mystery House of San­ ta Clara Valley, south of San 
Francisco 
It was buitt IOO years ago, not for humans but for a ghost 
Boston heiress Sarah Winches­ ter built the 16o-room mansion for her dead husband, William, son of the inventor of the Winchester ri­ fle, on the orders of a Boston me­ dium. 
It took 36 years to build and the ghost of William wanders through its rooms to this day, according to 
Garrett 
The ghost experts say that New 
England also boasts some famous ghosts including Aaron Burr, Al­ exander Hamilton, Sam Adams, and Martin Van Buren 
There are also ghosts of witches and Indians who were violently murdered by their neighbors, both white and red. 
Aa non Burr, who shot Alexan­ der Hamilton, is supposed to haunt a number of places in New 
York, particularly along the Hud­ son River, and in southern Massa­ chusetts, according to Garrett. 
Burr’s ghost is seen most often along the heights around the U S. 
Military Academy at West Point, where he was seen by a number of cadets just a few years ago. 

Pyramid power replaces the pet rock craze 
AMERICANS are throwing away heir pet rocks , . . and turning to lyramid power. 
Models of Egypt’s Great Pyr- imid of Cheops are one of the big­ gest sellers on the market, and lyramid owners claim their new nys possess amazing powers. 
Baseball star Ted Sizemore of 
;he I/)S Angeles Dodgers kept a pyramid in his locker last season, and said the team lost most road games when he didn t have his pyramid along The Toronto Ma­ ple Leafs play with multicolored 
Lines scattered around their rink. 
And now dentists Dr. Leonard 
I jnkow of New York and Dr Pals 
Garefis of Los Angeles are expert meriting with pyramids to see if they affect a patient’s ability to accept dental implants. 

WARTIME SWEETHEARTS WED 
AFTER 36 YEARS 
GLENN MILLER'S old hit record Chattanooga Chao 
Choo has brought together two wartime sweethearts in a romance that spans 36 years and two continents. 
Maurice Kingston was a sailor aboard the British cruiser Liverpool when he first met Neoma Ricks in 
San Diego, Calif., in 194o He spotted her in a ball­ room, and when the band struck up Chattanooga 
Choo Choo he asked her for a dance 
It was the start of a whirlwind romance that ended three months later, when Kingston’s ship left San 
Diego after repairs. The couple vowed to keep in touch, but after the war, Maurice returned to England and got married. In America. Neoma also married. 
In 1974, Maurice’s wife died Then one night, he heard the Glenn Miller hit on the radio, and decided to get in touch with Neoma He wrote to a San Diego newspaper which published his story. 
Soon after, a letter from Neoma, now divorced, ar­ rived at his home in Southport, England. She visited 
Maurice — and last week, the couple were married in 
Maurice’s hometown A beaming Neoma told THE 
STAR. “The whole thing is like a fairytale.” 
It’s cheers for Maurice and Neoma on their wedding day. 

\ 
J?-* 
, 
&K; llMPBH 
* 
Bm ppBjgs izJy 
| i i i A 

EX-TEACHER 
DEFIES DEATH 
FOR A LIVING 

RISKING death is a way of life for Arthur Bakunas Jr. 
Bakunas is a professional stunt­ man who specializes in jumping off things line the 2o2-foot obser­ vation tower in Aurora, Ohio and the top tier of Cleveland Indians’ 
Stadium. 
The Aurora leap gave Bakunas the record for the world’s longest jump, but he doesn’t jump for rec­ ords or fame. He does it for mon­ ey 
Bakunas quit his job as a high school physical education teacher two years ago to look for a more exciting occupation. 
He was accepted as a member of the East Coast Stuntmen’s As­ sociation after building an asbes­ tos suit and setting himself on fire. 
Bakunas' only life insurance during his jumps is an inflatable mattress he designed. It’s 3o ft. x 
4o ft. wide and 12 feet deep. He admits that from 15o feet in the air, it looks uke a postage stamp. 
After more than 3oo leaps of more than IOO feet, Bakunas says all that bothers him is the onlook­ ers who hope he’ll miss the mat­ tress. 
“They want to see me splat on the pavement,” he says, ‘ but I guess that’s human nature.” 

Bakunas jumps from a cliff dur­ ing a movie scene. 

Barbarino—the opera star! 

JOHN TRAVOLTA who plays Barbarino on 
Welcome Back Rotter, is such a good singer. 
Does he have plans to do any live concerts or tours?—Jane Stone, Garden City, N.Y. 
NO immediate plans. But amazingly enough, John has been offered the lead role in an opera. 
The director of the New York City Opera Company offered him the role of the young soldier in the opera, 
L’Histoire Du Soldat, which premieres this spring. 
John has never done an opera before but he says he’s strongly considering it: “It would be the chal­ lenge of my career,” he explains. 
Drug bust 

WHAT happened with that mari­ juana bust that sent Ryan O’Neal to jail last year?—Pat Trayner, 
Las Vegas, Nev. 
THE charges were dropped after 
Ryan completed a court-ordered drug education program. It con­ sisted of seeing a counselor a cou­ ple of times and writing a paper on the ills of drugs. 
Panther bonanza 

■ 

John Travolta: 
Opera role. 
Jane Fonda: 
Domestic life. 
S T A R T R A C K 

T.V. today. He feels it should be uplifting instead of so violent. 
He’s received many offers to make a T.V. comeback, but he’s just not interested in the type of shows they want him to do. 
Sour note for Tom 

IS Peter Sellers making a lot of money from the Pink Panther movies he’s doing?—Craig 
Rands, San Francisco, Cal. 
A BUNDLE. From last year’s one 
—The Return of the Pink Panther 
—Peter earned $4 million. And his latest, The Pink Panther Strikes 
Again promises to earn him at least that much. 

Truman and Jackie ! 

! ■ ■ ■ 
I ■ 
. ■ 
■ 
■ 
— 
■ 
. I . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 
I I 
— 
■ ■ ■ ■ 
, 
♦I 
IS Truman Capote as good friends with Jackie Onassis as all the gos­ sip magazines say?—Karen Gil­ bert, Truro, Mass. 
THE relationship is on social terms. Capote recently said of 
Jackie: ”She’s a totally created person who made herself from top to bottom.” Hardly an endearing description. 
Red slams TV 

I’D like to know what one of tele­ vision’s greats, 
Red 
Skelton, thinks of T.V. nowadays— IJIIian 
Satchwell, Burlington, Vt. 
RED says he’s disappointed with im single 
Ms raise kids rn their own 

THE NUMBER of single fathers bringing up children alone has in­ creased four fold in the past 16 years. 
The Census Bureau’s latest fig­ ures reveal single father house­ holds now number 856,ooo. In 196o, there were only 232,ooo in Amen ca. 

Helen 
A. 
Mendes, assistant professor of the School of Social work at the University of South­ ern California, told THE STAR that some fathers do better than others at raising kids. 

ANSWERS TO OBIT QUIZ i rem Page $ 
1. ‘ Surely goodness and mercy shall follow me all the days of my life; and I will dwell in the house of the Lord for ever” (Psalms 23 6). 
2. Both were bom of previously barren women after divine interces­ sion. 
3. Pemnnah and Hannah were both married to Elkanah Baalim and 
Ashtaroth were both false gods served by the children of Israel. 
4. A: Isaiah. 
5. Noah. On that day, the “windows of the heavens were opened” and the Great Flood began. 

HOW does Tom Jones feel about the picture in which he was mak­ ing his acting debut being can­ celled?—Roy Debbs, San Antonio, 
Tex. 
TOM was bitterly disappointed rather than mad. Even more than a career move, his debut as an actor represented a longtime sup­ pressed desire. The film, Yocko- 

 wald, about a hired assassin, was cancelled in mid-production due to lack of money. And Tom felt he was doing a bang-up job. Howev­ er, his performance is now sitting on the shelf. 
Housewife Jane 

I HEARD that Jane Fonda has 

 become a real homebody. Any de­ tails?—Maureen 
Duggan, 
San 
Diego, Calif. 
JANE and her husband Tom have settled into a very domestic life since his defeat in the Senatorial primaries last year. They live in an old house in the hippie section of Los Angeles called Venice. 
Last Halloween, Jane personal­ ly gave trick or treaters candy at their door. 
Youth secret 

HOW does Paul Newman manage to stay so young looking? At 52 it can’t be just good food and exer­ cise as everyone says.—Janet 
Martha, St. Louis, Mo. 
ACCORDING to a renowned rt on aging, Paul probably just d the right set of parents. Heri­ tage is supposedly one of the ma­ jor factors in how well you hold up to the years. Living right is ac­ tually just a secondary factor, 
How Charlie’s Angels measure up 

WHICH of the girls on Charlie’s Angels is the tallest? Ifs hard to tell on T.V.—Steve Tolley, Miami, Fla. 
KATE JACKSON is the tallest at 5-ft. 7-ins. She’s also the highest paid at $1o,ooo per episode. Then comes Jaclyn Smith who’s 5-ft. 6-ins. and earns $5,ooo per show. Farrah Fawcett is 5-ft. 5Vfc ins. and also earns 
$5,ooo per show. 

STARSCOPE ★ S TARSCOPE ★ STARSCOPE 
□ 

ARILS: 
March 
21 lo April 19 
PREVENT problems between loved ones and friends 
Thursday. 
Quarter Moon inclines you to be more outspo­ ken, which upsets rela­ tives or neighbors dur­ ing the weekend. Avoid emotional conflicts. 

> 
LEO: July 23 lo 
August 22 
TENSION with impor­ tant people prevails 
Thursday. Your social life brightens over the weekend; go mil and be seen. Friends may be expensive. Don’t make loans. 
Cycle high 
Wednesday. 

■Pf! 
SAGITTARIl S: 
B M Vov 23 lo Dot 21 
TENSION builds in work and health areas 
Thursday. Cycle low on weekend 
Let others make suggestions. 
Avoid being outspoken. 
Monday and Tuesday are good for financial matters. 

□ 

TAI R IS: April 
2o to May 2o 
YOUR energy level is high 
Thursday and much is accomplished. 
Finances are empha­ sized during the week­ end and you have mixed feelings about purchas­ es. 
Family members upset you Wednesday. 

I « I 
VIRGO. August 
K y 
23 lo Sept 22 
AVOID travel Thursday and be careful what you put into writing. Quar­ ter Moon brings dissen­ sion between your ca­ reer, parents and domestic affairs during weekend. Social life is bright. 
H 

CAPRICORN. 
Dec 22 to Jan 19 
TENSIONS with loved ones flare Thursday. 
Quarter 
Moon spurs troubles at work Fnday and 
Saturday. 
Take care of your health 
Sunday. Cycle low on 
Monday and Tuesday. 

C S I 
GEMINI: 
May 
S W 
21 lo June 21 
YOU are under tension 
Thursday. 
Rest and prepare for the busy weekend. Further your financial interests on 
Monday and Tuesday. 
Disappointments in travel and communica­ tions Wednesday. 

LIBRA: Septem­ ber 23 to Oft 23 
DON’T discuss finances 
Thursday. News con­ fuses you from a dis­ tance Friday and Satur­ day. Sunday good day for travel. You meet exciting people Monday and Tuesday. A friend disappoints you. 

AQl ARILS: 
Jan 29 to Keb 18 
FAMILY difficulties continue 
Thursday. 
Children and loved ones act up Friday. Spend more time with them over the weekend and they will turn into an­ ds. 
Cycle low 
Wednesday. 

& 
CANCER: June 
22 to July 22 
DON’T force issues with friends Thursday. 
Quarter Moon suggests weekend rest and prep­ aration for busy days 
Monday and Tuesday. A financial disappoint­ ment makes you moody on Wednesday. 

SC ORIMO: Octo­ ber 24 to Nov 22 
CYCLE low Thursday, 
Friday and Saturday are confusing financial­ ly. Wait until Sunday to make budget plans. 
Take conservative ad­ vice Monday and Tues­ day. Boss * or parent cause concern. lf anspor- nunica 

PISCES: 
Fob 29 to March 29 
PROBLEM in tr tation or comm 
Hon upsets you Thurs­ day. Family members act up Friday. Weekend is good for fixups around the house Push creative projects. 

LAURIE BRADY 
A teenager’s $5o invention aids hospital 

TEENAGE whizz kid Dale King is saving his local hospital money — I and saving the lives of its patients at the same time. 
King, 19, has built his own electrical heart. It is used to check the accuracy of heart moni­ tors, kidney machines and other vital equipment at 4oo-bed Bless­ ing Hospital, Quincy, IU. 
“It cost only $5o to build,” King told THE STAR this week, “lf the hospital had had to buy one, it would have cost them $3oo .” 
He started working with the hospital while stiU at high school. 
He worked part-time at Blessing and when its biomedical engineer moved on to another job, he sim­ 

 ply took over the department. 
Sue Mathieson, sookeswoman for the hospital, said: “Dale has a really important job. 

“He does all our repairs of biomedical equipment, our dialys­ is machine, electrocardiographs 
—■ he just works all over. 

“Besides the safety part of it — helping us give patients good care 
~ it’s quite a money saver to have Dale repair this equipment nght here in the building.” 

Dale added: “I’m going to school to become a biomedical en­ gineer, and than a clinical engi­ 

 neer so I can operate machin during surgery instead of ji maintaining and repairing them r 
Dinner in ballpark costs guests $5,ooo 

IT WILL cost guests $5,ooo apiece to attend a fund-raising dinner on the baseball field at the Univer­ sity of Miami, Fla. 
Funds will be used to pay for the new field. Diners will be al­ lowed to feast at each base and the pitcher’s mound. So far, 24 people have paid up. 

★ 

★ 

★ 

> 

★ 

★ 

★ 

★ 

★ 

★ 

★ 

★ 

 if 

V 

¥ 

¥ 

¥ 

¥ 

LAST WEEK The Star took up Alex Haley’s dra­ matic story of his ancestors where the hit TV series left off, recounting what happened when the wagon train of freed slaves arrived in Henning, Tenn., led by Chicken George and his son Tom Murray — grandson and great-grandson of Haley’s siave-boy forefather, Kunta Kinte. It is now 1892. 
Chicken Geor and Tom and holed by their 21-year-old daughter Cynthia, ob­ viously very excited. 

J roe and his wife Matilda are dead, his wife Irene are suddenly button- 

By Alex Haley 

“MAMA!” Cynthia breathlessly exclaimed to Irene, 
“Will Palmer done axed to walk me home from church nex’ Sunday!” 
“He ain’t ’zacly one to rash into things, is he? Les’ two years I seen ’im watchin' you in church every Sunday—” said Irene. 
“Who?” Tom asked. 
“Will Palmer! Is it awright for him to walk her home?" 
After awhile Tom Murray said drily, “I think 'bout it.” 
Cynthia went off looking as if she had been stabbed, leav­ ing Irene studying her husband’s face. “Tom. ain’t nobody 
’nough fo’ you’ gals? Anybody in town know dat young fill jes' bout run de lumber company fo’ dat ol' stay-drunk 
Mr. James. 
“Folks all over Henning seen ’im unload de lumber off de freight cars hisself, sell it an' deliver it hisself, den write out de billsn col leek de money, an’ ’posit it in de bank, hisself. 
“Even do different Til carpenterin’ de customers needs an’ ax nothin’ fo’ it. An’ wid all dat fo’ whatever 
1’il he make, he don’t never speak a hard word ’gainst ol’ Mr. James.” 
“De way I sees it, doin’ his job an’ mindin’ his own business,” said Tom Murray. “I sees ’im in church, too, half de gals in dere battin’ dey eyes at ’im.” 
“Cose dey is!” said Irene. 
“'cause he de bes’ catch in Hen­ ning. But he ain’t never yet ax to walk none home.” 
“How ’bout dat Lula Carter he gave dem flowers to?" 
Astonished that 
Tom even knew, Irene said: “Dat more'n a year ago, Tom. an’ if you knows so much, reckon you also know she carried on like sich a fool af­ ter dat, fawnin’ roun’ ’im like a shadow, he finally quit talkin’ to her at all!” 
“He done it once, he could do it agin.” 
“ Not to Cynthia, he ain’t, not much sense as she got, Tong wid bein’ pretty an’ well raised She done to!’ me much as she like 
Will, she ain’t never let on to ’im how she feel! Mos’ she ever say is howdy an’ smile back when he do. Don’t care how many gals buzzin’ after 'im, you see who he buzzin’ after!” 
“See you got everythin’ worked out,” said Tom. 
Irene pleaded, “Aw, Tom, let 
’im walk de child home Leas’ let 
’em git togedder Hey stays to- gedder’s up to dem.” 
“An’ me!” Tom said sternly. 
He did not want to seem too easy to any of his daughters, his wife either. Above all, ne did not want 
Irene aware that before now he had seen the potential, had weighed it. and thoroughly ap- 

ANOTHER BONUS 
BOOK PULLOUT 

On right: 
Alex Haley's mother, Bertha. 

Photos of 
Haley and 

 his ancestors 

 courtesy of Alex 

Haley and A B C TV 

The day Kunia Kinte’s great-great granddaughter got a grandson-me 

Photo of Roots author Alex proved of Will Palmer if the time came. 
“Having watched young Will since he had come to Henning, 
Tom privately had often wished that either of his two sons showed half of young Will s gumption In fact, the deviously serious, a m i­ able reminded Tom of a younger hun tious, highly capable Will Palmer tindea To self. xpect aeve 

Mn thr book R m u r< * y n « tt im t t f U n Hater condensed Vernon rf a poftua rf Un* hr* «f> ared ui Reader J I agr rf Copy rig* © 
!*7« by die rader• Digest Amar muon, tar Pubbahad by lambie i) and Company, tar 

 courtship would develop so fast 
Ten months later, in the “com­ pany room” of Tom and Irene's new four-room house, Will pro­ posed to Cynthia, who barely could restrain her “Yes!” until he had finished speaking. 
The third Sunday from then, 

 they were married in the New 
Hope CME Church in a ceremony attended by well over two hundred people 
Will, with his own hands and tools built their small home where, a year later, their first child, a son, was bom, who died within a few days 
By now, Will Palmer never took off a weekday from work, the lumber company’s hard-drinking owner being so far gone into the bottle that Will practically uxu running the entire business 
Going over the company’s books one stormy late Friday af temoon, Will discovered a bank payment overdue that day at Peo pie’s Bank. He rode his horse 

 eight miles through drenching rains to knock at the bank presi­ dent’s back porch. 
“ Mr. Vaughan," he said, “this payment slipped 
Mr. 
James' mind, and I know he wouldn't want to keep you waitin’ till Mon­ day.” 
Invited inside to dry, he said. 
“No, thank you, sir, Cynthia’ll be wonderin’ where I am.” And wishing the banker a good night, he rode back off in the rain. 
The banker, deeply impressed, told the incident all over town. 
In the fall of 1893, someone came and told Will he was wanted at the bank. Puzzled throughout the few minutes' walk there, Will found inside, waiting for him, 
Henning's ten leading white busi­ nessmen. all seeming red faced and embarrassed. 
Banker 
Vaughan explained, speaking rapidly, that the lumber company’s owner had declared bankruptcy, with plans to move elsewhere with his family. 
“Henning needs the lumber company, said the banker “All of us you see here have been weeks discussing it, and we can’t think of anyone better to run it than you, Will. We’ve agreed to cosign a note to pay off the com­ pany's debts for you to take over as the new owner " 
Tears trickling down his cheeks, 
Will Palmer walked wordlessly along the line of white men As he 

 double-gripped and squeezed each hand, then that man hurriedly signed the note and even more quickly left with tears in his own eyes. 
“When they had all gone, Will wrung the banker’s hand for a long moment. “ Mr. Vaughan, I’ve got one more favor to ask. Would you take half of my savings and make out a check for Mr. James, without his ever knowing where it came from?” 
Within a year, Will’s credo—to provide the best possible goods and service for the lowest possi­ ble price—was drawing custom­ ers even from adjoining towns. 
Wagonloads of people, mostly black, were coming from as far away as 
Memphis—forty-eight miles to the South—to see with their own eyes western Tennes­ see's first black-owned business of its kind, where Cynthia had hung ruffled, starched curtains in the windows and Will had painted the sign on the front: “W.E. PAL­ 
MER LUMBER COMPANY.” 

CYNTHIA’S and* Will’s prayers were answered in 1895 with the birth of the sound, healthy girl whom they named Bertha George 
—the “George” after Will’s fa­ ther. 
Cynthia insisted on assembling a houseful of family before whom she told the gurgling in­ fant the whole story back to the 
African, Kunta Kinte, just as Tom 
Murray had told it to all of his children at intervals when the) had been young. 
Will 
Palmer respected Cyn­ thia’s devotion to her ancestors’ memory, but it irritated his own deep pride to be considered as having married into Cynthia’s family rather than the other way around 
It was probably why he began to monopolize little Bertha even before she could walk. 
But the time Bertha was five, the rest of the family and much of the town's black community quot­ ed Cynthia and, speaking for themselves, echoed lier opinion: 
“ Will Palmer jes’ spilin' dat gal to pieces!’’ 
He had arranged that she had credit at every Henning store that sold candy, and lie paid the bill each month, though (ie made her keep an accounting, which he sol­ emnly checked “Lo Leach her busi­ ness. 
As her fifteenth-birthday pre­ sent, when he opened a Sears 
Roebuck mail-order account in her name, the people shook and wagged their heads in mingled as­ tonishment, dismay—and pride 
“All dat young ’un got to do" they said, “is pick what she like oiA’n dat pitcher catalogue, an' write off de order blank, an’ firs’ thing you knows dem Sears Roe­ buck white folks way yonder in 
Chicago done sent it—seen it wid dese here eyes . . . ” 
Later that same year, Will hired a teacher to come weekly ail the way from Memphis to give 
Bertha piano lessons. 
She was a gifted pupil, and be- 

 choir in the New fore long was playing for the 
►w Hope Colored 
Methodist Episcopal Church. 
When Bertha finished the local 
Continued on next page 

The Star continues the story where TV left off 

CONTINUED FROM PAGE 9 

 eighth grade in June of 19o9, there was no question that she would be leaving Henning to attend the 
CME Church-supported Lane In­ stitute thirty miles to the east in 
Jackson, Tennessee, which went from ninth grade through two years of college. 
“Gal, jes’ no way you can know...what it mean, you bein’ dis fam’ly’s firs’ one headin’ fo’ a college—” 
“Maw, if I can ever git you and 
Paw to please quit saying such as 
*dis’ and 
’fo. I keep telling you they’re pronounced 
‘this’ and 
'for’! Anyway, isn’t that why col­ leges are there? For people to go to?” 
Cynthia wept when she got alone with her husband “Lawd 
God he’p us wid’er, Will, she jes’ don’t unnerstan.’ ” 
“Maybe she best don’t,” he tried to console. “I jes’ know I’ll draw my las’ breath seein’ she have better chance’n us did.” 
As was only expected of her, 
Bertha achieved consistently high grades—studying pedagogy, to be­ come a teacher—ana she both played the piano and sang in the school choir. 
On one of her two weekend vis­ its back home every month, she persuaded her father to have a sign painted on both doors of his delivery truck: “ Henning 121— 
Your Lumber Number.” Tele­ phones recently had come to Hen­ ning, it was typical of Bertha’s ready wit, which got quoted often around town. 
On later visits, Bertha began to speak about a young man whom sne had met in the college choir, 
Simon Alexander Haley, from a town named Savannah, Tennes­ see. 
When Bertha continued to talk about him, a year later, in 1913, 
Will and Cynthia suggested that she invite him to visit with them in Henning, so they could ap­ praise him in person 
The 
New 
Hope 
CME was packed on the Sunday it had been circulated that “ Berthas beau from college” would be in attend­ ance. 
He arrived under the searching scrutiny not only of Will and Cyn­ thia Palmer, but also of the total black community. 
After singing a baritone solo, In 
The Garden, accompanied by Ber­ tha at the piano, he talked easily with all who crowded about him. looking everyone squarely in the eyes, firmly gripping all of the men’s hands, and tipping his hat to all of the ladies 
Bertha and her Simon Alexan­ der Haley returned to Lane Col­ lege together on the bus that eve­ ning No one had a thing to say against him. 
It was agreed by all that he sang well; that he seemed to have been well raised; and he showed no signs of trying to put on airs just because he was educated 
Haley landed a summer’s work as a Pullman Porter, saving ev­ ery possible penny to enable his transferring to the four year AAT 
College in Greensboro, North Car­ olina 
When World War I came, he and all other males in their senior class enlisted en masse in the 
U S. Army, and before long his letters to 
Bertha came from 
France, where in the Argonne 
Forest in 1918, he was gassed 
The wedding of Bertha and Si­ mon in the New Hope CME 
Church in the summer of 192o was 
Henning's first social event at­ tended by both black and white— 

 not only since Will Palmer by now was among the town’s most prom­ inent citizens, but also because in her own right the accomplished irrepressible Bertha was someone whom all in Henning regarded with pride. 
The reception was held on the wide, sloping lawn of the Pal­ mers’ brana-new home of ten rooms, including a music parlor and a library. 
A banquet of food was served; more presents were heaped than were normally seen at an average three weddings; there was even a recital by the full Lane College 
Choir— in whose ranks the ecstat­ ic newlyweds had metr-which had come in the bus that Will Palmer had chartered from Jackson. 
Late that day, Henning’s little railroad depot was overrun as 
Simon and Bertha left for some­ where called Ithaca, New York. 
Simon was going to study for his master’s degree in agriculture at Cornell University, and Bertha would be enrolling at Ithaca Con­ servatory of Music. 
For about nine months, Bertha wrote home regularly, reporting their exciting experiences so far away and telling how happy they were with each other. But then, in the early summer of 1921, Ber­ tha’s letters began to arrive less and less often, until finally Cyn­ thia and Will grew deeply con­ cerned that something was wrong. 
Will gave Cynthia five hundred dollars to send Bertha, telling 
Bertha, to use it however they might need it, without mentioning it to Simon. 
But their daughter’s letters came even more seldom, until by late August, Cynthia told Will and their closest friends that she was going to New York herself to find out what was the matter. 
Two days before Cynthia was due to leave, a midnight knocking at the front door awakened them in alarm Cynthia was first out of bed. snatching on her robe, with 
Will close behind. 
At their bedroom’s doorway, she could see through the living room’s glass-paneled french doors the moonlit silhouettes of bertba and Simon on the front porch. 
Cynthia went shrieking and bounding to snatch open the door. 
Bertha said calmly. “Sorry we didn’t write. We wanted to bring you a surprise present ” 
She handed to Cynthia the blanketed bundle in her arms. Her heart pounding, and with Will gazing in­ credulously over her shoulder, 
Cynthia pulled back the blanket's top fold—revealing a round brown face. .. 
The baby boy, six weeks old, was me. 

I USED to be told later by Dad, laughing in recalling that night of big surprise as he loved to do: 
“Seemed I’d nearly lost a son a little while there.” 
Dad declared Grandpa Will Pal­ mer walked around and lifted me out of Grandma’s arms “and without a word took you out to the yard and around the rear of the house somewhere. Why, he must have stayed gone as long as half an hour. 
"All of us,” said. Dad, “knew how badly for many years he’d wanted to have a son to raise—I guess in your being Bertha’s boy, you’d become it.” 
After a week or so, Dad went back alone to Ithaca, leaving Ma ma and me in Henning; they had decided it would be better while he finished pushing for his mas- 

NEXT WEEK: BACKTRACK ON THE SLAVE-TRADERS' ROUTE-AND MEET KUNTA KINTE’S AFRICAN KIN 

 ter’s degree. Grandpa and Grand­ ma proceeded to just about adopt me as their own—especially 
Grandpa. 
Even before I could talk, he would carry me in his arms down to the lumber company, where he built a crib to put me in while he took care of business. 
After I had learned to walk, we would go together downtown, me taking three steps to each of his, my small fist tightly grasped about his extended left forefinger. 
Looming over me like a black, tall, strong tree, Grandpa would stop and chat with people we met along the way. 
Grandpa taught me to look any­ one right in their eyes, to speak to them clearly and politely. Some­ times people exclaimed how well raised I was and how fine I was growing up 
“Well, I guess he ll do,” Grand­ pa would respond. 
Down at the W.E. Palmer Lum­ ber Company, he would let me 

 play around among the big stacks of oak, cedar, pine, and hickory, all in planks of different lengths and widths. 
With their mingling of good smells, I would imagine myself involved in all kinds of exciting adventures, almost always in far­ away times or places. 
Sometimes Grandpa would let me sit in his office in his big, high-backed swivel chair with his green-visored eyeshade on my head, swiveling around and back and forth until I’d get so dizzy my head seemed to keep going after 
I’d stopped. 
I enjoyed myself anywhere I ev­ er went with Grandpa 
Then, when I was going on five, he died. 
I was so hysterical that Dr 
Dillard had to give me a glass of something milky to make me sleep that night But before I did, 
I remember drowsily glimpsing many people, black and white, gathering in a ragged line along 

 the dusty road that ran nearby the house, all of their heads bowed, the women wearing headscarves, the men holding their hats in their hands. For the next several days, it seemed to me as if everybody in the world was crying. 
Dad, who had by now nearly completed his m aster’s thesis, came home from Cornell to take over the lumber mill, as Mama started teaching in our local school Having loved Grandpa so deeply myself, and having seen 
Grandma’s terrible grief, sne and 
I soon became extremely close, and there weren’t many places she went that she didn’t take me along with her. 
I suppose it was somehow to try to fill the void of Grandpa's at* sence that now during each springtime, Grandma began to in­ vite various ones among the Mur­ ray family female relatives to spend some, if not all, of the sum­ mers with us 
Averaging in her age range, the late forties and early fifties, they 

 came from exotic-sounding places to me, such as Dyersburg, Ten­ nessee, 
Inkster, 
Michigan, 
St 
Louis and Kansas City—and they had names like Aunt Plus, Aunt 
Liz, Aunt Till, Aunt Viney, and 
Cousin Georgia. 

With the supper dishes washed, they all would go out on the front porch and sit in cane-bottomed rocking chairs, and I would be among them and sort of scrunch myself down behind the white- painted rocker holding Grandma. 

The time would be just about as the dusk was deepening into the night, with the lightning bugs flickering on and off around the honeysuckle vines, and every eve­ ning unless there was some local priority gossip they would talk aboid the same things—snatches and patches of what later I’d learn was the long, cumulative family narrative that had been passed down across the genera­ tions. 
Grandma would get on that sub­ 

 ject sometime without her older women summer guests there, and 
Mama would abruptly snap: 
“Maw, I unsh you't stop all that old-timey slavery stutt, it’s entire­ ly embarrassing!” 
Grandma would snap right back: “ If you don’t care who and where you come from, well, I does'.” 
Being a little boy, I couldn’t really follow most of what they said. I didn’t know what an “or massa” or an “oT missis” was; I didn’t know what a “plantation” was. 
Bul slowly, from hearing the stories each passing summer, I began to recognize frequently re­ peated names among the people they talked about ana to remem­ ber things they told about those people. 
The farthest-back person they ever talked about was a man they called "the African," whom they always said had been brought to this countrv on a shin to some 

 place that they pronounced 
^’Napjis.” 
They would tell how the African kept trying to escape, and how on the fourth effort he was captured by two white professional slave catchers, who decided to make an example of him. 
“This African was given the choice either of being castrated or having a foot cut off, and— 
“thanks to Jesus, or we wouldn’t be here tellin’ it”—the African chose his foot. 
Grandma and the others said this African had been given the name Toby, but that when any of the other slaves called him that, he would strenuously rebuff them, declaring that his name was 
“ Kin-tay.” 
Hobbling about, doing garden­ ing work, then- later becoming his m assas buggy driver, “Toby”— or “ Kin tay —met and mated with a woman slave whom Grand­ ma called “ Bell, the big house cook.” They had a little girl, 
Kizzy” 

As Kizzy grew older, and her 
African father learned English better, he began telling her sto­ ries about himself, his people, and his homeland—and how ne was taken away from it. 

I heard how Kizzy had been sold away to a new master, and had e 

 ven birth to a boy—the boy who 
•came know as Chicken George and had eight children. 

I heard how, after the birth of each of his eight children, Chick­ en George would gather his fami­ ly within their slave cabin, telling them afresh about their African great-grandfather “Kin-tay,” who called a guitar a “ko,” a river in 
Virginia “Kamby Bolongo.” And how Chicken George’s fourth son, 
Tom, did the same with his eight children. 

Invariably it would astonish me when the long narrative finally 
C 

 down to Tom s children— and re I sat looking right at one (rf them—Cynthia, my Grandma! 

The Star uncovers the grave of Tom the Blacksmith 

From GEORGE GORDON in Henning, Tennessee 
BEHIND a rusting length of barbed wire and beneath a tangle of briars and weeds lies the sole monument to Tom Murray the blacksmith. 

Will Palmer, the determined, go-ahead young man 
Tom’s daughter Cynthia. She passed on the 
Simon Alexander Haley, the author’s father, who married the blacksmith’s daughter. > story of Kunta Kinte to author Alex Haley 
He and bis wife Bertha met in college. 

Under a thin coating of green moss the two-foot-high headstone states* “Rest in peace Tom C. Murray born Sept. 12, 183o, died Feb. 27, 19o3.” 
Somewhere in the same overgrown section , of Henning’s Bethlehem graveyard is the fi­ nal resting place of Chicken George, his wife 
Matilda, and Tom’s wife Irene. 
But time, weather and soil erosion have distorted the geography of the tiny ceme­ tery. The great boulder said to have marked 
George’s grave has rolled away; probably down the slope into a stream ben, where some of the old headstones now lie partly buried by silt and sand. 
Ironically, the deaths of Tom and his wife, who played such a prominent part in the fi­ nal TV episode of Roots, are not even re­ corded in Alex Haley’s book. They seem al­ most to have been forgotten. 
Until these past few weeks, Henning Itself seems to have forgotten the whole episode of 
Chicken George and his wagon train. 
After Chicken George led his wagon train of 12o freed slaves from Alamance County. 
N.C., to the promised land in Henning, 
Tern*., the families scattered. 
Chicken George’s original home no longer exists. The 35 acres of land he bought to start a new life have been sold and resold. 
The blacksmith shop, launched by the en­ terprising Tom, is now a vacant lot north of the town's ice plant. 
The lumber mill which made Will Palmer the town’s first black businessman, is also gone. After Alex Haley’s father sold it, the business went downhill. 
Henning's mayor, 
7o-year-old 
Bernie 
Graves, recalled: “The old building was fi­ nally pulled down and the site was taken over by a saw mill.” 
The People’s Rank in Henning, where a glowing Will Palmer got his financing, is still standing. 
Mayor Graves said: 
“ Rut that's all changed too. The People’s Bank, as Will 
Palmer knew it, went bust in about 1911, and 
Tipton County farmers took it over.” 
The church that Chicken George. Matilda, 
Tom, Uriah, Virgil and the rest of the family built is still standing, but they would never recognize it. It has been pulled down, relo­ cated and rebuilt twice since 1875. 
In the process, all traces of its original structure and fittings, like Irene’s hand wov­ en cloth and the £5o stained glass window, disappeared. 
The records of events like Chicken 
George’s funeral and the wedding of Will 
Palmer and Bertha in 192o have also gone. 
Fred Montgomery, who as a boy sat on the porch with Alex Haley and listened to grandma Cynthia Palmer talk of plantations and Kunta Kinte, explained: “The trustees kept the records at home and they got lost.” 
Today Alex Haley, who pieced the whole incredible story together, has no near rela­ tives in Henning. When he visits, he stays in a Memphis motel 5o miles away. His grand ma’s home is now owned by a white family. 
Ironically, the black population itself has dwindled since Chicken George led his jubi­ lant band to Henning. He brought in 12o. To­ day, Henning’s total population is MO, and the Mayor estimates less than 95 are blac k. 
What happened? Miss Annie Kate Hatton, who can remember Haley as a boy, said: 
“They just sort of drifted on — looking for better work, better opportunities.” 
When the slaves first reached Henning, they were given a piece of land adjoining the whites’ cemetery as a graveyard. To­ day, as then, the division is a barbed wire fence. On one side the grass is neatly cut with headstones in orderly rows. The other is a wilderness. 
Said Miss Hatton: "We tried to get them to clean it up, but they won t. They just hac k out a clearing when somebody dies, and then it grows over.” 

Parting the brambles, we found the headstone of Tem Murray . . . and an unidentified cross. cemetery at Henning. To the right, behind the barbed wire and among the undergrowth, is where Chicken George and Tom Murray are buried. 

Olivia Newton-John arrive at a Hollywood par­ ty with a shared escort. 
BRITTIE-BONED CHILD 
BATTLES RARE DISEASE 

I'm staying put, vows angry 
Barbara Walters 

BARBARA WALTERS, the lady a lot of people love to hate, and HARRY 
REASONER will not be splitting up yet. 
After the report that she would be transferred to Washington from New York to get her out of her co-anchorman’s greying hair, she angrily told me: “There are no plans for me to move there. 

LITT! JE Julie Harrison has suf­ fered five broken bones in three years because of a rare disease. 
But it hasn’t crippled her spirit. 
Julie, daughter of Mr. and Mrs. 
William Harrison of Cumberland, 
Me., suffers from Osteogenesis 

 imperfecta, a mysterious brittle bone disease that afflicts mon than 15,ooo Americans. 
“She’s a very vivacious, ex tremely out-going little girl,” her mother told THE STAR 
“ She doesn’t see herself 

Mrs. William_______ daughter’s bones while hugging her. 

 being different. “When other chil­ dren are at our house and things get a little hectic, and they run off to another room, she will say I can’t walk now, but someday I will. ’ 
“She really has this tremendous determination to make it.” 
Mrs. Harrison said Julie was only five-weeks-old when she suf­ fered her first fracture. 
The child stretched out her leg while having a bath. There was a sharp crack and she started screaming pitifully. 
An X-ray showed she had a bro­ ken leg. 
The latest fracture came just a few months ago. 
“ It was time for her nap and she asked if she could walk to her crib by herself,” Mrs. Harrison recalled 
“ I said yes — and she fell. We don't know whether she broke her leg in the fall, or if it just snapped under her body weight Now she s back at the poult where she can pull herself up again.” 
The Harrisons at first felt Ju­ lie’s tragic condition, known as 
OI, was their fault. 
They feared they were being too rough on her or not taking enough care 
Mrs. Nelda Roehm, secretary of the OI Foundation, said: “ It’s very frightening for the parents. I think they suffer more, in a sense, than the children.” 
Some parents have been known to refuse to cuddle their afflicted children, terrified of hearing the heart-rending crack of bone 
“ My parents were fearful and didn't think I would ever go out in the world,” Mrs. Roehm said 
“ It required an effort for me to decide I would lead a normal life, but I knew I would come out just fine and I did. 

 thy professional other.” 

“ And what’s more, I don’t know where these rumors start that 
Harry and I aren’t getting along. 
We have a heal respect for each 
Meanwhile, ABC president Bill 
Sheehan backed her up. The story that she was moving was taken completely out of context. 
“ Before she joined us we talked about her doing new broadcasts from both New York and Wash­ ington as part of the Evening 
News set-up. 
“The only time she won’t be ap­ pearing alongside Harry is when she is busy doing her own spe­ cials.” 
While rumors persist that the network will in fact drop her by midsummer if ratings don’t im­ prove. Harry is, as usual, saying nothing. 

★ 
★ 
★ 

Gavin McLeod, of 
Tyler Moore Show, hugs 

ED 
MCMAHON who, apart from a few bit parts; seems to have been content to build a ca­ reer around JOHNNY CARSON on the Tonight Show, got the chance to redeem himself in a new film Fun With Dick And 
Jane 
He’s got a sizeable role opposite 
GEORGE 
SEGAL and 
JANE 
FONDA as a less than reputable president of an aerospace corpo­ ration. 
The on-again romance between 
RAQUEL WELCH and dress de signer RON TALSKY seems to be in trouble again. 
While working on a Broadway play in New York, he's been din­ ing out with actress-models MOR­ 
GAN FAIRCHILD—a favorite of 
TELLY SA VALAS and DEBO­ 
RAH EICHHORN. 
Meanwhile back in Los An­ geles, Raquel isn’t sitting at home knitting but dating actors MI­ 
CHAEL MEDWIN and BARRY 
GHOST. 
ROBERT SHAW, ROY SCHEI­ 
DER and MARTHE KELLER are the nucleus of a group of actors who have said yes to a Para­ mount Pictures offer to fly them 

Valerie 
Perrine and friend 
Nick Thomas appeared in an arthritis telethon in L.A. 

 to Rio de Janeiro for a weekend vacation. 
All is not well in ABC TV's 
Streets Of San 
Francisco as 
KARL MALDEN complains he doesn't get along with his new young co-star RICHARD HATCH as well as he did with MIKE 
DOUGLAS. 
Insiders say Kirk’s son has al­ ready been approached to appear regularly again in the show. 
CANDICE BERGEN is going back to Africa to photograjph wild game in Kenya's national forest— and her companion will be photog­ rapher PETER BEARD. It seems there s a romance afoot. 
DALE 
ROBERTSON. 
TV’s 
Wells 
Fargo gunslinger who boasts a voice which sounds as though it’s soaked in aspic, is being sued for divorce by his wife 

STAINED GLASS 
CLASSES & W O R K SH O P 
N O W ENROLLING 

The world's largest Stained Glass schools are now teaching in San Antonio. Famous Five Week 
Basic Course covers: Cutting Glass, Soldering, leading up, making 
“ Suncotchers,” 
Stained 
Glass Windows, and “Tiffany” lampshades. For reservations and information call this toll free number: 
1- 8oo- 654-8466 
(Form erly Pendleton Studios) 
— - 
- 
1 

“ Now half my work as a secre­ tary is in trying to get through to parents that O f children are a lit­ tle tougher than they thhik — and there is hope.” 
Mrs. Roehm suffered 4o frac­ tures before she reached puberty and they stopped. 
Some patients have up to 3oo fractures, however. 
Those with severe cases of the disease may suffer retarded growth, multiple deformities and usually spend their lives in a bed or wheelchair. 
The Harrisons pray this will not be the fate of their daughter, 
Mrs. Harrison said she hopes that a breakthrough in conquering the disease is found in the next few years, 
* 

Michelle Phil­ lips one-time 
«irtfriend of barren Beat­ ty, arrives with 
Alan 
Warnick for the American 
Music Awards in Santa Mon­ ica. 

 by Winston Daniel 

★ 
All Western freaks, like myself, will be de­ lighted to learn that PAUL NEWMAN and 
ROBERT REDFORD are to return in a sequel. 
They will be paid a phenomenal $2.5 million each—and given a large slice of the movie’s profits. 
The story, I can reveal, will pick our heroes up in the early 19oo's in South America and follow them back to their hideaway in the U.S. 
PAUL NEWMAN 

 with ex-wife No. 1 
NO prizes for guessing where velvet-voiced DEAN MARTIN fled when a brief reconciliation with his ex-wife KATHY HAWN finally ended. 
His old pal, Frank Sinatra's in Palm Springs, of course. 
While there, he was visited by another ex-wife, JEAN MARTIN who seems to have buried the hatchet with him after a bitter divorce. 
I'm told they may be even getting together again permanent­ ly, well, as permanently as any 
Hollywood marriage. 

★ 
★ 
★ 

The simmering feud between rock stars ELTON JOHN and 
ROD STEWART finally erupted into a fight at Le Bistro, the ex­ clusive Beverly Hills restaurant. 
The pop millionaires, now dom­ iciled in Ijos Angeles, have been lashing out verbally at each other for months. 
The fisticuffs began when Rod walked into the restaurant with an ex-girl friend of Elton's—ap­ parently Britt Ekland, Stewart’s steady, had been left at home—on his arm. 
John didn’t like it and shoved 
Stewart who was once one of his best friends, into a booth. But he picked on the wrong man! 
The lean gravel-voiced warbler retaliated with a swift right cross to Elton’s left eye which is shaded with dark glasses these days. 
THE STAR’S prediction last month that football’s glamour boy 
JOE NAM ATH will appear in a new NORMAN LEAR TV series 

LULU MAY after 17 years of marriage. 
ROBERT REDFORD does ap­ parently care about his image ..so much so he persuaded publishers 
Lyle Stuart to tone down some of the remarks he had made about people he worked with in their new book The Films Of Robert 
Redford. 
The somewhat introverted star also asked them to make his childhood seem less unhappy. 
CHER has been upsetting the locals in Aspen by complaining she wasn’t offered the right sort of house for herself and husband 
GREGG ALLMAN. 
Finally, she settled on one with a heated waterbed in the master bedroom and a grand piano cost­ ing $3oo a day. 
Actress TERRY MOORE who 

 is still fighting for a share of 
HOWARD HUGHES estate has meanwhile gone into the beauty business with skin rejuvenation expert DR. RONALD BENNETT. 

★ 
★ 
★ 

DONALD SUTHERLAND will finally marry his Canadian ac­ tress girl friend FRANCINE RA­ 
CETTE who two years ago pre­ sented him with a son, Roeg 
Jacob Joe Sutherland. 
Meanwhile, he’s furious about his love scenes in FEDERICO 
FELLINI’S controversial Casano­ va, because in the English version they have been dubbed — and he says he was assured there would be no voice-over taping. 

Column contributions by Charles Comer. 
Philip Finn and Robin I.each. 

All seems very fair for 
Bernadette 
Peters of TV’s 
All’s Fair as she shares a ke with Tom ammond at the 
Golden 
Globe Awards 
In Hollywood. t?: 

Dean Martin: Will he go back to Jeanne? 

 about a washed-up quarterback has, of course, come true. 
He signed with the producer- writer in Los Angeles wnere he’s also trying to interest the Rams into signing him on for next sea­ son. 
Actor 
HELMUT 
BERGER seems to be getting out of control on the Beverly Hills circuit, a party-going colleague tells me. 
After the brush with touchy 
RYAN O’NEAL at a discoelub, he was physically thrown out of the hoase of millionaire songwriter 
LESLIE BR1CUSSE. 
The composer did the honors when the German persisted in being rude at a party. 
ALANA HAMILTON, George’s ex-wife, is also looking for helmet to tackle him about a $2oo tele­ phone bill he ran up when he stayed with her as a nousegugst • 

Laverne and Shirley got out of their fifties gear to attend a Hollywood party with friends Betty Garrett and Eddie 
Mekka. That’s Penny Marshall on left,Cindy Williams, right. 
Supersleuth aitches the crook with 

A REAL-LIFE Sherlock Holmes is helping police track down crim­ inals with psychology. 
The civilian supersleuth is 
47-year-old Dr. Alan L. Strand, who provides psychological pro­ files of suspects for about IOO po­ lice departments throughout northern Illinois. 
Dr. Strand, a pioneer in the use of psychology in law enforcement, told THE STAR this week: “We let them know the kind of person who is apt to be a murderer or a rapist or a bomber.” 
In one recent murder case in 
Cook County, Dr. Strand was able to identify the two killers even though police still do not have the evidence needed to arrest them 
The murder victim, a woman, was found strangled and shut in a closet in her home. On a mirror, scrawled in lipstick was a cryptic reference to a black intruder. 
From this, Dr. Strand deduced that the killer was a white male who was known to the victim, and the murder occurred during an emotional outburst. He also deter­ mined that the killer had a female accomplice. 
Dr. Strand said the mirror mes sage was pure camouflage 
Ole re’s no way a black could go unnoticed in that neighborhood ” 
The home had good security, with locks and bars on the win- 

"W hy leave your old un needed stuff under cover? 
We can turn them into cash I" . 
Call 
225-1666 

 psychology 

 dow, so the killer must have been admitted by the victim. 
Dr. 
Strand said he knew the murderer had a female accomplice because the cap on the lipstick had been replaced—something only a wom­ an would do. 

The two suspects also gave con­ sistent guilty responses to a lie detector. But despite Dr. Strand’s mythological profile, police have v*en unable to arrest them be­ cause of the lack of hard evi­ dence. 

DIAMOND SOLITAIRE 
SALE 

oll6 Cdf 31 Sugg rag. $12oo............. N O w * 7 9 9 | 

 l / Z 
C a r a t s o g g r a g UOO............... N O * * 2 7 9 

JUST SAY CHARGE IT! 

7?I 

Mort hod* Wonderland Mali ........................ 732-9621 
Northside: 3111 Nacogdoches Rd................ 656-15431 
Southside: Sean Military Plaza..................... 923-43o1 

Dean Martin may get together 

LEARN TO DREAM PROPERLY AND YOU'LL 
CONTROL YOUR FUTURE, SAY DOCTORS 

DO YOU wake up in the morning feeling bad? Do you go through the day feeling you have got out of bed on the wrong side? 
Now you can dream your way to a whole new life. It is possible to wake up ev­ ery morning feeling lively and on top of the world. You can go through the day overcoming all problems and people will know just by looking at you that you are a new, happier person. 
Research into sleep and dreams has unlocked the secret to a new, happier life. All you have to do is learn how to dream properly. 
After ten years of extensive re­ search, two doctors have written a book called The Dream Makers in which they reveal the secrets of successful dreaming. 
Dr. Joseph Hart, 39, and Dr. 
Richard Corriere, 29, two of the founding therapists at the Center for Human Feeling in I os An­ geles, have conducted extensive tests on more than 35o patients— and on themselves 
The tests indicate dreams can completely change a person’s life. 
And the key to it all is what they call the Breakthru Dream. 
Dr. Hart told THE STAR last week: “ Most people-s dreams are fairly passive, a little anxious and don’t really make sense 
They wake up in the morning and don’t feel good about the dream The simplest way to explain the 
•Breakthru Dream is that it is the opposite of the way people nor­ mally dream ” 
In a Breakthru Dream the col­ ors are bright, the feeling is in­ tense and the dreamer has the starring role. In the morning he awakes feeling good because of it. 
Dr Corriere said “ In a Break- thru Dream the dreamer is in control and has the starring role. 
He is literally the king or queen of the dream. 
“ If a person begins having 
Breakthru 
Dreams it changes his way of life because every morning he is waking up with more and more good feelings It is the natural way a person can help himself. 
“ Normal dreams are drab, the colors are not bnght and the feel­ ings are not vivid. A person does not wake up saying ‘I really had a tremendous feeling in my 

Experts believe they’ve found secret to happy life 

 dream.’ 
“One-third of a person’s life is spent sleeping and dreaming and most people just aren’t using that part of their lives. It is ridiculous that people don’t know how to dream. TYiey know how to eat and get dressed. 
“ lf a person had one Breakthru 
Dream a week, other people would look at him and know that he or she feels different and better. If a person had a Breakthru Dream every night he would be flying high and would be the most well­ adjusted and normal person you ever met.” 
According to the two doctors, young children and a few native 

D re a m d o c to rs Joseph Hart I on couch) an d Richard Corriere. 

CASH 
PAYING TOP DOUAR FOR: 
• Gold Coms • Sliver Collars • Any Silver Coins 
• Old Coins of Silver or Copper • Diam onds 
• Sterling Silverware • d o ss Rings 
• Old Jewelry, Pocket W atches, Gold W atches 
• Dental Gold— Platinum ; anything gold or silver 
(IMMEDIATE PAYMENT) 
••at Inflation ft titan owl your drats*: drawers or atfit of th* tam* tim*! 
MUINO QUALITY JfWIUtY mt | 
WHOLMALS M ICU 
(dueler* invited) 

O P IN IO A M . S JO P M M O N -S A T . 

RIVERSIDE C O IN CO. 
431 I. Com m erce (by the River) 
2 2 5 -1 9 9 6 
2 2 >-4 963 
225 -6 9*1 

Pleat* Col! ar Writ*Tor fill Premium C ow sUy ny Int 

 tribes have Breakthru Dreams regularly. When children get old­ er and suffer more anxieties and problems, what the doctors call the Dream Censor takes over from the Dream Maker. 
“The Dream Censor gets out of control and controls too much of us in our unconscious,” said Dr. 
Corriere. The Dream Maker tries every night to give Breakthru 
Dreams so that we wake up feel­ ing good. 
The Dream Censor is opposing that and in a Breakthru Dream the Maker wins over the Censor. 
In a normal dream it is a tie. 
“ You know when you really have contact with the Dream 
Maker because you wake up feel­ ing you can do anything and noth­ ing stands in your way. You feel good and you have a full aware­ ness That is the Dream Maker. 
“The Dream Censor makes you feel bad. He savs you have had a 

 bad dream anu you wake up, still feeling it. 

“ When a person has a Break- thru Dream tney know it. You can ask people in the street and they would know whether they have had a Breakthru Dream. It is something that is innate in every­ one. It is the natural mode of dreaming.” 

The doctors began research in­ to what the Breakthru Dream af­ ter several friends said: “ I had a terrific dream last night.” 

Said Dr Cornere: “ We recog­ nized it was different from the normal form of dream We had no idea what to call it or why it was happening 
“ Almost unconsciously at first we began delving further into it, experimenting with ourselves and our friends We began practicing as a group.” 

Now people come from all over the world to study the new way of dreaming at the Dream Center. 
“ We literally learned how to overthrow the Dream Censor,” said Dr. Corriere. “Everyone has an unconscious with secretive thoughts and hidden impulses and all the energy and feeling is locked up. 
“We got to the other side of the unconsciousness and have used it and challenged it so we can have 
Breakthru Dreams. A Breakthru 
Dream is literally a breakthrough between the conscious mind and the unconscious. 
“They are unforgettable dreams. Part of our discovery is that people have bits and pieces of Breakthru Dreams all the time but they don’t know how to get them systematically and to make them happen more and more.” 
Dr. Hart elaborated: “ People talk about getting out of bed on the wrong side and they go through the day feeling listless and out of things What has hap­ pened is that they have had a dream in which they don’t feel very good and they don’t quite re­ member the details. 
“ A Breakthru Dream gets you up on the right side of the bed, you feel lively, ready to do things. 
“ A normal, drab dream hap­ pens because tremendous stress­ es, strains and tensions build up all day long. You go to bed with these problems and when you wake up they are not resolved. 
TTiat is when people say they feel as tired in the morning as when they went to sleep. 

“ A lot of people are so passive in their dreams that they do not deal with any of their problems. 
Breakthru Dreams help you deal with your problems. 
“ If there is a danger in your dream, you face it and challenge it. In some of the typical night­ mares people have, they are being chased. 
“ In a Breakthru Dream, they turn around and face the chasers and find out what their feelings are. They wake up in the morning with a sense of freedom, accom­ plishment and a belief that they can do a lot of new things. 
“They wake up in the morning and feel tremendous, but they don’t really know why." o NEXT WEEK: D O C T O R S 
TELL YOU HOW TO ACHIEVE 
BREAKTHRU DREAMING. 
NOW TAKE OUR TEST AND LET THE 
EXPERTS ANALYZE YOUR DREAMS 

THE Dream Center run tty Drs. 
Hart and Corriere will analyze your dream habits if you com­ plete the test on the next page 
To have your dreams analyzed, send the entire page, 25 cents and a self-addressed, stamped enve­ lope to: Dream Research Project, 
The Center Foundation, 1o19 So. l^a Brea. Los Angeles, CA, 9oo19 
You will receive a detailed score and evaluation of your com­ pleted test. Your scores will be added to the data bank the doc­ tors are collecting on dreams, but 

A great opportunity for Star readers 

 your name and answers will be kept in strictest confidence. 

Here s how to take the test on the next page: 
Work quickly through the entire test Since there are no correct answers, answer from your first impulse or impression. 
Simply fir. in the appropriate space for your answer Be sure 

 not to omit any questions For ex­ ample, if you choose answer #4 then blacken the fourth box, iiki this: rn ■ I 
1 
2 
3 4 
5 

All questions, unless otherwisi specified, are about the way yoi generally dream Take into con sideration your dreams over th last year 

• Nun en jot tin* le st on Hie ne\ 
Matte. 

DREAM CAPABILITIES ASSESSMENT PROJECT 
 carefully before tackling this questionnaire. With each question, BLACK IN the panel that corresponds to your answer. 

 m r i i 
1 
2 
3 4 
5 

o 

How often do you rem em ber your dreams? 
(I) Never; (2) Once or twice a year; (3) A couple of times a month, (4) Two to four times a week: (5) One or more dream s every night. 

Do you ever think about your dream s even if you don't re­ member them? 
(I) Not at all; (2 ) Infrequently; 
I 
I 
I 
I I 
(3) Sometimes; (4) Frequently. f 7 
3 4 

Do you ever wake up in the morning and feel as if you have been through something mean­ ingful, powerful, or frightening but just can’t remember? 
(I) Never; (2) Infrequently; (3) 
I 
I 
I 
I I 
Sometimes; (4) Frequently. i "a 
3 4 

Does a dream memory or feel­ ing linger through the day—pop­ ping up because someone says something or you see some­ thing? 
(I) Never; (2) Infrequently; (3) I— H T " 
I I 
Sometimes; (4) Frequently. 
1 2 
3 4 

Do you ever talk about your dream s to your friends? 
(I) Never; (21 Infrequently; (3) 
I— I—I—I—I 
Sometimes; (4) Frequently. 
*— L o 

1 2 
3 
4 
Do you ever write your dream s 
® down? 
(I) Never; (2) Infrequently; (3) 
I 
I 
I—I—I 
Sometimes; (41 Frequently. 
1 
2 3 4 

 o 

 o 
o o 

o 

Generally, how long does it take you to get to sleep? 
(I) Nm able to sleep without medication; (2 ) I hr. or more; r ,__.—,— . 
(3) 3o min to I hr.; (4) 15 to 3o 
I I 
I 
I 
I 
I mins., (5) 15 mins. or less 
1 
2 
3 4 5 

How do you usually feel when you awake in the morning? 
(I) Sluggish; 
(2) Awake but 
______________ tired; (3) Awake; (4) Alert; (5) 
I I 
I I I 
} 
Pleasantly alert 
1 
2 
3 
4 
5 

Do you ever have repetitive dreams? 
(I) Frequently; (2) Sometimes; 
I I 
I T I 
(3) Infrequently; (4) Never. 
1 
2 
3 
4 

Do you ever have nightmares? 
(I) Never; (2) Infrequently; (3) 
Sometimes; (4) Frequently. 
TTTT 
1 
2 
3 4 
5 

Do you dream in color? 
(I) No awareness of color; (2) 
Mostly black and white; 
(3) 
Some color; (4) Mostly color; 
I p - ir - i 
(5) Vivid, intense color. 
1 2 
3 4 

O 

Overall, how would you rate your dreams? 
(1) Symbolic (Requires interpre­ tation to understand); 
(2) Mostly symbolic; 
(3) Mixture of symbolic and real; 
(4) Mostly real; 
(5) Real (A nonsymbolic picture 
_ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ about dream er s life, past and p i present, with direct expression 
| 
2 
3 
4 
5 
(rf feelings, thoughts, actions). 

What kind of characters usually appear in your dreams? 
(1) No characters (Not even the dream er); 
(2) No other characters (The dream er is alone); 
(3) Unknown (Not personally known, including famous people, 1 monsters, animals, strangers.); 
(4) Both (Both known and un­ known characters.); 
(5) Known (Personally known characters in dreams; charac- 
» . . .— . ters are the same as in waking 
I 
I 
I 
I I 
I life — including animals). 
1 
2 3 4 5 

o 

o 

o 

o 

On the average, how would you rate your satisfaction level in your dreams? 
(1) Completely dissatisfied (The dream seems unfinished); 
(2) Somewhat dissatisfied; 
(3) Somewhat satisfied (In one aspect the dream is complete, but dream er could have done more to complete the story); 
(4) Completely satisfied (Pie- 
I 
I 
I p i lure and story are complete). 
^ 
1 p -p 

Generally, taking all of your dream s into consideration, how active are you in your dreams? 
(1) No Role (The dream er has no role in the dream s.); 
(2) Passive (The dream er is present but uninvolved and un­ responsive) ; 
(3) Slightly Active (Some re­ sponse by dream er to dream events, but his role doesn't change outcome of the dream s); 
(4) Active (D ream er's activity is obvious; his role in response to events is complete ); 
, .— 
. 
(5) Very active (Dream er’s ac- 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I tivity dominates the dreams ). 
1 
2 
3 
4 
5 

Generally, how expressive are you in your dreams? 
(1) No expression (No outward manifestation of feelings); 
(2) Slight (Some expression, but relegated to a minor feature.); 
(3) Moderate (Definite but not striking expression.); 
(4) Strong (Expression takes preference over a1) other dream er activities, but does not dominate dream s.); 
(5) Intense (Prolonged and com­ plete expression of feeling domi­ nates entire dreams). 
Generally, how much feeling do you have in your dreams? 
(1) No feeling (Dreams about things that remain neutral); 
(2) Slight (Dream s evoke some feeling, but it is vague and in the background); 
(3) Moderate (There is some feeling that is not vague, but it does not dominate or even great­ ly influence the dream s.); 
(4) 
Strong 
(Definite feeling, more than is usually evident in normal waking life); 
(5) Intense (The feeling over­ rides all else in dreams; the 

I T I T I 
1 
2 3 4 
5 

o 

o 

§ 

 dream er is aware that he is feel­ ing and allows it to fully occur.). 
1 
2 
3 
4 
5 

Generally, how much clarity do you have in your dreams? 
(1) Completely confused (The dream pictures are incoherent; nothing has any relationship!; 
(2) Unclear and indirect (Much distortion, though it does not completely obscure the pic­ tures); 
(3) Somewhat clear and direct 
(There is a genera) idea of what goes on, but some distortion); 
(4) Clear and direct (Pictures are clear, but not complete); 
I 
I l l I"""! 
(5) Completely clear feelings 
•— 
\ i l 'h and actions; no distortion). 
1 
2 
3 
4 
5 

Do you ever have a dream in which you can do powerful, or extraordinary feats? (I) Never; 
(2) Once; (3) Infrequently; (4) 
Sometimes; (5) Frequently. 

Do you ever have a dream in which you express your feelings through words, sounds and ac­ tions so that you dominate the dream completely? (I) Never; 
. ... 
(2) Once; (3) Infrequently; (4) 
I 
I 
I 
I I 
Sometimes; (5) Frequently. 
1 
3 I 
4 s 

1 
I r n 
1 
2 
3 4 
5 

o 
Do you ever have a dream in which you have full feeling so in­ tense that it becomes a refer­ ence for the rest of your life? 
(I) Never; (2) Once; (3) Infre- I 
I I I 
| “ "1 

 r u i A n t l t i * i A \ 
Q a h h u t i t y t d c * 
1 ly \ 
L .— m-A — m.ii ", mi n 1 
A . 
o 

 quently; 
(4) 
Sometimes; 
(5) 1 , 1 , , V T 
Frequently. 

Do you ever have a dream of su­ per-awareness; clear and vivid; a direct message or vision; nothing disguised or distorted? 
(I) Never; (2) Once; (3) Infre- | 
| 
T T I I e n u i n f I i i • 
1 A \ 
C j v n r K i f i n m c * • i C V 
_ 
_ 
. 
— 

o 

o 

o 

 r n 
o 

o 
o 

o 
o 

 quently; 
(4) 
Sometimes; 
(5) 
1 
2 
3 
4 
5 
Frequently. 

Do you ever have a dream in which you shift from passive to active, and/or from confused to clear, and/or from no feeling to full feeling, and/or from non- expressive to fully expressive? r —.—,— 
(I) Never; (2) Once; (3) Infre- 
I 
I I 
I I 
J quently; 
(4) 
Sometimes; 
(5) 
1 
2 3 4 5 
Frequently. 

Have you ever had completely clear dream s where you were totally powerful and expressive; dreams with intense feeling and bright colors; with shifts from sy mbolic to real? ll) Never; (2) Once; (3) Infre- 
,— . 1—t - 1— 1 
2 uently; 
(4) 
Sometimes; 
(5) 
I 
I I 
I J __ I 
’requently. 
1 2 
3 4 
5 

Do you have dream s you can’t forget; that stay with you forev­ er? 
(I) Never; (2) Once, (3) Infre- 
( 
THI 
I I quently; 
(4) 
Sometimes; 
(5) 
1 
2 3 4 5 
Frequently. 

Do you ever re-experience your past — feeling, expressing what you couldn’t as a child? i i i 1— 
(I) Never; 
(2) Infrequently; 
(3) 
I 
I I 1 
Sometimes; (4) Frequently. 
1 2 
3 4 

Do you ever clearly re-experi­ ence your present, feeling and expressing what you didn t in a certain situation? r— 1— 1 
1 
1 
(I) Never; 
(2) Infrequently; (3) 
* 
' 
* 
‘ I 
Sometimes; (4) Frequently. 
1 2 
3 4 

Do your friends ever help you in your dreams? 
(I) Never; 
(2) Infrequently, 
(3) 
I 
I I I I 
Sometimes: (4) Frequently. 
1 2 
3 4 

Do you ever have dreams that tell you what you need to do in the future? 
1 i i i i 
(I) Never; (2) Infrequently, (3) I 
I 
I 
I I 
Sometimes; (4) Frequently. 
1 2 
3 4 

Have your dream s changed over the last two years? 
(I) No; (2) Yes. 
1 } * y 

Do your dream s ever seem to teach you something directly, without interpretation7 
(I) Never; (2) Infrequently; (3) I 
I 
J 
I 
I 
Sometimes; (4) Frequently 
1 
2 
3 
4 
Would you like your dreams to change? f T l 
(I) No; (2) Yes. 

How would you rate your aware­ ness while you are dreaming? 
(1) Unaware (You are dreaming and you do not know it); 
(2) Partially aware (You realize you are dreaming but can't do anything about it); 
(3) Aware (You are aware of yourself as a dreamer, but don’t know you are dreaming), 
(4) Completely aware (You real­ ize you are dreaming; you rec- 
. 
. 
, ognize you are feeling a certa in 
I 
I 
I 
I way and respond to it). 
1 3 1 4 
Cl Caam#* tm Un Ctmm 

NAME 

MALE 
□ 
FEMALE □ 
MARRIED □ 

ADDRESS .... 

SINGLE 
□ 
Put A " in appropriate panels 
OCCUPATION ............................................. A G C ......... 

YOUR SUNDAY CROSSWORD 

I 
‘ 
*' 
-V ^ 
{J*.: - 
: 
. ! 

AUHOSS 

1 Awakened 
7 Enduring 
14 Thoroughfare 
2o Artificial teeth 
21 Sluggishness 
22 Mob dispeller 
24 Not: prefix 
25 Epochal 
26 Remain 
27 Terbium symbol 
28 English composer 
29 Sudanic language 
3o Small drink 
32 Landed properties 
34 Resisting 
36 Witnessed 
37 This one: 
Latin 
39 Roof edges 
4o Professions 
41 Italian seaport 
42 Bequeath 
44 Misdeed 
45 Inferior dog 
46 Uncooked 
47 Cicero’s language 
48 Fixed looks 
5o Calms 
53 Injuring 
55 Stern 
57 Cozy room 
58 Bowlike curve 
6o Safecracker; slang 
61 Legal bar 
65 Palace 
68 Browns bread 
72 Cloth measures 
73 Defensive wall 

75 Humorist 
77 Poet 
Nash 
78 Dueling sword 
79 Small crown 
8o Recumbent 
82 Nickel symbol 
83 Timid 
84 Swollen 
85 Mists 
87 Young seal 
88 Digraph 
89 Greek island 
9o Proposition 
92 Irish nobleman 
93 Proportion 
95 Compass point 
97 Deadly chemicals 
98 Interior 
99 Decrees 
1o1 Combat maneuvers 
1o3 Sullenness 
1o5 Himalayan monkshood 
1o7 Light shaft 
1o8 Aware: slang 
11o Sharp cry 
11 I Belief 
11 5 Frayed 
118 Herb drink container 
1 22 Ball up again 
123 Philippine dwarf 
1 25 Spanish article 
126 Brown kiwi 
128 Treeless plain 
129 Frosts a cake 
I 3o Draw along 
132 Stage 

 comment 
134 Greek portico 
135 And not 
136 Plane polygon 
1 37 African lily 
139 Time zone: abbr. 
14o Morindin dye 
141 Alone 
142 Correlative 
143 Charged particles 
144 Italian city 
146 Biblical pronoun 
147 Rhine siren 
149 Young actress 
I 51 Bunting fabric 
153 Recompense 
1 54 Americans 
155 Chemical compound 

DOWN 

1 Trusting 
2 Forward 
3 American 
Indian 
4 Positive 
5 Expunge 
6 River mouths 
7 Paid attention 
8 Poker stakes 
9 Heavy swells 
1o Attempt 
11 Neuter pronoun 
1 2 Saltpeter 
1 3 Gather and store 
14 Steps 
15 Gulls 
16 Tolled 
1 7 Poetic 

“before” 
18 For example 
19 Marmoset 
2o Plates 
23 Planting seeds 
31 Pastoral staffs 
33 Feminine name 
34 The 
Orient: 2 wds. 
35 Defunct 
36 Siva’s wife 
38 Rust 
4o Slice 
41 Luggage 
43 Sobs 
45 Appetizer 
4 7 Sea inlets 
49 Tree fluid 
51 Firm request 
52 Indian title 
54 Encountered 
56 Rumors 
59 Farm animal 
61 Offensive sight 
62 Fool 
63 Third card 
64 Biggest 
66 Seine 
67 Snoozing 
69 Standard deviation: abbr. 
7o Office terms 
71 Ambushers 
74 French king 
76 Flagrantly 
79 Actor’s signal 
81 Lode load 
84 Jogged along 
85 Boat 
861 love: 

Latin 
87 Long for 
89 Locusts 
9o Hawaiian dish 
91 Wealth 
92 Tempers 
94 Palm lily 
96 Listener’s 
"loan” 
97 Saliva 
987Vctuate 
1oO Misdeed 
1o2 Elevator cage 
1o4 Out: 
Dutch 
.1o6 Lizardlike 
1o9 Perseveres 
111 Of the hair 
112 Dye again 
113 Pitcher 
114 Girl’s name 
116 Advance guard 
117 Dutch coin 
119 Diminish 
1 2o Soothing 
121 Man’s beard 
124 Large ship 
1 27 Loves 
“madly” 
13o Lamprey fisherman 
131 Main artery 
132 Female buffalo 
1 33 Overact 
136 Russian weight 
137 Decorative metal 
138 Swedish measure 
141 Stitch up 
143 Annoy 
145 French friend 
148 Concerning 
15o One or any 
152 At home 

I 
I l l 
. I 
M 
T 
MMh r 
M p 

" 
^ 
M iF 
' 
| t t | M 
« Si 
MMT riff ijp IF 
- m _ - 
Hi 
XIIISmIII*' 91 im g ig ip p fa L ' 

— I— 
— 
— 
— 
— 
— *— 

SEE SOLUTION PAGE 19 

THIS I BELIEVE 
• •„ ’’ 
• 
'■ 
- * 
-. ‘ 
- . 
: , '• . . 
By S tev e O unleavy 

. JMP* 
, vc 

THE MEN were sitting by the pool wearing grotesquely fitting Bermuda shorts, showing legs that told them they should have given up the habit two decades ago. The women were sitting in a clutch by them selves playing Mali Jong with a noise that would have awakened the dead. 
When the men w eren’t talking about million dollar deals, they were chom ping on big cigars. When the women w eren’t spreading gossip, they w ere teasing auburn hair that had been dyed so m uch it had become chem ical. And. brother, as I looked across the bar at the Hotel 
Irazu in San Jose, Costa Rica, I really got hit in the teeth with the real m eaning of the words “ ugly A m erican. 
Like every o th er stu m b le-b u m in the stre e t. I get a diet like a forced-fed goose about what an “ ugly A m erican’’ is. To read the liberal establishm ent press, one has to believe that “ ugly A m ericans” are G .I.s or sailors or generals or U.S. consulate officials. 
Such papers tell us that real “ ugly A m ericans” belong to the U.S. governm ent. They are the ones that get the peasants steam ed up up in 
Asia or Africa. 
It is as if the w orkers from those places have a direct line to Wa­ shington and th a t’s why they organize anti-Am erican riots. 
WELL, I JUST DON’T THINK THAT IS TRUE. 
I think what m akes Africans, Asians and Latins get steam ed up is what they see of a certain “ kind” of Am erican. 
When I see som e silly old broad w earing jewelry into a sw im m ing pool, I start to get the idea. 
I was sittin g at this b ar w ith a builder from D etroit. Two black m usicians cam e and played next to our berm uda short w earing buf­ foons. 
Suddenly M rs. Teased H air pulled out the equivalent of about two cents in local money and threw it at the trum pet player, 
In a lilting Caribbean accent, he politely handed the money back and said: “ No m a’rn. no obligation.” 
Back she threw it, this instant Rockefeller: “Go on. you need it. Take it. we’re A m ericans,” 
It was a tribute to hum an control that the m usician didn’t throw her in the pool, m ink and all. 
No, it is not the guy in the street who m akes foreigners hate Am eri­ cans — it is this tiny m inority of obscenely rich, insensitive financial cannibals. 
__ 
This m usician probably didn’t even know a C.I.A. official. But he will never forget the indignity of having two cents thrown at him like he was a freak in a side show. 
In this country we seem to have a talent for exporting all that is crude and ugly and nothing that is really Am erican. 
But foreign m usicians, taxi drivers, and hotel clerks don’t know that. 
They don’t know their counterparts on the farm s in N ebraska or the steel m ills in Gary. 
All they know is a privileged few who can afford the plane fare to get the chance to throw money at them . I’m no expert in foreign relations, but it is these sam e m usicians, taxi drivers and hotel clerks who get whipped up into anti-A m erican rioting. 
It is alm ost as if we should have a special rule for these adult 
American delinquents that no airline tickets or passports will be issued unless they pass a test for good m anners. 
W hatever cost it m ight be, believe me, it would be saved in the cost of anti-A m ericanism around the globe. it it it 

SIX WEEKS ago I wrote of the plight of Kurt Beninghoff of Hammond. 
Iud. Bcnninghoff, 39. is very m uch in love.with his wife Karen, 35. but she suffers from incurable m ultiple sclerosis and doctors told him to put her in a nursing home. 
The State W elfare D epartm ent told Benninghoff he could not put her in a nursing home under w elfare unless he quit his job or divorced her. 
But Benninghoff didn t want to quit his job or end his 16-year m ar­ riage. He went to court and sought the divorce anyway. The judge who heard the case called the situation ridiculous and granted the welfare aid without dissolving the m arriage. 
W elfare A dm inistrator W ayne Stanton appealed the case and thi appeal w as upheld by a S uprem e Court. T his week. Ju d g e Jam e* 
Richards heard the story and granted Benninghoff a divorce. 
As he left the court a divorced m an, Benninghoff put on a frayed coat and wiped tears from his eyes. 
Well, Indiana Suprem e Court and Mr. Stanton, I hope you are proud of what you accom plished in the nam e of the law. 
Anthony Quinn Is giving up tough guy image at 6o 

MOVIE tough guy Anthony Quinn says his barroom brawling days are over at last. 
At age 6o, he says: “I can’t go round bare-chested, bare footed, being Zorba the Greek for the rest of my life, 
“It would be insane for me to spend my time wiggling on the dance floor of clubs I cannot compete with the man I was 15 years ago. You cannot recapture what is gone.” 
Quinn said he threw his last 

Quinn: No more fights for me. 

 punch in anger three years ago 
During the battle he suddenly stopped, wiped the blood from his nose and stumbled back to his drink 
He said: “I just remembered I was 57 years old.” 
“I don’t have to go around more proving I’m tough, rot and can take care of myself bars.” 

 r n 

ACROSS 
I Nudged 

6. college, assem- 
(voting bly) 
Trample 
Martini must 
Whatever she wants, she gets 
Flower 
Fix solidly in place 
Dogma 
‘‘Crowded cab­ in ’ 
(poker term) leaves out 
Legume 
Gumbo Pl 
Its capital is 
Dover. Abbr. 
Native of prefix 
Iliad & Odyssey, et al 
Mischief maker 
Matty ----- 
B. 
Ball star 
Piece of a door frame 
Requires 
Seed 
Crowd noise 
Fish net 
Furtive person 
Word with Jane or John 
Black and blue with rage 
Japanese states­ man 
Two-wheeled carriage 
Lucky number 
Wild card 
Pains in the co­ lon 
58 Having spiritual innocence 
Word with code or system 
Golf cries1 
Auricle pain 
Curio 
Fountain goody 
Singles 
Book part 
Opposite of downs 
King of Israel 

14 
19 
2o 

21 
22 

23. 
24. 

78. Finished 
77. Current 
Ac­ counts. Abbr 
8o Negative ad­ verbs 
82 Cent. 
African river 
84. Peruses 
85 Wooden shoe 
86 Indian store­ house 
87. Miami country club 
89 Biblical name 
91 Avenues. Abbr 
92. Scatter around 
93 Jury group 
94 Click beetle 
% Carbine 
98 Word with news or fruit 
99 Hunting dog 
1oo Animal doctor 
1o2 Charged atom 
1o3 Attempt 
1o4 Mongrel 
1o5 Special mean­ ing lit) Insubordina­ tion 
115. Fire remains 
116 Indians, 
Mets, et a1 
117 Treas 
Dept 
Regulation 
Abbr. 
12o Gambling game 
121 “ H e the head of the ta­ ble ’ 
122 Division term 
123 Sacred images. 
Var. gun 
Navj 
128 Plexus Anat. 
129 ----- Angeles 
13o Locale or set ting 
131 Atomizer 
133 S. W. Arabian kingdom 
135 Dorian Abbr. 
136 Brain passages 
137. Flowpipe 
KW Celebes ox 
14o Resides 
142 Keys, et a1 
145 Mary Tyler —. 
146 Fraternal build- 

124 Fire a 
126 Of the Navy 

148 I percent of a franc 
152. St uffed animals 
153 . fore (up to now) 
154 Monstrosities 
156 Produce fer­ mentation 
157 Path 
158 Pummels 
159 Folio. Abbr 
161 Suppose 
163. Wading bird 
164 “----- Kett” 
165 Chile-con 
. 
166 “ Tile Mouse — 
— the Clock” 
168 Biblical name 
17o Fortune teller 
171 Color 
172 Edible roots 
173 K W 
Edi­ tor & Author 
174 Distress signal at sea 

176. The H oly 
. 
178 Understand 
179 Teacher of 
Jewish law 
18o Sherwood for­ est hero 
182 W W 
I 
Ger 
Soldier SI. 
184 Foreign, strange 
185 Ireland. 
186 Reverberate 
187 Lab stoves 
188 A type or sort 
189 Sweets store. 
2wrds 
19o Cal 
_ . i phoned) 

DOWN 

1 Jack 
. (poker term) 
2 Spread 
3. Muscle spasms 
4. Turns outward 
5 Delays 
6 Sprite 
7 Noisy 
8 Girl s name 
9 Answered a raise 
1o Copper or tin al­ loy 
11 One-sided de­ feats 

€> C l HUM 197o 
13 Robt E. ----- . 
14 Poker hand 
15 Cause to re­ member 
16 Proclamation 
17 Representa­ tives. Abbr 
Moines 
Spaghetti flour 
SW New York 
City 
Performing 
Slumber 
Sprites 
Greek architec­ ture 
“Ides o f 
’’ 
36 Commonplace talk 
Beneath 
Roof parts 
Endless period 
T urn 
Super highways 
Rest 
Congered 
Bingodike games 
Teachings 
Impaled 
« 
City in N. Italy 
The lowest point 
Famed golf pro 
Air force trainee 
Of citizens 
Bowling alleys 
Sheep pens 
Bequeath 
Panetela 
Retired 2wrds 
Asea in a schooner 

7o Word with room or car 
71 Poker hands 
73 Pastrami store 
Short 
75 Gangster s lire- arm 

76 Merit 
77. Agreed to 
78 Sheltered Naut 
79 Sodium nitrate 
81 Rested 
83. Processes sugar cane 
85 Remains em ployed 
86 Fuel 
88 Bibless overalls 
9o Political groups 
92 Denude 
93 Gay Eur. capital 
95 Ump s compan­ ion 
97 Compass point 
98 Standard Abbr 
99 Nip in t h e ----- 
I check» 
1o1. “ ----- 
Dam ' i worthless) 
1o4 Of pottery or porcelain 
1o6 It ----- of ----- ase (useless) 
1o7 Prefix for a be­ ginner 
1o8 Quarters 
1o9 A girl s name 
111. Approve. 
Col­ loq 
112 Carpenter s tool 

SILLYETTES 

* 

 o o. 

M 
I 
• OC 
J 

113 Com cob 
114 Roman states­ man 
117 Poker hand 
118 Morgue term 
119 Top poker bands 
123 Refrigerators 
124 Spew 
125 Choir voice 
127 Even 
13o Rob 
131 Wild plums 
132 Horse riding contest 
134 Hawaiian geese 
136 New Delhi is its capital 
137 O nes strong point 
139 Open mouthed 
141. Prefix with thermo or gym 
Pl 
142 Chosen 
143 Word with 
Dem or Rep. 
144 Growing out 
145 "Wavs & ----- 
Committee” 
147 Barely making out 
149 Clinging vines 
15o Fracas 
151 ----- nous 
153 Fem. Protago­ nist 
155 Submarine air device 
158 Hair stylist 
16o Upon 
162 Fr card game for two 
165 Rustic abode 
166 Redbreast 
167 Dog SI 
169 **— ----- Ixms” 
(comics) 
172 Narrative 
173 Fierce Adriatic wind 
175 London district 
177 Pacific cook­ out 
ITS Word with dish or tiger 
18o Receipt Abbr 
181 Jewelers cup 
183 Recipe abbrev­ iation 

< % i t f i l l t 

Star WHIRLY WORD6 by W o.ien T obotch 
PUZZLE IOO 
N 
C 
A 
R 
T 
C 
J 
T 
S 
E 
T 
C 
N 

O 
E 
I 
A 
T 
U 
A 
T 
C 
R 
H 
O 
O 

I 
S 
I 
R 
M 
H 
E 
R 
o 
A 
P 
R 
I 

T 
L 
S 
B 
C 
P 
G 
U p 
A 
P 
O 
T 

U 
S 
L 
E 
M 
U 
B 
I 
M 
E 
S 
N 
A 

B 
E 
L 
U 
R 
L 
L 
P 
R 
C 
T 
A 
P 

I 
W 
R 
A 
E 
T 
H 
A 
I 
F 
A 
E 
I 

R 
T 
I 
N 
C 
L 
R 
G 
R 
C 
H 
L 
C 

T 
S 
D 
N 
E 
K 
A 
O 
T 
K 
K 
H 
I 

S 
T 
E 
T 
D 
M 
S 
S 
F 
R 
L 
C 
T 

I 
N 
C 
O 
R 
P 
O 
R 
A 
T 
I 
O 
N 

D 
R 
O 
N 
E 
C 
I 
M 
E 
D 
A 
C 
A 

CLUE: “ANIMAL SKIN” 
Solution: 7 letters 
MOW TO PLAY: 
All lh* word* h*i*d balow appair in th* putti* — horltontally. vertically, diagonally anan bacfcwaid* Find them and circle their 
•attar* Th* leftover letters •pan th* Starword 

Ends 
Academic 
Acts 
Anticipation 

Blend 
Carpet 
Circular 
Cochlea 
Corona 

Distribution 
Drone 

Fortress 
Fright 
Hats 
Incorporation 

Jumble 
I .ark 
Magic 
Mark 

Pact 
Pamphlet 
Pets 
Hide 
Rule 
Slacks 
Tall 
Trouble 
Trumpet 

Wind 

Last Wark’* Answer: CRADLE 

PAGE 18 THE SAN ANTONIO STAR — February 2o, 1977 
Take Dr. Atkins’ test for tiredness 
AND FIND OUT HOW MUCH 
CONTINUING DU. ATKINS' AMAZING ANTI-FATIGUE PROGRAM 
GET UP AND GO YOU’VE 
REALLY GOT EVERY DAY 

HOW do you rate on a vim, vigor and vitality scale? Find out with this fascinating test created by Dr. Robert C. Atkins, 
Am erica’s most famous diet doctor. 
The test comes from Dr Atkins’ Superenergy Diet, which THE 
STAR is running in five parts. If you are already trying the feel good diets for fat people and skinny people outlined in the previous two 
STAR excerpts, this test will let you see how well your diet is working lf you have not yet begun one of the diets—or don’t even plan to—you can still see just how much fatigue and depression you have. The re­ sults may convince you to give Dr. Atkins’ diet a try. 
Test Number One measures fatigue, and Test Two measures mood. 
For eact test, first set up a chart with nine time periods: 

When you first get up 
Immediately after breakfast. 
Before lunch. 
After lunch. 

5. Middle of the afternoon. 
6. Before dinner. 
7. After dinner. 
8. Before bedtime. 
9. Sleeping. 

Take this test for three consecutive days. At each of the nine times ask yourself how much energy (or fatigue) you seem to have, using the following scoring system: 
• Perfect; feeling great, even after strenuous exercise, super­ energy itself—IO points. 
• Feeling great doing ordinary everyday activities—9 points. 
• Feeling everyday good, or feeling normally tired after effec­ tive exercise—8 points. 
• Neutral, unremarkable, neither supergood nor superbad — 7 points. 
• A tinge of fatigue, not quite at your best, a little cranky, or you make mistakes at routine jobs— 6 points. 

• Your fatigue is descernible, enough that you say, “ I’m tired but I’ll keep going’’ — 5 points. 
• You must rest or eat or drink something to keep your energy going—4 points. 
• Fatigue so great you take a nap, or fall asleep at a lecture, in a theatre, or watching television 
—2 points. 
• Fatigue so great you feel mus­ cular pains, a discomfort in your chest, back or head—2 points. 
• Prostrated, unable to get out of bed—I point. 

In the bottom row for your sleeping period you will enter points foi the amount of sleep tliat you required that night. If you needed only five hours, give yourself 2o points. If it was six hours, 18 points. Seven hours, 16 points. Eight hours, 14 points. Nine hours, 12 points. Ten hours. IO points Eleven hours, 8 points. 
Add up your points to get your energy score for the day. Your maxi­ mum score would be IOO points. Your three-day average will show your typical degree of energy Now you have a number which you can use to compare with scores in the future. 
You might compare your score with passing grades in school. A score of 7o would be barely passable, an 8o good, and a 9o excellent than 7o. the clinical problem of fatigue truly would demand atten­ tion. Observe how these scores change the longer you stay on the diet. 
NOW USE DR. ATKINS’ TEST 
TO MEASURE YOUR MOODS 

TO measure your mood, use the same time scale you use for the fatigue test. Score as follows: 

• Euphoric, with total joy or elation, unable to stop smiling—IO points. 
• Happy, contented, quietly joyous, easily responding with laughter—9 points 
• Serene, somewhat more hap­ py than sad—8 points 
• The neutral point, neithei tiappy nor sad. unaware of any mood—7 points 
• Ever so slightly down or trou­ bled, somewhat more sad than happy- -6 points 
• Down in the dumps, but no real impairment of performance 
—5 points. 
• Depressed, apathetic, leth­ argic, unable to concentrate or perform your job well—4 points. 

REPRINTED by permission pl Crown Publishers. 
Inc 
(rom Or Atkins Supered# gy Diet by Rob­ ert C 
Atkins. M D ,. and Shirley Motter Linde 
Copyright © 19 77 by Robert C 
Atkins M D . and $rw,ey Linde 
Price 
SB 95 

• Barely able to function, or to function only with medication—3 pints. 
• Crying easily or being near tears, feeling hopeless, unable to carry out your day’s work—2 points 
• Hopelessness, despair and futility, questioning whether your life is even worth continuing— I point. 
To score yourself for the sleep­ ing period, evaluate your thoughts while falling asleep, or your mood while dreaming 
Double your sleeping score Add your points 
Your score may range between 
IO and IOO points. Keep scores for several days and see ii the diet is improving your mood. 

Dr. Robert C. Atkins 

IT IS not easy to devise an anti­ fatigue diet without changing a person’s body weight, but this Su­ perenergy Diet No 3 is designed with this goal in mind. 
It is for anyone who wants to keep his weight within a IO pound range, or for anyone who for med­ ical reasons, should not gain or lose weight. 
Diet No. 3 embodies all the principles of nutrition that have helped others achieve Superener­ gy. except for one thing: it does not produce ketones because ke­ tone body production is associated with weight loss. 
This diet is designed to find the common point where your carbo­ hydrates are cut down, but short of the point where ketosis (fat breakdown) takes place 
For most, that comes to around 6o carbohydrate grams per day. 
If there s a tendency to gain on this level, drop the gram count, perhaps to the 5o-gram level. If you still gain, try 4o grams 
If there s a tendency to lose on it, increase the gram level to 8o or 9o You can get a good carbo­ hydrate gram counter in the drug­ store. 
Here are six rules to follow on 
Diet No. 3: 
• 

Develop a vitamin and mi­ neral regimen as outlined in the first installment of this series in THE STAR. 
• 

Eat as much meat, seafood, eggs, cheeses, and salads that you want. 
• 

Start with six small feed­ ings a day, eating some pro­ tein every three or four hours, in­ cluding breakfast. 
• 

As long as you are at the weight you desire, eat as much as you want of the listed vegetables lf you begin to lose weight, then you may add some fruit, primarily melons, berries, and citrus lf you begin to gain weight, switch to the Superenergy 
Diet No. I (outlined in the first part of this series). 
S 

A void sugar, refined flour, and white rice. Eat only e grain products. 
• 

Check your individual reac­ tion to coffee and alcohol and limit them to an amount that does not produce rebound fatigue lf this diet does not solve your arsenal energy crisis, your car- ihydrate intake may be too high 
—or too low. 

Diet No. 3 - for those who ara happy with their present weight hut find themselves weary 

BONUS BENEFITS- 
MY Superenergy diets are designed to fight overweight, fatigue, depression and hun­ ger. 
But I am frequently sur­ prised to hear my patients re­ port a wide variety of other symptoms clear up . 
Headaches, intestinal complaints, sleep problems, menopausal troubles, emo­ tional problems, heart symp­ toms, and dizzy spells im­ prove in many cases. 
You might call these bonus benefits of my Superenergy program. 

 forth insulin to be metabolized. 
Thus it provides a readily avail­ able carbohydrate souce for ener- but one which does not evoke insulin overresponse that characterizes the person with low blood sugar and is the most com­ mon cause of fatigue. 
Fructose can be taken several ways. You can take two fructose tablets (2 grams each) every two hours, making about 16 tablets scattered through the day. 
You can make lemonade with it. using about six teaspoons to a quart. Or you can use fructose as you would ordinary sugar. 
Fructose, however, can raise the level of triglyceride in the blood. 
If you stay on fructose make sure to have triglyceride levels checked regularly. 

The second alternative uses oats, groats, barley, millet, maize, and all the old-fashioned, non-refined whole grains instead of fructose. Plus nuts, lentils, and brown and wild rice. 
The six basic rules are the same The no-no foods are the same. 
You simply get your carbohy­ drates from these whole grain cereals instead of from fructose. 
Try both alternatives and see which one makes you more satis- 

N EX T W EEK : Reward your kids with love, not lollipops - how diet can hurt your child. Also, 
Dr. Atkins Diet # 4 for special situations. 

Overweight persons almost in­ variably find they have more en­ ergy when ketosis and fat stores are providing a large share of the fuel. 
So too, do many normal weight­ ed subjects. Superenergy Diet No. 
I for overweight people, can be tried in such cases, with weight loss halted by eating generously. 
If that still doesn’t work, per­ haps you need more carbohy­ drates. You may try taking a spe­ cial form of sugar called fructose 
—or try whole grain and lentils. 
Fructose is a simple sugar, as is glucose. But unlike glucose, fructose does not require or call fied and energetic* 
Here’s what you CAM eat 

 has less carbohydrate than milk). 
Some of the fat should be in the form of polyunsaturated vege­ table oils 
CONDIMENTS—Salt. pepper, mustard, horseradish, vinegar, vanilla and other extracts; artifi­ cial sweeteners; any dry pow­ dered spice that contains no sug­ ar 
BREAD—You may use two or three slices of gluten bread per day. or one slice of stone-ground wheat bread, or two slices of rye flatbread (Do not exceed 15 car­ bohydrate grams per day.) 
OLIVES, nuts and seeds are al­ lowed. as much as you like, with the exception of water chestnuts, chesnuts, and cashews, which are high in carbohydrates. 
FRUITS and fruit juices should not be allowed during the first two seeks of the diet, futher ob­ servations will dictate whether or not they can later be added grad­ ually. 
YOU cannot eat any of the fol­ d in g : 
Refined bread, cake, candy, catsup, cookies, refined flour, ice cream, jam or jelly, macaroni, pancakes, sugar, syrup. 

HERE’S what you can eat on Diet 
No 3: 
MEATS: All meats are allowed, including seafood, fowl, even those meats which contain some carbohydrate, such as liver, sau­ sage, or bologna. 
EGGS: Any kind, any style. 
( HEESE: Any kind. 
SALADS—any kind and as much as you want. 
VEGETABLES—All allowed except those which have been par­ titioned and a nutritional part tak­ en out. You can eat several cup­ fuls a day. Avoid polished (white) rice, polished oats, skinless pota­ toes. cornstarch, etc. 

FATS—Butter, margarine, oils, shortening, lard, mayonnaise, in judicious quantities. 
Four tea­ spoons of cream a day (Cream 

A dashing young Frenchman gets the jump on 
Evel 

PUZZLE SOLUTION oranHdE! b o b b d o h b u h r rarannmnra nmnonna nrana 
DR BOOH BODO DO □□□(! onni rannnnran ORCiranciB m a n s b o o b s b o o b o o s □ ramraraei hiict moo ann nnnnm 
BOUBOU o13ooooo oOG1OoI1oo noon raran ooh oooo 
SBI1oDOBH ooooooo ORO nnnran laoooBPEi nos oo 
oooo ooooooo 
BQooo 
BOO oooooo 
OQBoOH 
oo oOoOo 
BOoBOBo □ 
□ □SHIE HHH BBI1oooB UoooQ ramnrann nonnnnn HrammniraciH anne nan QSQ oooo 
oooooooo ooooooo OoOoUo 
□oooo OOO BQH QoU oBUC3o 
DBoB ooOQOOo UHUoo BORO 
ooO oooOooQ UOUEIooQ ooO 
OB BEBB BU UBOH UBIilU OB 
BEGoBoI1 BOCOBoU oUUUUBo 
□□□DOR OOBOoBH oBQUoo 

THERE is new hope for more than a million 
Americans, most of them housewives, who suffer from a little-known anx­ iety state called agoraphobia 
—the fear of leaving the safe­ ty of their homes. 

Until now, doctors have had lit­ tle success treating this incapaci­ tating nervous illness with drugs or psychotherapy. 
But an Australian physician. 
Dr. Claire Weekes, has developed a method that has cured thou­ sands of agoraphobics and is being adopted widely by Ameri­ can doctors. 
Dr. Weekes treats agoraphobic patients by “remote direction’’ through the use of her books, cas­ sette recordings and long-distance telephone chats from her home in 
Sydney. 
She is currently touring the 
U.S. to publicize her latest book. 
Simple Effective Treatment Of 
Agoraphobia (Hawthorn $6.95). 
Dr. Weekes told THE STAR that agoraphobia is sometimes re­ ferred to as fear of open spaces. 
“It could be more accurately defined as a condition in which a person suffers incapacitating fear 

By CHRISTINA KIRK 

 away from the safety of home,” she said. 
“The fear is particularly strong when the sufferer is in a crowded or isolated place—anywhere where he or she cannot make a 
S lick escape or get help quickly ould her fears, as she thinks, grow beyond her.” 
Dr. Weekes believes the condi­ tion is caused by what she calls the “sensitization of the nerves.” 
By this, she means that the emotional and nervous responses are greatly intensified and come with unusual, sometimes alarm­ ing swiftness. 
“Anybody’s nerves can become sensitized,’* she told THE STAR. 
“Most of us have felt it mildly at the end of a day of tension, when nerves are on edge. 
“But a severely sensitized per­ son feels the symptoms of stress so intensely that an ordinary spasm of fear may register as a whipping lash of panic, almost an electric flash." 
Agoraphobia usually strikes young people in their 2os and 3os when they are most prone to all types 
o1 anxiety states, 
Dr. 

Gertie the elephant almost puts her foot into i t... long-distance’ therapy is helping millions who are afraid to leave the house 

Weekes said, It often continues for 2o years or more. 
More than 9o percent of agora­ phobics are women. “This is un­ derstandable,” said Dr. Weekes, 
"because a housewife doesn't have anything pushing her to get out of the house while a man has to get to work everyday.” 
In a study Dr. Weekes did of 528 agoraphobic patients, all but 5 percent traced the illness to some stressful event: a surgical opera­ tion, a difficult birth, a disturbed domestic situation. 
Dr Weekes said that agorapho­ bics first had to understand now and why their nerves have be­ come sensitized, and to accept the fact that the nerves will desensi­ tize themselves if they let them. 
“Up to now, they have been trying to stop the panic, and they can no more do this than they can stop their knee jerking when the doctor tests their reflexes. 
"I tell them they must let the panic come. Let it singe the roots of their hair if necessary. 
“Then they must learn not to add the second fear. That is the thought: ‘Oh, my goodness, some­ one’s watching,' ‘Oh, my good­ ness, what if I have an attack here?’ ‘Let me out of here quick­ ly!’ 
“Gradually, the first fear of panic will become less and less. 
The first flash of panic will die down They will desensitize them­ selves.” 
Using the detailed instructions in her books and on her taped cas­ settes, Dr. Weekes leads her pa­ tients through the stages of recov­ ery. 
Books by Dr. Claire Weekes are available from Hawthorn Books 
26o Madison Ave., New York, 
N.Y. 1oo16 Her recordings are available from Galahad Produc­ tions, 
P.O. 
Box 
5893, 
Lake 
Charles, La., 7o6o1. 

SCIENTISTS are testing new wonder drugs that they say can cure heroin addicts. 
The drugs are called narcotic antagonists. 
Tests on one antagonist, naltoxone, have shown that it can stop someone from experi­ encing pleasure from heroin for up to a month. It works by inactivating the nerve cells in the brain that respond to drugs. 
Scientists at the Addiction Research Center in Washington, D.C., hope that antagonists may be used one day to immunize people against the effects of heroin. They are also searching for antagonists to amphetamines 

 and other drugs often abused. Narcotic antag­ onists have already been tested on ex-addicts in medical centers across the country, and most addicts who receive the new drugs have been able to kick the heroin habit. 
But the danger is that an ex-addict taking an antagonist might turn to alcohol, mari­ juana, barbiturates, amphetamines and tran­ quilizers instead. 
Scientists warn that alcohol and barbitur­ ates both lead to dependence and withdrawal from these sedatives is far more dangerous than withdrawal from heroin. 

Narcotic antagonists are not addictive but some studies report they can have unpleasant side-effects such as dizziness, headaches and 
LSO-like hallucinations. 
These reactions usually disappear when an addict develops a tolerance for the drug. 
Scientists are also investigating the use of narcotic antagonists as an alternative to methadone. 
About 15o,ooo people are in treatment pro­ grams for heroin addiction and more than half are in methadone maintenance pro­ grams. 

DAREDEVIL 
Evel 
Knievel has a aew rival hot on his heels. 
He’s dashing young 
French­ man 
Alala 
Prieur, and he snared into the recard hooks with this spec­ tacular leap over Ii bases near Paris. 
The stuntman. 
28, jumped a distance of 213 feet, breaking the world record of 148 feet held by Eve!. 

WONDER DRUGS MAY HELP CURE HEROIN ADDICTS 

 the elephant was looking where she was going. Otherwise this wander­ ing cub could have ended up with a lion-sized headache. 

 with trade 

EiCUJSWf 1 
I 'M I ’ IO 
M W W " I 

GIGANTIC 
E-X-P-A-N-S-l-O-N 
U 
WE’VE OUTGROWN OUR PRESENT LOCATIONS AND WE LL BE MOVING 
TO OUR NEWEST SAATHOFF’S AT 8o7 S.W. MILITARY DR. IN H.E.B. 
CENTER. WE’D RATHER SELL IT THAN MOVE IT! 

HIGH EFFICIENCY 
15ooo BTU 
RIG. $539. 
I 
V 
• 

HIGH EFF. U S V 
I O I D 
11ooo BTU 
REG $459 O I O . 

GAS RANGES 

WHILE THEY LAST! 
ANY COLOR - 3o ”-36 
*188 

' AIR CONDITIONERS 
PRICED TO MOVE! 
5ooo BTU (PRIOR YEAR) 

* 159” 

I 8 LB. DELUXE 

THE 
MARK 
OF 
EXCELLENCE 
RATED # I 

MICROWAVE 
OVENS 
AS LOW AS 
FRIGIDAIRE “ JET ACTION 

. 
^ e r $ 3 3 8 5 o 

• ANY COLOR 

MOO. OFF DURING THIS SALE! 

Im <t. i h 
\ t 
It ITI.cit' I ! p u rr c o lo n 

M d " H'ciO Contrmpofsry 
(walnut ifitor* 

Model B12i' S p a m ** (> ak colon 

M del B V " Mi d>tt rranran 
(pet an color* 

Matching Dryer Only 
$251.5o During Expansion Sale! 
C A X I C IO T H ER FRIGIDAIRE $ o 
J M 
T tie WASHERS 
FROM 
* * ¥ # • 

H H Hi: 
( . l l I I M. 

HH ii) ) IO O H H \ THI: 
(. h i : I i n s I l r r n i m :h a t i s t o u t 

S I N 
I M O M O l l IS 

HI HH SH.HA! I III. M U 
> i i m o i i s ii i i i h i n u : 
1 .1 in , H.s i i \ 

 h i :r n M i n \ / t i <k i r - r l l I M H . 
S I O HH. 
TO 

SI H I H 
I HI: 
SOI n i­ si HH. 
C O M M I M I ) . 

I ll H H ) 
IO 
I M 

S I HI H O I F 
HOH 
I 

(J IH HI im: ll.! 

• 25” Color Consoles* 
• 1oo% Solid State 
• Automatic Color 
Control plus many other advanced features. 
Limited time only! 

With our Negative Guard Band picture tube and Instant Touch Tuning, you get exceptional picture quality. And with oui exclusive Four Year warranty, you get ex­ ceptional protection. 
We cover every single electronic part, including the pic­ ture tube. The owner is responsible for no more than the cost of a house coll. 
'meowed diagonally 
Curtis loathes 

SEE SAATHOFF’S F< 
TV-AIR CONDITIONER 
RENTALS 
NO CREDIT CHICK • FREE DELIVERY tarthoff's 

1134 HILDEBRAND 
* 734-5o56 

1423L5.W. MILITARY 
* 924-83o8 

234o E. SoUTHCRoSS * 533-8121